VOLUME XC— NO. 159.
SCHMITZ WINS BY A SAFE PLURALITY OVER WELLS
IN THE THREE-CORNERED RACE FOR MAYORALTY
PEOPLE
REBUKE
BOSSES
Refuse to Swallow
Corrupt Pro
gramme.
Union Labor Candi
date Runs Well in
All Districts.
AT the hour of going to press th«
semi-official election returns Indi
cate the election of Eugene E.
Schmitz, the Union Labor candi
date, as Mayor of Ban Francisco.
The returns up to 2 o'clock gave
Bchmiti a lead of some 2300 votes over
"We Is, and it Is beyond question that he
will maintain his lead with little variation |
to th« end of the count.
The election of the standard-bearer of
the Union Labor party to the responsible
position of Mayor of a municipality such
es this Is due to the operations of Herrin,
Kelly, Burns, Burke, Lynch and the Re
publican push who sought to cram a set
of candidates down the throats of the peo
ple without regard for their fitness for
the public service.
The Republican ticket was made up of
men who were pledged In advance
to carry out the behests of the
bosses If elected and the people
would not have it. At the time thi6
ticket was nominated the Democratic
party was divided and the success of the
Republican party was assured provided
capable men were placed in nomination.
Instead of doing this the bosses selected
• men whom even Wells was forced, to re
pudiate, and when this became a matter
of public comment self-respecting Repub
licans cast their votes for Tobin in the
vali hope that by thus combining the
«le«tion of Schmltr might be defeated.
Bui: the effort failed.
The defection of the Republicans was
the very means by which the election of
a class ticket was accomplished. What
ever the results may be to Ban Francisco
by reason of this radical departure from
established precedents, Herrin and his fol
lowing of bosses must accept the responsi
bility therefor. The repudiation by the
popular vot« of the Herrln-Kelly tainted
ticket will be a repudiation of this gentry
for all time.
Nearly all of the candidates for the
minor offices advocated by Th© Call were
elected. Almost the entire present Board
of Supervisors Is re-elected. Members of
all- parties rallied to the support of the
present members of the board, whose offi
cial reoord during their term of office was
untainted by a single scandal.. The elec
tion of Lane for City Attorney, Lackmann
for Sheriff, Leland for Coroner and Farn
hara for Public Administrator is certain.
" Th* total vote, It Is estimated, will reach
16,000.
LATEST NEWS
FROM OFFICE
OF REGISTRAR
Complete returns from 158
precincts, at 2:30 o'clock this
morning, give the following
vote fpr Mayor:
WELLS 8,878
TOBIN 5,957
SCHMITZ 9,668
OH for Fuel on Navy Yard.
VA.LLEJO, Nov. 5.— A float with four
700C -gallon tanks of petroleum ¦wan
brcught to the r.avy yard yesterday. Th«
oil will be pumped from these into a pipe
leading to new tanks recently completed
at the yard. The electric tight plant was
operated with oil as fuel thla evening. The
ehiinge from coal to oil consumption will
"•¦ult in a sarlng of 23 per cent.
The San Francisco Call.
EUGENE E. SCHMITZ, CHOSEN BY THE VOTERS TO BE THE NEXT MAYOR OF SAN FRANCISCO.
CHOSEN SERVANTS OF PEOPLE.
At the hour of going to press the following seems to be ths successful ticket:
Mayor EUGENE E. SCHMITZ
Auditor HARRY BAEHK
City Attorney FBANKLIN K. LANE
Sheriff JOHN LACKMANN
Tax Collector EDWARD J. SMITH
Treasurer JOHN R McDOTJGALD
Becorder '. EDMOND GODCHAUX
County Clerk ALBEBT B. MAHONY
District Attorney LEWIS F. BYINGTON
Coroner DB. THOMAS H. W. LELANO
Public Administrator JOHN FABNHAM
SAN FRANCISCO, WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 6, 1901.
Supervisor GEORGE B. SANDERSON
Supervisor H. U. BRANDENSTEJN
Supervisor CHARLES BOXTON
Supervisor .\ A. COKETE JR.
• Supervisor v PETER J. CUBTTS
Supervisor \ JAMES P. BOOTH
Supervisor .... .WILLIAM J. WYNN
Supervisor SAMUEL BBAUNHABT
Supervisor 1 LAWBENCE J. DWYEP.
Supervisor HORACE WILSON
Supervisor , JOHN CONNOR
Supervisor A. A. D'ANCONA.
Supervisor r FBEDEBICK EGGEKS
Supervisor CHABLES H. STANYAN
Supervisor JAMES M. WILKINS
Supervisor GEOBOE B. McCUELLAN
Supervisor J. A. LYNCH
Supervisor i HENBY PAYOT
Police Judge...'. WILFRED J. FBITZ
v Police Judge CHABLES T. CONLAN
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
OUTLINES
LIBERAL
POLICY
Mayor-Elect Will
Recognize No
Class.
Regards His Election
as a Rebuke to
the Bosses.
AT his comfortable and attractive
home on Fillmore street, near
Green, Eugene E. Schmits last
night outlined the policy of hi 3
administration. A survey of the
return* at hand had convinced
him of bis election to th« office of Mayor
and he spoke frankly of his plans for the
management of municipal affairs. He de
sired to remind the people of San Fran
cisco through the columns of The Call
that he did not entertain radical or revo
lutionary sentiments and that he would
be guided by a purpose to give the city
an extremely conservative administra
tion. He remarked:
"I believe that one result of ray elec
tion will be the establishment of more
friendly relations between the employers
and employes and I will endeavor to
bring about a feeling of harmony :n this
line, believing that it will conduce to the
welfare of San Francisco. I shall give fair
consideration to invested capital. I said
to the convention of the Union Labor
party before I was nominated : 'I am con
servative in my ideas and am not In fa
vor of a radical revolutionary policy, my
motto being equal rights for all men. spe
cial privileges to none. I am in Savor of
peaceful measures at all hazards between,
employers and employes and deplore all
resort to violence in the settlement of any
differences.'
"I spoke to the committee frankly be
fore the delegates gave me the nomina
tion, and now. after my election. I assure
the people of the city that It wtll be my
aim in offlte to do everything in my powoy
to honor San Francisco and promote thu
prosperity of the city.
Fair Representation.
"As San Francisco is my birthplace,
and as my father came here in 1349 an
actively devoted himself to the building
up of the city, it will surely be my desira
to make a most creditable administration.
All classes and all elements will have Junt
and fair representation in the commis
sions to be appointed by the Mayor. I wiM
consult the best interests of the city in
making changes, and will fully respect
the non-partisan spirit of the charter.
"The Union Labor party did not exact
a pledge of me. All that the delegates
asked of me was fairness and equs.l
rights. I have made no pledges, and
therefore am in position to exercise my
own judgment in the important duty of
appointments to the various, commissions.
Since you ask the direct question, I w:!l
answer frankly that I will make some
changes, but will exercise great care -n
the selection of men."
When requested to give hi 3 opinion as
, to the chief significance o* his election,
Mr. Schmitz said:
"While my election is a victory for the
Union tabor party, it is also a great vic
• tory for independent anti-boss Republi
cans. I am a Republican, and If partita
swing back -to their natural position I
will be found in the Republican camp. I
regard my election as a just and over
whelming rebuke to bossiam. The Re
publican candidate derived his nomination
from a convention dictated to and con
trolled by Herrin and other bosses. The
Democratic candidate was nominated by
a convention representing Phelan and
McNab. Independent Republicans and
Democrats, as a .protest against boss n
nipulation, cast their votes for me. Un
doubtedly my election is a rebuke to tho
bosses.
Proud of His Support.
"The independent better class of Repub
licans, I am glad to say, voted for me, as
indicated by the vote I received la the
Continued on Page Twti2
BATTLE OF THE BALLOTS ATTENDED BY LITTLE EXCITEMENT AROUND BOOTHS
AND CHARACTERIZED BY THE COMPLETE ABSENCE OF ANY SERIOUS DISORDER
LIGHT VOTE CAUSES
GUESSING AT NOON
Election Officers Suffer Ennui During Most
of the Day, but Late-Comers Bring Total
Up to Numbers Estimated by Experts
Varying Reports From Different Sections Keep
Hope of Candidates' Partisans Alive Un
til Long After the Beginning of the Count
A MORE quiet, uneventful elec
tion day could not have been
made to order. From the time
the polls opened until they were
closed at 5 o'clock there was lit
tle excitement anywhere and
few attempts at interference
with the legal procedure or with indi
vidual rights.
In the outlying and north of Market
districts there was a rush to the booths
in the early morning and then a lull.
South of Market street there was a re
markably light vote polled in the fore
noon and at noon the report of the Reg
istrar that a total of but 29.554 votes had
been cast led many to the conclusion that
a singular apathy existed and that the
total vote would fall much below the esti
mated numbers.
In the afternoon, however, the scenes
around the South of Market booths
livened up and after 4 o'clock voting was
livelier in the Western Addition and Mis
sion districts. As a result the total vote
easily reached the estimate's made by
those best qualified to figure on the prob
lem.
At Union. Labor Headquarters.
The condition of affairs in the various
polling places south of Market street,
where it was expected Schmitz would poll
practically a unanimous vote, was the
subject of serious comment early in the
afternoon among those gathered at the
Union Labor headquarters. The great
falling off in the vote in all parts of the
city was regarded by the Schmltz sup
porters as a hopeful sign as far as the
chances of their champion was concerned.
The day was a quiet one, but the Union
Labor party managers did not relax their
vigilance on that- account. Reports were
received from union watchers .south of
Market street that attempts would be
made to count Schmitz out in certain pre
cincts. The Labor watchers were in
structed to notify headquarters at once
should such attempts be made while the
count was in progress. A large force of
union men was in attendance at head
quarters all day in readiness for any ser
vice that might be required of them.
In the first precinct of the Twenty
ninth district several of the Rainey crowd
took charge of the polls and far some
hours intimidated every one whom they
suspected to be Schmltz voters. When
this fapt was made known at headquar
ters. Secretary Parry dispatched ten men
to the scene with Instructions -to give the
Rainey men "all they wanted in the way
of trouble if they were looking for it."
There was little trouble experienced in
ridding the booth of the objectionable ele
ment, so that order was the rule for the
remainder of the day.
The decreased vote caused considerable
speculation among union men as to the
outcome. While all pretended that the re
turns would be satisfactory, there was,
nevertheless, a gloomy spirit manifested
by many. The failure to secure a heavy
vote in districts where the union men
talked loudest during the campaign con
vinced the most ardent Schmitz man that
there was treachery somewhere in the
ranks of union labor. The only, grata of
comfort to be gathered from the reports
received during the afternoon was the fact
that the vote in all parts of the city was
comparatively light. It was argued from
this that Schmitz'* chances for election
were increased thereby, as it was claimed
that many Republican votes were being
polled for Tobin. •
. Out in the Western Addition the general
relief was that everything was going for
Wells. In the Forty-first, Wells' own dis
trict, it was said that the Republican can
didate was holding all his party strength
and the vote was heavy "on the hill,"
while in "Cow Hollow," the Democratic
end of th district, there were more
Schmitz than Tobin votes being cast.
Throughout the Western Addition there
was the utmost order around the booths
a quiet almost like that of Sunday prevail!
inf.
Money Used in the Forty-Third.
With the exception of a wordy dispute
between two opium fiends the election in
the Tenderloin district passed off without
the least trouble. Wells workers were at
the polls as soon as the voting commenced
and remained until the last ballot had
been cast. Money was freely used by
th* different factions. One of Wells' work
APPLAUSE FOR THE EVERETT.
¦^¦Irfc— — — *^__ L,.J^^M> This is a new piano. in a new field,
i £=ss===- — L ' *- 1^ jJB I and sold exclusively by Frisco's new
InK : .<^r. T"^ 1 I KCT Piano House. The Everett is the
' I \ c^f '¦<*(( &iw Vi^L^ IWB "Piano Automobile" of the present
I $&&[ %.] J &3& Wmi da y- It wins the applause of both
[I —- - v xzr — ¦¦B^3 amateur and the profession. Besides
jg^™^^^ M "^^"^^"^ Es fjjj| the Everett we handle the Steck,
{?&<-<-< 1 j— ja~-_^^.^^- .V"lCii IpPI d ma n, Packard, Ludwig, Har-
'(-— ~~~ ... -^- --=j| rington and Straube, and we invite
rffig^|F£L^ißlfldß^^^HEsiqi Hfi-1 your - earnest ' consideration of the
l of r <"\^3[ \s-~. : ' l"^i prices we make on these most magni-
iP'vS -JF Jol^' r^f If W~s On January Iwe move into our
i^^^V// ~^±rr^- fl ¦'¦ Wi new warerooms at 931 Market street.
WlwL\ ' _ '-^£^^141 I At the Present time please take.ele-
\M i\T * -T^ttß^^ vator at 933 Market street for our
¦Ky>**4££vßicHT <^^^^ 0 warerooms on the sixth floor, and buy
' -^ a piano at A WHOLESALE PRICE.
THE WILEY B. ALLEN CO,, 933 Market Street, San Francisco.
(Branch Stores at Oakland, Alameda and San Jose.)
ers openly declared that he had been
given $1000 to influence voters to cast their
ballot for the Republican standard
bearer.
At the polling place on Grant avenue,
between Sutter and Bush streets, a crowd
of Tenderloin habitues who were out for
¦\Vella congregated and attempted to in
fluence voters in favor of the Republican
candidate. Their operations became so
brazen that the police were forced to
drive-them away.
"Billy" Gallagher and Mike Flynn
handled the Wells forces in the vicinity
of Ellis and Powell streets. Both claimed
that the Tenderloin district would roll
up a handsome majority for the entire
Republican ticket. ,
The supporters of Byington for District
Attorney were out in full force. They
carefully watched the voting, expecting
that the Flsk workers would attempt to
resort to underhand methods to win votes
INCOMPLETE RETURNS OF THE LOCAL ELECTION AS COMPILED TO 1:30 THIS MORNING.
MAYOR.
-A.S.A. ~EL. "WELLS, IRepxiTolioeirL. •*•*—•«—«•«»•»*• 15, 253
JOSEPH S. TOBIN, Demoorat — 8,646
ETJOKEIbTIE E. SOHMITZ, Union Lstloor. .........-.«.......:....... 14,591
O. O. O'ZDO2SnsrEI_.:Lj, Independent ,^..^ s
O. Li. AMES, Socialist, ¦...: ..... .*...*. '..-. •.'..-.¦.•.-—..¦. .^... 492
AUDITOR.
HARRY BAEHR— R 15,786
JOHN H. WISE— D 8,264
ISADORE LESS— U. L 9,614
CITY ATTORNEY.
J. E. BARRY— R 10,821
FRANKLIN K. LANE— D. . .17,546
SHERIFF.
JOHN LACKMANN— R 16,583
JUSTUS S. WARDELL— D. .. 3,928
ROBT J. LOUGHERY— U. L. 10,556
TAX COLLECTOR.
EDWARD J. SMITH— R 1 1,937
JOSEPH FASSLER— D 7,377
JNO. J. DAUGHNEY— U.-L.... 10,972
TREASURER.
JNO. E. McDOUGALD— R. . . 10,432
S. H. BROOKS— D 10,011
.ROB'T W. ROBERTS— U. L.. 9,308
RECORDER.
CHARLES E. COREY— R 10,640
EDMOND GODCHAUX— D.. 11,625
THOMAS F. EAGAN— U. L . . 9,010
for their candidate. Johnny Greely, one
of Byington's chief lieutenants, flitted be
tween the Tenderloin and Tar Flat seek
ing votes for the District Attorney. The
latter t .->k in the different polling places
and seemed satisfied of his re-election. ¦
In the district south of Market street
THE SAX FT?AXCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER G, 19)1.
AMUSING INCIDENTS CAUGHT ON THE FLY BY A CALL CARTOONIST.
and between Twelfth Btreet and the wat
er front there was an apparent apathy.
The election officers had so little to do
early in the day that they sunned them
selves in front of booths between votes.
Most of the afternoon was spent In guess
ing as to the results.
Joseph S. Tobin went to the polls about
10 o'clock, his voting booth being in the
rear of the Palace Hotel, in front of tne
army headquarters on New Montgomery
street. He was the sixty-third voter. He
stood the ordeal of the snapshot fiends
without flinching and marked his ticket
from top to bottom. His friends cheered
him as he left the booth.
In none of the precincts of this portion
of the city did any of the election or po
lice officers have any trouble in preserving
the peace. The districts where trouble
usually occurs were as quiet as on a Sun
day.
There was little in the Mission to indi
cate that an election was being held ex
cept the presence of the voting booths in
COUNTY CLERK.
ALBERT B. MAHONY— . 13,251
GEO. DAHLBENDER— D. . .. 8,772
PATRICK COYLE— U. L. . . . 9,086
DISTRICT ATTORNEY. .
ARTHUR G. FISK— R\ ...'. . . . 13,069
LEWIS F. BYINGTON— D.. 13,623
CORONER.
C. A. GLOVER— R : . 7,909
THOS. B. W. LELAND—D. ..13,099
JOHN F. DILLON— U. L. . . .10,592
PUBLIC ADMINISTRATOR. v i
JOHN FARNHAM— . . . . . .13,122
P. BOLAND— D .........:. 8,678
WM. J. KENNY— U. L .'.... 9,149
v
SUPERVISORS.
; Republican. • -
JOHNF.AHEARN . . ... .... 7,817
GEORGE ALPERS . . . ... . . .1 8,159
PERCY BEAMISH . . . .'. . .... 7,833
FRED N. BENT . . ./. . ....... 8,214
CHARLES 80XT0N. . . . . . 10,519
WILLIAM H.C088 ....... ; .; 7,55$
THOMAS W. COLLINS .'¦ . ,. -.:. . 8,750
FREDERICK EGGERS ...... 9,531
TEST OF ITEW PROCESS
FOR SMELTING ORES
California Company Hopes to Revolu
tionize the Methods That Aire
Now in Use.
SAN DIEGO, Nov. s.— The plans of the
California Iron Company for the first
demonstration that the Trapp heating,
roasting and smelting furnace can turn
out pig iron from the ore in much shorter
time and at a much less expense than by
old processes are about completed. The
demonstration will be made on 100 tons of
ore from the Tepustete mines of Lower
California within two weeks.
The company has been incorporated in
Phoenix with a capital of $1,000,000, but
San Diego is given as its place of busi
ness. It is proposed to handle iron, cop
per, gold and silver ores — in fact, any ore
that has to be smelted. I For the furnace
it is claimed that with a plant costing
only one-tenth of what present smelters
cobt the smelting can be done at little
more than BO per cent of the present cost
of turning out the metal from the ore.
The one furnace now erected has a ca
pacity of about forty tons a day, and the
size of the njant can be increased simply
by increasing the number of similar fur*
races. The money is behind the com
pany for the erection of a large plant as
soon as the practicability of this first fur
r.ace is demonstrated.
Stops the Cough.
And works off the cold. Laxative Bromo
Quinine Tablets cure a cold in one day. No
Cure, No Fay. Price 25 cents. •
the streets and an occasional gathering
of a few of the adherents of the candi
dates. The day was a remarkably quiet
one, there being no disturbance of any sort
in any of the districts occupying that por
tion of the city beyond Twelfth street.
At every voting precinct in the Thirty
fourth, Thirty-fifth and Thirty-sixth dis
tricts most of the votes were deposited
early in the morning-. At noon quite a
number of voters gathered at the polls
and voted, and from this time until the
polls closed at 5 o'clock the boou.s were
never crowded. The number of ballots
cast in the Mission districts did not equal
the numbers party leadere predicted.
Unusual quiet marked the passing of the
day in the Forty-fourth and Forty-fifth
districts. The police had no occasion to
make arrests and there were but one or
two slight disturbances. In the Latin
quarter the heaviest portion of the vote
was placed in the ballot box before noon
and but few went to the polls after 3
o'clock. The vote on the whole was not
FRED'K FRANKENTHAL... 7,955
WILLIAM H. GEORGE 8,890
ALFRED LILIENFELD 8,778
JOS. S. NYLAND 8,665
FRED'K J. McWILLIAMS. . . . 8,078
WILLIAM OFFERMANN. . .. 7,6^5
GEORGE R. SANDERSON. ..11,477
CHARLES H. STANYAN. . , . 9,378
JAMES M. WILKINS 9,333;
HORACE WILSON 9,761
SUPERVISORS.
Democratic.
JAMES P. BOOTH 9,931
WILLIAM P. BOCK 7,069
H. U. BRANDENSTEIN 10,568
SAMUEL BRAUNHART .... 9,865
JAMES BUTLER 8,309
A. COMTE JR 10,204
JOHN CONNOR.. 9,641
PETER J. CURTIS 9,953
A. A. D'ANCONA 9,614
LAWRENCE J. DWYER 9,779
JOHN LANDERS 8,382
KNOX MADDOX 8,286
w. n. McCarthy 8,595
HENRY PAYOT 9,170
MAURICE V. SAMUELS.... 8,381
HENRY J. STAFFORD 8,775
OUTLINES LIBERAL POLICY.
Continued From Page One.
strongest Republican districts. I am proud
of the support I received from the inde
pendent Republicans and equally proud of
the splendid support given to me by the
free and untrammeled Democrats of the
city. I shall recognize the Union Labor
party, Republicans and Democrats, in the
appointment of men to fill places on the
several boards. Yet I am not bound by
any pledges, and shall recognize In the
fullest degree the non-partisan require
ments of the charter. Above all things I
desire the people to understand that I
shall not attempt to Inaugurate a class
administration.
"Although I have been attacked severe
ly and unjustly, I bear no malice toward
my detractors. I have no political or per
sonal enemies to punish."
The Mayor-elect said last evening that
he would leave the city in a few days for
two weeks' quiet sojourn in the country.
He prefers not to take the public into his
confidence regarding: the place of resort he
has in mind. He feels that he is entitled
to a rest and intends to take it on the
quiet.
Joseph S. Tobin said in an Interview
last evening when he was informed that
Mr Schmitz was elected Mayor:
As Americans we must all submit to
the good judgment of the people. The is
sue has been presented and we all hope
that the result will be increased prosper
»> y *2 our city .- To my successful rival,
Mr. Schmitz, I desire to extend my con
gratulations. I hope that his administra
large. Many of those qualified to vote did
not avail themselves of the opportunity.
When the count was commenced in the
Thirteenth Precinct of the Thirty-ninth
District an effort was made to rush it
through by tallying off a number of bal
lots at once. This confused the clerks and
after the count had progressed for about
an hour there were many serious dis
crepancies in the tally sheets.
A recount was commenced, but for some
reason the old difficulty again presented
itself. After a third attempt the mistakes
were rectified.
Discount Election Warrants.
Four warrant brokers stood in the hall
way in front of the Registrar's office last
night, buying up the warrants of elec
tion officers at a considerable discount.
They had large sacks of money with
them and succeeded in doing a big busi
ness.
LUTHER WAGONER 6,533
WILLIAM D. WASSON 6,612
SUPERVISORS.
Union Labor.
WILLIAM J. WYNN.... 9,901
JAMES C. AIRD 8,992
CHARLES HARCOURT 8,913
JOSEPH LYONS 8,997
CHARLES A. CALHOUN.... 8,915
JOHN COGHLAN 9,042
H. McKEVITT 8,747
GEO. B. McCLELLAN 9,202
RUDOLPH URBAIS 8,577
WINSLOWD. GETCHELL.. 8,635
THOMAS REAGAN 8,932
WASHINGTON KUGLER ... 8,895
JOHN M. MURPHY 8,823
EDWARD I. WALSH .. 9,120
JAMES A. BRIEN ....... 8,866
J. A. LYNCH. . . .. .... 9,203
THOMAS F. FINN. . . . fm 9,055
JOSEPH T. McENTEE.. ....... 8,314
POLICE JUDGES.
FRANK P. HAYNES— R 9,920
CHARLES A. LOW— R 9,801
ALFRED J. FRITZ— D 16,040
CHARLES T. CONLAN— D. . 15,566
tlon may prove a success. All my efforts,
however insignificant, will be directed to
that end. I trust that with the co-oper
ation of all good citizens the successful
candidate will bring much honor and
prosperity to San Francisco."
Olive Growers Organize,
LOS ANGELES, Nov. s.— Those engaged
in the olive Industry met to-day and or
ganized the Southern California Olive
Growers' Association. The objects are to
obtain organization of coast producers, to
maintain harmonious action on the part
of growers and to keep the grading,
branding and marketing of olives under
a single organization. The following di
rectors were elected: C. A. Washbum,
W. J, Hughes, A. R. Sprague, George L.
Arnold and Mrs. Ellen Vance. Officers
will be elected at a later date.
Jury Sworn to Try Considine.
SEATTLE, Nov. s.— The jury in the
case of the State vs. John Considine has
been sworn. The taking of testimony of
the State relating to the killing of William
L. Meredith, former Chief of Police of
Seattle will begin to-morrow. Counsel
for both the prosecution and the defense
profess satisfaction with the jury.
Fire in San Rafael
SAN RAFAEL, Nov. 5.— A fire that
started at 9 o'clock to-night destroyed
Grady & Gray's wood and coal yard on
Second and B streets. Several tons of
hay and two horses were lost. Walsh's
saloon caught fire, but was saved. The
loss is about $3000, partially insured
BOOTHS ARE SCENES
OF AMUSING STUNTS
Laughable Incidents Happen in the Heat of
the Most Peculiar Political Struggle This
City Has Seen for a Number of Years
"Lefty" Bannon Breaks Precedent by Fail
ing to Get Arrested and "Split-Lip" Col
lins Fails to Get His Usual Black Eye
ELECTION day tv a "hot blast
occasion" south of th« slot Over
in the Republican strongholds
the push began to mourn Herrln
and Colonel Dan early in the
game and the situation became
as funny as a crutch. Down
along the water front Andrew Furuaeth'a
sailors held high revel and spent the day
between the election booths and haunts
of the seductive steam. At midnight
many of them went to th© sailor board
ing-houses, got their clothes bags an<l
moved out into the neighborhood, of the
City Hall.
At North Beach the predominating ele
ment cast their ballot with the grusto o f
Standard Oil operators and then charged
into the nearest saloon to look at the
political situation through the bottom of
COURT STJSTATN9 THE LATE
FREDERICK YORDI'S WILL
Young Widow, of the Cloverdale Mer-
OVf.. chant Loses Her Contest
Suit.
SANTA ROSA, Nov. 6.— The Tordl will
contest came to a close her* this evening
when the Jury found a verdict upholding
the will and deciding against the propon
ent, Mrs. x Sarah J. Yordi. The Jury was
out but fifteen minutes. The . verdict was
brief and was to the effect that the will
of December 24, 1900. was not executed by
the deceased by reason of undue influence
The contest was over a will left by the
late > Cloverdale merchant, Frederick
Tordi, which bequeathed to his youn*
widow only a life insurance policy of
00 Mrs.. ordl alleged that unduV in
fluence had been brought to bear upon
ci ce s Sb ili nn nn d y " * P Chlldren dur^«
Chapelle Is Complimented.
ROME. Nov. 6.— The Voce Delia Verita
the organ of the Vatican, publishes a let
ter dated October 28. from the Pope to
Mgr. Chapelle. in which His Holiness re-
Jo^ at the excellent manner in which
in spite of the difficulties encountered'
Mgr. Chapelle has accomplished his ml*
son in. the Philippines, and highly ™m"
Eo£L him UP ° the results of his la"!
The Fanfulla announces that Mer Sbar
ettl, having been appointed apostolic de\"
egate to the Philippines, Mgr Chapelle"
will now resume the bishopric* of New Or
a beer glass. The warm belt of the Mis
sion became as hot a* a glass retort and
even the chilly precincts of th© Potrero
and South San Francisco were surcharged
with a torrid atmosphere that obviated
the necessity of side-stepping the bay
breezes to keep warm.
It was certainly a memorable election
day. Out in the Thirty-nrst "Lefty"
Bannon managed to slide through the day
without being "pinched" for voting dead
men, and down in the Twenty-eight "Split
Lip" Collin3 succeeded in doing his an
nual election stunt without getting a black
eye.
Warrant Clerk Johnnie Greeley was
called away from the booth on Second and
Bryant streets several times to get con
stituents out of jail for violating the 100
foot regulation and Larry Conlon spent
his time driving hackloads of challenged
voters out to the Registrar's office.
Sam Rainey held down his usual seat in
the Bush-street stables and nearly had an
attack of heart failure when the fire bell
rang about 4 o'clock.
Henry • Gallagher. Harry Brennan and
"Hot Air" Kelly drove down to the elec-,
tion booth on Harrison street, near
Fourth, about 4 o'clock in the morning |
and waited there until the polls opened
BO they could vote for Tobin before the
teamsters from, the Overland barn got out
of the stable.
In the Thirty-second a labor agitator
spoiled a ballot. One of the Inspectors
opened it up and found a cross behind the
name of every Democratic candidate from
the Mayor down to Police Judge.
A son of Erin stood outside an election
booth on Brannan street declaring his
principles to a crowd.
"Faith an' I'm .a Schmitz man," he
yelled at the too of his voice. "Sure, an"
he's wun iv our own kind iv people. Ha
hez a Ditch name, but his mother wuz a
Clare woman an' phawt is the loikes of
me doin' wid th' loiks iv Joe Tobin an'
hiz red coat, anyway." When he came
out of the booth one of the bystanders
asked him if he had voted for Schmitz.
"You kin bet yu're hod agin a clay
poipe I did," he said. "I put me little
chross behint th' name iv both Wells an'
Tobin!"
Eddie Graney had an opportunity to
blow off steam. Eddie spends his time
between elections listening. He is known
as the best listener in politics. Graney
will listen to any kind of political guff
fro^n the time-worn story of how Boas
Higgins used to manage things down to
the details of how Captain Crowe and Jim
O'Brien did the funeral stunt that mada
them political powers in the Thirty-first.
Yesterday Graney went from one booth,
to the other in the Thirty-eighth giving*
up his yearly horde of political gossip.
When the news that Schmitz was elect
ed spread through the south side last
night there was a general scramble to the
corner grocery stores. The proverbial can
worked overtime, and the ifs and the
ands and the whys and the wherefores
of the campaign were forgotten in the
inauguration of a session of jollification
that is quite likely to last a week.
FATE OF CORONADO
IN A JURY'S HANDS
Twelve Men Trying the Alleged Mur
derer Are Locked Up for
the Night.
SAN JOSE, Nov. s.— The fate of Nol
berto Coronado, charged with the murder
of Frank Narona at Almaden on July 28
last, is in the hands of a jury to-night.
Attorney W. A. Bowden finished his ar- I
gument for the defense this morning, and
District Attorney Campbell closed for the
people at 3 o'clock this afternoon. Judge
Lorigan then charged the Jury, which re
tired shortly before 4 o'clock to deliberate
upon a verdict. At 9:30 o'clock to-night
the jury had not agreed and was locked
up for the night.
The evidence against Coronado Is purely
circumstantial, but the prosecution has
made out a strong case against him. A
feature of the trial was the testimony of
eO Si Spesser, the convicted murderer*
i. ° n * r ff Farley of Monterey County,
who claimed Coronado had confessed to
him.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
-*"*- f V~*-J~*-»">.<-»*>_^.d— r^ >-> — — -. — — —
Eczema
W a X re^ dens toe skin, itches, oozes,
dries and scales !
Some people call it tetter, milk crust or
salt rheum.
. 116 Jeering from it is sometimes in-
tense; local applications are resorted to-
tney mitigate, but cannot cure.
It proceeds from humors inherited or ac-
quired and persists until these have been
removed.
Hood's Sarsaparilla
positively removes them, has radically
and permanently cured the wprst cases, and
is without an equal for all cutaneous
eruptions.
Hood's 1*11,1.3 are the beat cathartic. Price 23 cents.
§ DR. MEYERS & CO.
SPECIALISTS FOR MEN.
Established ISBI. Con-
sultation and private boo*
free at office or by mail. >
Cures guaranteed. .-•«
731 MARKET ST.
SAN FRANCISCO. OLU.ADVERTISEMENTS.
txliiim
AUCTION
SALE
.. OF ...
REAL ESTATE
The following choice and select list of
Improved and unimproved properties will
be sold for the heirs of the late Wiiliam
A. Piper, at our salesroom, Monday, No-
vember 11th. 1901, at 12 o'clock noon.
Sub.iett to confirmation by the Superior
Court. Oustave H. Umbsen. Sole Referee.
212 WASHINGTON STREET,
Bf cen Front and Davis streets. Im-
prsvements consist of frame building.
Rent WO per month. Lot 22x120 to Oregon
etreet.
712-714-716 KEARNY STREET,
Southeast corner of Merchant street.
lnrTrovemeiitß oonsist of a substantial
Th-ee-etory and basement brick building,
containing two stores and lodging-house.
Rents S3OO per month. Lot 40x68:9.
624 MARKET STREET,
Between Montgomery and Kearny. Im-
provements consist of a two-story and
basement brick building. Rent $375 per
month. Lot 20x80.
1450-1452-1454-1456 AND 1458
FRANKLIN STREET,
Southeast corner of Bush. This choice
•.ment consists of two corners with
five elegant two-story and basement
bouses or 14 rooms and bath each. Rents
$315 per rror. lii. Lot 120x114:6.
ALSO
Two desirable building lots 25x120 each.
Fronting on Bush 6treet and Fern avenue.
237-239-241-243 AND 245
THIRD STREET,
Northeast corner of Clementina street,
between Howard and Folsom streets. Im-
provements consist of frame building, con-
tairing six stores. Rents 5121 per month.
Lot fcoxlOo.
145M453-1455-US7AND 1459
FRANKLIN STREET,
Bov.towest corner of Bush street. Choice
Investment, consisting of two corners,
with five elegant two-story and basement
res.dences of 14 rooms and bath each.
Rents (350 per month. Lot 120x144:1.
1212 TO 1226 POLK STREET,
Southeast corner of Bush street. This
choice business property consists of two
comers and is close to the transfer point
of Butter and Polk Btreets. Improve-
ments consist of 8 stores and 3 fiats with
frame building. No. 1525 Bush street.
Rents 5331 per month. Lot 120x100. U..ree
frcr.taces.
219 FRONT STREET,
Between California and Sacramento
etrests. Improvements consist of a two-
etory and basement brick building. Rents
$140 per month. Lot 25x67:6.
25 AND 227 THIRD STREET,
Southeast corner of Tehama street.
Choice business corner. Consists of frame
improvements, containing store and flat
above. Rent $60 per month. Lot 30x80.
NORTHEAST CORNER SUTTER
AND GOUGH STREETS.
This choice corner would pay hand-
somely if properly improved. Lot 70x120.
Three frontages.
M'ALLISTER STREET,
Near junction of Market and Jones
streets. This choice business property
could be made to yield handsomely if
properly improved. Lot 123x87:6. Irreg-
uiar. i
CITY HALL AVENUE,
Between Leavenworth and City Hall
6o.ua.re. Two choice building lots. 25x100
each.
BUSH STREET, SOUTH SIDE, BE-
TWEEN LARKIN AND POLK.
Eight desirable and choice building lots,
2*xi:!o each. Two frontages. To be offer-
ed separately.
SOUTHWEST CORNER BUSH
AND LARKIN STREETS.
Four desirable building lots, consisting of
two corners, 27:6x30 and 35x112:6 each.
GIFT MAP NO. 3.
Elsl? street, west line, between Esmeralda
and Virginia streets. Lots 364-366-367 and
365. SJKH each.
POTRERO.
Portion of Block 520. Lot 200x200. Three
frontages.
in of Block 518. Lot 100x150. Two
frontages.
t Block 613. Lot 100x400. Three
Portion of Block 514. Lot 100x400. Three
iges.
Portkn of Block 441. Lot 100x400. Three
f Block 466. Lot 100x400. Three
Portion of Block 492. Lot 100x300. Two
_
Portion cf Block 475. Lot 100x300. Two
fron^ges.
Portion of Block 512. Lot 100x200. Two
For catalogue and further particulars,
apply to
' G. 11. UMBSEN & CO..
14 Montgomery St.
CELEBRATED LOOP OF THE WARSHIP BROOKLYN
A THEME IN ARGUMENT AT COURT OF INQUIRY
WASHINGTON, Nov. s.— The
time of the Schley court of
inquiry was devoted to-day to
hearing argument in the case
of Admiral Schley. Hanna
finished his argument in behalf of the
department, which had been begun yes
terday, and Captain James Parker began
but did not conclude his presentation of
the case for Admiral Schley.
Hanna to-day considered the retrograde
movement, the bombardment of the Colon,
the famous loop and the charge made
against Admiral Schley of disobedience of
orders. He had only reached the coaling
question when the court adjourned. Cap
tain Parker will conclude his speech to
morrow, when Mr. Raynor will begin.
SUMMING TIP BY LAWYEE^.
WASHINGTON, Nov. s.— Mr. Hanna con
tinued his argument when the Schley court of
INFLAMMATION
THE CAUSE OF NEARLY ALL SUFFERING
Dr. Halpruner's Wonderful Medicine Will Remove In-
flammation From the Body, No Matter in Which
Part It Is Located, Whether It Be in the Feet, the
Lungs, the Throat, the Head or the Hands. It's a Re-
markable Remedy.
The original meaning of the word "in-
flammation" Is to set on lire, to inflame.
Inflammation in the body is practically
the same as fire in the nouse — it means
that some part of your body is on lire —
the parts are ltd, inflamed, and general-
ly in pain.
For instance, catarrh in the head is in-
flammation of the mucuous membranes of
the nasal passages; sore throat is simply
inflammation in the throat; if you bruise
your linger with a hammer, inflammation
is immediately caused; if you have swol-
len, aching feet, you have Innammation
in the feet; if you have a cold in the head,
it is Inflammation, and a medicine that
will remove inflammation will cure your
complaint.
Halpruner's Wonderful Medicine is pre-
scribed and compound*! and put up to
rid the body of inflammation; it puts ouc
the inflammation, just the same as waiei
puts out the flames of tire. It is a medi-
cine that acts on the blood, the pores of
the skin and upon the whole system, giv-
ing it the strength and vigor sufficient to
assist it to work off and work out the in-
flammation, stopping the pain and curing
the disease.
Dr Halpruner spent many years of his
life studying the cause and cure for in-
flammation. He compounded his W onder-
ful Medicine to act upon the cause of dis-
ease and to remove that cause, and there-
fore cure the disease.
But it is not a medicine that will do any
one any harm, because it is made only
from vegetable matter. It is extracted
from roots, barks, blossoms, gums and
flowers— it is a medicine practically made
by nature and compounded in such por-
tions as to make a very effective and
quickly curing and instantly relieving
remedy.
"While many medicines have been com-
pounded to do this same thing, few have
been successful, few have been made in
the right manner to bring about a curs
required and desired. -•.««_*.
That Dr. Halpruner's Wonderful Medi-
cine is an effective cure is proven by th?
thousands of people who have received
beneficial effects from its use. In Dr. Hai-
pruner"6 office there are over 5000 names
of people who have used this medicine
with good results. If any one doubts that
this medicine will do as we claim,
they are at liberty to call at the office and
look over the names and write to any they
choose. We also have hundreds of testi-
monials voluntarily submitted, praising
Dr. Halpruner's Wonderful Medicine.
Cold in the Head.
If you have a cold in the head inhale the
vapor of the medicine for immediate re-
lief—take a teaspoonful in a glass of
water every two hours for a permanent
cure The most serious cold 6 have been
broken in less than a day by this treat-
ment " Honolulu. June 20, 1893.
Dr Halpruner: Please send me four bot-
tles of your medicine, $5. a bottle. I find it
plendid for colds and give it to all my
friends, and they alMike^t.^ rogTER
Catarrh.
Catarrh in the head is a perpetual cold
in the head, but Halpruner's Wonderful
Medicine will cure it if taken consclen-^
tlously and continuously. Most cases of
catarrh are of long standing and requitu
persistent treatment.
I have been afflicted with chronic catarrh
for many years. I have traveled all over
Europe. AEla and Africa. I have taken
many remedies and without avail, but since
I have taken Halpruner' s Wonderful Medi-
cine as prescribed I feel in good condition.-
My catarrh has entirely disappeared and
1 feel perfectly well, though past sixty years
of aze. wm de KRAFFT M D
Pacific aye., Alameda, Cal.
Rheumatism.
No matter how severe is your case, Hal-
pruner's Wonderful Medicine will give
you immediate relief and remove the
cause of your trouble. There never was v
medicine so well compounded and pre-
scribed to cure rheumatism as Halprun-
er's Wonderful Medicine. It is a wonder-
fully penetrating medicine, and once ap-
plied to the afflicted parts will remove
the pain, giving you the relief you ought
to have. If you will take it internally, as
directed, it will soon remove the cause
and free you from this annoying, painfui
complaint.
I have suffered with rheumatic pains for
some time and after having received a com-
pound fracture of the \eg suffered consid-
erably. I found Dr. Halpruner' 6 Wonderful
Pain Remover a satisfactory and immediate
cure, and I take great pleasure In recom-
mending it as a perfect family medicine.
MRS. R. R. THOMPSON.
1001 Van Ness aye., S. F., Cal.
Sore Throat.
Bore throat is a complaint that you can-
not permit to get the best of you. Do not
allow it to continue, expecting it to cure
itself. It will not do it. Unless treated
at once, the inflammation will continue to
spread until it affects the bronchial tubes,
and perhaps tho lungs, then you will have
a difficult time to got cured. Apply Hal-
pruner's Wonderful Medicine to the
throat at once, as soon as you feel the
slightest symptoms of soreness. Rub it in
well. It is a wonderfully penetrating
medicine, and enters the pores of the skia
and drives out the inflammation. Tako
a few doses imc-rnally to strengthen an 1
overcome the cause of disease. It oft-;
cures a serious case of sore throat in one
night.
Pan Francisco, October 1. Ml.
To the Public: I suffered with a Fevere
Fore throat fVir days after the opera of
•'Theodora " at the Tivoli Opera House. I
used Dr. Halpruner's Pain Remover as a
jrargle and to bathe my neck, and found in-
ptant relief; in fact. 1 was almost imme-
diately cured, and was able to continue my
role in the opera.
SIONORINA IDA VAL.EROA.
Prlma Donna Tivoli Opera House.
La Grippe.
When this disease was attacking the
people of this city some years ago, Hal-
pruner's Wonderful Medicine did more to
cure La Grippe tufferers than all the doc-
tors in San Francisco. It was the medi-
cine that jrave immediate relief, that gave
strength to the patients, and they were
£oon well and did not suffer the after ef-
fects. As soon as you feel La Grippe
HALPRUNER MEDICAL M'F<
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, NOVEMIiSII 6, 1901.
Hanna Concludes His Statement on Be
half of the Navy Department and
Admiral Schley's Counsel Begins
inquiry convened this morning. He took up the
question of the coal supply of the flying squad
ron, and from Uiat entered upon a discussion
of the blockade of Santiago, and the recon
naissance of May 31, when the Spanish ship
Colon was bombarded as she lay In the har
bor of Santiago. Hanna spoke in calm and
dispassionate terms and generally contented
himself with outlining his conception of the
purport of the testimony.
Admiral Schley reached the courtroom at an
early hour and his friends were gratified to
find that the severe cold with which he suf
ADVERTISEMENTS.
coming on, as soon as you feel a littie
dizzy in the head, your bones ache, your
appetite ceases and you begin to get out
of sorts with yourself, get Halpruner's
and take it as directed; take it conscien-
tiously and give it a fair, square trial, and
you will be relieved of the Grippe. The
following letter from a La Grippe sufferer
praises our medicine a great deal more
than we ever could.
Gentlemen: In the interest of those who
are Buffering from colds, neuralgia, la
jn-ippe. I want to say that I have used your
¦Wonderful Pain Remover with most excel-
lent results.
I went to New York in October, 1900, and
while there caught a severe attack of la
grippe. After suffeiing for several weeks I
returned to California, believing the change
of climate would cure me. It was a hard
trip out in the train and I suffered more
than ever and arrived in San Francisco a
very sick man. I purchased a- bottle of Hal-
pruner's "Wonderful Pain Remover and In-
haled the vapor of the medicine and also
took it* internally mixed with milk, and be-
gan to improve at once, and within a few
days was entirely cured.
Since that time we keep this wonderful
medicine in our house, for it Is a splendid
family remedy, and use it for most every-
thing. I would not be without a bottle of
Halpruner's Pain Remover.
F. T. B. MAJJN. 1733 Oak St., S. F., Cal.
Neuralgia.
Neuralgia comes quickly — comes by sit-
ting in a draught, riding on the dummies
of street cars, being caught in a shower
and sometimes from nervousness. Hal-
pruner's Wonderful Medicine will give
neuralgia sufferers the Immediate relief
they must have. Rub the medicine on the
afflicted parts, inhale the vapor, that will
give you instant relief; take two tea-
spoonfuls in a glass of water every hour,
and ir. less than two hours your neuralgia
will have disappeared.
Through the solicitation of a friend I was
induced to try a bottle of Dr. Halpruner's
Pain Re-mover and found it a remarkable
curative for rheumatic and neuralgic
pains. MRS. E. F. KING,
1501 Van Ness aye., S. F., Cal.
Swollen and Chilblain Feet
Lots of people think because Halprun-
er's "Wonderful Medicine is good for rheu-
matism and sore throat it cannot be good
for the feet. As we said in the first part
of this article, inflammation is the caus-
of sore throat, neuralgia, rheumatism and
nearly every other complaint, as well as
swollen and chilblain feet. Halpruner'g
Wonderful Medicine will remove the in-
flammation quickly, and when it does so
the pain and annoyance go with It.
Marshall, Marin Co., Cal.
Dr. Halpruner— Dear Sir: Please give two
$1 bottles of your highly beneficial Rheu-
matic Cure and Patn Remover to my young-
est brother, S. J. llaggetti. We have a boy
here who has suffered since childhood from
chilblains. The other day I applied your
Wonderful Medicine and two applications
cured him. He feels grateful to you for
your medicine cured him so quickly. Re-
spectfully yours,
ROMILDA G. MAGGETTI.
Removes Pain.
It drives it out of the body, removes the
cause of it and makes sick people wel!,
and is a medicine that should be in every
home for the thousands of little ills thai
come to the members of the household
unexpectedly at all hours of the day and
night. It is a medicine that should be
constantly on hand for Immediate use. It
is splendid for tootchache. headache, ear-
ache, cuts, bruises and burns; for flea
bites, mosquito bites.
Athletes Use It.
Halpruner's is good for a rubdown after
exercising; athletes use it, and, by the
way, those who use it are the ones who
most generally excel in athletic sports. It
makes the muscles supple and gives them
strength. It takes out stiffness and sore-
ness, and gives- the athlete the strength
he needs.
I know positively that Dr. Halpruner's
Wonderful Pain Remover is a medicine of
exceptional merit, for my family has used
it for many years. I would not make this
Ftatpment without a positive, personal
knowledge whereof I speak, for I do not
believe in recommending medicines without
merit. As a # family remedy good for catarrh,
sore throat, colds, headaches, cuts, bruises,
sprains, rheumatism, neuralgia, in fact,
what all good medicines are good for, I
ctrongly advise the ÜBe of Dr. Halpruner's
Wonderful Medicine.
» H. S. BRIDGE, Tailor,
632 Market St., S. F., Cal.
Trial Treatment Free.
Dr. Halpruner will give sufferers a trial
treatment free ervery afternoon except
Saturdays and Sundays, between 2 and 5
p. m.. at his office, at 28 California street
Dr. Halpruner is glad to have sufferers
come to see him. He charges nothing for
this service, and uses no other medicine
but Halpruner's Wonderful Medicine, be-
cause he know.-- it will cure; if it will not
cure your particular case, the doctor will
prladly tell you so. He wfll recommend tht
diet and mode r-f living you should follow
In order to give the medicine a better op-
portunity to quickly cure you. You art-
welcome to call at Dr. Halpruner's office
Do not think you are imposing upon hi:l
time or that he will charge you for it. Suf-
ferers who cannot come to the office ai ¦ =
requested to write, stating full particulars
of their case, fo the doctor may intelli-
gently inform them of the best method of
treatment.
All Druggists.
All druggists sell Halpruner's Wonder-
ful Medicine— soc and $1 a bottle— the dol-
lar size containing three times the quan-
tity of the small size. Some druggists
may try to taik you out of Halpruner':-.
Wonderful Meciclne— may tell you all
sorts of things about it— they simply want
to sell their own preparations— prepara-
tions made in their cellars or back room,
upon which they make large profits, ami
it is large profits rather than your good
health they care about.
If the druggists should not have Hal-
pruner's on hand, or should try to talk
you out of It, telephone to Bush 463 and a
bottle will be sent out to your house.
People living out of San Francleco de-
siring- Halpruncr's Wonderful Medicine, if
they cannot find it at their local dru,-?
stores, may send direct to us, and the
medicine will be sent prepaid upon receipt
of price.
i CO., 28 California Si., S. F.
fered yesterday had disappeared.
In opening Hanna briefly reverted to the
cruise of the flying squadron from Cientuegos
to Santiago for the purpose of showing ihat
neither the Vixen nor the Merrlmac had been
the cause of delay on the voyage. He con
tinued his discussion of the retrograde move
ment, saying that but one explanation had
been given for It in Admiral Schley's dispatch,
namely, the inadequacy of the coal supply, al
though in his testimony before this court Ad
miral Schley gave four reasons for leaving his
station off Santiago.
Hanna contended that while Commodore
Sehley was acting under the orders contained
in dispatch No. 8 when the retrograde move
ment began, May' 26, that order was superseded
by the dispatches delivered on the Brooklyn
May 27 by Captain Cotton, in command of the
Harvard, and in one of which it was said that
"All the department's information indicates
the Spanish division is still at Santiago de
Cuba," and to which the order was added:
"The department looks to you to ascertain
the fact that the enemy, if therein, does not
leave without a decisive action." Hanna took
issue with Admiral Schley that this was a
suggestion and not a mandatory order.
"So far from being suggestive, doubtful or
uncertain are. the terms of this order that they
approach the verge of reproof," said Hanna.
"Their Incisive distinctness is notable, so much
bo that I think few subordinate officers, had
they turned their backs on a task to which
they had been assigned, would care to have
received such a telegraphic order from a super
ior couched In such terms."
Hanna quoted Admiral Schley's dispatch of.
May 27, in which he expressed regret over not
being able to obey orders, saying that as tt
was written after the Cotton dispatch had been
leceived it was an explicit confession that the
Cotton telegram was an order. Commenting
upon this dispatch he declared that It was
"the most remarkable one to be found in the
annals of the American navy." He contended
that the repairs to the Merrimac could have
been made, as they were, without going to
Key West, and that the Texas was not in
severe straits for fuel. As for the Vixen, he
said, she was not a fighting ship and could
have been sent for coal. He asserted that the
weather waa rough only on May 25, and that
therefore Commodore Schley's assertion that
the weather had been boisterous was un
founded.
The speaker also controverted the statement
made In Schley's dispatch to the department to
the effect that "it is not possible to cruise to
the eastward of Cape Cruz in the summer on ac
count of the southwest winds," alleging that
the wind was not from the southwest. Quot
ing from the same dispatch "it Is to be re
gretted the department's orders cannot be
obeyed," Hanna said the action of Admiral
Schley in abandoning his station/ off Santiago,
thus, as he himself states, failing to obey the
department's orders, created grave anxiety in
our national councils. Taking up the coal sup
ply of the fleet as required by specifications of
the precept, Hanna said:
The Supply of Coal.
"From the story of the commanding and
other officers of the Brooklyn, the lowa, the
Massachusetts, the Marblehead and the execu
tive and other officers of the Texas, and from
the steam logs of those vessels, it would ap
pear that fully and completely as any fact
can be shown by evidence it has been estab
lished that the fiytng squadron was on May 27
1898, fairly well equipped with coal."
Specification No. 7 was next considered. This
requires an inquiry as to whether every proper
effort was made to capture the Colon as that
vessel lay in th<# harbor at Santiago, and re
ferring to it Hanna said:
"Certain cautionary orders, some cf them
confidential in their character, issued by the
department and printed In the records and
also in the appendix of the Bureau of Naviga
tion, have been cited as forbidding the expos
ure of vessels to the fire of batteries and as
Justifying Commodore Schley's conduct of the
so-called reconnaissance of May 31. Assuming
that the substance of these orders was com
municated to Commodore Schley by Admiral
Sampson at Key West on the 18th of May, 1898.
It Is clear that they have no application to the
conditions existing at Santiago on the 31st of
May."
Hanna then referred to the eighth specifica
tion of the precept, concerning the withdrawal
of the ships of the flying squadron from the
vicinity of the harbor at Santiago at night.
Of this be said:
"It does not appear from the testimony ad
duced before this court that the vessels of the
flying squadron were withdrawn from the en
trance to Santiaco harbor to a distance at sea,
and therefore the extent and character of such
withdrawal need not be discussed."
Taking uo the blockade of Santiago, Hanna
said he did not feel compelled to discuss it,
and therefore would content himself with out
lining the charge. He said that beyond the
Brooklyn's turn the battle was not involved In
the Inquiry. He quoted Captain Evans of the
lowa and Lieutenant Nicholson of the Oregon
to sustain the contention that the Texas came
to a stop. Thus, he argued, a battleship was
not only imperiled but delayed by the danger
of collision at this critical time.
After the noon recess Hanna continued his
remarks concerning the Brooklyn's loop, con
tending that it was not made to avoid the
Brooklyn's beinsr rammed, as there • v/as no
such effort at that time. He quoted Comman
der Wainwrlght's testimony to the effect that
the Brooklyn's turn left a gap for the escape
of the enemy.
Hanna also discussed the reported colloquy
between Commodore Schley and Lieutenant
Hodgson, which forms the tenth count in the
precej<t, in which Schley was reported to have
said during the turn, "Damn the Texas." This
remark. Hanna said, showed a lack of Inter
est in another ship of the fleet. He expressed
the opinion that there was much to suatain
Hodgson's recollection of this incident. He
also discussed the question of the correspond
ence between Admiral Schley and Lieutenant
Commander Hodgson on this subject. That
correspondence had been initiated by the ad
miral, said Hanna, and he made the point that
in his letters Hodgson had maintained the cor
rectness of his original position. With his re-,
marks ur>on this correspondence. Hanna con
cluded his speech at 2:30 p. m., having spoker.
about four and a half hours.
Captain Parker, Junior counsel for Admiral
Schley, then began his address In support of
Admiral Schley? ¦
"I doubt." said Carteln Parker, If the
naval history of the world presents or ever has
presented a case of the importance and char
acter of the case we have st long been en
caged UDon. I doubt if a tribunal more ex
alted In the character of the persons who com
pose it ever sat in Judgment UDon a
brother officer. I doubt if an officer with the
life-long cbaracler and standing and conduct
that Admiral Schley has always displayed was
ever called upon before to ask an investiga
tion of his conduct as a victorious commander
Continuing. Captain Parker compared this
ease with the charges at the battle of Luke Erie
Then there might have been some foundation,
but in this there was no foundation whatever.
He said the court had in Its wisdom presented
romrarison with other officers engaged in the
Santiago campatgn. "There is no accuser here."
he said, "nobody is on trial, and yet the case
has been conducted s*. though Commodore
Schley were on trial. We get, it." he went on.
"in the order of the argument now being made
here. We nre compelled tc consider the inquiry
as a trial."
Sampson's Orders to Schley.
Taking up the events of the campaign in
their sequence. Captain Parker spoke of the
interviews between Admiral Sampson and Com
modore Schley at Key West, saying that he
would not give Admiral Schley's testimony on
this point. He pointed out, however, that
Schley was not then Informed that the Spanish
fleet had left Curacao, notwithstanding Samp
son had been in possession of this information
for three or four days. He then quoted Samp
pon's orcWs to Schley tv proceed to Cienfuegos
and there establish a blockade, and quoted
Schley's testimony to the effect that Sampson
told him he had at that time no advices as to
the whereabouts of the Spaniard?.
Speaking of the cruise to Cienfuegos, Captain
Parker said it was inconsistent to criticise Ad
miral Schley for stopping to take Captain Ches
ter on board while at the same time criticising
him for not calling Captain McCalla aboard.
"We can't," he said, "blow hot and cold in
the same breath. The truth Is there was no
real delay in the voyage."
Reverting to the claim that Commodore
Schley had not made proper efforts to locate the
enemy at Cienfuegos, Captain Parker said that
the task of landing a boat on the coast was an
exceedingly dangerous one.
"There is no evidence." he said, "to show
that Captain Mc^alla made attempt to
s^nd his men on shore, except during his cable
cutting expedition, when the results were dis
astrous. He assumed, and rightfully assumed,
that Hie people there were enemies and he
acted accordingly."
As for the Cienfuegos blockade, he held it
was sufficient that no vessel had gone in or
out without permission. Admiral Schley had
taken all steps to ascertain if the enemy was
there. The question of the signal lights on
shore at Olenfuegns was also reverted to and
the speaker said it was certain thnt Commo
dore Schley had not known anything of their
significance until Captain McCalla arrived.
What earthly reason Captain Chad wick had for
not communicating the signals to him. Captain
Parker said, was beyond his comprehension. So
far as seen Chadwlck was the only person to
whom McCalla had communicated his code
Hence, if Chadwick had prepared the McCalla
memorandum it could very well be inferred, as
he had Information that no one else had. that
he would have regarded the memorandum in
a different light .from others who knew less.
"I contend," he said, "that up to this time
so far as the blockade is concerned, so far as
his conduct there is concerned, there is abso
lutely nothing to show by the testimony fn
this case of the slightest suspicion of fault to
be placed upon Commodore Schley."
i' ,• ;•,..•. .. . . — /. „ *
The speaker then read the "Dear Schley" let
ter of May ' 20, In which Admiral Sampson said
he had decided not to change his plans to hold
Cieniuegos, as he felt .that even if Cervera
had taken refuge at Santiago he must Inevi
tably i still 'go . to - Clenfuegoa, and commented
upon It at some length. He ¦ contended that
both this dispatch and No: 8 had been sent at
a later date. than had been suggested by the
naval ', officials. Sampson had, . he said, in
structed Schley to remain at Cienfuegos, not
withstanding the department's advice to pro
ceed to Santiago, .' and 'in No. 8 discretion hacf
plainly been given to Schley. i _'•
"Suppose," he said, "he had gone off and it
had been found that the Spaniards were there;
he would have been condemned, and justly, and
in '}. case :of : court-martial learned friends here
would have thundered against him. I say that
no criticism 'is- deserved for the commodore's
conduct at Cienfuegos." -- •
Taking up the question of the progress of
the flying squadron from Cientuegos to San
tiago, . Captain Parker said if any one Would
take the trouble to look at the logs of the
ships it will be seen that there is nothing in
that charge. . . •
"I'preier to take what the officers wrote at
the tune rather than what they say now."
Parker claimed that In the passage from
Cientuegoa to Santiago the speed of the slow
est vessel of the squadron must be the speed
of > the squadron. It would not have been the
common sense idea of the situation he said, to
have abandoned the collier and make all speed
lor Santiago. . \ , .
¦ Captain Parker also • commended Commodore
• Schley' s conduct of the cruise to Santiago. He
said he . had acted according to the dictates
of his best judgment— a judgment which, the
captain said, was better than that of less ex
perienced officers," an experience which had been
gained ¦in ; command "under circumstances of
every nature. In the Arctic, around both eapes,
on every sea and under every sun. He was
at least ias likely to be as correct as those
young . officers who for the first time in their
lives were given command of a small boat."
Taking the fleet to the southward from San
tiago, May 26, Captain Parker detailed the
meeting with the scout boats - and said that
the condemnation of the commodore for not
communicating with Captains Jewel and Wisa
was puerile. ' . , .
"Air that Wise had to do," he said, "was to
signal that he had important information and
he would have been asked to come on board.
It is the business, the clear duty, of any sub
ordinate officer to make known to his superior
any information he may Mb. ye."
-; In - the - absence of . information by the cap
tains of . the Yale and Minneapolis Captain
Parker held Commodore Schley had a right to
suppose that Captain Sigsbee had given all
the information to be had from the scouts.
Captain Parker said that officer was "curiously
blind, not purposely blind, but curiously blind.
He not only had not been able to find out
anything about the Colon, but when she was
there and in plain sight on May 25, a clear,
bright day, when 'Sigsbee was off the harbor
he failed to see her. This is to me one of
the mysteries of the campaign."
' Commodore Acted Wisely.
j Continuing, he said that with the Information
given Schley had acted wisely in turning back
to Key "West. "Whether he acted wisely and
his judgment was sound is for you, gentlemen
of the court, to say, not with the information
that has come since, but with the light that
the commodore had at that time." •
Going back to the cruise to Cienfueeos Cap
tain Parker referred to the sending away of
the Eagle. - He said that Commodore Schley
had not sent that vessel away from choice,
but because of his great " need for auxiliary
cruisers. Captain Parker referred to the dis
patch from the department received by the
Harvard at Mole . St. Nicholas. May 26.
"Proceed at once and Inform Schley and also
senior officer present off . Santiago de Cuba,"
he read from the dispatch. "That -dispatch
does not 'contemplate at all that Admiral
Schley Is at Santiago," he continued. "It Is
to Inform Commodore Schley and also the com
manding 'officer off Santiago. So that at that
time. the department evidently did not contem
plate that Commodore Schley had arrived at
Santiago, and yet we have heard it said he
was due there on the 24th."
. Quoting frqm the dispatch Captain Parker
read: "The department's information Indicates
the Spanish division is still at Santiago."
"Is there anything positive about that?" he
asked. "If the department had chosen to Bay
that the Spanish squadron was at Santiago,
that would have been another thing, but it did
not say that. There were still some doubts
apparent in the mind of the department on that
subject."
Referring at -this point to the testimony of
Captln Sigsbee. Captain Parker said it was not
necessary to, impeach anybody's veracity. "But
slippery memory, after all these years, is a
very unsa/o . thing to go by." he ' continued,
"and the/memory of four or five persons as to
what' Sigsbee said is better than that of Sigs
bee. I think the court can be sure that Cap
tain Sigf-bee did say to Commodore Schley when
he came aboard the Brooklyn that 'the Dons
are not, there.' " ;
Again quoting from the dispatch, Captain
Parker read: . ¦¦ ...
"The department looks to you to ascertain
facts."
"Did not the commodore ascertain facts?"
he asked. " "And that the enemy therein does
not • leave without decisive action' " he- con
tinued, reading. /"Well, was there not decisive
action?" he asked. "The poor old Spanish ad
miral came out with his tiags flying . gaily at
his mastheads on that Sunday morning and be
fore 1 o'clock of that day he saw his ships on
the beach burning, blowing up and all de
stroyed. He came on board the American ship
without shoes for his feet or. hat for his head,
in a pair of drawers and an undershirt. De
cisive action! Was there anything that was
more decisive than that?"
• Captain Parker then took up Commodore
Schley's dispatch forwarded by the Harvard
and defended the position - taken by the com
modore in that message. He then referred ti
the sentence In which the commodore informed
the department that he had been unable to
obey orders, "earnestly as all have striven."
If a subordinate informs us that he is unable
to obey . orders we -do not charge him with
disobedience. We censure him for bad judg
ment, but for nothing more serious.' Failure
under such circumstances is not always diso
bedience. We can all look back and see how
we could have done differently. "Now I say
that Commodore Schley never had any orders.'
It was merely a suggestion as to what he did
do. He was to find out if that squadron was
there and to see that it did not leave without
a decisive action. Even if it is true that the
commodore committed gross errors of - Judg
ment, ¦ which I do not admit, he had no motive
but to do his whole duty, as from the begin
ning be has always done it, no more, no less.".
¦ Concluding his remarks for the day, . Captain
Parker said:.
; "That brings us to a discussion of the so
called . reconnaissance, which I think can be
summed up in a very few words. We have had
the Information of all the gentlemen who were
clothed with no responsibility in the case that
they -could" and they would, etc., etc. Well,
perhaps they would, undoubtedly ' they could
nave gone in, -the whole of them, and risked
the. ships and been called fools for their pains.
They might have come out successful, they
might have done something to the Colon which
was. not done; they might have sunk her. I
do not think that Is In the least probable.
There, is one little Incident about this matter.
We are . permitted to get up to the Ist of June
and" we see by : the log of the Colon / that she
was there. until 1:35. At 7 o'clock l/i the morn
ing, the commander, in chief. Admiral Sampson,
came there and the Colon was pointed out to
him. . and I there . she lay for four hours and a
half without a. gun being fired at her. I am not
blaming anybody for this. ¦
"The exercise of the slightest judgment,"
the ¦ speaker said, when the clock struck four. .
"Time's up," said Admiral Dewey. and with
out giving the captain an opportunity to con
clude : the sentence the court adjourned.
Schley Will Visit Knoxville.
KNOXVILLE. Term.. Nov. 5. — President
Lockett of the Knoxville Chamber of
Commerce called upon Admiral Schley in
Washington to-day and prevailed upon
him to accept the invitation to visit
Knoxville. Dewey and Hodgson person
ally urged Admiral Schley to accept.
Prize Money for I>ewey.
WASHINGTON, Nov. s.— Justice Brad
ley, sitting as a United States District
Court to-day, signed a decree of condem
nation and distribution in connection with
the libel in prize instituted by Admiral
Dewey on behalf of himself and the crew
of the United States naval force taking
part in the bat£le of Manila bay. It sets
forth the prize property and directs that
upon ascertainment of the value of the
property condemned as prizes the Secre
tary of the Navy shall deposit an amount
equal thereto with the United States
Treasurer subject to the court's order.
It Isn't True
That pretty pictures are expensive. With
one of our new Premo, Poco or Eastman
cameras you can, at a little cost, collect
views that will be more precious a3
souvenirs than the most costly master
pieces. Sanborn, Vail & Co., 741 Market
street. •
No Change of Venue Allowed.
CHICAGO, Nov. o.— Judge Hanecy form
ally denied a motion for a change of
venue to-day in the contempt proceedings
against Hearst's Chicago American and
on joint agreement adjourned the further
hearing of the case until Thursday. For
mer Governor Altgeld. attorney for the
defendants, tiled exceptions to the venue
decision.
Gfives Permanent Relief
To sufferers of Gout, Prostatitis, Debility,
Chronic Rheumatism, Incipient Dropsy,
Languor, etc. Wolfe's Schiedam Schnapps.
At all first class druggists' and grocers.' •
•-.": c W DR. XILMEB'S SWAMP-BOOT. * '
DO NOT NEGLECJ
' ~" J .v YODR KIDNEYS
llllii IVBillMiviiN
1 V U ll 1111/ 11 JJ 1)J
Because if Kidney Trouble Is Permitted to
Continue Fatal Results Are Sure to Follow.
Hißißilllilfiii!
Thousands Have Kidney Trouble and Never Suspect It.
To Prove What Swamp-Root, the Great Kidney Remedy,
Will Do for YOU, Every Reader of "The Call" May
. Have a Sample Bottle Sent Free by Mail.'
m .
. ¦ I*-" 1 *¦-"•  ¦ ' • '"-.:- •
Weak and unhealthy kidneys are responsible for more sick-
ness and suffering than s any other disease; therefore, when
through neglect or other causes, kidney trouble is permitted to
continue, fatal results are sure to follow. '•
It used to be considered that only urinary and bladder troubles
were to be traced to the kidneys, but now modern science proves
that nearly all diseases have their beginning in the disorder of
these most important organs.
Your other organs may need attention — but your kidneys most,
because they do most and need attention first. .
If you are sick, or "feel badly," begin taking Dr. Kilmer's
Swamp-Root, the great kidney, liver and bladder remedy, because
as soon as your kidneys are well they will help all the other organs
to health. A trial will convince any one.
The mild and Immediate effect of Dr. water frequently night and day, smarting
Kilmer's Swamp-Root, the great kidney or Irritation in passing, brick-dust or sed-
and bladder remedy, Is soon realized. I; lment In the urine, headache, backache.
stands the highest for Its wonderful cures lame back, dizziness, sleeplessness, ner-
of the most distressing cases. Swamp- vousness, heart disturbance due to bad
Root will set your whole system right, kidney trouble, skin eruptions from baa
and the best proof of this Is a trial. blood, neuralgia, rheumatism, diabetes,
14 W>st 117 th St New York ritv bloating, irritability, wornout feeling, lack
14 West ll.th St.. New^Tork^Clty^ of amDltlon> loaa of flesh) sa ow complex-
"Dear I had been -suffering: severely lon > or Bright's disease.
from kidney trouble. r All symptoms were on If your water when allowed to remain
hand: my former strength and power had left undisturbed in a glass or bottle for twen-
me; I could hardly drag myself along. Even ty-four hours, forms a sediment or set-
my mental capacity was giving out. and often tling or ha 3 a cloudy appearance. it ; 3
I wished to die. !it was then I saw an ad- evidence that your kidneys and bladder
vertlsement of yours in a New York paper, but need immediate attention.
would not have paid any attention w t h U had « V<>u have the slightest symptoms n{
it not' promised a sworn guarantee with every . " J ol i na ,^i"^"^!® «- ?4 ™£ ,~
bottle of your medicine, asserting that your kidney or bladder trouble or if there is a
Swamp-Root is purely vegetable, and does not trace of it in your family history, send at
contain any harmful drugs. lam seventy years once to Dr. Kilmer & Co.. Binghamtor.
and four months old, and with a good con- N. V.. who will gladly send you by mail,
science I can recommend Swamp-Root to all immediately, without cost to you. a sam -
Eufferers from kidney troubles. Four members pie bottle of Swamp-Root aniia book con-
of my family have been using Swamp- Root for taining many of the thousands upon thou-
four different kidney diseases, with the same sands of testimonial letters received from
good results. With many thanks to you, I re- men an( women cured. Be sure to say
main, very truly y°*"- SERVER " that yOU read this Sfenerous offer In th- •
ROBERT BERNER. San . anci3Co Daily Call.
You may have a sample bottle of this Swamp-Root is pleasant to take and is
famous kidney remedy. Swamp- Root, for sale the world over at druggists In
sent free by I'mail,1 ' mail, postpaid, by which you bottles of two sizes and two prices —
may test Its virtues for such disorders as cents and one dollar. Remember the
kidney, bladder and uric . acid diseases, i namo. Swamn-Root, and the address,
poor digestion, when obliged to pass your ' Blnghamton, N. Y.
Improvements for Pasadena.
PASADENA. Nov. s.— The City Council
this morning passed a resolution of its in
tention to call an election for bonding the
city to place public parks and build a
new city hall, a new jail and a new fire
department^ The total amount of the bond
issue will be $300,000. The present Mayor
and Council were elected last spring, under
the new charter and pledf?ed themselves
to these vast improvements.
Frost Damages Cotton Crop.
DALLAS, Tex., Nov. s.— Reports from ;
points in Texas show that there was frost
last ninht. This practically ends the top
crop of cotton in Northern and Central
Texas.
The Sale of Those Relics o! the
CIVIL WAR
That we called your attention to in our Sunday's
advertisement are in full swing, and you ought
to see how the people buy them. Many of our
patrons talcing as many as 6 to 10 guns,
r THERE ARE THOUSANDS OLD
U. S. RIFLES,
; V ; ;- Carbines and Revolvers
here for ypu to choose from ; weapons upon which, the fate
of our nation ona depended and around which hover a
halo of historic* 1 - reminiscences' that miks them to
patriot? and collectors a prized possession. •
FOR PURPOSES OF DECORATION
the old dogs of war are especially valuable , particularly be-
cause the supply is limited and can never agaiibe replaced.
Come and See the Greatest Collection of
WAR RELICS
ever shown in San Francisco. Some of these guns cost ths
U. 5. GOVERNMENT
as high a* thirty dollars o*»eh t and yon, can bwy them at the
unheard of low price of $ I.To , with 20 cartridges thrownin
HOME DEFENSE. SPORTING, . TARGET. 4TH OF JULY
g£^;S^HUNTIN£ : DECORATING.
c Never Again Such a Grand Opportunity. .-
W.S. KIRK, 517 Market St.
Million Dollars for Trains.
CHICAGO. Nov. 3.— Orders have been
given by the Northwestern management
for a complete new equipment for the
overland limited. This necessitates the
purchase of ten entire trains, from th«
engine to the baggage Cars, at an ex
pense of approximately $1,200,000. This l»
said to be the largest order ever given
for such equipment.
Railroad Purchase 13 Confirmed.
MOBILE. Sow 5.-President Merrill
of the Mobile, Jackson and Kansas City
Railway confirms the reported purchase
by that road of the Kingston and Misst
sippi Central Railroad.
34
FIRST NEWS OF SCHMITZ' SWEEPING VICTORY IS FLASHED FROM THE DOME
OF THE CALL BUILDING TO THE WAITING THOUSANDS THROUGHOUT THE CITY
TREMENDOUS CROWD
CHEERS THE VICTOR
Men, Women and Boys Throng the Streets
and Give Full Vent to Their Enthusiasm
When Red Light Illuminates the Sky
Feeling Becomes Infectious and Republicans
and Democrats Join in Acclaiming the
People's Choice for Mayor of This City
IT any en* harbored the delusion
that the people of San Francisco
were not interested In the election
returns a view of Market street last
night would speedily have dispelled
It. Fully 20,000 men, women and
boy* risked their bones in a crush
which a squad of fifty policemen sought
in vain to prevent The crowd was out
to hear the tidings of victory for the for
tunate candidates, and they good natured
ly suffered all the Inconveniences which
the participation In a popular demonstra
tion of the kind necessarily inflicts upon
Individuals.
By far the majority of the mass of peo
ple that was congregated before The Call
and other newspaper offices at the Inter
section of Market, Kearny and Third
streett was in sympathy with the Union
Labor ticket. This was amply demon
strated by the cheers that greeted every
bulletin flashed on the screens which told
the story of Schmitz's victory. Those
whose sympathies were with Wells and
Tobin refused, however, to admit defeat
for their favorites until the various sig
nals of red, white and green flashes con
ceded the election of the Union Labor
standard bearer to the Mayoralty, and
thereby removed the last lingering doubt
Red fire was burned on the dome of The
Call building. Then, suddenly, the pic
ture of Eugene E. Schmitz was flashed
on the screen attached to The Call build-
Ing and beneath the portrait were the
•words, "Our next Mayor." The Wells
and Tobin partisans then resigned them
selves to the Inevitable, but they did not
return to their homes. They were de
sirous of learning the latest intelligence
the bulletins could impart. From 7 o'clock
until after midnight the crowd ebbed and
flowed unceasingly. It was a demonstra
CAPTIVE WOMEN
ARE STILL SAFE
Miss Stone and Com
panion Reported in
Good Health.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL BUREAU. 1406 G STREET, N.
¦W.. WASHINGTON, Nov. s.— Official
doubt as to the safety of Miss Stone, the
American missionary held captive by the
Bulgarian brigands, was swept aside to
day when authentic information reached
Secretary Ifay showing that she is alive
and well. Her companion, Mrs. Tsilka,
is also in good health. No definite plan
has been agreed upon for the payment of
the ransom and the delivery of the wo
men — In fact, the brigands have not yet
decided to aoceDt -$66,000, the sum now
available, insisting that they must receive
$110,000. As it is unlikely that any greater
sum than that on hand will be raised,
Mr. Eddy and Mr. Dickinson have In
formed Miss Stone's abductors that the
original ransom demanded cannot be paid.
SOFIA, Bulgaria, Nov. s.— United States
Consul General Dickinson returned from
Samakov to-day. He authorizes tne
statement that he is satisfied both Miss
Ellen M. Stone and her companion, Mme.
Tsilka, are alive and well treated.
Dickinson's return is not due to any In
terruption in the exchange of communi
cations with the brigands, which are still
going on.
It has been ascertained that the band
Intended to kidnap Mr. House, a mission
ary at Salonika, at the same time as Miss
Stone, but the design failed.
Two flays before Miss Stone was ab
ducted brigands fired five shots at a gen
darme near Raslog. and the local authori
ties, knowing there were bandits In the
neighborhood, should have supplied an es
cort.
POETO SICANS CHEEK
FOB, GOVERNOR HUNT
Federals, Who Were Opponents of the
Government, Join in the
Ovation.
SAX ICAlff, P. R.. Nov. s.— Governor
Hunt started yesterday on a four days'
tour of the Island. He received enthusi
astic ovations from crowds of people at
all the towns he visited, members of
both parties turning out. particularly the
Federals, who were formerly bitter op
ponents of the Government. The Governor
was met with processions, consisting of
ecoree of coaches, midway between towns
This Is the beet indication that Governor
Hunt has the good-will of the people.
Educational Commissioner Brumbaugh,
FIGPRUNE
CereaJ
The scientific blending of
California figs and prunes with
carefully selected grain makes
A perfect cereal coffee
of delicate flavor and
fragrant aroma.
A delicious beverage having
all the satisfying qualities of
coffee and tea.
Boil from
sto io ABEST\
B| X' (cereal)
all Vcorrecy
GROCERS.
tion which will not soon be forgotten by
those who contributed their presence to
make It memorable.
First Returns All for Schmitz.
The first precincts heard from were
from the districts south of Market street.
They Bhowed an almost two-to-one vote
for Schmitz. In many instances Schmitz
polled twice as many votes as his oppo
nents' combined votes. The bulletins con
veying this information were invariably
given publicity first by The Call, and it
was before The Call screens that the bulk
of the crowd was congregated. The Schmitz
people in the crowd cheered each suc
ceeding bulletin over and over again. The
Wells and Tobin supporters could scarce
ly give credence to the authenticity of
the figures presented. At first they deem
ed the returns erroneous, but this impres
sion was fast removed as bulletins fol
lowed one another with the same story
of Union Labor pluralities all along the
line in Democratic districts. The faith of
the Wells and Tobin men was at 9 o'clock
pinned to the Republican districts, in
which It was hoped Wells would gain a
lead with pluralities which would soon
overcome Schmitz's strides south of Mar
ket street Even this hope was shattered
later, when The Call bulletins showed
that in the stronghold of the Republicans,
as well as in Democratic precincts,
Schmitz held his own. All hope was
abandoned at 10 o'clock, when it was
whispered among the crowd that Maurice
Asher, chairman of the Republican Coun
ty Committee, had conceded the election
of Schmitz. When the bulletin express
ing the statement of the Registrar that
Schmitz's election was a certainty ap
peared a mighty shout arose. A new
hero of the people had been found and
who Is with the Governor, Is opening new
schools en route.
*• Dix . the acting treasurer. Is in the
Military Hospital. He has been operated
upon for appendicitis and his condition Is
serious.
Kaiser Praises His Troops.
BERLIN, Nov. 5.-Emperor William has
isued an army order expressing the warm
est appreciation of the work of the troops
in China, who have "added fresh laurels
to the ancient glory of the German arms."
a- - s. •* — --.¦ -: '
Fire Destroys a Courthouse.
LIVINGSTON, Ala., Nov. s.— Fire which
broke out In the store of W. S. Gully to
day destroyed the county Courthouse- and
eight storeß. The loss is 1100,000.
IMMENSE CROWD CHEERS THE CALL'S ELECTION RETURNS AND SIGNAL OF THE RESULT.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 6, 1901.
SIGNAL OF THE RESULT FLASHING FROM THE CALL BUILDING DOME.
hls followers were ready to bow down be
fore his shrine and hail him. as a Moses
come from the wilderness to save them.
Wells Men Regain Hope.
Men of wealth stood beside sturdy sons
of toil, and did not disdain to argue the
issues of the hour with them. When a
Schmitz bulletin told the story of his ad
vancement to the front with a particu
larly favorable showing, the Schmitz
sympathizers cried out, "Give It to 'em,
Schmitz."
When a bulletin showed Wells to be In
the lead In some Republican precinct the
same men would yell, "We expected that.
It's no use though. Wells can never re
gain his lost ground." For Tobin there
were few who had aught save kind words
to say In his behalf. The manly battle
waged by Tobin throughout the cam
paign evoked admiring- comments on all
sides, and his hopeless defeat awakened
the sympathy of all save those radical
men who see no virtue In the opponents
of the men whose cause they have es
poused.
Shortly after 10 o'clock the bulletins be
gan to show gains for Wells, and the ad
herents of that gentleman began to dis
play unwillingness to admit his defeat un
til the very last vote was counted, and
their hopes reviving. An occasional cheer
could "be heard when a Wells bulletin was
displayed. But a moment later, a Schmitz
bulletin would tell another story, and
then the Union Labor men would make
the welkin ring with their shouts. Still,
for some time the filial result waa doubt
ful. At one time Schmitz was losing
ground, and at another Wells was closing
the gap between himself and his youth
NO DISORDER MARKS
THE DEMONSTRATION
Wells' Chances Grow Brighter as Night
Advances, but the Labor Leader's Ad
vantage Is Too Great to Be Overcome
Scenes Are Almost Unparalleled in the History *
of the City and Good Nature Reigns
Around the Various Bulletin Boards
ful rival for Mayoralty honors. The
crowd grew feverish. The first reports
pointed to Schmitz as a sure winner, and
later "Wells began to forge to the front.
It was a time for speculation, and men
speculated freely. Hundreds left for their
homes at 11 o'clock with the conviction
that while the indications at that hour
pointed to Schmitz as :he next Mayor,
the result would not be definitely known
until the last precinct had been heard
t..t..t..»..»-f..t..t_.t..t..t..»..t-t. t f f f f..T..T.t»s>
OLD RECORDS
TO BE BURNED
Documents of the Sailing
Navy Must Be De
stroyed.
Spec Hal Dispatch to The Call.
CALL BUREAU. 1406 G STREET, N.
W., WASHINGTON. Nov. 5.-Rear Ad
miral Bowles, Chief Constructor, has
taken measures which will result In the
destruction of many documents bearing
upon the history of the sailing navy of
the United States.
For eighty years plans of old vessels,
reports ana specifications, list 3of con
struction stores and papers descriptive of
every foot of live oak cut on Government
reservations for men-of-war have accu
mulated in the Construction Department
and have filled up all the room available.
The needs of the modern navy are such
that It is imperative that space shall be
provided for reports and other documents
relating thereto. Rear Admiral Bowles
has therefore directed the transfer to the
navy yard of something like 35,000 plans
which will be stored in a fireproof vault
at that point.
Reports and documents relating to mat
ters which can never arise again will be
put aside for destruction. Before they
can be disposed of It will be necessary
under the law for Congress to appoint a
committee of Senators and Representa
tives to examine them.
Frozen in a Cornfield.
SIOUX CITY, lowa, Nov. 5.— J. 1»
Schroeder, living near Pocahontaa, lowa,
disappeared last Saturday. His frozen
body waa found to-day In a cornfield only
a few hundred yards from his home.
from and the final footing up of th*
semi-official returns made.
ADVEB.TISEMITNT3.
Gpquem^Jfb
The "^^^^^^
H»O Co's FARINA
is the best of old-
[is the best wheat I
fashioned wheat
I foods, being spe- (
y\cifically the \
j? whole of the :
Em wheat half way ifc
a on its journey to |
$ the flour .- barrel. :I ¦
: | MS* See that you get y£
W The H-0 Co.'s 1
! hL farina J-'JR.J -'JR.
Wk if yo ' v i 6
j&fjljl want the iw^
JQJ best. tL^f
STATEMENT
. . "'^- OP" THE — — . .
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
— or th» —
Northern Assurance
(laairporttai 1335-P»eisa Cant 1353)
COMPANY
OF LONDON, ENGLAND. ON TH» «IST
day of December, A. D. 1900, and for th*
year ending on that day, as made to the In-
surance Commissioner of the State of Califor-
nia, pursuant \to the provision* of sections U. 9
and 611 of the Political Code, condensed as per
blank furnished by the Commissioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid op
In Cash 8.500.000 00
ASSETS. . ' .
Real Estate owned by Company.... 53.494.660 SI
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages...... 1. 337.890 10
Cash Market Value of all Stocks ~- i
and Bonds owned by Company.... 18. 331, II
Amount of Loans secured by pledge
of Bonds. Stocks and other mar-
ketable securities as collateral.... 1.084.341 80
Cash in Company's Office *,M 0 71
Cash In Banks 421.303 «1
Interest due and accrued on ; all
Stocks and Loans .'.... 115,151 1?
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages M, 310 31
Premiums in due Course of Collec- ¦¦ "!.
tion 133,253 25 ,
Bills receivable, not Matured. . taken
for Fire and Marine Risks 78,479 7* .
Rents due and accrued 5,954 11
Stamps :.... 1.179 OS
Reversions owned by the Company.. 1.749.C1S M
Due from other Companies and from
Agents »44.« a «
Total Assets .m.**,m. 7»
LIABILITIES. '
Losses adjusted and unpaid 1]
Losses in process of Adjustment ;
or in 5u5pen5e............ . $3*0,150 M
Losses resisted. • including ex- <
penses ( I
Gross premiums on Fire risks run- |
nlng one year or less. » ; •
reinsurance 50 per cent '
Gross premiums on Fire Risks 1,880,774 41
running more than one year, .<-=..
' | ; reinsurance pro rats,... '
Liability under Life Department.... U,674,M7 94
Bills payable „ 31,51473
Cash dividends remaining unpaid.. 14 104 29
All other Liabilities 163,134 33
Total Liabilities .9J3,085,34«~7t
INCOME. =====
Net cash actually received for Tin .
premiums $17tL$4S U
Net cash actually received for Lir* .
premiums 1.324,133 43
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds. Stocks. Loans and from
alt other sources XI.MI S3
Received for Rents 50,233 4*
Received from all other sources.... 174,733 79
Total Income .....86.482,315 13
EJU»E>TDnTTRES. ' ~—^^— —
Net amount paid for Fire Losses
(including $ , losses of pre- :¦'.-..
vious years) $3, 152, JU 33
Net amount paid for Life Losses
(Including $ , losses of pre-
vious years) ;.. 1.370, $41 «7
Dividends to Stockholders « 449143 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or .
Brokerage G7 507 83
Paid for Salaries, Fees and other '
charges for officers, clerks, .etc... 743.J77 «
Paid for State, National and Local
taxes .;..... ... „ 108,873 »4
All other payments and expendi- 7.
ture" 153.344 M
. Total Expenditures ............... 83.704,025 03
Losses Incurred during th* year.... 82.033.943 25
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the
HS "mount of" *. «-**'«"'«* *™W- »
expired during the
ye» r ••••"•;••; U78.t77.409 3,«7,517 50
Net amount in force
December 31. 1900... 818.891.942 2.507.899 23
ERNEST CHAPLIN. Chairman.
_ . , H. E. WILSON. General Manager.
Subscribed andsworn to before me, this nth
day of April, 1901.
• H. O. BISHOP, Notary Public
PACIFIC COAST DEPARTMENT. ,
21 SAN SOME STREET,
 San Francisco.
GEO. F. GRANT - - -•• Manager,
. San Francisco Office, 209 Sansonw Street.
H. C. AHPEL & CO., Agents.REFORM FORCES OF GREATER NEW YORK ADMINISTER A CRUSHING DEFEAT
TO THE TAMMANY TIGER IN A MOST INTERESTING BATTLE OF THE BALLOTS
SETH LOW WINS
MAYORALTY OF
GREATER GOTHAM
Former President of Columbia
Leads the Republicans to
Victory in New York City
Throughout the State Demo
crats Are Beaten, Van Wyck
Running Behind His Ticket
NETV TORK, Nov. s.— Seth Low,
former president of Columbia
University, end four years a&J
the Citizens' Union candidate
for the first Mayor of Greater
New York, was elected to-day
the second Mayor of Greater
•few York by a plurality ranging any
mhere from 80,000 to 40,000, defeating Ed
ward M. Shepard of Brooklyn, the Dem
ocratic nominee. The campaign was an
exciting one, and the vote, though some
what lese than in the Presidential election
b. year ago, was the largest ever polled in
a municipal contest in this country.
In addition to the canvass for Mayor,
public interest largely centered in the
nomination by the fusionists of William
Travers Jerome for District Attorney and
Mayor Robert A. Van Wyck by the Dem
ocrats for Justice of the Supreme Court,
who v.-ere voteo for only in the territory
contained in Now York County. Returns
received up to 11 p. m. indicate that
Jerome has been elected by a comtortabie
plurality and that Mayor Van Wyck has
oeon defeated, the latter running behind
his ticket from 15.000 to 20,000.
Triumph for Fusion Ticket.
F.eturns also indicate the complete tri
umph here of the Greater New York
fusion ticket, Charles Vincent Fornes,
the nominee of the Citizens' Union and
the Republicans for President of the
Bo;ird of Aldermen, defeating George M.
Vai Hoesen, the Democratic nominee. E
M. Grout, for the past four years LVmo
< ratic President of the borough of Brook
lyn, now the fusionist nominee for Comp
troller, has also defeated W. W. Ladd Jr.,
Democrat.
Returns from the local, borough and
county tickets are incomplete. Complete
returns received from Staten Island, how
over, show that Congressman Muller has
been defeated in his canvass for President
of the borough of Richmond by George
¦w-ell, fusionist. In the borough of
Queens the election of Joseph Cassidy.
Democrat, as President of the borough,
over Henry Doyt, Republican, and Robert
B. Lawrence. Citizens" Union, is con
ced sd. In the boroughs of Brooklyn. Man
hattan and the Bronx additional and pos
sib y official returns will be required to
determine the results for Borough Presi
dert and other local officers.
Victory Throughout the State.
Reports received from the various sec
tions of New York State show that the
Republicans will retain control of the
lower house of the State Legislature, the
number of Republican and Democratic
Assemblymen not differing materially
from the figures of preceding years. In
the various municipal contests reported
trori up the State the most interesting
elections noted were those of Albany,
Trey. R^ochester. Syracuse ar.d Buffalo.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
A Sour Stomach
Is Often the Real Cause of a i
Sour Temper.
That the condition of the digestive or-
gans has a marked effect upon the charac-
ter or disposition If a trui?m as old as j
the hills. Old Ben Johnson wisely said, |
v|**
"th« pleasure of living depends upon the
liver, and it is a fact which none may
dispute that a sunny disposition more
often results from a healthy digestion
than from any other cause.
Acid dyspepsia, commonly called sour
stomach or heartburn, is caused by slow
digestion of food; Instead of being prompt-
ly digested and converted into blood, bone
and muscle, it lies in the stomach for
hours, fermenting and decaying, creating
gases which cause pressure on the lungs
ard heart, short breath and general dis-
comfort and Irritation.
Such half digested food is Indeed poor
nourishment for the body, brain and
norves and the result is shown In irritable
tempers, unaccountable headaches and
that depressing condition usually called
the "blues." But how quickly all these
disappear when appetite and digestion are
restored.
Laxative medicines only irritate the al-
ready irritated stomach and bowels and
hav.j no effect upon actual digestion of
food. ••¦ "j v I
Trie sensible course to follow is to. make
use of simple natural digestives like
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets after meals
until the stomach has a chance to recup-
erate.
The natural digestives which every heal-
thy stomach contains are peptones, dias-
tase and Hydrochloric and lactic acids
and when any of them are lacking the
trouble begins. The reason Stuart's Dys-
pepsia Tablets are so valuable and suc-
cessful in curing stomach troubles is be-
causie they contain, in a pleasant concen-
trated tablet form, all these absolutely
necessary essentials for perfect digestion
and assimilation of food.
Henry Kirkpatrick of Lawrence, Mass.,
save;: "Men and women whose occupation
precludes an active out door life should
make it a dally practice to use Stuart's
Dyspepsia Tablets after meals. I have
don-i sc myself and I know positively that
I owe my present health and vigor to
their daily use.
"From the time I was 22, when I gradu-
ated from school with broken health from
overwork, until I was 34. I scarcely knew
whs.t it was .to be free from stomach
weakness. I had no appetite whatever for
breakfast and very little for any other
meal.
"I had acidity and heartburn nearly
every day and sometimes was alarmed by
irregularity and palpitation of the heart,
but all this gradually disappeared after I
begun using Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets
and I can eat my meals with relish and
satisfaction which I liad not known since
1 was a growing boy."
The MOM and popularity of Stuart's
Dyspepsia Tablets is enormous, but it is
deserved, and every druggist in the United
States. Canada and Great Britain has a
good word for this meritorious prepara-
tion. ... - .
' - ¦ i
ITALIANS BURN
CROKER'S EFFIGY
Chief of the Tammany Tribe
Not Popular in Latin Quar
ter of Greater New York
NEW YORK, Nov. s.—Richard
Croker was burned in effigy by
several hundred Italians to
night. A life-size figure was
suspended between two houses
in Elizabeth street. The Ital
ians danced around it, prodding
it with sticks and knives.
"Hurray for Set' Low" some cried.
"Tell wid da Crok' " "shouted others.
In the meantime boys gathered boxes and
barrels. These were piled high, below the
figure, and then set on fire. Before the
fire had been burning long firemen from
truck 9 came running to the scene and
soon extinguished It, not, however, before
the stuffed figure had been badly burned.
The city of Albany was carried by the Re
publicans, ex-Senator David B. Hill taking
no active part in the local canvass. The
election In Troy was a lively one, a num
ber of arrests for illegal voting being
made. Former United States Senator
Murphy headed the fight for the candidate
of the Democrats, while former Governor
Black managed the campaign for the pro
gressive Democratic-Republican ticKeL
Daniel E. Conway, the candidate for
Mayor, supported by ex-Governor Black,
wai easily elected. In Buffalo the entire
Republican city and county tickets were
elected. Erastus C. Knight, the State
Comptroller, being chosen Mayor. The re
sult in Rochester was close, but Mayor
Warner's friends claim the election of the
Republican candidate.
Battle of the Ballots.
After several weeks of the hottest cam
paign fighting ever seen in this city over
a municipal election, the day when the
ballots were cast passed with unwonted
quiet, considering the high feeling that
had previously been exhibited. There were
a few fights at the polls among individ
uals, but none of a serious nature and
out of the scores of arrests made few
prisoners were held by the magistrates.
The great feature of the voting was the
early casting of ballots. There was a
drizzling rain up to 9 o'clock, but after
that hour there was nothing to keep the
most fastidious voter from the polls. Seth
Low. Fusion candidate for Mayor, cast
his ballot at 7:55 a. m. Edward M. Shep
ard. the Democratic candidate, voted at
1:25. Richard Croker and his two sons
were numbered one, two and "* three at
their polling places a minute after 6 a. m.
Senator Depew dropped his ballot into the
box at 5:45 a. m. and Mayor Van Wyck
waited until 3 n. m.
The practical use of a voting machine
was demonstrated in the Eighteenth Dis
trict, Brooklyn, and the result was known
at 5:02 o'clock in the afternoon, imme
diately after the polls were closed. No
difficulty was experienced in recording the
vote and in many instances men cast their
votes in lesr; than three second?.
An incident which attracted attention
in New York City was the refusal of the
election Judges In one district to allow
one voter to cast his ballot because he had
made a bet of a box of cigars on the result
of the election.
Tammany Men Get Returns.
Richard Croker received the returns in
what is known as "the private room" of
Tammany Hall. The leader was sur
rounded by a crowd of men long promi
nent in the organization, among them
John Carroll, deputy leader; Mayor Van
Wyck, Corporation Counsel Whalen and
City Chamberlain T. C. T. Crane. Croker
sat at the press table and listened with
his customary lack of expressed emotion
as the bulletins were read. From the first
they were unfavorable and the crowd of
leaders heard the figures called off with
out comment.
Croker directed that from time to time
comparisons be made with tne vote of last
year.
Mayor V»n Wyck. who was a candidate
for the Supreme Court bench and who
was bitterly assailed during the campaign,
was an interested listener as the returna
came in.
Crowds such as are seen on the night
of Presidential elections surrounded the
bulletin boards of the newspaper offices.
Because of the danger of accidents re
sulting from the subway excavations
near the City Hall some 500 policemen
were on hand. A cordon was formed
which practically shut off Park Row from
the head of Beekman street to the bridge
entrance, and the streets leading into
Park Row at that point were closed. The
street cars were stopped at Center street.
REBUKES f AJOIANY ORGEE.
NEW TORK. Nov. s.—About 11 o'clock
to-night Seth Low gave out a formal
statement, In which he said:
The outcome of this election Is a. splendid
vindication of unlversel suffrage. From all
parts of the city have come the votes that have
rebuked the Tammary orgle of the last four
years. All the patronage of the city and limit
less money hn\ re not availed azafnst the
aroused inditrnatlon of the peoDle, and it Is
safe to say that absentee government and gov
ernment for private Bain will not be seen
again In New York for many a day. This Is
no man'F triumph, but It Is the people's vic
tory- The agencies that have brousrht it
about ere manj-. Those who labored bo long
and so patiently to bring about the successful
fusion of many elements and those who have
supported the fusion so loyally are all entitled
to the greatest credit. For myself. I a.k for
the generous and constant support of the com
munity in the great task to which it has sum
moned me.
Low Is in receipt of hundreds of tele
grams from prominent men, not only In
the city but also from different parts of
the State and country, among them being
congratulations from President Roosevelt
and Senator Foraker of Ohio.
Republicans Elected Mayors.
NEW YORK, Nov. s.—Republican May
ors have been elected In the cities of
Schenectady, Binghamton and Oswego.
A Democratic Mayor was elected In Utica,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 6, 1901.
MAYOR GEORGE H. CLARK ROUTS
HIS OPPONENTS IN SACRAMENTO
Making the Race as an Independent Candidate, He Is Re
elected by a Vote That Dazes the Managers of the Re
publican Organization, Carrying Nearly Every Precinct
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO, Nov. s.— George H.
Clark has been re-elected Mayor
of Sacramento, after one of the
bitterest and most exerting cam
paigns thl? city has even wit
nessed. To-night he walked
through the downtown streets,
escorted by nearly 2000 cheering support
er? and a brass band. When the crowd
rauhed the block on which are located
the Bee and the Record-Union offices,
both of which papers fought his candi
dacy, Clark was lifted on the shoulders of
his adherents and waved a good natured
salute to his journalistic opponents.
The regular Republican organization is
fairiy dazed by the rout. The victory of
Clark over the Republican nominee, Land,
is regarded as a step toward the realiza
tion of his ambition to control local Re
publican politics. He has carried nearly
every precinct In the town and even in
Land's strongest quarter his majority has
been considerable. The vote of James H.
Devine, the Democratic candidate, has
fallen far short cf expectations, while
General L. Tozer, the Municipal League
candidate, polled but a small vote, as did
also S. Edgar Alderman, the Socialist
nominee.
Republican Ticket Weak.
The Republicans here, as in San Fran
cisco, are blamed for having put up what
was in many respects a weak ticket, and
thus jeopardized the' life of the organi
zation. In fact, this criticism has been
most pronounced on the part of some
high in the councils of the party, but
whose advice was not heeded. The Re
publicans lose their Trustee in the Sec
ond Ward, Charles Paine, who Is defeated
by J. Grant Black, a Democrat, and their
Trustee In the Ninth Ward. J. H. Dolan,
who is defeated by Edward Carragher,
Democrat.
FUSIONISTS ARE DEFEATED.
Republican Ticket Is Successful in
Nebraska.
LINCOLN, Nebr., Nov. 6, 1 a. m.— All
returns received up to 1 o'clock this morn
ing indicate that all the Republican ticket
has been elected perhaps by as much as
10,000 majority. The figures upon which
this estimate is made is based upon pre
cinct returns, which show average Re
publican gains of about 4 to the pre
cinct.
The returns from 158 precincts outsid«
of Lincoln and Omaha give Sedgwick
(R.) for Supreme Judge, a total of 15,970,
against 12,293 for Hollenbeck (Fusion;.
These same precincts a year ago gave
Marsh (R.) 17,532 votes, against 14,891 for
Svboda (Fusion). This means that Sedg
wick's majority in these precincts Is about
1,000 more than the majority received by
Marsh. As Marsh carried the State by
nearly 5000, this means that if the re
maining precincts make the same compar
ative showing there can be no question
as to the election of Judge Sedgwick by
a very handsome majority.
Chairman Lindsay of the Republican
committee, who throughout has been con
servative, says the Republicans have
carried the State by not less than 5000.
Chairman De France of the Fusionists
does not concede defeat. The city of Lin
coln and Lancaster County furnished a
surprise by giving Sedgwick nearly 1400
plurality.
Veterans at the Polls.
LEAVEN WORTH, Kans., Nov. s.— The
Veterans at the National Military Home
here voted in .the election to-day for the
first time under the act of Congress giv
ing them the franchise. They cast a light
vote. Bleakley, Republican for Commis
sioner, is elected by about 800 majority.
Small Vote in Virginia.
RICHMOND, Va., Nov. 6.— The weather
reduced the vote in the State. Returns
up to 2 o'clock this morning sustain last
night's dispatches that the Democrats
have elected their State ticket by some
25,000 majority and a big majority in the
General Assembly.
Republicans Elect Judges.
SIOUX FALLS, S. D., Nov. 6.— Eight
Circuit Judges were elected In this State
and the Republicans claim all. The Dem
ocrats do not concede Republican success
in the Third and Seventh districts.
Murphy Elected Governor.
TRENTON, N. J., Nov. s.— Republicans
claim that Franklin Murphy is elected
Governor by 10,000 majority over James
M. Seymour, the Democratic candidate.
A large vote was polled.
While personally a man of probity and
worth, William Land was not considered
as possessed of the elements necessary
to successfully oppose Clark, who, de
spite public criticism of his acts, rias al
ways maintained a strong personal pop
ularity with various classes of voters.
Clark's adherents declare that to-day's
victory means the overthrow of Colonel
J. B. Wright and J. L. Gillis as directors
in the Republican ranks. Certainly it
nas the appearance of a body blow from
which they may not soon recover. It is
not remembered that an independent can
didate, indorsed by no party and having
no newspaper at hi 6 back, has ever be
fore won his way into an office of such
importance in the city or county.
Colonel Wright's Defeat.
Even the personal entrance of Colonel
Wright into the fight and his opening of
headquarters, where he besought the rail
road shopmen, his former allies, to vote
against Clark, has been barren of effec
tive results, and where Wright's future
power is to come from is not discover
able. It is true that the central commit
tee remains with him but its handling of
the campaign has not been regarded as
brilliant or as assuring strength to over
come the fight for control which Clark
is so boldly making. Clark owes much
of the success of his campaign to the
clever management of Hiram W. John
son, bis attorney in the now famous oil
land case against Wright.
The late returns indicate that Clark's
plurality will reach nearly 1000.
S. Luke Howe (R.) was elected City
Atttomey: Dr. F. F. Tebbets, RepublG
can candidate for Trustee in the Second
Ward, has defeated George K. Rider by
a few votes; Charles M. Prodger (D.)
has been elected City Treasurer over A.-
L. Frost (R.).
On the water question more people have
voted for Sacramento River water as it
is than have voted either for water from
the east side wells or filtered river
water.
CROKER WILL RETIRE.
Tammany's Leader Says He Has
Made His Last Campaign.
NEW YORK, Nov. s.— Richard Croker.
Maurice Untermeyer and Senator T. D.
Sullivan were together at dinner to-night
and It is said on good authority that a
little later Croker said this was his last
political fight. Croker asked Senator Sul
livan whom he desired as leader. Senator
Sullivan answered that John F. Carroll
would be pleasing to him. Then and there.
It Is said, Richard Croker abdicated his
leadership of Tammany Hall and turned
it over to John F. Carroll.
There was some discussion as to the
plans of a reorganization of Tammany, In
which Croker took no part except to sug
gest that younger blood be admitted to
the inner councils of the wigwam. The
party proceeded to Tammany Hall, where
John F. Carroll was awaiting them. He
was apprised of the purpose of Croker,
but said nothing. He accompanied Croker
to the Democratic Club In a cab and re
mained closeted with him for nearly an
hour. It was after this conference that
Croker announced: "This is my last cam
paign."
It is now said that Daniel F. McMahon
will call a meeting of the executive com
mittee within a week, when Croker will
tender his resignation and on motion of
Senator Timothy D. Sullivan John F. Car
roll will be elected the new leader of Tam
many Hall.
Judges of the Supreme Court.
NEW YORK, Nov. s.— Following Is a
list of the candidates elected Judges of
the Supreme Court in this State:
First District— Morgan J. O'Brien, re
elected, Fusion and Democratic: James
A. Blanchard, Fusion; John Proctor
Clarke, re-elected. Fusion; Samuel Green
baum, Fusion.
Third District— A. V. Cochran, Repub
lican.
Fourth District— Edgar R. Spencer. Re
publican.
Sixth District— Garrett A. Forbes, Re
publican, re-elected; Charles E. Parker,
Renublican, re-elected.
Seventh District— William H. Adams,
Republican, re-elected.
Kansas Republicans Successful.
TOPEKA, Kans., Nov. s.— Local ©lec
tions were held In every county In Kan
sas to-day, County Commissioners and
School Trustees being the only officers
elected. Republicans were generally suc
cessful. The Republicans claim that in
the results of to-day they can forecast a
safe majority for the Republicans la the
next Legislature.
BIG PLURALITY
OF REPUBLICANS
Voters of Ohio Re-elect Nash
Governor on Hanna's Ad
vice to "Let Well Alone"
COLUMBUS, Ohio, Nov. s.— The
Republicans to-day carried Ohio
by such increased plurality on
their ticket and with such an en
larged majority in the Legisla
ture as to cause all sorts of
comment on "what did it?"
The result continues the Republi
cans in power In the State, mak
ing an epoch of twelve .years In succes
sion for that party in Ohio, and It in
sures the re-election of Senator Foraker.
The extent of the Republican success is
attributed to the Silver Democrats not
voting; to the attitude of John R. Mc-
Lean, the Democratic candidate for Gov
ernor two years ago, and the Ohio mem
ber of the National Democratic Commit
tee; to the superior organization of the
Republicans and other causes. The Re
publicans attribute the result largely to
ihe popular desire not to disturb the
prevailing prosperity, In accordance with
Senator Hanna's appeal to "let well
enough alone"; to the desire to support
President Roosevelt in carrying out the
policy of the late President McKlnley,
and to indorse Governor Nash and Sena
tor Foraker. "
The Republicans are so elated over
their triumph that they are talking of
Congressman Dick, who has been chair
man of their State Committtee for eleven
years, for Governor two years hence,
when Senator Hanna stands for re-elec
tion, and it is generally predicted that
John R. McLean then will be the Demo
cratic candidate for Senator. It Is be
lieved that Charles R. Baker of Cincin
nati, who has been an avowed candidate
against Foraker, will receive the com
plimentary vote of the Democratic minor
ity in the present Legislature for Sen
ator. Hamilton County, which includes
Cincinnati, sent a mixed delegation to the
last Legislature, when John R. McLean
(D.) carried that county for Governor.
The delegation then had only two-Repub
licans. This year the delegation consists
of thirteen Republicans. Lucas County
had two Republican members In the last
Legislature, but under the new census It
has four members, all Republicans. The
Democrats gain four members in Frank
lin and one in Adams and Pike conn
ties. The Republicans gain one member
each In Summit. Muskingum. Ross and
William counties. In the last Legislature
Montgomery had one Republican and one
Democratic member. This year that
county elected three Republican mem
bers. So far as the returns indicate, the
local option candidates of both parties
for the Legislature have been defeated.
The liquor men are especially jubilant
over the defeat of T.-H. Clark, one of the
Republican candidates In Franklin
County, who was the author of the local
option bill that was defeated in the last
Legislature.
KENTUCKY DEMOCRATS WIN.
New General Assembly Will Elect a
United States Senator.
LOUISVILLE, Ky., Nov. s.— The Gen
eral Assembly that was elected In Ken
tucky to-day, with the exception of half
the Senate, which holds, over, will be
Democratic on joint ballot by an Increased
majority, according to the latest returns.
This General Assembly will elect a suc
cessor to United States Senator William
J. Deboe, Republican, for the term begin
ning March 4, 1903. At 1 a, m. the returns
indicate that the Senate will stand twen
ty-six Democrats to twelve Republicans,
the same as the old Senate, and the
House seventy-seven Democrats to twen
ty-three Republicans, a Democratic gain
of seventeen.
For the first time In years the returns
do not show the election of a single Popu
list to the Assembly. In addition to elect
ing a United States Senator the new As
sembly will redlstrict the State as to Sen
atorial. Representative, Appellate Court
and Circuit Court districts for ten years.
In the city of Louisville the Democrats
elected Charles F. Granger (D.) Mayor
over John A. Stratton (R.) by about 6000
majority. The Democrats elected the
city, county and legislative ticket*
SACRAMENTO'S MAYOR-ELECT
AND EASTERN VICTORIOUS
CANDIDATES.
CRANE SECURES
VAST MAJORITY
Defeats Josiah Quincy for
Governor of Massachusetts
by Over Seventy Thousand
BOSTON, Nov. 5.— W. Murray
Crane (R.) was elected Governor
of Massachusetts for the third
time to-day by a majority of 70,408
over Josiah Quincy, the Demo
cratic candidate. The Republi
cans also elected their entire
State ticket and will have a heavy major
ity In the House and Senate. Returns
from all the towns and cities In the State
except Dartmouth give Crane 186,500,
Quincy (D.) 115,370. Dartmouth last year
gave Crane (R.) 247 and Paine (D.) 27.
The total vote of the State ran over SOO,
00, the largest vote ever cast in the State
In an off year. The Legislature of 1902
will stand 199 Republicans, 79 Democrats
and 2 Social Democrats on a joint vote of
both houses. The Democrats made a gain
In the House, but suffered a loss In the
Senate.
Much interest in the returns centered In
this city, which went for Quincy by about
700. The Democrats also elected all their
candidates for off years in Suffolk County
by much larger margins than that given
Quincy.
SLOW RETURNS IN COLORADO.
Republicans Show Their Strength in
Several of the Counties.
DENVER, Nov. s.— The returns re
ceived up to 11:30 o'clock indicate that In
this (Arapahoe) county the entire Demo
cratic ticket Is elected by from 2000 to 5000.
Some of the Democratic candidates were
scratched heavily, but all are elected. Re
turns from the State are very meager.
Dispatches from Pueblo indicate that
Pueblo has gone Republican and news
from Colorado Springs is to the same ef
fect regarding El Paso County. Leadvllle
dispatches claim a Republican majority
of 500 in Lake County. Teller County (the
Cripple Creek mining district) is Demo
cratic, but figures are unobtainable at this
hour. In many counties of the State local
Issues governed. The day passed without
serious disturbances so far as heard from.
Mississippi Elects Democrats.
JACKSON, Miss., Nov. 5.— Private tele
grams from the large towns indicate that
the Incumbents, George W. Carlisle and
Joseph TV. Power, who are appointees of
Governor Longino, have been elected
State Treasurer and Secretary of State
respectively. Full returns will not be re
ceived for a day or two, as numerous pre
cincts are off the railroads and without
telephone connection. All the candidates
were Democrats.
VICTORY CAUSES
ROOSEVELT TO
SEND GREETING
Keeps Track of Elections
Wh le Returning From His
Home to National Capital
Upon Reaching Washington
the President Telegraphs
Congratulations to Mr. Low
WASHINGTON, Nov. s.—Presi
dent Roosevelt returned to
the city to-night at 3:30 from
Oyster Bay, where he cast
his ballot. With him were
Mrs. Roosevelt, Secretary
Cortelyou, Private Secretary
Loeb and Dr. P. M. Rlxey. The party oc
cupied the private car Lucania, which
was attached to the rear of the Florida
and Southwestern express of the Pennsyl
vania Railroad. On arrival here the
President, after shaking hands with the
porter, led the way with Mrs. Roosevelt
to the carriages in waiting and the party
was taken directly to the White House.
Quite a number of persons were as
sembled at the station, and the President
lifted his hat several times in response
to their saiutationa.
An extra detail of police and a large
force of secret service officers were on
hand to see that no harm befell the chief
executive. The President's trip from New
York to Washington was without special
incident. The party remained in the car
anc" avoided moving about to any extent.
At Jersey City the President shook hand*
with a number of friends while waiting
for the train to leave.
President Roosevelt was kept Informed
of the results of the election during the
evening while aboard the train returning
to Washington, and later at the Whit*
House, by the Associated Press bulletins
and by private dispatches. While anxious
for news from every quarter, his great
est interest centered in the result in New
York City, and he expressed keen satis
faction over the election of the fusion
ticket there. Soon after reaching the
White House he telegraphed his congratu
lations to Mayor-elect Low and after
ward when the election of Jerome ap
peared to be beyond question he sent a
telegram* to the new District Attorney.
BIG PLURALITY IN IOWA.
Cummins Is Elected Governor by
Ninety Thousand Votes.
DES MOINES. lowa. Nov. s.— The re
sult in lowa is remarkable. With a
marked falling off in the vote through
out the State, the loss in some precincts
being 40 and 50 per cent in the total vote,
and the average loss for the State being
one-fifth of the total of two years ago,
A. B. Cummins, the Republican candidate
for Governor, has been elected by a plu
rality of something like 90,000, the largest
ever given a Governor in this State.
The entire Republican State ticket is
elected by similar pluralities and some ex
traordinary gains have been made. Chair
man Spence of the Republican State Cen
tral Committee said at midnight: "We
will carry the State by i>o,uoo, and will
make good gains in the Legislature. "
The Republicans claim that in the Leg
islative contests they have gained two or
three members to add to their majority
In the Senate, while in the House their
great majority will be Increased by seven
or eight. Cummins said:
"The percentage of majority for the Re
publican party is as large as the party
has ever had. It could not ¦well be great
er. I am well gratified at the result."
Connecticut Names Delegates.
NEW HAVEN, Nov. s.— Connecticut to
day chose delegates to the first constitu
tional convention to be held in the State
since 1818. Of the 168 towns in the State
165 have been heard from, showing that
Republican delegates were elected in 105,
Democrats in 44 and Citizen or Non-Parti
san candidates in 18. Two cities of the
State. Ansonia and Bridgeport, held city
elections and surprises developed in both
cases. In Ansonia Stephen Charters, can
didate of the Democratic and Labor party,
was chosen Mayor by a majority unusual
there. In Bridgeport the Democrats also
scored a notable victory.
Republicans Rule Rhode Island.
PROVIDENCE. R. 1.. Nov. 5--In th«
election of Governor Gregory and the en
tire ticket by a plurality of at least 6000
the Republicans of Rhode Island, with %
majority in both branches of the General
Assembly, have again retained the guid
ance of the State's policy. The Democrats
cut down by 3000 votes the plurality of the
Republicans in the last election. The
Democrats elected their Mayoralty can
didates by substantial pluralities in Prov
idence, Pawtucket. Woonsocket and New
port and the Republicans were successful
in the city of Central Falls.
Amendments in Pennsylvania.
PHILADELPHIA, Nov. s.—Pennsylva
nia voted to-day on three proposed
amendments to the constitution, which
provide for personal registration and vot
ing machines. While returns on this por
tion of the ballot are meager there is litcle
doubt that the amendments carried.
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
TO SILL THE DAXDRT3TF GERM.
Is the Only Possible Way of Havir.g
a Permanent Core.
If you see a woman or a man with lux-
uriant glossy hair, you may be sure nei-
ther has dandruff to amount to anything.
In nearly every case where women and
men have thin brittle hair they owe it to
dandruff. There are hundreds of prepara-
tions that "claim" to cure dandruff, but
not one but Newbro's Herpicide tells you
that dandruff is the result of a germ bur-
rowing into the scalp, and that permanent
cure of dandruff and its consequent fall-
ing and baldness can only be had by kill-
ing the germ; and there is no other prep-
aration that will destroy that germ but
Newbro's Herpicide. "Destroy the cause,
you remove the effect."
Oriental
Rug
Sale . . .
We offer our entire' line of
beautiful Oriental Carpets,
Rugs and Curtains at
25 Cl o Discount
from regular prices.
Ghas. M. Plum & Co,
1301-1307 MARKET ST-
56
In Tit T* ¦¦¦ nj^ ' ijg^r^^t^'i (Of y\A L
WEDNESDAY NOVEMBER 6, 1901
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Ittrtu All Communications to W. S. LEAKS, Manager.
MANAGER'S OFFICE]. Telephone Frew 204
PUBLICATION OFFICE. . .Market and Third. 1. F.
Telephone Press 201.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Steirensom St.
Telephone Pren 202.
Delivered fe 7 Carrier*, IB Cent* Per Week.
t Stnsrle Copies, 6 Cents.
Terms »r Mall, Including; Poataset
DAIT.Y CALL OnclndlnK Sunday), on* rear. M.M
DAILY CAUL, ttneloAlnc Eucday), • month! .............. t.O*
DAILY CALL (including Pundaj). > : -0n th«... ............ I.M
DAILY CALL— By Single Month... 6So
•DXDAY rAi.r^ on Tear m I.M
KjlkKLiT CALX* On* Tear » M ..«..*.....~ M ..~. I.M
All postmaster* are authorised to reeelro
¦nbacrlptlons.
BatEßl* ooptee will be forwarded whan raqneated.
Mail sabsertben In ordering chant* of address shonld be
MrUeslar to rf*e both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS in order
•c Incur* a prompt and correct compliance with their request.
OAKLAND OFFICE 1. 1118 Broadway
C GEORGE KROGiraS*.
Kuaftr Foreign Adrertising, lUrquett* Building, Chicago. '¦
CLonz Distance Telephone "Central ZBU.**>
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C C. CAJLLTOIt Herald Square
NEW TORK REPRESENTATIVE
ITEPEEK H. SMITH 3O Tribune 801 l din*
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
BMRnaa Boose; P. O. New* Co.; Great Northern Hotel:
Fremont Boom; Auditorium HoteL
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf-Astoria Hotel; A. BrenU.no, n Union Square:
Moray HIU HoteL
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE. . . .1400 G St.. X. W.
MORTOX E. CRAVE. Correspondent.
BRAKCH OFFICES— I 27 Montgomery, corner of Clay, open
until l:W o'clock. SOO Hayes, open until •:£> o'clock. (33
McAllister, open until S:3O o'clock. CIS Larlcln, open until
• * o'clock, lttl Misslcn. open until 10 o'clock. tMI Market.
corner Sixteenth, open until • o'clock. 10M Valencia, open
matfl I o'clock. lot Eleventh, open until • o'clock. NW.
corner Twenty-second and Kentucky, open until • o'clock.
COO Fillmore. open until 9 p. m.
AMUSEMENTS.
Grand Opera -house— New Boy."
Grand Opera -bouse— Grand opera, commencing; November 11.
Alcazar— "Nancy & Co."
Columbia— "The First Duchess of Marlborou^h."
Orphenm— Vaudeville.
California— "ln Old Kentucky." " .
Tivcli— "The Belle of New York."
"Northern Lights."
Chutes. Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
evening.
Fischer' — Vaudeville.
Metropolitan Temple— Royal Italian Band.
Native Sons' Hal! Doctor's Daughters' Vaudeville Enter-
tainment and Doll Sale, Friday and Saturday.
Oakland Racetrack — Races to-day.
AUCTION RAT,F.a
By G. H. Umbsen & —Monday, November 11. at 12
o'clock. Real Estate, at 14 Montgomery street.
THE RIGHT SUPERVISORS.
ALL citizens of San Francisco who desire good
government and who believe that fidelity in
office should be fitly recognized by the people
can congratulate one another this morning upon the
election of Supervisors. A majority of the present
board has been re-elected. These men have most of
them been tried in office and have been found faith
ful and efficient. They have worthily merited the
honor of re-election, which has been accorded them
by their fellow citizens.
For many a year past in the history of San Fran
cisco no party has ever thought of renominating men
who have been tried in the Board of Supervisors.
Neither would it have happened that the voters would
have re-elected any former board for a long time past.
In fact, each succeeding board, until the present one
took office, seems to have been a little worse than its
predecessor. Year after year there were stories of
the "solid nine." and scandals of their jobbery and
corruption. With a few notable and honored excep
tions the career of a Supervisor was limited to one
term of office, during which time he made as much
as he could for his own pocket and then retired to
the obscurity from which he had been brought by the
bosses who gave him the nomination. The excep
tions to that class of men on the board served only to
deepen the disgrace ot the majority, and were pow
erless to redeem them.
With the accession of the present board to office a
change came over that branch of the city government.
They did not satisfy everybody, nor was it possible
for them to do so, but they did satisfy the city at large.
Not a single scandal has arisen during their term of
office. They have never been charged with jobbery
nor suspected of it. Intelligent and fair-minded men
of all parties have perceived that on every issue that
arose the majority of the board has been desirous of
doing what is best for the community as a whole, re
gardless of parties or of special interests. They have
not been subservient to corporations nor have they
been unfair to them. In a word, they have sought al
ways to do right.
To have defeated men of such tried and proven fit
ness for the office of Supervisor would have been in
the nature of a public calamity. It would have been
taken to mean that the people of San Francisco are
indifferent to the honesty of the members of the mu
nicipal legislature. It would have been construed in
some quarters as an indirect approval of the "solid
nine system" of conducting the work of the board,
and the political manipulators of corporation jobbery
would have been quick to take advantage of it.
With the election of the men who were chosen
yesterday the people have assured the continuance of
good government so far as it depends upon the Su
pervisors. The schemes of the corporations to get
control of the board have b?en baffled, and it will
not be in their power to impose extortionate rates
upon the city or upon the people for water or for
gas. The same honest conservatism that has reduced
the rates of those necessary articles in the past will
continue to control the board and shape its policy.
It is not worth while now to point out over again
the evil that would have resulted from the election of
a majority of the candidates for Supervisors named
by the corporations, or those named by the class agi
tators. It is enough to know that the danger was
appreciated by the voters and those candidates have
been defeated. For the present all is well and good.
The right Supervisors have in the main been chosen'
It is time for congratulations.
Wow that the incident is closed and everybody is
filling to forget the wretch and never mention his
Hame, there arises in Boston a gentleman of learn
ing who claims to be familiar with Polish, and says
that if we pronounce Czolgosz as "soldiers" we will
come as near to the Polish pronunciation as it is pos
sible for the Anglo-Saxon tongue to attain.
THE ELECTION OF SOHMITZ.
EVERY indication of the returns from the polling places points to the election of
Mr. Schmitz, the Union Labor candidate, as Mayor of San Francisco. It is not
probable, though of course it is possible, that the official count will change the
result.
The election of Mr. Schmitz follows from causes which will have to be carefully
studied and discussed later on, in order that its full meaning may be understood by the
people. It is almost the only victory achieved by the Union Labor party, for with few
exceptions every candidate supported by The Call was elected. The meaning of the suc
cess of Schmitz will be dealt with later on, for it has a moral that should not be over
looked.
Since he has been made the choice of the voters the Mayor-elect deserves and
will have the respect due to his office. It will remain with him to prove himself worthy
of it. I
Though he has been defeated, the friends of Mr. Tobin salute him with undimin
is"hed respect. He stood for the welfare of the whole community and declared the whole
creed of municipal government. \,
Of course we regret that our advice was not followed. We regret that the ma
jority bisected itself into two minorities. We regret that the Republican primary gave to
the bosses the power to elect Schmitz. We regret that the so-called Republican ticket
had Platitude for its head, Plunder for its tail. But we do not regret that we sounded
the alarm as each process leading to this result was unfolded, and we declare that the
new class government will be impartially treated by us, and rebuked in its fury and com
mended in its wisdom, if it have any. San Francisco will survive the injury and cast off
the burden. , ¦
THE PAN-AMERICAN- CONGRESS.
PRESIDENT DIAZ in his address of welcome
at the banquet given in the C^ of Mexico
to the delegates of the Pan-American Congress
said: "I express the hope that the conclusion of our
high deliberations may be of such a degree fruitful in
benefits for the people of this continent that their fu
ture relations may ever be governed by the upright
spirit which animated Washington, Hidalgo, Bolivar
and San Martin in the most momentous and charac
teristic episodes of their heroic and public careers."
In reply the temporary president of the congress,
Gonaro Ralgosa, said that the delegates to the con
vention will have no other aim than "to contribute
to the consolidation and sovereignty of the different
states, each one in its own limits, and to promote
the free and progressive development of democratic
institutions in America on the footing of the most
ample recognition of one another's rights."
Banquet speeches are always bright and pleasing.
It is not to be expected that the delegates of the
various countries represented at the congress in Mex
ico will live up to the promise of the glowing words
of Diaz and Ralgosa. Still a great deal may be ex
pected in the way of benefits to the whole of Latin
America as well as to ourselves. As was expected,
Chile has proven to be the most troublesome factor
in the congress. Almost as soon as business was be
gun a resolution was presented by the delegates from
Argentina expressing the hope of the congress that
the dispute between Venezuela and Colombia might
be settled by amicable and fraternal agreement. The
Chileans at once took alarm and opposed the resolu
tion on the ground that it intimated that the con
gress is in favor of retroactive arbitration, a policy
to which the Chilean Government has more than
once declared it will not submit.
The attitude of Chile is the more provoking be
cause the Chileans are decidedly the most enterpris
ing, the most aggressive and most potent population
in South America. They represent a stronger feel
ing of nationality than any other people, and by rea
son of that spirit they exert an influence altogether
out of proportion to their numbers or their wealth.
It seems to be conceded that Chilean co-operation
must be had in order to make any programme of
work adopted by the congress effective. Conse
quently tact has to be exercised all along the line.
It is better to obtain something surely than to strive
to obtain too much and involve the congress in con
troversies that will break it up and render all its
efforts futile.
It would seem, then, that the hope of obtaining
the establishment of a system of arbitration to settle
disputes between American countries will have to be
abandoned for the present. There may be expected,
however, much in the way of work that will promote
trade and commerce. It is evident that a majority of
the delegates are animated by a sincere desire to pro
mote amity and friendship among the nations and
the peoples whom they represent, and as a result
there is sure to come enough of good to justify the
expectation of a greater good to follow when the
spirit of pan-Americanism becomes more generally
infused among the various peoples.
Lombroso. the famous Italian expert in crimin
ology, is reported to have said in a lecture in Paris a
few days ago that the Czar of Russia is "merely an
amiable and melancholy idiot and not a criminal luna
tic." that King Edward is a "general degenerate of
mediocre intelligence, incapable of sound thinking,"
and that the Emperor of Germany is an "irrespon
sible and irretrievable criminal, a brawler who would
have gone to jail and died on a scaffold had he not
been saved by the accident of being born to a
throne." It will be perceived that as a lecturer Sig
nor Lombroso is desirous of making a sensation and
making it quickly.
Mr. Chamberlain's latest utterance on the war in
South Africa is that it is "not over the question of
franchises, but on the issue whether Briton or Boer
shall be predominant." The statement is frank, and it
is to be noted the Boers are apparently just as willing
to fight it out on that basis as on any other.
In a recent interview Sir Thomas Lipton was asked
if he would again challenge for the America's cup,
and replied: "Nobody ever saw me. put on my coat
in the middle of a fight, and the fight for that cup is
only begun. I certainly mean to have another try
for it. Maybe several."
Curiously enough, General Duller has become the
popular hero of the London music-halls, and the
crowds that attend sufch places not only cheer for him
but even hiss the former idol. Lord Roberts, because
he was instrumental in having Buller remfWed from
command.
It was announced some time ago that Roosevelt's
message to Congress would be short, but ever since
there have been coming from Washington report
after report of the things he is going to say, so the
chances are it will not be short enough to startle any
body.
A Eastern investigator announces that if men would
breathe deeper and more slowly they would have
longer hair, but it may be that as deep breathing por
longs life, all that the investigator meant is that the
deeper you breathe the longer you will wear your
hair.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 6, 1901.
ONCE upon a time it was believed by good
people that trade tended to friendly rela
tionships among men and nations, and that
the development of an epoch when commerce would
be the dominant factor in civilization would be equi
valent to bringing in the dawn of universal peace.
Perhaps there are a few persons who still hold to that
theory, but the majority of men have learned its false
ness. Many a war has been occasioned by the rival
ries of commerce, and now we are threatened with
another, for the controversy in which the French and
the Turks are engaged is the direct outcome of the
expansion of French enterprise, industry and trade.
French capitalists have been engaged in financing
certain railways in Turkey, and a French company
has a concession for constructing quays and docks
at Constantinople. The French financiers claim that
they have not been repaid the loans they made to the
railways, nor even the interest. One of these com
panies alone claims that the amount due it, with un
paid interest, is nearly $9,000,000. The company
holding the docks and quays concession claims that it
is neither permitted to go on with its work nor of
fered a fair sum to surrender the concession and turn
over to the Turkish Government the work that has
been thus far constructed.
In his address the other day M. Delcasse, Foreign
Minister of France, said: "The Government inter
vened in the quays question in order to get Turkey
to fulfill her engagements. If the Government had
not done so there would have been an end of the nu
merous enterprises which France had created in Tur
key in the shape of railroads, roads, lighthouses and
banks. The debt had been reduced by a large per
centage, and the Porte in August agreed to give sat
isfaction, but on the morrow these arrangements
were forgotten and others were proposed. Our Min
ister then ceased official relations with the Porte.
There was no ultimatum, but the cessation of rela
tions indicated that the Government took the Porte's
word seriously, and that it intended that the engage
ments entered into should be respected."
Of course along with the fight to enforce commer
cial engagements there goes also the invariable ten
dency to represent it as a fight for a higher civili
zation. In this case the claim is well made. It does
not seem possible that there can ever be a worse civil
ization than that which the Turks have imposed upon
the people who have fallen under their empire.
Should the controversy with France lead up to open
war, and that war spread until it brings about some
thing like a revolution in Turkey, the results could
hardly make affairs worse than they are now.
Despite the justice of the French claims, it must
be admitted that the Sultan is not altogether to blame
for delaying to satisfy them. It is said he dare not
give the quays fcack into the hands of the French for
fear of assassination, and at the same time cannot
obtain money to pay for them. He is therefore in a
position that would lead almost any man to equivo
cate and evade. Now that France has taken steps to
compel him to act \ve may be approaching the end
of the condition of affairs which has enabled the
Turks to play fast and loose with civilization for a
century. The concert of Europe may prevent the
outbreak of a war, but when once France has forced
the hand of the Sultan other nations will assert an
equal right to enforce their claims and the old order
of things in Turkey will have come to a close.
The bicentennial anniversary of the grant of the
original charter to the city of Philadelphia occurred
on October 25, but no effort was made to celebrate
the event. One of the reasons given by the press of
the city for permitting the day to pass unnoted is
that "no respectable citizen could afford to identify
himself with a celebration under a Mayor who has
fouled the good name of the city and sunk its affairs
to the lowest pitch of infamous corruption." It will
be seen that during the 200 years of its life the city
of brotherly love has got a long way from where
it started.
Grover Cleveland has made a little speech to the
public and stated a conviction that there are too
many people in this country who think only of get
ting rich. Probably he believes it would be better if
more men would go fishing, and stay at it longer
when they start.
Mr. Edwin Mead, a New England authority, has re
cently predicted that some day Ireland will be a State
in the American Union, but he neglected to complete
the prediction by foretelling whether the new State
would take its stand in the Republican or Democratic
column.
This century is hardly old enough to have made a
record for itself, and yet one can already note a ten
dency on the part of orators to refer to the nineteenth
century as a crude and uncultured epoch in our his
tory.
It has been suggested by a learned man that the
wireless telegraphy now coming into use shall be
called ethergraphy, but the chances are the man of
the street will be content to call it "wireless."
The elections are over, the Schley court of inquiry
is about to wind up its talk, the rainy season is at
hand and everybody feels in a humor for Thanks
giving.
FRANCE AND TURKEY.
TWO LIVES ARE SAVED BY HEROIC
ACTS OF YOUNG GIRL AND BOY
AN Incandescent lamp exploding
and a live wire dropping Into a
pile of fluffy feathers started a
fire yesterday afternoon on the
second floor of E. R. Sullivan" 3
pillow and mattress factory at 244 Steven
son street. In a trice the flames devoured
the flimsy material and breaking through
the windows mounted the four stories of
the brick building, consuming everything
combustible.
Arthur Jenkins, an employe, gave the
alarm. Girls and men were warned and
while the flames darted out of the build
ing in fiery sheets all the employes save
three escaped by the staircase exit. So
quickly did the flames spread that three
young women, two on the third floor,
and the other on the fourth, were pre
vented from escaping down the stairs. On
the third floor were Miss Nellie Healy
and Delia McGrath. But one hope was
left for them— the fire escape.
Down on the street the crowd gathered
from all directions. In a moment the real
ization came upon the excited spectators
that the building was not entirely freed
from human beings. The faces of two
girls at the -windows on the third story
brought terror Into the hearts of all.
Shouts came from below "The fire es
cape, the fire escape."
And while the shouts were still ringing
in the air a young girl appeared at the
fourth floor platform of the fire escape.
Down she came as fast as her feet could
carry her and a great shout of joy rose
upward from, the crowd.
Delia McGrath on the third floor next
followed the suggestion of the fire escape.
She climbed out on the platform and came
down step by step as fast as her inter
fering skirts would permit. Fifteen feet
from the ground the tire escape was cut
off and from that point to the pavement
was a clean drop. But there was a pipe
running from the ground along the entire
length of the escape and Miss McGrath
made use of this to steady herself. In
another second all would be safe. Over
come with the heat and the excitement
she fell when close enough to the ground
to avoid any serious Injury.
Boy Hero on the Scene.
A great cheer went up from the crowd
and willing hands carried Miss McGrath
off to safety. Hardly had the applause
died away when another figure appeared
on the escape. This was Nellie Healy.
For a moment she appeared dumfounded,
as the flames bursting out of the win
ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
NO DlMES— Collector, City. No dimes
were coined in the United States mints in
1799, 1806, 1808, 1,812, 1813, ISIS to 1819 inclu
sive, 1824 and 1826.
ST. GEORGE'S CHURCH— Subscriber,
Vlsalla, Cal. St. George's Episcopal
Church in New York City is located at
Marcy avenue, corner of Gates. W. A.
Warren, pastor.
DIPLOMATIC AND CONSULAR OF
FICERS—B. T., City. Embassadors, Mln ¦
isters and Consuls from the United States
to foreign countries are named by the
President and confirmed by the Senate.
They hold at the pleasure of the appoint
ing power.
Walnut and Pecan Panoche. Townsend. •
Choice candies. Tonwsend's, Palace Hotel*
Cal. Glace Fruit 50c per lb at Townsend's •
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
The Question Answered.
Where can you get Pyrography ma
chines, skins for burning and wooden nov
elties reasonable In prices? At Sanboni;
Vail & Co., 741 Market street. •
DARING RESCUE OF A GIRL FROM THE FIRE THAT GUTTED THE
MATTRESS AND PILLOW FACTORY OF E. R. SULLIVAN ON STEV
ENSON STREET.
dows seemed to reach toward that very
part of the iron ladder on which she stood.
The crowd hung breathless below, expect
ing to see her fall at any moment.
Suddenly a boy of small, lithe stature
broke through the pack of people In the
street and began to climb the iron pipe
to the flre escape. Some one appeared as
suddenly with a ladder and with quick,
cool judgment the boy, Frank Gorman by
name, swung from the pipe to the ladder.
H© clambered up to the girl like a sea
soned sailor. Just as he reached her she
was about to fall. When she felt Gor
man's protecting arm she steadied her
self and both came down the ladder to
gether. At the end of the escape Gorman
passed Miss Healy to Bernard Cappel,
who in turn carried her to the ground,
safe, but badly scorched. Then Miss Healy
fainted.
Gorman, who played the part of a hero,
Is thoroughly unconscious of his brave
act. All the time he bore the burden
down the escape ladder rung by rung the
fierce shafts of flame skirted his descent.
Miss Healy's face and arms were badly
burned and Gorman's left arm is blistered.
The young lady was carried at once to the
drug store on the corner of Stevenson and
Third streets, where her Injuries received
immediate attention.
Nellie Healy's Heroic Act.
Frank Gorman is but 19 years of age
and lives at I*4 Preclta avenue. At pres
ent he is one of the striking riveters, a
mere apprentice at his trade, and is out
of work. Two years ago he completed a
course at the Naval Training School,
where he acquired his agility and nimble
ness in ladder climbing. When Miss
H-H-H-I-H' II I 1. 1 IIM h I 'I"I"I-I'#
PERSONAL MENTION.
Judge J. M. Mabon of t'kiah Is at the
Lick.
R. B. Butler of Fresno is staying at the
Grand.
Andrew R. Castro of Mountain View is
staying at the Palace.
R. E. Jack, a banker of San I.vis Oblspo,
is among the arrivals at the Palac^.
George M. Martin, the well-known mer
chant of Watsonville. is at the Lick.
F. T. Sutherland, a mining engineer of
Los Angeles, is a guest at the Palace.
M. H. McCord, United States Marshal,
of Phoenix Ariz., is a guest at the Lick.
William Shaw, a capitalist of Sacra
mento, is among the arrivals at the
Grand.
Walter Damrosch. the well-known musi
cal director, arrived from New York yes
terday and is staying at the Palace.
Colonel "William A. Pinkerton, the well
known detective, arrived from Chicago
yesterday. He is staying at the Palace.
The Rev. John A. B. Wilson, pastor of
the Howard Street Methodist Church, who
has been in Europe, Is expected to arrive
in this city to-day.
SUMMER RATES at Hotel del Coronado.
Coronado Beach. Cal.. effective after April 1
teo for round trip. Including 15 day» at houi'
r»ciflc Coast s. s. Co.. 4 New Montgomery «t,"
Healy was being born» to the drug stora
Gorman -walked behind in a nonchalant
manner. A short while later he was with
his friends and his first toast over a glass
of soda water was, "Here's to the young
lady."
If Gorman Is a hero. Miss Healy, who
lives with her mother on the corner 4
Franklin and Fell streets, is no lew a.
heroine. When she discovered that the
building was ablaze she rushed up -
floor above and warned on© of the girls
in the machine department. This you™?
girl, the first to make her escape, dropped
from the last rung of the iron ladder.
When Miss Healy had done this she was
overcome with the heat and smoke and
fainted. How she recovered she does not
know, but she revived juat in time to
reach the window on the third floor and
save her own life.
Dr. E. A. Bohm, who was in attendance
last night, pronounces the girl safe from
serious consequences.
The interior of the building: was com
pletely gutted. The tire raged fifteen min
utes before the lire department arrived
on the scene. It did not take long, how
ever, to extinguish the flames. The build
ing, which belongs to the Luning estate,
was of brick and four stories in height
E. R. Sullivan, proprietor of the hair ami
mattress factory, suffers a complete loss
of stock. Both stock and building; wer*
well insured.
The favorite for restoring life and color to th»
nalr Is Parker's Hair Balsam.
Hlndercorns. the best cure for corns. J5 ct#.
B.KATSCHINSK!
PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO.
10 THIRD STREFTJAN FRANCISCO.
WATERPROOF
ALASKA SEAL SHOES.
Keep your feet dry. Winter Is rap-
Idly approaching and the rainy sea-
son will soon be here. Alaska Seal
shoes are especially adapted for
men who are exposed to the rain,
0T t 9l^ 3h - The Alaska Seal 5
guaranteed waterproof, but Is soft
and pliable and Is easy on the fee"
our shoes have wide coin toes and
tips and double soles, and every
Kr* is warranted to wear. Slaes,
6% to 12; widths. C to EE
•THE PRICE 53. 00
Sole agents for Vlscoliaed Shoes
for men.
Country orders solicited.
Bring the children with you when
you buy shoes. We always have a
toy to give them,
PHILADELPHIA SHOE GO.
IO THIRD STREET.
San Francisco.AMUSEMENTS. |
GRANDS
MATIXEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Every Evening Except Saturday.
WALTER E. PERKINS
In the Funny Comedy,
THE NEW BOY.
POPULAR PRICES— IOc. 15c, 25c. 50c. 75c.
Good Orchestra Seats All Matinees, 25c.
Branch Ticket Office Emporium.
STANFORD NIGHT— SATURDAY EVENING.
Social Programme, "THE MAN FROM MEX-
ICO."
.STANFORD GLEE AND MANDOLIN CLUBS.
Tickets at Sherman, Clay & Co. and Stanford
University.
MAURICE GRAU OPERA CO.
The Sale of Seats for Single Performances
I^ginc-
THIS MORNING at 9 o'clock at the
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
Monday Evening, New 11th.— LOHENGRIN.
Mnes. Eames and Schumann-Heink; Messrs.
Van Dyck. Bispham, Muhlmann and Ed de
Ilpszke. Conductor, Mr. Walter Damrosch.
Tuesday Evening, Nov. 12.— CARMEN.
Mraes. Calve, BauermeiPter, Van Cauteren
and .zanne Adams: Messrs. Salignac, Jour-
net. Bars, Dufriche, Reiss and Scotti. Con- !
ductor, Mr. Flon.
Wednesday Evening, Nov. 13.— LA TRAVIATA.
Mnes. hrich. Van Cauteren. Bauermei!>-
t«r. Me^^r^. Campanari. Vanni, Bars. Dufriche.
Gillt'ert and De Marchi. Conductor. Mr. Sep-
j)ii:i.
Thursday Evening. Nov. TANNHAUSER.
Mraes. Eames, Bridewell and Reuss-Bolce;
Messtrs. Van Dyck. Blass. Bars. Reiss, Muhl-
mann, Vivlani and Bispham. Conductor. Mr.
Walter Damrosch.
Friday Evening, Nov. 15.— LES HUGUENOTS. I
Mrnes. Gadski, Homer, Bauermeister. Van 1
<"auieren and Sembrlch; Messrs. De Marchi,
Journet, Scotti, Bars, Reiss. Vtviani, Dufriche.
Yanai and Ed de Reszke. Conductor. Mr. Flon.
Saturday afternoon. Nov. 16.— FAUST.
Mines. Calve. BauermeUter and Homer;
Messrs. Dippel. Campanari, Dufriche and Ed |
de Reszke. Conductor, Mr. Seppllli.
Saturday Evening. Nov. 16.— MANON. '
M:nes. Sibyl Sanderson. Marylli, Bridewell,
Van Cauteren: Messrs. D^clery. Journet. Glll-
bwt. Bars and Ssllgnac. Conductor, Mr. Flon.
PRICES— S2, $3, $4. $5 and $7.
WEBER PIANO USED.
MATINEE TO-DAY, WEDNESDAY. NOV. 6.
Parquet, any seat. 2.".c: Balcony. 10c; Chil-
dren, any part except reserved, 10c.
ABSOLUTE NOVELTIES !
The Onllaw Trio, Burton's Acrobatic
Comedy Dogs, The L.ockos. Jessie
Dale, Lillian Burkhart and Com-
pany, Miyo San, Harris and Wal-
ters, Beaux and Belles, and the i
Bio graph.
BEtASCO ***> THALCSj^^^
XIGHT-EVERY EVE. THIS WEEK.
MATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
A PRONOUNCED "WINNER.
The Great Indian War Play.
NORTHERN LIGHTS
One of the Most Stirring War Dramas Ever
Seen in San Francisco.
DI/TC Evening 10c, 15c, 25c, 35c, BOc
JrKILO Matinees 10c, 15c, 25c
Next •Week-"LIGHTS O' LONDON."
Belasca and Thai: Managers j
OUR STOCK IS
I NCOA\F» ARABLE !
TO-NIGHT AND ALL WbEK.
NANCY and CO.
IT'LL MAKE YOU LAUGH.
Regular Matinee — and Sunday.
Seats on Sale Six Days In Advance.
NEXT FOR FAIR VIRGINIA
lifjtill *B) Qk O fSQfc B " O
*TIVPLI*
TO->nGHT and Every Evening at 8 Sharp.
Matinees Saturday and Sunday .at 2 Sharp.
THE TOWN TAKEN BY STORM!
POLLARD'S AUSTRALIAN
JUVENILE OPERA CO.
In the Great Musical and Laughing Success, j
THE
Belle of New York,
POPULAR PRICES— 50c and 75c.
Telephone Bush 9.
Every Evening This "Week.
SPECIAL JOCKEY NIGHT— FRIDAY.
Jacob Liu's No. 1 Company
IN OLD KENTUCKY
A 8 FRESH. AS BRIGHT AS ON THE DAY
OF ITS BIRTH.
Th« Famous Original PICKANINNY BRASS
BAND and other interesting features. Ragtime
Open Air Concerts every evening at entrance to
theater.
Next Sunday— "SHOßE ACRES."
Seats Thursday.
CALIFORNIA— EXTRA— EIIinghouse and Ot>-
penheimer beg to announce the last two Ex-
planatory Recitals at the Piano. To-morrow
Afternoon at 3:15, WAGNER'S "Die Meif>-
tersingcr"; Nov. 12th, "Tristan und Isolde,"
by Walter Damrosch. Prices— Jl 60, $1, 60c.
SEATS READY.
lIUDIA leading theatke
WUsLUIfIDIA LEADING THEATRE
"Wins complete favcr." "Holds interest from
. flirt to last."— Call.
v "Over and delightful."— Examiner.
"An unusually artistic presentation."— Chron-
icle.
Every Night (Except Sunday).
MATINEE SATURDAY.
SZ&I LE MOYNE
In the Brilliant Historical Play.
THE FIRST cha^. es
DUCHESS OF -SSSt
MARLBOROBGH l "2££2r
PALACE HOTEL.
For a quarter of a century these
hotels have been the headquarters of
tourists and travelers who have
journeyed from all parts of the world
to San Francisco. Guests enter-
tained on the American or European
plan.
t GRAND hotel.
Weekly Call,sl.oo per Year
FRANCE LANDS HER TROOPS
IN THE DOMAINS OF SULTAN
Admiral Caillard's Forces Take Possession of
Three of the Ports of the Island of
Mitylene by Order of His Government
PARIS. Nov. s.— Admiral Caillard has
occupied the three principal ports of the
inland of Mitylene. Admiral Caillard's
squadron arrived off the island of Syra
(Grecian archipelago) yesterday and de
tached a dispatch boat, which entered
ADVERTISEMENTS.
IT SAVES LIVES
According to facts and figures taken
from the Bureau of Vital Statistics in
Washington this little instrument has
saved the lives of thirty-two thousand
four hundred and forty-eight persons dur-
ing the past four years.
GOVERNMENT STATISTICS
Giving the actual number of deaths from
pneumonia and consumption during the
years 1888, 1 894 and 1900, showing how
rapidly they increased before and have
decreased since the -discovery of the new
cure— facts which no one dare dispute.
Deaths from
Pneumonia and
Tear . Population ¦• Consumption
1888 60,300,000 193,684
1894 70,000,000 1,143
1900 85,000,000 178,695
•Year HYOMEI was discovered.
It is the above facts coupled with an
editorial from the U. S. Health Reports
that have at last compelled the regular
medical profession to accept Hyomei, the
new dry air germicide, as their only hope
of stamping out these diseases.
This editorial, published January stli,
1900, says: "No other treatment or rem-
edy has had anything whatever to do
with bringing about this reduction."
Probably not over half of these people
were cured of the disease consumption it-
self, but as coughs, catarrh and bronchitis,
which furnish nine-tenths of all the vic-
tims of consumption, cannot exist where
Hyomei is used, Hyomei by reducing the
number of people affected with these dis-
eases has robbed consumption of thou-
sands of its victims.
Hyomei is sold by all druggists or sent
,by mail. Outfits Complete $1.00. Trial Out-
j tits 25c. Hyomei Balm 25c. .
Send for our book on Hyomei and five
days' treatment free. It may save your
life.
The R. T. Booth Co., Ithaca, N. Y.
AMUSEMENTS.
THE
DOCTOR'S
DAUGHTERS'
Vaudeville
Entertainment
—AND—
DOLL SALE
NATIVE SONS' HALL,
FRIDAY AND SATURDAY,
November Bth and 9th.
Open from 11 a. m. until 5 p. m.
ADMISSION - --- 50 CENTS
Children 25 Cents.
; Vaudeville Both Evenings at 8:30,
[ ADMISSION $1,00.
Si^R ACINI!
EVERY WEEK DAY-RAIN OR SHINE.
SEASON 1901-1902.
OPENING NOVEMBER 2. 1901.
NEW CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB
OAKLAND RACETRACK.
Races start at 2:15 p. in. sharp.
Ferry-boats leave San Francisco at 12 m. and
12:30, 1, 1:30. 2, 2:30 and S p. m.. connecting
with trains stopping- at the entrance to the
track. Last two cars on train reserved for
ladles and their escorts; no smoking. Buy your
! ferry tickets to Shell Mound. All trains via
i Oakland mole connect with San Pablo avenue
I electric cars at Seventh and Broadway, Oak-
land. Also all trains via Alameda mole con-
nect with San Pablo avenue cars at Four-
teenth and Broadway. Oakland. These electric
cars tro direct to the track In fifteen minutes.
Returning— leave the track at 4:15 and
4:45 p. m. and Immediately after the last race.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR.. President.
P.. B. MILROT. Secretary.
RovTrDAiyn
ITALIAN UHIIU
Return Engagement— SlX CONCERTS.
Commencing TO-NIGHT.
METROPOLITAN HALL.
Wednesday. Nov. 6....... ITALIAN NIGHT
Thursday, Nov 7 GERMAN NIGHT
Friday, Nov. 8 FRENCH NIGHT
Saturday. Nov. 9 VERDI MEMORIAL
Matinees Thursday and Saturday.
POPULAR PRICES 50c, 75c. $1.00
Seats now Sherman, Clay & Co.'s.
CHUTES ANDZOO *WJX£r
BIG VAUDEVILLE BILL.
HARRY "HARMON,
In His Sensational High Dive.
TO-MORROW NIGHT. •
THE AMATEURS
And a FAT LADIES' RUNNING RACE.
Telephone for seats. Park 23.
FISCHER'S concert house,
' Eleanora Jenkins; Swor and Hathaway; Celia
D* Lacy; Wise and Milton; The Lackeys; Deetb
and Don; Christian; George Jones: Hlnrichs'
Orchestra. Reserved Seats, 25c. Mat. Sunday.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 6, 1901.
the port of Syra and received from the
telegraph station a batch of dispatches
containing definite instructions from the
French Government regarding carrying
out of the sealed orders, which were hand
ed to the admiral previous to his leaving
Toulon. These dispatches directed Ad
miral Caillard to proceed to the island
of Mitylene, where he will seize the cus
toms of Midilli, and at another port.
The Foreign Office here has not yet re
ceived the Sultan's reply to the note pre
sented by M. Bapst, Counselor o£ the
French legation, following out the in
structions of M. Delcasse of the Foreign
Office, under date of November 4. The
correspondent here of the Associated
Press is enabled to make the following
statement:
France Acts Cautiously.
"When the French Government decided
to send a French squadron to Turkey it
debated whether to seize the customs at
Salonica, Beirout or Smyrna, as it was
realized that the receipts of one of these
three big ports would be required to pro
duce a sufficient sum to pay off the
French claims without a long occupation,
which was considered inadvisable. The
occupation of Salonica was at once dis
missed, because it might create the false
impression that France was aiming to re
open the Macedonian question. The occu
pation of Beirout was also set aside, ow
ing to the French position and interests,
and Smyrna, where the population looks
upon France as a protector. The occu
pation of Boirout was certain to produce
offense and perhaps even rebellion. The
choice of M. Delcasse. consequently, fell
on Smyrna, which offers equal advan
tages to the other ports, without their
political drawbacks. Saturday, however,
came the dispatch from M. Bapst, an
nouncing the issuance of the Sultan's
irade accepting the Lorando claim in its
entirety, as France demanded. This dis
patch slightly modified the aspect of the
situation, inasmuch as M. Delcasse came
to the conclusion that the Sultan would
now settle the money claims and would,
within a few days, produce guarantees
which France demanded for their pay
ment.
Expect Sultan to Settle.
"The necessity for seizing big customs,
therefore, became less pressing, although
the necessity for occupying Turkish ter
ritory_ in order to exercise pressure and
compel the Sultan to concede the demands
respecting Turkey's disregard of French
treaty rights, still remained urgent. The
Government, therefore, decided that Ad
miral Caillard should occupy a couple of
ports on the island of Mitylene, which is
conveniently close to Smyrna. It is the
Government's impression that the Sultan
will satisfactorily settle the monetary
question should the customs recipts
prove not sufficient to satisfy the French
demands, and Smyrna can yet be occupied
In the meantime the occupation of the
ports of the island of Mitylene is more
convenient from a military point of view
as the French cannot easily be disturbed,
whereas, Smyrna, being on the main
land, its occupation might have more
serious results than desired. The French
Government, however, trusts that Hie
whole controversy will shortly be ar
ranged to its satisfaction, and hopes
that the treaty stipulations will be carried
out by the issue of irades, such as giving
certain French schools permission to in
struct, which thus far has been withheld,
and also by giving official recognition
throughout the Turkish empire to di
plomat lsued by the French medical fac
ulty at Beirout, etc."
Admiral Caillard Reports.
Following is the dispatch received from.
Admiral Caillard: "
"MITYLENE, Nov. 4. 11:40 a. m.-Ar
mored division arrived at Mitylene."
The dispatch does not mention any in
cident atending the landing, but it seems
certain that the French commander car
ried out his instructions, which were to
occupy three ports of the island and to
seize the customs.
One cruiser and three torpedo catchers
got separated from the squadron, owing
to the speed of the latter. The dispatch
boat, Mouette, which had joined the
squadron, was sent to meet them and to
accompany them to Mitylene.
America Watches Events.
WASHINGTON, Nov. s.— The seizure of
the Turkish island of Mitylene by France
may result in the collection of customs
from American ports in part satisfaction
of the French claims. To what extent
American commerce figures in the trade
of Mitylene the State Department is not
advised, but the fact that a consular
agent is maintained there is an im
portant indication that American goods
are imported into the island. While
American interests are not immediately
affected by the action of the French Gov
ernment, the dangerous complications
which may arise have undoubtedly caused
the authorities to look into the future and
consider what this Government shall do
in certain eventualities.
Secretary Hay and Embassador Choate
during their conferences to-day undoubt
edly referred to the Franco-Turkish ques
tion. The time is not yet ripe for the
United States to even formulate a policy
of action. France, it is believed, was
moved to adopt her present belligerent at
titude because of the fact that England's
hands are tied in South Africa. Even
should the Sultan appeal to Great Britain
to lend her assistance In the preservation
of his Asiatic territory, the London Gov
ernment would prefer to rely upon diplo
matic protests rather than force. Ger
many's interests in Northern Syria are
such that she would object to Turkish
partition unless she received proper rec
ognition. The possibility of a European
war is never lost sight of by the authori
ties and such an advent would naturally
deeply affect American interests. For this
reason it is proposed to keep a sharp
watch on developments now that the
French have gone so far as to seize ter
ritory. This Government has no desire to
force itself into European affairs and for
this reason the State Department has not
asked the Navy Department to send a
ship to the Eastern Mediterranean.
SULTAN RECOGNIZES
AN AMERICAN CONSUL
TJncle Sam's Representative at Har
put Has His Exequatur For
mally Conferred.
WASHINGTON, Nov. s.— The State De
partment has been informed that the
Turkish Government has issued an ex
equatur to Dr. Thomas Herbert Norton,
United States Consul at Harput, Turkey!
who was appointed to that position in
June, 1900. Dr. Norton has been without
the authority of the Porte to perform his
functions for nearly a year and a half
However, through the energetic efforts of
Lloyd Griscom, formerly United States
Charge d'Affaires at Constantinople, he
has been discharging informally for some
months past his regular functions in lieu
of the formal conferring of his exequatur
Turkey objected to the establishment of
an American Consul at Harput on the
ground that there was no commerce at
that place, but a short time ago Turkey
permitted the British Government to es
tablish a consulate at Harput and the
United States renewed its efforts to se
cure Dr. Norton's exequatur.
What Bargains Will Do.
The fourth anniversary sale of furniture
at Pattosien's, corner Sixteenth and Mis
sion, has been the most successful in a
series of successes of this popular houpo
The bargains offered have crowded the bijj
store. The same prices prevail this
week. *
American Church for Berlin.
BERLIN, Nov. 5. — The American
church committee has decided to break
ground this week for the new edifice The
building fund now amounts to $44,05) ' The
lot, which cost $36,600, has been fully paid
for.
Moldings! Moldings! Moldings!
The finest Eastern and local made pic
ture frame moldings ever shown in San
Francisco. Values without precedent
We have just received fifty-one cases of
the very newest things in moldings which
we make up in frames at very low prices
Sanborn, Vail & Co., 741 Market street. •
." THE EMPOBIXTM. ' | THE EMPORIUM. - . | THE EMPORIUM. | • THE EMPORIUM,
IS '¦'•'". ''¦ "¦¦¦•¦' ° \ J*
g A Sate of Burlap* Vlir Eili>Af^lllll Denims. Horn Hairpins J
is Pearl Buttons. 36 inches wide, plain coi- 1 ill' Si. ITtt ft wig mjf * ff¥§' New stock> Io plain 9c Dozen. I*
}? 100 gross perfect pure white Pearl ors and fancy djsigns; 9 I £}* ri} 1 • i^, t co'ors, yard wide, best 400 d zen 3 inch shell HoTfl ,5
ft Buttons; s:« 18, 20, 22 '16 nice patterns, ~ | Ji~ A m^'L?l^^^l!f \Y^~ "¦ qUa '' lty » Hairpins, in three best shapes, V
& ar«d ,4, 4 Hne f to-day 2OtS O9t ft!"C EdUPT ST <* F ISC worth ,c to aoc dozen; Q 5
ti card 2 dozen lot .V... 9c .^%M%* 825 TO 055 MARKET ST. 3. r. . *; m%9%+ to-day 9c <<
j^ : *r- ' - '¦¦-- ¦ - ¦ • - _3 .
i The marvelous growth of this great shopping place has been brought about by j
g r i at all times giving the most for the least money; by fair dealing; by liberality. - s
5 The big store advertises facts, and facts only, and its prices command attention. 5
I These SliPPers A DrOSS Goods Sale To-Day. $5.00 Hats, $3.15, 5
|/*V~ , '¦¦ '£''%, We place on special sale to-day nearly a thousand yards -p. . ¦J™ ** Only. %
5 /^^. Ladies' best quality f 11 t O J*.i o /-+ j"^t_ ThlB 1 "" ready- m
IkvV 3 ' strap sli PP » with of'^oc all-wool Suitings — Serges, Granites and Che- to-wear came-* :n
5 V <5» cut steel ornaments on Mixtures — in an excellent assortment of colors la . ir J Ha , ' 5
£ Ka*. is=3^ the strap: the prettily -t. , i^t-i . . ... ,„_ __ stitched reiver (fimß^BG^^^F^ %
i 4fN«la shaped t oe shown in and mixtures, at the deeply cut special price ffTFg% crown, and faced I^^STIJS^ :<t
V i^V^Sw picture; hand sewed, npr yard .... .... +*B%* with stitched S§?' "J
% .^. "^°V hand-turned sole; Louis —_J_ J '-^ i . velvet, a very «m W jf
5" X,. \XV h:e's; just the slip- ' Handkerchief Sate To-Day. pretty, well-mads \±f
* opera; price WmSin%MK.Gm W %SmMMGM %}riM& M IM—MJfciy. Hat, ani mater- - WZ-<f %
$ \ $2.25. From one-third to one-half off the prices of three j^. of a Jj ;£; £ -^^^
$mm _- ' — —~7 M very desirable lines of Ladies' Handkerchiefs, for this *»m; regJariy | 5 .oo; wed- mmm *i
I New Matenats fOr day only. — • -»- :....: $3*15 *
*f nOitday wwOl*n. 200 dozen Ladies' Union Linen Handkerchiefs, extra sheer, corded gSgf* Sate Of Siiiiat* ' *
i A new line of Purses and Bag Frames came ¦ c ect> wort h loc eacn; special Wednesday only %9G Fnn* F4aX * «
» in Monday. They are the 4, 4#,s*«| ,5O dozen Sheer Lawn Fancy Embroidered and Hemstitched Handkerchiefs, Saft Fr3neh ~!? ] * *> , " Gm \ S
X c*/, inch sizes. The finishes are French ¦>,., .  , } T , ,- . , , , San Francisco t lowest retail prices for the best m
1? gray oxidize, gold and gun metal. Prices With solid colored borders, I2^C value; on special sale to-day, g%^ % qualities of Groceries and Liquors are quoted X
«P ' range, each . . 800 tO $3*5Q each %9%0 by the big store. To-day: X
i' Purses and hagS mounted by ioo dozen Ladies' All- Linen Hemstitched Handkerchiefs; our regu- tf#»^ Granulated Sugar- The very bes t' x
I', US at very IOW rates. \ *, i' quality; on special sale to-day only, each WO &,££»£- 5,^..:"s ,^..:" SS.OO |
Jf Steel Beads— All sizes; bunch ISO fl^M^ tOr Crk*%4Hz*ll f£~MMW£* £ig|l»-The ver/ best Ranch Eggs;
* Gold and Silver Beads; bunch 2 He r BSiljS the .%JMJmBJ*MIM VRi&MMB&m strictly select fancy; to-day, dozen.. *HMC \k
$ Cut Jet Beads; string .. .'. SO The o ffi c - a i Flags for the two Universities on sale at the big store to-day an! balance of the week: L * undr y Soap— Cudahy's Damond C; a au- £
* NOW Cushion TOPS us being re- unt m a FlaaS— Ether the Stanford or U. C., with ribbons to attach to __ penor article; instead of 6 ban for 25c, to- 5
5 . ceived almost daily; our Flag Top, Elk ; Bll Sk??c2ef2ch:. . . 4OC m _**JL* m 'll'/>'l 25c $
J» Head, Dragon and two or three, styles in o/#fc. FatM s— Either Stanford or U. C, unmounted or mounted on spear- M - _-_ soda LracXerj—^-boxes (about 10 lb*. ) r.-sh J
IS round cushions are having a great run. Price ° * head Ua^each Si. OO , *»*¦ . cr ' S P', to^ a >; hox ' ~ 390 'i
* with back SO C and $1.00 — -j— --, r^_, n - # - — J— o , # , -, Sandwich Island Rice— Quality can 1 be beat; 'Z
2, A large assortment of cushion tops Off it BIG Of Ut*3Wn itOmTOrter Of fif Of fUC ordinarily 7c lb; to-day 5 lbs .. . 25c X
jr / with backs to match at ggc . . Ylork Linen. To-day, 5c yard. . SlJEfi^^iSV *¦¦*•• i
I Framed Pictures at As ons of our Wedntsday specials we offer a Only 1 600 yards to sell at this price. It is 30 R«s—New California- the me* 1 'K 'nV^T-T 5
$ rrametl rjetUreS at yery fine , me of p^^n^ squares, size inches wide, fine pattern, for comforter, and SHbyTpScwT '<
*C AbOUt naif* 24x24 inche, in a large variety of designs. draperies, a very special value at the Golden Dates— Per lb f On •«
\ft An extensive line of Piatinum Prints, consist- Som: are stamped, others plain. If bought bargain Wednesday price; per yard... OO |y||/ s y_shaw's' PuVe* Mat Wh^% '5
If ing of th: belt and most popular subjects and in the regu'ar way these fine Squares will be urn*--. ii n _ „ **— non- better for mediciml purposes: the «i 00 %
* co remarkably sharp and clear that it is al- 60c each, but we made a big special purchase WWOOi HOSG COCf bolt to-day 73 ~ «**
j^ mot impossible to dstinguish between them at a price which enables us to say *w» Ladies* Australian Lambs* Wool Hose; fast Riesling— 4 years oid:*iup<ricr qua itv- "to-day* 5
IS and the genuine platinum photos. Each ] for Wednesday vOO black or Oxford gray; plain orribbed gallon.. SSa'
If picture is prettily framed in a new and pleas- Also 50 dozen DoyliOS— Fine merino; heel and toe; pair 25 C Gin— Primrose London Club G ? n-*a* Very : choice 9
J ing ornamental, oval, fiber frame. Com- drawn work; you never bought anything like Ladies' Fast Black Super Fleeced Lined Hess; o d gin; to-day, bottle ' * Qfo *
j £ pete with glass and ring to hang; 'oo them under 1 5c each; we are going -«• extra high-spliced heels and toss; o%^, Puritas Ginger Ale -To-day dorn Mf2s M
I 5 regularly 50c each, to-Hay *J»C to sell thess to-day for MUG elastic top; p.ir JSOC Black Letter Claret— Pints 1 5c • 7tcr* $I.OQ *
| PURSE-OPENERS fl E CLOTHING SECTION. ~ I
I $20.00 Overcoats $13.65 ------ $12.50 Suits $3.93
IE The sale of Rosenberg & Co.'s fine Fall and Winter Clothing continues. We paid about 68c on the dollar. We «
X m . - are selling- them at about 68c on the dollar. It is the clothing opportunity of the year. /c^. jj
£ , llrajL Every garment was manufactured for this season's selling of new fabrics in the new styles. . * " '-*
$ I 4B^ A TnG OUGM*GO£Bit& We have divided into two lot 3» marking those that were made to sell -, 5
* ( T^'^l *~wm~m m^m^mmm^^ or^ 2o#ooa t^ l3>6s and those worth up to $13.50 at *o.j-- C* V | • g
J. ill \ J The ajsortmrnt of |ao.oo Overcoats includes the new Great Coat and the Yoke Overcoat. Those two pleasing styles which JbTyAv f *
*" 111 ' >i j~~^L fit closely at neck and shoulders and fall in long, loose, graceful lines. The materials in the coats ari black Thbets and M
*>^ |j ¦" , '*^&\7' / mf*^-. Cheviots in Oxfor gray, green and tan effects. Many of them are silk lined throughout. They £* +*%0% mm ' s £^ /*\ »"*
S> " " lir*^^ SZrjp are very smart, stylish Overcoats, fully worth f2o.oo; sale price .\ iffi> ftf .C^ •& / - ! ¦'¦ " ( 1 "*"
IS f \ j^ * I The cheaper Overcoats are good, serviceable, we"J-made, stylish garments of all-wool blue, back and brown / * I 3»
V 7 1 01 I \ Kerseys and Oxford gray and green Cheviots; a'so some handsome black Vicunas; all sizes; th: «ale 4t*f% 4% E" ' " L^* **
I / tT^\\"^*' j " cc ' • '* ••"• • s&*r»ipO /> ? s£ J
V />^s7///J J TIBG SultS Th ° f ° r mCn arC divided into two lots ' the hl her P rsced on « being f _^^-^^
* ( T^~ ,_ A , . made of the newest effects in all-wool fancy worsteds, rough J J€
ft? V /[ /'' J Cheviots and Cssimeres. Also fine qua'ity bue and black Cheviots— either the new military or the regulation cut coat. l/^tr^^^-^l _-— -Tflßf^ J*
l£ JyKjJ / ' I They equal in fit and appearance custom nude garments; and are worth in the regular way 5.00; &4g% m B s\* *h* m \£ 5
5 .jr^ the sa!e price....... „ &mU.YS\Y^ /\\ J
JS ¦. mm .-¦-.:;,-,'. The cheaper Suits were manufactured to sell for $150.1 50. The coats hare the broad military shoulders, the trousers are cut just as - U^/ \ VV — — yp^j 5
'" Mm they shou'd be, the materials are blu: and black Cheviots, nicely finished Cajsimeres and Worsteds, in pretty stripes and 4s"O £% B \ \ \ II
6 HI checks; suits to fit all sizes an! shapes of men; marked for this sale '. ,_. %&%S m 5r m 2) \ \ If
£ 1} F{%W+ BO^fS Hundreds of Suits and Overcoats for youths 12 to 20 years. Twenty fashionable styles \ \ •*
IS ''I ¦ %Mm a * U (i# I'w1 ' w to choose from. Strictly all-wool Cheviots and Cassimeres, in the Off V \ ' 5
X newest patterns and color effects. Excellent $7. 50 vaues — marked for this tale.. ; '. *$}£*"m%j>v& |\ : 'x
GUARDS WATCH
FOR RAILROADS
Serious Trouble Is Ex
pected in New Mex
ico Mountains.
EL PASO, Tex., Nov. s.— There are 500
armed deputy United States marshals, 2000
Southern Pacific and 600 El Paso and
Southwestern laborers stationed at a point
six miles west of here to-night in the
mountains of New Mexico, where the El
Paso and Southwestern is building a new
line into this city, and an outbreak is ex
pected at any moment. Fights have been
common to-day between the two contin
gents and serious trouble is expected.
The El Paso and Southwestern road is
building from Bisbee, Ariz., parallel with
the Southern Pacific across Arizona and
New Mexico and its entrance to this city
must be by the same entrance as the
Southern Faclfic.~~4is route leads around
the mountain side through a tunnel sev
eral hundred feet higher than the South
ern Pacific.
kS hoppers Profits
? ¦ . ¦ s: \ * ¦¦-. .' '- — •--' ¦-¦¦.-¦•' ¦ ' ¦ •'"¦.¦"'
The difference between the prices we quote to-day on
these stunning garments and their ordinary market value
represent one sort of profit that will be within your
reach for a brief time. The subtly contrived beauty of
dresses, coats and waists, so made that they simply must
4151^^. hang gracefully, represents a much greater profit, one
r-yJ^fF> that is peculiar to our clothes.
¦/¦¦^T. NORFOLK DRESSES.
§. Latest ' effect; tailor straps stitched on Jacket and
¦kirt; - satin-lined; flare skirt; all sizes in the fash-
ionable shades. ... -
A $20.00 Dress for $16.50.
42-INCH COAT.
All-wool Kersey; tailor-made; lined throughout with
heavy, tailor satin; tans, castors. Oxfords.; ..•:
m A $20.00 Coat for $15.00.
a Latest effect; tailor straps stitched on jacket and
¦klrt; satin-lined; flare skirt; all sizes in the fash-
ionable shades,
A $20.00 Dress for $16.50.
42-INCH COAT.
All-wool Kersey: tailor-made; lined throughout with
heavy tailor satin; tans, castors. Oxfords.
A $20.00 Coat for $15.00.
THE OPERA COAT.
lit - Long full cut: new Mikado sleeve and rich white satin
I \l\ linings; blacks and light tans.
/ l\vv Special Prices, $65.00 to $95.00
. Asyifk CLOTH WAISTS.
/ \. > - \\ v V ;¦ New effect: all-wool cloth, flannel, velvet and cordu- "
/ / u\ roys; all colors; hundreds of styles.
Special Prices, $1.25 to $8.50.
EVENING and THEATER WAISTS.
Charming street, evening and theater silk waists In blacks and all evening shades.
Special Prices from $4.50 to $16.50.
KELLY &. LrIBBE^S
Cloak -^ttlcL yS\i i t House
ISO Ke^rnyvSt.
Two thousand Southern Pacific work-
men are now laying track in the valley
and not a thousand feet away 600 El Paso
and Southwestern men are tunneling
through a mountain to enter the valley,
where there are 500 guards stationed to
enforce an injunction brought against the
Southern Pacific.
FUGITIVE PRESIDENT
OF BANK SENDS OFFER
Agrees to Return Misapplied Funds
if Criminal Proceedings Be
Dismissed.
NEW WHATCOM, Wash., Nov. s.—De
positors of the defunct Scandinavian-
American Bank of this city have received
an offer* of settlement from Its fugitive
president, H. St. John, otherwise known
as Dix, who last January absconded after
looting it of every cent of deposits and
taking a goodly share of the money pom
in for its capital stock, more than $25,000
all told. The offer came in a letter de
livered to-day to Receiver Muir by a man
whose identity the receiver was pledged
in advance not to disclose.
The fugitive says that if the depositors
will sign an agreement to dismiss all
pending criminal and civil proceedings
against himself and other officers and di
rectors of the looted Institution he will
make a cash payment of 25 per cent of
their claims and payment of the remain
ing 75 per cent in quarterly payments, all
to be paid within one year.
The letter is believed to have come from
South Africa. St. John says that Cashier
Oleson and a former attorney for the
bank, S. M. Bruce, are with him.
ACCUSES HER
OF MORE CRIME
Massachusetts Chief of
Police Tells of Top
pan Case.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BOSTON, Nov. 5.-Chlef Wad© of the
State Police said to-day that Nurse Jane
Toppan, now awaiting a hearing on a
charging of poisoning Mrs. Mary D. Gibbs
at Cataumet last August, had been un
der suspicion before the four people com
prising the Davis household were taken
ill. He added that while the newspapers
had commenced with the deaths at Catau
met and traced Miss Toppan in Loweil
and Cambridge, the authorities had their
attention attracted to a case in Middle
sex County and after inveatigating the
nurse's life in that county they had been
led to Cataumet shortly after the death,
of Mrs. Davis.
Chief Wade said that Detective Whit
ney commenced an inquiry during the
early summer at the request of District
Attorney Weir, who had reason to believe
that one of Miss Toppan's patients had
not died from natural causes. For weeks
he followed the cases Miss Toppan had
treated in Cambridge and Lowell and was
accumulating a great deal of evidence cal
culated to confirm the belief that there
was something wrong about the nurse' 3
methods.
While Weir and Whitney were in the
midst of their investigation in Middle
sex County Mrs. Davis died in Cambridge
a-nd Miss Toppan went to Cataumet.
Chief Wade then advised Whitney, who
was the only officer familiar with what
had been done, to go to the Cape and
learn what he could find there about the
nurse, at the same time keeping track of
her movements.
CHARLES COLLIER JR.
WOULD GO TO CONGRESS
Friends of the San Diegtm Are Boom
ing Him for the Republican
Nomination.
SAN DIEGO, Nov. s.— The announce
ment is made by an evening 1 paper of the
candidacy of Charles Collier Jr. of this
city for the Republican nomination for
Congress in this district. Mr. Collier de
nies that he has ever said that he was a
candidate, but will not speak so stoutly
in reply to a question as to whether he
will be in the future.
The district is unrepresented at present
— that is. Congressman Needham, who re
ceived his support from most of the coun
ties of this district, does not now reside
within its boundaries, his county having
been joined with San Joaquin County In
another district. This ground is therefore
considered open to all candidates and Mr
Collier's friends have been urging him to
enter the lists.
Roanoke Rye, Honey and Horehound.
Get it You'll not regret it. «
TRIBAL FIGHT AMONG
INDIANS NEAB SITKA
Adoption of the Frog as a Family Em
blem Leads to a Clash, of
the Natives.
PORT TOWNSEND, Nov. 5.— A severe
windstorm has prevailed all day on the
straits of San Juan de Fuca and oft Cape
Flattery, causing delay to shipping. This
morning the revenue cutter Bear started
for Comox^ B. C. to coal before sailing
£"*. San Francisco, but after reaching
»l"i t^. llson returned and remained her*
until this evening.
A tribal fight between Indians residing
near Sitka, which a few months ago near
ly precipitated riot and bloodshed, has
been settled by the courts, according to
advices from Sitka. The trouble com
menced over one tribe using the frog as
a family emblem and engraving a frog on
an immense totem pole erected at the en
trance of their village. Members of an
other tribe that for generations had
claimed the frog as its emblem gathered
in large numbers and proceeded to de
molish the totem of the offending tribe.
Specialists
£53 M en
fiKSfjT Strictly Reliable
o £Js*ss\&& S I The Largest Prac-
\-\\\lJl tice on the Pacific
Coast*
Dr. f aicott & Co.
Many Men Treated for a Weak-
ness Which Never Existed.
IN THE LARGEST PROPORTION OB*
cases of lost vitality, prematureness and
the train of symptoms known as . "weakness "
certain morbid conditions of the uretha and
prostate gland, damaged by early dissipation.
too often repeated and too long continued ex-
citement so react on the organs that a condi-
tion of diminished vitality and function is in-
duced. Our knowledge of the morbid changes
In the orfrans themselves is quite clear and
full, but how these changes operate on the
nerves and spinal cord center are mysteries to
the medical profession. Whatever the morbid
change may be. however, the effects are ap-
parent in the embarrassed sufferer; these '
troubles being symptomatic of the above men-
tioned and well-defined morbid conditions, it -
seems that even the unprofessional patient
must understand that stomach drugging will
not cure, but efforts directed toward repairing
the damaged tract will restore. In practice
such is the case, as the treatment on these
lines never fails to accomplish the desired re-
sult. Colored chart of the organs sent on ap-
plication.
Contracted Blood Disorders,
Hypodermic Injection the Modern
Treatment.
After ten years' use of this method we hay«
had no reason to change: on the contrary, our
belief increases daily from reports of patients
treated who have married and suffered no re-
lapse. It offers the following advantages, via.:
Saves time for the physician and patient, as
well as labor, office visits being rendered Infre-
quent. Besides, little change Is necessary in
diet or habits of life, the disease is readily
concealed and permanent cure is effected in
a short time; the stomach is not drugged, and
the precise dosage is obtainable. The expense
also is greatly reduced.
Contracted Disorders.
Under the treatment pursued before irriga-
tions were established six weeks was deemed
the duration of an acute contracted disorder.
If it proceeded beyond six weeks It was con-
sidered to have gone into chronic condition.
From statistics compiled from our practice in ?
the past five years, covering over &JOO cases, we
can show thai 90 per cent of our patients have .
recovered in fourteen days or lees. It 13 there-
fore equally proper to hold that a case not en-* I
tirely cured within two weeks must be con-: ¦
sidered a chronic one, and some complication
has arisen for which the patient should see a
I specialist. We invite free consultation on this
subject, and offer an experience of over twenty
years; in fact, we can positively assert that'
we have never failed to cure in a single ts>»
stance. ¦ i^.W**^— WQlyL!J|* l*WB"l *WB"
Portland Office cor. 3d and Alder st.
San Francisco Office 937 Market st.. cor. Sit. /
78
RIVAL COLLEGES MAKING FINAL SELECTION OF MEN FOR FOOTBALL TEAMS
BOTH ELEVENS SHOW IMPROVEMENT
ON THE FIELD IN THEIR PRACTICE
Bert Oliver, Former Reliance Guard, Will Referee the Big
Game Saturday, Dr. Walter E. Garrey, a Former
Chicago Player, Being Umpire — Ax Rally at Berkeley
AT BERKELEY OVERALL, THE RIGHT GUARD ON THE UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA FOOTBALL ELEVEN,
DEVOTES ALL HIS LEISURE TIME TO PRACTICING PLACE KICKING FROM THE FIELD. THIS IS THE
PLAY WITH WHICH STANFORD WON THE INTERCOLLEGIATE GAME LAST YEAR.
BERKELEY, Nov. 6.— The Califor
nia football eleven scored three
touchdowns against the scrub
team this afternoon, redeeming
itself In a measure for the poor
showing; it made yesterday. Much spirit
was shown by the varsity, and although
the second eleven played a gritty game It
was unable to stop the bucks through its
line and the runs around Its ends for long:
and repeated gain*. Practice lasted
twenty minutes.
The line-up of the big eleven showed al
most to a man those who will play Satur
day. Gendotti was back at center and
Overall and Albertson were in their po
sitions oi right guard and left tackle, re
tpcctively. Stow is undoubtedly out of
the game said Freshman Stroud now holds
his place at left guard. Braly is also out,
Hansen having secured right tackle. Starr
played left end and Hudson right end.
More played quarter, Womble right half
and Mini left half. As Duden is etill suf
fering from bruises Hamilton was put in
at full. The line-up in the Intercollegiate
will take in the men who were on the
gridiron this afternoon, excepting Hamil
ton. There will be some shifts in posi
tions. More cannot last through a i big
game. Il.j<Jfon in that event will go to
quarter. . Womble to end and W hippie to
half. Starr and Dlbblee will both play at
left end.
In to-night's play Womble made two
touch-downs and Overall one. But one at
tempt was made to kick a goal, More
sending the ball between the posts with
precision. The men had no lack of
coaches. Besides Simpson and Hopper
there were on the field Prescott Scott and
George Cadwalader, old Yale men, and
Clay, Kerfoot, Thane and Whipple,
former college players.
To-morrow will be the last day of heavy
practice. Thursday and Friday the men
will run through the signals, the closing
work being done in secret.
The famous Stanford ax. which was
captured two years ago by Berkeley root
en» ( will be brought to the gridiron to
morrow afternoon at the beginning of
practice. The rooters will assemble at the
gymnasium at 4 o'clock and In procession
will inarch to the field. They will be led
by the college band and by Football Cap
tain Womble, who will carry the ax.
Womble' s successor a 6 custodian of the
ax will be elected and an ax rally held.
On Thursday evening a smoker will take
place in the gymnasium. Among the
speakers will be Dr. G. C. Pardee, J. R.
Glascock, W T . R. Davis, Frank Powers,
Professor T. R. Bacon, Professor W. A
Setchell, E. E. Harris, W r . E. Creed, J. W.
S. Butler and J. H. Steinhart. A quartet
from the Medical College will sing.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Nov. 5.—
The air was just right for hard work on
the gridiron to-night, and the two elevens
"mixed" things vigorously. The secon-1
team repeated last night's performance
by plowing through the varsity line time
after time, at one time bucking the var
sity nearly the length of the field before
losing the ball.
However, during the greater part of the
practice the bis team demonstrated clear
ly its superiority. The men appeared
somewhat erratic, at times playing star
ball and frequently being exceedingly
ragged in their work. The coaches are
trying a number of different men for
nearly every nosition on the varsity, so
the line-up for the big game seems to be
by no means decided. To-night Smith and
Allen were played at ripht half, and both
showed well, especially on end runs.
Smith at one time getting loose for twen
ty-five yardß around left end. Roosevelt
was tried at left tackle on the varsity,
playing the position creditably, at times
even brilliantly, scoring a touchdown on
a thirty-yard run around right end. Van
Sirkle was substituted at right guard for
Barnhisel. showing up well, particularly
in smashing up interference. Lee played
varsity center during the entire practice
to-night.
Cooper Clark, Tarpey. Preston and
Butterfleld were all given a chance at
playing end positions this evening. It Is
hard to choose the best two men of the
bunch, but Cooper would certainly be one
of them. Tarpey distinguished himself by
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 6, 1901.
a brilliant run of sixty yards around left
end for a touchdown. This was the most
spectacular feature of the practice, and
the stocky freshman captain showed he
knew how to give the "straight arm," for
he left several would-be tacklers in his
wake.
"Guiby" Dole, fullback on the second,
and Dougherty, right half, played in
varsity form, going through for good
gains repeatedly.
Treasurer Edwards to-night announced
that Dr. Walter E. Garrey, a former Chi
cago player, will officiate as umpire in
the intercollegiate game, while Beit
Oliver, former Reliance guard, will re'
eree. Dave Brown, Stanford '97, and Ev
erett Brown, California, will be the time
keepers, and J. T. Nourse, Stanford '99.
and Clay, California, linesmen.
SUPREME COURT CLERK
ROOT SUED FOR DIVORCE
His Wife Alleges He Deserted Her
and Their Two Children in
January, 1900.
George Root, Clerk of the Supreme
Court, was sued for divorce yesterday
by his wife, Minnie Root. The com
plaint alleges desertion.
The Roots were married in San Benito
County in 1888 and have two- children-
Hazel, aged 12, and Lloyd, aged 10 Mrs
Root alleges that her husband deserted
her In January, 1900, and has since re
fused to live with her. She asks for the
custody of the children. Root was elect
ed Clerk of the Supreme Court in 1898
John Cassidy filed suit for divorce
against Maymee Cassidy on the ground
of desertion, and Lars Peter Opsvie
against Cora Lydia Opsvlg for desertion
Don't Leave San Francisco
Without seeing those unique Mexican
carved leather goods and pretty Califor
nia souvenirs. It coßts nothing to so"
them at Sanborn, Vail & Co.'b, 741 Marke*
street •
JEFFRIES REDUCES
WEIGHT RAPIDLY
Takes Off Twelve Pounds
in One Trip on the
_ Road.
Dslaney Sums Up the Quali
fications of the Heavy
weights.
HARBIN SPRINGS, Nov. s.— As a re
sult of resting on Sunday and drinking a
lot of water Jeffries scaled 226 pounds
yesterday morning. He said he felt log
gy when he arose in the morning, but
thought this feeling would disappear as
soon as he took up his daily gymnasium
work. After playing handball he punch
ed the bag. In the midst of his exercise
he told Trainer Billy Delaney he felt lazy
and thought he would do no more indoor
work that day. Jeff said he had visited
a neighboring spring Sunday and sam
pled all the waters to be found within a
radius of two miles, and as a result grew
heavier. In order to take off the extra
weight and return to his normal condi
tion, the champion donned heavy clothing
in the afternoon and went on the road.
"Kid" Eagan drove a fast horse to pace
the big fellow. Jeffries returned three
hours later soaked through and through
with perspiration. After being rubbed
down with coarse towels, Jim mounted
the scales and, much to his satisfaction,
tipped the beam at 214^. pounds. He felt
proud of his achievement of taking off
twelve pounds in an afternoon.
Jeff is satisfied with his condition. He
says he proved to his own satisfaction
yesterday afternoon that he was in shape.
He told his training mates he had the
endurance and strength to go a great
distance and all he needed now was
greater speed: that in future he would
eschew all beverages, and would go into
the gymnasium with a view to getting
speed.
It seems almost impossible for Jim to
become any faster on his feet. In hand
ball he skips around the alley with the
speed of a lightweight. When boxing he
moves fast and never tires. Delaney is
glad Jim is to give up road work. He
feels that it will do his protege harm if
he does too much of this kind of train
ing. Delaney likes to see the champion
box speedily and take exercise that will
fit him "or a fast pace.
No Wrestling for Jeffries.
Jeff seems to have the utmost confi
dence that he can handle Ruhlin despite
his great size and bulk. Sim. is a giant
in strength, and therefore takes it for
granted that Gus will not be able to bus
tle him around the ring or act badly in
the clinches. He has therefore taken no
wrestling exercise. Fitzsimmons, Corbett
and others always had a heavy wrestler
in camp they could haul around at will.
Jeff does not do this, because he has had
little trouble handling opponents who
tried to hang on or act roughly in the
clinches. In his memorable battle with
Sharkey in the Pavilion at San Francisco
some years ago the sailor tried to rough
it. Jeffries did not like tuis style of light
ing and wanted to break clean. Tom,
however, continued his tactics, and the
next time he tried to throw Jeff around
the champion grabbed him by the arms
and Shook the "marine" as he would a
misbehaving child. Sharkey quickly dis
continued this style of fighting. It was
then that ring goers marveled at Jeff's
great strength.
The big fellow is a pleasant sight to
look upon. He is the picture of health
and he walks with a briskness that de
notes strength and agility. ills skin is
tanned and is as velvety as a babe's. His
muscles are supple, yet as hard as iron
when contracted. His legs are like col
umns of stone. Colonel Fuiton J. Berry
of Fresno, who is staying in camp,
watched the big- fellow move toward the
gymnasium to-day and he confidently
told Brother Jack that as soon as Jim
was through fighting he would borrow
the fighter's underpinning for his piano.
Jim's eyes are as clear as crystals. In
handball he rarely misses a stroke; in
boxing he seems to see every move his
opponent makes, and in shooting at a
mark or a bird he invariably makes a
bullseye. He has been in these moun
tains now nearly two months and the air
and surroundings have fitted him to enter
the arena ready to go any distance at any
pace.
Delaney's Views on the Hen.
Billy Delaney was asked to-day to give
his views to The Call on the men who
will soon battle for the championship.
The veteran trainer reluctantly did so,
because he is averse to talking for pub
lication. He prefers to let his work show
in the ring. However, he spoke as fol
lows:
"Jeffries possesses qualifications that no
other fighter his weight enjoys. He is the
heaviest pugilist the world has ever pro
duced. He can run as fast, if not faster
than any man his weight. He can hit In
proportion to his weight. In fact, he can
deal a knockout punch with either hand.
It has been proven conclusively that the
champion is a glutton for punishment.
There is no doubt about his gameness.
His record in half a dozen battles has
proven he has determination and courage.
In all his fights he has shown that he pos
sesses endurance. The longer the route
the stronger he appears to be.
"Jeff went to work in the iron foundry
whan a boy and his training has stood
him in good stead. I have always had a
theory that there is no pasture for a colt
like hilly pasture and Jeffries' early train-
Ing bears this out.
"Jeffries is but human and has his lit
tle vices, but unlike the many of his fel
low-men he does not carry his vices to
excess. Jim is not of an excitable nature.
He does not lose his head when he has
his man whipped. He does not rush in to
give the finishing blow, but like the care
ful ring general he is, he awaits his op
portunity and then lands. In my opinion
Jeffries is the fairest fighter that ever
stepped Inside the ropes. Although not a
Corbett in regard to cleverness, he pos
sesses a style of his own and manages
to hit his opponent, no matter how shifty
he may be.
"As to this match with Ruhlin— l was
always opposed to it because I consider
Gus to be the most dangerous man in the
heavyweight division. As for Ruhlin — he
is also young, strong, clever in his own
way and has a heart in proportion to his
body. I mean by that that Ruhlin can
take a beating. If there is any yellow in
his composition it has never come to the
surface. His twenty-round draw with
Jeffries must not be overlooked. It Is true
that both were inexperienced, but they
were on even terms. Their progress has
been rapid and the question to be decided
is, "Who has made the most of his op
portunities?' Both men have had fine
training quarters and every opportunity
to get in condition. Ruhlin is In good
hands and if either man goes to the post,
out of condition he has no one to blame
but himself."
RUHLIN BEFORE THE CAMERA.
Goes Through Training Exercises in
Front of Moving Picture Machine.
When Gus Ruhlin awoke yesterday
morning he thought he saw before him a
comparatively restful day, but before he
got through with Photographer Burns,
representing the Edison Company. Gus
found that doi/fg training stunts before a
moving piGture machine was not as soft
a Job as he thought it would be. It is
quite certan he will hereafter consider the
moving picture man a synonym for hard
work. For two hours Ruhlin worked out
before the camera. He did not omit a
single training stunt.
The camera was set up on the road
outside Blanken's, and Gus did all his
work in the open air. He went through
it with his usual snap and vim. It was
not a mere show-off before a camera,
but a sesslqn of hard training. Ruhlin
cut out his usual road work, but gave
O'CONNOR ON JANICE BEATS VARRO
OUT A HEAD FOR THE HANDICAP
San Venado Takes the Opening Event at Oakland — Heavily
Played at Short Odds, Obia Runs A\yay From Her Field.
Gibraltar Succeeds in Earning a Pair of Brackets
JOCKEY WINNIE O'CONNOR
spoiled an excellent break for the
books at Oakland yesterday, when,
on the favorite Janice, he beat the
outsider Varro a head for the free
handicap. For a time it looked as if the
last named horse had the purse at his
mercy, as he was only galloping with
Waterbury and his light impost of 95
pounds. Meehanus was me runner-up,
but under protest. After none too pleas
ant a voyage from the time of leaving
the seven-furlong post, O'Connor moved
Into third position with Janice In the
stretch. Stealing up under full pressure
of whip and steels, he nailed the two
leaders and in a furious drive got tue
verdict by a head. Varro only beat Mee
hanus a neck, and Waterbury was
blamed for throwing the race away.
However it must be considered, O'Con
nor has had possibly a month or so more
experience than the younger boy. Brutal
started, but was bumped at the start.
Flush of Gold did not make much of a
showing, nor did Sir Dougal.
There was an excellent attendance and
a vast improvement in the betting was
noticeable. Favorites divided honors with
longer priced horses, winning three
events.
Sandy McNaughton's brown horse San
Venado made his introductory bow in the
opening sprint. Even with O'Connor in
the saddle, the ring laid 5 to 1 about San
dy's latest purchase, and he disposed of
Blanche Sheppard, an outsider, by half a
length. McNamara, the favorite, cut off
before reaching the stretch, finished in
the show.
El Oriente, from the Baldwin stable,
could have walked in ahead of the big
bunch starting in the mile selling run,
but injudicious rating landed him fourth.
After moving up into first position from
far back in the rear, Lodestar, piloted by
Burlingame, was nabbed and beaten a
neck by Tony Lepping, a 9 to 1 shot.
Mortgage, the favorite, early had a gen
teel sufficiency of the game.
Royalty appeared minus any sort of
condition in the two-year-old sprint,
which left it an easy mark for Hainault.
Ed Lanigan's youngster closed a 6 to 5
choice and won on the bit from Botany.
The Schorr entry, Commissioner Forester,
ran third.
Quite apparently by the betting on the
mile and a sixteenth selling affair, Fly
ing Torpedo was not ready, and the price
about Obia fell from o to 5 to 7 to 10. Sir
Hampton did his best, but failed o make
P. Ryan's filly extend herself, she scor
ing comparatively easy in 1:47 flat.
The firm of Burns & Waterhouse won
their first purse of the meet with Gibral
tar in the last number at six furlongs.
The old sulker outbroke his company and
won all the way. Alfred C. the favorite,
tired, losing the place to Sea Lion.
Track Notes.
Billy Cahill will be here with some
horses after the Roby meeting.
W. J. Langford reports a big increase In
the combination book play.
Frank McMahon, looking like a fashion
plate, is back after a trip to England.
Frank raced Alaria and Stromo in Mon
tana the past season.
To-Day's Entries.
First race—Five furlongs, purse, all ages.
(2764) Doublet 117 2293 Ishtar 34
2764 S. for Scandal. 107 2764 Scorpia 112
2764 Yellowtail 115 .... Royal F1u5h....115
2606 Abba L. 107 2765 Strongoli 112
(2768)Hagerdon 117 (2781) Gibraltar 115
2764 Frank Bell 117
Second race—Futurity course, selling, two
year-olds.
2419 Phyllis 102 2667 Inocencla 108
... Halmetta 104 2627 Glendenning ...108
2119 Maraschino ....102 2700 Parizade 104
Third race—Six furlongs, selling, three-year
olds and "upward.
2769 Torsida 107; 2767 Mike Rice 105
2457 Imperious 107 2764 Tower Candles. 106
2038 Edinborough -.106 234S Loving Cup 105
2680 Bernota 98 2536 Ttzona 103
2699 Matt H0gan....105 1217 Uppercrust ....103
2170 Mrs. Brunnell.. 98 2770 Mid. Chimes...lo3
2767 Ben Led! 107
Fourth race—One mile and 70 yards, han
dicap, three-year-olds and upward.
... Barb. Fritchie.. 95 2612 Sylvan La 55....100
2774 Lavator 98 (2774)Autolight 110
2764 Articulate 96
the camera man a shot at him as lie
usually comes In from the road. Then a
race was arranged between RuhUn.
"Denver Ed" Martin and ' Charlie
Goff. While this is not one of the fea
tures of Ruhlin's training it illustrates
his hundred-yard dashes which improve
his wind. All three pugilists were on
their mettle for the race. They got an
even start, but Ruhlin, who was in bet
ter physical shape, won easily. The boys
tried to jolly Ruhlin into the belief that
they could beat him if they were In as
good condition as he is, but Ruhlin called
their defi by offering to bet them any
amount of money he could leave them be
hind In or out of condition. When Gus
told his sparring partners that he could
do 100 yards in twelve seconds they
laughed at him. Ruhlin got a bit net
tled and offered to bet any amount that
he could do the distance in that time
right then and there.
Billy Madden came to Runun s aid and
the argument gave way to a rope-skip
ping exhibition, all of which was taken
in by the camera. Gus performed all his
feats in regulation gymnasium costume.
The most interesting part of the day's
work was the one-round boxing bouts be
tween the Akron fighter and his two
trainers. The first round Ruhlin took on
"Charlie" Goff, who is a fast, clever
fighter. They went at it hammer and
tongs, Ruhlin of course holding back the
full power of his punch.
He banged Goff about the body and
face in clever style and showed a marked
improvement in his boxing. The fact
that he has not done any boxing for
some time made him fast and lively, and
the exhibition was exciting. After the
bout with Goff Ruhlin and "Denver Ed"
Martin went together for a fast round.
They pummeled each other hard and
often, and in this bout Gus exhibited a
remarkable improvement. Those who
have not seen the big Akron fighter han
dle his mitts since he fought "Joe" Ken
nedy here two years ago would be sur
prised at his rapid strides toward per
fection. His delivery and defense have
been strengthened and he looks every
inch a match for Jeffries.
Ruhlin holds himself practically in an
upright position and maintains this po
sion except occasionally, when he as
sumes a slight crouch to block or jab
with his left. In fiddling his man out
Ruhlin keeps both arms switching up and
down between his stomach and jaw,
forming a barricade that the quickest of
boxers would find hard to break down.
This manner of defense Ruhlin claims is
equally as good as the crouch. Instead
of smothering a blow Ruhlin meets it
with his arms and sends it off in another
direction, leaving his opponent open for
a hard counter.
By the time Gus was finished with the
camera man both he and his manager,
Billy Madden, thought it was a full day's
work.
Christmas Holidays in Mexico.
Southern Pacific special train leaves San
Francisco December 18. Los Angeles De
cember 19, reaching Mexico in time for
the holiday celebrations. Round trip, San
Francisco $80, Los Angeles $70. I'ersonally
conducted. Dining-car, Pullmar. sleepers.
Limit sixty days. Low side-trip rates.
Optional Itineraries. Make reservations
613 Market street, San Francisco; 261 South
Spring street, Los Angeles.
THE CALL'S RACING FORM CHART.
OAKI*AND RACETBACX— Tuesday. Nov. 5. 1901.— Weather fine. Tracfc^ £aat.^
2776. FIRST KACE— Six furlongs; selling; three-year-oids and up; value to first. 1836.
~ ' Betting.
Index. Horse, Age. Wt. St. %. \. Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op. Cl.
... San Venado 6 112 5 5H 2n 2 1 1 H 19. M. Naughton.. .O'Connor 4 »
2604 Blch Shepp"'d 4.. .111 2 11 11 In 3 1 iB. A. Chilson Brodien 10 3u
2706 McNamara, 4*. 107 1 «H 4 2 3 2 3 5 |\V. P. Magrane * Co..Rnch S-3 »-2
2705 Sugden 5 109 7 « Z 5 2 51 i 1 W. H. MeNames. . . .Tullett 3 4
1450 Ned Dennis, 4 11l 4 3h 31 4h 54 D. C. McCarthy Hoar| S 00
2695 Katie Walcott 4.. 107 8 810 7 2 6 2 SI E. Kaufman Bozeman| a S
2583 Scallywag 3..'.... 106 3 21 63 71 71 D. S. Fountain... Matthews| I 5
2759 Gold Baron 5 107 6 71 85 85 So H. L. Haakell-.Birkenruthj 10 20
2684 IFirelight 11, 4 10tf 9 9 9 9 9 |J. Creeley Howaoni SO 100
Time — %, :24y«; %, :49; %, 1:14. Good start. Won first three driving. Winner. S. Mc-
Naughton's br. h. by Duncombe-Lizzie B. Winner was ready and received a vigorous
ride. McNamara in pocket around far turn. This beat him. Sugden can do better. Scal
lywag quit suddenly. Scratched— Bonitary 104. ,^_~~~~~r^wwv».
1-TZ. SECOND RACE— One mile; selling; three-year-olds and up; value to first, $325.
: j " ~~ I Betting.
Index. Horse, Age, Wt. !St. .%. %. Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op. Cl.
2769 Tony Lepping, 3.. .103 4 7Vs 6 4 41 In Newman & Eagan. . Winslet 5 T
2767 Lodestar, a 109 10 6h'42 1^ 24 D. O'Keefe Burlingame 12 •
276T) Bedner, 3 103 7 3h 2 1 24 3n» P. Ryan Birkenruth t 10
2758 El Oriente 3 101 9 2Vi 3J i 3 h 4 5 E. J. Baldwin & Co.Ransm S 10
2705 The Singer, 4 109 11 11 7y, 5 1 5 H VV. P. Magrane A Co..O'Cn 5 S
2089 Lady Med'some, 5.. 109 3 4Vt 11 7 1 6 1 J. W. Schorr J. Woods 3 4
1855 Mortgage 4 109 6 i 4 lh 62 71 Burns <& Waterhouse..Rnch 2 8-5
2701 Pegalong,' 3 100 11^, 5 1 82 82 F. D. Weir Hoar 30 30
2765 Alas, 4 109 5 B^Bl 92 92 H. C. Ahlera J. Walker 10 20
2749 Joe Hock, 5 113 2 9 9 H 10 10 T. Case Romero 40 50
... B. F. Mason, 4....109 8 10 10 11 11 W. O. Matthows. .Matthews 40 80
Time— %. :23>4; %, :50>4; %, 1:16^: mile, 1:42%. Good start. Won first three driving. Win
ner, Newman & Eagan'n eh. c. by Donatella- Epinal. Tony well handlad. Lodestar away
badly and a tough piece of horseflesh to ride. Bedner ran his race. Had Ransom let
Oriente go to the front that horse would have won. Mortgage won't do. Scratched — John
McGurk 100.
2778. THIRD RACE— Five furlongs; gelling; two-year-olds; value to first. $325.
' Betting.
Index. Horse and Weight. St. H. %. Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op. Cl.
2700 Hainault 103 2 23 21 11 15 E. Lanigan Hoar 6-5 «-5
2766 Botany 103 1 14 14 22 25 E. E. Edwards. .Birkenruth 8 10
Com. Forester 110 3 3h 4 M 5 2 3 H J. W Schorr J. Woods 10 $
2704 Royalty 103 7 52 5 2 4^45 W. B. Sink Jr Ranech 8-5 S
2766 Silva Cruz 108 5 4H 32 3h 55 E. J. Baldwin & Co.Ransm 8 20
2650 Yankee Dame 103 8 610 63 63 «4 Mrs. Havey 4 Co..Tamplin 15 20
Jerry Edwards 103 9 72 75 75 78 T. Hayes Winsletta 10 30
2771 Bourbon Kinff 103 4 9 8 8 8 \V. H. Ketcheman.. .Adams 7 30
Dukeof Richelieu. .lo3 6 8 9 9 9 H. Gottung Waterbury 10 50
Time— %, :12%; %, :23%; %, :45%; %, 1:01. Good start. Won easily. Second and third driv
ing. Winner. E. Lanigan's br. g. by St. Carlo-Übbertiflibbet. Winner had speed to burn
and waited on Botany. Forester about ran his race. Royalty's speed due on next steamer.
Others outclassed. Scratched — Flourish 115.
2770. FOURTH RACE— Seven furlongs; free handicap; all ages; value to first. $400.
Betting.
Index. Horse, Age, Wt.jSt. %. H. Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op. Cl.
1993 Janice, 3 10713 2h 56 31 lh d. B. Morris O'Connor 8-5 9-10
2768 Varro. 3 95 4 12 11 In 2n <"} W Miller. .. .Waterbury 8 30
2764 Meehanus, 5 104 2 54 3h 31 31 'Caesar Young Ransch 3 7
2137 Brutal, 3 105 6 6 6 52 4 2 ! Burlingame S. F.. Matthews 7 11
2768 Flush of Gold. 4. ..103 5 3 I<£ 4 n 42 510 Owen Brothers ,- 8 in
(2703) Sir Dougal. 4 109 1 41 2h 6 6 jP. Sheridan & Co..J. Woods « 8
Time— %, :13%; %, :24V4: %, :49%; K. 1:14^: %, 1:27%. Good start. Won first three driving.
Winner, G. B. Morris' eh. f. by Midlothian-Rosette. O'Connor outrode Waterbury at the %
close. Varro was best at weights. Meehanus tried his best. Brutal knocked out of it at
start. Sir Dougal can do much better.
2780. FIFTH RACE— I 1-16 miles; selling; three-year-olds and up; value to first, $325.
I BattinsT
Index. Horse, Age, Wt. St. %. %. Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. I Op. Cl.
2768 Obia. 3 100 113 12 In l^iP. Ryan Ransch! 6-5 7-lrt
2768 Sir Hampton. 4. ...107 4 2% 21 25 28 'George Miller .. ..O'Connorl 3 J
2768 Morinel. 6 105 24 3n36 35 !M. Storn J. Matthewsl 7 12
Flying Torpedo, 3.. 99| 3 3 h 4 4 4 |Ezell & Lazarus.. Birkenrthl 2 «
Time— l-16, :07; %, :25; %, :50: %. l:^; mile. 1:41: 1 l-16m, 1:47. Good start. Won easily
Second and third driving. Winner. P. Ryan's b. f. by Pardee-Day Dream. Obla had speed
and was fittest. Morinel not at her best yet. Flying Torpedo not acclimated.
2781. SIXTH RACE — Six furlongs; selling; three-year-olds and up: value to flrst, $325.
I Betting.
Index. Horse, Age. Wt.|St. %. %. Str. Fin. | Owner and Jockey. Op. Cl.
2767 Gibraltar, a 112 113 13 14 12 ißurns & Waterhse.. Woods! ii 3
2769 Sea Lion, 6 116 4 42 45 31 22 Caesar Young Ruiz. 1 5 7
... Alfred C, 4 114 2 21 2n 23 3n F. Phillips O'Connorl 2 U-5
(2693) Flamero, 5 11l 61 61 42 48 D. Cameron ... .Birkenruth i 8 4
2755 Bob Palmer. 3 106 3 55 52 68 53 TE. McLaughlin. .Ransom 10 20
2G54 Rinaldo. 6 107 7 61 7 7 6 3 William Cahill Hoar 10 13
2775 Nona B. a 109 5 3n 33 53 7 W. H. Ketcheman.. Math wa 8 30
Time— %. :24%; 14. :48*4; *L, 1:14*4. Good start. Won easily. Second and third driving. Wtn
ner Burns & Waterhouse's blk. h. by Stonehenge-Chemise. Winner away flrst and noth
ing could reach him. Sea Lion ran a nice race. Alfred C is fast and will improve. Fla
mero awaY poorly. Nona B quit.
Fifth race— Seven furlongs, selling, three
year-olds and upward.
2767 Gusto 103 2256 Romany 96
2761 Oscar Tolle 107 2702 Billy Moore 101
2612 Horton 106 2767 Koenig 102
(2780)Obia 105 1 2775 Hungarian .... 98
(2770) Impromptu ....107 r64 Prejudice 100
Sixth race — One mile and an eighth, selling,
three-year-olds and upward.
2772 Einstein 101 2769 Whaleback ....107
2772 Justus Goebel.. 95 2773 My Gypsy 101
2772 Free Lance 107 2769 Miss Vera 104
2689 Artilla 104 2769 Lizzella 110
FIND A BODY
IN A BARREL
Chicago Authorities Are
Puzzled Over Mys
terious Crime.
CHICAGO, Nov. s.— The remains of a
man whose head had almost been severed
from his body were discovered in a flour
barrel on a strip of prairie near Rice
street and Western avenue today.
The victim's feet were securely bound in
a gunny sack and the body was doubled,
from which It was apparent that difficulty
had been experienced in forcing It
into the receptacle. Besides the wound
in the neck there was a deep gash on the
man's face.
Roccio Cantre. a saloonkeeper, identified
the body as that of Antonio Napoll. who
left Chicago a year ago and whom Cantre
had not since seen. Napoli was in a party
of twenty-five Italian laborers who
reached Chicago last night from lowa
Center, lowa. Chief of Police O'Neill
suggested that the man had been the vic
tim of a vendetta, as a dollar was found
on the body.
The place where the barrel was found
has been used for years as a dumping
ground. Twelve years ago it furnished
another murder mystery which has never
been cleared up. The victim of this other
crime was Amelia Olsen, a domestic
The gunny sack in which the dead man's
feet were tied bore the name of Battolo
An Italian fruit peddler, Vincenz Batolli
has been arested by the police, who dis
covered in his shop several barrels and
bags similar to those in which the body
was found.
After an investigation detectives de
clared that the murder had not been
committed where the body was found but
that the grewsome burden had been
brought to the spot in a wagon The
barrel had been secured at both ends but
in dumping it from the vehicle one of the
heads had been knocked off. Had it not
been for this accident the attempt to cSn
successfut WOUM probably have been
GOLFERS CONTEND ON
THE PRESIDIO LINKS
Second Round of the Handicap Match
Play Tournament Is Now
; Nearly Completed.
¦ In the handicap match-play tournament
against "bogey" yesterday on the Pre
sidio golf links only seven contestant
handed in their scores, CharlM P v«n
handicap 7, and C. R. Wtosfow h?«rt?*
cap 7. tieing with 4 down (Lr™ r
Cooksey handicap 9. waV?'doS?T W
Byrne, handicap f, came In 7 SS; c F
Probable Winners.
First race— Royal Flush. School for Scandal.
Hagerdon.
Second race — Glendennlng. Parizade. Hal
metta.
Third race — Tower of Candles, Bernota, Edln
bo rough.
Fourth race — Autollght. Lavator, Barbara
Fritchie.
Fifth race— kDbia. Impromptu, Oscar Toll*.
Sixth race— Lizzella. Free Lance. Miss Ver«.
Mullins. handicap 8, .H. A. Blackman
handicap 6, and T. G. McConkey. wen* 8
down.
The second round of the handicap match
play tournament, the opening round of
which was completed on Saturday is
nearly finished, the results being as 'fol
lows:
H. C Gdcher. handicap 3 strokes, beat
John Lawson, scratch, 2 up 1 to play-
W. H. La Boyteaux, handicap 3 strokeV.
defeated Warren Gregory, scratch 2 up
and Captain D. J. Rumbaugh, scratch'
proved victorious over Rolla V Watt
handicap 6 strokes, 4up3 to play S L.'
Abbot Jr.. scratch, and J. H. Mee." handi
cap. 4 strokes, have not yet played their
match, the result of which must be hajici
ed in not later than next Saturday after
noon. The contestants in the semi-final
round will be H. C. Golcher. W H La
Boyteaux. Captain D. J. Rumbaugh and
the winner of the Abbot-Mee match
RUSSIAN EMBEZZLER BEFORE THE
HAK.— Simeon Ivanowgrln, alias Valentino
feamaska. a young Russian accused of having
embezzled 25, 0C0 rubles from a flrm in Rostov
on t,:e Don was taken before United States
Ur »« C i )ml sl seloner He «cock yesterday and
identified. Thursday morning at 9 o'clock was
set as the time for the hearing on the extradi
tion proceedings.
IEHTSttWiENr
A Most Remarkable Remedy Thit
Quickly Restores Lost Vigor
to Men.
A Free Trial Paekazs Sent by Mall
toAll Who Write.
Free trial packages of a most remark-
able remedy are being mailed to all wao
will •write the State Medical Institute
They cured ao many men who had battled
for years against the mental and physical
suffering of lost manhood that the Insti-
tute has decided to distribute free trial
packages to all who write. It is a home
treatment, and all men who suffer from
any form of sexual weakness resulting
from youthful folly, premature loss or
strength and memory, weak back, varlco-
cele or emaciation of parts can now cure
themselves at home.
The remedy has a peculiarly grateful
effect of warmth and seems to act direct
to the desired location, giving strength,
and development just where it is needed
It cures all the ills and troubles that come
from years of misuse of the natural func-
tions and has been an absolute success in
all cases. A request to the State Medical
Institute. 32S Elektron building. Fort
Wayne, Ind., stating that you desire ona
of their free trial packages, will be com-
plied with promptly. The Institute is u>'
sirous of reaching that great class of me.l.
who are unable to leave home to b*
treated, and the free samples will enable
them to see how easy it is to be cured oC
sexual weakness when the proper reme-
dies are employed. The Institute makea v
no restrictions. Any man who writes will
be sent a free sample, carefully scaled in
a plain package, so that its recipient need
have no fear of embarrassment or pub-
licity. Readers are requested to write
without dal&y.PLENTY MEN TO GO 'ROUND AND SOME
TO SPARE AT TWO SOCIETY FUNCTIONS
Miss Nalle of Texas Is Guest of Honor at Ball
Given by Miss Ruth Dunham at
Cotillon Hall.
SALLY SHARP
THE same delightful state of affairs
as vailed at the charity ball last
evening— a majority of men present
—was noticeable at the dance given
by Mi:;s Ruth Dunham in honor of
Miss Naile of T*xas. Cotillon Hall, the
scene cf the ball, was gorgeously decor
ated for the affair with a wealth of white
and low chrysanthemums and potted
palms and trailing vines.
Miss Ruth Dunham received her guests,
assisted, by her sister. Miss Dunham;
Miss Nalle. Mr. and Mrs. Orestes Pierce.
Mr. and Mrs. C. O. G. Miller. Mr. and
Mrs. Donald Y. Campbell, Mr. and Mrs.
Alpheus Bull, Mr. and Mrs. Bradford
I^avitt, Mr. and Mrs. Fred Magee, Mr.
and Mrs. Thomas Bishop, Mr. and Mrs.
Robert Campbell and Mr. and Mrs. An
cre-w Carrigan.
Miss Ruth Dunham wore a dainty gown
of pink chiffon over pink silk.
Miss Nalle, the guest of honor, wore a
very pretty white crepe gown, elaborately*
trimmed with lace.
Miss Dunham was very handsomely at
tired in a •white satin gown, trimmed with
lace.
Amorg those present were:
Mies Carmen Moore, Miss Jacquelin Moore,
Mim E'i.th Selby, Miss Sophia Pierce, Miss
Onevleve King. Miss Georgiana Lacy, Miss
Martin, Mlse Leslie Green. Miss Mattie Liver
tsore. Miss Bessie Palmer, Miss Irene Bangs.
Miss Amy McKee. Miss' Gertrude Allen, Lieu
tenant iind Mrs. Robinson, Miss Gertrude Van
•W'yck, Miss Charlotte Ellinwood, Miss Pearl
lender?, Miss Therese Morgan. Miss Edith
Bull. Mm Marie Bull. Mis* Marie Wilson, Miss
Edith Miller of Sacramento, the Misses Kate
and Clsira Chabot. Miss Bruce, Miss Birdie
Bruce. Miss Irene Baker, Miss Katherine Bun
nell, Ml»s Lode King, Miss May Denman, Miss
Jessie Flilmore. Mis» Gibbons, Mine Marjorle
Gibbons. Miss Florence Tates, the Misses Win
zr:burfr*r. Mice Ardella Mills, Miss Elizabeth
Mills. V Im Oaf kill, Miss lone Fore, Miss Marl
POSTUM CEREAL.
PARALYSIS AND COFFEE.
Symptoms Disappear When Drug Is
Abandoned.
"Tea and coffee were forbidden by my
phjTrtclan, for I had symptoms of paraly-
sis, and It wu plain that the coffee was
the cause of the trouble. I began using
Postuin Food' Coffee and am now a steady
advertisement for Poetum. The old symp
tome of paralysis disappeared In a very
brief Ume after I began the use of Pos-
tum and quit '_he use of coffee. Do not
use my name publicly, if you please.
Morrow, O. The above name
can b«! given by the Postum Cereal Co.,
Ltd., Hattle Creek, Mich.
Coff«-e is such a direct poison to th-?
nerve centers of many highly organized
people that it produces all sort 3 of disor-
ders, :'rom stomach and bowel troubles,
palpitation of the heart, kidney troubles,
etc., etc., up to more intricate nervous
diseases, auch as paralysis. The way to
¦"veil is to leave off coffee or any
Ti destroyer of that sort, and use Pos-
um Food Coffee, which is a direct re-
builder of the nerve centers. Sure and
Vell-d<;nned improvement in health will
follow this course, ac can be proven by
any person who will make the trial.
etta Havens Miss Margaret Mcc, Miss Char
l"tve Field, Miss Maye Colburn, Miss Crissie
Taft, M:bs Helen Kline. Mies Leontine Blake
man, Miss Bessie Center, Miss Olive Holbrook,
Miss Elmore of Portland. Miss Edith Preston,
Miss Norma Preston, Miss Edith Allyne. Miss
Florence HuEh. Miss Maud Woods. Mies Ethel
Crellin. Mi6s Hester Prlngle and Miss Blanche
Sharon.
\V. K. Crawford, Frank Etringham, Joseph
King, Percy King, John H. Mee. Fred Coon,
Douglas Waterman, Dr. Collins (U. S. A.*,
Dr. Morton Gibbons, Everett Bee, Mr. Mnrphy.
Sidney Salisbury, Ferdinand Stephenson, Carl
Schilling. Rudolph Schilling, Worthlneton
Ames, Cleve Baker, Fred Sherman. Arthur
Geisfl'er. George Gage. Bernard Miller, Dr.
Greehleaf Frank B. King. Walter Gibbons.
Clay Goodwin. Benjamin Upham, Will Hush,
lieutenant FJettison. L/ieutenant Brower, Lieu,
tenant Lowenberg. Lieutenant Embrick, Lieu- !
tenant Murphy, Allen Garwood Wright. Hugh ,
Brown. Roger Chickering, Emerson Wharfleld. ¦
Joseph Rosborough, William Drown, Cyrus
Miller, George Beardsley, Arthur Markwart,
Robert Campbell. Mr. Corbusier, Harry Hol
brook George Whipple, Ensign Skipworth. Au
gustus Costlgan, Lloyd Lacy. Frank Owen,
Paul Miller, Horace Miller, Thomas V. Bake
well John Bakewell. Clarence Kempft", Will
Breeze Russell Field. Charles Field, Stanley
Moore ' Prentiss Selby. Thomas Knowles, 'Wal
ter Bliss Duncan McDuffle. Daniel Belden,
John Spreckels Jr.. Philip Clay. Norman Liver
more J K. Moffltt, Covlngton Pringle, Walter
Starr Harry Fair, Burbank Sommers, Arthur
Goodall Miner Cooper, Claude Terry Hamilton,
Whipple Hale and William Wood.
BAZAAR FOR MEMORIAL
PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH
Ladies Complete Arrangements for
Three Days' Fair to Raise
Needed Funds.
The members of the Ladies' Aid Society
of the Memorial Presbyterian Church will
hold a bazaar to raise funds for the
church. The bazaar will open to-morrow
in Masonic building, corner Fourteenth
and Railroad avenues, and will continue
for three days.
The hall has been beautifully decorated
for the occasion. The ladles will have on
sale a large collection of useful and orna
mental articles. A fine literary and mu
sical programme will be rendered every
night. The ladies In charge of the various
booths are:
Lunch department— Mrs. George W. Kelley,
Mrs David Dodge, Mrs. F. Jerguson. Mrs. P.
J. Ayhnes, Mrs. Etta Walrath, Mrs. J. Hyde,
Mrs. J. A. Burnes, Misses Nettle and Jennie
Buries and Miss Edna Stumme.
Fancy table— Mrs. T. C. Leary, Mrs. J. H.
Molema.
Domestle table — Mrs. Aimee Donzell, Mrs. H.
N. Bevier.
Spanish cafe— Mrs. James I*. Davis, Miss L.H-
He Hare. Mrs. E. B. Smith.
Confectionery— Mrs. May Schmeekenbeeker,
' Miss Addle Walratn.
Camera and art department— The Four Cs
' Camera Club committee. Miss Effle Lewis, Miss
Ethel Hyde, Mr. and Mrs. William T. Stocks,
MiFF Alice Ayhne*. Alfred Ayhnes. Orin H.
Wilklns. Ed Wilcox.
Grab ba«— Mrs. H. S. McDougall, Mrs. George
McDougall.
Cake and preserve stand— Miss Alma
Schmeekenbeeker, Miss Pearl Wairath. Miss
Leona Ayhnee, Miss Zoe Guider, Mist. Alice
Robbins. Mies Marruerite Starr.
Lemonade well— Miss Leona Ayhnes, Miss
Gertrude Rose, Miss Zoe Guider, Miss Mar
guerite Starr.
Icecream comer — Mrs. George Kelly, Mrs. J.
A. Burnes. Misses Nettie and Jennie Burnes.
INSPECTOR ADAMS PROMOTED.— W. F.
Adams, a Customs Inspector, has been pro
moted to the position of examiner at Honolulu
at a salary of $1200.
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 6, 1901.
SOCIETT MATRON AND A YOUNG LADY OF THE SWELL SET WHO
ARE WORKING FOR THE DOLL SHOW AND A CHARMER WHO
WAS ADMIRED AT THE CHARITY BALL.
Brilliant Assemblage at Mrs. Osbourne's
in Honor of Mrs. Alice Meynell,
Famous London Essayist.
THERE was a gathering of brilliant
women and clever men at the home
of Mrs. Lloyd Osbourne, 1100 Lom
bard street, last evening In honor
of Mrs. Alice Meynell, the brilliant
London essayist, who is visiting the
Misses Tobin in this city.
Mrs. Osbourne received her guests, as
sisted by Mrs. Isabelle Strong and the
Misses Constance and Ruth Kirkpatrick.
A feature of the most delightful evening
was the piano playing of Miss Hullah.
Among those present were:
Miss Sarah D. Hamlin. Mr. and Mrs. Charles
Wheeler. Dr. and Mrs. Rosenstirn, Miss Rosen
stirn, Mr. and Mrs. Joseph Austin, Professor
and Mr?. Heath, Lieutenant Hetherington,
Lieutenant Kearney, Dr. and Mrs. Jordan, Gel
ett Burgess, Bruce Porter, Robert Porter, J.
Lilienthal, Mr. and Mrs. Robert Hochstadter,
I Mrs. Tobin. the Misses Tobin, Mrs. Emma
i Shafter Howard, Miss Mary Williamson, Mr.
j and- Mrs. Julius Webber, Mrs. Charles B. Por
ter, the Misses Smith. Mr. and Mrs. T. Magee,
Thomas Hill, Mrs. Horace Davie, Mr. and Mrs.
Coxhead, Mrs. Clinton Jones, Dr. and Mrs.
Russell Cool, Mrs. Herbert of Honolulu, Mrs.
Walters of Honolulu, Mr. and Mrs. John Lloyd,
Mr. and Mrs. Harry Orr and Mrs. Norris.
*. * *
The many friends of Judge William L.
Pierce and Mrs. Honora Sharp will . be
surprised to hear of their marriage, which
was quietly celebrated yesterday after
noon in the presence of only their imme
diate relatives.
Judge Pierce has resided in this city
for the last five years and was formerly a
Judge of the Superior Court of San Diego
County. He was a widower for some
years and is the father of two daughters
Mrs. L. R, Works, wife of a well-known
attorney in San Diego, and Miss Opal
Pierce, who has resided with her father
at 912 Bush street.
Mrs. Honora Sharp was the widow of
the late Attorney George F. Sharp, who
died In 1882. She is possessed of a laree
fortune. George F. Sharp ai»d his brother
Sol Sharp, were pioneer attorneys of Cali
fornia. Reueben H. Lloyd entered their
offices when a young man and secured
considerable of the firm's patronage when
the members passed away.
Judge and Mrs. Pierce left last night
for the East and will be absent two
months.
• • •
Slowly but surely all the details for the
POPULAR YOUNG MAN
IS CALLED TO REST
H. C. Porter's Funeral Takes Placa
To-Day From Masonic
Temple.
Herbert C. Porter, who died last Satur
day, will be buried this afternoon at 2
o'clock from Masonic Temple. The de
ceased was a member of the firm of Por
ter & White, undertakers, and was one
of the most popular young men in this
city. He was a prominent member of
the Masons and Elks and also of the
Press Club.
Mr. Porter was the son of the late W.
H. Porter,, one of the pioneer undertakers
of this city. He leaves a wife, who was
in the East at the time of his death.
Two delegates each from the Masons,
Elks and Press Club will act as pall
bearers.
Brave Deeds,
Romance, and all the arts and graces are
constant companions to those on whoao
walls are hung beautiful pictures. You
will be surprised to find what you can get
at our store for little money. Sanborn,
Vail & Co., 741 Market street. •
great doll show to be given by the Doctor's
Daughters at Native Sons' Hall on Fri
day and Saturday are nearing completion.
At last, after much perturbation, the men
of the society Florodora sextet have de
cided upon the details of their costume.
It Is to consist of a frock coat, silk hat,
patent leather ties, white spats and a
huge chrysanthemums for a boutonniere.
Yesterday two more boxes were disposed
of. The purchasers were Mrs. Edward
Barron and Miles T. Baird.
Yesterday afternoon the girls of the
sextet met at the residence of Miss Ber
nice Landers and spent the hours in mak
ing the fetching pink boas, which will be
one of the prettiest features of their cos
tumes.
The box holders have also had their
troubles. Naturally it was the dress ques
tion that caused the annoyance. In fact,
what to wear became with them such a
complex problem that many of the box
holders got together to discuss the all
important subject. Finally it was decided
that full evening dress, as for the opera,
would be de rigueur for the opening night.
Saturday night's costume is left to the
discretion of the wearer.
The doll's house is now at Sloane's re
ceiving the careful attention of the men
in the carpet department. When the car
pet layers and furniture makers get
through with it it will probably be the
handsomest doll house ever seen In this
city.
.¦ _ _'_¦_'_ j'; /¦;;'¦ ' . ADVERTISEMENTS. - .
f <£§S!^ V A HOMECVRE. \
X /[ «Li W Thousands of women who are living quietly, amid the luxuries of home have hidden suffering. M
p IX^^^r^r^^JL if They start at every little jar or noise. They become irritated at the slightest cause. They suffer peri- Si
im^|i^» N^ s c^\* t ~^/J^*' > Ml odical pains but have little understanding of what causes them. If they went to a doctor for an exam* ©
g| |ji > \ IH M . (nation they would be shocked to hear they had "female troubles'* — a prospect which strikes terror to II
f> jtismms&f \ffJl M a woman's heart. Female troubles come on gradually, but plain warnings tell of their app.oach. §a
m JraSSPEsra^&VT re X ou nervous ?
I- dSßSSfiir^ffiSf'^JK^i 0 Do little things annoy you ?
I vjL §» [ *i Do you start at every sound ?
M t nL.'^F^^ u^B|^ 1 M Are you discouraged and miserable on certain days, then elated again the next ? &£<
pj; m!* / A'/C'A? a^. B Are your menses painful or irregular?
If?&lKlI WINEo'CARBUI I
MI I '!^^Q\(iiiMiwi% Hi3i " your answer "y**" to an of these questions you should hoi be deceived You are suffering Jm
m xE^^^Ml II 111 1 \I TV jf~~*S^* H with male troubles and should begin the Wine of Cardui treatment at once. It will cure you as it §||
I It JwVt a na cured I* ooo - 000 other women. It cures in the privacy of the home. No private examinations, f»
n \^O|»!v/ 51 r B No operations. Could relief be easier ? Try Wine of CarduL f||
M 9 " Texas, December 3, 1900.
fa |lErHK^^ V/ji'gt-^y 0 I received a. copy of the Home Treatment of Female Diseases and my -wife and I read it all through. II
m W^r3^ >T. S~~^~^^' I My wife was very unhealthy. She has been using Wine of Cardui thirteen months. It gave her good Jjf
fcfl fZZ^Z\E=^==~~^ B " health and we are all more than thankful for your book and advice. It did her more good than any other GK'
HI I^Xl^ — "^ m medicine in the world. May you prosper I I shall ever use your mfdicin*. in my family. F. P. REID. V|
"^^^^ H Dopartai«it,» literature, address, symptoms, "The Ladies' Advisory jdSf
JaL Department," The Chattanooga Medicine Company, Chattanooga, Tena. xSr
¦- ' "¦' ¦'¦¦¦'¦¦•¦' 1 \, . ; .."-¦-.'"• .--r ,•...¦¦,¦.:'•-¦•'¦•".-....¦-.-•'¦ ¦ ¦ ¦i. *¦¦¦_¦ -* ¦. . • . ¦". ¦ --~ , . — ¦ -' — ••¦ - "' •
Charity Ball Draws a
Throng of Fash
ionables.
ONCE in many moons one's wildest
dreams apropos a social function
comQ true. Such a realization
was' last night's charity bait— a
magnificent affair, with nearly
twice as many men as women present.
I do not know how the ladies having the
affair in charge happened to bring »botrt
such a delightful state of affairs, but this
I do know, every girl present was de
voutly thankful for it.
I never saw a more elegant gathering
than that one assembled in Golden Gate
Hall last evening. This, too,. In spite of
the fact that many of the girls and a
large number of the men had accepted for
the Dunham ball, to which they managed
to go later in the evening.
This,' the first charity ball for many
many seasons, showed that an affair of
this kind may be altogether exclusive an.l
still yield a large sum for the intended
charity. Tickets for last evening were
sold at $2, and the long list of those pres
ent will make the Children's Hospital
many dollars the richer.
The ladies of the auxiliary, who had
the affair in charge, acted as a reception
committee. They were:
Miss Carolan (president of the auxiliary),
Miss Genevieve Carolan, Mrs. Gus Taylor, Mrs.
Will Taylor, Miss Georglna Hopkins, Mrs. Law
rence Scott, Mrs. Walter Martin, the Misses
Laura and Gertrude Bates, Miss Charlotte
Field Miss Ella Morgan. Miss Therese Mor
gan, Miss Edith Mcßean, Miss Minnie Hough
ton Mrs. John F. Merrill, Mrs. Henry T. Scott,
Mrs. J. B. Crockett, Miss Olive Holbrook, Miss
Cora Smedberg, Miss Bertha Smith, Miss Linda
Cadwallader and Mrs. Frank Griffin.
Those present were: Mr. and Mrs. E. Q.
Schmledell, Mrs. Lieutenant Potter, Lieutenant
and Mrs. Stout, Mr. and Mrs. James Bishop,
Mrs. Carrie Van Fleet, Mr. and Mrs. Winthrop
E. Lester. Mr. and Mrs. Joseph D. Grant. Mr.
and Mrs. W. F. Fuller, Mrs. Eleanor Martin,
Mrs. Florence Frank, Mr. and Mrs. Daniel T.
Murphy, Mr. and Mrs. W. B. Bourne, Mr. and
Mrs. Wyatt Allen, Mr. and Mrs. John D.
Spreckels, Mr. and Mrs. George H. Lent. Mr.
and Mrs. J. B. Crockett. Mr. and- Mrs. Henry
T. Scott. Mr. and Mrs. Wakefleld Baker, Colo-
nel and Mrs. Middleton, Dr. and Mrs. Beverly
MacMonagle, Mr. and Mrs. Charles Mclntosh,
Mr. and Mrs. Edward Eyre, Mrs. Smith and
Mr. and Mrs. Maillard.
Miss Coffin, the Misses Borel, Misses Grace
and Lillian Spreckels, the Misses Allen, Miss
Josephine Loughborough, Miss Leontine Blake
man, Miss Emma Grlmwood, Miss Isabelle
Kittle. Miss Jennie Blair, Miss Pearl Landers,
the Misses Collier, Miss Louise Harrington,
Miss Edith Huntlngton, Miss Bertha Dolbeer,
Miss Alice Schussler, Miss Lulu Schussler, Miss
Meta Page. Miss Ruth McNutt. Miss Sophie
Pierce, Miss Edna Dickens, Miss Olive Hol
brook, Mlsa Helen Wagner, Miss Alice Sprague
and Miss Marjorle Gibbons.
Mr. Quay, Bryant Grlmwood, Douglas Water
man, Harold Smith, Knox Maddox, Percy
King, Edgar Peixotto, Cyrus Miller, Augustus
Costigan, Samuel Boardman, Reddick Duperu,
Angelo Comte. Percy Towne, Orvllle Pratt, W.
D. Page, Allen Kittle, Burbank Sommers. Rob
ert Eyre, Frank King, John Sanborn, Harold
v j- ~ , ADVERTISEMENTS^ ¦:. U- :
I^l^ The Annual Subscription Offer of "^S*^
I The Youth s Companion
Gives Reasons for Subscribing Now. See Offer Below.
.! . Illustrated Prospectus for the 1902 Volume sent . *•
Free to Any Address. . v,
. > ¦ - ,
Copies Free* m
' I "I Every New Subscriber who will mention this paper or cut
/. ¦ *¦' I ' ' E oat this slip and send it at once with $1.75 will
I receive :
I .¦-;¦". '/*"- I FREE— AII the issues for the remaining weeks of 1901.
- - §\\ • »*« ' FREE— The Thanksgiving and Christmas Numbers, . '
M. .-^B^^ FREE — The Companion Calendar for 1903, lithographed %
/ «S >n 1a colors and gold.
-jp^^- *J?SRBi And The .Companion' for 53 weeks of 1903,— more than 330 £
stones, 50 special articles, anecdotes, etc. U
* nm now tin J«au»ry, 1903, for $1.75.
jtiE>» <g<KB^i The Yoath't Companion, Boston, Mast, J^^feSifv. *
MRS. CARROLL McAPIE.
PASSES AWAY IN PARIS
Itaughter of J. B. Haggin Dies
Far From Home and
Friends.
News has been received in this city cf
the death of Mrs. Carroll McAfee, daugh
ter of J. B. Haggin. Mrs. McAfee died in
Paris yesterday. No details of her death
or illness have as yet been received by
the members of her family residing In
this city.
Mrs. McAfee had been ill for some time
and had gone abroad In the hopes that a
change might be of benefit to her health.
Wonderful Enid Brandt.
A large audience gathered last night at
Sherman & Clay Hall to hear little Enid
Brandt's first recital of this season. The
child has grown amazingly In the last
year, and her difficult programme was
rendered with a technical mastery, a
grasp of her subject that astonfahed and
delighted her hearers. Last year the lit
tle girl's tiny hands could not reach the
octave; this year she plays all the diffl
fiUlt octave work In the "Weber Concert
Stuck without missing a note. In other
ways, too, her technical grasp has broad
ened, her tone deepened, and It is Indeed
difficult to believe, if. one closes one's
eyes, that It Is only a ninevyear-old" child
that is playing. The Weber Concert
Stuck is an extraordinary effort of mem
ory, besides Its other difficulties, but Enid
seemed much more than equal to her
task. Other numbers on the prograrrima
were the Chopin Nocturne In E flat; a
splendid rendering of Mendelssohn's
Spinning Song; "Flatterer" of "Charml
nade," played with an almost comical ma
turity; Thome "Mandoline." Chopin E
Minor Waltz, Mendelssohn's "Rondo
Capriccloso," and two wonderfully clever
little compositions by the gifted child,,
valse "La Petite" and "Danse An
tique." The amusing "Musical Teleg
raphy" experiments were repeated and
aroused anew the wonder of the audi
ence. Little Miss Brandt is to play agafn
on Saturday afternoon next and no one
can afford to miss her.
Christmas in Mexico.
Do not overlook the exceptional oppor
tunity to witness the numerous ceremo
nies, civic and religious, quaint and gor
geous, attending the Christmas celebra
tions' in Old Mexico which will be afforded
by the Southern Pacific excursion leaving
San Francisco December 18.
Short stops will be made at Los An
geles, El Paso and Zacatecaa. The trip
will be personally conducted. Dlning-cais
will be attached. Rate $S0 round trip.
Stop-overs at pleasure on return trip.
Receiver Wants Compensation.
Meyer Jacobs, receiver of the Rawhide
and App mines during the litigation be
tween W. A. Nevills and William H.
Martin et* al., filed a notice yesterday
of a motion to pet aside the dismissal
of the suit. The motion will be made on
tho ground that the dismissal was made
without notice to said receiver and with
out his consent. Jacobs also, filed a pe
tition for compensation aa receiver and
asks for $7500, besides $3000 for John
H. Durst, his attorney.
Crowell. Welborn Burnett, John Lewis, Wil
liam Collier Jr., Frank Glass, Wlnfleld Jones,
Walter Bliss. Harold Blanchard. Lieutenant
Babcock. Mr. Backus. Joseph Tobin Jr., Gene
ral Young, Captain Kirkpatrick, Hugh White
Adams, Mr. Hanlon, Walter Bates, Lieutenant
Rodney, Mr. McCormick, Fred Bottom, George
R. Field, Henry W. Poett. Dr. Ebright,
Christopher Froelieh, Edward Brewer. Regi
nald Norris, Wilfred Page^. Gerald Rathbone,
Edwin McAfee, Messrs. Smith, M. de Cou
lon and Dr. Brownell.
SHIP PAHTTEH RECEIVES
PBOBABLY FATAL STABS
R. Mcoander, a Longshoreman, Ar
rested and Identified as the
Knife-Wielder.
R. Menander, a longshoreman, was ar
rested yestewlay afternoon by Detectives
McMahon and Ed Gibson and locked up
in the "tanks" In the City Prison. He
was taken to the Receiving Hospital lat
er by the detectives, and Frenz E. Pat
erson, a ship painter, living at 222 Jack
son street, who was lying there, identi
fied him aa the man who stabbed him
twice during a fight in a saloon at Jack-
S'^n and Battery streets Monday night.
Menander will be held pending the result
of Paterson's injuries.
The two met In the saloon and as Pat
erson, according to Menander's statement
to the police, had threatened to "do him,
up." Paterson asked him to come outside.
Menander started to go out and Paterson
struck him. knocking him aown. Menan
der again started to go out and was again
knocked down. The third time he got
outside and they started to tight, but
Menander did not remember cutting Pat
erson.
Paterson is suffering from two serious
wounds, one on the right and the other
on the left side, and it is not improbable
that they will prove fatal. When he was
taken to the hospital he said he fell down
Telegraph Hill and cut himself on th«
rocka.
Although It's Not Christmas,
Tet Christmas is near to the out-of-town
dealer who wants to get the pick of San
Francisco Christmas things. We have the
best line of Christmas novelties in this
cfty. All visitors interested In this line o£
beautiful goods are welcome to inspect
them, whether they wish to buy or not.
Sanborn, Vail & Co.. 741 Market street. •
¦ ? »
Boyal Italian Sand Concert.
To-night the first concert of the return
engagement of the Royal Italian Band
will take place at Metropolitan Temple.
The following excellent programme will
be given, and it is expected that a large
audience will greet the brilliant band of
artists that made so favorable an Im
pression on their first visit here.
March, "Dlavoli Rossi" (Rlvela) ; overture,
"William Tell" (Rossini), pastoral by Signorl
Lammaca and Fenilo; trumpet solo. "Non a
•Ver" (Mattel), Slgnor Palma; mazourka. "A
Punto de Pledi" (De Angel is); "Lucia," sextet
(Donizetti), Signori Palma. Aiala, Marino,
Curt!. Liberatore and Basile; "La Oia^nnrta"
(PoUchlelli), prelude, Dance of the Hours,
galop; soprano solo, "Ernani" (Verdi>. Mme.
Barilf; "Carallerfa. Rustlcana" a
bell chorus (b), intermeazo; "La Gioconda."
finale act 3 (Ponchieli), solos by Signori Palma.
Marino *nd Curti.
An Appreciative Public
Crowded the big furniture store of Pat
tosien. Sixteenth and Mission streets,
drawn thither by the unparalleled bargains
in furniture, carpets and curtains offered.
To the many who were disappointed
through rush of business the same bar
gains are offered this week. •
Dies After Violent Hysteria.
Jack Baker, a laboring man, who was
brought to the Emergency Hospital from
33 Tehama street at midnight Monday
in a state of violent hysteria, died yester
day morning at 11 o'clock. The hospital
physicians were unable to decide the
cause of his death and the body was re
moved to the Morgue, where an autopsy
will be performed to determine the cause
of death.
The swiftest bird known to the natural
ist is either the vulture, which is said to
make 150 miles an hour, or the English
kestril, which can probably equal, if not
exceed, this speed.
910
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS. •
Ac quotations from Aew York.
San Francisco grain markets closed.
Silver and Exchange unchanged.
Provisions zeeak and dull.
Hides firm and selling well. Tallow weak.
Hops dull, with buyers and growers apart.
Wool quiet at previous quotations.
Meat market amply supplied with all descriptions.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs about as before.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables in good supply.
Another car of Eastern Poultry in. Market steady.
Game again showing the effects of warm weather.
Grapes and Berries arriving late. Cranberries weakening.
Nothing new in Dried Fruits.
Local stocks and bonds continue quiet
Receipts and Exports in October.
LUMBER — Receipts of Lumber at this port
during the month of October were as follows:
From Calif ornia, 14,780,000 feet; Washlngrton,
l£.fr43,ot>o; Oregon, 6, 415, 000. Total receipts, 84,-
UMM feet.
The exports during the month were S, 858, 983
feet.
SALMON— Receipts of Salmon In October
were 476,082 cases and 1970 pkgs. The exporta
were tUJM cases and 5049 pkgs.
COAL— Receipts of Coal during the month
were as follows: From Pueet Sound, 60,382
tons; British Columbia, 25,584; Oregon, 3340;
England. 21,K>€; Australia, 19,345; Baltimore,
aOi*, making the total receipts 133,243 tons.
Shipments of Grain.
The British steamer Milton was cleared yes
teiday Ut St. Vincent for orders with 12,822
iKillhr barley, valued at $16,001; 51.554
ct!B bi-eiviHK barley, vaiued at $70,715, and 27,
lumber dunnate. valued at $356.
The British shiu Elhsland was cleared ye»
terCny for Queenttown for orders with 79.790
:ieat. vaiued at $75,000, and 22.0U0 it lum
brr dunnage, valued at $32u.
The Geimiin ship Vasco da Gama was also
J yesterday tor Queenstown for orders,
with 27,133 ctls barley, valued at $33,420; 11,288
ctis wheat, valued at $10,725, and 17,000 ft lum
ber dunnage, valued at £&5.
Dried Fruit in New York.
Mail advices from New York say: "Cur
rants are the most active article on the list,
end the spot market continues firm at 5%@5%,c
lor Amaiias, with a good demand lor both
large and small lots. Cleaned are going out
very :rct-iy. The Greek market is reported firm.
Sultana raisins, according to cables from Smyr
na., ere excited and prices are advancing in
the primary market and there is a little firmer
feeling in the local market in consequence,
but prices are unciianeed. California raisins
are easy. Three-crown loose Muscatels are re
ported offerine to arrive at 5%c. The spot
market lor 3-erowr. is quotable from 5%@53ic,
holders generally asking the latter figure.
".Prunes are dull and weak on the coast,
but steady and in rather light supply here,
with good local demand. Oresons are dull
and large Jobbers are not disposed to make
bids at any price. Offerings of Oregons are
reported on a. Hie basis, but even at that
figure the Impression is very little trade has
been done. Apricots and peaches are quiet
and unchanged. Figs are firm - with fair de
mand for good quality. Evaporated apples
have a moderate call. Raspberries are easier,
selling Ji-om 23@24c. Blackberries firm at "€
Ihic Cherries dull at 13%@14c for Southern and
i:,£l6c for Pennsylvania. Nuts are selling
freely in a small way. Almonds of all kinds
are reported firmer abroad. Brazils are in
Borne demand at the high prices, sale, of a car
load being reported yesterday."
The Weather and Crops.
The weekly report of A. G. McAdie, section
fiirector of the climate and cror> service of
the weather bureau, is as follows:
GENERAL SUMMARY.
The temperature has been nearly normal
throughout the State during the week. With
the exception of light showers on the north
west coa^t no rain has fallen since last Mon
day, but heavy dews and fogs have prevailed
in some sections.
The damage to grain and hay by the rain
of last week was much less than anticipated,
Beans were considerably damaged in some sec- j
tions, e£r>ecially on the low lands, but as '
wtrm. ckar weather followed the rain the crop i
was not injured to the extent estimated at the .
time. Alialfa lands, pasturage and early sown
grain were materially benefited by the rain,
and in many places the soil was moistened
sufficiently to permit of cultivation. New grass :
is ••ing rapidly and early sown grain has
made a good start. Bean harvesting and"
thrashing will be completed in about two
weeks-. A large acreage of wheat and barley
will probably be sown in the great valleys.
Raisins were not materially injured by the
rain, and the crop is nearly all cured and un
der cover. The last crop of wine jsrapes is
being rapidly gathered 2nd sent to the winer
ies. Orange picking and shipping axe pro
gressing rapidly in the central and northern
sections and the fruit is reported of excellent !
quality.
COAST AND BAT SECTIONS.— The temper
ature has been nearly normal and no rain has
fallen since the first of the week, excest on ,
the northwest coast. Beans on high ground ;
were not materially damaged by the rain of
last week, but the crop on the low lands was
seriously injured. Hay was slightly damaged,
but grain was mostly under cover. New grass
has made rapid growth, and in some places
is highe enough for grazing. Hay baling con
tinues in some sections. Sugar beets are yield- \
Ing a Bood crop in San Benito County. There ;
Is a short crop of potatoes in Sonoma County. '
Heavy dews have been very beneficial to veg- j
etation. Plowing and seeding are progressing.
A correspondent at Campbell estimates that ¦
the prune crop for this season is not more than i
one-fourth that of last year.
SACRAMENTO VALLEY. normal
temi»eriture has prevailed during the week and
conditions have been very favorable for early ;
t,own grain, pasturage and Citrus fruits. Grain
is making rapid growth and green feed is plen- ]
tiful. The rain of last week caused no dam- ]
age. Plowing and seeding are in progress. j
Orchardists are pruning-. Grapes and deciduous
fruits are all gathered. Oranges have ripened
rapidly, and heavy shipments have been made;
there will be a large crop, superior in quality.
Olive picking is progressing
SAN JOAQCIX VALLEY.— The weather has
been generally warm and clear, with cool
nights end heavy dews. Raisins are nearly all ¦
cured Mi under cover: there was very little >
damage done by the rain of last week. All
other fruits, except a few wine «rraoe«,- are !
gathered, and the last crop of grapes will soon
be disposed of. Oranges are ripening rapidly
and shipments have commenced; there will be •
a good yield, excellent in quality. Early sown :
grain, alfalfa and pasturage were greatly ben- ¦
efited b^- the rain. In some sections the farm
ers have burned off the stubble and in others
have plowed it under. Plowing and seeding !
are progressing favorably. Cattle are in good .
condition.
SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA.— GeneraIIy fair :
weather has pre\ ailed during the week, with '.
foggy nights and mornings along the coast.
The rain of last week did not injure the bean
crop as much as then estimated, as it was !
followed by warm, clear weather. Bean thrash. i
Ing is progressing rapidly and will be com
pleted in about two weeks if the weather con
tinues favoratle. No othPr crops were in
jured by the rain and orchards and pasturage '
were greatly benefited. Plowing has com- |
menced in some places. Oranges are ripening j
rapl-ilv. The yield of hardshell walnuts will
be .lit. ¦ - •- - ' ..¦ '
LOS ANGELES SUMMARY.— Rain was fol- >
lowed by fair, warm days pnd cool nights; '
the effect if shown I" &M 'coloring of oranges. ;
The rx'i p=t ground in fi ne condition. Plow- |
Ing and seeding have begun. The rain was i
equal to irrigation in most orchards.
EUREKA SUMMARY.— Harvesting of po- !
tatoes nearly completed; yield generally light.
Ground is in good condition for plowing: some I
land has been seeded to oats. Pasturace is '
excellent.
Weather Report.
<120tn Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. Nov. 6—5 p. m. j
The following: are the seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of , the same date
last season and rainfall in the last twenty
four hours:
Last . ' This Last
Station*— 21 hours. Season. Season
Eureka ......:...„...'.... ....' 6.78 v 7.53
Red Bluff .... 3.90 3.65
Sacramento 1-90 1.82
San Francisco .... 142 • -1. 95
Fresno ......... ;....... 1.13 0.49
Independence ...'.... 1.07* ~ 0.84,
San Luis Oblspo... 2.86 1.93
Los Angeles 2.00 0.2f
San Diego 0.34 0.30
San Francisco data— Maximum temperature,
74; minimum, 49; mean, 62.
The following maximum and minimum tem
peratures were reported from Eastern stations:
Boston, 48-34; Cincinnati, 84-24; Washington,
£4-42; Jacksonville, 68-60; N«w York, 64-44; Kan
sas City, 40-30; Omaha, 30-24; Duluth. 20-18; Salt
Lake City, 56-38; Chicago, 30-24; St. Louis, 38-32;
Philadelphia, 56-42.
THE COAST RECORD.
a.kxo g . *a
3 <» x » S. $ J?c o
stations. 'S 3g33 3 £ Zo g
I igj§ P r I
: : : : 3
Astoria 80.20 56 60 W Clear .16
Baker 30.06 66 40 NW Cloudy .00
Car50n. ...„...: 30.04 74 32 W Pt.Cldy .00
Eureka 30.12 66 52 N Clear ¦ .00
Fresno 29.90 80 54 NW Pt.Cldy .00
Flagstaff 30.18 62 24 SW Clear .00
Pocatello, 1dah0.. .29.86 62 40 SW Clear .00
Independence 29. 72 4S SE Pt.Cldy .00
Los Angeles 29.92 84 54 W Pt.Cldy .00
Phoenix 29.90 86- 60 S Clear .00
Portland 30.20 68 52 W Pt.Cldy .14
Red Bluff 29.96 74.56 N; Cleat- ; .00
Roseburg 30.20 60 46 NW Clear .01
Sacramento 29.92 76 48 NW Pt-Cldy .00
Salt Lake 29.96 64 38 SE Pt.Cldy .00
San Francisco 20.92 74 50 SW Clear .00
San Luis 0bi5p0... 29. 80 48 N Clear T .00
San Diego 30.00 68 54 SW Cloudy .00
Seattle 30.14 58 52 S Cloudy .00
Spokane 29.94 52 30 SW Clear .06
Neah 8ay.. .........30.12 52 48 • W Cloudy .02
Walla Walla 30.06 60 48 SW Pt.Cldy .02
Winnemucca.... 29.98 64 22 SW Clear .00
Yuma.... 29.84 S6 .50 E Clear • .00
Temperature, 7a. m.— degrees'"
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure has fallen rapidly over Utah
and Nevada. A marked . depression is passing
rapidly southward over the Rocky Mountains
and may result In unsettled weather over the
valley of the Colorado., Showers are reported
in Washington and Oregon. No rain has fallen
in California. . .
The weather continues warm generally on the
Pacific Slope.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight, November 6, - 1901.
Northern California— Cloudy and unsettled
weather Wednesday in southern portion, fair in
northern portion; light northerly winds.
Southern California— Cloudy Wednesday flight ¦
southerly winds, changing to northerly. ¦
•Nevada— Cloudy Wednesday; fresh southwest
wind. . ,
San Francl»«» and vicinity— Wednes
day: light southerly winds, changing to north
erly. . ALEXANDER G. McADIE.
Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
Chicago Grain Market.
CHICAGO, Nov. s.— Everything in the wheat
situation to-day pointed to better prices and
more active trade for some time to come.
Slightly improved cables from .Liverpool, Paris
and Antwerp, based supposedly upon the re
c-eSit rise here, were the initial influences for
the advance. There was continued independ
ent strength in the corn situation, and this
gave an added impetus to wheat. December
o|Mr ed only a shad<» higher, but rose steadily
throughout the sesFion. January shorts who
have tried to bear the market were forced to
buy in at a loss and turned bulls when news
arrived of shortages in the Russian md Ar
gentine crops and of the removal of the im
port duty on wheat into Mexico at thirty cents
a bushel. Sales to Mexico vvere reported and
Just before the close of the session came re
ports of a decline in British consols, probably
the result of the war scare.
December and May were both bulled by pro
fessionals and gold at a difference of just 3
cents. December closed strong l<gl% cents ad
vanced.
Corn was active during most of the session,
with a strong undertone. Commission houses
were buyers and the selling was mainly by
longs taking profits.
December advanced to 59%<g59%c at one time
and closed firm %c higher.
Oats were active and strong. December closed
half up at 37% c.
Provisions ruled heavy early in the day.
Later there was a demand by shorts based
partly on the grain situation. January pork
closed 2%©5 cup at $14 82%. January lard 5@
7 l /jc up and rlbe 2%@5c higher.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— ' Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
November 71H 71% 71V4 71%
December 71^ 72% 71% 72%
May 74% 75% 74% To%
\ Corn No. 2—
November 58% 68% 55% 58%
December _ 57% 57 67% 57%
May 61% 62% 61% 62'
Oats No. 2—
December 37% 37% 37% 37%
May 39% 33% 38% 3*%
Mess pork, per bbl—
January 14 60 14 82% 14 62% 14 82%
May 14 80 14 97% 14 80 14 97%
Lard, per 100 lbs—
May 8 57% 8 67% 8 57% 8 67%
November 8 56
December 855
January 8 47% 8 57% 8 47% 8 57%
Short ribs, per 100 lbs—
January..... ...... 760 767% 760 767%
May 7 70 7 80 7 70 7 SO
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
steady; Nc. 3 spring wheat, 69V4@70%c; No. 2
red. «2®73»Ac; No. 2 corn, 59^c; No. 2 oats 33» 2
@39% c; No". 2 white, 41%6r«%c; .No. 3 white.
40% c; No. 2 rye. 66%#5«V4c; fair to choice malt
ing barley, 55@58c: No. l.flaxseed, $1 46: No. 1
Northwestern, $148; prime timothy seed, $5 70
iS&yO; mess pork, per bbl, {13 85@13 90; lard, per
100 lbs. $8 . -S<aS 57%; short-rib sides (loose), $7 SO
<a~ '.*5; dry salted shoulders (boxed), $7 20(f»,7 50;
short clear sides (boxed), $8 10@8 20; whisky,
basis of high wines, 11.30.
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, bbls 20.000 21.000
Wheat, bu 328,000 284,000
Corn, bu 141,000 74,000
Oats, bu 338,000 362,000
Rye, bu 18,000
Barley, bu 128,000 35,000
On the Produce Exchange to-day, the butter
market was steady; creams, 14©21>)|c: dairies,
12(5 ISc; cheese steady, S'/i^lOUc; eggs firm;
fresh, 20c.
Foreign Futures.
' - LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— . . Dec. - ' March.
Opening 5 9 5 10%
Closing 1 5 9 5 10V4
PARIS. ' - - iv
Wheat— ' Nov. Mar. -June.
Opening 20 90 .22 35 -
Closing 30 90 22 35
Flour-
Opening 28 75 28 35
Closing f 26 75 ,-- 28 35 ' -
Eastern Livestock Market.
CHICAGO, Nov. 6.— CATTLE— Receipts. 7000:
slow. Good to prime steers, $6@6 80; poor to
medium. $3 7f,@3 90; stockers and feeders. J2@
4 23; cows and heifers, %1 25@5 25; eanners, Jl 25
«J2 Sfl; bulls, $2<t4 50; calves, J3@6 50; Texas
steers, $3©4; Western etews, $3 6S@5 25.
HOGS— Receipts to-day. 30,000; left over, 6000
THE\ SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 6, 1901.
10c lower. Mixed and butchers,* $6 50@6 82%;
rough heavy, $» 40@5 60; light, $5 50@5 75; bulk
of sales, $0 60(go 75.
SHEEP— Receipts. IS.000; strong 'to slow.
Choice wethers, $3 25@4; Western sheep, $3«S
3 85; native lambs, $2 50@5 10; Western lambs,
$3@4 60.
ST. JOSEPH,. Mo., Nov. s.—CATTLE—Re
ceipts, 2300; steady. Cows and heifers, $1 250
5 L>; veals. $3@6 23; bulls and stags, $2@5;
stockers and feeders $1 50@4 25.
HOGS— Receipts, 7200; 10c lower. Light and
light mixed, $5 65@5 73; medium and heavy, $5 70
<pj>97H; pig Si $4 25@5 SO; bulk of sales, $5 70®
SHEER- Receipts, 600; steady to 10c higher.
London Market.
LONDON, Nov. s.— Anaconda, 7; Atchlson,
80%; Atchison prefd. 99; Canadian Pacific. 114;
D. and R. G., 45%; D. and R. G. prefd. 94%;
Northern Pacific prefd, 10S; Southern Pacific
prefd, 91%; Union Pacific, 107%; Union Pacific
prefd, 91'/i. Money, 2 per cent. Bar silver,
20% a per ounce.
Condition of the Treasury.
¦WASHINGTON, Nov. 6.— To-day's statement
of the Treasury shows: Available cash bal
ances, $176,276,412; gold. $103,591,536.
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND. Or. Nov. s.— Clearings, $671,599;
balances, $123,299.
Northern Wheat Market.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Nov. s.— Wheat %c higher; blue
stem. 56% c; club, 55% c.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, Nov. s.— Wheat firm and higher;
Walla W r alla. 55%@56c; blugstem, 56H@57c.
Cleared— British ship Lady Isabella for East
London, South Africa, with 22,593 barrels flour
and 11,200 bushels wheat.
Foreign Markets.
LONDON. Nov. B.— Console. 91%@91%d; sil
ver, 26% d; French rentes, lOOf 65c@100f 60c;
wheat cargoes on passage, rather firmer; No.
1 standard California, 295; Walla Walla, 27s
lO^d; English country markets firm.
LIVERPOOL, Nov. 5. -Wheat, firm; No. 1
standard California, 5s 10% d; wheat i.i Paris,
firm; flour in Paris, firm; French country mar
kets, steady; weather in England, fine.
LOCAL MARKETS.
(Note — The Produce Exchange was not in
session yesterday, hence quotations for grain,
millstufts, etc., are omitted. Everything else
went on as usual, though business was natur
ally light, owing to the election.)
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling- Exchange, 60 days — $4 84',i
Sterling Kxehange, sight — 4 87-ft
Sterling Cables — 4 SS^i
New \ork Kxchange, sight — 10
New York Exchange, telegraphic — V2\i
Silver, per ounce — 67^
Mexican Dollars, nominal 47 @ 47 I,*1 ,*
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
There were about 4000 sacks of River Potatoes
in yesterday, but the market ruled firm. Sa
linas, on the contrary, fell back slightly. No
more Sweets came in. Onions were steady at
previous quotations.
The Vegetable market was featureless, except
that Hubbard Squash was lower again under
large supplies. Summer Squash was scarce
and firm. Tomatoes continued quiet.
POTATOES— SSg9Sa for Burbanks from the
river; Salinas Burbanks, $1 10<gl 35; Oregon
Burbanks. nominal; River Reds $1 35@1 50;
Sweets, 40@50c for Rivers and 7O@BOc for Mer
ced.
ONIONS— SI 25@1 50 per ctl; Pickle Onions,
60(ft75i per ctl.
VEGETABLES— Green Peas, l@3c for Gar
den; String Beans, l@2c; Limas, 2@3c; Cab
bage, 60(&75c per ctl; Tomatoes, from Alameda,
20<g35c; Dried Peppers. 10@12%«! Green Okra, 40
(g'oOc per box; Carrots, 2i><S'isc per sack; Cu
cumbers, 30@40c; Pickles, 2%@3c per lb for
small and l<gl%c for large; Garlic, 1%@2%c;
Green Peppers 35(g50c per box for Chile and 40
@60c for Bell; Egg Plant. 40@60c per box: Sum
mer Squash, 75c@$l; Marrowfat Squash, $6@B
per ton; Hubbard Squash, $10@15.
Poultry and Game.
One car of Eastern Poultry came in, making
four thus far this week. The demand was
fair and everything sold oft readily. Good
Hens were especially in demand. Old Roosters
are now bringing more" than young, as the lat
ter are too email to suit the retailers.
Receipts of Game were large, being 125 sacks.
The warmer weather is beginning to affect It
again and some of the Ducks «were stale or
tainted.
POULTRY— Dressed Turkeys, 16@19o; Live
Turkeys, 14@15c for Gobblers and 15® 17c for
Hens; Geese, per pair, {1 25@1 50; Goslings.
$1 75<g2; Ducks, $3 50(@.4 for old and $4® 3 for
young; Hens, $t@s; young Roosters, f3
old Roosters, $4@4 50; Fryers, $3 25<53 50; Broil
ers, tZ<§4 50 for large and $2 50tfi3 for small :
Pigeong. tl 2o(jjl 50 per dozen for old and $1 7a
Q2 for Squabs.
GAME — Doves, per dozen, $1; Hare, $1 28;
Babbits, $1 50 for Cottontails and $1 for Brush ;
Mallard, $4 50©5; Canvasback, $3@4 50; Sprig,
$2 5063; Teal, $1 50@l 75; Widgeon, $175; Small
Ducks, $150; Black Jacks, $150; English Snipe,
$2; Jack Snipe, 1125; Gray Geese, $3 50; White
Geese, 7oc(gsl; Brant, 75cffi$l 50 per dozen.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
There was nothing new In the Butter market
yesterday, stocks being large and the demand
very light, owing largely to the municipal elec
tion. The houses kept open as usual, but hard
ly did business enough to pay them for it.
Cheese remans unchanged. There is plenty
here.
Some dealers are quoting a firm market for
strictly fine ranch Eggs, while others say that
they see no improvement. It is largely a ques
tion of supplies. All dealers, however, quote
a dragging market for everything but the very
best soods.
Receipts were 16.J00 pounds of Butter,
pounds of Eastern Butter. 418 cases of Eggs,
868 cases of Eastern Eggs, 2450 pounds of Cali
fonrnia Cheese and pounds Eastern Cheese.
BUTTER— Creamery, 27%<g28c per lb for
fancy and 24@26c for seconds; dairy, 18@24c;
store Butter, 15(517c per lb; Creamery Tub,
21<g22Hc; Pickled Roll, 18@19c; Keg, lS@l9c
per lb.
CHEESE— New, 11%®12c; Old, lOVic; Young
Arr«riea, 12V 2 fi"l3c per lb: Eastern, 13@15c.
EGGS— Ranch, 38(&40c for selected large, 35®
37% c for good to choice and 32V4<534c for fair;
store, 22<f?25c per dozen; cold storage. SoO22fec;
Ettern. lS@24c, with extra white at 27^c.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
- As the Santa Cruz - train arrived very late
almost all the Grapes had to be carried over.
Large boxes from Martinez on time sold read
ily at $I<Sl 65 per box. Some Seedless from Mar
tinez sold at $2@3.
Berries also came in late, and canners bought
most of the large berries at $3. ¦-• •
Seventy-five boxes of Huckleberries came in.
Cranberries were quoted slightly off. \ •
There was no further change in citrus fruits,
the market being: quiet. ¦,*¦ :.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS.
APPLES— SI@I 25' per box for extra, 50@85c
for good •to choice and . 25®50c for ordinary
POMEGRANATES— per box. i. .
PEARS— Nellis. 25 per box; com
mon, 50@75c. ; .-•'.' * '..'¦•_
QUINCES— per box. •
PKRSIMMONS— SOe@SI per box. , •
STRAWBERRIES— S7@9 per. chest for Long
wcrth? and $3@4 for large berries. > '< '
BLACKBERRIES— None in .
LOGAN BERRIES— None in.
RASPBERRIES— $4f?5 per chest.
HUCKLEBERRIES— per lb. '
CRANBERRIES— Cape Cod, , $10 25@10 50 per
barrel Coca Bay. $2 50 per box.
FlGS— Black, 85c@Jl. per box; white, nominal.
MELONS— 25c per box; "> Canta
loupes. 50c per crate; Watermelons, $s@lo
per 100. . • .¦¦¦¦¦¦¦ -
GRAPES— Verdels, 4C@6oc per box and crate;
Tbkay, sC@7sc;- Isabellas, $1; Muscat, 50@75c-
Black, 50@70c; Cornichons, 65@75c. • ••
CITRUS FRUlTS— Oranges," for com
mon, f3@3 10 for good to choice i and $3 75 for
¦fancy; new Navels, $2 50©3 50; Tangerines '
$1 25; Lemons, Jl@l 25 for common ajid $2®2.75
for good to choice; Grape •* Fruit, $15053 50-
Mexican Limes. $4@4 50; Bananas, $175®3 per
bunch for New Orleans and $I@2 for Hawaiian-
Pineapples, J3@4 per dozen. .- - -
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
Evaporated Apples and Walnuts are the onjy
descriptions to enow either activity or firmness.
Prunes are Quoted weak, with sellers shading
quotations in some instances to move the goods.
The eastward movement in Raisins, as pre
vlouely mentioned, is mainly confined to the
filling of old orders.
FKUIfS— Apricots, 7@B%c for Royals and 8@
13c • for ' standard to fancy Moorparks; '•¦ Evapo
rated :' Apples, s@7c;-'. sun-drieid, 3V4@4%c;
Peaches, 5@7%c; Pears, 4@Sc; Plums, pitted, 3/4
@sc; unpitted. l@2c; Nectarines. 5@3%c for red
and 5%@6%c for white; Figs, 3@3%c for black.
PRUNES— New: crop are quoted as follows:
30-40' s, EU@s^c; : 40-50' s,' 4%@sc; ' 50-60' s, 4%@
4%c; 60-70' s, 3%@4c; 70-80' s, 80-90' s, 2%
©3c: 90-100' 2i4@2i£c per lb. < . -
RAISINS— (Price per 20-lb box): Clusters-
Imperial, $3; . Dehesa, $2 50; fancy, $1 75; 4
crown, $1 60; London • Layers— Three-crown,
$1 20; two-crown, %1 10. Price per lb:: Standard
loose — Four-crown, 4%c; Three
crown, 4V4c; Two-crown, 3%c; Seedless Musca
tels, 4UC, Seedless Sultanas, 5%c; Thompson
Seedless, 6^.c; Bleached Sultanas— Fancy, "B%c;
choice, 71,4 c;7 1 ,4 c; standard, ?6^c;" prime, 5%c; un
bleached Sultanas, sc. Bleached Thompsons —
Extra fancy, lie; fancy, 10c; choice, 9c; stan
dard, 7&c ; ¦ prime, 6V-C. Fancy seeded, 6^4c;
choice seeded. 5%c- "' ¦¦••' ¦¦¦':•¦".. •-¦"¦
¦ NUTS— Chestnuts, S@l2 1 / 4 c; Walnuts,- No. 1
softshell, 91,2 c; No. 2, 714 c;; No. 1 hardshell, 9c;
No. 2, 7c; Almonds,' 13@14 for papershell, 10@lle
for tshell and s@6c for hardshell ; Pea
nuts, 1 s@7c for Eastern ; Brazil Nuts, \ 12@12y 2 c;
Filberts, 12@l2'^c; Pecans ll@13c; Cocoanuts,
$3 50@5. . ¦ ,- : . .- .  -
HONEY— 12@12y.c for bright and \ 10@
1 %c for light amber; water white extracted,
s@6c; light amber extracted, 4@sc; dark, 4c.
-. BEESWAX— per lb. . - '
Provisions.
The whole market continues weak and very
dull, with still lower prices looked for by most
houses. Quotations remain unchanged.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, 12c per lb for heavy,
1214 c for light medium, 13Vic for light,
14^c fo:- extra light and 15c for 6Ugar-cured.
Eastern sugar-cured Hams, nv z cf California
Hams, 13c; Mess Beef, $11 per barrel; extra
Mess, $12; Family, $12 50; prime Mess Pork,
$15; extra clear, $23; Mess, $19; Smoked Beef,
14c per lb.
LARD— Tierces, quoted at Sc per lb for
compound and ll%c for pure; half -barrels, pure,
l%c; 10-lb tins, 12Vic; 5-lb tins, 12% c; 3-lb tins,
COTTOLENE-One half-barrel, 10% c; three
half-barrelß, lO',ic; one tierce, 10% c; two tierces,
10c; five tierces, 9% c per lb.
Hides, Tallozv, Wool and Hops.
Hides rule firm at the revised prices, with a
good demand. Buyers and growers are •till
far apart in their views as to prices for Hops.
The Wool market is as previously quoted, with
not much going on.
The private circular of W. B. Sumner & Co.
says: "All wet-salted Hides are in good de
mand and will undoubtedly find ready sa!3 un
til the grubby season sets in. There is an ex
ceptionally good demand for dry Hides. Horse
Hides are in short supply and wanted at an
advance in prices over last month's quotations.
Buckskins are in short supply and wanted at
quotations. The Sheepskin market remains
unchanged. There is a fair sale for all Pelts
at conservative figures."
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands, sell
about l'/4c under quotations. ""Heavy salted
Steers, ll(&)llV4c; medium, lOtg/lOVic; light, 9%c;
Cow Hides, 10c for heavy and UVic for light;
Stags, 7©7% c; Salted Kip, 9U@loc; Salted Veal,
10c; Salted Calf, 10>/.c; Dry Hides, leig^c;
Culls, He; Dry Kip, 14@15c; Dry Calf, lS@l9c;
Culls and Brands, 15® 16c; sheepskins, shear
lings, 15<g'30c each; short Wool, 30@50c each; me
dium, 50@73c; long Wool, 90c@$l 10 each; Horse
Hides, salt, $2 50<&2 75 for large and $2@2 25 for
medium, $1 75 for small and uOo for Colts;
Horse Hides, dry, $1 75 for large, $1 25@1 50 for
medium, $1 25 for small and 50c for Colts.
Deerskins— Summer or red skins, 35c; fall or
medium skins, 30c; winter or thin skins, 20c.
Goatskins— Prime Angoras, 75c; large and
smooth, Ltoc; medium, 35c.
TALLOW— P.efined, GV*c; No. 1 rendered, 5@
SMiC per lb; No. 2, 4@4%c; grease, 3c.
WOOL— Spring, 1900 to 1901— Southern, defect
ive, 7 months, 7@tic; Oregon Valley fine, 131*
15c; do. medium and coarse, 11® 13c; Oregon,
Eastern, choice, ll@13c; do, fair to good, 9@
lie; Nevada, 10(f£l2c.
Fall— San Joaquin, 6%@S^c; San Joaquin
Lambs", 7%®9c; Middle County, 8@10c; North
ern Mountain, free, 9@llc; do, defective, S@9c;
Humboldt and Mendocino, ll@l2c per lb.
HOPS— 93IOc for fair and 11013 c per lb for
good to choice.
San Francisco Meat Market.
There Is no scarcity of any description. Val
ues remain undisturbed.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF— 6@6V-:C for Steers and 5@5%c per lb
for Cows.
VEAL— Large. 7@Bc; small, B<g9c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 6>i@7c; Ewes, 6(§6%c per
pound.
LAMB-7@Bc per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs, 230 lbs and under, s'/6@6c:
over 230 lbs, 5%c; feeders, ; sows, 2u per
cent oft; boars, 30 ncr cent off, and stags, 40
per cent off from the above quotations; dressed
Hogs, 7%@9c.
, General Merchandise.
I -¦•¦ .. •-¦•;„¦•' *"'" '*'"•»<* -- .- _ % .--.%• *"
i GRAIN Calcutta Grain Bags, 7c; local
make, %c less than Calcuttas; Wool Bags. 32
@35c; Fleece Twine. 7Vi@Bc; Fruit Bags, 5%@
«4c for cotton and 7@7M>c for Jute.
I ; CANNED : FRUITS— The California Fruit
Canners quote, as follows, In 2M>-lb tins: Ap
ples, $105(0145; Apricots, $I©l 60; Peaches, yel
low, $1 20411 65; I do. Lemon Cling. : 30@l 72 ;
Bartlett Pears, i,sl 25«fl 75; Plums, 90c@$l 25;
Nectarines," ?l<glSo;SMuscat Grapes, 95c!g'$l i>s;
Quinces, -$1 M#l So: -¦ Strawberries, $1 3U@l 75;
Blackberries, JIM'S 160.
COAL— Wellington, .. $3 per ton; , Southfieid
¦Wellington, • $5; Seattle, $6 30; Bryant. $6 50;
Coos Bay, 'fa 50; Wallsend, $9; Co-operative
Wallsend, $9; Cumberland, $12 in bulk and $13 25
in sacks: Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $15;
I Cannel. $11 per ton; Coke, $15 per ton in bulk
: ami $17 In sacks ; -Rocky- Mountain description^
$8 45 per 2000 lbs and $S 50 per ton, according to
br;-nd. , • . .:.¦•" s, - •
• CORDAGE— The . local cordage company
quotes as follows: Pure Manila. 16c per lb;
Sisal eize, 11-ic; Bale Rope, llgllVic; Duplex,
10«4c Ternu CO -days.', or l'/a per cent cash
discount. Lots of 10,000 lbs, lc less.
. PACIFIC CODFlSH— Bundles,, per lb, 4V£c:
case*, ¦¦- Tiilar. '«•; capes, extra large, sVic;
cases. eastern style, 6c: Boneless. 6c; "Nor
wuy." 'V', •Narrow Gaug^" «',ic; "Silver
King." ie: • Blocks, 6U(Ji7c; Tablets, 2 c;
Middles. "Golden State." 7c; Middles, "White
.Seal." 8c;.5-lb boxes, ' Fancy Boneless, 9c; 2-lb
boxes. Fancy Boneless. V z 'n\c; Desiccated, per
[ dozen, . 7.V; Pickled Cod. barrels, each, $7;
Pickled Cod. half-barrels, each, $4.
! COFFEE— Costa Rica— 2 c for strictly
prime to fancy -washed.- lO'&gfllHc for' prime
washed, - 9@9V4c i for good .washed, 9V4<iillV4c for
I good to prime washed peaberry, B%(@3^c for
[ fair to prime peaberry, B«9'ic for good to
prime, 7@Bc for fair, o'.^CutPjC for common to
ordinary. ¦ •¦'¦ ¦ . »-. , -< . • '
; Salvador— ll@l2V4c for strictly prime . washed,
BV&<3lo%c for -good to prime washed, 7«^@BV*c
for • fair, washed, lOSllc . for - good . to prime
! washed, peaberry, 7%@BV4c for good to prime,
j semi- washed. SCoSVic for superior unwashed, 73*
M Bc for "good green unwashed, B%@9c for good
, to superior unwashed' peaberry, ; 51,4@6%c5 1 ,4@6%c for
common ¦to ordinary. '¦ ' ¦ '•'•-¦• •
; Nicaragua— ll@l3c for prime to fancy washed,
:8©10c!: 8©10 c! fcr fair Ito strictly : - good washed, "©"fee
for good to superior .- unwashed. • BV4@S%c for
good to prime unwashed peaberry. .-..- -¦ . r:~-
Guatemala and Mexican— lo%@l3c for prime
to ¦ fancy . washed, ; n SVi@9%c for ' strictly . good
washed, 8(58'/2C for. good washed, 7@Bc for fair
washed 6s@7c for medium, 1 5@6&c for Inferior
to ordinary. 9@10%c for good to prime washed
peaberry, I S@9c for ' good to . prime unwashed
peaberry, 7V4@7?ic for good to superior un
washed. - ¦¦, ¦¦...- ¦¦•-. .
LEATHER— SoIe, heavy, 29@32c; extra heavy,
30@34c per: lb; medium, 27@29c;- light, 24@26c,
Rough Leather, heavy, 26@2Sc; Rough. Leather,
light. 25@26c; Harnees . Leather, heavy, 30(539c
for No.. 1 and 30@33c for No. .2; Harness
Leather, medium, 30@37c; ' Harness Leather,
light. 29@25c; Skirting. No. 1, 40@42c; No. 2,
36(S3Sc; Collar Leather, 15@16c per foot; " Kip,
! unfinished, 400505 per lb; Veal, finished; ISCi 1
17c per foot ; - Belt Knife . Splits, . 14@16c ; . Rough
Splits, B@loc per lb. r ' ¦•. -:, - :.- - •-
TANBARK— Ground. $26@28 per ton; Stick,
$16(318 per cord.
OlLS— California Castor Oil, in cases, " No. 1,
70c; pure. $120; Linseed Oil, in barrels, boiled,
74c; raw, 72c; cases, Cc more; Lucol. 64c for
boiled and C2c for raw in barrels; Lard Oil,
¦extra winter strained, ' barrels, 85c; •_ cases, 90c ;
China Nut, 55*6 720 per gallon; pure ; Neatsfoot,
in barrels, j, 7oc;- cases. '75c; Sperm, pure. 65c;
Whale Oil. i natural white, 40@45c : per gallon;
Fish Oil. barrels, '.¦37Vie; cases, Cocoanut
Oil, barrels, 63'/jC for Ceylon and 58^c for Aus
! tralian.' .. , ¦•'" t - , - •; V
I • COAL OlL— Water White Coal Oil. in bulk,
lS^c; Pearl Oil, -in cases 20c; Astral. -20c; Star,
20c; Extra Star. 24c; Elaine, Eocene," 22c;
deodorized stove ' Gasoline, in bulk. 15c; ;In
.cases, 21 hie; Benzine, in bulk, 14c; xln ? cases,
20 1 ,-.c; 86-degree Gasoline, in bulk, 20c; in cases.
26»ic - . ¦ ,:. ¦. •- • .:_..
\ TURPENTINE— 3B%c per gallon in cases and
52c in drums and iron ¦ barrels. . : ¦ .
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Lead, 7@
7%c per lb; White Lead,' 6%@7%c, according to
quantity. ¦ ', ; -i \
: SALT— H. R. H., $24 75 per ton in large sacks
and 525 50 in 50s. - Liverpool, $21 25@22 • for the
best and $17 50®20 for.- lower grades. "Biggins',
$27 30®30 per ton. • ¦ .. ': •¦. ' c
QUICKSILVER— 50*5:47 50 per i flask for lo
cal use and $40045 for export. -* . ¦•¦ : v
SUGAR— The Western i Sugar • Refining , Com
pany quotes, per lb, in ICO-lb bags: '; v
: ¦ Cube:?, Crushed and Fine Crushed, 4.90 c; Pow
dered. 4.75 c; Candy • Granulated. 4.75 c; Dry
Granulated, 4.63 c; Confectioners' A, 4.63 c: Fruit
Granulated. 4.65 c;, Beet-Granlated . (100-lb > bags
only), 4.45 c; Magnolia A, 4.25 c; Extra C, > 4.15 c;
Golden C, 4.0."c; D, 3.93 C; barrels, 10c more:
half-barrels. -25c ; more; • boxes. 50c more; 50-lb
bags, 10c . more. \\ No orders taken for less than
75 barrels cr . its ¦; equivalent.' . *.-;. Dominoa, half
barrels. 5.15 c; boxes; » s. 4oc . per lb. : No orders
for Granulated will -be taken "that, consist of
more than 50 per cent of Beet Sugar. •--'-. :x-
i LUMBER— prices are as follows: Pine,
'ordinary, sizes, -.slS@l9 50; extra sizes, higher;
Redwood. ' $19@20 ; ¦ Lath, -4 V feet, $3 90@4; Pick
ets, $19; Shingles, 's2 for No. 1 and $1 75 for No.
2; : Shakes. $13 for split and $14 for sawn; Rus
tic, $25<g31. - ;" '.' ,.- :,; . - •' v> !- ; ' '[ '
STOCK MARKET.
Rain on the sugar plantations in the Islands
is hardening the sugar stocks. On the morn
ing session of the Bond Exchange Honokaa
rose to $13 50 and Paauhau to $13 50, with Hut
chinson steady at $16 50. Market Street Rail
road was also firmer at $90. The other stocks
were unchanged. There was nothing new iv
the oil stocks, business being quiet, as usual.
In the afternoon the sugar stocks continued
firm. Onomea selling up to $24 50, Kilauea to
$11 50 and Hawaiian at $37 50. Giant powder
was lower at $86 50@S6, and Market Street Rail
road at $89 25. Contra Costa Water was weak
at $78 25@78 50. Pacific Gas sold up to $41.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
1 - ¦ . ' TUESDAY, Nov. 5—2 p. m.
.' UNITED STATES BONDS.
- Bid.Ask. i Bid.Ask.
4s quar. coup.. — 113 4s qr c (new). 139 139%
4s quar reg....112»4113 |3s quar coup. .loß —
! MISCELLANEOUS BONDS. i
Bay CP. C ss. 106%— Oceanic SS 53.103 104
Cal-«t os ••••••117%— Omnibus C 6s. 129% —
C C Water 55.. 1111/4112% Pac G Imp 4s. — . 98%
Ld L & P 6s. — — Pk &C H 6a.. — 113%
Fer &Cl H 6s. - 122 Pk & O R 65. 121 -
Geary-st 55.... — 100 Powll-st R 6«. — —
HC &fa 5%5. — . ~" Sac EG R 6s. 94%100
,Do 55.... 99%— SF & SJV 122% —
Los Ant R ss. 117% — Sierra Cat 65.. — —
LA Light 65. 101% — S Pof Ariz 6a -
.= Do gntd 65. .100 — . (1909) .113 113%
' Do; ntd .102 103 '¦¦ (1910) .. "..... 114%-
LA & P.-55... — — S i of Cal 6s
¦ Do - 1 9, m ; os.lol 103 ' (1905), Ser A. 107% —. -
Mkt-st Cab 65.127%128% (1905). Ser 8.108% —
¦•-Do.l cm 55.122 ; 123 (1906) 110% —
, N.R of Cal 6s. — 113 | (1912) 119% —
Do 55.....:.-..121%122>4 S P of Cal Ist
Nor Pac C 6s. — 106% i c gntd 55.. 109 —.'
Nor Cal R 55.. 112% — : S P Br Cal 65 .134% —
Oak Gas 55... .111% — i s V Water 6s. — 112 i
Oak Tran 65..123%125 Do 4s 102% —
_Do Ist c E5.111%112y t Do 4s, 3d m.. - —
Oak Wat g05.104 — IStktn Gas 65. .102% —
- WATER STOCKS. 1-.
Contra Costa.. 78 78%! Port Costa 63% 66
Marln County. 58 — I Spring Valley. 87% 88 :
. : .\.:' GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L & P.., — 4 Sacramento ... 25 — '
Equitable .„.. .4 5% SF G & E.... 44% 44%
Oakland ......"—• 52 San Francisco. *% —
Pac Gas Imp. 40% 41% Stktn G & E.. 8 —
Pacific Light.. 41 — ; .
; : ;> :.-.'. INSURANCE. ?¦.¦;•
Firem's Fund. 24o ; — ¦ 1 , . f
.;' •'-.".¦ J" ' ¦' '- •¦' BANKS. ''A;'-
Anglo-Cal .... 77 : — LP & A.....;.160^ 170
California ....407 410 Mer Ex (liq).. 16 —
Cal Safe Dep.109%- ; s F National. 130 — '
First Nationl.; 3l7% — . ' .; ;
:- SAVINGS BANKS.
German ......1900 — Say & Loan... — 90
; Humboldt .... — < — Security Say. . .285 350
: Mutual Say.... 65 — Union Trust.. 1800 —
S F U....625 — i . -.;-, .:¦
\/ STREET : RAILROADS.
California ....133% — OS L & H.... 40 —
Geary ... .......— 50 Presidio 32 — .
Market... 89 ' 89% •'
POWDER. r V
Giant 86% 87 I Vlgorit .......V 4% .4%
SUGAR.
Hana .......... 4% 5 Kilauea ....... 11% 12
Hawaiian .....— 45 Makaweli 28 29
lonokaa .... . . 13 — Onomea 24% 25
Hutchlnson ... 16 — | Paauhau : 13% 13%
- : . MISCELLANEOUS.
; Alaska J?ack..148%10l ; Oceanic S Co. 45 47%
Cal *>ult Asn. 97 — Pac Aux FA. 2% — .
Wine Asn. — 90 Pac C Borax.. 165 — '
Mer Exchange. 110 — Par Paint 16 —
: '' - • Morning Session. .
' Board— -•; , - -- . - —
•10 Bank of California ...... ...... ,\.. 408 00
150 Contra Costa "Water 79 00 !
. ¦M Giant Powder C0n........ 87 75 :
20 Giant Powder Con 8? 50 '
$2Ouo Hawaiian C-& S Co 5s 9J 75
- 60 Honokaa • .......i....... 13 bU
. 50 Hutchinson S P C 0..'.... 16 50
20 Market Street Railway 7....: 90 00 1
. 10 Market Street Railway, b 2 90 00 .;
-240 Market Street Railway : 89 75 '
?20uo Market Street Railway Con 55. ...123 00
50 Paauhau ;S,P-- C0. .*.¦.¦....:. 13 50 i
20 S F Gas & Electric Co, b 1u... .... 45 00 j
.'2O S F -Gas & Electric Co "... 45 00
10 Spring Valley Water ................ 87 50
. - Street— - '."¦¦:.,: : i- -. ¦-..
$5000 Los Angeles ..Railway 55..... 117 50
'." . : :¦.•' Afternoon Session. ' *
-•-•-¦• -Board— . v .-:¦¦- V
40 Contra Costa Water 78 50
10 Contra Costa Water, . .; 78 37%
. 10 Contra Costa Water ....78 25
. 20 Giant '- Powder C0n.................... 86 50
50 Giant Powder C0n....'.. 86 00
. 50 Hawaiian Com'l & Sugar 37 50 -
r .40 Kilauea Sugar Plantation Co 11 50
65 Market Street Railway 89 25
10 Onomea -Sugar Co ...:... 24 25 -
90 Onomea Sugar C 0...'.: 24 50
160 Paauhau S PC0......r. 13 50 i
. 50 Pacific Gas : Improvement .". 4100 j
' 83 S F Gas & Electric , Co. 44 87% i
23 Spring Valley Wat«r ..... -.-. 87 25
$4000 Spring Valley 4s (24 mortgage).... lo3 00
'*:./'- .Street— • ¦ .;:. : .--
S2OOO Bay Counties Power Co os 106 75
; ' ' PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
".'¦'¦ <-' '/ 1 \ Morning | Session.
» •-- Board — xf-J-v'.-- — '.
500 Bay City •.'.".....'.. ...\. .7. 25 !
5 Hanford . . i . . . ... .V. :: . . V. 103 00 1
" 1 Hanford ;...:.. 104 00 i
4 Hanford ............;:........ 106 00 I
350 Home 330 |
2000 Lion 10
130 Peerless : 500 !
100 Petroleum Center. :. ~ 07
1000 Reed Crude 35 •
Afternoon Session.
Board— " f "¦' " ¦
100 California-Standard 23 i
300 Monarch of Arizona 23
100 Occidental of West Virginia 31 '
70 Peerless .".¦ 500 !
5000 Petroleum Center 07
100 Reed Crude".. ; 34 !
175 Reed Crude 35 j
150 San Joaquin Oil & Development.... 750 j
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales In the San Fran- i
Cisco Stock and. Exchange Board yesterday:
Afternoon Session. |
, 500 0ph1r.".V.".r... ' 771 300 Overman .... 05 '
600 Mexican .1... IS 200 Union 13 ¦
200 Potosi ....'.....- OS 1 . 200 Silver. Hill ... 30 '
Following were the sales in the Pacific Stock j
Exchange yesterday:  • j
¦ ..; ' - '..' . " Morning Session. ,- j
• 200 Best & Belch 14 1 200 Mexican ..... IS i
200 Caledonia .... 28 500 Mexican 17;
4CO Con C & V 1 67% 400 Ophir •... 77 '.
1000 Gold & Curry 12 600 Savage OS i
200 Hale &• Nor.. 20 . . •
. • , ' - Afternoon Session. ,
. 100 Con Cal &.Va 170 200 Potosi ..'. 08
300 Mexican ...... 18 200 Sierra Nev... 14 j
200 Ophir ...:.....- 771 ..
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
TUESDAY, Nov. 5—4 p m.
Bid.Ask. I Bid.Ask.
Andes 03 05 Justice 01 —
Alta 01 03] Julia _ 01
Alpha 01 02;Kentuck — 02
Best & Belcher 13 14 1 Mexican 19 20
Belcher 07 o», Occidental 04 06
Bullion 02 04 Overman 05 06
Con Cal & Va.l tin 170 Ophir 77 7g
Chollar o<j OTiPotosi 07 *08
Crown Point... 04 06iSeg Belcher ... 02 03
Confidence. 75 SO' Sierra Nevada. 13 14
Caledonia 26 2S i Silver Hill 29 Z'\
Challenge 16 w;stanaard 3904 10
Exchequer — 02; Utah 01 03
Gould & Curry 11 12 .Union 12 13
Hale & Nor 19 20 Yellow Jacket. 14
Imperial — 01
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
B T Tilton, Alaska | King City
H A Chapman, S Jose P H Bridges, San Jose
W D Madlgan. S Jcsj J M Shannon, Cal
L C White, Del Monte IF S Roumage. Auburn
A H Wrieht, Stockton T Haas, Nevada City
H Hirshberff, Portland J B Hart. Nome
J B Reed, Portland P Cox, Nome
A H Hart. New York \F J McGlinchy.Kans C
J F Waterhouse, Cal |W J Woods, Kans City
G W Beecher, Ariz !A A Tyler, Santa Cruz
J F Noble, Ogden F G Cory, Sacramento
T Fitzgerald. Ogden |W E Keith. San Jose
M J Roche & w. Or Mrs M L Driver. Cal
R B Dawspn & w. | Mrs M E Blthell, Sac
Nome i Miss E Feeney. Sacto
H Hirschel-Cohn, B C|K Burrows. St Louis
H F Dangberg, Carson |J H Routt, Santa Cruz
S T Hills, Minneapolis F M West. Stockton
J E Cohn, Napa iH H Fuller, New York
J B Robinson, Sacto -R A Daly. Ottawa
B H Bennett, Portland J H Noyes, Hilo
R B Butler, Fresno Ip J Hiatt. Woodland
M L Woy, Fresno T J Daym, Oregon
Mrs T Horton, Livermr J P Hunt, Oreson
S H Wafrener. S Jose W G Codman, Boston
P G Miner, Sheep Rnc H R Robbins, Montn»y
Rev F Jackson & w, w X Crawford, Berkly
PALACE HOTEL.
F P Mays & w, Portldlß F Jack. S L Obispo
G B Cramer, NY T Holland, Phila
J Finnell. Tehama M J Horton. Conn
A Hazelton. NY L Fesund, N V
S Borman. NY 7 F Parks Jr. Jackson
(' B Barnes. Los Ans R Castro. Sta Clara
J H Fawoett, Melbourn IB C Augsburg. Bksfld
H Schaffner, Cleveland T R Chase. San Jose
,\V A Pinkerton, Chic f T Sutherland. Los A
H A Lay, Mass E A Hanson, N V
W Damrosch, NY A R Castro, Mt View
E T Lederholm. Chic H Brown. N V
L F Wood. Pt Loma E Sacho &w, Chicago
M Kelley & w. Minn jc Hall, X V
¦T Adams, Nome ! W P Bowman & w. Pa
B F Brooks, Bakersfld Mrs O It P PpHs. Pa
G W Stark. Mich A C Burnley & w, Lon
J R Teasdale, Mo R M Stuart, Chicago
G Lufkin, St Louis J T Lith&ow. Dawson
J T Mcßoy, Chicago |Mrs M E Hawley, Or
T L Munnes, Ohio |O W Trible, Seattle-
F H Dixon. Sumatra J G Perry, Denver
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
H C Webb, Chicago |A W McPhereon. Spok
Mrs S L Dunn, Seattle C W Kerrick/ Stktn
P J Hall, Placerville N Williams, Browns
H Baselilin. Ogden Valley
A S Rankin, Dawson E Anderson, Seattle
J Leclair, Portland P De Martin, Oakland
J Miller, Oakland T Goff & w. Alameda
Miss Ficke, Denver O Feeker, Sydney
W B Walker, Auckland H Sparks, Presidio
A B Cooper. Sta Rosa IE Haydon & w, Selma
Miss Geer. Sta Rosa I
Do good for good's sake and seek nelth- !
er praise nor reward.
GLIB WITNESS
FOR THE JUDGE
Cochran Says Nome Mil
itary Men Had a
Price.
Gives Some Ancient His
tory About Mining
Claims.
Amicus Curiae Pillsbury had a few de
lighful moments at the close of the after
noon session of the Nome contempt in
quiry yesterday. That glib witness, M. J.
Cochran, one of Judge Noyes' pet ap
pointees, was on the stand. He said the
military could be induced to violate the
law of the district for a price before
Judge Noyes came into the country, es
pecially when approached by any of the
corporations. He even specified which cor
porations, meaning the Lane crowd. Thi3
it was that angered Mr. Pillsbury and
forced him to drive the witness.
"What do you mean by a price?" asked
Pillsbury.
"I mean that the military could be in
duced to violate the law of the district
and pose as preservers of the peace when
ever a certain class used its influence,"
responded the witness. Then he specified
time, place 1 and circumstance. When
Major yon Orsdale arrived, according to
Cochran, all was good and pure. Lieu
tenant Craigey was the bad man, he said.
The day's work closed with Pillsbury
still on the hunt for the price. He'll try
to get it this morning, when the cross ex
amination continues. The witness had
other things to tell of during his stay and
Metson came In for a fair snare.
Cochran Enters.
"Billy" Metson, terror of gun
I fighters, figured in another role in the far
away arctic country- He was the leader
of a gang of Swedes as well and with
this bticking and the moral support of a
] small and select coterie, proved quite a
power when the time came for action.
Such is the testimony of Cochran. Un-
I der McLaughlin's guidance Cochran went
j way back to times long ago. He gave a
' dissertation on mining and social condi
tions at Nome. He spoke of William H.
Metson and one Herrin, not the great Wil
liam F., but plain "Billy" Herrin. who
was of the Lane crowd that organized
the Swedish army of claim owners in the
j vicinity of Nome. Cochran certainly en
j joyed his position. He talked for hours
I and when the time arrived for adjourn
ment he looked longingly at Commissioner
Heacock and his eyes begged for more.
Cochran was put on by the respondents
to weaken the testimony of W. T. Hume,
After his direct examination Lafe Pence
j was put upon the stand, but little time
was consumed over him. When the ami
| cus curiae reached Cochran he went at
! him with earnestness and persistence.
Metson occupied his old post, that of
1 passer of yellow slips, these slips bearing
j questions. His fingers became cramped
i during the last minutes of the afternoon
j session and his advice was then bestowed
upon the amicus curiae by word oi
mouth.
So absorbed was Judge McLaughlin in
i the examination, of Cochran that he forgot
1 to go before the Circuit Court of Appeals
j to ask for an examination of Judge Noyes
I before the court. This will be done, how-
I ever, this morning. an>i in all probability
I Noyes will testify in his own behalf thia
i afternoon.
Vawter Against Noyes.
Major Thomas Turnbull was the first
I witness to take the chair. He overheard
! a conversation between Marshal Vawter
I and several others in the Palace in which
I the Marshal threatened revenge.
"Do you remember hearing Vawter say
in presence of a number of people in the
Palace Hotel that he would get even with
1 Judge Noyes?" interrogated McLaughlin.
"He said he would get even with him
yet," was the answer.
"What was the manner of Mr. Vaw
ter?"
"He was Quite earnest."
That was all there was of the direct
examination. On the cross-examination it
developed that the witness overheard the
conversation casually, and one day as he
listened to Marshal Vawter giving testi
mony in this case he recognized the
speaker in the Palace. He then wrote a
note to Judge McLaughlin acquainting
him with the facts.
Quick work it was and then M. J. Cock
ran was placed on the stand.
He was appointed by Judge Noyes as
commissioner of the Kaugarok. The first
questions led up to the Park versus Over
man case, in which W. T. Hume and
Cochran were both connected.
This was the case in which Hume testi
fied that his efforts were unproductive j
until Cochran came into the litigation,
and as a friend of Judge Noyes moved
things swimmingly. Cochran's testimony i
was to the fact that Fark, the plaintiff, j
insisted that he should go into the case '
on account of. Hume's conflict with the '
court, and that it had already cost hfm j
$75,000. Hume seemed glad to have Coch
ran in the ca.de.
To Repudiate Hume.
"Did you hear Hume make hostile
threats against Judge Noyes?" asked Mc-
Laughlin.
/ "Yes, every time we met and Judge
Noyes' name came up he said he would do
all he could to injure him. I remember
that when Senator Mitchell of Oregon was
elected Hume said that now he would
have Noyes removed."
Then the witness delved deep into -the
deplorable Nome conditions, social and
otherwise. As far as he was concerned
he was of the opinion that things were
greatly exaggerated and that "really it
was very much like a peaceful New Eng
land village." He was satisfied with
everything but the "sour dough" ele
ment—the miners who could not be
miners.
Lafe Pence, the quondam Colorado Con
gressman and attorney for Mrs. Nettie R.
Craven, took the stand at the call of the
amicus curiae. Pence said adieu to the law
when the Nome fever reached- the city
and since then has been several kinds of
a miner. He testified as to the facts sur
rounding the receivership, the arrest of
McKenzie and the day of violence.
The rest of the day was occupied in the
cross-examination of Witness Cochran.
Many pointed questions were put by the
amicus curiae, but the witness denied j
them all with a rapidity and suavity that !
took the breath from all but the cross- i
questioner. Cochr#n's afternoon tale was
an attempt to picture a lang-grabbing
scheme on the part of Charles D. Lane.
Pillsbury tried to draw from the witness
an admission of knowledge on his part
that Lane bought up all the properties
which he possessed.
CF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
Changes Made in the. Postal Sarvice
and More New Pensions
Granted.
¦WASHINGTON. Nov. s —The Postofflce
Department to-day issued the following:
Postmasters appointed — Washington— ll
G. Ferry, New Castle. King County, vice
J. M. Klawinger, resigned.
These pensions were granted: California
—Original— Zeckhariah Fraliek, San Dieeo
$12. Widows— Christina Bushey. Los An
geles, $S.
Oregon— Original— John Gordon, AVamic
$6. War with Spain— Willsee. Lawrence'
Portland, $8. Increase-Henry H. Davies,"
Manning-. $8.
Washington— Original— Charles Weslev
Campbell. Frances. $6; Charles T Moreari
2 r ?i ng - ££ Jnerease-Beekman H. Hulin!
If>wa to Stop at Tumaco.
WASHINGTON. Not. 5-lt is stated at
the navy yard that the lowa, which is un
der orders to go from Panama to Tai
cahuano, Chile, to dock at That pll? c "
probably will touch at Tumaco en rou e to
observe the situation Incident tn »k2
blockade of the Colombian rebels.
Railroad Service for Oklahoma
OUTHRIE. O. T.. Nov. 5.-\Vork beean
tlis week on the construction of the Sam"
Fe extension from Pawnee. I. T to Bart
lettsvil le, connecting there with the Sit-i
SHIES TROOPS
FROM MASSACRE
Woman Reveals the Plot
of Conspirators in
Luzon.
Commissioner Wright Takes
the Oath as Vice
Governor. -
¦'/> • '
MANILA, Nov. 5.— A plot to massacre
the American garrison at Moncada, prov
ince of Parlac, island of Luzon, has been
revealed by the wife of one of the con
spirators. Several town officials are im
plicated.
The woman who revealed the plot hid
a detective beneath a house in which the
leaders of the conspiracy were meeting.
Arrests followed and many incriminating
papers were seized. The plan was to set
fire to a house close to the barracks after
dark and when the soldiers came out to
assist in extinguishing the flames 150 con
spirators, armed with bolos, were to rush
on the guard, capture their arms and pro
ceed to massacre the garrison.
Commissioner Wright to-day took the
oath of office as Vice Governor. He will
be Acting Governor during the conval
escence of Governor Taft. who probably
will be unable to resume his duties tor
some weeks to come. The newspapers
approve of the appointment.
The United States Philippine Commis
sion to-day passed the treason laws, with
slight alterations. Several , Filipinos
spoke against them.
The Federalists are holding a conven
tion to arrange a petition to Congress
asking that body to grant autonomy to
the Philippines, with a Governor ap
pointed "by the President of the united
States with veto power over the two
houses, the Senate to consist of thirty
members, fourteen of them to be named
by the Governor and sixteen to the
elected. ___ __ ._
Advices from Tacloban, capital of the
island ,of Leyte, report that the presi
dentes' of various towns in the island
have waited upon Brigadier General
Smith and complained to him that the
people are unable to procure food be
cause of the blockade that is maintained
along the Strait of San Juanico. General
Smith replied. that the strictest kind of
a blockade would be continued until the
people of Leyte brought in their guns
and gave the authorities full information
concerning the insurgents who infest the
country. > All the arguments of the offi
cials of the towns were unavailing.
General Smith has ordered the deporta
tion of the wife of General Lukban, lead
er of the Samar revolutionists. Four na
tive police officers were killed and their
horses captured yesterday at Baybay.
island of Leyte. Lieutenant Julien E.
Caujot, with a detachment of scouts, en
countered a body of Insurgents southeast
of Catbalogan. Samar Island, and in the
fight which followed twenty-five rebels
were killed. One hundred and seventy
five houses were burned and 5000 pounds
of rice and 2000 of palay were captured.
The United States transport Warren,
owing to an accident which occurred in
the Inland Sea, will be docked at Naga
saki, Japan, where the United States
transport Sheridan is being repaired
FIGHT THEIR BATTLE
AT TOMB OF CHBIST
Church of the Holy Sepulchre in Jeru
salem the Scene of a
Conflict.
JERUSALEM, Nov. s.— The Church of
the Holy Sepulchre, surmounting Chrlst'3
tomb, was the 3cene of a sanguinary af
fray Monday last between Franciscans
and Greeks, during which there were a
number of casualties on both sides. The
dispute arose over the question as to
which community had the right to sweep
the church. Troops had been posted in
the vicinity for several days previous to
the outbreak, in order to prevent the an
ticipated collision, but they were suddenly
outnumbered and overpowered by the con
tending parties.
Surgeon Leaves the Army.
WASHINGTON, Nov. s.— Having ten
dered his resignation. Major Ernest K.
Johnson, surgeon. United States army,
has been honorably discharged.
¦ m ¦
When the Clock Strikes Twelve
Look at it. It is a beauty! There is n>>
reason why it should not be when we ab
seiling our superb gold finished clocks a
such low prices. Sanborn, Vail & Co., 74 L
Market street. •
ADVERTISEMENTS.
CALIFORNIA I
I LIMITED
I "THE SUPERIOR OF |
THEM ALL"
g Everything that tends to I
y •peed, comfort, pleasure and 1
S luxury unlimited. Reserve i
S berths for this famous train 1
H at 641 Market street. |
lIT LEAVES EVERY MONDAY AND J
I THURSDAY, 9.00 A.M., OH THE |
SANTA FE
• — — — _ . .
# visit DR. JORDAN'S great*
MUSEUM OF ANATOMY^
9 'CM ' 1051 XA3ZXT "• bet. MMi, S.F.CaI. i '
,\ y^g The Largest Anatomical Museum in the \
Sr afciftj^. WofW. Weaknesses ew any contracted A
1» 90S Sin * i V p«Mi«i»«-«y cor«d ->» the oldest V
V IK gl 1 Specialist on me Caast. Est. 36 years. #jj
$ f f£f i 0R * JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN ')
\ IMhI Consultation free and stiirtly private. \
0 I Wl Treatment personally or by letter. A M
\ ¦ VTI m Pvitiv* Cttra 1 every ease undertaken. T
i lif II m w "te hi ok. riiiLMorair A
" I 1^ M4IUIMCE. MAIL2D FREE. (if
A" fl #1 »aluable book for mm) . \
W OK. JORDAN «ft CO.. ; .Market St.. S. F. V
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
IS A ORE AT .:.\TIVE. .IN VIGORA-
¦ tor and Nervine. ' '
The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special .
Tonic for the Sexual Organs, for both sexes.
The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of the Kid- '
neys and Bladder. Sells on its own merits. ;
. NABEK. A.LFS & BRUNE, Agents. -
S3 Market St.. S. (Send for Ctreula-
sjh)?sJ&Sr INJECTION. .. |
: I A^PERMANENT CUBE | £
. 3 of the most obstinate cases of Gonorrhoea ? -
? . and Gleet, guaranteed in from 3 to 8 5 •
i' C days ; no other treatment required. \ : S ¦
S Sold Tit all dnftv >YOUNG PEOPLE OF ST. MARYS PARISH UNITE TO MAKE
THE CHURCH CHOIR BENEFIT CONCERT A BIG SUCCESS
WILD MAN ROAMS
MOUNT HAMILTON
May Be Ed O'Hara, Who
Is Missing From
San Jose.
Sheriff Langford and Posse
Will Make Attempt to
Capture Him.
Bt«clal Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOBE, Nov. 6.— A wild man us
D« The Mount Hamilton range and
>c under Sheriff Langford will make
•c aipt to capture him. The man has
¦een on two occasions, but each
f.me he has proved fleet of foot and elud
ed capture. Ed O'Hara, a well known
yrung man of this city, mysteriously dis
appear^ one night three weeks ago" from
the Baf se ranch back of Mount Hamilton,
end mtJiy t>eliev# that the wild man Is
rone other than O'Hara.
O'Hara had gone to the place to camp
Ed Ba*se. During the night he
dressed and left the cabin. Since then no
trace of him has been found, although an
a;mopt incessant search has been main
tained by posses.
Joseph Bernai. a ca tie herder on the
Pnell ranch, saw a man, in an unkempt
and disheveled condition, in a thicket of
near a trail. As soon as the man
»*aw Be -nal he ran into the brush and dis
appeared. Bernal dismounted and fol
»e<j ihe fugitive, but could not over
take him.
A boy named Hubbard met the wild
man in Halls Valley. The maniac wore a
overcoat, and on being sighted at
made off on a run. The fact that
¦vhen O'Hara disappeared he took his
ot.t with him adds to the belief that
the will man is he.
Word was received to-day that a man
4 M actions were alarming was seen
¦m Evergreen. Sheriff Langford ha?
to investigate and with a posse
will make a search of the hills.
IMP FINTSHES SECOITD.
Potente Proves Too Fast for the Game
Black Mare.
NEW YORK. Nov. Aqueduct summary:
First race, six furlong*, Sadducee
¦won. Bold Knight eecond, Morokonta third.
Time. 1:14 4-8.
Second race, one mile and seventy yards—
lASip O'Lee ¦won. Curtsey second. Rappenecker
third. Time. 1:47 4-5.
Third race, the Wlnfleld handicap, live and a
half furlongs— Femesole won, Alibert second.
Major Danfrerfleld third. Time. 1:08 4-5.
Fourth race. Idlewilde handicap, one mile
and a -sixteenth— Potente won. Imp second. St.
Fir.nan third. Time. 1:49 1-5.
Fifth race, five and a half furlongs, selling—
Irrld«*ceTu won. Maratrisa. second, Succassuna
third. Time. 1:10.
Sixth race, one mile and seventy yards. sell-
Ing— Bis Gun won. Whistling Con second,
Astor hird. Time, 1:4? 3-5.
CHICAGO, Nov. S. — Lakeside summary:
First race, eir furlongs — Harry Herenden
¦won, Wayward Boy second, Boomerack third.
Tim*. 1:14 4-5.
Secord race, six furlongs — John A. Clarke
won. Hoodwink second. Autumn Leaves third.
Time. :i:ls 2-5.
Third race, seven furlong?— W. J. Deboe won.
Telemcn second, Robert Waddell third. Time,
, 1 m 1-5.
r Fourth race, one mile and 100 yards — Orontas
r ron Rolling Boer second, Odnor third. Time,
J:«7. ¦
Fifth race, one — Dandola won, Amote
second, Marcos third. Time, 1:43 1-5.
Sixth race, one mile and three-sixteenths,
celling— Banish won. El Ghor second. Uncle
Tom third. Time. J^l 1-:
LOUISVILLE. Nov. 6.— Douglas Park results:
First race, six and a half furlongs — Robert
Jr. wo Dynasty second. Cupa third. Time,
1:24\.
Second race, six furlongs— Trio won, Lillian
M second. Dubious third. Time, 1:17*4.
Third race, one mile— Advocator won. Salve
second, Jake Weber third. Time, 1:43 V
Fourth race, six and a half furlongs — J T
won. Jim Gore II second, Hawaii third. Time.
1:23.
Fifth race, one mile and a sixteenth — Zr>r.ne
won. Lady of the West second. Eleven Bells
third. Time. 1:50t4.
CINCINNATI. Nov. Latonia results:
First race, seven furlongs— Lady Kent won,
Fleuron second, Jena third. Time 1:34.
Seccr;d race, one mile, selling — W. G. Welch
wen. Prestome second, Tempt third. Time,
1:47%.
Third, race, six furlongs— Foneda won, Ranco
second. Lear.ja third. Time, 1:17.
Four:h race, one mile and 100 yards, handi
cap—J. H. Sloan won. Johnny McCarthy sec
ond. Henry Bert third. Time, 1:51%.
Fifth race, five furlongs — Hunter Ralne won
St. Hi:ra second, Ravensbury third. Time,
1:021*.
Sixth race, one mile, selling— Schnell Laufer
won. Dclly Wagner second, Baffled third. Time.
I:4€U.
/.Treated for Train Bobbery.
ST. LOUIS. Nov. 5.— A man supposed to
be John Logan, who Is wanted In Mon
tana or the train robbery committed at
Warner, that State, when $68,000 was
taken was arrested here to-night. He
had on his person $430 In bills issued by
a Butte Mont.) bank. He had two re
volvers and attempted to use them, but
wae overpowered by detectives before he
could do so. •
ADVERTISEMENTS.
This / This
soap \ soap
purifies / saves
clothes V about
without / half of
boiling v wash-
them. (^ day.
j I FELS-NAPTHA I \
This v This
soap a!' soap
saves } having
about \ naptha
half \ cleanses
the / things
work. ) quickly.
Fela & Co.. Philada-
Gray. Lang A Btroh (Inc.). Ban Francisco.
A CHICHUTER'I CK6USH
PjKHYROyAteMS
»S|l *« chiChestek-s English
Mfii ta K£O aa4 Gold *fUSI« k.x«. MaM
wo. rtbbos. T«k«»».tk»r. K«fkM
f^HU^SJLFE. alw»t« raUakt*. I ¦¦*!»- "*•**— l -
|&agjt tor CBICH£STKK*S '£NOL9h
T^Efc. !¦ KED »4 ««U a«teUU Ww MM
"?** ¦>>•* rlbke». Tak* ¦• «Ck«r. M*tmm
X WM Dttfwtn iiMli«Mi Md lait*
177 " •••• *«7 •' J«f OnffiM. *r Ml 4«. la
! gf * Um f« for PfrtlralM, TudanlaU
JP u«''K«U«rfcrU4l«t,"<*MUr,t'n.
fr tmrm Mall. 1 «.—*> TwOmbliU. •*!<**
I NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
I^EARNT AND "WASHINGTON BTS— RE-
* modeled and renovated. KING, WARD *
CO. Kurope&n plan. Rooms, 60c to II 50 day;
S to SS week; Si to $20 month. Free baths;
hot arid cold water every room; fire grates In
•very room, elevator runs all eight. •
Is Desired to Raise More Money, and an Entertainment Is Prepared to
Take Place To-Morrow Night at Pythian Hall, the Best of Talent Being
Engaged and Preparations Made to Insure All Attending a Good Time
OAKLAND, NOV. s.— The choir and
the young people generally of St.
Mary's Parish in this city are
uniting for the success of the en
tertainment to be given Thursday
evening for the benefit of the choir and
the music department of the church.
Much food work has been done by t'ue
choir, anil it Is now propesed to raise a
little additional money with which to ex
tend this work, and at Pythian Hall on
Thursday evening an excellent concert
will be given to be followed by a dance.
A committee of arrangements for the af
fair has been hard at work, and it an
nounces an excellent programme. This
committee consists of T. A. Mooney
(chairman). Frank Figone, George Lamb.
J. C. Mooney, George Carter, T. Moran
and Adolf Gregory, the leader of the
choir.
The following programme has been ar
ranged for the first part of the evening:
PART I.
Overture Beau Ideal Orchestra
Male^quartet, "Th» Serenade"
. .Messrs. Moonfy. Umb, Carter and Flgone
Song, "The Muleteer of Tarragona"
Adolf Gregory
Waltz song, "Carmena" Miss Lyng
Song, "The Legend of the Chimes"
Mis« Belle King
Song, "Davy Jones' Locker" Frank Figone
Song, "Without Thee" Miss J. Allen
Mlied quartet. "Gentle Sleep"
Mieses Shean and Morln and Messrs.
Mooney and Gregory.
PART 11.
Song. "My Dream of Paradise"
Mis» Fran Ehean
Song, "Sweet Antoinette" T. A. Mooney
Song, "The Rosary" Miss Alice Gregory
Barytone solo, "Gates of Paradise"
HURLS HIMSELF
BEFORE A TRAIN
San Franciscan's Spec
tacular Attempt at
Suicide.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SANTA ROSA. Nov. s.— Ferdinand Win
ters of San Francisco attempted suicide
here by throwing himself in front of the
Sebastopol train this morning as it was
pulling out. Fortunately Winters was too
close to the engine when he made the
leap, and, instead of falling under the
wheels, he struck the fender of the en
gine. This lifted him off the track and
he received only a cut on the head, ex
tending from the middle of the forehead
around the right side of the face to his
chin. Eighteen stitches were required to
close the wound.
The attempt at suicide was made at the
crossing on Sebastopol avenue, Just at the
outskirts of the cliy. Engineer Byrnes,
in charge of the engine, saw him rush for
ward from the side of the track and throw
himself in front of the train. He quickly
stopped his engine and backed up to the
prostrate man, who was then brought to
town and afterward taken to the County
Hospital.
Winters recovered consciousness soon
after the dressing of his wound, and said
he had come up from San Francleco this
morning. He had resided in that city but
a short time. He formerly lived in Los
Angeles. Winters is 31 years old, well
dressed and carries an elegant gold
watch. His appearance is that of a man
of means. He says he has no recollection
of his attempted suicide, and does not
know why he did such a rash act. The
only theory is that he was temporarily
out of his mind when he tried to end his
life.
DISPUTE OVEB, TRANSFER
LEADS TO AN ARREST
Special Officer R. E. Harrold Charged
With Exhibiting a Deadly
Weapon.
R. R Herrold. a special officer at the
Risdon Iron Works, was arrested yester
day morning by Policeman MoNamara
and booked at the City Prison on a charge
of exhibiting a deadly weapon in a rude
and threatening manner. He was released
on $30 cash bail.
Harrold jumped on a Post street car
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL/, WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 6, 1901.
MEMBERS OF THE CHOIR OF ST. MART'S CATHOLIC CHURCH OF OAKLAND, WHO ARE ACTIVELY EN
GAGED IN PREPARING FOR THE BIG BENEFIT ENTERTAINMENT WHICH WILL BE GIVEN THURS
DAY NIGHT AND WHICH IS AN ASSURED SUCCESS.
while it was in motion and the motor
man remonstrated with him. Harrold
told him to mind his own business, and
they continued to wrangle about it till the
car reached Tenth and Mission streets,
when Harrold asked the conductor for a
transfer to Folsom street.
According to Harrold, the conductor re
fused to give him a transfer, and he said
he would stay on the car. The conductor
and motorman then announced their in
tention of throwing him off. and ne defied
them. The motorman pulled off his han
dle bar to prepare for action and Harrold
pulled his revolver out of his pocket,
thruat it against the motorman and told
him to go ahead with his handle bar.
The conductor and motorman left the car
and called McNamara, who placed Har
rold under arrest.
Licensed to Marry.
OAKLAND, Nov. s.— Licenses to marry
were issued to-day to Louis Sunther,
aged 27 years, and Emma C. Fitzgerald,
21, both of San Jose; George T. Ostrum,
3, San Andreas, and Mamie E. Williams
20, Oakland; Hally F. Moon, 25, Sacra
mento, and Adabelle Lively, 17, Oakland;
Joaquin Smith. 27. San Lorenzo, and t ..il
omene Cardoza. 18, San Leandro.
It's Getting Cool Down East
And it's just the time to visit thera.
Wherever you are going we can supply
you with trunks at the lowest prices and
of the beet quality. Our traveling things
have the latest devices for convenient
packing, and won't lose their stylish ap
pearance in service. Sanborn, Vail & Co ,
741 Market street. •
« ? . .
Alonzo Snipes, bartender for Hugh Me-
Nab, 2844 Baker street, had an alterca
tion with some soldiers in the saloon last
night and one of them knocked him
seiiseless with a board. He was treated
at the Central Emergency Hospital ior
a severe laceration of the scalp.
STUDENTS TO ACT
AS INNKEEPERS
Mrs. Stanford Advances
Plan to Solve a
Problem.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. Nov. 5.—
The problem of providing desirable eat
ing facilities for the large number of stu
dents residing on the campus, particular
ly those rooming in Encina Hall, the
men's dormitory, seems in a fair way to
be settled since ib.rs. Stanford has in
terested herself in the affair. Negotia
tions are being made with the students
in Encina Hall with the view of having
the University Inn opened under their
management on a co-operative plan simU
lar to that In vogue in Memorial Hall at
Harvard University. Concessions will be
made that have not been allowed to pri
vate managements in the past, principal
ly as regards the rent of the University
Inn building, Wnich will be lowered con
siderably. It is understood that the uni
versity autnorities desire that the co-ope
rative management attempt the task of
supplying board at the rate of $16 a
month. The students would, of course,
be obliged to employ a professional ca
terer to have charge of the inn.
It is commonly rumored in coWege
circles that with iue opening of college
next September stuuents desiring to take
gymnasium work will find the facilities
greatly improved. The present wooden
gymnasium is to be replaced by a hand
some stone structure, rr.uch larger and
with all the modern Improvements. These
will include a large swimming tank,
which will be constructed at the edge of
the arboretum, northeast from the library
and directly opposite the museum. Noth
ing definite has been given out in regard
to the plans for the building, but students
generally are rejoicing over the prospect
of a new and well equipped gymnasium.
QUEENAN AND KANE
AGAIN TO CONTEST
Beturn. Match Is Scheduled Between
These Clever Boxers at the
Reliance Club.
OAKLAND. Nov. s.— Followers of fistic
sport have evinced much interest in the
return match between Perry Queenan and
Jack Kane, which will be contested
Thursday evening at the Reliance Club.
When the pair met there in September
their fifteen-round go was pronounced to
have been the best glove contest ever wit
nessed before the club. The men fought
hard and were clean and clever through
out. During the early part of the go
Queenan was almost gone, but he recov
ered and got the decision because his op
ponent was suffering from lack of condi
tion. Kane is now prepared to make a
rattling fight, and Queenan has a reputa
tion to maintain.
There will also be in addition to th : s
fifteen-round go a ten-round match be
tween Louis Long and Frank McConnell.
John Gillam Passes Away.
ALAMEDA. Nov. 5.-John Gillam. a
pioneer resident, speculator and money
lender, passed away to-day at his home
on Pacific avpnue. Death was due to par
alysis. Deceased was TO years of age.
George Lamb
Song, "Flight of Ages" Miss Lota Lafferty
Song. "The Skipper of St. Ives". .George Carter
Male quartet
.Messrs. Mooney, Lamb, Carter and Figone
Imitations Miss Veronica Gregory
The accompanists for the evening will
be Mrs. Sullivan Langdon and Miss Flor
ence Wilkie. Adolf Gregory, the choir
master, will have general charge of the
musical programme. No encores will be
given, as dancing will begin at 10 o'clock.
The choir of St. Mary's Church is made
up as follows:
Sopranos— Miss Fran Shean. Miss J. Allen,
Florence Wilkie, Mrs. George Carter. Ora C.
McCarthy. May Doling. Miss Wells, Rose Tur
ner. Miss Lyng, Lota Lafferty.
Altoß— Margaret Morin. Belle King, Mrs.
Belle Myers. Clara Fields. Lillle Kelly. Mis*
Curran. Alice Gregory.'
Tenors— T. A. Mooney, R. X. Falmer, James
MeVejr, Gus Champion.
Bassos— Frank Figone, George Lamb. J. C.
Mooney, George Carter, Fred Dtllingham, P.
Lawless. Tom Moran. Frank Doling.
Adolf Gregory, director. Miss M. Conroy, or
ganist.
FULLER'S CAREER
IN GARDEN CITY
Man Arrested in Seattle
Is Wanted in San
Jose.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, Nov. s.— William S. Fuller,
who was arrested in Seattle yesterday on
a charge of embezzlement, was until a
few months ago manager of the Standard
Oil Company's office in this city. It is
alleged that he was short $500 In his ac
counts, and a warrant charging this was
swam to a few days ago before Justice
Cobb.
Fuller cut quite a swath as a sport here
for some time before he disappeared. He
was on a spree at the time he left and
telephoned his resignation to the com
pany. Fuller deserted a wife and child.
Some time before he left. Fuller, it is al
leged, posed as a single man and courted
and became engaged to a young lady
bookkeeper in a grocery store here. As
she was on a visit to friends in San Fran
cisco at the time he departed a story be
came circulated that she had eloped with
him, but this afterward proved to be un
true.
Fuller was located in Stockton and Los
Angeles, but before he could be arrested
he left those places. A surety company
that was on his bond has hunted him
down.
Fuller, it Is claimed, took the money in
small sums, which he spent gambling and
drinking. He will be brought back here
for trial.
Bobbed by a Highwayman.
STOCKTON, Nov. 5.-Joe Morichi and
Ray Garvin were held up at %.n early hour
this morning by a masked highwayman
while on their way home afoot in the
northeastern part of town and Morichi
was relieved of $300 in cash. Garvin was
not molested.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 0.-The War De
partment has no communication concern
ing an accident to the Warren. The latest
dispatches about this transport said she
had sailed from Nagasaki November 2
with the passengers of the Sheridan
which had been disabled near Nagasaki
Experienced lumbermen say thet In the
process of seasoning, wood should be oc
casionally replied and decayed or defec
tive pieces removed, lest they infect the
others.
MARITZ KILLS
KAFFIR SPIES
Boer Commandant De
feats Force of British
Troops.
Lord Kitchener Explains How
Benson's Guns Were
Lost.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LONDON, Nov. 5.— A report has reached
The Hague that Boer Commandant Maritz
entered Bushmans Land and by the end
of August his commando increased to 3o*>
men. He attacked and defeated 600 mixed
English troops and Kaffirs, under Major
Gendwlne. taking 120 prisoners. All the
prisoners were liberated except the Kaf
firs, who were found guilty of spying.
These were shot.
Documents were found at the head
quarters of the English ordering the seiz
ure of farmers' horses. Maritz says this
caused the revolt to spread. He also stated
that the Boer losses in the fight at Fort
Itala In Zululand. where Colonel Murrav
¦was killed, were nineteen killed and
wounded. General Botha was In command
of the Boers.
LONDON. Nov. s.— Lord Kitchener, in
a report to the War Office under date of
November 4. giving further details of the
recent engagement near Brakenlagte.
Eastern Transvaal, between Colonel Ben
son's column and the Boers, says:
"The Boers were unable to remove the
guns they captured until a British am
bulance went out, when, under cover of
the ambulance, the burghers carried them
off. The Boer losses were undoubtedly
heavy, but no correct estimate of them
Is obtainable. Commandant Opperraaii
was killed and Chris Botha was wounded.
The Boers are reported to have behaved
badly to the British wounded."
Lord Kitchener further reports that
Cape Colony to the eastward of the West -
em Railway Is cleared of Boers, with tht>
exception of the Fouche-Myburgh-Wes
sels command of 400 men, with which Gen
eral French is dealing.
SALESMAN ROSENHEIM
ESCAPES FATAL SHOCK
Broken Telephone Wire Falls Across
Trolley and a Horse Is Badly
Injured.
OAKLAND. Nov. s.— Philip Rosenheim.
a salesman in the employ of Austin A Co. .
real estate brokers, had a narow escape
from being electrocuted to-day while driv
ing along Broadway. A telephone wire
that had been broken in some unaccount
able way had fallen across the troilev
wire in the street opposite St. Mary'-i
College and became heavily charged with
electricity. Rosenheim did not see the wire
and did not know of its presence until his
horse was felled to the street by contact
with its deadly end. 'When he alighi^'l
to make an examination as to the eaase
of the accident Rosenheim discovert I
that he had come within an ace of run
ning into the wire himself. The horse was
not killed outright by the shock, but W*a
so badly maimed that it will probably bo
necessary to kill It.
Sudden Death of ex-Soldier.
OAKLAND. Nov. s.— While sleeping last
night at his home. 1560 Eighth street. Wil
liam T. Peckham. a Philippine veteran
and former member of the Sixth United
States Infantry, died. His body was found
this morning. Peckham retired last even
ing in apparent good health. He re
cently passed a physical examination for
service in the Southern Pacific employ.
The Coroner took charge of the case.
The deceased ex-soldier came from Grand
Rapids. Mich. He was 21 years old. Aa
uncle, John H. Hawthorne, resides here.
Merchants Will Feast.
ALAMEDA, Nov. s.— On next Thursday
evening the Board of Trade will hold It*
first banquet in a local cafe. The com
mittee arranging for the feast consists of
F. N. Delanoy. Halavor Hauch, C. P. Ma
gagnos and H. Rosenthal.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Mellin's
Food, as prepared,
contains sufficient
nourishment in a di-
gestible form to satisfy
a child and promote
his growth.
Pictures of satisfied babies in our bock. ¦ • V
Send for it.
Mellin's Food Co., Boston, Mass.
MUNYON'SINHALER
§ CATARRH
CATARRH
Colds, Coughs, • .
Influenza, Bron-
chitis, Asthma
and all Diseases
of the Throat
Clouds of Medicated Vapor are. inhaled through •
the mouth and emitted from the nostrils, cleans- i
ins and vaporizing all the inflamed and diseased
parts which cannot be reached by medicine taken
into the stomach. - '
It reaches thesore tpots— heals the rays places .
— goes to the srataf disease— acts as aoalm ana . ¦¦
tonic to the >rho!e $v*tem-91.00 at drvQqists or
mart. Munvon. New York and Philadelphia- ¦
; ; . .
XSSSV VIM, VIGOR. VITALITY for MEN .
i< fi3P 3 @^ MORMON BISHOP" S PILL»
jS4 nB ' - have been' in use over Srty
fife?lfKy*>SJß years by the leaders of tht»
•raSx fsti tael Mormon Church and their
®VIM, VIGOR. Positively cure t!u»
MORMON BISHOP'S PILLak
have been in use over fifty-
years by the leaders of th»
Mormon Church and their
followers. Positively cure ttte
f?*rßi/;TP ii&ii worst cases in old and young
arising from effects of self-
vßt^i'ftW abuse. dissipation, excesses or
Bj&'l. ? |y, cigarette-smoking. Cure Lost
Manhood, Impotency. Lost -
Power. Night Losses. Insom-
nia Pains In Back. Evil Desires. Lame Back. ;
Nervous Debility. Headache, Unfltnesa to Mar-
ry, Lobs of Semen. _g^ Varicocele or Con-
Btlpation.Stop Ncr :Q fJ yous Twltchln* of
Eyelids. Effects are Zt,Jt!« lmm«tf*te. _ Im-
part vigor and pote CE ' IT3 ncy to every func- -
tion Don't gat despondent: a cure Is at nand. •*
Restore small. undeveloped organs. Stimulate
the brain and nerve centers: 60c a box: • for
S2 50 by mail. A written guarantee to cure or
money refunded with « boxes. Circulars free.
Address BISHOP REMEDY CO., 40 El Us St..
San Francisco. Cal. GRANT DRUG CO., 33
and 40 Third «t. . : -.
iEiMERCES
l^F FAVORITE
PRESCRIPTION
Ml for weak women, i
112
SAW CISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets; open
until „ o'clock every night In the year:
Kit ANCH OFFICES— £27 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 p. m. \->\ -> r;
SOO Hayes street ; open until 9:30 p. m.
tZS McAllister etreet; open until 9:30 p. m.
$15 Larkin street: open until 8:33 p. m.
1541 Mission street: open until 10 p. m.
1261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
trail 9 d. m. ;': .,' ¦'•• __
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 p. m.
M Valencia street; open until 9 p. m .
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky streets; open until 9 p. m.
200 Fillniore street: open until 9 p. m..
MEETING JVOTITES.
Mo"uXt"mOIUAH Lodge. No. 44. F. «
and A. M.-Stated meeting THIS J%^
(WEDNESDAY) EVENING at SeciW
o'clock. _TJIEO.jrR^L2C^L_Jec L _^3_
CROCK Lodge No. 139. F- a d A. ML
M.-Stated meeting and tnird degree £1
THIS EVENING. November 6. at 6:40 JLK
o'clock By ord<-r of the W. M. '¦••¦¦
ociock. i» H. FORTRIEDK. Secretary. _
EXCELSIOR Lodge No. 166. F. and A. -•
M -Stated meeting THIS EVENING, J^
November 6. at 7:38 o'clock. /V_K
H. J. OWEN. Secretary. /~T '
CALIFORNIA Chapter No. IS3. O. E. am
S fleers nnd members are requested JB^
to attend the funeral of our late £J
brother. HERBERT C. PORTER, from
the Masonic Temple. 8 Post st. TO-DAY at
2 p. m. ISADORA HORTON, Secretary.
KNIGHTS of the Red Branch, at- j£
tentioa! An important meeting u/^^r _£>
of your society will be held THIS S___^ _>
(WEDNESDAY) EVENING.
PRESIDENT. *fTiy-
NATIONAL UNION, Call- «__¦__-— ¦
fornia Council, meets v^^_^S»!ff-^___
TO-NIGHT at Pioneer "-"^V
Hall, Fourth 6treet. at ,-r 1
fc o'clock (In its new hall). Visiting 'riends
cordially invited. By order .
W. A. S. NICHOLSON, President
C. H. VAN ORDEN'. Secretary.
AG EXTS WASTED.
AGENTS WANTED— Our great set of Christ-
mas books now ready. Best and newest books
for chi'cren. Cclored pictures Lowest prices.
Best severs ever known. Agents selling from
32 to 25 books a da -. Also life William Mc-
Kiciey and Complete Story of His Assassina-
tion, including Lives oj, Lincoln and Garfield
and Stories of their Assassination. About 500
extra large pages. Biggest, best book. Superb-
ly illustrated. Lowest price. H: ndsome and
value _le premium. 75 per cent to agents. One
book free with each ten ordered. Freight paid.
Credit Riven. No experience necessary. Outfit
free. Sell the best Look. Make the iroet
money. We give the most liberal treatment
All orders shipped day they are received. We
own the largest binderies and are the enly
publishers shipping books promptly. HENRY
NEIL. SI'S Dearborn *t.. Chicago, 111.
|S TO $10 per day easily made selling our cel-
ebrated perfection flavoring powders; no alco-
hol: no adulteration; pure, Iresh and strong:
agents wanted in every locality. LONG
BROS., manufacturers, S9SS Howe st, Oak-
_ land. Cal. '__
"UNDER Both Flags": thrilling stories of the
Civil War; superbly illustrated; a rapid sell-
er; liberal commissions; free territory. Ad-
dress Washington Publishing Co., Chamber of
Commerce building. Tacoma, Wash.
INCREASE your income $10 to $25 per week;
no canvassing, no soliciting; strictly legiti-
mate; no capital required; stamp for partic-
ulars. P. O. box 501. Oakland. Cat.
WANTED— Good, live agents to sell patent
Class hones; something entirely new. H. A.
KAIIPE. IS Mason st.
- ASPHALTUM ROOFISG.
J. PELTIER, s-spha''. roofing, sidewalks re-
paired; postal. US', Mission; tel. Folsom 2477.
ATTOK>_VS AT LAW.
ADVICE f-ee divorces private; bankruptcy; col-
lections ;atU>.chmeßts ;mortgages ; bills of sale ;
l>artner?hiiis;deed?; wills drawn ;fees low;open
eve's. THURSTOX, 1003% Oct., r. 4, opp. sth.
ADVICE free— Divorces a specialty; quick;
Quiet ; no charge without success; collections,
wills iiceis, etc., prepared; charge low; estb.
16 yars. Atty G. W. HOWE. 850 Market st.
COLUMBIAN Law and Collection Agency, sixth
floor, 91S Market— business of all kinds
solicited; advice free; able body of attorneys.
ADVICE free; moderate fee if successful; office
open evenings. HUGH C. GRANT. 927 Market.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. 827 Market St.. opp. Mason.
L. 8. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg.. 927 Mar-
ket St.; confutation free; no fees in advance.
BICVCL_!i — For Sale or Exchange.
GOOD second-hand bicycles for sale. $5 up;
send for bargain list. LEAVITT _ BILL,
809 Lark in st.
BOAKEIX(i FOR CHILDREN.
MOTHER'S care and good home for two or
three children; low terms. 1607 California si.
books anew AND OLD.
BOOKS of every kind bought. Tel. Red 2906.
HOLMES BOOK CO 704-70C-70S Mission st.
I IT It 13 Ai; THINKS.
TRUNKS of every description at bedrock
prices. Factory and salesroom, B*6 Howard.
BtJSLStSS-i CIUKCES. .
A— slooo— BAKERY on Market St.; low rent; 5
years' lease; 4 living rooms", baking 3 barrels
per day; most store trade; owner cleared $1500
the last * months. Call R. G. WILKE, 26U
Kearnj- st.
A— S4SO— SALOON ; living rooms; cheap rent;
surrounded by warehouses; opposite freight
depot. Call R. G. WILKE. Mi Kearny st.
$400 — CORNER grocery and bar: living rooms;
cheap rent; best part of the Mission; see and
make an offer. _. G. WILKE. 26V4 Kearny.
A— SI6OO— CORKER grocery and bar, doing a
large cash business; splendid bar trade; rent
$25; sickness of wife only cause of sale. See
R. G. WILKE. 2C',i Kearny el.
A— BAKERY and restaurant; established
for years; doing a first-class paying business.
Call R. G. WILKE, 2CV4 Kearny st
A— S3SO— DELICACY and pork store, with 3
living rooms; rent $14; business established
years and clearing above $100 per month. Call
R. G. WILKE. 26 : = Kearny st.
$1000— LIQUOR store on Market st. ; estab-
lished many years, doing a good paying busi-
ness; investigate and you will find a splendid
business oiler. R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny.
J3OO-RESTAURANT; chance to get bargain;
part down; good location. DONALD McRAE.
£37 Mi:«lon st
$„<>— RESTAURANT: don't miss this proposi-
tion; rare. D. McRAE, 837 Mission st.
$250— RESTAURANT; cost $1000; rent $30; sound
value X>. McUae Furniture Co.. 837 Mission.
$300— CIGAR store; clubroom in rear; location
the best; south of Market st.; established for
years; doing good business; party must sell-
going East. STENBERG CO.. 759 Market et
CIGAR store, very £rood corner at a. bargain.
Call at 9ZZ Market ft., room 14.
GROCERY and bar; 3 living-rooms;' bears full
investigation. Call at 935 Market st., room 14.
DECK & CO., 527 Market, r. 208— Lodging-
houses and businesses of all kinds. Go to
DECK; he has the snaps.
$75 CASH will buy a first-class restaurant;
must be sold by the Eth of November. Mc-
bRIDE _ CO.. 933 Market Et. rooms 1 and 2.
FOR SALE— good saloon on Market st ; on
account of death will be sold at a bargain- no
agents. McLEOD & HATJE, 515 Market st.
A FIRST-CLASS milk route, stock, vehicles
etc., easily worth £10,000, but offered for $6000*
N. I). SI'KELS. the Land Agent 6 Geary st.
$400— ESTABLISHED blacksmith shop for sale •
good business of 20 years' standing. App.y
1501 Folßom st. ; easy terms.
A— Cigar stands: 30 to select from; $100 to $1200
Ask C. L. HEDGES, 461 and 462 Parrott bldg.
5200— PARTNER: commission business; clears
$75 month to each. STRAND & C 0. ,209 Kearny.
A— DELICACY store in first-claes running or-
der; snap. MITCHELL & CO.. 1206 Market.
FOR Sale— Bargain; elegantly furnished pri-
vate family hot<-l: strictly lirst-class; location
excellent: no reasonable offer refused Box
1533. Call^>lflce. '
MAN to take steady position with established
company; unusual opportunity for young man
wanting a future; must take small Interest
in company. Address box 1557. Call office.
WANTED-Men. $3 per day by advancing $500
each, with (W per cent) Interest on money
with pood security; long fob. 2525% Mission
Ft.: hours 7-10 _ m., 7-9 p. _. owner.
MONEY made easy and quick by buying State
rights and selling county rights on a splendid
selling article: a sure money-maker. Box
1616. Cal! office^
A— tUs: CP.AXCH bakery and notions; 3 Hving-
rooms; rent Jl2 M; good location. Call. in
bakery, 2C">S Market St., for particulars.
GROCERY— Eiejrant stock and furnished rooms;
rent til; sacrificed. Twenty-second and Cas-
tro ets. ~ . * . . - :
$22"— INTEREST in a wholesale, retail and
manufacturing business. Inquire at 247 Fifth.
j_jnUSINTSSS -Cwnttn ncd ;^ j
I TWENTIETH Century Laundry shares are pop- ,
ular with the Investing public; these shares j
are appreciated because they have value be-
hind them; it is because of this fact that they
t
are not sold for a mere trifle, as are many I
stocks; returns will be quick, and in good
amount; no speculation here; call or write for
full information. Address
THE AMERICAN GUARANTY & TRUST CO.,
Fiscal Asents,
/,"..- 32S Montgomery st.
$650 OR more invested immediately will secure
an interest in new invention fully as valuable !
i as the telegraph, telephone or electric light, :
¦ and will furnish immediate and permanent j
employment exhibiting same in office eight >
j hours daily at $2 50 per day cash, and also a j
I commission of 10 per cent on all sales; money 1
I is needed to secure foreign patents at once j
I and this is an unparalleled opportunity; many
fortunes have been made out of Inventions I
¦ not one-hundredth part as valuable as this, 1
1 which is without doubt the greatest scientific I
I discovery of the twentieth century; satisfy !
yourself by thorough investigation . before in- 1
vesting a penny; invention will be on exhibi- \
tion from 9a. m. to 3 p. m. Call or write In-
I ventor, room 8, 1073% Market st.
i BANK SHARES.
i Just a few more investors with $100 or more.
Bank is the only one in a lively Interior town,
j now doing a business of over $3,000,000 annually.
! A most profitable and safe investment
Highest local bank references. !
Full particulars obtainable by addressing
! box 1649. Call office. • •
i FOR sale — of the best transient corner sa-
loons in city; established 20 years; with 44
I newly furnished rooms; will sell together or
separate; price $6000. Box 1408, Call office.
I A GOOD opportunity — Owing to other interests
I will sell a first-class livery stable; Al trade;
good location; full investigation to buyer.
Box 1147. Call office.
WANTED— Party, male or female, with small
j capita.; A No. 1 investment; big money-
! maker. Address W., box 1620. Call.
: WOOD and coal yard for sale. Apply 629
i Hai_ht st. ¦
FIRST-CLAfcS saloon with grocery; on account i
1 of death. Inquire at 1697 Folsom st.
! RESTAURANT and oyster house for sale; 32 !
1 years same place; account sickness. 207 Third, j
i $350— CORNER grocery and bar; fine location; j
cheap rent. Box 1459. Call office. __^ !
LODGING-IiOI'SES FOR SALE.
ALL BARGAINS— CALL FOR LIST.
8 rooms; on Mission $275
9 rooms; fine corner 325 I
I 24 rooms; the best 30u0 :
i 12 rooms: large yard 1500
40 rooms; bearding 4500 I
17 rooms; fine corner 1350 :
60 rooms; apartment house 4200 j
7-room flat on McAllister st 225 j
MONEY TO LOAN ON ANY HOUSE.
8 rooms; fine yard 350
10-room house; fine location 425
i 24 rooms; on Geary st 1900 |
! 100 rooms; clears $350; payments to suit... 6000 1
16 rooms; transient; only $400 cash 750
• 8 rooms; Hat; near City Hall 350
j 18 rooms; on Sixth st; clears $80 ......... 800
i 24 rooms; on Market st. ; clears $150 1600 !
I 10 rooms; on Mason si.; new 750 j
; 32 rooms; otfices; clears $250 :...: 3500 j
j 21 rooms; $600 cash, balance payments.... 1250 •
ABSTRACTS FREE WITH EVERY HOUSE.
FRENCH SPOKEN.
I H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market; tel. Mint 796.
1 A FEW SAMPLES OF OUR LARGE LIST:
; Any of the loliowing on monthly payments:
I rooms on Ellis; a bargain $323 j
17 rooms; $250 can remain; clears' $S5 600 !
1 33 rooms; grand transient location 2200 '
&> rooms; good location; clears $150. 1200 i
; 21 rooms; corner; part cash X. 1500 j
I 2s rooms; piano; clears $60; payments.... 400 i
¦ rooms; grand corner; clears $600 s'joO |
6 rooms; $125 cash, balance payments.... 330 ;
I 40 rooms; always rented; sacrifice 1250'
j CALL. WE CAN SUIT YOU.
15 rooms ; respectable; clears $90 1500
! 20 rooms; good location; money maker 750
I MONEY LOANED ...PHONE JOHN £31
A. H. RETSLOFF. 906 Market st.
: A. CAMERON & CO.. ~ " "
i£o Market st. and 8 Stockton st.
Rooms a, 22 and 23. Phone Bush 328.
See our list of barrains.
104 r., rent $475; sunny cor., clears $350.
; 60 r., Al loc, fine country trade established. i
40 r., rent $150: Al loc: clear $400; e!eg't.s4(//0 !
; _ ,r.. rent $110; tine family house 2600 ;
; 15 r.. rent ?S0; NE. cor.; new cleg. turn.. 1500 1
10 r., rent t'J;: modern fiat; reduced to.. SSO '
8 r.. rent $35; water free; good home.,.. 300 ;
7 r., rent $35; flat ¦?.;.. 250 j
Flats, 3 to 14 rooms, $150 to $1000 )
j Private residences, 7 to 2S r., $250 to $3000. !
! THE DONALD INVESTMENT CO., I
6*o Market Bt Tel. Davis 2SI I
• 26 rooms; good income- $2,600
I 17 rooms; pood transient location 1,509 '
¦ 15 rooms; Van Ness; good furn 1,400
I rooms; fine Turn.; a lpice home 700
* rooms; a bargain 650
13 rooms; good; new; clean 1,500
16 rooms; fine condition; all rented I.SCO !
19 rooms; modern house; fine furn 2,500 '•
21 rooms; well furn.; good income 2,600
; 18 rooms; good location; pays well 1,500
j 6 rooms; good furn. and carpets 509 j
j MARION GRIFFIN. 719 Market Ft., rms. 1, T. |
! Tel. Black l-S-0-3; office near Call bldg.
i' He has 4 salesmen. Business is booming. '
; He has 3 ladies canvassing for lodging-houses.
I Get his free list of 541 lodging-houses.
I He has money to loan; payable monthly or.
I yearly. Itemized inventory with every house
! A CLEAR TITLE OR NO SALE.
i Several good city and country hotels.
I Houses, prices and terms to suit all buyers. '
WINSTON _ WOLF T. !
.PHOTOGRAPH GALLERY ENTRANCE.. '
1026 Market Street :
10 rooms; best of furniture; reduced $75'J '
17 rooms; offices; rent $75; modern 1200 I
i 13 rooms; $500 cash, $10 monthly 953 j
i 18 rms.; nr. Orpheum; rent $75; part cash. 120.)
20 rooms; rent $53; business street 950 i
: 41 rooms; rent $>0; a money maker 2201 ¦
! C 2 rooms; elevator; modern; part cash.. 6500'
i A— lo ROOMS; Ellis St.; rent $32 50; only.. j
16 rooms; good furniture, carpets; only.. 725 \
12 rooms; Market st. ; rent $40; good house. 550 I
1 Many more bargains; get our list first.
I MITCHELL & CO.. 1206 Market st !
: A— NOTICE— We have rooming-houses, all sizes j
I and prices, in all carts of the city; get our i
j list first MITCHELL- & CO.. 1206 Market st. j
[ FOR sale at great bargain, price $1400, 37-room I
house on Market st.; rent $50; must be sold
1 at once. McBRIDE & CO.. 993 Market st.
I FOR Kale— At a great sacrifice a 100-roomed
house paying- $150 per month; rent $65; price
1 $1500. 933 Market Et McBRIDE & CO.
M. E. RIVES. 916 Market; Phone Main 12S.
j 12 rooms; housekeeping; rent $60 $650
IS rooms; bay-windows; all sunny 1250 I
i 26 rooms; central; cheap rent 2300 :
; 42 rooms; ail rented: good Income 4000 i
BUYERS — Before buying a house go to •
: G. W. SCHWEINHARD.
I Phone Mint 1911. 917 Market St.. opp. Mason.
) He can suit you in houses and prices.
j THE largest and best list cf lodging-houses,
i hotels and business ch.nces can be found at
the office of FISHER & CO., 535 Market et. ; !
phone Folsom 1592. j
FINE rooming-house of 15 rooms; all full; good j
location: newly furnished. Call at 935 Market ;
St.. room 14. -
1
WANTED— Rooming-house. 10 to 15 rooms; i
j state price; no agents. Box 1535. Call office, j
I MINNA. 172— A 12-room lodging-house for sale, j
SPIRITUALISM.
I A— MRS. DR. FARNHAM, spiritual medium j
and life reader; mining a specialty; dr. Sun., j
j Wed. and Friday evenings. 1035 Market st. j
Miss M. Wille, 326 A Ellis, greatest of all crys- I
tal seers; reads your life correctly; full names ;
given; sitting?, Me up; 3 questions by mail $1. 1
C. V. Miller, world's famous materializing me-
dium; spirits speak face to face; seance Tue.,
Fr.. Su.. 8 p. m.. 60c. 1054 Bush ; p. Larkin 2275.
¦ MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, bus. medium; I
life reader; medical clairvoyant; sittings, $1; !
letter, $2. 1161 O'Farrell St.; Ellis car.
I BROCKWAY'S psychic seance, Sunday, Tues- j
1 day. Thursday, 8:15 p. m.- 25e: reading* daily. |
m Hjde. cor. Eddy: phone Hyde 2564. 1
! A— PROF. GEE. 108 Sixth St.— Readings. 50c j
! and $1: circle every night except Wed.; 10c.
I MRS. ELSIE REYNOLDS, materializing Wed. I
, eve. 205 Taylor st, corner Ellis; 50c
I Mrs. Lester. 148 6th, r. 12— Medium, palmist & ;
j magnetic healer; read' daily ;tel. Howard 1129. i
', MME. MAXWELL, circle to-night 1238 How- I
ard. 8 p. m. ; entertain. 903 Market. Mon. 11th. i
! ARNOLD DICKSON. tells everything; 50c. $1; !
, full materialization Thurs., Sun.eve. 201 Turk, j
EDWARD EARLE. 328 Ellis, phone Polk 1601; i
sittings 9:30 to 5; seance Sun. and Thurs.
• Mrs. Van Baker's circles Tues. & Friday eves.,
j 25c; everybody^ get a test. 732 Eddy; no sign.
FCIENDSHIP^Ian. 335 McAllister— Mrs. C. JT
Mey^r; fitting- dally: test to all to-night. 10c.
clairvoyants. /
mc. m. Bernard! r *
the FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently
located at 17 Third st. next Examiner bldg. She
I reads your life correctly, gives an accurate de-
, script ion of the past, reveals the present hap-
| penings and portrays events to occur in the fu-
ture. If you are In trouble, discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied in life, or have domestic,
love or business troubles, consult this great
I medium and you will be told how to overcome
: them, Valuable advice in all affairs of life; I
I Sue up; satisfaction guaranteed. Tel.. Black 4569.
ISMAR, the Egyptian Gipsy, . clairvoyant and
palmist permanently located 1148 Market, op-
posite Sixth: private readings daily. 10 a. m.
to 5 ,). m. Sundays from 10 to 12 a/ m.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 6, 1901.
CLAIRVOYANTS Cont!nn*«l._
BROOKS. CLAIRVOYANT AND MEDIUM.
I>g you wish to succeed? Are you making
a change in business? Are you ill, depressed
or uncertain? Why not seek the fullest
knowledge that will help you to succeed?
Letters containing stamp answered. BROOKS,
I2ofi Market, rms. 34 and 35, cor. Golden Gale.
MRS. DR. F. CLARKE, the well-known trance
medium, is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
ket St., corner Golden Gate aye., rooms 25 and
26. take elevator. Perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mail; send stamp for pamphlet
with special terms. Daily and Sunday.
A— LINCOLN, CLAIRVOYANT.
HIGH PSYCHIST.
The most wonderful clairvoyant on the coast;
he succeeds .vhen others fail; permanently
located at 125 Turk st.; readings by mail.
DAGMAR, the Egyptian, draws aside uncertain
years; if you are4in trouble, unhappy or not
satisfied consult Dagmar, the wonder; she
will put you on the right path. 1035 Market
St.. room 14.
ME. AF.XDT, the great clairvoyant, tells past,
future, never fails; has the greatest Egyptian
secret; shows picture future husband or wife;
fee 25c and up; satisfaction to everybody; open
Sundays; hours 10 to 8 p. m. 215^ Sixth st.
ME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil— second sight;
diagnoses diseases with life reading; ladies 50c,
gents $1; palm, and clair. sit. $1 50. 126 Turk.
Princess Ishmael, clairvoyant, 1008% Market,
from Alohobar; Ist appearance: read life with-
out ques.; hrs. 9 a. m.-9 p. m.; Sun. till 2 p. m.
GYPSY MESMAR, clairvoyant— Tells every-
thing: sure tips on races. 1152 Mission st.
CLAIRVOYANT, card reader, from Louisiana;
only 10c; from 1 to 8. 262 Minna St., nr. 4th.
MRS. BROWN clairvoyant, card reader; ladles
25c, gents bOc; readings dally. 132 Sixth st.
MRS. MELVILL, well-known clairvoyant, water
reader. 11 6th; German spoken; tel. Jessie 1563.
MRS. B. Baumann, well-known fortune teller,
has removed from 315 O'Farrell to 222 Eddy.
ME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, reader; palmistry;
truth or no pay; 25c. 1149 Mission, over store.
MX. SCHAFFER clairvoyant, card reader;
s.ttlngs daily. 448% Jessie st., bet sth and B:h.
ME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
CARPET BEATING \ND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pionear Carpet-beat-
ing Works. 353-357 Tehama st. ; tel. South 40.
MODERN Co.; steam cleaning, 3c; laying;
cleaning on floor. Phone Mint 301; 923 Mission.
AMERICAN Carpet-beatinK Works— Cleaning,
3c: renovated; relald. 104 14th st. ;tel.Capp 2542.
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co., 402 Sutter Bt. ;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO., Prop.
RUDOLPH _ CO., carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison; tel. Mission 263.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-cleanins: Works,
33 Golden Gate aye.; telephone East 126.
CITY Steam Carpet-beating Works. G. H.
STEVENS, Mtrr., 38-40 Bth St.; tel. South 250.
J. E. MITCHELL. Carcet-cleaning and Reno-
vating Co.. 210 Fourteenth St.: tel. Mission 74.
CHIROPODISTS.
BUNIONS, corns, ingrown nails; painless cure.
DR. DUNCAN. 206 Kearny st., room 307.
CORNS, bunions, ingrown nails removed with-
out pain. Dr. E. Menor. 6 Eddy St., room 105.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No charge un-
less successful. Room 310, 927 Market st.
COLUMBIAN Law and Collection Agency, room
85. 91ti Market. Advice free; tel. Red 5211.
COTTAGES TO LET.
$13— NEARLY new; 4 rooms. 464 Douglass St.,
near Twenty-first. Castro-st. cars.
DENTISTS.
A— DR. T. S. HIGGINS, 927 Market St., Emma
Spreckels bldg.— Painless dentistry at reason-
able prices; pure gold fillings, *1 50; other fill-
ings, $1; KOld and iwrcelain crowns, $5 up;
plates, a full set of teeth that look natural
and guaranteed, $5 up.
Painless extrs^tion.
I do first-class work only and guarantee it.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, 809 Mar-
ket St., cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teelh
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
$:i 50 up; plates, extractions free, $4 50 up; of-
fice hours 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sundays, 9 to
2p. m. J. W. THATCHER, 11. D., Manager.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions or fillings by my
wonderful secret, painless method; 20 years'
experience; no students ; advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
UR. GEORGE W. LEEK, 20 O'Farrell St.
A — NEW unbreakable plate, the Rose Pearl,
warranted for 20 years; crowns, $3 50; fillings
50c; plates, $5. full set; all work painless and
¦Karranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth.
AMALGAM fillings. $1; silver fillings, 60c; gold
01 porcelain crowns. S5: set of teeth, $7;
teeth extracted painlessly. New York Den-
tists, 569 Mission St.. southeast corner Sixth.
PARIS Dental Parlors. 235 Keafny. cor. Bush-
Full set of teeth, $4; crowns, $3; fillings, 25c.
YOU can save 4^ per cent on dental work by
going to DR. BROWN, 54 Sixth st.
AT Ideal Dental Co., 6 Eddy st.— Work done
on weekly Installments; lowest rates.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG, 1841 Polk St.
DR.R.L. WALSH. 815% Geary.nr.Larkin— Pain-
less extraction 50c;p!ates $5 up;phone Polk 1133.
DR. H. G. TRUMAN, dentist, third floor. Ex-
aminer building; formerly In Murphy bldg.
DETECTIVE AGENCIES.
INVESTIGATIONS, civil and criminal; reliable
and efficient work guaranteed. Address D.
LE VAN*. 314 Leavenworth st.
DOG HOSPITALS.
DR. CREEL Y'S C. P. dop soap by druggists
or at the Hospital, 510 Golden Gate aye.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School-
Class rates; patterns cut. 1013 Market st.
FRENCH accordion and knife pleating. WM.
PfLGER, 121 Post, over O'Connor & MofCatt.
EDUCATIONAL.
HEA_IVS~Sh6oL O!F ELECTRICAL~ENGI^
Is BERING— Theory, demonstration, construc-
tion; laboratory and shop work; thoroughly
practical; day and night. 24 Post st., S. F. ;
catalogue free.
AYRES' LeadiriK Business College, 723 Market—
$S per month: $50 life scholarship guarantees a
complete business education: shorthand, typ-
ing, bookkeeping, arithmetic, penmanship,
spelling, Spanish, etc.; experienced teachers;
new typewriters; positions secured; cat. free.
HEALD^ SCHOOL OF MINES. 24 POST ST..
S. F. — Thorough courses; complete equipment;
all subjects pertaining to mining and mining
engineering; day and night ; catalogue free.
A — The official reporters of theSupremeCourt ad-
vise their friends to attend the GALLAGHER-
MARSH COLLEGE. Is this advice worth fol-
lowing? Life scholarship $50; catalogue.
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical col-
leges; references, President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
CALIFORNIA Business College; most thorough
modern methods; positions for all graduates;
new 60-page catalogue free. 305 Larkin Et.
MERRILL-MILLER College— Shorthand, typ-
ing, practical bookkeeping. Rooms 40-45, Par-
rott bldg.; Individual instruction; catalogue.
ENGINEERING— CiviI, elec, mining.mech.sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day, eve.; est. 1864. Van
der Nalllen School, 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
BOOKKEEPING, figures; the one man who per-
fects beginners, college graduates &. bookkeep-
ers is TARR, the expert, 220 Parrott building.
A FULL course of Ellis bookkeeping and the
Gregg shorthand costs only $60. San Fran-
cisco Business College, 1236 Market Bt.
MARY P. WESTHAUp, piano, mandolin, guitar
lessons, 50c; piano for practice. 39 Fifth st.
Leo Cooper's School of Acting, 814 Geary st. ;
day and even, classes; send for new circular.
ENGLISH. Latin, Mathematics, Literature a
specialty. MISS ROULSTON. 776 O'Farrell st.
Chicago Business College, 1435 Market, nr. 10th—
Pitman shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, $6 mo.
VAUDEVILLE School of Acting— Pupils pre-
pared for the stage. 125 Mason st.
PROF. L. MERKI, experienced teacher; violin,
mandolin, guitar; juvenile class. 1008 Mission.
"ILLUSTRATION— PARTINGTOrFs DAY and
ILLUSTRATION— night class. 424 Pine st.
HEALD'S Business College. 24 Post Bt., S. F. ;
founded 1863; new 80-page catalogue free.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc. ; day or eve. ; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A — JAPANESE reliable housecleaning; also
cooks and waiters furnished at short notice.
George Kinochita, 783 Haighf; tel. Fell 5046;
br'ch 605 Stevenson, cor. 7th; tel. Folsom 2711.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office —
Beat help. 411% O'Farrell St.; tel. East 426.
CHINESE Employment Office— All kinds"~of
help furnished. 439 Bush st. ; tel. James 1601.
JAPANESE Intelligence Office— Furnish most
reliable help. 624 Bush 6t. ; tel. Bush 516.
! EMPLOYMENT OFFlCES— Continued
• JAPANESE and Chinese help of all kinds;
: cooks, waiter* and house servants. GEO.
AOKI & CO., 421 Post st; tel. Bush 135. ¦
j ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese, Ghi-
1 nese help. 42C Powell, nr. Sutter ;tel. Black 5072.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
nce; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 5188.
Esir LO YM EXT | \ XV AX'l'EU— F-SMALK.
A REFINED widow wishes a position as house-
keeper, companion or mother's assistant;
competent . and trustworthy. Refined, box
1542. Call office. -'•¦-'•
NEAT girl, 16, would like a position to ¦ take
care of small children. 12 Oak Grove aye..
rear, near- Sixth st., between Bryant and
Harrison. ~ ,<..¦¦: -
FIRST-CLASS German and American cook;
willing to assist with housework; wages $30;
references, i 4 Lynch st., bet. - Pacific and
Broadway, off Leavenworth^
STRONG, good, willing woman; a great house-
cleaner, and can do most any kind of work;
good references; wages $1 per day and car
fare; good washer of flannels. 760 A Howard.
I GERMAN girl wishes situation doing house-
work and cooking; city or country. 410 Frank-
lin st. . - • . - - -
COLORED woman, first-class laundress, wants
day work, $1 50 day; reference. 451% Jessie.
STRONG Swedish girl wishes work by the day;
$125. Call 631 Larkin at. .;
I GIRL : wishes situation in American family;
wages $20. 1212 Scott st. near Ellis. .-¦;-.
WOMAN wants situation for housework; good
cook; wages not less than $25. 204 Van Ness.
A NORWEGIAN girl wants housework in
country or city. 843 Franklin St., Oakland.
REFINED young woman would like position
. as attendant and companion to Invalid lady.
. Address Companion, Call branch office. 300
, Hayes st • : . ¦ , . . .;-..v
GIRL wishes situation; second work. Call at
131 Wlldey st., off Stelner. bet. Pine and Bush.
GERMAN girl wishes a position to do general
housework. Apply 1506 Ellis st. has good ref-
erences; call from 10 to 5 o'clock.
POSITION wanted by a first-class cook In
restaurant in city. Box 1657, Call office.
WIDOW lady with a child 3 years wishes posi-
tion as housekeeper. Address MRS. E. ROB-
INSON. 135 Hollis St., N. Oakland. „.
i WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket— 2oo rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night; $160 to
$6 week: convenient and respectable; free
'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has- been established at. 1096
Valencia st. ¦ - • '
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— MALE!
SITUATION wanted by an all-round engineer
and electrician; long experience in light and
rower plants; do my own repairing and re-
winding; have tools and test instruments;
steady, honest and strictly temperate. Ad-
' dress Engineer. 420 Sixth St., city.
YOUNG married man, sober and Industrious,
with several years' experience, wants sltuaV
tion in wholesale liquor house as cellar man;
good all-round man; good references. Address
E. M., 673 Geary st. »
BARBER, working short hours, wants Job Sat-
urday night, Sunday morning; state wages.
Box 1541. Call office.-
RELIABLE middle-aged man, German, wants
position in factory or ranch, or any other kind
of work. Box 1534, Call office. ' - .
MAN familiar with the city wants to drive and
care for one or two horses. Box 1635, Call.
BARBER wants short hour job or evenings
Saturdays and Sundays. Box 1556 Call.
YOUNG man, German, of good education, re-
liable, speaks English, understands all kinds
of farming, wants position on ranch in Cen-
tral or Northern California as foreman. Ad-
dress bOJC-lG3'j, Call office.
RELIABLE and experienced young man wishes
a i-ositicn es salesman with reputable con-
( ceMi; reft.* trees from last employer. Lot
' l:;>. Call office. ¦
FARMER and wife, German, want to take
charge of a small place in the country; can
¦ give good references. H. J. SCHUTTE, 58
I Third St., Winchester Hotel, room 611. .
i SITUATION wanted by man and wife; country;
wife for housekeeping, man to work on the
ranch. Address M. W., 25 Pennsylvania aye.,
Santa Cruz, Cal. .
A PAINTER, grainer and paperhanger wishes
a steady Job in some institution or for some
I : real estate Him. Ad. C. J. E., box 1637, Ca'l.
' GERMAN porter. 'first-class references, seeks
' situation in saloon or restaurant; understands
cooking. . Box 1623, Call office." ¦ ,
TWO steady young. men wish positions outside
of city; can do most • any kind of work. Box
1630, Call office.
I IjETLO'HVE work by Al man; terms reason-
j . al-le. Address M. P., 629 Geary st.
JAPANESE good cook wants a situation In
family; wages $30 up. Box 1661, Call office.
A BRANCH office for Call , advertisements and
subscriptions ' has been established at 109S
Valencia st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmort at
FINANCIAL.
PACIFIC Coast Underwriting Co. (inc.)—
have 42 o:flees: flees In operation; new method of
placing stocks and | bonds; companies. incor-
porated; stocks and bonds underwritten. Call
or address main office, 507-8-9 Parrott bldg.
COMPANIES promoted and financed, stock
taken in payment for services; good mining
and industrial propositions wanted; ; gold
bonds furnished PACIFIC STATES MINING
AND INVESTMENT CO.. 326 Post at.
FLATS .TO LET. -
NEW upper 10-room flat; bay windows in every
room; fine grounds and view. Northwest cor-
ner Portola and Duboce Park, off Waller, be-
tween Stelner and Pierce. : ¦
NEW flat, 7 rooms, for rent; furniture for sale;
vicinity Broadway and Laguna; $2500; no
agents. Box 1709, Call - office. • . .
WALLEji, 1706, near park— 3-room flats, upper
and lower; $9 and $11; water free. . ; »¦
$27— SUNNY top flat, six rooms and bath; al-
most new. 967 Oak st..- near Scott.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak, $48 50. with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE WANTED.
WILSON buys all kinds of household goods.
1710 Market; tel. South 413.
10,000 YARDS old carpets wanted. D. GREEN-
WALT. 708 Valencia st; tel. Church 1186.
A. WOLLPEET. 773 Mission st., pays highest
price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1354.
A. L. STORRS, 634 Ellis st. ; telephone Larkin
2782; highest price paid for furniture, carpels.
TEL. Jessie 761 before selling furniture, car-
- pats, pianos, etc. CHAS. LEVY. 1135 Market
- FRANKS AND PICTURES.
CLYDE L. KELLER, 128-130 Hayes, nr. V.Ness
— Best work and lowest prices west Chicago.
GLOVES.
D. & F. new $1 glove, retailed at factory price;
warranted; kept in repair. 121 Grant aye.
HELP WANTED — FEMALE.
COOK, 5 in family, no washing $3.".
4 cooks, German style .....$3O j
1 2 laundresses, country ... ............... $25, $30 j
I Nurse, 1 child $25
Lady's maid ."......".. ."77 .........$25
1 3 waitresses, country hotel $20, $25 I
6 second girls .........$2O, $23
General housework, . Santa Barbara, fare .
I • paid, no washing .. ". $20 |
Cook. : for men, ranch ...*. ............:... $2 : 1
Cook and wife, country hotel ; $50
Cook, for 12 men, dairy $25
Woman and, child, country ....$2O
43 girls. for general housework, city and
country ................'.......;..... $25, $30
Cleaning woman, ; for in5tituti0n ............. $20
J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
-. '•: "/\". ¦ New number, 334 ¦ Sutter st.
A— MRS. M. E. DAY CO Phone Main 1575
• .... .....HOTEL DEPARTMENT ...'.... I
. 4 waitresses, • first-class • commercial hotel, j
$22 50, fare paid 12 * waitresses, /- commtrci.'.
and city hotels, $20 and $25; 2 restaurant wait-
resses, $7; 3 chambermaids, to wait, $20........
.......... FAMILY DEPARTMENT ..........
• 2 cooks, San Rafael, $30, see ladles here; sec-
ond girl, San Rafael, $25; second girl, 2 In
: ; family, city, $25; cook, $30; second, $25, city,
• American - family; .; many . places for , cocking
,and housework; best wage 5..'.......'.............
MRS. M. E. DAY & C 0........".'. 335 Geary st.
A— TWO young ladies to - learn chocolate dip-
ping; - excellent f opportunity; wages , to begin
, and chance for increase. MRS. M. ¦E. DAY
-& CO.. 335 Geary st. ., : . ¦.¦..¦.".-"
A— HOTEL GAZETTE. ,26 : Montgomery, .] r. ' 12.
Waitresses, ¦ city ; hotels .....::..... — — . .". . $20
RESPECTABLE young girl : for light . house-
. work and care . for : child wages • $15. i l Sutro
Heights Louvre, terminus Cliff ; House steam
road. ¦ V •• - ¦ ¦¦; ' ..¦." ; '." ¦ ¦ ..'.'..--I/
— Experienced saleslady for suits and
waists; city references required. 'Address L.
C, box 1540, Call office. -...-.:- ',: '¦-¦• N : f—
NEAT girl: light housework, flat; 2 in family;
reu^t i understand * cooking; ¦• wages ; $12, to ; $15. .
1451 Leavenworth* st. ' "
HELP "WANTED — FEMALE Cob.
WANTED— Neat girl for light housework; an- •
sist with tt.Ly. Call Wednesday before 12 I
o'clock, 571 Waller st.
BRIGHT woman to cut ladles' underwear;
must understand cutting: state wages and
experience. Address box 179 J. Call office.
BRIGHT woman to cut ladlea' waists; must
understand cutting; state wages «• -» experi-
ence. Address box 1792, Call ofi 1
YOUNG girl; general housework : r» fam-
ily. 59 Portola St., off Waller, jvtwetn
Steiner and Pierce.
WANTED — Girl for general houa*work and
cooking: 4 in family; $2.">: al«o second girl.
NE corner Twenty-fifth and Fair Oaks sts.
WANTED- Expert machine embroiderer. Ap-
ply or send sample to room 134 Spring Valley
bldg, Geary and Stockton sts.
WANTED— A competent woman for cooking
and general housework; wages $15. 866 Mc-
Allister.
NEAT, industrious woman for housekeeper and
help in grocery store. 1896 Fifteenth St.. cor-
ner Dolores.
AN experienced, capable Protestant waitress
wanted at 1317 Jackson st, Oakland; refer-
ences required; call Sunday afternoon.
WANTED— A girl for light housework and as-
sist with children; German preferred. 427
Hayes st.
GIRLS wanted to work on coats. S. N. WOOD
& CO. ; factory, 27 Geary st.
EXPERIENCED hands and apprentices, men's
neckwear. L. SAMTER & SON, 518 Market st.
AMATEUR singers wanted. Apply at Chutes
at 6 o'clock this evening.
GOOD girl for light housework. 77% Fourth
St., near Mission.
A YOUNG woman to do general housework and
cooking; wages $20. 2599 Howard St.
FIRST-CLASS button-hole makers, $12 per
week, and finishers. 509 Kearny st.
WANTED— Young girl for general housework;
need not cook. IS3I Eddy st.
STRONG young girl to run errands; good op-
portunity to learn braiding. 636 Market st.
BODY Ironer and band ironer wanted. United
States Laundry, Sixteenth and Valencia sts.
WANTED— A neat young girl to assist in
housework. 2241H Sutter st.
WANTED— Woman for light housework. 1716
Sutter street.
GOOD hands on vests who can also make but-
tonholes. 641>£ Stevenson st.
WANTED— Young lady few hours each day. P.
box 1555, Call office.
MACHINE operators at LEVI STRAUSS &
CO.'S overall factory, 22% Fremont St.; good
wages; no experience necessary; steady work-
Apply MR. DAVIS.
EXPERIENCED operators on fancy and neg-
ligee ehlrts; also a few bright girls about 16
years of age for instruction; paid while learn-
ing:. Standard Shirt Factory, corner Gough
and Grove sts.
HAIRDRESSING taught In 2 weeks; manicui-
ing & facial massage included; course $5; po-
sitions positively guaranteed; 3 good positions |
waiting. S. F. College, 233 Geary St., room 13.
WANTED— A reliable and respectable woman
as nurse for 2 children, aged 2 and 4; doctor's
family. Applicants call at 1550 Page St., be-
tween 3 and 5 p. m.
YOUNG girl wanted in printing office; $4 week.
40 California St., room 9.
YOUNG woman for concert hall; none under 18
need apply. 525% Pacific st.
PANTS finishers; also printers: paid while
learning. 407 Turk st.
YOUNG girl to assist in general housework.
3639 Twentieth St., near Valencia.
WANTED— Domestic; general housework; fam-
ily 2; $10 month. 227 Third aye., 10-12 a. m.
WANTED— A girl for general housework in
small family. Call at office, 22 Second st.
GIRL for general housework; small family; no
children. 1334 Ellis st.
GOOD second girl. 25 Baker st.
WANTED— Young girl to do light housework;
live at home. Apply 234 Post St., room 10.
NEAT girl to help in bakery: German pre-
ferred. IPS Ninth st.
WANTED — Operators on men's coats. Box 1619,
Call office.
YOUNG woman for light housework and cook-
ing and wait on lady. 716 Franklin st.
GIRL wanted, to aaslst in general housework;
wages $15 to $20. 791 McAllister st.
WANTED — Woman to do light housework;
wages $15. 539 San Bruno aye., cor. 18th st.
W r ANTED— Young girl for housework; small
family. J715 Pine st.
GIRL to assist in housework and take care of
baby. 755 Eddy st
OtBL for light downstairs work: must be a
good cook; good wages. 1180 O'FarreH st.
WANTED — 5 lady solicitors; big money to ac-
tive workers; reference required. 1418 Mar-
ket st.
WANTED — Experienced lady wrappers for dry
goods. Apply at HALE BROS.', between 8
and 11 a. m.
APPRENTICES to learn tailoring; paid while
learning. Belasco & Harris Co., 541 Market.
WANTEiD^ — First-class waist, skirt and cloak
hands. Apply 1200 Geary st.
WANTED— Women for light work on fruit.
1731 Folsom st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore St.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st.
HELP WANTED MALE.
AT C. R. HANSEN _ CO.'S r^lC4~seary"sT.
Railroad Work Free Fare'
FOR CHATSWORTH PARK
60 drillers $2 25 to $2 50 !
50 muckers $2 j
FOR COMPANY WORK
25 laborers $1 75 a day I
Free Fare Ship To-day Free Fare :
Milker and wife, Sonoma Co., $50, see party j
here; buttermaker, country, $40. see party
here; 10 laborers, city, $2 a day.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Roast cook, hotel, south, $70 and fare paid, j
see party here; fry cook, city, $70; baker, i
country shop, $40 and found, see party here; :
Head waiter, country hotel, $35; 2 waiters,
same country hotel, $25; 6 waiters, country, I
$22 50 to $30; pantryman, country hotel, $20;
strong man to run dishwashing machine, ho- i
tel, $30.
C. R. HANSEN & C 0.... 104 Geary st. |
ERRAND boy wfeo kaows the city for our '
office.
C. R. HANSEN _ CO 104 Geary st. !
MAN about place, $30 and found: 2 setters for
sawmill, $50 to $60 and found and $50 to $73 I
month; watchman for mill, $50; stableman for i
mill company, $S0; 2 teamsters. $55 to $70; 5 !
teamsters, $2 25 day; milker, $35; milker and I
wife; millwright, $50 to $60; boy for milk
depot, $12 and found; 4 machinists, $3 day; !
laborers for city, $1 75 day; farmers and
Other*. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 623 Sacra-
mento st.
COOK and wife, country hotel, $50 and found; |
2 boarding-house cooks, $40 and $50; bedmaker
and waiter, $25; younr man for bakery, $20 •
and found; hotel baker, $45: restaurant cook,
country, $50; waiters and others. J. F. CRO-
SETT & CO., 628 Sacramento st.
AT W. D. EWER & CO.'S. 610 Clay St.— Ger- I
man driver for wine house, salary and com- I
mission; janitor for city, $25 and found: two- i
horse teamster, city. $1 75 a day; gardener
and chores, city, $25 and found; clerk for ]
country store, $60; machine blacksmith, city, :
$3 50 a day; cake and bread baker, city; !
driver for milk wagon, $30; scraper team- i
sters, country, $2 25 a day; pick and shovel !
laborers, country, $2 25 a day.
ANDRE'S Office, 316 Stockton st.
Cook, country, $50; French or Italian cook, >
$50; night waiter, country. $30 and found; ;
waiter, city. $9 a week; man to milk 10 cows .
and make butter, private place, $30; gardener,
$50; oysterman and tend lunch counter, $45; i
potwasher, $30; etc. j
WANTED— A first-class elevator conductor for '
a large retail store; * good salary and per- j
manent position for a competent man that 1
has had several years' experience and who is
capable of taking care of a Westlnghouse
motor. Box 1643, Call. I
WANTED by a reliable company, a gentleman
of good appearance to call on selected In-
dividuals with a high-class proposition; no
scheme; salary to right party. Box 1664, Call. 1
WANTED— Experienced dry goods and fancy
goods packer; must furnish reference in mak-
ing application, otherwise won't be consid- i
ered. Address box 1539. Call. \
A STEADY, reliable man, 25 to 40 years of
age, with $1000. can procure permanent situa-
tion; good salary and 6% on Investment; must
have outside business ability. Box 1655, Call.
WANTED— Steady, reliable man with $100 for
a plain every day bu ness; will pay $60 to
$65 a month; experience not required; place
permanent. Apply 765 Market et. room 3.
BOYS wanted to carry telegrams; good wages.
Apply Delivery Dept. Western Union Tele-
graph Co., 300 Montgomery st.
WANTED— Cabinetmaker to work on show
cases; young man preferred. 414 Market st.,
top floor. -*
"WANTED — A barber for evenings and Sunday
morning. 492 Haight st.
GOOD barber wanted at 503 Howard st.
HELP MALE—Con.
MURRAY _ READY Phone Main SS4S
..Leading Employment and Labor Agents...
Office Open 7 a. m. To-day
RAILROAD MEN .......
50 teamsters and laborers, Ukiah — Free Fare
...SAWMILLS YARDS W00D5....
25 men to work in sawmill, yards and woods,
no experience required... s3s _ fd & fare paid ;
CARPENTERS •
CARPENTERS i
2 carpenters, factory, country $3 day
I carpenters, rough work, mine $~is ;
5 ranch carpenters $0. and found ,
Rough carpenter, ranch 5?..... !
$35 and found, see boss here j
LABORERS ...NO EXPERIENCE j
6 laborers, near city, no experience required., .
$37 50 and found \
4 laborers San Mateo County.. s34 and found |
5 laborers, city $175 day j
5 laborers to do mucking at a mine $75 j
MISCELLANEOUS j
Young man to .drive team for a planing mill, ,
$1 75 day; young man, drive butcher wagon, j
country shop, $15 to $20 and found; man to j
run can capping machine; married farmer.
Santa Clara County, $40; buggy washer, $50; !
choreman for an institution; blacksmith, city, j
$3 50 day .' I
15 farmers and plow teamsters, $26 and $30; I
5 milkers, $30 and $35; 3 choremen and boys; j
15 teamsters. 2 and 4 horses. $2 and $2 25
day; 50 laborers city and country j
HOTEL AND OTHER DEPTS j
.COOKS PORTERS BAKERS.. ¦
Cook, country hotel, $1 90 fare.. s4s and found j
Experienced porter, city store $35
Porter country hotel $I*o and found; silver- ,
man, $25 and found; baker, country shop, $10 1
week; porter, saloon, $20 and found: sausage- i
maker, country $40 and found; 9 cooks, dif-
ferent places; 6 waiters
MURRAY _ READY 634-636 Clay st i
A— Waitress, country hotel, mining
town; $25 and found; fare paid. Apply MUR-
RAY _ READY, 634-636 Clay st.
WANTED— Boy to learn trade. THE STUPA-
RICH MFG. CO.. 141-147 Fremont St., San
Francisco, Cal. s
ICECREAM-MAKER can get permanent posi-
tion at LEHNHARDTS, 1159 Broadway.
Oakland. Cal.
PANTSMAKER wanted at JOHN REID &
SON'S, 907 Market st. j
WANTED— Two boys to distribute circulars. j
125 Geary st. : < ¦¦¦ » '
WANTED— A second hand on cakes; wages $50 J
a , month. 516 Hayes at. .. .¦
BOY wanted. Apply at ETTINGER'S, 723 Mar-
ket st.
LIVE young man for route and care of horses.
BERGER _ WEISS. 1518 Kentucky st
BLACKSMITHS' helpers wanted. 1504 Fol-
som St. • . s ¦¦<¦-] {
WANTED— Bushelman; steady position. ROCS '
BROS., 25-37 Kearny st.
WANTED— Baker; one who has worked In a
I pie bakery. Apply noon hour, 116 Erie st.
WANTED— Office boy. Apply 422 Battery st.
WANTED— Errand boy for drug store; one with
bicycle preferred. Answer box 1642, Call.
WANTED— familiar with retail gro-
cery or crockery business. Box 1793. Call office.
EXPERIENCED man who can command trade
to manage dairy routes. Box 1537. Call office.
SOBER man with $75 in commission business
can make $18 per week. 78 Third st., room 2.
WANTED— O. W. Reynolds, Muslin
Underwear Mfr., 597 Mission, corner Second.
WANTED— Good errand boy with reference; $4
a week. 104 Kearny St., tailor shop.
"WANTED — Bartender who can do porter work,
with good references. ¦ 694 Fourth st. •
WANTED— First-class tailor on custom coats.
301 Franklin at
WANTED— cook who understands how
to cook oysters. 123 Sixth st. ¦
BOOT-BLACK wanted: steady job; good wages
and found. 1048 McAllister at.
FIRST-CLASS waiter. 29 Stockton at.
WANTED— Bushelman. £64 Geary st.
A GOOD shoemaker wanted at 30C4 Mission st.
EXPERIENCED milk wagon driver. 14084
Devisadero st
WANTED— Steady young butcher; German pre-
ferred. 511 Pacific st. ,
WANTED— Gordon press feeder. R. R. PAT-
TERSON, 429 Montgomery st.
BOY for factory, $6 per week to start, at 639
Clay st.
BOY wanted to learn confectionary. 1205 Polk.
GOOD barber wanted. 803 Haight st.
GENTLEMAN wants partner In cigar
store. Apply at once at 245 Third st.
TWO chair barber shop for sale; cheap. 222
Gough st.
OYSTERS and lunchman wanted. 17-19 Powell
street.
WANTED— Reciuits for the marine corps. U.
S. navy; able-bodied, unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of 21 and 35; not |
less than 5 feet 4 inches and not over 6 feet 1
inch; able to speak and read English. For
further information apply at the Recruiting
-office. 40 Ellis St.. San Francisco.
1000 MEN wanted— drillers, tunnel, brush I
and shovel men to work. on ditch line being 1
. constructed for the Sweepstake Mining Co.. |
I near . Weaverville, Trinity Co., Cal.; apply on I
work; steady work, good board and best 1
wages in State. San Francisco Construction ¦
Co., 26 Montgomery st, room 25, San Fran- I
cisco, Cal. ¦ •
WANTED— and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third at; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
MEN to learn barber trade; only eight weeks
required; tools donated: positions guaranteed:
catalogue free. MOLER BARBER COL-
LEGE, 635 Clay st.
WANTED— Errand boys not under 15 years of !
age. Apply NATHAN-DOHRMANN CO.. 123
Sutter st. -• .1
WANTED— Reliable young man; plain work:
no experience required; $15 week; must have
tome cash. , 1221 Market, room 1, upstairs.
COAT, vest and pants makers wanted; apply
I a. m., Stevenson-st. entrance. r CHARLES
Lyons, London Tailor, 721 Market st.
CONTRACTORS to use coke ashes and clink-
ers. South Park Malt House, Brannan St.,
between Fifth and Sixth.
COATMAKERS - and I bushelman for country.
Apply REISS BROS. & CO., 24 Sutter st
SAILORS, ordinary, for ships for all parts of
the world. HERMAN'S. 26" Steuart st.
BARKEEPER. German preferred; must be
quick: references demanded. Box 1617, Call.
WANTED— Men for light work on fruit. 1731
Folsom st. - _
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 563 Mission St., bet. Ist and 2d sts.
SHOEMAKER— repairer. 319 Mason St..
near Geary.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c
to 50c. 563 Mission St., bet. Ist and 2d sts.
WANTED— Reliable breadbakers. 127 Mason st.
GOOD ladles' tailor. Apply J. McCLENEGAN,
532 Fourteenth st., Oakland.
GOOD-PAYING 2-chair barber shop, with liv- |
Ing rooms; $100 cash. Box 1622, Call office.
YOUNG man to do Janitor work for his tuition
at S. F. Barber College, 741 A Howard st
WANTED— Machinist and Iron molders. • 505 I
Mission st. ¦ .
McDONALD _ PERRY have 500 pairs second-
hand shoes for sale; 50c up. 241 Third st
PENSION, atty.. E. A. Bullis, r. 40, Phelan
big. Past com. Geo. H. Thomas Post. G. A. R.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket— "CO rooms, 25c night; reading rooms; free
'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
UOKSKS AM) VVAL.O.N3. ~~
¦ • - *
FOR Sale— Bay gelding, 6 years old. 16.1. can
trot 2:30 or. better; I rown stallion, record
2:28%. gentle for lady to ride or drive; also a
sorrel road team, 16 bands, 6 years old drive
double or single. Dexter Prince Stable 1309
Grove st
DO not fail to attend the special auction sale
Wednesday. November 6, at 11 a. m. at th«
Arcade Horse Market, 327 Sixth st. JOHN
J. DOYLE. Auctioneer. ' JOIiN ,
FOR 8 »i < _- y J. E. FINCH at Eclipse Stable
1375 Eddy st. a fine lot of carriage road and
business horses. v
ONE l-horse. truck. on» 4- ton express wagon.
one gurney: all second-hand; one second hand
trap. CARVILL MFG. CO.. 48 Eighth st.
VERY stylish bay carriage team; seventeen
hands; sound, gentle. E. 3., 721 Howard ls?
A BARGAIN in good carriage, saddle business
and road horses. DALZIEL. 6C5 G. G. aye
CHEAP-New panel body dellvery777al[ndry~~l
baker.. 1 ,hoe, 1 grocery wagonl'sts Hair Son:
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies carts harness
etc.. cheap. EGAN & SON. 'ai7 MIsXSTt
AN. A No. .1; express wagon, single: also lleht
camping w agon for yaK fhMP g V^X
HOISKS TO LET. ~
PRINTED list houses to let" send 'for""cTr-
cular.G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Mont£mejj£
6 SUNNY rooms and t^ath, newly painted and
papered; rent very reasonable. 38? San Jose
I *ye.. between Guerrero and Valencia su.
HOUSES "WASTED. : «,
WANTED— Furnished house: 7 or 8 rooms:
bath- small yard: north of Sutter. east of
Larkin; for 6 or 7 months. Box 1531. Call.
LOST AXD FOUND.
LOST— Stone marten boa. either on Oakland
broad gauge boat or Market st. Any person
returning it to Hotel St. Nicholas, office will
be suitably rewarded.
LOST— Purse containing papers valuable to
owner only. Return 1500 Taylor at. ; reward.
LOST— A pair spectacles. Please return to
WEMPE BROS.. 127 Mission ; reward $2 aO.
NEAR Ferry, cookbook wrapped in blue paper.
Return to 520 Van Xesa aye.
LOST— Oct. 31, ladies' gold Elgin watch and
long gold chain E. E. V. on outside or case.
• Reward will be paid to any one returning the
same to chief nurse. General Hospital. Pre-
sidio^ ¦ , "
LOST— SIOO reward: three diamond rinss near
corner of Eighth and Adeline sts.. Oakland.
$100 reward and no questions if returned to
DR. H. S. KERGAN. 112-1 Eighth st. Oak-
land > -
LOST— Nor. 2. Gordon setter, named Sam: own-
er's name and address and dog's name on
collar. Return to J. W. HUME, 3 Steuart
St.. and receive reward.
LOST— Diamond stud, between Eighteenth and
Diamond. Twenty-second and Eouglasa sts.
Reward 519 Douglass. __
CERTIFICATE of.deposU on the Nevada Na- -
tional Bank in favor EMMET CARTER (No.
6.490) for $140. Box I_B, Call office. <
LOST— Collie dog. sable and white. Finder re-
turn to 1415 Folao-n st; reward.
Heart-shaped locket and pin: liberal re-
ward. Return to 1609 Broderick st.
FOUND — A purse. Owner can procure th«
Bam* by Identifying same at 123 Collingwood.
IT will pay to "Remember" that the Califor-
nia Watch Case Co.. 220 Sutter st.. needs old
gold and silver to make new watch cases.*
MATRIMONIAL.
MARRIAGE bureau: estab. ISS7; -reliable and
confidential: list. 10c. Mrs. Hertz. 708 Ellis st.
MATTRESSES AND PILLOWS.
TO order, also cleaned and sterilized, uphol-
stery; Al caroet cleaning; honest work guar-
anteed. HOPKE BROS.. ill to 415 Powell at;
tel. Bush 421.
" MEDICAL. . ¦
DR. O'DONNELL— who are sick and in
trouble call and consult the specialist. My
medicines have been used for many years by
thousands: the unfortunate helped; relief In all
cases taken; the most obstinate cases hay*
been relieved by my medical treatment: fre»
confidential advice on all subjects of a deli-
cate nature; all classes of female complaint-
treated; relief to the longest cases. DR. G.
W. O'DONNELL. 1013 Market st. opp. Fifth.
A— MRS. SWEET, graduate Royal University.
Berlin; 25 years' experience in midwifery
cases; utmost confidence can be placed in her;
takes and treats ladies before and during con^
nement; beat care, attention; conflnemear^
$15; room and board $4 a week and upward: »
infants adopted. 60S Guerrero st., near 18th.
MRS. D. WYETH and MRS. KOHL. reliable
ladles' specialists for female complaints; in-
stant relief guaranteed; 30 years' experience;
private home before* and during confinement.
410 O'Farrell St.. near Taylor: hours 9 to 5.
THE original MRS. VIES is still located at
1228 Market; maternity home provided; of flea
house 10 a. m. to 4 p. m. and 6 to 3:30 p. m.
HINDOOHERB and MRS. DA VIES' original
method of treatment; maternity home; horns
in confinement 1128 Market St.. S. F.
MRS. D. ALLEN. 111S Market— Reliable ladies'
specialist; a private home before and during
confinement: best medical care; low fees.
DR. and MRS. GOODWIN, expert specialists^
well known and reliable; 23 years' practice in
8. F. ; maternity home; fee low. 906 Market.
DR. NG TOY KEE, 210 Stockton St.. opposite
Union square; all diseases cured by herbs.
MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALS.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. Me-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 193-197 Fremont st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, restaurant and po-
ker tables, barroom chairs, linoleum, new and
second hand; we always have a Large stock of
saloon outfits on hand; 32 complete outfits on
one floor, ready made; we can ship everything
In 24 hours. . J. NOON AN. 1017. 1019. 1021. 1023
Mission st., above Sixth: write for catalogue.
LOT machine shop tools, lathes, planers, shap-
ers. etc. also wood- working tools, such a« "*
band saws, wood planers, shaoers. stickers,
- mortisers, saws.- etc. J. B. JARDIXE, 220 •
Fremont at.
A NEW system of buying diamonds, watches,
sealskins, trunks, valises, etc., is beinar in-
augurated at the Portland Loan Office, 25
Stockton st. All you need is a very small
deposit. ¦
RETIRING from business; we are selling out
our stock of pictures, frames, moldings at a
reduction of half off: must close out every-
thing by Dec. 15. JONES _ CO.. 704 Larkln.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear, machinery, en-
gines boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear St.
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern boilers and
engines bought and sold. KROGH Mfg. Co..
9 Stevenson st.
JEWELRY for sale: diamonds, precious stones
bought. T. FERSHTAND. 126 Kearny st.
room 29. , -
FINE suits, $10: dress pants. $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st.
A— s3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats, $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters, 330 Kearny st, near Pine.
A— lo H.P. Atlas steam engine; almost new;
cheap. Address box 1674. Call office.
CHEAP — 4 hp. gasoline engine, steam pump, 1
saw arbor, all kinds tools. 546 Mission st.
BOATS, launches, rowboats carried in stock.
BAKER & HAMILTON.
BABY buggy, almost new. 63 Douglass st., off
Seventeenth.
FOR sale— Fine watch dog: genuine Dane. I
Delgardo place, off Hyde st. -
WINDMILL, pump and tank, almost new. F.
MICHIELSEN, 1230-32 Hampshire st.
2D-HAND pipe. 4, 3. 2. 1. \, in.; half pries
of new. H. S. WHITE. 516 Mission st.
CASH register (Hallwood): brand new; reduc-
tion of $55. H. F. ALLEN, 202 California st.
BAR outfits, showcases; all lengths and sized.
JACOB SOtWERDT. S2l Mission st.
PHOTO bargain list No. 17 now ready for
. mailing. 109 Montgomery st.
BIG prices paid for sealskins, full dress & Tux-
edo suits. Portland Loan Office. 23 Stockton.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving pic-
tures. BULLARD _ BRECK. 131 Post st.
GASOLINE engines, all size«, new and 2d-hand,
and launches. J. E. DOAK. 511 Mission st.
SAFES— New and second hand. THE HER-
- MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
ENGINES and boilers: second-hand machinery.
J. BURKE. 139 Beale St.
FAIRBANKS' 10-ton hay scale: Jeweler's steel-
lined safe, perfect order. 216 California st.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
WANTED— SmaII iron lathe, 12-inch buz»
planer, 30-inch band saw; must be Al and
cheap. Address A. 8., box 137. Santa Clara.
WANTED— Second-hand upright niano for
cash. H. L. WHITEHEAD, 1706 Market st.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical good.!'. 154 9th st: tel. Folsom 2522.
MONEY TO LOAN. .
A— MAnII^TAN^OA^FcOMPANY.
$300,000 at 6 per cent in sums to suit City and
Oakland, town and country property; second \,
, mortgages, life insurance & securities. Loan»-^
on unsettled estates, undivided interests in
real estate and legacies. We will purchase
any of above securities. Tel. Red 5024. MAN-
HATTAN LOAN CO., 7th floor. Crocker bldg.
A NEW idea In the mouey-lending business is
being tried by the Portland Loan Office. -'•->
Stockton st. : phone Bush 454. If you nee 1
money phone us and the manager of our
loan department will call on you and loan
you money at low rates on your diamonds,
watches, seal-kins, etc.. or else you caa call
at our office. All business confidential
ANY AMOUNT AT 6 PER CENT.
First, second and third mortgages
Undivided interest In real estate in probate... ¦
Mortgages and legacies bought; no delay
Get my terms before doing business elsewhere.
..• R. McCOLGAN
24 Montgomery St.. room i : •
$250,000— EASTERN capital to loan at low rate
on California securities, first or second mort-
gages, city or town properties, undivided in-
terests in real estate, legacies, etc.. al3O first-
class ranch property; will loan as high as 7.">
per cent of real value. W. L. HARPER. 351
Parrott bululln;. _
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent: first,
second and third mortgages, estates in pro-
bate, interest. in estates, legacies, undivided
interests, securities, manufacturing and mer-
cantile interests, corporation loans. Room 16.
l3t floor. Chronicle big. GEORGE E. OLSEN.
; HERMAN MURPHY. 603 Examiner bulldlns-
s.CoO?CCO at 6% or less in large sums; loans 1
on second mortgages, estates, etc. ; flnanclvig*
problems of all sorts and sizes. If your prop-J
erty is mortgaged and you need more money
see HERMAN MURPHY. 603 Examiner bids-
ANY proposition; any amount: 6 per cent, on
mortgages, estates, undivided interests: chat-
tel mortgages, etc. D. J. HALLORA.N.
I Adams building, 2C6 Kearny nt.. room tH.V* MOIiT:Y TO T^OAJf— Continued.
•RELIABLE corporation, established 1865. proper
Place I j borrow money on diamonds, Jewelry '
pianos and sealskins at lowest rate of interest!
S Gran- aye.. near Market st. ; tel. Black 6471.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry at low.
cst rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store, 546 Market
Et.: tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third st
MUNICIPAL Loan Office. 103 Grant aye near
Geary st. ; phone Red IKB.
OX real estate. Ist or 2nd mortgages and on fur-
niture or pianos without removal :any amount-
lowest rates. Becker & Co., 2C Montgomery!
ON furriture. pianos and other collaterals
lowest rates; quick; by private party. £50
Market st., room 10.
5 2°^ c< L aT ( per cent in lumi to suit in city
$U6.000 on large ranches at fair rates; second
mortgages. R. J. MERCER & SON. 412 Pine.
CASH leaned to salaried people on note with-
out ridorser or on mortgages at C per cent per
annum MORRELL. 609 Examiner building.
LOANS on pianos, furniture, no removal li-
braries, poods in warehouse, etc.; any amount •
lowest rates; private. Ormsby. 26 Montgomery!
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc.. by private
party; no removal; no commission; conflden-
tlal. Room 3. Conservatory bldg.. 801 Jones.
OX furniture, pianos ; no removal; money
quick; lowest Interest; easy terms; no broker-
age: reliable party. 1170 Market St.. room 68.
>j 3^ on furniture and pianos; $15 up: no removal;
no commission; private. Room 81. 6 Eddy st.
6^ ON real estate; mortgaged property «-
changed for clear. LEVITZKY. 314 Montgom.
Lowest rates, furniture, pianos; no removal: no
cominis. : confidential. Whltehead. 1706 Market.
OX furniture, pianos; lowest rate; no removal;
rtrictly private. LICK. 116 McAllister St.
°^* E L per rent on furniture; $5 a month on each
Slept); any security. 302 Montgomery st.. r. 1.
IF you want a home 1 will loan you money to
buy it. A. E. RUDELL. 222 Sansome st
OX SALARIES without indorser; other propo-
EUions. S. F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan big. !
THE TOUSLE V Company; loans and dis-
count?. 2n Parrctt building.
A MILLION at 4 per cent; smaller amounts at j
5; city or farm property; long 'time; state
air.ourt desired and location of property. P.
O. bo>: 2C72.
LOANS money on salary; no indorser; Eastern
plan. Western Loan Co.. 309 Phelan bldg.
— ~—^ M^^^— ¦ — .. — — i j
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AOMX we remind you that our piano stock.
.•>th new and second hand. Is the largest
w.t-t it Chicago and includes the mosf re-
1 ;-l>!e makers to choose from. .New pianos
* .!<! upon caf.v payments of $6 per month; I
:.. me t;ood pianos lor $3. {4 and $5 per month. \
HKXIMAN. CLAY & CO.. Stelnway dealers,
unrnef Kearny and Sutter sts.. San Fran-
,.; soo . corl er Broadway and Thirteenth st,
Oakland..
AI.I. highest grades sold by the Heine Piano
t"«\. foie agents most famous and oldest Aroer-
1< ;-:n makes: easy payments; big allowance for
KMonirtand pianos; rents $2 up allowed: bar-
"jMf •'' iT ' i: . $-•"• U J'; Steinways. I1S5; Chickerlngs,
: ' '•'•¦¦: others; agents wanted. We pay your
agents wanted. W<? pay your
:.;:v to ami from any part of California if you
liurrtutse. "17 Geary tt.
. bTLSCK. Everett. Hardman. Packard, Lud-
wiK. Harrington. Conover and other pianos. J
These makes we are now offering for sale
in our wholesale erooms at 933 Market \
t. to any retail buyer at wholesale prices; |
100 empty piano boxes for sale at 50c each.
THE WILEY B. ALLEN CO.. 933 Market.
ATTKXTIOX. BARGAIN HUNTERS—
Second-hand upright pianos Trom $53 up.
Second-hand svjuare pianos from $00 up.
Peeon'l-hand organs from $25 up; new up-
ripht pianos from $175 up. BEXJ. CURTAZ
&- SOX. 1G to 20 O'Farrell. Chickering. Mason
and Hamlin. Vose. Sterling pianos.
A I'ACT— We want you to buy a piano from
us no iv, because it is money in your pocket
to do so. We have many bargains, and why-
can you n^t get the benefit as well as any
one? Think of a piano at $75. MAUVAId
MUSK: to.. 7C9 Market St.
ANY piano sold by us taken back any time
within 2 years and full purchase price al-
lowed en a new peerless Knabe at regular
price; cost.* you only 20c a day to buy a
piano from us. KOHLER & CHASE. 30
OTarrrll ft_ ; established ISSO.
A SMALL Weber upright. $125: elegant walnut
• case Xnabe upright, almost new; also Sleek,
oak case; Hardman square, $45; organs $35
up. BOWERS v SOX, 23 Fifth St.. IVERS
& POND and A. B. CAMERON*, Agent«.
ANOTHER lot of high-grade new and second- ;
hand pianos Just put on sale for stornc*-- *"~t •
r .cheap: must sell; no reserve; fn.sta!in;<-
V desired. Wilsons Storage.. 1706 Market
fa.— HERTZ piano: good for practice.- -«¦••-"-- -~ :
upright, nearly new. $a 9. 217 Geary it. '" ": I
LARGEST standard upright piano; little u«ed;
KQins East account death: sacrifice. 602 Eddy. <
BTP&TJOB violins, zithers, old and new. H.
¦ lUjLLBB. maker, repairer, 2 Latham place.
M'l!Mi:R, Byron Mauzy. Lester Hamilton,
• • pianos. SOS Post st.
• ¦•;> second-hand upright for sale cheap.
(J HMIT7.. M McAllister st. /
I'CWT piano as good as new: staHfcard
• ke: a sacrifice. Hornung's. 216 McAllister.
- i -vIiEFFE'S. 22 Turk St., near Market—
;-?- r.inger. Schubert and Stelnway bargains.
EUECAKT new upright pianos for rent. $3 per
»io. - 'TT-CrRTAZ Piano Co.. SCO Hayes.
OFFICES AND STORES TO LET.
LARGE front show window and office to let;
moderate rent; see it. 219 Montgomery ft.
KOOM, light, phone; suitable for designer or
card writer: S5. Inquire 1&C8 Mission st.
OIL. ~~~
OIL tanks, second-hand, in good order; all
sizes; cheap. H. S. WHITE. £16 Mission st.
PALMISTRY.
H. JEROME FOSELLI. sclentlnc palmist. 515
Taylor St.. bet. Geary and Post; tel. Black 561.
NEERGAARD, president St. Germain College,
. reads from 1 to S. 700 Post; phone Hyde 2933
PAINTERS AND DECORATORS.
IOOMS papered. $3 up; whiting done. HART-
MAN' Paint Co.. 31i» Third; phone Red 3521.
PERSONALS. T~"
INDIAN* baskets, Indian relics, carios and an-
liau«i bouitht. NAT RAPHAEL. 118 Gearv
Bt.. largest curio store in America; visitors
welcome; Indian baskets from $1 upward.
AN eifgant line of remnants for suits to or-
der. (35; with these suits we make an extra.
pi.'.r tf pants free of charge; other suite on in-
stallments. $1 weekly. L. LEMOS. 1117 Mar-
ket bt., between Seventh and Eighth.
A — HA"R, birthmarks, moles removed forever,
painhrss and without 6car, with electricity, by
MISS GRUBER, the cosmetic artist, 3548
Eighteenth St., cor. Guerrero; tel. Blue 1361.
$6 PER day Thorough instructions in en-
larging photographs by maU: no experience
necessary, for email gum of II; no stamps ac-
cepted. W. E. Inincanson. Santa Clara. Cal.
A SURE cure for drunkenness, opium and mor-
rhine habit; the Mooser Co. Gold Cure; price
J5 per bottle. Address at 1125 Geary st , S
F., C*l.
DO you write ads ? Send address to-day on
your business stationery for invaluable in-
formation free. Harper Syndicate Columbus.
Ohio. \ '
MRS. TRIGGS, dermatologist— Superfluous hair,
moles, other facial blemishes permanently re-
raovec without pail or scan by the latest
clsctrie appliances. »C 8 Sutter; tel. Larkin 3171.
ONE B3TTLE of Plnus will cure any case of
N rheumatism, sciatica, neuralgia or gout; price
J2 SO per bottle. For circulars, Pinus Med.
Co., 734 Valencia Bt, S. F. ; tel. Church 1671.
ELECTRIC light in every room— Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third Bt., near Market; 700 rooms;
20c to $1 E0 per night; $1 £0 to $6 per week;
free bos and baggage to and from the ferry-
WHY C^uess? You can be certain of style and
fit by using Standard Patterns; Nov. patterns
and The Designer now ready. J. W. EVANS.
Dome«rt.ic oflVc, 1021 Market St., near Sixth.
FACE massage, complexion beautifying; latest
Continental methods; electric roleau; superflu-
ous hair removed by electrolysis. Mme. Zephey
Kia-oia. parlors 330 Butter; phone Black 1322.
NOTICE— To friends and the public in general: ,
I will not be responsible for any debts con-
tracted by my wife. G. A. ADOLPHSON.
AT cash prices; ladies' tailor-made suits, coats,
Bilk waists, trimmed hats, skirts, etc.; weekly
payments. C. F. ADAMS CO.. 156 Fifth St.
A HANDSOME manicuring parlor; experts em-
ployed: gentlemen's manicuring 60c; ladles'
25c; hair dressing 25c. G. Lederer, 123 Stcktn.
ADELKCA PATTI'S Beauty Cream. Secret of
continual youth- BOc, postpaid; free demon- ,
t ration; me and see us. Bon-Ton, 824 Post..
"WHITE enamel Iron beds, single, three-quarter
or double, $2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO.. 1310-1212 Stockton si, near Lroadway.
GO TO THE GREAT BOOK AUCTION
TO-NIGHT AT 7:»
104!) Market St. opp. McAllister st. ..
ri 'US hair and moles destroyed with
lectrt: needle. MISS EATON, 111» Sutter st.
A— IF your hair is faling or you are bald, call on
Dr.G. S.Moore, 832 O'Farrell; send for circular.
' A — VIDA Company, permanently cures stomach
trouble. 738 Valencia eL, bet. ISth and IKb. ,
PER SO If ALS — Continued.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates; 10
years experience. J. B. RAY. 457 Minna st,
DR. LAMOTTE'S FRENCH CORN PAINT, tho
best corn cure; 25c; all druggists.
DR. J. S. POTTS has resumed practice of medl-
clne; office Y. M. C. A. building.
WILL pay cash and good prices for old eeal-
• skins. Box 1205. Call office. ' ¦
STOP that "cough"— California Lung Balsam
will do It; all druggists; phone Pine 2386.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna: restores gray
hair to its natural color; $1; at all druggists.
LACE curtains cleaned for 35c per pair and up.
1277 Mission st. ; phone Folsom 2528.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs; ,
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & C 0. .733 Markt.
500 MEN wanted to order suits for $1 per week.
NEUHAUS & CO., tailors, 115 Kearny st.
TAILOR-MADE suits, $7 50; dress pants. $2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
OLD gold, silver, diamonds and precious stones
bought. J. R. JENKEL. 817 Market st.
PLANING AND TURNING MILLS.
WOOD and Ivory Turning. Placing, Shaping
*r.d Sawing. CARL F. HAAS. 95 Fremont st.
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
DR. C C. O'DONNELL— Office and residence,
1021H Market St.. between Sixth and Seventh.
DR WONG HIM. herb doctor, successfully
treats all diseases of the human body; see
testimonials at office. 115-117 Mason.. nr. Ellis.
A— DR. WONG WO. herb doctor; sanitarium,
764-766 Clay st ; see testimonials at cj*ce.
" PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE.
WANTED— A first-class rooming house, cen-
trally located, in exchange for new modern
five-room cottage, completely furnished, value
$3000. For full particulars address room 15,
Cauklin building. Bakersfield, Cal.
REAL ESTATE CITY — SALE.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO.. ~ "~~~"~~~
63S Market Street.
AUCTION. \ ,
AUCTION.
- AUCTION. ..
TUESDAY November 12, 1901
At 12 o'clock noon,
At our salesroom No. 638 Market st. <
HAIGHT-ST. RESIDENCE.' '."
South side (No. 1011) Haight St., 105 feet west
of Broderlck: modern house of 8 rooms, bath
and hard finished basement; lot 25x120 feet.
MODERN MISSION FLATS. . •
Southeast corner (Nos. 1201-1203) Sanchez and
Twenty-fifth sts.; 2 modern up-to-date flats
consisting of 5-6 rooms, porcelain bath, open
nickel plate plumbing, tiled mantels and sinks,
etc.; rents $33"per month; lot 22:1V&x51:9 feet.
WESTERN ADDITION FLATS.
North side (Nos. 2030-2032) Lombard St., 167
feet east of. Flllmore; 4 substantial flats' of
5-6-4-4 rooms and bath and -basement; sunny
and in good condition; this property is on the
boulevard connecting the Presidio with Van
Ness aye.; always rented and desirable; rents
$65 per month; large lot 26:6x112:6 ft.
MISSION WARM BELT INVESTMENT.
North side (Nos. 3422-3424) Nineteenth st.. 103
feet west of Mission: 2 nice houses of 6 rooms
and bath with separate basements each; this
property is situated between Mission and Va-
lencia sts., which are the principal business
streets of the Mission; present income $42 .per
month; lot 25555 ft.
JONES-ST. IMPROVED PROPERTY.
East side (.Nos. 1506-1508-1510) Jones St.. 35 feet
north of Jackson: 2 modern flats of 5-6 rooms
and bath and one 2-story house of 10 rooms
and bath: well located: fine neighborhood; lot
47x?5:6 ft.
SOUTH OF MARKET INVESTMENT.
Southeast side (No. 45SL) Clementina St.. 127:6
feet northeast of Sixth; a substantial house
6 rooms and bath; 6-foot basement; lot 20x75.
POST-ST. RESIDENCE.
South side (No. 176?) Post St.. 113:6 feet east
of Webster; substantial well-built house 9
rooms and bath; sun and light in every room;
lot 24x114:6 ft.
WESTERN ADDITION COTTAGE— ON
-. TERMS.
North side (No. 2516) McAllister St., 156 :«
feet west of Parker aye.; modern cottage 7
rooms, bath and basement; lot 25x96:4 or terms,
$500 cash, balance as rent."
PACIFIC HEIGHTS RESIDENCE LOT.
South side Vallejo ft.. 165 feet west of Flll-
more; a magnificent building in an aristocratic
iK'iehborhood 'commanding an elegant marine
view; lot 55x137:6.
nOLLT PARK LOTS.
"orth side of Rlchland aye. 575 feet east of
V-"«.uth aye.; lots 35-36. Holly Park Tract; 2Sxloo
f each. - ..
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.,
• 638 Market St.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO., " '
. - 63S Market St.
FOLSOM-ST. BUSINESS PROPERTY.
— Store and 3 fiats on the north side Of
street, between 7th and Bth Bts.:well
built: In good condition; always rented;
pays $684 per annum; the large lot, 28x
100 feet, is easily worth the asking
price; investigate this, as it is well
worth your time. j
PARK PANHANDLE FLATS.
$10,000— Three new modern flats of 6 and 7 rooms
and bath; all 'the latest modern up-to-
date ideas are found in this building-
Just completed; rents $97 50 per month,
or nearly one per cent per month; this
is a gilt-edged permanent Investment;
lot 25x1C0. » i
WESTERN ADDITION RESIDENCE.
$9000— MAKE OFFER; handsome modern up-
to-date house of 9 rooms and bath; near
• Park Panhandle; fine stable and good
cottage in rear; situated In the middle
of a fine large 50-foot lot. assuring an
abundance of light; a rare chance for a
physician.
PARK PANHANDLE BARGAIN RESIDENCE
$5500— An elegant modern residence of 10 rooms
and bath; on the east side of Lyon st !
overlooking the Park Panhandle; this :
property cost over $3000 and will be bold i
on easy terms; 23x91:2 feet.
BARGAIN.
SOUTH OF MARKET STREET.
$4000— Four well built tenements of 3 rooms
each; near 10th and Harrison sts.;-tm-
prrtvements only C years old and In first
class condition; always rented; brick
foundation; lot 25x85 feet; rents $40 per
month.
MISSION FLATS.
, $5500— well built flats of 4. 4. 5. 5 rooms
and bath each: near Mission and 14th
sts.; rents f648 annum: lot 45xS0 feet.
RICHMOND FLATS.
. $2750— Four flats of 4 rooms each, on Clement
et.; rents $32 per month; always rented;
lot 25x120.
A SNAP.
$1700— Cozy modern cottage of 5 rooms and
bath, on Sanchez st., near 24th; street
cars; lot 24x80 feet; flat loan $1200 at 6
per cent can remain: easier terms can
be obtained; this is a sample of our
Mission homes; call and get a list; we
sell them on your own terms at y«ur
own price.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO., .
i _^ 638 Market st.
$6000— 25x80; south side Bryant St., between
Second and Third; Improvements, elegant 3-
story residence of 10 rooms and bath; can be
remodeled Into 3 flats at nominal cost; bo«t
renting property In San Francisco and In a j
district that is steadily increasing in value;
sacrificed as It is being held by undivided
owner*; make an offer. R. McCOLGAN, 24
Montgomery st., room 3.
$9000— PROMINENT Third-st. corner: 20x57:6;
rents $65 per month: will stand a raise; prop.
erty sure to enhance In value; sacrificed as It
• Is being held by undivided owners. Apply
R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery st.. room i. ,
FOR sale — artistic homes: new plans; up-
to-date conveniences; finished in natural hard
woods; prices very reasonable; the public in-
vited to Inspect: located Masonic aye. and
Frederick st. ; owner on premises.
14400— A GREAT bargain; 22 lots in heart of
city; beautiful marine view; only $200 per lot.
THE PHELPS-LEWIS COMPANY.
. f'-t - 395-396 Parrott building.
$350 EACH — lots; Eugene aye.; frontage
3 streets; graded; cash or install. 360 Jessie.
FOR — Cottage of 4 rooms, large basement I
and yard: half cash. 3022 Pierce at '
REAL ESTATE COUNTRY Sale
FOR^~SALE~OR EXCHANGE" . " ' ~ ~?.. " J
A highly improved country home and Invest-*
ment property near San Jose, consisting of ISO
acres, of which 100 acres are planted to the
finest varieties of resistant wine grapes. There
Is a family orchard surrounding the buildings.
The . Improvements consist of a large 12-room
modern residence, with spring water piped
throughout. The house Is surrounded by hand-
some grounds containing a large fish pond and
fountain. There are also stables and other
ranch buildings. The house sets on a sufficient
elevation to command a beautiful view of .the
Santa Clara Valley. The wine Industry is as-
sured good prices' for years to come and wine
grapes are selling for $25 to $30 per ton. which
makes a resistant vineyard an Investment prop-
osition. This property is worth your immediate
Investigation. For full information call on or
address. ' McAFEE BROTHERS,
10S Montgomery St.. San Francisco. CaL
$2600— IMPROVED foothill farm. 204 acres; El
Dorado Co., near R. R. Box 222, CalL
POULTRY and dairy ranches for sale; write for
tree list. r C. R. WINFIELD. Petaluma, ; Cal.
1
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 6, 1901.
RE i AL ESTATE: — COUNTRY — For Sale
FOR SALE NEAR SAN FRANCISCO
Small tracts, $60 to $90 per acre, on Rancho
Cotati, Sonoma Co.; future value assured, as
San Francisco is growing rapidly; location
best for poultry and general farming. -Apply
: to The Cotatl Co., 302 California St., for pam-
phlets information;.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
BARGAINS; improved St unimproved property
acquired by foreclosure; % cash. Bank of Ala.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE. '
$2000— A LONG-FELT want; cottage house of 8
rooms, on sunny side of street; and only two
blocks from railroad station; a. bargain.
Apply to JOS. J. MASON, ¦ .'; '¦¦
Real Estate,
Berkeley . Station.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.-
OFFICE— IIIB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
WOODWARD. WATSON & CO. :
903 Broadway. '
MUST BE SOLD. ' ¦:.-¦."
Finest residence lots in Oakland.
$1250—30x100 SE. corner Webster and 241 hats.;
fine for fiats. t ..
1 551300— 35x100— adjoining the above.
$1250— 34x100— SW. . corner Valdez ' and 24th
(Valdez st Is first st. east of Webster); fine
easterly front.
$1000 each; two lots, 83x100 each; adjoining
the above, fronting Valdez. ..
All lots are sewered; street - work all done.
All lots from 3 to 5 feet above grade.
Every walk to narrow gauge train, '¦.. ¦
' WOODWARD, j WATSON & CO.
803 Broadway. '¦-.>. '. -.. - ¦•-¦'¦¦
$1900— SACRIFICE for a qulok sale: comfort-
able modern Eastlake cottage, ¦. with "... bath,
double bay window, ball, high basement and
brick foundation; lot 43x100 feet (note the
size);, very sunny; half block from public
park; 3 minutes' walk from Clinton Station;
very select residence location: neighbourhood
and surroundings the very best; street work
complete and stone Talks laid; house alone
is insured for $1750: rents for $15 per month;
must be seen to be appreciated; never before
offered for sale; a special bargain and ' will
Etand a close investigation. ¦
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO..
1008 Broadway, Oakland.
S. M. DODOE & SON. : .. • "" ¦'-."¦ ¦ ¦ ,
160 Broadway.
Elegant home, nearly completed,-" In growing
part of Oakland, out toward Berkeley: lot BOX
125; see this. ¦¦
$2600— New house near business part of Oak-
land; lot 34x100; barn, etc. - -
S. M. DODGE & SON,
- 1160 Broadway.
HOUSES of every ¦ description and price for
sale or rent. Apply to W. E. BARNARD,
HIS Broadway; telephone Main 10. ¦ ¦
COTTAGE of 5 rooms and bath; nearly
. new. 960 Park way, near Clinton station.
East Oakland. --- • ¦ ' '- -•-. ' ¦
CHEAPEST and best in America— Weekly
Call. 1C pages, sent to any. address In the
United .States or Canada one ytar for $1.
OAKLAND HOUSES TO LET.
FOR Rent— house and grounds in Linda
Vista Terrace tract, Oakland ; Piedmont cars
pass the door every few minutes. S. J. TAY-
LOR, Realty Syndicate. 14 Sansome St.. r.-. 12.
FIXE home, best part of Oakland, near , local
train station; 7 rooms and bath; this is some-
thing nice; key office. S. M. DODGE & ( SON,
160 Broadway. . '¦ .. ¦ /
OAKLAND ROOMS AND BOARD.
TENTH, • 572— Beautiful sunny rooms;- excellent
home table; terms- moderate: references.
OAKLAND FIH.MTIKE FOR SALE.
AN Introduction to you from H. Schellhaas, the
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin.- Oakland.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING. -
BUCHANAN. 605^*Tiear Hayes— Large alcove
• room and kitchen for housekeeping. >l
FRANKLIN, 203— Two furnished rooms, sunny
corner.
FULTON. 671— Two furnished rooms for house-
keeping; separate entrance; $9. ' . . -.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 1404— Sunny front room
and kitchen; $12. "
HOWARD. 'IO63— 2 sunny . completely furnished
front bay window rrr.s. ; range; electric lights.
LANGTON. 256%— Three sunny, nicely furnished
rooms for housekeeping; private family.
MCALLISTER, Kg— One large newly furnished
room; sink, gas range, bath, . laundry; $10..
MCALLISTER, 2000. corner Central aye.—
sunny rooms, furnished' for housekeeping; $10
NOE, 153— Two completely furnished bay-win-
dow rooms, upper flat; gas stove, grate; $14.
OAK. — 2 parlors furnished heavy housekeep-
ing, $16; front room, $10; back rm., sunny, $7.
OAK. Two nicely furnisned rooms for
housekeeping: 1 10. .
OCTAVIA. Corner Geary; sunny parlor
with kitchen furnished; gas stove; $13.
O'FARRELL, 128. cor. "Powell— nice room,
$4: upstairs; near the Orpheum. .-. ¦,;'.;
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions . has been established at 10J6
Valencia sir. • • '¦ - ... - ¦¦¦.. ¦" .¦
ROOMS TO LET — I urn. and I nf.iru.
A — BRUNSWICK HOUSE. 148 Sixth— Rooms",
• Me to $1 per night; $1 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
ARGVLE Hotel, 234 McAllister— New, elegant,
sunny; grill attached; country visitors find no
place like the Argyle; take McAlllster-st. cars.
AT Shasta House, 246 Third— rooms; newly
renovated: 25c. t0 75c, $1 to $3 week:
A SUNNY suite and singles, neat and clean;
bath, phone; in ices low. 232 Stockton st. -¦
BURNETT. 1426 Market (old No. 1364)—
nlshed rms., suites, single; also unfurnished.
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, corner Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
CRAWFORD. 102 Ellis— Sunny rooms; single..
$2; suites, • $3- per week; thoroughly reno-
vated; elevator. . . . .
ELEVENTH. 34— Sunny bay-window ' front
room; gas; running water and bath. : '
ELLIS. 639, cor. Larkln— Bedroom, double bed;
1 man, $7; 2 men, $9. Call 10 a. m. or evening.
FRANCISCO HOTEL— suites; single';
transient; baths. Mrs. King. Turk & Taylor.
GEARY. 405. The Navarre— Elegantly furnished
'suites and single; travelers accommodated.
HOTEL ST. DENIS (European plan). 24 Turk
Bt., near Market— Central location; new build-
ing; elegantly furnished; strictly first-class;
60c per day and upward; special rates by the
week or month; best in the city; references;
take Market-st. cable cars to Turk st. .
LOCUST aye., 125, nr. Van Ness and McAllister
— Furnished' front-room; $1 25 per week. .
MCALLISTER, Nicely furnished front room
suitable for two; adjoining room if desired. V .
MINNA, 667, corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room; $1 per week; transient. : .
NEW ARLINGTON, 1015 Market— fur-
' niched rooms; $2 a "week up; 35c a day up.
O'FARRELL, 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; elec. lights; day," week, 'mo.
POWELL,. 131, near Baldwin lot— Front rooms
to let. - ¦ ¦ ' ... -.•¦.•>. , v
ROYAL House, 126 Incandescent light;
. reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' • par-
lor; rooms, per night, 35c to $1 50; week, $2 to
$8; month. $8 to $20; elevator on ground floor;
rooms with hot and cold water; baths. |
SAN JOSE aye., 233— Sunny front room; refer-
ences. ". • -, .¦¦". .. :." .- />if .-
SHERMAN Apartment House, ¦28 » Eighth st.
near Market— Furnished or unfurnished*. \ , , .'
SUTTER 320% (The Stanford)— from $3
to $7; singles, $2 to $5 per week; transient
TENTH. Large sunny bay-windowed room;
large closet; $10. . .¦ ¦ .. - .- . ..
TO let— Nicely furnished sunny room; private
family; Western Addition; references; rent $8
Address H. U.. 2742 California st. •¦ ¦.¦
TURK, 543— Large sunny room, $9; Blngle
room, $5; grate, gas and bath; private. 1 ; ..;
TWENTY-THIRD, 3726. near Dolores— 2 . sunny
bay-window rooms; nice, . neat, - complete. c:l>
WILMOT, 728 Changed hands; elegant
suites; prlv. baths; sin, rms.; lst-class board. .
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
A' BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established *at " 1096
Valencia st. .wß*w!i*«<w^i«bn»a««B»ai^i|iji>[uif i
' ROOMS AND BOARD. '-.
ALMORA, 20th and Mission— Newly furnished
suites and single; warm belt; tourists at spe-
c ial rates; first-class board if desired. . . ,\
THE CECILERNE. 930 Van Ness aye.
THE CORBIN, 836 " Sutter— Rooms '¦ single r and
en suite; private baths; all rooms sunny; ex-
cellent table. ¦•-¦*: ; : : ' . , .
CALIFORNIA, 807 (Stevenson mansion)—
family hotel ; exceptional table; attractive rms.
SUNNY front parlor suite with board for 4 In
private family. $18. 516 Jones st.; telephone.
HOTEL Las'Palmas, 1820 Market— Suite 2 or 3
rooms, bath;- board optional; single rooms.
HOTEL Repeller, 781 Sutter— Newly furnished;
- excellent table; special rates to tourists.. -
O'FARRELL 621— Elegantly furnished rooms,
with board; references. ' • ¦¦"''¦'".": .
CHEAPEST and best In America— The ..Weekly
Call. " 16 pages, sent to any - address in the
, United " States or Canada one year for • $1,
postage paid. - ¦ ' ' " ¦¦'• ¦; .
ROOMS AND BOARD WANTED. >
YOUNG lady wishes board and lodging in pri-
¦ vate family; French-Jewish preferred. Box
1718. Call Office. - \ — v
RUPTURE SANITARIUM.
RUPTURET 6ured at HUNTER 1 " ANIT A-
RIUM, 1206 Market St.; treatment free only
Invention In the world that will not torture.
SPECIAL NOTICES. .
THE following children have been received in
the S. F. Nursery for Homeless Children. 1534
Mission St., since July 1, 1901: Albert Haight,
half-orphan, age 5 years 2 months; John B.
• Conway. half-orphan, age 3 years 1 month;
Edwin Duggan,. half-orphan, age 5 years 7
. months; George Kelly, half-orphan, age 1
I year 1 month ; Infant girl 1 day old. • • ;
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
.CO., 415 Montgomery St., rooms 9-10; tel. 6580.
DISEASES and ailments of men treated ;-con-
EUltatio>i free. American Dispensary. 514 Pine.
CHEAPEST and best in America— Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address in the
, United States cr Canada one year for $1.
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold and repairing guaran-
teed. Ghas. Plambeck, 1915. Mission, nr. 15th.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
pairing; lowest rates. Tel. Black 1124. 205 4th.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchange; re-
pairing; lowest rates; phone Mint- 45. 145 6th.
i STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.,
office Post and Powell sts.; tel. Main 6713.
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse, 840 Mis-
sion st; tel. Howard 941, F. W. ZEHFUSS.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany, 2320 Fillmore st. ; phone Jackson 281. ..-¦
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 722 Mission St.;
tel. Main 1840; shipping at cut rates.
TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARGAINS IN TYPEWRITERS^We
sell better machines for less money than any
house; in the city; rentals, $3. The Typewriter
Exchange. 636 California; telephone Main 266.
WEBSTER Typewriter Inspection Co.— Expert
typewriter doctors estimate free. 209 Sansome.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND Notice.— Giant Powder Com-
pany. Con.— dividend,- No. 35, of seventy-
five cents (75c) per share on the Issued capital
Ftock of the company has been declared pay-
. able at the office of the company, 435 Califor-
nia st., San Francisco, on November 11, 1901.
Transfer books close ! November ' 4, 1901, at
noon. A. A. .SPARKS.. Secretary.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following: marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday: : ,
Renuialdo Glambastlanl, 29. Point Reyes, and
Rosina Anßeli, 18. Point Reyes.
Perry O. Bishop, 29, Manchester, and Elsie
M. Davidson, 21. 3406 Twenty-fourth street. j
Jean P. S. Fauri. 37, 1341 Fifth avenue *outh.
and Marie A. Vignes, 24, Baden. - ¦
Carl Schmidt. .24. city, and Minnie Fiebiger,
20, city. • . :-.....
Gustav A. Dietle. 25, 853 Harrison street,
and Karollne E. Kiev. 23. 1105H Folsom street.
All red S. Hammersmith. 25, 1332 Geary street,
and TIHIe E. Ohlandt. 22. 601 Steiner street.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices' sent by
mall will not be inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name, and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
: BORN. V '
EICKHOFF— In this city. October 30. 1901, to
the wife, of F. R. Eickhoff. a son.  ',
FEENEY— In this city, October 16. 1901. >to
the wife of Robert L. Feeney, a daughter.
GUMMER— In this city, November 4, 1901, •to
the wife of Frank. 'A. Gummer, a daughter.
JAENICKE— In this city, November 2, 1901, to
the wife of . William iJaenicke. a son. ;-
KNuLFS— In this city, November 5. 1901. .to
the wife of Fred T. Knoles, a daughter.
WEBER— In this city, October 26. 1901, to the
wife of R. F. Weber, a daughter.
•\ : . DIED.
Baker, John '¦ Marshall, Archibald
Brickwedel. Henry W. Martin. P. J. . y .
Brown, Owen E. Messer, Marie G.
Doherty, Annie • Mooney, Daniel J.
Duffleld.Ahn Morrison. Edward H.
Elckhoff, Anthony .Mulgrew. Susan ¦ (
Hagstrom, Anna .C. Musante. Frank-.
Hamilton, Margaret O'Donnell.' Joseph L.
Hansen, Ferdinand Olson, Andrew
Hansen, Mary ; " Porter, Herbert C.
Heringhi, Bernardo ' Schnitzler, Henry
Holm, Lorraine . Sullivan, Mary
Lee. Willie O. . Taylor, Joseph
McAfee, Mrs. Carroll Welch, Eliza > 
McLaughlin. Hannah Wilbirt. Adeline A.
BAKER— In 4 this city, November 5, 1901, . John
Baker, a native of Skibbern, County Cork,
Ireland, aged 37 years. ¦ .- •
E7"The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Thursday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors of
J. C. O'Connor & Co., 767 Mission street. In-
- terment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
BRICKWEDEL— In this city. November 4. 1901,'
Henry W., beloved husband of Lena M.
Brickwedel, • son of John H. and the late
Gesine Brickwedel. and brother of Mrs. G.
W. Oetzel and Mrs. W. Niemann, a native of
k San Francisco. -.' ¦¦•¦ * I .•¦..-
V (CT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 1 o'clock, • from his late resi-
dence, 1911 Hyde street, near Union. Inter-
ment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
BROWN— In this city, November 4. 1901, Owen
E., beloved husband of Mary Brown, son of
Mrs. Elizabeth Brown-Pappenfus, and brother
of William, Herman, John and Lizzie Brown
and - Mrs. D. " J. Hughes, . a native 'of San
Francisco, ¦ aged 28 • years •8 . months and 8
days. ..- . '¦ . ¦'. .
ICTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited" to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 10 o'clock, - from the residence
of his mother, 527 Ellsworth street, oft Cort-
land avenue, ' Bernal ' Heights. Interment
Mount Olivet Cemetery. ' ; '.. -V. . .
DOHERTY— In this city, November 4. 1901.
Annie Doherty, a. native of England, aged 60
years. ' \ ¦ • ¦' ¦ .¦ '_ • ;-¦¦ i. I
Friends ! and acquaintances | are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral : to-day
(Wednesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the chapel
of St. Mary's Hospital, . where a requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
DUFFIELD— into rest. November 4,
1901. Ann Duf field,, beloved wife of George W.
-Duf field, aired 71 years and 6 months. :¦.
E?"The funeral will take place- to-day
(Wednesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of her daughter. ; Mrs. John J. Quinn,
1911 l Larkin street, thence to St. Brigid's
Church, where a solemn . requiem mass will
¦ be celebrated for , the repose, of her ¦ soul,
commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy
-. Cross - Cemetery. ; :': ' -•.¦ -
EICKHOFF— In New York City, November 6,
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
(Successor to Flannagan & Gallagher.) •
DANIEL P. DONOVAN, Mgr. V
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
20 Fifth st., opposite Lincoln , School.'
. Telephone South 80. . . ¦ '
Mt. Olivet Cemetery,
.. San Mateo County. •
OFFICE ©16 MARKET STREET.
, J. HENDERSON, Manager. •
JAMBS McGINN, ,\
Formerly with McGinn Bros., has opened,
new Funeral Parlors at 214 Eddy st., bet.
Taylor and Jones. Telephone South 576. ;-
.UNITED UNDERTAKERS, •
127 and 29 Fifth st. Tel. . South; 167. -: *!',
FUNERAL DIRECTOB3 AND EMBALMERS.
; finest' Equipment at' Moderate Rates. 1 •'
NEW FIRM OF UNDERTAKERS.
Samuel McFadden. 18 ¦ years . manager for
%the United Undertakers' Association; i M. J. .
Mcßrearty, with the same company for 10
; years; P. F. Green, i late ; with J. C. O'Con-
nor & I C 0 .," have open ¦ new Funeral Par- *
lors at 1171 Mission street, between Seventh
f and Eighth. 1 -! Telephone South 44.
1801, Anthony, husband of Louisa, and father
it of Paulina and , Henry Elckhoff, aged 73
: years. ,-¦;¦... ,i ¦>¦.'>;¦.<- -V \- .. V.- * :¦.""•. - i. : .¦
HAGSTROM— In this city, November 6. 1901.
J Anna Constance, beloved daughter of Carl A.
and Hulda Hagstrom, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 6 months and 5 days. ''-..:
HAMILTON— this city, at St. Luke's Hos-
pital, November 4, 1901, Margaret A., beloved
mother of Sidney and Jerome Hamilton, and
• sister of - Sidney, John and Jesse . Tate and
Mrs.. J. W. Philip, a native of Qulncy, 111.,
: aged 51 - years. - v - j ' ¦ - .* . - ¦ ¦••-¦-
i ICTFrlends are respectfully Invited, to at-
tend . the funeral services to-day (Wednes-
day), at 3 o'clock, at the chapel of Odd Fel-
: lows' Cemetery. ' ,- ¦ . . .
HANSEN— In . this city, November 4, 1901,
Ferdinand Hansen, brother of Christian, Em-.
¦ ma and Wilhelm Hansen, Mrs. L. P. Han-
sen and Mrs. K. Stincke, a native of Nykjo-
blng Daa Lajalland, Denmark, aged 49 years
- 3 months and 19 days. ¦ . '
HANSEN— In this . city, November 4, 1901.
. Mary Hansen, beloved wife, of John Hansen,
and- mother of Emily and.Elner Hansen, a
native of Sweden, aged 87 years and 11 days.
IT?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
v fully invited. to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 1 o'clock, from her late resi-
'. dence, 1 704 North Point street, near Leaven-
.worth, ' thence , to 5 Washington-square Hall, j
corner Union. and Stockton streets, where ser-
vices will ' be held under I the auspices of Al-
catraz Circle ; No. 1. T. G. S. Interment Lau-
rel Hill Cemetery. . v-i ¦•¦'•. .-.;-. - *
HERINGHI— In this city. November 4. 1901,
-' Bernardo, beloved husband of ¦ Minerva " Her-
lnghi, and father of Edward, Leopold, Sam-
uel, Sarah, Aarcn, Charles and Louis Her-
Inghl and Mrs. L. Gutraan, a native of Aus-
. tria, * aged 77 years 11 months and 9 days. . ;
lE?"Friends and acquaintances are ' respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day -
, (Wednesday), at 10 o'clock, from his late
residence, 2222 Jackson street. - Interment
Home of Peace Cemetery, by 11:30 o'clock
train from Third and Townsend streets depot.
HOLM— In this city. November 4, 1901, Lor-
raine,, dearly beloved daughter of Thomas N.
and Julia A. Holm, sister of Dion and Hazel
Holm, and ' granddaughter of Thomas -R.
Holm and the late M. J. Crowley, a native
of San Francisco, aged 7 years 4 months and
27 days. ¦ ¦-. ¦¦ .-¦-.. ¦¦' ¦':.'"' ' .
¦:¦ CTThe funeral will take place to-day
: (Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence
of the parents, 1218 Haight street. Interment
private In Holy Cross Cemetery.
LEE— ¦ San Bernardino, October '. 31. 1901,
Willie O. Lee. - - . .
McAFEE— In Paris, November 5, 1901, Mrs.
Carroll McAfee, wife of Carroll McAfee of
San Francisco, and. daughter of J. B. Hag-
gin of New York. .
MCLAUGHLIN— In this city, November 3, 1901,
Hannah, beloved wife of the late Peter Me-
Laughlln. and mother of Frank. • Charles,
Matthew and William McLaughlln and Mrs.
i E. C. Ticknor, a native of County Cork, Ire-
. land, aged 63 years 6 - months and 2 days.
1 CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 9 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 7 Boyce street, thence to Holy Cross
Church, Eddy street, between Scott and De-
: vinadero. where a requiem high mass will be
' celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
mencing at 9:30 o'clock. - Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery. y .. .- ¦ ¦ • .
MARSHALL— In Berkeley, November 4,' 1901,
Archibald Jr., only and beloved son of Archi-
bald and Ceclla Marshall, aged 1 year and 5
¦ months. ¦ ' ¦
JC7"lnterment private. Please omit flowers.
Funeral takes place to-day (Wednesday),
from the residence of his parents, 3044 Tele-
graph avenue, Berkeley, near Ashby station
MARTIN— this city, November 5, 1901, at
his home, 1613 Green ¦¦ street, . P. J. Martin,
beloved husband .of Margaret A. Martin, a
native of Ennlscorthy, Ireland, aged 65 years
and 8 months. . . ' •
. I |E7The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Thursday), at 9:30 o'clock, from St. Brigid's
Church, corner Van Ness avenue and Broad-
: way. Friends and acquaintances are invited
to attend. Interment private. .. ..."
MESSER— In this city. November 3, 1901, Marie
Glffln, daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Nat T.
Messer. ¦ . .
(CyFrlends are Invited to attend the fu-
neral services at , Trinity Church to-morrow
. (Thursday), -at 2 o'clock. ; •
MOONEY— In this city, November 4, 1901, Dan-
iel J. Mooney. beloved, father of John, Jo-
seph, Sadie and Daniel Mooney. a native of
Ireland, agod 69 years, and 5 ' months. ' -
lET Friends are resnectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral ; to-day (Wednesday), at
8:30 o'clock, from the parlors of Carew &
English, 29 Van - Ness : avenue, thence to St.
Joseph's Church, where a requiem high mass
. will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery. •• - . ;¦ . . .-, • ¦ . .
MORRISON-November 5, 1901. Edward H.
Morrison, son of J. T. and Dora Morrison,
and grandson of Captain J. B. and the late
Martha Morrison. - -
MULGREW— In Healdsburg, November 3.' 1901,
Susan. : relict of the late Felix Mulerew. a
native- of County Tyrone, Ireland, aged 73
years. : . -.-.,.. ¦ ¦..•'' • ' ¦ .
MUSANTE— In this city. November 4. 1901,
Frank, beloved , son of Victoria and Peter
. Musante, brother of August, Attillo S-, An-
drew, Aurello. Adolph, Katie and 1 : Linda
Musante, and grandson of Mr. and Mrs. Au-
gust Musante Sr. , and Katherlne and Dr.
: Andrew Cuneo, a - native of San Francisco,
' aged 2 years 2 months and 11 days.  t)
O'DONNELL— In "this city, November 4, 1901,
Joseph Lawrence, beloved son of Hush and
Catherine O'Donnell, and brother of Bernard,
George, May, Annie, Katie and Hugh O'Don-
nell, a native of San Francisco, aged 16
years 1 month and 25 days. .' " ¦ ;• '
Friends . and ¦ acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the parlors
\o[ McFadden, Mcßrearty & Green, 1171 Mis-
sion street, thence to St. Joseph's Church,
where a requiem mass will be celebrated for
the repese of his soul at 9 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
OLSON— In this city, November 3, 1901, An-
. drew Olson, a native of Denmark, axed 64
years. - ': ¦ •
, IC^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
.(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 128 Ettie street. North Oakland. In-
terment Mountain View Cemetery \ Oakland.
PORTER— In this city. November 2,. 1901, Her-
bert Castles Porter, beloved husband of Pau-
line Porter, and only beloved son of Margaret
C. and the late William H. Porter, a native
of San Francisco, aged 30 years 9 - months
and 11 days. .¦-... . .
CTFrienda and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
¦ (Wednesday).^ at 2 o'clock, from the Masonic
Temple. Funeral under the auspices of Cali-
fornia Coirmiandery No. 1. K. T. Interment
Laurel Hill Cemetery. .
SCHNITZLER— In the City and County Hos-
pital, November. 5, 1901. Henry Schnltzler. a
native of Germany, aged 61 years.
SULLIVAN— In the City and County Hospital.
November 6, 1901. Mary Sullivan, a native of
Ireland, aced 67 years. ..' '
TAYLOR— the.' City and County Hospital.
November 6. 1901. Joseph Taylor, a native of
England, aged &9 years. • ¦' '•
WELCH— In Oakland, at 1279 Eleventh avenue;
November 5, 1901, Eliza, wife of A. G. Welch,
and mother of Charles J. and Miss E. 1 D.
Welch, a native of New York, aged 71 years
10 months and 27 days. . , , \ ¦ , .- • . ;
WILBIRT— In this city, November .5, 1901,
Adeline A. Wllbtrt, dearly beloved wife of
the late Dr. • J. L. Wllblrt. and* beloved
. mother, of Edgar Wilbirt, Mrs. Theo. Wicks
and Mrs. John H. Muenz and the late John
. and Daniel Wilbirt, . a native of New York,
aged 68 years 2 months and 18 days.. (New
"York papers please copy.) ¦ ¦ - '- ¦ "
(ETRemalns at , the funeral parlors -of • the
• Gantner & Guntz Undertaking Company, 1209
Mission street, : between Eighth and Ninth.
THE semi-annual mass of St. Joseph's Union
for the deceased members and deceased
friends of the. living members will be cele-
brated in St. Mary's Cathedral to-morrow
"'-(Thursday), at 10 o'clock. The Rev. Father
McGough of St. Francis Church will deliver
. the sermon. ' • : ¦;-.•- -. •
- OCEAN TRAVEL.
AMERICAN LINE.
Off TORS. SOUTHAMPTON. LOMDOM. PARIS .
• • : . • Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Wednesdays at 10 a. m.
Philadelphia ....Nov. 131 Philadelphia ....Dec. * 4
St. Paul ....... Nov. 20 St. Pau1.. ....... Dec. 11
Haverford ......Nov. 27 |St. L0ui5... ......Dec. 18
RED STAR LINE.
. Now York and Antwerp. , .
I From t New i York Wednesdays jat 12 . noon.
Southwark .....Nov. 13 'Zeeland ...l..;.Dec 4
•Vaderland j..... N0v. 20 Friesland Dec. 11
Haverfopd .\....N0v. 27 Southwark ......Dec. 18
•Stopping at Cherbourg, eastbound. i
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO.,
' - . , CHAS. D. TAYLOR.
General Agent Pacific Coast, 30 Montgomery st.
Aa aaanfjV <t ft CAC A HAWAII > BAMOA < MEW
S. S. VENTURA, for Honolulu, Samoa. Auck-
land and Sydney... Thursday, Nov. 14, 10 a. m.'
S. S. ALAMEDA, for H0n01u1u... .;.-...-.;-..^ -
.'.....¦...¦.. ..r.... Saturday, Nov. 23, 2 p. m
5. S. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti.......:....... •
. .......................'.....•....N0v. 29, 10 a..m.
J. D.SPHECXELS & BROS. CO., Onerai Agents. 327 Hariri St
Qmi'l Passengir Office, 643 Market St., Pier No. 7. Pacific St
PANAMA R. R. S S ?
TO NEW YORK VIA PANAMA DIRECT,
i.;J Cabin, $105; Steerage, $40; Meals Free.
6. B.* Argyll sails Saturday, Dec. 7
5. S. Lee lanaw" sails • ... ' ,"
6.' 6. Argyll sails • . . - :
From Howard-street wharf . (Pier 10.) at 2 p. m
Freight and Passenger Office. 330 Market st.
;\ : -¦ F. :F. CONNOR, : Pacific ; Coast ; Agent. I
COMPAGNIE GENERALS TEANBATLANTIQU2
DIRECT- LINE TO HAVRB-l-ARIS. , •
galling every Thursday instead of jJttWt^
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from pier 42. i^HM
North River, foot of Morton j street. .' •;¦ -•''¦
1 First class to Havre, I $70 and upward. Second
class to -¦ Havre, $45 * and upward. GENERAL
AGENCY FOR ' UNITED STATES and CAN-
ADA, . 32 ' Broadway (Hudson > building), ' Mew
¦ York. ¦ J. F. : FUGAZI & i CO., i Pacific Coast
Agents, 6 Montgomery - avenue, | San I Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents. -
v... ........ . , .. _ . ADVERTISEMENTS. .
I I l-Mil in..**.M..M..M"M"M»I"I M'H'HH
I V " '¦ THE . I
! SAN FRANCISCO BLUE BOOK j
T The fashionable Private Address Di- ••
• rectory, now being compiled for the ;-.
:• Season 190M902. ••
• » * • • •
> t > . ' :-" -;™ ** ." "^ ' * ¦ '.'.
• ; This year's edition will embrace In departments San Francisco. Oakland. Ala- ' •
• v meda ¦ Berkeley, ' San Rafael Sausall to, Sacramento, Stockton. San Jose, San Mateo. ••
• .N BuiHtngame - Palo Alto. Los Angeles, San Diego. Army and Navy, Personnel of th« ••
• • Press, Theater Diagrams. San Francisco Calling List by Streets; Membership, with ••
. . addresses of all the clubs; Winter Guests at the -Leading Hotels, San Francisco Street ••
•T and Avenue Guide, Street Car Routes, Shopping Guide, etc.. etc. The Alphabetical . .
" List will contain the names, addresses, reception days, private telephones and coun- ..
* try residences of the most prominent families. The compilation, printing, binding.
'* paper and art work will be the very best in quality, workmanship and careful T
• scrutiny. The large advance subscription list already secured attests the growing **
• popularity of this publication, and in this connection we have the highest Indorse- *j*
4* ;; menfof the most prominent business houses by their patronage in advertisements. V
J.-!; Address all changes In address, etc., to • . -• ••
'.'. ' Telephone West 839. ; ;
$ CHARLES G. HOAG, ::
"? Editor and Publisher, ''.'.
| T 225 Post St. . . # San Francisco. ::
• ¦i-H-H-H-! 11- 1 III! 11411 I I l.M..H,I»I»I"r»I»>M"I"M-r"I^-M"M-^-!"!"M-»
_ _ OPEAIT TBAVEL. . _
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
Steamers leave ¦ Broadway
tt^^ Wharf, San Francisco:
SRjShaw For Alaskan ports— ll a. m.,
"H^^sa^ Nov. 2. 7, 12, 17, 22, 27, Dec. 2.
Vurfl| Change to company's steamers
I AWnl at For a victorla. Vancouver (R
IHlk^C^Bl For Victoria, Vancouver <R
P^^^KSs^sVH C.) Port Townsend. Seattle.
of Tacoma. Everett and New
Whatcom (Wash.) — 11 a, .m.,
Nov I 7 12 17 22. " 27, Dec. 2. Change at
Seattle for this company's steamers for Alaska
fnd"o. ¦£ Ry: at Seattle or Tacoma for N.
¦p xtv • o» Vancouver to C f. x^y.
P FVrEureka ?Hurnboldt Bay)-l:30 p. m.. Nov.
'•fV 3^ Dlelo". ?t ce o C pptn X only at San£ Bar-
bara. Port Los Angeles and *$£& £V£.
geles)-Steamer Santa Rosa. Sundays. 9 a. m.
Ktcamer State of Cal.. Wednesdays, 9 a. m.
Bt F^Los Anleles. calling at Santa Cm Men
terey. San Simeon. Cayucos, Port Harford (San
Luis Oblspo)/ Gaviota. Santa Barbara, Ven-
tura, Hueneme. East San Pedro, San Pedro
and Newport-Steamer Corona. Saturdays.
9 For^Ensenada. Ma^dalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mex.)-lO a. m.. 7th each month.
For further information obtain the company a
"The" company reserves the right to change
steamers, sailing ; days and hours of sailing.
without previous notice.
TICKET OFFICE —4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel). • '¦ ¦ . ¦ ¦¦
GOODALL. PERKINS * CO.. Gen. Agents,
10 Market st.. San Francisco.
O. R. & N. CO.
/ Only Steamship Zilneto •,
PORTLAND, Or.,
And Short Rail Line from Portland to all
points East Through tickets to all
points, all rail or steamship and rail, at
liOWEST RATES.
STEAMER TICKET 3 INCLUDE BERTH and HSALS. :
S. COLUMBIA Sails.. Nov. 14, 24. Dec. 4, 14, 21
S GEO. W. ELDER
' Sails Nov. 9, 19, 29. Dec. 9
Steamer sails from foot of Spear St., 11 a. m.
D. W.HITCHCOCK. Gen. Agt, 1 Montgm'y, S. F.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m.
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on
day of saillncc.
S. HONGKONG MARU
. . ......". ..Saturday, November 18, 1901
S. NIPPON MARU ..« —
-...;..-. ..Wednesday, December 11, 1901
S AMERICA MARU...... -
•~ .-..': Saturday. January 4, 1901
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company.a office,
421 Market street, corner First.. ;.! •¦
W. H. AVERT. 3 General Agent.
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION CO,
And Cia Sud Americana de Vapores
To Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican. Central
and South American ports. Sailing from How-
ard 3. Pier 10, 12. m.
PERU Nov. 141 COLOMBIA ....Dec. 7
PALEN A .....*. Nov. 231 TUCAPEL Dec. 21
These steamers are built expressly for Cen-
tral and South- American passenger service.
(No change at Acapulco or Panama.) Freight
and passenger office. 316 California street.
BALFOUR. GUTHRIE & CO.. Gen. Agents. -
BAY AND RIVEB STEAMERS.
FOR U. S. NAVY YARD AND YALLEJ3
Steamers GEN. FRISBIE or MONTICELLO
9:45 a. m.. 3:15 and 8:30 p. m.. except Sun-
day.:- Sunday, 9:45 a. m., 8:30 p. m. Leaves
Vallejo -7 -a. m.. 12:30 noon, 8 p. m.. except
Sunday. Sunday. 7 a m., 4:15 p. m. Far* 60
cents) Telephone Main 1508. Landing and
office, pier 2. Mission-st. - dock. HATCH
BROS. ¦¦'.-.- ¦ -
; RAILWAY TRAVEL.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTS* H. Ok
ZjESSMB
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY. .
Tlbul*on Ferry. Ft* «* a«rlm fe
San Francisco to an Rafael.
WEEK DATS— 7:3O, 9:00, 11:00 a. m. 11:33.
3:30, 5:10. 6:30 p. m. Thursdays — Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:50
and 11:30 p. m. . < ~:
SUNDAYS— B:OO, 9:30, 11:00 a, m.; 1:30. J:3O,
6:00. 6:20 p. m. ¦ ••• - • -
San Rafael to San Francisco. -
WEEK DAYS— 7:50. 9:20, 11:10 a. m.; 12:45,
3:40, 5:15 p. m. Saturdays — trips at Ul
and 6:35 p. m. i. ¦ - -
SUNDAYS— B:IO. 9:40, 11:10 a. m.; 1:40. 3:40.
5:05. 6:25 p. m. -.'¦¦¦
! Leave I In Effect I • Arrive
Ban Francisco. | April 23, 1301. | San Francisco.
Week I Sun- I > ~~ ... I Sun- I Week
Days. 1 days. [ Destination.! "days. |. Days.
7:30 am 8:00 am Novato, 10:40 am 8:40 am
3:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma, 6:05 pm 10:25 am
5:10 pm 6:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
I . '¦¦••' Fulton, ¦
7:30 an? Windsor, 10:25 am
5:00 pm Healdsburg, 10:40 am
¦"- • ¦ - Lytton, • :
¦•.>, ¦ ' . Geyserviile. •
3:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:35 pm S:2O pm
7:30 am 5:00 pm i Hopland 10:40 am 10:25 am
8:30 pm 8:00 am and Uklah.' 7:35 pm 8:20 pm
7:30 am 10:40 am 10:25 am
. M 8:00 am Guernevllle. 7:35 pm
3:30 pm s:oopm ¦, ¦ 6:20 pm
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma 9:15 am 8:49 am
¦?¦? ¦ '- ' and -
6:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. 6:05 pm 6:10 pm
7:30 am 8:00 ami ¦'' ¦ 110:40 am|lo:2s am
3:30 pm 5:00 pm| Sebastopol. I 7:35 pm| 6:20 pm
' Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Fulton j
for Altruria; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at !
Geyserville for Skaggs Springs; at Cloverdalo '
for the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan
Springs. Highland Springs, Kelseyville, Carls- '
bad Springs. Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett |
Springs; at Uklah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
Springs, Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Springs, Upper Lake, Porno, Potter Valley. j
John Day's, Riverside, Llerley's, Bucknell's,
Sanhedrin Heights, Hullville. * Orr's Hot
Springs. . Mendoctno City. Fort Bragg. West- |
port. Usal. Wlllits. Laytonville. Cummins.
Bell's Springs, Harris. Olsens, Dyer, ¦ Scotia
and Eureka. ¦ -. - • -¦• - . ¦
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced ¦= rates. . . . • *
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points
beyond • San • Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office. ¦ 650 ' Market ¦ street. - Chronic!*
building. ¦">'¦ - ¦ -
H. C. WHITING. ¦ R. X. RTAN.
. . - Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Act.
TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
™* • Leave •• -. Via Sausalito Ferry ' Arrive
"¦.- San Fran. Foot of Market St. San Fran.
'Week Sun- tW4:1 8,.«. . w- . Sun- Week. ]
.Pay 5 - da > s - *+t ., *. ~r.».JIrW foy 8 - Pay*
9-30 A. 8:00 a. _v - nmnta. Inns M T*> 1-00 *• 0:45 A.
1:45 p. 10:00 a. 4 tk. dt, »tws 3:o ° *• 3:io '•
4d5 p. USOa: 7 4:25 p. 5*5 p.
|l:15p. "- Wtdl>v " mlT - |5:55 p.
-¦,- •' Fare, Su to Summit Imn. 51. 90.
»*« offlcw, «n makut stairr ud sacsalito naaz. .
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC.
Train* l«».««. Mini mm «•«» t» nrrlf* »•
MAN rit A *«• l*<«».
. (Main Line. Foot of Market Street.) :
lsatb — From Novbmbb* 4. 1901.' — AKitrf*
7:00 a. Benieia, Sutauu, Elmin and Sacra-
mento. ft:3.l»
~:OOa VacaTille, Winters. Ramsey 7:53?
¦ ¦S.-3OA Martinez, Ramon. Vallejo. Nap», .
C»liBEt)g*»ndSant» ltou S:S3p
B:<X»A D»tU, Woodland, Knlgats Lauding,
. Marjstille. <>ro?ille 7.3-ir
SiOOa Atlantic press— Ogden and Kaat M:*3a
M:O«>a Niles, Lathrop. Stockton ":*•¦> r
»:«Oa Nlles. Mendot*. Hanford, Visalio, •
PoitenUle 4:53?
- •:SVa Shasta Express— Davis, Williams (for . '•>'..-¦ ¦
. Bartlett Springs). Willows. Bad - ' ' '
. . Blu«. Portland... 7x*3f
. SiS9a Ban Joss, Litermore, Stockton, ' '
lone, Sacramento. FHcertUla,
• ¦ ¦ MarysTllls. Chlen, lteil UluS 4iUp
¦iSOa Oakdalt. Chinese, Sonora. Carters... 4:S3p
#:oO* Hajward, NiltsanU Wa; Stations.. ¦ > I>33a
•«•• A. Vallejo l*:*3r
8:0« a Los Aoselea Express — Marlines.
Tracy, Lathrop. Stockton. Maraud •
Freauo and Los Angolan .......... 7:Mr
9:8OA ValH<>. Martinez an<t War Stations ?:*«r
I OiVWA The Overland limited— Ogden. L'en
Ter, Omaha, Chicago «• I<t9p
tsOOpSacram«nt«vlUferBiei«iiiera...; fH:tt«p
S.-Sttp Hajward, NUn and War Stations. . 7:33p
4iOUr Ueuioia, Winters. Sacramento.
Woodland. Knights Landing. /
M«ry»»IIIe,-Oratlll8 I •: 33 a
Martinez, Ran Itamoii. Vallejo,
Nap*. < '•linK'Ka, S*i>ta Itoaa, »'Mi
4.oorNtles, LiTermore, Stockton, Lodi. . . •» -*3p
4itl<ip Hajnvaril, Miles, ban Jose, LlTtnnor* »H:ssa
4i3op Port Cc» a. Tracy. Lathrop, Stockton I«:S3a
3:OOp The Ow4 Limited— fresuo, Tulara,
Bakenfluld. Baugus for Santa liar-
¦ bara, Los Anxeles . S:33a
S:OOp Martinez. Aatioch, Stockton, Mar-
oed. Fresno I»i8»»
3:30p New Orleans E»pi— s Mendota,
Fresno, Bakersnald. Los Angeles,
Demioc, El fano, New Orleans
and Sast 7tMA
6t*«p Ha/ ward, Nlles and San Joss.: 7>S3a
4S:O«r Valleju 11.«3\
•:lor Oriental Mail— Ogilen, Cheyenne.
Omaha, Cbioogo »i»Ba
- *:OOp Oriental .Mail— Ogden, Denver.
St. Louis. Chloaco 4:33r
- 7iO»r Oregon aud California Kipreaa.Hae-
riuiientn. jllarjJirillo, lte<Mliig,
- I'ortUiKt, l'ugot Hound ami Kast S:33a
¦i«3pSsr Pablo, Port Costa, Martinez
and Way dtatious l».-»5*
t8:0.1p Vallejo 7:3»p
COAST LINE (SmrroTf «a««e).
(Foot of Market Street.)
S>I»A Newark, C«ntortllle,HanJos»,Fi«lton,
Bould«rCrrek, Santa Otuxand Way
Stations ..;.... 8i»«P
tSiISp Newark, Can tervlll*. Sail Jose, New
Ahnaif«D. Felton. ItoiiMsr Creek.
Santa Crux and l'tiiiolpal War * '
Stations I»|I»«A
4t1.1p Newark, Han Jem. Lou Gatoa fS;3« v
•.3«p Hunters' Train— Jose and Way
• Stations ;7.»ap
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY. .
Inn SIS riiHCISCO— Foov of larkit Street (Slip 3)-
fi:ls 9:00 11:00 A.M. 1:03 :JO J:IS»H.
fr.mOHUn— fitl.fgrudw.j.— l«:oo +3:00 t3:05
10 00 A.M. 13:00 3.00 1:03 r.M.
y COAST LINE (Broa.l (lu>«).
' (Third and Townseml ata.)
I 4»a San Jose and Way station*. sjj.t«»
7:00 a Han Jove ami Way Stations llMl
/7.004 New Almaiimi /4:l«r
ViOOa Hau .Jose, Tie* Finos. Hunt* Crux,
' " - Pacific drove, Salinas. San Lais
' * Oblspo. Santa Barbara, ami Prin-
cipal intermediate HUt1un5........ 7.-I3 »
10::iOa San Jose aud Way Stations. 4il«p
I liSUa Matt Jose anil Way Stations 3t3«p
t«:ISr San Mateo, Redwood. Menlo Park. . ¦.¦¦
Palo Alto. Santa Clara. San .lose,
TresPinot, Santa Cm*. Salinas.
Monterey ami PaclQo Gr0ve...... fin.-*:**
. Si3Or "an Jose and Way Stations. •:»•*
. t4:l»p San Joseaml Principal Way Stations 0:41 a
t^iOOr San Jose, Los Gatos and Principal
Way Stations r..... t*>**4
5:30r San Joan ami Principal Way .Stations S:S«A
iiittp Redwood, San Jose. Gilmy. Salinas,
Santa Barbara, Lou Angeles 10>03a
C:3»rSan Jose aud War Stations t*-""*
«11:43p 3an .lose am! War Stations g;3op
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
t Sunday ezceptad. t Sunday only. - '-'
a Saturday only.. / Tuesdays and Fridays.
Santa Fe Trains
Leave Market-street Ferry Depot.
Local Llm'd Ovrl'd Local
; Daily • J Dally Dally
Lv. San Fran 7:20 a 9:00 a I 8:00 p 4:20 a
Ar. Stockton. 10:lS a 11:43 a 11:10 p 7:18 p
" Merced... 12:23 p 1:17 p 1:13 a 1:11 p
" Fresno.... 2:05 p 2:35 p 3:05 a .10:50 p
" Hanford.. 3:12 p 3:27 p 7:06 a
• Visalla.... S:4op 4:48 a
•' Bakraftld. 6:15 p 5:20 p 7:30 a
" Kan. City ........ 2:40 a 7:30 a
" Chicago | 2:15 p 1 9:00 p
a for morning, p for afternoon.
•9 a. m. train is the California Limited,
leaving Monday and Thursday only, car-
rying Palace Sleeping Cars and Dining
Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car runs
to Bakersfield for accommodation of local
first-class passengers. No second-class tick-
ets are honored on this tram. Correspond-
ing train arrives at 5:55 p. m. Tuesday and
Friday. -
4:20 p. m. Is Stockton, Merced and Fresno
. local. Corresponding train arrives at 12:30
p. m. daily.
8:1-0 D. m. is the Overland Express with
through Palace and . Tourist Sleepers and
Free Reclining Chair Cars to Chicago; also
Palace Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno.
Corresponding train arrives at 5:55 p. m.
daily.
7:20 a- na. Is Bakersfleld Local, stopping
at all points in San Joaquin Vall«y. Corre-
sponding train arrives at 8:40 a. m. daily.
Offices— «4l Market street and in Ferry
Depot. San Francisco; 1113 Broadway. Oak.
land. « • .; .-,'.'¦
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAa
Via Sausallt* F«rry.
Commencing September 2t, 1901.
FROM aAN FRANCISCO .TO MILL VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DATS— «:SS, »:30, "9:30. 11:00 a, m..
•1:45 3:15. 4:15. 5:13. '6:15. 6:45 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and Saa
Rafael on Mondays. Wednesdays and Satur-
days at 9:30 and 11:40 p. m.
SUNDAYS— •B:OO. , *10:00, »ll:30 a. m.. *1:13.
3:15, *4:45, 6:30. 9:30 p. m.
Trains marked (*) run to San Quentin.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— «:27. 7:45. 8:35. 18:14
a m.. »12:25. 2:15, •3:35. 4:40. 5:30 p. m. -'
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:45 and 9:55 p. m.
SUNDAYS— «:IS, »8:00. 10:00. »U:4a a. m..
•1:40 »3:15. 4:45, »«:30 p. m.
Trains marked (*) start from San Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO
! WEEK DAYS— 8:45. 7:55. 8:55. 10:30 a. m..
i 12:35. 2:45.- 3:50. 5:10 p. m.
- EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays)
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:OS, 10:05 a. m.. 12:05. 2:13. 3:39.
i »;00. •:« p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
• :5S a. m. week days— Cazadero and way sta-
' tlons.
1:45 p. m. Saturdays— Duncan Mills and way
stations. ¦ ¦ ¦ ,
8:00 a. m. Sundays— Duncan Mills and way
stations. t»aW4>*ft*ill I If ii(W'l>* ( i'<rt^ l^rl\U'ml
Legal Holidays boats and trains will ma 00
Sunday time. ,
SDK Gibbon's Dispensary,
M Mk 629 KEARMY ST. Established
fl*f|^^g&i'i 193* for the treatment of Private
JV^^PDis«"i.ies. Lost Manhood. Debility or
(ihea.it> wearlagon body and mind and
9kln Diseases. The Doctorcweawhea
others fall. Try him. Charges low.
•. ¦ ¦rarfifaaraalrr*. Cal!orwrlt%
I Dr. J. r. 4UsMM»i(. Man Francisco. CsX ¦
1314
ADVERTISEMENTS. '¦".'- '.¦ .•".'...-.....;..
ROYAL
BAKIN6 POWDER.
•
Imparts that peculiar liglftness,
sweetness and flavor noticed in the ¦
finest cake, biscuit, rolls, crusts, ; :
etc., which expert pastry cooks ¦
declare is unobtainable by the use ::
of any other leavening agent. : ;
Made from Pore, Grape Cream of Tartar.
ROYAL BAKING POWDER CO. : 100 WILLIAM ST., NEW YORK.
OPERA SEASON
CLOSE AT HAND
First Note of Welcome
Sounded by \ Walter
Damrosch.
The welcome first note of the Grau
grajid opera season was struck yesterday
afternoon at the California. Theater in
the lecture on "Parsifal" given by Waiter
Da.mrosch. A large and fashionable audi
ence greeted the favorite Wagnerian con
ductor, who seems to possess all his old
charm and power. "Parsifal, " last of the
Wagnerian operas to leave the strong
hold at Bayreuth. the lecturer ranks as
the crowning glory of Wagner's life
work. Written in the fullness of the great'
ma-ster"* power, it possesses in the high
est degree every distinctive quality of the
genius of the composer. The theme of
"Parsifal," the redemption of the world
from sin through love and pity, was
brought out in a clear and forceful fash
ion by the lecturer. He told the story of
tbe sin «f Amfortas, knight of the Holy
Grail, fallen from his high place as its
chief minister through the temptation of
the senses. Then Parsifal, the divine fool,
through whose purity and pity Amfortas
and the world itself is redeemed, was
clearly and sympathetically pictured.
Then Kundry. half god, half devil, with
her wild witch theme, was picturesquely
described by Damrosch in word and
music; witty Klingsor of the slumberous
heavy theme, the ethereal flower maidens,
the wonderful chant of the chapel of the
Holy Grail and the marvelous music of
the forest. Illustrating now by word, now
effectively on the piano, and again croon
ing a theme in a pleasant voice, Mr. Dam
rosch left a cleaY and comprehensive im
pression of the opera on the mind of his
nea/ers, who now only regret that "Par
fil'a!" cannot be among the Grau reper
toire. The next lecture will be on "Die
Meistersinger." that will be given by the
Grau company, and will take place to
morrow afternooaj at 3:15 o'clock.
Ladies' Club.
This may very properly be the designa
tion of the composite observation car
which will be run on "Sunset Limited"
for New Orleans and New York tn-week
ly, commencing December 6. Contempla
tion of the varied scenery from easy
chairs on the roomy rotunda may be al
ternated with letter writing, scanning
books or periodicals from the library or
in receiving- pleasing attention from" the
trained maid constantly in attendance.
This highly attract.ive«feature of "Sunset
Limited' is indicative also of the high
standard of excellence attained by th?
Southern Pacific Company in the equip
ment and service of this model train.
Will Rebuild Shops.
POINT RICHMOND. Nov. 5.-The offi
cials of the Santa Fe system have de
cided to build a temporary shop of wood
to replace the one that was burned on
Friday night. The contract for a brick
structure will be let at once. The new
shop will be four times as large as the
one that was burned and will handle all
of the repair v'nrk for the Valley road.
ArtiFtir Ladies' Tailoring. LESTER. R
Kearry street, upstairs. •
Charles Carroll Arrested.
Charles Carroll, teamster, was arrested
y^ptprday on a charge ff assault with
intent to commit murder. Carrol! took
part in the recent strike and was charged
with attacking Policeman Callahan. He
left town, but returned yesterday to vote.
vmk. I it' I V^^^
One Two
dollar at dollars at
Keller's Keller's
will buy a better Shirt can.be saved b/ paying
than one hundred cents your election ' bet with a
will buy anywhere else in ! Hawes hat. Th;y are
America. This is strong those three-dollar popular
talk; but we make them, hats, in all styles, stiff
We know what goes into and soft, that you have
.them, so cain - guarantee read about in the mig-
what you can get out of azines.
them. Take the neck- Th.*y are five-dollar hats
band. It took years of ex- in style and value and give
periment to get that curve five dollars' worth of satis-
and set right. Now it is facibn.
perfect and you can't make Scores of them are now
it uncomfortable if you try. being worn by the best
And the same is true of dressed men in"this city,
every other detail. and the demin d is steadily
Our six-for-nine-dollars growing,
made-to-order Shirts have We have the sole privi-
never failed to give per- lege 'of supplying San
feet satisfaction. Francisco with them.
1028-1030 MARKET STREET.
ALSO IN OAKLAND.
OWENS ROBBED
IN HIS HOME
Daring Burglar Takes All
His Victim's Ready-
Cash.
L. D. Owens of the firm of Owens &
Varrey was the victim of a daring rob
bery early yesterday morning at his
residence at 3232 Jackson street. The rob
ber secured all the available money that
Owen had in the house. $80, and several
pieces of Owens' wearing apparel.
It was shortly after 5 o'clock when
Owens was aroused from a sound sleep
by having the glistening barrel of a re
volver placed near his face. The man
who held the weapon wore a mask and
told Owens that unless he gave him all
his money and made no outcry he would
shoot him instantly.
Mrs. Owens, who has been sick for
several weeks, was sleeping in the next
room, ajid Owens, being afraid that a
phock to her might terminate seriously,
gave the robber all the money he had
and told him to leave the house as quiet
ly as he had come.
Mr. Owens' daughter, who was sleeping
in the next room, heard the whole con
versation, but kept her presence of mind
and made no outcry. It was fortunate
for the robber that Owens had not an
available weapon handy at the time. He
is credited with being one of the best
pistol-shots on the coast, and no doubt
if he had had a pistol handy he would
r.ot have given up his money so easily.
SIXTEEN- YEAR-OLD BOY
KILLED BY A BASEBALL
Joseph O'Donnell Accidentally Struck
on the Forehead and Knocked
Senseless in a Game.
A baseball flying with great velocity
struck 16-year-old Joseph O'Donnell on
the head during the progres of an im
promptu game in the park, at Eighth and
Harrison streets, last Monday afternoon,
and caused the boy's death Bhortly after
midnight.
Three of O'Donnell's boy friends, named
McFadden, Mcßarry and Green, were ar
the home plate, and one of them, whoss
identity has not been disclosed, batted
the fatal ball. O'Donnell was standing
with his face to the sun, and could not
see the ball coming. He was struck In tlv?
middle of the forehead and knocked
senseless. He was removed to his par
ents' residence, at 476V^ Eighth street, but
in spite of medical attendance, never re
covered consciousness.
Dr. Luigi D. Bacigalupi, autopsy sur
geon for the Coroner, found that deatn
had been caused by hemorrhage of a rup
tured blood vessel in the brain.
The Man Who Writes
For glory and the man who writes for
pay will find our line of stationery com
plete and prices low. Fountain Pens,
Kohinoor Pencils, Legal Blanks, Blank
Books. Typewriters' Materials, Diaries,
Daily Journals. Printing, Visiting Cards.
Invitations, etc. Sanborn, Vail & Co., 74i
Market street. •
SAILOR DIES SUDDENLY.— PoIice Patrol
man McGonan found the dead body of a man
on the sidewalk st the intersection of Pacific
| and Battery streets at 6:40 yesterday morning.
1 The body wae taken to the morgue, wtere it
j was afterward Identified as that of Henry
! Torte, a sailor. Death was due to heart dis-
I ease.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, NOVE.UMR 6, 1901.
LARGEST FOUR-MASTED SCHOONER
EVER SEEN HERE COMES INTO PORT
The Alpina Carries an Enormous Lumber Cargo, and Her
Managing Owner Says She Is the Finest Vessel of Her
Class Afloat— Whalers Make Port With Only Fair Catch
THE NEW FOUBT-MASTED SCHOONER ALPINA, WHICH MADE PORT SUNDAY WITH THE LARGEST CARGO
OF PILES EVER BROUGHT TO THIS PORT. SHE IS FOR THE LUMBER TRADE AND WILL RUN ON
THE COAST, WITH AN OCCASIONAL VOYAGE TO AUSTRALIA.
THE four-masted schooner Alpina,
now at anchor off Meiggs wharf,
is the largest vessel of her class
that has e\per come to San-Fran
cisco. She is 1000 tons gross bur
den, 206 feet long, 41 feet beam and 16 feet
5 inches deep. She was built by Hall Bros,
at Port Blakeley and brought 1,200,000 feet
of lumber. Captain George Brikholm
commands the new vessel and J. H. Bax
ter is the managing owner. The Alpina
is intended for the coast trade, but may
make a trip to Australia with a lumber
cargo.
Steam Whalers Arrive.
The Narwhal of the Pacific Steam Whal
ing Company's fleet, and the Bowhead,
owned and managed by Captain Cook, ar
rived from the Arctic yesterday. Both
vessels did fairly well, but the Narwhal
in spite of her showing on paper has not
more than made expenses. She left here
in March, 181*9, and wintered off the mouth
of the Mackenzie River. In the season of
1900 Captain Cumisky took his vessel out
and secured five whales. Everybody on
board was joyous, and when the vessel
went into winter quarters there were vis
ions of a twenty-whale catch all around
the forecastle. During the winter, how
ever, their spirits sank, and in the spring
of 1901 the men were not so jubilant. Cup
tain Cumisky stood to the westward,
and while there were plenty of whales in
sight it was impossible to lower a boat.
Storm followed storm, and while the cry
of "there she blows" could be heard at
least twice a day, still the waves were
rolling so high that nothing could be done.
In consequence but two whales were
taken, and Captain Cumisky considers
that his run to the westward from the
Mackenzie River was of no avail.
The Bowhead brought in 21,000 pounds of
whalebone and 300 barrels of oil. Captain
Cook says he had a most uneventful
voyage, and is only too glad to get home.
An open sea and heavy weather made it
impossible- to get any whales to the east
ward, so his spring catch was nil. Never
theless the Bowhead did fairly well.
He Wanted to Die.
B. Nasu, a Japanese, jumped from the
ferry steamer Piedmont yesterday morn
ing. He escaped the paddle wheel, and
after six minutes of battling with the
waves was picked up by the ship's boat
and resuscitated. After the vessel reach
ed San Francisco he was taken to the
Harbor Hospital, where Dr. Yon der Leith
attended to him. Nasu said he had drunk
a quart of gin and two pints of whisky
before jumping overboard. He was tired
of life and had not the courage to com
mit hara-kiri. He is now well on the road
to recovery.
Schooners in Collision.
The schooners S. Danielson and W. F.
Jewett were in collision yesterday. The
Danielson lost her topping lift and the
Jewett lost a little paint.
Water Front Notes.
Edward Anderson, vice president of the
International Sailors' Union of America,
leaves next week for Buffalo, where he
will attend the international convention.
The pilot boat Gracie S went to sea la<st
night. Pilots McCullough, Swanson,
Freeman and "Newt" Jordan kept the
boat within view of the Call building all
night and were able to tell all incoming"
vessels the result of the election.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping' Merchants.
The French bark Louis Pasteur and the
British ship Thornliebank are chartered to load
wheat at Portland for Europe.
The schooner Honolpu and the barkentine Kil
kltat will loa<i lumber at Gamble for Honolulu.
The schooner Alpena will load lumber on
Puget Sound for Melbourne, 46s 3d, chartered
prior to arrival. . *
The French bark Lamorieiere will load wheat
at Portland for Europe, 355, chartered prior to
arrival; the Duguesclln, same, 36s 4V4d, re
chartered.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority at the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-flve minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide Is the same at both places
WEDNESDAY. NOVEMBER 6.
Sun rises 1 6:41
Sun sets 5 :06
Moon rises 1 2:16 a. m.
Time | I Time Time Time
Date 1 Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
L W| HW L W HW
6 .'.. 1:29 1.1 8:14 5.61 2:32 1.4 8:44 4.4
7 ... 2:15 1.4 8:51 6.7| 3:15 0.9 9:43 4.5
8 .. 2:55 1.71 9:28 5.S 3:54 0.51 10:35 4.5
9 .. 3:30 2.0] 10:00 5.8 4:31 0.2| 11:21 4.5
10 .. 4:03 2.3| 10:28 5.8 B:05 0.01
HW LW HW LW
1 .. 0:06 4.5 4:35 2.6 10:53 5.8 5:40 — « 1
12 .. 0:60 4.4 &:08| 2.9 11:20 5.7 6:16—0.2
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
tho early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day, except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are In ad
dition to f. 9 soundings of the United States
Coast Survey Charts, except when a minus (—)( — )
sign precedes the height, and then the number
given is c attracted from the depth given by th*
charts. The plane of reference 1* the mean of
the lower low .waters.
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographtc Ofnce, U. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal.,
November 5, 1901.
The Time Ball on the tower of the Ferry
building was dropped exactly at noon to-day,
1. c., at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at 8
p. m., Greenwich mean time.
W. H. STANDLEY,
Lieutenant, U. S. Navy, in Charge.
Steamer Movements.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. From. Due.
| Mandalay Coquille River Nov. S
! Sequoia Humboldt Nov. fi
South Coast... Humboldt Nov. 6
O. W. Elder... Portland and Astoria.. Nov. «
Pomona Humboldt Nov. 6
San Pedro Humboldt Nov. 6
Santa K0«a.... San Diego & Way Pts. Nov. 7
Point Arena... Point Arena Nov. 7
Newburg Grays Harbor Nov. 7
Algoa China and Japan Nov. 7
Corona San i'cdrc- & Way Pts. Nov. 7
Mat tea wan Tacoma Nov. 7
City of Puebla. Puget Sound Ports Nov. 8
Hongkong Mai China and Japan Nov. 8
North Fork Humboldt Nov. 8
Santa Ana Seattle and Tacoma... Nov. 8
Eureka Humboldt Nov 8
Santa Barbara Humboldt Nov 8
Totmes Hamburg via W. Coast Nov. p
Czarina Seattle and Tacoma.. . I Nov. 9
Victoria Oyster Harbor I Nov. 9
Peru Valparaiso & Way Pts.|Nov. 10
Alliance Portland & Coos Bay.. Nov lo
Hlval Willapa Harbor iNov 10
State of Cal... San Diego A Way Pts.lNov. 10
Pleiades Seattle INov 10
Columbia Portland & Astoria... INov 11
Grace Dollar.. Grays Harbor |Nov 1'
Walla Walla.. Puget Sound Ports I Nov. 13
J. S. Kimball. Seattle and Tacoma. .. |Nov. 14
San Bias Panama * Way Ports. lNov 14
China China and Japan |Nov. 16
TO SAIL.
Steamer. Destination. Pails. Pier.
November 6. '
Rainier.:..... Puj?et Sound Ports. 5 pm Pier 2
J. S. Kimball Seattle & Tacoma. . 10 am Pier •>
State of Cal.. San Diego & Way. 9 am PI r'll
Empire ... Coos Bay ......:... 4pm Pier 13
- '•¦• • November 7.
Sesostris Hamburg & Way ....... S.W V
Gae1ic.:...... China and Japan.. 1 pmIPMSS
Curacao Mexican Ports 10 am Pier 11
Umatllla..... Puget Sound : Ports 11 am Pier 9
- . November 8. ¦
Pomona Humboldt 1:30 p Pier 9
Mandalay. .". . Coqullle River ......;.. Pier- 2
Sequoia Humboldt V.... '...:. 12 m Pier 2-
San Jose Panama & Way... 12 m PMSS '
_¦'¦'.'. November 0." / ' ': ¦¦ . -'. • }
C0r0na....... Newport & Way..'. 9 'am Pier'
Point Arena. Point Arena ...... 2 pm|Pler 1
San Pedro:..' Humboldt ¦......„;: 10 am Pier ' "i
G. W. Elder. Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
¦ "' ¦ "';¦"¦.' ¦' '. November 10. ••": ¦» ¦ . ?'•:*;
Kurekn '.:.;.. Humboldt :."..:.-..; 9 am Plpr 11
Santa Rosa.. San Diego & Way.) 9 am I Pier 11.
¦•'*•• ¦•¦•¦¦' % '.' ."¦ . November 11. I ¦•'.-. ' *./
BantaAna..." Seattle & Tacoma: 5 pm Pier 8'
Czarina. ..:... Seattle*' ? & Tacoma. spm Pier 8
1aqua......;.. Humboldt ...:...... 10 am Pier 2
North Fork.. Humboldt .. ...:.. :v. 12 m Pier 2-
Newburg Grays Harbor 5 pm Pier 2
• •:'••' November 12.' V<« .". • -,f-
City Puebla.. Puget Sound Ports, 11 am Pier ¦ 9;
Sta. 1 Barbara. Humboldt •....'.....-. 10 am Pier 2
' • V*,' - November 13. iv . • .
Rival .-..:... . . Willapa Harbor.... spm Pier • 2
'Alliance. 1 .;.:. Portland •& Coos B. 9 am Pier i 3i 3
,:.-. November 14. ' .'¦.'¦ '
'J™-vJ ™-v # '" Valparaiso & Way 12 m Pier 10
Columbia.... Portland & Astoria 11 am Pier 4
Ventura....:. Sydney & Way Pts. 2 pm Pier 7
FROM SEATTLE.
Steamer. From. Due.
Dolphin Skaguay & Way Ports. Nov.- 6
Farallon'. Bkaßuay & Way Ports. Nov. 7
Bertha Valdez & Krvilak Nov. 10
City of Topeka Skaguay & Way Ports. Nov. 11
City of Seattle Skaguay & Way Ports. Nov 11
Chas. Nelson.. Skaguay & Way Ports. | Nov 15
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Tuesday, November 5.
Stmr Aztec, Trask, 4 days from Nanalmo.
Stmr Errmire. Macsrenn, 51 hours from Coos
Bay.
Stmr Bonlta, Nopander, 24 hours from Port
Hatford.
Stmr Gualala, Genereaux, 12 hours from Point
A renn .
Stmr Coos Bay, Nicholson, 23 hours from San
Simeon.
Stmr National City, Dettmers, 15 hours from
Fort Bragg.
"Whaling stmr Bowhead, Cook, 14 days from
Unalaska.
Nor stmr Horda, Svcndsen, 92 hours from
Lndysmlth.
Schr S Danielson, Islgkelt, 36 hours from
Bowens Landing.
Schr Bpnd^r Bros, Wetzel, 24 hours from
Bowens Landing.
Schr Archie and Kontle, Skipper, 18 hours
from Fisks Mill.
Schr Nettie Sundborg, Larsen, 26 hours from
Point Arena.
CLEARED.
Tuesday, November 5.
Stmr State of California, Thomas, San Diego;
Goodall, Perkins & Co.
Br strr.r Milton, Ralney, St Vincent; Strauss
& Co.
Ger ship Vasco da Gama, Holdt, Queenstown;
L. Kauftman & Co.
Br ship Elllsland, Forrest, Queenstown; Ep
ptnger & Co.
SAILED.
Tuesday, November 5.
Stmr Eureka, Jessen. Eureka.
Stmr Alex Duncan. Smith. Moss Landing.
Stmr Geo Loomis, Brldgett, Ventura.
Stmr Gipsy, Leland. Santa Cruz.
Stmr Asuncion, Evans, Tacoma.
Stmr Crescent City, Payne, Crescent City.
Stmr Robert Dollar, Johnson, Seattle and
Port Hadlock.
Stmr Scotia, Walvlg, . -
Stmr Bonlta, Nopander, Port Harford. *
Bark Kaiulanl, Dabel. Honolulu.
Schr Reporter, Hansen. Fairha\r?n.
SPOKEN.
Get 21— Br bark Neville, from Oregon, for
Queenstown. .' j ' -
,' COLLISION.
hPJL? 1 ? 11 * 5*5 * Wharf. Nov 5. at 6 a m. during
frifmV o*'0 *' S ? hr ' S Dan i e inward bound
from Bowens Landing, collided with «chr W F
i™* v * nchor d - Former had main boom and
damaged carried away W F Jewett slight!/
MISCELLANEOUS. "
HONOLULU, Oct 29-The report of Br bark
.Kinross being ashore here is untrue Vessel
at no time was close enough to the reef to be
in any danger. Vessel arrived jit Kehei Oct 25.
n ;, ', ' TELEGRAPHIC.
- POINT LOBOS, Nov" 5. 10 l p m— Weather
hazy; wind NE, ; velocity 6 miles. weatner
." . .. ' DOMESTIC PORTS. . •
ricler rr eO?e O ?r II o An 7A n7H r r !r ed *° V SglM Lamo
r. PORT LJSS ANGELES-Arrived Nov 5-Stmr
a"p co.e o.n RR t 1V A e ?en a r ° m R^^;. B Unr Alcatr^
Sailed Nov 4— Stmr Whitesboro or -— " •
fro^an^r^"^ NYN V 3tmr Ruth.
Fr S anc c isco NN ° V s Stmr Santa " a - for San
fof^rps^ Nov *- v . s stmr »•».
uaV r ' Ved NN ° V 5-Btmr Farallon. from Ska*
- Sailed Nov s— Stmr Santa Ana, for San Fran
cisco; Br sh!D Matterhorn. for United Kin*
dom- 'Nov 4-Stmr* Puebla.. for San Francis^
ship Spartan, for San Francisco... ¦ rrancl ?=°'
Nome ; ° V Sctlr Seven Sisters, from
¦ NEAH BAY— Passed in Nov s— Schr Robert
£SSro rt f Tfo? < M& : Ger Btmr *--•
Si^ra^r^rii^S^
mantle NN ° V Bark Ben Fairchild. for Fre
f™S '.&£££*»" N -'^tmr^coV
Jr°ikl M n^o- Sailed NoV >l Schr ™.»..
GRAYS HARBOR-Arrived Nov s_Schr
Henry Wilson, from Honolulu: stmr Coronado
from Seattle. _for San Francisco. #
.' ISLAND PORTS. " . ' '
Se"ttie° LULU SailCd ° Ct - Stmr Meteor, tor
, ¦•',/•. EASTERN PORT. '- .
NORFOLK-Saiied Nov 4--Br B tmr Aid/
boroueh, for C010r...- " r m
• \ .; ¦ FOREIGN PORTS.
HONGKONG— ArriVed ° V 3— Stmr Peru
hence Oct 5. ' - » . f, ..::,.
QUEEN STOWN-Arrived Nov 4-Br - shin
Cardiganshire, hence July 12; Br bark Mad a
ga^car. from Oregon, and proceeded to Car-
NAGASAKI-Sailed Nov 3-U S stmr Warren
for Sari Francisco. - 7 "'
NEWCASTLE. Arrived . Nov *-«Shlp
James Neßmith. from Cape Town ?
for^^Sou-n"' 1 ' 16 - * N °V-r ßktn %«&
"- '.'"¦¦ ' OCEAN ; STEAMERS. .
¦~ MOVlLLE— Arrived Nov ' S-Stmr ' Anchoria.
from New York, for Glasgow, and prSceediS'
JENERIFF^-Arrived Nov r P Hermon:
this from Tacoma and .; San Francisco, via
Montevideo and St Vincent, for Hamburjr
; QUEENSTOWN-Arrived Nov 5-Stmr Waes
land. from Philadelphia, for Liverpool
GuS c ! Arrived Nov Stmr Llvonla - from
NEW YORK-Salled Nov 5-Stmr Kalserin
• Maria, from Bremen.; . ¦-«-., , • . -"¦'¦":"."
Arrived Nov s— Stmr Oceanic, from Liverpool
and : Queenstown. • ...... . ... I^ l
VT LIZ 4 R Passed Nov s— Stmr St ¦ Paul, from
New York, for Southampton. -- . v
Pattosien's Sale
Of furniture, carpets and curtains at Six
teenth and Mission streets has filled the
big store with eager purchasers for the
astonishing bargains offered. The success
attending the sale is because the bargain*
offered were, as is usual with this house
just as advertised, and everybody wa<?
pleased. The sale will be continued one
week more. ,
Details for Army Officers.
Captain H. F. Rethers, Third Infantry
has assumed the duties of quartermaster
of the casual camps at the Presidio LJeu
tenant R. P. Brower has been relieved
from the office of Judge advocate of the
general court-martial which is about to
convene at the Presidio, and Lieutenant
c. s. Uabcock has been appointed to fill
the vacancy.
There is one whiskey that always lives up to
its reoutatlon— and that Is Jesse Moore. •
'^^^SS^S^/^ Cheapest and Best Folding Bed on Earth.
" :-.:/: .- ...:-BJEb^LbSED//^^'^"-- ?" ¦ and e * am ' nC^ '" . I
CDC PI A I OH 0/ n 1 hi l II T OR CASH for a . short time on
Ul L I A L /U VrL 9 1 1 M ¦ 1 1 1 INI - our elegant line of BEDROOM
VI Uglnl< ; 4U/O ftJIOUUUiI I SUITS. CHIFFONIERS. SIDE-
. . . . ' -<-•• - ; ¦ ¦ - BO A D and DRESSING
' ... .¦- ." '.''¦' TABLES ¦ ¦
; furSshed ?ompl t etely° PPOrtUnlty ~ mUSt make room for our new goods. ¦ Houses ;
CASH OR OREIDIT.
KRAGEN FURNITURE C 0,1015, 1015^ etst '
, ; ; TELEPHONE SOUTM 3 71.
APVEBTISEMENTS.
SILKS,
VELVETEENS
AND
BLACK GOODS:
We will show this week an elegant aualltuof
23-INCH SATIN FINISH CREPE DE CHINE,
latest material in silk for dresses, in the
following shades j Reseda, Old Rose, Tur- .
auoise, Pink, Pearl Grau, Clel, Beige, Nile,
<White, Cream and Black,
Price $1.00 Yard.
A new shipment of GENUINE ENGLISH VEL-
VETEEN, "Fast Due." This material is 23
inches wide and is in great demand for ladies'
costumes. We have a conmlete range of all
the latest Fall shades.
Price 75c Yard.
Special opening this week of NOVELTY
BLACK FABRICS, in Figured Silk and Wool
Samite Cloth, Figured Black Mousseline Gren-
adines, Silk Striped and Figured Canvas
Cloths, Silk Creps de Paris and Silk Crepe
Armuresj also splendid values in Serges,
Cheviots, Wool Poplins, Prunellas, Broad- <^$
cloths and Venetians. ,
Samples of Above Goods Forwarded to
Any Address.
11, 113. 115. 117. 119. 121 POST STREET.
FRUIT ASSOCIATION IS
LOSES IN TEST SUIT
Supreme Court Holds Grower* Liable
for Only Two Per Cent on
Contracts.
Ihe California Cured Fruit Association
will not in the future be able to control
the raisin and prune product of the State.
This is the result of a decision rendered
by the Supreme Court yesterday.
There has been a bitter controversy be
tween the growers and the directors of
the association as to the liability of the
former in cases where fruit was sold to
firms not in the combination. It was de
termined to test the law and a- suit was
commenced.
N Alnsworth, a fruit grower, who had
a corftract to turn over all his crop to
the association, which was to its
sale and receive 2 per cent of the pro
ceeds sold ten tons of prunes to the
Phoenix Raisin Seeding and Packing Com
pany The Cured Fruit Association de
manded $700 damages, the value of the
The Superior Court decided in favor of
the growers. Appeal was taken to the
Supreme Court, which declared that Ains
worth was liable, according to contract,
for only 2 per cent of the sale price. As
this amounts to only $14. tue case is not
within the jurisdiction of the Superior
Court It is a death blow to the asso
ciation, which will now probably go out
of existence.
CHINESE CASE GOES
TO SUPREME COTJBT
Alleged Native Born Chinese Woman
Resists Her Attempted Deporta
tion to China.
Weoy Ho, a Chinese woman, arrested
recently for being- a subject of the Chines:-
Empire unlawfully in this country, was
released yesterday by the United States
Circuit Court :>f Appeals on filing a bor.d
in the sum of $2500, pending an appeal
to the United States Supreme Court.
The decision of the Supreme Court whl
be waited for with interest by Mongolians
affected by the exclusion act, as it will
fest the legality of the ruling of the Sec
retary of the Treasury to the effect that
the Collector of the Port shall be satisfied
by competent evidence that the Chinese
person before him is entitled to admis
sion and that the Court Commissioner
and the court shall likewise be satisfied
in cases coming before them, in which
the Chinese alien shall have been charged
with being illegally in the country.
In the case of Weoy Ho, the defendant
alleges that she was born in California
and does not, therefore come under the
nrovisions of the exclusion act. The
Court Commissioner decided that the evi
dence did not satisfy him as to the truth
of her assertion, and ordered her to be d«j-
P< Thts is* the delicate question that the
highest tribunal in the land will be calleJ
upon to settle.
The dry weather seems to agree with
roaches. They are almost large enough
to run from.
,-V:, 'Phone Howard 10ZL '~\
19 B^7 A « ¦» Set ff Mol.
10 TAYLOR STREET.
PRICES CUT IPS HALF
\ Nov. 6, 7, 8, 9.
BUTTER rr q reamery : Lar|re .33ic
Good sweet Table Butter "Wednesday.
EGGS— Guaranteed, 3Oc
BEANS !£3.?^.T!£.!5L! 25c
This season
PANCAKE FLOUR— 3 pkgs. 25c
CHAP Corona or Cudahy's Fancy l)C.
OUAr Laundry. 8 bars ....ZOC
Better than Babbitt's.
I Large size, highest quality .
OYSTER GEMS-Pound 10c
WORGESTERSttfRF,h ss a a ir& cc J o >« a . r ;
bottle IZ2C
Best sauce for game. fish, steaks. coM
meats, soup, etc.
BEST CITRON— Pound. He
CLARET 11 . Vineyard : im ;. . G . al : . 38c
Smooth, rich table wine.
ROCK AND RYE- 90c bottle GOo
IFW MHfIRF or ° p s - whisky.
JLOOL MvUriL Quart bottle cj ft j
Popular brands at Faber's price Friday J
BEST MACARONI-5 lbs. 25c
: FLOUR f.P err y'3- Drifted Snow. Golden
I LUUiI Gate, Horace Davis Purity
Arm*. Crown, Porta Costa, or En- 7C«
tire Wheat. 50 Pound sack I DC
SATURDAY night from 6 to 11 p. m
/ WHY PAY 90' c to 11.10?
All orders taken at this sale delivered
"Monday. Extra list specials at store Sat-
urday night.
FROM GENERAL SHAFTER.
v^mJjlJ|£c' Mark*t St., 8 * Fran-
tJSSL MRK P ° ar Sir: The glasses
3S£gg£gJiSsgs?Sp made by you received
rVyG&^^&^iW^. yesterday. I hay» never
=lVl«y^P l "ri£}JKr b * en better fitted than
;gJ^ggStStf«gg<s> with this pair. Very truly
*^^H^^> y WM. R. SHATTER. '..
</'//7 i(\y\\\\\\ itoJor General U. 3. A.
MATERLE'S GLASSES
STRENGTHEN THE EYE and BRAIN. Ger-
man Eyewater. 80c. GEORGE MATERLE,
German Expert Optician. 10714 Market St..
near Seventh. Cut This Out. |_
Dr>TTCIJI7C FOR BARBERS, BAX-
WilUWii*"»' hoi ;, es bilUard table*,
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, cannars,
dyers flourmllls. foundries, laundries, paper-
hangers, printers, painters, shoe factories,
stablemen, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc
BUCHANAN BROS.,
Brush Manufacturers. 609 Sacramento St
.^bi ¦ ¦m m jgb. Rifles, Ammunition. Flsh-
I I ISil C" ln> < Tackle. Sportlns. Out-
11 aril m. m Goods. Largest Stock.
¦m I 1 1 «J\ Lowest Prices. Send for
ILJ &J I 3 \J Catalogue and Job Sheet.
W¦ ¦ V sHBITI a IAUU 00.
739 Market. SH Kearay
\M. : X. HESS,
• NOTARY PUBLIC AITD ATTORWST-AT-LAW.
Tenth Floor. Room 1015, Claus Spreckels Bide.
Telephone Main 9*3.
. Residence, 821 California St.. below Powell.
. Residence Teleohone James 1501.
J=*ILES ?i«rass! f
¦ ¦¦• ¦ ¦ * ' ™" •"».^"», ¦or delay. Names of
SO prominent business men sent as reference.
500 cures 'in 8. F. For ¦ . particulars . addr«3»
PHYSICIAN, box 1960, Call offiet. •""""" .