EPWORTH LEAGUE DELEGATES ARRIVE IN CITY IN BATTALIONS
AND MORE THAN 5000 PEOPLE ENJOY MOST BRILLIANT FEAST
OF SONG AND MUSIC EVER PROVIDED IN SAN FRANCISCO
VOLUME XC— NO. 47.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAN FRANCISCO, WEDNESDAY, JULY; 17, { 1901/
Chairman Charles H. ¦ J.' Truman • of the
Instructions to ReceptiohAids
unnecessary delays, caused doubtless by
the - misinterpretation of orders from
headquarters. The result was great in
convenience to those who were expect
ing friends from the East, and who had
been Informed with posltlveness that
certain trains would arrive at specified
hours. The hours came and went, but the
expected train failed to materialize for
hours after the scheduled time.
The Iowa delegation arrived at the Oak
land Mole at 3 o'clock. On the arrival of
the party on this side of the bay the mem
bers of the reception committee, who
had been on duty since midnight, pro»
vided them with accommodations and
they went on their way. rejoicing. The
party numbered 100 persons. Specials
which arrived last night were met at,
the Oakland Mole and escorted to this
side of the bay by the reception detail
at that point. The • crowds ¦ were well
handled and little confusion was notice
able.
; At midnight nearly 8000 Leaguers had
registered at the Pavilion. Arrangements
have been made to register 6000 more
to-day. The registration force under the
guidance of Chairman Klngrsbury has
been largely increased , for the occasion.
THE Epworth Leaguers are in
our midst, and San Franciscans
are proud to do them honor. Sev
eral thousand arrived yesterday,
but the bulk of the big army,
¦which was expected yesterday,
will not arrive until to-day.
Nevertheless, San Francisco's streets
show the effect of the appearance in the
community of thousands of strangers
wearing badges, white caps and the flut
tering flags and other Epworthian in
signia. That .the Leaguers have taken
possession of the city for a period, the
crowded thoroughfares amply prove.
That they are being taken care of in a
fraternal spirit, a glance at the head
quarters of the general committee will
testify. It is a glad season in which ail
alike testify by their acts to the cordial
spirit of amity and friendship that b'.nds
the visitors from the Kast to their fel
lows of the Pacific Coast.
Contrary to expectations, the half-hour
trains announced on the previous even-
Ing for arrival, failed to appear, yester
day until after nightfall. Only two- spe
cials arrived during the day, bearing per
haps 1000 delegates. That number was
Increased later by the arrival of other
specials which had been detained in tran
sit from five to twenty hours -because of
the crowded state of the roads,' which
rendered rapid travel impossible.
Notwlthstandinsr this fact there were
Continued on Page Two.'
MAIN BODY OF LEAGUERS
STILL ON THE WAY HITHER
About Two Thousand Visitors Register
at Headquarters in the Pavilion, With
Many Night Arrivals to Be Heard From
BRILLIANT SCENE AT LAST NIGHT'S CONCERT, WITH FACES OF SQME OLD AND YOUNG LEAGUERS.
President Keeps Early Hours.
CANTON, Ohio, July 16.-The President
was to have touched a button to-night to
start the .organ in the Epworth ¦ League
Convention at San Francisco, but the
meeting did not open until 8:15- there,
which is 10:15 here. The President did not
care to go to the telegraph'office at that
late hour and he sent a telegram of greet-
RECEPTIONS TO
DELEGATES ARE
ARRANGED FOR
Visiting Leaguers Will Be
Shown the City :
and Reception
Follows.
THE visiting Epworth Leaguers
who were fortunate enough to ar
rive yesterday and get settled will
spend to-flay in sfeht seeing. The
places of interest ¦will undoubted
ly be thronged. There are no meet
ings for the delegates during the day. The
indications at an early hour this morning,
however, promised hard work for all of
the ' committees during the day.
In the evening State receptions will be
held in many of the churches, and at all
of them visitors will take prominent parts.
These . are deemed special preparation
meetings and are often thought to be
among the best of the sessions.
The new home for Chinese girls, under
the supervision of the Women's Foreign
Missionary Society, located at 912 Wash
ington street, will be dedicated at 2 p. m.
Bishop Hamilton, Bishop J. W. Joyce, Dr.
J. M. Buckley and others will participate
in the exercises. The public will be wel
come. r
Continued on Page Twa,
; Continued on Page Two!"
• The Rev.' J. C. Simmons, pastor of the
M.E.' Church South at .Woodland, canie in
yesterday morning. "He is known up and
down .the .^Pacific Coast as "Uncle Jack"
Simmons.', One year ago at the session of
the Pacific \ Conference in > Oakland he
preached ' his semi-centennial t sermon. He
has been actively, engaged In. the' ministry
of the :M. E.^ Church South in California
for fifty, years,. having been but one year
in the' ministry . when he .'came to Caiif or
nia.; He .Is . still' hale and - hearty, . despite
his • advanced , yearsV. and * his. towering
form, crowned with . snoV-white 'hair,
makes \ him - a - conspicuous figure , in any
gathering. ;.-. He _,will t make Lthe! address 'of
welcome at the /opening of the convention
Prominent Merobers of Order
#;< in the^ity—Indian
; J delegates.
long after nightfall. The result was that
many persons who : had gone across the
bay to greet their friends had j their . trip
for.'nqthing.- Those who were endowed
with "a sufficient amount of patience kept
a weary .vigil at the Oakland mole until
the train
MANY NOTABLE
LEAGUERS HERE
LEAGUE SPECIAL TRAINS
MEET WITH MANY DELAYS
Schedule Time-Gards' Utterly • Ignored "by
Railway Officials, the Result. Being Great
Inconvenience to .'Iviany : of the Travelers
THE - failure • of the Southern .Pa
cific' Company ¦; to . land -the Ep-j
worth -special trains according
to schedule, thereby causing
thousands of people who were ex
pecting friends to suffer inconve
nience, has provoked much unfavorable
comment.. In no instance has a train ar
rived according to schedule, /and .many
•were from ten, to thirty hours, late. The
reason for : this wild departure • from
schedule time has thus far been a mys-
tery even to the subordinate railway - of
ficials ' themselves. ' . ;
On Monday evening the railway officials
informed j the , reception committee that
after 3 o'clock' yesterday • morning .trains
¦would arrive every half hour throughout
the. day. In" anticipation of the rush about
thirty members Tof: the .committee re
mained on "duty at. the. ferry and In Oak
land. At 3 o'clock one train, arrived, .but
there was ;no . way of \ getting the.passen
gers across the bay until' 6 o'clock. ; At
that hour'no other ;SDecial had- made its
appearance, and' it was 12:45 o'clock when
No.;3, which, is a regular overland -train 4 ,
hove in sight. /About MOO leaguers ;« from
Kansas, Colorado j and . Wisconsin / were
aboard, j arid i these J were J promptly . cared'
for t by.. the ¦ in \ charge [of] SJS S.*
Finch/ The • next 'r half-hour ; special \ was
then announced '. to^ arrive at' 3:30 'p.' m. '".';'¦
' :,Thls promise,', like; the) others previously
made, was if not ; kept,; for/ the train ex-'
pected at that hour did not- arrive until
THE effect of a concert such as
that given ¦ last night at \ the
Mechanics' Pavilion by the Ep
worth League chorus is not 'of
the' kind that readily , finds
• . speech: -The" Initial- impression
produced by the crowd itself,
audience; and chorus, is of' the - over
whelming sort,^arid ; the later impression
of the ¦ great common . song needs chorus
and organ for its full interpreting.
* It' is' by no means that the concert
lacked matter for criticism, but the full
ness, and 'majesty, of some of . the effects
obtained simply. carried one off one's feet.
The chorus has, been trained into an ex
traordinary obedience to : the baton. Des
pite -Itsr size — there -were 2000 : voices — the
attack was superb, the intonation almost
faultless, and the shading good to a de
gree. ¦ The volume of tone was of course
remarkable, the voices well-balanced," the
quality of tone, particularly. In . the bass
and soprano, exceptionally round and full.
¦;.The choral programme began with "The
Heavens Are Telling," conducted by Rob
ert Husband, and accompanied by.Wil
liam , B. King, to whom special credit
must be-given for his work as accompan
ist of the evening, in spite of Its not In
variable success. Mr. King had ' the all
but Impossible task of keeping Just about
two seconds ahead of the beat, in con
sequence of the organ "speaking" ' two
seconds after striking, and that he was
generally "there," though the occasional
lack .of rhythmic accord between organ
and chorus was the one blot i on ~ the
escutcheon, " is evidence' of rare judgment
and skill.
\ But to .return to the chorus. "The
Heavens Are Telling" went with excellent
swing , and . spirit ; under Mr. Husband's
direction. The . "Gloria" of Mozart, con
ducted by J.. M. Robinson, ' was ' also well
given. \ "Thanks Be to God,", under Isaac
E. .Blake's baton,' went with a fine rush
and^. power. ¦». ¦ - J. J. Morris directed Men
delssohn's "Be Not -Afraid," that was also
rendered exceedingly ¦, well, and the ever
picturesque "Babylon's Wave", was given
with; stirring 'effect under J/W. C. Stadt
f eld's'. dlrectlo'n.^The. choral'part' of the
concert., closed .' with \ the \ \ "Hallelujah
Chorus,", directed by. Robert Husband,
and ' its • splendid - climaxes \ made ' flttins
MIGHTY SOUND OF MUSIC
BURSTS FROM BIG CHORUS
Overwhelming Impression/Produced by
Audience and Legion of. Singers — Extra
ordinary Obedience to Baton Shown
' . By Blanche Partington.
; The principal event of yesterday, which
In fact marked the opening of the week's
exercises, was the grand organ concert
at the Pavilion last evening. _Th» superb
programme, the chorus of mere than 1300
More Than Eight Thousand
People Hear Chorus at
Pavilion.
THOUSANDS FAIL
TO ENTER DOORS
end to the notable entertainment.
During the evening TV. F. Skeele of Los
Angeles gave five organ solos on the new
Stanford organ and was heard with great
pleasure. But neither organ nor organist
was heard to best advantage under the
circumstances and the really fine instru
ment cannot be Judged by Its work last
night. If It were .possible by Saturday
night— when, for the benefit of the thou
sands turned away last evening, the con
cert will be repeated— the console could
be placed nearer the organ Itself, why. It
would benefit - Instrument, organist,
builder and audience alike. Mr. Skeele's
good numbers were the following:
Grand Chcxsur In I> Guilmant
(a) Barcarolle j_ 9 Mara
(b) Grand fantasia. "The Storm". ...Lemmens
(a) Variations on a Scotch air Buck
(b) Toccato from Fifth Organ Symphony
•••'• • ; ...Wldor
Another feature of unusual Interest was
the cornet playing of the Park sisters, a
quartet of clever girls, who handle the
brass like veterans and produce most
pleasing results therefrom. They played
a "Faust" arrangement, and, persistently
encored, a transcription of "Annie
Laurie." A quartet by the Juanlta Club
of Chicago also added to the pleasure of
the evening.
But to those who did not hear last
night's concert. I would say. "Go on Sat
urday night," though It Is true you will
most likely have the ill-fortune to strug
gle for a place with those who were
there last evening. But It's a big thing,
a worth-while thing and you're likely to
love your neighbor better for going.
The San Francisco CallSAN JOSE GIRL, WHOM LOVE-CRAZED CHARLES J. JOHNSON OF RED
WOOD CITY TTVICE WOUNDED IN ' THE HEAD BEFORE jhRING
THE BULLET THAT ENDED HIS OWN LIFE.
MIGHTY SDUHO OF MUSIC,
Continued From Page One.
-Rev. J. F. Berry of Chicago, general
eecretary of the Epworth League and edi
tor of the Epworth Herald, the official
organ of the league, arrived yesterday
rnorninir and was enthusiastic in his
praises of the committee of arrangements.
Speaks Admiringly of Work
"f - of Local Committee of
League.
REV. MR. BERRY
IS ENTHUSIASTIC
. Fourth— Remember that the lilac cards rep
resent homes vhere they are ¦willing to enter
lain either ladies or gentlemen. Yellow cards,
where they are willing to entertain ladies only,
lied cards, where they will entertain men only.
Fifth — Treat every one with the utmost cour
tesy. Remember that delegates coming are
tired and worn out from their \ong Journey:
that they are our guests, and that as their
host we owe It to them to do ei-erything within
our ineans to make the first impression a
most favorable cne. "Be kindly affectionate
one to another, with brotherly love; ln honor
jiref erring one another."
' Second — As soon as delegates have assign
ments, tell them to take their checks to the
transfer bureau, to the right of this booth.
JUeo to leave their address of where they
are going to stay with the registration com
mittee.
Third— Free accommodations will be given
only by Messrs. Truman. White and Hudson.
The cane with colored delegates.
entertainment committee last night issued
.the following Instructions to his aids:
» Klrst — Give no accommodations except to
those who have registered and are wearing a
badge.
"Our conventions are held biennially.
The first was hejd in Cleveland. Ohio, in
1893; the second in Chattanooga, Tenn.,
in 18&5; the third in Toronto, Canada, in
1897; the fourth in Indianapolis in 1899. and
the fifth Is to open this week in San Fran
cisco. They may continue biennially, but
there are many who consider quadrennial
conventions all that is necessary..
"There Is no recognition of Epworth
League of Christian Endeavor societies by
the Epworth League officials. Some time
ago there was a disposition to recognize
the combined organization, but nothing
ever came of it. There are very few such
societies.
"The Epworth League as an organiza
tion was never more prosperous than it
is now. ' It is constantly growing in the
number of chapters, and Its literature, the
Epworth Herald, has a greater circula
tion than ever before and It is increasing
constantly.
"With very few exceptions the people on
the programme are here or will be in time
to take their places. There will be very
few disappointments.
"These are by all odds the most elabo
rate preparations ever made for one of
our conventions. There are three classes
that deserve our special commendation
and gratitude: The general committee
for Its plans and the intelligent way in
which it is carrying them out; the
citizens of the city for the interest they
have taken in, our coming, as manifested
in the beautiful decorations, and the press
of the city. Never before have we been
treated In such a whole-souled way as we
are being treated here. No other city
can be compared to this for hospitality.
the citizens of San Francisco and the
press of the city -because of the manner
in which affairs had been conducted.
"I arrived here this morning," he said,
as he greeted a Call representative in the
Palace Hotel during the afternoon, "and
went direct to the Mechanics' Pavilion,
where the convention is to be held. I
was very much surprised and delighted
with the arrangements there. I also
deem the" Alhambra Theater and the
Metropolitan Temple admirably adapted
for convention purposes.
Continued From Page One.
.Mill BODY OF LEAGUERS OR THE WH
for the first concert. After Thursday blue
tickets will be redefined ln cash from bona fldo
purchasers, wbo purchased same before first
concert.
On Friday the box office will b« open for tho
sale of regular reserved seats for the second
concert for 75 cents each. All admissions to
the second concert will be reserved seat admis
sions and no tickets will be sold after the
house Is filled. ,
LOUISIANA PURCHASE
BOTJN3>AKY QUESTIONED
President of Proposed Exposition
Makes Effort to End an Inter
esting Controversy.
ST. LOUIS. July 16.— A letter has been
addressed to Thomas M. Carter, chairman
of the national committee, by President
Francis of the Louisiana Purchase Ex
position, requesting an official definition
of the boundaries of the Louisiana Pur
chase. The letter, in part, follows:
"The information Is desired to insure
uniformity in the maps and historical ac
curacy in the literature pertaining to the.
world's fair. We also desire it in order
to perfect the Louisiana Purchase organ
ization for co-operation ln the exposition.
In this connection I wish to call your at
tention to the difference in the maps Is
sued by the Government within a few
years, some of them projecting the Louis
iana Purchase territory through' to the
Pacific Ocean; others limiting It to the
watershed line between the Mississippi
and the Pacific.
"A report made to Congress several
years ago by the Government commission
seems to afford some basis for the claims
of those who think the Louisiana terri
tory extended to the Pacific. An official
expression on the weight to be given tni3
report is considered desirable."
Strikers Will Return to Work.
DENVER, July 16.— The striking hod-
carriers and mortar mixers will return to
work to-morrow at the same wages paid
before they struck for an increase. The
State Board of Arbitration, after hearing
both sides of the controversy, decided
that the contractors • could not afford to
pay higher wages under existing con
tracts, but recommended that an Increase
be granted on January 1 next. The hod
carriers are getting $2 50 and the mortar
mixers $2 75. They a3ked for $3 and $3 50
a day respectively.
Ordered to Tear Down Fences.
PORTLAND. Or., July 16.— Judge Bel
linger, in the United States court, to-day
decided that the Jesae D. Carr Land and
Livestock Company has illegally fenced
ln 84,000 acres of Government land in
Southern Oregon and Northern California.
The decree of the court directs the United
States Marshal to tear down the fences.
An appeal probably will be taken.
SACRAMENTO. July 16.— A conference
of the trustees of eight of the big reclam
ation districts in the Lower Sacramento
River, with representatives of three oil
producing and supply companies, was held
at Courtland yesterday. The reclamation
dist-icts voted to substitute oil for coal as
fuel for the several pumping plants and
dredgers. The oil burners and tanks will
be put in as rapidly as possible. It was
voted to invite bids for fuel oil. to be
opened at a general meeting to be held
in Courtland on the 27th inst.
The action of the reclamation districts
will means that in the future an average
of 75,000 barrels of oil will be used at their
pumping stations and on their dredgers
j?ach year.
Sacramento Valley Reclamation Dis
tricts Decide to Use the Cheaper
FueL
OIL WILL BE SUBSTITUTED
TOR COAL ON DREDGERS
EPWORTH LEAGUE DELEGATES ARRIVE IIN THE CrT^T
SAN JOSE, July 16.— The tragic se
quel to the love romance of pretty
Louisa Navaret and Charles J.
Johnson, who yesterday committed
suicide after a futile attempt to kill,
his sweetheart, was described before a
Coroner's jury this afternoon. Miss Nav
aret was the principal witness. Her
wounds are not as severe as was at first
Eupposed and she was able to come in
from the County Hospital. Aside from the
bandages on her head one would not have
known she had been through such an ex
citing ordeal. She stood and chatted and
exhibited no sign of remorse.
Miss Navaret's story of the attempt on
her life and the suicide of Johnson was
practically the same as that given in The
Call this morning. For a year she and
Johnson had been engaged, and he was
continually demanding that they be mar
ried right away. Every time she post
poned the date he threatened to kill her,
and these awful threats he nearly carried
out yesterday.
The girl said Johnson fired four shots at
her. After two of these had struck her he
stood coolly by and loaded his revolver and
then sent one of the bullets crashing into
his own brain.
Mrs. Navaret, the girl's mother, aaid
that Johnson declared to her that unless
the girl married him he would kill her and
himself.
The jury returned a verdict that John- .
son came to his death from a -¦ gunshot
wound inflicted at his own hands.
Johnson was a native of Sweden and 26
years old. He was employed as a lineman
at the electrical works in Redwood City.
He had no relatives in California, but 'his
mother and father reside at Eau Clafre,
Wisconsin.
There is little doubt that Miss Navaret
played fast and loose with Johnson's af
fections, and this, with his mad infatua
tion for the girl, led him to .commit the
rash act. That the' girl escaped death
. seems almost miraculous. Both bullets
lodged between the parietal and temporal
bones of the skull. After the inquest to
day she gazed on her dead lover's body,
and as she emerged from the dead room a
tear glistened in her eye, but this soon
dried . and she became as gay as a bride.
Hailstorm Kills Stock.
MUSKOGEE, I. T., July 16.— A severe
hailstorm three miles north of Muskogee
last night killed some stock and com
pletely destroyed crops for a considerable
distance over a stretch of a mile wide.
Heavy rains fell all over the Creek and
Cherokee Nations, generally saving crops.
free trade between the United States and
Porto Rico after July 25 next. Promptly
upon Allen's arrival in this country a
proclamation was framed to give effect
to this resolution. It is expected that the
document will be purely formal in terms,
simply reciting the proper section of the
Foraker act and declaring free trade.
Oil Discoveries in Texas Cause Prices
to Rise to Astonishing
Figures.
AUSTIN, Tex., July 16.— The .recent dis
covery of oil in abundant quantities in
Duval County, this State, has caused the
prices of lands throughout that section
to advance to astounding figures. Prior
to the oil discovery the lands were prac»
tically worthless, except for cattle graz
ing, and could be purchased for .50 cents
to $1 per acre. These lands are now
selling readily for $500 per acre.
Joaquin Miller, the "poet of the Sierr
ras," who purchased about 2000 acres of
land in that section more than a year
ago for a few dollars when there was no
thought of oil existing there, could now
get nearly $100,000 for his holdings. The
Duffey Petroleum Company, .which owns
the best part of the oil lands and pro
ducing wells in the Beaumont fields, has
leased several thousand acres in the
Duval County fields. The company will
Immediately bore a number of wells in
the vicinity of the new discovery.
Free Trade With Porto Rico.
WASHINGTON, July 16.— Secretary
Hay has received by mail an official re
port from Governor Allen of Porto Rico,
inclosing the resolution adopted by the
Porto Rican Legislature providing for
LUCKY IiAND OWNEES
AKE MAKING FORTUNES
SHOOT AT VILLAGERS
AND WRECK THE BANK
Eandits Make a Desperate Effort to
Enrich Themselves in an Ohio
Institution.
COLUMBUS, Ohio. July 16.— A gang of
six or seven robbers wrecked the Ressler
& Ashbrooke bank at Alexandria, in
Licking County, about 1 o'clock this
morning. The strong box resisted their
efforts and they overlooked a package of
$1500 In the outer vault, which they blew
to pieces.
Tools were stolen from the Toleda and
Ohio Central Railroad, with which the
front door of the bank was opened, after
which four charges of dynamite were ex
ploded to open the vault. The noise
arousefc Cashier C. B. Buxton and others
who resided near and they hastened to
the scene. -T- _? f'jJ
Although the citizens surrounded the
building, the robbers remained in the
bank for an hour making repeated at
tempts to force the strong box, meanwhile
keecing up an exchange of shots with the
villagers Finally the bandits fled ln two
rigs which had been previously stolen.
Sheriff Anderson and a posse are ln pur-
There waa only $800 ln the strong box.
the package of $1500 having. been received
too late to be. placed therein last evening.
The loss is covered by Insurance.
Mosby a Federal Official.
WASHINGTON, July 16.— Colonel John
S Mosby. ex-Confederate cavalry leader,
has been appointed a special agent of the
Federal Land Office. He claims his pres
ent residence as ln California. He has
been assigned to duty in Nebraska.
Aged Man Takes Poison.
SACRAMENTO July 16.-F. F. Michant.
aged about 70 years, died at Folsom this
morning from the effects of carbolic acid,
taken yesterday with suicidal Intent. The
old man was sick and without means.
Pretty Louisa Navaret Exhibits Neither Pity Nor Hatred for the
Man Who Committed Suicide, After Attempting to Murder Her,
Because She Had Played Fast and Loose With His Affections
The Conservative newspapers generally
commend the paper. The Times calls on
Lord Rosebery to "place his great abili
ties at the service of the country by
throwing himself, heart and soul, into the
v.-ork of converting the Liberal party to
the policy in which he believes. It al
ludes to his "singular advantages— birth,
ability and nationality— for playing an
important part at a critical time."
The Daily Chronicle asks if Lord Rose
bery will take his part toward realizing
the desired end. The Daily News regards
Lord Rosebery as "standing outside the
vineyard and throwing stones at the
workers." Going on to analyze the let
ter, the paper defines it as a "deliberate
and mischievous effort to prevent re
union."
Lord Rosebery's pronouncement is con-
Eidered by the Daily Telegraph as "sev
ering the last connection with a hopeless
opposition." The Daily Chronicle says:
"It is destined to have a profound effect
upon the country, pointing to the forma
tion of a National Liberal party, num
erous materials for which are scattered
within easy reach."
"It is a matter of sorrow and anxiety,"
he says, "to see a weak Government faced
by a weaker opposition at a Juncture of
foreign hostility and international com
petition which needs all the vigilance,
power and agility at our command." He
believes that Great Britain is at a crisis
which may have unlimited effects upon
its future.
The Liberal party can become a power,
he continues, only when it ehall have
made u]> its mind on the "imperial ques
tions which are at this moment embodied
in the war." After asserting that "th-5
whole <?mpire has rallied to the war," he
discusses the attitude of the Liberal pEcrty.
"What is the attitude of the Liberal
party?" he asks. "Neutrality and an open
wind. Now I contend that this is an im
possible attitude and spells impotence. No
party can exist on such conditions." '
He declares that the difference would
not cease to operate when the war is over,
because "statesmen who disassociate
themselves from a nation in a great na
tional question, such as the war in which
we all strive to suffer together, disassoci
ate themselves for much longer than they
think." He considers that the severance
is a "sincere, fundamental and incurable
antagonism of principles with regard to
ihe empire at large and our consequent
policy." As there is this "honest and ir
reconcilable difference on questions of the
first iaipoitance," he sees no favorable
issue. Lord Rosebery concludes with a
gloomy touch.
LONDON, July 17.— Lord Rosebery has
issued a manifesto on the divisions in the
Liberal party* It is contained In a letter
to the City Liberal Club, which had In
vited him to deliver an address. He dis
claims any desire to re-enter politics, but
speaks out "under the remarkable char
acter" agreed upon by Liberal members
of the House of Commons of "hearty and
undisputed allegiance to the leader and
complete liberty jof action to dissent with
regard to the one vital question before
the country."
Probability' That National
Liberal Party Will Be
Formed.
Former Prime Minister
Gives Warning to
English.
ROSEBERY SEES
CRISIS AHEAD
TIENTSIN. July 16.— The orders for the
depasture of the Bombay cavalry have
been countermanded and the strength of
the British troops remaining here will be
increased by 1000 men.
It was at the meeting of July 11 that the
Ministers had eomething in the nature of
an agreement as to the indemnity, but al
most immediately a radical difference de
veloped between Great Britain and Rus-
Ela as to the details of the plan of pay
ment. All the Ministers were- ln accord
with the scheme early ln June, subject to
the approval of their governments, but
Great Britain disapproved the arrange
ment on the ground that it did not ade
quately protect her commercial inter
ests
The neutral Ministers assert that either
Great Britain or Russia must make ma
terial concessions before a conclusion of
the agreement is possible. Meanwhile
the committees of the Ministers are work-
Ing upon comparatively unimportant de
tails, such as improvements in navigation.
If the financial question was settled the
negotiations could be closed in a day.
•"LI Hung Chang keeps sending strenuous
requests to the Ministers of the powers to
present a complete plan. He represents
that China is willing to accept any rea
sonable terms and is chiefly anxious to
know definitely what the powers require,
so that she may begin compliance with
the terms. The Ministers regard news
paper accusations of procrastination on
their part as exceedingly unjust. The
Government and not the Ministers is
responsible, the Ministers say, for the
deadlock.
PEKING, July 16.— The Ministers of the
powers now freely admit that the pros
pect of a conclusion, of negotiations is
growing darker. The situation la most
serious, as the deadlock has continued for
more than a month. The meeting ar
ranged for to-day waa postponed because
it was apparent that the proceedings
would be fruitless.
Li Hung Ohang Becomes Very
Weary and Asks for
Terms.
Ministers m China Are
Now in a Hopeless
Tangle.
POWERS BALK
AT SETTLEMENT
MANILA, July 16.— The transport Han
cock, with Major General Corbin and par
ty aboard, broke the record from San
Francisco to Manila, making the trip ln
exactly twenty days. The members of
tho party were delighted with the trip,
which was particularly smooth. Corbin
will suggest" to Secretary Root that he
establish a twenty-five day mail service
between Washington and Manila. \ It is
probable that Corbin will make a tour of
the various islands before he starts on
the trip back to the United States.
Senator Harris and Congressman Kahn
are enthusiastic over the conditions here
and propose to study the outlook care
fully. The Congressman entertained wel
coming delegations of Californian ln his
stateroom. There were a number ; of
speeches and the health of the California
statesman was drunk.
Senator Harris Is primed with schemes
for the government. and development of
the islands.
General Chaffee extended a most cor
dial greeting to the visitors when they
came ashore. Corbin visited Governor
Taft on his arrival.
H. Phelpa Whitmarsh, Governor of Ben
guet Province, who was recently ordered
to Manila for investigation of certain
charges against him, Is writing a state
ment in hig own defense for admission to
the United States Commission, denying
some and making explanation of others
of the- allegations against him. "Whether
or not he is exonerated, it is considered
that it will be difficult for him and Otto
Scherer, Secretary of the province, to
gether to govern the province successful
ly, the two officials having clashed.
The insurgent general Gebarro, with
seventy men, has surrendered to the au
thorities at Legaspl, Albay Province.
General Aquino, who has been proved
to be responsible for the murder of five
captive soldiers of the Twelfth United
States Infantry, has been sentenced to
imprisonment for life.
Many native murderers have been
hanged or lmprfsoned.
Congressman Kahn Is Wel
comed by Delegations
of Oalifornians.
Hancock, With Corbin
Party, Finishes Trip
in Twenty Days.
MAKES RECORD
TIME TO MANILA
WASHINGTON. July 16.— The President
to-day made the following appointments:
Artillery- Colonel, David H. K«nsle; lieuten
ant colonels, George G. Green. Seldon A. Day:
majors. Samuel A. Keephart. Lou!s R. Bur-
Be Cavalry— Captain. Mortimer O. Blgelow.
Infantry— Second HeuUnants. Jason M. Wall
ing, Norrls Stanton. John K. Gowan.
Porto Rico provisional infantry-Captain.
Orval P. Townsend; second lieutenants. Willis
C. Metcalf. Emil Buebscher.
Provisional first lieutenants in the Pn»»P
plne scouts-James H. Aldrich. Howard Atkin
son. Morton A very. Robert E. Brooks. Josepa
Bennett. Marry Bell. Lee McHntter. John J.
A. Clark. Robert C. Corliss. AIUo C. Core>.
Marlon Covell, James ¦ Conway. Norman E.
Cook. Ryder Davis. Waiter B. Elliott. Hans
Frank. A. E. Hendrbc. Irvln L Hunsa.ter.
Thomas M. Kite. Wesley Kin*. John Kennedy.
Thomas M. Kelley. Albert Lang. Daniel J.
Moynihan. John H. Neff. Frank L. Otis, John
A. Paegelow, Boss Rees. Alfred Roeder, Ben
jamin Stark Jr., Alexander StreWer. Anton
Seeman, Carl U Stone. Emil Speth. Roscoe
Treadw*H, Samuel Willits. George M. Wray,
Charles C. Winnia, Allen Walker. Hans F.
Weusthoff. -,^,,,
Provisional second lieutenants ln the Philip
pine scouts— Charles B. Baker. Junius I.
Boyle, Joseph W. Blanchard. Moses T. Barlow.
Robert R. Bown. Charles G. Clifton. Harold E.
Clearman. Louis E. Caulfleld. Thomas B.
Crockett, Israel F. Costello, Edward Duorak.
Charles E. Dority. Robert Dickson. Floyd I.
Frisbie. Lawrence E. Grennan. Herman Hern*.
Frederick B. Hennessy, . Ray Hoover John
Holtman, Hugh Klrkman. Thomas F. Loudon.
Alister M. MacXab. Dole M. Metcalf. Geor K e
SIcCue. Oscar C. Monday. William M. Milne.
Robert L. Mosely, Xoah A. Overly, Charles L.
Pitney. Peter Peterson. Houston B. Pardon.
Shelby L. Rucker. Odus J. Reeder. Joseph
Rodgers. Thomas Ryan. Henry Rodgers, An
drew Shea, Roy P. Stoneburn. Joseph Uhrl*.
George K. Wilson. James D. Watson.
Lieutenant Colonel Kinzie Is
Advanced by the
Executive. -^'
President Appoints Pro
visional Officers
in Luzon.
LEADERS NAMED
FOR THE SCOUTS
CHATS GAYLY AT THE INQUEST
OVER HER DEAD LOVER'S BODY
¦ - . ¦ ¦ ¦- 1 ¦ ¦ ¦ • . ¦¦.-¦¦ ,. ¦ . ¦ .:.r-.s
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JDLY 17, 1901.
Flowers for. the dead, for gratitude a.nd
remembrance; flowers for the living;' for
courage and inspiration.
The Southern Pacific officials appeared
1o be at sea yesterday. When the an
nouncements were made that this and
that delegation had left Ogden it was sup
plemented with the information j that the
trains would arrive "to-night or to-mor
row." In answer to" queries^ as to the
cause of the delays it. was stated that "the
travel was congested and delays .were
quite unavoidable.'-'
What has become of the forty trains
which . left Ogden Sunday -night Is
a question which will be decided to-day.
They are somewhere on the road,, but
whether lost in a Nevada 1 sandstorm or
swallowed up in ¦a fog at some. obscure
crossroads station-is unknown.; A trav
eler.who arrived on No. 3 at noon yester
day stated, that he had seen none of. them
Forty Trains Stalled Some
where Between Here
' . and Terrace. .">'
OFFICIALS SEEM
TO BE AT SEA
Among the prominent * Epworth
Leaguers from Southern California who
arrived on the train at 1 o'clock yester
day morning were Rev. H. "W. Waltz, pres
ident, and Mrs. \V. H. Fisher, second vice
president, of the Southern California Ep
worth League Conference. Other promi
nent leaguers who came on the same train
were Rev. J. W. Whittlngton, president;
W. H. Fisher, first vice president, and
George W. Turner, third vice president of
the Los Angeles County Union. A. G.
Wallace, Rev. G. A. Hough and Rev. O.
Wilkie, members of the Los Angele.3 gen
eral committee, also came up. Professor
F. A. Bacon, musical director of the Los
Angeles section of the chorus, waa also
among the arrivals on the . Los Angele3
special. The committee members took
charge of the space allotted for -. the
Southern California exhibits and placed it
in order for the entertainment of visitors.
The missionary department will have
some live exhibits. Yesterday the Rev.
A. Ewing of Ukiah arrived with twelve
native Indian children and their teacher,
Miss Alice Swazey, a charming young
lady of Woodland. The entire party will
be entertained free during the conven
tion. - -. •, ;
. The Rev.^- Joseph Emory of Chico/ pre
siding elder of the M. B. Church South,
came In on one of the regular trains from
th6n0rth - ¦ _— -
Another well known and revered minis
ter who arrived yesterday was Rev. J. C.
Pendergrast, also of the M. E. Church
South. He is now retired and is living in
happy old age with his daughter at .Santa
Clara. For forty-nine years the old man
has been engaged in the active ministry
in California and has been familiarly
called "Father Pendergrast" for the last
quarter of a century by the Methodist
congregations of this State. Like "Uncle
Jack" Simmons, Father Pendergrast is
crowned with a head of snow-white hair
and presents a most venerable appear
ance.
on Thursday afternoon in behalf of the
M. E. Church South.
Continued from Page One.
LEAGUE SPECIAL TRAINS DELAYED
Mr. Crews is also editor of The Canadi
an Epworth Era. &He was born in the
county of Lambton,1857, and receiv9ft»his
education at the Ingersoll High School
and Victoria • University. After ordina
tion he spent one year as assistant editor
of the Christian Guardian, and has been
stationed In St. Catharines, Hamilton,
Winnipeg and Toronto. He was elected
to his present position in 1895. . Since then
he has traveled through all parts of the
Dominion in the prosecution of his work.
Rev. G. R. Turk and Rev. G. W. Kirby
Of Toronto arrived yesterday over the
Santa Fe. They are popular divines of
the Methodist church. They have no
church South, Episcopal, } Reformed or
other factions. There is only one church
in Canada, all lines having been swept
away fourteen years ago, when the union
of the churches took place.
Among the most prominent of the'Can
adian arrivals Is Rev. James Henderson,
D.D., of Toronto. He is associate mis
sionary secretary for the Dominion, and
he .will respond to the address of welcome
Thursday afternoon for '• his delegation.
He is said to be a most eloquent, and at
tractive speaker.
"Our delegation will be augmented by
parties coming on other trains, so that
we will have fully 250 Canadians present.
This will be more than we had at Indian
apolis in 1899. We will stay nearly a
month visiting throughout the State.
There are plenty of Canadians in Cali
fornia. Ontario, in Southern California,
is named after the province of Ontario,
and is largely inhabited by natives of
that province. •
"Among the more noted personages on
our special were Rev. T. E. Shore, D.D.,
Toronto; Rev. W. - J. Smith, Brantford;
Rev. C. T. Scott, London; Rev. E. E.
Scott, Vancouver, and Rev. E. S. Rowe,
Victoria,"
"Our work in Canada is in good condi
tion. It was never more effective nor the
outlook more hopeful. Our membership
has not grown to any extent during the
year just closed, but otherwise we are in
good condition.
"I am to preside at some of the meet-',
ings, and in conjunction with the other
two general secretaries will constitute
a business committee to handle all the
business that comes up.
"There are thousands of Leaguers on
the road," said the Rev. Mr. Crews on
his arrival at the Pavilion last evening,
"and the railroads are doing nobly by
us. To think of the men working as they
have to and no more delays than we have
had is a credit to them. Some conduc
tors told us that they had not slept for
three days, and the work had not yet be
gun.
"The unique feature of this convention
is the missionary exhibit and conferences.
"We never have had such an attractive
missionary display as the one now being
installed in the Pavilion. The thing to be
emphasized in our work this year is mis
sions.
"The registration of delegates is more
¦systematically done here than ever before
and will give us a much more accurate
knowledge of the attendance than we
have ever had before. We will surely
have a grand convention."
Rev. A. C. Crews of Toronto, Canada,
general secretary of the Epworth
Leagues of Canada, arrived last night on
a special train with 170 Canadians, includ
ing his wife. He stopped over Sunday at
Salt Lake City, but- claims to have -left
there on the first special Epworth League
train Sunday night -at 13 o'clock.
Resolved. With the consent or the Mayor
that our surplus be applied to the cost of il
lumination of the City Hall dome and ferry
depot - tower, and that the Treasurer be au
thorized to make such payment.- - '
The action of the Presidential commit
tee was received with intense satisfaction
by Chairman Thomas Fllben of the Ep
worth League committee last night. "It
was* a' generous' act," -he said, "and will
do us. a world of good. The contributions
to our fund, although generous in some
quarters, were not as munificent as we
expected they would be. Still we have no
complaints ,to make. -:Wje: T wi.ll, get ? along
somehow, and -with'.this. addition to .our
fund we expect to keep bur heads above
water.'.' ...
Whereas, • The Mayor recommends that the
surplus be used for the illumination of the
dome during the session .of the ) Epworth
League. and Shooting Festival, as well as the
illumfnation of the ferry depot: and
Whereas, There is a shortage in the funds
cf the Epworth League reception committee,
¦which -has contracted • at a cost of $1600 for
the illumination of the. City Hall dome and
the ferry depot . tower, , the assumption of
whioh, to the extent of our surplus, by this
committee, would greatly relieve the finances
of the .Epworth League reception committee;
therefore, b« it . ¦ ; . ¦ ¦ •
Whereas, Under the terms of agreement with
the Ma.yor.it was to be devoted to the illum
ination of the City Hall, dome; and
Whereas,. There is a surplus in the funds of
the Presidential reception committee amount
ing to -about $1600; and •-
A special meeting of the executive com
mittee having in charge the recent recep
tion ;' to President McKinley was held yes
terday: afternoon, , and. a resolution waa
adopted ordering the transfer of the sur
plus fund "of $1500 to the general commit
tee 'of • the Epworth League Convention.
The resolution is .as follows: -' -fv^--*
mittee Turns Over Sur
i: plus to Leaguers.
McKinley Reception Com-
Numerous trains arrived last night, but
the majority of those which were to ar
rive yesterday will not come in until to
day. About 10,000 delegates are still on
the road, wondering, no doubt, when the
sight of the placid Pacific jtvill gladden
their eyes. When the echoes of the con
vention have died away President Hays
of the Southern Pacific will seek to lo
cate the responsibility for the apparent
bungling in the handling of this passen
ger traffic, which under the old system
would have been deemed a crime that
merited the instant dismissal of the of
fender. . . ,
¦ »
DONATE A LARGE
SUM OF MONEY
since leaving Terrace. That they are
somewhere between this city and that
eating station by This time may reason
ably be as'sumed, but the relatives and
friends of those aboard prefer facts to
vague assumption. Thus far facts con
cerning the movements of trains have
been kept as sedulously concealed as is
the secret of the Sphinx. It is a happy
go-lucky arrangement which has been in
force thus far, and the delegates may be
congratulated if they arrive in time to at
tend the closing- meeting of the conven
tion.
The committee will open the box office at the
Pavilion on Thursday and -take up all blue
tickets now in. the hands of bona fide, pur
chasers'and give Preserved seat: checks in ex
change" for -same- on Thursday' only-.-wttlurot
extra charge. It does thia because of the dla
aDDOintmtnt of those holding these tickets
The concert will be "repeated on Saturday
night with the same chorus and exactly the
same programme. The committee specially re
quests that all persona who have blue 50-cent
tickets in their possession sell no more tickets
under any circumstances, but turn in those
held by them -at' once. "
The Epworth League Convention com
mittee makes the following official concert
announcement to the public:
Thousands Fail to Enter.
The sale of patron's badges began yes
terday with satisfactory results. Persons
with these badges will be admitted to all
meetings of the convention. The price of
the badges is $1. This sum Is charged in
order to swell the. entertainment rund,
which is still short of the requirements.
The dedication of the new home for
Chinese girls under the Woman's Foreign
Missionary Society at $12 Washington
street will occur to-day at 2 p. in. Bishop
Hamilton will preside. Bishop I. \v.
Joyce, Dr. J. M. Buckley and others have
been invited to participate | in the exer
cises. All interested will be welcome.
The receipts of the concert amounted to
about $5000. This sum will be turned over
to the finance committee to help defray
the convention expenses. ' :
voices, the grand organ, the manipulators
of the keys, whose reputation for skill is
unequaled in the West, and the fact that
an audience of more than 8000 persons
would be present, served to attract one or
the largest and most brilliant assemblages
ever seen in this city. The programme as
published was rendered in its entirety and
in a manner that reflects the highest
credit upon, the music committee.
As was anticipated, there was a crush
at the Larkin-street entrance long before
8 o'clock, at which hour the programme
was to begin. Owing to the. facts that
the entire house had been sold out and
that thousands of tickets of general ad
mission had been disposed of some con
fusion resulted at the doors, particularly
after the announcement that only those
holding reserved seats would be admitted.
Many were not aware of this, and when.
tickets of general admission were present
ed the holders were turned back with the
information that the tickets would be
honored next Saturdav. Numerous com
plaints were heard, but the vexation ex
pressed was only momentary. Thou
sands returned to their homes with
smiling faces, resolved to be on hand at
an early hour on the date specified.
A squad of twenty-five policemen led by
Lieutenant Blrdsall managed the crowd
in admirable fashion. ' Captain •'Wittman
arrived later and ,took command. The
crush for a time was enormous, but when
the side entrances were opened, shortly
after 8 o'clock, the congestion was appre
ciably relieved.
1 The ushers did excellent work in seat
ing the vast audience. The was little if
any confusion, the arrangements for pre
venting such having been faithfully car
ried out. The chorus, ranged in seats
which ascended far above the gallery
floor, presented a spectacle which, for
color and brightness must linger long ln
the memory of all who were present. The
audience was a representative one in
every respect. '-;"•". -
2
VISIT DR. JORDAN'S GREAT
MUSEUM OF ANATOMY
gfe . 1051 1M2S1TST. tat. 6A47&, S.F.C*!.
SZST .-¦ ¦ Tke Lareejt Anatomi<4J Museum in tbe
»<sfe»~v World. Weaknesses or iny contracted
QrSSSl <Me«e p«»l«l»rly cored hy the olden
fg §3 I Specialist on the Coast. Est 36 years.
fll^Cft DR - JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN
f $£}S7& B ' Con«ult»tion free and strictly private.
J iSiO. B Treatment personally or by letter. A
H W CS y PatUivt Cure in every case undertaken.
Fit lift- Write for Book. PMlLO«OPmf«f
¦ If [1* nAnaMGE. mailed fbbb. (a
Q Ur TaluaWe book for mrn)
OB. JORDA.N A CO.. 1051 Market St.. R. F.
Health, Strength, Peace and Pleasure
require their expulsion, and this is posi-
tively effected, according to thousands of
grateful testimonials, by
Hood's Sarsaparllla
Which radically and permanently drives
them out and builds up the whole system.
They are attended by pimples, boils, tte
Itching .tetter, salt rheum, and other cu-
taneous eruptions ; by feelings of weakness,
languor, general debility and what not.
They cause more suffering than anything
else.
Humors
¦ They take possession of the body, and
are Lords of Misrule.
DB.HETEBSUO.
Specialists. Disease
and weakness of
men. Established
1881. Con sultatlon
and private book
free, at office or by
mall. Cures guar-
anteed. 731 Mar-
ket street (eleva-
tor entrance), San
Francisco.
Brush Manufacturers. 609 Sacramsrtto Sk
BUCHANAN BROS.
RPTTQWi?Q F0R BARBERS. BAK-
DXlUOllljOers. bootblacks.' bath-
houses, billiard tables
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers.- fanners,
dyers, flourmills. foundries, laumlrle*. paper-
hantrers, printers., painters, shoe ..factories,
stablemen, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
1/ EARNY AND WASHINGTON STS.— RE-
¦*¦ modeled and renovated. KINO, WARD &
CO.' European plan. Rooms, 50c to II 5a day
jr. to ?s week; $8 to 120 month. Free baths; hot
and cold water every room ; fire grates in -very
room; elevator runs all nlsht.
WE "HAVE GOT" THE STRINGS ON
THE PIANO TRADE HERE-WHY?
»£"•—• v~' Because we control the sal© of the
'"^^^^ iTS^jLh* 1^ 'ys i.i Wf" most popular and the best selling pi-
f wSPVvSu " ' ¦ anos ln the countr y-
"" ¦-— / l/SlI Av^) *— * w^ are a new concern here and yet
*/j ?«i?i*!P*3*<4iSjj|U llft^ *^» ' Pianos ln a music establishment are
/t^rxii/l fife rrfSt*™ o^vX. "VS/ Iike lleutenants In a field of battle.
E*&$tv ijy-— >^i / e enter tne Piano field with our.
h!^^T/*7^^ i^lXV tW'^^L lieutenants-EVERETT, STECK,
Ma-h Vy/vS n^i vVY^^^ hardman. Packard, conover,:
ttKVM $\\£=T^F LUDWIG, HARRINGTON, BALD- ¦
WlSt^v! \S§ok>^ii&l WIN ' VALLEY GEM. ELLINGTON,
WIT 3 **/ • /^/M///MMWW/W/A SMITH & BARNES. WILLAHD,.
I'mtLJ ¦ - Mmm//////MmMmWM STRAUBE - jewett. gilmorb. .
!'#$?% W(N'^^M^m0mm CABLE - kingsbury.
/W&liM W/99 Mffm- Where> in the wJ l ole P lano Christen-
' Fffi ~$£$ \nhr*HilU Y&vMvl doiT!l can 2'ou find such another list as
"Introductory prices" now prevail.
THE WILEY B. ALLEN CO., 933 Market Si, *& o p ;, San Francisco,-;
.--" BRANCH STORE, 051', BROADWAY. OAKLAND. i .
ADVERTISEMENTS.NEW WHATCOM, "Wash., July 16.— The
biggest fish deal closed on the Pacific
Coast since the formation of the Pacific
American Fisheries Company two year3
ago was consummated to-day when the
Alaska' Packers' Association purchased
the Anacortes Packing Company's prop
erty, consisting of the cannery at Ana
cortes, with fish traps and a number of
steam vessels. It is understood that the
consideration was in the neighborhood of
$500,000.
Buys Anacortes Cannery.
The assassin Iba is described as a man
51 years of age. He was originally a
follower of the Tohugawa dynasty and
was skilled in the art of fencing. He
founded two schools after the reforma
tion of the Melji era and has taken an
active part in educational work among
young people. In 1892, he and others pro
moted the Japan Savings Bank in Tokio,
of which institution he was elected presi
dent.
The wounds sustained by Mr. Hoshi
were so serious that he fell dead without
uttering a word. The body was sent in
a carriage to his house in Akasaka after
an Informal inquest. The assassin was
taken to the Metropolitan Police Bureau,
wh'ch stands close to the City Hall. He
told the police authorities in a quiet com
posed manner that he had been watching
for a chance to kill Mr. Hoshi. as he had
resolved to sacrifice his property and his
love for his wife and family In order to
strike the man. He gave as a reason
that it was necessary to strike a blow
In the interest of sound education. He
was bleeding freely from the forehead
when arrested.
The wounds received by Mr. Hoshi were
five in all. All were deep and mortal.
From accounts published In the Japan
ese papers it seems that Mr. Hoshi had
been attending a meeting of the Alder
men. The meeting was held in private
and the discussion was concluded at
about 3 ' o'clock. Mr. Hoshi and the
Mayor were having a social . chat when
the assassin entered the room. The man
was well dressed. He gave his name and
said he -was a member of the Educational
Committee of Totsuya Ku. No one sus
pected that he was bent upon murder and
consequently little attention was paid to
him. He walked behind Mr. Hoshi and
drew a dagger, instantly plunging It Into
Mr. Hoshi's right side, penetrating the
lung. The assassin dealt the blow before
Mr. Hoshi could offer any resistance.
Mr. Hlrago, clerk of the City Assembly,
was the first to see what had taken place,
and he at once sprang upon the assassin
and held him. The others in the room
then helped to secure Sotaro, which they
succeeded in doing after a struggle. The
police authorities arriving on the scene
shortly afterward, he was taken Into
custody.
VICTORIA, B. C, July 16.— Details were
received by the Empress of India to-day
of the assassination of Hoshi Toru, the
Japanese statesman, in the City Hall of
Tokio. : He was stabbed to death by a
fencer named Iba Sotaro. There appears
to have been no desire on the part of
tho assassin to .hide the motive for his
act. The murderer is a man of influence
and high alms and apparently has been
a well-to-do citizen.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
Says He Has Struck a Blow
in Interest of Sound
. Education.
Iba Sotaro ; the Slayer
of the Japanese
Statesman.
TORU'S ASSASSIN
A MAN OF MARK
A penny saved may be a penny earned,
but the one carried as a pocket piece
doesn't draw any interest.
The business part of Aberdeen la com
pactly built, and had wind been blowing
Sunday night the greater portion of the
city would have been destroyed.
The City Council met yesterday and au
thorized the organization of a vigilance
committee, ¦with plenary powers. Upon
the advice of this committee six new
policemen were sworn in. They patrolled
the streets of Aberdeen last night and will
continue to do so this week.
When one by one alarms came from va
rious boxes the citizens of Aberdeen real
ized that something waa wrong. They
turned out en masse and formed bucket
brigades, ¦which did heroic work in
quenching the flames. Determined efforts
failed to reveal the identity of the incen
diaries, though several clews are now
being followed. The fires were extin
guished so speedily that only a few hun
dred dollars' worth of damage was done.
Shavings, dry kindlings, pitch and kero
sene had been used freely by the incen
diaries.
' TACOMA, July 16.— Aberdeen, % on Grays
Harbor, is greatly excited over 'a system
atic attempt made on Sunday night to
burn the town. Fires ¦were set in stx
places in the rear of buildings In the
main business portion. All were started
within half an hour. Fire first broke out
in the rear of Hayes & Hayes' bank. The
chemical engine put this out, but had not
yet reached the fire station when- other
calls came in.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
FIREBUGS TRY
TO BURN TOWN
STREIB MAKES A HIT
IN MATRIMONIAL GAME
Oakland's Clever Baseball Player
Weds a Winsome Santa Cruz
Hiss.
SANTA CRUZ. July 16.— Julius M.
Streib. right fielder of the Oakland base
ball team, and Miss Grace Owens were
married here to-day. The wedding was
solemnized at 11 o'clock this morning- at
the home of the bride's parents, Mr. and
Mrs. O. M. Owens, on High street. It was
a pretty affair and many relatives were
present. The home had been elaborately
decorated. The parlor, where the service
was read, was In green and white. In one
corner was a lovely bower and under the
gracefully curved arch of ferns and
brldesroses the couple stood while Rev.
James B. Orr of the Congregational
Church pronounced them" husband and
wife.
The bridesmaid was Miss Blanche
Adams, a cousin of the bride, and the
groomsman, Clark Owens, a brother of
the bride.
After hearty congratulations all repair
ed to the dining room, which showed the
decorator's skill in its green and red fes
tooning. A wedding breakfast was
served.
The bride is one of Santa Cruz' fairest
daughters and is a sweet and winsome
girl.
Among the presents -was an oak table
and onyx clock from the county officials,
Mr. Streib having been for several years
deputy tax collector.
FIFTEEN" FREIGHT CARS
WRECKED ON SANTA FE
Hot Box Causes Disaster to a Train
and Starts a Grain
Fire.
VISALIA, July 16.— A disastrous smash
up occurred at Le Grande, eighty-two
miles north of this city, Sunday night at
6:15 o'clock. A north-bound Santa Fe
freight train was wrecked and fifteen
loaded freight cars were piled into a
shapeless , mass. The train contained
about sixty cars. The accident was caused
by a hot box, which had become so heated
that when the air brakes "were applied
the end of the axle was twisted off. The
train was going about fifty miles an hour.
The wreckage was a sight to behold.
Rubber-tired buggies, bicycles, eggs, pelts,
crackers, cheese, groceries, canned goods,
etc, were crushed into a conglomerate
mass. When the hot box was torn from
its gearing it fell Into a ripened grain
field by the roadside and started a fire,
but not much damage resulted.
• —
Summer School Opens,
SANTA CRTJZ. July 16. — The summer
school at the Christian Church Tabernacle
in Garfield Park opened to-day with a
good attendance. Hiram Van Kirk, dean
and professor of biblical and historical
theology, is in charge.
Miss Wickersham's Bond Approved.
SANTA ROSA. July 16.— Judge Burnett
to-day approved the $300,000 bond of Miss
Lizzie Wickersham," who has been ap
pointed to administer upon her mother's
estate since the death of Fred A- Wicker
sham.
REDDIXG, July 16.— TV. A. Scott and
A. P. Hill, young men of Dunsmuir, were
to-day placed :n the County Jail here to
await trial on the charge of dynamiting
trout in the Sacramento River, Just Fouth
of the site of the burned Castle Crag
tavern. The charge was preferred by
Patrolman W. J. Hale, who makes his
headquarters at McCloud with Commis
sioner W. W. Van Arsdale.
Accused of Dynamiting Trout.
PASO ROBLES. July 16.— Charles T. E.
Samuels, who has been one of the very
cwellest guests at Paso Robles Hotel .for
several weeks, was arrested at Salinas to
day on a charge of defrauding an inn
keeper and in default of $200 bail was
lodped in the County Jail. The charge Is
preferred by th» Paso Robles Hotel man
agement, which has a bill of about $200
against Samuels. Little is known of him
here. H.? has telegraphed to a brother in
Mexico for funds, but none have* yet ar
rived.
Charles T. E. Samuels Accused of
PASO ROBLES HOTEL
GUEST UNDER ARREST
Neglect to Pay His Board
BUI.
SAX JOSE, July 16.— The selecting of a
Jury to try Lee Look for the murder of
Wing Lee was completed in Judge Lori
gan's court this afternoon and the taking
of testimony commenced. J. Lemon, F.
ST. Evans, P. M. Comer' and K. C. Phelps
were the jurors chosen to-day.
Interest in the case continues, and when
Policeman Thomas Hughes, the first wit
ness, began giving his testimony there
¦were a large number of spectators pres
ent. The murder occurred almost in front
of his home, and he waa an eyewitness
to the •war of the highbinders. He said
that as Lee Wing came up Jackson street
to Fourth a crowd of Chinese on the cor
ner of Third street attacked him. firing a
number of shots. Lee ran toward Fourth,
with three Chinese close at his heels. One
of these was Lee Look, the defendant.
Hughes at this time was in the street and
shooting at the Chinese. Lee Wing fell at
the corner of Fourth and Jackson streets.
end the Chinese ran up to him. After
>Iughes had fired at them one of the num
ber started to run north, on Fourth street,
and Hughes shot at him. The man stag
gered as if he would fall and the police
man turned around to fire at the others.
Another one had got away in the mean
time, but Lee Look was standing over the
prostrate body of Lee Wing, shooting 1
him.
Deputy Sheriff Rives appeared on th©
scene about this time and engaged in tne
Fhooting. Lee Look jumped from the
body of his victim and ran away. Both
Hughes and Rives fired at him and he
fell, wounded through the shoulder. He
was arrested and a 44-caliber revolver whs
found on his person. Hughes was positive
that he saw Lee Look shoot Lee "Wing.
The officer was subjected to a severe
cross-examination by Attorney Oneal,
but his testimony was not altered.
Deputy Sheriff Rives will follow
Hughes on the stand. His testimony will
be substantially the same.
timony Against the San Jose
Highbinder.
Policeman Hughes Gives Strong Tes-
SA"W LEE LOOK FIRE
AT PROSTRATE VICTIM
UKIAH. July 16.— Two stages that left
this city at 2 o'clock this afternoon wete
held up by a lone highwayman between
here and Lakeport and the passengers
robbed of their money. One stage, driven
by Burt Bucknell. was bound for Blue
Lakes, Laurel ; Dell. Saratoga and Upper
Lake, while the other, driven by Ray
mond Hill, was en route to Potter Valley.
The two were close together, going in the
same direction, when at a point about one
mile beyond a wayside saloon called Fort
Brown, at'a turn of the road on an up
grade, the disguised highwayman sud
denly stepped out, presented a revolver
and ordered the drivers to stop. They
obeyed and the passengers, twenty in
number, were ordered to get out and line
up. Then they were commanded to throw
their purses on the ground and turn their
pockets out. No resistance was offered.
The passengers were outing tourists, on
their way to surrounding resorts. The
highwayman was a jolly fellow and had
considerable fun with his victims while
they were engaged in emptying their
pockets. About $400 was deposited in a
heap at the roadside before the drivers
were ordered to whip up. The passengers
were warned that if they valued their
personal safety they should refrain from
looking back. The stages then proceeded
to their destinations.
One of the passengers, who had $200 in
gold in his pocket, dropped the coin in the
road while the attention of the robber was
distracted and covered it with dust. He
went to Potter and then returned, and is
now hunting for this money.
As soon as news of the robbery reached
here Sheriff Smith left this city in pursuit
of the highwayman. The scene of the
robbery Is a deep canyon heavily wooded
and broken. It affords excellent oppor
tunities for the escape of the bandit.
Sheriff Smith and Deputy Archie Lav
ton returned late to-night from the scene
of the hold-up. No clew has been discov
ered, nor have the officers obtained any
description that will aid them in their in
vestigation. A few half dollars were
found on the road where the Blue Lakes
stage was stopped, evidently having been
dropped by the passengers as they were
waiting to be relieved of their coin. Dep
uty Sheriff Ornbaum is still on the ground.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Summer Resort Visitors Are
Relieved of Four Hun
dred Dollars.
Hold, Up Two Coaches
on the Ukiah-Lake
port Road.
STAGE ROBBER
HAS BUSY DAY
a negress companion in a dying condition
at 1 o'clock yesterday morning. She
passed away soon afterward, despite the
effort of physicians to restore her. To
day a Coroner's jury returned a verdict
that the woman came to her death from
the effects of poison administered by per
sons unknown.
Back of this tragedy there is a mystery
that promises to develop one of the great
est criminal sensations of the decade in
this State. Officials who are investigating
the case are working on the theory that
the woman wxs murdered because she
possessed knowledge that would have cent
to the gallows the perpetrators of an
other crime that was committed in this
city in 1898.
Three years ago a baker named Christ
suddenly disappeared. It was said that
he ¦was last seen in the company of some
rounders along Barbary Coast. Christ had
considerable money on his person and
sauntered into a low resort, where he was
robbed after a dose of chloral hydrate had
been administered to him in a glass of
beer. The body was said to have been
wrapped in a blanket and interred in a
field west of the depot.
Recently a quarrel arose in this saloon
find tome one openly charged that Christ
had been murdered in The place. Kate de
"Witt remarked that she knew who killed
the baker and threatened to expose the
murderers. .
That threat was the woman's death sen
tence. Two days later she was poisoned.
The officers believe that when they learn
who administered the fatal drug to Kate
de Witt they will have found the murder
ers of Baker Christ.
When Kate de Witt left her home Sun
day evening ani went to a saloon uptown
she •was in the best of spirits. She was
gone about an hour and was accompanied
home by two raen. She was found dying
two hours after they left her.
The stomach of the murdered woman
has been sent to a chemist in San Fran
cisco for analysis. The body was taken
to Gilroy for interment, the woman hav
ing relatives there whom she supported.
It is believed arsenic was the poison used.
HOLLISTER, July lS.-Kate de Witt, a
woman of the half-world, was found by
to Expose Slayers of
Baker Christ
Special Dispatch to The CalL
Pays Penalty for Threatening
Kate De Witt Poisoned
by Two Men in
Hollister.
MURDERERS SEAL
LIPS OF WITNESS
, PENNSYLVANIA --. SYSTEM of Rall
ways.v Office— 30 Montgomery street. •
¦ SAN MATEO, July 16.— San Mateo has
taken a, -great stride toward the front
rank : of suburban . residence districts by
deciding, by an overwhelming majority
in an -election, to bond the city for $27,500
to build four new bridges across San Ma
teo Creek. -The structures will be con
crete arches. The vote on the bond ques
tion stood: For the -bonds, 304; against. 19.
The city trustees will proceed at once with
the preparations' for commencing the
work. ;'
San Ma teo Votes for Bonds.
Special Ep worth League Excursion to
Los Angeles and Return, $15. 00.
Thursday, July 25. Good going on any
train, either Coast line or via Fresno.
Return limit August 31.' Stopovers. Fare
for Epworth Leaguers and friends only
$15-round trip. *-Offices of Southern Pa
cific.-613- Market street and Mechanics'
Pavilion.
High potiflcal mass was celebrated in
the college chapel, at which Bishop Mont
gomery, officiated. Rev. Father P. E. Mul
ligan of San Francisco was master of
ceremonies. Archbishop Riordan delivered
a congratulatory address. Rev. Joseph
Sasia of St. Joseph's of this city reviewed
the fifty years' existence of the school.
Father Gleason also spoke, *
•The visiting Sisters of Notre Dame have
been guests at the school for about ten
days, and they will be here several days
longer. The first eight days were spent in
retreat. Commencing to-morrow a re
union of the faculties of the various
schools of the State will be held, at which
the course of study will be discussed.
Twenty-five prominent clergymen from
various parts of the State were present.
These included the Most Rev. P. "W. Ri
ordan, Archbishop of San Francisco: the
Right Rev. George Montgomery, Bishop
of Los Angeles, and Fathers Gleason of
this city. Kenna of Santa Clara, Jacoby
of Los Gatos, Hassett of "Watsonville,
Raggio of Santa Clara, Calzla of San
Francisco,- Melchers of San Jose, and Vui
bert of Menlo Park.
SAN JOSE, July 16.— Two hundred mem
bers of the Sisters of Notre Dame Joined
in the celebration of a solemn pontifical
mass at the College of Notre Dame this
morning, when a religious ceremony com
memorating the semi-centennial of the
founding of the school was held. - The
gathering of two hundred Sisters of Notre
Dame was the largest of the kind ever re
corded in the West. There are eight schools
of the order in the State — the academies
at Santa Clara, "Watsonville, Alameda,
Redwood City, San Francisco and Marys
ville and the Notre Dame Institute and
Notre Dame College of this city. The
superiors of all these institutions and most
of the faculties were present. In the num
ber-were-three of the original five Sisters
who founded the Notre Dame School here
in 1851— Sisters Mary,- Aloysius and Cather
ine. Sister Mary was the one who picked
out the site for the San Jose school. All
three are still connected with the school
they aided in establishing.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Two Hundred Sisters
Attend Reunion at
San Jose.
JUBILEE RITES
IN NOTRE DAME
WOODLAND,, July 16.— At a public
meeting last night it was decided to es
tablish a public park and the necessary
committees to promote the enterprise
were appointed. j.>\; . . - •. _ ,. ,. . .: . ;
Woodland to Have . a Park.
DOWNIEVILLE, July 16.— Mrs. Charles
P. Willing, wife of a merchant at Sierra
City, attempted - suicide there this, after
noon by shooting herself over the heart'
She will die. Domestic trouble was the
cause.
Wearies of Domestic Woes.
LOS ANGELES, July 16.— At a special
meeting of Southern California vineyard
ists to-day an offer of $25 per ton for 2500
tons, of grapes was received and accepted
The. offer came from a' New .York firm
For twenty years . past the prevailing
price has been in the neighborhood of
$16 50 per ton and the best offer this year
from local wineries was $18 per ton. The
vines hereabouts are in excellent condition
and a crop of about 3500 tons is expected
High Price for Grapes.
SANTA ROSA, July 17.— Sheriff Grace
and Deputies Pool and Gamier to-day
captured ten boys who were trying to
escape from the Boys and Girls' Aid So
ciety's-camp in Cazadero. The boys were
swimming in a pool In Pocket Canyon
when Deputies Pool and Gamier swooped
down, cutting off their escape by secur
ing the clothes of all. .The boys were
taken to the jail in Guernevllle pending
the arrival of the society's officers from
Cazadero. • ¦
Runaway Boys Captured.
EUREKA, July 16.— This city is already
beginning to reap the benefits of the set
tlement of railroad litigation, which has
retarded its advancement- for the past
three years. It was announced to-day
that the Eel River and Eureka Railroad
Company would soon begin to extend its
road south from its terminus at Burnells
to a distance of fifteen miles. From this
point Colonel Draper will make a survey
to connect with the California and North
western extension at Willits. It Is be
lieved here that this move means that
Eureka is soon to be connected by rail
with the outside world.- The California
and Northwestern road, which Is an ex
tension of the Eel River and Eureka Rail
road on the north, will be completed to
Arcata, a distance of eight miles, in sixty
days.
California and Northwestern
Extension.
Eel River lane to Connect "With, tho
BAILS FROM ETJREKA
TO OUTSIDE WOELD
demand had been made upon the -flour
company by the employes up to the time
they were ordered out of the mill.
The men congregated about 100 yards
away from the mill and the superintend
ent, fearing trouble, called on the Chief of
.Police for protection.
The .Chief left for the scene with his
entire force and surrounded the mill. The
secretary arrived on the scene at this
moment and inquired into the trouble.
The men informed him of ¦ the circum
stance that brought them out. The su
perintendent of the mill drove up while
the secretary was talking to the men and
asked them to return to work. This they
refused .to do unless there would be an
increase in wages. The secretary of the
Warehousemen's Union held a long con
ferenca with the superintendent and a
proposition was made as to an increase in
wages and no dlstrimination against
union men. Superintendent Kimper asked
for ten minutes to confer with the pro
prietor of the mill, who ordered him to
reach an agreement pending the drawing
up of a schedule. The secretary ordered
all of the men back to work. The sched
ule will be presented before the expira
tion of this week and an, amicable settle
ment is looked for.
>ut when he believes he is not watched
le turns a malignant gaze upon his ques-
tioner. He is being kept in close confine
ment in a dark cell.
SUPPOSED MURDERER OF YOUNG HARRY BLOCHMAN OF SANTA
. MARIA, FOR WHOSE LIFE AN ANGRY POPULACE HAS BEEN
' CLAMORING FOR THE PAST TWO WEEKS.
The trouble arose over Superintendent
Himper calling the men together and say
ing that if there were any there in sym
pathy with the union they should be men
enough to step forward and say so.- Some
of the men stepped aside and he ordered
them out of the mill. A few minutes later
the mill men, hearing of the discharge of
their fellow workmen, left their posts. No
VALLEJO, July 16.— The warehouse
men at the Port Costa flour mills struck
at noon to-day. All of the men . in the
mill walked out A half hour later the
secretary of the Bay Counties' Warehouse
Men's Protective Association of Crockett
was sent for and came to Vallejo In a
sailboat. After a conference with the men
and a long talk with Superintendent Klm
per of the flour mill, he ordered all the
men ba.ck to work, pending a settlement
of grievances.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
Settlement Soon Fol
lows "Walk-Out
of Men.
POLICE GUARD
VALLEJO MILL
Kelso has a criminal cast of counte
nance. He will not look one in the eye,
While searching for the murderer Sheriff
Stewart learned that Kelso's father is a
harness-maker in Tulare, and he has two
sisters, one a bookkeeper at Santa Cruz
and the other a school teacher somewhere
near that city.
SAJCTA BARBARA, July 16.— Sheriff
Nat Stewart of this county and
Constable Blosser arrived from
San Luis Obispo this morning with
William Kelso in custody. They
feared an attempt might be made by the
enraged populace to take him from them
while passing through the Santa Maria
Valley and he was concealed under twenty
drummers' trunks in the baggage car.
However, there was no demonstration.
In an interview with Kelso this after
noon he said that he had not seen the ac
counts of the crime with which he was
charged. He declared that he left
Santa Maria on July 3, the day
before Harry Blochman was mur
dered, and that he was scarcely ac
quainted with the boy. He admitted that
he knew Harry Blochman by sight. Kelso
said he had been working at Santa Maria
two days, but could give no reason for
having left so soon. He said that he left
that place at about 6 o'clock in the even
ing; but Kincaid, his companion, who is
confined there, says that he could not
have departed that early. Both had been
drinking and Kelso was intoxicated early
in the evening, but later became sober
again. Kelso says Harry Blochman did
not give him 50 cents on the evening of
July 3, but witnesses will swear that he
did.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY " JtTLY 17, 1901.
Extraordinary Precautions Are Taken to Prevent a Lynching
While the Alleged Murderer of. Young Harry Blochman Is
Taken by Train From San Luis Obispo to Santa Barbara
OFFICERS HIDE SUSPECT KELSO
UNDER TRUNKS IN BAGGAGE CAR
3
Over-Work Weakens
DR. KILMER'S SWAMP-BOOT.
Your Kidneys,
Unhealthy Kidneys Make Impure Blood.
All the blood In your body passes through
your kidneys once every three minutes.
fThe kidneys are your
blood purifiers, they fil-
ter out the waste or
impurities in the blood.
If they are sick or out
of order, they fail to do
their work. \
Pains, aches and rheu-
matism come from ex-
cess of uric add in tho
blood, due to neglected
kidney trouble.
Kidney trouble causes quick or unsteady
heart beats, and makes one feel as though
they had heart trouble, because the heart is
over-working in pumping thick, kidney-
poisoned blood through veins and arteries.
It used to be considered that only urinary
troubles were to be traced to the kidneys,
but now modern science proves that nearly
all constitutional diseases have their begin-
ning in kidney trouble.
If you are sick you can make no mistake
by first doctoring your kidneys. The mild
and the extraordinary effect of Dr. Kilmer's
Swamp-Root, the great kidney remedy is
soon realized. It stands the highest for its
wonderful cures of the most distressing cases
and is sold on its merits frjg^*
by all druggists in fifty- gSjjtS^SCES^JHs^
cent and one-dollar siz-|S5a-!$ SH-Sali ¦
es. You nay have a 5355^^^^^^
sample bottle by mail Home of Swamp-Boot,
free, also pamphlet telling you how to find
out if you have kidney or bladder trouble.
Mention this paper when writing Dr. Kilmer
& Co., Blnghamton. N. Y.
W^MM^^^^ Any one who has ever ||
IN^llll^r bought one of our tailor- If
Iw^^^ made suits for $10.00 knows that |§
W&r^r*^ it is full worth the price — knows £3
mmff also that it is really worth more §1
Mmyf tnan $10.00, taking the ordinary tailor- m
eMMJ made clothing as a basis. .£3
fe^ By careful buying of the material, and fif
Wsa emoloying a labor-saving system of cutting H
JOT an^ making, we have reduced the making to. m
B At present we are eclipsing our usual $10.00 §1
m values — lately we took some regular $i2.co and |8f
M $15:00 goods, in light summer patterns, and put §f
m them in with the $10.00 suits. They will be *§j
B made up in the same careful mariner. fej
H . Order before the cloth of the higher-priced IS
.« goods is all gone — save when you can.° M
Jra Samples free — all you want. . fa,
¦ §m Suiis for out-of-iown customers satisfactorily made jM
H through our self-measuring system— writs for samples. |3
fi 718 Market Street and ||
H Cor. Powell and Eddy Streets. ||
Women Should Seek Relief, g
ffiffiaeaia The great proporlicn of women who suffer never make a serious effort to raja
B2s||»|gC •o^iwiajiil benefit themselves. The most of them go on paying no attention to their little J|w
yK J^fiBffl| menstrua! disorders, believing they will eventually wear off. But menstrua! ' fi||
troubles don't wear off. They grow worse and worse every day. " At the period ji||
/7®*~3! °^ menstruation a woman is peculiarly susceptible to cold and other external iP?
WM^^SJW iS| influences and it is also the most favorable time for the development of hidden |||f
w/SWTv^4^^ _^fi?P disease germs which may be lurking in the system. Any. physician knows that l|»9
ja^|£\l^O<?' sJ^XBSm <Iisor(lered menstruation, falling of the womb and leucorrhota are blighting lives My
W^^^^^^^C^^ in almost every home. No woman should neglect herself a moment after she sees Of
j^^^^^^^Jf^C^^^ indications of female disease. Almost instant relief can be secured by the use of IpsL
w*k. $^1^// t** M rt ' ievc >' ou ri 5^ in y° ur own home « Will you accept the teitimony of MS
\ m ji£mn' Mrs. Beigler and thousands of other women and really seek relief to-day ? All Run
druggists sell $1.00 bottles of Wine of Cafdui. l|9
*2& Your Vine of Cardul his done a world of good for me. I have used five bottles of the Wine and one package hk*
**k of Thedford'i Black-Draught And since I have started to use It 1 will not be without it In the house. It helped / Ka
%JA my titter In Toledo, who did not menstruate as she ought She was sixteen years of age and nothing else helped tin
her. I was in a very bad state myself before I used your medicines, but I found relief in three days. And now I 19
t^s feel like a new woman and do all my housework and washing, which I could not do before I took the Vine of Cardul. M
'1*4 I would be very glad to write any poor woman and tell her how I suffered before I used Wine of Cardul. lism
J§pl. For adrlc »nd literature, address, pi-ring symptoms, "Tho Ladles' Advisory MgJ
ppj- Department," The Chattanooga Medicine Company, Chattanooga, Tenn. RnWives, Daughters and Sweet
hearts of the Marksmen Ar
range Friday's Programme
Special Features of the En
• tertainment Are to Con
clude With a Grand Ball
FRIDAY will be ladles' day at
¦ Shell Mound Park, and tlia
Schuetzen Schwestern, the auxil
iary branch of the combined
shooting societies, has determined
to make it "the day" of the
Bundes Fest. The ladies take a
great interest in the doings of their fath
ers, brothers, husbands and sweethearts
and have determined that the part of the
festival which has been left to their di
rection shall redound to the credit of the
shooters. "-¦ •
. The marksmen and the members of tna
press are to be the ladies' particular
guests Friday. They will be received in
a specially designed and decorated tent
erected on the grounds.
The ladies put on a most mysterious air
when questioned about their arrange
ments. - They say, however, that ladies
flay of the festival shall long be remem
bered by the guests.
Mrs. E. H. Aigeltinger is chairman or
the committee which is arranging th»
day's programme. She has chosen a3 her
assistants the following matrons: Mrs.
L. Bauer, Mrs. J. D. Heise, Mrs. Frank
Koch, Mrs. Edward H. Goetze. Mrs.
Henry Stelling, Mrs. F. P. Schuster. Mrs.
J. Horstmeyer, Mrs. Dr. F. H. Cranz.
Mrs. John Thode and Mrs. Frank Rnst.
The festivities of the day will commence
at 10 a. m., when the ladles will hold a
general reception. They will banquet
their guests at noon, and at 1 o'clock will
invite them over to the butts, where the
ladles will give an exhibition of skill with
the rifles.
At 2 p. m. an open-air concert will b«
given, -which •wilt be followed by "Kaffes
Klatsch" and a reception to the press.
Between 6 and 8 p. m. the ladies will de
vote their attention to the schuet2er»
clubs. At 9 o'clock there will be a pyro
technic display. The day will be clcseO
with a grand ball, which .will last until
the last train departs. > ¦:< • .
Board of- Education Will Fill Several
Vacant Positions at To-Day's-
Meeting.
The Board of Education will make a
number of transfers and assignments to
positions to-day. Principal among these
xv 111 be the reorganization of the English
department of the Lowell High School,
made vacant -by the promotion of E. A.
Kellogg to the principalship of the Hamil
ton Grammar School. C. C. Tcung. who
is now head" of the classical department,
will succeed KeIW?g and Young's position
will be filled by the election of a new
teacher named M. Gleason of San Jose.
The board will also fill the vacant prin
clpaiships of the Spring Valley Grammar
and Cooper Primary schools.- In all prob
ability Miss Jeannette Wade will be
elected vice principal of the Jean Parker
School. T. B. White will return to hi3
duties as principal of the Washington
Grammar School after a long leave of ab
stnee. A place v/ill have to be provided
shortly for Ebenezer Knowlton, whoso
period of suspension from the vice prin
cipalsh'ps of the Everett School will ex
pire on September 1, 1301.
NEW ASSIGNMENTS TO
LOWELL HIGH SCHOOL
Fred Kuhnle of the California Schuetzen
Club of Petaluma shot well. On the
standard American target he made 46 out
of a 60 and on the ring 68 out of 75.
Otto Bremer made the first bullseye of
the day. D. B. Faktor secured the last
one.
John Hauerwaas of the Los Angeles
Turner Verein, Germania section, set
tongues wagging when he made 75 out of
a possible 80 on the man target. On
the point target Haurewaas' performance
was over 300 and he thus won a silver and
a gold medal and a cup. Hauerwaas uses
a rifle with a native redwood stock.
sured of at least a $5 return and if his
three shots add up the highest on this
target he will get an additional $100.
Though In good form, 'Hintermann did not
care to try the companion honorary tar
get yesterday. He left the Eureka alone,
reserving that for a future day. Hinter
mann is a member of thev,Gruetli Shoot
ing Section. So great was his Joy at the
announcement of the score that he treated
all his brothers.
Out of a possible 18 on the bear target
F. W. Belknap of Los Angeles made 15.
This Is the best score up to date on the
bruin.
. . " to Switzerland.
PARIS, July 16.— Owing to the ill-health
of M. Jules Geurin, who on. January 4,
1900, was sentenced by the French "; Sen
ate, sitting: as a high bourt, to ten years'
confinement in a fortified place for con
spiracy against the Government, the
Government has now, commuted 'Guerin's
period of imprisonment to banishment.
•Guerin was taken from his cell in jail
soon after midnight last night .by . police
agents, who subsequently put him on
board . a train going in the direction : of
Basle, Switzerland.
¦ - ¦ : — ? - ¦' - ¦ ¦• ¦
Fire Destroys j a Jewish Section.
LONDON, July 16.— Fire destroyed the
Jewish quarter of the town of New Bids
chow, Bohemia, yesterday. There -'were
POOR HEALTH SAVES
aUEBJN FBOM PBJSON
French Government Makes His Pen
alty Banishment and He Is Sent
HUENEME, July 16.— Miss Lucy -A. Kel
ley of New York City was united In mar
riage to-day to Charles C. Perkins, son
of Hon. "W. T. Perkins • of , this city.
Bishop Joseph Johnston of Los Angeles,
assisted by Rev. Duncan Mackenzie, rec
tor of Hueneme Parish, performed the
ceremony in the Episcopal church.
Miss Anna Perkins, sister of the groom,
was the bride's only attendant. Charles
K. Field of San" Francisco was best man.
After the ceremony a wedding breakfast
was served on the lawn. Mr. and Mrs.
Perkins left for Los Angeles. They will
reside In San Francisco.
Mr. Perkins is ¦ connected with the
Union Oil Company.
A pleasant feature of the wedding
breakfast was the announcement ¦ of the
engagement of Miss Marylyn Main of
Santa Barbara to Chester A. Thomas of
Los Ansreles, . -.-: .:-{• ' :':."¦
Marriage to Miss Lucy A. Kelley
of New York.
Bishop Johnston Officiates at His
CHABIiES C. PETtKTNTS OP
HTJENEME A BENEDICK
Hintermann's three consecutive bulls
eyes on the Germania target was the fea
ture of the day's shooting. Three red
flags in succession is no mean perform
ance and Hintermann' is anxiously await
ing the accounting of points to see just
.what his prize will amount to. He is as-
The highest scores of the day on the
principal targets were made by Theodore
Geisel of Massachusetts with a score of
72 on the ring; J. Hauerwaas of 'Los An
geles with a score of 75 on the man tar
get; D. B. Faktor, 48 on the. standard ; D.
W. McLaughlin, same score on the same
target, and F. W. Belknap of Los Angeles
with 15 on the bear target.
Best Scores Made.
The conditions were favorable for good
shooting -yesterday. A light and not a
very annoying wind blew across the
ranges. When the fog cleared in the
morning the light was fine and unvary
ing. Toward the end of the day, when
the sun is in the deep western sky,' many
of the shooters cast aside their reserve
and ping away for glory and a prize.
They seem to like the conditions better
in the late afternoon hours. . ; ,
them. Hayes left early in the day for
San Francisco.
HINTERMANN
REGISTERS A
BIG SCORE
GruetU Verein Shooter* Car
ries Off the Honors by a
\ Series of Bullseye Shots
WHKN" tb.© mists of morn -were
being: dissipated by a dila
tory sun and the modern
goths with theosophic and
transmigratery souls In their
breasts fell- to their work
at the Shell Mound ranges
yesterday every small boy, man or woman
In the place knew that It would be a busy
day. Tbe cro*vd that sizrg-ed. round the
shooting- boxes looked for Teutonic Incur
sions and dissertations on. the. art of shoot
ing. They were dtsapoirdted. There was
nothing theoretical about the third, day of
the Third National Bundes Shooting Fes
tlvaL Every feature erf tt was practical
and full of the modern noise of rifles
when they spit fire and land their leaden
missives upon a^target-some 200 yards dis
tant.
Cracks Shy at Shooting.
The second day of shooting was an in
crease on the first. 'Zh.& third day
doubled tbe Incremental value of the
second. And so It will gro itntil the close
of the fest. Enough lead was splattered
on targets yesterday to kill off an army
corps or two. Some of the shots fired
went to good advantage; others were
wasted, not upon the desert air, but on
the white places of the target The
crack shots, those men whose chests are
double lined with medals of every de
scription and character, looked askance
at the 200-yard objective points of peace
ful war. They literally shied at shooting.
When the Rhine wine warms their blood
and stiffens their nerves they will v/alk
Into the glass cases and shoot for the
honorary prizes, which a thankful com
munity has liberally provided. This will
be any day now, for the Schuetzen fest
has got into their veins. That means
that they must shoot.
• Festival Is a Success.
Until yesterday there was some doubt
about the success or non-success of this
festival There is no question of it now,
for the third day's puffing and smoking
of puns In their continuous rattle was a
positive indication of a happy and suc
cessful termination of this national shoot
ing carnival. The ticket sellers were kept
busy and the shooting secretaries re
eharpened their pencils more than once
as they jotted down the scores of the
ambitious. i
Not until the afternoon the ranges
really crowded. When th« matutinal aspi
rants took to the long lunch tables scat
tered through the park an hour's cessa
tion from noise and explosive tumult was
installed. Then- the gay New York con
tingent was missed. Toasts with the good
Rhine wine were not lacking, nor were
the national songs, but the tall, familiar
figure of Captain Webur and his general
band of happy marksmen, like the pro
verbial school boy on a vacation, were not
to bo found. All of them have gone sight
seeing through the State. Del Monte,
Catalina and Coronado will be visited in
turn and then they will return to take
part in the shooting on Saturday.
Hardly, has the third national shooting
festival settled into the routine of its
dally course when on every side one hears
talk about the fourth. Colorado wants it,
bo does Milwaukee, and both are fighting
for It. The Denver advocates shout for
their city, claiming that it Is centrally lo
cated and far better situated for such af
fairs. "Not so," asseverate the Milwaukee
visitors, and besides that they Bay in
the next breath: "Look at our breweries."
Bets are being laid on the result of the
fight.
Afternoon's the Thing.
Quite a few visitors dropped into the
park in the afternoon. The life of the fes
tival is a negative quantity in the fore
noon, but when the sun has taken Its
westward incline the guests come in from "
every side and make the best of an im
promptu picnic. The music In the pavil
ion and in the track stand draws quite an
audience. It is a different kind from the
harmony and melody of the rifle ball, but
just as popular Tslth the ladies. The favcr
ite place for promenade and loitering is on
the platform back of the shooting boxes.
Here the great, free and frolicsome life
of the national shooter goes on. The
crowd has caught the spirit— the ' Rhine
wine spirit.' That in itself augurs succees.
Some time during the afternoon William
-Wolff , H. G. Lally and W. J." Davis of
this city visited the grounds. They tried
the ranges for a few shots, but soon sur
rendered to marksmen more experienced
and more skillful. They then found
themselves at the table fixtures on the
platform. The bottles popped and the
crowd grew . one by one as the toasts
grew longer and thicker in number.
• • ;- - Shooting Moderately Good.
The shooting was not of such high
caliber yesterday as on the preceding
day. There were no Henderson or
Schmld ' performances, and" none of the
very big 1 men stepped to the ranges for
registration, but any number of moder
ately good shots blazed axvay at tho tar
gets, scoring fair averages. William
Hayes, king of his republican country,
'was again on the scene. He was busy
with his cartridges and his guns, but he
did not shoot. He, too, is working him»
self into the spirit, and one of these fine
days will be found in the ranges punch
ing holes in targets Just like tbe rest of
Performanceion the*Germania
Target the Best of Ail the
K Honorary Soores Up to Date
RIFLEMAN WHO MADE A BIG SCORE YESTERDAY AND S01VIE OF THE EXPERT MARKSMEN AT RANGE.
what has been accomplished in athletics
on this coast. It Is expected to be a gala
night at the club. ,
Prize Winners.
Those who wen prizes yesterday were:
Silver goblets — J. Hauerwaas, Los Angeles;
J. Gruehler, Sacramento; . Dr. F. Schumacher,
San Jose; D. B. Faktor and Philo Jacoby, San
Francisco. ¦¦....
Gold medals— D. B. Faktor, B. Jonas. A. H.
Pape, Captain Fred A. Kuhls, George Tam
meyer, Captain Fritz Attinger, August Jung
blut, Fred H. Bushnell, all of San Francisco;
James Busifleld, Massachusetts; Dr. F. Schu
macher, George Keffel and John McMillan, of
San Jose; W. H. French. Colorado.
Silver medals — Otto Bremer, G. J. Tammeyer,
A. H. » Pape, T. J. Carroll, F. M. Blasae,
George N. Ahrens,. Emil Berckmann, New
York; Herman Huber. L. J. Reubold..R. Gute,
New Yortt; John McMillan,. San Jose; D. W.
McLaughlln, . J. Meyer,' Sacramento; F. H.
Bushnell, George Quittmeyei 1 ; Cincinnati; J. F.
Bridge, E. Bridge. ¦ Vermont; J. P. Dele
hunty, A. Gehret, F. P. Schuster, E. H. Ladd.
Louts Bendel, C. M. Henderson, F. C. Ross,
New York;\J. Gefken, F. E. Mason, A. Bertel
sen,.A. Hintermann, J. Kullmann. J. Mocker,
C. Meyer. J. Rlechers. Fred Brand.- Louis N.
Ritzau, Captain John Thode, J. D. Feldermann,
E. Hovey, A. Rahwyler, A. B. Dorrell, Henry
Wicker. J. TV. Goetze, A. Breuss. O. H.,Wes
cott, Dr. M. E. Taber. Los Angeles; W. E.
Maxcy, San Jose; H. H. Uckotter, Cincinnati ;
L. P. Hansen, Jersey City.
Many New Marksmen Enter.
tered yesterday:
The following visiting marksmen regis-
Emil Berckmann, Hoboken Independent
Schuetzen Coids, Hoboken. N. J. ; Captain C.
Martens, Hoboken Schuetzen Corps, Hoboken.
N. J.: Captain Herman Weber, Independent
New. York Schuetzen, New York; L. Vogel,
Heidcnrich Rifle Club. New York; Julius Salo
mon, Garden City Rifle Club. Chlcasro: C.
Bridge, Bellows Falls, Vt.; H. H. Uckotter,
Cincinnati Rifle Club, Cincinnati, Ohio; J. A.
Ricker, Denver Rifle Club Denver, Colo.; E.
D. Neff. Germanla Turner Schuetzen. Los An
geles; George Qulttmeyer, Bridgeport Schuet
zen Corrs, Bridgeport, Conn.; F. S. Speth.
Cincinnati .Rifle Club, Cincinnati. Ohio: Emll
Berg, Davenport, la.; E. F. Rlchter, Milwau
kee, • Wis. : Frank Mathle. Wauwatoosa. WIs. :
J. G. McMillan, San- Jose Rifle Club, San Jose;
John.B. Haeenbuchle. Independent New York.
Schuetzen. New York; E. A. Weber. San Jose
Rifle Club, .San Jose: Captain Fred Kuhnle,
Petaluma; Jacob Gruehler, Helvetia Rifle Club,
Sacramento; L.. P. Hansen. Zettler Rifle Club,
Jersey City. N.' J. ; Lewis E. Aubury^ Lc« An-
Eeles Sharpshooter.
Wyoming Ranchman Murdered and a
FOUND NEAR HIS CABIN
WITH HIS SKULL CRUSHED
Large Amount of Money He
> Possessed Missing. :
CO1}Y, Wyo., July 16.— The body of Sam
uel Cartson, a ranch man. .residing at the
Natural. Corral, twenty miles from Cody,
ha«« been found some- distance from his
cabin with a bullet wound in the shoulder.
The face was crushed and beaten. In his
cabin evidences of a struggle were found.
A considerable amount of money which
CartEon.was known to possess is missing.
Cartson had not been seen alive for two
weeks. ¦ ¦ '¦*'¦'.: ¦ •:
Ship From Portland in Distress. *
LONDON, July 16.— The German ship
Arthur. Fulger, Captain Denker, from
Portland, Or., March 25 for Queenstown.
was spoken on June 25 in latitude 22
north. . longitude 28 west, with her fore
topgallant, ir.izzen and main royal masts
eona. ",;<¦¦ -^':'.'
MINISTERS IN DENVER
PLAN A BIG CRUSADE
Advisability of a Vigilance Commit-
tee to Remove the Thug Element
Is Considered. ."' .
DENVER, July. 16:— The ministers of
this city are considering the advisability
of organizing a vigilance committee." The
idea is to overthrow thug -rule. -They
say they will work in conjunction with the
police department, but it is -possible that
the police force may be an . entirely su
perficial contingent.
Although it is against the thugs that
the ministers will primarily direct their
attention, the work which they propose
to do at once is only preliminary, to the
really gigantic scheme they have under
consideration— looking to the uplifting of
the entire community, i ¦ They propose to
establish an organization of power as far
reaching as Tammany's in New York
City, but with a View to establishing law
and 1 order instead of political, supremacy.
The plan for this organization was pre
iiaxed. by a, JucUrc now on t.ha hpnrh.
KNTFE THRUST IN NECK
OE MAYOR OF ALGIERS
Assailant of the Executive Is Ar-
rested and a Serious Riot
Follows. • '
O&AN, Algeria, July 16.— While Max
Regis, the anti-Semite' Mayor of Algiers,
was going to the Casino to-night he was'
severely stabbed in the neck. Ills assail
ant was arrested. .Rioting followed and
thirty persons were taken into custody,
among them Louis Regis.
Passengers Leave a Sinking Ship.
NEW LONDON, j Conni; July 17.— Th'j
steamer Fremont of the Joy line,. In a
sinking condition, and nil the passengers
and crew taken off by the steamer City of
Lowell, was the news that Captain' H. E.
McDowell of the steamer City ofWorces
ter brought to this port at 2:20 this mom-
Ing*" The Fremont was in, collision with
another steamer, but the particulars were
not ohtninnhle. .'. '>..- ¦.¦yT'-fv- i ; i
•The time for the shooting for the Na
tional Guard teams has been changed to
Saturday, Juno 20, at 1 o'clock.
"All Peoples' Day."
A large crowd is expected at the bundes
fest to-day, as it has been designated "All
Peoples' Day." Ritzau's band of soloists
will render the following programme in
the afternoon: >
March, "Third National . Bundes Festival"
(Ritzau); "The Merry Wives of Windsor"
(Nlcolal); waltz de concert, "On the Beautiful
Rhine" (Keler Bela): duet for cornet and eu
phonium, "Miserere" (Verdi), L. N. Ritzau
and John Hobbs; grand operatic ' selection,
"Cavalleria Rusticana" (Mascagni); overture,
"Mignon" (Thomas); celebrated sextet from
"Lucia" (Donizetti); xylophone solo by H. G.
Oliver; "Le Reveil du LJon" (De Kontski);
march, "Greeting to Hanover" (Losey); musi
cal replies In the Swiss mountains (Mlchaells);
Idyl, "The Forge in the Forest," '(Mlchaells).
The sharpshooters will be the guests of
the Olympic Club at the clubhouse this
evening, attending the exhibition especial
ly arranged by the club for the benefit of
the visitors, many of whom are athletes
of some renown. The Olympics have made
special efforts to show the visitors what
a California athletic club looks like and
RANGES ARE CROWDED AT SHELL MOUND PARK
WITH MARKSMEN EAGER FOR HONORS AND PRIZES
THE SAN PANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JULY 17, 1901.
LADIES DAY
FEATURE OF
FESTIVAL
4
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
SENT FREE TO MEN!
Quickly Restores Lest Vigor
to Men.
A Most Remarkable Remedy Thit
A Free Trial Pack asra Sei-t by Mall
to All Who Write.
Free trial packages of a most remark-
able remedy are being mailed to all W h6
will write the State Medical Institute.
They cured so many men who had bat-
tled for years against the mental and
physical suffering of lost manhood that
the Institute has decided to distribute free
trial packages to all who write, it Is a
home treatment, and all men who suffer
from any form of sexual weakness result-
Ing from youthful folly, premature losa
of strength and memory, weak back, varl-
cocele or emaciation of parts can now
cure themselves- at home.
The remedy has a peculiarly grateful
effect of warmth and seems to act direct
to the desired location, giving strength
and development just where it Is needed
It cures all the ills and troubles that come
from years of misuse of the natural func-
tions and ha3 been an absolute success in
all cases. A request to the State Medical
Institute. 328 Elektron building. Fort
Wayne. Ind.. stating that you desire on«
of their free trial packages, will be corn:
plied with promptly. The Institute Is d-
sirous of reaching that great class of men
who are unable to .leave home to bo tr«*»t
ed. and the free samples will enable them
to see how easy it is to be cured of se4
ual weakness when the proper remedies
are employed. The Institute makes nn
restrictions. Any man who writes will h«
sent a free sample, carefully sealed in a
plain package, so that Its recipient need
have no. fear of embarrassment or oub-
li( ?ll y - t^ eadCTS «e requested to write
wit bout delay. . ¦THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JULY 17, 1901. .
5
two ACTRESSES
COMMIT SUICIDE
Ida and Edith YoelandJ
Take Poison and
Die Together.
Sisters Are Disappointed at
Failing to Secure an
Engagement.
— • — - .
LONDON. July 16.— Ida and Edith Yoe
lar.d. actresses, 25 and 21 years old respec
tively, committed suicide together by tak
ing poiscn in their rooms in London to
day.
About noon Edith called their landlady
and tcld the latter she and her sister had
taken poison. She asked the landlady; to
pet a cab and put herself and her sister
in it and promised they would leave the
house without creating a scene. Upon 1
Going upstairs the landlady found Ida
dead. Edith died on the way to tho hos- \
pitaL / ',v\
Ida had been engaged at the Duke of
York's Theater under the management
of Charles Frohman for three years. She I
scored a great success in tho production
of "The Swashbuckler" and had filled
Evelyn Millard's part of Lady Ursula at
the Duke of York's Theater in Anthony
Hope's play. '"The Adventures of Lady
Ursula." in 1S93 during Miss Millard's ill
ness. Edi'-h Yoeland onco played a part
in "Ncli Gwyiili."
Both the women had rccently-been with
out engagements and they w«4re bitterly
disappointed at failing to secure an ex
pected engagement.
The landlady of the Yoeland sisters,
whoso name is ColJaghan, said to-day that
Edith Yoeland told her yesterday that her
sister Ida was seriously disappointed, as
she had expected to go to the United
Slates with E. S. Willard's company, but
had received a note from Frohman's as-
Fb»tant saying there was no chance for
her to do so.
Krohman said to-night that he had
known the Yoeland sisters favorably for
a number of years, but that they had had
no negotiations with him concerning the
Amcncan tour. Frohman said that if
any negotiations had been entered on In
this direction they had been carried on
with Willard. •
NEARLY A MILLION
ON THE PENSION BOLL
Commissioner Evans of the Rational
Bureau Reports Upon. Increase
in Expenditures.
"WASHINGTON. July 16.— Reports have
been received by Commissioner Evans of
the Pension Bureau from all the pension
agents of the country showing the en
tire pension business transacted for the
fiscal year ending June SO last. The show
ing thus made compared with 1900 fol- ,
lows:
The appropriation for the two years
was the same, 5144,000.000 for each year.
The expenditure for 1901 was $133,531,494.
an excess over 1900 of £23,354. During the
yrar the pension rolFwas increased to the
extent of 4305 names, making a total of
r37,S34. The deaths among pensioners
numbered S8.0S2 in 1901, or 2275 more than
:n 1900. The records show that for^ the
year 45,710 claims were filed on account
of the Spanish-American war. Of these
7806 were allowed and 7031 were adjudi
cated ana rejected.
1-vo Day Excursions to Palo Alto, San
Jose, Del Monte, Monterey and
Pacific Grove.
Leiive Monday, Tuesday, Thursday. Fri
day next week. Round trip, Epworth
T-eagxiers and friends, SS.50, Including ho
tels and Seventeen-mile Drive at Del
Monte. Southern Pacific offices, 613 Mar
kof street. Third and Townsenrl streets.
Valenctx street and Mechanics' Pavilion.
T*-*r'» A*"-p«-Trent With Canadn.
NEW YORK, July I6.-At a meeting of
the beard of directors ol the Merchants*
Association held to-day resolutions were
passed urging the President and Congress
to take immediate and effective steps that
v.il! result in the consummation of a mu
tually advantageous reciprocal trade
agreement between the United States and
PUBLIC WORKS MINISTER
IS SHOT AT BY A WOMAN
Mme. Olzewsky, Whose Husband Has a Grievance Against
the French Government, Fires a Revolver at Pierre
Baudin, Who Is Mistaken for "Minister Delcasse
PARIS. July 16.— Pierre Baudin.
Minister of Public Works, was
shot at while driving to a Cabi
net meeting at the Elysee Palace
to-day by a woman, who was ac
companied by a 10-year-old child. She
approached M. Eaudin's carriage andsud
denly drawing a revolver fired at the Min
ister. M. Baudin was not hit and pro
ceeded to the Elysee Palace.
The woman was arrested and gave her
name as Olzewsky, and said she lived at
I Naterre. Her husband Is a Pole and was -
! an architect at Nice until 1894. She as
' scrts that she had no intention of hitting
M. Baudin. but that she flred her revolver
I in the air to draw attention to an alleged
grievance of her husband. Her husband
is described as Count Olzewsky, a natural
ized Frenchman, holding a Government
receivership In the neighborhood of Paris.
He believes he Is being deprived of money
due him by the Ministry of Foreign Af
¦ fairs.
Madame Olzewsky appears, according to
later accounts, to have flred her pistol in
the air when M. Baudin's carriage -was
passing. She said she thought M. Del
casse. Minister of Foreign Affairs, was in
the carriage. Her grievance was based
upon the fact that In 1S9G her husband.
Count Olzewsky. was inveigled in Xice
across the frontier to Italian territory,
where he was arrested on false denuncia
tion as a spy. He was released a month
later and asked the French Government,
through the Ministry of Foreign Affairs.
to demand of Italy, the payment of 100,000
francs compensation, asserting that his
arrest had ruined his business. Ho re
ceived from the Foreign Office sums
amounting to 9SO0 francs and his position
as tax collector or receiver for the Gov
ernment, worth 2800 francs a year. He
and his wife were dissatisfied and fre
quently bothered M. Delcasse. Madame
Olzewsky was . so importunate that she
was several times expelled from the build
ing of the Department of Foreign Affairs.
She knew neither M. Delcasse nor M. Bau
din.. She declares that M. Delcasse owes
her considerable money for information
and services rendered France.
POPE'S MOST
KEEN INTEREST
Cardinal Gibbons Tells
How Leo Watches
/ Events.
? i —
LONDON, July 16.— Cardinal Gibbons
was entertained at dinner to-night at the
Brazilian legation, and several distin
guished peers and diplomats were pres
ent. To a correspondent he said:
"I hope to meet Cardinal Vaughan, who
will return to London to-morrow, and
spend several daya with him. I shall de
vote the next few weeks to rest in Eng
land and Ireland. I had a delightful time
in Rome where apparently the miraculous
health and strength of the Pope are the
subject of constant surprise.
"The interest displayed by the Pope in
the United States is as intense as ever,
and he is thankful to know that the pro
gress of the church in the United States
keeps pace with America's commercial de
velopment. He astonishes every one by
his powers of memory and his familiarity
with every detail of American life.
"I have been myself in many countries
in Europe, and have returned to the Unit
ed States each time more convinced of the
wonderful future in store for us if -we
maintain the educational, religious "and
commercial progress so well begun.
"So far as the Philippines are concerned,
there are many problems, including the
disposition of church. property, which the
Holy See is anxious to have solved on the
basis of fairness which characterizes the
American policy generally. It is impos
sible for me to discuss the recent church
legislation In Prance. It has given the
Pope some concern, but it Is a local mat
ter, of which I cannot talk.
"It had been hoped that the new Lon
don cathedral might be dedicated syn
chronously with the coronation of King
Edward, and, as I have been Invited to
GOMEZ AROUSES
THE POLITICIANS
Statements of the Gen
eral Provoke a\
Discussion.
?— —
HAVANA, July 16.— The commission ap
pointed to consider methods of reforming |
the tariff has finished its report The ,
commission of the constitutional conven
tion to draw up a project for the election
law, considering how best to offset the
question of universal .suffrage, has also
reported. It has been proposed to make
It compulsory for candidates to fulfill cer
tain conditions — that is, they must be
property owners and ,well educated. Re
garding provincial councils it is proposed
to have members elected by districts in
stead of by whole provinces. This, it is
claimed, will give the local leaders -a
chance to force their candidature and may
be popular with the radical element. It is
likely that the imposition of property and
educational qualifications will be opposed
by some of the more radical delegates. It
is claimed the new project will have many
opponents. . .
Replies made by General Maximo Go
mez to questions asked him since his re
turn by representatives of the pre3s are
considered mere evasions and an attempt
to shuffle out of the position in which he
finds himself. Some think he went un
necessarily far in saying that annexation
was the destiny of Cuba/whereas otners
think that by making such statements as
he is credited with having made In the
United States he gave the radicals a hard
blow, which he should follow up.
A -»¦¦» »¦ ».-?--» ¦<¦?¦¦?¦»¦ i t t » • * « ' • "• « • ' » « ' • a
take part In the ceremony, I naturally
hoped that it might occur next summer.
But to-day I saw the vast building : for
the first time, and I perceived, that there
was too much to be done to assure a ded
lcatjoo, In 1902/' . :-____. ".: ......; _—
EAGLE SCREAMS
IN FAR JAPAN
Notable' Fourth of July
Celebration Held at
Yokohama.
. ¦ ¦ ¦ - , ¦. t~. .
Filipinos Crowding Into Mi
kado's Empire for
Education.
YOKOHAMA, July 5 (via" Victoria, B.
C). July 16.— American Btock is booming
In Japan at an unprecedented rate. The
celebration of the Fourth of July yester
day transformed Yokohama into a veri
table American town and the scene at
noon, when the warships in the harbor
joined in the salute, responding to tho
shore festivities, was a most inspiring
one. The day closed with an exhibition
of fireworks.
The honors to be paid on the expected
arrival of General MacArthur from the
Philippines will at least equal those re
cently accorded to ?Field Marshal von
Waldersee, and everything possible will
be done to testify to the • genuine respect
and affection In which the empire holds
the American republic.
A potable feature of the time Is the in
flux of Filipinos, who are now arriving in
large and. increasing numbers. They are
mostly of. the better class and seem to bo
coming for the educational advantages
which Japan affords. Already they are
winning high praise for their general good
behavior and their eagerness to learn.
Another sign of the times is the move
ment on foot for the general teaching of
the Russian language in the empire. It is
felt that events are rapidly shaping them
selves to bring Russia into closer con
tact with all national and commercial re
lations here, it being recognized that th6
northern power is to be the most impor
tant factor in Oriental politics and trade.
The growth of the JIji Shimpo, the lead
ing journal of the metropolis, well illus
trates how thoroughly Western and espe
cially American. ideas are dominating the
country. The special "editions of the pa
per on important occasions and holidays
rival in size and in special features the
leading Journals of New York. The lat
est enterprise inaugurated by it is the
adoption of the "fresh air fund" move
ment, and large numbers of children from
the streets of the capital are now being
sent into -the country for outings of a
week or more. The movement is attract
ing much attention .and will doubtless be
emulated by. many . other . metropolitan
journals. , -
The financial- situation Is slowly 1 but
steadily improving, the altered aspect of
Chinese affairs being " felt and political
matters at home being unusually quiet
and. stable. .
ARRIVAL OF CONCORD
DISTURBS THE OFFICIALS
Navy Department Awaits a Mesage
Explaining Why the Gunboat
Is at Seattle. :
"WASHINGTON, July 16.— The Navy De
partment has received a telegram .from
Lieutenant Commander Henry ! Mlnett,
executive officer of the gunboat Concord,
announcing the arrfval of that vessel at
Seattle this morning. The announcement
occasioned no little surprise, inasmuch as
the Concord was recently ordered home
from the Asiatic station and :sent to"
Alaska to assist in enforcing the liquor
laws In that locality and carrying on the
work formerly performed. by the gunboat
Wheeling.
Lieutenant Commander Minett said that
Commander ICnox of the Concord was ill.
leaving it to be supposed that this was the
cause cf the Concord's unexpected re
turn to Seattle. The department imme
diately wired for full particulars of this
move of the Concord which had not the
sanction of the . Navy Department. A
vessel's undirected abandonment of her
post constitutes a rather serious offense
under ordinary circumstances, but pend
ing- further . details- . of-^the.' occurrence
judgment is suspended' at the Navy De
partment. . ¦ ,
Daily Epworth League Excursions to
Southern California July 18 to
August 15.
.Southern Pacific sells Epworth- Leaguers
and friends round trip tickets to Southern
California, including San Jose, Santa Bar
bara, Los Angeles, Riverside, Redlands,
San Bernardino. Santa Ana, Pasadena,
Pomona. Long Beach and Santa Monica,
! for $19.50, limit August 31. Stopovers
everywhere. San Diego, Catalina, Mount
Lowe, Del Monte and Santa Cruz slight
extra charge. Call at Southern Pacific of
fices. 613 Market street and Mechanics'
Pavilion.
¦ » ¦
Raid on New York Poolrooms.
NEW YORK, July 16.— The Society for
the Prevention, of Crime to-day raided
two alleged poolrooms uptown and se
cured thirteen prisoners and a, truckful
of paraphernalia. One of the places raid
ed, is said to have catered to a select set
of people exclusively and to have been
safe from interference for years. A fight
was made to keep out the raiders, but the
resistance was soon overcome.
¦ ? ¦
Arrives With Her Cargo Shifted.
MELBOURNE,- July 16.— It is reported
here that he Norwegian bark Passepar
tout, -which sailed from Vancouver, B. C,
April 11. has been towed into Sydney, N.
S. W., her destnation. with her cargo
shifted. " ¦ ¦ .•
UNCLE SAM'S SOLDIERY
COSTLIEST ON EARTH
WASHINGTON, July 16.— That the United States had tlie most ex
pensive army In the T»-orld Is established by figure* given by the
Office of Military Information in its latest publication of notes of
military Interest. This comparative table is presented:- .
M. PIERRE BAUDIN. THE MIN
ISTER OF PUBLIC WORKS
OF FRANCE.WEDNESDAY. ......' ......JULY I7> 1901
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Atiitst All Coazn«nle»tioa« U W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
W.VXACnirs OFFICE Telephone Press SO4
pmTLl^ATIOjrOFFICE... Market and TUird, S. F v
Telephone Press 201.
EDITORIAL KOOMS 31T to 221 Stevenson St.
Telephone Prens 202.
Delivered by Carrier*. 15 Cent* Per Week.
Single Copies. B Cents.
Terms by Mail. Including Postages
DAILY CALL (inducing Sunday), one year ~ J«.OO
DAILY CALI» (including Sunday). 6 months.... ».00
DAILT CALL. (Including Sunday). S months 1.50
DAILY CALL— By Single Month "So
6UNDAT CALL. One Tear " l.»
WEEKLY CALL, On« Tear l-«
All postmasters nre nntnorlied to recelTC
- subscriptions.
Eampis copies •will b« forwarded vrhen requested.
Mail subscriber* In orderly change of address should ba
particular to elve both ?::i:W AND OLD ADDRESS in order
to Insure a prompt and correct compliance with their request.
OAKLAND OFFICE HIS Broadway
C. GEORGE KROGSESS.
Ktsiger rcreign AdrertUlag, Hirgvette Buildlag, CMsig*.
(Less Distance Telephone "Central J619.")
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C C CABLTO5. ........ ... ...... .Herald S««»re
NEW TORK REPRESENTATIVE:
ITEPHES B. SMITH 3O Tribune Buildlnff
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf-Artorla Hotel; A. BrenUao, n Union Square;
Murray Bill HoteL
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
enerman House; P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel;
Fremont Honse; Auditorium Hotel.
DRAJTCn OFFICES— EJ7 Montgomery, corner of Clay, open
until 9:K> o'clock. SCO Hayes, open until 9:30 o'clock. 633
McAllister, open until 9:30 o'clock. 615 Larkln, open until
• :» o'clock. 1941 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 2261 Market,
corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock. VQt Valencia, open
ontll 9 o'clock. 106 Eleventh, open until 9 o'clock. NW.
corner Twenty-second and Kentucky, open until 9 o'clock.
2200 Fill mere, open until 9 p. m.
jgj BUMMER RATES at Hotel j del Coronado,
Coronado Beach, Cal.. effective after April 13,
$60 for round trip, Includinj 15 days' at hotel
Pacific Coast's. S. Co.! 4 New Montgomery «c
An octogenarian in a little Illinois town married his
son's widow the other day and endowed her with a
fortune. Some women in acquiring riches give more
than they get
A student who is reported to have written very
learnedly on "Fifty Cents a Week at . Harvard" is
quoted as saying his chief diet was beans, the "most
wholesome, most nutritious, most satisfying com
modity in the fare of the world." That young man,
with all due respect to his culture, was talking through
his hat. He should have tried prunes.
. Billy Mason of Illinois would like to know why he
should be forced to wear his Senatorship on his
sleeve for Dawes to peck at.
There is a rumor that Edward may have himseif
crowned King of Great Britain' and Emperor of
Greater Britain, and then we shall ' have to call him
Imperator Ned.
The inmates of an insane asylum in New York who
were recently permitted to play a game of baseball
are said to have gone through the game without once
finding fault with the umpire. To the average base
ball crank such lunacy would appear incredible.
It is said that Richard Croker has decided to aban
don New York politics and devote himself to the task
of winning the Derby, with an American colt trained
by Americans and ridden by an American jockey;
and,, as anything is better than Tammany, his new
ambition may be taken as a sign of a desire to lead a
better life. . - " .. .
One of the oddest spectacles In the
transrortation business Is the sight of an
electric car running two miles or more a
minute on a one-rail track. Even if it ap
peared feasible, on a casual examination
one would say that it was about the most
dangerous form of traveling that could be
devised. But the truth is the exact re
verse, judging by the records of the three
mono-railroads which are in existence.
There is one in Ireland, another In France,
and a third in Belgium, and it Is proposed
now to build one in England to run be
tween Manchester. and Liverpool, thirty
four and one-half miles, which distance,
it is said by the projectors of the scheme,
can bo covered in eighteen minutes.^
The. line in Ireland, from Listoweli to
Ballybunnion, ten miles, has been run
ning thirteen years, and the company
proudly points to the fact that in that time
there has not been a single accident on
the road: The cs.rs~and the engine are
suspended from a single steel rail, which
rises "about three feet from the ground.
The center of gravity of the cars Is be
low the rail, which takes away the possi
bility of the trains leaving the track.
SWIFT ELECTRIC CARS.
The Senator's exact statement on the subject is
thus reported by the Boston Herald: "I think we
should go very slowly in binding the country irre
vocably in such matters by treaties. We find it neces
sary to revise our tariffs every few years ;_ but a
tariff made by a treaty can never be repealed without
breaking our faith, and can never be revised without
the consent of a foreign country and a two-thirds vote
Despite all the efforts of the free traders to break
down the protective system by reciprocity treaties,
there is good reason for believing that a majority in
the Senate will vote against the treaties when they
come up for final consideration. In addition to, the
generally urged objection to them there is another
which Senator Hoar has recently stated — that such
treaties would take tariff questions out of the hands
of the House of Representatives, where of right they
should be, and would place them in the domain of
diplomacy, and thus subject them to foreign in
fluences. .
The club accurately states the Republican position
on the subject of reciprocity and accepts it as its own
by adopting a resolution declaring: "That in ad
hering to the principle of reciprocity as originally
formulated in the Republican platform of 1900, we
favor the associated policy of reciprocity so directed
as to open our markets on favorable terms for ¦ what
we do not ourselves produce, in return for free for
eign markets." ... •./;.•-,?
SINCE so many efforts have been made to align
the manufacturing interests of the country on
the side of the various reciprocity treaties ne
gotiated by Mr. Kasson, and which bear so injuriously
upon California, it is gratifying to note that the Phila
delphia Manufacturers' Club has ' declared against
them. Evidence is thus given that the manufacturers
of that city at any rate understand that protection in
this country must be made fair to all industries. It
was not designed for manufacturers only.
THE RECIPROCITY TREATIES.
There they have remained ever since
and are growing rapidly. They seem to
take kindly to the innovation, and at the
first sign of danger they all retreat to the
duster, nestling among the feathers.
The problem was solved by the boy. who
suggested that the hen be killed and the
big feather duster be substituted for the
hen. The duster was suspended just above
the floor in the corner of the kitchen and
the chickens placed under it in a box.
The chickens were hatched about three
weeks ago, their mother being an old hen
which the family had bought in market
and had intended to fatten and eat. Be
fore she arrived at the proper condition
to be baked she took a notion to sit. As
is usual in such cases, persuasion was
vain', and she held to her determination
to raise a family. A dozen eggs were
given her and she hatched out eight
chicks. Of these she was very proud.
About two weeks ago a number of friends
from out of town visited the family unex
pectedly. The problem of what to have
for dinner was a serious one, as -it was
Sunday and no groceries were open. It
was suggested that the hen be k killed, but
the children were not willing that the
chickens should be left to shift for them
selves at so tender an age.
Seven fluffy little chickens belonging to
a family living on Twelfth street, near
Broadway, Louisville, have a queer
mother. For the past two weeks the only
protection they have had has been a big
feather duster. The substitute for the
mother has served its purpose so well that
the family expects to raise chickens in
the same way every year.
OLD FOSTER PARENT.
Even under the best conditions of weather from
this time on, however, it will not be possible for the
corn States to wholly recover from the effects of the
long drought and blighting heat. It has been an
nounced that many farmers when they saw their corn
withering in the fields sold their hogs and cattle for
fear they would not be able to feed them. Such losses
cannot be made up by the coming of good rains.
Fortunately the wheat crops were ripened before the
heated wave" came upon the fields. From that and
other cereals the farmers may possibly get something
of a compensation for the losses on their corn.
Some of the railways in the Mississippi Valley are
largely dependent upon the corn crop for their fall
business, and accordingly when it was feared that
nearly the whole crop would be blighted by the heat
the value of the stocks of those roads fell in Wall
street, as it was doubted whether they would be able
to pay dividends this fall. Such fears are now likely
to pass away, or at least to be greatly diminished.
The benefits, of course, reach much further than the
farmers. Corn is one of the most important crops
grown in the country. A recent authority states that
it averages a total yearly farm value double that of
wheat or cotton, and more than double that of oats,
rye, barley and buckwheat put together. It far ex
ceeds in aggregate value even the hay cropland, like
hay, it forms a principal source of support for the ani
mal food of the nation, aside from entering directly
into a large popular consumption.
GRATIFYING reports come from Kansas of
rains in various parts of the State." The
Weather Bureau at Washington estimates
that the worst of the hot spell is over for all parts of
the Mississippi Valley, and that while no general rain
is to be expected, yet thunderstorms will probably
bring cooling and >, refreshing showers throughout
Kansas, Nebraska, Missouri, Iowa, Illinois and In
diana. The showers will materially benefit the corn
crops, which were threatened by the drought, and will
doubtless save the farmers from much of the heavy
I6ss they had begun to fear.
RAIN AND THE CORN CROP.
NEW YORK, July 16.'— The following
Calif ornians have arrived: San Francisco
— J. A. Johnston, \at the Sinclair; W. P.
Johnston, at the Manhattan; Miss A. M.
Lehnert, at the Normandie; A. Martin
and wife, at the Astor; T. Mullaney, at
the Cadillac; S. G. Bitten, G. E. Dalton
and wife, at the St. Denis; P. L. Knapp,
at the Vendome; E. P. Prentice, at the
Holland.
San Jose— D. L. Kass, at the Everett.
Oakland— C. J. Heeseman, at the Herald
Square.
Los Angeles— C. S. Hertoz, at the Broad
way Central.
Californians in New York.
In comparison with the greater international ques
tions with which Mr. Hay has had to deal this of the
Turkish claims is but a small matter. It nevertheless
affords another proof of his masterly ability in hand
ling diplomatic affairs. He has succeeded where many
before him failed, and some of the greatest Foreign
Ministers in Europe would be glad if they could be
equally effective in dealing with the Turk.
The work of bringing the Sultan to a payment of
the claims has been under way for more than ten
years. Since it began several Ministers have served
this country at Constantinople, but, though each was
zealous in the task, little or nothing was accom
plished beyond collecting evidence to support the
claims and obtaining from the Sultan's Government
some more or less serious consideration of them. Ac
cordingly when Secretary Hay entered the State De
partment it was not expected that he would be able
to achieve more than his predecessors. Many people
believed that we, like the nations of Europe, would
have our Turkish claims as an everlasting possession.
It is therefore a striking proof of Mr. Hay's diplo
matic firmness and tact that, with the assistance of
the present American Minister at Constantinople,
Mr. Leishman, the Sultan has been brought not only
to consent to pay the indemnity but to actually pay
it. The full sum of $95,000 has been paid over to the
American Minister, and drafts for it have been re
ceived at Washington.
When Secretary Hay undertook to recover from
the Sultan the amounts due to injured Americans he
had a difficult task upon his hands. The Sultan has
had long experience in evading payments of all kinds.
Nearly every diplomatist of high rank in Europe has
a.t one time or another been engaged in the task of
getting a financial settlement with the Turkish Gov
ernment. Most of these claims are still unpaid, and
consequently in seeking for the .payments due us our
Government had to deal not only with the evasive
ness of the Turk but with the jealousies of European
Governments who wished their own claims paid first.
It is natural that men should pay more attention to
matters of strife than of peace, and have mqre to say
about a nun who talks of war than of one who goes
quietly to work and accomplishes his ends by peace
ful means; t>ut none the less the peaceful victories are
far more useful to a nation than strife, and the m«in
who achieves them deserves credit for his work.
SO long as the Sultan of Turkey evaded all
claims made upon his Government by the
United States for indemnity for losses suffered
by Americans at the time of the outrages in Armenia
there was a good deal of attention paid to the subject
and public interest in it was keen. In fact, at one
time when an American warship sailed for the
Mediterranean it was rumored that the object was to
compel the Sultan's compliance by a display of force.
Lately there has been very little said about the sub
ject, and now that the announcement comes that the
Sultan has paid the $95,000 which our Government
asked it is treated as a matter of course.
THE SULTAN PAYS UP.
BUMMER AND LAZARUS-H. S., Ala
meda, Cal. "Bummer" and . "Lazarus"
were two dogs that were famous In the
sixties In San Francisco. The first named
followed Ned Knight, one of the old-time
reporters on the Alta California, from
Petaluma to this city. He was a cros3
between a Scotch terrier, black and tan.
and a Japanese snub-nosed poodle, with
coat like a moth-eaten fur and one ear
cropped shorter than the other. He
proved to be a famous ratter, and be
came, despite his homeliness, a favorite
around the markets on Clay street. For
want of a better name he was called
"Bummer." He became everybody's
friend and everybody became "his friend.
Some time after ,his appearance he was
joined by a mongrel dog, part hound, part
terrier, and the two- were always to
gether, they having formed a ' sort of
Pythian friendship. They visited the
lunch counters for food, also the markets,
and whenever there was an occasion both
were in it for rats. On© day Bummer
came to a saloon for his usual meal, but
it was noticed that Lazarus, the other
dog, was not with him, and that instead
of eating what was given him he carried
It away. This he did for several days, so
he .was followed and it ; was discovered
that Lazarus was sick in a crockery crate
and that Bummer was nursing and feed-
Ing him. This was written up at length
by the reporters of the day and attracted
the attention of every one in the city.
Kvery one knew Bummer and Lazarus.
One day the poundkeeper scooped In Laz
arus, and that act aroused so much in
dignation that a citizen paid the amount
required to release him, and then the Su
pervisors on petition gave the two dogs
the freedom of the city and immunity
from arrest by the poundkeeper during
life.. One day some heartless individual
poisoned Lazarus. . Bummer became dis
consolate and moped, seeming to care not
how soon the end came. A few months
after Lazarus went to dogland Bummer
was kicked by •a drunken ruffian and he
died In- a few days from the effects of the
brutal kicking. The offender was arrest
ed and fined $20. The skins of both do-s
were stuffed and are still preserved as
relics of bygon» daira. v " veu **
NATURALIZATION— Republican, City.
You were misinformed when told that all
the Superior Judges of this city were off
on vacations at this time. While it is
true that it Is vacation time, there are al
ways at least four Judges during that
period to attend to business while the
others are absent. - v Having your first
papers and desiring to become a citizen
you will have to go before one of the Su
perior Judges, or you, may go before
one* of the Federal Judges, prove by two
reputable witnesses that you have resided
in the United States for five years con
secutively and at. least one year In the
State and then take the oath prescribed
by law. Tou will be then given your sec
ond papers. ¦
MASSACHUSETTS— M. M. C, City. Ac
cording to the census of 1900 the popula
tion of Massachusetts was 2,805,345. At
the election in 1900 in that State the vote
for McKinley was 238,866, Bryan 158,997.
The vote for Governor was: Dalton, Re
publican, 228,054; Paine, Democrat, 130.078.
The State Legislature for 1901 is 214 Re
publicans, 64 Democrats, 4 Independents
and 2 Socialistic Democrats. From these
figures you can judge for yourself as to
the politics of the State.
BOOTH-SURRATT— F. F. S., City.
There has been published a book entitled
"Life\ Crime and Capture of J. Wilkes
Booth," by G. A. Townsend, to be seen at
the Free Public Library. In the same in
stitution there is to be seen the files of
the New York Herald, which contain a
full report of the trial of Mrs. Surratt,
hanged for complicity In the murder of
President Lincoln. In 18CT the Government
printing office at Washington, D. C, is
sued a stenographic report of the trial of
Mrs. Surratt. /
HOMESTEAD— F. B. M., City. There is
nothing in the laws of California to pre
vent an individual who has purchased a
piece of improved property, and who after
paying one-third of the purchase price
pays on the Installment plan, from declar
ing the same a homestead before the full
amount is paid, up. 'A homestead may
consist of the land and improvements and
it may be worth any amount, but the ex
emption from demands by creditors Is
$5000. ,., :.; ¦ . , . ¦ r j^..-
JOINT OWNERSHIP— A. S., Novato,
Cal. If a man and wife own property in
their Joint names in the State of Califor
nia and either should die the matter
would have to go to the probate depart
ment of the Superior Court unless it wa3
property declared a homestead, in which
case the property vests in the survivor.
MICHIGAN LAW— D. C, Gardenier,
Or. If property (real estate) is sold in the
State of Michigan for non-payment of
taxes the owner may redeem the same
within one year after the Auditor General
has given a deed.
REUBEN— Subscriber, City. To ascer
tain if any officer by the name of Reuben
was ever professor of military tactics at
West Point you should address »a com
munication to Colonel Albert L. Mills, the
superintendent.
POLL TAX— W. T. B., City. Poll tax is
not levied in every State and Territory of
the United States. In Maryland and Ohio
it is declared oppressive, and by law the
collection of such a tax is prohibited.
APPRAISERS— A. S.. Novato, Cal.
When an estate is in probate in California
the appraisers are allowed $5 per day for
their services while so employed.
ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
William B. Beaizley, deputy Clerk of
the United States Circuit Court,, left on
the steamer Crescent City yesterday aft
ernoon for Del Norte County, where he
intends to spend two weeks in hunting
grizzlies and fishing trout in the moun
tains. During his absence his place will
be filled by Assistant Clerk John A.
Schaertzer Jr.
"William Shryock, the Baltimore banker,
and wife have just left this city after a
two weeks' visit to their niece, Mrs. Lizzie
Thorn. The Shryocks will journey home
by easy stages and will not reach Mary
land until late In the fall.
Dr. Charles Litton, superintendent of
the infirmary of the State University
Dental College, left Monday for a vaca
tion in Mendocino County.
J. B. "Wattles, an old-time member of
the San Francisco Stock Board, returned
from his ranch at Healdsburg yesterday
and is at the California.
Dr. S. L. Rea, one of the leading sur
jfcons of Ukiah and superintendent of the
Mendocino County Hospital, is in San
Francisco.
Miss Rose C. Davison, the Hawaiian
Commissioner to the Pan-American Expo
sition, arrived from the islands yesterday.
She is at the Palace.
Charles Schirmer of Dixon, ex- Assessor
of Solano" County, is spending a few days
in the city with the Epworth Leaguers.
E. G. Chaddock, one of the leading mer
chants of Fresno, is in the city on busi
ness and is staying at the California.
E. C. Merritt, the well-known attorney
of Santa Rosa, is a guest at the Califor
nia.
L>r. G. C. Simmons, the well-known phy
sician of Sacramento, Is at the California.
John Head of Santa Cruz is staying at
the Palace.
S. C. Lowe, son of Professor Lowe, is at
the California.
Robert Robertson of Santa Cruz is at
the California.
PERSONAL MENTION. 5
ONE of the most remarkable railroad crossings In the
world is that just outside the Newcastle-on-Tyne Cen
tral Railway station, England, pictured In the illus
tration here reproduced from the Scientific American.
On a day when the regular schedule Is being followed
1135 trains pass over this extraordinary network of railways,
which is used by the passenger, mineral and general freight
trains. Of this total 675 trains pass over the High Level
bridge, the tracks which lead to this bridge being those on the
extreme left of the picture. The remaining 460 trains pass to and
from the district on the east side of the station. The switches
are worked from the signal box, shown on the extreme right
of the picture, which contains 224 levers. It is operated by a
staff of signalmen, worked in three shifts of eight men to each
shift , working eight hours at a stretch. The crossing is spanned
by a signal bridge which Is 155 feet in length, and there Is ona
man for each shift stationed on this bridge. At the end of
the station represented in the picture there are ten platforms.
A CHANCE TO SMILE.
The young man— I suppose, sir, that
when I become formally engaged to your
daughter you will admit me as a member
of the firm.
The father— Well, I don't know. I don't
feel as if I could afford the expense of
both of these things Just now.— Detroit
Journal.
Stokes— "Whew! wasn't It hot last night?
I thought a ride in a summer car would
give me relief, but I couldn't get a breath
of air.
Smokes— Me t too; but the only time a
breeze sprang up was when I struck ray
last match and tried to light my cigar.—
Philadelphia Press.
Nothing Like Accuracy. — First Clubman
— "Woggles, I want you to decide a bet.
Higginside says the quotation, "Hell hath
no fury like a woman scorned," is from
the Book of Psalms, and I say It's from
Job. "We've put up $5 on It and agreed to
leave It to you.
Second Clubman— I think you're both
wrong. I know it's in the Bible, but my
Impression is that you'll find it in the Pro
verbs of Solomon.— Chicago Tribune.
"Did I hear you say you wished a show
er would come up?" asked the man with
blue glasses.
"Yes, sir," answered the superheated
citizen. "I wish it would rain this min
ute."
"Right out of a clear sky?"
"Of course."
"My dear sir, don't wish anything so
desperate. Tou know what terrible re
sults come from letting water suddenly
into a hot boiler, i shouldn't be a bit sur
prised If a shower at this time would pro
duce an explosion that would blow up the
universe."— "Washington Star.^ •
Chinese servant stories are epidemic.
Here's- one, and it's true.
A "West Side woman a few days ago was
boasting to a caller of the virtues of her
Mongolian cook, and she emphasized the
latter"3 systematic methods as his especial
strong, point.
"John finishes his work at precisely the
same minute every evening." said she
proudly. "I always know exactly where
he is and what he is doing at any time of
the day."
'""Well, what is he doing now?" was
asked.
"Let me see. It Is 7 o'clock. Well, he
has just finished putting the dishes away,
and at this moment is sweeping the kitch
en. Come, let's go out and see if I'm not
right."
They started through the dining-room,
and found everything In Its place, as
prophesied. In the pantry the dishes waxa
neatly arranged In their customary placet.
Then they opened the kitchen door.
There in the center of the room was
John, and he was— complacently washing
his feet In the dlshpan!
The embarrassed mistress and her con
vulsed guest retired in haste. And tha
servant problem was dropped. — Milwaukee
Sentinel.
There is of course no need at the national capital
for another memorial of Washington. The city bears
his name, high above all its buildings towers a
mighty monument raised to commemorate his fame,
and not far distant the beautiful estate of Mount Ver
non, which was his home and is his resting-place in
death, is carefully preserved by the nation. .What is
now undertaken, therefore, is not designed as a
memorial so much as an institution to carry out his
express desires for the promotion of higher education.
The Washington Academy of Sciences has procured
the passage of a law by Congress providing for the
use of all the resources of the great departments of
the Government for research and study by all stu
dents and investigators under such conditions as* the
heads of the departments may specify. The faculty
of the Washington memorial will aid in directing
students how best to profit by the advantages offered.
"'"•Tife, Memorial Association has members in every
State in the Union, the aggregate ; being upward of
1500. It has already accumulated a considerable.^und
and is now appealing for more. Doubtless Congress
will be asked to make an appropriation if ample
voluntary subscriptions are not forthcoming, so it
seems fairly well assured that the institution will ere
long be established and in operation.
In the appeal issued by the committee the purposed
institution is thus described: "The George Wash
ington Memorial Association has undertaken to
carry out' its purpose by securing a site and erecting
thereon in Washington a substantial, dignified, useful
memorial building, sacred to the memory of Washing
ton and dedicated to higher education, science and lit
erature. Such building will form the permanent home
of the Washington Memorial Institution, the 4 Na
tional Academy of Sciences, with its affiliated societies,
and of the George Washington Memorial Association.
It will serve as the meeting-place and headquarters
of the scientific, literary, educational and patriotic
bodies which meet from time to time in Washington.
For- this purpose it must needs be of ample propor
tions, solidly built, with large auditorium, small halls
and numerous offices."
AFTER long deliberation the committee ap
pointed to devise ways and means for bring
ing about the establishment of an educational
institution at Washington on the lines suggested by
Washington himself has submitted a plan and has
appealed to the country to support it. The institution
is not to be a university, as it was deemed inexpe
dient to provide another institution of that sort in
the immediate neighborhood of those of Baltimore,
Philadelphia and Princeton; still it will.be devoted
to higher education in all branches . of literature,
science and art. :
THE WASHINGTON MEMORIAL.
MORE THAN A THOUSAND TRAINS
GO OVER THE CROSSING DAILY
With such .reports coming from centers where it
was believed the reciprocity treaties would find their
strongest support, it seems we may conclude that the
treaties are virtually beaten. When first the fight
against them began it looked as if California would
have to battle alone, but the longer the subject was
studied the more widespread became the opposition
and the weaker became the support. At present pub
lic sentiment is against them, and even those who be
lieve that their ratification by the Senate would be
favorable to our trade may still be inclined to oppose
them on the very valid grounds given by Senator
Hoar.
of theSenate. Such a, measure -takes t the tariff out of
the hands of the House of Representatives. : It is true
that a treaty" may be made conditional to the assent of
the House, but. one House can never bind the hands
of another. Mr. Webster was charged with a purpose
of making a tariff by treaty. He replied With great
indignation/ L T hope I know the constitution better.'
The. simpler, and easier way to do this thing is by
concurrent legislation." . -..-... , •
It is interesting, however, to observe that' Mr.
Bryan proposes to bolt. His clans have gathered in
Ohio and will meet in convention to nominate a rival
ticket This is too, too interesting. After calling the
Gold Democrats bolters and warning them never to
come back any more, he now proposes to bolt a regu
lar party convention and fight its ticket and platform.,
The country will look on with some interest and more
amusement.
Mr. Champ Clark thinks the issues of 1904 will be
made by the issuers of 1896 and 1900. We hope so.
They have bungled two jobs, and can more easily
bungle a third by reason of their experience in
bungling.
Turn Clubfoot loose on his own hams. The Repub
lican party will furnish the sapling.
In Solano County, California, there roamed for
years a celebrated grizzly bear, called Clubfoot, be
cause of an injury to one of his feet caused by being
caught in a bear trap, from which he tore himself
loose. After this trying experience he lived and fed
on young pigs and lambs for a score of years, his
depredations being always fastened upon him by the
track left by his club foot. Finally, one day old
Clubfoot was roaming at will in the mountains above
Vaca' Valley,* and stopped to* scratch himself on a
pine sapling, after the fashion of Highlanders. He was
long and the sapling was small, and bending around
it his hind quarters were brought to view. Thinking
them the buttocks of- a rival bear he immediately bit
them; feeling the bite he thought the other bear was
biting him, and thereupon proceeded to chew him
self off down to his ears, and when he was found he
had his head in his own mouth. This seems to be the
programme laid out for the Democracy by Clubfoot
Bryan. He is at present biting his own buttocks and
thinks it is the Gold Democrats! In 1904 he will be
found with his little head in his big mouth, dead,' in
the belief that he was biting another bear.
Major Watterson hails the Buckeye buck with
effusion and informs Mr. Bryan that the men in the
trenches are tired of sucking empty eggshells, and
that the revolt is on and only a fool will*try to stand
in the way. But Mr. Bryan does not propose to sub
mit to the will of the party, in Ohio or elsewhere, to
play the barrow pig in politics. In an interview in
St. Louis he says: "It is a case of gold bugs trying
to administer absent treatment to the Democracy of
the nation." To which brilliant and indeed peerless
observation Champ Clark added: "And it is also
a case of the tail trying to wag the dog, a feat that
was never yet accomplished, and, mark me, will not
be this time. I do not know what the issues of 1904
will be, but I do know who the issuers will be. They
will be the men who were faithful to the party in 1896
and 1900."
The Dervishes looked vainly along the ranks of
great meu from the dawn of history to these days for
one fit to compare with Bryan, and failed.- To their
distorted vision he' was the foremost man of ajl time,
"the peerless one," one fool called him." In no State
was this craze more acute than in Ohio. . Jones,
Mayor of Toledo, a communist, and Monett, a Re
publican and cx-Attonvey General of the State, led
the choir there, and it looked and sounded as if Bryan
would walk off , with McKinley's State. From
Kelly's Island to Walnut Hills, from Cuyahoga to
Hamilton, from the Maumee to the Scioto, the wor
shipful Democracy bent the knee to the lonesome and
peerless person, and put up the money to pay him for
speeches from his car tail. Sam Medary and Tom
Corwin, "Backbone" Todd and John Brough, never
saw such a yesty ferment in Ohio politics even in the
brave days when Buckeye was an October State.
Ohio pulpits even rang with pious approval of the
prophet, ster and revelator from the Platte, and he
was served up, with texts, like liver with bacon on
the side.
This was only so little while ago that a wise child
born then does not yet know its own father, and. yet
Ohio has forgotten the object of its adoration.
Where there was harvest heat how is the icy tempera
ture of cold storage. When Bryan's picture was car
ried into the convention it was trampled under foot
The silver question and the whole round of issues
raised by the Chicago and Kansas City conventions
were ignored. Communism was purged out of the
platform, and the Republican principles of sound
money and anti-silvcrism, good public credit and
scientific finance, were either directly indorsed or ac
cepted by refusal to reject them.
As usual, the Democracy camped on the Republi
can trail five years after the issue was decided.
TO one who saw the idolatry, the Bryanolatry, of
the Chicago, convention the sudden reversal in
the Ohio Democratic convention is of keen in
terest. In 1896 the crude and unmasticated ; political,
theories of. Mr. Bryan were swallowed without a wink
and he was set upon a pedestal for the adoration of
his party.' The brains of the Democracy suddenly
flowed but of its skull and left a'body swinging arms
and a head making snoots and howling.
THE OHIO REVOLT.
THE SAN FEANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JULY 17, 1901.
6
Call subscribers contemplating: » chance •<
rcsidei.ee during; the summer months can b.av«
their paper forwarded by mall to their new
addressee by notifying: The Call Business Office.
Thm paytcr Trill also be on sale at all summer
resorts and Is represented by a local agent In
all tavros on the coast.
TO SUBSCRIBERS LEAYING TOWfl FOR THE SUMMER.
Choice candies, Townsend's, Palace Hotel*
Cal. glace fruit 50o per lb at Townsend's.*
Special Information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont-
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
Recent decisions of tha United States
Supreme Court concerning trademarks
and labels afford encouragement to pro-
moters of the union label. Any Infringe-
ment of the label or any attempt to Issue
an imitation calculated to deceive -will be
a transgression of the law as laid down
by the high court.
Are You "Of th.e Old World"?
Everything pertaining; to the New World
may be easily and cheaply seen at ths P&a-
Amerlcan Exposition, and the best way to
get to Buffalo Js by the • comfortable train*
of the Nickel Plate Road, carrying Nickel
Plate Dining Cars. In which are served Amer-
ican Club meals from S5c to |t each. Book
free, showing pictures of exposition buildings.
Hotel accommodations reserved. JAT \v
ADAMS. P. C. P. A., 37 Crocker building*
San Francisco. Cal.
Grand Canyon Excursion.
On July. 22d a special excursion rate of 140
for the round trip, San Francisco to tha Grand
Canyon of Arizona, will be made. Leaving San
Francisco at 8 p. m. on the 22d, you reach tho
Canyon for tapper the 23d. No other «l*ht Is
comparable to this, the grandest of nature's
marvels. Ask at 641 Market street. tb« Santa
Fe office, about It.
Best Way to tha YosemJta.
The Santa Fe to Merced and stag* thenc*
via Merced Falls. CoultervlUe, Hazel Green.
Merced Big Trees, Cascade Falls and Bridal
Veil Falls, arriving at Sentinel Hotel at 5 th»
next afternoon." This la the moit popular rout*
and the rates are the lowest.. Ask' at 641 Mar-
ket st. for particulars and folder.
Cheap Bates for Epworth Leagnsrs
and Their Friends.
The Santa Fe win sell low rate tickets to
all points July 13 to August 15 Inclusive to
holders of Epworth League tickets and friends
accompanying , them. Call at Santa F« office.
641 Market street, or ferry depot.
Chicago and Beturn $72.50.
On sale July 20 and a, the Union PacWo
Railroad will sell round trip tickets to Chi-
cago, grood for 60 days, at rate of $72 50. D. W.
Hitchcock. General Agent. 1 llontxomery »t,|
San Francisco.
To neglect the hair Is to lose youth and come-
liness. Save It with Parker's Hair Balsam.
Hlndercorm. the beet curs for corns. 13 ct*.
Alcazar— "The School for Scandal."
Grand Opera-house— "The White Heathen."
Central— "Michael Strogoff."
TJvoli— "Babes In the Woofi."
Grpheum — Vaudeville.
Columbia— "Under Two Flags."
Olympla. corner Mason and Eddy street»— Specialties.
Chutes, Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
*venln£.
Fischer's — Vaudeville.
Eutro . Baths— Swimming.
Bv P. H. Chase— Thursday, July 18, at 11 o'clock, Horses,
at 1732 Market street.
By Wra. G. Layns— Tuesday, July 23, Horses, at 721 How-
ard etreet.
By Unioa Stockyaros Comnany— Monday, July 29, at 10
o'clock. Packing -house Machinery, at Rodeo. Cal.
AUCTION SAIiES.
AMUSEMENTS.• "Honest Jack"- Fuller, . Mayor of Napa, will
review the regiment ¦ to-morrow evening. ' On
Thursday night the command will give a dreas
parade on Main street, Napa.
The entertainment of the League of the
CrosB to be given to-morrow night at the opera
house promises to be a genuine success. Tickets
are being sold In numbers and a nice sum will
be netted to St. John's church, for whose ben
efit It is given. > *
The following dispatch was sent Colonel Ed.
Power, who Is too 111 to be with his regiment:
'.'Colonel Ed. Power, San Anselmo: j Officers
and members of the regiment assembled at
Camp - Power present - compliments and - regret
their colonel's Inability to be present with
them. LIEUTENANT COLONEL. McGLOIN."
Kamara Is their foil. The trio thrown Into
the guardhouse last night and kept the pris
oners happy with their witticisms. .. , ;
Caotain E. Glennon of B and Lieutenant Mo-
Brien of N were offlecrs of the day and guard
lespectively ttf-day. ! ....
First Sergeants of the. League of the Cross Cadets Give a Dance in
the Pavilion and Fill the Part of Hosts With Marked Suc
cess From Sunset Until "Taps" Is Sounded at Midnight
NAPA'S FAIR MAIDS ARE GUESTS
OF CAMP POWER'S "NON-COMS"
SABER EXERCISES AND DRILL THAT FORM PART OF THE DAILY
ROUTINE OF THE LEAGUE OF THE CROSS CADETS AT THEIR
NAPA VALLEY ENCAMPMENT.
Private Joe Catanya of the hospital corps
deserves a special vote of thanks from the
regiment for faithful service in the medical
department. While other cadets are roaming
through the county in search of fun. Catanya
stays at bis post caring for the lads who have
made themselves temporarily Blck by over
eating. Other members of the hospital corps
are doing splendid work, but Catanya is notice
able In this aggregation. The health of the
camp Is remarkable. Very few boys are 111.
Dr. Morrisey and the embryo doctors, Doyle,
O'Dea and Meagher, are watching over them.
At Elck call each morning the cadet who wants
to shirk guard duty or drill and the lad who
believes the watermelon he ate is disagreeing
with him, or the youngster who has a sliver
in his paw stands before the tent and receives
medicine and advice. The hospital tents are
situated a distance from camp, beneath a group
of shade trees.
Archibald Fitzsimmons and Ernest Doling of
Company N and "Stevedore" McNamara are
the life of the camp. Fitzsimmons and Dol
ing are clever German comedians and Mo-
tion from the Napa Soda Springs to be guests
at that resort. The band will drive out to
morrow morninff and play for their hosts.
This morning a flre call startled the regi
ment- The Etirrinr strains were blown by the
bugler on duty at the guardhouse, and within
a few minute* half the regiment wan "hot
foot" across the fields to a grass flre that en
dangered a house on a hill. The cadets
charged up- the embankment, vaulted fences,
ducked under barbed-wire and then, without
forming line, charged up the hill as did the
boys in blue at San Juan. They fought their
first battle in brave fashion. The fire king
had to retreat under their heavy assault of wet
sacke. and after fifteen minutes' work they re
turned Jubilantly to camp. Lieutenant Colonel
McGloln and Andy J. Gaughran led the attack.-
The colonel mounted the roof of a house and
in stentorian tones directed the battle. He
waved his sword and grew husky from con
tinued yelling of commands. Gaughran de
ployed the column. He sent a force in the rear
cf the blaxe and a company in front. Andy
had his eyebrows singed, but, like- a courage
ous officer, stayed on the firing line. The resi
dents of the houses that were endangered were
profuse in their thanks to the cadets.
CALL, HEADQUARTERS, CAMP
POWER. N'APA. July 16.— First
sergeants held sway in camp to
night. The "non-coms" of the
• staff and regiment gave a swell
function in the pavilion and every pretty
girl In Xapa lent her presence. Music
•was supplied T>y the regimental band,
which gladly volunteered its services.
The young folks danced until "taps,"
which, through the courtesy of Lieuten
ant Colonel McGloln, was delayed until
mid night. Regimental Quartermaster Ser
geant David B. Torres was floor man
ager, assisted by Commissary Sergeant
Lester Coughlsn, Battalion Sergeant Ma
jor Leo Gonzales and Hospital Steward
James O'Dea, M. D.
The following first sergeants had the
affair in charg-e: G. C. Thompson of Com
pany A, W. Johnson of B, K. Fitzgerald
of C, Frank Gilsorf of D. Emmet G. Gavin
of E, J. F. Mailing of F, James Ryan of
G, Y. Smith of H. Thomas Mclntyre of
L, H. J. Leonard of N and George Kicoll
of O, and Austin Morris.
A grand march opened the festivities.
The non-commissioned officers wore their
nobby blue coats and white duck trousers.
The long line of merrymakers was led in
Intricate curves through the hall by Floor
Secretary Holbrook caused the arrest of
E. H. Toomey, who conducts a grocery
at the corner of Octavia and Stanyan
streets, for .the alleged abusing of a horse.
The society also investigated the death
of.one horse and the crippling of two oth
ers on Octavia 6treet yesterday. The ani
mals belonged to the Risdon Iron Works.
A heavily loaded wagon which they. were
drawing broke its wheel locks in coming
down a hill and ran over them.
George Switzer was arrested yesterday
by Officer McCurrie of the Society for the
Prevention of Cruelty to Animals for at
tempting to lead a horse' which was un
able to stand on its feet. It Is alleged
that Switzer buys worn out and sick ani
mals and sells them to Petaluma parties,
who kin them and feed them to chickens
raised for the San Francisco market.
Animals "Which. Are Fed
to Chickens. . ,
HTOIA1TE SOCIETY TVTAKES
ABRESTS FOB CRUELTY
Horse-Dealer Said to Sell Diseased
Recorder Godchaux appeared before the
Supervisors Printing Committee yester
day and urged that, he be allowed, to re
tain sixteen book typewriting machines
now being used on trial in his office. The
committee, however, was of the opinion
that, the charter should ba obeyed by the
invitation of competltve bids for the ma
chines. Action on the matter was post
poned. '
Book Typewriting Machines.
Suits for divorce have been filed by
Frederick Wiegmann against Gesiene
Wiegmann for desertion, Louisa M. Hell
backa against Edward E* Hellbacka for
cruelty, Anna Fahsel against Henry
Fahsel for failure to provide, Wlnnifred
M. Bentley against Marshall G. Bentley
for desertion. Elsie M. Scheppelman
against August V. S. Scheppelman for
cruelty, K. A. Rule against W. J. Rule for
desertion and' Mrs. G. M. Watson against
Jessie P. Watson for desertion.
Cora M. Doane has sued John H. J.
Doane, otherwise known as Walter War
ren, to annul their marriage on the ground
that the defendant has another wife by a
former marriage, who Is still living and
from whom he has not been divorced.
Divorce Suits Filed.
Norah Helen Gertrude Finnistone
O'Neill Murphy has 'at last opened a
channel that promises to lead to the hid
den wealth of her former husband, Ber
tram Samuel Joseph Finnistone O'Neill
Murphy, son of the late D. T. Murphy,
brother of Lady Wolseley, Countess Le
Gonldec and Madame Domlnguez and a
man of many alleged assumed names and
some reputation on the Continent as a
duelist, won as a defender of the honor
of the late Queen Victoria. B. S. J. F.
O'N. Murphy's financial condition was the
subject of official inquiry before Judge
Murasky yesterday. Daniel T. Murphy,
his brother, was on the stand and conr
trlbuted some interesting information.
The witness stated that there was not
in his control any money, property or se
curities which belonged to his brother
which might be applied on the $70(W ali
mony judgment held by Mrs. N. H,. G. F.
O'N. Murphy. "Sam/' the witness ex
plained, was disinherited by hia father,
but after his death an agreement was
reached by the disinherited son's mother
and the children by which property val
ued at $200,000 was set aside for his use
and benefit.
Daniel T. Murphy then explained that
his brother had made a deed of gift cov
ering .all the property in his favor in 188$,
and subsequently, In 1897, the old deed
having been lost, the same was renewed.
Frank Powers and Elliot McAllister, rep
resenting Mrs. Murphy, then intimated
that collusion, and, fraud had been prac
ticed against their client. The proceed
ing continued, however, and the witness
admitted that since his brother made the
deed in gift he had been well supplied
with money, as much as $10,000 some
years, less in others. The witness said
that very recently he sent his brother -a
remittance.
At this point an adjournment was taken
until to-day at 2 o'clock, when the exam
ination will be resumed.. Mrs. 1 Murphy's
attorneys expect to set aside the deed of
gift on the ground that no valid consid
eration for the same ever passed to B. S.
J. F. O'N. Murphy. Mrs. Murphy's at
torneys also 'expect to Bhow that since
their client secured a divorce and since
her former husband's ¦ marriage to his
present wife, Mrs. Beryl Murphy, he has
led an extraordinary life. They expect to
show that in order to avoid service and
for other purposes he has grone by the
name of Murphy, O'Neil, Murray and
Munroe.
Murphy Is now busying himself with the
bankruptcy courts in England. His legal
opponents, however, claim that this la
but a ruse on his part to put a stop to the
present proceedings, but they assert that
this move will have but little effect on
the lnaulry at bar.
Brother Admits That fie
Holds Same Under.
Gift Deed.
¦¦ . ?
MURPHY GIVES
PROPERTY AWAY
' An investigation of sixteen days by the
Federal authorities has failed to produce
results war ranting, the arrest of the em
ploye of the Mint who stole six sacks of
gold containing $30,000.
Director of the Mint Roberts has left
the city. Superintendent Leach and Se
cret Service Agent Hazen are continuing
to probe' for evidence, yet the employe of
the. Mint who stole the money is still re
porting daily for duty and laughing at
the efforts of Leach and Hazen to place
him behind the bars.
In the two weeks in which Leach and
Hazen have conducted their investigations
they have secured a mass of testimony,
but they have no more reason to-day for
claiming that a certain employe is guilty
of the theft of the gold than they had
when they first commenced to work on
the case.
During the entire investigation suspi
cion has been directed at Chief Clerk
Walter Dimmlck, but ' that . gentleman
calmly attends to his duties and says
nothing. Among the Mint employes it is
generally stated that Leach and Hazen
have lost the opportunity of discovering
the thief of the Government gold and that
they have made a complete failure of
their would-be sleuth efforts.
While accusations of all kinds have been
hurled at the chief clerk, none of the asr
sertions have connected him with the dis
appearance of the six sacks of gold.
Proof has been forthcoming' that Dlm
mick opened pay envelopes of employes;
evidence has been given that he was
caught in the act of imitating the signa
ture of Superintendent Leach; allegations
have been made against Dimmick that he
was paying attention to a blonde widow
living in the Tenderloin; the vault com
bination of Cashier Cole has been found
in the private memorandum book kept by
Dimmick; yet no evidence has been
forthcoming to show that the chief clerk
was the man who looted the cashier's
working vault.
The count of the gold in the Mint pro
ceeded yesterday. More than $5,000,000
was counted and resacked, but no short
age was discovered. The counting of the
gold coin will probably be finished this
week.
A. prominent official of the Mint, in
speaking of the theft of the sacks of gold,
said yesterday:
"If the investigating officials had any
reason for suspecting a particular em
ploye of the Mint, it seems strange
that no definite action was taken
at once. The fact that no ar
rest has been mads makes it look
as if there is no desire on the part of the
investigating officials to make one. It is
unjust to the employes of the Mint that
this matter stands as it does to-day. If
the person suspected of the robbery had
been placed under arrest at the start it
might have been possible to secure cer
tain testimony that Is lacking now. The
employes fear to tell all they know of a
man as long as he is at liberty, but if an
arrest had been made it would be differ
ent. From what I know of the investiga
tion I believe that there will be no ar
rests."
Officials Seem Baffled in
Search for Guilty
Person.
— »
Counting of Gold Will Prob
ably Be Completed
This Week.
FIND NO CLEW
TO MINT THIEF
Attorney Charles Heggerty thereupon
asked for leave to apply for a writ of er
ror to the Federal courts. The. Judge at
first denied the motion, but subsequently
said he would take the matter under ad
visement till this morning, when the case
will also be set for trial. «
The attorneys for Mrs. Cordelia Botkin,
charged -with murder, have lost the first
point in. their legal battle to prevent the
defendant from undergoing her second
trial. When the case was called before
Judge Cook yesterday on the application
for a writ of habeas corpus the Judge
promptly dismissed the writ and remand
ed the defendant into the custody of the
Sheriff. ; ,
tion for a Writ of Habeas
Corpus.
Judge Cook Dismisses the Applica-
MRS. BOTJLUTB ATTORNEYS
LOSE THE FIRST POINT
Lieutenant McCann, commissary on the colo
nel" a staff, wears a red and white sweater that
keeps the camp awake at night.
"His Royal Highness" Tommy Fitzgerald,
sergeant of Company C, regrets to inform his
friends in adjoining tents that he has no more
titles to bestow. He has gone Into retirement
with a view to thinking out a few more..
The "Curly B'e" are Sergeant Walter O'Con
nor, Corporal Vetterlein and Private Strick
land. Privates Andrew and Carey, ! Sergeant
Johnson and Corporal McCrelch have dubbed
their t«nt "The Bug House." . \ .
Lieutenant Gonzales, the handsome battalion
adjutant, arrived in camp to-day and will bo
with the regiment the balance of the week. He
brought ' along come gaudy clothes and his ap
petite.
"The Noisy Doxen" of Company F. Oakland,
are a sleepless lot. '.They awaken each morn
ing before reveille and form a basin-and-water
parade. Sergeant Mullins leads the crew to the
sprinkling cart, where they perform their ab
lutions.
Dr. Morrlsey of the medical corps will ban
quet the regimental staff at a downtown rotls
serie to-morrow evening. The "special feed". Is
In- honor of his son, who will some day be a
high private In the regiment.
If a cadet has the courage to take a nap in
the afternoon he suffers for his temerity. There
are eome daubers in camp, and they make the
sleeper look like an Indian on the 'warpath.
Sergeant McKeon of C was colored yesterday.
Lieutenant F.' J. Dougherty has friends in
camp. They call on him in the early hours and
toss him out of his warm cot.
Some practical Jokers played havoc with the
tents occupied by the band. They not only
wrecked the interior furnishings, but hid a few
of the mouthpieces. As a result the musicians
could not play vat guard mount.
Charles Turner, Ed Hollahan, Robert Gren
nan and Harry G. Leonard, members of the
band, live in a tent on "Stew avenue." They
have a big: sign on top of their canvas home,
en which is printed, "The 4 Apron Strings!
Ha, Hal"
have won the everlasting gratitude of the en
tire regiment by their thoughtfulness and
kindness. Thrice a day Mrs. Q'Neil and the
Misses Brown send delicacies to the hospital
tent. ' . - - •
THE SAN FRANCISCO .CALt; WEDNESDATi > JULY 17; . 1SOI.
Manager Torres. Programmes containing 1
a list of dances and the names of the
hosts were distributed and will be treas
ured as souvenirs.
This afternoon Company L's baseball
team visited the Napa Insane Asylum ¦and
played an exhibition game with a team
composed of patients and attendants. The
cadets had ah easy time defeating the
asylum aggregation. The teams were
made up as follows:
Company L. Position. . " • • • Asylum.
Flynn Pitcher Russel
Heelan ..Catcher.:..: Grtgsby
G reeves Fi rs t base . . Amstut z
'Dwyer .'.' Second base Swanton
Fentfin Shortstop Shanahan
Hussy Third base ::..:.;:.:....
Hollihan Right field H." Evers
Thlltgen Center field B.' Evers
Kennedy Left field Rooney
Notes of the Camp.
Rev. Father DempBey of St. Mary's . Ca
thedral arrived In camp this afternoon and
wu gladly welcomed by the boys. .
The regimental band has received an invlta-
Mrs. Mary O'Nell, Miss Katie Brown, Miss
Arizona Brown and Miss Ellen Brown are be
ing. blessed by the hospital corps for their gen-,
erous treatment of the cadets who have been
unfortunate enough' to fall sick. ' These ladles
7
NOMINATOR.
NAME.
Color and Sex.
EIRE.
DAM.
I Date
"Whelped.
1300.
L. S. Barre
T. W. Bartels
W. J. Browning......
W. J. Browning...;
VV. J. Browning
J. D. Cardinell....
Chiarlnl Bros
Chiarlni Bros
Chiarlnl Bros
"W. H. Carmlchael .*
Dr. Christlanson
Dr. F. P. Clark..
Dr. F. P. Clark
Dr. F. P. Clark....
T. J. Cronin
T. J. Cronin.... ...'
T. J. Cronin
T. J.' Cronin.... '................:...
T J. Cronin.....'
P. M. Curtis.. .......:.......-..... .......
P. M. Curtis .'.
P. M. Curtis
P. M. Curtis
P. M. Curtis.........
P. J. Donohue ..'
R. D. Fox :
R. D. Fox
E. Geary
K. Geary
E. Geary
E. Geary
E. Geary
E. Geary
E. Geary..
E. Geary
E. Geary
E. Geary
C. Graham......
G. Graham
"W. E. Greenfield
E. H. Haley
P. J. Horgan
P. J. Horgan
P. J. Horgan
P. J. Horgan
F. Jones
F. Jones
F. Jones
F. Jones
"W. H. Kocher..
Dr. A. Leonard
H. Lynch
H. Lynch
H. Lynch
H. Lynch
H. Lynch
H. Lynch
R. K. Malcolm
L. F. R. Moore
L. F. R. Moore
T. Murnane
George Nethercott
George Nethercott
J. H. Rosseter
J. H. Rosseter
J. H. Rosseter
J. H. Rosseter
J. H. Rosseter
J. H. Rosseter.
J. H. Rosseter
J. H. Rosseter
J. H. Rosseter
James Ray
B. Silva
P. Steinhoff
Sterl & Knowles
Sterl & Knowles.^...
Sterl & Knowles
Sterl & Knowles
J. P. Thrift
J. P. Thrift
George Van Bergen
E. N. XVhitesIde
Amedee Bd. "W. B For Freedom. Imp Bona January
Unnamed :..'. Hughle, Imp Winning Style, Imp... January
St. Laurie "W. Bd. D St. Lawrence Mountain Belle May
Little Jack W.Bd. D St Lawrence Mountain Belle May
Sea Flower Bk. "W. B St. Lawrence. Mountain Belle May
Runtez Bk. "W. B •• St. Lawrence...... Miladi February
Bona Magniflca Bd. W. B For Freedom, Imp Bona January
Tame Tralee Bk. W. B Cronln'a "Wild Tralee.. Just Eclipsed -T... May
'Wild " Eclipse :. Bk. W. B — Cronln's Wild Tralee.. Just eclipsed May
Unnamed .....'. Gold Hill. Hattabelle March
Master . Harold Bd. "W. D Hughle, Imp "Winning Style. Imp... January
Ramona Gold..: F. B Rochester "Wattlebloom, Imp May
Hilda Gold Bd. W. B Tony Gold Meadow Maid May
Doc Sweetman Bd. D.; Shylock, Imp. Santa Inez May
Rambler '. Bd. W. D..... Candelaria Rosio B _...- March
Klllarney- Bd.W. D Candelaria Rosle B VJ - March
Jennie G. Bd. W. B •. Candelaria Roale B ~ March
Kitty from Cork:.;.... Bd. .W. B.... Depend on Me Fairy January
Minnie P. B Depend on Me Fairy January
Sir Pitt........... Bk. W. D Cavalier Vanity Fair. Imp...... May
Mrs. Flske Bk. W. B Cavalier Vanity Fair. Imp..—. May
Miss Pye... Bk. "W. B Cavalier Vanity Fair, Imp May
Betty Martin............ W. Bk/B.... .....;...... Cavalier Vanity Fair, Imp...... May
Beckey Sharp Bk. W. B Cavalier - Vanity Fair, Imp May
Stratton Bd. W.B Boomeranc Baroness Grace January
Chancellor -. R- W. D. Pretender — ....=-. Trinket April
Maggie Darrow Bd. W. B pretender Trinket April
Minnie Sankey....: Bl. W. B Hughle. Imp .- Geary' 8 Bonnie Lass... April
Bonnie Hughie W. Bk. B Hughie. Imp Geary's Bonnie Lass... April
Ruby Sankey.. Bl. W. B.. Hughle. Imp ~ Geary's Bonnie Lass... April
Fannie Hughle Bk. W. B Hughle. Imp.; Geary's Bonnie Lass... April •
Unnamed Hughle. imp Geary's Bonnie Lass... April
Unnamed Hughi%. Imp Geary's Bonnie Lass... April
Unnamed • Hughie. Imp Geary's Bonnie Lass... April
Unnamed Hughie. imp Geary's Bonnie Lass... April
Xjnnamed Hughle. Imp Geary's Bonnie Lass... April
Unnamed Hughle. Imp Geary's Bonnie Lass... April
Emin Bey. Bd. W. B Emln Pasha Moonlight July
Lady L. Newark Bd . W. B j^,, Pasha Moonlight July
Fleur-de-Lls Bd. B. Alameda Alma March
M /YVV." - » me b Emin Pasha Moonlight July
Total Eclipse Bk. B Cronln's Wild Tralee.. just Eclipsed May
Partial Eclipse Bk B Cronln's Wild Tralee- Just Eclipse*. May
Peerless S> B^ Cronln's Wild Tralee.. Just Eclipsed May
pm£*t«£« Ballagh S6- w R Cronin's Wild Tralee.. just Eclipsed May
nLlnthv Bk* w 1' Emln Pasha Moonlight July
Snnamed Emln Paaha Moonlight July
uSntmed " Emln Pasha Moonlight July
Merriwl R i> Rochester Wattlebloom January
Sv ;:;:: = I ISliiil gdCSE™ $»;::::::::::::; SS.
AJ Martin Bd D Hughie. Imp Mystic Maid April
Biacic Bart :::::::::::: Ik. b:::::::::::::::::::: s^i*. imp Mys tic Maw Aim
Melros* " Lad............ Bd! D ««*£ e. Imp Mystic Maid April
Merrlman Bd. D Hughle. Imp Mystic Maid April
Clarice .................. Bd B g ugh i£' lmp — " , Mystic Maid April
Aeolus . .... Bd. W D For Freedom, Imp Golden Russett March
Malachy F. D..!. * 0 } }* |°y Calamity Jane April
Mallndy Bd. B i? Ur^ O7 l V Calamity Jane April
Bonus F W. T> For Freedom. Imp Bona January
Red Rock R. F B Rochester Little "Wonder March
Hickory Dick Bd D Rochester Little Wonder March
Regal Attire Bk. B Royston Fiery Face May
Royal Albion W. B : Royston Fiery Face May
Royal Alliance Bd. B Royston Fiery Face May
Real Aristocrat Bd. D ".... Royston Fiery Face May
Rich Argosy Bd. D Royston Fiery Face May
Rustic Arbor B. "W. D For Freedom, Imp Daisy Hill February
Royal Archer W. D For Freedom, Imp Daisy Hill Februarj
Roped Arena Bk. W. D....* Emin Pasha Armagh Lass............ June
Red Ace R. D Firm Friend. Imp Annie Laurie March
Unnamed Pretender Trinket April
Funston "W Bd. D For Freedom, imp Daisy Hill February
Pasha Belle Bd. W B Emin Pasha Moonlight July
Cold Shivers W. D For Freedom, Imp Amarosa February
Freeze Out... W. Bd. D For Freedom, Imp Amarosa „. February
Ice Man W. D For Freedom, Imp Amaro3a. February
For Liberty TV. B For Freedom, Imp Amarosa February
Billy Me W. D Crawford Lad, Imp — Gra3sb»pper March
Golflie Me W. F. D Crawford Lad, Imp.... Grasshopper March
Urinamed Gold Hill Sylvia May
Daybreak Bk. W. B Gold Hill Hattabelle March
A healthy and well nourished infant
gains in weight, sometimes slowly
and sometimes rapidly, according to
age and other conditions.
Mellin's Food babies make a normal
gain in weight and attain that plump
and solid condition so gratifying to
the parents.
' SEND FOR A FREE SAMPLE OP MELLIN'S FOOD.
MELLlk'S FOOD COMPANY, BOSTON, MASS.
AMUSEMENTS.
ftftfl BIHAR! A SAN FRANCISCO'S
LEADING THEATRE
LAST NIGHT TO-NIGHT BUT THREE.
TAKE WELL TO l"»I800.TT11TT> TIT^
Good-by Matinee Sat I I ll I I I ¦ I
Positively Last Time I I 111 1 I Ll U
Kxt Sat. Ngt. July 20 . 1 1 II I I H fl
iSr uiiuiiii.
PRODUCTION .^IBBK
By Arrangement "With ta
DAVID BELASCO.
Faul M. Potter's iSSw
Big Drama on aa ™™ Hr
Oulda's Famous Novel. TTST I fH
Over 100 PeoDle. | ¦ | H 1111
ADIbU TO H fl \\
BLANCHE BATES I hllUU
as "CIGARETTE." * •***»** »^.
FXTRA ! IBSEN MATINEE
' wvt^ 4 With MISS BATHS.
FRIDAY AFT., JULY 19, AT 2:30, .
One. Performance Only of Henrlk Ibsen's
HEODA\ GABBER.
Blanche Bates as the heroine. Seats Ready.
5I& MONDAY, July 22,
The Representative Irish Comedian,
MR. CHAUNCEV
OLCOTT,
"THE SWEETEST SINGER ON THE STAGE."
In the New Irish Comedy,
"GARRETT O'MAGH."
"Written by AUGUSTUS PITOU, Manager.
The play ¦wilt be presented here with the great
cast, all of the magnificent scenery and grand
effects that characterized Mr. Olcott's long- and
successful engagement of five months in New
York.
Hear OLCOTT'S NEW SONGS.
SEATS READY TO-MORROW.
MATINEE TO-DAY fWED.). JULY 17.
Parquet, 25c, any Seat: balcony, 10c; Chil-
dren, 10c, any Part Except Reserved.
VAUDEVILLE IN ALL IT8 MODd'RN REFINEMENT
CHEVALIER • ENRICO MARIO
SCOGNAMTLXO; DA1OI BROTH-
ERS; CHARLES LEONARD
FLETCHER; GILBERT AND
GOLDIEi; IRVING JONES; CLAY-
TOM" WHITE and MARIE STT7-
ART; PROSPER TROUPE;
BIOQRAPH and Last Appearancs in Vandavillt of
ETTA BUTLER.
BJMSCOA»°THAUS* ?Ji i%p
¦ iT^ "" i*ssT£ enr tun*
TO-NIGHT-ALL, THIS WEEK.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
A Colossal and Stupendous Production of
MICHAEL STBOGOFF
Magnificent spectacular features. Gorgeous
Bcenery.
A- Profusion of Wonderful Features.
JAMES M. BROPHY
AND A GREAT CAST.
PBIPCC Evenings 10c, 15c, 25c, 35e, BOo
ifilUEJ Matinees ...10c, 15c, 25c
Next Week— Big Revival of "TRILBY."
MATINEES SATURDAY and SUNDAY.
EVERY EVENING THIS WEEK.
T. DANIEL FRAWLEY
. Presents Another Tremendous Successs,
The White Heather
The cast Includes Mary Van Buren, Kather-
lne Grey, E. J. Morgan, John Mason, Theodore
Roberta and the first appearance of Harrington
Reynolds this season.
SAME PRICES— 10c. 15c. 25c. 50c, 75c. .
Good Orchestra Seats, All Matinees, 25c.
Branch Ticket Office Emporium.
NEXT WEEK— "PAUL KAUVAR."
oLy hssatr e^Ap
ONLY FIVE MORE NIGHTS OP '
FLORENCE ROBERTS
AS LADY TEAZLE, Supported by White
. Whittlesey. In '
"THE SCHOOL
FOR SCANDAL"
Next Week-'THE COUNTRY GIRL."
. Seats Now on Sale.
ONLY MATINEE SATURDAY.
CHUTES AN^Z00 E ; n 7 E^ a
BIG VAUDEVILLE BILL
LUNETTE, THE MAID OF, THE AIR.
TO-MORROW NIGHT,
THE A MA TEURS
And. a LADIES' HIGH-KICKING CONTEST.
¦ V Telephone for Seats— Park 23.
T7TQrWr7R'C! CONCERT HOUSE.
]<l&tniln O Admission 10c.
CHARITY MARTIN, G. ' S. WANRELL.
Pletro Buzrl, James J. Mackey, Clinton Mont-
gomery, the Kelcey Sisters,' Baby Ruth. Miss
Alice Wren and Clarence Lyndon and Hinrichs"
Orchestra. Reserved Seats 25c. Matinee Sunday.
SUTRO BATHS.
OPENNIGHTS.
OPEN DATL.Y < PROM 7 A. M. TO 11 : P. M.
. Bathing from 7 a. m. to 10:30 p. m.
ADMISSION 10c |t|| CHILDREN So
Bathing, including admission, 25c; children 20c
Excursions
The places, the rates for
the round trip and the
dates of sale are below.
The other details can be
had of the Santa Fe
Agents.
BUFFALO, $87.00
Aug. 22 and 23;
Sept. 5 and 6.
MILWAUKEE, S74.50
July 17 and 18.
CHICAGO, $72.50 ? .,
July 20 and 21.
LOUISVILLE, $77.50 j
August 20 and 21.
CLEVELAND, $82.50
Sept. 5 and 6. ,.,.
THE COMFORTABLE WAY IS
Santa Fe
641 Market Street.
RAILWAY TRAVEL. '-
7:30 am
3:30 pm
NEW ADVEKTISEMENTEL
SOUTHERN PACIFIC:
Tralaa lenr* staid nra> a»« (• nrrlvs m%
MAN KlttNlIiiCO. * '
(Main Una. Foot cf Market Street) &
UiTl — YnOil JCI.T 1*. lid. — ABE.ITJ
7:00a Benki», Suisun, Elmlra and Sacra-
mento <:S.1p
7:00a V»«Tule. Wlnten, Rnmsey 7:53r
7 >3o a U ar tinex. San U»mou, Vallejo. Nap*.
Call»tog»»ml.4aiit» Kog» «<35r
S.-OO a Dati*, Woodland. Knig&ta L»adin».
M»ryaiilie, ()ro»iIK. 7:35f
8:00* Atlantic ISxpresa— Ogden and Bast 12:23*
»:<>«» a Nilefl. Lithrop. Stockton 7:2>r
SiOOa Niles. Meodota. Hanford. Vlsalia,
Porterrille 4>3Sr
8:3Oa Shasta Express— Daiis, WiUlama (for
Bartlett Springs), Willows. Red
Bluff. Portland. 7i33r
Si30a San Joae, Litermore. Stockton.
Ioua. Sacramento. Placerville,
MarysTlile. Cblco, Ite.l Bluff 4i23r
8i8Oa Oakdale, Chinese (Yosemite). 8o-
nor». Carters 4:23r
B:OOa Hay ward, Nile! and Way 8Utlong.. 1 1 :33a
»:OOAVaUejo I2t33p
V:UVa Los Angeles Express — Martinez.
Tracy. Lath rop, Stockton. Mexeed
Preauo aud Los Angeles 7:25>
9i30a Vallejo, Martluei and Way Station! ?>33r
I 0:0Oa The OrerUnd Limited— OedeD, Den-
ier, Omaha. Chicago 6iO3v
fl:OOp Sacramento Kl»er Sceamera fStOOA
3:3Or Hajward, Kilrs and Way Stations.. 7:53r
¦itUttr Benfcla. Wlatera. aaoramemo.
Woodland, Kulgbts Landing,
MarjMllle, Oro»illa I 0:33a
4i9Or Martlusx, Hail Itauion. Vallejo.
Napa. Omllatocm. 8»uta Itosa, WiSSa
4:OOr NUea, LHermoie, Stockton. Lodi... 13.a3i>
•i::u»r Ilsywud, Miles, Man .lone, Lirermoro t'^Mi
4i30p Port Cos'*, Tracy, Lathrop, Stockton 10i23a
3:00rTh« Owl Limited- Fieauo, Tulare.
Bakersfleld. Hangna for Sauta Bar-
bara. Los ADKelea StOSA
S:«Op Martinez. AnUoch, Stockton, Mer-
ced,Fra»DO 1»:25 P
5j««f Yosemite 1z-.X5t
5:30p New Orleans Eipre»«— Maadota,
Fresno, Bakersfiold. Los Angeles.
Deminf. £1 Faao, New Oilaans
and E*et TjSSa
6:09r Bayward, Niles and San Jose 7>S3*
fO:OOr Vallejo lliSSi
SiOOr Oriental Ma!l~Ogieu, Chejsnne.
Omaha. Chicago la:S3p
• aOOr Oriental Mail— Ogdan. Denver.
Sa. Louis. ChJeaco. «<S3s>
7iOOr Oregon and California, ICx press, flao-
rauieuto, Marjsillle. itetMIng,
> fertlaiiii. Pugst Hound a»<l Bask 1:33*
•iO5r8aa Pablo. Pork CoaU. Martinez
and Waj SUtloos IIsSSa
t«J»ap Vallrjo ¦ 7i»a»
COAST LINE (Narrow Cluage).
(Foot of Market Street)
J7 »45a Santa Cruz Exounuon to danta Cnu
aud Principal Way Stations JSiOSy
8: ISA Newark,Ceiiter»llle..San.losB. Frlton.
Boulder Creek.Bau ta Or nz and Way
Stations a«O«»
tSiISv Newark, CeaterTille. Ban Jose. New
Almadeo. Felton. Ronlder Creek.
Bauta. Cxux and l'rlucipal Way
BtaUons IO«.1«a
4ill>r Newark, Han Jose, Los Gatos tS> nn 4
«4;iapGleByood.BonlderCreek.BantaCrnz «i:50A
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
ton 811 mHCISCO— ttetl of Karktt Strut (Slip 8>—
17:15 9:00 11:00a.m. 1:03 3:09 B:13r.w.
rrimOaUSD— »iili[HrnJt«j.— 1« ; 00 |!J;00 !3:05
10:00 a.m. 13:03 8X0 l:QJr.x. >
COAST L.INE (Broa.l «an?e).
| (Third and Townseml Sta.)
•: I «a San Jose and Way Stations. «i3Oa
17:00a Halt Jose ami Way Stations liSOr
/7iOoa New Alinadeu / *il9r
J7i!»Oa Sunday Excursion for Ban Jcse.
Santa Craz. PadSo GroTO and
Prindsai Way Htationa t»:3Oi>
•lOOAHan Joie. Hollist«r. Bauta Cnn.
1'aciUo Uzofe. Salinw. tiaa Ids
Oblspo, Santa Barbara and. Prlu-
dp»> intermediate Stations 7>SOt>
10:30a San Jose aud Way Stations.. 6iUUf
1 1:3OA Sau .lone autl Way SUtious SiSOf
fCs'lSF Sail Mateo, ICedwood, Menlo Park;
Palo Alto, SanU Clars, San Joae.
IloUutor, Santa Crux, Salinas.
Momeror and Paeitie drove flOi-tSA
StSOr San Jose, Ties Finos. Sauta Cruz, .
Pacific Grove and Way Station* 4:lAr
ttslSr San Joss a. itt Ftinotpal Way Station* U: «•"»*
?5j00r 8»a Jose, Los Gatos and Principal
Wsj Stations |9:OO»
St3Op San Jose aud Prinsipal WaySUtlons 8):38a
•aOOp Redwood. Han Jo*#. Qilroy. SaJiuaj,
Santa Barbara. Lew Angeles...... 1O:CV\
S:3Or San Joae autl Way .Stations fAiOit*
<(lli4»p3»n Jose and Way Stations 7:3Oy
A for Morulng. \Pfor Afteniooa.
. f Sunday ezaepted. t nnodai only.
« Saturday only. « Monday.
• Saturday aai Sunday. / Tuesdays and Triday*
wCV^-^vlBr^f'*^ can obtain rfn?wtd
4 s^jJVS&SSttBbi K^O «treceth and rlyor
? JiJ^'ZttfiS&X 1^ K b >' the uie of "Dr.
/TsryXTy^^W* Pierce 1 b (latest im-
ir/* pF?* i\^N proved) BtBfr
fc —*-'^v«.»)A — TRIC BELT" and
appliances. Drugs
to not «:re. Electricity Is the remedy 1
Buy no Belt until you Bee "Dr. Pierce's,"
lor It Is the BEST and the lowest In price.
CTCall at ofnee or send a 2-cent stamp
for rew "Booklet ffo. t." Address PIERCE
ELECTRIC CO.. 2O6 Post ft.. San Fran-
dsco. N'ew York efflce— U« Broadway.
The old Idea, -was that dandruff Is scales
of ekin thrown off through a feveriBh con-
dition of the scalp, is exploded. Professor
TJnna, Hamburg. Germany, European
authority on ekin diseases, says dandruff
Is a grerm disease. The germ burrows un-
der the scalp, throwing up little scales of
and sappinjr the vitality of the
Thalr at the root. The only hair prepara-
¦ Uon that kills dandruff perms Is Newbro'g
Herpiclde. "Dertroy the cause, you re-
move the effect." Not only cures dan-
druff, but stops falling hair and causes a
luxuriant growth. Delightful halrdress-
ing.
Diseases Says It's a Germ.
Greatest European Authority on Skin
WHAT CAUSES DANDRTJTF.
DR.P1ERCES
MEDICAL'
FOR THE
SILOOP.B.BVER.B.tJMGS.
Of the 1500 convicts In Tennessee twen-
ty-two claim to ba collejee graduates. ¦
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
629 KEABXT ST. Established
In 1834 for the treatment of Private
Dhfases, Lost Hannood. Debility or
disease wearing on body anti ntlml and
Skin Diseases. TbeDoctorcureswh^n
others fair. Try him. l^hargwi low.
*ur+* suar:\ftr+*l. Callor writ*
Pr. JT. g. CIBJBOA. aaa rranciaco. Cal.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausalito Ferry.
Commencing April 23. 1901.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLET
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS-«:55. 8:*>. »9:30. 11:00 a. m..
12:45, »l:45. 3:15. 4:15. 5:15, •6:15.-«:45 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San
Rafael on Mondays, Wednesdays, Saturday*
and Sundays at 9:30 and 11:40 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 7:00. 8:00. *3:00, *10:0O, 11:00. U:3i>
a. m., 12:45. *l:30, 2:30. »3:«. 6:00. 6:00. 1:30
p. m. 11:00 a. m. doea not run to . San Rafael
Sundays.
Trains marked (•> run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS -•3:23. 6:17, 7:47. 8:33, 10:15
a. ra.. *12:2S, 1:15. 2:20. '3:33, 4:40. 5:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 8:15 and 10:00 p. m.
SUNDAY S— « :1a. n:00. «:45. *11:CO a. m.. It
ra., 1:00. 3:15. *3:30, 4:30. *5:45, 6:45. 7:30. 10:10
p. m.
Trains marked <•> start from San Quentra.
FROM MILL. VALLET TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DAYS— S:<5. 6:42. 7:35. S:55. 10.X
a. tn.. 12:35. 1:45. 2:43. 3:50. S:10. 5^0 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Monday*. Wednesdays
an>] Saturdays at 7:10 and 10 :& p. m.
SUNDAYS-8:35, 8:00. 10:03. 11:10 a. ra.'. 12:1$.
1:20. 2:30. 3:43. 5:C0. 6:13.' T:15. 10:30 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
6:53 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way sta-
tions.
3:15 p. m. Saturdays— Cazadero and way sta-
tions.
5:15 r>. m. week days (Saturdays excepted)—
Tomales and way stations.
6 a.m. Sundays — Cazadero and way stations.
' 30 a. m. Sundays— Point Reyes and way
stations. ; • '
*TIVPLI*
Evenlnss at 8. Matinee Saturday at t,
THIRD WEEK— BIG HIT!
EVERYTHING NEW AND NOVELu
THE BABES
till WOOD.
Popular Prices 25c and 50c
GRAND OPERA SEASON
Opens MONDAY, July 29.
Sale of SEASON TICKETS Wednesday, July
17; sale for opening week, Monday, July 22.
Telephone— Bush 9.
te^V PALACE y
• Connected by a covered pas-
sageway and operated jointly
under one management on tha
American and European plans.
1400 rooms: 900 with baths.
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
CALIFORKtt HORTHIESTEBI RL CO.
LESSEE
SAH FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Ttburon Perry. Foot of Market Sfc
San Francisco to San Rafael.
"WEEK DATS— 7:30. 8:00, 11:00 a. m.; 12:35.
3:30, 5:10, 6:30 P. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturday*— extra trips at 1:60
and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 9:30, 11:00 a. m.; 1:80, 2:30,
6:00, 6:20 p. m.
Son Rafael to San Francisco.
WEEK DATS— «:10, 7:50, 9:20, 11:10 a. m.; 13:45.
3:40, 0:15 p. in. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:55
and *J:3o p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:10. 9:40. 11:10- a. m.: 1:40, 1:40,
6:05. 6:25 p. m.
Leave I In Effect j Arrive
San Francisco. I April ii. 1901.1 San Francisco.
Week I Sun- J I Sun- | Week
Daya. I days. I Destination. | days. 1 Days.
7:30 am 8:00 ato Novato. 10:40 ara 8:40 ara
3:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma. «:C5 pm 10:25 am
6:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pra 6:20 pm
Fulton.
7:30 am Windsor. 10:25 am
6:00 pm Healdaburg. 10:40 am
Lytton.
Geyserville.
8:80 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 ami 5:00 pml Hopland 110:40 am|10:23 am
3:30 pm| 8:00 am| and Uklah. | 7:35 pm| 6:20 pm
7:30 am j 110:40 am 10:25 am
8:00 am Guernevllle. 7:33 pm
3:30 pm 8:00 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma 1 9:15 ami 8:40 am
and - 1 1
B:10 pm 6:00 pm Glen Ellen. [ 6:05 pm| 6:20 pm
7:30 ami 8:00 ami 110:40 am 110:25 am
»:20 pm| 8:00 pmt Sebastopol. | 7:35 pm| 6:20 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Spring* and White Sulphur Springs; at Fulton
for Altrurla; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at
Geyservllle for Skaggs Springs ; at Cloverdale
for the Geyaera; at Hopland for Duncan
Springs, Highland Springs. Kelseyrllle. Carls-
bad Springs, Soda Bay, Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Ukiah for Vlohy Springs, Saratoga
Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Witter
Springs, Upper Lake. Pomo, Potter Valley,
John Day's. Riverside. Llerley's. BuckneU's.
Kanhedrin Heights. Hullvllle, Orr'a -.Hot
Springs, MendocJno City. Fort Brass. West-
port, Usal, Willlta, Laytonvllle. Cummins.
Bell's Borings. Harris. Olsen's, Dyer, Scotia
and Eureka. • -
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at ro~
duced rates.
On Sunday round trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Office, 650 Market street. Chronlcl*
Buildine.
H. C. WHITING. B. X. RTAN,
• Gen. Manager. ¦ Qen. Pas». Agt.
Santa Fe Trains
¦ Leave Market-street Ferry P«pot.
I Local ILlm'd [Ovrl'dl Local
I Dally ( ' I Dally I Dally
Lv. San Fran 7:20 a 9:00 a 8:00 p 4:20 p
Ar. Stockton.. 10:13 a 11:45 a 11:10 p 7:« p
" Merced .. 12:22 p 1:17 p 1:19 a »:11 p
" Fresno .. 2:05 p 2:35 p 3:05 a 10:50 p
" Hanford. 3:12 p 3:27 p 7:06 a
" Vlsalla .. 3:40 p 4:4Sa
" Bakersf'ld 6:15 P 5:20 p 7:30 a
" Kans. Cy 2:40 a 7:30 a
• ** Chicago 2:15 p 9:00 p
a for morning, p for afternoon.
•9:00 a. m. train is the California Lim-
ited, leaving Monday and Thursday only,
carrying Palace Sleeping Cars and Dining
Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car runs
to Bakersfleld for accommodation of lo-
cal first-class passengers. No second-class
tickets honored on this train. Correspond-
ing train arrives at 5:35 p. m. Tuesday and
Friday. . •
4:20 p. m. is Stockton and. Fresno local.
Corresponding; train arrives at 12:30 p. m.
daily.
8:00 p. m. is the Overland Express, with
through Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
Free Reclining Chair Cars to Chicago;
also Palace Sleeper, which cuts out at
Fresno. Corresponding- train arrives at
6:55 p. m. daily.
7:20 a. m. Is Bakersfleld Local, stopping
at all points in San Joaquln Valley. Cor-
responding train arrives at 8:40 a, ra. daily.
Offices — 641 Market street and In Ferry
Depot, San Francisco; 1112 Broadway. . Oak-
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
' Vl» SaaMttt* Varj—r—t of Market St.
L*«VC •»* MMM. »««IV« BAN FRAN.
1%$ZI WEEK DAYS < jjjff J-£
8:00 a. M. 1 * v f 12:15 p. u.
8«0A. M. . ' 1:15 P.M.
10.-OOA. M. I snNDATS ' i
1150A.M.7— •— 8UNDAYS :\ ilQr.iL
1:30 P.M. S£0r.lC
230F. M.J: • -. : ; I 7:10p.m.
-" Pars. S»o Franettm to Samnlt ana Setiuo, 11.48
Ticket OfSces. 621 Market St.. & Sausalito Ferry.
AP V UKTlSJb! JVTFiNTS.
ATWTJfgETM HM'I'R.WOUNDED MAN AND THE DUN
DON IRON WORKS EMPLOYES
"WHO DID THE SHOOTING. „ ~
Craven Hot Hazed at Annapolis.
WASHINGTON, July 16.-The newspa
per report from New York to the effect
that Henry Smith Craven, grandson of
the late Rear Admiral Craven, U. S. N.,
who was committed to the Bloomingdale
Asylum on Monday, had become Insane as
a result of hazing • administered to him
while a student at the Annapolis Naval
Academy 13 disproved by the records in
the possession of the Navy Department.
As a matter of fact, .Craven, as shown by
the record, was never actually a student
at the academy. He was appointed to it
in 1S98, but owing to his physical condition
never entered the Institution.
ST. LOUIS, July 16. — Sensational admis
sions have been made on the stand by
Samuel A. Gaylord, senior member of the
firm of Gaylord, Blessing & Co*, which
failed recently. Gaylord, who is one of
the oldest stockbrokers here, admitted
at the hearing before Bankruptcy Referee
Coles that the firm had been practically
insolvent for two years and had been do
ing business on funds secured from local
customers.
Deals wherein no stock ever changed
hands being a mere matter of bookkeep
ing, in which the firm never forgot to
charge up commissions, margins and in
terest, were admitted by Gaylord, who
also told of the employment of relatives'
names and the use of an insane man's
name in the accounts. At the time of the*
failure they were short $150,000 in bonds,
face value, and over six thousand share3
of stock in New York.
It was admitted by the witness that the
failure was due to their speculation, by
which they had hoped to win out and pay
off their indebtedness, estimated to have
been something near $200,000. As to the
missing collateral, left with the firm by
customers, attached to promissory notes
Gaylord admitted that all had been
hypothecated with banks as security for
loans to the firm. There was no apparent
desire to conceal anything concerning the
involved transactions of the firm on Gay
lord's part and the revelations he mad*
were the more astonishing to the creditors
assembled because of the confidence and
trust for many years reposed in Gaylord.
Gaylord Startles Cus
tomers of Bank
rupt Firm.
TELLS STORY
OF BIG FRAUD
Suit Against a Railroad Company.
BALTIMORE, Md.. July 16.— A suit in
which the Baltimore and Ohio Railway
Company is charged with violating the
interstate commerce, law by discriminat
ing against shippers was filed In the
United States'Court here to-day by Myers
& Houseman, dealers in livestock. Isldor
Raynor, Attorney General for Maryland,
appears for the plaintiffs. The petition
alleges that the complainants are dam
aged to the extent of from, $25,000 to $50,000
per annum by reason of being compelled
to receive, house and feed their cattle at
the Union Stockyards in this city, alleg
ing that officials of the railway company
are interested' in the stockyards in ques
tion and that discriminations are made
against those who do not use them.
"WASHINGTON, July 16.— Secretary
Long has in hand the report of the naval
board, charged with the preparation of
plans of the naval station for the Phil
ippines, at Olongapo,- on Subig Bay. The
board has been stopped from submitting
a detailed project by reason cf the
broaching of tbe proposition to Inaugu
rate at this point the favorite project of
Secretary Long looking to a combination
of the vaiious staff bureaus in its man
agement. The board asks the Secretary
for direction in this matter. Under the
existing practice each of the four bureaus
— Naval Construction, Steam Engineering,
Equipment and Yards and Docks—main
tains independent establishments in each
yard. Secretary Long has recommended
to Congress a consolidation of the bu
reaus in the Navy Department itself un
der one head, so as to rid the service of
the wrangling and jealousies that mar the
best plans for ship .construction.
Several preliminary questions must first
be passed on by the various bureaus of
the department before the plans for the
new station can be prepared. It is said
that even the location of the station in
Subig Bay has not yet been absolutely de
termined en. Admiral Taylor has asked
for the appointment of an additional mem
ber of the board and has recommended
the appointment of Lieutenant Niblack,
who has recently returned from, the Phil
ippines.
Long's Plan to Stop All
Wrangling in Ship
Construction.
WOULD COMBINE
STAFF BUREAUS
Civil Service Eligible Lists,
The Civil Service Commission yesterday
announced the following eligible lists:
Superintendent of stone pavements,' Board of
Public Works— Thomas Reagan, 94.6 per cent;
W. H. McCarthy. 88.2 per cent; Charles J.
Gallagher, . 86. 4 per cent ; John H. Holsworth,
75.4 per cent.
Superintendent of sewers— Edward J. Bran
don, 88.8 per cent; " Thomas H. Brady, '87.8 per'
cent; William H.- Lowe,' 75.2 per cent.'
. Charles J» ; Gallagher : and Edward J.
Brandon are at present employed in the
two positions named and are certain of re
appointment. ... ... ':..-.. :,-.
otherwise entitled to registration under Its
provisions. The board shall then Issue to the
said applicant, on his paying the sum of $2,
a certificate of registration. Any practicing
pharmacist falling to comply with the require
ments of this section within sixty days after
the 1st day of July, 1901, shall forfeit his
right to registration and shall appear for ex
amination as provided for in this act.
Entitled to Registration.
It Is under this section that the conten
tion will be urged that a man who was
registered under the old law. whether he
has paid his accrued fees or not, is en
titled to registration on his credentials
under the new act. At least one case is
known wherein Clerk Calvert has exacted
from an applicant for registration three
years back dues before issuing him a cer
tificate as a licentiate under the new law.
The druggist in this case holds the sec
retary's receipts for the three years, but
it should be stated in justice to Calvert
that he Is acting in this under the rules
of the new board. At all events, this is
but one case, although it may be made
the test case,.
"I have a large number* of the druggists
in the city behind me," said Attorney
Kingwell yesterday, "and I believe the
law will not stand. There are several
ways by which I will get into court. In
the first place, back fees have been ex
acted from some . of my clients, and I
may bring suit against the board to com
pel the restitution of those fees. Or I
may bring mandamus proceedings to com
pel the secretary of the State board to
register another of "my clients without the
payment of fees at all. There is one man
on our side, a very good man, but I pre
fer not to name him at present, who has
refused to register, claiming his right to
make a living under the constitution, and
a writ of mandamus on this contention
would bring the constitutionality of the
new law directly at issue. At all events,
I will move in the matter within the next
two days."
But greater than the hardship that Is
worked by the new law upon the full
fledged druggists is that worked by the
interpretation of the law by the State
board upon those young men who are just
from the schools and who have. been
taught, in theory at least, all that- it is
in the power of the State to teach of
pharmacy. The present Board of Phar
macy is composed of W. M. Searby of San
Francisco, who is also the dean of the
California College of Pharmacy, affiliated
with the State University; H...J. Finger
of Santa Barbara, E.' A. Baer of Bakers
field. C. H. Rowley, of Santa Barbara, K.
D. Owen of Los Angeles and J. J. Crow
ley of San Francisco. These gentlemen
are all registered pharmacists. They
have been registered by their own secre
tary, John Calvert, under the new law
and without -any examination so far as
the public is informed.
Technical Education Wasted.
As dean of the California College of
Pharmacy, Mr. Searby may be fairly as
sumed to be in a sense responsible for the
acquirements of the young men turned
out of the college as competent pharma
cists. And yet every one of those young
men who has applied for registration un
der the new law has been informed that
the State board will not recognize cre
dentials from the State Institution as suf
ficient, and that he must pay his $5 and
come up for examination before the State
board in due time.
The milk in this examination cocoanut
is that It means an assessment of $5 ex
tra levied upon every druggist in the
State and of $2 extra upon every boy in
a drug store. Now it is estimated that
there are in the State- of California 1000
druggists, employing perhaps 1000 assist
ants and as many helpers, or boys. An
assessment of Jo and $2 a head upon these,
respectively, would foot up the nandsome
sum of $25,000. In addition to this, each
druggist and each qualified clerk would
pay his $2 per year and each boy. in a
store his $1, under the law. That would
mean $5000 more, making a clean total of
$30,000. There is a provision in the new
law that the State Board of Pharmacy
shall pay its own expenses, and that the
balance, of the money in Its hands, after
paying such expenses, shall be paid to
the State Treasurer, who shall keep it as
a special fund to be used in carrying out
the provisions of the law. But there is
no provision for the regulation of. the ex
penses of the State board by any author
ity other than its own, nor for the audit
ing of its accounts by any State official
not directly connected with the board. ;
NORTH BERWICK, Scotland, July 16.—
Norman Hunter of Oxford 'University beat
W. J. Travis, the American golfer, in a
36-hole match to-day by 2 up arid one to
play. ;.:.:-,;-• ¦ ¦ •' ... ?._. ¦
Oxford Golfer Defeats American.
Epworth I#eague Excursion, to Beau
tiful Monterey Bay End of the
Week.
Leave Southern Pacific, Third and Town
send streets, July 20, 9 a. m. Stop at
Stanford University and San Jose. All
Sunday and Monday, morning at Del
Monte, Monterey and Pacific Grove.
Round trip, $11.50, Includes tickets, ac
commodations at Hotel Vendome, San
Jose, and Hotel del Monte, Del Monte,
and Seventeen-mile Drive/ for Epworth
Leaguers and friends. Southern Pacific
offices, 613 Market street. Third and
Townsend streets and Mechanics' Pavil
ion.
ATVrKBJCAJf JOCKEYS WIN.
LONDON, July 16.— R Corrigan's Sea
Flower, Charles Thorpe up, won the Trial
plate at the first day of the second July
meeting at Newmarket to-day. Richard
Croker's Joe Ullman, L. Reiff up, was
second and Far West was third.
R. S. Sievier's Ailyar (L. Reiff) won the
all ages selling race, "Wisconsin H (J.
Reiff) got second place and the Romarean
fllly finished third.
Lord Cadogan's St. Qulnton (Maher)
won the maiden two-year-old race; G. W.
Smith Prickles' fllly (L. Reiff) was second
and Richard Croker's Jean Bart (J. Rein")
was third.
Lord Cadogan's Sikhs (Maher) won the
Dulllnghaxn plate; W. Raphael's Ruskln
was second and Richard Croker's The
Scotchman II (L. Reiff) was third. The
stewards disqualified The Scotchman II
for carrying incorrect weight.
first time since Emma Offutt's victory in
1896 that the Merchants' and Manufactur
ers' stake has been won In straight heats.
Summary: ,
2:20 pace, purse $1500— Helen D won three
straight heats in 2:12^, 2:11%, 2:18%. College
Boy, Xava, Mississippi King, Cousin Madge,
Fred Pabst and John H also started.
Merchants' and Manufacturers' stake, $10,
000. for 2:24 class trotters— Eleata won three
straight heats in 2:12, 2:11, 2:08%. Country J,
Neva Simmons, Iva Dee, Lioulse Jefferson,
Poindexter, Porto Rico. A J D, Alberta D.
Quoddy Girl, Algroneta, George Smith. John
Hooper, Ted and Belle Kuser also started.
2:08 class trot, purse $1500— Boralma won two
straight heats in 2:09%, 2:07%. The Monk and
Klngmond also started.
2:16 class pacing-, purse J150O— Braden won
two straight heats In 2:10%, 2:12. Captain
Potter, C F W, The Minister, Wlnfleld Strat
ton, Joelisco, Goan, Media Medium, Hal
Patchen, Jack Mont, Gulnette. Maiden Queen
and Hal Stockinets also started;
CINCINNATI, July 16.— Judge i C. D.
Clark of the United States District* Court,
during the hearing of the motion to dis
solve the temporary Injunction issued
against the striking machinists, Indi
cated very plainly to counsel for the de
fense to-day what his opinion would be
on the two points involved. He said
that for picketing an injunction would be
granted, but that acts of violence and
even boycotting were not to be met by
injunction. He said:
I have arrived at the conclusion be
yonfl all doubt that picketing Is unlawful;
that it is immoral and ¦wrong. Counsel
for the defense must understand plainly
that I am opposed to picketing. in any
form whatever and that I will promptly
make the power of this court felt
against it." .
The Judge described picketing as inter
cepting men while going to or from the
factory— anywhere, . even . miles : away— by
one man or by more than one, and any in
terference with ' Ingress and egress of
workmen. But violence, he added, is not
to be remedied by injunction in this court.
He announced that . the decision- of the
case i would rest on. the point whether or
not it would be shown that there had been
picketing.. As his mind was made up on
picketing he asked counsel to cite authori
ties on that point.- - , ;.-. .....
Federal Judge to Rule
Against Tactics of
Strikers. ..
SAYS PICKETS
OVERRIDE LAW
DETROIT. July 16.— Ten thousand peo
ple saw Eleata, a four-year-old black
mare, bred on^the Palo Alto farm in Cali
fornia, and owned by ex-Senator Jones of
New HanripBhire, win the $10,000 Mer
chants' and Manufacturers' stake for 2:24
class tictters at the Dress Point track
this afternoon, and lower, the record for
the race from 2:10% to 2:0S%.
In the early auctions Eleata brought $11
to $200. but when the first heat was called
she was bringing $50 to 5S5. Neva Sim
mons was second choice in the betting but
could not get better than third place in
the race. ,
Another record was broken in the 2-08
trotting evenr, when The Monk forced
BoraJma to go the last heat In 2:Q7&, low
ering his mark three-quarters of a sec
ond. Fifteen hcrses answered the start
er's bell when the first heat of the Mer
chants' and Manufacturers' stake was
called. It was a hard field to get off.
Neva Simmons had the pole, but she
broke before the first turn and Eleata
took the- lead as riiey turned for the back
stretch and held It to the wire. Neva
Simmons took a second in this heat by
splendid trotting on the back stretch after
Price had got her on her feet again.
Eleata was In front all the second heat,
although Country J made a strong bid
in the stretch.
Going steady as a clock the black mare
took the third heat In record time and was
greeted with enthusiastic cheers as she
came under the wire with Driver Marsh
looking back and shaking his head at the
others. Of the stakes $2000 Is held out
for the consolation stake on Thursday and
the remainder, with the added money, win
ro as follows: Eleata, $5850; Country J,
fZ250; Neva Simmons, $1250. This is the
tt LL-FEELING between strikers and
I non-union men resulted last evening
II In a shooting affray at the corner of
11 First and Harrison streets. F. A.
Pagendarn and Fred M. Cliff, em
ployes of the Dundon Iron Works, flred
the contents of their revolvers into a
crowd of alleged strikers, shooting Wil
liam Dunn through the fleshy part of the
right leg.
The two employes of the Dundon Works
started for their homes about 5:30 p. m.
At the corner of Main and Folsom streets
a crowd began following them, they say,
and as they started to walk up Main
street to Harrison they were greeted with
jeers and cries.
Cliff, who is an ex-soldier, pulled a re
volver from his pocket and called on Pag
endarn to do the same. With their fire
arms In their hands the two men called
upon the crowd to retreat, according to
their story- The mere sight of the weap
ons failing to check their pursuers, the
Dundon men fired Into the air, then at the
men who were following them.
A number of police officers, attracted by
the shooting, ran to the spot and disarmed
Pagendarn and Cliff. William Dunn was
the only man wounded in- the melee and
he was removed to the Harbor Hospital
in an ambulance. Dr. Boscovitch re
moved a bullet from Dunn's right leg. The
missile had grazed the bone but did not
injure it. Barring blood-poisoning, Dunn
is in no danger.
Pagendarn and Cliff were sent to the
Southern police station and charged with
assault to commit murder. They were re
moved to the City Prison and last night
were released on $2000 bail each, bonds
being furnished by P. F. Dundon and J.
E. Buckley.
Pag«ndam's Statement.
F. A. Pagendarn, when interviewed last
night, said: "I am a director and stock
holder In the Dundon Iron Works. I am
foreman of the works, and when the men
Record at Detroit
Track.
-?— -—
Eleata Lowers Trotting"
WINS HONORS
FOR CALIFORNIA
went on strike I refused to go out with
them. This evening a crowd of men fol
lowed us for some distance when • we left
work. They threw stones and rocks at
us and called us vile names. I had my
father and little brother with me and I
feared they would be hurt. When we got
to First and Harrison streets Cliff called
to me, 'For God's sake pull your gun!' I
did so and we warned the crowd to get
back. Then we saw them coming nearer
and throwing stones again and we flred
Into the air. They continued to throw
stones and we then fired at the crowd in
self-defense. I realized that we were in
danger and might have been seriously in
jured. Some of the men formerly worked
under me."
Cliff told a story similar to that of
Pa^endarn. "~r
William Dunn, the wounded man,
claims to reside at Twentieth and De
Haro streets. He refused last evening to
give any information as to the shooting.
He denied being a metal worker, but when
told that he was known to be a striker
replied. "Well, if you know it, what is the
use of asking me?" He asked that no
mention of the affair be made in the pa
pers, and said he would not prosecute the
two men under arrest.
A number of strikers gathered at the
Harbor Hospital while Dunn was on the
operating table. They gave their names
as A. C. Butt, T. Conley, G. Cook and.
Frank Burns.
Story of the Strikers.
Butt said: "I was coming along Harri
son street toward First. A few men were
with me. We were not following the
men from the Dundon Iron Works. The
In reply to questions Burns said: "I
saw the men who flred the shots coming
along Harrison street toward First. A
few men were half way down the block
behind them. The men in front suddenly
wheeled around and started firing at the
other men. .No rocks were thrown at the
men In front, nor were they molested in
any way. We are strikers, but we did
not give those men any cause to start
firing."
wounded man Burns, Butt and the rest
of the men appeared confused, but gave
no explanation. The men left the hospi
tal to secure an ambulance in which to
remove Dunn to his home.
Eyewitnesses to the affray were found
by the police last evening and statements
were secured that rocks were thrown by
a crowd of men at the two men ' who
afterward fired shots from, their" re
volvers. . ¦ • . j - ¦¦¦>,-.
FIGHT ON HAY WHARF.
"Scabs" and Union Men Have Night
Battle.
There was a "dynamite scare" around
Third and Berry streets yesterday caused
by the discovery of a mysterious pack
age, and for a time the police were of
the opinion that some person or persons
unknown intended destroying property.
There had been a fight between union and
non-union, men on the hay wharf the
night before, and that made a basis for
the - "dynamite scare," but it fell to the
ground when the package was opened and
found to -.contain three big firecrackers,
half a pound of powder, some loose
matches and a piece of fuse.
The steam schooner National City has
been laid up for repairs ever since the
strike. Her boilers have to be fixed up
and her machinery overhauled. Monday
last the steamer was anchored out in
China Basin and early in the moring a
gang of non-union workmen were sent
out to her. The strikers were informed
of the fact and Monday night they lay
in wait for the "scabs" on Hay wharf
When the non-union men came ashore
there was a free fight and a squad from
the Southern station had to be sent to
quell the disturbance.
Following this disturbance came the
finding of the mysterious package near
J. A. Reid's blacksmithing shop at 149
Berry street. About three months ago
Reid's place was set on fire and two
months aeo a bomb was placed in the
rear of Sievert's place, 137 Berry street.
The explosives placed behind Reid's place
yesterday were wrapped up in a piece of
oiled paper with the fuse protruding. The
paper had been set on fire, but the wind
blew it out instead of fanning the flames.
The police now think that the whole af
fair was a practical Joke and that neither
the strikers nor non-union men had any
thing to do with it. ~:
Within the next two days suit will be
commenced to test the constitutionality
of the pharmacy law passed at the last
session of the. State Legislature. It is a
movement in which every pharmacist in
the State is interested, and the San Fran
cisco men have entered into a combina
tion to make the fight. Their attorney,
Frank I. Kingwell, has advised them that
the new law will not stand the test of the
courts. The reasons given are that,
in the first place',' the law discrimin
ates, in that, while retail druggists and
their clerks, as 'the handlers of poisons
and the compounders of prescriptions, are
compelled under its provisions to be regis
tered as . pharmacists, there is no provi
sion whatever for . . the registration of
wholesalers and their clerks. And yet the
wholesalers, handle poisons also, and ev
ery wholesale drug house in the State
maintains a laboratory, ¦wherein are com
pounded preparations that are, I In effect,
prescriptions ind are constantly being
prescribed by physicians or used by drug
gists in the compounding of physicians'
prescriptions. And while the retailers em
ploy none but graduates in pharmacy, or
men expert through long years of experi
ence In the handling of prescriptions and
familiar with chemicals and their com
binations, the wholesalers, it Is claimed,
In many cases employ boys and cheap as
sistants for the purely mechanical work
of mixing. The mixtures of the wholesale
dealers reach as many or more sickbeds
than the prescriptions put up behind the
prescription counters by graduates In
pharmacy.
Still Stronger Reason.
But there is another and still stronger
reason, perhaps, why the new law is
deemed unconstitutional. Why, the drug
gists ask, should they be the only men
of any profession who are charged a fee
for the right to make a living from an
expert education? When a man graduates
from a law school or from a medical col
lege, receiving his degree and his admis
sion to practice his profession, there is
no more question about his professional
standing. Once admitted as a lawyer or
a doctor, he is always thereafter a lawyer
or a doctor. The law and the people pre
sume, and wisely, that the man will gain
In knowledge by practice, and that the
more years he faces the courts or the
more calls he has to the beds of the sick
the more accurate will be his knowledge
of controversy or of illness. \ And yet the
law, and the State Board of Pharmacy
under the law, .goes upon a presumption
the exact opposite of this in dealing with
druggists. And some recent actions of
the State Board of Pharmacy and its sec
retary, John Calvert, would lead to the
conclusion that the gentlemen composing
the board, every one of them a pharma
cist, had been led to the conclusion that
the longer a man worked in a drug store
and the more he studied drugs under the
.tutelage of presumably the best^profes
sors of the day, the less he knew about
his business. ' ". ¦•¦¦ •• • - . . .-
If this is not true, why are graduates of
the California College of Pharmacy, itself
a branch of the State University, to be
compelled to take a second examination
In pharmacy at the hands of the State
board, and why are men w,lth years of ex
perience and the best schools behind them
likewise to be put through an examina
tion like mere schoolboys?' It is precisely
of these things that the druggists com
plain.
Collecting Back Fees.
Still one more hardship in the construc
tion of the new law by the State board
is complained of by druggists, and It is
upon this point that the test of the law
may come. Under the old pharmacy law,
repealed by the passage of the present
act, there was a certain laxity in the col
lection of registration fees, and many
druggists allowed their fees to fall into
arrears, not through inability or unwill
ingness to pay, but simply because the
secretary of the old board did not make
sharp collections. It, has been ruled by
the new board that all such men as are
in arrears under the old law must, be
fore they are registered under the new,
make up such arrears, or else submit to
a new examination before the State board
before they will be registered and per
mitted to practice their profession in this
State. The hardship in this lies not in
the exaction of the money, which is a
small matter, but in the compelling of
men who have committed no fault to take
time from their business to cram for an
examination which might be easy for
schoolboys with no practical knowledge,
but which also ! might stump the most
expert pharmacist who had not crammed.
Secretary Calvert Talks.
"It is a fact," said John Calvert, secre
tary of the State Board of Pharmacy,
yesterday, "that all graduates In phar
macy, of whatever school, must take an
examination before the State board be
fore they will be registered as ¦ licenti
ates."
"Graduates of t"he California College of
Pharmacy?" he was asked.
"Yes; graduates of every college."
"Whyf*
"It Is a rule the board made."
"And If a man who was a registered
pharmacist under the old law has neg
lected or failed for any reason to pay hia
dues under that law, must he also take
the examination?" . «
"No. He must pay his back" dues or'
take the examination. One or the other.
We will accept the back dues accrued
under the old law, or the applicant must
take the examination. ' That is a rule the
board has made. We do not recognize de
grees from anywhere." " '
Provision of New Law.
The»new law provides. In section 4, for
the assessment of $2 a year upon prac
ticing pharmacists and licentiates, as the
old law ,did, and for a yearly tax of $1
upon assistants In drag stores; but it
likewise. In section 6, makes- this provi
sion:
It shall be the duty, of the board to examine
and register as pharmacists or assistant phar
macists all applicants whom It shall deem
qualified to be such respectively. All persons
on applying for examination or registration
shall pay to the secretary a fee of ?5 for licen
tiate and $2 for assistants, and on passing the
examination they shall be furnished \ with a
certificate signed by the secretary and the ex
aminers. Every registered pharmacist who
desires to continue the practice of his profes
sion in this State shall annually, on such
date , as the Board of Pharmacy may deter
mine, pay to the secretary of 'said board a
registration fee to" be fixed by the board, but
which shall in no case exceed the sum of \Z
per annum, for which he shall : receive a re
newal of such registration. - ..
The section then goes on to provide that
assistant pharmacists, or' helpers In
stores, shall be charged a fee of $2 for
examination and of $1 per year for regis
tration thereafter.
The limitation of the right of registra
tion under this - section to those persons
only - who have passed- the examination
prescribed by the State board is claimed
by druggists to work a needless hardship
upon many men who are at least as com
petent as the members of the State board
themselves... - . ., '. ¦"• \
Section 4 of the new law reads:
Cvery pharmacist claiming the right of regis
tration under this act shall, on or before the
1st of July, next after Ha passage, forward to
the State Board i of ¦ Pharmacy satisfactory
proof that he was a duly registered pharma
cist under the provisions of an act to regulate
the practice ¦ or ¦ pharmacy . or sale of poisons
in the State of California, approved March 11.
1891, and ¦ engaged In , the business of . prepar
ing . and dispensing medicines and physicians'
prescriptions at the time, or that he was
Hardship WorkecL Upon Grad
uates of Pharmacy
College.
As the Statute Is Interpreted Techni
cal Education of Students
Goes for Noth
. Ing.
Say It Infringes Upon
Their Right to Make
a Living:. ','
DRUGGISTS
WILL FIGHT
NEW LAW
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, «TTJLY : 17, 1901.
Employes of Dundon Iron Works, Who Claim They Acted in .."'Self-
Defense, Shoot With Revolvers at Crowd of. Men and One Bul
let Lodges in Leg of William Dunn — Different Versions Given
NON-UNION MACHINISTS FIRE
SHOTS AT ALLEGED STRIKERS
THE Futurity, an annual' event in local coursing? and
which is second in Importance only to the John Grace
Challenge Cup Stake, haa for Its entries the beat young
greyhounds In the country. Last year's event was
. capturcl by Harlem Gladys of tbe St. Lawrence-Moon-
light litter. Her sister Lovina was the runner-up. Wedgewood,
¦ . > .•
another of the Utter, has been & money-setter during: the «ea
son and has figured often at th.a bottom of his stakes.
With Cold SMvers, Freeze Out, For Liberty and Ice Man to
represent It, the For Frecdom-Amarosa litter stands a . great
chance to carry off this season's honors. Following Is the list
of nominations on which second payment haa been made:
____^_^____
The Big Meeting Which Will Be Held in September Next Is Second
in Importance Only to the John Grace Challenge Cup Event
and Has on Its Card a Great Lot of Highly Bred Puppies
PICK OF THE YOUNG COURSERS
ON THE FUTURITY STAKE LIST
men who did the shooting -were fully
half a block In front of us when they
opened fire. We were not throwing rocks
and we did not molest them in any way."
Burns, Butt and their companions
claimed that the man wounded was ¦ un
known to them. A few minutes latei,
when they were admitted to the ward
where Dunn was lying in bed, they greet
ed t him by name. and he called the men
by • theirs. When asked why they had
denied knowing the identity of the
8
Steamer.
From.
Due.
Peru China and Japan July 17
Wellington.... Oyster Harbor July 17
Rainier Seattle & N. Whatcom July 18
Fulton Grays Harbor July 18
S.V p * uI Nome & St. Michael... July 18
%\. H. Kruger. Tlllamook Bay July 18
Coos Bay Newport & Way Ports. July 18
Rival <; . Willapa Harbor July 18
Santa Rosa San Diego & Way Ports July 18
Conemaugh.... Nome & St. Michael... July 18
J. S. Klmball.. Xome via Seattle July IS
State of Cal.... Seattle ......:. July 18
Robt. Dollar... Seattle and Hadlock.... July 19
Columbia Portland and Astoria.. July 19
Point Arena... Point Arena July 19
Pomona..^ Humboldt July 19
Kmplre Coos Bay July 19
Crescent City.. Crescent City July M
Asuncion Seattle j u i y 20
Eureka Humboldt July 21
San Bias Panama & Way Ports.. July 21
Santa Barb'ra. San Pedro July n
City of Puebla. Puget Sound Ports July 21
Bonita San Pedro & Way Pts. July 21
Corona San Diego July 21
Milton Nanaimo July 23
Coronado San Pedro July 22
North Fork Humboldt July 23
Marlposa Sydney & Way Ports.. July 23
Sierra Honolulu ¦ July 23
Arcata Coos Bay July 23
Jteamer.
Destination.
(Sails.,
) Pier.
July IT.
Arequlpa Valparaiso & Way.
Nippon Mam China and Japan...
G. W. Elder.. Astoria & Portland
Corona San Diego
North Fork.. Humboldt
July 18.
Arcata Coos Bay
San Pedro Humboldt
Eureka Humboldt
Newport Panama & Way Pts
Arctic Nome and Teller..
Mandalay Coquille River
July 2O. I
ConemauRh.. None via Seattle..
J. S. Kimball Nome via Seattle..
Zealandla.... Honolulu
Umatllla Puget Sound Ports
Rival Willapa Harbor ...
Coos Bay Newport & Way Pt
Empire Coos Bay
July 21.
Pomona Humboldt
Santa Rosa.. San Dieiro & Way.
July 22.
Rainier Seattle & N. What.
St. Paul Nome & St Michael
Columbia..... Astoria & Portland
Coronado Grays Harbor
Pt. Arena.... Point Arena
Santa Barb... Humboldt j
July 23.
Bonlta........ Ban Pedro & Way.!
—
I
12 rn
1 pm|
11 am
9 am
9 am
Pier IS
PMS3
Pier 24
Pier 11
Pier 2
12 m
10 am
9 am
12 m
12 m
10 am
I
Pier 13
Pier t
Pier 13
PMS3
Pier 2
Pier 8
4 pm
2 pm
11 am
12 m
9 am
10 am
Pier —
Pier 2
Pier 7
Pier 9
6th St.
Pier 11
Pier 13
1:30 p
9 am
Pier 9
Pier 11
5 pm]
2 pm
11 am
5 pm
2 pm
2 pm
Pier 2
Pier 3»
Pier 24
Pier 2
Pier 2
Pier 2
I 9 ami
[Pier 11
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
Chas. Nelson... Skaguay & Way Ports. July 17
City of Seattle. Ekagruay & Way Ports. July 19
City of Topeka Skaguay & Way Ports. July 19
Chas. D. Lane. Nome & Teller City July 20
Cottage City... Skaguay & Way Ports. July 22
Farallon Skaguay & Way Ports. July 22
Victorian Skaguay & Way Ports. July 23
Queen Skaguay & Way Ports. July 24
Excelsior Cooks Inlet & Way Pts July 25
Nome City Nome & Teller City.... July 25
Humboldt Skaguay & Way Ports. July 25
Time Time Time
Date Ft. Ft. Ft
L W H W L "W
17 ..!_ 6:20 -0.7 1:20 "Ti 6:18 2.5
H W L. W H W
18... 0:27 5.8 7:00—0.3 2:03 6.3
19 ... 1:18 5.3 7:40 0.2 2:41 5.4
20 ... 2:14 4.8 8:20 0.7 3:20 6.4
21 .. 3:12 4.3 8:£6 1.2 4:00 5.3
22 .. 4:16 3. ft 9:40 1.6 4:40 5.3
23 ... 6:20 3.6 10:22 2.0 5:21 5.3
ITimel
H W
L W
7:16
8:13
9:14
10:18
11:14
2.3
2.3
2.1
1.9
1.7
Ft.
I
&~ & Bf B M!f jBj SJw l^i^BB -«P^ftjT.TTSH J*1&X&^ii&mmi?itrL££%i
&&x| You drink some beers that cause bilious headache. Perhaps* Bt|§j
&IH The cause of biliousness is the lack of age — too much haste ji>il
||8i t0 P ut the beer on tbe mar ket. To ferment beer thoroughly l^g]
||g] requires a process of months. Without it the fermentation takes ¦ B?jl
Ppjj place in your stomach. That is the cause of biliousness. frj
lyl Hurried beer is unhealthful. Schlitz beer is kept for months Ipf
|s^| in refrigerating rooms with a capacity of 265,000 barrels — kept f^
Iglj almost at freezing point until it is well fermented. Schlitz beer is W\*k
ppjs never marketed until thoroughly aged. FKJ
l^lj 'Phone Main 447, Sherwood & Sherwood, 212-14 Market St., San Francisco. W^$THE ARMY TRANSPORTS GRANT AND INDIANA PASSING EACH OTHER IN THE GOLDEN GATE. THE
GRANT IS ON HER WAY TO MANILA, WHILE THE INDIANA WAS RETURNING WITH NEARLY A THOU
SAND SOLDIERS AND CIVILIANS.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer Movements.
Castle Rock, from Tacoma. July 16— Fr bark
Bossuet, from Oregon.
HAMBURG-Salled July 12— Br ship Scottish
I«les, for San Francisco.
LIVERPOOL—Salled July 13— Dutch chip
Pax. for Oerson.
VALPARAISO— Sailed July 2— Br ship May
field, for Oreson.
SHARPNESS— Arrived July 14— Fr bark Gen
de Bolfdeltre, from Oregon.
NTANAIMO— Arrived July 15— Ger »tmr Her
monthls, hence July 11; Br Etmr Milton, hence
July 12. * .
Sailed July 13— Nor stmr Tltanla, for Port
Los Anrcles. ¦ .
MANILA- Arrived July 16— U S stmr Han
cock, hence June 25—21 days.
OCEAN STEAMERS. *
LIVERPOOL-Arrived July 1&-Stmr Astoria,
from New York; stmr Dominion, from Port
land, Me: stmr Parisian, from Montreal.
NEW YORK— Arrived July 16— Stmr Grosser
Kurfurst, from Bremen.
Bailed July 16— Stmr Cevic, for Liverpool;
stmr Vittorla. for Marseilles, via Gibraltar.
BOULOGNE— Sailed July 1&-Stmr Bulgaria,
from Hamburg-, for New York.
GLASGOW— Arrived July 16— Stmr Astoria,
from New York.
LIZARD— Passed July 16— Stmr Marquette,
from New York, for London.
Passed July 16— Stmr St Paul, from New
York, for Southampton.
BOULOGNE— Arrived July 16— Stmr Staten
dam, frcm New York, via Rotterdam, and pro
ceeded.
ROTTERDAM— Arrived July 16-Stmr Stat
endam, from New York, via Boulogne.
TO SAIL.
FROM SEATTLE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
WEDNESDAY, JULY 17.
Sun rises 5:00
Sun Bets 7.31
Moon sets ::8:24*p* in.
CHARRED BODY
IN THE RUINS
May Be Remains of "Wil
liam Hoist, Proprietor
of Glass Works.
William Hoist, proprietor of the stained
glass works at 134-136 Guerrero street, is
believed to have perished in the flames at
yesterday morning's lire. After the Fire
Department had left the scene Polic Offi
cer Slattery, while poking among the
ruins at 5:45 a. m., found the body of a
man in the same location as the room oc
cupied by Hoist. The legs had been burned
off below the knees and the arms had
been charred off from the elbows down.
The mutilated trunk was taken to the
Morgue and was viewed by several friends
of Hoist, but the body having been burned
almost to a cinder they were unable to
identify it. But It was known that Hoist
occupied a room in the works, which was
a one-story wooden building, and It was
known that he had disappeared since half
past 9 o'clock on the previous night, and
that no one else was. missing.
The proprietor was unmarried. He had
not been very successful in business re
cently, but he was of a cheerful disposi
tion, and his friends will not entertain
the idea of suicide.
Tho fire was first seen at 2:12 a. m. in
the glass works. The building being of
wood,- well dried, burned very rapidly and
fiercely, and as soon as the vanguard of
the Fire Department arrived a second
alarm was turned In. The glass works
building was burned to the . ground and
all its contents destroyed. It was the
property of William Hoffman. The ad
joining three-story frame building, Nos.
140, 142 and 144, was partly consumed and
nearly all the contents destroyed. It was
owned by Carrie Martin and occupied for
dwelling purposes by herself, J. E. Sulli
van, C. H. Hamm and "W. E. Stager. The
two-story frame ¦ building, 132 Guerrero
street, was badly damaged. It was owned
by Henry Schwarge and occupied as a
dwelling by Philip H. Meyer. Meyer suc
ceeded in getting most of his furniture out
of the house before the fire reached it.
The one-story fwrme in the rear of 132%
Guerrero Is simply a shed used by the
United States Bottling Company. The
loss there was small.
The total damage will reach $25,000. The
origin of the fire is a mystery. It is be
lieved by the fire officials that It orig
inated by spontaneous combustion of
chemicals used in the manufacture of
stained glass.
There is another theory that the fire
may havo been the work of the mysteri
ous incendiary who is believed to have
started several fires in this city within the
last few days.
TBOTTEItS ENTERED FOR
THE SACRAMENTO MEETING
Members of Golden Gate Park Driv
ing Association Arrange the
>;, Several Races.
The Golden Gate Park Driving Associa
tion held a meeting last evening at the
Palace Hotel. The entries for the trot
ting races to be held at Sacramento July
30 to August 3 were arranged. They are
as follows: ;'>¦; ¦''¦
Free-for-all, three in five heats— D. Roberts'
Al Greeor, D. R. Mlzner's Sable Le Grande.
Albert Josephs' Durfee Me, A. F. Jacobs' Eden
Vale, James O' Kane's Sandow.
2:25 class, three in five heats -C. E. Parks'
Imp, J. G. Culcello's Denny Healey, Dr. I. B.
Dalziel's Bejle Hansen, George L. Swett'a
Steve S, J. W. Bonney's Joe Bonney, Dr. A;
McLauRhlln's Alameda Maid.
2:22 claRs. three in five -heats— Neil Prender
east's Bolllver, J. G. Culcello's Porto Rico.
George Gray's Cyrene, H. \V. Meek's Crecre,
J. Doran's Tlrado.
Chamber of Commerce Meets.
The quarterly meeting of the Chamber
of Commerce was held yesterday. The re
port of the executive committee, which
had in charge the reception and entertain
ment of the Congressional Committee on
Rivers and Harbors, was read and ac
cepted. A communication was sent to
William M. Bunker, who is representing
the commercial bodies of San Francisco
at the Trans-Mississippi Commercial Con
gress, requesting that he use his influence
toward having that body pass resolutions
urging the Secretary of War to hasten the
survej's and construction of the impound
ing dams above Marysville.
INSOLVENT MERCHANT.— John W. Har
ris, a retired merchant of Oakland, filed a
petition In Insolvency yesterday ' ln the 1,'nlted
States District Court. He owes $14,407 and has
$15, toy worth of land as assets.
* The trustees of the Mechanics' Institute,
at a regular meeting held last evening,
adopted resolutions censuring Trustee P.
J. Healy, who has been writing public
communications in which he has advo
cated the transfer of the sit© of the Me
chanics' Pavilion to the city for the pro
posed Carucgle. Library. Healy has also
found fault with the management of the
institute. The resolutions that were
adopted by the trustees were based upon
and indorsed a report from the library
committee in which it was asserted that
Healy had been making' mlsstatements
about the institution. He was disputed
squarely on several points. It was denied
in the report that the dissemination of
information and useful knowledge by the
establishment of a library of circulation
and reference had become a secondary
consideration with the trustees.
It was also denied In the report that 60
per cent of tho books purchased by the
trustees were works of fiction, as. since
March, 1900. only a. little over 43 per cent
of the purchased volumes have be«n fic
tion "It certainly ' seems to be to the
credit of the management," ' so reads the
report, "that while 82 per cent of the cir
culation was fiction, only 43 per cent of
the books purchased were of that classi
fication." Heaiy's assertion that the in
stitute has lost 1000 members since the be
ginning of the fiscal year 1900 and is stead
ily losing members was also denied and
the statements were characterized as
"lacking evidence of a. love of facts and
fairress." An increase of 260 actual pay
ing members was claimed on the showing
of a' gain in $522 in the. collections on ac
count of the dues and entrance fees.
Healy Severely- Censured.
"Mr. Heaiy's evident intent," so reads
the report, "was to bring the library into
disrepute and it is useless to follow out
all the statements, assertions and opinion^
made by him In hfcr communication and
reply to them in detail, as they are all
devoid of accuracy and not entitled to any
consideration from the members of the in
stitute or of the public at large."
The resolutions declared that "the
board hereby condemns the action of
Trustee Healy in publishing the state
ments referred to as an effort to injure
the Mechanics* Institute and the library
and to bring them into disrepute without
the least foundation upon the facts as
they exist."
After this action Trustee Healy moved
that a committee of three should be ap
pointed to consult with the municipal gov
ernment concerning the Carnegie Library
and the site. No one seconded the mo
tion. Various propositions to the trus
tees in reference to the site of the Me
chanics' Pavilion are still before a com
mittee, which is expected to report at the
next regular meeting, which will take
place August 6.
Declare His Intent Is to
Bring Library Into
Disrepute.
Trustees of- Mechanics'
Institute Adopt
Resolutions. ,¦
FELLOW MEMBERS
CENSURE HEALY
Among those, D. S. Abernethy and P. A-
Draper were of the expedition sent out to
Sumatra by the Smithsonian Institution to
watch the eclipse of the sun. Professor
E. E. Barnard, H. D. Curtis, W. W, Din
widdie, L. E. Jewell. I\ B. Littell, S. E.
Mitchell and Mr. Peters were sent out by
the naval authorities for the same pur
pose. Professor Barnard says the expe-
M. Anthony. D. S. Abernethy. C. G. Abbott,
H M. Andrews. R. E. Ainsworth, Mrs. D. G.
Baker, child and nurse; Mrs. C. II. Brooks
and ch!!d; Slrf. Burnham and child, P. Baxtsch,
Miss Eash, Professor E. E. Barnard. First
Lieutenant Buckey. McD. Coffey. H. D. Cur
tis. Miss Edna Day. Major F. L. Ix>dds. Miss
C. L. £>8nford. Miss L. B. Durkee, Charles M.
Duffy, P. A. Draper, W. W. Dinwiddie, R. A.
Daniels. F. X\\ Edmonds, Mrs. Evans and
child. Mrs. Capron. Professor N. S. Ichelberger,
Mr. EowanJs, Mrs. Foote. children and nurse,
<"arta:n A. C. Gillem and wife. J. A. Goiree,
Majir S. Howoli, Mrs. B. F. Hardaway, Mrs.
J. \Y. Heard and children. Miss Emily Town
tend C A. Hasting?, G. M. Hunt, E. A. Jones,
L. E. Jpwell. Captain H. L. Kinnison, F. B.
LittPil, Li«>uteni»:jt C. H Lanza, Second Lieu
tenant Kimme'.. J. C. Munchen, Mrs. L. Mehr
ir.g. Mrs. Meacham, Mrs. Jleston, S. E. Mltch
ell. Captain E. B. Maione. wife and children:
Lieutenant John McManus, Captain J. B. Mc-
I>onald, Mrs. Lockhard. F. O. Nash. George L.
Porter. Mr. Peters, Captain J. H. Parker, wife
and children. Captain A. W. Perry, Captain
Charles H. Payne. Mrs. J. W. Richardson,
CapUlB W. U. Randolph. Major H. E. Robin-
Fun. J. A. Rogers, H. D. Smith. Mrs. Sol
Smith. Captain II. L. Street and wife. Pro
fessor A. N. Skinner. A. Von Nyvenheim, P.
S. Wood. Mrs. O. Woodcock. Mrs. Wagner
and daughters. Mm. Wilner, Major H. D. Wise.
Captain H. O. •Williams, Miss Clara M. Zellar.
child of Mrs. D. J. Baker, and Lieutenant
Youngberg.
The chartered transport Indiana arrived
from the Philippines yesterday with a bat
talion of field artillery and four companies
of coast artillery. The field artillery and
the Twenty-ninth company of coast ar
tillery will be stationed at the Presidio.
The Thirtieth company will go to either
Fort Baker or San Diego, the Thirty-sec
ond company to Kort Lawton, Seattle, and
the Thirty-third company to Fort Canby.
The following rained came home in the
ca bin of the Indiana:
Hast of the Volunteers.
Brings Home From the Philippines
AKBIVAL OF THE INDIANA.
THE army transport Grant sailed
for the Philippines via Honolulu
yesterday and passed the Indiana,
homeward-bound. In the Golden
Gate. The Grant took away
thirty-nine men of the coast artillery for
garrison work at Honolulu, six members
of the hospital corps, four casuals and the
following named cabin passengers, nearly
all of whem arc for the Philippines:
Mrs. L. C. Bailey. Captain J. Baxter, Colonel
C. S. Roberts, wife and daughter; Colonel C.
A. H. JlcCauley. Major J. E. Sawyer. Major
E. Davis, v.-ife ajid daughter; Captain B. B.
Ray. wile and clerk: Captain Murray Bald
win, Captain Carl Zalinski, Captain C. H.
Ccnrad. Captain Carl Reichmann, Lieutenant
William H. Haslcell and wife. Lieutenant XV.
W. Fiscus Jr., Second Lieutenant E. K. Ster
ling. Second Lieutenant Guy Kent. Second
Lieutenant Copley Er.os, Major U Grandy, wife
ar-d child: Majcr G. \V. Adair, Major George
P. Peed, Major James S. Wilson. Captain Al
bert H. Eber, Captain Ira A. Allen. Captain
Charles H. Andrews, wife and child; Captain
R E. Williams. Lieutenant W. Hartsock. Clara
Thatcher, J. Mary Weir. Mary B. Talcott, Mary
V Layton, John D. Beuret, Edward M. Shipp,
Dr. W. S. Washburn, Anson H. Hlgley. Mrs.
Mary D. Smith and child. Miss Dusenbury,
Mrs. C. O. Hedokln and child. Mrs. Tetamore,
eon and daughter; R. S. Wright, G. W. Cow
eill, Harry L. Olmstead, G. A. Courtwnght,
Mrs. Cowle?, Polly Patton. Mrs. D. J. O'Con
ntll. Francis H. Evans and General M. I. Lud
ington and wile.
Postal clerks for Honolulu— Samuel Beatty.
Edgar M. Brown, John I. Peterson. Robert E.
Braden and E. J. Hackett.
Quartermaster General Ludington had
quite a crowd of people down to see him
away. Major General Young was there
and remained umil the steamship sailed.
Captain Batchelder went out in the
stream with the Grant and a number of
others followed the transport along- the
front on the Slocum. Among those who
went away was John D. Beuret. assistant
naval constructor; Dr. W. S. Washburn,
Civil Sen-ice Commissioner, and Miss Pol
ly Patton, the ward of Mrs. Cowles.
BRDCHAM- Passed July 13— Br ship James
Kerr, lrom Antwerp, for San Francisco.
QUEENSTOWR— Arrived July 1&-Bx ship
FOREIGN PORTS.
¦ NEW YORK— Arrived July 15— Stmr Finance,
from Colon.
EASTERN PORT.
POINT LOBOS, July 16, 10 p m— Weather
foggy; wind SW, velocity 16 miles per hour.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
PORT TOWNSEND— Sailed July 1&— Bark
Palmyra, for San Francisco. .
SAN DIEGO— Arrived July 16— Stmr South
Coast, hence July 11.
NEAH BAY— Passed July 18— Bark Palmyra,
for San Francisco: ship Reaper, from Hono
lulu, for Port Townsend.
VENTURA— Sailed July 16— Stmr Aberdeen,
for Saa Francisco.
TILLAMOOK— Sailed July 16— Stmr TV H
Kruter. for San Pedro.
SOUTH BEND— Sailed July 16— Stmr Rival,
for San Francisco.
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived July 16— Stmr
Grace Dollar, hence July 12.
EUREKA— Sailed July 16— Stmr Iaqua, for
San Francisco.
TACOMA— Arrived July 16— Stmr Matteawan,
hence July 12.
Sailed July 16— Chil bark Royal Sovereign,
for Valparaiso.
SEATTLE— Sailed July 15— Stmr Humboldt.
for Skaguay. *
NEAH BAY— Paused tn July 16— Nor stmr
Tellus, hence June 12. for Nanaimo; ship Jabez
Howes, from Honolulu, for Port Townsend.
COOS BAY— Arrived July 16— Stmr Empire,
hence July IS. ,
SAN PEDRO-Arrived July 15— Schr Excel
sior, from Port Blakeiey.
Sailed July 16— Schr Philippine, for Port
NEW WHATCOM-Salled July 15— Stmr Rob
ert Dollar, for San Francisco; etmr Rainier,
for San Francisco. • • .
Arrived July 15— Bktn John Palmer, from
Port Townsend. ¦¦¦¦¦:¦ :.',.. - • :
TELEGRAPHIC.
• SPOKEN.
June 22, lat 38 N, Ion 65 TV— Ship Roanoke,
from Norfolk, for San Francisco.
June 25. lat 11 N, Ian 27 TV— Br ship Lord
Cairns, hence March 13, for Queenstown.
Per Br ship Glenessen— On July 3 spoke Br
ship Galgate, from Callao, bound for Portland.
Reixjrted all well.
Tuesday, June 16.
Stmr G«o Loomis, Brideett. Ventura.
Stmr Bonita, Nopander, San Pedro.
SUnr Acme, Lundouist, Coos Bay.
Stmr Alcazar, Martin. .
Stmr Pomona. Shea, "Eureka.
Stmr GiDsy. Smith, Santa Cruz.
Stmr Samoa. Hansen, .
Stmr Crescent City, Payne, Crescent City.
Stmr Westnort, Ericsson, .
Stmr Scotia. Walvi*. .
Stmr Sequoia, Wlnkel. Fort Brag*.
U S stmr Grant, Brusruire. Manila.
Bark Gatherer, Tounggren, Tacoma.
Barge Santa Paula, McGovern, Ventura.
Schr Lily. Botteer. Umpqua.
Schr Fortuna. Olsen, Eureka.
SAILED.
Tuesday, June 16.
Stmr Geo TV Klder, Randall, Astoria; Oregon
Railroad and Nav Co.
Stmr Pomona, Shea, Eureka; Goodall, Per
kins & Co.
Stmr Corona. Gielow. San Diego; Goodall,
Perkins & Co.
Stmr North Fork, Fosen, Eureka; The Chos
Nelson Co.
CLEARED.
ARRIVED.
Tuesday, June 16.
Stmr Xavarro, Jacobs, 11 hours from. Bowens
Landing.
Stmr Samoa, Hanson, 61 hours from San
Pedro.
Stmr Umatllla, Cousins, 60 hours from Vic
toria and Pupet Sound oorts.
Stmr Indiana. Merle, 26 days from Manila.
Stmr Eureka. Jessen, 23 hours from Eureka.
Stmr Arcata. Nelson, 51 hours from Coos
Bay, vta. Port Orford 43 hours.
Tugr Magele, Lupp, 82 hours from Portland.
Br ship Glenessen, Pritchard, 51 days from
Toire.
Schr Mary Etta, Nyman, 20 hours from
Bowens Landing.
Schr Roy Somers, Solland. 5 days from Wil
lapa Harbor; bound to San Pedro; put in for
a crew.
Shippingflntelligence.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping Merchants.
The schooners Gamble and Okanogan will load
lumber at Gamble for Taku; the Henry Kail
ing, lumber on Puget Sound for Sydney, 40s.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
Mail advices state that the bark James
Tuft, on her maiden voyage from Seattle
for Port Pirie, bad a hard time of it. On
May 8 she was spoken by the German
ship Ebenezer and Captain Piltz asked to
be reported at Sydney, N." S. W., as hav
ing been 'in a heavy storm on April 29-30.
The James Tuft's deck lashing's were car
ried away and a portion of the deckload
and deckhouss went overboard. The
chain plates carried away and the lee rig
ging shifted. A skysail yard lashed to
the • deckhouse went overboard, and the
vessel sprang a leak. The upper topsail
yard was broken and the topgallant mast
sprung. Several sails were carried away.
The transport Hancock, with Adjutant
General Corbin aboard, arrived at Manila
yesterday, having made the run in the
record time of twenty-one days.
"Water Front Notes.
ditions were only partially successful, ow
ing to weather conditions. Mrs. Capron,
v.-idow of Lieutenant Capron, who died
in the Philippines, also came home.
Besides these the Indiana brought from
Manila 306 discharged and furloughed
men, 1S3 general prisoners and thirteen
members of the hospital corps and two
deported men. The latter were Douglas
Brownell and P. J. Skelly. They stowed
away on one of the transports and reach
ed Manila without a cent, so the military
authorities sent them back.
The remains of the following were
brought home:
Captain William H. WUhelm. Twenty-first
Infantry; Corporal C. O'Connor, Company F,
Eighteenth Infantry; Sergeant D. Borstleman,
post commissariat: Wllburg Houser, cook Com
pany D, Twelfth Infantry: Corporal John Rog
ers, Company D, Twenty- flrsfinfantry: Lewis
iL Scholl, hospital corps; A. McCook, private
Company A, Twenty-seccnd Infantry; H. F.
Deenan, corporal, Company G, Twenty-first In
fantry.
Captain Wilhelm and Corporal Rogers
¦were both killed in action on June 10 last.
Captain "VTilhelm was shot twice in the
chest while leading his men into action.
His father is paymaster of the Reading
Railway and lives at Maucb Chunk, Pa.
Among the prisoners are the following
under life sentences for murder:
Edward M. Drodls. J. F. Coffey.' John H.
Schmidt and Frank McRea. Joseph P. Ker
shaw. twenty years for assault and robbery;
John Joyce, twenty years for desertion; Rich
ard Applewhite (negro), twenty years for fel
ony, and "William Wilson^ thirty years for
murder.
Visitors will find at Sanborii & Vall's, 741
Market street, between Third and Fourth,
the best line of California -souvenirs and
postal cards, stationery, fancy leather
goods, camera supplies and park and city
views to be had anywhere. All members
of the Epworth League and their friends
cordially invited to visit the store of San
bcni. Vail & Co., whether wishing to pur
chase or not •
Epworth. League
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of tho
day In the order of 'occurrence as to time of
day; the third time column gives the last tide
of the day, except when there are' but three
tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights given
are In addition to the soundings on the United
States Coast Survey charts, except when a
minus (— ) sign precedes the height, and then
the number given Is subtracted from the depth
given by the charts. The plane of reference la
the mean of the lower low. waters.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JULY 17, 1901.
GENERAL LUDINGTON DEPARTS
ON LONG TOUR OF INSPECTION
works that are not on hand. He also hita
at certain second-hand book dealers, gay-
Ing that .when a new bulletin of impor
tance has been Issued they have secured
many copies, which was easy to accom
plish, as any one' they sent would be
served on application freely. Dealers, he
says, have sold bulletins and other pub
lications to the public at prices as large
as they could obtain 1 . To have a price
charged by the bureau would stop this
practice and protect tho public in the long
run, in ad/1 it ion to providing the revolv
ing fund, -which he considers linportant.
The Civil Service Commission will In
vestigate the dismissal of James CLeary
as market inspector by the Health Board.
O'Leary condemned a cow without hav
ing seen the animal.
TATE MINERALOGIST AUBURY
(j^^ has decided to make an innbva-
tion. He says that a price will be
te^-J/ charged for the publications of the
State Mining Bureau. This applies
to certain publications now in the library,
and also to those that are to be issued
hereafter. Heretofore all the issues of
printed matter from the bureau, from the
date of the establishment of the bureau,
have been free and every citizen of the
State was entitled to receive copies as
long • as they lasted. In addition to the
charge 'for the bulletins, reports, etc.,
postage will be required. A little printed
slip has been prepared under Aubury'a
direction to be sent out to inquirers, in
which prices are quoted as follows: First
biennial report, $1; third biennial report,
Aubury'g explanation is that he thinks
there ought to be a revolving fund, and
that hia move is In that direction. The
purpose of the fund would be to supply
money to pay for the cost of getting out
new editions of any work of the bureau
that is in demand but Is not in stock. The
allowance of $7000 made by the last Leg
islature will be needed, he says, to pay
for the new bulletins to be prepared on
the copper resources of the State and
other topics. There "will be no money
available for the republication of old
$1; bulletin No. 2, "Methods of Mine Tim
bering'," 30 cents; bulletin No. 5, "Cyanide
Process," fourth edition, 35 cents: bulletin
No. 6, "Gold Mill Practices ln California."
50 cents. There are other prices ranging
from 23 cents upward to <3 cents, each
with pcstage*addcd according to the reg
ular postal charges.
AUBURY DECIDES TO CHARGE
FOR BULLETINS AND REP0RT5
9
STATIONS,
oria
o
'. *
i
i
.30.06
Hp> H=- «n sis S3
!f|||||H
C3 H-Nff Ooudjr 0
Astoria
30.06 C3 54
1 Baker 29. 82 82 B2 N Cl«ar 0
Careon 29. S4 S2 52 TV Clear 0
Eureka 89.04 64 66 NW Pt Cldy .01
Fresno 29.82 94 58 N"W Clear 0
Flagstaff 29.84 86 62 SW Clear 0
Pacatelio. Idaho. 29.72 82 54' W Clear T.
Independence 29.66 82 64 S Clear 0
Los Angeles 29. SO S2 64 W Clear 0
Phoenix 23.66 104 80 SW Clear 0
Portland 29.98 72 54 NW Pt Cldy 0
Red Bluff 29.80 92 62 BE Clear 0'
Roseburs 29.92 76 68 NW Clear 0
Sacramento .29.82 90 5S SW Clear 0
Salt Lake 29.72 96 72 NW Clear 0
San Francisco.... 29. 96 60 50 W Clear 0
San Luis Obispo.. 29.92 S2 48 "W Clear 0
San Diego 29.84 68 60 SW Clear 0
Seattle 30.02 72 64 W Cloudy .02
Spokane 29.90 SO 54 W Clear 0
Neah Bay 80.06 60 62 S Cloudy .03
Walla Walla 29.86 86 60 NW Clear 0
Wlnnemucca 29.74 86 54 W Clear 0
Tuma 29.70 104 82 S Clear 0
STATIONS.
=* z*
?9P H=- S.JT
hk »; "^3
3 a 3 a <!S
?c ?c
ii:3^
go
fa
: ?
Vapa 75 48 S Clear
Jan Jose 79 63 N Clear
Kollister 79 68 Clear
Centura 72 63 Clear
Santa Maria 70 63 Clear
0
0
0
0
0
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Fcls & Co., makers, Philadelphia.
Your grocer returns your
money if you don't think so.
Soap and Naptha— Fels-
Naptha soap — more efficient
than soap. Saves half the
work and discomfort of
washday.
1A/. X. HESS.
K0TAET PCBLIO AKD ATTORRET-AT-LiW.
Tenth Floor. Room 1015, Clans Spreckels Bid*.
Telephone Brown 831.
Besldence. 821 California st., below Powell.
£aa Francisco.
DR. CROSSMAN'S
SPECIFIC MIXTURE
For the Cars of Gonorrhoea, Gloats,
Strictures and analogous complaint*
of tho Organs of Generation.
Price tt * bottle. For Mlt.br druggists.
/Ov OR. K6 TOY KEE,
|£^ -J A 210 STOCKTON ST..
13^^ 3 £an Francisco, Cal.
*^ W Has recently established
V^ 2/ the Tea and Herb Sanita-
tSS*" -a? - rtum ln this city. All man-
)*-* ner of diseases, both exter-
nal and internaI - * n<J all
JF&' ~Ajie&pf rciannT of local disease* are
XS&k 'J*frr*rl7 f klllfully treaU-d without
qmimgRMflW performing ajiy kind of
operation whatever. ;
I and all w 9i # a p:<j : ;r ;. : .-
I all sorts of f©osi ? ¦ /¦•«'. '"^
I e©©k@d in all s©i*ts I . JL * %BE®1
I of wa^ can keep / j| fcpf§|
I perfect by J §§\
I Evepy Til&n Wlus% Ba Thai: to Rotain His j§j
I health and Digestion. >^^^r P
K| There are thousands of people In this world who eat no meat B^gtavpep^ fej
6 from one year's end to another, and certain savage tribes in Af- E^SSSS^ j|k
rica and Polynasia are almost exclusively meat eaters; but because It directly Interested me; and at tho next farm Tin. "P
;| while there are thousands of these, there are millions who live qaired at the first dm? store and bought a package for fllty p
9 upon a mixed diet of meat, vegetables and grains and If num- ' ceQt and frQm d t0 tWs j haTe never been 1 , Kbm!t M
£ . bers is a criterion it would seem that a mixed diet Is the bett them _ rbjBy pleasant tablets, not a •ecret patent |g
g* for the human family. medicine but composed of yegetable essences, pur© pepsin. Kg
I The fact that you will find many vegetarians who appear frult and Golden Seal; beln? ln toblet form they neverlose g
I healthy and vigorous and many meat eaters equally so. and any tnelr qualltles llto a Uquld me dlclne would, but we always $S
is number of robust specimens who eat both meat and vegetables fresh and ready for use tfc
1} and anything else that comes their way all goes to show that ..j carry a box , Q y pockeS conttnna ny, ana wheneTer I W
I the old saw is the true one, that every man must be a law to Befl symptoms of indigestion I take one, also one after each K
jg himself as to whafhe shall eat and drink. me al. and for a year and a half I have not lost a day by reason f§
I To repair the waste of tissue in brain workers as well as to O f poor health and can eat anything and relish what I eat; my g
I replace the muscle and sinew of the laborer, can only be done digestion Is absolutely perfect as far as I can judge from my Eg
I through the process of digestion. .- triOn& and although there may bo other stomach medicines g
I Every nerve, muscle, sinew, every drop of blood is extracted just as good as Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets, I do not know what M
I from the food we eat and digest. they are. Certainly for people who travel they are far ahead of E§
1 In these days of hustle and worry, and artificial habits of u ld medlclDet 89 they are convenient, they can be gg
I Me. scarcely one person In a thousand can lay claim to aper cirrIed , a tn6 ket and used wneneTer nee ded." P\'
§ ' feet digestion; dyspepsia is a national affliction and Stuart's . The Rey _ F j BeUj B um7 esteemed minister residing m • fl
I Dyspepsia Tablets a national blessing. -. Weedsport, Cayuga Co., N. Y., In a recent letter writes as fol- K
I Most cases of poor .digestion are caused by failure of the , ow9 . . <Tnere neTer teeQ that j naTe tnat g§
I Btoraach to secrete sufficient gastric jujce, or too little Hydro- has relleved tne dyspepsU from wWch x naTC 8uffered for tea g
I chloric acid and lack of peptones and all of these Important es- s except the new called Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets. ffi
I sentials to perfect digestion are found in Stuart s Dyspepsia s , nce takmg them j haT8 nad no d , 3treM at aU ter gg
I Tablets Inconvenient palatable form. and again after long years cak sleep well. Rot. F. I. Bell, §§]
Si One or two of these tablets taken after meals Insure perfect Weedsport, N. Y., formerly Idalla, Colo." g9
\ digestion and assimilation of the food. Mr. Judson A. Stanion, the great Church and Sunday raH
a v Cathartic pills and laxative medicines have no effect what- School worker and president Christian Endeavor Union, ft-a
H ever in digesting food and to call such remedies a cure for St. Louis, Mo., says: . "I have had to be extremely careful what gll
* dyspepsia is far fetched and absurd. 1 ate. Many things were Indigestible, and after a hearty dinner js)j
S Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets contain pepsin free from animal I could scarcely keep awake. I never have been sick ln bed, §H
I matter, diastase and other digestives, and not only digest all but have had a great deal of inconvenience from indigestion. Kj
j&j - wholesome food but tend to increase the flow of gastric juices Since I learned of the merits of Stuart's Tablets I keep them m jfei
' and by giving the weak stomach a much needed rest bring about my desk or carry them ln my pocket, and find that I can eat raa
\\ a healthy condition of the digestive organs and a normal ap- anything at all without discomfort. They were recommended l|3
I \ petite. to me by a friend who Is enthusiastic ln their praise. I cannot |||
H Mr. R. W. Wlncherdon, a commercial traveler from Blrm- afford to be drowsy after lunch, and find these tablets just the ¦ j*p
3| . ingham, whose business keeps him almost constantly on the thing to assist digestion and keep all my faculties wide awake." E|j
$j ' road, relates ln the Sunday News the dangers to health result- Mr. N. J. Booher, Chicago, 111., writes: "Catarrh U<a local g9
E ' Ing from constant change of residence and the way he over- condition resulting from a neglected cold In the head, whereby |&g
]£ came the usual Injurious effects. the lining membrane of the nose becomes Inflamed and tho EjS
I He says: "One thing people traveling cannot very well avoid poisonous discharge therefrom passing backward into tho ?5l
I Is the constant change ln water and food; the stomach never throat reaches the stomach, thus producing catarrh of the stem- «§
§ has an opportunity to become accustomed to anything and In a ach. Medical authorities prescribed for me for three years for 19J
few years or much sooner the average traveling man becomes catarrh of stomach without core, but to-day I am the happiest £*m
P a hopeless dyspeptic. of men after using only one box of Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets. Eh
I "For several years I suffered more or less from Indigestion, I cannot find appropriate words to express my good feeling. |Vi
Y sour stomach, headaches, distaste for food, often no appetite, I have found flesh, appetite and sound rest from their use." tcS
|i gas on the stomach and the usual unpleasant effects of taper- Nervous, thin-blooded, run-down people should bear la gMj
)f feet digestion. mind that drugs and stimulants cannot furnish good blood, ga
ty "Nearly every traveling man has his favorite remedy for dlf- strong muscles and steady nerves; these come only from whole- gjs
m ferent troubles and I tried all of them with Indifferent results. some food, thoroughly digested; a -fifty cent box of 8tuart's Im|
I Finally on the train between Pittsburg and Philadelphia one Tablets taken after meals for a few weeks will do yoa more Kg
1 day, I overheard a conversation between two ladles, one of real good than drug3, stimulants and dieting combined." rag
I whom had suffered severely from Indigestion and stated she _ Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets Is probably the safest, most pop- vjl
I had been completely cured -by a remedy which she called ular and successful digestive on the market and sold by druggists (SH
|j Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets; I remembered the conversation everywhere hi the United States, Canada and Great Britain. f£*|Available Grain Supply.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— ' ¦ • Sept. Dec.
Opening 6 5% 6 7
Closing 5 5% 5 6%
• " . PARIS.
Wheat— July. Sept.-Dec.
Opening :::... ..r. :.:?.\..i. Holiday."
Closing Holiday.
Flour —
Opening Holiday.
Closing- Holiday.
Foreign Futures.
Continued on Page Thirteen.
THE COAST RECORD.
change Gas and Electric waa higher at HI KF' %
@43 25 and Honokaa Sugar lower at $13 50(313.
The other stocks were quiet and unchanged.
There was nothing new in the oil stocks.
The light stocks were stiong In the afternoon.
Gas and Electric selling; at $45 75@46 25 and
Pacific Gas at $43. Makaweli Sugar was lower
at $34 30.
The California Fruit Canners' Association
has declared a monthly dividend of 60c per
share, payable on the 20th. -
The Central Light and Power Company will
pay a dividend of 4c per share on the 20th
The California Powder Works Company will
pay a dividend of $1 per. share en Saturday.
The Fireman's Fund Insurance Company has
declared the usual 3 per cent quarterly divi
dend.
At the annual meeting of the Alaska Tread
well Mining Company on the 15th the follow
ing were chosen directors: William Alvord. E.
On the morning session of the Bond Ex-
STOCK MARKET.
' NEW YORK, July, 16.— The London tin mar
ket has settled down to something like a nor
mal business. Business there was about mod
erate, but the 'market was m the main steady.
Spot closed at an advance of 7s 6d at £136 7s 6d,
while futures were 15s lower, closing at £116.
The local market was quiet, but about steady,
at $27 60@27 SO.. • - . ¦ '
Copper in London closed with a net loss of
Nezv York Metal Market.
CHICAGO, July 16.— CATTLE— Receipts 4750.
including 170O Texans. Market slow; steady.
Good to prime steers, $5 25@6 IB; poor to med
ium, ?3 50@5; stockers and feeders, $2@4 25;
cows,' $2 75@4 50; heifers, ?2 40@4 90; canners',
$1 50@2 40; bulls, $2@4 40; calves, $3 75@6 50;
Texas steers, steady, .
HOGS— Receipts, 25.000; to-morrow, 42,000;
left over, 6000. Market slow and 10c lower.
Mixed and butchers', $5 60@6 05; good to chclce,
heavy, $5 95@6 15: rough heavy, $5 60@5 SO;
light. $5 80@5 90: bulk of sales. $5 80@5 95.
SHEEP— Receipts, 15,000. Market steady.
Lambs Bharply. lower. Good to choice wethers,
$3 90@4 60; lair to choice mixed, $3 40@4; West
ern sheep, $3 75@4; yearlings, $4 10@4 63; na
tive lambs closed 25c to 40c lower at $3 75@
4 25; Washington range lambs, $5 70.
. . . ST. JOSEPH. .
ST. JOSEPH, July 16.— CATTLE— Receipts,
2163. - Market strong on best, others steady to
weak. Natives, $4 10@4 SO; cows and heifers,
$1<J?>4 75; bulls and stags, • $2 25@4 90; stockers
and feeders, $2 25@4 35; veals, $2<j?5 25. ¦
HOGS— Receipts, 17,500; 10c to 15c lower: plgrs,
10c lower. Light and light mixed, $5 55@5 75;
medium and heavy, $5 7(Xg6; pigs, $3 90@4 90;
bulk,- $5 60@5 SO. '
SHEEP— Receipts, 945. Market, 25c to 60c
lower on spring., lambs; sheep Bteady to 25c
lower, mostly 15c to 25c -off; top spring lamba,
$5 50. : • : .¦ - . ' ¦ .-
CHICAGO.
Eastern Livestock Market.
CHICAGO. July 16..— The Earl Fruit Com
pany sold California fruit at auction to-day
and realized the following prices: Pears —
Bartletts, boxes, $2 30^2 65, average $2 36.
Prunes— Tragedy, single crates, $1 50@l 70, av
erage $1 65. Peaches — Early Crawfords, boxes,
average $1 50. Prunes — Germans, single crates,
average $1 65. Six cars sold to-day. Weather
hot.
BOSTON, July 16.— The Earl Fruit Company
sold California fruit at auction to-day and
realized the following prices: Prunes — Trag
edy, single crates, $1 45@1 75, average $1 62.
Peaches— Hale' s Early, boxes, 80c@$l 13, av
erage 97c. Pears— Bartletts, boxes, $2 30@3 90,
average $2 74. Plums — Kelsey Japans, single
crates, $1 30@2 90, average $1 59. Prunes —
SImoni, single crates, $1 05@l 20, average $1 08.
Five cars sold to-day. Weather favorable.
NEW YORK, July 16.— The Earl Fruit Com
pany sold California fruit and realized the fol
lowing prices to-day at auction: Pears—Bart
letts, boxes, $2 40(g2 90, average $2 75; halves,
$1 S5@l 85, average $1 591 Prunes— Tragedy,
single crates, $1 76@2 35, average $2 18: SImoni,
single crates. Jl 60@l 70, average $1 66. Nec
tarines—Single crates, $1 35@1 70. average $1 62.
Plums — Kelsey Japans, single crates, $2 25@
2 85, averace $2 48; Burbanks, single crates,
$1 45@1 70, average $155; California Red, sin
gle crates, $2@2 10, average $2 OS; Satsuma,
single crates, average $1 55. Plums — Comedy,
single crates, average $1 60. Figs— Black, av
erage S5c. Peaches— Early Crawfords, boxes,
$1 25@1 45, average- $1 32; St. Johns, boxes, 80c
@J1 60, average $1 45. Eight cars sold to-day.
Weather hot.
PHILADELPHIA,' July 16.— The Earl Fruit
Company sold California fruit at auction to
day, realizing prices as follows: Peaches —
Early Crawfords, boxes, $1 15; St. Johns,
boxes, 95c@$l 45, average $1 31; single crates,
$1 30@l 45, average $1 32. i Pears— Bartletts, half
boxes, $1 30@l 50, average $1 47. Plums—Wick
sons, single . crates, • $1 85@2 15, average $2.
Prunes — Tragedy, single crates, $2 10@2 15, av
erage $2 11. Three cars sold to-day. Weather
hot.
NEW YORK, July 16.— There was a show. of
strength in the early stock market to-day, but
It was mostly dissipated before the close. The
attention to the crop news and the reports over
night of rains was a strong influence in the
advance of the. corn carrying railroads, which
extended to from 2 to 2% in the most prominent
members of the group, Atchison leading. The
sharp rally in the corn market late In the day
and the language of the weekly Government
crop report depressed the corn-carrying roads,
and Just before the close St. Paul fell to a
sharp fraction under last night. The United
States Sieel stocks were apparently pegged,
and their unyielding support discouraged mere
raiding tactics on the part of the bears, but
the insiders who bought the stocks had to ac
cept a continued stream of liquidation all day.
There seemed to be Influential buying also of
the Pacifies, Grangers and Southwesterns, but
it consisted in the acceptance of offerings
rather than of active bidding for stock, and
not much resistance was offered to the late re
action. The banks show no evidence of a desire
to foster renewed speculation, and are asking
rather highar rates for time money. Call loan
rates receded, but without resulting in any
actual pressure of money to loan, and sterling
exchange was also easier this morning,- al
though it stiffened again before the close.
Favorable progress was reported In the Lon
don stock exchange settlement; The sub-treas
ury is contributing to the money market and
that institution's debt at the clearing-house to
day ran up to $2,690,S96, due to heavy pension
payments and to payment of a check for Klon
dike gold deposited on the Pacific Coast. The
relaxation thus variously . Indicated of require
ments upon the New York money market was
the important factor in the firmer and quieter
stock market to-day. The headlong liquida
tion of last week and yesterday morning was
thus shown to be unnecessary. There is no dis
position, however, to encroach upon the
money market supplies, which, it is believed,
will be certainly needed at an early period in
the croi> movement.
The railroad bond market was quiet and ir
regular, with a narrow range. Total Bales, par
value, $1,435,000. '.
United States 3s, the old 4s and the 5s ad
vanced ft and the new 4s declined ft per cent
on the last call.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Share« Closing
Sold. Stock— . . Bid.
6,100 Atchison 73%
1,200 Atchison prefd 95ft
2,600 Baltimore & Ohio 95ft
Baltimore & Ohio prefd 91
1,400 Canadian Pacific 100%
.' Canada Southern 66
2,700 Chesapeake & Ohio 42%
1,200 Chicago & Alton 36%
600 Chicago & Alton prefd 75
Chicago, Burlington & Quincy 194ft
200 Chicago, Ind & Louisville 31%
200 Chicago, Ind & Louisville prefd 69
300 Chicago & Eastern Illinois... 126
2.2C0 Chicago & Great Western 22ft
200 Chicago & Great Western A prefd.. 81
Chicago & Great Western B preW.. 45
1,300 Chicago & Northwestern ?..193
200 Chicago, Rock Island & Pacific 140%
500 Chicago Terminal & Trans... 19
1,300 Chicago Terminal & Trans prefd.... 37
600 C C C & St Louis S9
1,000 Colorado Southern 12%
' Colorado Southern 1st prefd 48
Colorado Southern. 2d prefd 20
1,300 Delaware & Hudson 156
700 Delaware, Lackawanna & Western.219ft
500 Denver & Rio Grande 41
900 Denver & Rio Grande prefd 90«,
21.800 Erie ;.. 35%
3,800 Erie 1st prefd •. '.'. 65%
Erie 2d prefd.. 49
200 Great Northern prefd 174%
Hocking Valley 49
200 Hocking Valley prefd 73U
2,400 Illinois Central 148>4
400 Iowa Central 35'
SOO Iowa Central prefd 72%
Lake Erie & Western 54
100 Lake Erie & Western prefd 115
S.OGO Louisville &. Nashville 103%
6,800 Manhattan Elevated 117.
2.500 Metropolitan Street Railway 166%
2,809 Mexican Central ." ...23%
600 Mexican National 9%
300 Minneapolis & St Louis 107- :
1T.900 Missouri Pacific ...:... ....... ........104
New York Stock Market.
California Fruit Sales.
EASTERN MARKETS.
Hollister— Clear; hay crop large; good quality;
wheat yielding well.
San Jose— North wind, foggy during evening
and night; weather continues favorable.
Ventura — Honey crop county estimated at 300
tons.
Santa Maria — First week of threshing not
yielding like oats and barley; bean growth un
changed.
Napa— South, clear. Prunes doing nicely;
light crop.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE,
% Forecast Official.
SPECIAL DAILY FRUIT SERVICE.
The pressure has risen slowly over the north
ern portion of the Pacific Coast. A moderate
depression overlies the country between the
Sierra and the Rocky Mountains.
A light shower is reported at El Paso.
Throughout' California the temperatures are
slightly below the normal.
Forecast made at San Francisco • for thirty
hours ending midnight, July 16: .
Northern California— Fair Wednesday; light
southerly winds in the interior; fresh wester
ly winds on the coast.
Southern California— Fair Wednesday; fresh
westerly winds.
Nevada— Fair Wednesday, continued ¦warm;
fresh westerly winds.
San Francisco and vicinity — Fair Wednesday;
fresh ¦westerly winds.
FORECAST.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
Temperature — 7 a. m., 50 degrees.
Potatoes continue steady at about previous
prices, with continued -inaulries from tha w«at
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal. Yellow
Mustard, nominal; Flax, $2 50@3; Canary, 3%<fJ
3^ic for Eastern; Alfalfa, nominal; Rape, 2@
2y.c: Hemp. 3V-c; Timothy, 6Uc.
DRIED PEAS— Niles. $1 60 per ctl.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
BEANS— Bayos, $2 25(g2 50; Small White,
$4 75CT4 90; Large White. $3 50<§3 85; Pink. $1 30
<*n 50; Red, $3<fJ3 25; Blackeye, $3; Llmas, $S 15
©6 35; Red Kidney, $4 75. per ctl. .
Beans are being offered freely at declining
prices by brokers and others j who are getting
out from under, though those dealers who
have large stocks of high-priced goods are en
deavoring to hold the market up.- Prices show
considerable revision. There is nothing going
on in Seeds. , - ¦ i
Beans and Seeds.
HAY— New is quotable as follows: Wheat,
$S 50@9 50: choice. $10@10 50; Wheat and Oat,
$8«i9 50; Oat. $C@8 50; Barley and Oat. $7@8;
Alfalfa, $8@9 50; Clover, nominal; Volunteer,
$5®7.
STRAW— 35@42%c per bale.
Although Hay Is quoted weak, dealers are
reporting occasional cars of choice Wheat over
the quotations, as this description is running
scarce. Volunteer, is dull. There is no change
In FeedstufTs.
BRAN— $17 50@18 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $19 G0@21 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley, $16 50@17 50
per ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill; $25@26; job
bing, $26 50; Cocoanut Cake, $17018; Corn Meal,
$2S@29; Cracked Corn, $28 50@29 50; Mixed Feed,
?16 50@>17 50. ' ¦ '-
Hay and Feedstuff's.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75; Rye
Meal, $2 50; Rice Flour, $7; Corn. Meal, $3; ex
tra cream do, $3 75; Oat Groats, $4 75; Hominy,
$3 75@4; Buckwheat Flour, $4@4 25; Cracked
Wheat, $3 50; Farina, $4 50; Whole Wheat
Flour, $3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels), $6 35@7 85;
In sacks, $6@7 50; Pearl Barley, $5; Split Pea&,
$5; Green Peas, $6 50 per 100 lbs.
FLOUR— California Family extras, $3 23@
3 50, usual terms; Bakers' Extras', $3 15@3 25;
Oregon, $2 60@2 75 per barrel for family and
$2 73@'3 for bakers'; Washington bakers', $2 75
@3. •
Flour and Millstuffs.
RYE— Continues dull at 72%@77%c. per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— None in first hands.
CORN— Although the weather in the Corn
belt is not as trying, the crop Is not yet out
of the woods by any means, and buying was
the order of the day again at Chicago. The
market declined from 49%c to 4Sc, but recovered
to 50%c.
This market is nominal, and the demand is
Insignificant. Prices are unchanged.
Small round Yellow, $1 50; Eastern Yellow,
$1 42%; White. $1 47%; Mixed, $1 40 per ctl.
WHEAT FREIGHTS— Spot freights are dull
and unchanged at about 3Ss 9d, usual options.
The chartered wheat fleet in port has a regis
tered tonnage of 23,000, against 28,370 tons on
the same date last year; disengaged, 8490 tons,
against 4600; on the way to this port, 204,200
tons, against 198,460.
WHEAT— The foreign markets continued
quiet and without feature.
Chicago dropped from 66%c to 65%c and ad
vancad to 67%c. It was largely a. weather
market. The skies were partly cloudy through
out the West, with light local' showers here
nnd there, occasional thunderstorms and one
or two copious rains. Generally, speaking, the
rainfall amounted to little or nothing. There
were increased reports of blight in the North
west. Bradstreet's gave a decrease in stocks
of 4,442,000 bushels, as follows: East of the
Rockies, 1,842,000; Europe and afloat, 2,600, CCC.
The market was distinguished by excellent
buying, particularly at St. Louis, where the
French importers bought liberally, and 100,000
bushels were worked for shipment to Minne
apolis. At Chicago the class of buyers was the
best for a year. There were bad crop reports
from Minnesota and Kansas.
This market was firm, with an advance in
futures.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, 96ftc; milling, 9S%O
$1 01U per ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— December— 2000
ctls, 99%c.
Second Session — December — 20,000 ctls, $1 00%.
Regular Morning Session — December — 2000 ctls,
$100%: 2000, $100%; 10,000, $1 01; 22,000, $1 01^.
Maj-— 2000. $105%; 2000, $1 05%; 18,000, $1 05ft;
seller 1901, new, storage paid— 2000, 97%c.
Afternoon Session — December — 16,000 ctls,
$101%: 18.000, $101%; 12,000, $1 01U
BARLEY — The market does not share the ac
tivity in Oats and remains quiet, though the
feeling is firm on account of the light spot
stocks. Prices are unchanged. Feed, 73?ic for
choice bright, 71&@72%c for No. 1 and 67%@
68?ic for off grades; Brewing and Shipping
grades, 75@82%c; Chevalier, nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock — No sales.
Second Session — No sales.
Regular Morning Session— No sales.
Afternoon Session— No sales.
OATS — The market has not been as dull as
has generally been reported. In fact, a re
markable demand has been going on for four
or five days. A well-known brokerage firm has
bought up from 40,000 to 50,000 sks, chiefly red,
and will take 50.0CO sks more; believing, in
view of the damage to the Oat crop all over
the world, except on this coast, that the goods
are cheap. But in spite of this sharp demand
and the large sales, prices have not advanced.
Reds are being taken, because the other de
scriptions are in too limited supply for any
activity. Most of the offerings on 'Change
consist of red, very few whites and blacks
being seen. Further large transfers may be
expected, as the demand is still keen.
The Chicago market advanced from 29%c to
31%c:
White, $1 3501 43; Surprise, $1 50@l 55; Red.
97%c@$l 12%; Black, $1 10@l 20 per ctl.
Wheat and Other Grains.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — $4 86
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 S8%
Sterling Cables — 4 89%
New York Exchange, sight ... — 12%
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 15
Silver, per ounce — 68ft
Mexican Dollars, nominal 47 @ 471-a
Exchange and Bullion.
LOCAL MARKETS.
SAN FRANCISCO. July 16-5 p. m
The following maximum temperatures ¦ w«r»
reported from stations in California to-day
Kureka. C4; Mount Tamalpais. 73; Independence
92; Red Bluff, 92; Fresno. 64; Los Angeles 82 :
Sacramento, 82; San Luis Obispo, 82; San Diego,
€S.
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
61; minimum, 49; mean. 55. *
fl20th Meridian-Pacific Time.)
Weather Report.
General Summary— Nearly normal weather
eruditions have prevailed during the week,
with comparatively high temperatures in 60me
portions and light fogs along the coast. Up to
the present time there has been no material 1e-
Jury to grain or fruit from extreme heat or
northers, but field fires have caused consid
erable damage to grain.
Harvesting 1 and threshing are progressing
rapidly in all sections. Small shipments are
being made, but most of the grain will be
etored in warehouses. Reports from nearly all
the grain-growing districts north of the Te
hsrhapi show that previous estimates were in
the main correct: the yield of wheat and bar-
Ify is the largest for several years, and In
fome instances above the average. Both are
excellent in quality. The yield of grain in
Southern California is below average. The
hey crop is one of the best for many years
und of good quality. Sugar beets, hops, corn,
beans and vegetables are generally in splendid
condition, with prospects for large crops.
Pasturage is becoming scarce and cattle are
b^ing driven to mountain ranges.
Much progress has been made during the
week in picking, drying and canning deciduous
fruits. Nearly all varieties are excellent In
quality, but except In a few favored sections
the yield is far below average, lleager re
ports are received from the grape-growing dis
tricts, but indications are that the yield will
be about average, Oranges are in excellent
condition, and a heavy crop Is predicted. Wal
nuts are doing well.
Sacramento Valley — Nearly normal tempera
ture has prevailed during the week, and con
ditions have been favorable for growing crops
end all kinds of farm work. Grain harvest,
hay making and baling have progressed rap
idly. Wheat, barley and hay are of excellent
quality, and in some sections the yield is
above average. Grass and brush fires have
caused slight damage in Tehama County. Green
feed is becoming scarce in some places. Corn,
hops and potatoes are doing well. J Frult pick-
Ing, drying and canning are progressing.
Grapes and citrus fruits are in good condi
tion.
Coast and Bay Sections— Conditions have
b»en generally favorable for all crops, except
that prunes in the Santa Clara Valley have
been somewhat injured by heat. Grain harvest
and threshing are progressing, and good crops
are being gathered. In Sonoma County the
yield is the largest for several years. Hay
baling continues; in San Benito County the
yield and quality are above average. Hops,
corn and sugar beets are In good condition.
Fruit picking and drying are In progress. Ap
riccts and prunes are yielding light crops, but
are mostly of good size. Citrus fruits and
gTapes are looking well.
San Joaquin Valley— Excellent weather pre
vailed during the past week for the ripening
and harvesting- of all crops. The grain harvest
continues to progress rapidly. The yield is
fully up to expectations: the crop will be
large and the quality Is excellent. Considerable
prain has been shipped, but far the greater
portion Is being stored in the warehouses. De
ciduous fruits are ripening rapidly, and in some
localities the apricot crop has been gathered.
Peaches and plums are being handled in large
Quantities. In some localities the crop is good
and in others light. The quality of the fruit
Is reported to be excellent. Canneries and dry
ers are in full operation. Melons are making
rapid progress and are of fine quality. Grapes
are doing nicely and the prospects are for a
large crop. Water for irrigation Is plentiful.
Stock of all kinds are doing well.
Southern Californla^-The weather during the
week has been generally clear and warm with
a few foggy mornings along the coast There
was a trace of rain en the 10th at Poway. A
fair crop of wheat is being harvested, but in
6ome sections the grain is badly rusted The
corn crop will be light. Sugar beets are thrifty
and will yield a good crop. Fruit picking and
drying are progressing; there is a light crop
of most varieties. Grapes, walnuts and citrus
fruits are in trood condition.
Bean Crop Special— Mr. L. E. Blochman of
Santa Maria contributes the following: "Owinst
to unusually cool weather in June and the
damage to vines by worms, the plants are be
low normal size, and the bean crop will be
much less than anticipated. Present condi
tions are very favorable, however. The bean
belt Includes all of San Luis Oblspo County
and Northern Santa Barbara County, and Is
one cf the largest centers for the small white
(navy) bean."
Eureka Summary— Corn and peas are doing
well, but potatoes and root crops generally are
beginning to show the effect of continued dry
weather. Oat haying le progressing finely and
yielding better than was expected.
Los Angeles Nummary— The weather Is favor
able for ripening and drying fruit. Apricot
harvest Is on; crop light. Walnuts are growing
well, but dropping more than usual. The honey
crop Is largo la the southern mountains, where
white cage ia in full bloom.
The weekly report of A. G. McAdie, section
director of the climate and crop service of the
Weather Bureau, is as follows:
The Weather and Crops.
jrfail advices from New York say:
"There is more inquiry in the market both
rt-orc the local and country trade for a number
of lines of spot goods, but sellers do not ap
pear at all sanguine that any material in
crease in actual business \nil result. A little
ertivity is noted in currants and prunes, sale
of an assorted car of the latter being reported
to arrive from the coast at the previous range
of rrict*. Spot prunes are going out very 'well
for the season of the year, mostly to the out
of-town trade. The size most wanted Is 60-70s,
bet 40-50s, 50-60s and 90-100s are also meeting
with some sale In a small way. Apricots are
rteady and in some rc-quest in a jobbing way.
There is a fair export trade In fancy. Some
inquiry is noted for round lots of apricots. No
tales of future apricots were heard of yester
day, hut there were roroe further evidences of
an awakening Interest in the new pack, al
though the general sentiment appears to be
that the Ideas of coast holders must come
down farther before the trade here will buy
to any extent. Some business is going on in
new crop Smyrna figs, but prices are with
held. A fair jobbing business is doing in sed
less Muscatel raisins and evaporated apples.
Prime, choice and fancy apples are firm, but
no .business is heard of in a carlot way. Small
fruits are dull. Imported Sultana raisins are
easier, about 3000 boxes, now due, being offered
at Il^ic, 12>iC and 13%c for 2, 3 and 4 crown
respectively. Nuts are dull. The arrival is
reported of 160 bags of Brazils on the steamer
from Liverpool."
Dried Fruits in Nezv York
Flour, qr sks 22.S43 Hay, tons sn
Wheat, ctls , 1.410 Sugar, tons 1 434
Barley, ctls 7,030 Hides, No 1^87
Oats, ctls 930 Pelts, bdls 40.J
Beans, sks 328 Tallow, ctls 23.>
Potatoes, sks ... 3.SS7 Quicksilver, flsks 102
Onions, sks 314 Lime, bbls Zli
Bran, sks 2.020 Leather, rolls ... 1SS
Middlings .sks .. 483 Wine, gals 12,000
Wool, bales 3S
FOR TUESDAY. JULT 18.
Receipts of Produce.
CANDLES — New quotations are as follows:
Electric Light. 6ft<??3%c: Granite. 7ft@10c: Par
affine Wax, 9ft@9%c; Radiant do, 6®8%c per
set.
LUMBER— Retail prices are as follows: Pin*,
ordinary sires. $1S@19; extra sizes, higher;
Redwood. $18@19: Lath, 4 feet. $3 90@4; Pickets.
$20; Shingles. $2 for common and $2 75 for
fancy; Shakes. $13 for split and $14 for sawn:
Rustic. $23929.
Crushed. 5.75c: Powdered, 5.25c: Candy Gran
ulated, 5.33c; Dry Granulated, 5.25c; Confection
ers' a. 5.25c: Fruit Granulated, 5.23c: Beet
Granulated. 5.13c; Magnolia A. 4.85c; Extra C.
4.75c; Golden C, 4.63c: barrels. 10c more; half
barrels. 25c more; boxes. 50c more: 50-lb bags.
10c more. No orders taken for less than 73
barrels or Its equivalent. Dominos, half-bar
rels. Gc: boxes, 6.25c per lb.
SALT— H. R. H. is quoted at $21 per ton in
¦large sacks and $22 In BCs. Liverpool is quoted
at $19 25@2O for the best and $16^13 50 for lower
grades. Hlsrsins'. $27 50@30 per ton.
QUICKSILVER— $46 50@47 50 per flask for lo
cal use and $40@45 for export.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, per pound, in 10O-lb bags:
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead. 7%@8c
per lb; White Lead. 7ft@8c, according to quan
tity.
COAL OIL— Water White Coal Oil. in bulk.
12%c; Pearl Oil. in cases. 18%c; Astral. 18Uc:
Star, lS%c: Extra Star. 22%c; Elaine, 23%c;
Eocene. 20%c: deodorized stove Gasoline, in
bulk. 15c; In cases. 21c; Benzine. In bulk, 14c;
In cases, 20c; 86-degree Gasoline, In bulk. 20c;
in cases. 26c.
TURPENTINE— £8c per gallon In cases and
52c In drums or Iron barrels.
OILS— California Castor Oil, In cases. No. 1.
75c; pure. $1 30; Linseed Oil. In barrels, boiled.
94c; raw. 92c: cases, 5c more; Lard Oil. extra
winter strained, barrels. 80c: cases. 85c; China
Nut, S3@63c per gallon: pure Neatsfoot Oil.
barrels, 6»c; cases, 70c; Sperm, pure, 65c; Whale
OH, natural white, 37%©42%c per gallon; Fish
Oil. in barrels. 35c; cases. 40c.
LEATHER— Sole, heavy. 28@32c per lb; Sole
Leather, medium, 26@30c; Sole Leather, light.
25@28c; Rough Leather, heavy, 27@23c; Rough
Leather, light, 25@26c; Harness Leather, heavy.
38@39c for No. 1 and 30@33c for No. 2; Harness
Leather, medium. 30@37c; Harness Leather,
light, 29S33c; Skirting. 36®40c; Collar Leather.
15@16c per foot; Kip. unfinished, 40@50c per lb:
Veal, finished, 16.@17c per foot; Belt Knifs
Splits, 14(316c; Rough Splits. 8@10c per lb.
TANBARK— Ground. $26®28 per ton; Stick.
$1S<2'2O per cord.
Guatemala and Mexican— 11%@14%c for prime
to fancy washed; 10@10%c for strictly good
washed: 9%@9%c for good washed; 7%@9c for
fair washed; 7©7%c for medium; 5%@7e for In
ferior to ordinary; 10%@12c for good to prime
washed peaberry; 8%'§9c for good to prime un
washed peaberry; 7%@Sc for good to superior
unwashed.
Nicaragua — ll@14c for prime to fancy washed:
8%@10%c for fair to strictly good washed; T^it?
7%c for good to superior unwashed; 8ft@3%c
for good to prime unwashed peaberry.
Salvador— 12®13%c for strictly prime washed:
9@13%c for good to prime washed; 8^8^40 for
fair washed: 10%@12c for eood to prime washed
peaberry: 8<38%c for good to prime semi
washed: 8@8V*c for superior unwashed; 7 1 >2@7%c
for good green unwashed; 8%@9c for good to
superior unwashed peaberry; a?i@7ftc for com
mon to ordinary.
COFFEE — Costa. Rica— 13^'9'14c for strictly
prime to fancy washed; Il%@i2!£c for prim»
washed; 10%@llc for good washed; U©12%c for
good to Drime washed peaberry; 9%(#10%c for
fair to prime pea berry; 9%'SV>%c for good to
prime: 7%@8%c for fair; 6@7Vic for common to
ordinary.
PACIFIC CODFISH— A local fl3h company
reports the arrival of 206,»94 new fish from
Alaska. Bundles, per lb. oV*c: cases, regular.
5%c; cases, extra large. 6c: cases. Eastern
style, 6%c; boneless, 7ftc; Norway, Tftc; Nar
row Gauge, 7%c; Silver King, 8c; blocks. Ori
ental. 7c; blocks. Seabrisrht, 7%c; tablets. 8c:
middles. Golden State. 7%c: middles. White
Seal. 8%c; 5-lb boxes, fancy boneless, 9c; 2-lb
boxes, fancy boneless, 7%c; desiccated. Gilt
Edge, per dozen. 75c; pickled cod, barrels,
$7 75;. Dlckled cod. half barrels, $4 73.
CORDAGE — The local cordage company
quotes as follows: Pure Manila. 12%c per lb;
Sisal size. 9'^c; Bale Rope, 9c; Duplex. 8',ic.
Terms, 60 days, or 1% per cent ca«h discount.
Lots of 10.0CO lbs, lc less.
COAL— Wellington, $9 'per ton; Southfleld Wel
lington. $9; Seattle. $7; Bryant. $6 50; Cocs Bay.
J5 50; Wallsend, $3; Co-ooerative Wallsend, $9;
Cumberland. $12 50 in bulk and $13 75 In sacks:
Pennsylvania Anthracite 'Exe. $14: Cannel. J10
per ton: Coke, $13 per ton in bulk and $17 In
sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions. $3 45 per
2000 lbs and $S 50 per ton. according to brand.
CANNED FRUITS— Some cutting by outsldft
canners is reported, and it la also said that the
association has been obliged to meet the cuts
to hold the trade. The California Fruit Can
ners quote as follows. In 2U-lb tins: Apples.
$1 15<S)1 55; Apricots, $li@l 50; Cherries, black.
$1 5O@2-. do, white, $1 50<S2: do. Royal Anne,
$1 60!S2 15: Peaches. yellow. $1 20<R>l 63; do.
Lemon Cling. »1 30®t 75; Eartlett Pears. $1 23*9
1 75; Plums, 90c^?l 25; Nectarines. $1@1 5«,
Muscat Grapes, 93c®$l 35; Quinces, $1 10@l 55;
Strawberries. $1 3O<sT 75; Raspberries. $1 55^2;
Blackberries. *1 30@l 60.
GRAIN BAGS— The bag men are holding their
goods firmly at the quotations. Calcutta Grain
Bags, R»-g'58Vic; local make. Vic less than Cal
cuttas; Wool Bags, 32@35c; Fleece Twine. 7%®
8c; Fruit Bags. 5%@6c for cotton and 8%@S%c
for jute.
General Merchandise.
The demand for Hogs Is good and the pric*
for hard grain fed has advanced. Other grades
remain unchanged. Beef Is weak at a frac
tional decline. There is no change in Mutton
and Veal.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF— 6@6%c for Steers and 5@Sc per lb for
cows.
VEAL— Large, 7@Sc; small, 8®9c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 7<38c; Ewes. 7@7%c per
pound.
LAMB— Spring. 8%@9c per pound.
PORK— Live Hogs, 200 lbs and under, 6%®
6%c; over 200 lbs, 6c; feeders, ; sows, 20 per
cent off, boars 50 per cent off and stags 40 per
cent off from the above quotations; dressed
Hogs, 7%@3%c.
coarse, ll@13c; Oregon, Eastern, choice. ll@13c;
do, fair to good, 9@llc; Nevada. 10@ll%c.
HOPS— 13@20c per lb.
San Francisco Meat Market.
CHICAGO, July 16.— The weather remained
the all-potent factor in wheat to-day, although
at the opening weak cables joined with re
ports of better weather in the Northwest were
influential in considerable liquidation of wheat,
September opening %@%o to %@%c lower at
66c to 65%c. Aggressive local support and re
ports that New York Stock Exchange traders
were buying stemmed the tide almost imme
diately. During the rest of the day reports
were received showing that the situation 'in
the spring wheat territory is practically un
changed. Some claimed considerable damage
In South Dakota. The official weather fore
cast gave slight prospect of better conditions.
Commission houses sold with"' considerable
liberality on small * bulges, but the market
easily handled all offerings, and September
steadily advanced to 67%c. The close was
firm, lc higher at' 67V4@67%c
There was a heavy trade in corn. Scat
tered reports of rain, the appearance of
clouds or of cooler weather, resulting In a
rush of sales at the start, September opening
%c to l%c lower. Numerous ether reports
showing that considerable damage had been
done already and that climatic conditions gen
erally were still against even an ordinary crop
of corn, and the heavy run of hogs, caused a
rally. The close was strong, l%@lfto higher
at 50%®50%e.
Oats were moderately active and displayed
a firmness independent of the strength de
veloped In corn. September closed %@?4o
higher at 31%c.
Provisions were dull and heavy, owing to
the heavy run of hogs and a drop In prices
at the yards. Fluctuations were narrow, clos
ing prices being about as they were at the
opening. September pork closed 7%o lower,
lard 5c lower and ribs 10c' depressed.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles — Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
July 64% 66% 64% 66%
September 66 67% 65% 67%
December 68 69% 67% 69%
Corn No. 2 —
July 47% 49% 46% 48%
September 49 60% 48 | 60%
December 49ft 51% 48% 61%
Oats No. 2—
July 29% 30% 29% 30%
September ' 30% 31% 30»i 31%
May 33% 35 33% 34%
Mess Park, per bbl—
September 14 00 14 17% 14 00 14 10
January 14 05 14 15 14 05 14 15 -
N Lard, per 100 lbs — J
September 8 50 8 55 8 47% ' 8 55
October 8 47% 8 75 8 47% 8 55
January 8 27% 8 30 8 27% 8 27%
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs—
September 7 82% 7 87% 7 82% 7 85
October 7 85 7 87% 7 82% 7 85
January 7 47% 7 50 7 47% 7 47%
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
steady; No. 3 spring wheat, 63c; No. 2 red, 66ft
@67%c; No. 2 corn 49c: No. 2 yellow, 4S%@4S%c;
No. 3 white oats, 34@35%c; No. 2 rye. 50%@32V£c;
No. 1 flaxseed, $1 88; No. 1 Northwestern, $1 88;
prime timothy see'd, ?4 95@-3; mess pork, per
bbl, $14614 05; lard, per 100 lbs, $8 42'/ 2 @8 50;
short ribs sides (loose), $7 75@7 93; dry salted
shoulders (boxed). 7%@7%c: short clear sides
(boxed), %% 30@8 40; whisky, basis of high wines,
31 27; clover, contract grade, $9 50.
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, bbls 30,000 15,000
Wheat, bu 219,000 174.000
Corn bu 419,000 27,000
Oats bu 180,000 322,000!
Rye,' bu 8,000 /
Barley, bu 12.000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was firm; creameries, 14<glSc; dairies, .
12@16%c; cheese, firm, 9@10c; eggs, steady,
12%c.
Mexican Dollars quoted on a lower basis.
Silver and Exciiange undisturbed.
Wheat futures advanced. Barley steady and unchanged.
Heavy transactions in Oats in the local market.
Com nominal at the high prices. Rye neglected. ¦
Beans being offered freely at concessions.
Hay weak, icith ample receipts. Feedstuff s as before.
Potatoes steady at the good prices. Onions about as before.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs show little cliange.
Poultry dull and generally weaker.
Fresh Fruit continues to bring very fair prices.
Dried Fruit quiet. Nuts in light supply and firm.
Raisins and Honey as before quoted.
Provisions very firmly held.
Good Wools continue in active demand. Hides still firm.
Hogs advanced a fraction. Beef slightly lower.
Grain Bags steadily held.
Canned Fruits being cut by outside earners.
An-ival of a large line of new Codfish.
Nothing new in Oils.
Trading still light on the local stock exchanges.
New prices' for Candles.
NEW TORK, July. 16.— FLOUR— Receipts,
38,800 barrels; exports, 34,502 barrels; steady
and fairly active at old prices • ,. '
WHEAT— Receipts, 274,100 bushels; exports,
180,514 bushels. Spot was firm. '. No.- 2 red,
75%c f. o. b. afloat; No. 2 red, 73%c elevator;
No. 1 Northern Duluth, 75ftc f. o. b. afloat;
No. 1 hard Duluth, 83%c f. o. b. afloat. Op
tions opened weak under bearish cables and
cooler Northwest weather, but quickly turned
firm." The strength lasted all day, being helped
by Wall street buying, j active covering " and
good Southwestern demand ; closed very firm
at %c net advance: July, 71 13-16@73ft, closed
73y,c; September. 71 7-16c to 72%c, closed 72%c;
October closed at 73c; December, 73%@74%c,
closed 74%c. -
HOPS— Quiet.
HIDES— Quiet.
WOOL-Dull. :
COFFEE— Spot— Rio, dull; No. 7 Rio In
voice, 6%c: . mild, quiet; Cordova, 8\i<&lZ'Ac.
SUGAR— Raw, steady; fair, refining, 3 9-i6c;
Centrifugal, 96 test, 4 3-16c; molasses eugar,
3 B-16c; refined, steady. . : . -
COFFEE — Futures dosed steady, net 5 to
10 points lower. Total sales. 72,500 bags, in
cluding: July, ?4 S5@4 90; ¦ September, • $4 9C<35;
New York Grain and Produce.
"WASHINGTON, July 16.— To-day's statement
of the Treasury balances in the general fund,
exclusive of the $150,000,000 gold reserve in the
division of redemption, shows : Available cash
balance, $170,869,211; gold, $100,634,047.
easier at 1@4 per cent; last loan and ruling
rate, 2 per cent. Prime mercantile paper, 4@
4% per cent. Sterling exchange Is easier, with
actual business in bankers' bills at $4 87%®
4 87ft for demand and $4 84%@4 84% for sixty
days. Posted rates, $4 85% and $4 88. Commer
cial bills, $4 83%@4 84. Bar silver, 58ftc. Mex
ican dollars, 46*4o. State bonds, easy; Govern
ment bonds, Irregular; railroad bonds, irreg
ular. ' ¦ . , ¦ •
Condition of the Treasury.
NEW TORK. July 16.— Close— Money on call.
New York Money Market.
NEW TORK, July 16.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:.
The stock market to-day was more cheerful
and the natural reaction after the slump and
demoralization of the last few days was en
couraged by .the Cape Premier's strong speech
on the war. In consols the bears scurried to
cover, causing a rally of % to 92%, but there
Is more talk of a f re6h war loan (possibly
£100,000,000). The new Indian loan of £3,000.000
proves a fiasco, only £1,000,000 having been
subscribed. The loan has been withdrawn.
The foreign markets i were more cheerful,
but coppers were weak.
American- stocks opened hard, but business
wa3 confined to two and three hands. London
bought slightly, but most orders, from New
York were feverish and fluctuating. Atten
tion was mainly centered on Atchisons, Union
Pacific and Southern Pacific. United States
Steel was comparatively steady.
OCOSING.
LONDON, July 16. — Anaconda, 8%; Atchison,
76%; Canadian Pacific, 101%; Southern Pacific,
53ft: Atchison preferred, 100%; Denver and Rio
Grande, 42; do. preferred, 92; Union Pacific,
99%; do. preferred, 89.
Bar silver — quiet, 26%d per ounce.
Money— 2@2% per cent.
London Market.
1,200 Missouri. Kansas & Texas 25%
900 Missouri, Kansas & Texas prefd.... bihi
600 New Jersey Central 155
5,000 New York Central 150
600 Norfolk & Western 47%
Norfolk & Western prefd 88
1,000 Northern Pacific prefd 95
8,900 Ontario & Western 30%
P C C & SL Louis 77V4
14.100 Pennsylvania 143
7,100 Heading 37U
15,000 Reading 1st prefd... 74V4
2.C00 Reading 2d prefd 48>V
100 St Louis & San Francisco 41%
2.000 St Louis & San Fran 1st prefd 71
1,000 St Louis & San Fran 2d prefd 69
1,600 St Louis Southwestern 28
20,700 St Louis Southwestern prefd........ 59
8,400 St Paul > 154%
St Paul prefd ,...' 1S4
32,800 Southern Pacific 51%
13,200 Southern Railway "....... 28%
1.000 Southern Railway prefd 83ft
6,000 Texas & Pacific SS
200 Toledo, St Louis & West.... 20
Toledo. St Louis & West prefd 32
7.100 Union Pacific 85
2,900 Union Pacific prefd 87%
1.200 Wabash 19
8,700 Wabash prefd 36
Wheeling & Lake Erie *. , 17%
Wheeling: & Lake Erie 2nd prefd.. 28%
800 Wisconsin Central 20
....... Wisconsin Central prefd 40
Express companies—
....... Adams ...v 170
....... American 188
....... United States 86
Wells Fargo 140
Miscellaneous — "
13.900 Amalgamated Copper 112*4
1,800 American Car & Foundry' 27%
200 American Car & Foundry prefd 83
American Linseed Oil 25
American Unseed Oil prefd 60
1,800 American Smelting & Refining 63
800 American Smelting & Reflng prefd 99%
2,600 American Tobacco 128%
2,300 .Anaconda Mining Co 43V4
7,500 Brooklyn Rapid Transit 76Vi
1,200 Colorado Fuel & Iron 93%
2,600 Consolidated Gas 214
1,000 Continental Tobacco 64%
600 Continental Tobacco prefd 115
2,100 General Electric 245
400 Glucose Sugar 54
100 Hocking Coal , 19
100 International Paper 20%
100 International Paper prefd 76 ¦
1,600 International Power 90%
200 Laclede Gas 94%
600 National Biscuit 41%
100 National Lead 19%
600 National Salt ! 43%
100 National Salt prefd 76%
1,400 North American 100
200 Pacific Coast 62
Pacific Mall 36
4,300 People's Gas 1H
Pressed Steel Car 40
Pressed Steel Car prefd 82%
ICO Pullman Palace Car 206
1,800 Republic Steel 18
300 Republic Steel prefd 72%
8,300 Sugar 137%
600 Tennessee Coal & Iron 57%
POO Union Bag & Paper Company 14%
SOO Union Bag & Paper Company prefd 70%
800 United States . Leather 12%
200 United States Leather prefd 77
200 United States Rubber 19\»
United States Rubber prefd 57%
103,900 United States Steel 38
63.900 United States Steel, prefd ex div.. 86%
3,800 Western Union 90
631,500 Shares sold.
CLOSING BONDS.
U S 2s ref reg 107>4 N Y Cent lsts.;....104%
Do coup 107U N J Cent gen 4s.. .128%
U S 3s reg lOSVi Nor Pacific 3s 72ft
Do coup 109 Do 4s 103%
U 8 new 4s reg 137 NTC&StL 4s. ..107%
Do coup 138 Nor & W con 4s..lO2i£
U S old 4s reg 112% Ore Nav lsts 107
Do coup ....112% Do 4s 102%
U S 5s reg ex lnt:.107% Ore S L 6s 130
Do coup 109 Do con 5s 116%
Dlst of Col 3.63s. .126 Read gen 4s 94%
Atch gen' 4s 103% R G W lsts 101
Do adj 4s 97 . S.L & I M con 5s. 116%
Can So 2nds 109% S L & S F gen 6s.l33%
Ches & Ohio 4%s..lO7% St Paul con 173
Do 6s .119 St P C & P lsts. ...120
C & NW con 7s 137% Do 5s 116%
Do S F deb 5s. ..122% So Pacific 4s 91
Chi Terminal 4s.... 92% So Railway 5s 116
Colo So 4s 88 Stan R & T 6s 65ft
D & R G 4s 101% Tex & Pac lsts....HS%
Erie gen 4s 86»,i Do.2nds 103
F W & D C lsts. 102% Union Pac 4s 104%
Gen Electric 5s.... 200 Wabash lsts 117%
Iowa Central lsts.. 118 Do 2nds 113
L & N uni 4s 101 West Shore 4s 112
M K & T 2nds S4 WIs Cent lsts 86%
Do 4s 97% Vir Centuries »6%
. MINING STOCKS. -¦ . ->
Adams Con 25 Little Chief 12 '
Alice 44 Ontario 9 25
Breece 145 Ophir 60
Brunswick Con .. 13 Phoenix 10
Comstock Tun... 05% Potosl 03- :
Con Cal & Va... 175 Savage 02
Dead wood Terra. 50 Sierra Nevada... 12
Horn Silver 135 Small Hopes 45
Iron Silver 69 Standard 3 25
Leadvllle ' Con 05
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money—. West End 95%
Call loans 4@5 Westing Electric. 68
Time loans 4@4% Bonds —
Stocks— Atchison 4s .102
A T & S F 73% N E Gas & Coke 5s 56
Do prefd 95% Mining Shares —
Amer Sugar 137% Adventure 24%
Amer Telephone ..155 Bingham Mln Co.. 22\i
Boston & Albany. .256 Amal Copper ! 112ft
Boston Elevated... IU Atlantic 35
Boston & Maine. .194 Calumet & Hecla..79O
Dominion Coal .... 38% Centennial 27ft
Do prefd 115 Franklin 17
U S Steel 38 Humboldt 25
Do prefd 86% Osceola 89
Fitchburg prefd. ..144 Parrot 52
Gen Electric 24% Quincy 175
Mexican Central... 23 Santa Fe Copper.. 6%
N E Gas & Coke... 6% Tamarack ..340
Old Colony 208 Utah Mining 29ft
Old Dominion 29% Winona 2%
Rubber 19 Wolverines .'. 58
Union Land 3
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
LONDON, July 16.— Consols, , 92% S silver.
26%; French rentes, lOOf 60c; cargoes on pas
sage, quiet and steady; cargoes No. 1 standard
California, 29s 3d; English country markets,
dull.
LIVERPOOL. July 16.— Wheat, quiet; No. 1
standard California 6s 9d@5s 9V4d; wheat in
Paris, holiday; weather in England, fine.
COTTON— Uplands, 4 19-32d.
Foreign Markets.
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND, Or., July 16.— Clearings, $366,377;
balances, $57,370.
WASHINGTON,
PORTLAND, Or., July 16.—Wheat— Walla
Walla, E5@56c
TACOMA, Wash., July 16.— Wheat steady;
blue stem, 57c; club, 56c.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
LONDON, July 16.— The offerings at the wool
auction sales to-day numbered 13,689 bales and
included a good selection of superior Tasman
ian and Victoria stock. Competition . was good
and prices realized were full. Superior scoured
merinos sold well, while medium cross-breds
were in request. Cape of Good Hope and
Natal, of medium quality, sold at full rates.
American buyers purchased good greasy mod
erately.
Wool Sales.
Australian wools, scoured basis— Spot comb
ings superfine. 71@72c; good, 78@80c; average,
65@67c.
Territory wools, scoured basis— Montana fine
medium and fine, 13@14c; scoured, 40@43c:
staple. 14@15c; scoured, 45047c : Wyoming and
Idaho fine medium and. fine. 13@14c: scoured
price. 40©43c; staple, 14@14%c; scoured, 44@16c.
BOSTON, July 16.— The situation" in the wool
market this week is improved. There has been
a better demand for wool and the market is
showing more strength and activity. Terri
tory wool, fine medium and fine scoured, staple
is quoted at 43@14c, and the strictly staple ar
ticle is gelling at 46@47c. Quotations:
Boston Wool Market.
NEW YORK, July 16. — Cotton futures closed
quiet, with prices 5@10 points net lower.
Neiv York Cotton Market.
Iron slow, the English markets were dull.
Glasgow closed at 52s 7d and Mlddlesboro at
44s 6d. The local price for plgiron warrants
waa $9 50@10.
5s, with spot standing at £67 17s 6d and fu
tures at £68 6a 3d. The market here was dull
and unchanged, with lake at 17c and electro
lytic and casting at 16%e. The production of
copper for June was 22,401 tons, making a total
since the first of this year 133,394 tons, against
134,577 tons for the same period last year.
Lead dull and unchanged, both here and
abroad.
Spelter was dull and unchanged, whilo Lon
don closed 5s higher at £16 15s.
WOOL— Spring. 1900 or 1901— Humboldt and
Mendocino, 14@15^c; do. Lambs' lie per lb*
Northern, free, 12@13c; defective. 9®llc; Mid
dle County, free. 10@llc; do. defective. S®10c;
Southern. 12 months. 8igi9c; Southern, free. 7
months, 7@10c; do, defective, 7 months, 7@8c;
Orcson Valley, fine. 14f315c: do. nudlnm >M
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about l'/4c under : quotations. Heavy salted
Steers. 10»4@llc; medium, 9@10c: light 8W®3c-
Cow Hides, 8H@9Vic for heavy and 8%@3c for
light; Stags, 6%c; Salted Kip. 9V-c: Salted Veal
9%@10c; Salted Calf. 10c; Dry Hides 16%c :
Culls, 14c; Dry Kip. 16c; Dry Calf. 17iSiSc :
Culls and Brands, 14@15c; Sheepskins . shear
lings. 15@30c each: short Wool. 30«50c each
medium, 60<373c: long Wool, 80c<&'$1 each; Hors«
Hides. . salt. $2 50<S2 75 for large and $2®2 "3
for medium, $1 50@l 73 for small and 50c for
Colts; Horse Hides, dry, $1 73 for large $1 50
for medium: $1 23 for small and 50c for'Colts
Deerskins — Summer or red skins.. 35c; fall or
medium skins. 30c; winter or thin skins 20e
Goatskins— Prime Angoras, 73c; large' and
smooth. 50c; medium, 35c.-
T ALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4%c per lb; choice
5c: No. 2, 3%'0>4c; grease. 2H@3c.
Hides remain as before, the demand for all
good stock except sheepskins being active and
prices ruling firm.
There is nothing going on In Hops. The feel
ing, however, is firm. .
The demand for fine Wools Is active, and
these descriptions are now well cleaned up.
Full prices are obtained jvithout difficulty.
Medium and coarse Wools meet with no de
mand and are weak.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 7@7%c per lb for
compound and lOVaC for pure; half-barrels pure
10%c; 10-lb tins, ll%c; 5-lb tins. 11?4= '
COTTOLENE— One half-barrel, 9%c; three
half-barrels, 9tfc: one tierce. 9Hc; two tierces
9c; five tierces, 8%c per lb.
Hides, Tallozv, Wool and Hops.
Firmness continues to characterize this mar
ket. The demand is good and stocks are light
CURED MEATS-Bacon. 12c per lb for heavy'
12%c for light medium, 13%c for light, 14%c for
extra light and 16c for sugar-cured; Eastern
sugar-cured Hams, 13%@14c; California Hams
l?c; Mess Beef, $12 per bbl; extra Mess $12 50-
Family. $13 50; prime Mess Pork. $15 : extr-v
clear, $23; Mess, $19; Smoked Beef lZV,®lic
per lb.
Provisions.
HONEY— Comb; 10@llc for bright and 9©9%c
for light amber: water white extracted. 5@5Hc
light amber extracted. 4@4%c; dark 3 Vic *
BEESWAX-25@2Sc per lb!
NUTS— Walnuts, No. 1 softshell. 12@12%c-
No. 2. 8@8%e: No. 1 hardshell, 10@10%c; No 2
6%@7%c; Almonds, 13®14c for paper-shell 10®
lie for softshell and 5@6c for hardshell- Pea
nuts, 5@7c for Eastern; Brazil Nuts, 12@l'%c*
Filberts, 12@12%c; Pecans, ll@13c; Cocoanuts'
$3 5C@5. ' • '
RAISINS— The Raisin Growers' Association
has established the following prices: Bleached
Thompson's fancy, 12c per lb; choice, lie;
standard. 10c; prime, 9c; unbleached Thomp
son's. 9c per lb. Sultanas — Fancy. lOftc per lb;
choice, 9%c; standard, 8%c: prime, 8c: un
bleached Sultanas, 8c; Seedless, 50-lb boxes,
6%c; 4-crown. 7c; 3-crown. 6%c: 2-crown. 6c:
Pacific brand — 2-crown. 5c; 3-crown, oftc," and
4-crown, 5%c; seeded (Fresno prices), 5%c; Lon
don Layers. 2-crown, $1 50 per box: 3-crown
$1 60; Fancy Clusters, $2; Dehesa. $2 50; Im
perials, $3. All prices f. o. b. at common ship
ping noints in California.
PRUNES— 4 sizes: 40-50s, 6»4c: 50-60s, 4%c;
60- 70s. 3%c; 70-SOs. 3Uc; S0-90s, 2%c; 90- 100s. 2«,c:
1C0-120S, l%c.
FRUITS— Apricots, 8@9c for new; Evaporated
Apple3. 4@6c; sun dried, l%@Z%c; new evapo
rated Apples, 3@6c; Peaches, 3%@4e for stand
ard, 4%@3%c for choice and 6@6%c for fancy;
New Peaches, 6c for July and 5c for August de
livery: Pears, 2@7c; Plums, pitted. 3@4c: unpit
ted. %@lftc; Nectarines. 4@4%c for red and
4@5c for white.
Old dried fruit is in fair demand, but there Is
little call for new goods. The demand at New
York is somewhat better, as will be seen in ths
first column.
Nuts are In light stock and firm, and several
descriptions show an advance. Honey Is quiet
and rather weak than otherwise. There is no
further news in Raisins beyond the large sales
reported last week.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
CITRUS FRUITS — Mediterranean Sweets.
$1 50@2; Valencias, $1 50i@2 50; St. Michaels.
$1 50(i?2; Lemons, $1@1 50 for common and $2@3
for. good to choice; Grape Fruit. 50c*?$l 50: Mex
ican Limes. $7 50@8: Bananas, $1 25@2 per
bunch; Pineapples, $1 50@3 per dozen.
GRAPES— Seedless and Black, from Arizona,
50c@$l 25 per crate: Fontainebleau, from Vaca
ville, TSci^Jl per box.
MELONS— Nutmegs, $1 per box and $1 75<@2 50
per crate: Cantaloupes. $1 25 per half-crate and
$2® 3 per large crate; Watermelons, from Fres
no, 10^200 each.
Bartlett Pears are coming in freely and prices
in the local market are weakening, though the
country quotations rule firm. Plums are still
in moderate supply and good demand. Peaches,
too, keep up. as receipts are ,not heavy and
the demand is good. Figs are scarce and high.
Apricots are passing and will soon disappear.
Apples have not changed for some little time.
They are in light supply for this season of the
year.
Grapes from Yuma continue to arrive In bad
condition. Arrivals of Melons are still light
and prices keep up. Berries are cheap and in
ample supply.
Oranges are steady with light supplies, and
Lemons rule firm at the recent advance. It
Is impossible to find any round lots of Limes,
i but there will be fresh arrivals In three or four s
days.
Nectarines are weak and slow of sale.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS.
APPLES— 75c@$l 25 per box for good to choice
and 25@50c for small.
APRICOTS— 3a(@o0c per box, 40<g65c per crate;
in bulk. $15@17 50 per ton for small and $20@3O
for large.
CRABAPPLES— 30@50c per small and $1®
1 25 per large. box.
PLUMS— 30@60c per box and 30@40c per bas
ket; Prunes, 40<@75c per crate and 40® 50c per
basket.
PEACHES— 30@50c per box and 33@40c per
basket for common and 35@60c per box and 35®
60c per basket for Crawfords and $22 50 per ton
in the country.
NECTARINES— "White, 40® 75c per box; Red,
50<575c.
PEARS— Dearborn Seedlings, 40@50c per box
and 50c per basket; Bartletts, 60c@$l per box
and ~32 50 per ton in the country.
STRAWBERRIES— $3@4 per chest for Long
worths and $3 25<?J5 for large berries.
LOGAN BERRIES— $4t?6 per chest.
BLACKBERRIES— $3 50@5 per chest.
RASPBERRIES— $4*86 per chest.
CURRANTS— $4*96 per chest.
HUCKLEBERRIES— 10@12%c per lb.
FIGS— Black, 35®50c per box for single and
tWl 50 for double layers; White, nominal.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Dairy— Extras. 19c; firsts. 17c; seconds. 15c;
store. 12@14c.
CHEESE— Fancy, full cream. 9c; choice, 8%c:
common, nominal: Young Americas, 10c; East
ern, full cream, 13@15c per lb.
EGGS— •
California Ranch— Selected white, 19c; mixed
colors, 17c per dozen.
California Gathered— Selected. 16c; standard.
13c ; seconds. .
Eastern— Standard, 16c per dozen.
Cheese' continues firm with light stocks.
The Butter market continues firm for all good
grades, with moderate stocks and decreasing
receipts.
Receipts were 35,000 pounds and 21 tubs of
Butter. 1011 cases of Eggs. 222 cases Eastern
Eggs, S050 pounds of California Cheese. 10.000
pounds Oregon Cheese and 24,000 pounds East
ern Cheese.
OPEN MARKET QUOTATIONS.
BUTTER— Creamery. 20@21c per lb for fancy
and 18%<g>19%c for seconds; dairy. 14@18c per lb.
CHEESE— New. 9@10c; old. nominal; Young
Americas, 10@llc per lb.
• EGGS— Ranch, 17@20c for good to> fancy;
store, 13@15c per dozen.
DAIRY EXCHANGE QUOTATIONS.
BUTTER—
Creamery— Extra, 20c; firsts, 19c; seconds.
The only change In Eggs was an advance In
selected gathered on the Dairy Exchange. The
market shows no new features, supplies being
fair as a rule, though fancy ranch are In light
stock.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Although there Is very little Eastern Poultry
coming in the market is dull and weak, and
even young Roosters, which have held up for
a long time, are quoted much lower. The de
mand Is not very brisk.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, — for Gobblers
and — for Hens; Geese, per pair. $1@1 SK
Goslings. $1@1 23; Ducks. $2 50@3 for old and
$3@4 for young: Hen3, $1@5; young Roosters.
$5 50£8 50; old Roosters. $3 50@4: Fryers $4@»;
Broilers. $3@3 50 for large and $2@2 W for
small: Pigeons. $1 50@2 per dozen for old and
$1 50@2 for Squabs. "" J. : • -
GAME— Hare, $1@1 50; Rabbits. $1@1 50 for
Cottontail and $1 for Brush.
Poultry and Game.
and Southwest. Onions show little change.
Bermuda Onions are selling at $1@1 25.
The Vegetable market continues well supplied
and prices are not materially altered.
POTATOES — New ¦ Potatoes. ' $1@1 25 in sacks
and $1@1 SO in boxes for Burbanks, $1@1 10
for Garnet Chiles and |lfl 25 for Early Rose;
Salinas Burbanks. $1 40@l 65. •
ONIONS — New Red, 30@5oc per sack; New
VEGETABLES— Asparagus, $1 75@2 25 for
large $1 25® 1 50 per box for No. 1 and 50c@$l
for No. 2; Green Peas, 50c<g$l 25 per sack;
Strin- Beans l%@3c: Limas. 3@3%e; Cabbage.
3of?40c per ctl; Tomatoes, from Winters. 40@
60c: Rivers, in large boxes. $1 25® 1 50; Dried
Peppers 12@lSc; Dry Okra, 15'§;20c per lb;
Green Okra, 25c; Carrots, 25@35c per sack;
Winters, Cucumbers. 30@40e; Bay. 7ac@$l; Gar
lic, 2©3c; Green Peppers. 73c<3$l 50 per box for
Chile and *1@1 50 for Bell: Esrg Plant $1@1 oO
per box; Green Corn. 60c@*l 25 per sack; Ala
meda, $1@1 50 per crate; Berkeley. Soc; Sum
mer Squash, large boxes. 2O@30c; New Mar
rowfat Squash. $40 per ton.
THE SAN FfcANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JULY 17, 1901.
October, $5@5 05; November, $5 05; December,
$5 15@5 20. • •
BUTTER— Receipts. - 14,300 packages; firm.
State dairy, . 14@14%c ;. creamery, 15@19c; fac
tory, 13@15V4c. . J - -
EGGS— Receipts, 12,700 packages; Irregular.
Western, candled, Il@l5c; Western, uncandled,
8@12c.
! DRIED FRUITS.
NEW YORK, July 1&— There was a ¦ quiet
trade In dried fruits, but no marked change In
the general situation. Evaporated apples, com
mon to good, 3%@5c; prime, 5%@5%c; choice,
6©6Vic; fancy, 6%@7c.
California dried fruits steady, but quiet.
"PRUNES— 2%@3>4c. '
APRICOTS— Royal, 8@12c; Moorpark, 7%@12c
PEACHES— Peeled, ll@12c; unpeeled, 6@10c.
Chicago Grain Market.
NEW YORK, July 1C— Special cable and tel
egraphic communications to Bradstreet's show
the following changes In j available supplies
from last account: ;
Wheat— United States and Canada, east of the
Rockies, decreased 1,842,000 bushels; afloat for
and In Europe, decreased 2,600,000. Total supply
decreased 4,442,000 busbels.
Corn — United States and Canada, east of the
Rockies, decreased 12S.0OO bushels.
Oats— United States and Canada, east of the
Rockies, decreased 1,787,000 bushels.
10
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL
AUCTION SALES
ON TUESDAY, JULY 23d,
I Will Sell
1OO
GERMAN GOVERNMENT
HORSES,
All thoroughly broken and carefully selected
to suit everybody. These horses weigh from
950 to lUt pounds each. No reserve.
OCCIDENTAL HORSE EXCHANGE,
721 HOWARD ST.. near Third.
WM. O. LATNG. Auctioneer.
£* . AUCTION SALE fe
OF
SO HE3-A.I3 OF 1
Broken, Driving and
Work Horses.
To B» Sold
TO-MORROW.
THURSDAY - - - - July 18, 1901
AT 11 A. M., AT
Ealesyard, 1732 Market St.. cor. Van Ness ave.
Horses Now at Yard.
FRED H. CHASE & CO.,
(Successors to Killip & Co.).
Livestock Auctioneers.
Also a number of 2. 4 and 8 Horse Wagons to
sell or trade for stock. jLicensed to Marry.
OAKLAND. July 16.— The following per
sons took out marriage licenses at the
County Clerk's office to-day: Everett
Ames of Oakland, aged 21. to marry Lu
ella Everett of, Oakland, aged 18: Weston
B. Wooldrldge ' of Alameda. aged 27. to
marry Emma J. Field of Alameda,- aged
27; James Y. Eccleston of Oakland, aged
38, to marry Jessie Gilmore of Oakland,
aged, 25: Morrison Barclay of Greensburg,
Pa., aged' 21, to marry Helen A.. Cashman
of Alameda, aged 21.
"The Missouri Pacific Limited."
The only route having through sleeping
car service between Sdn Francisco and St.
Louis daily. Stop-overs allowed at Salt
Lake City. For full information • ask L.
M. Fletcher. 12G California street. \ -•. • „
Fantan Players Arrested.
Policeman Tyrrell of the Chinatown
squad, dressed as a Chinese, succeeded
in raiding a fantan game at 9 Ross alley
yesterday afternoon. When the time was
opportune he gave a signal, dropping a
stick at the door so that it could not be
closed, and Policemen Barry, Richter and
Tillman forced their way in and captured
five. Chinese. All the paraphernalia of
the game was seized as evidence.
TEACHERS' OLD CLAIMS
WILL BE PAID TO-DAY
Auditor Will Distribute to Them Sal
ary Warrants for November
and December, 1898. •
The city will wind up its obligations to
the teachers and janitors by paying them
the balance due on their salary demands
for November and December, 1S98, out of
the surplus fund to-day. Auditor Wells
has had his force of clerks busy for two
weeks preparing the warrants and they
will- be "ready for delivery this morning at
9 o'clock. A large . number, of warrants
have been hypothecated to money brok
ers,' but the Auditor says the latter must
stand, aside until the rush . of teachers
who have not sold their warrants, is over.
. The settlement with the teachers will
also be instrumental in settling .the dis
pute with the merchant creditors. Each
teacher will surrender her proportion ot
the $7000 advanced to the teachers by the
merchants in March. 1900. and vexatious
litigation will thus be avoided.
PRODUCE EXCHANGE ,
. ELECTS OFFICERS
President's Report Is Due at Annual
Meeting, Which. Will Be Held
To-Day.
The annual meeting of the San Fran
cisco Produce Exchange will take place
to-day. Annual reports of the president,
secretary and treasurer will be received
and officers will be installed. The annual
election took place yesterday. There was
only one ticket in the field. George W.
McNear was elected president, H. Sher
wood vice president, Henry F. Allen treas
urer. These make up the board of direc
tors," with E. W. Ferguson. J. M. Petti
grew, Mas I. Kcshland. E. A. Breese. E.
E. • Kahn and George P. McNear. The
committee on appeals consists of Maurice
Casey, J. J. Moore, H. A. Mayhew, H.
Slnsheimer and H. Eppinger, The judges
of the election were E. Gauthier Jr., Hugo
A. Waterman and Edward Mehlert.
During the year the most important act
of the exchange was in connection with
the formation of the San Francisco Mer
chants' Exchange to tear down .the old
building that was largely owned by the
Produce Exchange on California street,
the purpose being: to give place to a new
structure, in which all. commercial bodies
of the city might be housed. The annual
donation to the Produce Exchange class
in the Golden Gate Kindergarten was au
thorized yesterday.
DEMOCRATIC CLUB NAMES
PRIMARY DELEGATES
Nominating Committee Selects Men
to Represent the Party in Local
Convention. ,
The nominating committee of the'Sara
toga Democratic Club of the Thirty-ninth
Assembly District, appointed on July 9,
met last night to nominate delegates to
be voted for at the primary election. Be
fore being voted for, however, selections
of the committee are to be ratified, Tues
day evening. July 23, at a high jinks which
will be given by the club. The delegates
named were as follows: Sixty-seventh
election precinct— M. J. Dolan, Edward Ly
don, Ellis Powell; sixty-eighth election
precinct— J. W. Shinkwin, J. Harris, W. L.
Bromlee; sixty-ninth election precinct —
Charles I. Ford, Theo Roche, A. Jacobs;
seventieth election precinct— H. Blaney, E.
T. Burke, W. J. Carlin; seventy-first elec
tion precinct— William J. Hennessy, John
Kennedy, Albert Rose; seventy-second
election precinct— Jesse A. Galland, Wil
liam P. Carter, Robert Murray, and sev
enty-third election precinct— J. H. Yates,
Carl Westerfeld, Oliver Sloan. * .
The following is the committee: R. I.
Whelan (chairman), Joseph Carter (secre
tary), Richard I. Whelan, Frank Malloye,
W. Bllllnerslea, Samuel Hallowell, Joseph
Carter, Albert Roche and Edward Flnni
gan. After August 1 the headquarters of
the club will be at 508 Larkin street.
RAILROAD OFFICIALS
CONFER ABOUT RATES
Transcontinental Passenger Associa
tion Begins an Important Ses
sion in Colorado.
GLENWOOD SPRINGS, Colo., July. 16.
—An Important meeting of the transcon
tinental Passenger Association was held
here to-day In the Hotel Colorado, with
James Charlton as chairman and E. L.
Bevington as secretary. Twenty-three
representatives were present from nine
teen railroads. About sixty matters of
business are to be considered during the
session. Those under consideration to
day and the disposition made of them are
as follows:
Division to the various roads of the per
centage of expenses was agreed upon; the
time limit for the sale of excursion tickets
to the Episcopal convention to be held In
San Francisco was changed so as to In
clude September 19 to 27 instead of 23d to
27th, with return limit to November 15
Instead of November 5. The question of
Interchangeable mileage system took up
the greater portion of to-day's session.
It Is proposed to issue mileage books
which will be available on all roads west
of the Missouri River to the Pacific Coast
and to the "boundary lines on the north
and south. The matter was finally re
ferred to the mileage committee to ar
range all* the details and report to-mor
row morning. Two sessions a. day are
held, and later it is thought that there
will be night sessions.
Of Interest to Pacific Coast.
WASHINGTON, D..C, July 16.— The fol
lowing patents were granted to-day:
California— Edgar N. Corson, Los An
geles, speed regulator for explosive en
grines; John T. Davis, San Francisco,
briquettlng machine; Conrad L. Drlefer,
San Francisco, saw set; Olcott Hastel,
San Rafael, drawing board; William K.
Hobson, Santa Maria, plow; Thomas J.
Hubbell, Watsonville, cultivator; Samuel
B. Hynes and W. F, Best, Los Angeles,
railway road furnace; William, J. Jones,
San Francisco, can heading machine;
Luther Look, Los Angeles, ore concen
trator; Robert S. Mclntyre, Riverside,
three prop bracket: Frank L. Stearns,
Los Angeles, tool for turning zinc shav
ings; Charles P. Stewart, Oakland, appar
atus for recovery of gold from cyanide
solutions. .
Washington— C. V. Watkins, Vinegars
Landing', ore washer and separator.
•
Offers Restrictive Franchise.
SAN RAFAEL, July 16.— Marin County's
Supervisors to-day rejected the original
application of the Central California Gas
and Electric Power Company for a fran
chise permitting the erection of poles and
wires for the transmission of power along
the highways of the county. The Super
visors fixed July 29 as the day upon which
they would consider a new application if
it embraced the changes they desired. The
board will grant the company a fifty-year
.franchise, subject to a large number of
smaller restrictions. All of this is agree
able to the company and the county will
soon have an abundance of power.
Gift From the Oregon.
SALEM, Or., July 16.— The colors of the
Oregon were presented to Governor Geer
to-day in behalf of the State by a com
mittee from the battleship, which Is now
at Bremerton • naval station, on Puget
Sound. The Governor and his staff, the
National Guard and many civic organiza
tions were In attendance at the presenta
tion, which took place in the Capitol.
Suy Colusa Oil Lands.
TACOMA, July 16.— Will D. Jenkins, for
mer Secretary of the State of Washing
ton, has returned from California, where
he and Mrs. Jenkins purchased 1800 acres
of oil lands in Colusa and Lake counties.
They have organized the Washington OH
Company and by September 1 will | be
sinking wells. . -
Champion Wins the Race.
BOSTON, July 16.— Albert Champion
won the triangular twenty-flve-mile
motor-paced race at Charles River Park,
which was contested, to-night by Cham
pion, Bobby .Walthour and James F.
Moran, by twelve yards over Moran in
39:45 3-5.
Jeffries to Arrive To-Day.
LOS ANGELES,. July 16.— Champion
"Jim" Jeffries left to-night for San Fran^
clsco on the Owl. * ¦¦. • .
EASTERN" BASEBALL GAMES.
and Ameripan Leagues.
NATIONAL LEAGUE.
Results of the Playing in National
PITTSBURG. July 16.— Pittsburgh miserable
fielding lost the game. Each of their four er
rors netted a run for Philadelphia and a base
on balls followed by two hits scored the other
two. Donahue pitched good ball. Attendance,
3400. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Pittsburg 3 6 4
Philadelphia : 6 11 0
Batteries— Phllllppi and Zimmer; Donahue and
Jacklltch. Umpire — Emslle.
CHICAGO, July 16.— Plttinger was invincible
to-day, holding the locals down to four scat
tered hits. Errors by Moran and Demont and
a three-baffler by Dexter scored Chicago's only
runs. Long's, fielding was of a sensational na
ture. Attendance, 400. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Chicago 2 4 4
Boston 4 11 2
Ratterles— Hughes and Kllng; Pittingrer and
Kittredge. Umpire— Cunningham.
AMERICAN LEAGUE,
CLEVELAND. July 16.— Cleveland went to
pieces in the last Inning- and presented the
game to Boston. Young was hit hard in the
ninth inning, and It was only through sensa
tional fielding that he won out. Attendance,
2000. Score:
Clubs— R- H. E.
Cleveland J 'JO 4
Boston • 10 » 3
Batteries— Moore and Woods: Young and
Schreiek.
DETROIT. July 16.— The features of to-day's
game were Coughllh's work at third, a great
stop by Dunran and the work of Gleason and
Elberfeld. Attendance, 1600. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Washington 8 17 2
Detroit 5 10 0
Batteries— Patton and Clarke; Cronin and
Shaw. * .
Shamrock II Pleases Sir Thomas.
GAROUK, July 16.— Sir Thomas Lipton
said to-day that the results of the trials
between the two Shamrocks In the Firth
of Clyde had given him every confidence
in the challenger and had undoubtedly
stamped the challenger aa the fastest
yacht this side of the water. Sir Thomas
said he thought the Shamrock II was able
to beat the Shamrock I by eight minutes
In a thirty-mile course, and he therefore
believed- she had a good prospect of suc
cess against her American competitor.
Watson said the challenger had done all
he expected of her.' The Shamrock II will
sail for New York July 20. •=<¦ ¦¦-* ;• ,.----
•RACES ON EASTERN" TRACKS.
One, Two and Three Winners on
Well-Known Courses.
ST. LOUIS, July 16.— Delmar Park results:
First race, four and a half furlongs— Colonel
Etone won, Oklahoma 6econd, Lillian M third.
Second "race, seven furlongs, selling—Arbi
trator won. Around Again second, Connie Lee
third. Time. 1:33%.
Third race, six and a half furlongs, selling—
Sam Lazarus won. Revoke second, Ed L third.
Time, 1:24.
Fourth race, six furlongs, two-year-olds—
Ethylene won. Marque second, Wyeth third.
Time, 1:16%.
Fifth race, one mile, selling— Lunar won, Med
dlesome second, Prince Stonemouth third. Time,
1:43',£.
* Sixth race, seven furlongs, selling — Prlma II
won. Verify second, John Morton third. Time,
l:2S%.
NEW YORK, July 16.— Brighton Beach re
sults:
First race, one mile and seventy yards, selling
—Lucky Star won, O'Read second, Marathon
third. Time. 1:45 1-5.
Second race, five and a half . furlongs — City
Bank won, Schwalbe second, Dixie Line third.
Time, 1:08. ¦;
Third race, one and a sixteenth miles—Roe
hampton won. Baron Pepper second. Tower of
Candles third. Time. 1:47 1-5.
Fourth race, the Jamaica stakes, one and a
sixteenth miles, selling— First Whip won. The
Regent 6econd, Intrusive third. Time, 1:46 2-5.
Fifth race, five furlongs— Fair Knight won,
Andaluslan second. Musidora third. Time,
Sixth race, six furlongs, selling— King Bram
ble won. Twig second. Godfrey third. Time,
1:14 2-5.
BUFFALO, July 16.— Fort Erie- results:
First race, six furlongs— Khaki won, Del
March 6econd, Slark third. Time. 1:14&
Second race, five furlongs— Doyle's Commoner
won. Harry Beck second, Paul Creyton third.
Time, 1:01.
Third race, one mile— Orantas won. Sailor
King second, Lizzie A third. Time, 1.40%. -
Fourth race, four and a half furlongs — St.
Lazarus won, Rona second, J. Patrick third.
Time :56»4.
Fifth race, six and a half furlongs, selling-
Violent won. Hurry second, Ahamo third. Time,
1:22*4.
Sixth race, one mile ajid an eighth, selling —
Flag of Truce won, Cogswell second, Dolly
Wagner third. Time. 1:55.
BUTTE, Mont.. July 16.— Results:
First race, 2:17 class pace — Jim Dlxon -won,
Hassalo second, George Wakefleld third. Best
time, 2:13% by Wakeneld.
Second race, five and a half furlongs— William
F won, Xed Dennis second, Monda third. Time,
1:09%.
Third race, one mile — Slsquoo won. Spindle
second. Cousin Letty third. Time, 1:43%.
Fourth race, five and a half furlongs— Decapo
¦won. True Blue second, Valencienne third.
Time. l:6S%.
Fifth race, four furlongs — Graham Green won,
Parazaide second. Pirate Maid third. Time,
:47%.
Sixth race, one mile and an eighth, over four
hurdles — Odd Eyes won, GoldvDust second, Del
gado third. Time, 2:02.
CHICAGO. July 16.— Washington Park results:
First race, five furlongs— Approved won, Ish
tar 6econd. "Wing Dance third. Time. 1:01 2-5. •
Second race, one mile and an eighth — Leo
Newell won, Odnor second, Alaska third. Time,
1:53 3-5.
Third race, the Edgeward stakes, $2000 added,
five and a half furlongs — Abe Frank won, Pen
tecost second. Sir Oliver third. Time, 1:07.
Fourth race, one mile and a furlong, purse
$1500— Advance Guard won, Malay second. Spe
cific third. Time. 1:52 2-3.
Fifth race, six furlongs— Sly won. Sharp Bird
second. Burnle Bunton third. -Time, 1:13.
Sixth race, one mile — Scotch Plaid won, San
Andres second. Fantasy third. Time, 1:40 3-5.
San Francisco has been selected as
the point at which all the energies
of the International Association of
Machinists will be concentrated with
in a few days to force the manufac
turing ironworkers of this city into
a compliance with, the demands of
the local organization as presented on
May 20. Every demand embraced in
,the original proposition, for the fail
tire to grant which the men walked
out on that date, is to be enforced.
In connection with the .American
Federation of Labor, the machinist
association proposes to raise a fund of
$100,000 a week to prosecute the
fight. . " .-
The situation resolves itself to this: In
the International Association of Machin
ists there are said to be 1,560,000 machin
ists. Each of these has agreed to pay 6
cents per week to the strike fund, or a
total of $78,000 a week, which will be
available at once.
Fourth Vice President Thomas L. Wil
son of the International Association of
Machinists furnished these figures last
night at the headquarters of . the local
Machinists' Union and made the follow
ing statement:
'The machinists accept the ultimatum
of the employers and feel that the strikes
in the East having been settled and not
called off, instead of having a detrimental
effect on the local situation, will have a
tendency to strengthen our hands here.
We have the assurance of the Interna
tional Grand Lodge that the funds will
be forthcoming for a finish fight in San
Francisco. Eighty per cent of the men
out on strike in the East have been
granted their demands and 20 per cent of
the men have returned to work at the old
schedule. It is our expectation that we
will call the latter out within the year and
have them placed on an equality with the
others."
The American Federation of Labor and
the International Association of Machin
ists and local bodies affiliating with both
organizations propose to raise a strike
fund of $100,000 a week, which will be sent
to San Francisco to carry out the plans
of the strike leaders. In this city the
San Francisco Labor Council has asked
for a per capita tax of 50 cents a month
in place of the 20 cents now levied, and
responses are being freely made. The
leaders of the Ironworkers* strike are
confident of victory with this amount of
money at ' their disposal.
Union Iron "Works Contract.
M. J. McEvoy. secretary of the Machin
ists* Union of Omaha, Neb., has sent Sec
retary Wisler a copy of a contract and
explanatory statement sent out by the
Union Iron Works to employment agen
cies throughout the East. He says in his
letter that he thinks it is "a good thing to
head off." The agreement reads as fol
lows:
In accepting work as a' machinist with the
Union Iron Works of San Francisco, Cal., I
fully understand that my ¦ services will be re
quired to take the place of a striking employe;
that the wages I am to receive will be from
$3 to $3 50 per day, according to my ability;
that so long as the strike lasts I am to be
lodged and fed at the expense of th« com
pany, such board and lodging to be furnished
aa a bonus; that the company will give me
protection, both during and after the strike;
that if I am a competent machinist the com
pany will give me permanent employment.
I further understand that an amount of
money equal to the cost of my transportation
from to San Francisco, Cal., Is to be
deposited or absolutely good security given for
such money, however to be refunded by the
company after six months' service.
I further understand that my wages are to
begin upon being placed at work by tho Union
Iron Works at San Francisco, Cal.
MACHINISTS FOR HEAVY WORK.
Wages $3 to $3 50 per day, depending upon
the skill of man. Every flrst-class machinist
will get $3 60 per day. Will be fed and lodged
at the expense of company as long as strike
lasts.
Company will bind itself to protect men both
durlne and after strike and give men from
here permanent employment.
All men must pay their own way or make a
deposit equal to cost of ticket as evidence
of good faith, but money will be refunded
after working six months. Special rates will
be arranged with railroad companies.
Tards of Union Iron Works are inclosed
and impossible for strikers to gain admittance.
There is a large open space inside the in
closure which furnishes ample ground for
recreation and exercise.
Rules of company are that ten hours con
stitute a day's work, with time and a half for
overtime. In event of any change in day's
work or waees the men engaged now. will be
given as short hours • and as good pay as
Erar.ted the others.
Majority 'of old employes were opposed to
strike and would be glad to see a lot of non
union men go to work to give them excuse to
break away from local leaders and go back
to work. "*•
WOULD SETTLE STRIKE.
Conference.
Municipal League Still Hopes for a
The Municipal League of San Francisco
met last night for the purpose. of receiv
ing the report of the committee appointed
to attempt to bring about a settlement of
the machinists' strike. Secretary Wisler
of the International Association of Ma
chinists was present and took part in an
animated discussion regarding the strike
situation and a probable solution of the
difficulty. The following report of the con
ciliation committee was read:
To the Municipal League: The committee
appointed by your honorable body for the pur
pose of endeavoring to effect a settlement of
the machinists' strike in this city organized
with Dr. C. D. Salfleld as secretary and Living
ston Jenks as chairman. A sub-committee con
sisting of N. B. Greensf elder. C. D. Salfleld.
¦William "W. "Weil, W. J. Kenny, A. W. Wehe
and Livingston Jenks was appointed with In
structions to offer its services to both contend
ing parties for the purpose of effecting a con
ciliation between them and . to endeavor by
whatever method It deemed advisable to ter
minate the strike. ¦
These gentlemen have had numerous confer
ences with the representatives of. the Iron
Trades Council and the Metal Trades Associa
tion as well as with many individual employes
and employers. The situation as revealed
through these interviews Is brifley this:
The machinists, through their official repre
sentatives, the Iron TradeB Council, -have
waivf-d all previous demands made by them
cf their employes, excepting the demand that
nine hours shall constitute a working day and
have appointed a committee with power to act
on the question of wages.
The employers, through the Metal Trades
Association, have declined to entertain any
proposltion .which does not include a ten-hour
¦working day. . ( ,
"Your comrnittee believes that any further.ef
fort on its part to adjust differences would be
futile, and therefore requests that It be dis
charged. LIVINGSTON JENKS, Chairman.
After : the reading : of the report a'mo
tion, was adopted that ¦ the secretary of
the council be instructed to communicate
witfuboth parties interestediin.the strike
with a view togetting an expression of
their willingness to submit the question at
issue in its entirety to a joint committee
composed of an equal number from j both
sides.; In. the event; of a 1 : disagreement of
this s committee the entire question, to be
submitted to. a board of arbitration." ;;
;,The : machinists I submitted ' what' Is !pur
ported to be. an agreement which must
Determined Fight to Be Made to En
force Every Demand. Made of *
Employers by Local
• Union. ,
National Organizations Now
Propose to Send Out
Large Fund. . •
Machinists Prepare for
Stubborn Battle of
Months.
LABOR WILL
CONCENTRATE
EFFORTS HERE
CRIPPLE CREEK, Colo., July 16.-The
twelfth annual meeting of the Trans-
Mississippi Commercial Congress opened
to-day with the largest attendance and
the largest membership in the history of
the organization. Out of 2000 delegates ap
pointed 1200 were in thsir seats to-day.
The afternoon session was called to or
der by President Walter Gresham. of Gal
veston, Tex. Alter invocation by the
Rev. Dr. Schofleld addresses of welcome
were delivered by Mayors Crane of Crip
ple Creek and Franklin of Victor, and
Governor Orman of Colorado. Responses
were made by Governors Flshback of Ar
kansas, Seay of Oklahoma and Prince of
Isew Mexico. . •.
Secretary Arthur Francis of Crlppla
Creek made a report which strongly
urged the congress to arrange to make
the work continuous instead of having
each meeting work on an Independent
basis. He recommended that prepara
tions for the next congress begin imme
diately after adjournment of the present
one. He also recommended that the ex
ecutive officials make special efforts to
secure permanent members, whose fees
would furnish funds for expenses. %
President Gresham then delivered an
address on the object of the congress,
after which resolutions were Introduced
In favor of the Louisiana Purchase Ex
position and the Nicaragua canal. A res
olution was introduced by Senator Patter
son of Colorado favoring protection to
beet eugar, and a strong speech made by
him in Its favor brought forth witty re
marks by Congressman Long in favor of
the resolution. A resolution in favor of
a department of mines in the President's
Cabinet was Introduced by Robert Gra
ham'of Cripple Creek.
The congress adjourned to permit the
members and their wives to attend a re
ception and ball at the Opera-house to
nigh* To-morrow's programme includes
an address by John W. Noble of St.
Louis, ex-Secretary of the Interior, on
"Department Commerce and Industry."
A strong fight for the next congress i3
be.!ng made by New Orleans, Oklahoma
City Seattle, Minneapolis and Sacra
mento.
Governor of the State and
Mayors of Cities Give
Welcome.
gress Opens Session
in Colorado.
Trans-Mississippi Con-
COMMERCIAL MEN
IN CONVENTION
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway. July 16.
The Board of Supervisors to-day closed
five Upper Fruitvale drinking resorts. In
cluding the Hermitage, which for nearly
twenty years has been conducted at Di
mond with a notoriety which is State
wide. The licenses of Charles Tepper,
Mrs. B. Walliser and Robert E. Taylor
were also revoked by a unanimous vote
of the board. .
Leon Faure, proprietor of the Hermit
age, had one supporter, Supervisor
Church, who also opposed the closing of
Peter C. Nielsen's barroom. But the
other members of the board declared they
would not make fish of one and flesh of
another.
The Hermitage was not singled out in
the fight of the Fruitvalers against the
saloons, but the place was, unfortunately
for its owner, among the group of re
sorts which the antl-saloonists had deter
mined to drive out of business. The de
cision of the board covers all but one of
the Upper Fruitvale places where liquors
are sold. The Neckhaus Gardens were al
lowed to retain their license because no
evidence of disorder was introduced
against the resort.
The action by the board was a com
plete victory for the men and women of
Upper Fruitvale, who have been battling
against the hoodlumlsm, depravity and
disorder which have marked the conduct
of some of the resorts that have been de
nied licenses.
When the Supervisors convened this
morning to render their decision the
lobby was packed with an interested au
dience from Fruitvale. Chairman Mit
chell called up the resolutions on revoca
tion of the Walliser, Tepper and Taylor
licenses. The charges made against each
resort were sustained by the board, and
promptly the five members voted to close
the places. . .
Supervisor Church said he would not
have voted to close Tepper's place, ex
cept that the proprietor had himself said
that he was going out of business, so
Church was ready to close the place at
once.
When the applications of Faure and
Nielsen were read Church was in favor
of granting the renewal of the licenses.
He said no»evidence had been Introduced
to prove disorderly actions. But the other
four members of the board did not agree
with their confrere, and they sent the
Hermitage into oblivion. Nielsen runs a
saloon in connection with his gro
cery. There was no special complaint
against him, except on the ground that
the citizens of that suburb had deter
mined, if possible, to close all saloons.
As soon as the voting had decided the
fate of the resorts Chairman John Mit
chell made the following announcement:
"It might be well to state right here
that the Board of Supervisors is deter
mined to clean out everything of a dis
orderly character in Alameda County."
The Clerk was directed to notify the
proper authorities that the licenses were
revoked and that no liquors can be sold
at the resorts.
The men* who were prime movers in this
successful crusade were the Rev. Frank
lin Rhbda, William C. Ralston. F. C.
Hinckley, W. S. Dunlevy and William
Lowenburg, with the backing of all the
citizens and residents in Upper Fruitvale.
Notorious Hermitage Among
the Places That Lose
Their Licenses."
Supervisors Decide That
Fruitvalers' Charges
Are True.
BOARD CLOSES
FIVE RESORTS
The Republican Primary League, undis
turbed by the conflicting petitions for ap
portionment of delegates to the munici
pal' nominating convention. Is going for
ward in the work of enrolling citizens for
the campaign against the bosses. Under
the auspices of the league a club has been
established in every Assembly district.
As the Republican State Central Commit
tee has responded to the boss cry for
help and decided to interfere on- behalf of
Kelly, Crimmina,' Lynch and Jere Burke,
it becomes the duty of all respectable Re
publicans to join the league and fight the
battle for good local* government at the
primary election.
At the worst, the State Committee can
only indorse Crimmins and Kelly. There
is no official ballot to recognize. The par
ty tickets are blank. The law provides
that posters containing the names of dele
gates to be voted for can be pasted on
the ticket. Happily for the Republican
Primary League, no alliance was made
with the . tagenders of the hotel" party
that knifed Horace Davis, the Republican
nominee for Mayor two years ago. It
was suspected at the- outset ofthe cam
pa.'gn that the tagenders were preparing
to betray the friends of good government
to secure the nomination of two or three
favorites. The suspicion is verified as
fact by present movements. The remnant
of the hotel party Is going over bag and
baggage to Kelly and Crimmins. > .
The Republican Primary League peti
tioned the Board of Supervisors to declare
August 13 a legal holiday. The petition
was granted. . The league hopes that every
citizen of San Francisco who is entitled to
vote will register -his choice for delegates
to the nominating convention. The bosses
base their hope of success on the belief
that the worklngmen, merchants; business
men and taxpayers generally will fall to
vote. It is said that the merchants and
business men who can afford to go to the
country will leave town Monday evening,
August 12, and not return until Wednes
day, August 14. The business men and
taxpayers of the city should come togeth
er and resolve to stay in. town and make
one more determined effort to down the
whole crew of bosses and boss sympathiz
ers. Good local government cannot be
gained by wishing for it The fight to win
it must be made at th« primary election.
In every district the bosses will put for
ward a ticket headed "Against Boss
Rule." That is an old trick devised by
Sam Rainey and! Kelly. Before election
day comes citizens should make up their
lists of delegates to be voted for. The Re
publican Primary League has no candi
dates to boom. The aim of the organiza
tion is to elect honorable men to the con
vention—men that cannot be cajoled or
controlled by the bosses.
At a meeting of the Regular Republican
Club of the Forty-second Assembly Dis
trict held last evening at Golden Gate
Hall, seventy-four new members signed
the roll, which now contains 111 names.
The appointment of a campaign * com
mittee of five was left in the hands of the
president, Colonel R. B. Treat.
I. W. Lees was appointed chairman of
the finance committee. .
An executive committee of fifteen was
appointed, one from each precinct.
It Is the intention of the club to get up
a rousing meeting next week.
be signed by every machinist accepting a
position with the Union Iron Works. The
agreement provides that the wages shall
be from $3 to $3 50 per day, and so long as
the strike lasts he will be lodged and fed
at the expense of the company, which
will give him protection before and after
the strike. All men must pay their own
way on the railroad or make a deposit
equal to cost of ticket, but the money will
be refunded after six months' work.
As to the Municipal League.
Following the failure of the conciliatory
committee of the Municipal League to
bring together the I striking ironworkers
and their emplo'yers, the members of the
Metal Trades Association, both sides
yesterday quietly rested. Some comment
was made as to who and what kind of
people composed the Municipal League.
One of the first questions propounded by
Henry T. Scott, when the matter of the
conference was proposed to him was,
"What is the Municipal League?"
"We never had much confidence in the
Municipal League to bring our affairs to
a satisfactory conclusion," said President
McCabe of the Iron Trades Council. "But
as the people who represented it and
called on us insisted that we let them try
to end the strike, we gave them a.n ulti
matum upon which to work. Our men
are standing out just as firm as the day
they walked out."
Inquiries at the offices of the Fulton,
Risdon and Union Iron works brought
forth the information that no further con
sideration would be given to the demands
of the ironworkers. Under no circum
stances, say one and all, will the nine
hour day be granted.
President McCabe wishes to notify the
public that some person unknown to the
Iron Trades Council is malting, a house to
house canvass in various portions of the
city soliciting- funds for the benefit of the
strikers. President McCabe says no one
has been authorized to solicit money from
private individuals.
"Wo have our committees out among
the unions and that is all," said he. "we
will ask the police to aid us in apprehend
ing the party."
H. Glldea. treasurer of the strike-benefit
fund, has issued a notice to all, unions re
questing that moneys subscribed for the
benefit of the striking ironworkers be
sent direct to him at the headquarters,
room 711, Emma Spreckels building, and
proper acknowledgrment will be made.
The boiler-makers and iron ship builders
received their strike benefits yesterday.
Quite a large sum was paid out.
The State Board of Barber Examiners is
preparing to close up its business in this
city, preliminary to visiting Alameda
County. It is expected that by the end
of the week all San Francisco barbers
will be provided with the certificates now
required by law. While there are a large
number of applications - yet on file, the
members of the board feel that they can
get away with them all in that space of
time: • " "
Changes . Made in Demands.
A committee of the Brewery Workmen's
Union met a committee of the Brewers'
Protective • Association yesterday after
noon, and several modifications were made
In the demands presented by both sides,
according to Secretary Berg. He ex
pressed the opinion that a few days more
would see the inauguration of the eight
hour working day. In celebration of the
anniversary of the inauguration of that
time for work a year ago the Beer Bot
tlers' Union held a jinks and smoker at
their hall, at 1159 Mission street. Many of
the labor leaders dropped in during- the
night and addressed the meeting.
The executive committee of the Building
Trades Council discussed plans for the
coming Labor day celebration to be held
the first Monday in September. Shell
Mound Park and the Oakland racetrack
have been secured. Correspondence with
an orator of national repute will probably
result in his acceptance of the honors. In
addition, there /, will be' local speakers,
games and other features, for which many
prizes have been already donated. All the
councils from the bay and inferior cities
will take part. in. the celebration.
"Plans for the selection of a new head
quarters, for the Building Trades Council
were discussed.. A site has been selected
and plans prepared, but no action will be
taken on the report until the council hag
had time to fully consider the matter.
Golden J Gate Lodge of : Plasterers, after
three 'months' probation, has been recom
mended for full admission to membership.
f The "newly organized -union of mill
wrights has been placed upon the proba
tionary' list! ; the council only, admitting
unions' to' fujl membership! after a proba
tionary period of at; least three months.
to the Bosses.
Tag Enders of the Defunct
Hotel Party Go Over /
Primary League Clubs
Active in Every
District.
REPUBLICANS'
ROLL GROWING
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, July 16. — From a member
of the firm of J. P. Morgan &.Co., spon
sors for the United States Steel Corpora
tion, The Call correspondent obtained to
day a statement of the company's view
of the present labor troubles and the pol
icy -which It entertains on the strike ques
tion. The statement is absolutely author
itative, and is notable because it makes
clear the unj-lelding attitude of the big
corporation and the serious nature of the
conflict with the Amalgamated Associa
tion.
"Things have reached a point," said the
Informant, "-where it Is absolutely neces
sary to make a -settlement, once and for
all. The fight will be pushed to the bitter
end. The United States Steel Corporation
and its subsidiary companies have taken
a stand and they will not recede one step
from their position.
"The policy of the United States Steel
Corporation toward its men has been lib
eral. Their demands have been granted
when it was possible. But it is now ab
solutely out of the question to accede to
their demands. The company simply can
not do it and succeed in business. Since
that is the case, we have decided to take
issue with the labor union, and the matter
will be fought to a finish.
"Should the men gain the point for
which they are striving and should they
eucceed In extending the system they aim
to establish in the steel trade into other
industries, the entire business condition
of the country would be upset. With the
knowledge of that fact, we are unable
even to consider, the Idea of the concession
they ask.
"We have broken otf negotiations with
representatives of the Amalgamated Asso
ciation because of their impossible re
quest, and there is no occasion now for
further conference with them. Such con
ference -would be fruitless at present. Any
advances vith a view to ending the 6trike
must come from the men. and they must
be prepared to recall the demand for the
right to dictate our policy in non-union
mills. They know our position and we
Ehall stick to it."
"Will the United States Steel Coruora
tion interest itself as a. company in strike
matters?" was asked.
"My impression is that officials of the
subsidiary companies trill be allowed to
handle the details without interference."
was the answer. "Later on the comDany
officials may take an active part in the
matter."
The importance of the present fight was
dwelt on etill more forcibly by another
representative of the Morgan Interests.
He declared that the steel capitalists re
garded the demand of the men that union
agreements should be signed for non-union
mills as "outrageous and unjust," and
added: "The steel companies cannot yield
a particle to the men when they make a
demand of that sort. They feel that if
they should give in they might as well
go out of business and so might -every
body else who had to endure the same
thing."
STRIKERS CLAIM SESTJLTS.
PITTSBURG. July\6.— The second strike
day closes with the Amalgamated officials
in a satisfied mood and claiming to have
made good every promise as to results
On the other hand, the manufacturers will
not say a word concerning the strike, and
refuse to be quoted in any way. Repeated
efforts to secure statements from Presi
dent Corey of the American Sheet Steel
Company and General Manager L W.
Jenks of the Hoop Company have been
met with the response that there wa£ no
change and nothing to be given out.
The Amalgamated people eay that noth
ing has been said to them of any plan for
mediation or arbitration and that they
will continue to carry out their pro
pramme as originally announced. The
closing down of the Clark mill and of the
Monessen Sheet mill are looked upon as
telling -victories and an almost complete
tie-up of the three companies in the dis
trict. But one tin mill, that at Monessen,
and one sheet mill, at Duncanville, re
main at work.
Ihe fact that the National Tube men
(non-union) received a substantial ad
vance In wages yesterday has caused dis
content among the union men employed
by the National Tube people at their Sec
ond avenue plant and at the Republic Mill
on the South Side. The men here think
they are entitled to a similar increase.- To
consider the matter meetings were held
to-night on the South Side and it is Bald
r. demand will be made. The following
telegram was received to-night:
WKLLSVIL.LE. j u i y ie.— The Wellsville roll
ing mill will be run. and it will be run non
union. It will utart to-morrow. If It could
not be run non-unUm It never would be run at
all.
This statement was made to-day by
Persifer F. Smith of Pittsburg. district
manager for the American Sheet Steel
Company. He was here this morning and
made an address to the striking mill men.
He told them they had no grievance, that
they had been well cared for in the past
and would be in the future. The an
nouncement that the mill would be started
to-morrow and started non-union has
given rise to no little speculation and un
easiness among th« citizens. Many of the
strikers, expecting prolonged idleness,
have left the city for hunting and fishing
camps. No new m«-n have- been brought
in and how Manager Smith expects to
start to-morrow is a matter for conjec
ture. To-day, as y«?«tercay, only a few
laborers were -working.
The foregoing is the first indication as
yet given by th<? manufacturers that they
were otter than passive participants in
the big strike. What the result may be
of an attempt to operate the Wellsville
plant none of the local Amalgamated peo
ple will predict. All they say is that it
cannot be acrompishrrd. Wellsville is
looked upon by both eides as an important
point and developments are anxiously
awaited by alL
ST&.TIOU'AB'X' TTELTTETEN OTJT.
"VVILKESBARRE. Pa., July 16.— The
ctrike order of President Mulcahy of the
Stationary Firemen's Association of
Pennsylvania was promptly obeyed at 7
o'clock this morning, when JKX) members
of the organization in this section of the
State refused to go to work. Most of the
strikers are employed as firemen a,t the
coal mines, and their failure to report
for duty caused nearly all the colleries
in the northern anthracite region to sus
pend operations, throwing out of work,
it it-: estimated, 20.000 men and boys.
Som* of the individual coal operators
coaocfSed the demands of their employes
on condition that the short hour day was
not to hold «f the men employed by the
nig '•ompanics did not get the same con
ihe h:g coal companies, however, re
fused to make er.y concessions.' The of
ficials claimed that the demands of the
iir^men were unreasonable.
The strikers held a meeting in this
nty shortly before" noon. Reports were
received from aH the districts, and they
*»' p 'i th-u the strike from Pittstown to
SMdublony in this (Luzerne) county.
»as gj-neral and the coal companies were
ur.abie io secure new men to take the
Place of th«; strikers. The best they could
oo, it was said, was to press foremen and
"re bosses into the service. This was
P? I 1 a er- ftat many of the mines.
*£} , . hta <lQuarters of the operators it
ZSk cla iroed that the demand of the
22*S2 2»M not be entertained. The
thV ™? n of the strike will depend upon
!n£ ?; nerp - " they stand by the etrik
<n£ hH?,, 111 - lockout may be a long
2^/; ut it. ihft m^ers return to work as
th£ VrVv * comuanies fill the daces of
SEHSJ-iJ! Js known that there is much
ers btT^ ,t txv «" n thft Un^ed Mine Work
th»t"h the ., fireme^ The miners think
¦ihl «w, stnk £ i:s and that
Anri?^Srt n f i, hou!<1 have waited until
bil"een th * ben the Present agreement
ex£r?- V f£- Or>er f tors and miners will
ea.p.r... before maltir.g their demands.
United States Corporation
Does Not Intend to Re
cede One Inch.
Will Make No Conces
sion to the Striking
Steel Workers.
BILLION-DDLLAR
TRUST TO FIGHT
Special Dispatch to The Call,
EL PASO, Tex., July 16.— A fireman be
longing to an American train crew, for
merly operating on a southern division of
the Mexican Central Railway in the in
terior of the Republic, told an unusual
story here to-day •which was not made
public until he and his companions had
escaped to the United States and were
safe beyond the reach of the Mexican au
thorities.
Some days ago the freight engine on
which the fireman worked ran over a
Mexican at a remote point in the Interior,
killing him almost Instantly. Knowing
full well that they would all be thrown
in prison and held for an indefinite period
if the accident was discovered by the
Mexican officials, the trainmen were
greatly troubled over the- situation. They
were running between stations when the
accident occurred and the region there
abouts was but little frequented. Owing
to this none of the inhabitants saw the
killing and it took the trainmen but a
short time to realize that if they could
conceal the body of the dead they might
escape to the border and avoid a long
imprisonment in the Mexican jail before
given an opportunity of clearing them
selves of the charge of criminal intent.
Accordingly they decided that the most
effective way to dispose of the body
would be to cremate it in the locomotive
firebox. All agreed to this and the body
and other evidences of violence were
gathered up and cast into the furnace.
The train then proceeded and before the
next station was reached the corpse had
been reduced to ashes. The trainmen lost
no time in making their way to El Paso,
and all succeeded in escaping before the
officers and relatives of the deceased dis
covered that he had been killed.
Remains of the Native Are
Cremated in the
Locomotive.
American Trainmen Es
cape Imprisonment
in Mexico.
BURN VICTIM
IN A FIREBOX
. ¦ .... ¦ . - - ¦ ¦• ., ¦
THE SAJtf 1TK A3N UlSUU UALL., WEDNESDAY, JULY 17 r l9Ot.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
Miss L. Menton, Alabm
Miss M Smith, Alabam
Miss E Lozeniey. Ala
bama
G C Lozeniey. Alabam
J A Smith, Alabama
J J Keper, Alabama
A N Skinner. U S N
W . S Eichelberger. U
S N, Washington
F B Llttell. U S N
G H Peters, U S N
C E Jewell, U S N
W W Dlnwlddle. Wash
H D Curtis. Washgton
Miss Osting. Chicago
G Armstrong & w,
Cincinnati
F N Armstrong Cincin
F A Urley & w, Denvr
W N "Whiting. Portlnd
C F Dutton, Ohio
J L Ballinger, Ohio
E W Clark. St Louis
F H Farrar, Cal
S Lukes & son. Canada
G Lukes, Canada
Mies B Lukes, Canada
Miss K Lukes, Canada
Miss S Baldwin, Tor
onto. Canada
Miss L. Morrison, Tor
onto. Canada
E L Howell. N Y
W D MacDougall. N Y
Mrs F Thayer, Toronto
Miss JFowlds. Ontario
Miss L Fowlds, Ontrio
Mrs M A Kearns. Cal
H T Palstl. Phlladel
L Robertson & w. Cal
I> G Germain. L Banos
Mrs Henry, Sta Crua
Mrs Davis. Indianapols
R Stevens, Bkrsfleld
R Musto. Stockton
J D Munchen, Wash
H E Adams, Stockton
E E Lockhart. Manila
R A Ainsworth. Mass
M Evans, Cal
M D CofTey. USA
C B Jlllson, Napa
Mrs C B Jilison, Napa
Mrs L A Mclntosh, Cal
Miss H Mclntosh. Cal
R H Doney, Toronto
C T> Altin. Toronto
A Delahy, Ontario
J Hales & w, Toronto
Mrs Bacham, Toronto
Rev H Oliver & w,
Toronto. Canada
Rev G Brown. Toronto
W W Wheeler, Iowa
Mlsa Wheeler, Iowa
Miss W Wheeler. Iowa
Mrs W W Wheeler. la
Dr A M Linn. Iowa
Mrs A M Linn, Iowa
W T Heywood & w, la
Miss Berber. Iowa
Miss Ford. Iowa
Miss Wltmer, Iowa
H Fetzlotf & w, Iowa
Miss C Marburg, Ala
bama
W M Adamson & w,
Arizona
Mrs W Thompson. Pa
Miss J Kane, Brooklyn
Mrs G E Blakeslee.NY
Miss G A Blakeslee,
N Y
Mrs L Mendenhall. Ill
Mrs H R Taylor. Ill
Miss M Reed, 111
H Diller, Illinois
Mrs J R Diller, IHinoH
J S Reed & w. Neb
J Stevenson, Indiana
E Stevenson. Indiana
J McCartney. Gl Ellen
G B McCord, Hanford
S M Valentine. Cal
C W Parsons. Los Ang
F A Bacon, Los Ang
Mrs Post, Garvanza
Mrs L R Bontow, SeatI
Miss E Youell, Seattle
T J Paisley & fam. la
H W Clough, Loa Ang
W G Crowder, Tenn
L A Howe, Tenn
O J Hayes & w, Tenn
W H McCammeron &
w. Perry, Iadho
C D Bailey & w, Idaho
A L Brown & w, Idaho
H G Glddlngs & w.
Idaho
C D Brenton. Chicago
L Chamberlin, L Ang
C O Sroufe & w, Aria
F W Braddock. Wash
S P Simpson & w, Tex
W L Lyman & w, Mex
F G George & w, Tex
H H Clark, Los Ang
H M Spauldin?. Cal
T W Duckworth, Cal
Mrs H M Stanton, Ind
E B Liepy & w, Chgo
Mrs S Graey, Iowa
Mrs F Heal. Iowa
H Lawson. Wesley. la
H S Matting. S Lake
C D Hutchison & w,
Medford. Or
H N Lamsden & w. Or
H J Stewart. Pasadena
Mies A F Ball, Cal
J F Craig and fam,
Toledo. Ohio
L L Greer & w, Ga
L» H Boynton. Georgia
J M Clayton & w, Tex
S D Phillips & w, Ind
W E Brown, w & dau,
Kansas
Mre C Hartson. Napa
Ethel Hartson. Napa
R R Carew & faro,
Cincinnati
Mrs M A Goodnight,
Los Angeles
Miss M L Stephens. Cal
Dr R P Chapman. Ca.1
J F Eller & w. Phila
Mrs S A Reuddel. L A
Mrs E E Morrow, Ca:
H G Turner & w. Cal
Martha M 'Wheeler. Cal
S M Rohr. Sta Rosa
M S Diamond, Fresno
Dr C Rowell, Fresno
A E See & w, Ohio
C B Bell, Rsno
C T Robinson & ir. Cal
Mrs T F Foley, N Y
Mrs U Murphy, N Y
B Hoack. St Loals
S Hirst & w, Val!«Jo
M B Davis Jr. Texas
J H Matthews. Cal
J C Flint, Auburn
C T Green. Bkrsfleld
C W Eastin, Modesto
Mrs M A Angellottl.
Santa. Cruz
PALACE HOTEL
J R Williams, Phila
T T Williams. S Rafal
George Nelle. Seattle
O W Posey. Berkeley
W Baely Jr. Berkeley
H A Kountz. Iowa
Mary A Kountz. Iowa
W Kountz. Iowa
W B Thomas & w. la
F D Fuller. Chicago
S Plantz, Wisconsin
A W Ryan & w, L An
A J Goldsmith. Illinois
Miss Hattie Goldsmith,
Illinois.
R H Hicks & w. Tex
Miss I Hicks. Texas
John Hicks, Texas
Frank Hicks. Texas
Miss A P Scarbough,
Texas
J T Berry. Chicago
S Guersenberger <fc w,
Natchez, Miss
W R Ramsdell.S Diego
W B Barthold. Texas
H W O'Melveny. L An
S O'Melveny, L. Ang
F E Wilcox & w, N Y
C W Thompson, Oklnd,
J M Keith & w. Ptlandi
Mrs M Rich, N Y
Miss I Rich. X T '
Mrs H L Klngsbary. j
New York j
Miss K Kinpsbury. KTJ
M P Rich. N Y
E A Carters & w. Cal
¦\y -^y Turner. Texas
A Levy, Texas
O D Hunter, Texas
W C Dibrill, Tenn
Miss Dibrill. Tenn
W P Kellogs & w, N T
P W Molse. TVatsnvlllA
T J Field, Monterey
E L Luddermann, Or
G M Crais & vr. Tex 1
W L Shaw A w, Mich
Mrs J R Runyon. N J
Hon L French. London
I. C Easan, London
Mrs Shepardson. Pnila
Miss Greene, Phila
Misses Gibson. Phila
Mrs J C Ferguson, Pa
Misses Ferguson, Pa
W M York, Pasadena
A L Jacobs, Salt Lake
G L Mendell. S Lake
M Sisson & w. Miss
W Chapman, England
G M Davidson & w,
Chicago
H H Bancroft. N Y
C H Gre,en. San Mateo
Allan Green. S Mateo .
Mrs T E Krou'ne. S M
Edna Krouse, S Mateo
C A Pease & vr. S Mteo
C S Brooks, Boston
H P 'Wasrsaman.
¦Washington.- D C
Miss E L Camp,
Washington. D C
Thos. Flint, San Juan
Mrs A B Ryker. S Juaa
Miss Helen Ryktr.
San Juan
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
F U Norman, La
K W Gates, Chicago
G Sellers, Colo
K E Latson. Colo
J Or Polk & w, Ind
J Hater, Montpetlier
W A' Ford. Denver
J H Allison, Crockett
J M Jould. Denver
H K Wahl, Denver
A J Kimer. San Mateo
J H Alexander, Iowa
WE Evans & w. Mo
S D Chetwood. Mo
W T Roney & w. Mo
J R Dunlap & w. Mo
T R Hiion &. w. Mo
Miss HendricKson. Ho
>V C Cooley. Mo
W M Ellis. Sacto
I Martonson, Ariz
Ft M Muehmore &. son.
Arizona
J V Lcseney & f. Ohio
J J Schulze. I"a
MBA Bond. Manila
II H McCoy. Dcn»«r
Mrs A B Eoyd. Cal
Miss Coyd. Cal
Mrs W Williams, CXI
M Mason, New York
J W Parkisen. Cal
C S Armatrond & w, O
D F Ccdy. Boston
For the Arbitration Court.
WASHINGTON, July 16.— To maintain
the present balance of the American rep
resentation on The Hague Arbitration
Commission, the President regards It as
essential to appoint a Republican to fill
the vacancy created by the death of for
rrer President Harrison. Difficulty la be
ing experienced in finding a suitable per
son of national reputation. The Supreme
Court will not be further drawn upon.
The United States Senate is barred as a
field of selection, and the indications are
that the choice will fall upon some di3
tlr guished member of the State judiciary.
Esparto High School Instructors.
"WOODLAND, July 16.— Miss Beatrice
Bannon of Sacramento has been chosen,
principal of the Esparto High School and
Miss M. Johnson of Yolo county, assist
ant.
Deeds will be placed on record to-day by
which properties aggregating about six
teen acres, situated In the Potrero and
bounded by Slariposa, Sierra. Tennessee
and Iowa streets, will be conveyed to the
Santa Fe Railroad Company. For somo
time the Santa Fe has been tmrchastns
lots to secure the material with which to
fill in the China Basin. Captain A. H.
Payson has acted for the company, em
ploying the firm of Baldwin & Howell,
real estate brokers, to acquire the needed
property. In the tract are high hills which
have all the material required, estimated,
to be about 2,500,000 cubic yards, which,
can be made to contribute to the Im
provement of the basin at a nominal cost.
The filling of the basin will cost about
$500,000, but this Is for the labor mainly.
The removal of the hills will improve the
tract upon which they stand and add to
the valuable holdings of the company.
There are about fifty dwellings to be
moved. Property that would be affected
by the changing of the grades of streets
which will result from the company's ope
ration in connection with the filling of the
basin was purchased. A striking change
will be effected in the Potrero. which will
be made practically level south of Eight
eenth street from Indiana east. The
money to be paid for the many properties
bought will amount to about $500,000. so
that the expenditure of about $1,000,000 la
Involved altogether. "When the work is
done the houses that now stand on hills
will be upon level lots, surrounded by
improved streets. A large force of men
will be employed for a considerable pe
riod.
The principal sellers are as follows
Pacific Improvement Company, Mrs. Emma
Livingston, the Potrero Land and Improvement
Company, Bertha Bloominsdale. Potrero Land
and Water Front Company, John O. Reis, N.
Ohlandt, John A. Buck. Lewis Morse, T. C.
Van Ness. Peter Ward, James O'Donnell.
James Flanagan, Delia Keenan. Charles
Adams. Catherine Dixon, Margaret Thompson.-
Robert Packham, Henry Miller and the estate
of Charles Lux.
Large Area "Will Derive Bene
fit Fr.om the Road's
Operations.
Santa Fe • Preparing to
Pill China Basin
From Hills.
POTRERO DEALS
ARE PERFECTED
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
PORT TOWNSEND- Arrived July 16— Ship
Jabez Howes, from Honolulu. ¦
NEAH BAY— Passed in July 16-Shlp Para
raita, from Honolulu.
EASTERN PORT.
NEW YORK— Arrived July . 16— Strar Oceanic,'
from Liverpool and Queenstown.
11THE SAN FRAKCISCO CALL, A^EDlSfESDAY, JTJLY 17, 1901.
12
WAXTED— MALE. ,
YOUNG man wishes position of any kind In a
wholesale or retail house ; can give good refer:
ences. Box 236S,. Call office., - •
¦ YOUNG man would like position in the coun-
; ; trj% to take care of horses or work around
place. '. Box 39C7, Call office. . "
GpOD harnessmaker .wishes position in shop
cr livery stable. Address 237 Minna • st.
CHR. BILLKR. . . . -- .
SITUATION wanted by a reliable man as
watchman. Address G"US REIMIS. 120 How-
¦ ard st.
BUTCHER wants position In some wholesale
place to drive wagon or some other work.
"Write to C. W. F., 1703 Leavenworth st.
JANITOR, experienced, wishes a position; ref-
erences ; be content with small salary. Box
3?26. Call office. ¦
' "WANTED— Permanent position by a middle-
aged man, stranger -in city; steady and reli-
able and of fair education. Box 4498. Call.
BUTCHER, single. German born, good experi-
ence, wishes position; city or country. Acl-
dress Butcher, 4S5 Pine St.
YOUNG man wishes to hear of a position In
grocery store or saloon; city experience; flrst-
class reference. Box 3933, Call office...-
WANTED— Position by first-class American
cook in private family or camp; good refer-
ence. Address box 3930, Call office.
YOUNG man. . 22,. would like to learn good
trade. Address C. AV., room 108. 1236 Market.
MIDDLE-AGED French gardener wishes sltu-
atlon.in private family; speaks French and
German, but not much English;- worked 20
years at Paris and 5 months in this country.-
Address ERNEST? BOEGEL, 212 San Pablo
ave., Oakland.
GROCERY clerk wishes situation. Address
box S966, Call office.
WANTED— Position in a grocery store; speaks
German, French and English. Address box
3796. Call office.-
WANTED— Position by a first-class coachman;
thorough horseman and good all-around man;
also good gardener: best of references given.
Box 3S05, Call office. ¦ ¦ '
MIDDLE-AGED man familiar with the city
wants to drive and take care of 1 or 2 horses.
Box 3SC3, Call office.
"WANTED— A position cutting wood with privl-
. lege of raising a few chickens, etc.; must be
a long Job. Box 3983, Call. ..
A YOUNG man (Danish) with wife and one
child year and a half old wishes situation
on country place; man good gardener, horse-
man and understands that work thoroughly;
wife good cook if required: reliable In every
respect; first-class references. D. N., box
3801, Call office.
YOUNG, man experienced in general office
work would like situation. Address box
3326, Call office.
GOOD Japanese couple want places; man as
¦ cook, wife nurse and housework; both speak
English. 35S Jessie st. ; tel. Howard 2346. ¦
GOOD Japanese man wants place to do house-
work; speaks English. 358 Jessie St.; tel.
Howard 2346. * . ¦
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
FEATHERS^ UEyOVATEp.
FEATHER pillows and mattresses steamed,
renovated. E. J. O'ROURKE, 1393 Valencia
st ; phone Capp 26S2. ¦
FLATS TO LET.
H^U^E^r^O^TA^E^r^LA^S^o"^-^^^"
1125 LeaVwth; h.,8r.$52 921 Buchanan; f. 6 r.$30
2118 Central av. h lOr 50 1618 Bush; f. 9 r SO
1178 Ellis; f. 8 r .45 2427 Sutter; c. 6 r 22
1521 O'Farrell; f. 7 r. 37 418 Clayton; f. 5 r.. 21
Apply A. M.' SPECK & CO., 667 Market st.
COLE, corner Oak— One flat of 8 rooms; tiled
bathrooms and sinks; beamed and frescoed
ceilings; looking out on Park; marble vesti-
bule; furniture for sale, which Is new and
artictically selected; open bet. 10 and 4 o'clock
every day. Key at. 409 Cole st.
PINE, 2132—6 rooms, bath; all modern; large
back yard; fine basement. Inquire of owner,
2134 Pine st.
A SUNNY corner flat, 7 rooms, bath; central.
1521 O'F_rrell, near Laguna.
TO let— 4 rooms; $10. 247 Shipley st.
A FINE flat of 5 room3 'and bath at 45S5
Eighteenth st. ; fine view.
BOWIE ave., 5 — A flat of 3 rooms; bay-window;
cheap . rent to a small family.
NEW fi-room flat; faces park. 54 Partola St.,
off Waller, west of Steiner.
FLATS FOR SALE FURNISHED.
J300 BUYS an elegantly furnished 4-room flat;
part cash; rent $22. 710 Jones, nr. Pleasanton.
FLATS WASTED. ~
WANTED— Near the park or In desirable part
of Mission, below Twentieth St., furnished
flat of 7 rooms and bath by family of adults;
rent' reasonable. Address immediately box
4457, Call office. .
WANTED— Unfurnlslied flat of 7 or 8 rooms and
- bath, near Park; rent not over $30; on long
term. Address box 3917. Call office.
FUKXITUKE FOR SALE.
Will furnish your house on monthly payments.
A. B. Smith Furniture Co., 12S & 132 Ellis.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak, $48 50, with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co., 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE WANTED.
CAL. Auction Co.. 1462 Market — Buys furniture,
merchandise, etc. ; phone Jessie 2071.
TEL. Jessie 761 before selling furniture, car-
. pets, pianos, etc. CHAS. LEVY, 1135 Market.
BEFORE disposing of your furniture see
Golden Gate Auction Co.. B2S Howard st.
A. . WOLI.PERT. 773 Mission St.. nays highest
prlco for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1351.
Auctioneer— L.Vincent, 1305 Larkin ; tel.Po'ik 6S4;
furniture & ¦ furn'd houses bought; spot'eash.
GLOVES.
D. & F. new $1 clove, retailed at factory price;
warranted; kept in repair. 121 Grant ave.
HELP WANTED FEMALE.
AT^Tl^IA^E jT&T Ca ' S . . ".". '. 104 Geary Vt.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT.
"Waitresses, chambsrmaids, cooks, fancy iron-
ers, r>clishei-s. starchers, city and country.
- FAMILY DEPARTMENT.
Girl as companion and do housework for
small American family. Oakland, $20; second
girl, no sweeping,' no washing windows, Oak-
land, $25, see parties here; ranch cooks, cooks
and houseeirls. highest wages paid. C. R.
HANfcEN & CO., 104 Geary et.
MRS. M. E. DAY.....' .Phone Main 1575
. HOTEL DEPARTMENT.
Head waitress, mountain resort, fare paid.
2 waitresses, mountair*»resort, fi-ee fare, $25.
2 waitresses, first-class springs, free fare, $20.
2 waitresses, coast resort, free fare, $20.
2 waitresses, commercial hotel, free fare. $25.
14 waitresses, city and country, $20 and $21.
Waitress fcr i*mall country hotel, free fare, $20.
FAI.IILY DEPARTMENT.
Many first-class family places; families now
coming In from the country; best wages.
MRS..M..E. DAY 335 Geary st.
W ANTED— German ¦ or Scandinavian second
girl and sewing, $25; 2 waitresses for city
family hotel, $20; nurse, $20; German infant's
nurse, $20; colored glri, general housework,"
Humboldt County, $25; cook and 2d girl, same
house, Oakland, see lady in office; cook, Ger-
man style, $30; second girl, . Oakland, $2.>;
cleaning woman for Institution, $25; 115 girls
for cooking and housework in city, and coun-
try, " $20, $25 and $30. Apply to J. F.
CROSETT & CO., 316 Sutter.
WANTED— First-class cook, ¦ small family;
wages $35. CATTELLS. 525 Sth St.. Oakland.
WANTED- Protestant lady, to take charge of
children R3 matron in institution; wages $50.
CATTELLS, 525 Eighth St.; Oakland—
A— HOTEL GAZETTE, 26 Montgomery, rm. 12.
Cp.shier, city restaurant; 'waitresses, > resorts,
$:o. . '¦¦¦•-¦ . ¦ . ¦ ¦ :
100 WOMEN and girls wanted; those having
• worked in canneries preferred; highest wages
paid. GIBBS-WILSON Packing Co., S21
, Bryant st. .
WANTED-A lady to attend an -Invalid who
has difficulty in walking; must be strong, tall
and a sood reader; please state references
and terms to H.. box 3S27, Call office.
OPERATORS on shirts and overalls; inexperi-
enced , instructed. HEYNEMANN & CO., 410
Mission st. .. ¦ ¦ -; : . . ¦ .
YOUNG girl: wanted for light housework; Ger-
; man' preferred. Call. 1207',-i Scott St.; sieop
";home. ' . ¦ "
EXPERIENCED operators and learners: also
1 young girls to sew on buttons. .G. W. REY-
NOLDS, 697* Mission 'St., corner . Second.
APPRENTICE wanted to work on coats; paid
¦ while learning. 525 California st., near
Kearny. room 8.
EXPERIENCED bookkeeper and stenographer;
references required. L. SAMTER & SON. 518
Market st. •-. <
"WANTED— Saleslady for: hat department at
RAPHAELS. .;
WANTED— A girl for general. housework ' and
cooking-. .1915 Eddy- st. ..-
"WOMAN.: to do cooking and general housework
- for country. . Call £28, Turk. st. .
WANTED— A lady hairdresser at 252 Ellis St.;
' near. Taylcr. : ' ' ¦. . •.
_HEIiP WAXTED— FEMALE Com.
i WANTED— A girl to do cooklnz; wages . $25.
: Call from 10 to 12 at 601 Stelnef St..
¦ WANTED— A girl fcr house and chamber work.
¦ . Call after 1 p. m., 969-Mis3ion st., cor. Sixth.
A GIRL for general housework; small family;
cooking; wages $15. 121GVs Golden Gate ave.
WANTED — Mature woman as traveling man-
. ager for established business. Box 3831 Call.
1 APPRENTICE girl wanted on tailoring. 410
Examiner bldg. ' ' . -• . . -'
AMATEUR singers wanted. Apply at Chutes
: I at 6 p. m. this evening. . . .
FINISHER wanted on custom coats. 533 Na-
toma st.; steady. work; good pay.
: EXPERIENCED apprentice on custom coats
; wanted. 419 O'Farrell street., .rear.
WANTED— Good ¦ button-hole finisher on cus-
tom coats. 927 Market st., room -623. .
GERMAN girl for general housework: wages
$25. Call from 8 to 1 p. m., 517 Montgomery.
W' ANTED— Waitresses. Hotel Repeller, tH
. Sutter st.
EXPERIENCED girls wanted at bookfolding
and sewing; first-class wases. Apply at Mc-
Intyre's Bindery, 422 Commercial st. ' . ' "
IRONERS and operators wanted, $5 to $6 per
week to beginners. National Laundry Co.,
472 Geary* Et. : ¦
YOUNG girl for general housework and cook-
ing; wages $20. Call 8 to 12 a. m., 213 Brod-
erlck st. '
NEAT, plain, competent cook; some housework;
¦references.' 1909 Pacific ave.
NEAT young girl or woman for children's
nurse; references. 1300 Pacific ave.
APPRENTICES on ladies' hat frames. Apply
JOHN T. BYRNE, 35 New Montgomery st.
GERMAN girl; must be good cook; We keep
2 In help; will pay $25. 902 Eddy st. .
GERMAN girl to cook in bakery. 108 Ninth
street.
WANTED — Competent girl for general house-
work; references. Apply 8 to 11 a. m. 13
Scott st. ¦ .
MIDDLE-AGED woman for light housework:
wages $12 to $15; good home. 4202 Twenty-
thlrd st. . . .
IIELr WAXTED— MALE.
A— MURRAY & READY.". Phone Main 5848
...Leading Employment and Labor Agents...
OFFICE OPEN 7 A. M. TO-DAY
RAILROAD MEN
50 laborers, Ukiah .' Free Fare
150 teamsters. Ukiah $2 day
" 375 men to cut right of way,' Ukiah, wages,
$2 to $2 25 day -. Free Fare
S. P. R. R. CO.'S OWN WORK
175 men to work for the S. P. R. R. Co. in
section, steel, ballas*. and other gangs, on the
' Los Angeles and Santa Barbara and other di-
visions, wages $1 75 to $2 25 day; we ship three
times daily; free fare; no other expenses;
fee .• $1
Blacksmith, EOc fare :...$3 day
Camp cook, R. R., $45 free fare
Blacksmith, R. It., $45 free fare
¦ •
......FOR ELECTRIC AND POWER CO
30 laborers, no experience required $67 50
15 drillers $75
MECHANICAL DEPARTMENT
Blacksmith, mining ttiwn, $3 day, see bossi
here; 2 carpenters, mine, fare $2 50, $75; •£
rough carpenters, $2 CO day; ranch blacksmitH,
fare $1, $40 and found; 17 blacksmiths, -ma-
chine and carriage shops, camps and ranches,
$3 50 and ?3 day. $52 and $45 and found: 9
blacksmiths' helpers, $1 75 day and $52 and
found; gang edjrer man, see boss here
*..... SPECIAL— LABORERS
10 laborers, large company, near city, 8 hours'
work $2 day
SAWMILLS AND WOODS
12 lumber pliers, steady job, $35 and found;
10 laborers, no experience, sawmill company,
$35. to $45 and found; 2 tree fellers, $45 and
found; bark peelers, $40 and found.:
MISCELLANEOUS
AGRICULTURAL DEPT ....-DAIRIES
10 muckers, large mine. $60 and found; 5 labor-
ers, surface work, no experience, $30 and
found; 10 laborers, gold mine, $75: 5 laborers,
35c fare, $34 and found; 25 laborers, quarry,
$60; 5 laborers, factory, $1 75 day; 3 stable-
men, $40 and $53; gardener, private place, $40;
stableman, private place, $30; 25 2 and 4 horse
teamsters, $2 and $2 25 day; 5 men,, handle
grain, $3 day
150 farmers, men to work in hay and har-
vest $125 to $2 day
10 fruit pickers, $30 and found; 10 ranch team-
sters; 10 hay balers, good wages; choreman,
private place, $25; choremen and boys, $25 and |
J20; pruners for orchard; 15 milkers, $30 and j
$40 and found; butter maker, $35. see boss here
...HOTEL AND OTHER DEPARTMENTS...
Second cook and dishwasher, same mill board-
Ing house, $45 and $30, see boss here; butcher,
small country shop, near city, $25 to $30; as-
sistant butcher, slaughter house, *30; second
cook, lumber camp, $35: waiter, same place,
. $25; 15 cooks; 9 waiters; shirt poliEher and iron-
ers; waiter, springs, hotel; kitchen help, etc.
MURRAY & READY.. ...... ..634-636 Clay st.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S. ...104 Geary st.
"Wanted to-day t
Teamsters, laborers and tunnelmen for
Ukiah ..-
Nevada
TrucUee
Coast Line ,
<*hatsworth Park
"Wages $1 75 to $3 a day
Free fare : Free fare
6 blacksmiths, country, $2 50 and $3 a day;
100 laborers for ditch work, handling cord
• wood and in brick yards for large companies,
$2 to $2 25 a day; 50 farmers, haymakers and
milkers, $3fi, $30 and $25.
HOTEL. DEPARTMENT.
Camp cook for railroad work, $50 and free
fare; second cooks and broilers, $60 and $70;
attendants' cook. Institution, country, $40;
extra steward, $2 a day; extra butcher, $2 a
day, country hotel; 20 dishwashers, kitchen j
hands, pantrymen and porters, $30 and $^3. |
£0 extra waiters. $2 a day; 6 waiters, re-
Forts. $30: 3 restaurant waiters, country, $30;
6 bell-boys, $10 and S15.
C. R. HANSEN & CO 101 Geary st.
AT the California Employment Agency,
¦69 Third St., nr. Call bids.; phone Bush 405.
100 R. R laborers, S. P. Co.'s own. work; $1 73
to $2 CO a day.
..Los Angeles, and Santa Barbara divisions..
No Experience Required
Office fee II, no other expense
% FREE FARE
6 harvest hands, $2 a day and board.
. 5 lumber pliers. $35 a month and board.
3 men to feed hay press, $3 to $4 a day. .
Laborers, teamsters and milkers.
6 sawmill men, $30 to $35 per month and found.
A man to take contract to furnish 50,000 tons
of rock.
2 men to work In warehouse, $3 per day.
BUTLER and valet. ' $50 and found; colored
man for camping party, $1 day and found;
porter for club, %X day and board: restaurant
cook. $50 to ?C0: pastry cook and baker, $50;
yardman: vegetable cook. $35; waiters, dish-
washers and others. J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
628 Sacramento st.
FRUIT farmer, $65 month, and wife to board
men at 30c a day; farmers, $30; stableman,
t30; 5 milkers, SCO; choreboy for resort, $15;
American driver for milk wagon, $35 . and
found; 5 carpenters, $3 50 day; choreman,
private family. $20 and found; and others.
. J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 62S Sacramento st.
S. F. 'EMPLOYMENT OFFICE. 323 Kearny St.
TO R. R. laborers, Ukiah and .Santa Barbara,
free fare; 50 laborers, lumber mill, ship Fri-
day; 20 laborers, 20 teamsters. $2 23, fare
$1 20; floor man for horseshoe shew.
JOURNEYMEN Barbers' International Unton —
Free employment. S27 Market st.. room 207.
I. LESS. Secretary: telephone Jessie 1176.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE. 26 Montgomery, rm. 12.
3 waiters, resort, $20; 6 colored waiters, $30;
house man, $-0. .
WAREHOUSEMEN and grain handlers are
hereby notified to remain away from Port
Costa and Crockett until further notice. By
order Bay Counties Warehousemen's Protec-
tive Association No. 922S.
YOUNG colleso graduate who understands
shorthand. MYSELL-ROLLINS & CO., 22
Clay £t. , . " ' .' '
WANTED — Cooks, .waiters and waitresses, also
extras for Euworth League meeting; boys
about 16 years for doorkeepars. 127 Mason st.
ELDERLY man for country; care of horse,
garden, etc.; object home more than wages.
Box 3S07, Call. - -. -
BOYS wanted to learn brass finlshlns. Ad-
dress or inaulre "W. T. GARRATT & CO.,
corner Fremont and Natoma sts. .'
WANTED— Young man .with some money;. $30
a month and board: no experience. Restau-
rant, 4SG Fourth st.
"WANTED — A bright young man to solicit . for
printing house; pood hustler. Address A. B.,
box 3S30, Cal! office. .
2 PAINTERS, 1 cabinet maker: non-union;
no office fees. Mechanics' Registration Bu-
reau, 410 : Kearny st... room 24.
WANTED— 2 experienced,- industrial insurance
men; good chance for advancement. Box
3S24. Call office. ; .
A— 3 MACHINE drillers for railroad tunnel; $3
a day. free fare. C. R. HANSEN & CO.,
104 Geary st. '
WANTED— A first-class, men's clothing sales
man at RAPHAEL'S.
UNION barber, good worker, for "Wednesday,
Saturday and Sunday, at 2197% Powell st. .
5MCRBER, first-class, wants a Job in country
town; state wages. Address box 3369, Call.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged., halt
price. C63 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts. .
WANTED— Good barber at 617 Montgomery
street. - ¦ • . ;.-. ._ ¦ . .
BARBER wanted; steady man. 142^4 Eighth
st. ; call after 8 a.m. ' ' . ¦
Y/ANTED-r-A rood and router.
Address box 4J3S, Call office. " " : '.' ; " ; ; .
HB_P WA_?tTEP— MA I.V. Con.
BEDMAKER wanted: must have reference.
Call Reno House, 631 Sacramento st.
WANTED— Lunch waiter from 11:30 a. m. to
- 1:30 p. m. 210 Townsend st. .
"WANTED— 1C0 quarrymen and rock drillers.
Apply 232 Montgomery st.
GOOD waiter at 1201 Fillmore St.. corner of
Turk. '
BOY about 15 for carpenter shop: wages $3 per
week. S. J. WILKINS A CO.. 51 Sacramento.
WANT man for real estate business. HEALY
& GILLKSPIE, 630 Market st-
"WANTED — Presser on pants at 8 Grant ave.,
upstairs. - ; .
WANTED— Strong boy to tvork in candy fac-
tory. Call 4S5 Valencia st.
CAPABLE soHcitor; something new; good
term3. 347 Thirteenth St.. near Valencia.
DISHWASHER wanted. 315 Grant ave.
B ASTERS on coats. S. N. .WOOD & CO.. 27
Geary st. V-^ *
SAILORS, ordinary, for ships for all parts of
world. HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart St.
WANTED— A waiter and dishwasher. 613 Clay
street. -
FIRST-CLASS dishwasher wanted; no others
need apply. People's Restaurant, 631 Clay st.
PRESSERS on custom coats. 40 . Ellis St..
room 54. _____
GOOD house painters wanted at 1701 Sutter
street. '
BOOTBLACK. 947 Flllmore street; good
wages. __
TWO Bhoemakers on repairs; steady work. Ap-
ply at E63 Mission st.
EXPERIENCED beer and soda water bottler.
711 Market st. • ¦ ¦
WANTED— Walter. 3S Seventh St.; call after J.
WANTED— To rent my coffee house to an
able party. 613 Clay st. -_
WANTED— Shoemaker for custom repairing;
steady work. S3% Mission st.
ATTENTION— "Wanted men at once to learn
the barber trade; In 8 weeks we make you a
journeyman barber; we prepare you for the
examinations before the Commissioners and
secure you a position; outfit of tools free;
having 100 applications for help, we offer tui-
tion almost free. San Francisco Barber Col-
lege, 741 Howard st. '. ¦
MEN wanted to learn the barber trade: only
8 weeks required: 2 years' time saved by our
method; examination and diploma given
free, complete outfit of tools donated: special
Inducements this month. Call or write at
once for special offer and free catalogue. MO-
LER BARBER COLLEGE. 635 Clay st.
SOLDIERS wanted learn the barber trade; spe-
cial Inducements: situations guaranteed after
8 weeks' practice; call or write at once for
special offer and free catalogue. MOLER
COLLEGE. 635 Clay st.
HEN to take lessons in self-shaving: will be
of lasting- benefit to you; terms reasonable.
Boston Institute of Autoshaving. 105 Ellis st.,
• room 31. 10-12 a. m.. 1-4 and 6-8 p. m.
WANTED— At Master Bakers' Protective Asso-
ciation, foreman, second and third bread
' bakers; also confectioners; good pay; perma-
nent positions. 127 Mason st.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
i that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprietor, still
I runs Denver House, 217 Third st. ; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
WANTED — Draughtsman; one accustomed to
detailing terra cotta work. GLADDING, Mc-
BEAN & CO.. 1338 Market St., S. F.
BARBERS— An up-to-date, one-chair barber
shop for sale; clearins over $100 a month; in
a good town. Box 3703, Call office.
PENSION ATTORNEY EDWARD A. BULLIS.
Past Commander Geo. H. Thoma3 Post No. 2,
G. A. R., room 40. Phelan bldg.. 806 Market.
BARBER shop for sale; money in sight; $70; a
special bargain. Inquire at Call office.
WANTED— Planing-mill manager. Address box
3802. Call office.
WANTED — Cellarman of experience; wholesale
liquor house; references required. Address
box 3931. Call office.
WANTED— 10 first-class lathers, J4 50 per day,
which is $1 above union wages. Apply Sut-
ter and Hyde sts.
WANTED — Experienced salesman for a retail
grocery. H. HOLLMAN, 2S07 Mission st.
WANTED— Wagon blacksmith and helper. 537
Brannan st.
WANTED— Bootblack. 1905 • Fillmore st. i
WANTED— 6 painters. Apply HELLWIG &
LEGALLETT'S Tannery. South San Fran.
FOR sale — 2-chair barber shop cheap; account
of sickness. 206 Leavenworth st.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 23c
to 50c. E63 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
WANTED — 500 men to buy new and 2d-hand
army shoes, $1 up; soling 20c up. 923 Howard.
McDONALD & PERRY have 500 pairs second-
hand shoes for sale: SOc. 241 Third st.
"WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket — 700 rooms, 25c night; reading-rooms; free
'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
! received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
HORSES A3iD WAGONS.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagon3, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market,
«t27 Sixth St.; auction sales every 'Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE, Auctioneers.
'40 HEAD of work and driving horses; 2 fast
pacers. 721 Howard st.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc., cheap. EGAN & SON, 2117 Mission st.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single; al*<o light
camping wagon, for sale cheap. 532 Mission.
HORSES WASTED.
HORSES wanted to work on scraper Job; fcur
or five months' work.. Apply at 26 Montgom-
ery st.. room 2o.
. HOSPITALS.
MENTAL and nervous diseases— A few select
cases will be cared for at Hospital and Sani-
tarium. 220 Douglas St.. San Francisco.
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G." H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
HOUSES WASTED.
WANTED— To rent unfurnished house of ten
tc twelve rooms. In the Western Addition;
must be modern in every way. Address box
3SCS. Call office.
"WANTED — A lodging-house, from 11 to 17 rms. ;
cash payment; state price. Box 3739. Call.
IXSTAXTANEOl'S WATER HEATEA.
HOT bath In ten minutes at cost of 2*_c: saves
lire In range; you light your Same and by the
time you are disrobed your bath is ready; no
danger ironi explosion; sold on Installments:
call and see it in operation. KLBBON
"WATER-HEATING CO.. Exam, bldg.. r. 607.
LOST AXD FOUXD.
LOST— Out3ide of the Tiburon ferry; old tan-
colored valiso: think had initials "G. H." or
"G. T. K."; finder return to 302 California
St., room 11; suitable reward.
LOST— Fox terrier dog with collar and bells,
Saturday, July 13. Return to 71 Tremont ave.
and receive reward. >• ;
HORSESHOE diamond ring. July-12 on Pow-
ell-st. car t>et. Bush and Market sts., or
Hayes-st. car bet. Powell and -Franklin. Lib-
eral reward if returned to JOHN T. GIBSON
1204 Market st.
LOST— On Sunday. July 14. bet, Ross station.
Marin Co.. and Union-st. cars to Laguna st_.
a diamond brooch. Liberal reward If re-
turned to 424 Parrott building.
Wanted— Old gold for manufacturing. O. Nolte.
jeweler. 248 O'Farrell. bet. Powell and Mason.
MATRIMONIAL.
GENTLEMEN wishing to marry wealthy ladles
send 10c for latest list. MRS.HERTZ. 7C6 Ellis
MATTRESSES AND jWHOWS.
TO order, also cleaned . and sterilized, uphol-
stery; Al carpet cleaning: honest work guar-
anteed. HOPKK EROS.. 411 to 415 Powell St.;
tel. Bush 421. -
~~- ~ ~~ MEDICAL. ~, ~~- ~
A— RENOWNED specialist; those who desire to
obtain results promptly; I treat ladles only;
my regulator has no equal; all clasrus of Is-
male complaints relieved by treatment su-
perior to all others ; the only treatment that
"helps the -unfortunate; the most obstinate
cases are immediately relieved without pain;
no other treatment will do this; the mo3t dif-
ficult cases treated; scientific methods guur-
anteed. DR. G. "W.'O'DOXNELL. 1018 Market.
HINDOHERB home treatment; the most won-
derful. simple, sure remedies ever known for
Indijrestlon. tapeworm, neuralgia, leucorrhea
gonorrhea and all troubles of male and female
sexual organs; treat yourself; be your own
doctor; 4 months' suppository treatment $4
maternity home: bust developer: send stamp
for circulars. 1126 Market St., S. F.. Cal.
Dr. and Mrs. Davles, 122S Market: our regulator
is a treatment that has brought health and
happiness to thousands of suffering women*
office treatment . guaranteed ; strictly reliable.
T. DUFFY'S solution guaranteed to cure all
Ekln diseases NWcnr n n iv> .e. vuir-n*-
MEDICAL— Continued.
A TREATMENT that Is guaranteed to give In-
stant relief for all female complaints; the
longe«t and most obstinate cases immediately
relieved without pain: travelers helped; no
delay f consult free. MRS. DR. KOHL. 1123
Market, bet. Maaoa and Taylor, opp. Hale'a.
MRS DR WYETH has removed from Post st.
to 410 O'Farrell; reliable Iadle3' specialist; 25
years' successful practice: guar. treatment at
office- any ailment; private home for patients
before and durtns confinement: low fees.
A POSITIVE cure guaranteed la all fernato
complaints or money returned; my regulator
never fails; the most obstinate cases relieved
without pain: best care: fee low; consult free.
MRS. PR. ALLEN. HIS Market, nr. Mason.
Mr\E« ~ A _|_**"£1_^2:
m^^t^zu^-a^c^pp^R^c^aIu^^
movtezuma— copper— coal-coke
MONTEZUMA-COPPER-COAl^COKE
Every investor or intending Investor whe
has visited the Montezuma copper and coal
mines In Washington, has become the com-
pany's friend. Several of these visitors pre-
ceded our big excursion party that la now at
the mines, and have expressed themserves*-
I some of th % em in point-as being fully satis-
fied the company's properties are all that
has been claimed for them. Our excursion
party has been heard from, and in "the same
old way." as the following dispatch will at-
test:
FAIRFAX. Wash., via Carbonado. Wash..
July 13. 1S01.— To the American Guaranty and
Trust Co., San Francisco, Cal: California
party agreed Jtontezuma. mines all claimed
for them. Inspection thorough. Development
work exceeds most sangujne expectations.
Details by mail.
(Slsned> J. S. C. THOMPSON.
Thus accumulates the evidence, all In favor
of the Montezuma. Letters from the people
and new photographs will follow.
Montezuma shares (rar value $1) now 15c
cash or 17c on Installments.
After August 1, 18c cash or 21c on Install-
ments.
Montezuma stock Is the one thing to buy
that will satisfy and make money for the
holder. Buy it now or wait for additional
evidence. Prospectus free.
THE AMERICAN GUARANTY* TRUST CO.
Selling Agents.
310 Safe Deposit Building. San Francisco. Cal.
$oO.COO LOAN will acquire half Interest in fully
developed and newly equipped California goM
mine, producing over $10,000 monthly, expense
$26C0. Call after 10 a. m. or address 20 OFar-
rell st.. room 27.
MISCKLLAAEOUS FOR SALE.
BOILERS, encines. 2d-hand machinery. Me-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, restaurant and po-
ker/tables, barroom chairs, linoleum, new and
second-hand; we always have a larse stock of
saloon outfits on hand; 32 complete outfits on
one floor, ready made; we can ship everything
in 24 hours. J. NOONAN. 1017, 1019. 1021. 1023
Mission St.. above Sixth; write for catalogue.
ON acount of vacating present location and
moving to new works we offer for sale — for
removal— our present buildings, consisting p[
machine shop, foundry and boiler shop, with
traveling cranes. Risdon Iron Works, Bealo
and Howard sts.
Graphophones, Phonographs, Gramophones, to to
$150; easy terms; children's toy gramophones
. $1 50; 2d-hand Phonographs, Gramophones very
cheap. Columbia Phonograph Co.. 133 Geary.
AIR ccmsresscr, 3 sizes, 5, 10, 20 stamp ml!!s;
30 mininsr cars, sumps, locomotive, rail mo-
tors, generators; 4 sets hoisting works; steam
and water sower. J. B. Jardine. 220 Fremont.
BANK counter, 90 feet: cut up to suit: must
sell before August 1. F. G. JONES. 1113 Web-
ster St.. Oakland; phoj>e Main 211. ¦
A — BUYS, sells or rents scear. machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. IIS Spear St.
ALL kinds second-hand building material, lum-
ber, lath, brick and firewood; lowest prices.
Dolan Building Supply Co.. 1611 Market st.
A — 37x52; 2-rolIer .Campbell press; flae «»ondl-
tion. Address box 3925. Ca» office. .;«.'
A— $3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters. 330 Kearny St.. near Pine.
FOR sale — One pure*white Siberian spitz dog, S
months old. Apply 72S Mission st.
FINE suits, $10: dress" pants. $3 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery «t.
AT 3c roll, wallpaper, painting, paper bang-
ing. 1302 Webster St.; tel. Jackson 1321.
WE pay big prices for ladles' sealskins. Port-
land Loan Office, 25 Stockton st,
100.0CO HARD bricks and SCOO good slates at
Mission and Anthony sts.
GASOLINE engines, all sizes, new and second-
hand. J. E. DOAK. 511 Mission st.
2D-HAND machinery of all -kinds bought, sold,
rented, exchanged. H. S. White. 51S Mission.
SAFES— New and second-hand; all sizes. THE
WALTZ SAFE. 109-111 Market St.. San Fran.
S64 MAGIC lantern and raovlns picture ma-
chine S37 50. 1C9 Montgomery st.
SAFES— New a»d second hand. THE HER-
MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramentc st.
ENGINES and boilers; second-hand machin-
ery. J. BURKE. 139 Beale st.
FAIRBANKS' 10-ton hay _ca!e; jeweler's steel
lined safe, perfect order. 216 California st.
Gasoline or distillate engines, new & 2d-hand:
all sizes: guaran--ed. NEWELL. 56 Bluxome.
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern engines an-i
boilers bought and sold. KROGH MFG. Co.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving- pic-
tures. BITLLARP & BRECK. 131 Post at.
MISCELLANEOUS WA>TS.
ALL unused check stamps bought; 2c; loose or
Imprinted; also all documentary and proprle-
tary stamps. R. GARVEY. 1C03 Call building.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 9th st. : tel. Folsom 2522.
___m »A^:y to luax.
AA-MANROTAn"lOAN COJffANT
$300,000 at S per cent In sums to suit." City *
Oaitland; town & country property, second
mortgages, life insurance & securities. Loan*
on unsettled estates, undivided interests In
real estate and legacies. We will purchase
any of above securities. Tel. Red 5024. MAX-
HATTAN LOAN CO.. 7th floor, Crocker bldg.
ANY .AMOUNT AT 6 PER CENT
First, second and third mortgages _
Undivided Interest In real estate In probat*..
Mortgages and legacies bought; no delay....
Get my tenm before doing business elsewter*.
R. McCOLGAN
-i Montgomery St.. room 3
HERMAN MURPHY. 6S0 Market St.. loams on
first and second mortgages. Interests la es-
tates, undivided interests In real estate lega-
cies, etc.; If your property is mortgaged and
you need more money, see HERMAN MUR.
PHY. 630 Market st.
A— MONET to loan at rates which people can
afford to pay on furniture, pianos, etc.; do
not borrow of your friends or you will 'los»
their friendship; do business with strangers
and you will be better satisfied; no delay; no
publicity. Rooms 9 and 10. 906 Market »t.
ANY proposition, any amount: <5 per cent; fimt
second mortgages, estates In probate. Interest
in estates, legacies, chattel mortgages; secur-
ities, manufacturing, mercantile and mining
Interests; corporation loans. R, 16 1st floor
Chronicle building. HALLORAN & OLSEn!
HIGHLY respectable, private place to obtain
liberal- advances on diamonds, jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 948 Market
tt.; tel. Main 1644. Branch 13 Third st.
$:5.0CO IN trust to loan at 6 per cent: city or
??VSJE£t»' "Zr e t* 5 - 01 * BOlng elsewhere.
HARPER. 337 Parrott building.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc.. by private
? ar . ty V. no remov al: no commission; conflden-
tlaL Room 3. Conservatory bldg.. 301 Jones.
ON - furniture, pianos: no removal: money
quick; lowest interest: easy terms; no broker-
age: reliable party. 1170 Market st. room «.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds*
watches, jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL. 10 Sixth:
highest price for old gold, silver, diamond*.
DEAL direct: furniture, pianos; no removal-
low rate; strictly private Lick. 116 McAllister.
ONE Per cent on furniture : $5 a month on each
tlCOO: any security. 303 Montgomery st.. r. t
3% on furniture and pianos: $15 up: no removal*
no commission; private. Room SI. 6 Eddy st.'
°S e 2} &T X M or wa K es : n <> tndorser required. 9
F. DISCOUNT AGENCY. 143 Phelan building!
M 2 X t*F loan^ salaried people without security.
HILL, rm. 44. Merchants' Ex.. 431 California.
LOANS money on salary; no lndorser: Eastern
plan. \Vestera Lean Co.. 309 Phelan bldg.
$100,000 TO loan on real estate or ror building;
low rate. 232 Sansome st.. room 2.
T HE_Tousley Company; loan* and discounts.
BUSINESS CHANCES-— Con-tinned.
' FOR Bale— Hotel of 50 rooms; close proximity tc
1 San Francisco: newly refitted and renovated;
rent 1145 per month; lease to suit tenant: city
, of ECCO inhabitants: only commercial hotel in
the city and making money every month in
the year, lnqvire at office of RAILWAY
HAND BOOK PUBLISHING COMPANY, 2(
Montgomery st.. San Francisco..
BARBER rhop In Hotel Arthur; two-chair com-
bination; best in town; good business: must
1 sell account sickness. J. L FAUSSETT.
Lompoc, Cal. ; *
WANTED— A partner. with a small capital in
a saloon. €24 Seventh st. *
LADY partner; small capital required; estab-
Ilshed business. Box 3914, Call office.
! $700— SACRIFICE: needs money; nine lots; near
San Mateo carhouse. Box 3798. Call office.
" I A BARGAIN — Grocery and bar; established 17
i years; leaving for Europe. Apply 157 Minna.
WANTED— An honest and sober partner with
' $3000 In an optical business; must either be
an optician or be able to attend to corre-
sponding, etc.: cash receipts about $1500 to
$2000 per month. Address GEORGE MAY-
ERLE. German Expert Optician, 1071". Mar-
ket street, San Francisco. .
MILLINERY store for sale In the thriving
town of Salinas; about 4000 inhabitants;
' splendid location: rent reasonable; will be
Fold at a bargain. For particulars address
box 21S. Salinas. Cal. ._ .
FIRST-CLASS 'location for experienced har-
ness-maker to open store; no opposition.
Inquire at 2200 Fillmore st.
FOR _a.le— Cliran, confectionery, store and
fixtures. Ice cream stand; J1S0. M. C. COF-
FEE. Petaluma.
WHO wants to Join Eastern parties In a part-
nership? 1008ij Market St., room 4.
BRANCH bakery and variety store; a bargain.
S21 Howard, st. ; no agents.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been 'established at 1096
Valencia st.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
H. C. DECKER
1020 Market St.. opp. Fifth. Tel. Mint 796.
26 years in Business in This City
Offers for Sale and Exchange
1C0 rooming-houses, 10 to 500 rms., $50 to $25,000
150 lodging-houses. 6 to COO rms., J100 to. 20,000
40 flats, 3 to 12 rooms, SSO to 750
SO private homes. 6 to 25 rooms, $30 to.. 2,000
31 boatdir.g-houses. 30 to 100 rms., ?350 to 10,000
20 hotels, 40 to 200 rooms, 51000 to 8,000
I 40 grocery stores. MC0 to 6,000
20 candy stores, $300 to 1.200
40 saloons, J400 to 6,000
10 cigar storas. $300 to 1.000
£00 other businesses, all kinds, $100 to.. 20,000
100 vacant lots, $25 to 8,000
75 houses ar.d lots, everywhere, $800 to.. 50,000
5 chicken ranches. $100 to 1.700
50 ranches, everywhere, $300 to 14.C00
..To Buy, Sell or Exchange Anything Call..
I can suit you. H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market.
A. CAMERON & CO.,
£50 Market st. and 8 Stockton st.
Rooms 21, £2 and 23. Phone Bush 32S.
If you have hotel, rooming-house or business
• to sell lift with us. We have cash customers
I for all sizes and prices. See list of bargains.
I 62 rms.; rent $133; good fur., carpets $3250
i 46 rms.; rent $150; perm., transient 2400
' 33 rms.: rent $150; Market; mortgage $S00... 2000
; 16 rms.: rent $50: perm, and transient 700
! MONEY loaned on deferred payments; 1H P- c.
j J2 rms.; rent J65, prl. board; good fur $1000
I 10 rms.; rent $52 50; fur. carpts & loc. good. 4C0
' 6 rms.; rent J25; new hardwood fur 375
i Over 500 houses listed. Call before buying, i
WINSTON & V.'OLF,
1026 Market st.
Telephone Jessie 2211.
7 rooms; new fiat; rent $25; corner $16."
17 rooms; rent $£0; clears $50; time 850
26 rooms; good comer; part cash 15(10
42 rooms; rent tlO'r, payments 1700
j 55 rooms; rent $100; paying house 2100
ATTENTION. BUYERS'.
You may buy any rooming-house in
• the city, and pay for It
I In monthly payments
I from the profits
j of the house.
! Vacant bouses furnished.
DONALD INVESTMENT CO.. 850 Market.
FISHER & CO., 9J5 Market; phone Folscm 1312.
75 rooms; price.... $5000 42 rooms; price.... $3200
I 26 rooms; price 19C0 30 rooms; price 2250 '
14 rooms; handsome: rent only $60; price. .$750 ;
j 22 rooms; elegant: rent only S60; price $1500 j
We have over 300 more, any location, kind
| or price, at bargains and hurried sales.
A WELCOME to all Ep worth Leaguers.
MARION GRIFFIN.
I 719 Market Et.. by Call Bldg.: tel. Black 1S03:
j restaurants, delicatessens, stores of all kinds;
i K52 lodging houses. Call at office for list.
. THE largest and best list of lodging-houses
and hotels can be found at office of
G. XV. SCHWEINHARD,
! No. 917 Market st. (near Fifth St.).
j Phone Mint 1911. ¦
i A — WANTED at once, tenants for new rooming
houee; LO to 100 rooms. A. M. SPECK & CO.,
[ 6C7 Market St.
j GOOD chance; 11-room house; low rent; near
I Van Ness; $400. Box 3?25, Call office.
i $3.VV— LODGING-HOUSE. 10 rooms, furnished.
i ES4 1 ,! Mission f=t.
SPIRITUALISM. •
COME and see C. V. Miller's wonderful seances:
Sun.. Tues.. Frl.. 8 p. m., 6Cc; you can speak
to your spirit friends face to face and recog-
nize them; give names; has received medals
from many countries; taken last world's
record medal at Paris Fair. 10S4 Bush; tel.
2275 Larkin st.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY— ™~
Trance, business medium: life reader: exam-
ines ore; oil locations: medical clairvoyant:
treats, cures sick: cancer removed without
use of knife. 1164 O'Farrell, nr. Gough: Ellls-
et. car; sit.. SI: letter. $2. Tel. Hyde 2401.
RESUMED -business— MRS. DR. FARXHAM.-
the world-renowned spiritual medium: advice
In all affairs of life; lawsuits, divorces,
deaths: unites the separated: mining a spe-
cialty: circles Sun.. Wed.. Fri. eve.; letters
answered. Residence (no signs), 33 McAllister.
JOHN* BLATER— Circles. 25c; Sun., .Mon. Fri.
eves., 8:15: Wed. aft., 2:45; sit. 10 to 4 except
Pat. & Sun. - 1S09 Stockton, r.r. Greenwich.
Farewell 24th test dr. to-night, 10c; readings,
spirit photos dally. Arnold Dickson. 14S Sixth.
MRS. GILLINGHAM. spiritual meeting 8:15 p
m.. 10c;bringsealedquestIons.305Larkin;take el.
MRS. LESTER. 148 Sixth, room 12; circle to-
night. 10c; truthful readings daily, 50c and $1.
EDWARD EARLE, 328 Ellis— Readings daily;
ccance Sun.. Tues. and Thurs. Tel. Polk 1601.
MRS. Hl'BBARD. 1C9 Oak; dr. Tues.. Fri.. 8
p.m.; Wed., 2:30 p. m. 10c ;read ings daily.50c.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 333 McAllister-Mrs. C. J.
M«" r er: sitttnps daily; test to all to-night. 10c.
CLAIRVOTASTS.
MMeTm. BERNARD. "
Tnr -PAHTnTTQ
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently
located at 17 Third St.. next Examiner bldg Sh<»
reads your life correctly, giyes an accurate de-
scription of the past, reveals the present hap-
penings and portrays events to occur in the fu-
ture. If you are in trouble, discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied In life, or have domes-
tic, love or business troubles, consult this great
medium and you will be told how to overcome
them. Valuable pdvice in all affairs of life;
25c up; perfect estisfaction guaranteed.
A^LINCOLN — CLAIRVOYANT AND
. HIGH PSYCHIST .
He tells your name, condition, desire, hopes,
etc.. without asking a single question; cures
diseases without medicine; shows you how to
avoid bad luck and how to make ¦'yourself,
lucky; reunites the separated; makes harmony
In your home; rives accurate* advice on all
business affairs; investments, mining, oil; read-
Ings by mail; send stamp for terms. 123 Turk.
KNOW YOUR FUTURE. — —
REMOVED-MME. MONTAGUE, eminent
clairvoyant and scientific palmist; gives ad-
vice on business, speculations. Investments,
sickness, law. divorce; gives truthrul revela-
tion In all love affairs; reunites the sepa_-
rated; no failure. 116 Turk st. .
WHY, if some people only knew they could be
benefited by my wonderful occult power, what
a change It would make in their lives: It
would b* brighter, happier and better in every
way; consult the genuine, she will guide you
right. MRS. DR. VALIEN. ir.S3% Market st.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the well-known trance
. medium, is permanently located afl°06 Mar-
ket st., corner Golden Gate ave.. rooms 25 and
26: take elevator. Perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mall: send stamp for pamphlet
with special terms. Dally and Sunday.
MME. ARNDT, the great clairvoyant, tells past
and future; never falls; has the greatest Egy».
tlan secret: shows picture of future husban-l
cr wife; 25c up; satisfaction to everj'body
cures diseases by sympathy. 215»4 Sixth st.
MME. SANDERS. 127 Mason, medium: teaches
palmistry and mind telegraphy: advice on all
business: 4 questions bar mail. $1; hr's, 12 to 8.
KNOW your fate; Mme. Richards, astrological
palmist and reader of human destiny; never
fails; I5c and SOc. 1203 Mission st.. cor. Sth.
ISMAR. the Egyptian pry psy. clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 1148 Market, op.
Cth;. private readings daily, 10 a. m. to 5 p. m.
MME. CARLSON, medium and astroloRist:
horoscopes cast; lessons given, SOc: hours ' 11
to 1 and 4 to 6. H8 Sixth st.. room 22.
WHEN yen' become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S pioneer Carpet-bcat-
ltig Works. 3E3-S57 Tehnma St.; tel. South 40.
MME. LAROSE. best clairvoyant, card reader,
test medium; 23c up. 472 Stevenson st., cor.Cth.
Mrs. Mallory. cfairvoyant card reader;-when o"th-
ers fail consult me;,L. 2Jc. G. SOc. 917 Howard.
r- T .'-^- T - T 5X < ?y.-^- :v T-' s ~~~ < ??r'- t A"rr-l'—
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
) reader, born with double veil— second sight;
diagnoses disease with life reading; ladies SOc;
• gents $1; palm, and clair. sit., $1 50. 128 Turk.
1 MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant. card reader;
- ladies 25c, gents SOc. 132 Sixth st. : : r,
} MME. HANSEN. card, reader and palmist;
past, present and future: 25c. 103 Cth, 2d floor.
' SC WILLE, crystal seer, clairvoyant, .medium;
sittings, 9 a.m. to 8 p.m.; SOc. 215 Leavenworth.
MRS. MELVILL, well-known clairvoyant, water
| reader. 11, 6th ;German spoken ;tel. Howard 1316.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
) palmistry; truth or no pay; 25c. 1143 Mission.
MME. SCHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader;
' sittings daily. 44S'4 Jessie st., bet. 5th and 6th.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice: names given: 25c up. 5 Fourth st. •
BEATING,' 3c; laying, 3c; renovating,' Sc up;
work guaranteed. T. R. Co. ; phone Scott 1310.
RUDO^?H & CO., carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison; tel. Mission 2G3.
CONKLIN'S 'Superior Carpet-beating Works,
S3S Golden Gate ave.; telephone East 126.
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co.-, 402 Sutter. St. ;
tel. Main 334. GEO. WALCOM, Proprietor.
CITY Steam Carpet-beating Works. G. H.
STEVENS. Mgr., 3S-40 Sth St.; tel. South 250.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-beating and Reno-
vatlng Co.. 240 Fourteenth St.; tel. Mission 74.
CARPETS cleaned at the lowest rates. STBAT-
TON. 3 Eighth st. : telephone Jessie S44. .
CHIROPODISTS.
INGROWN nails, bunions, corns, warts, chil-
blains; painless cure. Dr. Duncan. 415 Sutter.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
Columbian Law & Collection Agency, rm. 85, 916
Market — Experienced, reasonable, trustworthy.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No charge un-
less successful. Room 310, 927 Market St.
COTTAGES TO LET.
WOLFE. 8—4 rooms; rent $8 50. Key No. 12,
next door.""
DEXTISTS.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIcTI^Mar^
ket Et.. cgr. 4th. rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
$3 SO up; plates, extractions free, $4 E0 up; of-
I fice hours. 0 a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sundays, 9 to 2
| p. m. J. W. THATCHER. M. P.. Manager.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions or fillings by my
wonderful secret, painless method: 20 years'
experience; no students: advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
PR. GEORGE W. LEEK, 20 O'Farrell st.
A— NEW unbreakable plate, the Rose Pearl,
warranted for 20 years; crowns, $3 50; fillings,
FOc; plates, $5: full set: all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth.
AT Ideal Dental Co., 6 Eddy st— Work done
on weekly installments; lowest rates.
DR. H. G. TRUMAN, dentist, third floor, Ex-
aminer building; formerly in Murphy bldg.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 233 Kearny, cor. Bush-
Full eet of teeth. $4; crowns, $3; fillings, 23c.
DR R. L.WALSK.Sir.*i Geary.nr.Larkln— Pain-
less extraction 50c: plates $5 up;phonePolkll33.
LOWEST prices in S. F. Painless extraction,
50c. N. Y. Dentists. 969 Mission St.. cor. 6th.
VAN VROOM— "•Painless"; evenings and Sun-
dayi3. 1001 Market St.. corner Sixth.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. G.
YOTTNG. 1341 Polk st. ,
DETECTIVE AGENCIES.
McCABE'S De^ctTvT^gtncT^n^dleT^unegiu
timate detective business; divorce cases posi-
tively refused. Emma Spreckels building,
I ro o ms 323-324. San Francisco; tel. South 381.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School—
Class rates; patterns cut. 1019 Market St.
ACCORDEON pleating; country orders prompt
attention. 121 Post, over O'Connor & Moffatt.
EDUCATIONAL.
AYRES' Leading Bu^Uielirc^ile^eTralSaricet^
JS per month: $30 life scholarship guarantees a
complete business education: shorthand typ-
ing, bookkeeping, cm'l arithmetic, com'l law.
penmanship, etc.; experienced teachers; new
; typewriters: positions secured; catalogue free.
GALLAGHER-MARSH College. Parrott bid?.—
Shorthand, typing and bookkeeping; Robert
- F. Gallagher, expert .court reporter, teacher of
shorthand: reportorial phrasing taught; prac-
tlcal bookkeeping, full course. $50; catalogue.
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical
colleges: references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
ACTING, elocution, specialties; Hallett School,
associated with theatrical agency securing
• positions. Alcazar building. 120 O'Farrell st.
MERRILL-MILLER College— Shorthand] typl
Ing, practical bookkeeping. Rooms 40-45, Par-
rott blcig. ; individual instruction; catalogue.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec. mining, mech.,sur-
vey, assay, cyanide: day, eve. ; est. 1S64. Van
| der Naillen School. 113 r*ulton. nr. City Hall.
A FULL course of Ellis bookkcepinjr fand the
Gregg shorthand costs only $60. San Fran-
cisco Business College, 1238 Market st.
A SPECIALTY— Perfecting beginners; business
college graduates: bookkeeping: figures; short
time. TARR, exp. acct.. 220 Parrott bldg.
High school students— Weekly Geometry Papers
make home study easy: circulars. 3040 16th.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping. Grammar, writing.
etc.; day or eve.; *3 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
MARY P. Westhaus, piano, mandolin, guitar
leFSong, 5Cc; piano for practice. 39 Fifth st.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post st.. S. F. ;
founded 1S63; new SO-page catalogue free.
MEDICAL hypnotism taught to students of
both sexes; chronic functional nervous dis-
eases and habits cured. Suite 6, 141 Powell.
ELECTR.O-THEIIAPEXITIC.
Electric-Chemic medication cures faulty nutri-
tion, nerve, blood &¦ constitutional diseases.
Drs. K. & TC.'b Electric Sanitarium. S Mason.
EMPLOYMENT OFFIClEi.
JAPANESE and Chinese help of alI~kinaV;
cooks, waiters and house servants. GEO.
AOKI & CO., 421 Post St.; tel. Bush 135.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese. Cht-
nese help. 426 Powell.nr.Sutter; tel. Black 5072.
CHINESE and Japanese employment office —
Best help. 41U. O'Farrell st.j tel. East 423.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese employment of-
fice; nil kinds help. 515 Stockton; Main 51S3.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED KE3IALE. I
A FIRST-CLASS seamstress and chambermaid
desires a situation, or would take a place as I
nursery governess; best of. city references.
J. F. CROSETT & CO., 316 Sutter st.
A GERMAN/ woman with a girl of 7 wishes
situation as cook or housework; short dis-
tance in country, in vicinity of a school. Box
3S23, Call office.
STRONG, good, • willing woman; great house-
cleaner; can do most any kind of work; good
references; wagos $1 per day and- car l'are.
S8 Third St., room 10, upstairs. . '
A RESPECTABLE woman wants a position as
cook or housework; fully competent. 817 Mis-
sion st. - - .
A THOROUGH fitter and trimmer on ladles'
tailoring and house suits wishes engage- I
ments: $1 B0 per day. 244 Taylor st. \
YOUNG, lady having -considerable clerical ex-.
perience desires position in office; can assist I
on booka. Box 3978. Call office. j
A YOUNG girl wants a situation to do general j
housework in private family. Call 2231 Pine. I
MIDDLE-AGED woman wants situation In a'
small family to do light housework; is a
Ifood cook; -would take care of an invalid.
2222 Post st. . - - - jr. 1
POSITION wanted by a ycung, -active girl; fit I
for general housework. 'Apply 0S0 Harrison, j
A RELIABLE youns woman from the East '
wishes a position as chambermaid, sowing cr
general housework. Call at 2bS\i Tehama st. ; i
no postal?.. . , ' '
MIDDLE-AGED German woman wishes a po- '
sition to do light housework, plain cooking.
Call after 9 a. m. at 2 Chatham place, off
Bush St., below Stockton. .
NEAT, reliable young woman wishes to do ¦
housework by the day. Appiy at 513 Shotwell.' i
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st.l near Mar- I
ket— 200 rooms; 25c to 51 HO per night; $1 50 to j
J6 week; convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry. • v r. ¦
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions ;
• reoAiv*-! at Call branch offW. 2200 '.Flfiinorp. j
EMPLOYMENT.; \VAKTE_~- MALE.
A— TRUSTWORTHY man (Dane) wants. situa-
tion In city as gardener and-horseman, etc. ;
prood -ftome more an object than.. wages; best,
of references. H.B., box 3921, Call office. ¦
A GARDENER, first-clasp, wishes position on a'
large private place; ctty or country ; com- 1
pf-tent to take full charge: references. r Please
address Gardener, 711 California st.~ city. »_•-
MAN and wife, experienced waiters, desire em-
ployment: country hotel or resort.- Address
bos-JsCS, Call office. ' . , -.. v '
SAX FRANCISCO CALL.
BUErNESS OFFICE of The San Franclso
Call, corner of Market and Third streets: opei
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 527 Montgomery street
corner Clay; open until 9:30 p. m.
SCO Hayes street: open until 9:30 p. m.
CSS McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. m.
£15 Larkin street; open -until 9:C0 p. m.
1S41 Mission street: open until 10 p. m.
1261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; opei
until 8 p. m.
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 p. m.
1096 Valencia street: open until 9 p. m.
Xorthwest corner Twenty-second and Ken
tucky streets; open until 9 p. m.
2200 Flllmore street: open until A p. m.
MEETIXC NOTICES.
MOUNT MORIAH Lodge No. 4«, F. and _»
A M.— Meeting THIS (WEDNESDAY) __*%_
EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. First de- 5K__*
. gree. THEO. FROLICH. Sec. ! f^r y
PACIFIC Lodge No. 136, F. and A. M.. «
121 Hddr street, will meet THIS _*
WEDNESDAY. July 17, at 1:30 p. m.. "JttJ
to attend the funeral of our late A^y > -
brother. ANGUS J. McLEOD of Mount Her-
man Lodge No. 7, . Vancouver Island. Fun-
eral corrir-ittees are invited.
GEORGE PENLINGTON. Secretary.
CROCKETT Lodpe No. 139. F. and A. M. ft
* — Decree three THIS EVENING. July __$\_
17. at 7:20 o'clock. By order of the 5_2t
W. M. H. FORTRIEDE. Secretarj-. / V
EXCELSIOR Lodge No. 166, F. and A, ii~~
ii— Called meeting THIS (WEDNES- _j\_,
PAY) EVENING. July 17. at 7:30
o'clock. Second degree. By order of 'V'
the W. M. H. J. OWEN. Seccretary.
MISSION Lodge No. 169, F. and A. M.— __~~
Called meeting THIS (WEDNESDAY) __!%_,
EVENING at 7:30 o'clock; First de- Ts_Jk
etc*. A full attendance of members is *^r
requested, as an important announcement
will be made. R. E. ALLAN, Secretary.
TEMPLAR Lodge No. 17, I. O. ,v«_-*__v
O. F.. will Install officers THIS < 5g>2£l ; S__
AVEDNESDAY) EVENING.
Visiting brothers are cordially ~.™ V T
Invited to attend.
L. A. O. HOFFMAN. Ilec. See.
ffEE members of the funeral com- -sg_3J__».
rr.ittee of Gerraania Lodge Xo. __?T*I_>"___.
IIS, I. O. O F. sre requested to
meet at O. F. Hall Wednesday. ' : »W^
July 17. at 1:30 p. m., to attend the funeral
of our late brother, E. KRAHNER. By order
of G. LUEDERS. N. G.
C. H. HOLLIXG, Rec. Sec.
MORSE Lcdee Xo. 257. iTo. O. F. .*•*__>.«,
—Initialicn THIS (WEDNESDAY) #_5*_SS£
EVKXIICG. July 17. All mem- = 2§£&^
ber» .are requestf^d to be present- ***//« v>
Visitors cordially invited.
J. H. BRAMSTEDT. N. G.
C. ERIND, Rec. See.
NATIONAL UNION, Cali- »3^
fornia Council, meets
TO-XIGHT at Pioneer
Hall, Fourth street, at
* o'clock fin its new hall). Visiting friends
•crcialiy invited. By order
"W. A. i?. NICHOLSON, President.
C. II. VAN ORDE.V, Secretarj'.
UASTKR 1 '• MARINERS Benevolent ~~
Association— Special meeting will be "JrJ^
held at hail, 32i) Post street, WED- V.^_>,
NEPDAY. July 37, at 2 p. m. All ",
members are requested to be present for the
purpose of attending the funeral of our late
brother. Captain N. J. HANSON. By order
— < the president.
L. TRAUKG, Rec. Sec
REGULAR meeting cf the Austrian f,
Benevolent Society. WEDNESDAY
EVENING. July 17. 1S01, at 8 o'clock fSSSgi,
ehsrp. Appropriations and dona- £*5_f_T
tions*. Our 31st annual picnic will ' *•-*-' .
taka place Sunday, August 4. 1SC1, and the
question of giving a public parade will come
before the society. By order of
M. SCANATICH. President.
DE TVITT W. TOLL. Rec. Sec.
MEMBERS of the- Brotherhood of yST^.
Teamsters are requested to attend C^*f(\
the next regular meeting. THURS- Dvi«SJ
DAY EVENINO. July IS, at Turk- V^wy
etreet Temple, 117 Turk st. Business > >*-A^
of importance. JOHN McLAUGHLIN,
Secretary.
OFFICERS and members of United California
Finn Brotherhood are requested to meet at
Union Square Hall, 421 Post St., July 17, at 1
p. m_ to attend the funeral of our late
Erother ANDREW JOHNSON". YH. By order
of PETKR G. SUNDBERG. President.
FRANK ENBERG, Secretary.
ANNUAL meeting.— Recular annual meeting of
the stockholders of the Spreckels Sugar Co.
will be held at the office of the company, 327
Market st.. f^an Francisco, on MONDAY, the
29th day of July, at the hour of 11 a. m., for
the purpose of ..electing a board of directors
to 6erve for the ensuing year and the trans-
action of such other business as may come
before the meeting. The transfer books will
close on Friday. July 2fi, 1901.. at 3. p. m.
W. H. HAXNAM, Secretary.
AGEXTS WAXTED./
YOU can be suited In any kind of business by
oallinr at office.
G. W. SCHWETNHARD, S17 Market st, near
Fifth. Phone Mint 1911.
ECALP and f£ce message agents. MADAM
RUGG. Ui3 Market St.. between 7th and Sth.
ADOPTION.
__~ V_
INFANTS adojited into good homes. MRS.
DR. FUXKE, 1416 Eighth St.. Alaroeda.
ASPHALTUM UOOFIXG.
J. PELTIER, asphalt roofing, sidewalks re-
patred; postal. 1136 Mission: tPl. Folsom 1607.
ATTOHXBTS AT LAW.
ADVICE free ; divorces private bankruptcy; col-
lections : attachments : mortgages; bills of sale;
partnerships: deeds: wills drawn; fees low; open
e-ve'e. THtTRSTON. lCOS'/i ilkt., r. 4, op. 5th.
ADVICE free; divorce law a hpecialty; private:
uo fee without success: collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty at law. 850 Market, cor. Stockton.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful. W.
W.- DAVIDSON. S27 Market St.. opp. Mason.
L. 6. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg.. 827 Mar-
ket St.: consultation free: no fees in advance.
BOAR.DIXC FOR CHILDREN.
2 OR 3 children to board, week cr month; best
care;sunny yard:nr.school:reasonable.l£07 Cal.
UOOICS MJW A.\S OLD.
BOOKS of every kind bought. Tel. Red 2358.
HOLMES BOOK CO.. 704-7C6-70S Mission st.
BUSINESS CMAXCES.
A— 1600; 6 A LOON, est. many years In choicest
business part of this city; low rent; Investi-
gate at once and you will find a first-class
paying business. Call R. G. WILKE. 26*_
Kearny et.
A— $1000; GENERAL merchandise 6tore. with
coal and hay yard, across the bay; estab.
many years and doing- a splendid business.
Call R. G. WILKE, 2CV4 Kearny st.
A — JSOO: EALOON, with 4 furnished rooms, -4th
and Market sts.; net rent f22; rare chance;
bargain. Call R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny st,
A— ?700: COFFEE saloon and restaurant, near
Call building, clearing JliO per month; rare
chance. R. G. WILKE. 26',4 Kearny st,
A— $2800; STATIONERY, dry goods and Yankee
notions with laundry route and route of all
S. F. dailies, across the bay. or will sell pa- ¦
per and laundry routes for $1300. Particulars
R. G. WILKE. 26',. Kearny st, :
A-$1500; HALF-INTEREST, saloon on Kearny '
et.. clearing 1300 per month: lease; rare :
chance. Call R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny el
A — $1500: COFFEE saloon and restaurant; one ''
block south of Market St.; daily receipts from '
J90 up; clearing about J400 per month; a rare '
chance. Call R. G. WILKE. 2C% Kearny st,
A— $SSO; SALOON with 36 furnished rooms: 1350 '<
cash, balance on time; rent $60; located
Fourth ct. Call R. G. WILKE. 26*? Kearny. 1
DRUG store, downtown; fine location; big'
money-maker; legitimate reason for selling
WALTER HAYES & CO.. SJS Market st. ]
100 CIGAR etands. 200 candy stores. 300 gro- !
cerie# and bars, 400 saloons. £00 bakeries, 600
stores of all kinds; hundreds of -businesses to
choose from : call in and see what we can*
oner. WALTER HAYES & CO.. S2S Market.
C2S — BRANCH bakery anfl variety store; fam-
ily rooms. McLAUGKLIN & CO.. 777% Mar-
ket St.; established 25 years.
?3G0— CORNER saloon; bargain this day. In-
quire Mclaughlin & co.. 777% Market tt,
$!2S--FRt;iT store; banrain this day. Me- ,
I.At:GHLIN & CO.. IT!'-* Market st. : !
IV you want to buy or sell your business call i
al tbe Bortca B-sinees Agency; we have first- !
< !a« lodging-houses, groceries, stores, etc.. at
Rreal thancee. 1016 Market, opp. Fifth. Mc-
REIDE & CO. _ •¦ ... - j
•A— GROCERY and bar; no better money-mak-
iv.g place in city: fine cash trade; trial given
Itefore buying: owner v.-ants to retire after
**vera! years. In business; gilt-edge chance; a
snfe inx-ertment, 326 Pine Et.. ground floor. • '
JW»— OLD-ESTABLISHED stationery bazaar. I
echool supplies and -candies; sunny living!
rooms; r.crth of Market; near schools; cost
flEOO; owner leaving city; no agent. Box i
GL-J5. Call office. ' - .
DELICACY store; must be sold or given away; j
C05 Valencia st. Proprietor. 36 Geary St., room
S, bet. 9 a. m. and lp.m.
J750— RESTAURANT In factory district; bar- i
pain on account of departure. Box 4<53 Call.
FOK pale— Small oyster stand; a bargain. Call
S a. m. to 4 p. m., 41S'_ Larkin £tTUESDAY. July 16—4 p. m.
BId.Ask. I Bld-Ask.
Alpha — 03|Justlce 01 C2
Alta 04 C6iKentuck — 03
Andes .......... 03 OllLady Waah .... «1 —
Belcher 07 OJiMexican 18 17
Best A Belcher 19 1J , Occidental ..... 03 04
Bullion Ot 03 Ophlr «7 63
Caledonia ...... 35 28 Overman 14 15
Challenge Con. 20 22Potosl M CS
Chollar C7 BSiSavage 06 «S
Confidence 82 — ; Scorpion — 04
Con Cal & Va..l 95 2 0O Se«f Belcher — «
Con Imperial .. — 02 Sierra Nevada. 17 13
Con New York. 01 C2 Silver Hill ZS 2>
Crown Point... 08 tt,St Louis : 06 —
Eureka. Can ... 08 —Standard 3 63 —
Exchequer... . — 02 Fyndicate 05 07
Gould & Curry 13 II Union Con ..:.. 15 17
Hale & Nore... 20 21 Utah 01 03
Julia ...;.. - 02 Yellow Jacket.. 06 67
A Georgia paper has an account of "A
hot literary dinner, after which there was
a wrestling match to decide who was
the best literary man in town. Mart
Tompklns throwed Luke Landers five
times, and was afterward declared bead
writer and literary president."
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
SOO Con Cal & Va..2 Cfl 3C0 Savage 07
100 Con Cal & V.2 02Vj 5C0 Union Con 15
300 Gould & Curry 13 10OO Utah 02
500 Hale & Norc... 2ul •»
The following "were the sales In the Pacific
Stock Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
SCO Best ft Belcher 13 4CO Ophlr 63
700 Best & Belcher 20 200 Ophlr 84
200 Caledonia 35 300 Ophlr 66
600 Con Cal & Va..l 83 250 Ophir «i
230 Con Cal A. V.I 82Vj 200 Ophlr 7«>
430 Con Cal & Va..l 90 300 Ophlr «3
300 Con Cal & Va..l 95 300 Savage (>«
1C0 Con Cal & Va..2 00 500 Union Con ..... 16
fiOO Gould & Curry 13 12C0Utah\ 03
SOO Mexican ........ 14 j SOO Yellow Jacket.. 07
300 Mexican I7i
Afternoon Session.
2C0 Best & Belcher 13 , UOO Mexican W
500 Caledonia 33 12C0 Ophir 63
- The following were the sales, in the Saa
Francisco Stock and Exchange Board yester
day:
Morning Session.
<M Challenge 20 300 Gould & Curry 13
100 Chollar ..:. 07 100 Mexican 14
400 Con Cal & Va..l 83 1000 Ophlr «3
650 Con Cal & Va..l SO ICO Savage 06
100 Confidence 84 200 Sierra Nevada. 18
200 Crown Point... 07 100 Yellow Jacket.. C6
Afternoon Session. •
SOO Best. & Belcher 20,1000 Mexican 17
3P0 Chollar 07;300Ophir «9
500 Chollar 03 ( 700 Ophlr ./TO
tOO Con Cal & Va..2 00 500 Savage 97
600 Con Cal & Va..2 05, 500 Sierra Nevada. 13
200 Crown Point... 09 f 160 Silver Hill 29
1000 Gould & Curry 13 500 Union Con IS
£00 Hale & Xorc... 21 1
MINING STOCKS,
Mornlnr Session.
Board— ¦*•
150 Kern • » 23
SO Sterling 125
50 Sterling 1 27H
Afternoon Session.
Board—
400 Independence 13
100 Independence 12
SO Junction 11
1000 Lion W
10 Peerless 4 90
5000 Petroleum Center M
SAN FRANCISCO OIL EXCHANGE.
Mornins Session.
Board—
1C00 California-Standard M
500 Lion 10
1500 Monarch of Arizona tS
500 Petroleum Center 04
Afternoon Session— No sales.
Board— _„ „
10 Alaska Packers' Association 131 oh
15 Contra Costa Water 79 50
23 Giant Powder Con 75 00
170 Honokaa Company -"- — •- 18 00
140 Hutchlnson Sugar Plantation Co 17 62'4
5 Kllauea Sugar Plantation Co 17 00
S Makawell 34 50
50 Pacific Gas Improvement (b u) 45 00
50 Pacific Gas Improvement 43 00
5 S F Gas and Electric Co 48 00
5 S F Gas and Electric Co...- 43 73
13 S F Gas and Electric Co 46 25
$4000 Spring Valley 4s <2d mtgt) 103 23
Street—
$6000 North Pacific Coast R R 5s 108 00
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
POWDER.
Giant "3 77 jVlsorit » 3%
SUGAR.
Hana 6 7 Kllauea 17 17',4
Hawaiian 50 - Makawell 3«i 35
Honokaa 13% 1954 Onomea 21% 2J
Hutchlnson ... I'M IS Paauhau 22* 4 —
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska Fack..l31%131'.i; Oceanic S Co.. — 8S
Cal Fruit Can. 96 — Pac Aux F A. 2 —
Cal Wine Asn. 99^101 Pac C Borax..l65 -
Merchnts' EX..110 - Par Paint .... 13 —
Mornins Session.
Board —
10 Contra Costa Water 79 75
50 Honokaa (cash) « j>o
10 Honokaa Jf J£
100 Honokaa (s 90) JS »
33 Honokaa (s 90) IS 00
5 Hutchinson Sugar Plantation Co 17 «.'-4
10 Kilauea Sugar Plantation Co 17 00
180 Paauhau Sugar Plantation Co 23 00
23 Pacific Ga» Improvement 44 00
25 S F Gas and Electric Co 44 K\»
35 S F Gas and Electric Co 44 75
45 S F Gas and Electric Co 44 87!i
S50 S F Gas and Electric Co 4o CO
" 1 S F Gas and Electric Co 4o *J
Street— • „ „.
45 Market-street Railway 73 00
California 130 134 O S L & H.... 40 —
Geary — 40 Presidio S3 —
Market <3 -
UNITED STATES BONDS.
, Bid. Ask. I BMAsk.
4s quar conp..ll*iill3y2!4s qr c (new). 13* 139
4s quar reg....U2?ill5^ 3s quar coup. .103 1C9V
MISCELLANEOUS BONUS.
Bay Co P C 5S.105V4106 Oceanic SS Ss.lOlUl"!
Cal-st 5s 116^i — Omnibus S. 6s. 127 —
C C Water 5s.l07'/i — Pac G Imp 4s. — 100
Ed L & P 6S.12S^133M: Pk & C H 6s. .106 —
Fer & C R 6S.1I7& — Pk & O R 6s.H7 —
Geary-st 6s.... — — Powll-st R 6s.l20 —
H C & S 5'>is.lO6U — Sac E G R 5s. — —
Do 5s — 102% S F & SJV Sa.120 —
Los Ans R Ss.Hi — Sierra Cal 6s.. — 110
L. A Light 6s. — 102 3 P of A 6s
Do gntd 6s.lOO — (19C9) 111-74 —
Do gntd Ss.lCS — (1310) 112 —
L A & Pac :s.lOOH102?i S P of C 6s
Do 1 c m 5s. 102% — (1903). Ser A. 109*4 —
Markt-st C 9s.l25^ — (1S05). Ser B.IWi —
Do 1 c m Es.l23U — (IMS) 112^114
Nev C N G 73.103 114 (1912) 120ft —
Nor R Cal 6s.ll2 — S P Of Cal Ut
Do 53 119 — cp gntd as... 107 —
Nor Pac C Ss.lOOVi — SPBr Cal 6s.l3S —
Do 53 ...;.... 105*4 — 3 V Water 6s.U3H —
Nor R Cal 5s.ll0 113 Do 4s 103 —
Oak Gas 5a. ..112V. — Do 4s 3d m..l01 102
Do Trans 6s. 116% — Stktn Gas 6s.. — —
Do Water 5s. 102 103
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa.. 79V4 80 j Spring Valley. 83 84
Marin County. SO — I
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L ft P... 3U— Pacific Light.. — 4S
Equitable 4U 5 Sacramento ... — —
Mutual *M — S F G & E.... 43;j 46<<
Oakland 50H 51 San Francisco. V.i 4V
Pac Gas Imp. 44% 45>i Stktn G & E.. S —
INSURANCE.
Firem's Fund. — 230 !
BANKS.
Acglo-Cal 77%— ] L & P A 130 l«0
California - 406 Mer Ex (llq)..-16 —
Cal Safe Dep..l0»% — S F National. 127ft —
First N'atlonl..S05 — I
SAVINGS BANKS.
German —1925 Sav & Loan... — —
Humboldt — — Security .27o —
Mutual 50 — Union Trust. .1600 —
San Franclsco.513 —
STREET RAILROADS.
TUESDAY, July 1S-J p. m.
STOCK AKT> BOND EXCHANGE.
W. Hopkins. R. D. Fry. H. H. Taylor and F.
W. Bradley. Mr. Alvord was re-elected presi
dent and A. T. Corbus secretary. The directors
declared the usual quarterly dividend of 37'jc
per share, amounting to J75.C00. payable on th«
23th.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
Continued From Page Ten.
- THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY; JULY 17, 1901.
13
REAL ESTATB TO EXCHANGE. H
A FINE residence in San Jose to exchange for
city property. Call on C. C. SMITH, 630 Mar-
ket. Ban . Francisco. > - ¦ . .
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
$S00 — LOT 45x150; 6-room house; one block
frum Park street; easy terms.
$1500— Lot 33:4x125; house of 5 rooms and
bath; on Central ave.; will sell on monthly
installment. • •
, . $1900 — Lot 30x150; nearly new modern "cot-
tage of 5 rooms and bath; $250 cash and $30
per month.
$2100— Lot 50x140; with 2-story house of I
rooms and bath; $500 down and balance to
suit: 2 blocks from Park-street station.
$2500— Lot 33:4x150, with a flne, well-built
modern cottage of 5 rooms and bath; 1 block
from school and station; will sell on easy
monthly Installments.
$3000 — Lot 40x150; elegant new modern cot-
tage of 6 rooms and bath; elegant front and
rear porch; $500 down and $25 per month;
great bargain; near Morton-street station.
$3500 — Lot 40x150; new modern story and
half cottage of 8 rooms and bath, with fine
finished basement; $500 down and $27 aO per
month Installment; 2 blocks from station and
school.
$6000— Lot 50x20714: on Main avenue, near
school and station, with elegant 10-room resi-
dence, stable and carriage house; cost $11,000;
a great snap.
Houses to let in all parts of Alameda.
H. P. MOREAL & CO..
1422 Park street, Alameda,
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
H^51Si~IN~BERKELKY! -~-~—
$850 — 1 room cottage; fruit trees, flowers.
jinoo— 4-room cottage; $300 down.
$1200 — 4-room cottage; easy terms.
$1400— 5-room cottage; fruit trees, flowers; $500
down.
' $1650 — 6-room house; a flne bargain.
Several houses for sale In different parts ot
Berkeley at prices ranging from $1500 to $3000.
Fine bulldlncr lots from $230 upward; .terms
easy.
Fire and life Insurance in companies of the
hlshest class.
Renting, collecting, loans negotiated.
SATOFF & WILKINS, "
2121 Center st.,
Berkeley, Cal.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
$24*;)— ORIGINAL cost $3400. ~^~ ™~
7 rooms and bath, flne basement; corner lot,
33x120; street work complete; best neighbor-
hood in Oakland; owners are non-residents;
hence the great reduction in price; must be
seen to be appreciated.
J. S. MYERS & CO.,
l(iO2 Broadway, Oakland.
$2700— A COZY cottage home.
Fine neighborhood, convenient to every-
thing; main street; lot 6Oxll5;~small stable;
, an ideal spot, but must be sold; seeing is be-
lieving; don't miss this.
J. S. MYERS & CO..
1002 Broadway, Oakland.
$3250— THE finest, both in finish and architec-
tural arrangements in Oakland; the choicest
neighborhood; large lot, near business centers
and schools, etc.; terms, $400 cash.
J. S. MYERS & CO.,
¦ 1002 Broadway, Oakland.
$2200— A NEW bungalow cottage, up-to-date,
five rooms and bath; an ideal home; large
let; near local station and business centers;
. cheap for $3000; owner must sell; wants an
offer; mortgage $1800, balance cash. - . -.
J. S. MYERS & CO.,
•^ 1C02 Broadway, Oakland.
$1600— COZY modern Eastlake cottage of 5
rooms.' bath, hall, high basement, laundry,
brick foundation, double Darlors, etc. (all in
good condition); street work all done; stone
walks laid; one block off San Pablo ave.;
handy to narrow-guage station; sunny front-
age; now well rented: barcaln for a quick
cash sale, but terms can be arranged.
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO.,
100S Broadway, Oakland.
$2800— AN elegant 'modern Eastlake cottage con-
taining 6 large rooms, porcelain bath,, open
plumbing, high basement, cement laundry
tubs, brick foundation, etc. ; lot 40x125 feet,
with nice open lawn; fruit trees and stone
walks In front and around the house; street
work complete; nice, central location; near
cars and train; house alone cost $2400 to build;
insured for $1500: title perfect: no mortgage.
-• i.; GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO., h*
1008 Broadway, Oakland.
NEW HOMES
On Telegraph avenue.
Just Completed.
Entirely Modern.
8 rooms, bath and laundry ; front and back
stairs; nickel-plated plumbing; mantels, gas
fixtures, lawn, cement walks, ehv. lot 31x100;
all four of a different architecture.
A. J. SNYDER,
Real Estate,
467 Ninth St.. Oakland.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any 'address in the
United states or Canada one year for $1.
OAKLAND ROOMS AND BOARD.
WANTED — In Oakland, good home for girl 10
years old; references. Box 2273,. Call office,
Oakland.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
AN Introduction to you from H. Schellhaas, the
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
ROO31S FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
FIFTH, . 353— Furnished housekeeping, 3 for $14;
also single, $5 up per month.
FOLSOM, 776V4— 2 neatly furnished connecting
rooms for housekeeping; reasonable.
FOURTH— 225— Nice housekeeping rooms; also
single.
$16; ALCOVE room and adjoining: room; gas
6tove; sink; bath; tel. 1911 Geary, opp. park.
670 HARRISON st. (Rlncon Hill), ?3 50 week to
right parties; Americair'family.
HOWARD. 1324—2 furnished sunny rooms Tor
housekeeping.
HYDE, 412— Sunny parlors & alcove suite, un-
furn. ; basement floor suitable for boarders.
LILY ave.. 108 — 1 or 2 furnished or unfurnished '
rooms for housekeeping; cheap.
MCALLISTER, 638—2 or 3 nicely furnished sun-
ny front rooms; sink; range; bath; laundry.
NEW modern apartment house; suites 2 3
and 5 rooms- for housekeeping; electric lights;
gas ranges; baths. The Malar Flats, 531 Turk.
OCTAVIA, 1403, corner Geary— Bay-window
room and kitchen; other sunny rooms; day,
week or month.
POLK. 1002 — 3 and 5 room suites, completely
furnished for housekeeping, $15 up; reference.
POWELL, S11V4— Unfurnished or partly; 1 to 4
rooms: also kitchen; range; modern improve-
ments: $5 to $12. .
THE BELL, 1773 Market— Sunny suites for
housekeeping, $10 up; singles, $6 up. .
TWELFTH, 120—2 nicely furnished sunny
housekeeping rooms; select .locality; - private
family. _^ . . "
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore st.
A' BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st. ¦
KOOMS TO LET — Fnrn. and Unfarn.
AHLBORN HOTEL, 321 Grant ave.— Best $1 a
day family hotel in city; polite attendance;
large rooms, 60c up; meals, 25c; free coach.
.A-BRUNSWICK HOUSE, MS Sixth-Rooms.
25c to $1 per night; $125 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
ARLINGTON House, 112 Kearny St.— Pleasant,
sunny rooms.
AT Shasta House, 246 Third— 200 rooms, newly
renovated; 25c to $1 night; phone Black 4915.
BURNETT. 1426 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nished rms., suites, single; also unfurnished.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, cor. Ma»-on— Elegantly
furnished eunny rooms:, prices reasonable.
EDDY, 210— Changed hands; newly furnished
. and renovated; elegant suite, suitable for
doctor or professional man; also single and
double rooms; running water; rent moderate.
FIFTH, 107— Pleasant sunny unfurnished rooms
to. let. - •
FOLSOM, 820, near Fourth— Furnished rooms;
$1 week and up. . • .
FRANCISCO— Elegant suites; single with baths;
transient. MR6. KING, Turk and Taylor.
HAWTHORNE, 172, near Harrison-Pleasant
medium sized room for gent; reasonable; ref.
HOTEL ST. DENIS (European plan), 24 Turk
st., near Market— Central location; new build-
ing; elegantly furnished; strictly first-class;
ECc per day and upward; special rates by the
w week or month; best in the city; references;
take Market-st. cable cars to Turk St.
HOTEL Graystone, 66 Geary st.— New. 6-story
fireproof hotel; electric light and elevator; un-
questionably the most luxuriously furnished
in the city;. steam heat; private baths; 'one
blcck from Palace Hotel, phone John 3331.: .
HOWARD, 1609—3 sunny rooms; back and front
parlors; use of kitchen; private family. |
real estate — city— for salb.
baldwSTThoweLK " — —
10 Montgomery Street.
PARK LODGE CORNER.
PARIl -^ | PARK.
STANYAN STREET.
I iw '
!
if/:
B ' ' '
H
PRICE ONLY $15,000.
Sire 100x100 feet.
$6300- RENTS $56.
Vicinity of Filbert and Mason sts.: lot 23x120
to Valparaiso st.; 3 separate flats and house of
6 roon-B and bath.
GROVE-STREET INVESTMENT.
$7750— Rents. $S0 per month; Grove St., near
New City Hall; lot 25x120 to rear street; front
and rear flats.
LARKIN-STREET FLATS.
$6150— Rents $62 60 per month; 3 separate flats
of • and 6 rooms and bath each; always rented;
well located; must be sold.
ELLIS-STREET RESIDENCE.
SS500— Ellis St. near Pierce; house of 10 rooms
and bath: lot 27:6x137:6. -
BAKER-STREET CHEAP FLATS.
$i000— Two flats of 5 and 6 rooms and bath
each; lot 25xS2:6; rents $41 50; near California.
1 ONLY $1CO CASH— BALANCE MONTHLY.
! New modern cottage of 5 rooms and bath:
high basement: porcelain bath and sink; ce-
ment trays; large lot; double frontage,- size 25x
133; Silver ave.; 1 block from Mission-st. elec-
tric cars: price only $1500.
HAYES-STREET BUSINESS PROPERTY.
$21,500— Not far from Market St.; large lot to
rear Etreet; 37x120; stores and flats; rents well.
NINTH-STREET BUSINESS PROPERTY.
$6000— Only $2000 cash; lot 25x100; house Of 9
rooms and bath; near Folsom st.
SACRIFICE— OAK-STREET FLATS.
$5200— Owner anxious to sell; 2 modern flats
of 6 rooms and bath each; high basement; Oak
Et., near Buchanan; can be had at a bargain.
ONLY $1S5O— COTTAGE.
J1S50 — Turk-st. cottage of 4 rooms and base-
ment; rents $11 per month; lot 24x137:6.
CORNER STORE AND FLAT.
$7500— Corner McAllister and Stanyan sts.:
store and 5 rooms and bath below; upper flat of
8 rooms and bath; old established grocery and
bar.
$12,000— RENTS $110 PER MONTH.
$12,000— Shrader St., near Haight; 4 separate
flats; rents $110 per month; large lot 40x106:3.
MISSION COTTAGE— $1200.
$1200— 4-room cottage on Diamond St., near
Twentieth; lot 27:6x100.
DOWN-TOWN MODERN FLATS.
$21,000— Rents $2160 per year; lot 27:6x120 to
rear street: modern building of 3 flats; near
O'Farrell and Larkin sts. "
See this to-day; elegant corner flats at a
sacrifice ; only $1600 cash needed; this Is the
cheapest property offered in the city to-day; 3
large elegant corner flats. 28 feet frontage: sun
In every room; Interior finished without regard
to cost; large plate-glass doora. porcelain tubs,
nickel-plated plumbing, natural wood mantels,
Ingrain paper and llncrusta work throughout;
rents $70; price $6000. *
LOCATION
Southeast corner Sanchex and Clipper sts. ;
Mission and Twenty-second and Castro st. cars;
owner on premises to-day.
BALDWIN & HOWELL,,
10 Montgomery st.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO..
638 MARKET STREET.
MUST BE SOLD.
$4,500— Make offer; fine home of 7 rooms and
bath in the best portion of Pacific
Heights; fine marine view; owner going
North, wishes a quick sale; $3000 can
remain on mortgage flat loan.
FURNISHED WESTERN ADDITION RESI-
DENCE.
$16,000— Fine large modern residence; up to date
In every respect; elegantly furnished;
10 rooms and bath: north side of street:
key lot; plenty of light and sun; Wash-
ington St.. near Fillmore; 27x127:8% feet.
«
DOWN TOWN MODERN FLATS.
$21,500 — Three handsome new up to date flats
of 9 rooms and bath each; north side of
street; present rental $19S0 per annum;
O'Farrell St., near Jones; will consider
part trade in Park Panhandle lots; 26x
137:6 feet.
PARK PANHANDLE FLATS.
$10,000— Three new modern flats on north side
of street; on Fell St.; 6-5-8 rooms and
bath; pays $960 per annum; gilt edge
property; always rented; 25x137:6.
MISSION INVESTMENT. "
$6,500— Three-story house of 18 rooms and bath
and two modern flats 5-4 rooms and
bath; north side of Nineteenth St., near
Valencia; rents $660 per annum; in good
condition and always rented.
WESTERN ADDITION HOME.
$5,000 — Modern house of 8 rooms and bath on
north side of California St.. near Devisa-
dero; lot 25x92 :2Vs feet; recently reduced
from $5500.
BEATJTIFUX. SITES FOR FLATS.
$5,600 — 58 feet In the famous Mission warm
belt: north side of street; two car lines
half block; on Twenty-third st., near
Guerrero.
REDUCED TO FORCE SALE.
$5,000— Two swell flats of 5-6 rooms near Sev-
enth and Folsom sts.; pays $510 per an-
num; built one year; cost $6250.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.,
638 Market st.
ALL Genuine Bargains In This List
Apply A. M. SPECK & CO.. 667 Market et.
¦ $1300 — Eight-room house on Union St.
$1500 — Five-room cottage near Buchanan st.
$1600— 7-room house on Broadway; a snap.
$2200— Three flats near Mason and Sutter
sts.; rents $21.
$2500— Store and four rear living-rooms on
Mission st.
$2400 — Five-room cottage, half a block from
Ninth and Market st».
$3500— Store, flat and house; rents $36; near
Fourth and Mission sts.
$3750— Two nice flats near Hyde and Califor-
nia sts.; rents $37. .
$S5O0 — Ashbury-st. residence of 10 rooms,
strictly modern: magnificent view.
$11,000— Choice flats near Golden Gate Park;
rents $140: lot 60- foot front; third cash.
$15.000— Eight modern flats on corner near
Larkin St.: all rented for $145.
$18,500— Grand investment: modern improve-
ments; lot 70-foot front; near Jones st.; rents
J170; all rented.
f 15, BOO— Near Stockton et.; one tenant; rent
$120; lot 35-foot front. .
$18,000 — Howard st., near Fourth; modern
four-story building; safe business investment.
Apply A. M. SPECK.& CO.. 667 Market st.
RARE DOWNTOWN CORNER INVEST-
MENT.
1 Block From Baldwin Hotel Site and Tlvoll
Theater.
$72,000 refused 2 yean ago for this property;
2 stores and 2 lodging-bouses: 60 feet front-
age; will pay 6 per cent net on $75,000.
For further particulars apply to
A. M. SPECK,
667 Market St.
A.E. BUCKINGHAM Real Estate
26 Montgomery st Room 11.
$16,600—75 ft. on Mission st. and lmpta. for
factory; rents $112; bargain.
$4850 — Stylish new flats, 4 and 6 rooms; very
. sunny: rents $40; Twenty-third st.
$12,000— Stylish new flats; Hayes st.; fine lo-
cation; rents $115.
$3750—2 flats, 4 and S rooms; Baker st.;
rents $41.
$3000— Modern 4 and 5 robm flats; California
st. and Eighth ave.; rents $30.
$2150— Snap; Clay-st. lot, 25x100; north side;
fine residence location.
$C00O— Bargain ; Howard, nr. 8th; bus. prop.
PARK LOTS— $500— SUNSET HEIGHTS.
$825— LOTS ON EASY TERMS— SUNSET
HEIGHTS.
Eleventh ave., between H and I sts., near
entrance Park music stand ; j cars pass prop-
erty.
$3000 Houses— easy terms— $3250; above block,
6 and 7 rooms, bath, etc.; plans at office.
A. E. BUCKINGHAM, 26 Montgomery st.,
room 11; branch office. Sunset. 1215 Ninth ave.
WANTED— Old buildings to be removed, build-
ing material any description. Dolan Building
Supply Co.. 1611 Market; tel. Howard 2436.
FOR sale — 2-story house, to be removed. 508
McAllister st. . . . . ¦ . ¦.-¦'¦ *u ¦''¦'
ELEGANT flats California st. for sale; or ex-
change for Oakland property. Box 3997. Call.
REAL ESTATE— COUNTRY— For Sale
$5000— 26 "ACRES; flne paying home in Callstoga;
9 acres In fruit; 40 tons prunes raised last
year; soil black loam; abundance of good
water: (rood house, S rooms and bath; wind-
mill r.nd tank; barn full of hay; trui*-. house,
shop, etc.; fruit trays, grader,' etc; two
horses; Jersey cow; chickens, etc. For further
particulars address box 96, Callstoga, Cal.
FOR SALE NEAR SAN FRANCISCO
Small tracts. $60 to $90 per acre,' on Ranch o
Cotati. Sonoma Co.; future value assured, as
San Francisco is growing rapidly; location
bent fcr poultry and general farming. Apply
to The Cotati Co., 302 California St., for pam-
phlets or information. . . » .
POULTRY and dairy ranches for sale; write for
free list C, R. WINFIKLD, Petaluma, Cal.
MOXCV TO LOAy^^onttnnofl.
CA.BH loaned to salaried people on note without
MORRELL, «09 Examiner building.
MOXE Y WANTED.
WANTED— Loan of J40.eO0; secured by real
estate; money required to Improve property.
Aadreca box 3S32. Call office. .
MUSICAL IXSTIIUMESTS.
THE WILEY B. ALLEN CO.. 933 Market, S. F.
(.Eranch S5I Broadway. Oakland.)
We sell the popular pianos of the day— Steck. |
Everett. Packard, Conover, Hardman. Ludwig,
Baldwin, Valley Gem. Smith & Barnes. Har-
rington. Kingsbury, Jewett and Etraube.
You cannot afford to buy a piano until you
>ee THE WILEY B. ALLEN CO.
ALL pianos purchased of SHERMAN. CLAY
& CO. may be exchanged for a new Stelnway
upright or baby grand piano any time within
S years from date of purchase, and have full
price allowed. New upright pianos. $6 per
month; some good pianos sold for $3, $4 anil
So per month. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO..
Steinway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
Fts.. Ran Francisco; corner Broadway and
Thirteenth st.. Oakland.
A SURE indication that the public Is appre-
datlve is the fact that our 20 and 30 per cent
reduction eale of pianos for July is such a
success.
Think of a $500 piano for $350. Such prices
were never ottered before. We sell for cash
or payments. THE ZENO MAUVAIS • CO..
763 Market et.
THE EPWORTH LEAGUE.
Ladies and gentlement. you are Invited to
the parlors of the Bohemian Dermatology.
131 Post, R. 3, for your shampoo: gray hair
restored, hair grown on bald heads, pimples,
freckles, blemishes of face removed; figures
trained; imp. French prep, used exclusively.
ANY piano cold by us taken back any time
•within 3 years and full purchase price al-
lowed on a new peerless Knabe at regular ;
price; costs you oniy 20c a day to buy a
piano from us. KOHLER & CHASE. 30
O'Farrell Et.: established 1850. •
Jl LIST of fine second-hand bargains— 1 Emer-
eon, 1 Hallet & Davis. 1 Conover. 1 Curtaz. 1
Sterling. $75. fl25. $145. etc.; easy payments.
BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. 1« O'Farrell St..
Checkering, Vose, Sterling Agency; also
Apollo, king of self-players.
A— IF your hair Is falling or you are bald, call
on DR. G. S. MOORE, 4S8 Geary St.. and you
will not be disappointed; this remedy is posi-
tively puaranteed; prep.\ra.tion sent to all
parts of the world; call or send for circular.
THOSE f.ne -large, soft fluffy comforts have ar-
rived from the East at the cut-price 75 cents
to $2 25 cheaper than we ever had them:
Cal. wool blankets all kinds and colors. $3
to $12 pair. SMITH'S. 27 Market St.. 3rd floor.
ALL mckes; great bargain; $50 up; rents $2
up allowed; we want agents; pianos furnished
free; you get first money when you eelL
HEINE PIANO CO.. 217 Geary st.
GOLD medal cots lead all other* In durability,
comfort, appearance; we have all kinds from
a dollar or so to $3. At SMITH'S. 27 Market.
HUGS end art squares; you save money on
these every time if you are a cash buyer. At ,
SMITH'S. 27 Market st. '
JAS. KEEFFE'S piano wareroomB now per-
manently located at 22 Turk et.. near Junc-
tion Mason. Market & Turk: largest In city.
ANOTHER cleaulng-out sale of storage pianos
at your own price; M Installments; no re-
eerve. WILSON'S STORAGE. 1706 Market st.
PIANOS $75 up; Hartman. $100; Chlckerlng.
J150; Nleuman. $150. W. C. HAMILTON. «i
Flood building.
t2 50 RENTS & fine upright piano; a few left.
SCOTT-CURTAZ PIANO CO.. 560 Hayes et.
6OHMER, Byron Mauzy. Lester. Hamilton
and Speilmann pianos. 808 Post st.
PARTY going to Chicago must sacrifice hand-
come.S-pedal upright piano. 7S2 Ellis et.
TWO upright pianos left on sale; Fisher. $9i;
Chlckerlng. $1S5. Room 38. 217 Geary st.
i GOOD second-hand upright for " eale cheap.
» PCHMITZ, 16 McAllister St.
A SPLENDID Stelnway: uprights. $100: pianos
rented $2 upward. BRUENN, 208 Post St.
J?0— FINE upright; baby grand Stelnway: other
makes. FAY'S Piano Factory, 1729. Mission.
A LARGE lot of second-hand upright pianos
(or sale cheap. HORNUNG'S, 216 McAllister.
A FINE upright piano for eale cheap. 837 Mc-
AlUster Et.-
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MTTLLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
OFFICES AXD STORES TO LET.
FOR the choicest double store in city for re-
tail trade address Owner, box 4434. CalL
LIGHT, cheerful offices: $15 and $20. Emma
Epreckels building, 827 Market st.
' . ¦ OIL.
CO6TA RICA PETROLEUM & COAL CO.
We nave Just received advices of the grant-
lea; of the concession to us by the Costa Rican
Government. We now own over 60,000 acres.
of the finest oil and coal lands in the world;
same Is also best tropical agricultural land;
the stock Is as yet 10 cents per share, but upon
receipt of the Government documents will im-
mediately be advanced to 25 cents. The stock
cannot fall to go to several dollars per share.
Call or 6en4 for prospectus to PACIFIC
STATES MINING & INVESTMENT CO.. 326
Pott St.. San Francisco. Cal. Reference, the
Consulate of Costa Rica In .San Francisco.
FOR eale— A lease on proven territory adjoin-
ing the San Joaquin Co. Apply 474 Par-
rott. bigg. '
CALIETOGA Oil and Development Company,
operating on 2120 acres of oil land in nine
districts. Office. 23 and 21 Merchants' Ex.
»0 ACRES. Just north cf Bakersfleld. $50. con-
dltlonally. HAMILTON & CO.. 8 Flood bldg.
OIL tanks, second hand. In good order; all!
sizes: cheap. H. S. WHITE. 61S Mission st
PAI.VTERS AAD DECORATORS.
PAPER-HANGING, house painting; good, rell-
? able work. Clark's, SOS Larkin; tel. Larkin 106a
KOOMS papered from S3 50 up; tinting done.
Hartmann Paint Co.. 319 3d st.: tel. Red 352L
PALMISTRY.
MRS. LAMB, scientific palmist; bead and faca
reading; lessons given. 617 Jones st.
JIME. GERMAIXE. the business palmist of
the Pacific Co&st; 1 to 5. 906 Market st.
H. JEROME FOSELLI, scientific palmist. 515
Taylor tt.. bet. Geary and Post; tel. Black S6L
PARTXEUS WMTED.
¦WANTED— A partner with means to help push
a medicine; Indorsed by the American Jour-
nal of Health for cataTrh, bronchitis and
ail lung trouble: O K opportunity: send for
descriptive circular. Herbena Medicine Co.,
San Jose. Cal.
PERSOXALS.
A — EPWORTH Leaguers' downtown meeting
place at the Bon-Ton at S24 Post St., near
Powell. Luxurious reading-room; writing
facilities. Dainty tea served every afternoon.
Everything free. Manicuring, halrdressing or
baths, 2Se. • All visitors welcome.
ELECTRIC light In every room — Winchester
Hotel, 44 Third 6t., near Market; 700 rooms;
25c to S150 per night; fl 50 to J8 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
(1 WEEKLY — Suits to order from genuine
Scotch. $15 up: fine dress suits. $20 up; ele-
gant overcoats, $15 up. LEON LEMOS, 1117
Market et., between Seventh and Eighth.
WlLLin MOORE, sick at the house. 1200
FrankMn rt. If . father or mother see this
• ' call at onoe. ¦
WHITE enamel iron beds, single, thre«-quarter
or double, XI 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO.. 1310-1812 Stockton st.. near Broadway.
ladles' and gents' cast-off clothing bought and
sold. J.Silverman, 9S4 Folsom; tel. Folsom 11S1.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates; 10
years' experience. J. B'. RAY, 838 Mission st.
SPANISH lessons given by a native Spanish
teacher. CIS McAllister st.
ALFREDIJMS Egyptian Henna; restores gray
hair to its natural color; fl; at all druggists.
POISON oak cured tn one application or no pay;
satisfaction guaranteed. 46$ Hayes st.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
electric needle. MISS EATON, 1119 Sutter St.*
TAILOR made suits, $7 30: dress pants. $2 £0.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
OLD cold silver, diamonds and precious stones
bought. J. R. JEXKEL. S17 Market st.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt^
DR. LAMQTTE'S French Corn Paint, the best
corn cutp; 25c: all <!rugg;tts.
I'HYSICIAXS AXD SUUGEOXS. *
Dr! C. C O'DONNELL^Offlce "and~residenceT
1C21 IZadnrt rt.. between Sixth and Seventh.
DR. WONG HIM, herb doctor, successfully
treats all diseases of the human body: see
testimonials at office. 115-117 Mason, nr. Ellis.
A— DR. WONG WOO. herb doctor; sanitarium,
7C4-766 Clay st.: t-ee testimonials at office.
PILES.
JseXrLY 10C0 permanent cures here In your
midst; many who have suffered 20 to 30 yeara;
I over CO names of prominent business men
rent bm reference; no chloroform. 6urgery or
«1rtar frcm bustnej??. and no salves for salo.
PHrtlculars address Pbyslclac, box 1930 Call
effice. S. F., CaL
ROOMS. TO LET— Fnrn. and Unfurn.
HOWARD. 1G13— 1 nicely furnished sunny bed-
room, with piano; hot and cold water; suit-
able for Epworth, Leaguers; new flats.
JESSIE, 363. near Fifth and Market— 2 fur-
nished connecting rooms; suitable 3 persons.
JESSIE, 434— Furnished rooms to let.
KEARNY, 34, and 47 Post— Sunny furnished
rooms and offices; rent reasonable.
LAGUNA, 1131— Nice elegantly furnished large
rooms. : .-• . -
MARKET, 1015 (New Arlington)— Nicely fur-
nlshed rooms, $2 a week up; 35c a day up. .
MARTINET, 1101 Geary— Elegant suites, newly
furnished; private; bath; single rooms $10 up.
MINNA, 667, corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room, $1 per week; transient.
MISSION. 925^4— Well-furnished sunny bay-
wlndow front and other, rooms; lower flat.
O'FARRELL, 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
of flees; elevator; elec. lights; day, week, mo..
OXF6RD, 271 O'Farrell— Furnished front suite
and single rooms, S3 week up; transient.
PERRY 39%. 4 blocks from Market, near Third
—Two nice rooms, furnished; private.
POWELL, 15— Changed hands; rooms, |1 50 per
week and up. ¦ ' -
POWELL, 207 (changed hands)— Nicely fur-
nished rms., en suite or sin.; baths: transient.
PRIVATE family; 2 front rooms; use kitchen
and washing done; $6. Box 4466, Call office.
ROSEDALEr 321 Ellis— Pleasant sunny rooms
at very reasonable prices.
ROYAL House. 126 Ellis— Incandescent light;
reading-room, Emoking-room and ladles' par-
lor; rooms, per night, 35c to II EO; week, $2 to
$8; month, $8 to $30; elevator, on ground floor;
rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 2S Eighth St.,
near Market— Furnished or unfurnished.
SHIPLEY, 236— Small front room, furnished;
reasonable. ¦ ¦ .
SHOTWELL, 227. nr. 17th— 3 sunny rooms, un-
furnished>
SIENA House and saloon. 410-412 Broadway-
Most elegantly furnished sunny rooms In lo-
cality; rents reasonable; first-class attention.
TWO large sunny unfurnished rooms for house-
keeping. Southeast corner Market and Ninth
•sts.; apply dentist's office.
VALENCIA, 1171— Furnished large front rooms,
suitable for doctor or dentist; references.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been ; established at 1036
Valencia st.
«T ROOMS AND BOARD.
AN exceptional table; pleasant rooms; good
service: popular rates. 807 California st.
UNRIVALED furnished rooms; best corner In
Oakland; unsurpassed family tab'.e, 25c per
meal; $4 per week; every accommodation and
attention. : 1103Vi Broadway, cor. Twelfth St.,
third flat. Oakland. ¦'
ALMORA, Twentieth and Mission; warm belt;
' new management; modern; sunny rooms; ta-
ble board; unexcelled. Tel. Church 1181.
POWELL, 93S — A suite or single sunny rooms
with or without board; three car lines.
THE HEATH.312 Eddy— Nicely furnished sunny
front rooms, en suite, single; excellent cuisine.
THE Victor, 1006 Pine — New management; thor-
oughly renovated; sunny suites with board.
HOTEL Repeller, 781 Sutter— Newly furnished;
excellent table; special rafes to tourists.
PINE, 1222 (old Ralston home) — Elegantly fur-
nished sunny rooms, en suite & single; board.
THE Crocker, 915 Leavenworth— Fine sunny
rooms, single and en suite; beautiful grounds.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st^ ¦
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
ROOMS AND BOARD WANTED.
WANTED — By 2 young ladles, room and board
in private family: convenient to business dls-
trlct. Box 43S2. Call.
SEWIXG MACHINES AXD^ SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged, re-
paired; open even. : phone Black 1124. 205 4th.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.,
office Post and Powell sts.: tel. Main 5713. '
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse, 840 Mis-
sion St.; tel. Howard 941. F.W. ZEHFUSS.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., 722 Mission St.;
tel. Main 1840; shipping at cut rates.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Fillmore St.; phone Jackson 281.
TJ^PmV'RITERS_AND_SUPPLIES^
GREAT BARGAINS IN TYPEWRITERS-AVe
pell better machines for less money than any
house in the city; rentals, $3. The Typewriter
Exchange, 536 California; telephone Main 266.
RENT a new Franklin typewriter for $1 week
and have . your work in sight. . CUTTER
TOWER CO.. 302 Montgomery; tel. Black 4SS5.
HARTFORD typewriters; hew, $60: anti-trust;
I all makes; used machines $10 up. 209 Sansome.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
OFFICE of the Fl remarTsf Fu nd Insurance
Company, San Francisco, July 15, 1901.— At a
regular meeting of the beard of directors of
this company, held this day, a dividend was
declared, payable on and after July 17 1601.
LOUIS WEINMANN. Secretary.
DIVIDEND Notice— Dividend No. 93 (twenty
cents per share) of the Hutchlnson Sugar
Plantation Company will be payable at the
oflice.-of the company. 327 Market street, on
and after Saturday. July 20, 1901. Transfer
books will close on Saturday, July 13, 1901, at
12 o'clock noon. E. H. SHELDON, Sec.
; LEGAL ADVEKT1SEMEXTS.
NOTICE of intention to lease seawall lot"No?
15 and portions of seawall lot No. 14— Office of
the Board of State Harbor Commissioners,
Union Depot and Ferry House, San Francisco,
Cal., July 5. 1901: Sealed proposals or bid*
will be received at this office at 2:30 o'clock
J p. m. on Wednesday, July 17, 1901, for leasing
all of the Eeawall lot No.- 15 and those por-
tions of seawall lot No. 14, described and
inclosed by metes and bounds, as follows,
viz.: Commencing at the Intersection of the
northerly line of Broadway -with the easterly I
line of Davis street, running thence easterly
along the northerly line of Broadway one!
hundred and forty-three (143) feet, thencs
running northerly on a line parallel with the
westerly line of East street one hundred (10U)
feet, thence running along a curve of thirteen
degrees and thirty minutes (13 degrees 3u min-
utes) (curving to the right) one hundred and
ninety-one and eighty-five one-hundredths
feet (191. S3 ' feet) (measured on a curve) to a
point in the southerly line of Vallejo street;
thence running westerly along the southerly
line of Vallejo street, fifty-seven feet (57 feet)
to the Intersection of the southerly line of Val-
lejo street with the easterly line of Davis
street; thence running along the easterly line
of Davis street two hundrd and seventy-five
feet (275 feet) to the point of beginning; also
that portion of said lot bounded and described
as follows: Commencing at the intersection
of the northerly line of Broadway with the
westerly line of East , street, thence running
westerly along the northerly line of Broad-
way twenty feet (20 feet); .thence running
northerly at a right angle to the northerly
line of Broadway to the intersection with
westerly line of East street; thence running^
southerly along the westerly line of East*
street to the point of beginning for railroad
terminal freight facilities in connection with
the operation of the Belt Railway System of
said Board of State Harbor ommlssloners,
Its successor or successors. The purposes for
which said premises may and shall be leased
and used are to consist solely in. of and for
the laying and maintaining of railroad tracks
thereon by the party to whom the lease shall
be made and executed and the loading, un-
loading, hauling and switching of freight cars
thereover and thereon ¦ and the construction
maintenance and operation of the usual . fa-
cilities therefor— the hauling and switching of
such cars to, from and on said premises to bo
done and performed only by the said board
Its successor or successors, the lessee to pay
for such hauling and switching the regular
rates established for such service by or un-
der the authority of law or by said board its
successor or successors; sueh payment to be
in addition *.o the rental to be paid for th«
lease of Buch property. Said bid must state
ameng other things, the purpose for- which
said premises will be used. A statement of
the bid will be embodied lnthe lease award-
ed, given and executed with a statement and
covenant that the property shall be used sole-
ly for such purpose. The board reserves the
right to reject any or all bids. Blank forms
on which bids may. be made can.be secured
from the secretary of this board at his office
In the building aforesaid, and th» bidders are
requested' to use the same. Said lease shall
contain proper terms and covenants to protect
the parties thereto. Said property will be
leased to the highest and best bidder.,
PARIS KILBURN,
RUDOLPH HEROLD JR
JOHN C. KIRKPATRICK,
Board -of State Harbor Commissioners.
LOTT D. NORTON. ; Chief Engineer.
WM. D. ENGLISH. Secretary. . ¦. .
NOTICE to creditor*— In the matter of the
estate of WILLIAM H. A YERS. deceased:
Notice Is hereby given to the creditors of,' and
. all persons having claims against, the above
named deceased, to present them within four
months after:the date. of this*notlce to/ the
County Clerk of, the City and County. of San,
Francisco. .State of California/ at hla office in
the City and County of San Francisco. . • .
Dated July 1G. 1901. " .
. WM. A. DTCANE. Clerk.
By V. F. NORTHROP. Deputy Clerk.
/' SPECIAL NOTICES. -^^^
THE Girls' Directory Orphan Asylum : gives
notice that, the following orphans, I half-
¦ orphans and abandoned children, also found-
lings, have been received in the orphanage
from December 3L 1900, to June 30. 1901:
Charles Dragler, 7 yrs. 6 mos. ; Henry Drag-
ler, 5 yrs. 6 mos.; Antony Marino. ' 5 days:
' Mary 7 yrs.; Margaretta 7 yrs. and Joseph
Olsen 3 yrs. ; Catherine Gibbons, 5 yrs. 1 mo, ;
Catherine 9 yrs. 3 mos.. Anna 7 yrs. and
: Henry Mennors 3 yrs. 6 mos. ; Virginia Kirby,
5 yrs. 7 mos. ; Rose 5 yrs and Lewis Passolot
3 yrs. 6 mos.; Banodino Bartona, 3 yrs. 3
mos.; Louis ' Drexil, • 5 yrs. 5 mos.; Martin
Samuels 3 yrs.; Ida Woldloff, 6 yrs.; Cliff
Kuntz, 2 yrs. 1 mo. ; Harry Russ, 5 yrs. ; Mary
7 yrs. 1 mo. and Bernice McClelland 5 yrs.
10 mos.; George McKann. 5 yrs. 7 mos.; Ada
7 yrs. 4 mos. and Michael Doland 6 yrs. : John
Larken, 2 yrs. 1 mo.; John 3 yrs. 6 mos. and
Evalyn Kessler 5 yrs. 10 mos.; Lucy 5 yrs.
10 mos. and Lizzie Glovanina 4 yrs. 6 mos.:
Edith Doland, 9 yrs. ; Magdalina -5 yrs. 11
mos. and Fulton Vannlcl 4 yrs.: John d'Arsy;
3 yrs.- 1 mo.; Mira 10 yrs., Ernest 8 yrs.,
Josie 9 yrs., Eleanora 5 yrs. and Katherine
Gianettl 1 yr. 10 mos.; Mary Smith, 3 yrs. 6
mos.; Gertrude 3 yrs. 7 mos. and John Daley
2 yrs. 11 mos. ; Gertrude 5 yrs. 11 mos. and
Mary Sullivan 3 yrs. ; Irene 10 yrs. 10 mos.
and Raymond Doland 2 yrs. 11 mos.: Albert
8 yrs. 6 mos., Gordon 1 yr. 6 mos., Kenth 4
yra. 10 mos. and Constance Heanery 6 yrs. 8
* mos. ; Katherine 4 yrs. and Edward Slatten
3 yrs. ; Ellenor Edwards, 4 yrs. ; Olander Mur-
rey, 3 yrs. ; Edward 3 yrs. 11 mos., Lewis 2
yrs. and Bertha. Kavanagh 5 yrs. 5 mos. ;
Elenore Brady, 12 yrs. ; Iona 7 yrs. and Mary
Gladwln 3 yrs. 7 mos. ; -Mary 10 yrs. 8 mos.,
Frederick 3 yrs. 3 mos. and Bertha Louis 4
yrs. 10 mos.; Dante Tarrabori, 6 yrs. 3 mos.;
Katherine Kaihi. 3 yrs. 1 mo. : Gertrude 5
yrs. 10 mos. and Francis Kelley 2 yrs. II
mos. ; Mariana- Purdee. 5 yrs. 10 mos.; John
6 yrs. 8. mos. and Catherine Matthews 4 yrs.
2 mos.; Margarite Kaisar, 8 yrs. 10 mos.
SPECIAL NOTICE— Office of the Collector of
Customs, port of San Francisco, •''Cal., July
15, 1901— Notice is hereby given that the Com-
missioner of Navigation, under date of July
10, 1901, has authorized a change in the name
of the barkentine "J. C. Pfluger" to "Coro-
nado." Said vessel was built at Sunderland,
England, In 1874, official number 7746, gross
tonnage 1062: owner, J. D. Spreckels & Bros.
Company. W. B. HAMILTON, Special Dep-
uty Collector of Customs, N. S. F.
THE secretary of the San Francisco Protestant
Orphan Asylum Society hereby gives notice
that the following orphan and half-orphan
girls and boys have been received at the asy-
lum on Haight st. from January 1, 1901, to
July I. 1901: Angelina Willet. 7 yrs.; Delia
Wlllet, 2 yrs. 10 mos. : Emma L. Henniger.
4 yrs. 3 mos.; Annie Kenyon, 9 yrs. ; Rachel
Kenyon, 6 yrs.; Minnie Iverson, 12 yrs. 10
mos. ; James Farley, 7 yrs. 7 mos. ; Raymond
Francis, 6 yrs. 4 mos.: Herbert E. Francis,
6 yrs. 9 mos. ; Martin Kvalvig, 11 yrs. 1 mo. ;
Albert Lake, 7 yrs*. ; Harry Lake, 4 yrs. ; Clar-
ence Stephenson. 7 yrs. ; Charles F. Henniger.
2 yrs. 10 mos. ; Thomas Semler, 12 yrs. 5 mos. :
Henry Hanson. 5 yre.; Arthur Davis. 9 yrs. 8
mos.; George Kvalvig, 9 yrs. 3 mos. ; Herbert
O. Love, 6 yrs. 6 mos. ; George Elliot, 3 yrs.
6 mos. j
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 415 Montgomery St., rooms 9-19, tel. 55SO.
DISEASES and ailments- of men treated: con-
sultation free. American Dispensary; 514 Pine.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday:
Allan C. Morison. 30. Jamestown, and Bar-
bara Gordon, 26, 1331 Broadway. .
. Stephen M. Beede, 31. 1713 Green street, . and
Matgaret T. Addlson, 28, 1713 Green street.
Henry G. Sonnenbenr, 22, Kansas City. Mo.,
and Bertha K. Lewis, 19, Kansas City, Mo.
N. Brit Goen, 44, city, and Nora Roosa, 23,.
city. • '
Jeremiah Bennineton, 33, Keswick, and Ma-
bel E. Eachus, 22, Red Bluff.
William C. Vandezrift. 31. 1206 Golden Gate
avenue, and Grace M. Brigham, 23, Toledo, O.
John J. Clifford. 28. 324% Guerrero street, and
Florence F. Rlley, 22, 324V4 Guerrero street.
George L. Beck, 32, Llvermore, and Ella A.
Grosser, 22, Danville. ¦
Hugh M. Vair, 42, Jackson, and Alberta Tre-
cartin, 32, Boston, Mass. . - ..
Charles H. Covell. 30, Brooklyn, Mich., and
Alice I. Heron, 28, -Boise City, Idaho.
William W. Cragoe, 25. 123 Washington
street, and Minnie Cragoe, 20, 122 Washington.
Hiram D. Baxter. 24, 1024 Ellis street, and
Florence Raimer. 23, 986 Harrison street.
Louis Relman, 2S. 116 Turk street, and Mabel
Snow, 24, 418 Geary street.
Alfred" B. Reichelt, 33, 249 Fourth street, and
Lena Nett, 27, 249 Fourth street.
George S. May, 34. 1313 Taylor street, and
Jessie W. Watkins. 21, 1229 Bush street.
Seymour J. Tanner, 42, Erie, Pa., and Hen-
rietta G. Taylor, 33, Erie. Pa.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES- DEATHS,
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published,
BOBN.
CAMPBELL— In" this city, July 14, 1901, to tho
wife of S. K. CampBtell, a son.
FLINN— In this city. July 13, .1901, to the wife
of William P. Flinn, a son.
~ MAERIED.
ABRAHAM— SOLOMON— In this city, July 14,
1901. by Rabbi Isidore Myers, Mai: Abraham
and Minnie Solomon, both, of San Francisco.
ISAACS-FULTON— In this city, July 13, 1901,
by the Rev. Frank K. Baker, Charles Wal-
ter Isaacs and Alice Mabel Fulton, both of
San Francisco.
DIED.
Brennan, John McCue, Patrick
Boone, Charles H. McGowan. Winifred
Boyd. Rp.chel McLeod, Angus J.
Castagnetto, Florence Mahon, James A.
Donovan, John B. Mead, Henry H.
Donovan, Nellie Nelson, Margaret
Franklin, Hy Pendola. Mary
Gordon, George F. Reinstein, Lydia
Hagerty, Margaret Schipper, Peter G.
Hansen. Cant. Neils Smith, Ellen
Hock, Lizzie Trull, Sylvester
Johnson, Andrew THley. Merrit
Keating, Catherine , Vincant, Joseph
Kennedy, Mrs. J. J. Walsh. Lafayette A.
Krahner, Ernst Waltjen, John H."
Latson, Mar-aret M. Wirthle, Emily N.
Leoni, Giov. B.
EOONE— In this city. July 15, 1901, ' Charles H.I
beloved husband of Rpbecca J. Boone, and
father of Edwin Boone, a native of Ports-
mouth, Ohio, aged 4S years 6 months and 20
days.
BRENNAN— In this city, July 14, 1901, John,
beloved husband of the late Margaret Bren-
nan, and father of Mrs. John F. Rupert and
the late Mary Brennan. brother of Mrs. Mar-
garet Corr, brother-in-law of William J.
Healy, a native of County Roscommon, Ire-
land, aged 62 years 3 months and 11 days.
Cr?Trien-Js and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this «day
(Wednesday), at 1 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of his daughter, Mrs. John F. Rupert,
221 Elsie street, off Cortland avenue, thence
to St. John's Church, formerly old St. Mary's
College, for services, at 1:30 o'clock.' Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
BOYD— In this city,' July 15, 1901, Rachel, be-
loved wife of Andrew Boyd. mother of John,
Andrew and Mamie Boyd, and sister of Mrs.
Mary Benson, a native of County Derry, Ire-
land, aged 35 years and 2 months.
IC?"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 1:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 28 Natoma street.
CASTAGNETTO— In this city, July IB, 1901.
Florence Elizabeth, dearly beloved child of
Florence M. and Edward Castagnetto, a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 6 months and 12
days. .
(CT Funeral to-morrow (Thursday), at 2
o'clock, from the residence of her . grand-
parents, 1234 Dunont street. Interment pri-
vate. Please omit flowers. .'.
DONOVAN— In West Berkeley, July 14, 1901,
John B., dearly beloved husband of Mary.
Donovan and father of Cornelius, . George,
Lulu end Alice Donovan and grandfather of
•Myrtle Donovan, a native of Ireland, aged
67 years. A member of Burns Lodge No. 68,
A. O.. U. W. f
(C7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the' funeral this day
(Wednesday) at 9:15 o'clock, from his late
residence in West Berkeley, thence to St. Co-
lumba's Church, where a solemn requiem high
mass will be said for. the repose of his soul,
commencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment St.
Mary's Cemetery.. Take Berkeley train to
Golden Gate station, thence San Pablo ave-
nue cars west to Grayson street. \rt
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
(Successor to Flannagan & Gallagher.)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
¦ 20 Fifth. St., opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South SO.
I\ yv\o/\\/C>"V' ac CO.. I
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMERS. 8
- 1239 Market St., between 8th and 9th. I
Telephone South_247. B
JAMBS McGINN,
:.; Formerly with McGinn Bros., has opened
v new Funeral Parlors at 214 Eddy st., bet.
Taylor and Jones. Telephone South 576.
UNlTBti tnSDERTAKERc>; j
.27. and 2? Fifth st. Tel." South 167. . !
FUNEBAL EIRiiCTOES AND EKBALHSRS.
Finest •Equipment at. Moderate" Rates. i
SA*J FRANCISCO, Cal.— Notice is hereby given
t-at cHARtES*H. JACOB of the rirm of
CHARLES H. JACOB & CO.; funeral dlrec-
¦ tors i and embalmer?, ' 318 Mason street, " has,
' by order of court,' had his name changed "to
CHARLES H.; J. TRUMAN, by reason, of,
- which the ' name of- his firm becomes
CHARLES. H. J. TRUMAN & CO. , Under
this name the continues to do business at the
same place. Telephone Main 5213.
DONOVAN— In Berkeley, July 15, 1901. Nellie,
dearly beloved daughter of Daniel and Mary
Donovan, and slater of John, James. Augus-
tine and Daniel ' Donovan Jr. and Mrs. Mary
Miller, Mrs. Annie James and Mrs. Lizzie
Carroll, a native of Berkeley, aged 15 years
7 months and 13 days. (Tehama County pa-
pers please copy.)
IT^ Friends and acquaintances are "respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, Spaulding avenue, near Bancroft
way, thenoe to St. Joseph's Church, where
a solemn requiem mass will be celebrated
. for the repose of her soul. Interment St.
- Mary's Cemetery, Oakland.
FRANKLIN— In Seattle. Wash., July 14, 1901.
Hy Franklin, beloved son of Marcus and
Hannah Franklin, and brother of Isldor,
Nate. Arthur and Melville Franklin. Mrs. N.
D. Newman, Mrs. J. Michaels and Mrs. D.
M. Mcees; a native of Oregon, aged 32 yeara
and 7 days.
(CTFriends are respectfully invited to at-
, tend the funeral services to-morrow (Thurs-
day), at 10:15 o'clock, at the family resl-
edr.ee, 655 Golden Gate avenue. Interment
Hills of Eternity Cemetery, by 11:30 o'clock
train from Third and Townsend streets.
GORDON— In this City. July 13, 1901. Georga
; F. ¦ Gordon, a native of Nova Scotia, aged 51
years. , • .
[ETFuneral services this day (Wednesday),
at 11 o'clock, at his late residence. 401 Ash-
bury street. Interment private. ' ¦ .
HAGERTY— In - this city, at St. Mary's Hospi-
tal July 15, 1901, Margaret, widow of the
late Dennis Hagerty. a native of County
Cork, Ireland, aged 65 years 1 month and 16
days.
C?"The funeral will take place this day
(Wednesday), at 9 o'clock, from her 4
late residence. 217 Cortland avenue, thence-
to St. John's Church, old St. Mary's Col-
lege, where a requiem high mass . will be
celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
mencing at 9:20 o'clock. Interment private.
HANSEN— In this city, July 15. 1901, Captain
Neils J. Hansen, a native of Denmark, aged
48 years.
E?"Fr!ends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday) at 2 o'clock, from Ruby Hall,
Red Men's building. 320 Post street, under
the auspices of the Master Mariners' Benev-
olent • Association. Interment Laurel Hill
Cemetery. Remains at the funeral parlors of
Bunker & Lunt. 2666 Mission street. Mission
Masonic Temple. .
HOCK— In this city, July 16, 1901. Lizzie, eld-
est and beloved daughter of Nlcolaus and
Maria Hock, and sister of Nellie, Nlcolaus
Jr., Frieda. Marianna' and Albert Hock, a
native of Honolulu. T. H., aged 14 years S
months and 12 days.
JOHNSON— In this city. July 14. 1901, Andrew,
beloved husband of Gustava Johnson, father
of Andrew, Charles, Edward, Nalma. Saidle
and Katie Johnson and Mrs. Ellen D. Mar-
tin and brother cf Henry Johnson, a native
of Finland, aged oi years 6 . months and 19
days.
(CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from Union Square
Hall. 421 Post street, near Powell, under the
auspices of the United California Finn
Brctherhood. Interment Laurel Hill Ceme-
tery. Remains at his late residence. 2»
Sherwood Place, off Third street, between
MiFslpn and Howard.
KEATING— In this city. July 13. 1301. Cath-
erine, beloved wife of the late John Keating,
and naother of the late General Robert P.
Keating, a native of County Clare. Ireland,
aged 78 years.
[C7"The funeral will take place this day
• (Wednesday), at 9 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 1707 Bush street, thence to St. Mary a
Cathedral, where a requiem high i.iass will
be celebrated for the repose of her soul at
9:30 o'clock. Interment Calvary. Cemetery.
KENNEDY— In this city, July 13, 1901. Mra.
J. J. Kennedy, beloved daughter ot Elizabeth
Noakea, mother of J. E. Kennedy, and sis-
ter of Mrs. J. E. Frltziterald, Mrs. Louis
Berger anil Mrs. L. Strohmeier, a native of
Montreal, Canada, aged 24 years and 7
months.
|C?"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 165 Ninth street. Interment Odd Fel-
lows' Cemetery. . .
KRAHNER— In this city. July 13, 1901, Ernst
Krahntr, beloved husband of Mary Krahner,
and father of Llllie. Charles. Freda, Emma,
May and Clarence Krahner, a native of Ger-
many, aged 51 years 9 months and 7 days.
E7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from Odd Fel-
lows' Hall, where services will be held under
the auspices of Germania Lodge No. 116. I.
O. O. F. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
Remains at the funeral parlors of H. F.
Maass, 917 Mission street.
LATSON— In this city. July 16. 1901. Margaret
M. Latson. belo\ - ed mother of Mrs. H. M..
Rosekrans. Mrs. Hiram Rosekrans, Mrs. J.
Lee, Mrs. E. Myers and Charles and "William
Latson, a native of New York, aged 82 years
and 1 month.
GTFuneral services will be held to-morrow
(Thursday), at 10:30 o'clock, at her late resi-
dence", 336 Shotwell street. Interment private.
Masonic Cemetery.
LEONI-ln this city. July 15. 1901, Giov.- Bat-
tieta, dearly beloved husband of Julia Leonl,
and father of Angelo and the ¦ late John
Leoni. .a native of Italy, aged 66 years - 1
months and 5 -days.
McCUE— In- Butte, Mont., July 14. 1901. Pat-
rick, beloved brother of Thomas, Timothy.
Stephen and James McCue and Mrs. Michael
Doran, a native of County Galway, Ireland,
a~ed 31 years.
(E7"Notice of funeral hereafter. ¦
McGOWAN— In San Rafael, July 16, 1901.
Winltred, beloved wife of Peter McGowan.
a native of County Sllgo, Ireland, aged 67
year3.
C?"Friends and tacquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 10 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 2017 Dupont street, thence to St.
Francis Church, where a solemn requiem
high mass -will b» celebrated for the repose
of her soul at 10:30 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
McLEOD— In this city, July 13, 1901, Angus J.
McLeod, beloved brother of Daniel M. and
William S. McLeod. a native of Prince Ed-
ward Island. (Nova Scotia and Prince Ed-
ward Island papers please copy.)
jCTTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 1:30 o'clock, from B'nal
B'rith Hall. 121 Eddy street, where services
will be held under the auspices of Pacific
Lodge No. 136. F. and A. M. Interment Ma-
sonic Cemetery.
MAHON— In this city, July 13, 1901, James
AloysiuB, dearly beloved and youngest son oi
Helene and the late Franklin Mahon. a
native of San Francisco.
ICTFrlend* and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this -day
(Wednesday) at 10 o'clock from his late resi-
dence, C06 Ellis street, between Hyde and
Larkin, thence to St. Mary's Cathedral,
where a solemn requiem mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of his soul, commenc-
ing at 10:30 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
MEAD— In this city, July 14. 1901. Henry H.,
brother of Martin and James Mead and Mrs.
M. Dittrtch and Mrs. Lou Cooper, a native,
of Michigan, aged 41 years and 3 months.
A member of the Painter* 1 Union of Oak-
land.
ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 11 o'clock, from his late
residence, 317 Paris street, near Brazil ave-
nue, off Mission road. Interment Mountain
View Cemetery, Oakland, by 1 o'clock Creek.
Boat. .
NELSON— In this city, July 16, lSOl. Margaret
- Nelson (formerly McDonough), dearly beloved
mother of Thomas, Matthew and Annie Mc-
Donough, Mrs. F. O. Erickson and Mrs. W.
D. Conroy. and sister of the late Thomas
Qulnn. a native of Swinf ord. County Mayo.
Ireland, aged 53 years and 7 months. - -
(E^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 9:45 o'clock, from her late
residence, 317 Harrison street, near Fremont,
thence to St. Brendan's Church, corner Fra-
mqjjt and Harrison streets, -where a. solemn
recPtem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of her soul, commencing at 10 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
PENDOLA— In this city. July . 16. 1901. Mary
Pendola. beloved wife of Peter Pendola. and
beloved sister of Mrs. W. Patterson and Mrs.
Peter Howell, a native of County Cavan, Ire-
land.
C? Friends and aecualntances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 9 o'clock, from 3230 Eighteenth
street, thence to - St. Charles Borromeo's
Church, where a requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
mencing ct 9:30 o'clock. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery.
REINSTEIN— In this cfty, July 13, " 1901.
Lydia, beloved wife of the late Simon Rein-
stein, aijd mother of Esther. Samuel, Henry,
Sarah and Kate Relnatein, Mrs. M. Hart,
Mrs. H. S. Reinstein and Mrs. H. Bernhard.
ar.d slater of S. H. Collins and Mrs. I. Gold-
stein, a native of England, aged 73 years 4
months and J2 days. , .
C7The funeral services will take place
this day (Wednesday), at 10 o'clock, at
her late residence. 2511 Sacramento street.
Interment Hills of Eternity Cemetery, by
11:30 o'clock train. Third and Townsend
streets. Funeral services and Interment pri-
vate. ' i ¦
SCHIPPER— In the City and County Hospitrtf.
July 16. 1901, Peter G. Schipper, a native of
Michigan, aged 40 years.
SMITH— In this city, July IS, 1901, Ellen, be-
' loved mother of "James L. Smith, a native of
the parish of Baljycallen, County Kilkenny,
. Ireland, aged 70 years.
(ETFrlendrt and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock, k from her late
residence, • 1419 Kearny strest. between Union
and Filb»rfr thence to St. Francis Church,
where a solemn requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the reaose of her soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery. . :
TRULL— In this city, July 16. 1901, . Sylvester.
I beloved husband of Emellne Trull, and father
• of Harry Trull and Mrs. A. C. Bassett, a na-
tive of Massachusetts. .'(Boston papers please
copy.)
[CTThe funeral services will- take, place
to-morrow (Thursday). " at 2 o'clock, Tat his
late : residence. | S38 Clayton street. Interment
Cypress Lawn Cemetery. . - .
UTLEY— In this, city, July 15. 19C1, Merrlt
Utley,' a native of Pennsylvania, aged 73
. veers. ; ' • '
(n?"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend, the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from the mortu-
ary chapel of the Golden Gate Undertaking
CyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at S:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, 529 Sixth street, between Bryant
and Brannan. and thence to St. Rose's
Church. Brannan street, near Fourth, where
a solemn requiem mass will be celebrated for
the reoose of his soul, commencing at 9
o'clock. Interment Holy Cress Cemetery.
WIRTHLE— In this city. July 13. 1901. Emily
Narer Wlrthle. beloved wife of William
WIrthle. a native of California.
C Funeral services and Interment private.
CTTriends and" accualntances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, 24 Morris avenue, off Harrison
street, between Fifth and Sixth. >
WALTJEN— In. this city. July IS. 13CL John
Henry Waltjen. a native of Salinas, Cal..
aged 30 years 11 months and 13 days.
Company. 8473 Mission street, near Twenty-
first. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by
carriage.
VINCANT— In the City and County Hospital,
July 16. 19C1. Joseph Vlncant, a native of
England, aged 70 years.
WALSH— In this city. July 13. 1301. Lafayette
Aloyslus, beloved son of Patrick J. and Mary
Walsh, and brother of Frank. Jerome and
John Ausustin Walsh, Mrs. Katie Eagan and
Mrt Mamie Holland, a native or San Fran-
cisco, aged 19 years and 5 days.There is bound to be a long drawn out
wail of dissent when the county authori
ties perceive that they have been divested
of power to impose any license for rev
enue. How far license can be imposed
under the spirit of police regulation is yet
to be determined. • '
business Is relieved from the payment of said
license tax.
>rder that- the readers may trace th«
:hange the old law is her* given. Sectloi
!5 of the county government act, ap
>roved April 1, 1897, gives to Boards o:
Supervisors this power:
nicipal, county or State; and the Board
of Supervisors shall issue to such-sol
dier, sailor or marine, without, cost, a
license therefor. The board may pro
vide that any such license shall cease
upon the non-payment of such tax, and
any person, firm or corporation trans
acting or carrying on N such business
without such license, wherever pre
scribed, is guilty of a misdemeanor. .
ASSEMBLY BILL 456, "which
passed both houses of the last
Legislature ¦ and secured ¦ the
prompt approval ¦ of Governor
, Gage,, contains a joker, and a
very clever joker,* too. In the light of
this proposition sent to thousands of retail
liquor dealers in counties other than San
Francisco, the people will begin to see the
true inwardness" of the cunning legisla
tion:
I hereby appoint.. and such
counsel as he may select, to test the power of
the Board of Supervisors of: County
to Impose a license tax upon the business now
carried on by the undersigned within the
municipality of and in the
even that said business is relieved of the pay
ment of such license tax now imposed by said
Board of Supervisors, ' and a final determination
be obtained from the Supreme Court of Cali
fornia that the Beard of Supervisors has no
power to levy, collect or Impose a county license
tax upon such business, I hereby agree to pay
the sum of $
It being distinctly understood and agreed that
I advance nothing for costs or counsel fees and
in no way become liable therefor unless said
business is relieved from the payment of aald
license tax. • '
Dated
Attorneys Are Active.
The Call secures Information that Sen
ator E. K. Taylor of Alameda and H. A.
Mason of • the League of Municipalities
are active In soliciting business under the
new law. Saloon-keepers outside of San
Francisco "are engaging counsel to obtain
the protection which the new law confers.
The work in their behali was so cleverly
performed at Sacramento that they will
shortly receive the benefits of the act.
Doubtless the attorneys who are on the
inside will be enriched by proceeds from
numerous agr?ements. The liquor deal-'
ers In this city are not concerned in the
legislation, but they know what their fel
low merchants In the interior are doing
in the line of e.mploying counsel.
Assembly Bill . No. 456 is now Chapter
209 and may be found on page 635 of the
Statutes. The old law which the Kelley
act supersedes is Subdivision 25, Statutes
of 1897, page 465. Here is a copy of the
new bill as signed by the Governor:
The free normal training school of the
Golden Gate Kindergarten Association
will open July 22. Application for en
trance may be made at 221 Ninth street.
Normal Training School to Open.
Every original package of Jesse Moore Whis
key is guaranteed absolutely pure by Jesse
Moore Hcnt Co. •
Coward and Weber were the original man
•Lgers of the company, but when we found that
they could not be trusted, myself. Mr. Ellert
and Mr. Lackmann deposed them and took
charjre of the business. We have devoted many
months to perfecting the plant, building the
mill and developing its business arrangements
without salary or any compensation whatever.
My own time has been devoted almost exclu
sively to this business an<i it is with a view
to petting control of the company, now in a
prosperous and healthy condition, that this suit
has been brought. I do not believe that Mr.
I>ingee or Mr. Henshaw are leading in this
movement, nor are they aware of the true facts
of the case. If they were I am satisfied that
they would not countenance this suit, which is
purely. In my Judgment, a blackmail and ma
licious affair. We shall meet the Issues at the
proper time and dispose of them in court.
A temporary injunction, restraining Ber
teling. Ellert and Lackmann from dispos
ing of any of their stock, wee issued yes
terday by Judge Dunne and made return
able before Judge Murasky Friday.
When the Continental Company was organized
the salt business wre dead. Coward had been
running a little establishment without making
much progress and it was this business which
we purchased. Later on the saltmakers or
r&nlzed a combination and succeeded in raising
the price. It is this circumstance which now
Impels Coward and Weber to bring this ac
tion. They think salt making is becoming
profitable and they desire to break or black
mail their way into the business. '.
This action is in the nature of blackmail.
For months Coward and Weber have been seek
in? to get control of the company, and in doing
eo they have resorted to all sorts of dishon
orable tactics. It is utterly false that the stock
of this company is now or ever was worth
52 50 a fchare. Within a month I have offered
to sell Dingee and Henshaw all my stock for
to cents a chare. When we purchased this stock
at C5 cents it was worth nothing and Coward
and Weber knew that as well as I do. At that
time they could have had all ol it they wanted
at 25 cents, and 23 cents is all that their stock
L. A. Berteling, president of the Con
tinental Company, Issued the following
statement yesterday:
Bertelingfs Statement.
"The rerolution for the sale was passed
at a stockholders 1 meeting at which all
the stock. 16S.5C0 shares, was represent
ed. All of it was voted for the resolution
except thf 4003 shares held by Weber.
Cowcrd voted lor the sale, but he has
since been deposed as manager, and that
is why he is against us now.
"Berteling, Ellert and myself have put
In all th,e money that has been expended
in this enterprise, except $1000 invested by
Weber. We have not levied assessments
nor In any way gone about this as if we
were trying to freeze out. or embarrass
Weber or Coward. Our acts have been
regular and honorable. "We have given
our time to this without a cent of recom
pense either in salaries or dividends."
"On June 12 Mr. Andreano. who is as
sociated with Mr. Hess, told me that the
above things had been told to him by
Weber, who had requested him to tell
me. Andreano had told Weber that Mr.
Hess was better acquainted with me and
he would better get Hess to tell me those
things."
In regard to the transaction which the
plaintiffs characterize as looting Lack
mann asserts that it was not even an at
i«npt to freeze out the smaller stock
holders. He explains that when the com
pany was formed it was agreed that Cow
ard should hold one-third of the stock Is
sued, Berteling a third. Ellert a sixth and
himself a sixth, approximately. Weber's
holding- was ;ibout one-fortieth of the to
tal. All of Coward's was issued to him,
and to keep the proposition as agreed
upon it was decided to issue to Berteling,
Ellert and Lackmann 76.V00 shares more,
at 25 cents per share, or half the par
value — the valuation that had been placed
upon the first itsue of 168,500 shares. In
payment lor these shares Berteling, Ellert
and Lackmann gave promissory notes,
which, they claim, can be collected upon
any time that the company needs the
money for furtaer increase in the plant.
"On June 3 William T. Hess, the attor
ney, cunc to see me and stated that Os
car T. Weber had requested him to tell
me that they. would give me $5000 for my
stock in the Continental Salt and Chem
ical Company and would also take up my
note and that Weber had said that if I
took that everything would be all right,
but if not, then they would bring suit
agrainst Berteling, Ellert and myself. He
had alEO stated to Mr. Hess that it would
look pretty bad tor the Sheriff to be mixed
up in a lawsuit and had said that I could
not afford it on account of being in pol
itics.
Would Be Bad for the Sheriff.
"Weber and Coward were the promoters
in the organization of the corporation.
They interested Berteling and Eilert, and
as a friend of theirs I went into the propo
sition also. Weber had it planned out
that he was to he secretary with no work
to do but draw a salary of $100 per month.
We ¦would not have it that way. and con
sequently he har. been a constant source
of trouble.
Sheriff Lackmjnn charges that the suit
of William T. Dingee, William G. Hen-
Bhaw and Oscar T. Weber against him
self, L. A. Berteling and L. R. Ellert for
$171,000 for damages for the alleged loot
ing of the Continental Salt and Chemical
Company, has behind it acts on the part
of Weber which border closely upon
blackmail. He asserts that Weber has at
tempted to secure advantages which he
could not get otherwise by playing upon
the Sheriff's fear that charges against
him. however unfounded, might hurt him
politically.
"The plaintiffs allege." Sheriff Lack
mann said yesterday, "that by irregular
transactions we have inflicted damage
upon them to t!;c amount of $171,000. Now,
as a matter of fart, tlie valuation placed
upon the rait works at Alvarado, which
we acquired of H. C. Coward, was but $20,
000. and that was four times its actual
value. We have spent more than $20,000
on a new' building and machinery, but
operations have not begun, and there
could not possibly have been such finan
cial damages inflicted upon the plaintiffs.
Among Salt Company
Stockholders.
Suit Reveals Bitter Strife
Lackmann Tells of Pe
culiar Messages
From Weber.
SHERIFF HINTS
OF BLACKMAIL
The Supreme Court yesterday affirmed
the judgment of the lower court, which
declared that G. W. Simpton, deceased,
was not guilty of perjury in his testimony
given in behalf of Nettie Craven at the'
Fair will trial.
"Witness Declared Innocent.
Southern Pacific Excursion Bates
From San Francisco All Over
the State.
On sale for Epworth Leaguers and
friends, July 12 to- August 15, fare and
third round trip. Stopovers everywhere.
"Watch announcements special . excursions
special days. Literature and rates, infor
mation bureaus and ticket offices, 613 Mar
ket street and Mechanics' Pavilion.
The many friends of John McDermott
will be pleased to hear that he has been
made chief clerk of the Palace Hotel.
"Mac," as he Is more popularly known,
has been a clerk of the hotel for the last
ten years and is very popular. He la
known from one end of the United States
to the other. Although In his many years
of service he has met tens of thousands
of visitors, he never forgets either a name
or a face. He can recognize a guest after
the visitor has been away several years,
and can place the date when he was last
staying at the hotel. "Mac" was born in
San Francisco and is a graduate of St.
Ignatius College.
"Mac" Chief Clerk at Palace.
Mrs. L. H. Levy of Fresno Is visiting
her mother. Mrs. Pechner, 2329 Post street.
Miss Laura Northup has gone to Mark
West Springs for a three weeks' stay.
Richard A. Lucchesl has returned after
a visit to friends in San Jose, Ben Lo
mond and Sonoma County.
Mrs. J. L. Radovlch and her -daughter,
Miss Bertha Radovich, who for the past
few weeks had been visiting in Sah Ra
fael, are ¦ now the guests of friends in
Western Nevada. Later they go to Lake
Tahoe, where they will remain for the
rest of the summer. Mr. Radovich will
join them at the lake.
MI3S "Rosaline Levy Is spending the sum
mer in San Anselmo, the guest of Miss
Addle de Luca.
Mrs. M. Parollni Is spending her vaca
tion near "Redwood Retreat," in the
Santa Cruz Mountains.
Mrs. May F. Moyce gave a reception
Thursday afternoon, July 11, at her resi
dence. 1223 Broadway, to the' officers and
members of James A. Garfield Relief
Corps No. 21, W. R. C. An orchestra seat
ed behind a screen of ferns and flowers in
the hallway played delightfully while re
freshments were being served. Those who
assisted the- hostess in receiving the
guests were: Mrs. M. J. Jones, Mrs. C.
Dlbblee, Mrs. T. E. MacGowan, Mrs. A.
Ehle, Mrs. N. Sabins, Mrs. Dora H.
"Wilkins, Miss M. White and Bliss Sadie
Moyce.
On Saturday, July 13, a surprise party
was given to Mrs. A. C. Kull at her new
home. 1370 Eleventh avenue. Sunset dis
trict, by Yosemite Parlor No. 83, N. D. G.
W. Refreshments were served. and danc
ing was kept up until a late hour. Among
those present were: Mr. and Mrs. Regan,
Mr. and Mrs. Hennlng, Mr. and Sirs.
Schenk, Mrs. Kalthoff, B. Kalthoff. Miss
Conn, Miss Butts, Miss Blumenthal, Mrs.
Sullivan, Miss G. Sullivan, Miss Daley,
Mrs. Loroch, Mrs. Lambert, Mr. and Mrs.
Jeffrey, Alva Jeffrey, Mr. and Mrs.
Thomas, Miss M. Thomas, Mr. and Mrs.
T>. \V. Saylor, Mr. and Mrs. J. H. Brook,
Mr. and Mrs. Barron, Miss E. Barron, G.
Barron, J. Dern, Mrs. Scarpa, C. Dowling,
W. Sullivan, C. Williamson, Mrs. L. B.
Martin, Miss E. Martin, Miss I. Kull, Miss
C. Kull, D. Kull, A. Kull.
Last week Miss Helen Wagner gave a
pretty but quiet dinner at the University
Club In honor of Mr. Havemeyer of New
York.
The Society of Old Friends will hold a
special meeting in Old Friends* Hall on
Thursday night, July 18. Officers will be
Installed and there will be a splendid lit
erary and musical programme. .
The next regular swim of the Liberty
Swimming Club will be held Monday even
ing, July 22, at the Lurline Baths.
Mr. and Mrs. J. C. Downey of East Oak
land have gone to Catalina.
After spending some time at Angels
Camp,' Calaveras County, and Ben Lo
mond, Santa Cruz County, Samuel Adel
stein is spending the remainder, of his va
cation in the Lake Tahoe region.
EVENTS IN SOCIETY
The announcement that appeared exclu
sively In The Call, yesterday that the
Southern Pacific Company would Institute
injunction proceedings against the local
ticket brokers or "scalpers", to restrain
them from selling Epworth League tickets
caused a great sensation In railroad
circles. The representatives of the law de
partment of the Southern Pacific filed the
papers • yesterday morning and shortly
afterward Judge F. H. Dunne issued a
temporary injunction restraining all
ticket brokers from, selling Epworth
Leagne tickets. .
A. Ottinger, who is really the only
broker who will make a fight in the case,
was served with the injunction about 2
o'clock yesterday. afternoon and then his
troubles began. Ottinger says that he
will still continue to sell tickets and that
he intends to fight the case. His first
move will be to get the injunction dis
solved. He rang up Judge John Garber
over the telephone and requested him to
take charge of the suit. Garber replied
that his connections, with the Southern
Pacific Company were close and that he
could not give Ottinger the benefit of his
services. It is more than probable that
Garret McEnerney will take the case for
Ottinger.
As soon as Judge Dunne had issued the
injunction ho assigned the case to Judge
Murasky's court and arguments to set
aside the restraining order will probably
come up on Thursday.
Attorney Walker of the Southern Pacific
law department, who is handling the
case for . the corporation, yesterday
said that he is confident the in
junction will be rcade perpetual. The
Supreme Court has decided similar actions
in favor of the railroad companies on sev
eral occasions. He claims that a person
who buys a railroad ticket at a scalper's
office and boards a train to ride on a
ticket representing himself . as some one
else is performing an illegal act. He
said yesterday that last year the same
case came up at Nashville, Tenn., over
excursion tickets and that a perpetual in
junction was granted.
Agent Ottinger Intends to
Fight the Case Through -
the Courts.' *
Injunction Proceedings
Are Brought Against
the Brokers.
RAILROAD GOES
AFTER SCALPERS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.; WEDNESDAY, JULY 17; 1901..
Reports received late last night from
the bedside of Police Captain Spillane
were of an encouraging character. The
captain was said by his physician to be
slowly Improving.
Captain Spillane Improving.
Verus cures piles or 550 reward. All up
to-date drujrplsts sell and guarantee It. *
As soon as the creditors of the woman
learned that she was about to bid them
good-by and go they notified the Chinese
Six Companies and that corporation laid
the matter before United States District
Attorney "Woodworth. The time for
Leone's deportation expired yesterday,
but Woodworth ordered her to> be held
in custody pending hearing on a felony
charge. If convicted and punished by im
prisonment she will be rearrested on the
expiration of her term of sentence and
will be deported to China on the confes
sion made by her to the bureau.
The Chinese Six Companies have inter
fered in the matter of the deportation of
Leong "Woon Ho, who surrendered herself
to the Chinese Bureau July 8. and thereby
hangs a tale.
It appears that the woman was the
keeper of a slave den on Sullivan alley
and that for two or three weeks prior to
her surrender she used her credit for all
it was worth, borrowing money from
friends and tradespeople .until she had
piled up an indebtedness amounting to
nearly $3000.
Then she caused a message to be con
veyed by a trusted Chinaman to Chinese
Inspector Gardner to the effect that she
was a slave and had been landed in this
country on perjured testimony as a native
born Callfornian. She added that she
was tired of the life of a slave and wished
to return to China, there to spend the
remainder of her days in some Christian
mission home or until a good Christian
husband could be found for her.
Dr. Gardner almost wept with Joy at
the prospect of snatching this yellow
brand from the burning and In accordance
with the plan proposed thy the pseudo
Magdalen© he descended upon the den
with a posse and rescued her. Leong
was then taken before United States
Court Commissioner Heacock and re
peated the message that she had sent to
the Chinese Bureau. She was thereupon
ordered deported to China at the expense
of the Government.
A Sly Chinese Woman
Poses as a Repentant
Magdalen.
TRIES TO BUNKO
HER CREDITORS
-The Golden Gate Kindergarten Free
Normal Training School will open July 22.
Application for admission may be made
at 221 Ninth street. ¦• ¦,.
Dolores Parlor No. 208. Native Sons of
the Golden West, celebrated Its nrst anni
versary with a "high Jinks" last Monday
evening at Mission Masonic Hall. It was
a highly enjoyable affair. Good cheer
and hospitality I were dispensed by the
members and the array of talent which
displayed their abilities added zest
to an evening of pleasure. District Deputy
Grand President J. Greely was in attend
ance, besides - many visiting members
from outside parlors. James E. Donahue
acted as toastmaster and the following
programme was presented:
¦ Opening remarks, Thomas E. Curran: selec
tions,. Brownie Banjo Quartet, Bert Roche,
George Emerton. Harry Rothmel, "Jack" Bur
ton; remarks. District Deputy Greely; bary
tone solo, Jarr.es E. Donahue; recitation, Mr.
Crowley; tenor solo, Thomas Sullivan; "Some
Hot Air." A. B. C Strauss;, whistling solo,
George Reid; isong, Daniel Leason; piano solo,
M. McDevitt; song, "Jack" Lettlch; Brani
gan's ; band . (bass » drum accompaniment),
"Billy" Delaney.
The following committees had the af
fair in charge:-
Entertainment— James E. Donahue. George
Emerton.. David M. Ahem, Harry Rothmel,
Harry Mahony. . - ¦ - .
Refreshments — Thomas E.' Curran, Dr. J. H.
Graves, Robert Walsh, De Guy Simpson.
Reception— John Zollver, Edward Copeland,
Edward Counlhan, Walter Smith.
"Unfair waiters"— Brothers Frank Bray, Wil
liam Doran, William McMahon. David Ahern,
George .Wintprs, Henry Reed, George Gerhardt.
DOLORES PARLOR HOLDS
SUCCESSFUL HIGH JINKS
Native Sons Fittingly Celebrate the
First Anniversary of Their
Organization.
• The bill was reported correctly enrolled
in the Assembly March 16. and was ap
proved by the Governor March 23.
The bill was given first reading in the
Senate March 8, and referred to the
Committee on Manufactures, of which
Corlett was the chairman and Taylor and
Burnett the other members. The com
mittee returned it with a favorable re
port March 11, and it was given second
reading. On third reading, March 13, it
was further, amended, the amendments
however, not affecting the general char
acter of the bill. One of the changes was
the I addition of the words which provide
that any honorably discharged soldier,
sailor or marine of the United States who
is unable to obtain a livelihood by man
ual labor shall have the right to peddle
without the imposition of a license tax.
The bill was read the third time in the
Senate March 13 at the night session and
passed by a vote of 24 to 2. The vote was
as follows:
Ayes— Belshaw, Bettman, Caldwell, Curtln
Cutter, Devlin. Flint. Goad, Hoey, Lardner
Lukens, Maggard, Oneal. Pace, Selvage, Short
rldge. SImnson, Sims, Smith of Los Angeles,
Taylor. Tyrrell of Nevada, Tyrrell of San Fran
cisco, Welch and Wolfe. . -
¦ Noes— Nelson and Nutt.
towns as well as counties.
The bill was read the third time March
7 and put upon its final passage. It was
passed by a vote, of 55 ayes, to 4 noes. The
vote was as follows:
"Ayes— Anderson of Santa Clara, Atherton,
Barnes, Bauer, Bennlck, Bliss, Brady, Brough
ton. Brown of San Francisco. Butler, Cavag
naro. Chiles. Clarke, Cowan. Collins, Cromwell.
Dunlap, Evatt. Feliz, Fisk, Foster, Franklin,
Gans, Greer, Guilfoyle, Haley, Hanen, Henry,
Irish, Irving', Johnson, Kelley, KIncald, Knight,
Knowland. Levinson. Macbeth, Mattos, McNeil,
Millce, Miller, Ralston, Ray. Reeber, Ruther
ford. Savage. Schleslnger, Sheridan, Simpson,
Stewart of Amador, Treadwell, "Walker, "Wil
liams, Wright and Mr. Speaker. ,
Noes— Chandler, McLoughlin, Melick and Rob- '
erts.
MEN WHO ARE RESPONSIBLE
FOR THE TROUBLESOME LI
CENSE LAW. ¦
The fact is clearly established that' the
Kelley amendment or new section was not
proposed to avert prohibition, as the Su
preme Court had fully passed on ¦ that
point. Everything points directly . to the
conclusion that the scheme was concocted
and put through the Legislature to - divest
Boards of Supervisors and. municipal gov
erning bodies of the power. to impose any
license for revenue.- Perhaps the framers
had in mind the lucrative business now
under way, for it seems a sure. thing that
the lawyers, with the law fixed,- have a
mortal : cinch to win.- It is no wonder,
therefore, that the solicitor of legal busi
ness allows the saloon-keeper .to insert
this provision in the agreement: -v.-
: It being distinctly. understood and agreed that
I advance nothing for costs or' counsel fees and
in no way become liable therefor;' unless said
No Licenses for Revenue.
In another of the Merced cases (Helm
& Nolan respondents) the Supreme. Court
declared that under the provisions of the
county government act giving power to
license for the purposes of regulation and
revenue all and every kind of business' not
prohibited by law prohibition cannot be
effected, and the very terms of the power
preclude the exercise to such an extent as
to prevent the carrying on of the business.
The power to license and regulate the sale of
liquors for the purposes of revenue is distinct
from the power to prohibit such sales, and an
ordinance which ! in terms proceeds . under the
power to regulate and to impose a license tax,
but in its effect amounts to an exercise of the
power of prohibition, cannot be upheld.
In one of the Merced cases decided by
the Supreme Court January 21, 1896, it
was declared that: . . •¦ .
The authority of the Board of Trustees to
Impose fees for the purpose of revenue does not
warrant their being made ¦ so heavy as to be
prohibitory.
In ex parte J. E. Haskell on habeas
corpus, April 14, 189G, the Supreme Court
held:
Justice Harrison , wrote the opinion.
Justices De Haven, Fitzgerald, Van Fleet
and Chief Justice Beatty concurred. -
We are clearly of the opinion that the ordi
nance of the Board of Supervisors of Kings
County is inoperative within the- city of Han
ford, and that the petitioner Is illegally-re
strained of his liberty and must be ' discharged,
and It Is so ordered. . .».-...;
By the organization of , a . city within the
boundaries of a county the territory thus organ
ized is withdrawn from the legislative control
of the county upon the designated subjects, /and
is placed under the legislative control of its own
council. [.-..:, :";.'•
' The petitioner .was released from arrest,
the court holding: . • . -
The petitioner is held by the Sheriff of Kings
County under a warrant of arrest issued by a
Justice of the Peace of Lucerne Township in
that county, upon a complaint charging him
with having sold at his saloon in the city of
Hanford certain intoxicating liquors, in viola
tion of an ordinance of the Board of Supervis
ors of Kings County. The ordinance which the
petitioner is charged with violating is entitled,
"An ordinance for the purpose of regulation, re
lating to saloons and other places where intox
icating liquors are sold." The city of Hanford
is a municipal corporation of.- the sixth, class,
organized under the municipal government act
of April 13, 18S3, and had prior to August 13, 18S4.
passed an ordinance providing for the issuance
of licenses for the sale of intoxicating liquors.
The petitioner had complied with the.provis
ions of this ordinance, and had received • from
the city "of Hanford a license to carry on the
business of retailing liquor within that city.
It is contended on the part of the ' petitioner
that he is illegally held, for the reason that
the Supervisors of Kings County are without
any police authority within the city of .Hanford;
that the ordinance passed by that body under
which he was arrested is limited in its opera
tion to those portions of the county not Includ
ed within the boundaries of any municipality
therein.
Important Supreme Court Rulings.
• The Supremo Court in its decision de
clared: .
A Kings County case decided by the Su
preme Court September 29, 1894, is .relied
upon to sustain the lawyers who are can
vassing for agreements. In the matter of
William- M. Roach on habeas corpus, the
court ruled: >.
Significant words in the new law are
these: "And for the purpose of regulation
as herein provided AND NOT OTHER
WISE, shall have power to license," etc.
When the law as "jokered" is read in
connection with Supreme Court decisions
one can see why attorneys agree to
charge nothing if they fail to win in the
courts.
Joker in th« New Law.
The law as It stood before Governor
Gage appended his signature to Assembly
man Kelley's bill,- gave ; the Supervisors
power to license for the purpose of REG
ULATION AND REVENUE, but In the
new law REVENUE was not Inserted. In
Power of Supervisors Curtailed.
Amended in Senate March 11, 190L
Amended in Assembly March 6, 1901.
Assembly Bill. • ¦¦¦'., No. ¦ 458.
INTRODUCED BY MR. KELL.ET.
January 24. 1901.
Referred to Committee. on County and
Township Governments. ¦
-AN ACT
To Add a New Section to the Political
Code of the State of California, to be
Known as Section (3366), Relating" to
the Powers of Boards of Supervisors,
City Councils 'and Town Trustees -In
their Respective Counties. Cities and
Towns, and to Impose a License Tax.
The People of the State of ¦ California,
represented in Senate and Assembly,
do enact as follows: - ..¦¦
Section I. • There is hereby added to
the Political Code of the. State of Cali
fornia a new section, to be known as
section [three thousand three hundred
and slxty-slx. which shall read as fol
lows:] " ..-.••
[Section S366. Boards of supervisors of
counties of the State, .and the legisla
tive.-bodies of the incorporated cities
and towns therein, shall, in the exer
cise of their police powers (and for the
purpose of REGULATION, as HERE
IN PROVIDED. AND -NOT OTHER
WISE), have power, to license all and
every kind of business not prohibited by
law. ' and transacted ' . and carried S on
within the limits- of their respective
jurisdictions, and all shows, exhibitions
and lawful games carried on therein,
to fix the rates of license tax upon the
Fame, and to provide for the collection
of the same by suit or otherwise; pro
vided, that every honorably discharged
soldier, sailor or marine of the United
States, who is unable to obtain a live
lihood by manual labor, shall have the
right to hawk, peddle ¦ and vend any
poods, wares or merchandise, except
spirituous, malt, vinous or other in
toxicating liquor without payment of
any licence, tax or fee • whatsoever,
whether municipal, county or State, and
the Board of Supervisors or legisla
tive body shall Issue to such soldier,
sailor or marine, without cost, a license
therefor]; provided, however, no license
can be collected, or any penalty for 'the
non-payment thereof enforced against
any commercial traveler whose business
Is limited to the goods, wares and mer
chandise sold or dealt in In this State at
wholesale. •
Sec 2. This act shall take effect im
mediately.
Legislature Passes and Governor Gage Approves Law Divesting
County and Township Authorities of Power to Impose Retail
Liquor Licenses for Revenue— History of; Assembly Bill No. 456
JOKER IN THE KELLEY-TAYLOR
LICENSE REGULATING SCHEME
To license for the purposes of REG
ULATION AND REVENUE all and
every kind of business not prohibited by
law, and transacted and carried on In
such county, and all shows, exhibitions
and lawful games carried on therein; to
fix the rate of license tax upon the same
and to provide for the collection of the
Bame by suit or otherwise; provided, that
every honorably discharged soldier, sail
or or marine of the United States, who
is unable to obtain a livelihood by
manual labor, shall have the right to
hawk, peddle and vend any goods,
wares or merchandise, except spiritu
ous, malt, vinous or other intoxicating
liquor, without payment of any license
tax or fee whatsoever, whether mu-
Assembly bill 456 was introduced Janu
ary 24 by Kelley and was sent to the
printer. January 28 it was reported from
printer and sent to the Committee on
County and Township Government, of
which McWade of Alameda County was
chairman. February 8 it was reported
from committee with \ recommendation
that it do pass. It -was read a second
time March 2. March 6 it was called up
out of order by Cowan for the purpose
of amendment. Seven amendments were
adopted, the most important of which
made the act applicable to cities and
History of the Bill.
14
H «B^ rat m^S maA
H f*y A \a A 1 EH "/gfbh. m
M E? « as) 1 Esb3 » B
BUTTER— EXTRA SALE THIS TVEEK.
GOLD DUST ET:i-^ I5C
SALAD OIL ¦«£= l5 °
DA VI I Baking Powder. Pound 07 1a
nUTAL «n d/jjc
JESSE MOOBEWt 1 «&- 65c
HORSE SHOE «S 55C
II 1 1 II TO Port, Sherry, Zlnfan-<p| f\(\
WINES %jjgsas£ Sl'00
GHIRARDELLI'S !?E!§§23G
UNCQLORED £S°S5c
LegT. Usually 60c.
MASON JARS AT CUT PRICES.
Issued "Weekly— Extra List of Specials
at Store.
119 TAYLOR STREET.
•Phor© Howard 102L
During this month our cus-
tomers will find Extraor-
flinaru Values in all our
departments. '
SPECIALS FOR THIS WEEK:
175 pairs TAPESTRY PORTIERES } 8 cLlf repent color-
Ings, wltli handsome Knotted Fringes top and
hottom j are all full length and width,
Price $2.75 pair.
5 cases' WHITE ENGLISH MARSEILLES BED-
SPREADS for rull-slze leds. Then come In 8
different designs and are all hemmed.
Price S3.5O each.
300 pairs LACE CURTAINS In Colonial Net, Fish Net
and Saxonn Net stnles, hotn white and ecru, wltn
fast lockstitch edges. Price $3.00 pair.
EXTRA SPECIAL.
We will have on display all this week ahout 250
pairs EXTRA FINE GOLDEN FLEECE WHITE
BLANKETS, (Made expressln ror us hg the
Golden Gate Mills, this cltp.) These Blankets are
. for single, three-auarter and douhle heds and
also some extra large sizes. The prices are from
$7.00 to $15.00 per pair and are the
finest goods ever shown hu. us. ._,
111. 113, 115. 117. 119. 121 POST STREET. [
•PSa ¦ CHICHKTER'S ENGLISH
f EHNYROYAL PILLS
yjL^Com»arisof
between a candle and an arc
light, neither is there any
comparison between the or-
dinary glasses and those
/made by the Standard Opti-
cal Company. Our glasses
are made according to the
highest development of knowledge
qf the eye and its varied require
meats. That is the reason they
never fail to'give perfect satisfactbn.
1 5JTAKDiBP0PTJ©L€a
H7Keame&i~ .3* fiance
: J^^fe Semiannual .
'^•Ci'+^K* \ \ I \ \ i itrf '•t^fiC^s I y e™ z*9 Tt *J 111 t^ *o ¦ /j I
W \' %t' 3 [ 'J i^c* ifa/ u Ihw/ LX i U 1 1 \ 4 \j k J lR m a
JPD™fL fSI/^^W^ Special Bargains
I^^H in Ev ? ry De P artment -
/Milwfvvffli^m Handsome Bedroom Suits— Bras3
i^E^^Sffl ' Beds, Separate Bureaus, Chiffoniers,
WliS^m Fancy Rockers. Folding Beds and
3/ other household goods which you
rfor£^= | ¥ •" :^§&J32i^ JS*^ can secure at prices never before of-
Don't Miss This Cpporttmity.
Special Discounts from 10 to 40 per cent for cash.
THE MONEY-SAVING FURNITURE AND CARPET HOUSE.
Cash or Credit.
KRAGEN FURNITURE CO^Si^
CT- RvSj St-TTnMfc J9 fto {ft
ni B 1 m KiH SI Ksi sTaS
[mom
¦ This Great Train
I A " D runs but twice
a per weok during
(THURSDAY tt "°r
M THF Leaving at 9 am.
M it trriro in
j LI HI 1 1 LU its blgH stutfartf <
d service Is
S 0" ¦ tally maintained.
hum fe
ADVERTISEMENTS.