PRICE FIVE CENTS.
* SENSATION marked yester-
J^ day's deliberations of the
/ t& House of Deputies. This con-
' sisted in the main of the re-
JL JsaL consideration of the vote on
and the defeat of the amend
ment, adopted on Monday last, permitting
Prelates Discuss Mat
rimony and Sepa
ration.
Former Vote Changed
by Deputies of
Nebraska.
HUNTINGTON
AMENDMENT
IS BEATEN
PRAYING, singing or listening
to the exhortations of leading
prelates of the Episcopal
churches cf two countries, a
vast crowd gathered in the
Mechanics' Pavilion last night
tor whet \u25a0was the greatest missionary
Enthusiasm at High
Pitch as Speakers
Proceed.
Famous Divines Ex
hort People to
Contribute.
STIRRING
ADDRESSES
BY BISHOPS
THOUSANDS MEET IN THE PAVILION
TO HELP THE MISSIONARY CAUSE
Lieutenant Killed in a Duel.
J VIENNA, Oct. 8.— Lieutenant *Benno
Soyka of the Hussars has been killed In a
duel 'with pistols with Ernest Lowenfeidl,
a manufacturer. . - . . ,
I SAN RAFAEL, Oct. 8.— In the Superior
Court to-day in the case of J. B. Seeley,
a School Trustee of Tiburon, who was
charged with accepting a bribe, Judge
Lawler, sustained the demurrer, and . the
defendant was discharged. An appeal will
be made.
Trustee Seeley Goes Free.
The Fleming brothers assert that from
the ' bottom of the canyon to the surface
the outcroppings of ore will run from $5
to $1000 to the ton! They estimate the
amount of gold in sight at the enormous
sum of $7,000,000.
The , Tucson Star Is authority for the
statement that the story told by the
Fleming brothers is authentic and that it
has verified the facts as here given. If
the find turns out as rich as the report
brought by the two prospectors seem to
indicate it will be one of the greatest gold
discoveries ever made In Arizona.
TUCSON,; Ariz., Oct. 8.— Charles R. and
Porter W. Fleming of thi3 place arrived
here this j afternoon from the Galluro
Mountains with a report of a remarkable
gold discovery. The find Is located sev
enty miles north of Tucson, and the vein
of ore, according to, the Flemings, is 200
feet wide and 6000 feet in length. A can
yon cuts, through the vein for. 200 feet, ex
posing the ore on either side the entire
length of the cut. i
Tucson Prospectors Return From Gal
luro Mountains With a Re
markable Story.
MILLIONS OF. DOLLARS
IN ONE VEIN OF ORE
He ends the Instrument by directing his
executors, A. L. Levinsky and Henry
Eshbach, to take his remains' to San
Francisco, and, after having them cre
mated, to take the ashes to the top of
some tall building in 'that city and scat
ter them to the winds. He wishes, how
ever, that they take care that the wind
is not blowing toward Stockton. The ex
ecutors will carry out his wishes and the
body will be Incinerated at Odd Fellows'
Crematory to-morrow and later thrown
to the • breezes which sweep over the
metropolis.
relatives, some of whom reside in San
Francisco.
plause . when introduced. His eloquent
conclusion provoked • a double apprecia
tion. He said in part:
I am sure that every one within sound of
my voice will Join In congratulating my
brother, the Bishop of California, in the suc
cess of this great meeting. One thing he has
forgotten, a megaphone, but fortunately for
you it will constrain the speakers to be very
brief.
The remarkable change In the relations of
the United States to the Far East have led
men to look to the relations of Christianity to
other religions. We must recognize that sit
uation. No one who knows pagan lands can
be Insensible to the fact that In the books of
these old religions there is something of good.
Our Anglo-Saxon Christianity has a message
to the pagan world that no other Christianity
ever has had. The triumph is that God has
given to Anglo-Saxon Christianity a distinct
adaptability of turning civilizations of
heathendom to a civilization of the Anglo-
Saxon.
I wonder If you know how It touches our
imagination when we come here and look out
through the beautiful Golden Gate and far
over the waters and think of that distant land
—that land where the work Is to be done, work
which in Its results Is far .more golden than all
the wealth of your glorious land. "I will make
a man more precious than gold," the lines
read. \u25a0 .
May God so order that out of your Golden
Gate there shall pour \u25a0 the stream of i some
thing more precious than gold, that shall re
generate that pagan world ' to j the glory of
God and the upbuilding of his kingdom among
men,
BISHOP OF KYOTO SAYS
V GOD'S PEOPLE ABE ONE
The Bishop of Kyoto spoke eloquently
on the living reality of missionary work.
He said: .
My only claim upon your attention is that I
am a witness bearer, that I share In that work
Love to God and ' fellow man ' will knit to
gether every nation la the world. There is no
Christianity -' without ,' both ; of them. . There
Then let's hear no more that . foreign • mis
sfons are not paying. Christianity has power
to bring knowledge of God into all parts of the
world. • .
beyond the sea. Our religion la there a holy
light in a realm of darkness. They are In
darkness as . to . themselves and '. as to those
around about them. For the salvation of the
entire man the missionary brings the light to
the man, educates' him, \ teaches him \u25a0 that un
derneath the canopy of heaven God's people
are one. This, religion of ours comes to the
people of the East as the religion of humility.
Into that land you go 'and bring the religion
that dignifies labor, and when the conflict of
your religion and Oriental religion Is brought
about the strong and powerful must wipe out
the other. They have nothing in common.
REQTTICKENED FAITH
NECESSARY FOR ALL
The last speaker, Burton Mansfleld, said
In substance: " •-
Somebody has seen fit to say ' that deficit in
this church of ours marks a crisis In its mlsf
slonary work. It is lack of motive .p6wer,
lack of faith In God and In the plan which
he has to redeem the world. It comes largely
from selfish motives." It comes because we as
men \u25a0 demand scientific i proof and hide under
the shadow . of evolution. God himself has a
plan of evolution.
The world moves and the church must move
with it. We mark time too muoh. This church
Is losing too much time. "We need a re
qulckened faith In this missionary cajse. In
troduce It . Into your dally lives, fcon't \u25a0 be
ashamed to be called Christians. We must get
rid of these theological dogmas and must
transmit the dogma of love, that which Jesus
Christ brought on earth, j Christianity Isn't for
us exclusively.. Christianity Is for the world.
If it isn't for the, world It is a dream and an
idle fancy. \u25a0 .
must be a dual character to this Christianity of
ours. It is our business, the layman's busi
ness, to Impart this Christianity. It is our
duty to send or go. It Is men or means. The
time is long since past that we be put upon the
defensive. There Is no church unless there are
missions. ,-.\u25a0•••
.The services concluded with an anthem
and the , offertory.
POTTR LIVES ARE LOST
IN. A RAILROAD WRECK
Freight Train Crashes Into a Light
Engine at Crossing of
Tracks.
. UTICA. N. Y., Oct. 8.— A wreck on the
New York Central and. Hudson River
Railroad occurred early to-day, in the vil
lage of Oriskan.'New York, seven miles
west of this city. Four railroad men were
killed. They are:
SPENCER SHANNON, engineer.
GEORGE PALMERTON, fireman..
' WILLIAM WIRE, brakeman.
ARGYLE SMITH, fireman. .
~ An east-bound freight train collided
with a . light engine which . was crossing
from track 3 to track 4, thus. causing the
wreck.
WILI.S THAT HIS ASHES
,BE GIVEN TO THE WrNTS
Charles Levy, However, Places . Ban
Against Any Breeze That Blows \u25a0
. toward Stockton;
STOCKTON, Oct. 8.— Charles Levy, ... a
pioneer resident of ' this city, died this
morning at St. Joseph's Home. Levy was
an eccentric character, who made his for
tune in' the early, days by carrying a ped
dler's, pack, and'who has' since enjoyed It
in bachelor life. His will, which was filed
this afternoon, divides his property, among
- In the evening a mass missionary meet
ing was held in Mechanics' Pavilion, ad
dresses being made by distinguished pre
lates. — , v— ; >\u25a0
The Woman's Auxiliary and the Daugh
ters of the King held business sessions
and elected officers.
The House of Deputies in the afternoon
session did not accept the amendment by
which new dioceses may be formed un
der certain conditions. The chief objec
tion to the amendment was that It took
the power of forming new dioceses out of
the hands of the General Convention.
The report of the joint commission on
the marginal readings on the Scriptures
was presented and accepted, similar ac
tion having been previously taken by the
House of Bishops.
The House of Bishops discussed the sub
ject, of marriage and divorce, but took
no action. They will vote on this im
portant question this morning. News of
the death of the venerable Bishop Burgee
of Quincy was received with sorrow. A
telegram of sympathy was sent to a
daughter of the deceased. Nominations
to fill the Bishopric of Olympia and North
Dakota were made and a vote will prob
ably be taken to-day.
The changed vote upon reconsideration
did not comprise all of the sensation. It
developed that the secretary had made a
mistake in recording Monday's vote and
that the amendment was really defeated
on that day instead of being adopted.
Monday's vote on the amendment was
extremely close. One diocese could sway
the balance either way. When the secre
tary concluded reading the mlnute3 yes
terday morning Rev. Dr. Williams of Ne
braska claimed that the vote of his dio
cese had been wrongfully recorded; that
instead of voting for the measure, aa
stated by the secretary, the clerical and
lay delegates of that diocese voted against
It. There- was a deal of discussion over
the move to change the vote and after
motion upon motion had been made, laid
on the table, carried or defeated, a second
vote was taken, with the result that the
amendment was defeated.
The House of Deputies and House of
Bishops met as a Board of Missions and
received a distinguished deputation from
the Synod of Canada. The Lord Bishop
of Columbia and others delivered ad
dresses. \
recognition of forms of worship of con
gregations not in union \u25a0with the Epis
copal church. The amendment was
fathered by the Rev. William Reed Hunt
ington, D.O., rector of Grace Church. New-
York. . . \u25a0
UP MISSIONARY WORK
In substance the Lord Bishop of New
castle said:
I shall plunge into my subject. First of all.
what Is our object In the mission work? It
means that our Master has charged us to bring
the mesnage of Jesus Christ to everybody in this
world. It means that we are to found a
branch of that society which he himself
founded.
We are told that it Is the rood pleasure of
God to make known on earth the manifold
wisdom of God through the church. I We all
have our contributions to make. Aa the reli
gion of Christ Is made known, so Is God's
wisdom made known.
I find a passage in which my Master by his
crucifixion and resurrection spread a gospel
which should teach all mankind. I find a paa
eagre which says: "Lo, I am with you alway,
even unto the end of the world." I find alBO
"Go, make disciples of all people of the
earth." We are determined to make known
this salvation and plant in^every country the
societies our Master directed.
There are four methods of doing; this. First,
the evangelistic, and when I sp«ak of evangel
istic work I want to ask your sympathy and
admiration, for the work is severe and trying.
Secondly, the educational. If this world Is
V> be won to Christ it I* not to 'be won by
Americana anl- English alone. The Chinese
and all others must be enlisted and all that
Is best of the native must be brought Into the
ranks. Missions must be undertaken by the
natives themselves.
Thirdly, the^medlcal. This Is a branch that
has not always had Justice done to it. , '
Fourthly, the magnetic. I mean that besides
the evangelistic, the educational and the.medi
cal work "there is still another Important as
pect. It la that the society should attract the
Individual. The influence of the individual
must be followed by the Influence of the so
ciety. It Un't always the Influence of the
society. This missionary work Isn't simply to
bo done abroad, not depending alone on our
work here. They are dependent upon one
another. I a«k that this gathering to-night
should express what our missionary work la in
the heart and soul.
REGENERATING STREAM
THBOUGH GOLDEN GATE
Bishop Potter received hearty . ap-
as to War," played by the Third Artillery
band and sung by choirs and audience,
was the rhythmic hymn that filled the
spacious hall as the choirs marched in
and took their seats. The reading of the
Lord's Prayer by Bishop Doane and fur
ther hymnal singing was a prelude to the
addresses, the first of which was by the
distinguished English Bishop, introduced
by Bishop Doane.
ELEMENTS THAT MAKE
rally in the history of church affairs on
this coast. The gathering \u25a0was Just a
part and parcel of the big Episcopal
convention programme, but it was a sig
nal religious affair and one that will not
easily bo effaced from the memory of
those who attended.
At one and the same time were fath
ered on the same platform the Bishops
end minor clergymen of the Episcopalian
denomination who have made the pulpits
of, England and America resound with
their eloquence. And at least three world
famous Bishops took part in this public
missionary meeting. The Right Rev
erend Lord Bishop of Newcastle, the rep
resentative of the Archbishop of Canter
bury it the present convention; BIfhop
Potter of New York and the Bishop of
Kyoto were heard from an Improvised
pulpit and their words carried over row
after row of people only to be lost in
the distant rafters ar.d great epaccs of
tlie pavilion. The church restriction to
applause was removed and all the speak
er* received round after round of hand-
Clappln? during and at the conclusion of
their addresses.
FAMOUS PRELATES
ON" THE PLATFORM
To Bishop Doane was entrusted the
work of direction. Under his leadership
the prayers were read. Wallace Babin
conducted the hymnal music of band and
choirs, of which there were nine from
the various Episcopal churches of Ban
Francisco. Choir boys and young women
and young men, dressed in the surplice.
Eat in parallel rows on each side of the
extended platform— the game that was
not long since crowded with civic and
military authorities brought U.£ether to
pay devotional' respects to the memory
of a dead a President. With the united
choirs was the concourse of people,
standing, singing, praying.
Of the four speakers of the evening
three were prelates and one lay. The
Lord Bishop of Newcastle, logical, concise
and analytic, gave a careful exposition of
his subject. Then came Bishop Potter,
sure o'f himself and dignified, wasting not
a word and closing his address with a fine
bit of imaginative word/ painting. He was
followed by the earnest, fervent Bishop
Partridge, who is fresh from missionary
work in the Orient. Burton Mansfleld, the
lay speaker of the evening, was the last
on the programme, and he concluded with
a call for help, financial and spiritual.
"Onward, Christian Soldier, Marching
FFZOCRAMME MAF>F*ED OUT FOR TO-DAY.
7 HE following. is the programme- for the Episcopal Convention to-day:
io a. 9 in. — House of Bishops meets in executive session at Trprity Church.
jo a. in. — House of Deputies resumes' sitting in Trinity Church'. '."
Noon— Trip to park and Ocean Beach' by Daughters of the King, as guests of the local
societies.
8 p. m. — Meeting of Girls'. Friendly Society, St. Luke's Church. .
o p. m. — Reception to Bishops, clerical and lay deputies at Hopkins: Institute of Art, Califor
nia and Mason'' streets. . . . . \u25a0
BIG MISSIONARY MASS-MEETING IS HELD IN, MECHANICS' PAVILION AND ADDRESSES ARE DELIVERED BY PROMINENT BISHOPS.
VOLUME XC-NO. 131.
SAN FRANCISCO, WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 9, 1901.
The San Francisco Call.BISHOPS OF EPISCOPAL CHURCH WHO ARE LEADERS IN MISSIONARY WORK.
ST. STEPHEN'S COLLECE ALUMNI HOLD PLEASANT REUNION.
7 HE alumni of St. Stephen's College, Annandale, N. % held a reunion dinner at the Occidental Hotel last evenine The guests
\u25a0were nearly all delegates to the •convention now in session at Trinity Church.
, The Bishop of Springfield, who is the founder of the college, was. the honored guest. -The Bishop of Kentucky chancellor of
the University of the South, also sat at the head of the table. The evening zvas spent in recalling the happy hours enjoyed within the
walls of the famous institution of learning. " J •.
Among the guests who were seated at the banquet board were: The Rev. L. T. Cole, D. D., president of the college- the Rev
Dr. Carey of Saratoga Springs, N. Y., the oldest alumnus; the Rev. Dr. Lillima^ of Albany, the Rev. Dr Davenport the\ Rev Dr
Sterling, the Rev. Dr. Denniti, the Rev. Dr. Curzon, the Rev. Dr. Kramer, the Rev. Dr. Drane and William 0 Hopson ' '
Continued on Page Three.
A message was received from the House
of. Bishops that it had adopted a resolu
tion providing ; for the appointment of a
commission, consisting of two Bishops
two presbyters and two laymen, to pre
pare a version of the prayer book in the
Swedish language and to report at the
next General Convention, andthat it had
A deputy objected, and under the rule
the chair decided that the house should
proceed with the regular order of. busi
ness. \u25a0
The Rev. Dr. Fulton of Pennsylvania
asked if it was in order to move the re-
Consideration of the vote.
d€sir O e U d ght t0 haVe hls vote re corded as he
re e^S in S g ho^d m o? S c ;rr 0 ecte a d nd
e^r^thl^sT 2?" wts S%8Zt? t
the new developments. He said-
s^s h b °u u t 8 !
The chairman— That is true
t v Dr - Huntington— Does the secretary bear out
the statement that it was error?
kJruf^^^T 1 ", 110 de P uta «on from Nebras
\»a t I at thelr - v °te is recorded in error
Dr £™ e tln£t reaS £ n tO d0ubt what they say
ur - Huntington— No one. sir can hav« anv
reason to doubt what they say. There can
™, onl J n £ d ? cIsl ° n ot this question/ The
vote of Nebraska should be recorded as the
ftTcordeV^ 8 £ W&S thelr to'have
The secretary— The secretary would say that
h « »» always experiencing the difficulty which
the deputies sometimes experience; the difficul
ty of not hearing in this house distinctly The
deputation from Nebraska requested that tht
names of the deputation should be called ThI
secretary understood, but it seems misunder!
stood, the response to be as follows reading
the vote as recorded in the minutes):
The roll of the Nebraska deputation was
then, on motion, recalled with a view^o
ascertaining wherein the secretary had
erred in recording the vote. It appeared
that Rev. Dr. Marsh and Rev. Dr* Moore
who were recorded as voting aye, really
voted no This changed the result of the
whole vote, and on motion of Rev Dr
Brown the minutes were corrected to con
°™ to Vjf/Il 1 VQte of the deputation,
showing that the resolution, which had
been debated at great length for. two days
a^Tr, a n I l n h Un^ ed ?. n yeste^ay by the chair
man as having been adopted, was lost.
VOTE ON A1HENDMENT :-">.
IS RECOSrSIDEBED
, <^ he i s e°r et ,ary then read the corrected
vote in detail as follows:
\u25a0 Ayes-Clerical, 29; lay. 35. Noes-Clerical,
17; lay, 14. Divided— Clerical. 13; lay, 5.
On motion of Lay Deputy Browne the
minutes as corrected; and amended were
approved.
Stops the Cough,
And works off the cold. Laxative Bromo
Quinine Tablets cure- a cold in one day. . No
Cure. • No Pay. Price 25 cents.- ....-•
Rev. Dr. Fulton said: I sincerely hoped that
after tho fullest discussion of yesterday no
cloud would be permitted to remain upon the
record of this house. I was struck with the
fine temper which prevailed during the de
bate. . I am perfectly clear on the point stated
by the deputy from Virginia that any delega
tion has an undoubted right to demand that the
record be corrected, so that it should corre
spond with the votes as given. I would de
precate that a change in the disposal of these
amendments I should be consequent upon that
correction. It should follow the unquestiona
ble action of the house. You are aware I was
opposed to the amendment and when these
minutes are recorded. I shall be on the side
of the majority and not on the minority as I
was yesterday.
By consent of my colleagues of Pennsyl
vania, clerical and lay, I shall move the re
consideration of this vote.
The Rev. Dr. Parks of New York
speaking to a question of privilege on be
half of Dr. Huntington, who was absent,
said he was satisfied the latter would not
want the vote to stand so long as its cor
rectness was in question. He was certain
Dr. Huntington would desire absolute cer
tainty and honesty, and that every dqp-
Mr. Stetson interrupted to say he did
not ask to have the vote changed, but to
have the vote to change the minutes post
poned until to-morrow morning.
REV. DR. FTJI/TOir ASKS
FOR A RECONTSIDERATIOir
Robert E. Withers of South Virginia re
spectfully submitted that Mr. Stetson was
not in order; that the only proposition
before the house was to correct that por
tion of the minutes which states that Ne
braska voted for -the amendment. Mr.
Stetson said:
It is not impracticable to change It at a sub
sequent meeting. • The object of reading the
minutes is to correct that report until it is con
firmed by the body and until then it is no re
port. Every delegation has a right to demand
the right to have its vote recorded as given.
This motion presents a question of the very
highest constitutional importance. A vital
change In the constitution of this chufch should
pe made only In accordance with the consti
tution.. It 1s of. the greatest importance that
a vote of this kind should be announced at
a subsequent session. I am not prepared to
announce, nor have I formed in my own mind
how this order should be decided. I therefore
move that the vote on this subject be taken
to-morrow morning. .
defeat, as there was a difference of one
vote.
Arthur S. Browne of Washington made
a motion to have the minutes corrected.
Lay Delegate Stetson of New York se
cured the attention of the convention and
said:
The. committee on the Prayer Book, to which
was referred the memorial of the diocese of
Milwaukee and the resolutions of the diocese of
Colorado asking that certain changes be made
ln the Prayer Book, respectfully reports that
it does not deem It proper to recommend any
change in the Prayer Book as to the name of
the church until the General Convention itself,
by formal action on its part, shall have made a
Dr. Hodges of Maryland, chairman of
the committee on prayer book, read a
number of reports on changes to be made
in the prayer book. The first report read
was not concurred in by the entire com
mittee. There being a minority, two re
ports were read. They are as follows:
The chairman of the committee on ex
penses reported that the various dioceses
were slow in paying their triennial assess
ments. He asked that the delegates visit
the treasurer more quickly, as the latter
desired to return to his duties in New
York before the close of the convention.
He said he had the triennial report of the
treasurer and moved its reference to the
csmmittee on expenses. This was or
dered. . .
CHANGES' TO BE MADE
HT THE PBAYER BOOK
that as this house had no jurisdiction he
asked that the committee be discharged
and that the committee be allowed to re
turn the papers to the secretary. His de
sire was granted. »
The secretary then read the minutes of
the previous session, and when he con
cluded the Rev. Dr. Williams of Nebraska
created a sensation by declaring that the
vote of Nebraska upon the amendment to
the constitution recognizing forms of wor
ship of congregations not In accord with
the Episcopal church -had been improperly
recorded. He asked that a correction be
made so the vote would show that Ne
braska voted in the negative. This
aroused a furor In the convention. If Ne
braska was permitted to correct its vote
the amendment introduced by Dr. Hunt
ington would be lost and the "victory of
the day. before would • be turned . into a
On motion the matter was placed on the
calendar to come up in its regular order.
VOTE ON AMENDMENT
IMPBOPEBLY TAKEN
The Rev. Dr. Oberly explained that
there was no discussion In the committee
on the prayer book in regard to the mat
ter. There was, he said, an evident de
sire on the part of a considerable number,
both of clerical and lay deputies, to ex
press their opinions in debate and pos
sibly by vote on the question of a change
of the name of the church.' There should
•be the largest liberty of debate, and with
that in view the minority had adopted
this, method of bringing the I matter be
fore the house. He moved that the mi
nority report be j substituted for the ma
jority report.
Your committee finds that such action in
volves changes in the constitution as well as
in the Book of Common Prayer, and therefore
recommends the adoption of the following reso
lution:
Resolved. That the memorial of the diocese
of Milwaukee and the resolutions of the diocese
of Colorado be referred to a special committee
of three presbyters and three laymen, to be
appointed by the chair; such committee to put
in proper form and report to this convention
for consideration the legislation necessary t«
effect the changes desired by the said dioceses.
T. B. S. HODGES,
H. H. OBERLY,
EDGAR A. ENOS."
VINCENT NEALE,
GEORGE E. COPELAND.
change of- that' name, and the committee asks
to be discharged from further consideration of
the subject. EDWARD 1* TEMPLE
J. PIEHPONT MORGAN,
C. M. BECKWITH,
ROWLAND EVANS,
R. C. FOUTE.
The minority report of the committee on
the prayer book is as follows;
The committee on the Prayer Book, to which
was referred the memorial of the diocese of
Milwaukee and the resolutions of the diocese
of Colorado, ln effect petitioning for a change
ln the name of the church from "Protestant
Episcopal Church In the United States of
America" to "American Catholic Church in
the United States," and in asking the General
Convention to take such action at this session
as will Insure the initial passage and notifica
tion to the several dioceses of the legislation
necessary, to effect such changes, respectfully
reports as follows:
\u25a0 Dr. Alsop. chairman of the committee
on new dioceses, said the committee had
had presented to it a memorial from the
Church Club of Philadelphia in relation
to an episcopate in the Philippines, and
Resolved. That for the purpose of making
rule seventeen operative no business shall be
Introduced for the consideration of the house
at It* current cession after Saturday, October
12, 1901. except upon a two-third&^ote.
In explanation of the resolution Dr.
Woolworth said rule 17 provides that no
business shall be received for considera
tion after the twelfth day of the session.
That time, he said, has been fixed hereto
fore after the convention has been in ses
sion three weeks, but as the time of the
present session is limited it was thought
wise to reduce the time within which new
business might be presented. The resolu
tion was adopted.
Your committee on rules of order has had
under consideration the seventeenth rule, with
a view to adapting it to the exigencies of this
convention and eubmits the following resolu
tions
Reports of committees were next in or
der. The Rev. Dr. Tayler of Los Angeles
took the floor and said he was going to
present a resolution7 but would wait until
the house was a little fuller.
The chairman of the committee on elec
tions reported that Griffith Williams, a
lay delegate from the diocese of Mar
quette, had been seated.
COJOUTTEE ON HUI^ES
TVTA.TrFS ITS REPORT
The R"ev. Dr. Woolworth, chairman of
the committee on rules, read two reports
They were as follows:
Your committee on rules of order had under
consideration the resolution offered by the Rev.
3Jr. Rogers, proposing changes ln the rules of
order as to divine service, and begs leave to
report that in the judgment ot the committee
such changes are inexpedient 4
Resolved. That the committee be discharged
from further consideration of the subject.
Dr. Woolworth read the other report,
•which is as follows:
Inadvertence he had
failed to bring the minutes, but they
would be there in a few minutes. As the
mistakes of the secretary were rare, the
chairman said, this one would be excused
end the subject was passed for the time
being.
WHEN the House of Dep
uties convened yester
day morning Chairman
Lindsay announced that
the secretary regretted
to say that through an
Flerry Tilt on Issues
Before the Big
Convention.
In regard to the resolution offered by
the Rev. J Dr. Ashton of Western New
York for change of the second rubric be
fore the Order of. Daily Morning Prayer
the committee recommended its passage
and asked to be discharged from further
consideration of the subject. The request
was granted. The committee reported ad
yersely on the memorial of the diocese of
Massachusetts in regard to $ie use of the
Revised Version, granting the same liber
ty enjoyed in that respect in England and
asked to be discharged. This request was
also granted. 4 l was
ANNOXTNCES DEATH OF
BISHOP OP ST. ALBANS
The Rev. S. G. Jeffords at this tim* n» 9 *
a telegram that had Just beer handed ?\a
him, announcing the death of Bishon R«r
foTlow 0 /: 31 - AlbaTlS ' Vermont. lf%5^
To Right 1 -
Vt.. San Francisco, Cal.: Blshon R,f^ Qu1^ y '
That title 1, canon 19, section 6, sub-section
5 'be amended to read as follows: On the for
mation of a missionary district the Bishop
consecrated or assigned thereto shall for the ad
ministration of his jurisdiction select the con
stitution and canons of this church, which shall
remain ln force so far as applicable to the cir
cumstances of said missionary district, except
so far as altered from time to time with the
consent of the House of Deputies. A missionary
Bishop may, however, at any time submit to
the House of Bishops a draft of a proposed con
stitution and canons, which, on being approved
by the Houjo of Bishops, shall so into effect
and remain ln force, except so far as changes
therein may be afterward approved by the
House of Bishops.
The matter was on motion referred to
the committee on canons.
A deputy proposed as an amendment
the following:
In cases where the prayer book has not been
translated Into the language of the congrega
tion provision may be made by canon for the
temporary use of other forms and directories of
worship by congregations not in union with this
church, who are willing to accept the spiritual
oversight of the Bishop of a missionary district.
The chair ruled this out of order
The Rev. Dr. Hodges, chairman of the
committee on prayer book, also reported
on the message of the House of Bishops
allowing the reading of lessons of Holy
Scripture in morning and evening prayer
from the Revised Version, recommending
concurrence by the House of Deputies
The matter was made a special order to
come up with the question in regard to
marginal readings.
The House of Elshops notified the Dep
uties that It had adopted the following
resolution:
appomtea as memDers or tne commission
on its part the Bishop of Marquette and
the Bishop of Minnesota.
A message from the House of Bishops
announced that it had reconsidered the
resolution contained in its message No. 4
and adopted it with an amendment pro
viding that the hour for closing the serv
ices of the convention be 5 o'clock on the
17th inst.
Peck of New Haven, Conn.,
Mrs. E. J. "Warren of New York City and
Mrs. Leslie Pell Clarke of Springfield
Center, N. Y., were chosen as vice presi
dents. Miss Elizabeth Ryerson of New
York secretary and Mrs. K. R. Leonhard
of Haledon, N. J., treasurer. The executive
committee will be composed of the officers
named, Mrs. Adam Denmead of Balti
more, Md., and Mrs. W. G. Davenport,
Anaoostia, D. C.
The forenoon session was devoted to a
discussion on the junior branch work of
the order of the Daughters of the King
and the subject of chapter resignations.
In the afternoon chapter work was gen
erally discussed and an address delivered
by the Rev. Burr M. "VVeeden, rector of
St. Luke's Church. He spoke of prayer
and individual responsibility, declaring
that any advance in the work of the or-
THE Daughters of the King
elected their officers yesterday
at a further session in St.
Luke's Church. Mrs. E. . A.
Bradley of New York-was re
elected president, Mrs. J. "W. S.
der must depend upon the Individual effort
of members.
The closing address of the- session was
delivered by the Right Rev. Samuel C.
Edsall, D.D., Bishop of North Dakota.
He said that the spirit, principles and
method of work of the Daughters of the
King appealed to his heart, and that the
peculiar characteristic of the order was
that its one underlying idea was self-sac
rifice.
To-day the visiting Daughters of the
King will be guests of the San Francisco
members and will visit the beach and
other points of Interest.
\u2666 , Th e Junior Chapter of the Daughters of
the King met yesterday morning at St.
h u *? '\u25a0 Church, the director. Mrs. Charles
i l a tJ ?? rche * Presiding and being assist
ed by Mrs Grace Boyd and Miss Mollle
Brown. Miss Irene- Walker, the secre
%*?£ r f ad a re P° rt reviewing the work
of the last year and showing that it was
the aim of the junior branch to fit clfl
dren to become useful members of the
Daughters of the King and faithful com
municants of the church. The report
showed that it was the intention [^or
ganize junior chapters ln every parish in
L he ,n°n U fl ntI 7% At fl ? resent the locaF chafer
Chu?cl? t6en Sirls of TtiSlty
deflrit th £ Se t>, W^ 0 deslred to reduce the
of the House of Bishops to a^
point a committee consisting of twS
tne Bishop of Newcastle and invite him
to attend the sessions of the house Th™.
Af7< S-gffiffi &{?»?„.? £•
splits
w^lfe^d &W&^2^™*
3SSf£5S£f
who' by reafnn «? c ° adjutor and every Bishop,
flrmitv his^ff,^ of advanced age or bodily in
aseat an,? I ? ie ? hl3 Jurisdiction, shall have
materitv of H n°i e , l n the House ° r Bishops. A
™ve of fo«.iL Uh , 0P8 entltled t° vote, exclu-
Bl«h<£f« ~^ *? missionary Bishops and of
fhall b* e haVe ""^ed their jurisdiction,
th* t™« ne «, es8ar y to constitute a quorum for
the transaction of business.
rJJ?,? Rev -, M r. Williams of Oregon of
rered a resolution to have canon 13, article
ni' a fi2 eri 1r?iF to ma rriage and divorce, re-
JSStte? 8 ma " er Wa3 referred to a
\u2666>,Y P i? n m ° tlo n It was decided to devote
the hour between 12 and 1 Saturday to a
Education*" the subJect of "Christian
BANKER MORGAN OFFERS
MEMORIAL POR ADOPTION"
J. Plerpont Morgan of New York offered
Interesting Session at St. Luke's Comes to a
Close and Delegates Will Be Shown
About the City.
Parliamentarians Try
to Delay Taking
of Vote.
DAUGHTERS OF THE KING
ELECT THEIR OFFICERS
FOR THE COMING YEAR
CHURCHMEN
HOLD A LONG
DISCUSSION
THE S.VN I KANCIFl O CALL, WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER f>, 11)01.
DEPUTIES RECONSIDER AND DEFEAT AMENDMENT
THAT RECOGNIZES CERTAIN FORMS OF WORSHIP
2
The suffering from It Is sometimes In-
tense; local applications are resorted to-
they mitigate, bat cannot cure.
It proceeds from humors inherited or ac-
quired and persists until these have been
removed.
Hood's Sarsaparilla
positively removes them, has radically
and permanently cured the worst cases, and
is an equal for all cutaneous
eruptions. ,
How it reddens the skin, itches, oozes,
dries and scales!
Some people call It tetter, mill: crnst or
salt rheum. ..'. '-
Eczema
Uooo'smi^LS are the test cathartic. WicaZSewuiT
Those Dealers
Who tell you they never heard of the Wiley B. Allen Company are only
joking! And when they say that the Steck, Everett, Hardman, Packard
and Ludwig are pianos which they don't like you must remember that
they have pianos of their own to sell.
Not until January i will our retail warerooms be opened up where
now is Fairchild s shoe house at 931 Market street; but in the meantime
if you will take the elevator at 933 Market for the sixth floor you can '
secure any of the above makes of pianos at the wholesale price We
aim to make it an object for you to "hunt us up," and at any rate keep •
your eye on us, for we are destined to become the leading piano dealers
here. You can't stem the tide of fate. THE PIANOS WF SFT T
THE WILEY B. ALLEN CO.,
Now at 933 Market Street, and on January 1st at 931-933 Market
St., S. F. Branch, 951 Broadway, Oakland.PROMINENT AMERICAN AND FOREIGN CHURCHMEN ADDRESSING CONVENTION.
Lord Bishops of Newcastle, England and British Columbia, With Other Foreign Digni
0 taries, Tell of Vast Fields Being Conquered by the Pioneers of the Faith.
DISTINGUISHED DEPUTATION FROM SYNOD OF CANADA
RECEIVED AT SESSION OF PRELATES AND DEPUTIES
Continued From Page Two.
ninth parallel. "When you of. the American
church, whether clergymen or laymen, come
across the border 'you may be sure that you
have a welcome to our hearts and to our homes.
AVe stand here to-day representing 1300 clergy
men of the Church of England in Canada in a
population of 5,400,000. We are glad to bring
to you to-day the greetings of the Bishops and
these 1300 clergymen and to wish you God
speed in your work. We, equally with your
selves, have our settled and well-ordered par
ishes in the eastern portion of our Dominion,
and we have a wonderful future before us,
just as you have, in the great Northwest and
in our far west as we call it In British Co
lumbia. We, equally with you, are Interested
in making our eastern people understand the
possibilities of our great west and the neces
sity of our laying the foundations of our church !
strong and deep.
We are only too glad to be here, because of
the inspiration that we shall take away with
us. We . want to bear you the very heartiest
message of greeting from the church across
the border, and assuring you of the most hearty
welcome when you come into our parishes or
our dioceses; believing that with you we have
a message to deliver and something to do In
molding the life 6t the twentieth century; and
believing that with you we have a Joint heri
tage of the ancient prayer and song, and lit
urgy and/ creed, a charge never to end; as
his gift we have received them; as his charge
we. will defend them.
HIS CHURCH WABDEN
ATTENDS TO BUSINESS
Rev. C. E. Cooper, M. A., rector of St,
Paul's Church, Nanaimo, B. C, and Rural
Dean, was next introduced and spoke
briefly, saying among other things:
I feel that it is the. greatest honor that the
Primate of all Canada has put on me in ap
pointing me a delegate to this great conven
tion. And T want to say that he could not
have found any one better disposed toward the
American church, or in a certain sense better
qualified to do so. not from any personal gifts,
but it la from the benefits that I have received
from the American church. I am not speak
ing of the hospitality, bounteous though It Is,
! with which we have been received, because
the Americans are everywhere proverbial for i
their hospitality and we have come to expect
nothing else, but. I mean for the benefits that
I have received in my own parish, because I
have a church warden who is an American
citizen and the son of an American clergyman,
an ardent patriot, a loyal and devoted church
man who does what Is, I may say, rare on our
side of the line, perhaps not very common any
where— he places all of his business ability, of
which Americans have so much, at the dis
posal of the church and uses all the keenness,
all the knowledge of detail, all the business
habits that he has In the service of the church.
Justice Harrison of the Supreme Court
of Victoria, the layman of the deputation,
was next introduced. He spoke In part as
follows: . .
I have the honor and' the great pleasure of
joining in the pleasing duty which devolves
en the deputation of conveying 1 to the Ameri
can church the good wishes of the Canadian
church. And as British people we feel it only
light and proper to express that feeling that
we Britishers have toward your people of
friendship and good will, and - also the heart
felt sympathy that* we feel with your people
in the national calamity, which you have sus
tained in the death by assassination of your
; No minister shall solemnize a marriage ex
cept in the presence of at least two witnesses,
nor, in case the parties are unknown to the
minister, without the presence of witnesses
to whom the parties are personally known, un
less in the judgment of the minister It shall
be Impracticable to obtain such witnesses.
Every minister shall without delay formally
record In the proper register the name, age and
residence of each party. Such record shall be
signed by the minister who perform^ the cere
mony, and, If practicable, by the married
parties and at least two witnesses of the mar
riage.
No minister shall solemnize a marrlasre be
tween any two persons unless nor until, by In
quiry, he shall nave satisfied himself that
neither person Is the husband or the wife af
any other, person then living or has been the
husband or the wife of any other person thep
living; unless the former marriage was an
nulled by a decree of some civil court of com
petent Jurisdiction for cause existing before
such former marriage.
Fourth Section Causes Warm Debate.
The first three sections seemed to be
satisfactory to a majority of the mem
bers, but it was. on the fourth section that
a warm debate was had. The question
discussed was as to whether the church
should forbid the innocent party in a di
vorce for infidelity to remarry. A further
discussion will be held to-day. Canon 37
of the discipline of persons marrying after
divorce will also be debated. It is aa fol
lows: • ;•-•
No person divorced for cause arising after
marriage, and marrying again during the lfte
tlme of the other party to the divorce, nor any
person marrying a person so divorced, shall
be admitted to baptism or confirmation, or be
permitted to receive the holy communion, ex
cept 'when penitent, and. If the other party to
the subsequent marriage be then living, when
separated from such other party, or when peni
tent and in immediate danger of death; but
this provision shall not apply to the innocent
party to a divorce for the cause of adultery.
No person shall be denied baptism or con
firmation or the holy communion under this
canon until after the minister shall have given
to the person due and sufficient notice of such
intended denial, and of the right of appeal
At the afternoon session the Bishops
took up the question of marriage and di
vorce. The discussion was over canon 3S
of the solemnization of matrimony. It is
as follows:
The solemnization of matrimony In this
church Is a service In which the mutual con
sent of the parties entering Into this state of
life is given In the presence of a minister, who.
having pronounced them in the Name of tha
Holy Trinity to be man and wife. Invokes the
divine blessing upon their union.
In the solemnization of matrimony the min
isters of this church shall be careful to ascer
tain and to observe the law of the State gov
erning the civil contract of marriage in the
place where the service shall be performed.
No minister shall solemnize the marriage of
any person, who under the law of the place of
marriage Is not free to marry without the
consent of parent or guardian, unless the par
ent or guardian of such minor Is present and
consenting, or shall have given written con
sent to the marriage, or is permanently resi
dent In a foreign country.
Bishops Discuss Marriage Canon.
A committee was appointed to prepare
a version of the Book of Common Prayer
in the Swedish language. The house also
concurred in the resolution adopted by
the House of Deputies providing for ad
journment at 5 p. m. on Thursday, Octo
ber 17, instead of 8 p. m., the hour pre
viously agreed upon.
There .was an interesting report from
the committee having In charge the sub
ject of general questions for the exam
ination of candidates for holy orders. The
committee was continued and authorized
to prepare, with the help of the professors
In the theological seminaries, a series of
typical and suggestive examination pa
pers for candidates for deacon's and
priest's orders and to send them out to
the Bishops of the various dioceses.
The House of Bishops grieve* with you over
the death of your honored father. They praise
God for his noble life and good example and
pray Him. to bless and comfort you.
late Right Rev. Alexander Bur
gess, the venerable Bishop of Qnincy.
whose death was also announced in
the House of Deputies. Bishop Burgess
passed away at St. Albans, Vt., yesterday
at the age of 82. Immediately upon re
ceiving the sad news Bishop Dudley of
fered prayers for the late prelate. The
following telegram was sent to Miss Caro
lyn Burgess, the daughter of the de
ceased:
SORROWFUL news awaited tha
House of Bishops when it
opened its session yesterday
morning. A telegram announc
ing her father's demise was re
ceived from the daughter of the
Tidings of Death of
Bishop Burgess
Received.
The Episcopal Bishops
Have Question
in Hand.
MARRIAGE
AND DIVORCE
CONSIDERED
Continued on Page Fivt.
It is reported that Mrs. C. P. Huntlng
ton intends presenting the residence of
the late railroad magnate, located at the
corner of California and Taylor streets, to
some charitable institution. The late C. P.
Huntington bought the property in 1SD2
from the Colton estate for $250,000. The
house has stood idle for some time.
B«sidence May Go to Charity.
Francis Melbourne Greene delivered his
fourth lecture In the University of Cali
fornia extension course last evening at
the auditorium of the Young Men's Chris
tian Association, the subject being
"Christian Art." The lecture covered the
period extending from the Christian era
to the Renaissance. It was well attended.
Lectures on Christian Art.
Rev. Dr. W. W. Case, who recently re
turned from an extended trip through the
Holy Land, addressed a large gathering
at Grace Methodist Episcopal Church last
night upon the subject of "Palestine." Dr.
Case related the principal incidents of his
journey to the historic scenes familiar to
students of biblical history.
He described In a graphic manner the
old city of Jerusalem, with its five hills
and four squalid and filthy quarters. He
spoke of David's tomb, which Christians
may view but never enter: of the Church
of the Holy Sepulcher marking the tradi
tional site of Christ's crucifixion and bur
ial; of the stone of unction where Christ
lay when he was annointed; of the sus
pended rock of Enoch which shows his
footprint, as well as that of Mohammed;
of the garden of Gethsemanle, where
Christ wrought out the salvation of men;
of the Coptic Church, which is a veritable
dungeon, but a place of refuge for pil
grims whose lives are constantly sought
by the Mohammedans, and of the man
ers and customs of the modern populace.
The relation of numerous anecdotes of the
journey to and from Palestine served to
render the address enjoyable as well as
Instructive. ,
Addresses Xarge Audience at Gracs
Church on Subject of Travels
in Palestine.
KEV. DR. CASE SPEAKS
OF TBIP TO HOI/Y LAND
No alteration cr amendment of this consti
tution shall be made unless the same shall be
first proposed at one triennial meeting of the
Oneral Convention and by a resolve thereof
l«? eent to the secretary of the convention of
«very dioceee. to be made known to the Dio
<»an Convention at Its next meeting, and be
adopted by the General Convention at Its next
The Rev. Ih\ Egar moved the adoption
of article XI of the amendments to the
constitution, the article being- as follows:
Sec. 6. JSp now diocese ehall be formed which
ehall contain fewer than six self-supporting
parishes, or f*«wer than six presbyters who have
„.?£. at v one , ye " r resident
\u25a0within the bounds of such new diocese, regu
larly settled In a parish or congregation and
qualified to vote for a Bishop. Nor shall such
new diocese be formed if. thereby any existing
diocese shall be so reducr-d as to contain fewe?
v-I? sflf-supporting parishes and twelve
presbyters who have been residing therein and
eettled and qualified as above provided.
WESTERN" TEXAS MAKES
PLEA FOE A DIOCESE
The Rev. H. Stuck of Texas asked that
the amendment be rejected. He pleaded
for Western Texas, which had worked
hard to become a diocese, but which was
unable to comply with the new canon
\u25a0which stipulated that a missionary dis
trict must have six self-supporting par
ishes before it could become a diocese
He told of the wide area of Western
Texas, which was, however, more flour
ishing- than many of the dioceses repre
sented in the convention.
Deputy Saunders of Massachusetts said
that the amendment had many radical
defects, and he also hoped for "its rejec
tion. The spf-aker laid stress on the fact
that under the proposed amendment the
formation of new dioceses was taken out
of the hands of the General Convention,
and that it should be defeated for this
reason alone.
Deputy Packard of Maryland and Major
Fairbanks of Florida also spoke on the'
Fubject and the Rev. Frank Page of Texas
made a stirring appeal for the missionary
district of the western part of his State.
He said that the amendment was not fair
nor just and that it prevented the forma
tion of a wide field as a diocese after its
clergy had worked hard for a desired end.
Speeches were made* by the Rev. Dr.
Fulton and the Rev. Dr. Lewis of Penn
sylvania and Judge Stiness of Rhode.Isl
and. The amendment was lost when put
to a. vote.
Pec. 5. A diocese formed out of a missionary
district shall be subject to the constitution and
canons to which such missionary district was
subject, until the same be altered In accordance
\u25a0with such constitution and canons by the con
vention of thfr new diocese.
Sec. 4. "Whenever a new diocese is formed and
erected out of an existing- diocese It shall be
eubject to the constitution and canons of the
cioceee out cf which It was formed, except as
local circumstances may prevent, until the
eame be altered in accordance with such consti
tution and canons by the convention of the new
<3iocese. Whenever a diooet-e is formed out of
two or more existing dioceses it shall be subject
to the constitution and canons of that one of
the said existing diocese to which the greater
number o£ clergymen shall have belonged prior
to the erection of such new diocese, except as
local circumstances may prevent, until the
came be alu-red in accordance with 5uch consti
tution and canons by tha convention of the new
diocese.
Section 1. A new diocese cut; be formed (1)
t>y the erection Into a dioceee of the whole or
of any part of one or more missionary districts;
(2) by tie division of an existing diocese, or (3)
ty the junction of two or more dioceses or of
parts of two or more dioceses, under such con
ditions as the General Convention shall pre
scribe by general canon or canons. The pro
ceedings shall originate In a convocation of the
clergy and laity of the missionary district called
ty the Bishop for that purpose; or, with the
approval of the Bishop, in the convention of
The diocese to be divided; or (when it 1b pro
posed to form a new diocese by the Junction of
two or more dioceses or of parts of two or
more dioceses) by mutual agreement of the con
ventions of the dioceses concerned, with the ap
proval of the Bishop or the ecclesiastical au
thority of each diocese. In case the Episcopate
cf a diocese be vacant, no proceedings toward
Its division shall be taken until the vacancy is
filled. During a vacancy in a missionary dis
trict the consent of the presiding Bishop must
b« had before proceedings to erect it Into a
diocese are taken. When It shall appear to the
satisfaction of the General Convention, by a
certified copy of the proceedings and other doc
uments and papers laid before It, that all the
conditions for the formation of the new diocese
have been complied with and that It has ac
ceded to the constitution of this church, and
the General Convention shall have 6O declared
and shall have ratified such proceedings, the
formation of the new diocese ehall be complete,
and it shall thereupon be admitted to union
\u25a0with the General Convention.
explained the amendments
inown as articles V and XI. After the
articles were read the Rev. Dr. Egar
moved the adoption of article V, which
\u25a0was as follows:
\u25a0 te \u25a0 » HE afternoon session, of the
\u25a0r m > House of Deputies yesterday
1 1 was devoted to the considera-
H tion of the amendments to the
ji constitution. The Rev. Dr.
Egar again led the debate and
The House of Deputies then took up the
question of the marginal readings to the
Scriptures, as auopted by the House of
Bishops, which body has authorized their
publication and use by the clergy In the
pulpit.
PRESENTS REPORT ON
THE MARGINAL READINGS
The Rev. Dr. Joseph Carey of Albany,
representing the joint commission reap
polnted at the last convention to prepare
the marginal readings, then presented the
report of the commission. The speaker
eaid that all the members of the commis
sion had agreed on the alterations and
readings and felt that a clearer under
standing would be given to readers of the
Scriptures. He stated that an offer had
been received from the King's printers
in England to print two editions of the
marginal readings without cost to the
American church. The speaker dwelt
upon the magnitude of the work of the
commission, and then offered the follow
ing resolution:
Resolved, That the marginal readings of
the English \-erslon of the Old and New
Testaments reported to this house by the joint
commission appointed in 1S95 and reappointed
In 1S9S to make such report be published un
der the direction of said commission and are
hereby allowed to be used by ministers of this
church in reading the lessons from Holy Scrip
ture in the morning and evening prayer.
The Rev. Dr. Alsop of Long Island and
Deputy F. A. Lewis of Pennsylvania
spcke in favor of accepting 1 the resolution,
which was put to a vote and adopted.
The house acknowledged the receipt cf
an Invitation of the Woman's Occidental
Board of Foreign Missions to a reception
at the mission house next Tuesday after
noon from 2 to 5. Some discussion was
had as to the proper manner of accepting
the invitation.
The house then adjourned until this
morning'.
The Rev. Dr. David H. Greer of New
York moved that further action on the
amendment be postponed until a report
upon the proposed constitution is re
ceived from the House of Bishops. The
speaker said that it might be necessary
for the two houses to appoint conference
committees to deliberate ypon points on
which the two bodies might differ. The
motion of the Rev. i^r. Greer was carried
and the consideration of the amendment
went over.
succeeding triennial meeting by a majority of
the whole number of Bishops entitled to vote
In the House of Bishops, and by a majority of
the clerical and lay deputies of all the dioceses
entitled to representation In the House of Dep
uties voting by orders.
Rev. Dr. Carey of Albany Tells of the Labor
of Compiling the Corrections to the
Holy Scriptures.
REPORT OF COMMISSION
ON HARGINAL READINGS
IS READ TO DEPUTIES
Continued on Page Five.
Chairman Lindsay read a < protest from
eeveral members, who objected to the con
tinued conversation carried on in the
house by various deputies. Dr» Lindsay
appealed to th-i delegates.to refrain from
this annoying habit, as tnere were many
delegates who were In attendance to at
tend to business.
The Rev. Mr. Hickman of Colorado of
fered a resolution asking that certain
words In Article 8 of the Constitution be
striken out and others substituted. It was
referred to the committee.
The Rev. Dr. McKim of Colorado de
sired to have the subject of "Capital and
Labor" taken up at this time, it being
11:30 a. m., the hour set for its discussion.
Mr. Lewis of Pennsylvania, a member
of the committee on the dispatch of busi
ness, objected to Its being- brought up out
of' order. He said it ought to take its
place on the calendar. This course was
followed.
Resolved, That, In the adoption of article 10
of the constitution. It is the purpose and un
derstanding of this house that the several por
tions and offices of the Book of Common
Prayer specified in said article shall be used
in accordance with the terms set forth in said
book.
a resolution asking that a diocese be es
tablished in the Philippines.
The Rev. Dr. Restarick of San Diego
suggested that under article 6 of the
constitution the House of Deputies had no
authority to pass such a resolution; that
the matter \u25a0was entirely in the jurisdiction
of the House of Bishops.
Mr. Morgan then asked that the resolu
tion be referred to the House of Bishops
by the House of Deputies.
A lay delegate from Missouri rose to a
point of order. He said the convention
was engaged in adopting a new constitu
tion; that the house was created and de
rived all its powers from the constitution
under which the deputies were acting. He
said it had begun its work under it "and
would continue and end its work under
that constitution. Its duties under the
constitution, which gave it birth, gave it
Its powers. He claimed that the new con
stitution had not as yet been adopted and
could not become the organic law of this
body until both houses had passed upon,
every section embraced and therefore the
reference of the motion was out of order.
Chairman Lindsay did not take this
view and ruled accordingly. Banker Mor
gan then renewed his motion that the
committee on new business present the
resolution to the House of Bishops.
Judge Stiness of Rhode Island sug
gested that the House of Deputies should
present Mr. Morgan's resolution to the
House of Bishops.
A clerical deputy offered an amendment
to the New York lay delegate's motion
that 'the memorial relating to the epis
copacy in the Philippine Islands be re
called from the committee on new busi
ness and that it be referred to the House
of Deputies. Mr. Morgan apcepted the
amendment and it became the original
motion and was adopted.
A clerical delegate from Colorado of
fered the following, resolution, which was
placed on the calendar: . •
The Rev. Dr. Pentreath, Archdeacon of
Columbia and Kootenay, was next Intro
duced and made an eloquent speech of ten
minutes' - length, in the course of which
he said:
\u25a0 I- esteem it a great honor that we have been
deputed to bear the greetings of the • General
Synod of . the church in' Canada to this joint
convention meeting for the first time in the
city: of San - Francisco in the dawn of the
twentieth century, . with : all its possibilities be
fore us and before you. We men of the north
ern zone may differ . from you politically, per
haps we' have some different Ideals; in the
hearts and in the minds of our people to-day
there are the strivings after imperial unity and
the consolidation of the British" empire. But
when -it comes to the old historic church and
the ancient faith we do not know any forty-
I was allowed officially to visit San Francisco
the first time two years ago, when I took part
in the consecration of Bishop Moreland to the
Diocese of Sacramento. In the short time that
I was here I made many friends, and it la a
pleasure to be allowed to come back again to
see them. But it is in a wider way than that
altogether that I stand upon this platform this
morning. We are essentially a Western
deputation. Unfortunately to-day while we
have no representative whatever from the
Kastern part of Canada, in a certain way per
haps it is fitting that, meeting in this, which
is, I am constantly reminded not by any means
the westernmost city of the United States of
America, but, as my geography has been set
right, is actually the central city of the whole
states so far as East and West are concerned,
yet, still It Is proper that we of the West
should be here to-day to represent the great
church of Canada. AVe bring to you the heart
iest" greeting from the Archbishop - of Rupert
Land, the Primate of Canada, and I am sure
from the whole of the Bishops, clergy and laity
of the church in the Dominion. We feel that
we need indeed to experience, and realize our
unity with this great church of the United
States of America. And speaking especially
here in the West, it seems to me, from my
seven or \u25a0 eight years experience that there is
"i^othing that will really meet the needs of fcur
people in the West except the position of the
church that is represented here within these
walls. We. go back to our work, difficult In
deed as it-is, compared perhaps with that of
some, who work in large towns, especially the
work of the men who have to labor in the
sparsely settled districts, is to say the least
of it, hard; but to go. back as some \u25a0• have to in
in Western 'and mid-Western dioceses without
the financial support that they ought to receive
from the wealth of the East. If sometimes we
are Inclined to despond and to despair and al
most to give up the condition of hopelessness
that, confronts us, we realize to-day our union
with you all from east to west, and from north
to south still in this great continent of America
and we heartily thank you on behalf of the
Bishops of Canada for the reception that you
have given us; it is for our inspiration and
for a rising to a higher conception of what our
duty ' shall be that we shall go back, please
God, to our work from this joint convention in
San Francisco. .
EXTENDS GREETINGS OF
GENERAL SYNOD IN CANADA
Archdeacon of Columbia and Kootenay;
the Rev. C. E. Cooper. M. A., rector of
St. Paul's Church. Nanaimo, B. C, and
Rural Dean, and his Honor Judge Harri
son of Victoria, B. C, were escorted to
seats on the platform. Bishop Dudley
welcomed the guests and then introduced
the Lord Bishop of Columbia, who said:.
At this time the Bishops and deputation
from. Canada were announced,- and upon
motion of the. Rev. Dr. Mann the vote on
the amendment was postponed until the
reassembling of the house. ..\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0
I The \u25a0 deputies then arose to receive the
distinguished visitors. \u25a0\u25a0 The Lord Bishop
of Columbia, \u25a0 Venerable Dr. Pentreuth,
I beg to differ with the gentleman from
Pennsylvania.- The question is reopened. I
move with great reluctance, but in a sense
of justice, that the ruling of the chair be
overruled and delegates be allowed to speak
and Questions be asked.
Dr. Fulton moved thajtjthe motion • be
laid on the table and It was so ordered by
a vote of 177 to 149.
Mr. Mills of New Jersey moved to have
the vote postponed until 3 o'clock in the
afternoon. He said certain committees
were holding -sessions and would be un
able to vote. • /
Mr. Thomas asked to lay the motion on
the table. He said it was a rule of the
house that If a committee desired to meet
during the session of the h6use it had to
first secure permission. A vote was taken
and Mr. Mills' motion was laid on the
table by a 1 vote of 211 to 129.
DEPUTATION FROM
CANADA INTRODUCED
Divided— Clerical, 4, lay, 4. •
An effort was made to have the vote on
the Huntington resolution postponed. The
Rev. Mr. Hodges tried to have the discus
sion on the amendment reopened. He
seemed to be under the impression that
the reconsideration of the vote gave him
the privilege of asking further questions.
The Rev. Dr. pulton arose to a point of
order and shut off further discussion by
saying his motion was simply to recon
sider the vote and nothing else. The chair
ruled accordingly. - ,
The Rev. Dr. Huntington said:
The Rev. Dr. Fulton moved in behalf of
the clerical and lay delegates of Pennsyl
vania that the vote taken on the second
amendment to Article 10 be reconsidered.
The motion was seconded by Dr. McKira
in behalf of the Washington diocese.
The Rev. Dr. Williams of Nebraska
wanted to know by what reason Wash
ington seconded the motion. Lay Dele
gate Llghtner of Minnesota arose to a
point of order, stating it made no differ
ence how a seconder of a motion to re
consider had voted. : >
The Rev. Mr. Tayler of Los Angeles
asked for a postponement of the vote un
til 3 o'clock, a3 it would give absent dele
gates a chance to be present and vote.
Dr. Tayler's motion was laid on the table.
J. Pierpont Morgan, in behalf of the lay
delegates of New York, asked that, the
vote be by order. A vote was then taken
and the motion to reconsider was carried
by the following vote:
Ayes— Clerical, 40; lay, 38.
Noes— Clerical, 15; lay, 12.
The Rev. Dr. Greer of New York asked
that the regular order of business should
be taken up, und it was therefore the
time to take up the adoption of the con
stitution.
FIGHT ON AMENDMENT \
IS AGAIN RESUMED
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 9, 1901.
POWER TO CREATE NEW EPISCOPAL DIOCESES
REMAINS IN HANDS OF GENERAL CONVENTION
3WASHINGTON, Oct. 8.— Rear Admiral
W. S. Schley ended his active career in
Bear Admiral Beaches the Age Limit
i /?;\u25a0\u25a0,' and Endtf Active Service.
SCHJJSTT WILL RETTIBE : TO-DAjY.
PEL MONTE, Cct. fc.-Df. Bowdltch
Morton, resident physician of the Hotel
Del I.Jonte, accidentally shot Clerk W. A^
Johnson in tha head while the two were
vluck shooting h*t evening at Laguna
fcc-oa, tfipht mii*-;? oast of Monterey. The
two men were on epposite sides of an arm
of the lake and hidden from one another
by tine tule growth. A shot entered one
of Johnson's eyes, causing a wound which,
it is feared, will causo total blindness.-
JohTuscn was (alien to 8an Francisco to-
Gay to undergo treatment by a specialist.
manently Blinded by Hunt
- ing Accident.
Del Monte Hesident Perhaps Per-
SHOT PIEHCES EYE OF
KOTEL' CLERK JOHNSO2T
SAX DIEGO, Oct. 8.— As a result of a
quarrel two men were killed In the Favor
ite saloon at Fifth and I streets at 11
o'clock to-night. They are James A.
Posey, proprietor of the place, and Andy
Quinlan, proprietor of a near by saloon.
Posey was about 50 years old "and .Quin
lan somewhat younger. The ' two" men
were standing on opposite sides of the bar
Angry words passed and they drew their
revolvers and tired simultaneously. Posey
pank down behind the bar and expired al
most Instantly. Quinlan staggered Into
the street and fell. He was picked up
and taken Into a near by saloon, where
ne died in a few minutes.
But little could be learned tornight as
to the cause of the shooting. When the
men fired there was a general stampede
from toe saloon and of thoee who may
have bt»en present none seem inclined to
ta.k. It is the common belief, however,
that business disputes were the cause of
tne quarrel. Posey was shot in the right
breast and the bullet came out of his left
side. Quinlan v;ae ghot in the left breast.
Bullets Fired Across the Ear After a
Few Moments of AngTy
Talking. ...
TWO MEN" ABE KILLED
IN A SAIiOOX BRAWL
The witness had not concluded his testi
mony when the court, at 4 p. m., adjourned
for the day. ~ ; . " . .
Admiral Dewey. speaking for the court, then
said that as there were no legal obstacles In
the way of putting the question it could be
asked. Lieutenant Bristol said In reply
••I do not agree with Captain Folger a's re
1 ? £? e ,v act tv that the 8hl P s were nearer In
at night than they were in the day time be
cause it 19 my firm reoollectlon now that 'they
were farther out at night than they were In
the day time; also I read. from the log when
I testified that the average revolutions of the
Texas by the watch "were a certain number
The revolutions, according to that, give the
ship a certain speed, which would be-greater
than the distance given by Captain Folger be
cause we also stated In that log that* we
steamed for two hours and turned first to the
east and then to the west."
When Mr. Hanna had taken his «eat Mr
Raynor replied, referring to Mr, Hanna as hU
"learned and solemn friend." This charae
te r.^ lo . n 1 br ° u *!} t .^P^ 1 , 11 hla feTt..
,. Thls -h e said, "is eminently improper. All
these left-handed compliments thrown around
Mr. Raynor— I withdraw It.
Mr. Hanna— It did not make me feel solemn.
Mr. Raynor— I would not object to your call
ing me solemn. .
Captain Lemly-You are not aolemri: I call
you funny. (Laughter.) - CttU
(UushtoT" 1 don't call you at all funny.
Mr. Raynor then questioned the witness aa
to the stay of the flying squadron at Clenfue
?£*: .? he latter Bald he nad not considered
that they maintained a blockade there
"We were merely lying off that port." ha
said, 'and at night anything could have passed
in, so far as we were concerned."
Mr. Raynor then undertook to compare the"
estimate of the distances which Commodore
fcchley's fleet went to the east and west of
Santiago harbor with that of Captain Folder
Mr. Hanna .suggested that the practice of quot
ing from the testimony of former witnesses,
while not objectionable from a legal point of
ylew waa calculated to produce delay and
therefore not desirable.
"I do not believe Mr. Hodgson took an ac
curate observation. I don't want to make
that positive statement, but I do want toSnake
the statement of what I know in regard to
the Instrument. The Instrument as I use It
is accurate at lower ranges and Inaccurate at
higher ranges." \ . -.."-
Mr. Raynor— Is It possible for the stadlmeter
to have made a mistake of 2000 yards? Don't
you think if that is the case you would better
abolish that Instrument? .
"Is It Inaccurate under 4000 yards V
"It is more accurate under 4000 yards, but
If the instrument has not been corrected re
cently it la likely to err."
"The stadimeter at 4000 yards and over Is
well known to be Inaccurate for measuring dis
tances, because the gradations are so close to
gether that a small error in observation makes
a large error In the result."
Mr. Raynor— And those are the reasons you
give now for accounting for this wide di
vergence? You do not think the etadimeter
Is as accurate as It ought to|}>e?
"Those are the reasons I have always had
in my mind for not reconciling those two state
ments. Another reason for thinking myself
right was the speed of the ship, which was
given me as half-speed. Take it at full speed
at her Initial position and she could not ar
rive at a certain point which would give her
that range, 1400 yards."
Mr. Raynor— Then the stadimeter Is not to
be relied upon at all in comparison with your
observations, as I understand It. in this In
stance?
The Inaccurate Stadimeter .
"A range of 1400 yards at the time of the
turn of the Brooklyn Is absolutely irrecon
cilable. My idea is that a stadimeter at 4000
yards is not an accurate instrument and that
is . what they state \u25a0 they took the measure
ments with it. Also in smoke of battle it Is al
most impossible to take ranges accurately.
It was a good deal of an estimate. Also I
have heard I do not know how true It is, the
ranges on board the Brooklyn were taken by
ftn enlisted man. I do not question the en
listed man's accuracy except that I would
think an officer's accuracy would be greater
than that of an enlisted man."
"Then those two statements are perfectly Ir
reconcilable?"
Lieutenant Bristol then detailed the part
the Texas played in the battle, giving the
details of the chase up the Cuban coast. De
scribing the close of that pursuit he said:
"We continued on with the chase of the
Colon, which was then ahead of the Vlscaya,
in the same relative* positions, the Brooklyn,
Oregon, Texas and. afterward at the end of the
chase, -the New York joined in it. I forgot to
mention that the Vixen was outside the Brook
lyn at this time and along at the time the
Vlscaya sheered inside and kept about abreast
of u« until we overhauled her and went ahead,
until the Colon finally turned inshore and
hauled down her flag. The Texas then Joined
the rest of the ships at the prize and remained
there that night."
Mr. Hanna inquired: "From the position you
occupied during the chase could you or not
determine which of tha vessels was leading?"
"I could with the distinctness with which
the ships could be seen, not the positions."
"What did you estimate as their relative
positions?"
"That was obtained comparatively. The dis
tance to the Colon was from about three and
a»half miles to four miles, up to five or six
miles, at the end of the chase. She drew
away from us slowly. The Brooklyn and Ore
gon were considerably closer to ua than the
Colon. The Oregon was closer than the Brook
lyn, bo that the Brooklyn was leading aa re
gards the distance from us that she waa out
on our bow."
- In response to questions by Mr. Raynor
Lieutenant Bristol said that he had made his
chart because of his Interest In the battle and
that he had prepared It a few days after the
battle, and stated that "to the best of my
knowledge and belief the chart in right." . . \u25a0.
Mr. Raynor called attention to the fact that
the witness had said at the beginning of the
battle the Brooklyn was heading \u25a0 north and
east, while Lieutenant Commander Hodgson,
who had been aboard th«r~Brooklyn, had said
the vessel was heading north and' west.
"Which is right?" he asked.
"I believe I am right," the witness replied.
"You can't both be right."
"That is right, too."
In response to further questions, Lieutenant
Bristol said his ' chart had been stored away
for some time, but that previously he had
had several blue prints made of it.
At Mr. Raynor' s request the witness made
measurements showing that according to his
chart at the beginning of the fight off San
tiago the nearest Spanish ship to the Brook
lyn was 1300 yards. Mr. Raynor asked:
How can you reconcile that with the state
ment of Lieutenant Commander Hodgson that
the range at the time of the turn of the
Brooklyn was 1400 yards?" \u25a0'\^- -\u25a0'
'*I cannot reconcile my statement with that
of Lieutenant • Commander Hodgson."
iff rBll*ll ( R r l31MCJmaMiw*iM»*,a I -> *
"She was about aa far out on our port bow,
relatively speaking, as the Spanish ships were
on our starboard bow."
"Had she completed the turn at that time?"
\u25a0 "I do not ' know. She did not make any
turn after that and always kept on to the
westward. At that time I did not know any
thing about a turn."
"You did not see what Is known as the loop?"
"I did not."
Chase by the Texas.
The witness described the engagement of
July 3. saying that the Spanish fleet had come
cut only sufficiently far to clear the shoal
near th<i mouth of the harbor before turning
to the westward. He did not think this was
to exceed 1500 yards out from Caysmith, which
is inside the harbor.
Lieutenant Bristol said that after the en
gagement began he went below and fired three
shots from the 12-lnch guns. When he came
on deck the first of the Spanish ships waa
going ashore.
"We were then," he said, "headed to the
westward, with the enemy's ships running close
along a point seven miles west of Santiago."
"Did you see the Brooklyn when you came
on deck?"
"I did."
"Where was she at that time?"
suddenly appeared, what orders had you to
meet 6uch a contingency?"
"No orders, were turned over to me In regard
to a contingency of that kind," replied the
witness.
"As watch officer, should you have had such
orders?"
"I should have had."
Lieutenant Bristol then spoka of the Spanish
shore batteries, sayincr:
"I \u25a0 personally examined them the day we ar
rived there and satisfied myself that the bat
teries amounted to nothing."
Lieutenant Bristol said that'on the morning
of July 3 he had fixed the position of the
Texas and also generally of the other ships
of the fle«t and had. prepared a chart showing
theso positions. He considered the Initial po
sition assigned to the Texas, the Brooklyn and
the Iowa as accurate.
Commander Wainwrlght was then excused,
and Lieutenant M. L. -Bristol, former watch
and division officer of the Texas, was called.'
He had only related the arrival of 'the, Texas
at Cienfuegos . and detailed conditions, there
when the court took a .recess for ' luncheon.
Bristol continued his testimony at the afternoon
session of the court. Speakingr^of the blockade
of Cienfuegos, he sald.he had observed the elg
nal lights on. the shore near Cienfuegos, but
had not understood their significance. -The wit
ness also described the .blockade off Santiago.
Hanna here asked the witness:
"If the vessels of the Spanish equadron had
Mr. Raynor asked if It was true as had
been officially stated' in the report, that the
positions were assigned from "known bear
ings?" "The witness replied that that state
ment wa.3 Incorrect;, that they were established
by estimated bearings. Most of the positions
were, he said, fixed by discussions among the
navigators constituting the board, although
Captain Chadwlck was before th© board. The
navigators had done the best they could in
platting the vessels and had made It as nearly
correct as possible, so long after the engage
ment, as had been stated by the board.
Asked by Raynor about the places assigned
to the Brooklyn and the Texas, while the
former vessel was making her loop, Com
mander Wainwrlght said he did not consider
them correct.
"For myself," he said, "I was never satis
fied with the places assigned."
He said further that the board had done
the best that they could at the time, an a
board. "It was the best we could do to get all
the members of the board to sign the report,"
be said.
"Who In addition to yourself waa not satis
fied?" asked Raynor.
"I would not like to say," responded the wit
ness. "I know that the navigator of the Texas
was not, for one. I think none was satisfied
except the navigator of the Brooklyn, and I
don't know that he was."
"Bat, notwithstanding, you wero all, includ
ing the navigator of the Brooklyn, dissatisfied,
you signed the report?"
"That is correct."
On redirect examination. Commander Wain
wrlght said that in making the chart all the
members of the board were at liberty to con-'
tribute whatever data they had or to make
whatever arguments they might desire. He also
said that the chart was a compromise of opin
ions. In response to further questions -the wit
ness said he did not see the Brooklyn on the
day of the battle off Santiago. Questions were
put by the court and answered as follows: '
"Were the positions of the ehlps as shown on
the chart in question obtained from testimony
taken by. the board or from a general discus
sion by the members of the board?" •
"Almost entirely by general discussion" by
the members or the board. Captain Chadwlck
and Captain Cook appeared end discussed the
matter with the board." ....
"From the position of the Gloucester at the
commencement of the battle of July 3, could
you see both the Brooklyn. and the Texas?"
"I do not remember seeing the Brooklyn and
Texas at the commencement of the battle." '
"What" orders, If any, were signaled by the
Brooklyn to the fleet during the engagement of
July 3?" , • .-:-...
"I saw none."
Raynor— This does not mean that no signals
were displayed,, does It? " ' .
"No, it does not."
\u25a0 By the court— Did any one of the Spanish'
vessels change her course to the southward, aa
if intending to ram one of the fleet? "
"I saw no signs of it." ,.: . - ;.' j
Lieutenant Bristol's Story. .
Positions of the Vessels.
the American and Spanish ships . at Santiago.
The witness told how conclusions were reached
by the board. He said:
"When I reported as senior member of the
board, the board of navigators had a sketched
chart before them with the number of the po
sitions sketched on it, which had been-deter
mined by them, starting at different periods,
first when the ships came out and afterward
when they went ashore. Each navigator, as
near as possible, would put the position -of his
ship at that time. Then there was a great
deal of discussion as to the relative positions.
Of course It was impossible to get any position
by bearings-- and- there was known
about the relative positions. We also, knew
that the distances In the chart were some
what incorrect and the final decision of the
board was to reconcile each one as near as
possible, but none of the positions was con
sidered exact. The impossibility of getting
bearings even if we had had a correct chart,
was apparent, but It gave a general Idea of the
positions of the vessels during different periods
of the battle."
General Chaffee Sends
Names of Massacred
Soldiers.
The three officers killed in the fight are
Jiot mentioned in to-day's list, their
deaths having been reported in a dispatch
sent several days ago. . 4 .
WASHINGTON,' Oct. 8.— The list of cas
ualties sustained by the Ill-fated Com
pany C, Ninth Infantry, In the massacre
In Sartar, In the Philippines, is given out
in the followlisg cablegram received* at
the War Department late ' to-day from
General Chaff fee, dated Manila, October 8:
Casualties, engagement Balingaga, Sa
inar, September 28. Wounded will be re
ported as soon as received:
railed— Sergeant John F. Martin, Ser
g-earrt James N. Randies, Corporal Henry
J. Scharer. ; . . : ,».-;
Privates Joseph I. Godon, James N.
Martin, John A. Aydelotte, Byron Dent,
EH Fitzgerald. Charles E. Sterling, Rob
ert S. Sproull, John R. Miller, Richard
Long, Joseph Turner. Gustave F. Schuita
ler. Corporal Frank McCormack, Privates
Proat Peters, Leonard P. Schley, Artificer
Joseph R. Maxr, Privates James F. Mc-
Dermott, Charles E. Davis, Harry M.
Wood, John Wannebo, Joseph Kleinham
ple, Robert L. Booth, Guy C. Dennis,
John D. Annand, Little Armand, George
Bony, John D. Buhrer, James L. Cain,
Frank Vobayda, Charles Powers.
Died from wounds: Corporal Thomas E.
Baird, Private Chris F. Reicard, Private
Kloyd J. Shoemaker. - • - \u25a0
Missing, bodies probably burned when
Insurgents deserted town: Musician John
L. Covington, Privates Patrick J. Bob
bins, Jerry J. Driscoll. Evans South, Au
gust F. Porczeng, Christian S. Williams,
Claude C. Win&o, also Harry Wright,
hospital corps.
Killed September 1, Basay, Samar, Com
pany O, Ninth Infantry: Corporal John
L. Weiss, Private Charles L. McManus.
At the War Department it is said that
the names of Joseph L. Godon, Gustave
F. Schultzler and John Wannnebo are
subject to correction later.
FAMOTJS OFFICER OF THE NAVY WHO DIRECTED THE OPERATIONS OF THE UNITED STATES FLEET AT
THE GREAT BATTLE OFF SANTIAGO AND WHO WILL RETIRE FROM ACTIVE SERVICE TO-DAY UN
DER THE REQUIREMENTS OF THE AGE LIMIT REGULATION.
Lieutenant Commander Hodgson being
cused Commander Wainwrlght was called
Captain Lemly began his examination by
drawing- from the witness the fact -that he
had been a member and latterly senior mem
ber of the board which had officially acted
In making the charts showing the positions of
"I. of course, am very sorry that I ever so
far forgot myeelf as to write a letter containing
such intemperate language. It waa not written
exactly lor publication, but under great provo
cation at the time. In that letter I did not
accuse this newspaper of lying for printing that
statement. In fact. It was to absolve it from
lying that I gave the paper authority to use
my name for the correctness of the gist of that
statement. The lying was on the matter of the
fact that the commodore displayed such trepi
dation and cowardice on the Erooklyn the day
of that battle that he ran from the Spaniards
and took the Brooklyn to the southward and
away rrom the nght. In order to detract from
the credit of the fame of the commodore In
that battle; that they wished also to detract
from the credit of all the officers of the Brook
lyn on account of the glorious part she took Id
that day's fight. It was the words to that ex
tent that I characterized as lying. There was
no lying In that colloquy unless a man stuck
to the verbal correctness of the words So I
did not characterize the paper as a Hal for
printing that colloquy."
After Lieutenant Dyion was excused Lieuten
ant Commander Hodgson was recalled for the
purpose of correcting errors In hU testimony as
printed in the official record. He took occasion
to change some of the language of his previous
testimony. One of these changes was made In
response to the questions asked yesterday as to
why he had designated aa a "liar and a black
guard" the editor of a newspaper which had
originally printed the alleged colloquy between
himself and Commodore Schley. He said' he de
sired to alter the reply that he had yesterday
given' to this interrogatory. He then said:
Hodgson on the Stand.
"Mr. Raynor asked if It was not necessary to
stop the ship to couple the uncoupled engines,
and the witness replied that the ship could have
been kept going with one engine while the other
was coupled. The engines were- designed, he
said, to be kept coupled during- war. Discuss
ing the speed of the various vessels of the fleet
on July 3, the witness said that the Oregon got
up a Ppeed about equal to the Brooklyn on that
day, notwithstanding that on her trial 1 trip the
Drooklyn made over twenty-one knots to the
Oregon's seventeen knots. , He called attention
to tr-.e ract that the New York had made six
teen or peventeen knots' ppeed on the day of
the battle. In response to questions from Cap
tain Parker he Bald that the New Tork had not
had her engines coupled on the day of battle
and that the Brooklyn had mane all the neces
sary speed. > . -. ' •, -'..
In response to other questions the witness de
tailed from the log of the Brooklyn all that was
done en that vessel to get up soeed. .
The reply was: "The Brooklyn has four main 1
engines, two to each shaft, connected together
by couplings. Sho has seven boilers, five main
and two auxiliary. On the morning of July 3
both forward engines were uncoupled; there
were banked fires under three of the main boll
era. Two other boilers were what we call
'dead,' no steam In them." Judging from the
time it took to start fires in these boilers after
the Spanish fleet came out of the harbor I
should say the furnaces were, not even primed
and two of the boilers had to be run up to
the fsea steaming level. It took from 9:35 to
10 o'clock to start fires."
"What does the Brooklyn's steam log show
as to the number of engines coupled up and
the boilers In use July 3, 189S, as compared
with the total engine and boiler power of the
vessel?"
At the* request of Captain Parker of counsel
for Admiral Schley the witness examined the
log of the New Orleans of May 30 and 31, 1898,
for the purpose of determining- accurately the
state of the weather, but he declined to modify
his statement of yesterday that the weather on
those days was bad. • •
Captain Folger was then excused and Lieu
tenant Dyson was called. He was questioned
by Captain Lemly concerning the steaming
condition of the Brooklyn on July 3. The judge
advocate asked:
"Nothing further that \ recollect."
Captain Folger also said that he had no
recollection of a picket line on • the Inside ; of
the American fleet. . .. - ; * _ \u25a0 ; -
"Toward the evening of one of the days, the
'39th, there was an extended, very severe rain
storm, so severe that I feared Cervera. had
gotten out, as it was sufficiently long to have
permitted him to do so. I went on board the
nag-ship the next day, thinking It my duty
to tell the commodore what I had seen as to
the blockade as kept by the Japanese off. the
port of Weihaiwei, where similarly an enemy's
fleet was within a fortified harbor. I said to
the commodore that the adoption of the tactics
of the Japanese, forming a circle directly In
front of the harbor, would, in my opinion, be
preferable, as then It would "be "difficult for
anything to get out."
Judge advocate— Was there any reply by the
commodore ?
"I cannot testify exactly as to his reply. I
would prefer, not to do so." . . .' .
Judge advocate— Give the substance.
"He did not agree with me as to the neces
sity for that."
"Was there anything further Bald by him?"
Feared Gervera Escaped.
During the summer of 1S9S Walnwright com
manded the converted yacht. Oloucester, which
played a conspicuous part in thq 'campaign
tgalnst the Spaniards. In the battle of July
S his vessel occupied a position on the extreme
right of the American column to. the east of
the Indiana, and when the Spanish torpedo
boats Pluton and Furor came out of the har
bor he attacked them fearlessly and aided ftn
their destruction. He also was an observer,
though at a distance, of the battle between
the big^ghips of the two fleets. \u25a0 -,,.._X r \u25a0-.-••. •
The proceedings of the day" began' by ' the
recall" of Captain Vf. M. Folger, ior^the-pur
pose of correcting his testimony "of yesterday.'
Advantage was. taken; of his presence to ask
him further questions concerning the blockade
of Santiago. Among other questions he was
asked by Captain L«n!y ifrhe had had any.
conversation with Commodore Schley during
the blockade. He replied:
WASHINGTON. Oct. 8.— After the usual pre
liminaries in the Schley naval court of inquiry
to-day Lieutens.:» C. AV. Dyson of the bureau
of steam engineering of the Navy Department
wan recalled to continue his testimony regard-
Ing the coal supply of Admiral Schley' 8 Hying
squadron at the time of Its arrival off San
tiago harbor on May 26, 1S9S. He wa3 brought
In this morning at the Instance of Admiral
SciUey's counsel for the purpose of giving
further teetimony concerning the availability
of the coal supply In charging the enemy.
It was the understanding when court opened
that Commander Kichard Walnwrisrht would
be the principal witness of the day and that
alter he should be excused Messrs. Bristol,
Grant and .Potts would be called in the order
named. The three last mentioned were all
watch officers on various vessels of the Amer
ican fljet on July 3, when the naval engage
ment ctf Santiago was fought. It has been
the desire of the court to secure as much tes
timony as possible from the men whose especial
duty it was to keep a lookout and these three
officers were summoned to gratify this wish.
There was a special interest in Commander
Walnwright' s. testimony because of his prom
inent identification with the Spanish war and
also because of the fact. that he is now super
intendent, (ft the Naval Acadamy at Annapolis.
Tell Their Stories.
Officers Who "Were on the Vessels
SHIPS IN- TEE BATTLE.
DEATH'S LIST
IN THE NINTH
"The fact that they have occasional
earthquakes on the isthmus will not have
any effect upon the work now In progress
toward the ultimate building of the
canal. It would be idle to abandon the
project or unnecessarily delay commence
ment of the work because we are afraid
of earthquakes. On the. same principle
you might say It is idle to encourage tne
.growth of Southern cities because
Charleston \u25a0was once visited by a serious
earthquake.
"I have no doubt that this occurrence
may be ured by the opponents of the
canal as a reason why there should be
no definite action taken by Congress on
the subject this winter. The Panama
canal people are hard at work to defeat
the selection of the Nicaragua route, and
their efforts are reinforced by the Pan-
US* Railroad Company, the Pa-ciric
Steamship Company, the transcontinental
railroad systems, and in fact all those
\u25a0who are opposed to the -building of j a
canal by either the Nicaragua or Panama
routes."-
"ihat is an earthquake country," je
plied the admiral. ••They have frequent
tremors and light quakes of the earth
all through that Isthmian region. In our
t ortiiecming report to Congress on the
canal i go into the subject of earth
quakes at considerable length. The last
severe earthquake they had at Nicaragua
was in IS 14. There have been numerous
light shocks since. The last severe earth
quake at Panama was In 1S82.
"1 know nothing about last ntjjhT's
earthquake at San Juan Del Sur.v^'hlch
is from eight to ten miles from the west
ern terminus of the Nicaraguan canal
route. The dispatch does not say how
serious Jt was. but 1 notice that it states
the earthquake was followed by a tidal
wave, which shows conclusively that it
had its origin out at sea.
MANAGUA, Xlcaragua, Oct. 8.— Severe
seismic disturbances, caused by volcanic
action in the Pacific, raising the level
of the ocean, occurred at 9 o'clock last
night. The Pacific Coast of Nicaragua
was flooded to a depth of eight feet and
much damage was done. . \u25a0;.'
CALL BUREAU, 1106 G STREET. N.
TV.. WASHINGTON, Oct. 8.— Rear Ad
miral John G. Walker, president of the
Nicaragua Canal Commission, was to
day asked what significance the earth
quake last night at San Juan Del Sur,
Nicaragua^ would have in relation to the
proposed isthmian canal.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Volcanic Action in the Pacific
Causes Alarming *
Floods. - ..-'
Lieutenant Bristol had not concluded his
testimony when the court adjourned for
the day. He<iid not see the loop made by
the Brooklyn, the greater part of his tes
timony turning upon a chart he had made
showing, largely according to his memory,
the positions of the various ships of the
American fleet at different times during
the engagement of July 3. There were
several spirited controversies between
counsel over Questions asked the witness
by Mr. Itaynor concerning his chart.
Commander Wainwrlgnt's testimony
dealt largely with chart-making. He was
for a time senior member of the Board
of Navigators which prepared the official
chart snowing the position of the Ameri
can ships during the battle off Santiago,
and he gave details of the method of its
preparation. He said he did not consider
the positions assigned in that drawing ac
curate, but they were given as the result
cf a compromise of the views of the mem
bers of tne board.
Lieutenant Commander Hodgson, Cap
tain Folger and Lieutenant Dyson mads
additions to their previous testimony.
"W'ainwright, who commanded
the Gloucester during the war with Spain,
and Lieutenant At. L. Bristol, who, as en
sign, was a watch and division" officer on
the battleship Texas during that period.'
WASHINGTON, Oct. 8.-There
were two new witnesses before
the Schley court of Inquiry to
day. They were Commander
Earthquakes Cause Loss
to Townp on the
Isthmus.
Hodgson Explains the
Cause of the Now
Famous Colloquy
OCEAN SWEEPS
ON NICARAGUA
War Charts Cause
Controversy at the
Schley Inquiry pourt
NAVAL OFFICERS DESCRIBE THE CHASE OF SPANISH SHIPS
AND THE STORM OF SHELL-FIRE NEAR SANTIAGO HARBOR
ASKS BRITONS
TO BE PATIENT
Gloucester's Com
mander Gives In
teresting Testimony
Comment Is Made on
Remarkable Speed
of Battleship Oregon
Lord Roberts Comments
on the South African
War.
Former Governor of Johan
nesburg on Trial in
London. *~
the navy to-day and to-morrow he will go
on the retired list by operation of tne law
on account of age. His retirement will
have no effect whatever upon the court
of inquiry.
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
Changes Hade In the Postal Servico
and Pensions and Patents
Granted.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 8.— The Fostofflce
Department to-day issued the following:
Postmasters commissioned: California—
Nellie B. Gillesple, Helix. Washington-
Irene Bockover, Axford. Appointed:- Cal
ifornia—J. C. Van Matre, Minersville,
Trinity County, vice Almee Breton, re
signed.
Joseph McWilliams & Co. of Louisville,
Ky., was awarded the contract for a com
plete mechanical equipment for the San
Francisco postofflce and courthouse buIM
ing for $220,517.
These pensions were granted: Califor
nia: Original— George \V. Boggs, River
side, $6. Increase— Benjamin Ingersoll,
Veterans' Home, Napa, $8. Mexican War
—Jesse A. Mills, Woods ville, $12. Widow,
war with ' Spain, special September 26—
Jane A. Bverts, Alameda, 520.
Oregon: Original— Henry H. Northrup,
Portland, $6.
Patents were Issued to-day as follows:
California — Simeon Bishop, San Francisco,
preserving foods; Henry S.'Farquhar, San
Francisco, apparatus for removing snow
from thoroughfares: William F. Ferch,
Los Angeles, fishhook; Ethelbert M. Fra
ser, San Francisco, assignor by mesne as
signments to the Otis Elevator Company,
New Jersey, electric elevator system;
Frank A. G,arbut, Los Angeles, well cas
ing swage; William A. Hagans, Los An
geles, textile fabric; Charles A. Huff mas
ter, San Leandro, variable speed gover
nor; Peter H. Jackson, San Francisco,
portable concrete beam; Andrew W. Liv
ingston, San Francisco, automatic can
head coating machine; John C. F. Mc-
Griff, Sail Francisco, burial casket; Otto
Nlehaus, West Berkeley, hinge; Patrick
H. Reardon, San Francisco, engine for
rockdrills; Major J. Robinson, Los An
geles, rotary engine; David H. Rowe, as
signor to T. Rowe & Co... East Oakland,
Ink well; Sato Rujl, San Francisco, boat;
Jacob D. Rush, San Diego, garment hold
er; Alfred C. Stewart, San Paula, motor
vehicle; Cornelius Stout, Pomona, gauge.
Oregon— William T. Hatten, Heppner,
wrench; } Thomas McCusker, Portland,
portable photographic darkroom; Thomas
J. Thorp, Forest Grove, assignor one
fourtn to.G. E. Dawson and.J. C. Thom
as, Chicago, baling press; John D. Whit
man, Medford, weed cutter for cultiva
tors.
Washington— Francis H. Cook, Mead,
impact water wheel: Samuel P. Mackey
and F. H. Gilbert, Ridgefleld, liquid
weighing machine; Charles^. Shaw, Spo
kane, combined mop and mop wringer.
Miss Griscom, the Present Holder of
— the Title, Fails to Live Up- * -
. . to Her Reputation. . -. '.
NEW YORK, Oct. 8.— Fine weather,
good links and surprising reversal of form
were the features in the play for the
women's golf championship of America,
which began to»,day on the links of the
Baltusrol Golf Club near Shorthills, N." J.
The present champion. Miss Frances E.
Griscom, failed to live up to her reputa
tion as a golfer, as she was unable to
qualify for the rounds which will occupy
the remainder of the week. The best
scores follow:
PLATER. Out. In. Total.
Mrs. Manice 49 4S 97
Miss Margaret Curtis 49 4H 97
Miss Adams 50 47 97
Miss Heron 50 47 97
Miss X. P. Rodgers 52 43 1C0
Miss Oliver 53 47 100
Miss Hecker 53 43 1C1
Miss Wells 53 49 102
Miss E. Farrlngton 53 49 1C2
Miss G. Bishop 50 52 102
WOMEN TN COMPETITION
FOB GOLF CHAMPIONSHIP
LONDON, .Oct. 8.— Lord Roberts, after
distributing medals to the troops to-day,
alluded to the concern of the nation over
South African affairs and to the attacks
of the press on the Government for not
doing more. The Government, he said, re
lied on Lord Kitchener, whose every re
quest for men, horses and stores had been
compiled with. He exhorted the people to
be patten t.
Dr. Krause, the former Governor of Jo
hannesburg, who was arrested September
2 on the charge of high treason, was ar
raigned In the Extradition Court at Bow
street to-day aijd charged with high trea
son and incitement to murder. The for
mer charge is connected with the surren
der of Johannesburg, when, according to
the Public Prosecutor. Dr. Krause ob
tained from Lord Roberts twenty-four
hours' armistice on the plea that street
fighting would thereby be obviated, and
utilized the period in getting all the Boer
fighters out of town and In sending £1SO.
000 to Pretoria. After I>r. Krause had
been paroled he went to Europe and ap
plied to Dr. Leyds, the agent of the
Transvaal, for money on account of these
services.
The prosecution Introduced evidence to
show that Dr. Krause was in communi
cation with Dr. Cornelius Borecksman, the
Public Prosecutor of Johannesburg, who
was executed September 30 last for trea
son, and that he urged the necessity for
shooting or otherwise disposing of Doug
lass Foster, an English lawyer attached
to Lord Roberts' staff, who was very ac
tive against the Boers.
The nrosecutlon Introduced letters in
which Dr. KraTise described Lord Milner
as "an arch scoundrel and an enemy of
Boer national existence and a willing tool
of the jingoes," and advised the burghers
to break their oaths and shoot traitors.
The letters indicated that Dr. Krause act
ed as a channel of communication be
tween the Transvaal and the Boer Gov
ernment in Holland. The prisoner was re
manded.
BRITISH GRAFT
THEIR TARGET
South Americans Stop
Steamer Near an Ecu
ador Port.
KINGSTON, Jamaica, Oct. 8.— The
newspapers here print a number of let-,
ters from Bocas del Toro and other ports
of Colombia complaining: of outrages on
British subjects, including women. Strong
appeals are made to the government to
send -tf warship for their protection and
also to demand compensation. Over a
hundred refugees have arrived here from
Colon.
COLON. Colombia, Oct. 8.— (Previous
cabling of this matter prevented.)— A
force of Liberals numbering at least 250
attacked Morro Island, commanding the
entrance to the port of Tumaco. Septem
ber 24th. The Island had all along been
garrisoned with fewer than a hundred
troops, well supplied with arms, ammuni
tion and commissary stores, including:
more than 150 head of cattle and other
provisions In proportion. The landing was
effected before daybreak by means of
canoes. \u25a0* Simultaneously the island was
stormed from the other end by Liberals
on the mainland. .
Morro Island Is surrounded by shallow
sandbanks and the only means of ap
proaching Tumaco is by the narrow river
which is within easy range of the Island.
The British steamer Quito, bound from
Guayaquil, Ecuador, for Panama and
touching at port3 between, anchored off
Morro Island on the night of September
28, and, weighing anchor at daybreak,
started up the stream toward Tumaco.
The Liberals fired a shot across her bows.
Suspecting the situation she immediate
ly turned, but rifle shots and one cannon
continued to be fired at her, the former
striking her several times and the latter
ohce, the ball making a hole right through
her above the water mark, though the
damage in other respects was slight.
The Quito then steamed to the farthest
pofnt the tide would permit and again an
chored. The firing was now resumed, but
it ceased after a few minutes, the Lib
erals having discovered the imprudence
of their action.
It is significant that shortly after the
Quito incident became known the British
warship Icarus left Panama for a desti
nation not made public, but presumably
Tumaco. The steamship agents have been
officially notified not to accept freight at
the i»ort.
WORK IS COMPLETED
ON THE ASPEN TTrwNTTT.
Millions of Dollars Expended in
Shortening Distance on the Union
SALT LAKE, Utah, Oct. 8.— The great
Aspen tunnel op the Leroy-Bear River
cut-off on the Union Pacific Railroad was
Si°i^5 1 n£ e «v this ii evcnIn8i and train s will be
running en, er the new route next Sunday.
T,Pf cut-off and tunnel shorten the line
nearly ten miles and reduce the grade
over that portion of the road from sev
tnnSJi°h«T th ". e fBet tO th * =»"" The
e r ' h " been two years in course of
t£2 s^ uctlon a "?,, ha3 cost even more than
»n e ™n m £ n Hil i cut -°«- which involved
an expenditure of over $3,000,000.
Monument Fund Growine.
SAN JOSE, Oct. 8.— The McKInle
monument fund has reached $12,300.
' : \u25a0- . \u25a0 ' \u25a0\u25a0• \u25a0 '\u25a0--:\u25a0'- ;- ; -•\u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 • • - . .* \u25a0 • • -xsm
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 9, 1901.
The regatta committee of the Pacific
Interclub Yacht Association 1 held a meet
ing last night at the Merchants' Exchange
to decide the protest made by the owner
of the yacht Merope against the yawl
Gypsie after the annual Admission day
regatta. The protest was disallowed it
was found that the owner of the Meroi>e
raised a protest against the wrong boat
the Discovery being the one to interfere
with him, and also that the Gypsie had
the right of way against the other two
yachts, which had a free wind. The re
fusal to entertain the protest gives the
first prize in the yawl class to the yawl
Gypsfo and second prize to the yawl
Arcturus. *«*»»»
SilveT Trophy for Yawl Gypsie.
KANSAS CITT, Oct. 8.— Clarence Forbes
secured the decision over Oscar Gardner
to-night in the ninth round of their fight.
Gardner was hopelessly overmatched
After two minutes' fighting in the ninth
round the referee, Tommy Ryan, stopped
the fight to save Gardner, who was al
most helpless, from further punishment.
Forbes Defeats Oscar Gardner.
The bride is a prominent young society
lady and the groom is well known as an
astronomer.
SAN JOSE, Oct^8.— The most elaborate
home wedding in this city in years was
celebrated at the residence of Mrs. and
Mrs. S. F. Lelb this evening, when their
daughter, Miss Elna "Warren Lelb, was
united in marriage to W. H. Wright, as
sistant astronomer at the Lick Observa
tory. The beautiful grounds of the Leib
home were illuminated and the residence
was decorated with flowers and plants. A
host of friends and relatives gathered in
the parlors, where the ceremony was per
formed by Dr. C. H. Mockridge of Trinity
Episcopal Church, assisted by Dr. Wake
field. A wedding feast followed the cere
mony.
X-ick Observatory Scientist Takes for
His Bride a Charming San
Jose Girl.
ASTRONOMER WRIGHT
AND MISS LIEB WED
4
E^p (^^t^Hl repeat. They don't jam, catch, or fail to extract. In a
Wj I 'l^v 7^3 word ' are the onl y reliable repeaters. Winchester
Ha r '^ eS are ma^ e * n a M desirable calibers, weights, and
BgKj^^ \u25a0/ UbBH9b<| styles { and are plain, partially or elaborately oma-
\u25a0flU ///&B8I&KM mented » suJtin £ every purpose, every pocketbook, and
p^^^g^^^ w&inchester AnmiunifsGn
ilsiKiSiP^^EaWaSa — Sen <* nama and address on postal for our J 64-pag* catalogue
S^^^j^LWINCHESTER REPEATING ARMS CO., gJSSca?*'olutions last evening ex
cluding the San Francisco Ex
aminer from the files of the
library. The resolutions are
as follows:
"Whereas, The Examiner,
published in San Francisco,
has, by its malicious, indecent,
untruthful and ungentlemanly
editorials and cartoons per
sonally abused our late Pres
ident of the United States and
his administration, and as we
believe such publications to a
great extent responsible for
his assassination; and
•v "<; TJHTTrTA, Oct. 8. — The
|—4 trustees of the Eureka
I Free Library passed res-
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CASTS OUT
THE HEARST
NEWSPAPER
STOCKTON, Oct. 8.— Tho twenty-first
annual session of the. Central Baptist As
sociation of California convened here this
afternoon. Two hundred delegates were
at the opening and more arrived on the
evening" trains. Moderator Z. N. Goldsby
will preside.
Central Baptist Convention.
PHOENIX, Ariz., Oct. 8.— Dr. G. W.
Vickers, Territorial Auditor, has resigned
and his resignation was accepted by Gov
ernor Murphy. . The Governor appointed
Judge W. F. Nichols of Wilcox to succeed
him. Dr. Vickers will devote himself to
the management of the Arizona 'Repub
lican, of which he is the president and
general manager.
Arizona's Auditor Resigns.
Bold Robberies in Victor.
SAN BERNARDINO, Oct. 8.-Vlctor,
the mining town thirty miles from this
city, . was visited last night by two dar
ing robbers. They first visited the Victor
Hotel, and while the clerk was out of the
office stole a revolver and a small sum of
money. They left the Jiotel and walked
to Preciado's saloon, where Jthey covered
the barkeeper and the loungers with their
revolvers. While one stood guard the
other rifled the money drawer, obtaining
about $100. They backed out of- the sa
loon and disappeared in the darkness.
•*" In vain the taotai tried to frighten the
woman by the assertion that such visi
tations as the late typhoon and floods
had been brought about through such
wickedness as hers. Suffice it to say the
suicide occurred without let or hindrance
on the part of the authorities or anybody
else and in the presence of an admiring
crowd, the woman having bedecked he£
self \u25a0with the finest -raiment for the oc
casion.
VICTORIA, • B. C, Oct. 8,-News was
received from Fuchow, by the latest
Oriental liner, of the public suicide by
hanging 1 of a Chinese widow before a
crowd of *\u25a0 several hundred spectators.
The poor woman resolved upon killine
herself after* the death of her husband
and gave notice of her Intention, 'the
event being looked forward to by the
Chinese. Twice arrangements were marie
to carry out the suicide, but on account
of the ravages of a typhoon and because
of floods it was. twice postponed: v The
unfortunate woman sold the paddy field
she possessed for $160 and purchased
some splendid clothing and a coffin with
the money.
The taotai, getting word of her Inten
tion, had her brought before him and
kindly expostulated with • her, pointing 1
out the unreasonableness and wrong ot
the resolve she had made, but all to no
effect. She said that her husband and
all her children were dead and she no
longer desired to live. The taotal's offer
to make provision for her did not divert
her from her purpose and he next sent
her brother-in-law with an order to pre
vent her carrying -out her intention, but
this action was equally useless. \u25a0
See Her Hang: Herself.
Principal in the Tragedy Issues ?.n
Advance Notice and Hundreds
CHINESE CBOWD VIEWS
"WOMAN'S PUBLIC SUICIDE
Ferndale (Toll) 3 2 3
Fanny G (Scott) Dls.
Robert AVood (Washington) /Pis.
Bendini (McGregor) * DIb.
Time— 2:21%. 2:26. 2:33.
Five and a half furlongs, selling— Rlxford 9S
(Hoar), 9 to 5. won; Rio Colorado. 103 (Ransch)
5 to 2, second; Crutch. 103 (See), S to 2, third.
Time. 1:09. Albuquerque, Graclas, Istesso,
Yuca and George Gordon also ran.
Five furlongs— Katherine Ennis, 109 (Ran
som). 6 to 5. won: Lou Clievenden. 109 (Hoar),
even, second; Pongo. 109 (McCarty). 5 to 1.
third. Time. 1:02. Qupen Estor. Glencoe, Delia
Connors and Kitty Tozler also ran.
Six furlongs, Belling— Howard. 97 (Bur
lingame). 3 to 1. won; Mike Rice. 114 (Romero),
8 to S. second; El Orlente. 109 (Random), 3 to 1.
third. Time. 1:13%. Myrtle and El Rey also
ran.
Onn mile, selling— Oscar Tolle, 104 (Ransom),
8 to 5. won: CaBtake. 110 (Romero), 9 to 5, sec
ond: Lizzella, 110 (See),, 4 to 5. third. Time,
l:40&- Alicia and Game' Warden also ran.
Time— 2:28, 2:23. 2:31.
2:21 pace, purse $400, three Jn five:
Maud Wilkes, Sllkwood, by Addlson
Wilkes (Hackney) Ill
Wood Nymph (Williams) 2 3 2
walkover for the 2:13 pace to-day at Agricul
tural Park. The other five entries were de
clared Qut and El Diablo went over the course
In 2:19. The 2:26 trot went to Nora McKinney
in straight heats, Lucy G taking second money.
A 2:21 pace was added to to-day's card. \t
went to Maud Wilkes In easy style. Four run
ning races completed the card. Results:
2:13 pace, puree $800. three in five:
El Diablo (ThompsoTi), walkover in 2:19.
2:35 trot, purse J700, three in five:
Nora McKinney. McKinney by Dexter
Prince fBunch) Ill
Lucy L (Albertson) >». 2 2 2
Lulu Wilkes (Washington) 3 3 3
Fortune (Langstaff) Dis.
They Are Declared Out of the 2^13
Pacing: Race at X«os Angeles.
Other Events.
JJOS ANGELES. Oct. 4.-E1 Diablo had a
Zli BIABIX> SCARES OFF
HIS FIVE COMPETITOES
therefrom, as hereinafter provided, and no
person exercising such right of appeal shall
« re P elled from the holy communion until
after final determination of such appeal as pro
vided in section 3 of this canon.
Any person receiving notice of Intended de
nial of baptism, or of confirmation or of th»v
holy communion under section 1 of. thla canon*
may appeal within three months after receiving
such notice of. intended denial to the Bishop of
the diocese or of the missionary district, and the
Bishop to whom such appeal shall have been
made shall make inquiry as to the facts and
after consultation with the standing committee'
shall grant such, relief as he may deem appro^
priate, and shall deliver in writing to the min
ister and the appellant his final determina
tion: and no such question wnen so determined
In one diocese or district shall be open for in
vestigation in any other diocese or district.
Nominations for the bishoprics of Olym
pia and North Dakota were made and will
be voted upon to-day. The profound se
crecy that exists In the house would not
permit the giving out of the names of the
candidates under consideration.
The House of Bishops will meet this
.morning at 10 o'clock.
Clerical. Lay. Total.
Ayes 28 33 «i
Noea 18 12 30
Divided 33 8 21
A letter from the San Francisco Call
was read by the secretary, which stated
that the delegates would be furnished
with their home papers every aay, and
these would be on file at the headquarters
1703 Bush street.
An adjournment was then taken for
lunch.
late chief magistrate. President McKinley— a
crime against civilization and against human
ity. President McKinley earned our admlra-.
tion by the great ability which he displayed in
the various positions he filled as a citizen, a
soldier and a statesman, and he was endeared
to us British people by his private life and^hi^.
aspirations and 'efforts for good will and peace.
The speaker gave numerous Illustrations
of this feeling toward our late President
as manifested in the general expressions
of sorrow and \u25a0 sympathy throughout the
Dominion of Canada.
The Rev. Dr. Llndsey, the chairman of
the House of Deputies, expressed the
pleasure of that house at meeting the dep
utation from Canada.
BISHOP OF NEWCASTLE
DELIVERS AN ADDRESS
The Bishop of Newcastle was then
called upon, and, though taken by sur
prise, responded gracefully, saying In
part:
As you have called upon me for a very
brief speech you will allow me, perhaps, as
representing the mother church ol England,
to express the very great gratification and
thankfulness I feel at being able to bo pres-.
ent at this convention, at least during a part
of its sessions, and my very earnest hope that
all* that Is done here may be for the well
being and the extension of your church and
of the church at large. I am not altogether
a stranger to San Francisco or to your con
ventions. I have been present at a number of
conventions — one at Philadelphia, eighteen
years ago. I shall not easily forget the dis
cussion when the first report of the commit
tee upon, the revision of the prayer book was
brought before the House of Deputies, nor cer
tainly shall I forget what I considered the
very marvelous chairmanship of the lay
man who was in the chair as the chairman
of the committee during that time. I had the
pleasure again nine years ago of being pres
ent at Baltimore when the revision of the
prayer book received its consummation, and
among the volumes in my library which I
value most highly is a presentation copy of
that prayer book, which was sent to me after
that convention.
With' a concluding expression of gratifi
cation at the visit of the deputation the
presiding Bishop brought the meeting to
a closed
"When the house reassembled a resolu
tion was offered inviting the deputation,
from the synod of Canada to seats on the
platform during its stay.
A vote was then taken upon the now
famous and much-debated Huntington
amendment, and it was lost by the fol
lowins vote:
STANFORD UXIVERSITT, Oct. 8.—
George McMillan, Stanford '97, the fourth
of the Stanford graduate coaches, arrived
on the campus to-day. McMillan" played
guard's position on the cardinal. Since
graduating he has played on the Reliance
and the famous Butte team. For the last
two years he has been coaching the Mult
nomah eleven at Portland.
Another Coach, for Stanford.
OGDEN, Utah, Oct. 8.— Professor
William Robinson, one of the
foremost musicians of Utah, was
found dead in his bed this morn-
ing. »He had been suffering from
neuralgia of the heart for some days and
had been taking medicine, but seemed in
his usual health last night when he re
tired. He was seen in his room "at 8 a. m.
to-day, but later was found reclining on
his bed dead. Cigarette smoking was the
remote cause of the disease.
Robinson came here from San Francisco
six months ago with an opera company,
which disbanded here. Since then he had
given Instruction on the piano and the
organ and had been employed as instruc
tor in the public' schools and as an or
ganist at several churches. He won a
place in the front rank In musical circles
in Utah during his short residence. He
was 38 years of age and had no relatives
in this country.
DISTINGUISHED DEPUTATION,
He was a pupil of the late Arthur Sulli
van at the Royal Academy of London,
from which he graduated. For eight
years he was musical director for D'Oyly
Carte, the original producer of all the
Gilbert and Sullivan operas.
Continued From Page Three.
Continued From Page Three.
2:12 trot, parse $1500— Captor won three
etralgh heats, each in 2:C9%. Confessor, Miss
"Whitney. Miss Duke. Dan T, Waubun. Palm
Leaf, Charley Mac, Dorothy Redmond and Edna
Cook also started.
LEXINGTON', Ky., Oct. 8,— The opening
events of the Kentucky Trotting Association
meeting were won in straight heats. Results:
The Tennessee, 2:0S pace, $3000— Dan Patch
won in 2:051-. 2:05, 2:C7»i. Shadow Chimes, Ma
zette, VPBi Leyburn, Little Squaw, Major Mus
covite and The Admiral also started.
Kentucky Futurity for three-year-olds, value
$18,000— Peter Stirling won in 2:13, 2:11%, 2:14.
"Walnut Hall, Hawthorne, Mary P. Lapburn,
Grace Arlington and Hlxie Allerton also
started.
Trotters at Lexington.
MARRIAGE AND DIVORCE DISCUSSED
After several seasons of touring through
the country Robinson located at Chicago,
where for some seasons he wielded the
baton at the Schiller Theater. Two years
ago he was called to the leadership of
the Southwell Opera Company, then play
ing an engagement at the Grand Opera
house in this city, and succeeded Selli
Simonson as leader. When \u25a0 his engage
ment expired he went on the road with a
comic opera company, and last February
succeeded Professor Hirshfeld as leader
of the Tivoli orchestra. On the termina
tion of his engagement at this house he
went on the road, and was out when
death claimed him.
The news of the death of Professor
Robinson came as a shock to his many
acquaintances in this city yesterday. Him
sterling qualities as a man and artist
were generally recognized and he became
very popular among all his associates.
He was a bohemian in the true sense of
the term, and there are many recipient:?
of his generosity who will sincerely
mourn his unexpected demise.
Professor Robinson was a native of
England. He received a good education
and at an early age evinced a talent for
music. He became a pianist of rare pow
er and soon attracted the notice of Lon
don managers. About, fifteen years ago
he. attached himself Savoy -Thea
ter, then devoted to-ttie exploitation of
the Gilbert and Sullivan operas. He be
came a leader of the orchestra at that
house and when, ton years ago, the
D'Oyly Carte Company came to America
with the Gilbert .and Sullivan repertoire
he accompanied the company as leader
and concert master.
the place of Max Hirshfeld,
THE LATE PROFESSOR ROBIN
SON, PROMINENT MUSICAL DI
RECTOR, WHO DIED IN OGDEN.
PUEBLO, Colo., Oct. 8.— The Daily
Chieftain to-morrow will say: The posi
tion of the beet-sugar manufacturers in
regard to the attack upon their industry
by the cane-sugar trust is given in a
statement made by W. I. Hartman, attor
ney for the National Beet Sugar Com
pany, whose refinery and lands are at
Sugar City, Colo.
This company's works and those of the
American Beet Sugar Company at Rocky
Ford began the annual sugar campaign
last week, and they are consuming about.
1500 tons of beets a day. Hartman says
the sugar mills will be run right along
the same as if the American Sugar Refin
ing Company's edict had not been made,
but the companies will not sell their prod
uct at at 3Vs cents a pound, as the trust Is
attempting to force them to do. Instead
they will store it if necessary, confident
that they will not have to hold It long,
but that if necessary they are able to hold
it until they get a living price. A com
bination of all the beet-sugar works is In
timated by Hartman.
Sixth race, one mile — Synopated Sandy won,
Belle of Elgin second. Bean third. Time,
1:45*. i , .
First race, five furlongs, selling— Oakling
won, Marine second. Andes third. Time, 1:03%.
Second race, six and a half furlongs, selling —
Jordan won, Revoke second, Sam Lazarus
third. Time, 1:22%.
Third race, six furlongs, celling— Jake Weber
won, Ciales second, Nearest third. Time, 1:16%.
Fourth race, one and a sixteenth miles, purse
— Antolee won. Found second, Albert F. Dewey
third. Time, 1:50.
Fifth race, mile and an eighth— South Breeze
won, aiarcy second, Teagown third. Time,
1:58.
Seventh race, one and an eighth miles — Judge
Redwine won, John McGulrk second, Valdez
third. Time, 1:52 3-5.
ST. LOUIS, Oct. 8.— Fair Grounds results:
Sixth race, one and a sixteenth miles— Reseda
won. MacGvle second. Flying Torpedo third.
Time. 1:45 2-5.
Fourth race, six furlongs — Henry Bert won,
W. J. Deboe second, Merriment third. Time,
1:13 1-5.
Fifth race, seven furlongs. The Forward
Stakes — Beesie Spahr won. South Trimble sec
ond Nellie Waddell third. Time. 1:26 3-5.
Second race, six furlongs — Plegon Post won,
Boomerack second. Lady Idris third. Time,
1:14 2-5.
Third race, six furlongs— Irish Jewel won,
Delmarch second. Impromptu third. Time,
1:13 3-5.
-CHICAGO. Oct. 8.— Results at Harlem:
First race, five furlongs— Step Onward won,
Zibia eecond, Lawrence M third. . Time,
1:01 2-5.
Racing- at Chicago.
Fourth race, the Manhattan handicap, six
furlongs— Musette won. Redpath second, King
Pepper third. Time. 1:12.
Fifth race, the Jerome handicap, one and a
quarter miles — Blues won. Baron Pepper second.
Hernando third. Time, 2:04%.
Sixth race, one mile— Criterion won, Actor
second, Alpen third. Time, 1:40.
Second race, five and a half furlongs — Namtor
\u25a0won, ,B*nald second. Blanket third.- • Time,
l:0C%.
Third race, the Matron Stakes. $20,000, six fur
longs, on eclipse course — Heno, 122 (Odom), 3
to 1. won: Yankee. 129 (Turner). 2 to 1. second;
Whisky King. 125 (Shaw). 10 to 1, third. Time,
1:11 1-5. Barron, Pentecost, King Hanover,
Masterman, Flywheel. Lux Casta. Rockwater,
Peninsula, Caughnawaga, Champagne. North
ern Star, Par Excellence and Emshee also ran.
NEW YORK, Oct. 8.— Clarence H.
Mackay's Heno, second choice at 3 to 1,
won the $20,000 Matron stakes at Morris
Park to-day. He made most of the run
ning and won cleverly from William C.
Whitney's Yankee, the Futurity winner.
The race was the feature of the opening
day of the Westchester Racing Associa
tion's fall meeting, and a big crowd was in
attendance. The track was fast.
The Matron race was run as the third
race, and sixteen high-class youngsters
faced the starter. The Whitney pair,
Yankee and Hanover, were coupled as fa
vorites at 2 to 1, with Heno a strong sec
ond choice. Eight and 10 to 1 or better
could be had against the others. The
Mackav pair, Heno and Whisky King,
practically had the race between them all
the way. Through the last furlong Heno
drew away with Jockey Odom looking
around, and won cleverly by two lengths.
Turner rode Yankee out with whip and
spur, and took the place half a length be
fore Whisky King. Results:
First race, one mile — McMeekin won, McAd
dle second. Raffaello third. Time. 1:41.
Well - Known Manufac
turers to Combine
Against Trust.
He Lowers. the Futurity
Winner's Colors
Cleverly.
SUGAR FIRMS
BEGIN A WAR
Cuts the Price of Prunes.
SAN JOSE, Oct. .8.— The California
Cured Fruit Association has cut the price
on old crop prunes to '3 cents basis.
\u25a0 When the conflagration was subdued it
was found that twelve stores and • four
large dwellings had tbeen burned to the
ground. Besides a nnmber of fish-riTv'ne
sheds 'were razed. It is estimated that
the loss is about $40,000. Magistrate
Brooking's loss amounts to "nearly $10,WU,
in drug stock and premises.
VANCOUVER, B. C, Oct. 8.— The fish
ing town of Steveston, at the mouth of
the Fraser River, where' hundreds of
thousands of oases of salmon are annual
ly packed for shipment to Europe, was
nearly destroyed by fire this morning.
The conflagration was the direct result of
incendiarism, the motive being found in
enmity recently stirred up by legal deci
sions rendered by the local justice of the
peace, W. H. Brooking, who is also owner
of one of the stores destroyed. Residents
of Steveston who are In touch with the
question excitedly aver that -to the bad
feeling engendered between former Chief
of Police Johnson and Magistrate Brook
ing the disaster is attributable. It was
mainly owing to Brooking's effort that
Johnson was discharged.
The fire was observed. at 3 o'clock in the
morning to be enwrapping Brooking's
store. Before the volunteer brigade could
be summoned ;he flames had spread over
a large section of ground. Hand pumps
were brought out and bucket brigades
formed and the- flames fought in this
primitive manner till the brigades of Van
couver and New Westminster reached the
scene, after a hard drive of nearly twenty
miles.
Feud in the British Columbia Town
Leads to the Use of the
Torch.
STEVESTON'S HEAVY LOSS *
BY I1TCENDIAIIY BLAZE
MACKAY'S HENO
DEFEATS YANKEE
For a while Buchie was safe, but some
enterprising citizen said that it was a
shame to let such a contemptible being
exist in the town. Then a crowd marched
upon the jail, threw open the N doors and
dragged out , the anarchist.
The fire hose was attached to a hyd
rant and turned upon the cringing
wretch. After he had been thoroughly
cleansed he was told to get out of town
and never appear there again. His exit
was undignified.
SEATTLE, Oct. 8.— The people of Te
koa, Wash., have invented an entirely
new method of dealing with anarchi&ts.
Briefly stated they expunge from their
creed the vulgar system of hanging and
substitute the more cleansing and yet
more depressing gush of the fire hose.
According to the latest reports the in
novation has proved 'efficacious and will
be used exclusively for all persons who
express ideas of an anarchistic tendency.
The especial object of Tekoa' s indig
nation is John Buchie, who has been
driven from pillar to post ever since he
spoke too freely after tire assassination
of President McKinley. Spokane kicked
him out and then Fairfield gave him
a similar push. When he landed in Te
koa the City Marshal, was compelled to
put him in jail to prevent a mob using
him fdr a football, the season's practice
having just commenced.
The rain began last night, but the storm,
which formed off Galveston did not break
until early this morning, and from 3 a. m.
until 3 p. m. the precipitation was tremen
dous. For the fourteen hours ending at
12:30 p. m. 14.08 inches of water fell. From
8 a. m. to 1 p. in: three inches fell.
The rain- was accompanied by wind,
which blew forty-two miles an hour at
11:30 a.*m. from the east. The streets were
inundated and streetcar traffic was
stopped, all business being practically
suspended.
The damage cannot be estimated at this
time, but it is not believed to be heavy.
Some of the buildings were partly flooded
by water backing over the streets. The
tide was only two feet above normal, and
there was no salt water in the streets.
The rain was local, extending only along
a portion of the Texas coast and inland
for firty or sixty miles with less,intensity.
GALVESTON, Tex., Oct. 8.— Galveston
was visited by the heaviest rainfall in Its
history to-day.
Men of Tekoa Give John
Buchie an Unappreciated
Cleansing.
Streets Inundated and Busi
ness in the. City Sus
pended.
Citizens Visit Awful Pun
ishment Upon a
"Red."
Unhappy Galveston Suf
fers From a Furious •
Storm.
RUINOUS RAIN
FLOODS HOUSES
TURN THE HOSE
ON ANARCHIST
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAI/L, WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 9, 1901.
Professor ? William Robinson, One of the
Prominent Musicians of the Country, Is
Found Lifeless in His Room at Ogden
DEATH RENDERS SILENT
A MASTER OF MELODIES
Robinson was reared in London and
came, to America with . Lydia Thompson
some years ago and had been a director
of the orchestra for the Castle Square
Company in New York and Chicago. He
succeeded Director Slmonson with the
Southwell Company later. On' December
21, 1900, he was appointed director of the
Tivoli orchestra in San Francisco to take
"Whereas, We, the trustees
of the Eureka Free library,
believe such utterances should
be made treasonable and such
publications suppressed; there
fore, be it
"Resolved, That the libra
rian be and he is hereby di
rected to refuse to file in these
rooms any copy of said Ex
aminer after this date."
5
ADVEETISEMENTS.
CereaJ
t Fruit I
A Perfect Food Drink
Made from the choicest
fruits and cereals grown
in California.
Possesses a delicate flavor
and aroma not found in
any other Cereal Coffee.
All grocers sell it.
For Stomach Disorders,
Gout and Dyspepsia
DRINK
Best NATURAL Alkaline Water.
22O BROADWAY, N. T.
PALACE HOTEL.
For a quarter of a century these
hotels have been the headquarters of
tourists and travelers who have
journeyed from all parts of the world
to San Francisco. Guests enter-
tained on the American or European
J Plan. \u25a0 .
GRAND HOTEL.
AJVEBT fsEMENTS.
IBS m. B S vU?
are hard pains to reach, yet they are
severe pains and cause much suffering.
Women wjio sew, wash, bake, stand
up before and behind counters all -day,
work in factories, are the ones who suf-
fer with pams in the back and are the
ones that ought to use Haloruner's Pain
Remover. It drives pain from all parts
of the body, removes it quickly and
gives the body strength and vitality to
stand the next day's toil.
Ask your druggist • for Halpruner's
Pain Remover— see that you " get it.
Don't take something said to be as
good, for there is nothing as Rood as
"I have used many different medicines
and liniments for tired and lame: back,
but noae of them ever gave me any re-
lief until I tried Dr. Halpruner's Wonder-
ful Pain Remover and I was relieved at
once. MRS. TREWARTHEN,
"251 Second St., Oakland, Cal."
If your druggist hasn't Halpruner
send direct to Halpruner Medical Man-
ufacturing Company, 28 California st,
or telephone Bush 463, and we wfll de-
liver your order. 50c and $1.00 a bottle.
$1.00 size contains three times as much
as 50c size. '' \u25a0 \u25a0 '.'.,•
DISORDERS g~\
' ' \u25a0 If : "ws
BT FAR THE GREAT- W^^fV^
er number of ' patients KT Y\jj\ %J
seeking relief for so- \\ \WA/I //
! called weakness are \\ \J\ y / //
. strong, robust men in
every other respect. .Loss of Vitality, Premature-
ness, etc., are not weaknesses, but the symptoms
of inflammatory processes in the Prostate Gland
(so-called neck of bladder) caused by contracted
disorders and too often repeated and too Ions
continued excitement. Under our local plan of
treatment, directed toward reducing the en-
larged and swollen Prostate, immediate re-
sults, as indicated by increased circulation and
renewed strength, are observed. Our colored
chart of the- organs, which we send free .on
application. Is Interesting to any one wishing
to study the anatomy of the male.
DR. TALCOTT & CO., 997 Market St.
«^ FAVORITE
JL FOR WEAK WO MEN.
AMUSEMENTS. >
BEtASCOAmnTHALCSjj^^
DECIDED HIT— Every Evening This "Week.
MATINEES SATURDAT AND SUNDAY.
Stirring
w v sr* vi rw\ /"* Incidents
\u25a0 Hi n_H B L of Frontier
19 |l¥ EjH Q and Border
nntrrr Evenings 10c. 15c, 23c. 33c, 50o
I li IH; Matinees 10c. 15c. 2ac
NEXT WEEK— "WIFE FOR WIFE."
MATINEE TO-DAT, WEDNESDAY, OCT. 9.
Parquet, any seat. 23c; Balcony. 10c; Chil-
dren, any part except reserved, 10c.
New Vaudeville Brilliants !
Sisters O'Meers, Mitchell and Bar-
nard, Joe, Buster and Myra Keaton,
Belle Thome, Wilfred Clarke and
Co., Boyce and "Wilson, Madge Fox,
The Svengalis and' the Biograph.
H.VH MAT R K^Af
Belasco & Thall Managers. ~"~
TO-NIGHT^™ ALL WEEK.
"Wm. Gillette's Comedy,
Too Much Johnson.
MATINEE EVERT SATURDAT AND
SUNDAT.
\u25a0 BOUND TO MAKE YOU LAUGH.
NEXT WEEK— "THE GIRL IN THE BAR-
RACKS."
Seats on sale 6 days In advance.
ALHAMBRA.
EIGHT NIGHTS, Commencing NEXT SUN-
DAY EVENING, October 13.
Matinees Tuesday, Wednesday. Thursday. ,
~ — Friday and Saturday.
Messrs Elllnghouse and Oppenheimer announce
the appearance of .
MR. CHANNING ELLERY'S
ROYAL
ITALSAN BAND.
50 ARTISTS 50
SIG GIUSEPPE CREATORE, Director,
Assisted by
MME. JOANNA BARILI. Soprano. .
MISS IDA B. HEINTZEN. Harpist '
PRICES-50C. 75c. $1, Jl 50.
Seats ready to-morrow, 9 a. m., Sherman,
Clay & Co.'s Music Store. Alhambra Theater
Box Office. Sunday. October 13.
CHUTES AND_Z00 *:$££%"
SUPERB VAUDEVILLE BILL!
TO-MORROW NIGHT— THE AMATEURS
and a LADIES' TUG-OF-WAR.
AKo first appearance of HARRY HARMON,
the world's greatest hlghrdlver.
Telephone for seats. Park 23. •
FI^nTTFR'*? concert house.
flDinUn O Admission 10c.
• Silvia Peurarl, Val Vousden. , Volkyra, Sid-
ney Smith, Rohel Simms. Sam Holdsworth.
Watson, Davenport and Hamilton; Bartelmese
and Hlnrichs' Orchestra.
l ' Reserved Seats. 25c. Matinee Sunday.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
AMTJSEMEJTTS.
EVENINGS AT 8 SHARP.
MATINEE SATURDAY AT 2 SHARP.
TO-NIGHT, FRIDAT, SATURDAY.
The MASKED BALL
Thursday, Sunday Xights and Saturday Matinee
N&BUCCO
(NEBUCHADNEZZAR)
MONDAYT October 14. ..f.... "VERDI NIGHT*
POPULAR PRICES 25c. 50c and 75<j V
Telephone Bush 9.
fTHlS WEEK,
MATIXEE SATURDAT
HERRMANN
THE GREAT
Introducing a "World of
Accompanied by
McWatters and Tyeon
and Cr moany.
* MASONendJIWSON
In Geo. H. Broadhurst's Newest Musical
Comedy Success.
"RUDOLPH AND ADOLPH.?
Seats To-morrow.
f*ftl IBRARRA SA?1 FRANCISCO'S
vULUmEHA LEADING THEATRE
TO-MORROW AT 9 A. M.!
That's the time when seats tor the third and
FINAL, WEEK of
Will be placed on sale.
SO BEAR IT IN MIND !
The final nights of the
GREAT MUSICAL HIT
are darwlnsr near.
Every Night— This and Next "Week. "
Sundays Included— Matinees Saturdays.
MATINEE SATURDAT AND SUNDAT.
FAREWELL NIGHTS OF
JOSEPH HAWORTH
In Shakespeare's Greatest Tragedy.
POPULAR PRICES-lOc, 13c, !3c. 50c. 75c
Good Orchestra Seat All Matinees !5c
Branch Ticket Office— Emporium.
Next Week— "THE LITTJ.E MINISTER."
Herschel Mayall as Gavin Dishart. the Littls
Minister.
Reappearance after an Illness of several weeks
of Laura Nelson Hall as Lady Babble.
SUTRO BATHS.
OPEN NIGHTS.
Open dally from 7 a. m. to 11 p. m.
Bathing: from 7 a. m. to 13:30 p. m.
- \u25a0>• \u25a0- •\u25a0 . Admission 10c. Children. 5c. \u25a0-.'
Bathing Including admission. 25c. Children. 20*.
RDTTCUI7Q FOR BARBERS. BAK-
... » ' houses, billiard table*,
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, cannery
dyers, flourmills. foundries. . laundries, pane- .
hangers, printers, painters, shoe factories,
stablemen, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc
BUCHANAN BROS.,
Brush Manufacturers. 609£acramenta <»«
Weekly Call, $1 per Year
order /fW/]
| suits /W^V
H You have continually seen our advertisements in "The
H Call". for a $10.00 made-to-order suit. You have also no-
0 ticed that even though the price be low we guarantee the
18 fit and jyear of the suit; and the guarantee is money-back
|j if you are not entirely -pleased; suit kept in repair free for
a a year should you be satisfied with the purchase.
I You get absolute protection and run no ri:k. Now, is
i there any possible reason why you should not order one of
I We will give you samples if you call.
U Suits satisfactorily made to order for out-of-town customers
H through our self-measuring system. Write for samples.
I 718 Market Street and
1 Cor. Powell and Eddy Sts.WEDNESDAY OCTOBER 9, 19™
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
litresi All Ccmmcnieations U W. 8. LEASE, Xtatger.
MANAGER'S OFFICE .Telephone Pre»» «O€
PUBLICATION OFFICE... Market and Third, S. F.
Telephone Press 201.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevensoa St.
Telephone : Preni 202.
Delivered liy Carrier*. 15 Cents Per "Week.
Single Copies. S Cent*.
Terms by Mall. Including Postngei
DAII.T CALL (lncludlnr Sunday), one year $C.to
I1AILT CALL. Clncludtnr 8uc<J*y). « months J.0*
DAILY CALL, (lnclurtlr.r Sunday), I*i-onths l.M
DAILY CALL-Bjr Single Month.... «5c
FCXDAY CALL. One Year l.M
\u25a0WEEKLY CALL, One Year 1-00
All postmaster* are authorised to receive
\u25a0ubKcrlption*.
Sample copies will be forwarded wnen requested.
Hall subscribers In ordering chance of address should b*
'rarUeular to slv both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS In order
to injure a prompt and correct compliance with their request.
OAKLAXD OFFICE. 77777777". ... .1118 Broadway
C. GEORGE'KROGNESS.
Ktugtr Foreign Asrertisinr, Karqnetts Building, CMctjp.
(Lous Distance Telephone "Central 2619.")
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CARLTOJT . .Herald Sqnare
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
\u25a0 STEPHEN B. SMITH SO Tribune Building;
CHICAGO NEWS" STANDS:
Ehmsan House; P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel;
Fremont House; Auditorium Hotel.
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf -Astoria Hotel; A. Brentano, 31 Unloa Square;
iturray Hill Hotel. - ] \u25a0 y * *' \u25a0
. WASHINGTON m.'C.y OFFICE 14OG G St., W. W.
MORTO.V K. CRAXE. Correspondent.
BRANCH OFFICES — E!7 Montgomery, corner of Clay, open
until »:J0 o'clock. S00 Hayer. open until 9:30 o'clock. 633
McAlllcter. open until 9:30 o'clock. 615 Larkln. open until"
f -.80 o'clock. 1911 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 2261 Market,
corner Eixteenth, open until 9 o'clock. 1096 Valencia, open
until I o'clock. 106 . Eleventh, open until 9 o'clock. NW.
corner Twenty-second and Kentucky, open until 9 o'clock.
2200 Fillmore, open until 9 p. m.
PRESIDING OFFICER OF GRAND
LODGE, FREE AND ACCEPTED
MASONS OF CALIFORNIA.
The Sketch draws attention to the fact
that there has been no notice In any Eng
lish journal of the remarkable life of the
Prince Imperial which was recently pub
lished In France. "The author," says the
Sketch, "had the audacity to combine a
kind of drama with biography." The
book Is a dialogue, -with a running com
mentary. It reproduces, for Instance, a
conversation which is supposed to be ex
changed between father and son on the
battlefield of Saarbrucken at the begin
ning of the Franco-Prussian War.
It dramatizes a scene in a miserable Inn
in the Ardennes, where the fugitive Prince
enters for a moment with Duperre, who
is conducting him out of France. The
writer rises to the supreme height .of sen
sationalism when he represents Imagin
ary conversations between the unfortu
nate Prince and the equally unfortunate
Charlotte Watkins on her daily journeys
between Woolwich and London. It is not
a pleasant book to read, especially when
Its author deals with the tragedy in Zu
luland.
Miss Marie Corelll is one of those who
suffer mest from the penalty of great
ness. Like other leading lights in litera
ture and in politics, she has her enemies
who refuse to leave her alone in the se
clusion for which she yearns. One of the
bitterest attacks ever made upon her haa
been that for which she is most unjustly
accused — namely, the publication of her
geography In a series of biographies of
eminent people which she has been ac
cused by certain irresponsible writers of
having published as an advertisement of
herself. Now, nothing could have been
more unjust, for if ever any person de
sired to live a- retired life, with only Inti
mate friends around her, it is Miss Co
relli.
She could not even have a photograph
taken lest it might be seized upon by
some one for publication in some Illus
trated masrazine or paper.
Writing to the Dally Chronicle, Miss
Corelli in defense says she is at present
the recipient of daily Insult from various
quarters on account of that small btjou
biography which was published In a com
panion volume to those on the King, Lord
Roberts, Lord Kitchener and others.
"Have any of these." she pertinently
asks, "been accused of writing their own
biographies for purpose of advertise
ment?" But that libel is being freely cir
culated about herself. As a matter of
fact, she made every effort to prevent,
that biography being published. She adds
that the publisher himself can confirm
the statement. On" asking a solicitor's ad
vice on the subject she was told that un
less the biography contained something
false and libelous she could not success
fully take exception to It in any court of
law.
I It has been generally supposed that
"The Aristocrats" owed its conception to
the sudden craze for epistolary fiction.
As a matter of fact. I hear that Mrs.
Atherton'3 book was In the hands of tha
publishers last September. The story was,
I believe, issued anonymously, becauso
all of Mrs. Atherton's work has been re
ceived with a certain amount of abuse In
America, and she wished the work to
stand the test of unbiased criticism.
It may be guessed, then, with what rel
ish she found the newspapers which had
been most consistent in denouncing her
were loudest In their praise of "The Aris
tocrats."
Everybody has heard of that remarka
ble woman, the" Empress Dowager of
China, but not, perhaps, her name. It is
Yehonala. Georffe Lynch, who -was with
the allies in China, mentions it in his
forthcoming book- He thinks Yehonala
the most marvelous woman in the world,
and the Chinese not the least remarkable
nation. Mr. Lynch makes no pretense to
erudite knowledge. He thinks the Chi
nese were to blame, but he seeks to sec
out their case fairly. He offers an ac
count, "disjointed, lopsided, incomplete,"
of much that appeared to him as a "for
eign devil" during the recent conflict of
China with Western civilization. It ia
really a notebook, as its title implies.
. A book that will probably throw a flood
of light on the childhood of Queen Vic
toria is premised for early publication.
The volume Is being prepared by Mrs.
Gerald Gurney, the granddaughter of the
late Bishop Bloomfleld, one of the late
Queen's early advisers. She haa had
placed In her possession for purposes of
the work a number of exceedingly Inter
esting letters written by the Duchess cf
Kent and other personages connected
with the Queen's girlhood. Mrs. Gurney
is the wife of a well known London actor
and is the niece of Sir Arthur Bloomfield.
the famous architect. Mrs. Gurney's pre
vious efforts in literature have not been
ambitious, but she is the author of the
words of the pathetic hymn, "Oh, Perfect
Love!"
GOSSIP FROM
LONDON WORLD
OF LETTERS
SUMMER RATES at Hotel del Coronado.
Coronado Beach, Cal.. effective after April 15;
$60 for round trip, including 15 days at hotel,
pacific Coast S. S. Co., 1 New 'Montgomery st.
Somehow or, other the Schley court of inquiry ap
pears "to have lost Historian Maclay in the shuffle,
but' he hasn't been missed mucru % ~&i£&;
Clara Morris, who some time ago'retired from the
stage and announced 1 an intention to betake herself
to literature, has now decided to make a lecture tour.
It seems a sure thing" that vaudeville will get her at
The question of the Son solves the ques
tion of our sin.
It Is said that certain people cannot sing this
6ong..but anybody can go away back East and
elt down in the comfortable trains of the Nickel
Plate Road. These trains carry Nickel Plate
Dining Cars in which are served American Club
Meals at from 35c to $1.00 each. Call or write
for free book showing views of Buffalo Pan-
American Exposition^ "Jay w, /Adams, P. C.
'P. A.. 37 Crocker Bldg., San' Francisco CaU
"Go Away Back and Sit Down."
.The trial and conviction of Czolgosz were excellent
enough in their promptness and their, justice to serve
as a model for all trials for. murder,, and it is to be
hoped \u25a0\u2666he courts will be wise enough to' follow the
precedent.
Among the drawbacks of civilization are
the people who think they i know us so
much better than we know them.
. The New Jersey Democrats have nominated Mayor
Seymour- of Newark for . Governor, and they are
bragging now that they will elect him by a majority
big enough to give him t a boom for the Presidency
in 1904, but after the election, there may be another
song. \u25a0 *>.'*/ y-": \u25a0 '•\u25a0•'.*•\u25a0
• Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
Mr. Flatbush— Handwriting Is so Illegi
ble that doctors should be forced to type
write their prescriptions.
Mr. Bensonhurst— But, heavens! think
of the mortality that would ensue while
they were learning to typewrite and were
sending out such prescriptions as, for
instance: j
AqUa fOHtis % saL •&£ 97 NUx
o|o|J THRee tlmles &[day.
]haLf Z$$ YZ% —Washington Star
Political experts, figure out that the States of New
York, Pennsylvania, Ohio, Illinois. and Indiana con
stitute the Presidential center of the country, and no
candidate who lives outside of it can be counted as
available .for either party. Mr. Bryan's view of the
theory has not yet been stated.
Townsend's California glace fruits, 50c a
pound, in fire-etched boxes or Jap. bas
kets. A nice present for Eastern friends
639 Market street. Palace Hotel building •
Drunkenness and all drug habits cured
at Willow Bark Sanitarium. 1839 Polk. •
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lb at Townsend's.*
Choice candles, Townsend's, Palace Hotel*
A New. York man who found a burglar in his
house held him up at the point of a revolver, searched
him and found in his pocket $10, which he took, as
he said,, to pay for some' crockery the burglar had
broken. He .then let the fellow go, and now the
burglar is wondering whether he can have the house
holder arrested for robbery.
In the trial before a Pittsburg court of a suit
brought by -a. physician to recover payment for pro
fessional services the defense was set *up that the
charges are excessive, whereupon the leading physi
cians of the city were called to testify as experts in
fixing charges, and one of them testified that some
people should be made to pay more than, dthers, be
cause when they are in good health they are always
criticizing doctors and abusing the. profession; so it
will be a good rule after this never to make light of
the medical profession when there is a doctor within
hearing, for you may have to pay for it.
NEW YORK, Oct.- 8.— The following
Californians have arrived:
San Francisco— C. Baumgartner, at the
Westminster; W. Jackson, C. W. Mandell
and wife, at the Herald Square; C. E.
Straussberger, at the Grand Union; X).
Llbby, at the Hoffman; C. J. Rowley, at
the Sturtevant; Miss Bishop, G. M. Haw
ley and wife, at the Gilsey; I. Holz. at the
Sinclair; W. S. Rheem, at the Murray
Hill.
Los 'Angeles— Mrs. L. Ormaby, at the
Gerard"; • C. \u25a0 E. Ichelberger, at the Im
perial; Mrs. J. W. Monahan, at the Man
hattan; E. H. Cutter, at the New Amster
dam; H. L. Gordon and wife, at the St
Denis; J. C. Taplln, at the Grand Union.
Pasadena— W. H. Hill, at the Sturte
vant; H. H. Sherk, at the Vendome.
San Diego — Mrs. Whelock, at the Man
hattan.
Oakland— S. D. Chittenden, at the Astor.
Californians in New York.
COAST AND GEODETIC SURVET-L.
B., City. There is no such branch of the
Coast and Geodetic Survey known as the
"United States Geodetic Survey of Cali
fornia." There is what is known as the
western division of the United States
Coast and Geodetic Survey. 1 It is in
charge of Otto H. Tittmann, superintend
ent, with office at Washington, D. C, and
is officered as follows: A. F. Rodgers, E.
F. Dlckjns, Fremont Morse, H. P. Ritter,
Ferdinand Westdahl. Benjamin A.! Balrd
and F. W. Edmunds, assistants at San
Francisco; J. J. Gilbert, assistant at
Olympia, Wash.; J. D. B rough, clerk, San
Francisco, and H. S. Ballard, tide ob
server, San Francisco. |
THE WALTZ— Dancer, City. It has never
been definitely settled where the waltz
originated. It is claimed by Germany and
by France. It is claimed that it had its
origin In Swabia, and the French claim
that it was derived from a dance In Pro
vence called la volta. The Germans claim
that it was derived from the drehtanz, or
turning dance. The latter was introduced
in France by Louis XIV \ after the con
quest of Alsace, 1681.
VOTER— I. W. G... City. In order to
vote in the State of California the citizen
must have been a resident of the State
one year, of the county In which he
claims his vote ninety days and in the
precinct thirty days next preceding elec
tion, provided he has complied with the
law regarding registration. .
After citing numerous instances of official corrup
tion in Philadelphia and in the, State, and several
illustrations of the toleration of the: abuses by the
better class of citizens, the writer goes on to explain
that the evils are due mainly to the fact that the peo
ple are so much absorbed in business affairs, or in
the maintenance of the Pennsylvanian idea of a dig
nified social position, that they not only neglect poli
tics, but occasionally even scorn men for performing
their political duties. He says: "Pennsylvania is a
State' of large corporations; office in them is more
attractive than political office. The president of the
Pennsylvania Railway gets $50,000 a year; the Gov
ernor of the State gets $10,000. The presidency of
the railway lasts for life, the governorship for a
thorny uncertain four years. There are in the Penn
sylvania Railway system more than -200 officials that
have more pay and more power than the Governor
of the State;' and there are- in the State a score of
corporations only a little less imposing than the Penn
sylvania Railway. Is it any wonder that the best of
the young men take to the corporations and devote
their every energy to promotion therein, leaving 1
politics to the less capable, the less intelligent- and
the less mor.al?"
In addition to such inducements to unite with' the
corporations the abler young * men of Pennsylvania
are further carried away from a performance of their
duties as citizens by a social sentiment among men
of wealth and of good birth that is distinctly, averse
to a political career. It is said: "Had Senator Lodge
ONE of the severest arraignments ever made
against an American commonwealth is that
published in the Atlantic for October under
the title, "The Ills of Pennsylvania." The writer,
who signs himself "A Pennsylvanian," begins by
pointing out that when Philadelphia recently tried to
borrow $9,000,000 at 3 per cent she obtained only
$5000, and adds: "When political knavery reaches
the point where the State's- financial credit is im
paired, then even calloused Pennsylvania realizes that
it is no longer a mere cry ' of wolf, and begins a
searching of hearts."
The writer asserts that politically Pennsylvania is
the most corrupt State in the Union, and he quotes
with approval the saying of a Philadelphia editor:
"I have lived in Nevada in the boom times, I have
lived in New York through several administrations,
I ' have lived in the easy virtue of official Washing
ton; Pennsylvania beats them all. Pennsylvania has
every kind of political deviltry I ever saw or heard of
elsewhere, and a few kinds that she has evolved her
self." • : \ \u25a0 .-'
THE ALERT— Mother, Santa Rosa, Cal.
The United States ship Alert is at pres
ent at San Diego. Letters intended for
any one on that vessel should be address
ed, to the United States Pay Office, Phelan
Building, San Francisco, Cal. Such let
ters will be forwarded to destination.
THE ILLS OF PENNSYLVANIA.
MARY ANDERSON-Eng., Sacramento,
Cal. Mary Anderson made her first ap
pearance on the. stage in the character of
Juliet at Macauley's Theater, Louisville,
Ky., November 27, 1S75.
Judge G. "W. Hunter, Judge J. M. Me
lindy and Hon. A. J. Monroe, all of Eu
reka, are here attending the Grand Lodge
cf Masons and are guests at the Grand.
Charles Fay, secretary to Mayor Phelan,
who has been confined to his home by an
attack of appendicitis, Is slowly can
valesclng. His physicians reported him
yesterday out of danger.
R. M. Wood, editor of the Pacific "Wine
and Spirit Review, has gone to Southern
California for the purpose of Investigat
ing the conditions of the wine Industry In
that section of the State. He will return
about the middle of the month and ex
pects to bring very encouraging reports
as to the progress of viticulture in Los
Angeles and San Bernardino counties.
William C. Russell and A. Spring Jr.
are among the arrivals from Nome and
are staying at the California.
Samuel Rea, fourth vice president of
the Pennsylvania system, is at the Pal
ace. He is touring the coast In his pri
vate car.
D. M. Barringer of. Philadelphia, who
owns large mining interests in New Mex
ico, is at the Palace.
E. "W. Runyon of Red Bluff is at the
Palace.
John Ross Jr., a mining man of Sutter
Creek, is at the Lick.
Dr. G. F. Faulkner, a prominent phy
sician of Salinas, is at the Grand.
M. H. Murray, a well known business
man of Santa Cruz, is at the Grand.
During the month of September the public debt
was decreased by $4,825,401, and still the treasury has
a larger surplus than it likes to handle. Evidently
Uncle Sam is financially able to undertake those
much desired river and harbor improvements in Cali
fornia if he feel like it.
UNDER ordinary circumstances it would be- a
useless waste of time and energy to assemble
a State convention 1* any part of California
to consider the Chinese exclusion act. Upon that
question the campaign of education has been com
plete, and the opinion of the people upon^ it is well
nigh unanimous. It happens, however, that the cir
cumstances surrounding the issue at this time are by
no means ordinary. The advocates of immigration
have managed to appeal successfully to powerful in
terests in the Eastern States, and accordingly the op
position to any comprehensive and adequate system
of restriction has already become bold and outspoken
in that section of the Union.
Such being the Gase it is well to have a convention
for the double purpose of rousing our own people to
a renewal of the fight against the yellow peril and of
impressing upon the Eastern mind the fact that upon
this question the people of the Pacific Coast are
united and will accept no compromise.
As has been pointed out in the call for the conven
tion issued by the Mayor and the Supervisors, the
exclusion act, after having been in existence for
about ten years* will expire next May, and accord
ingly the question of its re-enactment will have to be
decided at the coming session of Congress. The Chi
nese have learned of the richness of the United States
and are eager to obtain an opportunity to pour their
millions cf workers into the country. The- Chinese
Minister at Washington has made appeals both to
the North and to the South for support. He has
'sought to win over the Southern people by promising
them abundant cheap labor for their manufacturing
enterprises, while in the North the merchants and the
.manufacturers have been informed there would be a
much bigger and more profitable trade for them in
China if only the exclusion act were repealed and the
Chinese immigrants were treated like friends. •
It is safe to say that a man so adroit as Minister
Wu has not confined his work against' the exclusion
act to the speeches and the writings he has addressed
to the. public. He has doubtless had heart to heart
talks with persons of influence whose interests are
likely to be advanced by permitting: the act to pass
from the statute books. He and they will have in
genious ways of postponing the issue and preventing
action upon it. It is not improbable, therefore, that
the fight for the re-enactment of the law may be a
much harder one than has been expected. At any
rate, it will do no harm for California to speak out
on the subject. To us an unrestricted Chinese im
migration would bring ruin. Our fight on this issue
is not one of politics merely, but. for life itself.'
THE EXCLUSION ACT.
Among those- present was* "William S.
Moses, the only living member of the fra
ternity who was present at the Institution
of the Grand Lodge of California, April
19, 1350, - ;
The following grand officers attended
the session yesterday: James A. Foshay,
grand master: William S. Wells, deputy
grana master; Orr:n S. Henderson, senior,
and Charles W. Nutting, junior grand
warden; Edward Coleman. grand treasur
er; George- Johnson, grand secretary: Ed
ward B. Church, grand chaplain; "William
H. Edwards', grand lecturer; John A. Hos
mer, grand orator; Harry S. Johnson, as
sistant grand secretary; Henry P. Umb
sen, grand marshal; Henry Eversole,
grand Bitie bearer; Walter Jensen, grand
sword bearer; Emanucl J. Louis, grand
standard bearer; -Samuel Prager, senior,
and John P. Greeley, junior grand deacon;
ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
previous session and more
young men than at any Grand Lodge that
has ever convened in the temple.
THE Grand Lodge of Free and
Accepted Masons of California
met in annual session in the
Masonic Temple yesterday. A
larger number of representa
tives were present than at any
Proceeding to explain what these issues are -and
how they should be presented to attract the thought
ful and independent, Mr. Quincy says: "The Demo
cratic party should be uncompromising in opposi
tion to certain Republican policies, and in its advo
cacy of progressive legislation in the interests of the
mass of the people. In the nature of the case it must
tend to favor the side of labor rather than that of
capital where their interests are antagonistic, just as
the Republican party is necessarily capitalistic in its
tendencies; but the Democratic party need not put
forward such a radical programme that the Ameri
can people, who are at bottom pretty conservative,
cannot be persuaded to accept it; and it need not
rest its case before the people upon any principles
lacking scientific foundation. * * * In my view
statesmanship must be to a large extent .based upon
opportunism rather than upon abstract principle, in
order to accomplish any results." - \u25a0
Whatever view may be taken of the obscurity or
lack of it on the part of Mr. Quincy- himself, no one
can- accuse him of .obscurity in his platform. It is a
plain' and clear declaration of support to any policy
that promises ito catch votes, j Mr. Quincy is in favor
of a platform that'will array labor against capital, but
sufficiently mild to obtain support from the thought
ful and independent. Whatsoever opportunity of
fers, he will take advantage of. Such is the leader
whom Massachusetts offers to Democracy as a
Moses. It remains to be seen whether Jones of
Arkansas will approve the choice.
To his fellow Democrats of ; Boston, at any rate,
Mr. Quincy is a man who merits a boom, and they
have arranged to give him one. They propose to
nominate him for Governor this year, and, foreseeing
his defeat, they offer to add to the nomination the
promise of a renoraination at the next election. It is
like inducing a man to buy one gold brick by prom
ising that if he will return to the same place about
the same time next year he will be given another.
Meeting his friends in the spirit in which they ap
proached him, Mr. Quincy has written a letter in
which he announces his views concerning the wide
sea of politics and the situation of the Democratic
crew. He says: "The first efforts of the" Demo
cratic party should be to harmonize and consolidate
itself; to that end it should bring forward such issues
in harmony with the fundamental and unchanging
principles of Democracy as will attract to it the
thoughtful and independent citizen."
Among these men is Josiah Quincy of Boston.
Of course Mr. Quincy can 'hardly be classed as v an
obscure man, for no resident of Boston can be that,
nor could any Quincy. A Quincy of Boston must al
ways be more or. less conspicuous and he will always
rank as a great man in Massachusetts. Nevertheless,
this particular Mr.- Quincy is just about the kind of
man that Jones of Arkansas referred to as obscure,
the difference in the appearance of Mr. Quincy being
due solely to the difference between the Arkansas and
the Massachusetts point of view.
SOME time ago Chairman Jones of the Demo
cratic'National Committee predicted that Mr.
Bryan would be dropped from the list of candi
dates before the next Democratic Presidential con
vention, and that the nominee would be some person
now living in obscurity and unknown to the great
masses of the people. The suggestion has of course
given hopes to a good many men who have no na
tional fame but enough of local reputation to give
them at least a chance to be heard of by those who
are looking in obscure places for the new Moses.
JOSIAH QUINOY AS A MOSB3.
PERSONAL MENTION.
The session was called to order by the
grand master and opened In due form.
After the report of the committee on cre
dentials the grand master presented his
annual report, which shows the fraternity
to be In a most satisfactory condition.
There Is a membership of about 23,000 dis
tributed in 271 lodges, showing an increase
during the year of more than 1200 mem
bers.
During the year a new lodge -was Insti
tuted at Oxnard, In Ventura County, one
was instituted at Manila, P. I., and the
Hawaiian and Philippine Islands were
added to the California jurisdiction.
The public ceremonies during the year
were laying the corner-stones of the
courthouse at Madera, High School at
Oakdale, High School at Berkeley, post
offlce at Stockton, High School at Ana
heim and Masonic halls at Bakersfield,
Oxnard and Hanford.
At the afternoon session there \u25a0were
presented the rtpqrts of the grand secre
tary, grand treasurer, grand lecturer and
the several committees, which were re
ferred to the committee on distribution.
The Grand Lodge decided to go in a body
to the Masonic Home at Decoto to-day*;
therefore there will not be any -session.
The lodge will meet again at 9:30 o'clock
to-morrow morning.
The visitors to the home will leave this
city at 11 o'clock this morning by special
train.
During the present session \u25a0William S.
Wells, deputy grand master, will be ad
vanced to the office of grand master;
George Johnson -will be continued as grand
secretary and Edward Coleman as grand
treasurer. The .only contest will be for
grand senior warden. There are several
candidates for this office, which Is the one
that leads to that of grand master. Judge
Carroll Cook appears to be In the lead.
The twenty-third annual meeting 1 of the
Masonic Veterans will be held to-day.
John "W. Linscott, senior, and Thomas J.
Baker, Junior grand steward; "William
Kettner, granl pursuivant; Samuel D.
Mayer, grand organist, and G. P. Adams,
grand tyler.
Goldwin Smith says the best way to eliminate
anarchy from the land is to give, more time in the
public schools to the teaching of music. It appears
to be the theory of the' professor that, a man who
sings or plays upon some instrument never commits
murder, but he ignores the frequency with which
singers' and musicians tempt other folks to shoot or
throw a brick. ...
There is a morbid conception of religion that re
lates it solely to death, to the last incident of mor
tality, and turns its hope to a dirge, its song to a
threnody, and its purpose into the disposition of
things unseen, forgetting this world and its sunshine
and the banners which the seasons unfurl upon its
mountains and plains.
Those who hold this morbid conception may take
great comfort in the wholesome ways of this conven
tion, and may learn that whatever world the eye of
faith may see beyond, this great body is inspired by
the conviction that nothing in this present world is
too good for man's reasonable enjoyment in prepara
tion for the world to come.
The debates have been intellectual combats in
which training, genius and courtesy have most highly
illustrated rhetoric as an art of persuasion, and the
discussions have disclosed an abiding interest fn the
church, hand in hand with a genuine patriotism which
inspires confidence in that feature of our system
which keeps church and state apart for the good of
each.
In another respect the great convention gratifies
and charms our people by its gentleness of spirit
toward all other religious bodies. This spirit \yas ut
tered in Dr. Huntington's "vision of the future
Church of the Reconciliation.
So, in its lesson of charity, activity, union/bf the
humble and the high, in the universality of its sym
pathies, this body has entered the heart of our peo
ple and has raised San Francisco perceptibly higher
than before above that which is merely gros* and
sordid.
The prayer uttered by the English dean in his
memorial poem on the death of President McKinley
.embraced in the scheme of faith all who are, and San
Francisco cries, out with him:
Oh, guide thy peoples by the way of peace
Through cleansing splendors to the gates of light.
SAN FRANCISCO has proved worthy of the
kindest conception of her quality, and perhaps
better than her fame, by" the interest of all her
people in the great General Convention of the Epis
copal church that is sitting in'solemn session here. \
We have frequent political conventions that meet
to consider temporal things, and as our temporalities
touch us daily and we often mistake them for the real
quick it is only natural thafsuch conventions are at
tractive and that our interest in them asserts itself in
many ways. But here is a great body of solemn and
earnest men, gathered from many zones, met to con
sider things eternal and not made with hands, and in
stantly among all our people runs the voice of the
Spirit, crying that these things ineffable are the real
quick, the highest concern of man.
In this convention are gathered those who come
from places, wide apart. The preacher of the Word"
whose shelter is an Indian tepee, and who spreads
the sacramental elements in a forest temple, sits be
side him who breaks the bread of life in the cathe
dral, in light dyed to softness, in air sweetened by
music. It is a spiritual democracy in convention as
sembled, to which all kindreds and tongues of men
are welcome, coming in the name and countersign of
a common form and faith.
The people are faithful readers of the daily proceed
ings of this convention, and among' many there is
surprise at the revelation. The Episcopal church in
this country works as quietly as the forces of nature.
It affects but little grandeur in its churches. Even
in large cities these are quite plain wooden struc
tures, imposing but iittle burden upon their builders
and leaving the parish free from mortgage and inter
est. The church charities are administered, its place
in society held and its mission executed with such
absence of ostentation that -when its general conven
tion reports aggregate the work done men are aston
ished at the grand total.
It is still a missionary church, as when Heber wrote
"From Gieenland's Icy Mountains," and. from many
lands come affiliated delegates, to bring tidings of
the gospel progress on far continents and islands.
The writer finds the primal cause'for: the difference
between Pennsylvania and Massachusetts in the dif
ference between the spirit of the early Quakers and.
the spirit -of the Puritans. "The Puritans were a
church militant. The Puritan went to church with
a Bible in one hand and in the other a musket for
hostile Indians. The Quaker- settled his difficulties
with the Indians by reading tracts to them. * * *
The Puritan insisted en governing his common
wealth in his own way. The Puritan formed the dom
inating habit, and to this day Puritan ideas dominate
the essentially non-Puritan population of Massachu
setts. Among the Quakers, on the other hand, meek
ness was a cardinal virtue. The early Quakers, in
slead of strangling doctrines" not in agreement with
their own, instead of casting, out the apostles of
strange creeds, welcomed them and tolerated them.
Put in a minority by the unrestricted immigration of
less worthy people, and lacking the strenuous, domi
nating spirit of the Puritans, the early Quakers soon
let the control of the colony pass into the hands of
the least desirable elements, and there it has always
remained." .
.Such is the theory which a- native of the State puts
forth to account for the surrender of Pennsylvania
to a control which has made her politics a byword
for corruption. The moral seems to be that expressed
by President Roosevelt in the ' words': "In the long
run a class of professional non-combatants is as
hurtful to the best interests of a community as a class
of professional wrongdoers." The statement merits
the earnest consideration of those people in San
Francisco who deem themselves "good citizens" but
who neglect their civic duties.
and the b.te Governor Wolcott beeruborn in Phila
delphia they might have/attained fame as golf cham
pions', or cotillon leaders,*but never as writers, col
lege professors or politicians except at the sacrifice of
social position."
THE GREAT CONVENTION.
MASONIC FRATERNITY
IN ANNUAL SESSION
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 9; 1901.
6
AMUSEMENTS.
Central— "Beacon Lights."
Alcazar— '.'Too Much Johnson."
TlvoH— "Masked Ball."
California — Herrmann.
Grand Opera-house — "Hamlet."
Columbia— "Florodora. "
Orpheum— Vaudeville. • . • •
Chutes. Zoo and Theater — Vaudeville every afternoon and
evening. •
Alhambra Theater— "The Brownies in Fairyland."
Alhambra— Royal Italian Band. Sunday evening, October 13
Fischer's — Vaudeville.
Sutro Bathe — Open nights. ' .
By J. J. Doyle— This day, at 11 o'clock, Horses, Wagons,
etc.. at 327 Sixth street.
By Win. G. Layns— Thursday, October 10, at 11 o'clock.
Road Horses, Buegies, etc., at 721 Howard street.
AUCTION SATVF1S.
B.KATSCHINSKI
PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO, .
10 THIRD STREET, SAN FRANCISCO.
FLEECE LINED SHOES
For Winter Wear.
Ladles, prepare for winter." Throw
away those slippers you have been
wearing around the house and buy
a pair of fleece-lined shoes. They
will keep the feet warm and pre-
vent your catching cold. With
them you can step out Into the
yard or do a little errand on a
damp day. The price is lower than
ever — $1.00 a pair. Here Is the de-
scription: Ladies' fleece-lined black
beaver lace shoes with kid toxins;
heavy turned soles and low heels;
sizes 3 to 8; price only $1.00 a pair.
r
nlOOl/O n52^""^"^^*!^
nlUvAU WCS^fflCKMfjiHBy/
m. fl *r4 1 H Hfcjiin^LffiSrtTniTHifff i
Men's Alaska seal lace shoe* are
guaranteed waterproof. The Alas-
ka seal Is soft and pliable and
therefore easy on the feet. The
soles are heavy and specially
adapted for winter wear. Price per
pair, $3-00. ,
COUNTRY ORDERS 6OLICITED.
We have no branch stores nor
traveling salesmen.
PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO.
IO THIRD STREET.
San Francisco.Bun, Moon and Tide.
The Mariposa Is Delayed.
The Oceanic Steamship Company's
Marlposa. scheduled to arrive to-day, will
o . . , Tuesday. October 8.
Stmr Acapulco, Russell, 24 days 5 hours from
Panama, via Mazatlan 6 days 7 hours
ChJ tm ik F Ba 1 v IS Cuttlngr> Ha S eru P. 12 days from
Stmr Artfyil. GHboy, 16 days 20 hours from
Panama.
Stmr Gualala. Genereaux, 10 hours from
Stewarts Point.
Stmr Edith. Hall. 92 hours from Seattle.
Stmr Corona, Glelow, 06 .hours from New
port, etc.
Stmr North Fork, Fosen, 24 hours from Eu
reka.
Nor stmr Kvarven. Kantz. 3 days from Na
nalmo; put in to finish loading-.
CLEARED.
Tuesday, October 8.
Stmr Pomona. Shea, Eureka; Goodall. Per
kins & Co.
Stmr Umatllla. Cousins, Victoria and Port
Townnsnd; Goodall, Perkins & Co.
Stmr City of Sydney, McLean, Panama and
way certs; Pacific Mail SS Co.
Br etmr Wellington, Salmond, Comox; R
Dunsmuir"s Sons Co.
Ship Glory of the Seas, Freeman, Comox; It
Dunsmuir'a Sons Co.
Br bark Savernake. Toole. Queenstown; L
Kauffman.
• SAILED.
Tuesday, October 8.
Stmr National City, Dettmers, Fort Bragg.
Stmr Matteawan, Crosscun, Tacoma.
Stmr Umatllla, Cousins, Victoria, etc.
Stmr City of Sydney, McLean, Panama and
way j>orts.
8tmr Fulton. Levlnson, Albion.
Stmr Whltesboro, Olsen, .
Stmr Gipsy, Leland, Santa Cruz.
Stmr Bonlta, Nopander, southern coast.
Stmr Aberdeen. Jensen. Grays Harbor.
Shij> Dashine Wave, Lancaster, Tacoma.
Uktn Ruth, Petereen, Mahukona.
Brl? W G Irwln, Garthley, Roche Harbor
Schr Albion. Larsen, Coquille River.
Schr Western Home, Lembke, Coos Bay.
Schr John G North, SJastrom, Port Gamble
Schr Winchester, Stensland, Unga.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, Oct 8. 10 p m-Weather
thick; wind SW, velocity 12 miles per hour
SPOKEN.
Bept 3— Ger shin Slam, from Hamburg, for
San Francisco.
Aug 81, lat 3 K, Ion 14 W— Br bark Invercoe,
from Liverpool, for San Francisco.
MISCELLANEOUS.
LONDON, Oct 8-The Fr bark Duplelx, from
San Francisco May 1. for Queenstown, has
been In collision with a four-masted ship oft
Cape Horn. Put into St Nazarle. Is not leak-
Ing. Will proceed without repairing. It Is
believed cargo Is not damaged.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
, SAN \, DIEGO— Arrived Oct 8— Stmr Chlco,
from Fort Brass.
Sailed Oct 8-Stmr Del Norte. for Crescent
City; stmr laqua. for Eureka; U S stmr Phlla
dalrhia, for .
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived Oct 8— Stmr
Alcazar, from ; Etmr Del Norte, from San
Dlc-eo.
Balled Oct 8— Stmr Del Norte. for Crescent
City; stmr Coqullle River, for San Francisco.
EUREKA— Sailed Oct 8— Stmru Eureka and
Signal, for San Francisco; schr Laura Pike,
for San Francisco.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived Oct 8-9chr AI
vena, from San Pedro; schr Alice Cooke, from
Honolulu,
Passed In Oct 8— Br stmr Duke of Fife, from
Hongkong, for ,
SEATTLE— Sailed Oct 7— Stmr Coronado, for
Grayn Harbor; stmr Farallon, for Skaguay.
Arrived Oct 8— Stmr City of Topeka. from
Skaguuy.
Sailed Oct 8— Stmr Chas Nelson, for Skaguay.
NEAH RAY— Passed out Oct 8— Chil bark
Ema Louisi, from Port Blakeley, for Val
paraiso; Br Btmr Empress of India, from Van
couver, for Yokohama,
PORT GAMBLE— Sailed Oct 8— Schr Dora
Bluhm, for San Francisco.
TACOMA— Sailed Oct 8— Schr Americana, for
San Die~o. • . -
ASTOHIA— Arrived Oct 8— Br ehlp County of
Slipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED
'to arrive.
Steamer. From. I Due.
Czarina Seattle and Tacoma.... Oct. 9
Acapulco Panama & Way Ports Oct. 9
Despatch San Pedro Oct. 9
Eureka Humboldt Oct. 1)
City of Puebla 1'uget Sound Ports Oct. »
Santa Rosa San Diego & Way Pts. Oct. 10
Crescent City. Crescent City .Oct. 10
Noyo Humboldt Oct. 10
Marlposa Honolulu Oct. 10
Tltania Nanalmo Oct. 11
Arcata Cooa Bay & Pt. Orforrt Oct. 11
Point Arena... Point Arena Oct. ..1
Arequlpa Valparaiso & Way Pts. Oct. 12
Sesostris Hamburg & Way Pts. Oct. 12
Columbia Portland and Astoria.. Oct. 12
Pomona' Humboldt Oct. 12
Rainier Seattle & New What.. Oct. 13
Progreso Seattle Oct. 13
Sonoma........ Sydney & Way Ports.. Oct." 14
Walla Walla.. Puget Sound Ports Oct. 1}
Rival Wlllupa Harbor Oct. 14
Corona Redondo & Way Ports Oct. 15
San Juan Panama & Way Ports Oct. 15
America Maru China and .Japan Oct. J5
St. Paul "Nome & St. Michael Oct. 15
Australia Tahiti Oct. 16
TO SAIL.
Steamer. Destination. Sails. Pier.
October O.
San Pedro.... Humboldt 2 pm Pier 2
Empire Coos Bay 4 pm Pier 13
Aberdeen Grays Harbor 5 pm Pier 2
Despatch Seattle & Fairhavn 5 pm Pier 3
Mandalay Coqullle River .... 6 pm Pier —
Pomona Humboldt l:8o p Pier 9
Curacao Mexican Ports .... 10 am Pier 11
October IO. t
Memphis Hamburg: & Way. 10 am Pier 27
Czarina Seattle & Tacoma. 5 pm Pier
G. W. Elder.. Astoria & Portland n am Pier 24
Corona Redondo & Way.. 11 am Pier 11
j Alliance Portland & C. Bay 9 am Pier 8
October 11.
North Fork.. Humboldt ....' 9 am Pier 2
Hyades N. Y. via Panama. 2 pm Pier 38
Euieka.. Humboldt 9 am Pier 13
October 12.
Alameda..... Honolulu J pm Pier 7
October 13.
City Puebla.. Puget Sound Ports 11 am Pier 9
Arcata C. Bay & Pt. Orfd. 10 am Pier 13
Santa Rosa... San Diego 9 am Pier 11
October 14.
Point Arena.. Point Arena 2 pm Pier 2
October IB.
Coptic. China and Japan.. 1 pm PM83
Columbia Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
Noyo Humboldt 10 am Pier 2
October IO.
Rival ,.IWIllapa Harbor Pier —
FROM SEATTLE.
Steamer. From. Due.
B f rth a Valdez and Kodiak.... Oct. 10
A1 " K ' Skaguay & Way Porti. Oct. 10
Queen Norn* Oct 10
Humboldt Skasuay & Way Ports. Oct! 18
P lrl &° Skajruay 4 Way Ports. Oct. 15
City of beattu. Skaguay & Way Porta. | Oct. 18
"Water Front Notes.
. The British ship Allerton was chartered
Monday at 36s 3d to load wheat for Eu
rope by Balfour, Guthrle & Co. She has
been here since July 12 and during the in
terval her owners refused 39s a ton.
Freights are now dropping, so the best
offer obtainable was accepted.
The Mail Company's City of Para left
Los Angeles yesterday with her last load
of- Porta Ricans for Hawaii. She will
come here from Honolulu. .
. Charles .Sharkey was badly injured on
the British ship Dunfermllne yesterday.
While helping to load the vessel a slinK
ful of ease salmon fell on him. \u25a0 He was
severely bruised about the head and
shoulders.
J. Williams is detained at the Harbor
police station on suspicion of having
robbed some one. Detective Egan found
him in a Jackson-street pawnshop trying
to sell a bagful of fashionable clothing.
"Williams, who is a negro, said the clothes
were his, but when forced to try them on
they were four sizes too small for him.
Captain Narr of the British ship Baro
da, which went ashore on the Oregon
coast, has been suspended for four months
by the British Consul for careless navi
gating of his vessel. '
given is subtracted from the depth given by
the jcharts. The plane of reference is the mean
of the lower low waters.
The license of Bartholomew Cavill, in
whose saloon at Market and Brady
streets Police Officer Owens was badly
beaten a few weeks ago, was revoked.
Sam Caldwell, the driver of the coupe
at the corner of Kearny and Geary streets
who refused- to take one of the men
wounded in the Kearny street riot to the
Receiving Hospital, was denied a license,
it being discovered during the, investiga
tion that he was driving without one.
Charles F. Brooke and John _T. Lank
man, ellgibles on the civil service list,
were appointed regular police officers.
At the request of the various agencies
employing special officers during the late
labor trpubles the appointments of 475
specials were revoked last night by the
Board of Police Commissioners. Of these
374 were the appointees of Curtin's Detec
tive Agency, SI for McNab & Smith and
20 for Morse's Patrol. About fifty are still
employed.
for Failing to Carry a
* Wounded Man.
Cab Driver Caldwell Denied a License
To Central America— S8.0W lbs bluestone, 13
pkgg bottled beer, 6143 lbs cement, 4370 gais
coal oil, 21 cs canned eoods. 4G pkgrs car ma
terial. 50O It<s cinnamon. 360 IDs r-'dfish 43 cs
drugs. 103 pkgs dry goods, 73 bales 'cotton
domestics, 61 pkirs fruits and vegetables 36
pkss furniture. 6074 bbls flour, 3 crs garlic,' 145
pkgs groceries and provisions, 13 cs hardware,.
CCO IDs lard, 1 cs leather, 116 pkgs machinery
400 lbs millptuffs. 3980 ft lumber. 200 lbs nuts,
23 kegs nails, 54 crs onions, 2S7 crs potatoe"
2S0 pkgs paints and oils, 19 pkgs paste 125
bdls paper, 100 flasks quicksilver. 72.740 lbs
rice. 3 coIIf rope, 1355 railroad ties, 20,481 lbs
resin. 3000 lbs sulphur. 1704 lbs starch 25 kegs
staples. 3420 lbs soda ash. 112 lbs soda 20 000
rbs salt, 21 cb tar, 18,096 lbs tallow. 134 cs
whisky. 74 cs 2585 gals wine. 260 bdls wire
1C0O lbs zlr.c.
To Panama— 14.3.73 lbs sugar. 110 crs garlic
350 crs onions. 40 era potatoes. 3006 lbs bean«
£M> bbls. flour. 2 tanks acid, 6407 ft lumber 1 oa
ehoes, 813 sals wine.
To Mexico— 2 carboys acid, 2 crs bicycles and
sundries, 27 o s drugs. 22 pkge groceries and
provisions. 133 cs hardware. 7 bdls paper 100
flasks quicksilver, 8 cs rubber goods 936 rt>s
resin. 153 bdl s snooks. 400 sals wine
Departure of the Panama Steamer.
The steamer San B!as sailed yesterday for
Panama and way ports with a General cargo
valued at $77,313, manifested and destined us
follows: For Mexico, $833S; Central America,
je5.394; Panama, TAZSl. The following were the
principal shipments:
The steamer Vmatilla, which sailed yefiter
day for Victoria, carried merchandise for Brit
ish Columbia valued at $16,121: for Brisbane,
Australia. S982S; Lowell. Mass.. J20JO. The cargo
included the following: merchandise and pro
duce:
For British Columbia— 17,815 lbs dried fruit,
E3 bxs raisins, 10 cs arms and ammunition, 1000
lbs chocolate. 2391 plg^ lead. 2 cs 172 gals wine,
232 rt.s bread. 10 cyls gas, 42 pkers machinery,
1ST Ids 2 cs cheese, 197 pkg-s groceries and pro
visions. 11SS pkgs fruit, 22 pkgs vegetables,
1050 ft lumber, 4078 lbs beans, 224 lbs ham, 10
c s axle crease. 72i) lbs millstuffs. 10 cs fuse,
30.000 rbs salt. Z710 lbs coffee.
For Brisbane. Australia— 25 cs 1250 It>s dried
fruit, 2<U5u rbs codfish. 2100 cb salmon.
Fur Lowell, Mass.— SCO cs salmon.
The TJmatilla's Cargo.
Shipment of Barley.
The British bark Savernake cleared yester
day for Cork for orders, with 40.400 ctls bar
ley valued at $34,340 and 1S,OOO ft lumber as
dunnage valued at $265.
The S. C. Allen will load merchandise for
Honolulu; the Allerton, wheat and barley for
Europe. 36s 3d; the Marguerite Mollnos, wheat
for Kurop*. 37s 6d, prior to arrival: the Maggie
C. Rues, railroad ties cat Mendoclno) for Hon
olulu.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping Merchants.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
A dastardly attempt to blow up one of
the hoisting engines on Mission-street
wharf was made yesterday morning. The
collier Asuncion Is lying at the wharf and
Bennett & Goodall are discharging her.
One of the engineers is a non-union man
and when he ieft the hoisting machine
Monday night the boiler was full of water
and the fire laid ready for an early start
yesterday morning. During the night
some one ran the water out of the boiler
and fixed the gauge so as to make it show
a full supply. Yesterday morning the en
gineer made his lire and when the boiler
was well heated the water disappeared
from the gauge. He was about to turn
more water into the boiler when he decid
ed to investigate. Turning a stopcock, he
found the boilsr empty and at once drew
the fires. Had he turned in the water the
machine wouM have been wrecked and
the engineer probably killed.
Attempt to Blow TJp an Engine.
The Meade is now seven days out on her
way here from Manila, while the Dix has
nearly finished loading on the Sound and
will sail for the Philippines in a few days
The Sheridan has not yet sailed from
Manila and the Logan is being rapidly
put into shape at Mare Island.
The Kilpatrick. with the Eighteenth
infantry aboard, is scheduled to arrive
next Friday. She comes direct from Iloilo
and is expected to make good time. The
Thomas is now -loafting for Manila and
will get away en the ltkh inst., while the
Grant, which was to have gone out on
that date, has been laid up for repairs. •
Captain Batchelder. formerly assistant
quartermaster of the transport service,
has been assigned to the transport Sher
man temporarily as quartermaster cap
tal.i.
The Samner. the Lawton, the Relief and
the cable ship Burnside have been de
rached from the San Francisco depart
ment and assigned to a new department
with headquarters at Manila, The
chances are that it will be majiy a long
day before the boys on these ships see
San Francisco again unless they resign or
the vessels come here for an overhauling.
Work on the Sherman Is progressing at
the Union Iron Works, but it will be the
first of the year before the transport will
be able to go into commission again. The
Sherman went to the Union about the
same time the Alameda went to the Ris
don. Similar repairs were called for on
both vessels, but the Alameda Is now in
commission and the Sherman is still at
the works.
Is Due K"ext Friday,
Kilpatrick With Eighteenth Infantiy
MOVEMENTS OF TBANSPOKTS.
Besides a fair general cargo the City of
Sydney took away the following passen
gers: C. B. Lastreto, Fred Hisom, Miguel
Macay. Carlos Jallade and wife. George
H. Bartlett, A. J. Scherzer, H. F. Diaz,
Kdgsr Ahren?. YV. G. Mosher. J. C. Voor
hes. Annabel Lee. R. Robles. Rafael
Robles, V. Aceria and Francisco Sarabia.
ney sailed for the isthmus via way
ports. The Argyll brought up a cargo of
"il'j tons, all of which is New York mer-
Cbeadise for S?an Francisco houses, \u25a0while
ihc Sydney's consignments are light and
are for ports from Mazatlan to Panama.
The passengers on the Argyll were: Al
bert Franck. Fred Schleyer. Mrs. L.
Meizer, E. Moesch, Mrs. J. H. Beekman
and four children. Paul Gardner, Paul
Uallois and Louis Gallois.
They all say that business on the
isthmus is at a standstill. Every man
and boy able to bear arms has been draft
ed into the military service and the wives
and daughters are earning their own live
lihood. Along the line of railroad there
is no fighting nor is there the slightest
chance of a disturbance, as both sides are
afraid of the United States taking a hand
in the matter. In the interior, however.
the poor are suffering terribly and many
are dying from star\ation. When the
Argyll lett Panama with her passengers
the Government of Colombia seemed to
have the insurrection in .hand, "but." said
the passengers with a shrug of the should
ers and an uplifting of the hands, "there
is no telling- what a day may bring forth."
THE Panama Railroad Company's
steamship Argyll arrived from
Panama yesterday, while the Pa
cific Mall Company's City of Syd-
Steamer Movements.
Kinross, from Ehanchal; Nor Btmr Thyra,
from Hakodate.
GKAYS HARBOR— Arrived Oct 6-Schr
Sailor Hoy, hence Sept 26. Oct 7 — Schr F M
Slade, from Eleele: schr Lettltia. from San
Pedro. .
UOWEXS LANDIXG-Salled Oct 8-Stmr
Luella, for San Pedro.
KAHULUI- Arrived SeDt 27— Ship John C
Potter, from Oyster Harbor.
COOS BAY— Sailed Oct 8— Stmr Brunswick
for San Pedro.
EASTERN PORTS.
BALTIMORE— Sailed Oct 7— Stmr Simon J
Murphy, for San -Francisco. v
NEW YORK— Arrived Oct 7— Stmr Finance,
from Colon. •
FOREIGN' PORTS.
ANTWERP— Sailed Oct 6— Br ship Castle
Rock, for San Francisco.
M.UATLAN- Sailed Oct 7, 3 p m-Chll stmr
Arequipa, for San Francisco.
GUAYAQUIL— Sailed Oct 4-Ger Btmr Rem
ses, for San Francisco.
GUATEMALA— Arrived Oct &— Ger stmr
Serapis. hence Sept 16. for Hamburg.
YOKOHAMA— Sailed Oct 4— Ger bark Hen
rlette, for Or?iron. Oct 5— Stmr City of Pe
king, fcr San Francisco.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived Oct 7— Br bark In
verneill. hence June 9.
PANAMA- Arrived Oct 4— Br stmr Peru,
from Valparaiso.
Sailed Sept 25— Stmr San Juan, for San Fran
cisco.
NEWCASTLE. Aus— Sailed Oct 5— Br ship
Balmoral, for San Francisco .
SWANSEA— Sailed Oct 5— Br shls Montgom
eryshire, for .
HONGKONG— Sailed Oct 7-Br stmr Algua,
tor San Francisco.
OCEAN' STEAMERS.
YOKOHAMA— Sailed Oct 4— Stmr Empress of
Japan, from Hongkong, Shanghai and Naga
saki, for Vancouver, B C. -
KINSALE— Passed Oct 8— Stmr Servia, from
New York, for QueenstoWn and Llveroool.
QUEENSTOWN- Arrived Oct 8— Stmr -Servla.
from New York, for Liverpool, and proceeded.
BOULOGNE— Arrived Oct 8— Stmr Maasdam.
from New York, for Rotterdam.
LONDON'- Arrived Oct 8 — Stmr Pretoria,
from Montreal.
NEW YORK— Arrived Oct 8— Stmr Hohenzol
lern, from Naples.
Sailed Oct 8— Stmr Kaiserln Maria Theresa,
for Bremen, via Plymouth and Cherbourg;
stmr Georelc. for Liverpool.
not get here until to-morrow. She was
detained at Honolulu and did not sail from
that port until the 3d lnst.
PANAMA RAILROAD COMPANY'S STEAMSHIP ARGYLL, ARRIVING FROM PANAMA \u25a0, AND THE PACIFIC
MAIL COMPANY'S CITY OF SYDNEY DEPARTING FOR THE ISTHMUS VIA WAY PORTS. THE ARGYLL
BROUGHT ALL THE CARGO SHE COULD CARRY. WHTLE THE SYDNEY WAS NEAR TO FLYING LIGHT.
COMMISSIONERS EEVOKE
ATJTHOBITY OF SPECIALS
James McKeever. a union teamster, was
booked at the City Prison yesterday
morning on a charge of assault to mur
der. McKeever Is one of the men who
are accused by Policeman F. Oallahan of
firing several ehots at him during . the
strike. McKeever was wounded during
the affray and has since been confined In
the City and County Hospital.
As a number of Brotherhood (union) drivers
are deliberately breaking this pledge, notice
is hereby given that this association has taken
steps to locate such drivers, and any driver
again offending or interfering in future with
non-union men will be Immediately dis
charged and not re-employed.
\u25a0 DRAYMEN'S ASSOCIATION.
GEORGE RENNER, Manager.
The Draymen's Association yesterday
issued the following notice to drivers,
with instructions that It be conspicuously
•posted in offices and barns:
Draymen's Association, San Francisco, Oc
tober 7, 1901— Notice to drivers: According to
the agreement made with Governor -Gage,
members of the Brotherhood of Teamsters
pledged themselves that union men would
work together peacefully and harmoniously with
The laborers along the water front that
made the recent "sympathetic sacrifice"
are gradually getting. back to work again.
Quite a number of the non-union men
who came forward during the strike are
still working and most of those at pres
ent engaged will be permanently-retained.'
The unton coal heavers, however, still
refuse to work at the reduced wage
schedule or- with, non-union men. The
steamer Edith, which arrived yesterday
from Seattle with coal, will be discharged
by non-union men. under police protec
tion. Union men were engaged yesterday
and they would have taken the job at the
reduced rates provided no non-union labor
assisted In the work. This concession
was not granted, however, so the non
union workers who are now obtainable in
considerable force have the Held to them
selves for the present.
. The longshoremen employed on the vari
ous docks are working in harmony with
non-union men. This was the considera
tion under which they were re-engaged
and they have, with few exceptions, kept
the compact. •
The Riggers' and Stevedores' Union yes
terday had members working on twelve
ships. The pile-drivers are still holding
out and so far there has been no demand
for members of the Marine Firemen'B
Union. ., •
_ ?'\u25a0 Warning to Teamsters.'
Draymen's Association Is
sues Warning to Resent
ful Teamsters.
They Decline to Work
With Non - Union
Laborers.
COAL HEAVERS
ARE STILL OUT
MUCH DISTRESS IN COLOMBIA DUE
TO CIVIL WAR NOW IN PROGRESS
Argyll Brings Number of Passengers From the Isthmus Who State
That Every Male Capable of Du y Is Under Arms— Changes
in the Transport Service — Attempt to Blow Up a Hoisting Engine
United States Coast and .Geodetic Survey—
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
F . ran claco Bay Published by official au
thorlty of the Superintendent.
, NOTB-The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
the height of tide Is the game at both place*.
WEDNESDAY. OCTOBER 9.
Sun rises ''. ~ jTrr>
Bun.sets ; 2:1;
Moo ° rtws ;..'.'.'"»':'g"a.' m.
\u25a0 • Time Time Time ' • Time
Date Ft. Ft. Ft. — — Ft
t, W HW . LW HW
9... 2:56 0.8 9:36 6.5 8:31 i~4 j-«"|j
10 ... 3:36 1.1 10:10 6.5 4:12 Jo 10 : 3<» 4 9
11... 4:10 1.4 10:41 6.6 4 61 08 1129 1
12... 4:40 1.7 11:12 6.6 6:24 0.1 ...'"
H,W L W H W Lw ""
13... 0U1 4.7 5:12 2.0 11:40 6.6 6:00 0 3
14 ... 0$8 4.6 5:44 2.3 12:04 5.6 6^39 0 3
15... -1:44 4.4 6:15 2.6| 12:30 5.4 7J17-Q.3
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time- the
fourth time column Rives the last tide of the
day. except when there are but three tides as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are In'ad
dition to the soundings on the United States
Coast Survey Charts, except when a minus (— )
Blgn precedes the height, and then the number
A -*-*\u25a0-*--*\u25a0\u25a0*-* ft* t..t..«. > .t t tttiaaa. _
Roanoke Rye. Honey and Horebound.
Get It. You'll not regret It. - ' _^ •
TilE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 9, 1901.
Branch Hydrographic Office, . TJ. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal.,
October 8. 1901.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building warf dropped at exactly noon to-day —
1. e.. at noon of the 120th meridian, or at £
o'clock p. m., Greenwich time.
J. B. MILTON,
Lieutenant Commander, U. S. N., in charge.
Time Ball.
7
ADVERTISEMENTS.
r Have you
ever tried it? If not,
you can get a free 4
sample by writing & /
a postal to the *j&
AIELUN'S FOOD COMPANY, V^VT
BOSTON, MA5S. '
/P^SIT^^ Stamped Safin,
A^fflt^^^JgJ^Miorted oilori la 9 square Ineh
/ -^SSftK Zi^^ blookt, fbr F»ncj Work, Quiln. Sof»
lfi/~Z<i'^M&&^S&&Z CnsMoai, etc. Each Mampcd with
mJP' r-S^E^^S^Z. * B * al " o<1 K™' 1 * 11 *«ign to b«
zH /~5Jt,L. worked In Bilk. 10 crati per
\u25a0W \<3Xil J5?gjg^5*!^D&ekage, poitpatd. Ont «py ot
j!!$!!jl£ <0 oent *^" xx matlc, lent free with
MRS. L. M. STEWART. 254 Jessie' et., S.,F.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
KEARNY AND WASHINGTON STS.—RE-
modeled and renovated. | KING, WARD &
CO,' . European plan. Rooms,' SOc to 1160 day;
16 to IS week: JS to J20 month. I Free baths; hoc
and cold water every room: nre grates la every
room; -elevator runs all night.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
AMERICAN LINE.
RV YORK. SOUTHAXPTON, LO.fDON. PABU
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound. :
From New York Wednesdays, at 10 a. xn.
St. Louis ..Oct It Philadelphia ...Nov. 13
Philadelphia ....Oct. 23 St. Pauh Nov. 20
St. Paul ...Oct. 3C Philadelphia ....Dec. «
BED STAR LINE.
Now York and Antwerp.
From New York Wednesdays, at 1- noon.
•Vaderland Oct. ltjFriesland Nov. (
Kensington Oct. 23 Southwark Nov. 13
•Zeeland Oct. 30] 'Vaderland Nov. 20
•Stop at Cherbourg eastbouod.
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO.,
CHAS. D. TAYLOR.
General Agent Pacific Coast. 30 Montgomery et.
~Q. R. & N. CO,
Only Steamship Lino to
PORTLAND, Or.,^
And Short Rail Line from Portland to all
points East. Through tickets to all
' point*, nil rail «r uteamtthln and rail, at
LO-WBST HATES.
STEAMER TICKETS INCLUDE BERTH and MKALS.
SS. COLUMBIA Sails Oct. 6. 1$, 25, Nov. 4
SS. GEO. W. ELDER
Sails Sept. SO, Oct. 10. Ml »
P.W.HITCHCOCK.OEN.Agt..l Moptam'y. 8. F.
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION CO.
And Cia Sud Americana de Vapores
To Valparaiso, stopping at -Mexican, Central
and South American ports. Sailing from How-
ard 3, Pier 10, 12 m.
AREQUIPA Oct. 17IPERU- Nov. 9
"LOA" Oct. 26|FALENA ......Nov. 23
These steamers are built expressly for Cen-
tral and South American passenger service.
(No changes at Acapulco or Panama.) Freight
and passenger office. 316 California street. \u25a0 -
BALFOUR. GUTHRIE & CO.. Gen. Agents.
PANAMA R, R, S S ?
TO NEW YORK VIA PANAMA DIRE3T,
Cabin, llda; Steerage. $40; Meals Free.
8.S: Hyedes ' sails Thursday. Oct. 10
S. S. Arfiyll £| sail* Thursday, Oct. 17
8. 6. Leelanaw sails Monday, Oct. 28
From Howard-street Wharf at S p. in.
Freight and Passenser Office, MO Market *L.
JrY F. CONNOR. Pacific Coast Agent.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
'Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
V \u25a0_ Steamers - leave Broadway
afafc. 'Wharf, San Francisco:
K8j5SS*»i.. For Alaskan Dorts — 11 a. m..
Oct. 3. 8. 13, 18, 23, 28, Nov. 2.
' KSTl^l^ra Cnange t0 com P any ' s steamers
1 E8HS»S ! j3p«3 For Victoria, Vancouver (B.
f^lWfS^Si C), Port Townsend, Seattle.
Tacoma, Everett and New
Whatcom (Wash.)— 11 a. m..
Oct. 3. 8. 13, 18. 23. 28. Nov. 2.
Thange at Seattle for this com-
pany's steamers lor Alaska and O. N. Ry.; at
Seattle or Tacoma for N. P. Ry. ; at Vancouver
to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay)— 1:30 p. m.. Oct.
4, 9 14. 19, 24. 29, Nov. . 3.
For San Dleeo, stopping only at Santa Bar-
bara, Pert Los Angeles and Redondo (Los An-
geles)— Steamer Santa Rosa, Sundays. 9 a. m.
For Los Angeles, calling at San Simeon. Cay-
ucos. Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo). Gavlota,
Santa Barbara, Ventura, Hueneme and ReUon-
do— Steamer Corona," Thursdays, 11a.m.
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay, San Joae del
Cabo Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Men.)— 10 a. m.. 7th each month.,
. For further Information obtain company" «'
, f olden.
The company reserves the right to change
steamers, sailing days and hours of sailing
without previous notice.
TICKET OFFICE — 4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agents,
, " ; 10 Market et., San Francisco.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
S' TEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m.,
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hiogo). Nagasaki and < Shanghai and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on
day of sailing:. - ,. *
SS. AMERICA MARU....
Wednesday. October 23, 1901
SS. HONGKONG MARU ....:.....
Saturday, November 16. 1901
SS. NIPPON MARU..
Wednesday, December 11. 19C1
Round-trip tickets >at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office.
421 Market street, corner First.
W.H.' AVERT. CeneraUAgent.
Weekly Call,$1.00 per Year
.^~^™SE>J^^5E^ EMPORIUM. I THE EMPORIUM.
I Toilet Soap 9g WEME* P^^^I^ISIP^ Table Knives :?
J? Andrew Turgrn's swtet-scentsd Give- K§2 IP^L _ - J^ 1 *- —^ S T TO A rare °PF or<;unit ' to g:t a u dwt. «'
g" crine, Oatmeal and Honey Soapj a Ooi<lgl,1^MBe Rg»Ta,a»l% Silv e -pl,«e I Knife L, this price, J
5? h A -n a a " . i . i -t • CALIFORNIA'S LARGEST-AMERICA'S GRANDEST STORE -.*eo •:»• of Rogeis Trp.c-pljttl £
J , hard-milled,- dc.ica*ely scentel Toi- . • . . . . . . \u25a0 . -. _, ... .Table Knlv s, guwanteei. is dwt. . .J
. a let Soap, n atly packed, 3 clkes in a box, a good value for -^ I of si ver to the dozen; spec'al to-day only, set of 6 -.1 *«** •
£> 15c; special to-day only, box.-. . .. . ... SjC I * S§ mZ3 «
tS - \u25a0 - . 1 ..... v . ....... x
ir - \u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0 . • •\u25a0 - ; ; — ; : ; — .. ... , . . — ; ; J
$ S2.5O New Tailor Alt-Wool Sale of Caps 49c. $
J? Hat &l.@9m The ba'ancc or S
j» This very n=w and fine Cloth Taik?Hat, colors V^Cnl^lfa fi\ a minufactur- "5
I #%V^Eri 35g Yard. '/QMd/' tL%Z>\
*C J /) VCVCt a " d " V=ral We t ffer to-day ano-her lot of tho-e prettv AH- \^p& >^*^^' "* smooth cloth j»
£ /?}^?WJ? r 3 1 S S h ' n?< Woo! SacVing,; the/ ar, much in demand <^f^^£D) S« gf s an 1 Che- *
r, f.''l&rdfynr/W tr.mmed with com- . s \ J l^^ - im f^Z*/ v ots . c 0 1 o r s •?
J A;V^^t>^>>^ Wnation draped for waiss, diesung f a ques and chDdr.-n's J^^^Sg^^ b!u;, brown, «
f£ >L^^__^<^^^ band of black panne dressrs. We have them in 15 n;w sha J e* black, ieJj and S
K '- ««s~ < -"^ vev.t and white and mix u-e?, including old rose, risida, Ui covirts; . wtll ma'e; legu'ary 75c, {|
J dotiei tath, regu!ary J2.50; cal TO y l1 b!ue ' cad *'« "»vy and o _ $1.00, $1.25 and $L50; oa s F e- _-, C
j^ ipcc:a! to-day <9/arI9<a7 I brown ; spuria". to-iay only, yard mf9C c:al sa'c to-day *fS G S
— : i \u25a0 — • - • : : ' *
if' i
I A Big Bstrmszisn in Stationery* s
j 1000 of Hultert's finest q mliiy of Writing Paper a' a little r -j. S
I more thin' half what it " a- manufacured to I f-r. In the lot I m $
$ there are' Parchmem, Bond, Satin Wcve, Berkshire Wove and Kid Firmh. Papers, in aM the jnl^^^r^M J
*C .popular tint3 of lotus, Persian blue, azure, cream, heliotrope, fawa and violet; in cctavo, . / iS|r X
tf alcxis, Gladstone and Aylesford size; this is som: of the finrs: society s*a:ionery, which will •*
g. be on special sale to-day at the price of the cheapest quality; 24 sheet* of Writing •fff^^^ f__L "5
.. —~- •\u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0 *e°*m^_ 1
i Ladies' $3.5Q Shoes Blue Serge J
I ri] $2'SSa Sailor Suits w j
5 Ma" Ladies' finest quality Vici Kid Lacs Shoes; 7S d^sOrM!^ '9
i° A. '*3^ new mo<^ ern toe an^ "P. hand-sewed ex- **^ 0 f^<*F&y\ •*
K (\ '^& tens"on jole>, new military heel, just the Made - of h «vy blue >*W lj|-\ *
I hKm fhbe for ti\ and winter wear. This is one st . orm collars have €a^L<S | fV \
6 sMe selected from our rmihr f lx :f ow \ o . f " k f0U - achc Jf^^^JLy S
* \^ /$b± line of $3 50 Shoes, *nd: WAI be bra:d; 8h - elds hand- /<^s^ In S
tf p'acsd on cpecial fa'e to-day o somely cmbrodcrcd; f^^J /A S
Jf . ° nl >' .• $2aG3 blou.'cs are cut fuli and I ) JTi-j 't/v* c
*i " 'mm ~771 m _ _ - long; pants have patent X\-€r/l / \ -!l
J Hemstitched Ssarfs wist bands, and ail (nhL( / JJi~ $
I 190 and 32C ' sann, taped; Vzrs for A jSAJ " ||^\SL^ 5
j^ We offir.a p"ain h-msrtched aU pure linen Scarf in two sizes at boys 3 to IO yearj of U^O^^^^SL F*?^ «<9 %
g near.y half their real va'ue. Toe stamping, if desred, can be d ne to age; a good I4.OO va'ue. '^^ "— 3»
g7 7 t33 incle,, reeularly I7 x S z inched, r--ruVly o ' Special tO-day on> _ ffiT^^ ; |
if 35c; special tc-day.. . VSfG 50c; fpecial to-day... 32C $2m79 J S
j — . . ! ; , ; . , J|
x SOc and 75c Four Good Values In 35c Stockings £
$ Pattern Veils 33c Men's 23c Pair. jS
$~ '\u25a0 EacBtm FurnlshinSlSm l^&?€ impcrret two-threai Mao Cotton «5
flf rbh K r 9R on'« Hcsf » H;rmsdorf bark, wi'i wh-ti up-tj. V
* 1 Itvn.h -«a^-c\ •-.=» Men ' $ ?:TC)h * iU *\u25a0* t ™<<'< d te »>; Hi* S P^ S^ *
3£ Tu«do 'and J^S^l^Q H>^ £& Bosom Shirts -A doub.e ice; a good r.'ur at 3S c. ' - *
S? Busses Net X /^^® g«od qaaity p r- Sreaal to-<3ay on'y, pair *£m$G j{
S tl^Z MM 6CWffL ~* *r sr Ladles' end Chi/. %
jjll^.S/S. \\Jmfff7, *3£~?$£j dren's Hlackln-Z
| Sf;«a \u25a0 :W lS^ P Jl/: --«»o tosh Sale- :,i and %
ixv& . --f , iMmBMm jwSr Ret "" ar 1
j? 50c and 7 ?c each. To-day cn.y. — » — . vMwlim ' i- l mi • • iww«» _
Tl 3 'A } } & Qe* \IV VHH )m?n web, silk ; £
|» JJ~ twhted tnitt nlc . Udi;s' $3.09 Dpi j:^ S
8f - pattern r, an 1 a gco', substait'al sjsj nler, Mack nt Jsh $W SO y. y*^ /x^v Jt
I Undermuslln !^s| s^ t0 -^-" 37c mS^& %^/\\$
I SpeClalS. Men'.sikH^dierchUfs-Vw^lctsbousht *"*?«*$* *3 $
tf Ladi:s' Mus'in Drawers -Two style?, tucked ? : f blT S" n - CaiVrrn's $5.00 Rag- / A* V* jj
V or heirs itched ruffb, good .va ue _ _ lot '— A &°° d Japanese S:lk, full «ze, Ian Macki.stash // J/ ' . \ Jj
at 35c. Special to-day 25C t tched. Special to- d»y — $ 3 mS0 ' J J^m* ' ' \\ \ {[
& Three Styles of Udles*. Skirt Chemije-All , ; \ ' ' % n'ok'^SrlJL ' \r^ 5
«f of them !awn, a'l with lace trimmed yokes L O; 2 -Larger fire, betcr quaUty and o — r a «. «S B«« / 7 *
g and tucked fl.unce skirt, th, r-gu!ar tree heavhrdlk. Special tc-diy 37 C d % / "I /J $
$ $^:.. s :' c .! i :::75g . t~ . - '** ; * s s j,A i
LadUs* Finz Nainsook Ucj ; Tiimmed Cabinet FrBttlBS L^ie,' |i2.oo to / V I \ \
fc" " Drawers Excellent va'ue atjji. ,^«_ . JH_.*!P ~* 52O.O3 Cape and - \u25a0 / l-r-^. X
S On special sac to-day oily 75G m r^% m m , Riglan Mac'<lBtoeb \A^^^ «
5 Ladies' Mujli.l Gowrs-Yoke hems itched These pretty CaV^ ». $8 45 [*! ' j
g and tucked, a hems itched ruffle on neck m : 1 , } um " s > fflrVli "^Vir " -5
I Z^;^.?::.t. s r:*:75c -^«^ Pitcher snd Basin %
•? 1 j. , %„... a ,• . ... back, in a large Iffl Wm OQn ! 5
* Ladies' White Aprons— Of dimity, w thin- a s SO rttn;r.t of WU R/fi %9&Cm 5
ft sertiom of michine Spar iih c'nwn work, , c m,i,- ™,j- „_ HM ff/fl ' 4le^&. " '"— ' 5
U bj ml' ' Fe ™ sh £r " n ' (S^^W^kW Jmf&Lj? fo^y ro'"j-e*d« S»
«c House rurnjshjngs a J*? 3n * ni g" y Jisg-iM *>&/5?hJ£$%L^ lain ' offiaewwts 5
* C\ WhisV Brooms for °^ a^mi-^^ «m p^ean.like |
IT \\ p "*x prne a hojs* us* \u25a0 » > * •- %. ' • i \^^=^.' **""^?^^7 P' t re, a regu ar If
t£ \\ J 6 UB ~» nu-n, and white and gits, mahoga jy and V^^s;-- ~S^/ 1^-V. « •
H _\L_ / •we:pin g corner* g i „, with 4^-inch mats in tints to tratch V^> ' *S ?7w rL 5 * 5
a 3 i i jrflwfr)^ f of stats snl the i_ %%• ' • i p ~kss^ss^^ special to-day on y. £
iCgi^v Step '^z:T^Jr:43c WM^i ssil
$ ' Sf Liquor Specials. Grocery Specials. I
K ity Eistein troom Od Tom Gin — Thom.-s* Battling, r.-gu'a ly Flcu- — -Our test Empoiium brand, iels regu- 9
j£ . v corn, with haidwcoi handle, regu- Ji.oo. Special to day, to tli 7SO Iaryat85c Special to-day, P er '» ff ' *
5' Jary 25c. Sp:cial to-Jay on y. . . . fOC Scotch Vl hiskey— Wm. Williams' WO taclc 75Q $
Jt Coat Frames- Heavy re:inned ircn Coat regu'arly 1 1.25 bottle Q5o Tea— Cho'ce Uncolcrcl Jipan. Sp.ciil to- ]j
J| Frames for men's coa s or ladies' waists, a Guinness' White Label Stout — The let il 7 32 O %
* sub'.t.nial and useful ai tee, regu- '.J bottling, regu arly $2. 10. Special to-<'a^.;.. Olives — Choice rpe 0>es. Special to-day, J
$ larly 8:. fpecia! to-day only *rG $1.90 quart * 20o M
This / This-^
soap \ soap
purifies J saves
clothes \ about
without C half of
boiling C wash-
them. day.
Jfels-mwhaJ
This v This
soap \ soap
saves j having
about \ naptha
half \ cleanses
the / things
work. J quickly.
Feli*"a Co., Philada.
Urti. Lang & Stroll cine). San Francisco.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
occamcs.s.co.ii^g
S. B. ALAMEDA. for Honolulu >*
" Saturday, Oct. 12. 2 p. m.
S. 8, SONOMA, for Honolulu, Samoa. Auck-
land and Sydney.. Thursday. Oct 24. 10 a, m.
S. S. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti
W\ Pusaogr QiScs, B43 lUrlut St., for la. 7. Pac& l\
COMPAGNIS QEBERALB 1HAN3 ATLANTIC'S
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. _, J^._
Galling every Thursday. Instead oi ffffKjfo
iJaturaay. at 13 a. m., from pter 42. MKaKKM
(torth River, foot of Morton street; *L'Aqol.
talne. September 19; La Bretague. September
ZS; La Champagne. October J; *La Savoie, Oc>
tober 10.
First class to Havre. $70 and upward. Secona
class to Havre. It3 and upward. GENERAL
AGENCT FOR UNITED STATES and CAN-
ADA. SI Broadway (Hudson building). New
York. J. F. FUGAZI ft CO.. Pactflo Com:
Arents. 5 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
Twin Screw Kxpremt Bt»am»r». \u25a0.
BAY AND . BIVEB STEAMERS
wuTsTnayy yard AND~VAuin
Steamers 6E5. FRI3BI2 or M0NTIC2LL0
S:4S a. m.. »:1$ aad 8:30 pt m.. except Sucdar.
Sunday. »:4» a. m.. 8:30 p. m. Leaves Vatir)>
T a. ra.. 11:30 noon. • p. m., except Sunday.
Sunday. 7 a. m.. 4:15 p. m. Fare SO etat*.
Telephone Main 150$. Landing and office. pt«#
«. Mls»lon-at. dock. HATCH BROS.that we have no funds that could be used for
this purpose. The Government was restrained
from paying the money by constitutional lim
itation, and the American Board seemed equally
restrained from payins a ransom.
Sympathy of the President.
The solicitude of the committee was such
and their purpose to do everything was so
strong that they sent a deputation consisting
of the president and one of its secretaries to
Washington to meet President Roosevelt and
the officials of the State Department. This
conference was held last Saturday forenoon
It is Impossible to overstate the sympathy and
Interest of the President, the acting Secretary
of State and other officials.
The conference was lengthy, during whlcn
the Government showed what steps it was
taking and how every power of diplomacy
was being used to effect the release of Miss
Stone. Confidential details were given, which,
of course it would be a breach of trust to give
to the public but the friends of the board and
the whole nation may be assured that every
thing possible is being done , to further the
recovery of Miss" Stone. The heart and the
persistence olV the President in this effort were
most significant. The officials assured us that
apparently at the moment the only practicable
method to secure her life was to have the
funds promptly at hand to pay the ransom. It
was evidently the positive conviction of the
Government that this step was the first one
to be taken. But It ought to be clearly under
stood that this Is but one step; that when she
has been released there will be a vigorous at
tempt not only to secure the return of the
money but furthermore, to bring about such
conditions that such an occurrence shall not
be possible In the future. Xo one doubts that
our Government as at present organized will
not drop this matter until the rights of Ameri
can citizenship are established.-
Meanwhile a movement was begun under the
leadership of Miss Stone's family to secure by
popular appeal the amount of the ransom, and
notice had already been sent out that funds
could be sent to Boston. -
Under this advice of the Government a meet
ing of the prudential committee was called on
Sunday morning, which was attended by eight
members of the committee and four officers.
The report of the gentlemen sent to Washing
ton was received, and after full deliberation It
was decided that, while we could not recede
from the action of last Friday, the tidings of
the Government made It most evident that the
first thing was to secure Mies Stone's safety,
then, other steps would follow; therefore we
felt that as individuals it was our duty and
privilege to help by all means in our power
the securing of this ransom from the general
public. Communications were sent by" tele
gram, so far as possible, to every part of the
country, even to the Pacific -Coast.
Money in- sums large and small has been
received In answer to this appeal to humanity.
The Government has shown its supreme inter
est in this matter by already becoming the
custodian of this fund, as handed to It by the
firm of Kidder, Peabody & Co. This plan not
only shows the Government's interest, but it
forbids any possibility that any part of the
money will be paid over until Miss Stone per
sonally has-been placed In safety In the hands
of the proper authorities.
It will be seen from the above statement that
the board was a"~trolt in Its whole "action from
the beginning and consistent throughout. Its
officers and friends are willing to use every
effort to procure this fund under the "conditions
and limitations given. Any one who had been
present at the conference in Washington would
not hesitate to have full confidence in the Gov
ernment's efforts. The official^ of the board,
having been received Into its confidence, are
willing to trust the Government, and we have
no doubt that the friends of the board will
have confidence in us.
Raising Money. for Ransom.
BOSTON, Oct. 8.— No additional state
ment of money received for the ransom
fund for Miss Stone was given out to
night by Kidder, Peabody & Co. after the
one of the late afternoon showing $49,
574 81 in cash and $7000 in unpaid pledges.
This made the total $56,574 61, to- which
will be added in the- morning the sums
received over night. The rush of contrib
utors Is over, because of the general opin
ion that the critical moment has been
MAJORS MUST SERVE
LIFE TERM IN PRISON
Utah Judge Passes Sentence on Young
Man Called the "Boy
Murderer." Y
LOGAN, Utah, Oct. 8.— In the' District
Court to-day Judge Hart sentenced Abe
Majors, popularly known as "the boy
murderer," to life imprisonment for the
killing of Captain Brown, chief of the
Ogden police, three years ago.
J Majors, who is barely out of his teens,
was convicted of the crime and sentenced
to be shot in 1899, but the Supreme Court
granted him a new .trial, which was con
cluded on Saturday.
George J. Gould, Edward H. Harriman,"
Marvin Hughitt, James H. Hyde, Otto H.
Kahn, Charles A. Peabody, Winslow S.
Pierce, Henry H. Rogers, Jacob H. Schiff
and James Stillman.
President- Burt and the other officials
who arrived from the East this morning
will remain over until to-morrow, when
the annual meeting of the stockholders of
the Oregon Short Line will take place.
averted, and that a month's time offers
ample opportunity to add to the fund.
Charles A. Stone, brother of the captive
missionary, wishes activity for the fund
to continue for a few days longer. He
hopes that the cable dispatches indicat
ing that the brigands have granted a
month's time are right, yet he has no per
sonal confirmation of that fact, although
he has repeatedly sent, messages to both
Constantinople and Samokov. He says
that, the idea In the "West that he had
stated that no money is needed because
enough has been given is all wrong. He
is still anxious about getting the total of
$110,000. •
Next Saturday will be the twenty-third
anniversary "of Miss Stone's sailing from
Boston for the missionary field in Bul
garia.
Accuses Turkey's Sultan.
KAXSAS CITY, Oct. 8.— Dr. M. Mesro
pian of this city, a physician and a na
tive of Armenia, who has lectured much
in Eastern cities on the atrocities prac
ticed .upon the Armenians by the Turks,
declares that the abduction of Miss Stone,
the American missionary, by brigands in
Bulgaria was the work of the Sultan of
Turkey. He said:
I am sure that it was he who ordered the
brigands to carry off Miss Stone. He ordered
her taken acro3s the Bulgarian border so as
to distract suspicion from himself. It is a
move In retaliation for the enforced payment
of the $90,000 Indemnity that the United States
exacted of him for the burning: of American
missionary buildings. I believe it would be far
better for the Government to send a warship
over there than to pay the ransom. Mission
aries will not be safe after Abdul , Hamld has
received, the ransom. Missionaries will be ab
ducted everywhere. The Sultan is determined
to be revenged for the loss of that $90,000 and
the abduction serves a double purpose— the re
turn of the money and the behest of fanaticism.
There is rto crime the Turk would not commit
in the name of his religion.
SAN ANDREAS, Oct. 8.-The Melones
Mining Company's dam at Robinsons
Ferry was completed to-day. Six hours
after closing the floodgates water was
running over the crest. Work upon the
flume will begin at once to convey this
water to a 120-stamp mill now under way
at itobinsons. •
Harnesses the Stanislaus.
SANTA ROSA, Oct. 8.— Frank E. Drake,
the Petalnma man who recently assaulted
his wife with a pistol, badly injuring her,
was to-day sentenced to' fourteen years
In San Quentin fof his crime. Drake was
scathingly rebuked by ' Judge Burnett,
who said that'if the law permitted It he
would have sentenced the prisoner for
life. Fourteen years is the extreme lim
it. Drake, kissed his wife good-by and
v/as led away i to his cell.
Judge Burnett of : Santa Rosa; Sen-
tences Frank E. Drake to
Fourteen' Years. -
GIVES A WIFE-BEATER =
LONG TERM HT PRISON
BROTHER'S HAND
SLAYS MURDERER
charges against Colonel
Heistand Thomas J. Mackay appeared as
attorney for Major Hawkes, the prosecut
ing witness. Former Assistant Secretary
of "War George D. Meiklejohn, resuming
his detailed a conversation he
had with Hawkes, in which the latter de
clared that unless he was appointed to a
position he would publish the details of
the hemp combination. Meiklejohn told
him that so far as he was concerned he
might do so. It was during this talk that
Hawkes told him of his controversy with
Flint, Eddy & Co., Hawkes expressing the
opinion that his appointment had been re
voked because of the controversy.
F. S. Brown, a clerk in the office of the
auditor of the JVar Department, was
called to testify as to the auditing of a
dispatch Colonel Heistand -had sent to
General Otis. It appeared that the dis
patch was audited among others, the ag
gregate tolls of which were in excess of
$5000. The account was certified to by-
Adjutant General Corbin. The records
showed that the cost of the Heistand
cablegram was ?58 12. Prior to the state
ment of Witness Brown. Needham, Hei
stsind's attorney, had :nf armed the com
mittee that it was Colonel Helstand'p in
tention to pay for the cablegram to Gen
eral Ois tnd for the reply thereto when
the" amount had been ascertained.
General Corbin was recalled and ex
plained that he had certified to th© accur-
rr vr -r/ASHINGTON, Oct. 8.— When
V^ )\ / th© Senate Committee on Mil
\v\u itary Affairs to-day resumed
V V Its investigation of the
T^ttOENIX/ Ariz ;,\Oct. 8— Articles' of a ten billion dollar corporation were Hied to-day with
J^ the Territorial Secretary. It is the International Construction and' Development Company.
The incorporators are Richard D. Coulter, George H. Herron and John C. Wolfram of Pitts
burg. Coulter is a. .prominent official of that city'. >-:..\u25a0\u25a0
This is tlie largest capitalization among several hundred articles of incorporation filed with
the Secretary \inder the peculiarly favorable lazvs of the Territory, zvhich went into" effect on : Sep
\u25a0 temberi. - :•/ : \u25a0 M - .. '. \-S- * '\u25a0"
The articles of the International Construction and Development Company were received from
Pittsburg by mail. The stock is divided into shares of $i each. The company may do anything
reasonable for a corporation to undertake. Its general scope, as set forth, embraces the construc
tion of railroads' and canals, the operation of mines and kindred projects. ., It is.believed '_Jhat. this
gigantic corporation may have connection with the reports recently . published concerning the for
mation of a syndicate of American capitalists to construct a netzvork of electric railways in Russia
and other foreign^ countries. ••— _ . .
Special Dispatch, to The Call.
acy of the account as audited on the re
port of a board of examiners of account*.
Personally he could 'not examine every
telegram involved in the account and did
n Lieu O te S nant Colonel W. H. Carter, assist
ant adjutant general, testified that every
effort was made by the Board of exam
ination to eliminate all messages which
did not deal with official business Ha
had not seen the Heistand dispatch him-
S< No additional facts were developed dur
ing the cross-examination. Attorney
Mackay pressed a number* of tquestlons
as to why Meiklejohn did not answer the
letters Hawkes wrote. Copies of these let
ters were In evidence, but not the orlgln
alau- Meiklejohn said he might or might
not have received them. He directed them
to be filed, but did not consider replies
n^kfackay," counsel for Hawkes, asked if
the proposed hemp company was not
abandoned because Flint. Eddy & Co. had
a monopoly of the hemp business In the
Philippines, but Meiklejohn replied that
he never knew anything about Flint,
Eddy & Co.
The committee declined to permit.coun
sel to ask questions designed to bring sec
retary Root into the investigation. Sen
ator Cockrell declaring all such matter
improper, as Secretary Root was not un
der investigation.
Mlchener was recalled to testify as to
an alleged telephone communication be
tween him and Meiklejohn relative to th©
Hawkes settlement. He denied any
knowledge of such a communication.
Meiklejohn had testified that he had no.
such communication.
WAR DECLARED
ON HUSTINGS
People of the Southwest
Preparing for a
Round-Up.
Miss Stone. The United States will advance
the money, afterward settling with Turkey.
The Turkish authorities have made numerous
arrests among the Bulgarian population, with
out distinction of religion, and nearly all- have
been put to torture in the hope of abstracting
Information. A prisoner named Dimitrl said an
understanding existed between the Protestants
and the Macedonian committee, and that Miss
Stone was even acting in concert with them,
with the view of obtaining funds for a political
religious propaganda. These declarations,
wrung from Dimitrl under torture, are value
less. What is certain is that the captain of the
band designated for the payment of the ransom
a place In proximity to the Roumanian frontier,
which proves that he hopes to escape the Turk
ish police, and that the Bulgarian police do not
cause him anxiety.
This condition of affairs is shown by the fact
that five or six bands of brigands of twelve or
fifteen men each have become so bold between
Strumitza and Kuprill that- the officials of the
Oriental Railroad have requested the Turkish
military authorities to reinforce the troops
guarding the track and bridges.
CONSTANTINOPLE, Oct. 8.— Mr. Has
kell, the American missionary at Samo
kov, Bulgaria, is opening negotiations
with the brigands with the view of reduc
ing the amount of the ransom demanded
for the release of Miss Stone.
Efforts of Missionary Board.
HARTFORD, Conn., Oct. 8.— An inter
esting feature of the opening session of
the American board of commissioners for
the board of foreign missions, which be
gan here this afternoon, was the response
by Dr. Capen, president of the board, to
the address of welcome delivered by Rev.
EX P. Parker. D.D., of this city.. Dr.
Capen said:
We are in great anxiety over the fate of
Miss Helen Stone.* so greatly beloved, who is
to-day in the hands of the bandits 'with the
sentence of death hanging over her. It is a
comfort In our tears to know that our Gov
ernment is doing everything that is possible
to be done for her rescue. Saturday Secretary
Smith of this board and myself met President
Hoosevelt and Assistant Secretary Adee In
conference on this matter. If Miss Stone were
a member of his own family Mr. Roosevelt
could hardly put more heart into it.
Every power of diplomacy Is being used for
her rescue. We must thank God that although
President McKinley is gone there is in Presi
dent Roosevelt another man of God who will
see that American missionaries under' the flag
of the stars and stripes shall have the fullest
possible protection. It may be necessary that
a ransom shall be 'paid, but that will not close
the incident. It will be but the beginning of
the chapter. *
Nathaniel P. Lodge of Iowa and Dr. A.
W. Acheman of Oregon have been named
as members of the committee on nomina
tions. >
After devotional exercises at this even-
Ing's session of the American board.
President Capen read the official report
of the board concerning the captivity and
ransom of Miss Stone. The report fol
lows:
There Is such universal Interest In the case of
Miss Helen Stone, now In the hands of brig
ands, that It seems wise for the officers of the
board to make a brief statement of the facts as
they exist at the present time. For several
weeks the Government authorities at Washing
ton have been at work using every possible ef
fort to secure her release. These have been
days of deep anxiety for the officers of the
board. We have been in frequent communica
tion with our representative In Constantinople.
Last Thursday we received a dispatch from
Washington that told us how Increasingly
grave the situation had become. On the re
ceipt of this telegram a meeting of the pru
dential committee was hastily called to meet
the following day at 12 o'clock. The committee
came together and discussed the situation most
thoroughly. On the one side was the life of a*
dearly beloved missionary; on the other side
was the fact that if we yielded to this demand
for ransiJm It was putting a premium upon the
life of every missionary of the American Board,
and not of our board only, but missionaries of
every society in the world. The question was
even broader than the case of missionaries; it
practically : concerned the safety of any and
every American citizen. Recognizing the full
gravity of the situation, the committee, without
a dissenting vote, decided that it had no right
to pay a ransom and establish a precedent that
would be sure to be dangerous In all the future
Furthermore, we were restrained by the fact
SALT LAKE, Utah. Oct. 8.— Sport rival
ing In excitement that of a buffalo hunt
is scheduletT'to take place in Washington
and Iron counties and across the Utah
line into Xorthern Arizona on Thursday,
when the people of the Canaan district
expect to set forth and exterminate a3
many desert horses as can be rounded up.
The hunt Is booked to start at Pipe
Springs. Where it will end no one pre
tends to know.
The mustangs, or desert horses, are so
thick in the district lying between Hur
ricane Ridge and Kanab Wash and over
the old Canaan range to Mount Turnblll
that ranchers are complaining on many
scores. The range is being eaten up, gen
tle horses are being run off and many
valuable animals are being shot by mis
take by careless sportsmen firing on sup
posed desert horses. So the populace has
decided that the mustang must go.
. Two years ago a similar decision was
reached. During th© progress of the hunt
300 horses were shot and left on the plain
and 1500 were run down and dispatched,
with the exception of 300 considered worth,
keeping. Predictions are freely made that
this record will be broken Thursday.
Prominent cattlemen and horsemen
the proposed drive in hand and are "mar
shaling their forces for an epoch break
ing round-up.
BUREAU, 1406 O STREET,
/f N. W. f WASHINGTON. Oct. 8.-
IL . Though the . time limit within
which the ransom for Miss Stone
was to have been paid expired at
noon to-day, the woman, according to in
formation received By the State Depart
ment. Is etill alive. This gratifying intel
ligence Ib clouded by a suspicion of the
course which Bulgaria has pursued.
Should the suspicion now entertained that
Bulgaria participated In the plot for the
.American missionary's abduction be ab
eolutely confirmed, it is the purpose of
this Government to BUbmit a heavy claim
which shall include indemnity for Miss
Stone and the amount of ransom that will
be paid, or. In "he event of her death, an
Indemnity for her heirs. The officials in
sist that there is xio fund out of which
the ransom of Miss Stone can be dis
bursed, but there Is reason to believe that
the secret fund of the Slate Department
will be used to supplement the amount
contributed by the charitable of the Unit
ed States In case the money collected
ehould not reach the sum fixed by Miss
Stone's captors. The department is ob
eerving the utmost reticence, claiming
that an ill-advised publication may de
feat the elaborate plans they have under
way for the woman's rescue. The officials
absolutely refuse to confirm or deny
rumors in circulation as to the negotia
tions in progress, but say that everything
possible is being done to rescue Miss
Stone.
Blame Liaid on Turkey.
LONDON, Oct. 9.— The Daily Mall has
received the following dispatch from its
Vienna representative:
In reply to a telegram I addressed to him to
day. General Zontschew, president of the Mace
donian committee, denies that the committee
had any hand In the abduction of Miss Stone.
He adds that the committee desires the support
of the civilized world for the Macedonian cause,
and therefore would not commit such a folly.
"The Turks," he says, "did the deed, and
Turkey must be made responsible."
M. Danew, the Bulgarian Foreign Minis
ter, Indignantly denies the - suggestion
that the Bulgarian Government is not do
ing its best to rescue Miss Stone. He
Eays 3000 troops are engaged in the search
for her.
Beloved in Bulgaria.
PHILIPPQPOLIS. Bulgaria, Oct. 8.-
Public interest in the fate of Miss Helen
M. Stone, the kidnaped American mis
sionary, intensifies here. There Is wide
spread condemnation of the Government
for allowing such freedom to the Macedo
nian committee as to enable it to engl
reer the outrage.
Miss Stone resided here before she went
to Saloniea and she is well known
throughout the country. The patriotic
Bulgarians are incensed, as they recog
nize that Miss Stone and her colleagues
of the American missions In Bulgaria and
Macedonia have been their best friends
throughout the troubles. There is no lack
of indications that Prince Ferdinand is
Imperiling his own position by permitting
such license -to the committee as to enable
it to blackmail, prominent people in sup
port of the Macedonian cause.
Consul General Dickinson, when here on
his vray to Sofia from Constantinople,
-^houglit it probable that if the brigands
understand from headquarters that the
ransom would not be paid they would re
lease Miss Stone, as the Macedonian
cause would not be helped by the murder
of the woman.
Torture of Suspects.
PARIS, Oct. 8.— A letter received by the
Havas Agency from Saloniea, dated Octo
ber 4, says:
The American Consul here has Just received
orders to make the arrangements with the Vali
<Governor) for the payment of the ransom of
A young man may be sharp, and still
he may cut no Ice.
Special Dispatch ti\ The Call.
Adjutant General Corbin Admits That Uncle
Sam Was Charged With Cablegrams
Sent by Colonel Heistand to General Otis
TEN BILLION DOLLAR CORPORA TION
FILES ITS ARTICLES IN PHOENIX
RANSOM IS NOT YET PAID,
BUT CAPTIVE STILL LIVES
Money Is Being Rapidly Subscribed to Secure
the Release of. Miss Stone, the Abducted
Missionary, and Government Is Active
GOVERNMENT PAYS TOLLS
ON THE "HEMP" MESSAGES
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 9,- 1901.
Safe for Assessor's Office.
The Supervisors' Building Committee
awarded a contract yesterday for building
a safe in the Assessor's office for $820.
The sum of $1700 was appropriated in the
last budget for the purpose.
If you would have things come your way
you must settle down.
CARSON, Nev., Oct. 8.— "Word was re
ceived in this city to-day that Joe Pete,
the Indian who murdered William Dang
berg in Alpine County, California, about
a year ago, has been killed by his broth
er. Only last week Joe Pete murdered his
father-in-law and nearly killed another
Indian in the camp.
Joe Pete was arrested for the murder of
Dahgberg, was tried and convicted and
the day set for his execution. Then he
made his escape from the County Jail.
Rewards aggregating $2000 were offered
for his capture. He was heard from many
times, but the white men did not care to
attempt his capture in the mountains and
the Indians \u25a0would not lend assistance.
After the murder of Joe Pete's father
in-law recently the tribesmen held a con
sultation and appointed Pete's brother as
the one to kill the' murderer. The brother
executed his mission early this morning,
slaying Joe Pete in his hiding place in
Alpine County.
The State of Nevada has had a standing
reward for Joe Pete, dead or alive.
Indian Metes Out Pun
ishment Decreed By-
Tribe.
U2JTON PACIFIC MEN I
More Than One Million Snares Repre
sented at the Session in
Salt Lake.
SALT LAKE, Utah, Oct. 8.— The annual
stockholders' meeting of the Union Pa
cific Kailway took place in this city to
day Those preserft at the meeting were
President Horaqb G. Burt, Secretary
Alexander Millard^ Judge Kelly of Omaba
and Le Grand Young, loeal counsel for the
big system. In all 1.325,243 shares were rep
resented at the meeting.
-Two new directors, Charles A. Peabody
and Henry H. Rogers, both of New York,
were elected into tne board to-day. They
take- the places of the temporary direct
ors H. W. Krech and F. P. Voorhees
Considerable business was transacted at
to-day's meeting, including the reading of
drafts of the annual report of the Union
Pacific, setting forth the condition of the
road and the contemplated improvements.
The following board -was elected to serve
during the ensuing year: Oliver Ames,
Horace G. Burt. T. Jefferson Coolidge Jr.,
Thomas T. Eckert. Louis Fitzgerald,
8
3gBnBEBlHBHaBEHBEBBBHBHSBBHBBgflBBBHBB^B V HHH'HHBBEBB^BBB^
- ; - - ;- — — \u25a0 — — . ; ; I m
' . . •..,.-• ...... .. - _ .. jj
• /_ . \u25a0 - . -' :< • .-..-•. \u25a0 ... - \u25a0
: .,--\u25a0,. . .\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0--- \u25a0•\u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0 . . - . i B
•\u25a0 # - • \u25a0 .\u25a0 .'"..- "\u25a0 . 3
\u25a0 • • • \ . , .-,-.- . . a
\u25a0 - . \u25a0 _• ' ' " . * . \u25a0• - - \u25a0 a
MY^s^^^^bSr^uS \u25a0\u25a0bBb^bh v^£ib#^^^^ubi9 b^3&S^b\ / g%
j x o o o o o o o_qLQ_o_o_o P p o q_oo o_ff_?_Q 0 0 0°) i 2
is * Has Secured the Exclusive Serial Rights of |j . \u25a0
g - • \ ~ g . . . \u25a0
f \u25a0 ,- ;^ : \u25a0 . • I \u25a0 .\u25a0-\u25a0'••\u25a0\u25a0 . «• 3
tf • :'* . \u25a0 \u25a0 . - .' \u25a0 \u25a0• v - \u25a0 -\u25a0\u25a0 ~ \u25a0 ........ • . . -4 $ . a
* \u25a0 \u25a0 . * ' . '- \u25a0 - : * «• *
js The Story of a Love Behind a Throne \ \
I i^^OV GEORGE BARR McCUTGHEON^^- 1 '- I
jo The romance o? a youh^American who meets his fate on the east-bound express from Denver, helps her out of a bad hole, loses her on an ocean greyhound, £J £
;2 \ and follows her to the ends of an unknown earth. A dashing story, full o? intense situations. 3 5
C&^.R&&&ftA£AJLftgJ^JUU&£JUJ^ SLSLSLSLSLkSLSLSULSLiajLSLkJL& qpoopoopqqoo <n>_q_q_o_9 ff o ff P_o o o_o_o.o_o.o PPPPPftflflPPOP-PPOoooPOQ o_o_p_o_o.p o j |
\u25a0 , •' .,';-,-\u25a0 - . ~" ' .;:. •• (i \u25a0 '.. -^ , I
• \u25a0 . \u25a0 ** a
! • 'Ap To be P la y ed fcy MARY MAN1TERIN"G. She -writes: "I am delighted that arrangements have been completed for the dramatic rights of 01 : S
'GBATJSTABK.' The story is, I think, better than 'The Prisoner of Zenda,\and the character of /the Princess is one which I shall love to act." Jp? -rtff"Ta..
f- \u25a0/&, JEAmSrxjs K GILDEB, Editor of "The Critic," says: "I have read few prettier scenes in fiction than that in the throne room between "
i |0 Grenfel Lorry and th^ reigning Princess of Graustark." . ' , . ~ " -®l 1
[ Sunday Call October 13. I I
il ' • • " " • • '\u25a0' • \u25a0\u25a0-• -'• '" \u25a0 \u25a0 ' '\u25a0'-' \u25a0'..'•\u25a0\u25a0. \u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0 . '• . \u25a0\u25a0•• ' . S
ajwiB«i»««««««»»jiii<«*«MgiiBjia^^Mrs. Carrie Fross-Snyder gave a clever
dramatic recital last evening at Century
Hall. She was assisted by Hother Wls
mer, violinist, and Warren Roscoe Lucy,
pianist. Mrs. Snyder rendered "An An
nouncement Dinner," "The Poet's • Vis
ion,". "Love- Me. Love /My Dog-,'* •\u25a0-\u25a0 "In
Salem Town" and other choice selec
tions in a style that won her the applause
and praise of her ..select audience.
Mrs. Snyder's Becital.
The demurrer interposed by the city of
Placerville to the suit brought by Eliza
beth A. "VVideman, executrix of the will of
Martha" 'VVideman, to recover $19,95910, the
value of bonds Issued by the city, was
sustained by Judge Seawell yesterday.
The bonds were Issued In 1S63 to raise
money for the Placerville Fire Depart
ment. The demurrer was made on the
ground that the statute of limitations
barred the action.
Baried by Statute of Limitation.
The open air socialist who nightly ad
dresses the public at the intersection - of
Grant avenue and O'Farrell street was
last night forced to retire with his audi
ence under a rapid and well distributed
fire of eggs. This is not the first time
citizens have adopted this means of retir
ing the orator and his disciples. Last
night the operation was conducted from
the roofs of adjoining buildings. The, fire
was carefully directed and although the
orator received more eggs thaoi would
have sufficed to insure his silence and
withdrawal, his audience and even a few
spectators were not overlooked by the
overhead artillerymen:
Dr. Singer of Santa Barbara, a member
of the State Board of Pharmacy, was
among those present in the circle of spec
tators. He received his egg between the
necktie and the tipper button of his vest.
"This- conies from rubbering-," he con
fided to the mate of a shoeblack stand as
the latter removed the egg stains. "That
was a clean shirt this morning. I'll never
rubber again."
More "Eggs for Socialists.
libel Against George W. McNear.
Anthony Robert Marshall of Liverpool,
England, owner of the British ship John
Cooke, filed a libel yesterday in the
UnHed States District Court against
Greorge W. McXear to recover $1800 dam
ages for eighteen days' detention of the
vessel in this port \jrhile discharging
cargo. The complaint alleges that Mc-
N>ar chartered the vessel and that while
ehe was discharging cargo at Beale-street
wharf in this city McNear on July 23 of
this year caused the work to be stopped,
thereby unnecessarily delaying the vessel.
SAILOES MAY HAVE NO
SPECIAL PRIVILEGES
Must Conform to the Immigration
Laws Before They May Be
Landed Here.
James M. Beck, acting Attorney Gen
eral, .banded down an opinion yesterday
for the information of United States Im
migration Commissioner Hart North re
specting the: authority of his office over
alien sailors landing at this port. Beck
advises North that it is in his power to
make such examinations take such
precaution as may be reasonably neces
sary to prevent any alien immigrant,
whether he be a sailor or not, from-enter
ing this country in the sense that all im
migrants. enter, it. An alien immigrant of
the prohibited classes does not escape the
operation of the statutes because he ships
as a seaman. This ruling does not refer
to alien sailors who have arrived here in
the pursuit of their calling and are await
ing their departure, but if they- ship as
seamen as a convenient method of secur
ing passage to this country and for the
purpose of entering therein as other alien
immigrants, then they are passengers, and
as such subject to the usual examination
and the capitation tax of on© dollar.
Lee Palmer in Trouble.
Lee Palmer, proprietor of the Leepal-.
mer House, Mason and O'Farrell streets,
was arrested yesterday on a "warrant
charging him. with battery. The com
plaining witness is Mrs. Lucy Carter, his
mother, of the Palmerlee House, 133 Ellis
street. She stated she ordered him to
quit managing the Leepalmer House, as
she was dissatisfied with the way he was
conducting- the business. He left, but re
turned last Saturday night and- took $92
out of the safe. She ordered him to re
turn the money, but he refused and
grabbed her fiercely by the arm, so she
says. There is a charge of grand larceny
pending- against him In Judge Fritz's
court for the alleged theft of diamond
rings from Mabel West.
New Railroad Company Incorporates.
Articles of incorporation of the Califor
nia Midland Railroad Company were filed
yesterday in the County Clerk's office.
The company has been Incorporated for
the purpose of building and operating 5L"0
miles of road with termini at Stockton;
Ycsemite Valley. Bakersfield and at a
point near the Nevada line. The road Js
incorporated for $15,000,000, of which $500,
000 is subscribed. The directors of the
new company and the amounts they have
subscribed to are: W.^ H. H. Harf nnd
W. M. Graham; I $25,000, ; and R. v J; I Davis,
E. R. Graham, E. Dexter, Albert Bctz,
H. C. Bunker and B. C. Van Emon $1000
each.
The United States Civil Service Com
mission Invites attention to the examina
tions which will be held October 22 at
various places throughout the United
States as follows: Aid, Coast and Geo
detic Survey; salary $720 per annum; age
limit 1* to 25 years. Meat Inspector, Bu
reau of Animal Industry, Department of
Agriculture; salary from $1200 to $1400 per
annum. Apply to United States Civil
Service Commission, Washington, D. C,
for manual and forms 204 and 375.
Lock fitter in the mail equipment di
vision, Postoffice Uepartment; salary $150
to $2 25 per diem. Apply to commission
for form 1993, which should be properly
executed and filed with the commission
prior to the hour of closing business on
Kovember 1.
Civil Service Examinations.
The sentences of four of those recently
captured were approved by General
Young yesterday. The persons are Her
bert B. Rollins, Eighteenth Infantry; K.
F. McCarthy and Virgil E. Brannon, Fif
teenth Cavalry, and Paul Ott, Coasts Ar
tillery. All are dishonorably discharged
and given terms of from twelve to eight
een months' imprisonment on Alcatraz
Island.
Army officials are very much puzzled at
the unusual number of desertions which
are occurring among the troops stationed
at the Presidio. Within the last two
months several men have quietly left va
rious companies of the Eighteenth Infan
try. A few have deserted the Fifteenth
Cavalry and the new batteries of artillery
which are being organized in San Fran
cisco have suffered In like manner.
The soldiers at the Presidio have better
quarters and are better fed than at most
military stations, but It is proverbial in
army circles that enlisted men cannot
stand good treatment. Extra precautions
are being taken to discourage the deser
tions. The offenders when apprehended
are severely punished. Some of the men
surrender themselves and many re-enlist
In other organizations. Very few of the
men who desert, however, are caught, for
the. department cares little to keep such
soldiers in the service.
Army Officials Take Active Measures
to Discourage Continuation of
th.e Practice.
MANY SOLDIERS DESERT
FKOM THE PRESIDIO
The Chamber of Commerce held its reg
ular monthly meeting yesterday. Letters
from John Barrett and V. "W. Foster, the
United States delegates to the Congress
of American States, which convenes- in
the City of Mexico October 22, were read
and suggestions by several members of
the chamber were sent back as requested.
The death of Stewart Menzies, who was
for many years a member of the organ
ization, was officially announced and suit
able resolutions were adopted.
The following named firms were elected
to membership:
Charles J. lieist & Co., C. M. Mann. The
Morton Draying and Warehouse Company. K.
N. NaMB & Co., Overland Freight Transfer
Company, Charles W. Pike' & Co., John- W.
Richards, Rix Compressed Air and Drill Com
pany, The RoBenblattt Company, Security Sav
ings Bank, S. Silverberg, Slmonds Saw Com
pany, Standard Biscuit Company, A. \V. Wal
lace. Waterhouse & Lester, White Bros., Harry
R. Young-, California Barrel Company, George'
W. Caswell Company, California Ink Company,
Irvin Ayres, Blum, Morris & Co., Connecticut
Fire Insurance Company, Walter E. Dean, De
Solla-Deusslng Company, T. H. Dowling &
Co., German Savings and Loan Society, Hart
ter, Hayes & Co.. J. J. Havlslde & Son, A. J.
Hechtman, Adolph Hromada. WilWam J. Lan
ders, S.-B. Leavittt J & Co.
Important Matters Are Discussed and
Many Wew Firms Admitted to
Membership.
CHAMBKR OF COMMERCE
HOLDS MONTHLY MEETING
The McKinley memorial fund is rapidly
increasing, the subscriptions to date
amounting to more than S1G.OQ0. The fol
lowing contributions were received yes
terday;
Hiss Phelan ?1CO 00
fherman. Clay & Co 100 00
Shirley 50 00
Pacific Mutual Life Insurance Co 50 00
Pupils Grant School 40 40
Rothschild & Hadenfeldt 20 09
Mai-key's Candy Store 10 00
"Wheeler & Wilson in 00
Baldwin Jewelry Company 30 CO
Pupils V.*infi<?ld Scott School 4 51
Kohlberg & Co v S 00
Ashtoa & Gardiner 6 00
Bessie Baumgartner, Oakland 103
John Jay Baumgartner, Oakland 1 00
$407 91
Previously reported $15,860 76
Total to date $16,2C8 67
McXinley Memorial Fund.
a millionaire of Woodstock, Vt.. was filed
in this city yesterday for probate. The
document disposes of an estate of great
value and two residents of San. Francisco
and a resident of Oakland are beneficiar
ies. They are George W. Granniss of this
city, who is bequeathed $10,000; F. Billings
Haight, who receives $1000, and Alfred
Barstow of Oakland, who also gets $1000.
Charles J. Billings and Franklin X. Bill
ings, brothers of the deceased, are be
queathed $o".000 each, and Oliver Billings,
another brother, receives J75.000. Two sis
ters. Mrs. Sophie Wallace and Elizabeth
S. Alien, who are wealthy in their own
ris-ht. receive 510.000 each.
By the terms of the will Amherst Col
lege and the school for boys at Mount
Hermon, Vt.. are enriched by $50,000 each,
and the University of Vermont receives "a
like sun. \u25a0 Several missionary* .societies
are lc-ft sums ranging from J1W0 to $15,000.
All the old servants of the dedd million
aire are legatees for various sums.
The residue of the estate, after the pay
ir.c-nt of the legacies mentioned, is to. be
held in trust for his children.
Property valued at $60,000, located In va
rious parts of the State, is part of the es
tate.
.Residents of TMs City and Oakland
Are Named as Legatees in
the Document.
The will of the late Frederick Billings.
EASTERN MILLIONAIRE'S
"WTLIj IS FILED HERE
A council of the Knights of Columbus'
was organized in the Palace Hotel last
evening by James J. Gorman of Massar
chusetts, national "organizer of the so
ciety. About 100 representative Catholic
men of this city, Oakland, Alameda; San
Jose and Santa Cruz were present and
after learning the aims and /purposes of
the organization filed applications " for
membership. This is the first attempt at
the establishment of this • Catholic fra
ternal organization in the West. In the
Eastern States it is very strong. Its mem
bership approaching the 80,000 mark.
Knights of Columbus.
Siskiyou Mountains Are Be
lieved to fie Rich in
Metal.
It appears that the recently created Re
publican County Committee is not to take
hold of the party reins until after the mu
nicipal election. It was stated at Repub
lican headquarters yesterday that Chair
man Riordan would not at present appoint
the eighteen members at large which the
convention authorized him to select. Ac
cording to the arrangement adopted by
the managers of the party. Max Goldberg,
Pat Prendegast and their associates of
the campaign committee appointed by the
convention will direct affairs at headquar
ters. Billy Rickard says that this is no
departure from the custom.
Sepublican County Committee.
The new committee, consisting of the
foregoing forty and the seventy-two se
lected by the district delegations, will
meet for permanent organization at Na
tive Sons' Hall this evening. It is said
that Jasper : McDonald will be- re-elected
chairman. - •"•'- -"-
Jasper McDonald, T. T. Fitzpa'trlck. I.
Johnston. J." J. Sullivan. Louis de F. Bartlett,
William T. Hess. Jcseph Rothchild, Thomas
E. Curran. Julius Frankel, Patrick Madden.
Louis H. Mooser, John O'Brien, John Prosek,,
M. C. McGrath. W. W. McNair, Joseph Goger;
Charles W. Fay. Leo Kaufman, William H.
Low, Charles J. Gallagher, R. Porter Ashe.
Charles H. Holcomb, Henry McGrath. E. P.
Er.right. T. D. Riordan, Eustace Cullinan.
William King, Thomas Heaney, John E.
O'Brien, Dr. L. D. Bacigalupl, Samuel Braun
liart, W. W. Sanderson, Lawrence Bannan Jr.,
Fred C. Boden, Patrick Lyden. Charles D.
South. Matt K. 'Lally. P. J. Hegerty, Howard
Park. J. IX Maxwell. . _ : •. , . \u25a0'\u25a0
Supervisor Charles "Wesley Reed, who
was turned down by the late Democratic
convention, has about made up his mind
to enter the race for Supervisor as an in
dependent candidate. He is told by many
of his supporters that the people are long
ing Icr an opportunity to vote for him,
and he may decide to afford them the de
sired gratification. He fancies that the
nineteen hundred names required for his
petition can be readily obtained.
Chairman McGee of the- late Demo
cratic convention, who was authorized to
name forty County Committeemen at
large, names the following: •\u25a0 -. - \u25a0 -
The executive committee met later in
the evening and each of the fifteen mem
bers thereof was authorized to select
twenty delegates to the convention.
There was gossip last night to the effect
that the non-partisans would nominate
Reginald AVebster, Superintendent of
Schools, for Mayor; William Broderick
for Auditor, and W. A. Deane for County
Clerk. In order to preserve the organiza
tion for service in the next campaign one
candidate whose name does not appear on
any of the existing tickets will be nom
inated. . .
Reed May Run Independent.
Secretary Emanuel Lorenzo and Charles
G. Nagle were appointed as a committee
to engage a hall for convention purposes.
The orator, speaking for himself as a
Republican, said he would never support
the Dan Burns ticket.
"Will Not Support Burns' Ticket.
The local campaign is to be enlivened
by another convention. Last evening sup
porters of the Non-Partisan Municipal
League met at Lodge Hall. .1605 Polk
street, and. authorized the league's execu
tive committee to appoint delegates from
each Assembly district to assemble at
some suitable hall on Friday evening of
this week and proceed to the nomination
or indorsement of a municipal ticket. The
meeting last night was attended by forty
interested citizens. Nathah Bibo presid
ed. Animated speeches were made by ex-
Senator H. V. Morehouse, A. B. Tread
well, E. R. Peace and Charles G. Nagle.
The orator of the evening- was Senator
Alcrehouse, who said: "We want to ef
fect an organization which shall be a
factor in .the control of the city and give
to the public an honest administration of
municipal affairs. We want San Fran
cisco to stand as one' of the finest cities
of the world. Let us organize a move
ment in which men who appreciate the
honor and standing of the city may. put
their hearts, their souls and their ener
gies. We are not .seeking Republicans or.
Democrats to perform party service, but
we want men irrespective of party affilia
tion who will honestly and efficiently per
form public duties."
Among the allegations in the petition
were that Pierce had obtained a fee of
$3800 for practically doing nothing in the
case and that Wolf had given large fees
to other counsel without any apparent
necessity for doing so.
I desire now "to enter an absolute denial to
the allegations of the petition and the state
ments of its author's attorneys, both for my
self and Mr. Wolf. I say that the instrument
on its face shows its-falsity; that nothing can
excuse the wantonness of its misrepresenta
tions. The Intention of the attorney who drew
the petition' cannot be misunderstood. He
makes oath to its contents, and. It appears,
a iree and voluntary oath.i If I were guilty
of the imposition on the court that is charged
by Mr. Pope, if Mr.' 'Wolf were, if any of
the things charged were true 'we would be
the lowest of scoundrels, unworthy of the re
gard of even the meanest of men.
There would be my place (pointing to the
dock) and not for long, for the State has pro
vided a place for just such a scoundrel as I
would be if what is charged here by Mr. Pope
were true. I shall not again address the court
in this matter as an attorney, my - position
until a hearing, is concluded belnff that of a
witness, but I shall ask this courUafter a full
investigation of the facts ot the case, of -my
acts and of Mr. Wolf's acts, under- its seal
and under its honor to write its word against
those who are the Bcoundrels in this case.
And I shall ask this court to name the person
responsible for these baseless charges.
Ex- Judge Slack, who appeared as coun
sel for Pierce and Wolf, after argument
was sustained by the court in opposing
the petition. He insisted on the investi
gation being proceeded with at once, but
Attorney Pope begged for delay and the
matter was continued till Friday.
The allegations made in the petition of
Mrs. Mary Brunning or Brunnings for a
change of venue formed the grounds for
words of severe denunciation by Attorney
W. L. Pierce In Judge Cook's court yes
terday, when the case was called. Attor
ney Francis Pope represented the peti
tioner and Attorney Pierce was counsel
for the trustee of the estate. Attorney E.
Myron Wolf. Mrs. Brunnings was sent
to the insane asylum some years ago and
she has now -been restored to capacity..
Attorney Pierce, in addressing the court,
said: .
Attorney Collins objected to the testi
mony on the ground that the claim was
irrelevant, immaterial and incompetent
because the indictment charged that the
claim had been paid in money, while the
testimony was to the effect that it had .
never been paid at all, but had been off
set by material furnished to the Selby
people by the Mint. The objection was
overruled. *
Collins on the cross-examination called
the attention of- the witness to the fact
that on the preliminary examination be
fore United States Court Commissioner
Heacock he had testified that the bill had
been changed on the suggestion of Super
intendent Leacn^over the. telephone, who
said that it would facilitate their (the
Mint people's) bookkeeping. The witness
admitted that ihe transcript of his testi
mony was correct and that l^each" tele- ;
phoned two or three days after the wit
ness had received the penciled request
from Dimmick. He added, in response to
a question by Attorney Denson, that Dim
mick had never been authorized by the
Selby Smelting and Lead Company to
collect $498 37 or any other sum for them.
Frank A. Leach, superintendent of the
Mint, was the next witness. •• Leach ex
plained the transaction of the $498 37 and
said that he had ordered Dimmick to call
the atetntion- of the Selby people to the
bill for 1536 05 and request them to divide
it so as to have one of the bills 'wiped
out" by credit, fcr material. The witness
feared that unless this should be done his
accounts might be confused. On the cross
examination the witness admitted that
that was a correct method of dividing the
bill.
. The court adjourned until 11 o'clock this
morning 1 .
• The opening statement for the Govern
ment was made succinctly and impres
sively by Attorney Woodworth. He ex
plained that the amount mentioned in the
indictment was a balance against the
Mint for bluestone furnished by the Selby
Smelting and Lead Company. This bill
was paid by the Government to the Selby
people March 26. lfHX). and on April 7 of the
same year Dimmick presented the bill to
Cashier Cole of the Mint and .received
$49S 37, when Dimmick, at the sanie time,
knew that the bill had been paid. This
nioney he converted to his own use- for
almost a month.
Theodore Gray, principal accountant
and bookkeeper of the Selby works at the
time of the transaction mentioned in the
indictment, was the first witness for the
Government. He testified that a bill dat
ed March 20, 1900, for $636 05 had been sent
back to the Selby Company.-with a note in
pencil in Dimmick's handwriting affixed,
requesting the Selby people to segregate
the bill into two, one of them for $498 37
and the other for the remainder.
Collins Interposes an Objection.
Prosecution States Its Case.
The prosecution was conducted by Unit
ed States District Attorney Marshall B.
"Wcodworth, Samuel C. Denson and . Bert
Schlesinger. George D. "Collins appeared
for the accused. .
The following named were sworn In as
jurors to try the case: Jeremiah Deasy,
A. B. Clute, George N. Hind. William J.
Casey, William Schroeder, James Hogg,
F. P. Cutting, R. Chartrey, Samuel
Schwartz, A. A. Schneider, William H.
Stevens and J. J. McNamara.
The trial of Walter N. Dimmick, ex
chief clerk of the United States Mint,
was begun yesterday before a jury in the
United States District Court on an indict
ment charging him with having presented
a false and fraudulent voucher for $498 37
on April 7, 1900, and with having convert
ed the money to his own use for the peri
od of elmost a month. . •
During recent months copper discov
eries have been made in the Siskiyou
Mountains which give rich promise. Cap
ital was plow tn invest in them, be
cause it was believed they were merely
superficial offshoots from the Shasta
belt. Notable discoveries have been made
at Preston Peak and along Joe Creek.
Isear the Oregon line some rich copper
prospects have been opened. The an
nouncement that the great belt on which
Delamar finds ore running 33 per cent
copper actually extends through the ter
ritory in which the new discoveries have
been made will cause an inflow of cap
ital to the more northern regions and the
rapid development of properties. By
next spring an army of prospectors will
have invaded the Siskiyou Mountains,
and the discovery of copper mines as
great as those of Shasta may result.
Since the first copper mining in this
county it has been maintained that the
copper belt extended from the Bully Hill
section in a northwesterly direction to
Backbone Creek, nea/ which the Bala
klala, Shasta King, Mammoth and Fri
day-Lowdon are situated, and then
turned southwesterly to Bully Choop.
The examinations by Anderson "and l>u
bols have convinced them that the true
belt extends from Bully Hill northward
through Siskiyou, and. curving back near
Ashland, Or., runs south through the
Backbone country. Thev will present
their data in the official bulletin.
REDDING, Oct. S.-Professor Frank M
Anderson and Peter C. Dubois, mine ex
perts serving as assistants to the State
Mining Bureau, have made some discov
eries which proclaim the general theory
of the great copper belt of this county
to be in error, and which indicate that
the copper district is of far wider scope
than had been supposed. Their Investi
gations, made in the interest of the cop
per bulletin, to be issued by the State
Bureau, shows that come recent surpris
ing copper developments In Siskiyou
County and Southern Oregon are upon
the same belt on which the famous mines
of Shasta are located.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Hints of Webster for Mayor
and Broderick for
t Auditor. *
Superintendent Leach Tells
. About the System of
Bookkeeping.
Investigation in Mary Brun
rtings' Estate Case Is
Postponed.
Beginning of His Trial
on Charge of Petty
Embezzlement.
Convention to Assemble
Friday Evening of
This Week.
Makes a Sensational Ad
dress Before Judge
Cook. .
Shasta County Belt Is
Traced Beyond Ore
gon Line.
DIMMICK BEFORE
TWELVE JURORS
NON-PARTISANS
TO TAKE A HAND
PIERCE SCORES
ATTORNEY POPE
COPPER DISTRICT
VAST IN EXTENT
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, OCTOBEE 9, 1901.
9
- AJD VEBTISEMENTS.
"dotted states branch.
— op the —
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OP THE
Commercial Union
ASSURANCE COMPANY
LIMITED
OF LONDON. ENGLAND. ON THE J1ST
day of December. A. D. 1300. and for the
year ending on that day, as made to the In-
surance Commissioner of the State of Califor-
nia, pursuant to the provisions of sections 810
and 611 of the Political Code, condensed as per
blank furnished by the Commissioner.
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company ISSS.I4S S3
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages 230,509 CO
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company 1.SS2.393 73
Cash in Company's office...... 10.6C5 88
Cash in Banks 133,315 24
Interest -due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans „ 17,303 30
Interest due and accrued on - Bonds
and Mortgages 4 010 41
Premiums In due Course of Collec- 1
tion 433.8S9 28
Bills receivable, not Matured, taken
for Fire and Marine Risks 8,293 79
Rents due and accrued 8 055 54
Due from other Companies for Re- '
insurance on losses already paid.... 4 183 15
Due from Palatine Insurance Com-
pany, since paid 143.268 53
Total Assets .*3.8S1.T7O 52
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid $113,110 00
Losses In process of Adjustment or In
Suspense 136.333 0O
Losses resisted. Including expenses.. 49,500 00
Qroes premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less, Jl, 919. 103 38;
reinsurance 50 per cent 959.531 63
Gross premiums . on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year. $1,938,-
220 03; reinsurance pro rata 930,51107
Gross premiums on Marine and In-
land Navigation Risks, $34,131 93;
reinsurance ICO per cent 34.131. S3
Gross premiums on Marine Time
Risks, $57,193 17; reinsurance 50 per
cent 28 536 53
Amount reclalmable by tha Insured
on perpetual Fire Insurance policies 97 723 54
All other liabilities x 71^818 16
Total Liabilities .12,503,269 97
INCOME. =====
Net cash actually received for Fire
premiums J2.494.237 OS
Net cash actually received for Ma-
rine premiums 139,949 91
Received for Interest on Bonds and
Mortgages 1L032 50
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds. Stocks, Loans, and from
all other sources ggo 13
Received for Rents 1SJ53 21
Total Income .$2,736,822 M
EXPENDITURES. .
Net amount paid for Fire Losses (In-
cluding losses of previous years)... tl.768.15S U
Net amount raid for Marine Losses
(including losses of previous years) 55,173 48
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 491,816 07
Paid for Salaries, Fees, and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc 143.271 61
Paid for State. National and Local
taxes 70,128 70
All other payments and expend-
itures 153.405 97
Total Expenditures $2.6S3.9&3 93
Losses incurred during the year.. ....$1,782,599 (X)
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net. amount of Risks
written . during the
year .:.... J309.974.637 *3;226.627<H
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year 803,424.536 S. 078. 185 29
Net amount In force
December 31,-1900 401,717,678 3,557,323 41
Risks, and Premiums.. Mar. Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks .
written during the
year , 132.168,668 $220.803 57
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year.-V.; 48,522,157 162,586 34
Net amount in force
December 31. 1900.... 3,643.972 67.009 77
A. H. TVRAT. Manager.
Subscribed and sworn to before me, this 21st
day «f February. 1301. - \u25a0 . -.
• '\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0> \u25a0\u25a0.._\u25a0 EDWIN F. CORET,
- Commissioner for California In New York.
PACIFIC COAST BRANCH,
416 CALIFORNIA ST., S. F.
C. F. MULLINS Manager
UNITED STATES BRANCH. J
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
- — of the: \u25a0
ASSURANCE COMPANY |
OF LONDON. ENGLAND. ON THE 31ST
day of December, A. D. 1900, and for tha
year ending on that day, as made to the In-
surance Commissioner of the State of Califor-
nia, pursuant to the provisions of sections 619
and 611 of the Political Code, condensed as pec
blank furnished by the Commissioner.
ASSETS. . :
Real Estate owned by Corftpany $173,170 87
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages 612,750 CO
Cash in Banks 42,878 a
Interest due and accrued on all Stocks . ."
and Loans 4,723 09
Premiums In due Course of Collection 37,440 23
Bills receivable, not Matured, taken
for Fire and Marine Risks 700 42
Total Assets ..„. $371,662 SI
,' LIABILITIES. T"~V
Losses In process of Adjustment or In
Suspense • $5,257 4],
Gross premiums on Fire Risks running
one year or less, $172,440 9S; reinsur-
ance 50 per cent 86,220 4)
Gross premiums on Fire Risks running
more than one year, $101, 783 52; reln-
; Eurance pro rata 47,089 94
All other liabilities 8.487 17
Total Liabilities .$147.CS5 01
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for Fire
premiums $207,384 07
Received for interest and dividends on
Bonds. Stocks, Loans, and from all
other sources 19,031 S3
Received for Rents 13.687 W
Total Income $240,162 50
EXPENDITURES. ~ ~~~ :
Nat amount paid for Fire Losses (in-
cluding $2,027 05. losses of previous
years) $93,331 7*
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 4S.532 M
Paid for Salaries, Fees and other * 1 4
charges for officers, clerks, etc 14,235 04
Paldi for State, National and Local - \u25a0 :
taxes 3,68131
All other payments and expenditures. 18,937 0
Total Expenditures $183.81* 23
Fire.
Losses incurred durlnr the year $1O1.7S1 1*
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premium*.
Ket amount of Risks
\u25a0written during the
year $21,534,111 $265.569 77
Net amount of Risks \
( expired- during the
year .1S.S36.C33 222.830 C2
Net amount In force De- -
cember 31. 19C0 20.458,923 274,224 50,
SAMUEL R. WEED. i
Of "Weed & Kennedy, Managers.
Subscribed and sworn to before me. this 25tix
day of February, 1901.
F. FISHBECK. Notary Public:
PACIFIC COAST BRANCH,"
416 CALIFORNIA ST., S. F.
C. F. MULLINS Manager
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
ISA GREAT RESTORATIVE. INVIGOKA-
\u25a0 tor and Nervine* .
The most- wonderful, aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for the Sexual Orsans. for both sexes. • ,
. The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of the Kid*
neys and Bladder. Sells on its own merits.
NABER. ALFS & BRUNE, Agents.
823 Market st., S. F.— (Send for Circular*)
POSTUM CEREAL.
RATTjWAY TRAVEL.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC^
Trains lenio nml nr« dun lo nrrlf* •»»
NAN rit*Nt!IN«!O. / \u25a0
(Main Line. Foot ot Market Street.)
leave — Frou October 6, 1901. — arrive
7:OOa Eenicla, Suisuu, Elmirm and Sacra-
111 en to. •••.••..\u25a0••••••••••••••• 8:t5p
7:O«*a VacsTille, Wiaten, Ramsey 7:53f
.7:30a Martinez, SauKmnou, Vallejo. Napa,
OalistogaandHanta ltnsa 0:23p
8:0Oa DiTia, Woodland. Knighti Landing,
Mar»B»ille, Oroiille. 7:B."»P
S:OOa Atlantic Hixpresa— Ogden and East 12:33r
Mm* Niles, Lithrop, Stockton ?:3»i»
8:00a NUes, Mendota, Hanford, Visalia, .
Porterrills 4:35?
8:30a Shasta Express— Davis, Williams ({or
Bartlett Springs). Willows, Bed
Bluff. Portland... ., 7iB3*
ai&OA Ban .lose, LiTermore, Stockton,
lone, .Sacramento, riaoerville,
M»rysTille, Chicn, lted Mull 4i2.1r
MtSOA Oakdale, Chinese, Sonora, Carters... 4:23r
»:O»a Hayward. Nile* and Way Stations.. 1 1 :»»a,
0:OOa Vallejo lasSSF
»:OOaLos Angeles Erprewi — Martinez,
Tracy, Latlirop, Htockton, Merced
Fresno and Los Angeles 7:23p
U:»OA Vullrjn, Martinez and Way Stations 7s33p
1O:UUA The O»erla»d Limited— Ogden. Hva-
Ter, Omaha, Chicago 6tB3p
fl:OOr Sacramento KI«er Steamers ta«OOA.
;ts30p Hayward, Nilt-a ami Way Stations.. 7:S3r
4>oorlieuicla. Winters. MaeraiueuTo,
/ Woodland, KnlRlits ' J,kD*Jug,
Msr/STillr, OruTllle -- I«:53a
4:00p Martlnex, Han Itanioti, Vallejo,
Napa, (.'amtnxn, Santa ItORa »>23A.
4«.00r Niles, LiTermore, Stockton. Lodi... J2i«3p
4 i»«u- Hayward. Mies, Man .lose, Lrrerraore \u26668i»Oa
4>8<>p Port Costa. Tracy. Latlirop. Stockton 1Ui23a
3:OUr TIi« Owl Limited— Ifresuo, Tulare, -
HakeraQeld, Sangus (or Santa Bar-
bara, Los Auxeles 8sS3l
B:OOp Martlnrz, Antioch, Stockton, Me*-
ced, Fresno I»s25p
Ss30r New Orleans Expre«s — Mendota,
Fresno, Bakersneid, Los Angeles,
. D;miDg, El Paso, New Orleans
and Esst 7:13a.
OiOOr Tiaynard, Kiles aud San Jose ' 7:33a,.
1«:O(li- Vnllejn : ll«*3v
U:O(»r Oriental Mail— Ogdeu, Cheyenne.
Omaha, Chicago..; 12:25p
0:00p Oriental JMaii—Ogden, Denrer,
St. Louis. Chicago 4:23p
7M»«ir Oregon and California l!x|irmii,H»e-
riuuento. Marjstille, lled.llng,
I'ortlnini, 1'nget .Sound an.l Kas» * 8:33 A
Sio.tpBan Pablo, Tort Co«ta, Blirtiner. - ..
and Way Statlous 11:25a
1W:O5p VkIIpji...... 7l3»P
• \u25a0- \u25a0• COAST LiINE (Narrow «Uim«).
! V > (Foot o(Mwrket Street.) ''
»tl3ANeiriirk.C«iiterTiJle,HauJose,Peltori,- - - \u25a0
15oulderCrcek,SaiitaCtuxaiid.Way , ,
, Stations^ ..™. 3«5»r '
. |)iUr Newark, CenterTllle. flan Jose, New _ .. ,
AliiMiileu, Kelton,- llonltler Creek, . . , . - ,
Santa Cruz aud 1'riucinal Wa»
Stations ,I»iB«a
4ilS p Newark, Htn Jou, Lo«Oatos t8:3i>*
a9.3or Hunter*' Train— Ban Jose and Waj .
Statlona '«. t7»»"r
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.:
rrom SiH /R1NCISC0— Foov of Markat Street (Slip 8>—
17:15 U:00 11:00A.M. 1:03 3:00 6:1Sp.u.
funOilURB— ri«l«fBt»«(iw»j.— |ii:00 +8:00 18:05
• 10.00a.m. 12:03 3.03 1:03 P.u.
COAST LINE (Ilroad <U.i K e).
(Third and Townseiid Sts.).
«:IOA San Jose »nd Way Stations «'»«?
7:«Oa Han Jonean.l Way SUtii.ns A'V«'
/7i«wa New Almadmi /4:10p
WiOOa H*n Jose. Tres I'lnos. H»nta Crux,
racllic Urove, Halinas, San Luis
Obispo, Santa Barbara and Prin- \u25a0
clpal lntermedUte Stations........ 7t43p
1O:3OA San Jcse and Way Stations r s ' Op
II:-.H»a Han .lose nml Way StiUions ........ Siiop
1S:-I»P San .Mateo, lied wood. Menlo Park,
Palo Alto. Santa Clara, San .lose.
TresPinos, SanU On», Salinas.
Monterey ami racllic OroTe flO:43A
SiROr San Jose and Way Stations £ : ?2 A
\u26664:15p San Joseaml Principal Way Stations «:4»a
i»:OOp San Jose, Los Gatos and Principal
Way Stations JBjOOa
SsKOp flan Jose aud Principal Way Hlatlons 8:36a
BiOOp Redwoofl. Han Jose. Gilroy. Salinas,
Santa Barbara, Los Angelea 1O:O3a
v «:3Op Ban Jose and Way Stations !^'2 A
gll:45p San Josn and Way Statious 6i30p
A for Morning. I' for Afternoon.
t Sunday excepted. t only.
a Saturday only. X Ttte8d *3 r8 -* Dd Frid * y !£
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN SI. Ca
T. iTTiCTgj HI HI
SAN FRANCISCO AND -NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
; Tlburon Ftrry. Foot »f AoHt*ft St.
San Francisco to San Rafael. "
'WEEK DAYS— 7:30. 9:00; -11:00 a. in.; 12:33,
S:30, 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
1 at 11:30 p. ra. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:50
and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00, 9:30, 11:00 a. m.; 1:20. 3:30.
5:00. 8:20 p. m.
\u25a0- . San Rafael to San Francisco.
WEEK DAYS— fi:10, 7:60, 9:20. 11:10 a. m.; 12:«J
8:40, 5:15 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:55
and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:10, 9:40, 11:10 a. m.; 1:40. 3:40.
5:05. 6:25 p. m.
Leave I In Effect I , Arrive
San Francisco. I April 28, 1901. | San Francisco.
Week j Sun- I I Sun- I Week
Days. I days. | Destination.* I ' days. | Days.
7:30 am 8:00 am Novato, 10:40 am 8:40 am
8:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma. 6:05 pm 10:25 am
6:10 pm 6 :00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:35. pm 6:20 pm
Fulton,
7:30 am Windsor. *•• 10:25 am
6:00 pm Healdsburg, 10:40 am
Lytton, ; . : .
Geyservllle,
3:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:35 pm 8:20 pm
7:30 ami 5:00 pml Hopland 110:40 am|10:25 am
8:30 pm| 8:00 ami and Uklah. ( 7:35 pm| 8:20 pm
7:30 ami 10:40 am 10:25 am
I 8:00 arn Guerneville. 7:35 pm
8:30 pm| 6:00 pm «:20 pm
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma 9:15 am 8:40 am
and
6:10 pm E:00 pm Glen Ellen. 6:05 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 ami 8:00 ami - 110:40 am 110:25 am
3:30 pm| 5:00 pm[ Sebastopol. I 7:35 pm| 6:20 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs: at Fulton
for Altruria; at Lytton for Lytton Spring* ; at
Geyserville for SkasM Springs; at Cloverdalo
for the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan
Epriners, Highland Springs, Kelseyville, Carls-
bad SDrines. Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga
Springs. Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Springs, Upper Lake. Pomo. Potter Valley,
John Day's, Riverside. Llerley's, Bucknell's,
Sanhedrln Heights, Hullvllle, Orr*i Hot
Springs. Mendoclno City. Fort Bragg. Weat-
port, Usal. . \u25a0Willita, Laytoavllle. Cummins.
Bell's Springs, Harris, Olsen's, Dyer, Scotia
and Eureka. • ; *,
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all mints
beyond San Rafael at Half rates.
Ticket office, 650 Market street. Chronicle
building. .
H. C. WHITING. R. X. RYAN.
£= Gen. Manager. Gen. Pasa. Agt.
V^|k Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
&~e*3$k 629 HEABNT ST. Established
BBS "^fS^fjttMln 1834 for the treatment of Prlvntn
15 Diseases, Lost Manhood. Debility or
MWftjgBWaadUeaaff wearlngon body and mind and
•&>wS>V!sl sllln DiaeRscs. The Doctor cures when
others fail. Try htm. Charges low.
\u25a0"^•\u25a0gSh^dfurfti ynnrnn«»«-d. CaHorWrlta.
Dr. JT. Jfc'. UIBBOS, Wan Francisco. CaL
\A/. X. HESS,
KOTABT PUBLIC AND ATTORNET-AT-LAW.
Tenth Floor. Room 1015. Clau3 Spreckels Bids.
, Telephone Main 983.
Residence. 821 California st., below Powell.
\u25a0 >- . Residence Telephone James 1501,
ADVERTISEMENTS. V
What ShaH
We Eat
To Keep Healthy and Strong;?
A healthy appetite and corrAnon senss
are excellent guides to follow in matters
of diet, and a mixed diet of grains, fruits
<^£\ .- '
and meats is undoubtedly the best, in
spite* of the claims made by vegetarians
and fcod cranks generally.
As compared with grains and vegeta-
bles, -meat furnishes the most nutriment
in a highly concentrated form and is di-
gested and assimilated more quickly than
vegetables or grains. . ..* . .
Dr. Julius Remusson on this subject
says: Nervous persons, people run down
in health and of low vitality, should eat
plenty of meat. If the digestion is too
feeble at first it may be easily strength-
ened by the regular use of Stuart's Dys-
pepsia Tablets after each meal. Two of
these" excellent tablets taken after dinner
will . digest several thousand grains of
meat, eggs or other animal food in three
or four hours, while the malt diastase also
contained in Stuart's Tablets cause the
perfect digestion of starchy foods, " like-
potatoes, bread, etc., and no matter how
weak the stomach may be, no trouble will
be experienced if a regular . practice is
made of using Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets,
because they supply the pepsin and
diastase so necessary to perfect digestion,
and any form of indigestion and. stomach
trouble except cancer, of the stomach will
be overcome by their daily use.
That large class of people who come un-
,der the head of nervous dyspeptics should
eat plenty of meat and insure its cora-
plete'digestion by the systematic use of a
safe, harmless digestive- medicine like
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets, composed of
the natural digestive principles, peptones
and diastase, which actually perform the
work of digestion and give the abused
stomach a chance to rest and to furnish
the bedy and brain with the necessary
nutriment. Cheap cathartic medicines
masquerading under the name of dyspep-
sia cures are useless for relief or cure of
indigestion, because they have absolutely
no effect upon the actual digestion of
food.
Dyspepsia in all its forms is simply a
failure of the stomach to digest food and
the sensible way to solve the riddle and
cure the indigestion is to make daily use
at meal time of a safe preparation which
is indorsed by the medical profession and
known to contain active digestive princi-
ples, and all this can truly be said of
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets.
All druggists throughout the United
States. Canada and ; Great Britain sell
them at the uniform price of fifty cents
for full treatment. -.
ga* CHICH ESTER'S ENGLISH . ~-
£,J\ JR&SSL f« CHICHESTEK'S ENGLISH
j&<4#*S|r§\in'KEI> «d Gold luotaillc bow,. .»led
\u25a0 ia « th bIue ribb0 « • ?*. ke Bo • thep - RefliM
: TOi w^ \vv Psngcrons SubatttsUon* and Iralta«
I / T ' YH tlonB « Ba 7 of T° nr Droggin. or «rnd 4c. la
1 2L Iff iUm £ t _ to . r . Pfrtloulm™, Tcatlmanlili
\ V* v fir * Bd Rell«r f»r Lad \tm," in Utttr, by re*
,_- V_ \u25a0*• -ff turn Mill. 10,000 Te«timonl*l«. Soldbj
/*• ' »nDrugg!«i. Chlche.ter Cbomlcal Co,
HcaUon tlili paper. Hmdlaor. Bquare, PniLA.. V.£
I A PERMANENT CURE I
a of the most obstinate cases of Gonorrhoea ir \u25a0
. 5? -and Gleet, guaranteed, in, frotn'. 3 to. 6 •<•
2 days ; no other treatment required. ". '5
M ' Sold by all druggists. . - 5
ADVERTISEMENTS.
To Make San Francisco the Rug Mart of
i the "West.
MOST EXTENSIVE
EXHIBIT
OF
3000
Carefully selected, genuine antique
ORIENTAL
Just Imported, many from such districts
of Persia the like for the first time brought
out here, will be given
On Friday and Saturday,
Oct. 11 and 12,
At my new daylight . -
ART ROOMS,
322 Post St., Near Powell,
Opposite Union Square.
This Is a very remarkable collection In
magnitude and quality, which cannot be
duplicated in this country or in the old.
. Every rug selected by me with great
' scrutiny and care, and it is entirely safe
from artificial antiques.
THE CALiPHA'S SILK CARPET
Made by his -favorite wife, is a wonder,
worth to see, containing 8,000,000 stitches
original value being $20,000.
Sale absolutely without reserve.
Commences MONDAY, October 14
M. B. M8HRAN.
jgBfe*:- VIM, VIGOR. VITALITY for MEN
JGgBr^Q^ MORMON BISHOP'S PILLS
fS£&na W<*L have been in use over fifty
' KaWK^rfiSm years by the leaders ofi the
1830^3*839 Mormon Church and their
I»"SSU'' "SyivSpl followers. Positively cure the
B?VJR/^'iT»' 1 ryAS worst cases in old and young
SX%4V KMT arising from effects of self-
«03Sf)5«fW abuee, dissipation, excesses or
v§S«iitv|3J' cigarette-smoking-. Cure Lost
j&F&Ki$j!£f- Manhood, ' " Impotency, Lost
- Power, Night Losses. Insom-
nia, Pains in Back, Bvll Desires, Lame Back,
Nervous Debility, Headache, Unfltness to Mar-
ry, Loss of Semen, 0* Varleocele or Con-
ptipation. Stop Ner *^ B_J vous Twitching of
Eyelids, Effects are Z^.^Zf, immediate. Im-
part vigor and pote *»=« * to every func-
tion. Don't get despondent; a cure is at hand.
Restore small, undeveloped organs. Stimulate
the brain and nerve centers; 50c a box; 6 for
$2 60 by mall. A written guarantee to cure or
money refunded with 6 boxes. Circulars free.
Address BISHOP REMEDY .CO., 40 Ellis st..
Ban Francisco, Cal. GRANT DRUG CO., 38
and 40 Third st.
GQ R A I *P& Rifles, Ammunition, Fish-*
n B Hi Ik*-* irs Tackle, Sporting, Out-
H E HaH •' n5 Gooda. Largest Stock,
a K W va m W Lowest Prices. Send for
XdW? U VJ B*dJ Catalopim and .Tob Pheet.
\u25a0 n "W • 8HREVB ft BARBER CO. •
\u25a0 ' 739 Market. 511 Kearny
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
Santa Fe Trains
Leave Market-street Ferry Depot.
•-\u25a0 ' Local Lim'd Ovrl'd Local
Dally • Dally Daily .
Lv. San Fran 7:20 a 9:00 a 8:00 p 4:20 p
*Ar. Stockton. 10:18 a 11:45 a 11:10 p : 7:1S p
. •• Merced... 12:22 p 1:17 p 1:19 a 9:11 p ,
I " Fresno.... 2:05 p 2:35 p 3:05 a 10:50 p
: " Hanford.. 3:12 p • 3:27 p 7:06 a
'" Vlsalia.... 3:40 p 4:48 a
'." Bakrsneld 6:15 p 5:20 p 7:30 a
," Kan. City 2:40a 7:30a
" Chicago.. 2:15 p 9:00p
a for morning, p for afternoon.
•9 a m. train Is the California Lim-
ited leaving Monday and Thursday only,
carrying- Palace Sleeping Cars and Dining
Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car runs
to Bakersfield for accommodation of local
first-class . passengers. No second-class
tickets honored en this train. • Correspond-
ing train arrives at 5:55 p. m. Tuesday and
"•20 y p. to. is Stockton and -Fresno local.
Corresponding train arrives at 12:30 p: m.
\-m p. m. is the Overland 1 Express with
through Palace and Tourist Sleepers • and
Fre* Reclining Chair Cars to Chltago; also
Palace Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno.
Corresponding . train arrives at 5:55 p. nj.
7-20 a. m. is Bakersfield Local, stopping
at all points in San Joaquin "Valley. Corre-
sponding train arrives at 8:40 a. m. dally.
Offices— 611 Market street and in Ferry
Depot. San Francisco; 1112 Broadway, Oak-
land.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausallto F*rry. _
Commencing September 25>, 190L
FROM SAN FK AN CISCO TO MILL VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 6:5o, 8:30. *9:30, 11:00 a. m.
\u26661:45, 3:15, 4:15, 5:15, '6:15,. 6:43 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San
Rafael on Mondays, Wednesdays • and Satur-
days at 9:30 and 11:40 p. m. I -'
SUNDAYS— *8:00. •10:00, »ll:30 a» m.. -1:1s.
3:15, *4:45. 6:30, 9:30 p. m.
marked (•) run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DAYS— »3:25, 6:27, 7:45, 8:35, 10:15
a in. *12:25, 2:15, *3:35, 4:40, 6:30 p. m
EXTRA- TRIPS on Mondays, "Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:45 and 9:55 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 6:15, »8:00. »10:00, *ll:45 a. m.,
•1:40, *3:la, i4:45. *6:30 p. m.
Trains marked (*) start from San Quentln.
. FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN. FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS-*5:45, 6:45, 7:55, 8:55, 10:30
a m.. 12:85. 2:45, 3:50, 6:10 p. m. • '
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:05, 10:05 a. m.. 12:05. 2:15. 3:39,
6:00 6:45 p. m.
' THROUGH TRAINS.
• :55 a. m. 'week-days— Cazadero and way sta-
tions. "
1:45 p. m. . Saturdays— Duncan Mills and way
stations.
8:00 a. rn; Sundays— Duncan Mills and way
stations.
Legal Holidays boats and trains will run on
Sunday time. ,
flOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
~" Leave Via Sausalito Ferry 4 Arrive -
San Fran. Foot of Market St. San Fran.
Week Sun- „.*„*.*.*»**„**. . Sun " ™<*K.
9:3Q A- ' 8*00 a. ntaniat \ txjm »» VM 1-00 P. HAb a.
1:45p. 10:00a. £.J^£Z£ £ 3-00 P. 3:40 p.
4:15p. 11:30a. „ _. 7t>. -',,' ' • 4:2o p. 5:o5 T.
l:15p. A -"- w " kDsl " mlT - • 5:55 p.
Fire, Su Fnn^KO to Summit and Itchira, $1.00.
* Oekct 0ffi««, (21 UARKXT 8TBIET ud SAUbAUIO TOUT.
"A number of my friends have aban-
doned the old-fashioned coffee and have
taken up with Postum, which they are
using sA=4LGily r There are some people
thai siake Postum very weak and taste-
less, but if It Is boiled long enough, ac-
cording to directions, it Is a very delicious
beverage. We have never used any of
il-e old-fashioned coffee since It was first
\u25a0larted In our house." Mrs. L. A. Smith.
Blodgett Mills, Cortland Co., N. T.
"I had no idea of what the trouble was
until a friend sug-grested that perhaps it
migrht be caused by coffee drinking:. I
tried leaving off the coffee and began
drinking Postum Cereal Food Coffee. The
change cum*- quickly. I am now glad to
fay that I am entirely.. well .of the heart
trouble and attribute the cure to leaving:
oft coffee and the use of Postum Cereal
Food Coffee.
it on the table.
"1 had been troubled some time with my
heart, which did not feel right. This
trouble grew worse steadily.
"Sometimes it would beat fast and at
ether times very slowly, so that I would
hardly be able to do work for an hour or
two after breakfast, and If I walked up a
hill it gave me a severe pain.
"I always drank coffeo with th© rest of
the family, for it seemed as if there was
nothing .for breakfast if we did not have
ABANDONED IT.
For the Old-Fashioned Coffee Was
Killing.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
v - j| S ||f/^^p §r<£v lined- and "I
wrW^^^0/7 per yard, 30c I
|E|j gJ^llllv >^*' = &/ We furnish homes, flats, 1
|L/*' '-s£\ hotels and rooming-houses 1
I complete. We have all the latest, designs in furni- I
§ ture, carpets, curtains and draperies and will gladly |
I give you. an estimate; T. BRILLIANT. I
H Credit 1? you wish it, and TTTTD M I TTTD 17 V(\ • \u25a0 ' B •
1 free delivery in Oakland, Ala- rUKWUUttt LU,, \u25a0
I mtda and Berkeley. 338-342 POST STREET. |
H We close at 6 except on Saturday. Opposite Union Square. • Hand heifers. $1 50@5 10; bulls and stags. $2@5;
stockers and feeders $1 50<3>4 25; yearlings and
calves, $2@3 85; veals, $3@6.
HOGS— Receipts. 6163 head; market, . 10@15c
lower. Mostly 15c off. Pigs, steady. Light
and light - mixed . $6 35©6 55; medium and
heavy. $6 45@6 75; pigs, $4 75@6 50; bulk. $6 45
©6 53.
SHEEP— Receipts, 3100 head; market steady.
Lambs, J3 35@4 25: yearlings and wethers, $2 50
@3 15; ewes, $2 25@3..
New York Metal Market.
NEW YORK, Oct. 8.— Tin values In London
took an upward course to-day, and before the
close of business were £2 5s above the previous
night's flgures, with a firm undertone prevail
ing. Spot' was quoted at £111 15s and futures
at £106 17s 6d. The demand was moderate. Lo
cally, a sympathetic rise occurred of about fifty
points, with spot quoted at $24 35©24 50.
Lead was dull at $4 37'^ here and Is 3d off to
£11 15s at London.
Spelter inactive at $4 15@4 20 here. At London
values were unchanged at £17 2s 6d.
Copper was nominally unchanged at $16 50@17
for Lake and $16 37%@16 62H for casting. Values
at London were unchanged at £63 8s 9d for spot
and £63 5a for futures.
Domestic iron markets were steady to-day,
but trading was slow. Pig iron warrants were
quoted at $9 50@10 50; No. 1 Northern foundry,
$15@16: No. 2 foundry. Southern. $14@15 50; No.
1 foundry, Southern soft, $14 50@15; No. 1 foun
dry, Southern, $14@15 50.
Glasgow iron warrants closed at 55s 6d and
Middlesboro at 45s 7^d. - '
Boston Wool Market.
BOSTON, Oct. 8.— The condition of the \u25a0wool
market here is practically unchanged from last
week. The demand for wool has been moderate,
prices are very steady and manufacturers are
buying only to supply pressing needs.
Territory wools continue to head the list of
sales. Quotations:
Territory, scoured basis — Montana, fine, 15®
16c; scoured, 44@46c; fine medium. 15@16c; scour
ed, 42@43c; staple, 16@17c; scoured, 46@48c;
Utah, Wyoming and Idaho, fine, 14@15c; scour
ed. 44@45c; fine medium. 14@15c: scoured. 40@
43c; staple. 16@17c; scoured, 46@47c.
Australian, scoured basis — Spot prices, comb
ing superfine, 70@72c; super, 68@70c; average,
65@70c.
London Wool Sales.
LONDON, Oct. 8.— The offerings at the wool
auction to-day numbered 13,876 bales, including
a good selection of scoureds, which were ln
steady demand throughout. Cross-breds. chiefly
low and medium grades, sold well, a few being
,for America. Cape of Good Hope and Natal
\u25a0was in quiet request and several parcels were
withdrawn.
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND. Oct. 8.— Clearings, $598,463; bal
ances, $71,313.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, Oct. 8.— WHEAT— Walla Walla,
63c; blue stem and valley, 54@64V£c.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. Oct. 8.— WHEAT— Half-cent high
er; blue stem, 53c; club, 52V6c
Tacoma's. Business.
TACOMA. Oct. 8.— Clearings, $221,757; bal
ances, $29,181. •',
Foreign Markets.
LONDON, Oct. 8.— Consols, 92%; silver,
26 ll-16d; French rentes, lOOf 95c; English coun
.try markets, quiet.
LIVERPOOL, Oct. 8.— Wheat, quiet; wheat
i in Paris, firm; flour in Paris, firm; weather in
! England, light rain.
I COTTON— Uplands, 4 ll-16d.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Foreign Futures.
EASTERN' MARKETS.
STOCK MARKET.
Continued on Page Thirteea,
There'is nothing new ln Seeds.
BEANS— Bayos, $2 40@2 65; Small >' "White,
$3 50; Large White, $2 40@2 60; Pea, J3@4; Pink,
$2 40@2 55; Red,- ; Blackeye, $3 30@3 50; Li
mas. $4 75@5; Red'Kidney. $3 50 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown ' Mustard, $3@3 50; Yellow
Mustard; $3 35@3 50; Flax. $2 65Q3 25; Canary,
* " ; \u25a0*
The feeling in local stocks and bonds wa3
strong on the morning session and. there were
several advances. Market Street Railroad con
tinued to rise and touched $r>3 23. Gas and
Electric rose to $43 73 and Makaweli Sugar to
J23 75. Business was not very active, how
ever. The oil stocks were dull.
In the afternoon the feeling continued stront:
Market Street Railroad sold up to $94, but fell
back to $32 50. Makaweli rose to $26 50. SDrihsr
Valley Water to JS3 and Contra Costa Water to
$77.
The Bank of California has declared a quar-
ST. JOSEPH, • Mo., Oct. 8.-CATTLE-Re
ceipts. 2411; market Bteady on best; common to
weak, 10c lower. Texans. steady; natives, $2 $0
®6 25;. Texas and Westerns, $2 50(3)5 75; cows
SHEEP— Receipts. 10,000. Sheep, good gradts,
10c higher; others, - steady; lambs, . best, 10c
higher. Good to choice wethers, $3 40@3 75; fair
to choice mixed, $2 95@3 30; Western sheep,
S2 75@3 50;' native lambs, $2 50@5 10; Western
lambs, $3 25@4 50. '\u25a0
• : . ST. JOSEPH. .
HOGS— Receipts to-day, 21,000; to-morrow,
29,000; left over, 6000. Opened 10@15c lower,
closed 15@20c off. Mixed and butchers. $6 25®
6 55 ; good to choice heavy. | $6 40@6 75 ; rough
heavy. $5 70ffi6 30; light, . $6 35@6 45; bulk of
sales. $6 35(ffi6 45. ...
CHICAGO. Oct. 8.— CATTLE— Receipts. 7000.
including 1500 Texans and 2000 Westerns. Dull
at. Monday's decline of 10@15c. Good to prime
steers, J6@6 60; poor to medium, $3 50@5S5;
stockers and feeders. $2 25@4 ; cows and heifers.
$1 25@5; canners, $1 25@2 25; bulls, $1 75@4 75;
calves. $2 50<2?6 25; Texas steers, $3 90@4 15;
Western steers, $3 65@5 30.
Eastern Livestock Market.
3%@3%c for Eastern; Alfalfa, nominal; Rape,
lH@l%c; Hemp. 3%c per lb. •
DRIED PEAS— Niles.- *1 75@1 90; Green, »1 75
@2 per ctl.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Potatoes and Onions continue easy, as the
shipping demand is now reduced to practically
nothing. River Potatoes are weak, and the
tendency in all kinds is downward. River
Sweets are also weak, but Merceds are steady
with light receipts. . . _
Most Vegetables are steady, though Corn is
weak and Green Peas are arriving in bad con
dition. The canners are paying 25@30c for
Tomatoes. '
POTATOES — 60@90c in sacks for Burbank*
from the river; Salinas Burbanks. *1 10@l 35;
River Reds, $1 50@l 65; Sweets. 40@ioc for
Rivers and for Merced.
ONIONS— 90c@$l 15 per ctl; Pickle Onions, 60
@75c per ctl. - _
VEGETABLES— Green Peas. 1@2%C f°r Gar,
den; String Beans. 2.@3c; Limas. l@2^c; Cab
bage, 60® 75c per ctl; Tomatoes from the rlv^r,
20@25c; from Alameda. 25® 40c: Dried Pepptsrs,
10@12V4c; Green Okra. 40@65c per box; Carrots.
25@35c per sack; Cucumbers. 25@40c: Pickles.
2V£<g-3c per lb for small and l@l»/ic for large;
Garlic. 2@2%c; Green Peppers, 25@50c per box
for Chile and 25@40c for Bell; Egg Plant. 30®
40c per box; Green Corn. 40@60c per sack; Ala
meda, 50@73c per crate; Berkeley. 6o@7oc;
Summer Squash, large boxes, 35@50c: new Mar
rowfat Squash. $S@10 per ton; Hubbard Squash,
no.
Poultry and Game.
Poultry Is weak and the demand Is light for
all kinds, especially young stock, which Is
lower, on account of the heavy receipts from
the East. Another car of Eastern came in,
making three for the week.
Sound Game brings the quotations, but there
Is a good deal of overheated stock coming In.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys. 14@16c for Gobblers
and 14@16c for Hens; Geese, per pair, $150®
1 75; Goslings. $1 50@l 75; Ducks. $3@3 50 for old
and $3@4 for young; Hens, $3 50@4 50; young
Roosters, $4@4 50; old Roosters, ?3 50® 4; Fry
ers, $3 25@3 60; Broilers, $3@3 25 for large and
$3 25@2 50 for small; Pigeons, $1 25@1 50 per
dozen for old' and $1 75@2 for Squabs.
GAME — Doves, per dozen, $1@1 25; Hare. Jl 2S;
Rabbits. $150 for Cottontail and $1 for Brush;
Mallard. J5@6; Sprig. J3@4; Teal. $2@2 50; Wid
geon. J2@2 60; Small Ducks. $2; Black Jacks,
; English Snipe, ; Gray Geese. J3 50®
4 SO.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Conditions in the Butter and Egg markets
have 'not changed for some little time. Deal
ers are pressing up prices for both as fast
and far as they can, in order to work off their
Eastern and storage stock, and It must be con
fessed that thus far they have been more than
successful. Still, both markets lack snap, and
the medium and lower grades are Inclined to
drag. Cheese remains steady and unchanged.
Receipts were 24,800 pounds of Butter,
pounds Eastern Butter, 591 cases of Eggs,
cases Eastern Eggs, 2600 pounds of California
Cheese and pounds Oregon Cheese.
BUTTER— Creamery, 28@29c per lb for fancy
and 25@27c for seconds; dairy, lS@25c; store
Butter, "I5@17%c per lb: Creamery Tub. 22%c;
Pickled Roll, 19@20c: Keg, lS@19c per lb.
CHEESE— New, ll@12c; old, lCftic; Young
America, 12%c per lb; Eastern, 13@15c.
EGGS— Ranch, 36@37%c for selected large. 34
®35c for good to choice and 30@32%c for fair;
store, 22@25c per dozen; cold storage. 21225c:
Eastern. 17%@23c.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Dealers quote a quiet market for Oranges
and Lemons and supplies, while not large, are
sufficient for the demand. Limes are ln fair
request at previous prices.
Peaches and Plums are now running light
and will soon be out. Fancy Apples, free from
worms, continue firm at top prices. There are
plenty of Quinces lying around. Figs are in
limited receipt.
There is not much shipping demand for
Grapes, as the last shipments to the north ar
rived there in bad order, being sour and wet
from the rains. The local demand is also
quiet. Wine Grapes continue firm.
New Grape Fruit Is coming ln from Oro
ville.
z DECIDUOUS FRUITS.
APPLES— 75c@Jl 25 per box for good to choice
and 25@65c for ordinary.
PLUMS— '25@75c per box; Prunes, 50@75c per
crate.
PEACHES— 25@30c per box; Peaches in car
riers, 35® 60c. •
POMEGRANATES— 60®75c per box.
PEARS — Winter Pears, 50c@Jl per box.
QUINCES— 35@60c per box.
PERSIMMONS— From Newcastle, Jl@l 25 per
box and crate.
STRAWBERRIES— J6@7 per chest for Long
worths and J3 50@5 for large berries.
BLACKBERRIES— $3<g4 per chest.
LOGAN BERRIES— None coming in.
RASPBERRIES— J4 75@6 per box.
HUCKLEBERRIES— 6@7c per lb.
CRANBERRIES— Cape Cod. $9<g$ 50 per bar
rel; Coos Bay. $2 50@3 per box.
FIGS— 50@75c per box for black and 40<350c
for white.
MELONS— Nutmegs, 25@60c per box; Canta
loupes. Jl@l 25 per crate; Watermelons, J3@15
per 100.
GRAPES— Large open boxes bring about 50
per cent more than small boxes and crates,
which are quoted as follows: Sweetwater, 25®
40c per box and crate; Tokay, 25@60c; Mus
cat, 25@50c; Black, 25@50c; Isabella. 40<§€5c:
Cornichon. 5CKg85c; White Grapes. J2S@33 50 per
ton for Zinfandel and $20 for White.
CITRUS FRUITS— Oranges, 50cg $4;
$lt?l 25 for common and $2@3 for good to
choice; Grape Fruit, Jl@3; Mexican Limes,
fresh, J6®6 50: repacked, J4 50@5; Bananas, 75c
<gjl 50 per bunch; Pineapples, Jl 50@3 per
dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
All fruits are more or less quiet and easy,
though letters from the other side of the coun
try predict a revival in the demand before long.
The remarkable buying of a month or so ago
seems to have stocked. up the Western dealers,
who will not re-enter the market until they
need more stock. Peaches, Apricots and Pears
are easy. Prunes steady and Raisins depressed
and unsettled. Nuts and Honey are inactive.
Prices for everything: remain about aa before.
FRUITS— Apricots, 7@9c for Royals and S@
13c for standard to fancy Moorparks; Evapo
rated Apples. 6@7c; sun-dried. 3V4@4Hc;
Peaches, 6@8c;' Pears, 5#9c; Plums, pitted.
4®5%c; unpltted. l@2c; Nectarines. 5@6c for
red and 5%@6i4c for white; Figs, 3%@3^c for
black.
PRUNES— New crop are. quoted as follows:
30-40's, 6%@5%c; 40-50's. 5@SUc: 60-60's. 4%@
4%c; 60-70's. 4®4%c; 70-80's, 3%@3»ic; 8O-9Cs 3®
3>/ic; 90-100' s, 2H<g2?ic per lb.
RAISINS (price per 20-lb box): Clusters-
Imperial, J3; Dehesa, J2 50; fancy, Jl 75. Lon
don layers — Three.-crown, Jl 35; Two-crown,
$1 25. Price per lb: Standard loose Muscatels —
Four-crown, 4%c; Three-crown, 4%c; Two
crown. 3%c; Seedless Muscatels, 4Vic; Seed
less Sultanas. 5^jc; Thompson Seedless, 6%c.
Bleached Sultanas— Fancy, S%c: choice. 7V»c;
standard. 6Vfcc; prime, oifcc. Bleached Thomp
sons — Extra fancy, lie; fancy, 10c; choice, 9c;
standard, 7Vfcc; prime, 6^0.
NUTS— Walnuts, No. 1 softshell, 9^0; No. 2.
7%c; Na 1 hardshell, 9c; No. 2. 7c; Almonds.
13<ai4c for papershell. 10®llc for softshell and
5®6c for hardshell: Peanuts, 5@7o for Eastern;
Brazil Nuts, 12@12%c; Filberts, 12@12%c; p - e
cans, ll(5!13c: Cocoanuts, $3 50@5.
HONEY— Comb. 12@12^c for bright and 10®
HHc for light amber: water -white extracted.
:5®«c; light amber extracted, 4' / £@5c; dark, 4@
4Vic.
BEESWAX-25@28c per lb.
T"» " *
Provisions.
Cottolene has advanced %c. Hams, Bacon
and Lard are unchanged. The predicted ad
vance in Hams has been shut oil by the de
cline in Provisions at. Chicago, though that
market is steadier again now. Local dealers
report the market firm with a very fair
demand.
A dispatch to Bolton, de Ruyter & Co from
Chicago states that the decline in Lard exports
is startling. Those last week showed a falling
off of 10,000,000 Ib3 from the same week last
year.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 12^c per lb for
heavy. 12%@13c for light meaium. 14c for light,
15c for extra light and 16c for sugar-cured;
Eastern sugar-cured Hams. 14@14%c; California
Hams, 13^c; Mess Beef, $11 per barrel; extra
Mess, $12; Family. J12.50; Prime Mess Pork.
$15; extra clear, J23; Mess, J19; Smoked Beef,
14c per pourfd.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 7H@8c - per lb for
compound and 12c for pure; half -barrels, pure
12^c; 10-lb tins, 12%c; 5-lb tin, 12"fcc; 3-lb tins.
13c.
COTTOLENE-One half -barrel. 10?ic: three
half-barrels, 10%c: one tierce, 10%c; two tierces,
10c; five tierces, 9%c per lb.
Hides, Tallozv, Wool and Hops.
Wool !s in less demand, as buyers are'holdlng
off, but the market is flrmjy held. Prices are
unchanged.
Hops are quiet, as growers are holding very
firmly, and their views are above those ot
buyers. Prices show no further shading, how
ever.
According to the circular of W. B. Sumner &
Co salted Hides are firm and in good demand
and dry Hides also. Horse Hides are in
limited receipt and strong. Deerskins are In
short supply and wanted. Goat Skins art like
wise in demand. Sheepskins are selling freely
and Tallow is higher.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about lHc under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers.' lie: medium, 10c; light, 9c; Cow Hides
9^c for heavy and 9c for light; Stags. 7c; Salted
Kip. 9Hc; Salted Veal, 10c; Salted Calf io<&
10^c;Dry Hides. 16@16V 2 c; Culls. 14c; Dry' Kin
16c; Dry Calf, 18c; Culls and Brands. i£'
Sheepskins, shearlings, lGifTSOe each; short Wool'
40@60c each; medium. 50@75c; longr Wool 90eiri
$1 10 each; Horse Hides, salt, J2 50@2 73 ' for
large and $2@2 25 for medium, $1 75 for small
and 50c for Colts; Horse Hides, dry $i 75 tnr
large. $1 25@1 50 for medium. $1 25 for small
and 50c for Colts. Deerskins — Summer or red
skins, 35c; fall or medium skins, 30c; winter or
thin skins, 20c. Goatskins— Prime Angoras
75c; large and smooth, 50c; medium. 35c
TALLOW— Refined. 6%c; No. I rendered. 5©
5%c per lb: No. 2, 4<?j>4V4c: grease 3c .
WOOL— Spring, 1900 or 1901— Southern, defect-
NEW YORK. Oct. 8.— The conflicting or
varying movements of prices in the stock mar
ket to-day showed that speculative sentiment
was considerably unsettled. The impressive
buying of yesterday, which came from a few
concentrated sources, evidently made an im
pression on professional traders. They .were
inclined to take the view that the wavering
movement of the market yesterday was a cul
mination of" the downward movement, large
bear interests taking advantage of a raid on
leading stocks to cover their short contracts.
Influenced by this conviction there was a dis
position to cover short lines to-day. A drive
against Sugar and Brooklyn Transit after the
early . strength unsettled this conviction but
the bears had evidently lost their aggressive
spirit and did not pursue their advantage but
took occasion to cover their short lines again
Prices touched the highest late in the day,
but the situation once more overcame the specu
lators and prices sold off again, making the
closing easy. . The signs of an oversold condi
tion of the market were balanced against the
persisting doubts and dread that the money
market resources are not sufficient to save the
situation for the remaining period of interior
demands for currency. Back of this lies an
apprehension In some quarters that the present
reactionary tendency of the market may mark
a step in a prolonged downward movement
preliminary to a coming cycle of declining
trade and Industry, following the culmination
of the late period of prosperity. Even suppos
ing such a period has fairly set ln the normal
course of the decline is sure to be punctuated
by occasional upward reactions. Of special in
fluences at work to-day the publication of the
unfavorable August statement of earnings of
Brooklyn Transit was regarded as the culmina
tion of unfavorable conditions for that stock.
New York Stock Market.
PHILADELPHIA, Oct. 8.— The Earl Fruit
Company's prices for California fruit sold at
auction to-day are as ' follows: Grapes — To
kays, sincle . crates, $1@1 95, average $1 37;
Clusters, single crates, *2@2 35, average $2 26.
Onp car sold to-day. Weather favorable.
NEW YORK, Oct. 8.— The Earl Fruit Com
pany sold California fruit i at auction to-day
and the following prices were realized: Grapet
— Tokays, single crates, S0c@$l 63, average $1 12.
Peaches— Sal ways, boxes, 55ig:65c, average 56c.
Prunes— Italians, single crates, $1 loigl 30, av
erage Jl 24. Thirteen cars sold to-day.
Weather dry and cool.
BOSTON, Oct. 8.— The Earl Fruit Company
realized the following prices for California
fruit sold at auction to-day: Grapes — Tokays,
single crates, Jl 20@2 10, average $1 55. Peaches
— Crimeon Beauty, boxes, 65@75c, average 72c;
Sal way, boxes, 60@80c, average 71c; George's
, Late, boxes, 55@65c, average 59c. Five cars
sold to-day. "Weather favorable.
California Fruit Sales.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— Dec. March.
Opening 5 7% 6 8%
Closing 5 7 6 8Vi
, PARIS.
Wheat— / Oct. Jan.-Apr.
Opening .'.1 2120 22 25
Closing 2120 2115
Flour— \u25a0 • >
Opening 27 20 28 30
Closing 27 35 28 25
Dried Fruit in Nczv York. |
Late mail advices from New York say:
••Thare is no improvement in the California 1
situation on new raisins and practically no j
likelihood that there will be any change in j
the outlook before the end of the week at j
the earliett. One large local Jobber is under- j
etood to have secured a few cars of new goods ;
at the prices sent out from the ccast Saturday, j
but no others can be found who were as |
fortunate. At present it Is very doubtful if j
any orders placed even at the first low prices !
named on Friday would be confirmed. A coast j
dispatch states that leading growers are seek
ing an injunction to restrain the association I
and the i ackers lrom delivering raisins at the
prices named. The spot market is unchanged,
etocks bting very light and prices well main
tained. Several cars of new loose Muscatels,
outside roods, were received and met good de
mand at from 6\£.<a6\zC for 2-crown, 0%Q7c for
3-crown and 7%c for 4-crown. Quality was quite
good for early arrivals. Old seeded in cartons |
continue in food request at 7%@7%c. Layer j
Valencia*, new crop, are in good supply and \u25a0
trade is more active at 7c. Fanciest fruit is i
yuoted u:i to 7 1 .i@'7?ic.
•"Currants are steady and in good demand i
in a jobbing way at 6!jf6%c for Amalias. The
Manin's cargo was largely sold to arrive and
the *jusr.t;tv now offering is not heavy. The
Mellviiee. the second direct steamer from Pa- |
tras is expected early next week. The Greek j
market is reported unchanged. New figs are
dull. Layers are offered from 6S12%c, and j
60-tt) bags from <1&@HtC for prime to fine .
natural and 6c for extra fine. With cooler
weather demand would improve.
"Apricots are quiet. A little interest Is
noted in new peaches on spot, but buyers are
holding (»ff on offerings from California in hope
of lower prices. The coast market, however,
is firm. Evaporated anples are very quiet.
Raspberries ? re duI1 and easier. Other small
fruits are quiet but held firm.
"Trade in nuts shows good activity, filberts
and all descriptions of almonds being wanted.
New Ali.ante almonds, arrived per Manin, offer
at 2KSe for regular and ".lc for large selected
in -S-rb boxes. Mixed ruts, for October. No
vember or December delivery, sell at 10@10^c."
The Bank of California Meeting.
The thirty-seventh annual meetinsr of the
Bank of California was held yesterday. The
business during the year shows the largest
volume yet recorded, the cash movement ex
eeedins $1,000.00'}. 0C0. The income from interest
Is net quite up to the previous year, but there
v.as a larger revenue from exchange and a
considerable profit on bonds. The net earnings
were ever $100,000 in excess of the previous
year. Quarterly dividends of 4 per cent were
paid, making- 16 p*r cent for the year on the
paid-up capital of $2,000,000. The reserve fund
it $l.C«»,i»». same as last year, but the profit
and loss account is $2.S51.560. an increase of
$37,000 over the amount reported a year ago.
The balance sheet for October 1, 1301, is as
follows:
Assets —
Loans and discounts $10,665,41153
Bank premises 250,000 00
Other real estate 292,712 67
Letters of credit account 272,688 78
Other assets 11,085 Z2
Bonds and stocks 1.063,506 91
United States bonds 600,000 00
Due from banks 3.762.2S1 52
Money en hand 3,214,655 64
Total resources $20,141,342 57
Liabilities-
Capital raid in $2,000,000 00
Reserve fund 1,000,000 00
Profit and loss 2,851,860 11
Dividends unpaid' 2,208 00
Acceptances letters of credit 34?, 255 5S
Due depositors 11,320,175 63
Due banks 2,558,800 75
Other liabilities 60,011 50
Total liabilities $20,141,342 57
The average monthly cash movement for the
year was JS3.543,C.")2 9?. making a total for the
yfir of $1,<M2.E23.«X5 P5.
The total amount of exchange transactions for
the year wag $9S,H55,574 59.
The old board was re-elected with the excep
tion of George Whittell. who declined re-elec
tion. George E. Goodman of the J. H. Good
man & Co. Bank, Xapa, was substituted for
Mr.. Whittell. . The directors chosen are as fol
lows: William Alvord. James M. Allen, Wil
liam Baboock, Charles R. Bishop, Antoine
Bcrel. Adam Grant. H. H. Hewlett, Edward
W. Hopkins. John F. Merrill. Jacob Stern and
Gf-or^e EL Goodman.
The board re-elected the old officers as fol
lows: William Alvord. president; Charles R.
Bishop, vice president: Thomas Brown, cashier;
Irvinjr F. Mnulton Jr. and Sam H. Daniels,
assistant cashiers, and Allen M. Clay, secre
tary.
The Weather. and Crops.
The Weekly report of A. G. McAdle, section
director of the climate and crop service of
the weather bureau, is as follows:
GENERAL SUMMARY.
The temperature continued below normal dur
ing the first of the week, but warmer weather
prevailed toward the close. Light rain has
fallen in portions of the State, and there were
thunderstorms in many places on the 1st
and 2d.
Grain thrashing and hay baling are nearly
completed in all sections, and the heavy crops
are now being moved rapidly. There has been
l>ut little loss from the recent rains. Hops
are nearly all baled and under cover. Bean
harvert is progressing rapidly and at present
the prorpects are good for an unusually large
crop. Sugar beets are yielding a good crpp.
New grass and volunteer erain have made a
B^ood start since the rain. Irrigation water is
pkntiful.
Raisin making and fruit drying are in prog
rrys. Tbe&e crops were not seriously injured
by the rain, as ample warnings- had been given.
Apples are yielding excellent crops in all the
northern districts and in some places the yield
is reported the largest for five years. Citrus
fruits are in excellent condition; in Butte
County the orange croy will probably be. su
perior to that <jI last season, owine to the !
absence of severe winds. Walnuts are yield- ;
Ins well. .
• COAST AND BAY SECTIONS.— The weather
has been generally favorable for all late crops
and for fruit drying. Light showers at the
beginning of the week caused but little dam
age, but late grapes in some places have been
considerably injured by rain. There were
thunderstorms at Calistoira and other places
on the 1st. Bean harvest is progressing rapid
ly, and the yield ie resorted very heavy in
seme . sections. Hops' are mostly baled and
under cover; there is a large crop, excellent in
quaiity. Sugar beets are yielding a good crop.
Grain and hay are now moving rapidly, and
the greater part of these heavy crops will be
raved; there are daily shipments by steamer
from San. Luis Obispo. The correspondent at
Arroyo Grande estimates that the srain crop
in 6outheaptern San Luis Obispo County and
northern Santa Barbara County will be not
less than one million sacks of two bushels each.
New erass and volunteer grain have started
up finely. There •will be a heavy crop of winter
pineapple muskmelons at Calistoga. Grape
picking continues. Apples are yielding an ex
cellent croo in Sonoma County.
SACRAMENTO VALLEY.— The first part of
the week was cloudy, 'With light showers, and
the latter Part clear and warm. There was a
epvrre thunderstorm and heavy rain in portions
of Tehama County on the 2d. The rain has
caused .but little damage to cror>s. Plowing
Is progressing In some sections and Fumtner
fallow seeding has been quite extensive on the
bottom lands.. The train, hay and hop crops
are practically all Gathered and .under cover.
Mountain »applPs are abundant in the vicinity
of Red Bluff, and said to be the heaviest crop
tor five >-»<>««- Oranges and olives are doing
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — $4 84
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 86
Sterling Cables — 4 87%
New York Exchange, sight — 05'
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 07%
Silver, per -ounce — 57%
Mexican Dollars, nominal 47 — 47%
Wheat and Other Grains.
.WHEAT FREIGHTS — A ship has Just been
taken for Europe, usual options, at 36s 3d,
which is now the quotable rate. The chartered
wheat fleet ln port has- a registered tonnage of
84,820, against 47,180 tons on the same date last
year; uisengaged, 13,692 tons, against 1600; on
the way to this port, 180.340 tons, against 142,785.
WHEAT— Liverpool and Paris futures were
both higher. The visible supply of the world,
according to Bradstreet's, increased 1,748,000
bushels, as follows: East of the Rockies, an
increase of 2,348,000; Europe and afloat, a de
crease of 600,000.
Chicago was quiet' and featureless. There
were more sellers than buyers." Northwestern
receipts were 500 cars less than last week. Later
on the market became firmer and the shorts
were made nervous by reported buying for
French account. There was an urgent demand
for winter, but a poor demand for spring
wheat. The advance for the day was %c.
Conditions in the local maket remained about
the same, futures improving and shipping
grades standing unchanged.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, 95@96%c; milling, 98%c
@$1 02% per ctl.
,-' CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— No sales.
Second Session— 2000 ctls, 99c; 2000, 9S%c; 20,000,
98%c. May— 16,000. $1 03%.
Regular Morning Session— May— 6000 ctls, $1 04;
2000, $1 03%. December— 10,000, 99c.
Afternoon Session— No sales.
BARLEY— All buyers— shippers, brewers and
millers — seem to be out of the market now, and
trade Is practically at a standstill. Quotations
have shown no change for some time.
Feed, »72%@73%c for choice bright. 70@71%c
for No 1 and 67 1 />c for off grades; Brewing and
Shipping grades, 77%@82%c; Chevalier, 95c@
Jl 05 per ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— No sales.
Second Session — December— 4000 ctls. 69%c.
Regular Morning Session— No sales.
Afternoon Session— No sales.
OATS— The. market rules firm. The Govern
ment will probably take from 1000 to 1500 tons
and the Fueet Sound and Oregon markets are
both higher. The scarcity of Oats in the West
and Southwest this year has advanced the price
of Oatmeal there to a point where it cannot
be shipped to California, and as our usual lib
eral importations of this product are shut off
our local Oat market is naturally firm inde
pendent of the Government demands. Then, as
previously mentioned, the termination of the
strike has led to increased feeding of horses,
so the situation is strong all around. The
world's, visible supply, according to Brad-
Street's, decreased 1,139,000 bushels last week.
Grays, $1 10@l 20; whites, $1 10@l 30; black,
$1@1 15, and red, $1 05@l 20 per ctl.
CORN— Is quiet and unchanged in the West
and dull and nominal here. Offerings are In
significant and prices stand as before.
Eastern is quoted to arrive in bulk at $1 62%
for White, $1 52% for Yellow and $1 57%@1 60
for mixed. .
RYE — 75@77%c per ctl. The market continues
quiet.
BUCKWHEAT— Nominal; none in first hands.
. Flour and Millstuffs.
FLOUR— California Family Extras, $3 25@
3 50, usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $3 15@3 25;
Oregon. $2 50(g'2 75 per barrel for family and
$2 75@3 for bakers' ; Washington bakers', $2 75
©3.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade; Graham
Flour, $3 oer 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75; Rye
Meal. $2 50; Rice Flour, $7; Corn Meal, $3 25;
extra cream do, $4: Oat Groats. $5; Hominy, $4
@4 25; Buckwheat Flour, ?4@4 25; Cracked
Wheat, $3 50; Farina, $4 50; Whole . Wheat
Flour, $3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels), $6 85@8 35;
in sacks, $6 50<gS; Pearl Barley, $5; Split Peas,
?5; Green Peas, $6 50 per 100 lbs.
Hay and Feedstuffs.
Receipts of Hay fell off again, but those of
the preceding day were sufficient for two days,
hence the market showed no Improvement.
Bran and Middlings were easy at the de
cline already noted.
BRAN— $20@20 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $21 50@22 50 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley, $16@17 per
ton;. Oilcake Meal at the mill, $26; jobbing,
$26 50(327; Cocoanut Cake, $16 50@17 50; Corn
Meal, $34@34 50; Cracked Corn. $34 50@35; Mixed
Feed. $18(5)19.
HAY— Wheat, $7 50@10; Choice. $10 50@ll;
Wheat and Oat, $7 50@10 50; Oat, $7-50@9; Bar
ley and Oat, $6 50@8 50; Alfalfa, $8@10 50; Clo
ver. $5 50@7; Volunteer, $5@7; Stock, . $3@6 per
ton. ...
STRAW— 25@42%c per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
Beans continue very irregular and unsettled.
Some kinds, such as Pinks and Bayo3, are firm
enough, being well cleaned up, while the white
descriptions are weak and steadily declining.
Not for a long time has- the market been as
unsettled as at present.
CHICAGO, Oct. 8.— Wheat* was dull for the
first two hours' of trading, December opening
a shade to %@%c lower on indifferent cables.
The traders had expected a buoyant cable list
after yesterday's bulge. , and when they were
disappointed they began to feel the influence of
the bearish conditions that have prevailed for
the last week. ' December sold off early to 69%a ]
Then reports of buying for the outside account,
especially of May for the Northwest, coupled
with buying by prominent local bulls, . began
to frighten the shorts and a rise was the re
sult. Profit taking near the close eased De
cember and it closed firm at %c advance at
70%@70%c.
Corn was weaker at the opening, partly under
the lnliuence of prevailing expectation of a
free and- early movement of the new crop. The
dull trade and absence of any* considerable de
mand also had a depressing effect. December
closed weak, %c- depressed, at 56%c.
Oats had a dull and featureless market. De
cember closed unchanged at 3o?»c.
Provisions were dull and lower, Influenced
by a continued selling of the outside account
and' lower prices for \u25a0\u25a0 hogs. January pork
' closed .17%c lower, lard 12%c down and ribs
7%c depressed.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Article— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. Z—
October 67% 68% • 67% 68%
December 69% 70% 69% 70%
May 73% 73% 72% 73%
Corn No. 2—
October 55% 55% 55% 55%
December 57% 67% 56% 66%
May 68% 68% 5S% 58%
Oats No. 2 —
October 84%
December 35% 35% 35% 35%
May 37% 37% 37% 37%
Mess Pork, per barrel-
October 13 95 14 00 13 87% 13 95
January ..., 15 05 15 22% 15 05 15 15
May 15 20 15 35 15 20 15 25
Lard, per 100 pounds-
October 9 67% 9 70 9 62% 9 62%
November 9 50 9 50 9 40 9 42%
January 9 00 9 05 8 92% 8 95
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds-
May 9 00 9 05 8 95 8 97%
October 8 35 8 45 8 35 8 45
January 7 90 7 95 7 87% 7 92%
May 7 97% 8 02% 7 95 8 00
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour, easy;
No. 3 spring wheat, 66%@6Sc; No. 2 red, 70®
70%c; No. 2 oats, SS^igSe^ic; No. 2 white, 3S@
3S%c; No. 3 white. 37%@38%c; No. 2 rye, 55c:
fair to choice malting barley, 55@5Sc; No. 1
flaxseed, $1 46; No. 1 Northwestern. $1 48; prime
timothy seed, $5 40; mess pork, per barrel, $14S>
14 10; lard, per 100 pounds, $3 78@9 72; short-rib
sides (loose), $8 35<gS 55; dry salted shoulders
(boxed), $7 75@7 87%; short clear sides (boxed),
$S 90@9; whisky, basis of high wines, $1 30;
clover, contract grade, $8 35.
Articles — Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels '. 34,000 18,000
Wheat, bushels 251,000 107,000
Corn, bushels 300,000 ' 31,000
Oats, bushels 304.000 . 24,000
Rye. bushels 17,000 1,000
Barley, bushels 84,000 32,000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was steady; creamery. 14@21%c; dairy,
13(3>14c. Cheese, steady, 9%@10%c. Eggs,
steady, 17c.
Chicago Grain Market.
well; oranges will be of better quality than
last season's, owing to the absence of severe
winds. .
SAN JOAQUIN VALLEY.— Monday ? was
cloudy, with light rain, which did very little
damage to drying fruit, owing to timely warn
ings; the remainder of the week was clear
with pleasant days and cool nights. The con
ditions have not been very favorable for raisin
making, owing to the cool nights and heavy
dews. Large quantities of grapes are moving
to wineries. Two or three weeks of warm,
clear weather will cure the greater part of
the raisins now on the trays. The crop is
generally good. Prunes and peaches are about
all cured. An unusually large crop of hay has
been harvested and is now mostly under cover.
A good crop of sweet potatoes is being har
vested. In some portions of the valley plowing
and seeding grain are progressing, but gen
erally the ground is too dry. Feed and
are plentiful, and stock of all kinds is in
rood condition.
SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA.— The weather
has been generally clear and cool during the
week, and favorable for fruit drying, raisin
making and bean harvest. Beans were not
damaged by the rains of the preceding week I
and will yield a good crop. Harvesting and !
haying are completed. The hay crop is above
average. Barley is of rather poor quality, but
yielded a heavy crop. There are good crops
of corn and vesetables. Walnuts are heavier
than usual, indicating good quality. Apples
and pears are nearly all gathered and have
yielded good crops. Citrus fruits are doing
well.
EUREKA SUMMARY.— New grass is making
fine growth. Grapes and tomatoes were con
siderably damaged by rain. Apple gathering
is in progress. Some fall -plowing is being
done.
LOS ANGELES SUMMARY.— Weather is
favorable for crop gathering. Walnut picking
is in full blast; cood crop. Bean cutting and
beet hauling nearly ended; some beans being
thrashed. Orange crop well advanced; peaches
are nearly cone.
Weather Report.
(120th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 8-5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date as compared with those of the same date
last season and rainfalls in the last twenty
four hours:
Last This Last
Stations — 24 hours. Season. Season.
Eureka 4.29 , 2.65
Red Bluff 1.93 • 2.05
Sacramento 0.55 0.68
San Francisco 0.62 1.11
Fresno 0.57 0.43
Independence 0.77 0.83
San Luis Obispo 0.23 1.20
Los Angeles 0.12 Trace
San Diego 0.06 0.08 \u25a0
San Francisco data — Maximum temperature,
SO; minimum. 56; mean, 68.
The fcllowins- maximum and minimum tem
peratures were reported from Eastern stations:
Boston, 54-44; Cincinnati, 74-50; Washington,
62-3S; Jacksonville, 78-68; New York, 58-46; Kan
sas City. 74-62; Omaha. 70-56; Salt Lake City,
62-48: Duluth. 54-50; Chicago, 72-58; St. Louis
78-62: Philadelphia. 62-46.
THE COAST RECORD. ~
C3 S 2 D 03 m
3 SS 51 °3 f~ \
STATIONS. 3 !§"!!:$= So «
j; '. B : B a 3 3 £
'• : : • I £
Astoria 30.28 64 50 NW Pt.Cldy ..
Baker 30.20 58 44 N Pt.Cldy ..
Carson 30.04 76 48 NW Clear
Eureka 30.16 56 52 N Cloudy ..
Fresno 29.96 SS 54 NW Clear
Flagstaff 30.18 66 28 SW Cloudy
Pocatello, Idaho.. .30.08 62 52 W Cloudy ..
Independence 29.94 78 52 SE Clear ..,
Los Angeles 29.96 84 52 W Pt.Cldy ..
Phoenix 29.92 90 56 NW Clear
Portland 30:28 62 46 NW Clear
Red Bluff 29.98 88 56 E C'.ear
Roseburg 30.20 66 58 NW Clear
Sacramento 29.98 S6 64 NE Clear
Salt Lake 30.12 66 48 N Clear T.
San Francisco..:. ..30.02 80 56 W Clear
San Luis Obispo.. .30. 02 78 46 N Pt.Cldy ..
San Diego 29.98 68 S6 W Cloudy .,
Seattle 30.32 60 50 N Pt.Cldy .„
Spokane 30.10 62 42 W Clear
Xeah Bay 30.30 58 60 SW Clear
Walla Walla 30.20 66 R2 N Clear ..
Winnemucca 30.04 70 .38 W Cloudy ..
Yuma 29.S8 94 60 E Clear
Temperature. 7 a. m. — 60.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST. .
There has been but little change ln pressure
over the country west of the Rocky Mountains
during the past twenty-four hours. Warm
weather continues in the interior of California.
In the great .valleys the temperatures are from
7 to 13 degrees above the normal, with light
northerly winds, making excellent conditions
for raisins. Fos prevails along the coast.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight, October 9, 1901.
Northern California— Fair Wednesday, con
tinued warm weather in the interior, with light
northerly winds; foggy on the coast, with fre3h
westerly winds.
Southern California— Fair Wednesday, except
cloudy or foggy along the coast; continued
warm weather in the Interior, with northerly
winds; westerly winds on the coast.
Nevada— Fair Wednesday, continued warm
weather; light northwest winds.
San Francisco and vicinity— Fair Wednesday,
with fog ln the morning; light southerly
changing to briFk westerly, winds
ALEXANDER G. McADIE,
Forecast Official.
NEW YORK, Oct. 8.— FLOUR— Receipts.
26,148 barrels; exports, 4452 barrels; fairly active
and steady.
WHEAT— Receipts, 115,950 bushels;. spot, firm;
No. 2 red, 76%c f. o. b. afloat; No. 2 red, 75%c
elevator; No. 1 Northern Duluth, 76%c f. o. b. ,
afloat; No. 1 hard Duluth, 80%c f. o. b. afloat.
Options opened steady, but sold off under liquid
ation, disappointing English cables, small clear
ances and short selling. Later they turned
strong on outside buying, closing very firm and
%@%c net higher. May, 78 13-16@79%c, closed
79%c; October closed at 74%c; December, 75 1-16
@76%c, closed 76c. ,
'HOPS— Steady. State, common to choice. 1901
crop, 12@17%c; Pacific Coast, 1901 crop, 12@15%c.
HIDES— Steady.
WOOL-Quiet.
COFFEE— Spot Rio, steady; No. 7 invoice, 5%
@5%c; mild, steady; Cordova, 7%@llc. Coffee
futures closed steady, 5 points net higher. Sales,
25,100 bags, including: October, 5.05c; December,
5.15c; March, 5.45c; May, 5.60@5.65c; Septem
ber, 5.90c.
SUGAR— Raw, steady; fair refining, 8 5-16c;
centrifugal. 96 test, 3%c; molasses sugar, 3c; re
fined, steady. .
BUTTER-Receipts, 10,700 packages; steady;
State, creamery, 15@22c; fresh factory, 12%@15c.
; EGGS— Receipts. 14,100 packages; strong;
Western candled, 21@21V4c; uncandled, 17@21c.
DRIED FRUITS.
Demand for evaporated apples was a little
more active to-day, with outside orders for
choice grades in evidence. Values were well
held, but not quotably higher, with the feeling
<iuite firm.
State, common to good, 6@8c; prime, 8%@8%c;
choice, 9c; fancy, 9%@9%c.
California dried fruits were inactive but
steady. . \u25a0 -
PRUNES— 3%@7c
8%@12%c; Moorpark, S@
PEACHES— Peeled. ll@lSc; unpeeled, 6@9%c.
New York Grain and Produce.
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 8.— To-day's statement
of the Treasury balances shows: Available
cash balances. $172,068,806; gold, $100,932,811.
lve. 7 months, 7@Sc; Oregon Valley fine. liCT
15c; do, medium and coarse, U@13c; Oregon,
Eastern, choice, ll@13c; do, fair to good. 9@
lie; Nevada, 10@12c.
Fall— San Joaquin. 6V6®S%e; San Joaquia
Lambs', 7%@9c; Middle County, 8<g;i0c; North
ern Mountain, free, 9@llc; do, defective, S@9c;
Humboldt and Mendocino. ll@12c per Jb.
HOPS— 9@10c for fair and ll@14c per lb for
good to choice.
San Francisco Meat Market.
The local packers are again In the market foT
Hogs, receipts of which are now lighter. Prices
are unchanged. The packers say that the sick
ness among Hogs in the northern part of the
State has been very much exaggerated. . and
that more Hoes have been reported lost there
than can be found In the whole State. They
further say that they are not buying any Hogs
that are sick, or even in poor condition. a3 no
packer would be foolish enough to buy any
Hog that was likely to die on his hands, es
pecially when the margin of profit is so narrow
as at present.
Other meats remain about as before, the de
mand and supply about balancing.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF— 6@6»»e for 'Steers and 5®5%c per lb
for Cow3.
VEAL— Large, 7%@8%c; small, 8®9c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 6%@7c; Ewes, 6S6%c per
pound.
I^AMB— 7®8c per lb. »
PORK— Live Hogs. 230 lbs and under. 6c: over
230 lbs, 5%@5%c; feeders, ; sows, 20 per
cent oft; boars, 30 per cent oft, and stags. 4i)
per cent off from the above quotations; dressed
Hogs. 7%®9c
General Merchandise.
GRAIN BAGS — Calcutta Bags are lower and
almost wholly nominal, as the season's busi
ness Is over. Calcutta Grain Bags. 7c; local
make. *4c less than Calcuttas; Wool Bags.
32@35c; Fleece Twine. 7%@Sc; Fruit Bags. 5%®
6%c for cotton and 7@7%c for jute.
CANNED FRUITS— The California Fruit
Canners quote as follows, la 2%-lb tins: Ap
ples $1 15@1 55; Apricots. $1#1 50; Cherries,
black. $1 50@2; do, white, $1 50® 2; do. Royal
Anne $1 60®2 15; Peaches, yellow, {1 20<gl 65;
do, Lemon Cling, $1 30@l 75; Bartlett Pears.
$1 25® 1 75; Plums. 90c@*l 25; Nectarines, Jljj)
1 50; Muscat Grapes. 95c@$l 35; Quinces, $1 10f3>
1 55; Strawberries, $1 30@l 75; Raspberries. $1 ii
@2; Blackberries. $1 2C@1 60.
COAL— Wellington. $3 per ton; Southfield
Wellington. $9; Seattle, $7; Bryant. $6 50; Coca
Bay. {5 50; Wallsend. $3; Co-operative Wallsend.
i 19; Cumberland. $12 50 in bulk and $13 75 In
sacks: Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg. $15; Can
nel, $11 per ton; Coke, $15 per ton in bulk and
$17 in sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions. $S 45
per 2000 lbs and $.8 50 per ton, according to
brand.
CORDAGE— The local cordage company
quotes as follows: Pure Manila. 13%c per lb;
Sisal size, ll%c; Bale Rope, U@ll%c; Duplex,
10%c. Terms, 60 days, or 1% per cent cash dis
count. Lots of 10,000 lbs, lcr less.
PACIFIC CODFISH— Bundles, per lb, 4%c;
cases, regular. 5c; cases, extra large, 5%c;
cases. Eastern style, 6c; Boneless, 6c; "Nor
way," 6%c; "Narrow Gauge," 6%c; "Silver.
King," 7c; Blocks, 6%@7c: Tablets. 7%c; Mid
dles, "Golden State," 7c; Middles. "White
Seal," 8c; 5-lb boxes. Fancy Boneless, 9c: 2-lb
boxes, Fancy Boneless, 7 1 /2@Sc; Desiccated, per
dozen. 75c; Pickled Cod. barrels, each, $»;
Pickled Cod, half-barrels, each. $4.
COFFEE— C. E. Bickford's circular gives the
receipts at this port during the first nine
months of the year at 236,399 bags, against 1S2.
205 during the same time last year. The sales
from first hands were 170.894 bags, against L>9.
257. The stock in first hands October 1 was
68,219 bags, against 20,571 on the same date last
year. The world's visible supply October 1 was
9,820,801 bags, against 8,654,801. The circular
says:
"Quite an active business has been done both
locally and for overland shipment since our cir
cular of September 7. Medium grades, after
having been more or less neglected for quite
a long period, are beginning to attract buyers'
attention at present prices.
"The New York market, under very adverse
statistical conditions, remains firm at an ad
vance of Y$c during the pa3t month.
"Salvador has advanced %c. due to an active
local speculative demand and recent further ad
vances of this variety in Europe.
"To-day's first hand stock consists of 6582
bags Costa Rica, 290 Nicaragua, 6006 Salvador.
38.008 Guatemala, 300 Mexican and 2011 bags of
other kinds; in all 53,697 bags, as against 1S,5^O
bags the same time last year." .
r We quote market fairly active and about
steady as follows:
Costa Rica— 13®13%c for strictly prime to
fancy washed, 10%@ll%c for prime washed. 9.tp
9%c for good washed, 9%@U%c for good to
prime washed peaberry, S3i'S.9y.c for Tfair to
prime peaberry. 8@9%c for good to prime. :@Sc
for fair. 5%26%c for common to ordinary
Salvador— U@12%c for strictly prime washed.
S%@10%c for good to prime washed. 7V3 ( g8%c for
fair washed, 10@llc for good to prime washed
peaberry. 7%@8%c for good to prime semi
washed, 8@S%c for superior unwashed. 7»i'3So
for good green unwashed, 8%@9c for good to
superior unwashed peaberry, 5%'36%c for com
mon to ordinary.
Nicaragua— ll@13c for prime to. fancy washed.
8@10c for fair to strictly good washed. 7@7%c
for good to superior unwashed, 8%@S%c for*
good to prime unwashed peaberry.
Guatemala and Mexican— 10is@13c for prim*
to fancy washed. 8%<g9%c for strictly good
washed. 8<gS%c for good washed, 7@Sc for fair
washed. 6%S^7c for medium. 5@6>*c for inferior
to ordinary. 9@10%c for good to prime washed
peaberry. 8®9c for good to prime unwashed pea
berry, 7%@7%c for good to superior unwashed
LEATHER— Sole, heavy, 2S@32c per lb; Sola
Leather, medium, 26@20c; Sole Leather light
25@2Sc; Rough Leather, heavy. 27S2Sc; Rough.
Leather, light. 25@26c; Harness Leather, heavy
3S@39c for No. 1 and S0®33c for No. 2- Harness
Leather, medium. 30®37c; Harness Leather
light. 23@35c; Skirting, 36@40c; Collar Leather'
15@16c per foot; Kip. unfinished. 40@50c per lb :
Veal, finished. 16@17c per foot; Belt Knife
Splits. 14@16c; Rough Splits. 8@10c per lb
Jl^ptr^oTd 3 ™ 1 " 1 ' $C6@28 »" tOn; tICk -
OILS— California Castor Oil. in cases No 1.
•70c; pure, $1 20; Linseed Oil. in barrels' boiied
74c; raw. 72c; cases, 6c more; Lucol. 64c for
boiled and 62c for raw In barrels; Lard Oil
extra winter strained, barrels, 85c; cases 90c*
China Nut, 55@72c per gallon; pure Neatsfoot
in barrels, 70c; cases. 75c; Sperm pure 65c •
Whale Oil. natural white. 40@45c per gallon 1
Fish Oil. In barrels. 37%c; cases. 42V4c: Cocoa
nut Oil. barrels, 63%c for Ceylon and 58%c for
Australian.
COAL OIL— Water White Coal Oil, in bulk
13%c; Pearl Oil. in cases. 131,4c; Astral 19Vic-
Star, 13%c; Extra Star. 23V.c: Elaine. 244c :
Eocene. 21%c; deodorized stove Gasoline tii
bulk, 15c; In cases. 21c; Benzine, in bulk ' 14c
in cases. 20c; 86-degree Gasoline, in bulk* 20c*
in cases£26c.
TURPENTINE— 58c per gallon in cases and
52c In drums and iron barrels.
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead, 714®
8c per lb; White Lead. 7%@8c, according to
quantity. *
S -, A i£~,P; R J L ' $24 per ton ln large- sacks
and $25 oO In oWs. Liverpool. $21 23@22 for tha
J^-n^ft m tOr l0Wer Z™ de9 - Higgins'.
$27 DO'S 30 per ton.
QUICKSILVER-146 5(h@47 50 per flask for lo
cal use and $40@45 for export.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, per lb, in 100-lb bags:
Cubes, Crushed and Fine Crushed, 4 90c Pow
dered. 4.75c; Candy Granulated. 4.75c' Dry
Granulated. 4.63c; Confectioners' A. 4.85c- Fruit
Granulated. 4.65c; Beet Granulated (100-lb ba«t»
only). 4.45c; Magnolia A. 4.25c; Extra C. 4.15c;
Golden C. 4.0oc; D. 3.95c; barrels, 10c more;
half -barrels. 23c more; boxes. 50c more: 50-lb
bags. 10c more. No orders taken for less than
75 barrels or its equivalent. Dominos. half
barrels. 5.15c; boxes. 5.40c per lb. No order*
for Granulated will be taken that consist of
more than 50 per cent of Beet Sugar
LUMBER - Retail prices are as" follows:
Pine, ordinary sizes. $1S@19 50; extra sizes.
Redwood. $13^20; Lath. 4 feet $3 90S4- Ptck
ets. $13; Shingles. $2 for No. 1 and $1 75 for No.
2: Shakes. $13 for split and $14 for sawn; Rus
tic. $25<§:i. •
Receipts of Produce. ; '
FOR TUESDAY. OCTOBER 8.
Flour, qr sks 3,740'Straw. tons 3
Wheat, ctls 700 Onions, sks 1.075
Barley, ctls 23.940:Sugar. ctls 2.715'
5ats. ctls 683iPelts, bdls 354 \u25a0
Beans, sks 5.422 Hides, No ....'.... 331
Potatoes, sks 3,162 Lime, bbls lf>2 •
Bran, ska 325 Wool, sks 91
Mustard, sks 532 Wine, gals 53.300
Broom Corn. bdls. SOlBrandy. gals 3.400
Hops, bales ...... 15 Quicksilver, flsks. 43
Hay. tons 23S Leather, rolls .... 56
OREGON. ."\u25a0'.-,
Flour, qr sks 8.29SJ Potatoes, ska ..... 52t \u25a0
Oats, ctla 990IBran. sks 9C3
Contra Costa Water Co. has declared divi
dend . 193 of 42 cents per share.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Exchange and Silver unchanged.
Wheat futures improving. Shipping Wheat unchanged.
Barley buyers out of the market.
Oats in a very firm position.
Corn and Rye inactive and nominal.
Beans very unsettled and irregular.
Hay and Fccdstuffs shoiv less steadiness.
Potatoes and Onions easy.
Dealers continue to force up Butter and Eggs.
Raisins, Nuts and Dried Fruits quiet.
Cottolene advanced. Hams, Bacon and Lard unchanged.
Wool quieter. Hops firmly held, but not active.
Hog disease in the north said to be magnified.
Fresh Meats stand about as before.
Coffee fairly active and steady.
Grain Bags still lower and nominal.
Hides and Tallow very firiji.
Poultry in good supply and dull.
Local stocks and bonds strong.
The steadying of the raw copper market in
London seemed to affect Amalgamated Copper
favorably. There was "also a report of a set
tlement with contending Interests. The death
or the Ameer of Afghanistan was a depressing
lactor in the London market, which was re
flected here. Movements in the foreign markets
were decidedly confused. Consols dropped
sharply and the fall in sterling exchange at
both Berlin and Paris seemed to reflect some
withdrawal of capital from London, this in
spite of • repurchases for Paris account inj the
London stock market. Interest rates also de
clined in London, notwithstanding the install
ment of subscriptions due on the new consols
on Friday, which amounts to 123,000,000. Ster
ling exchange in New York continued firm,
which was probably the dominant influence in
the decline in money rates at London. The
recent reports of a coming increase in The
Atchison dividend rate persisted to-day, but
that stock showed less firmness than others in
the list and closed at a net decline. St. Paul
was conspicuously strong and there was a re
newed advance in the Vanderbilts. The late
reaction, however, was universal.
Railroad bonds shared in the irregularity of
stocks. Total sales J2.275.0OO.
United States bonds were all uncCihged . on
the last call.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Stock— Sales High Low Close
Atchison 52,600 77% 75% 76
Atchison Dfd 3,800 95% 94% 95%
Baltimore & Ohio.. 1,000 100 99 99
Baltimore & Ohio pfd -. 93
Canadian Pacific 1,500 108 107 107%
Canada Southern/ 1,800 82% 81 82%
Chesapeake & Ohio 3,000 44% 43% 44%
Chicago & Alton 1,300 36tf, 35% 36 '
Chicago & Alton pfd.... 400 77% 77 77%
Chicago, Ind & Louis... S0O 40% 3S% 40V*
Chgo, lui & Louis pfd.. 400 72% 72 72%
Chgo & Eastern 111 122
Chgo &. Great Western. 900 22% 21% 21%
Chgo & G W A pfd. 84
Chgo & G W B pfd 41
Chgro & Northwestern... 200 192 191 192
Chicago, R I & Pacific. 1,800 141% 139 139%
Chicago Term & Trans. 300 20% 20% . 20%
Chgo Term & Trans pfd 1,300 38% 38 38 Y*
C C C & St Louis 2,100 96»4 94% S6 l A
Colorado Southern ...... 800 13% 13% 13%
Colo Southern 1st pfd 53
Colo Southern 2d pfd 23
Delaware & Hudson.... 200 163% 162% 163
Del, Lack & West 219%
Denver & Rio Grande... 900 43% 43 42?s
Denver & R G pfd 200 ' 92 92 91
Erie 16,500 40% 39 39%
Erie 1st pfd 4,000 68% 68 6SV4
Erie 2d pfd ' 63U
Great Northern pfd 800 1S6 184%' 185
Hocking Valley 100 52 52 51%
Hocking Valley pfd 200 73% 73% 74
Illinois Central 300. 143% 143 143%
Iowa Central ..' 800 39 3S% 3S%
Iowa Central pfd 500 75 74 75
Lake Erie & Western... 3,400 69«. 64 67
Lake Erie & West pfd.. 100 12S 128 125
Louisville & Nashville.. 4,600 102% 101% 102%
Manhattan Elevated ... 15.800 119% 117% 118"%
Metropolitan St By..... 7,100 159V4 158% 15S
Mexican Central 200 22% 22V> 22%
Mexican National 4,500 14% 13 14V*
Minn & St Louis 200 105 104% 104
Missouri Pacific 1,500 95% 94 94
Mo, Kans & Texas 200 24% 24% 24%
Mo, Kans & Tex pfd... S0O 51 50 61
New Jersey Central 100 161 161 160
New York Central 5,700 156% 154% 155%
i Norfolk & Western 8,400 54% 53% 53%
Norfolk & Western pfd 88
Northern Pacific pfd.... 200 96 96 95Vi
Ontario & Western 1,400 32% 31% 32
Pennsylvania 7,100 144% 143 143%
Readin? 2,700 39% 38% 39
Reading 1st pfd 700 75% 74% 73
Reading 2d pfd 2.500 50% 49H 49%
St Louis & San Fran... 2,900 42% 40% 42
St Louis & S F 1st pfd 77-
St Louis & S F 2d pfd.. 300 67 65% 65%
St Louis Southwest3rn.. 100 28% 28% 27%
St Louis Southwstn pfd 800 59 68 5S%
St Paul 32,300 158 155% 156%
St Paul pfd 800 1S5% 184 184
Southern Pacific 19,400 56% 55% 65%
Southern Railway 12.100 32% 31% 31%
Southern Railway pfd... 2.800 \u25a0 86 84"/s 85%
Texas & Pacific 2,300 40% 33% 40
Toledo, St L & West " 20%
Toledo, St L & W pfd 35%
Union Pacific 26,600 '97 95% 96
Union Pacific pfd ' 87%
Wabash 4,500 20% 19% 19% !
Wabash pfd 4,200 37& 37 37%
Wheeling & Lake Erie 77
Wheeling & L E pfd 28
Wisconsin Central 410 • 21 20% .20%
Wisconsin Central pfd.. 300 ,:40H : 40 40%
Express Companies— \u25a0 \u25a0;' V ;'*':-'»
Adams ••• •••• 189
American 1SS
United States , 90.
Well Fargo "• ; .... 160
Miscellaneous
Amfflteamated Copper .. 7,200 87% 85% 85%
American C & F 3.700 25% 24% 25
American C & F pfd.... 600 81 SO 80%
American Linseed Oil — 15
American L O pfd 45-
Amer Smelting & Ref.. 5,200 40% 39% 40%
Amer S & F pfd 300 96% 95% 95%
Anaconda M Co ex div.. 2.700 35% 34 . 31%
Brooklyn Rapid Transit 47,000 58% 56% 67%
Colorado Fuel & Iron ,90
Consolidated Gas 2,500 215 213 214%
Continental Tobacco pfd 114
General Electric 200 250 249% 25»
Glucose Suear 1,900 46 44% 45%
Hocking Coal ' 400 16% 16% 16%
International Paper .. 21%
International Paper pfd 100 75% 75% 75%
International Power 1,100 88 87% 87%
Laclede Gas ...v 90
National Biscuits 40%
National Lead 19%
National Salt 200 33% 33% 32%
National Salt pfd 300 70 6S% 68
North American 100 1)1% 91% 92%
Pacific Coast 60
Pacific Mail 1.S0O 42% 41 42%
People's Gas 6.S00 104»4 102% 103%
Pressed Steel Car 200 38 38 38
Pressed Steel Car pfd 77
Pullman Palace Car 215
Republic Steel 400 14% 14% 14%
Republic Steel pfd 400 64% 64 64%
Sugar 36,200 116% 113 115
Tennessee Coal & Iron.. 2,400 59% 58 58
Union Bag & P Co 14Vi
Union Bag & P Co pfd 69
United States Leather.. 6,400 12% 11% 12
U S Leather pfd 600 79% -79 79%
United States Rubber... 500 14% 14 14%
U S Rubber pfd 48
United States Steel 21,700 42% 42 42%
U S Steel pfd 4.400 93 92% 92%
Western Union 1.100 90% 90% 90%
Total shares soldi 519,900
CLOSING BONDS.
7 6 ref 2s, reg 1C9 \ & X unified 4s. .101%
Do ref 2s, coup. 109 lex Cent 4s 84%
Do 3s, reg 107 1 / Do 1st inc ....... 30%
Do 3s, coupon... 108 Minn & St L 4s 103
Do new 4s, reg. .138% M. K & Tex 4s.... 98%
Do new 4s, coup.l38K Do 2ds 80>4
Do old 4s, reg. ..112 \* Y. Cent lsts 105%
Do old 4s, coup. 112 Do gen 5%s 109
Do 5s, reg 107'^. \ T J C Ken 5s 129
Do 5s, coupon 107'^ Mor Pac 4s 104%
Atch een 4s 102% Do 2s 72^4
Do adj 4s 97 Nor & W con 4s.. 101%
Bal & Ohio 4s 101% Read Gen 4a 95
Do 3%s 95% S L & I M con 5s.ll4%
Do conv 4s 105% St L & S F 4s 95
Can So 2ds 107 St Louis S lsts 97%
Central of Ga 5s... 106% Do 2ds 78%
Do 1st inc 73 S A & A Pass 4s.. 85
Ches & Ohio 4%s..lO6% So Pacific 4s.. 91%
Chi & Alton 3%s.. 84% 5o Railway 5s 117
C. B & Q new 4s.. 97 Tex & Pac lsts 119 •
C, M & 8 P Ken Vis. 110% T, St L £.W 4s... 81
C & N con 7s 140 Union Pacific 4s... 105
C, R I & Pac 4s. ..106 Do conv 4s 106
?. C, C & S Lgn4s.lO3 Wabash lsts 119%
Chi Term 4s 93 Do 2ds 110
Colo & So 4s SS Do deb B 58%
Den & R G 4s 101% West Shore 4s 112%
Erie orlor Hen 4s. 97% W & I. Erie 4s 90
Erie Gen 4s 87% Con Tobacco 4s.... 64
F W & D C lsts. -.102 Wis Cent 4s 88
Hock Valley 4V4s..lO6%
MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 20, Little Chief 12
Alice 50,Ontario 10 75
Breece 1 40,Ophir 70
Brunswick Con 06 Phoenix 07
Comstock Tunnel.. 04 Potosi 04
Con Cal & Va.... 1 65 Savage 09
Deadwood Terra... 50 Sierra Nevada 16
Horn Silver 1 90 Small Hopes ......< 40
Iron Silver 58 .Standard 3 35
Leadville Con 06 1
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— r; Union Pacific 96%
Call loans 3%@4% West End 93%
Time loans ...C4 @5 Westing Elect 69%
Stocks — Bonds —
A, T & St Fe 76 Atchison 4s lOOVi
Do nrefd 95% N E G & C 5s... 51
imer Sugar 115 Minins Shares —
Amer Telephone. ...156% Adventure 22%
Boston & Albany. .257 Blngham Min Co.. 29
Boston Elevated 169 Amal Copper 86
Boston & Maine. ..192 Atlantic 31
Dominion Coal 44% Calumet & Hecla..650
Do prefd .... 116% Centennial 20%
U S Steel 42% Franklin lfi%
Do prefd 92%'Humboldt ..: 25
Fitchburg prefd....l43 Osceola .". 96
Gen Electric 249% Parrot 40
Mex Central 22% Quincy 160
N E G & Coke 5%|Tamarack 2S5
Old Colony 206V4iUtah Mining 23%
Old Dominion .... 26% Winona 2%
Rubber 14 Wolverines ... ..'... 57%
London Market. \ . -
NEW YORK, Oct. 8.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
The stock market to-day had a ' gloomy open
ing.' the death of the Ameer of Afghanistan
suggesting Russian complications to the over
strung markers. The trade returns, too, are
disliked, but the finish was more cheerful. Itio
Tintos began Very flat on the news of yester
day's unsettled Boerse, which the gale de
layed. This was offset by a recovery In Amal
gamated Copper. Paris offered the stock . heav
ily, but London readily absorbed it. New York
also came ' as a buyer. : The close was firm at
46%.
American stocks soon recovered after the de
pression over the Ameer's death had worn out.
NEW YORK, Oct. 8.— Money on call is steady
at 3@4 per cent; last loan, 3 per cent; ruling
rate, 3% »er cent.
Prime mercantile paper— 4%@5^ per cent.
Sterling exchange is firm at a decline, with
actual business in bankers' bills at $4 85-%@
4 85% .for demand and at $4 83%@4 83?i for sixty
days.
Posted rates—?* 84% and $4 86%.
Commercial bills— J4 86@4 86%.
Bar silver, steady, 67%c.
Mexican dollars— 45%c.
Bonds — Governments, steady; States, inactive;
railroads--, firm.
Nezv York Money Market.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
LONDON. Oct. 8.— Anaconda, 1M ; Atchison.
78%; do preferred, 98; Canadian Pacific. 110%;
Rio Grande. 44V^; do preferred, 93%; Northern
Pacific preferred. 98^; Southern Pacific, 57&;
Union Pacific. 98%; do preferred 90. Bar sliver,
weak, 22 ll-16d per ounce. Money, 1@1V4 per
cent.
and business was. distinctly brisker. There was
a steady improvement throughout the list.
Union Pacific and Atchison were the favorites.
Money ruled steady, discounts being 2 1 /8 per
cent.
CLOSING.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 9, 1901.
10
AUCTION SALES
SALE £»
At Arcade Stables. 827 Sixth St.. WEDNES-
DAY, Oct. 9, at 11 a. m., of Horses, "Wagons,
Harness, etc. JOHN J. DOYLE. Auctioneer.FIVE OF THE PRINCIPALS IN THE MOST RECENT WEDDINGS THAT HAVE TAKEN PLACE IN SOCIETY'S
REALM ACROSS THE BAY, WHERE CUPID IS EVER PRACTICING HIS SLY ART AND BRINGING FOND
HEARTS TOGETHER AT THE HYMENEAL ALTAR.
PETITION IN INSOLVENCY.— R. E. Parr,
manufacturer's agent of Alameda. filed a peti
tion in Insolvency yesterday In the United
States District Court. He owes $2107 and has no
aseets.
Injured. WMle Diving.
George .Sorensen, a well-known swim
mer, received two bad fractures of his
left arm yesterday while diving in Sut
ro's baths. Professor KiUlen set the frac
tures and Sorensen was removed to his
home. . ' :
When a poet Is sick his physician should
give him a composing draught.
Mary Berry Nichols.
NEW YORK, Oct. 8.— Mary Berry
Nichols, an old-time actress, Is dead at
Weston, Conn., aged 67 years. For nearly
sixty years she had been a member of the
theatrical profession. In, the course of
her career she appeared In support of Ed
win Forrest, the Booths, Barry Sullivan,
Charlotte Cushman and Mary Anderson
and had been a member of stock com
panies in many; cities.-; ,
Resolved, That as young Americans we will
cherish the memory of our late beloved Presi
dent and etrlve to emulate his example.
The resolutions closed with an expres
sion of sympathy for Mrs. McKinley.
A short literary programme followed. A
sum of money was contributed to the Mc-
Kinley memorial fund.
Whereas, our beloved and honored late Presi
dent was eminently deservlnu of such reverence
and respect; therefore, we, members of the Val
entine Holt Society, C. of T. A. R., of San
Francisco, deeply deplore the cowardly assault
which plunged the entire American nation in
mourning, and believe . that immediate steps
should be taken to repress the spirit of anarchy
in our land that no repetition of this dreadful
calamity shall occur.
\u25a0Whereas the President of these United States
\u25a0was etrlck'en by the hand of a cowardly assas-
Ein while In the act o£ offering a friendly hand
clasp; and
Whereas, we boys and girls of the republic
believe that the father of our big family of
States should command the same love, rever
ence and respect which we render our parents;
and
The fire of patriotism was glowing yes
terday at the meeting of Valentine Holt
Society, Children of the American Revo
lution, held In the home of Mrs. C. F.
Sommer at the Presidio. Twenty-five
happy children responded to rollcall with
patriotic Quotations, followed by the sa
lute to the nag and the singing of the
"Star-spangled Banner."
Leland Llewellyn, son of George B. Carr
of this city. In the fifth generation of one
of the Massachusetts revolutionary he
roes, offered the following resolutions in
memory of the late President McKlnley,
and they were adopted. by a rising vote:
Patriotic Children.
Otto W. Chonette, a carpenter living at
1319B Pine street, lost his balance while
going up a stationary ladder in the rear
of 411 Leaver.v.orth street yesterday and
fell a distance of fifty feet. In the fall he
turned a complf-te somersault, landing on
his feet, fracturing the bones of both legs
between the knees and ankles. He also
received interral injuries which may
prove fatal.
Carpenter Falls Fifty Feet.
The E. E. Schmitz Union Labor. Club
of the Thirty-first District was organized
last evening at 211 Ninth street, William
Reed acting as chairman, J. J. Small sec
retary and Robert Featz \sergeant-at
arms. Forty-seven members signed the
roll. Addresses were made by M. W.
Dwyer and Robert Robinson.
The Twenty-ninth District Labor Club
organized last evening and elected the fol
lowing officers: James Demalder, presi
dent; James Fltzpatrick, vice president;
"William I. Mlndham, secretary; James
Kingsley, sergeant-at-arms. The next
meeting will bo held Thursday evening at
311 Fourth street.
\u25a0Union Labor Clubs Organize.
nent families In Oakland were
united. The bride, a charming girl of the
blonde type, is the eldest daughter of
Charles E. Palmer, cashier of the Union
National Bank. The groom Is in business
with his father, George H. Wheaton. the
well-known commission merchant of San
Francisco, and is a popular member of
several of the principal clubs on both
Bides of the bay. -- He is also an ardent
golf player and a talented musician. Mr.
Wheaton is a grandson of one of the best
known journalists in the State, B. F. Ster
ett, who was one of the founders of the
San Francisco Bulletin, the old Alta. Cali
fornia and The Call.
The wedding, which took place this
evening at the Jackson-street home v of the
bride's parents, was. one of the very
pretty events of the season. The decora
tions, which were placed under the direc
tion of Mrs. Woodworth, were unusually
artistic; bamboo, long- fern plumes and
huckleberry foliage forming an effective
background for a lavish arrangement of
pink gladiolus and amaryllis. Tall bam
boo branches were arranged to form a
bower lined with pink Duchess roses,
while overhead a great true-love knot of
white tulle held in place a large bell of
the same filmy material.
Here the bridal party stood while the
Rev. Robert Ritchie, rector of St. Paul's
Episcopal Church, read the solemn mar
riage service. ,
The bride wore an elegant gown of
heavy white satin, the. long train being
outlined with a drapery of tulle and or
ange blossoms. The bodice showed a
berthe effect in rare lace. The tulle veil
was quite long and the shower bouquet
was of lilies of the valley.
The bride's only attendant was her
sister, Miss Bessie Palmer, who was
gowned in pink liberty silk over pink
taffeta and carled Bridesmaid roses. Rob
ert M. Fitzgerald- of San Francisco was
best man. Little Elizabeth Adams, a
niece of the groom, preceded the bridal
OAKLAND, Oct. 8.— By the mar
riage of Miss Ida Belle Palmer
and George Sterett Wheaton this
evening two of the most promi-
The French bark Duplelx was damaged
in a collision last •week, according to a
dispatch to the Merchants' Exchange yes
terday. She left here on May 1 with 69,993
centals of wheat, valued at $70,800, and
evidently made a fair run, as she put into
St. Nazaire. France, yesterday. The dis
patch does not say with what she was
in collision nor the nature of the damage.
It states, howRver, that the cargo is prob
ably not damaged and the vessel will pro
ceed to England. The cargo was shipped
here by E. C- Evans.
The bride's gown was an elaborate crea
tion in organdie, trimmed with innumer
able small tucks, with Insertions of lace
and baby ribbon. A berthe of chiffon and
lace finished the corsage. A veil waa
worn and the only ornament was the gift
of the groom, a sunburst pin of diamonds
and pearls. The shower bouquet was of
Bride roeea and tulle.
The matron of honor, tha bride's sister,
Mrs. J. A. Bittel of San Francisco, was
.attired in white organdie over white taf
feta and carried pink Bridesmaid roses.
Damaged in a Collision.
Miss Stella ' V. Meade, formerly of
Fresno, and Russell R. Stedman of thl3
city were married this evening in East
Oakland in the Church of the Advent the
Rev. William Carson Shaw officiating.
Tha decorations of the church were in
white and green.
Mr. Wheaton and his bride expect to
be away on their wedding tour at least a
month and on their return will reside in
the pretty Lakeside residence known, as
the Bugbee cottage, which has been reno
vated and furnished for their occupancy.
About 125 guests were present, the num
ber being limited to relatives and very old
friends of the two families.
procession, attired in a dainty frock of
white orgrandie and lace, and carrying a
basket of Cecil Bruner roses and orange
blossoms, with which she made a path of
flowers for the bride.
Mrs. Palmer, mother of the bride, wore
a handsome dress of pale violet silk. Mrs.
Wheaton, the groom's mother, was most
becomingly gowned in white lace, made
over white silk.
AJfter congratulations the guests re
paired to the beautifully decorated
marquee on the lawn, where tables had
been arranged for the wedding supper.
The tent was brightly illuminated with
pink Japanese lanterns and rose-shaded
gas jets, the flpral decorations being in
pink, with an ' artistic arrangement of
foliage, ferns and autumn leaves. At the
bride's table were seated, besides the
bridal party, the following named:
Miss CoraJle Selby, MIbs Ella Sterett, Miss
Bernlce Landers, Miss Floretta Elmore, Miss
Elsie Cooke. Miss Hess Prlngle, Miss Mamie
Stubbs, Miss Ethel Klttrldge. and Messrs. Sam
Bell McKee, Harry Jenkins. Silas Palmer. Sid
ney Prlngle. Dr. Gibbons, Arthur Goodall, E.
C. Sessions Jr. and Samuel Pond.
The profits of the big project are to be
estimated as closely as possible, and if
they be inviting the trust company is
ready to begin immediately.
Between Redding and Red Bluff
stretches thirty-five miles of land which,
though not all valuable, will under irri
gation grow almost everything. Strayer' s
Idea is to procure as much of this land as
possible and bring water upon it by a
large ditch taking its supply from the
Sacramento River at this city. The.
topography favors its construction. The
land would be subdivided into small hold
ings and families brought from the East
to farm it.
As an additional inducement to home
seekers, Strayer plans an electric railway
giving easy access and ready means of
transportation. An important feature of
this road would be that it would give the
rapidly expanding city of Redding con
nection with the head of navigation on
the river.
REDDING, Oct. 8.— A great trust com
pany is making investigations regarding
the largest Improvement project yet un
dertaken in Northern California. It em
braces the acquiring of all the rich bot
tom lands between Redding and Red
Bluff, the digging of a great irrigating
canal between the two towns and the
paralleling of the canal with an electric
railroad. The company having this scheme
in mirid has been forced to the Paciflc
Coast to find large investments for its
surplus and Is attracted here by the min
ing activity of Shasta County. Its repre
sentative, J. N. Strayer, has made a brief
visit to Redding and arranged with agents
for procuring all the data necessary to
determine the feasibility of the scheme.
Special Dispatch to The Call,
The members of the Camera Club "are
busily engaged in making preparations for
th^ novel task which they have set for
themselves cf photographing- the whole of
fian Francisco in a single day, Saturday,
Oct. IS. To expedite the work the city has
been divided into districts. The water
front. Chinatown, the markets, theaters,
historical buildings and scenes of life In
various parts of the city will be photo
graphed that eventful day.
At the regular monthly meeting of the
California Camera Club held last night
the members and their guests were pleas
antly entertained with an exhibition of
slides of views along the route from New
Orleans to San Francisco. Mrs. Edward
H. Kemp, to whom the slides belong,
gave a vivid description of the various
scenes.
From New Orleans.
Mrs. Edward H. Kemp Gives Exhibi
tion of Slides Taken on Trip
CAMESA CLUB MEMBEES
TO PHOTOGRAPH CITY
Waterway May Connect
Red Bluff and Red
ding.
PLANS A GREAT
CANAL PROJECT
In the event of a Grand Jury investiga
tion Saloon-keeper Solari will find him
self In an awkward position, being com
pelled, if called upon to testify against
Newell, to confess himself a bribe giver.
In that connection Councilman Cuvelller
has opened a fight In the City Council
against the granting of Solari's applica
tion for a liquor license. The petition,
which was recommended by the Munici
pal License Committee, of which Council
man Boyer is chairman, was laid over at
the Council meeting last night. It was
then said that there would be an investi
gation of the charge of bribery- Newell's
action to-day eliminates him from the
case so far as the Mayor is concerned,
but the Council has not yet done with So
larl'e application.
James W. BaTIard. formerly County Li
cense Collector, now in the liquor busi
ness on Broadway, is a candidate for
Newell's position.
I have no statement to make. See the Mayor.
After leaving the Mayor's office Newell
declined to supplement his resignation
with any explanations. He said:
No Statement From Newell.
I simply told Mr. Xevrell what were the cir
cumstant-es of the care as reported to me,
and he made some explanations which might
or might not tend to explain.
1 told him that Solarl had flatly accused him
of exacting money, and that there were wit
nesses who would give testimony tending to
corroborate the charge. Under the circum
stances I decided that Newell must resign or
be removed. Ke decided to resign and that set
tles it to far as I am concerned. If the Grand
Jury desires to investigate the matter, that Is
not within my province. It is up to Solari
v.ovr, so far as further action Is concerned. I
have done.
The resignation followed immediately
upon the conclusion of a conference be
tween Xewell and the Mayor at the City
Hall this afternoon, the suspended in
spector having, after four days' delay,
gone to talk over matters with Mayor
Warsto'w. Newell was advised— in fact
his friends demanded last night— that he
make a statement to the Mayor, even if
he did. not desire to make a public expla
nation of his lealings with Saloon-keeper
Solarl, who charged him with extortion.
Before Newell met the Mayor this after
noon Couneilm^n Fitzgerald, the former
inspector's sponsor, visited his honor,
and was shown the evidence which the
police had gathered iri the matter. Fitz
perald left the office and an hour later
Newell arrived to make his showing.
Mayor Barstow said to an interviewer:
Hon. Anson Barstow, Mayor of the City of
Oakland— Dear Sir: Learning that certain com
plaints have been made against me regarding
my official action, I desire to emphatically deny
the truth of said assertions, but for the sake
cf the peace and harmony in your able ad
ministration, and not desiring to obstruct same
in any way or manner, I hereby tender my
resignation as License Inspector, to take effect
from date hereof. Fully appreciating all your
kindnees to me. I am, Tours respectfully.
TIMOTHY J. NEWELI*
Talks With Mayor First.
The document by which Newell volun
tarily severed his connection with the
municipal government reads as follows:
OAKLAND, Cal.. October 1 8, 1901.
It Is left for the Grand Jury to uncover
the facts connected with • the accusation
of bribery against License Inspector Tim
othy J. Newell. Without demanding offi
cial inquiry or public Investigation con
cerning the serious charge, Newell, who
had been suspended, .stepped out of his
position to-day, his resignation being
handed to Mayor Barstow.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Oct. 8.
The examination of the physician occu
pied all the afternoon and will be con
tinued to-morrow morning.
"They indicate a hyper-sensitive condi
tion of the bram due to excessive drink."
"I think his condition was an unnatural
or.e for him. He had been addicted to
drink so long: that he was not in a natural
state unless he was intoxicated."
"What do you think these illusions and
hallucinations that are spoken of here
sr.ean?"
District Attorney Allen asked the wit
ness In cross-examination what effect the
continued use of alcoholic liquors had on
a human being.
"It first acts on the brain," was the re
ply. "It produces gradual changes In the
brain structure that finally result in im
pairing the faculties. The liquor acts by
absorption and reaches the brain through
the blood. It disturbs the equilibrium."
"What do you think Adams' condition
was during his periods of sobriety?"
r.e never would have done if he had been
Rar.e. He thought he was being attacked
by demons and he was so frightened at
one time that rls hair siood on end. One
of the Episcopal clergy here testified that
he eang in an upstairs room in his night
clothes while the family was at breakfast
and another said he drove around the city
In a sulky, arrayed in a long coat and silk
hat. His daughter tells how he crawled
about his home on all fours, barking like
a dog.
"Now, all these things taken in connec
tion with the raan's uncle's insanity, tend
to show that he was unbalanced — they are
not things that a well-balanced man of
the cloth would do. Taking into consid
eration Adams' career, the fact that his
brain and body were subjected to a con
stant drain, that his will power had about
become exhausted, that he suffered a
series of attacks of delirium tremens and
that his periods of sobriety were few, I
should say that his mind had been de
ranged to such an extent that he had no
command over his faculties and that he
had no realization of the nature of his
crime when he ehot Dr. Jeseup. In other
words, he was insane when he shot Dr.
Jeesup."
Drunkenness His Natural State.
"One of the results of his habits was to
rnake him have Illusions and hallucina
tions. He frequently mistook his wife for
his daughter and his daughter for his
wife. Alter hia wife was aead he called
his daughter by the wife's name, having
The Illusion that she was still living. He
pushed his daughter downstairs— a thing
Illusions and Hallucinations.
"I base my opinion upon the ancestry
of the man, his history as related by his
daughter and his excessive drivking hab
its. 1 find upon reviewing his liie that
when he entered the ministry he was well
c-ducated and full of zeal lor his work.
Within a few years he had become ad
dicted to drink. He exhibited unusual
Bymptoms, at times being very excitable
and at others morose and drowsy. He
frequently ha<l delirium tremens, which
certainly had their effect in destroying his
faculties and intellect.
Attorney Church, for the defense,
broached the subject of Adams' sanity by
reading to Dr. Hatch an extended hypo
thetical question, dealing with Adams'
heredity, his excessive use of intoxicating
liquors, his habits, his inebriety and all
his actions prior to the shooting, to
which the witness replied that in his opin
ion the person described must have been
insane and wholly incapable of appreciat
ing the enormity of his crime.
"Will you please explain why you think
so, doctor?" asked the attorney, and Dr.
Hatch replied:
Expert testimony, designed to establish
;he theory th;it Charles G. Adams was
:nsane at the time he shot Dr. John G.
Jessup was introduced %y the defense to
day in Adams' trial for murder. Dr. F.
W. Hatch, president of the State Board
of Lunacy Commissioners, taking the wit
ness chair and asserting his belief in the
irresponsibility of the accused when ho
fired the fatal shot." Dr. Hatch has been
a spectator of the proceedings of the trial
eince it began and his opinion as to Ad
ams' sanity is based upon the testimony
of the several witnesses who reviewed
events in the lif? of the accused man, and
a personal examination of him since his
incarceration in the County Jail.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Oct. 8.
Denies Bribery, but Makes No
Public Statement of
the Case.'
Says Alcoholic Stimulants
Affected Ex-Minister's
Mind.
License Inspector Takes
Alternative Offered
by Mayor.
Dr. F. W. Hatch Gives
Expert Testimony for
Defense.
NEWELL HANDS
IN RESIGNATION
THINKS ADAMS
WAS INSANE
"William Hamilton tiled a suit against
the Martel Power Company yesterday for
$25,000 damages for injuries which he al
leges he received at 149 Fremont street
while operating an elevator.
Asks Damages for Personal Injuries.
SAN JOSE, Oct. 8.— Frank Cashner, who
stole a bicycle here a few weeks agro, was
to-day sentenced by Judge Lorigan to two
years, in* San Quentin. Cashner was for
merly engaged in the insurance business
in Oakland - and acquired some notoriety
a few months ago when he was stabbed
in an affray with an official superior.
Bicycle Thief's Hard Luck.
OAKLAND, Oct. 8.— Licenses to marry
were issued to-day to George A. Alexan
der, over 21 years, and Estelle WInsboro,
over 21, both of Oakland; John'M. Men
dell, 24, Oakland, and WlldUuM; Zuver,
23, Hay wards; Henry A. Duffleld, 29,
Fresno, and Mary Sperry, 27, San Fran
cisco. .
Licensed to Harry.
The city is entitled to possession of this
property, and possession should be taken. Al
though the decision referred to Implies in
terms only to the land actually involved in
the suit, the construction of the law thereby
established shows the city to be entitled to
recover other and additional land not included
In the suit, namely, all the land southwest
of Ninth straet within the exterior boundaries
of Channel street, aa delineated on the Van
Ness m&D, a« thesa boundaries are defined in
that case. I therefore advise that all the land
within the tract Just described be taken Into
possession of the city and that any and all
persons now attempting to maintain posses
sion thereof be requested to surrender posses
sion, and If any refuse that you authorize me
to bring suit asainst them in the city's be
half to eject them and quiet the city's title to
the premises. \u25a0
City Attorney Lane advised the Board
of Supervisors yesterday that . the Su
preme Court in the case of the city of San
Francisco against John Center et al. had
Just confirmed the right ©f the city and
county to all the land heretofore claimed
by the LeRoys, which lay in the bed of
the old Mission Creek and within the lines
of Channel street as delineated on the Van
Ness map. The tract consists of a con
siderable number of acres and lies be
tween what are now called Eleventh and
Fourteenth streets. Lane says In his com
munication:
Trespassers on Channel Street, Be-
tween Ninth and Fourteenth,
\u25a0Will Be Ejected.
CITY IS ENTITLED TO
POSSESSION" OF T.ATTPS
An Interesting lecture on the subject.
"Chemistry of Light," was delivered at
the Hopkins Institute of Art yesterday by
Edward Booth, professor of chemistry at
the State University. Professor Booth
explained the light and heat principles,
and gave practical illustrations in the
shape of many experiments. Consider
able time was devoted to an explanation
of the effect of light in photography, and
of the development of that art since the
time of Daguerre. The subject of spec
trum analysis will be treated at the next
lecture.
Lecture on Chemistry o£ Light.
Jerry J. Sullivan (owner) with G. J. Doer
ing (contractor), architect owner — All work for
a lH-story frame building on lot on SW cor
ner of Frederick street and De Long avenue:
$3050.
Carl Muller (owner) with Carl N. P. Ahl
gren (contractor), , architect August Nor'din—
All work exceDt mantels, shades and gas fix
tures for a 2-story and basement frame build
ing (flats) on lot. on XV line of Cole street,
100 S of Frederick.' S 25 by XV 107:6; W3B9.
Theodor Blnner (owner) with Joseph Bucher
(contractor), architect — - All work for a 3
story frame building on lot on S line of Four
teenth street. 130 W of Valencia, "W 25 by S
ISO; J5850.'
Builders' Contracts.
ALAMEDA. Oct. 8.— At noon to-day
Miss Rose W. Roesch and Gustave A
NIssen were joined in wedlock at the
home of the bride's parents, Mr. and Mrs
Charles R. Roesch. 505 Pacific avenue
Rev. Frank S. Brush of the First Presby
terian Church officiated. The bride was
attended by her sister. Miss Eva, as
bridesmaid, and another sister. Miss
Louisa, as maid of honor. She was at
tired in a gown of white silk mull over
white silk and wore a tulle veil, caught
with an orange blossom spray. Her bou
quet was one of Bride roses. Jonathan
Floyd supported the groom. Mr. and Mrs
Nissen will reside here, the groom being
employed in the postoffice.
Miss Mabel Trcth«>way became the bride
of "William Isidore Macdonald this even
ing at the home of the bride's parents,
Mr. and Mrs. F. Tretheway, at 1120 Tenth
avenue. The wedding was a home affair
and was attended by only a few of the
many friends of the couple. /
The Tretheway home was decorated in
pink and green, and with the bright light
ing made a pretty appearance. The Rev
XV. H. Frazer of the Brooklyn Presby
terian Church performed the ceremony
The bridesmaids were Miss Evelyn Bunt
ing. Miss Elsie Macdonald, Miss Adelaide
Resseguie and Miss Blanche Morse. Miss
Edna Tretheway, the sister of the bride
was maid of honor. Seth Talcott, a close
friend of the groom, was best man.
The bride is a graduate of the Oakland
High School, class of 1899, and has many
friends in Oakland. She possesses mus
ical ability that has given her no little
local reputation. Mr. Macdonald is a
graduate of the State University and is
in business In San Francisco.
The groom is a well-known young news
paper man, connected with the business
department of a local newspaper. He has
many friends in Oakland.
On their return from a short honeymoon
at Del Monte the young couple will reside
at the Hotel Crellln.
She wore a large white hat of panne vel
vet, trimmed with ostrich plumes.
J. Cal Ewing attended the groom and
the ushers were: J. A. Bittel, Harry
Bridgeman, Harry Keeler, Clarence
Crowell. XV. H. Dickerson and Charles
Beck. . .
Yee Ting admitted that he fired the
three shots last might. He claims to be
a cousin of the murdered man, Yee Kit,
and says that Yep Suey, at whom he shot,
was one of the trio that shot Yee Kit.
Yee Kit, who was shot on Saturday
night by gunmen of the Suey Dun Tong,
died last evening at the Emergency Hos
pital. The tong to which Kit belonged at
once took up the work of revenge and
three hours after he died highbinders
made a bold attempt to murder Yep Suey,
a prominent member of the rival organi
zation. Three shots were fired at Suey.
None of them took effect, but the pistol
was placed so close to his body that hi?
hands were powder burned and his clothes
took fire. Yee Ting was arrested by Offi
cers Tyrell and Tillman and charged with
the crime. The shooting took place at the
corner of Dupont and Washington streets.
Both tongs now at war are branches of
the See Yup Society. The latter organi
zation made an effort to settle the diffi
culty before any more blood was spilled,
but the death of Yee Kit caused a sudden
renewal of hostilities. The war is now on
in earnest and the police think much
murder will be done before a settlement
can be effected.
Shots Fired by Gun-Man
at Suey Dun Tong
Highbinder.
Colonel John P. Irish and Andrew Fur
useth, secretary of the Sailors' Union, de
bated the question. "Is Trade Unionism
In all of Its aspects beneficial to the labor
ing classes?" last night before the Men's
League of the First Congregational
Church of Oakland. The lecture room of
the church was crowded with an audience
of men and the partisans of the two
speakers frequently applauded their re
spective champions.
Some acrimony crept into the argument,
and once the efforts of the chairman.
Giles H. Gray, were necessary to restore
order. •
The debate was opened by Mr. Furu-
Eeth, who defended labor unions as a po
tent and necessary factor In industrial
evolution. Colonel Irish replied in a
forty-nve-minute speech, in which he
argued that trade unionism was opposed
to the spirit of our institutions. Mr. Furu
seth spoke in rebuttal and Colonel Irish
closed the debate.
Acrimony Is Displayed in Discussion
of the Benefits to Labor of
Organization.
IRISH AND FTJTtTJSETH
DEBATE ON tTNTONISM
SEEK TO AVENGE
CHINESE MURDER
SAN JOSE, Oct. 8.— The Board of Su
pervisors lopped off the heads of four
county employes to-day and cut the salary
of another 33 1-3 per cent. This step was
taken in the interest of economy and was
brought about by the county losing 515,
000 to $20,000 a year in license revenue by
the recent Supreme Court decision.
Supervisors Giving the Ax.
PALACE HOTEL.
Miss J Scarce, Ky C McBrlde. S Jos*
Miss A Scarce, Ky Mrs Russell 3 Jos*
H W Hetss. N Y B I Wheeler" & w, EKly
C.P Bra;Iau, S Jose J G Roberts Madura
A DallEian. N 1" J M Bennett. Seattle
J G ilcKinney, L Ang S Well. Nome
J A Foshay, L Ang Mrs Waldron, S Crux
It Schwarzkopf. StanM W Johnston. Courtlani
H J Knowles, Oakland W H Lightner, St Paul
A E Hughes. Mill Val G •\VarfleW. S Jos*
C Carrigan,. USA 1> Campbell & w. Cal
Dr Thompson. Oakda'.e H M Chanc?. Phlla
T "Williams. S Rafael Mr Herman & w. Pa
C K MIMer, U S N Mrs Fisher. Jijksoo
J Robinson. Berkeley J II Campbell Mich
Mrs T Richardson, NY A T Goebe. Belvedere
Miss Richardson. N Y Baron von Bash, Bei-
A Richardson /i. v.-, NY vedere
I. Well. NY J B Cory. Acampo
E J Ptringham. X Y A Martin & w, S Jose
F Calm & v/. Jlalt j O A Wilson. Stanford .
Miss Hamburger. ISalto J P Adair. Chicago
C M White. Mich Mrs S Plske. Denver
Mrs G Shiras. 1'a Mrs Wickersham. Cal
H H Knapp ft w, Napa Mrs Reed, Petaluma
L F Coburn. Yreka j V George. Denver
J M O'Neill. Yreka H Darnellla. Nevada
Dr Digby & w. Ontario 1 E W Runyon. Cal
R Schnell & w. Ont D Barrlnger. Phlla
W Thompson «fc w. Ill J B Patton X T
AV B Gilbert. Portland ;J P McCullough. N T
"W Huntington. N Y Miss C Parmalee. Cal
W Brewer & -v, Cal Miss M Parmalee. Cal
S Rea & w. Pa J D Hanson. S Jo3e
Mrs McBride. S Jose
GRAND HOTEL.
F T Butler. Toronto |Mrs E T Russell. S Js^
M V Brown & f. Wls, Susie Poundstone, Cal
Dr G F Fanekiver. Cal C W Flrdun, Lodl
J W Colvert & w, Cat D B Sparks, New York
J C Pottle. Sanger O L. Walter. Fresno
Dr A L Tlbbitts. Cal J W Barton. S Brndno
J C Hopkins & s, Cal E M Ehrhorn. Colo
O May, Chicago T T Park & w, Delano
A E Rich, Needles F B Crow. Ital Band
XV W Parlln. Hanford S P Poland. San Jose
T XV Dean. Courtland Mrs C P Morgan. Chgo
E Meybeen, Chlco T Burke & w. Eureka
T Bickwell. Chlco F Trescow, Crockett
C R Davis. Chicago j M McWhorter. Bkrsfld
R M B Tldd. St Louis W D Davtdson, Bodle
S T Kelsey Jr. Seattle H D Kercheval. Cal
J K Gamble, Portland E C Crel!er. Cal
J E Thompson, Sacto M B Davis. El Paso
C E Greene. Davfsvllle J B Irish. Downlevlll*
H M Hall. Weaverville F M Rutherford, Cal
\V J Powers&w.Tacma R F Phillips. Plttsburj?
J Hess. Chicago W D Hlbber. Kansas
•C C Smith. Portland G W Smith. S Bardno
XV Elliot. Santa Maria: H B Morris. Sebastopl
J F Goodwin, w & s. I S Peterson & w, S Rsa
Santa Maria Mrs M E Slu.iser. Cal
J WIehler. S L OsispoiMrs B A Peterson. Cal
Dr XV L Lucas. S Mar C Pomeroy & w. Oak
Dr H E Bakley. S Mar M H Murray. S Cruz
F H Smith. Stockton Miss M L Milier, Sacto
"W W Henderson. Lodl Miss A A Miller. Sacto
E Fritz. Watsonville J W Gates. Vacavllle
R Fritz & w, L Angf F E Baker. Nevada
NEW •WESTERN HOTEL.
H B Thompson. LsAngi S II Whltbeck. N Y
H M Morton, Los AngjR W Scholefleld. Sacto
T F Fox. Bakersfleld C Smith. San Rafael
XV H Muscher. Illinois T F McAnay. KansCty
H F Schroeder & fm. L H. Coster. Seattle
Minnesota J R Mitchell, Lathrop
J Winton. Illinois J C Mitchell, Oakland
Miss E Jonea. Seattle |A W Kouffman. Oakld
J S Lemis, Santa Rosa F Bunkard. Sacto
• P J Murtha & w. Cal A Moro. Sacto
J H Moulton. Ohio W Lordwood, Portland
HOTEL ABRIVAXS.
A slight change has been made in the
management of the depot quartermas
ters department since its , separation
from the army transport service. Cap
tain Nathan P. Batchelder, who has been
serving as assistant depot quartermaster,
has been relieved and assigned to duty
as quartermaster on the army transport
Sheridan. As the transport is not yet
ready for sea and may not be for some
time, owing to the strike conditions ex
isting, other service may be ordered for
Captain Batchelder in the meantime.
There have been no changes made in
the army transport service and, accord
ing "to General u. F. Long, who is in
charge of the service... none are con
templated.- The service is now in a high
etate of efficiency and the transports of
the United States Government are leav
ing this port on regular time.
Some few weeks ago it was decided to
separate the depot quartermaster's de
partment and the army transport service.
General Long, who was depot quarter
master before the war and who organ
ized and managed the United States
army transport service over the Pacific
Ocean, was given the choice of service.
Having organized the transport service
he felt a natural pride in the work and
chose to remain in charge of the vessels.
Colonel Miller was then made depot
quartermaster and is now in charge of
that department. It was in the separa
tion of the work a^id officers of the two
departments that Captain Batchelder re
tired from his old position.
The trans-Pacific transport service is
now the only transport service that the
United States Government possesses. The
service to Cuba and Porto Rico has been
done away with, the few soldiers that
are being transported between the United
States and those points being handled
by the commercial lines. But the trans-
Pacific service has been put on a regu
lar sailing basis and has been left with
General Long for management. When
the Hancock left last week that vessel
sailed on the two hundred and fifty-fifth
trip that has been made from the port
of San Francisco by army transports in
about two years. There are now fifteen
transports plying between San Francisco
and the Philippines and among the isl
ands, all handled from this port. The
service has been gradually reduced to
this figure though at one time there were
nearly fifty, vessels, employing about 10,
000 men, making a small army in itself.
It was this service that. General Long
built up and which he is now reducing
to the lowest limit that is consistent with
the work required of it by the Govern
ment. During all this time not a* single
life has been lost in crossing the Pacific
Ocean these many times.
"There are no changes that I know of
contemplated in the transport service,"
said General O. F. Long, "since the ser
vice was separated from the work of the
depot quartermaster. Some slight
changes have been necessitated by that
separation, but nothing of importance.
Of course the transport service is being
reduced to the lowest and most econom
ical limit consistent with a good service,
but that is all."
LIMA. Peru. Oct. S.— It is asserted her©
on reliable authority that the greed of Bo
livia has been excited by the wealth of
the SantO/ Domingo mines, which are the
property of the Inca Mining Company, an
American organization. The Bolivians de
clare that the mines arc on Bolivian terri
tory, which they assert extends to the
lnambura River.
The Government of Peru is determined
to oppose this contention firmly. To-mor
row the new Peruvian Minister to Bolivia.
Dr. Felipe Cama, will proceed to La Pass,
the capital of Bolivia, to discuss the issue
as well as other questions.
Depot Quartermaster's De
partment Is Made a
Separate System.
Government of Peru Will Op
pose the Claim to the
Land.
Army Transport Service
Is Being Gradually
Reduced. -
South Americans Covet
the Santo Domingo
Property.
MINES' RICHNESS
STIRS BOLIVIA
HANDLING UNCLE
SAM'S SOLDIERS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 9, 1901.
Marriage of Miss Ida Belle Palmer -and George Sterett Wheaton
Unites Two Prominent Families—Miss Mabel Tretheway Becomes
Bride of Wm. Macdonald— Miss Rose Roesch WedsG. A.Nissen
WEDDING BELLS GAILY PROCLAIM
THE UNITING OF HAPPY COUPLES
11
ADVERTISEMENTS.
iE¥ni[ToiiNr
A Most Remarkable Remedy That
Quickly Restores Lost Vigor
to Men.
A Free Trial Package Sent by Mall
to All Who Write.
Free trial packages of a most remark-
able remedy are being mailed to all who
will write the State Medical Institute.
They cured so many men who had battled
fcr y^ars against the mental and physical
suffering of lost manhood that the Insti-
tute has decided to distribute free trial
j.Mkafff to all who write. It is a home
treatment, and all men who suffer from
Kny form of 6exual weakness resulting
from vouthful folly, premature loss of
fitrengtn and memory, weak Lack, varico-
e<-!e or emaciation of parts can now cure
themselves at borne.
The remedy has a peculiarly grateful
effect cf warmth and seems to act direct
to the desired location, givingr strength
end development just where it Is needed.
It cures all the ills and troubles that come
from years of misuse of the natural func-
tions and has been an absolute success in
a':l cases. A request to the State Medical
Int-titute, S2S Elektron building, Kort
Wayne, Ind., stating that you desire one
of their free trial packages, will be com-
P'.leu with promptly. The Institute ia de-
i-lrous of reaching that great class of men
who are unable to leave home to be
Treated, and the free samples will enable
them to gee how easy it is to be cured of
fic-xual weakness when the proper reme-
dies are employed. The Institute makes
, iio restrictions. Any man who writes will
Y>" sent a free cample, carefully sealed in
a plain package, so that its recipient need
have no fear of embarrassment or pub-
licity. Readers are requested to write
Ulthout dclax. , .
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
TO CURE ANY DISEASE.
The Causa Must Be Removed, .Samcs
i Way With Dandruff.
Kill the germ that causes dandruff, fall-
ins hair and baldness, you will have no
more dandruff, and your hair must grow
luxuriantly. Herplcide not only contains
the dandruff germ destroyer, but it is also
a most delightful hair dressing for regu-
lar toilet use. No other hair preparation-
is on this scientific basis of destroying
the dandruff germ than Newbro's Herpl-
clde. £
1 1 visit DR. JORDAN'S great 6
iMUSEUM OF ANATOMY^
l I (j£ 1051 HABXX7 ST. trt. t±kTX Z.f.ZiL I
Cf The Largest Anatomical Museum in Ihe \
i ) '7ff___ World. Weaknesses or any contracted A .
' 53 ElW »*»ea« p»»««J»elyc»r«< ny the olden Y
Q JfsSSjl Specialist on the Cotsc Est. 36 years. I©
? fi§S?8 DS * J0RI} AN-DISEASES OF MEN Q
\ f (Siw^H Consultation free and strictly private. \
Q J j5<2 H Treatment personally or by letter. A 0
\ m tT M N t ' ve Cure in every case underwit en. T
API lie Write for Bosk. PBILOMinT •» A
"I 1^ W»nn!AtK, MAILED FHEB. fAf
A it IT valuable book for men) \
f OB. JORDAN A CO.. 1031 Market St. 3. P. V
DR.MEYEBS&CO, J§pli%
Specialist. Disease jJggB^
and weakness of &£&f J>
men. Established 9T*6r J^gSc'lS?
1SS1. Consultation M^> *^ |*J
and private boot <t3i-' /. ,\ I
tor entrance), San
Francisco.THE SAN FRANCISCO CAtIV WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 9, 1901.
12
FLATS WASTED.
__„ . ..>.:,_
FLAT 5 or 6 rooms and bath; north of Market;
good tenants; state terms. Box 1063, Call.
FRAMES AKD PICTURES.
C^YD^lTiceLLER, 128-130 Hayes, nr. V. Ness
, —Best work and lowest prices west Chicago.
FURMTIJRE FOR SALE.
$17 50— SOLID oak bedroom set; plate mirror.
$1— Solid oak chair; factory price.
$2— Enamel beds, all sizes. Tel. Folsom 1328.
Seary's Credit House, 1429 Mission, nr. 10th.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak, $48 50, with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co., 1127-1131 Market.
3000'YARDS carpet; leather library set. 5 pieces,
cost $125. D. GREENWALT. .70S Valencia st.
FCRNITUKE WASTED.
CAL. Auction Co., 1462 Market — Buys furniture,
merchandise, etc.:' phone Jessie 2071.
A..WOLLPERT, 773 Mission st.. pays highest
price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1354.
Auctioneer — W. P. Beauchamp, 928 Howard St..
tel. Jessie 1122;. furniture, merchandise bought.
A. L. STORRS, 634 Ellis st.; telephone Larkln
2782; highest price paid for furniture, carpets.
TEL. Jessie 761 before selling furniture, car-
pets, pianos, etc. .CHAS. LEVY. 1135 Marke'..
GLOV13S. .
D. & F. new $1 glove, retailed at factory price;
warranted; kept in repair. 121 Grant ave.
HELP WANTED — FEMALE.
A— MRS. M. E. DAY & CO.. Phone Main 1575
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
2 waitresses, city hotels $25
6 waitresses, country $20 and $25
4 waitresses, city $20
2 waitresses, restaurant../. $6 and $7 week
3 chambermaids, to wait
\u25a0 FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Cooks, $25 to $30; cook. $30; housegirl, $25;
many other choice places.
MRS. M. E. DAY & CO 335 Geary st.
WANTED— Cook for delicatessen and lunch,
$40; cook, no wash, $35; 8 cooks, plain wash,
$30, $35; chambermaid and seamstress, $25;
hotel cook, $30; 5 chambermaids, wait 1 meal,
$20; 7 second girls, $20, $25; French nurse. $25;
3 nurse girls, $15, $20; laundress, $30; 3
restaurant waitresses, $7, $8 a week; hotel
waitresses, $20, $25; cleaning woman, insti-
tution, $25. J. F. CRQSETT & CO., 316 Sut-
ter st.
MISS HORGAN ..323 Sutter st.
Housegirl, country, $30; housegirl. Oakland,
_ $30; 5 cooks, German style, $30 and $35; cook,
Alameda, $30; 8 hcusegirls, small families,
» city, $25; 6 second girls, small families, $20
and $25; cook and eecond girl, $25 and $20;
chambermaid. $20; 15 young girls to assist,
$20; boarding-house cook, $35. .
A— 2 EXPERIENCED girls for labeling and
painting cans, $7 50 week. MURRAY &
READY, 634-636 Clay st.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE, 26 Montgomery, rm. 12.
1 Chambermaids and waitresses, country, $20.
SECOND girls. $25; child's nurse, $25. CAT-
TELL'S. S25 Eighth st.. Oakland.
A YOUNG lady who reads and writes Swedish,
Danish and English and understands sten-
1 ography and typewriting, \u25a0 with satisfactory
references, may obtain a good position at
moderate ' salary by applying at 398 Church
st., any afternoon this week bet. 3 and 5.
4 ACTIVE, intelligent young ladles of good
presence to canvass for the most salable
book on the market; outfits free; $2 50 per
day guaranteed; commissions. Room 30, 233
Powell St., 9 a. m. to 5 p. m.
COMPETENT girl for general housework;
must be a good cook; small family; refer-
ences required; $25. Call 10 to 4, or address
174 Perry st., Oakland; take Piedmont car.
AN intelligent young lady for general .office
work; must be a good penman. S. N. WOOD
& CO., 718 Market st.
GERMAN girl for plain cooking; small family;
good wages. Apply bet. 11 and 1 at 502 Fulton
st. or any time at 130 Sixth st.
EXPERIENCED waitress wanted, $8 a week.
People's Restaurant. 631 Clay st.. between
Kearny and Montgomery.
EXPERIENCED collar ironers and rubbers
wanted. Euieka Laundry Co., 7 Juniper St.,
off Folsom, bet. Tenth and Eleventh.
STRONG woman for plain cooking and light
housework: Swedish or German preferred,
$20. 579 Harrison St.
WE can place 2 bright, earnest, reliable women
in flrst-class positions. Box 921, Call office.
FIRST-CLASS finishers on skirts; also taiior-
ess. A. KAHN, 142 Geary st.
WANTED— Girl to learn to wait at table;
wages small; restaurant. 52 Eighth st.
AMATEUR singers wanted. Apply at Chutes
at 6 p. m. this evening.
WANTED— A neat girl to assist in housework.
Call at 2410 Polk St.
EXPERIENCED girl for housework, plain
wash; good home; v/ages $15. 1S20 Sutter st.
WANTED— Girl for cooking and downstairs
work; w«ges $25. 2597 Howard St., forenoon.
WOMAN from 20 to 30 for light housework and
cooking; small family. _ 716 Franklin st.
GIRL 14 to assist with light housework; 2 in
family. 1523 Golden Gate ave.
YOUNG girl to assist in light housework and
care of baby, no cooking. 472 -Waller st.
WANTED — A girl experienced stamper on pa-
per. The Stuparich Mfg. Co., 141-147 Fremont.
GIRL wanted to do cooking and housework.
1143 Geary st. ...
WANTED — An experienced apprentice on coats.
916 Market St.. room 82.
WANTED— A neat girl to do general house-
work; German preferred. 115 Oak st., bakery.
LUNCH waitress, 50c per day. Apply after 10
a. m., 2S Montgomery st.
GIRL for general housework for San Mateo;
wages $20; 10 and 3 o'clock. 828 O'Farrell st.
WANTED— Woman for general housework in
Sonoma: $20. Apply 320 Ellis St., bet. 9 and 10.
YOUNG woman, medium size, some experience
In acting, for vaudeville sketch. Box S20, Call.
WANTED— Girl general housework and cook-
ing. 712 Hayes st.
RELIABLE, trustworthy woman for light
housework; one in family. 545 Minna st.
NEAT young nursegirl. Apply between 1 and
3, 1548 Post st. •
MACHINE operators and hand sewers at
LEVI STRAUSS & CO.'S overall factory, 3?Vi
Fremont St. ; good wages; no experience
necessary; steady work. Apply MR. DAVIS.
HAIRDRESSING. dyeing. bleaching and
manicuring taught in two . weeks; entire
course, $5; positions waiting for graduates to
fill evening classes. S. F. COLLEGE, 113
Stockton st., room 13.
EXPERIENCED operators on fancy and neg-
ligee shirts; also a few bright' girls about 16
years of age for instruction; paid while learn-
ing. Standard Shirt Factory, corner Gough
and Grove sts.
\u25a0 SALESLADY wanted for fancy goods store;
must have experience and reference. Box
1011, Call office. \u25a0
FIRST-CLASS buttonhole maker; good -pay;
steady work. BELASCO-HARRIS CO.. 541
Market st.
WANTED— Experienced operators on women's
waists and wrappers; steady work; electric
power; good pay. MARKS BROS., 1212 Mkt.
EXPERIENCED operators on negligee shirts;
steady work; best prices. LOWENBERG &
CO.. 27 JESSIE ST., 5th floor. _^^
WANTED— Operators on pants. .Apply at fac-
tory of S. N. WOOD & CO., 27 Geary st.
WANTED— Women for light wprk on fruit.
1731 Folsom st. .- ' . .
WANTED— Reliable girl; cook and housework-
$15; small family. 2400 Bush st.
YOUNG girl for housework; 3 in family; wage<j
$15. 2112 Green St., after 8 a, m.
YOUNG girl ; competent for general houseworlT-
good wagea: 8 to 12. 213 Broderlck st.
FIRST-CLASS finishers on ladies' tailor coata
A. CAILLEAU, 114-116 Kearny st. . ' '
WAIST and skirt hands for dressmaking, l'l
Post st.. room 43.
WANTED— A neat German girl for bakery. 103
Ninth st. v .
FIRST-CLASS skirt and alteration hands want-
ed; good wages.. 1220 Market st.
A young girl for upstairs work, good wages
1207 Gough st. / \u25a0
WANTED— Chambermaid. c Manhattan Hous~
825 Battery st. -
FIRST-CLASS waist and skirt finishers; good
pay; steady work. DANZIGER, 237 Powell.
BUTTON-HOLE maker, custom coats; good
wages ; steady work. 927 Market, room 623.
NEAT, respectable German girl: general house-
work; plain cooking; wages $20. - S5I Fulton st.
NEAT young girl to assist \with housework;
good home. Apply 635 Guerrero «st.
FIRST-CLASS finishers on pants; steady work"
• 858 Howard St.. over handball court.
OPERATORS on overalls. 9 Hill st., between
Twenty-first and Twenty-second sts.
WANTED— Three young girls to work in lodg-
ing house. Apply 442 -Pacific st.
FINISHERS on ladies' - tailor jackets LOW-
ENTHAL'S. 914 Market st. '
HELP WASTED MALE.
A— M^RRrr~XREADY?rrr. . . -Phone Main 5843
LEADING EMPLOYMENT & LABOR AG TS
OFFICE OPEN 7 A. M. TO-DAY ...••.
FREE FARE .............. FREK
UKIAH UKIAH .--•
C. N. W. R. R
UKIAH UKIAH
50 teamsters... ......UKIAH Free Fare
50 laborers .UKIAH Free Fare
25 men. steel, rock and ballast gangs.. UkUh
WE SHIP TO-DAY ...FRL±.
Plumber and pipe-fitter, institution. $32 and fd
Brick mason's helper, mine.......-- "Zi'V^Z
Handy man with carpenter tools, fac, »-.aaj
Stcne and granite cutter who can letter, $oO «I
Carpenter's helper, $2 day; furnaceman, mine,
$63; man for country furniture store and re-
pair stoves, etc., bench hand, $4 aay. -
™°. lde .™'. SAWMILLS AND WOODS -•
10 laborers, no experience, for the mills, yards
and woods $33; $35 and founc.
5 laborers, no experience, sawmill company,
San Mateo County ---$30 and found
5 laborers, sawmill Sonoma Co. .$30 and found
a cross-cut sawyers, south $4o ana iouna
LABORERS— QUARRYMEN
10 laborers, no experience, for a large com-
pany, near city - $42 and found
5 quarrymen, $60 5 muckers, $•»
\u25a0 10 shovelersn. city • \u2666 WJ
127 laborers, different places, city and coun-
try ... $1 75 to $2 50 v day
MISCELLANEOUS ••-
15 farm, orchard and vineyard hands..........
$26 and $30 and found
choreman, private family $25 and found"
4 milkers, same dairy -.$40 and found
15 milkers, different city and country dairies;
choreman and wife, $45; man and wife, insti-
tution, $37 50. .„
Butchers' helper, ranch \u2666-»
GRAPEPICKERS.... HALF FARE PAID
20 men and strong boys to pick grapes for a
large winery company ••.
$30 and found; half fare paid
MURRAY & READY 634-636 Clay st.
A— COOK and wife, camp of laboring men; $60
and found; dishwasher, officers' mess, $20;
baker, country shop, $40; sausage-maker, $15
week; dishwasher, institution, $25: beef lug-
ger, $2 25 day; 5 waiters, country hotels. $30;
pantryman. $30; 7 cooks. MURRAY &
READY, 634-636 Clay st.
AT C. R. HANSEN &CO.'S 104 Geary st.
• Railroad Work Railroad Work
Free Fare Free Fare
FOR NEVADA
100 teamsters and laborers $2 a day
FOR TRUCKEE
100 laborers \u25a0 $1 75 a day
FOR CHATSWORTH PARK
50 drillers and muckers $2 to $2 50
Free Fare..,. Free Fare
6 house carpenters, country $3 50 a day
2 bridge carpenters, R. R. work *
$3 to $3 50 a day; free-fare
Electrician for a mine $90 to $100
20 drillers for bis ditch $2 50 a day
10 teamsters, city $2 a day
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Fry cook, restaurant, $60; 6 second cooks, fry-
ers and broilers, $40 to $50; 6 waiters, country
hotels. $25 to $30; waiter, institution, country.
$30; 3 porters, hotels, $20 to $25; upstairs por-
ter, country hotel, $25; night watchman, coun-
try, hotel, $25 to $30
6 cblored extra waiters, country hotel, $1 50 a
day, free fare..
C R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary st.
MAN, handy with tools, for ranch, $40 and
board; buttcrmaker, $30 and found: stable-
man for business horses; man about place,
$25 and found; driver for milk wagon, $25
and found; 3 milkers, $30 and $35 and found;
boys for store, $4 to $6 week; stlckerman
and matcher, 30c hour; linemen for don-
keys; machine men for country mills, and
other3. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacra-
mento St.
60 TEAMSTERS for city and country; $2 and
$2 25. day. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sac-
ramento st.
DELICATESSEN man, $35 and $40 and
board; hotel cook, $50 and found: boy for
housework, $10 and found; stewards; butler.
$35 and found; restaurant and hotel waiters,
$10 and $11 week and $30 month; porters,
dishwashers and others. , J. F. CROSETT &
CO., 628 Sacramento st.'
AT THE CAL. EMPLOYMENT AGENCY.
59 Third st.. nr. Call bldg.; phone Bush 405.
Railroad Teamsters and Laborers
..: UKIAH UKIAH
FREE FARE
50 railroad teamsters for Uklah $2 to $2 25
50 laborers for Uklah $2 per day
6 lumber pilers, country $2 per day
6 quarrymen $1 50 per day and board
10 teamsters, city $1 25 per day and board
15 laborers, new Job near city $2 per day
20 laborers for quarry $2 to $2 50 per day
Ranch hand; must be able to do blacksmith-
ing
Waiter, country hotel $20 per month.
Cook, small restaurant $30 to $35 per month
Boy to feed dogs.. $10 per month and good home
A— W. D. EWER & CO., 610 Clay st— 10 4-
horse scraper teamsters, $2 23 a day; 10 la-
borers, fare reduced, $2 25 a day; ironmolder,
city, $3 a day; Catholic infirmary, . man. in-
stitution, $20 and fd; plain laundryman,
country hotel, ?20; ranch teamster, Santa
Clara, $26; choraman for orchard, $30; cook
for boat, $40; cabin boy, $15 to $20; boy for
factory, $6 a week; farmer and plain black-
smithing, $26; cook and wife for institu-
tion, $95.
ANDRE'S Office. 316 Stockton St.— Gardener
for nursery. $30: choreman, $20; butler, $2 a
day; butler's valet, $30; waiter, country,
$S0; waiter, city, $40; fry cook, $60; cook,
$i0 a week, no Sunday work: infirmary at-
tendant for college, $15; bedmaker, $8 a
week; hall man for hotel. $15 and fd; pot-
washer, $23; vegetableman. etc.
A— HOTEL. GAZETTE, 26 Montgomery, rm. 12.
Steward, city hotel, $50; 2 colored wait-
ers, $25.
JOURNEYMEN Barbers' International Union-
Free employment. 927 Market St., room 207.
I. LESS, secretary; telephone -Jessie 1176.
WANTED— Reliable man to drive seltzer wa-
ter wagon; must have security and refer-
ence. Box 915, Call office.
COATMAKER, J>ushelman and pantsmaker for
country. ApplVkREISS BROS. & CO.. 24 Sut-
ter st. \^
MAN to do lettering and striping; also boys
over 16 years of age. AMERICAN CAN
CO., 618 Battery st.
"WANTED — 2 flrst-class coatmakers. Apply to
M. J. KELLER CO.. 1157-59 Washington St.,
Oakland.
$100— WOMAN wants steady man for partner
in cigar stand; full value for the money will
be given. 257 Fourth st.. corner Folsom.
BOY ti learn the plumbing trade; over 16 years
of age and live with parents. Apply FRANK
H. MILLS, 327 Turk st.
GOOD -cash boys wanted. S. N. WOOD & CO..
718 Market st.
SHOE repairer, first-class man; neat and
steady. KAST & CO., 740 Market st.
W'ANTED-5 first-class coatmakers. J. BAUM-
GARTEN & CO.. 7 Montgomery st.
WANTED— Dishwasher and porter. 212 O'Far-
rell st.
WANTED — Young man to help in grocery and
deliver. 435 Third st.
W r ANTED— 2 good, reliable men. Call Wednes-
day morning, SC2 Post st. v
STRONG. • intelligent boys 18 to 20 years to
learn iron molders' trade. 505 Mission st.
GOOD clothing man for the country, between
8 and 9 a. m. 828 Kearny st.
WANTED— Man to feed a press. Inquire the
Stuparich Mfg. Co., 141-147 Fremont St. "
BOY, good home Jn country; $5 month. 227 Sec-
ond st.; apply this mornlns:
ELDERLY man for country; good home; small
wages. 227 Second at.
WANTED— Lunch waiter from 11:30 until 12:30.
NE. cor. Davis and Commercial sts.
"WAITER wanted— 560 Howard st.
BARBER wanted— 2808% California st.
WANTED— Young cake baker. 1205 Polk St.
BOY for hotel; references; $10 and found 417
Larkin st. -
WANTED— Drug clerk; must come well recom-
mended. Box 926, Call offlce.
| *
BOY wanted. Apply 341 Hayes street.
.WANTED— Young man 14 to IS. furnishlng'iSe-
partment; bring references: 10-12. 158 Third.
! WANTED^-Xlght cashier. 23 Stockton st.
FIRST-CLASS painters wanted. 1611 Market
; street. ,
SHOEMAKER on repairing; steady job 631
, Sacramento st. J l
LUNCH waiter. 202 Townsend st
A BOY to driVe butcher wagon; Western Addi-
tlon preferred. Call 1612 Post st.
F I^ S H - CLASS shoemaker wanted on repairing.
YOUNG man to work around milk depot; $20
and found. \u25a0 247 Devisadero st.
SHOEMAKER wanted. 41 Fourth st.
' Wanted ~ Y ° UnS man P referre «- 37
\u25a0 B pS-k E s R .; iTmer. 6 and Wa5 * 3 ' P tCady ; <S
B S^tc A e nt 1 h ed st ab0Ut bUtCh ? F sh0 X. A"^*!^
B d J e T r£ H l?7 1 g a y i,f t g r ni ke st rOUte »"«
C °t™? RC1AIj 1UnCh C °° k want *«. 1406 Polk
» B Clav Wa t nted ab ° Ut butcher sl »op. Apply fc03
SAX FRANCISCO CALL-
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets; open
until 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 627 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 p. na.
300 Hayes ctreet; open until 9:30 p. m.
639 McAllister street; open until 8:30 p. m.
61S Larkin street; open until 9:30 p. m.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 p. m.
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 p. m.
1096 Valencia street; open until 9 p. m.
NcrthwoFt corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky streets; open until 9 p. m.
2200 Fillmore street; open until 9 p. m.
MEETING NOTICES.
OCCIDENTAL Lodge No^ 22, F. and A. B
M.— THIS (WEDNESDAY) EVENING «#i-,
at 7:30 o'clock. First degree. By order X2T
of the W. M. :
WALTER G. ANDERSON. Secretary.
KXCELSIOli Lodge No. 166, F. and A. •
IL-Cilled meeting THIS (WEDNES- £\,
DAT) EVENING, October 9, at 7 1&2\
o'clock sharp. Third degree. / "W l
H. J. OWEN. Secretary.
MISSION Lodge No. 169. F. and A. M.— «
Called meeting THIS (WEDNESDAY) MW
EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. First de- jK/T
gree. The work of the first degree will / V »
be exemplified before the officers of the M.
W. Grand Lodge by .the officers of Yount
Lodge Na 12, F. and A. M.. Napa. All
Masons cordially invited.
R. E. ALLAN. Secretary.
CROCKETT Lodge No. 139, F. and A. gt
1L— D. 1st. THIS. October 9, at 7:30^*^
p. ra. By order of the W. M. >SL>\
H. FORTRIEDE, Secretary.
YERBA BTTENA Loflge No. 15, L jo^gl^i,
O. O K.— Members are requested -=}g7!2S«^5==
to assemble at Memorial HalL
WEDNESDAY, October 9. 1291, <?""*
for the purpose of attending the funeral ol
our late brother. JAMES McCORMICK.
our us-ie THOS. C. MARTIN. N. O.
J. J. DE HAVEN, Recording Secretary.
YERBA BtTENA Lodge No. 15, L .jgSgaKZj*
O. O. F.— Members will please take
uotioe that the party arranged to
take place on October 10 has 'WIV*'
been postponed on account of death until
THURSDAY, October 24. By order of
THOS. C. MARTIN, Noble Grand.
J. J. DE HAVEN. Secretary.
NATIONAL UNION. Call- « i y'gE3Egg^v_
rornia Council. meets < <Sk£»««S25>»
TO-NIGHT at Pioneer ~ i^]"*" '• \*yk
Hall. Fourth street, at
fc o'clock (in its new hall). Visiting friends
cordially invited. By order >^
W. A. S. NICHOLSON. President.
C K. VAN ORDEN. Secretary.
VALLEY Lodge No. SO. A. O. U. W. .^ife»
instituted April 24. 187S. meets THIS §s%%3
(WEDNESDAY) EVENING at 8 «&£&
o'clock, in Pioneer Hall, 24 Fourth VfctfC-
eu All membere of the order are cordially
invited" to attend- F. W. HARRIS, M. W.
TKOS. H. LORD, Recorder.
ANNUAL meeting— The annual meeting ol
stockholders of the Kilauea. Sugar Plantatior
Company will be held at the office of the com-
pany 327 Market Et., In the City and County
of San Francisco. State of California, or
WEDNESDAY. October 23, 1901. at the houi
of 11 o'clock a- m. for the purpose of amend-
ing section 2 of article II of the by-laws and
for the transaction of such other business ai
may come before the meeting. Transfer book:
will close on Saturday. October 12, 1901. at 15
o'clock, noon. Ey order of the president.
H. W. THOMAS. Secretary.
THE California Debris Commission having re-
ceived application? to mine by the hydraulic
process Irom G. F. Edwards, in the Philc
Haven Consolidated placer mine, near GolC
Lake, Sierra Co., to deposit tailings in Mud
Lake, which drains into Frazier Creek; fron:
the Purdy Creek Mining Co.. in the Purdj
Creek mine, near Frenchtown, Tuba Co., «
deposit tailings in Purdy Creek; from Ed-
ward Brjan, in the Chaparral Hill golc
gravel mine, near Onion VeJley, Plumas Co..
to deposit tailings in Berg Creek, and fron
the Norwegian Mining Co.. in their min<
near Tuttletown. Tuolumne Co.. to deposit
tailings in Jackass Gulch, gives notice tha:
a meeting will be held at room 69, Flood
building, San Francisco. Cal.. on October a,
19C1. at l:£0 a. m.
AGENTS WANTED.
WANTED — Two good solicitors to canvass for
new edition Encyclopedia Britannica; new
scheme: good commission. Apply between 4
and 5:30 p. m. Adams building, room 40L
AGENTS vranted— Life of McKinley. 500 pages;
best book; 10C illustrations; outfit free; com-
plete book, ready for delivery. S. C. MIL-
LER & CO.. Portland. Or.
Al agents in every town for McKinley souvenir
pictures; fast seller: sample Tc in postage. Ad-
dress HAGEXS & CO.. EOS California St.. S. F.
AUOPTIOX.
MATERNITY Villa— Good homes for healthy in-
fants. Dr. Emilie Funke. 141S 8th St.. Alameda.
GIRL and boy baby for adoption. MRS. DR.
FUNKE, ltiC Eighth st, Alameda.
ASPHALTC3I ROOFING,
J. PELTIER, asphalt roofing, sidewalks re-
paired: postal. 11S5 Mission: tel. Folsom 2477.
JLSTllOLOGV.
richelieu!
Phonograph life delineator of character and
destiny; never introduced before. 1S23 Scott
Et.. near Pine. 1 to C p. m. daily.
PROF. ROUSSEAU, astrologlst; complete life
reading, 5Cc; by mail, 50c. 11G3 Market st.
ATTORXEVS AT LAW.
FREE advice— J. SI. VERDENAL, attorney,
314 Montgomery St.— Divorces, private; fees
low; probating; bankruptcy; collections; suits;
titles perfected : documents drawn ; mortgages ;
property bought: money loaned; insurance 30c
on $100. P. B. TRAVERS, Mjgx., 41S^ Post st.
ADVICE free— Divorces a specialty; quick,
quiet; no charge without success; collections,
wills deeds etc., prepared; charge low; estb.
1C yars. Atty. O. \V. HOWE. 850 Markt St.
ADVICE free;dlvorces private; bankruptcy ;col-
lections;attachments;mortgages; bills of sale;
partnerships; de«ds;wiils drawn; fees low;open
eves. THURSTON. lOCS^j Mkt.. r. 4. op. 5th.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful. TV.
W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market St.. opp. Mason.
ADVICE free: moderate fee if successful; office
open evenings. HUGH C. GRANT. S27^Market.
L. S. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg., 327 Mar-
ket Et. ; consultation free; no fees in advance.
ESTATES chancery; most moderate fees. 14
McAllister Rt.. GEO. \V. JOHNSON. Atty.
BOARDING FOR CHILDREN'.
A TOUN'G girl living home will take care of
child between 2 and 4 years old; nice home.
Api>iy 5"i? Eighth rt.
L.ADT wishes to board little girl; nice home;
beet care. MRS MOORE, P. O. Alameda.
MOTHER'S care and good home for two or
throe children: low terms. 1607 California Et.
BOOKS — XEW AND OLD.
BOOKS of every kind bought. Tel. Red 2356.
HOLMES BOOK CO.. 704-706-70S Mission st.
. HCKEAU TRUNKS.
TRUNKS of everj- deEcriptk>n~~at~1«dTock
prices. Factory and salesroom, S26 Howard.
lUMMiSS CHA.NCKS.
A— $1800; BAKERY in Western Addition; estab^
lished 26 years; rent $45; 2 horses. 1 wagon;
most store trade; baking 3 barrels per day.
Particulars R. G. WILKE, 26& Kearny st.
A— tlDO; DAIRY, produce and delicatessen
store; 4 living rooms and bath; rent $14; best
location; business clearing always J1C0 per
mor.th or more. Call R. G. WILKE, 1 26VS
Kearny st. . \u25a0 -
A— $500; RESTAURANT and chop house; ladies*
rooms; daily receipts about J45; rent $50; best
location. Tenderloin district Call K. G.
WILKE. 26H Kearny st.
A— $C50; BRANCH bakery, notions and fancy
grocery store in Alameda; rent $10; good lo-
cation and fine paying business. Call R. G.
WILKE. 26',j Kearny st.
A— $1100; RESTAURANT close to Market »t.;
near Chronicle bldg. ; a good paying business.
Call R. G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny st.
A— UX); GOOD-PAYING saloon, close to the
water front; rent *25; must be sold at once, as
owner is compelled to return to Michigan.
Call R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny st.
A— $400; CORNER saloon on Mason St.; r e nt $23;
good business; must be sold at once; owner
accepted Government position. Call R. G
WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
1175— A SACRIFICE— Delicatessen store doing a
nice business; 2 living rooms; rent $16. See
R. G. WIUCE at once. 26H Kearny st.
I HAVE all kinds of buyers waiting; list your
etores and lodging-house 1 B""with me; I guaran-
tee to sell. F. J. DECK, room 208, Emma
Spreckels building.
WANTED— Man with $200 in office business;
experience not necessary; a fine chance for a
rustier. F. J. DECK, room 208, Emma Spreck-
els building.
WANTED — Few ladies to Invest with a lady a
little money each in a safe mining proposi-
tion; a fortune in sight; no humbug; please
Investigate. Box 1C43. Call office.
A — SNAP; delicatessen and coffee house; store
worth $500, reduced to $250. Retsloff, 906 Mkt.
A— $1200 CORNER grocery and bar; good pay-
ing-. Inquire 1016 Polk et. ; no agents.
HELP WANTED— MALE— Con?
TWO cupola men; must understand work la
detail; stx sash weight molders; one carpen-
ter for rough work. 542 Townsend »t.
' BRIDGE AND* WHARF BUILDERS EM-
B PLOYERS' ASSOCIATION.
Atlantic, Gulf and Pacific Co..
California Bridge and Construction Oft.
City Street Improvement Co.,
gSMSfci Si Construction Cai j
Healey, Tibbitts & Co..
Hyde Construction Co..
Darby Lay don &. Co.,
J. A. McMahon,
Pacific Construction Co».
Thomson Bridge Co.,
Robt. Wakefleld.
"WANTED— Stevedores, seamen, fireman. e©»l-
passers. cooks an<t waiters; good wagea; per-
fect protection afforded on Broadway wharf,
where employes are boarded and lodged on
steamer lying alongside; men working for
the company and grvlng satisfaction at OjI»
time will be given preference in rutur*. Ap-
ply to Pacific Coast Steamship Company,
Broadway wharf, San Francl«co.
WANTED— I0O teamsters by the E. B. & A. I*
Stone Co. for their camp near Jackson. Am-
ador County. Cal.: wages for 2-nors* team-
sters, J2 per day; wages for 4-horse team-
sters, $225perdayj_board$450jper_week-__
WANTED— Recruits for the marine coorpa, U.
8. navy; able-bodied, unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of 21 and 35: not
less than 5 feet 4 Inches and not over ( feet I
Inch; able to sneak and read English. For
further information apply at the Recrultlns
Office. 40 Ellis at. .San Franclaco.
1000 MEN wanted— Rock drillers, tunnel, brush
and shovel men to work on ditch line beta*
constructed for the Sweepstake Mlnin* Co..
near Weaverville, Trinity Co.. Cal.; apply on
work; steady work, good board and best
Wagea in State. San Francisco Construction
Co.. 26 Montgomery st., room 23. San Fran-
cisco, Cal. _^___^^^_^___™
WANTED— A smart young man, 20 to 25 years
of age, to act aa shipping clerk in lumber of-
fice. Apply in own handwriting, stating ex-
perience and wages expected, box 1071. Call.
MEN to learn barber trade; only eight weeks
required; tools donated; positions guaran-
teed: catalogue free. MOLER BARBER
COLLEGE. .635 Clay St.
WILL pay nonest. well-dressed. Industrious
gentleman salary $20 per week to assist la
my business: experience unnecessary. Ad-
dress box 105O, Call office.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third st. ; 150 largs
rooms; 25c per night; tl to 12 per week.
WANTED— A bright boy between 18 and II
years old. for office work. Address In own
handwriting. A. W. C, box 1076. Call office.
WANTED— Errand boys, not under 15 years of
age. Apply NATHAN-DOHRMANN CO., 122
Sutter st.
WANTED— Young men. not over 20 years of
age, to learn crockery business. Apply
NATHAN-DOHRMANN CO., m Sutter st.
WANTED— 2 youne men with experience at
i carriage painting. Apply MIBACH &
STRAUSS, 933 Bran nan St.. near Ninth.
WANTED— A clothing salesman; one who un-
derstands card writing; state salary expected.
Address box 1095, Call office.
"WANTED— Steady young man of one year's ex-
perience In barber business. Call or address
Thusa Block Barber Shop, Los Gatos. Cal.
FOR Eale cheat)— 2-chair shop in country, do-
lng good business. Box 1039. Call. '
3ETyour shoes half-soled while waiting;; 25c
to 50c. 563 Mission st, bet. 1st and 2d sts.
BOY to pack extracts; W 50 per -week. PAUL
RIEGER. 141 First st.
BLACKSMITH helper wanted. H7 Ellis st.
"WANTED — Boy to run electric elevator. Ad-
dress box 1031. Call.
SALESMAN on gloves for the north; state ex-
perlence, etc. Box 1074, Call office.
"WANTED — 6 good teamsters. Apply to J.
O' SHEA. Seventeenth and Vermont sta.
BOOTBLACK wanted at 1305 FUImore st.
YOUNG men to learn barber trade; cataJosu*
mailed. S. F. Barber College, 741A Howard.
WANTED— Brass bedstead makers. A. MERLE
COMPANY. 517-519 Mission St.
"WANTED— Cash boys, 14 years ot age and
over. Apply at HALE BROS, before 11 a. m.
WANTED— First-class dry goods delivery wrap-
per. Apply at HALE BROS, before 11 a. m.
FIRST-CLASS tailor on custom coats. BE-
LASCO-HARRI3 CO., 541 Market at.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. B63 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
GOOD butcher to take an old established shop.
Cor. Geary and Devisadero sts.
SAILORS, ordinary, for ships for all parts of
world. HERMAN'S. 26 Stenart St.
MCDONALD & PERRY have 500 pair* second-'
hand shoes for sale; 50c up. 241 Third st.
PENSION atty., E. A. Bullis. r. 40. Phelan
big. Past com. Geo. H. Thomas Post.O. A. R.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket— 700 rooms, 25c night; reading: rooms; free
'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1098
Valencia st.
HOUSES^ AND WAGONS.
DO not fail to attend the special auction sal*
"Wednesday, October 9, at 11 a. m., at th«
Arcade Horse Market. 327 Sixth st. JOHN
J. DOYLE, Auctioneer.
A HUNDRED head of -well broke German
army \u25a0 horses, suitable for all business pur-
poses, just arrived. JOHN H. HALTON. at
Chase & Co.'s sales yard, 1732 Market st.
ISO HEAD stock horses for sale. A. M. SCOTT
& CO.. 35 Dore St.. 9. K.
LARGE green colt; very fast; for sale. 823
Treat ave.
ONE black road team, one carriage team, on«
fast road team. 721 Howard st.
A BARGAIN in good carriage, saddle, business
and road horses. DALZIEL. (05 G. G. ave.
BARGAIN — Single horse coal and hay -wagons;
second-hand wagons and harness. 1634 Mission.
CHEAP— New panel body delivery. 1 laundry 1
' baker's. 1 shoe. 1 grocery wagon. 828 Harrison.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness
etc.. cheap. EGAN & SON, ai" Mission st.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single: also light
camping wagon for sale, cheap. 532 Mission.
DISSECTING subjects wanted. S. P. Vet.
Col.. 510 G. G. ave.. Dr. K. J. CTceiy. dean.
HOSPITALS.
MENTAL and nervous diseases cared for at Sao
Elmo Hospital. ?3O Douglas* »t.. San IHran.
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list houses to let: send for dr-
cnlar. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
125—6 LARGE sunny rooms; bath. 930 Guerrero
St., opposite Hill.
HOUSES TO USTV t'l'RMSHED.
A SUNNY cottage, 6 rooms, bath, piano,
chickens, fruit trees; Alameda; % block from
station. A. M. SPECK & CO.. 667 Market.
LOST A.ND KOf.VD.
LOST, strayed or stolen— Small bay mare and
red-gear business buggy. McCue spring, from
junction of Market and California sts. : buggy
reach broken where it Joins hind axle. Notify
police station or A. C. CAMPBELL, 524 2d St.
LOST— Bundle of tobacco revenue stamps; no
value to anybody; return to 214 Fremont st.
and receive reward. II. BOHL3 & CO.
LOST— Bet. Turk and Larkin or Sutter and Lar-
kin sts., pair of gold-rimmed spectacles, Oct.
5; reward of $2 50 by calling at 1015A Post st.
LOST — Gold-rimmed red cameo fob charm.
Liberal reward by returning to SE. cor. of
Second and Bryant sts.
xLOST— Saturday, fox terrier: brown head; black
spot near tall. Reward. 212 Leavenworth st.
LOST — Small Ions- haired terrier dog: name
Prince; reward. 2904 Twenty- fourth st.
IT will pay to "Remember;* that the Califor-
nia Watch Case Co.. 220 gutter St.. needs old
gold and silver to make new watch cases.
MATTRESSES A.N'D PILLOWS.
TO order, also cleaned and sterilized, uphol-
stery: Al carpet cleaning; honest work guar-
anteed. HOPKE BROS.. 411 to 415 Powell St.;
tfl: Bush 421.
MIXES A,\D MIMXO.
EO YOU J "WANT"TO MAKE MONET? " ""
If you do. buy some stock in the Homestake
Gold Mining Co. at 30c per share, on install-
ment; limited number shares for sale: price
will be advanced to 40c per share November 1;
prospectuses mailed on application
HOMESTAKE GOLD MINING CO..
/ C01 California st.. San Franclaco, CaL '
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No charge un-
less successful. Room 310, 927 Market st.
COLUMBIAN Law and Collection Agency, room
85. 916 Market. Advice free; tel. Red 5211,
COTTAGES TO LET.
$18— LOVELY sunny cottage ;' cor. Cumberland
and Dolores sts. f modern.
"T SPIRITUALISM.
C. V. MILLER'S world's greatest, most famous
materializing medium; come, see your spirit
friends face to face, speaking to them as in
life; seances Sunday, Tuesday and Friday, 8
p. m. 1084 Bush St.; 50c.
BROCK WAY'S psychic seance Sunday, Tues-
day, Wednesday, Thursday, Fri., 8:15 p m. ;
25c. 299 Hyde, cor. Eddy; phone Hyde 2564.
A-lIRSj, DR. FARNHAM, , spiritual medium
and life reader; mining a specialty; cir. Sun.,
Wee", and Friday evenings. 1035 Market st.
PROF. JOHN J. HULTHEN, clairvoyant,
palmist and card reader; reveals past, pres-
ent, future; 50c. 1007% Market St., near Sixth.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, bus. medium;
life reader; medical, clairvoyant; sittings, $1;
letter, $2. 1164 O'Farrell St.; Ellis car.
MRS. HUBBARD, 109 Oak St.; circles Tuesday
and Friday, 8 p. m.; Wednesday, ladies, 2:30
p. m., 10c; readings daily, 50c.
PROF. GEE, 108 Sixth— Circle every night ex-
cept Sunday; readings dally, 10c.
MRS. LESTER, circles Sun., Tues. and Tours. ,
8 p. m.; 10c; readings daily. 148 Sixth, r. 12.
Mustafa— Egyptian materializing seance, Sun.,
Wed., Fri.. 8 p.m., 50c; sittings dally. 1610 Bush.
HARMACHEIS, greatest living occult medium,
healer; read.; treatments daily. 332 O'Farrell.
EARLE. Independent slate writer; 328 Ellis; tel.
Polk 1601; seance Tues.. Thurs., Sun., 8 p. m.
FRIENDSHIP Hall, 335 McAllister— Mrs. C J.
Meyer; sittings daily; test to all to-night. 10c.
CLAlRyOYAKTS.
MME. M bIsRNARDv' ~ ' '
THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently
located at 17 Third st, next Examiner bldg. She
reads your life correctly, gives an accurate de-
scription of the past, reveals the present hap-
penings and portrays events to occur in the fu-
ture. If you are in trouble, discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied in life, or have domes-
tic, love or business troubles, consult this" great
medium and you will be told how to overcome
them. Valuable advice in all affairs of life;
25c up; perfect satisfaction guaranteed.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the well-known trance
medium. Is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
ket st., corner Golden Gate ave., rooms 25 and
26; take elevator. Perfect satisfaction guar-.
anteeil by mail; send stamp for pamphlet
with special terms. Daily and Sunday.
A-LINCOLN. CLAIRVOYANT, ~
HIGH PSYCHIST.
The most wonderful clairvoyant on the coast;
ho succeeds when others fall; permanently lo-
cated at 125 Turk St.; readings by mail.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil — second sight;
diagnoses disease with life reading; ladles 50c;
gents $1; palm, and clalr. sit. $1 50. 126 Turk.
ISMAR, the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 1148 Market, op-
posite Sixth; private readings daily, 10 a. m.
to 5 p. m. Sundays from 10 to 12 a. m.
MISS M. WILLE, greatest of all crystal seers;
reads your life correctly; tells past, present,
future, full names given ;sittlngs 50c326A Ellis.
MME. HANSEN, card reader and palmist, tells
past, present and future. 25c. 148 Sixth, r. 14.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader; ladies
25c. gents 50c; readings daily. 132 Sixth St.
MRS. E. L. DAVIS, the great clairvoyant
card reader; ladies 25c. gents 50c. 28 Sixth st.
MRS. MALLORY. spiritual card reader: send
stamp for cir.; L., 25c; G., 50c. 917 Howard.
CLAIRVOYANT card reader from Louisiana;
only 10c; from 1 to 8. 262 Minna St., nr. Fourth.
FORTUNE telling by cards; gentlemen $1.00.
ladies 50c. 502 O'Farrell, cor. Jones, rm. 4.
MRS. MELVILL, well known clairvoyant, water
reader. 11 6th; German spoken; tel Jessie 1563.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant. reader;palmistry;_
truth or no pay; 23c- 1149 Mission, over stors.
MME. SCHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader;
sittings dally. 448^4 Jessie St.. bet. 5th and 6th.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
\u25a0WHEN you become disgusted with poor worft
send to SPAULDING'S pioneer Carpet-beat-
lng Works, 353-357 Tehama St.; tel. South 40.
CARPETS beaten or laid. 3c per yard. CHAS.
PARRY. 1511% Market st. ; phone Mint 1A5.
AMERICAN Carpet-beating Works— Cleaning,
3c;renovated;relaid. 105 14th st. ;tel.Capp 2542.
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co., 402 Sutter st..
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO., Prop.
MODERN CO.; steam cleaning, 4c; laying;
cleaning on floor. Phone Mint 301: 923 Mission.
RUDOLPH & CO., carpet- beating- works ;prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison; tel. Mission 263.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-cleaning Works,
333 Golden Gate ave.: telephone East 126.
CITY Steam Carpet-beating Works, G. H.
STEVENS. Mgr.. 3S-40 8th St.; tel. South 250.
J. E. MITCHELL. Carpet-cleaning and Reno-
vating Co.. 240 Fourteenth st.: tel. Mission 74.
DENTISTS. .
A— DR. T. S. HIGGINS, 927 Market~streer
Emma Spreckels building. Reasonable prices
for painless dentistry; -pure gold filling $1 50;
artificial teeth, on plate, look natural and
guaranteed, $5 up; a good metal plate $15;
gold and porcelain crowns, $5 to $10; teeth
Without plate; painless extraction.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Mar-
ket St., cor. 4th. rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
$3 50 up; plates, extractions free, $4 50 up; of-
fice hours, 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sundays, 9 to
2 p. m. J. W. THATCHER. M. D., Manager.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns,' plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions or fillings by my
wonderful secret, painless method; 20 years'
experience; no students; advice free; prices
clearest and guaranteed: lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st.
A— NEW unbreakable plate, the Rose Pearl,
warranted for 20 years; crowns, $3 50; fillings,
EOc; plates, $5, full set; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth.
AT Ideal Dental Co., 6 Eddy st.— AVork done
on weekly installments; lowest rates.
YOU can save 40 per cent on dental work by
going to DR. BROWN, 54 Sixth st. "
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush-
Full set of teeth, $1; crowns, $3; fillings, 25c.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. l£ g!
N YOUNG. 1S41 Polk st.
"DR. R. L. WALSH, 815% Geary.nr. Larkin— Pain-
less extraction 50c t ; plates $5 up; Phone Polk 1135,
DR. H. G. TRUMAN, dentist, third floor. Ex-
aminer building; formerly in Murphy bids-
DOG HOSPITALS.
DR. CREELY'S C. P. dog soap by druggists
or at the Hospital. 510 Golden Gate ave.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
MCDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School-
Class rates; patterns cut. 1019 Market st.
FRENCH accordion and knife pleating. WM.
PILGER. 121- Post, over O'Connor & Moffatt.
EDUCATIONAL. ~~
AYRES' Leading Business College, 723 Market—
$8 per month; $50 life scholarship guarantees a
complete business education; shorthand, typ-
ing, bookkeeping, arithmetic, penmanship,
spelling, Spanish, etc.; experienced . teachers ;
new typewriters; positions secured; cat, free.
A LAW DEPARTMENT of the Night School
for men at the Y. M. C. A. opens Tuesday,
Oct. 1; tuition $50 a year; three nights a week;
prospectus now ready; registration open; in-
Btructor. Geo. H. Boke of Jurisprudence dept,
HEALD'S School of Mines, 24 Post st, S.'F~^
Thorough courses; complete equipment; all
subjects pertaining to mining and mining en-
glneerlng; day and night. .
A — The official reporters of the Supreme Court ad-
vise their friends to attend the GALLAGHER-
MARSH COLLEGE. Is tuls advice worth
following? Life scholarship $50; catalogue*.
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, Taw and medical
colleges; references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
HEALD'S School of Electrical Engineering-
Theory, demonstration, construction; labora-
tory and shop work; thoroughly practical;
day and night. 24 Post st., San Francisco.
CALIFORNIA Business College; most thorough
modern methods; positions for all graduates-
m-w 60-page -Catalogue free. 305 Larkln st.
ACTING, elocution, specialties, Hallett School,
associated with theatrical agency securing
positions. Alcazar building. 120 O'Farrell st.
MERRILL-MILLER College — Shorthand, typ-
ing, practical bookkeeping. Rooms 40-45. Par-
rott bldg.; individual instruction; catalogue.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec, mining, mech.sur-
vey. assay, cyanide; day. eve. ; est. 1S64. Van-
der Nalllen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City HalL
BOOKKEEPING, figures; the one man who per-
fects beginners, college graduates & bookkeep-
ers is TARR, the expert. 220 Parrott building.
SPANISH. French, etc Prof. DeFllippe' s Academy
otLanguages,320Post;.estab'd 1871; ablest profs.-
SPANISH lessons 'given, by a native .Spanish
teacher; translations. 513 McAllister st.
_EDUCA^TIOKAL-^_cmtU»aed._^J^_
A FULL course of Ellis bookkeeping and the
Gregg shorthand costs only $60. San Fran-
cisco Business College. 1236 Market st.
WANTED — Good mandolin players for select
club, and violinist, etc., for amateur orches-
tra. S. F. Conservatory, S01 Jones st. '
Chicago Business College, 1435 Market, nr.'lOth—
Pitman shorthand, typing, bookkeeping. $6 mo.
MARY P. WESTHAUS, piano, mandolin, guitar
lessons, 50c; piano for practice. 39 Fifth st.
VAUDEVILLE School of Acting— Pupils pre-
pared for, the stage. 125 Mason St.
ACTING— Send to Grand Opera-House for cir-
cular of Grand Opera-house School of Acting.
PROF. L. MERKI, experienced teacher; violin,
mandolin, guitar; juvenile class. 1008 Mission.
ILLUSTRATION— PARTINGTON'S DAY and
ILLUSTRATION— night class. 424 Pine st.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post St., S. F.;
founded 1863; new '80-page catalogue free.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc. ; day or eve. ; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
JAPANESE
cooks, waiters and house servants. GEO.
AOKI & CO., 421 Post St.; tel. Bush 135.
JAPANESE Intelligence Office— Furnish most
reliable help. E24 Bush St.; teL Bush 518.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese. Chi-
• nese help. 426 Powell, nr. Sutter; tel.Black 5072.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
flce; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 5138.
EMPLOYMENT M ANTED FEMALE.
DRESSMAKER— Stylish and perfect fitter de^
sires engagements in families or at home; la-
dles' tailoring a specialty. 613 Post St., near
Mason. • ...
YOUNG lady would like a position as cash-
iers 5 years' experience; flrst-class refer-
ences. Address box 1031, Call office.
RESPECTABLE woman, good cook, will go
short distance in country; likes children; has
good references; $25 to $30. 746 Mission St.
MIDDLE-AGED woman wishes light house-
work or taking care of an old lady. Apply 2
Hampton court, off Harrison, bet. 2d and 3d.
YOUNG lady would like position at shorthand
and. typewriting; experience main object. Ad-
dress "Stenographer," Fruitvale.
A— SWEDISH girl wishes position to do general
housework. 1209B Florida st., nr. 24th.
LADY would like towels and napkins to wash
at home. MRS. THIEDE, 102 Mission St.
GERMAN girl 15 years old wants a place a*
second girl. Apply at 71SV£ Bryant St., nr. 5th.
SITUATION wanted in private family by com-
petent colored man and wife.. Call at 253
Jessie st. near Fourth.
A REFINED woman wants position as assist-
ant bookkeeper or in stationery or book store;
references. Box H>94. Call office.
A REFINED, educated young woman would
like position as housekeeper or lady's com-
panion; experience with sickness; references.
Address box 1097. Call office.
PLAIN sewing and mending. 502 O'Farrell St.,
corner Jones, room 4.
YOUNG lady graduate of Heald's Business Col-
lege wishes position as bookkeeper and type-
writer (no shorthand) ; wages no object. Ad-
dress Q. HARRISON, 10% Patton st.
JAPANESE, honest and faithful girl, with ref-
erence, wishes situation to help cook and
do housework in the city; small family.
Box 1070, Call office.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third »t.. near Mar-
ket — 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 SO to
$6 week; convenient and respectable; free
'bus and baggage to and from ferry. •
EMPLOYMENT WASTED MALE.
WANTED — By a miner of 2S years' active ex-
perience,' a foremanship in Southern Califor-
. nia, Mexico or South America; uses no in-
toxicants; is a man of family; American
bom; speaks Spanish and Norwegian also;
special attention paid to development of new
•properties. Address "Miner," box 1033, Call.
SITUATION ' wanted by active and industrious
elderly man to do chores and make himself
. generally useful; understands care of horse3
and-.lriving; good milker and plain gardener;
reference; city or country. Address JOHN,
box. 914. Call office.
YOUNG married man wants position in whole-
sale house; can do any kind of work; has
had 5 years' experience as stockkeeper and
weighmaster; best of reference. S. A. NOR-
QUIST, -Winchester Hotel, city.
WANTED — By an old gentleman, healthy
and temperate, light work in rooming house
cr private family. Address L. S. CLOSE,
641 Commercial Et. .
FIRST-CLASS coachman, single, for private
family,' steady and fine all-around man; very
best references and personal from last em-
ployer. Address this week. M. M.. 221 Sixth.
PAINTER, paper-hanger and whitener, handy
with carpenter tools, • needs employment;
wages reasonable; no objection to the coun-
.try. Address Box 919, Call.
BY young man (27), position about hotel ele-
vator, pantry, porter or anything. Box 922,
Call office. . s,
SITUATION by young man as coachman and
gardener; can milk; handy with tools. Box
J.072, Call office.
ACTIVE, intelligent young man wants situa-
tion in city; no canvassing. Address box
1032, Call office.
A GROCERY clerk, 5 years' experience, would
like to hear of a place; Al reference. Lox
927, Call.
MIDDLE-AGED man would like position a3
teamster; good driver. 1667 Atlantic St., Oak-
land.
DRUG clerk; student with experience; after-
noons; reference. Box 1034, Call.
FIRST-CLASS barber wants situation in the
country. Box 1038. Call office.
OLD engineer and machinist wishes work;
Email wages. Address box 924, Call Office.
MECHANIC, first-class vise hand for small
accurate work, expert flier, best references,
seeks employment. Box 1036, Call office.
YOUNG German with some experience desires
position in grocery or hotel. C. P.. 201 Mont-
gomery ave..
WATCHMAN of experience wants work; city
or country*; highest references. Box 1045, Call.
POSITION after school hours and Saturdays by
student. Box 1069. Call office.
YOUNG married man wishes position in coun-
try or city as plumber and tinner; 8 years'
experience. Box 1068, Call office.
MAN familiar with the city wants to drive and
care for one or two horses. Box 1096, Call.
WANTED— Position before and after school
hour3 by medical student. Box 1057, Call.
STEADY, sober, industrious man with good
references wishes permanent employment in
institution or with a company as watchman
or any other position where he can be use-
ful; Is handy with any kind of tools; good ac-
countant; not afraid of work. Box 1015. Call.
RELIABLE man wants position as Dorter in
\u25a0 commission house; best of reference; can fur-
nlsh security bond If necessary. Box 533, Call.
A GENTLEMAN, honest, reliable, with best
reference, wants- collecting to do. Box 046,
Call office.
FIRST-CLASS house cleaning and laundry
work by the day. CHARLIE, 20 Prospect
place.
COLLEGE student would like position wit,h
architect tojearn draughting. Box 1010, Call.
FIRST-CLASS Japanese, handy at any wcrk,
wishes Job; speaks good English. SUYAS-
HIMA, S07 Polk st.
JAPANESE boy wishes position as waiter at
table; city or country. HOMA, 1010 Pine at.
EXCHANGE. - ,__ _ ~
SHIP owners— Exchange $8000 equity city front
property for small steamboat. P. O. box 478,
Santa Cruz.
MODERN 10-room house; East Oakland; very
accessible. Box 902, Call.
FINANCIAL.
COMPANIES oromoted and financed: stock
taken in payment for services; good mining
and industrial propositions wanted; gold
bonds furnished. PACIFIC STATES MINING
AND INVESTMENT CO.. 326 Post st.
PACIFIC Coast Underwritine Co. (Inc.)— We
'have 42 offices in operation; new method of
placing stocks and bonds; companies incor-
porated; stocks and bonds underwritten. Call
or address main office. 507-8-9 Parrott bldg.
KLATil 'I'O LET.
$32 50-726 Shrader st., near Haight; brand new
upper flat of 6 rooms and bath; never occu-
pied; handsomely tinted and decorated;
. plenty of light and sun: select neighborhood.
LYON & HOAG, 114 Montgomery St.
A— SUNNY new flat of 7 rooms; open plumb-
ing; reduced rent. 2414' Van Ness ave., near
Union st. \
A— $10— SUNNY bay window flat; 3 rooms, yard.
821 Valencia St., near Nineteenth, third floor.
PIERCE. 230— Lower flat of 6 rooms and bath;
rent $18.
MODERN flat, 5 rooms; large closets, stable
4 stalls; $27. 377 Shotwell st.
NEW sunny lower flat, 7 rooms; modern, up-to-
date. See 1 to 5 daily. Van Ness and Union.
SUNNY 8-room; 2 kitchens; corner bay win-
dow; middle; modern. .Key 417VJ Third st.
$25 — NEW 7-room upper flat, yard, basement.
Inclosed porch. 4008 Eighteenth, nr. Castro.
BUSIXESS CTTANCES— - Crtn .tlnriv' A*^
*13 ROOMS on O'Farrell St.; cheap; price $650.
12 rooms on Second st. ; great bargain; price
$225.
'21 rooms on Eddy st. ; great bargain.
20 rooms on Sutter St.; price $800.
Houses, any part of city, to be sold In our
office under a thorough investigation; for any
line of business call at our office, 1016 Market
St.. opposite Fifth. McBRIDE & CO.. Real
Estate and Auctioneers.
PHOTO gallery; best location on Market St.;
long lease; flrst-class business; cause of sale,-'
other business. Mitchell & Co.. 12C6 Market.,
SALOON; all new fltted up; good stock; rent
$45; good business; must sell; leaving city; ln-
vestlgate. MITCHELL & CO., 12C6 Market st.
A— $190— BEAUTIFUL Market-st. cigar stand,
netting $2 50 daily: sacrificed; account
rheumatism. Ask HEDGES BROS.. 410 Par-
rott buildinj.
FOR SALE— A well fitted up saloon on Market
St.. near City Hall; will be sold at a bargain;
no agents. Apply at McLeod & Hatze, 515
Market st.
"MINERAL water business" with good estab-
lished trade; party leaving city. Call bet. 3
and 4:30 p. m.. 1123 Howard st.
•FOR SALE— Old established good paying busi-
ness; will sell half or whole Interest; first-
class bargain. Address Call office. Oakland.
i SALOON, with room, near city front, for sale.
Apply 517 Jackson st.
$1000— PARTNER wanted for dyeing and laun-
dry business. 1421 . Point Lobos ave.
I WANT to buy a grocery and bar; good, clean
stock. Box 311. Call office.
RESTAURANT— Cheap. 410 Kearny St.; other
business; must sell; make offer. •
$425— PARTNER in fine saloon; select business
locaUon; could not be better; a grand .open-
ing for a steady man; not necessary to have
all the money. Business Board Trade, 326 Pine.
$15 PER month; best amLoldest blacksmith
shop in California; everything complete;
work all year around; good chance for live
man. Business Board of Trade. 326 Pine st.
FOR SALE— The Call agency In Santa Cruz;
price $1200.
IJOO AND $350— Fine opportunity to Invest In
established blacksimth business: price In each
case covers stock, tools and good-will. Ad-
dress box 2S3. Call effice.
$2000 WILL take a. good country hotel; short
distance from city; good business. Further
information address box 1044, Call office.
WANTED— Parties to take shares in a rich
gold mine and help develop. 321% Turk St.,
12 to 2 d. m.
SALOON for sale— On account of sickness of
owner; good trade. Apply to GEO. D.
SHEARER & CO.. San .Rafael, Cal.
DELICATESSEN; established several years;
paying monthly profit of $250; will teach buyer
business: price $1500. Box 1002. Call office.
PARTNER wanted in bakery business; good
opening to right man. 321 Ellis Bt.
SALOON for sale; opposite the ferry. HI East
St., north of Market.
PARTY with $225, interest in great local the-
atrical success. Box 1060, Call office.
FOR sale — Restaurant, 416 Third street.
WANTED — Good butcher to rent an old estab.
paying shop. Cor. Geary and Devisadero.
FOR SALE— A good paying restaurant. Apply
210 Tcwnsend St., near Third.
$50— BRANCH bakery, candy, notions, laundry,
suitable for lady. 437 Fulton st.
RESTAURANT for sale cheap; outfit good. Ap-
ply at 9 Dniam st. .
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALES.
H. C. DECKER'S OFFICE. 1020 Market St., Is
HEADQUARTERS FOR BARGAINS
IN LODGING-HOUSES
HOTELS, FLATS
.'.. AND PRIVATE HOMES
ALL SIZES AND PRICES
8 rooms on Mission $275
9 rooms; fine corner 325
24 rooms; the best 3000
12 rooms; large yard 1500
17 rooms; transient 1050
40 rooms; boarding 6000
9 rooms; fine location 125
Boarding-house; 9 rooms 650
17 rooms; fine corner 1350
6D rooms: apartment house 4200
"-room flat on McAllister .4 225
8 rooms; corner; fine yarjj 350
10 rooms: new; elegant: clears $150 1500
MONEY TO LOAN ON ANY HOUSE.
19 rooms on one floor 900
8 rooms: fine yard 350
10-room house; fine location 425
24 rooms; on Geary st 1300
100 rooms; clears $350; payments to suit... 6000
16 rooms; transient: only $400 cash 750
42 rooms; clears every month $300 1600
5 rooms; fiat; near City Hall 350
18 rooms; on Sixth St.; clears $S0 800
24 rooms; on Market st; clears $150 1600
18 rooms; corner; just like home 1300
10 rooms; on Mason St.; new 750
32 rooms; offices; clears $250 3500
21 rooms: $C00 cash, balance payments 1250
ABSTRACTS FREE WITH EVERY HOUSE.
FRENCH AND GERMAN SPOKEN.
H. C DECKER. 1C20 Market: tel. Mint 796.
ATTENTION, BUYERS:
HEADQUARTERS FOR ROOMING-HOUSES
Any of the following on monthly payments:
24-room workingrman's house; cheap rent. $500
6- room flat: all rented 225
42 rooms; grand halls; fine income 2600
M rooms; transient; clears ?125 600
20 rooms; fine furniture; see this bargain.
21 rooms; $500 cash, balance payments...'. 1000
50 rooms; rent $100. clears $250 1500
100 rooms; grand corner; clears $400 6000
70 rooms; modern; clears $250 4000
12 rooms; Turk st.; all rented 325
CALL. WE CAN SUIT YOU.
11 rooms; desirable location 450
24 rooms; Geary St.; payments 1900
15 rooms; Sutter St.; central 500
MONEY LOANED Phone John 531
A. H. RETSLOFF. 906 Mrkt., cor. Ellis, r. 12.
A. CAMERON & CO.. — — -
850 Market St. and 8 Stockton St.,
Rooms 21. 22 and 23. Phone Bush 328.
See our list of bargains.
44 r.; rent $120; good fur. and carp.;
apar£ menta $3000
26 r.; rent $90; cor.; elegant fur 8000
19 r.; rent $75; Al location; pays well 120(
18 r. ; rent $55; oak & wain, fur.; clears $60 800
15 r. ; rent $60; good fur. and carpets fc5<
11 r. ; rent $40; oak fur.: boarders; good.. 100(
12 r.; rent $65; cor.; Al loc; clears $32.. 90(
10 r.; rent $35; partly furnished 40(
8 r.; rent $40; Fillmore; 2 flats; oak fur.. 350
Over 500 houses listed. Call before buying.
MARION GRIFFIN, 719 Market et., rms. 1 & 2.
Office near Call building.
Business is booming — he has 4 salesmen.
He has money to loan— payable rpo. or yearly.
• Every day he gets from 5 to 10 new houses.
Call for free list; see these samples:
9 rms.; central; full; rent $28: % cash $200
10 rms.; flat: rent $25; clears $40 month... 450
15 rms.; Sutter St.; rent $28; a snap o00
IS rms.; rent $38: clears $30 every month. 700
23 rms.; wife sick; rent $45; clears $30 600
26 rms.; elegant ; clean; rent $90; clears $30 1600
19 rms.; hotel; -clears $2000 every year 1500
53 rms.; a cor. house of "Victoria Flats". 3000
THE DONALD INVESTMENT CO.
£M Market st Tel. Davis 2S1
Rooming houses and. hotels; all sizes, all
prices ana all locations; list yours with us if
you want to sell.
Houses sold on easy payments; money
loaned at lowest rates; vacant houses furn-
ished. Call and see our BIG list of BIG
bargains. It's too BIG to publish.
WINSTON & WOLF. 3026 Market.
Photograph Gallery Entrance.
IS rooms; rent $37 50: price $£0!
i 28 rooms; rent \u25a0$."<"); price., 900
14 rooms; rent $39; price. 7C0
34 rooms; rent $C7 50; price 1300
19 rooms; cheap r*>nt 850
27 rooms: rent $65; price 1050
ATTENTION '.—Buyers will find it to their ad-
vantage to call and examine list of FISHER
6 CP-, S35 Market St., phone Folsom 1592.
34 t~. $1400 22 r $S00 16 r. $800
20 r 1150 20 r 800 14 r 450
15 r 1CO0 r 600 12 r 403
15 r 700 . 8 r 350 10 r 400
8 r,\ E50 6 r 225 7 r 223
WHEN YOU WANT
A ROOMING-HOUSE OR HOTEL
GO TO
< WALLACE.
HE DOES NOT MISREPRESENT FACTS.
• M. K. B. WALLACE, Real Estate Broker,
COLUMBIAN BUILDING, ROOM 73
316 MARKET ST. PHONE JAMES 13*61.*
R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny, rooms 9 and 10.
We have about 300 houses enlisted and great
bargains; come and see our list and we know
we can satisfy you ; houses to trade, to ex-
change and moneys loaned; don't forget the
office, it is 26% Kearny St.. rooms 9 and 10.
TEN rooms; Sfltter; worth $1000; rent $55.. $750
14 rooms; Geary; flrst-class; oak f urn.. 1250
18 rooms; rent $35; fine velvet carpets.... 1400
28 rooms, rent & water $96, half cash 2430
M. E. RIVES. 916 Market St.; tel. Main 128.
THE largest and best list of lodging-houses
and hotels can be found at office of
G. W. SCHWEINHARD, phone Mint 1911,
917 Market St.. near Fifth.
A— NOTICE— We have rooming-houses, all sizes
and prices, in all parts of the city- get our
list first. MITCHELL & CO., 1206 Market st.
$1150—17 ROOMS north of Market st. ; trial
given; money-maker. DONALD McRAE 837
Mission st.
$425— FOR SALE— Lodging-house, 14 rooms;
cheap rent; no agents. 923% Mission st.. op-
poslte Mint ave.
COME quick— House of 9 rooms; rent $20; $200
cash. F. J. DECK, 927_Market St., room 20S.
$800— ELEGANTLY furniphed flat. 9 rms.- lease;
$1000 ins. Mclaughlin & co.. 777^ Market.
CHIROPODISTS. \u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0 •
BUNIONS, corns. Ingrown nails: painless cure.
DR. DUNCAN. 106 Kearny St., room 307.terly dividend of $4 per. share, payable on the
15th inst.
The Paauhan Sugar Company has passed its
dividend for the first time since they were in
augurated In March. 1S99.
The Commercial Publishing' Company has de
clared a regular quarterly dividend .of 2 per
cent and an extra one of the same amount,
payable now.
The Red Bank Oil Company has levied an
assessment of 2c, delinquent October 22.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
TUESDAY. Oct. 8—2:30 p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS. '
Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask.
4a quar coup. ..112 112% 4s qr c <new).138H*39Vi
4s quar reg.:.112 112% 1 3s quar coup. 108 109
MISCELLANEOUS.
Bay C P C Ba.106%107 Oak Wat g 5s.lO4 lCS**
Cal-st Ss 118 • — Oceanic S9 5s.lOS4 —
C C Water Ba.lll — Omnibus C 6s.l29U —
Ed L & P 6s. — 131« Pac G Imp 4s. — 99
Fer & C H Bs. — — Pk & Cl H «s.lO3 —
Geary-st 5s .. — — Pk ft OR 6s.l21 —
H C & S 6&». - — Powll-st R 6s. — -
Do 5s SW410O Sac E G R 5s. 95 U
Los Am R 6S.117 — S F & SJV 5a.l22H134
L A Light 6b. .101%— srerra Cal 63.. — —
Do gntd 6s.. 100 — S P of Ariz 6s
Do gntd 6s. .100 1?5 (1909) 113 —
L A & Pa 58.101 102 (1910) 114 —
Do 1 c m 5s. — 123 S P of Cal Ss
Mkt-st Cab 6s. — lVS^i <1905). Ser A. — I07T4
Do 1 c m 5s. — ir:H (1905). Ser B.107% —
Nev C N G 7s— — (1906) 109 —
N R of Cal 6s.ll2%113i4 (1912) 119H —
Do 59 ia%122% S P of Cal 1st
Nor Pac C 6s.l01% — c gntd 5s ....110H —
Do 5s — 107% SPBr Cal 6S.133H134};
Nor Cal R os.lll — S V "Water 6a.lll%112'4
Oak Gas 5s. ..111% — Do 4s 103141034
Oak Trans 6s. 121 — Do 4s. 3d m.102 —
Do 1st c 5s.lll%112<4 Stktn Gas Ss.104 —
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa.. 76% 78 Port Costa ... 63 63
Marln County. 58 . — Spring Valley. 87% 83
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L & P... — — Pacific Light.. 42 —
Equitable 3% 4. Sacramento ... — 40
Mutual -~4H 5% S F G & E.... 42% 43
Oakland 50%— San Francisco. 4*4 4#
Pac Gas Imp. 39',i Wi Stktn G & E.. S —
INSURANCE.
Firem's Fund.240 — \
BANKS.
Anglo-Cal - 80 L P & A 137^180
California 405 — Mer Ex (llq).. 18 —
Cal Safe Dep..lO8% — S F National. .130 —
First Natlonl.310 —
SAVINGS BANKS. : >
German 1S93 — Sav & Loan...— —
Humboldt — — Security Sav..275 ' —
Mutual Sav.... 60 — Union Trust.. 1600 —
San Francisco. 523 —
STREET RAILROADS.
California .'....130 — iO S L & H.... 40 -
Geary — 50 [Presidio 32 —
Market 93 94 I
POWDER.
Giant 75% 76 | Vlgorit S% 4%
SUGAR.
Hana — — lKllauea 10 —
Hawaiian — 50 Makawell 26*4 —
Honokaa 10 10% Onomea. 23*i 25
Hutchlnson ... 14% 14%lpaauhau |10>4 —
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Alaska Pack.. — 144% Oceanic S Co. 40»4 -
Cal Fruit Can. 97 98 Pac Aux FA. 2% —
Cal Wine Asn. 86V4 — Pac C Borax. .165 —
Mer Exchnge.110 — Par Paint IS — -.
Morning Session.
Board
50 Hana Plantation Co 5 75
60 Market Street Railway 93 00
10 Market Street Railway 93 23
J100O Nor Ry of Cal 6 per cent bonds.. 112 73
$1000 Oceanic S S bonds 103 50
20 S F Gas & Electric Co, cash 42 87%
30 S F Gas & Electric Co 42 87»j
150 S F Gas & Electric Co 42 7»
BO S F Gas & Electric Co, s 90 42 75
$1000 S P of Arizona (1910)' 114 00
Street— i
100 Makawell ; 25 73
$5000 Oakland Water 5 per cent bonds 104 00
100 Pacific Gas Imp 39 75
Afternoon Session.
Board—
$3000 Hawaiian C & S Co 5 per cent bds. 99 50
130 Hutchinson S P Co 14 75
40 Makawell '.-* 26 53
70 Market Street Railway 93 73
10 Market Street Railway 94 00
30 Market Street Railway 93 50
50 Market Street Railway •. 92 50
$1000 Oakland Transit Co 5 per cent bds.lll 50
120 S F Gas & Electric Co 42 75
20 Spring- Valley Water, b 10 88 00
Street—
10 Contra Costa Water 77 00
$3000- Nor Ry of Cal 5 per cent bonds 121 73
PRODUCERS' OIL. EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
Board—
200 Home .. .*. » 40
25 Home 3 35
450 Lion -. . 09
800 Monarch of Arizona 22
100 Reed Crude 32
10 San Joaquin Oil & Dev 8 00
25 San Joaquin OH & Dev 8 12^
100 Sovereign 26
100 Sovereign , 27
200 Sovereign (b 30) 27
Afternoon Session.
Board — . -
100 Home (b 90) 8 43
100 Junction • 21
50 Occidental of West Virginia 40
100 Occidental of West Virginia 39
500 Oil City Petroleum 23
100 Peerless 5 12^4
10 San- Joaquin Oil & Dev 8 12%
10O Sterling (b 30) 140
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales in the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Mornln: Session.
500 Belcher 10] 300 Con Cal & Va.l S3
1500 Belcher Ill 400 Ophir 74
Afternoon Session.
1000 Belcher Ill 60 Confidence 91
100 Best & Belcher lfl 200 Ophir 173
100 Confidence 901 400 Ophir .-.. 71
60 Confidence 831 300 Union Con 13
60 Confidence 8S| 200 Yellow Jacket.. 07
Following were the sales In the Pacific Stock
Exchauffe yesterday:
Mornlns. Session.
SOO Best & Belcher 16 200 Mexican 17
100 C C & Va 1 67% 600 Potosl 07
100 C C & Va 1 65 500 Union Con ..... 15
Afternoon Session.
200 C C & Va....l 87% 100 Sierra Nevada. 17
100 Confidence 90 10O Sierra Nevada.^ 18
100 Confidence 89 200 Union Con .... 1.1
500 Hale & Norcrs. 11 200 Yellow Jacket.. OS
100 Ophir ... v 72>200 Yellow Jacket.. 07
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
TUESDAY. Oct. 8-4 p. m. "
Bld.Ask. Bld.Ask.
Alpha — 02 Justice 02 04 -
Alta 02 03 Sentuck — 02
Andes .'•- 05 06 Lady Wash 01 —
Belcher 1° 1J Mexican 18 17
Best &' Belcher -16 17 Occidental '05 06
Bullion — * 02 Ophir 72 73
Caledonia .:.... 29 SO Overman 04 - 0*
Challenge Con.. 15 16 Potosi 06 07
Chollar M 07 Sayage 10 11
Confidence 89 91 Scorpion — 04
Con Cal & Va.l 65 1 70 Seg Belcher 02 03
Con Imperial... — 01 Sierra Nevada. 16 13
Con New York. 01 — Silver Hill 31 32
Crown Point.... 06 08 St Louis 03 04
Eureka Con 14 — Standard- 3 50 —
Exchequer — \u25a0 01 Syndicate — or
Gould & Curry. 06 07 1 Union Con. ..... 12 13
Hale & Norcrs. 13 14!Utah 02 03
Julia — 02- Yellow Jacket.. 07 08
_- \u25a0 \u2666 \u25a0 . .'
A Santa Barbara (Cal.) man has over
1000 turtles, -with which he expects to
stock a "turtle^ranch" In that country.
COMMERCIAL NEWS i
Continued From Page Ten.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 9, 1901.
13
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATES.
J350C I PROPERTT FOR ?2600;
Lot- 50x140;. sunny and. convenient to cars,
schools,,- etc; almost new and In first-class
- order; 6 rooms and bath; owner has left/
Oakland on' account ' of sickness and must
sell; this is a -bargain and must be seen to
be appreciated. 1
J. S. MYERS & CO.,
1002 Broadway, Oakland.
$3000— COST of house only; lot given away.
A brand-new 7-room house; cement base-
ment; large lot; driveway; three blocks to
local train; . house opposite cost 116,000;
. charming neighborhood; terms easy; an ideal
home; street work complete; first come, first
serve. J. S. MTERS & CO.,
' 1002 Broadway,* Oakland.
J3250— TWO-STORT 7-room house; worth to
duplicate $4000; Its architectural design and
finish are of very latest and best in every de-
tail; can not be appreciated as to price, lo-
cation and style without being seen.
J. S. MTERS & CO.,
> 1002 Broadway, Oakland.
J2700— AN IDEAL 6-ROOM COTTAGE
On a sightly elevation on Vernon Heights ad-
Joining Senator Perkins; it Is a.beauty; must
be sold; lot 50 feet frontage; everything in
perfect order; in fact almost brand new; no
reserve- on this; first come, first serve.
J. S. MYERS & CO.,
\u25a0 \u25a0 1002 Broadway, Oakland.
$2500— A BANK SALE— $2500.
$100 down and easy monthly payments will
buy a cozy, nearly new modern Colonial cot-
tage of 6 rooms, bath, hall, brick foundation,
etc.. with folding doors and sanitary plumbing;
lot 30x100 feet: above the street grade, with nice
open lawn; stone walks and all street improve-
ments; insured for ?2000 and all in fine condi-
tion; electric cars in front and only a few
blocks from Adeline street station: location
very desirable: handy to schools and churches;
liberal discount for all cash. \
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO..
1 \u25a0 1003 Broadway, Oakland.
$2250 — JUST completed: cozy 5-room cottage,
high basement, brick foundation and every
modern convenience; will finish the house to
suit the buyer; large lot. sunny side; street
work all done; easy terms if desired; buyer
can have more land to extent of 100 "feet ad-
joining at a moderate price.
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO.,
. 100S Broadway, Oakland.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages. In wrapper for mailing. $1 per year.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
AN introduction to you from H. Schellhaas. the
furniture dealer, 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE].
3-ROOM house on large lot, near station;
fruit trees, windmill and tank; only $900;
easy terms.
/We are just finishing -a new up-to-date
cottage of 5 rooms and bath on a good lot,
near station: price $1500; $100 cash, balance
same as rent
'HOME REALTY CO.,
Take Berkeley train, get off at Lorln Station.
BOOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
BUSH, S99— Two and three connecting rooms
for light housekeeping; other rooms.
CLAY, 1009 — Housekeeping rooms for married
couple or two ladles.
FIFTH, 353— Furnished housekeeping; two, $12;
three, $14; three, $20; also single, $4, $5 and up.
GEARY, 1223 — 2 large sunny unfurnished rooms
for housekpg.; large yard; exclusive bath; $16.
GOLDEN GATE ave., 309— Large alcove room;
light housekeeping; no children; priv. family.
GOUGH, 437 — Light furnished rooms, sunny:
gas, bath, single or suites; light housekeeping.
HOWARD, 1063—2 completely furn. sunny con-
necting rooms; elec. lights; running water.
LARKIN, 814A — Sunny, front housekeeping
room.
LARKIN, 819%— Sunny front alcove rooms; light
housekeeping; gas stove; bath; $16 50; phone.
LEAVENWORTH. 1010—3 sunny connecting
rooms, complete for housekeeping; 2 beds.
OAK, 119—2 basement rpoms, furnished" house-
kpg. ; gas; yard; water; 2 beds; $10; room, $7.
POLK. 1002—3 and 5 room suites, completely
\u25a0furnished for housekeeping: cheap: reference.
TENTH. 123, near Market— Large sunny front
rooms and single; housekeeping; reasonable.
TENTH, 308 A — 3 sunny housekeeping rooms;
bath; gas range; no children. "• fc ;
THE BELL, 1773 Market— Sunny double par-
lors with kitchen, $20; also single, $5 up.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st.
BOOMS TO LET Furn. ana Ilnfarn.
ALABAMA, 923— A nice sunny r<5bm; one or two
gentlemen.
ARGYLE, 234 McAllister— New, elegant, sunny;
, grill attached; country visitors find no place
like the Argyle; take McAlllster-st. cars.
A-BRUNSWICK HOUSE,. 148~Slxth-Rooms,
25c to $1 per night; $1 25 to $5 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all . night. "
AT Shasta House, 246 Third— 200 rooms; newly
renovated; 25c to 75c, $1 to $3. week.
A NICE sunny suite; also single rooms; neat,
clean and cheap; bath; tel. 332 Stockton st.
BURNETT, 1426 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-'
nlshedrms., suites, single; also unfurnished.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, corner Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
EUGENE; 265 O'Farrell — New house, fireproof;
new furniture: electric elevator; 25 private
suits with bath; baths free; first-class.
ELLIS, 606 — Nice sunny rooms; suitable for one,
or two gentlemen.
GEARY, 405, The Navarre— Elegantly furnished
suites and single ; travelers accommodated.
GOLDEN GATE ave., 727— Handsomely furn-
ished, sunny room; bath; gas; private;
reasonable.
HOTEL ST. DENIS (European plan),- 24 Turk
St., near Market— Central location; new build-
ing; elegantly furnished; strictly first-class;
50c per day and upward; special rates by th«
week or month; best in the city; references;
take Market-st. cable cars to Turk st.
HOWARD 1018—1 large sunny front room with
gas, use of kitchen if wanted; also a small
back room; cheap.
HOWARD, 1072—3 rooms in the rear house, $8.
JONES, 923— Elegant sunny rooms; also beau-
tiful corner suite; single rooms.
" MARTINET, 1101 Geary, one door, above Van
Ness— Suites new fur.; single rooms, $10 up.
MINNA. 667, corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room. $1 per week; transient.
NEW ARLINGTON*, 1015 Market st.
O'FARRELL, 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; elec. lights; day, week, mo.
POWELL, 131, near 'Baldwin lot— Sunny rooms
to let.
ROYAL House, ' 126 Ellis — Incandescent light;
reading-room, smoking-room and ladies' par-
lor; rooms, per night, .35c to $1 50; week, $2 to
$8; month, $3 to $20; elevator on ground floor;
rooms with hot and cold water; baths.-
SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth St.,
near Market — Furnished or unfurnished. -
SIXTH, 523— Newly furnished sunny front and
back rooms in private family, $5 month up.
SUTTER 320% (The Stanford)— Suites from $3
to $7; singles, $2 to $5 per week; transient.
TATLOR. 504— Sunny front rooms; suitable for
2 gentlemen. '
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st. -
' ROOMS AND BOARD.
HOTEL Lambourne— Strictly high class; most
elegantly furnished; reasonable In price;
suites and single rooms; board optional. 420
Eddy Bt., near Leavenworth.
THE Crocker, 915 Leavenworth— Fine sunny
rooms, single and en suite; beautiful grounds.
NEWLT fur. suite or single rooms with 1st
class board for couple or gentlemen: Jewish
family; desirable location; central. - 1099, Call.
THE CECILERNE, 930 Van Ness ave.
HOTEL Las Palmas, 1820 Market— Suite 2 or 3
'rooms, bath; board optional; single . rooms.
HOTEL Repeller, 781 Sutter— Newly furnished;
excellent table; special rates to tourists..
O'FARRELL, 605 (Johnson House)— Exception-'
ally fur, suites; beautiful grnds; table -board.
CALIFORNIA, 807 (Stevenson mansion)— Select
family hotel; exceptional table; attractive rms.
ROOMS AXD BOARD \ WANTED.
GENTLEMAN, wife and three children, rooms
and board near Golden Gate Park; or with
yard for privileges for children. Reply «lm-
medlately, box 903. Call. :
ROOMS WANTED. '
WANTED— By lady student, in respectable fam-
ily, housekeeping room, attic floor; soon pos-
sible; permanent if satisfactory. Address,
box 916, Call, ......
HOUSEKEEPING room, moderate rent, want-
ed by respectable, middle-aged lady. Box
923. Call office. . »
TWO or 3 furnished rooms; light housekeeping*;
lady and daughter; north of Sutter st Box
552. Call. ' '
WANTED— Room In best neighborhood; plenty
of sun and first-class board. Address box
' 2329. Call office. Oakland.
RUPTURE SANITARIUM.
HUNTER^S^ 1206
Market; treatment free; $100 paid for any truss
as good as our new double lever rupture holder.
SPECIAL NOTICK9.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery St., rooms 9-10; tel. 55S0.
DISEASES and ailments of men treated; con-
sultatton free. American Dispensary. EH Pine.
SEWING MACHINES AND SUrPLIBJS.
ALL kinds bought, sold and repairing guaran-
teed. Chas. Plambeck, 1915 Mission, nr. 15th.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
_ pairing; lowest rates. Tel. Black 1124, 205 4th.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
pairlng; lowest rates; phone Mint 45. 145 6th.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES. !
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.,
office Post and Powell sts.; tel. Main 5713.
GOLDEN "WEST Storage Warehouse. 840 Mls-
slon st; tel...Howard 941. F. W. ZEHFUSS.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
\u25a0 pany, 2320 Fillmore St.; phone Jackson 281.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., 722 Mission St.;
tel. Main 1810* shipping at cut rates.
TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES.
greatTbargains in~ttpewriters— we
sell .better machines for less money than any
house in the city; rentals, $3. The Typewriter
Exchange. 536 California; telephone Main 266.
"WEBSTER Typewriter Inspection Co. — Expert
typewriter doctors; estimate free. 209 Sansome.
TYPEWRITERS. 2d-hand, all makes, at low
figures. L. & M. ALEXANDER, 110 Montg'y.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.' -
OFFICE of the Contra Costa Water Company,
room 16, second floor. Mills bldg., San Fran-
cisco, October 8, 1901— Dividend No. 193 of 42
cents per share on the capital stock of the
Contra Costa Water Company will be pay-
able at the office of said company, room 16,
second floor, Mills bldg., on October 15.
1901. Transfer books will close on October
• 10, 1901, at 3 p. m.
EDWARD McGARY, Secretary.
OFFICE of Sierra Railway Company of Cali-
fornia, room 177, Crocker building, San Fran-
cisco, Cal., October 7, 1901 — Coupon No. 9,
due October 12, 1901. from first mortgage 6
per cent bonds of Sierra Railway Company
of California, will be paid at the fiscal agency
of this company, the Crocker-Woolworth
National Bank, on and after that date.
. S. P. FRESHMAN, Treasurer.
DIVIDEND notice— The Giant Powder Com-
pany, Con.— A dividend, No. 34, of aeventy-
flvo cents (75c) per share on the issued capi-
tal stock of the company has been declared
payable at the office of the company, 435
California st., San Francisco, on October 10,
1901. Transfer books close October 3, 1901, at
noon. A. A. SPARKS. Secretary.
LEGAL ADVERTISEMENTS.
CUSTOM HOUSE, San FranclscoT^Sept 30?
1901.— Notice: Certain goods remaining one
year' in bonded warehouse will be sold at
public auction at the United States Ap-
praiser's store on the 24th of October, 3S01,
at 10 o'clock a. m. Descriptive catalogues
can be had at the Custom House on October
19, 1901, or at time and place of sale. F.
S. STRATTON. Collector.
PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS for Clothing and Equipage, Depot
Quartermaster's Office, 36 New Montgomery
Et., . San Francisco, Cal., October 8. 1901. —
Sealed proposals, in triplicate, will be re-
ceived at this office until 10 o'clock a. : m.,
Thursday, October 24, 1901, Pacific Standard
. Time, and then opened, for furnishing Cam-
paign Hats, Arctic Overshoes, Russet Shoes,
D. B. Cloth, S. B.- Kersey. Quantities to be
subject to 20 per cent increase. If desired, by
this department. Bids. will be opened for the
delivery of -the same t articles at either the
San Francisco, Boston, Chicago and Phila-
delphia Depots. To avoid misunderstanding
as to the exact nature of the articles to be
furnished, bidders will carefully examine the
standard samples specifications, so that
proposals may be submitted by them with a
full knowledge of what will be required. An
absolute compliance with standard and speci-
fications will be insisted upon in the inspec-
tion of the goods. Unguaranteed bids, and
bids upon samples differing from standard
and specifications, will under no circum-
stances be considered; proposals for' less
quantity 'than advertised for will be enter-
tained. Bids for delivery or inspection at
other points than those named above will not
be considered. Early deliveries are essential.
Bidders must state in their proposals the rate
and time of delivery should contract be
awarded to them, and that no proposition
should be made which they are not positive
that they can absolutely fulfill. The articles
advertised for. are the sameMor which bids
will be opened at the other depots. Prefer-
ence will be " civen to articles of domestic
production and manufacture, conditions of
. price and quality being equal (Including in
the price of foreign production and manu-
facture the duty thereon), and such prefer-
ence will be given to articles 6t American
production and manufacture produced on the
Pacific Coast, to the extent of the consump-
tion required by the public service there
The United States reserves the right to ac-
cept jor reject any or all proposals or any
part thereof. Information and blanks for
proposals will be furnished on application
Envelopes containing proposals will be in-
dorsed "Proposals No. 9036," and addressed
to Major C. P. MILLER, Quartermaster" U.
S. Army. Depot Quartermaster.
MABBIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday:
Charles F. Adams, 39, Portland, Or., and
Mary C. H. Cummins, 29, 101 Devisadero st
Charles D. Bentley, 40, 203 Post street, and
Laura M. Benseman, 29, 203 Post street.
Emery J. Fraser. 22, Rio Vista, and Mary E.
Upham, 23, Sherman Inland.
Antone E. Hurych. 26, Clarksburg, and Marie
Mann, 19, Clarksburs.
Henry W. Farmer, 24, Watsonvllle, and
Marie E. C. Reutter. 20, Los Banos.
Leon A. Bridinger. 24, 3369 Twenty-fifth
street, and May D. Marsh. 24, 2S77 Folsom st.
James O'Connell, 45, 513 Lyon street, and
Joanna T. Ahern, 43, city.
August Hartmann, 26, Sacramento, and
Emma Fuchs, 24, Sacramento.
Salvatore Sciacca, 22. 6 Newell street, and
Rosaria Mirabella. 17, 6 Newell street.
William J. Baker, 22, 462 1 ,6 Minna street, and
Maude M. Lux, 19, 462V4 Minna street. I .
Charles R.: Strandberg, 29, 3430 Twenty-sec-
ond street, and May Tustin, 24. 318 Taylor st.
BIRTHS-MARRMES-DEATHS,
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and b»
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized -to have the same published.
BOBN.
BROPHT— In this city. September 22, 1901, to
.the wife of Thomas E. Brophy. a son.
GREENE— In this city, October 6, 1901, , to the
wife of S. H. Greene, a son.
KNAPP— In this city, October 7, 1901, to the
wife of Charles Knapp, a daughter.
McGOULDRICK— In this city. October 6, . 1D01
to the wife of Patrick McGouldrick, a daugh-
ter. . ,-
O'LEART— In this city, October 7, 1901, to the
wife of Jeremiah O'Leary. a daughter.
VOGEL— In this city. October 7, 1901. , to the
wife of Dr. T. A. Vogel. a son.
~ MARRIED. — —
FISHER— MACKIN— In this city, October 7
1901, by the Rev. Frank S. Ford, Walter H.
Fisher and Ida May Mackin, both of San
Francisco. \u25a0 :
GOLDSMITH-WQLFF-August 24, 1901, Max
F. Goldsmith and Libbie Wolff.
ORR— PRESLEY— In this city, October 1. 1901
by the Rev. Frank S. 'Ford, Charles S. Orr
M. D., of Yreka, Cal., and Sarah Mabel
Presley of San Francisco.
DIED. - •
Barry, Irene • Limousin, Pauline
-Bettencourt, Mary C. Lindsay, Alex
Beyer, Clara E. McCormick. James
Brown, Eleanor - McCutcheon, Mary J.
Brunckhorst, Sophie Marc, Philippe • '•
Burner, Mary A. . Matos, John
Cochran, James Mltrovich. Catharine
Cooseboom, Margaret Murray, Marzaret
Fletcher. Martha P. Neunaber. Gesine ;
Flexman, Marie L. . O'Tcole. Wm. A.
Gardner, Eusrene ' Remmer, Aileen M.
Graham. Hanr«h E. Schumann. Leslie H.
Gray. Mary J. . Stulz. William
Kenny, Jcssiih 'H. Turner, Cephas
Krepper, Phillip ' . Wagner,; Victoria
Lange, Rev. A. H. Wricht. Isabella -
Levy,' Solomon
BARRY— In this city. October 8, 1901, Irene,
beloved daughter of Thomas F. and Amanda
Barry.' a native of San Francisco, aged 6
months and 28 days.
BETTENCOURT— In Alameda. October 8. 1901.
Mary Cruz, beloved wife of A. J. Betten-
court, and mother 'of George, Joseph, John.
Louis and Mary Ann Bettencourt, Mrs. Mary
Duarte, Mrs. Delphena Corderro and Mrs.
Isabella Augustine, a native of Portugal,
aged 52 years 5 months and 23 days.
BEYER— In - this city. October 8, 1901. Clara
E.. beloved daughter of Julius and Julia
Beyer, and sister of Anna Beyer, a native
of San Francisco, aged 11 months and 26
days.
BROWN-In this city. October 8. 1901. Eleanor,
dearly beloved daughter of Charles H. and
Nellie Brown, a native of San Francisco,
aged 1 year 9 months and 10 days.
BRUNCKHORST— In this city. October 8. 1901.
. Sophie, beloved wife of John H. Brunclthorst.
and mother of Mrs. M. Schneider of San
Francisco. Johannis Brunckhorst of Chicago
and Mrs. A. Guenther of Texas, a native of
Hamburg-, Germany, aged 75 years 8ononths
and 26 days. \
E?"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence
of her daughter, Mrs. M. Schneider, 824 Eddy
Btraet between Van Ness avenue and Frank-
lin street. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
BURNER— In this city, October 8. 1901. Mary
A., beloved wife of Henry Burner, and
mother of Walter B. Burner, a native of
England, aged 50 years 3 months and 13 days.
BS'-Notlce of funeral hereafter.
COCHRAN— In this city, October 8,' 1901. at
his residence, 114 Grant street. James, dearly
beloved husband of Annie T. Cochran. and
father of Robert. Agnes and Arthur Cochran.
a native of Carleton, St. John, N. B., aged
51 years.
CTNotlce of funeral hereafter.
COOSEBOOM— In this city. October 8. 1901.
Margaret Cooseboom, beloved wife of the late
Frank Cooseboom.
FLETCHER-In this city, October 8. 1901, Mar-
tha P. Fletcher, beloved daughter of George
W. and Anna JJ. Fletcher, a native of San
. Francisco, aged 15 years apd 7 months.
E7"The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Thursday), at 12 o'clock noon, from the
Church of the Advent. Eleventh street near
Market. Interment Mountain View Ceme-
tery. Oakland, by 1 o'clock creek boat.
FLEXMAN— In this city, October 8, 1901. Marie
Louise Flexman. beloved mother of Miss
Maud von Thusen. Charles von Thusen.
George and James Flexman and Mrs. R. C.
Carter, a native of Oregon, aged 51 years
4 months and 23 days. (Sacramento papers
please copy.)
GARDNER— In this city, Octobar 7, 1901. Eu-
gene, beloved husband of Marie Gardner, a
native of Mulhausen. Alsace, aged 38 years.
(Cincinnati, Ohio, papers please copy.)
(t^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 10 o'clock, from the Masonic
Temple, corner Post and Montgomery streets,
under the auspices of Fidelity Lodge No. 120,
F., and A. M. Interment Laurel Hill Ceme-
tery.
GRAHAM— In this city, October 8. 1901. Han-
nah E.. beloved wife of Anthony Graham.
\u25a0 and sister of Joseph H. and James T. Gan-
non, a native of San Francisco, aged 3-
years. ;
GRAY— In this city. October 7. 1901. at her
residence. 1237 Twentieth avenue south. Mary
Jane Gray, dearly beloved wife of William
E. Grey, a native of Huntlngton, WesJ Vir-
ginia, aged 41 years 8 months and 17 days.
C^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors
of the Gantner & Guntz Undertaking Com-
pany, 1209 Mission street, between Eighth and
Ninth. Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
KENNY— In this city. October 8. 1901, Joseph
H., beloved son of John and Mary A. Kenny,
and brother of John P.. Phil T. and William
F. Kenny, a native of San Francisco, aged
2 years 2 months and 5 days.
KREPPER— In this city, October 8. 190L Phil-
lip, beloved husband of Marie Krepoer, a
soldier of France durlne the war of 1S70, a
native of France, aged 58 years 4 months and
22 days.
IE?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 1 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 612 Franklin street. Interment St
Mary's Cemetery.
LANGE— In this city, October 7, 190L Rev.
Andreas H. Lange. beloved husband of Karen
Lange. and father of Martin O. Lange and
Mrs. Martha M. Johnsen. a native of Dram-
men, Norway, aged 40 years 6 months and 27
day,s. Pastor of the Scandinavian Lutheran
Seamen's Mission.
ty Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 1 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 136 Twelfth street, thence to Our Sa-
vior's Scandinavian Evangelical Lutheran
Church, Howard street, where services will
commence at 1:30 o'clock. Interment Mount
Olivet Cemeteryy. •
LEVY— In this city, October 7, 1901, Solomon,
beloved husband of Belle Levy,, and father
of Joseph, Louis and Sadie Levy, a native
of London, England, aged 48 years 4 months
and 8 days.
(ETFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 10 o'clock, from his late
residence, 1000 A Golden Gate avenue. Inter-
ment New Salem Cemetery, via 11:30 o'clock
train from Third and Townsend streets. \u25a0
LIMOUSIN— In this city, October 7. 1901, Pau-
line Limousin, befoved wife of C. Limousin,
mother of Charles E. Penez, sister of Mrs.
G. Gless. J. V. Bretonnel and B. P. Bosq.
and sister-in-law of A. Gless. a native of
San Francisco, aged 36 years 11 months and
19 days.
. C7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
• fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the par-
lors of Julius S. Godeau. 305 Montgomery
avenue, thence, to French Church of Notre
Dame des Victolres, where a nfass will be
said for the repose of her soul, commencing
at 11 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery. *^
LINDSEY— In this city. October 8, 1901, Alex,
beloved husband of Josephine Lindsey. and
father of Robert. Myron, Margaret, Joseph
and Virginia J. Lindsey, a member, of James
A Garfleld Post No. 34, G. A. R.. a native
of Boston, aged 58 years 10 months and 19
(CTRemains at the parlors of Porter &
White, 122 Eddy Rtreet.
McCORMICK— In this city, October 6, 1901,
James, beloved husband of Margaret A. Mc-
Cormlck. and father of Mrs. Charles Hussey.
a member of Yerba Buena Lodge No. 15.
i; O. O. F.. a native of Ireland, aged 69
years 10 months and 2S days.
(C7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 1:30 o'clock, from Odd Fel-
lows' Hall, Seventh and Market streets. In-
terment Laurel Hill Cemetery. Remains at
the parlors of the California Undertaking
Company. 405 Powell street, near Post.
McCUTCHEON— In Oakland. October 7. 1901,
Mary Jane McCutcheon, beloved mother of
Mrs. Walter Williams and John A. Mc-
Cutcheon, and sister of John, Gabriel anl
Robert Sanderson and Mrs. Catharine Stutt.
a native of Ireland, aged 58 years.
C?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
' to-morrow (Thursday), at 2 o'clock, at her
late residence, 661 Sycamore street, Oakland.
Interment Mountain View Cemetery.
MARC— In this city, October 8, 1901. Philippe
Marc, beloved husband of Flora Marc, father
of Auguste and Emelle Marc, and stepfather
of Gustave and Alfred Champreux, a native
of Paris, France, aged 63 years.
MATOS— In the City and County Hospital, Oc-
tober 8, 1901. John Matos. a native of- Cape
Verde Islands, aged 37 years.
MITROVICH— In Lustlca, Bocche di Cattaro.
September 22, 1901, Catharine, mother of
Mark L. Mltrovich.
MURRAY— In this city, October 7. 1901. Mar-
garet, relict of the late Richard Murray, and
aunt of William Regan and Mrs. Margaret
Shakespeare, a native of Sandy Cove, County
Cork. Ireland, aged 70 years and 6 months.
(£7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 9:15 o'clock, from her late
residence, 152% Clara street, thence to St.
Joseph's Church, where a solemn requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose
of her soul, commencing at 10 o'clock. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
NEUNABER— In this city October 7, 1901,
Gesine, beloved wife of the late Henry Neu-
naber, and mother of Henry, Bertha, Kmll
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
(Successor to Flannagan & Gallagher.)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMER3.
20 Fifth St.. opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 80.
JVlt. Olivet Cemetery,
Ean Mateo County.
OFFICE 8J6 MARKET STREET.
J. HENDERSON. Manager.
f jambs mcginn,
Formerly with McGinn Bfos., has opened
new Funeral Parlors at 214 Eddy St.. . bet
Taylor and Jones. Telephone South 576.
UNITED UNDERTAKERS,
27 and 29 Fifth st. Tel. South 167.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EXBALKER3.
Fln^3t Equipment_at_Moderate Rates.
NEW FIRM OF UNDERTAKERS.
Eamuel McFadden. 18 years manager for
the United\Undertakers" Association; M. J.
McBrearty. with the same company for 10
years; P. F. Greon, late with J. C. O'Connor
& Co.. have opened new Funeral Parlors at
1171 Mission street, between Seventh and
Eighth. Telephone South 44. • . ..
cremation:
The Odd fellows' Cemetery Association
Point Lobos ave.. S, F., Cal.
The prohibiting burials in San
Francisco after the first day ot August. 1901.
does not refer to CREMATION. Neither doe*
it affect the COLUMBARIUM, because there Is
nothing less -harmful to the living than the
ashes of their dead. .
Permits to cremate will be Issued by the
Board of Health the same as heretofore.
GEORGE R. FLETCHER. Manager.
REAL ESTATE— .CITY*-FOB. 8 ALB.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO..
638 MARKET STREET.
AUCTION'
AUCTION^. " ..
AUCTION!
TUESDAY October 15, 1901
• . - At 12 O'clock Noon.
At Our Salesroom, Ko. 638 Market Street.
VALLEJO ET. IMPROVED. PROPERTY.
North' side (Nos. 1220-1222) Vallejo St., 162:6
feet east of Hyde; a two-story house of 7 rooms
and'bath, 2 flats of 5 rooms and bath each and
a rear house, 6 rooms; all in first-class condi-
tion; modern, sanitary plumbing, tiled mantels
and sinks, etc.; magnificent view of the city
and Golden Gate; rents $71 per month; lot 43:9x
137:6 feet; street bitumlnized; cement walk.
SOUTH OF MARKET INVESTMENT.
"West side, (Nos. 124 to 126V4) Hawthorne St.,
137:6 feet south. of Folsom; three fine well-built
flats of 5, 6, 4 rooms and bath; this property
being centrally located is always rented; rents
?52 per month; lot 24:9x112:6 feet.
ELEGANT. SITE FOR FLATS.
North side of 23d st, 92 feet east of Guerrero;
two fine large building lots 'in the heart of the
famous MISSION WARM BELT; modern flats
built on these lots would rent for $37 50 per
month each; level and ready for building; street
bituminized, cement sidewalk; lot 68x114 feet.
HANDSOME WESTERN ADDITION RESI-
DENCE.
Northeast corner (No. 100) South Broderlck
and 14th sts.; modern residence of 7 rooms* and
bath and basement; well built; magnificent pan-
oramic view of San Francisco and bay shore
cities; lot 26:3x86:3 feet. x
•. . MISSION HOME.
West side (No. 38) Norfolk st, 180:6 feet south
of Folsom; a fine two-story house of 6 rooms;
In good condition; lot 22:6x63 feet.
MISSION COTTAGE— ON TERMS.
South side (No. 381) Jersey St., 85 feet east of
Castro; pretty, well built modern home of 6
rooms and bath; only half block from Castro-
st. cars; TERMS 1-5 CASH; lot 25x114. '
PAGE-ST. RESIDENCE.
North side (924) Page st, 106:3 feet east Devis-
adero; large, well-built modern -residence, S
rooms and bath; in fine condition; a fine key lot
on the sunny side of street; lot 25x137:6.
WESTERN ADDITION COTTAGE.
South side (No. 1735) McAllister st, 162:6 feet
west of Broderlck; a cozy, modern, up-to-date
cottage, 5 rooms and bath; only 4 years old;
cost 52500 to build; street bitumlnized; large
lot. 43:9x137:6 feet.
MODERN WESTERN ADDITION FLATS.
South side (Nos. 2819-2821) Golden Gate ave.,
230 feet east of 1st ave. ; two modern, well-built
flats of 5 rooms and bath each; porcelain bath;
tiled mantels; every modern convenience; rents
$30 per month; lot 26x137:6 feet.
BUCHANAN-ST. BUILDING LOTS.
Southwest corner Buchanan and Greenwich
sts.; five elegant building lots, level and ready
for building; this portion of the city has devel-
oped wonderfully in the last year and this
property is assured an elegant future.
RICHMOND BUILDING LOT.
South Bide of California st, 96:4 feet east of
l.th ave.; a fine large level lot ready for build-
Ing; street sewered; lot 40x96:1 feet.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.,
638 Market at.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.
638 Market st
,^ W A ES^! ERN ADDITION RESIDENCES. .
?10,500 — Two fine modern two-story residences
.of 12 rooms and bath each; fine stables;
f 'i°n the best residence portion of Scott
£t; large lot 35:6x125 feet
MASON STREET IMPROVED CORNER.
$10,000 — Two stores; six tenements; two fiats
and a stable; SE. corner; pays $1104
per annum; lot 50x80 feet.
FLATS NEAR GOLDEN GATE AVE. AND
LEAVENWORTH ST.
$9000— Six well-built flats of\7 and 6 rooms
each; pays $1080 per annum; always
rented; lot -40x60 feet.
PARK PANHANDLE BARGAIN RESIDENCE
$5500 — An elegant modern residence of 10 rooms
and bath; on the east side of Lyon st",
overlooking the Park Panhandle; this
property cost over $9000 and will be sold
on easy terms; 25x91:2 feet.
CALIFORNIA STREET RESIDENCE.
$5000— A well-built house of 10 rooms and
bath; on California st. near Pierce-
lot 22:6x87:6 feet.
WESTERN ADDITION COTTAGE
$1500— A modern up-to-date cottage; 6 rooms
and bath and basement on the north
side of Page st.; plenty of sun and
light; lot 25x100 feet.
BARGAIN.
SOUTH OF MARKET STREET.
$4000— Four well-built tenements of 3 rooms
each; near Tenth and Harrison sts.;
improvements only six years old and in
firEt-class condition; always rented-
brick foundation; lot 25x85 feet.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO.,
t 638 Market st.
A. M. SPECK & CO 667 MARKET ST.
Opposite Kearny.'
Real Estate Agents and Rent Collectors.
t $700 CASH,
Balance $1300; mortgage can remain; 5-room
cottage; in the Mission; Twenty-fourth-st. car
line. »•
$2350.
Close to Sixth st; 2 houses; rents $24.
$4000.
Fine flats, near 9th st. ; rents $44; want offer
• . $3800.
Jones-st. flats; rents $41; lot 45 foot frontage
$4950.
Two modern flats; only % block from Market
st.; rents $40; cost nearly $7500.
$5500.
Corner; marine view; splendid Improvements;
rents $60. v
>\u25a0 $8000.
Vicinity Post and Stockton sts.; 9-room house
and lot. '
$12,750
New Van Ness ave. flats; rents $125; a safe
buy.
$16,500. ' N
Panhandle corner; 2 new buildings; rents
$142; Mot 37x115 feet.
$15,000.
Leavenworth-st. investment; 67-foot front;
rents $105;' always rented.
$19,500.
Modern Improvements; lot 72x137:6; rented at
$1*0.
$23,500.
Polk-st. business property; in best block; an-
nual rents $1650.
$35,000.
Mission st, near Fourth; splendid brick
structure; elevator; good high basement; rent
$250; one tenant.
$42,000.
Sutter-st corner; east of Jones; stores and
lodging-houses; 80-foot frontage.
$55,000.
Ellls-st. Income property; 100-foot frontage;
rents about $5000 per annum.
Market st, near Taylor; 50-foot; splendid
building; rents $760.
A. M. SPECK & CO..
667 Market St.
$50,000 TO Invest \p. income-bearing property;
must be a bargain.
THE PHELPS LEWIS CO..
702 Market st.
NEW house- 7 rooms, facing Duboce Park; easy
terms; west frontage; sun all day; large yard;
basement; near corner Waller and Stelner.
GEO. H. MOORE. 63 Portola st.
WELL-BUILT modern 7-room residence, with
bath; 2 blocks from park. Inquire 660 Mission.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, gent to any address In the
RBAL LSTATE— COCSTRY For Sale
218 ACRES situated on the north bank of the
Klamath River, quarter of a mile from ocean;
road goes through lower portion of ranch
t near house; can be made one of the choicest
dairy ranches in Del Norte County; 190 acres
bototm land; rest Is hill land; half is under
grass; green all year round; keeps one cow
to the acre; have 70 head of cattle, l flrat-clas 8
mule of 1300 pounds, 60 chickens, $75 worth of
provisions and all household furniture; all
goes at $9000, or lf-tlesired will take as part
. payment an improved ranch from $1WO to $6000
In any county near San Francisco Bay and
$1000 cash, or $3000 cash without ranch; bal-
ance can remain on long time, with small in-
terest; creamery only 1 mile from place. Ad-
dress owner, CHARLES FORTAIN, Requa,
Del Norte Conuty. • Cal.
FOR SALE NEAR SAN FRANCISCO
(Small tracts, $60 to $90 per acre, on Rancho
Cotatl, Sonoma Co.; future value assured, as
San Francisco is growing rapidly; location
best for poultry and general farming. Apply
to The Cotatl Co., 302 California St., for pam-
phlets and information.
FOR bargains in timber land, fruit ranches,
suburban lots, farms, all through the State;
also large list of desirable city sites. See
The Phelps Lewis Co., 702 Market St.
A— IF you want to buy, sell or exchange city
or country property call on MARION GRIF-
FIN. 719 Mrket st.. S. F., office near Cairblg.
$2500— IMPROVED foothill farm. 204 acres; El
* Dorado County, near R. R. Box 222, Call.
POULTRY and dairy ranches for sale; write for
free list. C. R. WINFIELD. Petaluma, Cal.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for II.
RBAL ESTATE TO EXCHANGE.
EXCHANGE— San Jose house for city property
or lodging-house; value $3500. Box 1037. Call.
ALAMEDA .ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA ? EAIj ESTATE>
BARGAINS; improved & unimproved property
acquired by foreclosure; *A cash. Bank of Ala.
MEDICAL.
r^oTxiXNELL— All who are Eick and In
t-'ouMe call and consult the specialist My
mediciae* have been used for many years by
thousands: the unfortunate helped; relief In all
f ?^ s taken: the most obstinate cases have
been relieved by my medical treatment; free
rocflaentlal advice on all subjects of a deli-
cate nature; all classes of female complaints
treated: relief to the longest cases. DR. G.
tV. QPOXXELL, 101S Market St.. opp. Fifth.
•_jjB& SWEET, graduate Royal University
* perils: 3 years' experience In midwifery
case?; utmost confidence can be placed In her*
takes and treats ladles before and during con.
i.:-, merit; best care, attention; confinement
fir-,; board $4 week; Infants adopted. 3327 lSth
f\.: Mission-st. cars; consultation free.
MRS. DAVIES, who has been In
K.ipiness here for 23 years, is still located at
US Market; maternity home provided; office
hours 10 a. m. to 4 p. m. and 6 to E:30 p. m.
jTr.P D- WVETH. reliable ladies' specialist;
private home before and during confinement"
removed from Post to 410 O'Farrell Et '
yR>. D. ALLEN. HIS Market— Reliable la-
r.ifs' specialist: a priv. home before and dur-
::-.p confinement; best medical care; low fees.
HTXPOOHERB AND MRS. DAVIES' original
r-.-thod of treatment; maternity home; home
ir. confinement. 1126 Market St.. S. F.
GRADUATE physician will take confinement
cases any part of city; ten days' treatment
f.O. Call and register, 705 Vallejo st. r. 4.
MRS. I>. KOHL, ladies' specialist, confinement
removed from Market St. to 410 O'Farrell st
I.IRf . DR. GOODWIN, the eminent ladles' spe-
ciali«. has returned from Europe; most mod-
orn methods; 2.", years' exDerlence in S F •
guarantees to cure all female trouble: mater-
nity hospital; ice low. 90S Market St., opp. 4th.
DR. NG TOY KEE. no Stockton st. opp.
T'rir»n souaro; all diseases cured by herbs.
MISCELLANEOUS FUR SALE).
BOILERS, engines. 2d-har.d ma^hmeryT'j^
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
BARS. back bars, mirrors, restaurant and po-
ker tables, barroom chairs, linoleum, new and
s<-cond hand ; we always have a large stock of
saloon outfits on hand; 22 complete outfits on
one floor, ready made: we can ship everything
in 24 hours. J. NOONAN, 1017, 1013, 1021, 1023
Mission st. above Sixth; write for catalogue.
BECOKD-HAKD pipe stand, 150 lbs pressure;
s 4 In.. 4c ft.; 1 In.. 6i»c ft.: 1U in.. 7',4c ft.;
IV& in.. SVsC ft.; 2 in.. lOe ft.; 2*4 in.. 15c ft.;
S in.. 20c rt.; 4 In.. 30c ft. H. S. WHITE, 516
Mission st.
BIG prices raid for sealskins, full dress and
Tuxedo suits. Portland Loan Office, 23
Stockton st.
Graphophor.es, Phonographs, Gramophones. $5 to
JloO; easy terms; children's toy graphophones.
II TiP: :d-hand Phonographs. Gramophones very
cheap. .Columbia Phonograph Co.. 125 Geary.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear, machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. C53-2o5 Spear st «
WATCHES, jewelry, rep. and made; cash pd.
for geld, silver and precious stones. 14 McAl-
lister St.. room 16. WM. MUND.
HAND tenoning machine and hand shaper
fuitab!e for carpenter shop: also No. 2
Hooker steam pump. M3 Howard st
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern engines and
boilers bought and sold. KROGH MFG. CO..
S-17 Stevenson Ft.r near First.
CASH register fHallwood); brand new; $33;
reduction. Apply H. F. ALLEN. 202 Cali-
fornia et.
l?C'l RAMBLERS. Eagles. light Stearns. Snell
and others: second-hand bicycles; cheap: tend
for list. LEAVITT & BILL. 309 Larkin Et
FINE suits, $10: firesE pants. f2 75. MISFIT
_ CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st
A— 13 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters', 330 Kearny et., near Pine.
1P00 CLEVELAND bicycle for sale. 1522 Mar-
ket fct.
BEATTTIFTTL wax figure for hairdressers or
milliners; cheap. Box 913. Call.
HEADQUARTERS for trunks, bags and dress
suit cases. A. B. SMITH CO.. 12S Ellis et.
BOATS, launches, rowboats .carried in stock.
BAKER & HAMILTON.
GOOD firewood for sale cheap. Apply Risdon
Iron Works, corner Howard and Beale sts.
JFWELET for sale and made to order. T.
FERSHTAXD, 126 Kearny St., room 29.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving pic-
tures. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post st
GASOLINE engines, all eizes. new and 2d-hand.
and launches. J. E. DOAK. 511 Mission Et.
EAFES-New and second hand. THE HER-
MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st
PHOTO bargain list No. 17 now ready for
mailing. 109 Montgomery et.
BAR outfits, showcases; all lengths and eizes.
JACOB SCHWERDT. 821 Mission Et
KN'GINES and boilers: s»eond-hand machinery.
J. BURKE. 129 Beale St.
FAIRBANKS' 10-ton hay scale; jeweler's steel-
lined safe, perfect crder. 216 California st.
MISCELLANEOUS WA.VTS.
WILL pay cash 'or your old sealskins. Ad-
dress at once, box 97, Call office.
WANTED — Second-hand upright piano for
cash. H. L. WHITEHEAD, 1T06 Market et.
TIL.TON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 134 9th st. ; tel. Folsom 2522.
M O &'BV_TO J^OAN.
JLA^MANHATTAN LOAN COMPANY.
$300,000 at 6 per cent in sums to suit City and
Oakland, town ana country property; second
mortgages, life insurance & securities. Loans
cr. unsettled estates, undivided interests in
real estate and legacies. We will purchase
any of above securities. Tel. Red 5024. MAN-
HATTAN LOAN CO., 7th floor, Crocker bldg.
ANY AMOUNT AT 6 PER CENT.
First, second and third mortgages
Undivided interest in real estate in probate..
Mortgages and legacies bought; no delay....
Get rr.y terms before doing business elsewhere.
R. McCOLGAN
24 Montgomery fit., room 3
HERMAN" MCEPHV, CC3 Examiner building—
$5,000,000 at 6% or less in large sums; loans
on second mortgages, estates, etc. ; financial
problems of ail sorts and sizes. If your prop-
erty is mortgaged and you need more money
see HERMAN MUHPHT. 603 Examiner bldg.
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent; first
eecond and third mortgages, estates in pro-
hate, interest 'n estates, legacies, undivided
interests. Fecurities, manufacturing and mer-
cantile interests, corporation loans. Room 16,
lft floor. Chronicle big. GEORGE E. OLSEN.
ANY preposition; any amount; 6 per cent, on
mortgages, estates, undivided interests; chat-
tel mortgages, etc. D. J. HALLORAX,
Adams building, 206 Kearny St. room 314.
RELIABLE corporation, established 1S65, proper
place to borrow money on diamonds, Jewelry,
pianos and Sf-alfkins at lowest rate of Interest.
S Grant ave.. near Market St.; tel. Black 5471.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store, 846 Market
St.; tel. Main 1644. Branch IS Third et
MUNICIPAL Loan Office, 103 Grant ave., near
Geary st. ; phone Red 1C03.
ON real estate, 1st or 2nd mortgages and on fur-
niture or pianos without removal; any amount;
lowest rates. Becker & Co.. 26 Montgomery.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note with-
«ut indors^r or on mortgages at 6 per cent per
annum. MORRELL, Cij9 Examiner building. ;
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc.. by private
party; no removal; no commission; confiden-
tial. Room 3. Conservatory bldg.. 301 Jones.
ON" furniture, pianos; no removal; money
quick; lowest Interest; easy terms; no broker-
age; reliable party. 3170 Market st, room 68.
LOANS on pianos, furniture without removal,
libraries, goods In warehouse, etc.; any arnt.;
lowest rate*; prlv. Ormsby. 26 Montg., office 7.
ON SALARIES without indorser; other propo-
fitione. S. F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan b.
MONET loaned salaried people without secur-
ity. Hill, r. 44, Merchants' Ex.. 431 California.
ON furniture pianos; lowest rate; no removal;
strictly private. LICK. 116 McAllister st.
ONE per cent on furniture; $5 a month on each
J1OO0; eny security. 302 Montgomery St., r. 1.
F38.0M ON good security and city realty below
l;ar.k rate; no Agents. Address box 5&6, Call.
JF you want a home I will loan you money to
buy It. A. E. RLDELL, 222 Sansome st
THE TOUSLEY Company; loans and dis-
counts. 221 Parrott building.
WANS money on salary; no Indorser; Eastern
r:an. Western Loan Co.. 509 Phelan bldg.
MUSICAL IASTBUMEXTS.
>LL piano»TpTirchased~Of SHERMAN. CLAT A
CO. may be exchanged for a new Steinway
upright or baby grad piano any time within
2 years from dale of purchase, and have full
r-ice allowed. New upright pianos, $6 per
Riontfc; come good piano* sold for U. 14 and
£• P<r month. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.,
Heinway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
**»-. ha n Francisco; corner Broadway and
«.. Oakland.
ATTENtFon. BARGAIN HUNTERS—
"jr.d-hand upright pianos ;from $55 up.
;ec'jr.d-hand square pianos from $50 up.
i-econd -hand organs from 525 up; new up-
r'Pht pianos from *175 up. BENJ. CURTAZ
* 6OM. 16 to 20 O'Farrell. Chickerlng, Ha-
Vose. Sterling pianos.
1! ALLET-IjaVIR square pianos wanted at
l*gency.. Hjayg PIANO CO.. 217 Geary et
A r ri AK "°- tlanoia and music on »ale; party
C-ln* away. 217 c^y et>
— 5SH^iS^5L2^ T1 * UMEN TS— Con.
A t?^s p t lan> lf yo^^nno^uTr^uTnorii
JLS P m * to u " and let us show how a really
aS^ Instrument can be sold at a low price,
owt w»£ e ? ts made by tne month . lf y° u
of th« rw.v° P^ y cash ' We make a specialty
of the Decker & Son and Baumelster.
The ZEKO MAUVAIS MUSIC CO..
- \u25a0 769 Market st.
A wu*P la ?° BOld by u » ***** b *<* any time
w i * years and ful1 Purchase price al-
lowea on a new peerless Knabe at regular
Price; costs you only 20c a day to buy a
n^?° m U8 ' KOHLER & CHASE. 30
O Farrell st. ; established 1850. ;
ALL highest grades sold by Heine Piano Co..
sole agents for famous and oldest American
make*, including Hallet-Davls; great bar-
F,«« n U^V * 50 U P: Steinway, $185 up; Fischer,
$100; Chickerlng, $165; 20 others: rents $2 up;
rreat Inducements to agents. 217 Geary st.
A SMALL Weber upright, $125; elegant walnut
case, Knabe upright, almost new; also Steck,
oak case; Hafdman square. $45; organs, $25
up. BOWERS & 6ON, 23 Fifth St., IVERS
& POND and A. B. CAMERON Agents.
A FIRM'S failure to realize on account ot
Etrlke has placed two carloads 'of high-grade
pianos In storage to be sold at Eastern fac-
tory prices; second-hand pianos for a song.
WILSON'S STORAGE. 1706 Market St. .
PIANOS — The most modern and up to date;
Steck. Everett. Conover. Packard. Ludwig,
Hardman and many others; wholesale and re-
tail. The Wiley B. Allen Co.. 933 Market St.,
E. F. ; (Branch Store, 951 Broadway, Oakland).
$50— WEBER piano; cost $450; for sale on $5
installments. 13C9 Gough st., near Geary.
LARGE cabinet grand upright piano; great
sacrifice; party leaving. 408 Golden Gate ave.
SOHMER, Byron Mauzy, Lester Hamilton,
Splelmann pianos. 308 Post st.
$550 PIANO, nearly new. for $225; pianos with
harp attachment. HAMILTON, 8 Flood bldg.
GOOD cecond-hand upright - for sale cheap.
SCHMITZ. 16 McAllister st.
LEFT on sale— Antisell large upright. $12S;
Steinway. $165. 217 Geary at, room 36.
$50— Emerson and 7 bargain uprights and baby
grand. Fay's Piano Factory. 1729 Mission.
ELEGANT piano as good as new; standard
make; a sacrifice. Hornung's. 216 McAllister.
AT KEEFFE'S. 22 Turk St.. near Market—
Shoninger, Schubert and Steinway bargains.
$75 AND upward— Fine uprights. PIERCPJ'S
Piano Factory, Market, 14th and Church sts.
A SPECIAL for this week— $400 piano for $275.
BRUENN. 208 Post st.
ELEGANT new upright pianos for rent, $3 per
mo. SCOTT-CURTAZ Piano Co., 560 Hayes.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. rrmker. repairer. 2 Latham place.
OFFICES AXD STORES TO LET.
A— MARKET st. store; elegant fixtures; run-,
nlng through to Stevenson st. Apply A. M.
SPECK & CO.. 667 Market et.
TO Lease — 3 sunny lofts or separate, 65x60 feet;
electric elevator service and water free. Ay-
ply COLLINS. 500 Mission st.
EIGHTH, 225— Fine store' and two rooms; water
free; $8. f_
A— 3999 17th st, cor. Market— Fixtures; com-
plete grocery and bar; low rent.
OIL.
OIL tanks, second-hand, li good order; all
sizes: cheap. H. S. WHITE. 516 Mission st.
PAIXTEKS AKD DECOKATOR!.
JTc?^o3lAlN^r64TG7^raTe7rph^nTp^iir 1423 ;
best quality work; lowest prices; get figures.
PALMISTRY. .
H. JEROME FOSELLI. scientific palmist. 615
Taylor st. bet. Geary and Post; tel. Black 561.
PERSONALS.
INDIAN baskets, Indian relics, curios and 'an-
tiques bought. NAT RAPHAEL, 118 Geary
St., largest curio store In America: vlsltor3
welcome; Indian baskets from $1 upwards.
AN elegant line of remnants for suits to or-
der, $15; with these suits we make an extra
pair pants free of charge; other suits on in-
stallments, Jl weekly. L. LEMOS, 1117 Mar-
ket st., between Seventh and Eighth.
ONE BOTTLE of Pinus will cure any case of
rheumatism, sciatica, neuralgia or gout; price
$2 50 per bottle. For circulars. Pinus Med.
Co.. 734 Valencia St.. S..F. ; teL Church 1571.
ELECTRIC light in every room— Winchester
Hotel, 44 Third St., near Market; 700 rooms;
25c to $1 50 per night; $150 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
HAIR, birtto marks, moles, removed forever
without pain or scar with electricity by
MISS GRUBER. the cosmetic artist, 3593
Eighteenth et.; corner Guerrero.
SURE cure for rheumatism, sciatic "or In-
flammatory, sore chest, sprains, and lame
back; price 50c and $1 per bottle; always on
hand at S44A Howard st.; tel. Mint 1137.
G. LEDERER'S hair dressing always the best;
25c all styles: shampooing,. 50c; good switches,
$1. G. LEDERER, 123 Stockton St.
HARRY H. HART— Please send me your pres-
ent address. I want to see you. CHRIS.
NIELSON.. 244 Ellis st.. San Francisco.
WHITE enamel Iron beds, single, three-quarter
or double. $2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO.. 1310-1312 Stockton St., near Broadway.
ADELINA PATH'S Beauty Cream. Secret ot
continual youth; 50c, postpaid; free demon-
stration; come and see us. Bon-Ton, 824 Po3t.
McCABE's Detective Agency handles all legit-
imate detective business. Emma Spreckels
bldg.. rooms 223-324. S. F. ; tel. South 381.
AT cash prices; ladles' tailor-made suits, coats,
silk waists, trimmed hats, skirts, etc.: weekly
payments. C. F. ADAMS CO., 156. Fifth st.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates; 10
years' experience. J. B. RAH, 457 Minna St.
A— If your hair is falling or you are bald, call on
Dr.G.S.Moore. 332 O'Farrell: send for circular.
MRS. S. S. SAMPLE— Call at Golden West
Hotel, room 169. immediately. MRS. M. W.
LACE curtains cleaned for 35c per pair and up.
1277 Mission street; phone Folsom 252S.
STOP that "cough" — California Lung Balsam
will do it; all druggists: ph'one Pine 23S6.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN&CO..733 Market.
500 MEN wanted to order suits for $1 per week.
NEUHAUS & CO.. tailors. 113 Kearny Et.
TAILOR-MADE suits, $7 50; dress pants, $2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
ASPHALTUM paint — Fix your own roofs; 60c
per gallon. Ill Van Ness ave.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
electric needle. MISS EATON, 1119 Sutter Bt.
OBESITY cured :no dieting; no weakening. THE
A'VIDA CO.. 736 Valencia St.. bet. 18th & 19th.
DR. LAMOTTE'S French Corn Paint, the best
com cure; 25c; all druggists.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna; restores gray
hair to its natural color; $1; at all druggists.
OLD gold, silver, diamonds and precious stones
bought J. R. JENKEL, 817 Market st.
PLAJVIXG AND TURK IK G MILLS.
WOOD and Ivory Turning. Planing. Shaping
and Sawing. CARL F. HAAS. 95 Fremont st.
PHYSICIAKS AKD SURGEONS.
DR. C C. O'DONNELL— Office and residence,
1021% Market St.. between Sixth and Seventh.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, successfully
treats all diseases of the human body: sea
testimonials at office. 115-117 Mason, nr. Ellis.
A-DR. WONG WO, herb doctor; sanitarium,
764-766 Clay st: Eee testimonials at office.
REAL ESTATE CITY FOR SALE.
DONNELLY & CO ....632 MARKET ST
$14,500— Modern flats. Western Addition; rent-
ed for $1400 a year.
$4500 — Two modern flats. 5 and 6 rooms and
bath«- handsome and substantial; rents $43.
"$2100— Cozy little cottage out Mission way;
a genuine bargain.
$3800 — House of 3 flats, and rear house: In
fine order; l6t 25x80; 3 blocks south of Mar-
ket: rented for f4C
$2250— Two flats near Park; lot 25x125; rented
for $22.
$4200— Lot, Fulton st. ; seven minutes' walk
from City Hall; old improvements; offer
$i200-^Lot 25x104; Twenty-first st, nr. Flor-
ida; ready to build on; snap. • »
Lot 32x100; Tenth ave. and B St.; ready to
build on; offer wanted; some bargains rcrth
and south of Park; also In Excelsior Home-
etead, Flint Tract, Gift, Maps 2 and 3, . and
South San Francisco.
DONNELLY & CO.. 632 Market st.
$450 75x100; SAN BRUNO road, near Court land
$450— Lots Nos. 44, 45, 62, 63 (30x100 'each),
block 496; Bay City Homestead Association.
J375 75x100; E. S. Thirty-sixth ave. South,
150 feet north K st. south;. Paul Tract Home-
stead Association.
John Sullivan, owner of lot 63, block 496,
Bay City Homestead Association, send your
address to our office. JOOST, FISHER &
CO., 137 Montgomery St.; take elevator.
A— DWELLING or flats, wanted to purchase
for the Income; location in the Mission or
Western Addition; property must be In good
condition; an. Immediate buyer. W. J. GUNN,
530 California st.
MODERN built residence, wanted to purchase;
In the Western Addition. W. J. GUNN. 530
California st.
FOR SALE— New Mission home, five rooms,
bath; terms same as rent 3252 Mission st.
and Walter Keunaber. and sister of Mrs. M.
Hollender of Brooklyn. N. T., and th« late
Mrs. M. Hennlng, a native of Sievern. Ger-
many, aged 58 years 4 months and 4 days.
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from hex late resi-
"dence, 1759 Ellis street, between Steiner and
Pierce. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
O'TOOLE— In this city. October 8. 1901. Wil-
liam A., son of Mary T. and the late Wil-
liam O'Toole. a native of San Jose. Cal.,
aged 25 years and 6 months.
CTThe funeral will take place to-morrow
* (Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, 1114 Page street, thence to St.
Agnes Church, where mass will be celebrated
for the repose of his soul at 9 o'clock. In-
terment private. Please omit flowers.
REMMER— In Oakland. October 7. 1D01. All-en
Marlon Remmer. beloved daughter of Nellie
E. and Victor H. Remmer. a native of Oak-
land, aged 7 years 3 months and 13 days.
ICTFuneral to-day (Wednesday), at 1:30
o'clock, from the parents' residence. 620
Eighteenth street, thence to St. Francis de
Sales Church for services, commendnR at 2
o'clock. •
SCHUMANN^-In this city, October 9, 1901.
Leslie H.. beloved and youngest son of
Adolph and Emille Schumann, and brother
of Emille and Adolph Schumann, a native
of San Francisco, aged 1 year 8 months and
29 days.
STULZ— In this city. October 8. 1901. "William
Stulz. beloved husband of Johanna Stulz.
and father of William Jr., Fred. Henry.
Frank. George and the late Charles Stula
and Mrs. Amelia Banks, a native of Kip-
penhelm. Baden. Germany, aged 63 years 5
months and 15 days.
TURNER— In this city. October 7, 1901, Cet>-
has Turner, husband of Vienna Bell T\irner.
and father of George W. and Arthur C. Tur-
ner, a native of Hampden, Me., axed 79
years and 23 days. •
ICrFriends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral services to-day (Wednes-
day), at 2 o'clock, at his late residence, S3)
California street. Interment private.
•WAGNER— In this city. October 7, 0901. Vic-
toria, beloved wife of the late Captain Albert
Wagner, and mother of Captain Louis Laz-
larevich. Captain Nicholas Wagner and Olga
Brandon of London, a native of Denmark,
aged ."9 years < months and IS days.
WRIGHT— In Boston. Mass.. Isabella, widow
of I. S. Wright, and mother of Mrs. M.
Civrae-Debordes, aged SO years.SISTERS WHO WILL PUBLISH A
DAILY PAPER IN CONNECTION
WITH THE CATHOLIC FAIR.
Roy Wilson and William . Whalen, con
victed burglars, were sent to State prison
by Judge Dunne yesterday," Wilson for a
term of four years and Whalen for three
years. •
Burglars Sent to State Frisson.
The case of F. L. Evans, charged. with
grand larceny for stealing a gold watch
and chain from Jacob Johnson, &. sailor
on the night of September 7, was dis
missed by Judge Cabaniss yesterday. -The
arresting officer informed the court that
Johnson had gone to sea and no one knew
when he would return.-
Johnson Fails to Appear.
The Nome contempt cases, in which
Judge Noyes will figure, have been post
poned again. E. S. Pillsbury, as amlcus
curiae, suggested to Judge Heacock yes
terday morning that inasmuch as the re
spondents had rot appeared and were not
represented by counsel it : would be advis
able to postpone the taking of testimony.
The proceedings were accordingly con
tinued until, nsxt Monday at 11 o'clock
or at such earlier date as shall be deter
mined upon by al parties.
Nome Cases Postponed.
The. cases of Thomas G. Jacques, Caro
line E. Jacques, his wife, and Thomas G.
Jacques Jr., his son. charged with grand
larceny, were dismissed by Judge Caban
lss yesterday. They were accused of us
ing for their own purposes money amount
ing to nearly $70,000 belonging to the old
man Joseph O'Hare. whose mental con
dition Incapacitated him from giving tes
timony. Saturday the charge of abduct
ing the old man preferred against Thomas
SA^th^AdK! " ife WB * dls -
Jacques Family Win Again.
t Jho a i va " ce sa . le o f sea ts 'or the Royal
Italian Band, which opens Sunday night
at the Alhambra, will commence Thurs
day morning at the music store of Sher
man, Clay & Co.
v Nabucco,"''the old Verdi opera that has
met with such marked success at the Tiv
oli this season, was heard last night by
another crowded and enthusiastic house
Barbareschl and Salassa are both hear!
at. their best in the opera, and Pollettini
and CortezI have good opportunities thnt
are well used. To-night's bill is "The
Masked Ball." in which Montanarl as
Amelia for the first time this season will
be heard to advantage. Agostln! In the
part of RJcardo is a most satisfying per
son and Ferrari's Renato is good.
Grace Dudley, the patrician adventuress
of the "Florodora" cast, is completely re
stored to health and is again Lady Holy
rood with her customary chic, distinction.
T . he il e ls " stan <iing room . on!y" everv
night at the Columbia Theater and the
management, in order to provide accom
modations for its patrons, against its us
ual custom will give a performance on
Sunday. evening next. "Piorodora" is the
prettiest thing of its kind that has ap
peared on the stage since the "Geisha!"
and Is as fully appreciated by the large
Management Will Give a Perform
ance Next Sunday Night to
Accommodate Patrons.
Ladewig, when given a chance to talk,
denied every accusation made by his wife.
The case was continued by Judge Sea
well until 10 a, m. to-day. , — , !
Mrs. Ladewig had a number of wit
nesses, principally relatives, corroborate
her testimony concerning the beatings
and maulings.
Mr. and Mrs. Arthur Ladewlg have had
anything but a peaceful life since their
marriage. The testimony given by Mrs.
Ladewig's relatives before Judge Seawell
yesterday showed that kicking, beating
and choking have occupied most of the
time of the couple, with wordy wars in
which "yellow dog" and "gol darn brute"
and other choice bits of English were the
weapons.
Mrs. Ladewig took the stand In her own
behalf and told the court that her hus
band came home drunk, swore at her,
knocked her down and choked her. She
also told of him reciting stories of his be-'
ing the object of the affections of all the
women clients who visited the office of
Bovee, Toy & Sonntag, where he is" em
ployed, and that one of the women
brought him pleated shirts, fancy stock
ings and pretty neckties.
Testifies That Her Husband Amused
Himself by Frequently Beating
and Choking Her.
Refreshment Booth— President. Miss Madge
Munroe: secretary. Mrs. John Kerrigan: com
mittee. Misses G. and H. Munroe and the
Misses McGettigan.
Shooting Gallery— Messrs. James and John
Fay.
Presentation Booth — President, Miss Sara.
Kane; secretary. Miss Lily Kane; committee,
Mrs. Prior, Mrs. Burns, Mrs. Kipp Misses
XCRS. LADEWIG AIHS HEE
GRIEVANCES IN" COURT
St. Anthony Booth — President, Mrs. Zimmer;
secretary, Mrs. Eckart; committee, ! Mrs.
Schmidt, Mrs. Guntz. Mrs. Rich. Mrs. Schil
ling. Mrs. Moore, Mrs. Eldridge, Misses S.
Schilling. Kast, Gunst and Straub.
corner of Eighteenth and Diamond
streets, commencing next Saturday night.
The pastor of the church, the Rev. Father
Joseph McQuaide. is one of the most pop
ular clergymen in the city and everything
points toward the bazaar proving a finan
cial and social success. The proceeds will
go toward the completion of the church,
which will be one of the handsomest edi
fices in town. General James Smith will
deliver the opening address.
A feature of the bazaar will be a daily
paper published by Misses Grace and Lil
lian Newbert.
The following are the booths and those
who will have them in charge:
*, ; : *
parishioners of the Church of
I the Holy Redeemer will hold a
1 fair in the basement of the church
Ji building now being erected at the
"FLOROUORA" CONTINUES
TO PACK THE COLUMBIA
Nativity Booth— President, Mrs. George Pow
leson; secretary, financial, Mrs J H Mc-
Laughlln; secretary.- recording, Mrs. James
Hore; committee. Mrs. Kenny. Mrs. Conlan
Mrs. Lods. Mrs. Mitchell. Misses McCloskey
Mitchell. Oswald, N. Auglin, G. Powleson
Visitation Booth — President, Mrs Vv" H Mur
phy; secretary. Miss Lillian Newbert; commit
tee. Mrs. J. W. Newbert, Mrs. T. C. Robert
eon, Mrs. P. C. Shepherd. Mrs. B. J. McShane
Mrs. William Stark, Mrs. Parson. Misses S
and H." Cassln. G. Newbert, S. Mijrphy M
\u25a0Darcy and E. Hayes.
Annunciation Booth— President, Miss M
Tuite; secretary. Miss M. Moran; committee,'
Mr. and Mrs. P. P. Flood. "Mr. and Mrs
Thomas Butcher, Mr., and Mrs. Cosgrove Mr
and Mrs. McLaughlln, Mrs. Coleman, Mrs
Wagner. Mrs. Drlscoll, Mrs. Leary. Misses
n .',, FoK^ rt^ Muller . Larney. . Theall and
O Rellly and Mr. H. Hunter.
Springer. Burns. Dillon. O'Donnell. McDonnell,
O'Xelll. McDonald. Collins, Moore and Kane.
Temple Booth— President. Mrs. McGlllan; sec
retary. Miss N. Ruan«; committee, Mrs. Ruane,
Mrs. R. McGillan, Mrs. Pemprase, Mrs. Gal
braith, Mrs. Keane. Mrs. Hoburg. Mrs. Denver,
Mrs. O'Connor, Misses Reidy, McDonald Mc-
Gillan. Ruane, Santry, Richards and Roche
Holy Spirit Booth-President, Mrs. T. J. Klr
by; secretary. Miss Josephine Kelly; commit
tee. Mrs. Qulnn,' Mrs. Hand. Mrs. Ryan. Mrs.
Fay. Mrs. Smith. Mrs. Fahy, Mrs. Tierney.
Mrs. Halpin, Mrs. Mitrovich, Mrs. Mallon,
Misses McGrill, Kearce, Qulnn. Kelly and
Kirby.
Assumption Booth— President, Miss Annie
Lacy; secretary. Miss Flanagan; committee,
Mrs. Foley, Mrs. Flanagan, Mrs. Kelber, Mrs.
Lacy. Mrs. Coleman, Mrs. Maguire, Mrs Duf
fy, Misses Whalen, Lacy, Flanagan Maguire.
Coronation Booth— President, Mrs. Moore;
president (pro tern.). Miss M. Ring; secretary.
Elizabeth Lynch, M. D. ; committee. Mrs.
Rhead, Mrs. do Haven, Mrs. Tfompour Mrs.
Maher. Misses Conlan, Dolan, Drew Benjamin
Fredericks and Mulligan.
It is further ordered that the decision of this
board on the question of charges for switching
cars on *pur and sidetracks and for use of said
spur and sidetracks, as alleged in the com
plaint herein, be and the same is hereby re
served and postponed until the next regular
meeting of the board, to wit. on JJovember
12. 19CL at the hour of 2 o'clock p?m.
Dated San Francisco. October S. 1901.
E. B. EDSON.
C. S. LAUMEISTEH.
Complain of Discrimination.
Other matters of minor Importance came
before the commission yesterday. The
Mary6ville Ice and Cold Storage Com
pany, in a letter to the commission, com
plained of unjust discriminations by the
Eouthera Pacific Company in the matters
or rates from Mary&ville to surrounding
towns, the rate charged being- greater
than to other places of equal distance.
A table of rates was attached. The com
mission ordered that a copy of the letter
be B«nt the Southern Pacific Company and
action be postponed awaiting the replv
The Western Mineral Company asks 'for
a reduction on freight charsres between
Bakersfield and Daggrett, The mine and
mill owners and lessees at Daggett ask
for a reduction in the rate on crude oil
from $8 a ton to $4 a ton or from 65 cents
per barrel to 20 cents per 100 pounds. The
secretary of the commission was ordered
U> notify the Santa F*e Company and en
closed a copy of the letter.
\u25a0It is therefore ad judged, ordered and de
creed that 37 S-10 cents per barrel be and th»
eame i* hereby fixed, determined and estab
lished as the maximum rate to be charged bv
the defendant corporations, or each or any of
them, for th-? transportation of crude petro
leum from Bakersfieid and all points in Cali
fornia where the present rate of 42 cents per
barrel is now in force to San Francisco, and
that the present and existing rate of 42 cents
per barrel for 6uch transportation be and the
Fame is hereby reduced from 42 cents to
37 8-10 cents per barrel. Such maximum rate
of 37 E-10 cents r>er barrel to take effect and
be charged on aTid after November 1. 1901.
The board further finds that a reasonable
profit for such transportation by the defendant
corporations from Bakersfield and all points in
California north of BakerEfleld and south of
San Francisco to San Francisco would be and
is 4 2-10 cents per barrel, or 12% per cent net
\u25a0profit per barrel, and that snch profit in view
of the extent and volume of the business of
transporting crude petroleum, as presented by
the evidence, is a reasonable, fair and Just
unouit to be allowed to and charged by the
defendant corporations as such net profit, and
that a rate of 37 S-10 cents per barrel for such
tranri citation from Bakersfield and all points
in California north of Bakersfield and south
of San Francisco to San Francisco would be
a reasonable, fair and Just rate to be allowed
to and to be charged by said defendant corpo
rations for such transportation of crude pe
troleums. ' • .
The decision in full is:
In and before the Board of Railroad Commis
sioners of the State or California.
John Le Blanc, <jiai::tiu. vs. The Southern
Pacinc Company ta corporation). The Southern
Pacific Railroad Company (a corporation). The
Atchifcon, To:>eka and Santa Fe Kailroad Com
pany (a coruoration). The San Francisco and
tan Joaquin Valley Hailroad Company (a cor
poration) and the Southern California Railway
Company la corporaiion). defendants.
The above entitled cause came on regularly
for decision this 8th day. of October. 1901, pur
suant to adjournment, heretofore regularly
taken. Evidence, both oral and documentary,
having- been by ail parties heretofore presented
to end received by this Board of Railroad
Commissioners, all parties being at all times
duly represented at each and every hearing,
and the cause having heretofore been regularly
submitted and taken under advisement by the
board, from the evidence taken the board finds.
based ur>on the figures presented by the de
fendant, corporations that the cost to the de
fendant corooratlons of transrortir.g crude
petroleum by theic respective railroad lines
from Bakersfield to San Francisco, a distance
of 314 miles, 33 5-10 cents per barrel, and that
euch cost is less from points on their respect
ive lines north of Bakersfield to San Francisco.
This cost is calculated UDon what, as ap
plied to this particular haul and freight, this
board believes to be for the defendant corpo
rations a most "liberal basis of estimate, but
is nevertheless for the purposes of this case
accepted by this board.
The board further finds that the charge by
the defendant eorr>cratione to the shippers of
euch crude petroleum for transportation there
of from Baksrsfield and all points in Califor
nia north of Bakersfldd and eouth of San
Frnnoisco to San Francisco is a uniform
charge of *2 cents per barrel, and that the net
profits on such transportation to the defend
ant corporations at 42 cents per bane! la
8 4-10 cents per barrel.
Railro&d Allowed Reasonable Profit
decision of the board en the question of
charges for switching cars on spur and
sidetracks is reserved until the next reg
ular meeting, which has been set for No
vember 12.
Bates Found to Be Excessive.
Francisco or from all points where the 42
cent rate prevails will, after November 1,
be reduced to 37.S cents per barrel. The
cru<ie petroleum from. Bakersfield to San
The shippers of crude petroleum from
the Bakersfield district have won a signal
victory over the railroad companies that
carry oil from the valley points to San
Francisco. For several months the case
of John Le Blanc against the Southern
Pacific and Santa Fe railroads has been
waged before the Railroad Commission.
The best attorneys in the law depart
ments of the public carriers were called
Into service and the case was tried with
earnest legal and forensic force.
It is now all ended. The real point of
contention was whether the rate of 42
cents a barrel charged by the railroads
was unreasonable or not. Two of the
Railroad Commissioners have found that
it was. They ascertained that the profit
of carrying amounted to 8 4-10 cents on
every barrel of petroleum. Tbis has been
pronounced unreasonable by two of the
Commissioners — C. S. Laumeisler and E.
B. Edson; so they have fixed a new rate,
which will take effect November 1, at
37 S-10 ceitts per barrel.
N. BlackstocK in a voluminous opinion
dissents from the decision on legal
grounds and concludes that the complain
ant has failed to show that the former
rate is unreasonable or to establish
gToundss that would justify the board in
setting aside said rate and promulgating a
new one in its stead.
The maximum rate to be charged for aH
Biackstock Dissents From De
cision and Files Volumin
' ous Opinion. 1
Railroad Commission Re
duces the Rates on
Petroleum
OIL SHIPPERS
WIN A VICTORY
There Is nothing In the world. more delight
ful than a drink of good whiskey— and Jesse
Moore is eood whiskey. •
Charles S.sBrundage is the defendant In
suits filed by Minnie Griffin. Emily, Under
hill Burgess and J. Warren Underhill,
devisees of the late Thomas U. Sweeney,
yesterday. The complaints allege that
Brundage exercised undue influence over
Sweeney and secured from him a deed to
property located at Eighth avenue and K
street valued at $50,000. The plaintiffs
pray that the deed executed by Sweeney
be declared null and void and that the
Judgment secured by Brundage in a suit
to quiet title to the property be set aside.
Want Deed Declared Void.
On the recommendation of City and
County Attorney Lane, claims of $1000
each to Mrs. Annie R. Kavanaugh, Mrs.
Mary E. Beede. Mrs. Mary Ann Fitzger
ald and the heirs of John Schroder were
passed.
• The Board of Police Commissioners held
its . quarterly meeting yesterday as
pension commissioners. The application
of Captain James W. Gillln to be retired
and placed on the pension list through
disability caused by an accident in China
town while on duty there about ten years
ago was granted. He has been on the sick
list for the last eighteen months. He has
been connected with the. force since 18S9,
and was one of its most faithful and effi
cient officers. Lieutenant Anderson will
continue in charge of the Mission district
until Gillin's successor is appointed from
among the lieutenants after they pass
through the Civil Service examination. .
Claims Made by Widows of Deceased
Officers Are Ordered to Be
Paid.
CAPTAIN GILLIN PLACED
ON THE PENSION LIST
SOLEMNIZES WEDDING
UNDER FLORAL CANOPY
Julius Ach, a. Young Business Man,
United in Marriage With Miss
Beatrice Sachs. '*
A very happy home wedding was sol
emnized last night when Julius Ach an.i
Miss Beatrice Sachs were united in the
bonds of matrimony at the home of the
bride s parents, 1904 Franklin street. . The
Handsome residence was beautifully dec
orated for the occasion. The nuptial knot
was tied while the contracting parties
w ere standing beneath a floral canopy, in
which was suspended a wedding bell com
posed of white buds. Several hundred
guests were present at the ceremony,
•which was followed by a wedding
supper.
* The^' oun?r cou 'ple will make an extended
trip through the East and possibly may
visit Europe during their honeymoon.
Divorce Proceedings.
The following: suits for divorce were
filed, yesterday: Mary Agnes Manning
against Thomas Manning, cruelty; Ame
lia Holland against August K. Holland,
cruelty; Leonie Miro against Jean Marie
Miro. cruelty; Louise Fromm against
Louis Fromm, desertion; Nellie Messe
reau against Frederick Messereau, deser
tion; Rose McKoy against Walter McKoy,
desertion; • Hermine C. A. Jacobson
against Adolph Jacobson, failure to pro
vide; Ivy E. Bryant against Philip F.
Bryant, failure to provide.
The following divorces were granted:
John N. Nye from Annie Nye, desertion-
Kllen Jackson from Thomas H. Jackson
cruelty; William C. Neumeyer from
Louise Neumeyer, desertion; E. Ann
Hooper from Frank Hooper, desertion.
DIRECTORS PAY
BURBANK HONOR
Board of Trade Passes
Vote to Collect His
Products.
Christmas Holidays in Mexico.
Southern Pacific special train leaves San
Francisco December 18. Los Angeles De
cember 19, reaching Mexico in time for
the holiday celebrations. Round trip, San
Francisco $80, Los Angeles $70. Personally
conducted. Dining-car, Pullman sleepers
Limit sixty days. Low side-trip rates
Optional itineraries. Make reservations
613 Market street, San Francisco; 261 South
Spring street, Los Angeles.
Matthew H. Cook, a prominent Amer
ican merchant of Shanghai, China, died
there September 10. News of his death
was received in this city yesterday. For
the past forty years Cook had been en
gaged in the mercantile business in the
Orient, but he had many friends and rela
tives in this city to mourn his death He
was buried in Shanghai with Masonic
honors. A monument will be erected to
his memory.
Merchant Dies in Orient.
Captain Seymour yesterday detailed De
tective Harper on the burglary of the res
idence of Claus Spreckels. Van Ness ave
nue and Clay streets, Monday night, but
as yet no arrests have been made. There
is a strong suspicion that an expert bur
glar was not the one who did the job, but
that it was done by one who was familiar
with the interior of the house. » '.
The Claus Spreckels Burglary.
For side rides to points on the Santa Fe.
Open to holders of Episcopal Church Con
vention tickets, friends accompanying
and holders of nine months' excursion
tickets. Dates of sale, September 23 to
November 10 inclusive. Limit 30 days.
For time tables, descriptive literature ana
I" 11 Information call at Santa Fe offices.
641 Market st., and ferry depot. -
Special Bates
Luther Burbank, propagator of the Bur
bank potato, of the seedless prune and
countless other varieties of vegetables
and fruits in this State, was honored yes
terday by the State Board of Trade. Bur
bank Is known as the wizard of the soil.
In Europe his reputation Is J widespread.
On one occasion, so it is authentically re
ported, when his name was mentioned,
the entire French assembly rose to its
feet in his honor as a benefactor of man
kind. If it is Indeed true, as a famous
writer has it, that he is twice blessed
who makes two blades of corn to grow
where one grew before, then Burbank is
entitled to be considered several times
blessed, for he has made many things
grow, edible and delicious, that were
never imagined before his magic skill and
knowledge caused them to come into ex
istence.
The State Board of Trade has decided
to make a complete collection of samples
of every form of vegetation to which his
name as propagator can be attached and to
keep a permanent exhibition of the same
at the rooms of the board In the ferry
building in this city. To carry this out.
Colonel John P. Irish, C. M. Wooster of
San Jose and B. M. Rowley of the Cali
fornia Fruit Grower were appointed a
committee. The Board of Trade at its
meeting yesterday also authorized W. H.
Mills and Secretary Filcher to make ar
rangements for storing at St. Louis the
portion of California exhibits now at Buf
falo that will be in shape to show at the
St. Louis Exposition in 1903.
Tim Megarty, the Australian boxer who
came to this country especially to meet
J" ry v- McGovern> has agreed to meet the
redoubtable "Kid" Lavigne. The boxers
are casting about for a club which will
v Ce i \u25a0. nem on tneir programjiie. This
should prove a drawing card, as Lavigne
is a favorite here, while there is * general
HL4? }$ see H e&arty Derform.
Phil Wand will referee the Walcott-Car
ter fight, which wil be held next Tuesday
evening in the Mechanics' Pavilion
Jeffries .has gone to Harbin Springs,'
where he will settle down to steady train
ing, in his meeting with "Joe" Kennedy
he. showed that all he requires is easy ex
ercise, which will keep mm in his present
robust health. He is full of life ana vital
ity and does not need to undergo \u25a0 any
building-up process such as a boxer would
require who had neglected himself for any
length of time. Jeffries has little to learn
about boxing or lighting, so that branch of
nis exercise can safely be cut down to a
minimum.
Ruhlln is in the same condition as Jef
fries. He has lived temperately out of
doors and will work into lighting condl-
The only matter in abeyance now is the
selection of a referee. It is generally un
derstood Harry Corbett will be' the man
il he can be prevailed upon to accept. The
club and the lighters want a local man
for referee. This shuts out the Los An
geles man who has retereed some minor
nghts down there and whose name was
mentioned in connection with the big
light.
The details preliminary to . the Jeffries-
Ruhlin championship fight were advanced
considerably yesterday. Most important
of all. "Billy" Delaney deposited with
Harry Corbett,. the stakeholder, Jeffries'
forfeit of $2500 in coin to guarantee his
appearance in the ring on the night of
November 15. This date was fixed abso
lutely.
The request of the Louisiana Purchase
Exposition for a loan of the Alaskan
commercial exhibit was referred to the
department of anthropology to determine
what portions might be safely shipped.
Suitable resolutions to the memory of
the late Joseph Le Conte'will be prepared
by a committee, consisting of Regents
Wheeler, Barnes and Slack.
The agricultural lands at Menlo Park,
belonging to the Flood endbwment, were
ordered rented' to the present tenant for
11000 a year.
12. I recommend a vote of thanks to Dr. E.
Sander for his generous offer to defray the en
tire expense of sending a delegate from the
department of pharmacy to the meeting of the
American Pharmaceutical Association in St.
Louis. The department was represented by its
dean. Dr. W. M. Searby.
11. It affords- me much pleasure to report the
gift to the department of pharmacy from a
number of friends of cash donations amount
ing to $650 for the library and equipment fund
of the post-graduate course, and in addition a
gift of 281 pharmaceutical books, periodicals
and pamphlets for the department library. Mr.
H. E. Law has presented to the university a
Schumacher duplicating machine, with inter
changeable dies and necessary accessories. This
will prove a very useful addition to the equip
ment of the pharmaceutical library. The raa
ckine represents a money value of $200. I re
commend that a vote of thanks be extended to
Mr. Law.
10. I recommend a vote of thanks to the heirs
of Professor Joseph Le Conte for their generous
gift, to the university of the bulk of his library.
The collection contains many well-nigh In
valuable . books, periodicals and scientific pa
pers. An exceedingly \u25a0 Interesting part of the
gift is the index rerum. an extraordinarily full
card index to Professor Le Conte's scientific
reading for the past fifty years.
Generous Gifts to University.
9. That Dr. Robert Orton Moody be appointed
assistant in anatomy at $1000 for the current
academic year. I recommend that of this sum
$300 be supplied from the amount appropriated
for the department of anatomy, and that the
remainder be taken from the funds of the med
ical department. Dr. Moody was born in Buf
falo, N. Y.. in 1864; studied in the Buffalo High
School, and afterward In the Buffalo State Nor
mal School; entered Cornell in 1885; graduated
from Cornell in 1891 with the degree of, B. S.
in natural history; from 1891 to 1S93 he was In
structor in histology In the Yale Medical School,
having practically entire charge of the de
partment, gMng all the lectures and conduct
ing all the recitations and laboratory work. In
1894 he received the degree of M. D. from
Yale. He spent the following year in New York
in graduate study. From 1895 to 1900 Dr. Moody
practiced medicine in New Haven, holding
meanwhile, the position of assistant in path
ology' in the Yale Medical School. Dr. Moody
cames to California from Cornell, where for the
past year he has been assistant In anatomy.
President's Messenger Resigns.
7. "With regret I present the resignation of
John Maison as janitor of North Hall, to take
effect September 30, 1901. Mr.. Maison has been
for thirteen years In the service of the.uni
versity. He was for nine years the president's
mesEcr.ser. He was the first volunteer to en
list in California for the Civil War. He served
for six years in the First California Volunteers
and in the Second United States Artillery. As
he is the recipient of a pension from the Gov
ernment and as he is ad-vanced in years, Mr.
Maison will now retire from work.
I recommend the following appointments in
the medical department:
8. That Dr. Leo Newmark, now lecturer on
neural pathology, . be. appointed professor of
neurology. ' Dr. Newmark began his studies in
the University of California, then went to Ger
many; In. 1887 received the degree of M. D.
from Strassburg, and the same year took the
German staatsexamen.
3. The appointment of James Hopper, Ph.B.,
'98. a% assistant in French, at the rate of $50
per month from Seotember 1. ia01.
4. The appointment of Arthur C. Nahl, B. S.
(mining), 1901, as assistant In mining, at the
rate of $60 per month from September 16. -
5. The appointment of \u25a0 Miss Louisa Adele
Place as assistant in physical culture, at the
rate of $40 per month Irom August 14. 1901.
6. The appointment of Mrs. Sadie Edfc-ar as
assistant janitor in the women's gymnasium,
at the rate of $30 a month from August 14,
1901.
I I recommend (l) the appointment of George
VV. bnaw, Ph.D., as assistant professor of a«-
I ncultural chemistry, in charge of beet sugar
industry, at $1500 per annum, from January
1, 19U2. Dr. Shaw nas received the degrees of
A.B., A.M. and Ph.D. from Dartmouth Col
lege. He was for two years professor of chem
istry and Physics at Whitman College, Walla
\\alla, vV ash. ;. resigned to accept a similar
position at Pacific University, Forest Grove,
Or. ; after two years resigned to become pro
fessor of chemistry in the Oregon State Agri
cultural College and chemist of the Oregon
Agricultural Experiment Station. DurinK the
nine years while he was professor of chemistry
at the Oregon State Agricultural College Dr.
Shaw was also State chemist of Oregon. He
published fifteen agricultural bulletins and
was a constant contributor to the agricultural
press. Dr. Shaw has in the press of the Ameri
can Book Comaany an elementary manual of
chemistry and is ; now at work upon a book on
the manufacture of beet sugar. He has had
much experience as a lecturer at farmers' in
stitutes. He comes to the University, of Cali
fornia from Grand Junction. Colo., where for
the last two years he has been chief chemist
and agricultural expert for the Colorado Sugar
Manufacturing Company.
2. The appointment of J. H. Severin of Mo
desto, Cal., as assistant in butter making at
a salary of $100 per mc»nth for October, No
vember, and December, 1901. Mr. Severin was
a member of the Wisconsin Dairy School, class
of 1895. Since then he has been engaged in
creamery work on the Pacific Coast and has
won^a high reputation as a. butter maker and
creamery manager.
A. more complete control of the Medical
Department of the University of Califor
nia will be assumed after January 1,
1902, by the regents of the university. The
funds that the Medical Department now
receives from tuition fees and other
sources will be handled as are other uni
versity funds and the board of trustees
that now govern this department will re
linquish its control. This course was de
cided upon at the meeting held yesterday
afternoon, at which were present Regents
PendJetoh, Irving, Wheeler, Barnes, Budd,
Ellinwood, Heaist, i Hellman, Houghton,
Reinstein, Rowell, Slack and Wallace, the
last named presiding. -
The report of the finance committee,
recommending ihat the Sacramento build
ing at 21 and 23 First street, recently dam
aged by nre, be repaired at a cost of JS3U2,
was aaopted and a contract was ordered
let.
> President Wheeler submitted the follow
ing, the recommendations being adopted:
Many New Appointments.
Many Recommendations by
University President
Adopted.
November \ Fifteenth Agreed
Upon as the Date of
the- Big Fight.
Assume Fuller Control
of the Department of
Medicine.
Deposits the Fighter's
Cash Forfeit With
Corbett. > \
DELANEY POSTS
JEFFRIES' MONEY
REGENTS AGREE
UPON NEW PLAN
THE SAN FRANCISCO, CALL, WEDNESDAY; OCTOBER 9, 1901.
Rev. Father McQuaide and -His Parishioners
Confident That It Will Prove a Great
' Success, Both Socially and Financially
BAZAAR TO RAISE FUNDS
TO COMPLETE NEW CHURCH
14
£&%IU&§>OV/BZ?^
Makes delicious hot biscuit, rolls,
crusts, griddle cakes and muffins.
ROYAL SAKINO POWDER CO.. NEW YORK.
A cream of tartar powder, absolutely pure.
IBBBHHBBBBBIBBHBaaHBBIHHUHflaBauailUUBB
1 (C3/\I5/Xi?f IP 1 The Penferf-^rl I
j 'wf^ vmxm r^Sj American Shoe. S
I v ' ' B
i Only in Europe are SOROSIS shoes sold S
j for more than $3.50 (where restrictive tariff I
I duties have made it necessary to charge $5.00 \
| per pair). Their sale has been wonderful. S
! The price in this country remains $3.50, g
| notwithstanding the reports circulated that \u25a0
| they would be sold at $5.00 after December g
j 1. SOROSIS shoes are only to be had at \
50 THJRD STREET, S, F., §
Second shoe store from Market. i
Agents for 'the celebrated Burt & Packard §
Korrect Shape $4 shoe for men. |
'. 'Phona Howard 102L ,
El *€\u25a0* m %33 & m Ek ceI W3
119 TAYLOR STREET.
CONVINCING ARGUMENTS
October 0, 10, U f 12.
P I ip in Spreckels* Best Cane£J IP
JSUfaAK P G U ra d nu1a&: - ~ S4.45
EGGS— GOOD RANCH, 30c.
nilTTrp Fancy Creamery. Q7 f A
HUNtK.jsjE f ablest 1 ?* 3/iC
Four limit.
EGGS— EASTERN RANCH, 2oC.
TP1O Choice of ten varieties, nr,
I tAo p °und jnC
1~ All new Pickings. No UUU
Prizes: just pure Tea at cut price. Regu-
lar 60c.
BUTTER WILL BE HIGHER.
DIITTCD E1 s! n Creamery, li-nni.
DU I I til ounce p °unds //ofi
UUMWI Best June Butter. LL Z»
Cut in Squares. No limit Thursday.
25c BOTTLE STUFFED OLIVES, 2Oc.
ADDIPHTO Moorparks. Pound... ft-
A" rSlbU I 0 m p °unds on Sale 5JQ
UNCLE JERRt PANCAKE
FLOUR. lOc.
PI I D CT Elsen Vineyard. Gallon A ft*
uLAtitl grvf't* 1011 ta w ble w i? e 4UC
1S97 \intage. Reg. 63c. \u25a0***•
CREAM, ANT BRAND, 3 TINS, 25c.
Ml 1011 Any Brand. Four Pack-ftp *
jYIUOn chlilenge," \u25a0'Goiden"west," *""
•>H Yuco. Freah. Quickly Prepared.
Two pounds each. Regular 10c.
FANCY CAKES. 20c lb, 16c
PflRT Or Sherr y; saiion OOa
rUn I St - Lawrence , Vineyard. KKfi
"'V 1 Full body, clear, mild tonic 00 "
wines. Saving of 37c. Usually $1 25
JESSE MOORE WHISKY, ftrt c '
t£ ~; H . ea "ns and fragrant. Antiseptic
for complexion, toilet and hath Our
regular price 25c; 3 cakes in a boi
KUNER'S BEANS, 4 tins 25c
HAM^- 11 brands ; pound ini*
"AlflOfave from BlTc to 75c on |3lG
. x... y° ur ham. Saturday IW 8 U
ail sizes. Worth from 16c to 13c.
CALIFORNIA
LIMITED
"THE SUPERIOR OF
THEM ALL"
Everything that tends to
speed, comfort, pleasure and
, . luxury unlimited. Reserve
berths for this famous train
at 641 market street.
IT LEAVES EVERY MONDAY AND
THURSDAY, 9,00 A.M., ON THE
SANTA FE
PHYSICIAN, box 1950. CaU 2ffi Iari •**""•
. . APyERTISEMENTS. " • \u25a0\u25a0__\u25a0_
'THIS MONTH WE WILL OFFER
1 to our: customers the largest and
most complete stock of Fine House-
keeping Goods ever shown In San
Francisco. These goods are from
the best makers in Europe and the
United States, and as we hug direct
from the manufacturer we are In a
position to sell at vepg low prices.
The lines we willspecialln show this
week are; Lace Curtains, Portieres,
Table Covers, Blankets, Tidies, Bed-
spreads, Toilet Sets, Tapestries, Plain
and Printed Denims, Towels, Table
Linens, Napkins, Crashes, Linen
Damask Sets, Glass Linens, Turkish
Towels, Made Sheets and Pillow
Cases. - -
EXTRA SPECIAL.
6 cases Extra Large Turkish Towels,
both White and Unbleached;
$2.OO Dozen.
-Regular price $3.50 dozen.
HI. 113, 115. 117. 119. 121 POST STREET. ,