VOLUME XCI.-NO 20.
SACRIFICE OF TWO LIVES AND MAIMING OF TWENTY-THREE OF THE PASSENGERS
AND RAILWAY MEN IN COLLISION OF SOUTHERN PACIFIC TRAINS AT UPLANDS
THE Southern Pacific wreck at Uplands early yesterday morning resulted in two deaths and more than a score of serious injuries, which in two cases are expected' to prove fatal. The southbound New Orleans Express, No. io,
and the northbound express, No. p, hadorders to pass at Uplands. Engineer Coffey of the northbound train ran past Uplands at a high rate of speed and his train dashed into th* southbound train as it was slowing down. N. H.
Foster, assistant general manager of the Pacific system of the Southern Pacific, places the blame for t he disaster -on Coffey. '* . ,
ENGINEER
DISOBEYS
ORDERS
Fireman and Mes
senger's Helper
Killed.
DISOBEDIENCE of orders by an en
gineer of the Southern Pacific Rail
road. Company, so the railroad offi
cials allege, was the cause of the
head-on collision between the north
and south bound limited trains on the
coast division at Uplands. Monterey Coun
ty, early yesterday morning, resulting in
the death of two persons and injury to
more than a. score of men and women.
There la an unverified rumor that two
tramps rifling the brakebeam were killed
_nd burned in the wreckage)
The trains In collision were southbound
JCo. 10. that left San Francisco on Wednes
day evening, and northbound. No. 9, that
left Los Angeles at noon of the same day.
The telegraphic orders given to the
crews of . the trains were . that the south
bound train should wait at Uplands on the
main track, and that the northbound
should take the siding and allow No. 10 to
pass.
Engineer John w. Coffey of the north
bound train negle:ted his orders. He
passed the siding at Uplands at a speed
■ A of between thirty and forty miles an hour.
The southbound train, •was slowing up and
xras proceeding at about five miles an
hour when the collision occurred.
The engines met with a terrific crash.
The train crews jumped for their lives.
but Fireman William C. Garland of the
northbound train was caught in the
wreckage and crushed to death.
A Wells-Farg-o Company's helper,
named Owen A. Thurber, was caught In
the mass of debris of his wrecked car on
the northbound train and killed.
Engine Alone of No. 10 Wrecked.
The southbound train escaped with but
the wreckage of the engine and tender,
ftnd the passengers and crew of trainmen
received only slight bruises.
The northbound train, -however, met
with severe disaster. When its big engine
plowed into the locomotive of No. 10 it
v/as forced upward into the air, then It
iell backward on the baggage car and
finally toppled on to the roof of the
fc emoker. crushing Into it and smashing
*^ie car Into kindling wood.
the horror of collision was added
the element of fire, The lamps In tha
Continued cm Page Two.
The San Francisco Call.
NORTHBOUND
TRAIN BRINGS
INJURED HERE
Crowds Witness Transfer
From the Cars to
Ambulances.
THE arrival last evening of the
irorthbound train that had been in
collision in the early morning at
Uplands was eagerly awaited by
hundreds of relatives and friends of
those who were passengers from the
south.
During the day the offices of the South
ern Pacific Company were visited by
crowds, and the information given out
was of a meager character. Beyond fur
nishing a list of the killed and Injured
the railroad officials gave out no news
from the scene of the disaster, and those
who were anxious for Information were
compelled to await the arrival of the
northbound train at 5:30 p. m.
Conflicting statements were made by
Southern Pacific officials as to th'e spot
where the injured would be taken from
the train. One department answered in
quiries by saying that the injured would
be taken off at Twenty-fifth and Valen
cia streets, while other officials asserted
that no stop would be made at that point,
but that the injured would be removed
at Third and Tow,nsend streets.
The Injured were not taken from ! the
train at either of the points mentioned.
The company ordered a number of am
bulances to wait for the train at Six
teenth and Harrison streets and at this
point the removal of the injured was ac
complished. ■ '•'.'-
A large number of relatives and friends
of those on the train congregated at the
depots at Third and Townsend streets and
at Twenty-fifth and Valencia streets, but
at neither point were the Injured re
moved. The train passed the Valencia-
Street depot at a high rate of speed, 'and
when it approached the. Sixteenth and
Harrison streets ' roundhouse it was slg-
SAN FRANCISCO, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 20, 1901.
SCENE OF THE DISASTROUS WRECK ON THE COASTLINE OF THE SOUTHERN, PACIFIC RAILROAD NEAR
UPLANDS, THE DEAD FIREMAN. THE TWO ENGINEERS " AND : A BRAKEMAN, 'ALL THREE OF .WHOM
NARROWLY ESCAPED DEATH. /^ f. ■■..■:■: • ;. . .
William C. Garland, fireman; 1471 Fifteenth
street, San Francisco.
"- ■ -J ■ . ■ * - y ' y ' ; ■ ■ - - '. - ■
John Cardona, section hand, San Luis Obispo;
severely burned, probably fatally.
Mrs. A. Wright, Los Angeles; contusions and
sprained neck.
L.. _•. Austin, brakeman, 663 Harrison street,
San Francisco; cuts on head and body.
John Kelshaw, Treasurer San Luis Obispo
County; internal injuries. . . . .'
Felice Rancantore, section hand, 724 Filbert
street, San Francisco; internal injuries.
Buena 1 Salvador, section "\ hand, 414j^ Green
street, San Francisco; injured internally, , probably
fatally. . . v . v '
. Christian Jensen, HaywaTds; burned and
crushed. . '-r-'Y' :?■■■■ ''i%V'
Francisco Saverino, section hand, 665 Broadway,
Oakland; burned and crushed.
Giuseppi Bondi, section hand, . 665 Broadway,
Oakland; legs injured. > ■='^8|
John Jordan, Rochester, NY Y.; cut and bruised
on arms and legs.
naled to stop by waving lanterns.
In* spite of this secrecy there was a big
crowd of men and women to witness the
removal of ■- the injured. ' Trainmen and
physicians . assisted those of the injured
who were able to walk to the ambulances,
while stretchers were utilized to move
those seriously injured.
In the dim light of lanterns the injured
presented a grewsome sight. Heads, arms,
legs and bodies were swathed in bandages,
many of which were deeply stained with
THE-DEADi
Owen A. Thurber, Wells-Fargo helper, Santa
Cruz. V. ' ' ■;.•-.. •
THE INJUREDi
Becker, Beauford, S. Dak.; cuts on hands
and face. ' ' V.:^\ '.'..■■ •
Christ Hendricksen, San Luis Obispo County;
burned, cut and injured internally.
H. C. Martin, i/os Angeles, Wells-Far go messen
ger; bruised back and internal injury*. .
Edmund Verrier, Arroyo GTande; c\Jt on hands.
John C. Williams, Stone Canyon, - Monterey
County; hands burned.
A. S. Wakefleld, Hiram, Ohio; cut on hands.
', - — - Hojcomb, Pullman car porter, north bound
train; cut on head and face.
; Charles Wasson, Tranquillity, Ohio; bruised.
Mrs. Holbridge, 1615 Ellis street, San Francisco;
left leg bruised. -
Mrs. Naughton, Los Angeles; bruised on chin and
lips cut.. ' «
Mrs. Gertrude Stewart, Delfer, Colo.; .right eye
bruised and neck sprained. . .;.'-; '; - >•'
i Mrs. L. Booth, Pasadena; slight shock.
Mrs; E. S. Sands, Casmalia; cut on lips.
blood. A few passengers who were only
slightly injured were', removed to hotels
and their homes, in carriages. The majdr
lty.of the injured were taken to the Rail
road Hospital, at Fourteenth and' Mission
streets, where they were placed In charge
of. the doctors and nurses. It was learned
late' last evening. that Buena Salvador and
John Cardon'a were in a precarious condi
tion and that \ their recovery was uncer
tain. '- , . . :■-: . .•"
\ The uninjured passengers r who - arrived
on the northbound'train could throw little
light on the collision. 1 Most of them were
In the sleeping berths when the crash took
place and . only had cognizance of events
that followed the wreck.
All 'the passengers .were loud in their
praises of B. A. Worthington, division su
perintendent of , the ; Coast Line, who'hur
ried to. the f scene of the accident 1 with a
Continued on Page Two.
WOUNDED MEN
ARE RESCUED BY
PASSENGERS
Thrilling Experiences of
Survivors Will Not
Be Forgotten
THE stories told by the passengers of
the illrfated trains are thrilling. In
the darkness atffl confusion that pre
vailed men were Impelled by a single
• thought— to save the Iive3 of the un
fortunates, men and women, lra
prlsoned in the debris, and they worked
like heroes to accomplish their purpose.
Amid the hissing of escaping steam, the
groans of the wounded and the shrieks of
frightened women the work of rescue
went on, the whole presenting a scene of
horror that will live. long in the memory
of those who 'were actors therein.
Within a few moments after the crash
thft sleeping passengers realized what had
happened. Those who were not too se
verely injured, at once left their coaches
and proceeded to the front of the trains,
where the engines and cars were piled up
in an inextricable mass of wreckage. The
engines, broken and twisted out of shape,
lay on their sides enveloped in clouds of
steam. The baggage and forward cars of
both trains were telescoped, seemingly
piled mountain high. To add to the horror
of the scene the wreckage cauorht fire, and
the Hrst care of the rescuers was to re
lease such persons as might be buried 'un
der the debris. The flames crept upward,
their fiery tongues becoming; more and
more distinct as they swept through the
inflammable mass. Several people were
rescued in the nick of time, and in order
that the entire trains might not be de
stroyed by fire the cars were uncoupled
by the: passengers and trainmen and
pushed away from the scene of the wreck.
This task accomplished, the wounded pas
sengers . were , cared for and . everything
possible done to alleviate their sufferings.
SAYS MORE LIVES WERE
LOST THAN EEPOBTED
Dr. Herndon of Oregon Gives an Ac
count of Accident and Rescue
• of Passengers.
Dr. Herndon of Ashland, Or., was one
of the passengers on train No. 9, north
bound. % He was seated in the chair car
atMhe.'tlme.'of the collision and xniracu-
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
OFFICIALS
FIX BLAME
ON COFFEY
Declare the Engineer
Was Guilty of
Neglect.
THE blame for the disaster on the
coast line of the Southern Pacific
Railroad system has been 'already
placed by the officials or: Engineer
John W. Coffey of the Ill-fated north
bound train.
N. H. Foster, assistant to the manager
of the Pacific system, made the following
statement at noon yesterday:
"The accident was due to Engineer
Coffey of train No. 9 violating his orders
and not following Instructions. He was
ordered to meet the southbound train at
Uplands and pass it there on the switch.
He did not do bo, but ran beyoncl Uplands
at a high rate of speed. Engineer Konold
obeyed his orders and was slowing up In
order to stop at Uplands when th« north
bound train ran into his engine. I have
received no statement from Coffey as to
why ha disobeyed orders."
When Foster was asked If h© could give
any reason as to why Coffey should make
such a terrible mistake he answered:
"He made the mistake In the same way
that all men make mistakes. That is the
only explanation I can give."
At the office of Superintendent Worth
ingto^ at the Third and Town3end streets
depot It was learned that the Instructions
for the two trains were sent out from the
San Luis Obispo dispatcher's office and
were roost positive that the trains should
meet at Uplands and pass on the double
track at that point.
lously escaped without injury. On his ar
rival in this City last night he said:
"The first knowledge we had o'f the ac
cident was a violent shock. I thought
this was caused by an explosion of dyna
mite and that we were being held up by
robbers. I started to go forward to in
vestigate and found that a lady in front
o* me was pinned down by her chair. 'I
raised her up and rendered as much as
sistance as I could. The scene In the car
was one I will never forget- The women
were screaming and the men were mak
ing a valiant effort to get out. In an
instant the car was filled with steam,
and this added to the scene. My first
thought was to get the Injured out of the
car. I rushed forward and found that
Con. tinned on Page Two.2
EXPRESS TRAINS RUSH TOGETHER AT ALMOST FULL SPEED QN STRAIGHT TRACK
AID LIVES " GO QUT ii THE CRASH OF ENGINES AHD PASSENGER-LADEN GAHS
EiEliitES DISOBEYS HIS ORDERS,
Continued from 2?agp One.
wrecked baggage car s?t fire to the splin
tered woodwork and iu a few minutes
lurid flames were leaping high above the
torn and twisted cars and engines.
The screams of women and children
were heard on all sides and only the work
of passengers and railroad men prevented
a terrible disaster. For but a small frac
tion of time did the accident seem to par
alyze the brains of those who had escaped
injury, then manhood asserted Jtself.
Some men worked with a will to prevent
the spread of the flames to the sleeping
cars of the ill-fated northbound train,
while others assisted the train men to un
couple the cars in the rear and push them
to a safe distance from, the scene of hor
ror.
Willing hands rescued the occupants of
the smoking and chair cars of the
wrecked northbound train and heroic
work was done by several physicians who
were on the train. The accident occurred
half a mile from Uplands, between San
Ardo and San Lucas. One of the train
men walked five miles to San Lucas, the
nearest telegraph station, and word of
the collision was at once sent to this city.
"Wrecking Trains Hurry to Scene.
> B. A. Worthinston, division superin
tendent of the coast tine, at once ordered
u special wrecking tram to leave this city
witnout delay and a number of doctors
were hastily summoned by telephone.
"Worthingxon and his party left San
Krancisco under orders to run through
10 Uplands as speedily as possible, and
they reached the wreck at daylight.
Another wrecking train witn doctors on
board was ordered to proceed from San
.Uuis Obispo to the scene of the disaster,
und the injured were well cared for wheu
me wrecking trains arrived.
Those who were injured on the north
bound train were occupants of the smok
ing and chair cars. - Tnose in the sleepers
escaped with a shaking up. The chair
and smoking ears were immediately be
hind the baggage and express car and in
front of a tourist car. The balance of the
train was made up of five standard Pull
man sleeping cars.
The tirst reports of the wreck sent to
this city were most alarming. It was
slated that between thirty and forty pas
tengers had been killed and that the in
jured numbered more than one hundred.
According to statements made by some
of the passengers on the northbound
train, the excitement following the colli
sion lasted but a short time, but was'
very intense during that period. When
reason resumed its sway the work of
rescue proceeded rapidly.
On No. 9 was a party of Southern Pa
cific officials, and they took charge of af-'
fairs until the wrecking train arrived.
The party consisted of Assistant Man
ager Agler; R. Koehler, manager of the
lines in Oregon; J. R. Laws, superin
tendent of the Carson and Colorado divi
sion; W. S. Palmer, superintendent of the
Sacramento . division, and J. H. Wallace,
engineer of the maintenance of ways de
partment.
The first thought of the officials was
that of rescuing those who were pinned
down by the burning wreckage of the
smoking and chair cars. The crackling
of the flames and the hiss of escaping
Kteam were not loud enough to drown the
cries of the sufferers, and the darkness of
the night added to the weirdness of the
scene.
Passengers "Work Heroically. »
Some of the male passengers in the
Pullman sleeping cars had hastily donned
part of their clothing and they worked
with ax and other implements regardless
of their thin attire. There were many
women who also aided to alleviate the
sufferings of the wounded, and portions
of feminine clothing were used as ban
dages to stanch the flow of blood until
the proper appliances could be furnished
by the doctors who were hurrying to the
wreck.
There was a sorry spectacle presented
when daylight broke and a survey could
be taken of the scene of the dfsflster. The
engine and tender of the south-bound
train were lying on their sides in the ditch,
twisted and bent beyond recognition. The
cars of th,is train had been moved back
some distance by the passengers and train
men.
The wrecked locomotive and tender of
the north-bound train lay in a blackened
heap, while the remnants of the smoking.
chair and combination baggage car
burned fiercely. The tourist and Pullman
cars of the north-bound train stood on
the track some distance from the scene
of the collision.
The passengers of the two trains did all
that was possible for those who had been
injured. Sleeping-berths were given up to
the men and women who had been cut,
bruised, maimed and scalded, and stimu
lants were handed over to the doctors
who were attending the injured.
When the wrecking trains arrived from
San Francisco and San Luis Obispo the
work of building a temporary track was
commenced immediately. The relief phy
sicians took care of the injured and re
placed temporary dressings and bandages,
■while the sufferings of many of the In
jured were assuaged by the use of opiates.
Trainmen Instructed Not to Talk.
The hour of the disaster was 1:05 a.
m., and it was not until 11 a. m. that the
temporary track was finished and the
trains were able to proceed on their jour
ney.
The north-bound train was placed in
charge of a new crew of men and the
start was made for this city. Engineer
Coffey was warned by his superiors in the
railroad service that be was not to make
any statement to the newspaper men, and
eimilar warnings were given to the re
mainder of the train hands who were in
the collision.
The bodies of the killed wer4 taken
fl TOP NOTCH
SHOE
FOR
TOP NOTCH FOLKS
AT A
BOTTOM NOTCH
PRICE.
IT'S A BEAUTY.
HERE IT IS FOR
n BSAUTtFUL,
STYLISH,
STRONG
WOMAN'S SHOE.
It's made of vtel kid. is circular
foxed, extension . soled, patent tips
military heel. A new mannish last. Sllk-
taced and a efcoe well worth and usu-
aJly sold for $3. . Our price, we say
azain, is
WE LEAD IN
CHILDREN'S FOOTWEAR.
LIPPITT & FISHER,
945 Market St.
We give reA and green trading Ftamps.
OPEN EVERY EVENING.
charge of by the Coroner of Monterey-
County and removed to San Ardo, where
the Inquest will be held.
The crew of the north-bound train came
to this city, while the men who operated
the south-bound train proceeded to the
end of their run at San Luis Oblspo.
The crewfe in charge of the two trains
were as follows:
North-bound train— Engineer, John W.
Coffey; conductor, "\V. J. Williams; brake
men, M. G. Ely and L. L. Austin.
South-bound train— Engineer, A. Ko
nold; fireman, William C. Garland; con
ductor, . Wallace; brakemen, Bye and
Green.
— • • ■ /
SCENES IN VICLNTITY
OF DISASTROUS WBECK
Engines and Cars Blockade the Track
Until Bails Are Laid Around
Them.
The train dispatcher at San Luis Obispo
and the agent at Salinas are both of the
opinion that the" engineer of the north
bound train disobeyed orders. It appears
that the northbound express was due to
arrive at San Ardo at 12:50 a. m. and the
express from San Francisco was to pass
at that point. The northbound train was
scheduled to take the siding and wait
until the southbound train had passed.
This siding is at Uplands. Instead of
taking the siding and waiting Engineer
Coffey negligently overran his switch 1000
yards and crashed into the train of En
gineer Konold and the unfortunate fire
man, William C. Garland. Passengers say
that the northbound train was running at
the rate of fifty miles an hour and others
testify that the southbound train was
slowing up as per rule when the collision
occurred.
Three cars were demolished and all that
remains of them is the metal, the wood
having been consumed by fire. Some of
the heavy steel wheels were cut as though
It had been done by some master me
chanic armed with proper tools. The
mass of iron presented the appearance of
a small hill. In one heap fifteen or twenty
feet high and scattered over a radius of
100 feet is what remains of the splendidly
equipped cars. The tender of one of the
engines was thrown twenty-five or thirty
feet from the- track. The baggage car is
beyond recognition. It was thrown off
the track and turned completely over.'
There were enough holes in It to give the
car the appearance of a sieve. It was
in this car that Thurber, the Wells-Fargo
messenger's helper, lost his life and H.
C. Martin, the baggage-man, was in
jured.
When the news of the dreadful wreck
was -made known to the officials of this
city and San Luis Obispo relief trains
containing physicians and wrecking crews
■were dispatched to the scene to aid the
injured and to clear the track. From San
Luis Obispo Drs. Edwards, Abbott, Mur
phy and Parker were dispatched, and
from this city a corps of physicians and
attendants was sent at a rate of speed
that soon brought them to the place ! ot
collision. •
The doctors Worked over the injured and
for hours were busy dressing wounds and
relieving the fears of the timid. Those
who were in need of further medical at
tention were placed on board the relief
train and brought to this city. During
the long trip northward every attention
was paid the injured.
The wrecking crews worked with a will
and soon had a, greater portion of the
debris removed. They were forced to stop
in their work until the Coroner of Mon
terey County had an opportunity of gath
ering a jury to inspect the wreck. The
Coroner was delayed somewhat by being
compelled to go to San Lucas and secure
possession of one of the bodies, which had
been taken there without official sanction.
The delay in clearing the track proved
a costly one for the railroad company.
The Sunset Limited and two freight trains
were held at Bradley, a station close to
the scene of the wreck. The track was
completely blockaded, and it wa3 neces
sary to build a spur around the debris in
order to allow the trains to pass. More
than fifty men were pressed into service,
and before night the delayed trains were
able to continue on their way.
It was reported at a late hour last night
that all the mail on train No. 10 was
saved.- but mail on the north-bound train.
No. 9, gathered from points between Los
Angeles and the scene of the disaster,
was destroyed. Fortunately only a small
amount of Los Angeles mail was on the
train. •
Considerable money was spilled In the
car occupied by the Wells-Fargo mes
senger. The safe containing the bullion
is still In the wreck and guards are on
watch to prevent it being stolen.
Sheriff Keefe of Monterey County was
a passenger in the chair car of the north
bound train and he was pinned In the
wreckage and escaped death in the flames
by a miracle. Passengers chopped away
the debris and pulled him out while the
car was burning. He was seriously in
jured and was taken to San Lucas for
treatment.
Milton G. Ely, a brakeman on No. 9,
won the approval of his superiors by his
prompt action in notifying them of the
•wreck. There was no station within less
than five miles of the wreck and no one
was competent to tao the wire. He walked
and ran the five miles over the track in
record time and sent the first message of
the accident.
Fortunately for the Injured passengers
ther<» were three physicians on train No.
9. Dr. Morrison of the Santa Fe was
aboara, as were also Dr. Truax. a well
known Eastern physician, and Dr. Hern
don of Ashland. Or. These medical gen
tlemen did everything in their power to
succor the Injured.
BECEIVE NEWS OF
DISASTER WITH TEARS
Wives of Wounded Trainmen Give
Evidence of Their Great Sorrow
and Anxiety.
Engineer A. Konold of train No. 10 saved
his life by jumping a moment before the
trains collided. He was Injured about the
face and neck, but not seriously. He has
a wife and two children living at 1894 Mis
sion street.
Mrs. Konold was in great mental dis
tress yesterday after the publication of
the meager details of the accident. Dur
ing the day she received a telegram from
her husband announcing that his injuries
were slight, but she could not convince
herself that this was true. Her greatest
fear was tlrat blame for the accident
might attach to her husband, and when
she learned that this was not the case sh*
gave evidence of intensest joy. Konold
was for eleven years an engineer on the
Rio Grande Western, and has been in the
employ of the Southern Pacific for two
years.
Salvadora Euenacorso, one of the
wounded track hands, has a family at 414%
Green stryct. He was married four years
agro and has one child. He left the city
to work on the Southern Pacific road at
Ran Pedro about four months ago: His
wife first learned of the accident when
a reporter called at her residence and
made inquiries concerning her husband.
When she realized that perhaps her hus
band was fatally wounded she became
hysterical. Her shrieks aroused the neigh
borhood and in a few minutes fifty peo
ple were on the scene. Mrs. Buenacorso
would not be comforted until the news ar
rived that her husband's injuries were
slight. ■•-•:-. •<«
A similar scene was presented at the
home of Felice Rancantore, 724 Filbert
street. Rancantore suffered severe inju
ries, but this fact was withheld from
the wife of the wounded man. ■ He has
two children, and came to this city from
Chicago about a year ago. He left the
city to work on a section in the southern
part of the State some seven months ago.
WELLS-FABGO MESSENGEB
A NATIVE OF SANTA CRTJZ
Owen A. Thurber, the Wells-Fargo ines
eenger who was killed in the wreck near
San Ardo, was a son of I: L. Thurber of
Santa Cruz. He was 27 years of age and
unmarried. He was born and reared in
Santa Cruz and was very well . known In
that vicinity. He had. been stationed at
Pacific Grove for almost a year and was
making his first trip south. At one time
he was connected with the Santa Crua
Fire Department, He was a member of
the Knights of Pythias, Foresters and
Maccabees, and held a prominent . place
in social circled.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FEIDAT, DEUESiBKR 20, 190.1.
NORTH-BOUND TRAIN ARRIVES,
Continued front Pagfe One.
force of doctors from this city. Worthing
ton personally looked after the comfort
of the passengers, and men and women'
told last eveningr how he had accomplished
the work of many men.
Many of the passengers lost their be
longings in the trunks that were burned
up in the wreck of the baggage car. Mail
matter was 1 also destroyed and currency
belonging to the Wells-Fargo Company
was consumed in the fire. It is estimated
that the company's loss in rolling stock
la $50,000. • • . . . . . \
TOXTBIST CAR MENACED
BY FLAMES" OF WRECK
Passengers Tell of Experiences When
Awakened by Force of •
Collision. <£
In the tourist car, No. 200S, of the north
bound train there were many passengers
who had a narrow escape. The car was
next to the chair car, that was wrecked
and burned, and the flames set fire to the
front part of the tourist sleeper.
Lieutenant J. A. Thomas of Company
68 of the Coast Artillery was in this car
with his wife and infant child. None or
the passengers in this car were injured,
but all were badly scared and were m a
nervous condition when they arrived in
this city last evening. '■
In speaking of the accident the wife of
Lieutenant Thomas said:
"We were asleep in our berth when the
crash came. My first thought was of my
baby, and my husband took it in his arms.
The noise was terrific, and while we real
ized that our car was safe we saw the
glare of the fire and hurried to dress and
leave the place. The front of our car was
on fire, and the men worked hard to put
out the flames and get the car away from
the scene of the wreck. We had an ex
citing time, and our first visit to Califor
nia will be ever remembered."
W. W. Savage, a traveling man from
Salem, Or., told of his experiences in the
chair car.
"I was asleep in a chair, he said,
"when there was a fearful crash and I
was thrown out of the chair. The train
came to a stop almost immediately after
the collision, and then the roof of our car
-fell in. The heat from the escaping steam
was bad enough, but I was pretty well
frightened when I saw the wreckage
catch fire. I was not injured, and I helped
others to get- out of the burning cars.
Everything was done that it was possible
to do. We moved the cars away from the
burning wreckage and helped the train
men to get the wounded people to a place
of safety. Then men and women did what
they could to assist the three doctors who
were on the train In giving aid to the
wounded. There was little for the pas
sengers to do after that but to wait for
the wrecking trains. It was a fearful ex
perience, and it is a wonder to me that
more people were not killed and injured."
Similar statements were made by Mr.
and Mrs. E. E. Stewart of Denver, who
were in the tourist car with their two
little children; Sclpio Craig of Redlands,
Miss Rothermel of Berkeley, William E.
Smith of San Diego, Miss S. Kelton of
Ukiah, Miss R. S. Ismert of Ventura and
A. Allen of Los Angeles.
BRAKEMAN AUSTIN KNEW
DANGER LOOMED AHEAD
Attempted to Set Emergency Brakes
When Train Rushed Past Up
lands Siding. ,
Brakeman L. L. Austin, who was on the
northbound train, and who received con
tusions on the head, made the following
statement • last evening upon his arrival
tn this city:
I was in the chair car when the collision oc
curred. We were to stop at Uplands, but
did not do so, and I realized, even In the dark
ness, that we had passed that station.' I jump
ed for the cord and so did the conductor, in
order to throw on the emergency brakes. There
was no air, however, as the- engineer had used
it all in putting on the brakes. I suppose he
saw the headlight of the other train and put
the brakes on. We were going at the rate of
thirty-five miles an hour when we crashed into
the other train. I cannot understand why our
engineer did not stop at Uplands. He has
been on the run for a long time a'nd knows
the road and its rules.
S. Irvine of Banning, a passenger in tho
chair car, was severely scalded by the
escaping steam of the engine when it top
pled over and crashed into the car. His
hands were enveloped in bandages as he
was taken to an ambulance from the
train last evening. In speaking of the
accident Irvine said:
We were running along very fast and ex
pected to get into San Francisco on time. I
was dozing in a chair of the car when the
smash came. The next instant it seemed as if
tho top of the car fell in and I could see the
engine on top of us. The car was filled with
steam from the engine and then the broken
lamps set flre to the shattered woodwork. It
was a terrible sight, and the screams of the
injured and the noise of the steam were simply,
deafening. I managed to work my way out of
the car and it seemed a long time ere I
reached the open air. The flames were close
on to me when I got out of the car. The
work of other passengers certainly saved many
lives, for there were lots of men pinned down
In the wreckage and In danger of being burned
to death. *
PARENTS PRO STRATED
OVER THEIR SON'S DEATH
William C. Garland, the Young Fire
man, Well Known in the Mis-
sion District.
William C. Garland, the young fireman
who lost his life In the wreck, was a resi
dent of this city. He was the son of Wal
ter E. Garland, timekeeper of the Mar
ket-street Railway, who resides at 303
Shotwell street. The young man was a
prominent member, of the Brotherhood of
Engineers and well known throughout the
Mission district. He was 21 years of age
and had spent three years in the employ
of the Southern Pacific Railway Com
pany. Despite his youth, he had won a
high place in the esteem of his superiors,
and about a year ago was appointed to a
position of fireman on the main line.
Garland was born in Santa Rosa, but
had spent the greater part of his life in
this city. He was a graduate of the Mis
sion Grammar School. He was very pop
ular and was noted for his exemplary
habits and strict attention to duty.
The young man's parents are alm'ost
prostrated over the suddenness of his
death. His mother was visiting at Caza
dero when she first learned of the news of
the sad accident, ft Being a considerable
distance from the. station, she was com
pelled to ride horseback in order to catch
the train for this city. Kind friends und
.relatives are doing their utmost tolesssn
her grief. : , v
Walter E. Garland, the young fireman's
father, will leave this morning for Sa
linas to bring the remains of his son to
this city. The funeral will be. held, fi'om
the residence of the parents, 305 Shotwell
street, and will probably be under the:di
rection of the Brotherhood of -Englneer3.
TELLS HOW THE-INJTTRED
WERE TAKEN ' FROM CARS
H. "W. Bishop of Los Angeles De
scribes the Scenes After the
Terrible Collision^
H. W. Bishop of Los Angeles was in
the thick of the smash-up and his escape
from instant death , was a narrow, one.
Bishop was in one of the forward cars
of the north-bound ; train when the colli
sion occurred. He was badly shaken up,
but was able to extricate himself and aid
the injured. He tells a graphic story of
the accident and how the passengers were
saved from being burned alive. He sail
last night: . .
"The first thing we did after the shock
was to turn our attention to saving the
Injured. Knowing the danger of fire, we
hurried the stricken people from, the cars
and ; th,en all worked hard to ; save the re -
rnaining- ; cars from ■ being destroyed by
flames. While the forward cars were
burning I entered them . to see if by
chance any one was left there. The smoke
was so dense and the heat so great that
it ..was impossible to discover if any, one
was there. 'I feel certain that every per-
son was removed from the cars before
they were burned. -
"The only people who were killed or
badly injured were in the smoker. They
were mostly Italians and Portuguese.
The people, in the chair car were badly
shaken up, but no one was seriously in
jured.
"The engineer of our train was to
blame. He was negligent In overrunning
his switch. The passengers on both trains
did splendid work. If it was not for them
more lives would have been lost. They
uncoupled the cars and 'pushed them back
and did everything in their power to aid
the Wounded." .' .
SUPPLIES TRAIN CREW
. WITH AXES AND HAMMERS
Pullman Porter Broadnax Breaks
Open Tool Boxes and Helps to
Extricate Passengers.
Porter Broadnax of the Pullman car.
Tunis rendered excellent service . during
the excitement. He did not forget his
duty during the hour of peril. Immedi
ately after the engines collided Broadnax
sprang for tools and distributed them
among passengers able to use them in
freeing the injured. In telling of 'the
wreck he said: . ' ■
'■I stood in the middle of my car Tunis
when th« accident happened. I did not
realize at first what had occurred. The
shock seemed a mild one, 'but when I
heard the rending of timbers I knew that
something awful had happened. I imme
diately rushed to the end of the. car and
threw open the vestibule doors.- Then I
broke open the tool boxes and- supplied
the passengers and crew with axes, saws
and other implements.
"The train caught fire immed'ately. Our
efforts were devoted to savins the re
maining cars and rescuing- the injured.
We all worked hard, and I am happy to
say that many lives were saved. Cars
were uncoupled and pushed out of dan
ger. Accidents will happen, and 1 am
glad it is no worse than it proved to be."
COFFEY DECLINES TO
DISCUSS THE WBECK
■Engineer of North-Bound Train Or
dered Not to Tell of the
Collision.
Engineer Coffey of No. 9, the north
bound train, was the first of those who
were in the wreck to reach the city. He
succeeded in catching a train in advance
of tho one which was delayed by the col
lision. Although he escaped without sus
taining any injury, he was almost in a
state of collapse. He hurried at once to
his home at 2920 Sixteenth street to assure
his wife by his presence that he' had not
been injured.
When asked how the wreck occurred
he refused to answer on the ground that
he had been instructed not to say any
thing for publication. He persisted in his
refusal to talt and declined even to give
an account- <W the passengers who ware
injured. ■
OAKLANDEHS RECEIVE
SERIOUS I2TJUBI.ES
Two Italian Laborers Rsturniag
Home for the Christmas S3a
son Are Badly Hurt.
OAKLAND, Dec. 19.— Francisco Saverno
and Giuseppe Bondi, two of the Italian
laborers Injured in the railroad wreck, are
well known in the local Italian colony.
They have been employed as section
hands in the neighborhood of Santa Bar
bara and were on their way to Oakland
to spjend the Christmas holidays.
When in Oakland Bondi makes his home
with his brother-in-law, Giuseppe Jareno.
at 665 Broadway. He has a wife and threa
children In Italy.
Saverno, who is a single man, also
makes the. Jareno home his residence
when In Oakland. He is a barber by trade
but has been working for the Southern
Pacific Company for the past six months.
He is aoout 38 years old.
Jensen Has Large Family.
OAKLAND. Dec. 19.— Christian Jensen,
who was Injured in the collision. Is a
farmer, residing in the foothills near Hay
wards. He is a man about 50 years old
and has a large, family, all grown up. He
Is a brother of ex-Supervisor Jensen.
McKinley Memorial Fund.
Following 1 is the statement of the Mc-
Kinley monument fund to date:
Hon. Frederick S. Stratton, $50; Lincoln Post
No. 1. G. A. R.. $25; Pelton Water Wheel Com
pany, $25; Roth. Blum & Co.. $20; John Martin
A. Co., $20; Bauer Bros. & Co.. $20; E. L.
Hueter $20; Gundlach-Bundschu Wine Com
pany, $20; Charles R Allen, $20; D. Samuels
Lace House. $15; E. L. Allen. ?10; Herrtn-Hall-
Marvln Safe Company, $10; Thomas Jennings,
$10; Sterling Furniture Company, $10; B. Arn
hold & Co., $10; Charles It. Plum Company,
$10; Mission High School,- $8 05: cash' (through
B. & H.), $7; A. F. Ounn. $5; James Glbb.
Merchant street, ?5; James D. Bailey, $5: Cal
ifornia Pattern Works. $5; Tudor J. A. Ttede
man, W; Sargent Lodge 303. I. O. O. F.. $5;
G. A. Berton & Co., $5; Carrau & Green, $5;
George Bee & Co.. $u; Charles S. Neal, $3;
Fred J. Baurnel, $5; Mrs. E. B. Gray, $5;
Alexander D. Keyes. $5; Neighborhood Sun
chine Society, $2 75: Archie L,. Het
trick, $2 00; Edna, | Elinor, - Vivian and
Stella Duane, $2; Charles Strohmaler, $2: J.
Hamilton. $1; C. Boltz. ?1; A. Dobson. $1: Wil
liam - Stell (Bureau of Streets), $1: William
Fitzgerald, $1; S. de Greayer, $1; C. B. Per
kins $1; J. A. Daiziel, fl; Toy San, $1; C. H.
S. $1; Fung. $1; G. D.. $1; Lu Kwonor Way,
$l"; Lee Berr. $1; Fin Chun. $1: R. M.. 50c:
H McAfee, 50c; Miss Herbert, 50c; Miss Her
bert, 40c; O. H. J., 25c; Henry Blumer. 25c;
Nathan Abbott, 10c. Total to date, $28,055 45.
. ._^^^^ i I iiii1i I ,.ii,i I i I .ii,.-i.,i,.ui, I ii ui_ ..... " ' :__
B" smoking jacket is perhaps f f <p^5?r=ii=S^k iTvS^^^^l
a best suited to> please the j I) L_ J3 V\ifT^$| M MM-
| men folks. It affords com- ft » r^Ssr^ff J \T JSiH
I fort and pleasure, and is J j] j\ J "J8
H quite proper as a house 9j L d tt i
| coat or lounjrinct coat, as ' 1L^^\% I |
| some ladies call it whose ~~^U''<Z>A \ kM
| husbands don't smoke. kW*&€\ J^^P^^S^^^I
1 Without doubt, we have MM^A^^ff^M^^Wl
1 the largest assortment of »Wf^^^#^Sf 1
I smoking jackets in San ji^^J^S^^^^^^^^^ f f
I Am^ngjhe^imny different f^^^^^^^^^ j I
H, faced material).. The colors ■^* —-fc—lll ™ - ™™ 1 " -l ™'" IH " iai ' B * - ™ > ™"™"" 1 * — '"" — "«
B arc green, brown, tan, oxford gray and navy, with the reversible si^ H
B of the cloth, which is of differentypattern, serving as the trimminv ra
H for the pockets, sleeves and^ollar. The prices in this popular sty!', {a
H. are J?5-«0, < $.ft.OO. $7.5O, Jj.lO.OO, $12.oO. |3
t| We also have smokine jackets made* of Tricot cloth, in brown js
Ij navy blue and garnet, variously trimmed, -in rich effects. Price? w
II Some exceptional values are jackets made of velveteen, in blac!c. .0
a navy blue and wine color, neatly trimmed. Price $10.00. H
H Whatever your. fancy is you will find: it in our immense assort- 'H
H ment.'and in each instance the price is lowest possible consider- as
U ing the good quality of the goods. w
tj Out-of-town crders f Led— write us. H
WOUNDED MEN BRAVELY RESCUED
Continued from Page One.
the front of the car was caved in and be
neath the debris I «"»w tne Sherin! of
Monterey County. I started to help him
and he said, 'For God's sake help me.
This stuff is pressing the life out of me.'
I then yelled to the porter to bring an ax
and we cut away the woodwork and took
him out. We all helped to pull women
and men out of the car.
"As a physician I was kept very busy.
I gave as much comfort as I could to -the
injured. The sights I witnessed .were in
deed pitiable. 1 saw four charred bodies
pulled out of the wreck. In my opinion
and in the opinion of others there was no
reason - why the accident should
have occurred. It is true that it was
night, but the trains were traveling on
a broad plain and the engineers should
have seen the " danger. It was .criminal
negligence on the part of some one. I
have lost my baggage, but I ought to be
thankful of escaping without injury.
1 "The car I was in caught fire .almost
after we took the Injured from the train.
There Is a well defined rumor that a
woman ahrt-' her. ~\vo cl iitircn were .mrneJ
in the vr€cJf. ■
"We all wurkeil like beavera to' proven:
the. other cs.rs from catching fire. Th3y
were uncoupled and pushed some ins
tance away, I ,was on my way from
Mexico and had valuable curios In my
baEgrage." ' .
BRAK2EEAN ELY'S STORY
OF THE CATAS'TEOPHE
Employe Walks Fire Miles to Wire
/ News of Accident to Rail
way Company.
Milton G. Ely, a brakeman on the
northbound train. In charge of Conductor
Williams, .was at the rear end of the
train at the time of the collision. He tells
the following story of the occurrence:
"It was just 1:05 o'clock when the acci
dent occurred. We had received orders
at-. San Ardo to meet No. 10 at Uplands.
We were a train's length west of tha
west switch at that place when No. 10
hove in sight. I was unaware that there
was anything wrong until I was thrown
fuil length upon the, floor cf the car. We
crashed on ahead for several feet and the
train then came to a halt.
"My. first impression was that we had
broken in tr/o. i I rushed out and on
going on ahead found -that we were in a
nead-cn collision. The passengers and
crew began the work of assisting the
wounded, and I was sent to San Ardo to
wire the general office of the affair. It
was a five-mile walk, and the best I
could do was to cover the distance in one
hour and a quarter.
"The accident, as far as loss of life Is
concerned, was not as serious as it
might have been. There were two men
killed and eight badly injured. Many of
the passengers were slightly bruised, but
if any were seriously injured I am not
aware of tho fact. I know nothing as to
dlsobedieneo of orders, and I cannot say
who is responsible for the accident."
SCENE OF PANDEMONIUM
AI10NG THE PASSENGER 3
J. W. Erwin Describes His Experi
ences and What He Saw of
the Wreck.
Among 1 those who were the wreck
were J. W. Erwin, assistant superintend
ent af the free delivery system. United
States mail, John G. Fraxer and Charles
B. Hurbut, mall clerks. Frazer lives in
Oakland and Hurbut at Elmhurst. All
three men escaped without injury. Mr.
Erwin said last evening:
I was In the sleeping ear with my head to
the engine when there came a bang that threw
me out of my berth. I never dressed as qutck
lj* before In my life, as I didn't know what
might happen next. ■' i
In order tg reach the head of the train I bad
to go through two tourist cars, a chair car.
a smoking ear and a combination baggage and
express car. The smoking car was telescoped
into the chair car ani a greater scene of con
fuston I never saw. Women and children were
screaming and strong men were j ylamllnsr
around net knowing which way to move. I had
a spasm of self-consciousness and Anally with
the help of others got the children out on the
track.
Then I continued my way forward and the
sight was a terrible one. Our locomotive,
which had been going north, was headed
south, while the engine- of No. 10, which had
been headed south, was in the ditch keeping
tho mail car company. What with the crack
ling of the burning cars, the cries of the
women and children,' the frantic cries of the
men for assistance and the hiss of escaping
steam there was- a scene that approaches nearer
to pandemontum than ever Dore depicted.
Many people were scalded by bursting steam
pipes. Many werp hurt In the smoker and a
few were injured in their mad rush for safety.
MAY FIX MINIMUM WAGE
OF CITY'S LABORERS
City Attorney Lane filed an opinion yes
terday in which he advises that the
Board of Supervisors, under the power
granted it to fix the compensation of all
laborers in the service of the city, may
fix a minimum wage of $2 50 a' day of
eight hours, notwithstanding the power
given to the Board of Works and Park
Commission to fix the compensation of
their employes.
The opinion affects laborers on any
public utility that may hereafter be ac
quired by the city, and tho proposed ordi
nance fixing the rate of wages at $2 50 per
diem for all city laborers will, in all like
lihood, be' parsed by the Supervisors.
Why win not all men insist upon having it, when it is so easy to get and to
keep. Some men are eaten alive by tape-worms, others wander hopelessly for
years dying slow deaths from bowel disease.
~ ' *' "Af*er taking two Casearets. there eame on the scene a tbtt
r»v. unexpected visitor in the ah-pe of o tape-worm el shtoenfeefc
>SEg^=5j'J5fe<^v. Ions at least, which I am sure caused xny o»d heait^a lor thre*
/■«5§^Si3||pS||^\ years."-Geo. W. Bowles, Balrd, Miss.
/^S^sc?"^^^^^ "After taking Cascarets I have had a natural relief withon*
• fi-' / *9$f taking medicine of any sort during the past two weeks. Thl»
iSi- IS hadnOtOCCUrredf °-C^ a . r K"penny. 601 Tatea Ave.. Brooklyn.
KgJ'a §S« "For tlire-s years I have fceen aCSicted with diabetes. Sine*
(Kjjft^B**,. -/4 \ 3S»\ nghi" Cascarets I have found preat relief and feel taas i mart
W^3| t%^Wf 8CndVu my Per3O - a crH?Ly^an. a 8U West AvY, Buffalo, N. T.
>iw -JS .. "I have been tisine Cascarets . f or stomach trouble of six
S^s^i'«3»**^j^ -Tascarets cured mo of the pile*, with which 1 had lon-
S^^ s^S S T| : > f Sf/ gufi'2red."-J. L. Wolleson, Perry, Oklahoma.
"Cascarets are the only remedy I hare ever used that cans*
M^&y$J«OTra5^k n fine easy movement of the bowels without impairing th«
A^MW^W H* functions of tho stomach." - Chas. S. Campt ell. Sunbury. Pa.
JEM " I&& "I used Cascireta for insomnia, witli which I have beett
.*#\ T 'Jlllk^ l<:tedfOrtWentyyearS " Theyj^°"Gm a ?d?EKimnoi fc
y^^lljv I A&F&$&§±£l "I ha*» Given Casearets a thorough trial In sa
>^f<Sr&?SS3^9s k _l_ J -<^»^BSy obstinate ease of constipation at a time when pile*
Wf Wer9f ° rminS - U^^ale 1 S!v y an?i h %r^3!^«L
J&S^MrV^^fjy fkSjft "Cascarets cured mo of flux of Ion? standing* '
"d«£\ r \1s% r : 'i{ p&J They are worth their wcipht in diamonds."
ffl\ Jp» — Leopold JCahn, Wapakoneta, Ohio.
Business as well as. social life of today is one of strain and effort, and th»
struggle for existence in competition makes life a fight day mdayoj^m wtach
care of body, nerves, blood is more or less neglected Men wonder what s
wrong with them. No man can stand snch unnatnral conditions unless he
counteracts them by using Cascarets Candy Cathartic jcansing regularity of
body in spite of irregularity of habits. A man who feels bad should tak*
CascaTets, find out what's wrong and be cared.
yn_ *^ Best for the Bowela. All druggists, ioc, 23c 5«c Never ao!d in bulk.
{fSML&JUL&jBi The genuine tablet stamped C C C. Guaranteed to cure or your money
»Mr* / VwWWjl k 6 Sam pie and booklet free. Address
SterUng Remedy Company, Chicago or New York. g»
ADVERTISEMENTS.
30xS0 inches I
We have a full line of. La-
dies" Desks in birdseye maple,
oak and mahogany, from J
$5.60 up. I
Open evenings . during the
holidays. f
5 Free delivery in Oakland.
\ Alarueda and Berkeley.
* 1 . tSrsiiiciot
I FURNITURE CO.,
I R3S-342 POST STREET, ?
fl Opposite Union Square. . |
.|jj 1 nil 1 1 11 11 iii'umnimri .^iifiniHwrigS'
HE BEST POLICY
BY
THE BEST_COMPANY.
THE PACIFIC MUTUAL LIFE INSUR-
ANCE COMr.VN'T OF CALIFORNIA an-
nounces t*^t on and after January 1, 1902, it
will be pi pared to contract with agents for
the representation of its
INTERMEDIATE DEPARTMENT
throughout the United States.
Its new policies are the best and most liberal.
Unlimited territory si-d the best contracts.
Address T. L. MILX.ER, Assistant Secretary.
Room 2, Pacific Mutual Building, ;
San Francisco, Calif.
Santa Fe
Train s~Daiiy.
Leave Market-street Ferry Depot. ;
Local Lim'd Ovrl'd Local
Daily Daily Dally Dally
Lv. San Fran 7:20a 0:00 a 8:00 p 4:20 p
Ar. Stockton. 10:18 a 11:45 a 11:10 p 7:13 p
•' Merced... 12:25 p l:17,p 1:30 a 0:11 p
" Fresno... 2:05 p 2:35 p 3:15 a 10:50 p
•• Hanford. 3:12 p 3:27 p 8:05 a
" Visalia.. 3:39 p 5:0Oa
•' Bakersfld 6:15.p i:2ftp 7:43>a ........
•' Kan.Clty 2:40a 7:30a
" Chicago 2:15 p 9:00 p
a (or morning, p for afternoon.
0:00 a. rrt. train is the California Lim-
ited, carrying Palace Sleeping Cars and
Dinins Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car
runs to Bakersfleld for accommodation of
local nrst-ciass passengers. No second-
class tickets are honored on this train.
Corresponding train arrives at 7:05 a. m.
daily.
4 :20 p> »• l3 Stockton, Merced and Fresno
local. Corresponding train arrives at 12:30
p. m. daily.
8:00 p. m. is the Overland Express, with
through Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
Free Reclining Chair Cars to Chicago; also
Palace Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno.
Corresponding train arrives at 6:00 p. m.
7:20 a. m. is Bakewfleld Local, stopping
at all points In San Joaquln Valley. Cor-
responding train arrives at 8:40 a. m. daily.
Offices — 041 Market street and in Ferfy
Depot. San Francisco; 1112 Broadway,
Oakland. • «
■:.jhiH pacific coast railroar
Via Sausoltte F*rry.
■ Commencing bepleinlwr z», 1901.
FROM SAN FK AW CISCO TO MILL. VALLEY
ANL» SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DA5CS — 6:5T>. 8:30. *l):3o. 11:00 a. m.
♦1-45 3:15 4:15, 5:13. 'fSaS. 6:45 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— Kor Mill Valley and San
Kafael on Mondays, Wednesdays and Satur-
days, at 0:30 and 11:40 p. m.
SUNDAYS— •S:00. •10:00, *ll:30 a. m., *1:15,
a-15. *-l:45. «:&), 0:30 p. m.
Trains marked (•) ran to San Quentin.
PKOM SAN RAFAEL TO SAX FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS—*5:2j e:27 7:45. S :35, 10:15
u m "12:25. 2:15. "3:35. 4:4O. 3:30 p. m
"EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:45 and 2:55 p. nj.
SUNDAYS-*: 15. •8*0. 10:00. 'HAS a. m.
•1-40 •:i:15. 4:-l5, *«:30 p. m. m '
Trains marked <•) start from San Quentln.
FHOM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO
"EXTRA TRIPS en Mondays. Wednesday*
and Saturdays at T:10 ar.d 10:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:05. 10:U5 a. m.. 12:05, 2:15.
3:30. 5:00. «5:45 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
6:55 a. m. week days — Cazadero aod way
stations.
1:45 p. m. Saturdays — Duncan Mills and way
stations.
S:©0 a. m. .Sundays^ — Duncan Mills and way
stations.
Legal Holiday beats and trains will run on
Sunday time.
fJOUNT TAMALFAI5 RAILWAY
Leave A'ia Sausalito Ferry Arrive
San Fran. Foot of Market St. Saa Fran. J
Week Sun- Tte4:U ,.,. tnb ,^. TO Sun. Week
1:15 p -fe— "--^ mz™*-
Fare, Saa Fnoetv* to 9umn!t tad Return, tl W.
Ccket Offlon, £4 1U&KXT STI1EET and gADSAUTO FSIUZ.
//~~~*%. Dr. Gibson's Disp??isary,
JU.—^||<S G2O EIEARKTST ST. .Established
KnSr^M 1 " 1M * forthe 'reatrai'Nt «f t'rlvnto
; $iLljf±d$£dJ DLsease*. Ijist iluniicixl. Debility or
i^WS^^^a^SiliM 1 .".?" vce-irinprii) t-ortynnd niltirt and
; rM4^"^^.3.<Uiii Disw-a&rs. The Doctor cures whm
«^avJ^? i ¥*^ 0t ' ier8 ' ll * 1 - ''*ry h'ra. I'bargea low.
7^s2UJffl«*£sS« 1 «»*"«- < « cuar:int <•<•<!. Cull cr wriift
t»>'. J. J5"- **» OTTD.X. «£Jt Fr:uif:ts;c. Cal.
BAILWAY TBAVEL.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC.
» (Main Line. Foot of Market Streaty ->
UAYE '— fltOM DKCSMBKK 6. 13C1. — AKRTT«
«sO«* Beuid*. Sulsiu^ Elmir* and 8acra-
uienro 8:33 P
7:00a Vao»»iUe. Winters,"Eamsey 7:33*
1 :3t> \ Martinez, -S*u Haitian, Vallejo, Nap*.
C*li*t<>K»»"<lHauta Hue* ttiSSp
S:0»* D&Tta, Woodland. KnignU LxoOiog.
Maryaiiile. Oroillle .».. 7i.V1r
S:O0 \ Atlantic Ki(iieM- Ogilau ami Kast 8:S*3a
S:O«> A NUes. Lsthrop, Stocktoa 'S:23»
8:oo.t Kile*. Mendota, Haoford. YJsaUo,
Porterrille 4:33*
*:30 A Shasta KiOf ean-Uavfa, WJiyatM (fot | A
Baxttott Springs). WUlowt, Bed
Blutf. TortWixi. 7j33» \
■ •»•* San Jiue, lJtarmor*. Htockton.
Iune, .Huaramriito. r laciTllie.
M -.rysTll l», Chte«, Hod Bl«ff 4 :23p
*:3»a Onkclal*. C!iin<-s*»,.Houori*. Tuolw&no 4:23p
»:O4»a Hitywiirtl. JiUtS aud Wai Stations.. 1 1:33*
S:OOi VaUejo I«i23»
U:itu.v Las Angalea Bxpreas — UnrUim,
Tracy. I*tUir<>t>. Stockton. Mrret-tt
Vrennu ami Los Ailgoiefl 7:33*
»:a« A Vall.'jo. Mail lne*. ini'l War Station* 7 :VJ?
1«:«HA Tl»> Oteilant! I.Jmitea— Ogdeu. !»««•
ter. Omaha. Chicago 3:23*
t IHM>r Sncritmeuta Uiter HieawnM t < ■ >OOV
Ss«»r lt-:iiiciu. Whiter*. Macraraento.
WwuMaml. KuluKU landing.
aWjuvill-, Or.nillt. 10:334
Si39p Uajttard. NHea and Way flUtlont. . 7:35 p
•i: imp Martina*. Han lUnxm, Vallejo,
N»i"K<''* l! »*"K». S«»»a Uoim »«S5»
«»••* NEea, L*»erm<jre. Stockton, l^odl... ISsSISp
-»s;*or H»yward. Ni.'e*. *a» Jimv, Uwrawm tS:-t3*
4:3»r Tho Owl Limited — Fresno, TuUre.
lUkeraHel.l. Maiifu* far SiuiU Bw-
buia, I.i'B AukmIus 8;5.T*
3i«»p Port Cnsta, Tracy. Lathrop. Stockton I »:23a
3:«>Op Martinez. Arfjioch, Stockton. Mor-
cod.FraaaoT. ia»a3» •
<i:»»r Baymud, Nitea mint Sail Jem....... 7i33&
t<MM»r- Vallpjo Il»234
•><H»r Oriental .Mall— Ogden. DenTor.
Omaba, St Louis. Chieags 4iS3a
7i«0r Oreenu aud C&lttuiufo K(i>r«i»,ftao-
rmiimit... Marystlll*. IteiMlug,
rijrMan.1. Pugek Hn»»<l ami Kaak 8:33*
Si«3rSaii Pablo. P»rt Conta. Martiaez •- '
mut (V>i HUttolU 11:23*
t8sO3pValH» 7i53»
COAST IiINE Harrow Usage).
- . <foot»»f Mnrket Strest.)
«:5.1* Neirartt.<J«iit«r»ll!ff,M«n.lose, Krlton, dA
Ilou!<lorCrcel(,.Satit»Oiiixaud\Vay (
Station* 3i««», - /"
ft:l3p Kenaik Canlervillt*. San Jose, Ilnw
AlwiKian. IMton, llmildur Creoif.
Santa Crux and 1'ilnclual Wa.y
SUUons ••»»•*
'4>UrN»muk,H»n .T<m«. I.on Gatoi fS:5O*
aD.3i>p Hunter*' Train— San Jose and Way
Stations 17.3O>
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
tnm Si I FRISCISCO— Tm of Kirkst S.reet (Slip 8)—
n-.18 9:00 1100A. 51. 1:03 3:33 3:15i\*.
rtomO«U«D— Ta*\ •.' Bl«»«»«j.— t«:PO +8:00 13:CJ
10:00*. it. 12:03 8:03 4:03 r.U. .
COAST LINK (Uroa.l (law).
(Third » ml Towrneeml Sis.)
U:IOa San Juseaud Way Stations.......... M:4»*
7:«IOa San Josonml WajSUtioim fS:OOr
/7:«>OA New Aln:a4e». /4slO»
8:O»a Coast Line Limited — Sun Jobs.
Gilroy. Salinas. Saa Luis Obtepo.
gant* Barbara. I.oh Angeles and
. principal intermediate stations.... 10:439
BiOOa Haji .)<«». Tro.1 riaos. HanU Cruz.
- l'»cii'.c liniiK, fcaliuas. rian Luia
Ottspo aiul Principal intermediate
suil.»ia '. <:1O»
1»:»Oa San Jcae and Way Stations. BiU*
IIlil»A San .has ami Way .Station* !>:*«*
f2: l.'.p San Matrn, ttertwoorf. Menlo Park.
: . l'alo Alto. SauU Clara, San .lose.
TrsaPiao*. Hnnta <.'ri<*. Salinas.
Momm-fi -»■>•» Paeilic Cr.iTe 110:43a,
8:3Or s KI1 Joan ami Way Sfcwtfons I>«»F
44:l%r Sm. Jn»o»i..i rVinorasI Wuy Stations r,-.;u>*
■»::> i>r Sonaet limited— Mondays. Wednes-
days, Friday*, 'of Lo-t Angelea, Ei
I'aso New Orleans and Nevr York.
Airiies Sundays. Tuesdays and
Thursdays IOiISa
f3:00r 3*n .1<um», Los Gatoa and Principal
Way .Station* t»:O«*
3:SOp Sa».1»s«»iiil Principal Way- Scxtioua «:3«y
«::*»!» s»». ]<*<• am! \v :ir sr.ikioim 7t3«y . *W
7»0«P Ne>w Or!u»na Express — Haa lui* }^
Ohispo, SanM Itur^rv, Lrs An-
geles, D'nrfnK, Kl Faao, New Or-
lemsand Eint 7:39 A
qll;43l»San -li.il-^nd War Stations 7»SO»
A for Morning P for A f ternoon.
t Mw..»»« <rxe«»ta<l I Jnwdar only.
_ a Saturday «>nly. /Tueadiy* aud Friday*^
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO^
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY. \
Tiburon Ferry, Foot of Market St.
6 sa Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DATS— 7:30. 9:00. 11:00 a. m.; 12:33.
3:30, 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays — Extr*
trip at 11:30 p. in. Saturdays — Extra trips at
1:60 and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 9:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30. 3:3*
8:00, «:20 p. m. - : ..
Saa Rarsml to San Francisco.
WEEK DAYS — 6:10, 7:30. 9:20. 11:10 a. m.:
12:45. 3:40, 5:15 p. m. Saturdays— JSxtr*
trips at 1:55 and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:10, 9:40, 11:10 a. m.; 1:40. 3:40.
6:05. 6:25 p. m. -
Leave . I in Effect I Arrtvs
San Francisco. JApr. 28. 10011 San Francisco.
Week 1 Sun- 1 t Bun- I Week
Daya. [ days. ) Destination { <Jaya. | Daya.
7:30ani 8:0Oam Novato, 10: 40am | 8:40am
3:30pza 0:30am Petaluma, 6:0opm'10:25an»
6:10pm 6:00pm Santa Koaa. 7:35pm) <S:2upxa
Fulton. > '
7:30am Windsor. 10:25antC
:■•{-.> • S:CQpm] Healdsburc, 10;4Qam : ir
Lytton. /
Geyservllle.
3:30pm 8:00am Cloverdale. ?:33pm 6:20pm
7:30am 6:00pm Hopland. 10:40am 10 -23am
3:30pm 8 :00am and UkJah. 7:C3pm B:^O£>ta
7:30am • ' 10:40am ltf:25ara
8:00am Guerneville. 7:35pm
3:30pm 5:00pm «:20pni
7:30am 8:00aml Sonoma 6:15am 8:40am
and
5:10pm S :00pm Glen Ellen. 6:05pm g:20pm
7 :30am I 8 :00am 1 |10:4Oamil0:25am
a:HOpm| &:OOpm| Sgbastopol. t 7 :35pm| 6:U0pru
Stages connect at Santa Ro*a for Mark West
Spring* and White Sulphur Springs; at Fultoa
lor Altruria; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at
Ceyserville lor Skags» Springs ; at Cloverdala
for tBe Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan
Springs Highland Springs. Keteeyvllle CarU-
bad Springs Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Uklan for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
Springs, Blue Lake*. Laurel Dell Lake, Witter
Springs, Upper Lake, Porno. Potter Valley,
John Day's Riverside, Llerley'9. Euckaell's,
Sanhedrin Heights. Hullville, Orr's Hot
Springs Mendocino City. Fort Brags. West-
port. VTsaJ. WtUita. LaytonviUe. Cummin*.
Bell's Springs. Harris. Olsen's. Dyer. Scotia.
"to Monday round-trip tiefcets at re-
dueeii rates.
-On Sunday? round-trip tiefceta to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket offloe. 6."iO Market street. Chronicle
■"^^-AVHITIXG. >: i : T k X. RTAN. Gtf '
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agt.^^
ri'lD ftrn»V CA(D Situated on Tomalra
\jMLX UtEAlt nUAli- Bay; srood accommo-
riatlcns for camplns, hunting, fishin? and boat-
i ing. Cottages and tests. Cottages $2 60 per
} week; boar.'. $ft 50 per week. Beats 50c a day.
{ WM. AKCIIKR. P. O. Toroales. Cal.EXPLOSION AT SOHO FURNACE
CAUSES A TERRIBLE DISASTER
Slip of a Wheelbarrow of Ore Is Followed by Heart-
Rending Scenes Eighty-Five Feet Above the
Ground, Ten Men Meeting Death in Flames
Syecial IHspatch to The Call.
PITTSBURG, Pa-, Dec 19. — Ten
men were burned, to death and
four injured by an explosion of
gas at the Soho furnace of
Jones & Laughlin (limited), in
Second avenue, near Brady street, to
night. The explosion was caused by a
elip in the furnace, and gas and flames
belched upward through the bell. The
men were on the furnace platform,
eighty-five feet above the ground. The
TXDREW SE1GH. 20 years old; single.
GEORGE SHISHUL, 20; wife and two
children.
GEORGE SEMAGO, 29: single.
MICHAEL MILO. 22; single.
MICHAEL GASEDOVIZ, 26; wife and
three children.
JOHN MAZEY, 37; wife and three
children.
JOHN KERECKE. 22; single.
JOSEPH FRAXKOTYIEZ, 26: single.
JOHX KLOCHAXKA. 26; Eingle.
GEORGE VALIGO. 36: wife and three
children.
The injured: John Yongsho, 25. single,
not expected to recover, frightfully burn
ed about face and body; John Sabola. 25,
not expected to recover, burned all over
body; Michael Petrovlcji, 2L will recover;
John Trolosky.
Cause cf the Explosion.'
There were nineteen men on the fur
nace when the explosion occurred. Fif-
ADVERTISEMENTS.
WE MAKE
Children's Carriages.
We use the best of materials and pro-
duce first-class goods.
A fine carriage for $1O.OO.
A beautiful carriage for $15.00.
An elegant carriage for $20. OO.
IN DOLLS' VEHICLES.
Special for Christmas tra9e.
Reclining Carts from JJ52.5O to
$4.OO.
Stationary Carts from $1.23 to
$3.OO.
Call ,on us for anything in a child's
vehicle. ■
COULTER'S RATTAN WORKS
227 SUTTER STREET.
California
Limited...
The greatest train across the conti-
nent. High speed combined with
high-dass accommodations have made
it ths most popular with travelers.
Frcm San Francisco, daily, 9 A. M.
Ticket Office — 641 Market Street
§UM. VIGOR. V IT ALiTYior MLN
MORMON BISHOP'S PILLS
have been in use over fifty
years by the leaders • of the
Mormon Church and their
lollowers. Positively cure the
■worst cases in old and young
arising from effects of self-
ebuse, dissipation, excesses or
cigarette-smoking. Cure Loat
Manhood. Impotency. Lost
Power. Nigrht Losses, Insom
nia. Pains in Back. Evil Desires, Lame Back,
Nervous Debility, Headache, Unfitness to Mar-
ry, Loss of Semen. <« - VaricoceleorCon-
•tipaUon. Stop Ner *5 £ J vous Twitching cf
Eyelids. Effects are "^ immediate. Im-
part vigor and pote CEKT9 ncy to every func-
tion. IDon't *ret despondent; a cirt-e is at hand.
Restore small, undeveloped organs. Sttmulat«
the brain and r.erve centers; 50c a box; 6 for
O 50 by mall. A written guarantee to cure or
money refunded with 6 boxes. Circulars free.
Address BISHOP REMEDY CO.. 40 Ellis ei..
San Francisco. CaL GRANT DRUG CO.. SS
end <0 Thlrdet
Kl W*T\jrt La. ~ _ fcj #^a V
Oppression, Ssifocaiioa, Neuralgia, etc., cored by
ESPIG'S CIGAREITES.or POWDER
?«ris,^.ES?rC; New York. E. FOL'GERA & CO.
£OU> BV ALL PRLCGIST8 i
DR.PIERCES 1
MEDICAL
FOR THE
BLOQP.B.SVEFM-l>NGS.|
y^lM. T. HESS,
K0TABT PCBLIO AND ATTQHNEY-AT-LAW.
Tenth Floor. Room 1015. Claus Spreckels Bl<3g.
Teleivhone Main 083.
Residence. 6J21 California et., below Powell.
.Besidence Telephone, James 159L
teen of them were caught in the flames,
two of them escaping with slight in
jury. The other four were the regular
men employed as top fillers, and escaped
without injury.
The expiosion was caused by the gas
becoming incased in a crust of cinder
forming at the bottom of the furnace. A
wheelbarrow containing ore had been
sent up to the men, and when they went
tq dump it into the bell of the furnace
they pushed it over too far and it rolled
into the hopper. The - barrow weighed
MO pounds, and was too heavy for the
men to raise. The fifteen laborers, all
Hungarians, were then, sent up to assist
them. Had it not been for the barrow
accident no one would have been hurt,
as the regular men knew how to pro
tect themselves at such times, as simi
lar explosions are of frequent occurrence.
Eye-witnesses say that there was a
loud report, and the murky heavens were
illuminated with a great sheet of flame,
showing the men on top of the furnace
running about, gesticulating wildly. The
flames and hot metal looked like a vol
cano in action. Five of the men were
blown off the top of the furnace, and
these are the ones that are still living.
The others hung on the railing (some on
the outside, others on the inside), until
their clothing was burned off. 'Two of
the victims remained tenaciously cling
ing to the railing until their fingers were
burned off. They then fell to the . ro<jf
of the mill dead. Seven of the victims
were found dead on the platform of the
cupola. These were completely denuded
of clothes by the flames, and their bodies
were burned almost to a crisp. Two of
the dead were found in the stockyard of
the plant, 250 yards from the furnace.
Every bone in their bodies seemed to
have been broken.
Distressing Feature of Disaster.
The most distressing feature of the dis
aster was the burning of Frankowiez. Ho
was seen by hundreds of people who were
on their way to work to return to the
platform railing and leap into the air.
He fell on the stockyard shed and was
literally burned to death before the eyes
of the crowd fifty feet below, who had no
way to reach him.
When the explosion occurred burning
heaps of cinders settled around the men
almost knee deep. Their shrieks were
terrible and their frantic efforts to save
themselves were pitiful in the extreme.
Over two tons of ore, coke and hot cin
ders, some pieces weighing almost three
pounds, rained down on Second avenue,
and many pedestrians ran into houses
and stores for protection.
A car was passing just at the time the
gas let go. The coke and other material
falling on the car, - which- had twenty-five
passengers aboard, caused a panic and
many jumped off. None of the passen
gers were in the least injured, but all
were badly scared.
When the explosion occurred the men In
the plant became panic-stricken and
rushed to the streets. Only a few re
ported back for .duty at 9 o'clock. The
men thought the entire plant was doomed.
The people residing about the furnace
and for blocks on either side were badly
scared. They rushed from their homes
and a few minutes after the report had
sounded throughout Soho thousands
of people gathered about the furnace.
Women whose husbands were employed
In the plant, mothers whose sons worked
there and sisters whose brothers were in
the plant formed part of the crowd. With
tears In their eyes they waited with bated
breath to learn who were victims of the
catastrophe. Some were fated to hear
sad news, for among the crowd were
wives or relatives of some of the dead.
When they learned of the deaths of their
loved ones they burst Into tears and some
of them are on the verge of mental col
lapse.
TEACHERS IN SESSION
IN SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA
"Well Known Educators Deliver Ad
> dress at the Meeting in Los
Angeles.
LOS ANGELES, Dec. 19.— The Southern
California Teachers* Association convened
this morning. The forenoon was taken
up by meetings of the sixteen Round
Table sections, devoted to the various
branches of child education. At the af
ternoon session at Simpson's Auditorium
the convention listened to the following
addresses by prominent educators: "A
Modern Sir Galahad," Livingston C. Lord,
president of the Eastern Illinois State
Normal School, Charleston, 111.; "The
Life of a Teacher in the Philippines,"
Carl C. Phlen, Ph.D.. University of Cali
fornia, and late of the United States
Philippine Tariff Commission; "A Course
in Literature for the Grammar Schools,"
Frederick Burk, president of the State
Normal School, San Francisco.
Nearly 2000 teachers from the seven
counties covered by the association are
in attendance. Dr. E. Benjamin Andrews,
chancellor of the University of Nebraska,
spoke to-night on "Anti-Cassandra."
President Benjamin Ide Wheeler of the
University of California spoke at Simpson
Auditorium this evening on "Anti-Cassan
dra; Rap at the Croaker."
Fresno Objects to Bonds.
FRESNO, Dec. 19.— The proposition to
vote bonds amounting to $280,000 for the
purpose of constructing a municipal water
works was defeated to-day. A very light
vote was cast. A two-thirds affirmative
vote was required to carry the proposi
tion, and out of a total of 109G the bonds
received only 538. An election will be held
to-morrow to vote on the proposal to bond
the city for a municipal electric light and
power plant.
Delarey in Sore Straits.
LONDON. Dec. 19.-The Associated
Press learns -that the War Office has
come into possession of a cipher telegram
purporting to have been sent by the Boer
commandant Delarey. stating that he
could not hold out longer than January.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
4 the Malted Cereals Cos^] fiT |
I I Went H I
I I Breakfast H 1
I ! rood, W I
I j JheMaued Cereals Co 1
[I Mai t Breakfast Food makes a |
S delicious supper dish, and as |
H such is of the greatest value I
1 to persons of weak digestion. 1
9 It quiet 5 the irritated stomach, |
! gives restful sleep, and in a 1
jjj short time will relieve and i
1 overcome the most obstinate I
5 cases of dyspepsia. Use it in- |
| stjad of medicine and so fol- |
I low nature's course. |
Try Malt-Oats and Malt-Barley B
also. They are as much better than 9
ordinary oatmeal or barley as Malt n
Breakfast Food is superior to other K
wheat foods. At all grocers. , . P
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 20, 19(n.
GERMANY'S NAVAL DEMONSTRATION IS LIKELY
TO INVOLVE AMERICA IN GRAVE COMPLICATIONS
United States Is Gathering in the Caribbean Sea One of the Most
Powerful Squadrons That Ever Sailed Under Old Glory.
s^r ALL BUREAU. 1406 G STREET, N.W., WASHINGTON. Dec. 19.— Grave complications, which mav^
M involve the United States." will, it < is feared by administration officials, result from the naval demonstration
B . Germany contemplates making in Venezuelan waters. While there is no' intention on the part of this
Government to interfere with Germany's purpose to: collect" the claims held. by her subjects against Ven
ezuela, apprehension exists that President Castro will declare war. and it is to be prepared for complica
tions that may ensue that the United States is gathering in the Caribbean Sea one of the most formidable squad
rons that ever.sailed under the flag. 1 i; . • . . , , ,
Secretary Long added another battleship to-day to Rear Admiral Higginson's command. The battleship
Illinois, which is now at Algiers, La.',- where she is to take part in the test of. the new floating drydock there, will
shortly leave for Pensacola, and will then steam south to a rendezvous to be appointed by Rear Admiral Hijrerin
son. It was generally understood that the Illinois would not be attached to the North Atlantic. squadron during
this winter, but would be on detached service, and in March. next receive Rear , Admiral Crowninshield. when
she would proceed tcf the European station., Naval officers deny that there is any special reason which prompted
the change of plans with respect to the Illinois. Her. addition to the North Atlantic squadron will result, however,
in the presence in the Caribbean Sea during the winter of five of the strongest vessels of the United States
navy— the battleships Kearsarge. Alabama, Illinois, Indiana and Massachusetts.
The announcement of the purpose of the Navy Department to assign the Illinois to the North Atlantic
squadron followed a call made this morning upon Secretary Hay by Baron Von Holleben, German Embassodar.
It is asserted that there is no connection between the German Embassador's call and the decision regarding the
Illinois. Baron Von Holleben undoubtedly discussed with Secretary Hay Germany's plan of operations in Venezu
elan waters. . •
It is the belief of officials that if the naval demonstration be not sufficient the port of La Guayra will be
occupied and customs duties collected upon all goods imported through that port. The State Department has
been informed by Minister Bowen that officials in Caracas are deeply excited over Germany's purpose and
President Castro does not propose to pay the claims. Should he declare war, this will give Germany -an oppor
tunity to land marines and even an .army corps, but it is not believed she will go that far. Whatever operations
may be necessary, however, the authorities say emphatically, that Germany must not take permanent occupation of
Venezuelan territory, otherwise the United States will interfere. „ . - - # . ■ \
It is believed in administration circles that the presence of such a formidable American fleet in close prox
imity to Venezuela will exercise a restraining effect upon Germany and prevent her from even attempting to ex
tendher sovereignty over any port of Venezuela.- •
GENERAL CHAFFEE TELLS OF THE DUPLICITY
AND TREACHERY OF THE FILIPINO PEOPLE
WASHINGTON, Dec. 19.— "History af
fords" no parallel of a whole people thus
practically turning war traitors, and in
the genius of no other people was ever
found such masterful powers of secrecy
and dissimulation; but it is needless to
say that no powerful state -was ever
erected or ever can be erected on such
immoral and unenlightened foundations."
This statement is made by General
Chaffee, military governor of the Philip
pines, in a review of one of a number of
court-martial cases in the islands, the rec
ords of which have been reviewed at the
War Department. fj
The case which brought forth this com
ment from General Chaffee was one
wherein seven natives were tried jointly
on a charge of murder. The accused were
soldiers in the insurgent army, and after
defeat by the American army in the field
abandoned even the show of open opposi
tion, such as the half-uniformed guerrilla
bands make, and took up their residence
at Taytay, in Luzon, a place protected
by an American garison. Then, following
the proclaimed policy of the Insurgenl
chiefs, they proceeded to organize secret
ly a bolo band. When authorization had
been given to establish civil government
the band came forward under the leader
ship of a resident padre and were elected
municipal officers of Taytay. Then en
sued a remarkable attempt to serve two
masters. In all lawful matters they served
with due appearance of loyalty to the
American Government, while at the same
time they labored secretly and diligently
in the interests of the. insurrection. This
dual form of government, says General
Cbaffee, existed everywhere, in strongly
garrisoned cities like Manila as well as
the smallest barrio. The municipal officers
of Taytay next entered upon a series of
murders, and continued their deadly work
until the growing unmber of mysterious
dlsappearnces led to the discovery of the
perpetrators by the American authorities.
Ignorance Is Made "Use Of.
"One undeniable truth," says General
Chaffee, "stands out in this case as in
hundreds of like cases of murder— that the
average native of these islands has not
more than the merest rudimentary con
ception of his individual rights and duties
as a man. and no one knows this so well
as the wily chiefs, who use him for their
nefarious purposes."
Six of the seven natives were sentenced
to be hanged, but General Chaffee com
muted the sentence of three of them to
imprisonment at hard labor for life.
The seventh native, Leonordo de Posoy,
a regularly ordained priest, asked for and
was granted a separate trial. When Tay
tay was given a permanent garrison of
American troops De Posoy was found
there in the, regular pursuit of his calling
as curate of the pueblo. Through his ad
vantages of education, his spiritual rela
tions with the people and his active inter
est in their secular affairs he was easily
the most influential man in thg commu
nity. He cultivated the good will of the
American officers and promised to aid
LIPTON VISITS
KING EDWARD
Unfolds His Plans for
Another Race for the
America's Cup.
LONDON, Dec. 19.-Slr Thomas Lipton.
In a^long Interview which he had with
King* Edward yesterday, during which the
America's cup races were minutely dis
cussed, unfolded his plans for the future.
His Majesty exhibited the keenest interest
and at times offered suggestions. He ex
pressed the opinion that it would be. hard
to geta boat to beat the Americans, to
•which Sir Thomas replied that he was at
least confident that he could secure a
yacht a good deal better than the Sham
rock II. When Sir Thomas had finished
explaining his reasons for this belief tho
King appeared to be satisfied and heartily
wished him success, ; ■'./
Sir- Thomas Upton also conveyed to
King Edward a recapitulation of Presi
dent Roosevelt's friendly comments on the
King, and on England, which formed .the
gist of a conversation between Sir Thomaa
and Roosevelt while" the former was in
the United States.; The King: was evi
dently much pleased. In , turn he told
Sir Thomas how greatly he admired Presi
dent Roosevelt's personality," which, un
fortunately, he knew only by hearsay. .
The King takes great interest in the
preparations for building another chal
lenger, which are believed to be already
on foot.
Captain Sycamore, in an Interview, said
he would shortly hold a consultation with
Sir Thomas LiDton and he had great
hopes that a Shamrock III would result
therefrom.
It Is learned that - King Edward has
taken particular Interest in W, ; G.
Jameson's alleged shortcomings during
the cup races. It is noticeable in this
connection that his Majesty { has not seen
Jameson since the latter's return to Eng
land, and It is said by those who are in a
position to know tnat he Is not likely to
do so In the future.
Haley N"ot;Now in Reno.
RENO, Nev., ' Dec. 19.— A search of the
marriage license records here has devel
oped the fact that the names of Clarence
C. Haley of San Francisco and Miss Leo
Nielsen are not entered. It is stated by
the license clerk that Haley called fora
license -.but ■ did not obtain one. Haley is
not at the hotels here * and;. haH. undoubt
edly left town.
them in keeping peace. But when the
elections to American , civil government
offices were held he put forward and
caused to be elected as presidente one
Caledonio Javier, whom General Cnaff ee
describes as an "illiterate and bigoted
man," whom De Posoy well knew was an
officer of insurgents and whom he com
mended to the people as the best man for
the office, because he was "bold."
At his trial De Posoy, who was held to
be the chief agent in the Taytay mur
ders, took advantage of the loophola
which appeared to be afforded by the po
sition as priest by contending that while
the participators in the wholesale mur
ders in Taytay would- confess the same
at confessional he was compelled by his
sacred office to keep silence.
General Chaffee pronounced this defense
of no value, saying that "confessional
does not lay upon any man, priest or lay
man the obligation of suppressing knowl
edge of crimes being committed by third
parties, the consummation of which could
have been prevented without violating
the secrecy of the confessional."
In this particular case, it is said, the
knowledge of the crimes was brought di
rectly to the priest's notice and -was not
gained through the confessional. General
Chaffee confirmed the sentence of death
imposed by the court-martial which tried
De Posoy, but commuted the sentence to
twenty years' imprisonment at hard la
bor "out of his respect' for his calling
and "of the great religious organization of
which he Is a most unworthy member."
Said General Chaffee in concluding /his
review: - . ■ . ■- ... : -.
"No person living in these islands. can
be permitted to plead "his office, however
sacred or exalted, : as a protection for
crimes committed." . -\. "
Held in Service Until Arrival.
The Secretary of War to-<Jay notified
General Chaffee, commanding the divi
sion of the Philippines, that short ■ term
soldiers in his command hereafter will be
held in service until their arrival at San
Francisco, where they will be discharged
as rapidly as their accounts can be made
out. These soldiers will be detained in
camp at Angel Island until their dis
charge papers are issued. This actiaon is
due to the fact that the discharge of the
men on the transports on their way home
leads to confusion and interferes with a
proper enforcement oC the res^mtions re
lating to discharge.
KANSAS CITY, Mo., Dec, 19.— General
Arthur MacArthur, U. S. A., who ar
rived here to-day to attend the Commer
cial Club banquet, when asked concern
ing the project to devastate Samar.'in the
Philippines, as a retributive measure for
the massacre of American soldiers, in
volving the concentration of the natives,
said: .
"I doubt the expediency of the concen
tration. It Is a Spanish method ani poi
haps one that we, should not imitate. It
is an enormous expense and may bring
doubtful results. The British are having
some experience with that sort of war
fare in South Africa."
General MacArthur laughed at the sug
gestion that there might be an uprising
in, the city of Manila.
DESIRES CHILE
TO CHANGE NOTE
Argentina \ Sends Fresh
Instructions to Her \
,. Representative. > : \
BUENOS ATRES, Dec. 19.— Senor Con
cha Subercaseaux, the Chilean Minister
here, has reiterated to a friend his assur- ;
ance that the dispute between Chile and
Argentina will be settled peaceably.
The Argentine Government is sending to
Senor Portela, the Minister of Argentina
at Santiago de Chile, fresh instructions
which will facilitate the efforts being
made to come to an agreement.
A dispatch received here from Santiago
says Senor Portela and Senor Yanez, the
Chilean Minister of Foreign Affairs, have
had another long conference, at which
they discussed the changes which Argen
tina desires Chile to make in the latter's
last note regarding the Ultima Esperanza
feature of the negotiations between the
two countries. The dispatch adds that the
belief prevails at Santiago that a definite
understanding will be reached before Sun
day next. /■■*.
Falls From a Federal Building.
STOCKTON, Dec. 19.-Arthur Sergeant
of San Francisco, employed on the new
Government postofflce in course of erec
tion, here, fell from the roof of the struc
ture to ' the basement, a distance of fifty
feet, this morning, narrowly missing the
steel girders of two floors. He was picked
up conscious and beyond two ribs broken
and some bruises no external injuries
v.ere found. He may be fatally injured
internally, however. The injured man has
relatives in Los Angeles.
Loses Life in Shallow Water.
SAN BERNARDINO,' Cal., Dec. 19.—
John Stewart, aged "13 years, -.a son of
Roadmaster ■ Jerry F. Stewart." of Rialto,
was drowned yesterday afternoon' while
bathing, in .the plunge at Urblta Springs,
two miles from this city. He was drowned
in less than six feet of water and in the
pool were several other swimmers. ■
R Succeeds in Ending Life.
?. STOCKTON, Dec. ,19.— Vernon. Fagan,
who cut his throat and wrists a few days
ago and threw himself in front 'of a" train
in an, attempt to commit. suicide, died of
his injuries, to-day at the County Hos-
"They are," he said, "always having
uprisings in Manila, but they never ma
terialize."
;, Our $9 Suits or Overoats should interest you, particularly at present, when all you
save in buying clothes can be used for Christmas purposes.
While we sell these Suits and Overcoats- right along, for $9, you effect a saving, as the
goods equal the usual $12.50 garments. We can give this value through our manufacturing
facilities. We buy the cloth direct from the mills for our own workshops and make i
the clothing ourselves. You buy direct from us, the makers. The usual profit of the middle- ,
man— this $3 or $4^ — is your saving, which you can use for buying- other things. |
I If, after purchasing the Suit or Overcoat, you don't think it worth the usual $12.50
I goods, you can have your money back. ; i
I We know tHe value of our clothing. When people know a thing they can be very em- ;
! phatic in their statements. '- ' . - ! r/ ; I y
The Suits The Overcoats
rare made of serges, cheviots, tweeds and worsteds in are made of black and .oxford gray cheviots, blue'ker- j
j solid colors and fancy patterns; all wool; fast-colored: seys and tan coverts; swell, stylish coats, well I
our price, made and fashionably cut; our price,
$9.00 , $9.00 j
Sale of Youths* Suits at $T.10
I ■ - ■ ■■ ■ Vo,': , , ' . * ; f .. . . !
i i SSflk What holds true of our men's clothes is true of our youths* f^*\
1 . a**! — the more money saved when buying clothes the more you w 1
■ . $1 have for Christmas purposes/ This value is unusually I *,
4tfff^ "^^^*ta. The prices are reduced on these youths' suits to bring '
>™'FSSffl% mothers to our big department for boys and youths. ."We /»^! ! iCTw!!>^\
' JK") * WR«\ want mothers to know that we carry clothes, furnishings and J\jw$0&r$% : ? : l\
1 A^l^hai'lTOM'' hats for boys and young men. The suits are tweeds -and M!lIMiLlJ^*'1 'lA
ifflilBtwi i!l cheviots in single and double breasted styles: ages 12 to 19 . /SMW^^'/'l'Slii^Kv
$Kl mi 'Wmlk years; the values are $I ° to pnce 1S »
Elegant assortment of golf and yacht caps for 25c. fH?i' i ' i ilin^ !
viMfii«' ; Boys> fedora hats in the p ° puiar coi ° rs> 90c * • TilJJ^r
pMM! Pi Boys ' sweaters in a11 shades; ages 4 to 12; extra value at X$''W-$$ 3
PS If ff Out-of-town orders filled— write us. Wfw
[ Jill |jmj Would you like a copy of our illustrated ui ''■{$j j
! f| H catalogue, "What to Wear"? j 1M I
j 718 Market Street. 3
f§ij''^"™' ' "^■■■■■■'■■■'■" lia "" M^^ MIM *™IEl!!!!ILLE£' l ' M^
1 ' ■ - r^iMfiKMRHMMMKMMHMiHfl
LIEUTENANT GENERAL MILES LAYS
HIMSELF LIABLE TO REPRIMAND
Commanding Officer of the Army May Be Called
Upon to Explain His Recent Criticism of Navy
Department Concerning Schley Controversy
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL BUREAU. 1406 G STREET.
N. W., WASHINGTON. Dec. 13.
—General Miles has again attract
ed unusual attention to hte utter
ances by the interview on the
Schley case. The lieutenant general of
the army has in this instance laid him
self liable to reprimand by criticizing an
other branch of the service. He has ac
cused the Navy Department of being in a
conspiracy to rob Schley of his honors,
and it is perfectly justifiable for the Sec
retary of the Navy to call the attention
of the Secretary of War to this accusa
tion made by the head of the army. In
fact, army and navy officers fail to see
how Secretary Long can ignore such an
accusation made against his department.
It is his duty to protect that department
from criticism by another department of
the Government, and he cannot ignore
this coming from Miles. Secretary Root
cannot fail to call the attention of Miles
to his reported interview and ask if it 13
correct. If Miles acknowledges the in
terview, there is nothing left for Root
but to reprimand the head of the army
for unjust and censorious criticism of the
Navy Department.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 19.— Attorney The
all, acting for Stay ton, counsel for Rear
Admiral W. T. Sampson, called at the
Navy Department to-day to see Judge
Advocate General Lemly. Theail stated
that the objections to the findings of Ad
miral Dewey will not be filed with Sec
retary Long until to-morrow morning. In
brief, the statement will object 'to Ad
miral Dewey's findings that Admiral
Schley was in absolute command at the
battle of Santiago July 3, on the ground
that the testimony touching this point
was not admitted during the sessions of
the court of inauiry.
The bill of exceptions filed by counsel
for Admiral Schley with Secretary Long
yesterday and the accompanying letter of
Raynor have been referred to Judge Ad
vocate General Lemly, who is engaged in
the preparation of a reply.
A Call correspondent visited Rear Ad
miral Sampson's residence to-day and the
statement was made to him that the ad-
mlral's condition remains unchanged. It
was emphatically denied that his illness
is such as to give rise to any feeling 1 of
immediate alarm. He is not confined to
his bed, but moves around the house at
will Last evening he occupied his accus
tomed place at the family dinner table.
MISS HAZEL SINGER
BECOMES PRIITCE'S BRIDE
Embassadors Attend the Ceremony
in Paris and the Sultan Be
stows a Decoration.
PARIS. Dec. 19.— There was a large
gathering of people, including the Turk
ish and Austrian Embassadors. at tho
Roumanian church here this afternoon to
witness the marriage of Miss Hazel Sing
er, daughter of Charles Singer of Chicago,
to Prince John Ghika. son of the Rou
manian Minister to France, Gregolre J.
Ghika. General Horace Porter, the United
States Embassador, and General Wlnslow
were the witnesses for the bride. M1S3
Leishman,' daughter of J. A. Leishman.
United States Minister to Turkey, and
Miss Edith Clark of New York were the
bridesmaids.
The Sultan of Turkey has bestowed a
decoration on the bride in honor of the
occasion. Prince and Princess Ghika, after
Christmas, will go to* Roumania, where
the Prince is an officer In a crack hussar
regiment.
Former Manager Must Answer.
SAN JOSE, Dec. 19.— W. S. Fuller, for
merly manager for the Standard Oil Com
pany in this city, was to-day held to
answer before the Superior Court on a
charge of embezzling $400 of the com
pany's funds. He has been making a
hard fight to clear himself anti the pre
liminary examination has dragged along
for several weeks. Fuller denied embez
zling tho funds and claimed that if there
was a shortage it was due simply to
faulty bookkeepingr. He was released on
$1000 bonds this afternoon.
34
UNEXPECTED VICTORY OF A RANK OUTSIDER STARTLES THE BOOKMAKERS AT OAKLAND RACETRACK
NATIONAL BASEBALL LEAGUE STARS
ARE DEFEATED BY UNCLE'S BATSMEN
Pitcher Doyle Proves an Easy Mark for the Heavy Hitters of the Home
Team, Who Find Him for Fourteen Hits and Nine Runs, While Iburg
Pitches in Superb Form and Is Invincible Throughout the Game
p^ys^IP O'NEILL'S National Basebaii
jl League stars failed to tv<Inkle
I - yesterday at Recreation grounds.
II. Instead T'ncle Hank's German
aggregation walked off with all
the glory and most of the runs and base
hits. The local men did not lose their
nerve nor self-confidence, as was the case
when they met the players from the
American League. The decisive victory.
however, really belongs to "Ham" Iburg
as far as the playing in the field is con
cerned. "Ham's" splendid box work kept
the Nationals down to five scattering hits.
Although his support at times- was any
thing but steady, he managed to pull out
of the tight places in a clever manner.
The Nationals, however, do not com
pare with the Ail-Americans in any point
of the game. They do not play with the
vim and snap which characterized the
work of Lajoie's men, and with the ex
ception of -Van Haltren are not ahead of
the locals In base running. Doyle of Sac
ntmento, who occupied • the slab for the
Nationals, appeared in bad form. He was
pounded at will by the Germans at every
stage of thp game. No doubt the Na*
tionals will- show to better advantage
when they are playing behind one of their
own twlrlers.
A good crowd was in attendance for a
ELECTRIC ROAD
T0 SAN MATEO
County Supervisors to
Grant Syndicate's
Request.
Special Dispatch to The Call,
SAX MATEO, Dec. 19.— The Board of
Supervisors of this county will grant the
"petition of the Baltimore syndicate for a
franchise to extend the San Francisco and
San Mateo electric road to this city.
The company has already acquired a
private right or way for most of the dis
tance, and San Mateo -people confidently
expect the cars, will reach this city within
the next year. :!'.- • •
In anticipation of the completion of tha
electric road to this point at an earlv
date, great activity in real estate is noted.
Many persons are purchasing sites for
suburban homes and during the next year
a building boom is expected.
Accused of Embezzling' Funds.
LOXDOX, Dec. 19.— Arthur S. Francis,
a lawyer, who until recently had a num
ber" of wealthy and aristocratic clients,
was arrested to-day on a warrant charge
ing him with misappropriation of $5000 of
trust funds belonging to the Countess of
Orkney. Jui?t prior to his arrest Francis
had appeared in the Bankruptcy Court,
where his examination disclosed an i in
<1ebnn3ne«s of 1S8,(WO, with assets of
Jury Takes Rapid Action.
SAN* JOSE. Dec. 19.— It took the jury
to-day just fifteen minutes to convict
Frank Newman of highway robbery.
Newman shot and robbed M. C. Arps near
Guad&lupe eeveral weeks aeo.
IflHr little things ■which tell
I COMPANTS EXTRACT b§£ p 1
■ a little-goes a long way. |
Thursday game, and the spectatorg had
a chance to applaud some old-time favor
ites. Among these were George Van Hal
tren of New York, Frank Chance a.rid
"Sandow" Mertes of Chicago. Jake Beck
ley, of Cincinnati and Bob McHale, the
Sacramento boy. who of late has been
with Denver. Van Haltren is probably
the most noted man of the team. He is
best remembered as a member of the old
Oakland team, which flourished in the
"old days." when the national game was
in its prime in California. Van Haltren
went East as a - pitcher for the Chl
cagos, but is now with the . New York
team. From the start he . 4 *made
good," and for the last twel%'e years-. ha3
been one. of. the most famous players, of
tfie National League. ' He is about 33
years old, but is considered one of the
fastest men on the ba^es, and as a hitter
has few superiors.
Uncle Henry's men made most of their
runs by hitting Doyle at the right time.
In the initial round Nordyke came. home
on two hits and an infield out. During
the eight succeeding spasms the local men
had Doyle well in hand and wire success
ful in landing on him and scoring when
ever they pleased. Krug carried off the
batting honors with three safe swats to
his credit.
The Nationals did their only scoring in
ALASKA NEEDS
BETTER LAWS
Governor Brady Speaks
of Conditions in the
Special Disnatch to The Call
' TAC0MA, Dec. 19.— Governor John i G.
Brady vigorously advocates representa
tion of Aiaska in Congress, revision of
the land laws of the district, and is
strongly opposed to the : Territorial form
of government at the present time. In
an interview at Sitka he says:
"Territorial governnjent is not what we
want now. Give Alaska the same ' land
laws as are now operative in Oregon or
Washington and then we can talk of mak
ing the district self-governing. As things
are now a clear title? to land In Alaska,
except under the old soldier clause. Is im
possible.
"As the \ land laws stand now only
blocks of eighty acres can be acquired,
and in this cage the Government with
holds each alternate eighty acres. Under a
provision of that kind it is Impossible to
expect any large population. Give Ua
proper land laws and 1 will guarantee a
population ■ of over a million* Scandina
vians alone in three years, and those, are
the people we want— peaceful, law-abiding
and . industrious. There are Finlanders,
too, oppressed as they are by Russia —
young men being forced into the army.
These Finlanders would take every op
portunity to steal away - to a country so
like their own in climate.
"Alaska's importance as a strategic
point has been unappreciated. I believe
that Unalaska will some day be a base of
supplies for a fleet of vesels that will pro
tect this gateway to American territory."
When asked if the •consummation of his
views would not call for change in the
capital the Governor replied:
• "Yes, some time the capital undoubtedly
will have to be changed to Valdes or some
other more central place than Sitka. It"
would be unwise to change it until time
had shown the most desirable location. It
would be a needless waste of monev to
change It now to some eastern point *(Ju
neau), erect; the necessary buildings and
furnish them, when the natural trend is
westward. The present location of the
capital is satisfactory to the district in
its present condition." . .
Dies With a Song on His Li£s.
ST. PAUL, Minn., Dec. 19.— C. T. Chris
tensen stood in front of a mirror in his
room at 12 o'clock last night, sang "Du,
Du Liegst Mir Im Her?en," and then
fired a bullet Into his mouth. He died
instantly. His .wife says that he has been
under a doctor's care .for some years
and suffered with an abscess in his head.
He had quarreled with -his wife and dl
vorce proceedings were commenced, -.
THE SAN FJRANClSCb CALL, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 20, 1901.
the second and sixth innings. In the sec
ond hits by Doyle and Mertes and a stolen
base* by Van . Haltren, combined with a
brace of errors, gave them two points.
Again in the sixth, with two out, Pabst
made a bad throw to first, letting two
more of the Nationals trot home.
There will be no game to-day. The
same teams will face each other again to
'morrow, with a change of pitchers. 'The
score:
• NATIONALS. \
AB. R.- BH. SB. PO: A. E.
Van Haltren, cf..... :» . 1 .. 0 '1 . 1:1 0
Hulen. ss" 3 1 1 0 1 '7 1
Mertes, 2b li 1101 41
Chance, c 3 0 10 52 0
Lee. rf- 4 0 0 '" 0 2 1 0
Beckley, lb 4 0 0 0 9 0, 0
Steinfeldt. 3b ....... 3 0. 0 -0 .4 0 1
McHale, If... S 0 1 0 \4 '10
Doyle, p 3 1 1. 0' 0 4 ... 0
Totals ....... -..^29. 4 5 1 27 20 ' 3
" SAN FRANCISCOS.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Nordyke. cf '. . . . 4 1 ■• ; 2 0 3 0 0
Wilson, c 5 1 2 0 CO 0
Hildebrand. If 4 0 1- 1 1 0 0
Schwartz, rf .4 ...... 5- < 2 2 1 2 0 1,
Pabst, lb 5 2 1 ; 0 11 1 1
Krug 2b 5 1 .V 0 0 2 0
Shay, ss ............. 5 I 1 0 2 7 0
Reilly, 3b 4 1 1 0 1 2 1
Iburg, p 4 0 1 0 1 1 1
Totals 41 "» 14" 2 27 13 4
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
San Franciscos.. 12102100 .2—9
Base hits 2 3 2 0 3 3 0 0 1—14
Nationals 0 0 2 0 0 2 0 0 0 — 4
Base hits 0 0 2 0 12 0 0 0 — 5
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible for— Doyle 4,, Iburg 1. Two
base hits — Mertes, Krug. Sacrifice hit — Hulen.
First base on errors— Nationals 2, San Fran
ciscos 3. First base on called balls — -Nationals
2, San Franciscos 1. Left on bases — Nationals
2. San' Franciscos ti. Struck out — By Doyle ;t,
by Iburg 6. Hit by pitcher — Nordyke. ■ Double
plays— Pabst to Iburg; Shay to Pabst (2); Van
Haltren to Hulen to Steinfeldt. Passed ball —
Chance. Time of game — One hour and forty
minutes. Umpire — McDonald.
CALIFORNIA BASEBALL PLAY
ERS WHO HAVE BEEN SUC
CESSFUL. IN THE EAST.
LEGAL CONTEST
INVOLVES MINES
Some Interesting* De
velopments Expected
in PhelpsCase.
Special Dispatch to The Call. •
REDWOOD CITY, Dec. 19.-The action
of Josephine A. Phelps, executrix of the
last will and testament of T. G Phelps
deceased/against W. I. Wadletgh, came
up for trial here to-day i before ' Judge
Buck. The suit is upon a, promissory note
for $7000, but the answer puts in issue the
title to valuable properties of the estate
including the Liberty Hill mines in this
State. • '
The plaintiffs evidence consisted mere
ly of the production of the note and the
testimony of Mrs. Phelps that nothing
had been paid thereon. The defendant
then commenced taking testimony which
he claims will prove that Phelps was not,
nor is his estate, the owner of the prop
erty in dispute, although it stands in the
deceased Is name, his contention being that
?»% / eds Blven by Wadlelgh were in
tended as mortgages.
Wadlelgh testified that he flrst became
acquainted with Phelps in 1886. In 1889
he borrowed $5000 and gave his. note for
the amount. In 1S90 this note was taken
up and a new one given for $6830. Thi3
in turn was surrendered In 1894 and the
note sued upon given.' He further stated
that to secure the payment of , the' first
note he made a deed of certain proper
ties, and from time to time increased the
security^ by giving further deeds : until
Phelps had property of his situated in
8 ? n Nevada County and in
the State of Washington*, all given as cdl;
lateral security. He produced a document
purported to be signed by Phelps in which
the latter acknowledged that he held the
property In trust for. Wadlelgh. ■•
The defendant then testified that after
the making of the deed to the San Fran
cisco property, Phelps sold a portion of
it for $2500, $2000 of which he credited upon
the «iote of 1890, sending the remaining
$p00 to him. : This -testimony was offered
for the purpose of ; showing -that the de
ceased acknowledged that he held' the
property only in trust. The case will con
tinue to-morrow. - :. - •
Alexander Is Not Guilty.
CONTRA COSTA. Dec. 19.-M. F. Alex
ander, who was arrested in San Francisco
last ' Tuesday evening on : a \ charge of
grand larceny, prepared by- a man named
Abell, was to-day ' declared Innocent " of
any attempt to defraud the complainant.
Great reduction in f>r|ce on Holiday ' Liquors
at Horwltz & Cohn's," 1716 Market, 'phone South
684. Straight i whiskies, $2, ' ?2 50, $3 gal. " Port,
sherries, 76c, $1, $125 gal. Purity guaranteed. •
GARDNER RULES
A BIG FAVORITE
Is Picked by. Bettors to
Again Lower Carter's
Colors.
Both Boxers in Condition to
Go the Route, in a
_>-.; Fast Fight.
The absence of Carter money yesterday
made George Gardner a still stronger fa
vorite over the "Kid" in their, fight to
night at the Mechanics' Pavilion than>(ie
was when betting opened on Wednesday.
This will be the third meeting of the rival
middle-weight'- boxers, and the prestige of
Gardner's brace of victories has forced'
1 him into 10 to 7^ favoritism. ; v
There can be no question as to the condi
tion of the men, both having gone through
a severe course of preparatory work with
out developing . a weak spot. Neither
Gardner's hand nor, his ankle has given
him a moment's worry. His friends, who
have watched him since his first appear
ance in this- city last July, are astonished
at the improvement in his style, both as
an offensive and a defensive, fighter.
In the four years he has been boxing he
has defeated many good men, and if he
wins from Carter to-night there will be
no one to question his right to the middle
weight championship he now holds. '
: Carter's friends accept the line they ob
tained on him in his fight with Walcott on
which to base their hopes of .a victory to
night. The "Kid" showed he had grown
stronger and cleverer than he was when he
met Gardner. It is claimed he has con
tinued .on the upgrade, -but whether his
Improvement has been greater than that
of his opponent will not be shown until
they have gone part way on their ring
journey to-night. s
The preliminaries make the card the
best of the year. With Jockey Winnie
O'Connor and John Crowell, Billy Snail
ham and Tommy Gilfeather and Toby Ir
win and Arthur Granfleld in the going
there should be sufficient action to satisfy
the most exacting ring patron.
As this is the busy season of the year in
the retail stores the principal bout will be
held off as late as possible. With the pre
liminaries'scheduled to go tWenty-four
rounds it will be nearly 11 o'clock before
the big fellows enter the ring with Referee
"Jim" McDonald. .
NEILL DEFEATS TRACY.
San Franciscan Wins .In the Eight*
'. * . . eenth Bound at Portland.
PORTLAND, Or., Dec. 19.— Al Neill of
San Francisco and Tom Tracy of Austra
lia to-night met in the ring for. the third
time at the Kxposltion' building, and Neill
won in the eighteenth round. In the first
round Neill landed on Tracy's chin with
his right and cut a gash an inch in length,
from which the blood flowed in a stream.
During the iirst five rounds Neill jabbed
Tracy' on the right eye with his left and
all but closed that member. After the
fifth round Tracy did some effective work,
and during the next eight rounds landed
hard with his right on Neill's stomach.
The fighting was fast and Tracy proved
to be a good in-flghter, but Neill kept up
his jabbing on the face. In the seven
teenth Neill commenced to. uppercut
Tracy, and at the end of the round Tracy
appeared tired. In the eighteenth Tracy
landed on Neill's head and Neill came
back, with an uppercut. After a clinch
Neill ianded with his right • on •- Tracy's
jftw and he went down. Tracy was unable
to respond to the call ortime and Referee
Joe Acton gave the fight to Neill.
$3,150 for a McKinney Mare.
LOS ANGELES,., Dec. 19.— About 400
horsemen attended the closing out sale of
the horses of Milo M. Potter's stable at
Agricultural Park to-day. Fair prices
were realized, . especially In the cases of
the get of McKinney. The following horses
brought the highest prices:
Sweetheart, b. . f., 2, Bashaw- Wayside, E.
T. Earl, Los Angeles, $1500; Sister, b. m., Me--
Kinney-Antis, E.T. Earl,- $1150; Sister's Baby,
b. f.. Sky Pointer-Sister. W. N. Rourke San
Bernardino. $750; L*onore McKinney, b f.,
McKinney-Lieonore, W. N. Kourke,- $305; Sweet
Marie, b. m... McKinney- Lady Rivers, William.
Garland, Los Angeles, $3150; Bessie Holly b.
f., Wildnut- American Girl, Mr. Taylor, New
York, $150; Maud McKinney, br. m., McKin
ney-Maud, C. A. Summer, Los Angeles, $440;
Kiss Me. br. f., Zolock-Piney, I. J. Christo
pher, Los Angeles. $250; Jessie Del, b. f.,
Zolock-Colton Maid, B. Duncan. Los Angeles,
$230. Fourteen thousand and seventy dollars
was realized from the sale of the horses, har
ness and sulkies.
George Dixon Again Loses.
NEW LONDON, Conn., Dec. 19.— Austin
Rice of New London and George Dixon of
New York met to-night for twenty rounds
at 122 pounds. Rice was given the deci
sion. During the early rounds Dixon led
often for Rice's head, but had little suc
cess in landing. Up to the tenth, round
Dixon was sluggish, but in the tenth he
commenced to show some of his old-time
footwork. The twentieth round was the
hardest of all, first one man having the
advantage and then the ; other. Several
times Rice landed good blows, but lack of
force prevented a knockout. Both men
were lighting strongly when the gong
sounded. '
BALTIMORE, Aid., Dec. 19.-Dlxon and
Joe Tipman of this city have been
matched to box twenty rounds before the
Knickerbocker Athletic Club here on De
cember 30.
Racing at New Orleans.
NEW ORLEANS, Dec. 10.— Crescent City
results: ' .
First race, six and a half furlongs, selling —
Boomerack Von. Death second, Little Jack
Homer third. Time, 1:21%.
'■ Second race, five furlongs, selling — Marie
Belle won, Ladylike second. Lady Brockway
third. Time, 1:01 -114.
Third race, one mile and an eighth, selling —
Garter Ban won. Jlonos second, Janowood
third. Time, 1:55. , j ■
Fourth race, seven furlongs — Semicolon won,
Fleuron second, Johnnie\McCarthy third. Time,
1:28.
Fifth race, one mile and a sixteenth, sell
ing — Trebor ,won, Kingrstelle second,. Governor
Boyd third. 'Time, 1:47%.
Sixth race, one mile — Imp.' Mint Sauce won
Plederlch second. Free Pass third. Time, I:-IO.
Cardinal Eleven Goes South.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Dec. 19.—
The Stanford football sauad will leave
to-morrow night for Pasadena, at which
place they Will engage in j hard ' practice
preparatory to their struggle on New
Year's day with the , Michigan eleven. ' * .
•• Captain -Fisher to-night announced the
following men would. make up the squad:
Lee, Hauverman, Thompson,* Van Sickle,
Roosevelt, McFadden, Cooper. • Clark,
Preston, Bansbach, ' Tarpey, Crawford,
Naramore, Slaker, Parker, Allen, 'Ken
nedy, Trainer "Dad" Moulton and Captain
Fisher. ■ . '
Jeffries to Box "Young Corbett.'?
DENVER, Dec. 19.— William Rothwell,
better known as "Young;. Corbett," the
champion feather-weight pugilist, and
James J. Jeffries, the heavy-weight cham
pion, arrived here to-day. They were
given a reception to-night by the local
lodge of the Fraternal Order of Eagles.
They will spar at a ■ benefit to be given
"Young Corbett" to-morrow night.
Waddell Signs With Morley.
LOS ANGELES. Dec. 19.— Manager Mor
ley to-day signed "Rube" Waddell to
pitch for the Los Angeles team 'during
the coming season." Waddell will remain
in Los,; Angeles after the close of the
present all-America series and will take
a ' place in Morley's new bowling-alley,
now being built. - ,:. ■
Cresceus in Arizona.
TUCSON; Ariz., Dec.. 19.— Cresceus, < the
champion trotter, went two exhibition cir
cuits of the half-mile . track : to-day, the
first in 1:08 and the second in l;06 2-5. The
trask was heavy, with dust. . . / = ■
"HANDRIDING" KELLY ON BILLY LYONS
CREATES A SENSATION AT OAKLAND
Captures the Opening Event From Gold Baron Backed From 150 to 30 to 1,
Phil Archibald Finishes in Front of Mazo, Favorite for the Hurdle Han
dicap—Impromptu Is Left and Jim Hale Defeats Edna Brown Driving
HANDRIDING" KELLY made the
most successful and sensational
parachute descent of the season
yesterday at Oakland track.
When ready in the opening
dash he cut away with Billy Lyons, a 150
to 1 shot, and landed a head in front of
Tommy Burns astride Gold Baron, a men
dicant in the betting. There were thirteen
starters In the race, which was decided
over a mile, and the chance of picking
the winner looked about as bright as to
fall from the dome of the Glaus Spreckels
building and alight on an old-fashioned
lightning proof feather bed. It must not
be construed though . that* Billy Lyons,
even if neglected by the popular boniface j
after whom he is named, lacked attention.
At post time SO was the 1 best obtainable,
with the" bulk of the coin going into the
books on Colonel Ballantyne, the luke
warm favorite, Limelight, Fondo,: John
Welch and Elmer L. The first choice
grounded on a sandbar in the home chan
nel and as " stated before "Handriding"
Kelly mpved along irpm ninth position
and beat Oold Baron out in 1:42^. ■
.The division which usually strings ita
coin with the tavorites was treated to
several hard knocks, for besides Colonel
Ballantyne, Esterneii, Mazo and Jarret
ierre were detained on the way home. The
card drew the usual large crowd.
Walter Jennings' Dareoin lilly Jacque
minot beat Esterneii, favorite for the two
year-old scramble, easily at the wire. The
winner was 5 to 1 in the ring and ap
parently always held the footing over tne
iirst choice. Catheilo, "ridden by Kddie
Jones, finished in the show.
Andy Biakeley's jumper, Mazo, was
touted as the good .thing for the mile and
a quarter hurdle event, his price being
pounded down from 5 to 2 to 8 to 5 favorit
ism. For a time Lloyd had the flrst choice
out in front, but Phil Archibald headed
him on the back stretch and at the close
it was no contest. Archibald scoring by
six lengths. The winner ran coupled in
the betting with Rainier.
Six clever two-year-olds started in the
six and a half furlong selling affair. On
past form Jarretierre d'Or was installed
favorite. Tne latter ran under a- dozen
wraps to the stretch, but when Buchanan
let him down he flattened out like a
punctured tire and ran unplaced. In a
rattling finish JOhnny Woods on Commis
sioner Forster earned the decision from
The Giver by a head. With better luck
Milas could have won.
Report had it that Impromptu was not
ready, and Jim Hale went to the post a
2 to 1 favorite for the seven furlong sell
ing run. Impromptu was left , through
the swerving of Jlarlneuse, and in a drive
Hale beat Edna Brown a neck.
There looked to be nothing to the last
event if L»r. Bernays was fit, and from
three his odds were backed to 11 to 5.
The doctor received a nice ride at the
hands of J. Woods, winning easily from
Cougar and Grand Sachem.
Track Notes.
After a successful season on the Aus
trian tracKs Charley Gray is back at his
home in Oakland. Gray once rode the
horses raced by Tully Coulter.
Frank Weir, owner of Merops, claimed
Bab from the last race on "Wednesday.
The mare was entered to be sold for $300,
so at $625 Frank probably secured a bar
gain; * . ". '
The ride of Armstrong on Favorito was
not satisfactory to the judges, and after
the race the rider was indefinitely sus
pended. ' - ■
To Amy Burns on Edna Brown put up a
superb ride, but the mare was a trifle
outclassed by Jim Hale. « >)
Sir Lewis might have been a factor in
the fourth event had LaTry Daly not been
cut off while trying to get through on the
rail turning into the stretch.
President Williams gave the steeple
chase riders. a short lecture before the
hurdle event. He explained to them that
in the past jobbery had ruined this popu
lar branch of the sport out here, for
which reason the California Jockey Club
had eliminated steeplechases from its
programme. | Continuing, the president
admonished the boys to try to elevate the
sport, and that if they did the Oakland
association would willingly give three in
stead of two hurdle events a week.
The entries for this afternoon are a3
follows:
First Race — Six furlongs; selling-; all age?:
2960 Rasp 109 2S50 De Capo 116
2974 Almoner 113 297+ Pencil Me 109
Duke of York.113 2998 Baldo 97
2963 Montoyo 100 3004 Crinkle 113
2199 B. Bohmanson.100 2984 Royalty 97
Second Race — Futurity course; selling; three
year-olds and upward:
2992 B. F. Mason. 114 2092 Miss Vera ...114
2992 Mid. Chimes. .114 2968 Rinaldo 114
2008 Searchlight ..114 2992 Torsina 114
2970 Abba L ...... 10l» 2002 A If red C 117
2087 Canejo 114 2992 Kl Rey .. 109
12992 Pat Morrissey.11-4 2867 Parsifal .....10»
' Thirtl Race — Six furlongs; selling; all ages:
2971 Bedner 112 (2970)Vantlne 113
(2020)Lapidus 100 29U1 Ben Ledl 113
2979 King Dellis... 118 3000 Kitty Kelly.. .113
2939 Edinborough .110 (2SW5)Halnault 97
2994 Huachuca ...100 2(387 Triaditza 113
(2974)Katie Walcottll3
I Fourth Race— Five furlongs; purse; two-"
year-olds :
LADY DEFEATS
SHASTA "TIGER"
Gamblers, Like So Many
Othellos, Are Out
of Jobs.
REDDING, Dec. 19.— The efforts of a
woman have closed the gambling houses
in Redding, The "tiger" has retired to
its lair. Redding had been running wide
open, but the resorts have now resumed
their old-time dullness and except for a
social shaking- of dice or the whirr of a
slot machine there is nothing to be heard
In the;way of a sound Indicating that big
chances are belne taken.
The lady in the case is Mrs. Henry
Clineschmidt, wife of one of the City
Trustees. She had the keepers of a saloon
arrested and then she circulated a petition
addressed to District Attorney Dozier
seeking an enforcement of the State anti
gambling law. The tide of public opinion
changed and the woman's effort met with
success. An active prosecution of the case
was soon taken up. Manipulators of
ivories, pasteboards and wheels believed
they saw an inception of the crusade
against them and 1 like so many ' Othellos
bemoaning the loss of an occupation they
have packed their paraphernalia and de
parted from Redding. The lady has been
successful over the "tiger."
Fails to Hear Cry of "Fore."
LONDON, Dec; 19.— Rev. J. Monroe Gib
son, formerly pastor of the Second Pres
byterian Church of Chicago,' while playing
golf was struck in the eye by a ball and it
Is: feared he will losehis sight.
Forbes Knocks Out Rotchford.
CHICAGO, Dec. . 19.— Harry Forbes
knocked. out Billy Rotchford in the. first
round at the Pyramid L Athletic Club to
night. Forbes had all the better of the
fighting while It lasted.
THE CALL'S RACING FORM CHART.
OAKLAND RACETRACK— Thursday. Dec. 19.— Weather fine. Track fast.
3004. FIRST RACE — One mile; selling; three. year-olds and up; value to flrst. $325. £
p ; ; j " . .. ■ i I BeitiD*. ,^
Index|Horse. Age. Weight. [St. ' V*. " %. 8tr. Fin, j Owner and Jockey, j Op. Cl.JJr
2974* Billy £^on^3~.777l08 9 s"h 5 1 2 -U 1 h • |H«messy & Co. .A. ■ Kelly | 1W jjO
2907 Gold Baron 5... .114 10 6l 4 1 I »£ 2 I ■ iH. L. HaskelL.T. Burns 10 _V>
2987 Fondo. a 3. nt .?: e '.f:i^n 10 £ 0 fi 5 2 R : - P. Guilfoyle Buchanan | « 7
2069 John Welch, 4.. ..114 12 -8% 112 0 1, 6 1 .. W. H. Lynch Matthews b ,
2S91 Elmer L, 3.. 10S IS K! 12 10 7 1' 7 h; E. A. Purnell . . . Stuart h 7
2080 Intrada. 3... 106 6 11% 7 Vi 10 2 8 1 Wheeler & Creelman See 2rt .*>
2362 Aphrodis. 8. ......103 5 5 2 « % O 1 S> * J- H.Simpson. ..O.\e.l IS Stf
2987 M.I*. Rothchild, 3.10S 4 »S 10^,11 1<> 1 iJ.. M. Crane. J. VVooas' H J»
29S5 Young Morello, 4.117 7 .4 Vt . » 2 8 1 11 10 | Walter Scharetg-.Sper.crj 10 15
2<JS7 Talma, 4.........1U 1 '2 2 2^12 12 P. McAuliffe. ... .Ransch 10 lrt
2S79 Crinkle. 5. ...... .114 8-124-13 IS Vi if. .1. McGee. ...Bozemanl 15 40
Time — V 4 :25»i- M, :50-'% 1:16; mile. l:42><-i. Good start. Won first three driving. Win
■ ner, Hennessey & Co.'a br. g. by Blazes-Octa Reed. Winner outgamed Oold Baron. Lime
light had rough weather part of the voyage. Colonel Ballantyne backed up In the stretch.
Fondo could have won with any luck. Wa»_badjy_
3005. SECOND RACE— Fire furlongs; selling:; two-year-olds; value to first. $025.
j ' ' "— j " ~1 T~ " ( Dettlng.
Index [Horse and Weight. St. %. %. Str. Fin. [ Owner and Jockey. j Op. Cl.
(2S24) Jacqueminot 115 2 1^1112*t3 Jennings & Co.. O'Connor! 4 S
2903 Egternell 115 3 2 !5 2 2 2 2 2 2 J. W. Schorr... J. Woods) 6-5 7-5
29(13 Catheilo ..110 6 6 1 « V 3 V> 3 4 Clayton & Co...E. Jonesl H 9
2842 Knocklngs .......108 7 41 414 1 4 2 C. Karl & Co Hoar! 'M ■ 80
29C3 Snowberry 115 9 : !l!4' 8 1 52 52 Kaufman &■ Cc.Mouncel i 9-*j
Larry "Wilt ....118 1 7 2 9 27 2 " B S ' T. H. Stevens. .Spencer .1O 12 :
2970 Matin Bell. «'i .....115 1O 10 10 8 ,71 Chinn & Foray th..Faunt • ll> 2O
2938 Budd Wade. ... . :1C8| 5 5% 52.61.82 B. Schrelber Ran3Ch 12 2i»
John H. Carr 1081 8 9 % 7 9 »5 IJames Curl Jackson 15 15
2981* Rose of China lllj 4 3 4 8 1 10 : 10 JW. Macdonough.^Bullmn 12 15
Time — %. :12Vi: %. :23^4;. V,, :48%; %, 1:01^4. Fair start. Won easily. Second and third
driving. Winner W. B. Jennings & Co.'s b. f. by Darebln-Red Rose. Winner received best
ride. Cathello. ran to form. Knocklngs can beat slower ones. Snowberry out of her stride
and mixed up at the start. Rose of China wilted , before the pace. Scratched — Bendara US,
St. Phillipina 115.
300O. THIRD RACE — 1'4 miles; hurdle handicap; 3-year-olds and up; value to first, $325.
_ . . | uettin*. .
Index JHorse,' Age, Weight. (St. Std. %. Str. Fin. " I Owner and Jockey. I Op. Cl. -I
2995 Phil Archibald, 3.. 125 3 4 113 1 2 1 C jCrane & Co .Peters[ 2 5^2 (
2995 Mazo, 6 ..132 2 15 28 2 10 2 1 |A.G. Blakely Lloyd 2 S-5
2995 Favorito, 4 ..147 K 3n 5 25 3 4 3 10 iKlunder & Burns. Armstr 5-2 »-2
21)95 Sam Green. 4 125 5 B >-i 3 4 4 20 4 20 .|Frank Duffy Evans 10 20
2577 Rainier. « 137 1 2 10 4 1 5 2W 5 30 |J. Wells Bennett • •
Adelante, a 128 4 5 1 H 10 tt 15 <J 25 |W. E. Stewart.. Murphy 10 12
2S8S Master Lee. 5 rtO 7 7 7 7 7 |H. Willis Brodiel ti 10
Time — 2:21^. Good start. Won easily. Second and third driving. .Winner. J. M. Crane &
Co.'s b. c. by Artillery-Flossie. Archibald excellently handled and undoubtedly best.
_;Coupled j W,ith_Phil Archibald^ j^^.
3OO7. FOURTH RACE— -Six and a half furlonss: two-year-olds; value to first. $525.
Index |Horse and Weight. [St. V*. Vt- Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op. Ci.
(2958) Com. Forster 10S 4 52 6 4nlh|J \X . Schorr.. J. Woods I 4 18-5
2984 The Giver Ill .1 :j h 4 n 2 u 2^ Elmwood Farm.Bullman 3 18-5
(2970) Milas 108 5 B • 5 n .: h 3 1 - Jenning3 & Co. O'Connor! 4 4
2988 Flo Culver 105 1 2 1 2 1>£ In 4 2 Stanfielc* & Ellis.. Duganf 12 20
2994 Jarretlere d'Or ..105 « 4h In 52 51 J. P Atkin. . .Buchanan ! 2 r^-5
2990 ;Sir Lewis IPS ,2- 1 >/j 3 h 6 K - M. J. Daly. L. Dalyj 7 10
Time— l-lC r :07; %• :24; V 2 . :4S!ii?4. l5<! O'if. 1:21. Good start. Won first~three driv
ing. Winner, J. W. Schorr's ch. c. by Llndeii-Peninah. Commissioner received a very
strong- ride and saved ground on stretch turn. The Giver ran a fine race. Milas went the
longest route. Flo Culver is blessed with speed. Jarretierre d'Or ran under wraps until
let down, when he flattened out. Scratched — Royalty 105.
.'i(M)H. FIFTH RACE— Seven furlongs; selling; three-year-olds; value to first, $325.
II I BetnnK
Index |Horse and Weight. [St. 'i. %. Str. Fin. Owner ar.d Jockey. I Op. CL
2993 I Jim Hale 109 .1 In 1 h 2 1 In W. L Sta>3eld. Jaekson 5^2 «
29tv! |Edna Brown ....107 1 « 4 3 2 S3 2 2 Vt R. A. Smitu T Burns * 4
298-! Bernota 107 2 2 2 23 In 3 2 Burns & Watrhs. Buchan 5 7
(2991) El Oriente 107 « C ti 4 5 4 15 Baldwin & Co. .. Ransom 10 15
2980 Maresa 107 4 5 2 4 U 5 5 5 8 ./. II Dolan J Woods 8 10
Bard Burns 112 5 4 V 3 5 n 6 0 D. S. Fountain. .Mounce 8 5o
(28. - t9) Impromptu .110 Left. Montana Stable. Bullman 2 1.1-5 --.^
2578 Marineuae ... 119 Left. : J. Conway.; Bennett) 5O HOO
Time— %, :12%; Vi, :2.*5Vi: l~. :4S'4; ■%. 1:14; ;». l:2R ! >i. Bad start. Won fl-st threa
driving. Winner, W. L. Stanfleld's b. g. by Piccolo-Rlllito. Jim Hale ran a very gam« "
race. Bernota tired, but Edna, although desperately ridden, could not catch the leader
Bard Burns high in flesh. El Oriente not there. Marir.euse interfered with Impromptu.
hoOl). SIXTH RACE — One mile; selling; three-year-olds and~*uj>7 value~TT!irst7~$325.
Index Horse. Age. Weight. St M. tt. Str. Fin. Ownsr and Jock*?. I Op? l£lt Ct.
2990 Dr. Bernays, a.. 114 7 5 ! 3 2 1 1^11 J. Conway J Woods! 8-5 TT~A
2978 Cougar. 3 11110 83 52 .414 25 Elmwood Farro.bullman 7-2 5
2983 Grand Sachem, tf.114 B 2 n 4 h 5 2.32 J. J. Moran. . .Buchanan « ft
2974 Courtier. 3 105 3 4 2 3 2 8 h 4 2 Ezell & Lazarus. ..Burns 7-- 3
2967 Compass, :t 105 1 12 l*»2h 55 James Wilson McGinn 10 1O •
2973 Romany, 5 114 2 7 2 7 »j « .1 «4 Liberty Stable. . .Jackson 10 15
2975 Frank Duffy. 4.. Ill 4 10 9 15 7 ',4 7 10 P. Sheridan.. Spencer S lft
2829 Kathrne Ennis. 3.105 « 3 Vt 8 5 8 4 8 4 Mrs. F. Spiers Ransom lH 1«>
2980 Corrlente. a 114 8 (ih 6h 95 96 .1. J. Coalter. . .Bozeman 1W ICO
2986 |Rey d S. Juan. tJ..114j 9 t> V, 10 10 10 [m. Forster Ransoh) oft ".'
Time— %. :25>i: Vj. :50; %, 1:16; mile. 1:41 >4. Good start. Won easily. Second and third
, driving. Winner. J. Conway's ch. g. by Sir Dlxon-Welsbaden. Away better Courar mar
have given the Doctor a race. Sachem is Improving: Courtier outfooted Scratrhpd— -P-rt '
gardo 114. Einstein 114, Pegalong 105. ocratcnea— Ed-
2782 Ishtar 110 23S8 Botany 110
29S8 Glentlenning .110 2S73 Victoria S 110
(2988)Josie G 110
Fifth Race — One mile; selling; three-year
olds and upward:
2993 Bedeck ICGi (3003) David S ....103
2990 Oscar Toile ..10tt|(2990)Plohn 112
. Sixth Race — One and a sixteenth miles; sell
ing; three-year-olds and upward:
2987 El Mido 112 (2673) El Fonse ...;10O
2987 Ulm 101) (2992)First Shot ..109
2991 Morinel 109 299T Artllla 109
(2969) Windward ...112 2985 Lost Girl 100
2997 C. Attorney .-.100 3003 Dlomed 100
2V97 Tony Lepping.103 3003 Afghan 10»
Selections for To-Day.
. First Race— Royalty, Montoya, De Capo.
Second Race— Pat Morrissey, Torsina, Miss
Vera. %
, Third Race — Hainault, Huachuca, I.apldus.
Fourth Race — Botany, Josle G, Glendenntng.
Fifth Race— Bedeck, Oscar Tolle. David S.
Sixth Race—^Artilla, El Mldo. Afghan.
MOTHER DIES
WITH DAUGHTER
Lives Are Lost in Dis
astrous Fire in Lake
County.
SANTA ROSA, Dee. 19.— A telephone
message from MiddletowTi. Lake County,
to - Mrs. J. F. Gare of this city, received
this morning, announces that the latter's
sister, Mrs. A. J. Gare. and, her daughter,
Edney, were burned to' death sometime
last night in a'flre which destroyed their
home.
Mrs. Gare was a widow and lived with
her son and daughter about a mile from
Middletown. It is not known whether the
fire was accidental or the result of in
cendiar;' work.
RIVER STEAMER BREAKS
KX+ IN TWO AND GOES DOWN
Eight Deckhands Are DTOwned But
All of the Officers Are
» m Saved.
CHARLESTON, W. Va., Dec. 19.-The
steamer Kanawha Belle, which runs be
tween Charleston and Montgomery, went
over lock No. 3 at Pan Creek on her down
trip to-night, broke in two and Is a total
■wreck. Eight of the crew, all deckhands,
were drowned. All the officers were
saved. ■ ir*
Sugar Industry in a Bad State.
BRUSSELS, Dec. 19.— During the de
bate on the budget In the Chamber of
Deputies to-day- M. Glroul advocated
financial assistance for the sugar indus
try. He said he hoped the International
sugar conference would decide 1n favor of
the abolition of bounties, but In the
meanwhile, unless the Government came
to its rescue, the Belgian sugar Industry
would perish owing to the unfavorable
conditions under which it competed In
the international markets.
AJJVESTISEMEITTS.
~THi~FEAFj^
Prevents Many People From Trying
; a Good Medicine. ;L' V ,'
Stomach troubles are so common and la
most cases so obstinate to cure that people
are apt to look with suspicion on any
remedy claiming to be a radical, perma-
nent cure for dyspepsia and Indigestion^
Many 'such pride themselves • on thei?^
acuteness In. never being humbugged
especially In medicines.
This fear of being humbugged caji be
carried too far, so far, in fact, that many-
people suffer for years with weak diges-
tion rather than risk a little time and
money In faithfully testing the dalm3
made of a preparation so reliable and uni-
versally used as Stuart's Dyspepsia Tab-
lets.
Now, Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets ar»
vastly different In one Important respect
from ordinary proprietary medicines, for
the reason that they are not a secret pat-
ent medicine. No secret is made of their
ingredients, although they are sold by alt
druggists under protection of trade, mark
but analysis .shows them to contain the
natural, digestive ferments, pure aseptic
pepsin, the digestive acids. .Golden Seal,
bismuth, hydraatls and - nux. They are
not cathartic, neither do they "act power-
fully on any organ, but they cure indiges-
tion on the common sense plan of digest-
ing: the food eaten thoroughly before it
has time to ferment, sour and cause the
mischief. This is the only secret of their
Success.
Cathartic pills never have and never can
cure Indigestion and- stomach troubles, be-
cause they act entirely on the bowels,
whereas the whole trouble is really in the
stomach.
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets taken aftiur
meals digest the food. That is all there Jf
to it. Food not digested or half-digestea
is poison, as It creates gas, acidity, head-
aches, palpitation of the heart. I033 of
flesh and many other troubles which are
often called by some other name. . ,.*»„,
O visit DR. JORDAN'S cheat, >•
fMUSEUM OF ANATOMY'
\ ,Qr" - The Largest Anatomical Museum in jhe
9 JC2TRS*. WorUt «•*>«<<«*«« or uy contracted ,
M SSI-?! ™ $ease f""'«'r«"»< t>y the oldest '
IHhI Specialist on the Coast Est 36 years. i (
4 jBGf I DB - JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN I
\ itlX^S Consultation free »nd strictly private \
9 5 jQ"X n TrwwmeiM personally Of by letter. A M
\ 5 U 1J fit ■* ImW *"* C"» i» ««ry ea»e undertaken. V
B F a II A Write for Book. PBILOsorat «r A
II II* MARRIAGE. KAILE3 FXBS, {Ar
A (J Jl, valuable book for mm) \
f DR. JORDAN A CO.. 1051 Market St., S. P. f
>1 "%t "^ **> ~% %i <Hfc <H y t t j
§DR. MEYERS & CO.
SPECIALISTS FOR MEN.
Established ISM. Coa.
•ultatlon and private boo*
free at office or by ™»ti
Cures sruaranteed. f /
731 MARKET ST. M['
SAN gRAMCISCO. f^S
Weekly Call. 81 dot -TearBUILDS UP A GREAT BUSINESS
THROUGH HONESTY AND ENERGY
' - -
Bernard Katschinski, Proprietor of the Splendid
Philadelphia Shoe House, Starts Career With One
Assistant, and To-Day His Staff Numbers Ninety
years ago to-day, on De
j I cember 20, 1881, Bernard Katschln
jl ski, proprietor of the Philadelphia
XL shoe house, first opened his store
and laid before the people a very
tumble display of boots and shoes. The
store was a wooden frame building eight
een feet wide and forty feet deep. The
merchant had just come from Sacramen
to, where, as a barber, he had accumu
lated a capital after eight years of hard
work amounting in all to 52300.
He saw at once that energy was the
quality required to build up a trade, and
vith one assistant, Fred Meadows, he
turned up his sleeves and turned in to
his way to the top of the commer
■ eial tree. How successful he has been is
BACTCTG ACROSS COTTNTBY
TO JOIN HER DYING LOVES,
Hiss Lillian Griffith Hurrying to the
Bedside of Frank T. Suman to
Marry Him.
SOUTH BEND, Ind.. Dec. 19.— Frank T.
Suman of Valparaiso, Ind., lies jon his
deathbed in California fighting off death
eo that he can again see his sweetheart,
Lillian Griffiths, 17 years of age, who is
racing across the continent as fast as
trains can carry her.
Suman, who was a social leader in Val
paraiso, is well known all over Northern
Indiana. He is a son of J. C. B. Suman,
Mayor of Valparaiso. Last summer he
tvas taken very ill, and hoping to improve
his health went to the Pacific Coast. Mis3
Griffiths told him that when he returned
Che would marry him. and now she will
marry him in California if she wins her
race against death.
emBBHBBBBBBUEHHHBBBHHRHBBIHHHfHHkHHHn
B :.%■>: ■ m
0 B
D S
I LAST EVENING I
I AT THE....- . I
I Sterling; I
U - ' '. H
1 ■
I 1039 Market Street I
I I
a Was confined to g
[) the annex and g
I Will Not I
I Interrupt Business [
ti - ■ ■ ■ ■ •„ ■ ■ . "■ • . ■
II : ' ■
l\ The delivery of Richmond Ranges and g
'j Crockery will be delayed for a day or two. §
n • = .."-.■ '--■
tl ; ; , ' ■'■■:• ■ • ■
n - F E
B • ; >■■■' 5
£► AH goods sold or to be sold will be de-
ll livered promptly and in our usual first-class S
S condition. ■
B • . ' ' '■••-■''■
■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■"■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■ B
,-aMKBBBflBBBBBBB2BflBttnBBMHaBMBBBBH
B. KATSCHINSKI, PROPRIETOR
PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO., WHO
HAS BEEN IN BUSINESS TWEN
TY YEARS.
well known to the citizens of San Fran
cisco, for on that same site there now
thrives the Bame Bernard Katschinski.
with a handsome store and a staff of
ninety employes, among them the faithful
Fred Meadows, who from a three-dollar
a-week shop boy has grown up In corre
sponding importance with the owner.
With pride the shoe merchant looks
back to the early days, and glowing are
the reminiscences he relates, but, above
all, his desire is to impress upon the
growing* youth his own boyhood expe
riences -and the truth that his great suc
cess and sound standing in the commu
nity are due to strict attention to duty,
honorable dealing with his fellow citizens
and, principally, his one rule never to
misrepresent an article to a customer, but
at ail 'times and under all circumstances
to give value for the money received.
That has been with him, he says, a re
ligion.
In order to commemorate the anniver
sary in a manner that will make his cus
tomers participants the merchant will
present to each one of his callers to-dav,
customer or otherwise, a picture of the
late lamented President, William McKin
ley.
PERKINS PRESIDES OVER
SESSION OF THE SENATE
Bill to Temporarily Provide Revenue
for the Philippines Is Referred
to Committee. ■
WASHINGTON, Dec. 19.— In the ab
sence of Frye of Maine President Pro Tern
Perkins of California presided over to
day's session of the Senate.
The bill to temporarily provide revenue
for the Philippine Islands, which waa
passed by the House of Representatives
yesterday, was referred to the Committee
on Philippines.
A bill to increase the official bond of
the United States Marshal of Alaska in
certain cases to $75,000 was introduced by
Hoar and passed without reference to
committee.
At 12:40 the Senate, on motion of Hale,
went into executive session.
THE SAiN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 20, 1901.
BATTLE STARTS
IN COURTROOM
Witness and Lawyer
Enliven Proceedings
at Alturas.
Modoc Lynching Case. Gives
Promise of Some Sen
■ sations.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
ALTURAS, Dec. 19.— The impassioned
remarks of lawyers, the frequent flaring
up of hot-tempered witnesses and a good
sized crowd of attentive and picturesque
auditors made this day interesting In the
Brown case, or as it is more popularly
called, the Modoc lynching case. " ,
The "morning session of the court was
pretty much devoid of incident, but the
afternoon developed enough of sensation
to satisfy even the most exacting of
metropolites. It was a session brimful
of excitement and the wonder is that it
did not end in serious encounters.
Witness Courtwright was again put on
the stand for. cross-examination by the
defense. «fHe stated that he never said
anything about a halter, ropes or splicing
ropes, '"and the record of my testimony
to that effect taken by the reporter is in
error," he declared.
Tight in Courtroom.
Attorney Raker then stated that the rec
ord showed the witness had testified false
ly. The witness rushed -from the stand
and struck at Raker, who in turn struck
Courtwright on the head with a rod. The
Sheriff separated the combatants and the
court threatened the witness and Raker
with punishment if the offense was re
peated.
Raker moved to strike. out all the testi
mony of the ■witness ori the eround that
the court refused the defense the right
to cross-examine. The witness then tes
tified that John A. Brown and Charles
Auble and some other lawyer were fol
lowing him around and listening to what
he said since he had been in Alturas.
' The Court ordered the witness off the
stand during the recross-examination and
a half-breed child, Agnes Wilson, was the
next witness. She testified that she knew
Hall and Brown. She was present at the
arrest of Hall and stated that the defend
ant swore at Hall and punched him in the
back with a rifle.
Ernest Bonner, District Attorney of
Modoc County, said to-night :
"Relative to an article which appeared
In one of the dailies of San Francisco on
the date of December 17, I never accused
Foreman Kistler of the Grand Jury of
bulldozing his fellow-jurors into bringing
indictments against any one. I did oppose
further indictments by the Grand Jury
until such time as the cases now on trial
should be determined. I did this believing
such to be a proper and a business-like
course to adopt, it being estimated that
the trial of three cases now under indict
ment will leave a deficit of about $20,000
in the county treasury.
District Attorney's Statement.
"I never wrote any article or suggested
any article for any paper of this county
or outside denouncing the prosecution of
these cases and the editors of county pa
pers will substantiate my statement. The
only articles I ever wrote or suggrested
are Alturas notes for the Adin Argus and
Cedarville Record and scattering locals
for local papers, none of which locals or
articles have in any way been connected
with the Lookout cases.
"I never denounced the Attorney Gen
eral's office except for one thing, publica
tion of my private confidential communi
cations last October. I have never refused
any assistance requested or ' desired or
asked in the prosecution of these cases.
D. P. Brown of the Grand Jury never to
my knowledge accused me of being an
attorney for the defense, though he did
state that he did not consider I was taking
the lead in the prosecution of the cases.
I am perfectly willing that the Attorney
General's office should be given full power
to make a .thorough and exhaustive trial
of the case of James W. Brown and to
that end have been and now am willing
and ready to give every assistance in my
power toward a full and fair trial of said
case. I have not considered District At
torney Boyd of Lassen County of any
particular consideration one way or an
other at anv time."
OF INTEREST TO PEOITLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
Several Changes in the Postal Service
and More New Pensions
Granted.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 19.— Postmasters
commissioned: ' Oregon — Frank Craig,
Pines; Nathan E. Chambless, Sunnyside.
Washington— Leander D. Jackson, Dole.
Fostmasters appointed: California —
John Maddox, Miller, Mendocino County,
vice Alice James, resigned.
Washington— M. F. White, Springfield,
Pierce County, vice V. L. Cole, resigned.
l.ural free delivery will be established
February 1, 1902, at San Marcos, San Di
ego County, California, and at Camas,
Clarke 'County, "Washington.
These pensions were granted: Califor
nia: Original— Andrew W. Corbin, El
monte, $6. War with Spain— William
Morse, Soldiers' Home, Los Angeles, $6.
Increased — Martin Fahey, San Francisco,
$8; Samuel Dial, Soldiers' Home, Los An
geles, $6: Matthew Rowe, Orange, $10;
Thomas Hart, Garden Grove, $8. Widow,
Mexican War— Rosa Donohoe, Santa
Clara, $8. •
Oregon: Increased — William Benedict,
Salem, $10.
Washington: Widow— Margaret Borden,
Spokane, $8.
Adjutant General Seamans of Califor
nia, who has been seriously ill at the Arl
ington Hotel in this city, is reported to
night to be much better.
BUILDINGS ARE LOST
IN BAKERSFIELD FIRE
Fifteen Thousand Dollars' Worth, of
Property Destroyed by the
Flames.
BAKERSFIELD, Dec. 19.— A fire which
for a time threatened the office buildings
in the southern section of the city broke
out to-night in the Union Lumber Com
pany's office at Chester and Railroad
avenues. The blaze is thought to have
been caused by crossed electric light
wires, but many persons are of the opin
ion that the fire was of incendiary origin.
The damage is estimated at $15,000, par
tially insured.
A lire of unknown origin destroyed Mil
ton McWhorter's refinery just east of the
Southern Pacific round house in Kern
City to-night. Two outside stills and some
lumber were saved, but the principal por
tion of the plant, including one still, much
asphalt and many barrels of oil was de
stroyed. The refinery was erected last
spring and as it supplied this city » with
distillate as fuel for oil-burning stoves,
the loss of the' refinery will be felt by
others than the owners. The loss cannot
be accurately estimated to-night.
Court Orders His Acquittal.
SAN JOSE, Dec. 19.— A. Paladini,\ a
wholesale fish merchant of San Francisco,
was to-day acquitted in the Superior
Court of violating the fish laws of the
State by selling a quantity of salmon in
this city. Last September Paladini ship
ped the fish to Paul Haagen of this city
and a few days later he was arrested by
Game Warden Foster. The fish was sold
in San Francisco and Paladlni's attorney
contended that the trial should be. had
there. There was a variance between the
indictment and proof of venue and Judge
J ..origan ordered the jury to return, a ver
dict of acquittal. He held that trial, if
had at all. should have been in San Fran
cisco County.
Postage on Christmas Edition.
The great Christmas edition of The
Call, issued December 15, 1901, \ con
tains 70 pages and will weigh If
ounces. The rates of postage on this
edition will bo as follows:
Domestic 5 cents
Foreign......... .9 cents
* THE ■■EMPOBIUM.' - | > THE EMPORITTBr. | THE EMPORIUM. | % THE -rTWPOBTrjaL
I California's Grandest Holiday Shopping Place. |
$ — — -.— — — — — '— ■ ■ — - — ; — — — '-~ .. , . : : : : ' j
g Merchandise Or tiers Do TPiUillZ HI^P^bif^^lPBMM Glove Orders Save Bother. x
J=> Away with the trouble of making selections for other people. |a ra*^ JoT I WEB Kr^Bl BfMr H M ne men out of ten don't know the size she wears or the .J
tk They are good at any counter in the store for merchandise to £tj jM J^* jP*' . , Xfty q^ IgJl |wB colors that she prefers. Glove3 are safe presents to give, and "^
Jf the amount' for which- they arc made out. On sale at Glove H ™ a . . rtN JL ak *^ '-^• r y c^-— -...,. "■" MM a safe way to give them is to buy a Glove Order. You are «
J. Counter in Rotunda. ™ . An\CriCa.a Or&IVaCSt OlOPC. sure to please the recipient. Jf
I There is Small Need to Remind You of the 1
I Advantage of Trading at The Emporium. |
jf Everything to cat, drink or wear on sale here; highest. class merchandise and the largest stock to choose from; • more than 2000 people to wait on you; open <J
K every evening until Christmas; and our department store prices mean, The most for your money' that it is possible to get anywhere. Here arc a few sag- jt
H gestions for to-day '\i shopping: j»
% Bath Robes Chafing \ St. Nicholas Bronx^FIg- Umbrellas Work Box, Premiere Suit 1
5 $5.00. Dish $3.50 for 1 900. ure$25. and Canes. $1.00. Gloves, £ $
i C§ h . ;' y . . .-' \i .■ p^'.-we,,, - : $1.5O. uase j
* \itt''£)\ eled P lated c°PP er » case and tassel' tor ".- ... l$1,OO ■ -X= V^^JiZ^^ «
K W0M ebonyhandled, ven- • 'd A known artist of ...$253 Oh, rs from 2 5 c to _. J**' . *-*"^ .,
ft [<%.''••■ 'A\ America for boys and San Francisco th-nks nth*r* fmm *'■,,*'* T 3; valu: in J€
* IffwvSx tilated asbestos filled girls of all ages; the that the statuette "o$,/o? $5-OO. Ladies* Kid Gloves Men's Dress Suit Case '{
Jf *~&£JJ^ , , , complete magazine pictured above is the ., _ '"• *- : c . . „ r - „ that can possibly be V
i Men-r^down Bath lam P» handsome for the year ,900 in J rettiest one in our N^ Style ft^Cdl-M produccd P f O r -S o 1 i d leather, £
Jf Robes; full weight; nickel-plated stand, . a handsomely bound stock of several hun- Care» — The iLm '^™~« *S™^"? price; real Italian hand-sewed, best *
£ nice soft finsh; cut our price only .. volumes, published dred. It is a hand- ones made of Bam- • toign, cwpplete wittt k5dskin> newest cut> - . » M
K extra long and wide; &3 BO « |4.ooj our r rice some bronze statuette * "^ !S1 " stitchings and colors/ mountings, leather J
J well made, pretty' ' * ' * . . . . $3.35 of -Eros," 24 inches cro °khandes, silver and good razor for J
5 garments, only. .. Qlhtrs from $3.25 The A 1«ier Series f r hl sK perfect in every mounted; dozen, of •••• # evening wear; fitted . £
If ... $5.OO _ ■ K»S sVfrited detail, and instead of different mourtngs, Other* from $1.35 and guaranteed . . genuine . ebony fit-
J B.anket Robes io$ l5 .oo. « o Ts~of 'the right I35-O or J! 4 o.oo, OO " tO *' O <»' „ ,> ' \ ' **l*° *V ' 925.OO \
h ... .$5.00 c , _ - . _ . sort ,. 6tle l. * as it would easily ** UO ' ' xT , ;*^ :; .r Haifa dozen pairs of 3
f Crash Bath Robes-A ChaHng Dish, Forks so «. .: H » les - ° " r br ] ng in an cxc i usive Men's 28-inch Gloria Necktie Boxes-Full thes . g!oves would Suit Case— £
*» very large assortment and Spoons— Ebony P P OJV $ have and Un ; on Taffeta celu'oid; new de- ma ke a splendid _. , . ... «
; j of patterns in seven handles; $1.5O The Welleilev Ser'es marked it .... S i 1 k Umbrellas— s-gn; satin lining . Holiday gift. . If you *»nestleatner, quirted
ft qualities frcm ... ■ «-f 7? a h ' f° r Gi li- — Carefully # # # $25mOO Handsome handles, 7SO don't know the sire satin fining; solid J*
5 . £3 to $7.59 91>'O cacn. sc - ectcd books in case and tassel ... Celluloid Cuff and Col- and colors prefcred, '^ c • J
* Best Eiderdown Robes Five o'Clock Tea— pretty cloth bindings; 0 htr Bronys from . . . . $2.25 lar Box— Satin lined buy a Glove Order y mOngS ' * * $
j£ \ . . $12. OO $1.53 to $13 our price. . 39O $3-OO io $37.50 Others up, to $15.00 • • • . $1.37 for. . . $9.OO .. • .$25.00 *
£ MufftBfs, Red Satin Smoking Christmas Perfumo Ladies' Owl Cigars Finest 3
| £ Nlckwe e a7.' Slippers, Jacket, Dress Suit Pkg.y23o'i Hdkfs. 8 for 25c. Hosiery. |
ap The holiday stocks in $ 1,25m $6.9 5m PatteMSm -, • A limited quant-ty of '^-w *
£ the Men's Depart- J.j£$H - ....... c ■ Tr A II \ r^ <r " -^«__ Owl 5c Citfars on i fc?^# *
J^ ments are complete J^SH This is the kind o r IL_ Ji/ifftll v^^^>^Zj^S^ yL V y If
JT gife m L' /?0$£g£' VK^feli ers, wives and sisters; fLa^^jh/^jl ' J* / \\ . 3 fOW 25o I jl "^V^/^ j*
AT hemstitched; good Lades' Quilted Satin / X W ?c\ ■ S °- * ° c u = " CW " - . . . - , nr , u ' . ' °>»
J? anH lnno- nnlv ci- „ ■ /-.v/ . Jl . winter fabr.cs, such •; '^MaS©*^ .- A box of I0O Mum- V
— and long, only. . Slippers — Red or I7.<l iff\^S%} _ - . r ' . Thi» fine Holiday ■
J ... .$1*QO w \. r . XAJffifcffir as. Granites, Saun J • boldt, BelmontJ, Lad»es Imported pure «J
If Telti- grade., $r. 50, ' ' Ur " tnmmcd I \ Prunellas, Melrose, package contains 4 U Jlvad and other thread lift hose; J
if e,,^'c^- 5 °i^ t t0 P s » ««ce lined, . ][ .. j I )f Zibilines, Poplins, cakes of Soap, one Lace trimmed handker- weU . knowa la^ c r Hermsdorf black; •«
ft Si U Suspender* — In hand - turned soles, mil if ■ ,,-. . . ,h;-f s linm cmtm . . . 1. •• 5
§ p-ain fdorcd ,nd new „ I . " / Broadc.oths, etc., put ; Wtle of Sachet and <**«.■ *~~M tfa. most |
Si fancy webs; plated . ' . - * up in pretty 6-yard . . f . « cost you elsewhere lace effects; box of 3 £
J and" sterling silver '" most «™ for Heavy all-wool double- Holiday ekf^ one botdc of good $ J hm . $Q . . $ WbO O £
* buckles.. $1,OO |I.SO} our price. faced materia , ; n which cost al , the P«fume, and costs half dorca box> » j single pair $3. SO X
t£ "Better grades $1.50, .... $1.25 ,. ' ' . . wa from ' here only . 25 CS box X 5 ° me4ium " J»
I Hond\rVec&r- U - Smiedt" ' §|||S lU'SO* $15 Oirar(J F ih Choice -BQO *>'$i*O % n %^ I
J and 6 newL^Secd red or black . ©5© . some" combinations; Enough Silk for a imported Perfumes, Embroidered all-linen _ $2.OO dorf black ; *»* ">" *
Jf that the swell. New Men's Slippers ... a splendid «iooo Silk, Waist makes an one -ounce bottles, handkerchiefs, each * step> wirf, colored X
*C York manufacturers 7Bo, 9&O . * .. . '^* admirable ! Christmas put up in nice Holi- 25O to $5.OO A \ ' 5c U S m I ' or «lk embroidery; the «
X Swea U r" in 5"c Chndfen^ Red ' Felt ' ' ■ gift.' Our sa'espeople day boxes," I," 2, 3 Real Duchess Lace 25C ' latest fad; box of 6 j
*^ $1.00 SI1.5O Juliets . . ... Others fr:m $485 will gladly assist you in 'or 4 in a box;. bottle handkerchiefs, each All I2j£c Cigars, pairs . . $4,25 Jt
X" and $2*OO. ■- ■ : 75O and 8SC ti $15.00. selecting the right kind. . . . '. . 5Oc $1 . SO to $25 each lOc Single pairs . 75f3 5
jf — : ; : l - : : — : — — .
J S'lvep <c^ Calendars Xmas Tree Brownie Silk Bed Grocery Liquors Watch "j
£ ue^yP^S-^ XmasOards, Ornamsnts .Cameras. Comforters Bargains, To-day. $57. OO. x
K / c&i]i r #]£ \ More than 230 ° de ' Incomparab:y low y^S^s. y^^^^^ Mixed Nuts— All fancy Port or Sherry — Full * %
£ «S3&is0?£>\ S ' S u S ln Ca -" prices fcr the bright- &S£Sa* ' J$t<£s&D large stock; to-dny', quarts; regularly 40c; V^) .J
ti w335!)SyS? ~" the prettiest , *, & I A^^^Srr lb 13n to-day, 4 bottles for «
fc ° m^S® things that the For- «t and pr etti e s t \ " / /^£^^^^ ' • . . . $1 OO X^^^fev "5
*^ Wl2*5l?vP ei 6 n ' Kastcrn and Christmas Tree Or- C^~^^^ Currants — Redeaned;- * ' &fc / '^^\ 3«
*: J . Local artists pro- nament and j. /W^M^ \£&>^ "^ goods; to-day, Brandy-Good quality |t |^ O J
Z \ ' t Z\ duced this year; . , . , . P S&W&afTT Ib for Holiday use; to- U^ .W &
I V /y P"« S »nge fn,m the b '^ St Beautiful comforters; p , um Fuddin4 T(J day, botde . 55C "J
g X Y «ch. 8C to $5 assortment in city to Hberallv filled with Tv ,SS?JffS | Medford Kum - Bot- %
i ...»V«25C J.X'. withsilkinrichcol- STcE? £ £S2s£ J
W^!^^^MWW^oW^^ il^ii^iP^ iP Hce £Z> " |
K han«bomegiftforl,d/ Flower Calendars . . r] ' „ , The new B r ow n ie with cambric; a • _• • • ■ «" turned case with ad- *
K »^i.m,n«»» 00. Glass Tree Tops, each Camera No. a is one very beautiful, very . lk #<?/« Cordialj— In fancy de- justed full jeweled «
iiSIiiSliiSP llSS Wk&M liii HIS =?&v«S ssljk I
5 i' S n k5 J 7 - 5 ° 75C GlaSSB «t'^ r JSc ° r Wh -jJ. "P Uble -J lft 5 ~ ch %" ed '> a " Whiskey-Full quart uUoST. . ... $
$ Maficure Nets - 16 Rembrandt and Van " " ° P«fect pictures, *X -$11.50 u . On -: • ' ; 25 ° demijohns; fine old - - . $57.00 *
I "^rsolid Wed '^^StfS " neeLM !&; On, Down ComforterS) cov . gg^^??. bourbon . 8 5o Other styles solid %
g (colonial pattern) $2 93 5O * 20c posures -without re- - ! ", -, WUlb Anderson Coun- gUd cases $2 5 .oo X
J pieces; in plush lined CalKornia View Calen- Candy Boxes for filling . loading, and costt . «ed with best fig- 5.1b. wooden pails tyWhisk ring % $75.00. |
* case ! $25.00 A^20oto800 -~ .5o ■' to 43o $1>6O ured f ateen, made for . . .;■ . . . 75O Jfi- r ; ch P me ,f LaJ{^ m CoU .jj
*C Other styles $^.00 Beautiful Christmas Candle Holders, per A practical Camera, largest beds (size 6x7 5-lb. jars . . QUC low; gallon, 53.50; Watches $22. 50 X
jf to $20 00. Cards, fc to $1 dozen 5j to 5 Qo not a toy. I feet) . . $5,85 3-Ib. jars . . 65O bottle. .$1.00 to $50.00. *5
%' — ; • •' " v , " •', ' /; — : — r— — . . : ■— . J
I The Big Holiday Sate of Holiday Furniture Sales. %
{? IUl£*n*Ct SMat)mfB J?^11#C^ mf^imfm\4him%tm 4" « *\ Morris Chair— As Tabourette— In oak or mahogany finish, with g
$ . MWM&KB 9: tOitlBIU Mm9*Jy& %m*aWttMn*§a WZ*$**\ > picture, ad- graceful French legs $1.10 j
$ Thousands of gift-givers who believe in. giving useful J|ffe£^\ . IZ Othets J 2O °> *3°° to *7& $
tiS' f £ presents "will appreciate our Holiday Clothing Sale. We have made rsdUO" frames, cushions p iT \ QT Table— Golden oak, with thape top, «
| tions of from one-quarter to one-third m th e prices •^^^flfflfe S^F-^i Ms |
* of many lines of new Fall and Winter Clothing fot men and boys. S^Ti^^-lBlit and colored v =- 1^° "W* 1 ™* 1 * Styles, ranging in „«
S> „.-,.,. c . c .._., ... , '•■'. . '"'.. , A# » -„ ilfe^i 1 lours; our price, price JrOTtl $ I .OO 10 $dO.OO. <J
J^ Men s $12.50 Sack Suits— Cut in the new military style; during this sale $8.95 lil*^^^^* 1 only 55 65
K. Men's $15.00 S£Ck Suits— Equal to custom made in fit and finish, sizes to fit everybody, some f*8T Jrrrttf Others $8. SO, P* r ' or Rocker — Very comfortable, golden oak, 3
J^ 6U ! ts in this lot worth $17.50 ... . . .... . ..... . .... . . $11 45 j\ - '" !L~ "~ $iato$2O ' hand polished, saddle seat . . . . $4,75 jj
*? Men's $15.00 Overcoats— The new Greatcoat and the Yoke Overcoat; during this sale $11.4-5 I Piano Stool — In Others $2.^0, $3.50, Up to $2%. jf>
if Bovs' $7.50 Vestee Suits— Sizes for 3 to 6 years only; during this 'sale ... . . . S3.Q8 <L-' . mahogany or *■'.
If D«y» ti v 3 j ]y 6 *' u<00 r^^ solid golden oak, Pedestal in mahogany or golden oak, new *
R Boys' $10.00 Ovtrcoats— Pretty novelties in Russians and Automobile Overcoats; for boys 3 to hand polished $2.95 rope effect; special at. . . . $3.85 «
J- 7 years; during this sale . . . .... . ... ... . ... . . . . : $6.95 Others $4.00, $5.00 and $6.00. Others $5 OO $6 CO Ut> 10 $2O £
K Youths' $7.50 Suits— Serviceable business and school suits for young men 13 to 19 years of age; Handsome Couch— Covered in a variety of Y?' > r ■ > F y>u. j|
jf during this sale. . . . . . '. . . .... . . . . . . . : .,'_•• . . . $4 85 velours in pretty Persian patterns, spring edge Hat Rack — Golden cak, with oval or square 5
K Boys' $3.50 Suits— Double-breasted 'coat and taUor styles; can' fit boys, from 4 to 15 years o* • ■ • • •- • • • • • • • •• $7.75 mirror and umbrella holder. . . .$4.33 *'
5', age; Holiday Sale price . . . . . . ......... .... . . ... $2.48 Others at $io, $i 2, $ 18 and $24. Others t>7'5O, $10.00 to $7500 v
*?':• ■ . : ■ '.' .■;•■■■■:■■. ■-:.-.. ;.'.-.,• - ■' . . ■ ■ \ ••..•.-. ■
CHICAGO FACES
A COAL FAMINE
There Is Not More Than
Thirty Hours* Supply
in the City.
CHICAGO, Dec. 19.— Chicago is facing a
coal famine, and 15 degrees below zero
within twenty-four hours is predicted by
the Weather Bureau. Throughout the en
tire city big .consumers of ' hard and soft
-coal are begging shippers to supply. them,
but without- avail. The severe weather
and the floods; throughout the coal min
ing districts have tied up railroads to
such ; an extent that shipment is almost
Impossible. To add to the. serious short
age railroad companies are exerting
their prerogative of confiscating car lota
of coal as fast as .they : arrive here, and
are putting them to their own use. Large
business houses are suffering severely for
the want of coal and many concerns are
hampered by reason of insufficient steam
power. To-day many owners of large
buildings were besieging coal dealers and
begging that they be supplied with enough
coal to tide over the zero weather. ' At
midnight, a • number of ' coal dealers who
had. been canvassing the situation in the
city reported that; there was not [ more
than thirty hours' coal supply in the city.
If relief does not come by that time there
will; be much suffering and many manu
facturing plants will be forced to close.
The prediction of the Weather Bureau
Is for a new record hvlow temperature
for Chicago in the month of December.
At midnight the mercury showed five
degrees above zero and was falling
slowly.. ■
President Nominates Two Negroes.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 19.— The President
has nominated Dr.- J./R. A.' Crossland of
St. Joseph,' Mo., to be Minister to Liberia,
and J. C. Daley/Collector of the Port of
Wilmington, N. C, to- be Recorder of
Deeds of the District of Columbia, vice
Henry P. Cheatham, whose term of office
soon expires." Both of the new appointees
are nesroes.
Waiting to Be Filled.
In 'storage at the Belleville and St. Louis
glass .works: there are 20. million bottles
to be" filled with the King of Bottled Beers,
"BUDWEISER," brewed .by the An
heuser-Busch. Brewing Ass'n, St. Louis,
Mo. :;■■• .:■ ;\,"iV" ■•'•'. .'.■■'. *
AGREES WITH
SENATOR HANNA
Payne Says He .Is Not
to Become Leader of .
Republicans.
MILWAUKEE. Dec. 19.— Henry C.
Payne, the newly appointed Postmaster
General, arrived in Milwaukee from the
East to-night. Payne declined to be inter
viewed in rearard.to his policy as Post
mester General. He said the portfolio
was the only one on the list that he would
have accepted, and it came to him per
sonally through President Roosevelt.
Payne expects to leave for Washington
about the end of the first week in Janu
ary. In regard to a statement to the ef
fect that he was to succeed M.-A. Hanna
as the , head • of ' the - Republican party of
the nation, Payne said: 1
1 "There Is not nine whatever in that
statement. No man ln this nation will
were sincerely rejoice at my appointment
than Mr. Hanna. Between he and I there
la probably as close a personal, as well
as political, friendship as exists between
two men In the United States. All this
talk of friction between the President,
Mr. Hanna and myself la the sheerest
nonsense.
The Christmas News Letter.
Everybody seemed to have a copy of
this magnificent ' publication yesterday.
The number mailed to friends was enor
mous. It is certainly the handsomest
Christmas number this bright weekly has
ever published. The 120 pages of bright
reading and lovely illustrations have made
It the most popular Xmas gift for the
price — 25 cents. - • •
■. — ■ ■ m ■ -,
Fair's Chauffeur Has Troubles.
Louis D. Bertie, the chauffeur whom
Charles Fair imported with his famous
automobile from Paris, became involved
in serious trouble yesterday. The young
man took the automobile out against or
ders. He invited a lady friend- and one
of his chums to take a ride with him and
operated j the - machine * on roads of tha
park where automobiles are not allowed.
He was arrested. Charles Fair had to
bail him out. His case comes up to-day.
LJppltt & Fisher. 945 Market st.. are tha
Le/iders ln Children's Footwear. •
56
— - ■■•■.■'
FRIDAY DECEMBER 20, 1901
JOHN D. SPRECKELS. Proprietor. g
Utnu AH CeamsnJntiem 1» W, 5. LIAO, Hustler.
MANAGER'S OFFICE Telephone Press 204
PCBLJCATIO2V OFFICE. . .Market and THlrd, S. F.
Telephone Pre»« SOI.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 SteTenson St.
Telephone Press 202.
Delivered br Carriers, 15 Cents Per Week.
Slnsrle Copies, S Cents.
Terms by Mall. Inclndlnqr Postagret
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday), one year *«-00
DAILY CALL (Including' Suulay). t r-onth« 3.00
DAILY CALL (including Sunday). > months 1.60
DAIL.Y CAIXr-By Single Month CSo
StrXDAT CALU One Tear i- 60
WEEKLY CALL, One Year • 10 °
All postmasters are authorised to receive
subscriptions.
Sample cople» win be iorwarded when requested.
Mall subscribers In orderlte change of address should be
particular to tfve both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS in order
to Insure a prompt and correct compliance with their request
OAKLAXD OFFICE . • . .1X18 Broadway
C. GEORGE KROGXESS.
ruiger rertigB AiTcrtisinp. Harriett* Bulling, Chicago.
(Long Distance Telephone "Central 261S.")
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C C. CAH.I/TOJT * Herald Sqnare
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN B. SMITH 30 Tribune Building;
JfKW YORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf -Astoria Hotel; A- Brentano. SI Union Square:
Murray Hill HoteL - '*'
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Sherman House: P. O. News Cc.; Great Northern Hotel;
Fremont House: Auditorium HoteL
WASHIKfOTOX <D. C.) OFFICE 14O« G St., IV. W
MORTOX E. CRAXE, Correspondent.
BRANCH OFFICES — 527 Montgomery, corner of Clay, open
ontll 9:30 o'clock. 300 Hayes, open until 9:30 o'clock. 633
McAllister, open until 9:20 o'clock. 615 Larkln. open until
«•*> ©'dock. 19*1 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 2261 Market,
corner Sixteenth, cpen until 9 o'clock. 109S Valencia, open
tmtil J o'clock. 106 Eleventh, open until 9 o'clock. NW.
corner Twenty-sscond and Kentucky, open until 9 o'clock.
1200 FUlmor*. open until 9 p. ra. '
AMUSEHEBirrS.
Orpheum — Vaudeville.
Grand Opera-house — "Diplomacy."
California — "Rip Van Winkle."
Tlvoll— "Little Red Rldlnc Hood."
Central — "Muldoon's Picnic."
Alcaxar-"The Gay Mr. LlBhtfoot."
Columbia— "A Royal Ro*ue."
Chutes, Zoo and Theater — Vaudeville every afternoon and
Qaldaiid^Racetrack— Races to-day.
AUCTION SALES.
By Win. G. Layng — Saturday. December 21. at 11 o'clock,
Trotting Stock, at 721 Howard street. .
A CHANGE FOR CAPITAL.
PERSONS who are looking for permanent and
profitable investments of large amounts of cap-
A ital will do well to give careful consideration to
the problem of providing an abundant water supply
for San Francisco. It is not likely that such a sup
ply can be obtained anywhere nearer than the moun
tains. The construction of the necessary works will
therefore require much time and a large expenditure
of money, but in the end it will with good manage
ment prove one of the best investments now offered
to American capital.
The increasing population of San Francisco has
already taxed the resources of ' the Spring Valley
Water Company to such an extent that the company
has had to resort to the" use of Point Lobos Creek as
a source of supply. That source has now been closed
to the company by the demonstration that the water
is unfit for household use. The increase of popula
tion, with the augmented demand for water, will
eventually outrun the possibility of an adequate
supply from the present resources of the company.
Recourse to the mountains or to some other distant
source of supply will therefore have to be made, "or
within a comparatively few years the need of a better
water supply will be felt acutely by all classes of
At the present time the East has something like a
superabundance of capital. It is seeking investment
in every direction, not only at home but abroad.
Much of it has come to California, as is illustrated in
the purchase of the Southern Pacific Railroad and of
the Market-street railway, and of course much, more
has come in smaller investments that have not at
tracted pub^c attention. Such being the case it is
not unreasonable to expect that Eastern capital may
be forthcoming to undertake the great enterprise of
providing a mountain water supply for the city, and
it is certainly worth while for all associations engaged
in working for the general good to assist in attract
ing the attention of capitalists to the subject.
The issue should rot be ignored merely because
the need of more water is not acutely felt just at this
time. Intelligent men look to the future and pre
pare for coming needs that are clearly foreseen. It
is only the foolish who live from day to day with no
thought of the morrow. That we feel no urgent need
of an increased water supply just at this particular
juncture may be conceded, but what will be the situa
tion when the increase of population in the city and
its suburbs on both sides the bay will require more
than double the present supply?
There was never a better opportunity for obtain
ing capital for a great water supply enterprise than
that which is now afforded by the accumulation \ of
unemployed capital m the East. Money is so abun
dant there that any kind of legitimate enterprise on
a large scale can readily obtain backers; in fact,
many enterprises of a purely* speculative nature are
eagerly grasped by investors. Considerable sums of
American money are even being sent out of the coun
try, to Europe and elsewhere, in search of invest
ments, not one of which is so promising and so sure
as that of providing an elaborate and comprehensive
system of bringing water in large quantities from the
mountains to the crowded populations around San
Francisco Bay. ,
The issue should be taken up by Boards of Trades,
Chambers of Commerce and similar associations in*
all the cities around the bay. It is not .an issue
peculiar to San Francisco. It concerns the whole
suburban region as well as the cky itself. Moreover,
. it is an issue whose importance will increase' with the
years, and whose impending urgency ought not to be
overlooked in any consideration of the needs of the
community.
The sort of duties that harass a Mayor of Boston
may be inferred from the recent announcement of
Mayor-elect Collins that when he enters office he will
attend no balls or parties he would not have attended
had he remained in private life, and that his dancing
days are over. It would seem the Bostonian s expect
their Mayor to be more sociable than is good for him.
WATERS AND FORESTS.
UPON assembling to-day the members of the
California Water and Forest Association can
congratulate one another upon the increasing
public and popular interest in the work they have un
dertaken. The campaign of education on the subject
of the need for a comprehensive system of conserving
our forests. has had widespread effects, and. what was
regarded a few years ago as an academic question has
now become one of practical politics. - --
The Secretary of the Interior and the Secretary of
Agriculture have each referred to the subject so far as
it is affected by the work of his department and have
emphasized its importance. The President himself
has devoted a considerable portion of his message, to
Congress in urging the importance of forest preser
vation, beginning by reminding Congress that
"public opinion throughout the United States" has
moved steadily forward to a just appreciation of the
value of forests," and closing by saying: "The for
ests are natural reservoirs. By restraining the streams
in flood and replenishing them. in drought they make
possible the use of waters otherwise wasted. They
prevent the soil from washing and so protect the
storage reservoirs from filling up with silt. Forest
conservation is therefore an essential condition to
water conservation."
These utterances from the President and the heads
of departments at Washington, taken in connection
with the widespread demand for the adoption of a
national policy of forest protection on the public
lands, give reason for expecting from Congress some
thing in the way of definite action at this session.
The leadership of the National Government will of
course have its effect upon California, and conse
quently the members of the State association havea
fair prospect of seeing in the near future good re
sults from the work they have been doing with so
much zeal and energy.
The need of forest protection is now fairly well un
derstood by intelligent people throughout the Union.
I Here and there a voice of objection is heard, but the
objector has either seme self-interest to serve in the
waste of the forests or else he is one who "does his
own thinking" and never agrees with what any one
else says. Virtually that part of the campaign of edu
cation is over. Now comes the more perplexing
part — that of determining how the work of preser
vation can be best. carried on.
It is a foregone conclusion that under our system
of government forest preservation, like everything
else, must be dependent partly upon individuals,
partly upon local and State governments, and partly
upon the nation. There is reason to believe the
National Government will be willing to give consid
erable aid and support to State" governments that
enter earnestly and scientifically upon the task of pre
serving existing woods or of reforesting areas that
have been stripped bare of trees and are unfit for ag
riculture. The States, however, must take the initia
tive in dealing with their own problem's. I The Califor
nia Forestry Association is therefore doing a most
important service to the public in working out the
right solution for the many problems that will be in
volved in the conservation of woods and waters in a
commonwealth so varied as this. The meetings of
the association have always attracted a great deal of
; public interest, -and this meeting is likely to prove the
most attractive and important that has yet been held.
There has been developed by the combined efforts
of lawyers and doctors in the East a - new disease
called. "trolleymariia," which is said to be very effec
tive in getting damages, from trolley-car companies.
It is asserted the disease is caused by the cars, and
the Boston Herald says: "When explained by an ex
pert lawyer working for a contingent fee in a suit for
personal damages against a rich trolley corporation
this new affliction is something truly agonizing to an
impressionable jury."
A SUBFLUVIAL BRIDGE.
A MIGHTY bridge, constructed under instead
of over the waters of a deep and wide river,
is to be one of the first of the engineering
marvels Of the new century. The under-water bridge
is not to be a mere tunnel such as was constructed
years ago under the Thames by the genius of Brunei,
but it is to be a veritable bridge, a structure resting
not upon a foundation of earth, but upon piers,
just as any other bridge that is not supported by
cables.
This new feat in engineering is to be carried out by
the Pennsylvania Railroad Company for the purpose
of obtaining entrance into New York City. In ad
dition to the interest inherent in such a novel and
stupendous enterprise there is for San Francisco a
special interest from the fact that the problem to be
solved in crossing the North River from New Jersey
to New York City is not dissimilar to that which
would have to be solved in devising railway com
munication between San Francisco and Oakland.
The working out of the scheme in New York may
therefore lead to the undertaking of a similar enter
prise here.
It was at first the intention of the Pennsylvania
Company to construct a huge suspension bridge
over the river. It was found, however, that the
bridge would have to be elevated so high in order to
avoid interference with shipping that the approaches
to it. from either side would have to be very long to
provide suitable grades for trains. Careful calcula
tions showed that such a bridge, with its approaches,
including the cost of land, could not be constructed
for less than $50,000,000, and might cost $75,000,000.
That sum was believed to be too large an investment
for the desired purpose, and the suspension bridge
scheme was dropped. A* project for constructing a
tunnel .under the river was considered and investi
gated, but that in turn was abandoned because at the
point where the crossing is needed ,the river runs
over a mass of oozy mud upward of 100 feet deep and
incapable of sustaining a tunnel for heavy traffic. .
-A few, years ago engineers could not have over
come the. difficulties thus presented. It would have
been a case of suspension bridge, tunnel or nothing.
The engineers of to-day, however, have another re
source. Recent developments of electrical power r and
improved methods of tunnel construction, have "en
abled them to venture upon the building of the'so-.^
called "subfluvial bridge," whose estimated cost is
but one-fifth of what the suspension bridge is esti
mated to cost. .
A recent account of the scheme says: "The plan is
to run huge tubes through the clay some fifty feet
under the bottom of the water and' to support them
at intervals upon piers which shall rest upon bed
rock far below. In effect, this will be constructing,'
not tunnels, but tubular bridges, which will run
through the earth under the river instead_of through -
the air above it. This will obviate the difficulty,
which seems to be insuperable, of constructing; arid
sustaining tunnels in the thick bed of silt that;has ac
cumulated for ages in the bottom of the riverbetween.
the water and the clay. Bo.ring through the clay will
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, ■FRIDAY, DECEMBER 20, 1901.
be no difficult task, and going; down to the rock for
the support of piers to bear up the ponderous tubes
is deemed altogether practicable. Herein is the solu
tion of the problem of bridging the Hudson below
the bottom instead of above the surface."
It will be perceived that the successful construction
and operation of an under-water way of such propor
tions would almost certainly lead to the construction
of similar ways in other parts of the country where
there are broad waters to be crossed and where the
crossing is- not feasible by suspension bridge or the
old tunnel system. We may therefore watch the New
York venture with interest. Crossing by ferry-boat
may eventually become more a matter of choice than
QUEER DOINGS. IN BOSTON.
BOSTON aspires to be calm and cool. Her
culture tends to the suppression of the emo
tions as the chief end of education. A Bos
tonian is proud that "he can make love without feel
ing the slightest flutter of his pulse, and meet an
enemy with no desire to hit him. It has been believed
by the mass of the American people that this pe
culiarity of Boston culture is the 'result of, the exces
sive eating of clams; that the Boston blood has, in
fact, become clammy; and that Bostonian aspirations
are no more than the inevitable effect of a diet defi
cient in blood foods. That opinion, however, is
erroneous. Boston seeks repose not because she is
naturally calm, but because her innate tendencies
and instincts are toward the other thing. Her cul
ture is designed to be a restraint upon her too ardent
heart. She imitates the clam in her education be
cause in her natural impulses she tends to cavort like
the wild monkeys of Borneo. .
A proof of the over-excitability of the average
Bostonian is furnished by events now occurring.
We learn from the press of the city that there re
cently arrivedin Boston several Chicago evangelists,
including "the converted cowboy". and "the banker
pastor." Of the latter it is said: "He will do a half
million dollars of business in a day and preach to a
large audience at night, and have a long altar crowd
ed with seekers to God for mercy in an old-fashioned
manner." The other evangelists were not far be
hind the banker pastor in preaching even if they did
not do the big. business in dollars. Altogether .it
seems to have been a glittering constellation of scin
tillating specialists that turned loose their wild Chi
cago appeals to the ardent hearts of Boston, and the
results were disastrous to culture.
A Boston paper in describing the scene at one of
the revival meetings says: "Never before last night
has Park-street pulpit been desecrated on a Sabbath
by the sight of two men dancing together, while three
or four men capered about them, on the very plat
form itself, howling, jumping, clapping their hands
in a manner that would have turned even dancing
dervishes green with envy." Another paper of the
city, describing a "prayer-meeting" of the revivalists,
says: "Mr. Harvey danced about the platform hold
ing, above his head a table and shouting at the top
of his lungs. Women were praying and weeping, and
the revivalists were shouting defiance to what they
termed their enemies and the enemies of the Lord."
That is the sort of thing that happens in Boston
when you knock the culture off and appeal to the
native instinct. Boston, in fact, represses herself; too
much. If she would let nature cut her caper in a nat
ural way at all seasons of the year she would not
get, so excited when a Chicago man comes to town.
When Chicago oratory is heard in San Francisco we
deem if rather mild, but in Boston it gives rise to
hysterics. That is the difference between people
who live naturally and those who live in the Bos
tonian manner, and it is to be hoped Boston will
try to get closer to San Francisco and Nature's
heart.
The pleasure of these sunny days" in California is
marred a little bit by reading about the fearful snow
storms in the East and learning what fools some
Americans are who Stay in such a- blizzard-blasted
land when they can come West and frolic.
TOBACCO FOR THE BOYS.
CONGRESSMAN OTEY of Virginia has in
troduced into the House of Representatives
a bill providing ' that the Government
shall issue to the enlisted men of the army and
the. navy a weekly ration of tobacco. Despite the
evident intention of the statesman to make a little
demand for the products of. his district, the bill has
received commendation, wherever it has been noted
at all. It merits all that has been said for it. The
boys, of the army and the navy should have their to
bacco, and. it will not cost the Government much
to give it. to them.
Despite the abuse that is sometimes made of to
bacco, its value to men who have to undergo duties
like those of soldiers and. sailors has been 'too fully
proven by experience to be successfully denied. To
the tired man, or to the hungry man, it brings com
fort and solace. It enables men to bear with patience
the lack of food, the roughness of life on the sea and
in the camp, and the thousand hardships of a sol
dier's and of a sailor's life.
It is the cheapest of all luxuries. It gives more
of enjoyment for its cost than any other thing known
to man. It is- a sort of medicine that ministers to the
mind as well as to. the body. Daniel; Webster has
narrated that once in the. days of his poverty being
in Boston with but three cents in his pocket he gave
one cent for a pipe r.ivd two cents for tobacco, and
puffed, his troubles away in smoke. The great ex
pounder was as wise in that act as ever he was in
In all seriousness tobacco serves so well to tide men
over many of the irritations and troubles that fret the
mind that it is indisputably; a valuable- comforter.
Most of the enlisted men in the army and the navy
use it. A weekly ration of tobacco would therefore
be a most welcome addition to that which the Gov
ernment now gives. The men ought to , have the
weed and they ought to have it of a good quality.
That some people will object goes without saying;
but those who do will not be of the class that fights
Uncle Sam's battles for him on land or sea, and con
sequently their kicking shouldn't count. Congress
man Otey,' in seeking, to benefit his constituents,
seeks also to benefit the defenders of the flag. It is a
pity. his bill could not be given so much of a rush
that it would get .through in time to let the ration
come to the boys as?a New Year's gift.
Those who said Congress" would notdo anybusi
ness before the holidays were not so well posted as
they thought, for- from the very day of organization
it has been attending strictly to' business and has ac
complished, a* good deal of. prime' importance.
'i'l This is the time to. remember that it is the early
shopper that gets the pick of the Christmas novel
ties. „ . ■- .
...■-, ' t . ■ ■ . '■---.' i V
WOMEN OF SOCIETY ATTEND TEA
AT HOME OF MRS. JAMES OTIS
SEVERAL hundred stylishly gowned
women flocked to Mrs. James Otis'
tea at her pretty home yesterday
afternoon between 4 and 6.
Christmas decorations ■ were used
throughout and the effects obtained were
most artistic. Everything was perfectly
appointed.
Mrs. Otis is an Ideal hostess. She was
beautifully attired in a- white silk" gown
with point lace, embroidered with pearls.
The guests . of honor were Mrs. Henry
Page and daughter, Miss Ruby Page o!
Valparaiso, Chile. .
Those who assisted Mrs. Otis In receiv
ing were: Mrs. James Otis Sr., Mrs.
George Page, Mrs. John Milliard, Mrs. I.
Lawrence Pool, Mrs. William Sanforrl
Tevis, Mrs. M. Hall McAllister, Mrs.
Frederick B. Lake, Mrs. Edward L. Eyre,
Mrs. .Norman McLaren, Mrs. J 4 R. K.
Nuttall, Mrs. Charles Otis, Mrs. Perry
Eyre, Mrs. Elliott McAllister, Miss M.
Page, Miss Ethel Lincoln, Misses Kate
and Alice Brigham, Miss Ruth McNutt,
Miss Margaret Salisbury and Miss Cora
Smedberg.
* • •
Mrs. Walter • S. Martin gave an elabor
ate luncheon yesterday at the University
Club in honor of Miss Georgina Hopkins.
Five tables were required to seat the
guests Comfortably. Christmas decora
tions had been choseft, red effects being
carried out as far as possible, altliougb.
violets and other flowers with fotfage were
Introduced for artistic effect.
• Mrs.* Martin's table was decorated with
American. Beauty roses. Polnsettias were
used for Miss Hopkins' table. Meteor
roses adorned the third, carnations the
fourth and red berries the fifth.
Mrs. Eleanor Martin was attired In an
elegant gown of black and -white ..laven
der grenadjne, with lavender trimming.
Mrs. Walter S. Martin wore a charming
white taffeta and guipure lace creation,
the lace insertions being very elaborate:
Among those present were:
Mrs. Walter S. • Martin, Mrs. Ktcanor Mar
tin, Mrs. E. R. Dimond, Mrs. J. R. K. Nuttall.
Mrs. AVlnthrcp Elwyn Lester, Mrs. J. Athearn
Folgtr, Mrs. ~\7. B. Bourn, 'Mrs. Alexander Wil
liamson, Mm Joseph D. Grant, Mrs. Latham
Mcilulleti. Mrs. George Martin. Mrs, Robert
Oxnard. Mrs. Julius Kruttschnitt, Mrs. ■War
ren D. Clark, Mrs. C. Oegood Hooker, Mrs.
Horace Blanchard Chase. Mrs. Babcock, Mrs.
Horace L. Hill, Princess Poniatowski, Mrs.
Horace D. Pillsbury, Mrs. J. B. Crockett, Mrs.
Russell J. -Wilson, Mrs. Mountford 8. Wilson.
Mrs. George A. Pope, Mrs. Lawrence Irving
"Scott, Mrs. Augustus Taylor, Mrs. William
H. Taylor Jr.. Mrs. H. M. A. Miller, Mrs. lieg
inald Knight Smith. Mrs. Henry T. Scott, Mrs.
Seward McNtar, Miss Sophie Pierce, Miss Na
dine Nuttall, Miss Pearl Landers. Miss Linda
Cadwalader, Miss Lucy King, Miss Kittle,
Miss Alice Klein, Miss Whittell, Miss Alice Ha
ger, Miss Daisy Center, Miss Jennie Blair, Miss
Celia'Tobln, Miss Kate Clement. Miss Gcor
gina Hopkins', Miss McNear. Miss Taylor, Miss
Kdith McBean, Miss Genevleve Carolan, Ml3s
Frances Hopkins. Miss Katherine Dillon, Miss
Ruth McNutt and Misa Fannie Loughborough.
Miss l Virginia Rodgers Nokes gave a
pretty and informal tea yesterday after
noon at her home, 2516 Broadway, for
Miss Maude Kane.of New York.
Miss Allen and Miss Frances Allen as
sisted Miss Nokes in receiving the guests,
abcut ninety in number. Red Christmas
berries .were used for decorations in a
most artistic manner.
• Miss Kane is visiting her aunt, Mrs.
George W. Gibbs, at 2622 Jackson street.
Miss Maude Cluff gave a luncheon yes
terday at her home, 2118 Pacific avenue,
complimentary to Miss Gertrude Jack of
San Luis Obispo. The decorations were
red. comprising Christmas berries • and
rcses. The luncheon was a thoroughly
enjoyable one and afforded a delightful
afternoon to the guests.
Those present were: Miss Gertrude
PERSONAL MENTION.
T. J. Newberry. a grocer of Los An
geles, Is at the Palace.
Dr. A. M. Gardner of the Gardner Sani
tarium of Belmont Is at the Lick.
Frank P. Flint, ex-District Attorney of
Los Angeles, is a guest at the Grand.
F. C. Dresner, a prominent attorney of
Sacramento, is staying at the California.
Dr. W. M. Lawlor, superintendent of
the Home for Feeble-minded at Eldridgc,
is at the Grand.
C W./Pendletort. Speaker of the Assem
bly, arrived from Los Angeles yesterday
and Is staying at the Grand.
EL C. Cutting, who made a fortune in
the Tanopali mining district this summer,
came down from Nevada yesterday and is
a guest at the Palace.
Dr. Nat Green Is back from an extend
ed tour of Europe and is spending a few
days at the Grand before resuming his
practice at "Watsonville.
J. D. Wallace, a trainer, who took a
string of running horses to Europe, ar
rived from Portland. Or., yesterday and
i3 staying at the Palace.
Cecil D. Gregg, a wholesale. coffee man
of St. Louis, is at the Palace. He is ac
companied by his Western representative,
E. R. West, whose headquarters are in
Chicago.
Captain Charles T. Hinde of Coronado
and J. B. Alexander of Los. Angeles, who
represent the Sprcckela interests in
Southern California, are guests at thfi
Palace.
Calif ornians in New. York.
NEW YORK, Dec. ■ 19.— The following
Californians are In New York! From San
Francisco— F. A. Long, at the Navarre;
B. A. Brown and F. G. Harriman, at the
St. Denis; E. S. DeWolfe and A. A. Raar
and wife, at the Imperial; M. Hudson and
wife and D. D. P. Smith, at the Grand
Union; H. S. Swan and "wife, at the Al
bert; M. Barmer-and V. Banner, at the
Perk Avenue: J. C. Qarrett, at the Hoff
man; P. I. Hanna and J. S. Hanna, at the
Holland; R. B. Hecht, at the Manhattan;
Mrs. Hyman and Miss A. Hyman, at the
Victoria.
From Los Angeles— N. Cole Jr. and wife,
at the Normandie: A. C. Kennedy, at the
Continental; H. Laughlin Jr., at the Her
ald Square; Mrs. Balch, at the Park Ave
nue; W. D. Matthews and W. H. Work
man, at the Hoffman. _ _
From Santa Barbara— A. B. Thaw, at
the Manhattan; G. O. Sanborn. .at the
Cosmopolitan. ,,,,,.■
From San Jose— Miss May bury, at the
Park Avenue.
Choice candies. Townsend'a Palace Hotel.*
Cal. Gtace Fruit 50c per 1b at Townsend's. •
.Townsend's California glace fruits, 50c a
nound, in tire-etched boxes or Jap. bas
kets A nice present for Eastern friends.
t>&> Market street. Palace . Hotel building.*
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042.
What has become of the theory thabthe
a un is losing its heat? ■ .
' "The Overland ! f-imlted." Via Union Paelfle
R -R.. 1b the only train making connection «n
Chicago with the fast E*prei» Train* leaving
Chicago in the morning for New York. Bv
thia Route you ! can remain In San FrancUow
until 10 a. m.,' reaching Chicago six hour*
quicker than on any other Limited Train. This
train runs Every : - Day In the Year. - D. W.
Hitchcock. Gen.'Agt.. No. 1 Montgomery at..
s.-.f. .;.-. ■. ,'_'
The United" Kingdom. has 850 blast fur
naces, France £70.
HOTEL -DEL. COUON'ADO, choicest ; Wlntet
Resort In, the world, offers best living, climate,'
boating, bathing, i fishing 'and most amuse
ments.'E. S. Uabcock. manager, Coronadi, Cat
Jack, Mrs. Robert Campbell, Mrs. Linda
H. Bryan, Miss Gertrude Campbell, Miss
Rowcna Burns, Miss Perkins, Miss Stella
Fortmann, Miss Florence Denigan and r
Mrs. William Cluff.
Miss Jack is a guest of Mrs. Linda H.
Bryan at 2422 Buchanan street.
Miss Mabel Hogg, daughter of Mr. and
ATTRACTIVE YOUNG WOMAN WHO WILL MAKE HER DEBUT IN S0-
CIETT AT A TEA TO BE GIVEN BY HER MOTHER. MRS. JAMES
HOGG, TO-MORROW AFTERNOON. .
Mrs. James Hogg, will be Introduced to
society at a tea to be given by her moth
er to-morrow afternoon at their home,
2226 Sacramento street, where she makes
her formal debut. Miss Mabel Hogg Is a
great favorite with those who know her
and will be a successful 1901 debutante.
A reception was held last evening ■ at
the Bohemian Club. The annual collec
tion of pictures, most of which are the
work of club members, were on exhibi
tion. Many society women, beautifully
attired, were present. The pictures on
exhibition were criticized and greatly ad
mired.
ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
SENTENCE OF WINTER— C. H. B.,
City. The sentence Imposed on Winter,
who stole the bullion from Selby smelting
vorks, was fifteen years in the peniten
tfaiy at San Quentln.
UNIVERSITY— Subscriber, San Jose,
Cal. There is no State University in the
city cr county of Los Angeles, neither Is
there a preparatory school connected
with the Stanford University at Palo
Alto.
CORTELYOU — Subscriber, San Jose,
Cal. The proper pronunciation of Cor
telyou is as the name Is written—Cor-tel
you; but there are some who, without
any authority for so doing, pronounce It
Cor-tel-oo.
DANTE'S INFERNO— H. T. S., City.
Some very fastidious persons might hold
that Dante's Inferno, illustrated by Gus
tave Dore, is not a proper book to have
In the family library, but the great ma
jority are of the other opinion.
=- ■ I 1
' , EMMA CALVE TELLS THE STORY OF HER
EXPERIMENTS IN THE OCCULT.
SAN FRANCISCO'S FIRST FIRE LASSIE. .
CHRISTMAS AT DICKEY'S.
THE SIGNS IN THE STARS.
(Pick out the date of your birth and read your for-
j ". " tune in next Sunday's Call). !
p^BMMBMBII.1,1.1!, ■ I Hw| {
j THE LITTLE JAP GIRL AND HER DOLL. \
| i SOCIETY LADIES POSE AS MADONNAS.
THE BEAUTY QUEST. I
Article II — How to Cultivate Beautiful Curves. I
THE STORY OF THE SPEDLIN GHOST. j I
20-PAGES HUMAN INTEREST STORIES-20 #
i M*«H I
•The California Woman's Hospital board
of managers performed the annual dona
tion day duties for the benefit of the free
ward yesterday at Goldberg, Bowen &
Co.'s store at 230 Sutter street. Mrs. A.
N. Towne and Mra. C. E. Bancroft were
in* charge during the forenoon and Mrs.
I. Heeht and Mrs. F. A. Robblns gave
their afternoon to the worthy charity./
Many large gifts of provisions went dl-W
rect to the hospital .and money was re- ~
ceived at the store.
There are two more donation days — to
day and to-morrow— and generous contri
butions are expected.
A CHANCE TO SMILE.
She— Do you remember that engagement
ring you gave me before we were mar
ried, George?
He— I ought to; I got another Mil for it
to-day, "j."
"Bridget, I can't find that new rice-boil
er I bought the other day. You ought to
have a place for everything."
"I have, mum. That closet under the
sink Is where I keep everything, mum."—
Chicago Tribune.
"We are going away for two weeks,
"Two weeks! W'y, if ye had aa much
style aa yc pretend to have you'd go away
for two months and give a girl a rest."—
Indianapolis News.
Patience— And he kissed you?
Patrice — Yes; twice, I think. But he'*
not a success at it. He gave me the im
pression that his inexperience in that fli-^J
rection was limited to kissing a girl'*™
photograph.— Yor.kers Statesman.____^^ AJ7EBTISEMENTS. . . ' . -_-
b^^,— _______ ■^■iwgv, ,».__ nuninuniuiaiML— -jww ■■-■ihwiim
Until Christmas the great home furnishing mart of the Pattosien Company, cor.
i6th and Mission Streets, will be open evenings till the early bedtime hour of 10
o'clock. Under this arrangement vast numbers of people unable to get away from
work or business or household duties during the day will ba enabled to take
advantage of the grand bargains now being offered and tii the same tirne to enjoy
an evening of recreation. They will be able to pass an evening of that wholesome
kind of excitement that consists of pleasant and ins'ructive sightseeing. While
leisurely selecting the new carpet or the new brass ted, the new curtains and rugs,
the new sideboard or bookcase, new fable or new chair, the new range for the
kitchen, the new pictures for the parlor, they will a j so have the sprightly enter-
tainment there is in an interesting, many-sided, gorgeously attractive spectacle.
Sparkling over wide acres of floorage, they wiil enjoy the millionfold splendors and
attractions of the largest and most brilliant exposition of modern home furniture
and furnishings ever presented under one great roof. It means an evening of
enjoyment not less than a magnificent economic opportunity' to all.
Open Evenings Till 10 O'GIock Until Christmas
ELEVEN DIFFERENT TEACHERS FOR ONE CLASS
IN JOHN SWETT SCHOOL WITHIN A FEW MONTHS
Investigation Brings Out Startling Facts Regarding the Number of Precep
tors Employed—Pupils Give. Testimony Favorable to Knowlton.
The Knowlton Investigation was contin
ued yesterday morning by the Board of
School Directors and some exceedingly in
teresting, if not sensational, disclosures
were made. The morning session was
confined almost entirely to the testimony
of school children. Knowlton went on the
Ftand later in the day and told his side of
the story. r,?
From the testimony ftf Knowlton's pu
pils the children of the A Eighth grade of
the John Swett Grammar School had so
many teachers they didn't know what to
«lo. Eleven of them within a few months
they counted off-some good, some bad,
some indifferent. These children had a
pood word to say for Knowlton and one
of th^rn even went so far as to circulate
a. petition for his restoration.
The three pupils who testified are Miss
Lillian "White. Miss May Cummings and
John Wright, all bright, quick-witted chil
dren. Miss White told how the class was
la a state cf uncertainty most of the time
on account of the rapid change of teach
ers. Miss S. Hobe. who taught the class
at one lime, told the children that it was
a lisprace to the school. One day when
Miss Hobe left the room May Fitzhenry,
a pupil, arose and read aloud an account
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Fine FUR and
SEALSKIN GARMENTS
Our large stock of FT7R nov-
elties must be reduced before
January 1st.
AD. KOCOUR,
RaUBLE FURRIER,
12! POST STREET,
(Don't Mistake the Number),
ROOMS 7 TO !l.
By Confidence in the sreat curative
B ouallUe* of RADAM'S MICROB!
II KILLER 1« widespread In the United
El states because IT CURES. It de-
ll stroys the germts of RHEUMATISM,
li Neuralgia-. Catarrh, Bronchitis, Ma-
il laria and pulmonary troubles. \\'ha».
I it has dene for thousands of others
|| it will do for you. $1 a bottle. $"{
B a lug;. Delivered free In city. Open
If evenings. RADAM'S MICROBE
II KILLER CO.. J47O Market Pt.
M Phone Mint H55. Agencies— Los An-
il gc-le«, Portland. Seattle.
T b * "Dr. fj-J; >fc A 1 d e n Electric
Belt" (with jS&wJ b u s p e n sory) li
pun ran teed "/t7ty v to possess all the
curative properties of the expensive belts
now eold by doctors and dniKsiets. It gives
a very strong current of electricity and is
easily regulated. Bound to supersede
others Can be had from the undersigned
only NO AGENTS; NO DISCOUNT. Cir-
cular free. Call or address PIERCE ELEC-
TRIC CO. £00 Pout 6t.. San Francisco, or
1145 Broadway. Kew York.
DTirTOLJCC FOR BARBERS, BAK-
FjtiLj l5}~1 lu& ers bootblacks, bath-
UUUWiiUM houses, billiard tables,
trev/ers. bockblnders. ca ndy-makers^ canners.
ocrf, nourmiile. foundries, laundries. Paper-
harpers, printers, painters, shoe factories,
rtablemen, tar-roofere, tannere. tailors, etc.
BUCHANAN BROS.,
Crush Manufacturers. 603 Sacramento St
Ga n M ■ iBTQk Ammunition. Pletola. Cut-
I SGB P lery, Carvin* Sets, Football.
fi BE&H Baseball, Athletic and Out-
E E E W « Ik ins Goods for Holiday Trade.
«Jf 9 W %M Scr" 1 for Catalopue.
■ « SHREVE * BARBE* CO..
739 Karket 6t «.nd £11 Es»rny El
of the charges brought against Professor
Knowltop. "I don't think the class was
to blame: we had so many teachers," said
Miss White. Miss Hobe knew that a pe
tition was being circulated for the resto
ration of Knowlton, but she told the chil
dren It wouldn't do any good.
May Cummings was the star witness of
the day. As her testimony went along she
grew more and more pugnacious and told
the School Board some pretty plain facts.
To her mind Knowlton was by far the
best teacher of that merry chain of peda
gogues that had to deal with the A Eighth
grade of the John Swett School. Miss
Cumrnings said Miss Hobe was : a most
unsympathetic teacher and that she her
self got up the petition at the instigation
of her father.
Casserly Becomes Wrathful.
Attorney McPike went into detail in re
gard to special teachers and provoked the
wrath of Director Jack Casserly. McPike
said to the witness:
"How many tramp teachers did you
have?"
"Tramp teachers!" said Casserly, full of
indignation. "We know of no tramp
teachers, fiir."
"Well, Itinerant teachers, then," replied
McPike.
"Ah, that's very much better," said Cas
serly. and the investigation continued.
John Wright was the last school wit
ness. His testimony was cumulative, but
he added that Knowlton would tell stor
ies connected with their lessons. Johnny
thought Knowlton was the "properest"
teacher in the world. Out in the big meet
ing-room were. waiting several groups of
children ready to testify in the fame
spirit, but the board dispensed with their
calling.
W. J. Martin, an old scholar of Knowl
ton. and Alfred Roncovieri were put on
the stand to voice a few good words for
their teacher of many years ago. McPike
had Judge Slops, Albert Scott. Assessor
Dodge and John French on his list, but
the board was satisfied to take it as a
fact that Knowlton was good In the far
away past.
Kno-wlton in His Own Behalf.
Knowlton was put on the stand at the
afternoon session and testined as to the
time when he was reassigned to the vice
principalship of the John Swett School.
He Balri that he did not notice any dete
rioration in the order of his scholars after
he had assumed charge. Principal Lyser
had never spoken to him about his meth-
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Thursday, December 19.
Ptmr Point Arena, Hansen, 15 hours from
Mehdocino.
Stmr Corona. Gielow, 54 hours from New
port and way ports.
Stmr Aberdeen, HlBsrins, 38 hours from Re
dondo.
8tmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, 40 hours from
San Diero.
• Stmr Arcata,. jCelson, B2 hours from Coos
Bay, via Port Orford 45 hours.
Stmr Gipsy, Iceland, 24 hours from Monterey
and wey jxjrts.
Chll stmr Tucanel. Moffett, 37 days from
Valparaiso, via Ma2atlan 4% daye.
Br stmr Strath«ryle, Gordon. 4f> days from
Hongkong, via Kobe 38 days, via Yokohama 35
days, via Hakodate 29 days, via San Diego 2
days. . ■
Ship C F Barsrant, Melville, 31 days from
Seattle, via Esquimau 7 days. !
Barge Santa Paula, McGovern, 5 days from
Ventura, in tow tug Rescue; up river direct.
Sohr Jennie Griffln, Campbell, 5 hours from
Point Reyes.
Schr Conflanza, OUen, 2 days from Bowens
Landing.
CLEARED.
Thursday, December 19.
Stmr Peru, Pillsbury, Hongkong and Yoko
hama, via Honolulu; Paciac Mail SS Co.
Stmr North Fork, Fosen, Eureka; The Chas
Nel.son Co.
• Br shi;> Afon Alaw, Thomas, Queenstown;
Eppinser & Co.
Schr Genera! Banning, Bennewltz. Mazat
lan; Wra Olsen.
BAILED.
■ Thursday, December 19.
Stmr Geo Loomls. Brldgrett, Redondo.
Slmr Alcazar, Martin, .
Stmr Luella, Madsan, Bowens Landing.
Stmr Geo \V Elder, Randall, Astoria. ,
Stmr Peru. Pillsbury. Hongkonsr, etc.
Stmr Greenwood, l'iperlund. Greenwood.
Stmr Aberdeen, HI^bIus, Eureka.
Stmr Edith, Ha!!, Seattle. ',
Stmr Bonlta, Nopander, Moss Landing.
Stmr Ncwburff, Petersen. Grays Harbor.
Stmr Iaqua, Gunderson, Eureka.
Tug Tyee, Bollet, Port Townsend.
Bsrk AnniG Johnson, Williams. Hilo.
Bark Martha Davis, McAImon. Hilo.
Whaling bark Gayhead, Fisher, whaling.
Fr bark Edouard Detallle, Lucas, Queens
towa.
Bktn Tronic Bird, Jackson, Papeete. .
Schr Sacramento, Grucircl, Siuslaw River.
Schr Western Home. Lembke. Coos Bay.
Schr Lily. Larsen. Umjxjua River. -.
Fchr Bertha Dolbeer. Scheel. Eureka.
Br schr Alexander, £ahn. Fort Bragg.
MEMORANDUM.
Per ship C F Sargent, from Seattle. Dec 19 —
Sailed Ncv IS: anchored at Clallam Bay Nov
25; sailed from Clallam Nov 25 and put Int.)
Esquimau Nov 26 on account of vessel spring
ing a leak; repaired and called again Dec 13.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, Dec 10, 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind NE, velocity 8 miles. •
DOMESTIC PORTS.
TACOMA — Arrived Dec 19 — Scbr Ruth E
Godfrey, hence Dec C; schr Philippine, from
San Pedro.
Sailed Dec 19 — Stmr Asuncion, for San Fran
cisco; stmr Aztec, for San Francisco. ..
Arrived Dsc 19 — Stmr City of Puebla, from
Seattle; Br ship Glenerlcht, from Valparaiso,
via San Franciaco.
PORT. TOWNSEND — Passed In Dec 19 — Br
stmr Willowdene, from Ban Diego
Passed in'toec 19 — Jap 8tmr Tosa Maru, from
Yokohama, for Seattle.
BOWENS LANDING — Arrived Dec 19— Stmr
Luella, hence Dec 18.
POINT REYES — Passed Dec 19. at 4:45 p m
— Stmr Arcata, from Cooa Bay. for San Fran-
SEATTLE— Sailed Dec IS— Stmr City of Se
attle, for Skagway. Dec 19 — Ship Eclipse, for
San Francisco. .
Sailed Dec 19 — Stmr Hyades, for San Fran
cisco. . • • .
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, DEC EMBER 20, 1901.
od of teaching, but had cautioned him no*
to tell too many stories in connection
with his teaching. At the time that the
accident occurred in which a boy broko
his arm Knowlton said he was not in
charge of the yard, and had never been
given specific orders by Principal L>yser
to take such charge. It was only after
vacation that Knowlton was assigned to
perform the duties of the vice principal
ship.
Then McPike took Knowlton over the
field of education. Lyser and the accused
St^?., 3 - J- llt one day over report cards.
W hile distributing the cards to the pupils,
as was his custom, Lyser censured
Knowlton before the class because certain
pupils had been marked above 90 per cent
something which Lyser did not think was
possible.
Knowlton afterward told of his career
as a teacher. He said he was at the head
of 101 teachers' institutes and had prob
ably taught 25,000 pupils, many of whom
had become more or less famous.
The investigation adjourned late in the
afternoon. It will be continued Saturday
afternoon.
Roanoke Rye; Honey und Horehound.
Its quality tells the story. •
DEFECTIVE ELECTRIC
WIRE CAUSES A FIRE
Sterling Furniture Company Has
Narrow Escape From Big" Con
flagration.
A fire broke out yesterday afternoon In
the show windows of the Sterling Furni
ture Company at 1015 Market street. For
a «short time there was danger that | the
flames would get beyond control, but on
the arrival of the Fire Department the
blaze was qqickly extinguished.
A defective electric light wire is sup
posed to have caused the blaze. The fire
occurred late in the afternoon, at a time
when the streets are crowded. A vast
throng soon congregated, but were kept
well in hand by the police squad under
command of Sergeant Shaw.
The Yosemite House was also slightly
damaged by fire, smoke and water but
the loss will bo nominal. Charles M Colo
of the Sterling Furniture Company said
laet night that he thought that $2000 would
cover the lors to the furniture house
Arrived Dec 19— JaD stmr Tosa Maru, from
Yokohama.
GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed Dec 10— Stmr Se
quoia, for San Francisco.
f rt C ? 0S TP BAy 7- Safled Dpc 18-Schr Webfoot.
for I'a'n pldro 3 '*" DCC 1J) — Sehr Emma UUer!
PORTLAND— Sailed Dec 10— Stmr" Chlco
town Franclsco; bark Olivia, for Queens-
Arrived Dec 19— Shb Ilala, from Port Na
tal; stmr Pembrokeshire, from Nagasaki
L!vfi?S?. IA ~~ AlTlVed De ° 1D -» ark Pax. from
Arrived Dec 18— Stmr Alliance. frOm Coos
Ba^ : B ifi 8t T Argy "' from Shanghai. Dec l'S
-Br shin Anaurus, from Callao
c^co" e<1 DCC 19 ~ Stmr Co'iimbla, for San Fran .
Arrived Dec 19— Ger bark Secntern. from
Havre baFk La Rochefau cauW. from
te^^r^^nn^co!^ DeC 1? - 8chr *£
g£tf. R ?a7r A h r a r ven d D6C 10 - StMr Roberl
ciJco led DeC ls ~ Stmr Ruth, for San Fran-
Batled Dee 19— Stmr Fafcadena. for Eureka
SAN DIEGO- tailed Dec 19- Stmr Samoa;
for tan Francisco. vv""";'
NEAH BA.Y — Parsed out Dec 10 Stmr
Mineola. from Nanaimo, for Port Los Angeles
FORT BRAGG— Arrived Dec 10— Stmr Na
tional City, hence Dec 18. ""- ■
cl failed Dec 19— Stmr. Noyo, for San Fran
henci n De^ A l7 ArrlVCd DeC 1Q ~ stmr Homer.
Arrived Ded 10— Stmr Pomona, hence Dec 18
Dec ID— Stmr Newsboy, for San f?an
hcfl N D^l I 7! 0 ~ ArrlVed DCC 19 - Stmr Celia '
fro ? m I Takt: GAilBLE ~ ArrlVed ~ Schr Okan °S*n.
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived Dee 19—
Stmr State of California, from San Francisco
and sailed later for San Diego *™ncisco,
BANDON— Arrived Dec 10— Stmr Mandalay
hence Dec li. "
FOREIGN PORTS.
, LONDON— Arrived Dec 18— Br «tmr Glen
lochy, hence Se^t 22. »"«ir «ien-
VLADIVOSTOK— Arrived Dec IS— Br stmr
Queen Adelaide, from Seattle
HONGKONG— Arrived nrlor to Dec 18— Br
stmr IndraveHI, from Oreson; stmr OlymTJla
from facc-ma. '
BERMUDA — Arrived Dec IS — U g «tmr M^
Clellan, from Manila, for New York
Sailed Dec 19— Br bark Northern
Monarch, for Tacoma. ™
PORT ELIZABETH-Arrived Dec 16-Schr
Honolulu, from Port Gamble. •
PeS^o^n-F^ncIsc^ 0 17 - Stmr Clt^ ?
fo?^ A n Y^?7^ a o! ed DCC 18 - Stmr Cu ~~°-
VALPARAISO— Arrived Dec 10— Bktn Cha3
F Crocker, from Tacoma,
■FUSAN— Arrived Dec 19— Br ship Troop
from New York.. . r .,..;-..
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Sailed Dec 19— Stmr La Bre
ta;rne, for Havre.
Arrived Dec 19— stmr Barbarossa, from
Bremen and Cherbourg. l
Arrived Dec 19— Stmr Laurentian, from
Glasjrow and - Moville. • ■ •' '
LIZARD — Passed Dec 19— Stmr L'Aauitaine
from New York, for Havre. wmaine,
SCILLY — Passed Dec 19 — Stmr Kaiser WII
helm der Grcs3er, from New York, for Bremen
GIBRALTAR— Passed Dec 19— Stmr ChlnK
Wo, from Liverpool, for Yokohama and Se
attle. , •
LIVERPOOL — Arrived Dec 18 — Stmr Waes
land, from Philadelphia. ••-.-..
Sailed Den IS— Stmr Belftenland. for Phlla-
HAMEURG— Arrived Deo 19— Stmr Hyson,
from Tacoma, via Hioeo, etc.
LONDON— Sailed Dec 19— Stmr Menomlnee.
for New York. - ,
QUEENSTOWN — Sailed Dec 19— Stmr Ma
jestic, from Liverpool, for New York.
MANY STEAMSHIPS ARE KEPT BUSY
BY TRADE OF SOUTHERN COUNTRIES
South American Liner Tucapel Arrives via All Central American and Mexican
| Ports— Russian Barkentine Bering Flies All Her Bunting in Honor of
St. Nicholas Day— Weil-Known Tailor Seriously Injured on the Sonoma
RUSSIAN BARKENTINE BERING DECKED IN HONOR OF ST. NICHOLAS. SHE CAME FROM SIBERIA LAST
WEEK AND HER CAPTAIN, AS SOON AS HE MADE PORT, VOWED HE WOULD FLY THE FLAGS IN
HONOR OF THE CZAR AND THE DAY. .
AMERICAN steamship3
/[^ are coming and going those days.
(I * "What with the 4 Kosmos l'ners and
the steamships of the Companla
Sud Americano de Vapores, the
Pacific Steam Navigation Company, the
Pacific Coast Steamship Company and,
last but not least, the Pacific Mail Steam
ship Company, the competition is sharp
and keen. Rarely does a day pass that
a steamship does not arrive from South
and Central American ports, and the con
test between' the rival companies grows
daily.
Yesterday the Compania Sud Americana
de Vapores' Tucapel arrived from South
American ports, while the Pacific Mail
Company's Peru sailed for the Orient. The
vessels saluted each Other as they passed
in the bay, but the Peru seemed to have
,the best of it, as she was loaded down
with cargo, while the Tucapel was light.
SAN BLAS' PASSENGERS SAFE.
Captain Cattarinich and^ Charges on
Way to Panama.
A dispatch received yesterday from Co-
Ion, Colombia, says the San Bias, which
ran ashore qn the coast of Salvador, was
wrecked at the same spot where the Pa
cific Mall steamer Nicaragua was lost De
cember 30, 1S91. A" German steamer be
longing to the Cosmos line was afterward
wrecked at the same point. ,
Among the San Bias' passengers were
forty-four Chinamen bound for the isth
mus. Captain Cattarinich and the ship's
passengers, who were all' saved, have not
yet reached Panama.
'Nearly all of the crew of the wrecked
steamship will return to San Francisco on
the Mail Company's Newport.
PASSENGER TRAFFIC.
Arrivals and Departures on Tucapel
and Peru.
The cabin passengers who went away
in the Peru were:
For Honolulu — Miss A. D. Alexander. Mrs.
E L. Clark, O. St. John-Gilbert, E. M. Grif
fith. Mrs. Robert Haight, Mrs. T. x\. Jones,
H T Marsh, Henry Morgan, W. W. Rlcker,
J. R Schroeder, Miss R. Thayer and Mrs. C.
T. AValker.
Yokohama— T. B. Hohler. E. R. Kellogg, K.
Kttojima. John Rogers, H. T. Sinclair, Mrs.
H. T. Sinclair and Miss Sinclair.
Shanghai — H. Fouquer, Rev. D. N. Lyon,
Mrs. D. N. Lyon and GeorRe.Martlny.
Hongkong — G. Kroebel, Mrs. G. KrOebel. A.
B. Ross-Soden; O. Ross-Soden, II. Ross-Soden,
J. L. Roes-Soden, Mrs. I. M. Ross-Soden, W.
L. Sears and Rev. J. E. SnoOk.
Those who went away on the Tucapel
were:
Salaverry, Robert P. Martin; Guayaquil,
Santos E. Santos; Panama, John E. Rail and
Frank. Mullaly; San Bias, Frederick Stetcher.
William C. Reynolds, Frank Hall and Emilia
Lastreto; Mazatlan, Frederick G. Brave and
Mare Kava. , ..
On the Tucapel many boxes of oranges
were seized by Quartermaster Officer
Crow. They were all infected with the
Mexican maggot.
St. Nicholas Is Honored.
The barkentine Bering was gayly
decked with flags yesterday. She flies the
Russian ensign, and in honor of St. Nich
olas day the captain dressed his ship. If
looked odd among the mass of shipping
to see one solitary vessel with a'l her
flags flying, but when it came to -• be
known that not only was St. Nicholas the
patron saint of Russia but that Nicholas
was also the Czar and "the best beloved
monarch that ever ruled over all the Rus
slas the secret was easy to explain.
The Bering brought a very valuable car
go of furs from Siberia, and after dis
charging will Bail again for Vladivostok.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
Matters of Interest to Mariners an'l
Shipping Merchants.
The British ship Formosa will lead wheat at
Portland for Europe, 37s Od, rechartered prior
to arrival.
The British ship Burdowie Is also chartered
for wheat at Portland for Europe, 35s, prior
to arrival.
Wheat Shipment.
The British ship Afon Alaw vet cleared yes
terday for Queenstown for orders, .with 71,220
ctls wheat, valued at 573,115, and 20,000 feet
of lumber as dunnage, valued at $300.
A Cargo for Mexico.
The schooner General Banning was cleared
yesterday for Mazatlan with cargo as noted
below, valued at ?9C90, to be landed at Mazat
lan and San Bla3: 800 cb blasting powder. 2
cs blasting caps, 1 cs bottled beer, 5 pkgs
drugs, 230 gals .wine. 1681 bdls Ehooks. Vo.TTO
ft lumber. , ...
The Peru's Cargo.
The steamer Peru sailed yesterday, for China
and Japan with a general ■ cargo, valued at
$2OS,2&>, manifested and destined as follows:
For China, $123,644; Japan, $54,716; Manila,
$2li,675; East Indies, $2577; Korea. $288; Vlad
ivostok, $370. The principal • shipments were
as follows: .
To China — 7700 bbU flour, 6775 lb? cheese,
(5610 lba dried fish, 3 cr» bicycles and sundries,
21 pkgs shoes, :!24 cs assorted canned goods,
7815 lbs Coffee. 500 Ib3 codfish. 730 bales cotton
domestics, 055 lbs dried \ fruit, 3 cs drugs, 44
pkgs electrical supplies, 10 pkgB fresh fruit,
S70 pkga. groceries and provisions 0407 lbs
ginseng. 3300 lbs ham and bacon, 7 bdls leather,
1 10 cs liquors, ."1900 lbs mlllstuffs, 1 pkg ma
chinery, 4 ors onions. 8700 lbs pearl barley, S
cs rubber goods, 12 bxs raisins, ■ 85 cs canned
salmon, C730 lbs Bhrlmps. , .
To Japan — 7290 lbs bfead, 40 crs bicycles and
sundries, 6 cs shoes,: 400 bales cotton," 288 > lbs
chocolate, 553 cs assorted canned goods. 21 pkgs
drugs. 4 pkgs felectrlcal supplies,' 510 bbls flour,
25 pkga fresh f rutt, 245 pkgs groceries and pro
visions.- 1C5 lbs ginseng' root,: 202 lbn hops, * 123
bdls leather. 2104 pigs lead. 21 pkK3 machinery,
40,020 lbs' rosin. 1100 lbs raisins, 7 pkgs rubber
goods, G cs soap, 112,000 lbs soda ash, 48,o_.»
lbs tanbark. 70 bbls tanning extract. 21 cs
2114 gals wine. ,,,
To Manila— 2261 lbs 10 cs ham and bacon, 10,
000 lbs codfish. 4 pkgs dry goods, 5C0 lbs oleo
margarine. Jio7 pkps groceries and provisions,
20 era bicycles and sundries, 41 bdls leathtr,
2.172 lbs cheese, 524 cs canned goods. 1200 Ib3
coffee, 40 pkgs machinery, 1000 crs potatoes, 12
pkgs plumbing material, 100 cs canned salmon.
To East Indies — 205 cs assorted canned goods.
108 cs canned salmon, 735 gals wine, 6375 lbs
hops.
To Korea— 50 bbls flour, 35 pkgs groceries
and provisions.
Steamer Movements.
TO ARRIVE.
Etenmer. From. I Due-
Kmplre...... Coos Bay Dec. 20
Sequoia ' Grays Harbor Dec. 20
Arcata Coos Bay & Pt. Orford. Dec. 20
Kival Willapa Harbor Dec. 20
Procreso Seattle Dec. 21
Columbia.... Portland & Astoria Dec. 21
Santa Barb.. San Pedro Dec.' 21
W. Krugrer... San Pedro Dec. 21.
Pomona Kumboldt Dec. 21
Chas. Neleon. Seattle Dec. 21
State of Cai.. San Diego & Way Ports Dec. 22
Asuncion Tacoma Dec. 22
Hyades Seattle Dee. 22
Coronado.... Grays Harbor Dec. 22
Crescent City Crescent City Dec. 20
Eureka Humboklt Dec. 2'i
City of Puebl Piieet Sound Ports..... Dec. 23
Pleiades Seattle Dec. 2.{
Ahfance Portland & Coos Bay.. Dec. 25
f-^nta Ana... Seattle & Tacoma Dee. 25
It?lnlcr Seattle & N. Whatcom. Dec. 25
Nlcarta HatnburK ft Way Ports. Dec. 25
Herodot.. Hamburg & Way Ports. Dec. 5.6
North Pork.. Humboldt Dec. 2ti
O. "\V. Elder.. Portland & Astoria Dec. 20
Santa Tto«a.. San Diego & Way Pts. Dec. 2fi
Corona Newport & Way Ports. Dec. 2<!
Point Arena. Point Arena Dec. 20
Curacao Mexican Ports .....; Dec. 27
Au?trftlla.... Tahiti Dee. 27
Am*r. ifaru.. China & Japan !Dec. 27
G. Dollar Grays Harbor ..IDec.27
Mandalay Coquille River |Dec. 27
' . » ■ TO SAIL.
Steamer. Destination. Sails. Piei.
December — O.
Newburg... Grays Harbor 5 pm Pier 2
Czarina ... Seattle & Tacoma... 3 pm Pier 8
J. Kirr.ball. Seattle & Tacoma... 10am Pier •!
Eureka.... Humboldt 9 am Pier 13
North Fork Humboldt 0 am Pier 2
December 21. ,. .•
Arcata Coos Bay & Pt. Orf'd 12 m Pier 13
W. Kruget. Tillamook Bay 5 pm Pier 13
Corona Newport & Way.... 9 am Pier 11
Point Arena Point Arena 2 pm Pier 2
December 22.
Empire Coos Bay 9 am Pier 13
Santa Rosa San Diego & Way.. 9am Pier 11
Umatilla... Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier a
December li',1.
Rival Willapa Harbor 3 pm Pier 2
Pomona Humboldt 1 :30 p Pier »
I>elRn«w. . N. Y. via Panama.. 2 pm Pier 10
Tucapel.... Valparaiso & Way.. 12 m Pier 10
■ December 24.
Columbia.. Astoria ft Portland.. 11 am Pier2l
December 25.
State of Cal San Diego & Way.. OamPlerll
December 20.
Sequoia . Grays Harbor R pm Pier 2
Sonoma.... Sydney & Way Pts. 10 am Pier 7
December 27.
City Puebla Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
December 2.S. . ,.
Alliance Portland & Way Pts Pier 10
San Juan.. Panama & Way Pts. 12 m PMSS
Coptic . . China & Japan lpm PMSS
December 20.
Santa Ana. Seattle & Tacoma... 10 am Pier 2
O. Elder... Astoria & Portland. 11 ami Pier 24
FROM SEATTLE.
Steamer.- For. SatU. .
City of Topek Skagway A; Way Ports. Dec. 21
Dlrlgo Skagway & Way Port3. Dec. 22
fbtcrlnior Cooks Inlet *• Way Pts. Dec. VB
Dolphin.' Skagway & Way Ports. Dec. 24
City Seattle.. Skagway & AVay Ports. Dec. 30
Cottage City. Skaguay & AVay Ports. Dec. 31
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point,- entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE — The high and 16w waters occur f.t
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minute? later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide Is the came. at both places.
'.r FRIDAY. DECEMBER 20.
Sun rises 7:21
Sun sets, 4:51
Moon seta 1:37 a. m.
C Time Time . iTlme ITime '
p Ft. Ft. I Ft. 1 Ft.
S L W . H W L W |H W
20 0:28 5.8 1:18 0.C| 7:55 4.0! 7777
21 0:41.. 2.1 7:15 «.0| '2:U — 0.11 0 07 4.1
22 1:40 2.4 8:02 fi.3l :i:07 — 0.7110:10 4.5
23 2:35 2.6 8:RO 6.614:00 — 1.111:02 4.7
24 3:2S 2.7 O:4O «.7| 4:4C — 1.4 ll-.Sli 4.8
25 | 4:lf>l 2.7|10:.n5| C.7| 5:321— 1.4| f.....
.IH W IL W| |H Wl |L AVI
20 1 0:11 S.0| 5:111 2.8|U:21| 6.5) C:18|— 1.3
NOTE — In the above exposition of the tides
the parly morninS tides are given In th» ;«>rt
ADVERTISEMENTS.
..••■ • ■
Ceivfcemeri
' ■ ■ V
da.mxy sewcKets
i will be honored in
ov«r l«so atorc^irx
tKo United St&ics
Siiles room; 200 postst
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day. except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are in
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey charts, except when a minus ( — )
sign precedes the height, and then the number
givsn is subtracted from the depth given by the
charts. The plane of reference is the mean of
the lower low waters.
Time Ball.
Branch Hydro-graphic Office, U. S. N.. Mer»
chant3' Exchange. San Francisco. Cal.,
December 19, 1901.
The Time Ball on the tower of the Ferry
byildlns was dropped exactly at noon to-day,
1. e.. at noon of the 120th meridian, or at* a
p, m., Greenwich mean time.
\7. H. STANDLET.
Lieutenant U. S. I^tvy. In Charge.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
C O
At Cut Rates.
We have a large as-
sortment for selection
Albvms from $150
Perlume Atomizers from ...... .25c
Ladies' Pocket Books from 25c
Pcrlvmcs in fancy boxes from . . 25c
Celluloid Toilet Sets from. $2.00
Ebony Toilet Ssts from. .... .$£50
Roger & Gallet's Perfumes from. 75c
Collar and Cuff Boxes from 75c
Necktie Boxes from 75c
Opera Glasszs snd Optical Goods.
Eyes tested free by an Expert Optician.
k y^949-m MflRfifer^I
SPECIAL SALE I
UPHOLSTERED
FUBNITUBE.
On Upholstered Parlor Suits',
Odd Chairs, Sofas, Rockers, etc.
Chas. M. Plum & Go,,
1301-1307 Market Street.
AaiTJSEMaNTS.
CENTRAL PARK,
Market Street, near Eighth.
GAMES Af~2:3O P. M-
EVERT THURSDAY. SATURDAY AND SXJN-
DAY.
MORE EXCITING THAN BULL FIGHTING;.
THE. GREATEST GAME OF THE AGE.
ADMISSION 25c AND 60c
BASEBALL.
SAN FRANCISCO
vs; .
NATIONAL L&AGUE STARS.
TO-DAY AND SATURDAY AT 2:45.
SUNDAY A T 2;3O.
RECREATION f*ARK,,
, Eighth and Harrison Streets. m.
- AMUSEMENTS.
FAREWELL TO~THESE STARS:
Tffr. and Mrs. Gardner Crane, Mr. and
'Mrs. "Walter E- Deaves' Merry
Manikins, Hose and Jeannette,
Norwood Brothers, Sherrle Mat-
thews, Nonna Whalley, Sam Mar-
ion and William McCart, Flo Irwr«
and Walter Hawley, Ihunond's
Parisian Minstrels, The Biograpiu
Roserved seats, 23c; balcony. 10c; box seatj
and opera chairs. 60c. ..<.•.
Beelnnlng SUNDAY MATINEE.
THE GREAT
ORPHEDM ROAD SHOW I
Special Matinee Thursday. Dec. 26.
BE Z AS CO amo THALE&jfajtfQ^,
1 aeaseariua
TO-NIGHT — ALL THIS 'WEEK.
MATINEES TO-MORROW AND STTNDAY.
HERE'S WHERE YOU LAUGH.
The Funniest Farce on Earth.
MULDOON'S
PICNIC.
Songs Medleys, Dances. Eccentric Act* and
All Kinds of Wholesome Amusement
DDTPPC Evenings ...10c to 50o
rKlLfcb Matinees 10c. 15c. 25o
Next Week— "SILVER KING."
LAST 3 NIGHTS— MATINEE SAT.
JEFFERSON DE ANGELIS,
In the Enormously Successful Oneratlc Novelty.
A ROYAL ROGUE.
By Chaa. Klein and Wm. T. Francis.
SEAT SALE NOW IN PROGRESS FOR
MARY MANNERING
— in—- i ."'■:."■■'•
JANICE MEREDITH.
Openinx Performance NEXT MONDAY".
Prices— $1 BO. $1. 75c. BOc. 25c.
MATINEES TO-MORROW AND SUNDAY.
LAST THREE NIGHTS OS"
MINNIE SELIGMAN
America's Greatest Emotional Actress,
In Vlctorlen Sardou's Powerful Play.
"DIPLOMACY."
POPULAR PRICES 10c, 13c. 25c, 50c, T3o
Good Orchestra Seats All Matinees, 23c.
Next "Week— MINNIE SELIGMAN In a
Magnificent Scenic Production of
HAT RE ?AV
Belasco & Thall. Managers.
A "WINNER ALL THIS WEEK.
The Sparkling Farce-Comed7,
"THE GAY MR.
LIGHTFOOT."
First Time in This City.
Seats on sale six days in advance.
Matinees Saturday and Sunday.
PRICES— 15c, 25c. 25c, 60o and 73c
NEXT — Christmas Week. Don't Do Anything
Till Tou See
"CHARLEY'S AUDIT."
LAST TIMES— TO-NIGHT.
MATINEE TO-MORROW AND TO-MORROW
EVENING.
THOMAS JEFFERSON
Presenting on a Grand Scale ' >.'-';
RIP VANJIIIKLE.
SUNDAY NIGHT—
(Christmas Greetings),
Chas. H. Tale's Everlasting
DEVIL'S AUCTION
Matinees Christmas Day and Saturday.
, SEATS READY.
Evenings at 8 Sharp.
MATINEE SATURDAY. CHRISTMAS AND
NEW YEAR DAYS at 2 Sharp!
"A GORGEOUS HOLIDAY SHOW."
Ferris Hartman's Merry Extravaganza,
Little Red
Riding Hood
"It's Funny— It's Smart— It's Pretty."
POPULAR PRICES— 25c. 60c and 73c.
Telephone Bush O.
gg^ RACING
NEW CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB
OAKLAND RACETRACK.
Races start at 2:15 p. m. sharp.
Ferry-boats leave San Francisco at 12 m. and
12:30. 1. 1:30, 2. 2:30 and 3 p. m., connecting
with trains stopping at the entrance to the
track. Last two cars on train reserved for
ladles and their escorts; no smoking. Buy your
ferry tickets to Shell Mound. All trains vU
Oakland mole connect with San Pablo avenua
electric cars at Seventh and Broadway. Oak-*
land. Also all trains via Alameda mole con-
nect with San Pablo avenue cars at Four-
teenth and Broadway, Oakland. These electrio
cars go direct to the track in fifteen minutes.
Returning — Trains leave the track at 4:15 and
4:45 p. m. and immediately after the last race.
< THOMAS H. "WILLIAMS JR.. President.
CHAS. F. PRICE. Secy, and Mgr.
CHUTES ANDZOO 1 S7« j SSr
BIG VAUDEVILLE BILL.
TO-MORROW NIGHT. ■
. GRAND PRIZE CAKEWALK.
COMMENCING SUNDAY.
DEAVES' MERRY MANIKINS.
TeleDhcne for'Seats. Park 23.
FTCpIIC'R'C CONCERT HOUSE.
rlOt'IlEn D Admission Inc.
MME. CHARITY MARTIN; G. S. Wanrell;
Mullaly Sisters; Paloma Quartette; Stanley
and Walton: Demin* and Carroll: Ivan Tre-
Poka. and Hinrichs' Orchestra. Reserved Seats.
25c. Matinee Sunday.
PALACE and
GRAND HOTELS, ;;;
On one side of these magnificent
hotels is the wholesale and manu-
facturers' district — on the other re-
tail stores, clubs, railroad and
newspaper offices, banks and th*-
at-ers. Street cars to all parts of
the city— depots, ferries and park.*—
pass the entrance.
Azserlcan and European plan*.
78
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Shipment of $495,103 to China.
Domestic and Sterling Exchange and Silver all higher.
Wheat and Barley quiet at about previous prices. :
Oats strong, Rye steady and Corn dull.
Flaxsccd weak under free arrivals from the north.
Dried Peas lower and dull. Beans inactive and unchanged.
No further advance in Butter or Eggs. Cheese plentiful.
Dried Fruits firm at unchanged quotations^
Hides quoted quieter and easier.
Beef, Mutton and Pork very firm.
Oranges and Lemons in liberal supply. Limes higher.
Poultry and Game continue steady.
Potatoes reported frozen along the river. Onions weak.
Local stocks and bonds still dull.
Money and the Crops.
'A well-known New York authority says of
the money markets and crops:
"An important feature which Is not eatis
factory is the occasional declines in exports,
uhich we have repeatedly referred to. The
decline in exprits of manufactures is especially
regrettable, and seems likely to continue; for
Europe is not in a condition to buy anything
with freedom except food products which short
crops abroad compel her to purchase. Inter
national trade relations are anything but sat
isfactory at the moment, the constant threats
of tariff wars and retaliation being simply an
expression of economic stress. This is the
cark side of the picture contrasted with our
own extraordinary prosperity, which still con
tinues with wonderful momentum, but which
has been too rapidly discounted In the stock
market.
"The monetary situation at the moment Is
unfavorable, high rates seeming probable until
after preparations for January disbursements,
which will be exceedingly heavy. Babk re
serves are at a very low ebb and some sharp
contraction of loans will be necessary to main
tain the surplus above legal requirements. Gold
exports at this time are unusual and of course
exert an unfavorable effect, being additional
proof of the changes going on in our interna
tional trade and financial relations. As large
6ums have been withdrawn for underwriting
purposes the only relief that can come to the
New York market Is through forced liquida
tion and the return of funds from the interior,
*-here" money has been relatively cheaper and
more abundant than here.
"The effect of the corn crop damage will
eoon be more visibly felt in various ways. Al
ready there has been an important decrease in
corn receipts at Western primary markets, and
the exports of corn during the eleven months
of the current year have been only 99,600,000
bushels against 167,900.000 bushels the same
time last year — a decrease of not far from 50
per cent. Short crops of corn and cotton are
not elements of prosperity, no matter how
much compensation growers may receive in
better prices, nor how much the loss may be
counteracted by- business activity in other di
rections. True prosperity is based on abund
ance, not scarcity.
"The reaction may not be pleasant, but it
will be beneficial. Readjustment is necessary
to chanced conditions. The United States is
still enjoying great prosperity, particularly in
certain sections; but the progressive movement
is less uniform than six or twelve months ago,
the crest of the wave has been reached in eova-2
quarters and recessions are due if we are to
have a healthy stock market and active and
fcubstantial mercantile markets. There are
Signs that the market leaders appreciate these
facts, and that the downward tendency Is be
ing assisted by manipulation. When the mar
ket has been tested, the weak epots discovered
end new blood and new capital admitted, we
jnay expect a recovery. But the upward turn
Is not yet in sight and stocks are likely to be
0. good eale on all sharp rallies."
Dried Fruit in New York.
Mall reports from New York say:
"Raisins are much higher on the coast. The
•High Five.* or California seeding combine,
finally named new prices yesterday, which are
%c per lb higher on seeded, l%c higher, on 2
crown ar.<3 3-crown loose Muscatels, and %c
tilgher on 4-crown loose than the former asso
ciation prices, which were withdrawn suddenly
b week or so ago. The new prices on seeded,
<3%c for choice and 7c for fancy, f. o. b.. coast,
have been generally predicted, but the ad
vance on 2-crown and 3-crown loose Is about
Jic per lb more than expected.
"The full list of new quotations is as follows,
fob. California: Two-crown loose. 4%c; 3
crown, '5V*c; 4-crown, 5%c; seeded, bulk,
choice, 6%c; fancy. 6%c; 1-lb cartons, choice,
<< 1 5ic; fancy. 7c; 12-oz packages, choice, 5%c;
fancy 6%c: Sultanas 6c: seedless Muscatel.
5c; Thompson's seedless. 6%c; 2-crown London
layer. $1 25; 3-crown London layer. $1 35. All
prices are subject to confirmation, but advices
to some local representatives of packers state
that no sales of 4-crown loose will be confirmed
until arbitration with the association is set
tled. Orders for choice seeded are limited to
20 per cent of the entire quantity ordered.
"The coast situation is believed to be very
Ftrong and most of the advices from the pack
ers EtRted that a further advance is likely to
occur very shortly. On spot holders stiffened
their views decidedly, although the advance
had been largely discounted during the past
week. There was very little doing, however,
and the market is hard to quote. Loose raisins
are largely In the hands of seeders who are not
disposed to sell. Most holders asked Cc for
3-crown loose, but some poods were available
about iic less, while some held at the coast
price freight, etc.. addpd. Seeded were nom
inally quotable from 7%@7%c for choice and
eround 8c for fancy. London layers are very
scarce on the 6pot. The new coast prices for
layers are identical with the old quotations.
Some outside packers named the same prices
as th<» combine.
"Prunee are firm and unchanged from 3%c to
ft 3%c basis, coast, for Santa Claras. Ore
rons are less freely offered, few being quoted
ur.der a fcaris of 2%c. coast. Currants are firm
and nv*>tin>? vrith steady demand in a small
vr»v. Tarragona almonds are in good supply
and in lerr. request: Goods were reported of
fered at ll-*ic yesterday.. Over 1000 bales and
bags Grenoble walnuts, very poor quality. Bold
at auction from 4%@7 ) /ic. Shelled almonds arc
firmer."
Weather Report.
' (120th Meridian — Pacific Time.) -7^- •—
SAN FRAN'CISCO, Dec. 19, 1901—5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of the same date
last rcascn and rainfalls in the last twenty
four hours:
Last This La*t
Stations — 24 hours. Season. Season.
' TCureka 16.01 18.99
Red Bluff 9.6<5 8.06
Sacramento 598 7.54
San Francisco f>.*0 7.09
Frepno 2.17 5.42
Independence 1-34 2.31
San Luis Oblrpo 4.59 10.20
Log Angeles 2.46 6.79
San Diego 0.77 1.73
San Franrlscn data — Maximum temperature,
63: minimum. 47: me»n. 55.
The following maximum and minimum tem
peratures were n ported from Eastern stations:
Boston, 24-12: Cincinnati. 12-8; Washington,
26-16: Jacksonville, 40-28; Kansas City. 6 to
— 6: New York. 30-16; Omaha, 4 to — 8; Du-
Juth 0 to — 16: Salt Lcke City. 38-26: Chi
cago. 4 to - T -C; ft. Louis, 14 to — 2: Phlladel
phla, 30-16. I '
THE COAST RECORD.
6TATIOX. 3 ?3 ?| g,= So ?
Astoria :».1C P4 Zl E cTeTT 00
Baker :S0.«<5 24-20 NW Fogey 00
Carson « 3O.4S 48 1« XE Clear "00 '
Eureka :tO. 1<S 52 .'!8 SW Cloudy OO :
Fresno ."?o.H in 36 W Clear f<0
Flagstaff 30.44 52-10 E Clear CO
Pocatello. Ida. 20.72 2G H SR Clear .00
Independence.. HO. 20 64 30 SE Clear 00
Lot- Angeles. .:{0. 04 76 40 NW Pt.Cldy <K)
Phoenix 30.12 72 36 NW Clear "oo
Portland ..."..30.26 48 32 E Clear Vx>
Tied Bluff .-{0.12 CS 34 NE Clear 'oo i
Roseburg 30.22 22 28 SE Cloudy .00
Sacramento ..SO. 14 52- 32 NE Clear .CO
Fait Leke....30.€l 3« 26 E Clear .00
fan FranpiECo.::<».12 «4 48 X Clear .00
F. L. Ohispo..Sfi.08 78 32 X Clear .00
I'an Diego -'/». 08 «R 48 P Cloudy .00
Bfattle 3U.2R - 48 36 SE - Clear .OO
Fp-kani 30. «O 34 24 'E * Clear' .00
N«:?h Biy •t'».20 4R 42 E Pt.Cldy ,00
"VV«:isi WaIln..30.fi2 2« 28 S Cloudy .00
\trinr»mueca...10.48 *6 s NE Clear .00
Tuma 30.08 76 44 NW Clear .00
Temperature. 7 a. m. — *8 degrees.
TTEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure it beginning to fall rapidly
tjor.g the coast of Oregon and it is likely that
a disturbance of some energy will soon appear
on the northern coast. An area of high pres
sure Is moving slowly eastward over the Rocky
Mountain region.
The temperature has risen over California
north of the Tehachapi. Along the southern
coast from Los Angeles to San Diego there has
been a fall of about 10 decrees, but the tem
peratures are still normal.
Foggy weather is reported at Eureka and
at San Die»o.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight, December 20, 1901:
Northern California — Cloudy Friday, with fog
along the coast: fresh easterly winds.
Southern California — Cloudy Friday, with fog
along the coast; fresh easterly winds.
Nevada — Fair Friday; fresh northeast winds.
San Francisco and vicinity — Cloudy Friday;
fresh easterly winds. ,
ALEXANDER G. McADIE,
Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
New York Stock Market.
NEW YORK, Dec. i9. — Amalgamated Copper
almost broke Stock Exchange records for the
erratic character of Its fluctuations to-day. So
great was the uncertainty over the action to
be taken by the directors on the dividend and
the consequent effect on the general market
that dallngs in others stocks than Amalgamated
Copper were practically suspended. The stock
broke several times during the morning, going
down immediately after the opening to 03%,
which wiped out the sudden gain at the close
yesterday. From that point it began an Ir
regular recovery, with frequent halts and re
actions. A story got afloat that the full 1%
per cent dividend was to .be declared, to be
paid in scrip for such proportion as was rep
resented by the dividends of subsidiary com
panies which have been tied up by injunction.
The outstanding short interest became fright
ened at this rumor and bought to cover. The
stock touched 69% before the directors had as
sembled at the dividend meeting. It was only
a few minutes after the hour of assembling
when the price slumped to 64% under a torrent
of offers. The rebound was to 67%, and the
stock then tended to equilibrium and closed
with a net loss of %. The action on the divi
dend had not been announced when the mar
ket closed. The -further cut ■ in price of raw
copper was not unexpected and there are pre
dictions that the level has not yet been reached
to attract large buying orders. The announce
ment of the cut did not interrupt the upward
course of Amalgamated Copper which was then
in progress. The undertone of the general
market was firm, but there were sharp de
clines in several leading stocks when the cut
in copper was announced an.l also wnen Amal
gamated Copper commenced its wild movement
in Che last half hour. Vory few stocks at
tained a movement of as much as a point in
either direction from last night's close. The
tone of the coalers was good, and there wvd
some talk of a coming advance in the pric»
of anthracite. There was no appaient uneasi
ness in. the money situation, and the opin
ion is general that the outward movement of
gold for the year has come to an end. The
market closed irregular and very dall-
Railroad bonds were dull and stsady. Total
sales, par value, $2,145,000.
United States 3s coupon and the f.s coupon
advanced ',4 and the old 4s coupon declined \'&
per cent on the last call.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Sales. High. Low. Close.
Atchison .'.... 4,800 78% 77% 77%
Atchison prefd .... 2,400 99% 99% 99%
Bal & Ohio ". 2,700 102% 101% 101%
Bal & Ohio prefd.. 100 95 95 94%
Canadian Pacific ., 300 113% 113% 113%
Canada Southern S5%
Ches & Ohio 500 46% 46% 46Vg
Chi & Alton 700 35% 35 34%
Chi & Alton prefd. 100 77% 77% 77%
Chi. Ind & Louis.. 200 48% . 48 47%
Chi. Ind & L prefd 200 74% 74% 74%
Chi & East 111 134%
Chi & G W 700 24% 24 24
Chi & G W A prefd 100 87% 87% 87
Chi & G W B prefd 100 48% 4ti% 47%
Chi & Northwestrn 200
Chi, R I & Pacific. 300 151% 151 150%
Chi Term & Trans. 200 10% 16% 16
Chi T & T prefd.. 400 31 30% 30%
C. C. C & St Lwuis. 100 97% 97% 97%
Colo Southern 100 14 14 13%
Colo So 1st prefd.. 1.600 61% 56% 57
Colo So 2d prefd.. 2,600 26 Vi 25% 26
Dela & Hudson 900 174 173 173
Dela, L & West... 400 246% 246% 245
Denver & R G 200 43% 43% 43
Den & Rio G prefd 300 03% 03% 93%
Erie 5,500 40% 39% 39%
Erie 1st prefd 4,800 72 71% 71%
Erie 2d prefd .... 700 57% 57 67
Great Nor prefd ... 700 184% 184 181
Hocking Val 400 63% 63 63%
Hocking Val prefd. 400 81% 81% 8t%
Illinois Central ... 300 138 138 137%
Iowa Central 200 37 37 36
Iowa Cent prefd... 100 71 71 70%
Lake E & W 66
Lake E & W prefd L28
Lois & Nashville.. 3.400 106 105% 105%
Manhattan L 12.600 134% 132% 132%
Metropolitan St Ry 1,500 161% 160% 160%
Mexican Central... 2,500 24% 24% 24%
Mexican National.. 2,300 14 14 - 14
Minn & St Louis 106
Missouri Pacific ... 2,400 104. , 102% 102%
M. K & T 25
M. K & T prefd.. 51
New Jersey Central 182
New York Central. 4,200 166U 165 165%
Nor & Western ... 100 55%' 55% 55%
Nor & W prefd 91
Ontario & Western. ■ 1,200 33% 33% 33%
Pennsylvania 4,000 147% 147 147.
Reading 7,800 48% 48 48
Reading 1st, prefd. 2,800 79% 79% 78%
Reading 2d prefd.. 4,500 58% 58 58
St L & S F 2,200 56% 55% 55%
St L & S F 1st pfd 80
St L & S F 2d pfd 2.000 74 73% 73
St Louis So 26%
St Louis So prefd 58%
St Paul 20,500 163% 161% 161%
St Paul prefd 187
Southern Pacific... 5,800 69% 69 , 69 '
Southern Railway. 5.100 . 33V4 32% 32%
Southern Ry prerd. 1,500 M 92% 92%
Texas & Pacific 100 38% 38% 38%
Toledo. St \a & W 18%
T, St L & W prefd 100 34 34 33%
Union Pacific 59,400 102% 101 lOlfc
Union Pacific pfd.. 500 89 88% 8S%
Wabash 1.800 22% 22 21%
Wabash pfd 1,400 42% 41% 41%
Wheel & Lake Erie 100 1S% lS'i 18%
W & L E 2d pfd ' 28
Wisconsin Central.. 1,000 20% ■ 20% 20%
Wisconsin Cent pfd 300 41% 41 41
Express companies—
Adams ...... .... 190
American •* .... 200
United States 300 92 02 91
Wells-Fargo : 180
Miscellaneous —
Amalg Copper 222.800 69% 63% 65%
Am Car & Foundry 1,000 29% 29% 29%
Am Car & Foun pfd 100 85% 85% 85%
Am Linseed Oil 15
Am Linseed Oil pfd - 41%
Am Strelt &-Refln. 200 44% ' 44 43%
Am Smelt & R pfd 96%
Anaconda Mln Co. SOO 31% 29% 30Vi
Brooklyn R Tran.. 1,900 63% 63 62%
Colo Fuel & Iron.. 200 SO 87% 8S
Consolidated Gas 214%
Continental Tob pfd 114%
General Electric 100 282 2S2 2S1
I Glucose Sugar 200 39% 39 33%
Hockingr Coal 300 15% 15% 15
International Pap. . 300 20% 20% 20%
Intwnat Pap pfd.. 200 75% • 75% 76
International Power 100 SSVi SSV4 88
Laclede Gas 32%
National Biscuit... 100 43 43 43
National Lead . ....'-.... 16%
National Salt 32
National Salt pfd • hi
Ncrth American... 100 93% 03% 92%
Pacific Coast :... .... 74
Pacific Mall 500 45 45 44
People's Gas . 10,300 101% 09% 101 Vi
Pressed Steel Car... 6.000 40% 3R«7 40
Pressed St Car pfd 1.600 82% 80% 82
Pullman Palace Car | V 210'
Republic Steel .... 100 15 15 15'
Republic Steel pfd. . 1,500 66% 66% C6%
Sugar 3,500 121% 120% 120%'
Tenn Coal & Iron.. 1,500 63 62% 62%
(ijnion Bag & P Co 14%
■ - .... •■::■•■ ■■ . . ■ . . ■ -. - ■■■■-■■.-■ ■ .
tfllE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 20, 1901,
Union B & p Co pf 72
~.° Rubber 2,200 13% 12% 12%
}i 5 5 u bber pfd... 200 4!> Vi 49 48%
US Steel pfd 2,700 91% 91% 91%
western Union 1,200 93% 92% »2%
Am Locomotive . . . 1,000 31 .".0% :!0%
Am Locomotive pfd C00 88 8S ' 87%
Total sales 470,000
NEW YORK BONDS.
v S ref 2s reg 10S9i t- & N uni 4s. . . .102%
Do ref 2s coup.. 109 V» Mexican Cent 4s. 73'/.
Doosreg..' 108% Do 1st inc.... 31%
Do 3s coupon... 108-% Minn & St L 4s..lC3V 4 '
Do new 4s reg. . 139% M K & T 4s 96%
Do new 4s coup. 139% Do 2ds 81 V>
Do old 4s reg... 111% N Y Cent lsts...lO«Vs
Do old 4s coup. .112% Do gen 3%s... .110
£o 5s reg 107% NJC gen 5s....l32Vi
Do 5s coupon... 108 N Pacific 4s 104%
Atchison gen 4s.. 102% Do 3s 73
Do adj 4s ..94 N & W con 4s 102%
B&O4s ' 102% Reading gen 4s.. 99%
Do 3%s 96% Bt L & I M c 5s.ll7
Do conv 4s 104% St L &S F 4s... 97%
Canada So 2ds 109 3t L Swstrn lsts. 96%
CentofGa5s 106 Do 2ds... 79%
Do 1st inc 78 B A & A P 4s. ... 89%
Ches & O 4%s 106% S Pacific 4s...... 92%
Chicago & A 3%s. 85% S Railway 5s.. ..123
C B & Q new 4a.. 9S% Tex & Pac lsts.. 119%
c m & st p g 4s.nl roi st l & w 4s. 81
C & N con 7s 13914 CJ Pacific 4s 106
C R I & P 4s.,.. 106% Do conv 4s 105%
C C C & St L g 4s.lO3 Wabash lsts 118
Chicago Term 4s.. 87% Do 2ds 112%
Colo & So 4s 89% Do aeb B 64%
D & R G 4s 103% West Shore 4s... 114
Erie prior lien 4s.lO0% Wheel & L E 4s.. 71%
Do gen 4s 89% Wise Cent 4s QOV t
F W & D C lsts. 104$ Don Tobacco 4a., 64%
Hocking Val 4%s.lO8%|
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 20 Uttle Chief . 12
AJice 45 Ontario .8 00
Breece 75 Ophir :... 50
Brunswick Con.. 17 Phoenix 05
~omstock Tunnel 02V. Potosi ,.. 02
Con Cal & Va...l 50 " Savage :. 02
Dead wood Terra. 50 Sierra Nevada... 12
Horn Silver 1 90 Small Hopes 40
Iron Silver CO Standard 3 45
Leadville Con... C5
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— Westinghse Com. 73 '
Call loans 4 @5 Mining —
rime loans 4%®5 Adventure 17%
Bonds — Allouez 3%
Atchison 4s 102 Amalgamated 66
Gas lsts 82% Baltic . 35
Mex Central 4s.. 80 Bingham 24%
N E Gas & Coke. 56% Calumet & Hecla.595
Railroads — Centennial 12%
Atchison 77% Copper Range 60%
Do prefd 99% Dominion Coal 47«A
Boston & Albany. 258 Franklin 12^4
Boston & Maine.. 190 Isle Royale 20
Boston Elevated.. 167 Mohawk 30%
N Y N H & H...211 Old Dominion 22%
Fitchburg prefd.. 144 Osceola : . 79
Union Pacific 101% Parrot 29%
Mexican Central.. 24 Quincy ..135
Miscellaneous— Banta Fe Copper/ 2%
American Sugar. .150% Tamarack 240
Amer Tel & Tel.. 162 Trlmountain 30%
Dom Iron & Steel. 25 Trinity 13%
Gen Electric 281 United States 14
Mass Elec prefd.. 90% Utah 19%
N E Gas & Coke.. 1 5 Victoria ......... 4%
United Fruit 94 Winona 1%
U S Steel 41% Wolverine ....... 49
Do prefd 91%
London Market.
NEW YORK. Dec. 19.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
There was a fair business to-day and high
class stocks had a good tone. The Continent
was a big buyer. Consols rose to 94 15-16.
There was not much enthusiasm over American
stocks, but this department steadily improved,
with Union Pacific leading. It Is said here that
the forthcoming report will show. 10 per cent
increase in earnings.
The Metal Exchange was closed in conse
quence of the suicide of Hugh Kekewich, a
member of a leading firm of metal brokers.
The cause was three weeks* Insomnia. There
was no financial trouble. Only fifty tons of
copper were dealt In at £59 15s the ton. Rio
Tintos sold at 41. New York Is sending over
commercial paper, which Paris Is buying. Gold
to the amount of £50,000 has gone out respec
tively to Egypt. Brazil and South America.
The Indian banks have increased | their dls-'
count rates from 4 to 5 per cent.. "
The Johannesburg Stock Exchange reopened
to-day.
CLOSING.
LONDON, Dec. 19. — Anaconda, 6%; Atchi
son. 80%; do preferred, 102^4; Canadian Pa
cific, 116%: Denver and Rio Grande. 44%; do
preferred, 95%; Southern Pacific, 60%; Union
Pacific, 104%; do preferred. 90%; bar silver
firm, 25%d; money 3%@3% per cent.
New York Money Market.
NEW YORK, Dec. 19. — Money on call was
firm 'at 5%@6 per cent; closing bid and asked,
6@6 per cent; prime mercantile paper, 6@5%
per cent; sterling exchange was weak, with
actual business In bankers' bills at $4 86% for
demand and $4 83% for sixty days; posted
rates, $4 84 and $4 87%; commercial bills.
$4 S2%@4 83Vi; bar silver, 55%c; Mexican
dollars, 43%c: bonds — Government, Irregular;
State, inactive; railroad, steady.
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 19.— To-day's state
ment of the Treasury balances shows: Avail
able cash balance, $172,188,870; gold, $115,
6S9.170.
New York Grain and Produce.
% — . #
NEW YORK, Dec. 19.— FLOUR— Receipts.
12,879; exports, 12,400 barrels. Overstocked and
rather weak at old prices, which are more or
less nominal. Minneapolis bakers', $2 95@3 3.~>.
WHEAT— Receipts, 31,350 bushels; exports,
67,000 bushels. Spot, dull; No. 2 red, 88c f. o.
b. afloat; No. 2 red. 83>4c ■ elevator; No. 1
Northern Duluth. 84% c f. o. b, afloat; No. 1
hard Duluth. 92c f. o. b. afloat. Options open
ed easy because of fair local offerings, rallied
on small Northwest receipts and comparatively
steady cables, and ruled Irregular all day on a
light scalping holiday trade, closing steady at a
partial net advance of %c. March closed at
85%c: May. 84%@84%c, closed 84%c; July,
84 3-16@84%c, closed 84%c; December closed
at 82%c. .
HOPS— Steady.
HIDES— Steady.
WOOL— Quiet.
COFFEE — Spot Rio, quiet; No. 7 Invoice,
7%c; mild, quiet; Cordova, 7%<g>ll2. %
Coffee futures closed steady, with a net de
cline of 5 to 10 points. Total sales, 22,000
bags, Including: December, 6.55@6.60c; Janu
ary, 6.60c; March, C.75@6.80c; May,. G.f>5c;
June, 7.10c; July. 7.15c. • • •
SUGAR — Raw, steady: fair refining, 3 9-32c:
centrifugal. 96 test, 3%c; molasses sugar,
3 l-32c; refined, unsettled.
BUTTER — Receipts, 3900 packages; firm;
State, dairy, 15@23c; creamery, 16@25c; June,
creamery, 15@21%c; factory, 12%@15%c.
EGGS— Receipts, 5000 packages; unssttlfid
and higher; Western at mark, 24@30c.
DRIED FRUITS.
NEW YORK. Dec. 19. — Out-of-town orders
were received this morning In a liberal way,
particularly In choice grades, and theee hell
quite steady. Other grades were quiet and
unchanged. State, common to good," 6@8%c;
prime, 9@9%c; choice, 9%@9%c; fancy, lo@
10%c.
California dried fruits were Inactive.
PRUNES — 3%@7c. , ;
APRICOTS— Royal, 10@14c; Moorpark, 9'A
@13c.
PEACHES— Peeled, 12@l6c; unpeeled, 7@
10%c.
Nezu York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK, Dec. 19.— Cotton closed quiet
and steady, unchanged.
Chicago Grain Market.
CHICAGO, Dec. 19.— Wheat ranged over %c,'
with several ups and downs, and though there
was a slight early . firmness -based on exceed
ingly small 'receipts and scanty offerings, the
dullness made traders timorous. 1 AH hands
seemed indisposed to trade and even the boars
refused to press matters. Early - cables were
weak, but not as far depressed as I had j been
expected. Cash business was small. . The rail
road tleups curtailed receipts, but reporu had
it that the cold weather was not hurting win
ter crops. The early small . demand gav* way
to some buying and the session | was b-ii-eft | of
any speculative Interest. May opened a shade
lower to a shade higher at 79% to 79%c, touch-
Ins 79%c. sagged oft to 79%®79ilc, and closed
steady, a shade lower at 79%c. • « ■■-,■
Corn had much the same experience as wheat,
though it was stubborn against a, bearish
movement. Short receipts here and news from
Kansas that the cold weather necessitated feed
ing corn to stock regardless . of price . buoyec.
opening prices. Profit -taking soon, caused a
setback and the market became . very dull.
May closed easy %c lower at 6G%c. ' : ; "
Oats were quiet. May closed steady,
lower at 44% c. .
Provisions were weak and heavy. under the
Influence of a large - run of hogs. Trade was
small. May pork closed 17%c down, lard 12 Vic
lower and ribs 7%@10c off. ■
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. . High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2— ■
December 75% 75% 75% 75%
May l-Svi -73%. . 79 3 79%
July 7<j% 79% 79% 79%
Corn No. 2 —
December ...... 6-i _ 64 . 63% C3%
May W'/g, (J7i£ (jtiy 4 66%
July , C6Vi ' t)(j% 60 t>0
Oats No. 2 —
December .. 44% 44% 44 44%
May ..........; 44% . 45 - 44% ; v. 44%
July :J8% 3S% 38% 38%
Mess Pork, per bb! —
January ..16 22V> 16 22V. 16 12% 16 12%
May ........ .10 77% 1G 80 16 57% 10 60
Lard, per 100 lbs—
January 9 87% 9 87% 9 67% 9 67%
May 9 85 9 87% 9 72% 9 72%
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs —
January ... 8 37% 8 37% 8 30 8 30
May 8 57% 8 60 8 50 8 52%
Cash ■ quotations were as follows: Flour,
easy; No. 3 spring wheat, 73%@80c; No. 2 red..
82c: No. 2 oats, 46Vi@46 : Jic; No. 2 white, 48%
(&49%c; No. 3 white, 48@48%c; No. 2 rye,
til%c; fair to choice malting barley, 57@61c;
No. 1 flaxseed. $1 52; No. 1 Northwestern,
$1 55; prime. timothy seed, $6 55; mess pork,
per bbl, $15 10@15 20; lard, per 100 lbs, $9 70
@0 75; short ribs sides (loose). $8 30@8 40; dry
salted shoulders (boxed), 7%@8%c; short clear
sides (boxed), $8 65©S 75; whisky, basis of
high wines, $1 32; clover, contract grade,
$9 40. .-.-•'- .
Articles— v Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 35,000 S2.000
Wheat, bushels ..61,000 20,000
Corn, bushels 87,000 45,000
Oats, bushels .....138,000 153,000
Rye, bushels 15,000 4,000 .
Barley, bushels 53,000 33,000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was steady; creams, 15@24c; dairies,
14@20c. Cheese, firm, 9V4@10%c. Eggs, firm;
fresh, 2Sc. «
Foreign. Futures.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— March. May.
Opening 6 1% 6 2%
Closing 6 1% 6 2%
.PARIS.
Wheat— Dec. Mar. -June.
Opening.. ..22 10 .22 90
Closing ....2195 22 85
Flour — - . . ■ • :
Opening... ......;. 27 80 28 85
Closing ...'..27 75 28 80
New York Metal Market.
I NEW YORK. Dec. 19.— fAnother cut In cop
per prices was • announced to-day by the prin
cipal concerns and the market was weak and
unsettled all day. There was no business re
ported'as traders believe. the reduction has not
reached its limit. The quotation at the close
was $13 for Lake Superior,- $12 87% for elec
trolytic and $12 50 for castings, e The London
market was also depressed again and made a
new low record. Spot was quoted at £49 10s.
The London Exchange' closed at noon out of
respect for its chairman. Mr. Kekewich, whose
son committed suicide, but durnig the morn
ing trading was particularly active. Tin suf
fered a setback both at home and abroad ow
ing to a lack of speculative support and un
der liquidation. The close at London, found
the market weak and £1 lower, spot being
quoted at £106 10s and futures at £103. Here
the market was unsettled and weak, with spot
quoted at $23 70@23 95« Lead at London was
reduced 2s 6d to £10 Cd, while the local mar
ket was featureless at $4. Spelter remains^ In
active and nominally unchanged at . New York
and at London, closing at $4 45 and £17 re
spectively. -
Iron was again quiet but held steady; plglron
warrants $10 50@ll 50; No. 1 foundry. North
ern $15 50@16; No. ,2 foundry, Southern.
$14 50@15 50; No. 1 foundry. Southern. $15 50®
16. and No. 1 foundry. Southern soft. $15@17.
. Glasgow iron warrants closed at 56s and
Mlddlesboro closed at 43s 3d.
Eastern Livestock Market.
CHICAGO.
1 CHICAGO, Dec. 19.— CATTLE — Receipts,
13,000; slow and steady, mostly 10c lower.
Good to prime, $6 25@7 45; poor to medium,
S3 75S« 90; stockers and feeders, $2@4 25;
cows. $1@4 65; heifers. $1 60@5 25; canners,
Jl@2; bulls, $1 75<3>4 05; calves, $2 50@2 75;
Texas fed steers, $2 50®4 25.
HOGS— Receipts ,to-day, 23,000; to-morrow,
24,000; left over. 14,000; opened steady to 10c
lower, closed 15@20c lower. Mixed and butch
ers' -$5 80®6 50; good to choice heavy, $6 25@
6 70; rough heavy. $5 90@6 10; light, $5@5 90;
bulk of sales, $5f75®6 35. ■
SHEEP — Receipts, 15,000. Sheep and 1 lambs,
steady Good to choice wethers, $3 75@4 50;
fair to choice mixed, $2 75@3 40: Western
eheep, $3®4 25; native lambs, $2 50@5 50;
Western lambs, $4 25@5. «
ST. JOSEPH.
' ST. JOSEPH; Dec. 19. — CATTLE— Receipts,
1900. Steady. Natives, $3 25@7 15: cows and
heifers. $1@5 25; veals, $2 50@5 25; stockers
and feeders, $2@4 15.
HOGS — Receipts, 11,600. ' Market 10@15c
lower. Light and light mixed, $5 95®6 45;
medium and heavy. $6 25@665; pigs, $3@4 75.
SHEEP — Receipts, 900. Market steady.
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND, Or., Dec. 19. — Clearings, $436.
904; balances, $59,687.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, Dec. 19.— WHEAT— Steady.
Walla Walla, 59@60c; valley, 60c; blue stem,
61c.
Foreign wheat exports from Portland for the
week ending to-day were 203,019 bushels.
Foreign Markets.
LONDON, Dec. 19. — Consols, 94 3-16; silver,
25%d; French rentes, lOOf 40c; cargoes on
passage, rather easier; No. 1 standard Califor
nia, 30s; cargoes Walla Walla, 29s 3d; English
country markets, firm.
LIVERPOOL. Dec. 19.— Wheat, quiet; No. 1
standard California. 6s 3%d@6s 4d; wheat in
Paris, weak; flour In Paris, weak; French coun
try markets, firm; weather i»« England, frost.
COTTON — Uplands, 4 19-32d.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Exchange and Bullion,
All quotations are higher— silver, domestic
and sterling exchange.
The Peru took out a treasure list of $495,103,
consisting of $315,103 In" Mexican dollars and
$180,000. In sliver bullion. '
Sterling Exchange. 60 days... ■ — $4 8414
Sterling Exchange, sight — ■ 4 87%
Sterling Cables ■ ', — 4 88%
New York Exchange, sight... — .07%
New York Exch'ge, telegraph — 10
Silver, per ounce — 55%
Mexican- Dollars, nominal.... — . 44%
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT— Paris futures were lower, but
otherwise the foreign markets showed little
change.
Chicago was steady and inactive, -with di
minishing receipts. Coarse grains were firmer
on continued j cold weather. The crowd was
bearish and short and the bears hammered the
market. Wires to Bolton, De Ruyter & Co.
said: "The Cincinnati Price Current reports
winter •wheat having ample moisture and pro
tected by snow in most sections. The condition
of the Kansas crop, however, is attracting at
tention. The plant has no snow covering, the
temperature is 10 degrees below zero and the
farmers^ are getting anxious. These unfavor
able reports started buying, . which checked the
decline. The Northwest reports livestock be
ing hastened to market to save feed. ■■ Spring
wheat mills report a decreasing demand . for
flour and slow buying of wheat for export.
Argentina is said to be selling wheat in this
country." .. .
This market was easy and unchanged.
Spot Wheat — Shipping, $1 02%: milling,
$1 03%@l 06% per ctl. -
- ■ . CALL BOARD SALES. ,.
■Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock— May — 14,000
ctls, $1 06%; 18,000, $1 06.
Second Session— May— 8000 ctls, $1 05%.
• Regular Morning Session — May— 4000 ctls,
$1 06.
Afternoon Session — May— 4000 ctls, $1 06%.
• BARLEY— Dull and unchanged. .
Feed. 78%@80c for choice , bright, 77% c for
No. 1 and 72%@75c for off grades; brewing and
shipping grades, 82%@>85c; Chevalier, 80c@?l
per ctl.- ■ ' , . ■: ..-•■, . . :
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock— No sales.
Second Session — No sales. ■ ' .
Regular Morning Session— May — 2000 ctl*, 1
80y 4 c; 2000, 80%c. ' .
Afternoon Session— May— 4000 ctls, 80c; 4000,
70%c. ' ; . . ;-,«-.- '
OATS — There Is nothing new to report. The
market continues firm.
Grays. $1 12%@1 20 for feed and $1 20@l 25
for seed ;, whites, $1 15@1 30; Surprise, $1 30®
1 35; black, $1@1 12% for feed ■ and ■ $1 15«j>
1 22% for seed; red.. $1 12%©1 20 per ctl for
feed and $1 25@1 37% .for seed.
CORN — Chicago reports the snap all out of
Corn . and , Oats, with a slow market. , Prices
for both -are so high ■ that speculative buying
has become dangerous. , . - ' .
■ This market stand? precisely : as ' before.
Large Yellow, $1 35@1 37% ; small round do,
$1 35@1,45; white, $1 35@1 42% per cental,
RYE — 75@80c per cental.'
BUCKWHEA1>—Quoted at$l 65 per ctl.
Flour and 'Millstuffs.
FLOUR— California .Family Extras,'; $3 25@
3 CO, usual" terms; Bakers'^ Extras, $3 15@3 25;
Oregon, : $2 G0@2 76 pec . barrel for family ; and
#2 75@3 for Bakers'; "Washington Bakers'.
$2 75@3. • ' ' • ■
' MILLSTIXFFS — Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, usual ■■ discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75: Rye
Meal, $2 50;, Rice Flour, $7; Corn Meal, $3 25;
extra cream do. $4; Oat Groats. 55; Hominy,
$4@4 25; Buckwheat Flour, $4@4 25; Cracked
Wheat S3 50; Farina, $4 50; Whole Wheat
Flour . ?3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels), $0 85®
8 35; In sacks, $6 50@8; l Pearl Barley, $5;
Split Peas, ?5; Green Peas, $6 50 per 100 lbs.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
_•■ There is no further j change to report. Bran
and Middlings are firm at the recent advance
and Hay is steady with fair receipts.
BRAN — $16 50@17 per ton.
MIDDLINGS — ?1S 50@20 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS — Rolled Barley,. $16@17 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, ?27@28; Job
bing. $28 50@29; Cocoanut Cake, ?20@21; Corn
Meal, $31@31 00;' Cracked Corn, $31 50@32;
Mixed Feed, $16@17.
HAY— Wheat, $9@11; fancy, $11 50@12;
Wheat and Oat. $8@11; Oat. $7@10; Barley
and Oat. ?7@9; Alfalfa, $8@9 60; Clover, $t>@7;
Volunteer, $5 50@S; Stock. $5@7 per ton.
. STRAW — 30@47%c per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
Dried Peas are lower, and nominal, Ms there
is little or nothing doing in them.
Flaxseed is quoted slightly off, with con
tinued free receipts from the north.
■ There is nothing new in Beans, the market
being dull and featureless. ■
BEANS — Bayos, $2 30(g2 40; Small White.
$2 75@3 15; Large White, $2 80@3; Pea, $3 50
®4; Pink, $1 80@2 10; - Red, $2 50@3; Black
eye. $3 50<@3 60; Limas. $4 25@4 50; Red Kid
neys, $3 50@3 75 per ctl.
SEEDS — Trieste Mustard. $3@3 15; Yellow
Mustard, $3 25@3 60; Flax, $2 40@2 60; Ca
nary, 3%@3%c for Eastern; Alfalfa, from
Utah, 8%c; Rape, 1%@1%c: Hemp, 3%c per lb.
DRIED PEAS— Nlles, $1 25®1 65; Green,
$1 25@1 50 per ctl.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
The recent cold snap has frozen' a good many
Potatoes along the river and considerable of
the damaged stock \ is now being received.
Prices for Potatoes in good condition remain
about the same. . •
A car of Oregon Onions came in. Prices are
weak, as the market is fairly supplied. - Very
few California Onions are seen, as the supply
is reduced and country holders. are keeping
them back. ■ • .
Vegetables continue firm at the good prices.
POTATOES — 80c<g$l 10 for Burbanks from
the river; Salinas Burbanks, $1 30@l 60; Ore
gon Burbanks, $1 15® 1 50; River Reds, $1 50@
1 60; Sweets, ?1 'f or Merced.
ONIONS — $ — — per ctl; Oregons, $1 50@l 90.
VEGETABLES — Green Peas from Los An
geles, 7@0c; String Beans from Los Angeles,
10(£il2%c; Cabbage, 40@50c per ctl ; Tomatoes,
75c@$l; Los Angeles Tomatoes, $1 50; Dried
Peppers, '9@17%c per lb; Dried Okra. 12%@20c
per lb; Carrots, 25@35c per sack; Cucumbers,
25@S0c; Garlic, 1%@2%c; Green Peppers, 35@
50c per box for Chili and 35@50c for Bell; Egg
Plant from Los Angeles, 10@12%c; Summer
Squash from Los Angeles, jl 25@1 50; Marrow
fat Squash. $5©S per ton; Hubbard Squash,
?5@8; Mushrooms, 10@25c per pound.
Poultry and Game.
Another car of Eastern came In, making six
thus far this week. . The market for local etock
continues in healthy condition, the demand be
ing active, especially for ..young fowl, with
some fat stock selling even over the quota
tions. Dressed Turkeys continue plentiful and
slow, and live Turkeys are none too firm.
Arrivals of Game were 120 sks. Prices have
shown no change of consequence for some days.
POULTRY — Dressed Turkeys, . 13@15c; Live
Turkeys. 12%@13c for Gobblers and 12%@13%c
for Hens; Geese, per pair, $1 75@2; Goslings,
$2@2 25; Ducks, $4@4 50 for old and $5® 6 60
for young; Hens, $4 60<§5; young Roosters, $4 50
@5 50; old Roosters, $4 50@5; Fryers, $4 50@
5; Broilers, $4@4 50 for large and $3 50@4 for
small; Pigeons, $1 25 per dozen for old and
$1 75@2 for Squabs.
GAME — Doves, per dozen, $1; Hare, $1 25;
Rabbits, $1 60 for Cottontails and $1 for Brush;
Mallard, $2@2 60; Canvasback, $2@3; Sprig.
$1 50@2; Teal, $1; Widgeon, $1<8>1 25; Small
Ducks, $1@1 25; Black Jack, $1@1 25; Eng
lish Snipe, $2; Jack Snipe, $1 60; Gray Geese,
$3 50; White Geese, $1 25; Brant, $1 50@2 per
dozen; Honkers, $3@4 50.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
No further change in Butter or Eggs Is re
ported. Fine gradea of both are firm and in
lighter supply, but the medium and lower
grades are not moving off very briskly. But
ter is firmer than Eggs, as the tendency among
dealers is to sell the latter to keep supplies
down. The Cheese market is well supplied and
unchanged. .
Receipts were 28,300 pounds of Butter,
pounds of Eastern Butter, 480 cases of Eggs,
cases of Eastern Eggs, 36,900 pounds of
California Cheese and - — pounds of Eastern
Cheese.
BUTTER — Creamery. 24@25c per lb for fancy
and 20@>22%e for seconds; dairy. 17%@22c;
store Butter, 14@17c per lb; Creamery Tub, 20c;
Pickled Roll, 18@19c; Keg, 16@18c per lb.
CHEESE— New. 12c; old, 10%@ll%c; Young
America,' 13c per lb; Eastern, 13@15c.
EGGS — Ranch, 32%fe34c for selected large,
30@32c for Rood to choice and 27%@29c for
fair; store, 24@27%c per dozen; cold storage,
20@25c; Eastern, 20@26c.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
The Panama steamer brought up 273 cases of
Mexican Limes. Prices for this fruit have ad
vanced.
Three cars of Oranges and one of Lemons
are announced for to-day's auction. The mar
ket continues liberally supplied with these
goods.
There Is no change in Apples and Pears. Per
simmons are In excessive supply, cheap and
neglected.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS.
APPLES— $1 50@l 75 per box for extra, 75c
@$1 25 for good to choice and 25@60c for ordi
nary; Lady Apples, . $1@1 25.
PEARS— Winter kinds, 75c@$2 B0 per box.
QUINCES— 40@50c per box
PERSIMMONS— 20@50c per box.
CRANBERRIES— Eastern, $10@ll per bar
rel ; Coos Bay, $2 50@2 75 per box.
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges, 75c@$l
for standards, $1@1 25 for choice and $1 50®2
for fancy; Seedlings, 75c@$l 25; Tangerines
75c@$l 25; Japanese Mandarins, 75c@$l 25;
Lemons; 60c@$l for common and $1 50<@)2 for
1 good to choice, and $2 50@3 for fancy; Grape
Fruit, $1@2 50: Mexican Limes, $4@4 50; Ban
anas, $1 75@2 76 per bunch for New Orleans
and 75c@$l 75 for Hawaiian; Pineapples, $3@4
per dozen. ■ "■
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
A car of fine Italian Chestnuts arrived and
prices are lower. Otherwise all descriptions
remain as before quoted, with continued firm
ness and activity In Prunes and Raisins.
FRUITS— Apricots, 7@8%c for Royals and 8
@13c for standard to fancy Moorparks; Evap
orated Apples, 7@8%c; sun-dried 3%<g>4%c;
Peaches, 6@7%c; Pears. 4@8c; Plums, pitted.
4%@6c; unpitted. l@2c; Nectarines, 5@5%c for
red and 5%@6%c for white; Figs, 3@4c for
black and 3@3%c for white.
PRUNES — New crop are quoted as follows:
30-40's, 6V4@5%c; 40-50's,. 4%@5%c; 60-60's,
4%@4%c; 60-70's, 3%@4%c; 70-SO's, 3%@3%c;
80-90" s, 2%@3Vic; 00-100' s, 2%@2%c per lb.
RAISINS— (Price per 20-lb box): Clusters-
Imperial, $3; Dehesa. $2 50; fancy, $1 75; 4
crown, $1 60; , London Layers — Three-crown,
$1 35; two-crown, $1 25. .Price per lb: Stand
ard loose Muscatels — Four-crown. 5%c; three
crown 5%c; two-crown. 4%c; Seedless Musca
tels. 5c; Seedless Sultanas, 5%c; Thompson
Seedless, 6%c; Bleached Sultanas — Fancy, 8%c;
choice, 7%c; standard, 6%c; prime, 5%c; un
bleached Sultanas, 5c. Bleached Thompson's —
Extra fancy, lie; fancy. 10c; choice, 9c; stand
ard, ■ 7%c; prime,. 6%c. Fancy seeded, 7c:
choice seeded, 6%c; do in bulk." fancy, 6%c;
choice, "6%c per lb.
NUTS— Chestnuts, 9@10c;' Walnuts, No. 1
softshell, 9%c; No. 2, 7%c; No. 1 hardshell,
9c; No. 2, 7c; Almonds, ll@12c for papershell,
9@10c for softshell and ,6^7c for hardshell ;
Peanuts, 5@7c for Eastern; Brazil Nut3 12®
12%c; Filberts, 12@12%c; Pecans, . ll@13c;
Cocoanuts, $3 50@5.
HONEY — Comb. 12@12%c for bright and 10@
ll%cfor light amber; water white extracted',
6@6c; light amber, extracted. 4@5c; dark. 4c.
BEESWAX— 27%@29c per lb. ?,\
Provisions.
Chicago reported the market considerably
lower and slow, with the country, full of Hogs.
This market was unchanged and q'nlet.
CURED " MEATS — Bacon. 12c per lb for
heavy, 12%c for light medium, 13%cfor light.
14%c for extra light and 16c for sugar-cured;
Eastern sugar-cured Hams.- 13c; California
Hams, 12%c; Mess Beef, $10@10 50 per barrel;
extra- Mess. $11@11 50; Family. $12012 50;
prime Mess Pork, $15; extra clear,. $22 50@23;
Mess. $18 50@19; Smoked Beef. 13%@14c per
pound. . '
• LARD— Tierces, quoted at 8%C'per lb for
compound : and lH4e for pure: half barrels
pure, ll%c; 10-lbtlns, 12%c; 5-lb tins, 12%c;
3-lb tins, 12%c. . . .
COTTOLENE— One half-barrel, 10%c; three
half-barrels, 10c; one tierce. 1 9%c; two tierces,
9%c; five tierces, 0%c per lb.
Hides, Tallozv, W-ool and Hops.
The local Hide trade are quoting a rather
weak market" now, and say that the quality
of. receipts Is poor, which operates unfavorably
on prices.'.. ">■•> '
■ HIDES AND SKINS — Culls and brands sell
about H6c. under .quotations. Heavy salted
Steers, lie; medium, 10c; light, 9^c; Cow
Hides, 9'^c for heavy and 9<@9%c for light;
Stags, 7c; Salted Kip. 9%c; Salted Veal, 9V-c;
Salted Calf. 10c; Dry Hides.' 16^c;; Culls 14c;
Dry Kip, 15c: Dry Calf, 18c; Culls and Branda
16c; Sheepskins, shearlings, 15%30c each; short
Wool ' 40® 60c each ; medium, 60@85c; lone
Wool, 80c@$l 10 each; Horse • Hides, salt.
$2 50@2 75 for large and $2@2 25 for medium,
$175 for small : and • 50c for Colts;, Horse
Hides, dry. $175 for large. $1 25@1 60 for me
dium, $1 25 > for small j and 50c for Colts. Deer-
skins — Summer or "red I skins, S»5c: fall or me
dium skins, 30c; winter or thin skins, 20c.
Goatskins— Prime Angoras, 75c; large and
smooth, 50c; medium, 35c.' ;£/«".«•
TALLOW— No 1 rendered, 6c per lb; No. 2.
WOOL— Spring. 1900 or' 1901— Southern, de
4%@5c; grease, 3c. . , T \, „
fective.-7 months, 7@8c: Oregon Valley, fine,
13@15y.e; do. medium and coarse. ll@13c. Ore
gon Eastern, choice. ll@13c; do, fair to good.
9@llc; Nevada, 10@12c.
Fall— San Joaquln, 6®8c; San Joaquln
Lambs'. 7tf@0c: Middle County. 8@10c; North
ern Mountain, free. 9@10c; do. defective. 8®«Jo
PC HOPS— 9@10c for fair and ll@12c per lb for
good to choice. ■
San' Francisco Meat Market.
Prices for all descriptions rule very tan and
Veal is higher. A further advance in Hogs
is looked for. _ ,
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows: .' „,,_._ '
BEEF— 7%@8&c for Steers and 6%@7o per
VE^L — Large, 7@8%c; small, 8@10c per lb.
MUTTON — Wethers. 8@S%c; Ewes. 7%@S>c
per lb.
LAMB — 9@0%c per lb.
PORK — Live Hogs, from 150 to 250 lbs, BTsc;
under 150 lbs, 5%©5%c; sows, 20 per cent off;
boars, 30 per cent off. and stags 40 per cent
off from the aboVe quotations; dressed Hogs,
7@8%c
General Merchandise.
GRAIN BAGS — Calcutta Grain Bags, 7c; lo
cal make. %c lees than Calcuttas; Wool Bags.
32@35c; Fleece Twine. 7%@8c.
COAL — Wellington, $9 per ton; Southfleld
Wellington, $9; Seattle, 57; Bryant, $6 50; Coos
Bay, $5 50; Wallsend,$8 50; co-operative Walls
end, $8 50; Cumberland, $12 In bulk and $13 25
in sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg. $15;
Cannel, $11 'per ton; Coke, $15 per ton in bulk
and $17 in sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions,
$8 45 per 2000 lbs and $8 60 per ton, according
to brand. • ■ *
OILS — California Castor Oil, In cases. No. 1,
70c; pure, $1 20; Linseed Oil. In barrels, boiled.
65c; raw, 63c; cases, 5c more; Lucol, 56c for
boiled and 54c for raw in barrels; Lard Oil,
extra winter strained, barrels. 80c; cases, 95c;
China Nut, 55@72c per gallon; pure Neatsfoot,
in barrels, 70c; cases, 75c; Sperm, pure, 65c;
Whale OH,, natural white, 40@45c per gallon;
Fish Oil, barrels, 37%c; cases, 42%c; Cocoanut
Oil, barrels, 63%c for Ceylon and 58%c for
Australian.
COAL OIL — Water White Coal Oil, In bulk.
13%c; Pearl Oil, in cases, 20c; Astral. 20c;
Star, 20c; Extra Star. 24c; Elaine. 25c; Eocene.
22c; deodorized stove Gasoline, In bulk. 15c; In
cases, 21%e; Benzine, in bulk. 14c; in cases.
20%c; 86-de«rree Gasoline, in bulk, 20c; in
cases, 26y-c.
TURPENTINE — 58%c per gallon In cases
and 52s in drums and iron barrels.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Reflninjc Com
pany quotes, per lb, in 10O-lb bags:
Cubes, Crushed and Fine Crushed. 5.30c;
Powdered. 5.15c; Candy Granulated. 5.15c;
Dry Granulated, 5.05c; Confectioners' A. 5.05c;
Fruit Granulated, 6.05c: Beet Granulated (100
lb bags only). 4.95c; Magnolia A, 4.65c; Extra
C, 4.55c; Golden C, 4.45c; D. 4.35c; barrels, 10c
more; half-barrels, 25c more;, boxes, 50c more:
50-lb bags. 10c more. rTo orders taken for less
than 75 barrels or its equivalent. Dominos,
half-barrels, 5.55c; boxes, 5.80c per lb.
Produce.
Receipts o
FOR THURSDAY. DECEMBER 19.
Flour, qr sks. .. .12.238 Raisins, bxs .... 1,715
Wheat, ctls 37,734 Tallow, ctls .... eO2
Barley, ctls 14,290 Pelts, bdls 610
Corn, ctls 550 Hides, No 1.321
Potatoes, sks ... 4,691 Brandy, gals ... 3.750
Onions, sks 300 Wine, gals 90,150
Bran, sks 2,760 Quicksilver, flks. 40
Middlings, sks... 1,275 Leather, rolls .. B4
Hay. tons 421 Wool, bales 1 .... B0
Hops, bales 121 Chicory, bbls ... 25
Powder, car .... 11
STOCK MARKET.
Trading continued very light on I the. morn-
Ing session of the Bond Exchange. Giant Pow
der was lower - at- $83@83 50. and Gas -and
Electric sold at $45.
In the afternoon the only change was an ad
vance in Alaska Packers to '$165.
The German Savings and Loan Society has
declared a dividend of 3 per cent per annum on
all deposits for the last half of the year, pay
able January 2.
The California. Safe Deposit and Trust Com
pany has declared a dividend of 3.60 per cent
per annum on term deposits and 3 per cent on
ordinary deposits, payable January 2.
The San Francisco Savings Union has de
clared a dividend of 3.42 per cent per annum on
term deposits and 3 per cent on ordinary de
posits, payable January 2.
' ' The semi-annual dividend of $3 per share will
be paid by the Osceola copper mine of Michi
gan on the 23d. This amounts to $287,700, and
.will make $4,245,800 to that date.
The Homestake mine of South Dakota, 'will
pay a dividend of 25c per 'share and an extra
one of the same amount, the two aggregating:
$105,000. on the 26th.
The West Shore Oil Company will pay & divi
dend of 6c per share on the 23d.
The California Powder Company will pay a
dividend of $1 per share on the 20th.
A dividend of $5 per share, or $750,000, will
be paid to-day by the Boston and Montana
Copper Company.
A quarterly dividend of 30c per share will be
paid to-day by the Ontario mine of Utah This
dividend is $45,000. and will make a total of
$14,735,500 to date.
The Kern Canyon Oil Company has levied
assessment No. 5 of 2c to become delinquent at
the office of the company January 20th; sales
day. February 6.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
THURSDAY. Dec. 19—2 p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid.Ask. • Bld.Ask.
4s quar reg.111%112% 3s quar coup.108% —
4s qr c (new) 139% 140 4s quar cp.,112%113V4
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bay CPC Bs.108 108% Oceanic 5s.. — 105
Cal-st 5s ...119 — Ombus C 6s. 130
C C Wat 5a. Ill — Pac G Im 43. 95 96%
Ed L & P 6s. — — Pk&CH6s..— 112
Fer&C H 6S.120 — Pk&OR6s..l21 _
Geary-st 5s. — 100 Powl-st R 6s.ll8%120
H C&S 6%s. — — Sac EGR 5s. 95% —
Do 5s — 1C0 SF & SJV5S.123 124
L Ang R 5s.ll8%12O Sierra Cal 6a — —
L A Lght 6s.l01Vi — S P of At 6s
Do gtd 6s.l00 — (1909) 113%114}4
Do gtd 6s.lO2% — , (1910) — —
L A & P 5s. 99 — ' S P of Cal 6s
Do lem 5s.l01 103 (1005)Sr A.10S 109
Mkt-st C 6s.l27% — (1905)Sr B.108% —
Do lem 5s. — 123 (1906) 110%lll
N R Cal 6s. — 115 (1912) 120 —
Do 5s 121<K122% S P Cal 1st
N Pac C 5s. 107% — c gntd 5s. 110 —
N Cal R Ss.112%113% S P BrCal6s.l36 —
Oak Gas 5s. 113 ■ — S V Wat 63.11194112%
Oak Tran 6s.l24%125% Do 4s 102%103
Do 1st c5s.Hl 111% Do 4s 3d mlOl 101%-
Oak W g 68.104 105 Stkn Gas 6a.lO2
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa 74% 75% I Port Costa.. 63% 68
Marln Co 53 — I Spring Val.. 87% 87 K
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L & P. 2% 2% Pac Light... 45 _
Kqt G L Co. 3% 3T4 Sacramento . 35
Mutual — 5% S F G & E. 45% 45U
O G L & H. 51 — San Fran. . . SV. 5%
Pac Gas Imp — 41 I Stktn G, & E 8 —
INSURANCE.
Firem's Fnd.240 — /
BANKS.
Anglo-Cal .. 79% — IL P 4 A 162 170
California ..410 420 Mer Ex (Hq). 18% —
Cal Safe Dp.110 — 's F Natlonl.135 —
First Natnl.325 350 !
SAVINGS BANKS.
German ..'.1925 — '; iSav & Loan. bo
Humboldt .. — . — [Security Sav.31R
Mutual Sav. 66 — Union Trst.1800
STREET RAILROADS.
California ..140 — Market 8.1 «7^~
Geary — 50% Presidio .... 35% — .
■ POWDER.
Giant 83% 85 IVlgorlt K
SUGAR. *
Hana 2% \ 4)iiKilauea .... — 12
Hawaiian ... 34 — IMakawell .. 24%
Hbnokaa .... 10 lOVi.Onomea .... 22 *>*>%
Hutchinson . 14 14% ■ Paauhau ... 10 10%
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska Pack. 164 -165J4 Oceanic S C. 41 45
Cal Fruit As. 98 — Pac A F A. 2% —
Cal Wine As. 87 & — Pac C Boraxl65 166%
Mer Exchge.110 — Par Paint... 15 —
Morning Session.
Board—
130 California Street Railway 150 00
10 Giant Powder ;. ........ 83 60
20 Giant Powder . . . : 83 qo
80 S F Gas & Electric...; 45 00
$l,C00 S P of A Bonds, 1900 113 75
$19,000 Spring Valley Water 6a .112 00
Afternoon Session.
Board— -
35 Alaska Packers' Association. ..165 00
60 California Wine Association. . . 87 60
10 Honokaa Sugar Co... in vru.
$4,000 Market Street Ry 1st con 6s.".!l22 00
$5,000 Pacific Gas Improvement 4s 9^ on
15 S F Gas & Electric... ** 45 «o
115 S F Gas & Electric 45 60
10 S K Oas & Electric " 2\ V^!/
20 Spring Valley Water ; 8 ? 37^?
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning' Session.
Board
400 Four > .".'... 4Q
100 Home KSK £ .
Afternoon Session. .
• Board—
600 Cala-Standard ......... #4> 17
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales on tb« San Fran
Cisco Stock and. Exchange Board yesterday
"I Mornins Session.
400 Best & Belch 11 100 Ophlr nn
10O Con Cal & V.I 55 100 Silver Hiff** 3?
Afternoon Session.
100 Challenge ... 12 1 300 Ophlr .. r 2
2C0 Mexican ..... 24jj00 Union Coa 1. 09
AUCTION SALES
CLOSING-OUT SALE
fe> of £^
Vendorae Stock Farm
Trotting Stock
(Property of James W. Rea. San Jose).
Including Magnificent Mares by
IRAN ALTO, 2:12Vi: BOODLE. 2:12>4; GUT
WILKES. 2:151-4: DIRECTOR. 2:17; NUT-
WOOD, 2:18; ANTINOUS. 2:28&; Etc.
• ■ In Foal to '
McKINNET. 2:1U4 and IRAN ALTO. 2:12H.
Geldings and mares with trotting records, and
all In all It Is the finest collection ever offered
by auction In this city.
Sale Takes Place Next
SATURDAY, Dec. 21st,
Commencing at 11 A. M.
OCCIDENTAL HORSE EXCHANGE
721 Howard street, near Third.
WM. G. LAYNG. Live Stock Auctioneer.
Catalogues ready. Horses at Exchange.
Following were the sales on the Pacific
Stock Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
200 Belcher 13 200 Hale & Nor. 13
300 Best & Belch 11 200 Mexican 23
200 Caledonia .:.. 19 100 Ophlr 60
200 Challenge ... 11 200 Sierra Nev... 14
1000 Con C & VI 57# 400 Utah 06
600 Gould & Cur. 04 800 Utah 07
200 Hale & Nor. 14 300 Tel Jacket... 10
Afternoon Session.
200 Best & Belch 11 ISO Hale & Nor.. 14
100 Caledonia ... 10 800 Mexican 23
10O Con C & V.I 67% 200 Ophlr ei
200 Crown Point. 01 300 Sierra Nev... 14
200 Crown Point. 02 300 Union Con .. 0i>
800 Gould & Cur. 04 300 Utah 07
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
THURSDAY. Dec. IS— 4 p. m.
Bid.Ask. Bid.Aslc
Alpha — 02 Justice .....'. 07 OS
Alta 05 07 Kentuck — 02
Andes 01 02 Lady Wash.. 01
Belcher 13 14 Mexican :.... 24 25
Best & Belch 10 11 Occidental ... 0.5 05
Bullion .. — 02 Ophlr 61 62
Caledonia 18 19 Overman . ...» 03 04
Challenge ... 11 13 Potosl 03 04
Chollar '. 03 04! Savage 02 04
Confidence ... 68 60 'Scorpion ..... — n-t,
Con C & Va.1 55 1 60Seg Belcher.. — 01
Con Imp .... — 02; Sierra Nev... 15 16
Con NY 01 — i Silver Hill . . 31 32
Crown Point. 02 03;St Louis .... — 01
Eureka Con.. 20 — | Standard 3 60 3 75
Exchequer ... — 02, Syndicate ... — 06
Gould & Cur. 04 05; Union Con ..00 10
Hale & Nor.. 13 15 Utah 06 07
Julia — 01 Yel Jacket... 09 10
OCEAN* TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
V • Steamers leave Broadway
Bg*,^ . 'Wharf, San Francisco:
EBBSBSl^ For Alaskan port*— 11 a. »..
Kft£g«i Dec. 2. 7. 12. 17. 22, 37. Jan. L
RP ! *Ety l t5a Change to company'! steam-
' m&Mfiat \2ili ers at Seattle.
riElr i *idF23 For Victoria. Vancouver (B.
' f^SeffigJSSl C). Port Townsend. Seattl*.
" Tacoma, Everett and New
Wbatcoin ("Wash.*— 11 a. nv.
Dee. t 7 IX 1? M. tf. Jan - L Ch* 15 ** f * 3 ,?*
Vor'sa^b&o*.^* only ."Santa Bar-
ItiaiSer State oi \Czl-. Wednesdays. 9 a. m.
Fo?Lo. S Anleles. ctlllng at Santa C™ M«-
terey. San Simeon. Cayucos, Port Harfort (sa«
Louis Obispo). Gavlota. Santa B8.rta.ra. Ven-
tura, HueneW East Ban Pedro. S an Pedra
ind Newport-Steamer' Corona. Saturdays. 9
Nm Ensenada. Masdalena Bay. San
Cabo. MawUlan. Altata. La Pa£ Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaymaj <Mex.)-l» a. m.. 7tl» of eacS
m For h further tafonnatlon obtain tha company**
* "Thf-company reserve, the rl«M to chang*
steamers, sailing days and hours of sallta*
New Montgonwr,
A CO.. Oen. Agent*
10 Market st.. San Francisco.
O. R. & N. CO.
Only S-teatzzmslml'CS X*lxa» *«*
PORTLAND, Op.,
And Short Rail Line from Portland to all
points East. Throufth Tickets to all
points, all rail or steamshio and rail, at
IiOWXiST Jrl.A.'XVEJS.
STEAMEB TICKET3 INCLUDE BIRTHaad MEAL?.
88. COLUMBIA Sails.. Dec. 14. 24. Jan. ». 13
SS. GEO. W. ELDER .:
Sails Dec. W. 23. Jan. 8. 1J
Steamer sails from foot of Spear st.. 11 a. m.
D. W. HITCHCOCK. Gen.Agt.. 1 Montg'y, S.T.
AMERICAN LINE.
HBW TORK. SOUTHAMPTON, LO!fDQ!T. PARIS.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Wednesdays at 10 a. m.
St. Paul Jan. >! Philadelphia . . . Jan. 22
Zeeland Jan. 8 St. Paul Jan. 29
St. Louis Jan. 15 1 St. Louis -.Feb. 8
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwerp.
From New Tork "Wednesdays at 12 noon.
Haverford Jan. 1 Southwark ....Jan. 23
Zeeland Jan. 8 Vaderland Jan. 29
Frlesland Jan. 15 Kensington Feb. 5
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
CHAS. D. TAYLOR.
General Agent Pacific Coast, 30 Montgomery st.
TOYO KISJEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, callinx at
Kobe (HIoko), Nasasakl and Shanghai and
connecting at Honzkons: with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board oa
day of sailing.
SS. AMERICA MARTJ
; Saturday, January 4th. 1903
SS. HONGKONG MARU
Thursday. January 30th. 1903
SS. NIPPON MARU
Tuesday. February 25th. 1902
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office.
421 Market street, corner First.
■ W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION CO.
And Cia Slid Americana de Vaporas
To Valparaiso, stopping; at Mexican. Central
and South American ports. Sailing from How-
ard 3. Pier 10, 12 m.
TUCAPEL ....Dec. 23ILOA
AREQUIPA Jan. 4IPERTT
These steamers are built expressly for Cen-
tral and South American passenger service.
(No change at Arapulco or Panama). Freight
and passenger office. 31S California street.
BALFOUR, GUTHRIB & CO.. Gen. Agents.
PANAMA R, R, S S ?
TO NEW YORK VIA PANAMA CBECf,
Cabin, $105; Steerage, MO: Meals Free.
5. S. Leelanaw sail-. Monday. Ces. 23
6. S. Arjyll ' sails Thursday, Jan. 23
6. S. Leelanaw sails Monday. Feb. 3
From Howard-street wharr at 2 p. in.
Freight and Passenger Office. 330 Market st.
* F. F. CONNOR. Pacific Coast Agent
uceanics.s.iOe ssssssss
SS. SONOMA, for Honolulu. Samoa. Auckland
and Sydney Thursday, Dec. 26. 10 a. m.
SS. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti
Jan. 4, '02. 10 a. m.
SS. ALA MED A. for Honolulu
Saturday. Jan. 4, '02. 2 p. m.
J. D.SPKtCKELS & im. CO., Banera. Agents, 227 Kartei St
Isn't Pisssngtr Office, 643 Market St., Pier Ho. 7. Pacific St
I •• ; . .
OOMPAQCTB 62NE&AL2 TRAN3ATLAHTIQC3
lilKECT 1JNE TO HAVRE-FAKI3. - -j^,
Sailing every Thursday. Instead o£
Eaturcay. at 10 a. m.. from pier *£. •38bkSI
North River. loot of Morton street.
First class to Havra, $70 and upward. Second
class to Havre. $43 and upward. GENERAL,
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES and CAN-
ADA. U Broadway (Hudson building). New
York. J. F. FUQAZI A CO.. Paclflo Coast
Agents. 5 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Ttallrouc' Ticket Agent*.
EAY AND BIVEB STEAMEBS.
•Stanwn GEN. PRISBC3 or MONTICELLO
IMS a. m., 3:13 and 8:30 p. m.. except Sun-
day. Sunday. 9:45 a. m.. 8:20 p. m. Leaves
Vallejo ? a. m.. 12:30 noon. « p m. «xc«pc
Eunday. Sunday, la. m.. 4:t5 p. m. F*r» 54
ccnta. Tetepboo« Main 13CS. Landing and
cf Cce. pier L Mlssloa-strcat dock. UATCU
BROS. ' X -
Weekly Call.Sl.OO per YearFAVORS PASSAGE
OF CANAL BILL
House Committee Makes
Report on Pending
Measure.
No Doubt Is Expressed as to
Practicability of the
ti^H<f«TOX, Dec.
tive Hepburn of Iowa, • chairman of the
House committee on Commerce, to-day
made the report of the committee in
layor of the Nicaragua canal bill. After
*ays in Dart^ 1 "™* ° f the UiU the ™Port
The purpose of this bill is to concentrate au
fj \f th.t and r * s P° n *»ttHty for the construction
"T L, his It g r eat * orli in ihe hands of the Presi
ih« ".» been thieved by your committee
that this course would be a safei one to be uur
?.?v«w'£ ca ,7 yin « out the purpose of the bill.
rfmX^ 8 t xpendtture ° r so lar ee a sum
CM raon^.v. all the work and all the expenditure
to be made at a distance so far from the capl
,. k* «- any otner In «hod that could be de
anrt ~ ri. 6 h . ave tried to co n^ntrate authority
™™ responsibility rather than to disperse it
among many persons.
x he, report refers to the exhaustive re
p? It *" ade by the Isthmian Commission,
of which Admiral Walker is head, in
which every feature of this enterprise is
fully and at length discussed, and adds:
No doubt if expressed by the commission as
to the practicability of the enterprise; on the
contrary they join with a score ot predecessors
in expressing tin ir belief that the work can be
carried to a successful termination within the
a""' 11^ cf reasonable cost and reasonable time.
All of the grea; political parties are committed
to the i-olicy cl the construction of this canal.
The report then quotes the declarations
of the various party platforms and Presi
dents McKinley and Roosevelt favoring
the canal. In conclusion it says:
In view of the many thousands of pages
written and spoken in advocacy of the Imme
diate undertaking and completion of this work,
in view of the pledges made by the parties that
it should be undertaken and completed. In view
of the recommendations made by the President
Of the Un-i-d States and in view of the almost
universal demand of the American people that
Congress should at or.ee do something effective
in the Inaugurated, and speedy completion of
the isthmian canal, your committee content
themselves with this brief report, embodying
their earnest recommendation that the bill
r««s8.
HOUSE TO CONSIDER BILL.
Ccnal Measure to Come Up on the
Seventh of January. '
WASHINGTON, Dec. 19.— Before the
House adjourned to-day over the holiday
recess a special order was made for the
consideration of the Nicaragua canal bill,
beginning on Tuesday, January 7. and to
continue until the bill is disposed of, the
order not, however, to interfere with rev
enue or appropriation bills. The session
of the House was brief, the major portion
of the time being occupied by De Armond
of Missouri in making a personal expla
nation regarding reports circulated in his
district concerning his course in the mat
ter of the extension of the rural free mail
delivery.
De Armond explained that reports were
circulated in his district that he had
caused action on free delivery routes to
he held up during his absence in the Phil
ippines. These reports, he said, were cir
culated by those who lied and knew they
lied. He read letters addressed by him
to the First Assistant Postmaster General
last April, none of which, he said, had
elicited a reply. He also had read a letter
received by him after his return from the
Orient, but dated July 3, saying a certain
rural free delivery route would be estab
lished, and another dated July 6 saying
the action spoken of in the letter of- July
3 had been "held up" to await the final
action of the Postmaster General.
De Armond said he wondered whether
the Postmaster General, who had just an
nounced his purpose of leaving the Cabi
net, was going because he was wearied by
the great labor of solving the question. In
conclusion De Artnond declared that the
department had not treated him "frank
ly, fairly or in a manly way." it had not
answered the pertinent question regarding
the division of carriers between the par
ties. He charged that the conduct of the
department was in the Interest of certain
Republican bosses in Missouri, one of
whom hoped to get into the United States
Senate.
Hepburn asked unanimous consent that
the Nicaragua^ bill be made a special or
der for Tuesday, January 7. and to con
tinue as a special order until disposed of,
not, however, to interfere with revenue
or appropriation bills.
Cannon asked whether the passage of
the bill would embarrass the executive in
securing the right of way through Nica
ragua or Costa. Rica.
Hepburn said he knew of no negotia
tions that would be Interfered with by
this legislation. On the contrary, he said,
legislation must precede acquisition, the
bill itself providing means for the acquire
ment of the right of way.
Richardson, the minority leader, said
this was in no sense a political question,
and there was no objection to the propo
sition on his side of the House.
Cannon said he was in favor of the
building of the canal, but he thought
there should be a. place to put the canal
before it was 'authorized. As this was a
request for consideration, however, ho
would not object, and the order for con
sideration of the bill was made.
At 1:45 o'clock the House adjourned un
til January 6. 1902.
KTIGHTS TEMPLAR WILL
OBSERVE CHRISTMAS DAY
California and Golden Gate Com
manderies Will Toast Grand
Master of United States.
California Commandery No. 1, Knights
Templar, has Issued invitations for the
observance of Christmas day next
"Wednesday morning at 9 o'clock. The
occasion wilf be observed by California
No. 1 and Golden Gate No. 16 in. the asy
lum ot Golden Gate Commandery, 623
Sutter street.
The hour selected for the ceremony cor
responds with 12 o'clock noon. Eastern
time, when the grand master of the
United States will be toasted by all the
commanderies under his jurisdiction.
The programme includes addresses by
M. B. Sir R. H. Uoyd. R. E. Sir George
B. llcKee. E. Sir Carroll Cook.«E. Sir J.
C. Campbell. Sir Knight Samuel M. Short
ridge and Sir Knight James G. Gordon.
There will be an intermission, during
which refreshments will be served. The
programme follows:
"Invocation," Sir Knight P. D. Code, pre
late of Golden Gate No. 16; "The Lord's
Prayer," Templar choir; "The Grand Master's
Toast." response by Most Eminent Sir Reuben
H. Lloyd, past grand master; "The Grand Com
mandei-y." response by Right Eminent Sir
George B. McKee. grand commander: "Noel,"
/Templar choir: "California. Commandery Xo.
ll " response by Eminent Sir Carroll Cook;
Sextet," Templar choir; "Templar Masonry,"
response by Eminent Sir J. C. Campbell:
"Nazareth," Templar choir; "Glad Tidlngi."
response by Sir Knight Samuel M. Shortridge:
"Holy Kight.V Templar choir; "Benediction."
Sir Knight James G. Gordon, - prelate of Cali
fornia Coromandery >«"o. 1. • .
\if mt^ R U H OH >JK
*tfr0* -ft Jjk «a» £LfL frT*
has become the
standard, be-
cause it is a real
food—a food that
s feeds.
W> It costs you nothing — cur both,
**:. ** MeUm's Food Babies**
Mellin'x Food Co.. Boston, Mais.
MARCONI MAKES
BIG PREDICTION
Says Messages "Will Be
Sent to England for'
a Cent a Word.
Inventor Speaks at a Lunch
of Benefits of Wire
less Telegraphy.
Special DiFnatch to The Call
ST. JOHNS, N. F., Dec. 19.— Wireless
messages to England at the rate of gnc
cent a word or less were predicted* by
Marconi at a luncheon given in his honor
by his Excellency, Governor Sir Candish
Boyle, to-day. In responding to a toast
lo his health proposed by the Governor,
Marconi said:
I with to thank his Excellency moat heartily
for the very kind remarks he lias rpade about
myself and my work. ■ Although 1 have vis
ited many countries, I am quite convinced that
nowhere have I received greater assistance and
encouragement than in this colony.
If my system can be commercially estab
lished between the different parts of the earth,
a possibility of which. I may state I have' not
the slightest doubt, it would not fail to bring
about an enormous cheapening of the methods
of communication.
At present the existing system of submarine
cables fulfills that object to a large extent,
but the creat cost of the cables themselves and
their heavy workine expenses causes the
charges to be beyond the reach of the majority
of the people inhabiting the various countries.
But could this new, method be anolied I be
lieve the cost of what we now call •"cableing"
to England might be reduced at least twenty
fold.
The present rates are, if 1 1 am not mistaken.
25 cents a word. Eventually with a wireless
system the cost should be reduced to one cent
a word or less.
1 have spoken of the benefit wireless teleg
raphy may prove to the different nations of th<>
world, but as I am at least half a Britisher,
I wish to emphasize with all respect that to
the British empire it has quite a special im
portance, as it will facilitate the methods of
communication between the mother country
and her great • colonies beyond the seas, and it
cannot result but in still more firmly cement
ins that bond of unity and common cause In
the interest of civilization of which the em
pire has eiven such splendid examples to the
world during the anxious times of the last
two or three yeajs.
Gentlemen, this colony was the first In which
a messasre was received by cable from across
the ocean, and I am glad to oay it has equally
been the first to receive a message across the
same ocean without a cable. It !s my sin
cere wish that if there is anything useful In
my method this country should not be last or
least in participating of its benefits.
Revives Grade of Vies Admiral.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 19.— A bill was In
troduced in the Senate to-day by Penrose
reviving, the grade of vice admiral of the
navy and promoting Admirals Sampson
and Schley and Captain Clark to that
rank.
GENERAL CASTRO
BACK IN PANAMA
Reports That the Rebels
Have Fled to the
Mountains.
COLON, Colombia,, Dec. 19.— General
Castro and his staff returned to Panama
from Penonome this morning. They saw
no insurgents in that direction, the latter
having fled. General Castro reports that
the insurgents have established their
headquarters on La Negrita Mountain,
near Penonome. The Government will
send reinforcements and cannon to sur
round and capture them. -
The Government gunboat General Pin
zon left here to-day for Code, bearing
forty more soldiers.
A prominent Liberal lawyer of Panama
was heavily fined yesterday for circulating
false news of the insurrection.
General Carlos Alban, the military com
mander of this district, is gathering data
and information concerning Nicaragua.
He has caused a new and large map of
Nicaragua to be placed in his office.
A DELIGHTFUL OPEBA
ADMIRABLY RENDERED
St. Dominic's Junior Choir and
Choral Union Appear in "The
Bohemian Girl."
Many a professional opera * company
with something of a reputation might
with reason envy some of the stage work
of the sprightly and intelligent young
members of the St. Dominic's Junior
Choir and Choral Union which last night
not only managed to surprise its friends,
but also many an old-time «;>era-goer.
The youngsters had been carefully and
wonderfullv prepared and rehearsed by
Father J. S. Jones, O. P., in that beauti
ful opera of Balfe's, "The Bohemian
Girl." and it is really marvelous how re
markably even the exquisite music of the
great master and originator of English
opera waa. rendere,d. No mistakes, no
waiting, no effort, but every number
given in perfect manner and with a rare
intelligence which says a great deal for
the reverend tutor as well as for the
clever children under his musical direc
tion. ■
The audience packed Franklin Hall lit
erally from floor to celling, ai.d vocifer
ously applauded that child-wonder, Al
bertina Meyerhoffer, a youngster of but
5 years, but with the intelligence of a
prima donna. The house •■ went frenzied
over the bright little tot, who took up the
encores and repeated not only Balfe's
songs, but danced to the wonderment of
all. The rest of the children v.ho took
part in the admirable presentation of the
opera were: Margaret Olsen, in the role
of Count Arnhelm; Kathryn Barry,.Thad
deus; Kathleen Roche, Florensteln; Miss
Dolly Roche, Devilshoof; Frances Crowe,
captain of the guard; Birdie McKeon,
oftlcer of the guard; Edna Walsh, Arline,
and May Bird, Queen of the Gypsies.
The accompanists were Gertrude Hopkins
and Daisy Roche. Father Jones directed
the opera-
There was a large attendance of clergy,
including Fathers Hickey, S. J.; Butler,
Maximilian, O. S. F.; Kerly, Clancy,
O'Neii, Newell, O'Connor, Riley of Beni
cla, Barragan, Johns, Doogan of Vallejo,
lirothers Hosea, Zenopha and Gregory..
The entertainment was given for the
benefit of St. Dominic's Sunday school
and Christmas tree festival.
BACON FI^CE BIXXZKABE
CASE IN CIRCUIT COURT
The morning session of the United
States Circuit Court was occupied yester
day in hearing arguments on a v motion
for a restraining order to prevent Chief
of Police Wlttman from continuing the
blockade on Bacon place. H. Ach made
the argument on behalf of Marie Paris,
cne of the inmates of the blind alley, who
alleged that the blockade was ruining her
business.
After Mr. Ach had talked about an hour
and a half he discovered that Judge
Morrow had not been convinced, \ and
therefore moved that the application for
a 'restraining order be dismissed without
prejudice. The motion was granted, and
Chief Wf ttman and Lieutenant Martin
departed in smiles.
Marie Paris, who says she conducts a
boarding-house at 47, 49 and 51 Bacon
place, has sought to have Chief Wittman
restrained from blockading: that cul , de
Licensed to Marry.
OAKLAND, Dec. 19. — Licenses to marry
were Issued to-day to James H. Robison,
aged over 21 years, and Kmily Z. Evans,
over 18, both of Oakland; John D. Men
dorca, 33, and Rose A. Andrade, 19, both
<if Sunol.
.TJtlE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 20, 1901.
SUPREME CHANCELLOR 0.H. FETHERS,
KNIGHTS OF PYTHIAS, IS IN THE CITY
He Conies to Familiarize Himself With the Work of Preparation for the
Supreme Convention to Be Held in San Francisco Next August—Gen
eral Committee Is Advertising California in All Parts of Supreme Domain
A - 3 UPREME CHANCELLOR OG-
Cj DEN H. FETHERS, the highest
official of the order of Knights
of Pythias, arrived in this city
last Wednesday night from Janes
ville, Wis., in company with his wife.
They became the guests of Alvinza Hay r
ward in his beautiful home in San Mateo,
Mr. Fethers comes to this coast on a
tour of business for the order and for
pleasure. The business of the visitor is
to look into the arrangements that are
being made by the Knights of the do
ir.ain of California in the matter of the
holding of the next Supreme Ixidge ses
sion in this city. It convenes next Au
gust..
California, through its committee at tha
Supreme Lodge session last held, succeed
ed in securing the convention for San
Francisco, and the Pythian week will be
a great event in the fraternal line. Re
ports to the general committee that has
the matter in hand show that the lodges
of this domain are working actively for
the success of the session and they will
make it rfin event that will gain golden
opinions for the California Knights.
There has been unusual activity in all
branches of the order and a remarkable
gain in membership.
More Companies Mustered In
There has also been unusual activity in
the Uniform Rank of the organization,
for a dozen or more companies have been
mustered in. In addition, to the session
of the Knights there will be an encamp
ment of the regiments from every State
of the Uniform Rank, which is the mili
tary branch of the Knights. From re
ports that have been received in this city
from the different domains it is expected
that there will be at least 50,000 Knights
in this cHy during the Pythian week, and
as the general committee will receive ex
tremely favorable rates for members and
their friends it is. thought that at least
40,000 friends and relatives of members
will take advantage of the opportunity
to visit California, and particularly the
city by the Golden Gate. The general
committee has had several conference*
with the Merchants' Association and it
has the assurance of substantial assist
ance. In return for this assistance the
general committee is advertising the State
of California in all parts of the supreme
domain, having 1 sent out speakers who
are now, as they have been for the last
three months, addressing public meetings
in the interest of California. These speak
ers are also distributing literature on the
s&me subject. The latest person sent, out
on the California mission is Past Grand
Chancellor Charles L. Patton, who left
last week for the East and who on his
tour will talk up Pythlanism and Cali
fornia in Chicago, Washington, Boston,
Philadelphia, Cleveland and a number of
other large' citie3. •
Supreme Chancellor Well Pleased.
Supreme Chancellor Fethers has ex
pressed himself as well pleased with the
work of the California Knights so far,
and he will during his stay in this vicin
ity familiarize himself with all that is
to be done. He said yesterday, that he
LIFE IS SLOWLY
REACHING AN END
Physicians Give Up All
Hope for John J.
Valentine.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,'
1118 Broadway, Dec. 19.
The alarming condition of John J, Val
entine, president of Wells, Fargo & Co.'a
express, caused by his serious relapse of
Sunday, shows a change , for the worse.
The attending physician, Dr. A. Llllen
crantz, announced to-night that the pa
tient was rapidly sinking and that the end
was not far away. ~ ■ .
President Valentine's family has been
informed^ of the 1 ' exact situation concerning
the critical stage of the case.
Every possible resource of medical sci
ence has been invoked to prolong the sick
man's life In the hope there might be an
Improvement that would give Mr. Valen
tine a fresh hold. So far during the last
setback there has not been a single hope
ful symptom. Instead each day notes a
diminishing of strength and a gradual
fading away.- -
'Dr. Liliencrantz and hia son, Dr. Guy
LUlencrantz, who has been associated
with his father In the case, offer no en
couragement whatever that the patient
will loner survive.
Dr. A. Liliencrantz said at a. late hour
to-night:
"Mr- Valentine is slowly sinking. He
Is very low Indeed to-night and the end
will come in a very short time. Air that
can be definitely stated with relation to
Mr. Valentine's - condition Is that life is
gradually ebbing. ■
"The family has understood for som»
time that his condition was slowly reach
ing the critical stage and that there was
no hope for his ultimate recovery." "
Smart Wanted. by Police.
Ed Campion, agent for Collier's Weekly,
secured a warrant from Judge Fritz yes
terday for the arrest of Harry F. Smart
on Oie charge : of misdemeanor embezzle
ment. He says that Smart was recently
discharged by him and since then he has
been collecting 'money by representing
himself as still in Campion's employment.
THE SUPREME HEAD OF THE KNIGHTS OF PYTHIAS, WHO IS VIS
ITING SAN FRANCISCO, AND A PROMINENT MASON WHO HAS
BEEN RAISED TO A HIGH OFFICE.
feels that the coming session will be the
largest and the most successful fraternal
gathering that San Francisco can boast
of. During the session in Detroit there
were at least 130,000 Knights and stran
gers in that city, and he was at a loss
to understand why there should not be a
greater number in this city. He expects
Y> 000 members of the Uniform , Rank at
that time. The general committee :s.
somewhat conservative as to the possible
number, but the supreme chancellor :s
sanguine and thinks the estimate of the
committee is too low. To-morrow night
he will be the guest of the^Past Chan
cellors' Association of San Francisco at
a banauet to be" tendered him in one of
the prominent rotisseries, and on the fol
lowing Monday heVill be tendered a re
ception in Pythian Castle by all of ■ the
local lodges. At each of these functions
he will be accompanied by Grand Chan
cellor Ia S. Calkins of Nevada City and
ALLEGED RIOTERS
SECURE FREEDOM
Jury Acquits Four Men
Arrested Durjng Re
cent Strike.
The trial of William Duggan; John Sco
ble. William Tate and Ward Miller,
charged with rioting in connection with
the recent strike, came to a close in Judge
Fritz's court last night. After being out
for over an hour the jury returned a ver
dict finding. Scoble and* Duggan innocent,
but Called to agree on the cases of Tate
and Miller. When questioned by the court
the foreman announced that the. fate of
Miller and Tate was undecided,' the jury
standing eleven for acquittal and one for
conviction. Judge Fritz promptly ordered
that another ballot be taken, and when
the jury returned a few minutes later the
foreman announced that a verdict of not
guilty had been reached. The court then
discharged the four defendants, and [as
they filed out of the courtroom they were
warmly 'congratulated by their friends,
who were standing outside patiently wait
ing for the verdict. - s
The alleged rioters were defended by
Archle Campbell, while Attorney Joe Cof
fey had charge of the prosecution. All
the defendants positively denied that they
participated in the riot. They claimed
that they were attracted to the scene by
the shooting ' and while trying tb i ascer
tain whether or not any of .' their* friends
had been shot they were placed under ar
rest and charged with rioting.
Lee Is Acquitted.
- The case of Charles Lee, charged with
grand larceny by ' Mrs. ; Lizzie D wyeir, 36
Stockton street, who alleged that on the
night of October 16 last he stole from her
diamonds and money to - the amount of
several thousand dollars,' was dismissed
by Judge Fritz yesterday. The Judge said
there was no evidence whatever against
hee. " ':"' ; „.•: : . '■ . • ■ ■ ■', ■■ ;. (.- . ■' . ■
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
DOMESTIC PORT.
, ASTORIA— Sailed Dec 10— Schr North '. Bend,
for San Francisco; atmr San Pedro, for San
Francisco. , y ..."
Herman Schaffner, grand keeper of rec
ords and seal. . . ,
On the 26th inst. Mr. and Mrs. Fethers
will leave for the Hawaiian Islands, stop
ping at Honolulu, where there are five
lodges of the order. They will return
about January 20. »,
Congratulate High. Priest.
John Bennett, who has been elected to
the office of high priest of the California
Chapter of the Royal Arch Masons, has,
since his election, been freely congratu
lated by his friends upon his success. Mr.
Bennett is very prominent in the Masonic
fraternity and has held: a number of of
fices, which he has filled with satisfaction
to those over whom he presided and with
honor and credit to himself. He. with the
other elected officers, and those who are
to 1111 the appointive offices, will be in
stalled in the Masonic Temple on the
night of the 7th of January.
VALLEJO FOLK
SEE A "WONDER"
Casual Entertainer Puz
zles People of Solano
Town.
Special j Dispatch to The Call,
" VALLEJO, Dec. 19.— Five hundred per
sons at the Farragut Theater apparently
were hypnotized last night by an enter
tainer who said he was a "wonder" from
Australia.' He probably was, and the
people have not yet stopped trying to fig
ure out how it -happened. - i
Seventeen persons in the audience con
sented to give tive dollars each "for noth
ing,", six gave ten dollar gold pieces and
*a dozen gave two silver dollars each.
They were told emphatically . that he
wanted 'their money "for nothing." The
audience wanted money "for nothing"
also, and, on seeing confederates receive
ten dollar presents in return for single
dollars, they snapped at anything he of
fered, expecting a golden harvest at the
final distribution. .
When this distribution came the "won
der" presented each man who gave him
money a check with the , words: - "Two
Dollars for Nothing" . and "Five Dollars
for, Nothing." Those who put up ten dol
lars got cigars instead of a check. A num
ber of the victims went to the stage to
interview the : "wonder," but he held them
back at the point of 'a pistol. He left the
hall before daybreak.
Pitches Winning Ball.
LOS ANGELES, Deci 19.— "Rube" Wad
dell toyed with the Los Angeles' batters
to-day, while the All-Americas toyed with
Hale's curves," the net result being a score
of 11 to 2 in favor of the Easterners. | In
but one Inning, the third, did the locals
connect with the ball served up by Wa-J
dell. when a base on balls and two kits,
enabled them: to score ■ their only runs.
Hemphill secured, three x of- the hits made
Off Waddell. Although Waddell has signe-1
a contract to pitch for Morley's team next
season,' few persona take* his, action seri
ously. ' - ■ : ■/ *
, MALLiON ESTATE . APPRAISED.— The es
tate of the late Joseph B. Mallon has been ap
praised at f78,450 58. It consists of $10,350 58
cash, stocks, bonds and promissory notes worth
1 85. 700. : and real ' estate valued at ' $2400.
GOVERNOR TAFT
TO SUCCEED HAY
President Tenders Him
Portfolio of • Secre
■ -
tary x>f State.
Treasury Secretary Gage De
cides to Retire From
the Cabinet.
WICHITA, Kans., Dec. 19.— Word from
a Cincinnati resident, who is in a posi
tion to have absolutely reliable informa
tion upon the subject, was received here
to-day to the effect that Governor Wil
liam-H. Taft of the Philippines has been
tendered the portfolio of Secretary of
State by President Roosevelt and that the
real reason for the return of the Governor
to this country is to confer with the Pres
ident upon the subject,
"I have known of this fact for some
time," the Informant says. "I was first
informed of it a few weeks after Presi
dent McKinley's death. As soon as I had
read in the dispatches that the Governor
was about to return because of his fail
ing health, I was convinced that the real
purpose was to have a verbal conference
with the President regarding the Secre
taryship. Governor Taft is an able man
and the time that he has spent in the
Philippines has enabled him to become
thoroughly familiar with the situation
there, which fact will make him an in
valuable acquisition to the Roosevelt Cab
inet. President Roosevelt has on a num
ber of occasions expressed his high re
gard for Governor Taft and the able man
ner in which he disposed of some intri
cate Philippine problems. While the fact
that he has been offered the portfolio .it
this time may be news, nevertheless his
friends and those who are in a position
to know are not at all surprised at the
announcement."
WASHINGTON, Dec. 19.— Secretary
Gage has arranged to follow Charles Em
ery Smith and retire • from the Cabinet.
He will resign some time in January and
be succeeded by an- Eastern man, proba
bly from New England. Gage was anx
ious to remain in the Cabinet until he
learned the President had financial views
of his own and was considering the
names of several other men for the place,
but without any immediate intention of
making a change. ■ - -
Gage took the hint and expressed his
readiness to resign. , The President did
not urge him to remain, though he sought
to show Gage that he held him in high
esteem and felt under obligations to him
for continuing in the Cabinet through th^j
early and trying days of his administra
tion. It is said by his .friends that Gage
has made new- business connections in
Chicago and will make that city his home.
DARING ROBBER
HOLDS UP BANK
Makes a Good Haul and
Quickly Disappears
in a Buggy.
FAYETTEVILL.E, Ark., '.Dec. 19.— At
noon to-day "the Bank of Springvale, ten
miles from here, was robbed by one man.
No one was in the bank except the assist
ant cashier. The robber drove up to the
bank door in- a buggy and walked to the
cashier's desk before he was noticed. He,
compelled the assistant cashier to go to
the vault and give him all the money,
about $7000. While this was taking place
the cashier walked into the bank. He was
at .once covered by the" robber's revolver
and compelled to throw up his hands. The
robber then* hurriedly left the bank,
dropping $1000 upon the sidewalk. He
jumped into a buggy and drove rapidly
north. Officers were in pursuit before he
was fairly out of town. Two miles out
the officers came in sight of him and he
jumped from the buggy and made his way
to a thickly wooded mountain. Blood
hounds have been put on his track.
ANNOUNCES I/ECTTXRE ON
FOREST PRESERVATION
Professor "Wilson Will Speak in the
Maple Boom on Results of
Investigation.
In order that the people of the State
may thoroughly understand the results of
the Investigations conducted by the Cali
fornia Water and Forest Association into
the advantages of irrigation. Professor J.
W. Wilson will deliver an address on the
results of the Irrigation investments at
the Maple Room of the Palace Hotel to
night. The lecture will be illustrated by
lantern slides. In addition S. E. Kiefer
of the Department of Forestry will give
an address on the extent of the destruc
tion of our ' forests and the remedies
therefor. ,
A. general invitation 'to the public has
been issued. The subject is one of vast
importance to the State and to all the
great western region. Congress will be
asked during the present session to en
act legislation that will assist in the re
clamation of arid lands. The lectures will
serve, it! is hoped, as an object lesson for
those whose interests and welfare depend
greatly upon the development of a law
regulating the preservation of forests and
the storage of waters. The lecture will
be free to the public.
TWO JANITORS ARRESTED
POR FALSE SWEARING
.C. Rentin and B. A. Anderson, janitors
in the Mills building, were arrested yes
terday on complaint of William Wescott,
manager of .the Shipowners' Association,
on a charge of making a false oath rela
tive to the naturalization of Andrew Paul
sen, an alien. • "
The prosecution alleges that Paulsen.
who is a Dane, had served as mate and
master on British vessels until 1899. Then
he landed and "declared his intention" in
1899. After residing in this State only two
years he applied for naturalization papers
in the Superior Court and brought for
ward the defendants as his witnesses.
They swore that they, had known him as
a resident of this State for five year3 im
mediately prior to his application for nat
uralization papers.
The prisoners were taken before United
States Commissioner Heacock and were
released on their own recognizance.
LABORER SUES FOR DAMAGES.—Glovan
villa, a laborer, who was injured by being
struck by an elevator In a building in course
of construction at the corner of Mason and
O'Farrell streets, is suing: Sidney Walker, who
Is erecting the building, for $50,100 damages.
MEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
PROMINENT PEOPLE
Testify to the Efficacy of the New
Scientific Dandruff Treatment.
A. E. Lanier, Denver, says: "Herpicide
has made my hair grow rapidly." ..
Mrs. A. Guerin, Great Falls, Mont,
says: "I find Herpicide an excellent dan-
druff cure." , •
H. Greenland, Portland, Ore., says:
"Ifewbro's Herpicide stopped my hair
falling out."
J. ' D. Israel, Dayton. Wash., says:
"Herpicide has completely cured my dan-
druff."
Charles Brown, president First National
Bank, Vancouver, Wash., says: "Herpi-
cide is I excellent for keeping the scalp
clean."
TAKE THE LIVES
OF OLD COUPLE
Unknown Murderers
Kill Husband and
Wife.
Officers Unable to Find Any
Clew to Identity of the
Assassins.
PARSONS. Kan., Dec. 13.— One of th»
worst crimes since the Bender atrocities
was brought to light here this afternoon
when the* lifeless and distorted bojdles of
Colonel John F. Bull and wife were found
in the bedroom of their new home In this
city.* They had undoubtedly been mur
dered. The officers have not succeeded In
finding the faintest claw that "will aid
them in arresting the criminals.
Yesterday G. S. Anderson, a real estate
man, desired to transact some business
with Eull and went to his house for that
purpose. He could not gain admittance.
He returned to-day, and agin not being
able to rouse anybody he decided that
something was wrong. In company with
Marshal Bennett he then forced an en
trance to the house.
Mrs. Bull's body was found lying across
the bed with what appeared to be a knife
wound below the right breast. The body
of Colonel Bull was found in another part
of the room, resting on its knees. The
faces of both were badly distorted.
Colonel Bull, was a wealthy real estate
man and an old soldier, naving served
through the war in an Ohio regiment.
MAYOR PHELAN MUST
HELP SATISFY JUDGMENT
Judge Long Gives Decision Against
Directors of the Horse Sho^r
Association.
Justice of the P_eace Long gave judg
ment yesterday in favor of Joseph Castor,
who sued the directors of the Horse Show
Association of the Pacific Coast for ma
terial and labor furnished at the special
instance of the defendants. Mayor Pho
lan was cne of the defendants In the suit
and will pay $148 38 as his portion to sat
isfy the judgment, besides $7 75 for costs.
The other directors and the amounts
which they will pay on the judgment fol
low:
Robert F. Morrow. $74 19; E. "W. Hopkins,
$14S :«*; William Babcock, $148 38; J. A. Dono
hoe. $14S C.S: Charles H. Crocker, $156; A. E.
Buckman. |28; William Alvord. ?98 92.
Some of the directors of the association
escaped judgment on the defense that tha
articles, of incorporation were amended
so as to enlarge the scope of the associa
tion, and they did not agree to the amend
ments.
Alexander Brothers Rearrested.
The charge against Joseph and Georga
Alexander for smuggling silk- hats and
other articles from the steamship Doric
was dismissed yesterday by United States
Court Commissioner Heacock. The court
held that as the defendants were not pas
sengers they could not have been guilty
of smuggling, and suggested that the evi
dence showed them to have been guilty of
aiding and abetting in the removal and
concealment of smuggled goods. In ac
cordance with the Commissioner's sugges
tion new complaints were prepared, new
warrants issued and the defendants rear
rested.
Ruef Elected Attorney.
At a special meeting yesterday of th«
California Liquor Dealers' Association,
San Francisco No. 1, K. L«. Wagner pro
siding, A. Ruef was elected attorney for
the association. The attendance waa ex
ceptionally large.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Pianos
REDUCED PRICES.
A few of the 28 instruments
used by GRAU OPERA CO.
artists still on hand.
These, together with our
immense stock of 100 other
Pianos, will be offered for sale
until Xmas at
BIG REDUCTIONS.
CLARK WISE & CO.,
41 GEARY STREET,
Cor. Grant Ave.
«ili»'.'«- .'ii-*'J^. f Weber Pianos.
SOLE AGENCY : \ Martin Guitars.
[Stella Music Boxes.
When Prof. Man yon says his DympeimJm Cor* :
will cure indigestion and all forms of stomach
trouble he simply tells the truth. It will euro a
stomach that has been abused by over-eating and
over-drinking. It will cure a stomach that has
been weakened by old-style drugs. It will do much
toward making an eld stomach act libs a sound one.
At all drujfgists ascents. Fifty -six other cures. •
Munyn, New York and Philadelphia.
HUJITOS^ "^AliEK CUEES CAT1BKH.
$1000 Reward
IP WE FAII* TO DO AS WE AGREE. 3PE-
clalista for men. As many physicians and
others have inquired regarding our ORIGINAL
NEW METHOD of treatment for all trouble*,
we have decided to demonstrate by sending to
all who may desire A FREE TRIAL. TREAT-
MENT UNTIL JANtART 1ST. State ca»
plainly and receive plain package by mail.
DR. WILLIAMS & CO., 14Q Qeary at.
COKE! COKE! COKE!
p. a. McDonald,
813 FOL.SOM STREET. »
San Francisco Gas Coke for sale to families
and to the trade at reduced rates.
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
w'sTjir GREAT RESTORATIVE. INVIGORA-
1 tor and Nervine. KBP4NP*M
Tha most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for the Sexual Organ*, for both sexs*.
The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of the KliJ-
neys and Bladder. Sells on Us own merit*.
NABER. ALFS & BRUNE, Asent* -
123 Market at. S. F.— (Send for Clrcul«j*)
910
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco'
Call, corner of Market and Third streets: open
until 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICKS — 027 Montgomery street,
corner i'\ay. opsn until 9:30 p. m.
::cu Hayes street; open until 0:30 p. m. "
«.s» McAllister street; op^-n until 9:30 p. m. •>
!US Larkin street; open until l»:30 p. ro.
1041 Mission street; ov>en until 10 p. m.
2-Til Market street, corner Sixteenth: open
until S i>. m.
]O«; Eleventh street; open until 9 p. m.
301H! Valencia street; open until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky streets: open until 9 p. m.
2200 Flllmore gtreet; open until 9 p. m.
MEETING NOTICES.
GOLDEN GATE Lodge No. 30. F. and m
A. M.— Called meeting THIS {FRI- ,-_?*_,
DAY) EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. jSLJZ
Third degree. By order of the W. M. ' >» '
EDWIN L. MEYER., Secretary.
AIOLI.O Lodge No. 123. I. O. O. «jO^
F.— Initiation THIS (FRIDAY)
NIGHT December 20. Memorial -^SWSF
Hall. 8 o'clock. Every member is '•"""
expected to be present, as Brother H. D.
SAVILLE. V. G.. D. D. G. M. of District No.
S5 will officially exemplify the secret work.
FRANK V. COX. Noble Grand.
W. F. NORCUOSS. Recording Secretary.
GOLDEN Citj- Lodee No. 63. K. of P., ;ac
meets THIS < FRIDAY) " EVENING. j£*>
nt S o'clock. Second rank. Knights in £*_**£
pood ftanding are cordially invited. <&__9-_3
13y order of the lodge.
GEO. THOMSON, K. of R. and S.
EAX FRANCISCO T«nt No. 18, K. .<— »w
O. T. M.— Review THIS (FRIDAY) /g5?3&
EVENING at S o'clock. Pioneer P/JtJEfa
Hall. 24 Fourth st. *5f<^^_» (
H. H. CASTLE.
Record Keeper. '"■ .'
KEGCLAR meeting of the Cale- A ■%»■ _»_
dor.lon Club THIS EVENING, at 3, Qd>l \
$ o'clock. Scottish Hall, 117 Lar- >^XJ_*
a A M. MACPHERSON, Chief.
JAS. H. DUNCAN. Sec. '
THE annual meeting of the stockholders of The
Nevada National Bank of San Francisco,
Cal.. will be held at its banking-house, SOI
Mortcromery Et.. San Francisco, Cal.. on
TUESDAY. January 14, 1902. at 3:15 o'clock
p. m.. for the election of directors to Eerve
lor the ensuing year and the* transaction of
such other business as may come before the
meeting. GEORGE GRANT. Secretary.
San Francisco, December 13, 1901.
NOTICE to stockholders of Honolulu Planta-
tion Company — Notice is hereby given that tn
jiuieuance of a resolution of the Board of
Directors of the Honolulu Plantation Com-
pany, duly adopted at a meeting of said
board held on the 2Cth day of November, A.
D. 1S01. a Fpecial meeting of the stockhold-
ers of the Honolulu Plantation Company will
lie held en MONDAY, the 27th day of Janu ■
firy, A. D. 1S02. at the hour of 11 o'clock
a. "m. of that day. at the^fflce of the corpo-
ration. No. 227 Market st., in the city and
county of San Francisco. State of California,
the same beine the principal place of busi-
ness and the office of said corporation, and
<he buiidinc where the Board of Directors
usually meet, for the purpose of considering
end acting upon a proposition to create a
bonded indebtedness of said corporation to
the amount of one million two hundred and
fifty thousand (1.250.000) dollars, to the end
end for the purpose of providing means and
raising moneys to pay the existing: Indebted-
ness of said corporation and the Indebtedness
incurred and to be incurred in the develop-
nent cf its properties and the construction
ar.a coir>Dlction of Us works and improve-
ments, the purchase of machinery and the
acquisition of K-jch other property as may
be within the purposes and objects of said
enrr>°— itlon. Dated San Francis™. November
?n. ISfll. H. TV. THOMAS.
?•»■»•""• nt Honolulu Plantation Company.
ASPHALTUM ROOFINC.
CCTV^£PHXLTUM^6TT<S*Marke r t~st.— Roofs,
sidewalks, floors; cheap rates. Tel. Red 2332.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free: divorces a specialty; quick, quiet;
no charge without success; established Hi yrs.
Open evenings by appointment ;phoneJohn31Sl.
. G. \V. KOWE, S>50 Market St., cor. Stockton
ADVICE free: divorces private; bankruptcyjcol-
iections: attachments: mortgages :bil!s of sale:
partnerships; <leeds;wills drawn;fees low; open
«-«'s. THUKSTOK, lOOS^ Mkt.. r. 4. opp.Sth.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful. * W.
W. DAVIDSON, 927 Market st.. o^p. Mason.
L. S. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg.. i«?7 Mar-
ket «t.; consultation free: no fees in advance.
BICYCLES — For Sale or E_cha_Ke.
NEW bicycles for children, men and women:
!arg;et--t assortment on the Pacific Coast.
BAKER & HAMILTON. Pine and Market sts.
BOARDING KOR. CHILDREN.
AN experienced woman wants 1 or 2 children
to board. 012 Treat ave.. nr. Nineteenth st.
IIOOIO NEW ANO OLD.
FOR astrological, occult, metaphysical books
Co to 142a Market St.. S. F. '
BUSINESS CHANCES. ... ■ ',
"X^fyOo SALOON, about 20 feet from Call
building; rent *125; long lease; rarest
chance in the market. Call R. G. WILKE,
_:_% Kearny Et.
A— J1C00: PARTNER wanted in pork and deli-
catessen Etcre close to Market st. : good busi-
ness: only honest party need apply. Call R-
G. WILKE. 2CUi Kearny Et.
A— $1000; CORNER grocery and bar on Taylor
tt. ; rent 525; place establ. many years and
doing -. cood business: value in sight. Call
R. G. WILKE, -ti^ Kearny St.
A — ?aCO; CORNER saloon with 3 rooms; rent
$20; good business and finest locatioln in the
Mission. Call R. G. WILKE, 26*£ Kearny.
A — fCOO; COFFEE saloon and restaurant estab-
lished years; first-class paying; located close
to Chronicle bid?; bargain: call soon. R. G.
WILKE. -U',2 Kearny st.
A— tXO; RESTAURANT on Ellis eL doing _.
rushing und good paying business; rent only
$35: place easily clears $10U per month. R. G.
WILKE. 2C»^ Kearny St.
A — ?9C0; SALOON inducing S furnished rooms:
a eplendid paying business; lease; location
can't be beat: rare chance for any one. Call
R. G. W1LICE. 2<SJ± Kearny st.,*
A — $CO0; SALOON, Sansome Bt.; rent $25; very
choicest location end a good paying business.
For particulars. K. G. WILKE, SO^ Kearny.
A— J1000; CORNER saloon en Sixth st.; rent $60
net; good paying business; no better location
en Sixth st. Call It, G. WILKE, -Hi 1 ..
Kearry si.
CHRISTMAS BARGAINS.
ETENBERG & CO., 750 Market st.
Phone Black j-1'JI.
Buys and sells real ts:ate. furniture, lodging-
houses, restaurants, business chances. Phone
calls xiroir.j.tly answered.
Sr.'.'i — CIGAR store, est. 3IJ yrs.; living-room-.
£:jOO — Candy store, _llis st.; central location.
KTEXBERU & CO., 753 Market St.
BRANCH bakery produce delicatessen
Price only $550
Rent $15 3 living-rooms
I-'cr sale only by ETENBERG CO.. 751* Mrkt.
«;>50 — PARTNER wanted in the manufacturing
business: dean $100 to lino per month to
each Call 035 Market st.. room 14.
ICECREAM parlor and candy store doing a fine
busirt-**; m_u be sold; price $450; call and
935 Market St., room 14.
KEALY _ HENDERSON. pnone*Ja_es 277L
6 Eddy St., rooms IS and 19.
Hotels, restaurants, lodging-houses, grocery
etores. d(_r stores, ranches, oil lands, leases.
Money to loan on ar.y of the above.
?275 — BARBER shop, -i chairs, old stand, near
Market, on Cth st.; $_>»0, lodging-house, a
liarsain, 1<J rooms; near stand, ?500, $000;
drug more. S2000. DECKER. 921 Market.
A — FOR cigar stands that actually make monry
see C. L. HEDGES. 461-4C2 Parrott bldg.
PARTNER— Real estate, brokerage and insur-
ance; efetab. Cal. Bus. Assn. 805 "^ Market et.
PARTNER in old-established manufactory; re^
tail and wholf-rale; food store; stock will be
taken cost price. 257 Fourth et.
SALOON for sale; good location; dolng~flne
business; pood reasons for wishing to sell
Address box 2167. Call office.
FOR sale — Call newspaper route; 500 names*
easy if-rtiT- to bayrr. Inquire tot. Kate 2047.
f-i.Vj WILL buy old-established raloon on water
Jront; first -class paying business. 12 Jackson. ;
?I5»— RESTAURANT; n^ist be »cld;~well e»-
tah'.i?h«;d; Rood trade. Call 24<i Fourth si.
f2O0 — 8-CHAIR barber shop; sacrifice . for a
Quick saie. Call <>18 Sacramento tt.
A CLOSE con>oration. doing a wholesale and
manuiacturing business and well rated in
Liun's and Bradstreet's. requires a few thou-
.■-. n-l dollars additional capital; guarantees
k per cent;; will Probably earn So per cent-
Investments of $100 or over received. Box
WSiG/JMl
$ 1500 — WA N"T ED — Partner In . retail manu-
facturing business; will clear $150 each per
month: previous experience unnecessary
Pox 21 «4. Call. . *
CHICKEN and hog ranch for sale, with stock
Inquire of JOHN TIEDEMAN. Colma, San
Mateo County. Cal.
FOR rale — A first-class candy store, good biisi-
.ness and location, on account of Biclmess.
Apjily 304 O'Farrell, bet. Taylor and Masou.
ESTABLISHED fruit rtore, doing cash, busi-
ness: two tearrs; selling on account o£ ill
health. Box 2788, Call offlce.-
GROCERT and bar: a choice corner to-day at
a barenln. lS^x 2147. Call office.
CANDY etore end factory, with living room,
tor aale; account illness. 2474 Mission st.
BEST opportunity ever offered — Requiring from
$100 to $1000 for purchase of profitable busi-
ness located in Pacific Coast States, Phillp-
pines, China, Japan, Hawaiian Islands, Alas-
ka: guaranteed expenses to point of location.
Apply 20 O'Farrell et.. room -, between 10
a. m. ani 5 d. tru '
$5 WON $32 last week— Expert system; safest
and best devised; advisory bulletin Issued
daily. x Particulars National Turf Agency.
105 'Ellis st.
ROUTE for sale— A route on this paper, fv-
ply to W. L.. GARNER, 124 Myrtle st.,
Santa Cruz. Cal." ■ ' ■
FOR sale— A good planing mill in a lumber
yard; located in a growing town. Address
P. O. box 453. Healdsburg, Cal
FIRST-CLASS saloon with grocery, on account
/ of death. Inquire at 1C97 Folsom st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 109U
I Valencia st. v
LODGIXG-HOUSES FOR SALE.
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market St.
36 rooms; 2 entrances; clears $200 $2200
33 rooms; 2 fronts: clears $200.....:... 2000
■ 10 rooms; downtown; clears $S>0 700
30 rooms: elegant; owner sick 2200
; 24 rooms; near Powell and Geary 21 00
44 rooms ; fine yard 3000
20 rooms; on Kearny 1400
18 rooms; rent 450; sickness 1-50
18 rooms ; sunny corner 1000
10 rooms ; downtown 700
22 rooms; transient; Clears $150 1250
2ti rooms ; on Kearny 1400
23 rooms; clears $100 950
1W) rooms; clears $400 6000
; CO rooms; clears $350 3600
54-room corner house 4000
10 rooms; on Eddy ft 850
18 rooms; on Third st -. 850
24. rooms; _ fronts; clears $200 1000
33 rooms; best in the city '-000
CO rooms; sure to clear $300 3600
..MONEY TO LOAN AT LOWEST RATE..
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market; phone Mint 70C.
A — Near the Call Building.
Telephone Black 1-8-0-3,
MARION GRIFFIN. 719 Market st..rms. T-2.
Money to loan on lodging-
houses or on real estate.
9 r. ; resoectable: installments; central — .?250
10 r. ; installments; respectable; house full. 300
28 r.; installments; permanent and tran-
sient; rent $00; clears $'J0 mo.; bargain.. 600
14 r. ;bo_rding-house; income $15'J over rent;
brand new; part cash, part In payments. 1300
15r.;one floor ;sunny;swel! location; strictly „
lst-class: fp]endid surroundings ;porcelain
baths; marble steps; steady roomers;
clears $58 per mo. ;leaving city;part cash. 1300
SS r.: a central, fashionable family hotel;
elegant furnishings; full; clears $175.
46 r. ; Sutter St.; fine; clears $217 a month.
20 r.; Installments; clears $80 mo. over rent. 1000
24 r. ; rent tVi; installments; clears $03 900
SO r. ; fine, sunny corner house; bargain.. ..2000
DO YOU WANT A LODGING-HOUSE?
IF SO
SEE
WINSTON & WOLF, 102C MARKET ST.
(THE RELIA3LE AGENTS.)
7 r.; brand new; G. G. ave.; part cash. $550
11 r.; corner; offices; part cash; $10 monthly.
15 r.; corner; near Powell st $900
17 r.; rent $30; reduced to 450
20 r. ; brand new furniture; modern bldg.
20 r. ; must sell; make offer; see this!
28 r. ; apartment house; corner $2500
18 r.; rent only $50; payments 850
C5 r. ; finest corner In city; we have it. >
A. CAMERON & CO..
850 Market st. and 8 Stockton st
Rooms 21. 22 and 23. Phone Bush 328.
See our list of bargains.
62 r.; low rent: best house In city; never
changed hands; income $600; Investigate.
53 r.; total expenses $175; apartments $3250
36 r.; rent $140; first-class room, house.. 3250
33 r.; rent $150; part offices: good house.. 1S00
26 r.; rent $30; clears $100; good fur 1800
17 r. ; rent $45: cor.; oak fur.; clears $100. 830
11 r.; Jones residence: nice home 050
7 r.; rent $45; modern flat; reduced 375
A FEW SAMPLES OF OUR LARGE LIST.
Any of the following on monthly payments:
S rooms: well furnished $ 400
X\ rooms: errand transient location 2200
25 rooms; good location: clears $150 1200
10 rooms; corner; part cash 1000
28 rooms; clears $G0: payments 400
09 rooms: grand corner; clears $600 5500
CALL. WE CAN SUIT YOU.
IS rooms: rf-sr^ctable; clears $90 1500
f^O rooms: Rood location: money maker.. 750
MONEY LOANED PHONE JOHN 531
A. H. RETSLOFF, 90G Market st.
McBUIDE & CO.. 7C5 Market St.. rooms 1 and
2 — Workingmen's houses, 32 rooms $400, 100
rooms S150O. 120 rooms $2000, all full and
money-makers: transient. 23 rooms, all light,
near Market, £1850; must sell. 22 front rooms,'
Kearny st.. $1800; good houses: 50 more
houses. Call and investigate and if suited
make an offer.
SPECIAL BARGAINS. ~ ~
Lodging-houses. Lod^ins-hou-es.
CLEAR TITLE. .
Money to loan at lowest Interest.
SEE LIST 200 HOUSES.
BRANDON BROS.. 993 Market, rooms 1-2.
J2000 — 44-ROOM lodeing-house; all newly fur-
nished: situated on very busy corner: 10 bay-
windows;, reason, owner Is sick; we have also
, f>0 others! see us before you buy. MILES &
CO.. 927 Market et./ room 208.
A — NOTICE — We have rooming-houses, all
sizes and prices, in all parts of the city; get
our lift first. MITCHELL & CO.. 1206 Markt.
, SPIRITUALISM.
A — C. V. MILLER, world's famous materializ-
ing medium; spirits speak face to face; seance
Tues.. Fri.. Sun.. 8 p. m. : 50c. 10S4 Bush st.
BROCKWAT, 1052 Ellis, bet. Franklin and
Gcugh; phone Larkin 1C8G — Seances Sun.,
Tues., Thurs., S:15p.m. ; 25c; readings, 10 to 5.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, bus. medium;
life reader; medical, clairvoyant: sittings, $1;
letter, $2. 11G4 O'Farrell St.; Ellis car.
A— PROF. GEE, 10S Sixth St.; satisfactory
readings. 50c. $1: circle every night. JOc.
MRS. HARLAND'S circle to-night; also Sun.;
articles. read. 10c: readings, 50c, $1. 132 (ith.
MME. THYEE. removed 093 Market: all receive
te£ts Sun.. Tues.. Thurs.. 8 p. m.: priv. read.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllister— Mrs. C.J.
Meyer: sittings dally: test to all to-night, 10c.
CLAIRVOVAXTS.
ONE DOLLAR! ONE DOLLAR!
CLAIRVOYANT— PALMIST.
SIR HENRY PRICHARD.
Direct from Hotel Cecil. London.
Have a psychic or palmistry reading and
know thy future and prospects for 1902.
$1.00! $1.00! $1.00! $1.00!
His Regular $5.00 Reading Reduced to
ONE DOLLAR ONE DOLLAR
FOR SEVEN DAYS ONLY.
Advice on business, speculation, all love and
domestic troubles, settles lovers' quarrels, re-
unites the separated, tells whom you will mar-
ry how to WIN the man or woman you love,
how to overcome all enemies; gives full secret j
how to ' control . or influence any one you love '
or meet: no change unless you find him superior
to all others. Hours. 10 to 7 daily; 10 to S
Sundays. |
Reception rooms, 13. 14. first floor.
; : . ••.-.; 1104— MARKET STREET— 1104.
Corner Turk, nearly opposite Zinkand'e.
MME. M. BERNARD,
THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently
located at 17 Third st.. v next Examiner bldg. She
reads your life correctly, gives an accurate de-
scription of the past, reveals the present hap-
penings and portrays events to occur in the fu- <
ture. If you are 'in trouble, discontented, un-
happy or not (satisfied In life, or have domestic. ,
love or business troubles, consult this great
medium and you will be told how to overcome
1 them. Valuable advice in all affairs of life;
25c up; satisfaction guaranteed. Tel. Black 4509.
■ MRS. Dlt. F. CLARKE, the well-known trance
medium, is nermanently located at 1200 Mar-
ket St.. cor. Golden Gate ave.. rooms 25 and
2C; take elevator. Perfect/satisfaction guar-
anteed by mail; send stamp for pamphlet'
! with special terms. • Dailv and Sunday.
A — LINCOLN, CLAIRVOYANT, i ~~~
HIGH PSYCHIST.
The most wonderful clairvoyant on the coast:
he succefcds when others fall; .permanently
locajed at 125 Turk St.: readings by mall.
THIS NOTICE AND 10 CENTS. £
Jurt what you want to know; choice of three
expert palmists and clairvoyants; no matter
who you have l>een to, we convince all. 607
Kearny Ft., parlors 1. 2. 3.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil — second elpht;
diagnos«»B diseases with life readin(r;la<He«r>Oc,
g~nts*l; palm, and clair. Fit. $1 50. JL20 Turk.
1SMAR, the E_7Ptlan Girsy.olairvoyant and
'palmist, permanently located 1148 Market, op-
posite Sixth: crivate readings daily. 10 a. m.
to 5'p, m. Sundays from 10 to J2 a. m.
A — MISS M. WILLE.326A Ellis: clairvoyant,
crystal seer: reads your life correctly without
ques.; full name's, DOc-$l; 10 a. m. to 8 p. m.
BROOKS. 120C Market — Suite 34 and 35: won-
derful clairvoyant and trance medium; read-
ings $1 & $2; readings by mail: natisfac. gruar.
MRS. M. DAIN, clairvoyant and card reader;
ladles, 50c; gents, $1. 672 Mission st.
MME. ODELL. clairvoyant, card reader: ladies,
25c; gents. 50c; no gign. 242 Minna, upstairs.
CLXlRVOYANT card reader from Louisiana;
only 10c; from 1 to 8. 262 Minna St., near 4th.
MME. WINZOLA. medium, palmist and mag-
netic treater; read, daily. 14S Sixth, room 12.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card' reader: la-
# dles 25c; gents 50c; readings dally. 132 Sixth.
MISS LA VON. wonderful fortuneteller; truth
or no pay: 25c, 50c. 16S Tehama" st., oft 3d.
MRS. MARY ANNIE JOHNSON, business me-
dlum, price $1. 010>£ Leavenworth st., S. F.
MRS. B. Baumann, well-known fortune teller,
has removed. from 222 Eddy to 407 O'Farrell.
MME. RAVENNA read* life fluently: business
-advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALiL, FRIDAY, DECEMBER fO, 1901. r
j CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
i W'HE^you^become disgusted with poor work
I send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works. 353-357 Tehama St.; tel. South 40.
MODERN CO.; steam cleaning, 3c: laying;
cleaning on floor. Phone Mint 301: 023 Mission.
AMERICAN Carpet-beating Works— Cleaning,
3c renovated, rclald. 104 14th st. ;tel.Capp 2o42.
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co., 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main :!t)4. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Prop.
RUDOLPH & CO., carpet-beating works^ prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison st. : tel. Mission 3*!3.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-cleaning Works.
:i£i Golden Gate ave. : telephone East 126.
CITY • Steam Carpet-beating Works. G. H.
STEVENS. Mgr., 38-40 $th st. ; tel. South 250.
J. E. MITCHELL, Carpet-cleaning and Reno-
vatlng Co., 210 14th st.: tel. Mission 74.
CHIROl'ODISTS.
INGROWING toenails, bunions and corns cured
(painless) : no knife. Dr. Brown, graduate chl-
ropodlst, indorsed bymed. prof'n. 'Mi Stockton.
COLLECTION OFFICES.; *
COLUMBIAN Law and Collection Agency, 6tn
floor, 910 Market st.; advice free.' Tel. Bush
' 104; able body of attorneys^ • ■ -' -
DENTISTS.
X^DR.''T""srHIGGINS, 027llarket St., Emma
Spreckels bldg.— Painless dentistry at reason-
able prices; pure gold fillings, ifl 50; other fill-
ings, $1; gold and porcelain crowns, up;
plates, a full set of teeth that look natural
and guaranteed, $5 up.
Painless extraction.
I do first-class work only and guarantee It.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions or fillings by my
wonderful secret, painless method; 20 years
experience; no students; advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, 20 O'Farrell st.
ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, S09 Market, cor.
4th, rm. 7 Flood bldg., extractions done pain-
lessly; teeth without plates our specialty; gold
crowns, $3 50 up;plates, extractions free,$4 50
up; office hours 9 a. m. to 9 p. m. ; Sundays,
9 to 2. J. W. THATCHER, D.D. S., Manager.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone — cannot break;
warranted 20 years; crowns $3 50; fillings 60c; •
plates ?5, full set; all work painle.s and war-
ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth st.
FIRST-CLASS dentistry; lst-class prices; lst-
class results. W. C. HARDING. M.D., dentist,
/ room 24. ,14 McAllister st. ; painless extract' n.
AT Ideal Dental Co.. 6 Eddy st.— Work done
on weekly Installments; lowest rates.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush —
Full set of teeth, $4; crowns, $3; fillings. 50c.
LOWEST prices In S. F. ; painless extraction,
50c. N. Y. Dentists, 969 Mission, SE. cor. 6th.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. 1841 Polk st. .
DR.R.L.WALSH,815% Geary. nr.Larkin — Pain-
less ext., 00c; piates $5 up; phone Polk 1135.
DR. H. G. TRUMANTdentist. third floor, Ex- ;
amlner building; formerly in Murphy bldg.
DOG HOSPITALS. ■ ■
DR. CREELY'S C. P. dog soap by druggists
or at the Hospital. 510 Golden Gate ave. .
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking: & Millinery School —
Class rates; patterns cut. 1019 Market st.
FRENCH accordian and tfnlfe pleating. WM.
PILGER, 121 x Post. over O'Connor & Moffatt.
~ I EDUCATIONAL.
SECOND term night school for men, Young
Men's Christian Association, Mason and
Ellis sts.; 15-week courses, beginning Janu-
ary «; bookkeeping course $5, electrical
course ?5, English' course $3, stenographer's
course $4; classes in algebra, Anglo-Ameri-
I can history, architectural, drawing, arithme-
tic, assaying, bookkeeping, civil government,
civil service, commercial geography, com-
mercial law, I electricity, elocution, English,
free-hand drawing, geometry. German, me-
chanical drawing, vocal music, naval archi-
tecture, penmanship, political science, social
economics, steam engineering, stenography
and typewriting. Apply at office for hours
and tuition prices. A. A. MACURDA. Edu-
cational Director; H. J, McCOY, Gen. Sec.
HEALD'S SCHOOL OF ELECTRICAL ENGI-
NEEKING — Theory, demonstration, construc-
tion; laboratory and shop work; thoroughly
practical; day and night. 21 Post St., S. F. ;
catalog-e free.
AYRES' Leading Business College. 723 Market
— $8 per month; $50 life scholarship guaran-
tees a complete bus. education; shorthand,
typing, bookkeeping, arithmetic, penmanship,
spelling, Spanish, etc.; experienced teachers;
new typewriters; positions secured; cat. free.
HEALD'S SCHOOL OF MINES, 24 POST ST^
S. F.— Thorough courses; complete equipment;
all subjects pertaining to mining and mining
engineerings day and night; catalogue free.
A — THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
k, school for the university, law and medical
colleges;' references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
A — The official reporters of Supreme Court ad-
vise their friends to attend the GALLAGHER-
MARSH COLLEGE. Is this advice worth fol-
lowing? Life scholarship $50; catalogue.
PERFECTION guaranteed to beginners, college
graduates & bookkeepers in accountg; figures.
TARR. expert accountant, 220 Parrott bldg.
CALIFORNIA Business Colloge; most thorough
modern methods; positions for. all graduates;
new 60-page catalogue free. 305 Larkin st.
MERRILL-MILLER College— Shorthand, typ-
ing. practical bookkeeping. Rooms 40-45. Par-
rott bldg.; individual Instruction; catalogue.
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec, mining, mech.sur-
vey assay, cyanide; day, eve.; est. 1864. Van
* ! der Naillen School, 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
ACTING, elocution, specialties: . Hallet School,
associated with theatrical agency securing po-
sitions. Alcazar building-. 120 O'Farrell "st.
A FULL course of Ellis bookkeeping and the
Gregg shorthand costs only $60. San Fran-
cisco Business College. 1236 Market st.
C. HOFFMAN, the European tenor and voice
builder; Italian method. Concert and ora-
torio. 1017 Sutter st. -
A— Miss Bolte's School. 2734 Pine st.: board;
Eng., French. German, music,; $30 mo.;coach.
VIOLIN, mandolin, guitar. Prof. MERKI, good
teacher. 1008 Mission; Instruments selected.
VAUDEVILLE School of Acting— Pupils pre?
pared for the stage. 125 Mason st.
LEO Cooper's School of Acting. 814 Geary t st.;
day and even, classes; send for new circular.
Chicago Business College. 14.{. r » Market, nr. 10th.
Pitman shorthand, typing, bookkeep.; $0 mo.
ILLUSTRATION— PARTINGTON'S DATv and
ILLUSTRATION— night class, 424 Pine st.
HEALD'S Business College. 24 Post st., S. F.;
. founded 18G3; new 80-page catalogue free.
ARITHMETIC bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc. : day or eve.: $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. Cth.
EMPLOYMENT °££^E s -_
A— JAPANESE reliable house-cleaning 1 , cooks
/ & waitrs furnished at short notice. GEO.KI-
NOSHITA,1233 Page, cor. Lyon ; tel. Fell 8501. ;
JAPANESE and Chinese help of all kinds;
cooks, waiters and house servants. GEO.
AOKI & CO.. 421 Post St.: tel. Bush 135.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
-fice; all kinds help. 31S Stockton: Main 51 SS.
JAPANESE Intelligence Office— Furnish most
reliable help. 524 Bush St.; tel. Bush 516.
ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese. Chl-
nese help. 420 Powell. nr.Sutter:tel.Black TiOTg.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — FEMALE.
GERMAN woman wants work by day. 3120
Nineteenth st.
YOUNG woman wants work by day; no wash-
ing; good worker. MRS. C, 764 Folsom st.
RELIABLE, competent Eastern woman washes
work in hotel linen-room; experienced. 12CD
. O'Farrell st. ■ .■ . -
WANTED — By a reliable Eastern lady, a posi-
tion as housekeeper, country ■ town or city.
MRS. A. D., 1119 Fifth St., Sacramento, Cal.
GERMAN woman, would like plain sewing to
do at home. 230*4 . Third st. .
JAPANESE young couple want positton in
refined family to work; epeak- English well;
wages no object. J. N.; phone Jackson .'W0,
1225 Devisadero st. '
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket — 200 rooms; 25-: to ?1 50 per night; $1*50
to $6 week: convenient and respectable; free
bus and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce.2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1006
Valencia st. . '- ■> ■■ . , ■
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— MALE.
PAINTING, paper-hanging, kalsomining want-
i ed: have my own tools; for landlord and pri-
vate parties; reasonable; drop postal; will
call with samples. Box 2164, Call office.
FIRST-CLASS coachman and valet: single;
neat appearance; sober; uses no tobacco: will-
ing and obliging; eVpert horseman and driver;
very best references. Box 2633. Call, office.
ALL-AROUND stonemason would like: a job;
expert on water-ttght masonry. -J.- J.-- FLA-
HERTY. 620 Clay st.
MAN, strictly sober, wants position as night
clerk in hotel or lodging-house; can give ref-
• erence or bond. Box 2160, Call office.
'STEADY, reliable man wishes work; handy
j with tools; good porter and bedmaker; handy
i at anything. L. OLSEN, 631 Sacramento st,
.WANTED— -MALE.
CLERK, youns man,.- desires* position;' hotel or
business: stenographer and- type writer; highly
' recommended.. R. GRATT AN. 'Jefferson
Hotel, - Harbor View. . *
MIDDLE-AGED man speaking English and
German desires a position as porter; hotel
or restaurant; city or country. Box 2160,
Call office.' - . - ...■"••
FIRST-CLASS coachman; single; private. fam-
ily; sober; thorough horseman and driver; un-
deniable city s reference. M. M., S32 Mission.
STRONG boy of 18 years wishes situation in
• "store or factory; give good references.. 1414-
Powell st. ;. top floor. . .' » ;
MIDDLE-AGED man desires position In retail
grocery -tore, any capacity; temperate; ex-
perienced; best city reference from wholesale
and retail merchants. Address W. W.
BROWN, Winchester House. City.
FIRST-CLASS . coachman . and valet; .single;
neat appearance; sober; uses no tobacco;
willing and obliging; expert horseman and
driver; very best references. Box 2033, Call.
WANTED — By a young, man of 20, situation;
as attendant, to old gentleman or invalid at
"reasonable salary. Address H. P. WHIT-
NEY. 3 Polk st. . - . v
MAN of 30, excellent habits, educated, formerly
editor of country newspaper, would like some
employment in which he could advance; owns
typewriter. Box 2370, Call office, Oakland.
YOUNG man wants position of any kind; ha3
experience in grocery and butcher business.
. Address box 2140, Call office.
WANTED — Position by steady, active, capable
man, not afraid of work, in office or other-
wise; good references. Box 2126, Call. ,
YOUNG man would like to keep the books-_3d
finances of some establishment that needs a
hustler: will furnish bond. - Box 2132, Call.
SITUATION wanted by young colored man as
dishwasher. Address WILL WALL, 247
Stevenson st. ... • "-'
BAKER, steady man on bread, wants place as
first or second. JEF, 1529 Washington st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencla Bt. ■ \ - ' -
FINANCIAL.
promoted, guaranteed and
■ financed, stock taken In payment for serv-
ieq#; good propositions wanted; gold bonds
furnished. PACIFIC STATES MINING
i AND INVESTMENT CO., 326 Post St.
PACIFIC Coast Underwriting Co. (Inc.)— We
have 42 offices In operation; new method of
placing stocks and bonds; companies Incor-
porated; stocks' and bonds underwritten. Call
or address main office. 507-S-9 Parrott b'.dg.
FEATS TO LET.
POLK, C30, bet.Turk and Eddv— Modern middle
flat. U rooms; rent $37 60: no children.
VALLEJO, 1220, bet. Hyde & Leavenworth —
. Cottage, flat 4 rms.; yard; marine view; $12.
|8— UPPER rear flat of 3 sunny rooms. 27
Pearl st.. off Market, near Valencia.
FLATS TO LET FURNISHED.
FURNISHED flat of 5 rooms, bath and laun- I
dry; rent low. Apply, afternoons from 2 until
0 o clocR, 79 South Park.
FCRMTURB FOR SALE. '
4 ROOMS furnished in oak, $48 SoTwlth No! 7
range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FOR sale — Cheap, a 'white enameled bed and
white dresser. Box 99, Call office.
FURNITURE WANTED.
WILSON buys all ' klnda o?~household 1 groodsT
1710 Market St.; tel. South 413.
A. WOLLFERT, 773 Mission St.. pays highest
price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1354.
A. L. STORRS. 634 Ellis st.; telephone Larkin
27S2; highest price paid for furniture, carpets.
TEL. Jessie 761 before selling furniture, car-
pets, pianos, etc. CHAS. LEVY. 1135 Market.
GLOVES.
CHRISTMAS present— Danlclieir^bve^order;
factory price guar. ; kept In repair. 121 Grant.
HELP WANTED FEMALE.
A— MRS /m. e! DAY & CO. .Phone Main 1575
HOTEL DEPARTMENT.
4 waitresses, country, $20, fares paid; 6
waitresses, city, $20: 2 chambermaids, to
wait, country, 520, free fare both ways in
3" months: chambermaid, $20.— ;
FAMILY ■ DEPARTMENT.
Cook, American family, $30; cook, German
family, ?30; woman with a child, country,
$20; second girl, $20; parlormaid and wait-
ress, $25; many others. ■ <
MRS. M. E. DAY _ CO........ 335 Geary. ]
WANTED-: — Infant's nurse,-$20: chamberwork
and waiting, $_0-$25: 10 family hotel wait-
resses, $20-$_5; 3 cooks, German style, $30; !
cook, Oakland, $30; housework, Alameda, i
$25; man and wife, small ranch,' see party
here, $35: nurse srirl, Alameda, $15: house-
work, sleep home, 520; 4 second sirls, $20- !
$25; Keneral housework • In nice American 1
families, $20-$25-?30. Apply to J. F. CRO- j
SETT & CO.. 334 Sutter st. ~.
* • :
OPERATORS at LevI btrauss & Co.'a Overall
Factory. 32V1- Fremont St.; no experience
necessary; gocd pay, steady work. Apply to
MR. DAVIS.
WANTED — Working-- girls and women: the S.
V. Hairdressing College teaches you in 3
. weeks hairdressing. manicuring, facial mas-
sage, dyeing, bleaching: eve. classes; positions
secured; more calls for nelp than we can fill;
entire course $5. 233 Geary St., rooms 13-15.
WANTED — Experienced- operators on women's
waists and wrappers; steady work: electric
power; good pay. MARKS BROS., 1212 Mar-
ket St. 1
GIRL from 15 to 18 to do light housework; 2
in family; good home; wages $12. 430 Bush
st. Call between 2 and 5.
GIRL for light housework and. plain cooking; 2
, in family; wages $20. Call bet. 11 and 12,
730 Post Et.
YOUNG woman, housework and cooking for 4;
no wasning; evenings and Sundays off; $15
per month. Apply after 10 a. m., 301 Jones.
YOUNG woman for office work: typewriting
and stenography; $20 per month. Box 216S,
Call office.
WANTED — Experienced saleswomen. Apply
at HALE BROS.' before 11 a. m. .
GIR— for • general housework: Genmsn or
Swede; wages $20. 129 Oak st.
GOOD, finishers on coats; high wages' and
steady Job. 344 Tehama, bet. 4th and Cth.
GIRL for store. Apply ROBERTS' candy
store, cor. Polk and Bush sts..
DISHWASHER, 511 Brannan st., near Fourth;
call, early; no Sunday work.
COMPETENT girl, cooking and general house-
work, family of two. 2940 California St.
WANTED —^Good sewer: also apprentice for
dressmaking. ISO 1 /. Hayes st.
WANTED — Women for crocheting. Apply
LIPPMAN BROS., 405 Hayes st. ,
WOMAN wanted in a restaurant kitchen. Ap-
ply 183 Seventh, st. ' - .
WANTED— Neat girl for general housework;
$20. 3332 Clay st. '
WANTED — A woman, good cook for men. Ap-
' ply 2030 Seventeenth st., cor. Vermont.
WANTED — Good dresamaker. 764 Howard st.
25 HANDSOME young girls wanted for con-
cert hall. 525V4 Pacific St.: none under 13
need apply; 7:30 p. m. _ - ■ -
A VACANCY to be filled at once by woman of
ability; permanent position. Box 2152, Call.
'EXPERIENCED waitresses, arm work; also
girls to learn. 725 Market st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call ''advertisements and
j subscriptions has been established ; at 1095
Valencia st. •
_ H - Eii r-"*-^ VAivTEp _~~' T> ?^ 1^' -,Z.-.
TEN laborers for quarry, $2 day; florist for
store, $12 week: boy for flower store, $1 day;
wagonmaker, $2 50 to $3 day; carriage black-
smith. $3 to $3 50 day; blockmakers, $2 50
' day; 2 farmers and wives, $35 and 540_ and
. found; bootblack, for /country. $10 week; col-
ored stableman and driver; tiemakers, wood-
choppers and others. J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
. C2S Sacramento, st. . ' •
COLOREl5 butler, $40 and found; lunch cook.
• $40 and found; restaurant, second cook, -$12
; .week: hotel and boarding house waiters, $30
and found;- dishwashers- and. others. J, .F.
.CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacramento st. ',
BARBER and assistant attendant for boys in
■ institution, short distance in country. $25 to
$:J5, with board, room and laundry, and steady
position : waiter ' for first-class . lunch ■ house,
city,' call early, .$35; molder's helper, $1 75 a
_ day; farmers, milkers, cooks, dishwashers,
> etc. W. P. EWER & CO.. 610 Clay st.
AT The : California Employment Agency, 59
Third, st., near Call bldg. ; phone Bush 405."
,.......•..:.....; FREE FARE .;;....:..;....
25 redwood tiemakers. lie each..... -..„....
• ..'.. Ship Three .Times- per -Week:. .'.....'
Thoroughly experienced foreman for big saw-
mill. . $100 . per month . . .............'....;....
WANTED — A young man | as assistant In run-
ning Huntington mills; small wages at start;
good opportunity to learn the business; prefer,
one having a knowledge, of -assaying; refer-
ences required. M. C. box 2371, Call. Oaklnd.
-■ * HELP WANTED— MALE- — Con.
A— MURRAY &, READY:... Phone Main 5S48
. ..Leading Employment and Labor Agents..
%:....... ."OFFICE OPEN 7 A. M
2 machinists, city ; . . . .$3 CO day
2 machinists, city . ; :.$3 day
, Coachman,- see boss here
2 sash weight moldcrs; 3 blockmakers ; 7 plow
teamsters and farm hands, ' $20 and $30; -5
pruners, same orchard; 3 choremen; 4 team-
sters, large ranch, $:50 and found
TIEMAKERS
20 men to make split and hewn redwood ties,
10c to 15c each. J
......... HOTEL. DEPARTMENT
.Cake baker,* country hotel, $40' and found;
,. cook and wife as waitress. §60:- baker's help- v
er. $20; second baker, $10 week; waiter, coun-
- try hotel, $30; porter, $20; 7 cooks; 3 waiters.
. MURRAY & READY .634-U36 Clay st.
EXPERIENCED bookkeeper and stenographer,
; ranch, $40 and found; young man. MURRAY
& READY, C34-636 Clay st. .
WANTED — A man who understands how to
handle horses and milk a cow.' Apply after
10 a. m., TOM KLINK, Fell and Stanyan sts.
WANTED— Experienced manager for first-class
country hotel; German preferred. Call at
' 1047 Market St., between 1 and 3 p. m.
STEADY man with $150 cash can ' make $75
month. Apply^at 2U9 Kearny St., room 1.
WANTED — Bright young man to sell toys.
Apply at HALE BROS.' before 11 a. m.
WANTED — First-class bartender. . Palace of
Art, 10 Post st.
TAILOR on military work. 2821 Greenwich
street. - ■
WANTED— Good tailor. 224 Ellis st. ;
BRIGHT, active boy wanted for a bakery. Ap-
ply at 313 Sixth st. - :
3-CHAIR barber -shop; cigar stand; living :
rooms; reasonable if sold at once. 511 Castro. 1
TWO clothing salesmen for juvenile depart-
ment. RAPHAEL'S (Inc.); apply before
9:30 to-day. s~?J\ ■
COATMAKER for country. Apply REISS
BROS. & CO.. 24 Sutter Bt.
WANTED— Recruits for the -marine corps, U.
S. navy; able-bodied, unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of, 21 and i£; not
less than 5 feet 4 inches and nfot over 6 feefl
inch; able to speak and read English. - For
further Information apply at the Recruiting
'Ofiice. 40 Ellis st., San Francisco. \
MEN to learn barber trade; only eight weeks
required; tools donated; positions guaranteed;
catalogue free. MOLER BARBER COL-
LEGE. 635 Clay st.
WANTED— rLaborers and mechanics .to know
that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third st. ; 150 large
. 'rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
WANTED — First-class waiter for day at 4C7
Valencia st. .
A 'GOOD coffee-house waiter. 717 Mission st.
A FIRST-CLASS bartender wanted at 152 East
St., cor. Howard.
TAILOR wanted on custom coats; .steady work;
good pay. 533 Natoma st.
FOR Sale— A barber shop of 2 chairs. Apply
105 Hayes st. -
WANTED — Partner In barber shop with small
capital; downtown location. "Apply Call ofiice.
"WANTED — A man who understands pruning;
near the city. Palace of Art, 10 Post-st.
KOR SALE — 1-chair barber shop; cheap. Box
2787. Call. .
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, hall
price. ' G63 Mission st., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
ABLE solicitors can earn $100 per week on our
propositions. A. E. Co.. 1413 Call building.
-00 MEN to buy new and 2d-hand army shoes.
60c up; soling 20c up. 923 Howard st.. nr. Bth.
SAILORS, ordinary, for ships for all parts of
the world. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st.
McDONALD & PERRY have 500 pairs second-
hand shoes for Bale; 60c up. 241 Third st. ,
YOUNG men to learn barber trade; catalogue
mailed. S. F. Barber College, 741A Howard.
PENSION atty., E. A, Bullis. 3, 40, Phelan
big. Fast com. Geo. H. Thomas Post, G. A. R.
• GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25o
to 50c. £63 Mission St., bet 1st and 2d sts.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket — 700 rooms. 25c night; reading rooms;"
fre« 'bus and baggage to and from ferry. ■
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established' at 1096
Valencia Bt. . , ' . •-
MORSES JIXB I
DO not fail to attend the special auction sale
Wednesday,' Dec. 18, at 11 a. m., at the Ar-
cade Horse Market. 327, Sixth st. JOHN J.
DOYLE, Auctioneer. ■■■
ONE second-hand undertaker's wagon, one 1-
horse truck, one 12-passenger carriage. CAR-
VILL MFG. CO., 48 Eighth qt. .
FOR sale— 30 fine draught horses; weight from
1200 to 1000. Apply for further information
at 1238 Stockton St., from 11 to 12 a. m.
HORSE, $15; horse, $25: buggy, $30: single coal
wagon, $40; tea wagon. $40. 79 City Hall av.
FULL line German Government horses always
on hand. JOHN H. H ALTON, 1732 Market.
FOR SALE— One hor3e 7 years old; $25; black
mare. 1803 Haighf st.
A BARGAIN In jrood carriage, saddle, business
and road horses. DALZIEL. COS G. G. ave.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc., cheap. EGAN & SON, 2117 Mission Bt.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single: also light
camping wagon for sale, cheap. 532 Mission.
A WEEK'S news for S cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper for mailing. Jl per year.
HOUSES TO LET. |
A — PRINTED list houses to let: send for cir- i
/- cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery. I
LOST AND POUND.
$5 REWARD — Lost on California St., Monday,
16th Inst., subscription lists to Chamber of
Commerce. Return to office of the secretary
■ and receive reward.
LOST — Mexican hound with x«hlte and choco-
late spots; no hair; weight 14 pounds. MRS.
McKENDRICK. 1322 Pine St., between Lar-
kin and Hyde; reward $20. I •
LOST — Saturday 'afternoon at Russian Bazaar
or on ; Union or Hyde st. cars, fly stickpin.
Return tq 2332 Jones St.; liberal reward.
LOST — Lady's gold watch with fob attached.
Return to 411 Clayton st. and receive reward;
no questions asked.
GOLD Watch ; monogram A. S. Return to 643
- Market St.* care Eastman Kodak Company;
_ reward.
LOST — A small brown water spajd3l; bitch;
license on. Reward if returned to H. MUR-N
RAY, cor. Powell and California aves., citj'.
LOST — A black pointer dog. Reward if re-
turned to 101 Bartlett St., corner 22d.
IT will pay to "Remember" that the Califor-
nia Watch Case Co.. 220 Sutter st . needs old
gold and silver to make new watch cases.
A BRANCH office. for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st. .
MACHIXE WOnKS.
ENSIGN Machine Works. 415& Sacramento St..
builds models and experimental machinery;
mine hoists 4, 8. 12 H. P. specialty; repairing.
MATRIMONIAL.
GENTLEMEN wishing- to marry- wealthy
ladles send 10c for list. Mrs. Hertz. 706 Ellla.
BIATTRESSKS AND PILLOWS.
TO order, also cleaned and sterilized, uphol-
stery; Al carpet cleaning; honest work guar-
anteed. HOPKE BROS., 411 to 415 Powell
. St.; tel. Bush 421. " \r\ ' : v
■^ ;;.■' MEDICAL.
DR. O'DONNELL- All who are sick .and in
trouble call and consult the' specialist. My
medicines have been used for, many years by
thousands; the unfortunate helped; relief. In all
cases taken; the most obstinate cases have
been relieved by my medical treatment; free
confidential advice on all subjects of a deli-
cate nature; all. classes of female complaints
treated; relief to the longest cases. DR. G.
W. O'DONNELL. 1018 Market St.. opp. Fifth.
A— MRS. SWEET, graduate of Royal Unlver-
■. sity,: Berlin, -in midwifery cases; takes ladies
before and during confinement; best of care;
confinement, $15; room and board, $5; Infants
adopted; will take two to work at] my private
' resldence,G06 Guerrero, nr. 18th; tel. Blue 411.
MRS. D. WYETH— Reliable, ladles' specialist;
SO years' experience; Instant relief guaran-
. teed; home . before and during confinement;
' ' infants adopted. 410 O'Farrell, near Taylor.
MRS. KOHL, specialist, 410 O'Farrell ft
MRS. M. WEGENER., ladies' physician, baa
returned from the East and resumed business;
•home in ; confinement. 210 Eddy st.. near
I Taylor. "formerly of 1313 Golden Gate ave. -y. >
THE original MRS. DAVIES is still located at
122S Market; maternity home provided; office
hours 10 a. m; to 4 p. m. ;and C to'8:30 p.- m.
HINDOOHERB. and MRS. DAVIES' original'
method of treatment; maternity home; home
.In confinement. 1120 Market St.; S. F.
MRS. D.- ALLEN.' 1118 Market— Reliable ladles'
specialist; a 'private home before and during
confinement; best medical care; low fees.
MRS. D. GOODWIN, ladies', physician; 25 yra."
successful experience in S. F. Maternity
. Home, i 006. Market, opp.- 4th. . ■
■DR.vNG TOY. KEE. 210 Stockton St.. opposite
1 . Union square; all diseases cured by herbs, -•
»IISCELLA^E^S--J^R L^SALJE.
BOILERs7"engIn_s, 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
1NTOSH _ WOLP-JAN. 135-197 Fremont st.
MATTING and Bamboo Furniture WholesaU
and Retail: Special for Xmas: Children*
'loy Furniture Serj. _,
UYEDA CO.. 422 and 42t Geary »t.
A— BUYS, rells or, rents gear, machinery en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys.
etc. WHITKLAW. 253-255 Spear at.
TWO dogs for sale: genuine Llewellyn setters.
4 months old, at P. H: HINK'S. li City
. Hall ave. . ■ .' ' .
GENT'S black suits for mourners rented for
$2 50. Misfit Clothing Parlors, 23 Stockton
St., upstairs. , /
A-J3 EO DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters, 330 Kearny St., near Pine.
FINE suits. $10: dress pants, $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st.
KARAT pure white diamond sunburst ' worth
$150 for $75. MANNIE'S, 32 Stockton st.
REGINA music box, almost new, cost ?50, for
$20. MANNIE'S. 32 Stockton st.
Al FRESH young cow; calf 1 day; halfbreed
Jersey and Holstein; gentle. S3 Shotwell st.
THE Diamond violin collection, rarest spoci-
men. on sale 2 to 5 dally. Rm.4. 126 Ellis.
OLD Schweitzer violin, 1S15, worth $250. only
$90.' Portland Loan Office. 25 Stockton st.
TURQUOISE diamond earrings, $22 50. Port-
land Loan Office, 25 Stockton st. '
26-INCH full dress suit case, leather lined. $5.
Misfit Parlors. 23 Stockton st.
WALLPAPER, 3c a roll; paper hanging, etc.
MERIGAN, 1302 Webster; tel. Jackson 1321.
TYPEWRITERS. 2d-hand. all makes, at low
figures. L. & M. ALEXANDER. 110 Montg'y.
NEW and 2nd hand boilers, engines, pumps.
pipe snd supplies. H. S. White, 516 Mission.
BOATS, launches, rowboats carried In stock.
BAKER & HAMILTON. ■
GASOLINE engines, all sizes, new and 2d-hana.
and launches. J. E. DOAK. 396 Mission st.
ENGINES and boilers; second-band machinery.
J. BURKE. 129 Beale st.
FAIRBANKS' 10-ton hay scales; /eweler's steel-
lined safe, perfect order. 216 California st.
SAFES— New and second hand. THE HER-
MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
1ST-CLASS 2d-hand modern engines and boilers
bought, sold. Krogh Mfg.' Co., 9 Stevenson.
NEW Singer sewing machine; 5 drawers; oak:
complete: cheap. 1915 Mission, near Fifteenth.
JEWELRY for sale; diamonds, precious stones
bought T. Fershtand. 126 Kearny st.. rm.'2i.
BAR outfits, showcases; all lengths and sizes.
JACOB SCHWERDT. 821 Mission St.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving plo-
tures. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post st.
3IISCELLAXEOUS WANTS.
WILL pay cash and good prices for old seal-
skins. Addrass at once, box 1205, Call office.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 9th st. ; tel. .Folsom 252-.
LADIES' & gents' good 2d-hand clothing bought
& sold. Silverman. 984 Folsom ;tel. Folsom llil.
BIG prices paid for sealskins, full dreis & Tus-
edo suits. Portland Loan Office. 23 Stockton.
flIOSKY TO LOAN.
HERMAN MURPHY. 603 Examiner bulidlng".
$4,500,000 at lowest rates
'. on first and second mortgages
Life interests in estates i
• Property being held in trust
Undivided interests in real estate
..Life Insurance policies, estates in probate..
..Financial problems of. all sorts and sizes..
If You Need Money
SEE HERMAN MURPHY. 603 Examiner big.
AA— MANHATTAN LOAN CO. (Inc.). ~~
$300,000 at 5 Mi & 6 per cent in sums to suit;
City. Oakland. Town and Country property;
Second mortgages, life insurance and securi-
ties; loans on unsettled estates, undivided in-
terests in real estate and legacies; will pur-
chase above securities. Tel. Red 5024. MAN-
HATTAN LOAN CO.. 7th floor. Crocker bldg.
ANY AMOUNT AT 6 PER CENT.
First, second and third mortgages....
Undivided Interest in real estate In probate..
Mortgages and legacies bought; no delay....
Get my terms before doing business elsewhere
R. McCOLGAN •....
. ........ 24 Montgomery st., room 3
ANY proposition, any amount; C per cent; first,
second- and third mortgages, estates In pro-
bate, interest in estates, legacies, undivided
Interests, securities, manufacturing and mer-
cantile Interests, corporation loans. Room IB.
1st floor.Chronlcle bldg. GEORGE E. OLSEN.
A RELIABLE corporation established in 1863;
proper place to borrow money on diamonds,
Jewelry, pianos and sealskins. Columbia Loan
Office. 9 Grant ave.. nr. Mkt. ; tel. Black 5471.
ON real estate, 1st or 2nd mortgages, and on
furniture or pianos without removal; any
amount; lowest rates; open evenings 7 to 8.
BECKER & CO.. 827 Market st. room 613.
MUNICIPAL Loan Office. 103 Grant ave., near
Geary st. ; phone Red 1603.
HIGHLY respectable, private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 846 Market
St.; tel. Main lt>44. Branch 19 Third st.
LOANS on pianos, furniture, no removal, libra-
ries, goods In warehouse, etc. ; any amt. ; low-
est rates; private. Orrasby. 26 Montgomery st.-
CASH loaned to salaried people on note with-
out indorser or on mortgage at 6 per cent per
- annum. MORRELL. 600 Examiner building.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc., by private
party; no removal; no commission; conflden-
tlal. Room S, Conservatory bldg., 301 Jones.
ON furniture, pianos; no removal; money
quick; lowest interest: easy terms; no broker-
age: reliable party. .1170 Market st., room 6S.
3% ON furniture and pianos: $15 up: no r*.
'■■ moval: open evenings. Room 81. 6 Eddy st.
Lowest rates, furniture, pianos; no removal: no
commls. ; confidential. Whitehead. 1710 Mrkt
ON salaries. N. Y. plan; indorsed paper dls-
counted. TOUSLEY CO.. 321 Parrott bldg.
ON furniture, pianos; lowest rate; no removal;
strictly private. LICK. 116 McAllister st.
ONE per cent on furniture: $5 a month on each
$1000; any security. 302 Montgomery St., r. 1.
IF you want a home I will loan you money to
buy It. A. E. RUDELL. 222 Sansome s>t
ON SALARIES without Indorser: other propo-
sitions. S. F. Discount Agency, 143 Phelan bl?.
LOANS money on salary; no Indorser: Eastern
plan. Western Loan Co.. 300 Fhelan bids.
MUSICAL IXSTRUMEXVS.
ORGANS from $35 to $1000. BYRON MAUZY,
1 308 Post st. -
FREE concert at BYRON M.\UZTS every
afternoon and evening. Cecllian Piano Player
308 Post st. ,
HALLETT & DAVIS.. , $35
Raven & Bacon.... { 60
Weber ; 100
Chickerlngr 12?"
Dunham ;.. 150
Fleischer 175
Arion 200
?"---' BYRON MAUZY. 308 Post «t.
CHRISTMAS bargains; slightly used high-
' grade pianos:
Bteinway 5330
Lester : 350
Byron Mauzy 350
Sohmer ; 400,
Eohmer Baby Grand 650
BYRON MAUZY. 303. 310. 312 Post st.
ALL grades sold by the Heine Piano Co.; sole
agents most famous and oldest American
makes; -easy payments; big allowance for
. old pianos; rents $2 up allowed if purchased-
our new building and hall will be completed
, before March 1 ; we are now making a spe-
cial reduction for the holidays to clear out
our slightly used goods; among them are all
the standard makes, from $25 up to $:550-
open evenings during this sale. ' HEINE
PIANO CO.. 217 Geary st. . "*^-
WHY not make a present of a piano? We need
room.
1 Sommer. .$27 1 Fischer. J. $4->
lVose.... ......$29 1 Zech. S29
!■ Heine $295 1 Steinway .$.85
and 50 others at reduced prices for Christmas-
all guaranteed and can be exchanged at full
value any time within 3 years.
HEINE PIANO CO.. 217 Geary st. *
A GOOD thing to recollect Is this: We do not
reckon _ sale complete unless the customer
gets all he Is entitled to.. We give a perfect
sound and undamaged new piano for- lesa
►• money than is often asked for patched un
' and made over instruments, worked off under
all sorts of disguises. It is much better to
get a reliable new piano that ia known, than
a "bargain", that is good. only for the time
being. Our pianos or customers are : not
"wrecked." Ask about our new plan of
$1 50 per week. We sell Wissne_> Decker
& Son, Baumelster, Steger and Singer pianos
Call and see us — open evenings- THE ZEXfi
MAUVAIS MUSIC CO.. 760 Market st.
AGAIN we remind you that our piano stock
both new and second-hand, is the largest west
of Chicago and Includes the most reliable
makers to choose from. New pianos sold unon
easy paymentvo. J6 per month; we good
pianos for $3, J4 and $5 per month. SHER-
MAN. CLAY & CO.. Steinway Healers, corner
Kearny and Sutter, sts.. San Francisco; cor-
ner Bfoadway and Thirteenth sts. . Oakland.
ATTENTION. BARGAIN-HUNTERS-
Second-hand upright . pianos from $35 un -
Fecond-hand square piano, from J50 ui»
Second-hand organs from $*5 un- new unri*hf
pianos from »175 up.. BENJ CURTA7 A
EON. 16 to 20 O'Farrell. Checkering Mason
■v & Hamlin. Vo«e. Sterling pianos. Mason
OUR pianos, the leading makers; price $100
.upward; values best in the city. PIERCE' a
PIANO FACTORY. Market. , l_t_f & Church!
A^FULL^SIZED upright piano. $S5; six-octave
Mason & Hamlin organ. $35; Steinway
eauare $100; elegant burl walnut Cameron
upright used only few months. $275: Bech-
Jggjj^gg;
ANY piano sold, by U3 taken hack any t; ma
within 2 years and fall purchase prica a i-
few'd Ton a new p-erless Kr.abe at regular
rr'ce- costs you only 20c a day to buy a piar.o
from'u- . KOHLKR £ CHASE. 30 O'Farrell
et.: established 1350. _^
EXCITING bargains^Three cars new high-
grade pianos stored with us; ordered sold to
realize advances, and storage; dirt cheap (In-
stallments): open evenings until 9.30. UI_.
SON'S Storage. 1710 Market st.
THE WILEY B. ALLEN CO.. S33 MARKET.
PIANOS
TTVEEDA piano for the holidays; rent one;
total cost ?5. 500 Hayes st. <
A STEINWAY upright; must be sold: no rea-
feonabl? offer refused. Box 2150. Call.
FOR SALE— Weber, nearly new; party must
have sonie cash. Bex 2149. Call.
PARTY going away will rent or sell upright
piano very cheap. Box 2143. Call.
COMPELLED to sell account departure^ new
3-pedal standard upright piano. .77 Geary-
Pi ANO free; party will give use of piano to
party who will try to sell it. It. S6. 21T Geary.
11-v-SCHLElP upricht. excellent condition.
HS: Erard upright. Homung. 216 McAllister.
SUPERIOR violin.", zithers, old and new. II.
MULLER. ns.iker, repairer. . Latham place.
GOOD eecond-har-d upright lot _al» cheap.,
SCHMITZ. U McAllister St. |
AT KEKFFK?. 21 Turk it., near Market—
fhoringcr. Pohnbert and Pte'.n— ay bargains.
OFFICES -AM' STORES TO LET-
STORE 30x30 with basement 40xSO; location
center of wholesale iron and machinery trade.
Apply at 113 First st.
PACIFIC, 328 — Newly fitted up store; cheap;
also stcre, 804 Sansome st.. $10.
GEARY 2301 cor Kroderick — Store suitable
for grocery and bar. Apply 2.-.Q:; Geary at,.
' OIL.
OIL tanks, second hand. In good order; all
gjzes: cheap H. S. WHITE. 816 Mission st.
PALMISTUV.
MISS LEMPP. palmist: hours 10 a. m. to 8 p.
m. ; Sundays by app't. 2247 Mission, nr. 19th.
H JEROME FOSELLI. scientific palmist. 513
Taylor st.. bet. Geary and Post ; tel. Black 561.
NEERGAARD, president St. Germain College,
reads from 1 to 4. 700 Post: phone Hyde 20£i.
PAINTERS AND DECORATORS.
ROOMS papered from £1 up; whitening done.
Hartman Paint Co., 319 Third; tel. Red 3o21.
~~ F'ATEXTSAXP PEXS1OX3.
PENSION advice free; general practitioner.
Geo. D. Campbell. lawyer. Examiner bldg.
~~ PERSONALS.
AN elegant line of remnants for suit3 to order,
515; with these suits we make an extra pair
ment°. tS $i r^eefcly. ar L?'LEMOS. 1117 Market
St.. between Seventh and Eighth.
WHY Guess? You can be certain of style and
fit by using Standard Patterns; Dec. patterns
and The Designer now ready. J. W. EVANS.
Domestic office. 1021 Market St.. near Sixth.
FACE massage, complexion beautifying; latest
Continental methods; electric roleau; super-
fluous hair, moles, etc.. removed by electric
needla. MME. ZEPHEY. 1258 California 8t.
ELECTRIC light in every room — "Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Market ; TOO rooms :
25c to $1 50 per night; ?1 50 to $0 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
ARTISTIC hairdressing, manicuring, shampoo-
ing, etc. at moderate prices in America's
best-appointed parlors. The "BON-TON,"
- 324 Post St.; switches at bargain prices.
DRUMMERS' sample3 of exquisite dress skirts
at half original price; direct from Paris and
New York; your choice of 265 to select. Hls-
tory building 723 Market st.. room 11.
THE latest and best things in ladies' ready to
wear garments, tailor-made sutts. skirt3, on
installments, at C. I\ ADAMS CO., 156 5th.
FOR the best hair at cheapest prices go to-
LEDERER. Switches, $1. $1 50. $2; hair-
dressing. 25c. G. LEDERER. 123 Stockton.
RARE and unique presents for the holidays at
The Old Curiosity Store, IIS Geary «t., NAT
RAPHAEL;, novelties of every description.
WHITE enamel iron beds, single, three-quarter
- or double. $2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO.. 1310-1312 Stockton St.. near Broadway.
Sing Chong & Co. haa removed from 115 Stock-
ton to 568 Geary, bet. Taylor & Jones, where
can be found fine stock of ladles' underwear.
A — IF your hair is falling or you are bald cal! en
Dr.G. S.Moore. 332 O'Farrell; send for circular.
A — VIDA Company permanently cures stomacb
trouble. 763 Valencia St., cor. 19th.
ELECTRIC needle specialist: superfluous hair
destroyed; references given. 427 Sutter st.
GOLD cure for drunkenness; sure remedy; tes-
timonials. MOOSEK CO.. 1125 Geary st.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
electric needle. MISS EATON, 1119 Sutter st.
LADIES — I will give you valuable Information
free Ad. MME. DeHAVEN, box 2130. Call.
Mrs. Brlggs^ — Superfluous hair, moles removed!
by etectric needle. 968 Sutter; tel. Larkin 3171.
MASQUERADE costumes, play booKS. wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
Masquerade costumes at H. Anderson's, theatri-
cal costumer, 29 - O'Farrell; country orders.
TAILOR-MADE suits. $7 50; dress pants. $2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, ccr. Bush and Dupont.
DR. LAMOTTE'S FRENCH CORN PAINT,
the best corn cure; 2£c; ail druggists.
ALFRKDUMS Egyptian Henna; restores gray
hair to its natural color; $1; at all druggists.
5C0 MEN wanted to order suits for $1 per week.
NEUHAUS & CO.. tailors. 115 Kearny st.
PHYSIC1ASS AND SUHGEOS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL— Office and residence.
1021% Market st.. bet. Sixth and Seventh.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, successfully
treats all diseases of the human body: sea
testimonials at office. 115-117 Mason, nr. Ellis.
A— DR. WONG WO, herb doctor; sanitarium,
7G4-7QB Clay gt. : see testimonials at office.
PLANING AXD TORX1XG MILLS.
WOOD and Ivory Turning. Planing. Shaping
and Sawing. CARL F. HAAS. 95 Fremont.
*~~-~-~— ~~— ~— ~~— — — — - — — — — — ——-___— —^
REAL ESTATE — CITY — FOR SALE.
FOR "rent or sale— At Ocean View. In city linTT
Its, thirty-two fine lots, with house of six
rooms; will sell or rent very low. Address
box 27C8. Call office.
A BARGAIN— Three lots In the Mission, $1000
each ; situated on San Jose ave and 27th st.
Address box 2774. Call office.
*570C— SACRIFICE: nice flats; well rented:
warm belt Mission. Owner, box 2165, Call:
REAL ESTATE — COUNTRY — For Sale
——FOR SALE NEAR SAN FRANCISCO^^
Email tracts. $60 to $30 per acre, on Ranch.*
Cctatl. Sonoma Co. ; future value assured, as
San Francisco is growing rapidly; location
best for poultry and general farming. Apply
to The Cotatl Co.. 302 California st.. for pam-
phlets snd information.
PROFITABLE orange. lemon, peach A pruns
lands to - sell; right locality: big money; easy
payments. Healy & Henderson. 6 Eddy st.
POULTRY and dairy ranches for sale: write for 1
Tr»» llat. C. R. W1NFIET/D. P»taluma. Cal. I
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
i
■ ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
BARGAINS: improved & unimproved property
acquired by foreclosure: % cash. Bank of Ala.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
: . .
BERKELEY REAL ESTAT E.
12 HOMES, ranging In prices from $2000 t>
$3000 on terms of from $50 to $100 down, a!!
tn the course of construction: all modern an.t
have from 6 rooms and bath up to 9 rooms and
bath; situated on the local Berkeley roal.
. giving the same service and time as the Oak-
land local from Seventh and Crcadway u
San * Francisco. Further Information apply
A. J. SNYDER,
167 Ninth st.. Oakland. C-l.
Or Branch Office
Adeline Station. Berkeley.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS!
OAKLAND COTTAGES TO LET. f\
bUNNT lower flat. 8 large rooms; electric »sr-*
vice throughmit; 2 coal and 1 gas grate; lars»
corner lot; lawn; fruit and shade treea an I
f.owers: lot elevated; choice locality; will rent
low to satisfactory permanent tenant: Eighm
. ave. electric cars, corner Washinfton ami
Eighth sts.. com* within 1 block. Call -*
address 1653 Ninth ave., East Oa___o_.o!tKI.A.\:» AilVhJiTiSBiliXK
OFF Ct — ]IIS iii
/OAJfcC«.Kn REAL ESTATE.
T :u. doixjk Ai sonT~~ ~ — —
HUO lircadway. Oakland.
?£i5G— Sc:ntlh;nj; .-stra :i!ce in the way of a
modem uii-tc.-dute, brand new home in Oak
•and out toward Berkeley; lot 50x12.. ; 7 rooms
cr.o bath. Call and let us show you this.
HOUSES of every description and price for «aie
or rent. Apply to \V. E. BARNARD Ills
lir.iadway: telephone Main 10.
OAKLAND FUUMTVRE FOR. SALK.
AX introduction to you from li. SchellhaaTih*
furniture dealer. lltU and Franklin. Oakland.
BOOMS FOR HOI'SEKEEPIXg!
URADV. 33. off Market— 2 6unny~7w>msTliKht
hougekeering; private family; $12.
FIFTH.. connecting furnished house-
keeping. $12; also single, 51 to $7. •
HOWARD. 10<J3 — 2 sunny connecting completely
;urn.; rai;se; electric lights; run. -water; 512.
LARK1N. 4S:t— Nicely furnished housekeeping
rooms; bay-window.
MINNA, lll'j — Bay window furnished houst-
UeepiiiK suite; $2 50 per week.
OAK, 119 — Sunny room; sink; range; closet;
lor housekeeping; $9.
OaT». 125 — 2 nicely furnished basement rooms ;
$iv.
PAGE. 110, nr. Gougrh — Elegant newly furn. al-
ccve suite; gas stove; separate water; grata;
dishes; £22 50; adults; also large side room.
gEVEICTH, ITS — Large, cheerful, sunny house-
keeping rooms, with large yard; running
mater.
SHIPLEY. 250-2U1— 4 nice rooms. $S; house
new; good class people wanted only.
THIRD. 1S1 — Large front room furnished suit-
able for light housekeeping.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore et
ROOB1S TO LIST Furn. and Vufnri.
ARGTLE Hotel. 234 McAllister— New. elegant,
eunry; grill attached: 75c day upward; rates
by week or month; McAllister cars to door.
A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE. MS Sixth— Rooms.
25c u> «1 per nleht ; 51 24 to $5 per week, and
llsht hou»ckeepin|[ rooms: open all night.
BURNETT, 1128 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur^
nisaid rms., suites, clnsle; also unfurnished.
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis>. corner Mason— Elegantly
furnished runny rooms: prices reasonable.
EDDT, 210 — Elesant runny tingle and double
roonie; travelers solicited; quiet house. ■/;.-■-.
ELLIS, S21 iMotart)— Nicely furnished rooms,
S5c. 4l 50 night: *1 BO. (4 wk.; open all night.
FRANCISCO HOTEL— Elegant suites: uln<;le;
GEARY. 405 (The Navarre)— Elegantly furnlsh-
ed suites and single; travelers accommodated.
G>.'.RY, 1S27 — Unfurnished front connecting
raonis; water; g-vs: bath: phone; references.
JONES. ST» — Newly furnished room, bath,
eumiy, central, private family.
MCALLISTER. 130, corner Hyde— Elegantly
furnished suite sunny rooms, with grate, suit-
able for first-class physician; elec. and gas.
MINNA. 06r] cor! Eighth — Newly furnished
bay-window room, $1 per week; transient.
NEW ARLINGTON. 1015 Market— Nicely fur-
nished rooms; $2 a week up; 35c a day up.
O'KAIIRELL. 20 — Sunny furnished rooms and
ofOces: elevator; elec. lights; day, week, mo.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth Et.,
near Market — Furnished cr unfurnished.
SIXTEENTH. SiCS^a, near Market — 2 sunny
furrdshe<i housekeeping rooms, with use of
; ■trier: stationary washtubs; rent !10.
STOCKTON. 332— A sunny euite and singles;
neat and clean; bath; phone: prices low.
SUTTER. a20>^ <The Stanford) — Suites from $3
to 57; singles. $2 to $5 per week; transient.
TO let — 2 unfurnished rooms: price S3. Call at
2S" Natcma st.. p-ocery.
TURK. S43— Large front room; 15 minutes'
walk from Keamy st. ; grate, gas and bath.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 FlUmore.
A BRANCH offlee for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1036
Y Valencia st.
ROOMS .VXD BOARD.
HOTEL Denr.lston. cor. Valencia and 21st sts—
In th« "Warm Belt"; free from prevailing
fogy; choice gunny suits: first class.
THE Irvingdale. 626 Eddy — Suite suitable for
three gentlemen with board. $CO: stnicle rooms
with board, $22 r-u up; excellent table.
THE Pierpont. 418 Ellis— Everything new; most
elegantly furnished apartments; first-class
<Slntng-room.
CALIFORNIA. SOT (Stevenson Mansion) — Select
family hotel; exceptional table; popular rates.
VAN NESS, CIS* — Handsome furnished apart-
tr.cnts; conv. ; 2 to 5 gents; best table board.
MARA. CIS Tnvlor — Nicely furnished sunny
rooms; excellent board: terms reasonable.
HOTEL Repelier. TS1 Sutter— Newly furnished;
excellent table; special rates to tourists.
RIPTIRE SANITARIUM.*
Rl-PTURE at HUNTERS EANITA-
RIUM, 1206 Market St.; treatment free; only
invention in the world that will not torture.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 415 Montgomery St.. rooms 9-10;tel.5oS0.
SKWIXG MACHINES AXD SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought. 6old. rented, exchang«d; re-
pairing; lowest rates, Tel. Black 1124. 20» 4th.
y.LL kinds bought, Bold, rented, exchanged; re-
pairing; loweet rates: phone Mint 45. 145 6th.
STORAGE A\D WAREHOUSES.
pTeKCE^RODOLPH StoragT^nTliovinK~Ca7
office Post and Powell sts.; tel. Main 5713.
GOLDEN WEST Btoraee Warehouse. 840 Mls-
rion Ft.: tel. Howard 941. F. W. ZEHFUSS.
PACIFIC Ftoraere and Furniture Moving Com-
pany, 2320 Fillirxore Ft.; phone Jackson 281.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 722 Mission St.;
teL Main 1840; shipping at cut rates.
TYPEWRITERS AKD SUPPLIES.
G RETTnBXR^^S^^ETEwSlT^ER&^We
eell better machines for lees money than any
house in the city; rentals. (3. The Typewriter
Exchange, 53CS California; telephone Main 266.
WEBSTER Typewriter Inspection Co. — Expert
typewriter doctors ;estimate free. 209 Sansome.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA £AFE~DEPOSIT AXD TRUST
COMPANY, corner California and Montgom-
ery sts. — For the eJx months ending Decem-
ber 31 19C1. dividends have been declared
on deposits in the savings department of this
company as follows: On Jenn deposits at
the rate of 3 G-10 per cent per annum, and
en ordinary deposits at the rate of 3 per cent
per annum, free of taxes and payable on and
after Thursday. January 2, 1902. Dividends
uncalled for ere added to the principal and
bear the same rate of dividend as the prin-
cipal from and a'ter January 1. 1902. J.
DALZELL BROWiV. Manager.
6AN FRANCISCO SAVINGS UNION, 532 Cal-
ifornia St., corner Webb. — For the half-year
ending with the 31st of December. 1901, a
V.ividend • has been declared at the rate per
.A '. r-j:n of three and forty-two one hundredths
»«3 43-100) per cent on term deposits and three
(3) per cent on ordinary deposits, free of
tsx«*s pavable on ar.d after Thursday, Janu-
ary'2l l«02. LOVELL WHITE, Cashier.
THE German Savings and Loan Society. 526
California et. — For the half-year ending with
December 31. 1901. a dividend has been de-
clared at the rate of three (3) per cent per
annum on all deposits, free of taxes, pay-
able on and after Thursday, January 2
1W2. GEORGE TOURXY. Secretary.
PROPOSALS.
BIDS Wanted— Notice is hereby given that
sealed proposal* will be received by the Board
of Directors of the Veterans' Home of Call-
'ci-nia at its office, room 13, 220 Sansome et.
San Francisco, Cal.. up to 10:80 o'clock a. m '
fcATURDAY. December 21, 1S01. and opened
immediately thereafter in the presence of bid-
«ier*. for furnishing and delivering quarter-
master and commissary euppiie* for the Vet-
trans' Home. Napa County, Cal. (railroad sta-
lion Tountville). for six months commencing
January 1 l»02. and ending June 20. 1902.
Schedules with Information and instructions
lor submitting bids will be furnished upon
application by the undersigned. Bidders will
- "" ■<arefuily follow the conditions of the sched-
ules, and no bid will be considered unless it is
in accordance with such schedules. Each bid-
der must accompany his bid with a certified
*heck upon some well-known and responsiblo
banking-lio^e for at ltast It) per cent of the
amount of his bid. payable to C. Ma&o.-t
Klnne. treasurer, conditioned that the bidder
K-lll enter into a rood and valid contract upon
■>tice of acceptance an required by law. The
Tioard Be*erve* the right to reject any or ail
bids a*d to order any quantity over or under
the amount tpecJfifl- '
Address J. J. PCOVILLE. Secretary Board
of Directors tif the Veterans' Horns of Cali-
fornia room 13. S20 Sar.some st.. San Fran-
c**co Cal. ,By ord»r of th» Broird of Dlrect-
cit * J. J. SCOVILLE. Secretary.
_^__ TO I.F.ASR.
THE new Hotel Bucna Vista,^ lOTcTvalencia sC.
i.i V( T n ~ lst and -- d - 23 rooms, all sunny,
with large crounds. In the warm belt of tho
MlMion: thoroughly renovated throughout.
For particulars apply g. II. UMBSEX & CO..
14 Montgomery t=t.
NOTICE is hereby give7i~to^e~D"istrict~Attor-
ncy of the city and county of San Francisco
'r.at I, the underyicr.ed, intend to apply to
the honorable Etate Hoard of Prison Directors
Jcr the privilege of belnK paroled, at a meet-
ing of the said board, to be held at Folsom
en the 2Sth day of December, l'.Wl.
. ' PETE It DERGAXC.
••niTSINESS Men's Lecai Bureau." .consulta-
tion free: in bankruptcy and divorce proceed-
ings u-irt'es not required to go into court.
Room Cll. Examiner hldg.: rhon» Black 2604.
JIARBIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday:
Fai.-cloth, 25, city, and Mary C.
Eugene' W. Dunne, 24. 137 Third street, and
Mamie Gratine, 2a, 70 Jessie street.
Fredrick Nillson. 30, 1U10 Mission stret, and
Mabel Reid. 21. 414 Chapultepec street.
John O'Callachan, 34. city, and Catharine
Mennen, 3u, city.
Autrustus W. Rogers, 23, 2977 Harrison
street, and Marguerite V. Brady, 18, 120 Alta.
Henry F. W. Fell. 20, 125 Oak street, anl
Emma Eblers, 21, 1205 Kearny street.
Edward Quijada. 29. Napa. and Lottie Her-
nandez, 29, San Jose.
Jean B. Dangles. 24. 705 California street,
and Adrienne Rouquette. 22. Six-Mile House.
William I. Burns, 24. 12 Johnson avenue
and Stella E. Thuener. 21. S21 K street.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not Us inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the -,jubl<catlon offices aad l'C
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
MARCCS— In this city. December 18, 1001, to
the wife of Morris Marcus, a son.
SMITH— In this city. December IS. 1901. to
the wife of J. J. Smith (nee Uroner). a son.
MARRIED^ ~~
KNGELMAN— DEUUIATRE — In this city,
December 18. 1901. at Central M. E. Church.
by the Rev. Herbert F. BrlSKs. Edwin R.
KiiKfhnan and Maude 1. Delamatre. both of
San tTanclsco.
K1NGREA—NELS0N— In this city, December
is. W01. by the Rev. Frank S. Ford. Tha-
!»us J. Kincrea and Annie A. Nelson, both
of San Francisco.
JJILSSON— READ— In this city. December 19,
1J*O1, by the Rev. Dr. John A. B. Wilson.
Fredrick Nlloscn and Rebel Read, both of
Pan Francisco.
DIED. —
Allari. Joseph McCarthy. Charles
Allen, Joan McRae, James
Anderson, Andrew Mason, Fred
Andersen, Andrew J. Merwin, Ellen E.
A6he. Clara ■ Mock. Lizzie
Buttner. Nellie Nolan. Anna
Dreschfeld. Leopold Obermuller. "Mrs. E.
Fraga. Antone M. Ormsby. Anna M. S.
Gibbons. James Preston. Charles W.
Gorman, James Regll, Maria C.
Grant, Mary Shaver, Harvey S.
Gras, Joseph Stiegeler, Franz E.
Hale}-. Claire E. Sweeney. Mary
Hayden. Elizabeth Thomas. Lenora
Jancovich. Luca C. Velasco. Vlncente
Kuss, Rosina M. Warren, Minnie M.
ALLARI— In this city, December 18, 1901, Jo-
seph Allarl. beloved husband of the late
Caroline Allarl. father of Joseph, Louis and
Hermann Allarl, Mrs. R. Eujannort and Mrs.
Switzerland, aged SO years and 6 months.
E7Tuneral to-day (Friday), at 1:30 o'clock,*
from the residence of R. Bujannoft, 710 Hyde
street, between Post and Sutter, Interment
private.
ALLEN — In this city. December 19. 1901,
John, beloved husband of Catherine Allen,
father of Annie E. Allen. Mrs. S. D. Houn-
sell, Mrs. T. M. Ham and the late Rev. J.
W. «r.d Nicholas J. AUen. and brother of
Mrs. O. S. Carvlll and the late Mrs. James
Badger, a native of Athenry. County Gal-
way. Ireland.
E7"Notlce of funeral hereafter.
ANDERSON— In the City and County Hospi-
tal, December 10. 1901, Andrew Anderson, a
native of California, aged 28 years.
ANDERSEN — In this city. December 19. 1901.
Andrew J.. beloved son of Gustive- and the
late Mary Andersen, and brother of Gustive
Anden-en and Mrs. S. H. Trowbridge. a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 27 years 11
months and 27 days.
(ETFrtends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 8 o'clock, from the parlors of ;
Ihc United Undertakers. 27 and 1S> Fifth :
fitj-ect, thence to St. Paul's Church, where a
requiem mass will be celebrated for the re-
puse of her soul at 0 o'clock. Interment i
Holy Cress Cemetery.
ASHU— In this city. December IS. 1901, Clara
Afhe. relict of the late Isador Ashe. and
mother of Richard Ashe. Mrs. J. R. Marln-
burk, Mrs. Frank Kalfln. Mrs. A. Davis an-1 <
Fannie Ashe. a native ot Germany, aged 04
years and 7 months.
ETFricnds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Friday), at 10 o'clock, from the residence
of her daughter, Mrs. A. Davis. 1552 Web-
ster street. Interment Home of Pence Ceme-
tery, bv 11:30 o'clock train from Third and
Towneend streets. Please omit flowers.
BUTTNER— In this city. December li>. 1901.
Nellie, beloved wife of .William Buttner.
mother of Frankie Buttner. and sister of F.
W. Miner, a native of San Francisco, acred
25 years 8 months and 23 days. -
rTFi-lends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral to-morrow (Saturday), at 0
o'clock, from her late residence. 137 V4 Four-
teenth street, thence to St. Charles Borro-
meo's Church, where a solemn requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul.
commencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
DRESCHFELD— In this city. December 18.
1901 Leopold H.. beloved sen of Sophie and
the late Henry Dreschfeld, a native of San
Francisco, aeed 38 years 7 month's and 19
(T7'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Fridsv). at 1:30 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of Bunker & Lunt. 26*i Mission
street Mission Masonic Temple. Interment
Odd Fellows' Cemetery. Please omit flow-
FRAGA— In this city, December 18, 1901. An-
tone M beloved husband of- the late Maria
S Fraga. and father of M. Fraga, a native
of Flores. Azores, aged 55 years 11 monies
and 18 days. (Vallejo papers please copy.)
Cy Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited ti attend the funeral to-morrow
Saturday), at 9 o'clock, from the residence
of his son, M. Frara, at Benicia, thente to
St Dominlc'B Church, wh->re a requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his v>ul.
commencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Car-
quinez Cemetery. - • ■
GIBBONS — In this city. December 18, 1901,
James, beloved husband of Catherine Gib-
bons, ar.d father of William E.. Joseph,
Catherine and the late Gertrude Gibbons, a
native of Boston, Mass., aged 48 years 10
months and 7 days.
irjrThe funeral will take place to-day
(Friday) at 9 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence 22 Lewis street, oft Taylor, between
Pest and Sutter, thence to St. Mary's Cathe-
dral where a requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cr.isj Cemetery.
GORMAN— In this city. December 18, 1901,
James, beloved husband of the late Jennie
Gorman, and dearly beloved father of John,
Frank and Madge Gorman. Mrs. Hubert
Fllin and Mrs. William Lord, a native of
Irelard, aged 70 years.
crTTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
f Friday V. at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 22XJ14 Butter street, thence to St.
Dominic's Church for services at 9 o'clock.
Interment Holy Crow Cemetery.
GRANT — In this city. December 19, 1901, at
1017 Treat avenue, Mary, beloved wife of the
late Patrick Grant, and mother of Joseph.
William, James and Josie Grant. Mrs. James
McMlchael and Mrs. Charles Mero. a native
cf County Kilkenny. Ireland, aged 63 years.
GRAS— In this city. December 19, 1901. Jo-
seph beloved husband of Vlctorine Gras,
and father of Leon Gras and Maria Recull,
a native of Aubessagne. Hautes Alpes,
Franco, aged G7 years 8 months and 19 days.
HALEY In this city, December 19, 1901, at
the residence, C14 Minna street, Claire Edna,
beloved daughter of Richard and the lat?
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
(Successor to Flan na Ran & Gallagher.)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
20 Fifth st., opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 80.
Mt. Olivet Cemetery,
SAN BRUNO HILLS. j
OFF.CB 916 MARKET STREET.
J. HENDERSON, Manager.
! JAMBS McGINN,
I Formerly with McGinn Bros., has opened
B new Funeral Parlors at 214 Eddy St.. bet.
1 Taylor and Jones. Telephone South 678.
i united" under'Skjers^
U 27 uru) 20 Fifth St. Tel. South 197 S
» rUNERAL BIRECTCHS AMD ErtOALMER3.ff
ff finest Equipment at Moderate Ratteja. W
;-, JVtf vv i-irtM Or' UrtDbiiTAivtiRo.
I) taniuel McFadden. 18 years manager for
S the United Undertakers' . Association:" M. J.
t ilcBrearry. with the same company for IS
C years: V. V. Green, late crith J. C O'Con-
2 nor & Co.. have opened new Funeral Par-
f lors at 1171 Mission street, between Seventh
• s.n<4 Ktshtk. Telephone South 44.' . ' .
THE SAN FRAKCI SCO CALL,, FRIDAY , DECEMBER 20, 1SK>1.
Ellen Haley, a native of San Francisco, aged
4 years 11 months and IS) days.
HAVDKX — In this city, December 19. 1901.
Khzdbeth, beloved wife of the late John J.
' Haydcn. and father of D. E. and J. Ji
HayUen, a native of County Wexford,' Ire-
land, ajced 51 years. (Virginia City, New.
papers fileass cojiy.)
GTKriends end acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 9:i.*> o'clock, from the funeral
parlor* of Porter & White. 122 Eddy stree..
thence to St. Mary's Cathedral, where a sol-
emn requiem hish mass will be celebrated
lor the ropes? of her soul, commencing at 10
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
JANCOVICH— In thl3 city. December 17. 1901.
Luca C. Jancovich. husband of Ellen Janco-
vich, father of Maeco and Costo Jancovich.
and brother of George and Annie Bacacovlch,
a native of Austria, aged 77 years.
IC7 1 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Sunday,
December 22. at 11:30 o'clock, from his late
residence. 1525 Leavenworth street.
KUSS — In this city, December IS. 1001, Rosina
M.. dearly beloved wife of Edward Kuss,
mother of George W. Kuss, and grandmother
cf Florence H. Kuss, a native of Germany,
ased 69 y<»ars 2 months and 27 d&ys.
ty Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the luneral to-day
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence of
her ccn. 1109 Scott street, near' Turk. In-
terment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
MCCARTHY— In the City and County Hospi-
tal, December 10. 1001, Charles McCarthy, a
' native of Ireland, aged 35 years.
McRAE — In Woodside. Cal., James McRae. be-
loved husband of Mary McRae, and father
of Mrs. A. S. Lander. Belie-. James, William
and Aggie and the late Mrs. Mary Fennell
and Alex McRae. a native of Canada, aged
09 years and 0 months. A member of Burns
Lodfre No. 68, A. O. U. W.
B^"Kriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral in thi3
city to-day. (Friday), at 1 o'clock, from
his late residence. 224 Richland avenue. In-
terment Cyr>ress Lawn Cemetery.
MASON — In Sacramento. December 17, 1901.
Fred Mason, a native of Germany, aged 60
years.
tt?*Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. Twenty-first and T streets, Sacra-
mento, Cal.
MERWIN — In Stockton. December 18. 1901,
Ellen E. Merwln, beloved wife of E. L. Mer-
win. daughter cf Mrs. Lydla Climrer, and
mother of 1-auris and Lola Merwln. (New
York papers please copy.)
fTTTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from St. John's Kpls-
copal Church, Stockton. Interment Stockton
Rural Cemetery.
MOCK— In this city. December 17. 1001. Little,
beloved daughter of Elesla and the late
Ueorge Mock, and sister of Geonre and Annlo
Mock, a native of San Francisco, ajted 23
yoar* 5 months and 2 days.
ffTFrlends and acqualrtances nre respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Friday)", at 2 o'clock, from the residence of
her mother. 117 Noe street. Interment I. O.
O. F. Cemetery.
NOLAN— In this city. December IS. 1901. An-
na Nolan,' beloved mother ot Mrs. M. J.
Keller, Mrs. M. K. Jones. Mrs. Sadie Mul-
verhlll and John and Thomas Nolan, a na-
tive of Ireland, aged 70 yearn.
H^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Friday), at 0 O'clock, from the residence of
her daughter, Mre. M. J. Keller, 074 East
Twenty-seventh street, Oakland, thence to
St. Anthony's Church, where a solemn re-
quiem mass will be celebrated for the re-
pose of her soul, commencing at 9:30 o'clock.
Interment St. Mary's Cemetery. Oakland.
OBERMULLER— In Haywards, December 17,
1901, Mrs. Eva M. Obermuller, beloved
mother of George F., John A. and Anna
Obermuller, Mrs. Lena Neudeck, Mrs. Ma-
tilda Anderson, Mrs. Rose Oltman and Mrs.
Harriet Dennis, a native of Germany, aged
70 years 7 months and 13 days.
EJTuneral Drtvate to-morrow (Saturday),
at 10 o'clock, from her late residence, B
street. Haywards, thence via 10:40 o'clock
train to San Francisco. Interment Odd Fel-
lows' Cemetery.
ORMSIiY — In this city. December 19. 1901,
Anna M. S. Ormsby. beloved wife of the latu
L. S. L. Ormsby, and mother of John J.,
George O., Harriet E., Henry S., Edward
K., Edgar L., Frank E. of Boston, Mass.,
and William F. Ormsby of Honolulu, a na-
tive of England, aged 07 years 4 months and
27 days. (Boston papers please copy.)-
ET'Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Sunday,
December 22, at 1 :30 o'clock, from St. Step-
En's Church. Fulton street, between Webster
and Flllmore. Interment Cypress . Lawn
Cemetery, by carriages. Remains at the
funeral Darlora of Charles H. J. Truman &
Co., 31S Mison street, between O'Farrell and
Geary.
PRESTON— In this city. December 17, 1001,
Charles William Preston, beloved father of
Harry and Walter I'reston and Mrs. F. C.
Jaeger, and brother of Mrs. D. M. Stall and
Samuel Preston, a native of Ohio, ased 68
years and 5 months.
KT Funeral private from the residence of
his daughter, Mr?. F. C. Jaeger, 22 Merrltt
stroet. between Seventeenth and Eighteenth
and Hattle and Danvers streets. Krlends
and acquaintances are respectfully invited to
. attend the funeral at Madera. Cal.
REGLI— In this city, December 13. 1001, Maria
Christina, beloved wlfo of Ka««er P. Repli.
and elster of Mrs. Caroline Kichler and Jo-
seph, Nlchlaus and Khmh-i- Klser, a native
of Canton Obvalden. Sarnen. Switzerland,
aired .18 years 3 months and 14 days.
ICTTrlendB and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 8 o'clock, from the parlors of
McAvoy "* Co.. 1239 Market street, between
Eighth and Ninth, thence •« St. Anthony's
Church, Folsom and Armv streets, where a
solemn requiem mass will be celebrated for
the tepose of her noul, commenclnir at 9
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
SHAVER— In this eltv. l»eeember 19, 1001,
Harvey S.. beloved husband of Nancy Shav-
er, and father of II. E. Shaver, a native of
Canada, aged 74 years 2 months and 22
day.«. •
ST1EGELER— In this city. December 18. 1001,
Franz Eugene, dearly beloved son of Mrs.
Albertlne Sticceler, and beloved brother of
Otto. August and Hattie Stiegeler and Mrs.
M. Schmidt, a native of Germany, aged 24.
years 1 month and 14 days. A member of
Tailors' Union.
ICTFriencSs and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of his mother, MOB Minna street, be-
tween Seventh and Elsrhth. thence to 8t.
Boniface's Church. Golden Gate avenue, be-
tween Jones and Leavenworth streets, where
■ a requiem hitth mass will b« celebrated for
the renose of his soul, commencing at 9
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
SWEENEY — In this city, December 18. 1901.
Mary, relict of Morgan Sweeney, dearly be-
loved mother of Edward Sweeney of Seattle,
Mrs. J. E. Pharo, Mrs. H. T. Power of Au-
burn and Mrs. W.,. F. Armstrong, and sister
of Mathew and James Nunan, a native of
Ireland, aged 70 years. A member of the
Third Order of St. Francis.
ICTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 8:15 o'clock sharp, from the
residence of her daughter, Mrs. J. E. Pharo,
317 San Carlos avenue, thence to St. Joseph's
Church, where a solemn requiem high maes
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing: at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cro«s Cemetery.
THOMAS— In this city, December 18. 1901,
Lenora, beloved daughter of Edwin R. and
Emma E.. and eleter of Roy Thomas, a na-
tive of Ean Francisco, aged 8 months and 15
days.
VELASCO! — In this city. December 18, 1901,
Vlncente Velasco, a native of Colima, Mex-
ico, aged 29 years and 5 months.
•WARREN— In this city, December 19, 1901, at
the parents' residence. 720 Tehama street,
Minnie M.. beloved daughter of Richard and
Margaret Warren, sister of Richard, Joseph,
John. Thomas. Lizzie and Maggie Warren,
and niece of John and the late William War-
ren and Edward, Frank and Thomas Nunan,
a native of San Francisco, aged ,12 years 8
months and 1 day.
HOTEL ABBIVALS.
. ' RUSS HOUSE.
G Buck Sulphur Creek J Rose, S Jose
B Finning. Cal J Stewart, Lakeview
E Knotts, Cal L- N Johnson Sutter Ck
Miss L Knotts, Cal E Turston & w Reno
L E Gilson, Mich A N Johnson, Fresno
L Levy & w, H Rosa M L Hunt, Ingram
P Faunnelli. S Jose A G Hoody, AT&St Fe
T Franklin, Dallas L B Hastings, Cal
J C Davis, Hanforl D Adams Idaho
E W Salsberry, Wyo ■ . J Jordon, N Y
G Small, Oakland Dr B D^Granger, Ohio
W Lend. Oakland Dr J G Allen & w III
E Monton, Oakland H Ramsay, , N Mex
A Crest, Mont J Ferrell, Grass Val
Agnes Crest, Mont C A Bryan, N Orleans
J Frolson, w & d, Ida C Grunaon & w. Nana
J B Newport, Hanford W H Snell, Willits -
D C Harrington. N M F H Butcher, Healdsbir
Col J Hardln, S Rosa Mrs W Connor, Ukiah
T E Seeley, Wash MrB Marshall, Pt Heya
L Seeley, Wash Mrs Sparks. Stockton
J J Steadman & w, IalH E Garvin, Denver
J Muldowney. Ellensbg E G Smartt, Salinas
Mrs McCord. Fruitvale J Smartt, Salinas
E Berry & w. Mt View W H Grant, Woodland
G Huffus. Mt View J Tellman. Cal
E Glendon. Mt View A Burtzer, N Y
W F White & w Cal J O McCarter N Y
Miss Matter, Malaga S E James, St Louis
Mrs Lindsey, Alameda R Dalskon. Nebr
J R Boulward, Newmn P A Hotelllng. Chtcaao
L Boulward. Newman
NEW WESTERN HOTEL."
E C Snell, N Dakota J C Holte, Mlnuapolis
J Crocker & w. Pa E Keyser, Kan City
P Lagorce, Pa • ■ ■ W.N Robinson, Chlcjo
C P McCormack, Pa J Saukburg, GuadalUDe
G Ritchie, Sacto C C Williams, Novato
J J Fort, Vallejo J . Mattoni, Novato
H Burke. Eureka M H Gaffey, Ogden
A Kenoga, Kan City H T Trunnion, Sebastul
C Lindauer, Iowa A R Wilson & w. Cola
J Fleming. Arlzor.a P C Klepplnger, Neb
Mary A Maguire, N H
Postage on Christmas Edition.
The great Christmas edition of The
Call, issued December 15, 1901, con
tains 70 "pages and will weigh 17
ounces. The rates of postage on this
edition will be as follows: .
Domestic... .....5 cents
Foreign. .9 cents
COPPER MARKET
STILL ERRATIC
Rapid "Rise in Prices Is
Followed by a Sharp
Decline.
Directors of Amalgamated
Vote a Dividend and
Issue Statement.
NEW YORK, Dec. ■ 19:— Amalgamated
Copper claimed and held interest over all
the list in tHe street to-day and went
through a rapid series of bewildering fluc
tuations. After the erratic market, had
Closed tho directors of Amalgamated met
and voted a dividend of 1 per cent and is
sued a statement placing the blame for
th« decline upon the shrinkage in foreign
consumption. In this contraction it was
sttttd Amalgamated had been forced to
bear the largest loss in the effort to main
tain prices. The statement placed the
falling off in exports at 65,000 tons, and
sal J that during the last month the
United Methls Selling Company had sold
over 100.000,000 pounds for future delivery.
Barge blocks of the stock were unloaded
immediately business began on the Ex
change and about half an hour after the
opening the gain of 3 points made yester
day was wiped out. Transactions then
became very moderate. Efforts of shorts
to cover, assisted by what appeared- to be
adroit manipulation, ran It up to 66V&, or
a parity with yesterday's close. The stock
backed and filled over a range of a point
until well into the afternoon. Trading be
came excited in the last hour of business
and blocks of from 1000 to 3000 shares
changed hands frequently on a rapid rise
to G9V&. An equally rapid reaction fol
lowed to 6^/4, changes of a point being
made between sales, but the buying soon
overcame tho declining tendency and tho
price bounded up again to. 67%. Thero
■\v;u'. another slump just before the close
and the last sale was at CSft. The general
movement of the stock throughout the
day was of an exceptional character and
its dominance of the trading was repre
sented in transaction of 222,800 out of a
total for all stocks of 476,000 shares.
Small Dividend Is Announced.
The meeting of the directorate, at which
the reduced dividend was declared and the
statement in behalf of the company made
public, commenced as the market was
Closing and was attended by William
Rockefeller, H. H. Rogers, James Stlll
man, Anson R. Flower and William G.
Rockefeller. No announcement was made
for an hour and when a clerk appeared at
tho office door with an armful of type
written statements he was instantly the
center of a sensational rush. Half of the
statements were torn as the clerk . at
tempted to distribute. them in the crowd
of messengers, financial bureau men and
reporters. Announcement was made that
the dividend was 1 per cent, compared
with 1H Per cent declared in September.
The statement given out was as follows:
The conditions prevailing in the copper trade
up to the commencement of the present year
were very satisfactory, and so far as this coun
try is concerned, are still so, every copper wire,
brass and electrical manufacturing concern be
ing run to its full capacity. A large propor
tion, however, of the copper produced iu this
country has to find a market abroad. The un
satisfactory trade conditions which have ex
isted during the present year in Europe, to
gether with the fact that the supplies of cop
per to Europe from sources outside this coun
try have Increased, have Jointly caused a fall
ing oft in exports of about 65,000 tons. ThU
decrease has In some degree been compensated
for by increased domestio consumption.
By adopting the policy of maintaining a firm
price a Urge proportion of the loss arising Irom
the decrease of exports has been borne by the
companies whose shares are owned wholly or
In part by the Amalgamated Copper Compuny.
This policy hus in the past been the best fo«
these eonu«>n«ea. as the, portion of. the copper
which has been sold .has realized a larger
profit than would have been realized had all
the copper which had been produced been kolil
at a much lower price. It haa likewise pre
vented fluctuations in price, which would tend
to demoralize the business of manufacturers
consuming cc.pper.
Miners Are Now Fully Equipped.
The officials of these various companies,
after carefully considering the situation in all
its phases, decided that It would be better for
the Interests of tho company they represented
to refrain from forclnK upon tho market more
copper than was actually needed, as «uch. nc
tlon would only have led to abnormally low
prices. The selling agents of these companies
were, therefore. Instructed not to force upon
th« market more than was actually needed for
consumption, but to maintain a firm price. If
officials ot other copper-producing companies
had taken the same view of the situation and
maintained a firm price, there is little doubt
that the present unsettled condition of the
market would have been in part, if not wholly
obviated. . ■ ■. . •*
During tha present month the United Metals
Selling Company, me selling agents for the
companies, in which the Amalgamated Copper
Company is interested, has, notwithstanding
these conditions, sold considerably over 100 -
000,000 pounds of copper for future delivery. '
During the past two yeara the companies in
which the Amalgamated Copper Company is
interested have equipped, their mines and
smelters with the latest improvements and
most modern labor-saving appliances, and one
of these companies has built the largest and
best-equipped smelter in existence. This can
be put In commission early in the new year
bo that from now on these companies can pro
duce copper at a cost that can successfully
compete with any copper producer in the world
The future prosperity of the copper business dd
pends largely upon such a revival of foreign
trade as will bring the total consumption of
copper nearer to the production than is the
case at present.
The Original Little Louisiana Company of
San Francisco, Organized January.
1887, Drawing December 14. 19O1.
No. 18302 wins $7500, sold in San Francisco
Cal.: No 71770 wins $2000, sold in San IKS
Cisco. Cal.; No. 8180» wins $1000, sold In San
Francisco, Cal. ; No. 5348 wins $500 sold in
San Francisco. Cal. ; Nos. 209C3 and 06587 each
wins $250. sold in San Francisco, Cal ; Nob
(i6905, 72330. 83555, 87048 and 94763 each wins
$100, sold in San Francisco and Sacramento,
Cal. . • «
TELEGRAPH NEWS.
. LONDON, Dec. 19. — Mr. and Mrs. Rudyard
Kipling are to sail for South Africa Decem
ber 21. )
0RANGI3 CITY. la., Dec. 19.— Fred Kris
hick was found dead on a straw stack about
five miles east of town to-day. He was frozen
to death.
LONDON. Dec. 19. — A dispatch to the Cen
tral News from Cairo, Egypt, says Cecil
Rhodes has suffered from a heat stroke and
has abandoned his trip to Khartoum.
GUTHRII?, O. T.. Dec. 19. — Cherokee Indians
are reported starving, in the hills near Tale
quah, in the Going Snake district, as a result
of the loss of their crops and the blizzard. .
GUTHRIE, O. T., Dec. 19.— Thomas Gibbon,
a farmer near Ashley, O. T., shot himself
through the heart yesterday in a hotel of Au
gusta. No reason is known for his suicide.
■ WASHINGTON. Dec. 19.— A bill was Intro
duced in the Senate to-day by Senator Mitchell
fixing $2 as the minimum rate of wages to be
paid to .women* in the employ of the Govern
ment. . ■ .
NEW YORK, Dec. 19. — The Colonial Brew
ing Company of this city made an assignment
to-day for. the benefit of its ■ creditors. The
company was incorporated in 1807 with a cap
ital of $1,200,000.
BOSTON. Dec. 19.— The Rev. Charles Henry
Brent of 8t. Stephen's Church in this city, was
to-day consecrated the First Bishop of the
Protestant Episcopal Church in the Philippine
Islands. He will leave for his new post in
March.
ATKINSON. Nebr., Dec. 19.— During a street
quarrol at Spencer. Boyd County, William Par
ker fatally shot his father-in-law, Peter Han
sen. Parker and Hansen met on the street
and quarreled over (Parker's wife, who has
been living at her father's home for some time.
HARTFORD, Conn., Dec. 19.— The California
Mining Company of New Haven filed articles
of incorporation at the office of the Secretary
of State to-day. The capital stock is to be $J,
000.000. - Joseph DawBon, James A. Kell . and
Harry Beck, all of Philadelphia, are thtj in
corporators.
GUTHRIE. O. T., Dec. 19.— Indian Territory
officials, through the aid of Sheriff Dobbins of
Casper, Wyo., ; have identified Sam Roper,- who
escaped ' recently from" Arkansas after murder
ing a Sheriff as a .member of the Bill Cook
gang of outlaws that terrorized the border in
the early "90s.
PERTH, West Australia, Dec. 19. — Tho com
mander of the North German Lloyd steamer
Neckar. Captain. Harrassowitz, has been' fined
£25 for breaking the seals of the ship's stores
in contravention of the new Australian tariff.
As he refused to pay the fine the commander
was put in prison. :'••';.•■"■/; . ■
DOWIE BREAKS
DOWN ON STAND
Tearfully Tells a Story
of Alleged Breach
of Confidence.
Denounces Brother - in - Law
and Tries to, Throw
Blame on Him.
CHICAGO, Dec. 19.— John . Alexander
Dowie, the proclaimed "Elijah the Re
storer," broke down when he went on the
witness stand to-day in his own behalf,
and between choking sobs told how his
confidence in hia brother-in-law and legal
opponent, Samuel Stevenson, had been
shaken. The portly figure of . the aged
witness shook spasmodically and tears
streamed down his face as he related
memories of Stevenson's espousal Of
Dowie's sister, now deceased. Later, as
he was ; cross-examined, his meek and
lowly demeanor changed, and he de
nounced Stevenson, called him an
"abominable traveling companion." and
said that he was no use in Zion, and was
always blundering. -
Juage Tuly's court was packed to over
flowing with followers ot •\Klijah H,"
who followed minutely the "doctor's"
testimony, and who, at the end *of the
day's session, gathered around him to
act as his bodyguard back to Zion,
- The. testimony offered by Dowie was
to the ettect that he had given Stevenson
checks aggregating $50.00o, ostensibly to
release certain indebtedness between
them. The checks were exhibited In
court and showed indorsements by Mary
Ann Stevenson for stock' in Zlon lace
industries. Dowie went into great de
tall to show how the stock had actually
come into his possession, explaining that
ho had been 'Immediately surprised" ' to
llnd tho certificates for the stock In his
private safe. . Stevenson had set up the
claim that he had never received tho
certificates. Dowle set down as "non
sense" the charge that by "honeyed
words or artifice he hnd inveigled Stev
enson to como to America to talce charge
of the lace Industrie?, and denied that ho
hnd used any power whatever to that
end.
The all night session, -which, according
to testimony, were frequent with Dowle
and his disciples, were explained as nec
essary because he was a "very busy
man." He also explained somo of the
methods of Zlon's financial operations, in
an effort to prove .that Stevenson's claim
to a joint partnership with him in the lace
Industry was at no time ever contem
plated.
C. J. Barnard, general manager of
Dowle's Zlon Bank, told of Stevenson's
objection to the manner In which the lace
Industries were being managed and haw
he had asked for $150,000 to give up his
interest in them.
During the cross-examination of Banker
Barnard. Attorney Reeves drew from him
testimony that tho certificates ■ for $10,000
worth of lace stock, made out to Mary
"Ann Stevenson, and which had disap
peared, came to light after Mrs. Steven
son's death in Dowle's own safe. Bar
nard related that Dowle had said won
ders would never cease and that he was
utterly at a loss to find the document
among his private papers.
A sharp tilt between Judge Tuly and At
torney Packard, for the defense, ensued
when Captain H. "Worthington Judd, sec
retary of the Zlon lace industries and tha
Zion Land and Investment Association.
was called to the stand. Attorney Reeves
had asked Judd whether he believed Im
plicitly that Dowie was. Elijah. Packard
objected to the question,, but the Judye
ruled It pertinent to the case, and Judd
affirmed his belief that the preacher was
the prophet of olden times.
TWO CHINESE QUARREL
- AND ONE IS KILLED
Dispute Over Business Affairs Causes
a Tragedy Outside of a
Cabin.
SANTA CRUZ, Dec. 19.— Chuen Yen
Wall killed Yon Kee outside of a cabin
near the Soquel road last night by shoot
ing him twice in the back. The men
formerly wore partners in a. fruit drier.
The murderer -went away two years ago
and last night his victim saw him for the
first time since that departure. After a
talk on business matters the men went
outside the cabin, and soon pistol shots
were beard. The murderer made his es
cape. There were six Chinese In the
cabin at the time of the murder.
Captain Seymour received a v dispatch
yesterday from Sheriff Besse of Santa
Crua asking 1 him to look out for Chuen
Yen Wall of the Yung Wan Company,
who was In the fruit business there. He
is wanted for murdering another member
of the Yung Wan Company Wednesday
night. A full description of the murderer
was given. Detective Ed Gibson _^was de
tailed to find him. \;
Liberal Leader Invited to Retire.
LONDON, Dec. 19.— The Midlothian
Liberal Association, of which the late
Mr. Gladstone and Lord Rosebery have
been president and which has frequently
led Liberal evolutions, publishes a reso
lution which is regarded in some quar-*
ters as tantamount to an Invitation to
Sir Henry Campbell-Bannerman to retire
•from the Liberal leadership of the House
of Commons. The resolution acknowledges
th9 great services of Sir Henry, but in
the next sentence welcomes with great
est satisfaction the return of Lord Rose
bery to active political life and profound
ly trusts his gifts and statesmanship will
again be placed at the disposal of the
party.
Weather Upsets Fair Programme.
ST. LOUIS, Dec. 19.— Because; of
the unusual severity of the weather it
was this afternoon decided to abandon
the parade feature of the ceremonies at
tending: the breaking of ground on the
World's Fair site to-morrow. The board
of directors and guests will go to. the
grounds in carriages and perform the
ceremony of breaking ground. Later in
the day public ceremonies will be held in
the Coliseum and a banquet in the even
ing. I
Mysterious Death of London Broker.
LONDON. Dec. 19.— Hugh Kekewich of
the firm of Morrison, Kekewich" & Co
a leading member of ■ the Metal Ex
change, died suddenly this morning, it
is said he committed suicide. The belief
prevails that Kekewich recently suffered
heavy losses in copper. The Metal Ex
change has closed as a mark of svm
pathy. ' " ■' 1 ■ ■' -•'
Train Wreckers Cause a Disaster.
KALISPELL, Mont.', Dec. 19.— The Coro
ner's jury, which has been investigating
the wreck on '.the Great Northern Rail
road at Essex, Mont., in which one per
son was killed and eight injured, has
found that the disaster was the result of
train wreckers, who loosened .spikes and
angle bars connecting the rails. No ar
r--ts have yet been made.
Senator Sewell Is Dying.
CAMDEN, N. J., Dec. 20, 2:20 a. m.—
Senator Sewell is very low. His "death
may occur at any moment, or, as the phy
sicians say, he may linger for several
hours." : -;'..; ■ .
THE PURE \^J
GRAIN COFFEE
Some people can't drink coffee ;
• . everybody can drink Grain-O. It
looks and tastes like coffee, but it
is made from pure grains. No
coffee in it.
Gfain-O is cheaper than" coffee;
costs about one-quarter as much.
All grocers ;- 15c. and 25c
NUMBERS
-OF THE—
Honduras National Lottery Co.
(LOUISIANA STATE LOTTERY.)
[PATENT APPLIED FOR-1
Single Number, Class "M," Drawn at
Puerto Cortez, Honduras, C A. Sat
urday, December 14, 1901.
•- , - »-•-■-£"■
No. Prize. No. ' Prize. |No. Prize.
71 24 205 80i 291..... 24
565 24 589..'... IS 601 40
835 2i 8S8. 24 1002 40
1058 24 1139..... 16 1159 24
12S0 10 laol 16 13S5 . 1«
1400 24 1475...., 24 1610 1<>
1769..... 120 1914 16 19S1 24
2001..... 24 2120. 16 2245 24
2268 . 1« 2340 40 240S» 40
2427 1U 24t'2 16 2545 40
2578 1C 2C44 10 2749 40
2860..... 40 2SS0 80 2»7«. 84
2092 24 3098 24 3231 24
£J07 IB 3324 • 16 3762 24
3S57 40 4W)S 16 4109 24
4155..... 24 4100 24 4510 24
•45G5..... 120 4U23 16 4747 1*
4774..... 24 402U 80 5147 24
5329..^.. 40 5.-J48...;. 2000 548» 4O
5500..... 10 5505 16 5U59 40
56S6..... 24 5092 10 5695 ) 40
5704..... 10 5725 10 "5800 16
6147..... 24 6203 16 6372 40
6480..... 16 0C06. 10 6718 SO
0738 16 6748 16 KS17 10
0844 24 7149 16 72»S 1«
7430 Hi 7C.72 40 8524 ltt
8542 80 S570 16 8071 40
S750 40 8774 40 S8S4 24
0153 16 9202 40 92U 24
9493 1U 9197 SO 9591 2*
S»732 24 8940 16 0853 "J.0
0073 16 10123 40 10106 10
10428 16 10430 40 10MI 21
10520 24 10700 80 107CG l'J
10777 80 10810 4010001 16
11161 24 11284 120 11679 21
11834 40 1180S 1G11SM ltt
11072 16 12200 24 12333 16.
125CW..... 1U1251K? 16 126S5 ltV
12688 1« 1 2780 1C tl'837 1«
12840..,,. 16 128S0...., 16 12050 18
1.1017 24 1303G 40 13131...... 24
13230 40 13270 1G 13-112 120
13470 16 134U2 24 137JKH 21
13843 • 4.0 131UVS 1U ISOS!) W
14141 24 1-UC3 40 14170 21
14262 24 14340 16 14305 16
14480 24 14621 16 14(580 10
14(»>4 40 14703 18 14729 40
14749 24 147SS 16 1 1044. .. .. - 1«
14080 40 15073..... 40 15132 40
J5282 1H1S405 HUS553 t»
15728 2115SM SOUlUiO SO
1U400 80 16415 16 18183..... ltt
KJ514 24 16627 16 1(1644 ltt
1«73U 24 16897 24 10022 10
1*3)03...;.' 16 17071 ltt 17217 40
17328 21 17382 24 17380 40
17501 l«niW4 l«lTt!'JT W
170(10 2U8021 lttlSlOt,.... lfl
1S173 120 18200 40 18361 80
18392 30000 l840rt 16 18441 24
1S4HH t<; 1SIU3 24 1K80S Ut
18!U5 11M8910 16 19070 2-4
10.124 10 105M..... 80 19701 40
19002 40 1002'.). .... 24 2000S 24
20032 16 20212 24 20224 40
20308 1620374..... 1620480..... 80
20602 10 20733 16 20786 1«
20S2B...,. 16 2C8T.8 16 20805 SO
20025 16 21202 16 31237 10
21291 24 213X1 80 31455 10
21492 40 21507 '10 21581 21
21630 40 21703 16 21787..... - 1«
21793 16 218(18 16 21834 24
21984 16 21993 80 221S»?. . .,* 10
22344 40224S5..... 24 22543 10
22501 1622607 40 22695 16
22697 16 22752 21122767 18
22777 8022811 10 22831 24
22908 16 23001 24 23055 24
23155 SO 23293 16 23315..... 24.
23.133 16 23H04 1BI23744 40
23852 24 23865 40J2100B 24
2432.1 80 24335 120|24348 24
21416 16 24443 16|2-tt>38 40
21063 8024907 24|25010 40
2M21 120 25242 18125338 120
25479 24 23506 16|25333 IB
25614 80 25716 4012572* 10
25823 24 2(5016 80I2W50 24
26175...... 24 26314 16]2«3»l 120
26400 802C502 24l2fi6HO 40
26746 80 26850 lfl|2(5S8O..... 16
26929 1626933 10000|2?012 16
27017 16127003 40127171 80
27390 120|274:;7 24J2732S 80
275(14..... .16127780 24 27952 24
27065 40 27074 16 2S0(>« 10
2S06C 16 2S07H 40I2S273 16
2SS08 40 2S006 16|2S010 24
2SG57..... 10 2S(rrO 4O!28812 16
2S971 16 2JK>74 8OI281S4 24
20272 24 20350 S0|29467 80
2l».1(« 40 20504 40|29»W2 ltt
20CS0 IK 20078 161211080 16
S0033 10 30140 1R130177 10
30240 16 30401..... 8Oi304«8 16
80495 1630745 40:.10K«l. .. . . 24
SC920.". .;. 16 31028 16 31234 S4
81582 24 3i;i(» 40 31423... ■., 80
31444 120. '11404 40 S1R41 40
31572 16.U5S8 24 31648 80
31747 40 31718 2113185.1..... 24
32023. ... % ; 40 32043 21^2131 18
32456 16 32303 16,;2J74O It)
32745..... 1632SO8 10132977 ltt
330(10 10 33127 24133356 IB
3337 1 % 16 33483 24 |.'«M0 24
83068 24 3370(1 16 33788 18
03843..... 40134117 40 :. 14324 16
S4509 24134532 40[34544i 18
:u.-.7i> l«IS4nR2 80i:t4«10 24.
34614 ' 8034811 40M40O6 12O
350SO 16 35119 40 83163 24
35723..... 16 36030 16 36230 24
30286 10.16322 1« 36368 10
3<W<iO l«13t'>«<!5 80(36015 24
3C9iil 1637179 10 37251 24
37620 24 37684.'.... 10 37827 40
37S64 2438003 10 3S244 24
88565 80
38586 16138815 16 38837 16
3S892 8O|3SO53 24 30079 16
39113 24 39231 16 39268 40
S9411 120 39628 24 397C9 ltt
39928 80 309.S5 244002S...., 16
40143 1640280 1640281..... 10
402.39 16 40435 24 40063 16
40024 80 40603 24 40721 40
40731 16 40736 40 40747...., 80
41044 80 41056 24 41075 24
41128 80 41353 40 41410 40
41457 24 41464 40 41489 16
41557 1641722 16 41827 40
41912 2441031,.... 40 42073..;.. 40
42211 16 42222 16 42472 24
42056 80 4269«. . . . . 40 42878 16
42928 1642945 10 43004 24
43242 16 43313 16 43343 24
43463 80 43632 16 43608 IS
43818 16 43975 16 44083 16
44179 1644261 16 44441 80
44510 1644575 80 44626 40
44692 24 44709 40 44848 4O
44S56 120 45022 . 24 45099..... 16
45169 2445227 4O 45236 24
45255 16 4P277 „ 24 45616 ie
45712..... 40 45823 120 45843 40
'45084 1646000 24 46120 80
4f>157 16 46266 24 40332 16
46360 2446672 16 46636 16
46&17 16 46974 24 47151 24
47168 40 47246 * 16 47274..... 16
47297 16 47633 16 47658..... 24
47704 2147798 80 47907 10
47964 16 48069 24 48104 24
48130 1648156 16 48264 80
48287..... 80 4*346 24 48397 80
48457 16 48467 16 4S581 24
48649 24 4S864 16 4S043 16
4S962 24 49028..... 16 49120 80
40137 80 49145....'. 24 49154 120
49259 40 49294..... 24 49335 80
49768 80 40878...... 40 49971 10
49973 16 50062 24 50094 24
50106 16 50124 24 50167 24
5040S 1650435 16 50436 .16
50534 24 50603 16 50809 80
50S35 16 50857 24 50034 18
51138 16 31202 16 51246 IS
51247 16 51431 24 51468 18
51572..... 16 51986 24 52136 40
52218 16 52245 16 52283 16
52333 24 52509 16 52535 40
52767 16 52938..... 40 53170..... i«
53277 16 53348 24 53419 10
53503 80 53619 40 53735 l«
53032 40 53942..... 24 53040 l«
54128 4054284 40 54337 16
54(530..... 16 54662 16 54743 i«
64816 4054818 16 54960 40
05012 12055033 1C 55085 40
55228 24 55247 1655304 40
55338 24 55362 . 40 55404 16
55443 40 55458 40 55502 is
55527 16 55528 120 85555 16
55604. 4055743 16 55808 80
55819 16 55845 24 55013 SO
55900 16 53993 40 56512 24
56547 16 56562 16 56566 41)
50572..... 40 56730 16 5C771 24
56816...... 24 5C824 16 57142 16
57188 16 572-17 16 57464 40
57697 16 58158 24 58189 i 8
f>S233 40 58:142 16 58378 16
58404..... 16C8520..... 40 58528 la
58748.. i.. 16 53133 24 50153..;.. i«
59253..... - 2430302..... 16 59373 10
50400 1050413 10 59479 ir
50517 16 59564 16 59«54 8( >
59806 4059S31 40 59834 16
508S8..'... 4050305..... 10 C0021 24
BIXI74 4O|60128 16 60213..... m
G03C0 10iC0364 80 60386 in
00425 2460500 40 00515 »o
C0795. 80G0871 16 60880 04
61042 2461128 40 61341. .... 24
61462. 80 61404 16 0150.1 i«
01525...... 40 61603 16 61728...:. 24
(51788 .... It
«184l"..... 16 61849 16 61044..... i«
01948..... 4061961..... 16 61006 is
02008 10«2022 10 G21KS 24
' 62240 r.'.V. 80 62324 40 62333 46
62447 80 02467 24 152485 i«
C2508.:... 16G2723..... 24 63008...'.. ift
63075 4003275 24 633*1 45
03447 40163504 16 63553 120
U3577 16163630..;.. 16 63670... I. 24
63731... •• 80
K1772 80163810 16 63SS3. la
C3010 16:63025 16 61030,.... «0
64152..... 10 64317 l«l«4357l;*M 40
C4407 . 16,6448a 24IB4715. . ... l«
64771 16 C4813 80 64920 l«
04044. 80 65114 24 C5J55. .,.. 21
05307 24O5400 24 B5423. . ... m
05443 24 C5505 . 24 eS352 24
05640 24 65703 40 65766 16
65S06.,... 16 65898 .- 16 66010 ltt
06321..... 16 66468...... 16 66746 16
66905 40066048 40 67084 16
67006 16 87103..... 10 67212 24
C7255 24(67362 16 67407 40
No. Prize. |Na Prize. [No. Prize.
67412.... •• 24167517 40*67521 1«
ti7GS» 18 67K65 ltU677US> 1«
678B4 120 U791S l«iSS07S,. ... 16
esnu i x4|6si:j» i«itis34r..... is
6S570 8O«SS07 24I6SS5J SO
«8903 4o;t5so<;2 24;oy&*! 3'
©128 241C9221 40iC925S 8")
c»25a siitittui muaioso 1«
roes 40t»ftlT..... lBi69t>5« 1«
6*718 * lGt3)Sl« 4O?b1»834 2V
C9850 40«9SSS 16i«59 4 Jtt) 21
70215 S0|7fi200 181*0838.' .'.'.. 80
70414..... 24 70434.,... 1*70512 40
70576..... 24|70&S4 16i70712 1*
70641 l«|71085...., S0l7i:t92 24
71403 lt> 715.11 2M71532 2k
716S0 16 7171S 24,71770 8000
T19C5 4071007 4O[7101l 24
71031 ie 72088 24|72142 24
72IC9 24 721S« HJ172UU7 W
72310 24 72£:0 40017^540 X»
72920 24 TMZti 40|7302S *4
73055 -JO731T7 16|7324« ?*
73350...,. 2170370 40|7347S .40
73320...1." 24 73675 1B173755 2-1
73782 16 I
73814 16 t 73S2<: 80j73S32 0
"38KJ 2O(7:W70 16[7:»33 4O
74113.;... 10I741S8 40174131 1*
74260 40 743tt> 24(74373..... 80
74613 1« 74627 24 7H-S7 t&>
74945 40 75011 24 75111 IS
75182..... • 2-1 75211 16 73226..... IB
7X!07 24 73.138 40 75-llG 4O
75472 1U75505 lti 753.J2 ¥>
75C66 16 73573 24 75632 24
T5750 16 76158 16 70220 24
76282 - 40 76396. 1« 7«0:; 24
7B42S 16 7C4i"KK.... 40j7t>57« 1«
76«V7 24i7»iSl!> 1HJ7UB57 1«
77027 ltt(77«<-t 16j77HS5 1«
772»W 24 77270 24|773.?5 40
77306 24 77 »9 1CJ77765 80
77810 16 77S55 46J77SC2 IS
77935..... 24 77£H2 4f>j7N()G5 24
780SS 16 7&;70 24173319 18
78580 ' 24178703 16|7M777. . ... 18
7SSS2 1C7S907 16|78»S» 34
78907 ' IS 70023 SO 7!MK8 40
7&093 24 79153..... 80170202 40
79<KO lti 7i)tii;0 &lr79T18 4»
797^9 80 79792 a4|801H4 S4
80143 2-1 S0212 lClStcrTO..... -U*
o<Wl SO 8037H 80 SO43U 21
80454 40S04SO 16|SWS00..... 24
80625 16 8C8J0 40|>SOOIS. .... 1«
.8MMW IK 81021 40.S1O97 40
SUS2 2»isi2:rr •totti.itfT 24
81«16 16|S1»»O 40,81708 1«
817»5 24 81SOH 4(H» Ml.SfKJ. .... 2»
K1973...,. 1KN2G3* 16.JC0T8 It9
92143...,. 40JS21S2 l«I822t«5 10
82381..... 40i8244l tO'.s2550 ltt~
82U10 a4IS^G04 40J82715 IS
82S13 3! 1*3*20 ltiiS.il 1O SO
8315O 4O KM t» I«'s.t:a7 21
83381..... 24:8.Ut32 4fll&437,. . . ■ 19
S3533 40O;S3<4U 24!
ssuia 24iwtwi its'siosi 49
84113 4o.sn.-w in sti.W $4
841X2 ltf|H4l»l 24;M4483 4O
84&H> • 24 S4WS7 Itis Ditto 34
84831 24MS33 UiSKHU Ill
(IliUS 2thU033 W A5U17 HO
W318 1«KSM22 lrtsMXJ lt»
853C«! 2i!S54UJ 21 S343U ltt
KS477 Z4 MSStM HJl.SJM* 40
85014 10S30S3 16186131 IB
.sr.ias 120 muss ■»ni i :«i-^u>..... i-'
M324TI.... 243ICB0 1«;WU<H - J8
8tU3O 4n Nitfic I silTii* 1*1
8fiS01 lfiSfi.S.10 40Ji6S38 t'l
87C02 4OM70ON ltt|.S7O47 "it
87167 24IX727S l«|8742l t*
(17434 MHT471 l»5|H«.Va) 4O
S7«>it1 SOIX7«:«>. .... 24lx7rtW i 4«>
87745 241877© 40IS7791 130
877D4 KJlJWtKU 2l|S8l34 ltt
S81K8 l«KS24fl 4«>iKSo8:J 4I>
8,Sia2 1«IH8IH!0 8088778..... Itt
8S913 24180034 24i.Hai27 2*
89138..... 40 .*>SK«« HiSlurJ *O
WHO 40 8U727 l«!.S07::ti . 1«
SUSS4...., 24S0883.,... 40jUO153 24
00183 24i00l84 40(00224. .... 24
00303 40 00401 16 WV180. .... 24
9OC«« IS 00737 16 90S53 Itt
0OS58 16 90S04 16 !M1W>3 16
90827 18 W1025 lS!»ltn:6 >«
QH150 16 »i:C!3 80J91440 4O
01450 24,91tiC5 24!»lfiO3 21
01831 16|01S3T 2102037 16
02177 10102257 24 »2327..... . 24
92410 40102482 24 92519 80
B2730 1B927SG 16102781 24
92S**>3..... 1" [02SSS. .... 4OI!l2!>.-55. .... . 1«
03(.r;7 40|rt3072 24!!K5153 4O
03234 1CI93374 2l!m50 24
93480 WlimOS 24JWB13 18
erjfSMJ 16 03808 40|938i>7 18
0.T0S1 40194148 21|9Utl4 24
04.180 1694388 16!:>44t2 1«
94417 40194471 16iJM5£5 J SO
045S9 40104501 24;»4745 24
84763 400I04S1S l(l!04S73 80
05062..:.. 241 WHO 84105233 24
O.VJ.'iO 24105362 21195^86 40
ftiWl 1C|I)T.M7 lrt!93392 24
B.V«)rt..... 12OJKW8O f»8B»n 18
O&O77 40 93970 l« OtilBO IB
90*21 40WtnU..... l«IOtH+* 2»
00534 . . . 1«!9«M7 1000 0i'.7O6 24
M7:n!.... 24l»f».V» 40 07W0 lit
B7174 a4|O710ft 1607199 IB
P7521 24i»7274 24 97287 2*
97:t"O ...". ie|O73»ft SO 97779 1*
OTSIO 80|07039 16 9S0S4 HO
08003 2-1198103 16(08233 ltt
08244 24108203 24 08340 1«
08412 16.08KW 16108725 1«
0«732 1B19S752 24'988R0 1«
0«S97 l«in«0O8 4O!»i»279 IB
JK12.V9 24I»»3'.>4 l«ia«3<i.-l..... 1ft
004.X1 1(1 0»749 «>I«>7S7 40
P0S13 18 900M 80 90083 14
0COS7 24 I
APPROXIMATION PRIZES.
' 100 numbers from 13.342 to 19.442. Inclusive,
being 90 numbers on each aids of tha number
drawing the capital prim of $:tf).O0O— <40.
100 numbers from 71.720 to 71.82f). inclusive,
being &0 numbers on each side ot the number
drnwlngf th« capital prt»* of $.*0*H> — $24.
100 numbers from 81.733 to aUSft Inclusiv*.
being SO numbers on each side nt the number
urawinr the capital prUe of |IOOQ— $16.
TERMINAL PRIZES.
000 numbers ending with 02, beins the two
last figures of the number drawing the capital
prize of $3O,00O— *S.
00O numbers ending with 70. being th« two
last ngurra of the number drawing ihe second
capital prUe of fS00ft~|8.
The subscriber having supervised the slngla
cumber drawing, class "M." Honduras Na
tional Lottery Company, hereby certifies that
the above are -the numbers which were this
day drawn from the 100,000 placed In the wheel,
with the prizes corresponding to them.
W. S. CABELL. Commlsloner. .
"Witness my hand at Puerto Corte*. Hon
duras. C. A., this Saturday. December 14. 1901.
17500 FOR 50 CENTS— ONE-QUARTER OF
FIRST CAPITAL PRIZE. I
State of Louisiana, Parish of Orleans, City of
New Orleans — ss.
Personally appeared before me, Edward
Rlghtor. a notary public In and for the pariah,
of Orleans and State of Louisiana, Joseph M.
Armbruater, who being duly sworn, says that
he is the owner of one-quarter ticket No.
4:1.63-1 of the Honduras National Lattery Com
pany (Louisiana State Lottery), 'which, drew
the first prize of thirty thousand dollars at
the monthly drawing at Puerto Cortez. Hon
duras, November 9, 1901. and that said priza
was paid to him on presentation of said ticket.
J. M. ARMBRUSTER.
Sworn and subscribed to before ma' thlm
November 14. 1901.
EDWARD RIGHTOR, Notary Public.
$7500 FOR 50 CENTS— ONE-QUARTER 07
FIRST CAPITAL PRIZE.
State of Missouri. City of St. Louis — ss.
Mr. WUliam S. Wllkins deposes and says:
That he resides in the city of St. Louis at 2S10
Wyoming str«et and he Is employed at Fourth
and Spruce streets; that he is the rightful
owner of one-fourth ticket No. 43,654, which
drew the first capital prize of thirty thousand
dollars in tha Honduras National Lottery Com
pany (Louisiana State ♦ Lottery) drawing of
Saturday, November 9, 1301, in Puerto Cortes.
Honduras, and that he received the amount la
full. WILLIAM S. WILKINS.
Witness: JOHN F. ROBINSON.
Subscribed and sworn to before ma this No
vember 18, 1001. CHA3. E. HANNAUER,
Notary Public.
$3750 FOR 25 CENTS— ONE-EIGHTH OF
FIRST CAPITAL PRIZE.
NEW YORK, Nov. 15. 1901.
I am the bona-nde owner of one-eighth ticket
No 43,654, Class L» of the J Honduras National
Lottery Company, which number won the first
capital prize of thirty thousand dollars at th»
drawing held on November 9, 1901. at Puerto
Cortez. Honduras, C. A., and I have received
the amount of said prize, thirty-seven hundred
and fifty dollars. DAVIS PUNITZ.
231 Madison street.
Sworn t» before me this. 15th day of Novem
ber 1901.
M. SALMANOWITSH, Notary Public
$4000 FOR |1— ONE-HALF OF SECOND CAP
ITAL PRIZE.
Btate of Illinois, County of Peoria. City ot
Peoria — £3. ISfePJjgH
Before me. Walter H. Kirk, a notary pub
lic in and for the said county, personally cans
William Powers of Seneca, La Salle County,
111., who beinsr by me first duly sworn, on his
oath says: That he resides in the said town
of Seneca and that he is the bona-nde bolder
and owner of one half ticket No. 20,757. Clasa
L, of the Honduras National Lottery Companay
(Louisiana State Lottery Company), drawing of
Saturday, November ,9. 1901, which number
drew the second capital prize of eight thou
sand dollars ($8000). and said sum of f400O was
paid to him on presentation of said ticket.
WILLIAM POWERS.
Subscribed and sworn to before me, thla day,
November 20. A. D. 10U1.
WALTER H. KIRK. IJotary Public.
83730 FOR 25 CENTS— ONE-EIGHTH OF
FIRST CAPITAL. PRIZE.
State of Louisiana, Parish of Orleans, City of
New Orleans— ss.
Personally appeared before me. Edward
RlKhtor. a notary public. Paul S. Odward of
24tt West Division strtet. Chicago, 111., who
being duly sworn, said: That he la the holder
of one-e!ghth ticket No. 43.654 of the Honduras
National Lottery Company (Louisiana State
Lottery) and that the said ticket won the
tint capital prize of thirty thousand dollars at
the drawing held at Puerto Cortez. Honduras,
November 9, 1001. PAUL S. ODWARD*
Sworn to and subscribed Uo before me this
day. November 20, 1001.
EDWARD RIGHTOR. Notary Public.
Originals of foregoing affidavits held by
President of Honduras National Lottery Com
pany (Louslana State Lottery CompaayJ.
1112
j '; v. •-. ADVERTISEMENTS. '
■i-i-ni iimi i : 1 1 : i-i-t- m n i-i-i 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 i : 1 1 1 m-i-m-
Friday and Saturday
...CUT RATES...
-FOR-
Christmas Offerings.
Notwithstanding 1 it has been the custom of
advancing- rates at this season, we, in order
to distribute quantities, will give our cus-
tomers the benefit of CUT RATES.
GOLDEN GATE
CLOAK and SUIT HOUSE
200 STYLISH RAGLANS and # COATS, made of standard quality
Kersey and Oxford Cloth, with new yoke back, double capes or
tailor strapped. Cut Rates, $1O.OO, $12.uO, $15.00, $17.50.
Regular price, $12.50, $15.00, $20.00, $22.50.
25 HIGH NOVELTY PEAU DE SOIE and TAFFETA V RAGLANS
and NEWMARKETS, elegantly trimmed. Cut Rates, $37.50,
$40.00, 345.OO. "Were $50.00, $57.50, $65.00. \ \
150 TAILOR SUITS, newest style Eton, New Blouse and Walking: Suits,
well made, perfect fitting. Cut Rates, $10.00, $12.50, $15.00 ?
$2O.OO. Were $12.50, $15.00, $20.00. $25.00.
300 MISSES' and CHILDREN'S RAGLANS and BOX COATS, very
latest styles. Cut Rates, $4.00, $6.50, $7.50, $8.50, $10.00.
Regular prices $6.oo, $8.oo, $io.oo, $12.00, $15.00.
200 FUR CAPES, Electric Seal and River Mink. Cut Rates, $T.5O,
$10.00, $12.50, $15.00. Were $10.00, $15.00, $17.50, $22.50.
350 FEATHER BOAS. Black, Natural and Gray, at CUT RATE
PRICES.
1230-1232-1234 MARKET STREET.
It is life to the eyesight as
". well as to the body; but un-
less the vibrations of light
impress the retina of the eye
; at the proper focus glasses
must be used to correct the
trouble. Clear vision depends
upon a proper eye focus. It <
is our business to adjust the
light to the eyes by fitting
the latter with the proper
glasses. Don't trust a novice
to do this. Our expert services
are at your disposal.
; Remember our name and
number.
STANDARD OPTICAL
2\7 Kearny St. Swfaja
ARDENT LETTERS READ IN COURT
DURING SUIT FOR MAINTENANCE
Miss Maud Nevill Identifies Epistles Which She Says
Were Sent to Her by Samuel W. Cheyney.'
Samuel ,W. Cheyney, who is being sued
for maintenance by Maud Nevill, his al
leged wife. Is capable of writing a very
amorous epistle if those that were sub
mitted in evidence yesterday in Judge
Sloss* court are good examples. For sev
eral days past Maud has had her letters
to Cheyney exhibited and read in court.
She refused to identify any of them, but
S. S. Stewart Banjos
Geo. Bauer Guitars
and Mandolins.
These make most acceptable and ap-
propriate Christmas gifts because of
the positive excellence of the instru-
ments. You may know that in giv-
ing them you are selecting the finest
instruments of this class ever made.
Every banjo, guitar and mandolin of
these makes is individually made,
numbered, registered, signed and
guaranteed.
They are played the world over by
professionals, teachers and amateurs,
and their standard of excellence 5s
universally recognized. They have
Rained this popularity solely through
merit— the tone, durability and finish
of the Instruments being perfection It-
self.
Sherman. Clay & Co. extend you a
cordial invitation to . inspect their
salesrooms, where a complete line of
these goods are displayed.
If you cannot call write for cata-
logue B-4.
Sherman, Clay & Co.
Stcinway Piano Dealers
Cor. Kearny and Butter sts., 8. F.
Cor. 13th and Broadway, Oakland.
711 Second avenue, Seattle.
NOTICE.
GEORGE MATERLE, the German Expert
Optician. 1071 Vt Market street, near Seventh,
does not travel nor visit cities outside of San
Francisco, neither does he employ any opti-
cians to represent him.
OFFICE CHIEF OF POLICB.
"It rives me much pleasure to recommend to
the public Mr. GeorKe Mayerle of San Fran-
cisco. I have been using glasses for the past
four years, and during that time have consulted
several opticians, but not until I consulted Mr.
George Mayerle and had him fit glasses to my
eyes did I set entire satisfaction. Most re-
spectfully. J. H. ANDERSON.
•'Sersreant of Police. San Francisco."
NEW SIGHT FOR XMAS.
mtsst*. Make a present that will be
highly appreciated for
*?g|i|l|L MANY YEARS TO COME.
/ .^JifSSS^SL'; Mayerle's Superior Quality
5fS3SfvC^' Eyeglasses are the only ones
. indorsed by the highest U. S.
Army, Navy and Government
officials. "Will -be sent by express, with privi-
lege of trying them before paying any charges.
Prices $5, $10 and $15. When ordering state
age, occupation, also whether glasses are want-
ed for reading or to see off. GEORGE
MAYERLE, Graduate German Expert Opti-
cian, 1071% Market, near Seventh, San Fran.
Cisco. Tel. South 572. German Eyewater, 60c.
Send money to George Mayerle and receive
an Order for one pair of Mayerle's Superior
Quality- EyeglasseE. Such a present can
NEVER BE FORGOTTEN. Cut This Out. ■
DR.MGNULTY.
THIS WELL-KNOWN AND RELIABLE OLD
6 pecUlist cures Blood Poison, Gonorrhcea,Gleet,
Stricture. Seminal Weakness, Impotence and tbeir
allied Disorders. Book on Diseases of Men, free.
OrerMyears'experience. Terms reasonable. Hours,
Sto3datly;6:30 to 8. SOev'gs. fiunday»,10to 12. Consul-
tation free and sacredJy confidential. Call or address
p. boscoe arcx ui«Tir. m. d.
26 }£ Kearny St., San Francisco, Cal.
she was not a bit backward yesterday in
informing the court that the letters pur
porting 1 to be written by Cheyney were
from the pen of her alleged husband,
laken altogether, the letters written by
Cheyney and his alleged wife are as trop
ical in tone as any letters that have been
seen at the City Hall in a number of
years. Like Maud's letters, those of
Cheyney were changeable. One would be
full of fatherly advice, references to good
deeds and of kind expressions, while an
other would speak only of love. About
forty of the mining man's letters were
read. They all were addressed to "My
dear little girl," and closed with "Affec
tionately, S. W. C."
Cecelia and Helena Pounding, mutual
friends of Cheyney and his alleged wife.
were on the witness stand yesterday. The
young ladies identified the letter written
by Cheyney to Miss Cecelia Pounding, in
which he refers to Miss Nevill as his
"wiffle." They testified, however, that
though they* had frequently seen Chey
ney and Maud Nevill together, they had
never heard him refer to her as his wife
Miss Nevill also • identified a letter in
her own handwriting and signed "Maud "
received by Cheyney while she was vis
iting in Oakland. She claims that this
letter was written by her at Cheyney's
dictation. The letter is an appeal for
help, and in it she claims she was made
to say, "You have promised to be my
friend for old' times* sake."
Suits for divorce were granted to Hat
tie E. Stout from George W. Stout for
cruelty, Ida Tite from George Tite for
failure to provide. Jennie C. Plumbe from
William P. Plumbe for failure to provide,
Hattie Downs from George Downs for
desertion and Charles E. Montgomery
from Catherine F. Montgomery for will
ful desertion. .•„■;; ; -
Jennie Verley filed a suit for divorce
against Andrew M. Verley for failure to
provide.
Ancient Deed Bevived.
L. C. ' Church petitioned the Superior
Court yesterday to appoint a trustee for
the property deeded by Henry Howison
in September,' 1850, to James King of ■Wil
liam, Edward Vischer and William Meyer,
In trust for certain friends of Howison.
The trustees died within a short time
after the trust deed was made and
Ciurch wants some one appointed to see
that the terms of the trust are carried
out and to care for the property. The
property In question consists of bay and
water lots Nos. 226 and 227.
Raises Pay of Employes.
: George A. Newhall, president of the
Presidio and Ferries Street Railroad, has
Informed the employes that the company
will make a uniform raise in wages after
January 1. An increase from 19^ cents an
hour to 21 cents will be made in the pay
of conductors and gripmen. President
Psewhall states that he considers It but
fair that employes should have a share
of the profits. • . .
Christmas Novelties, Oil and China
Painting. Sofa Pillows. Opera Bags. etc.
Mrs. Hatch, 131 Post st. ,.,</• .•
THE SAN FRANCISCQCALL; FRIDAY, DECEMBER 20, 1901
ROBBER THANKS
INTENDED VICTIM
Broker Neville Advises
Thief While Looking
Down a Gun.
Assailant Departs in Tears
and Sends Explana
tory Letter.
Driven desperate with the thought that
his poverty would deprive his wife and
babies of even the comforts of life on, the
coming Yuletide, a well dressed man, with
the bearing of a gentleman, entered the
establishment of E. H. Neville, a money
broker at 114 .Montgomery street, shortly
after 8 o'clock yesterday morning. He
promptly covered Neville with a revolver
and ordered him to pass out a tray of
gold and silver that rested on a shelf be
hind the counter. Neville coolly turned
to the gentleman robber and said: . . ;
"You may shoot me if you want to,
but I will not give you any money; not
a dollar."
Neville's manner filled the would-be
thief with, amazement, and noting that
bis refusal to comply with the demand to
surrender his gold had been effective for
the time' at least Neville again com
menced to talk.
"A man of your appearance and. appa
rent health snould oe ashamed to tatce
this means of enriching himself. There
are many ways one may make a living
and an honest one, too," said Neville,
moving round the counter toward the
man, who still held his pistol pointed at
the broker's head.
When Neville reached the gate that led
into the main passageway of the estab
lishment the man who came for his gold
lowered his weapon.
"No! No! I can't kill a man," he said,
half to himself, half to Neville.
Then Neville began to talk again, rea
soning with the man who came to rob
him, "and," said Neville, "the tears be
gan to course down his cheeks. I fol
lowed him to the door. He stopped,
turned round and we shook hands. He
was not a rascal. .This I knew, and my
words to him. It is my opinion, stopped
him in the commission of a crime, which,
if carried' out, as I afterward learned he
intended to do, would have taken him to
the gallows and his family to endless
sorrow.
"But the remarkable part of the story
is yet to come. The afternoon mail
brought to me a letter from my visitor
of the morning. It was not signed, but
was full of expression of gratitude that
he had left my place with his hands free
of my blood. He said he was desperate.
His family was In want and his children
hungry. He had decided upon my estab
lishment as the easiest to loot. Passing
along the street he saw me behind the
counter, saw the gold and silver in tho
trays on the shelf and stepped into the
door.
"He intended, he said in his letter, that
if I resisted he would kill me. He would
fire four shots into my body, take my
gold and try to escape to his home with
the money that would mean so much to
those dependent on him, and then. If cap
ture was probable, he would end his life
with the one remaining bullet in his
weapon. But I had stopped him from
carrying out his purpose, and his deter
mination to win honest comforts for those
at home was strengthened.
"He is not a rascal— a criminal through
inclination, tie had been driven to at
tempt this crime and to sacrifice his life
if need be to bring the comfort that gold
would brine: to his wife and babies,
though he did not think of the dark years
ahead for those he was so wlllingf to help
had my life and his been the cost of
their momentary opulence." . •
YOUTHS' DIRECTORY IS
A GROWING CHARITY
Tather Crowley's Work of Rescuing
Waifs of the City Shows Good
Results.
Father D. O. Crowlpy's good work in
connection with the Youths' Directory,
3561 Nineteenth street, shows increased
and the most satisfactory results for the
last quarter. The institution is non-sec
tarian and Is doing a large amount of
■work among and for the destitute boys
of San Francisco without any aid what
ever from either church, or State, relying
entirely on contributions.
The institution takes in and provides
for more than 60CL boys annually — boys
gathered from all quarters, the streets,
poor homes, hospitals and prisons. The
charity, especially at this season, looks
for kindly aid and remembrance.
Iron Molder.Beaten.
W. L. Donnelly, a nort-unlon molder em
ployed at Murray Brothers' foundry, was
set upon and beaten by a gang of men
said to be strikers at the corner of Beale
and Folsom streets about 5:30 o'clock last
night. Donnelly, accompanied by several
fellow workmen who live in Alameda,
was on his way to the ferry to catch the
boat when he was assaulted.- Several of
the workmen were also beaten, but Don
nelly w%s the only one who was injured
seriously enough to need medical atten
tion. His wounds were dressed at the
Harbor Hospital. -
Bargains for Christmas.
• Cameras, Photo Supplies, Grapho
phones. Records, for sale at cost to close
out Estate of W. A. "Hartter. L. Hartter,
Administrator? 513 Examiner building. •
Mansfeldt Piano Recital.
Last night a piano recital was given at
Sherman & Clay Hall by Hugo Mansfeldt,
who has just returned from Europe. A
programme including compositions by
Beethoven, Bach, Schumann, Chopin and
Liszt was given. A large audience at
tended.. . .
ADVERTISEMENTS.
N From to-morrow until Tuesday, inclusive, we will ' sell ladies' black,
green and red felt Romeos at OOc a pair. These are seamless shoes of fine
thick felt, have hand-turned soles, and are as good as any sold in the city
at $1.25. Remember, the 9O cent price is for four days.
Another of the specials is a ladies' Children's and misses' finest
mercerized Romeo, lined with flannel crochet slippers,, either plain red or
and trimmed with fur, hand-made, blu e or . combination of lavender
and sold regularly for $1.50; \ for the ? nd w , hlte ' or . blue and white: for the
next four days the price- is $1.15. V cSS^tS^VSd;- * tO X °'
Children's and misses* red or A large assortment of men's slip-
black, felt Romeos. warm lined; ?g?l ? S ? tm . M Aa ™?*'
. , ., , , c . f- . warm lined; boys- and children sslip-
pnces.for the four days: Sizes 6 to pcrs . and patent leather shoes and a
8. TOc, Sy 2 to 11; Toe; .ii^. to 2, number of useful holiday K ifts for
80c. • . . . young and old. '
Our Shoe Orders make very appropriate and convenient Christmas'
presents. .
Country orders filled and expressed on the same day as received.
SENIOR SENATOR
PERKINS COMES
OFF THE FENCE
The President and Bard
Compel Him to De
scend.
Ousted Faction of Labor
Party Goes to Law for
Help. /
Senator Bard and other members of the
California Congressional delegation, as
sisted by Charles M. Belshaw and sus
tained by the President, have compelled
Senator Perkins to declare himself. It
appears that the President heartily ap
preciates the humor of the situation. Our
senior Senator has held for a long time
the record for clever balancing on: the
fence, but at last he has been compelled
to alight.
For the past year Perkins has been
representing: to the anti-boss forces in
California that he was ready to join Sen
ator Bard in recommending a change in
the Collectorship of Internal Revenue,
First California District. At the same
time he was representing to the machine
politicians of the State that he would not
join in a measure to bring about a change.
Before leaving California for Washington
the adroit Senator found his position on
the fence quite uncomfortable and sought
to, extricate himself by transferring the
Lynch fight to the whole Congressional
delegation on the ground that the Sen
ators could not agree. Representatives
Loud.Kahn, Metcalf, Coombs, Needham,
Woods and McLachlan resolved that the
Senator should not escape in that direc
tion and accordingly 'refused to mix in.
In the meantime President Roosevelt was
apprised of the Senator's dilemma and
whenever the latter visited the White
House the President advised him to settle
the collectorship differences with Senator
Bard. „
Forced to Declare Himself.
Finding all avenues of evasion closed
the senior Senator had to come down and
enter a protest against the removal of
John C. Lynch. Everybody in Washing
ton Is laughing and th<* President and
Senator Bard are being congratulated for
their success in forcing the wily Senator
to declare himself. It is reported that
the President was highly amused when
Senator Perkins remarked: "As chairman
of the Senate Committee on Civil Service
R«form I cannot consistently recommend
the removal of an efficient public serv
ant."
Senator Perkins will keep his agreement
with the machine to retain Lynch until
he can find some adroit method of break
ing it, but break it he will by some twist
or turn, for he cannot afford to remain
in the position of being responsible for
the retention of Lynch. Ultimately he
will be constrained to accept the sugges-.
tion of the President and come to an
agreement with Senator Bard on the Col
lectorship. The President signifies that
he will not make a change in the office
against the protest of the senior Senator,
hence Perkins must take the whole re
sponsibility for Lynch's retention. The
President is obviously determined that the
Republicans of California shall know
where the responsibility rests.
Next Senatorial Contest.
The subject is bound to have an im
portant bearing on the next Senatorial
election. There is nothing In the patron
age of the Revenue Collector's office to
Justify a party squabble for the spoils,
but here a principle is involved. Lynch,
as the known agent, of corrupt bosses
and the active servant of the Southern
Pacific, repeatedly left his Federal of
fice in San Francisco to visit j Sac
ramento . and engage in the low
est kind of . political work to de
feat the will of the anti-boss Re
publicans. After the defeat of the bosses
by .the election of Senator Bard Lynch
used the prestige of his Federal posi
tion to fight Republican candidates for
the Legislature who refused to take or
ders from the railroad. In sustaining
Lynch Senator Perkins has forfeited his
right to expect the support " of anti-boss
Republicans In the next contest for
United States Senator. It is no secret
that Belshaw, Greenwell, Nelson, Cald
well and other hold-over State Senators
regret that Perkins has seen fit to cast
his political fortunes with the avowed
champions of boss rule.
The ousted Delaneyltes of the Union
Labor party's executive committee have
taken their grievances . to court. They
have obtained an orderj to restrain the
Parryltes from mutilatine or destroying
the records of the committee. The plain
tiffs in the case are:
W. P. Delaney, J. C. Lane, John McKeon,
Tim Ryan. H. J. Power. W. H. Hutchinson,
I W. P Stanton, F. Cassldy, J. Mullally and J.
A. Wilson.
The defendants are:
G. W. Aubertine, J. W. Crowley,.J. S. Parry,
P Duffy, James Roxburgh, G. Krimphoft V.
Bello, A. H. Ewell, M. .Fltzpatrick. John
Quinn, J. J. Harper, J. Dowling, S. Simmons,
M. Holloway and P. Frederichs.
Restraining Order Issued.
It is alleged by the plaintiffs that
George W. Aubertine has been advised
by Parry, Ewell and others to destroy
entries In the minute book of the com
mittee.
Judge Murasky yesterday issued a re
straining order, returnable at 10 a. m.
on December 23 in Department 2 of the
Superior Court. The plaintiffs gave a
bond of $500 to cover any • damage that
Aubertine may suffer by reason of the
order of the court restraining him from
mutilating, destroying or expunging cer
tain entries in the minute book of the
executive committee' of the Union Labor
party and the originals of j the rough
minutes of the meeting of said commit
tee held on December 10, and from deliv
ering them to any other person or re
moving the same beyond the reach of
the process of the court.
BURGLAR'S KIT
PUZZLES POLICE
Mint House Tragedy
Develops Another
Mystery.
Police Seeking a Stranger
Who Is Believed to Be
a Cracksman.
The mystery surrounding the identity of
the man -who fell to his death from a
third-story window at 933 Mission street
Wednesday night has been cleared up, but
it has been .succeeded by a deeper one.
The detectives found in the room from
which the man plunged downward to
a tragic death' a portion of a kit of bur
glar's tools, and are now diligently seek
ing a young man who came to San Fran
cisco last Saturday from Fresno in the
company of a girl known as May Taylor.
The young man may prove to be a skilled
safe-cracker, or he may turn out to be
simply an amateur with a lately acquired
ambition to become a knight of the jim
my.
The remains of the dead man were iden
tified at the Morgue late yesterday after
noon as those of Conrad Kemp, a quarry
man, who arrived on "Wednesday from
Arizona, where he had been at work.
Thomas Sawyer, who runs a saloon at 935
Mission street, and his son, William Saw
yer, a hoseman with Engine No. 17, both
old acquaintances of Kemp, Identified the
remains positively. Kemp had called at
Sawyer's place immediately after reach
ing the city. Thomas Sawyer says that
the quarryman had about $65 with him
and said that he was expecting a draft
for ?150 yesterday from San\a. Barbara.
"When Kemp's body was found on the
pavement there was less than a dollar in
change in the pockets.
May Taylor returned at 2:30 o'clock to
the room, in which she had been with
Kemp. She. said. she had met him soon
after 11 o'clock and had taken him to her
room. She accounted for her absence at
the -line of the tragedy by saying that he
had given her money to go out and get an
oyster loaf and she had left on that mis
sion. She asserts that Kemp was intoxi
cated. •
The girl says that she came from Fresno
with a man named "Frank," whom she
had' known but a week. He told her he
was a waiter, but was tired of working in
Fresno and would go to San Francisco
with her. They arrived Saturday and
took a room at the Mint House. Tuesday
evening, the girl says, "Frank" left, say
ing he would not be back until very late.
He did not return at all and she claims
not to have seen him since.
The burglar's tools consist of a Jimmy,
several drills, two .sticks of giant powder,
a coil of fuse and two dynamite caps.
They were in a dress suit case on which
were the initials "R. W. T." The girl
claims that she did not know of their
presence In the dress suit case, except
that sne looked into the case once in
"Frank's", absence and -saw the jimmy,
b,ut did not know what it was and was
afraid to ask "Frank" about it.
PROPERTY OF MRS. BKT.T,
ATTACHED BY HER SOtf
Legal Battle Is Once More Waged
Against "Mammy" Pleasant 's
Former Mistress.
The latest move in the Mrs. Bell
"Mammy" Pleasant legal controversy
was made yesterday by Attorney Frank
M. Stone and F. T. Bell, son of Mrs.
Theresa Bell. The son- and the lawyer
secured an attachment on the properties
located on Octavia and "Webster streets.
Some three or four days ago Attorney
Stone and Sam Davis of Carson created
considerable stir in legal circles by an
nouncing that "Mammy" Pleasant was
once again to be made the contral figure
in a legal battle. They petitioned the
Superior Court to remove George Eaton,
assignee of the old colored woman, and
announced that the reason they petitioned
for his removal was his failure to bring
the suits demanded by "Mammy." The
petition came up before Judge Troutt, who
gave Eaton until December 23 to answer.
Just what position Mrs. Bell's son holds
In the forces attacking his mother's
property Is not known, but It Is presumed
that as he is the person who yesterday
secured the attachment he has joined the
forces of the old servant of his father
and mother. #
NIGHT SCHOOL FOR MEN *S;
WILL OPEN IN JANUARY
Young Men's Christian Association
Prepares for Attractive Course
1 in Second Term.
Some attractive studies will be taken
up in the second term of the night school
conducted by the Young Men's Christian
Association, which opens the first week
in January. The classes in naval archi
tecture, assaying, steam engineering and
free-hand drawing have been recently
added and are among the most interest
ing studies of the school.
There are sixty different classes '. con
ducted in the night school each week. The
nature of the work is attracting a large
number of young men, as they are at
liberty to take any course or line of
studies they may desire, and are promot
ed as ■ fast as their Individual progress
will warrant.
All young men desiring to enter the sec
ond term of the school should . Join the
association this month, as the committee
has made special arrangements for them
during. December only.
EDITOR OF AMADOR
, COUNTY MAtRRIES
P. C. Buffington and Mrs. M. Evans
Are United in Matrimony at
Jackson.
JACKSON, Dec. 19.— The marriage of
P. C. Buffington and Mrs. Mary Evans
took place at the New National Hotel
Monday morning last. The Rev. Van
"Vlelt, pastor of the Methodist Episcopal
Church, . officiated at the ceremony. The
wedding was followed by a breakfast
given by Mr. and Mrs. F. A. Voorheis of
the New National Hotel, after which Mr.
and Mrs. Buffington departed for their
future home, 830 Nineteenth ntreet, Oak
land. Mr. Bufflneton is a well known
newspaper man, having been for many
years editor of the Jackson Republican
and Ledger. Mrs. Buffington is one of
the best known ladles In Amador County,
being connected with many charitable
and social organizations. .
Tried to Run the Restaurant.
L. McEntyre, J. R.,McEntyre and J. E.
McKinney entered a restaurant last night
at the corner of Sixth and Howard streets
and, according to the police, attempted to
run the place. The owners of the restau
rant resisted their attempt, and in the
melee that followed L. McEntyre had his
jaw broken. He went to the Central
Emergency Hospital for treatment.
Iron Trades Ask Assistance.
At a meeeting of the Building Trades
Council "held last night a communication
was received from" the Iron Trades Coun
cil requesting assistance in securing a set
tlement with the Vulcan Iron Works. The
matter was referred to P. H. McCarthy
as a committee of one. : The Building Ma
terial Team Drivers' Union was admitted
to membership in the Building Trades
Council. -
Fair Estate to Improve Property.
The Supervisors' Fire Committee yester
day granted permission to the Fair es
tate to construct and add two stories to
the present building on the east side of
Montgomery street, between Pine and
Bush, making the building a, seven-story
structure when completed. -
The Board of Works was. requested to
investigate the advisability of granting
a permit to E. A. Fischer to make certain
alterations in his concert hall.
Rionhart's Flaxseed Balsam
Will cure your cough. 50 cents at all druggists.
ADVERTISEMENTS. -— --
Hi^hClassToys
We can't tell you how appreciative we are
of the big and lavish trade yoio have bestowed
upon us during the year just drawing to a close.
To show our appreciation fully, we're going to
give every little chap that's a visitor to our Juve-
nile Department to-day, purchasing his Holiday
Suit or his Holiday Overcoat, and of course at our
tiny prices, a very nice toy.
The Toys are all high-class that ive're going to
give, none of the cheap affairs, but all high-class,
and of course you know how tiny our prices are.
Noiv, don't you go and buy your little boy any
toys, because he's going to get them free from us.
TO-DAY AND UNTIL WE CLOSE
PHRTSTMAS EVE %
STK/dTtSSV ClJfJHT3 1>tV "Wl/Tht&T JCbSniVOTbit M \ 0 r5 l +
ffCcf TfYt* lh^ ISA &T\ Y*/t\Wfs? xm7tt*t flliDC ' m