THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
MAJOR GENERAL WILLIAM R. SHAFTER
RETIRES AFTER FORTY YEARS' SERVICE
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
117777-:
iSAN/'^RA^SCO^MONDAY, ?JULT
7OL.TJME XC- NO. 31.
GENERAL YOUNG'S FIRST ORDER.
C«B«raiI Orden,\ \ HEADat'ARTERS .DEPARTMENT -'OF CAIil
\> FORMA.
>o. I». - \\ SAX FRAAC1SCO, Cal., June 30, 1001.
Pursuant to bi*tractlon« from the President, published in
Paragraph 43. Order* \o. 132, rnrrent ierie«, Headquar
ters of the Arm?, Wjatant General's OHlce, the nnderilffned as
x«xaes command ofVthe Department of California.
\ S/B. Jtf. YOUNG, Major General, U. S. Army.
GENERAL SHAFFER'S LAST ORDER.
General Orders, 1 HEADQUARTERS DEPARTJIEXT OF CALI
' „ \ . - FORMA.
>o.lS. J SAW. FRAXCISCO, Cal., Jane 3O, 19O1.
¦ j- The day -fixed by law for the mnMer ont of all United States
lolcnteern having arrived, the Prenldent has directed the hon
orable dincharire of the undenlitned an Major General of Volnn
teerw, and acconllnv-lj- he herel.j- relinqnlsheii the command of the
Department* of California and the Columbia.
:-;-,;,.; .AVILLIA3I R. SHAFTER, Major General, V. S. Volnnteeri.
f FORMER SOLDIERS DISCARD
THEIR ARMY CLOTHES
EIGHT ' paymasters dlsmbuted
«.15O.<W> among 4000 EOldi(\s at
the Presidio yesterday and t\rned
?000 veterans from the batUeiWds
of the Philippines' Into 4000^ fit
subjects for an, insane asyli*n.
Four regime r.t» of (infantry, two
and wo white, forgot for tb*
LhT. ?k trtSS trfbulailonc of tb»
i^^Sl t3d enf3^vored to emulate
l.^aike mill oralres.
\\ iV^ av€ra& « Payment to' touch man was
i't a hi ?° re than '' S30 °- T* 10 Possession
"lies b- " ™ J f '"«"fct. flittering tren-
P blm 4h T 4 >' GiUnt * er seemed to
*it. fct, <3eslre i to throw away his
Uie <iaJ t °f a M<1 bI * WiaW uniform, and
r!a th Uts *pom«nfln getting
f-ShUrr" Tirain tef» of long "hikes"
r***"**^^''^* 4 ther heart-breaking
Th« ej the «*MPPtow.- '.
f^Uio I et ' ln *** nl^bborhood of the
hot*.*?* 3 » te^»y| covered Wth*thi
' " Of Uoldler.. • KelmeU.^
which had sheltered dusky soldiers from
the rajs of a hot tropical, sun,, blouses
which had served some son of Mars as a
pillow on many a long march, and shoes
whlcTi had brought tears to the eyes of
Borne poor rookie suffering from the "doby
itch" "were scattered in every direction.
The soldiers would rush from the pay
table with a discharge in one hand, a few
Filipino relics In the other and pockets
fairly bursting under the weight- of the
geld be bad served so long for. He would
make for the nearest -store' and purchase
enough civilian clothing to last him a
lifetime. A daeh to the rear of the store*
a. hasty., "shift" • followed . and .' then : came
the throwing away of the~old_ duds.
. The storekeepers in the neighborhood of
the Presidio reaped [a harvefct yesterday.
For. many days they bad been preparing
for ,the musteringr ouf of the troops.: Tho
etores downtown were not a bit backward
1' % Continued on' Third' Page, \^
¦¦¦ :>: ¦¦ -: ¦-:¦ ¦: ¦ ' : •¦;¦¦¦¦ !iffi
SPECIAL TRAINS TAKE
AWAY THE EX-VO LUNTEER
AB<!?UT /2000 of the soldiers who
-were mustered cut yesterday at
' the Presidio ' ; left last night by
special trains for their homes In
various parts of the country.
Commencing at 6 p. m., the
discharged -soldiers gathered at the ferry
depot and ; before an , hour had passed the
:of the 'building presented a unique
spectacle. The majority ot the 'departing
men/wereiof the colored regiments and
there was but a s{£nkllng of whites!
¦VAt 8 p: m. the , Southern Pacific started
a special .train, arid^ It was" estimated that
tSOO .men were on the ; ferry-boat'that co n '
nected -with;, this' : train at "the'Oakland
1 mole, -, ¦'¦'¦'¦ '-' ¦-.-"">'"
'; A TIfe'^buikof^ the men left, n oweyer, ; oy
tHe} special : trains of the Santa * Fa | road/
Thej doors |*of .the' Santa ' Fe' ferry .waiting-"
room'; were Jnot opened . until ; 10 ; p. ¦ m, J .and '
the (crowd of Increased hourly /
't ¦'¦ * ¦ f .*'""-'•"¦¦¦'¦¦¦'¦'*¦.-¦*¦ * ' ' - - "» ¦' - " "¦ *» - \
until It was estimated that 1200 men were
crowded together there.
The colored men had made good use of
their money. They had purchased new
clothing-, valises, trunks, hampers and
other articles.
Every man had supplied himself with
a iiamper tilled with edibles and basket*
of choice fruits .were piled up In number.
Shortly before 10 p. m. the crush was so
great that the police endeavored to as
sist those who were In front of the crowd,
but thatr efforts were unavailing", "When
the doors were * opened all the soldiers
tried to crowd through the narrow pass
ageway at the same moment and for a
time it * looked • as If there might be a
panic. An /order was, given to throw,
open, the big doors and, allow the men to
proceed/, to. the ferry-boat without ¦ pre- '
sentlng^their. tickets,^ and it -was hot longy
Continued on Third Pag«t
Bronzed Veterans Assemble at Army Headquarters and
Witness the Retirement to Civil Life of Famous Old
Leader of America n Land Forces at Siege of Santiago
MAJOK . GENERAL. 'WILLIAM
- RUFUS • SHAFTER, one; of,
. Uncle Sam's most . famous
• flghulng men, was. placed '"upon,
'th© Vetlred list of the 'I army -.
; : yesterday ; at noon; He severed . :
his '¦'-* active .connection with ' the .' United ,
States army conscious that he .was looked i
upon /with 1 pride by, the people of th« coun
try whose flag . he had carried (to '( victory/
Md'jknbwlng' that ; th'e 'Jove^bf^thousands!
of boys lnblue who hadfaough't', under* hliri^
was,™-.'/:" 1 ".. * ' ¦ .• ;" , ; \
For -forty yearo General Shatter .had
worn the; uniform: of a United States sol
dier -and during . that /time he '. had 'been';
given by a' grateful .country^ every, honor
and every "decoration ,' from , the shoulder,
strap- of /ay lieutenant • to the stars- of ; a
major. general;^. „¦"".', '¦'•¦.
.He^ls still a'.hale, and .vigorous man and
capabiefyet'of; performing j valorous 'deeds
on the^fleld of battle, bu/L ; the laws of tha
c'o untryQ which', he' lias' We'rved' bo /faith',
fully; decreed; that he' sh'oMld^retlre'onitlie
last'; day';"of , June,""1901,' 'and 'yesteidayJat 5
noon she relinquished the command of the
Department; ; of /- California arid becama
Major. General William" R. ¦ Shatter .': U. ¦ s|
Army,^'retired. *;.' ' ',':_i\
• • He i was relieved of; his duties by Major
'General 8. "B. ¦ RL\Young; a hero of three
wars^and innumerable ¦campaigns, a'- sen'
eral J officer! who 'nrstTas '', alpflvate'ln "' tho
ranks and later i as ; a commissioned officer
became j famous r hs the': typical 'American
soldier, and fofflcer. -7, : : ' -:\ .'.<;
It vwaa a" pleasing scene,' thla transfer .'of
- / — Continued on Secon^Fage.^ H
RETIRING GENERAL AND HIS SUCCESSOR AND SCENES AT PRESIDIO.steamer Orinoco which arrived to-day from
polony reports that martial law has been
proclaimed in Panama, owing to a report
that the rebel forces are being reorgan
ized. It also appears thaf considerable
fighting Is ln progress in the interior and
that the Government is dispatching re
enforcements. Stringent precautions are
being taken ln Panama, owing to the fear
that the rebels will attack the city.s
tho department command." The numerous
friends of General Shafter had decorated
his office In the Phelan bulh^lng with the
choicest of cut flowers, until the room had
the appearance of a fairy bower. The re
tiring hero's desk was literally covered
with fragrant blossoms. One could hard
ly imagine that it was the abode of war
riors. -
Suddenly the scene changes, and from
a place of peace and beauty the room be
came a stern reminder of war and • bat
tles. ¦-' Stern-visagred men,: gray-bearded
and bronzed,, clad. in it the. blue of Uncle
Sam s conquering "" army; entered^.*- First
came General Shafter. and his relief, Gen
eral i Young. - Following - the ¦, two * famous
commanders came their aids and the array :
officials invited, to .witness .the^ending of
a^glorious army.career. 1 and the succession
of . General Young, to ' theTcommand of the
Department of.' California: ¦«4iV.P.!--^-^Wl
-. General ¦ Shaf ter..was . affected /as
he seated himself at his desk andmotibu- 1
ed his guestB'to chalrsrJThis parting 'fronr
comrades was j an r ordeal Iwhlch? the'ihem
of : Santiago * felt ; deeply: and r tori several '
moments utterance 'failed j him. 1 -. T When' he •
had recovered f hiq • composure i he I said :'<•" .¦* '
_"Offlcers «f ,, My .'--Staff » ;»ndT*-AIl'#M7i'
Friends . in ' Qvil \ Llf e : z I ; have i a8ke& y ou \
to come here; upon f the 'occasion f o£i my] I
"WASHINGTON, June 30.— A marked In
crease, in the trade of the Philippine Is
lands during; the colonial era over the
commerce of . the previous year is se*
down in a statement given out to-day by
the Division of Insular Affairs of the War
Department. The value of imports of mer
chandise and silver for 1900 Is set down at
$27,765,100. - This, according- to the "War De
partment's statement, was the : greatest
Importage for any single year in the his
tory, of the archipelago.* In 1899 imports
amounted to $20,440,074 in value, thus show
ing an increase of nearly, 35 per cent In
favor of 1900. , . ¦ . •• '
v The statistics of imports into the islands
from the United States include a large
amount of machinery and imports of mer
chandise and such staples as -wheat. Hour
meat products, cotton manufactures and
many other articles.' . . ,
t. Jf he / m ?S^ s vf rom tie 'United States di
rect for 1900 show an increase of $801,334
over those 0^1899 . This would indicate
that as the • shipping I facilities in Manila
harbor , are i being improved 'direct ship
ments to Manila are Increasing. The im-
Porta i into the Philippines from the L'mt-
Z d St ?*& B 9 r ri ct ln 190 ° show an increase
over 1839 of B9_ per cent - '-' ¦ - • - ¦¦
MARKED INCREASE HT
TRADE - WITH POBILIPPIirES
With the members of his firm Ingram
was on the most cordial terms. For twen
ty-three years he had been the local man
ager of the great haidware firm of Hunt
ington, Hopkins & Co., now gone out of
existence. He was known and respected
in mercantile circles throughout Califor
nia.- - ; - .-
Ingram was Intensely religious, attend
ing church and Sunday school every, Sun
day, and his habits were in strict accord
with his -professed views. His closest
freinds cannot believe that he should have
committed suicide, because such an act
would have been opposed to his whole ca
reer. A story of domestic hr.s
been circulated, but Mrs. Ingram points
to numberless written . evidences of . her
husband's regard Tor and confidence in
her as disproving these rumors. But. it
nevertheless remains: that ¦William. ;In
gram has as' completely dropped . out . of
existence as if he had been' swallowed in
a chasm and that nobody has, yet -come
forward to tell where he is or why he
should have gone.
retirement from active duties in the army
to the quiet and rest of the retiredy-Nst,
and in thus retiring after a few days.over
forty years' service, I wish to say that I
go to my retirement a happy and con
tented man, feeling that I have been re
warded far beyond the most sanguins
hopes of my youth.
"I have never thought I was conferring
a favor on the Government by holding Its
commission, but rather that a great honor
was being done me by giving me that
privilege. \.
"I regard myself as particularly fortu
nate In having at the beginning and end
of my military life, and at an interval of
nearly thirty-live years, had the honor of
serving in two -"/ars, the one for the pres
ervation and integrity of the Union, and
the other to give political life and free
dom to our distressed neighbors in Cuba.
Takes Her Proper Place.
"In this last war we have built better
than we thought. An empire has been
added to our already vast domain, and
with it I believe comes an era of prosper
ity to all our people . such as never has
been seen in this country before, and the
United States has now taken her place as
one of the most powerful governments of
the world.
"In this connection I wish to quote from
a letter written to me by a distinguished
American-citizen, then in the city of St.
Petersburg: .
" 'I have recently been in Paris, Berlin,
Vienna and am now in St. Petersburg, and
I wish to say to you that since Dewey's
victory in Manila Bay and Sampson's and
vours at Santiago a change has come over
the people of these cities. They- no longer
sneer at Ameriean arms.' v .
"This was a letter, gentlemen,, received
by me a short <Jme after the surrender of
the Spanish troops at Santiago, and was
written by my friend who stands here,
the Hon. Irving M. Scott.
"And now, gentlemen, in saying good-by
to you officially I wish to thank each and
all of you for your . cordial support and
assistance to me in the command of this
department. : .
"I: has made my task as its commander
an easy ore. I am grateful for It. ' I hope
that In the busy rush of business I have
never, by my brusqueness,- wounded the
feelings of any of you. If I have I regret
it, for I have never had occasion to tind
fault with an oiflcer serving with me."
Turning to General Young, who sat a lit
tle to his left, the retiring- general grasr-ed
the hand of his successor and said: -
"And now, my old-t'.me friend, : I have
to say that I would rather turn +over the
command to you than, to any other gen
eral officer in the army. 1 . "We have served
many years together,; on 'the frontier and
in the field, and later In the Spanish war,
where 'you distinguished yourself In ihe
first clash of arms with Spanish troops.
"I wish to thank you, gentlemen of ¦ this
city, for hcnorltig this occasion -with your
presence. ,1 h'ope in the years to come I
may ete much of you and that I.- may
long be honored with your, friendship.".
General Shafter then read the following
extract from the army -bill' passed in Feb
ruary, 1901, under the provisions of which
he was made major general, United States
army: - . -. ¦
Section 33. And th» President is also hereby
authorized to select from tha retired list of
tho army an officer not above the rank of brigr
adier general who may have distinguished him
self during the war with Spain, In command
or lt a separate army, 1 : and to appoint, by and
with tho advice and consent of the Senate,- tho
officer so selected to be major general. United
Ptntes army, with ¦ the ' pay and . allowance es
tablished by law for officers of that grade. on
the. retired list. ' - ,
Scene Long to Bs Remembered.
-A scene long to be remembered was the
sight . presented by the :two grizzled > vet
erans, standing, hand in' hand, one in the
act of becoming >a f and severing
his 'connection . with i the - army,- the 'other
entering ' upon ' the < duties := of ¦ department
conaniander, ' to : which *>he'.' is*entitled~'by
reason : of : long, ; faithful and . brilliant ¦ ser-
L\1ce.V..ri'-- : ¦• ; vV--.' -;-'-'i 7 \;'-
fiCGeneral; Young,/ in receiving,-, the '"com
mand' from; General 'Shatter, "read: the "or
.'der ( assigning ¦- him '¦; to - the 'Department \ at
'California- and said: ':".- ,-t- -'.'.-»* ¦v.i .-.r*; #•?¦.•¦¦;•«-*->• •',
&; \H thank \, you, r. r gen eral , y : for i your \ kind
.words ?and =• congratulate *. y ou * upon \ your
prc motion.V^You : have 'gained : a ; reputation '«
ithatt la ;l seconds to> none it In ti. the- United «
States ; army.X' I -' will ,", be ;¦ happy '. if * 1 1 can l>
giver my; superiors . the ¦ satisfaction v.which.
you «. have • given : in your : long j career ?as 'a'
soldier.'-' v ;':--r '/ ' '^tt&Xii : 'I^\fP'^.; : " : '%f i s'.S.%
¦,. Aa -V General Young t'ceasedy,"speaklne
A SACRAMENTO MERCHANT
WHO . , STRANGELY DISAP
PEARED TWO MONTHS AGO.
GREETIN'G TO MACCABEES
• - BY/ MEMBEBS AT VALLEJO
Throng of Visitors Warmly • Wel
comed and Reception to Deputy :
Supreme; Commander.
VALLEJO, June SO.— Although the Mac
cabee Jollification in this city was con
tinued far into last night, the hundreds of
visitors didjnot seem fatigued this morn
ing. "When" the steamer Frlsble whistled
j here about 11:30 o'clock the Maccabees
-and ladies aboard were greeted ' by the
sight of a large welcoming concourse of
their brothers - on the .wharf. "When the
visitors had landed the band they brought
with them was placed at the head and all
formed in procession to San Pablo Hall.
There refreshments were- served and
! afterward small parties visited the Navy
I Yard stnri other points, of Interest. •:
I ; The chief event of the day:wasthe re
ception tendered District Deputy Supreme
Commander TIchenor, which . took place
i in the ( Bernard Hotel parlors. .It was ! a
fashionable social affair and a testimonial
on the part of the local Maccabees to the
successful work of -the deputy in building
up Vallejo Tent to such splendid '_ propor
tions. The reception continued until boat
time, .when all marched to the front,
where the visitors took their leave. >
Given Assistant Secretary's Place.
' SACRAMENTO, June 30.— Lawrence Ke
vane, a brother of Daniel Kevane. secre
tary of the State Board of Examiners^ has
been given a . position as assistant secre
tary of the State Commission in Lunacy,
at a salary of $1800 per. year.
YOUNG WON HIS STARS
OF MANY BATTLEFIELDS
GENERAL S. B. M. YOUNG, who succeeds General Shafter, has a rec
ord as a soldier that gives him a place In the temple of, fame. During
the Civil War he rose from a private to the rank of a general officer.
.'"At the outbreak of the lat© war , he . was assigned , to important com
mands, and his service~in~the Philippines; from -where he returned last
March, was rewarded by his appointment as' major general,. United States
army., /
General Young's official record is as follows:^ ¦
--Private, Company K," Twelfth 'Pennsylvania "Volunteers, . April 25 to Augrust B, 1861:
captain Fourth Pennsylvania Cavalry, . September 6,- 1861: major, September 20, 1362; lieu
tenant colonel, October 1, 1864; colonel, December. 29, 1804; brevetted brigadier general of
volunteers April 9, 1865, for gallant and meritorious .'service during the campaign ter
minating with the surrender, of the Confederate .'Army under General R. E. Lee; mus
tered out July 1, 1865; second lieutenant, ,Twelfth Infantry, ; May 11, 1866; captain. Eighth
Cavalry, July 28, 1866; brevetted major March 2, ,1867, for gallant and meritorious service
at Sulphur Springs,* Ya. ; brevetted lieutenant colonel March 2, 1807," for gallant and meri
torious service in action at Amelia Springs, Va.: brevetted colonel March 2, 1867, for
gallant and -meritorious service in the battle of Sailor's Creek, Va.; major. Third Cav
alry, April 2, 1883; lieutenant colonel,' Fourth Cavalry, Aug-ust 16, . 1S92; colonel, Third
Cavalry, June 19, 1897; brigadier general of volunteers. May 4, 1898; major general of
volunteers, July 8, 1898, to April 13, 1809; brigadier ffeneralof volunteers, April 13, 1S99;
brigadier general, "United ¦ States Army, 1900; major general, United States.Army, 1901.
Shafter stepped, from his desk and mo
tioned his successor to the seat of honor.
'Every one in the room applauded vigor
ously and stepped forward to tender con
gratulations. A light luncheon was then
served and for several hours the officers
exchanged stories of army life. ? -' \
General Shafter related several anec
dotes of General Young when both | were
stationed in Texas and on the frontier.
General Young told of the efforts made
by Shafter to subdue horse stealing and
take the fieht out of "hostile Indians in
New Mexico. He then proposed the health
of his ( old comrade, wnich was drunk
standing. , -
\ Cheers for General. Shafter., .
Major Coxe. who has' served with Gen
eral Shafter af -numerous posts -during
his thirty-three years' service In the
army, followed - General Young, "as se
nior staff officer of the Department of
California," saying: ¦
"I wish to tender .the congratulations
of myself and fellow staff officers to Gen
eral Shafter on his promotion and our
regrets at the severance of the pleasant
relations that 5 have always existed be-
At the close of Major Coxe's remarks
three hearty cheers wer» given for Gen
eral Shafter, and they were given with a
will ' ' ¦¦ '- '¦ ¦ ¦* ¦¦¦¦¦•
Tlie officers and civilians present , were
then riven an opportunity to say fare
well to General Shafter. They crowded
around the veteran and.warmly, shook his
hand and '.wished hlnugood luck; and a
The clerks -at ¦ department ¦ headquarters
bade good-by to General Shafter yesterday
mcrning. A. Vibart, chief clerk v of the
department, an old soldier who had
served under General Shafter at various
posts, thanked the general on behalf or
the clerks for the many favors and kind
nesses he had : shown them. " General
Shafter,: in his response, assured the
clerks that he wished 1 to thank them for
their, good work- while under him, and
said he wished them all the very best of
good luck. . .
Among 1 those who were, present at the
ceremony were: . .. .
Captain W. R. Smedberg. Fourth Cav
alry, and Lieutenant J.F.'McKinley, aids
to General Young: Captains Plummer and
Morse." General- Shafter's - aids: General
Babcock, Colonel Marshall, Colonel Bald
win, Colonel Rawles, Colonel GIrard, Ma
jor Gibson, Major Coxe, Major Hull. Ma
jor Wood. Major Long, Irving M. . Scott,
General Warfleld, Colonel Smedberg. Col
onel - Stone and all the • officers : from • the
Presidio. . - -< '¦ - ¦ ¦ ¦'¦
Buffalo Bank Officers Silent.
BUFFAIX), N. T., June 30.— A. notice wa*
posted on. the door of the City Bank to-i
day to the effect: that the bank Is In tntr
hands of ; he Comptroller of the Currencjr
and that it will not open Its doors foi*
business to-morrow." The bank officials
refused to make a statement to-night con-,
cerning the failure. ,The members of th«»
board of directors profess Ignorance ol!
the causa that led to the declaration of
Comptroller Dawea and President Corn
well of the City Bank. denied himself ta
everybody. <» .•¦ ¦ ,'
7ETEKANS AT SERVICE ,•;
IN SANTA CBTJZ CAMP
Bishop Hamilton i Preaches and the
Assembly Tent Is '.Crowded >
With Old Soldiers.
SANTA CRUZ, June 30.— Theonly mili
tary feature at Camp Wallace Reynolds
to-day 'was the dress parade at 5 o'clock,
when the officers and guards for Monday
were announced. Shortly before 3 o'clock
the call was sounded by Captain Mallony
for divine service, which was held In the
assembly tent. The tent contained an Im
mense audience. Mrs. H. Porter of San
Jose presided at the piano and a large
choir led the singing. On the platform
were Commander Bryant,* Bishop Hamil
ton, the Rev. C. C. Herri ott of the Pres
byterian church, the Rev. E. D. Mc-
Creary of the Methodist church and the
Rev R. N. Davis of the Christian church.
The Rev. E. D. McCreary, who is chap
lain of Wallace-Reynolds Post, presided.
A sermon was delivered by the Bishop.
• Bishop Hamilton preached in the morn
ing and in the evening at the. Methodist
church. At the morning service an appeal
for money for a new parsonage was made
and over $2000 was subscribed.
Bullets Fly at a Dance.
METROPOLIS, 111.; June SO.— A desper
ate battle occurred at a dance last night
nearj Brookport, six miles . from - Met
ropolis, between an officer and two young
men from Kentucky.' As a result. Con
stable Grant Hanklns lies dying with five
bullets in his body and James Pritchard
is shot through the stomach and will die.
James Mason Is shot -through the back
ana may recover: The latter two are in
jail at Metropolis,' where they are receiv
ing medical aid. • - - _ *
ceived any Information which would en
able him to say whether - former
President Kimball had acted on hla own
responsibility in . extending favors to
Marquand & Co. or whether he had grant
ed such favors at the suggestion or solic
itation of any director or directors of the
bank.'. Though It has been generally as
sumed-in .the discussion of the affairs of
the failed bank that the over-certification
of checks of Marquand & Co. was a vio
¦tatian-or-the national banking act^it will
be necessary, to await the report of Exam
iner Raynor. before it can be definitely
stated" whether >any prosecution can be
¦based'pn', this action. •
Comptroller Dawes said to-day. that the
transactions i- might have been made in
such way as to avoid any technical vio
lation of the law,, though the effect upon
the affairs of the bank would be the same
as ' f f the law had been violated, He
pointed ..out that It Marquand & Co. had
deposited their notes. in sufficient amount
to^cover the! certified checks there would
have ¦ been .no violation ; of the law in Its
strict .- technical ; sense. " It has not been
understood that such; notes were given,
butlt will not he definitely known wheth
er they Vwere. until the examiner has made
his report. >.••-. -. ~, • '. \
ALL BUREAU, 1406 O STREET,
/[ T N. W.. WASHINGTON. June 30.—
II : . United States Attorney ; Burnett
;^«^ will: have* 'every facility offered
jhlm'for. obtaining evidence for\the
prosecution of the officials of ,the Seventh
National Bank if there has been any vio
lation of ! the * national banking- act. - Na- ¦
tional Bank^Examlner Raynor will not
only make a;-tJetailed- report^to-the-Dis—
,trlct .Attorney ;« showing > they methods -.of
business [ in .vogue ¦ in : the; institution and
its exact condition,- atithe.'time'ofithe
failure, but! Ji'e ; will-invite'the*Dlstrict At
torney ."or .hls~assistants'tq injakeia-per
sbnal examination ' of } the : books of the
bank, opening everything. to- their inspec
tion. The District Attorney's office will
then- be in a position 'to decide definitely;
whether. any of the- officers of the ; bank
shall , be 'i prosecuted under /.the i Federal
statutes.' ' .- ; -" ¦" '.."¦¦ '-.. ' \ ~r -S; TH .'"*';
Comptroller of : the" Currency 'Dawes has
riot received -any^additional /Information"
as to the affairs of the • Seventh National,
and does '? not expect anything of Import
ance until ;"; Mr. Raynor completes -his
work.'. The Comptroller has not yetrre-
Narrow Escape of tlio
/: Mineola and; George - '
Vigilance of '; jri Sailor Pre
vents a CcSsion Off
El>eclal n?i>att/h to The Call, jgg
TACOMA, June 3O4-The 9tearnsi^H|
eolu, now at NanaSm^ieportsj^Ba
her last trip from to"^|^H[
Angeles ' she t narrowly .'escaped clH
with tho steamer ,' George XV. EJdeW
miles north"; of San j Francisco. /^.
The Minebla w?ia , running under " e»i',
steam, owing to/a • slight- fogr, -wh^n ,t
lookout reported. a > large steamer, on t.t
starboard bow, hearing dead en, ur.uer i ai.
steam. 30O<yArda ; away.': -The ' Mtyeolnf
engines wera Immediately reversed to txi
sreed astern. . warning < blasts were fblo-sn^
on.tbe whistle and the helm was pt* har^:
down, swing 1 to port. "The Elder's 'wat.:.f ;
did not see the Mlnaola until about flf t j
yards off the -latter steamer's aftfcrqnar
ters, when'sho sheered off. also-rencrsing."
Captain Kirk wood of .Uhe Mineola L««.
reported/ the facts to San Fraadsco. ;
When tho Mineola goes south Monday sfce; •
will call at San , Francisco, when an In-
vestlpation-will be held by the marine do- *
partmt-nt. -. But for tbe , vigilance of the'
Mintola's lookout the ; steamers would
havo collided. - ¦ '
LOOKOUT SAVES
TWO STEAMERS
WAR BREWING
ON THE FRASER
Strike of Four Thousand
Fishermen Now in
:¦ J.^ess. ~ ;•
Officials Pear That Indians
Will Battle With
Japanese.
Special Dispatch to ; The Call.
VANCOUVER; B. C, June 30.— At mid-
night to-night the order for the strike of
4000 fishermen on the Fraser River . goes
into effect." -The strike was declared. at a
special ,' meeting ' of " the ; Grand Lodge ¦' of
the white -and Indian, lodges t held .this
morning. To-morrow not a single union
boat will go out, and the, white men'have
pledged- themselves j to stop the Japanese
from casting their nets. ' : i ' V •. ;
effort has been. made' recently to
patchy up the . difficulty ¦ between . the can
ners and . the fishermen. E.-,P.V- Brefnner/
the Dominion Government "Iiabbr' Commis
sioner, was called to arbitrate?- but'' no ar
rangement could , be made."* The 'decision
has been made by the' fishermen' that- not
pneof their .boats "shall T go Vout' to fish
while prevailing conditions . continue. The
canners offered 12% cents-.for'the season,
from July 1 to August- 3. and 10 cents
thereafter, which.- would be during' the
busy part of the-' season.-': The fishermen
held. out for. 12%* all through,- which the
canners allege it is impossible to pay un
der present conditions and prices- for
canned salmon. ..'
The 3500 Japanese; on .the river have
signed contracts at canners' prices and
will at once go to work. Prominent of-
i fleers of the Fishermen's -Union say that
f trouble may be looked for, as they do not
intend to allow the Japanese to fish. They
| assert that despite anything the authori
; ties can possibly do the Indians will help
to operate a system of union patrol boats,
J which will stop the Japanese from work
i ing, by destroying their gear. The situa
1 tion is a serious one, for many of the
I whites and all the Indians are In bad tem-
I per toward the Japanese, whom they ac-
I cuse of treachery in negotiations with the
canners. - :..--. ' , • : -' ¦¦¦
Special Dispatch to The CalL
Examiner. Raynor's Report Will Decide
Whether the Directors of the Seventh
National Are Liable to Prosecution
DEFUNCE BANK'S OFFICERS
MAY HAVE TO FACE TRIALS
Efforts to Account for^ the Strange Passing
of the Prominent Merchant of Sacra
mento Serve to Increase the Mystery
INGRAM'S DISAPPERANCE
BAFFLES ALL SEARCHERS
"WASHINGTON, June SO.— The State of
Bouth Carolina, acting through the Gov
ernor and Attorney General, has Instituted
proceedings before the Commissioner of
Internal Revenue to test the question
whether the State can be legally required
to take out special tax stamps as a whble
rale and retail liquor dealer under their
Otate dispensary laws, and has made a
demand upon the Commissioner for a re
fund' of all such tax hitherto paid,
amounting to S4916.
The principle at Issue is far-reaching.
The one question Involved Is whether the
Internal revenue laws of the United
States apply to the dispensary system of
South Carolina so as to entitle the Col-;
lector to demand the payment of these
taxes. Tbe entire dispensary system of
South Carolina Is managed by a Board of
Commissioners, consisting of three per
sons, selected by the State Legislature,
with Columbia as its headquarters. This
State dispensary distributes supplies to
the country dispensaries, and these In
turn are managed by county dispensaries
or agents, all being under the Board of
Stale Commissioners. Under the law no
liquor can be sold at night nor drunk on
the premises of the dispensary. The li
quors are sold as the property of the
State and the profits accrue to the State.
The salaries of all the officers of the dis
pens»"J_ /are fixed by law and do not de
pend'on the amount of their sales.
In the brief filed with the Commissioner
of Internal Revenue on behalf of the
State it is contended that there is nothing
in tbe laws of the United States authoriz
ing the collection of internal revenue
taxes which even implledly authorize the
imposition of a tax against a State or Its
instrumentalities of government, and that
puch an act containing a provision taxing
the instrumentalities of the State Govern
ment would be to that extent unconstitu
tional. It Is contended further that the
property of a State and the means and In
strumentalities employed by It to carry
its laws into operation cannot be taxed
by the Federal Government, and an-opin
ion of the late Judge Cooley on this ques
tion is quoted.
South Carolina tp Fight
Federal Revenue
Tax Laws.
_ — .
Objects to Paying for Stamps
'for Use in ¦ Its Liquor
Dispensaries.
RAISES STATE'S
RIGHTS QUESTION
Continued From. First Page.
MAJOR GENERAL SHAFTER -'RETIRES
SHAFTER WON HONORS
BY DEEDS OF DARING
IN the two-score years that^Major General Shatter wore the army blue he
has participated in many affairs requiring gTeat ability as a • soldier as
well as diplomatic skill. In every affair intrusted to his care he has dis
played tkat ability which has given him the reputation so sought after
by the officers of the army— a reputation as a, man of courage, quick dis
cernment and good judgment.
To Shatter was intrusted the carrying out of the Cuban campaign. How
well he performed his duties is a matter of history and of too recent date to
need mention. He returned from Cuba wearing his lAurels modestly. He had
simply done his duty. But Uncle Sam is not ungrateful, and showered more
honors upon him. • i
As major general of volunteers he was content to serve until October,
1S93, when by action of law he would be retired, but a grateful country willed
otherwise. The passage of the new army bill created a vacancy in the ranks
of the major generals of the regular army, and Shatter was retained In the
service and commissioned major general, United States army. .
The retiring commander of the Department of California has been a man
of note In military circles since his entry Into the service as a lieutenant In
the Seventh Michigan Volunteers In 1862. Three months after he entered the
service he was made a major of the Nineteenth Michigan Volunteers, and in
June, 1S64, was made a lieutenant colonel of the same regiment.
In the first year of his service on the field of battle he behaved with such
conspicuous gallantry that Congress awarded him a medal of honor. At the
b2ttle of Fair Oaks, Va., while in command of a detachment of pioneers he
voluntarily engaged in the strife. Though severely wounded, he refused to
leave the battlefield and remained exposed to fire until the close of one of
the hardest fought battles of the Civil "War. A short time afterward he yeas
made a colonel of the Seventeenth Infantry, United States colored trdops.
"While serving with them he behaved with such bravery that he was brevetted
brigadier general cf volunteers.
A few months later he web mustered out. He re-entered the service again
as lieutenant colonel of the Forty-first Infantry and was with the regiment
for a short time, when hie was brevetted colonel for gallant and meritorious
service at the battle of Gettysburg. .
He was assigned to the Twenty-fourth Infantry In April, 1869, and went
with that regiment to Texas. He served for ten years In the Lone Star State,
New Mexico and along the Rio Grande. His campaigns against the Indians
were so successful that he was mentioned repeatedly In orders by Generals
Ord and McKenzie as one of the bravest and most energetic men In the
service. - •_. •
He was assigned to • the First Infantry as colonel in 1879, and under his
command the regiment became famous. The "Gallant First" garrisoned most
cf the posts in California, and under Shafter's command' soon achieved so
many successes that it became known as the crack regiment of the army.
During the railroad strike in 1S96 General Shatter ¦was sent to Los Angeles
in command of the troops in that section. It is a matter of record that in
the district commanded by him in those troublous times peace and order
reigned supreme. ~
While in command of the First Infantry, which was stationed at Angel,
Island, he applied for and was granted a leave of absence for one month. He '
went to Washington, and while there was appointed brigadier general. He re
turned to this State and assumed command of the Department of California.
War between Spain and this country was on the verge of breaking out, and
rumor had It, that Shatter would be selected to command the forces to be sent
to Cuba to lead the fight against: the Dons. Rumor was not mistaken in this
instance, for one' month after Congress had declared war he was appointed
major geoeral of volunteers and ordered to Tanipa. '
He 'went to Cuba at the head of the United States troops, landed them in
masterly- style and won a victory, for the Stars and Stripes, which gave him
rank as one of the foremost military commanders of the day.
BEOOMMENDS WIRELESS
TELEGRAPHY UT MAVY
¦WASHINGTON, June 30.— In his forth
coming annual report Rear Admiral
Bradford, chief of the Bureau of Equip
ment, will earnestly point out the neces
sity of equipping American men-of-war
with a system, of wireless telegraphy.
As soon as the appropriation is obtained
Admiral Bradford will recommend a sys
tem to be adopted for the naval . service.
In the meantime he Is getting all in
formation available regarding the systems
in operation and undergoing development.
Believing that Commander Richardson
Clover, naval attache in London, is deep
ly occupied with his current work he has
recommended to Secretary Long that a
¦wireless telegraph expert be sent to Eng
land for the purpose of representing the
navy in the forthcoming trials of 'the two
new systems developed by the Lloyds
Ag-ency. Action has not yet been taken
upon lils recommendation.
SACRAMENTO. June 30.— It Is now
within a few days of two months
since the disappearance of Wil
liam Ingram, the Sacramento
merchant, which was reported st
the time exclusively in The Call. The ex
planation has not yet been accepted as to
why Mr. Ingram should have surrendered
possession of his property, worth $50,000,
and gone away from the city with but
$150 in his pocket and no clothes other
than those on his back.
Since the day of his' departure, May 4,
when he wrote several letters from San
Francisco, giving no hint of trouble, be
has not been seen or heard from. The
best detectives in the State have been un
able to furnish the slightest information
touching his whereabouts. He had pre
viously transferred to his wife his part
nership Interest in the wholesale hard
ware firm of Schaw, Ingram & Batcher,
which Is rated in all the mercantile agen
cies as one of the soundest on the Pacific
Coast. The firm owns a large pipe works
In this city and has entered the London
and Australian markets with its^ product.
The only route having through- sleeping
car eervlce between San Francisco and St.
Louis dally/ Stop-overs-allowed at Salt
Lake City. For full Information ask Lt.
M. Fletcher, 212. California street. •
"The Missouri Pacific Limited"
Til E S A^y FR A NCI SCO CALL, MONDAJT, JULY^ i, 1901;
tvta-r.ttat, LAW' PB.OCLAXKED
\ \ TN CITY OF PANA>£A
Rebel /Forces Are Being 1 Beorganlzed
; ' and the Government Fears
an Outbreak.
KINGSTON, Jamaica. 'June 30.— The
i
2
D oes I C%®/ Interest £%
¦ " Ji^MBf /O YOU ®
That is the saving in Ice by using the
>. ¦ Its > cpnsiructidnv:hasj neiarj been^jequaled-^the -ALASKA^will/keep^proTjslons
longer and -USE ?LESS MCE t th an - an y? others ref rfge rator.' .',. ;';~\J,Z : "t-
'.^Sl^k: Sales* Aficntiiff of4iP«clf Ie|co»5tj;^6ani I^ranc^caJ 1 *]* - : ,C '. • ;'f; v,
UNITED STATES BRANCH.
STATEMENT
OF THE .
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
— —OP THE
Aachen and
Munich Fire
INSURANCE COMPANY
(T|F AIX-LA-CHAPELLE. Germany, on the
*-* 31st day of December, A. D. 1300. and for
the year ending on t tat day, r as made to the
Insurance. Commissioner of tbe State of Cali-
fornia pursuant to the Provisions of Sections
610 and 611 cf the Political Code, condensed as
per blade furnished by the Commissioner.
ASSETS.
Cash Market-Value of all Stocks and
-Bonds owned by Company. $741.527 50
Cash in Company's Office.. * ¦ 40 OS
Cash In Banks 75,345 66
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans.. ' 93)00
Premiums ; ln due course of Collec-
tion 55,700 47
Total Assets -.. $313,533 71
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid.... 13.84$ 03
Losses ln process of Adjustment or
in Suspense 43,540 S3
Losses resisted. Including expenses.. 4. W0 99
Gross premiums en Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less, J1S2.433 23;
re-lnsurance 60 per cent.,...:....... 241,219 62
Gross ¦ premiums on Fire Risks run-
¦ninir more than one year. $230,823 74:
re-lnsurance pro rata.... 126,536 82
All other liabilities*.... 18.0W 26
. Total Liabilities $137.815 55
INCOME, ~~
Net 'cash actually received for Fire
¦ premiums .-. $542,616 61
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds, Stocks, Loans and from
• all other sources ?»•??; 2
Received from all other sources...... 10.410
Total Incomo - |57».B» "
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Fire Losses
(including $51,376 29. losses of pre- .
vious years) ,.: •••• »3S8.85o 17
Paid or allowed for Commission or-
: Brokoras ;.: ...,..-. 106.873 S7
Paid for Salaries., Fees, -and other _
charges for officers, clerks, etc . ¦ 63.S3S so
Paid for SUte, National and Local
taxes ,",..,•.•.»•««•"•""««•"""••" . W. 6 * 3 ° 7
All other payment* and eipendlturea 54.140 72
. Total Kxpondltnrea „.....*.«».;•.. $606.370 43
. Fire.
Lessea tneurrefl daring the yeaf,,, tM 1358,929 C9
Risks and Premiuma. Fire Risks. Premiums.
I Net amount of/ Risks / '- ¦ \
Net amount of Risks
,.^r re^..f"!°f,:. t . 1 ! e 49.61S.423 632.51455
v:knajtf .tM.wwV
, . SAM B. WEED (of Weed & Kennedy), /
; ". • ;.,.. - >; '¦:••¦; Managrer.
i ' Subscribed t iand «"sworn to , before .' me thl a Jst
of January. 1901. - ---^ ' I". - FISHBECK/ :y.
¦- :;-v:-'- ¦-,":'¦ •,'¦ Notary .Public.;
STATEmENTii
—OF THE—
CONDITION AND AFFAliRS 1
¦ : — OP THE—
flp^er Fire
1 INSURANCE COMPANY^
I • -J **-"¦• --> K-<fey • ¦ ¦ -. ••¦ ii ¦ I ¦ ¦-' *¦' *
OF 2STETT TORK. In the State ef Nerr Torlt '
the Jlst'day o! December. A.' D. 1300. am}
for the year'endinr on that day. as made to
tbe Insurance Commissioner o; tha State of
Callforn's.' pursuant to the provisions of aee-
Uon» S10 and" Ell of the Political Cede ¦ con-
densed aa - per blank furnished by Ihe " Com-
missioner. :- -I
: CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock.' paid up ln r '¦
ca»ii ji.ofo.ooo oa
;-. . • ; ':¦ assets. •, . ..- J
Real E»Ut» owned by Ctompany $CO.00O&
Loans on Bends and 3ffortgag«s j.soo 0:
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and - ---m
Bonda owned by Company..... 3.331.5T8 ?.*
Cash in Company's OfSce. i 53.J78 7^
Cash in Banks.. ..i ; ; ¦ 83.C99 37
Interest due and accrued on. all I
Stocks and Loans I 13,873 if
Interest dua ind accrued on Bonds J ' - ii
and Mcrt*a*es-. I ¦ ¦ 14 *-»
Premiums in due Course or Collec- «A
tlon :.:.,...' J2W,O7T*J
Rents dua and accrued...;...... / 1.M3 33 .¦
Due from Other Companies for re- / . - .. j\'[
insurance on losses already paid.... . f S.940 gf j
, - . » t ! - . jf I
Total Assets ..J3.1CS.305 7<J* I
LIABmTIES. . ~- » .. ;, J
Losses adjusted and unpaid.......... {122.867 st I
Losses ln process ''at Adjustment or - - ,' B
in Suspense ....:..;.. SO.^sr'l
Losses resisted. Including expenses.. M.JlTSfB
Gross r reinlums on Fire RIski run- Z 1 1
nins one year or les?, $1,227,925 S3; ' . m
reinsurance 5O per cent.- '. ...J 413.9c- . • I
Gross premiums on Fire - Risks run- , * B
nlny more "than one year. 11/92,- k ¦ fl
134 76; reinsurance pro raia. • 111373 >, I
All other Liabilities.: |.B1.362.| I
Total fciabllltlea ...;...'...'.."... :..aS!«?j 1
" ' • v : income. . . '^ -\ I
Xet caan acftially, receded for Fire ' H
preminms ............'........... 11.73)337 ' fcfl
Received for lntere\t on Bonds and WJ
Mortsa«e» , — . . X75 Ml
Recelx-ed for Interest and divldenrts
on Bonds, - Stocks, ,Lo.Vis and from jB|
all other sources *........ «..'.., jj j-^ ¦
Received for profit on sale o^~-xuri- * '^B
-,tie« ...... — .......-...«.'. _.....,. Z7.*U{^B
• >v ,*•••*•••. —^.-iii^j^H
; . EXPENDITURES,' • , —^ === |^H
Net amount r*id for -.TMre< Ixissea
(tncludlns »1>9,8«T.78, losses of pre- • . :,H
vlous years!- •••51.111 w» H
Divider.ds to Stockholder? Do'oriuWI
Paid or allrwed for Copunisslon O r > »
Brokerage ......-....^.r.li............. 343.8S9 *JU
Paid for Salaries, -(Fees" and - other >
charges /or officers.- civics, etc.... 1 j- *-** ,- ¦
Paid for State. National and. Local ¦ ™
-taxf9/..V.'..v.....»...i..- < ....—. v ;...:., ; « «» „ \
All otter payments and expenditures - ks^is 7J ',
Tot^l Expenditures ,'- ............. .«,9n.9st ' %
jjmji Incurred during thayear...^n,l7a,^' <^|
RJrks and Premiums. Flr» Risks. Premium.^.?'
Kct amount 'oil Risks * \ l -X
;¦ written -during , the - \ i#f
/year ,....'?....*...:..'... J228.983.19O J2.3J0.8S8 «3J*
>'et amount, of Risks ¦ ' .... | << t
¦ expired during 1 the . - ¦ . *
ye*r:,.-..-r--""V" ; - 192.0SS.9CS 2.012.336 6r4 «
Net. amount In force .*¦¦ ; - ¦-.-:' •« -• MR
December 31. 1300.. ...j Kl.Bei.lT5 2.579.960^111
";.^-> CHA3. A/ SHAW, President.- 1 1 y
'..- > -\ \: JO8.;SicCORI>.-.S«!retary. - - Jf-'
' ' Subscribed and ¦ worn to bef ora me. this 26O* ' !
day of January, 1901. : « • •%¦-• ¦• r , ¦ • J .,, <¦ "H;
.*>-*-"' ' ,,,*-. VWM. BATES. Notary Public •* //
GESIr BERTHEAtf r - PacificiGoast Manager;!
¦;Kf $. GRIM, Assist Wanagef, .; . £$
- MARTIN RASCHES^aiid fellS MESSJHGER, MaMgersfotj* Department, ¦ :
! 0ffice-423 A CALiF s 0RNiA S FREET, |j|
ADVERTISEMENTS.
V5^ , m n & i%J 1 1 f*^i f^ Cf i*
«^^>^ c gy . JL ILx£ ± y J Lit $11 LbL \
Tiff -fU "
aids her offspring and herself !
"jl^^D^^ ANHEUSERrBUSCffS
the food drink— recommended by doctors. ;
Invalids and convalescents benefit materi-
ally by its tonic properties, stimulating |
the appetite and aiding 'digestion. '¦' Sold i |
by all druggists., Prepared only by the
Anheuse^Busch&
. . - % St. Louis, U. p. A. I -m
. Breiwer* of the femous Radwelser, NLtcitlob, Ulaci & Tan, Pale-Lagsf^*^,.,*,
¦ Faust, Anheuser-Standard, Export Pale and Exquisite.' •' •:
YtOn-thetop, /IfWill Wed the Princess Cecile.
: LONDON; July.l-^'It is reported -.in St. !
Petersburg,',', says a "dispatch to the Daily •
Telegraph from the Russian capital,. Vthat
tho Czarovltch is '-. betrothed •? to »: Princess
Cecile, daught-r of^ the late; Grand Duke
of Mecklinburg-Schwerin." ' -' --":
¦-••.. . *,•,*¦¦¦-»¦ 'r- •
Thousands Gather to -Witness March
' to the Grave With Remains of
Ex-Chief Meredith. 'A
"SEATTLE, June 30.— Funeral • services
over the" remains of the late -William- L.
Meredith were held to-day In the First
Methodist- Church, the Rev. Clark i Davis
officiating. The exercises; were .held-un
der ¦; the auspices ¦ of ¦ the Woodmen - of the
World . of which deceased ; was a member.
Probably no more impressive funeral. was
ever: held • in Seattle. ;The -church ..*. and
streets in every direction from the church
were filled- with people for blocks : away.
A platoon of police led the march -and in
the.' procession* were numerous -city; and
county officers, including Mayor v Humes
and Chief of Police Sullivan. Hundreds
of. carriages and . other.: conveyances : fol
lowed the body, to the grave in Lakeview
Cemetery.v • . ' f- -; i',. ¦;, . ;¦
STREETS ABE THRONGED
DURING THE, FUNERAL
ere the 1200 men were on board the fer
ry-boat; San' Pablo;;, :¦ ' .¦ J ; '; . ¦" . . \ ¦:
When -the signal was given for. the boat
to start," it was estimated ;that she had
1400 ex-soldlers on -board. - The run to
Point Richmond was made without ; mis
hap and the travelers were quickly trans
ferred ¦ to the twenty-seven ; tourist cars
comprising the two .sections "of .the Santa
Fe's special train for the East. ' >-*•:/ ¦..
. ¦ Clerks of the Southern Pacific and Santa
Fe passenger offices were busy, yesterday
afternoon and, evening selling tickets to
the departing soldiers. '-'A.a -.soon -as the
latter.i received their -pay ' at ¦ithe .-, Pre'sidio
they . proceeded ¦. to the offices ' named " for
the purpose of making; reservations to're
turn^to their homes.*; A. staff of^ fifteen
clerks was kept: busy, in each office, to ac
commodate the soldiers in securing trans
portation.'¦¦, ' ' '"• v *'• ¦¦¦ '¦-"•.-¦¦ ¦¦',
¦-The' roads 'had .made a special '.rate ? . to
Missouri River points of $37 50, to Chicago
of $43 75 and to Str, Louis ; of $41 25, with
correspondingly " low, rates '¦ to ; all ; Eastern
points. .' .¦,¦': '-'* ':-;"' ";' - >• ' r '¦¦ ' • :¦¦¦,-"
- • The Santa ;Fe kept -Its 'office open i until
nearly 10 o'clock, when it had disposed of
1250 tickets,' while the Southern Pacific
BoidilEOO: 1^ •¦ ¦':>:-' ¦¦ :'''\/K ¦'-:, ¦-¦¦¦}¦' '-'.¦;¦:¦¦:*¦:.¦./;..•;;.-:,
¦ Many, ; of . the ; shoe and clothing -i houses
were '. kept . open during . the ; day., and - they
, were well. patronized. by, the departing sol
diers.*Jc Venders ¦- of * souvenirs r^were ' also
out in force and did a - thriving? business
In front of the ticket offices. v.
Continued From First Page.
EX- V 0 LU H f E E R S 0 N V$ P E C I A L-TR A 1 N S
In the houses reserved for the paymas- j
ters wqre stationed, armed guards. The
regimental muster roll v:aa spread out on
the table and when the coin was dumped
out of the sacks and piled in rows the
work of mustering out commenced., As
each company was called an officer of the
company stepped into the'mustering-out
room and stood by the side of the pay
master. As each man of the company, came
ln~in answer to. call he identified him anrt
witnessed the payment : of his traveling
pay." clothing account balance, and -any
saving the soldier may .have been able
to make from his pay. The soldier left tl:e
building and was free to go where he
plesfsed. . ¦ - ¦ ¦ ¦',
¦Majors Rochester and Schofield paid off
the men of the Thirty-eighth., which was.
the- first regiment* of the four mustered
out.' Some of the men ¦ of this regiment
received as high . as $500. Quite a few of
the soldiers were in debt for clothing,
having overdrawn their, account, and had
nothing coming to them but their, travel
pay. ! " ¦ . ' •- : ¦ ' ¦ '.> ¦ -.¦ ¦- ¦
The Forty-fourth Regiment was paid
off by Majors Belknap and Keleher. The
men of this regiment were a saving lot,
most of them, having money on deposit,
and a balance due them for clothing they,
had not drawn. Quickness and dispatch
were, displayed by .the paymasters : in
handling the men and they were set' free
early in .the afternoon. .' X. , \' . .
Forty-Eighth, a Happy Lot.
-The colored men of the Forty-eighth
Regiment, received their coin from Majors
Ray and Gambril. ; They, are -a happy-go
lucky lot and kept those in^ the neighbor
hood of the camp in roars of laughter by
their .funny comments on the :benefits of
possessing ."dough." Y -¦ . . -. ¦ .
I The Forty-ninth Regiment, also colored,
was the richest regiment of the four. ' The
men of this 'regiment, which*, came 'back
f rein the Philippines ' crowned -with many
laurels, ¦were paid by. Majors Kllbourne
and Newbold. The savings of few of thu
men of . the Forty-ninth • were less . than
J300, the majority of them receiving in the
neighborhood of $400. > -¦
Mounted " Men^, Guard"" Coin.
¦When the reservation was reached two
Of the wagons were driven to the camp
of one of the regiments ¦ to be mustered
out and there relieved of Its valuable con
tents.
Eight wagons were required to trans
port the gold from the treasury, each
wagon being under the charge of a pay
master and clerk. •• -.
in soliciting the -soldier trade and many
of them remained open all day for "the
tenefit of .the soldier." A
'The four regiments thnt were Qischarged
yesterday were the Thirty-eighth, Forty
fourth, . Forty-ninth , / and Forty-eighth.
Great preparatloni5"had' been' made at:.the
Presidio for the event. ; Every precaution
was taken: to. insure protection for the
paymasters who were responsible for the
large. sum." Forty-five picked men escort
ed the men of .'the pay corps and their
treasure i wagons ; from the sub-treasury,
building to the reservation. The guards
were from the 'artillery companies and
batteries at the Presidio and were men
known to be good soldiers.
SACRAMENTO, June 30. — Former
Attorney General A. L., Hart
died at lavermore to-day. He
had been^ failing for several
years and his condition had s>o
rapidly grown worse within the past few
months that his death was not unexpect
ed. His brothers. Judge E. C. Hart and
Dr. A. C. Hart, and his father-in-law.
William Beckman, were informed by tele
graph of the passing of the distinguished
lawyer. No arrangements have yet been
made for the funeral, deference being
made to the wishes of Mrs. Hart In this
' respect-
General Hart went to the Llvermore
Sanitarium from San Francisco In April
of last year. During the last few weeks
of the action brought by Mrs. Emma Ster
rett against the estate of the late Gustav
Walter, former proprietor of the Orpheum
Theater, Hart ¦was called Into the case as
counsel for the plaintiff, and It was satd
that his constant application in that case
resulted in the nervous prostration that
has ended in his death.
"When his condition became such that
an immediate collapse was expected.
Colonel Beckman of Sacramento, Hart's
father-in-law, urged him to go 'to the
sanitarium. Colonel Beckman stated at
•that time that Hart's condition was due
to excessive cigar-smoking and overwork.
It was hoped: and beHeved that a few
weeks' rest would result in his recovery.
Luminous iLegal ¦ Career.
General A. L. Hart was born in Indiana
fifty-one years ago. In the fifties, accom
panied by his father and other members
: or his family and Judee A. L. Rhodes of
San Jose, he came to California. He was
¦ •The origin of the fire is not .known. It
was discovered about 9:30 o'clock and was
under good headway. The plant being
outside the city, .thefe is: no fire depart
ment and neighbors could only gather and
watch the. entire pioperty be, destroyed.
-The establishment ¦was one of: the larg
est and most complete in the valley.-Near
ly $50 ,000 worth of materials and supplies
for this season's business, had just been
purchased, all of which was lost. '.• ¦.'.':
SAN JOSE. June 30.— The big frult
packing house and dryer of . George N.
Herbert, situated on the western out'
skirts of the city, was destroyed by fire
to-night. The loss is placed between S50.
000 and $60,000, with insurance of about o0
per cent. , • ; . f , .
, Theblgr loss is largely made up of
prunes, of which 450. tons were '-burned.
Five carloads of these were packed in'
five-pound tins. Of the total amount of
fruit destroyed, 250 tons belonged to the
Cured 'Fruit Association,' the remainder to
Herbert. ¦ : . > :
Burned.
Herbert Fruit - Packing
House at San Jose
FLUMES DESTROY
TONS OF PRUNES
¦Among the memorable cases In which
General Hart figured while practicing
here was that of George Jeffries, charged
with the Olga Ayres murder at Brighton,
for whom he secured an acquittal. His
acquittal of Daniel M. .Burns on a felony
charge is historical in legal annals. He
cleared every one of the railroad strikers
charged"at Woodland with murder in 1894.
He was their counsel 'and Salter D. Wor
den, whom he did pot defend, was the
only one convicted.' For three months
he was engaged at; Fresno in the cele
brated Poly. Heilbcrn & Company lami
case, and won it in the Superior and Su
preme courts. /' > v
.Generar Hart leaves a wife, the daugh
ter of Banker William Beckman of Sacra r
mento. and two sons, graduates of the
State University, now in the law college.
In this city he leaves two brothers. Supe
rior Judge E. C Hart and Dr. A. C. Hart,'
a prominent . physician.
• He had as his adversaries before that
tribunal United States Senators Roscoe
Conklingr and G. F. Edmunds. 3o bril
liantly did the young lawyer .p'.fcad his
cause that George C. Uorham in tyis paper
complimented him and recorded /the fact
that Senators Conkling and Edn/unds and
even members of the Suprerae: bench
themselves had spoken in pr&lse of his
remarkable effort. Hart was /nominated
for Attorney General at the flme M. M.
Estee was nominated for_ Governor, but
the whole ticket was defeated. After the
expiration of his term General Hart
opened law offices in Sacramento in 'part
nership with Clinton L. White and con
tinued in the practice of ¦ law here. until
he -removed to San Francisco in 1896.
Notable Effort in "Washington.
graduated at the San Jose Institute, a
well-known college of the early days, but
long since out of existence. For a time
thereafter he taught school in Sutter
County, but the life of a pedagogue was
not the field in which he longed to cast
his, fortunes and he returned to San Jose
to enter upon the study of law "under,
Judge Lawrence Archer. v j . •
' When 21 years of age he was admitted
to practice. His father having removed
to Colusa. he followed him to that county,
and began there the practice of his pro-'
fession. At the age of 24 years he was
elected on the Republican ticket to the
position of District Attorney, although
Colusa County was overwhelmingly Dem
ocratic. In 1879, when he was only 29
years old, he was nominated by the Re
publican State Convention for Attorney
General and was elected with Governor
George C. Perkins at the head of the tick
et. The youngest man who had ever oc
cupied that important post in this State,
his term of office was the first under the
newly adopted constitution, an* . he was
obliged to handle numerous fmportant
questions growing out of the introduction
of the new instrument.
-An important event in his • official ca
reer was his going to Washington to/ar-
Kue the celebrated railroad tax cases be
fore the United States Supreme Court.
I THE LATE A. L. HART. BRILLIANT LAWYER AND FORMER ATTOR
'5\ KEY GENERAL OF CALIFORNIA. "WHOSE DEATH OCCURRED YES- J
| TERDAY AFTER LONG ILLNESS IN A L1VERJIORE SANITARIUM.
1 -.Vr- v : ;V- ¦?"?".>".
LONDON, July 1.— As an outcome o!
Saturday's squabble in the Italian Cham
ber of Deputies during the debate on th«
conflict at Ferrara. June 27. between a^ri
cultural strikers and soldiers, the Mm
ister of War, Count San Martlno, accord
Ing to a special dispatch from Rome, ha. ;
challenged Signor Ferrara. one of the So
cialist Deputies, to a duel.
Challenged to Fight a Duel.
SAN RAFAEL, June 30.— St. Raphael's
Church in this city was crowded to the
doors this forenoon. The occasion was
the confirmation of a large class of candi
dates. Archbishop Riordan conducted the
exercises. It was expected that the'•Arch
would deliver a sermon, but in this - the
people were disappointed as his Grace
was too ill. The following were con
firmed.
Ben.1srr.'n Joseph Watson. Louis John Dris
coll Thomas Butler. Peter Toldavlni. James
Ge<3y. Robert Hajden, Maurice Driscoll. Milton
McCarthy. Henry Marshal. Rafael Duffy. Ed
ward Dcran. Daniel O'Connell, Thomas Meenan,
Eupene Sullivan, Victor Gillardln. Manuel An
drade, Merced Chlsholm, Margaret Agnew.
Irene Loftus. Minnie Clark. Frances Bettan
court. Stella Turner. Mary Pareda. Florence Far
rell, Stella Turner, Hattie Marryat. Pearl Hun
ter. Edna Duffy. Theresa I-iamDerti, Christine
B-in. Carrie Marshall. Edith MeGarry. Robert
Burrows. Charles Lampertl. Walter Walsh. Ed
ward Hayden, Anthony Marshall, John Powers,
Flrr.a Murray, Harry Arblnl, Merton Bain.
Frank Costello, Harold Clark. Phillip Jewell,
"William Burns. Frank Burrows. Edward Pow
er*. Charles Hyams. Thomas Toldavlnt. Dion
Hohn, Robert Kirwan. Rose Martinez. Theresa
Xirwan. Nellie Farrell. Margaret Collins, Mary
Powers. W'nifred Grady, Joseph Agulrre, Alfred
AEU'.rre. Charles Byrnes, George Ag^iew, Ed
ward McDennott, James Smith. Leo Canepa.
John Byrnes. Bartholomew Mulcahy. Stella
O'Connor. Emma Strehl. Ida Leena. Clothllde
Polastri, Cecelia Atifort, Rote Foerlni. Annie
Liocatl. • Genevieve Murray, Rosa Botterini.
.* mes Kelly. Annie McBride. Florence Kearney.
Clare McCormick. Louisa Botterini. Ethel
O'Connor. Margaret Marryat, Martraret Bren
fl«^:k. Carrie Chrisanti. Alice Sullivan. Alice
Huphes. Beatrice Lakln. Grace Matron. Lizzie
Lefrna. Rose Marshall. Nellie Butler, Mrs. Lena
Stephens. Marraret Casey. Elizabeth O'Connell.
Mary Seel»y. Loretta Pacheco. Lillie GIHardin,
Florence O'Connor, Xettie Rran. Edna Xorln.
Marr«ret Sinnott. Emilia Pellnjco. Marv Bet
tnneourt. Mary Drlscoll. Margaret Sheehy,
Olivia Dalepsi, Carrie O'Connor, Mary Bradley,
Stewart Duffy.
IWsputed Claim Settled.
LONDON, July 1.— An Egyptian expe
dition has occupied Bahr Ghazal, says the
Urusseis correspondent of the Dally Mail.
The Belgians have withdrawn, thus set
tling- the disputed claim between Great
Britain and Belgium.
Large Number of Candidates for the
Sacrament Participate in
the Ceremony.
AECHBISHOP CONFIRMS
SAN BAFAEL CHILDREN
THACKER, W. Va.. June 30.— A posse
of eight men went to the Kentucky side
of Tug River this morning and captured
nine miners, who are charged with terror
izing the miners of the West Virginia side
of the river for the past ten days by
thootlng at all who could not give the
proper strikers' signal as they passed and
rcpassed along the railroad.
They were "surprised in their sleep, with
their Winchesters under their pillows,
and surrendered with but little resistance.
Even their euard was captured, asleep
on duty. They were brought to this place
and held under heavy guard awaiting the
train to take them before a Kentucky
Judge, who remanded them to Judge
Jackson at Parkersbure, W. Va.
Later in the day Charles Burke, presi
dent of the local union of United Mine
Workers of America, was arrested. He
•was taken to Parkesburg to appear be
fore Judge Jackson on the charge of tear
ing down the notices of the injunction
granted by Judge Jackson.
It is generally believed that this will
break up the fighting end of the strikers'
troubles and mat their differences will
soon be compromised in a satisfactory
manner.
Union Leader Arrested for
Tearing Down Injunction
Notices.
West Virginia Miners
Are Surprised While
Asleep.
POSSE CAPTURES
STRIKE RIOTERS
Continued From First Page.
DISCARD THEIR ARMY CLOTHES
- WASHINGTON, June 30.— Intense heat
prevailed here' all : day and . far into t^e
night. '.- Reports to the Weather Bureau
from points throughout the hot wave ter
ritory show remarkably high -tempera
tures, with' little or no rainfall and but
poor. prospects for any relief, withln < the
next forty-eight hours. At New York, the
maximum,' 98. degrees, broke the record
there for, June, and at Philadelphia':/ the
maximum, 98, ; equaled the highest tem
perature previously recorded there.'
- MATTOON, r III. , . June f 30.— Ed ward G.
Walsh Sr:, president of the Mississippi
Glass Company and the St. Louis Terr
mlnal Company and prominently identi
fied with leading St. Louis enterprises,
died this afternoon from heat prostration
on board the Knickerbocker .express or
the Big Four road between Gays and this
city -'
BURLINGTON, Iowa, June 30.— The
mercury I touched 100 here to-day. Frank
Dunham, for -the past ten years chief
clerk, for the Burlington division of .the
railway military service, died * from , heat
prostration. SS ; • ,
LINCOLN. Neb., June 30.— For several
days the State has suffered from drought
and.south winds.. Crops have been gen
erally damaged v > /
CHICAGO, June 20.— The heat in Chi
cago to-dav. broke all records for June
since 18S2. For three hours this afternoon
the Government' thermometer registered
97. In many places on the street it was
104 and 106... At 11 o'clock to-night the
mercury was soaring around, 99. There
was intense suffering, especially in the
poorer districts.- •
CINCINNATI, June 30.— Henry Meyer,
president of the St.' Bernard Shooting
Club, swooned while delivering his annual
address at the meeting to r day. .* He died
soon afterward. His death is said to be
due to heat prostration.
NEW YORK, June 30.— The relief from
the killing. heat which was promised for
to-day did not realize. | There was less
breeze than the day before, and what lit
tle air.' did stir. was scorching with heat.
There was an increase in the fatalities re
ported • to-'d%y . over yesterday, i Nineteen
deaths were, recorded and twenty prostra
tions..' :¦¦¦¦ ' ,: ' '-' ¦
£ PHILADELPHIA , June 30.— This was
«lhe hottest June day Philadelphia has ex
perienced since 1877. The maximum tem
perature was 98. One death from heat and
twenty-five prostrations were reported.
PIT TSBURG, June 30.— Between mid
night Saturday/. and midnight Sunday
eJeven deaths directly traceable to the ef
fects of heat and fifteen prostrations are
(recorded..- In addition to this many.chil
dren have succumbed, as is evidenced by
the burial permits issued. In the past
forty-eight hours fifty-ntjae permits have
been issued, three-fourtns of which are
for children under 4 years. The normal
i death rate Is sixteen. The maximum
temperature to-day was 94.
• ..." i -, _«_¦¦. • .- : «(¦ tit
Intense Suffering and Many
Deaths |in the Poorer,
Districts. j "J&$
But Little Prospect for
Relief in Hot Wave^ . ?
! Territory.
KILLING HEAT
STILL PREVAILS
Mr.Denby, who, when the foreign troops
arrived was appointed by the China Meri
chants' Company to protect their prop
erty, says the company In Us claim aglnst
the United States Government did not
use the word "loot" against the marines,
but merely held them responsible. Tb.«
greater part of the company's property
consisted of rice, which was afterward
distributed under orders from the Britlsl
and American generals to assist those ii
need. Mr. Denby believes the company'*
claim should have been added to the In
demnity as legitimate expenditure. Othe:
merchants say the company never hat
300.000 taels' worth of property here.
ST- -PETERSBURG, June 30.— It 13 as
serted that M. de "Witte. the Finance Min
later, will leave for Manchuria during
July." . _1** '
Future Capital Will Be
Kaifeng-Fu.
SHANGHAI. June 30.— Marquis Tsen»|
has received a dispatch from Slngan-fu tog
the effect that the Empress Dowager.1
fearing a trap to capture her. declines to
return to Peking, and has notified the
Grand Council that the future capital will
be Kaifeng-fu in the province of Honan.
TIENTSIN. June 30.— The City of Tien-,
tsln Is now more crowded than ever. Of-^
fleers cf all nations are here en route to«
their . homes and the hotels, are placing!
cots in every available piace. Apartments^
have been prepared at the University of,
Tientsin for Prince Chun and his suite oT
forty, who will remain .there for three.
days before leaving for Germany to maksi
formal apology for the murder of Barom
von Ketteler. . 'i
REFUSES TO GO
BACK TO PEKING
China's Empress Dow^
ger Again Defies the
Powers.
Notifies Council That the
STRANGLES IN A TREETOP
BEFORE HIS BRIDE'S EYES
t'^f J- f : ",,'// ¦* v - ; -•-••"/¦ • •¦"•/¦¦•¦ ¦-¦..•. •¦-.
Professor/ Erahcis :-J;; vBirtwell of Boston Is
Ghoked= to DeatH ;by a Rope Used in
Quest of a Bird'^s Nest on the Rio Pecos
Special Dispatch to The Call.
arid they made quite a long rope by tlelng
shorter ones together.^throwlng the rope
up ,to " hlm.< He was getting down nicely
when one of the knots on the rope caught
In 'the. forks of a'llmb,' preventing it slip
ping -up or down. In attempting to free
it ;Birtwell jerked one of his arms out of
the loop and the rope tightened around his
throat. : He was .unable to lift his body
to loosen vthe rope and before "the eyes of
his r young : wife and ' the "two men he
strangled to death, they being powerless
to render aid.-, A ladder had to be ob
tained, to pet his body down. _/¦.
;;Mr. and Mrs.Birtwell were married here
a. -month ago and. were spending their
honeymoon on the Rio Pecos forest re
serve j , .
WBECKED ON LAKE SUPEBIOB
\f£&} DTJBING A HEAVY STOBM
Crew* and All of the Passengers but
One Rescued by a Passing
, '¦ } ;¦¦¦'- Steamer." *
Man., June 30.— "Word
reached here to-night - of the "wreck' on
Lake; Superior of the steamer Preston,
Captain, Barlow, of Toledo, Ohio. On Sat
urday^niornlng . the .steamer Athbasca,
CaptalnTLIcDougall, sighted jthe Preston,
"which ,»was showing flags of * distress and
at the 'mercy of a severe stbrm. She was
water-logged ; and twelve ; men and two
women were clinging to the rigging. After
great C difficulty Captain McDougall suc
ceeded! in reaching the vessel with a life
liner thrown by 'a rocket,- and after four
hours'.bard labor rescued all but one man,
named >TVIllIam Eckert. of Algona. Mich.,
a wheelman, who was badly crushed and
sank/: The . remainder of - the crew were
landed safely at, Fort William.
-The Preston wa3 loaded with lumber for
Mackenzie and. Mann and Canadian Pa
cific points i and is reported to be a hope
less wreck.
General Butterfleld Dying.
, NE^VBUP.GH. N. Y., June 30.— The con
dition of General Butterfleld remains criti
cal."" The- end seems near. ¦'
ALBUQUERQUE, June 30.— Prof esfj
sor : Francis J. '; Blrtwell of ; Boston*
met a' horrible death on .the I Rio
Pccos yesterday, i He was high up
in a tree after a bird's nest when'
the rope "tie was' using ; caught*? on!
i a ' limb, • the loop ~ tightened , z around «: s hl8 |
neck and he was slowly strangled to death'
before^he'. eyes' of : his bride of a. month,"
wharf with two i men, stood at ¦ the . foot of
the trWe, unable to help the unfortunate'
man.;' ~- . ' • -,'~ i:-'..-.
Professor Blrtwell had clfmbed;the tree
by the aid of a pair of lineman's : spurs
and ¦¦ reached, a" point seventy-flve ' feet
from 'the ground when he called | for help;
Hi3' wife called two men who were.near
HOBART BUYS A PONY , • ; :
;.' BRED BY BaBDEB. BANDITS
Millionaire Will Bide Silver Dick in
Contests on the Polo '
¦ laeld. - - - f ;f ¦ -
DENVER; June 30.— Silver. Dick, th'e fast
quarter horse belonging to K" C.^Williams
of -the. San Luis Valley, has been sold to
"Walter. S. : Hobart/: the .•'•: millionaire <polo
player of- San Francisco. .'To-day: a tele-'
gram was received by J/ JL: Shields 'In
structing -him to purchase : the ; horse * if
the price were not over $1000. That figure
meeting the views of the owner, the sale
will be closed to-morrow, v and. within- a
week the fast animal will be, on its 1 way
to the Pacific Coast." . .'.':':.'-;'...¦,_¦• 'I. \'. .-¦
Silver Dick was bred by the \ Caviriess
brothers, notorious outlaws of New Mex
ico and .'Texas.-. He .came by his running
qualities through heredity, as his sire,
Billy ' Caviness, was " one ; of • the fastest
short-distance horses that ever ran a race
in Texas. He was taken about the coun
try by the brothers. before- they^ ¦¦got Into
trouble and won numerous races. One of
the boys said that they,: had won 10,000
head of cattle on the little stallion.
The gang is now broken up, one brother
being in the hands of the authorities, an
other dead and a reward of $500 being of
fered for the capture of the third. ¦-
Career of : l^ie^Brilliarit^Lawyer Corned to
Its Close After a Long /Period of Illness
} at a Sanitarium ;in s Alameda' County
DEATH SUMMONS A. L. HART,
ONCE ATTORNEY GENERAL
THE SAI^ FRANCISCO GALI^
3
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
Springfield
Fire sod Marine Insurance Company
OF EPRINGFIELD. IN THE STATE OF
Massachusetts, on the 31st day of Decem-
ber A- D. 1900. and for the year ending on
that dav as made to the Insurance Commis-
sioner of the State of California, pursuant to
the provisions of sections 610 and 611 of the
Political Code, condensed as per blank lur-
n'.shed by the Commissioner.
CAPITAL.
ASSETS. .
Real Estate owned by Company J5
IVisns on Bonds and Mortsrapes 616.S00 00
O>*h Market Value of all Stocks and ___„.„-
Bonds owned by Companv 3.<23,694 00
Arrount of Loans 6ecured by pledse
& Bends. Stocks and ether market-
f.We securities as collateral 40 »23 00
«~a«h In Company's Office ,l?--ii £
«-** in Banks -- 198.»62 68
Interest due und accrued on all
BtflCkl end Loans 31.14. 36
Internet due and accrued on Bonds
and V-rtfrage* 'X\V'" '
r»r"mlutn« in due Course of Collec-
Rent* due'and accrued 664 17
IMie *rom ether Companies for rein- ->^^
Eurance on losses already paid 1.933 13
Total Awets .S5.159.623 47
\ LIABILITIES.
Tosses adjurtefl and unnaid J6J.667 72
l^ss»« In process of Adjustment or
in SiwpwweV 2
I/^,(=«es re5lFte<T k incluflinu expenses... 20,3o0 94
Crnfs premium* en Fire Risks run-
ning one year\or less. J1.J78.E39 58:
reinsurance 50 >er c-nt 684.269 79
Gr^i" premium* on Fire Rlskn run-
n!nr more thar\ cne year, 11,732..
7T2 OR: r*in«uranV pro rata 855,503 00
Cnnunissions and fyckerage due and
to become due... X 78.S00 52
Total Liabilities \. $1,840,430 06
IJCIOMK.
N«-t rartt actually recyved for Fire
premiums .*... tl.942.320 35
j;wpi\M for interest « Bonds and
Kortra)?M \. S2.2S4 81
Recel'-ed for interest ailj dividends
m B^nds. Storkit. Loart and from
all other st>"rce»........V...... 150.1*5 7"
Received for Rents -4.653 35
Tctal Income \ $2,129,421 21
KXPKN-nrrrjSES.
Jfet »m«nrt t>»i1<1 for Fire Lories fln-
cludlnir $169,717 17. losses o\ pre-
vious yeair> .\ $1,1*2.707 »>
PlvKler.ds to StncVholder? A 150,000 00
p»«<5 or allowed for Commlssl(i or
- Frokerar* ---- A... 354,910 29
P«»<i for FaiarW. Fees • and ofcer
«*haT«es for officers, clerks. e»c\.. 110.743 57
Ps'd for State. National ar.d I»<%1
Taxes • .A n.mi*
All other payments * n d expenditure! 212,817 51
Total Expenditures ,^.c«4.462 75
"TFlfe^
I>r>f6eg lncorred during the year U>p2.469 94
Risks end I»r«nlums. 1 Fire Risks. I Premiums.
—^^^ — I I \
X»t «n»ot-t of KIsksI \
¦written juringr thel \
year ' $236,949,609 $2.543.\j 63
Net amount nf RirVsl A- •
expired during: thel \
year I 202.670,909 2.1S8.9S?0O
JC»t amount in force] \
December 51. 1900.. ...1 807.528.667 3.111.241 tj
* A. "W. DAMON*. President. A
W. J. MACKAT. Secretary-
' Pubscrtbea and fwom to before me, this 23d
«ay of Januar»-. l«01.
J». S. BAILET, Notary Public .
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE . f
NationalFire
INSURANCE COMPANY
(\F HARTFORD. IN THE STATE OF COX-
TT«?^ tlcut i on the 31st 'of December A7
WOO- and /or the j-tar ending on that day.
J" ™ ad « t ° * h f Insurance CommlHsloner of the
btate of Ca'ifornla. pursuant to the provis-
ions of wctlonn 610 and 611 of the Political
Code, condensed as per blank furnished by the
Commissioner. v*.^ , s > -v- •''>*?% !¦¦>
CAPITAr,.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up tn
CaEh 11,000.003 00
ASSETS.
Real EsUt- oT/ned by Company itsi.784 9*
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages 708 815 00
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned bv Comoany 3.175 9S1 Oft
Cash In Company's Office .-; '545 »j
Cash In Banks 288 534 13
Premiums in due Course of Collec-
t!on 488.971 36
Total Assets J4.992.602 38
LIABILITIES.
Txwses adjusted and unnaid $84 755 86
Losse* In process of Adjustment or '
In Suspenn* l.^ nns 2?
Losses re*lFted_ Including "xpensei" 79
Grt^n premiums on Fire m«ks run-
nln* one year or less. $1.893,464 '3 • '
reinsurance M per rent 946 732 1!
Gross premium* on Fire Rlsk« run- '
Tilnir more than one year $* 119 - '
AH other liabilities 165,303 04
Total Ltabllltles $2,458,812 67
INCOME. . -. .
Xet cash actually received for Fire
premium* ...; *¦> -<»b; r<n iV
R^elved for Interest on Bonds and
Mortraires ¦ __ 41 mi ni
Received for lnt-rert and dividends ' itaoi "»
on Bond*. Stocks. . Loans and from
all oth?r sources 149 i%9 m
Received for Rents \\\ Vnr« m
Received from all other sources.... 2, 781 75
¦ ¦¦ •• ¦•'-." " . '
Total Income ...J2.932.478 83
I ¦ . _
'EXPENDITURES.
Ket. «Tnount rsld for Fire Losse*
nncludlnjt $JR4,196 45. losses of '¦
T>rex-lons y»ar») ." *j mi .04 q-i
Dividends to Stockholders...........; ! i'OOOO 00
Ppld or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage ; 4> 467903 20
PsM for FalariA«, Fees, und other ' •
chanre^ for offl'-ers. clerks. »>te 183 241 98
Paid for State. National, and Local
tAxes '•.•...'.•.••.....•••.*.......'.;..... 54 J4J gj
All other payments and .expendl- ¦ '
t^res ....... # 355.24S17
Total Expenditures .' $2, 743. 819 89
'» " ~FlrS
Losses Incurred durlnt; the year......si.5«1.5l7 06
Rinks and Premiums. I Fire Risks.) Premiuma.
Net amount of ¦ Riptcsf I "^
written during: .thel . [
year. ......I $380,428,541 I $3,691,385 98
Not amount of RIsksl - |
expired during thel | • .'
year I 300.568.177 1 2,984.245 16
N»t amount In forcel | ¦
December. 31. 1W) | -401. 4457. R07 1 • 4.013.048 22
' JAMES N*Tr-HOT,«». Pr*sldent. -
" ~ B. R.'STILLMAN.- Secretary.
1 Sub»cr»>e<1 and f""irn to before me, this Hth
nday of ¦ •T«t»-«an',- isni. .¦
• V FRED B. SEYMOUR. Notary Public.
PACiFrC 5>^F>^RTM5NT,
S. E. Corner Bu«h and Sansome Sts-,
SAP' '<r ) V A i% CISCO, CAL.
GEO. D. DORNIN, \ : CEO: W.DORNINi
Manafer . \ Ass't Manager.
* City Agenc), 5Of> Sans^m©, Street, San i Francisco/
H. C. AH PEL &CO.\ Agents. ;
| x tffii ¦ S sl v i n & S 3. 1 c of j
/S Ifn^ff ill!\ We are rig]lt in the midstof summer » and the
I } 1 ill If HW^fS'!k hot vvealh?r of the past week emphasizes the need j
I ilKi*^ of light fabrics in clothing. You know the comfort
il»Wlv^^ial l|| of light weight clothing in light patterns at such a
if Hl> W-* pliil^B^3i'&^ time and you know the value of saving all you can
cnva-purchase. Our special sale now going on Tar."
' Sll nilllrilSi!'''" supply/you with the clothing, you need at a savin f
' M'j V>S^^'M- : ¦ Consider this carefully as to whether you wai
liMwii-^W one of the suits, ; ;:biit don't wait too long, for th
; WlilP'^i'W eager and thrifty buyers are getting the cream of the
J ! | Iflllllii ¦ assortment:
Ml ffltteOT Thejclothes are all union made and fully guar-g :
¦•*|! : If rftlif " anteed. They are money-backed;" it would not pavl i ;
'I Si i||l| us to give you your money back if our suits did nojj !
• || 1 1| • |p|JJ v agree with our talk.
v|| r||il;: Suits Overcoats Trousers
y|j [I J^rail ¦ Sack suits in cheviots The overcoats . are Worsted trousers ufl
wi I IWml of. light -patterns and ccfverts in three stylish sweH'oatterns of checi^S
' r> "' tWifl 'WM' blue serjjes; in fall; and sh^ des of tan. brown and stripes: . sizes froniT
lAiiB III - VtMwMmM summer weiehts; sizes . . c . -
¦ Ml J \i4m to fit everybody, even and ollve : the pnce tor " 3O to ¦ 44 - waist, and up J,
W!'" ihSv' the .short: and stout; merly was $10.00; every to 36 length; good lef .
\wM '«a^^*>SN t prices reduced from one of the overcoats in wear with coat r/c
Mi5s! • -?^*^j&£^ ¦ ¦ -. $8.50, $10.00. and $X2oO this lot has been mark- vest of darker color;
¦"¦* J^*M -/to (;"-:>:' ed dov.-n to reduced from $.^oo to !
Strong Values in Boys buits
-¦\3J^^:Wy-. Particularly is this so in our Chil- \
. /^^^^^^I^^^l Boys' sailor suits, varied patterns variously (^¥^^^^ fllSr^l'TK "
ovs> vestee su ' tSt st "P ed wors teds with dou- '^^fPrepr^a 1 !! \j
' Boys' fancy vests, ages 6 to 12 years, special Ijf'^/ llfla/ '
r-^-a -i^Na Roueh Rider suits 'ages 3 to 10, special for this HJl iiffii I •
. j^^7 - Washable suits, ages 3 to 10 years, reduced W§55 x^§ !
1^ k|| prices from now on to close out the line. • " S'/
ml Hlw Silk-front jjoH shirts for boys from 14 ', . to 10 Ben Ca |
H -^"^« '"^ Boys' and children's summer underwear. 25c . jEs&l I
A glance at oup wln-^*\ jr>^;.y -'^^At/^fX'^!^ ' B*^l"- : t%x v^"^f^ Out-of-town orders ,
dows will always^%»|%J e W^/h BS l| I )^^ M & % filled - Wpita us for i!
nishinffs> . c" \ < "718 Market ''StPCet. in^sor.hats. j. ; CORONADO TENT CITY, Coronado Beach.
Cal.', :, will , be the • popular ' summer resort this
season. ;It ¦ became j famous', last"" year ' f or ; com
fort. \ entertainment '¦ and. health."; ' Its splendid
cafe was a~ wonder, the " fishing unexcelled.-- '
Fourth of July rates' to Stockton, CTesno,
Visalla, Hanford. Bakersneld and all pojnts on
the Santa Fer Valley line. Ticloets on ado July
3 and 4 at '• 641 ' Market st. and . Ferryf Ticket
Office. ¦• / .
Quickest "Way to Yosemite.
"The Santa Fe to Merced and stage thenc*
via Merced Falls, Coultervllle, Hazel Greet.
Merced. -Big Trees. , Cascade Falls and Bridal
Veil Falls to Sentinel Hotel. This gets you In
at 5 in the afternoon, which Is ahead of -my
other line and costs you less. Ask at 641 Mar
ket street for, uartlculars." I
Official Route Christian Endeavorers
, to Cincinnati, Ohio.
The Burlington Route via Denver has been
selected as the official route. Through Pullman
Tourist Sleeping Cars to Cincinnati wlU leave
San Francisco July 1 at 6 p. m. Tickets on
sale June 30 to July 1; rate. $76 50 for round
trip.- July 1-2 we will sell round- trip tickets
to Detroit, at $82 25; July .3-4 to Buffalo $37:
July 20-21 to Chicago $72 50. For sleeping car
berths call -on or address W. D; Sanborn, Gen
eral Agent, 631 Market street.
A remarkably large meteor exploded
and fell near Hyndman, Md., recently, il
luminating the country for miles. Many
of its fragments have been picked up.
Special information supplied ' dally to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
Statistics collected In Germany show
that the death rate among widows Is con
siderably higher than among wives.
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lb at Townsend's,
A girl's band in Laurel, Kans., broke up
on the eve of a public performance be
cause the members could not agree on a
programme. ¦ ,
Choice candles, Townsend's, Palace Hotel*
The late Dr. Jessup, who was shot to death by the
Rev. Dr. Adams, expressed an' 1 ante-mortem opinion
very unfavorable to the clergy. But, under the" cir
cumstances, he may have been "prejudiced. 1 ; .
Was it hot a mistake to let: that Ohio Republican
convention be too unanimous? When ah .Ohio-fac
tion has.no chance to, crack heads in its own party, it
goes off and votes the other ticket.' :\
A French critic, Louis de Gramont, advises the
adoption of ' English as a universal language , on ac
count of its simple 'syntax, and now if some "eminent
German will second the motion we will make it
unanimous. , - '
The Judge of -the United States Circuit Court at
St. Louis must have a grudge against "the town and
is determined to destroy its standing for respectability.
He has decided that jurors, witnesses and attorneys
may wear shirt waists in court. .
The Supreme Court of Tennessee has decided,
after much deliberation,, that no women may practice
law within the State. Thi's ought to supply the fe
male political equality clubs of the country a theme
of discussion for a year. -..¦;- " /
A French corporal has received a gold medal from
his Government for saving the lives of two American
soldiers while in China. 'Perhaps the , French Gov
ernment wants to show that even in its politenes3
there is patriotism. " , \ ' ' •
Much has been done recently to remove the sus
picion, that the. Filipinos are lacking in intelligence.
Agoncillo, their representative in Europe, has packed
up his traps and intends tp return home considering
his .mission useless. • / ' . .'
Recent dispatches announce that the mechanics of
England are now using tools of American manufac
ture. It. would be safe 1 to wager that however they
use them it .will not be to the same advantageas
Americans. .
The Sunday girl of Pittsburg is in the slough of
deepest distress and has just cause to believe that her
best young man has started a conspiracy against her.
Inspired by the "blue laws," the police authorities of
the Smoky City have ordered all candy shops, soda
fountains and icecream parlors closed on Sundays'.
A Chicago- preacher was arrested in New York
the other day for persistently stealing bicycles. The
reverend 'gentleman should be advised that if it is
really necessary for him to have "wheels" he should
have recourse only to his own.
In a recent address Kaiser William 'is reported to
have said that as the supreme head of the empire he
rejoices over every German who goes forth "seeking
new. points where we can drive in nails on which to
hang our armor." The phrase is a pretty one, but it
will be well for the Kaiser to take notice that while
German commerce and emigration, are driving a good
many nails at various points in South America, he
will never have the satisfaction of hanging his armor
there.. ¦ , y ¦- . ¦¦ -''¦•' • . ¦: '';:¦¦
PERSONAL MENTION.
Judge Adair Wilson of Denver Is at the
Palace.
G. W. Burton of the Los Angeles Times
is at the Palace.
O. J. Woodward, a banker of Fresno, is
a guest at the Lick.
W. A. Erskine, a mining man of Ecua
dor, is at the California.
Dr. F. Wesley Carpenter of Chicago is
registered at the Grand.
C. H. Rlege, a. business man of Fresno,
is a late arrival at the Lick.
E. R. Gifford, a merchant of Auburn, is
a recent arrival at the California.
G. D. Kimball, a merchant of Red
Bluff, is registered at the Palace.
Bank Commissioner John Markley is
registered at the Lick from Geyserville.
F. M. Romaln, a fruit grower of Fresno,
is at the Occidental, in comrcny with his
wife.
H; L. Frank, a prominent mining man
of Butte, Montana, is a guest at the
Palace.
E. C. Merritt, an insurance man of San
ta Rosa, is one cf the arrivals at the Cal
ifornia.
J. Bfillman, a retired merchant of Al
bany, N. Y., Is at the Palace after a visit
to the Southern resorts.
Miss Mary Bard and Miss Anna Bard,
daughters of United States Senator Bard,
are guests at the Occidental.
J. A. Brent, an Eastern . capitalist, re
turned yesterday from a visit of inspec
tion to his mines In Northern California
and registered at the Palace.
W. D. Cornish, vice president 1 of the
Union Pacific, with headquarters at New
York, Is at the Palace. • He is here to con
fer with President Burt of the same com
pany on railroad affairs. Judge Kelly,
general solicitor of the same company,
also arrived yesterday, but went imme
diately to Los Angeles.
POLICE OFFICERS— M. B.. City. The
regulations of the Police Department say
that police officers shall not visit liquor
saloons while on duty, except It Is In th&
exercise of; police duty. If you have
knowledge that members of. the mounted
police visit saloons three and four times
a day it is your privilege to make com
plaint to the Board of Police Commis
sioners.. ¦ ;i«" ' ¦'•*¦¦ -'¦.-¦ ; ¦¦/':¦¦': ,'\'
CLAIM-H. W. G., City. In taking .up
a claim under the mining, laws the locator
should, ; say; -within twenty days after the
location 8 shall , have been j marked upon
the ground, or such time as is allowed by
the . local laws , , file a'notice thereof,, accu
rately ! describing the claim, . for record
with -the' proper recorder of .the district,
who will thereupon Issue the usual certlfl
cate'of location.. '"/¦; ' ¦• : : ..'¦¦¦¦
THE CZAR'S SECRET— J. A. L. P.;
Crockett, Cal. This correspondent writes:
"In 1 the Palace of the Czar of . Russia at
Gatchlna, history, says there , was in a lit
tle \ museum an iron trunk, the locks % of
.which had been closed and sealed by Em
peror Paul I., .who wrote on the top of
the trunk : 'Do dot open this forone hun
dred years.' I The' Czar died -in ,1801;' and
the trunk was to have been opened on the
6th of last' May. What did it contain?" If
the trunk; was; opened on the 6th of. May
no notice thereof has appeared in the pub
lic press. It may have been j opened arid
the contents • may have been such that
those who did open it did not" care to : di
vulge the same." Up to^Jate itMs still the
Czar's, secret./.-;'. * » . :
MINT AND ART INSTITUTE— C. G.
S. Oakland, Cal. The San Francisco
branch mint is open to visitors on any
working day in the forenoon, and one day
is as good as another to visit the place.
The best time is between 10 and 11 o'clock.
The Hopkins Art Institute may be visited
any day in the week.
TWO COINS— A Reader of The Call,
City. A quarter of a dollar, United States
coinage, without arrowheads at the date
or rays around the eagle commands a
premium of from $1 25 to $3 25, but such
coin with arrowheads and rays does not
command a premium, nor does a quarter
of 1854. .
TO FL.Y THE FLAG— S., Ocean View.
Cal. If an American company should
purchase an English vessel the new own
ers 1 could not sail her under the American
colors unless she had been wrecked on an,
American coast and had had repairs equal
to three-fourths of her original cost of
construction.
IT is interesting to note that the letter
H is decidedly prominent in the names
of the officials of the Southern Pacific
Company, past, present and prospect
ive, First of all, it belonged to Collis P.
Huntington, one ot the "big four," and
president of the company, and it was also
possessed by Mark JHopkins, who,, with
Huntington, Crocker and Stanford, built
the. Central Pacific Railroad. It is also
to be found in the names of many of the
officials of the great railway system,
among the more important one3 being the
following: f
Henry B. Huntington, nephew of the
late railway magnate, and vice president
of the Southern Pacific.
Charles H. Tweed, chief counsel of the
company.
•Edward H. Harriman, who is directing
the affairs of the Southern Faciflc in con-
ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
GOOD FRIDAY— A. S. City. Good Fri
day ii\ 1839 fell on the 29tn of March.-
SHAKERS— A. I*. City. There Is no
congregation of Shakers in San Francisco.
CENSUS— J. A. L. P., Crockett, Cal.
Nearly fcU the countries of the world have
taken the census this . year. '
THE ML CASE— M. S., City. The
Sarah Alth^a Hill case was tried in San
Francisco before Judge J. F. Sullivan.
SAFE INVESTMENT-P., Woodbrldge,
Cal. The department <jf Answers to Cor
respondents does not advise any one how
to Invest money, consequently will not
say if the association asked about "is a
safe investment."
CHESS PROBLEM— C Sacramento,
Cal. In playing chess it Is allowable to
check king on first move where a, mate Is
to be made In two or three moves, but to
check king on the first move in a problem,
while it is allowable, destroys the prob
lem. '
SINGER COMPANY-H. G. C, Vladivo
stok, Siberia. The Singer Sewing Machine
Company of Berlin, Germany, is not an
Independent concern, but a branch of the
American company. It ' is asserted that
the United States manufactures and ex
ports the greatest number of sewing ma
chines.
junction with other 'railroads.
Charles M. Hays, the new president of
the great "Western railway system.
J. M. Herbert, general superintendent
of the St. Louis, Iron Mountain and
Southern Railway, who is reported to bo
slated to succeed Jerome A. Fillmore as
manager of the Pacific system of the
Southern Pacific.
E. H. Fitzhugh, who may become assist
ant to President Hays, or an operative
official.
William H. Mills, head of the company's
land business.
William F. Herrin, chief counsel on the
Pacific Coast and director of affairs polit
ical.
T. H. Goodman, general passenger
agent.
Joseph Horsburgh Jr., assistant general
passenger agent.
F. H. Davis, assistant treasurer.
A CHANCE TO SMILE.
Ethel (aged 6)— What does "alphabeti
cal" order mean, Johnny?
Johnny (aged 7) — Oh, that's when ma
orders us to mind our p's and q's! — Judge.
"A man can't travel very, far in New
York." remarked the Observer of Events
and Things, "without coming up with a.
bull, a bear, a Buffalo, an EJk or— a lob
ster."— Yonkers Statesman.
"Have you got any condensed mllkr*»
asked the man at the gate.
"No, sir," replied the driver of the milk
wagon, imperturably. "Nothln' but the
expanded kind."— Chicago Tribune.
In the bottom of a strawberry bcx !
opened at Hutchinson. Kan., the other
day, this was found written: "I am Cora
Marsh, aged 16, of Logan, Mo. Never
been kissed."— New Tor« Tribune.
The same Individual sent a present of
some fruit to a friend, and In the bottom
of the basket he placed a note, the post
script to which read: "You will find thi3
note in the bottom of the. basket, but if
you do not, let me know Immediately."
"Did you hear the terrible storm last
night, Emll?"
"No, not a sound. Did It thunder?"
"Terribly."
"Why didn't you wake me? Ton know
I caa't sleep when it thunders."—Flle
gende Blatter.
"Do you know," said the West End lady
to her pastor,". "that the man in the pew
behind ours destroys all my devotional
feelings when he tries to sing. Couldn't
you ask him to change his pew?" \ .
"Well, you see," was the reply, "I hava
a little delicacy about doing that, espe
cially if I have to explain the reason.
But— I might ask him to Join the chojr."—
Montreal Star.
A certain carelessness about proper
names is a common quality with aristoc
racy and royalty, and this la said to be
borne out by a story going the rounds
about his Majesty the King:. Some we?ka
ago he pointed out a picture to one or
the royal household, and sali: "I have
promised to send that picture to Moscow;
see that it goes."
"To Moscow, your Majesty!" said UK)
gentleman addressed.
"Yes, Moscow," said the King: "there't
an exhibition or something of that sort
on there Just now." ¦ /
"Moscow, your Majcat/I" said the offi
cial again. "There's no inhibition at Mos
cow. Your Majesty pe-haps means Glas
gow." /
"Ah, Glasgow. Is it^ said Edward VII,
reflectively; "I dare say It is. Anyway,
see that the picture 13 sent."— Glasgow
News. •-'- ,¦/¦
ONE LETTER ESPECIALLY CONSPICUOUS IN NAMES
OF OFFICIALS OF THE SOUTHERN PACIFIC COMPANY
Of the Twenty-Six Composing the Alphabet H Stands Out More Promi
nently Than Any Other. ' /
If Gwin had succeeded in his plans for Sonora and
Northern Mexico the slow evolution of order in that
country, which it owes to Diaz, would have been sub
stituted by a rapid transformation into an American
community. The plan failed, but it was great and
worthy of the great mind which conceived it. .
History that is may be hardly ¦more important and
interesting than history that might have been. If
Abd-er-Rahman instead of Charles Martel had won at
Tours, and Majiometism had spread over Europe, as
it would, in what corner of the earth would Christian
ity now be hiding, a fugitive?
His letters to his wife are the best extant history, of
the hope and despair and tragedy that make up the
rapidly shifting scene between the crowning of an
Emperor in the capital and the shooting of a prisoner
at Queretaro.
He was a State builder. It is necessary to interpret
his career in Mexico by his policy in regard to Cali
fornia and Alaska. His correspondence from Mexico
shows that from the beginning he doubted the sta
bility of Maximilian's empire. Jhat Austrian Prince,
the manliest and gentlest of the Hapsburgs, had no
talent for rugged, practical administration. Gwin, by
his influence with the Emperor Napoleon, had secured
concessions and power which he proposed to use by
creating an Anglo-Saxon State in Northern Mexico.
His faith was in his own countrymen. He had no
confidence in the pied and polyglot empire which
must grow out of Maximilian's venture. : . He had
all faith in the homogeneous State that would arise
by the influx of Americans into Sonora. 1 But, to the
success of his great plan for the founding of a State,
it was necessary that the empire should be adminis
tered in the spirit of practical government. His let
ters from the City of Mexico show a keen apprecia
tion of the difficulties which must, be met and over
come under the most favorable circumstances, and
they soon reveal his growing conviction that the em
pire would -fail. With Maximilian interested in Mexi
can entomology and botany more than in the practi
cal details of government he foresaw the fall.
Dr. Gwin was a Southern man and a slaveholder.
If habit and prejudice could influence any one he
would have insisted upon a scheme tp extend the Mis
souri compromise line across California, creating a
slave State, whose northern' boundary would have
divided the Territory on a line running east and west
through Monterey and Fresno. But this would have
been a mutilation and would have hindered the devel
opment of the free State north and the slave State
south of that line. He desired, first of all, the geo
graphical symmetry and the prosperity of his State
and so he wrought amongst the Southern members
in behalf o£ free California.. In that Congress they
had the power to extend the line 36.30 and plant slav
ery on this coast, and that they were turned away from
that purpose was due to the influence of Senator Gwin
and his wife. When the issue came only a few incor
rigibles remained, led by Jefferson Davis. Dr., Gwin
was a man of peculiar foresight in matters of material
and national development. He found Russia desirous
of parting with Alaska, and long before we finally
acquired that American Siberia he 'demonstrated the
possibility of our getting it for a trifle compared with
the sum we finally paid. His study of the resources
of that vast region had convinced him of its value to
this country and he lived to see his views adopted by
Mr. Seward and Alaska brought under our. flag.
THE notices of the death of Mrs. Gwin give
proper prominence to her early influence upon the
destinies of California. Her close sympathy., and
association with her husband brought. her into promi
nence in a part /that she was able to sustain. The
speeches made on Mr. Clay's omnibus bill are full of
the information secured by members of Congress from
Senator and Mrs. Gwin. ; Webster's speech., on that
measure is notably indebted to the Gwins for. the
philosophical reference it makes to the institution of
slavery as unsuited to the physical conditions of this
coast * -
CONDITION OF BUSINESS.
? ¦ -*HE feature in business last week was the failure
• Jjff the. Seventh National Bank of New York, but
g|s it was due to carelessness in loaning on poor
¦Tp^-al it bore no especial significance and produced
fwit a momentary effect. It alarmed certain
ffiLbtors, however, and for a day or two there
•Jjifafincreased demand for'loans to patch up inse
jjifiancial fences here and there, but Wall street
f||uqng as usual, and in a few days, probably, the
'•j»Pii nt will be forgotten. Immediately prior to this
a bank in Berlin went under, owing to similar
ffiyelessn'ess in accepting securities, but beyond these
fu,o financial failures the different exchanges of the
world were quiet and featureless. The general ten
dency in Wall street was toward a lower range of
values, but the market was a professional one, as the
public still hold aloof.
' Distributive trade, as a rule, continues good. Ex
treme hot weather in most parts of the East and West
has checked the demand for some goods and stimu
lated business in others. There- is a better call for
woolens for fall delivery, and firmer quotations for
. the finer grades are reported. Shipments of boots
\ad shoes continue heavy, being much larger than
at thr time last year, and the excess seems to be in
-creasinj* There is also a good export demand for
leather. The iron and steel trade remains very much
as previously reported, and is away ahead of this time
Xa&X 3 r ear in point* of activity. Then m^ny mills were
Jtdle: now practically all are running and most of thenf
'have all the orders they can attend to. The demand
for structural material and builders' hardware is keen,
showing extensive building operations throughout the
country, while the railroads are continually ordering
.'moTe cars. These three lines — iron, woolen goods
and boots and shoes — are at present leading all others,
and outside of this there is nothing going on in gen
eral merchandise to call for especial comment
The condition of trade, as shown by the bank clear
ings, is 49.1 per cent better than at this time last year,
at least as far as the volume of business is concerned,
and only three important points — Minneapolis, St.-
Paul and Omaha — show a decrease from last year.
In spite of the inactivity in Wall street New York
shows' a gain of 70.9 percent; and Boston, Baltimore,
Philadelphia, St. Louis. and Pittsburg all exhibit large
gains. The country's failures for the week were 204,
against 207 during the corresponding week in 1900.
So, as far as these statistics go, the country seems to
be in an exceptionally strong position' commercially.
The crop outlook, as a rule, is brilliant. While our
crop of wheat will probably be very large, current
estimates placing it at about 700,000,000 bushels,
-t^sfast about 550,000,000 last year, 'we will probably
have an excellent customer in France, which reports
a poor outlook and expects a heavy deficiency. The
increase will probably find an outlet through this
French channel.
Local business shows little change. We. are now
harvesting heavy hay and grain crops, and, while the.
yield of fruit this year is rather under the average,
there will be enough for a good shipping record later
on, and prices are satisfactory, owing to the shortage.
The wholesalers, almost without exception, report
trade very good, though it has begun to slacken dur
ing the past week or so, as-it always does during the
midsummer holiday season. We are very free from
failures, and" the banks all report a plenitude of funds.
As far as all indications go, the present year is a good
as any of its successful predecessors, which is saying
a good deal.
We are surprised that an Oakland citizen named
Bustabaldi has been knocked down and robbed. ~ If
his assailant had known his name we believe that
Bnstabaldi would siitl- have his -money.
. As it has long been known that the taxes were to
be terminated to-day, it is not likely there are many
tax stamps or stamped checks' in the hands of the
people. The Government, however, under certain
conditions, will -redeem such as are outstanding.
Documentary stamps, for example, must be presented
in sums of $2 or more and within two years of the
time of their purchase, .;and claims for recovery of
money must be accompanied by the dealers and col
lectors' certificate of the /date" and amount of - sale.
Claims for the redemption <of stamps printed on checks
and drafts, etc., will pass through the hands -of the
collector of the district in which the order for the
Taxes on legacies, of an educational, religious or
charitable character were also repealed by the act, but
the repeal "went into effect on March 1. There, re
main of the war revenues, taxes on bankers' capital
and surplus, on the issue of stock, bonds and certifi
cates of. indebtedness, on brokers, on transfers of
stock,. on proprieto?s of circuses, billiard rooms, thea
ters, etc., on sleeping and parlor car tickets/ and on
inland drafts and bills .of exchange.
Warehouse receipts, 25 cents.
Insurance— Life, 8 cents on each $100; marine, inland,
fire, one-half cent oh each $1; casualty, fidelity and
guaranty, one-half cent on each $1.
1 Lease, 25 cents to tL
Manifest for Custom-house entry, $lto $5. - .
• Mortgage of conveyance in trust, 25 cents for each
$1500/ .- : ... ' ¦/¦' ..-,:.'
Order for payment of money on sight or on demand.
Perfumery and cosmetics, one-eighth cent for each
5 cents.
Power of attorney to vote, 10 cents.
Power of attorney to sell, 25 cents. -
Promissory notes, 2 cents for each $100.
Proprietary medicines, one-eighth cent for each 5
cents.
, Protest, 25 cents.
Telegraph messages, 1 cent.
Telephone messages, 1 cent. .. ( ¦ . .
United States money orders, 2 cents for each $100. -
Express receipts, 1 cent.
Among the-articles on which taxes are reduced are
beer, cigars, cigarettes, tobacco, snuff, conveyances,
bills of exchange, sales of products at exchanges and
passage tickets. Those upon which the taxes have
been repealed altogether are as follows:
Bank checks, 2 cents.
Bills of lading for export, 10 cents.
Bond of obligation by guarantee company, one-half
of 1 cent on each dollar. ¦
Certificates of damage, 25 cents.
Certificates of deposit, 2 cents. ' • V. ; ; '._»_""
Certificates not otherwise specified, 10 cents.
Charter party, $3 to ?10,
Chewing gum, 4 cents on each $1.
Commercial brokers, $20. • •••
Drafts, sight, 2 cents.
BY act of Congress at the late session . a consid
erable reduction will take place in the war reve
nue taxes to-day. Upon some articles the taxes
have been lowered while those upon other articles
have been repealed altogether. At the time the meas
ure was passed it was estimated that the total reduc
tion would amount to about $45,000,000. That sum,
therefore, which was paid last year into the treasury
of the Government, will remain in the hands/ of the
people and the channels of trade.
WAR TAX REDUCTIONS.
PERCENTAGE CHARITY AGAIN.
OUR- Youth, ,'a weekly publication issued and
sold for the. benefit of the San" Francisco Boys'
Home; has in two successive numbers, those
of June 22 and 29, commented adversely upon the
action of The Call in exposing the schemes and the
methods of the percentage charity entertainers who
were recently at work in this city. In noting the
results of the.exposure The Call pointed but that the
charitable institutions of the city would be benefited,
inasmuch as they would hereafter receive all' sums that
the liberality of' our people intend for charitable pur
poses, and not be forced to. content themselves with a
mere percentage. With that claim the editor of Our
Youth takes* issue. ' • ;
After stating that "we, the charities," have been,
struggling with many problems, are hampered by
scarcity of money, have begged with letters and the
best of solicitors but "have somehow failed to touch
the heart of the big, warm-hearted San Francisco pub
lic," he goes" on to say: ."To us comes an Eastern
entertainer. He brings recommendations from the
highest and best societies- of the East. . *•*•-*¦ We
arrange an entertainment with this man. With a band
of well trained workers * he canvasses the city and
brings our work to the notice of men we never could
have reached. The entertainment is well advertised,
well managed and successful, and we receive a larger
amount as our share Jhan has resulted from any three
or four entertainments we have ever given ourselves."
Such is the plea made for percentage charity. It
does not appear to have occurred to the' editor of Our
Youth that the success achieved was in the nature of
fraud, since it-was not known, to the patrons of the
entertainment that the money obtained was to be given
not to the charity named as the beneficiary, but to the
promoters of the . entertainment itself.. Such a plan
could be worked several times with profit, but, in the
end the public would learn the nature of the scheme
and then every charitable entertainment or undertak
ing would suffer. As soon as the public learned that
charities were being used for private gain there would
be a revulsion against them that would greatly dimin
ish the honor in which they are now held.
The view which is now taken by Ouj>£ Youth Js 
largely colored by personal feeling. That is made. >
evident by the fact that in commenting upon the en-|^
tertainment given for the Boys' Home at Golden Gate;
Hall the editor says: "We can't help feeling ..quite ".
resentful toward the daily paper that made it a finan-;
cial failure." Such a feeling is perhaps natural, but
so long as it exists the editor cannot take a fair view
of the subject. There is one feature of the issue, how
ever, which he may be able to. see clearly even in his
present frame of mind. The Call did nothing more
than publish the exact nature of the percentage enter
tainments. If they were good, why was it they col
lapsed as soon as the publication was made?.
The Call did not in any way . misrepresent the
schemes or the methods of the entertainers, and if the
public refused to support their entertainments after
the facts were known , it was only because popular
judgment does not approve of that system of working
for charity. Had The. Call stood aside and permitted
the practice to go on, the results might have involved
the good names of many persons associated with our
charities and some might have been juspected of shar
ing in the percentage that went to private gain. It
was therefore for the interest of all that the exposure
was made, and we repeat that among the beneficiaries
none have had a larger share than our charitable asso
ciations. . ¦ " ¦ • , ' • .
THE departure of, the n^w armored cruiser Cressy from
Portsmouth for China has been delayed for several weeks
owing to the breakdown of her, steering gear. A court
of inquiry found , that the mishap was due to some cne
haying tampered with the steering apparatus while the
ship was at anchor. The damage is such as to necessitate con
siderable work, and it was proposed to fit the rudder of the
Spartiate, another new but disabled cruiser, to the Cressy,
but this has been found impracticable.
' - •. ' ' • • ?
A mutiny of sailor workmen at the . Constantinople arsenal
took place last month. Their grievance' was that although
their time of service had expired a year ago they were forced
to remain, and their meager pay— of about five cents a day
had fallen in arrears. About one hundred of these men made an
effort to leave the arsenal in order to lay their' grievance before
the Sultan, but the guard with a few bayonet thrusts drove
the mutineers back, severely wounding nine of the crowd. A
number of the men were also arrested. Similar outbreaks are
threatened in other Government departments, where many of
th workmen are said to be reduced to starvation, as they have
not_ been paid for many months back.
.*••¦'
An explosion occurred June 5 on board the British destroyer
Daring, when one of the tubes In a Thornycroft boiler blew
out, killing one man and injuring four others severely. A re
markable part of the accident is the fact that the vessel was
steaming at .the low speed of six knots, and that steam, had
been actually reduced when the explosion occurred.
•'* • • ' .*¦¦'!¦
Fireproof wood is to be discarded in decks and Joiner work
below the protective, deck in all vessels in the United States
navy, excepting torpldtf boats and destroyers. Metal will be
used in place of wood wherever possible. It is alleged that
the fireproof wood when exposed to the weather a short time
loses 50 per cent of its flreprooflng qualities and that the
process by which it is made fireproof makes the wood brittle.
"¦*¦'•-••_
In the Toklo Museum of Arms there is an Armstrong breech
loading rifle catalogued among ancient and obsolete guns. In
view of the fact that some of these guns are still found on
British- war vessels and that the Volunteer Artillery in many
districts in England have no other guns, the sarcasm becomes
Very pointed and most, humiliating to Great Britain.
. • • »
Commander Wadagakl of the battleship Hatsuse at Tt *°~
suku committed suicide In his cabin on May 25 by cutting nis
throat with a sword. He graduated from the naval school in
1S84, and attained the rank of commander two years ago. Tem
porary insanity caused the act of the promising officer.
A novel suggestion for army and navy reform was recently
proposed by Major General Webber, a retired engineer offlcer
in the British army. In the paper which he read before tne
United Service Institution he proposes the establishment of a
permanent Advisory Board, composed of officers from the navy
and army, to be selected by the Crown, and to be as Inde
pendent and a3 immovable as the members of the Judicial
Bench. He would leave many details as they are now, to tna
administrations of the Admiralty and War Office, but the in
telligence departments of the two services should be trans
ferred to the Advisory Board.
The growth of the United States navy of the last ten years
in ships and men has outstripped many of the attending shore
requirements, and the Navy Department finds Itself cramped
for prison accommodations. The naval prisons at Boston and
Mare Island have been enlarged and it is now decided to
utilize the Southery, a former collier, as a receiving ship at
Norfolk for prisoners until they can be transferred to the shore
prisons. There are now nearly three times as many men and
boys in the navy as there were ten years ago, and while the
proportion of offenses has largely diminished, owing to the
greater care exercised in enlisting, there is of course an in
creased number of offenders to be temporarily provided for
until they are dismissed from the service for good.
Ninety-five vessels are in course of construction for "the
French navy. The list embraces four battleships, fourteen
armored cruisers, one protected cruiser, twenty-flve destroyers,
three sea-going torpedo boats, twenty-four coast and harbor
torpedo boats and twenty-four submarine boats.
The Teal, one of two shallow draught gunboats built by
Yarrow for* the British navy, has had a successful trial. The
boat was to carry a load of forty tons In armament and coal
on a draught of two feet three inches. All the vulnerable parts
of the vessel are plated— proof against rifle fire. On the trial
the boat drew two feet two and a. quarter Inches and averaged
a speed of thirteen knots. The vessels have twin screws.
burden of it. has been greatly lightened, and what will
be. more satisfactory to the people, the taxes which
have been i most irritating and annoying .' have been
repealed altogether. ' \ '..•'-¦'
ITEMS OF INTEREST PERTAINING
TO THE NAVIES OF THE POWERS
GWIN AS A BUILDER.
printing of the stamps was purchased to Washington.
Thus,' while something of the war ; tax remains, the
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JVLTZ 1, 1901;.
MONDAY./* „„ JULY x, 1901
JOHN a SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Atdrni 111 CmubuImUqu U W» B. LEAM» ¦ Xiugtr.
MANAGER'S OFFICE) ...... .Telrphonc Press 2O4
Telephone Press 201* - '
- EDITORIAL ROOMS . ... .217 to £31 gfertmon ?t.
Telephone Press 202.
. XtellTercA by Carrlem, 13 Cent* P«r WeelC
SInjarle Copi**". 5 Cents.
Termi by Mali, Including Postage I
DAILY CALL. (Including Sunday), on* yrar.... J6.00
DAJLT CAUL, (Including Sunday), 6 month? 3.00
DAILT CALL, <lncludlnK Sunday), .» month* ..1.60
t>AIL,T CAXir-By Slngrle Month 65c
SUNDAY CAL.U One Year - 1.50
WEEKX.Y CALU On» Year 100
All postmasters are authorised to receive
. '. subscriptions.
Eamp!« copies will be forwarded when rtquested.
Mall subscribers in ordering change of address should be
particular to give both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS In order
to Insure a prompt and correct compliance with their request.
OAKLASD OFFICE 1118 Broadway
C. GEORfiB KUOGXESS.
Kaaaf«r Tenign Afirtrtlfiag, Htrosett* Building, CMeigo.
(Long Distance Telephone "Central 2619.")
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C C CAB.LTOX .Herald Square
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPDEV B. SMITH 3O Trlhnne Building:
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
\£. Waldorf-Astoria Hotel; A." Brentano, 31 Union Square;
Murray Hill Hotel.
¦
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Sherman House; P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel;
Fremont House; Auditorium Hotel.
BRASCH OFFICES— 527 Montgomery,* corner of Clay, open
until 9:30 o'clock. 800 Hayes, open until 9:S0 o'clock. 633
McAllister, open until 9:30 o'clock. C15 Larkln, open until
»:30 o'clock. 1941 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 2261 Market.
- corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock. 1096 Valencia, open
until 9 o'clock. 106 Eleventh, open until 9 o'clock. NW.
corner Twenty-second and Kentucky, open until 9 o'clock.
2200 FUlznore. open until 9 p. m.
Collis P. Huntington
Mark Hopkins
Henry E. Huntington
Charles H. Tweed
Edward H. Harriman
Charles M. Hays
J. M. Herbert
E. H. Fitzhugh
William" H. Mills
William F. Herrin
T. H. GoOdman
William Hood
Joseph Horsburgh Jr.
F. H. Davis
4
2 J 1
• Celebrate |
© 1 I 1 W JmJBLm i*tl
| / California V •
I Fireworks, |
J' Buy direct from . $
•> , the makers, o
I CALIFORNIA |
8 FIREWORKS S
SCO 219 Front St;5
J VVl » SAN FRANCISCO. S
O ¦ •¦_ '¦ —^— .-¦ . I.-::-; ¦ %
© . Open Evenings of r 9
• July let, 2d and 3d. •
TO SUBSCRIBERS LEAYING T0W5 FOR THE SUMMER.
Call aubucrlbera contemplating a change et
residence during: the summer months can h»ra
Cfcelr paper forwarded by mall to tkelr neir
aUreiaei by notlfyinnr Tne Call Business Office.
Tmla paper Trill also be on sale at all inmicir
ttiaurts and la represented by a local aareat In
•U tewa* *m the coast.
AMUSEMENTS.
Tlvoll— "Babes In the 'Wood."
Orpheum — VaudevlUe.
Columbia— "Under Two Flars."
Alcazar— "Saptio."
Grand Opera-house— "The Only Way."
Central — "Davy Crockett."
Olympia. corner Mason and Eddy streets — Specialties.
Chutes, Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
evening.
Fischer* b— Vaudeville.
Sixteenth and Folsom streets— Scientific Boxing, Thursday,
July 4.
Butro Baths— Swimming.They have been pouring oil on the trou
bled, shifting dust of the park roads, and
now some oil must be poured on the trou
bled minds of seme of the local horsemen
before the scheme of the Park Commis
sioners to make driving In the city's great
pleasure place more pleasant will be
unanimously admitted a success.. It is
the consensus of opinion, however, that
the benefits to horsemen' already derived
through putting into operation the plan
to sprinkle the park roads with crude pe
troleum outweigh its shortcomings, and
the scheme of the Park Commissioners
is not as yet in full effect.
Several horsemen who drove through
the park yesterday complained that the
bits of oil-soaked sand left unsightly spots
on their driving coats and deadened
the gloss of their vehicles, 1 This was true,
in a measure, but these few complainers
did not stop to consider the fact that
there was no dust to fill their eyes and
the lungs of their speeding horses, and
again that the evergreens, foliage and
grass along the driveways were greener
than ever before at this time of the year,
for no dust had gathered on them in red,
unsightly coats. . - .
It is also explained by those who have
the matter of sprinkling the roads with
oil in charge that the small matter of the
flying bits of oil-soaked sand will be cor
rected within a few weeks. When the road
has become sufficiently packed a light
layer of white sand will be sprinkled
thfcreon, and the result will be roads as
smooth as the proverbial barn floor, dust
less and noiseless.
No accidents or incidents worthy of
mention were reported to the park police
yesterday. The crowds around the music
stand and at the beach were larger than
for some weeks past. The. memory of the
few days' warm weather California has
been enjoying caused many people to
leave their homes for a day's outing but :
they were disappointed, for the warm
spell had passed. It was chilly and windy
at the park ami beach, and early in the
afternoon the people began to turn home
ward.
An unusually good bill at the Chutes at
tracted a large crowd of pleasure seekers.
The many features, both inside and out
i? e i* 1^ 06 theater, were well patronized,
all or the visitors enjoying the day's out
ing. ,.
Following the the results of the swim
ming races at Sutro Baths yesterday: .
50-yard race— \V. Stockton first. P. Sundburg
second; under- water swimming- race— J Eras
my first. P. Sundburg second; tub race— J. Car
ney nrst, A. Sundburg second, "P. 6undburg
third: 100-yard race for amateurs— W Stock
ton first. H. Heinz second; trick and fancy
d vlng-W. Stockton first. A. Sundbur* second;
high diving— W. Stockton first, H. Heinz sec
ond.
Crowds Enjoy Outing at the
Beach, Sutro Baths and
the Chutes. "
Majority of Horsemen
Favors Commission's
New Scheme.
OIL LAYS DUST
ON PARK ROADS
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer Movements.
'.TO SAIL.
FROM SEATTLE.
Gus Borg, a Canvasser residing at 81
Natoma street, committed suicide last
night by sending a pistol bullet through
his brain. He was suffering from con
sumption and grew despondent over his
failure to secure relief by medical treat
ment.
Canvasser Commits Suicide.
The Giant Powder Co. has declared dividend
No. 31 of seventy-flve cents per share.
DEEP-SEA FLEET
ARRIVES IN BAY
Five Steamships From
the Bast -and South
America.
Tucapel Brings News of a
Smallpox * Scare in
Costa Rica.
A fleet of steamships made port yester
day; One was the Tucapel from South
and Central America; another was the
San Jose from Panama and way ports;
two more were the Asuncion and Enter
prise from New Yorlc, while the remainder
were coasters. The Curacao from Mexi
can ports and the Zealandla from Hono
lulu were both expected during the morn
ing, but they were delayed by the heavy
northerly gale reported off shore. Late in
the evening the Curacao got In, but it
will probably be this morning before the
Zealand:.* comes along.
The Tucapel brought up more than fifty
passengers and 9M) tons of cargo. The
San Jose left Mazatlan on the 23d inst.,
and at that time there were seventeen
people waiting transportation to San
.Francisco. They would not book by the
ban Jose, but preferred waiting for the
Tucapel. The latter did not leave Mazat
lan until the 25th inst., but she was only
a few hours behind the San Jose In mak
ing port. The Tucapel's cabin passengers
¦were the following- named:
Luis Oyarzun, Luis Pomar, Luis Pomar Jr.,
Miguel Vueetlch, F. M. Hanchett and wife,
Domii-go Salinas and wife, Jose Toriblo Cerna,
Alberto Cannon. Herbert S. Headinfirton. Mrs.
A. -U. de L'lloa and child. John T. Wright,
wife and child; Mrs. Antonla. S. de Meza,
Mrs. Sara M. de Melendez. William O. Labert,
Thumbs \V. Wheelock, Andres Gibert and wife.
Peter Meyland, Carlos Schumann, Pablo Schu
mann. Be«rifredo Fernandez, Mrs. Francisca
13. de Canedo and daughter. Miss Clementina.
Alcalde, Ml.-u Maria Alcalde, Mies Herllnda
Beltran, Miss Antonla Beltran, Miss Dolores
Rodriguez, Antonio Farriba and nephew, An
dres Avendano ar.d Eix children and servant.
Miss Adela Chavez. Luis Aldunate, Tomas
1'i.ai te, Jose Callakis, Ha Chin, Lam Lafo.
Yeitlro Arr.>. John Paul, Miss Adelalda Bra.hu
romucrt, Pedro Groose and wife, James D.
Starey, John w. Fitch and Enrique C. Fitch.
Luis Oyarzun is a lieutenant in the
Chilean navy and is coining here to in
tpect the various ship building plants and
gun factories. Luis Pomar is a captain
in the Chilean navy and is on his way to
the Pan-American Exposition at Buffalo.
Albert Cunnop and Herbert S. Headington
are the owners of a mine in Honduras,
said to be one of the richest in the world.
John T. Wright and family and F. M.
Hanchette and wife are returning from
a trip to Central America.
The Tucapel was considerably delayed
In Central American ports. She only had
400 packages of merchandise for San Jose
de Guatemala, but she was detained two
days in landing. At San Benito she was
ready to sail at 3 o'clock one afternoon,
but was held twenty-four hours waiting
for three packages of mail that contained
about nine letters.
The Tucapel did not stop at Punta
Arenas, Costa Rica, as smallpox was
epidemic there. The Llmari that sailed
from here several weeks -ago put in there
and v.as quarantined for twelve days.
There were three deaths from smallpox
and two from yellow fever aboard. When
the vessel was released she was ordered
direct to Valparaiso. The Limari had 600
tons of freight, nearly all machinery,
aboard for Guayaquil. This was all on top
of the other cargo, so everything in the
hold for other places had to be taken to
Valparaiso. The steamship will have to
make a special trip to deliver the stuff,
so the Aconcagua, is coming here In her
place.
The Tucapel left three stranded Ameri
cans at Acapulco. Captain Mofflt could
not let them stowaway, nor could be ship
them as crew, and they had no money
with which to pay their passage. They
had been into Mexico on a prospecting
trip and were making their way back to
the United States when they were stopped
by a small insurrection in the province of
Guerrero. The Minister there heard that
President Diaz was dying and proclaimed
himself Governor. He was afterward ar
rested and is now in jail. Failing to pass
through Guerrero the men made for Aca
pulco and by the time they reached there
had spent their last cent. They will be
sent home by the United States Consul
Enterprise and Asuncion Arrive.
Two of the steamships that are coming
here from the East for the coal trade ar
rived yesterday. The Asuncion was built
on Lake Erie and is the largest steamship
that ever came out of that sheet of water
intact. The others came through "the
locks in section. As it was, It was touch
and go with the Asuncion. -
She is a queer looking craft and there
was some trouble in getting a crew for
her at Baltimore. Soon after passing Cape
Henry" her steering gear got out of order
and the crew had much trouble getting
her to Rio de Janeiro. At the latter place
she was repaired and sailed for Coronel.
From Ccronel the voyage was uneventful.
The Enterprise was formerly the British
steamship St. George and was in the
Australian passenger trade. She was sent
to Cuba with . a cargo of coal during the
war and was stranded near the spot
where General Shafter landed.- She was
grot off and repaired at New York, after
whicn she received an American registry.
She made the run from Baltimore with
ont a stop and Is now ready to go to sea
again. She is 323 feet long, 37 feet beam,
Ti feot 10 inches deep and 2593 tons gross
burden.
Captain F. C. 'Miller of the Enterprise
¦was master of the press boat Wanda dur
ing the Cuban war. One of the newspaper
men with him was Dunning, who is now
on his way here to be a witness in the
Botkin case. L>uring the battle of San
tiago the Wanda had fer fore topmast
carried away. The sight of the battleship
Oregon brought the whole fight back to
Captain Miller's mind and he was loud in
his praise of the work done by the "bull
dog of the American navy."
Arrival of the San Jose.
The Pacific Mail Company's San Jose
arrived from Panama and way ports yes
terday. Among her cargo was $117,794 In
treasure for San Francisco and $42,278 in
bullion for New York. The rest of her
cargo is composed of coffee, rubber, hides
and sugar. She brought up fifteen cabin
passengers, ten gteerage passengers and
three Chinese in transit. The cabin pas
sengers were the following named:
Dr. F. 6oul», D. W. B!akeley, W. A. Ers
klne, Jpseph F. Curtis. A. B. Curtis, A. F.
Curtis, Professor George C. ¦ Tllden. Bernardo
Prieto. Atlllo Prieto, Carlos Cocchella, M.
Curry May»«. William Clark. Leon Ton Sew
Lon, Ernest Hockmeyer and W. C. Aust.
The San Jose was delayed by a slight
NOTE— The high and low • waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at ' Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent..
Sun, Moon and Tide.
Stmr Asuncion, Evans. 82 days from Balti
more, via Rio de Janeiro 52 days and Coronel
21 daj-s.'
Chil Etmr Tucapel, Moffett, 43 days from
Valparaiso and way ports, via Mazatlan 4V£
days.
Stmr Bonlta, Nopander, 70 hours from New
port and way ports.
Stmr Gipsy, Leland, 24 hours from Moss
Landing.
Etmr Geo Looinis, Bridsett, from Ventura.
Stmr Empire, Macgenn, 43"^ hours from Coos
Bay.
Stmr Corona, Gielow, 44 hours ¦ from San
Diego and way ports.
Stmr Coronado, Johnson, 40 hours from San
Pedro. ' "
Stmr Curacao, Parsons, 13 days from Guay
mas. via Ensenada 2 days and San Pedro 35
hours.
Schr S Danielson, Hansen, 3 days from Slus
law River.
Schr Jenle Grtfln, Camobell. 5 hours from
Point Reyes.
Schr Glen, Johnson, 5 days from Rules Land-
Schr Mary C, Campbell, 8 hours from Bo
deca.
SAILED.
Sunday, June 30.
U S stmr Thetis, .
Stmr Eureka. Jessen. Eureka. ' .
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, San Dieiro.
Stmr £?*n Pedro, Jahnsen, Eureka.
Stmr W H Kruger, Krog, Fort Bragg.
Stmr Walla Walla, Hall, Victoria.
Stmr Mackinaw, Littlefleld. Seattle.
Bark R P Rithet, McPhail. Honolulu. •'- .
Schr Newark. Cranele, .
Schr Jennie Stella, Krebs, Grays Harbor.
Schr San Buenaventura, Holmberg, Grays
Harbor.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT UO'BOS.j June 30—10 p. m.— "Weather
hazy, wind southwest, velocity 12 miles per
hour.
SPOKEN.
June 22, 150 miles north of Dutch Harbor—
Stmrs Ruth and John S Kimball, from Seattle,
for Nome, surrounded by ice.
UNALASKA— Sailed June 15— Stmr Dora, for
"Nome. •
Per 6tmr Humboldt— June 28, 200 miies off
Cape Flattery, ship Tacoma, from Bristol Bay,
for San Francisco.
MEMORANDUM.
Per stmr Asuncion, from Baltimore, June 30
— Put in to Rio de Janeiro, May 5, to repair
steering gear and sailed on May 9.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
PORT TOWNSEND— Passed in June 30— Stmr
Humboldt, from Nome, for Seattle; ship Spar
tan, hence June 14, for Seattle. 1
' TACOMA— Arrived June 30— Schr Commerce,
from Port Townsend.
SEATTLE— Arrived June 30— Stmr Humboldt,
from Nome.
NEAH BAY— Passed in June 30— Br stmr
Victoria, hence June 26. for Nanalmo.
SEATTLE— Sailed June 30-Stmr City of
Seattle, for Skaguay.
TACOMA— Sailed June 30— Stmr Washtenaw,
for San Francisco.
ASTORIA— Arrived June 20— Ger ship Ecua
dor, from Tsintau. ."
NEAH BAY— Passed out June SO— Br ship
Howth, from Tacoma, for L*. K.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
JTE"W YORK— Arrived June 30— Stmr Asto
ria, from Glasgow and-Movllle; stmr Dlnna
more, from Genoa, Meseina and Palermo; stmr
La Champagne, from Havre; stmr Statendam,
from Rotterdam and Bouloene.
¦ ANTWERP— Arrived June 30— Stmr South
wark, from New York.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived June 30— Stmr Geor
gian, from New York; stmr Georgic, from
New York; stmr Umbria, from New York, via
Queenstown. .,
MOVILLE— Arrived June 30— Stmr Tunlson.
from Montreal and Quebec, for Liverpool, and
proceeded: etmr Sardinian, for Glasgow.
QUEENSTOWN— Sailed June 30— Stmr Cam
pania, from Liverpool, for New York.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
¦ Sunday, June 30.
Stair San Jose, Brown, 26 days from Panama
and way ix>rts.
Stmr Enterprise, Miller, 72 days from Balti
more. :
Francisca Zunisa, Jules Rod, wife and two
children. Manuel Mexia, Ignacio A. Romero,
Gabriela C. Mendez, Cecilia O. Valle, Alfredo
Coppel, Alfred Kempson and .wife, K. C. Mon
tano, Mrs. E. D. Gilbert, Joseph Linden and
Edward Busee.
The Pacific Coast Steamship Company's
Curacao arrived from Mexican ports last
evening. She brings a large cargo of tan
bark and concentrates and the following
named cabin passengers:
Curacao Arrives From Mexico.
breakdown In her machinery. She lost
nearly a day off Cape Sasi Lucas owing to
that, and then was delayed again, owing
to a mishap to her boilers. She will be
overhauled before going out again.
Another strike is threatened. This time
the sheet metal workers are going out.
Just what their grievances may be has
not yet been determined. It is possible
it will be a sympathetic strike.,
Inquiries as to the purport of the visit
of Thomas L,. Wilson, fourth vice presi
dent of the International Machinists' "As
sociation, whom Secretary Wisler of the
local branch asserts came into this city
on Friday night, have been futile. Wilson,
is apparently one of the will'-o'-the-wisps'
connected •with the strike. The machin
ists contend that he has come here to set
tle matters, but so far he is not publicly
in evidence.
Wilson's Mysterious Visit.
The executive council of the State Fed
eration of Labor met yesterday morning
in room 207 of the Emma Spreckels build
ing. Those present were C. D. Rogers of
Oakland, who presided: I. Less of San
Francisco. W. J. Coons of San Jose; Har
ry Smith, of Vallejo; M. Davis, of San
Francisco, and Guy Lathrop, .who was
formerly connected with the Building
Trades Council. The only absentee was J.
C. Netz of Los Angeles.
The State Federation of Labor repre
sents some sixty odd labor organizations.
An effort is to be made to extend it
throughout the State and for that pur
pose I. Less and President Rogers will
visit Interior points. Less will take to
district work north of Tehachapl while
Rogers will go farther south.
San Jose Is the apparent 'center of the
movement, and from that city Vice Presi
dent Coons will operate.
The proposition advanced at the last
meeting of the San Francisco Labor
Council advocating the publication of a
labor journal was indorsed, and will re
ceive the hearty support of the members
of the State federation.
Efforts will be made to induce all or
ganizations throughout the State to aid
the men now on strike, whether affiliated
with their union or not.
Resolutions commending the work of
Jefferson D. Pierce, national organizer of
labor, were passed. An engrossed copy
will be presented to him after he returns
to this city. If he does not come back
the copy will be forwarded.
CUTTING WAR TAX
FOR FISCAL YEAR
Many of the Stamps
Abolished and oth
ers Reduced.
Internal Revenue Office Open
at Midnight to Accom
•'inod.ate Brewers.
With the beginning: of the new fiscal
year many of the old war tax stamps are
abolished, and, of those that are left there
are few that have not been reduced.
Stamps will no longer have to be upon
checks, telegrams, express receipts, pat
ent medicines and proprietary articles of
all kinds, and those required on deeds
have been reduced by nearly half. The
stamps will still be required on freight re
ceipts and bonds.
There is also a reduction In the war tax
on beer and tobacco, but that on wine
remains as it was.
The tax on beer has' been reduced from
|1 85 a barrel to $1 60. The reduction goes
into effect to-day, and as the brewers
wished to have them for use this morning
they requested Internal Revenue Collector
Lynch to keep his office open for a short
time just after 12 o'clock 'last night. The
Government forbade the issue of the
stamp until the reduction went into ef
fect, which was at 12, so the brewery men
promised to send in for the new' stamps
between 12 and 1 o'clock last night if the
omce would keep open for that hour. The
office was kept open, and in the hour
nearly $15,000 was taken in for the new
beer stamps.
Ever since it was announced that the
added tax would be dropped the brewers
have been running short on stamps until
the end of the fiscal year left them with
scarcely one of the old ones. The tax on
beer before the war was $1 a barrel. This
was raised to $2 a barrel to raise revenue
for the war, and later it was reduced; to
$1 85, by allowing the brewers a discount
of IVz per cent. Now it is reduced further
by 25 cents, but 60 cents of the old war tax
still remains on. the original $1 tax on the
barrel.
On cigars the tax is now $3, where yes
terday it was $3 60 on the thousand. The
cigarette tax has been reduced from $1 50
a thousand to $1 06. The tax on tobacco
and snuff has been reduced from 12 cents
a pound to 9 6-10 cents. - • k--(
All tobacco that has been stamped with
the old stamps must be inventoried in the
different stores to-day, and in the pres
ence of disinterested witnesses, and a re
bate on the old stamps will then be paid,
but the stock must be inventoried to-day
or there can be no rebate. .
The men in charge of the office of the
Internal Revenue Collector last night
were G. A. Wright, cashier, and George
Lewis, assistant cashier. Collector Lynch
was also at the office.
the early morning tides are slven in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time of
day; the third time column gives the last tide
of the day, ezcept when there are but three
tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights given
are in addition to the soundings on the United
States Coast Survey charts, except when a
minus (— ) sign precedes the height, and then
the number given is subtracted from the depth
given by the charts.- The plane of reference la
the mean of the lower low waters.
State Federation of Labor
Advocates Publishing
Labor Paper.
Wilson Is a Mysterious
Figure in "Whole
Matter.
END OF STRIKE
NOT IN SIGHT
NOTE— In the ; above ¦ exposition of the tides
THE SAN FRANCISCO- CALL, MONDAY, JULZ 1, 19OI.
5
MONDAY. JULY 1.
Sun rises.
Sun sets..
Moon rises
. Time
Date
L W
1 ... 6:05
2 ... 6:42
3 ... 6:20
H W
4 ... O:CS
5 ... 1:00
6 ... 1:55
7 .. 8:00
i'ifuVi
i •. i
."•
—0.6
—0.8
-0.6
I*)'.'.'.*.*.'
|Tlme :
I
H,W
12:24
1 :00
,1:37
L W
7:00
7:40
'8:18
9:04
Time
Ft. Ft.
-¦- L W
4.7 4:36 3.0
4.8 6:20 3.0
4.9 6:10 2.9
H W
—0.4 ,2:11 5.0
—0.1 2:46 5.2
0.3 • 3:22 5.3
0.8 4:01 • 6.4
VoYoV'i
Time
H.W
10:37
11:21
..4:50
..7:35
). rn.
i ~~~
Ft.
6.9
6.8
5.6
6.4
6.1
> 4.6
L'W
7:01
- 8:00
9-04
10:10
' 2.7
¦ 2.4
2.1
1.7
Steamer.
From.
Due.
Zealandla Honolulu j
Rainier Seattle & N. Whatcom.
Mandalay Coqullle River
Acme TMamook Bay
Santa Barbara Humboldt
Sierra Sydney & "Way Ports..
St. Paul Nome & St.- Michael...
Umatilla Puget Sound Ports......
Hermonthls..*.. Hamburg & Way Pts..
Fulton Grays Harbor
Noyo Cayucos ;....
Washtenaw.... Tacoma
Eureka Humboldt '.
Pomona Humboldt
North IJ>rk.... Humboldt
G. XV. Elder... Portland and Astoria..
Point Arena... Point Arena
Santa Rosa Pan Diego ..
Crescent City.. Crescent City ;;y.*
Coos Bay Newport
Arequipa Valparaiso & Way Pts
G. Dollar Grays Harbor
Rival Willapa Harbor '.'.
San Pedro ,*.".. .
'<ty of Puebla. Puget Sound Ports
Arcata Coos Bay
July 1
July 1
July 1
July 1
July 1
July 1
July 1
July .1
July 2
July 2
July 3
July 3
July 3
July i
July 4
July 4
July 4
July 4
July 4
July 4
July 5
July 5
July 5
July 5
July 6
July 6
learner.
Destination.
Sails.
Pier.
Lakme Humboldt
Coquille Rive Grays Harbor ....
Area t a Coos Bay
Coronado Seattle & Everett..
Pomona Humboldt
.Inly 2.
Empire ; Coos Bay
Columbia Astoria & Portland
Acme Siuslaw River ....
Bonita San Pedro
July 3.
Zealandia Honolulu
R. Dollar Seattle & Hiilock.
Noyo.: Humboldt ..........
Mandalay.... Coquille River ....
Corona San Dlejro
Jnly 4.
Santa Barb'rr Humboldt i
July B. |
Umatilla Puget Sound Ports
Ammon Hamburg & Way..
Despatch Seattle & Falrhavn
- Jnly 6.
Tucapel Valparaiso & Way
Rainier....... Seattle & N. What.
Coos Bay Newport
12 m Pier 2
6 pm Pier 28
12 m Pier 13
5 pm Pier 2
1:80 p Pier 9
10 am Pier 13
11 am Pier 2*
3 pm Pier 13
9 am Pier 11
10 am Pier 7
5 pm Pier 2
5 pm Pier 2
2 pm Pier —
9 am Pier 11
10 am Pier 2
11 am Pier 9
12 m Pier 27
5 pm Pier 16
2 pm Pier 27
5 pm Pier 2
9 am Pier 11
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
J. S. Klmball.. Nome & St. Michael.. July 1
Oregon Nome & Teller City July 1
Victorian Skaguay & Way Porte. July 3
City of. Topeka Skaguay & Way Ports. July 4
Alki Skaguay & Way Ports. July 4
State of Cal Nome direct ..July 4
Nome City Nome. Teller & Topkuk Julys 5
Humboldt Skaguay & Way Ports. July 6
Farallon Skaguay & Way Ports. July- 7
Steamer.
From.
Due.
Zealandla Honolulu j
Rainier Seattle & N. Whatcom.
Mandalay Coqullle River
Acme TMamook Bay
Santa Barbara Humboldt
Sierra Sydney & "Way Ports..
St. Paul Nome & St.- Michael...
Umatilla Puget Sound Ports......
Hermonthls..*.. Hamburg & Way Pts..
Fulton Grays Harbor
Noyo Cayucos ;....
Washtenaw.... Tacoma
Eureka Humboldt '.
Pomona Humboldt
North IJ>rk.... Humboldt
G. XV. Elder... Portland and Astoria..
Point Arena... Point Arena
Santa Rosa Pan Diego ..
Crescent City.. Crescent City ;;y.*
Coos Bay Newport
Arequipa Valparaiso & Way Pts
G. Dollar Grays Harbor
Rival Willapa Harbor '.'.
San Pedro ,*.".. .
'<ty of Puebla. Puget Sound Ports
Arcata Coos Bay
July 1
July 1
July 1
July 1
July 1
July 1
July 1
July .1
July 2
July 2
July 3
July 3
July 3
July i
July 4
July 4
July 4
July 4
July 4
July 4
July 5
July 5
July 5
July 5
July 6
July 6
learner.
Destination.
Sails.
Pier.
Lakme Humboldt
Coquille Rive Grays Harbor ....
Area t a Coos Bay
Coronado Seattle & Everett..
Pomona Humboldt
.Inly 2.
Empire ; Coos Bay
Columbia Astoria & Portland
Acme Siuslaw River ....
Bonita San Pedro
July 3.
Zealandia Honolulu
R. Dollar Seattle & Hiilock.
Noyo.: Humboldt ..........
Mandalay.... Coquille River ....
Corona San Dlejro
Jnly 4.
Santa Barb'rr Humboldt i
July B. |
Umatilla Puget Sound Ports
Ammon Hamburg & Way..
Despatch Seattle & Falrhavn
- Jnly 6.
Tucapel Valparaiso & Way
Rainier....... Seattle & N. What.
Coos Bay Newport
12 m Pier 2
6 pm Pier 28
12 m Pier 13
5 pm Pier 2
1:80 p Pier 9
10 am Pier 13
11 am Pier 2*
3 pm Pier 13
9 am Pier 11
10 am Pier 7
5 pm Pier 2
5 pm Pier 2
2 pm Pier —
9 am Pier 11
10 am Pier 2
11 am Pier 9
12 m Pier 27
5 pm Pier 16
2 pm Pier 27
5 pm Pier 2
9 am Pier 11
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
J. S. Klmball.. Nome & St. Michael.. July 1
Oregon Nome & Teller City July 1
Victorian Skaguay & Way Porte. July 3
City of. Topeka Skaguay & Way Ports. July 4
Alki Skaguay & Way Ports. July 4
State of Cal Nome direct ..July 4
Nome City Nome. Teller & Topkuk Julys 5
Humboldt Skaguay & Way Ports. July 6
Farallon Skaguay & Way Ports. July- 7
MONDAY. JULY 1.
Sun rises.
Sun sets..
Moon rises
. Time
Date
L W
1 ... 6:05
2 ... 6:42
3 ... 6:20
H W
4 ... O:CS
5 ... 1:00
6 ... 1:55
7 .. 8:00
i'ifuVi
i •. i
."•
—0.6
—0.8
-0.6
I*)'.'.'.*.*.'
|Tlme :
I
H,W
12:24
1 :00
,1:37
L W
7:00
7:40
'8:18
9:04
Time
Ft. Ft.
-¦- L W
4.7 4:36 3.0
4.8 6:20 3.0
4.9 6:10 2.9
H W
—0.4 ,2:11 5.0
—0.1 2:46 5.2
0.3 • 3:22 5.3
0.8 4:01 • 6.4
VoYoV'i
Time
H.W
10:37
11:21
..4:50
..7:35
). rn.
i ~~~
Ft.
6.9
6.8
5.6
6.4
6.1
> 4.6
L'W
7:01
- 8:00
9-04
10:10
' 2.7
¦ 2.4
2.1
1.7
____ADVEaTISElTENTS.
UNITED STATES BRANCH.
-OP THE " . ' ;
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OS* THE
SCOTTISH UNION
AND NATIONAL
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF EDINBURGH, Scotland, on the 31st day
of December; A. D. 1900, and for the year
ending on that day, as made xo the Insurance
Commissioner of the State of •¦ California pur-
suant to the provisions of sections 610 and 611
of the Political Code, condensed as per Wank
furnished by. the Commissioner.
Real Estate owned by Company J218.457 56
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages 1,064.030 17
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company. 1 2,040,363 33
Amount of Loans secured by pledge
of Bonds. Stocks, and other mar-
ketable ' securities as collateral 2,600 00
Cash In Company's Office 583 74
Cash In Banks 519,627 93
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 22,402 40
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages 13,838 34
Premiums In due Course of Collec-
tion .' 451,133 4G
Total Assets $4,312,983 80
LIABILITIES. "
Losses adjusted and unpaid $76,253 81
Losses in process of Adjustment or
in Suspense 151,411 77
Losses resisted, including expenses.. 12.3C0 00
Gross premiums on Kire Risks run-
ning: one year or less. tl.3SO.a94 75;
reinsurance 50 per cent.^ 69S.S97 37
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year, $1,951,-
096 71: reinsurance pro rata 960,491 S3
Due and ' accrued for salaries, rent,
etc 5,000 00
All other liabilities 188,174 07
Total Liabilities .$2,088,923 91
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for Fire
premiums $1,933,994 83
Received for interest on Bonds and
Mortgages .« W.268 72
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds, Stocks, Loans, and from
all other sources ;.... 77.651 51
Received for Rents :*:»..V.:... 2,159 82
Total Income ;... $2,080,072 Si
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Fire Losses
(including $246,295 35, losses of pre-
vious years) $1,383,565 73
Faid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 393.4S5 61
Faid for Salaries, Fees, and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc 91,960 07
Paid for State, National and Local
taxes JJ.021 90
All other payments and expenditures 116.2S3 50
Total Expenditures $2,075,619 81
Fire.
Losses incurred during the year $1,343,071 72
Risks and Premiums. | Fire Risks. | Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during thi?
year $337,480,804 $3,433,140 63
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year 315,081,851 2,9S8,921 43
Net amount In force
December 31, 1900 332,670,794 3,341.69148
JAS. H. BREWSTER, U. S. Manager,
Hartford. Conn.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 22.1
day of January, 1901.
CLARKSON N. FOWLER,
Notary Public.
T. J. A. TIEDEMANN,
Genera! Agent Pacific Coast Department,
439 CALIFORNIA STREET,
¦ Safe Deposit Buildinft.
GIUFOifflU IORTHVESTEBI IT. COL
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND. NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWVJV COMPANY.
Tlburon Ferry, Foot of Market St.
San Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DATS— 7:30, »:00, 11:00 a. m.; 12:35.
1:30. C:10. 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:20 p. m- Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:50
and 11: SO p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 8:30. 11:00 «. m.; 1:30, S:30,
6:00. «:20 v. m.
San Rafael to San Francisco.
WEEK DATS-«:10, 7:50, 9:20. 11:19 a. m.; 1J:4J.
t:40. 6:15 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:53
and 8:35 p. ib.
SUNDAYS— 8:10. 9:10. 11:10 a. m.; 1:4*. J:40.
6:05. 8:25 p. m. *
Leave I In Effect I Arrive
gan Franclaco. [April 28. 1901.1 San Francisco.
' Week I Sun- I I Sun-- I Week
Days. I daya. I Destination. [ days. I Days.
7:30 am 8:00 am Novato. 10:40 am 8:40 am
1:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma. 6:05 pm 10:25 am
6:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa Rosa- 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
Fulton. • :
7:10 am Windsor. 10:23 am
5:00 pm Healdsburg. 10:40 am
Geyservifle.
8:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:35 pm C:30 pm
7:30 ami 5:00 pml liopland 110:40 am 110:25 am
8:30 pm| 8:C0 am| and Uklah. | 7:35 pm| 6:M pm
7:30 am 10:40 am 10:23 am
8:00 am Ouernerllle. 7:35 pm
8:30 pm 5:00 pm 8:20 pm
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma 9:15 ami 8:40 am
¦ and I
8:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. 8:05 pml 8:20 pm
7:30 ami 8:00 ami 110:40 am 110:25 am
8:30 pml 5:00 pm| Sebastopot I 7:35 pml 6:20 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Bprlnirs and White Sulphur Springs: at Fulton
for Altrurla: at Lytton for Lytton •springs: at
Geyservllle for Skaggs Springs; at Cloverdala
for the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan
' Springs. Highland Springs, Kelseyvllle. Carls-
bad Springs. Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Uklah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
Springs. Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Springs, Upper Lake, Pomo. Potter Valley,
John Day's, Riverside, Llerley's, Bucknell'a.
Banhedrln Heights. HullviUe, Orr*s Hot
Springs. Mendoclno City. Fort Bragg. West-
port, Usal. Wllllts, Laytonville. Cummins.
Bell's Springs, Harris. Olsen's, Dyer. Scotia
and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sunday round trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Office. 650 Market street. Chronlcl*
Building. ,
*H. C. WHITINO. - R. X. RYAN.
Pen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agt.
Santa Fe Trains
Leave Market-street Ferry Depot.
I Local I Lim'd I Ovrl'd I Local
I Dally I « I Dally | Dally
Lv. San Fran 7:20 a 9:00 a 8:00 p 4:20p
Ar. Stockton. 10:18 a 11:45 a 11:10 p 7:18 p .
, " Merced . 12:22 p 1:17 p 1:19 a 9:11 p
" Fresno .. 2:05 p 2:35 p 3:05 a 10:50 p
-" Hanford. 3:12 p 3:27 p 7:06 a ........
" Vlsalla .. 8:40 p 4:4S a
" Bakersfld 6:15 p 5:20 p 7:30 a
" Kans. Cy 2:40 a 7:30 a
" Chicago . 2:15 p I 9:00 p
a for morning, p for afternoon. t.
•9:00 a. m. train Is the California Lim-
ited, leaving Monday and Thursday only. .
carrying Palace Sleeping Cars and Dining
Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car runs
to Bakersfleld for accommodation of local
first-class passengers. No second-class
tickets honored on tht«' train. Correspond-
ing train arrives at 5:55 p.' m. Tuesday and
Friday.
: 4:20 p. m. Is Stockton and Fresno local
Corresponding train arrives at 12:30 p m
dally. , ¦; ¦¦-.--
8:00 p. .m. la the Overland ETDress. with
through . Palace nnd '-Tourist Sleep»r* and
Free Recllnlrte Chair Cars to, Chicago-
also Palace Sle«p»r. whloh cnts out «t
Fresno. Corresponding train arrives at 5:55
p. m. dally. , * • ¦
7:20 a. m. . 1« BakersfleM Lo<*al. ' otopntn*
at all nolntft In San Joaauin Valley. Cor-
¦ re"r»ondln*r truin arrives at 8:40 a. m. daily.'
- Office'" — 641 Market street and In F»rry
Depot, San Francisco; 1112 Broadway. Oak-
land. ' - : ¦ ¦ :
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
Via" Sausallto Ferry— Foot of ¦ Market St.
Leave San Fran. ' Arrive San Fran.
9:30 a. m.l ......WEEKDAYS...... f 3:35 p.'m.
¦ 1:45 p. m. VStay over nlsht at the'j -5:55 p.m. ;
4:15 p. m.j . TAVERN. I 8:45 a. m.
8:00 a. m.l - f 12:15 p. m. #
9:00 a.m. • j 1:15 p. m.V
10:00 a. m. <¦....... SUNDAYS .......{ 3:30p.m.
11:30 a. m. •3f*3g£r?|Z3j j 4:50 p.m.
: i;30 p. m. I 5:50 p." rn.
¦2:30 p m.j \ ' (.7:10 p.m.
' On Thursday, July 4, trains will run on Sun-
day, time. 'Fare, San Francisco to Summit and
-•Return. - $1.40. t. Ticket Offices. 621 Market St.
and Sausallto Ferry. ¦
ADVEKTISEMENTS.
Wash once with Fels-Naptha
soap. If you don't consider it
worth $i a week, your grocer
returns your money.
Fcls & Co., makers, Philadelphia.
6 visit DR. JORDAN'S great 6
iMUSEUM OF ANATOMY^
A gfi ia51fcTAEnTST.tet.6-Ji*7a,S.r.C*l. I
\> Cjf The I jr^tst Anatomical Maseum in Ibe \
h _, !^t«_ World. y> uknetses or *ny contracted A
V jKJSa diSPtie »»«•"'?•- 1 7 c»rt-dhy the oldest T
!© tf& 3 I bpedaliit on the Oiisl. Eit. 36 years. ©
0 £*2^g 0R - JORDAN-DISEASES CF MEN i
\ f rtlafS ¦ Coamltation free and strictly private. \
O I MfvtLB T"*""* 111 personally rr by letter. A A
\ I tf 111 Potitivt Curt in erety case undertaken. \.
i t It HO Write for Iloolc. Pnil.OSOPIIVol A
* II I' ¦aKBIAtE, MAILHD FREE. ( A ¥
A M cJ- valuable book for mm) \
f n tt. JOEDAX A CO.. 1051 Market St.S. P. 7
BAIWAY TBAVEL.' ,
Cheap Rates
East via
JuillU 15
The places, the rates for
the round trip and tha
dates of sale are below.
• The other details can ba
had of the Santa Fe agents.
BUFFALO, $87.00
July 3, 4; Aug. 22, 23 j
CHICAGO, $72.50 —
July 20, 21.
CINCINNATI, S76.50 "
June 30 and July 1.
' CLEVELAND, $82.50
Sept. 5 and 6.
COLORADO SPRINGS' $55
July 8 and 9.
DETROIT, $82.25
July 1 and 2. . vr~-'
LOUISVILLE, $77,50. _
Aug. 20 and 21. ••
MILWAUKEE, $74.50
.July 17 and 18.
The best service and the.
pleasantest way is fur-
nished by the
Sfltltfl rP •
E41 MARKET ST.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC.
Trains lu» nu.l »»r» <<<¦<• *m nrrlTO m«
man ritAacisco.
(Mala Line. Foot of Marlcet Street) *; -
isiti — Fro* Juxe 18. 1301. — auxys
7:OOa Banlcla, Suiaun, Elmira. VacafUIa,
Rumsej anil Sicrauiento C:S3r
7:30 a Uartluez,SauIUmon,VaUeJo,Kapa,
Caliatogk »ud Santa Hom 0:23r
8:00 a Davis. Woodland. KntgHu Laadia*.
MarysTiile. Oxo*ill«. 7:35r
*:OO» Atlantic! K x press— Ogden and Eaat lSsSISy
»:««a Kiles, Lathrop, Stockton 3lSa»
8:00a NUes, Mendota, Hantord, TisaUa,
Portenills 4i33y
8i30a Shasta Expres»-D»f U, Williams (for
Bartlett Springs). WlUowa, Red
Bluff, Portland... ¦ ~:33r
*iS0A Sau Jose, IJtermors, Stockton,
Ioue, Saoramento, Plawrriiie.
MarjiTllls, Chlco. KadBlnS 4iVlr
«i80a Oakdale. Chinese (Yosemite). 80-
nora. Carters 4t25p
Os«Oa HaTward, NUes and Waj SUtloaa.. 1 1 »••»* a
9:OOa Vallejo la:-i--»p .
U:««A Loa Aogelea Express — Martinex,
Tracy, Lathrop, otocktou, Merced
FreiuoaudLo* Amjelea... 7i33p
O18OA Vallejo. Martinax au<t Way SUtlona 7s.1Sr
1 OiOUA Tho Overland limited— Ogdon. D«n-
Ter, Omaha, Chieaso.... .......... SiKSp
fl:OOr Sacramento KUer Siemmen f."iiO«A
3t30r Hiy ward, Nilet and Way SUtlona.. 7:33r
4i00j> isenfcfa. Whiten. tSaontmanlo, ¦ '
Woodland, KulgkU Lauding. I *
Marjraf Hie, Orotille ...^lO.iArf
4: oi> p Martinez, Man Kainon, V»U»jo. .-*¦•¦¦ \3
Napa, «»MiitoK». 8»nta Kosa •-»«¦»*«¦;
4t90r Niles. Li-rennoro, Stockton, Lodi... IS,*3pf
4inor Haywird, Niles, Han ,Ioae, Lirermore f«>.i."> a I
4<30p Pert Coaca. Tracy, Lathrop, Stockton 1 <» j25 a I
3:UOf The Owl limited— titmuo, Tolare.
Bakersfleld. Saujua lor Sauta Bar- <V*
bara, Los An«ol«a '. StSSa J
3:00? Martinf z, Antioch, Stockton, Mer- ¦ ; *«•
ced, Fresno 12:23?;
5:O»* Tosemita 1»jS»»1
S:3Or Ntv Orleans Bxpross— Mendota. ' «••'
Fresno. Bakersneld, Los Angeles, •,
Honing. El Faso, New Orleans v
'.. ,. »nd East 7tS9 l$,
«:00r Hajfn»rd,Nil9a»ndS«a Jo«e 7i3S»
ftt:OOp Vallsjo 11:23* |
«:O«p Oriental Mail— Ogden. CUeyenne.
• Omaha. Chicago 12t23r <
m-.OOr Oriental Jlail— Ogden, Denver.
St. Louis, Chicago. l:35r
7:00p Oregon ami California Kxiirets.Has. , '/ .:
rumento. Mantstiile, JCctilillng. '¦' «.
ri.rtl.tml. r.i K «t .Sound and ICask .1:35*
8>o3r Ban Pablo, Port Costa. Martlnes
and Way atatloua I 1:25a
Jg»03r VaHejo ?»»•*?
COAST LINE (NarroiT Unn R e).
(Foot oC Market Street.)
J7 :-»3 a Santa Ornz Excursion to riant* Cnu
¦- and Principal Way Stations JSsOSp
I:I3a Newark, Ceuteif ille,HauJo«?, Krlton,
Boulilor Crcek.Saut a Crux and Way
BUUona 5i5»f
ta=!3r Newark, Centervllle, San .lose, N«w
Ahniileu, Veltun, Ituulder Creek,
Santa Cruz and rrlnolpal Way
Stations lot***
4>l»p Newark, Han Jose, LosGatoa t^^"»
a4»15p Glenwood.Btmlder Creek, 8antaCrn» «»»."V<>Aj'
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
mm Si3 fRASCISCO— Foov of Mirkat Street (Slip 3)-
t?:lft 9:00 11:00a.m. 1:03 3:03 BilSr.M.
?rinOHLllg— r««t.f8r»»iw.T.— 1«:00 t»:00 13.-01
10:00 t.M. 13:03 3:03 «:03r.u.
COAST IjINB (Uroa.l (lu(«).
(Third iuid Tovrngejid Sta.) '%¦"
SiIOa San Joseand Way stations. «:»»p
? 7:0Oa Han Jose and Way SUtfuus... l»:i«-
/7:O» A New Alma.ieu / -III Or
{7i;n>a Stmday Eicnrslon for 8ao Joae.
8»nta Crnz. Pacitic Grore and - ¦'•'•"* A
Principal Way Stations J8:30?^l
SiOOAHau .lose. Tres Pinna, Mnnta <!n«. &
PaoiUe litni?, Salinas. San Lois " ,
Obispo, Santa Barbara and Prln- *
«.. dpal intermediate SUtlnns 7<3op
1Oi»Oa Ban Jose and Way Stations 4>10r
I IiSUa »au .tosa and Way SUtlnns 3i30p
t2<l-">ra*ii Mateo, Redwood. Me'jlo Park.
Palo Alto. Hauta Clara. Man .lose.
Tres Pinoa. HuiU Crm. Salinas.
lloutevey and l'aeinc Gro»u |IAt43a
StXOp San Jose aud Way Stations S:3»a
ftslSr San Joseand Principal Way Stations »:¦!»»
t3tOOpSan Jose, Los Gatos and Principal
Way Stations ; f0:OO« I,
8i30p 3an.)nse ami Principal Way .Stations 8:30a
Oiw«f Redwood, Han Jos«, Gilmy. Salinas,
Sauta Barbara. Los Angeles 1O:OUa
GiOOp Del Monte. Monterey. Paane OroT«,
Lompoo.... H»;00a
SiHOr San Joseand Way stations t*'*°a '
all:45p San Joseand Way Stottona. ........ 7»3Oy
A for Morning. - P for Afternoon,
t Sunday ezcepted. t Snnday only,
a Saturday only. « Monday.
e Satnrday ant Bnnday. / Tnsadays and Fridays.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausallto Forry.
Commencing April 28. 1901.
FROM BAN FRANCISCO TO MILL. VAIXKT
AND SAN HAFAEU
WEEK DAYS— 6:55. 3:80. •9:30. 11:00 a. m..
12:45. *l:«. 3:15. 4:15. 6:15.-*6:15.'«:45 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and S*n
Rafael on Mondays. "Wednesdays, Saturday*
and Sundays at 9:30 and 11:40 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 7:00. 8:0?'. »9:0O «10:0O. 11:00. 1J-30
a. m.. 11:45, *l:S0. 2:30. •Z-.IS, 5:00. «:0O. 7:39 .
p. m. 11:00 a. m. does not ran to San Rafae*-
Sundays. :•>¦¦"-'
Trains marked (•> ran to San Qtxentln. J
FROM SAN RAFAEL, TO SAN FRANCISCO.!
WEEK DAYS— »5:25. 6:27, 7:47. 8:35, 10:133
a. m-. 12:25. 1:15. 2:20, t:3S. 4:40. 5:30 p. m. i-
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at (t:4S and 10:00 p. m.
SUNDAYS— «:1S, •S.OO, »:45, *ll:0O a. ra. »U
m.. 1:00. 2:15, *3J0. 4:30. •5:43. «:45. 7:30. 10:10
p. m.
TraUns marked (*) atart from San Qnentin.
FROM MILL. VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO •*
WEEK DAYS— 5:43. 6:45. 7:55. 8:53. 10:30
a. m.. 13:35. 1:45. 2:45. 3:50. 5:10, 5:20 p. rn. r r
EXTRA TRIPS on - Mondays, Wednesdays -
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— « :35. 8:00. 10:06. 11:10 a.m.. 12:15. ;
1:20. 2:3C. »:45. 8:00. «:13. 7:13, 10:30 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS. .
! «:5o a. m. week days— Cazadero and way sta*
tlons.
8:13 p. m. Saturdays— Cazadero and way sta-
tions.
6:15 p. m. week day* (Saturdays ezcepted)
Tomalea and way stations.
8 a. m. Sundays— Ctiadero and way stations
10-00 a. m. Sundays— Point Reyes and way*
stations. ! • . '..-¦ ...
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
629 KEABST SST. Established
In 1SS4 for the treatment nf PrWate .
Diseases, Lost Manhood. . Debility or
disease wearinsrnn body and mind and
Skin Diseases. The Doctorctirps'vrhpa •
others fail. Try him. chnrsn-s low.
<nrr» sru»ra.nt«-«-<<. C;itlor writ* -
Dr. J. *¦. tilUCOA. son Franclacc, Cab
,;,'. V ADVERTISEMENTS.
TELEPHONE «*if* MWfEiS
GRANT 33. g*SJ2|.§J JB
222-224 S UTTER ST.
I ' .' ¦ ¦.'¦.¦'¦¦'¦¦ ¦ V.''":~*£.
Picnic and Outing Goods, Ham-
mocks, etc., in endless variety.
Country orders solicited.
SPECIAL REDUCTIONS
MONDAY— TUESDAY— WEDNESDAY.
Eggs. - - - ' dozen 20c
Fresh and selected. Every one guar-
anteed. Regularly 22>/4c. -
Brandy, reg $1 bat > - bottle 75c
3 bottles..... ..' *2.00
Regularly H gallon : $3.00
California pure.
Kona Coffee - - xponnd 20c
¦ From Sandwich Islands.' Regularly
25c, ground or roasted, of an exception-
ally fine flavor.
Adams Springs Mineral Water- —
Dozen quarts $1.95
SSlJSftS^cs 60 qts $7.26
Cures dyspepsia and . liver complaint.
We allow $1.50 oh return of case with
empty bottles. .
Catsup -.. - - tottle 15c
I* L. & Co. 'a New Era. Regularly 20c.
Cocktails, reg $1 qt bottle 80c
Regularly 60c... ......pints 5Oc
"Sunset" Miniatures, 10c each.
Gin, Holland, reg 90c bottle 75c
Regularly $4 .• gallon V3.OO
I Imported L. L. & Co's. - v
Almond Soap, tox. of 3 cakes 25c
" Colgate's, for toilet. Re*. 33c box.
Hamamelis, qt 40c, pt 25c, «| pt 15c
For burns, wounds and bruises.
Tooth Brushes - - 30c
Kent's London. Guarantee to replace
if bristles come out. „ Reg. 40c.
Tooth Powder, Victoria bottle 20c
- . "Victoria." Listerated or plain. Reg.
25c.
Lemons - - dozen 12jc
Fanciest. Regularly 20c. .
Cigars in small convenient packages
for your valise. • ,
AMUSEMENTS.
AN ENTIRELY NEW BILL.
CLAYTON WHITE AND MARIE STUART.
PROSPER TROUPE, BIMM, BOMM, BRRR.
P. RICHARDS, LA MOYNE BROTHERS,
- INA ALLEN, .GARDNER and VINCENT,
THE BIOGRAPH, EMILY LYTTON.
CHAS. BOWSER & CO. .
Reserved seats, 25 cents; Balcony, 10 cents;
Opera chairs and box seats, 50 cents.
Matinees Wednesday, Saturday and Sunday.
A SPECIAL HOLIDAY MATINEE THURS-
DAY. FOURTH OF JULY.
*T;I'V ; O-.I-1*
,¦ ¦ •¦ >
Evenings at 8. Matinee Saturday at 2.
-"IT'S A GREAT BIG HIT!"
The New Midsummer Extravaganza,
THE BABES
tL" WOOD.
Book by Ferris Hartman. .
BUSHELS OF FUN! LOADS OF MUSIC!
Popular Prices .*. .1... 25c and BOc
Telephone — Bush 9.
GF*AND- OPERA HOUSE
Commencing THIS MONDAY EVENING.
SPECIAL HOLIDAY MATINEE JULY 4TH.
USUAL MATINEE SATURDAY and SUNDAY.
T. DANIEL. FRAWLEY PRESENTS
"THE ONLY WA Y."
Original version by Freeman Wills, by spe-
cial arrangement with Charles Frohman.
The company will be the strongest ever seen
in the play. Including. E. J. Morgan, John
Mason, Theodore Roberts and Katherlne Grey.
Same Prices— 10c, 15c, 25c, 50c, 75c.
Good Orchestra Seats all Matinees, 25c.
Branch Ticket Office, Emporium;
Commencing TO-NIGHT, SECOND WEEK.
FLORENCE ROBERTS,
Supported by WHITE WHITTLESEY.-
In Her Greatest Success,
SAPHO
SPECIAL MATINEE THURSDAY, JULY 4.
SEATS SIX DAYS IN ADVANCE.
Next— "THE SCHOOL FOR SCANDAL."
SEATS ON SALE. 77
OPEN-AIR CONTESTS
THE SAN FRANM ATHLETIC CLUB.
AFTERNOON OF JULY 4,
v - SIXTEENTH AND FOLSOM STREETS.
(Jack) MOFFATT vsTlGARDNER (Georjre)
TWENTY ROUNDS FOR MIDDLEWEIGHT
. : CHAMPIONSHIP.
(ADNEILLys.THURSTON^C 11 Dutch")
TWENTY ROUNDS FOR COAST CHAMPION-
SHIP.
Tickets for Bale at 914 Market street.
. Popular Prices, $1, %2 and $3.
FT<3f!HFR'S concert house.
rlounari d Adm i 88le)I1 io q .
CHARITY MARTIN. SIG. G. 8. WANRELL,
Anita - Fallon, . Graham and Greville Co., AI
Hazard, Ingrham, ' Viola Vignette, . Murphy and
Hart. . .
- Reserved Seats, 25c. M&tlnee Sunday.
SUTRO BATHS.
OPENNIGHTS.
Open . Daily From 7 a. m. to ' 11 p. m. *
- Bathing- From 7 a. m." to 10:30 p. m. -
ADMISSION 10c. CHILDREN 5c.
Bathing, Including Admission, 25c. Children 20c.
¦¦ . , . - ¦ ¦ -¦
WPALACE HOTEL- 1
Visitors to San Francisco who mako I
. their headquarters at these • hotels « n -
I joy comforts j and conveniences ' not • to
, be obtained elsewhere. Desirable loca-
tion, courteous attaches and nnequaled
cuisine. American and European plans.
>>GRAND^HOTELr
liipwra all kinds of fun in
llp^yV ,A every pdcKageof our
BPHJ/P& fV^fc!''- More for the
kSSI'v ' money than any
vWa&w&isr y San Fran 0 ' 80 **-"".
p^T/. '(VreMfJ'' A big bunch ofj
kb W> ' i M^ fireworks for a
KJj 1 " \,\ |T7 j^ quarter: mora
JttL^'j^Spi /T much for a half.
v'Tyj'^'/V-'"".'.*.***' : * - ¦ nove lties, •. jin-
'jHsiS Vyfo * $. eluding hew tor-
Wf^-^^^^f^ pedoes, Chinese
<^MJ%S#^?£s^ii/ guns, star
V mines; sunflow-
y'ffiwJsJ/ J . ers and electric
===^w]/'j^ spreaders.
Max LShirpsei: Prop.. • '%<¦
: St^Sanrfancisco-
ADVERTISEMENTS.
jF Happv \ .
I Drink 1
Hires I
Rootbeer I
V'lome-made health dnnlc g#J
KS A 25 cent package makes 5 f3K
m- gallons ¦ m
*#, Address jjr
CHARLES E. MIRES CO Jfff
Malvem, Pa \&r
DR. METEHS&CO.
Spscialists. Disease WSsJIf^ \
and weakness of m& $ f
men. Established SS^ *i*mt*\*f
1881. Consultation TfCW y 5gS*J' &?
and private book £ \ .
free, at office or by %** >^dv
mail. Cures guar-
anteed. 731 Mar- <5SmBgXt& '
ket street (eleva- " j ,
tor entrance). San jE N v/
Francisco. *^NJy >g y38y^
AMUSEMENTS.
£* ftfl 1 1 U E9 I A SAN FRANCISCO'S
i#U!LUIVll9lA LEADING THEATRE
SECOND WEEK. ¦
SPECIAL HOLIDAY MATINEE July 4
the big TTllTTfcTlTk
SPECTACLE j I II I 1 II
To-night and All Next I I I \| 1 I H K
we - - UIiUIjA
CHARLES *-*•¦¦¦ ** *¦¦ **
FROHMAN'S _¦¦_
colossal • 4^m
PRODUCTION. \^kW
By Arrangement with
DAVID HELASCO. SmBm
Paul M. Potter's TIT I n/N
5- Act Drama on III A I 1 I 1
Ouida's Famous Novel. I ¦ I II I V
Over 100 People, - W* B II I
blanchI bates 1 JLlilulJ
as "CIGARETTE."
BEtolSCOA"oTMAL£S_s: c pfRE?
j <i ¦, >- _jP_ molt csnr iu\u
Beginning TO-NIGHT— All THIS WEEK.
EXTRA MATINEE JULY 4 (Thursday).
REGULAR MATINEE SATURDAY AND
1 : . SUNDAY.
Special Engagement of the Great Favorite,
JAMES M. BROPHY.
Superb Production of Frank Mayo's Great Play
"Davy Crockett—
Sensational Climaxes— The Attack by Ferocious
"Wqjves, Etc., Etc. . -
pprrpc Evenings ...10c, 15o, 25c. 35c," 50c
inlVLJ Matinees.... 10c, 15c. 25c
-Next "Week— James M.'Brophy in "HELD
BY THE ENEMY." ,, .
CHUTES and ZOO
i . EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
THE GREAT LA MONTS— SPENSER KELLY.
FLATT AND SUTHERLAND,
• -•-"•• : MEMPHIS KENNEDY,
AHONSEN AND CHOATE. . -
HOPPER AND HOPPER.
NEW MOVING" PICTURES.
LUNETTE,
; > THE MAID OF THE AIR.
AMATEUR NIGHT WEDNESDAY.
GRAND FIREWORKS : DISPLAY
ON JULY4. ,
.. Telephone for Seats— Park 28. *Interest in the International Shooting Festival Which Is but a
Few Days Distant Is at Its Height— Police Department
Enters \ a Team Which Will Be a Candidate for Honors
LIPTON'S BOAT
IS CHALLENGED
Owner of the Karaid Is
Anxious to Represent
England.
Thinks His Yacht Is Faster
Than Either of the
Shamrocka
1
THRONGS OF EXPECTANT MARKSMEN
PEPPER TARGETS AT SHELL MOUND
PENNSYLVANIA
HAS A CHANCE
Bob Cook Predicts Sue-
cess for the Ameri
can* Crew.
Better Fitted for the Henley
Regatta Than All Pre
decessors.
' " ¦ • - - ¦
HENLET - ON - THE - THAMES. Jnna
30.— The Pennsylvania crew took advant
age of Sunday to enjoy a thorough rest,
the only exercise Indulged -in- being a
three-mile walk in the moratoff. All are
In first class condition.
Bob Cook, -Yale's coach, arrived last
night. To a representative of. tho Asso
ciated Press he said: "I consider tSa
P.ennaylvanians to be in better physical
condition than any other American crew
that ever reached the eve of Henley races.
They are better fitted to bring about a
victory for the Americaa.*troke than any
of the lot of men I have seen here. Their
broad blades and style of stroke lnvolva
greater force and shock to the. muscles
and system than the long body swing and
narrow blades of the British, but I think
they can stand the strain and should bava
a fair chance • with the Leanders, sup
posing they meet them in the finals.
"The Pennsylvanians also hav» tna
great advantage of having rowed to
gether. I believe, for nearly four years.
They have Improved greatly since they
have been here and perhaps Instinctively
they have adopted some of the best points
of the British stroke." ' _»t
After the Killarney trip the Pennsyl
vanians will scatter, some visiting the
Continent and others returning t0 Li na
United States on the \aderland. They
will leave for Dublin July 6. They are
very enthusiastic over the victories oc
Kraenzleln, Duffy, Coe and Baxter at the
Stamford Bridge athletic meeting yester
day and they will be greatly disappointed
if they fail to maintain their record.
EASTERN BASEBALL.
AMERICAN LEAGUE.
MIL.'WAXJKEE, June SO.— Dowllne pitched a>
•wonderful game to-day, letting his old team
mates down with but one scratch hit. Ths
fielding of both teams was excellent. The only
error by Waldron did not figure In the score.
Reldy was hit hard, but the fast fleldln* be
hind him kept tha score down. Attendance.
4500. Score: .*>- :
R. H. E.
Milwaukee • ,1 \
Cleveland 1 » .- --•
Batteries— Reldy and Maloney; Dowllsg and
Yeager.
CHICAGO, Jun* JO.— An error, followed by
three singles, cave Chicago to-day's came at
Detroit. Both pitchers were at their best. Cal
lahan's home run was the longest hit ever made,
on the grounds. Attendance, 1250. Score;
R. H. E.
Detroit i T. .1
Chicago * 5 ' *
Batteries— Cronin and Shaw; Callahaa and
Sugden. - %
PENNSYLVANIA i SYSTEM ';- of Rall
ways. Office— 30 Montgomery street *
Dr. "Wintrier Goes Free.
GRANITE FALLS. Minn.. June 30.— The
jury ¦¦in ) the . trial of . Dr. "WlntnerJ last
night returned - a. verdict -of not guilty
Dr. ; 'Wlntner, on' April; 15 last, 'shot and
killed -William Lenard, a. gambler" with
.whom -he .was playlnsr poker. Dr. ?Wint
ner . asserted '¦- :that -Lenard had cheated
and he shot him" when the , gambler re
fused to surrender the winnings.
Sues the State for Claim3.
SACRAMENTO, June 30.— Suit has been
instituted in this county against 'the State
for the recovery of $25,685 due on claims
assigned. by a number of persons to ahe
San Francisco Home and Collection Agen
cy. ' A ; similar suit by the samo ageucy
for an equally -large amount was brought
a couple of months ago- The act author
izing; the payment of the claims requires
that.-, suit •¦; be '-.brought to establish their
merit.. ¦ . . :>i.r-.~
Seat 'Causes' His Death.
, RENO;\Nev., June 30.— Last- evening A.
J. : Chalmers," a well-known • civil ] engineer,
while working in '¦ Spanish Springs^ Valley
was prostrated by the intense heat of the
sun. He died two hours afterward.^ - -
IXANAaAN IM7 TBAININO.
NEW YORK, June 30.— John. Flanagan
of the - New York Athletic Club, the"
¦world's champion sixteen-pound • hammer
thrower for a seven-foot circle, ¦ is train-
Ing at Traverse Island for the purpose of
eclipsing the record of 171 feet 2 Inches,
made by Alfred Plaw of the University
of . Calif ornia from a nine-foot circle a few
days ' aso. In order, to give Flanagan ' an
early opportunity to reclaim- the record
from the young Californian the ¦" athletic
committee of the Sixty-ninth Regiment N.
G.iN; Y. has secured the sanction of, the
A.'A. U.'to hold-an,open competition for
a sixteen-pound hammer, throw from a
nine-foot circle In conjunction with the
closing games of the regiment members,
to be held July 4 at Celtic Park, Long Is
land City.
ATJTH0BITTE3 CLASH
, „ OVEB GAMBLING LAWS
Warm Time Is ' Expected at the
Butte Racetrack ','¦
To-Day.
BUTTE, Mont., June 30.— The city and
county authorities are likely to clash to r
morrow over the betting question at the
racetrack. The city authorities areln favor
of making Butte a wide open town in spite
of the law against gambling. The. County
Attorney has Instructed all the j officers
under his" jurisdiction to enforce rigidly
the "gambling law and! has even -gone -to
the extreme of raiding places where cards
were being played for ; the drinks. . Sup-'
Doeedly at the instigation of the gamblers
the city police authorities have threatened
to stop all betting at the : racetrack ¦ and
to arrest the managers of the, track if it
is persisted in. ~ ; _V " . i\j'
The races began : on Saturday ajid the
racetrack authorities, knowing the police
to be unfriendly, made ¦ all ¦ the , police of
ficials pay to get in. This, of course, has
intensified the trouble. ! While "no i- at
tempt - was made . to ¦ stop ; the .betting on
Saturday, it Is . said.' the > police will as
sume to exercise jurisdiction on Monday.
The County Attorney claims the ; police
have no authority at the racetrack, which
it outside*- the city limits,* and has told -the
racetrack people that if .the-pollce attempt
to interfere their Special ) Deputy Sheriffs
are to arrest the policemen and put •them
In the County Jail;- Unless .the police re
cede from their position there is likely to
be ¦ livel ytlmes at . the . racetrack to-mor
row. '"¦"'- '.'¦¦ .'• ¦-'.>:¦"¦;¦¦--. vvf-, •.;":¦.-•"; -.-¦--..¦>.•
Handball Contests.
The tournament games of the San Fran
cisco Handball Club that were completed
yesterday are as follows: Third class—
W. Minehan 51. G. B. Hayward 44. M.
Levy, .18 handicap, 51; W. Minehan 39.
This game gave Levy the third class
championship.
First and second classes were not played
off.
The regular four-handed games re
sulted:
M. McDonald and H. Racoulllet.21 18 21 21 21
M. McNeil and G.~ McDonald — 13 21 19 17 12
WV Williams and J. Lawless.... 21 H 21 16 21
D. Connelly and M. Joyce 20 21 18 21 19
M. Dillon and E. Maloney '. 21 21 21
J.- Feeney and D. Grlffln 17 13 12
G. Green and F. Smith 21 18 21
W. Johnson and J. Glynn ...19 21 13
J. McGlnty and C. Larkln \Ji\ 21 21
M." Klrby and J. McBrearty ....13 17 19
J." Finn and P. Farrell ...21 18 21 13 21
J. Madden and M. McNeeley ....16 21 12 21 14
T. Serrea and J. Broyer.: 21 2-1 15 18^21
R. Hausmaa and E. White...... 17 11 21 21 13
P. Foley and C. Larkln ....".... 21 is a
J. J. Kavanaugh and Eugene "White.... 17 21 js
J. White and J. Harlow 21 21" 18 18
W. Magulre and T. Leach ...17 14 21 '21
WISCONSIN IS PICKED
AS'PBIME FAVOBITE
All Beady for the College Boat
Races at Fough
keepsie.
POUGHKEEPSIE,:N. Y., June 30.— The
varsity race: Wisconsin first, Cornell
second, i Columbia third, with Pennsyl
vania, Syracuse and Georgetown fighting
for. foruth place."' The freshmen race: Cor
nell first, Columbia second, Pennsylvania
third and Syracuse fourth. The four-oar
ed race : Pennsylvania first, ; Columbia
second, Cornell third. These are) the re
sults as" predicted by those who are rtc
ognized as, or alleged to be, experts in
aquatics. ¦ -^
Many of the men who have watched the
crews train and who believe that they
know something^ of the relative. capaclty
of : each • will ¦- not acquiesce in these
selections. The Judgment as to Wisconsin
winning:, the varsity race comes from an
excellent source, and after those pro
nouncing -such judgment had seen the
crew on the river, last night.' This was the
practice of which O'Dea.saldhe was. not
proud; but the knowing ones winked and
called atention to the fact that last y»ar
rfcbodyvknew of -the splendid 'ability of
Wisconsin's crew while its coach was
continually .bemoaning the fact that his
men were not In perfect shape.
v No matter what the critics may say or
how winners may be picked for the next
forty-eight hours, the fact remains that
this varsity race will be one of the most
picturesquely exciting ever seen In college
aquatics. There is no heavy betting on
any of the crews mentioned for. first placo
and where there ; is : betting,' no " odds ar»
offered.. It Is expected that for two miles
it will be the hardest kind ¦ of: a fight
Then, judging; from the present condition
of the crews and ; barring accidents and
substitutions , : 1 1 • is thought - that . Wiscon
sin, Cornell and Columbia will draw aw ¦•y
from, the others and, fight it out for first
second and third place, t
EBITTSH CBICKETEItS
BEAT YOUNG AMEBICA
Old England's Bowlers and Batsmen
Prove Too Strong for the
Native Talent. /^;
Young Amer'oa was crushlngly defeat
ed Jay Old England yesterday on the
cricket ground at Webster street, Ala
meda, losing the match by an inning and
36 runs.- The Old -England team went to
the wickets first, Coles and Myers being
the batsmen. The former was caught; off
Croll for nothing, and E. G. Sloman made
but one run. A. W. Wilding 21 (not out),
A. G. Sheath 71. John Myers 20 and F.
Bennlon 16 made nearly all the runs, the
other seven batsmen scoring only six runs
among them. The inning closed for 97
runB. For Young America B. Bird, W.
G. Fortman and F. J. Croll captured
three wickets apiece.
Casldy and Coles wrought great havoc
among Young America's batsmen, B. Bird
being top ' scorer with eight runs. Croll
scored seven, Stahl six, and the Inning
closed with 29 runs, Casldy ' having cap
tured six wickets and Coles four, and the
last seven batsmen having added only
seven to the score. • ' " - ¦
Young America followed on, but with
one man short succeeded in compiling
only 31, or a total of 60 for the two in
nings, leaving them losers by an- inning
and 36 runs. F. Croll made 10, .W. G. I Fort
mann 8 and J. Guild 7 (not out). ' Coles
took four wickets and Casldy captured
three. The fourth wicket fell for 22 runs,
the rest adding - only nine runs to the
score. The Old England team was con
sidered a somewhat weak one, : none of
the Alameda batsmen being Included In
it. The Fourth is an open day. among the
cricketers. •
President Shaffer Will To-Day
Call Out the Hoop Com
pany's Workmen.
> . . . ,
PITTSBURG, Pa., June 30.— President
T. J. Shaffer of the Amalgamated Associ
ation of Iron. Steel and Tin Workers, will
to-morrow morning Issue an order calling
but all union employes of the various
mills of the American Steel Hoop Com
pany, known as the Hoop Trust. It is
estimated that 15,000 meii will be subject
to the-call, which, In connection with the
big strike of the American Sheet Steel
Company ordered by President Shaffer on
Saturday, will affect 50,000 men. Presi
dent Shaffer said to-night:
"The open mills to be notified are one
at Hollidaysburg, Pa., three at Pittsburg
and one at Morrison. The organized mills
which will -close on our call are the Up
per and Lower mills at Youngstown, O.;
Pomeroy, O:; Sharon, Pa.; Girardvllle,
Pa.; Warren, Pa.; Greenville, Pa. This,
I believe, will bring the number of men
affected up to 50,000. It Is a matter of re
gret, but it looks as though there will be
a fight to the death. We have funds and
will use them. If there has to be a strike
we will make It one to be remembered.
The officials now dealing with us have
but little idea of the extent to which this
strike will go once It is on."
¦ m
Outing Camp for Strikers.
CINCINNATI, June 30.— The project of
an outing, camp for the striking machin
ists .will be carried out this week. To
morrow tents and other shelters will be
put up- in Myers Grove, in the outskirts
of Dayton, where a place has been fee
cured for the use of the men for the next
few weeks as a means of lightening the
expense of maintaining the strikers ns
well as to keep the men altogether. The
camp will be thoroughly organized and
equipped.
Woodworkers to "Walk Out.
CHICAGO, June 30.— Woodworkers to
the number of 3000 employed in the manu
facture of bar, store and office fixtures In
Chicago will be called out on strike Tues
day. The-present agreement of the union
men . with . the manufacturers expires to
morrow. A counter proposition from the
manufacturers was rejected to-day by the
union.' ¦•:¦¦
Non-TJnion Men Beaten.
: KNOXVILLE, ' Tenn., June 30.— Three
employes of the Southern Railroad shops
at this place who took the places of strik
ing machinists were enticed' out of the
city; limits last night and badly beaten.
One of the Injured men is In a dangerous
condition. • •¦•>¦ ;;v ; :-
FIFTY THOUSAND
MEN AFFECTED
Strike of Steel Trust Em
ployes Is Rapidly
Spreading.
SYLVESTER .MAKES THE
ONLY CLEAN SCORE
Regular Monthly Shoot of the Union j
Gun - Club '' Held at
Ingleside.
The "Union Gun Club's regular, monthly
live bird shoot wa3 held yesterday at the
Ingleside bulkheads.' Notwithstanding the
small attendance, excellent sport was en
joyed. . The birds were an exceptionally
strong lot and that in a measure accounts
for the fact that in the club race^ but one
clean score was made. The honor of ac
complishing that fell to the lot of Syl
vester. F. Feudner was unfortunate in
missing his first bird, otherwise he also
would have had a straight score to his
credit. zCrifiii
At the next regular monthly shoot of
the Union Gun Club the medals will be
distributed to those marksmen who dur
ing the season succeeded in making the
highest averages. ? ,
Union Gun Club's regular monthly club shoot,
twelve birdB to each man. Scores:
Hovt «. '. 12 0 0 12 12 2 110—9
King ..*. 2 211002211»2-9
Sylvester 1 1111111112 1-12
Shaw 2 22»22022220— 9
Cuthbert • 20102020100—5
Walsh . — I 11211111*1 0-10
Burnell 1 1112 11112* 1-11
Robertson ..; ...2 121210J121 1-11
F Feudner 0 1222222121 2—11
Jones...... 1 01002211112—9.
Cooper 1 10*1211222 2-lJ
Iversoa ...0 2 1022222*2 0—8
Thomas 2 12212011200-9
Lewis .. .2 2020010000 0-4
"Mascot" ,.- 2 1011211221 0-10
First special * event, pool shoot, with six
birds to each man. Scores:
Hoyt • 11 2 2 2 2-6
Kill 2 2 2 • 2 1-5
£haw 2 2 2 2 2 2-6
waiTh V.... • ••! 2,1 1 1 1-6
iJ^Is 2 0 0 2 0 0-2
Thomas";... -V. r .. 0 2:1 0 2 2-4
Second special event, pool shoot, with six
birds to each man. Scores:
F. Feudner ••..• J 1 } 2 J?Jt*
Cuthbert J 1 11 n \ii
Iverson £~£54 \ \ 2 ? |l?
Burnell —\ \ \ * I ?Zs
Robinson 2 H
Jones ........V f 2 0 1 2— t
Third special event, six-bird pool. Scores:
-rv-ish .1 1 2 1 2 2— «
F ' FMidner ° 2 x a 2 1 ~ 5
byivesier •••• ., ,. fl , ,_.
Lewfs .:::::::........- ..•« <> <> « i *-*
Fourth special event, slx-blrd pool. Scores:
iyi^Bt«- • .....•..••0.1 |i:}.;w
SewT •••::::::::::::::::::."V";.5 5 11 lt\
Fort [:::::.::... • 2 2*121-5
•Bird dead out of bounds. ¦
In the above pools the high guns divided the
purses.
fip-ri-^HERE was greater attendance at
¦ I,, the Shell Mound ranges yesterday
I than ever before in the history
li. of the park. . The International
festival ¦ Is less than two weeks
distant, S and enthusiasm is . at its
height. The police ¦ department . has en
tered a- team for the bund shoot, and the
first practice was held' yesterday under
the supervision of Captain Wittman: and
Sergeant Helms. .-• The "finest" made ex
cellent scores and will prove formidable
aspirants for some of the prizes.
Gunner Henry Harris of the Naval
Militia shot a string of fifty with the navy
revolver, eclipsing all > records of his or
ganization., He made ten straight bulls
eyes, followed by scores of 49, 49, 48 and 47.
D. B. Faktor, who is' exDect«>d to win
some of. the leading prizes in the coming?
shoot, won three medals yesterday In the
monthly medal shoot of the San Francis
co Schuetzen Vereln.
•The other clubs present were the Ger
manla Schuetzen Club. Norddeutscher
Schuetzen Club, Swiss Rifles^Golden Gate
Rifle and Pistol Club, Nationals, Battery
D, First Artillery, N. G. C.;" Independent
Stelling 404: third class. Dr. F. H. Cranz 400;
fourth class, J. Beuttler 369; best first shot, D.
B. Faktor 25; best last shot, D. B. Faktor 25.
¦ Norddeutscher Schuetzen Club, monthly bulls
eye shoot: R. Stettin 303, F. Rathjens 345, F.
P. Schuster 424, L. N. Ritzau 425, A. Hohmann
575, J. Gefken 668, Captain J. Thode 752, W.
Gllndemann 796, J. D. Helse 873, H. Meyer 912,
A. Mocker 990, H. Huber 999. O. Lemcke 13.
Nationals— A. S. Hatfield 44, C. F. Waltham
45, W. S. Grattan 45, J. W. Cobby 4?. C. E.
Goodell 42, S. H. Stewart 41, A. H. Kennedy
41. F. F. Carson 44, W. D. Grant 44, H. J.
Musgrave 42, J. F. Norton 43, W. McQulddy
4t, L. W. Grant 42, C. E. Thompson 39, -Chris
Meyer 46. W. F. Unfred 41. I
Company G, First Infantry, National Guard
of California — Lieutenant Neubert 36, Sergeant
Noyes.37, A. Spellman 38. Sergeant Owens 33,
B. Stedman 40, Captain Wall 35, L. M. Isaacs
29, Sergeant Prideaux 33, H. Lage 31. A. F.
Lage 20, J. Ayhens 35, F. W." Yaeger 13, W.
Daley -28.
Company ' C, First Infantry, National Guard
of California— Captain F. K. Moore 4rt, Lieu
tenant W. B. Corcoran 43. Serpeant H. Stolz
enwald 33 Sergeant C. Son 33, Corporal C.
Maasberg 32, L. Connolly 32, J. 11. Feutren 36,
J Gagan-34. W. E. Hayes 31. J. Kallman 39.
L. Lemeteyer 31, B. F. Moore 29, F. Stolzen
wald 31.
Battery D, First Artillery— J. F. Utschlg 46,
T T. Cunningham 43. F. N. Burton 35, E. P.
Jacobson 43, W. A. Thomson 43, P. Badt 42,
A. R Farless 40. E. L. Green 32, W. Gelde 2P.
Independent Rifles, monthly medal" shoot— J.
H Kuhlke 38, P. Schoenlg 43. F. H. Schmidt
23. C Kornbeck 35, B. Hilken 37. H. Gaetjen
38, Captain L. Schneider 33, H. Marzoft 36.
BETTER-CARRIERS ENJOY
DAY AT ) SCHXTETZEN" PARK
Nearly 3000 People Attend the Mail-
Delivery Men's Annual*
Gathering. sf^v
The San Francisco Letter Carriers' Mu
tual Aid Association held its annual pic
nic at Schuetzen Park yesterday. Nearly
3000 people attended and enjoyed the
music, dancing and games. The fact that
the day was warm did not deter the mer
ry postmen and their friends from en
joying themselves to the fullest , extent.
The committees to whom are mostly due
the success of the outing: were made up
as follows: j 1
Arrangements— G.W. Splller, C. McAullffe, R.
I>. Barton, T. B. Mahony, I. Holz, J. H. Smith,
W. H. Murphy, J. C. Murphy, C. Seeburt, W.
J. Phelan. H. M. Locke, L. E. Boiveri. .
Floor— J. Mulhern. J. E. Haedrlek, C. Kehoe,
H. F. Logan. E.- Zlska, T. Mclntyre, P. J.
Whalen, O. Lowenfeld, J. S. Sullivan, B. F.
Ames. C. Webb, E. F. Buttle, L. C. Norstrom,
.T. I. Hogan, P. L Bulkley, F. Code, W. Houli
han, J.-H. Kingston, S. Henry, H. C. de Lan
dresse and R. D. Cunningham.
The races occasioned much Interest and
proved that the agile letter carriers can
also sprint on holidays. The results were
as follows:
Open to all— Artie Jellnskl; second, 'Frank
Wilson.
Boys under 14 years — George Robinson, Joseph
Eazan.
Girls under 14 years— Irene Ritchie, Ethel
Doyle. »
Marriageable young ladles— Miss Josle John
son, Miss Alice Furman.
Single men's , race— Joseph Sullivan, Frank
Hayes. . , ¦ • . .
Married ladles' race— Mrs. Burns, Mrs. H. E
Kelly.
Fat men's race— Frank Hass, H. S. Lee.-.".
Old men's race, over 50 years — Frank Haas, H.
S. Lee.
Letter-carriers' race— Charles M. Brown, Fred
erick Stanley. " -_- - .: .
Postofflce clerks' race— J. Larkey, C. Bevens.
Boys under 10 years— A. Leibscher, ' A. Am
tuster.
Girls under 10 years— Helen Hayes, Sadie
Brennan. . .
One-legged race— Harry McCann. Ray Locke.
Three-legged race— J. Dlckson and H. Lund;
R. D. Barton and F. Terrlll. -
Special race— L. I. Marks, Ray Locke.
Rifles, and Companies G and C, First In
fantry, N. G. C. .
The scores were as follows:
San Francisco Police Department— F. A. At
chlson 44. W. H. Burkholder 42, D. Baxter 43,
Smith Carr 47, C. Fannell 45, W. W. Wilson 44,
Harry Hook 42, J. B. Cavanaugh 45, R. Ing
ham 46. W. Proll 39.
Swiss Rifle Club, monthly bullseye • shoot.
Prizes were won In the following order: F.
Vautler, A. Gehret. J. Leeman, . F. Baumgarten,
P. Croce, E. Bacala. C. Bachman, A. Van Wyl.
A. Monottl.^A. Studer, A. Furrer, J. Scheible,
F. Suter, A. Huguenln E. Suter Jr., B. La
Croix, R. Hauser. H. K. Chollet, A. Grandjean,
G. Orsl.
Swiss Bills Club, monthly medal shoot —
Champion class— A. Gehret 433, A. Von Wyl
406. First class— A. Studer 404, -R. Hauser . 393,
J. Scheible 369, 6. Orsl 369.. Second class— P.
Croce 336, A. Monotti 355. Third class — C. Bach
man 325. J. Furrer 302, E. Bacala 297. B. La
Crolx 286, E. Suter 287. II. E. Chollet 255.
Germanla Schuetzen Club, monthly medal
Bhoot: ¦ First champion class, F. P. Schuster
233, 214; second champion class, C. Thierbach
203; first class, H. Stelllngr 21], 200; second class,
L. N. Rltzau 210, 204; third class, V. Doell 217,
1S5; best first shot. F. P. Schuster 25; best last
shot, F. P. Schuster 25.
Golden Gate Rifle and Pistol Club, rifle:
Handicap— Dr. L. Rodgers 224; O. Bremer 200;
F. E. Mason 223, 224, 227; A. B. V>orrell 217; D.
B. Faktor 225. Gold medal— J. Kullmann 209,
201. 199; M. F. Blasse 202.
San Francisco Schuetzen Vereln, monthly
bullseye shoot: Champion class, D. B. Faktor
451; first class. R. Stettin 412; second class.^H.
SOME WELL-KNOWN SHOOTERS WHO PRACTICED YESTERDAY AT THE
RANGE OF SHELL' MOUND PARK. NEVER BEFORE WAS SUCH A GEN
ERAL INTEREST MANIFESTED IN A NATIONAL BUND FESTIVAL. •
STANDING OF THE TEAMS. , - ,';•
Clubs— .-•• - • "^ ¦ Won. Lost.' Per C.
Ban Francisco ...34- 25 .576
Los Angeles 29 ' 25 - .537
Sacramento ;...... 26 30 .464
Oakland.. Si S4 .424
San Francisco 1, Sacramento 0.
When Henry Harris won the game at
Recreation grounds -yesterday afternoon
his team established .a record.- Five-con
secutive : victories over the Senators is
eomething for the local nine to be proud
of, and more; than that,, the series was
specially interesting from the point of
view of good baseball. The climax came
yesterday. In the morning the Senators
were defeated bj' a score of 2 to 0. The
arternoon game read 1 to 0.
Two men achieved fame In the Recre
ation Park game— Rube Levy and Jimmie
Whaleiu Rube is now a full-fledged league
umpire pnd his introduction took place yes
terday. Xot one of his decisions was ques
tioned by the crowd or players. "Whalen
was in the best of form and he proved too
much of a riddle for the Senators to solve.
Three isolated hits ' were secured off
Whalen's delivery and that was all.
The only run of-the game was scored in
the seventh, and a couple of two-base hits
did the trick. .Nordyke reached second
on a long rap to right field and J. Rellly
sent him over the rubber by a similarly
successful double. r
At times Sacramento came within scor
ing distance, but Whalen always steadied
at the right moment and it was grood-by
to run making by the Senatorial com
pany. The score:
SAN FRANCISCO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
CrolL e. f 2 0 0 0 2 0 0
Hildebrand, I. f 3 0 1 0 1 0 0
Sch^rartz. 2b.v....... 4 0 '0' -0*""0 "3 1
Pabst, lb 4 0 3 0 11 0 0
Krug. s. S../........-4- 0 0 0 4 4" 0
Nordvkt. r. f A- 11 0 S 0^0
J. Rellly, Sb 4 0 1 0 2. 1- 0
Graham, c 3 0 2 0 4 00
WhaJen. p 4 0 1 .0 0 1 "0
Totals ............32 IS 0 .27 9 ' 1
SACRAMENTO. -
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Devereaux. s. e 3 0 0 0 16 2
McLaughlin. L f.... 4 0 0 0 0 1 0
Courtney. 2b.. ...%... S 0 0 0 2 2 0
Doyle, r. f 4 0 0.0 1 0 0
McGucken. c f...... 4 0 1 0 2 0 * «
Hanlon. lb...: ...4 0 2 0 10 0 0
Stanley, c .". 2 0 0 0 8-10
Sheehan, 3b 3 0 0 0 3 3 0
Strlrklett, p 2 0 0 0 0 1 0
Totals 30 0 3 0 27 13 2
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Ban Francisco '....0 0 0 0 0 0 1 0 0—1
Bar* hits 1 0 1 0 1 1 2 2 'l— 9
Eacramento 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 — 0
Base hits 0 0 10 0 0 10 1—3
SUMMARY.
Run reKDonsible for— Stricklett Two-base
hits— Pabst, Nordyke. J. Reilly. HUdebrand.
Sacrifice hlt« — Hildebrand. Stanley. First base
on errors — S«n FYandsco 2, Sacramento 1. First
base on called balls— San Francisco 2. Sacra
mento 3. Le*t on bases— San Francisco 7.
Sacramento 7. Struck • out— By Whalen 4. by
Stricklett 7. Double play— Schwartz to Krug
Passed ball— Graham. -Wild pitch—
tetrScdflett. Time of game— 1:48. Umpire— Rube
Levy. Official s sorer— McFariln.
MORNING GAME.
San Francisco 2, Sacramento 0.
Iburg was the hero of the morning game
at the Oakland grounds. The Senators
ebow. three hits to. their credit and these
were made in the first three innings. After
that Iburg was not to be found. •
Shea was in the box for Sacramento and
he too pitched good ball. The game was
the speediest of the season, being finished
in one, two, three order. The score:
SAN FRANCISCO. -* '-,
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Croll. c f. ........... 3000200
HJMfcbrand, 1. f 3 10 0 10 0
Schwartz. 2b 4 0 2 0 2 3 0
Pabet, lb 2 0 0 0 15 1 0
Krug, a. s 4 0 1 0.1 6 1
Xordyke. r. f 3 1 1 1 3 0 0
J. Rellly, 3b 4 0 1 0 1 4 0
Graham, c 3 0 0 0 2 10
Iburg, p 2 0 10 0 3 0
Totals 29 2 « 1 27 18 ~1
SACRAMENTO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E
Devereauz, s. s 4 0 10 14 0
McL&ughlln. 1. f 3 0 0 1 3 0 <i
Courtney, 2b 4 0 0 0 1 6 0
Doyle, r. f 3 0 0 0 1 0 0
McGucken. c f 3 0 0 0 3 0 0
Hanlon. lb 3 0 1 0 15 0 0
•Stanley, c 3 0 0 0 3 0 0
Sheehan, 3b 3 0 10 0 3 0
Shea, p 3 0 0 0 0 3 0
Totals 29 0 S 1 21 11 "j
' RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
San Francisco 0 1 1 0 0 0 0 0 0—2
Base hits .'. 0 1 1 0 1 1 1 1 0—6
Eacramento 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0—0
Base hits 1 110 0 0 0 0 0—3
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible for — Shea 2. Two-base hit
Hanlon.' Sacrifice hits— Graham, Pabst. First
base on errors— Sacramento 1. First base on
called balls — San Francisco 3, Sacramento L
Left. on bases— San Francisco 6. Sacramento 2.
£>rack out— By Iburg 2, by Shea 2. Hit by
ifltcher— CrolI. Double play— Sheehan to Court
ney to Healon. Wild pitches— Shea 2. JXimt of
grame— 1. hour, 20 minutes. Umpire— Rube Levy
Official «eorer— H. S. McFariln.
I/O s Angeles Wins.
LOS ANGELES, June 30.— Los Angeles
slaughtered Babbitt this afternoon both
before and after he split a finger stopping
a* hot .grounder. Score: .V» ( i
'. ¦,' LOS ANGELES. \?
~ „ *?- R- BH. SB. PO. A. E.
BrockhoS. r. f 6 l i o t o o
Reits. 2b * 1 » 1 4 2 0
Householder, c f... 4 2 2 0 J j o
Spies, c 5 1 2 0 J o 0
Decker, lb ~ 4 0 0 0 8 0 0
Rellly. 3b 4-J 2 0 1 2 ' I
Kelly. •.•—- * J 8 1 6 4 0
Bowman. 1. f 4 110 10 0
Jones, p _? J 10 0 4 ,1
Totals » 11 14 1 i? u 1
OAKLAND.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. B
Dunleavy, lb * r. f. 4 0 0 0 10 1 l
Drennan. c. f 4 0 0 0 2 0 1
fitrelb. 1. f 4 0 2 0 1 0 l
Francks, s. ¦¦ 4 0 0 0 l 4 0
Arrellane*. 2b 4 1 8 0 1 1 0
Mansrerlna, r. f 0 0 0 0 1 0 1
Johnson, lb 2 0 0 0 6 0 0
Lohman. c 4 0 2 0 0 0 0
Moore. 3b 2 0 0 0 14 0
Babbitt, p * 0 00 1 8.-0
. Totals 31\.l « 0 J4 « "4
- RUNS AXD HITS BY INNINGS.
Los Angeles 14 3 2 0 10 0 •— 11
Bate hits 25220111 •— 14
Oakland 0 10000000—1
.Base hits 1 10100111—6
SUMMARY.
-Earned runs— Oakland 1, Los Angeles 7.
Three-base, hits — Kelly. Jones. , Householder.
Two-base hits — Householder. Spies 2, Rellly 2
Reltz. ; Brockhoff. Lohman. Arrellanes. Sacri
fice nits— Manperina, Householder. . First base
on errors— Oakland 1. Los Angeles 2. First
bs.se on called balls— Oft Jones 2. Left on bases
—Los ¦ Angeles 3. Oakland ?. Struck out — By
Jones J.- Hit by pitcher 1 — Johnson. Double
play* — Dunleavy to Moore; Rellly. to ¦ Reitz;
Relti to Kelly to Decker; Householder to
Kelly. Time of game— 1:40. Umpire— Graves.
Other Baseball Games.
HOLLISTER. June 30.-Hollister defeat
ed the Reliance of Oakland to-day by a
score of 14 to 7.
.SANTA CRUZ. June 30.— The baseball
game to-day, between Santa Crua and
Salinas was won by the latter by a score
of 7 to 6.
SACRAMENTO. June 30.— The Klmball
and Upsom team of the Northern Califor
nia League to-day defeated the Orovilles
by a score of 13 to 5. Pitt, for. the home
team, pitched a fine game and was a puz
zle for the OrovlJIe people. Miller, for
the visitors, pitched . good ball, , but his
field ira* full of holea.
Games at Oakland and Rec
reation Grounds Full
of Ginger.
Establish a Record for
Unbroken Series of
Victories. :
FIVE STRAIGHT
FOR THE WASPS
CONSTITUTION' WILL
RACE T H H COLUMBIA
Beginning of an Interesting Compe
tition to Test Comparative
'; Spsed Values.
NEWPORT, R. I.,' June 30.— The yacht-
Ing season for the big 90-footers and also
the first of the tuning-up races of the In
tended cup defender Constitution will be
gin to-morrow with a thirty-mile race be
tween the new Herreshoff production and
the champion of '99, the Columbia. The
start will be made at 11 o'clock. A large
fleet of yachts are clustered about the
racers and will so out for the sport to
morrow. That the race will be an inter
esting one Is acknowledged on every hand,
for while Mr. Herreshoff has undoubtedly
made many improvements in the Consti
tution, the great speed and all around
ability of the Columbia makes her still' a
great favorite among many who saw her
work In this port two weeks ago and her
superiority over the Shamrock in the cup
races. Another element of interest is the
rivalry between Captain Rhoades of the
Constitution and Captain Barr of the Co
lumbia. '.---._
The start will be made at Brenton Reef
lightship, two miles off Batemans Point,
and can be seen from shore. It is thought
the course to-morrow will be thirty miles
to the windward or leeward. The com
mittee, however, have the option of or
dering the yachts over a triangular course
ten miles on a side. The race to-morrow
and that of Wednesday will be under the
auspices of the New York Yacht Club.
Independence All Right.
LONDON, Conn., June 30.— That the In
dependence is possessed of great capabili
ties was shown to-day in her run from
Vineyard Haven to New London, a dis
tance of seventy-five miles, in exactly 18
hours. The first twenty miles was a dead
beat down Vineyard Sound, but the re
maining fifty-five miles were made in two
long hitches and a short one, the yacht
sailing nearly the entire distance under
three lower sails and working topsail.
The sea was comparatively smooth, ex
cept from Gayhead to Point Judith, but
the yacht met heavy rollers between these
two points very easily, showing but little
tendency to pound and thrash. The wind
averaged about ten knots. The yacht
made a long board into Narragansett
Pier, passing within a few miles of New
port.
The Meteor Wins Yacht Race.
TRAVEMUND, June 30.— The Meteor,
with Emperor William on board, won to
day's yacht race In Lubeck Bay.
ROTHESAY, June 30.— A development
as Interesting as it was -, entirely unex
pected, has occurred concerning the chal
lenger for the America's cup. This is due
to the action of Kenneth M. Clark, owner
of the cutter Karaid. Mr. Clark has had
three opportunities of racing the Karaid
against the Shamrock I and he has wit
nessed all the trials of the two Shamrocks
since the challenger was refitted. His ob
servations have led him to doubt seriously
whether the Shamrock II Is good enough
to send to American waters in challenge
for the cup. He has a belief amounting
to a conviction that the Karaid is a bet
ter boat, length for length, than the
Shamrock II, and' he desires to see this
question | settled - before any yacht goes
out as a challenger.
When interviewed to-day by a repre
sentative of j the Associated Press Mr.
Clark said he had no desire whatever to
push himself forward in the matter and
had hoped to have an opportunity for re
solving his doubts quietly in the ordinary
races in which he expected the two Sham
rocks to take part. - • "
"It now appears, however," said Mr.
Clark, "that the challenger will only be
tried against the Shamrock I. Even if
both sailed to win the result would only
show which of the two excelled and would
give no real proof as to whether either is
the best boat we have available. The con
test is an international affair In the fullest
sense of the word and for the credit of
British yachting and the good of sport it
is desirable that the British side of the
contest should be upheld by the best
available boat.
"I believe the Karaid Is faster than
either the Shamrocks. I may be wrong,
but that Is my opinion and I- believe J
have excellent reason for holding it. I
desire an opportunity to enter the Karaid
In the trials. If^thls request is not grant
ed I shall challenge Sir Thomas Llpton to
trial races between the Shamrock II and
the ¦ Karaid, to be over courses similar
to the course for the America's cup and
on the American measurement in order to
decide which should be sent as the chal
lenger."
When asked whether the Karaid was
eligible and whether he would carry the
challenge if the Karaid should prove. the
faster, Mr. Clark said he had no desire
to go to the United States, but if it should
prove that Great Britain had a better
chance of success through his boat he was
prepared to carry the challenge through.
As far as the eligibility of the Karaid was
concerned he said he understood there
would be no serious difficulty, as the
Royal Ulster Yacht Club had lodged the
challenge on behalf of a cutter under
ninety feet water line and he was a mem
ber of the club and his boat answered the
description.
"If Sir Thomas Llpton has the best
boat," Mr. Clark concluded, "I shall be
delighted to stand aside. My only desire
is to insure the securing of the fastest
British yacht and this cannot be secured
beyond question without a trial."
.Mr. Clark, who is chairman of J. P.
Coates (limited) has owned many steam
yachts, but the Karaid is his first big
racing cutter. She was built last year
after "Watson's designs by the Hender
sons. ,. -*;
Mayflower and her son, Game Boy, car
ried - ; off ; first honors in their, respective
stakes yesterday at Union Coursing Park.
Mayflower beat . Sweet Emina, ¦ Tyrone
Prince, Castaway, Buck, Agamemnon and
Honor Bright in turnl Against Tyrone
she was 5. to 3 short end, -but -was. held
favorite over the others.
Game Boy had the'speed and showed the
way to ali his opponents.- In three of his
four courses . the youngster • was < played
at the small figure in the betting:. For
Glory was sold favorite over him at 2. to
1, but was beaten by a point. Then LJt
tle Sister, always a good one, tried him
out and though she too was a z to 1 choice
Game Boy got the nag. without allowing
her to score. In the nnal JJewdrojt was
picked to take the. honors and the talent,
gave cdds of 5 to 3 that he could outpoint
trie 'Boy. Dewdrop made an undecided of
it and in the run off took second place '
in the stake, scoring 5 to Game Boy's 10.
The winner's- -worn • througnout was of
high, order and certainly showed the
youngster's breeding.
Dewdrop in making second place ' met
some crack flyers and until he was defeat
ed in the nnal not one of them could get
a point from him. Luxor, 2 to 1 favorite
for the course, was beaten 2 to 0 In the
nrst. Warship, 4 to 0, and Hector, stake
favorite and 2 to 1 choice for the course,
followed, score i to 0. ¦
Fine Fire secured third money and was
only beaten by a point by Game Boy for
the right to contest in the final.
"It's an easy game to beat, but send
more money." was the story of the talent
long before the sport was over. Both
etaKes furnished twenty-seven upsets that
•put the pikers on even terms with the
ones of wisdom. In the first round of
the champion event Rector as favorite
won his bye. From that point until the
round closed not a favorite showed, the
seven short ends getting their flags with
out a break.
Honor Bright ran well and reached sec
ond place in the Keserve stake. She beat
Ever Sure. Bonnie Pasha and Golden Rus
set in a bye on the short end at 5 to 3 in
each event. King Cotton and Agamem
non made their way to the semi-finals.
Ihe former beat the stake favorite. War
Eagle, in the fifth round.
Following- are the day's results, with
Judge John Grace's official scores:
• Beserve stake, second round— J. P.- Thrift's
Tyrone Prince beat J. Smith's Master Work
man, 3-1; Star Kennels' Mayflower beat 13. ¦ M
Kelloge's Sweet Emma, 4-1; - P. - M Curtis'
Shadow beat P. Doyle's Liberator, 3-1; Rus
sell &. Allen's Castaway beat George Shar
man's Chicago Boy, 3-2; A. It. Curtis' Can
¦Jelaria beat J. Dempsey's Jingle Bells -2-0- 13
M. Kellogff's Buck beat Russell & Allen's First
Foot. 4-t); E. M. Kellogg's Frisco Lad beat
P. M. Curtis' Vagrant. 4-o; R. B. Kay's Hawk
er beat A. R. Curtis' Loyal . Lad, 2-0; C. O.
Peterson's Silver Cloud beat George Sharman's
Black flush, 2-0; Pasha Kennels' Rocker beat
F. A. McComb's Hot Haste, 5-1; Sterl &
Knowles' Ripple beat Pasha Kennels' Master
Rocket. 4-3; T. J. Mclnerney's Norah beat J.
Seggerson's Algie McDonald, 7-5;'Aeneid Ken
nels' Agamemnon beat Pasha Kennels' RoyaJ
Anne. 3-0; A. R. Curtis' Vulcan beat Pasha
Kennels'. Lawrence, 3-1; P. 11. Curtis' Echo'
beat P. A. McComb's Motto, 3-2; P. M. Cur
tis' War Eagle beat P. J. Rellly's Royal Union -
3-2; D. Toland's Pleasant Girl beatj. Mark
land's The Grafter, 3-O; Russell & Allen's Talk
to Me beat Pasba '. Kennels i May Hempstead, •
5-2; Star Kennels' Herechel's Pride beat P. M.-
Curtis' Narcissus, 4-0; F. A. McComb's .Royal
Flush beat Russell & Allen's Daisy Clair, 6-0;
J. Cane's Greenball beat P.* Jackson's Golden
Russet, 6-4; E. Geary's Bonnie Pasha beat-
Sterl & Knowles' Freeze Out, 6-4; P. Jackson's.
Honor Bright beat H. Lynch's Lilac/ 6-5;- D.
Cahill's Ever Sure . beat A. R. Curtis' Lord
Btaconsfleld. 2-0; Captain Clarkson's Flower
of Gold beat P. Doyle's Thelma, 3-2; Pasha
Kernels' Round About beat J. Kavanagh's
Swedish, 6-5; A. R. Curtis' . King Cotton. beat
W. J. Leonard's Tom Hurlick, 4-0. -• -"' ¦- .
Third round — Mayflower . beat ¦ Tyrone Prince,
5-2; Castaway beat Shadow, 7-5; Buck beat
Candelabria, 3-2; Frisco Lad beat Hawker, 4-2;
'Silver Cloud beat Rocker, 3-2; Norah beat
Ripple, 5-2; Agamemnon beat Vulcan, 3-0; Echo
beat Pleasant Girl, 4-0; War Eagle beat Talk
to Me. 6-5; Herechel's Pride beat Royal Flush,
D-0; Bonnie Pasha beat Greenhall, 3-2; Honor
Bright beat Ever Sure, 3-2; Round About beat
Flower of Gold, 2-0; King Cotton a bye.
Fourth round — Mayflower beat Castaway, 2-0;
Buck beat Silver Cloud, 3-1; Koran beat Frisco
Lad. 3-0; Agamemnon beat Echo, 5-2; War
Eagle beat Herschel's Pride, 4-0; Honor Bright
beat Bonnie Pasha, S-0; King Cotton beat
Round About, 4-1. .
Fifth round— Mayflower beat Buck, 4-0; Aga
memnon beat Norah, 4-0; King Cotton beat
War Eagle, 8-6; Honor Bright a bye.
Sixth round— Mayflower beat Agamemnon,
4-2; Honor Bright beat King Cotton, 4-3.
Deciding course — Mryflower beat Honor
Bright, 4-2.
Champion reserve stake, first round— A. R.
Curtis' Rector a bye; Pasha Kennels' Roman
Athlete beat D. J. Healey's Lady Clare, 5-0;
F. A. McComb's Warship beat O. Zahl's Homer
Boy, 4-3; Chlarlnl Bros.' Dewdrop beat A. R.
Curtis' Luxor, 2-0; Star Kennels' Game Boy
beat Sterl & Knowlea' For Glory, 5-4; F. A.
McComb's Little Sister beat T. Jones' Harlean
Gladvs, 6-1: F. S. Price's Brutus beat E.
Geary's Ireland. 3-2; Aeneld Kennels' Fine Fire
beat T. J. Cronin's Vandal. 6-2.
Second round— Rector beat Roman Athlete,
i S-0; Dewdrop beat Warship, 4-0; Game Boy
beat Little Sister. 5-0; Fine Fire beat Brutus,
12-9.
Third round— Dewdrop beat Rector, 4-0; Game
Boy beat Fine Fire, 5-4.
Deciding course— Game Boy beat Dewdrop,
10-5. -.-¦---.y
the Talent.
Twenty-Seven Short Enders
Make a Bad Day. for .
Mayflower and/Game
Bpy, Mother and Son,
|A; Win the Finals. .
TWO STIES GO
TO ONE KENNEL
SPORTS ON WESTERN AND EASTERN WATERS AND FIELDS
THE SAN:rKAKGISCO GALt, MONDAY, JULY 1, 1901.
6
The first brewery of Jos. a^l
Schlitz 'was a hut, but the »?8
beer that was brewed there |sgd
was honest. That was fifty
years ago. Today the mag- fptjl
nificent Schlitz brewery W
forms a monument to that j||Sg
honesty. p^
From the very beginning Fyj
the main object has been to p&i
attain absolute purity. In Jsj2*&
Schlitz beer pure yeast was gi)/i
first introduced in America. feSS
In the Schlitz brewery are <S1
all the inventions men have W^m
made for protecting beer • jQ
from impurities. j£?i
Schlitz beer is even cooled #*&
in filtered air; then it is fil- *Vj
tered, then sterilized. It is h$|
well aged to avoid the cause |^
of biliousness. \lfi
Ask your physician about ||ta
Schlitz, the beer that made !ra|
famous. • . \J/S
Thonc Main 417, Sherwood 3z Sher- §*-^
wood,212 Market St., Saa Francisco SSJl
®VIM, VIGOR. VITALITY forMLM
MORMON BISHOP'S PILLS
have been In use over fifty
years by the leaders of ths
Mormon Church and their fol-
lowers. Positively cure th«
-worst cases In old and ynung
arising from effects of st'f-
abuse, dissipation, excesses or
cigarette-smoking. Curs Lost ¦
Manhood. Impotency, Lost
Power. Night Losses, Insom-
nia. Pains. In Back. Evil Desires. Lame Back.
Nervous Debility. Headache. Unfitness to Mar-
ry, Loss of Semen, gmm '^¦^ "Vartcocele or Con-
stipation, Stop Ne*3 IJ rvous Twltchinsj
of Eyelids, Effects J?Z,£Z- are Immediate.
Impart vigor, and*- 11 " 1 potency to every
function. Don't set despondent: a cure Is at
hand. Restore small. - undeveloped organs.
Stimulate! the brain and nerve centers; 50c a>
box; ( for 12 50 by mall. A written guaranteo
to cu» or money refunded with « box's. Cir-
culars free. Address BISHOP REMEDY CO..
*> E1113 St.. San Francisco. CaL GRANT
PRTJO - CO.. S8 and 40 Third st. - ¦ . .
ADTVAX'S BBADI KEtlKlT ha. BtooA
unrivaled before the public for SO years aii
Pain Remedy. It Instantly relieves and auicklr
cures ail Colds. Sore Thrcsfts. Influenza, Bron-
chitis, •- Pneumonia. Rheumatlam, Neuralala
Headache. Toothache and ail pain. Interna iV
for Malaria and all Bowel Pains. All SKSt?New Zealand's" crown lands are now
J dlsDOsed of for 993 years.
Manila Troops .Coming South.
; PORTLAND,! Or.V, June ' 30.— Eighty men
of "¦¦ Company ,B, Thirty-eighth Volunteer
Infantry,"- who arrived- early this morning
from Manila on the transport Thyra, left
to-dajrfor San Francisco; where they will
be; mustered out.-: ;¦ - .: - \ ; : ' ;
Christians Killed by Mussulmans.
LONDON, July 1.— According to the Vi
enna' correspondent of 'the Daily Tele
graph,; a. conflict has : occurred Vbetween
Mussulmans and Christians at Gussinge,
on the Albanian-Montenegrin frontier, ten
Christians being, killed ; and many others
wounded. SBBtaB^^JWsJ^Wffi^fgSWffl^
fi^TB-^ HE Babes in the Ferris
| midsummer extrava-
II ganza, drew a crowded house last
II night at the Tivoli. The merry
piece has been brought strictly up
to date and is crammed with fcood things.
Alf Wheelan reappears in the "Babes"
In the part of Sir Rowland Macarsar, and
makes a great hit as the wicked uncle.
Bernice Holmes also returns to the boards
and does good work as the. cruel aunt of
the "Babes." Maud Williams is another
favorite member of the Tivoli forces who
made her reappearance last night as Miss
Raven, the school teacher. She was
warmly welcomed, and her pretty voice
added much to the musical part of the
Wrformance. Annie Myers and Edward
ebb take charge of the title role3, and
are a dashing and comical pair. Each
has two or three good songs— Webb a
clever patter song, very well sung, and
both are excellently fitted to the parts.
Hartman and Cashman are the tramps.
Weary Willie and Dusty Rhodes, and are
irresistibly funny. The songs and gags
are new, and the piece goes smartly, from
beginning to end. There is a pretty trans
formation scene, "The Babes' Retreat,"
and the ballets are very cleverly ar
ranged. — t 9 <
.The reigning sensation of current local
theatricals is the big production of "Un
der Two Flags" at ihe Columbia Theater,
that to-night begins its second week. It
is the dramatic success of the' hour, with
Miss Bates in her brilliant performance
as Cigarette, and stage mountings and ef
fects of splendor only too rarely seen
here. Miss Bates is well supported. In
the cast names deserving of special men
tion are ; Claude Gillingwater, Campbell
Gollan Eugene Ormonde and Irma Perry.
There will be a special holiday matinee of
"Under Two Flags" on Thursday, July 4.
"•At the Grand Opera House to-night the
Frawley". Company will ; begin an . eight
week engagement with a production of
"The Only Way," Freeman #Vills'- drama
tization of Dickens' novel, "A Tale of
Two Cities." The cast will be a powerful
one, including E. J. Morgan, as Sidney
Carton,' the role created and made famous
by Henry Miller last year; John Mason, as
Charles Darnay; Theodore ; Roberts and
STOCKTON." June 30.— The Odd Fellows
of this city held memorial services at the
Yosemlte .Theater .this •afternoon', Iri
memory of ; brothers j deceased during , the
past • year. . Charity. Truth and Stockton
lodges, together with the two Rebekah
lodges. .joined. In -the services and. the
theater was crowded. -.The eulogy was de
livered by J. W. Linscott,-P. G. of Pajaro
Lodge . No. 90. . and Charles A: . Sumner | of
Templar Lodge No. 17 : made : an . address.
George F- . Hudson acted as president of
the day.
Memorial Service. by Odd Fellows. 5
The new bill which opens at, the Chutes
to-day Includes; the La Monts, society ac
robats; Spencer Kelly, the "popular bari-
Charity Martin and G.-S. Wanrell are
still chief . favorites with the patrons -of
Fischer's Concert House. They will nead
this week's programme, and others on the
good bill are: Anita Fallon," Graham and
Greville Company, Al Hazard, Ingham,
Viola Vignette, Murphy and Hart.
• * . •
The Orpheum has a complete change of
bill this .week, with some old favorites
and some new friends. : Clayton "White
and Marie Stuart, in their pretty playlet,
"Dickey," head the list. The Prosper
troupe, acrobatic wonders; Blmra. Bonim,
Birr, musical clowns; P. ¦ Richards. . tbe
clever cartoonist; La Moyne brothers;
Gardner and Vincent, Emily Lytton and
Charles Bowser and company, are others
in the excellent bill; and Miss Ina Allen,
a society contralto, makes her debut in
vaudeville.
The California is- dark, but will shortly
reopen with James Neil and company In
the second half of their engagement.
To-night James M. Brophy, a former
favorite here, will begin an engagement
at the Central Theater in the title role
of "Davy Crockett." Mr. Brophy is a
native son. and began his stage career In
San Francisco. He rapidly became pop
ular here and during his recent Eastern
experiences has achieved a solid success.
His appearance will be the signal for
much friendly enthusiasm.
• * •
"Sapho" begins ita second .week at the
Alcazar to-night. The title role Is one of
Miss Roberts' most popular successes and
crowded houses have been the rule all
through the presentation. The play Is
carefully staged and adequately cast. Miss
Roberts is excellently supported by Mr.
White Whittlesey. Next week, "The
School for Scandal."
Katherine Grey. Mr. Morgan's good -work
with the Henry Miller Company last year
is pleasantly remembered by local play
goers, and his Sidney Carton is awaited
with much Interest. There wllL be mati
nees on Saturday, Sunday and Thursday.
Fourth of July. . . . " V**
tone: Flatt and Sutherland, vocal and
musical duo; Etta Aronaen and Lillia
Choate, Juvenile song and dance artists;
Memphis Kennedy, musical comedian;
Hopper and Hopper, sketch artists, - and
new moving pictures.
Lester Reeves,. lone. Ethel Barlow and
Mabel Hudson are at the Olympia this
week. . - ¦ ¦¦.¦¦*
B. J. MORGAN. WHO WILL APPEAR AS SIDNEY CARTON IN "THE ONLY WAY," THE OPENING PIECE TO !
• BE .PUT ON BY THE FRAWLEY COMPANY, "WTIICH OPENS AN EIGHT WEEKS' ENGAGEMENT AT THE
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE TO-NIGHT.
LONDON.iJune 30.— At the Invitation of
the vicar, the . Rev. • Forbes Phillips, ; Mrs.
Brown-Potter, , gowned ; in white ".with , a
picture^hat, v recited I from ? the chancel of
the Gerleston Church, near | Yarmouth,'
after ; : evensong to-day, : Pope's -.-."Vital
Spark of Heavenly ; Flame,"- ' and '. another,
poem, "The Queen's Last Ride,"' deliver
ing 'both to' choral accompaniment, -the"
congregation listening reverently. .
•.The vicar's idea was to enhance the at
tractions of. the service, and for an. hour
before '? it began a crowd besieged - the
doors 0,3 if the occasion were a theatrical
fiesta. Hundreds were unable to get in.. L.
- It ; Is rumored 1 that , the Bishop will for
bid a- repetition of the incident. Mr. Phil
lips," who writes. plays under: the nom de
plume "Athol .Forbes," . is ¦ now 'writing ': a
jpiece ' for Mrs.' Brown-Potter.' '
MRS. BROWN-POTTES GIVES
RECITATIONS IN CHURCH
¦ ' ¦'. ' ¦ ¦ " C ¦ ¦ ¦ ' '
Maccabees Hold Outing.*
The local tents of the Maccabees held, a
pleasant outing yesterday on the steamer
General Frisbie. The trip included visits
to Benicia and Vallejo. About 650 guest*
•were present and all voted the occasion/ a
most enjoyable one. Arrangements were
in charge of L. W. Coffey, Dr. T. -Z. Mal
laby and L. Morgan. .
Will Entertain Officers.
A reception wlll.be. tendered .to the of
ficers of the Forty-eighth and Forty-ninth
United /States "Volunteer regiments to
night at 8 o'clock at the African Metho
dist Episcopal Zion Church, 805 Stockton
street.- An interesting programme will.be
rendered and the friends of the returning
soldiers will endeavor to give them a fit
ting welcome back from the Philippines.
HOTEL AEBIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
J Kullman, Benlcla'
"\V C Stone. Palo Alto
G B McCord, Harford
B L Lawson, Presidio
G R Brown, San Mateo
J S Brereton & w. Oak
C A Uitter, Redlands-
F Hall. California
G F Thomas, Berkley
F Boch/ Berkeley
J R Smythe, N M
T> E Mitchell, Los Ang
Dr F W Carpenter. Ill
J B Reed, Portland
E C Spencer, England
Mrs S N Laughlin.Mass
Anna M Reed,;S Jose.
C W Shamek, Chicago
G F AdKlns, Seattle .-.
C W Wazlee. Sac
\V G Hemphlll, Lincoln
Miss Sanford. Cal
J H Reed, Sac ! :
A Metzler, Santa. Cruz
Mrs S A Dyer, P Alto
J Blbbere, Stockton
Susie Ryer, Stanford
S N ¦ Laughlin, Mass j ft
IT P BIsland. Coultervll
F Burnet. Vancouver. .
J D Lynch & w, Mo .
G H Harelow. Pt Rich
John Pullar. Pt Rich '
Carl Morris. Pt Rich
E B "Waterman, Cal
W B Vankek. VaHeJo
Mrs E 6 Dunford, Utah
M French, w & baby,
Santa Monica |
B L Towson, Presidio
G J Marsly & w, Sao
O w Towle. Towle
M C Tombler & w. Ark
R York & lady. Conn /
Mrs Fuller/ Conn -
Dr Gardner, . w & son,
•Buntwood -
L P Fleishman, Stkton
J C Nurse, Fresno
E Clark. San Jose
W E Sherwood. Stanfrd
J H ,Welr. U S N
John Shay, Pa
John Yost, Pa
Henry Yost, Pa
PALACE HOTEL.
AC Kuhn. San Jos-
C W Bopp.N-Y ¦ •
G A Sheets. & w, Ca
Mrs M D Brine, N Y •
Miss C A Northam, .
NY.
Mrs J.. A Northam, NY
W Bruce & w. Ohio
E Hockmeyer, | Guate
mala
O W-Beatty, Pa
"W "W Beatty, Pa -
A Wilson; Denver :
W Gregg & w, Denver
C E Pearsall& w. Cal
H ¦ F Grant. Pa
Miss Sanford. Los Ang
C D Snyder, Ind
T R Scott. Chicago
J, A Connell, Colo
W D Cornish,- N Y
H B Taylor,. N Y
J W Burton, LosAngr
Mm Burton, Los Ang
Miss Thompson. Loa A
O T Crosby, -Wash, DC
t. E Goodler, USA
T A Lufton, St. Louis
W J White. W V?
Cr W. Lloyd. . Ranrfsbrg
M Simpson, Portland
A E Philips, N Y
H L Frank. Butte
G N Jacobl, Reading
E A Davis, Placervllle
A 8 Konald & w, L A
J J Gunther, N Y
Mrs" C . Victor, N • T
E Victor, NY
Miss von Bermuth.NY
W S Watson, Chicago
L G Groncuyer, USA
McGuire and Wilson were booked on a
charge of burglary, and Wilson had a
further charge of carrying a concealed
weapon booked against him. -
The policemen discovered a man stand
ing outside Marx's fur store, 1023 Market
street, and at the same- time saw that the
glass in the front door had been broken.
The man, who gave his name as James
McGuire, was piaced under arrest.
Further investigation showed that eight
fur capes had been stolen and thrown into
the doorway. The -officers entered the
store and found another, man hiding, un
der the counter, 'who at once showed
fight. He was quickly overpowered, and
upon being searched a loaded revolver
was found in his pocket. He ' gave the
name of Thomas Wilson, but was identi
fied as George Wilkinson, who In '1897
served a three months' term for petty lar
ceny. Wilson has been working in a cigar
store at Fourth and Jessie streets.
A clever capture of two burglars was
made early yesterday morning on Market
street by Policemen Heinz, Nolting and
Driscoll. About 4 o'clock Heinz heard the
breaking of glass and proceeded to make
an investigation, after blowing his police
whistle, which was answered by Nolting
and Driscoll. .
TWO BURGLARS ARE
CL-EVEBXY CAUGHT
LEADERS IN ARRANGEMENTS
FOR THE SCOTTISH THISTLE
CLUB'S ANNUAL MEET.
ined the revolver and pur ja the trigger
to see its action. The revolver was load
ed and the bullet entered Price's abdo
men, and with a groan he fell to the floor.
- The central police station was notified
and also the Receiving' Hospital. Price
was taken to the hospital in the ambu
lance, where the doctors thought that the
bullet had probably penetrated the intes
tines and the wound might prove fatal.
Owing to Price's weak condition an oper
ation could not be performed.
Bonetti was taken to the central sta
tion and Lieutenant Martin ordered him
locked up in the "tanks" for further de
velopments. He was told that he should
have 6een that the revolver was not load
ed before working the trigger. . -
DID "NOT EfOW THK
WEAPO1T WAS LOADED
— — — — —
George Price, a Colored Soldier, Prob
ably Fatally "Wtranded in
Gun Store.
C«oTge Price, a colored soldier of Com
pany G, Forty-eighth Regiment, met with
en unfortunate and probably fatal acci
dent yesterday afternoon in Hirsch Bros.'
eurre, 221 Montgomery avenue. He was
paid off vesterday and had purchased his
ticket to* take him back to Kentucky.
About 4 o'clock Price and John Rodgers
of Company K, same regiment, went into
the store and Price, pulling a revolver
cut of his pocket, told Frank Bonetti, the
clerk, that his friend Rodgers wanted to
purchase one just like it Bonetti exam-
FROM 10 a. rn. till sunset of July 4
the athletes of the Scottish This
tle Club will compete in the games
of the old country at Shell Mound
Park. There Trill be running and
jumping and putting the stone, quoits
and tossing the caber, reels and High
land flings and sword dances. And all the
time the lads and lassies will be enjoying
thp fiance in the pavilion.
The celebration will be the nineteenth
annual gathering and games of the San
Francisco Scottish Thistle Club. The pro
pramme prepared is one of unusual excel
lence, and the careful preparations made
lead to the confident assertion that the
event Trill be the most successful of its
kind in the history of the club.
The games will be under the supervision
of Royal Chief George Miller, Recorder
George XT. Paterson and the official start
er, John Donaldson. These gentlemen
are thoroughly experienced in conducting
athletic spcrts. Mr. Miller has been royal
chief foT two terms, and Mr. Paterson
has held the office of recorder for the
last eight years.
P. D.- Findlay is chairman of the com
mittee on music "While the games are
being conducted in the open there will be
SHOKTRIDGE PRAISES
MEMORY 01 STTMNEB
Impressive Memorial Services Are
. Held in the First A. M. E.
Church.
"A'. email- congregation gathere'd- at the
First African Methodist Episcopal Church
last night to listen to "the services com
memorative of the ninetle(h anniversary
of the birth of Charles Sumner. There
was a song service and then. the pastor,
the Rev. Mr. J3rown, Introduced Samuel
M. Shortridge, who spoke briefly but elo 7
quently. He sa!d:
"This nation will never live long- enough
to make amends to humanity for the
wrong done the black man. Perhaps it
will not live long enough to earn pardon
of God. Slavery was a great blot upon
the national shield. I do not speak of the
past with bitterness; but the recollection
of the past to me is full of tears. I hate
and despise slavery in every form, and
with every man of my race here to-night
I am grateful to the man whose picture
you see here to-night."
The speaker paid eloquent tribute to
Washington, Jackson and Lincoln, and
said:
"There never was In this country a more
fearless champion of liberty than Charles
Sumner. It is right that men of your race
should honor Lincoln. To ¦ him it fell to
break the shackles of slavery. But the
clarion voice that awakened the con
science of the American people was the
voice of Charles Sumner."
The church was prettily decorated with
flags and with a portrait of Sumner.
Literary— W. A. Dawson. Alex Nicholson,
A. E. Carlisle, Andrew Ross. David Donald.
Finance— A. E. Carlisle, David Pollock. . Da
viil Loran
Finance on games — Thomas Christie. Donald
McLeod, P.obert H. Murray. Peter D. Find
lay.
Sick committee — Alexander . Stransr, George
W. Paterson. John Swan.
Starter — John Donaldson.
Judge of quoits^ — James Mackie.
Floor manager — John C. Moore.
Assistant floor manager— Thomas C. Xixon.
Floor committee — O. C McGregor. D. Fergu
son, E. McKarley, D. Pollock, Benjamin/Kirk
wood, H. B. Ross.
Reception — Alexander Strang, chairman; Da
vid Donald. W. McArthur. A. E. Carlisle.
John Rofs, P. D: Findlay, J. C. Moore, Alex
McTier, David Logan. Peter Riddell, R. F.
Wilscn. Hugh Fraser, W. A. Dawson, Alex
Nicholson. Thomas Nixon. J. H. McGregor,
William Sheperd, George Fullerton.
Past Royal Chiefs— Henry P. Christie, J. D.
Coulie, Dr. Dougald McMillan, Andrew Fore
man, Hugh Fraser, Donald G. C. McKay,
James R. j Watson, George Miller, James
Ts'lven. W. A. Dawson. John Ross.
dancing in the pavilion. At 8 o'clock there
will be a display, of fireworks.
Following aro the committees and of
ficials:
Games — George Miller, chairman: George W.
Paterscn, recorder; Alexander Straag, Robert
H. Murray, John Swan, P. D. Findlay.
Thomas Christie. John Hoes, Donald McLaod.
David Youn<r.
Kilt-Clad Pipers Will Sound Music for Highland Reels and Flings,
While Brawny Athletes Will Compete in Old Country Games
at Scotch Celebration to Be Held on the Fourth of July
CLANS TO MEET AT SHELL MOUND
FOR THISTLE CLUB ANNUAL OUTING
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE WILL HAVE
FRAWLEY COMPANY EIGHT WEEKS
Orpheum Has Complete Change of Bill— Under Two Flags a
Leading Theatrical Event— "Sapho" Begins Second Week at
||; Alcazar To-Night— ' 'Babes in the Wood" Opens to Big House
The sower went forth to sow. He might' have
sent some one else out to sweat and blister his
hands and tire his back while he lay In a
hammock in the shade. That is gentleman
farming, but in farming or anything else If
you would have it well done you must have
an eye to it yourself. If you go riding in the
park every day with a pug by your side in the
carriage, while your nurse maid wheels your
boy ud and down in front of the house in a
perambulator, you must » not : be surprised If
tho dog turns out better than your boy
The sower went forth to sow, not to gouge
the seed into the ground. I need this part of
my sermon more than you do. Sometimes I
go Into a town and after about thirty minutes
begin to feel that every man who does not ac
cept my way of thinking ia a horse thief and a
liar. Sometimes a minister starts, a revival
and meets no response and then goes at you
hammer and tongs till 'he makes you wish you
had died while you were little, or that he had.
Be careful what you sow. A man who casts
a vote puts into the ground the greatest pos
sibilities " that can be sown. What you sow
will return to you in citizenship. If you voted
the Republican ticket at the last election, or
the Democratic ticket, you voted for many
good things and for good men, but you voted
for the liquor traffic, you voted to stand by
the gin mill. Before another election comes
around 400,000 more bodies of drunkards will
be rotting in the j graveyards of our country.
And if . ¦ maybe, your boy- comes reeling out of
a saloon into your arms, may the thought of
the' sower brace you until you do not whine
about saloons, when your boy's ruin is only
the fruit of the vote you cast at the last elec
tion.
The Boy and the Dog.
He was only a sower, a Mr. Nobody of No
where, but I tell you It IE the nobodies, not
the doctors of divinity, who serve the world.
If you wero only somebody else, what a man,
what a woman you would be! But you are
not. That is the infirmity of that supposition,
lou are only yourself, and not very. much at
that; I reckon. •- ¦ ¦
'"f/ 8< l wer w^t forth-" Ton' cannot 1 tell
muts about a horse, or a Christian until you
Bee '11.^1 go.-- If you V**( !^a'-horse-' carefully
groomed and blanketed in his stall; that Is a
good way to keep him,, but -not to buy him.
uhat we want .in horses and men Is not flno
lookers, but fine roadsters. • If you want to
buy a Christian.- do nof buy him on Sunday.
If you want to buy a minister, -do not buy him
in the pulpit. 1 ¦- .
If a neighbor had come along he would prob
ably have leaned against the fence and said:
•'I have every regard for your thrift and en
ergy, but you are crowding the season. You
are sowing on the stoniest ground in the coun
ty. The trouble is you lack sense. I am. a
farmer, but I dp not bow until other farmers
begin, and when other farmers quit sowing I
stop, too. I am a procession farmer and I
stay with the crowd." Does not that sound
familiar to you? Bo men . Bay to me: "No
doubt you are right in the abstract, but you
can't legislate men Into being good. You are
a hundred years ahead of the time.' You have
no political sagacity." My friend, it will never
be more right to be a Prohibitionist than Just
when you get that vision of duty. The time
for you to act is when you get the order from
the home office of the Universe. -
Men say sometimes that we make a' hobby of
prohibition and ride it -until we become
nuisance. If this cause does nothing else if is
at least a cure for vanity. We who have en
gaged in rescue work have sometlties plumed
ourselves on what we have accomplished. We
point vainglorious to what we have done and
pop, like a Prince Ruperfs drop, back into the
gutter goes the drunkard, or back into the
slough the rescued girl, and the heart would
break only we think of this humble sower who
went forth to sow. Never mind, pull out an
other handful of seed and : fling it wide for
Jesus sake. Take up the unromantic role of
the sower who Is happy if along the roadside
£ ca °. see the fruits of other men's sowing,
though he, poor fellow, has not a spear of grass
to show for his toil.
Parable of the Sower.
• John G. .Woolley, the Prohibition leader,
and candidate of that party for the Presi
dency at the last election, ¦preached
last night '. : at . the . Howard-street.
Methodist' Episcopal Church.^'-, The au
dience attracted by the, fame;Tof ' the
lecturer filled the auditorium and /the
humor, and eloquence of the speaker fre
quently stirred; his -hearers to applause In
forgetfulness of the sanctity of. the' time
and place. V, ¦ '-'vS ¦ ¦ ".. •'i~J>" i s ¦.¦':
Mr. AVoolley Is gifted with a fine sense of
humor, and quaint and ; iiomely Illustra
tion and skillful , story telling: are promi
•nent In' his addresses; But the.earnest
ness • of tho reformer, lies beneath " the
lighter vein 'and" the lesson he seeks, to lm-'
press is. couched in" eloquent periods. He ',
spoke in part as follows:: ¦"-[''¦''.',.'!.
j I am going to preach to you to-night foe gos
pel of bumble service. ' We honor too much the
higher and" more ostentatious things' of^the
world. We like to have the minister take, his
text from Revelations, because then .we .are
certain "that" we do not know, what he la" talk-
Ing about; and we are fairly sure that : he does
not. But I want- to preach the gospel of the
commonplace. Christ, summed it up. once" In
these words of the parable: "A sower . went
forth "to sow." \Vhat,prospect-*tfould be less
Inviting than that set forth in this sentence?
Yet it fairly bristles. with helpful thought's for,
our citizenship.' It is a masterpiece of the com
monplace, full of hope, and help for us under
the present social and political conditions. .'
'.' Take a: look at this sower gon.g forth. You
see a dull, flat, unromantlc lanscape— one man's
flat pancake of a farm; a winding road, rough,
stony, lined , with wiregrass; in the midst: of
the scene I a dreary man picking his way
among the thorns and' stones, one weary step
at a time; 'a fl O ck of birds following in awk
ward flight, picking up the grain almost as
fast as he scatters it. .
John G. Woolley Occu
pies Methodist Church
Prohibition Leader Charms
Audience by Humor and. -
:¦' ,;Eloquence^S
PREACHES GOSPEL
OF THE HUMBLE
7
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAliL, MONDAY, JULY 1,' 1901.
: . NEW ADVEBTISEMENTS.
VACCTITATION' AND DANDRUFF.
There Is as Sure Prevention of Bald-
ness as There Is of Smallpox. /
It Is now accepted that "vaccination ren-
ders the vaccinated person: exempt from
smallpox; or at worst,'; he" never has 1 any-
thing but the lightest kind of a case.' Now
as sure a preventive and cure for. dandruff,
which : causes . falling " hair - and ¦ baldness,
has been discovered— Newbro's
It kills the' dandruff, germ. C H. Reed,
Victor, Idaho, .says: '.'Myself 'and wife
have been- troubled with dandruff and hair
falling for several years. AVe, tried reme-
dies without. effect until we used'Newbro's
Herpicide.; two bottles of which cured us,"
Hundreds of similar testimonials. , : :
UNITED STATES BRANCH;
STATE/WENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE — -
MANCHESTER FIRE
ASSURANCE COMPANY
OF MANCHESTER. ENGLAND. ON THE
21st day of December, A. D. 1900. and for
the year ending on that day, as made to the
Insurance Commissioner of the State of Cali-
fornia, pursuant to the provisions of sections
«10 and 611 of the Political Code, condensed as
per blank furnished by the Commissioner.
ASSET?.
Real Estate owned by Company $3,312 14
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company ; 1,400,880 00
Cash In Company's Office 21,944 54
Caah In Banks 135,157 66
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 5,054 17
Premiums In due Course of Collection 270.3C2 56
Bills receivable, not Matured, taken
for Fire and Marine Risks 153 93
Due from other Companies for Rein-
surance on losses already paid . 4.233 S3
Total Assets $1,841,098 85
LIABILITIES.
Xjosses adjusted and unpaid $88,244 85
Ijosses In process of Adjustment or
In Suspense -71,122 63
Losses resisted. Including expenses.. 15,203 20
Gross premiums on ' Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less. $1, 078.335 66:
reinsurance 60 per cent 639,167 83
Gross rrerninms on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year, $389,980 51;
reinsurance pro rata. 496,080 42
All othei liabilities „... 79.586 47
Total Liabilities .'. ...51.289.405 40
INCOME. '¦ :
Net cash actually received for Fire
premiums $1,357,250 0«
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds, Stocks, Loans, and from
all other sources.... 52,496 72
Total Income ...$1,439,746 78
EXPENDITURES. ~
Net amount paid for Fire Losse3 (In-
cluding $125,685 47, losses of pre-
vious years) $876,051 17
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 2S3.502 36
Paid for Salaries. Fees, .and other
charges for efflcers. clerks, etc $6,602 08
Paid for State, National and Local
taxes .60,70173
All other payments and expenditures. 8S.398 09
Total Expenditures ..$1,335,255 43
Fire. •
I/osses Incurred during: the year $908,734 69
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums. ¦
Net amount of Riska
•written during the * „.,.,-..'.,
year $179,879,502 I $2,015,063 U
Net amount of Risks . - |
expired I during- the j
year 175,572,742 j 1,911,679 44
Net amount In force]
\. December 31. 1900 | 194,146.167 I 2.068.318 17
\ GEO. F. A. YOUNG,
U. S. Manager.'^
Subscribed and nworn to before me. this 6th
day of February, 1901. EDWIN F. COREY
Commissioner for California in New York.
pacific coasTdepartment,
323 California Street, S. F.
THOS. J. CONROY, Manager.
•GEO. W. BROOKS, Asst. Mgr.
BALFOUR, GUTHRIE & CO. rt '. . . . .Directors
UNITED STATES BRANCH.
STATEMENT
— OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OP THE
CALEDONIAN
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF KDrXFTBGH, Scotland, en the 31st day
of December, A. D. 1900. and for the year
rf.a^r.-s on thsl day, as raa£c to tbe Insurance
t i^univrtonar of iH* State of CaliforTiia. jrar-
ruar.t to th« rrovirlonm of aorOoxis €10 mud 611
«• the Political Cole, condensed as per blank
furnished by the Cocnnlssioner.
ASSETS.
C»*"h llaTteet-Caa-n* of a31St<xifcs and .
Eon<:» rrrma tnr Company. n,6M.«f> 00
r»Fh in Company** Olflce. «
C*h in Backs -v - 123.SS1»>
Interert Aw and accraed on aU
Stocta a»S tjaaxm ...... 14.4SI 15
]Y«nlurrJ In due Course oT CoHeo- --._,__
Bn\Tr*c^bV«/not"Matored," taken
for Fire anfl Marine Bisks «3 S6
T>u« irtnn oth«r Companies for B»-
\TOSaTKDix os losses already paid.. 2.119 Si
Total Aeseta $1,910.617 6C
LIABILITIES.
T^oeses nASnrtnd aurf imr^Ua I £.2,728 64
I»ea«« la process ot Adjustment or -
In Suspense ..-.— -. ........ 48,540 79
Ix»s« rrtiet^I. incline expenses.. 11.196 12
Grose premiums on Fire nirtsrcn-
nin« one year or less. S3J7.721 OS;
SriSnrSjci 50 per eeot 46S.8CC 5*
Gross preml-cin* <ra Fire Risks 7-nn-
rlnir tnor« than oae year. $383,-
9T8 87: relnroranc* pro rata. 450,29*74
AU other LiabllitJea.-.'. 69.T59 88
Total UaMlltlea \. (1.101.383 «2
UfCOJfB. •
JCet ca*n actually recelvel far Fire
pretnlWBM V V/" $t2S.«8 41
necelved tor Internet and ajviaenfls ; "
m Bonds. Stocks. Loans, and -
from all otter Fourees €2.762 90
Bec«1vea tar profit on «aleU)f se-
curities •>.• 7.1Q8 a
¦ Total Income \.....M.298.279 54
¦ -.%
gXPENDlTU RE&\
Vet amount paid tar Fire Loses i,-
flnduaing $3C1,77J 3. losses "ip^r
7>revlous years \. .JSS0.4S8 25
Paid or allowed for Commission v -
Brokers** .'-V 2S9.400 45
Paia for Kalart**. Fees and othe?i . ••¦ •
charcrs-for offi^rs. clerks. etc.'.\ 90,008 27
•Paid for State. National and LoeaM * '
taxen -."t* 9 . 220 u
A51 'tiler j>ayments and expendi- "A v
tores *,t2,3S2 15
Total Expenditures SI.JS1E59 31
IxjBses Incnrred durlwr the year $ 795Jt2 12
Hleks and Premlunu. I Fire Risks. I Premiums.
?fet amount of " Rinks j \
• written Saring thel -\
year I $156,982,363 J1.7W.843 U i
I^*t amount of Risks I J ' A\
expired during thel I .1
year I ia.76LM2 I 1,638,165 U
2\"t f. mount In forcel J
Docember 51. 190Q....I 181.595.182 I 1.SH.C99 45
CHAS. H. POST.- V. 8. Manager.
IC. A. McNEIL. Assistant Manner.
Subscribed and sworn to before m<?. thW 26th
fiay of January. 190L H. F>. FRANCK. .
- Notary Public
PACIFIC COAS^TDEPARTMENr,
323 California Street, S. F.
THOS. J CONROY, Manager.
GEO W. BROOKS, Asst. Mgr.
i BALFOUR, GDTflRIE & CO....... Directors.
. Eastern Hams 12 I-2C lb ;
Extra selected, sugar cured. I
fresh smoked. ,;
Shrimps f 3 tins 25c:
Barataria brand, pickled or -dry; \
for .fine salad or a ready lunch. ]
Soups 3 tins 25c :;
X ; Van Camp's concentrated' aoups; <
i 1H different varieties. J
Rolled Oats 10 pounds 25c ':
Best Eastern cream oats. '
I Butter per square 30c ;
Z Finest creamery. Your choice of '.
? the leading brands.
Wilson's . Pure Baltimore :J
Rye Whiskey $1.00 bottle :
Reg. $1^5. ' \
Old Tom Gin 65c bottle . \
Her" Ma jesty*3 brand: Cavendish).'
4 Son & . Co. distillers. ; Reg. J1.0O. ¦
][ Claret "25c gailon i
l>', . Salazar's •• celebrated vineyard:'
>!; vlntasre • IS34: ¦ extra- value;, suit--;
v> able for bottling. Reg. 60c. .•.."¦>-;<
Sweet Wines • 75c gallon i
< Tonic Port. Sherry, Angelica, ¦!
Z Muscatel, . 'Tolcay. Reg. $1.23.
; ' Monday and Tuesday only.' . < !
| American ;Club Whiskey i:
: . \ $1.85 gallon «;
; Old fashion hand-made ¦ sour " ¦
< r . mash; 4 years old. Reg/ $2.50. >3
rVermouth 50c 'bottle : i|
j : /. NolllyJ " ; Prat '& Co. ; Imported !
5 .; French.^ ' - . ."¦ . itTHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. MONDAY, JULY 1, 1901.
8
«a> fraxcisco call. , -
BUSINESS OFFICE of The' San Francisco
r«Jt correr o? Market and '.Third streets; open
entil 12 o'clock <? V cry night in the year.
RRAKCXI OFFICES— KT^MontKomery street,
corner Clay: c;»cn until also p. m.
S* Hayes street, open until S:30.p. m.
<v9 McAllister street : open until 9tS0 p. m.
o; Larkin street: open until S:S0 p. m. .
19*1 Mission street; open until 10*p. m.
• S?fil Market street corner Sixteenth; open
UTitil ? p. m. '
106 Eleventh Etreet: oper. until 9 p. m.
3006 Valencia street: open until 9 p. m.
Ncrth— est corner Twenty-second ani Ken-
tucky Ftrects: open until 9 p. m.
rr,9 Fill mere street : open until 9 p. m.
MEETIXfi XOT1CKS.
ASYLUM of GoMpn Gate Commandery __¦
No. V'. K. TV. r,25 Sun*r st. -Stat-'d W
assembly THIS EVENING at 8 o'clock, ffqj
Al! fratcrs are courteously invited. v*r
H. D. LOVEL'AND. Em. Com.
THEO. FROLICH. Recorder.
SAN* FRANCISCO Chanter No. 1. Royal _J>
Arch Masons, meets THIS EVENING. jC_f
Business and fourth degree '"r '
OCCIDENTAL Lodge No. 22. F. and A. ¦""
M.— THIS (MONDAY) EVENING at 8 #V
o'clock. =tated meeting. U3f
WALT_R G. ANDERSON. Sec. /V>
HERMANN LodE«~No. ir7,~~F.~andri_ _~
M.— Stated meeting THIS DAY (MON- _£\
DAY). July 1. idol at S p. re. By or-YV
der cf the W\ M. /V>
L. SCHUMACHER. Secretary.
KING Solomon's Lodge No. 260 F. and __
A. M.. Franklin Hall, Fillmore st . Ek
bet. Bash and- Sutter— Stated meet-\__
In* Rt 7:30 and third degree at S:30 '\r x
THIS EVKXTXO. HARRY HAEIIK. >". c.
PIONEERS— The regular __^<_Z_tr^Z
monthly meeting of the >C3Pi_?3s?i>S*S_
Society of California _\&£_$il'M_i£_i&_
Pioneers will be held on **&*WjEgS&8gg
»• *. ferE.Ttt, 5©C«
ST. AXDREWS Society— Special _ rt
meetine THIS EVENING. yi\!l $L__J_1
merr.oers are cordially invited.
,,_^ ALLAN POLLOK, Pres.
GEO. ST. J.JBREMNEr^Secretary.
A ' °-»JS- DSvi8lol « No. 2— The reffulartt,^— s
inonthly meeting- of this division will^J^?
be held at Hibernia Hall. 120 Ninth W#
"soT n y ESDAY - Jul y *¦ 195L at tf3s|?
t t . J-JP 1^ KENNY, President.
T. L. CLANCY. Secretary.
RIGGERS' and Stevedores' Union Association
meets THIS (MONDAY) EVENING July 1
at «:30 o'clock, at 32 O'Farrell st. The elec-
tion of officers will take place. A full at-
ter.aance is requested.
A. CAMPBELL, President
F. E. DURHAM, Rec. Sec.
FOURTH, of July. Shell Mound .» _• >.
Park. Berkeley— Great gathering 2V, J4lS7
and wises of the San Francisco __t^jf<
Scottish Thistle Club. Great event
S3C0O 1n cash prizes. Elegant and costly
medals for amateurs. Games open to ail
comers. Phenomenal exhibition of strength
by leading athletes of the world. Special
event* for members of Pacific Athletic Asso-
ciation. Picturesque Highland dancing. Ex-
citing bicycle and foot racing. Amusing
ciown. barrel, three-legged, obstruction and
sack races. Great Irish jig and reel.- cake-
walk and buck and wing dancing contests.
Grand open-air concert and fireworks at
night Dancing both day and night in pa-
viclins. Hichland welcome to all. Admls-
fion (day), adults 50c. children 25c; (night).
2.'c and 10c. Buy your ferry tickets for Shell
Mound. GEORGE MILLER. Royal Chief.
GEORGE ~*. PATERSON. Recorder.
ASPHALTU3I ROOFIXG.
J. PELTIER, asphalt roofing, sidewalks re-
ralrgd; postal. 1136 Mission: tel. Folsom 1607.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success: collections. G W.
HOWE, atty at law, 850 Market cor. Stockton.
ADVICE free; no charges unless successful; W.
TV. DAVIDSON. 927 Market et opp. Mason.
L. 6. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg.. 927 Mar-
h»t rt. : consultation free: no fees In advance, i
KOAKDIXG FOR CHILDREN.
2 OR 3 children to board, week or month; bert
c-are;sunny yard;nr.school;reasonable.l607 Cal; ;
LADY would like one or two children to board.
Address 34"^ Mary et
BOOKS XB XV ._<_ OLD.
BOOKS cf every kind bought Tel. Red 293S.
HOLMES BOOK CO.. 704-706-708 Mission st ;
HIJSIX—SS CHANCES. |
A— $1500; COFFEE saloon and restaurant; 1 !
Mock :-outh of Market st : daily receipts from <
$30 up; clearing about $400 per month; a rare
chance. Call R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A— $550; SALOON with 36 furnished rooms; 1350
cash, balance on time; rent $60; located
Fourth at. Call R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny.
A — FRUIT and vegetable store with 4 rooms:
rent $35; on Sutter st. ; price $600; business
clearing above $150 per month. R. G. WILKE, i
26V4 Kearny st \ ' I
A— $330: DELICACY store and branch bakery. 1
with 3 living rooms; rent $18; kept by owner ]
11 years: choice business location. Particulars
R. G. WILKE, 26^j Kearny st
A— $750: SALOON: no better located place in
this city: rent $50; place clears easily $150 I
per month: no niyrht work. See R. G.
WILKE. 26«* Kearny st
JKa — Chicken ranch, ltOO chickens, good house.
tli.00— Liquor store; fine corner, near Market.
ir~r<> — Coal and wood yard; good bus; low rent.
*_6 — Grocery _ bar; est. 9 yrs; 4 living rms.
1350— Bakery; 6 living rooms; cheap rent
$X0— Grocery, fruit; cor. store; no opposition.
We have seme very genuine business oppor-
tunities well worth investigation.
WALTER HAYES & CO., 838 Market st
YOU can be suited in any kind of businees by
calling at office. .
G. W. SCHWEINHARD. 917 Market st, near
Fifth. Phone Mint 1811.
IF you want to Invest any money In any safe I
investment the Business Board, 326 Pine et, j
teas a grand selection; a full guarantee will 1
,t>e given to all who Invest.
(1000 — CANDY store and factory; bargain; sick-
ness cause of sale. McLAUGHLLV _ CO..
777H Market Bt
J200-PARTNER wanted in light business; $15 j
to $24 a week each; trial given; no experience I
required. 25 Geary St.. room X. • ¦ ,; : . j
OFFICE— Real estate office for Bale. JOSEPH j
BAILIE. 759 Market St.
1350— PARTNER wanted in printing; paying; !
established business; double value In sight;
owner wishes to enlarge; Investigation so-
licited. Address box 4304, Call office.
$130 ECYS a well -paying delicatessen store; on
account of departure; rent with 2 living
rooms. $15. 205 Sixth Bt
$280 — RESTAURANT; good location: splendid
chance for man and wife; rent $15; receipts
$18 to $24 daily; reason for selling, wish to
engage In other business. 17 Thirtieth st
fro ACRES of ccal land; mines open; price $40
per acre; a chance for a great fortune; sam-
ple sacks to be seen at our office. Call or
address MEISTER & OLCOVICH, 312 Davis.
TO pie no manufacturers and others; agency
wanted by • pianoforte tuner: willing to pay
f <-»r ' introduction to good district. Box 345a,
Calf. _^
f? A LOON for sale— Centrally located on Market
ft; dissolution of partnership: great bargain.
I--. C. CASTELHUN. 325 Montgomery st.
roams 2-4. .
A NEW quick-selling invention; secure a
founty richt and make money; patents
bought and sold. WARD _ MOSELEY, SO
O'Farrell st. room 1.
JTOO — PAHTNER In hotter business; large re-
turns; light work; Investigate this. Box 34S2,
Call. . •¦ ; __^^^^
FOR $1330: bargain; fine hotel or transient;
choice location on Pacific st.. including sa-
loon and dancing hall. 24 Montgomery ave.
OUR teleRTarh lips on Eastern races are win-
ners. ?S7 Market Ft., room 116.
vrLIC depot for sale cheap. Corner Fifth and
Clara sts. ¦
GOOD opening for barber shop and baths In
hotel; also tailor. 718 Valencia «t
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
«^»cflved «t Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
_ODGIN«-HOUSES FOR SALES .
<5^jtO^fh'-u^^^
M-room boa/ding-houjse *... 7309
' 70 rooms: ccunlrv hotel and bar.. 300
S rooms, on Mi?*'.:n st. 250
JO- room corner Cat. 250
MONEY TO LOAN AT LOWEST RATES.
16 rooms, on Eddy Et 400
it rooms.' on 'Market St.... ...'.:... 1700
83 rooms .-'corner 1S00
15 rooms, in Oakland.... ...". 4-V)
lR-room honse: sure to clear $100.... ..' 700
SS rooms; all rented: clears $175 2%0
t6 rooms: elegant corner: clears $130 1900
•1 rooms: fine and sunny: clears $143 ia»
10 rooms; very central: on Taylor st 400
1« rooms: near Eddy *t.: new furniture.. 13C0
ffr« other housiet". from *."<0 to 110.000.
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market rt.; opp. Fifth.
MARION GRIFFIN— Mcney to loan. 7_» Mar-
ket rt.: by Call bllg.: tei. Black 1S03. * .
50 rooms; 3 years' leax*; rent J35 ..$425
ion rootne: avenn:' income tlico month; my
best money-mating proposition C-VK)
6-roem flat; rent IIS; 2 r. rented for $15.. It*
IE rooms: owner occupies double parlors; Vf
¦ crsIi: bfl. install.; Income $1OU £0C
SS rooms; fine: brand new: AL
10 rooms ;- clef ant; rent $r00; clears $200.'.&CC0
I LODGING- nOCSES FOR SALE —^Coi«_'
A. CAMERON _ CO..
• ' %'Ji Market ft and % Stcokton st. •
Rooms i-1, 12 and 23. Phone Bush 328.
If you have hotel, rooming house or business
to sell list with us. We have cash customers
for all sizes and prices. See list of bargains.
45 r. : rent $16*'; good, perm., trans.: Al loc. $2500
SS r.; rent J12."»: oak fur.: 1st fl. offies; Mkt. 2250
Z* r.: rent M10; good loc: fnr.. crp. clrs. $150 2500
16 r.; rent $15; good fur., carp.; sunny 850
IS r. ; rent $S5: good fur., carp: large yard... 1250
12 r.: rent {S3; new fur.; clears $55. 1350
23 r. : rent only $75: good fur. car. & loc. off. 1000
We have over 500 houses listed. Call before
buying; money loaned en deferred payments;
1!£ per cent.
;.-" ATTENTION. BUYERS'.
Ton may buy any rooming-house in
the city, and pay for it
In monthly payments . /
from the profits
• of the house,
» Vacant houses furnished.
I DONALD INVESTMENT CO.. S50 Market
17 ROOMS — Furnished new. 6 months ago: cost
$lS00: will fell for $1CCO; any amount-down;
balance easy. DONALD INVESTMENT CO..
850 Market st ' •
". FISHER A CO :
935 Market: i>hone Folsom 1342
75 rooms; price $5000142 rooms; price $3300
26 rooms; price 1900130 rooms: price..:. 2250
22 rooms; elegant; rent only $60: price.... 1500
14 rooms; handsome; rent only $60: price.. 750
We have over "SCO more, any location, kind or
price, at bargains and hurried sales.
WINSTON &~W0LF.
. 1026 MARKET ST.
20 room?; asking $500: make offer; sacrifice.-
33 rooms; corner; part cash $1800
66 rooms; rent $100; a money-maker 2100
20 rooms; large yard; rent $75. 1500
500 other houses from 4 to 200 rooms.
THE largest and best list of lodging-houses
and hotels can be found at office of
G. W. SCHWEINHARD,
! No. 917 Market st (near Fifth St.). «
I Phone Mint 1911. ¦ — "
$375— LODGING-HOUSE, 10 rooms; furnished,
j ?64V4 Mission st.
FURNITURE of seven-room flat; must be sold
before July 4th. Apply 311 Mason st.
SPIRITUALISM.
COME and see C. V. Miller's wonderful seances;
Sun., Tues.. Frl., 8 p. m.. 50c; you can speak
to your spirit friends face to face and recoK-
nlze them; give names; has received medals
from many countries; taken last world's re-
cord medal at Paris Fair. 10S4 Bush; tel.
2275 Larkin.
_____________
Trance, business medium: life reader: exam-
ines ore; oil locations; medical clairvoyant:
treats, cures sick: career removed without
use of knife. 1164 O'Farrell, nr. Goutrh: Ellls-
st. car: sit. $1; letter. $2. Tel. Hyde 2461.
RESUMED business— Mrs. Dr. Farnham. the
world-renowned spiritual medium; advice In
ell affairs in life: lawsuits, divorces, dealhs:
unites the sera rated: mining a specialty: cir-
cles Sun.. Wed.. Fri. eve.: letters answered.
Residence (no signs). 33 McAllister st. '
MLLE. M. WILLE. crystal seer, clairvoyant,
medium, of Paris; speaks English, French,
German; sittings 9 to 8; 50c. 215 Leavenworth.
' CLAIRVOYANT card reader from Louisiana;
I only 10c. 262 Minna St., near Fourth.
I M. WILLE. crystal seer, clairvoyant, medium;
j sittings, 9 a. m. to 8 p. m. ; 50c. 215 Lvworth.
j FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer; sittings dally; test to all to-night; 10c.
CLAIRVOYANT, mineral psychometrlst, palm-
v 1st and card reading, 25c. 1241% Market st
EDWARD EARLE. 328 Ellis— Readings dally:
reance Sun.. Tues. s.nd Thurs. Tel. Polk 1601.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
A~LINCOLX CLAIRVOYANT AND
HIGH PSYCHIST
j He tells your name, condition, desire, hopes,
I etc., without asking a single question: cures
diseases without medicine; shows you how to
avoid bad luck and how to make yourself
lucky: reunites the separated; makes harmonv
In your home; srives accurate advice on all
business affairs ;investments.mlnlng, oil: read-
ings by mall; send stamps for terms. 125 Turk.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double \-eil — second sight;
diagnoses disease with life readlng;'ladie* 50c,
gents $1; palm, nnd clair. sit, $1 50. 126 Turk.
NAAMAN. Russian seer and palmist, satisfies
when others fall, all affairs life, business or
"disease: no charge unless perfect satisfaction.
326 O'Farrell St.; hours. 9 a. m. to -9 p. m:
• KNOW your fate; Mme. 'Richards, astrological
! palmist and reader of human destiny: never
fails: 25c and 50c. 1203 Mission st. cor. Sth.
Mrs. Dr. Sayler. queen of clalrvovants & palm-
ists: names and dates: L. 25c; G. 50c: mall $L
1511% Market, op. Van Ness; tel. Mint 1095.
MRS. DR. VALEEX, clair.. palmist: advice on
all affairs; messages from departed friends;
teacher of personal magnetism. 1523% Market
ISMAR, the Egyptian rypsy. ela!Yvoyant and
palmist, perma'nently located 114S Market, op.
6th; private readings daily, 10 a. m. to 5 p. m.
MME. MONTAGUE, clairvoyant and palmist,
gives names, facts, date* ;satlsf action by mall;
inclose stamp. 1352 Market op. Odd Fellows.
I MME. WALTER?, irreat card reader: ladles 25c:
| gents 50c. 951 Mission, nr. 6th: open Sundays.
j Mrs. Mallory. clairvoyant card reader: when oth-
| ers- fail consult me: L.'25c. G. 50c. 917 Howard.
i MRP.MELVILL. well-known clairvoyant. water
I reader. 11. 6th:German spoken; tel. Howard 1846.
MME. BERNARD. 17 3d st. gone on vacation;
win return soon: watch paper for ad.
1 MME SCHAFFER. clairvoyant, card reader;
: Fittlnrs flailv. 448J4 Jessie st.. bet. 5th and 6th.
MME. AUGUST, .clairvoyant card reader and
! palmistry; truth or no pay: 25c. 1149 Mission.
! MME. RAVENNA read- life fluentlv; business
pd«-<<*»: nm« e-fv»n: 2Se iit>. 5 Kmirth pt.
CARPET BEATING A?fD CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S pioneer Carpet-Beat-
ing Works, 353-357 Tehama st ; tel. South 40.
BEATING, 3c; laying, 3c* renovating. 8c up;
work guaranteed. T. R. Co.; phone Scott 1310.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works: prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison: tel. Mission 263.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-Beating Works,
333 Golden Gate ave.: telephone East 126.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM, Proprietor.
JONES & CO., reliable carpet cleaners and ren-
ovatora. 25-27 Eighth st.; tel. Jessie 1061
CITT Steam Carpet-Beating "Works. G. H.
STEVENS, mgr.. 88-40 Sth at : tel. South 2S0.
J. . E. MITCHELL Carpet-Beating and Reno-
vating Co.. 240 Fourteenth et; tel. Mission 74.
CARPETS cleaned at the lowest rates. STRAT-
TON'. 8 Eighth «t.: tel»nbon» Jop.le 944.
CHIROPODISTS.
INGROWN nails, bunions, corns, warts, chil-
blains: painless cure. Dr. Duncan. 415 Sutter.
COLLECTION OFFICES. .
GTOR^E^ri_Lii^S^en^y^o^h^irge^_^
less successful. Room 310. 927 Market St.
COTTAGES TO LET. '
TO let— Nice cottage of 6 rooms and bath;
large warden. : Inaulre at 1104 Valencia st,
near Twenty-second. '
______ _
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, 809 Mar-
ket st; cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg.. you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
$3 50 up; plates, extractions free. $4 50 up; of-
fice hours, 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. : Sundays, 9 to 2.
p. m. J. W. THATCHER, M.D., Manager. .
; EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings: extractions or fillings by my
wonderful secret, painless method; 20 years'
experience; no students; advice free; prices
cheapest and guarantor; Fady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st.
A — NEW unbreakable plate.' the Rose Pearl,
warranted for 20 rears; crowns. $3 50: fillings.
60c; plates. $3: full set; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental PnrlorB. 24 Sixth.
PARIS Dental Parlors. 235 Kearny. cor. Bush^
Full set of teeth. $4; crowns. $3; fillings. 25c.
AT Ideal Dental Co.. 6. Eddy st— Work done
on weekly Installments: lowest rates.
DR. R. L.WALSH.815'i Geary.nr.Larkin-Paln-
less extraction 50c; plates $5 up:phonePoIkUS5.
DR. H. G. TRUMAN, dentist, third floor. Ex-
amlner building; formerly In Murphy bldg.
LOWEST prices in S. F. Painless extraction.
Me. N. Y. Dentists. flC9 Mission st.. j cor. 6th.
VAN VROOM— "Painless": evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market St., corner Sixth.
SKT of teeth without plate. DR. II G.
YOTTNO. 1341 Polk Bt. ,¦'
DETECTIVE. AGEXCIES.
McCA BE' K- Det ect I ve~Agenc~hand ies^airTegr
¦^ tlmate defective business; divorce < cases, nosl-
I tively refused. Emma Spreck-ls building,
j rooms 323-3?4. tart Fnn-l«'-f>- fl. South 3R1. •¦
DKKSSMAKERS A.\D SEAMSTRESSES
MCDOWELL Dressmaking _ Military School—
Class rates; patterns cut. 1019 Market st.
ACCORDEON pleating: country, orders prompt
attention. l*l Po.ft. ever O'Connor & Moffatt.
ELECTRO-THERAPEUTIC.
Electrlc-Chemic medication . cures . faulty nutri-
tion, nerve, blooo _ constitutional diseases."
¦-Drs. K. St. K.'s Electric Sanitarium* 8 Mascn.
EDUCATIONAL.
GA^^GH^^M^AR^H^CoIleee^ PaVrotTbids^
Shorthand, typing and bookkeeping; ", Robert
F. Gallagher, expert court reporter, teuchtr of
nhorthan<l:reportorial phrasing taught; prac-
tical bookkeeping. . full course, $30; catalogue."
AYRES' Business 'College, 723 Market st— Day
& eve.; bookkeeping, shorthand, typing, teleg-
raphy, etc. ; life scholarship. . $50; individual
instruction: positions secured; catalogue free.
A— THE LYCEUM, -an accredited preparatory
echool for the university, law and medical
colleges: references, President Jardan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan, building.
ACTING elocution, specialties; Hallett School.;
associated with theatrical epency securing
positions. Alcazar. building, 120 O'Farrell. st.
MERRILL-MILLER College— Shorthand, typ-
ing, practical bookkeeping. . Rooms 40-45, Par-'
rott bldg.^Individual instruction; 'catalogue.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec.mlning.mech., sur-
vey, assay,' cyanide; day, eve.; est 1864. -- Van
' der Naillen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
A FULL course of Ellis bookkeeping and the
Gregg shorthand costs only $60. San Fran-
clsco Business College. 1?36 Market st.
A SPECIALTY— Perfecting beginners; business
college graduates: bookkeeping; figures: short
time. TARR. exp. acct.,220 Parrott bldg.
HEALD'S Business College, 14 Post st. S. F.;
founded 3 S63; new SO-page catalogue free. , '
PROF". L. MERKI. successful teacher of violin,
mandolin and guitar. 1008 Mission st. nr. 6th.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc.; day or eve.; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. _6th.
EXPERT Oi'TICIAX.
IT IS DANGEROUS to wear glasses that have
been prescribed by . an unqualified - optician.
If your eyesight Is falling, or -If your eyes
trouble you In any way, give me a call. Ex-
amination free.
F. MAYERLE.
German expert optician and graduate of Chi-
cago Ophthalmic College. Note address, 1032
Market st. San Francisco. - ' ~
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
JAPANESE and Chinese help of all kinds;
cooks, waiters and house servants. ' GEO.
AOKI & CO.. 421 Post st. ; tel. Bush 135.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese. Chi-
nese help. 426 Powell.nr.Sutter; tel.Black 5072.
CHINESE and Japanese employment office —
Best help. 411% O'Farrell st; tel. East 426.
RELIABLE "Japanese-Chinese employment of-
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton: Main 518S.
E5IPLOYMENT WANTED FEMALE.
FIRST-CLASS second girl desires situation in
country; ref. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
FIRST-CLASS waitress wants a position at
the springs. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
FIRST-CLASS Swedish cook desires situation;
best city ref. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter St.
ALL-ROUND cook and male help; can take
chef s place or full charge of kitchen: English,
French or German cook; first-class pastry;
first-class hotel reference. 242 Natoma st
STRONG, good, willing woman; great house-
cleaner; can do most any kind of work; good
references; wages $1 per day. and car fare.
88 Third St., room 10, upstairs. V; ?,.:
A GOOD woman wishes situation to do house-
work in city or short distance in country; is
good cook and laundress. 227 Minna st.
RELIABLE woman desires washing or house-
cleaning by the day. '15 Oak Grove ave., off
Harrison at, between Fifth and Sixth. . ¦•:• ¦ -"
A LADY wishes a position to care for invalid
or old couple. Call at 1744 Market st
FIRST-CLASS dressmaker from New York
wishes engagements in families; beautiful
gowns made; satisfaction guaranteed. S02
Geary st. ¦ '
WANTED— A position as managing housekeep-
er by a competent woman; has a little girl;
good references. Call at 1027ft Market St.,
room 9. '
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st, near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to
$6 week; convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry. -
RELIABLE woman, good cook, wishes posi-
tion; general housework; no postals; city pre-
ferred. Address 7 Hunt St., off Third. . i : ;.
MISS GILLIGAN'S dressmaker tailor system
taught 10 Metcalf place, near Mason St., oft
Geary. |
MIDDL-AGED woman would like to do general j
housework or assist; no objection to children.
Call 22 Page st. I
A GERMAN girl, 14 years old, wishes position
to do light housework In a Catholic family.
Box 3494. Call office.
FIRST-CLASS dressmaker, late of New York, i
wishes engagements for $2 the day. Apply ]
MRS. N. WAHLQUIST. 509 Kearny st. j
GERMAN girl wants a situation in a private
family. Apply 2107 Hearst ave., Berkeley.
AN elderly woman— Situation to do light
housekeeping or wait on lady. 118 Grant ave.
LADY would like work by the day. Address
box 4306. Call office. .
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
Fubscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st. '
EMPLqYMKXT^AVAyTED-—MALE.
STEAMBOAT men; will pay bonus for Job as
assistant steward on deep-water ship; have
been to sea before. Please address E. N.,
"Winchester House,. Third st," San Francisco.
GROCERY clerk wishes position; good refer-
ences. Address C. H.. 2222 Jackson st
CONFECTIONER and ornamenter wants a po-
sition. Address 500 Kearny st.
SITUATION wanted by engineer; 15 years' ex-
perience 1 in the city on Corliss engines, high-
speed and electric machinery, elevators. Ad-
dress box 3455. Call.
COACHMAN engaged for short tipe seeks en-
gagement with first-class family; good pay;
no gardening; good references. Address,
stating terms, box 2263. Call Office. Oakland.
GARDENER, first class, single, of long experi-
ence in landscape gardening, growing of
flowers and greenhouse work wishes a situa-
tion on a private place. Box 3523. Call.
SITUATION wanted by young man 26 year« of
age; stationary, portable or traction engines;
5 years' expe^ence. Call or address at Win-
chester Hotel, Third st, | room 324.
YOUNG man wishes position as bartender; can
speak ¦ English and German ; has had expe-
rience: city or country. Box 4302, Call office.
AN experienced oil-well driller wants position;
. can give references' as to ability. Address
R., room 69, Golden West "Hotel.
JANITOR wants position; 5 years' experience ;
references; be content .with email salary.
Box 2460, Call office. . ¦• :¦¦¦• :.
WANTED— Situation in a grocery or crockery
store: 8 years' experience; good references.
Box 22G3. Call office. Oakland. -
A COMPETENT wood worker on general worl
wants a Job. Box 3430, Call office. •
BARTENDER, experienced, references, wants
place, city or country. Address box 346S, Call.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 10J8
ValTH'ia' ft. v •*.-. - ". .
_ V * FEATHE .? S . RENOVATED. " ¦ -
FEATHER pillows and mattresses steamed,
renovated. E. J. O'ROURKE, 1393 Valencia
st; phone Capp 2G82. '
FLATS TO LET. ~° .
COLE, corner Oak— One flat of 8 rooms; tiled
bathrooms and sinks; beamed and- frescoed
ceilings;, looking out on Park; marble vesti-
bule; furniture for sale, which is new and
artistically selected; open bet. 10 and 4 o'clock
every day. Key at 4C9 Cole st
PINE, 2132—6 rooms, bath; all- modern; large
back yard; fine basement. Inquire of owner. '
2134 Pine st. ; . . ; --
MODERN flat of 8 rooms and 'bath; 1S6 Tre-
mont -ave.; $27 50. Apply LANDRY C.
BABIN.,413 Kearny at.
$16— SUNNY upper flat. 6 rooms and bath; mod-
ern: 226A Thirtieth st. PATTERSON & CO..
11 City Hall ave. .
200 NOE St., corner Fifteenth— Fine upper, flat, 5 •
? rooms and bath; rent $22 EO; will be put in
. first-class condition. - . .
tZO— 2327 PINE St., -near Fillmore: sunny upper
flat. 6 rooms and bath. ASHTON & GARD-
INER, 411 Montgomery st
J25— GRAND flat. 6 large sunny rooms; modern
in every reepect. 1127 Guerrero 1 st, between
23d and 24th.
1929-33-35 OFARRELL Bt, near Scott— 3 at-
. tractive flats, 5, 6 and 7 rooms each ; rents
reasonable. "• - , •; " :
A— NEW - marine view, sunny. 8- rooms, • bath.
2414 Van -Ness ave., near Union st.\
FLAT of '4 rooms, bay-window: and 1 bath; $12.
716 Natoma at.'. > bet; , Eighth and Ninth.
APPLY Sutter. 2300— 6 sunny rms. ;: appreciated
if seen: $22 B0: water free; please Investigate. ; :
BRUCE place. 14; oft Folsom st:, between ; Sev-
enth and Eighth— 4 rooms and bath; rent $11.' \
LOWER flat,: 6 rooms and bath; wooden mantel
and yard ; rent $18. J 341' Grove st. "¦-" -. ' , .
RENT. $22 SO— Middle flat of 224 Thirteenth St.,
- near Howard; 5 rooms. and bath. '¦:
SHRADER, 729^Elegant* upper '.flat; 6 rooms
and 3 attic rooms; -latest Improvements ; ; $35.
$27 50 — FLAT, .7 large sunny '• rooms; : garden.
S. 1S09 Devisadero st, between Bush and Pine. ;
FLATS TOT LET— FURNISHED. ;:¦
FOR SALE— Elegantly furnished 4-room flat;
¦ bath;: nesr'Pleasanton; $350; part cash if de-
sired; rent $_. " 710 Jones -st.- > '.. .
flats; wanted. :
WANTED, by family of. 3 adults, carpeted or
furnished flat of 6 or 7 rooms and bath, near
. .Park.- or. downtown; rent not over $35.' Ad-
dress box 001. Call office. .
__KUUXITUKK_FO K SALE.
HOWARD. 11C9— 8 rooms and bath, nicely fur-
nished: on account of departure; selling at a
.bargain, y , ,
4 ROOMS furnished in oak." $48 50, -with No. 7
¦ range. King Furniture Coi, 1127-1131 Market.'
PIANO, carpets, beds and chairs for sale,. until
July 3. at hours 9 to 5. 1236 Market, r. 116.
FURNITURE W ANTED.
CAL. Auction Co., 14S2 Market — Buys furniture,
, merchandise, . etc. ; phone Jessie 2071:
BEFORE disposing of your furniture see
Golden Gate Auction Co., 93S Howard St.". "
A. WOLLPERT, 773 Mission Bt., pays highest
price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1354.
Auctioneer— L. Vincent, 1305 Larkin; tel. Polk 694;
furniture & furn'd houses bought; spot cash.
CHAS. LEVY buys your furniture, carpets,
Ptanos, etc. 1125 Market st ; tel. 761 Jeseie.
HELP WAXTED—FEMALE^
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S.. Phone Grant 185
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Chambermaid, springs , $20
Fancy Ironer, Lake Tahoe, fare paid $35
Fancy ironer, summer .resort ........$30
' Laundress, summer resort, fare paid $30
2 waitresses. State of Nevada, fare paid.. $20
2 waitresses, new hotel, Santa Cruz $20
2 waitresses, springs .'...$20
2 waitresses, summer resort see party here.$20
Waitress, Colusa, fare paid $20
Chambermaid to wait, same place ...$20
Waitress. Stockton .......$20
4 waitresses, different places, Marin Co.. $20
Waitress? Oroville, fare paid ..;... $20
Waitress, Lathrop $20
Waitress, Menlo Park ." $25
4 waitresses, different places. Shasta Co.... $20
Waitresses, mining 'towns, fares paid. ......$20
2 waitresses, summer resort, short distance. $20
Waitress. Redwood City $20
Cook. Redwood City $40,
Chambermaid to wait, same place...... ....$25
..l FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Cooks, housegirls. second girls, ranch I cooks,
nurse girls can .obtain 'Positions in this de-
partment at wages from $10 to J25. . ,
C. R. HANSEN & CO ...104 Geary st.
A NURSE for an institution, country, $30;
chambermaid for an institution, country, $25;
second cook, institution, $35; woman dish-
washer, country ' hotel. $20 and fare paid. C.
R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary St.-
LYDIA FORRESTER, the pastry cook, call at
once or send address to C. R. HANSEN &
CO., 104 Geary st
MRS. M. E. DAY....: Phone Main 1575
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Head waitresses '. $25 and $35
6 waitresses, first-class springs, free fare.. $20
5 waitresses, coast resorts, free fare .$20
3 waitresses, first-class commercial hotel.. $25
.18 waitresses, different commercial hotels —
...$20 and $25
9 waitresses, city hotels $20
5 chambermaids to wait dinner ,$20
Chambermaids, rooming-house
$25, and $7 week
Chambermaid to wait, country, fare paid.. $25
MRS. M. E. DAY 335 Geary st.
A— NEAT young saleslady for retail store for
extra work; short hours; good pay. MRS. M.
E. DAY. 335 Geary st. ,
A— 5 YOUNG girls for factory; light work; $3
to $4 and increase. MRS. M. E. DAY. 335
Geary Bt. . ¦¦.:> :¦:•??
A— HOTEL GAZETTE, 26 Montgomery, room 12
— 2 waitresses, springs, free fare, $20; cham-
bermaid, $20.
WANTED— Experienced operators on ladles'
wrappers; electric potver: steady work.
MARKS BROS.. J212 Market St.
GIRL wanted for plain cooking and general,
housework; small family. Call Monday, 3816
• Baker st.
EXPERIENCED apprentices; custom coats;
steady work; well paid -while learning. 535
California st., room 8. r /.
WANTED— Experienced nurse. Call between
10 a. m. and 2 p. m. at the Bradbury. 1604
California st.
WANTED— A' girl In store who understands
n,v,-lng, and ladl?s to take sewing home on
skirts. Apply 937 Market st.
WANTED— First-class saleslady for hosiery
and corset department. Box 4308, Call.
FANCY goods saleslady; must be Al; city ref-
erences. Box 34%, Call.
A MIDDLE-AGED woman for general house-
work; wage3 $20. 718 Stelner st.
TAILORESS wanted on custom coats. 318
Third st . . ¦ ' . ' ' -
"WANTED — A girl - for cooking and - general
housework. 1709 Geary st.
DISHWASHER at 511 Brannan st; call early;
no Sunday "work. . ¦
WANTED — Girl to assist in general housework.
Apply 1957 Pine St. ¦
A GIRL for light housework. 1068 Market St.,
urstalrs.- : : .
GIRL for upstairs work; assist -with baby; J15.
2520 Green St., between Scott and Devisadero.
SALESLADY wanted. Apply 1400 Stockton st.
- ' Dry goods store. " :..'-: ¦
WANTED — Good finisher; steady work on cus-
tom coats. S27 Market St., room 623. .
WANTED— A girl with good experience In coat
making. 1175 A Market st .
WANTED — Girls at the Contra Costa Laun-
dry. Oakland, Cal.
WANTED— Neat waitress. Call in morning at
649 Minna st. . . -
WANTED— Lady typesetter. 1236 Market st,
room 123. -
WANTED— Two ladles to" travel; salary. $18 a
week and all expenses; no canvassing; $25
cash eecurlty required; references exchanged.
Room 100, Royal House. . .iv'
WANTED— Experienced alteration hands on
cloaks and suits; competent to do first-class
work. Apply HALE BROS. ¦ ,i -,v
GIRL for ' general housework; references re-
quired; German or Swede preferred. Call be-
tween 10 and 12 a. m. at 214 Fillmore st.
WANTED at once— First-class saleswoman;
: must be over 30 and intelligent. Box . 3487,
Call. '
WANTED— A lady stenographer who writes a
gcod hand; salary $20 a month. Address G.
P. P., box 3453, Call. «
GIRL ., for. general housework in Belvedere;
good wages. Apply 21 Eleventh St., Mon-
from 10 to 12.
WANTED— Waist' hands and a young girl to
learn dressmaking at MME. NELSON'S. 1017
. Geary st. "
"WANTED — Ladles can make $3 per day during
spa»e hours; new goods; fast seller; • great
opportunity. Box 3472. Call office. .
OPERATORS wanted at Levl Strauss & Co.'s
overall factory, 32^4 Fremont st Apply to
MR. DAVIS. ¦¦
BUTTONHOLE operators to operate on Singer
machine at Levi Strauss & Co.'b overall fac-
• tory. Z2\_ Fremont st. Apply to MR, DAVIS.
GERMAN girl for general housework; 3 adults:
• 1 child; -wages $20. 1904 Octavla rt., near
Broadway. . ; .
GERMAN girl wanted; light housework; good
.wages.- Call between 2 and 6 p. -m., 2314
California at . ' - , ' .- ¦¦ ;
WANTED— A girl for general housework; must
have references. Apply 622 Fifteenth st, Oak-
land. ' . . ¦'. ', . ' : "¦'.'•
RELIABLE Protestant .'girl; general house-
work; ; treated as one of the family.- 222
Dolores . Bt. ¦¦¦:•'¦
WANTED— Experienced " girl for bindery; good
wages paid. MYSELL- ROLLINS CO., 22 Clay.
GOOD girl wanted to learn bookbinding.' . MY-
SELL-ROLLINS CO., .22 Clay St. , .. - '
WANTED— Experienced girl for bindery; good
wages paid. MYSELL-ROLLIN3 CO.. 22 Clay.
FINISHERS on coats. BELASCO & HARRIS
CO.. 541 Market st. , . .. .¦- '- ¦
IRONERS, JS per week. Call Tuesday at HZ
Nicholas Laundry, 3066 Seventeenth St., '
TEN swell dressers; good conversers; good
money: 10 a.m. : 1063 Howard st. .¦".. _'.- ¦ :
YOUNG I girl to assist with housework ; wages
?10. 2116 Lyon st, near Washington.
APPRENTICE girls for finishing; pay. S. F.
MFG. CO.. 523 Market et. .
GOOD girl wanted to learn bookbinding. MY-
. SELL-ROLLINS CO.. .2} Clay st.
WOMAN wanted for housework 3 half-daya in
.-.each week." 622 Golden: Gate: ave. .. .;
WANTED— A lady to assist In light housework;
good . home. . Call after 2 -p. m.. 116 Taylor st.
WANTED— Neat young girl In restaurant; good
pay; no experience; close Sunday. 496 Fourth.
WAITRESS wanted; $S a week. People's Res-
taurant, , 631iCIay~.st.-. •* ;
GIRL for cooking and to assist in housework;
wages . $20. • 1023 O'Farrell. -' -' „ . •./
SALESLADY, wanted for fancy and dry goods
: store. • ¦. Box '; 3473. : Call • office. ; ¦ ' .t -" '
EXPERIENCED fronts hands on negligee
:, shirts. 27, Jessie st. fifth floor. .. -• , .
2 LADY solicitors; good address; salary paid.
Ladles' Home Journal, 59 Columbian building.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
; received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore st
HELP W.VMED-MALE.
MURRAY sr^KAVY^~"^.". : PhoneUtLialSii
- ... Leading Employment ; and Labor Agents. . .
.....; COME ONE— CO1IE ALL'
. COME EVERYBODY
.........Office Ocen 7 a. m. Monday
We ship R. R. men morning, noon and night
v Free Fare... To All .Parts Free Fare
50 teamsters Ukiah .Free Fare
i M laborers. Ukiah C. N. W. Ry. Co.
We want men for Shasta Co., Truckee and
Nevada ....:...."..
.A carload of men to work -on section, steel,
ballast and other gangs, S. P. R. R. Co.'s
own work, all parts of State, . Los Angeles,
. Surf, Santa Barbara divisions Free Fare
Free Fare.: .Wages $175 to $2 50 day
......... MINERS AND LABORERS
£ single hand miners, $73; - 3 miners, $55 and
found; 2 machine miners, $75 and found; 3
machine miners, $30; 10 laborers, quartz
mine, $60 and found; 6 muckers, $75; 3 min-
ers, $60; 10 drillers, $67 50; 3 powdermen ; 10
laborers, city jobs, $27 50. board and room;
15 laborers, near city, $40 and. found; 10 la-
borers/ ditch work, $2 25 to J2 50 day; 17
quarrymen, $2 to $2 50 day; 5 men to pile
wood, mining company,- $60; 4 laborers, fac-
tory work, $2 day; 6 laborers, manufacturing
. company, $32 to $40 and found, country, ' and
I hundreds of other places for laborers.... 7
.............. MECHANICAL HELP
2 locomotive firemen, $C5. see boss here; saw
filer and hammerer, sawmill, $5 day and
found; ranch carpenter,- $40 and found; 17
blacksmiths, ranches and shops; blacksmith,
shop, mining town, $3 day, see bess here; i
stone cutters, long Job, "country...
HAY AND HARVEST FIELDS ;
. .:. FARMS. DAIRIES. ETC.
759 men to work in hay and harvest fields,
.- ranches, farms, orchards, etc., $25 to $60 and
found: 68 milkers, different dairies, in all
parts of State, $30 to $40 and found; 23 chore*
men and boys, private places and ranches,
$15 to $30 and found; 5 pruners, orchard. $26
and found; 10 fruit pickers; man and wife,
$50 and found..
MISCELLANEOUS
R deckhands, steamer, $40 and found; 5 la-
borers to truck goods, $40 and found; team-
ster for mine, $40 - and found; well digger;
handy man on ranch, $30 and found; 14 sta-
blemen; 2 buggy washers; 50 teamsters;
woodchoppers, tlemakers, picket and post
makers ...»
20 men to work in woods, yards .and mills
for a large lumber company, $40 to $65 and
found : ..-. ; ,.
i HOTEL AND OTHER HELP
Cook, country hotel, $45 : cook, " institution,
;J40: second cook, mine. $35; cook's helper, $30
and found; hotel cooks; 15 ranch cooks: 6
camp cooks; 2 cooks, private family; 10 wait-
ers, city and country, hotel and restaurants:
baker's helper, country, $25 and found; dish-
washers, waiters, kitchen help of all descrip-
tion: 2 waiters, mining camp, $30 and found.
MURRAY & READY, 634-63S Clay st. v
A— 2 LOCOMOTIVE firemen, see boss here, $63.
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
ATTENTION! ~ ~
Soldiers Attention ".....'.
Soldiers Attention
Soldiers Attention
...Soldiers Attention
..Soldiers.... Attention
All of you who want work
As railroad teamsters fl
As railroad laborers $2
As railroad tunnelmen :... $2, $2 50
In California and... ..Nevada
With Free Fare.... Call
To-day '. : Monday
At C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S. 104 Geary st,
near Grant ave. • • . .
A
SPECIAL
.Railroad Men....... To-day Railroad Men
FOR UKIAH
FOR UKIAH
Teamsters, laborers and choppers..
Wages $2 a day
....Office fee 50c for to-day only ,.
Free Fare .• Free Fare
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary st.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S 104 Geary st
•Wanted. 1000 men for new railroad work
Teamsters, laborers, choppers, drillers, muck-
ers and tunnelmen for
Ukiah
Nevada
Truckee
Coast Road
.Chatsworth Park (Big Tunnel)
Wages from $1 75 to $2 50 a day
Free Fare ...Ship Daily Free Fare
2 locomotive firemen, $65; 100 laborers for
ditch and levee work and handling cord wood
for largo company, $2 to 12 25 a day; 30
teamsters, muckers and choremen, $35, $30
and $25; 10 asphalt miners and laborers, $2 a
day and board: 30 laborers, near city, $2 a
day; edgerman, $50; 10 lumber pliers, $35,
country sawmill: tool . sharpener, railroad
camp, .$2 CO a day, free fare; blacksmiths,
country. $40 and $45:
Furnacemenr $4; feeders, $4; helpers, $3;
dumpers, $2 70: car men, $2 70 and $3; labor-
ers, $2 40 to $3; also mechanics at standard
wages for large mining and smelting com-
pany, north, see boss here.
.HOTEL DEPARTMENT.
• Ehampooer, springs, $35; 10 second cooks,
broilers and fryers, $60, $50 and $40; young
man with some experience to learn confec-
. toner's trade, country hotel, $25 and free
fare: 10 waiters*- for springs, resorts " and
country hotels; 20 dishwashers and kitchen
hands, - $30 and . $25.
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary st.
A BARBER for springs. C. R. HANSEN &
CO., 104 Geary st
AT THE CAL. EMPLOYMENT AGENCY,
¦ 59 Third st., near Call bldg. Phone Bush 405.
100 railroad laborers. S. P. Co.'s own work,
L. A. and Santa Barbara div..$l 75, $2 50
100 men for Ukiah, new road
50 railroad teamsterp, Ukiah $2 per day
FREE FARE
Office fee for above $1
10 tunnel men $3 per day
50 rock drillers $2 50 per day
100 laborers .'...$2 23 per day
10 harvest hands , $2 per day
5 teamsters, city, board at home.. $2 per day
10 lumber pliers.... $35 per month and board
10 men for rock quarry $2 23, free fare
-Swiss cheesemaker big wages
FRUIT farmer and wife. $50; men and wives,
private families; coachman, $35; farmers, $25
and $30; milkers, $30 and $35; choremen, $20
and $25; teamsters, $2 day; sheepherder, $25;
Eastern fanner, $30 to $37 50 month: assist-
ant dairyman for Santa Barbara County, $30:
4 laborers, short distance, $2 25 day, company
work; cooks, waiters, dishwashers, tamale
maker and others. J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
623 Sacramento st. .
SAN FRANCISCO EMPLOYMENT OFFICE.
323 Kearny st. — 60 R. R. laborers, Ukiah and
Santa Barbara, free fare; 25 laborers for saw-
will; 15 tlemakers and woodchoppers; 10 la-
borers for quarry near city, $2 25; first-class
razor-grinder, $4 a day.
A — HOTEL GAZETTE, 26 Montgomery, room 12
—First-class restaurant short order cook, $75;
night clerk, $15; second cook, . $60, . for hotel.
JOURNEYMEN Barbers* International Union
meets to-night, 8:30, 32 O'Farrell I. Less. Sec.
JOURNEYMEN Barbers' International Union—
Free employment. 927 Market St., room 207.
.1. LEES. Secretary; telephone Jessie 117i.
"WANTED for U. S. Army— Able-bodied un-
maiTled men between ages of 21 and 35: citi-
zens of United States, of good character and
temperate habits, . who can speak, read and
' write English. For information apply to Re-
cruiting Officer, 121 New Montgomery st,
San Francisco, Cal.
"WANTED— Porter for barber shop. 39% Turk
street.
BOY wanted for flower store. 15 Geary st.
"WANTED — A porter in a barbershop. Apply
111 Ellis St.,
WANTED— A bartender that is a good man to
serve a lunch. Apply 624 Seventh st.
FIRST-CLASS bootblack for barber shop; $10
per week. 238 O'Farrell st. . .
WANTED— A waiter. 613 Clay st. ; i'T. '
WANTED— Wagon woodworker. 637 Brannan.
WANTED— Bootblack, boy 16 or 18 years old,
l In barber shop. 143 Larkin. st
WANTED— A Jobbing carpenter at 1006 Sut-
ter st. . .
DISHWASHER, $25 month. 613 Kearny st.
. - \ ~ j ¦ ¦ __m - ¦ ~ ¦
FIRST-CLASS barber wanted at 1327 Pacific st
WANTED— Man for general housework. 1443
Harrison st.
WANTED— Good German waiter at 1534 Ken-
tucky st. , . -
ELEVATOR boy wanted at 29 Stockton st.
WANTED— Steady, reliable and experienced
f475 r . m Cali a of nil™ tW hakery WagOnr BOT
WANTED— Reliable young man with some
: cash; $30 month; no \ experience; no Sunday
work.: Apply Monday; restaurant, 496 Fourth.
WANTED— Steady young man to assist gener-
ally In light indoor work; $15 per week to
start; must. have $75 cash. 25 Geary, r. 1.
BOY that speaks German. J.HUSCHLER, 30€6
/Twenty-nf th . st. , near Harrison.
TEN Al. fluent talkers, good dressers. Monday
9 a. m.; big money. 1089 Howard st-
WANTED— 100 quarrymen and . rock drillers
Apply 232 Montgomery st.
GET your shoes halt-soled while waiting- 25c
- to 50c. E63 Mission st.; bet . 1st and 2d ats.
WANTED— A young ; man to do porter work
Apply at any time 30 East st. - '
GOOD boy- to r learn bookbinding. MYSELL-
ROLLINS CO., 22 Clay St.
DISHWASHER in a'restaurant '1759^4 Mission
¦street. ¦•¦_ /- ¦
WANTED— Bright boy from 16 to 18 years ot
age. Apply at HALE BROS.
YOUNG man to" 7 go on the ' road ; $150 mo. ; $600
required: 1 906 Market st.,' room 8.,
HELP ". TV ASTED^ALE^ot^ .
WANTED— Hard rock miners, wages $2 50 per
day; laborers, wages $2 per day; board Is $18
per month; doctor's fees, $1 25 per month.
Apply to the New Idria Q.- Mining Co.. Idria,
San BenitojCounty, Cal.. JAMES G. FINCH,
Superintendent.
SOMETHING entirely new; the Boston Insti-
tute ot Autoahaving; a school for teaching
men the art of shaving themselves. For par-
ticulars call at office, hours 10 to 12 a. m. and
1 to 4 and 6 to 8 p. m.. 1C5 'Ellis st, room 31.
A MAN well acquainted in this city; financial
institution; good remuneration; outside work;
references. Box S481, Call office.
WANTED— Photographer; professional, ama-
teur or apprentice, to travel. Call after 2
p. m. at 91S Market st. room 31.
ENGRAVERS wanted. California Photo-En-
graving Co., 513 Market st; steady work;
highest wages. '' • ,
1000 MEN wanted — Teamsters, rock drillers,
tunnel, brush and shovel men ¦ to wonc «>n
ditch and pipe line being constructed for tho
Sweepstake Mining Co. near Weaven.il le.
Trinity Co., Cal.; apply on work; steady
work, good board and best wages in State.
San Francisco Construction Co., 2« Mont-
gomery St.. room „. San Francisco. Cal.
WANTED— Men to learn barber trade; $60
monthly paid our graduates: two months
completes; more calls for our barbers than
we can supply: tools presented; wages Sat-
urdays; diplomas granted: busy season now;
call or write for our special offer to-day.
MOLER BARBER COLLEGE. 635 Clay st.
WANTED— At Master Bakers* Protective As-
sociation foreman, secend and third bread
bakers; also confectioners; good pay; penna-
nent positions. 127 Mason st.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. H7 Third st. ; ISO large
rooms; 25c per. night; $1 to $3 per week.
PENSION AGENT EDWARD A. BULLIS,
Past Commander Geo. H. Thomas Post No. I.
G. A. R.. room 40. Phelan bldg... gOS Market
TWO good coatmakers , and one pants maker.
Presidio, near guardhouse. -:-
200 MEN to buy suits made to order. $1 per
week.- A. B. SMITH CO.. 123 _lls st
WANTED— A drug clerk at 74 Jackson st.
SAILORS, ordinary., for ships for all parts of
the world. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st
McDONALD & PERRY have 500 pairs second-
hand shoes for sale: 50c. 241 Third st
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 563 Mission st. bet 1st and 2d sts.
WANTED— 500 men to buy new and Znd-hand
army shoes, $1 up; soling 20c up. 923 Howard.
AT cash prices for $1 per week, men's suits to
order. NEUHAUS & CO.. 115 Kearny st
MEN to learn barber trade; catalogue mailed
free. ,S. F. Barter School, 741A Howard st
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St., near Marl
- ket— TOO rooms. 25c night; reading-rooms; free,
'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements ¦ and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
HORSES AXDWAGOXS.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand 'Arcade Horse Market
327 Sixth st; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN _ DOYLK. Auctioneers. . ,
NEW $300 rubber-tire surrey, $140: handsome
double harness; sound, gentle young thorough-
bred, broken to caddie and harness; good busi-
ness buggy: all $3C0; will sell part. 125 Geary.
GOOD camping team for sale cheap; sold at
once. M. TTERNET. 450 Tenth st
DURHAM cow for sale. 132 Ninth ave.. Rlch-
mond district.
40 HEAD of work and driving horses: 3 fast
pacers. 721 Howard st
ALL kinds of wagon, buggies, carts, harness,
etc., cheap. EGAN & SON, 2117 Mission st
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single: also light
camping wagon, for wale cheap. S33 Mtawlon.
HORSES WASTED.
HORSES wanted to work on scraper Job: fcur
or five months' -work. Apply at 26 Montgom-
ery st. room 25.
HOUSES TO LET.
A — PRINTED list houses to let: send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
TENANT wanted for modern 50-room house, to
be erected on corner on Bush st, near Stock-
ton: secured lease required. Address box
3S25, Call. \
HOUSE of 7 rooms and bath; suitable for 2
families: ren" $14. 405 Greenwich st.
HOUSE of S rooms; yard. 549 Stevenson, oppo-
site new postofflce: $12.
NEWLY furnished house; reasonable; by day,
' week or month. 417 Powell.
4 ROOMS in rear to let. 20 Shipley __'_•¦'£*$
145—8 ROOMS; large 'finished basement; largi
yard. 1615 Bush St.. near Franklin.
INSTASTAXEOCS WATER HEATER.
HOT bath In ten minutes at cost of 2%c; saves
tire in range; you light your flame and by the
time you are disrobed your bath Is ready: no
danger from explosion: sold on Installments;
call and see It In operation. RIBBON
WATER-HEATING CO.. Exam, bldg.. r. 607.
LOST ASH FOITXIJ.
LOST — An alligator skin purse with name An-
abel Dewar. Return to 632 Guerrero; reward.
LOST— Between Sutter and Kearny to Second
and Mission, sealed package addressed Key-
stone "Watch Case Co.. Nineteenth and Brown
ets., Philadelphia. Pa. Finder will be re-
warded by returning to Keystone Watch Case
Co., 126 Kearny st. ; r\--v*-;i>
LOST — A pass-book with the Hlbernla Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, in the
name of CHARLES L. JENKINS; No. 127-
673. The finder will please return to bank.
LOST— A pass-book with the Hibernia Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, In the
name of JAMES F. ICENNEDT. >fo> 144-710.
The finder will. please return to bank.
Wanted— Old gold for manufacturing. O. Nolte.
• Jeweler. 248 O'Farrell. bet. Powell and Mason.
MATK1MUMAL. S
GENTLEMEN wishing to marry wealthy ladies
send 10c for latest list. MRS. HERTZ. 706 Ellis
MATTRESSES AND PILLOW!).
TO order, also cleaned and sterilized, uphol-
stery; Al carpet cleaning; honest work guar-
anteed. HOPKE BROS., 411 to 415 Powell St.;
tel. Bush 421. - - ".-
MINKS AND MINING.
DIVIDEND paying mining stocks at 3c, 5c and
10c per share; send for prospectus. Pacific
States Mining nnd Investment Co.. 226 Post at.
______
A— RENOWNED specialist; those who desire to
obtain results promptly; I treat ladles only;
my regulator has no equal; all classes of fe-
male complaints relieved by treatment su-
¦ perior to all others; the only treatment that
helps the unfortunate; the most obstinate
cases are immediately relieved without pain;
, no other treatment will do this; the most dif-
ficult cases treated' scientific methods guar-
anteed. DR. G. W. O'DONNELL, 101S Market.
HINDOHERB home treatment; the most won-
derful, simple, sure remedies every known for
indigestion, tapeworm, neuralgia, leucorrhea.
gonorhea and all troubles of male and female
sexual organs; treat yourself; be your own
doctor: 4 months' suppository treatment $4;
maternity home; bust developer; send stamp
for circulars. 1_6 Market st, S. F.. Cal.
A TREATMENT that Is guaranteed to give In-
stant relief for all female complaints; the
longest and most obstinate cases immediately
relieved without pain; travelers helped; no
delay; consult free. MRS. DR. KOHL, 1123
Market, bet. Mason and Taylor, opp. Hale' a.
DR. AND MRS. DAVIES. 1228 Market ladles'
specialists; 32 years* practice; all cases treat-
ed by our wonderful herb remedy; a reliable
treatment, superior to any other; positive cure
guaranteed at office; patients treated can re-
turn game day; harmless; consultation free.
DR. and MRS. . GOODWIN. 1033 Market, bet
6th & 7th— Expert specialists; well known and
reliable; Za yrs experience; treatment guaranfd
to give instant relief from all female troubles-
avoid Incompetent specialists; consult tree.
A POSITIVE . cure guaranteed In all female
complaints or money returned: my regulator
.never falls; the most obstinate cases relieved
without pain: best cure; fee low; consult free
MRS. DR. ALLEN, 1113 Market.' nr. Mason.
MRS. DR. WTETH, reliable specialist; 26 yrs.'
successful practice; guaranteed treatment at
office; any ailment; home before and during
¦ confinement. 942 Post, bet. Hyde and Larkin.
T. DUFFY'S solution- guaranteed to cure all
skin diseases. NW cor. G. G. ave. & Flllmore.
. MISCELLANEOUS — FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
. INTOSH _ "WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st
BARS, back bars, mirrors, restaurant and po-
ker.tables. barroom chairs, linoleum, newaad
secend hand ; we always have a large stock of
saloon outfits on hand; S3 complete outfits on
one floor, ready made: we can ship everything
In 24 hours. J. NOONAN. 1017. 1019. 1021. 1023
Mission St.. above Sixth; write for catalogue.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear, machlnerrr en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shaftings, pulley9,
etc. WHITELAW. 216 Spear st.
i O^E Ice box for drawing cool beer. $3; nickel
¦ ; plated hot water heater, $3; phonograph with
i SO records, $13. 635 Howard st
M I S CELL ANE OUS—F^RSAJLEr-Coa.
LOT of beat silverplated Rogers Bros.* ne—
goods, several dozen spocns, forks, ivory,
plated and peart - handle table knives, ivory
and pearl handle carving sets; cream, soup and
berry spoors; . fish and oyster forks, butter
> knives, nut picks, 2 shaving mugs, syrup
N pltcher. pudding dish, castor and many other
.things;* must bei sold at once. Come linn.,
Tues. and Wed, to —11 Adeline St. Oakland.
A— $3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 73. Popu-
lar Price Hattera. 330 Kearny st, near Pine.
FIXE suits* $10; dress pants. $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st
BICYCLE"; Cleveland; good as new; latest Im-
provements; cheap. Box 3497, Call office.
AT 3c a. roll, good wall paper; paper-hanging,
painting. 1202 Webster. ; tel. Jackson 1_1.
S VERY nice parrots from Panama, $5 eac_
824 Greenwich St.. near Powell.
FOR sale— Cash register: $50. 292 Valencia st
2D-HAXD machinery all kinds bought sold,
rented, exchanged. H. S. White. SIS Mission.
SAFES— New and second hand: all sizes. THH
• WALTZ SAFE. 109-111 Market St. San Fran.
$64' MAGIC lantern and moving picture ma-
chine $37 SO. 109 Montgomery st
ONE 4-horsepower Covey engine; one 1H-
horsepower Hercules; bargain. 910 Kearny.
SAFES— New and second band. THE HER-
MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st
ENGINES and boilers; second-hand machinery.
J. BintKE. 139 3eale st
FAIRBANKS' 10- ton bay scale; jeweler's steel
lined safe, perfect order. 218 California, tt
GASOLINE engines. 2d-hand. and other siay-
chlnery bought and sold. Epsfin. BM Mission.
Gasoline or distillate engines, new A *d hand:
all sizes; guaranteed. NEWELL, M Bl__me.
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern engine* mnd
boilers bought and sold. KROGH MJ*Q. CO.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving pic
tures. BULLARD & BRE C_.,131 Post st.
"WE pax big prices for sealskins. Portland
Loan Office. 25 Stockton st
MISCELLANEOUS WAJTTg.
A. KLEIN stUl pays the best price for clothing.
bric-a-brac, etc. 109 6th; phone Folso— 10>*.
TILTON wants 2nd-hand clothing, especially
skirts, street dre—es. 154 9th: tel. Folsom __.
MOXEYTO ¦ L OA3r.
ANY amount at 6 per cent; 1st. 2d and t& mort-
gages ; undivided interest In real estats la
probate, mortgages and legacies bought; no
delay: get my terms before doing business
elsewhere. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery;
st, room 3. .
A — MONEY to loan at rates which people can
afford to pay on furniture, pianos, eta; do
not borrow of your friends or you will lo*»
their friendship; do business with strangers
and you will be better satisfied; no delay; no
publicity. Rooms 9 and 10, XX Market St.
IF YOUR PROPERTY "
IS MORTGAGED
and you need more money, see H. MURPHY.
630 Market st Loans on estates In probate.
undivided Interests In estates, second mort-
gages. etc. - _
ANY proposition, any amount; « per cent; first,
second mortgages, estates In probate, later eat
in estates, legacies, corporation loans, chattel
mortgages and securities. Room 16, 1st floor.
Chronicle building. HALLORAN & OLSEN.
ANY amount at 6%: first. 2d and 3d mortgages.
undivided Interest real estate In probate;
mortgages and legacies bought; no delay; get
my terms before doing business elsewhere. R.
McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery st. room 3.
HIGHLY respectable. ¦ private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store, 948 Market
st; tel. Main 1SU. Branch 19 Third st
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watches, jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL. 10 Sixth;
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc., by privats
party; no removal; no commission; confiden-
tial. Room 3. Conservatory bldg.. 301 Jones.
ON furniture, pianos; no removal; money
quick; lowest Interest; easy terms; no broker-
age; reliable party. 1170 Market st. room S3.
DEAL direct: furniture, pianos; no removal;
low rate;strictly private. Lick.115 McAllister.
ONE per cent on furniture: $3 a month on each
ilOOO: any security. 3C3 Montgomery st. r 1.
3% on furniture and pianos; $15 up: no removal;
no commission; private. Room 81. 8 Eddy st
ON salaries or wages: no indorser required. S.
F. DISCOUNT AGENCY. 143 Phelan building.
MONET loaned salaried people without security.
HILL, rm. 44. Merchants' Ex., 431 California.
LOANS money on salary; no indorser; Eastern
plan. Western Loan Co.. 309 Phelan bldg.
$10O,0CO TO loan on real estate or for building;
low rate. 222 Sansome St., room 2.
THE Tousley Company; loans and discounts.
321 Parrott building.
CASH loaned to nalarled people on note without
indorser. MORRELL. 6C9 Examiner building.
MUSICAL IXSTRUMEXTS. I
Wic have decided to ofTer every one who buys
a new piano from us during the month of
July a special cut In price amounting to
about 30 per cent discount for cash purchases
and 20 per cent on Installments where all
payments are closed up within two years;
our regular prices have always been consid-
erably lower than many houses charge for
same class of goods and there will be no
raise to offset the cut; Just think what this
means to you— a $300 piano for $350. $400 for
$2S0. $300 for $210: call and see the Instru-
ments. Decker, Baumeister. Smith «t Barnes
and Marshall & Wendell. THE ZENO MAU-
VAIS MUSIC CO.. 769 Market st. '
Packard pianos.
Everett pianos.
They are the beat snd for sale only by the
new piano house. WILEY B. AX_BN CO.,
S33 Market St., S. F. (Oakland branch, 951
Broadway.)
ALL pianos purchased of SHERMAN, CLAT
& CO. may be exchanged for a new Stein— ay
upright or baby grand piano any time within
S years from date of purchase, and have full
price allowed. New upright planoa. $8 per
month: some good pianos sold for $3. 14 and
$5 per month. SHERMAN. CLAT tt CO..
Steinway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
sts.. San Francisco; corner Broadway and
Thirteenth st, Oakland.
REMOVAL of KEEFFE'S piano store from
Mjarket at to our large and elegant quarters.
314 Post st, opposite Union square. Are now
prepared to offer several new makes and all
of our old stock at greatly reduced prices.
JAS. KEEFFE. 314 Post st. between Stock-
ton and Powell.
ANT piano sold by us taken back any tlm •
within 3 years and full purchase price al-
lowed, on a new peerless Krube at regular
price; costs you only 20c a dayto buy a
piano from us. KOHLER & CHASE. 30
O' Fan-ell St.: establlahed 1SSO.
A LIST of fine second-hand bargains— 1 Emer-
son. 1 Hallet & Davis. 1 Conover, I Cortaz, 1
Sterling, $73. $125, $145. eta.: easy payments.
~~BENJ. CURTAZ _ SON. 18 CFarreH st.
Chlckering. Vote, Sterling Agency; also
Apollo, king of self-players.
ALL makes; great bargain: *50 up; rents S3
up allowed; we want agents; pianos furnished
free: you get first idoney when you sell.
HEINE PIANO CO.. 217 Geary st
BARGAINS— Halnes. £80: Kramer. $133: Nleu-
mann, $140: Cable, £75. W. C. HAMILTON,
8 Flood building.
IF you wish flrst-cBs* repair work done call
and Inspect our -_tory. BTRON MATJ2T.
303 Post st. / .
ELEGANT stand»*d upright piano; little used:
party leaving cU! sacrifice. 782 Ellis st
"WANTED— Steir^ay upright: rood cash prlc»
- for good plan*-? no dealers. Box 3519. CaU.
GOOD secondhand upright for sale cheap.
SCHMITZ. if — cAlllater gfc
LEFT on so«*- Chickertng upright Uk* new.
$183. Koo— "38, 217 Geary St. ____'
A SPLENrlD Steinway; nrrlrht* $1CO; pianos
rented KJ upward. BRUENN 1 . 208 Post at. ,
jSO—FINF'uprlsrht: baby grand Etelnway: other
makes. /FAT'S Piano Factory. 1723 .Mission.
A LAK~ lot of second-hand upright' pianos
for sa* cheap. HORNTJNO'3. 216 McAllister.
J3 PER* month rents a beautiful piano. SCOTT-
CUT.TAZ PIANO CO.. 560 Haves st
$117— MAHOGAXT caae Fischer upright. 217
Gy»ry st.. room 38.
A S"INE upright piano for sale cheap. 837 Mc-
,ilH.«t»r st. /
J»T "WILSON'S STORAGE. 1"C« Market- at., you
.can get storage pianos almost for a aonx.
ST'PERIOR violins, zither*, old and new. H.
arcsic poxes.
MUSIC BOXES— Paul Monaco, expert, and the
best repairer nnd m<*ker on the ccaxt for 15
: years: fine Swfss an.! American m "ste boxes
a specialty. T69 Market st. bet. 3d and 4th.
south »Met thoroughly understands h'.s busi-
re«m «>nr* th" rli»bt r>»rtv tn deal with. "-
OFFICES AND STORES TO 'LET.
LIGHT, cheerful offices: $13 and tSO. _n_a
Spreckels building. £27 Market st. .
STORE and 5 living rooms: sunny, modern.
SSOS Seventeenth st, near Sanchei.Temperature— 7 a. m., 54.
CALL CALENDAR.
The pressure 13 very low over the country
west of the Rocky Mountains. It has fallen
over the North Pacific States and risen over
California. 'Arizona and Nevada.
The temperature has fallen over the Paciflo
Slope except in Oregon and Washington, where
there has been a slight rise. It fcr about ten
degrees above the normal in the Interior of
Conditions are favorable for fair and some
what cooler . weather In California Monday,
with fog along the coast Monday evening-.'
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours, ending midnight. July 1. 1901: .
Northern California— Fair Monday: cooler
fresh southwest wind, with fog along the coart
Southern California— Fair Monday; fresn
W Nevada— Fair Monday: cooler. In south por
tion; fresh northwest wind.
Utah— Fair; cooler Monday; fresh northwest
W Arizona— Fair Monday: fresh southerly wind.
San Francisco and vicinity-Fair Monday;
fresh southwest wind, with fog in the after
n/inn ¦ . G. H. WlLiLioU.'i,
LoC al Forecast Official.
FORECAST.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL.
THE COAST RECORD.
Weather Report.
<120th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
BAN FRANCISCO. June 30, . 5 p. m.
The following maximum temperatures were
reported from stations In California to-day:
Eureka, — ; Mount Tamalpals, 80: .San Luis
Obispo, 74; Red Bluff. 98: Fresno. 104'; Los An
geles, 86; Sacramento, 96; Independence. 83;
San Diego, 64. • ... . ¦
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
65; minimum. 52; mean. 58. t
THE SAN FRANCISC^CALL, MONDAY, JULY 1, 1901;
9
STATIONS.
¦ /* '¦
n
p
o
B
¦a
- J?
S ,K O.
3g33 s*&
9: 3 g. 3
' 3E
1
Astoria Y. 30.06 62 48 NW Clear 0
Baker .............29.94 64 42 NW Clear 0
¦•arson ..„ '.29.64 86 60 W Clear 0
Fresno'..;...- 29.52 108 72 NW" Clear 0
Flagstaff 29.76 88 52 feK Pt.Cldy 0
Pocatello, Idaho.. 29.78 72 54 W Clear 0
Independence ....29.42 100 .. SE Clear 0
Los Angelea 29.72 86 60 S Clear 0
Fhoenix 29.50 106 74 NW Clear 0
Portland 29.94 68 60 NW Clear 0
Red Bluff ».54 93 74 N Clear 0
Roseburg 29.88 70 44 N Clear 0
Sacramento 29.54 98 78 SW Clear 0
Bait Lake '... 29.68 88 68 NW Clear 0
3an Francisco ....29.72 64 52 SW Clear 0
San Luis Oblapo..29.74 76 50 W Clear 0
3an Diego 29.74 64 60 SW Cloudy 0
Seattle 30.06 63" 48 NW Clear .01
Spokane 29.96 70 42 S Pt.Cldy , 0
NTeah Bay 30.06 60 48 NW Clear 0
Walla Walla 29.94 74 48 N- Clear T.
iVlnnemucca 29.60 78 50 N Clear 0
fuma 29.54 106 76 SE Clear 0
July, 1901.
1 W.IT. IF. IS.
Moon's Phases.
©
July 1. -
Full Moon.
7 8 9 10 U_ _». ft ,
IT ~li"j 16 |_17_ _1S_ _19_ _20^ —
IT "^2~l~23~| 24 23 26 27 ©
I July 3.
Last Quarter.
July 3.
Last Quarter
July 15.
New Moon.
J 1 1 ,^ July 23.
23_ JJ_ _30_ _31_ | S Ftrst Q Uar ter,
_!_U-!-UI©"
July 31,
Full Moon.
July, 1901.
1 W.IT. IF. IS.
Moon's Phases.
©
July 1. -
Full Moon.
7 8 9 10 U_ _». ft ,
IT ~li"j 16 |_17_ _1S_ _19_ _20^ —
IT "^2~l~23~| 24 23 26 27 ©
I July 3.
Last Quarter.
July 3.
Last Quarter
July 15.
New Moon.
J 1 1 ,^ July 23.
23_ JJ_ _30_ _31_ | S Ftrst Q Uar ter,
_!_U-!-UI©"
July 31,
Full Moon.
STATIONS.
¦ /* '¦
n
p
o
B
¦a
- J?
S ,K O.
3g33 s*&
9: 3 g. 3
' 3E
1
Astoria Y. 30.06 62 48 NW Clear 0
Baker .............29.94 64 42 NW Clear 0
¦•arson ..„ '.29.64 86 60 W Clear 0
Fresno'..;...- 29.52 108 72 NW" Clear 0
Flagstaff 29.76 88 52 feK Pt.Cldy 0
Pocatello, Idaho.. 29.78 72 54 W Clear 0
Independence ....29.42 100 .. SE Clear 0
Los Angelea 29.72 86 60 S Clear 0
Fhoenix 29.50 106 74 NW Clear 0
Portland 29.94 68 60 NW Clear 0
Red Bluff ».54 93 74 N Clear 0
Roseburg 29.88 70 44 N Clear 0
Sacramento 29.54 98 78 SW Clear 0
Bait Lake '... 29.68 88 68 NW Clear 0
3an Francisco ....29.72 64 52 SW Clear 0
San Luis Oblapo..29.74 76 50 W Clear 0
3an Diego 29.74 64 60 SW Cloudy 0
Seattle 30.06 63" 48 NW Clear .01
Spokane 29.96 70 42 S Pt.Cldy , 0
NTeah Bay 30.06 60 48 NW Clear 0
Walla Walla 29.94 74 48 N- Clear T.
iVlnnemucca 29.60 78 50 N Clear 0
fuma 29.54 106 76 SE Clear 0
¦ OIL.
CALISTOOA Oil and Development Company;
operating on 2120 acres of oil land In ntn«
districts. Office, rj and 14 Merchant*' Ex.
COSTA RICA— Last chance at 10c; big advance
ii*. a few days. Pacific States Mining and
Investment Co.. 326 Post.) Open evening*.
OIL tasks, second hanflJ in good order; all
slges; cheap. H. S. WHITE. 616 Mission tt.
V A UI I STEY.
MME. GERMAINE. the business palmist of
the Pacific Coast: 1 to E. 906 Market Bt.
II. JEROME FOSSELLL scientific palmist, 615
Taylor St.. b»t- Geary and Poet; tel. Black S6L
MRS. LAMB, scientific palmist and character
reading; lessons in claw and private. 617 Jones.
PAIXTKRS AXD DECORATORS.
PAPER-HANGING, house painting: good rell-
able work. Clark 1 *-. WH» Tjirkln- t>1.Lwrkin 10«ft
______
CALIFORNIA AERIAL NAVIGATION CO.^
successors to Stanley Aerial Navigation Co..
Is now building its great Fhlp of the air -at
its shipyard, corner of Fell and Baker Bts.;
a limited number of chares for a limited time
i« now being offered to the public at $2 per
Fhare at its office, 306 Pine st., room 3; call
for particulars.
A— IF your hair Is falling or you are bald, call
on DIL O. S. MOORE. 4S8 Geary Bt.. and you
will not be disappointed; this remedy Is posi-
tively guaranteed; preparation sent to all
parts of the world; call or send for circular.
ELECTRIC light In every room— Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Market: 700 rooms;
25c -to $150 per night: $150 to $6 per week:
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
$1 WEEKLY— Suits to order from genuine
Scotch. $15 up; fine dress suits, $20 up; ele-
rant overcoats, SI 5 up. LEON LEMOS. 1117
Market et.. between Seventh and Eighth.
INVALIDS wishing to soon regain health will
find best care and treatment at 301 Franklin
et.. near Hayes: also home for ladies before
and during confinement.
Tl'HITE enamel Iron beds. Flngle, three-quarter
or doutile. S2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO.. 1210-1312 Stockton Bt., near Broadway.
A PRETTY, blonde girl baby for adoption.
MRS. PR. FUNKE. 1416 Sth st.. Alameda.
ALFREDCMS Egyptian Henna; restores gray
hair to its natural color; $1; at all druggists.
BOHEMIAN* Dermatologlcal. r. 8. 121 Post—
Electric needle used; hair and facial treatm't.
POISON oak cured In one application or no pay;
satisfaction guaranteed. <B9 Hayes st.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
electric needle. MISS EATON. 1119 Sutter st.
Ladies' and gents' caFt-oflf clothing bought and
sold. J. Silverman. 9S4 Folsom ;tel. Folsom 11S1.
TAILOR 'rriafle nult* $7 50; dress pants, $2 60.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
I>r. Harriet W^lch. S115 Bush: hours 2 to 3. ex-
eept Th.' and Sat.: electrolysis; 17 years' exper.
OLD pold, silver, diamonds and precious stones
bought. J. R. JENKEL. E17 Market st.
MASQUERADE contumes. play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 llkt.
DR. LAMOTTE'S French Corn Paint, the best
corn cure; 25c: all druggists.
FUYSICIA\S AAD Sl'RGEOXS.
DR. C. C. O' DO NNELL— Office and residence.
1C21 Market et.. between Sixth and Seventh.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, successfully
treats all diseases of the human body; see
testimonials at office. 115-117 Mason, nr. Ellis 1 .
PHYSIOGKOMY.
SCIENTIFIC delineation of character by face
or photo. Mary O. Stanton. £10 Leavenworth;
verbal read'g. >1; printed chart. 92 50; lessons.
PILES.
JCEARLY 1000 permanent cures here In your
midst: many who have suffered 20 to 30 years;
over SO names of prominent business men
eent as reference; no chloroform, surgery or
delay from business, and no salves for sale.
Particulars address Physician, box 1350. Call
office. S. F.. Cal.
REAL ESTATE CITY — FOR SALE.
J6300— TERMS to suit; very handsomely deco-
rated and sunny ID-room residence; substan-
tially built and finished by day work; even-
possible latest improvement; heaters, reglb-
ters, C basins, plate and art glass windows,
etc.; marine and park view; the choicest of
any near panhandle; large lot, 26:6x100; Ful-
ton St., near Shrader; Hayes or McAllister
st. cars.: open from U to 5.
$1200 — For sale — House of 6 large rooms; lot 25x
.100; everything In best condition; nice garden,
"yard. «tc 82 East Park st. Holly Park, near
Mission tt.
FOR SALE — Xew cottage. 4 rooms, bath, large
basement, near Union st. 3C22 Pierce St.
FOR Eale— $<2S0; 6-room cottage; desirable
home;, in warm belt Inquire 1016 Shotwell.
FOR sale — New cottage. 4 rooms, bath, lares
basement, near Union et. 3022 Pierce st.
REAL ESTATE — COUNTRY — For Snle
AN ideal country home of 23 acres; heart of
Santa Cruz Mountains; C2 miles from San
Krancisco; elevation 1£GO feet; unexcelled
place for private sanitarium; ocean view.
1453 full-bearing fruit trees, consisting of
prune, peach, cherries, walnuts, pears, apples,
f.g-s and chestnuts.
lfcOO vines in full bearing; choicest table
grapes.
' 2D00 vines; Cornlchon grapes; 2 years old.
House of S rooms, barn and outbuildings; all
furniture and farming Implements go with the
place: price $4250; J2000 can remain on mort-
gage. Address D. BRITTON,
Olympia Theater.
TWO farms of 4S0 acres each can be bought
separate or in one; all No. 1 fanning land; no
waste land; free from drought or overflow;
fine water; three good wells and living water
on each ranch; good one-story dwelling, two
large barns, blacksmith f hop and other out-
houses on each place; large shade trees,
orange trees in bearing; a few apple trees, a
fine assortment of roses and flowers; . each
rlace fenced in three fields; ten miles from
ilarysville. two miles from R. R. Ftatlon, one-
half mile from school: pood roads and good
neighbor*. For particulars address \V. B.
riLCHER. box 4GS, Marysville. Yuba Co.. Cal.
J-^OR Eale— A nice home, $2300: 6H acres In
prune orchard; also house and barn and
family orchard in Plearanton. Call at 42Vi
Clara i»t.: JOIIX STEVENS.
POULTRY end dairy ranches fcr sale; write for
free ilft. C. R. WIN-FIELD. Petaluma. Cal.
REAL ESTATE TO EXCHANGE.
TO exchang" — 3 lots in Ocean View for a lot on
Union or Filbert Bts.. west of Van Ness ave.;
will pay ca^h difference. Address W. MATH-
ESON. ;i!7 Filbert ft.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS."
AL.AMEDA REAL ESTATE. .
ALAMEDA and Fruitvale bargains fcr lnvest-
ors and house-eeekers ; on easy terms or ex-
change for city or country realty.
SPECIAL BARGAIN.
One of the fineet residences In the city: 13
rooms, 3 bathrooms, etc.: best location: fin-
ished in oak, bird3cye maple and Carolina
pine; highly decorated; lot 85x170 feet.
A. R. DENKE.
Webster-st. Station, Alameda. '
ALAMEDA COTTAGE WANTED.
WANTED— A neatly furnished cottage or
housekeeping rooms; reference. Address M.
G.. 2216 Santa CTlara ave.. Alameda.
ALAMEDA COTTAGES FOR SALE.
FOR eale— Modern cottage, t rooms; bath; lot
LOxlSO. 1618 Mozart St.. Alarirda. Mastlck stn.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMEiNTS
*
XlEItlCELEV REAL ESTATE. -
IT U an easy thing nowadays to demonstrate
that the
SUNSHINE WATER HEATERS
. Are a success, and It Is equally as easy to
nrcrve that the houses on the north side of
Prince st.. near Grov«, containing these heat-
em are the best built and cheapen houses
• ever offered for eale. Buying these
you don't have a single dollar extra tt pey—
they are ready to "^W^ol^&SoN.
Adjoining P. O., Berkeley.
fTSft-Honse and lot; near station. :\
$2780— House of C rooms; lot 50x135; near
university; a bargain. . \
Bargain, ell over^n by^
Adjoining P. P.. Berkeley. Cal.
FOR sale— In Berkeley, near university, 6 new
' modern bouses; email payment down, balance
eame as rent; lot 40x135;' street work com-
plete; lawn and garden made; 10 bearing fruit
trees on every lot; house ready to move Into;
water connected; push buttons and electric
fixtures; shades, mantels, bookcases and side-
board; C. 7 and 8 rooms, from $2600 up; grand
marine view; cement walks, porcelain tubs; 2
closets and fences. .. ,
Boarding-house. 11 rooms; very small pay-
ment flown. *
Also some houses to lease; call bet. 9 and 11
a. ro., or by appointment.
M. Ll WXTRTS.
Seventeenth, it. And Broadway, Oakland.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BKUADWAY.
. OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
FOKSALEBT A. J . SNYDER. '-^
REAL ESTATE.
467 Ninth Street, Oakland.
Cottage; 4 rooms and bath; on 33d : et., nr.
Market; lot 80x90. ' * Price $1500.
Cottage. 5 rooms and bath; on Linden Bt., no
24th; 32x135. :'i\i ' ,, Pr !, ce * 2350 '
Cottage. 5 rooms and bath; on Myrtle st.. nr.
tSth- 37:6x100. Price $2000.
Cottage. 6 rooms and bath; on Myrtle st., nr.
12th* 40x125 ,. J-- Price $2300.
Cottage. & rooms, and bath; on West st., nr.
SSth* 60x116. Price $2800.
Cottage « rooms and bath; on Sherman »t.,
nrTelflfaph ave.: 60x115. Price $2600.
Cottaee 6 rooms and bath; on Mead ave.; nr.
San Plbto ave.; 30x125 Price $2550.
Cottage. 6 rooms and bath; on West st.. nr.
28th" '8x140 xTlce $2250.
2-story house, 6 rooms and bath; on Chestnut
st. nr. ISth; S0x95. Price $2800.
2-story house 7 roomi and bath; on Filbert
«t nr 6th; 25x125. Price $1600.
2-etory house, « rooms and bath: Telegraph
ave. nV. 88th; 34x120. Price $3000.
2-story house, 6 rooms and bath; Chestnut st.,
nr. 2lst; 84x100. Price $2750.
For further particulars inquire of
A. J. SNYDER, Real Estate,
>V . 467 Ninth st.. Oakland. Cal.
$1000— LITTLE or no cash down; 415 each
month; 6 rooms, bath and basementr. eunny
side, near San Pablo avenue; street work all
done will rent for $10 per month and pay for
itself. GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO.,
1008 Broadway, Oakland.
$1800— JUST like rent; 9 rooms, bath, basement,
otc; lot 40x120; coEt $2500: sunny side: near
San Pablo ave.; J20 per month Installments;
near the local railroad station. -
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO..
1008 Broadway, Oakland.
$2500— $500 CASH: balance on easy terms; pret-
ty Eastlake cottage: 5 rooms, bath, hall, high
basement: 2 bay windows; newly painted;
nice open lawn and>eement walks; select lo-
cality; one block from Broadway; cost $3500.
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO..
1001 Broadway. Oakland.
A RETIRED banker"3 home. $8500; cost $17,000;
offer wanted; going to Europe; house. 8
rooms; half block beautiful grounds, in ele-
vated warm belt of East Oakland: fine for
invalids. Laymance Real Estate Co., 460-462
Eighth Bt.. Oakland. - -
S3S50-OFFER wanted; must fell; two-acre ideal
suburban home; latest colonial 2-story house;
full-bearing orchard: appreciated if Been.
Laymance Real Estate Co., 460-462 Eighth St.,
Oakland. j
AN attractive Telegraph-ave. home; reduced to
$5000 for quick sale: modern, 9 rooms: por-
celain bath: 60- foot lot: sunny side; absolutely
choicest offering on this street In years: we
are authorized to sell; see it. Laymance Real
Estate Co.. 460-462 Eighth st:. Oakland.
$£500— ALICE et.. Lakeside district; sacrifice;
room residence: la-rge lot: offer wanted.
Laymance Real Estate Co., 460-463 Eighth st..
Oakland. >
$300 CASH. $:t> monthly; up-to-date, modern 2-
6tory house of 9 rooms; all conveniences;
large lot. 150 ft. deep, on Fruitvale ave.; no
fogs nor raw winds: a lovely home at a bar-
gain: price all told. $2750: will make terms
to eult or discount for cash. 455 Seventh St.,
opposite Broadway station. Oakland; carriage
free. H. Z. JONES, owner.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address ill the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
OAKLAXP FUHA 1TIRE FOR SALE.^
AN Introduction to you from H. Schellhaas, the
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
REAL ESTATE WANTED.
I WANT to buy a-4ot to build a home; price
must be reasonable. Box 3304. Call office.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
AUSTIN AVE.. 102. off Polk St.— 3 tunny house-
keeplng rooms.
CENTRAL AVE.. 722. near McAllister— Three
or five rooms; furnished; housekeeping; coal
6tove. _____^__^_^^__
ELEVENTH, 84—2 sunny furnished rooms for
housekeeping. :'• ¦ -
ELLIS. 325— Housekeeping rooms; also single.
ELLIS. 639 corner Larkin — Large sunny bay-
window; use of kltcfcen: other rooms. $11 up.
FIFTH, 348— Suite of rooms for housekeeping;
rent cheap^ **
FIFTH 333— Furnished parlors, kitchen, with
bath. $J0; also 2. $10. H2; 3. $14; single. ?4 up.
FOLSOM, 834— Sunny front bay-window room
and kitchen; modern conveniences; private; $3
a week.
FOLSOM. cor. Sth — Double parlors with kitchen.
t-ink and stove; sunny; adults; $14, $16; also
single $5. ;
FOLSOM, 7T6»^ — Neatly furnished bay-window
room; also 2 connecting rooms; reasonable.
GOLDEN GATE AVE., 622—2 sunny front
rooms, furnished: gas, running water, etc.
HAIGHT, 222— Two perfectly appointed house-
Keeping rooms for couple. Tel. and references.
HOWARD. 761%— Nicely furnished bay-window
suite; -man and -wife; kitchen; others.
HYDE, 112— Just furnished, front suite, house-
keeping; also large front suite, private, bath;
other rooms: reasonable; modern. *
JESSIE, 423 — 2 complete furnished housekeep-
ing rooms to let; reasonable. . ..
JUNIPER, 2. off Folsom. bet. 10th and 11th— 3
unfurnished housekeeping rooms and bath; 1
' partly furnished; rent $9. ' - -
LEAVENTVORTH, 1521—2 or 3 rooms, furnished
or unfurnished; private family; rent cheap.
MARKET, 2129, near Guerrero— Front room fur-
nished; light housekeeping.
MINNA. 28 — Sunny furnished front housekeep-
ing rooms^candjlperweet^_____^
XATOMA, 284, near Fourth— Two furnished
housekeeping rooms; water, sink and closets.
NOE. 153— Two pleasant sunny bay-window
I corns ;modern cor, flat jgasstove. bath, grate ; . $14.
OAK, 113 — 1 large sunny front room, furnished
for housekeeping; clean; closet; 49 BO.
O'FARRELL, 776— Sunny basement rooms, com-
plete for housekeeping; large- yard; rent $S
and $13. ; ' . ¦ '.
POLK. 10C2— 3 and 5 room EUites, completely
furnished for housekeeping; $15 up; reference.
POWELL. 15— Two housekeeping rooms, $15;
other rooms.
SHIPLEY. 262. near Sixth — 3 good unfurnished
rooms; rent $8 50. < ;
SIXTH. 123%— Nicely furnished front rooms;
light housekeeping if required; gas; house
quiet. •*
EUTTER, 834 — Housekeeping rooms to let and
hall bedroom.
SUTTER, '2620— Bedroom, dining-room, kitchen;
bath: furnished complete. .
TURK, 531 — Xew house. Just opened; suites of
'Z to 10 rooms for housekeeping. • ';,,-, "¦
TWENTY-THIRD, 3723, near Dolores— 3 6unny
bay-window rooms; nice; neat; complete.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
pubscriptions has been established at 1036 Va-
lencla Et. • ' . ¦ '
ROOMS TO LET Fern, nml Unforn.
Xhl'bORiT HOTEL, 321^ Grant ave!-Best Jl a
day family hotel in city; polite attendance;
large rooms. Me up; fneals. 25c; free coach.
A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE. 148 Sixth— Rooms.
-2T,c to $1 per .night; $1 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night
A— MARKET. 1049A— Nicely furnistvd suites.
$15 per month up: singles. $5 per month up.
BURNETT. 1426 Market Cold No. 1364)— Fur-
nished rms., suites, singled; also unfurnished.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellls # cor. Mason— Elegantly
furnished, sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
EIGHTEENTH, 4543, near Douglass— Nicely
¦ furnished single and double.
FOLSOM, 5C6A— By a German family unencum-
bered; 2 Email furnished hall rooms with bath.
FOLSOM. 834— Sunny front rurnlshed room;
closet; private; with bath; $1 20 a week. ;
FRANCISCO— Elegant suites islngle with baths;
transient. MRS. KING. Turk and Taylor.
GOLDEN GATE ave., 730 — Front sunny room;
back hall room; bath; private; reasonable.
HOTEL Graystone, 66 Geary st.— New 6-story
fireproof hotel: electric light and elevator: un-
questionably the most luxuriously furnished
In the city; steam heat; private baths: one
block from Palace Hotel. Phone John 3331.
HOTEL ST. DENIS (European plan), 24 Turk
st. near Market— Central location; new build-
Ing* elegantly furnished; strictly first-class:
60c per day and upward; special rates by the
week or month; best In the city; references.
HYDE 239— Lovely large corner suites and
single rooms; private bath. .- ¦:.. . :•¦- ¦
KEARNY. 34. and 47 Post— Sunny furnished
rooms and offices; rent reasonable. •
MARKET 1015 (New Arlington)— Nicely fur-
nlshcd rooms. $2 a week up: 35c a day up.
MARTINET, 1101 Geary— Elegant suites, newly
furnished; private; bath; single rooms $10 up.
MCALLISTER. 613. near Van Ness ave.-Neat
• furnished front room, with ga« and running
water; suitable for two.
ROOMS TO LET — Furn. and Unfurn;
McCLELLAND, 200 Turk "st.— Sunny furnished
single and double rooms; also transient. -' "-•¦ ;
MINNA. 667, corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room, jl per week; transient.
MINNA, 172— Large sunny front room; suitable
for two gentlemen or man and wife. . .
MISSION, 1061— Double and single rooms to
r let; cheap, _
O'FARRELL. 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; eleo. lights ; day, week, mo.
OXFORD, 271 O'Farrell— Furnished front stilte
and single rooms, $3 week up; transient. '
POWELL, 207- (changed hands)— Nicely fur-
nlshed rms.. en suite or sin.; baths; transient.
ROYAL House, 126 Ellis— Incandescent light;
reading-room,, smoking-room and ladles' par-
lor; rooms, per night, 35c to $150; week, $2 to
J8; month, $8- to $30; elevator on ground floor;
rooms with hot and cold water; baths. ¦
SHERMAN Apartment House,' 28 Eighth st,
near Market — Furnished or. unfurnished.
STEVENSON. 642, between Seventh and Eighth
—Furnished sunny front room; bath; central.
STOCKTON. 232-The Ottington— Few choice
suites and several small rooms; cheap.
BUNBERQ, 315 Ellis— Nice sunny rooms, en
suite or single; hot and cold water; meals
optional. ¦ ¦ / •
THIRD. 334— Nicely furnished front rooms; also
single and housekeeping rooms; reasonable.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branchofflce. 2200 Flllmore. st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
pubscriptions has been established at 1098
Valencia st.
ROO11S AMI HO % HI)..
AN exceptional tablej pleasant/rooms; good
service; popular rates. S07 California st.
THE Roanoke, 808 Bush— New house: newly
furnished; suites with bath; perfect illumina-
tion; private dining apartment; elevator serv-
ice; cars to all parts of city within stone's
throw of door. . ¦ . ¦• " ¦'. ¦
PINE, 1222 (old Ralston home)— Elegantly fur-
nished sunny rooms, en suite and single, with
board. ,
THE Victor. 1006 Pine— New management; thor-
oughly renovated; sunny suites with board.
THE Crocker, 915 Leavenwo: th — Fine sunny
rooms, single and en suite: beautiful grounds.
THE HEATH, 312 Eddy— Nicely furnished sunny
front rooms, en suite, single; excellent cuisine.
HOTEL Repelier. '781 Sutter— Newly furnished;
excellent table; special rates to tourists.
HOTEL Lus Palmas. 1820 Market— Suites, 2 or
Z rooms, bath, connecting; board optional...
TWO young ladles or boys to board | in private
family: $3 50 per week. 25 Minna st. '
ROOMS WANTED.
GENTLEMAN desires room, with or without
board, in a desirable -locality; -Western Addi-
tion. Address box 34S4, Call T>fflce.
WANTED— By two adults; small 6uite fur-
nlshed housekeeping roomg. Box -3492, Call.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made:
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 415 Montgomery St., rooms 9-19, tel. 6580.
DISEASES and ailments of men treated; con-
sultation free. American Dispensary, 611 Pine.
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged, re-
palred: open even.: phone Black 1124. 205 4th.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co..
office Post and Powell sts.; tel. Main 6713. "
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse, S40 Mis-
sion St.; tel. Howard 941. F. W. ZEHFUSS.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 722 Mission et.;
tel. Main 1840; shipping at cut rates.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Fillmore St.: phone Jackson 281./
TO LEASE. f:
TO rent or lease — 200 acres of land In Santa
Clara County; partly cleared; near school and
railroad. Box 3498. Call. - . '
TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARGAINS IN TyPEWRiTERS^We
cell better machines for less money than any
house in the city; rentals, $3. The Typewriter
Exchange. CSS California; telephone Main 2C8.
RENT a new Franklin typewriter for Jl week
and have your work In sight. CUTTER
TOWER CO.. S02 Montgomery; tel. Black 4S85.
HARTFORD typewriters; new, $60: anti-trust;
. all makes:, used machines. $10 up. 209 Sansome.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.,
DIVIDEND notice— The Giant Powder Com-
pany, consolidated— A dividend, No. 31, o r .
seventy-five cents (75c) per share on the Is-
sued capital stock of the' company has been
declared payable at the office of the com-
pany, 435 California st., San^Francisco. on
July 10, 1901. Transfer books close July 3,
1901. at noon. A. A. SPARKS,* Secretary.
DIVIDEND Notice— Dividend No. 29 (thirty
cents per share) of the Paauhau Sugar Plan-
tation Company will be payable at the office
of the company, S27 Market St., on and after
WEDNESDAY, July 10, 1901. Transfer books
closed Saturday, June 29, 1901, at 12 o'clock
m. E. II. SHELDON. Secretary.
DIVIDEND Notice— Security Savings Bank, 222
Montgomery St.. Mills building— For the half
year ending June 29, 1901, dividend on term
deposits at the rate of three and six- tenths
(3 6-10) per cent per annum, and on ordinary
deposits at the rate of three (3) per cent per
annum, free of taxes, will be payable on and
after July 1, 1901.
S. L. ABBOT JR., Secretary.
OFFICE of the Hibernia Savings and Loan
Society, corner Market, McAllister and Jones
sts., San Francisco, June 28. 1901 — At a regu-
lar meeting of the board of directors of this
society, held this day. a dividend has been
declared at the rate of three and one-eighth
<3%%) per cent per annum on all deposits
for the six months ending June 30, 1901, free
from all taxes, and payable on and after
July 1/ 1901. . ' '
ROBERT J. TOBIN, Secretary.
SAVINGS and Loan Society, 101 Montgomery
Ft., corner of Sutter— The board of directors
declared a dividend for the term ending June
30, 1901. at the rate of three and one-eighth
<3U) per cent per annum on all deposits, frea
of taxes and payable on and after July 1, 1901.
Dividends not called for are added to, and
bear the same rate of dividend as, the prin-
cipal, from and after July 1. 1901. CYRUS
W. CARMANY. Cashier. , • - . ¦
DIVIDEND NOTICE^ — California Safe Deposit
and Trust Company, corner California and
Montgomery sts.; for the six months ending
June 30, 1901, dividends haver been declared
on deposits in the savings department of this
company as follows: On term deposits at
the rate of 3 6-10 per cent per annum, and on
ordinary deposits at the rate of 3 per cent
per annum, free of taxes, and payable on
and after Monday. July 1, 1901. Dividends
uncalled for are added to the principal and
bear the same rate of dividend as the prln-
• elpal from and after July 1. 19C1. J. DAL-
ZELL BROWN. Manager. >
DIVIDEND notice-Mutual Savings ' Bank of
San Francisco. 33 Post St.— For the half year
ending June 30th, 1301. a dividend has been
declared at the rate of three (2) per cent per
annum on all deposits, free of taxes, payable
on and after MONDAY. July 1st, 1901. -
| . . GEORGE A. STORY. Cashier.
SAN FRANCISCO SAVINGS UNION. E32 Cali-
fornia St.. corner Webb— For the half, year
ending with the 30th of .Tnn» 1901. a ..divi-
dend has been declared at the rate per annum
of three and six-tenths (3 6-10) per cent on
' term deposits and three (3) per cent on or-
dinary deponlts, free of taxes, -payable on
and after Monday. July J. 1901. •¦ !•
- LOVELL -WHITE. Cashier. ,
THE GERMAN SAVINGS AND., LOAN SO-
ciety. B26 California st.— For the half year
ending with June SO, 1901. a dividend has
been declared at the rate of three and one-
eighth *3H) per cent per annum on all de-
posits, free of taxes, payable on an-1 after
Monday. July 1. 1901.
."; GEORGE TOURNY.' Secretary.
HUMBOLDT Savings and Loan Society, 18
Geary Ft. — The directors have declared a div-
idend of 3^ per cent per 'annum on Its depos-
its, payable on and after July 1. 1901.
•RRNKST BRAND. Secretary.
LEGAL ADVERTISEMENTS.
WRECK OF RIO— ,
To • Whom It May Concern: The under-
signed incorporators of the Rio Wrecking Co.'
' hereby give notice that we have 'located the
exact spot of the wreck and are using due
diligence In preparing the proper apparatus
to remove the cargo from said steamer, ¦ and
will maintain our claim to salvage before a
court of law. - ¦ ¦• . ¦¦ '
Stock subscription books are open at the
office of the company, 445 Panott Building,
. and a limited amount of stock for Eale at 50c
per share; par value $1. ¦" -*' ~ . *
RIO WRECKING CO.',
JOHN. ROSS, Mgr.
• J. J. 8ullivan, Tom Olsen, James McLaughlin.
'¦ San Francisco, Cal.. Juno 27, 1901. ' ,
PROPOSALS.
SEALED proposals will be received at the
office of the Lighthouse Engineer, ban Fran-
cisco, Cal., until 12 o'clock m. Monday. July
¦ 22. 1301. and -then opened, for furnishing mis-
cellaneous articles, comprising hardware, , en-
gineers' supplies, lumber • and paint, in ac-
cordance with specifications, copies of which,
'with blank proposals and other information.
• may be had upon application 1 to Major Chaa.
. . B. L. B.. Da vis. Corps of Engineers. U.S. A.,
Engineer.- . -'%^2*$^&fti3£a&g£&
OCEAN TRAVEL.
AMERICAN LINE.
WVS Y05K. SOUTHAMPTON. LONDON. PABli
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Every -Wednesday. 10 a. m.
St Louis ..July 17f Philadelphia'. August 21
St Paul August 7 St. Paul August 23
St. Louis August 14l St. Louis.. September 4
RED STAR LINE.
¦ ; >ii New Yj9 rk and Antwerp.
From New Tork Every "Wednesday, 12 noon.
•Zeeland .July'lu Southwark July 31
Friesland .......July 17 •Vaderland ..August 7
Pennland ........July 24 Kensington ..August 14
•Stop at Cherbourg, eastbound.
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
. CHAS. D. TAYLOR.'
General Agent Pacific Coast. 30 Montgomery st.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE TVHAnF, COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m.,-
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlesco), Nagasaki ¦ and Shanghai and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers ' for
• India, etc. No cargo received on board on
day of sailing.
RS. NIPPON irARU.'..-Wednesday.' July 17. 1901
SS. AMERICA MARU... .Saturday. Aug. 10, 1901
SS. HONGKONG MARU....
Wednesday. September 4,. 1901
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office.
421 Market' street, corner First
... . W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
SS. ZEALANDIA (Honolulu only).......*..... •
-. ..¦ Wednesday; July. 3. 10 a. m.
SS. SIERRA (via Honolulu), for Samoa,
New Zealand and Australia.:.. •
: ...:.. Thursday. July 11, 10 a. m.
SS. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti
August 8. 10 a. m.
J. D. SPREGKELS & BROS. CO, Baneral Agents, 327 Itofel St
Gen'l Passeniiar Off.cs, 643 UdrkstrSt., Pier Ko. 7. Pacifie St
PANAMA a, R, s l^
TOlNEW.YGRK VIA PANAMA DIRECT.-
Cabin. *105; Steerage, $40." .
S. S. Lcelanaw sails, Monday, July 15
S. S. Argyll sails Monday, Aug. 12
S. S. Leelanaw sails Monlay, . Aa&. 26
¦ From Sea -Wall (Section 1) at 2 p. . m. --»
Freight and passenger, of flee, 330 Market at.
F. F. CONNOR. Pacific Coast Azent.
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION CO.
And CIA SUD AMERICAiNA DE VAPORES
To Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican. Central
and South American ports. Sailing from How-
ard-street wharf No. 3, 12 m. "---• .
TUCAPEL ......July 6 j ACONCAGUA ..July 23
AREQUIPA ....July lOlPERU August 1
These ¦ steamers are , built ¦ expressly . for Cen-
tral and - South American passenger service.
(No change at Acapulco or Panama.) Freight
and passenger of flee. 316 California street. -
BALFOUR, GUTHRIE'fc CO.. Gen. Agents.
AUCTION &ILES
AUCTION SALF. 5^
Arcade Horse Market, S27 Sixth St., Wednes-
day, July 3. 1901. at 11 a. m., I will sell ail th©
Horses, Carriages, Buffgies and Harness be-
longing to tha estate of Thomas Enrlght, de-
ceased. ¦ * J. J. DOYLE. AucUoneer.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
OF THE——
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
'•' -.-?¦";„., — °' THE—
Connecticut Mutual
5;: LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY
f\T HARTFORD, in the State of Connecticut.
VJ on the Jlst day of December. A. D. 190O. \
and for the year ending on that day; made to
the- Insurance Commissioner of the Stats of
California, pursuant to the requirements of ¦ec-
tl'n 513 of toe Political Code cf said SUM.
. ' ' ¦ • ASSETS. ':*-\ il -;..^
Net value of real estate owned by
th» company H2,W4,w» 47
Amount of loans -secured by bond
and mortgage on real estate 26,4(9,473 N
Amount of loans secured by pledga
' of bonds, stocks or other market-
able Hecurlties as collateral S, 100 00
Premium notes and loan* in any .<
form taken in payment of pre- c
miums on policies now In force — '783.K190
Cash market value of all stocks and
bonds owned by the company 23.523.810 30
Amount" of cash- deposited In banks 828.97100
Interest due and accrued SS0.591 13
Rents due and accrued .-. XL24S 03
Net amount of premiums In proce««
of collection, and of deferred
premiums ................ S23.521 33
-ToUl assets $64.965,178 13
LIABILITIES.
Claims for death losses and matured
endowments, due and unpaid $ 2S,14S »0
Claims for death losses and matured
endowments in process of adjust-
ment, or adjusted but not due 17S.S94 09
Claims resisted by the company J3.2U 33
Net present value of ail the out-
standing policies, computed ac-
cortins to the combined experience . ; ; -.
tables of mortality, with four per
cent Interest SS.321.159-C0
Amount of all unpaid dividends to
policy holders »77.9«« »
All other liabilities 237.443 73
Total liabilities $57.773.827 71
INCOME.
Cash received for premiums on n««' .
policies during the year $ 412.504 81
Cash received for renewal of pre-
miums during the year 4 -*i2J 4 I 3t
Cash receive* for sale of annul tie* 23.911 44
Cash received for Interest t 'A
Cash received for rents 40T.4S1 19
Cash received from all other sources 793 00
Total Income 1 1 8.047.E38 33
EXPENDITURES.
Cash paid for losses and matured
endowments , $ 4.S18.W3 10
Cash paid to annuitants 2.003 73
Paid for surrendered policies S43.44S 9»
Paid for dividends to policy holders 1,306,439 28
Commissions paid to agents 390.473 «7
Salaries and other compensation of . • •;£' '-
of fleers and employes, except ¦
agents and medical examiners 158,583 51
Salaries and traveling expenses of
managers of agencies 25.249 SO
Medical examiners* fees and salaries 23,913 23
Cash paid for taxes 892.099 69
Cash paid for rents 8.307 33
All other cash payments 412.870 63
Total expenditures during the
ysar • • I 8.885,392 37
PREMIUM-NOTE ACCOUNT.
Premium notes and other
premium obligation* at ¦
beginning of the year..»23.945 23
Premium notes and other
premium obligations re-
ceived during the year.. 793 00
Total ......•.•..••-•••••••••••••-••• ' 8S3O.733 23
Deductions during the year, is fol-
lows:
Amount of notes and other ' :
premium obligations used
%3SrZ.*?TZ.ZZk lim is
Amount of notes and other
premium obligations used u
in purchase of surr*n- . .-«^ -
dered policies 5,103 87
Amount of notes and other -1-:. .
premium obligations used
In payment of dividends 1
to policy holders 30,308 4S
Amount of notes and other „
premium obligations void-
ed by lapse of policies.... 1.120 00
Amount of notes and other
premium obligations re-
deemed by maker In cash 11,982 80 •"'Pj^rr
Total reduction of premium-not*
account .......---.......---------• 9 88.878 33
Balance, note "assets at end of the
year 1763.881 99
JACOB L. GREENE. President.
HERBERT H. "WHITE. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 13th
day of February, 1901. NATHAN F. PECK.
Notary Public
A. K. P. -HARMON,
DISTRICT SUPERINTENDENT
Pacific Coast Agencies.
F R. NOYES, General Agent,-
MILLS BUILDING.
Snn Franclnco. Cnf. -
OCEAN TxtA-VEI* \ '"A-
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.,
?^ Steamers leave Broadway*
tew- Wharf, • San Francisco:
V£?*taw- For Alaskan ports — 11 a. m..
SS&raS^ July 5 - 10> **' :o> Zi ' Auc
v^^fwStek *¦ Chaiisre to company' *
1 W& feft?»§y steamers at Seattle.
1 ftw^vi _!*M For Vlctoria . Vancouver (B.
RjiSJV^g^a'i C), Port Townsend Seattle.
, Tacoma. Kverett. Ariacortes
and New "Whatcom (Wash.) —
- -" - 11 a- m., July 6, 10, 15,. 20, 25, 30,
Aug. 4. and every fifth day thereafter. Changa
at Seattle for this company's steamers for
Alaska and G. NV Ry. : at Seattle or Tacoma
for N. P. Ry.; at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka, and Humboldt Bay — 1:30 p. m..
July 1. 6, 11, 15. 20. 25, 30, Aug. 4, 9, 13. 13. 23,
28. Sept. 2. \
For San Diego, stopping: only at Santa Bar-
bara, Port Los Angeles and Redondo (Los An-
geles) — Steamer Santa Rosa, Sundays. 9 a. m. ;
steamer Corona, Wednesdays, 9 a. m.
Fcr Los Ansreles, calling at Santa Cruz.
Monterery. San Simeon. Cayucos. Port Harford
fSan Luis Oblspo), Gaviota. Santa Barbara.
¦Ventura, Hueneme. East San Pedro. San Pe-
dro and 'Newport (•Coos Bay only>— Steamer
Coos Bay. Saturdays. 9 a. m. ; Steamer Bo-
nlta, Tuesdays. 9 a. m.
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlan. Altata, La Paz, Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaymas (Mex.)— 10 a. m.. 7th. each
i month. . .
• For further information < obtain company's
folders! - ..-.-.. , . .
The company reserves the right to change
steamers, sailing dates and hours of sailing
without previous notice.
TICKET OFFICE —4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO., Gen. Agents,
10 Market Bt.. San Francisco,
O. /?.<£Af.CO.
Only Steamahilp XjIxk* -Co
PORTLAND, Op.,
And Short Rail Lino from Portland to atl
points East. : Through' tickets to -ail
pclnts, all rn"i! or steamshlo and rail, as
IiOWJEST 3E*^va?3nS. \
STSAMXR TICKETS INCLUDE BERTH tad XSAL3.
SS. COLUMBIA .......;.
Salisbury 2. 12, 22, August ttLM.ll
SS. GEO. W. ELDER....... ..~T......7..t;.
..Sails July 7, 17, 27. August «. IS 2«
D.W.HITCHCOCK, Gen. Agt. 1 Montgom'y.S.F.
COMPASHIB GENKIALE TBANaATLANTIQUB
DIRECT LINE 'TO HAVRE-PARIS. -¦\* J^,
Sailing every Thursday, instead of
Saturday, at. 10 a. m.. from pier 42.''^»eS*3S
North River, foot of Morton street: La Cham-
pagne. July 4; La Gasco^ne. July 11: *La. Nor-
roandie/ July IS : La Bretarne. . July 25. ¦ :
First class to Havre, $70 and upward. Second
class to Havre, $45 and upward. GENERAL
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES and CAN-
ADA. 32 Broadway {Hudson building). ¦ New
Tork.- J. F. FUOAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents. 5 Montgomery avenue, . San Francisco.
Tickets sold- by ail Railroad Ticket Agents.
Twin Screw Express- Steamers. .-.¦¦¦¦
BAY AND - BJVEB STE AMZKS.
FoHTsTNAYr YARD AND VALLEJoT
Steamers 'GEN. FRISBIE or MOFTICELLO
9:45 a.m., 3:13 and 8:30 p. m., except Sun-
day. Sunday, - 9:43 a. m., 8:30 p. m. Leaves
Vallejo ¦ 7 a. m.. 12:30 noon. 8 p. m., except
Sunday. Sunday. 1 a. m.. 4:15 i>. m. .Far* 60
cents. Telephone Main 1508. • Landing- and Of-
fice, pier 2. Mlssion-«t. docl*. HATCH BRO3.
EIRTHS-MARRIA6ES--DEAIHS. :
Birth, marriage' and' death notices sent by
mall will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with . the name and residence of per*
eons authorized to have the same published.
':'¦¦?{£ ' boen. . ¦ V
DELFINO— In this city, June 30, to the wife
of Louis Delflno, a son. ,'--:¦ _.-.;.
TOWLB^-In this city/ June 28,. 1901, 'to the wife
of Samuel -Towle. a daughter. . ,-
MARRIED.
BASTIAN— GRUNDEL— In -this city, June 29.
1901, by Rev. J. .Fuendellng, William - Bas-
tlan' and Francis Grnndel. ¦.'¦ •
HINZ— FEYOCK— In this city. June 29. 1901,
by Rev. J. Fuendellng, Hermann Hlnz and
Wilhelmine Feyock. . . '
OTTO-^KNAPP— In this city, June 29, 1901, by
Rev. ' J. Fuendeling, William Otto and Au-
gusta E. C. .Knapp. ...
SHOALS— LONG— In this city, June 30, 1901.
by Rev. J. Fuendellng, George L. Shoals and
Mathilda Long. — ' .
DIED.
Attrldge, William J. Nourse, George A. .
Brown, Peter Quinlan, ' Mamie T. .
Clock* Sarah S. , Rlley, Joseph F. v
Daly, Bridget i Rosenbaum, Henry
Foyle, Robert- A/"' 1 '¦ Sherry, Henry S.
Fitzgerald (Infant) '! Spille, Nicholas
• Glover, James R. Stanton, Henry E. ¦
Hall, Louise '• •-'..; Stevens, Coleman !£
Holm,- Ora Stone. Richard
Houghton, Harry B. "Walls,' Eleanor
Jackson, William L. Wilde, William H.
; McDonnell, Mary E. Wright, Newton
Murray, Henry E. ..' ¦¦;_
ATTRIDGE— In Manila, May 26. 1901. William
J., beloved son of James and Mary Attrldge,
and brother of Edmund, Thomas, ' John, Nel-
lie and Richard Attridge and' Mrs. E. T.
Heath, a ' native • of i San Francisco, aged 25
years and 25 days. ,
, cy Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(M6nday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the residence
of the parents, 2005 Leavenworth street,
thence to St. Brieid's Church, where a sol-
emn requiem high mass will be celebrated
'¦ for the repose of his soul, commencing at 9
o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
MEMBERS of Presidio Parlor No.' 194, N.S.
G. W.. are hereby requested to attend the
¦ funeral of our' late . brother, . William J.
Attrldge, this day (Monday),, at 8:45 o'clock.
'from his late residence, 2005, Leavenworth
street By order
E. J. DOUGHERTY. President. '
; E. J. KANNGIESSER. Secretary.
BROWN— In the City and County Hospital,
June 29, 1901, Peter-Brown, a native. of Switz-
erland, aged 22 years.; • ¦ .
CLOCK— In Oakland, at tU0 Myrtle street, June
20, 1901. Sarah Sterling Clock, mother of
Maude and Grace Clock,- a -native of Maine,
aged 76 years. . ¦
DALY— In this city, June 30, 1901, Bridget
beloved wife of the late John. Daly, and sis-
ter of Mary ¦ Doolan and- Mrs. J. O'Connor,'
a native of County Kerry, Ireland, aged 60
y< C~rFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 277 Stevenson street, thence to St.
Patrick's Church, where a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery.
FOYLE— In Oakland, at 826 Madison street June
29, 190L. Robert A., husband of Mary H.
Foyle. and father of Robert W. and ' James
H. Foyle of Oakland and George H. Foyle of
Encampment, Wyo., a native of New YOrk,
aged 76 years 3 months and 7 days.
FITZGERALD— In this city, June 30. 1901. In-
fant child of Dennis and Catherine Fitzger-
ald, a native of San Francisco.
GLOVER— In Oakland, at 1250 Franklin street,
June 30, 1901, James R., husband of Nancie
Glcver, and father of .Clara E. Glover and
Mrs. E. Alexander, "a native of Maine, aged
77 years 2 months and 25 days.
HALL— In this city, June 30; 1901, Louise, be-
loved wife of the late Nicolas Hall, and
mother of Carter, Eugenia and Nlcola'i Hall,
a native of Tennessee, aged 35 years end 2
months.
HOLM— In the City and County Hospital.
June 30, 1901, Ora Holm, a native of England,
ased 33 years.
HOUGHTON— Passed away, in this city, June
23 1901, Harry B. Houghton, son of General
and Mrs. J." F. Houghton. • • - .
.tr? Funeral services this day (Monday),
at 1:30 o'clock, at his late residence, 2018
S Franklin 6treet. Interment private.
JACKSON— In Oakland, at 176 Eighth Etreet,
June 30, 1901, William Lewis, only and beloved
child of Walter I* and Jennie Harris Jack-
son, a native of Illinois, aged 20 years 7
months and 21 days.
McDONNELL— In South San Francisco, Jun«
29, 1901, at the residence of her parents, cor-
ner Seventeenth avenue and Q ; street south,
Mary Ellen McDonnell. dearly beloved
daughter of John and Catharine McDonnell,
a native of San Francisco, aged .24 years 8
months and 11 days. -
ryFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence of
her- x>arents, . corner Seventeenth avenue and
Q. street South, South San Francisco. Inter-
ment Holy Cress Cemetery. . .
MURRAY-In this city, June 30. 1901, ; Henry
Edward, beloved son of Henry and Millie
Murray, a native of San Francisco, aeed 4
months and 14 days. *
NOURSE— In Fresno, Cal., June 28, 1901. sud-
denly of heart failure, George A. Nourse,
beloved father of John C. and Ethel Nourse.
a native of Hallowell, Maine, aged 76 years
6 months and 9 days. ' '
(CTInterment private,' Mountain View Cem-
etery. . . -
QUINLAN— At Halfmoon Bay, Cal., June SO,
1901, Mamie T. Quinlan,. beloved daughter of
Peter . and Johanna Quinlan, and sister of
Thomas F., Joseph P., John H. and Frances
Quinlan, a native of Halfmoon Bay, Cal.,
aged 24 years and 10 days.
ICFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at. 10:30 o'clock, from Halfmoon
Bay Catholic Church, Lady of Our Pillar.
High- requiem mass. . -• . .
RILEY— In this city, June 29, 1901, Joseph
Francis, dearly beloved husband of Mrs.
May Riley, loving father of Laura Isabelle
Riley, and brother of Henry and Edward
' Riley - and Fred Chambers and Mrs. Nellie
Leonard, a native of . California, a*ed 30
¦ years and 4 months. .
1C7" Funeral this da^ (Monday), at 10
o'clock, from the funeral parlors of Valente,
Marinl & Co., • 1S24 Stockton street. Inter-
ment St. Mary's Cemetery, • Oakland.
ROSENBAUM — In ' this ¦ city, June 29, 1901.
Henry, beloved husband of Bertha Rosen-
baum, and brother of Adolph and Teresa
r.osenbaum, a native of Hungary, aged 43
years and G months. -
- {CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 10:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1923 • Ellis street. Interment Salem
Cemetery by 11:30 o'clock train from Thiri
and Townsend streets.-
SHERRY— Drowned at Benicia, June 23, 1901,
Henry S., beloved son of the late M. L. and
Margaret Sherry,' and 'brother of Mary, John
and Jennie Sherry and Mrs. W. B. White, a
native of California, aged 22 years. (Cleve-
land, Ohio, papers please copy.) •
SPILLE— In this city, June 30. 1901, Nicholas
Spille, a native of Lemvoerde, Oldenburg,
Germany,, aged 37 years. A member of Court
' Hubertus No. 15, F. of A.
ICTRemalns at the funeral parlors of H. F.
Maass, 917 Mission street. ' * ., •'
STANTON— In this city, June 30, 1901, Henry
¦Edward, beloved infant, son of. John* A. and
Anita Stanton, a native of « San Francisco,
aged 1 year 3 months and 1 day.^
STEVENS— In this city, June 30, 1901."" Cole-
man Stever.a. husband of the late Ann Ste-
vens. -and father -of .-Mrs. ~ H. J. Brady and
John R. Stevens, a native of Orange County,
N. Y., aged SO years 8 months and 10 days.
(New York papers please copy.) ,
(C^The funeral will take place' to-morrow
(Tuesday),' at, 2 o'clock, from Pioneer Hall,
Fourth street, near Market. Interment Lau-
. rel Hill Cemetery.
STONE— In the . City and County Hospital.
June 20, 1001, Richard Stone, a. native of
Canada, aged 4C year3. -'
WALLS— In this city, June 30, 1901, Eleanor,
dearly beloved daughter of Edward E. and
Ida Walls, and - granddaughter of • Mr: and
Mrs. W...C. Carpenter, a native of , Illinois,
aged 2 years and 9 months, j
WILDE— In this city, June 30. 1901; William
H. Wilde, beloved son of Peter and Sarah
' "Wilde," and • brother of George, , James, Peter,
Annie and May Wilde and Mrs. Eliza Hop-
per, and Sarah Helm, a native of San Ftan-
¦ cls30,' aged -19 years and 4' months. \
. (C3"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
- ¦ fully invited to attend the funeral ¦ to-morrow
: . at,2:15 o'clock, from his late resl-
- dence, 745 Folsom street',, under the auspices
of the International Brotherhood of Electrical
Workers, Local No. 3.51. Interment Cypress
» Lawn -Cemetery, by 3:30 o'clock train from
. Third and Townsend streets. - ¦¦ , ¦ . ;
WRIGHT— In Arbuckle, ' Cal., . June 30. 1901,
Newton Wright,. aged 42, years 4 month3 and
4 days. ¦¦¦ ; ¦¦ ¦ -- ¦ -.-¦.. . . . ' ¦.. .. ¦
'HENRY a. GALLAGHER CO.
(.Successor 5o Flannagan & Gallagher.;
> DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr. : '
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND KMUALMEH3.
V) Fifth Kt.. opposite Lincoln School. .
•-••¦ Telephone South . 80. '.: V,,
James' McGinn, ;
TTni-nierly with McGinn Bros..- has opened
fiew^Funeral ' Parlors at 214 Eddy St.. bet.
Taylor and Jones. Telephone South 678. -
U NITED UNDERTAKERS, ;.
27 and 29 Fifth st.' TeL South 167.
IUHERAL D1HECT033 AND .EMBALMED.
- • Finest Equipment '- at Moderate Rates. * '
I' ¦•,• McAUOV & ; CO^; ¦-,» -. |
FUNERAL DIRECTORS ) & ¦ EMBALMERS. I
. 1239 Market St.. between Sth and 9th. I
j. .,;.-:: - Telephone v South ,247.';. ' '. •"- ' ¦:'• , \
NUMBERS
• — - OF THE — - .
BENEFICENCi A PUBLIC*
City of Mexico, June 27, 1901.;
No. Prize. No.' Prize. No.*- Prize.
23 > v 20 25........ 20 69 40
83.. 20 193........ 20 292 20
297.. 600 643 40, 695 ... 20
.697 .'20 694 -40" 731 100
: 759.. ...... 20 791........ 40 -833.. -20
•849........ 20 850........ > 40 882 -20
916 40 1024... 40 1161 40
1333.. --40 1343....;... • 20 1446.. --.-40
1603 100C 1701 20 1717 20
1728........ 40 1776. 20 1891 100
2019 100 20S2.. '100 2186 '20
2242 20 2262 ..: 20 2315 i. . 40
2405 '40 2886... 40 3177 20
3196 20 3428... 40 3455........ 20
3559.. 200 3720 20 3364 40
3894 .; ¦ 40 4036 100 4189 .-. 20
4198 40 4353 .'. 40 4335 '40
4419 100 4494........ -20 4619 40
4637 40 4659 -40 4663..'. 20
4680........ 100 4707 '40 4742.. 20
'4949........ 40 4994........ 20 5167.: .20
¦5199 100 62S8. ..:.... 100 5417 40
6520... ..^.. 20 16060. 40 5589 20
6673 7. 20 5704 40 5803 100
ES77.. 20 5911 20 5956........ 20
6034 NO 6103 -20 6339 ' 10
6454 40 6462........ 40 6520 40
6589 20 6649..' 20 6944 100
698i». 100 7043 100 7086 -20
7188 20 7210.... 40 7344.. .40
7476........ '20 7637 20 7623.. '. 20
7715 40 782S 20 7842....;... 20
7844. 20 78S4 100 8014 .....40
8102 40 8124.... ' 40 8199 40
8339 20 8464.... 20 8531..; : 20
•8564 20 8627 100 8751 V 20
8S46 40 S"»29 20 9034...:.... 40
9104.. 20 92& 200 9332 ...' 100
9532 100 9601 20 9685 20
9783 20 9963 40 10170........ 40
10400........ "40 10107 100 10491. 20
10498 20 10530... ...... 20 10545 ...'20
10550........ 20 10592.;...:.. 20 10597 ...100
10704 ..•'•20 10824 100 10859... 20
10893 40 10896 40 10908 20
1C973 20 1 US6 20 11274 40
11379 * 20 11456 20 11594........ ' 40
11614. 20 11739........ 20 11741 20
11756 40 11773........ 40 11983 20
11985........ 20 12107.. 20 12180 ;. 20
12236........' 40 12507 40 12747 .T . 20
12S84 ICO 13023 100 13119 20
13231 100 13346 200 13554......... 40
13615.. 100 13745 100 13764 20
13S65. .;..... '20 13877... 20 13SS6 20
14186 600 14249.. 20 14346... 20
14352........; 200 14461..;..... 100 14469 ; 40
14750 20 15052.. .20 15109 ,20
15138 100 15222 '20 15259........ 100
16307 40 15456........ 20 15543.. 20
15550........ 40 15596 ...20 15747........ 1C0
15946 2015976 40 16177.....'... 40
16220 40 16265 40 16334 40
1K58 • 40 16578 20 16614... 20
16634. 40 16636........ 20 16648 20
16695.. -40 16944 2016371 20
17083 10017150 40 17175........ 20
17342 40 17322........ 20 17561........ 20
17595 100 17608 20 17626 ' 20
1765S 20 17764.. 20 17939 20
18013 20 14.C29 4018058 100
13216 -40 18218 BOO 18352.. ......" 40
18515 20 18617........ 40 18696 20
18772 20 18961......... 40 19105 10O
19175 100 19259 20 19662........ 40
19775 20 19797 100 19955 20
20024 100 20063 100 20199 20
20247 "20 20394 40 20523 100
20746 2O0 20SC8 ¦ 40 20854 40
20S88 .20 20914 40 20923 .... 40
21035 20 21232 100 21251 20
21289 20 21492 20 21551 100
21555.. 20 21580 20 21583 20
21698 20 21671 200 21810 20
21936 100 22144........ 20 22207 ...20
22323 40 22386 40 23475 40
22680 40 22872 40 22948 40
23008 20 23033 20 23051 20
23292 100 23481 20 23509 20
23549........ 40 23893.. 20 23953....;... 40
23989 20 23999 20 24079........ 100
24121 20 24133 100 24179 20
24263 200 24325........ 20 24346 20
24445... 20 24499 200 24533 20
24549 100 24572 40 24608 40
24646. '.. 20 24S37 40 24850 100
25064 40 25102 '20 23256 40
25467. 20 25517 20 25564... 43
25595. 20 25625 20 25725 20
259S2 40 26143 20000 26442........ 20
26551 20 26637... 40 26698 40
26742 20 26743. 40 26786 20
26806 40 26899 40 27047 20
27138... 60000 27250 20 «7364: 100
27366 20 27505 40 27513 40
27545 20 2S403.... 40 28470 40
284S3 20 28619 20 28647 40
28875 20 29149 40 29167 '.. 20
2P169 40 29232 1*0 29360 20
29506 20 29S34 100 29913 - 20
30024 500 30130 20 30253.. 2!)
30596 40 30649 ". 40.30896 20
30928 .2031044 40 3108S 20
31112 20 31189 20 31192 20
31357 40 31448 .... 1000 31482 20
31519 20 31541 20 31618 , 40
H65O.. .."....- 20 31727 40 31756 20
Jl783 2031847 .100 31891 20
32017 100 32023 20 32160.....'... 100
'32334........' 2032549 2032714... 100
3'901.. ...... 40 32S42 ..-. 40 33160 40
32190.. 40332C0 20 33220 .... 20
33227 20 33332 40 333J9 20
33552 20 33644... 40 33752 20
33777 - 20 33S15 20 33861 401
34094 i./ 20 34099 20 34227 200 |
31->56 ".. 20 34262........ 20 34515 20
34574 40 34657 ."' 20 34706.- . 40
34780 40 34S17.. 40 34927. ....... 20
35CS0 20 35161 40 35178 20
30201 20 35403 500 35471... 20
35499.......*;- 40 35572.. v..... -20 35898 200
3C046 .40 36080 40 36090 100
36102 4036124.." 20 36136 20
36372 100 363S5 40 36535 40
36C91 20 3G762 20 3S763 20
36S33.. 20 36S25.. :..../. 4Cf 3705C " 40
37140 40 37177 200 37261 20
37234...:.... 40 37430 40 37438 .40
37497 20 37C6G 20 37832 20
37845 20 37994 ' 40 3S10S 100
3S223 20 3S321 20 3S363... 100
3S435 20 3S45S 20 386S9 20
3ST4S 20 38947 100 3S071 40
39091.." 4039153 40139170 • 100
39204.". 20 39375 40 39438 - 20
3S4S9 20 39731 20|39768 20
39861 20 35940 20 33985 20
40163 40 40226 20 40324 •• 20
40?£5... .40 40429 20 40336.. ...... 20
40649........ 20 40792 40 40894........ 100
40950 2041131 200 41277 ;.- 40
41312.; 1C0 41399 20 41474 20
41567... 20 41611 20 41?30 20
41SJ6 20 41S99 20 42000 20
42217 20 42231 100 42343 40
42C04 20 42726 20 42749.. 40
42794 1CO43211 40 43297 20
433C3 20 43377 20 433S8 20
i|i 76 20 43720 40 43918.. 100
43391........ 1000 44145 20 44334 20
44395 40 44723 20 44874. 100
44S88... '2043123 ; 200 45241........ 20
453P9 40 45371 20 45383........ •. 20
454R3 40 45534 20 45734 20
457G6 20 45S41.. ....... 40 45897 20
46218 -40 46255 20C 46370 20
46fl7... 20 46691 20 45776........ 20
46791 20 47013 40 47146 ..20
471S9 '40 47337 4'0 474G5.:...... 100
47794. 20 47845 20 47S68 20
4S014 40 48C26 40 48032 20
4S095 ' 20 48265 20 483S3. ....... 100
48646.. 40 48720 20 4S864 100
49021........ 10049052 40 49166 20
49238.. 20 49431 20 49477.. 1C0
49702 -40 49733.. 20 49763 20
40050 20 50199........ 20 50236 20
6026o! 40 5C394 20 50450........ . 20
50536........ 40 50597......... 20l50723. ....... 20
50759 200 50837.. 20|50941.; .'....; 20
E1084.. 20 51114 100 51169........ 20
510U 100 31244 -20 51333........ ' 20
Sliso 2051645 40 51799 20
51S14 100 51W0 .20152001 20
52069 20 52135 100152179 20
52267 40. '.2408 201525S2 20
52718... ..... 20 52933.. ...... 20153018 • ¦ 20
5S095 .20 53283........ 20 53334 200
53477 20 53479 500 53501: 20
53519........ 4053546 - 40|o3883.. ....... -.40
53SC8 200331.)... 20|53t)30 40
64085. ....... 20 54051:..:.... ¦• 20154141 100
54203 : 20 54271.. 20154233 20
54'tf" ...... 20 54319. ....... 40 54433 .: 100
54448........ . 40 54G72 20154675 ....40
B.-SS2 .40 54861 - 20I54S88 40
gi-,-,07 20 55209........ 20155359 40
55JS2 100 55421..- ¦ 20155457.. 20
55675..; 100I55S10 . 40 55S5S -.20
6604S..: 40 56146.. 100 50273........ 40
56316 ...... 2056461 .... 20 56555 • 20
5C559' ...... 2056638.. 20 57078....:... ¦ 40
5721SI .40 57303.. 20 57335 100
57349 ....... 2057462 ' 20 57481........ 20
578C2 20 57SS2.. ...... 205S337.. 20
EK?RO 4038389 20 58531 '20
£«?•>¦' 20 59076 20 59191 20
E9 "sJ' 40 59247 40 59351 40
693P0 ;.. 20159545 20 59570........ "20
r ,95S2 40)59637 20 53637. 20
59SS2 2059897.. 20 59902........ '¦ 40 i
59909 100 60105 .200160211 . 20
60S3S' 40 60952.. .. 40161002 20
61131........ 40161167........ .20|61396... 500
61E31 ....... '2061601.. -20161612 20
61618........ 20 61630 j 20161792. ;.: 20
61S74.. ...... 40 61901 .40(61941 1C0O
61965........ 20 62077 40J62095.- 20
62145 20 62201 40i62243 40 j
6224S 20 623'52......... 40 62406... 20 <
62420 *...'.... 40 62516 20 62543 20
6'fiO7 ...;•• 1000 62612.:...;.. ¦,. 2062763 .20
62S52......../ 4063138 20I633CI 20
63399 .:.... -20 63426 100 6365S 40
63666 .....' ¦¦¦¦•40 63712 : 20 63719........ ... *0
h$T> ..... 20164043 ;. . 20 640S9 ; lOO
641551 20I641S0 20 64192 100
64315 •.:.'... 20164325 20 64343........' 20
64367"'-..::. • 20164390,;...... 20164398.... -.... 20
64407 ........ -.'40HM5S5. 40|64714. ....... 20
64721 ... 2064803 5O0H4S09.. .....;. 40
64?3S"\ ...;•' - 20 64868........ 100164945.. ...v..- . 20
C5007.'. '4065233.. 40165260........ '. 20
65381 . ...:. 20 63390 ,100165413...:.... - 20
6E446: ..' 6OOI654S5.*. 200|65674....... v 20
65701 ... 20165774 40i65912........ V 40
65020' ' 40 66OS6..' 40(661 45........ 40
66180 ...• 40 66200... 40166280........ - 40
66389.. 20|fi6573.. 20166636 40
66G56 ......'. 20166670. ..20166692.'....... 4(»
66707 .1001667737. 40J66S30.. .. • 20
6CS52. ....... ; 100|66S>45 ...\ -20166947 '• . 20
67C45........ ! 40167150.......?- 20167336 20
67431 .T. y 40I67441.V.;.... 20167450.. ...... .-20
67577.:......' •¦20167816........ 20I67S64. ....... 20
67938........ 40167945.. .. " 10fl|fiS103. .'.....•. 100
68164...'..... " 100 B8262.. ...... -20I6S334.... -....- ion
68440.'.....:. 20 6S490....."... 20 68582.'... ..;-. 20
68589....;.-... 40 6SC50........ , 20I6S71S. ..;.... *:20
68S21. ..'....."" 40 6S?30........ 20169028.:..-.... •,. 40
69046........ 20169283 '..' -20 69SS4. '.. .'20
MI3H8 .> 20169300.'....... 20 69716 .10000
63723.-....:.. 100163773 '¦ 40 637S1.. ...... 20
No. Prize. No. Prize. No. Prize.
697S3 .".....-.. ¦ 20 69867... ....; 200 69871.. ; 100
C99S7..-. ' 100 7C006 .'. 40 70060 r 40
70077..- 100 70122 20 70360 20
70442....;.... 40 70513 4070S94... B00
71023........ ... 20 7123S 200 71292 40
71790.;...... 20 71804. ....... 40 71S26 20
71848 40 71843.. 20 71S90... 40
71937i.;..... - 40 72002.. ....t. 40 72186.. 40
"2199 20 72463 20 72327 20
72C30 200 72555 40 72575 . 20
72585........ 20 72612 20 72633 40
72814 20 72862 40 72928 20
73C66... 20 73080 20 73347 41
73404 20 73435 100173647 40
7375?.. 10C73S52 40 74094 20
7«25.-.;.... 20 74183 40 7419/5 40
74271.". .V.... -4O742S4 20 74454 20
74518 200 745C4 40 746i» 100
74760.. 20 74S16 40 74S6S.. 40
"4942.. 20 75204 20 75215........ 200
75298 40 75420.. 40 75481 20
75505 40 75572 40 75724 20
75751 20 73754 20 75888 20
76072 40 76104 40 76396 20
76601 40 76603 :. 20 76761 20
"6779 200 77023... 40 77099 .40
77191........ 20 77207 20 77280 .^20
77440 20 77532 40 77547........ 20
77670........ 20 77680 20 78161........ 20
78168 20 78358 20 78430 40
78564 20O78S20.. 20 78848 40
78941 20 78949 20 79174........ *0
79255...;.... 4079511 .20 79565 40
79668 20 79718 . 100
APPROXIMATION PRIZES.
100 numbers from 27,088 to • 27,188, Inclusive,
being 50 numbers on each side of the number
drawing the capital prize of $50,000— $60.
100 numbers from 26,093 to 26,193, Inclusive,
being 50 numbers on each side of the number
drawing the capital prize of $20,000— $40. :
- 100 numbers from 69,666 to 69,768. Inclusive,
being 60 numbers on each side of the number
drawing the capital ; prize of $10,000-$20.
TERMINAL PRIZES.
'799 numbers ending with 88/ being the last
two figures of the number drawing the capital
prize of $60,000— $20.
799/ numbers ending with 43, being the last
two figures of the number drawing the capital
prize of $20,000— $20.
No. 27,138 draws first capital prize of $60,000.
sold in St. Louis, Mo., New Orleans, La.; No.
26,143 draws second capital prize of $20,000, sold
In Havana. Cuba, New York City, N. Y., Cin-
cinnati. O., St. Louis. Mo.; No. 69,716 draws
third capital prize of $10,000, sold in San Fran-
Cisco, • Cal., Fort Worth. Tex.: Nos. 1603, 31.448,
43,991, 61,941 and 62.607 draw each $1000. sold In
San Salvador, Salvador, Lynn.' Mass., New
Orleans, La., Mazatlan, Sin.. Mexico City,
Torreon Coah, Leon, Gta., San Francsico. Cal.,
San Antonio, Tex., New Orleans, La. »
LUIS ARENAS. »
. For the Treasury Department.
U. BASSETTI," Manager.
APOLINAR CASTILLO. Intervenor."SCENE AT THE MEMORIAL
SERVICE IN HONOR OF DE
PARTED NATIVE SONS.
Trapper's Oil cures rheumatism and neuralgia.
DruggUts. 60c flask. Richards & Co.. 40« Clajr.
The services closed with the benedic
tion by the Rev. A. S. Clark and a selec
tion by, the orchestra.
The reading of the honored roll of the
dead was followed by the response, deliv
ered by Hon. Frank L. Coombs, grand
president of the order.
The speaker dwelt in eloquent language
on the manifold virtues of the dead broth
ers, whose memory was honored by the
assembly, and said that the event would
help to elevate the thoughts and princi
ples of those who mourned for them. He
dwelt on the custom of holding memorial
services, that had originiated with the
Egyptians and had. survived through all
succeeding ages to the present time. The
grand president referred to the good deeds
of tho departed brothers and in brilliant
language dwelt upon the subject of im
mortality, closing his address with a
quotation from Washington Irving on
VRural Funerals."
Vocal numbers were then rendered by
Ihe California Quartet and James G.
Fraser, and the eulogy was pronounced
by Hon. M. T. Dooling of Hollister. i
- In pronouncing the eulogy of the dead
Mr. Dooling referred in glowing terms to
the lives of those members of the order
who had passed away. He paid a tribute
to their worth and manliness and exhort
ed all present to take as an example the
efforts of those who had passed to the
beyond, satisfied with their life's work.
Grand President's Address.
No. 72; W. A. Dowd. Stanford Parlor No. 76;
A. M. Upers, Las Posltas Parlor No. 96; J.
H. Grass. Lassen Parlor No. 99; A. I... Haw
kins, National Parlor. No. 118: G. "W. Johnson,
W. Echlmaccher, Mountain Parlor No. 126; J.
F. Hensley, Madera Parlor No. 130; "W. P.
Martin, Hesperian Parlor No. 137, and I. M.
Kouns, Lower Lake Parlor No. 159. .
No. 169: C. Smith. Precita Parlor No. 187; W.
J. Attrldge, Presidio Parlor No. 194; T. O'Con
nell, • J. P. Clifford, Ramona Parlor No. 169;
"W. H. Grignby, J. F. Crowley. Rlncon Parlor
No. 72; Ella Ag new, . Fremont Parlor No. 41;
R. H. Barnett, T. F. Lynch, Rlncon Parlor
gan, ¦Washington Parlor No. 163; A. A. Rokh,
Corona Parlor No. 196; W. J. Ring, Presidio
Parlor No. 194;- R. IX Mulr, Alcalde Parlor
No. 154; Stephen M. White. Ramona Parlor
The , Regular Republican Club of the
Thirty-fourth Assembly District .has is
sued a call to all the Republicans living
in that district to assemble at' Mission
Parlor Hall, ; corner of Seventeenth and
Valencia streets, to-night, at '8 o'clock for
the purpose of reorganizing, the' district
club. The call is signed by P. F.' Mertes,
secretary, and Martin Jones, chairman of
the old club. . . [ :<,; , ,
Verus cures piles or $50 reward:: All up
to-date druggists' sell and. guarantee it. • '
"Will , Organize a Club.
The funeral ceremonies over the ashes
of the late Hugh Tevls took place yester
day afternoon at the residence of his
mother on Taylor street. Rev. Dr. Foute;
rector of Grace Episcopal Church, con
ducted the services, which were of the
simplest character, as prescribed by the
Episcopal ritual. .
dnly the immediate relatives and a few
close friends were present to participate
in the last sad rites over one who in life
was held In the highest esteem. The
ashes reposed in a metallic urn on a dais,
and gathered around it were the widow of
the : deceased, his mother, Mrs. Lloyd
Tevls; his two brothers, Harry L. Tevls
and William S. Tevis, and ex-Governor
George AV. Baxter and wife.
The floral offerings, were strewn in pro
fusion around the. spacloils parlors, the
i dead man having .been a great lover of
flowers, in his life time. No disp^ltion.
was made of the ashes, but they will be
consigned to the family vault in Laurel
Hill Cemetery in the course of a tew days.
• Mrs. Hugh Tevis has not as yet decided
on any plans for the future. She Is pros
trated over her loss and denies herself to
callers. She will in all probability return
with her father and mother to her former
home in Denver. :;: .
There Is nothing In the world more delight
ful than a drink of good whl«key-^-and Jesse
Moore is good whiskey. •
Rev. Dr. Foute Conducts
the Services at Family
Residence.
LAST SAD RITES OVER
ASHES OF HUGH TEVIS
Adolph Fetz. James O'Dwyer, Isaac W.
Stanley. .California Parlor No. 1; D. J. Ivajit,
Sacramento Parlor No. 3; TV. R. Louttlt,
Stockton Parlor No. 7 ; Alonzo Beaser, M. A.
Dorn. Pacific Parlor No. 10: F. N. fresler,
Fresno Parlor No.. 25; Jonas DinkelSDlel, So
lano Parlor No. 33; B. H. Kalthorp. El Dorado
Parlor No. D2; J. H. Kelly. Los Osos Parlor
No «• C. F. McAllister. Mount. Tamalpals
Paflor No. 64; A. R. Ashman. J. C, MuHeiK- J.
J Welsh. Sequoia Parlor No. 160;. E. E.' Ru-
cities of the living people the cities of the
dead, wo shall meet upon the anniversary j of
this event and Btrcw our flowers about their
tombs, and as the fadins wreath exhales its
dvins fragrance we shall assemble in- this
forum with our hearts bowed in sorrow and
drape the noble memories of the men we honor.
The Ones Who Have Gone! Before.
The address of the grand president was
followed by a contralto solo by Miss L.11
lian Wilson, and the invocation was feel
ingly pronounced by. the Rev. Alfred b.
Clark
Secretary Charles A. Boldemann then
read' the "In Memorlam," .consisting of
the following names of members whq
have died in the past year:
OFFERING PRAYER FOR
TWENTIETH CENTTJRY
The jubilee of the century was cele
brated by the Dominican priests and the
members of the St. Dominic parish yes
terday afternoon. It was the first observ
ance of the custom in this city, and it is
probably the first of a series of similar
ceremonies.
In Europe it has been the custom for
the parishioners to visit the different
churches in a kind of pious pilgrimage
during the first year of the new century.
They march in a body from church to
church, praying in each and . listening to
sermons appropriate to the occasion.
- The custom has been observed in many
of the cities of the East already, and it
has gradually worked westward, until
now it has reached here. Last March the
announcement of the jubilee celebration
was spread through the churches of San
Francisco, and the first to heed it were
the Dominicans. The celebration was ar
ranged for yesterday afternoon.
Two hundred or more of the members
of the congregation of the church of St.
Dominic assembled In the church yester
day afternoon. They were addressed by
the Rev. Father O'Neil upon the sig
nificance of the celebration, and he also
directed them regarding the manner of
its observance.
A litany was said and then the men
formed in line, two by two, and marched
out of the church. None of the" ladies
accompanied the pilgrimage, although
there is nothing In the ceremony to pre
vent the presence of women, but they
stood upon the steps and watched the
procession as it made its way down
Steiner street and turned down Post.
The pilgrimage was to the cathedral, for
as the cathedral represents all the Catho
lic churches of the city a pilgrimage there
would have the same significance as to
all the other churches. "J"
The procession was led by the banner of
the Society of the Holy Name, and all the
members of the society, who also belong
to the parish of St. Dominic, were in the
column that followed it.
At the cathedral the procession entered
and a short prayer was offered In its
sanctuary. It was led by Father O'Neil.
A litany was also repeated, and then the
column formed again and marched back
to St. Dominic's Church, where another
prayer and another litany were said. Then
the ceremony ended.
The observance of,the Jubilee has been
held In San Jose already, and there the
women of the church took part as well as
the men.
MEMORIAL services were held
yesterday afternoon by the par.
lors of San Francisco and Ala
meda counties of the Native
Sons of the Golden West in
honor of the members of the order who
died during the last year.
Twenty-seven parlors united in the
services, which were carried out in the
Native Sons' Hall, which was filled with
members of the order and the relatives of
the departed brothers.
The committee of arrangements con
sisted of the following-named gentlemen:
Robert P. Troy, chairman, San Francisco
Tarlor No. 49; Charles A. Boldeznann. secre
tary. California Parlcr No. 1; Bruce Corn-
Trail. Parlor Xa. 76; W. H. Harri
pon, Rlncon Parlor No. 72, and James H.
Roxburgh, Hesperian Parlor No. 137.
Among those present on the platform
were the following named:
Grand President F. L. Coombs, Grand Vice
President L. F. Byington. Grand Treasurer
Henry Martin. Grand Secretary Henry Lun-
Btedt, Past Grand Presidents Frank H. Dunne,
J. A. Stelnbach. Grand Trustees George L.
Jones, J. K. Kncwland, G. L. Jones. Charles
Boxton, W. D. Wagner and W. D. Shea.
The services opened with an overture
by Cassasa's orchestra and was followed
by the address of Chairman Robert P.
Troy. . .
Mr. Troy paid a loving tribute to the
dead members of the order who had
passed away in the last year and in part
said:
We are gathered hpre in this chamber to
weave a chaplet of tender sentiment that will
deck the memories of our fallen brothers and
mingle with the fragrance and purity of the
beautiful flowers that adorn their graves.
First Memorial Services.
Before this hour we have had no com/non
memorial, but the ceremony to-day marks the
initial observance of a custom that history
tplls us originated ' In the palmy days of an
cient Egypt, which has been kept through the
mutations of -many centuries and which will
survivo with us in our order until it ls^no
more.
Our thoughts are not of death, but they are
with tho dead. V.'e knew the one, we cannot
penetrate the' mystery of the other. Confucius,
whose broad philosophy would not be con
fined within the wall? of the Chinese Empire,
said: "How can I rxplaln death, when I do
pot understand life?" We seek not to fathom
the problem, we recognize It as a reality, we
mourn for our friends who have yielded to
its Influence.
The Native Sons of California are linked by
ties of history, of blood, of friendship and of
common Interest with the pioneers. Our work
commences where theirs Is ended.
As the fleeting years ebb and flow, and • the
Bessie and Elsie Xichols of Sacramento
and Ida V. "Waller of Stockton were ar
rested last night on Stockton street and
teken to the Central Police Station,
where they will be held pending their
commitment to an institution. They
came here from Stockton last Friday
night prepared to have a good time. They.
were having it when arrested. The girls
are all under 17 years of age.
Three Way-ward Girls Arrested.
Twenty-Five Positions.
L. & M. Alexander, agents Smith Pre
mier typewriter. 110 Montgomery street,
secured positions for twenty-five Smith
Premier typewriter operators last week.*
Luke Battles. Dr. C. H. Ball. R. F. Wilson, W.
H. Gendar, W. Schmalz, A. Everett Ball. E.
1C. Smoot, J. W. Orndorff. Thomas Morton.
Warren R. Payne, T. F. A. Obenneyer. J. P.
Gallagher. R. de Clsinnont. Dr. B. H. Bau
melrter. J.' W.» Fish, James Perry. W. A.
Hicks," C. P. Maze. J. Stegemann, A. S. Chase,
Dr. F. F. Lord. Thomas Sawyer, W. C. Mor
ken, A. L. Valleau. W. Koehler. P. J. Walsh,
Varney W. Gaskill. James O'Connor. H. E.
Bcyes. H. W. Potter. M. F\ Donleavy. D. J.
O'Brien. H. Edwards. J. M- Moffett. A. Fo
dera. E. M. Gendar. W. B. Hooper, J. D. Bull
winkel, Roberts Vandertook, E. J. Graumann,
W. Steinhauser. J. R. Wilson. M. Albreeht, Ji
A. Neill, Elfert Lwhrs, Charles J. Poppe. Frank
de Cleer. A. P. Bellue. Frank Hallr. Theodore
Reichert. J. Okerblad. A. C. Goldner. Judge
D. J. Murphy. T. L. Crane and A. L. Leam.
OLD FBIENDS' SOCIETY
DEDICATES HOME SITE
Special Train. Carries Members to
PGlen Ellen, Where Enjoyable
i Day Is Spent
A large number of members of the So
ciety of Old Friends went to Glen Ellen
yesterday on a special train to assist in
the dedication of fifteen acres of land near
there, which was presented to the society
by Dr. C. C. O'DonnelL The excursion
¦was under the direction of John E. Slln
key, secretary cf the society, and proved
an. enjoyable trip.
A contract has been let for the erection
of a home on the ground for the members
of the society. Among those ¦who Jour
neyed to the site were:
H. U. Brandenstein, Dawson Mayer. P. B.
Qulnlan. J. H. Wilson. A. Vallon. G. B. Mack
rett, A. P. Kornberg. Sajp Wheeland. Dr. V.
Conflory. Clifford McCIellan, Dr. W. P. Hicks.
The friends of Professor Tilden and the
medical men who are attending the dis
tinguished patient state that the 6ufferer
requires complete rest in order to recover
his strength. srd mental vigor.
The distinguished mineralogist Is but 35
years of age and was a nephew of the
late Samuel J. Tilden of New York. When
Professor Tilden went to Central America
he represented a wealthy English mining
syndicate, whose headauarters Is In tho
city ot .LornUm. . ' •
Professor Tjlden, who has written many
works on mineralogy, was asked by the
eyndicate to « xamine certain mining prop
erties In the xepublic of Salvador. So ar
dently did he follow his mission that, de
spite sickness,- he held to his post until
prostrated.-
Professor Tilden was reported yesterday
to be In a 'state of mental collapse due
to the strain of overwork and the trying
climate of the Central American republic
Professor George C. Tilden, one of tho
most noted mineralogists in the'world,.ar
rived yesterday on the Pacific Mall'steam
ship San Jose from San Salvador, and was
conveyed by friends to a sanitarium. J
Arrives on'Steamer From Sal
vador and Goes to a
Professor • Tilden, Noted
Mineralogist, Is
MIND AFFECTED
BY HARD WORK
In order to keep the brutal assault from
becoming public Kppinger, true to his
friend Gamble, had the woman removed
to the Sutter-street hospital in a closed
carriage.
For &5me unknown reason the proprie
tress of the Leepalmer House failed to
notify the police of the fiendish assault.
It was not until yesterday that Captain
Seymour learned of the occurrence, and
he at once sent Detective Anthony to
make a thorough investigation. Going to
the hospital, Anthony tried %o interview
the girl, but without success, as the doc
tor," who was present, refused to allow
him to speak to her on account of her pre
carious condition. ,
After Gamble's arrest he said that he
was in bed when the woman was permit
ted by Eppinger to enter the room, and
that she took some papers from his pock
ets and also his revolver and exclaimed:
"I'll kill you this time!" He sprang from
the bed and grappled with her, and, as
he says, "treated her as 1 would a man."
He denies, however, striking her with the
revolver.
Becoming alarmed for his own safety.
Gamble quietly left the house before the
cjerk reached the room.
Gamble Hurriedly Departs.
With an oath Gamble violently threw
the pleading woman against the wall,
after threatening to kill her if she did
not "shut up." As she started to leave
the room the woman again threw her
arms around his neck and implored him to
return to her.
For a reply Gamble drew a revolver
from his hip pocket and struck the
woman on the "head with the butt. As
she fell to the floor the brute stood over
her and repeatedly struck her with the
revolver.
By this time Eppinger had awakened to
the seriousness of the affair, and seizing
Gamble by the right arm he managed to
take the revolver from him. The groans
of the wounded woman attracted the atten
tion of the bell boy In the house and he
lost no time in reaching the room. See
ing the ghastly wounds in, the woman's
head and thinking that she Had been mur
dered he ran down stairs and notified the
clerk.
May Gamble learned Friday morning
that the object of her affections had re
turned ' and was stopping at the Mason
street house. She determined to make
one final attempt to win him back, and
going to the house she knocked on the
door of the room occupied by Gamble anrl
his friend . Eppinger. The last named
opened the door and allowed the woman
to enter. She threw her arms around
Gamble's neck and piteously begged him
to return to her.
Strikes Her to the Floor.
May Gamble met the actor three years
ago and became infatuated with him. She
frequently declared that Gamble .was to
marry her, but .as her devotion grew
stronger the actor's love began to pale,
and finally, he packed his grip and left thu
city. He returned about a week ago, anil
Morris Eppinger allowed him to share his
apartments at the Leepalmer House.
Gamble was arrested last night and held
at the City Prison. A charge will be
placed against him when the probable re
sult of the woman's injuries are known.
The Injured woman lies In a seml-con
sclous state in a private hospital on Sut
ter street, and even the detectives have
been refused admittance on account of
the seriousness of her condition. Ugly
gashes disfigure her face and head, and If
.she recovers she will probably lose the
sight of one eye.
Theodore Gamble, an actor who has
been playing with the Ward Dramatic
Company, brutally beat and perhaps fa7
tally Injured a. woman known as May
Gamble, who' has passed as his wife, at
his temporary lodgings in the Leepalmtr
House, on Mason street, Friday morning.
Enraged at her entreaties to return to
her, Gamble struck the woman repeated
ly on the head with the butt of a revolver,
inflicting terrible wounds.*
Prison.
Victim's Ghastly Injuries
May Prove to Be
Mortal.
Theodore Gamble Arrested
and Held at the City-
ACTOR CRUELLY
BEATS A WOMAN
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JUIVr 1, 1901.
10
Parlors of San Francisco and Alameda Counties / Unitedly Give
Tribute of Eloquent Speech and Sweet Music ; ; in Honor of
Those of Their Brothers Who Have Recently •) Away
NATIVE SONS HONOR THE MEMORY
OF DEAD MEMBERS OF THE ORDER
ADVEBTIREJEENTS.
¦¦¦^lfi* Ev BTi(n BH^i^fl Eh9 P |u3 ifi JW flv i Eyi
El BW I tS Rl Ifl Bk KB En en C^nfl maL - £9 h i i n
We will have on SPECIAL SALE all this week
s aLout 500 PIECES BEST QUALITY GROS DE
NAPLES TAFFETA RIBBON, full 5 inches
in width.
Price j jC Yard.
The ahove goods are from one of the lest
manufacturers in this country and are in the
following "shades, 1 Lilac, Old Rose, Greens,
Cardinal, Blues, Pinks, Cream, Turciuoise, €
Cerise, Ivoru, Navgs, Heliotrope) also Black,
We will also sell this week 150 Cartons FINE
TAFFETA RIBBON, with high luster and soft
finish, in all the new, light shades, in the
following numbers! 7, 9. and 16— prices 50c,
60c and 90c per piece of IO yards.
FEATHER BOAS.
We have just opened a large shipment of verij
fine FEATHER BOAS, from one yard to two .
uards long, These are in Pure White, j
Natural, Black and three shades of Grau. ;
HI, 113, 115. 117, 119. 121 POST STREET.
l i^^^^^fe Senii = Annual
JwffiFfffln*, fSJ7MS&^§& Special Bargains ,
'"^ Department.
j^C'iHwlTNL^KraB 1^^^^^? Handsome Bedroom Suits— Brass
'&&m%Sm Beds, Separate Bureaus. Chiffoniers,
§ijp||| Jt^ppliMpj ¦ Fancy Rockers. Folding Beds an.i
flF^^/^iy-'a g . _^jg^^^^2: .- other household goods which you
'•'• Br^fyjl- J JM J^^^O^^sf 1 - "5?^ - "can ! secure "at prices never,before of-
"^^bS!^^ • Don't Miss This Opportunity. '
Special Discounts from L io to 40 per cent' for cash.
_ THE MONEY-SAVING FURNITURE ;AND CARPET HOUSE.;
. < ; . ' Cash or Credit.
KRA6EN FURNITURE Cfl^'^Sgg
McCOY & NESBITT,
Leading Mission Grocers.
THREAD AYS'
Special Guts for Cash!
1st, 2d and 3d July.
SUGAR, Spreckels' pure "cane; ,& $1.00
HAMS, best Eastern mild cured, lb 13c
Regular 15c. ¦ ' ' "
picnic hams, ii?t™t.*": cu .: 9 *: ioc
Regular lie. ¦¦ ' ¦¦'¦•'. '¦'
EGGS, fancy selected fresh eggs, doz 20c'
Direct from our own shipper. Regular 25c.
PORK and BEANS,^- e r : s 2V? b to c m a a ns o 10c
Best pack on earth. Regular 15c.
SWEET CARES, v a ar d £f e n s . 2 lbs for 25c
Regular Bejllng price from 15c to 20c.
STRYRER'S SandSoap, 8 cakes for 25c
You know it's the best. Regular 6 for 25c. :
CORN STARCH, Minute Man, 4 pigs 25c
-New but beats them all.
SARDINES, Albert Roache, per can 10c
Best Imported. .Regular 15c.
PORT .and SHERRY Wine, qt bot 25c
Old and matured, worth 50c.
A trial will convince you that our goods and
prices can't be beat. Courteous treatment,
prompt delivery and our goods guaranteed.
3002-3004 SIiteeitFst., Cor. Mission.
Tel. Mission 233.
S0LDBERO, BO WEN & CO'S SPECIAL SAVING SALS
BDWENc
Wholesome food is clean
fresh groceries — the kind
we sell.
! Monday Taesday Wednesday
Goose liver
Teyssonneau — puree de fois j?ras __
reg'ly 25c can
New Teas
Mandarin Nectar — "Bee" Ceylon
Japan (basket fired)— reg'ly 60c lb 5°^
Baby pim-olas
Little olives stuffed with • v f r
peppers— reg'ly 20c bottle^ DOCS 5 OC
Bird pates
Franco-American — reg'ly 25c can 2OC
'popular sandwich paste
Must a r d
With horse-radish— a relish for T n\r
boiled meats-reg'ly 15c bottle . 2
Sardines
Imported — boneless — 10c
reg'ly 25c large can
A Ik e t h r e p t a
Easily digested— quickly assimi- 2 oc
lated— reg'ly 25c can .
'Lemons'
Thin skin— seedless— . T cc
Bombay — the real Indian con- pint 30c
diraent— reg'ly 40c and 60c quart 50c
T o m a toe s
Alcalde— solid packed— far « pr
reg'ly ioc 2^ lb can 3 Ior 2 5 C
C a s t i l^e soap
Felix Eydoux— French white— « Pr
lots of lather— reg'ly 30c bar J
Everard— Canada malt— pints $135
reg'ly $1 55 and $2 35 doz quarts 2 IO
u r g u ndy.
Mountain" vineyard— rich flavor — A rr
full body— reg'ly 5i gallon U 5 C
California Private Stock— •
reg'ly 75c bottle— 5 OC;
$2 50 gallon . . $2
Whisky
Cedar Brook— McBrayer— £ 1 1 c
13 years old— reg'ly $i 50 bottle v ->
?6 gallon . 4 5°
G in g e r, ale
Cochrane & Co— Belfast— <i T « f
reg'ly, 1 50 dozen V 1 S!> >
•¦-¦.. • ¦•••
G0LD3ER3. BOVEH ft CO'S SPECIAL SATEf 3 SALS
Vermouth
French — reg'ly 6oc quart bottle 5OC
/Cherries
In marasquln — serve In cocktails — C cc
lemonade— reg'ly 60c quart bottle 3 J
Talcum powder
LadyJeanette g tins 25C
July catalogue will be out Tuesday
432 Pine 9)2 Sutter 2S00 California San Francisco
Thirteenth and Clay streets Oakland
I This 6reat Trala |
I * WD runs but twice rt
M P er WMk during 9
I Hjlifi^ni! t) " s " m ° > "- I
j llsUlluUsll ___ h
1 • rur Leaving at $ vn, m
p int ., t , B
m it arrives in re
I HUFNII1 ESS?" I
1 IIMITFfl ~~ I
H LIRlllLli it, Wtf* standard 1
a of service Is S
| 0M toily malntalntd. |
ISliITt ft I
Golf-Grip
Eye-Glasses
(Patented April a, 1901),
ISE\/E« TILT OF* SLIP
Only to be had of
642 Market 5t. instrument*
j.Notd cMRowcit BunoiMb. Catalogue Frcc.
DR.MCNULTY:
fPHIS WfclX-KXOWIT A3fD RF.L TABLE OLD
-L Specialist CTirr jBloort Poison, Gonorrhcaa,Oloei»
s trfcturi*, Uemlnal Weakness, Impotence and. their
allied Disorders. Book on Di.ie.tHes of Me», frae.
OverMyearsVxper'ence.Termn reasonable. Hour*.
0to3daily ;6:30toS.CO«v'g». SnnrlaTs.lO to VI. Consul- .
tutlonfreeand3acredly confidential. Can oraddreaa
P. KOSCOK aicXUIiTY, M. D.
2S}j'KearnySU San Franci»co. CaJ-
." IA/. T. HESS,
NOTABT PCBLIO AND ATTOKNEY-AT-LA V.
Tentb Floor. Room 1015. Claus Spredcela Bldx«
* ' Telephone Brown 931.
Kealdeac*, 811 California at., below Pow*U>
San Francisco.
Weekly Gall, $1 per Year
ADVERTISEMENTS.
JOHN T.GIBSON
"TOUR BOSOM FRIEND."
WHAT?
SHIRTS
MEN'S FT7RXISHIXG GOODS.
1204 Market St.
N«ar Golden Gate Avenue.
TTE SEXX. THE LATEST CRE-
ATION'S IN MEN'S DRESS
AT THE DOWEST PRICES.
The Store That Is Open -Till S p. in.; Clerks
OS at 6 p. m.
JOHN T.GIBSON
An Honest Mas With Honest Prices.
1204 Market St.
jCcar Golden Gale Are. 'Phone Folsora 4J8.
r^A ¦» *iCt*^^Bfc _5s ftft Oft
fW FAVORBTE
ESCREPTEON '
FORWEAKWOMEW.
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
k «5 A GREAT KESTOKATIVE. IXV1GORA-
1 tor and Nervine.
The moft wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for the Sexual Organs, for both sexes.
The Mexican Remedy tor Diseases of the Kid-
neys and Bladder. Sells on Its own merits.
NABER. ALFS & BRUNE. Agents.
S2S Market St., 8. F. — (Send for Circular*.)
DR. GROSSMAN'S SPECIFIC MIXTURE
For th« etir« of GONORRHEA. GLEETS.
gXRJCTURES end analogous complaints of th»
Organ* of Generation. . .
Pric* fl a tottle. For »&!• by flru«liu.