General Strike^ Order Issued by President Shaffer Resulted in About
14^000 More Men; Going Out, Making 60,000 Idle '
STRUGGLE FOR MASTERY BETWEEN
THE BILLION-DQLLAR STEEL TRUST
AND WORKERS IS ON IN EARNEST
COMMANDANT OF THE BOSTON
NAVY YARD AND THE OFFICER
WHCT WILL SUCCEED HIM.- \" : : '
SCENES IN STEEL STRIKE.
BLACK DOTS SHOW WHERE
MEN ARE CALLED OUT.
Should Uphold Monroe Doctrine.
The : Pittsburgh, Dispatch; says:., 'The
United States 'should be 'prepared to up
hold the:; Monroe • doctrine -.'.where -'abso-!'
¦ The Philadelphia , Inquirer, . says edlto
torially:. "We cannot; 1 believe ' that 'there,
is any. serious danger In' this Colombia-
Venezuela business, .but \ we are , entirely
with \ the Herald to | this extent— if the
administration should discover ; any men
ace- it, would .be t justified , In ordering a
fleet 'to . Colombian ' waters. , That : couid
be very readily done as a measure of pre
caution r for -the protection "of our inter
ests, just | as we * protected ' ourselves in
China. It. would not 'be. a war measure.
It would not I even be • a threat, for';. the
nation that is always prepared ¦through
its navy- for[. emergencies simply com
mands; peace." " . -.
"If, In the interest of_ peace, warships
are to be sent to Colon- and Panama,, the
more powerful the fleet - the , more surely
will the rights of loreigners be respected
by the governments of Venezuela and Co-,
lombia over the Isthmus of Panama, and
to do so our warships' must , be where
they can protect American and - foreign
Interests In : both Venezuela and Colom
bia." " ' / • ,'".V:: : :'V : ' ¦; ¦¦' v \
NEW YORK, Aug. 12.— The position
taken by the Herald in its recent edito
rial' advocating a speedy demonstration'
in Colombian waters in order to forestall
European intervention In Venezuelan-Co
lombian affairs has elicited the following
expressions of opinions': . . , »
The Philadelphia Public Ledger to-mor
row -will say: . ¦ -•' , .- .' ¦• . , . . . ¦ .,...;
Show Supremacy.
Opinions That Uncle Sam Should
FAVOR NAVAL DISPLAY.
Mr. Herran. Colombian Charge d'Af
faires in Washington, will leave for New
York on Wednesday- to be gone a week on
private matters. He. expects his official
mail from Colombia to-morrow and' hopes
this will enable him to more correctly
gauge the situation in his country.
Should matters assume a more serious
aspect or should there be any apparent
danger of European intervention, the Ma
chias will be reinforced. at Colon, possibly
by the entire North Atlantic squadron.
Squadron May Be Sent.
• News contained In The Call's special
cablegram from Caracas and; in the dis-.
patch from Mr. Russell was considered by
the officials to be of such a serious char
acter as to warrant the taking of steps to
expedite the sending of United States naval
vessels to both sides of the isthmus. The
Machias reported her arrival in Hampton
Roads to : day, and was directed to proceed
at once to Colon. It is expected that she
will get under way to-night. /Several days
have been lost by the department in trying
to get in communication" with the battle
ship Wisconsin, which has been cruising off
Puget Sound. These .efforts, were aban
doned to-day, and the battleship .Iowa,
Rear Admiral Casey's flagship, was or
dered from Puget Sound to San Francisco.
Upon her arrival at the latter place, un
less the situation has materially changed,
she will be ordered at once to Panama to
reinforce the Ranger, which will be there
ahead of her. -..--'.
Hurrying the Warships.
B Acting Secretary of State Adee to-day
received a dispatch froni Mr. Russell.
American Charge d' Affaires in Caracas,
asking for authority to take charge of the
archives and other property of the Colom
bian Legation at-Caracnpiduring'the ab
sence, iof the" Jd.intster|^7§irr 'Adec' &t ' once
cabled him authority. 7 MroRussell'B/dls
patch contained nothing which threw any
light on the reasons for .the. departure, of
the Colombian Minister; * . ' .
CALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET, N.
W.. WASHINGTON, Aug. 12.— There is no
longer any doubt that the relations be
tween Colombia and Venezuela i are
strained almost to the breaking. point as
a result of the conviction entertained by
the Colombian authorities that the insur
rection in their country is receiving active
support from Venezuelan officials, who are
acting with the full knowledge of . Presi
dent _Castro. No news can be. obtained
from Bogota, the capital of Colombia, ow
ing; to the' interruption of cable communi
cation. Dispatches from Venezuela, howr
ever, indicate that the Colombian Minister
left Caracas to-day in- such a manner as
to clearly convey to President Castro. the
knowledge that his Government holds
Venezuela responsible for recent events on
the border. , V ¦.-•: . .' ? -
• WILLEGMLST AD, Curacao, Aug. 12.
— The Colombian legation left Caracas
to-day.
Warships Will" Assemble on
Both Sides of . the Isthmus
and Uphold the Mon
roe Doctrine.
ropean^ Interference.
Steps Takes by United
States to Prevent Eu-
Colombia Now Severs All
Relationf With
Venezuela.
LEGATION
HAS LEFT
CARACAS
Continued on Fago Two.
Continue (Ton Page Two.
LAREDO. Tex., Aug. 12.-Governor
Guadalupe Maynero of the - State cf
T&maulipas. Mexico, is dead at his home
In Victoria, capital of the State.
Governor Mavnero Hz id.
SEATTLE, Aug. 12.— "Denver" Ed Mar
tin was awarded the verdict in the .twen
ty-round contest with Fred Russell at
Grand Opera-house to-night in j the tenth
round on a foul. • The contest, was a' slug
ging match from start to finish, Russell
being badly punished. •¦>¦.*.!
Martin Wins on a Foul.
LONDON, Aug. 13.— "A murder result-
Ing from a vendetta of twenty years*
duration," says a dispatch to the Dally
Mail from Vienna, "occurred in a, church
at Obotti, Sunday. A general fight en
sued In the church between the respec
tive partisans, with the result that seven
persons were killed and twenty-three
wounded."
detta Renew the Quarrel With
Terrible Result.
Respective Partisans of an Old Ven-
MANY KILLED DURING
FIGHT < IN A CHTTItCH
In the course of a description of the op
erations Lord Kitchener. says that Gen
eral French in Cape Colony is "gradually
driving the enemy's scattered bands
northward." ¦ • .../''
"I am glad to be able to send the largest
return I have yet had for one week. Since
August 5 the columns • report . 39 Boers
killed, 20 wounded, including Commandant
Moll dangerously; 639 prisoners, including
Wolmarens, late chairman of the First
Volksraad; 85 surrenders. Including Com
mandant de Vellieres, and the capture of
24,400 rounds of ammunition, 754 wagons,
55S0 horses and large quantities of stock.
Most of the captures were* made in Or
ange River colony."
LONDON, Aug. 12.-In a long dispatch
Issued to-night, reporting the operations
of various columns. Lord Kitchener said:
BRUSSELS, Aug. 12.-Mr. Kruger's
friends here say he has received a report
that there are now 77,000 burghers and
12,000 rebel Afrikanders under arms and
well supplied with weapons and ammuni
tion, although provisions are very scarce.
J- Austen Chamberlain, who followed,
declined to nctiee the attack upon his
father, "but f=a:<! lie- thought It a cruel
thins to cast reflections upon I»rd Strath
cona and Mount Royal because the latter
had been selected by Canada to" sit on the
cable board.
The House passed to a second reading
the Pacific cable bill, by a vote of 1S3 to
59. In the course of the debate. James
C. Flynn, Nationalist, who opposed the
l:i!l. made a personal attack on the Colon
ial F«-r«?tary and upon Lord Strathcona
em-3 Mccnt Royal.
Timothy Healy, amid laughter, re
marked that the Home Secretary had
shown great resignation, but not the sort
of resignation the House wanted.
Mr. Ritchie, the Home Secretary, an
nounced that the Government would ac
cept the decision.
LONDON, Aug. 12.— The Government
ttsls defeated In the House of Commons
to-night In the course of the debate on
the factory bill. The House supported,
by 163 to 141« a proposal opposed by the
Government that textile factories should
close at noon Instead of 1» o'clock p. m.
as now. The opposition and the Irish
members cheered wildly.
It is charged that these fraudulent
practices have been going on undiscov
ered for many years and that several offi
cials, whose duty it was to appraise im
portations of silk, have been able to re
tire from, office with comfortable for
tunes bestowed upon them by favored im
porters. '
Through collusion between importers
and employes in the customs service, it is
said the Treasury Department has been
defrauded of duties amounting to millions
of dollars.
NEW YORK, Aug. 12.— Bold frauds up
on the customs service which, for extent
and magnitude have never been equaled,
were disclosed to-day as a result of com
plaints that invoices of silk had been held
up unduly by the appraiser of the port.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
On Silk Imports Govern
ment Is Cheated Out
of Millions.
British Government Lost
Vote on the Factory
Closing Bill.
Seventy-Seven Thousand
Burghere and Many
Rebels in Field.
Reports from Wheeling and Bellaire In
dicate that there may be trouble there.
At the latter place an attempt is to ba
made to keep the plant in operation, and
the mill officials say that If they or the
men who did not go out are Interfered
with they will ask for the State militia
to protect them. At Wheeling reports that
men were to be imported have brought
out crowds bent on preventing their ad
mission, and It is predicted that there
will be serious clashes there before the
strike is settled. Most of the strike cen
ters and Pittsburgh iu particular are very
orderly, however. The strikers at Canal
Dover, Ohio, have had men watching tha
mills since 2 o'clock this morning: on the
strength of a report that non-union work
ers were to be brought there. Superin
tendent Harris of the tlnplate mill has
notified the men that unless the plant 13
reopened within a reasonable time he ha3
orders to commence dismantling it. Man
ager Warner has made the same an
nouncement to the men who went out of
his service.
The executive committee of the Amalga-
and property. A large crowd of strikers
assembled around the works this morning
and their pickets intercepted the workers j
on their way to the mills. There was some
excitement, and the mill officers, claiming
that their ¦ men were being threatened
and In danger of violence, called oh Mayor
Black to clear the streets and protect
them. The Mayor said that he would only
interfere to stop actual rioting and as
sault. Two other appeals were made to
him later in the morning, but he Insisted
that there was no danger of an outbreak.
Another crowd gathered at noon when
the tube men were leaving the plant, and
although the workers were Jeered no vio
lence was offered. The strikers say that
it is only a question of time when material
will give out and the tube men must quit.
Otherwise it is believed that there would
be serious trouble in McKeesport.
BOLD FRAUDS
ON UNCLE SAM
Navy Yard. In- compliance with his re
quest orders will be issued in a few days
directing his detachment on September 1
and ordering Rear Admiral Mortimer L.
Johnson, at present in command of the
naval station at Port Royal, to succeed
him.
MEETS A DEFEAT
IN THE COMMONS
CALL, BUREAU. -1406 G STREET,
N. W.. WASHINGTON. Aug. 12.—
Re^r Admiral Sampson's health
has failed him to such a degree
that he has informed the Navy
Department of his desire to be relieved
from duty as commander of the Boston
*' We -have' no .official /information -about the
situation .in; the ;. West... I. do. not believe -Vice
President/ Davis 'of Chicago ;, has ..-. accepted a
Buperlntendency ' from ithe trust.-: as reported:
My -only* regret, is that, the ' men working in'
.'An appeal for financial aid has been
made to. organized, labor, and to the gen
eral public, and it is expected that the re
sponses to it will be liberal. The Amal
gamated leaders were not disposed to do
much : talking to-day. > They .would not
discuss the desertion of their Western fol
lowers, although Shaffer made" what was
evidently intended ;for^ a brief ¦ reference
to them in a. short. statement he gave out
at noon. Another declaration in the same
interview was regarded 'as highly signifi
cant here. . It was to the effect that' no
effort would be made to call out the mem
bers of the American Federation i of } La
bor,' and that any action on their part
must-be voluntary. .:' ' ' ¦ :
President Shaffer 'made a brief state
ment. Hbsaid:, . , - -. ' V ,
An Appeal for Financial Aid.
The strikers made gains here to-day
over the showing of last night, and their
prospects for further accessions at both
McKeesport and ' Wheeling during the
week are very favorable. The action of
the Amalgamated Association at Chicago,.
Joliet and Bayview in refusing to come
out and their failure to secure any .re-,
crults in the Carnegie group throughout
the KisKimlnetas Valley and in the big
plants at Youngstown ~ and Columbus,-
Ohio, 'have been marked by disappoint
ment to them. ' They are keeping up the
fight, however, in a spirited manner, and
claim. that they have' strength in reserve
which will surprise their opponents. They
assert that they have gained a foothold
In the Carnegie mills in this city and that
at .the time desired the men will come out.
They 'are pressing their g advantages at
McKeesport and Wheeling and their or
ganizers are still at work in those two
cities. ;' President Shaffer has decided to
personally visit Wheeling and will go
there Wednesday to address a mass meet
ing of his followers. He plans to spend
to-morrow here directing the fight and
conferring with his associates as to plans
for; the future.
P1TTSBURG, Pa., Aug. .12.— The
struggle ; for mastery between
manufacturers and men in the
steel' industry is ¦ now; fairly
launched; and on the first show
of "strength advantage is with the former.
The general strike order issued by Presi
dent Shaffer of the Amalgamated Asso
ciation has so far been obeyed by only
about 14,000 men, according to the best
figures obtainable here. The first two
preliminary calls were answered by about
45,000, men, so that the total number now
out is In the neighborhood. of 60,000.
: . Officials of- the National Tube Company
and Mayor Black clashed to-day over the
question of protection for non-strikers
Clash" With the Mayor.
• The men who are directing the fight in
the ficld.for the steel corporation and its
constituent companies' would give no indl-,
cation iof; their plans for the future, and
would only discuss the situation gener
ally. A statement alleged to have been
given out officially at noon was repu
diated-later -in the >day. Jherfr reports
showed that the Carnegie" group,- South
Chicago, Bay View, Jollet, Youngstown,
Columbus, the Klskimlnetas Valley group,
.Wellsville and . Monessen works were
movlrig along, lull handed. Bellaire, their
advices showed, was badly crippled, but
had held on until 5 o'clock in. the after
noon and would be started up again to
morrow^ They admitted the loss to-day
of the National rolling mill at McKees
port, which they had expected to hold,
and that the Boston mill and Mononga
hela Steel Works at McKeesport and the
Republic and Elba here were tied up.
Their tube works at ft-cKeesport and here
were still at work, but menaced by a
possible "shortage of material. Their tube
men' at Wheeling were out. but the'fur
' nace and coke men there were at work,
and their steel men there showed an in
clination to stay on unles intimidated.
They ¦ also . claimed that many of their
men at. McKeesport desired to Work but
were being terrorized by the disorderly
element. They also charged that many of
their men -.were being frightened from
their places in Wheeling, and insisted that
adequate protection for the men_ there
would insure continued operations. It was
: also stated.- by the steel officials that
Clark's mill here was moving along with
its non-union crews' engaged last week,
•and that another- mill • manned by old
Amalgamated ..men.' had started •- up at
Wellsville, representing a gain of one
since Saturday. ''^p'~-^yi':^ . :
Additional Plant3 Tied Up.
The appeal for financial assistance was
prepared on Friday last but was not sent
out until to-day. . .
Secretary Williams said: , •
r I -think ''the greatest surprise of the j strike
will come to the steel officials when they find;
.we have invaded the Carnegie plant.' We have
•reliable reports to the effect that, the lowfr,
city mill Is tied up, and that but one mill In
the upper plant is on. We have not made
known our plans, and still have some surprises
for the manufacturers. • *
the slave .pens of the trust : had - not : spirit
enough ' to come "out ' and Join 1 the.' strikers. I
will- not take, any rart : In .calling; out the
'American Federation of Labor. Its action must
be , : voluntary..^ The /Amalgamated 'Association
has not lost anything, but has made gains.
BOERS KEEPING
UP A BIC ARMY
It is" improbable also that Captain Lem
ly. judge advocate of the proposed court
of inquiry, will ask the Government for
assistance in handling the case.
Speculation has been indulged in lately
at the Navy Department as to whether
Admiral Sampson will be represented by
counsel in the forthcoming Schley court
of inquiry, and whether Judge Advocate
General Lemly will call on -the Govcrn
ment:for legal assistance in handling the
case.". Examination of the law in the
premises elicits the fact that Admiral
Sampson is not entitled to legal repre
sentation at the hearings of the court.
From an official view point Admiral
Sampson does not figure in the inquiry
at all.
Admiral Sampson has been in poor
health ever since the Spanish war, and It
Is not expected that he will be again as
signed to duty. He will remain on • watt
ing orders until his retirement next Feb
ruary. Acting Secretary of the Navy
Hackett said this afternoon that he did
not know whether or not Admiral Samp
son would be ordered to Washington as a
witness before the Schley court of in
quiry. The 'admiral's testimony will be
very important.ftut it is possible that his
health will be" such as to make it Impossi
ble for him to appear before the court in
person, in which event his testimony
might be secured by sending interroga
tories to his home.
Testimony to Be Secured
by Interrogatories to
His Home.
May Not Be Able to Ap
pear at Coming Court
of Inquiry.
Failing Health of the Officer Who Figures in the Controversy
With Schley \ Causes His Early Retirement From
Active Service*
REAR ADMIRAL JOHNSON WILL
SUCCEED SAMPSON IN COMMAND
OF THE NAVY YARD AT BOSTON
VOLUME XC-NO. 74.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAN FRANGISCO, TUESDAY, AUGUST 13, 1901.;.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
• General Appeal for Im
mediate Financial Aid
Is Made to Organ- '5>r
ized American
Labor.Oregon: Original— James Duffeny, Jew
ell. $8. Increase and restoration—Jere
miah Martin, Portland, $8. Original wid
ow, etc.— Lucy Wright, Albany, $6.-
Pensions granted: California— Original
—Hiram Pratt. Norwalk. $6;- Timothy
O'Leary, Menlo Park, $8;' James D. Dres
ser. Soldiers' Home. Los Angeles, $6: John
Edwards, Visalia, $8; Henry M. Rogers,
San Jose. $8. War with Spain, original—
Alwill Haeklander, Riverside. $6; Frank
Butler, Hueneme. $14'. Widows — Ruth A.
Lambert, Whlttier, $12; Margaret J. Jilve
ley. Corona, $8.
WASHINGTON, IX C, Aug. 12.—Post
offlce established: Washington—Green
wood, Whatcom County. Marj*E. Hamil
ton, Postmaster. Postmasters commis
sioned : California — Alonzo W. Lee. Lem
on. Washington— Alfred S. Pattoh, Fran
ces. Appointed: California— C. C. Smith,
McCloud, Siskiyou County, vice A. L. So
bey, resigned. Oregon — O. K. Peyton, Pey
ton, Jackson County, vice A. B, Jones, re
signed; William Laird, Situm, Coos Coun
ty, vice F. B. McDowell, resigned.
Of Interest to People of the Coast.
Continued From Page One.*
LEGATION LEAVES:
"The department desires to commend In
the highest terms the legation guard un
der your command on July 21 to August
17, 1900. During this period each member
of the guard behaved in the most credit
able manner under very trying circum
stances. Especially., are . to be mentioned
and - commended Sergeant Edward A:
Walker, M. C; Corporals Martin -Hunt;
and John O. Dahlgren, M. C.^ Seamen
Emil Sjogreen and Alexander Wester
mark for their conspicuous conduct in de
fense of the legation."
Captain J H*UJ and Men Under Him
.' Commended for Heroic Services.
attjPekfng;.
WASHINGTON/Augy 12.— Acting Secre
taryof theNavy T^ackett to-day sent to
Captain N..H. Hall '¦ who commanded the
legation guard at Peking during a. part
of the crlsjs there, a letter of commenda
tion for the heroic services of those-un
der his command .during the siege. The
department had previously sent a letter
of commendation to Captain Myers, who
was the senior officer in command, but
gave way to Captain* Hall on being
wounded. A similar letter would have
been sent to Captain Hall, but at that
time he was under charges made by offi
cials of the American Legation relative
to his course during the siege. A court
bf inquiry, however, fully exonerated
Captain Hall. The letter of commenda
tion is as follows:
BECOQNIZB r TH~E WORTH
OF THE 1 LEGATION GUARD
Nordstrom was convicted of murder an-1
sentenced to be hanged more than nino
years ago. The case has been kept in
the courts ever since through the efforts
of the convicted man's attorneys.
Only recently the Legislature was called In
extra session for the sole purpose of removing
obstacles which I was advised might allow cer
tain murderera to escape, and thus bring our
administration of law Into renewed contempt.
This purpose having been effected. I shall
certainly add no new complications.
The Judgment of the court will stand.
_ . JOHN R. ROGERS.
In Whitman County of thla State, according
to Judge McDonald of that county, some thirty
murders and lynchlnss altogether have taken
place, with only one legal hanging, this lat
ter within the last three years.
Other counties have records not particularly
flatter-Ins to our ideas «f Justice.
In England • or Canada, whatever we may
think of their forma of government, criminal
law is enforced and lynching is practically un
known.
OL.YMPIA. Wash.. Aug. 12, 1900.— Editor of
the Times: A recent editorial Item in your pa
per regarding 1 the Nordstrom case causes mm
to say that under no circumstances will I in
terfere with the Judgment of the courts In this
case. As I view It. a crisis has arisen in
State affairs, in which the question is raised
whether murder is to be punished in "Washing
ton or whether the law la to be made an instru
ment of jugglery for courts and lawyers.
SEATTLE, Aug. 12.— A signed statement
from Governor Rogers appears in the
press to-day, as follows:
terfere to Save Murderer
ITordstrom.
Washington's Executive Will Kot In-
GOVEHNOB DEPLORES
CHEATING OP JTTSTICE
WASHINGTON, Aug. 12.— The State De
partment has received a cablegram 1 - from
Special Commissioner Rockhfll at Peking
.reporting that the draft of .the final"-pro
tocol has been agreed upon. tariff of 5
per cent ad valorem will v be "put in
force two. months after ths.slgning-af the
final protocol excepting on goods shipped
within ten days after signing, and will
continue until the conversion to specific
rates has been effected 'by the expert
commission. The Chinese free list will in
clude rice, foreign cereals, and flour, gold
and silver bullion and coin. This inclu
sion of flour in the free list is of much
importance," particularly to Pacific Coast
shippers.
Rockhill's advices that cereals and flour
have been included in the free list of the
new Chinese tariff is regarded as an im
portant provision owing- to the growth of
American exports of wheat and flour to
China. In 1899 these amounted to $2,298,023.
which was almost double the shipments
of the- preceding year. The trade has con
tinued to increase and the Pacific Coast
interests have looked forward to supply
ing China with a considerable part of her
consumption of wheat and flour, most of
which heretofore has gone from Atlantic
ports around the Horn. Recently the com
mercial organizations on the Pacific Coast
forwarded representations to Washington
showing that a 5 per cent effective tariff
on -flour would work considerable injury
to this trade. It appears now from Rick
hill's dispatch that the 5 per cent tariff
on this article has been wiped out, and
hereafter it will go to China free of duty.
The American shipments of rice and the
other articles mentioned are not very
large, and the inclusion of rice on the
free list -is chiefly due to China's need
of this staple food. J s
Owing to the frequency of drouth and
famine in China the local product of rice
often has been curtailed, .and it has been
necessary to meet the tremendous demand
by allowing rice to come In free of duty
from Slam and other rice producing coun
tries. * .--..
POTSDAM. Aug. 12.-Klngr Edward and
Queen Alexandra -arrived here thla even-
Ing and were met at "Wild Park station by
Emperor ¦William, the Empress and their
eldest sons. Prince and Princess Henry of
Prussia have also arrived.
The coffin wa3 deposited on a car spe
cially prepared and draped for Its recep
tion. This done, the drums sounded a
muffled roll, the troops presented arms,
and the funeral train started for Potsdam
at 9:50 p. m.
The body of the Dowager Empress was
removed by torchlight to-night from the
church to the railway station with a cere
>mony similar to that of Saturday. The
.coffin was borne? from the church by
twelve non-commissioned officers, the or
gan meanwhile playins:. Following- the
coffin were the Crown Prince and Princess
of Greece. Prince and. Princess Charles of
Hesse and a number of court officials. A
crowd of townspeople closed the proces
sion. The cortege was accompanied on
either side by torchbearers and troops
lined the whole route.
Flowers continue to arrive In profusion,
and the tokens include wreaths from the
British-American Home tor Governesses
in Berlin.
CRONBERG. Augr. 12.— By special com
mand of Emperor William, the residents
of- Cronberg were admitted to the church
prior to the removal of the body of the
Dowager Empress Frederick. They moved
In* a long procession past the chancel to
pay a last tribute to one who was identi
fied with so many good causes. Almost all
had reason to remember personally her
charities' and kindness, and many wept.
Many others uttered expressions of deep
regret.
Remains Are Being Borne on
a Special Funeral Train
to Potsdam.
Pacific Coast Shippers
and Merchants.
Protocol Greatly Benefits; the
Will Be Admitted to Em
pire Without Pay
ing Duty.
Residents of Crpnberg
Pay Last Tribute to
Late Empress.
FLOOR ON FREE
LIST AT CHINA
MANY MOURNERS
VIEW THE BODY
¦:, CHILDRESS, Tex., Aug. 12.-The. Bank
of .Chlldress,', owned .by C. S.. Waddington/
failed this afternoon. The assets and" lia
bilities are" unknown, but it :. is . thought
the bank will pay, its creditors in fulL
Failure of. a Texas Bank;
I BALTIMORE, ' Aug. 12.— Joseph I. Ad
ams shot and instantly killed his wife
and a cripple named Charles , Houck at
the Cedar avenue entrance to Druid Hill
Park this morning. It is said jealousy led
to the shooting. ¦ Adams ¦ gave himself to
a policeman and expressed gratification
at what he had done. He is a plasterer
32 years of age, and: lived with . his wife!
who is two years his senior, and four chil
dren. Houck was 28 years of age and lived
alone. .. ¦ ¦¦,-.;-•-
Shot His Wife and a : Cripple.
Elected ".; president -of the University.
Cincinnati;.- Aug.' 12.— The Board of
Trustees .of g the Freedman's Aid | and
Southern Educational Society, met at" their
offices here to-day in, the Methodist Book
Concern -.Building, .with a full- attendance,
and unanimously elected as president of
the New " Orleans University • Dr. E.' M.
Phillips, j chancellor of the Wesleyan Uni
versity and formerly dean of the Univer
sity of Southern California'. ¦ ¦': -.- :¦•:;.
¦ BOSTON, Aug. 12.— The Plant "¦ .- line"
steamer Halifax, Captain^ Pye, from Char
lottestown, v Port Hawkesbury : and Hali
fax, N. S., struck a ledge off Minot's light
while ' coming into, port In a thick fog
early to-day. She freed herself, however,
and - was beached . in a sinking condition;
Tugs and lighters went from here for pas
sengers and baggage. . r
. The » steamer lef t ¦ Halifax last Saturday
night and was^due here to-day. • As it was
near, high tide^and aathe 6teamef floated
without great " difficulty :¦: it was . thought'
she was not seriously 'damaged. It soon
appeared, however, that | she was, leaking. 1
Accordingly,; ; - i the ' captain-,. headedV" for
Georges Island and beached her!" '
Later in the.day tugs reached here with
PtTEBLO, Colo.. Aug. 32.-A noisy crowd
at Rovers' Club to-night sa.w Abe Attell
.and "Jack" Dempsey. fight twenty rounds
There was plenty of skillful sparring, but
no . serious results except that Dempsey
Ehed some blood. The decision was given
to Attell and caused grumbling.
Attell Given the Decision.
Offers Himself as a Subject.
DENVER. Colo.. Aug. 12.— In view of
the interest taken in the question of
whether or not animal tuberculosis can
be communicated to human beings. T L.
aionson. State Dairy Commissioner of
Colorado, offers himself as a subject for
a thorough test of the matter, provided
a euitable annuity for his family is as
sured in case of fatal results.. Monson
has made a study of the matter and is
a strong believer in Dr. Koch's theory.
Have a Desperado in- Charger '
PUEBLO, Colo., Aug. 12.-Sheriff A. J :
Young of San Marcial county, Utah, with
a deputy, passed" through .here to-day for
the' "West, having in custody Todd Car
ney,' alias: Hllllard, who was arrested
somewhere in New Mexico, charged with
being - one of the men who some -¦ time
ago held up a train in Wyoming, killed
a . sheriff and escaped into the Hol»-ln
the-Wall country. = ¦ -':
, COPENHAGEN. Aug." li— Two of the
prizes created, under the terms' of the will
of the late Alfred Nobel.. the Swedish en
gineer and chemist, who left : $1000,000 of
a fortune of $10,000,000 as- a fund to pro
vide prizes for the advancement of sci
ence, will be awarded respectively to Pro
;fessor Finsen of Denmark for founding
the ( light treatment of lupus and Profes
sor Pavloff, the Russian physiologist for
his ' researches . in nutrition.- Each prize
Is of the value of 200.000 Danish crowns.
Noted Professors Win Prizes.
Steamer Strikes a Ledge,
While Heading for V;
Boston Harbor.
CHICAGO, Aug. 12.-A dynamite bomb
or a bottle of nitro-glycerin, presumably,
the latter, was exploded in the rear.^of
George Little's saloon' on' South " Clark
street late : last';nlght, killing" one person
and injuring, five others: Thedead ' •. :
V VINCENZO - ALFINO, aged 30,; head aU
most blown off and .one arm 'missing. " "
u-The. injured: .Ruby Fox. cut about head
and body by glass, taken to hospital/may
die; George, McConneli; coachman, injured
about ihead and" body, : will recover; Peter
•Diamond,: cut _ about , hands; and arms-
Thomas ; Little, > bartender, bruised- -Ed
ward Black, bruised.".: ; -; ; r : : ¦¦-, ¦ • ¦; ¦ . ., ¦ T
. -. When , the • explosion occurred a ¦ score or
more r of persons were in the saloon, • but
as far as known none besides those.men
tioned was injured.' The rear part of the
saloon was wrecked. -,'»»uulijc«
One Man Instantly Killed
and Several OtheV ft
People Iniured;
A detective from Cincinnati has arrested
George Stag, living near Franklin, pre
sumably in connection with the affair.
MIDDLETOWN, O., Aug. 12.— The facts
in a shocking murder were just made
known*here to-day.' Edward Grossman of
Manchester, Mich., who met his death on
April 31st last, was supposed to have been
struck by a train. A different story Is
told by a man named Medlar, who Is dy
ing from consumption in a Cincinnati hos
pital. He states that Grossman was work
ing in a paper mill at Franklin, 'Ohio, and
incurred the enmity of other employes,
who placed a rope about his neck and
raised and lowered • him' from a beam,
finally hurling his head against the Iron
shafting, fracturing his skull. Grossman
was then placed upon the railroad tracks
to cover up the crime.
Hide the' Crime.
Says the Body o^ the Victim Was
. Placed on a Railway Track to >
DYING PATIENT TELLS
• . THE STORY OF A MTTRDER
• The •; Halifax is • a steel screw steamer,
sailing under British registry. , She is 250.3
feet long, 35 feet beam and 21.5 feet deep.
Her tonnage is 958. . She was built at Glas
gow-in'1888. •v^V'- -¦•.'•. :• C y J •
passengers from the strandad steamer, in
cluding the -famous, scullers McGuire,
;Whitehead and Wray.and members of the
Philadelphia cricket team.
An officer of the. vessel says 'that the
Halifax struck about 5. o'clock this morn-
Ing. By her own efforts the vessel floated
as. the tide rose. -'Her fore compartmenta
were full of water, and- Captain 1 Pye de
cided to beach the. craft. -which he did on
Georges Island. : The Halifax carried 250
passengers .and a' cargo of miscellaneous
freight. There was .little or no excitement
among :the,.passengers. ,.:-..'
¦ The steamer is in an easy position and
is believed to-be in little danger, of fur
ther, damage unless a northeastern etorm
should set in; --• ' ¦' ...
. The Claim Is Now Made That the
, . Men Have Been Deceived by
Th-eir New Leaders.
• TAMPA, Fla., Aug. 12.— The Resistencla
. Cigar-makers* Union, now on strike here,
. Bhowed evidence of almost total collapse
to-day. Two of Its soup houses were
closed to-day because it could not buy
food. One was on half rations all dav
Delegates made overtures to the Inter
national Union to-day, it is said, but the
latter union declined to consider them.
After the deportations 2000 strikers regis
tered their desire to leave the city, and
an agent was sent to Havana to secure a
vessels. The boat was to have been here
. Saturday, but has not arived. An. indig
nation meeting is being held by the strik
ers to-night, on the suspicion that they
have been deceived by new leaders
TAMPA CIGAR-MAKERS
STRIKE IS COLLAPSING
\ NEW, YORK, Aug. 12.— The new Amer
ica's cup challenger Shamrock II lay at
anchor off Sandy Hook last night and to-
a Better Boat Than Consti
''¦ ? '.fution.
Shamrock's Master Says Columbia Is
CAPTAIN SYCAMORE CONPIDENT
The first meeting of -the society will be
held to-morrow In Assembly Hall, and
will be devoted to roll call, appointment
of committees and other routine work in
cidental to such gatherings. In the even
ing an elaborate musical ¦ programme, in
terspersed with .patriotic addresses by
prominent local and visiting delegates,
will be given In the Mormon Tabernacle.
SALT LAKE. Utah, Aug. 13.— Th© ad
vance guard of delegates to the second
annual reunion of ..the army of the Phil
ippines began arriving in this city early
to-day, and to-night several hundred vet
erans, of the Spanish war are enjoying
the hospitality of the city of Salt Lake.
The main body of -soldiers Is not expect
ed, however, .until to-morrow morning.
The arrivals to-day Included delegates
from Nebraska, Arkansas. Wyoming,
Montana and Colorado, among the latter
being Brigadier General Irving Hale, the
first vice president of the national soci
ety, who will preside over the sessions
in. the absence \ of the president, General
Francis V. Greene.
Preside Over Deliberations of
the Society.
Brigadier General Irving Hall Will
VETERANS OE. SPANISH WAS
: GATHERING AT SALT LAKE
WARREN, Ohio, Aug. 12.— The first vio
lence during the present steel workers'
strike In the Mahonlng Valley occurred at
Niles this afternoon when an angry crowd
of tin mill men surrounded the Erie train
from Lisbon. But for the prompt action
of the police five men would' have been
mobbed. Excitement runs high at Nlles
and if an attempt is made to operate the
tin mill there serious trouble will result.
CLEVELAND, Aug. 12.— Sixteen Im
ported men were successfully landed' at
the Crescent tin plate mills after 7 o'clock.
A crowd of BOO strike sympathizers Jeered
the new comers, but other than the sar
casm expressed in words there was no
untoward action. District Manager.Bam
field of the American Tin Plate Company
said to-night that four out of the six mills
would be running in the morning and tliat
the entire plant would be' In operation
within a few days. The new comers
marched into the mills in couples and
were Berved with supper Inside. They
will also sleep Inside the factory grounds.
Surround Imported Men.
Angry Crowds of Tin Mill Workers
FTRST VIOLENCE OCCURS.
tional grand circuit meet of the National
Cycle Association in the Stadium at the
Pan-American grounds to-day Henshaw
and Hedistrom of Springfield, Mass., went
, after the world's motor-paced tandem rec
ord for a mile and succeeded In clipping
, 1 4-5 seconds off the best former mark,
covering the distance in 1:18 2-5« the fast
est mile ever ridden on a tour-lap track
. G. W. Butler of Buffalo lowered the mo
. tor bicycle record of 7:16 2-5 to 6:18 for five
miles.
Joe Fulton of Springfield, Mass., went
after the five-mile amateur record, motor
. paced. He succeeded in lowering the rec
ords for two and three miles, established
by Walter Smith; the four miles, estab
lished by Dalke, and the five miles, made
by Nelson at Vallsburg on Saturday. Nel
' eon's record was 8:13 1-5 and the Spring
¦ field man covered the distance in 8:02 1-5.
Fulton's glory was short lived, however,
' lor Walter Smith came out an hour later
and again established new marks for the
: four and five miles, his time being 6:17 and
7:o3, respectively.
Nearly Two Seconds Clipped OS the
World's Motor Pacsd Tandem
Record for a Mile.
BUFFALO. Aug. 12.— At the interna-
BICYCLISTS CONTINUE
4* TO LOWER THE RECOKDS
RUNS AGROUND
IN A THICK FOG
NEWPORT. R. I., Aug. 12.-Th©
Constitution covered the triangu
lar course -of thirty miles-to-day
in 33 seconds less time than the
Columbia. .The champ'Ion of '99,
however, wins the race on time allowance
by about thirty seconds. No corrected
time can be given, as the boats have not
yet been remeasured as requested. In
previous races the Constitution had.al
lowed the Columbia one minute and
seventeen seconds. What change in meas
urement the new rig of the Constitution
will necessitate Is not known, but it is es 7
timated that she now allows the old boat
only a few seconds less time, if any..
The finish to-day was. the noteworthy
and only exciting feature of the contest.
When within a mile of the line the Con
stitution made a short tack that undoubt
edly lost her the race. Both boats were
coming in close hauled on the starboard
tack, the Constitution fully two minutes
in the lead. The light wind had headed
them a bit and it was found that 'they
could not fetch between the- committee
boat and the lightship.. .The Constitution
was pointing fairly- well and making good
speed, with a number two jib topsail. The
Columbia, with a similar jib topsail, was.
also- coming fast, 'directly astern and for.
the. last forty minutes had been .slowly
creeping up. But the line was now near
at hand, and, barring mistake, the Con
stitution looked. a sure winner, well with
in the allowance. .Not willing to leave
well enough alone,*' nowever, Captain
Rhodes suddenly put the ' Constitution
about on the port tack, crossing the Co
lumbia's bow and immediately tacked
again. .• :'¦' ¦ - ".
While the new boat's sails were^ twice*
shaking in stays the Columbia, with a
good full, still on the starboard tack,
A quick change was made from the
large jib topsail to the baby, and for a
few minutes- Captain Rhodes worked up
on the weather quarter of the Columbia.
Captain Barr could not come about, ao
both :boats overstood the mark. Captain
Rhodes -slowly -coming down on- his
weather and thus regaining part Of his
lost advantage. Suddenly the Constitu
tion put about and made for the line. /The
Columbia followed at once, but the new
boat having a better speed at* the time
.was quicker in stays .and 'was well away
while • the:- old - boat, was tacking. She
luffed: under the bow of. the. committees
boat' exactly a minute ahead, of the Co-,
lumbia. But she had started twenty-seven
seconds -ahead, and thus in actual ¦ tinio
'beat the old boat : only thirty-three sec
onds. '-.-•-¦ / ¦•-¦;.• j ..-••• - .;¦ - ¦
Mr. Duncan said on coming ashore that
: he thought the Constitution would allow
the Columbia about one minute and five
seconds on. the new measurement, which
would give the race to the Columbia, by
about thirty seconds. ¦••¦
was bowling along at good speed, headed,
only a few hundred yards- to the lee of
the line. ¦ The short time that the Con
stitution was gathering headway -after tha
last tack the Columbia reached through
her and went ahead, though still slightly
in, the lee of the new boat. It was an
exciting , moment and. every eye was
¦strained *to watch what promised to be. a
finish full of % sensation. Nor could the
Constitution fetch the line.
The Minneapolis Times says: "Europe
must be given no pretext for, interference,
for -."that would "-. mean a foothold
and an opening that might com
pel : us - either to abandon all
pretense of solicitude for republi
canism in South America or entangle us
in serious complications with England or
Germany. A show of authority now will
be the best preventive of grave trouble
later on.'-'/ . .
The St. Louis Republic agrees with
the Herald that no European power can
safely be permitted to take priority of
the United States in a course of inter
vention. At the same time the Republic
does not see that the time has arrived
for" a coercive- demonstration, either aa
interference with the domestic affairs of
Colombia, or as a prohibition of Vene
zuela's action.
Cannot .Permit Intervention.
The Buffalo Courier says of the situa
tion in Colombia and Venezuela: "With
revolutions in progress and recognized
war between two countries imminent, the
contingency" of European intervention
must be seriously considered. American
interests , must, of course, be protected,
as far as they can with justice claim
protection, and foreign intervention to
the extent of seizing South American ter
ritory certainly cannot be permitted, if
deference is given to the- sentiment of
the American people, irrespective of par
ties." - .
lutely necessary to prevent European ac
quisition of territory or the seizure of
governmental powers, but we should not
seek any quarrel or take grave steps
.without positive evidence of their neces
sity to preserve the independence of the
American republics."-
mated Association will probably make an
exhaustive investigation of the action
taken by the lodges at South Chicago,
Bayview and Joliet, in refusing to make
the strike. President Shaffer has been
urged to go West and personally inves
tigate the matter, but it is unlikely that
he will be able to spare the time for the
present. A radical element in the local
lodges bitterly denounces the .Western
members and insists that there was
something irregular about the 1 matter.
Others intimate that influences that would
not bear investigation were used on the
men. It is claimed that a canvass made a
week ago showed a majority in favor of
striking, and that no reasonable explana
tion of the change of front has been
made. President Shaffer refrains from any
direct criticism of the action of the West
ern men, but it is known he deeply re
grets the loss of their support. He says
that he will await official reports before
acting, and that he can do nothing until
he returns from Wheeling. He is to be
accompanied to Wheeling by Rev. Charles
H. Fitzwilllam of Atlantic City, who will
also address the strikers. The two were
close friends when the strike leader was
in the ministry. .
DYNAMITE BOMB
WRECKS SALOON
Captain Sycamore, who is to have abso
lute charge of the Shamrock II in the
races, gave it as his opinion that the Co
lumbia Is a better boat than the Constitu
tion. . , • •¦ .
"We know what the Columbia can do
We pretty nearly know v/hat Is expected
from the Constitution. The latter has not
yet beaten the time of the Columbia orran
average of six minutes, and, speaking for
myself, I do, not hesitate to say that she
must exceed that average throughout if
she is to beat the new Shamrock.""-
Captain William Matthews, the com
mander of the Erin, said: ¦. . ' . -.•¦'..
¦ "We fear the Columbia more than we
do the^ Constitution. The limit has been
reached^ beyond any doubt, ; and : few
aboard believe that the Herreshoffs have
succeeded in making any noticeable im
provement upon the Columbia. The Con
stitution will doubtless be selected to
meet the Shamrock II because really she
has not had a. lair test of her ability,' and
Is likely to do better toward the end of
the^ season. Every big racing yacht does
better during- her second season, or to
war £ .the end of her first .year. The Co
lumbia is at her best now. She will never
again be as fast as she is now. It re-
m £« *£° , scen . lf the Constitution can
whip the Columbia repeatedly and con
sistently in all kinds of weather. Person
ally .1 doubt that she can."
Hardly had her anchor hit the bottom
of a Tompkinsville bar before throngs ap
peared on the hill and the pierheads to
study her. lines with their glasses.'
Captain. Hamilton, navigating officer of
the Shamrock, stated • to a Gall corre
spondent that the yacht had been : towed
about two-thirds of the way from the
Azores. Prevailing winds from the south
southeast gave them 'a fair wind all the
way. They got into the tall end of an
easterly gale August 4 and carried away
two topsail sheets. That was the only
mishap of the voyage. The total length
of the voyage was 3769 miles and the
actual running time 14 days 9 hours and 45
minutes. ¦ ¦ . - . .-
day was towed up the bay to Tompkins
ville, Staten Island. She^ will be taken at
once to Erie basin, where she will be
stripped and jj her racing mast stepped.
Her spars are ready and there will be no
delay In getting her into racing trim. The
challenger received a lively and enthusi
astic welcome from every craft in the
harbor as she came up the bay intow of
the tug Robert Haddon. The skippers of
the 1 tugs loosed their whistles and the
New York wailed a salute with her siren.
The. Erin acknowledged the salute' with
three deep blasts.
One glance was sufficient to convince
the experts that Watson-had built a much
handsomer boat than the, old Shamrock
She looks the fastest boat ever turned out
in British waters. One of her beauties is
Watson's peculiar tilt of the counter.
There is no flatness or tumble-home along
the top. sides, and her great overhang
gives her the appearance of speed. She
was painted green, like the Irish Knight's
first challenger.
NEW AMERICA'S CUP CHAL
LENGER AND THE SYNDI
CATE'S NEW DEFENDER.
Armoret Wins the American Purse.
GLEXS FALLS. N. Y., Aug. 12.—
Grand Circuit races summary:
2:12 pace, the American, purse $1500—
Armoret won the first, sixth and seventh
heats. Best time, 2:12%. Balmy I won
the fourth and sixth heats. Best time,
2:12%. Jack Harting won the third heat
in 2:11%. Diavola won the second heat
in 2:11%. Don Riley and Toneto also
startedr
2:24 class, pace, the Suburban, purse
$1500— New Richmond won three. straight
heats. Best time, 2:11%. John H,' Tommy
Me, John R: Potts, Rajah. Miss '¦ Irma,-
Louisa G, Stark and Tiger also started.
2:25 class, trotting, the Breeders', 3
year-olds, purse $1000— Melton won two
straight heats. Best time, 2:23^. Haw
thorne also started.
STRUGGLE IS ON.
Continued From Page One.
LONDON. Aug. 12.— At to-day's session
of the South African Condensation Com
mission Newton Crane, counsel of the
American claimants, submitted the Amer
ican claims.
Dr. A. F. Conroy of Chicago, a member
of the Red Cross Society, asks for £7000
for losses of surgical instruments, horses
and wagons. A. J. Gievener, formerly of
Galveston, Tex., now stranded in Saxony,
went to South Africa In the capacity of
assayer and was deported from. East Lon
don. He asserts he is ruined in health
and fortune and wants £10,000. He makes
his claim in a letter to President McKin
ley, with whom, he says, he fought in the
Shenandoah Valley during the Civil War.
S. J. Ahrtug of Brooklyn, who was ex
pelled from Bloemfontein, requires £800
for the loss of his grocery and goods.
' Anna Wedeking of Brooklyn claims £134
for deportation and loss of employment
in the capacity of cook.
Nine miners claim various sums for de
portation. They were accused of com
plicity in the plot against Lord Roberts.
Crane said the claims were made in be
half of the United States Government.
Chairman Milvaln said he thought no
allowance could be made except for legal
claims. Something possibly might be
given to others as an act of grace, but
the Foreign Office has laid down the prin
ciple that the military authorities had
power to expel any one hostile or lncon*
venlent.
Crane objected to this view and pressed
the commission for a clearer exposition
of its powers.
The chairman somewhat testily told
Crane he must not interrogate the Com
missioners.
Crane divided the claimaints into three
classes — those deported for causes other
than the plot against Lord Roberts, those
wrongfully deported and those accused
of complicity in the plot. He objected to
the term "act of grace" used by Chair
man Milvain, saying it was an act of
diplomacy for the preservation, of the
comity of nations. If in diplomacy an
Embassador was told bis Government's
representations were only considered as
an "act of grace" it might be dangerous.
Less than that had produced war.
Sir John Ardagh, the representative of
the Foreign Office, contended that Dr.
Conroy's expedition was composed of
men who threw away their Red Cross
badges and joined the fighting Boers. Sir
John read a letter from Lord Kitchener
asserting that the acts of the main claim
ants justified their arrest, the accusation
of complicity in the plot against Lord
Roberts and their -deportation as unde
sirable persons. ¦
The American claims - will be further
considered to-morrow.
Philbin telegraphed for Assistant Difc
trict Attorney Osborne to-day and the
latter came from Great Barrington. where
he had gone for a month's vacation. Phi!
bin gave him Whitney's statement made
on Saturday and Osborne went right bacx
to the country with it. He will give Phil
bin his opinion of it.
After Whitney and Burgdorf had been
again placed in the Tombs the warden In
structed his deputies not- to allow any one
to interview Whitney. For two days past
Whitney has been talking freely.
District Attorney Philbin was asked this
evening if he would request Governor
Odell to give him a special Grand Jury.
He thought he would not. but he had a
conference with the foreman of the Grand
Jury during the day. By'saying the Grand
Jury had found indictments in gambling
cases on evidence submitted he hinted
that the present Grand Jury might take
charge of any cases arising from the pres
ent excitement. Eighteen indictments
were found to-day in gambling cases on
evidence of th« Society for the Enforce
ment of the Criminal Law.
Whitney Is Closely Confined.
David A. Carvalho. the handwriting ex
pert, was one of the persons who entered
the room. He remained for about an hour.
It is stated that he went over the frag
ments of the papers which Whitney tore
up when arrested Friday and threw from
a window and which were recovered and
were pasted together. It was also said
that Carvalho examined some checks and
other papers in the case.
Asked as to what had taken place Jus
tice Jerome refused to go into details. He
said, however, that he had received a let
tor from Governor Odell regarding the
alleged acceptance of money by the po
lice and that he had answered It. He
would not give out the letter or answer.
An impres&ion seems to prevail that as a
result of the inquiry warrants -will be
issued to-morrow.
Immediately after the proceedings be
fore Justice Jerome, in which the cases
against Whitney and Burgdorf were put
dver until Wednesday, a conference was
held between the Justice, Frank Mops of
•xhe Society for the Prevention of Crime,
and Assistant District Attorney Schru
'man, with "others from his office. Tiie
conference was in the nature of a judicial
inquiry to go over the evidence now* in
the hands of the authorities as to alleged
police corruption and to decide on further
steps in the prosecution of offenders yet
to be named. The conference lasted from
2 to 7 p. m. and Whitney and Burgdor*
were submitted to a further secret ex
amination.
Deputy Superintendent Hammond and
Agent Dillon of the Society tor the Pre
vention of Crime brought a mysterious
witness into the room and it is said the
man gave evidence corroborative of that
given by the two prisoners as to the ac
ceptance of money believed to have
reached the police from illegal resorts.
"My relations with Chief Devery at po
lice headquarters were merely those of a
business man. " I went to' see him several
times In connection with my legitimate
business as a private detective of the firm
of Burgdorf & Whitney. I will not say
whether I saw Chief Devery outside police
'headquarters. While I deny that I ar
ranged with Chief Devery at police head
quarters connections through the police
telephone operators with the precincts, I
do not say that Chief Devery did not
make arrangements."
Police Commissioner Murphy said to
day that he did not feel called upon to
take the initiative in any investigation of
Deputy Commissioner Devery or Ward
man Glennon In connection with the al
leged tipping off of poolrooms. He said
he had asked District Attorney Philbin to
make prompt and forcible prosecution of
both men in case the evidence in the Dis
trict Attorney's possession should indicate
them to be guilty.
Deputy Police Commissioner Devery,
who is at Saratoga, declined to be inter
viewed to-day concerning the statement
made by Whitney.
Governor Odell's . private secretary,
James G. Graham, called on District At
torney Philbin to-day. He delivered a
letter from the Governor requesting* the
District Attorney to inform him as soon
as possible of all the facts in the recent
accusations against the Police Depart
ment.
PhiJbln said he was not in a position to
give the facts at once, but would commu
nicate with the Governor in a few days.
Public Prosecutors Hold Conference.
ICEW YORK. Aug. 12.— Edward A.
Whitney, who had made a statement to
Justice Jerome on Saturday In which he
said the police and the agents of several
crusading societies accept money for pro
tection from poolroom keepers was' Inter
viewed to-day. He eaid:' -
Commission Appears Inclined
to Uphold the Acts of
Army Officers. -
Governor Odell Is Anxious to
Learn All the Facts of
the Matter.
District Attorney Is Re-
quested by Commis
sion to Investigate.
Prom South Africa
File Claims.
The Americans Deported
POLICE SCANDAL
WILL BE AIRED
ASK DAMAGES
FROM ENGLAND
THE SAN FRAJSXnSCO— <3AI/L, TUESDAY, AUGUST 13, 1901.
However, the New Gup Defender Finishes First and Would Have
Won Easily Had She Been Properly Handled*
CONSTITUTION IS BEAT EN BY
COLUMBIA ON TIME ALLOWANCE
2
ADVERTISEMENTS.
BE A MAN AMONG MEN!
Ara Ton tha Via Ton Ought to Baf Ira Tea tt
Strong- m You Look? Or Hitj You Weai Ntrrei,
railing or Lost Vital Fowir. W»stu af Strength,
Varieocela, Poor Memory. Dull *nd Stnjid Tetliagi,
Lost Ambition, Weak B»ek aid a 0eaer*l Bmking
Down of YoarMtnly Powarit
Have you doctored without benefit? Is your
stonaach ruined from druga and your money
¦wasted? Are you tired of trying: useless reme-
dies? Then come to me. I have & positive, and
certain cure for you in
DR. MCLAUGHLIN'S ELECTRIC BELT.
You put it on when you go to bed and sleep
peacefully under the Influence of its wanning,
vitalizing power. You awake full of ambition,
'with a healthy desire- to tackle your day's
¦work. Each day you gain . new life . from it.
and soon begin to feel yourself a man amons
men.- Each symptom of your trouble gradually
disappears, strength takes the place- of weak-
ness and your life is made happy by the res-
toration of your old health and- vigor.
A WONDERFUL CURB. v
HENOY. Cal., Aug. 5, 130L
DR." McLAUGHLIX— Dear Sir: Last Decem-
ber I purchased one of your hlgh-grads belts,
'having suffered previously for three years and
doctored with various good physicians, but the
treatments- which they gave me only seemed to
aggravate my condition. I suffered -from, in-
testinal Indigestion and I liver . complaint. ' and
my spleen was very much enlarged from, the
chronic malarial poisoning In my system; 'The
collections of years In my stomach and abdo-
men was ao great aa to produce convulsions I
also suffered from rheumatism of both legs.
After the first application of your wonderful
belt I began to Improve. It completely removed
the convulsions to which I had been subjected,
and in ¦ two months I was entirely cured. It
has now. been two months since I wore your
belt and there has not been the slightest re-
turn of the trouble. I take pleasure In recom-
mending your belt as being worth a trial. Tours
very truly. - CHRIS BRANDT.
YOU SHOULD TRY IT.
Call and see what a fine piece of mechanism .
it Is and what power it has. If you can't call
send for my book about it, free lf you send
this ad. • -" ¦ • ¦
dr.m.c. Mclaughlin,
j[Og_Market St., Cor. Kearny. San Fraaelaoo.WALTER X. DIMMICK HEARS
COMPLAINT AGAINST HIM
READ IN COURT.
LOS ANGELES. Aug. "12.— The City
Council adopted an ordinance this after
noon fixing August 28 as the date for
holding the municipal water bond elec
tion. ¦-•-;•¦ ¦ ¦¦;•¦¦¦.
Los Angeles' Bond Election.
SAX RAFAEL. Aug. 12.— Charles Lin
get, a prisoner in the County Jail, was
severely beaten last night by an Insane
man named Soldavinl, whom he was
watching. Soldavinl ¦ wrenched a post
from bis bed and struck Llngat several
times upon the head with it before help
arrived. Dr. W. J. Wickman waa called
and put a dozen stitches into the injured
man8£cal£>. . ... .......;.
Beaten by an Insane Man.
..STOCKTON. Aug. 12.— Sim Akins, con
ductor of a Southern Pacific gravel train;
was run over this morning on Van Buren
street, sustaining injuries which resulted
in his death an hour and a- half later at
St; Joseph's Hospital. Akins was leaning
over the end of a car to set the airbrake
when the train slackened suddenly, caus
ing him to fall to the track. One wheel
caught him at the . waist, -.forcing -him
along the track several-feet before th^
train stopped. He .was ,: badly., mangled.
The deceased leaves a mother and brother
in Oakland. No, blame Is attached to any
onft. . ---..¦¦ •--..¦ i
Train Conductor Killed.
SACRAMENTO. Aug. \ 12.— Fire early
this :morning, starting in a small: barn
adjoining .the i grocery, store of P.. Enos
at Fourth , and L streets, destroyed . seven
small frame -buildings, some- of -them
landmarks . and among the oldest In the
city. The buildings- destroyed included
Goddard's .blacksmith-shop, the "dwelling
of Ed Welch, the frame building occupied
as a ' dwelling-house ¦ and - owned by Fred
Glatz,; the frame dwelling at 412 L street,
the cottage owned by ,Mrs.'L. v Hughes and
that of Frank A. Mannonl, and a . one
story . building, ¦ also i owned • by,; Mannonl. :
Boya and cigarettes were the cause.:
Fire Razes Old Buildings.
TACOMA, Aug. 12.— Balfour, Guthrie &
Co.; wheat exporters of San Fran
cisco and Tacoma, have incorporated the
Interior Warehouse Company, which will
handle the great wheat business In East
ern Washington and at the North Pacific
terminals ot Tacoma. Portland and Seat
tle. To this company has been trans
ferred the warehouse system of- Aaron
Kuhn, in the Palouse country, which was
purchased last week by Balfour,. Guthrie
& Co. The new company will also
operate the warehouses formerly owned
by Balfour, Guthrie . & Co., making
a total of forty-eight grain warehouses
in Eastern Washington and Oregon in
the consolidation. It is proposed to ac
quire and consolidate still further ware
house interests. Mr. Kuhn win remain In
charge of the company's business In the
Palouse district.
Wheat Exports From Upper
Coast Points.
One Company Acquiring Control of
FORMING A COMBINE
OF GRAIN WAREHOUSES
REDDING, Aug. 12.-JIatt Toung, a
miner, wa3 killed on Friday evening at
Cinnabar, a mining camp eighty miles
northwest of Redding, by R. W. Wallace,
a laborer. Owing to the remoteness of
the locality tho particulars of the homi
cide did not reach Redding until this aft
ernoon.
The. tragedy was the sequel to a game
of cards. Young and another miner went
into a saloon to play poker. They agreed
on R. W. Wallace as overseer of the
game, or to "keep cases" on.it, as it is
termed in gamblers' parlance.
All went well for several deals, until
Wallace accused Young of misplacing the
cut. This was virtually equal to a charge
of cheating, and the game broke up In a
ro/\\ Young became enraged and ran to
his home near by, declaring he would re
turn with a revolver and kill Wallace.
His squaw wife would not let him have
the weapon. He returned and, unarmed,
clinched with .Wallace. They were sepa
rated and some quiet talk ensued, when
all took a drink and" the. affair seemed to
have been settled. However, Young again
went .to his house and managed to carry
away an ordinary butcher knife. With
this weapon he rushed into the saloon and
declared he would kill Wallace. ¦• ;
Wallace, evidently .- expecting such a
move on his opponent's part,- had- backed
his chair into a corner of the building,
where he could be approached only from
the. front. ,' He showed no weapons, and
-Young, as he advanced on -him .with the
big knife, said tauntingly:. • . ¦ ..-.--¦•-.
"Now I've got you where I want you.'"
Wallace coolly warned Young to come
no nearer. 3 Young '• tried to < close in,\ and
three pistol, shots rang out in quick suc
cession. ;'. Young fell dead. One bullet;had
entered his lungs, another his throat and
a 'third,; possibly the first one discharged,
shattered the hand that had held the
knife. . .
Wallace is -under, arrest; and is being
taken to the jail In Weaveryille.
The missing woman is 25 years of age;
weighs 140 pounds and is of dark com
plexion, with dark hair and brown eyes.
She was dressed in a blue skirt, white
shirt waist and white golf hat. She had
with her a baby girl 12 months of age,
dressed in white. Mr. Hughes fears that
she has committed suicide. He is making
a thorough search of the towns in this
vicinity. -..-.„'
RIVERSIDE, Aug. 12.-C. S. Hughes of
Indio was here to-day looking for his
wife, who wandered away from the Ar
cade; depot in Los Angeles on Friday,
August 2. and uf whom no trace has been
found as yet. Mrs. Hughes was affected
by the heat during the hot spell recently,
and her husband was taking her to Los
Angeles for treatment- when she escaped
from him.
The defeat of Sherk's scheme is said to
have weighed heavily on his mind and
Saturday evening he waylaid McGraw, the
first man to oppose his plans, and beat
him about the head with a stick of stove
wood. McGraw lives In a semi-conscious
condition, with almost a certainty of los
ing the sight of one eye. Sherk was
caught in the act of beating his victim
upon the head after he had fallen stunned
to the ground.
Xews of the brutal attack flew rapidly
around town. The populace became
crazed and word was passed to attend
Sherk's lynching. Constable Lowell Snive
ley swore In three deputies to help him
guard the prisoner and announced that
he would kill the first person who at
tempted to take away his man. His de
cided stand carried the day. Although
angry mutterlngs were heard throughout
the night, no attempt was made to carry
out the projected lynching and Sherk was
landed in the County Jail here last night.
While Sherk is alleged to have made a
vicious attack upon Charles McGraw, a
saloon man at Harrison Gulch, fifty-six
miles southwest of Redding, on Saturday
evening, it is probable that the feeling
scainst him is accentuated by his claims
to land on which the Harrison camp of
pcfEibly 1000 Inhabitants is located. The
business portion of the town was recently
burned. Sberk then eet up his claim to
the land on which the town rests. His
alleged rights had never before been sus
pected.
Thurman & McGraw. saloon men. were
the first to start to rebuild. Sherk for
bade them to unload their lumber. A com
mittee of fifty citizens promptly helped
the saloon men erect their structure and
prevented Sherk Interfering. Squatters'
rights prevailed in the burned district
without any resort to law. Residents and
occupants of land retained Attorney C. H.
Braynard of this city, who is establishing
a townsite for them.
REDDING. Aug. 12.-E. P. Sherk was
landed in the County Jail here last even-
Ing after having been guarded the pre
vious nlgrht from the 2ngry residents of
a mining camp, who expressed a prefer
ence for a lynching rather than allow the
law to take its course. A charge of as
sault to murder rests asainst Sherk.
R. A. Castle was fcorn In Galesburg. 111.
He served three years. in the Civil War
and was a member of a Grand Army post
in his native State. He came to Califor
nia In 18S9 and to . Healdsburg eighteen
months ago. Besides a wife and son, he
had two brothers residing in this State.
Dr. C. C. Castle, a dentrst of Merced, and
C. H. Castle, formerly Congressman from
California. : . —
HEALDSBURG, Aug. 11.— R. A. Castle,
brother of ex-Congressman Castle of Mer
ced, was found dead last evening Jn a
peach orchard a quarter of a mile from
his home. A common pocket handker
chief was knotted about his neck and sus
pended from a twig no larger than a
man's thumb, while the knees and left
hand of the unfortunate man rested firm
ly on . the pround. Charles Williams, a
half-breed Indian, had gone to the river
for a swim and was attracted to the place
where the body hung by the barking of
his dogs. He reported the facts to Mar
shal Ingalls. who brought the body to an
undertaker's office in Healdsburg.
Coroner Pierce of Santa Rosa held an
Inquest this morning- and the Jury re
turned a verdict of death with suicidal
intent. The family, however, denies that
there has been anything in the recent life
of Mr. Castle to prompt the deed, Hts
relatives hold to the theory that his death
was the result of an experiment. Only, a
week ago the suicide of young Poulson
was reported, and Mr. Castle discussed
the circumstances with his family, ex
pressing the opinion that suicide by'hanp
ing was at best a bungling way of quit
ting life. On Sunday morning he planned
his work for the week. He was emploved
by a neighbor at budding trees.. Last
evening -at sundown his body was found
in the orchard," where he was to have
gone to work to-day. There was a pnun
ing knife in his pocket. Castle was al
ways investigating, experimenting and
trying to solve. problems outside the com
mon reach of men. Those who knew him
best, including Coroner Pierce, incline to
the theory that his mind was on the
death of Poulson as he wandered through
the orchard; that he experimented with
his handkerchief to learn its effect. The
end In which the knot was tied was pass
ed over the twig and the pressure upon
the . carotid artery produced insensibility
and finally death. ." . • ¦ ¦ -.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
R. A. Castle Found Dead
in an Orchard Near
Healdsburg.
Cinnabar Man Attempts
Murder and Loses,
His Life..
Indio Wife Disappears
With Her Infant
Child. ,
Constable's Bold Stand
Stays Vengeance
of Miners.
SILL 'KERCHIEF
CHOKES OUT LIFE
TRAGEDY ENDS
GAME OF POKER
SPOKANE, Aug. 12.— Spokane's; ;tele
phone war ended to-day with \the dis
missal of the suit of c the .Spokane; and
British Columbia Telephone ¦ Company
against the . International ; Telephonc
Company, now the Pacific States Com
pany, for $205,000 damages for an alleged
repudiated connection contract. The suit
was settled for less than $15,000. W. H.
Fernald. who holds a. mortgage on the
British Columbia system, asked the courts
to enjoin the dismissal of the suit, but
he v/as five minutes too late.
Telephone War Ends.
SAVES CULPRIT
FROM LYNCHERS
WALTER X. DIMMICK was
taken before United States
Commissioner Heacock yes
terday afternoon by United
States Secret Service Agents
Hazen and Bums and formally handed
over to the custody of United States Mar
shal John H. Shine. The warrant of ar
rest was served by Deputy Marshal Far
ish.
Dimmick was not represented by coun
sel. He read the four complaints against
him deliberately and carefully, after
Trhich Judge Heacock read the com
plaints, Dimmick interrupting him from
HEAT DETHRONES
WOMAN'S REASON
Mr. Woodworth will file an additional
complaint 'to-day charging the* prisoner
with having collected money from the
Mint for lead pipe furnished by the Selby
Works and withholding the same. The
sum is less than $1000.
the County Jail.
fixed at $30,000 on one charge. $5000 on the
second and ?1000 each on the third and
fourth, a total of $37,000.
By request of the prisoner the time for
the preliminary examination was set for
next Monday at 10 a. m., by which time
the prisoner said he would have secured
an attorney to defend him. After the
close of the proceedings he was taken to
VALLEJO, Aug. 12.— Plans for an exten
sive modern plant for the steam engineer
ing department have arrived and bids for
construction will be advertised for. The
buildings will be located near the new
stone dock. . .
¦ . ¦ * ¦ . • . "
Perseverance will not do everything, but
It certainly works wonders.
New Plant for Mare Island.
Run Down by a Wagon.
SAN JOSE, Aug. 12.— George R. Balle, a
septuagenarian, was run over by an ex
press wagon on El Dorado street this af
ternoon \ and died this evening. The
wagon -was on its way to a fire and Ballo
attempted to cross the street in front
cf it. f :*2£&;&2
Churchmen Give Liberally.
PACIFIC GROVE. Aug. 12.— At tha
morning service of the 91. E. church in
this city yesterday the sum of $2530 was
raised by voluntary subscription of those
present. The money was raised by Bishop
Henry W. Warren of Denver, who deliv
ered the sermon, and by. Dr. "W. C. Gray,
pastor of the church, and will be used in
paying off the indebtedness of. $3000 now
resting on the assembly hall.
It is said that more than 100 Orientals
have crossed the line during the last two
weeks, attracted by the higher wages of
fered on the American side. United
States Immigration Commissioner Hea
ley's office has made inquiries and re
ceived the same reports of Chinese cross-
Ing the line, but it still has no official in
formation on the subject.
Five Chinese went south from "West
minster in one party yesterday afternoon.
An officer in Elaine had been warned of
their coming, but he took no action and
the Celestials have since started to work
in the Blame canneri«e.
VANCOUVER, B. C.» Aug. 12.-Chlnese
cannery workers are flocking to the-
American side, where they are receiving
double pay. They are encountering no
great trouble In entering the United
States. Labor has become so scarce
among the Puget Sound canneries that the
latter are glad to employ Chinese. There
Is still a tremendous run of salmon all over
the coast, and, according to actual-com
putation, there are a smaller number of
Chinese cannery employes in Puget Sound
establishments than for three years.
There are many more fish caught In tb.9
traps than can be handled, so the demand
for expert cannery labor has increased
threefold in twice as many days. The
Chinese do all the fish cutting, cleaning
and cooking in the canneries along the
coast and there is a tremendous demand,
with a limited supply, for the work.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Who is to determine this matter? Is it 'not
left . to the board at its option to decide this
question? It may divide one or more species of
property into classes of property and be of the
opinion that the other property will not admit
of a uniform value if divided into classes. J Its
power in this respect is unlimited; The act
contemplates that the board may do this, and
in section 5 provides this: "The Assessors of
the several counties of this State shall fix tin
value on all property not so designated at said
meeting in the manner now provided by law."
It will thus be seen that the present act, in
stead of closing the gates against 1 injustice,
leaves the door wide open for all . sorts of dis
crimination. Railroads are of a more complex
character than the other species of property
above named, and it ¦ is argued by complainant
that they cannot be divided into "classes of
property" under the present act. But be that
as it may, It is apparent that the attempted
valuation in this case cannot; either upon
reason or euthority,- be sustained, because tht
action taken by the State Board of Assessors
in valuing the Central Pacific Railroad by
name without making any class of property
of railroads was not within the power granted
by the act under consideration, and upon that
ground alone, without passing upon the other
points ray conclusion is that complaint is en
titled to the injunction prayed. for. . '
Formerly the railroads in the State of
Nevada were assessed" by the officer of
each county in which they owned prop
erty, and each one of these assessments
was a county affair and independent of
each other. Some time ago the Legisla
ture appointed a board of assessors, com
posed of the Assessors of the different
counties acting together, and this board
proceeded to tax the different roads op
erating in the State, basing their assess
ment on a valuation of all the property
ow,ned in the State computed in one lot
as distinct from county lots.' ... c
As this resulted in an increased assess
ment in the case of all but one of Che
roads doing business in Nevada, the mat
ter was at once taken into court/with the
above mentioned - result.; As' the • United
States Circuit Court never passes on the
constitutionality of State laws, Judge
Hawley has confined himself in his de
cision "to passing on the legality of the
action of the board and not on the consti
tutionality cf the Legislature in creat
ing it.
This decision will, mean much to the
railroads affected by it. as will be seen
from the following: schedule of raised as
sessments which they would "have been i
compelled to pay had the victory gone to
the other side: . The; assessment of the
Central Pacific w&s' raised from $11,442 t3
$20,000 and from $5000 to $7000 on its sid- s
ings. The "Virginia and Truckee rnad was
shoved -up from $1000 to $10,000. The Cary
pon and Colorado was given a boost from
$1700 to $2500, and the Nevada-California-
Oregon's .tax was increased from $2000 to
S30fi0. The only road whose assessment
was allowed to stand at the. ol<l figures
was the Eureka. Palisades and New Cen
tral, which is assessed at, $1960. . .
It is a mooted question upon which there is
ample room for a wide difference of opinion as
to whether or nbr it will accomplish the ben
eficial purposes expressed In the title for a
more uniform valuation and assessment of
property in this fcitate. .It does , not re
quire the valuation, of all property un
der its provision, or of any particular
species of v property) but leaves these
matters to the discretion of the State Board
of Assessors. The provisions of section 1 re
cognize the fact that there is property within
this- State which cannot- be designated Into
classes of property, and hence cannot be
valued by the State board.
CARSON, New, Aug. 12.— Judge Hawley
this morning rendered a decision in favor
of the Southern Pacific Company,
granting an injunction against- the
Assessors of the State of Nevada to pre
vent their taxing the company on a valu
ation of $20,000 per mile, an increase of
$8000 per mile. The opinion states that the
injunction is granted because the Assess
ors failed to properly * classify railroad
property. Regarding the State law it
says : . . - . .
Are Attracted by the High
Wages Offered by the
Canneries.
At Fault in Their Method of
Arbitrarily Fixing
Valuations.
Mr. and Mrs. Hegmann came from .West
Hoboken, N. J., to this city in February,
1900, and opened a bicycle store and repair
shop.' They made a large circle of friends
here, and their death bed marriage has
created no small amount of gossip. On
Saturday night a license was issued to
them and at 7:30 yesterday morning Jus
tice John Brown was called and per
formed the ceremony. An operation for
appendicitis was performed at noon, and
Hegmann died last evening.
SANTA ROSA, Aug. 12.— While on his
death 'bed yesterday . Gustav Hegmann
was married to the^wif e with whom he
has been living for many years. No rea
sons have been given out. but it is be
lieved the action was .taken to remove
some cloud resting over their former
union. They have a daughter 12 years
old.
MARKUES HIS WIFE AS
DEATH APPROACHES
The funeral ' will take place August 15
and the interment will probably be in the
pantheon of San Domenciclo, in Palermo.
The body of Signor Crispi was removed
to-night from' the death chamber to the
drawing-room, which had been converted
NAPLES, Aug.- ]2.— Signora Crispi has
received a -.telegranr of condolence from
King Victor Emmanuel and Queen Helena
saying: "Tour husband was a venerable
and valiant patriot, and he will always
be remembered as one of the founders of
Italian" unity." , - .
A few moments later the Pope was on
his knees at his prie dieu praying for the
soul of his ancient enemy.
Ti""*^v OMB, Aug. 12.— The Pope was in
i I-)/ formed 50f the death of Signor
|\^r' Crispi . this morning. He ex
¦ JA^^k claimed, ""Providence" has ' evi-
dently really decreed that I shall
be the last of my generation to go. Well,
Crispi was a good fighter."
I SAN JOSE, Aug. 12.— Joshua Newby, a
member of the California Cured Fruit As
sociation, brought suit to-day against the
association and the California Packers'
Company to restrain the association from
erecting the warehouse at Santa Clara, on
the ground that the work; if permitted to
go on, would result in a useless expendi
ture of money and the misappropriation
of the trust funds of the association. The
complainant further prays that the rights
and obligations of the packers' company
be determined and the Cured Fruit Asso
ciation be reauired to render a full ac
count of its acts and also pay a dividend
to the members out of the funds in hand.
Newby charges many irregularities in the
proceedings' of. the directors of the asso
ciation. A temporary injunction has been
issued by Judge Lorigan and the hearing
set for Friday, Aug. 23. ."¦¦••
SUIT AGAINST CURED -iV",
FRUIT ASSOCIATION
Signor Crispi, therefore,- feared he would
die in debt. He named Slgnora Crispi as
his sole heiress, subject to a small an
nuity to Rosalie Montemasson. to whom
he is said to have been married in 1S54.
He leaves two volumes of memoirs, the
first of which is complete, and he ap
points Signor Damiana to examine his pa
pers and supervise their publication.
In his will Crispi requests that he be
buried without a religious ceremony, and
he declares that his patrimony and sav
ings were lost during tfea^-campaign for
liberation in Sicily and in the service of
his country.
into a chapel ardente. It lies enveloped In
the flag of Garibaldi.
A guard of veterans la in attendance,
and the roads leading to the residence are
guarded by troops to prevent the ap
proach of the crowds. The entire garri
son of Naples will participate in the fun
eral procession. The body will be borne
on a gun carriage and the highest mili
tary honors will be rendered.
Coming by Scores From
Canada toPuget
Sound.
Court Decides Against
the Assessors of
NeVada.
CHINESE FLOCK
ACROSS BORDER
time to time to ask that the dates be re
peated so that tye might jot them down.
The proceedings were conducted on be
half of the Government by United States
Attorney "Woodworth, but there was not
much to do beyond turning over the pris
oner to the United States Marshal. Dini
mick appeared perfectly cool and self
possessed during all the proceedings ex
cept toward the close, when his hands
were observed to tremble. Chief Hazen
sat in front of the prisoner, his eyes burn
ing holes in Dimmick's, all the time seem
ing to ask. "Where is that money?" Mr.
Burns of Washington. D. C, in a natty
blue suit with low cut patent leather
shoes and striped stockings, sat behind
Dimmick and his eyes were burning holes
in the back of the prisoner's head, asking
the same cuestion. Dimmick could not
see him, but he could hear his audible
clothes and feel his scorching eyes.
On motion of Mr. Woodworth bail was
POPE LEO SAYS PRAYER
FOR THE SOUL OF CRISPI
Will of the Dead Statesman Shows That He Feared
Dying in - Debt, Having Lost His Patrimony
," During the Campaign for Sicily.
RAILROAD GETS
THE INJUNCTION
UNITED STATES MARSHAL ASSUMES
CUSTODY. OF WALTER N. DIMMICK
Prisoner's Bonds Are Fixed' at $37,000 and He Is at Once Taken to
the County Jail-— Another Complaint to Be Filed*
THE SAN FRiNClSCO CALL, TUESDAY, ADGTJST 13, 1901.
3
Our sale, comes at
Good up=to=date clothes
can be had now at far
below their former prices
The present labor controversy in San Francisco .has seriously interfered
wi h business all over the city. Many wage earners, being deprived of their
wage?, are now making every dollar count — thev buy only the necessities of life
and spend as little as possible for clothing. ThereMs no use mincing matters —
this is the situation- — '.t must be met.
We anticipated more than. our usual big trade— ordered our workshops to
increase their output, in order to supply our growing trade. These fall and
winter goods have been arriving day after day. and are piled high on our counters
awaiting purchasers. We must dispose of these goods, for other shipments are
coming. We must sell regardless of usual profits. The aggregate of saies must
be kept up —^tore must be kept busy. There is only one way to do this — reduce
the prices/ We have done 50. |fj8*
which have been recen'lv made up in our own workshops to sell for
$12 50 and $\$'Oo are going at $7.85. Box overcoats,, made .up to sell at $10.00,
are seiling at 66.45. Trousers worth $3.00 can be had at $1.85. This is the
chance to'buy goo<3, up-to-date cothing and make the dollars count.
The reductions are as we claim. Any customer who is not satisfied thar
the clothes are worth their former prices (regardless of the present selling prices)-,
'can have his money tuck. If he is pleased with his purchase we will keep the
-garments in first-ciass repair free for a year. We offer these liberal privileges to
prove what we have said and d~ne. The reductions are unusual, but "money
; tack" convinces every doubter. Make your dollars count.
Sale of Odds and Ends in Boy Suits
,The children's and boys' department will contkiue'to hold its sale of odds
and ends collected from different lines throughout the department- They com-
prise sailors, vestees, Norfolks, Russian blouses and two-piece suits, formerly
.'seli ing from $400 to $8 00; we are closing out every suit in these odds and
ends tor ¦-. ..; ifV fjjj:
\Bovs' white unlaunderedshiKts, sizes 12 to 13I, linen bosoms, reinforced
fronts and backs, 50c each. '. .
; Elegant line, of- boys' and children's neckties, in many styles, 25c each.
Boys' arid children's straw hats, worth from jt;c tt> #2.00; reduced to
4-5C each. \ Sve:.
Boys' golf and sailor caps, 15c each, or 2 for 25c. %
windows will al- CL " }^| HB Wm 5^ SS^k ders tilled— write
ways prove inter- # /l -W W « |6 || f /^l §1 B g« us for anything in
estingr,' whether you ' V"r / ' lr \T : r^- ¦*>^ ff \ 0 W men's or boys' cloth-
need clothes, hats * * * " ¦ *»~r tog, furnishings or
or furnishings. 718 Market Street. \ hats -FRESNO, Aug. 12. — "Word was received
to-day from The Saddle, in the moun
tains near Pine Ridge, that George- Wills
of Fresno was seriously injured last even
ing. Wills stepped on a loose rock and
fell from a precipice to the rocks twenty
feet below, then slid down- an incline of
about sixty feet and was dashed from an
other precipice into a pool of water. He
sustained a broken hip, a fractured leg
and skull and many bruises of the body.
Falls From a Precipice.
They had hardly reached the street be
fore the Oriental drew a revolver and
fired at Clark, the shot striking him in
the fleshy part of the thigh. City Mar
shal Baker heard the report, rushed to
the scene and captured the Japanese,
who was still flourishing his revolver.
Clark's wound is serious, but he is ex
pected to recover.
SAN PEDRO, Aug. 12. — A slot machine
was the cause of a shooting affray on
Front street here last evening. The trou
ble started in a saloon. John Saundera,
a Japanese cook on the bark J. M. Grif
fith and a third man were playing tTie
dollar slot and the Japanse lost. One
of the others then played, won and
picked up the dollar which came out of
the machine. The Japanese claimed It
belonged to him. A bystander named
Clark told the Japanese that the money
was not his, whereupon the Japanese In
vited Clark outside.
Pedro.
Shooting Affray in San
Quarrel Over a Dollar Treads to a
SLOT MACHINE STIRS
TIP JAPANESE WRATH
Little change ; is noticeable ; in ' the situ
ation .regarding the. strike of the painters.
According: to J P. H. McCarthy- of the
Building Trades Council, who is directing
the'/ affair, the men are finding, plenty , of
worfc'at. the' hew schedule of wages, and
nearly Uwo^thirds of -the '¦ members i are
now 1 • a U'- 1 work.' .'From, .another % source
it was' claimed .that nine employing paint
ers ; had signed ; the,*/ new schedule ; yester
day "and •¦ five \ on ¦ Saturday, making '.' four-'"
teeri-'in-Vall. 1 '- Business," : notwithstanding
the strike", ; : is >said • to be brisk. '- Painters',
Union ?No.' -73 Miad .' al well attended meet
ing last, night, at: the , Turk-street Temple
and : discussed the situation. '-" -The painters
willv meet ; from.i day > to. day 'at'- headquar
ters until the .controversy - is settled. ' '
Painters Gain Demands.
At Sharon, Pa., the Sharon • Steel ¦ Company
and the National Steel Company made a . set
tlement, increasing' the wages of the 'men from
25 cents to £0 cents per day on' the -basis of a
At-An^onia, Conn., ' the Farrell Foundry and
Machine Company, which Ms the strongest and
richest concern in the New : England States
and where we lad one of, the worst 'fights of
the strike, made a settlement on the basis of
a flfty-flve-hour ; week,; fired 'all the * "scabs"
and reinstated all the strikers.' : Also increased
wages. ¦ ; ... - - •,.'. •;• •
; Every Bhop in Ban 'Antonio, Tex., slgned-.the
regular nine-hour agreement. At Chicago the
Challenge Machlrte. Company signed the regu
lar nine-hour agreement, both with increased
wages. At Toronto the Northey Machine Com
pany ' made a settlement, signing a -strictly
union agreement. The J. Norton-Poole Com
pany of Wilmington, .Del., yesterday signed on
the nine-hour basis and the men 'returned to
work this morning. This makes Wilmington,
Del., a strictly nine-hour town. .
Secretary Wisler of Machinists' Union
No. 68 has received following dispatch
from President Thomas O'Connell of the
International Association of Machinists
regarding the condition of the machinists'
strike in the Eastern States: ]. ; •¦ -• :
ports From the East.'
Machinists Receive Encouraging Re-
TWELFTH . WEEK OF STRIKE.
, Mrs. Dora Schwarting, midwife, 510
Eddy street, charged with brutally beam
ing Annie Keller, a 10-year-old girl, who
was; living with her, appeared before
Judge Mogan yesterday. -At the request
of her -attorney the case was continued
till this morningr. ¦ ;
Mrs. Schwarting in Court.
The second trial of "Sir" Harry West
wood Cooper, alias Ernest • Moore Chad
wick, on the charge of forgery for send
ing ; a forged telegram to Miss Norine
Schneider, Vallejo Junction, was again
postponed yesterday till Saturday on ac-'
count of the continued Illness of Mrs.-
Schneider. ; ¦''¦¦:•• ¦_ j
Cooper Case Again Postponed.
¦ William Diehl, a glassblqwer residing
on Seventh street, between Brannan 'and
Bryant, was struck by the outgoing San
Jose. train last night and severely injured.
He was taken -to the Emergency- Hos
pital, where he was treated for numerous
abrasions.; 1 The accident occurred • on
Townsend street, between Sixth and Sev
enth.' • . ' - '¦ ' '¦' 'V •;¦ .':-'¦¦¦¦ '. •• ¦';
Knocked Down by Train.
Street Superintendent Thomas was un
able, to give ; the exact' number of teams
employed, but thought it . might | be thir
teen or fifteen. Some : men who were en
gaged on Saturday went to the Corpora
tion; Yard in the I morning and told the
deputy . in • charge that they would not
take. out their. teams to-day. .-As no other
men.cpuld be immediately found to take
their places, the teams were tied up for
the day. . '! ,
M6re of the first-class streets in the
downtown districts were cleaned and
sprinkled yesterday^under the direction of
the of Streets of the Board, of
Public Works. I Gray I Bros, had a large
force of men at 'work, and the city fur
nished the teams and the sprinklers. On
each was a placard, "Bureau of Streets,
Board of Public Works."
Street Sweeping Goes Slowly.
Through his Ignorance of how to prop
erly, handle a truck a non-union teamster
In the employ of McNab & Smith caused
a serious tie-up, ( yesterday afternoon on
Fourth street.; In .trying to turn his truck,
which'- was loaded with galvanized; Iron,
from the, traik to allow a car to 1 pass near
Harrison ¦: street, the non-union man
lodged the low bed of the vehicle 'fast
againstcthe high grade in the middle -of
the' street. There it stuck, despite all ef
forts of the teamster to move, untllfully
a dozen cars were blockaded. ,
An immense crowd of strikers and their
sympathizers gathered about the truck,
and -ItCwas with the greatest difficulty
thaf the police kept them from taking a
handVin- tho proceedings. Finally -with
the assistance of several of the electric
carp.'.the truck was forced out of its .lodg
ing-place; but not before part of the. load
of' galvanised Iron ;was removed. •• '• %
The same. kind of a tie-up occurred oh
Third street; near Folsonv about 6 o'clock,
when- a great' crowdfof, workers were on
their way to their homes, i. A truck driven
by. a non-union teamster became stuck on
the, car track and for fully twenty min
utes the cars on the Third-street line were
forced to suspend operations.
Trucks Blockade Car Tracks.
A walkout of tanners occurred yester
day morning in the tannery of Metten &
Gebhard, on Trumbull street, near Mis
sion. A truckload of raw hides was taken
to the tannery by a non-union teamster
escorted by 'a police officer. The men re
fused to unload the truck and immediate
ly to the number of _> forty-five walked
out. The employers themselves. were com
pelled to do the work. The news of the
walkout soon spread to other tanneries,
and a delegation from each one met, the
men who walked out at Maennerbund
Hall 'and. Informed- them that the same
course would be pursued in ' each of the
other- tanneries. ¦¦¦:¦:
Forty-Five Tanners Walk Out.
Thomas Spencer Brown, who was ar
rested some time ago in San Bernardino
by Sheriff Rouse on suspicion of being the
man who robbed a dental office in Po
mona, has established his innocence of
any connection with the crime. Brown is
a machinist, who follows the business of
sharpening dental instruments. His uncle
was Minister of the Interior under the
late King Kalakaua of the Sandwich Isl
ands. He is well known in San Francisco
among the dental profession and his ar
rest more than astonished his acquaint
ances. His release on the ground of mis
taken identity somewhat atoned for the
blunder made by the officer who arrested
him. : ' s •
Brown's Innocence Established.
W. J. Kenney. the chairman, will ap
point the committee to-day, and it is ex
pected that prompt action will be taken
by the combined Interests to bring peace
out of the present turmoil. Kenney de
clared that the retail merchants of San
Francisco, if thay stood together and.
worked for peace, had it In their power
to bring the strike to a speedy close. The
employers were suffering, he said, and the
employes were in even harder straits, but
the real victim of the present struggle
was the general community.
The labor element was largely repre
sented and many of the speeches were)
hardly in keeping. with the peaceful ob
ject of the meeting. Attorney Joseph-
Rothschild, who was present as chair
man of the federated conciliatory com
mittee, called a halt when the oratory
bid fair to grow Into a debate on the rel
ative rights of labor and capital. ;
"I am here to-night," he said, "as a
peacemaker. I am here with some of my
confreres on the conciliatory committee
to extend to you our support in bringing
about an amicable settlement of the pres
ent condition of affairs. We represent
the property owners of the city, we rep
resent merchants, bankers and many oth
ers who are affected just as much as you
are by this unfortunate strike.- The time
has now come for somebody to yield. - If
we find that neither side is willing to re
cede from the present deadlock, then the
Federated Improvement Clubs will do its
best to make both sides yield enough to"
effect a settlement. We propose to go*
about our task in a dignified and peace
ful manner, however, and if you gentle
men wish to join with us on this basis"
we most gladly extend the. hand of fel
lowship and promise to give you all the
support at our command." -
Thomas McKeon thought that If the'
strike continued thirty days longer over
two-thirds of the retail t dealers in the
city would , have to go out of business.
C. L- Barrington echoed Rothschild's
sentiments, as to the method of bringing
about peace. A. Greensf elder, president
of the Municipal League, told of the ef
forts that body had been making " and
pointed out 'some of the rocks on which
their efforts had split. W. A. Cole of the
Building Trades Council made a plea for
unionism and L. H. Cohn spoke for peace.
The committee representing ¦. the retail
merchants to be appointed to-day will be
instructed to co-operate with the con
ciliatory committee and report' the result
of its efforts at the next regular meeting
of the retailers. . . . ...
The retail merchants of the city held
a meeting last night in Native Sons' Hall
for the purpose of arranging, in concert
with the Federated Improvement Clubs,
some plan of action whereby the parties
to the present labor difficulty may be
brought together with the object of set
tling the strike. There was an attendance
of about 300, but of this number only
about twenty-five were retail merchants.
It was decided to appoint a committee of
five to co-operate with the conciliatory
committee of the Federated Improvement
ClUbS. . . , ¦:
erated Improvement Clubs.
Appoint Committee to Act With Fed-
RETAILERS WANT PEACE.
. County.
OAKLAND, Aug. 12.— Circulars * have
been distributed among the small towns
throughout, the county which read as
follows: .
Notice— Teamsters keep away from San Fran
cisco. Strike still on between the teamsters
and employers. The Inducements offered are
fakes. Keep away from San Francisco.
BROTHERHOOD OF TEAMSTERS..
Committees have been organized by the
Alameda County Federated Trades with
Joseph B. Reboli of the Retail Clerks'
Union as chairman and C. A. Sinclair as
secretary to handle the arrangements for
the celebration of Labor day, September
2. The observance of the day will take
the form of a great parade in which all
of the affiliated unions will take part. The
Building Trades Council will hold a picnic
at Shell Mound Park on Labor day, with
special exercises in the afternoon. The
two celebrations will be arranged in order
that all of the .organizations of labor
shall, have ample apportunity to take part
in each one.
A conference of labor leaders has been
held here to discuss the question of an
independent labor ticket movement at the
next county election. The matter is quite
embryotic, although the sentiment was in
favor of such a course. Among those who
took part in the meeting at labor head
quarters were Charles D. Rogers, .State
president of the Federation of Labor; Jo
seph B. Reboli, P. B. Preble.M. O'Rourke
and Delegates Reed and Shannon of the
Carpenters'. Union. .
The situation up. along the water front
and among the teamsters is unchanged.
Small Towns of Alameda
Circulars Being, Freely Distributed in
WARN TEAMSTEBS AWAY
y^yFROM^AN "FRANCISCO
VANCOUVER, B. C, Aug. 12.— An ex
plosion from some unknown cause oc
curred in Extension mine No. 3 to-day.
Fire Boss Quin was the only man known
to have been in the mine at the time of
the explosion and he was undoubtedly
killed. The . mines are not working at
present, owing to the dock strike at San
Francisco. ¦
Fatal Mine Explosion.
Friday— 2:30 p. m.— Questions answered, Rev.
D. M. Stearns; "Three Lost Truths," Rev. C.
C. Herriott; "Jude," Rev. A. B. Prlchard. 7:30
p. m.— "Revelation." Rev. D. M.- Stearns;
"The Church, Her Calling and Glory," Rev. A.
B. Prlchard.
Sunday— 11 a. m.— "The Seraphim," Rev. D.
M. Stearns. 7:30 p. m.— "The Cherubim,"
Rev. A. B. Prlchard. . .
The following programme will be pre
sented in Oakland: -
Tuesday— 2:30 p. m.— Devotional; "Genesis,"
Rev. D. M. Stearns, Philadelphia: "Ruth,"
Rev. A. B. Prlchard, Los Angeles. 7:30 p. m.—
Devotional; "Genesis," Rev. I D. M. - Stearns:
"How to Study the Bible," Rev. A. B. Prich
ard.
Wednesday— 9:30 a. m.— Devotional ; "The
Word, Its Origin and Offices," Rev. W. C.
Sherman, Sacramento; "Revelation." Rev. D.
M. Stearns. 2:30 p. m. — Questions answered.
Rev. D. M. Stearns; "Three I^ost Truths,"
Rev. C. C. Herriott, Santa Cruz; "Esther,"
Rev. A. B. Prlchard.
Sunday— 3 p. m.— "Serving the Living and
True God," Rev. D. M. Stearns.
Thursday— 2:30 p. m.— Devotional: "Genesis,"
Rev. D. M. Stearns; "Divine Sonship," Rev.
W. C. Sherman. 7:30 p. m— Devotional: "Gen
esis," Rev. D. M. Stearns; "The Witness of
the Spirit," Rev. A. B. Prlchard.
Beginning Thursday afternoon the Bi
ble Institute Conference will: hold its ses
sion in the Young, Men's Christian Asso
ciation building under the auspices of the
Los Angeles Bible Institute, in co-opera
tion with the Pacific Coast Bible Confer
ence Asssociation. The • conference will
last five days. Sessions will also be held
in Oakland. ,
Able speakers will address the confer
ence on biblical topics. Among the min
isters who will speak is Rev. D. M.
Stearns, who is noted as a biblical
teacher.
The following programme has been ar-.
ranged for the sessions to be -held In this
city:
Divines in This City^ and
Oakland.
Able Addresses to Be Delivered by
Obey Orders.
TiTAKTNE PAINTERS ARE READY
Join City Front Federation and Will
More than 259 marine painters will prob
ably join the •water front unions now on
strike some time during the day. This
union, known as Marine Painters' Union
No. 1, was organized some time ago and
recently applied for membership in the
City Front Federation. This application,
was acted upon favorably, and as soon as
some formalities are concluded will be
fully admitted.
"We are now awaiting a delegation from
the City Front Federation," said the
ppokesman last night, "to initiate us into
that body. We expect to get orders to
walk out in the morning and every one of
our 254 members will at once obey.' "-We
embrace all the marine painters in the.,
city, except the men working on the
transports. They deserted us when "we
secured for them an eight-hour work day
and $3 a day, and none of our members
will ¦work on a ship ¦with them."
The men who work on the transports
have a union composed exclusively of
those engaged in that class of labor. It
Is not affiliated with the City Front Fed- :
eration. The Marine Painters is probably
the last of the unions employed along the
water front" that can now be called upon
to strike.
STRIKERS BEAT A TEAMSTER.
QTJIET DAY ON THE FRONT.
Driver, From His Bed.
I>rag John Wood, a Non-TJnioii
Juhn Wood, a recent arrival from the
Kast, who accepted work as a teamster
with Cutter & Co.. was treated for several
bad lacerations of the head and scalp by
Dr. McElroy at the General Emergency
Hospital at 3 o'clock yesterday morning.
Wood claimed that while sleeping at the
company's stables. 421 Brannan street, a
Rang of union teamsters dragged him
from his bunk and beat him. So deter
mined were his assailants to do a good job
that they tried to take him out of the am
bulance while it was on its way to i the
hospital. Driver Martin Walsh and Stew
ard Bert Davis were requested to stop the
ambulance by a gang of men until they
could see who was inside. . ¦
The driver whipped up his horses and
brought Wood to the hospital.
He had received a dreadful beating
about the head and face. ' Several scalp
wounds required the surgeon's needle be
fore they were closed. In addition to these
there were several contused wounds and
possibly some fractured ribs to be nursed
before Wood will again drive a team.
Conscience Is something that makes a.
guilty man tremble every time it thun
ders. . ' ¦ ' .•
Anti-Chinese Petition Heady.
At the last quarterly meeting of the
State Federation of Labor it was decided
to make an effort to secure a re-enact
ment of the Scott exclusion act. which
expires in May, 1902. The assistance of all
laboring bodies it was decided to ask, and
the San Francisco Labor Council also took
up the matter. As a result the following
petition Is beine circulated:
We, the undersigned citizens of the State of
California, respectfully urge upon the Congress
of the United States that It re-enact at tht
earliest possible moment the Chinese Exclu
sion Act, which expires on Slay 6, 1902, with
amendments to embrace all classes of Asiatics
Including Japanese, extending its provisions to
ell territory under the Jurisdiction of the Unit
ed States and making it perpetual in operation.
Leave the Harbor.
Steamer Eureka the Only Vessel to
But two vessels arrived in the harbor
yesterday and two departed. The barken
tlne Planter, from Honolulu, loaded with
sugar, arrived yesterday morning, and
the British bark Foyldale, in ballast from
Peru, arrived about noon. The Planter
was anchored off the Refinery wharf
and the Foyldale made preparations to
go to Port Costa.
The steamer Eureka, bound for the port
of that name, got away partly loaded
with a cargo of general merchandise. She
also carried quite a few passengers. The
Point Arena cleared last last night.
Gangs of men were at work on the
Olympia and the Oregonian at the
Steuart-street dock, but little was accom
plished In unloading .them.
The Achnashie and the Cymbaline,
which arrived here a few days ago in
ballast, were towed to Port Costa, where
they will be loaded with wheat.
The unloading of the colliers Is still go
ing on, but all the vessels still have a
number of tons of coal in their bunkers.
The collier .Wellington is anchored in the
stream, and the Asuncion is at Mission
flats. The cargo of the last named ves
sel is being transferred to the barge
Comanche. .
At the Mail dock there was little evi
dence that a strike was on. A large num
ber of men are at work there unloading
the Acapulco. The great quantity of
freight which during the first few days
of the strike accumulated on the wharf
has all been removed and the Pacific Mall
officials claim that in the future they will
have no difficulty in handling their car
goes.
The Argyle is at Fremont-street dock
unloading. As soon as her freight is re
moved she will be brought around to
Howard-street wharf, where she ¦will be
loaded for a return voyage.
The Oregon Railway and Navigation
Company will tie up the steamers Colum
bie and Geo. W. Elder upon their arrival
at Portland. So much difficulty was en
countered in getting them ready to sail
from here that the company will not try
to send them out again until the strike
is over. i»^ ,'.%•". j
GROCERS ASK FOR PEACE.
Pass Resolutions Demanding Whole-
salers Confer "With Strikers.
At a meeting of the Retail Grocers' As
sociation held last night at B'nai B'rith
Hall a resolution was adopted* demanding
that the wholesale dealers hold a confer
ence with the strikers and with the men
who are locked out, the conference to be
for the purpose of adjusting the existing
trouble, which the retailers claim, is ab
solutely ruining business.
The Retail Grocers' Association has a
membership of about 400,. which includes
the most prominent merchants engaged
In the grocery business... It la-, believed
that their efforts will have considerable
weight in influencing the Employers' As
sociation to accept terms. t
The retail grocers do not intend to be
alone In their appeal to the Employers'
Association, but will, endeavor to have
their demand backed up by other associa
tions engaged in both . wholesale and re
tail business. The Wholesale Grocers' As
sociation, the commission men and the
Wholesale Liquor Dealers' Association
will be asked to join in the move for
peace". For the purpose of soliciting the
aid of these associations the following
committee was appointed: George Alpers,
J. M. Sullivan, I. Solomon, E. McCoy and
P. A. Buckley. .
The resolution Is as follows:
Whereas, The present strike and lockout
is decreasing the nurchasintr power of the
working people of San Francisco: and whereas,
the diminution of trade consequent thereon is
threatening the welfare of every retail mer
chant in this city, be it
Resolved, That the retail grocers of San
Francisco, for the sake of the preservation of
their business and to prevent '• the commercial
disaster that muBt surely follow a continuation
of the present -disturbance., hereby demand
that the wholesalers of San Francisco arranne
a conference with their striking and locked out
employes, to the end that an immediate set
tlsment of their difficulties shall be brought
about. Signed by the committee: '
D. F. Keefe. J. C. Nobmann. H. G Lack
man, J. Salomon, John Sheanon. A. J. Gran
vllle, Peclit & Gorman. J. J. Cusack Joe
Abrahams. G. A. Bunge. T. J. Norton v R
Graham, J. Carfitensen. H. Elmers. John Af
bens. J. M. Oirtin. Doell Brcs.. Heuerson &
Dyer. Fred Jooster., P. A. Buckley, T. H. Cor
coran. McCoy & Nesbltt, ' EllloU Bros.. Faber
& Co.,.E. C. Binder. J. J. Hayes, J. F, Keat
ing. N. R. Helgerson, T. Kast. Capelli &
Pa-ani. James Cusack, J. W. King. B A
Schir.idt, -T. C. Owens, John Miesner. Schneu
tenhaus Bros., A.L. Zett, J. J. Smith, J.rM.
BIBLE CONFERENCE 'TO
BEGIN THIS AFTERNOON
They refuse to divulge the exact loca
tion of the ledges, but say that the cop
per is very plentiful. The specimens
range in size from an ounce to pieces
nearly as large as a man's hand. The
location of the ledge is apparently known
to but few members of the tribe, a3 the
specimens brought to the trading posts
are always In possession of their chief.
Last year two prospectors followed the
Indians to their homes, live suns distant
from Forty Mile, but did not succeed in
finding the ledges from which the copper
was taken.
TACOMA, Aug. 12.— A large party of
Tanana Indians has arrived at Forty
Mile on its semi-annual bartering expedi
tion. The natives have redeemed the
promise made more than a year ago to
Agent Hall of the trading company at
Forty Mile by bringing him a bag of
samples of pure copper ore found in the
hills of the Tanana country.
Decline to Reveal the Location of the
Ledge to the . Men of Forty
Mile.
INDIANS BRING PURE
COPPER ORE TO CAMP
"This body," said Secretary Rosenberg
is a State organization and is rich and
powerful. This is. the most encouraging
news we have received. for some time, as
it promises both moral and financial sup
port." - .
Some days ago the San Francisco Labor
Council placed' a boycott on four firms in
this city said '"to be connected with the
Employers' , Association, and asked that
all union men refuse to use any of their
special brands of goods. A letter was re
ceived yesterday from the "Western Labor
union of Butte, which represents 125 un
ions in that State, reading as follows:
\, ¦*;:,• V BUTTE, Mont., Aug. 9, 1901.
Mr. Ed Rosenberg, Secretary San Francisco
Labor Council, San Francisco, Cal.— My Dear
fair and Brother: Tour telegram of the 9th
inst. Just at hand, and I seize this as my
earliest possible opportunity of assuring you
or our hearty co-operation '.and vigorous and
active support in your struggle in the interest
of the wage ¦ earners ' and their liberties and
rights In your city. - .
We have absolute control 6f this section of
this country for the Western Labor Union and
we assure you we will entirely ban the goods
of the firms mentioned in your telegram.
Tour request in telegram will be strictly
adhered to and your wishes fully complied with.
Any further assistance we can be to you we
are at your command. .... ' .
We hope tohear from- you dally regarding
the situation in : San Francisco and assure you
of our active support and shall be delighted
to assist your organization . financially. I re
main, yours In union,
¦ daniel McDonald,
President Western Labor Union.
Offered/Local Unions.
Moral -and Financial Assistance Are
MONTANA UNIONS TO ASSIST.
Permanent headquarters will be located
in a central portion, of .the. city. The ex
ecutive committee' will meet to-morrow
afternoon for the purpose of mapping out
a course of action.
.Committee on Law and Legislation— Joseph
Rothschild (chairman), H. V. Morehouse (vice
chairman), S. Feigenbaum, O. K. Cushing, L.
H. Kohn, J. Kallmann, A. J. Vinlng, John A.
Miller, C. F. Kimball, Martin Hink.
Executive Committee— C. D. Salfleld, W. J.
Kenney, Charles Alpers, H. W. Miller, H. V.
Morehouse, O. K. Cushing, Nathan Bibo, C. "F.
Kimball. William H. Barnes, J. W. McDonald,
M. R. Robert, W. A. Desburough, John Center,
H. P. McPherson, M. Stern.
Dr. C. D. Salfleld, Joseph Rothschild, Charles
Alpers, H. V. Morehouse. M. Stern, J. Kall
mann. H. W. Miller, Will C. Hays, Nathan
Bibo, C. F. Kimball, John Center, L. H. Kohu,
L. J. Dwyer, W. J. Kenny, William H. Barnes.
J. W. McDonald. O. K. Cushing, II. R. Robert.
Major W. A. Desburough, Val Schmidt, S.
Schoenholtz, N. Schlesinger, A, J. Vlnlng, I.
Irvine, Martin Hink, E. F. Maggart, Captain
L. Schneider. J. Pulvermaker, H. P. McPher
son, H. L. Vouny, H. Mills, J. Henderson, K.
Gadner, W. M. Heywood, Fritz Mueller, Splro
Radulovich, Jose Ferrando, F. T. Knoles, Dan
iel Eisner, H. M. Hageman, C. E.- Anderson,
Charles Guilett, W. H. Powers, Oscar Moses,
A. Simon, Professor Joseph H. Alfonse, . P. -K.
Burke, George F. Robert, A. G. Klelnert, Kin
ely Koopman, J. Nielsen, George H. Roundey,
Max Popper, Bonaventura Gamma, Berna Mc-
Kinne, John A. Miller, D. R. McNeill, Louis
T. Samuels, W. F. Schofield, Henry Rasmus
sen. Peter Stolbergr, George Magoonis, Robert
Glrdwood, Harry Dempsey, Frederick Kimball,
Guetave Schnee. W. C. Zahn, Chris Stader. I.
Schwartz, R. A. Vance, M. Gompertz, John
Murray. F. Tormey, J. Hyman, Henry Gold
man, J. H. Ingram, Richard Kennedy, R.
Clark, Sanford Felgenbaum, L. Reder, Robert
Da>- S. Strauss, J. H. Brook, F. . W. Meyer,
S. E. Ellis, E. C. Chase, Henry Muller, J. H.
Aernon, William H. Smith, H. Londoner, W.
S. Upham, Adolph Meyer, W. J. Ramsay, J.
W. Quinn. W. B. Dubois, F. C. Maurer, Claus
Reimer, A. A. Schuhman, Albert J. Ritter, H.
C. Hinkel.
For the purpose of broadening the scope
of the organization it was decided to in
crease the conciliatory committee from
10 to 100 members, and presiding Officer
Joseph Rothschild yesterday made the fol
lowing appointments:
It Is now the Municipal Federation of
Improvement Clubs of San Francisco in
stead of the Federation of Improvement
Clubs of Western San Francisco. A reso
lution to the above effect was adopted at
the meeting held Sunday afternoon at 1605
Polk street. The new organization will be
incorporated within thirty days. The next
regular meeting will be held August 20 in
stead of to-day.
Is Increased to 100.
Conciliatory Committee Membership
MUNICIPAL FEDERATION.
Bullivan, George Alpers, C. A. Slack, Fred
Stuermer, C. Peterson, S. Slmonson, M. M.
Twomey, C. Rodden, M. Burke, L. O'Connor,
William Warnke, M. Beckman. W. Schilling,
Nick Thill. C. Tiedemann, C. Hadeler and
William Zlmmermann.^ /¦ \
The executive committee of the Labor
Council met last' night to consider the sit
uation, but as no reply »had been received
from Mayor Phelan it adjourned without
taking definite action.
"We look upon them as Pinkertons and
can see no need for their employment..
Labor- has stood a great deal from, the
regular police force, but perhaps labor
will not be so patient with these men,"
was Rosenberg's concluding remarks.
A question that was vehemently argued
was the proposed appointment by the
Board of Police Commissioners to-night
of 200, special police officers at the request
of the Employers' Association.
'?These men," said Secretary Rosenberg,
"are v nothing more nor less than men
clothed with the authority of the city as
police offlcers, : provided with pistols and
clubs .and licensed to go out and kill 1 in
the <JIscharge'of their duty. They are paid
by their, employers, will obey their orders
and can shoot and kill under the full
sanction of the authority conferred upon
them by the* municipality of San Fran
cisco.
¦j-j— =fa FFORTS of organized labor are
? to be put forth to secure the re
==^ moval of George A. Newhall, the
]l | ,^ president of the Board of Police
Commissioners, who as president
of the Chamber of Commerce signed the
letter addressed by that body to the
Mayor asking him to issue a proclama
tion that violence would not be permitted
and to call upon the State officials for aid
If that had no effect.
A committee from the executive council
of the San Francisco Labor Council called
upon Mayor Phelan at his office in the
City Hall yesterday and had a long con
ference with him.
W. H. Goff. president, and Ed Rosen
berg, secretary of the San Francisco La
bor Council; Michael Casey, president,
and A. Furuseth, strike manager of the
City Front Federation, and John F. Har
per, president of the Sand Teamsters' Un
ion, formed the committee. The spokes
man was A. Furuseth, who laid down in
a forcible manner the reasons why or
ganized labor demanded of Mayor Phelan
the removal of Commissioner Newhall.
All the other, members of the committee
participated in the debate that followed.
Mayor Phelan was a patient listener for
nearly two hours, frequently asking ques
tions regarding the reasons; which
prompted the request. There was no lack
of ready answers. No result was reached,
but at the conclusion Mayor Phelan inr
formed the members of the committee
that he would probably write a letter giv
ing his views upon the matter. He de
clined, however, to : outline what his views
•were or what his answer to the commit
tee would be.
While the situation regarding the iron
workers strike in this city remains to all
outward appearances unchanged, both
President McCabe of the Iron Trades
Council and Secretary Wisler said the out
look was. most encouraging, as all the
"i e ?v. were standing firm. ; Yesterday mark
ed the commencement of the twelfth week
of the strike, with no evidence of yielding
°1 th ,? part of tne leading iron working
establishments in this city. It is claimed
by the latter that they are gradually fill
ing up their ranks with non-union men.
flfty-seven-hour week, fired all the "scabs'*
and reinstated all the strikers. This is a very
big- gain for Sharon,' for, as you are well
aware, there are thousands of other employes
employed in the mill besides the machinists. -
The statement made in circular No. 7, giving
the number of firms, ; is a. very fair barometer
of the true situation, and I am safe in saying
that at the present time we have secured the
shorter work day. for over 60,000 machinists
and at least as many other working mechanics.
The West of Castro Street Improvement
Company filed another protest against the
operation of Gray Bros.' rock crusher and
quarry at Twenty-sixth and Douglass
streets. It was referred to the Health
Committee. • .
The resignation of John F. Lenahan as
assistant clerk of the board was accepted
and James Lynch was appointed to suc
ceed him.
The City Attorney wa? directed to in
form the board as to its powers In the
event of proof being made that the char
ter is being violated by Gray Bros. In re
<juirlnj? their street sweepers to work over
eight hours per day.
The Board of Supervisors yesterday
adopted a resolution directing the City
Attorney to furnish an opinion as to
whether or not the People's Mutual Tele
phone Company has forfeited its fran
chise by reason of non-compliance with
the conditions of the ordinance granting
the franchise and ¦what steps are neces
sary to insure the collection of the $10,000
forfeited in* the bond given by' the com
pany. The resolution alleges that none of
the requirements imposed upon the com
pany have been complied with.
The ordinance limiting the speed of au
tomobiles to eight mijes an hour and half
that speed at street crossings was passed
to print after an amendment limiting their
speed to twelve miles an hour outside of
the flre limits was adopted. The Judi
ciary Committee was directed to draft an
ordinance regulating the granting of li
censes for automobiles.
The Board of Supervisors yesterday
indefinitely postponed a resolution which
would have resulted In the appointment
of outside counsel to help defend the suit
of the Spring Valley Water "Works against
the city to determine the legality of the
new water rates. The resolution was In
troduced by Reed and authorized the "Ju
diciary Committee to confer with the
Mayor and the City Attorney "for the
purpose of making such recommendations
as they saw fit in preparing a defense."
The City Attorney was directed to re
port the status of the litigation involving
"Mission Plaza property."
The ordinance providing for the repav
lnj? of certain streets was amended to
eliminate the proposed .work on Spear
street, between Mission and Market. The
.work of* repaying will be prosecuted on
Spear street from . Howard to Mission;
Stockton street from Union to Pacific, to
cost- $7550; Van Ness avenue from Pine to
Bush streets, 15750; Clay street from/San
some to Davis, $7466; Washington street
from Sansome to Battery, $1907; Valencia
street from Market to Eighteenth, $23,690.
.Braunhart objected, to a reduction of
Jloo on the bill of Gray Bros, for sweep
ing the streets on the ground that the
reduction was not sufficient. Braunhart
alleged that the streets were not properly
swept and that the firm was violating the
eight-hour law. The Mayor stated that
he had received the report of the inspec
tor of street sweepings that the sweeping
had been badly done in July because of
the newness of the contract. The bills
were referred to the Street Committee for
further investigation.
The resolution authorizing the Board of
Works to repave Pacific avenue from
Franklin to Fillmore streets was defeated.
Qbjection was made because the proposed
pavement is of inferior character. An
other resolution directing the Board of
Works to repave the blocks with bitumen '
on a concrete foundation and to assess the
cost to property owners was adopted.
The Bay City Athletic Club was granted
permission to hold an amateur boxing ex
hibition on August 22.
But two steamers left the port yesterday, and the announcement was made by the Oregon Bailway
and Navigation Company that it would tie up its vessels at Portland until" such time as the strike was set
tled. The painters claimthat they are making material gains and that fourteen master painters have
signed the new schedule. The day was remarkably free from any serious disturbances. : >
A conference, with Mayor Phelan, in which some of the local labor leaders urged their reasons
for demanding the removal of President Newhall of the Board of Police Commissioners, and made a
protest against the appointment of a large number of special police officers, was ? the most prominent
event of the day in labor circles. Some forty-five tanners walked out, refusing to handle a load of goods
delivered by a non-union teamster. The Marine Painters' Union jwdll join the City Front Federation to
day, and its members .will obey the order to strike. The retail merchants organized, and the Retail Gro
cers' Association adopted resolutions demanding that the Employers' Association take steps to end the
controversy.
Ordinance Limiting Speed of
Automobiles Passed to
Print. : 0fl
Gray Bros. Have Trouble Get
ting Pay for Street
Sweeping.
RETAILERS MAKE EFFORTS TO BRING PEACE.
Inquiry as to People's
Telephone Company
Franchise.
City Attorney Must De
fend Water Rates
Alone.
DDES NOT LIVE
UP TO PROMISE
WILL NOT HIRE
EXTRA COUNSEL
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAJLL, TUESDAY^ AUGUST 13, 1901
Make btrong Jrrotest Against Appointment or bpecial Police Officers.
. Marine Painters Ready to Go on Strike*
LABOR LEADERS AGAIN ASK MAYOR
TO OUST COMMISSIONER NEWHALL
4
SANTA CATALINA ISLAND.
JH Hours' Ride From Los Angeles. Cal.
GREATEST ATTRACTIONS IN THE WEST.
Third Annual Rod and Reel Fishing Tour-
nament, auspices the "Tuna Club."
Eighth Season of 'our Famous Marino Band.
The Society Resort.
1 The Sportsman's Paradise.
I HOTEL. METROPOLE and COUNTRY CLUB
always open. Golf and Tennis Tournaments.
IDEAL CAMP LIFE.
For full Information, hotel rates, unique ar.
rangements for camping and illustrated pam-
phlets apply to
BEN LOMOND.
Park House In the Santa Cruz Mountains: 5
minutes from station; fine scenery; fishing,
hunting, fine drives, free carriage meets all
trains. MRS. I. N. HAYES.
GILROY HOT SPRINGS.
Trains leave 3d and Townsend 9 a. m. and 2:43
p m dally. For pamphlets address R. ROB-
ERTSON. Prop.
OWN A HOME IN TI B £4 U -CAMP MEEKER
Buy lots $10 up: cottagea built by Meeker, $30
up- boating, bathing, tenting ground free; saw-
mill depot, store, postofflce at camp: board
and lodging $6; take Sausallto ferry, $.3 round
trip. Address M. C. MEEKER, or H. M.
GREGSON, Camp Meeker. Sonoma County.
SOLID COMFOKT DOME^v^r 61^ '£
altitude. No fog: climate delightful. Large
orchard, vegetable garden. Hot, cold baths
Spring water. . Rates, $7 week up. Stage meets
train. - SCHULER & SCHEBEN. Napa. Cal
P. O. El, VERANO, Cal.. Verano Station
(Kings Crossing), on California Northwestern
Railway. Hot mineral baths near by Termi
« per day and upward. PETER GOUILHAR-
DOU, Lessee. .. - -;,.•-,
BELLEVUE HOTEL.
LAUREL DELL LAKE. %
Most. attractive place in Lake Co. to spend
a vacation. Boating, bathing/ bowling etc
Accommodations for 230 people. . Write for cir
cular. Edgar Durnan, Laurel Dell. Lake Co.. Cal
INDEPENDENCE LAKE. ~
Fishing; boats; excellent table- climate n#r
feet; 16 -miles from Truckee. la ." unbroten
forest. Further information Traveler o?flce
T™ n ck B e°e m cTi MRS ' H " *• CL EMOnI?
table;finestscenerv. water .iir f™i». j^i %°oa
booklet Orchard Springs, Colfax. CaL
VICHT SPBJBCS, i ' :
The ..only, place In the United States wheiV
¦Vichy t .Water is abundant. . The only neural
Electric Waters; Champagne Baths' Spring
nkEh"""' Bath x 3 U ne 2 ualrt - Three miles from
Ukiah. j. a. REDEMEYER & CO.,
ness as There Is of Smallpox.
It is now accepted that vaccination ren-
ders the vaccinated person exempt from
smallpox, or, at worst, he never has any-
thing- but. the kind* of ;a;,.cas<j.'.
Now -as sure- a' preventive;;.' and^gure. -for.
dandruff /'which; causes falling hair: arid
baldness,. has Wen discovered— Newbro's
'Herplcide.' ¦ It .kills the dandruff germ.' C.
;H. Reed, Victor, Idaho, says: "Myself-ahd-
wife have been troubled-with dandruff and
f alllng> hair for several years.' • .We 'tried
remedies -/without effect until 1 w«* : *used
Newbro'3 Herpiclde. two bottlels of. 'which
cured us.*.'-- Hundreds of similar testimo-
nials: • . ' ; ' ; "
There Is as Sure Prevention of Baid-
¦ = NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
VACCINATION AND DANDRUFF;
LAKB COUNTY. CAL.
Certain cure for Stomach, Liver, Kidney.
Bladder, Skin and Blood Diseases.
Recommended by Leading Physicians. Thou-
sands Cured.
Tickets. California and Northwestern Rall-
Stage from Ukiah.
RODNEY McCORMICK, General Manager.
Call or address.
• WITTER MEDICAL SPRINGS COMPANY.
Upper Lake P. O.. Lake County. Cal.
Main Office & Water Depot. 916 Market, r. M.
MEDICAL SPRINGS
Delightful Surroundings and WlTTPP
Excellent Accommodations at if 1 1 1 Ell
f^^^/^W^^ e (^^ sast^» s which
«^ by lightning. The
•» v verdict is generally
w heart failure." "His heart was weak.
It was fate for him to meet this end."
Bnt if we went behind the w weak " heart
we should find a w weak " stomach, prob-
ably, and back of. the weak stomach is
careless eating at irregular hours.
When the stomach is diseased the
organs depending on the stomach for
nutrition are starved. Starvation means
weakness of the body and its organs.
Dr. Pierce's Golden Medical Discovery
cures diseases of the stomach and other
organs of digestion and nutrition. When
these organs are cured, diseases of heart,
liver, lungs and kidneys, caused by the
diseased stomach, are cured also.
"In the fall of 1897 I was taken with pmotuer-
ing spells, palpitation of the heart, and a dis-
tressed feeling in my stomach," -writes Mr.
H. "W. Kinney. of Knight. Doddndge Co v West
Va. r I consulted a doctor and he said I had
organic henrt trouble. He gave me some medi-
cine, but it did me no good. I then tried differ-
ent kinds of patent -medicines, but they only
helped me a little.' I then sent end got" five
bottles of Dr. Pierre's Golden Medical Discov-
ery Before the first bottle was gone I felt a
change. When the five bottles were gone I
began to worii. I had not worked any for a
year before.
"I am \rell and can eat anything now with
the exception of pork and greasy food."
Doctor Pierce's Pleasant Pellets cure
hi?.iousn;ss. ' • • c "¦'•
THE LAUREL. Los Gatos— First-class family
* boarding-house; home cookins; beautiful
surroundings; 5 minutes' walk to town. Terms.
18 to $10 a week. Piano. Reference*. MRS. J-
McKENZlE and MISS A. HAMILTON. Prop*.
PLANTATION HOUSE-Elghteen miles from
¦"Cazadero. on stage line. Good trout ftshlng.
plenty fruit, cream, milk, free conveyance for
parties of 2 or more; ffrand redwood scenery.
Address J. Luttringer. Seaview, Sonoma Co.. or
apply Mr. Kruse. 207 Front St.. for particulars.
LAKEPORT AND BARTLETT SPRINGS
STAGE LINE.— Hopland to Bartlett Springs,
via Lakeport. carrying passengers for Lake-
port and Bartlett Springs. Stages connect
with, trains at Hopland. Leave Honland at
12:30; arrive at LakeDort at 3:30; arrive at
Bartlett Springs at 7:20. New «-horse U-paa-
senger tourist wagons, made to order for this
stage line, wltb all the most modern improve-
ments. Passenceni fcr Lakeport or Rartlett
Sprinss call far tickets by Bartlett Springs
Stase Line.
MILLER & . HOWARD. Proprietors.
In the Santa Cruz Mountains. Rar» aport
during the deer season. Pack of bounds,
swimming and line table. Address VIC POX-
CELET. Llaeas. Cal.
MOUNTAIN HOME.
Finest fls'nlnsr. hunting and health resort on
the coast. Climate perfect. On Klamath River.
Rates. V>. and $2 M per day: J10 to $14 per week.
Call Traveler Office. 20 Montgomery at., or
address EDSO:* EROS.. Eeswlck. SUklyou
County. Cal.
KLAMATH HOT SPRINCS.
O 1/ Ik f* f* O HOT SPRINGS. SONOMA
UA/1L7L7U c°- : onIy 4t » how * fT0Tn
wfijriisi/VS San Francisco: but 9 mile*
... , . staging; waters noted for
medicinal virtues; best natural bath In State;
good trout streams: telephone, telegraph, daily
mail and express; first-class hotel and «tag«
service; morning and afternoon stages: round
trip from S. F. only $3 50. Take Tlburon ferry
at .:3O a. m. or 3.30 p. m. Terms. $2 a day or
*1Z a week. References— Any guest of the past
six years. Further information at Traveler of-
grew! nSSKTK? £ or of J - F ' MUI "
YOSEMITE VALLEY,
BIO OAK FLAT AND TOSEMITE STAGE
CO.— Running directly through the Tuolumn*
Big Tree Grove. Lowest rates on the market.
Special rates tor Kpworth Leaguers. Staffing
ZVi hours first afternoon and 9 hours next day
arriving at Yosemite Valley 5 p. m. Send for
illustrated folder. WM. J. WHITE. Gen.
Agent, 630 Market St.. opposite Palace Hotel.
S. F.; tel. Black 3371.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
E. C. PECK. Asent.
10 Montgomery St.. San Francisco.
Or BANNING CO..
223 South Spring st.. Los Angeles. Cat
in . ,ip : — - — : _,- li j — zyvr
COPvaiOHT 1»«. »» THE W»OCTt»*C*M»t«eO. CIMCmN«T» - _
|||||he blackness of Monday is for-
IIJII gotten when the- housekeeper
1 l*i*SI views on Tuesday the snow-
drift of linen that has been wasKed
white with Ivory Soap* It floats*
ADVEBTISEMENTS.5
Dye and Stidger made charges against
Dunn of bias and prejudice against Chi
nese Immigrants and of discourtesy to
ward attorneys practicing in the bureau.
Dunn made 'countercharges of unprofes
sional conduct and asked that they be dis
barred from the bureau. Immigration
Commissioner Powderly sustained Dunn
and recommended to Collector Stratton
that Dye and Stidger be disbarred, in his
discretion. Mr. Stratton inquired into the
matter and declined, to disbar the gentle
men named. In a letter to the Commis
sioner Mr. Stratton says;
"It is sufficient for me to say that in all
that I have seen of these two gentlemen
nothing has occurred which in my opinion
should call for, their disbarment. The
matter of the relations between the in
spector in charge (Mr. Dunn) of the Chi
nese Bureau and the attorneys who prac
tice before him has assumed such a phase
that the inspector in charge has himself
requested that a hearing, be given him. In
regard to the charges of discourteous
treatment. - I do not find myself free to
follow him in his attitude toward all of
the attorneys who practice before me."
United States Immigration Commis
sioner North has set August 27 at 2 p. m.
as the time for beginning the investiga
tion Into the charges preferred against
Clarkson Dye and O. P. Stidger by James
R. Dunn, chief of the Chinese Bureau,
and also Into the complaints of discour
tesy made by them and other attorneys
against Chief Dunn. Mr. North says that
this investigation, like all others pursued
by the Government, will be private so far
as the press and public are concerned.
Collector Stratton Sides Witli
Dye and Stidger for
Reasons.
Head of Chinese Bureau
Asks for Proof of
Charges.
HART NORTH WILL
TRY CHIEF DUNN
PROMINENT OFFICERS OF THE
YOUNG MEN'S INSTITUTE AND
CANDIDATES FOR OFFICE.
No. 2 — Hon. -William G. Lorrigan and Hon.
Nicholas Bowden of San Jose. 5 — James H.
Ford, M. D. Murphy and James W. Burke of
Stockton. 6— Rev. Dr. F. X. Morrison and W. V.
Harrington; 8— J. F. Kenny and J. J. Burke
of Oakland. 9— F. A. Meyer and J. W. Mc-
Nully of Petaluma. 10— William J. Eden and
James F. Manney of San Rafael. 11 — D. J.
Long and F. A. Griffln of Sacramento. 12 —
Thoinaa W. JKelly of Santa Cruz. 13— J. A.
Leary and Richard Passalacqua of Vallejo.
lfr— E. F. Harnett of Benicla. 18— Herman
Here and James Simcoe of Marvsville. 21 —
Daniel Martin of Napa. 24 — Rev. T. J. O'Con
ncll of Alameda. 25 — James McNamara of
Martinez. 27— Tom A. Cody and Daniel Healey
of Sacramento. 29 — Ix>uls J. Cas>sidy and Will
J. Collins of Grass Valley. 41— John L. Con
sldine *>nd William J. Pearce of Virginia City.
42— K. F. Lyraan of Watsonvillp. 43 — George E.
Lucas 'of Menlo Park. 44— J. F. Fitzgerald of
Watsonville. 45 — D. S. Friderar of So
noma. 47 — Augustus Hp.rtmnn and Ber
nard Harron of Llvermore. Gl — J. M. Walsh of
Castrovllli*. «•!— Rev. J. M. McCarthy of Fres
no. 67— Thomas Burke and Pierre H. Ryan of
Eureka. Sfi— Kdward P. Lynch and Patrick J.
Murphv of Port Costa. SI— P. J. Thornton of
Merced. 8S— Willam Schmidt of Salinas. 94—
J. Frlel and E. A. Aggf-ler of Ferndale. 307 —
John D. D<»ly of San Mateo. 30S— William J.
Plover of Santa Uosa. 473— A. Schwamm. 513
—Dr. J. A; McGarry of Los Ansrel»s. 564—
Lawrence E. Lake of Crescent City. 563 — Frank
L. Maclni and Harry Cc sta.
J. Rowland. 74— John Reldy and James Glack
in. 12»— Dr. Charles J. McCarthy. 310— M. J.
Neubauer. 460 — Joseph B. Bllater and Antone
Pilovich. 470— F. J. Daunet and Dr. B. J.
Fleming. 508— W. M. Gill and Dr. A. S. Kee
nan. ££5— Frank L. Marlni and Harry Costa
of San Francisco.
No. 1— Robert Tobln and J. J. McCarthy. 3—
R2\\ James A. Grant and John E. Richards
Jr. 4— M. C. McGrath and V. L. Figuerdo. 7—
Rev. Joseph P. McOuaide and George M.
Kelly. 34 — I-ouls F. Guldet. Louis Valentine
and Kdward Miles. 35 — J. K. Cosgrave, J. B.
Queen and J. W. McCarthy. 55— Charles A.
Moraghan and R. A. Miller. 59 — Xeal Powor
and Daniel C. Deasy. 72— F. R. Curtis and M.
Grand chaplain. Rev. M. D. Slattery, Napa:
grand president, L. K. Mahan, Eureka; grand
first vice president, D. J. O'Leary. 769 Clayton
street, San Francisco; grand second vice presi
dent, J. W. Sharp, Los Angeles; grand secre
tary. George A. Stanley. Pioneer building, San
Francisco: grand treasurer, William T. Afrge
ler, San Jose; grand marshal. Thomas J. Ho
ran. San Francir-co; grand inside sentinel, D.
T. Powers, San Francisco; grand outside sen
tinel. Norbert Schneider. San Francisco. Grand
directors — E. R. Myrick (president), J. J.
O'Toole, E. J. Dollard, San Francisco; !>. W.
Mahoney. Sacramento: A. D. McKlnnon, Oak
land; Rev. J. W. Sullivan, San Rafael; T. E.
Collins, Fresno; James D. Whalen, Llvermore.
The delegates from the various councils
are the following named:
The present grand officers of the Grand
Council are:
Officers and Delegates.
try," and that "all applicants for mem
bership must be practical Roman Catho
lics," its name does not sufficiently ex
press Its character. These claim that the
present name does not disclose the char
acter or indicate in the slightest degree
the aims and purposes of the society. The
other matter to be brought up will be the
changing of membership from active, as
sociate and honorary to active and honor
ary, so that there shall be but two
classes— one that shall participate In the
benefits and the other of which shall be
honorary. !
bery, and that he (Morse), with Sheriff
Veale and Constable Moiles of Crockett,
secured all the incriminating evidence in
Winters' cabin. Morse says he was the
first to tell • President Ralston of Selby's
that Winters was the robber.
"I don't want any of this reward for
myself," said Morse yesterdav, ¦ "but I
want to see that Donaldson, Sheriff Veale
and Constable Moiles get what is due
them. Detective Gibson did good work
and should share in the reward, and so
should the Pinkertons. Lees had nothing
to do with securing evidence. After Win
ters was brought to this city Lees was
given the privilege of questioning him. If
Lees thinks he is going to get all the re
ward we will give him a good fight."
Captain Seymour, Chief of Detectives,
says that he will not mix up In any fight
over the reward, and will not allow his
men to do so.
"My reputation," said Seymour, • "Is
worth twice $25,000 to me. . I do not intend
to get mixed up in any quarrel over the
reward. Good work was done by some
men on the case, while others who are
claiming glory and reward did nothing."
Winters yesterday received a postal
card at the City Prison, the writer sign
ing himself "Buck" and upbraiding the
prisoner for confessing.
Healy. Tibbitts & Co.. bridge builders,
will to-day erect a temporary cofferdam
at the spot where the balance of the gold
bullion is lying in the bay close to Vallejo
Junction. The bridge builders yesterday
received Instructions from Superintendent
von der Ropp to proceed with the work as
quickly as possible, as it is feared that
the submerged gold bars may slip down
ward Into deep . water and' get beyond
recovery.
THE seventeenth session of the
Grand Council of the Young
Men's Institute of the Pacific
grand jurisdiction will be held in
this city In the headquarters of
the institute. Pioneer building, commenc
ing on Monday next.
There will be high mass, after which
the meeting will be called to order by
Grand President L.. E. Mahan and the
regular business of the grand body pro
ceeded with. In the evening the grand
officers and members of the institute will
be tendered a reception by the members
of the local branches of the Young La
dies' Institute. On the evening of Tues
day, the second day, the officers and dele
gates will attend a theater party at the
Orpheum, where 200 seats have been re
served. On Wednesday evening there
will be a trolley ride over the electric
lines. On Thursday night there is to be a
grand banquet at the California Hotel,
and on Friday there will be a ride to the
ocean beach and lunch at the Cliff. The
following named committees have been
selected to look after the welfare of the
officers and delegates: -
Finance — Edward B. Thomas. John F. Co
myns, Arthur J. Sullivan, Dennis Barry and
John Doyle.
Banquet— P. J. Hagan, J. Harry Pinkham
and J. A. Dunleavy.
Grand Ball — W. Chester Keough, Joseph F.
Campodonlco, A. J. Donovan, M. J. Connerton
and Thomas F. . Ryan. -
Theater Party— William A. Breslin, C. de An
dreis. Edward 'O'Donnell, T. J. Kinney and
Robert A. Cahalan.
Trolley Ride— M. T. Rellly, Luke Carroll, Jo
seph F. Campodonico, M. T. Cresalia and G. A
Sullivan.
Invitations and Printing— John F. Comyni
Edward B. Thomas and P. J. Hagan.
Press— D. E. Hayden, W. Chester Keough
and Georse A. Stanley.
Headquarters and Decorations — D. E. Hay
den, C. de Andreis and W. Chester Keough.
Better Financial Showing.
During the fiscal year of the order there
were Instituted two councils, Madrona at
Crescent City and Salesian in this city.
In that time there was a fair Increase in
membership, but the gain was offset by
the dissolution of some councils. The
membership at this time Is about 4500 in
the jurisdiction, which includes California
and Nevada. In the year about $13,000
was expended for sick and funeral bene
fits, and' while there has not been any net
gain in members there is a better show
ing In finance than there was at the close
of the previous year. The experiment of
having a junior branch of the order,
which was brought about through the ef
forts of the Rev. Father T. J. O'Connell
in Alameda, has proved very satisfactory.
During the session the officers of the ju
nior branch of Alameda will exemplify the
¦work of initiation.
Grand President L. E. Mahan. by virtue
of his office, will become the junior past
grand president, and it is probable that
D. J. O'Leary, at present first vice presi
dent, will become the grand president,
although there may be some opposition.
T. W. Kelly of Santa Cruz aspires to the
office of first grand vice, and J. D. Wha
len would like to rank as second grand
vice. William T. Aggeler would willingly
serve another term as grand treasurer,
while George A. Stanley, who during the
time that he has been secretary has by
courtesy and close attention to the duties
devolving upon him won many warm
friends, will be retained for another term.
Two Important matters will be brought
up for discussion during the session. One
will be a proposition to change the name
of the organization to the Catholic In
stitute of America. Thoso who favor the
change declare that as the objects of the
society are "mutual aid and benevolence,
the moral, social and intellectual im
provements of its members and the proper
development of sentiments of devotion to
the Catholic church and loyalty to coun-
Although ex-Chief of Police Lees has
practically admitted that John Winters,
who stole a quarter of a million dollars'
worth of gold bullion, was promised im
munity from arrest and a monetary re
ward for divulging the hiding place of the
booty, statements were made yesterday
that Winters is to be prosecuted and pun
ished for his crime.
The general impression that Lees in a
number of "heart to heart talks" " with
Winters promised the robber leniency and
money was confirmed not only by Lees'
statements, but also by the bold and de
fiant attitude of the man held at the City
Prison.
Winters will not admit that he has bean
promised his freedom or that he is to re
ceive any money for having stolen a huge
fortune and then divulging its hiding
place.
The prisoner maintains a defiant atti
tude and seems confident that he will
soon be at liberty and have "money to
turn." On the other hand, the president
cf the Selby Company says that Winters
is to be prosecuted and that no reward
will be paid until he is landed in the State
prison.
Yesterday three heavy bars of gold
were recovered from beneath the waters
of Carqulnez Straits, where Winters
dumped his booty, the value of the bars
being $C5,5S3 13. This gold, with that fished
up last Saturday morning, aggregates a
little more than $206,000, leaving nearly
577.000 in gold bars still to be sought for in
the muddy waters.
Denies Deal With Winters.
President Ralston of the Selby Company
was emphatic in stating that Winters
¦would be prosecuted and punished for his
crime.
"The story published in an evening. pa
per on Saturday," said President Ral
ston, "is a gross fabrication and is an out
rage. Our company never authorized any
one to offer immunity to Winters or prom
ise him a single cent as a reward if he
would divulge where he had hidden the
bullion.
"On Wednesday last we offered a re
ward of J25.CW for information which
would lead to the recovery of the bullion
and arrest and conviction of the thieves.
AVe took every step to close any avenue
of escape and secured the services of the
ablest detectives in the State. We have
not and will not change our policy in this
matter. Xo ieward will be paid by us to
anv one until the terms under which we
offered it are fully carried out. We are
not concerned in any dispute among the
detectives and officials as to the rignt to
claim the reward.
"If any one induced Winters to confess
by promising him a share of the reward
offered or guaranteed him his freedom
It was done without our authority. We
left the matter of running down the rob
ber and the recovery of the bullion in the
hands of the detectives. The Pinkerton
agency was made the headquarters and
we referred all persons to them. It is npi
just to our. company that an impressior
should gain currency that we would make
terms with a. thief. We- have been in busi
ness for thirty years and our reputatlor
is well known in the community. I car
but repeat emphatically that we stand to
tlay just as we did when we offered th<
reward. The confession of Winters anc
the recovery of the bullion have no1
changed our views. As far as we are con
cerned, the reward of Winters for h:.'
crime will be prosecution and imprison
mpDL"
Wliat tho Pinkertons Sayl
Superintendent McParland of the Pink-
Agency stated yesterday that he
was not concerned in the dispute over the
reward offered by the Selby Company,
and that Winters would be prosecuted.
"It ir an iron-clad rule of our agency,"'
s=a:d McParland. "that none of our men
sha!! receive rewards. All this talk about
Winters being promised -his freedom and
a big bonus for stealing more than a
quarter of a million dollars' worth of gold
i= mere moonshine. You can state that
¦\Vinters will be speedily placed on trial
anc given his deserts.
"I was opposed to the offer of a large
regard. I suggested a reward only large
enough to stimulate the efforts of local
officials throughout the State. Winters
understood perfectly from me that we had
all the evidence to convict him and give
him a long term in prison. I warned him
that he would npver have a chance to get
near the bullion he had stolen. I told him
that if he was in prison for thirty years
when he came ov.t we would have a
man with him day and night until he'
died.
Stole to "Win. a Beward.
"I am convinced that "Winters stole the
bullion solely with the idea of securing a
big reward. His work was crude and he
left a clear trail - behind him. His idea
¦was to join in the hunt for the gold and
when a large reward was offered to fish
it up in the presence of witnesses and
claim the reward. 1 consider Winters a
far more dangerous criminal under these
circumstances than one ¦who Intended to
get away with his plunder. He knew
very well that he could not get away with
any of the bullion, and he lies when he
says that was his intention. I am con
vinced that he left two gold bricks on the
rocks in order to create the impression
that the gold had been taken away in a
boat. He will be far safer in. prison than
out of It. Our organization secured the
evidence against him and the prosecution
will not be delayed."
Winters Is still in the prison at the Hall
of Justice. He will be kept there until
Sheriff Veale of Contra Costa County
comes over for him and removes him to
the jail at Martinez.
May Play Insanity Dodge.
TVhen WirHers was informed that he
could be sent to prison for a long term
of years he whistled between his teeth
and then laughed. He got up. from the
seat where he had been resting, dug his
hands into his trousers pockets and
jumped around the room and giggled like
a schoolgirl.
If Winters p'ays the insanity dodge
when he Is placed on trial it would not
be surprising. He seems to be perfectly
tangulne that he will be soon at liberty
and that he will have plenty of money to
spend as a result of looting the Selby
safe and then telling where he had hidden
the bullion.
Winters made a long statement yester
day before Captain of Detectives Seymour
in which he explained how kindly he had
been treated while he was under examina
tion in the Hall of Justice. "Winters ex
plained that he was not "tortured" into
answering questions and that no threats
or promises of reward were made by Sey
mour or the men of the office In order to
secure information. Winters says noth
ing, however, as to any "heart to heart
talks" he had with ex-Chief of Police
Lees.
Bitter Fight for Beward.
The right for the $25,000 reward offered
by the Belbys premises to be a lively one.
Detective Harry Morse yesterday filed a
claim with the Selby company on behalf
of Pete Donaldson. Sheriff Veale of
Contra Costa County and himself.
In the communication Morse says that
Donaldson was the first to give Informa
tion connecting Winters with the rob-
Offered by the Smelting
Company.
Lively Fight Is on Between Official
and Civil Sleuths Over Reward
Three More Gold Bricks Are
, Recovered From Mud
of the Bay.
Selby President Says
Winters Will Be
Punished.
GOLD THIEF
IS HOPEFUL
OF FREEDOM
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,/ TUESDAY, AUGUST, 13, 1901.
Pleasing Programme Is Arranged for Entertainment of the Delegates
Who Will Assemble Next Monday.
SEVENTEENTH GRAND SESSION
OF THE YOUNG MEN'S INSTITUTE
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
The proper use of malt in its pure, sim-
ple and -natural state in Malt Breakfast
Food gives to this king of foods its many
health virtues and advantages as an. ar-
ticle of diet for the weak and strong, for
the young and old.
Malt Breakfast Food is a wonderful rev-
elation of food purity and food value to
food experts. It isia combination of the
virtues of malt and the full strenjrth of
the choicest wheat, partially, cooked and
predlgested. No other cereal breakfast
food has ever attained such popularity.
and Clearness to
the Brain.
Gives Health to the Body
A True Health Food.*
Malt Breakfast food
® ®®®®O®®® SXS)®®S)®®®3)®(2)®®®®®®
I DR. GREEN, Specialist. §
I DISEASES OF MEN QUICKLY CURED. 1
® Emms Spreckeli Building, Rooms 118-419, ®
(i) Offica Hours: 10 A. M. to 3 P. M., 7 to 9 P ¦ M. (3)
® Sundays, 10 A. M. to 2 P. M. . ®
®SX8®®®®<gXgXS)(g6)(5XS)(S>gXjg)®(S ©®®®®@®
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
PERSONALLY CONDUCT-
ED Tourist Excursions Every
WEDNESDAY and FRIDAY. ,
D W. HITCHCOCK,
General Agent, I). P.R. R. Co.,
No.? Montgomery St.i San Francisco:
DAILY TOURIST GAR SERVICE
Time of the UNION PACIFIC
from San Francisco to CHI-
CAGO Less Than -Three Days
Without Change.
Louisvi le and Return.. .$77. 50
Tickets sold Aug. 20th and 21st.
Cleveland and Return.. .$82.25
-Tickets sold. Sept. 5th and 6th.
Buffalo and Return .$87.00
Tickets sold Auj?. 22d and 23d
and Sept. 5U1 and 6th.
t
Three Through Trains Daily.
UnionPacificRallroad
"THE OVERLAND ROUTE."
Always in the Lead!
SOUTHERN PACIFIC.
7nliu I«MTf> nml wr» «lnf> »« »rrlv« »•
NAN ntANCINCO.
(Main Line. Foot of Market Street,)
uin — From Jult 14. 1901. — Ajuuva
":00a Benlcla, Suisun, Elmin sad 8»cr»-
inento <:3-ip
?:OOa Vtcitille. Wictsn. Kum»ey 7:Sop
7s3Oa M kitin«z.aauUaniou. Vallejo. U»p»,
Callatock »nd Hautm Row •tZSr
8:0OA DmTls, Wuodland. Knis&U L»ndia»,
MarjiTille. <)tofUle_ 7s3*r
SiOOjt Atlantic Kxpreis— Ogden »nd Eatt 12:25p
MHMtA Kiles. Lathrop, Stockton ~tiS.*r
SiOOaNUo, Mendot*. Hanford. Visalla,
Fcrterrule 4:S3y
S:30a Shatte Express— D»tIs, Williams (for
Bartlett Spring*), Willows, Bad
1 Bluff. Portland:. 7i33r
• iIOa S»h Juaa. Li»ermore, Stooktou.
lona, H'acrmmeuto. Plaeerrllla.
M«rys<llle. Chico, lte<1 IHiUT 4sa.tp
SiCOa O»kd»lf, Chinese (Ycsemite). 8o-
nora. Cuter* 4:24p
»:0«* Haywud. Niln and <7»y Station!.. I • i-V» v
MOa VaOleJo l»>23p
•>OVa IjOS Aageles Express — Martinas,
Tracy, Lathrop, Stockton. M creed
Fresno »ud Lo» Acgoles ?>23p
»:»•» A Vallrjo, Martiuei ami Way Stmtlom 7s33p
I 0:00a The OTerlaud Limited— Ogden, Den.
ver, Omaha. Chicaco • dt93p
fl:«Op Sacramento Utter Stetmerii 1»iO»a
3:Si>p Ha»w»r<l. >'ile» ud Way HUtloaa.. 7:33p
4iO*r Beuicia. Winters. Saeremento,
Woodland, Kni.lita Laudloj.
MarysTille, Orotille I».33a
4:4»np Martiueic, Hail llaiuoii. Vallejo.
Nairn. lUllitiiKa. Hantit Kosa «i«S%
4iOOp Nlles, LiTermore, Stockton. Lodi... l*>Mf
4tnup Harvard, Nilei, ban. Iubs, Linrmoro tS:A3A
4>3<>p Port Co«<». Trtcy, Lathrop, Stockton 1«j35a
3:0ttr Th« Owl Limited— rreano; Tulare.
BakersSald. baugus (or Santa. Bar-
bara, Loa An goles »:33»
5:«0p Martin*?:, Antioch, Stockton, Mer-
ced. Fresno 1»j23p
B:O»p Yosemlt* \SiX3f
BiitOp New Orleans ExpTO**— Maodota. •--¦.¦ -
- Fresno. Bakerane'.d. Loa Angeles,
Iteming. El Paso, New Orleans
and East 7iSSa
•:OOp Ha< ward, Miles and San Joss ?;33*
t«<OO r Vaflejo 1 1:234
DiOlir Oriental Mall— OuJeu. Cheyenua.
Omaha. Chicago lSsSSp
titOr Orioutal Mail— Ogden. Denvar.
St. Louii. Chlc»so. 4:S3p
7i«Or Otcjon ami Califonil* Kxpreiia.Haa-
raiueiito, MarxsTllIa, Ueilillng.
l'orklttn.l. Tuget HimiimI *i«1 Kuk StSS*
IiMpSu Pablo. F»rt Costa, Martinez
am! W»» Stations ll>a»A
t»I«»P Vallifrt.-. 7t3Ap
COAST LINE CUrrotr «-an B «).
(Foot of M»rkat 3tr ert.) ¦• -
)?i43a E»nt» Cmi Exonrsioo to daota> Cnu "~
and Priu<rp»l Way Stations tS>*3»
• iir»» Newark. t>MtKriille,.San.)oso,Frtton, •
Boulder Cxeek.SaiiUOruxtnd Way ' ¦ - ¦
Stations »»«•»
t»t I «r Newark CautenriUa. San .losa. New
Almadan. Fnitoo. ISoaUler 'Jreek. ..
. Santa C'xnx and Tilncipat Way
Stations IftiOOA.
4tl-1p Newark, Hun Jose, Los Gatpa. ...... t*"^"* -
«4tl3r Qlanwood.B<mlderCreek. SintaCna «Xi3Oa-
OAKLAND HARBOR: FERRY.
ma SU rUSCISCO— Fwi *f Market Strwt (Slis 8)— -
17:18 8:00 ll:0Oi.M. 1:09 3:03 6:13r.«.
rnialllUlO— n*\*t»tnin*j.— to : 00 |d:00 t3:0l
10;00».M. 12:03 8:03 «:C3r.lt. •
COAST IjIXE (Itroail Range).
(Third and TownnmtSts.) - :
8<IAa Sao Josaand Way HUtlona....^.... «»;IOa
4?iOOa Han Josa ¦>¦•<! Way SUtlima li:n»p
/7i»«A New Almadon / 4|1O*
t?i3ttA Bnnday Excursion for Ban Jotav
Banta Ciua. Pad&o Grora and
Prladpal Way Stations. XStSOt
litOi Han Joaa, HolUster. Munta Omz,
PaciDe Hro»», HaUnas, 8aa LnU
Cbtspo, Santa Barbara and Prtn-
dpai IntermedUte Staktims ?>3n»
IOiSOa Ban Joae and Way Station... 0:3o»
I Ii3»a San Joss ami Way -Stations &.ao»
tSt4Si> 8au Mateo. Kedwood. M»nlo Park.
Pain Alto. Hanta Clara, San Juaa.
Hol'bter, Santa Crux. Sallnaa,
Moutereyand Facillc GrnTs 1IOi43a .
•>SOp San Jose. Trea PInos. Santa, Craz.
Paetflo Qrova and Way Station* 4: Hip
«4tlSp San Jose ami Principal Way Stations M:43a
43tOOr San Jose, Lea Gatoa and IMucipal
WaySUtiona 13:00a
StXOr San Josaand Princip»l W«y Station* S:36a
' CiOOr Redwood. Ran Joe«. GQroy. Sallnaa,
Santa Barbara. Los Angeles 10«o3*
•tSOp San Jose and Way .¦nations )»:««»
qll»4»pSaii Jo«b»ihI Way Station* 7»30r
A for Morning. P f or A f teruoou.
tSun.tay eicopted. tSnudafonly. -«;>£.¦*'
« Satarday only. « Monrtiy.
a Saturday *B I Scnday . / Tuesdsys and FWdajj
CALIFOMH HORTfllffESTERI BI. Ca
. LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
TIburcn Ferry. Foot of Markat Sfc
San Fransisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DAYS— 7:30, 9:00. 11:00 a. m.: 12:35,
3:30 5:10 6:30 p. m. Thursdays^ — Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:50
and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS-8:00. 9 JO, 11:00 a. m.; 1:30. 3:30.
5:00, 6:20 p. m. '
ban. Raiael to San Francisco.
"WEEK DATS— 6:10, 7:50, 9:20. 11:10 a. m.; 12:43,
3:40, 5:15 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:55
and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 3:10, 9M0, 11:10 a. ra.; 1:40, 3:40,
5:05, 6:25 p. m. ;
Leave I In Effect I Arrive
San Francisco. | April 28. 1901. | San Francisco.
Week I Sun- I I Sun- J Week
Days. I days. | Destination. | days. | Days.
7:30 am S:00am Novato. 10:40 am 8:40 am
3-30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma, 6:05 pm 10:25 am
5:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
Fulton,
7:30 am Windsor. 10:2a am
5:00 pm Healdsburs, 10:40 am
Lytton. ,
Geyserville,
3:30 pm S:00am Cloverdale. 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
7-CO ami 5:00 pm! Hopland 110:40 am|10:25 am
3:30 pm| 8:00 ami and Ukiah. | 7:35 pm| 6:20 pm
7:30 am j W:4? am 10:25 am
S:00 am Guerneville. 7:35 pm
3:30 pm 5:00 pm| ¦ j 6:20 pm
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma 9:15 am 8:40 am
and
5:10 pm 5:CP pm Glen Ellen. 6:05 pm 6:20 pm
7:20 ami 8:00 ami JW:4O amjlO:25 am
3:30 pm! 5:C0 pm! Sebastopol. I 7:35 pm| 6:20 pm
Stages connect at Santa RO3a for Mark West
Snrir.ps and White Sulphur Springs: at Fulton
tor Altruiia: at Lytton for Lytton Springs: at
Geyserville for Skaggs Springs: at Cloverdale
for the Geysers: at Hopland for Duncan
¦ Sprine* Highland Springs. Kelseyville. Carls-
bad Springs. Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs: at Ukiah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
Springs, Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake, Witter
Springs Upper I-ake. Porno. Potter Valley.
John Day's. Riverside. Lierley's. BucknelVs.
Sanhedrin Heights. Hullville, Orr"s Hot
Springs. Mendoolno City. Fort Brag*. West-
jiort I T sal. Willltp. Laytonville. Cummins.
Bell's Springs. Harris. Olsen's. Dyer. Scotia
and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sunday round-trib tickets to all points
beyond Ean Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Office. 650 Market street. Chronicle
Building.
• H. C. "WHITING. , R. X. RYAN.
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agt.
Santa Fe Trains
' Leave Market-street Ferry Depot.
Local Lim'd I Ovrl'd I^ocal -
Daily ? Daily Daily
Lv San Fran 7:20 a D:CO a 8:00 p 4:20 p
Ar.' Stockton. 10:18 a 11:4% a 11:10 p 7:18 p
•• Merced ..112:2! p 1:17 p 1:19 p. 9:11 p
" Fresno ..I 2:05 p 2:S"i p 3:03a 10:50 p
" Hanford.-I 3:12 P 3:27 p 7:0« a
••' Visalla...l 3:40 p 4:«a
" BkrsHMr]. 6:15 p 6:23 P 7:30 a
•• Kan City 2:40 a 7:30 a
"" Chicago 2:1."> p 9:00 p
n for morning.- P for afternoon.-
•9:00 a m. train is the California Lim-
ited leavir)f Monday and Thursday only,
carrying Palace Sloping Cp's and Dining
Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car runs
to Bakrrsfleld for accommodation of local
first-class pa«5enger<<. No ?econd-cU.«s •
tickets honored on thl« train. Correspond-
ing train arrives at 5:55 p. m. Tuesday and
Friday.
4:20 p. rn. Is Stockton and Fresno local.
Co-responding train arrives at 12:30 p. m.
dally. • •
! 8:00 r>. m. i« the OV-rlsind Express, -with
j through Palnce and Tourist Sleepers and
Free Re<Mlnir» Chilr Cars to Chicago: also
Palace f?le«>ppr. which cuts 'out at Fresno.
Corresponding train arrives at 5:55 p. m.
dailv. . ¦ ¦-¦ • ¦ '
7:20 a. m. is Bakersfleld Local, stopping at
all . points In San -.Toaquln Valley. Corre-
sponding train arrives at 8:40 a. «i. dally.
Of flees— «41 Market i-treet and ; In F«rry
Depot. Ean Francisco: 1112 Broadway. Oak-
MOUNT TAMALPAI5 RAILWAY
' Tl* SMMllt* r errr— Foot of llukat St.
i;i5J:2:i^*'" i « i "- u - iAV ™' iiSLS:
8KX)a. m.\ f 12:15 p. M.
9:00 a. m. I . 1:15 P.M.
10.-00 A. M. I gTTNDAVa I'tSDT.M.
1130 a. „ >-."..«O«DAY»....... < .j^p.^
ISO P.M. 5:60 T.U.
2J3ur.M.) ¦• i,^-'\W'w -'.'I7aov.it.'
r%n. Sma PrMfllM* M Bnmaill mntt Return. (1.4a
| Ticket Offices, an Market St.. ft Sanaa It to Perry,
THROUGH TRAINS.
:6:K> al' m. week days — Cazadero and way sta-
tions.
3:15 p. ra. Saturdays— Cazadero and way sta-
tions. ... . i . . .
¦5:15 p. m. week days (Saturdays excepted)—
Tomales and way stations. * .- .
» 6 a. m. Sundays — Cazadero and way stations.
10 a. ; m. Sundays — Point Reyes and way sta-
tions. . • ; .
AND SAN RAFAEL.
. WEKK' DAYS— 6:r.5.- 8:30. »9:30. 11:00 a. m..
12:45. »1:45. 3:13. '4:15. 5:15. *6:15. 6:43 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San
Rafael on Mondays, Wednesdays, Saturdays
and Sundays at 9:30 and 11:40 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 7:00. 8:00. »9:00.: *IO:0O. 11:00. 11:30
a. m.. 12:45. ¦•1:30. 2:30. *3:4.">, 5:00, 6:00, 7:30
p. m. 11:00 a. m. does not run' to S?.n. Rafael
Sundays. .'¦'..
Tratnc marked (•) run to San Quentin.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
"WEEK DAYS-*5:2S, , 6:27. .7:47. 8:35. 10:15
a. m.. •12:25. 1:15. 2:20. '3:35. 4:40, 5:30 p. m.
EXTRA*" TRIPS on Mondays. 'Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:45 and 10:00 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 6:13. »8:Cn. 9:45. «n:00 a. m., *12
m.'. 1:00, 2:15. *3:20, 4:30, *5:45. 6:45, 7:30. 10:1}
p. m. -'. ;
Trains marked <*> start from San Quentin.
FROM MILL, VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DAYS— 5:45. S:43, .7:55, 8:55. 10:SO
a. m.. 12:35. 1:4*. 2:45. 3:50. 5:10. 5:20 p. m. .
¦ EXTRA -TRIPS on-.*,' Mondays,. -.Wednesday j
and Saturdays at 7:10. and 10:35 p. tn.
SUNDAYS— «:85. 8:00. 10:05. 11:10 a. m.. 12:15
1:20, 2:30. 3:45. 5:00. (5:15. 7:15, 10:30 p. m.
' Via Sausalito Ferrv.
* , ' Commencing April 2S. 1901.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL. VALLEY
«OBTH PAGiFiS COAST RAiLROiO.
Weekly CaJl,$1.00 per Year
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTERS, THB
great Mexican remedy; gives health and
strength to sexual organs. Depot. 323 Maxkac
GREAT NORTHERN RAILWAY.
COOt, AND DUSTLESS. .
Daily Palace and Tourist Sleepers.
< Dining Car, Meals a: la Cart*.
» . Library Observation Car.
REDUCED ROUND TRIP RATES TO
• EA8 "-ERN POINTS.
i E. S. BLAIR. Gen. A*t.; 633 Market at. ••
§Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
629 HEARS iV ST. Established
In 1S34 (or the treatment of l'rlvnt«
DiAfiMK. Loat Mannood. Debility or
dl.<M»nae wearlngon body ami mind and
Skin Diseases. Tbe Doctor cures when
others fall. Try him. rharges low.
I'nrrosoarnntrrd. Call or writ*
Dr. •!. F. ClIBnoX. saa Francisco. CaL
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
CAUGHT A SEVERE GOLD. ;
BROUGHT ON SUMMER CATARRH
• ••••• »»•••••••••• •••••••¦ runa is the b<*st remedy for catarrh. I
< . ¦ ? have already brought it to the notice of
1 <jv ' • < > many. My sister ar.d her husband keep it
' y. 1 in the house all the time, and are con-
1 vS"#-*v ' vinced that there is no better remedy for
1 " colds. If every one would keep Peruna in
¦ jj===t. I the house to jiuard against colds much
Jfc23fc4j5g=g^S^ « needless suffering woulJ be spared. If any
/£%&l^]e£§l£&^3A k on e doubts I am ready to testify, for Pe-
4!&&^&zZ£^^ii&£k " runa cured me of catarrh after 1 had suf-
Jtg5M2§RMz£e*S&sSi!2& " fered for ten years."— Miss Anna Cramer.
fiSgBfT *^^^^^a t Mrs - Nellie Underwood. National Press
iBUr Correspondent I^adiea oC the G. A. R.,
' ' ' wrltes from 001 Hamilton street. Chicago,
YsB&l '4^&\ ' tne following:
J^Srgp jjg^» " The Peruna Medicine Co., Columbus, O.:
1 ~~ J *^' ' Gentlemen — "Every summer when
//'/I L^^w^ tl> e weather changes so, suddenly /
j j I l\ '****•*+ " % /^^^N\\\ » seem to caich one of those tedious
/////mW colds - I have tried several remedies,
/////Mm* ** ; : out two y ears a 9° f ! ried p*™™ * n <i
llllllan , fo Un d it most efficacious. It cured me
r=^jjl^r ' AT — " completely in six days. Last summer
J^0Slif .' /o^* i I had another attack. I at once took
* y^m / A^^~J Peruna and in three days was well. I
/I j£\^' find tl* a f by taking it occasionally it
•*. (\(a^ ! keeps my system in a healthful con-
' w (^-^ h dition, and I therefore gladly endorse
miss Blanche mters >> HS'—Mrs. Nellie Underwood. .
MISS BLANCHE MYERS. Summer colds, though n<St as frequent
>««»»»« •••••••••••• ••>>»« as winter colds, very often prove more
dangerous. At the first symptoms of
Miss Blanche Myers, 3120 Penn street, catching Peruna should be taken. It ia
Kansas City, Mo., has the following to sure to stop the cold at once and save
say of Peruna: ¦ needless suffering:, and perhaps catarrh.
"During each of the past four seasons I Peruna as an internal, systemic remedy
have caught a severe cold when suddenly acts promptly on the inflarned mucous
chilled after an evening party, and ca- membranes wherever the cold has settled,
tarrh for several weeks would be the re- It strikes at the root of the matter, and
suit. One bottLs of Peruna cured nic. and thus cures promptly and permanently.
I shall not dread colds any more as I Address the Peruna Drug Manufactnr-
did."-BLANCHE MYERS. ing Co. for a free book entitled "Health
Mls-i Anna Cramer, 1950 Second avenue, and Beauty," written especially for worn-
New York City, writes: en by Dr. Hartman. President of the
"I can bear witness to the fact that Pe- Hartman Sanitarium. Columbus, O.
[iylj^ziaes^dr-Pd^^i^ers
From Los Angeles Mondays and Wednesdays; San Francisco, IJijlT(^!Jlli(S
Tuesdays and Thursdays— Omaha, Chicago, Kansas City, St. Louis— IWlSMfH
EVERYWHERE east. Tickets and berths at Southern Pacific ticket • fn!llMluf|l
offices or by writing [jfiril 1 llfc?SJ <j
2 W, D. Sanborn. Gen'l Agent. 631 Market St.. San Francisco. I * I
BnmDIHBIHBBSDBH^DBSflBI^^HHIBHBHHflBBUnDSB^^m^EBSS&i^
H« ¦ 31XC* L JH 3.t^Q in. ----- •
1 Genuine Patent Kid I both
if ¦¦ j /¦* ¦¦ £* Hi /\ *~ £» ]i f
I nlvyn oUDLo i| anc *
I All 'sizes All widths I I Widths AAA to EE
I I SOIjH AQBNOY "^ ,
y 1 1 MM d M*V\,jY/\L* g*m >
W I 5O third St. %
| Second shoe jatore from Market JjTUESDAY. ....' i 3> 1901
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Ad£re«i AH Communications U W.B. LEAKS, Kaaager.
HAXAGER'S OFFICE T«sleplion» Pre«« 2O4
rCBLICATIOX OFFICE... Market and Third, S. F.
Telephone Press 201.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson St.
Telephone Press 202.
DcllTcred *»y Carrier*. 15 Cento Per Weelc.
Single Copies. B Cents.
Terms hy Hall. Including rosin set
DAILY CAM. Onchifiln* Ennflay). ca» ymr J«M
DAILY CALL. CIncluainr. Sun«s.y). « months tM
DAILT CALL, flndu<Jln«r Bunday). * months • I- 50
TVAIT/r CALl^— By Ftn&le Month 6Se
FTTNDAT CALL. One Year 1E0
«"EEXLT CALL. One Year 1W
All p««(mni(("T« nre iinfhorUed to receive _
subscriptions.
Parr pis copies -will b« forwarded when requested.
U*n ratwcrtbwg Jn erterla*; chanre cf «aflre«" should t*
r«rtlcnl«r to rive both NEW AND OU> ADDRESS !n orde»
to Insure * prompt aad correct comDUanee. with their request.
DAKLAXD OFFICE ......1118 Broadway
C. OEORGB KROGTOSf.
Xanager rcrelgn Advertising. Marqnette BnlHing. Chicago.
(Lcrr Distance Telephone "Central 2611.")
XEW TORK CORRESPONDENT*
C. C CARLTOS. ................. .HersJd Sqnare
NETT YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
iTEFHKlf B. SMITH 30 Tribune Building
NEW TORK NEWS STANDS:
WeJ4orf-A*tori«. Hotel; A. Brectano, «1 TTnlott Square:
Murray H1U HoteL
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Sherman House: P. O. News Co.: Great Northern Hotel:
Fremont House; Auditorium HoteL
BRAXCH OFFICES— 527 Montgomery, corner- of Clay. op» B
entll »:S8 o'clock. SCO Hayes, opea untn 9:SI) o'clocTc 633
McAllister, open until 9:10 o'clock. C15 Irfirkln. open until
t:M o'clock. 1841 Mission. op«n until 10 o'clock. 2261 Market.
corner Sixteenth, open until » o'clock. 1F96 Valencia, open
CBtil » o'clock. 1M Eleventh, open until J o'clock,. NW.
corner Twenty-second and Kentucky, open until t o'clock.
7K0 F"!llmore. open until 9 p. m.
Nine thousand Pullman car conductors have or
ganized and from their headquarters in St. Louis de
mand that the traveling public'be more liberal in its
tips. Perhaps the knights of the coach want our
clothes. > t
A correspondent of the Philadelphia Record, writ
ng from Rome, states that within two days after the
ecent birth of £ daughter in the royal family King
/ictor received from his people over 21,000 congratu
fttory telegrams and upward of 20,000 petitions for a
hare in the expected distribution of birthday money.
liter that the King can hardly doubt that his people
re warmly interested in himself and his children, j
A Jersey City benedict deserted his wife some time
ago because she refused, to serve vinegar with his
salad. One would suspect that his disposition was
by nature 'sufficiently^ sour to -be' left alone.
John Winters, the thief of Selby's, will enjoy - a
unique distinction in the history of American crime.
He is both knave and fool, and, unfortunately for him
self, a little more of the latter than of the former.
NEW YORK, Aug. • 12.— The ; following
Calif ornlana are In New] York; From San
FranclsccAH. S, Bettlnger. B, E. Dever,
Miss M. Hair, J, P. Hains, at the Astor;
R. \G. Brown, -.at the .' Navarre* -G,\tR.
Church, "at the Netherland; G. A, Corco
ran, at the Metropolitan j P,K.'Glllnian,
H. J. Stewart, ; Misa"'F, Stewart, at the
Park Avenue;- B.'... A,' Goodrich,- at. • the
Plaza ;vF, Heney, . at the- Herald Square j
lira, E. L, Holley, Miss A, Mackintosh,
Californians in New York.
It is reported that Schwab^of the Steel Trust-has
promised to deliver a series of lectures this winter on
"How to Succeed," so the story that he is receiving
$1,000,000 a year can hardly be true., No man with
that salary would, have to take to lecturing.
A gang of Albany gamblers raided the police sta
tion of the town a -'few days ago and took what they
pleased from the place. It might not be a bad idea for
the progressive citizens of the town to induce some of
the gamblers to join the police force.
Since somebody has thought it worth while to tele
graph to this country that the Crown Prince of Ger
many takes two lessons a week on the violin let us
be pleased with the news and trust that the young man
will succeed in fitting himself for the vaudeville stage
and be able to do as many kinds of stunts as his father.
A recent description of the barbaric splendors of the
Russian court says that in the. imperial palace at St.
Petersburg many of the kitchen utensils are of solid
gold, among them being a fish pan worth $5000. The
chief cookgets a salary of $50,000 a year. Having all
that at his disposal it is a pit'y the Czar suffers from
indigestion and cannot enjoy his dinner.
Sir William MacCormack, president of the Royal
College of Surgeons, is reported to have stated in a
recent address that the character of gunshot wounds
received in battle has' completely changed during the
last thirty years, are by no means so often fatal
as they. were. In accounting for the change he said
"the improved weapon is not so efficient as the old
weapon," which is doubtless the right way to put the
case, but an improvement which tends to inefficiency
sounds funny.
;,R. Isaacs,' a New York capitalist, who
is on a visit of pleasure to the coast/re
turned yesterday from Monterey and is at
the Palace. . :< % : &":
Washington Porter, a wealthy fruit buy
er of Chicago, is at the Palace, accom
panied by his family. ' ¦
Dr. T. E.Taggart, the physician of the
Southern Pacific at Bakersfleld. is among
the recent arrivals at the Grand.
J. C. Ruddock, t a' prominent attorney
and politician of-Ukiah, is among the ar
rivals of last. night at. the Grand. v lt v
Captain J. H. Roberta is at^ the Lick,
where he. arrived yesterday from his home
in Sacramento.
F. H. Rice, of -Washington, D. C, is at
the Occidental, accompanied by his wife
and daughter. # . .
' Secretary of State C. F. Curry has come
down from Sacramento and is a guest at
the Grand. • ¦ • :
Rev. J. I. Haynes has come "up from
Marysville and is staying at the Califor
nia. ¦ •
W. H. Clary of Stockton Is at the Lick
while on' a short business trip to this city.
Byron Waters is a guest at the Occiden
tal.
Dr. R. M. English, U. S. A., is at the
California.
W. H. Thomas; an. attorney of TJklah,
ij,at the Grand.
J. M. Walbridge, a Yreka mine owner,
is at the Grand.
R.. C. Cline, the Los Angeles railroad
man, Is at the Grand.
W. H. Hatton, an attorney of Modesto,
is a guest at the Lick.
B. F. Brooks, a wealthy oil speculator of
Bakersfleld, is at the Palace."
L. R. Poundstone is registered at the
Grand from his home in Canyon.
Californians in Washinfrton.
Aug : 12.-The following
Californians arrived to-day; At the Shore
ham, F.-J, Heney of San Francisco; at
the Arlington, F. Canning of Ban Fran
cisce J. J. Moore, John F. iuerrlll and C.
H, Merrill. ... _ _
at the Murray Hill; C, H. Howard at the
Broadway Central: Mrs. H. S. Jerome at
the Imperial; J, c, Kirkpatrlck ft th*
Holland: J. H. Robinson and wife at the
Manhattan; M, Sanders, at Tie J^X
Union:^Mrs, Q, Steur, at the Albert'o
A, Hickok. at the Cadillac, From Sac^
From t^S
S5^.t%%t5K 8an Jose - H -
"Break" 4 break, break,
On thy cold, gray stones, O sea"
But please quit breaking our yachts* frail
masts,
Or that race can never be. .p. .
—Boston Herald.'
She wore two patches of courtplaster
over her eyebrows. »"»»ter
v " T K° Se J , beaUty spots are th e result of
her boarding-school education," remarked
tne otner one.
"How Is that?" .'. "'V
"Don't you see she has been taught to
dot her eyesr-Denver Times,
A young officer at the front recently
wrote home to his father: "Dear Father-
Kindly send me £50 at once; lost another
leg in a stiff engagement, and am in hos
pital without means." .The answer was*
"My Dear Son— As this is the fourth leg
you have lost, according to your letters
you ought to be accustomed to it by this
time. Try to wabble along: on any others
you may have left."— Pall Mall Gazette.
Mr. Crimsonbeak— Then I don't believe
it was a New York man who found it—
Yonkers Statesman.
Mrs. Crimsonbeak — The paper says a
watch, believed to have been lost some
time about 1627, has been found on Pov
erty Island, at the mouth of the Connec
ticut River, by a New Tork man.
Mr. Crimsonbeak— Does it say whether
it was going or not?
MrB. Crimsonbeak— No, it was silent on
that point. -. . -
The man whose education i3 finished
helps to 3well the undertaker's bank bal
ance.
Stops Diarrhoea and Stomach Cramps. Dp.
Siegerfs Genuire Imported Angostura Bitters."
Dr. Sanford's Liver Invigt>rator.
BestL'ver Medicine. VegetableCurerorLtver Ilia,
Billousress, Indigestion. Constipation. Malaria.
Kellar, the magician, ta going 1 to try
farming. When he needs more land he
will probably turn a cow into a ten-acre
lot.
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont-,
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lu at Townsend's.*
Choice candles, Townsend's, Palace Hotel*
This is what our official exhibit at Paris surely
acked, and lacked because it was impossible "to ex-
Dlain an exhibit that was scattered in small fragments
hroughout the vast collection of things, merged as
5articles of pigment are into the color on a wall. The
•uperior advantages of the collective method pursued
it Buffalo will disincline this State to ever spend an
:ther dollar on a diffusive and undescribed, scattered
.nd useless exhibit. 'i4'j":%
It happened that he got the correct answer. Per
laps to many that very question of fencing is vital
n determining whether they will seek a home in Cali
ornia. All this shows that the value of an exhibit
ies greatly in the exhibitor, who must be able to ex
,-lain it intelligently to the spectators.
We use almonds and walnuts as an illustration of
he method by which the visitors to our exhibit are
nformed in detail upon every subject about which
hey inquire, from mining to fishing. It is this which
jives value to an exhibit. Questions are answered by
jrinted matter and orally. If any one think that he
•jsn make a printed description so complete that noth
ng remains unanswered he is greatly mistaken. A
locument giving full information about the making
)f an orchard from the first start to the first harvest
s-as supposed to answer everything. An intelligent
">bserver read it through and asked, "Do you fence
rour orchards?" Being told that we do he asked at
jhee, "Which do you find the cheaper, wire or lum
jcr?"
It is -news to thousands in the East that we pro
luce almonds and English walnuts. When they ask
ibout these they can find out the volume of their pro
luction, the parts of the State where they flourish, the.
ige at which the trees come to bearing, the method
if harvesting and preparing the nuts for market, and
til information that fixes the subject in the mind of
he inquirer, so that hereafter when he cracks an al
nond or a walnut California occurs to him, and the
tweet nut becomes an advertiser of the State.
It is not necessary for Californians to make the
ourney to see it It is intended for the eyes of those
vho ought to be in California, and for those who
tee in our great exhibit an opportunity to do profit
ible business in handling our products. The State
3oard of Trade and Mr. William H. Mills, in co
jperation in making and arranging the exhibit, under
•tood well the value of adding information to the
naking of an exhibit.
IT is a far cry to Buffalo, and not many Californians
have made the long journey to the Pan-American
Exposition. Those who have are proud of the
jreat space allotted to this State and of the expert
md splendid manner in which it has been filled. Cali
omians who were in Paris last year could not find the
state in the official exhibit As far as the visiting
jeople of the world were concerned California might
:s well have not been there at alL It was merely a
>art of the general tone and Color of the exposition,
vithout individuality and impossible to separate from
he mass in which it was merged. This is not the
:ase at Buffalo. There the State is a unit, an indi
vidual, and its exhibit represents faithfully all of its
f ast and varied resources.
PERSONAL MENTION.
Did I insist in my letter that the strikers
should interfere with their business or
their scabs? I guess not. Do the em
ployers want a chance to squeal anarchy?
The employer has all the force on Ms side
in the shape of mounted police and scab
cops, all armed to the teeth— the majesty
of the law to back them up. The employer
says he recognizes the right of laboring
men to organize. Bosh! The poor man
has no rights which the rich man thinks
he ought to respect, except the right to
work at his dictation. Interfering with
and trying to run their business. More
bosh! I cannot help but laugh when I see
some of these white-handed dudes trying
to handle the heavy end of their business.
They are like a cow handling a gun. Talk
about the responsibility of the rich and
the irresponsibility, legality and all that
not comprehend, perhaps not to
suit him. Workmen are not allowed to
understand anything but work and not
work, just as it suits the employers. Talk
about contracts! The so-called contracts
that the teamsters had to sign in order to
get a job are a disgrace to civilization.
They are all' one-sided. The employer
could lay off any man at a minute's no
tice, while the worker was bound down
like a chattel slave. I did not say' in my
letter that unions never broke their con
tracts. I said as a rule unions keep their
contracts, and as a rule it is the employ
er's fault when they do break them.
EDITOR San Francisco Call: I see
where Employer answers my let
ter to suit himself, but - he seems
more anxious to tell me that I do
THE STATE AT BUFFALO.
Dispatches from Washington say: "It is the under
standing at the Navy Department that the action taken
closes the incident." So there is to be no examination
into the facts. We are never to know which side has
told the truth, or whether Chandler is an insect or not.
Having read the story as told by Evans^ Chandler
complained to the Navy Department that such lan
guage from an officer of the navy concerning a former
Secretary of the Navy was derogatory to the service.
His complaint has been acted upon and the "rear ad
miral has been censured. The letter of censure says:
"The text of your book it not necessary here to
recite. Nor is it needful to ask of you an explanation
why you felt yourself justified in publishing what you
have. * * * You are infor/ned'that this deliberate
publication of yours has justly incurred the displeasure
of the department. For an officer thus to attack the
former head of the Navy Department because of
orders given to him by that official is to abandon the
courtesy that should always characterize an officer of
the navy."
Report was made to the Secretary of -the Navy that
I was interfering with the political conditions in the
Fifth District, and, without asking a word of explana
tion from me, I was punished by being relieved and
placed on half «pay. • • • • Finding myself on the
beach, as it were, because I would not take a hand in
politics, rather than because I had done so, and know
ing that I would not have employment again during the
time of the administration then in power, I, asked for
leave for a year, with permission to leave the United
States. In tho absence of the Secretary of the Navy the
request was granted, and I was busy making my prep
arations to enjoy it when a telegram came from the
Secretary revoking my leave and again placing me on
waiting orders. I was really of much more importance
than I had considered myself, and I must be made to
feel my punishment. However, I had felt the sting of
insects before in my life and did not consider them of
much importance. "¦»
The public, it seems, is to be left in something of
the same ignorance concerning the essential point in
the controversy between Rear Admiral Robley D.
Evans and ex-Secretary Chandler. In his recently
published book, "A Sailor's Log," Evans charged that
he had been mistreated by Chandler when that retired
statesman was Secretary of the Navy. He says he was
transferred from his position on the Advisory Board
to be Lighthouse Inspector in the Fifth District; that
while there he was asked to appoint as lightkeeper a
man who had been a delegate to a political convention
and had performed services which he and his bosses
thought should be rewarded. Evans deemed him in
competent and would not pass him.
In his book the rear admiral, after telling the
story, goes on to say:
SOME years ago there was a very popular humor
ous poem going the rounds of the press which
described in vivid language a row that took place
in a barroom because one gentleman claimed a
"whiskyskin" that had been concocted for another.
In the course of the row several men were killed and
the barroom wrecked. At the Coroner's inquest all
the facts were brought out except one — not a single
witness could remember who got the "whiskyskin." .
When once the races begin, however, we are not
likely to hear much of these doubts. The public mind
will take note of nothing but the fact that rihee more
the yachtsmen of Great Britain are trying to carry off
from this country the greatest sporting trophy of the
world, and have brought over what in their judgment
is the best boat they have, while our yachtsmen have
done their best to build a boat that will beat her. The
trial races, with all their disappointments on both
sides, are over. Now comes the contest of the cham
pions. Sometimes of course-the unexpected happens,
but this time it looks as if the' usual thing would be
repeated and another triumph scored by American
yacht-builders and sailors.
These doubts raised by the comparatively bad show
ing made by the rivals in their respective trials with
the contestants in the former race naturally put some
thing of a, damper on popular enthusiasm. The pub
lic cannot be surethat either country has put its best
boat in the race.
In one' respect the coming race, will be disappoint
ing. The trial races have by no means proven that
Shamrock II is a better boat than Shamrock I, or
that the new defender, the Constitutionals any better
than the Columbia. In fact, it has been repeatedly
said that the Constitution has disappointed her man
agers. After the trial races between the two some
yachting experts said that if it were necessary to
choose a boat to meet the new challenger on the
record made in the trials the Columbia would have
to be chosen.
The new challenger has impressed the New York
ers favorably. The dispatcher say: "One glance was
sufficient to convince the experts that Watson. has
built a much handsomer boat that the old Shamrock.
SHe looks the fastest boat ever turned out in British
waters." .
SHAMROCK II has reached New York in safety
and has been received with a genuine sportsman
like welcome. Sir Thomas Lipton has lost none
of the popularity he gained in this country when he
made his first effort to lift the "America's cup, and
therefore in the rivalry that will attend the coming
races there will be nothing but good feeling o?i both
sides. • .
"WHO GOT THE WHISKYSKIN?
NOW FOR THE YACHT RACE.
THE ZODIAC-Heavenly Bound, City.
The twelve signs of .the zodiac are in tho
following order: Aries (ram), Tarua
(bull), Gemini (twins). Cancer (crab), Leo
(lion), Virgo (virgin), Libra (balance),
Scorpio (scorpion), Sagittarius (archer),
Capricornus (goat), Aquarius (water bear
er), Pisces (fishes). The signs of the zo
diac embrace the twelve important con
stellations, which, owing to the motions
of the earth, appear to revolve through
the heavens within a belt extending- nine
degrees on each side of the sun's appar
ent annual path- and within and near
which all planets revolve. Since the sun
appears successively in each of. these
twelve constellations during the yeax, the
zodiac was divided into twelve equal
parts corresponding to the months^ These
signs and their subdivisions were used in
measuring time and as the basis of as
tronomical and astrological calculations
and predictions.
IN CASE OF TROUBLE- J. A. S. r City.
In California in case the National Guard
is called out by the State for active duty
the State stands the expense. The officers
in such a case are allowed the same pa/
that Is accorded to officers of the regular
army and the privates *2 per day. When
the regulars are called in to assist* after
the forces of the State have been called
upon, the cost of maintaining the force
so called out is borne by the United Statea
Government.
TEA— F., City. There is no mean3 of
ascertaining when tea was first used as
a beverage, but its use has been traced in.
China long before the Christian era. It
was first brought to Europe by the Dutch,
in 1810, and there is mention of its having
been used on rare occasions in England
prior to 1657 and sold as high as $50 pep
pound.
TESTIMONY— L. E.. City. In order to
obtain a copy of the testimony given la a.
certain case tried in a Superior Court of
California you will have to apply to tho
County Clerk, who will furnish a certified
copy of such testimony, provided the sama
was taken and ''written out.
BONDS— W. P.. Xew York. X. T. Tha
records of the State of California fan to
show that any time "in the early days
of California the Legislature authorized,
the issuance . of bonds to the extent of
Jl.GCO.COO which In some way had to Co
with Chinese placer miring."
Garfield never occupied the cottage, but
all the time Chester Alan Arthur was
President the cottage was again used as
a' summer residence. When McKinley was
first inaugurated there was some talk of
his moving to the Soldiers' Home, partly
because of its beauties and conveniences
and partly because he has a war record
of his own which might make the place
attractive to him for sentimental reasons.
Mrs. McKinley preferred to spend her
summers in Canton, so the President
never occupied Anderson cottage.
When Lincoln was assassinated the cot
tage was held in such reverence that it
remained empty. .When Grant became
President he occupied the cottage at in
tervals of a few days, but never perma
nently. Hayes was the 'first President
after Lincoln to make the place his per
manent summer home.
The Riggs cottage was turned over to
President Lincoln during the summer of
1861. The President was'so charmed with
the spot that he moved his family from
the White House and occupied the cottage
each summer until the end. The cot
tage was christened "The PresIdent's^Cot
tage" at first, but by Lincoln's own di
rection it was then named after General
Anderson of Fort Sumter, and is still of
ficially designated as Anderson's Cottage.
gress, but Congress was averse to accept
ing it. The War Department was content
to let General Scott keep the money, but
this the general would not do. Finally
he solved the problem^by personally pur
chasing the Riggs estate and converting
it into a National Soldiers' Home.
DENOUNCES MONEY POWER AND
SAYS UNIONISM MUST REMAIN
FOR half a century the United States
has provided its Presidents with an
imposing official residence in the
shape of the White House, and also
with a more modest official retreat, .
a rambling, antique country cottage., lo
cated in the National Soldiers' Home, two
miles north of Washington.'.
It Is the only, country home officially
provided for our Presidents, and since the
time of Lincoln it has been at the disposal
of each Chief Magistrate. Now it is to
be torn down. It is an obstacle in the
path of the improvements contemplated
at the home. . The plans for the demoli
tion of the cottage and the erection of an,
imposing marble hall upon the site await
the signature of the Secretary of War.
Pressure is being brought to bear upon
him not to sign the paper which will re
tire into oblivion one oiL the most Inter
esting sights around Washington. Before^
finally approving of the plan it is hoped
th»t President McKinley will . Interfere,
and as the home is the official country
residence of the Presidents of the United
States— the only one, too— there is a pros
pect that the President will not sanction
the proposed change. '
The cottage was originally erected in
1810 by George Washington Riggs, one of
the first citizens of Washington.
, After the Mexican War General Winfield
Scott returned with his victorious army,
and among the spoils of war brought from
the Mexican capital was the sum of $70,
000 in gold, "exacted by General Scott from
General Santa Anna as indemnity for the
firing on an American flag of truce by the
Mexicans. General Scott offered it to Con-
"Workman" Adds Another Contribution to the Controversy
With "Employer" on the Existing Labor Differences.
A CHANCE TO SMILE
Employer may as well saw -wood and
submit to the inevitable. Unionism has
come to stay. That is the only way that
Master Monopoly and Master Trust can
be attended to. When a rich employer
boasts that he can go to Paris and enjoy
himself until the poor man is starred into
submission it is time for the workman to
say. Let 'him go, and may he break his
neck before he gets there and give a bet
ter man a chance to run his plant. Em
ployer says it Is not a question of wages
nor hours. No? That's the keystone of
all the trouble, and if my brother workers
will only leave liquor alone and keep a
stiff upper lip they will win out and have
time tp improve their minds and money
to enjoy a little of the pleasures of life.
But what am I talking about? Pleasures
for a workingman? A glass of steam beer
and a 10-cent seat in the Orpheum is good
enough for him. He must not aspire to
keep himself and family in a proper way,
but be like a Japanese or Chinaman—
simply mind his work and have no fol
lowers. Take what he gets and thank
them first and God afterward for living.
But there is a good time coming:. Only
wait a little longer. Noble manhood and
gentle womanhood, honesty and virtue
are crushed by the money power. The
money power takes good care. of its horses
and dogs. Why? Because they cost
money, while men do not. Respectfully,
August 11. A WORKMAN.
of the poor. It puts me in mind of the old
Bong:
Dollars and dimes, dollars and dimes.
Poverty is the worst of crimes.
Hob and plunder night and day.
But do it in a legal way.
i MRS. BEUIOXT, M. Iff. M., Oakland,
; Cal. Mrs. Oliver Belmor.t, the divorced
,wife of W. K. Vanderbilt. Is a native cf.
| Mobile, Ala. Her father was a cotton
broker of that city and her maiden narna
was Smith. The biographies do not glva
details of her parents' nationality.
A MINOR— T. C. R.. Zenia, Trinity
County, Cal. In the matter cf takingr up
a homestead the United States Iook3 upon,
a girl of IS as a minor, who cannot locate
a homesteaJ. The law says that an un
married woman over the age oft 21 ha3 ths
right to make a homestead entry.
ELECTORAL VOTE— F. M. W., Susan
ville, Cal. The electoral vote of the United
States in 1S96 was 271 for William McKin
ley and 176 for William J. Bryan. In 1300
it was 202 for McKJnley and 155 for Bryan.
MAGNETISM— J. B., City. This depart
ment is at a loss to understand what you
desire to know by "universal magnetism."
You will have to be more explicit.
CALIFORNIA THEATER— A. O. T. G.,
City. The old California Theater was
opened January IS. 1869: the new Califor
nia on the 13th of May. 1889. i
IDA McKINLEY MORSE— A. A.. Loa
Gatoa. Cal. Mrs. Ida McKlnley Morso
visited President McKlnleV at the White
Mouse in the spring of 1S08.
WOODMEN OF AMERICA— A. S., City.
There is no camp In San Francisco of tha
Woodmen at America.
JAMES H. BUDD— A. A.. Los Gatoa,
Cal. Ex-Governor James H. Budd -was
married In 1S73.
We advise against such a disgraceful act. We have not omitted reasons for that
advice. We advise now, on the edge of the hour for action, that the Republicans of this
city go to the primary polls and repudiate the nasty leadership of Martin Kelly.
The Republican papers which oppose him desire to defeat the sale of the party
to an evil combination made up of the railroad and Martin Kelly. Let- Republicans who
are being plied with the argument that the newspapers must be punished reflect that
the method proposed will punish the party and not the papers. The Republican press
can survive and grow stronger while opposing filthy leadership of the party, but the
party cannot long- survive such leadership. The issue is joined. It .is not made by the
newspapers. , The Call* has no more interest in Republican purity and decency and suc
cess than has any single member of the party. What we have said in advocacy of a re
spectable leadership for the party is only what every whole-hearted Republican has said.
The only difference is that : a newspaper commands wider publicity than an individual.
Those who talk about getting even are not able to injure the newspapers. They are only
trying to get even with the element of decency and purity in the Republican party. The
newspapers did not create that element. It is in existence in the nature of things. It is
the Republican boast that the party has in its ranks a full share of the cleanness,
morality and intelligence of the community. What a vainglorious boast that ' will be if
such a party, with its eyes wide open and aware of what it is doing, shall deliber
ately vote its leadership to Martin Kelly.
The boss gang is trying to ma^e capital out of the opposition, to the bos,s.. of the
Republican press of the city. They are around advising men that it is a good time to
get even with the newspapers, and Martin Kelly a good man to use in the process.
We agree that it is a good time to decide, whether the party prefers a self-seeking,
offensive and repulsive boss to newspapers whose single offense is their opposition to
the disgrace of liis domination. _v
Let.it not be forgotten by Republicans who wish to. win the government of this
city in order to administer it in the interest of the people, tha^the last Republican can
didate for Mayor was beaten because he was betrayed into an interview with Martin
Kelly. He was a man of purity and uprightness of character who, would have scorned a
bargain with Kelly or any one else, and if elected he would have given the city a fault
less administration. Yet he was beaten for speaking to Martin Kelly. Remember this,
and then reflect what will be the result if the whole party deliberately- votes itself into
Martin Kelly's arms. ¦
.The forces opposed to him are not in a corner nor under a mask. They are led
by men who have civic pride and the welfare of the party at heart. They are governed
by principle, and are Republicans because they believe in the party and what it stands
for. Not a Republican in this city believes that' Martin Kelly is such a Republican, or
a Republican at all from any consideration of principle. He is' simply what all men know
him to be — a boss) who deals and dickers in politics^ Masquerading as a Republican, he
controls a small and compact body of mercenaries, and throws their vote to either party
at will, as a consideration paid for by those whom he supports!
AS Republicans go to the polls of the primary to-day let them be impressed'ithat it
is now or never in the great issue of freeing the party and the city from boss
rule. The issue would be less grave if the boss were less fetid and offensive. If
the party can swallow' Martin Kelly now it cannot ; tie expected io strain at any
thing in the future. He represents every possible revolting thing that can be in politics.
He is the gangrene of public affairs. Without presence, education, propriety of life, re
putable occupation, or anything that commends one man to another, if he be' successful
now the party will take him for better or for worse, and will not find, an opportunity in
the future for dropping him. It is now or never. ,
IN ANSWER
TO QUERIES BY
CALL READERS
NOW OR NEVER.
the san francisco; call, Tuesday, august i3, 1901
TO RAZE COUNTRY
HOME OF PRESIDENTS
WASHINGTON COTTAGE, KNOWN AS , "WHITE HOUSE NUMBER
TWO.," IS TO BE TORN DOWN, AND A MARBLE STRUCTURE IS TO
BE ERECTED IN ITS PLACE. -
6
OranS- Or*ra-house — "The Liars."
Central— "The Oreat Diamond Robbery."
Tivoll— "Otello."
California— "The Royal Box."
— Vaudeville.
Columbia — "Mr*. t>bt,,»> Defence."
Alcazar— "Silver-Mounted Harness."
Olympla. corner Mason and Eddy street*— Specialties.
Chutes, Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
nrenlns-
Fischer's— Vaudeville.
Putro Baths — Swimming.
State Fair and Exposition, Sacramento— September r to 14.
ST, MATTHEW'S MILITARY SCHOOL. %
BAN MATEO. CAL. The next term wtll beffta
August IS, 1301. Foe catalogue and illustrate^
circular address Rev. WILLIAM A- BHSWSR.
IRVING INSTITUTE.
Boarding and day school tor girls. 312S Cali-
fornia st. Accredited to the universities. Tha
next session will begin Auij. 5. For Illustrate*
catalogue address the principal.
REV. EPWARD B. CHURCH. A. M.
THE LYCEUM,
AN "ACCREDITED PREPARATORY SCHOOIi
for the university, law and medical colleges:
references. President Jordan or any Stanford
professor. Phelan Building.
THE HITCHCOCK SCHOOL,
SAN RAFAEL, CAL,
Xmas Term Will Commence August 11
Major Qea C. Collins. Commandant.
REV. C. HITCHCOCK Principal.
ST. MARY'S COLLEGE,
OAKLAND, CAL.
Studies will be resumed MONDAY, August
5. 1901, BRO, ERMINCLD. President,
SAN FRA^CI^CO BUSINESS COLLEGE,
• 1236 Market «tr«et. >
Actual business bookkeeping; only expert ao-,
eountants and reporters as teachers: Oresr~j
shorthand, tbe easiest, fastest and most readi
able. Day and evening. FULL. COURSE. $60.
HAHLIH SCHOOL and YAH HESS SEMINARY
I£ 1849 JACKSON STRFET,
Snn Franelteo, Cal,
Boarding; School for Girls, Accredited by
universities of California and Leland Stanford
Jr.. also Vassar, Smith and Wellesley colleges,
Reopena August 12, 1901,
SARAH D. HAMIJX, Principal.
LEADING BUSINESS COLLEGE OP THE WEST
24 Post st.,' San Francisco, Cal,
Established Nearly 40 years. Open Enttr* Tear,
Write for 80-page catalogue (free).
tVj • ** j aLj»D>
Call subscribers contemplating a chance ef '
residence daring the summer months can have
their paper forwarded by mall to their mew
addresses bj- notifyinff The Call Business Offloe.
This pai»er vrill also be on sale at all summer
resorts and Is represented by a local aQemt la-
tot»i ob tbe coast.
ro SUBSCRIBERS LEAYIKG TOWS FOR THE SUMMER.
AUCTION SALES.
By Win. G. Layns— Thursday, August 15, Trotting Horses,
it 721 Howard street.
A2OT7SE&ENTS.FROM SEATTLE.
TUESDAY. AUGUST 13.
Sun rises ...5:23
Sun sets 7:06
Moon rises 4:38 a. m."
Time iTlme Time ITimel
Date Ft. I Ft. Ft. I Ft
L W IHW IL W |HW
13 ... 4i3nl— 0.51 11:23] B.I 4:29 2.31 10:42 6.8
14... 5:14 —0.3 12:081 5.2 5:16 2.0 11-31 5 6
15 ... 5:50 0.0 12:46| 5.31 6:01 1.81
H W LWI IHW |L W
16 ... 0:201 5.31 fi:28l 0.41 1:19 5.4| 6:51? 1 7
17 ...I 1:061 5.0| 7:041 0.91 3:52 5.31 ' 7:40| 1.8
18 ...| 1:541 4. 5| 7:381 1.4| . 2:27 5.2| 8:29| 1.5
19 ..1 2:49| 4.3| 8:15| 1.81 3:021 5.2| 9:20| 1.4
The* Secret Service has . unearthed another
band of counterfeiters and secured a large
quantity of bogus bills,;. which are so cleverly
executed that the average person would' never
suspect them of being spurious. ; Things of
great value are always selected for imitation
notably Hostetter's Stomach Bitters, which has
many imitators but no equals for disorders
like i Indigestion, dyspepsia, constipation I ner
vousness and debility. Always go to
reliable flnigpists who have the reputation of
giving what you ask for. ¦ ¦ ¦ . ¦
Still More Counterfeiting.
TACOMA— Sailed Augr 10— Ship S D Carleton,
for Honolulu. -
. PORT _ BLAKELEY— Arrived Aug tt-Schr
Mawema, from San * Dleeo. '
DOMESTIC PORTS.
POINT LOBO8, Auff 12, 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind RW, velocity, 8 miles per hour.
TELEGRAPHIC.
Augr 2. lat 47 N, Ion 8 W— Ger ship Tarpen
bek, from Hamburg-, for Oregon.
June 21. lat 6 N, Ion 28 W — Br ship Glen
calrd, from Shields, for San Francisco.
SPOKEN,
SAILED. v~>y
. Monday, Ausrust 12.
Btmr Eureka, Jessen, Eureka. ,
Stmr Point Arena, Haneen, Mendoclno.'
Monday, Aujrust 12
Nor strar.Titania, Egenes, Nanaimo; J Ro
senfel«i't> Sons Co. #
CLEARED.
, , , , Monday, Aunist 12.
Br ship Foyledale, Kerry, 89 days from Mol
lendo.
Ektn Planter, Chase, 28 days from Honolulu.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Time Sail.
Branch Hydrographlc Office, TJ. 8. N.. Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco Cal '
August 12. 1901.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
I. e., at noon of the 120th meridian, or at 8
o'clock p. m.. Greenwich time.
C. G. CALKINS,
Lieutenant Commander, U. S. N., in charge.
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morniner tides are Riven in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time of
day: the third time column Rives the last tide
of the day; except when there are but three
tides, as sometimes occurs. The heiehts given
are in addition to the soundings on the United
States Coast Survey charts, except when a
minus <— ).slgn precedes the height, and then
the number given Is subtracted from the depth
plven by the charts. The plane of reference is
the mean of the lower Ipw waters.
Veixs cures piles or $50 reward. All up
to-date druggists sell and guarantee it •
Merchandise for Mexico.
The steamer Curacao sailed Sunday for Mex-'
lean ports with a general cargo valued at
The County of Inverness has been chartered
prior to arrival to load wheat for Europe at
40s; the Foyledale. B2me at 39s 3d; the John
G. North and the Spokane,' lumber at Gamble
for Honolulu; the Tillie E. Starbuck,-merchan
dise for Honolulu. ' ...
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
At the meeting- of the Board of Educa
tion to-morrow the Initiatory steps for the
enforcement of the rule prohibiting the
attendance at the schools of teachers and
pupils who are suffering from tuberculo
sis win be taken. The directors have been
?n consultation with Health Officer
O'Brien with a view to arranging some
plan of action. It Is likely that all teach
ers as well as prplls will be. required to
furnish certificates Figned by reputable
physicians showing that they are free
from taint. All persons who fail to sup
ply such a certificate will be prohibited
from attendance at the schools.
Must Furnish Certificates.
The only route having through sleeping
<-cr service between San Francisco and St.
l.ouie daily. Stop-overs allowed at Salt
lake City. For full information ask L.
M. Fletcher. 126 California street. •
"The Missouri Pacific Limited."
There was no eign of the Sonoma from
Australia or City of Peking from the
Orient up to « o'clock, last evening. 'The
chances are that both vessels will fret in
early this morning.
The barkentine Planter and the British
ship Foyledale were the only arrivals yes
terday. The latter was spoken 1 by the
Zealandia and Saturday night was
thought to be off the Heads. It was a
mistake, however, as she did not make
the lightship until yesterday morning.
The Planter came from the Islands In
thirty days and the Foyledale from Mol
lendo in eichty-seven days. <'.'.- : v,
Captain Panzer has taken command of
the schooner Monterey.
The Rio Wrecking Company will retire
from business for a few months. Yester
day all its plant was removed from -the
gasoline schooner Bessie K and that ves
sel will be turned over to her owners.
Later on, when the concern secures its
deep-sea diving plawf, operations may be
resumed. ' •
Water Front Notes.
Reinsurance on the American ship
Roanoke, now out 81 days from Norfolk,
Va., for San Francisco, has fallen to 15
per cent. Nearly a month ago a vessel
that resembled her was sighted on fire,
and the underwriters at once offered 45
per cent to reinsure vessel and cargo.
Since then it has been almost definitely
settled that the burning ship was not the
Roanoke, so the rate has dropped accord-
On "the County of Haddlngton. now out
192 days from New York for Shanghai, 80
ner cent is offered, while 20 per cent has
been paid on the Renfield, now out 84 days
from Newcastle, Australia, for Valpa
raiso.
The Overdue Fleet.
Mrs. Holdcn's class is now being or
ganized, and she will begin teaching as
foon as the requisite number of twelve
pupils has been pecured. About ten pupils
are already enrolled.
Mrs. Holden Is a graduate of the Pho
nolnerical Institute for the Deaf and Dumb
nf Wisconsin, and she. is an expert in her
line. As an educator of the deaf and
dumb her work has attracted considerable
attention at the East. She won fame by
a house-to-hou"5e canvass in the interest
of her bill appropriating J1IW annually for
the education of each deaf and dumb per
son JnAVisconsin. The bill became a law
a few 'years £go and has accomplished
great good. Mrs. Holden taught in Wis
consin for eight years. Her application
for a certificate was the only one filed
with the Board of Examiners.
The Board of Education will Issue a cer
tificate to-morrow to Mrs. Jennie Bright
Holden to teach the ppecial deaf and
dumb class now in process of formation.
The final arrangements for the opening
nf the class will be made at to-morrow's
meeting.
Educator by the School
Board.
Certificate to Be Issued to Wisconsin
MRS. HOLDEN TO TEACH
DEAF AND DUMB CLASS
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey—
Times and Heights of High and Ix>w
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
The army transport Logan was taken to
the navy yard for an overhauling yester
day. She arrived here from Manila a few
davs after the machinists went out on
strike, and, although several attempts
were made to overhaul her, they failed.
Finally the necessary material was pro
cured "from the East and the Government
ordered the vessel sent to Mare Island for
repairs. Yesterday she was taken in tow
by the tuers Slocum ind Defiance and
towed to the navy yard. There was no
trouble in getting the big transport over
the shallow spots, and men who know
the channel say she could have gone up
loaded just as easily.
Logan Goes to Mare Island.
R»solve<5. That this board extend Its sym
pathy to the wife in her bereavement and that
en engrossed copy of the^e resolutions be -rent
her as well as entered In th«» Journal. "
JAMES P. BOOTH.
CKARLfCS BOXTOX
HORACE WILSON.
, Committee.
Resolved, by this Board of Supervisors. That
ir. hi6 death the community suffers the loss
rf a rood citizen, who did his duty without
flinrhing: be It further
Noble has bo»n the career of our lat» friend
8n<5 fp'lnw citizen. Modest, brave, conscien
tious and lnduFtrious he started humbly in
life's work. From a faithful country boy he
hart pone through the successive periods of a
proypTCjs merchant, a popular Supervisor, a
forceful Mayor and an able lawyer. TVell di
rected energy was his force among- men and
"after life'e fitful fever he sleeps well"; there
fore be it
TThc-res?. God <n h!n Infinite wisdom has seen
fit to call L. n. Ellert to celestial work, and
Sf the roet Bailey says:
Death !i= mother life. XT* bow our heads
At poir.F out. w«? think, and »>nt»r straight
Another pold^n chamber of the kind's.
I^ars-er than th:«= we leave and lovelier.
And then in *ha<iovry glimpses disconnect.
The Ftory. flower Uk». olo5es thus its leaves
The ¦Bill of Ood is all in all. He makes,
Destroys, rem.ikes. for his own pleasure all.
The Board of Supervisors yesterday
a<Sopt?d the following- resolutions in mem
ory of the" late L. R. Ellert, ex-Mayor of
this city:
tions Eulogirtic of City's
Former Mayor.
Beard cf Supervisors AdoDts Resolu-
HCNOB, 2TEKOHY OF THE
LATE LEV." R. ELLEET
WOMAN WINS BLIND
HUSBAND BY KINDNESS
Romantic Courtship and Marriage of
John H. Shinnick and Miss
Ellen Hayes.
John H. Shinnick, a blind man, living at
79 Natoma street, was married to Miss El
len Hayes of the same address by Justice
of the Peace Dunn yesterday afternoon.
Shinnick is 40 years of age, while • the
bride is 39. .
The groom has been blind for many
'years, and some time ago Miss Hayes,
sympathizing with him in his affliction,
began to pay him those attentions which
only the kind heart knows how to be
stow. - Their acquaintance insensibly
ripened into a tenderer feeling, which
found its sequel at the marriage altar.
When Justice Dunn had performed the
marriage ceremony Shinnlck" offered to
pay the customary fee, which the Justice
refused to accept. -
"I see," said Shinnick, "that you are a
kind-hearted man. Nevertheless you must
accept the fee."
The Justice relented, and this formality
concluded the happy pair departed for
their Natoma-street home, where the
honeymoon will be spent.
Federal Court Notes.
In the case of W. A. Tough et al. vs.
the American steam schooner National
City et al., United States District Judge
de "Haven yesterday gave judgment for
the libelant for $1338 35, with 6 per centum
Interest and costs. In the case of Solo
mon Jahe against the same defendants
judgment was given in favor of Jahe for
$544 65. with interest and costs.
Captain J. M. Neall pleaded not guilty
to the charge of embezzlement.
United States Circuit Judge Morrow
dismissed the suit of Shatter and others
against the city of San Francisco to re
cover the value of certain Dupont street
widening bonds by sustaining the de
murrer of the city. The Supreme Court
of the United States had already settled
all the issues in favor of the city.
If we were savages and a civilized na
tion tried to conquer ¦ vis and make us
wear clothes -we would fight for our lib
erty.
City Offices to Remain Open.
"Notwithstanding that to-day has been
declared a municipal holiday by. the
Board of Supervisors in order that all city
employes might have an opportunity of
voting at the primaries, all the offices at
the City Hall will not be closed. An
nouncement was made yesterday that the
offices of the Auditor. Sheriff, Tax Col
lector and County Clerk, being strictly
county offices, would remain open as
usual for the transaction of business.
UMPQUA— Sailed Aug 9— Schr Lucy, for San
Pedro.
ASTORIA— Arrived Ausr 11— Stmr Columbia,
hence Auff P.
SAN PEDRO— Sailed Auet 12— Stmr Sequoia,
for Fort Bragg.
Arrived Auk 12— Stmr "W H Kruster. from
Tlllnmook; stmr Santa Barbara, from Eureka.
GRAYS HARBOR-Salled Aug 11— Schr
Laura Madsen. for San Pedro: schr Esther
Buhne, for San Francisco.
ISLAND PORTS.
Arrived Ausr 10— Scfcr Chas Falk, from San
Pertro: >schr Lena Sweasey, from San Bias,
an>! will load at Astoria.
FORT BRAGG— Sailed Auk 12— Schr Ad
miral, for Guayaauil.
PORT TOWNSEND— Passed Auk 12— Stmr
Umatilla. hence Aur 8. for Victoria.
Arrived Aujr 12— Pchr Fred E Sander, from
Cape Nome: schr ;" Endeavor, from Honolulu;
schr Jamps Rolnh'. from Suva (Fiji).
J'iSFRod in A"S 12— Stmr Humboldt. from
Ekajmay: ship Henry Falling, hence July 26,
for Tacoma.
PORT HADLOCK— Arrived Auff 12-Sehr En
deavor, from Honolulu.
• VENTURA— Arrived Autr 12— Stmr Geo Loo
mis, hence Aue 11, and sailed for San Frari
ciaco.
PORT LOP ANGELES— Arrived Aug 12— Stmr
Mln»nla. from Nanaimo.
EUREKA- Sailed Aue 12— Stmr Pomona, for
San Francisco.
ASTORIA— Sailed Au* 12— Br stmr Adato, for
China.
FOREIGN PORTS.
Arrived July 26— Schr "W J Patterson, from
Graj-3 Harbor.
Sailed July 28— Schr Henry Wilson, for Pu*et
Pound. July 27— U S itmr Buford. for Manila.
July 29— Bark Corynheri''." for Pu^et Sound.
KIHEI— Arrived July 2&— Bktn Gleaner, from
Newcastle. Auk.
ELEELE— Sailed July 29— Sch? Americana,
for .
HILO— Sailed July 20— Stmr Hawallnn. far
Delaware Breakwater. July 28— Bark Martha
Davis, for San Francisco.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
BUEZ— Arrived Aus 12— Br stmr Pingr Suey,
from Seattle.
BEACHY HEAD— Passed Ausr 11— Br ship
HpIzh. from Oregon.
BRISTOL— In roads Auff 10— Br ship Dlms
dale. from.Oreson.
FALMOUTH— Arrived Aug 10— Ger ship
Nlobfi. from Oreron. I' -
Sailed A-aw 10— Br shlD t>itton, for Birken
heari: Ger ship Ferdinand Fischer, for Llm
erlr!:.
NAGASAKI— Arrived Au»? 10— Br stmr Chlnff
Wo, from Taeoma. ¦ .
Sailed Aub 7— Ger ship Renee Rickmers, for
Oregon.
In Dort July 20— Fr bark St Donation, for
Astoria.
PISAGTTA— Palled June 30— Br bark Califor
nia, for San Francisco.
CALDKRA— Sailed June 24— Br bark Isabel
Brown, for Pan Francisco.
CALLAO— Sailed Auz 4— Br ship Nelson, for
San Franoi«5'«o.
YOKOHAMA— Sailed Aug 10— Jap stmr Hong
kong Maru, for- San Francisco.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived prior to Aujr 10— Stmr
Nippon Maru. from San Francisco, Via Hono
lulu, for Hon?Kone.>
LIVERPOOL— Arrived Aue 12— Stmr Lake
Ont»r'o. from Montreal.
SUEZ— Arrived Aug 12— Stmr Pinar Suey,
from FfntHp, via Manila, for London.
GLASGOW— Arrived Aug 12— Rtmr Sardinian,
HAMBURG— Sailed Aug 10— Stmr Patricia,
for New Tork.
ST JOHNS. N F— Arrived Aug 11— Stmr Co
rean, from Glasgow and Liverpool, for Hall
fax ar,d Philadelphia.
NEW YORK— Sailed Autr 12— Stmr Zeeland,
for Antwerp: stmr Cevlc, for Liverpool.
SHANGHAI— A r-rlved Aug 12— Stmr Suther
land, from Port Blakeley.
SULLIVAN" ON TRIAL
ON FORGERY CHARGE
After a Jury Is Impaneled in Judge
Lawlor's Court Case Is Con
tinued.
The trial of Daniel J. Sullivan on the
charge of forgery for forging the signa
ture of Judge Cabanlss t5 an order on the
City Treasurer for the return of $1640 bail
money put up, by Wong You for there
lease of Chinese arrested for fantan play
ing was commenced before Judge Lawlor
yesterday. District Attorney Bylngton
conducted the prosecution, and the de
fendant was represented by Attorney T.
J. Lennon. .
The examination of the talesmen did not
take long and a jury was soon Impaneled,
consisting of Paul Franke, Edward F.
Eastman. Ernest A. F. Essmann, Samuel
E. Dutton, Frank Litsch. Charles W. Doe
George H. Wellbrock, ; Simon Conn. John
P. Dignan. Hermann Kahn, Charles
Bloomer and Henry Sinsheimer. The Dis
trict Attorney then asked for a continu
ance till, to-morrow morning, which was
granted. ,
Accused of Embezzlement.
W. M. Delavan, a^i mining prospector
from Arizona now residing at 403 Broad
way, secured a warrant from Judge Ca
b8nlss yesterday afternoon for the arrest
of E. Cahill. a stockbroker, on the charge
of felony -embezzlement. Delavan alleged
that within the past year he had sent
nearly $800 to Cahill to invest .in/mlninp
stock for him and was led to understand
that G00 shares had been purchased 400 of
which were fully paid up. "When he came
here and made a demand upon Cahill for
the stock he could neither get it nor the
return of his money. Cahill was arrested
and released on bonds. - He denies i the
charge and says that he has always been
prepared to make an accounting with Del
avan, and it is purely a case for the civil
courts.
Divorce Suits Filed.
Suits for divorce on the ground of de
sertion have been filed by EsteJla Rltschy
against Valentine Ritschy, John A. Egan
against Ida Rose Egan. Sarah, A: Billings
against "William H. Billings and Margue
rite Zeimer against Gilbert Zeimer. .
Steamer Movements.
TO ARRIVE.
There will be three vessels on the Hilo
route soon fitted with cold storage plants.
The Roderick Dhu has proved such a suc
cess that Caotaln Matson has determined
to install one in the Falls of Clyde. As
soon as that vessel arrives the plant will
be nut aboard and a supply of fruit, veg
etables, fresh meat, fish and game will go
down on her. As soon as the steamer En
terprise comes back from Hilo a refrig
erating plant will be nut Into her and she
will carry a supply of frozen meat to the
islands every trip and bring back nerish
able poods. The Enterprise will get away
about Thursday and will arrive back from
Hilo the first week in September. She
will then be fitted with the cold storage
and an electric light plant.
Cold Storage Plants.
Falls of Clyde and Enterprise to Have
BETTER. SEBVTCE FOR H1XO
The John A. Briggs loaded coal at Ta
coma for Bar. Francisco, but when she
came to get a crew Captain Balch found
he was in trouble. The sailors demanded
$60 for the run down the coast and their
passage money back to the Sound. This
demand was refused and the ship was
moved over to Port Townsend. There the
sailors said they would take her down for
$50 and their fare back and later cut that
offer down $10. The owners in San Fran
cisco refused all offers and made arrange
ments to tow the vessel to San Francisco
and send the C. F. Sargent back with the
tug. It was at this point that the Port
Townsend people got in and manned the
ship.
The John A. Briggs is now out six days
from the Sound, and her "A. B.'s" and
"ordinary" seamen are A. M. Sewall, cap
tain and cart owner of the ship Benjamin
Sewall: William Gove, late master of the
Tyee; E. E. Hiokman, ex-ship master and
fo"rmer Chief of Police of Port Townsend;
A C Twe<»die, manager of the J. T. Steeb
Shipping Comoany; Frank S. Sheehan of
the Shr-ehan Hardware Company, and B.
C. Pilcher, W. W. Barrett and Chris
Stickr.oth. Before the vessel got away
the union men threatened to cut the tow
line, but thej' did not, and the Briggs got
to sea.
The John A. Briggs is owned by George
E Plummer & Co. of San Francisco. She
is 1933.S7 tons net burden. 234 feet 2 inches
lone 44 feet 10 Inches beam and 20 feet 5
inches deep. She was built in Freeport,
Me., about twenty years ago.
er. The officers are the same as
commanded the ship when she left her<\
but the hands before the mast are ship
captains, ship owners and young business
men of Port Townsend. These latter came
upon the^scene as a result of the Sailors*
Union making demands that the owners
of the Brisgs would not accede to. The
vessel was tied up in consequence, and
sooner than see the place get a bad name
the business . men got together and
manned the vessel themselves.
THE American ship John A. Brlggs
Is on her way to San Francisco
with one of the most remarkable
crews that ever manned a coast-
$47,372. Including: the following merchandise: V
pkjrs acids, 62 cs axle grease, 10 pkgs beer, 52
cs baking powder, 750 lbs butter, 69 cs crack
ers. 129,000 Itis corn, 3396 lbs cheese, 65 cs canned
sroods, 93 coils cordage. 2 tons coal, 5 cs cham
pagne, 10,547 lbs dried fruit. 16 cs drugs, 52
pkgs dry goods, S743 rbs beans, 12 cs electrical
supplies, 23 cs fuse, 224 pkgs fruits and veg
etables, 7 bbla flour, 43 pkgs furniture, 120?
pkgs groceries and provisions, 356 cs hardware,
903 Tbs hams and bacon, 89 Tbe hops, 144 C3
liquors, 7S0 lbs lard, 91S6 ft lumber, 200 lbs
meals, 106 pkgs machinery, 195 cs paints and
oils, 150 flasks quicksilver, 36 bxs raisins, 8580
lbs rice, 500 lbs starch, 50 pkgs ship chandlery,
1612 lbs eago, 7650 lbs soda. 2708 fbs seed, 10
bbls tar. 8 bales twine, 27.352 lbs tallow, 1134
lbs 15 pkgs tea, 2 cs 3430 gals wine, 89 cs
whisky, 107 pkgs wagon material.
The JudKe continued the case till to
morrow to hear arguments on the ques
tion of jurisdiction. The defense also de
sires to make a test of the point whether
a bullet from a parlor rifle could carry
such a distance as from where the boys
were shooting to where Wissig was when
the bullet struck him..
Major Hull, judge advocate of the Pre
sidio, appeared for the defendant; and
raised tho question of jurisdiction of the
court tc hear the case. He contended that
as the defendant was on the Government
reservation when firing with his brother
at a target the Federal authorities alone
have jurisdiction in accordance with Sen
ate bill 538 passed four or five years ago.
The case of the boy Eric Kobbe, son
of General Kobbe. charged with assault
to murder for shooting the boy Paul Wis
slg of 1224 Union street while the .latter
was in a boat off Fort Mason July 19, was
called in Judge Mogan's court yesterday.
The wounded boy had sufficiently recov
ered to be able to swear to the complaint.
thorities Only Can
Try It.
It Is Contended That the Federal Au-
AMERICAN SHIP JOHN A. BRIGGS LEAVING PUGET SOUND FOR SAN FRANCISCO LAST WEEK. OWING TO
TROUBLE WITH THE UNION CAPTAIN BALCH'S FRIENDS RALLIED TO HIS ASSISTANCE AND SHIPPED
AS SAILORS TO GET THE VESSEL AWAT. '
JUBISDICTION QUESTIONED
IN ERIC KOBBE CASE
Hancock stubbornly resisted Mrs. Han
cock's demand for $300 a month alimony.
He sought to prove that his income waa
$550 a month, and taxes, insurance and
improvements left but . a small margin.
Judge Seawell, however, concluded that
Mrs. Hancock was entitled to support in
keeping with her station in life, and is
sued the decree as stated. ~~
Hancock's merry times with Mrs. Lei
Wescott, whom he met as a member of a
church choir, furnished Mrs. Hancock
with grounds for divorce. The taking of
testimony proceeded behind closed doors,
though the whole story" had long been
public property. »A number of passionate
letters addressed by Hancock to " Mrs.
Wescott were introduced, and these, sup
ported by much oral testimony, all cor
roborative, was accepted by the court as
sufficient grounds upon which to issue a
decree.
Mrs.' EllS 1 ' ."Wood Hancock has been
granted a , divorce from Robert J. Han
cock, the well-known clubman. "With the
decree of divorce an alimony judgment of
substantial proportions Is given by the
court. Judge Seawell, who issued the de
cree, ordered that Hancock pay his
former wife $300 a month for her main
tenance and support, reimburse her law
yers for their labors in proving a case
against him with $1500 and pass over to
her the homestead at 928 Broderick street,
which is worth $20,000.
The committee having the arrangements
<n charge was: E. T. Parsons. Arthur I
Street. Bernard Miller and Clay Gooding
The party took in 15.000 "pounds of
fre'jrht with a train of eighteen animals.
They climbed Mount Dana. Mount Lyell
srrl other peaks. The most important re
fiilt for the future was the establishment
"f a permanent camp on Tuolumne mead
cws.
Mrs. WH'.lam Keith. Mrs. Dr. Merriara Mrs.
T:. S. White. Mrs. Conrad E. Well, the Misses
Muir. Mrs. Rissman. Mrs. Grant Tavlor Miss
Alice E. Pratt, Mrs. K!la M. Sexton, the
Misses Ray and Eva Wolfsohn. Miss Carrie
Rea. Miss Hankinson. Mrs. .\ D. Burks, Miss
Edith Ferruson. Mrs. George Schrammel. Miss,
Bertha Knnx, Mrs. James A. Waymlre, the
Misses Vifia and Lena Redinston, Miss Cora
Rowell. the Missrs Susannah and Harriet
Ccrey, Miss E!izal>eth Langley. Miss Annette
Butler of Chicago I'niversity. Miss Edith Al
len. Mrs. Margaret Webb. Miss Bertha Chap
wan. Mrs. Frank Soule. Miss E. C. Goodhue,
Miss Jospphlne Colby. Mlrs Grace Isaacs, Miss
Emma Palmer. Mrs. Ford A. Carpenter. Miss
Katherine Hittell. Mrs. Earl C. Bronaugh of
Portland. Mrs. Charles Elstnn. Miss Genevieve
Knoll. M!ss Pollie Chapman, and Messrs.
Broerr.mel. Max T. Bender, Dr. Conrad "Wei!
Wiiiism Staoelfeldt, Wlnthron L. Keep Grant
Taylor. Herbert M. Evans. William Balnaves.
A. H. Sanbom and two sons. E. H. Norman,
Oenrs-e Schrammel. Alex G. Eells. Thomas F.
Kennedy. Geonre Cose"rave. George P. TaPant.
Charles D. Sny<W. Ford A. Carpenter. Wil
liem Denman. Wales S. Palmer. George C.
Ross and son, Mr. Henkfnc of Pan Pieg-o. Earl
c. Bronaugh. Sidney Elston Charles Elston,
John Chetivood. Frank Ellis and Alvin PowelL
Miss Mary Penman. Mies Martin. Miss Atter
bury, Mrs. Purbrow, M!j=s= Llllis. Hiss Enox,
Miss Rothermel and Miss Redinirton.
They thought nothing of walking twen
ty-four relies on the last day of the
tramp on the way back into the Yosemite.
and they scaled high mountains with ease.
Others who were on the grand tour of
the mountains were:
This year the Sierra Club had Its first
preneral outing. The party of 300 journeyed
from the Tosemite Valley to the high
Sierras under the general guidance of Sec
retary W. S. Colby, who proved to be
very efficient and lust the right man in
the right place. Going out of the To
semite the ladles of the party used horses
owing to the very steep and rough trails,
but after that they tramped most of the
Time, and they proved excellent moun
taineers. The following named ladies
especially distinguished themselves as
mountain climbers:
Dr. John Mulr. Dr. H. E. Merrtam, Histor
ian Theodore Hlttell, Professors Dudley, Fair
clcugh end Hen&stler of Stanford University.
Professors Soule and nichardson of the Uni
versity of Californlai Professor Joslah K«^p
of Mills Collere, Principal A. C. Olney of the
Fresno Hlirh efliool. William Keith the artist.
Professor J. D. Burks of the Ptate Xormal
School of San Dl»go. .Dr. B. P. Wall ct Berke
ley. Dr. John C Spencer of San Francl^cn. Rev.
Kdward L. Parson* of San Mateo; Miss M.
Martin. «n Instructor in the State University
«f Nevada: Professor MMner Itoberts of Stan
ford University and Rev. Frank S. Brush of
Alamefla.
Probably the most unique mountaineer
ing tour on record In this State has just
coire to an end, and 100 ladles and gen
tlemen, among them professors in two
universities, educators, physicians and
others, have the liveliest memories of ad
ventures in the high Sierras to prompt
them to future deeds of daring. Under the
solemn old pine trees, when the days of
tramping: and camptne \rere drawing to
dusk, nightly around campfires scientific
talks were given, interspersed with songs
and the gayety that belongs to robust,
out-of-door living. There were botanizing
trips and the hunting: of hedgehogs and
other queer animals, with cameras to get
up-to-date photographs of the denizens of
the wilderness.* -
Among the professional people of the
party were the following named:
Party of One Hundred Makes
Tour to Mounts Dana
and Lyell.
Court Awards Plaintiff the
Fine Broderick-Street
Homestead.
Snowy Summits Furnish
Goals They Eagerly
Seek.
Judgment.
A Prominent Clubman
Must Pay Big Alimony
HANCOCK'S WIFE
WINS HER CASE
LADIES ASCEND
LOFTY SIERRAS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, AUGUST 13, 1901.
Retired-Master Mariners and Vessel Owners Signed Articles to Help
Gaptain Balch Get the Craft to San Francisco.
SHIP JOHN A. BRIGGS IS COMING
HERE WITH A MOST UNIQUE CREW
TO SAIL.
7
Steamer. ¦ Destination. ISalls.l Pier.
Destination.
I Sails.
Pier.
-( , 1 1 _
! Antrim t J.1.
CityPuebla..| uset Sound Ports. 11 amlPler 9
Anubls j V?. America. Europe IPler —
*> Ausnst 14.
Arcata Coos Bay ..12 m Pier 13
Au front If5.
Walla Walla. Puget Sound Ports 11 am Pier 9
Czarina Seattle & Tacoma Pier 8
San Pedro ; HumboJdt 10 am Pier 2
Pomona ; Humboldt :. 1:30 p Pier 9
I Anpraat 10.
Peru "alnaraiso & Way. 12 m Pier 10
An crust 17.
Kureka "Tumboldt 12 m Pier 13
City Peking.. China & Japan 1 pm PMSS
AilR-tlKt 18.
SantaRosa.. San Diego 9 am Pier 11
AuKiint 10.
Acapulco Panama & Way Pts 12 mlPMSS
Umatllla Pupet Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
Angrust 20.
Bonita San Pedro & Way.. 9 am Pier 11
Argyll N. Y. via Panama. 2 pm Pier 10
Steamer. j " Destination. u I Sails.
|
Dlrlgo Skaguay & Way Ports. lAug. 13
Cottage City... Skaftuay & Way Ports. I Auk. 33
Victorian Skasruay & Way Ports. I Aug. 13
Humboldt Skag»ay & Way Ports. lAug. 14
Al-Kl Fka^uay & Way Ports. I Aug. 14
Dolphin Skaguay & Way Ports. (Aug. 16
City of Topeka Skaeuay & Way Ports. I Aug. 18
Chas. Nelson.. Skaguay fie Way Porte. I Auk. IS
City of Seattle. Skaguay & Way Ports.iAuK. 13
Queen Skaguay & Way Ports. Aug. 23
Spokane Rkaguay & Way Ports. Aug. 23
Oregon Nome and Teller Aug. 24
Steamer. ' From. I Due.
From.
Due.
J
City of Pekfnr . "hina and Japan .. Aug. 13
Fonoma Sydney & Way Ports.. Aug. 13
Pomona -fumboldt Aug. 13
Eureka Humboldt Aug. 15
Santa Rosa Diego & Way Pts. Aug. 15
Guatemala Valparaiso & Way. Pts Aug. 18
Point Arena Point Arena Aug. 16
Slatteawan Tacoma Aug. 17
San Juan Panama &JlVay Ports. Aug. 18
Neko Tacoma Aug. 18
Pomona Humboldt Aug. 18
Umatilla !>uget Pound Ports Aug. 19
Gaelic China and Japan Aug. 20
Leelanaw N. T. via Panama Aug. 21
Eureka Humboldt Aug. 20
Santa Rosa.... San Diego & Way Pts. Aug. 22
City of Puebla. Puget Sound Ports Aug. 24
Steamer. ¦ Destination. ISalls.l Pier.
Destination.
I Sails.
Pier.
-( , 1 1 _
! Antrim t J.1.
CityPuebla..| uset Sound Ports. 11 amlPler 9
Anubls j V?. America. Europe IPler —
*> Ausnst 14.
Arcata Coos Bay ..12 m Pier 13
Au front If5.
Walla Walla. Puget Sound Ports 11 am Pier 9
Czarina Seattle & Tacoma Pier 8
San Pedro ; HumboJdt 10 am Pier 2
Pomona ; Humboldt :. 1:30 p Pier 9
I Anpraat 10.
Peru "alnaraiso & Way. 12 m Pier 10
An crust 17.
Kureka "Tumboldt 12 m Pier 13
City Peking.. China & Japan 1 pm PMSS
AilR-tlKt 18.
SantaRosa.. San Diego 9 am Pier 11
AuKiint 10.
Acapulco Panama & Way Pts 12 mlPMSS
Umatllla Pupet Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
Angrust 20.
Bonita San Pedro & Way.. 9 am Pier 11
Argyll N. Y. via Panama. 2 pm Pier 10
Steamer. j " Destination. u I Sails.
|
Dlrlgo Skaguay & Way Ports. lAug. 13
Cottage City... Skaftuay & Way Ports. I Auk. 33
Victorian Skasruay & Way Ports. I Aug. 13
Humboldt Skag»ay & Way Ports. lAug. 14
Al-Kl Fka^uay & Way Ports. I Aug. 14
Dolphin Skaguay & Way Ports. (Aug. 16
City of Topeka Skaeuay & Way Ports. I Aug. 18
Chas. Nelson.. Skaguay fie Way Porte. I Auk. IS
City of Seattle. Skaguay & Way Ports.iAuK. 13
Queen Skaguay & Way Ports. Aug. 23
Spokane Rkaguay & Way Ports. Aug. 23
Oregon Nome and Teller Aug. 24
Steamer. ' From. I Due.
From.
Due.
J
City of Pekfnr . "hina and Japan .. Aug. 13
Fonoma Sydney & Way Ports.. Aug. 13
Pomona -fumboldt Aug. 13
Eureka Humboldt Aug. 15
Santa Rosa Diego & Way Pts. Aug. 15
Guatemala Valparaiso & Way. Pts Aug. 18
Point Arena Point Arena Aug. 16
Slatteawan Tacoma Aug. 17
San Juan Panama &JlVay Ports. Aug. 18
Neko Tacoma Aug. 18
Pomona Humboldt Aug. 18
Umatilla !>uget Pound Ports Aug. 19
Gaelic China and Japan Aug. 20
Leelanaw N. T. via Panama Aug. 21
Eureka Humboldt Aug. 20
Santa Rosa.... San Diego & Way Pts. Aug. 22
City of Puebla. Puget Sound Ports Aug. 24
YOUR BEST GIRL
Can tell you when your laundry is right.
She will notice If It Is not done up well
quicker than you are likely to. If you
want to make your best appearance al-
ways before your best girl you should
have your work done at the United States
Laundry, because here everything is done
carefully, and your shirts, collars and
cuffs are always right. Send your ad-
dress on a postal; the wagon will call.
No saw edges^
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
Oakland Office— 54 San Pablo Ave.
Office 1004 Market Streat
Telephone— South 42O,
H. R. BRADFORD, General Manager,
7 North Market st., San Jose.
Prospectus and exhibits at branch office, 413
Kearny St., San Francisco.
' F. DE FREITAS. Agent.
To raise money to build a large furnace on
this mine we will sell treasury stock for 50c
per share until further notice. Silver Creek
Quicksilver Mining Co. stock is all sold and
issued, and we are now producing quicksilver.
Investigate this offer.
BRADFORD
QUICKSILVER MINE
SAN BENITO CO.
'ADVEBTISEMJENTS.
f\ | fp n nif I I Corner Fourth and
I ALL UNVnl "a* 1 "*. s - *«• Try
I ilrr KIlllll oUr Special Brew.
unit ilUInL steain and **«*?•
Will k» liUllim, Overcoats and
'., "„ valises checked frea.
"It blesseth him that gives and
him that receives"— Fels-Naptha
soap. and your money back if you
Fels & Co.", makers, Philadelphia.
[\ 1)
MARKET ST. S F
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price Lists Mails}
on Application. , r^:f
BILLIARDS, POOL AND BAR FIXTURES^
Et. Germain Billiard Co.. late Jacob Strahlo
& Co. (est'd. 1S52V 409 Market St.: upon In-
stallment or rented; also beer apparatus.
COAL. COKE ANJ Pld IRON.
J> C- WILSON tt CO- » Telephone'MalnHsV.
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
IAC RftYPC & m Shipping Butchers. 1M
JA5- UW 1 E 3 G h*\3- Clay. Tel. Main 1234
OILS.
LUBRICATING OILS. LEONARD & ELLIS.
418 Front *t.. S. F. Phone Main 1719.
LUBRICATING OILS. ENSIGN & McGUF-
- FICK, 23 Spear St., S. F. Tel. Main 5320.
Pioneer Dry Goods Store.
Sells Ladies' - and Children's Hose 5c ' a pair;
Ladies' Linen Skirts,' 35c; Men's Fine Dress
Shirts, worth .%!, for 40c. at 105 Fifth street.
" PRINTING.
F f HFTfiHFS PRINTER,
£? l/y HUUIIC3. ni Sansome St.. 8. B«.
PRINTERS, BOOKBINDERS.
THE HICKS-JUDD CO.,
S3 First Street. San Francisco.
BR. HALL'S REINYIGOR ATORS^^
Five hundred reward for any ftfl|^|^3
case we cannot cure. This secret W 1 "" "•'¦
remedy stops losses in 24 hours, ¦_,_ H
cures Emissions,. Impotency, Varl- a W?s%
cocele, Strictures. Gleet, Drains, J7JW P7Jfn
Lost Manhood and all other wast- Ugm ttfin
Ins effects of self-abuse or excess- BHH BBKI
es. Sent sealed. $2 bottle; 3 bottles, WilllH"! Hi Ml I
$5; guaranteed -to cure any case." Address
HALL'S MEDICAL INSTITUTE, : 855 Broad-
way, Oakland, Cal. Also for sale at 1073 H
Market st., S. F. All private diseases quickly
cured. .Send for free book.' ¦-', '
PALACE
. . TVV These hotels possess
AJND , the attributes that tour-
ists and travelers ap-
GR AND predate— central loca-
UXVATIJJ tion> liberal manag-e-
HnTPT ment, modern appoint-
UUlLJjiJ, ments and perfect cui-
sine.
San American and Euro-
pean plans.
Francisco.
Positively cured by these ,
Little Pills.
They also relieve distress from Dys-
pepsia, Indigestion and Too Hearty
Eating. A perfect remedy for Dizzi-
ness, Nausea, Drowsiness, Bad Taste
in the Mouth, Coated Tongue, Pain in
the Side, TORPID LIVER. They
Regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
Small Pill. Small Dose.
Small Price.
AMUSEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Last 5 Nights — Mat. Saturday.
CHARLES FROHMAS'S
Empire Theater Company.
Presenting HEXRT ARTHUR JONES'
Greatest Play.
MRS. DAK DEFENCE,
BEGINNING NEXT MONDAY.
DANIEL FROGMAN'S COMPANY
From Daly's Theater. Jlew York. Including
MISS HILDA SPONG.
Presenting K. C. Carton's Comedy SuccfM,
LADY HUNTWORTH'S EXPERIMENT.
Seat Sale Begir>s Thursdar Morning.
ALL THIS WEEK,
MR. JAS1ES AND THE
/ W ELazi M SraaiBamd COMPANY.
Presenting:
"THE ROYAL BOX."
A GENTHNE NOVELTY.
Evenln* 25c. 33c. 50c 73c. $1-M
Saturday Matinee j 23c 50c 75a
BARGAIN MATINEE THURSDAY.. '..25c.' 50a
NEXT SUNDAY NIGHT.
PUBLIC DEMAND
— r-"BARBARA FREITCHIE."
Seat3 Ready Thursday.
EVENINGS AT 8 SHARP! ' \
MATINEE SATURDAY AT 2 SHARP.
GR«ND OF»ERA.
TO-NIGHT. Thursday. Sat. Mat. and Sunday.
OTELLO
First appearance of
MONTANflRI,
Prima Donna Soprano. ' '. '
"Wednesday, Friday and Saturday.
LA FAVORITA
¦With Agrostlnl, Collamarlnl. Dado and Ferrari.
POPULAR PRICES— Kc. 50c and 75c.
Telephone— Bush 9. 'V
-
"*l "^ iKKTi CUT /tail
TO-NIGHT— All This Week.
' MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Elaborate production of the Powerful Drama,
THE GREAT
DIAMOND ROBBERY:
Plenty of strons character humor. Elaborate
Scenic features. Magnificent effects.
DDIfCC Evenings 10c. 15c, 25c, 35c, 5rta
I UIVLJ Matinees 10c. 15c. 25o
K£*C Jfc SAT?'
flYHIATR E M h
EVERY NIGHT AT 8:15.
FLORENCE ROBERTS,
Supported by WHITE WHITTLESEY.
In Charlotte Thompson's New Play.
SILVER MOUNTED
HARNESS.
During Act 3 an entirely new, sensational
dance arranged by PROF. BOTHWELL
BROWNE.
MATINEE SATURDAY.
EVERY EVENING THIS WEEK. '¦
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY. •
DANIEL FRAWLEY
Presents
"THE LIARS."
By Henri* Arthur Jones
First Time In This City at Popular Prices.
. Daniel Frawley as Colonel Sir Christopher
Deering.
E. J. Morran In His Original Role of
Edward Falkner.
SAME PRICES 10c. 15c. 25c. 53c. 75«
Good Orchestra Seats all Matinee3. 25c.
Branch Ticket Office Emporium.
Next Week— "BROTHER OFFICERS."
22 VAUDEVILLE CELEBpiTIES
FROM HOME_AND ABROAD.
Chas. H. JBraslia-w and Company, Ra-
marc and Riley, Hill and Silvlany,
Mr. and Mrs. 'Alfred Kelcey, Sis-
son, "Wallace and Company, The
Molasso-Salvaggi Troupe, Alex-
andra Dagmar, The Standard
Quartet and tbe Siograph.
Reserved Seats. 25c; Balcony, 10c; Opera
Chairs and Bex Seats, 50c.
Gait e andjfJnrsE.SJi^,
0air,y Contests.
>Msi0tf RATES hft vislM'
fop particulars WritB
GiM Jackson. "A^.|preckeml
>5ECTY.. __ PRESIDENT. -
FKflHFR'S CONCERT HOUSE.
riOl/Ililtt O Admission 10c.
Irene Franklin. William Norden, Dutch Wal-
ton, Maud Still. Jones and Brown, Ouhama,
Seymour and Hill and Hinrichs" unrivaled or-
chestra.
Reserved Seats, 23c. Matinee Sunday.
SUTRO BATHS.
OPEN NIGHTS.
Open daily from 7 a. m. to 11 p. m.
Bathlnsr from 7 a. m. to 10:30 p. m.
ADMISSION. 10c; CHILDREN, Be
Bathing; Including: admission, 25c. Children, Ms.
Weekly Gall, $1 per Year
[ran- H
|| piis Great Train
1 AWIJ runs but twice
§| psr week during j
I lifiSDfil tt ™
a tup Leaving at 9 am, ¦
fa I nfc ,
H it arrives in
i (HINDU. -;~ I
I LI EH 1 1 LU its hltf* standard
H of service is
1 0" fully maintainsd.
Imhe
DR.MEYEHS&CO. jg|j§%.
Specialist. Dlseasa J||||^* ]%
arid weakness of SgS^J' i
men. Established *&&£ .'c*?? '
free, at office or by •¦¦.;¦ *LSRe' //^ l Bpd*~ '
mall. Cures guar- yi^tr^w^^^
anteed. 731 Mar- f^W^^V^
ket street (eleva- A. ;^P •
tor entrance). San
jaaa^i ¦ m A m Tk M ' |r~ tm B^Chicago Grain Market.
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour 'firm
with Improved >: demand ; No. 2 Spring Wheat
74%c;;No. 3 Spring 71%@73c; No. 2 Rod, 74c;
New York Stock Market.
NEW TOEK, Aug. 12.-The Government crop
Nine cars of "Watermelons came. In. but prices
were . not 'affected. 'Cantaloupes were 'weaker
and Nutmess were* also off. - ' " :¦ ¦
Peaches, . Fears ' . and "., Plums " showed ' little
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
EASTERN MARKETS.
Prices for all descriptions remained about the
same. The demand for Butter and Eggs Jll
reported less brisk, though the lightness' of
stocks keDt quotations steady. %¦¦"
. Receipts were 47,600 pounds of Butter •>-•»'
cases of Eggs 1000 Aunda of California Cheese
and pounds of Eastern Cheese *- n eese
U I T^ R ~ Creamery > 23( § 24c Per lb for fancv
and 20®21c for, seconds;- dairy. im$g. . gSf*
Butter. 12i.4@15c per lb. "B^uc. store
• CHEESE— New. 10@llc; old. nominal; Youne
b^^^ffeS tJiaC
Butter, Cheese and Ev°s.
Articles- Open. High. Low. Close
Wheat No. 2—
September 74 74% 73 7«'
December 76 76%- 75 • '- Teil
Ma ,y •• 79^4 80% 79-73*4
Corn No. 2— '• ;*
September... 61*4 61'4 60 finu
December 64 61 62% 62%
January 65% . 65% 64 644i
Oats No. 2— ' . ',-¦; "^^4
September .....:...; 3714 37V4 - 36W Sfiai
December.. 38% 38% 3774 31 £
May ......'..... 40%' 40% 33% .40..
Mess Pork, per bbl— - , '* J
September. ...14 12>4 14 1214- 14' 00. ' 14 mu,
January ......15 20 15 40' 15 15 "15 is
Lard, per 100 lbs— ¦¦¦•.¦*" °° ¦ :
September ......... 8 75 8 771J 8 72^ 8 7714
October .....:...... 8 67^4 8 87% 8 SO 8 85
January ........... 8 87»4 8 92% 8 S3 8 90
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs— • .
September... 7 90 ; 7 95' 7 90 ' 7 95
October ....... ..... 8 00 8 02^4 7 95 , 8 02%
January' 7 90 '¦*.''¦ 7 95 ¦ ¦' 1 87«£ 7 95 .
WEATHER AND CROP CONDITIONS.
Hcllister— Peaches drying nicely; good qual-
Hanford— Fruit In good condition.
Kapa— Grapes doing well; light crop.
San Jose— Hot; good many prunes drying out;
west. Bide apricots practically through drying
Palermo— Drying pears.
Ventura— Still foggy; good for beans, corn
and late beets.
Santa Maria— Damp, foggy mornings; Ideal
bean weather; light crop Bartlett pears, pick-
Ing already contracted for.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE.
Section Director.
I Iron ; continues dull, with , values' in I buyers'
favor. Plgiron warrants, $9 50*310; No.l North
ern foundry, $15®15 60;. No. 2 Southern foun
dry, $14i?14 50; No.' 1. Southern foundry, $14 75
@15 23; do soft," $14 73® 15 25. Glasgow war-
Spelter was without change. at $3 90@3 95, and
quiet.. London' was also unchanged at £16
12s 6d.">" ¦ ' . ..":¦¦ ¦!¦¦;:, ."¦¦..;.-. ¦ . •
Lead was again featureless and unchanged
at $4 37^4 here, while at ¦ London values de
clined Is 3d to £11 15s. .
Here copper was featureless and unchanged
at $16 50@17.for Lake Superior, $16 37V£@16 62^
for casting and '-¦. electrolytic, London prices
showed a decline of 2s 6d to £66 for spot and
£66 8s 9d for futures.; ' ¦ " . - - - .,
NEW YORK, Aug. 12.— Trading in. the local
metal market was slower to-day than for some
time past. Buyers and sellers are holding aloof
pending' definite' information from the . strike
centers.. In London pig, tin scored a net rise
of £1 10s and ¦ futures were l?s higher.. Thus
spot stood at the close at £117 and futures at
£113. ¦. ,
Here the market ruled very quiet, but sym
pathetically steady, . at $27® 27 30 for spot.
Tin plates were quiet, very, few were for
sale. .
New York Metal. Market.
The Oakland, San Leandro and Hay wards
Electric Railway will pay a dividend of 20c
per share, or J1600, ¦ en . the 15th. ¦-,".
The Presidio Railway Company has increased
-i-2 m _ onthIv d i v l<iend from 13c to 20c per share.
The first at the last named rate was paid last
month. The next will be paid on the 15th Th»
amount Js ¦?2poo- ... .
A quarterly dividend of 5c per share, or $1250
was paid yesterday by the Pacific Auxiliary
Fire Alarm Company.
The Oakland Gas. Light and Heat Company
on th? y i5th dlVl<lend ° f 23 ° PCr Share> ° r * 1Z ™-
Oil assessments delinquent" yesterday were
the Gould Central, ijc; and the Bear Flag, 2c
The Alaska Packers' Association paid a divl-
« e c n r ( L 0f 75c P er . Eha re yesterday, amounting to
The California Street Cable Company will pay
a dividend of 10c per share, or J5000, on the
14th. .
In- the afternoon business was much more
active, with a further decline in Gas and Elec
tric to J40 50.
Beyond" a decline in. Gas and Electric to
$41 CO there was nothing new on the morning
session of the Bond Exchange. Business was
fair.
Hslics of the Ancients.
The frontier defense of the, Roman em
pire between the Danube and the Rhino
has been under examination by a royal
commission for eight yeara. and the work
Is nearly, completed. At CarnunXum. in
Austria-Hungary, an ancient bakery has
been discovered. The room contained
two baking ovens and a row of charrc-tl.
completely preserved bread loaves. An
cient-bread has been known hitherto only
from Pompeii.
The most important recent event In
Greece was the finding In Crete of the
vast Mycenaean palace at Cnossus. with
Its corridors, store-chambers, throneroem.
east and west courts, frescoes and library
of clay tablets in Mycenaean characters.
In Asia Minor the, work at Priene has
boen finished. That begun at Miletus
promises well and has already yielded in
scriptions. At Ephesus a Greek monu
mental gateway was found which com
bines lintel and arch construction.—Chi
cago Daily News. .. *'/
The breath of scandal ia an ill wind
that blows nobody good.
STOCK MARKET.
FOR MONDAY. AUGUST 12. "
Flour, qr sks 12.3% Quicksilver fisks tt
Wheat, ctls 7,750 Leather, rolls.... 13c
Barley, ctls....... 8.020 Wine. gals... 10 ££
Oats, ctls l.SOrt rhicory. bbls " 10
Beans, sks........ 1.070 HIde3, No. " 143
Potatoes, sks 3.7R2 Pelts, bdls... *" in*
Onions, sks 469 Wool, bags " r™
Bran, sks,...: li*00 ntraw, tons . "" in
Middlings, sks.... 100 Hay. tons.... "" 419
Shorts, sks... 175 * .
Receipts of Produce.
• • MONDAY. Aug. 12^-4 p. m.
BId.Ask. Justice OS 07
Alpha 02 04 Kentuck 02 04
Alta 03 <K Lady Wash 01 —
Andes 04 OS Mexican ... 17 1*
Belcher 07 Of Occidental f.2 04
Best & Belcher 14 '16 Ophir 87 ?5
Bullion 01 03 Overman 12 13
Caledonia 31 33 Potosi 03 06
Challenge COn. 39 40 Ravage 07 CS
Chollar 05 06 Scorpion — 04
Confidence 140 — \ Seg Belcher.... — f3
Con Cal & Va.. 2 00 2 05 Sierra Nevada. IS :i
Con Imperial... — 02 ?ilver Hill 33 37
Ton New York. — 0l| St Louis OS —
Crown Point... 10 12 1 Standard 3 2.". 3 6.%
Eureka Con 10 — i Syndicate 07 —
Exchequer — 02i Union Con 14 15
Gould & Curry. 14 15 Utah 05 CS
Hale & Norcrs. 27 30 1 Yellow Jacket. 35 38
Julia — 02' .
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
SHEEP— Receipts, 2073. Market 25c higher.
Idaho wethers, $3 65; lambs, loc higher; Idaho
lambs, $5 23.
HOGS— Receipts, 3304, head. Market steady
to strong. r Light and light mixed, $5 eO'ge; me
dium : heavy, $5 S5(g6 15; pigs, $2 50@5 15; bulk
of sales. $5 SO® 6. •
"ST. JOSEPH, Aug. 12.— CATTLE— Receipts
2216 head. Market steady to 10c lower. . Na
tives, $3 25(35 80; cows ;and heifers, - $1®4 Co;
bulls and stags, ?2©4 60; stockers and feeders
$2 25«3 85; veals, $2® 5. ;
ST. JOSEPH.
SHEEP— Receipts. 18,000 head. Market strong
to 10c higher. Lambs, 10®15c higher for good to
choice. Good to choice wethers, $3 75(S4 25
fair to choice mixed, $3 2o(f£3 80; "Western sheep,
$3 23(54 10; yearlings, $3 75(714 35: native lambs
52 25@5 £0; Western lambs, $4 35@5 40.
HOGS — Receipts to-day, j 36,000; to-morrow
25,000 head. Early market steady and strong'
later slow; top. $6 15. Mixed and butchers'
$5 65'3,6 12%; good to choice heavy, $5 9r>@6 15
rough heavy, $5 45(35 85; light, $5 65<g5 90; bulk
of sales, $3 70^5 95.
CHICAGO, Aug. 12.— CATTLE— Receipts, 26.
000 head. Choice steady, others slow to 10JS15c
lower. Good to prime steers, $5 CO@G 25; poor
to medium, $4.25<g3 40; Etockers and feeders.
$2 25@3 S5; cows, 52 50@4 35; heifers,' ?2(£r-5 30
canners, $1@2 25; bulls, $2 50@4 35; calves. $2(3()-'
Texas steers, $3@ 4 65; Western steers, $4 (15® 5.'
Eastern Livestock Markets.
CHICAGO. Aug. 12.-The decline in the spring
wheat condition of 15 points since. July l and
the heavy disaster to the corn crop in addi
tion to higher cables, , caused wheat to onen
active and higher to-day. The unexpectedly
large loss in the spring wheat crop started
shorts to covering and there was fair invest
ra ?2L, bu £ inK - September opened lV4@l%c tn
2*662940 higher. at 73@74c. Later in the sea
son the price advanced to 74«4c. due to heivv
clearances and the unexpectedly large decrease
mn^ 6 l' E , lble ! u . ppIy - w hich. amounted to 2 tfi f
tim°/to op f n fu ac^ lve and hIgher on the low es
timate of the Government report and then*
vvas a rush to buy durfng the first hour Th!
8 f Va £? e u ralsed the ma »"ket above "he prices
at which "calls" sold on Saturday, and senin*
against these privileges, along with general
profit taking, caused a reactloa September
opened 2©2%c higher at 60«©61c. During the
latter part of the session there were nfmors
current that the Government estimate of dam
of e itrfl S m XaSSera ir. d al i d Se Ptomb e r lost some
of it? firmness, selling down to 60c. The clnw
was 1%©1%c higher at 60@60%c
Oats opened active and higher. Shorts cov
ered freely and there was good buying by
highJ af^cf ePtember ° atS closed "@lV 8 c
Provisions were moderately active and were
influenced but slightly by the situation in the
pram markets. Heavy, offerings of nea--bv
deliveries, early in the session caused some
heaviness in prices, but toward the close a
good outside demand brought about a rally
September pork _ closed 10c higher, lard 5c up
and ribs 714c higher. . p
The leading futures ranged as follows: •
POULTRY-Llve Turkeys. 8@i0c for Gobblers
and 9@lCc for Hens; Geese, per pair Ji@i 93-
Gosling-s. $1 12%@1 37%; Ducks. $2 50(33 50 for old
and $3@4 for young; Hens. $3 5004- vm?^
Roosters. $5@6; old Roosters. $3 50*3:4 • Frv
ers, *»; Broilers, $3<§3 50 for large and i^
©2 CO for small; Pigeons. $1 50(31 75 per dozen
for old and $1 25@1 50 for Squabs dozen
GAME— Doves, per dozen. "$I@l 25- Hare- *ir~<
for^Br^h" 13 ' $1 25 ® 1 5 ° f ° r Cott(jn>ta '» and I
Two cars of Eastern* Poultry came In. There
were. also some arrivals of Doves. Otherwise
there was nothing new. v ;
Poultry and Game.
VEGETABLES— Green Peas, l%(S2c; String
Beans.' l@3c; -Limas, 4@5c; Cabbage, 3o@40c
per ctl: Tomatoes from the River. In large
boxes, 2n(&:C5c; Dried Peppers. 12®lSc; Green
Okra. 50©75c per box; Carrots, 25(ffi35c per sack-
Cucumbers, Bay, 15@35c; Pickles, l%c per lb
lor small and lc for large: Garlic, 2W0c- Green
Peppers. 25@50c per box for Chile and' °5®i0f
for Bell; Egg Plant. 25@50c per box; Green
Corn. 25ffz:6oc per sack; Alameda. 75cffi$l per
crate; Berkeley, ; Summer Squash" larjru
boxes, roifMOc; New Marrowfat Squash.' $15(32(1
I>er ton. • • • u
POTATOES— $1 10@l 30 in sacks and $1 23@
1 CO in boxes for Burbanks, 90c@$l 10 for Gar
net Chiles and S5c0$l for Early Rose; Salinas
Burbanks. $1 23© 1 50; Sweets. 2c per lb for new
and 75c per sack for old Merced.
ONIONS— Yellow. 75c@$l per ctl; Pickle On
ions, 60@C5c per sack. ' - .
Potatoes are reported stiff, and prices are
slightly higher again. The shipping demand
continues. Onions are also quoted firm, but
they are no higher .
Vegetables remain about the same, supplies
being ample for all current needs. --:¦¦-.. '¦-':
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Nerada— Fair Tuesday, except showers In the
extreme southern portion; fresn yesterly winds.
San Francisco and vicinity— Fair Tuesday,
becoming cloudy at night; fresh southwest
•winds.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE.
m Forecast Official.
SPECIAL DAILY FRUIT SERVICE.
K 2 < O 2 HJ
STATIONS. . Iffl I 3§- II - I
- * * *j
Hollister 74 47 .. W Clear
Hanford 106 C2 .. N Clear
Kapa. 85 48 .. S Clear
Ban Jose 99 66 .. N
Riverside 93 56 .. W Clear" "
Palermo 107 €2 .. S
Ventura 72 59 .. ..
Santa Maria 76 67 * "
Southern California — Cloudy Tuesday, prob
ably showers in the mountains; fresh south
west winds.
Northern California — Fair Tuesday, becoming
cloudy at night in southern portion; continued
warm weather in the interior; brisk westerly
winds on the coast.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight. August IS, 1901.
There has been but little change In pressure
over the western half of the country during
the past twenty-four hours. A moderate de
pression over Arizona and Northern Mexico is
moving very flov.iy northwest and will prob
ably overlie the valley of the Colorado by
Tuesday. Heavy rain has fallen a.t Flagstaff
and Bhowers with high northeast winds are re
ported at El Paso.
Maximum temperatures of 108 degrees are re
ported in the great valleys of California.
FORECAST.
Temperature. 7 a. m.. 53 degrees.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
The Bean market shows still more excitement
with a further advance in the leading descrip
tions. 'The shipping demand continues.
- BEANS— Bayos, $2 601B2 75; "Small White $4 83
©5; Large White. $3 S504 10; Pink, $2 25@2 40-
Red, J3@3 25; Blackeye. $3 50; Limas, $6 40®6 50 :
Rtd Kidney, $4 25 per ctl '
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal. Yellow
Mustard, nominal; Flax, $2 75^3; Canary 3%«
3%c for Eastern; Alfalfa, nominal; Rape l4@
2%c: Hfmu. 3%c per lb. u
DRIED PEAS— Niles, $1 65 per ctl.
Beans and Seeds.
COAL OIL— "Water White Coal OH In bulk
13c; Pearl OH, In cases. 19c: Astral 19c* Star'
19c; Extra Star. 23c: Elaine, 24c; Eocene 21c'
deodorized stove gasoline, in bulk. 15c; in cases*
2lc; Benzine, in bulk. 14c: In cases. 20c- 86-de
gree Gasoline, in bulk. 20c; In cases "6c
TURPENTINE— 58c per gallon In cas»s and
52c In drums or Iron barrels.
SUGAR-The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, per pound, in 10O-Ib bags-
Cubes, Crushed and fine Crushed. 5 40c- Pow
dered. 5.23c: Candy Granulated. 5" 25c- Drv
Granulated. 5.15c; Confectioners' A 5 15c- Frul'
Granulated. 5.15c; Beet Granulated. 5' 05c' Mae*
nolia A, 4.75c; Extra C. 4.Kc; Golden C* 4 53c
barrels. 10c more: half-barrels, 25c more- oo'xe^'
50c more; 50-lb bags, 10c more. No order's taken
for less than 75 barrels or Its equivalent
Dominos, half-barrels, 5.65c: boxes, 5.30c per lb"
OILS— California Cas,tor Oil. in cases No
1. 75c: pure. $126: Linseed Oil. in barrels boiled
84o; raw S2c; cases. 5c more; Lard Oil, extra
winter strained, barrels. SOc; cases, 85c; China
Nut, 55(g72c per gallon: pure Neatsfoot Oil. bar
rels, 67%c: cases. 72%c: Sperm, pure, 65c: Whale
Oil. natural white. 40@43c per gallon*; Fish OH
in barrels. 37%c: cases 42%c.
COAL— Wellington. $9 per ton; Southflele
Wellington. $9; Seattle. $7; Bryant. $6 50; Coos
Bay, J5 50: Wallsend. $9: Co-operative Walls
end, $9: Cumberland. $12 50 In bulk and $13 75 in
sacks: Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg. $14; Can
nel, $10 per ton: Coke. $15 per ton in bulk and
$17 in sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions $8 45
per 20CO lbs and $8 50 per ton, according to
brnnd.
GRAIN BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags, 7jg@8c;
local make, %c less than Calcuttas; Wool Bags'
32@35c; Fleece Twine. 7%®8c: Fruit Bags. 5%®
6c for cotton and 8%®8%c for jute.
General Merchandise.
THE COAST RECORD.
There is apparently less congestion In the
railroad yards from the strike, for there were
3'J cars on the tracks, the largest number for
some days. There was the usual good demand
from the retailers. Prices showed no change.
Corn products are still higher. Otherwise
there is no change in Feadstuffs.
BRAN— $19®19 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS-$20«21 50 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. J16@17 50 per
ton: Oilcake Meal at the mill S25<fl:26: Jobbing
$26 50; Cocoanut Cake. $17(filS; Corn Meal. .$32©
33: Cracked Corn, $32 50<g33 50; Mixed Feed $i7
@1S. ¦ '
HAY— Wheat. ' $7@9 50; choice. $10(310 50-
Wheat and Oat, $6 50@9: Oat, $6@S 50: Barley
and Oat, $6<£S; Alfalfa. $S 50@10 50; Clover $5 50
@7; Volunteer, $4 50@5 50.
STRAW— 25@42%c per bale.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
PORK— Live Hogs, 2C0 lbs and under" 6%c
over 200 lbs, Cc; feeders. ; sows, 20 per
cent off. boars 50 per cent off and stags 40 per
rent off from the above quotations; dressed
Hogs, 7%@DUc
LAMB— Spring. S%@9> per pound.
VEAL — Large. 7@8c; small, S<g!9c per lb.
MUTTON — Wethers. 7@Sc; Ewes, 7®7%c per
pound.
As foreshadowed last week the packers have
reduced their bids for Hogs to 6%c. They say
they are well supplied for the time being.
Otherwise there Js nothing new.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF— 6@6%c for Steers and 5@5%c per lb for
cows.
San Francisco Meat Market.
BAN FRAN'CISCO. Aug. 12—5 p. m.
The folloying maximum temperatures were
reported from stations in California to-day:
Eureka. 60: Red Bluff, 10S: Sacramento, 100;
Mt. Tamalpais, 89; Fresno. 108; San Luis Obis
r-o. 7i; Independence, 9b; Los Angeles, S6; San
Diego, 72.
San Francisco data — Maximum temperature,
C3; mininaum. 52; mean. aS.
(12Cth Meridian-Pacific Time.)
Weather Report.
EVAPORATED APPLES-Owing to a steariV
jobbing demand for evaporated apples the mar
ket holds quite firm and values are wefi ™ul
tained, but not quotably higher. State com
k%s^% prime> $mSB$.
le^allfornla dried fruits ruled dull and feature-
PRUXES- 3V4@7c per pound.
V^ri?^t~^° y^\' 8 %@13c;-Moorpark, : 8©12c.
PEACHEb— Peeled, H@l8c; unneeled, fi@9%c
DRIED FRUITS.
"^L ? K# AUS -
20,276 barrels; exports, 14.371; sales, 15,100 pack
ages Fairly active and 10c higher on the
whole. Winter patents. $3 60Q>3 90- winter
straights, $3 40@3 55; Minnesota patents, $3 90@
,J?F AT - ReCelpts ' m - m bushels; exports
289,046 bushels; sales, 4.792,000 bushels futures
bpot-Strong. No. 2 red, S0%c f. o b afloat
teh » f^'T,^ ?°- 1 *orthem fl D'u:
mtn, 52c f. o. b. afloat; No. 1 hard Dnimh
90c f. o. b. afloat. Options-Had a stffi 3c
advance and a big trade partly for outside a c
cou "t- on record-breaking clearances a heavy
£n A* S h? D h y decrease - the Governnie^t crop
report, higher cables and covering. Thev
finally eased off a shade under realii n~ but
closed very firm at 2%@2»iic net advance " Sep
tember 78@79 9-16C, closed 79c: October 78«fi>
jSKc. .closed 79%c; December, 80%@8?%c? closed
HIDES— Firm.
WOOL— Quiet.
HOPS— Di-11.
COFFEE-Spot-Rio. quiet; No. 7 invoice
5 ll-16c: rnild. quiet; Cordova. S@ll%c Fu
} u^~ Clcseci 5 to 10 »olnts lower. Total sale"
1S.C00 bags, including: September. $4 95; No!
Ma™ ?5 55 ; December - * 525 : March, $5 45;
„ SUGAR— Raw, quiet and easy: fair reflninir
3 9-16c; centrifugal. 96 test. 4%c- molassfs
sugar. 3 5- 16c. Refined, quiet molasses
BUTTER-Recelpts. 8000 packages; firm
State, dairy. 14@19%c; creameries 16@20pc
ery? i^lTtc* 0100 '' 15@15^ c; lmlta Uon cream-'
• EGGS — Receipts. 7171 packages; steadv
SSU4c ern ° andled ' 12 @ ls Hc; Western {incandied',
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour. S3 per 100 lbs: Rye Flour, $2 75; Rye
Meal, $2 50; Rice Flour. $7: Corn Meal. $3 25;
extra cream do. $4; Oat Groats, $3; Hominy,
$4@4 23: Buckwheat Flour, $404 23: Cracked
Wheat, $3 50; Farina. $4 50; Whole Wheat
Flour. $3 25: Rolled Oats (barrels). $6 85@S 33:
In sacks, $6 50<g8; Pearl Barley. $3; Split
Peas, $5; Green Peas. $6 50 per 100 lbs.
FLOUR — California Family Extras. $3 259
3 50, usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $3 15@3 25:
Oregon, $2 50@2 75 per barrel for family and
$2 75@3 for bakers' ; Washington bakers', $2 75
@3.
Flour and Millstufrs.
Vew York Grain and Produce.
Foreign exports from this port during the
first seven months of the year were S13.9CO.S20.
against S23.J32.240 for the same time last year,
the leading items being as follows: To At
lantic ports, $1.615.o60; Great Britain. £5,636,500;
China. $2,451,222; Japan. $l,S46,780; Australia,
«L276.357; Mexico, $1,058,490; Central America,
41.loS.65*): South America. $1.03?. 9C0: Xew Zea
land. t797.*O0; British Columbia, $664, 170; Phil
ippine Islands, J622.970.
Foreign Exports.
NEW YORK. Aug. 12. -The statement of the
visible supply of grain in store and afloat on
Saturday. August 10, as compiled by the New
lork Produce Exchange, was as follows-
Wheat. 28.219,000 bushels, decrease 000
r^Mn 3 " h 8>< S°, bu^ els - lnirea « r 73i!odof o0 oa7s:
4,44o,000 bushels, increase 91,000; rye 722 000
i'ncreas'e 'two!"* 6M00: . barle y- 320,000 bushels;
Visible Grain Supply.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about l%c under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers. 10%c; medium, 9%c; light. 9 C ; Cow
Hides, 9c for heavy and 9c for light; Stags,
6%c; Salted Kip. 9%c: Salted Veal. 10c: Salted
Calf, 10c; Dry Hides. 16@16%c; Culls. 14c; Dry
Kip. 16c; Dry Calf, 18c: Culls and Brands, 15c;
Sheepskins, shearlings, 15@30c each: short
Wool, 30<?i:50c each: medium. 50@75c- long
Wool. 80c(S$l each; Horse Hides, salt $• 50®
2 75 for large and $2@2 23 for medium" $1 50-3
1 75 for small and 50c ."or Colts; Horse Hide'
dry, $1 75 for large. $1 25<r?l 50 for medium $1 23
for small and 50c for Colts. Dcarsklns-^Sum
mer or red skins. 35c; fall or medium skins 30c
winter or thin skins. 20c. Goatskins— Prime
Angoras, 75c; large and smooth, 50c; medium
35c.
TALLOW— No. i rendered. 4^@4%r! per lb
choice. 5c: No. 2. 3%@4c; grease. 2^«3c
WOOL— Spring. 1900 or 1901— Humboldt and
Mendocino. 14@15%c: do. Lambs' lie per lb-
Northern, free. 12013c; defective. 9«Uc- Mlddlo
County, free. 10@llc; do, defective. 8@10c-
Southern. 12 months. 8@9c: Southern, free 7
months, 7@10c; do, defective, 7 months 7@*8c>
Oregon Valley, fine. MflJlSc: do medium and
coarse. ll@13c: Oregon, Eastern, choice ll@13c
do. fair to good. 9@llc: Nevada. 10@ll%c Fali
—San Joaquln Lambs'. T&QOc.
HOPS— 15@20c per lb.
Hides, Tallozv, Wool and Heps.
The leading destinations were as follows:
China. $3.1C2.S76: New York. $1,631,424; Mexico,
$100,000; India, $30,OC0.
Exports of s=p<?cie frcm this port during the
flrrt feven months of the year were J4.927.400.
apairst $12.^..(So for the same time last year,
the leading dcscriiition!? being as follows: Sil
ver bullion. S1.5<Sb.:?4: geld bullion, 5202,115:
Mexican dollars. 51.13O.ST.2: silver coin. $154,306:
gold coin, $1,185,26?; currency and bonds, $129,
799.
Exports of Specie.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 12. -To-day's statement
of the Treasury balances in the general fund
dfvuinn" e ? f e ?15 ?- 000 ' 0 °0 sold reserve in the
diMsion of redemption, shows: Available cash
balance, J175.71S.952; gold, $103, 411,826.
Condition of the Treasury.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 7@7%c per lb for
compound and 10%c for pure; half- barrels, pure
10%c; 10-lb tins, ll%c: 5-lb tins. ll%c.
COTTOLENE— One half-barrel. «9%x:; three
half-barrels. 9%c: one tierce, 9%c; two tierces
9c; five tierces. 8%c per lb.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 12c per lb for heavy.
12%c for light medium. 13%c for light. 14%c for
extra light and 16c for sugar-cured; Eastern
sugar-cured Hams, 13%@14c; California Hams.
13@13%c; Mess Beef, $11 50 per bbl; extra Mess,
$12; Family, $13; prime Mess Pork. ;15; extra
clear. $23j Mess. J19; Smoked Beef. 13V-@14c
per lb.
Previous prices rule, with a quiet and firm
market. .
Provisions.
-J^?°f"' Au S- 12 --Anaconda. 8%; Atchlson,
iin : i v ?£ n pi S ferred . 97 : Canadian Pacific
p«& Northern P aclfic preferred, 99; Southern
preferred 90%" Paciflc - 97 %: Union Pacific
Bar silver— Quiet; 26 13-16d per ounce.
Money. 1%(!I2 per cent.
CLOSING
NEW YORK. Aug. 12.-The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
The stock market continues firm, but this
firmness is not accompanied by any business
to speak of Jn view of to-morrow's settlement.,
Some large gold arrivals helped conditions.
President Kruger Is reported as being in a
comatose condition. American stocks hesitated
at the start on the disappointing crop reports.
New York sent In the morning heavy selling
orderp. particularly In the Atchlsons and Union
Pacifies. London regarded this as a ruse by
\vall street, intended to cause a panic over
here, but speculation was so small that the
% ?\T\ as mere 'y nominal. The market was at
first Idle and then New York sent prices half
an hour late. The steel stocks led in a sharp
rally, and on the announcement that the strik
ers movement lacks cohesion the market hard
ened quietly to the finish
London Market.
« CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock — No sales.
Second Session — No sales. ! 1
Regular Morning Session— December— 2000 ctls,
72%c. - . \
Afternoon Session — December — 2000 ctls, 72%c.
OATS — The market is still inactive and un
changed at 90c<5>$1 02% for Black and 97%c@$l 15
per ctl for Red.
CORN— The Government report, giving the
condition of the Corn crop at 54, was consid
ered sensationally bullish at Chicago, and the
market advanced from 58%c to 60%c, falling
back to 60%c. There was less speculation,
however, and holders were willing to accept
profits on the bulge.
This market was unchanged. Small round
Yellow, $1 75: Eastern Yellow, $1 62^6x1 65-
White. $1 70S1 75 per ctl; Mixed, $1 50@l'55. '
RYE— 75<Fi77%c per ctl. - •
BUCKWHEAT— None in first hands.
Regular Morning Session — December — 14,000
ctls, $1 03%. May— 2000, $1 07%.
Afternoon Session— May— 4000 ctls $1 07%
December— 4000, $1 03T»-
BARLEY— The market continues very quiet
at unchanged • quotations. Feed, 73 s 4c for
choice bright, 71U<g72Hc for No. 1 and 67%@70c
for off grades: Brewing and Shipping grades,
77V4®S3c: Chevalier, nominal.
Second Session— December — 4000 ctls
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— December—
12,000 ctls, $1 03%; 8000, SI 03% May— 4000
?1 07%; 6000, $1 07%. .
CALL BOARD SALES.
The American visible supply decreased 2,250,
000 bushels. Chicago opened excited and stiff
and advanced 3%c. There was a large influx
of buying order3 in everything, but holders
were- disposed to realize. Offerings, however,
were well absorbed. A fresh Impulse was giv
en to the market by big clearances of 1,600,000
bushels. Speculation was greater in Wheat,
but less in Corn. The Government report ma
terially modified previous bearish reports.
In this market futures advanced, but spot
prices showed no improvement. '
$l| P l°02%" p h er a cU Shll3PlnK ' * 7 *@ 9S * C: . mlUIn *'
WHEAT— Paris and Liverpool futures were
both higher. The world's shipments for the
week were as follows, in quarters: Russian,
113,000; Danubian, 2000; Argentine, 42,000; In
dian. 77,000; Australian, 1000.
Wheat and Other Grains.
"Urazil nuts are higher at 10(§10%c Shelled
almonds are easier, vlth Valencias offered at
"Evaporated apples are stronger. Future
prime are firm at S'^c. sales of five cars being
r*port<*d at that price. Spot demand for ap
ples is good and chops and waf-te are higher
at 2c for prime chops and l%(f/l%c for prime
¦waste. Some inquiry is noted for chops from
Europe. Rasi'lierries are excited and tending
upward. S>t'«ks here are light and reports in
dicate a Iic'nt crou.
¦•Prur.*>E are firm and selling fairly well.
Holders on the coast decline offers under a
Sc basis. Future apricots are higher, some
holders in California asking 9c for choice
Rryals in bass. At the prices offered a week
apo unquestionably there would be consider
able buying. New crop peaches are quoted at
higher price?, ranging from 6 l ,iQ6'sc for choice
in ba£E. On the spot a sale of fancy peaches
in boxes was reported at 8%c. Currants were
held a little firmer by some holders and It is
reported negotiations for a good, round lot are
under way.
"Loose Muscatel raisins are higher, most
holders asking 6c for S-crown, though some
dealers quote 5%c. At the latter quotation it
would probably be impossible to buy "other
than small lots. Sales of two cars were re
ported at around 6c for 3-crown and 5%c for
2-crown. The raisin situation on the coast
Is stiffer. no loose being offered. Seeded are
higher, 6%c being the lowest price on New
Tork seeded and <"Vic bottom in coast seeded
goods.
Mail advices from New Ycrk say: "There
Is a firmer market for nearly all the more
Important lines of dried fruits, both spot and
future. Spot trade, however, shows only mod
erate activity, though there Is a very good
consumptive demand for prunes, seeded raisins,
peaches, etc., for this period of the year.
, Dried Fruit in New York.
XEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Afchis^ H1 ~ h L^ dose
Atchlson pfd 3 t c,oo 94^1 93a? 94^
cSrsoS fl rn ' m i5iii io ** »*
Chesapeake & Ohio " "" I" ViZ
Chicago & Alton. i.ico 37" 3& 36
& Alton pfd.... 500 77 76 76%
Chgo, Ind A Louis 300 34% 33V- 33%
Chgo, Ind & Louis pfd „ . C9%
Chgo & Eastern 111 2
Ch^o & Great Western.. 1,500 2m 21 ' 21%
Chgo & G W A pfd " SjZ|
Chgo & G W B pfd ¦¦¦' 45^
Chgo & Northwestern. 190
9-2. e Z erm & Trans.... 1.600 18 17% 17%
£ h *° Term & T pfd.... 400 36% 36VA 36%
C C C &. St Louis 100 90 90 SO
Colorado Southern 800 13% 13W 13%
Co o Southern lat pM.. 700 52% 52^ 52%
Colo Southern 2d pfd... 600 22% 22$ 22U
Delaware A Hudson 160
Del, Lack & Western... " ""'vS*
Denver & Rio Grande. "" "" 7k
Denver & K G pfd . 99
g£j e • 4,900 36% 33% 36%
|3« & 5" ™ «K 63<2 64
£.ne _a pia ASV^
Great Northern pfd 400 17S 17s" 177%"
Hocking Valley 400 53 „¦> 52V?
Hocking Valley pfd 100 74« 74Si 74
Illinois Central 1,300 14314 142' 14'u
Iowa Central 371?
Iowa Centra! pfd 400 72" 72" 7»2
Lake Erie & Western... 100 60 60 SO
Lake Brie & W pfd.... 100 128 126 123
Louisville & Nashville.. 2,600 101% 100% 101
Manhattan L 2,500 116% 115% 116%
Metropolitan St Ry 100 16« 366 1S5
Mexican Cer.tral 300 23V- 23U 23%
Mexican National 500 10 " 10 10
Minn & St Lo U i s 600 107 i 4 107 my
Missouri Pacific 10,300 100% 98 100^.
Mo, Kans & Tex 2 5U
Mo, Kans & Tex pfd... 600 52% ~A" 5?
New Jersey Central 300 157 137 158
£"- eW , ,T Ork CentraI 500 15CH4 150 150>A
Norfolk & Western J.5C0 51% 5C% 51%
Norfolk & Western pfd. ... 57
Northern Pacific pfd.... 100 96 96" 96
Ontario & Western 1,200 32% Z1K 3'»i
Pennsylvania 3,300 143 142 ' U2%
Reading 2,400 40V- 39% 4<Hi
Reading 1st pfd 3<Xfc 76'A 76% 76^
g** dln f M ,T M UW 51" 51 51%
St Louis & San Fran... 400 39U 39 s i 39>i
St Louis & S F 1st pfd. 100 7914 79% 78V,
St Louis & S F 2d pfd.. 300 G7% 66% 66%
St Louis Southwestern • ->9
St Louis Southwstn pfd 500 61 60" 61
ft P, aul , ••;• 20,800 158% 156 158%
St Paul pfd 200 1S2% 182% 182%
Southern Pacific 21.600 54% 52»i 54»{
Southern Railway 3.6CO 28% 28% 23
! Southern Railway pfd.. 1,000 84>/- S3 1 /. SW*
Texas & Pacific 4,900 42% 40ll 41%
Toledo St L & West «o
Toledo, St L & W pfd ' z"M
Union Pacific 29,600 95% 93% 93%
Union Pacific pfd 500 89 8SV4 S9
Wabash 700 21U 20% 20%
Wabash pfd 6,800 3S«i 37% 35
Wheeling & L^ka Erie. 300 IS 17% 17%
W & Lake Erie 21 pfd. 200 29 29 29
Wisconsin Central 1.000 20U 19%
Wisconsin Central pfd.. 200 42 40% 40
P C C & St Louis * 7,
Express companies—
Adams j>j t -
American ]"' jg'j
United States ){" 35 «
Wells-Fargo ;,;-* uq
Miscellaneous—
Amalgamated Copper... 3,300 112% 111% n»
Am Car & Foundry.... 900 29 2S% 28';k
Am Car & Foundry pfd S3
Am Linseed Oil '." 25
<Am Linseed Oil pfd sg
Am Smelting & Refln.. 3.200 .1114 ' 56% 51
Am Smelt & Refin pfd. £00 99% ss% 99«i
Am Tobacco 900 132 131 131
Anaconda Min Co 44
Brooklyn Rapid Tran.. 1,000 73% 72% 73(4
Colorado Fuel & Iron 99
Consolidated Gas... 5,000 220 219* '20
Continental Tobacco . . . 200 66 66 "65% ¦
Continental Tobacco pfd . 115 ,
General Electric 300 250% 2J0 250 '
Glucose Sugar 100 i6 65 51
Hocking Coal 33
-International- Paper .... SOO 21% 21V. 21 'i
International Paper pfd 200 76% 76 " 75'!
International Power.... - 500 91% 90 SO
Laclede Gas ,. , 55 •
National Biscuit 1,100 42% «« 41
National Lead 20
National Salt " 41:-
National Salt pfd 1,000 77y> *76*" 75U
North American ¦ 500 S3* 96% %'
Pacific Coast 54
Pacific Mail 4M) 40 39% 39
People's Gas 7,800 110% 108% no?;
Pressed Steel Car 200 41% 4Ui 40
Pressed Steel Car pfd .... ' 831.4
Pullman Palace Car.*: '" 205
Republic Steel 600 19% 19% 19%
Republic Eteel pfd 500 74 73% 74
Sugar ......... 26.800 133% 129% 130%
Tenn Coal A Iron 400 61 60% 60%
Union Bag & Paper ... m
Union Bag & Paper pfd '" 70:'
United States Leather.. 400 13 12% 13
United States Leath pfd 100 79% 79% 79%
United States Rubber : --; i* 2
United States Rub pfd. ino 56 56" 56%
United States Steel . 3S.400 43% 42 4">4*
United States Steel pfd 17,400 92»A 91-% 9?»f
Western Union .. 2,200 92% 91% 9J/4
286.0C0 Shares sold.
CLOSING BONDS.
HJ- 23 ««« reg.....lO7%|N Y Central Ist...J04S,
Vt S Jl ref """P 1C7%|N J Cen gen 5s.. ..129
US 2s reg 108% N Pacific 3s....' 71%
L.SSscoup 108% N Pacific 4s "104
L S new 4s reg 137 N Y C & St L 4 S 107%
U S new 4s coup.. .137 N & W con 4s... lOlit
U S old 4s reg 113 Or Nav lsts.:.? 1C7%
U S old 4s COUD...113 Or Nav 4s... in'ii
U f 5s reg 107% Or S Line 6s...".; 129
Li, 5s coup 107% Or S Line con 5s.:il7%
Dis of Col 3.65s.. ..124 Reading. Gen 4s 95%
Atchison een 103% R G W lsts iniat
Atchlson adj 4s.... 9S % St L & I M con "is 'n^
Canada So 2ds 110. StLiSKemsJ «?
Ches & Ohio 4%s..l07U St Paul con f. . 'ns
Ches & Ohio 5s 120 St P C & P ist» iiw
C & N W con 7s..l33% St P C & P I* -"'lut
C& NWSFdeb 5s.l22^ So *&^f~g£$£
Chicago Term 4s... 93 So Railway 5s 115%
Colorado South 4s. S7% Stand R & T 6s 55'
p & R G 4s ...101 jTexas & Pac lsts..ll8W,
Erie General 4s..... 85% Texas &.Pac 2ds? 98%
?- C & .^, C lst — 104 Union Pac 4s 104%
General Elec 6s. ...200 Wabash lsU ......118%
report had a deDres«ing effect on ' railroad
slocks at the opening, and some sharp declines
were made, particularly In Rock Island, Mls
eouri Paclfle. Union Pacific and Atchlson. The
felling continued pretty general throughout the
first hour, traders offering stocks down more
confidently when grain prices rose strongly.
Trading then lapsed Into semi-stacnation, but
fluctuations were unimportant until the close,
when the (Shorts >iought all around' and lifted
prices substantially above Saturday's close.
This movement was not sufficiently ex-
Plained, but there -was a vague report current
that the eteel tcrike was settled. Large deal
ings were mafie in the United States Steel
etoeks at the opening, the first transactor in
th<» common being SCOO shares at 42 to 42%. The
fact that the strike order was not ' obeyed
in some districts aroused a better feelins to
ward the stock, and it was in pretty fair de
mand throughout the day. Final prices for the
common and preferred were the best and indi
cated net gains respectively of 1% and 2 points.
f ree selling of Sugar attracted some attention
the price dropping 4 points. A report was cur
rent that the president of the company was se
riously ill, and professionals were inclined to
put out short lines on the strength of the
forthcomnig opposition plant. The stock recov
ered 2 points when the illness of Mr. Have
meyer was denied. People's Gas showed no
trace of its recent liquidation and moved
strongly upward, ending 2% points higher,
western Lnion was unusually prominent in the
ate dealings and improved materially. The
late upward movement in the railroad "list car
ried a number of stocks up from 1 to 2V~ above
the early low prices, with the Improvement
most pronounced in Missouri Pacific Union
Paclfle, Southern Pacific. St. Paul and
Atchieon. The closing was fairly active and
strong.
The bond irarket was'- quiet to-day, but few
changes of Importance being made. Total
taies, fl.llD.COO.
the n ia«t ca'u^ 5 hOn<is were a11 unchanged on
Sterling Exchange. 60 days — U 86
Sterling Exchange. Eight — 4 g$%
Sterling Cables _ ' 4 ggtl
New York Exchange, sight — C5
New York Echange, telegraphic — 07%
Silver, per ounce ; 55%
Mexican Dollars, nominal 47 @ 4/%
Exchange and Bullion.
NEW YORK, Aug. 12.— Money on call closed
steady at 2@2% per cent; last loan, 2 per cent.
Prime mercantile paper. 4%@5 per cent Ster
ling exchange was steady, with actual busi
ness in bankers' bills at $4 87%@4 S7"i for de
mand and at $4 85%@4 85% for sixty days.
Posted rates, $4 S6@4 S6% and $4 8S%@4 89 Com
mercial bills. Si 84@4 85. Bar silver, 58%c
Mexican dollars. 46c. Government bonds
steady; railroad bonds, irregular; State bonds
steady.
New York Money Market.
PITTSBURG, Aug. 12.— The Earl Fruit Com
pany to-day sold California fruit here at auc
tion, and realized the following prices: Pears —
Bartlett3, boxes, ?2iS2 15. average $2 11. Peaches
—Sugar, boxes, average $1 20. Plums—Vic
torias, single crates, $1 10@l 25, average $1 1.").
Prunes — Fellenberg, single crates, $1 33®1 50,
average $1 37; German, single crates. $1 23<S
1 3~>, average $1 27; Gros, single crates, $1 30(3:
1 50. average $1 37; Hungarian, single crates,
$1 3(XS1 45. average $1 32: Silver, single crates,
$1(51 10 , average $1 07. Three cars sold to-day.
Weather favorable.
PHILADELPHIA. Aug. 12.— The Earl Fruit
Company sold California fruit here to-day,
realizing the following . prjees: Pears—Bart
letts, boxes, $1 60^2 30, average $2 16. Plums—
Kelsey Japans, single crates, average . $1 35;
Yellow Egg, single, crates, average $1 10.
Prunes — Gros. single crates. $1 70©l 80. aver
age $177; Silver, single crates, averagei . $1 20.
Two cars sold to-day. "Weather wet and un
favorable. S .. ._ 1 .. . ;
Car from Vacaville: Peaches— Susquehanna,
average $1 boxes; Seller, $1 10@l 20, average
SI 19 boxes. Plums — Robe de Sargent, average
$1 single crates; Duke, average ?2 40 single
crates. Prunes — Hungarian, average $1 20 sin
gle crates. Pears— Bartletts, $2 15@2 35, aver
age $2 31 boxes. Grapes— Muscat, . $1 35@2 03,
average $1 56 single crates. 735 packages
grossed -. $1155.
Car from' Mayfield: Peaches— Average 70c
box; Late Crawford, $1 05*11 10, average $1 07
boxes. Plums— Yellow Egg, $1@1 25, average
$1 13 single crates; Purple Duane. 70@S5c. aver
age 79c single crates; Bradshaw, average 83c
single crates; Victoria, average $1 45 single
crates; Columbia, average $120 -single
crates. Prunes— Gros, average $1 40 single
crates; Hungarian, average $1 35 single crates;
Silver, $1 15#1 25, average $1 19 single crates;
German, average $1 SO single crates. Pears —
Bartletts. $2 20®2 40, average $2 28 boxes... * .
NEW YORK, Aug. 12.— Porter Bros. Com
pany's sales California Fruit— car from Sacra
mento: Plums— Kelaey Janan, average $1 10
single crate. Prunes — Giant, average $1 65 sin
gle crate; Gros, $1 10@l 53, average $1 54 single
crate; Silver, $1 10@l 15, average $1 08 single
crate. Plums— $1 15@1 20, average $1 19 single
crate. Pears— Bartlett. $1 6C©1 90, average
$1 81. Gross ¦ sales, $1180. Car from Sacra
mento: Prunes— Gros, $1 30@l 50, average $1 46
single crate: Silver, $1@1 15, average $1 13 sin
gle crate; Italian, average $2 15 single crate;
Fellenberg, average $1 55 single crate. Pears —
Bartlett, $2 10@2 20, average $2 IS box. Six
hundred and fifty-one packages grossed $1150.
Car from Suisun: Prunes — Silver. 90c@$l, aver
age 99c single crate. Pears— Bartletts, $2 15
@2 30, average $2 21 .box. -Five hundred and
eighty packages grossed $1040. Car from Win
ters: Pears— Bartlett, $2@2 05, average $2 01
box. Car from Vacaville: Peaches — Susque
hanna, 75cS$l 13, average $1 08 box; China, av
erage 80c box. Plums— Kelsey Jarmn, SOSSoc,
average S2c single crate; Yellow Egg, S0@90c,
average 81c single crate. Nectarines— 75@90c,
average S5e single- crate. Prunes — Gros, aver
age $1 40 single crate; Hungarian, $1 35<S"1 SO,
average $1 70 single crate. Pears— Bartletts,
average $1 90 . box; half . box, average 85c.
Grapes— Tokay, $1 95©2 55, average $2 18 single
crate. Gross sales, $US0. Car from Hookston:
Pears— Bartlett, $2 10(92 15, average $2 13 box:
half box, 95c@$I. . average 9Sc. Gross sales.
$985 Car from Sacramento: Prunes — Gros, $1 30
@1 65, average $1 49 single crate; Silver, aver
age $1 single crate; Fellenberg. $2 20@2 35, av
erage f 2 21 single crate. Pears— Bartlett. $1 45
Oil 95. average $1 87 box. Six hundred and
fifty-one packages grossed $1045.
Eighteen cars sold to-day. Weather pleasant.
Car from Sacramento: Pears— Bartlett, $1 20@
1 30, average $1 74 box; half box 70@75c. aver
age 72c. Peaches— Early Crawford, $1 05®l 20,
average $1 OS box. Prunes — Silver 75c@$l 10,
average 91c single crate; German. $1 30®l 55,
average $1 47 single crate ; Gros $1 10@l 55, av
erage $1 27. single crate. Plums— Yellow Egg,
average $1 25 single crate: Kelsey Japan, av
erage 75c single crate; 63S packages grossed
$900.
Car from Winters: Pears — Bart'.ett, $1 75@
1 80, average $1 77 box; half box average $1.
Peaches— Crawford, average $1 box. Grapes —
Tokay, • $2 25@3 50. average $2 60 single crate;
Rose de Peru, average 55c single crate. Gros3
sale $1030.
Car from Suisun:. Pears— Bartlett, $1 75@1 90;
average $1 87 box"; Seckle, average S5c half
box. Peaches— Crawford, average 95c box:
Susquehanna, average 90c box. Plums— Yellow
Egg, 75©90c, average 78c single crate; Colum
bia, average SDc single crate. Red nectarines-
Average 65c single crate; 729 packages grossed
$800. 1 ¦ . . '
Car from Hookston: Pears— Bartlett, $1 60(^2,
average $1 78 box; Beaurre Clairgeau, average
H 45. .Prunes— Gros. 95c@Sl 30, average $1 19
single crate; 650 packages grossed $930.
Car from Suisun: Pears— Bartlett. $1 55®
1 SO, average $1 74 box. Prunes — Silver, 75<g>90c.
average S7c single crate; 5S0 packages grossed
$S35.
Car from Sacramento: Prunes-rSilver. 80@
9Ce, average -88c single crate; Gros, $1 45@1 70,
average $1 £0 single crate; Bulgarian, average
$1 50 single crate. White Nectarines, average
$1 75 single crate. Pears— Seckle, $1@1 25, aver
age tl 21 half box.
CHICAGO, Aug. 12.— Earl . Fruit Company
sales of California fruit: Pears— Bartlett, $1 50
<g2 20, average 92c box. Peaches— Early Craw
ford Stephen, 15@70c, average 55c single crate;
Foster, $1@1 05, average $1 03. in Stephen's
single crates. Grapes— Malaga. $1 70@2 15, aver
age $1 76 single crate; Malaga Cluster, $2 25©
2 90, average $2 48 single crate. Prunes— Gros,
$1 10@l 50, average $1 28 single crate; Hungar
ian," average $1 50" single crate; Barry, average
$1 35 single crate. Plums— Columbia, 45c@$l 05,
average 98c single crate; Bradshaw, 65ff?70c,
average 66c single crate. Peaches— Early Craw
ford. 70@85c. average 81c box. '
Porter Bros. Company sales:
Car from Suisun: Pears— Bartlett, $1 5502 10,
average $196 box: 480 packages grossed $940.
Car from San Jose: Pears— Bartlett, ?1 40@
1 SO box; 4S0 packages grossed $775.
Car from Sacramento: Pears— Bartlett, $1 70
©2 15, average $2 05 box; 480 packages grossed
$S85.
•LOCAL MARKETS.,
California Fruit Scales,
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. Aug. 12.— WHEAT— Quiet and
steady; blue stem, 57c; club. 66%c.
PORTLAND, Aug. 12.— WHEAT — Walla
Walla, 57@57%c: blue stem, 59c.
OREGON.
Northern Wheat Market.
Afternoon Session.
Board—
5 California Fruit Canners' 96 00
50 Equitable Gas 3 37%
25 Har.a Plantation Co 6 37%
$3000 Hawaiian C & S Co as, s 10 100 25
125 Honokaa S Co 13 00
150 Hutchinson S P Co, s 90 16 CO
50 Hutchinson S P Co 16 00 •
10 Kiiauea S P Co 16 25
75 Kiiauea S P Co.... 16 CO
$1000 Oakland Water 5s «....1O2 50
25 S F Gas & Electric Co 41 2» !
75 S F Gas & Electric Co 41 00
5 S F Gas & Electric Co 40 S7%
125 S F Gas & Electric Co 40 75
200 S F Gas & Electric Co 40 ?.»
165 S F Gas & Electric Co 40 62%
$3000 S P Branch Ry 6s 138 37' 3
$20CO S P of A bonds (1910) 113 37%
40 Spring Valley Water ;... 85 00
Street—
2 German Savings & Loan'.. 1SS0 CO
67 First National Bank 306 00
200 Onomea Sugar Co i 23 00
PRODUCERS* OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
Board —
5 Hanford '. ICO Ci
600 Junction 17
10 Peerless 575
1C0 San Jcaquin Oil & Dev 8 ro
400 Sovereign 27
300 Twenty-Eight 130
Afternoon Session.
Board —
12 Bay City 2;
0 Hanford, b 30 ...102 CO
5 Hanford 93 0f»
ICO Junction jg
100 Monarch of Arizona 22
100 Peerless 5 $71
100 Sterling 1 So',
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales in the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morninsr Session.
200 Con Cal & Va.. 2 051 200 Sierra Nevada. 14
500 Potosi 05| 400 Yellow Jacket.. 30
Afternoon Session.
200 Caledonia 30 1200 Sierra Nevada. 15
100 Confidence 140 200 Union Con it
300 Crown Point... 11 100 Yellow Jacket. 31
500 Mexican 13 200 Yellow Jacket. 33
100 Ophir 85 1300 Yellow Jacket. 33
10O Overman 13
Following were the sales In the Pacific Stock
Exchange yesterday:
• " » Morning Session.
600 Andes ....03", 200 Hale & Norcrs. 2*>
500 Beat & Belcher 15| 9CO Ophir .... S3
300 Best. & Belcher 14 30O Ophir 84
300 Caledonia 30 300 Sierra Nevada. II
200 Challenge Con. 35 300 Silver Hill 30
100 Con Cal & Va..2 00 .500 Yellow Jacket 2;>
100 Confidence 130 200 Yellow Jacket. 30
40O Hale & Norcrs. 30
» Afternoon. Session.
500 Belcher 07 500 Sierra Nevada. 13
600 Best & Belcher 13 200 Silver Hill 35
300 Challenge Con. 35 SOO Union Con 14
JOCO Con Imperial... 02 3C0 Union Con IS
200 Hale & Norcrs. 30 SCO Utah 07
200 Mexican 16 4C0 Yellow Jacket. 30
200 Mexican 17 500 Yellow. Jacket. 31
100 Ophir So 400 Yellow Jacket. 32
500 Sierra Nevada. . 14! SCO Yellow Jacket. 33
Morning Session.
Board—
50 Equitable Gas 5 ST'A
60 Hutchinson S P Co 16 23
100 Hutchinson S P Co 16 12*i
40 Kiiauea S P Co 16 2i>
$1000 Los Ange!es Ry 5s 116 (X)
325 Paauhau S P Co 17 CO
50 S F Gas & Electric Co 41 Z.0
35 Spring Valley .Water S5 12!i
200 Spring Valley Water 85 00
$2008 Spring Valley 4s (2d mtge) 102 73
$2000 Spring Valley 4s (2d mtge).. 102 62%
Street—
9 Bank of California 405 0O
$10,000 Bay Counties Power Co os 106 25
STOCK AND' BOND EXCHANGE.
MONDAY. Aug. 12—2 p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask. I BId.Ask.
?s quar coup... 113 113% 4s qr cp (n«w>.137 13S
4s quar r«g 112 113% 3s quar coup...l0S%10S?i
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.'
Bay C P C 58.106% — Oceanic SS 59.101%103
Cal-st 6s 117H— Omnibus C 6s. 131 —
C C Water 5s. 107% — Pac G Imp 4s. — 100
Ed L & P 6s..l2^%133% Fk & Cl H 83.108 —
Fer A Cl R 6s. 117% — Pk & O R 6s. 117 —
Geary-st 5s — — Powll-st R 6s. 120 —
H C & S 5%s..lC6ti - Sac E G R 5a. 95 -
Do 5s — — S F & SJV 5s.l21 —
Loa Ang R5s.n9 — Sierra Cal 6s.. — 110
L A Light 63..IOIU — S P of A «»
Do gntd 6s. .100 — (1909) 112VJ. —
Do gntd 5s. .102%— (1910) U3'i —
L A & Pac Ss.lOl 103 S P of C 8s
Do 1 c m 5s.lO2»; — (1905). Ser A. — 10914
Mkt-st Cab 6a.l27% — (1905), Ser B.110 —
Do 1 c m os.124 — (1306) 112U1U
Nev C N G 7s. 105 114 (1912) 12C% —
Nor R Cal 6s.. 111% — S P of Cal 1st
Do 5s 119^4— c gntd 5s 107 —
Nor Pac C 6s.l01%104 S P Br Cal 6s.l36H —
Do 53 105 - IS V Water 6s. 114 —
Nor R Cal 5s. 110 113 Do 4s 102 s '» —
Oak Gas 5s 112% — Do 43 3d mtij.101% —
Do Trans 6s.H3%119% Stktn Gas 6a.. — —
Do Water 5s. -r- — I
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa.. 76 — [Spring Valley. 84 35
Marln County. 50 — I
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L. & P... 4 5 Pac Light — —
Equitable 5!i 5% Sacramento ... — —
Mutual 5% 6% S F G & E.... 40% 41
Oakland 51 — San Francisco. 4^4 4%
Pac Gas Imp.. — 42 Stktn G & E.. S —
INSURANCE.
Firem's Fund. — 247 I
BANKS.
Anglo-Cal' .... — 81 LP&A 153 160
California ....404 406 Mer Ex (llq).. 16 —
Cal Safe Dep.107% — S F National. 127% —
First Nat S F.3C5 312
SAVINGS BANKS.
German 1870 1900 Sav & Loan... — —
Humboldt — — Security 275 —
Mutual Sav 52 — Union Trust.. 1600 —
San Francisco.520 —
STREET RAILROADS.
California 130 134 O S L& H.... 40 —
Geary — 50 : Presidio — 40
Market — 80
POWDER.
Giant 76 77 IVlgorit 3 314
SUGAR.
Hana — — Kllauea 16 I614
Hawaiian — 52 Makaweli 23% 30%
Honokaa 15 lo'i Onomea ....... 23 —
Hutchinson ... 16 16% Paauhau 16% 17/i
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska .Pack. .129 130 Oceanic S Co.. 45% 47
Cal Fruit Can. 55 — Pac Aux F A. 2 —
Cal Wine Asn. — 100 Pac C Borax.. 165 —
Mer Ex 110 — Par Paint 16 —
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— . - Sept. ; Dec.
Opening 5 9'a ¦ 6 10%
Closing 5 9V» 5 10%
PARIS.
Wheat — Aug. Nov. -Feb.
Opening .....22 60 23 65
Closing .....: 22 70 23 70
Flour— ..
Opening .28 65 29 95
Closing 28 63 30 00
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND, Or>; Aug. 12.— Clearings, $443,
.1.12; balances, $76,830. ,J
Silver lower. Exchange unchanged.
Wheat higher and excited in the East.
Corn advanced again at Chicago.
Other cereals as before quoted.
Hay in better receipt. Corn products higher.
Beans continue to advance under a brisk demand.
Potatoes and Onions firm and wanted for shipment.
Vegetables in good supply and easy.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs in moderate supply and steady.
Two cars of Eastern Poultry in. Some Doves arrived.
Fresh Fruits about as before quoted.
Lemons lower under larger arrivals.
Dried Fruits still firm and in demand.
Provisions well held, but quiet.
Local packers reduce their bids for Hogs.
Nothing new on the local stock exchanges.'
SUMMARY QF THE MARKETS.
" On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butte
market was steady; Creameries. 14%@2n%c
Dairies, 13<S17c; Cheese, 0%«T10%c; Eggs
steady; fresh, 14@14iie
Iowa Cen lsts 115% Wabash 2ds .. 110U
it & *\ u ni 4s 101% West Shore 4s ....112%
JJ K4 T 2ds 81 Wis Cen lsts....... 87%
II K & T.4s 98 Va Centuries 94i,i
MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 25 Little Chief ....... 12
AUce 43 Ontario 185
Breece 40 Ophir 75
Brunswick Con ... 03 Phoenix "OS
Comstock Tunnel.. 06 Potosi 04
Con Cal & Va.... 1 90 Savage 03
Horn Silver 1 75 Sierra Nevada .... OS
Iron Silver 57 Small Hopes 50
Leadville Con 06 Standard .3 30
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— Union Pacific .....' 95%
Call loans. 3%@4 West Eitf 96
Time loans 4@5 Bonds —
Stocks— Atchison 4s 102
A T & S F < 72^ NE Gas&Coke 5s. 51%
A T & S F pfd.... 94% Mining Shares-
American Sugar ..130% Adventure ......... 23VJ
Bell Telephone ....160 Aliouez Min Co.... 41
Boston & Albany.. 256 Amal Copper 112
Boston Elevated ..178 Atlantic 35
Boston & Maine -.192% Cal & Hecla ;..710
Dominion Coal ... 38 Centennial 26%
Dem Coal nfd ...116 Franklin 17
Federal Steel 43Vi Humboldt 25
Federal Steel pfd. 92«, Osceola 96%
Fitchburg pfd 144% Parrot 60
General Elec 250 Qulncy .170
Ed Elec 111 250 Santa' Fe Copper.. 6
Mexican Cen 23Vi Tamarack 3«
N E Gas & Coke.. 5% Utah Mining 28%
Old Colony .... 208 Wlnona 2%
Old Dominion .... 30 Wolverines 63
i LIVERPOOL. Aug. 12.— Wheat, firm; No. 1
standard California. 6s td@6s W 2 A; wheat in
Paris, firm; flour in Paris, firm; French coun
try markets, qniet and steady; weather in
England, unsettled.
COTTON— Uplands, 4 7-16d> ' ¦ ' -
CLOSING.
LONDON, Aug. 12.— Consols, 84Vi! silver,
26 13-16d; French '; rentes, • lOlf 45c; cargoes on
passage," less offering; cargoes Walla Walla,
2Ss ,9d; English country markets, quiet and
steady;- import Into" United Kingdom,' wheat,
352,000; import Into United "Kingdom, flour.
265,000; wheat and. flour on passage to United
Kingdom, 3,040,000; wheat and flour on passage
to Continent. 1,730,000; Indian shipments wheat
to United Kingdom, 75.000; Indian shipments
wheat to Continent, 6000.
Foreign Markets.
NEW." YORK, Aug. 12.— Cotton— Futures
closed quiet, 1 to 3 points lower,
New York Cotton Market.
Articles— • Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, 'barrels.........;...,.. 20.000 16,000
Wheat, bushels ....2SS.0OO. 451,000
Corn, bushels ....163.0O.1 lSl.OOD
Oats, « bushels ...448.000" 194,000
Rye, bushels 23,000 •' 11,000
Barley,, bushels.:...... 11,000 3,000
No.<2 Corn,.69%c: No. 2 Yellow, 59H@60c; No. 3
Oats, 37@37^c ; No. \ 2 White S9@39^c ; Mo. : 3
White. 34@34%c; No. 2 Rye 59%@60c: good
feeding Barley, 60@61c if air to choice malting,
63@64c; No. 1 Flax Seed -$165; -No. 1 North
western.Jl 65; prime Timothy Seed, $5 70; Mess
Pork, per bbl, $14 05@l4 10- Lard, per 100 lbs.
$8 72%@8 75! Short Ribs sides (loose). $7 83@3;
Dry Salted. Shoulders- (boxed) ¦ • 7%©7»4c i Short
Clear Sides (boxed). $8 -30(5)8 40; Yv'hisky, basis
high wines. $1 29; Clover, contract grade, $10 25.
There is nothing new. The demand for new
fruit continues good, both here and in the
East. : ,
FRUITS— Apricots. 7%@10c for new Royals
and 7%c to 14c for standard to fancy Moor
parks: new Evaporated Apples, 6@7c; new
Peaches, 5%^7c for future delivery; Pears. 4®
Sc; Plums, pitted. 3@5c: unpitted. l@l%c; Nec
tarines. 4@4%c for red and 4@5c for white.
PRUNES— The association has withdrawn
quotations and will sell no more at present. ,
RAISINS— The Raisin Growers' Association
quotes the following prices: Bleached
Thompson's fancy. 12c per lb; choice. lie;
standard, 10c; prime. 9c; unbleached Thomp
son's, 9c per lb." Sultanas— Fancy. 10}ic per lb;
choice. 9%c; standard, S%c; prime, 1 8c; un
bleached Sultanas, Sc; Seedless, 50-Ib boxes,
6%c; 4-crown, 7c ; 3-crown, 6}ic; 2-crown. Sc;
Pacific brand — 2-crown. 5c; 3-crown. 5Vic, and
4-crown. 5V&c; seeded (Fresno prices), 6c; Lon
don Layers, 2-crown. $1 50 per box; 3-crown,
$1 60; Fancy Clusters. $2; Dehesa, $2 50; Impe
rials. {3. All prices f. o. b. at common ship
ping points in California.
NUTS-Walnuts. No. 1 softshell. 12@12VJc; No.
2. 8«S%c; No. 1 hardshell. 10@10%c; No. 2. S%@
7%c; Almonds, 13(f?14c for paper-shell, 10@llc for
softshell and 5@6c for hardshell: Peanuts. 5@
7c for Eastern; Brazil Nuts. 12@12^c; Filberts."
12«?12Hc: Pecans. ll(S13c; Cocoanuts, $3 50@3.
HONEY— Comb. ll@12c for bright and 9®10c
for light amber; water white extracted. oV.<3.6c;
light amber extracted. 4%@5c; dark, 3V6@H4c.
BEESWAX— 25(@2Sc per lb.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
MELONS— Nutmegs, 25(Q60c per box: Can
taloupes, 40©50c per half crate and 75c@$l 25
per large crate; Watermelons. 6*£25c apiece.
GRAPES-^-Fontainebleau and Sweetwater. 40@
75c per box; Tokay, per crate: Muscat. $Oc«$
$1: Seedless, 75@S5c; Black, 50<§S5c; Isabella,
75(g95c.
CITRUS FRUITS— Oranges, S2^)4: Lem
ons, $1 25(52 25 for common and $2 50^3 50 for
good to choice: Grape Fruit. 50e<5$l 50; Mexi
can Limes, $7 50f?8; Bananas, $1@2 per bunch;
Pineapples, |1 50@2 50 per dozen.
PEARS— Bartletts. $1@1 25 per box for No. 1.
25<g75c for No. 2 and |30@35 per ton: other
Pears, 25<gi35c per box
STRAWBERRIES- $4«6 per chest for Long
•svorths and $3 50<??4 50 for large berries.,
BLACKBERRIES— $3@4 50 per chest.
LOGAN BERRIES, per chest.
RASPBERRIES— $5©7 per chest.
HUCKLEBERRIES— 6<g8c per lb.
FIGS— Black, 50c@$l per box for single and
for double layers; White, 35<g75c. — • •
PEACHES— 25<35Cc per box and 15@35c per
basket and $lo@25 per ton for Frees and $35@45
for Clings; Peaches In carriers. 35@73c, accord
ing to size of carrier.
NECTARINES— White. 40c per box; : Red,
40075c. -
. PLUMS— 2c @ 50c per box; Prunes. 50@75c per
crate: Green Gages. $17 50@20 per ton; Eg<
Plums, $15®"0. -
APPLES— 75c®$l 25 per box for good to cholca
and 40@60c for ordinary.
APRICOTS— 25«335c per small and 75c@Sl per
large box; in bulk, $2O@3O per ton,
CRABAPPLES— 40c@$l- per- dox. according to
package.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS,
Lemons were lower, as receipts are heavier
than for a month.' the sharp advance having
called them In. Other citrus fruits are un
changed, v • ,• ¦ •
change. Grapes were In fair supply and quiet.
BerrM were generally firm. *
rants closed at 53s Sd and Mlddlesboro at 45s 94
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,, TUESDAY, AUGUST 13, 1901.
Foreign Futures.
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL
8
STATIONS.
Astoria
Baker ;
Carson
Eureka.'.
Fresno
Flagstaff
Pocatello. Idaho.
Independence
Los Angeles
Phoenix
Portland
Red Bluff
Rose burg .....
Sacramento
Salt Lake
San Francisco...
Fan Luis Obispo.
San Diego
Seattle
Fpokane
Ne&h Ba*'
Walla Walla
AVicnemucca
Tunja
= 220 2 *3
5 r= =2 3-2. . »• ?£
IrilMp ft£|s
...30.CS TO 54 NW Clear
...29.92 S6 52 NW Clear
....29. $4 n 56 W Clear
...-23.9S CO 48 NW Clear
....23.70 108 74 NW Clear
...2?. PS M 54 W Cloudy .64
I...23.S2 S6 52 JCW Clear
....29.66 9S 70 S Pt.Cldy ..
....23.S6 S6 €0 SW Clear
....29.72 1C2 72 SW Clear
....29.92 S4 54 NW Clear
... .29.68 108 78 SE Clear
-..7t.V2 f.S SO XE Clear
...29.72 100 66 SW Clear
....29.W) SS 60 NW Clear
...29.S6 62 52 SW Clear
(...23.90 78 .'4 S Clear
... .29.54 72 64 SW Clear
...30.10 7S 52 NW Clear
...29.94 88 56 SW Clear
... .30.14 66 34 NW Clear
...29.S2 S2 62 S Clear
....1-9.7X J>2 54 W Clear
...Z3.H 100 S2 W Clear
STATIONS.
Astoria
Baker ;
Carson
Eureka.'.
Fresno
Flagstaff
Pocatello. Idaho.
Independence
Los Angeles
Phoenix
Portland
Red Bluff
Rose burg .....
Sacramento
Salt Lake
San Francisco...
Fan Luis Obispo.
San Diego
Seattle
Fpokane
Ne&h Ba*'
Walla Walla
AVicnemucca
Tunja
= 220 2 *3
5 r= =2 3-2. . »• ?£
IrilMp ft£|s
...30.CS TO 54 NW Clear
...29.92 S6 52 NW Clear
....29. $4 n 56 W Clear
...-23.9S CO 48 NW Clear
....23.70 108 74 NW Clear
...2?. PS M 54 W Cloudy .64
I...23.S2 S6 52 JCW Clear
....29.66 9S 70 S Pt.Cldy ..
....23.S6 S6 €0 SW Clear
....29.72 1C2 72 SW Clear
....29.92 S4 54 NW Clear
... .29.68 108 78 SE Clear
-..7t.V2 f.S SO XE Clear
...29.72 100 66 SW Clear
....29.W) SS 60 NW Clear
...29.S6 62 52 SW Clear
(...23.90 78 .'4 S Clear
... .29.54 72 64 SW Clear
...30.10 7S 52 NW Clear
...29.94 88 56 SW Clear
... .30.14 66 34 NW Clear
...29.S2 S2 62 S Clear
....1-9.7X J>2 54 W Clear
...Z3.H 100 S2 W Clear
AUCTION SALES
NEXT THURSDAY, Aug. 15.
I "Will Sell About
THIRTY STANDARD-BRED TROTTING
HORSES FROM THE FAMOUS PALO
ALTO STOCK FARM,
Comprising sons and daughters of Azmoor Dex-
ter Prince. Mendoclno. WHdnut and Altlvo. out
of grandly bred speed producing mares; broth-
ers and sisters to El Rami. 2:14; Local. 2:13'^;
Oeste. 2:20%; Mary Osborne, 2:2S>i, etc. AH
well broken, young and very promising; a hand-
somer lot of fine roadsters and pure galted trot-
ters has never been offered at auction in this
city. Horses at Salesyard, August 12th. Send
for catalogue.
OCCIDENTAL HORSE EXCHANGE.
721 Howard street, near Third.
• "VVM. G. LAYNG. Auctioneer."Mrs. Dane's Deience" began Its second
week at the Columbia Theater last even
ing. There was the usual large attend
ance. Miss Anglin received numerous cur
tain calls for, her excellent acting of the
leading part. There will be a matinee on
Saturday and the last performance of the
play will be given on Saturday evening.
On Monday night Daniel Frohman's com
pany, headed by Hilda Spong, will pre
sent R. C. • Carton's latest play, entitled
"Lady Huntworih's Experiment."
Columbia.
• The first regiment of the uniform rank
will go into camp on the 21st of Septem
ber. The regiment, commanded by Colo
nel J. .W. Kidd, will enjoy military life
for several days.
Live ; Oak , Lodge of . Oakland . has : com
pleted : all ¦ arrangements for the anni
versary dinner to be given this week. .
On August 17 Pluto Lodge of St. Helena
will ¦ pay a fraternal visit to Friendship
Lodge of Healdsburg. ;' ¦
Eureka ¦ Lodge on I the night of August
21; will { have a soiree and I dance in the
Pythian ' Castle. . . -
Knights of Pythias.
Among the clever entertainers at the
Olympia this week are Annie Morris, coon
shouter; Dilges, the French aerlallst;
Kalacratus, the novelty juggler, and lone,
who produces beautiful poses plastlque.
Olympia.
James Neill la adding to his fame and
popularity by his artistic impersonation
of James Clarence in "The Royal Box,"
now being produced at the California.
Frank McVicars, as the Prince of Wales,
and Edythe Chapman, in her graceful
part as Cella Bryse, are also accorded
the warm approval of the audience.
"Barbara Frietchie" will be renewed at
the California next week.
California.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
. ' 1U8 Broadway, Aug. 12.
A matrimonial .tangle of years'. standing,
was unsnarled by Judge Ellsworth this
morning when he decided 'that the sup
posed widow of the late j James Johnson'
was entitled to keep property sued for by
the Public Administrator, on the ground
that she was never legally married to the
deceased.
Mrs. Johnson— or, as she Is now entitled
to call' herself,, Mrs. Helen A.' Edgar
testified that she supposed: herself to be
the legal wife of Johnson until in 1897,
when she learned that the supposed wife
of Rev. B.F.: Huddelspn, then president
of the American • Protective , Association,
was adjudged to be Mrs. James A. John
son. She discovered that- this first I wife
had been married by her supposed hus
band in 1872 and had been abandoned by
him. Mrs. * Johnson No. 1 married Hud
delsori in 1885, -and in 1897 sued him ' for
maintenance, which was denied . her on
the ground that her second marriage was
void as she' had never been released from
the first one. . ;•;.;¦' . ;
The Public Administrator sued . Mr3.
Edgar for $600, which he. claimed as'com
munity property, belonging jointly to her
self and Johnson. . • • ; • •
\ George N. Tyler, the ' Alameda florist,
whose wife is suing . him. for a . divorce, 1
has ; employed an : attorney to defend the
suit." He denies the accusations of cruelty
brought in -Mrs. Tyler's complaint. * •:
In v the divorce suit of Mary, E. Barrett
The best show that has ever been put
upon the Orpheum stage is running this
week. That Is saying a good deal for tha
Orpheum, but nevertheless it is a fact.
Every' number is a gem; every performer
a star. The newcomers are just as good
as the holdovers and the combination is
singularly happy this time. Charles H.
Bradshaw and his clever company in the
mother-in-law comedy, keep the house in
a continuous cascade of laughter. Re
marc and Riley, grotesque acrobats, do
an act that is as novel as it is bloodcurd
ling. The. holdovers. Hill apd Silviany, the
statuesque Alexandra Dagmar, Mr. and
Mrs. Alfred Kelcy, the Standard Quartet,
the Molasso-Salvaggl troupe and Os
car P. Sisson, Ester Wallace and com
pany'make up an entertainment that will
not be equaled m many and many a moon.
Orpheum.
Suit Develops Story of
Misguided Wives and ,
Husbands.
The Chutes has a good bill for its pat
rons this week. Memphis Kennedy pre
sents a comedy musical act which keeps
the audience in good humor, Reynard, the
ventriloquist, introduces several new
talking figures: June Mathis gives some
clever imitations of popular actresses.
Other good numbers are Levy and Parent
In songs and dances, Irving Jones, the
colored song writer, and new moving pic
tures.
Chutes.
COURT UNRAVELS
MARITAL TANGLE
Deputy Grand Guardian Mrs. Annie D.
Staneart has installed the following
named as the officers of ; Redwood Circle
of the Women of Woodcraft for the cur
rent term: Mrs. M. E. Schweinhard, P. G.
N. ; Mrs. Abbie E. Richardson, G. N •
Mrs. Marie E. McMahon, A.; : Mrs.E. F
Blangy, G.;' Mrs. Annie E. Cornehl C.-
Mrs. Ruth R. Meadows, .A.; Mrs. Louise
A. Derrick. M.; Miss C. A. Wehr, C. of
G.; Mrs. M. H. Casey, O. S.; Mrs. D. M.
Lay, I. S.; Mrs. Edith Delaney, Fred C.
Russell and Mrs. Anna D. Foster man
agers; Dr. A. D. McLean, Dr. M. E. Von
Meter and Dr. Caroline Yetter, physicians ;
Mrs. Emma Newman, musician. After
the installation Dr. McLean, on behalf of
the circle, presented Mrs. Schweinhard,
retiring guardian • neighbor, a handsome
Jewel of her rank in the order In recogni
tion-of her faithful services to the circle
After the business of the evening there
was a, social hour and ice . cream, which
had been prepared by the young ladies of
the circle and which was enjoyed by all.
including 1 members' of Golden Gate and
California circles. Redwood Circle has
Just closed a most successful term, hav
ing added to Its -membership until there
are now nearly 250 names on the roll,
with a number of applications to be acted
upon. / :-..;¦
Women of Woodcraft. -
lin, the cornet solist, scored a hit, and
Maude Still, the clever singing and danc
ing soubrette, sang the latest coon songs,
Dutch Walton, musical comedian, played
upon several novel instruments; Ouhama,
the Japanese juggler, gave a clever Ori
ental exhibition, and Seymour and Hill,
acrobatic comedians, . and Jones and
Brown, colored fun-makers, completed the
programme. Hinrichs' orchestra was up
to Its usual excellent standard.
against Ezra Barrett the default of the
defendant has been entered.
Henry. Arthur Jones' comedy, "The
Liars." was presented last evening by the
Frawley company before a large audience
that keenly enjoyed the charming play.
The honors of the evening were won by
E. J. Morgan In his original role of Ed
ward Faulkner, who in his blind love for
a married woman Is ready to sacrifice all.
Morgan's intense acting carried the audi
ence away and he was accorded well de
served plaudits. Frawley essayed the. role
of Sir Christopher Deering, but his rendi
tion of the role was colorless when con
trasted with the superb work of Morgan.
Mary Van Buren was cast for Lady Jes
sica, and only served to revive the de
lightful memories of Margaret Anglin in
the character. Where Miss Anglin was
sweetly sympathetic and . natural Miss
Van Buren is theatrical. Harrington Rey
nolds was altogether wildly melodramatic
in the role of Lady Jessica's spouse. The
balance of the cast was hardly up to the
requirements of the play. They lacked in
the finesse that is characteristic of aris
tocratic English society.
Grand Opera House.
Daughters of Liberty.
A melon party will be given In Laurel
Hall of Shiels building August 21 by Cali
fornia Council No. 1. Daughter of Liberty.'
This popular council has made a name for
itself In the -way of novel entertainments,
and the one on tapis will without a doubt
help to maintain its standard.
The author's train of thought is- a con
struction train.
At the fourteenth Grand Assembly of
the Toung Men's Catholic Union, held in
Loyola Hall last week, the reports showed
that the organization is in a flourishing
condition. The twenty-five representa
tives present took an active part in the
proceedings for the advancement of the
order. There was a net gain of sixty-six
members during the year, and the finan
cial statements read showed that during
that period there had been paid to widows
snd orphans $1127 and for sick and funeral
.-' V^nefits $4344. The following named were
I.ected grand officers for the current
term: The Rev. Joseph F. Byrnes. chap-
Iain; E. P. McAuliffe. president; M. Fitz
gerald and E. F. Slattery, vice presi
dents; Samuel Haskine. secretary; James
English, treasurer; J. Brennan. marshal-
W. H. Phil pott, inside sentinel; William
Mciia, outside sentinel; J. J. Powers
D. F. Ahearn. T. J. O'Brien. J. E. Martin
end W. C. Billington. trustees. After in
stallation Grand President McAuliffe ex
pressed satisfaction with the condition of
the organization and confidence In its fu
ture work on the lines it has pursued in
the past.
Catholic Union.
The hearts of the patrons of the Cen
tral Theater overflowed with delight last
night at the exciting and tense situations
of the melodrama, "The Great Diamond
Robbery." The applause at the fall • of
the curtain of each act was deafening
and it had to be raised again and again.
Several times the "gods" fairly shrieked
with delight, and Robert Cummings. who
played the part of Brummage, the detec
tive, met with repeated ovations.. He de
served the showers of applause, as he en
acted the part with rare judgment and
skill. James Corrigan as Senator Mc-
Sorker, the ward boss, gave a very clever
piece of character work, the interpreta
tion being exceedingly lifelike and effec
tive. Howard Scott as Dr. Livingston,
Willard Blackmore as Bulford, Stanley
Ross as Marino and Edwin T. Emery as
Kennett acquitted themselves well. Juliet
Crosby as Mrs. Bulford showed her ver
satility by playing the part. of the "ladv
villain" with marked ability, and in the
final act, when the diamonds she wore at
McSorker's ball exposed her villainy, she
was particularly effective. Georgie Wood
thorpe made an inimitable Mrs. O'Geogan
and Mabel Pennock as Mary Lavelot and
Lillian Elliott as Mother Rosenbaum did
excellent work. The piece is magnificent
ly staged, the Hoffman House Cafe scene
being especially . rich.
Central.
A meeting was held on the 10th inst. at
the suggestion of the supreme chief com
panion to make arrangements for the -*n
frtainment of the next Grand Circle
The meeting was made up of delegates
from all the local circles.
Washington Circle expects to initiate
three strangers at the meeting on th»
12ih inst.
A new circle has= been organized at La
Porte. Sierra County.
j Bournemouth Circle will give a social
on the 20th Inst. There will be a pro
gramme of entertainment and then a
dance. Bohemian Circle has arranged for
a social evening on the night of the 27th
inst. Loyal Circle will have a social hour
on the 31st inst.
Sherwood Circle recently gave an ice
cream party that proved to be a great
success and was greatly enjoved by a
large number of the members and their
friends.
Companions of the Forest.
The following named have been installed
as the officers of Santa Amanda Circle of
Abe Companions of the Forest for the cur
ftent term: Mrs. Emily Webster, C. C;
Mrs. D. C. Simons, S. C; Mrs. M. Ander
eon, T.; Urs. Cora Wentzel, F. S.- Mrs
Lou Jeffery, R. S.; Miss Cecelia Provo»r"
R. G. ; Miss Adeline Provost L. G : Mr«"
Elizabeth Poor. I. G.; Mrs. T. Harris o"
G. After installation there was a colla
tion and a pleasant hour was spent.
Santa Amanda, one of the youngest cir
cles of the order. is= in a prosperous con
dition and expects to become one of the
largest in the jurisdiction, as new mem
bers are added at every meeting by in
itiation.
There is nothing startlingly new in Miss
Thompson's play as far as the situations
go. There is a flower dance, however, or
iginal and beautiful, that tells with
charming rhythm the story of life, a tale
of happiness, love and destruction. While
in some parts of the play the dialogue
drags, there are some smart lines by
smart women that brighten the situa
tions. There were the usual waits and
drags of the premiere, but. by to-night
the play will probably run more smoothly.
Miss Roberts has cast the play to the full
strength of her company. In the role of
Laura Latimer the star finds a congenial
part. Agnes Rankin is a gentle Mary
Latimer and Marie Howe a smart Mrs.
Terhune. Georgie Cooper rather overdid
Miss Pendraon and Edith Angus was a
trifle too youthful for the awful Mrs.
Tewksbury. White Whittlesey as Gordon
Crevelt, a villain who reforms in the last
act. played with taste and discretion.
George Webster was a painstaking Lati
mer.
The play is well mounted and should do
a good week's, business.
At the end of the third act Miss Thomp
eon came before the curtain, murmured a
few words of thanks and then, pushing
Miss Roberts to the front, looked on ap
provingly while the charming little act
ress neat4y expressed what the authoress
was too nervous to say.
There was a crowded house at the Alca
zar last evening that split' its gloves and
cracked its voice applauding Charlotte
Thompson's new play, "Silver-Mounted
Harness," and shouting "Author, au
thor!"
Alcazar.
To-night "Otello" will be given, with
the new soprano, Linda Montanari, as
Desdemona, Salassa In his famous role
as Iago, and Castellano as Otello, one of
the best efforts of this conscientious
singer. BLANCHE PARTINGTON.
Agostini has at once established himself
as perhaps the best tenor of his kind
since Fernando Michelena sang Romeo at
the Tivoli, and though very nervous last
night, showed himself possessed of a
smooth, powerful tenor, admirably culti
vated, and of. superb athletic timbre. He
of course sang the part of Ferdinand,
and was sufficient, from the dramatic as
well as vocal standpoint. Collamarini
appeared as Leonora de Guzman, and
sang her part with characteristic sweet
ness and abandon. Her duet with Fer
rari — Alphonso — was charmingly sung,
though I have heard her in better voice.
Signor Dado was cast as Baldassare, and
his line bass and good stage presence
made a very effective figure of the old
monk. Ferrari as the King was Ferrari,
with perhaps a little less vibrato than
usual in his valuable voice, and Sannie
Kruger is vocally inadequate in the part
of Inez.
"La Favorita," the first appearance of
Agostini, the Tivoll's new tenor, and a
very good cast generally, drew a most ap
preciative and sizable audience to the lit
tle opera-house on Eddy street last night.
"La Favorita" is one of the least hack
neyed of the older operas, and one of the
most tuneful and might better be heard
more frequently, in place of some of the
later operas that compare with it neither
in musical nor dramatic interest. Last
night's performance was not all it might
have been, though the principals were
all in very good form. Some of the cho
rus work was decidedly uncertain, though
much of it was very good, -and the ensem
ble generally will be better to-morrow
evening. "La Favorita" does not sing
itself, like "Alda" and more familiar,
if more difficult, operas, and needs, there-'
fore, even fuller rehearsal. To-morrow
evening, then, the work will be surer, and
with Mr. Steindorff's cleverly handled or
chestra, "La Favorita" will be better
heard. ...
This is why Burlingame is perturbed;
this is why six-shooters are de rigueur
with evening dress; this is why the frac
tious child is quieted with tales of the
lion-hearted boogie man when it cries for
the golden spoon that is its by right of
birth.
Though every effort has been made to
locate this star burglar no clew has yet
been discovered. He seems to come when
he pleases, and when he goes he van
ishes like the Arab, leaving no trace be
hind.
Buriingame is stirred from clubhouse to
golf links. The aristocratic calm that is
characteristic of the place— a calm that
has been mistermed "dullness" by certain
iconoclasts— has given way to intense ex
citement, and things in the exclusive
suburb now move round with the rapidity
of a roulette wheel at a country fair.
The reason for all this is the fact that
a stranger has gone into business at Bur
llngame. His specialty is house-cleaning,
and the principal implements of his trade
are a jimmy, a pair of nippers and a dark
lantern. He began operations during the
middle of last week, and since that time
his industry at Burlingame has excited
the admiration of those who have "no
friend, no brother," there.
This enterprising individual commenced
,ln a Fmali way with the local postofflce
A end Wells. Fargro & Co.'s place. The gross
receipts of these two ventures amounted
to something over $200. and he was en
couraged to extend his operations. The
next places he visited were two or three
San Mateo homes, but the best he got
there was cold turkey and a sense of bit
ter disappointment. He was not dis
couraged. He remembered the fortunes
In jewels that had been exhibited at the
time when the "oaks were wreathed with
flowers." and the gallant colonel pillaged
the Scott household while "mother wept
softly." He remembered the accounts of
the presents then on display, and deter
mined to have some of thein. He knew
that the task would be arduous, but his
perseverance was equal to the task.
Since this decision he has been steadily
*-t work. He has not up to date succeed
ed in stealing either the colonel or any
of the colonel's wedding presents, but in
other fields he has done quite well. He
Is said to have gotten away with enough
silverware to stock a Pacific avenue flat,
end to have lifted enough jewels to keep
a modern Cleopatra satisfied for a score
of months.
FALL RIVER, Mass., Aug. 12.— The Fall
River cotton manufacturers this evening
at a meeting for the purpose of discussing
the work of reduction unanimously voted
to reduce wages to a basis of 17 cents for
weaving, the reduction to go into effect
September 3. This is about a 14 per cent
cut,' the present price of weaving being
19.8 cents. The vote was unanimous with
one exception, this man voting against the
reduction only on the question as to the
amount. An agreement will be drawn up
for signature and will be passed by the
executive committee of the association. It
will require a representation of 100,000
spindles to make an agreement to reduce
wages operative. At the meeting and vot
ing this evening there were representa
tives of nearly 1,250,000 spindles.
Representatives of the various labor or
ganizations in Fall River met directly
after the announcement of the action of
the Manufacturers' Association and a
meeting of the Textile Council was called
for next Thursday night. At that meeting
a plan of action and perhapsof resistance
will be formulated.
In regard to the adoption of a sliding
scale, which was agitated some time ago.
it is not expected that the operatives will
accept it. ¦ v ••• ¦¦
The operatives on every hand to-night
talked over the movement of the associa
tion, «and the sentiment seemed In favor
of resisting.
BERKELEY, Aug. 12.-Word has been
received from Lowden Ranch, Trinity
County, which will probably solve the
mystery of the disappearance of Henry
Pearson, who dropped out of sight In
West Berkeley three weeks J ago to-day.
A man answering Pearson's description
commenced work on the ranch there on
August 1, about the time it would have
taken the missing man to have reached
that place. He gave his name as Henry
Peterson and his home as San Francisco,
but has given no Information regarding
his past life.
- Mrs. Pearson, after reading the descrip
tion of the "Peterson" in Trinity county,
furnished her by The Call, declared the
man was undoubtedly her husband. Me
is working with a friend, N. Anderson,
and Mrs. Pearson says that she knew
he had an acquaintance by that name.
She has communcated with the managers
at Lowden'and is awaiting an answer.
Pearson, at the time of his disappear
ance, was residing at S0O Cortland ave
nue, San Francisco. He left home Sun
day. July 21, taking with him all of the
money there was in the house, about $100,
and., leaving his wife and four children
in destitute circumstances. The next
morning he appeared in West Berkeley
and borrowed $25 from his brother-in
law, I. A. Crowther. Police and private
detectives have been working on the case,
but to no -avail.- An article published in
The Call of July 30 giving a picture and
description of Pearson has led to the
coupling of the Trinity county "Peter
son" with the missing man. >.'•
BAY COUNTIES FRANCHISE
REFUSED BY TRUSTEES
Matter Probably "Will Come Up
Again Next Week in Amended
Form.
BERKELEY, Aug. 12.— The Town Trus
tees refused to pass the resolution to
night granting a forty-nine year fran
chise to the Bay Counties Company to
run its lines through this city. The fran
chise' as It stood was objected to on the
ground that the town would receive no
benefit from it for five years. Trustees
Turner and Ryder advocated reducing tl?e
time of the franchise from forty-nine to
twenty-five years. It will come up at the
next meeting for another consideration.
A motion was passed to raise the tele
phone company's license from $20 a year
to $100, the company to furnish the city
with free telephones for the Town Hall,
fire houses and Marshal's office. This will
make 'the company's license practically
$50 a month, i
¦ . . '' i ¦ r ¦ - ¦¦..
DELEGATE tickets published under this heading bear the names of men who represent in thoir re
spective districts the true principles of^home rulo, honest rule and progressive municipal admin
istration under the auspices of the Republican party.
These delegates are indorsed by the Republican Primary League. Before going to the polls
to-day every voter should carefully read the names printed on the paster and compare them.with
the names herewith published. Every Republican who is opposed to boss rule should vote the League
ticket. A list of polling places is also given. . . /
Twenty-Eighth District.
S&"7 ISSt* E fSS&g. "
Frlnk VsXto WiLK,i.t >
f^J.^arH^'ton. N^WuSSi^ . '
FredRolfe.. James F. McCaffrey.
Peter DoSfvIn Chris Andersen.
leter Donovan.
POLLING PLACES. .
Booth 1—East side of. Main street, 50 feet
north of Harrison; general precincts 1, 2, 3.
Booth 2—South side of Harrison street, 23
feet west of Stanley; general precincts 4, 12.
Booth 3—Front of 210 Second street; general
precincts 5, 6. 14.
Booth 4—Front of 155 New Montgomery
Si n™t'h ge™rvTnnFXt3 Ct \*!' i*™' Mnn.,nL v
Booth o—Front of 38 New Montgomer>
60 feet
cast of Hawthorne; general precincts 15, 16.
Twentv-Ninth District.
J J Dauehnev P Farroll V
t i «? 5 \ V £ , i ?• ¦¦'
T-'?;J^? er & a^ m »n« r-
A J GaUatrher j" F- Kingston
£ a McNamara, " Chart*? H? Martin. .
J. S. Parry. J. H. O'Brien.
Fred Hawes. J PL4CES
rvuui?*\j ± UAy.tua.
Booth 7—Front of 84. Mission street; general
precincts 1. 3, 4.
Booth 8-Front of 763 Mission street; general
precincts 2, 5, G.
Booth »-Front of 857 Howard street; gen-
eral precincts 7. S.
. Booth 10-North side of Folsom street, op-
posite No. 847; general precincts 9, 12, 13. \
Z^VW 76< FOlS °m 9treet: gCneral
'S^SS^^S^S^S^^
eral precincts 15, 16. 17.
Thirtieth District. '
»«.„,-,. ti niio*., ' T,™» a Vnnr,o,w
Henry H. Dilges. Tam^ s Kennedy. ,
general precincts 10, 14, is.
IK^N^PJ^lW^irSIV:**-
Booth 40-Front of 3541 Twentieth street;
general ." precinct- 18. .20. .21., '
Thirty-Fifth District. ¦
Clive A. Brown. • James Cronogue.
Robert Husband. W W de Wlnton
A. M. Wallem? Ivan L.Peterson
Samuel M Snyder. \V. de L Kinesbury
H. C Rchaertzer. Joseph Lercarl
J. H. Rawe. Thomas R. Hullng '
W. S. Grover. Joseph E Lee
"William Metzner. E. A. Parker '
F. W. Warren. Sam Gamble.']
POLLING PLACES.
Booth "-Northwest corner of Dolores and
Twenty-third; general precincts 1, 2, 3.
erfl^ST 5°' J"^^
Booth 43—Front' of 1525 Valencia Btreet;
general precincts 7. 8, 9.
Booth 44-Store 3263 Minion street; general
Precincts 11, 12,, 13.
nooth J3-Southwe«=t corner of. San Bruno
&nd" S'lVCr venues; general precincts 10. 14.
. Thirty-Sixth District,
Charles Ellis A. H.- MerrllL -.¦¦¦;
Li'ffl ?' i*' vf tO r\
James Duncan. A. P. van Duzer. .
M. C. Gimpel. W. C. Irwin.
H. C. Tabrett. L. Whiteman. .
Robert Ash. . O. P. Begga. ¦ " ¦.-..¦:
W. H. Chapman. H. C. Langrehr. ..
P. F. Ferguson. W. L. Coles. . .
G. F. Ochs. Henry von Werthern.
W. H. Kountz. J. B. Barber.
J. B. Mahony. Alfred von Bargen.
M' fe.8SS?g Gult r ae^ E c!ch r n h e O e mPSOn-
iW^1^ «-^e.chnee.
POLLING PLACES.
Booth 46—Store 301 Dolores street, corner of
Sixteenth; general precincts 2, 3, 5.
Booth 47_store»337 Noe street; general pre-
cincts 4,7.E
Fortieth District.'
Thomas V, Woodward. Joseph F. Myrick.
Edmund TauEZky. B. D. Pike. *
£ U Bftm^ ., -Frederick Hancock.
aIc'rUX' Chiles'lutro Jr.
Lucius L. Solomona. S. D. Davis,
Alfred D. Allan. J. H. Hutaff.
John H. Drumbell. M. Kollmanri.
r- Erlanper. E. E. GlUen.
Edward Kelly. Leon E. Prescott.
H- J- Owen- ¦ James B. Sykes.
L- H." do.Curtonl. A. L. Well. .
Jacob Samuels. . H. F. Peart,
Victor R. Ulman. W. A. Taylor.
— POLLING PLACES.
Booth 74-Front of 1455 Franklin street;
general precincts 1 2 5. ¦ i . .
pJSffi.Y??' S P°St "^ gea™1
Booth 76-^-Store 1904 Fillmore street; general
precincts 6, 7, 8. .
". Booth 77-Store 1804 " Scott Btreet; general
precincts 10 11 14 .
Booth 78-Northeast corner of Puie and
Dfivlsadero streets; general precincts l" 13. 16
Booth 7I^Southea.t corner •• of Point. Lolws
""^asonlo avenues; general precincts lo,
Booih «>-Store southeast corner of Eighth
an(j Point Lobos avpnup- e-pnpmi nrwlni-ta
19 so i^odos avenue, general precincts
' _ _
.•¦ Forty-First District,
t«v,« n '/-«.,. i tr u "* t-> ttt i»
Arthufo Town*
rl^L » \^"/^v ?" Z' ?rl-S£le, Jr"
Ma^rW wVnnrtt 5. £ £ a '
wn^am ¥^Ln winfcm m rm
IT^SS^ jlmel^O^urke.
„_ F C SelfHdge
Lester G Burnett. Prederick L Crosby. '
E. B. Cutter. . Stanley Forbes
E. J. Attridge. William Reston.
Alonzo Trueworthy. o. C. Pratt'
.John: V
* Fit?' i wi'tif: J m -
L s"n R'rtr.^ H<JJ,rv m T I°l -
Joseph D. Bertrand. Henry Lemser.
I.=adore Erb. John Ryati^
Matthew Harris. John F. Twomey.
Alfred J. Sadler. Horace B. Brown.
POLLING PLACES.
Booth 13—Mint avenue, northwest corner
Mission; general precincts 1, 4, 6.
Booth 14 Front of 1013 Mission street; gen-
eral precincts 2, 3 5.
Booth 15—Front of 910 Howard street; gen-
eral precincts 7 9 •
Booth 16—Front" of 154 Russ street; general
precincts 8, 10, 14.
Booth 17—Front of 949 Harrison street; gen-
eral precincts 11, 12. 13.
mi-i-i:. tn^Jt'-n:^"JiJ.i
Thirty-* irst District.
B J. Flood ' John Ganey. .
J. A. Madden. C. T. Quirey.
John AV. Rogers. H. Wolflnser.
D. Molander. William Tomsky.
G. A. Melsing. D. T. Herring.
Hugh McElroy. . G. Nelson.
Louis B. Solinsky.
POLLING PLACES.
erT^LSTYl 12°S MUSlOn 6tre6t: gen"
n\ntY Sait side of Eiehth street od-
DO^ite No ? general precincts 4 5 9
Booth 20-Fr'ont of 152 Tenth street; general
precincts 6, 7. 8.
Booth 21—Front of 1142 Folsom street; gen-
eral precincts 10, 11. 13. .
Booth 22—Front of 1191% Harrison street;
general precincts 12. 14.
Booth 23—Front of 345 Tenth street; general
precincts 15. 16.
. Thirty-Second District. ¦
? h °B myronCdeD^tt. $£&£&.
SS». SSSSg J^'T^Ffynn 21110"-
Albert W Lehrke AV D. Getchell.
Walter A. Moreno.
polling places. . .
Booth 24—Front of 32S Brannan street; gen-
eral precincts 1. 2. 3.
- TFSJfaSm'™ Brannan Btreet: gen"
eral precincts 4. 5, 6.
Booth 26-Front of 741 Brannan street; gen-
eral precincts 7. 8, 9.
Booth 27-East side of Bryant street be-
twee Sixteenth and Seventeenth; general pre-
era, precjncts^l^^
O D Douglas Richard Smith. . '
Hrnry Schulken. John Rlsto.
John A Weston. Frank L. Wacker.
John McCabe. Frank V. Pistolesl.
'Charles Wiseman. Henry Leffman.
j' Harry Plnkham. | Hugh G. Hamilton.
James F. Kelly. ' Charles Mllly..
Henry Burgers. Gustaf Swenson.
Thomas Cavanaugh.
n ?„ oa-^01;"??--^^ street .en
Booth 29-Front of 2o.3 Folsom street; gen-
eral precincts 1, 2, 6. . « •
Booth 30—Northwest corner of Twenty-
fourth and Harrison streets; general pre-
cincts 3, 4, 5.
Booth 31—Store 2726 Twenty-fourth street;
general precincts 7, 8, 9.
Booth 32—Southeast corner of Twenty-eec-
ond and Minnesota streets; general precincts
10- llA ct ion? t» it a o «„,.. ~«r*
Booth 33—Store 1207 Railroad avenue; gen-
eral precincts 13, 14. 15. -
ThirtV-Fourth District.
r, , . ty t moVv,
Carl Anderson. Ralph L. Hathorn.
\V. W. Chase. H. G. Krasky.
Captain H. J. Burns. John Tonningsen.
F. P. Duly. E. D. Knight.
F-. F-. I.
CH^McClena, Morgan^acku^
H N Beattj- L T Wagner
A 1/h' Menne* E L Knowles
D* Nichols ' ' George T Shaw Jr
h' N Lan'ee ¦ " "
•p'nTTTvr pi irre
t, "»v ,. „ >u ,? 7 «• i ? 4 „
Booth 34-North side of Mission street. BO
feet east of Twelfth; general precincts 2. 3, 5.
Booth 35—North side of Mission street, op-
posite No. 1755; general precincts 4, 6, 9.
Booth 36—South side of Folsom street, op-
posite No. 1720; general precincts 1, 7, 8.
Bocth 37—Front of 532 Valencia street; gen-
eral precincts 11, 12, 19.
Booth 38—Front of 2927 Sixteenth street;
6,
Booth 4S~Front «* 3S79 Twenty-third street;
general Drecincts 9. 10. 11. .
Booth 49—Store 727 Douglass street; general
precincts 8, 12, 13.
Booth 50-^-Store northeast, corner of Day
and Sanchez streets; general precincts 15, 16,
19. .
Booth 51—Store northwest corner of Twenty
ninth and Sanchez streets; general precincts
1*. 20-
Uooth 52—Southeast corner of Ninth avenue
*nd K street; general precincts 1, 17, 18.
Booth 5:?—Store 4520 Mission street; general
precincts 21, 22.
rnvi_i._ Covoti+Vi TV4af-Ho+ •
Tnirty-faeventn district..
G. H. Umbsen.- S. Bloom.
j K.-Jones. , M. J. Kuhl.
Benjamin Apple. T. P. Martin.
E. W. Strange. Horace V. Carter.
J. Halleck Smith. Eli Pinner.
Jacob L. Rapheld. N. Schlesinger.
Stephen M. Reynolds. Richard P. O'Meara.
Charles F.-Priest. G. W. Gibb. ,
Louis Goldstone. E. L. Waldteufel. -
David Rich. Charles Hiby Jr.
Pn^pGRog^: Seo^.d^^aTd.
v ernon Upton. August Fuchs.
Frederick A. Cooper. Edward R. Hanlon. .
POLLING PLACES. ,
Booth 54—Front of 214 Franklin street; gen
eral precincts J. 2, 5.
Booth 55—Front of 133 Page Btreet; general
precincts 3, 4, 8.
Booth 56-Front of 517 Lasruna street; gen
eral precincts 6. 7. 12. •
Booth S7-Front of 220 Waller itreetl.gen
2g£g£S£$^i Scott street; general
Fell street; general
of Stanyan street. 100
feet north of Waller; general precincts 19,
20, 21. f
Thirty-Eighth-District.
n ,,..._ T "naake ' ;'
fc W Blum AM Currie
M e a O rrkSesh^ido 3 n Um- J.' D.' Nolan 6"
v ... T-hornr .l nn a H T>ePkett
g. ™ • mp j£ n- ?A *U Cohn
Myrtile cSrf Martin Berwln
My«ne^err. waru^erwm.
c-hJfleMu^s- s Emmett P. Barrett.'
?." SffiS^
P" r'i^?I ynn" F> T< Falrcloth
l- laman- ; .
POLLING PLACES.
Booth 61—Front of 620 Goueh street; general
precincts 2, 3, 4. *¦ , ¦
Booth 62—Front of 1300 Laguna street; gen
eral precincts 1, 6, 7. • /
Booth 63—Front of 1111 Buchanan street;
general precincts 5, 8, ». •
Mc^^ttS^^Jr^SS'S^ncSJ'Sril.^
B tn 65_Front of lno Scott street; general
T,recincts 13 14 15
* ROoth 66-^Front of 1913 McAllister street-
Eenerai precincts 16 17, 18.
.. mi.i_j •Kf^4.\. tvs ± i j. '
. J.nlrty-X<lmtn XMStriCt.
o r Henry Gibbons Jr.Epsa H. Ashton
Jacob Greenebaum. W H. Conly. ' .
j Ohn A. Clover. Joseph S. Fonseca,
Frank U Von Rheln. Marc Anthony.
Wilbur G. Zeigler. John A. McKenna
Dr. A. S. Adler. Ralph N. Folks.
Myer Jacobs. Joseph Carroll.
James F. Cosgrove. Phineas H. S. Barber.
James P. Donahue. Ernest P. Therien
Norman W. Hall. H. W. Fraser. *
w. S. Hamilton. Eugene L. Marshall.
George B. Keane. Krnest A. Meyer.
J: | 'pIXceT 0™"- '
«-££%%?%£%„«: general
precincts 1, 2, 3.
Booth 68—East- side of Hyde street. 50 feet
north of Golden Gate avenue; general pre
cincts 4, 5,- 9. ¦ / :
Booth 69—Southeast corner of Hyde and
Ellis streets; general precincts 6, 7, 8.
Booth 70-Northwest corner of Polk street
an( j willow avenue- general precincts 10,
u, 17.
Booth 71—Front of 582 O'Farrell street; gfcn
eral precincts 13, 14, 15.
Booth 72—Front of 936 Post street; general
precincts 12. 16, 20.
Booth 73—Front of 1406 Bush street; general
precincts 18, 19, 21. - .'
R. Campbell. Malsch.
J. E. Smith. H. R. Hopps.
William H. Hammer.-
T,^T T . „_,_
- POLLING PLACES.
Booth 81—Southwest corner of Larkin and
Vallejo streets; general precincts 2, 3, 5.
Booth 82—East side of Polk street. 100 feet
south of Jackson; general precincts 1. 6, 7.
Booth 83—Southeast corner of Octavla street
and Broadway; general precincts 8, 10, 13.,
Booth 84—Store southeast "corner of Octavla
and Greenwich streets; general precincts 4,
n, 12.
Booth 85—Front of 2232 Broadway; general
precincts 9. 14, 15.
Booth 88—Front of 2746 Greenwich street:
general precincts 16, 18.
Booth 87-Northwest corner of Sacramento
and Maple streets; general precincts 17, 19.
_ _ . «,,..,
Forty-Second. District.
w -^y Sanderson. ' Melville Hermann.
D*E Allison Jr. John L Davidson.
c'T'Deane Norman H. Hurd.
H W Hutton. Charles Kaufmann
Andrew A. Guarlnl. L.C.Robinson.
fiSSJfTSS: S k S^ffi
E. A. Leigh. - William E. Abadie.
r. b. Trelt. Charl« H. Ward.
A. W. Martin. Robert N. Risdon.
James F. Norman.
POLLING PLACES,
Booth 88-Front of 110 Turk street; genera
precincts 12 3*--
Booth 89-lFroiit of 470 Geary street; genera
nrecincts 4 5 6
P Bootn 90-^Front of 916 Bush street; genera
corner of Leavenwort,
-d Sacramento streets; general precincts •
f^»^ "-J^^. 3f
feet south or jacKSon, general precincts n
12. la- ¦
- Forty-Third District.
J.'* George Boyne. Charles A. Dumont.
Walter N. Kempito» John T>. Wilson.
Frank^P. ShibeW. James D Shay,
J Kothman - John J. West. ¦ -
John Dellamonlca. Joseph Danerl.
Daniel H. Sullivan Frank Tuchler.
Xavier Mefret. E.S.Strauss.
I. Ellas. James D. Hart.
..Sf&SfeKVS St°Ckt °n StreCt:
Booth 94-Front'of 307 Grant avenue; gen
eral precincts 5, 7, 10.
Booth 95—Front of 720 Bush street; general
precincts 3, 6. 13. .
Booth 96—North side of Bush street, oppo
slte No. 623: general precincts 8, 9.
Booth 97—Front of 110^ Stockton street; gen
al precincts 11, 12 14. .
*- .
rorty-FoUrth District
John H. Nelson. , £rank Marlni
L A. Rea. Charles Winkler.
Charles Reed Jr. Charles Heinz,
J. C. Klmball. Paul L. Moses,
A. Ruef. Harry Huft.
George Faber. William Warnke. . .
A. L. Bacixalupl. Charles H. Somerlad.
Walter Collier. : '. .
POLLING PLACES. '
Booth 98—Front of 535 Union street; general
precincts 12 4'
Booth 9£C-Front of 2006 Powell street; gen
eral precincts 5, 7, 9.
Booth 100-Front of 619 Green street; gen
pral nrecincts 3 11 12 •
¦Rnnth 1O1—Storo^2237* Powell street- general
n™dncts 6 8 13 Powell Street, general
P w^J*. •tna-Kront of 9OT Filbert street- »n
-^1^^'^ Street ' "".
¦' District.
George M. Perine. Victor Olson. .
Robert Porter. Thomas A, Benson
A. H. Powers. Joseph Barbetta.
G. Scalmanini. L. A. Canepa. _
L. E. Savage. W. R. Noonan
: poLTINf? PT APFq
_ .. ,., f °tT' 1 „ , tP
Booth 103—South side of Pine street, 75 feet
east of Montgomery; general precincts 1, 2, 3.
: Booth 104—Front of 708 Montgomery street;
general precincts 4, 5, 6.
Booth 105—Front of 814 Battery street; gen
eral precincts 7, 8. 11.-
Booth 106—Front of 423 Broadway; general
precincts 9, 10. 12.
SELL MANY SEATS FOR
. BENEFIT TO CHARITY
Ladies in Charge of Father Sesnor.'s
Lecture Assured of Handsome
Door Receipts.
OAKLAND, Aug. 12.— The advance sale
of seats for the benefit to be tendered the
St. Joseph's Home for Deaf Mutes, at
which the Rev. Father Sesnon is to lec
ture, assures the ladles In charge that the
affair, will net a handsome profit for that
worthy charity.
The reserved seats are now on sale at
Smith Bros.' bookstore, where all who
have purchased tickets heretofore may
exchange them for. coupons.
The benefit will take place August 21 at
the Macdonough Theater.
Liquor Crazes Him.
OAKLAND. Aug. 12.— John Holmes, a
laborer, whose mind has become unbal
anced through drink, was committed to
Stockton' this afternoon.
"Secret Service" at Dewey.
OAKLAND, Aug. 12.— The Dewey The
ater will continue its presentation of
"Secret Service" for another week.
Arthur C. Sidman.
PORTLAND, Me., Aug. 12.— Arthur C.
Sldman, the actor, died suddenly at Hlg
glns Beach to-day, where he had been
spending the summer. #
Ancient Order of "Workmen.
At the meeting of Magnolia Lodge, A.
O. IT. W., on the 5th inst., the lodge
closed under the head of good and wel
fare and a committee presented an inter
esting programme for the entertainment"
of the members, many of whom had re
sponded to an invitation to . "be present
and have a good time." Master Joe, the
youngest son of ex-District Deputy Cun
ningham, gave evidence of musical talent
by a vocal solo; N. Fallek favored with
vocal selections; R. N. Walsh entertained
with selections on the xylophone, ocarina
and saxophone, the performance being
warmly applauded. Then followed • inter
esting addresses by Brothers Cunning
ham, Brind, Haley and Cohen. Magnolia
will have another entertainment on the
2d of September, and it extends an invi
tation to all members of the order to be
present.
Frank F. Terramose, past master work
man of Crocker Lodge, was, on the 2d
inst., presented by the lodge a very hanfl
some gold badge of the rank he holds in
the order, in recognition of his zeal for
the order and the work he has done for
the lodge,- he having brought into It
more than twenty members. The presen
tation on behalf of the lodge was by
Grand Recorder T. C. Spencer. During
the evening the 'lodge had work in the
conferring of degrees.
Unity Lodge on the 6th inst. had a
house warming in Elks' Hall, into which
it recently moved. The hall, profusely
decorated, was filled to repletion by ladies
and - gentlemen, and an excellent pro
gramme was presented. There were selec
tions by an orchestra; vocal selections by
Ethel Lucas, M. Denis, R. Jones, C. L.
Freld and Viola Gibson; recitation by Al
H. Hallett; instrumental selections by
Professor Greber's Mandolin Club, and an
addref>3 by Past Grand Recorder D. S.
Hirshberg. Master Workman C. A.
O'Brien was master of ceremonies. After
the programme there was dancing till
midnight. Among the notables i present
were Deputy Grand Master W. H. Barnes
and Grand Recorder C. T. Spencer.
On account of the declination of the
foreman elect of Valley Lodge to serve,
on the ground of business engagements
on meeting nights, there was a change
of officers on the 7th inst. Overseer Til
den was promoted foreman, Guide Allen
was promoted overseer, Brother Eldridge
was promoted guide, and Brother Doug
lass was elected inside watchman. Ow
ing to the inability of the district deputy
to be present, these officers were Installed
by Deputy Grand Master Barnes. The
lodge now has a full corps of new of
ficers- outside of the receiver, financial
and recording secretary, and these have
promised to do all In their power to re
store the lodge to its former standard of
membership. ,
Deputy Grand Master Barnes will, dur
ing September, visit the lodges in Ven
tura and Santa Barbara counties.
Prosperity Lodge has arranged for a
"good time meeting" on the 20th of
August.
Forget-Me-Not Lodge of the Degree of
Honor will have an entertainment on the
14th of August. The lodge will hereafter
meet on Saturdays in the Ruby Hall of
the Red Mens* building.
Improved Order of Red Hen.
Yosemlte Tribe of the Improved Order
of Red Men will on the 3d of September
next exemplify the degree work with
Emilio Lastreto as sachem in its wigwam.
That part of the entertainment alone will
be worth seeing-. - :
Blazing Arrow Tribe will, adopt five
palefaces during the sleep of the next
council.
Seneca Tribe has a number of active
workers 'who are doing all- they can to
place that tribe in the front rank.
Onelda Council Is gaining steadily and
with Mrs. Beach as Pocahontas will make
a good net gain this term.
Montezuma : Tribe No. 77. Improved
Order of Red Men, held Its first meeting,
August 6, In its new and elegant quarters
in Pioneer Hall, there being over 100 mem
bers in attendance. Its team (which, by
the way, is one of the best in the city)
conferred the degrees upon five palefaces
in an efficient and impressive manner,
after which Past Sachem Bell was pre
sented with a beautiful emblem of the
order by the members of the tribe. In rec
ognition of his untiring efforts in behalf
of the prosperity of the tribe during his
term of office as sachem. .
Brains at Their Best.
Research has proved that the human
mind is at its fullest power between the
ages of 40 and 60. There are, of course,
exceptions to the rule, such as Byron, the
young Napoleon and Alexander, but tak
ing it "full and by" the prime age of the
mind of man is between 40 and 60. Swift
was 43 when he wrote "Gulliver's Trav
els," and John Stuart Mill 5S when hl3
essay on "Utilitarianism" was- published,
although his "Liberty" was written three
years before. When "Waverley" came
out Sir Walter Scott was 44 years old, and
nearly all of those tales which have made
his lasting fame as a novelist were writ
ten after he was 46. Milton's genius made
its loftiest flights when he was between 54
and 59. It was between those years that
he wrote "Paradise Lost." "The Task"
and "John Gilpln" were written when
Cowper was over 50, and Defoe was within
two years of 60 when he wrote "Robinson
Crusoe." Of all the writings of Thomas
Hood "The Song of the Shirt" and "The
Bridge of Sighs" are the best known and
will live the longest. Hood wrote those
two poems at the age of 46. \ ~
Darwin wrote his "Origin Of Species"
when he was 50. and was 62 when he gave
to the world his "Descent of Man." Long
fellow wrote "Hiawatha" at 48, and Oliver
"Wendell Holmes gave us "Songs In Many
Keys" when he had passed his fifty-firth
birthday. — Chicago Journal.
Thought to Have Been Iden
tified Through Article
in The Call.
Operators Intend Meeting to
Devise a Plan of
Resistance.
Orpheum Has a Splendid
Show and Other House3
Offer Good Bills. ; :
Enterprising Individual Does
His Work Quietly and
Then Vanishes.
Aristocratic Suburb Is
Visited by Clever
Cracksman.
Cotton Manufacturers
Vote to Reduce Pay
of Weavers.
Wife of Missing Henry-
Pearson Hears News
of Him.
Anti-Boss Candidates for Delegates to Municipal Nominating;
Convention and the Precinct Polling Places*
Sings Part of Ferdinand
in "La Favorita" at
the Tivoli.
FINDS TRACES
OF LOST SPOUSE
REPUBLICAN PRIMARY LEAGUE
ASSEMBLY DISTRICT TICKETS
DECIDE TO MAKE
A CUT IN WAGES
NOW BUHLINGAME
HAS A BURGLAR
TENOR AG0STI NI
MAKES A HIT
THE SAN FtfANClSCO CALL> TUESDAY, AUGUST 13, 1901.
' William Norden made his first appear
ance at Fischer's Concert House last
night and was warmly applauded for his
rendition of "Celeste Alda." Irene Frank-
Fischer's Concert House.
Second Clubman— I "•: think you're both
wrong.: I know it's In" the 'Bible, but my
impression is' thati you'll find it. in ; the
Proverbs of Solomon.— Detroit Journal. J
. First Clubman— Woggies, I want you to
decide a bet. Higginslde says the quota
tion, "Hell hath no fury like a' woman
scorned "is, from the book of Psalms and
I say it's from Job.- We've put up $5 on
it and agreed to leave It to you. ¦-,-, .
The executive council of the Foresters
of America has decided to furnish the dis
trict deputies at large with appropriate
regalia- : - v ••¦•.*"' '
Three new courts have been- instituted
one in'Brentwood, another in Black'Dia
mond and'the third in Antloch.'
The executive council appointed- the
Initiatory team of Court San Francisco
to go to Antioch last week to exemplify
the work for the new court there. .;,¦•„•, :•-
There' was a joint meeting last week in
Santa Clara of the courts of ;the county
of that name. It was held In the hall of
Court Sherwood Forest, and there were
present the grand chief ' ranger, grand
secretary and grand senior woodward.
Foresters of America.
9
6 visit DR. JORDAN'S great
h&USEUtt OF ANATOMY
A CJ iCEm£EUST.tst.6±t7ih,S.r.Cil
\ q( 1 f>t Largest Anatomical Museum in the
& Tn-_ World. Weaknesses or any contracted
L. S£ £75 *«»« !»•»« •»•¦•?«•«•»»< hjr the oldest
0 fi £5 fcS I 2>pcciaUt< on the Coast. Hst. 36 year*. 1
$ $¥£ I DR " JCROAN-DiSEASES CF KEN
\ I^S^H Cmrcuttstiea free and strictly printc.
W i M^K fl Trea:me;it personally or by letter. A
\ H W T>> ' > "*"' 1 * **""« «> erery ease undertaken.
m F It It f> ".>r? for took. PBii.ovrtrny or
•I I) niRBIACK, MAILED FREE. (A.
1 i\ j. valuable book for mrn )
r D«. .So it o *N A Co:. IC5I MarkPtSt.,8. F.
iH 1 Hi R MB iH J^^B
) A Constitutional Affection. l^^w^»
Sprays, washes, powders, salves, medicated "^^Sv^
tobacco and cigarettes, however long and persistently If.
used, do not cure Catarrh." They relieve temporarily V^^\^^^\\vvwV' ) S
the inflammation in the throat and nose, and enable \^^w^v^\Awv\v\ av\$>Sv/] \
you to breathe more easily and freely, but the con- V^^X^;f\i\ 1 V\Vv*^^^^ : !.'^
tinual ruslTQf impure blood to these parts keeps up i^S^^%|tg^^Ww^^_,
the irritation>and ultimately produces ulceration of W^^^^^lpi^^/^^^^Y
the glands, when the breath becomes exceedingly
offensive and the soft bones of the nose are frequently
destroyed. The catarrhal inflammation extends over i^^ftjC . —^9y?' r^*l- s *~^--O
the entire surface of the mucous membrane,»or inner skin ; the stomach', kidneys
and lungs are often involved ; the whole system soon becomes affected by the rapid
absorption of poisonous matter into the blood, and the disease that you had hoped
to cure with, simple local remedies, assumes a dangerous form.
I had Catarrh about 15 years, and I had Catarrh so bad was entirely-
tried during: the time everything 1 1 could deaf in one ear, and all the inside
hear of, but nothing did me any good, of my nose and part of the bone
At last I came to the conclusion that slortgrhed off. The physicians gave
Catarrh moat be a blood disease, and me up as incurable. I determined to
decided to give S. S. S. a trial. I could try S. S. S., and began to improve at
' see a little improvement from the first once. It seemed to get at the seat of
bottle, and continued it three or four the disease, and after a few weeks'
months, or until I was cured. Have treatment I was entirely cured, and
not taken anything for six; years, and for more than seven years have had
am just as well as I ever was.— M . MAT- no sign of the disease.— MRS. JOSE-
SON, Lapeer, Mich. PHINE POLHILL, Due West, S. C.
Catarrh is a constitutional disease — a blood disease which is frequently
inherited, and only a blood medicine, such as S. S. S., can remove the hereditary
taint, destroy the poisons that have been accumulating in the system for years
perhaps, and restore the blood to a healthy and pure condition. The inflamed
membranes and diseased glands are healed by the rich, pure blood which is carried
to them, and the offensive discharges from the nose, and the terrible headache and
neuralgic pains cease. Chronic cases of the most desperate character and apparent
ly hopeless,' have been cured completely and permanently by the use of S. S. S.
•' ¦"' • Write our physicians fully about your case and they will cheerfully assist yoa
by their advice* We charge nothing whatever for this service. Book free oa
application. THE SWIFT SPECIFIC CO.,' ATLANTA, GA.
; soap is not onlv the best
in all the world for toilet
and b&th but also for shav-
ing. Pears was the in-
ventor of shaving" stick
soap.
All sorts of pcop'c use Pears' soap, al] sorts
of stores sell it, especially drug-gists.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
j^^^tg^^ CANDY CATMAPT7C ' "*
-Smaine stamped C C C Never sold In balk.
Beware of the dealer who tries to sell
sorocthfas "Just as good,THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. TUESDAY, AUGUST 13, 1901.
10
SAX FRAXCI5CO OALLj
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets; open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICE?— 527 Montgomery etrect,
c^rn»r Clay; open until 9:30 p. m.
SflO Hayes street: open until 9:30 p. m.
CS9 McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. m.
f!5 Larkin street: open until 9:30 -p. m.
I!'41 KifcFlon street: open until 10 p. ra.
22C1 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
urtil 9 p. m. " ~,
lf« Eleventh street: open until 9 p. "m.
1096 Valencia street :^£ipen until 9 p. m. •
XortJiwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tjyfcy '\r+r\v- open until 9 p. m.
SCO** Fillmore street: open until 9 p. m.
MEETING XOTICKS.
CALIFORNIA Chapter No. 5. R. A. M.. *
will meet THIS (TUESDAY) EVEX-__\
ING. August 13. at 7:30 o'clock. M. M. }f
degree. By ortW of the H. P. /^r^
FRANKLIN -H. DAY. Secretary.
GOLDEN GATE Lodge No. T.\ F. & A. » I
M.— Called meeting THIS (TUESDAY) _J\_
EVENING, at 7 :'u o'clock. D. I. By >22f
order W. M. /^T >
EDWIN L. MEYER, Secretary.
ORIENTAL Lodge No. 144.~fT& a. mT^ •""
Third degree THIS (TUESDAY) Jk
EVENING nt 7:30 o'clock. Master Ma- "JfJSf
rons Invited. A. S. HUBBARD, Sec. /v A i
OFFICERS and members of Orientals j*
Encampment No. 57, I. O. O. F.— Yrm v \[
«re requested to mwt in Encamp- _/V
m»nt Hall TUESDAY. August 13. at "
2 p. m. to attend the funeral of our late
patriarch, JAMES MtMAHON.
C. H. KORNBECK. C. P.
MAGNOLIA Lodge No. Z2. I. O.
O F.— Initiation THIS <Tl/ES- eyJJ^lSwi
DAY) EVENING. %
H. H. VELLENO. N. G. ,
SAMUEL POLACK. Secretary. j
THE annual meeting of the stockholders of the i
Psclfie Undertakers will be held at 777 Mis- i
sion St., San Francisco. Cal.. on FRIDAY.
August 23. 1901, at S o'clock p. m.. for the
election of directors for the ensuing term, ]
find also to consider on amendment to the by-
I«T6 reducing the number of directors from 9
to 7. and the transaction of such other busi-
ness as may come before the meeting. Trans- !
fer bonks will do«e Tuesday. August 20. at 4
o'clock p. m. By order of the board of di- ,
rg-tors. M. C. GORHAM. Secretory.
ADOPTION.
HKALTHY infant for adciptioTK MRS. DR°. ,
FU.VKE. UK Eighth gt.. Alameda.
AGENTS WASTED.
XbW YORK embroidery importing house wants
8n able resident representative for the Pa-
cific Coast on commission: thorough knowl-
edge of the article, as well zr acquaintance
Tvith the buyers of the dry goods trade re-
quired. Address, giving references. Embroi-
deries. San Francisco Call.
AGENTS and canvassers in' San Francisco and
every city of the Pacific Coast: big money
oven as side line. HEINE PIANO CO., 217
Geary st.
ASPHALTCM HOOFIXG. -
J. PELTIER, asphalt rooSng. sidewalks rZ
r-alred; postal. 1138 Ml«slnn: t»l. Folsom 16(57:
ATTORNEYS AT L.AW.
ADVICE free;dlvorces private;bankruptcy; col-
lecticns attachments: mortgages; bills of sale;
partnerships :de«»ds: wills drawn;feee low;open
*»ve's. THURSTON. 1CCSH Mkt.. r. 4. op. 6th.
ATW1CE free; divorce law a specialty; privat*-
ro fee without success; collections. G W
HOWE, atty at law. S3Q Market. cor.Stockton.
LEW B. DOUGLASS. 297 Parrott bldg.— Bank-
ruptcy, estates, general practice; mod. fees.
AT"»VICE free; no charg"» uniess successful W
W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market St.. opp. Mason'.
L. S. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg.. 927 Mar-
»"*? ft.: consultation fr»»: no f»»s in advance.
BOOKS — XEW AND OLD.
BOOKS of «>very kind bought. TeL Red 295€.
WOLMKR TOOKCO.. 7P4-7W-70S Mission ¦£
BO AKDIXG FOR CHILDREN.
J OR 3 children to board; good home & moth-
»r s car»: tlO up: wunny yard. 1607 California.
BUSIXESS CHAXCES.
A-I400; BRANCH bakery and coffee salocm
with s living rooms; rent SIS; choicest loca-
tion; must be sold at once on account of
sickness or owner. Call R. G. WILKE
Kearny st.
tJOQO-SALOOX. restaurant and lodging in one
of the most prospering towns in California-
lease: ch*-ap rent; all in first-class order-
clearing J300 per month. R. G. WILKE *6»/2
Kearcy st.
A-S12.V.; BAKERY and coffee saloon: very best
location, about 2 blocks from Phelan build-
ing: a splendid paying place; disagreement
of partner* cause of sale. Call R. G.
WILKE, 2Si^ Kearny et.
A-$1300: COFFEE saloon and restaurant; one
block south of Market st. : dally receipts from
?S0 up: clearing about $400 per month: a rare
chance. Call R. G. WILKE. 2&£ Kearny st.
A-$1500; FIRST-CLASS in prices and first-clas-
paring restaurant close to Chronicle build-
ing; come, investigate and you will find a
splendid investment. Call R. G WILKE
28' 6 Kearny st. *
A GOLDEN ODDortunity-PecuIiar circum-
stances cause the sacrifice; S15C0 will secure
the furniture, bar fixtures, etc.. complete in
40-room first-class hotel: also fine bus 6
horses, several buggies, harness, etc.; being
a livery connected with and the only hotel
in one of the best towns In California: re-
cently sold *nd worth $4500; sure of making
*2<3O a month profit; It's a genuine "snap."
and trill not last 3 days. N*. D SICKELS
the land agent. 6 Geary st.
FINE opening for an active man with good
business qualifications; single man preferred
g-ood future for good man; capital needed $500
o . , G. W. SCHWEIXHARD, 5
91. Market Bt.. opp. Mason, rooms 1-2,
A CHANCE of a lifetime: Cno confectionery
end Ice-cream etore. with cigars: daily cash
bo*lne*s. J20: pop. S0.OC0; can be fully Investi-
gated; owner going Ea*t: sold reasonably if
at one-. MARION- GRIFFLV. 71»*Market at.
1375— FOR sale; complete outfit of restaurant,
consisting of steel range, patent bake oven
tables, dishes, ice chest, chairs, etc.: a bar-
gain. Call at XEWTOX & HARTER. 759 Mkt.
$32°— PARTNER wanted; light business; must
be steady, reliable man; satisfied with $18
to 125 a week;, no experience required; trial
given before buying. 25_G«"ary st., room l.
DELICACT -store, clearing $150 month; well
located: must be sold; owner Roing East"
make offer. Cal. Business Assn.. S63'4 Market!
1150— PARTNER wanted: Indoor business-
steady man. McLaughlln & Co.. 777»4 Market.'
I1S0 WILL tray a real estate and house renting
business in Oakland; well located; good
chance; no agents. Address P. O. box 2564.
rOR sale— Branch bakery and notions: price
reasonable. Fifth ave. and L st.. South S. F.
FOR sale— Candy store and icecream parlor-
good location; make offer. 230 Sixth et.
FALOOX — A business corner for sale on Fifth
ft. Box 4795. Call office.
I1S0— SMALL chop house, complete having a
good trade; rent $10; a real bargain; must
Fell this w«k on account of other business;
good place for man and wife. 908% Howard.
PARTNER wanted for ladies and gentlemen's
tailoring establishment In a prosperous town 1
caP'tal. Apply DETMAR
XK Jt^F^ l> ~ Aa honest an<1 sober partner with
JSOOO in an optical business; must either be
«n optician or be able to attend -to corre-
pponding. etc. ; cash receipts about (1500 to
*?00"l per month. Addrers GEORGE MAT-
ERLE. German Expert Optician. 1071*4 Mar-
ket st.. San Francisco.
FOR sale— At Invoice price, the merchandise
Ftore of CNOPIUS & CO.. Santa Rosa with
Its two branches, one at Sebastopol and one
¦ t HeaMsburg. as a whole or each store sep-
srate: disagreement among partners the cause
t, f . *el!lc*. For particulars address CNOPIUS
* <"O_; Fsnta Rosa.
J2T.0 BCY8 onr-half Interest In cleaning and
<J>-*>ing business; plenty of business, and need
rsrtner at once. Call or write to Crystal
Cleaning Works. 312 Fourth. Santa Rosa. Cal.
tlCaO— OLD ewtabllshed corner grocery and bar
cool location; fine stock: security or reai
f-state taken; corner Goueh and Grove sts.
KUh- RAHBER shop. 3 chairs, in thriving coun-
try town. 6C9»4 Capp rt.
BEST preposition in city: JIM profits monthly
small capital. 1008H Market st.. room 4. '
BRANCH bakery and Variety store; a bargain.
H21 Howard ft.; no agents.
BRANCH bakery for sale cheap; sickness the
cause. Address box 4616. Call office.
CtTX & locksmith business & buildings for sale.
Adflress S. F. Call Agent. Eanta Cruz. CaL
I.OD(;i\G-HOi;sKS FOR. SALE.
ATTENTION, BUYERS!
You may bay any rooming-house In
the city and pay for It
in monthly payments
from the profits
of the house.
. j» Vacant houses furnished
POKALD INVESTMENT CO.. 850 Market
BEFORE buying your lodging-houses or other
business, call on the Boston Business Agency,
Kt-erything thoroughly Investigated; a trial
rlv*n.
licERlDE & CO ..1016 Market. et.
j,onRi\o Hnr>«r,<t for s*?.*" — -«-«w
6S-ROOM modern house. '..'..'. '.........:
North of Market st. .,;".,...
Electric Elevator
Former price $5000: reduced to fVBO
Offer wanted. Must be po!d
..To-day. Apply to DECKER. 1020 Market..
H. C. DECKER.. - •
1020 Market St.. opp. Fifth. Tel. Mint 786.
26. Years in Business In This City
...- Offers for Sale and Exchange
100 rooming-houses. 10 to HOO rms, $30 to $25,000
150 lodging-houses. 6 to COO rms. $100 to. 20,000
40 flat*. 3 to 12 rooms. !$S0 to <o0
K0 private homes. C to 23 rooms, $90 to.. 2.000
SI boarding-houses. 10 to 100 rms. $350 to 10,000
20 hotels, 40 to 200 rooms. $1000 to :.. S.000
40 grocery stores. $400 to • • ".000
20 candy stores. $300 to •-•• 6.000
40 saloons. $400 to MOO
10 cigar stores. $300 to " «i'5S2
500 other businesses, all kinds. $100 to.. 20.000
100 vacant lots. $23 to S.000
75 houses and lots, everywhere, $600 to.. 50.CC0
5 chicken ranches. $400 to 1.700
£0 ranches, everywhere. 5300 to 14,000
..To Buy. Sell or Exchange Anything Call..
I can suit you. H. C. DKCKER. 1020 Market.
A. CAMERON & CO..
£50 Market st. and 8 Stockton St..
Rooms 21. 22 and 23. Phone Bush 328.
If yon have hotel, rooming-house or business
to sell list with us. We have cash customers
for all sizes and prices. See list of bargains.
CC r.; rent $300: elegantly fur. hotel $7000
50 r. ; cor.; best st. in Oakland; oak fur... 2S00
20 r.; rent $60; good "fur., carp, and loc 950
Money loaned on deferred payments, 1V4 p. c.
14 r.; rent $40; oak fur.; boarders 1000
11 r. ; rent $474; hardwood fur.; reduced.. 55u
9 r.; rent $35: nice, clean; house full - 300
6 r. ; rent $25; water free; cost $500 225
Over 500 houses lieted. Call Defore buying.
MARION GRIFFIN. 719 Market St.. rooms 1-2.
NEAR THE CALL BUILDING-.
These' are samples. Call at office for list.
9 rooms on Pest st.; rent $40; income $S0;
piano; fine carpets and furniture SGOO
50 rooms; corner on Geary st. ; low rent 2500
18 rooms; south of Market: rent $35 4S0
7 rooms; rent $30: central: quiet 300
14 rms.; principal St.; free water: rent $50 550
ATTENTION Lodging-house Keepers-22 all
light rooms, corner Pacific and Powell: suit-
able improvement for permanent tenant;
house being thoroughly painted and papered,
etc.; can be arranged for housekeeping; rent
cheap. Apply R. McCOLGAN, 24 Montgom-
ery st.. room 3.
WE have ligitimate bargains In lodging-
houses, saloons, candy and notion stores; also
several restaurants and cigar propositions
which we can vouch for. Call and get our
prices. FISHER & CO.. S35 Market Ft.
THE largest and best list of lodging-houses
and hotels can be found at office of •
G. W. SCHWEINHARD. phone Mint 1911,
No. 917 Market st. (near Fifth st.).
LODGING-HOUSE with }fi sunny rooms on one
floor. 36 Stockton and 37 O'Farrell St.; call
for particulars.
BARGAIN— 6-room bath; 3 rooms pay expenses.
Call bet. 1 and 4 p. m.. 226 Taylor st.
SPIRITUALISM.
COME & see C. V. Miller's wonderful seances;
Sun.. Tues.. Fri.. 8 p. m.. 50c; you can speak
to spirit friends face to face, recognize them:
give names; received medals from many coun-
tries; taken last world's record medal Paris
Fair. 10S4 Bush St.; tel. 2275 Larkin.
A — Mrs. Dr. Farnham, spiritual medium and
life reader; mining a specialty: cir. Sun. .Wed.
and Fri. evenings. 1(35 Market st. (no sign).
i CHAS. BROCKWAY. 25c seance Sun., Tues.
i and Thurs., 8 p. m. ; every on? gets .a test: pri-
vate readings daily. 299 Hyde St.. cor. Eddy.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, bus. medium;
life reader; medical, clairvoyant; sittings, $1;
letter. $2. 1164 O'Farrell st.; Ellis car.
JOHN SLATER— Circles. 25c; Sun., Mod., Fri.
eves.. 8:15: Wed. aft.. 2:45: sit. 10 to 4 except
Sat. and Sun. 1S09 Stockton, near Greenwich.
EDWARD EARLE. S2S Ellis-Readings daily;
seance Sun., Tues. and Thurs. Tel. Polk 1601.
W. G. KEEGAN holds spiritual meeting every
night except Sat.; 10c. US Sixth St., 2d floor.
I MRS. HAR.LAND"S circle to-night, also Wed.;
I best tests. 10c: readings dally. 148 Sixth st
MME. YOUNG'S demonstration of spirit return
I to-night. 605 McAllister: 10c; come skeptics.
' MRS. HUBBARD. 109 Oak; circle Tues. & Fri.,
j 8 p. m.; Wed., 2:33 p. m.; 10c; read, daily, 50c.
H. THOMPSON^ slate writer. 603 California
; et. ; communications answered by mail: 25c.
! FRIENDSHIP Hall. £5 McAllister-Mrs. C. J.
\ Mrver: sittings rtallv: test to nil to-nig'U.10c.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MirET>f~BERNARD~.
THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently
I located at 17 Third St.. next Examiner bids. She
j reads your life correctly, gives an accurate de-
i scription of the past, reveals the present hap-
i penlngs and portrays events to occur in the fu-
ture. If you are In trouble, discontented, un-
i happy or not satisfied in life, or have domes-
I tic. love or business troubles, consult this great
[ medium and you will be told hoF to overcome
i them. Valuable p.dvlce In all affairs of life;
j 25c up; perfect satisfaction guaranteed.
¦ MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the well-known trance
f medium, is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
j ket St.. corner Golden Gtae ave.. rooms 25 and
I 26; take elevator. Perfect satisfaction guar-
l anteed by mall; send stamp for pamphlet
j with special terms. Daily and Sunday.
i A— LINCOLN. CLA IRVOYA NT. ~
I HIGH PSYCHIST.
" The most wonderful clairvoyant on the coast;
j he succeeds when others fail: permanently
j located at 125 Turk st. ; readings by mail.
j MME. MONTAGUE.
! Truthful predictions In all affairs of life: gives
j names, facts, figures; gives luck: honest pre-
] dictions in love affairs; reunites separated;
j net one failure: letters answered. 116 Turk.
| MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
I 1 reader, born with double veil — serand sight:
diagnoses disease with life reading; ladles 50c,
, gents 51: palm, and clair. sit.. $150. 126 Turk.
KNOW your fate — Mme. Richards, astrological
palmist, reader of human destiny: never fails;
25c, 50c. 1203 Mission st: phone Howard -2675.
ISMAR, the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 114S Market, op.
6tb: private readings daily. 10 a. m. to 5 p. m.
FREE tests ladles Wed. eve., Thurs. morn..
Kri. aft.: no circles; private personal tests,
no money accepted. FRANKLIN, 363 Geary.
MME. LAROSE. best clairvoyant, card reader.
tert medium: 25c up. 777VJ Market st.. room IS.
MME. TV ALTERS, great card reader; ladies 25c.
gents 50c. 931 Mission, nr. 6th; open Sundays.
I MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader;
ladles 25c. gents 50c. 132 Sixth Et. '
CLAIRVOYANT card-reader from Louisiana;
only 10c. 262 Minna St., near 4th.
CARD reading. 25c up; 120 Sixth st. MME.
MARSEAU. .
I MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
j palmistry; truth or no pay; 25c. 1143 THission.
Mrs.Mallory. clairvoyant card reader; when oth-
j ers fall consult me; L. 25c, G. 50c. 917 Howardj
j MME. SCHAFFER. clairvoyant, card reader;
sittings daily. 448% Jessie st., bet. 5th and 6th.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently: business
advice: names given: 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
CARPET BEATING AXD CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works. 353-257 Tehama St.: t«l. South 40.
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st. ;
x tel. Main SS4. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Prop.
BEATING, 3c: laying. 3c: renovating. 5c up;
work guaranteed. T. R. Co. : phone Scott 1310.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works: prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison; tel. Mission 263. /
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-beating Works,
353 Golden Gate a\-e. : telephone East 126.
CITY Steam : Carpet-beating Works. G. H.
STEVENS. Mgr., 38-40 8th St.: tel. South 250.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-beating and Reno-
vating Co.. 240 Fourteenth 6t. : tel. Mission 74.
CARPETS cleaned at the lowest rates. STRAT-
TON. % Elzhth st: telonhone Jessie 9<4.
, CHIROPODISTS.
BUNIONS, corns, Ingrown nails, warts; pain-
less cure: guaranteed. Dr. Duncan. 415 Sutter,
PROF.Strassburger f.romN..Y., specialist, on feet;
<liploma T.P.S.S.N. Y.: Chronicle big., rm. 70.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No charge un-
lesg successful. Room 310. 927 Market Bt.
DENTISTS.
A— DR. T. S. HIGGINS. 927 MarkeT~streeC
Emma Spreckels building. Reasonable pricei
for painless dentistry; pure gold filling $1 50;
artificial teeth, on plate, look natural . and
guaranteed. $5 up; a good metal plate $15;
rold and porcelain crowns $5 to $10; " teetii
without plate: painless extraction.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, S09 Mar-
ket et., cor t ,4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg.. . you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; . gold crowns
$1 60 up; plates, extractions free, $1 DO up; of-
fice hours, 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sundays, 9 to J
p. m. J. W. THATCHER, M.'D,, Manager.
EIGHT 'prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions or fillings by my
wonderful secret, painless method: 20 year*'
experience; no students; advice free; '. prices
cheapest and guaranteed: lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell et.
A-XEW unbreakable plate, the Rose Pearl
warranted for 20 years; crowns. $3 60; fillings
ECc; plates, $5; full set: all work painless ami
wan anted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 21 Sixth.
DEXTISTS— -Contin ned-:^,
D? A c! KeTlLOGG— Experienced - dentist ;
specialties, crown and bridge work and the
- preservation of natural teeth. IIP Phelan bldg.
AT Ideal Dental Co., 6 Eddy st.— Work done
on weekly installments; lowest rates.- -
PARIS Dental Parlors. 235 Kearny, cor. Bushy
Full set of teeth, $4; crowns, $3; fillings. 25c.
DR. H. G. TRUMAN, dentist, third floor. Ex-
aminer^buIIdlngjforrnerlyJnMjjrjpl^^ldB^^
LOWEST prices In S. F. Painless extraction,
BOc. N. Y. Dentists. 963 Mission St., cor. 6th.
VAN VROOH — "Painless"; evenlnss and Sun-
days. 1001 Market St.. corner Sixth. .
SKT nt teeth without plate? . DR. H. G.
TOTTVn. 1341 Pnlk st.
- _ DEBMATOLOGISTS.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed~by
electrolvsls: facial massage with hydro-vacu.
MIPS MILLMAN. <120 Rush st. ¦ ¦
DETECTIVE AGENCIES.
McCABE'S Detective Agency handieiTalTTegit^
imate detective business; divorce cases posi-
tively refused. Emma Spreckels building,
rnr.T"s ?-3-a;4. P?n Franclypn; t<-l. - Po'ith 3"1.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL, Dressmaking & Millinery School-
Class rates; patterns cut. 1019 Market st.
ACCORDEON pleating; country orders prompt
atttentlon. 121 Post, over O'Connor & Moffatt.
EDUCATIONAL. "
NIGHT SCHOOL FOR MEN. ', .
A practical and industrial education for men;
Y. M. C. A. building; more courses of study
than any other night school In the city for a
remarkably low tuition; send or apply for the
prospectus at the building, corner of Mason
and Ellis sts. ; opening night, Tuesday, Sep-
tember 10; registration beginning September
1: departments — Art, business, civil service,
elementary, engineering, high school, lan-
guages. H. J. McCOY, general secretary; A.
A. MACURDA, educational director.
AYRES' Leading Business College, 723 Market—
IS per month; $50 life scholarship guarantees a
complete business education; shorthand, typ-
ing, bookkeeping, arithmetic, penmanship,
spelling, Spanish, etc.; experienced teachers;
new typewriters: positions secured; cat. free.
GALLAGHER-MARSH College. Parrott bldg.—
Shorthand, typing and bookkeeping; Robert
F. Gallagher, expert court- reporter, teacher of
shorthand; reportorial phrasing taught; prac-
tlcal bookkeeping, full course. $50; catalogue.
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
EChool for the university, iaw and medical
colleges; references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. < Phelan building. •
MERRILL-MILLER College— Shorthand, typ-
Ing. practical bookkeeping. Rooms 40-45. Par-
rott bldg.; individual instruction ; catalogue.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec, mlnlng.mech.suc-
vey, assay, cyanide; day. eve.; est. 1364. Van
der Naillen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
ACTING, elocution, specialties; Hallett School,
associated with theatrical agency securing
positions. Alcazar building. 120 O'Farrell st.
BOOKKEEPING, flsures; the one man who per-
fects begrinneis, college graduates & bookkeep-
ers Is TARR, the expert. 220 Parrott bldg.
A FULL course of Ellis bookkeppin* and the
Gregg shorthand costs only $60. San Fran-
cisco Business College. 123fi/Market st.
MARY P. WESTHAUS. piano, mandolin, guitar I
lessons. 50c; piano for practice. 39 Fifth st.
PROF. L. MERKI. experienced teacher: violin,
mandolin, guitar: juvenile class. 1008 Mission.
ILLUSTRATION— PA RTINGTON'S DAT" an 3
ILLUSTRATION— night class. 424, Pine st.
HEALD'S Business College. 24 Post St.. S. F.;
founded 3863: new S0-nage catalogue free.
PIANO and German: nupil of Lelrsic Conserva-
tory; lessons 7»c and $1. 320 Golden Gate ave.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing.
etc.: day or «•?.: $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th. '
JITSS R. ELLIS, teacher of Piano. 1823 Devi&a- :
dero st.; telephone Geary 4S1. J
CHFA.PFST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, snnt tn any address in the }
United Statos or Canada one year for $1.
EMPLOYMEXT OFFICES.
JAPANESE" "ajid^GhlTe^'h^ip'^oTTli'^klndT;
cooks, waiters nnd house servants. GEO.
AOKI & CO.. 421 Post St.: tel. Bush 135.
JAPANESE Intelligence Office— Furnish most
reliable help. 524 Bush St.; telephone Bush 516.
ORPHEU1I Employment Office — Japanese. Chi-
nese help. -426 Powell. nr.Sutter: tel. Black 5072.
CHINESE and Japanese employment office-
Best help. 411% O'Farrell st.; tel. East 426.
RELIABLK Japanese-Chinese employment of-
fice: all kinds help. 3'.5 Stockton: Main SIS".
| EMPLOYMENT WANTED — FEMALE.
i A FIRST-CLASS German' cook desires sltua-
; tion: best city references; city or country.
MISS CULLEN. 32D Sutter st.
A FIRST-CLASS parlor maid and waitress de-
Klres situation; best of references; city or
; country. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter St.
WOMAN wants a position as nurse or com-
panion to an invalid lady or child; good ref-
erence. Box 4729. Call office.
' GERMAN woman, middle-aged, good cook,
wants to do cooking and some housework;
¦ country only; no letters. 278 Minna st.
I MIDDLE-AGED American woman for light
housework; small family; city or 'country.
Housekeeper. 362 Third st.
I "WANTED — Position as housekeeper by a lady
| with a boy 8 years old. Please call or write
I £56 Willow ave.. bet. Eddy and Ellis sts.
! FIRST-CLASS American cook wishes situation;
I city or country: no objection to hotel; wages
j not less than S30; best of references. Call for
: two days, 213 Minna st.
] GIRL 15 years of age wishes position to do
general housework;" no washing. Call at 376
Fifth st.
SWEDISH girl -wishes position," cook and gen-
eral housework; good references; $25. Box
4792. Call office.
YOUNG lady, German, desires position as In-
fant's nurse or assist housework; references;
country preferred. Address R. S., 1215 Scott.
A GOOD girl wishes a position to do general
housework; good cook: no washing; good
wages. Address box 4789, Call office. •
Al BOOKKEEPER and expert stenographer
desires position; highest references., Box
4787^Sf*I.
A WOMAN wants work by the day. washing,
ironing, house cleaning. Call at 548 Howard.
A GIRL wants a place to do housework. 1065
Pacific St., near Taylor.
A REFINED English woman, superior educa-
tion, wishes afternoon or evening employ-
ment: small salary for suitable occupation;
references. Box 4784, Call office.
WANTED— By Nova Scotia Protestant woman,
cooking and housework in private family.
Call 1131 Market st.
WOMAN wishes position to do housework by
the day, week or month; sleep home. 550
Mission st. 7 "¦
NORWEGIAN girl. Just arrived, wants place
for general housework. . 73 Thirteenth st.
GERMAN girl wishes situation to do light
housework. Apply at 1665 Mission . st
FIRST-CLASS . dressmaker and ladies' tailor,
perfect fitter, wants engagements; $1 25 per
day. 244 Taylor st.
MIDDLE-AGED woman wants work by the
day, washing. Ironing or housecle.-ining; $1
a day and car fare. MRS. SIEBOLD, . 870
Folsom st. ¦ I
A MIDDLE-AGED German woman ' wishes a
permanent position' as housekeeper . or cook
in a private institution, hotel or family; city
or' country. 122 Seventh st.
EXPERIENCED nurse would like care of In-
valid by day or .by night. P. O. box 126,
Berkeley,' Cal. . : . •
DISCREET, refined lady desires position In
- rooming-house as managing housekeeper.
Box 4C94, Call. .
COOK, for parties: finest of French and Ger-
man cooking; references. 1633 Sacramento
St., near Polk; phone Polk 2651. ;.
AMERICAN woman wishes situation as work-
Ing housekeeper; refined ,- and trustworthy;
¦light work; moderate wages. MRS. LISTON.
Peachtree, Monterey County.
A— EXPERIENCED stenographer and type-
writer wishes permanent position: $30 to com-
: mence; references.. L. C, box 4836, Call. ,y
JAPANESE honest, faithful girl wants situa-
tion to do plain cooking and housework in
family." Address box 4785, Call office. '. . y .
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St., near Mar-
ki«— 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to
"$6 week; convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and. baggage to and from ferry. : . .
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
Fubscriptions has been established at 1098
Valencia st. , y .
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call I branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
EMPLOYMENT - WAKTED— MALE.
A MIDDLE-AGED Dane wishes situation In
..private family; understands care . of horses,
cows- and garden; first-class recommendation.
HENRY STEVE. 58 Natoma et. -: :,:.
YOUNG . man wants position as - cook, private
family or small boarding-house: good refer-
ences ; moderate wages. : Box 4711, Call, y y
WANTED— position as foreman in planing mill;
• thoroughly experienced and i good - diiaughts-
, man. Address , box 47S6, : Call office. "
/^EMPLOYMENT WANTED— MALE.
INTERPRETER in Japanese. French and Eng-
lish would like permanent position in Police
Court. . law office or store. PAUL B. DITH-
LEFSEN. box 4723. Call office..
STEADY, reliable middle-aged man wants em-
ployment; on private place; city or country;
attend horses, ' garden and generally useful;
moderate wages; references. Box 4791. Call.
GERMAN lady cook and man helper want po-
¦ pitions as first-class cook and pastry helper,
or cook- and dishwasher; city or country.
242 Natoma st. ; basement.
MIDDLEJAGED man, familiar witn the city,
k wants to drive and take care of, one or two
horses. Box. 4788, Call office.
EXPERIENCED metal prospector desires
financial help that- he may- return to the
I mountains; reference as to sobriety and ln-
tegrlty. Box 4686. Call office. ' - '
I WANTED— By . young man, 20 years of age,
high school and business college education, a
,- position where there Is a chance for ad-
vancement; would invest $5000 or $6000 later
on In good business. Box 2291, Call v Oakland.
EXPERIENCED bookkeeper and clerk, 30 years
old, desires position in .country or on ranch;
pood references; moderate salary. 'B.- G.,.564
Folsom st. * - ¦ ' . .'- ! .
RELIABLE, man and wife* want charge of
place or work on ranch. Address G. LABOR,
604 Natoma at. •, , '
A MIDDLE-AGED, sober hotel man wishes
position as day or night clerk: speaks Eng-
. lish. French and German: security if neces-
sary Box 2293, Call office. Oakland.
A MARRIED man, thoroughly experienced In
mercantile and office work, also window
-trimming, deaires -situation either in city or.
outBldo towns. Address box 4936, Call.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH -office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia rt. ¦
REXOJt r ATED^/^
FEATHER pillows~&"mattr«!sse3 steamed, reno-
vated E. T.O'Rourkp.1393 Valencia :tel.Capn 2FS2.
FINANCIAL.
PACIFIC Coast Underwriting Co. (inc)-^We
have 42 offices. in operation: new method of
placing^Jocks and bonds; companies Incor-
porated: stocks and bonds underwritten. Call
or address main of fine. 507-8-9 Parrott bldg..
FLATS TO LET.
COLE. 411, cor.- Oak— One flat left: furniture
for sale; tiled bathroom and sink; beamed
and frescoed ceilings; marble steps and vesti-
bule; can be seen between 10 and. 4 o'clock
every day. ' y ¦
STANYAN. 1130, three blocks from Golden Gate
Park— Halght or Ellis cars; just finished, 3
modern flats, 6 and 7 rooms, $20 to $28: will
sell at a bargain; easy terms; key at build-,
lnr. .
$6— NEW flat, 3 rooms, partly -furnished; water
free; 21 Holly st. ; Kearny and Mission st.
cars pass the door; 50 feet Mission, opp. Thir-
ty-third and Mission; no children.
TO let — Kleeant modern flat of 6 rooms and
bath. 726 Shrader St., one block from the
Park; rent ?22 50.
. . . i .
FEW steps from City Hall, fine sunny top flat,'
6 rooms and bath. 12 Grove st.
GROVE. 721%— Upper flat, 5 rooms, furnished
complete for housekeeping; piano.
FOURTEENTH ave. and N st.. South S. F.—
Elegant flat, 6 rms. & bath; latest lmpts.
MIDDLE flat or 3 rooms at 1310 Larkin st.
Apply 1318 Larkin st. "
O'FARRELL. 1933— Modern flats, 6 rooms, bath,
yard, basement; reasonable to good tenant.
$18—5 ROOMS and bath. 1376 Union at., near
Polk. .
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak. $4S 50. with No. 7
range. King- Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
$100— FURNITURE of 7- room flat; call atter-
noons; no dealers. 1620 Polk st.
FURNITURE "WANTED.
Auctioneer— L.Vincent, 1305 Larkin: tel. Polk 694.
furniture and furn'd houses bought; spot cash.
CAL. Auction Co.. 1462 Market — Buys furniture,
merchandise, etc.; phone Jessie 2071.
Auctioneer; W. P. BeRUcnamn. 2 Golden Gate
ave.: tel. Jessie 126: furniture, mdse.. bought.'
BEFORE felling your furniture, see Abram'a
Auction House. 1105 Mission. Tel. Jessie 1160.
TEL. Jessie 761 before selling, furniture, car-
pets. pianos, etc. CHAS. LEVY. 1135, Market.
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission St.. pays -highest
price for swond-hand furniture: tel. Red 1354.
GLOVES.
D. & K. new $1 glove, retailed at factory price:
wtrrantfrt: k»nt In repair. 121 Grant ave.
HELP WANTED — FEMALE.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S 104 Geary st
HOTEL DEPARTMENT*. •
4 waitresses, Coronedo Beach, one-half fare.
••• • ¦¦--• $25
2 waitresses, Marysvllle, fare paid $20
Waitress, Napa $20
. Waitress, Winnemucca, Nev.,, fare paid. ..$25
2 waitresses. A'.arneda.. $20
3 waitresses, Sacramento $25
20 waitresses," city $20
Restaurant "waitresses . ......$7 week
Waitress, fprings ¦'. $20
"Waitress, Sonoma \ ,$20
Women for general work, hotels $20
Waitress, helps hall, city $25 I
Waitress, Menlo Park ......$20'
2 waitresses, Petaluma. $20
2 waitresses. Santa Cruz $20
Cook for men. city $20
FAMILY DEPARTMENT'
Many places in this department, among
which are some for German nurse girls and
do sewine, house girls, cooks, second girls,
both for city and country, wages J10-J30; call
and investigate. C. R. : HANSEN & CO., 104
Geary st.
MRS. M. E. DAY & CO Phone. Main 1575
..._ HOTEL DEPARTMENT
4 waitresses, first-class cafe. Southern . Cali-
fornia, $25; 2 waitresses, first-class commer-
cial hotel, $25, fare. paid, see party here;,
/-waitresses, Fresno, Sacramento, Marysvllle,
Palo Alto, Sonoma and city, .$20 and $25; 6
chambermaids to wait, city and country, $20
and $25
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
First-class family cook, no washing or house-
work, $20; housegirl, ranch, $20 to $25, see
lady here; second girl, 2 In family, San Ra-
fael, $20, see party here; nurse. $15, one
child: many others; first-class city "and coun-
try, best wgaes
MRS. M. E. DAY & CO 335 Geary st.
NEAT young saleslady for extra work in
store: no experience necessary; good wages.
MRS. M. E. DAY & CO 335 Geary st.
W ANTED— 4 cooks, German style, $25. ,$30;
cook, San Mateo, 'ho washing. $35; second girl,
2 in family, $25; parlormaid and waitress. -
$20; 10 waitresses, city and country hotels.
$30. $25; restaurant waitresses, $8 week; 2
nurse girls, $In. $20; working housekeeper, $20;
waitress for Monterey, fare here, $25; 50 girls
for all kinds of housework, city and country;
call early. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 316 Sutter.
3 • COOKS, city.... $30
¦ 2 boarding-house cooks................. $30
2 housework- girls, Oakland and' Alameda.. $30
Laundress, city .$25
3 second girls ;....'........:. $20 and SIT*
Second girls. Oakland and Alameda.... $25
20 housework girls, city $25 and $20
MISS HORGAN. .¦..¦¦......323 Sutter st.
LADIES wishing to employ respectable help
please call or address. All mail orders
, promptly attended to. Respectable women
and young girls can secure good positions by
'calling. Wanted, by a lady, position as house-
keeper, best references. Apply HARBRIDGE
& CO.. 323 Kearny at.. -'room 4. -^-v
WANTED— 10 girls to sing for temperance lec-
.turer; commence September 15; must be
. fairly good looking, neat and a good ' voice
and from 10 to 18 years old. Address box
,4790, Call office. . . :,
A STENOGRAPHER capable of writing 75
form letters daily; salary. $20; hours, 8 till 6;
prospect of advance. . Box 4731, 1 Call office.
OPERATORS on chlldren'3 and misses' coats;
new building. Mission and Annie sts bet
Second and Third, third floor.
AN- experienced . second girl, family of two-
references required. Call >at 2112 Steiner st '
between 8 and -10 a: m.
OPERATORS to work in factory. Mission and
: Annie sts. , (new building), between Second
and Third,. third floor.
RESPECTABLE German or American girl for
light housework. Call at 2030 Mission st be-
tween 9 and 12 a. ,m. ¦ - -
BUTTONHOLE makers and finishers wanted.
779 Market St.: • ¦¦¦ - ¦ ; --.
WANTED— A young girl to assist with house-
¦ work. 710 Hyde st. ~ - ' ." •: ¦ '
WAITRESS. and parlor maid. Call from 1 to
4, 1820 Clay Bt. . . . \ , ; ¦
HOUSEKEEPER wanted for -dairy; reference
required. , Box 4728, Call office. . . ,
GERMAN woman for 4 days in week to-do
housework and cooking. 1800 Union st.
FINISHER on i coats, also apprentice; steady
• work, y 354 Geary st. . ' . (
LADIES" to learn, and 'work on gents' neck-
wear. HEINEMAN, 109 Sansome st. y
YOUNG ; lady to • train for nursing;* call Tues-
day.3 o'clock. .PR ..PEANE. 606 Sutter st.
SHOEFITTERS— Experienced table hands and
' apprentices wanted. G. -M. KUTZ CO -103
. Mission st. . '
HELP WANTED— MALE — Con.
AT C. R{ HANSEN & CO.'S 104 Geary st.
...................Railroad Went
........ — .:..'.. Railroad Wcrk
Wanted, 500 men ¦ for -new railroad work:
teamsters, laborers, section hands, tunnelmen
and blacksmiths
.>.... Uklah -...
.../.... Nevada
.".... Truckee
Chatsworth Park
S Wages $2 to $3 a day
10 stonemasons for Truckee $4 a day
20 masons' helpers for Truckee $2 a" day
Railroad work Free v fare Ship dally
2 firemen, country $75 and found
Blacksmith for R. R. camp $2 75 a day
4 blacksmiths for country shops.. $2 50, J3 day
6'. farmers, Monterey County. $123 a day;
gang edgerman, sawmill. $50; 6 lumber pliers.
¦ $35: 20 laborers for sawmill and woods. $25
to $30; 20 laborers for gold and copper mines,
$60 a irionth; 10 muckers, same place, $73 a
month; 100 laborers and teamsters for Great
Northern Ry.. $2 a day. board $4 50 a week:
man and wife for dairy, $'30; liveryman,
country, $30
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Second cook and broiler, large hotel, north,
$73 and $60; colored head and second cook,
$S0 and $60; head and second cook, country.
$70 and $50; cook $00. baker $40. dishwasher
$25, institution, country; candymaker, coun-
try, $7 a week; '6 second cooks, fryers and
broilers, -$60; 3 waiters, country hotel. $25; 2
' porters $25, cook $40, dishwasher $25. same
country hotel; dishwashers and potwashers,
$25 to $30
4 colored waiters, hotel, north
C. R. HANSEN & CO............ 104 Geary st.
AT THE CAL. EMPLOYMENT AGENCY~
59 Third, near Call bldg.; phone Bush 465.
Railroad Laborers
Ukiah Ukiah
FREE PARE
50 R. R. laborers, Ukiah $2 per day
50 axmen and teamsters $2 per day
50 section hands, Santa Fe's own work
60 R. R. laborers $1 75 to $2 50 per day
10 tunnelmen $3 per day
10 rock laborers $2 50 per day
i Sawmill blacksmith $75 per mo. and board
' Porter for rooming-house, $35 per month and
room :
All round blacksmith, country.. $3 50 per day
Gardener and wife, general housework, no
cooking, country $5 per month and found
MAN to pack apples and make cider, $30 and
found; farmer and wife for Nevada. $40:
coachman, $30 and found: gardener, $30 and
found;, man and wife, private family. $40;
2 teamsters, near city, $1 2^ and board; milk-
ers, steady place, $30 and found; butter and
cheese maker; cheese maker and wife, $43;
choreman, $20 and found; teamsters. $3 to $4
day, and others. J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
; 62S Sacramento st.
AT HARBRIDGE & CO.'S 323 Kearny st.
10 graders and laborers... $1 75-$2 30
¦ 50 tunnel and single-hand men 13
50 ditch and surface men ."$2 50
100 laborers, pick and shovel.. $2 25
25 fruit pickers... $1 23 and found
A MAN'lnd wife for private family: man must
I assist in house, $45. MRS. M. E. DAY &
CO., 325 Geary st.
WANTED— Good cake baker. Call at 50S Oc-
tavla st.
GOOD barber wanted; steady Job. 609 Larkin
street.
STRONG boy 17 or 18 to drive: $3 per week.
Call before 8 a. m. at 1042 Golden Gate ave.
GOOD union barber for Tuesday. 1008 Hyde st.
WANTED— First-class clothing man. Box 2294.
Call office, Oakland. -
FIRST-CLASS solicitors wanted. Apply from
9 a. m. to 5 p. m. at 927 Market St.. room 323.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25o
to 50c. 563 Mission st.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
WANTED— A collector and solicitor on salary.
8-9 a. m. 5-6 p. m., T. J. KEEFE. 993 Post.
BARBER shop for sale. 3142, Twenty-fourth
street.
THE P.isdon Iron Works. San Francisco, will
take as apprentices at the trades of machin-
ist, patternmaker and Boilermaker, a limited
number of young men between the ages of 17
and 18 years ; strong and able-bodied; good
references. Apply at office. Beale and How-
ard sts. .
1CC0 MEN wanted— Rock drillers, tunsel. . brush
and shovel men to work on ditch line being
constructed for the Sweepstake Mining Co.
near Weaverville, Trinity Co.. CaL; apply on
work; steady work. good, board and best
. wages in State. San Francisco Construction
Co., 26 Montgomery st.. room. 23. San Fran-
cisco, Cal.
MEN to learn barber trade; positions at $60
monthly secured after eight weeks' practice;
two years' apprenticeship saved; examinations
and diplomas given free: complete outfit of
tools donated; wages while learning; mere
calls for our graduates than can be supplied:
call or write at once for free catalogue and
special offer. MOLER BARBER COLLEGE.
635 Clay st.
WANTED — Recrluts for the marina corps, U.
S. navy, able-bodied, unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of 21 and 35; not
less than 5 feet 4 inches and not over 6 feet 1
inch; able to speak and read English. For
further information apply at the Recruiting
office, 40 Ellis St., San Francisco.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third St.; 150 large
rooms: 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
GOOD man wanted to solicit stationery in of-
fices. Apply before 9 a. m. at after 4 p. m.
at MYSELL-ROLLINS. CO.. 22 Clay st.
GERMAN boy wanted at S16 Treat ave. to
drive milk wagon.
,£00 MEN to buy suits made to order. $1 per
week. A. B. SMITH CO.. 128 Ellis st.
WANTED — 100 first-class house painters. $3.
8 hours" work. Apply room 5S4, Paxrott
building. 8 to 2 daily.
WANTED— An all-round blacksmith to rent a
blacksmith shop with tools; plenty of work.
Adcfrers P. O. box 1S5. Truckee. Cal.
PENSION ATTORNEY EDWARD A. BULLIS.
Past Commander Geo. H. Thomas Post No. 2.
G. A. R., room 40. Phelan bldg.. 806 Market.
WAXTED-Men for light work on fruit. 1731
Folsom st. t
BASTERS on coats: steady work. BELASCO
& HARRIS. 541 Market st.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 563 Mission st.. bet. 1st and 2d st*.
JEWELERS. 328 Bush st.. third floor, room 4.
SAILORS, ordinary, for ships for all parts of
world. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st.
YOUNG man to do janitor work for tuition In
San Francisco Barber School, 741A Howard st.
McDONALD & PERRY have 500 pairs second-
hand shoes for sale; 50c up. 211 Third St.
WANTED— 500 men to buy new and 2d-hand
army shoes, $1 up; soling 20c up. 923 Howard.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket — 700 rooms. 23c night: reading-rooms; free
"bus and baggage to and from ferry.
HORSES AXD WAGONS.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
' " 327 Sixth St.; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
A BARGAIN In good carriage, saddle business
and road horses. DALZIEL. 605 G. G. ave.
BOYCOTT the ROBERTS Harness *rfd Wagon
. Co.: he sells too cheap. 54 Eighth st.
40 HEAD of work and driving horses: 2 fast
pacers. 721 Howard st.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc.. cheap. EGAN & SON. 2117 Miesion st.
AN .A No. 1 express wagon, single: also light
camping wasron for sale, cheap. 5S2 Mission.
. HORSES WANTED.
HORSES wanted to work on scraper Job; foui
or five months' work. Apply at 2« Montgom
ery St.. room 25. -
„ HOSPITALS.
MENTAL and nervous diseases — A few select
cases will be cared for at Hospital and Sanl-
tarlum. 230 Douglass St.. San FranciagQ.
HOUSES TO LET.
A — PRINTED list houses to let; send lt>r dr
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. It Montgomery
A HOUSE of 5 rooms and large yard. 230
-Polk st." ¦¦ - • ¦ ¦ . . ¦
LOST AXD FOUXD.
$30 REWARD— Lost at Sutro Baths, two dla
mond rings, on - Thursday. Aug. 8, 1901
Finder will please return same to 9.15 Halgh
¦ st. and receive above reward.
LOST— Brown water spaniel; liberal rewart
offered. 739 . Golden Gate ave.
LOST— Lady's gold watch; diamond setting
monogram "B";- on. Powell st., between El
. Us and Geary; liberal reward. 1231" Page st.
BROWN purse containing lady's gold watch
monogram H. A. C. ; liberal reward. 14 Eddy
LOST— Pearl dagger-shaped pin: Return t
. 2952, 22d st. and receive reward.
LOST— At Oakland mole. 6 p. m. boat heave
-boa. Return to 515 Pacific st. and reeelv
$5 reward: • -. "¦ . - -
-LOST— A passbook with ; the Hifcernla Saving:
' and Loan Society of San Francisco. In th<
name of JANE J..MEYERSTEIN; No. 34-402
The finder will please return to bank.
IT will pay. to : "Remember" that the Califor
nla Watch Case Co.. 220 Sutter st.. needs ole
'gold to make new watch cases.
' _ MATRIMONIAL,.
MARRIAGE bureau; estab. 1887; reliable ATcon^
fldentlal: lists 10c. MRS. HERTZ. 706 Ellis st
HELP. \V AXTED— FE^l ALE-— -Co^
WANTED— Nurse girl. ' Apply between 10 and
. 12, 1453 Franklin st. ....¦''
A YOUNG girl to assist in general housework;
. good wages. 718 Steiner st.
APPRENTICES on" custom coats. BELASCO,
HARRIS & CO., 541 Market st. . /
WANTED— Finisher on custom coats. 410
Kearny st.,' room 34. - - . -_
WANTED— A young girl to wait- at table In
small restaurant. 108 Hayes st.
WANTED— Elderly Swedish woman for work-
ing housekeeper; light work. 622 Natoma st.
WANTED— A girl for,- cooking and general
housework. Apply, 9 and 12 at 2422 Clay st.
YOUNG girl to assist in light housework; must
sleep at home. • 938 Geary st. ¦ ¦. • -
EXPERIENCED saleslady for bakery and con-
fectionery. Apply 2209 Fillmore st. - " y
WANTED— A prood tailoress on fine ladies' tail-
oring. DANZIGER, 237 Powell st. v ¦
WANTED— Pants finishers. 258 Tehama st.
GIRL wanted to do general housework and
. attend children. . 103 Juniper st.
WANTED— Good girl to work in tailor shop.
883 Halght St., near Devlsadero. ¦ ¦ *
GIRL for general housework. 818 Hayes st.
WANTED immediately," women and girls to
work 'on fruit; . Eteady work; highest wages
paid. California Canneries Co.. 425 Bran-
nan st.
EXPERIENCED canners for fruit; steady
work; highest wages. Apply . California Can-
neries Co.,' 425 Brannan st.
WoVlEN and girls to work on fruit: both
piece, and day work; steady, clean work all
summer. Apply Tenth and Bryant sts.
CODE-PORTWOOD CANNING CO..
WOJffEN and girls wanted to work on fruit;
sttady work at good wages. Apply at CUT-
TING BRANCH. California Fruit Canners'
Association, corner Seventh and Berry sts.
NEAT young German girl to help In bakery.
108 Ninth st.
YOUNG girl for geiieral housework and cook-
lng. Apply 2210 Central ave.; car fare.
.EXPERIENCED operators _ on muslin under-
wear: also learners; paid while learning... G.
W. REYNOLDS. 597 Mission St., cor. Second.
1 OR 2 girls familiar with housework (no cook-
Ing), who want to attend college on econom-
ical basis -will find good home free for work
y they can do at -570 Harrison st.. Rincon Hill.
FIRST-CLASS sewers on tennis gowns, skirts,
etc.. to take work home. H. FRIEDLAN-
DER. 328 Fell st.
'INTELLIGENT, trustworthy woman, over. 25,
by wholesale house; no bookkeeping or sten-
cgraphy. Box 4801, Call office.
WANTED- Girls • to sew shirts: a few Inex-
perienced taught. Apply THE L. ELKES
CO.. 29 and 31 Battery st.
WANTED— Middle-aged woman to help with
housework; good home; small wages. .1527
- Fifteenth st. •
ACTIVE girls to learn laundry work. St^
Nicholas Laundry, Seventeenth and Folsom.
WANTED— Women for light work on fruit.
1731 Folaom st. ' .
EXPERIENCED driving gloves makers; steady.
CARLSON GLOVE CO.. 35 Market -3t. x .
WANTED— Young girl, for light housework;
sleep home. Call 1207^ Scott Et.
HELP WANTED — MALE.
MURRAY & READY Phone Main 5S43
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
Office Open To-Day. 7 a. m.
500 Railrnpd Men Wanted.
Ship To-day."
S. P. R. R Santa Fe Cal. N. W. Ry.
FREE FARE
7." teamsters Ukiah Free fare
f>0 laborers Uklah Free fare
30 men for ballast and right of way and ax-
men. ;
Ukiah. ship to-day Wages $2, $2 23
S. P. R. R.— Free fare. -
Santa Fe R. R.— Fare free.
250 men for the above companies for all
sections of California and Nevada, free fare.
SHIP TO-DAY.
Reduced Railroad Rates to Arizona.
Setter and edgerman for sawraall company,
$3 50 and $3 day; 10 laborers for the woods,
$35 and found; sawyers. $35 to $10; cant hook
men, $40 to $45
MINES LABORERS QUARRIES
- 10 teamsters for lumber company.^..... $49
5 laborers, near city, 8 hours' work $2 dav
5 laborers, brick yard..... $30 and found
10 laborers for a new mine.. $45 to $48 and ftl
10 laborers, quartz mine $60 and found
8 muckers, good mine $60 and found
5 laborers, no experience required for surface
work around mine ..$12 and found
10 quarrymen. $60; 8 drillers. J67 50; 57 laborers,
no experience required, Jl 75 to $4 day
AVORK IN REDUCED FARES
Shasta,. Trinity, Amador, Sisklyou Counties
50 laborers, Co. work $67 00
10 teamsters, scraper and wagons.. '..$2 25 day
15 laborers for an electric power company,-
$50 and found: 10 tunnelmen, $90; 5 drillers.
$75; 25 laborers, $67 50...
MECHANICAL HELP *.
Plumber and pipe fitter, institution. $52 and
found; harnessmaker camp $35 and found;
wheelwright, country shop, $2 50 day;,
blacksmith, country shop, $1 fare, $2 50 day:
camp blacksmith, $65: ranch carpenter. $40
* and found; rough carpenter, country: bridge
carpenter, $3 day; 10 blacksmiths, ranches,
camps and shops, $40. $15 and found, $2 50 to
$3 50 day; blacksmith's helper, no shoeing,
$o2; blacksmith's helper, country shop, $2 50
day; spooltender; man to run capping ma-
chine: 2 carpenters, country; 2 firemen.
- ..FARMS, DAIRIES, ETC
2 milkers, north, $33 and found; butter-maker
Senoma County, $30: 10 milkers and dairymen
for other dairies. $30 and $33; 5 pruner« 10
fruit pickers, > 12 - orchard hands, 43 ranch
hands for steady Jobs, $25 to $33 and found;
5 teamsters for ranch, small teams $30 and
found; 10 hay balers: 10 men, threshing ma-
' chine, $40 and found; 23 choremen and boys,
ranches and private. $15 to $30 and found
MISCELLANEOUS
10 men to handle grain. $3 day, free fare (no
strike); young man to drive and take care of
horses, $20 ,to $30 and found; milk wagon
driver, city, $50; deck hands, $40 and
found; young man to drive bakery wagon
speak German, see boss here, $30 and found-
milk wagon driver, country, $30 and found;
50 teamsters, city and country; 2 men^and
4 wives for ranch, $30 and $60 and found :....
BAKERS COOKS _.
- HOTEL HELP, ETC .7.
15 cooks, city and country, hotels and res-
taurants, $35 to $60; steward for club, south,
$40 and found; 10 waiters, city and country,
$25 to $35 and found; pantryman, country ho-
tel, $35 and. found; 12 kitchen hands, dish-
washers, etc.; socoad baker., country, $3S:
« baker. $60 and found; young man to work
around institution. $15; 3 porters; 2 bellboys:
second bread baker, country, $14 week, and
hundreds of others..... ;..:.
.....Office Open 7. a. m. To-Day. ....!"!!
¦ , MURRAY & READY 634-636 Clay st.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE, 26 Montgomery, rm 12.
Chef. $75; second cook, $40; waiter, country,
$40; 2 more first-class colored waiters, $30.
JOURNEYMEN Barbers' International Unions !
Free employment. 927 Market St., room 207
11 LESS, secretary: telephone Jessie 1176.
BARBERS' CERTIFICATES— Adeline Cope-
-. land. Notary Public, will issue affidavits and
obtain certificates for barbers at room 28
• Crocker building, from 9 a. m." to 5 p m
daily during the absence of the State Board
of Barber Examiners.: . '
MASTER Barbers' meeting to-night at 102
O'Farrell St., 8:30 p. m. S. HELLER, Secre-
tary Master Barbers' Association.
WANTED— Delivery bill clerk; young man who
Is a rapid penman and well posted on loca-
tlon of streets. Apply HALE BROS., Inc.
CABINETMAKERS and bench hands; non-
union ; no office fees. Mechanics' Reglstra-
tlon Bureau. 410 Kearny St.. room 24.
.WANTED— Cooks, waiters, dishwashers ¦ and
.potwashers; permanent positions; good pay
no fee. 127 Mason st. *
STEADY young man to drive butcher wagon
: W > ARR I EN7.2^Fnfmore T 8 " nd Apt>1^
GOOD, strong errand boy. - M. KRAKER : 224
Bush st. ¦ ¦. , ¦ - - '
GOOD cook wanted; call early, 39 Market st ¦
no Sunday work. " "'
OPERATORS on children's coats (new build-
-lng). . Mission and Annie ¦ sts:, third floor. ¦
BOY to run errands; must live between 9th
and 17th sts.. about. Box 4730. Call office:
WANTED— A plumber.. . 29S7 • Sixteenth ; st.;
CHARLES REHN. \ ..A
WANTED— young man, experienced preferred,
; to work in grocery store. -435 Third st. .
WANTED — 50 men : td . room. ' New Cambridge
543 Howard st. ; 10c,' 15c and 20c per night.
WANTED— Good bootblack for barber shop.' 7
'. Powell st. . • ; ¦ .
DISHWASHER wanted 315 Grant ave.-/.-.;^:
. BUTCHER: boy lo\drlve wagon and make
I ¦ himself generally . useful. . 1004 Hyde st. - :
. WANTED— Bellboy, Commercial Hotel; must
1 sleep at home; wages, $12. ¦
: FIRST-CLASS frame joiner and fitter. M. C '
I ANSBRO, 1138 Sutter. St. ¦ -,
GOOD bootblack wanted at . 1405 Polk : st.
WANTED— A strong boy over 16. Shade Fao-
IV torv.y 1135 Market : et.. , UDstairs.' •
MATTRESSES AXD PILLOWS.
TO order, also cleaned and sterilized, uphol- ,
stery- Al carpet cleaning; honest work guar-'»
anteed.' HOPKE BROS.. 411 to 415 Powell at. : 1
fl. Bu«h 421.
MEDICAL.
RETURNED -
MRS. DA VIES has returned from her vaca-
tion and will be pleased to nee her friends at
the old number. 1228 Market st.
DR. TALCOTT & CO.— Practice confined to
weaknesses and diseases of men only. 937
, Market St.. corner Sixth: entire upper floor.
A — Dr. G. "W. O'Donnell. renowned specialist:
I treat ladles only; all classes of female com-
plaints relieved: quickest results. 1013 Market.
MP.S. K ALLEN. 1113 Market— Reliable la~
dies' specialist: a priv. home before anil dur-
ing confinement: best medical care; low fees.
HINDOHERB AND MRS. DR. DA VIES'
original method of treatment: maternity
home: stamp for circulars. 112S Market. S. F.
MRS. KOHL removed from Market to 410
O'Farrell st.. between Taylor and Jones.
THE WTETH Maternity Home removed from
Post to 410 O'Farrell st.. near Taylor.
iMISCELLASEOt'S^— FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLP1IAN. 133-137 Fr-paont st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, restaurant and po-
ker tables, barroom chairs, linoleum, new and
second hand; we always have a large stock of
saloon outfits on hand; 32 complete outfits on
one floor, ready made: we can ship evervthing
In 21 hours. J. NOONAN. 1017. 1019. 1021. 1023
Mission st., above Sixth; write for catalogue.
Graphophones. Phonographs. Gramophones. $5 to
$150: easy terms: children's toy graphophones
$1 50; 2d-hand Phonographs. Gramophones very
cheap. Columbia Phonograph Co.. 125 Geary.
AIR compressor. 3 sizes. 5, 10, 20 stamp mills;
: 30 mising cars, pumps, locomotive, rail mo-
tors, generators; 4 sets hoisting works; steam,
and water power. J. B. Jardine. 220 Fremont.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear, machinery, en-
'• gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys.
: etc. WHITELAW. 253-2:53 Spear st.
ALL kinds second-hand building material, lum- .
her. lath, brick and firewood; lowest . prices.
Dolan Building Supply Co.. 1611 Market st.
ONE set Fairbanks-Morse platform scales: ca-
pacity 80.000 pounds. Inquire at office Risdon
Iron "Works, cor. Howard and Beale sts.
A— $3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats, $1 73. Popu-
lar Price Hatter3, 330 Kearny st.. near Pine.
FINE suits. $10: dress pants. $2 73. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery St.
MOVING picture attachments for magic lan-
terns, $12 50. 109 Montgomery st.
NE"W $70 White, drop head, oak sewing ma-
chine cheap. 1915 Mission, near Fifteenth.
TWO gasoline engines for sale, cheap: 1 4-hors*
p. Colie, 1 2^4-h. p Hercules; at 90S Kearny st.
SAFES — New and second hand. THE HER-
MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento St.
FOR sale— Fresh Jersey cow; milks 5 gallons.
4150 Seventeenth st. j
DIAMONDS, watches, jewelry; cash or Install-
ments. Theo. Fershtand. 126 Kearny. r. 29.
GASOLINE engines, all sizes, new and second
hand. J. E. DOAK. 511 Mission st.
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern engines and
boilers bought and sold. KROGH MFG. CO.
BAR outfits, showcases: all lengths and sizes.
J. SCHWERDT. S21 Mission st. "
WE pay big prices for ladies' sealskins. Port-
land Loan Office. 25 Stockton st.
ID-HANS machinery of all kinds bought, sold,
rented, exchanged. ~H. S. White. 516 Mission.
ENGINES and boilers: second-hand machln-
ery. J. BURKE, 139 Beale st. "
FAIRBANKS' 10-ton, hay scale; Jeweler's steel-
lined safe, perfect order. 216 California st.
Gasoline or distillate engines, new and 2d hand :
all sizes; guaranteed. NEWELL, 56 Bluxome.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving pi<?-_(
tures. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post st.--^
MISCELLANEOUS WAXTS.
TII/TON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154. 9th St.; tel. Folsom 2522.
3IOXEY TO LOAX.
AA^jANHAT^rASrTro^Sr^OMPANY!^*^" 1
$3CO,0CO at 6 per cent tn sums to suit. City an«l
Oakland; town and country property, second
mortgages, life insurance & securities. Loans
on unsettled estates, undivided Interests in
real estate and legacies. We will purchase any
of above securities. Tel. Red 5024. SAX-
i HATTAN LOAN CO.. 7th floor. Crocker bid?.
ANY AMOUNT at 6 PER CENT
First, second and third mortgages
"Undivided Interest In real estate in probate..
Mortgages and legacies bought; no delay
Get my terms before doing business elsewhere.
R. McCOLGAN
24 Montgomery st.. room 3
HERMAN MURPHY. 603 Examiner building—
X5.0C-0.000 at 6% or less in large sums; loanst
on second mortgages, estates, etc.: financial
problems of all sorts and sizes. If your prop-
erty is mortgaged and you need more mon*7
see HERMAN MURPHY. 603 Examiner bids.
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent; first,
second mortgages, estates In probate. Interest
In estates, legacies, chattel mortgages; secur-
ities, manufacturing, mercantile and mining
Interests; corporation loans. R. 16. 1st floor.
Chronicle building. HALLORAN & OLSEN.
RELIABLE corporation, established 1SS5, proper
place to borrow money on diamonds, jewelry,
pianos & sealskins, at lowest rate of interest.
9 Grant ave.. near Market; tel. Black 5471.
MUNICIPAL Loan Office. 103 Grant ave.. near
Geary st; phone Red 1603.
HIGHLY respectable, private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 946 Market
St.; teL Main 1644. Branch 19 Third st.
ON real estate. 1st or 2d mortgages & on furni-
ture or pianos without removal: any amount:
lowest rates. Becker & Co.. 26 Montgomery.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc.. by prlvafv"
party: no removal; no commission; conflden-T
tlaL Room 3, Conservatory bid?:.. S01 JonesA
ON furniture, pianos; no removal; money
quick; lowest Interest: easy terms; no broker-
age; reliable party. 1170 Market st.. room 68.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds
watches. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL. 10 Sixth:
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
ON real estate, 1st or 2nd mortgages & on furnl-
ture or pianos without removal; any amount;
lowest rates. Becker & Co., 26 Montgomery.
S25.CC0 IN trust to loan at S per cent: city or
country: see me before going elsewhere.
HARPER. 397 Parrott building.
A— ON real estate; lowest rate; no brokerage-
no delay. LICK. 116 McAllister st.
ONE per cent on furniture: S3 a month on each.
S1000: any security. 302 Montgomery st.. r. L
MONEY loaned salaried people without secur-
tty. Hill, r. 44. Merchants' Ex.. 431 California.
OX salaries or wages: no indorser required. S.
F. DISCOUNT AGENCY. 143 Phelan building.
LOANS money on salary: no indorser: Eastern
plan. Western Loan Co.. 309 Phelan bldg.
S1CO.00O TO loan on real estate or for building;
low rate. -222 Sanscm? st.. room 2.
THE Tousley Company; loans and discounts.
321 Parrott building.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
lndorser. MORRELL. 603 Examiner building.
UIOXEY WASTED.
LOAN wanted— *lC00~wantedT~For further In-
formation address box 4619. Call office.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS. \
| A FEW Excellent Bargains in Used Pianos. P
A Raven & Bacon, square {23
A Mozart, square v 50
A Symphony, square 75
¦ "An Emerson, squara V'l
A Weber, square 125
A Richmond, upright, oak 17".
A Radle, mahogany i 200
A €pielmann 225
A Hamilton BO
A Gabler ...: 3<V)
A Byron Mauzy 330
A Sohmer *4»>
" A Steinway Concert Grand 4V>
A Sohmer Concert Grand 500
BYRON MAUZY. 30S-310-312 Post St.
ALL pianos purchased of SHERMAN. CLAY &
CO. may be exchanged for a new Steinway
upright or baby grand piano any time within
3 years from date of purchase, and have full
price allowed. New upright pianos. $8 per
month: some good pianos sold for 13. $4 and
15 per month. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO..
Steinway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
sts.. San Francisco: corner Broadway and
Thirteenth »t.. Oakland.
THE WILEY B. ALLEN CO
S33 Market st.. S. F. : 951 Broadway. Oakland.
/ A magnificent stock of pianos and organs.
f Big discount this week,'
ALL highest grades sold by Heine Piano/ Co..
¦ sole agents for famous and oldest American
makes. Including Hatlet-Davis; great bar-
rain list. J50 up; Steinway. J1S3 up: Fischer.
J100; Chlckering. $163; 20 others, rents $2 up;
great Inducements to agents... 217 Geary st.
ANY piano cold by us taken back any tim»
within 3 years and full purchass pr!ce al-
lowed on a new i r^rless Knabe at regular
price: costs you only We a day to buy a piano
lrom us. KOHLER & CHASE. 30 O'Farrell
• rt.: established 1850.
AN upright for $73. J10O. J130, $200 if you wartfV I
Deckers for J45O. J3C9. $550, with 20 per cenJC-
dlscount If you buy this month. What mor«
do you want? Cash or payments. Th» Zeno
i Mauvala Music Co.. 769 Market st.GRAND HOTEL.
V Schadt, Oakland
F W Trull. Vallejo
L R Poundstone, Cal
P S Turnbull, Fresno .
N J Nelson, Mojave
W Welth, Riverside
C Cox & w, Elmo
J Hagenland'& w, Tex
Mrs Johnson. Marysvle
J Mlllay & w, Ariz
R O Cline," Los Ang
L M Squln, N T <¦
J Wallbrldge. Yreka
G D Haven, Los Ang
C W Lane, Oregon
J Chambers, ¦ Penn
Mrs Rankln, Los Gtos
Miss Rankin, Los Gtos
C N McLouth. Cal
J S wauk ' & w, Colusa
T Welter, Minn
T W Phelps. Los Ang
L Smart, Cal
J McClung. Orovllle .
L Helman. Orovllle
J King, Kalamazoo
Dr Taggart. Bakersflld
D J Healy, Los Ang
A Robinson & w, Glry
W Mahoney,»Santa Crz
W P Thomas. Ukiah
M- Allen, Chlco -
H Worment. Va
T L Donnelly, N Y--
J C Eurst, Nevada'"
F.H Conn, Sacto
L G Smith, Gonzales
L Mllllngton. Colusa
J D Turner, Modesto
W D Buckley, Stocktn
J Oswald. Bakerfleld
J Kaseburg, Roseville
H R Allen. N Y
Mrs Ragsdale, Mllwke
Mrs Bevls, St Louis
Miss Bevls, St Louis
J P Snook, Sacto
W A Hlvely, Corona
J Ferguson, Denver
Mrs Hendricks. Sacto
Mrs Irwin. Los Ang
H Stoat, Ills
C F Buck, 111
Mrs Langdon, S Rafael
J Ruddock, Uklah
A J Bates, Los Ang -
S R Frlck, Sacto
W D Aiming. Chicago
J Daly. Chicago
H N Bate, England
S Stanley, Chicago
C A Knapp. Los Ang
J C Hanver, Pac Grve
JB Weller, Sn Jose
T M Worrell. St Louis
N E Holt. Detroit
J Harkness, Mo
T Fisher, Seattle
J Turner & w. Seattle
Mrs Merton, Belmont
TV Schort, Oakland
W Hodgson, Butte Cy
PALACE HOTEL.
C A Rice, Manila'
W B Lemly. US M C
J_H Johnson, ¦ Manila
A~M Ferguson, Manila
E L Phillips. U S A
K Walker. USA
C C Smith, US A ,
F W Vallle. Wash D C
C S Untermeyer, N Y-
S Kaiser. NY
W J DeLamater, N T
J Lewis & w. Phlla . -
Miss Lewis. -Phlla
Miss Rosengarten,' Phil
H E D Jackson,. N Y
T M Towl & w, NY
Mrs Dean. NY. .
HG Morrow, Phlla.:.
C Gorton, NY ".
A-Bergevin & w, Chgo
Mrs Dormas/ S Barbar
G Harvey. Oakland -
B Bfl»oks, Bakersfleld
C H Souther, Yreka ?
W Walrath, . Syracuse ,
J Cravens & w, Pasdna
EBarney, Pasadena
D Carman & w, Mnlla
Mrs Chllds, Redding |
G H Taylor Jr. : Denver
Mrs Hoffman, NY ',
Miss Hoffman/ N Y
Miss, Bosenf eld,' N T
Miss Sternbach. N T
E Wellte, N Y • -
J: Dennett JryAriz
R R_Meyer. Los Ang
Mrs Rosenbaum, Stktn
F Drew & w , Cal
Miss A Dougherty. Cal
W Swain. Maryaville
C Humphrey Jr. U S A
C Baker. U S A
Major Burns, Manila
Major Armstrong, Mia
E Garllngton. U S A
C B- Wilson & w, Cal
D Johnson. Omaha
Mrs Nixon, Nevada
E Wells Jr, . Chicago
W Porter & w, Chicago
Mrs Partridge,- Chicag
Mrs Waldron. St Cruz
E Squire. Cal '
J^H Morris, Phila
W ft Morris, Phlla -
J Hutchlnson. Canada
T G Flnlay, Canada.
O F- Martin, - Canada
B L RIordan,' Canada
J'Trleber & w. Ark
Miss. Trleber. Ark
Mrs Johnson. ¦ Mich -
Mrs Hamersbough, NT
Miss Frohman. NT
W Petrle. Sacto
H O Bond, - Sta Clara
J Underwood, Chicago
Margaret Hurley, Bstn
Gertrude Hurley. Bstn
T Hurley, Boston ,'
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
WALKENSHAW WINS THE
MTLE RACE AT WINDSOR
Hackett Carries Off the Money in the
Steeplechase, Full Course, at
'¦ Saratoga.
BUTTE, Aug. 12.— Results:
First race. S trotting— Adeline won in. two
straight heats.' D C S second, Chlspa third,
Placer fourth. Best time. 2:25%.
Second race, four furlongs — Prestonlan won.
Jerry Edwards second. Arllne B third. Time,
:4S. .
Third race, one mile— Harry Thatcher won,
Regalonsr second. Favorite third. Time, 1:44.
Fourth race, six furlongs— Estado won. Tufts
second. Pirate Maid third. Time. 1:16.
Fifth race, five furlongs— Foul Play won. Es
plrando second, Ellis Glenn third. Time,
1:01%.
Sixth race, seven furlongs— El Mido won,
July Gyp second. The Buffoon third. Time,
1:29.
Seventh race, three and a half furlongs — Mc-
Albert won, Grace W second, Hurtle third.
Time, :42&. -
DETROIT, Aug. 12.— Windsor results:
First race, one i mile, selling — Walkenshaw
¦won, Dousterswivel second, Ethel Wheat third.
Time, 1:41%. -
Second race, five and a half furlongs—Hun
tressa won. Amlgara second, Dunsboro third.
Time, 1:08%.
Third race, mile and a sixteenth, selling —
Meggs won, Mr. Pomeroy second, Remp third.
Time, 1:49.
Fourth race, one mile— Frelinghuysen won.
Aloha II second, Baffled third. Time. 1:41%.
Fifth race, seven and a half furlongs, sell
ing— Sauber won. Tempt second, Ben O'Fiallon,
third.- Time, 1:36.
Sixth race, six furlongs, selling— The Bronze
Demon won. Porter B second, Athara third.
Time, 1:14%.,
SARATOGA. Aug. 12.— Results:
First race, five and a half furlongs, maiden
two-year-olds— Keynote won. Destitute second,
Rockwater third. Time, 1:08 3-6. • •
Second race, six furlongs, selling— Sarner
won. Satire second, Apple of My Eye third.
Time. 1:13 4-5.
Third race, steeplechase, full course — Hackett
won. Lost Chord second, Bacchanal third.
Time, 6:22.
Fourth race, five and a half furlongs, two
year-olds—Yankee won, Chilton second, • Dixie
Line third. Time. 1:08 2-5.
Fifth race, mile and a sixteenth, handicap —
Decanter won, Terminus second. The Amazon
third. Time, 1:46 2-5.
ST. LOUIS, Aug. 12.— Delmar Park results:
First race, four and a half furlongs — Mada
bell won, Attel second. Royal Ruby third.
Time. :56%. t
Second race, six furlongs, selling— Tenny
Belle won, Miss Gollghtly second, Mrs. Gran
nan third. Time. 1:16%. '
Third race, one mile — Ida Ledford won, Roch
ester second. Belle Simpson third. Time.
1:41*^4.
Fourth race, six and a half furlongs, purse-
Jim Clark won. Verify second, Four Leaf C
third. Time. 1:21.
" Fifth race, mile and a sixteenth, selling—
Hardly won. Meddlesome second, Swordsman
third. Time, lioO.
¦ Sixth race, six furlongs— Invocation won,
Tickful second. Kiss Quick third. Time. 1:15.
CHICAGO, Aug. 12.— Harlem results:
First race, five furlongs — Pronta won. Lucy
Lockett second, Baby Bill third. Time, 1:02.
Second racl, six furlongs— St. Cuthbert won.
Money Muss second, Maggie Davis third. Time.
1*13 S-5.
Third race, steeplechase, short course —
Flaccus won. Crest second, Grey John third.
Time 3:40 3-5. v
Fourth race five and a half furlongs— L»5rd
Quex won. McChesney second, Rosewar third.
Fifth race, ' mile and three-sixteenths—Her
menclawon,_ Alaska second, Havlland third.
Sixth race. ' one mile, selling— Sam Lazarus
Esq won.'W. B. Gates second, Mondoro third.
Time, 1:41. , : •
BUFFALO, N. T., Aug. 12.— Fort Erie sum
"Vlrst race, six furlongs— Merriment won,
Spry second. Dixie Queen third. Time. 1:14%.
Sftcond race, five furlongs— Concertina won,
Mowich second. Bourbon King third. Time,
1:02.
Third race, mile and a sixteenth— Baronet
won. Filibuster second, Orontas third, i Time,
1:48%. - -. ...
Fourth race, six furlongs— Beau won. Little
Sallie second. Exit third. Time. 1:14%.
- Fifth race, six furlongs— Pharoah won. Hie
Away second, Scorpio third.- Time," 1:14.
Sixth race, one and a sixteenth miles — Gray
Dally won, AH Saints second, - Free Lance
third. Time.- 1 1:47%. .. :} r . :
BOSTON AND PHILADELPHIA
SPLIT EVEN IN TWO GAMES
AMERICAN LEAGUE
DETROIT, Aug. 13.— Errors were responsible
for the loss of to-day's game. Both Garvin
and Miller pitched splendidly. Attendance, 1962.
Score: • . "¦•... .
R. H. • - E.
Milwaukee •' - S 2
Detroit - -•• * 8. 3
: Batteries— Garvln and ¦ Maloney; Miller *nd
Shaw.
CLEVELAND, Aug. 13.— The locals put up a
yellow game to-day.. Attendance, 2300. Score:
, Clubs— ' ""'¦';• * R- H. E.
Cleveland .'.....: 2 10 9
Chicago .....: ...17 18 l
Batteries— Dowllng . and .Wood; Griffith and
Sullivan.
¦ BOSTON, : Aug. 12.— Boston took the first
game to-day by hitting the ball when men were
on bases. .; Slow , fielding behind Mitchell . ena
bled Philadelphia to pile up runs In the second.
Attendance. 4700. Score: . - ¦
Club* 1 - R. H. E.
Boston :....... 6 10 ' s
Philadelphia 0 7 2
• Batteries— ¦Winters and Schreck; Bernhardt
and Powers.- ¦.•
Second game— Score: , . ':
Clubs— 9 '¦¦:¦ ¦¦','- R.: H. E.
Boston .....I.'.... 1 ¦* 5 ' 4
Philadelphia ;....-..:... 7 ,- 12- 2
¦ Batteries— Mitchell and • Crlger; Plank and
Powers. i. .
NATIONAL LEAGUE.
8T. LOUIS, . Aug. - 12.— St. Louis won from
SANTA ROSA, Aug. 12.— The opening
card of the race meeting under the
auspices of the Santa Rosa Racing Asso- j
elation at Pierce Brothers' track to-day '
was an Interesting one, and everything
points to a : week's good sport. Horsea
and horsemen are here from all parts of
the State, the weather is ideal and the
track Is In perfect condition. The attend
ance this afternoon was large for an
opening day, and while 'the betting was;
not especially lively considerable money |
changed hands. Caesar Youngr has the
pool privileges. George Hogoboom and
Thomas Bonner are starting the horses,
the former handling the runners and the
latter looking out for the trotters. "Jack"
Dinue has charge of the track, and C. C.
Belden acts as clerk. P. H. Quinn Is pres
ident of the local association and Thomas
Bonner secretary.
Preceding the regular programme two
of the Santa Rosa stock farm's horses
went against time. Fram, a bay stallion, j
with Lafferty up, went In 2:23%, and On;
Stanley, with George Ramage * driving,
went around in 2:21-/..
The card consisted of a 2:16 trot and
three running races. Alta Vela, S. A.
Hooper's fine bay stallion, took the first
event in three straight heats in 2:17%, 2:16
and 2:15. The finish between Mike Rice
and Catherine Bravo in the six furlong
running event was full of interest, and in
the last race of the day, the mile run. !
Limber Jim, B. F. Hobart's chestnut !
geldin^ that had been selling as an out
sider, walked off with the purse easily.
Summary:
First race. 2:16 trot, purse *450. mile heats,
best three in five:
Alta Vela, Electloneer-Piedmont (S. A.
Hooper) i i i
Floradora (B. Lafterty) ..'.. 2 4 4
Puerto Rico (J. G. Cuicello) 4 2 5
Dan W (J. Albertson) 5 5 2
Lynall (G. W. Klngsbury) 3 3 3
Time, 2:17%, 2:16^2, 2:15.
Second race, running, purse $150, five furlongs
—Skirmish. War Sign-Lady Lyons (Hobart).
117, first; Lou Cleiveden (Alviso). 117, second;
Pidalia (Slocum). 117. third. Time. 1:02%.
, Third race, running, purse $150. six furlongs-
Mike Rice, Felton-Mr. McAllister (Tullett),
119, first; Catherine Bravo (Logue). 110, second;
Pongo (McNIchols). 119, thirds Time, 1:14.
Fourth race, running, purse $100, one mila —
Limber -Jim, Snuff Box-Mildred (Hobart), 119,
first; Coming: Event (C. Ross), 117, second;
Twinkler (McNichols), 121. third. Time, 1:42.
Alta Vela- Takes the 2:16
Trot in Successive
\ Heats. '
San Francisco Breweries, Limited (incorpo
rated 1899) to The Debenture Corporation, Lim
ited, conveys property In N Misc. 63 (trust
agreement), same • as last six descriptions
above ; . ,'¦"''
Frank Shellhorn or Shelhorn (devisee under
will of Charlotte Sahlman, deceased) to Hol
land E. Miller, lots 7 to 11 'in block F. cor
rected map of Nicol Tract, Fruitvale, Brook
lyn Township; $2600. Q
¦The Debenture Corporation; Limited (first
party), and San Francisco Breweries, Limited
(incorporated 1S90) (second party) to San Fran
cisco Breweries, Limited (Incorporated 1899),
third party, conveys property in 1421 D. 325,
San Francisco (deed of trust) ; also lands,
buildings, leasehold property of the Brooklyn
Brewery and the Oakland Brewery of Oakland
and the Hofburg Brewery of Berkeley, also
breweries, in San Francisco and Santa Clara
counties; also conveys property in N Misc. 69
(trust agreement); also Oakland Brewery, on
lot on NE corner of Telegraph avenue and
Durant street, E 102:11, N 93, W 127:1V S
94:6, block -B, Fountain place; lot on W line
of Broadway, -93 N of Durant street, N 93 by
W 128, block B, same; also lot on N line of
Durant street. 90 W of Broadway, W 25 by
N 63, block B, same; also lot on E line of
Telegraph avenue. 96:4 N of Durant street N
16:6V6, S 15:8%, W 114:11. block B, same, Oak
land; also Brooklyn Brewery on lot on W
corner of East Fourteenth' street and Eigh
teenth avenue, NW 150 by SW 120, block 12.
San Antonio, East Oakland; also Hofburg
Brewery, '• on lot on intersection of E line of
San Pablo avenue with center line of Straw
berry Creek, thence SE. 246:4 to W line of
Aadison street, NE 203, NW 259 to center line
of Strawberry Creek, thence W following
creek 230 to beginning, Berkeley; also prop
erty in other counties and property hereafter
acquired; . ' .
C. W. and Elizabeth C. McAfee to H. B.
Gottshall, lot on E line of, Fifth street. 196:2
N of Delaware, N 50 by E 141, portion of
block 66, Tract B, Berkeley Land and T*wn
Improvement Association, Berkeley; $10.
, Louisa' E. Price (same) to same, E 50 feet of
W 100 feet of S 30 feet of lot 6. block 3, College
Homestead, being parcel 7, map of Haste-street
opening for public street. Berkeley; $75.
Mary A. Townsend (widow) to same, lot be
ginning ' at SE corner of lot 8, block 3. map
hereinafter referred' to, N 30. "W 32.16, SE 30.08.
E 34.35, portion of lot 8, in block 3, same; also
parcel 2, same; $10. ;
The ' Berkeley Friends Church to Town of
Berkeley, lot beginning at center line of Haste
street. 230 W of Fulton, W 50 by N 30, portion
of block 3, College Homestead Association, be
ing also parcel No. 6, Haste-street opening,
Berkeley; $75. ¦ - r*»
William J. and Elizabeth Kltto to Fred S.
and Lettie L. Forster. lot on S line of Thirty
second street, 165 W of Grove, W 50 by S 140,
lot 9 ; In block 2037, Rowland Tract, Oakland;
no. .._.,_ ' . .
H. S. Abbott (as special master) and Minne
sota Thresher Manufacturing Company to Ros
coe H. Bronson, lot on W line of Linden street,
200 N of Thirty-second, S 50 by W 139:9, lots
23 and 24, block 675, Glascock Tract. Oakland;
also property In other counties; $125,000.
Maggie A. and Margaret Carr (by Henry
Hauschildt, commissioner) to John P. Mar
chado, lot 6, map of Carr Tract, Eden Town
ship, same; 1 $250.
Edward A. and Mathllde C. Anderson to
Isabel Enos, all interest in lot on N line of D
street. 55 W of First, W 97 by N 208, town of
Hay wards, Eden Township; $10.
Estate of Rosetta A. Sedgley (by Edith C.
Sedgley and John Kelso,' surviving trustees) to
Rosetta L. Lee (widow) and George Center, lot
on SW corner of Versailles and Lincoln ave
nues, S 70 by W 141, Alameda; $10.
Homer E. Osborn to Flora Osborn, lot on E
line of Paru street. 100 S of San Antonio ¦ ave
nue, S 50 by E 147, lot 13, block K, Oak Park,
Alameda; gift.
Alameda County.
Peter T. Seculovich - to Mary E. E. Theriot,
all interest - in streets, lanes and avenues on
Gift Maps 1 to 4 and Holly Day Addition; also
Western Addition block 60, bounded on the N
by Geary street, E by Polk, S by O'Farrell and
¦W by Van Ness avenue;, also lot on E line of
Mission street, 178:7 S of Fair avenue, S 1:5 by
B 183:6, Precita Valley lot 360; also lot on E
line of Mission street, 240 S of Fair avenue,
S 2:6 by E 183:6, ¦ Precita Valley lot 362; also
lots 257 and 259. Gift Map 1; also lots 430 and
439, Gift Map 2; also lots 569 to 572, 574, 995 to
998. Gift Map 3; also lots 2524, 2525, 2540, 2541,
865, 1937 and 1938. Gift Map 4; also block bound
ed on the E by Islais Creek, S by San Bruno
avenue, W by Potrero avenue, N by Dickinson
street, quitclaim deed; $2000.
Albert C. Aiken to Olive Verkouteren, lot on
SE corner of Kingston and San Jose avenues, S
29, E 86:3, N'29:7%, W 88:8%.' part of lot 15,
Kingston's Map 2 Precita Valley lands; $10..
Annie H. .Theller to same, 'same, quitclaim
deed; $10.
- San Francisco Lumber Company to Frank O.
Hale, lot on N line Sadowa street, BO "W of
Plymouth • avenue, W 25 by N 125, block G,
Railroad. Homestead; $10.
George A. Hensley to Mary Bailey, wife of
E: J., lot 4,- block R. Mission-street Land Com
pany; $10. ;. " . -- • -. -
H. C. Finkler to Aileen J. Flnkler, lot 16,
block A. Spreckels' ¦ subdivision of . Park H1U
Homestead No. 2; gift.
Andrew L. and .Arrie L. Edwards to Theo-*
dore Witts, lot on E line of Tenth avenue, 273
S of M street, S 25 by E 120; $500.
Thomas Smith to Matilda Smith, lot on E
line of Florida street, 150 N of Seventeetfa
(Santa Clara), N 25 by E 100; gift
Harry Crone to Rasmus Rasmussen, lot on
W line of Tennessee street, 200 S of Twenty-
Second (Sierra), W 92. NW 9. S 23:5, E 100. N
25; $500.-
Same to same, lot on W line of Sansome
street, 34:4% N of Pacific. N 34:4% by W 67:6;
$10. - . . • .
John and. Josephine McHugh to Mary E.
Reilly, lot on SE corner of Guerrero and Twen
ty-third streets, S 25 by B.100; $10.
: George S. > and Rosa Sherman to John Mc-
Gushin, lot on N line of Valley street, 228:8 W
of Church, W 38:6 by N 114; $10.''
Thomas L. Lyons to Frances H. ' Lowndes,
lot on "W line of Sansome street, ' 33:10% N of
Pacific, N 6 ' inches by W 67:6, quitclaim
deed; $1. ¦ • • '¦ ,
John Center, William H. and Grace M. Crim
George S. Crim and as trustee under the wili
of Samuel Crim for Samuel M. and William H.
Crim Jr., to Simon and Julia Bauer, lot on E
line of Florida street, 163 N of Twenty-first,
N 23 by* E 100; $1100. '• ..'
Moses and Martha A. Ellis to "William and
Alma R. Conner, lot on : N line of Union
street. .201:0% W ofPolk. W 25 by N 137:6; |10.
William T. Hollingr to Frederick Tillmann Jr..
lot on • NW corner of Washington and G6ugh
streets, W 137:6 by N 127:8%; $10. '
Charles W. Rohrhand to Bella Rohrhand. lot
on NE corner .Bush and Laguna streets, N 22:11
by E 82:6; gift.'
Emma G. Butler to Alfred J. Rich, lot on
NW corner Sutter and Laguna streets, W 82:6
by N 112:6; $10. • .. ....
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Santa Rosa~ Race Meet
ing Opens With
Fine Sport.
Cincinnati to-day by a timely bunchins: of hits
in the fourth and eighth innings. Attendance,
30CO. Score:
Clubs—' ' R. H. E.
St. Louis 3 13 ' 2
Cincinnati :.,¦.... 5 , 8 1
Batteries— Sudhoff and Schriver; Hahn and
Peltz. Umpires— O' Day and Brown.
THE INVAI>EE EASILY
WINS THE SECOND EACE
. CHICAGO, Aug. 12.— In a twelve-knot
breeze and a smooth sea the Invader, the
Royal Canadian Yacht Club's challenger,
won the second race of the Internationa!
series for the Canada's cup almost as eas
ily as the defender, the Detroit Boat
Club's Cadillac, won the first race last
Saturday.
The Invader gained 4 minutes 27 seconds
on -what was intended to be a beat to
windward of nine nautical miles, but
which, by reason of the wind hauling be
rore the yacht had made two miles- to
weather, became a close-hauled reach
and on the run home off the wind the
challenger added 2 minutes more to her
lead. The elapsed time was: Invader.
3:08; Cadillac, 3:14:22.
To-morrow's race will be over the tri
angular course, as on Saturday.
SPEEDY HORSES
CITHER PURSES
THE SAN FRAN^IRCO CALL; XUESDAY, AUGUST 13, 1901.
11
OFFICE of C. Q. M., Vancouver | Barracks.
Wash., Aug. 6, 1901— Sealed proposals tn
triplicate, will be received here until 11
o'clock a. m. August 21. 1301, for furnishing
and delivery at Vancouver Barracks, Wash
126 Standard Artillery Horses; delivery to
commence within sixty days after award ¦ of
contract; preference given to animals of do-
mestic production, conditions of quality and
price being equal.. United States reserves the
rlg^htto reject any or all bids or any part
' thereof. For further Information see circular
¦ to bidders or apply to this office. Envelopes
containing proposals should be - marked :
"Proposals for Artillery Horses," and ad-
dressed to the undersigned.
J. W. JACOBS. , C. Q. M.
San Mateo County. ;
OFFICE 816 MARKET STREET.
' • J. HENDERSON.' Manager.
Mt. Olivet Cemetery,
Eugene McGinn. McGINN BROS.
Funeral Directors and Embalmers.
. 81 EDDY STREET.
Telephone South' 262: • - San Francisco.
No Connection With Any Other House.
SAN FRANCISCO. Cal.. Aug. 12. 1901-Sealed
proposals In triplicate will be received here
until 11 a. m., Tuesday, August 27, 1901 and
then ' opened, for , construction (Including
plumbing, heatlnc, electric fixtures and elec-
tric wiring), at the U. S. A: General Hospi-
tal, Presidio of San Francisco, Cal., of Iso-
lation ward (Ward F). Government re-
serves • the right to reject or accept any or
all bids In whole or In part. Preference
given to articles of domestic production con-
ditions of price and quality (Including in the
price of foreign productions the duty thereon)
being equal, and such preference given to
articles of American production produced on
the Pacific Coast, to extent of consumption
required by the public service there In-
formation furnished on application to J. M
MARSHALL, Assistant Quartermaster Gen-
eral, U. S. Army, Chief Quartermaster
PROPOSALS for Quartermaster's Supplies De-
pot Quartermaster's Office. 86 New Montgom-
ery St., San Francisco, Cal., August 5 1901—
Sealed proposals, In duplicate, will be re-
ceived at this office until 11 o'clock - a m
Thursday, August 15, 1901. Pacific standard
time, and then opened, for furnishing Sad-
dlery, Wagons, Machinery. Hardware Leath-
er, Hardwood, Lumber. Wagon Parts, Wagon
Covers. Early deliveries are essential. Pref-
erence will be given to articles of domestic
production and manufacture, conditions of
price and quality being equal (Including in
the price of foreign production and manu-
facture the duty thereon), and such prefer-
ence will be given to articles of American
production and .manufacture produced on the
Paclflc Coast, to the extent of the consump-
tion required by the public service there. The
United States .reserves the right to accept or
reject any or all proposals or any part there-
of.. Information and blanks for proposals will
' be furnished on application. Envelopes con-
taining proposals will be Indorsed "Propo-
sals No. 6624," and addressed to Major OS-
CAR F. LONG. Quartermaster.* U. S. Army
Depot Quartermaster. ;
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office.
421 Market street, corner First.
W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
- Wednesday. September 4. 1901
SS. NIPPON MARU.. Friday. September 27. 190t
STEAMERS "WILL LEAVE •WrHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p m
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on
day of sailing.
SS. AMERICA MARU... Saturday, Ang. 10. 1901
SS. HONGKONG MARU
TOYO KISEN KAISDA.
COMPASNIB GSNEEALE TBARSATLANTIQ.U2
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. . ftl ,,.
Salllns: every Thursday, Instead of -CranTa
Saturday, at 10 a. m., from pier 42, ~S*aJ*aS
North River, foot of Morton street; La Nor-
rnandle. August 22; La Bretarne, August 29:
La Champagne, September 5; *La Savoie, Sep-
tember 12.
First class to Havre, $70 and upward. Second
class to Havre, $45 and upward. GENERAL
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES and CAN-
ADA. 32 Broadway (Hudson bulldinsr). New
York. J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Paclflc Coast
Agents, 5 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket -Agents.
•Twin Screw Express Steamers.
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION GO.
And CIA SUD AMERICANA D2 VAPORES
To Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican. Central
and South American ports. Sailins from How-
ard 3. Pier 10. 12 m.
PERU Aug. 1S1PALKNA .Sept 4
GUATEMALA.. An*. 2? (COLOMBIA ..,.Sept. 88
These steamers are built expressly for, Cen-
tral and South American passenger service.
(No change at Acapulco or Panama). Freight
and passenger office. $16 California street.
• BALFOUR. GUTHRIE & CO.. Gen. Agents.
occaiflts.sxojasi
S. S. MARIPOSA, for Honolulu only '.
• Saturday, August 31. 2 p. m.
S. S. SONOMA (via Honolulu), for Samoa.
New Zealand and Australia
Thursday. August 22. 10 a. m.
S. S. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti ,
i Wednesday. September 11. 10 a. m.
J. D. SPSECXELS & BROS. CO., Ganaral Agents. 327 Kaiist St
Esn'I Fasuijpr OfSs, S43 Mirtet St., Piar la. 7. Pacific St
PANAMA R. R. S K ?
TO NEW YORK VIA PANAMA DIRECT.
Cabin. $105; Steerage. $40; Meals Fro*.
S. S. Argyll . sails . , Au£.
S. S. Leelanaw cnils - • •",? . Aug.
S. S. Argyll . sni's . Sept.
' From Howard street at 2 d. m.
Freight and passenger office. 330 Market st
F. F. CONNOR. Paclflo Coast Agent.
BAY AND BIVEB STEAMERS.
FOB U, S. NAVY YARD AND VALLEJO.
Steamers GEN. FRISBIE or MONHCELLO
9:45 a.m.. 3:15 and 8:30 o. rn.. except Sun-
day. Sunday. 9:45 a. m., 8:30 p. m. Leave*
Vallejo. 7 a.m., 12:30 noon. 6 p. m., except
Sunday. Sunday. 7 a. m., 4:15 p. m. Fare at)
cents. Telephone Main 150S. Landlnjr and of-
fice, pier 2. Misslon-st. dock. HATCH BROS.
f /Tr^ 10 * 1 ' T^ ST JtITMEVTS Con. j
A LIST cf fine second-hand pianos-1 Emer- I
pon l Hallet & Davis, i Conover. I Curtai. 1 I
gSl l P*V*&12«* *1«S. «c; easy payments.
£££*: , C *- R TAZ & SOX. 1C OFarrell st..
ChSckerin?, \ ose. Sterling- Agency; also
Apollo, ktr.g of self -player*.
ANOTHER cleanins-out sale of M crape pianos
O^» r^ n pricfl: *« ln*taUirw>«: no reserve
-WILSON'S STORAGE CO.. 17<S 'Market St. - •
AT KEEFFE'S, 22 Turk St., near Market-
Shonlnger. Schubert and Steln-xay bargains. «
CALLED sway; forced to Facrince; laree 3-
p^al upright p'.ar.o. 3:6 Turk st.. near Hyde.
575 AND upward— Fire uprights. PIERCE' 5
I'iano Factory. Market. 14th and Church sts.
A NEAT, email Fischer upright piano for sale
cneap. Bex 4642. Call orfiee.
LEFT on sale. ?So mahorar.y case Fischer ud-
rlght piano. Ttoom 2S. 217 Geary st. ;
a b «£ej»£ & r Poit sr"-*'- 00 t " a: '° for * 275 -
ELEGANT new upright rtanos for rent S3 n«r
mo. SC0TT-CURTA2 Piano Co.. E6o'KayeB.
" K '.'£!?"<?£• v »clins. zithers, old and new. H
¦uLLLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
fcTFlNWAV. J200-. Hartman. HOC 1 ; elegant new
t-ianos. HOP up. W. C. Hamilton. 8 Flood bldg.
G 2pi\,^ n *; h^ nd A11 V :p7i S ht f <"- sale cheap.
SCHMIJ/,. 16 McAllister St.
A LARGE lot of second-hand upright pianos
lor .^ale cheap. HORXUXG'S. 116 McAllister.
A FINE upright piano for ea'.e cheap. S37 Mc^
Olt^
OIL tanks, secord hand, in good crder- all
sites: cheap. H. p. WHITE. TAK Minion st.
FERSOSALS.
A— IF your hair is falling or you are bald, call
en DR. G. S. MOORE. S32 O'Farrer. st.. and
you will not be disappointed; th'.s remedy Is
positively iruaranteed : preparation sect to all
parts of the world: gall or send for circular.
- Ol*R new book free, sealed, fully Illustrated,
treats of all conditions of men. how to attain
"Perfect Manhood"; should be In the hands
T -.'^y, er> ' rnale n<Snlt. Address ERIE
MEDICAL CO.. "Book Pept.." Buffalo, y. T.
517 50— SOLID oak bo<5room set: plate mirror.
$1— Solid cak chair: factory price.
*-— Enamel beds, a'.l fIzpf. Tel. Folsom 1325.
Seareys Credit House. 1429 Missicn. r.r. 30th.
ELECTBIC light in every room— "Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third Ft., near Market: 70C room*;
:5c to M ;,» per n'frht; $1 50 to J6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
H "WEEKLY— Suits to order from genuine
Scotcli, $15 up: fine dress suits. S20 up; ele-
pant cvercoets. $15 up. LEON LEMOS. 1117
Market St., between Seventh and Eighth.
WHITE «nam»I Iron beds, sir.sl*. three-<juarter
or double. 12 IS. EASTERN' OrTFITTING
CO.. 1S1O-:312 Stockton St.. nca- Broadway.
I*RIYATE detective work; reasonable rates; 10
years' cxpori?r:re. .T. B. Ray. S3G Mission st.
LADY hair dresseV, a small room all fur-
nished: cheap rent. ElMs st.
"WANTED— The address of CARL WEBF.R.
tailor. Write X. Davis, tailor. Trackee. CaL
KACE masrape: a new and scientific treatment
done at 111 Mason st.. A. ZIRKEL.
DR. LAMOTTE'S French Com Paint, the best
corn cure; £"<¦; all druggists.
ALFREDVM.S Egyptian Henna: restores gTay
hair to its natural color: II: at all druggists.
El'PERFIXOUS hair and moles destroyed with
electric needle. MISS nATON". 11W Sutter st.
TAILOR-MADE suit?. $7 50: dress pants. J2 50.
Misfit Clcthjng Parlcr. cor. Bush and Dupont.
OLD sold, silver, diaircnds and precious stones
bought. J. R. JENKEL. S17 Market st.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
* CHEAPEST and best In America— The "Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $L
postage raid.
PALMISTRY.
MRS. LAMB, scientific palmist: head and face
reading: lessons given. 617 Jones ft.
PHYSICIANS AXD SL'RGEOXS.
DTI. "WONG HIM. herb doctor, successfully
treats all diseases of the human body; see
testimonials at office. 115-117 Mason, nr. Ellis.
DR. C. C. O'DONNElir- Office and residence.
1021 Market St.. bet-ween Sixth and Seventh.
A— PR. WONG WOO. herb doctor; sanitarium.
7C4-766 Clay st.; see testimonials at office.
PLAXIXC AXD TCRMXG MILLS.
WOOD and Ivory Turning Planing. Shaping
and Sawing. CARL F. HAAS. 95 Fremont et.
REAL ESTATE CITY FOR SALE.
ELEGA5?T"honje;" r "sacfinced" J at"'hilf "original
cost; 11 sunny rooms, bath, attic, basement
with furnace; all in fine order; lot 80x114;
large garden: magnificent view; part cash,
balance mortgage, or exchange for Income city
Improvements. Owner. 50S California, room 30.
6IX. seven and eight rocms cottages; also two
fiat bouses In block between 17th. ISth, Castro
end Noe sts.; hi cash, balance monthly pajr-
irente; Oirtro or Guerrero-st. cars. F. KEL-
SOX. builder.
roa Sale — A bargain: income property; S-stcrr
house; lot 4Sx75:« feet; southeast corner- Ma-
son and Pacific sts. Call or address 734 Shot-
veil st.; no agents.
BARGAIN — House and lot for sale; lot 23x112.
Inquire at 22 Oak Grove ave.
HEAL INSTATE — COU\THY — For Sal*
A MCCCET maker and lovely home — Just think
cf it: actually (li>G0 Income this ye«r Xrom
this 22 acres of sediment loan:; complete and
poofl set of buildings, including stock and
tools only J30C0; steomer landing on place;
. freight Jl a ton; fare 50c to San Francisco.
T GOOD AXD VERY CHEAP.'
120-acre general farm; fenced: 30 acres cul-
tivated: IS acres orchard and vineyard: b«l-
anoe Al wooded pasture; several springs;
complete eet buildings; some stock and tools;
fare round trip frcm S. F. only $1 60; less
than 2 miles from It. R_. Sonoma Co.. only
J2006. <
HERE'S ANOTHER.
At leas than half aetsal value. Well Im-
prcTeti MO acres, Sonoma County, general
tarm for 13000; though only 30 acres are now
cultivated there is fully 100 acres more easy
to brine under caltivation: all good srain.
fruit or vineyard eoil; balance Al wooded
hill pasture: will carry fully 50 cattle: 100
hogs and sll work stock; a money maker;
watered by living creek and several springs;
includes stock, etc
N. D. STCKELS. the Land Agent. S Geary-
—FOR EALE NEAR SAN FRANCISCO
Email tracts, SCO to S30 per acre, on Rancho
Cot&tl. Sonoma Co. : future value assured as
Ban Francisco Is growing rapidly; location
best for poultry and general farming. Apply
to The Cotatl Co.. 3C2 California, st-. for pam-
phlets or Information.
POtTLTRT and dairy ranches for sale: write for
free list. C. "R. W1XFIELD. Petalunia. CaL
CHOICE farm bares ins: call or send for list.
Wooeter. WhStton & Montgomery. 634 Market.
A "WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The "Weekly Call,
16 pages, tn wrapper for mailing tl ner year.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.-
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
FOR SALE.
• Great bargains of valuable lota In Alameda.
1—50 lots: S1S0 to JIO0.
J— J lots; 25x250; 1200 each.
8—4 lots; 25x2C7; COO.
4—1 lot: 40x1X5; $450.
5—1 lot; 50x125: tSSO.
6— 1 lot; £0x120; $350.
7— House of 8 rooms; large lot; $S500; reduced
to $5260.
8— Elegant house on Qinton ave. of 8 rooms;
modern; |5CO0. • - -
E. D. JCDD & CO.,
1424 Park st., Alameda.
BARGAINS In linpTwed . and unimproved prop-
erty acquired by foreclosure; one-quarter
cash. BANK OF ALAMEDA-
BERKELEY ADYERTISEMMTSL
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
CALL and see the two new 5-room cottages I
am building: high basement; mantel; all the
latest plumbing; well, tank and windmill;
10 raiautee to R. B. station; price only $1400;
$100 cash; balance on easy payments. J. R.
PERKINS. Lorin Station. Berkeley.
ICEW 6-room cottage, high basement, mantel,
folding doore, tiled Fink, pantry, electric and
sas fixtures; all the later^ open plumbing;
only 2 minutes' walk to rUlroad station;- H
block to electric cars; price only 41800; $100
cash, balance like rent. J. R. PERKINS.
Lorin Station. Berkeley.
FOR eale— in Berkeley, near university, 6 new
modern houses ; email payment down, balance
Eame as rent; lot 40x138; street work com-
plete; lawn and garden made: 10 bearing fruit
trees on every lot; house ready to move Into;
. water connected; push buttons and electric
fixtures; Fhades, mantel*, bookcases and *.Jde-
board: 6. 7 end 8 rooms; from $2C00 up; grand
¦ marine view; cement walks ; porcelain tubs;
0 1 two closets and fences. M. L. WCRTS,
Seventeenth st. and Broadway, Oakland.
BARGAIN in 8-room house and corner lot in
Berkeley; al! modern conveniences; owner
sells owing to removal south. J II. LOGIE,
712 Market Et.. city.
OAKLAND- AHEIITISEMENE
CFFxCH— 1118 BKOADWAY.
_ OAIvLAXD REAL ESTATE.
J1500— REDUCED £500 for quick eale.
Owners took property for a debt; cannot
occupy it; hence will sell at a sacrifice; one-
story and a half; 5 rooms and bath; all mod- ,
em conveniences; lot 35x100; convenient to
cars, schools, etc.; almost new: first come
first served. J. S. MYERS & CO..
h<\ 1002 Broadway, Oakland, Cal.
JS0C0-SHOULD sell for J5G0O. Not my fault.
Owners must have money: hence a sale
without reserve: 9 rooms and bath; all mod-
ern conveniences;- lot 80 feet front; No. 1
neighborhood; house alone eald to have cost
13500. One week only.
J. S. MYERS & CO.,
_^ 1002 Broadway, Oakland, Cal.
JSiOO PROPERTY for J25CO.
Lot 50x140; sunny and convenient to cars,
schools, etc.; 6 rooms and bath; owner has
left Oakland on account of sickness and must
sell; this Is a bargain and must be seen to
"be appreciated. J. S. MYERS & CO.,
1002 Broadway, Oakland, Cal.
$100 DOWN, balance small monthly payments;
two-story 8-roomed house with bath, hall,
bay-window, basement, etc. ; all newly paint-
ed, papered and tinted; in flrst-class condi-
tion; north or sunny side; 3 blocks from local
station; street work all done; stone walks
In front and about the house;. Insured for
$1200: bank loan now $1100; can be increased;
pood neighborhood; close to schools, churches
and train; chance to get a big- bargain if
taken at once; title perfect; rent value $13
per month; only $1600 on monthly payments;
liberal discount for quick cash sale; house
not occupied and can be seen at any time;
investigate at once; keys at the office of
* GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO.,
Exclusive agents for this -property,
.1008 Broadway, Oakland.
$175 CASH; $9 monthly; \ acre, more or les*,
with a rustic cottage of 3 rooms; chicken
house, shed, etc.; nice assortment of full-
bearing fruit trees; fine living spring; city
water in house; 6- foot picket fence, trees and
shrubbery; fine soil; no fogs nor raw winds;
nicely sheltered: Just the spot for chicken
raising; price $900 all told; two blocks from
electric car line; 9 minutes' walk to local
train S. F. ; near 2 fine school houses and 2
churches; adjoining East Oakland. Call or
pend for circular. 455 Seventh St., opposite
Broadway Station. Oakland: carriage free.
HENRY Z. JONES, Owner.
REAL property center of Oakland; NE. oorner
Fourteenth and West Bts. ; lot 12. block A:
0x51: with cottage, etc; offers invited to close
partition estate of Flood, deceased. D.
MITCHELL, lawyer, corner Ninth and Broad-
way, Oakland.
HOUSES of every description and price for
eale or rent. Apply to W. E. BARNARD,
111S Broadway: telephone Main 10.
FOR SALE— OAKLAND-
~ iri ~ -'"'-¦¦" rj " ¦ n ~ '^ r -' -"- n -- • r -" 1 - 1 .~-^~^~-~0^ j-- -i -1-^.-1 __n_i_f
FOR rale— A cne-half interest In an excellent-
paying business to right party possessing
business qualities, who must take charge of
office; an Al opportunity. Inquire of HILL-
MAN & CO.. 911 Broadway. Oakland.
OAKLAXD FURNITURE FOR SAL13.
AN Introduction to you from H. Schellhaas. the
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
ROO3IS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
CAPP. 634. near Twenty-first — Three furnished
housekeeping rooms; private family; refs.
CAPP, 624—2 rooms for light housekeeping; rent
reasonable.
EDDY, 933—4 unfurnished sunny rooms; pri-
vate residence; no children; fine location.
FIFTH, 353—3 connecting housekeeping, $14;
also 3, $20; also single, ?4 up a month.
EIGHTH. 225 — 3 unfurnished sunny rooms for
housekeeping; water free; $10.
HOWARD, 72S. near Third— Housekeeping
rooms complete, ill; also front room, $7.
HYDE, 40S— Sunny front parlor suite complete
for housekeeping. $25; also basement suite.
LEAVKXWORTH, 1003— Large room, carpeted,
partly furnished; connected with complete
kitchen; adults; JK.
MARKET. 1035 — A nice sunny suite of house-
keeping rooms; also single.
MINNA. 434— Large furnished room for 2 men
or light housekeeping, $1
OCTAVIA, 1403, cor. Geary — Sunny bay-window
kitchen and suite or single, 16 up.
POLK. 1002 — 3 and 5 room suites, completely
furnished for housekeeping: $15 up: reference.
SECOND, 212— Furn. rooms for housekpg; other
rooms; clean and respectable; no children.
SHOTWELL, 87S — 2 sunny connecting rooms:
separate entrance; gas, range, bath and
laundry.
TURK. 525— Solar flats: fine; new; Chicago
ptyle; 1 to 5 room suites for housekeeping:
unfurn. and furnished: electricity; Janitor.
VAN NESS, 400—3 connecting furn. sunny rms. ;
stationary tubs; yard; private entrance.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore at.
ROO3IS TO LET — Furn. and Unfarn.
AHLBORN HOTEL— 221 Grant ave.— Best $1 a
day family hotel in city; polite attendance;
large rooms, 50c up; meals, 23c; free coach.
A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE, 148 Sixth— Rooms,
!5« to $1 per night; $1 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
ARQTLK, 234 McAllister — New, elegant, sunny;
grill attached; country visitors find no place
like the Argyle; take McAllister-st. cars.
AT Shasta House. 246 Third — 200 rooms, newly
renovated: 25c to $1 night; phone Black 4915.
BACHELOR Hotel. 18 Mason St.— 100 newly
furnished rooms, $1 £0 per week up; elevator,
electric lights In every room, return call bells,
flrst-class, quiet, central.
BURNETT. 1428 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nisbed rms., suites, single; also unfurnished.
CLIFFORD. 104 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
ELEVENTH, 225, near Howard — Sunny front
furnished room: rent $4.
FIFTH, 107— Pleasant, sunny unfurnished
rooms to let.
FIFTH, 264 — Nice front room for young man;
closet; bath; $7.
FOURTH. 323—3 sunny front rooms, suitable
for 1 or 2 gentlemen; rent reasonable; up-
stairs.
GEARY. 405. The Navarre— Elegantly furnlaHed
FUites and (single; travelers accommodated.
HAIGHT. 222— Two or three perfectly appointed
housekeeping rooms; sunny alcove; for cou-
ple: gas range; telephone; references.
HARRISON, 670— Newly furnished, well lighted
rooms, $1, $1 25, $1 50 a week, with board,
$3 50. $4, on Rincon Hill, 4 blocks from Pal-
ace HoteL
HOTEL 8T. DENIS (European plan), 24 Turk
et.. near Market— Central location; new build-
ing; elegantly furnished; strictly flrst-class;
SQc per day and upward; special rates by the
•week or month; best In the city; references;
take Market-st. cable cars to Turk et.
HOWARD, 1063 (The Harvey)— Sunny furnished
front bay-window room; electric lights; $10;
others.
HOWARD. 1063 — 2 completely furnished sunny
connecting housekeeping rooms; running
water; electric lights.
HOWARD, 1609 — 2 connecting eunny house-
keeping rooms; gas, bath; private family.
KEARNY, U. and 47 Post— Offices or sunny
furnished rooms; en suite or single.
MARKET, 1015 (New Arlington)— Nicely fur-
nlehed rooms, $2 a week up; 35c a day up.
MARKET, 1055, upstairs— Furn. rms. for hskpg,
$10; also rooms for transients; baths.
MARKET. 1802— Modern house: furniture new;
gas grates; running water; all outside rooms;
gentlemen preferred; references.
MARTINET, 1101 Geary— Elegant suites, newly
furnished: private: bath; single rooms $10 up.
MASON. 107— Nicely furnished sunny front
rooms; also housekeeping rooms.
McALLISTER, 978— Sunny furnished rooms.
MINNA. 667. corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room, $1 per week; transient.
O'FARRELL. 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; elec. lights; day, week, mo.
PINE, 988 — Newly furnished rooms; fine loca-
tion; reasonable.
ROYAL House. 126 Ellis— Incandescent light;
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par-
lor; rooms, per night, 35c to $1 50; week, $2 to
$8; month. $8 to $20; elevator on ground floor;
rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth at.,
neir Market— Furnlehed or unfurnished. •
STEVENSON. 257. between 3d and 4th— Sunny
famished rooms to let; moderate prices.
STOCKTON. 332— Nice sunny clean suites and
. single rms.; run. water;" baths; phone: cheap.
TENTH. 123. 1 near Market— jLante sunny front
bay-window room; rent reasonable.
THE CECTLENE. 930 Van Ness ave. .
Bachelors' apartments; elegantly furnished;
' all eunny rooms: references. . .. .
$1 10 WEEK: lance sttnny furnished room,
closet, bath, private; running water. 834
• Fol*om Bt. . '
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
. received at Call branch office, 2204 Flllmore st.
RED STAR LIN2.
New York and Antwer©.
From New York Wednesdays, at U noon.
•Zeeland August 21 Vaderland Sept. It
Friesland August 28 Kensington .:..Sept. IS
Southwark Sept. 4 Zeeland ........Sept. 23
•Stop at Cherbourg, eastbound.
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO
CHA3. D. TAYLOR.
General Agent Pacific Coast, 30 Montgomery st.
AMERICAN LINE.
pZW TOKS. SOUTHAMPTON. LOTCON. PABI3.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
Trom New York "Wednesdays, at 10 a. ra.
?Zeeland August 21 Philadelphia ...Sept. 11
St Paul August 2S St. Paul ."...Sept. IS
St. Loula Sept. 4 St. Louis.. .....Sept 25
PROPOSALS for clothing and Equipage,
Depot Quartermaster's office, 36 New, Mont-
gomery St.. San Francisco. Cal., August 9,
1901— Sealed proposals, in triplicate, will be
received at this office until 10 o'clock a. m.,
Monday, August 26, 190L Pacific Standard
Time, and then opened, for furnishing Cham-
bray Shirts, Scrubbing Brushes and Mosquito
Bars. Bids will be opened for the delivery of
the same article? at either the San Francisco,
Boston. Chicago and Philadelphia depots, and
are for the same for which bids will be
opened at the other depots.' To avoid mis-
understanding as to the oxact nature of the
articles to be furnished, bidders will careful-
ly examine the standard samples and speci-
fications, «o that proposals may be submitted
by them with a .full knowledge of what will
be required, as an absolute compliance with
the- standards and specifications will be In-
sisted upon in the inspection of the goods.
Bidders upon the scrubbing brushes will be
permitted to submit samples differing from
standard and specifications In order that a
selection may be made therefrom should any
of them prove to be equal to or superior to
standard. Bids upon samples differing- from
specifications and samples upon which bids
are Invited, with the exception indicated, will
under no circumstances be entertained, nor
¦will unguaranteed bids be considered. Pro-
posals for lees quantities -than advertised for
will be entertained. Bids for delivery or In-
spection at other points tha.n those named
above will not be considered. Early deliv-
eries are essential. Bidders must state In
their proposals the rate and time of delivery
shoJld contract be awarded to them. Prefer-
ence will be given to articles of domestic pro-
duction and manufacture, conditions of price
and quality being equal (including In the
price of foreign production and manufacture
the duty thereon), and such preference will
be given to articles ot American production
and manufacture produced, on the Pacific
Coast, to the extent of the consumption re-
quired by the public service" there. The
United States reserves the right to accept or
reject any or all proposals or any part there-
of. Information and blanks for proposals will
be furnished on application. . Envelopes con-
taining proposals will be endorsed "Proposals
No. 7365," and addressed to Major OSCAR F
LONG, Quartermaster, U. S. Army, Depot
Quartermaster.
COMPANY'S FLEET OF FINE STEAMERS
TO DAWSON.
Connections made at DAWSON FOR at.t.
LOWER YUKON RIVER POINTS.
For freight over this route, quick dispatch is
assured; to the traveler, comfort and quick
time.
The "White Pass and Yukon Route is th«
Summer Tourist's Paradise.
E. C. HAWKINS. General Manager. Seattle.
Wash. - •- ...
J. FRANCIS LEE. Traffic Manasrer.
Skaguay, Alaska: Seattle, Wash.
M. P. BRASCH. Com. Agent.
536 Market st. City.
Direct connection made at WHITE HOR^E
WITH BRITISH YUKON NAVIGATION
To the ATLDI, WHITE HORSE. HOOTA-
¦LINQUA. BIG SALMON. ST2TSVART RIVER,
KLONDIKE and YUKON MINING Dl£
THICTS.
Ocean steamers connecting -with rail line at
Skagruay. Alaska.
DOUBLE DAILY TRAIN SERVICE BE-
TWEEN SKAGUAY AND \VHITE HORSE.
Special Steamer from White Horse to Hoota-
linqua and Big Salmon mlne3.
WHITE PASS AND
YUKON ROUTE.
SS/GEb Sa W. A^y^^EEfF' f '"^ "
Sails Aug. 6. 18. :«. Sept. *5*I*5 23
D.W. HITCHCOCK. GEN. Agt..l Montgm'y. 3.F.
8TEAMER TICKETS INCLUDE BEBTH «n3 MEALX
6S. COLUMBIA 1
XiO'w.tJS'T rates.
PORTLAND, Or.,
And Short Rail Lino from Portlani to alt
points East. Thronfch ticket* to all
points, all rail or ntsamshio and rail, a!
°nly Steamship Lino to
O. R. & AT. CO.
SAMUEL W. BACKUS,
J. J. SCOVILLE. Secretary.
President.
NOTICE to architects— Office of Directors of
Veterans' Home, room 13. No. 220 Sansome
St., San Francisco, Cal., August 13 1901.— To
Architects: Under an act entitled "An act to
provide for the erection of a modern hospital
building for the Veterans' Home, located at
Yountvllle, Napa County, State of California,
and appropriating money therefor," approved
• March 26, 1901 (Statutes 1901. page S23) the
Board of Directors ot the Veterans' Home of
California hereby Invites and advertises for
plans and specifications in details for the
erection and construction of a modern hos-
pital for the Veterans' Home, located at
Yountville. Napa County, In the State of
California. Said hospital shall be erected on
the grounds of the Veterans' Home of Cali-
fornia, at Yountville, Napa County, in this
State, oti the part of said grounds set apart
for such purpose by the said -Board of Di-
rectors, to wit, in the open field or lot north
of the present hospital building. The amount
to be expended In the erection and construc-
tion of said hospital, including the payment
for the necessary plans therefor, and all nec-
essary expenses therefor, shall not exceed
th<? sum of twenty-five thousand dollars
($25,000), as provided by said act above en-
titled, which said act, and the whole there-
of, is hereby referred to and made a part
of this notice, the same as if written at
length herein. Drawings— Drawings shall bft
of the usual working scale; drawingrs in black
and white. Architects competing are further
referred to the site for the erection of said
building, as hereinbefore referred to. . Com-
pensation— The architect whose plans shall be
chosen shall receive a commission or premium
as architect, to be paid for his services, as
compensation, as follows, that Is to say, he
shall receive the sum of five hundred dollars
($500) for plans, specifications and working
details, the architect not to supervise the
construction of the building. The plans,
specifications and details ultimately to be
prepared shall conform to all legal require-
ments of buildings of the character above
described. -The plans specifications
herein referred to must be delivered to the
Board of Directors, or the secretary thereof,
at the office of the Veterans' Home of Cali-
fornia, room 13, 320 Sansome St., San Fran-
cisco, Cal., on or before 12 o'clock noon, on
the seventeenth day of September, 1901.' For
further information competing architects are
hereby referred to the said secretary at said
room 13, 320 Sansome St.. San Francisco,
Cal. The said Board of Directors reserve the
right to reject any and all plans and specifi-
cations submitted. By order of the Board of
Directors of the Veterans' Home of Califor-
nia. Dated this 10th day of August, 1901.
PROPOSALS.
(C^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 10 o'clock, from the parlors
of H. F. Suhr & Co., 1137 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth. Interment Mount
Olivet Cemetery.
HATCH— In Alameda, August 11, 1901, Mary
Harris Hatch, widow of the late William
Hatch, mother of Augustus, Theodore, Graf-
ton. Melville. Willie and Clara Hatch, Mrs.
¦ Otto von Trot and Mrs. 7 W. F. Aram, and
maternal aunt of Mrs.- Julia E." Locke of
Los Ansreles. a native of Massachusetts, aged
93 years and 7 months.
HEGMANN— In Santa Rosa, August 12, 1901,
Gu&tav Hegmann, .beloved husband of Bertha
Hepnann, and father of Jossei Hegmann, a
native of Elberfeld, Germany, aged 42 years.
HBNJE- In this city. August 12. 1901, Louis
Henze, a native of Germany, aged 60 -years.
HOOPER— In this city, Sunday, August 11,
1901, 10:15 a. m., at his residence, 2509 Wash-
ington street. Colonel George F. Hooper,
beloved husband of Maria Carroll Hooper.
- aged 75 years. (New York and Baltimore pa-
pers please copy.) ' -
ETFuneral from St. Dominic's Church,
corner Bush and Stelner streets, . to-day
(Tuesday), at 10 o'clock. Interment private,
. Calvary Cemetery, i Please omit flowers.
HOUSKIN— In this city, August 12, 1901, Oscar
Houskln, beloved son of Kate and George
Houskln, a native of California, aged 30
years and 3 months.
E7"Remalns at the funeral parlors of
Charles H. J. Truman & Co.. 318 Mason
Btreet, between O'Farrell and Geary.
KRAUS— In this city, August 11. 1901, David
Wolf Kraus, dearly beloved, husband of Ame-
lia, and father of Leopold. Bernhard and
Abraham Kraus, a native of Hungary, aged
43 years 2 months and 9 days.
E7Friends and acquaintances and members
of the Cigarmakers' Union are respectfully
invited to attend the funeral to-day (Tues-
day), at 2:30 o'clock, under. the auspices of
Cremleux Lodge No. 325, I. O. B. B., from
the parlors of.Theodor Dierks, undertaker,
957 Mission street, between Fifth and. Sixth.
Interment New Salem Cemetery, by 3:30
o'clock train. ,- . . .'
MADDERN— In Oakland, August 12, 1901,
Henry, beloved husband of Melissa O. Mad-
dern, a native of England, aged 67 years and
6 mr.nths. '.-¦} i
NIEWERTH— In this city, August 11, -1901,
Maria Louisa Niewerth, beloved daughter of
August and Elisa Nlewerth, and sister of
Frieda Nlewerth, a native of California, aged
4 months and 22 days.
C7 Funeral services will be held .to-day
(Tuesday), at 1 o'clock, at -the residence of
the rarents, 965 Harrison street. • Interment
Mount Olivet Cemetery.
TROTT— In this* city, August 12, 1901, Ann
Eliza, beloved -wife of Hermann Trott, and
C'TFriendg, and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited" to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, at the
family residence. 1462 Eighth street. Oakland.
Interment Mountain View Cemetery.
GOGGIN— In this city, August 12. 1901. at 606%
. Stevenson street, Richard D., dearly beloved
son of Robert L. and Adele Gosrgln, and
brother of Adele Goggin, , a native of . San
Francisco, aged 3 months and 10 days.
HAGSTROM— In this city, August 11, 1901,
Louise, beloved wife of John A. Hagstrom,
and mother of Eva Hagstrom, a native of
Norway,- aeed 38 years 11 months and 10
days. (Sacramento papers please copy.) -. •
IC Friends and acquaintances are respect-
. fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from the under-
taking narlors of McGinn Bros., 31 Eddy
street.
FEIGE— In Lake Rosseau, Ontario, August 1,
1901, Harry R., beloved son of Richard and
Caroline Eeipe, and brother of George, Rich
ard and William- Feise, a .native' of San
Francisco, aged 28 years. . •
IE?"NotIce of funeral" hereafter. ' ' Remains
at the parlors "of J. C. O'Connor & Co., 767
Mission street.
DESMOND— In Altruria, August 12, 1901, Cath-
erine (Kate), wife of Timothy J. Desmond,
a native of Sydney, Australia, aged 42 years.
C?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 244A Twelfth street, thence to St.
Joseph's Church, where a solemn requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose
of her soul at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery. • •
CONNOLLY— In Sacramento, August 8, 1901,
John, beloved brother .of Patrick Connolly
and the late Maurice and William Connolly
and Mrs. Thomas Dower, a - native of Pros-
peci Hall, County Waterford, . Ireland, aged
46 years. .. .. ¦ . ...
ETFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 9 o'clock, at " St. Patrick's
Church, Mission street. - . .
CLEU— In this city, August 12, 1901, Gladys
Josephine Cleu, infant daughter of Paul and
Helen Cleu.
COLLINS— In this city. August 12, 1901, Han-
na, beloved wife of John B., and mother of
Bartlett and ¦ Carroll Collins, a native of
County Cork, Ireland.
CCTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 8:45 o'clock, from her late
residence, 1746 Hyde street, thence to - St.
Brlgld's Church, where a requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment pri-
vate. v . . . . . . :
CALLAGHAN— At Cook Inlet. Alaska, July 7.
1901, Thomas Callaghan, brother of Mary Cal-
laghan 'and the late John and James Calla-
ehan and Mrs. A. Henchlon. and uncle of
Humphrey- Callaghan, a native of Machroon,
Coupty Cork, Ireland. •
BATEMAN— In this city, August 12, 1901. Al-
¦ bei-t Edward, beloved son of "William and
Mary Bateman, and brother of Jessie, Ella,
Willie and Phyllis Bateman, a native of San
Francisco, aged 15 years 4 months and 14
days.- . ¦ ¦ ¦ .
BRODERICK— In this city, August 10. 1901.
Rcsa Broderick, dearly beloved wife of John
Broderick, and mother of John E., Will H.,
Rose M., Arfha E., Margaret C, Fred L.
and the late Susie T. Broderick, a native of
Carlisle, Pa., aged 63 years 3 months and 10
days. •
DIED.
Bateman, Albert E. Hagstrom, Louise -
Broderick, Rosa Hatch, Mary H.
Callaghan, Thomas Hermann, Gustav
Cleu, Gladys J. Henze, Louis
Collins, Hanna Hooper, Col. Geo. -F.
Connolly, Jo*vi Honskiri. Oscar ¦
Desmond, f itherine Kraus, David W.
Feige, Harry R. Niewerth, Maria L.
Goggin, Richard D. - Trott, Ann E.
MABEIED.
METERS— BETH— In this city, August 10, 1901.
by the Rev. J. M. Buehler, Wallace Meyers
and May Beth. ' '• .••¦.-.
KIMBALL— In this city, August 12.- 1901. to
the wife of E. E. Kimball, a daughter.
SCHROEDER— In Alvarado, August 7. 1901, -' to
the wife of H. Schroeder. (nee Behrman), a
daughter.
BORN,
BIRTHS-MARRIAGES-DEATHS.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
Steamers leave Broadway
*jfc. 'Wharf. San Francisco:
IS^VL- For A ' askan Ports— 11 a. m..
lraM£5L every fifth flay. Change to
; I'Si'wWV^ company's steamers at Seattle.
S^\§V pkw!\i3i" For victoria . Vancouver (E.
; t*%£o*^j5'!iiJ C.>. Port Townsend, Seattle.
¦ Tacoma, Everett. Ar.acort*s
,1 lnd N " ew Whatcom (Wash.)—
11 a. m.J every fifth day.
Change at Seattle for this
company's steamers for Alaska and G. N. Ry.;
at Seattle or Tacoma for N. P. Ry. ;- at Van-
couver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka and Humboldt Bay— 1:30 p. m.
every fifth day.
For San Diego, stopping only at Santa Bar-
bara, Port Los Angeles and Redondo (Los An-
geles) — Steamer Santa Rosa. Sundays. 9 a. m. :
steamer State of California, Wednesdays, 3
a. m. .
For Los Angeles, calling at Santa Cruz.
Monterey. San Simeon. Cayucos. Port Harford
fSan Luis Obispo). Gavlota. Santa Barbara,
Centura. Hueneme. East San Pedro. San Pedro
and 'Newport ('Corona only)— Steamer Corona,
Saturdays, 9 a. m.; steamer Bonita, Tuesdays,
9 a. m.
For En3enada, Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata, La Paz. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mex.^— 10 a. m.. 7th each month.
For further information obtain company' ¦
folders.
The company reserves the right to change
steamers, sailing days and hours of sailing
without previous notice.
TICKET OFFICE -4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agents,
10 Market st.. San Francisco.
OCEAN TEAVE1.
The following marriage licenses were issued
yesterday! . . . , ,, . . v '
Carl' Andersen, 88, Vallejo, and Dora E.
Stedman, 34, city. :
Orvllle L. Sprague, 23, Lincoln. Cal., and
Florence M. Hoffert, 19, Lincoln, Cal. .- .
.Robert^ Bmith, S3, 233 Fulton street, and
Grace Kennedy. 20. Champaign, 111.
John H. L. Shlnlck. 40. 79 Natoma street,
and 'Ellen Hayes, 39, 79 Natoma street., ¦.
Jamea M. Smith, 22, 1069 Tennessee Btreet,
and Lora Stevens, 19, 724 Post street. . ¦ -
Willirm W. Willcox. 48, . Boisa City. Idaho,
and Sonhia Tatro, 28, Boise City, Idaho.
Matthias P. Van Dorveer, 47, city, and Jen-
nlo Becsey,' 42, city. - ' * ' ¦?
Charles H. Henderson, 25,' 172 Clementina
street, and Mary E. Spaight, 26, 500 Anderson
avenue.
John Hughes, 23. 227 Second street. ' and Llt-
zlo A. Andersen, 19, 116 Natoma street.
Nicholas 0. Wllslow, 26, 1595 Post street, and
Tine Furstenan, 22, 1595 Post street. . .
MABBIAGE LICENSES.
OFFICIS of the. Contra Costa Water Company,
room 16. second floor, Mills building,- San
Francisco, Aug. 8, 1901— Dividend No. 191, of
42 cents per share on the capital stock of the
Contra Costa Water Company will be payable
at the - omce of said company, room 16. second
-floor. Mills bulldlngt-on August 15, 1901: trans-
fer books will close on August 9, 1901, at 3
p. m. EDWARD McGARY, Secretary.
DIVIDEND NOTICE— Dividend No. 24 (20 cents
per share) of the Kllauea • Sugar Plantation
Company. will b» payable at the office of the-
company, £27 Market St., on and after Thura-
,day. August 15, 1901. Transfer books . closed
on Friday, -August 9, 1301, at 3. o'clock p.; m.
H. W. THOMAS, Secretary. ' , . :
ROOMS AXD BOAREK *
LARGE, light furnished room: grate, water,
ample closets, with board for 2 ladies or man
and wife. $25 each; American family. For
particulars address or call 570 Harrison St.,
Rincon Hill. Plainly furnished rooms and
beard for two persons. JIG each, or S3 50 p'er
week; references given and expected.
CALIFORNIA. SOT— Stevenson mansion:, select
family hotel exceptional table attractive rma.
HOTEL Repelier, 7S1 Sutter— Newly furnished!
excellent table: special rates to tourists.
THE Crocker. 915 Leavenworth — Fine sunny
rooms, Fingle and en eulte: beautiful grounds.
TWO vtry pleasant sunny rooms, with board;
refined surroundings. 1320 California st;
VAN NESS ave.. £19— Klegant parlor suites: all
conv.; i or l gentlemen; best table board.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents-The Weekly Call,
18 pages, in wrapper, for mailing, tl per year.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
LADIKS— Chlchester English Pennyroyal Pills
are the best; safe, reliable; take no other;
eend 4o stamps for particulars. "Relief for
Ladles" In letter by ¦ return mail: at druK-
K'.ttn. Chlchester Chemical Co.. Philadel.. Pa.
BAD tenants ejected for J4: collections made!
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery St.. rooms 9-10. tel. 63SJ.
Catarrh positively cured with Chicago Msdlca-
tor: trial free; send for circular. SS5 Mkt. r. 8.
•DISEASES and ailments of men treated: oon-
yultation free. American DinntriFnry. S14 Pin*.
SBWIJfG MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, 6old. rented, exchanged; re-
palrlng; lowest rates. TeL Black 1124. 205 4th.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged: re-
palring: lowest rates: phone Mint 45. 14S Sixth
SLOT MACHINES.
TWO roulettes, only jiTTach.' cost~$25<>! US7
Market, bet. 7th and 8th: other machines.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
PIERCE-RUDOLPH Storage and Moving Co..
office Post and Powell sts. ; teL Main 5713.
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse. 840 Mls-
slon st.; tel. Howard 941. F. W. ZEHFUSS.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co. 722 Mlssldn st. j
tel. Main 1840; shipping afr cut rates.
PACIFIC ttoraere and Furniture Moving Coni-
pany. £520 Flllmore St.; phone Jackson 281.
AXD SUPPLIES.
GR E "AT BARGAINS IN^TYPEWRITElfs^U'e
sell better machines for less money than any
house in the city; rentals. $3. The Typewriter
Exchange. 636 California; telephone Main 266.
HARTFORD typewriters; new. J60: anti-trust:
all makes: used machines HO up. 209 Sansome.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
mother of Charles C... Louise B., George L.,
Sarah, Laura, Charlotte and Hermann ¦ A.
Trott,' Mrs. 'C K. Melrose . and Mn. Fred
Reid, a native of Ohio, aged 64 years and 26
days. . '....- . -
-tSfianahan Florist Go.
V 7 ARTISTIC FLORAL DESIGNS
Prices Reasonable. .
107 POWELL st.NCARELLiS S 5056
(Successor to Flannagan & Gallagher.)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS,
20 Fifth st., opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 80. • - " .
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
CREMATION^
The Odd Fellows' Cemetery Association
• Point Lobos ave. ,3. P., Cal..
The ordinance prohibiting burials In San
Francisco after the first . day of August, 190V
does not refer to CREMATION. - Neither does
It affect the COLUMBARIUM, because there Is
nothing - less 'harmful . to the living than ~ tho
ashes of-, their dead. ' ¦ ¦ ¦ . .:
Permits ' to cremate will be Issued by the
Board of Health the same as heretofore. . .;,-..
. GEORGE R. FLETCHER, Manager.;ALL HONEST VOTERS ARE URGED TO GO TO THE POLLS
TO-DAY AND SUPPORT THE PRIMARY LEAGUE TICKET
AUCTIONEER KELLY (TO CROWD) : HOW MUCH AM I BID FOR
THIS BEAUTIFUL CHAIR— THE. MAYOR'S ?
CRIMMINS (TO UNSUSPECTING ASPIRANT) : NOW IS YOUR
CHANCE. WE WILL SELL IT CHEAP AS WE NEED THE MONEY. . .
¦ ."Yes, mamma, replied Tommy, "I
know that; but .don't you know I am a
good boy for them to play with?" — Pltts
hurrr Press. ' ¦ -- ¦ -. . - ¦¦
Tommy Smith was playing with the
Jones boys. His mother called him and
said: "Tommy, don't you know those
Jones boys are bad boys for you to Dlay
with?" . .
VANCOUVER.'B. C.; Aug. 12.-The for
est fires- which annually destroy thou
sands'-of dollars 1 worth of- property; are
now raging: on the British Columbia coast.
Reports to-day, from, up the ; coast 'State
that several small islands have been com
pletely denuded of trees, and the. wood is
so' dry that fires on the mainland, once
started, spread with awful rapidity.
Flames Level -Forests.
Rev. Dr. Dille read a paper descriptive
of his trip abroad before members of the
Methodist Episcopal Ministers* Union yes
terday. At the conclusion of the Interest
ing lecture the labor troubles were in
formally discussed. Rev. F. K. Baker
suggested • that the ministers -take some
action in the matter. He. suggested that
a-committee be appointed, but owing to
the late hour of the session it was laid
over until 'another meeting. - Rev. E. R.
Fuller of Bakersfleld read a paper on Joha
Bunyan, author of "Pilgrim's Progress."
Weekly Ministers' Meetings.
Delegate Govan of New York offered a
resolution to consider the relation of tax
ation to wages', which was referred. Tho
sympathy and moral support of. the union
was extended to the Amalgamated Asso
ciation of Steel. Iron and Tin Workers in
their strike : against -the 1 United, States
Steel Corporation by a rising vote. 'The
convention then adjourned - for ..the day.-
The convention will be in session all week.
BIRMINGHAM, Ala.. Aug. 12.— The
forty-seventh annual convention of the
International Typographical Union was
called to order here to-day by President
John M. Lynch of Syracuse, N. Y. Tho
report of Secretary J. W. Bramwood of
Indianapolis, giving the. credentials list,
was adopted. . . !
President Lynch announced the stand
ing'committees. .• ' • ' . _*r.
Convention Extends Its Sympathy
and Moral Support to the Strik
ing Steel Workers. r
TYPOGRAPHICAL "UNION
IN ANNUAL CONVENTION
VANCOUVER, B. C, Aug. .13.— Local
trackmen say ¦ that their strike against
the Canadian Pacific Railway will be set
tled within a fewdays. A delegation from
the West is now on its way to , Montreal,
where negotiations for "a settlement are
.groins; forward.- ¦ ¦
Strike Settlement Near.
SAN JOSE, Aug. 12.— A peculiar case of
poisoning from eating a muskmelon has
occurred here, and for some hours Roy
Sell, the driver, of an: ice ' wagon, lay at
the point of death. While delivering ice
on Polhemus street yesterday he met a
man with a load of melons and purchased
a^ small one, which -he ate as he drove
along. A few minutes afterward he fell
from his wagon to the road, unconscious:
He^was carried into the residence of Mr.
McRae near by and physicians were sum
moned. . Convulsion , followed convulsion,
and^ it .was, with the greatest effort that
his life was^ saved. It is believed he will
recover. ..Physicians are at a loss to'ac
count for the poisoning. It is supposed
tne melon . was contaminated by • parls
green or some other spray.
Poisoned by a Muskmelon.
. PUEBLO, Colo.. August 12.— A heavy
freight locomotive drawing a. mixed train
coming from Laveta to Cucharas on the
Denver and . Rio Grande road, exploded
this morning a mile east of Laveta. The
shock was terrific and the engine is a
complete wreck. Engineer L. - P. Woods
was blown to pieces and Fireman N. S.
Maple was so badly hurt that he died
this evening. Both • were residents of
Pueblo. The cause Is not known.
Engineer BIo-wti to Pieces.
. Several weeks ago Miss . Juanita, who
has attained her majority, took the reins
of government into her own hands, left
home and declared her intention of mar
rying Waldrop in spite of them all. 'The
mother made the best of a bad situation,
and finally accompanied the bride to the
home of the Rev. Joseph* Waldrop of
f.anta Rosa, where the nuptial knot was
tied.. The remainder of the Bailhache
refuses to recognize the union.
Waldrop Is a son of Rev. Joseph Wal
drop and a brother' of Oza Waldrop, for
merly of the Central Theater of San Fran
cisco. He is.possessor of a splendid bass
voice and at one time toured the North
west with a concert company.
HEALDSBURG, Aug. 12.— Miss Juanita
Bailhache, a daughter of John AL' Bail
hache, was married .to Oda. Waldrop at
Santa Rosa yesterday.- The Bailhache
family is one'.of the oldest In - Sonoma
County, and was at one time the owner
of the richest valleys of the Coast Range,
it strenuously opposed ¦¦ the union of- ' the
daughter "with young Waldrop, and sev
eral fistic encounters have taken place be
tween the brothers of the girl and her
Sonoma County Marries Oda
Waldrop.
Daughter of John N. Bailhache of
WEDS DESPITE HEB
RELATIVES' PROTEST
Copious rains have resulted in covering
the • whole country with I verdure ¦ such as
has not been seen heretofore In years.
. A cloudburst in the Black Hills, be
tween Prescott and Jerome, this afternoon
did much damage. Several narrow es
capes from drowning occurred, but no loss
of life is reported. •..
PRESCOTT, Ariz., Aug. 12.-r-The heav
iest rainstorm this season occurred in this
section j this evening, accompanied by
thunder and lightning. Five bridges on
the Santa Fe, Prescott and Phoenix Hall
way are- reported washed out, one of
them I being . the bridge that was washed
out a week ago, causing a freight wreck.
It was repaired last . week ! and | washed,
away again yesterday; rebuilt and washed
out the third time to-day. .
Bridges Along the Santa Fe
Line.
Cloudbursts "Wash Out Numerous
HEAVY STOBM DOES
DAMAGE IN ARIZONA
The delegate tickets nominated; by the
Republican Primary league are published
in The Call to-day. The polling places In
the various districts are also Indicated.
Every Republican citizen opposed to boss
The Polling Places.
To Officers of Election: You are hereby noti
fied that in tallying the votes for any name
on the pasters you must be guided by the
heading on the official ballot and not by the
heading- on the paster. For Instance, if the
heading of the official ballot should read
Democratic party, and should have a Repub
lican paster below, you must mark the ballot
void, as there are more candidates than are
allowed by the apportionment. On the ether
hand, if an official ballot should read Repub
lican party and the '¦ paster should ¦ contain
Democratic candidates.- nevertheless you must
tally the votes for such candidates in the Re
publican page of the tally sheet by 1 writing: In
the names so voted, as the official- ballot and
not . the paster determines the political com
plexion of the candidate printed thereon. A
strict compliance with this law will be insisted
on. THOMAS J. WALSH.
, Registrar oC Voters.
Thomas J. Walsh, Registrar of Voters,
has made a ruling relative to tallying the
votes of candidates where the, official bal
lot and the paster do not agree. In re
sponse to many inquiries as to the law on
this subject the Registrar has issued the
following instructions:
ISST7ES FINAL INSTRUCTIONS.
Knocking at Prison Door.
Kelly and Crimmina have evolved a
scheme to cast illegal votes. Last night
their agents were busy In the Thirtieth
District passing out slips which contained
the names of people who formerly resided
In hotels and lodging-houses and have
changed their residence since the last
election. These people would on the face
be entitled to vote on account of their
former registration. A list of fifteen
names was secured in the Windsor Hotel
and the Kelly and Crimmins push were
searching last night for men who wou'd
take a chance of reaching San Quentin
by attempting to vote them.
Before daylight on the morning of Au
gust 2 O'Brien was lying doubled up
among his bed clothes, when the guards
noticed a convulsive jerking of his limbs.
He was carried out and water thrown
upon his face to restore him to conscious
ness. A towel was tightly twisted around
his neck, and between this and the skin
he had twisted his hands in such a man
ner as to completely prevent breathing.
He was strangling when attention was
drawn to him. An hour later he sud
denly jumped off the bed headlong to the
floor in an evident attempt to snap hi"
neck or crush his skull. He was seriously
injured, but recovered "under a doctor's
care. ..
VANCOUVER, B. C, Aug. 12.— Twice
during the same day did murderer George
O'Brien, sentenced to be hanged this
month in Dawson, attempt to commit
suicide. He is confined in a big iron cage
In the center of a large room and the
eyes of two guards are on him day and
night. Lately the man has become mo
rose and irritable and given to comment
ing on what the public thinks of him. so
that his attempts to end his life were
not altogether unexpected. ¦
Klondike Triple Murderer Seeking to
Anticipate the Law's Venge
ance.
date's for delegates to the Republican
municipal convention-C. D. Douglas
Henry Schulken, John \ We^tnn fit
Mcc.be. Charles Wise"man! J? Harry
Pinkham, James F. Kelly. Henry Bu?
JO h s n SsT^^r SiSj-Ks?*
Pistolesi, Henry Leffman. Hugh G Ham'
ikon, Charles Milly and Gus?aV Sw<Sn"
?£fr s P es £ ers er e A. P. Van DuTe! A?!
thur J. Dannebaum and Mr Casson a
band supplied stirring music Casson - A
N a s s^as needed to instruct them
A. R Van Duzer said that as ther^could
O'BRIEN TWICE TRIES
TO COMMIT SUICIDE
LAST nirht the fact came to the;
knowledge of the Primary League
that boee«s were secretly circu
lating caads containing names of
registered citizens to be voted by
rounders immediately on the opening of
the polls this morning. Officers of the
law were appris«jd of the contemplated
perjury and false impersonation and war
rants were at ones prepared for the ar
rest of such offenders.
Registrar Walsh desires The Call to
state that election officers have been In
structed to require every voter who ob
tains a ballot to sign the roll. If instruc
tions are obeyed no Tsallot will be issued
until the voter signs. Election officers
may not fully comprehend the instruc
tions in this respect, hence they are ad
vised to be very careful. Early this morn
ing disputes may arise on this point. The
ruling of the Registrar is clear. The law
requires the voter's signature, and the law
should be respected by the precinct
boards.
The Republican Primary League intends
to see that perjurers are sent to San
Quentin. The league has made a splendid
campaign, but its resources are not ex
hausted. It possesses the power and de
teimiration to promptly procure the nec
essary proof to convict rounders who may
be guilty of false impersonation and per
jury in to-day's election. Kelly and Crim
rcins may have a pull, but they will need
it to save themselves if this great city
Ehai; to-day become aroused to a sense of
civic duty.
Appeal to Good Citizens.
Every registered workingman. mer
chant, business man and property
owner of Republican faith who neglects
to-day to attend the election and cast
a vote for the delegates proposed by the
Primary League will fall short of his
duty as an honest, courageous citizen. A
vote for the Kelly-Crimmins ticket is a
vote to surrender the control of municipal
affairs to corrupt bosses.
Circulars and rumors that the laboring
men are opposed to the Republican Pri
mary League are false. It is true that
the labor organizations which contem
plate the placing In the 'field of a labor
ticket to be voted for at the municipal
election have advised their members to
refrain from voting to-day, because they
¦cannot subsequently exercise the right of
petition for a place on the ballot if they
have voted for delegates to a convention.
No doubt many laboring men will respect
the requests of their respective organiza
tions and refrain from voting to-day.
Last night President Sullivan and Treas
urer Richardson of the Longshoremen'?
Association visited the headquarters of
the Republican Primary League and pos
itively denied the rumor that the unions
were against the league ticket. On tl'e
contrary they asserted that they were in
favor of the ticket. For example Thomas
Westoby. secretary of the City Front Fed
eration, heads the league ticket in . the
Twenty-eighth District. liis opponent en
the other ticket is Martin Kelly, the arch
boss. It is a vile slander on honest work
ingmen to assert that they are giving
support to Kelly and Crimmins and other
degraded bosses.
Thirty-Third District.
Timely addresses were made at a rous
ing meeting of the Thirty-third District
Republican Primary League Club last
evening at Maennerbund Hall, near the
corner of Potrero avenue and Twenty
fourth street. Captain C. D. Douglas pre
sided. On the platform were the candi-
were present. Chairman J. C. KImball
presided.
After the overture by the band and the
call to order L. A. Rea delivered an ad
dress in English and Italian. He called
attention to the disgraceful politics being
done by the Kelly push and of the efforts
made by the better element of the party
to rid the organization of the bosses. He
urged his hearers to stand by the Primary
League ticket and with their help to-tiay
he was confident of success.
¦ Abe Ruef was the next speaker. He
discussed the issues of the preliminary
campaign in a vigorous and fearless man
ner. He' characterized the fight as .being
one not for men but principle. It was a
struggle of men for the right of voicing
their own sentiments irrespective of the
commands of a political boss. It was a
battle to throw off the shackles of a de
grading political slavery. .
Mr. Ruef denied the statements of A.
K. Daggett, Dr. C. A. Glover and others
made at a recent meeting concerning his
connection with the .Primary League
movement. He declared that their state
ments were a tissue of falsehoods. He
denied that the men advanced by the
league were job chasers, and he proved
conclusively that the men most active in
Kelly's behalf were themselves spoil
hunters. Mr. Ruef said further, amid ap
plause, that The Call was backing t ho
league movement because its proprietor,
John D. Spreckels, was desirous of purify
ing politics in this city.
"I say now upon my honor," remarked
Mr. Ruef, "that Mr. Spreckels is in this
fight purely in the interests of the Kepub
lican party and that not the slightest hope
of reward was held out to him in order
that the backing of his great paper might
be secured. Because of. this support the
creatures in the employ of Kelly have cir
culated false rumors concerning him, all
of which were inspired by hatred for liis
paper and malice against the purity of hts
motives."
In closing Mr. Ruef cautioned his audi-
ence to vote the league ticket if it was
their desire to rid themselves of the cor
rupt domination of the foul-smelling car
rion known as Boss Kelly.
D. W. Burchard made a brief address
in which he urged the voters of the Forty
fourth District to stand firm for honest
government by voting the league ticket.
The audience then dispersed with three
cheers for the league and a tiger for Mr.
Ruef.
rule should go to the polls early and vote
for the delegates, indorsed by the Primary
League. Pay no heed to ticket venders
handling other tickets. All the signs
point to a sweeping anti-boss victory at
the polls to-day. If citizens do their duty
the bosses will be beaten out of sight.
MANILA, Aug. 12.-Civil Governor Taft
in the immediate future will reduce the
police force of Manila by J one-half, i ¦ At
present there are 1300 policemen for the
city, whose population numbers only 250,
000 souls. The Governor considers it un
necessary to have over 600 policemen, as
they are not- required for military pur
poses. | Besides in the event of trouble the
policemen of Manila would be unable to
cope with the situation and the military
forces- would have to be called upon.
General Ludtngton, quartermaster : gen
eral, has arrived here on the . transport
tyrant. He probably will make a. tour of
1 i ,i slands - H e says he Is immensely
gratified with the • record of his depart
ment in the Philippines and in China.
Believes Manila Force Is Entirely.Too
Large as the Members Do No
: Military Duty. -
GOVERNOR TAFT INTENDS
TO REDUCE THE POLICE
. SALT LAKE CITY, Utah, Aug. 12.-A
special to the Deseret News from State
Line, Utah, says that Jim Hedges, a
well known character of that place, was
killed in a street duel yesterday after
noon by Ji m Glendenning, a miner, who
1^^ arrested and placed in jail
at Cedar City. Hedges for years has had
Ji% •"PJrtation of being a "bad man,"
j^Jiduring his twenty years 1 residence in
-Hie border towns killed -three men in
street encounters. Yesterday Hedges and
uiendenning got into a controversy as to
tnelr respective, merits as revolver ex-
P^ rts , a »d as a result Hedges challenged
Glendenning to a flg-ht. Hedges went after
oi a /^ ol X? ri and « mixing in the crowd,
shot Glendenning through the arm before
tne latter was aware of his presence.
Glendenning at once returned the fire and
wfti^E V^ 1Iet ! through Hed £es- heart
within half an inch of each other.
Beceives Two Bullets Through
His Heart.
Provokes a Quarrel With a Miner and
UTAH DESPERADO SHOT ,
IN A STBEET ENCOUNTER
Forty-Fourth Assembly District.
The Republican Primary League Club
of the Forty-fourth Assembly District
qn« a TJ°n Slng: meetln & Washington
??+ e , *i? 11 at Unlon and Stockton streets
last night. About 1000 men and women
The allied bosses, headed by Kelly and
Crimmins and backed by an unsavory
gang, of, opium fiends and disreputable
loafers, are resorting to fraud and trick
ery to deceive the voters of the Forty
third District. Yesterday circulars were
distributed ¦ throughout the district. The
words "Home Rule! . Anti-Boss!" are
printed in conspicuous letters near the top
of the circular, and the names on the
Kelly-Crlmmins ticket of delegates are
printed below. The only, anti-boss ticket
in the Forty-third District is that put for
ward by the Republican Primary League
The corrupt bosses are trying to mislead
voters by putting "home rule and anti
boss on the campaign circulars. The
true anti-boss ticket is . published else
where in to-day's Call. Citizens should
compare the names published in the paper
with those printed on the paster Affix
the paster containing the Republican Pri
mar .y , Lea S ue . names to the official ballot.
In this district, and particularly in the
S S etl ? J \ S0Uth u of Bush street/citizens
sh r^ ld T, be _. on their Suard against fraud
The Registrar should instruct officers to
keep a sharp lookout in the north end of
the Forty-third. The Call receives in
formation that the Libertv lodging-housp
on -Broadway, has been stuffed .and I that
a Democratic politician well known in the
district proposes to vote the stuffers to
day. History may repeat itself. Men
have been sent to San Quentin for fraud
ulent voting., in. the Forty-third. The
bternberg case should furnish campaign
literature for Kelly and Crimmins men?
After the election, the Primary League
will assist the authorities in sending to
the penitentiary m*n who may be gfiilty
of fraudulent voting. All the resources
at the command of the league will be em
ployed to expose and punish the guilty
Forty-Third District.
In the Forty-first Assembly District the
campaign against Kelly, Crimmins and
other corrupt bosses is being directed by
the Horace Davis Republican Club. The
club has a splendid anti-boss record The
purpose of the organization is to keep
alive the spirit of municipal progress and
advocate the principles of good local jTov
ernment under the auspices of the Re
publican party. It has nominated repre
sentative men— citizens of character and
independence-for delegates to the mu
nicipal nominating convention. Everv
good Republican of the Forty-first should
go to the polls to-day and vote for the
delegates proposed by the Horace Davis
Club and indorsed by the Republican Pri-
rorty-First District.
This is no time for citizens to shirk or dodge an issue that the bosses have placed squarely up to the peoole of
this metropolis. Every citizen with a spark of courage, who feels the glow of civic" pride, will accept the challenge of
the boss and express his sentiments at the election to-day. Only the wavering, the weak and the irresolute will «t*l ?
home and say, "I den't want to mix up in primary politics."- a> ; at
It is likewise true that the opposition to the Republican Primary League is sustained by Martin Kelly Phil Cri
mins and others cf their kind. It is up to the citizens to express a choice at the primary election to-day. It is u to
the citizens to ask themselves questions concerning the character of the men mentioned. Are these men whom the bosses
condemn honorable, industrious and law-abiding citizens of the community? «
Are they concerned in the prosperity and welfare of. this great city of San Francisco? Do they pav taxes nnrl
fulfill other obligations of citizenship? Do they respect the rights of their fellow citizens and employ their energies and
influence to better th£ conditions and surroundings of their fellow men? . .
If the people o'f San Francisco' believe that John D. Spreckels, Vanderlynn Stow and M. H. de Toung are good citl
zens. who are fairly representative of the citizenship of San Francisco, then the Primarv League which ronrpsont- wi
cf their standing in the community, should be sustained in the election to-day. ' ' citizens
Let the people of San Francisco, divesting their minds of all prejudice and passion, ask themselves seriouslv th^o
questions: What manner of man is Martin Kelly? What .good influence does he possess? What . has he done to n
mote the protxPerity of San Francisco? Is he a man of honor and integrity? Does his presence in the community kT
ttr the condition of society? miy Dei "
Is he anything more than a political boss who derives revenue from creatures of his kind who find employment
in the public service? "Would the success of a ticket representing men of his character reflect honor on the city'
If a voter believes that Martin Kelly is the type of man to represent San Francisco, let him vote the tirk*»t n
posed to the Prtnary League. . lL " LeL op "
p^rjS HE unprincipled character of the opposition to the Republican Primary League is exemplified In a circular of
I which the foregoing is very nearly a fac simile. Thousands of these circulars were distributed last night on
I the public streets of this city by the agents of Kelly and Crimmins. ¦
II If ttie issue is thus defined let all the people comprehend the definition. Shall the government of the citv
represent such men as John D. Spreckels, Vanderlynn Stow and M. H. de Young or shallit represent such as
Martin "Kelly and-Ph.il Crimmins? It is true that the Primary League is sustained by John D. Spreckels" Vanderlvnn
Stow. Ml H. de Young: and other men of like character.
35ir Be-sure to get-the right ticket •
28-h Distrxt Martin Kelly.
(Hers follows the names of the m:n who head the boss ticket in the various other districts.)
The candidates oi the tickets headed by the above nam^s are opposed to Spreck
els,, De Young and S:ow.
Arthur J. Eannebaum spoke of the
great .enthusiasm that he had observed
fLl l a m u e \ iTiBS < of the Primary League
inVr 1 ? ha . d atten( ied. He scored Kelly
»^ nn lmmlnS , for knifln S Estee an <* Hor-
Pvpr?^ S T and , ?S id that they had knifed
nm Yn ?i? er fl of , , the party - If a tlcket waa
?w» \ e fle J d tnat was controlled by
nartv mf^h? the th ,!^ at of the Republican
party might as well be cut municipally in
h an «w a ", C ' SC0 - Good delegates ought to
elected^ to secure the nomination of a
na?Hnt,v k nV,. Tl \ e m 5 e «ng was closed with
patriotic airs played by the band.
( ?i/i by , the .Republicans the Democrats
would win. He believed that the Repub
lican Primary League would win a vic
t0 *y as an anti-boss organization.
Hod r '*i~ a . ssc l n s P° k e of the deep degraSa
tln« i L at if5 ds a P oll «cal boss. There
was, a wide difference between an eminent
political leader and a boss. Blaine, Lln
{&?? hm n & InR Were F eat Re Publican
leaders but they were incapable of be
coming bosses Kelly and Crimmins were
in the contest for the purpose of dictating
TnJ? a V°A n T s - Mr " Cass °n spoke approv-
S ° f Mr. Ruefs work and said that
fnr hi ' l pre t ckels Served a monument
Francisco to purify politics in San
Republican Primary Leagu? Prepared
to Prosecute All Who At
tempt to Violate tlie
• Law.
JOHN D. SPRECKELS is the BOSS OF THE PRIMARY LEAGUE
and is th? owner of the Morning Call.
VANDERLYN STOW is om of iS <ffic-:r^
The forrre; is opposed to :h? SEAMANS* UNION, and the latter is opposed
to the TEAMSTERS' UNION.
Show by yjur votes that you are not in favor of havhg such men control our City
Government. Vole the REGULAR REPUBLICAN Ticket, which is he.ided
in the different Districts as follows:
Kelly and Crimmins' Stuffers
Ready to Take Chance
of Prison Term.
DON'T VOTE THE PRIMARY LEAGUE Ticket on
Tuesday, August 13th, 1901, at the
Primary Election.
Will Attempt to Carry
Election by Use of '
Illegal Votes.
LABOR UNIONS!
ATTENTION!
BOSSES ARE
PULING
THEIR GANGS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, AUGUST 13, 1901.
WHAT WE MAY EXPECT UNLESS
BOSSISM BE DEFEATED TO-DAY
12
ADVERTISEMENTS.
DR. G. B. SUSSDORFF,
Lale Superintendent Physician City
and Count v Hospital. ¦-
MENTAL AND NERVOUS DISEASES
SPECIFIC TREATMENT
For LIQUOR and MORPHINE HABITS
Twenty Tears" Experience
Patients may be treated at home or D rt-
7£ te irfu nltarlmn - Offlc * Glasgow ButWm*
lto Elll. st. near Powell. Hours. M to 5
a. m.,-2 to 4 p. m. ° **
jf*^*— Hj^WI h ¦¦¦¦«¦¦ "Hi "~ i-**-!^,
ttie leauties of ttie shoes we { g^
have just received for our | -^2H&
New $3 50 Department
of footwear for men and ~~/mmm
: women. We have Ox- A.<-L^ SS^is
fords and Boots in Pat- C^^^^^^^
ent Leather, Box Calf,
Russia Calf, Vici Kid and everu •
kind of material, We have N^psigl ,
eyeru fashionable stule in ex- / V 1 1
Glusive shapes— the . test the \
market affords. If uou are &J i/\
hard to fit or please, come to^/M \ \
us; we have all the extreme g| i& \ \
sizes and widths. m ffi \ \ <
' DoiTT HU R RYlWF*
j Take time to see that^L f
j the label bears the meg^,
CO f*i^ R ACT
tpof Tm . \3^ 04 0 wA mm m
' IT WILL PAY YOU
To buy your glasses of me, because Z
am In a position, to
SAVE YOU ONE-THIRD
Of what they would cost you elsewhere.
I also duplicate lenses for one-third of
rerular prices.
¦E.MAXWELL, Refracting Optician,
Room A2. Sixth Floor, Academy ot
Sciences bid?.. 819 MARKET ST.
Take the Elevator.
I "VAN VROO1YT' 1
H Dental Parlors, S
U 1001 MARKET, Cor. 6th. |