To Mrs. William McKinley, Buffalo. N. T.i
The ."Harmonic" a' musical 'society of San
Francisco, assembled at Us annual outlnsr at
Ben Lomond, Cal., hereby expresses its horror
and Indignation at the attack upon our beloved
President by a cowardly assassin, and sends to
you its deepest sympathy, and earnesly hopes
that the present prospects of a speedy recovery
may be fully realized. . X" - .
HENRY PLAGEMANJ*. President.
±¦1 ;._<~J HERMAN SCHAFFER, Secretary. ,
BEN LOMOND, Sept. 9.— The following
message has been sent by the Harmonie
Society:
BEN LOMOXD, Sept. 3, 1301.
MESSAGE OF "HARMOME"
"It is not the time, or place to discuss
such ..matters. .The only thing to he
thought* of . m now; Is the President's' com
plete and rapid recovery." ; '¦ ¦
' j .The Vice-president was asked to ex
press an ~ opinion on legislation :, against
He said: - -. , : ...,'.& '•
) "I came here because I believed my
; place was near, the President, and I shall
¦j not ; leave until the situation j has 'entirely
'.cleared up. If I was predicting when .1
;shall leave, here I would say ; to-morrow,
"because I firmly believe that -the physi
cians will announce to-morrow that there
.. is absolutely no-doubt that the President
¦will recover, j I . have , been twice to the
temporary home to-day and I
| have seen nothing but - smiling, happy
faces, including a host of physicians, and
; that would not be so if the bulletins dM
;not tell the exact truth." S
BUFFALO, N. T., Sept. 2.— vice Presi
dent Roosevelt will not leave the city un
til the physicians of the President issue
a bulletin or give an opinion that the
President will positively recover. To
night; in company with his host, Ansley
Wilcox, he went out jj for a"_ short time.
He is without doubt the most sanguine
of the Government officials here,, un
less it be Secretary of Agriculture .Wil
son,* who predlctsthat the- President will
be out "in; two vweeks. -Vice President
Roosevelt said^to-rnight:'.'
Refuses to Talk About Anarchists
"Until the President Has Passed
; AH Danger.
ROOSEVELT CERTAIN
PATIENT WILL RECOVER
"No, indeed," he replied. "You men are
our protection and the foul deed of Fri
day will only make you more vigorous in
protecting those whom you elect to of
flcel" : .
During the afternoon he met several of
the Cabinet officers : and Senator Hanna
and spent a short time with them in in
formal discussion. On the streets Roose
velt has been the. center "of respectful at
tention, but he has met this with dignity
and composure. Despite senseless re
marks that he was going about guarded
by secret service, men, he has positively
declined * to ' have • anything like "a guard
near him. One'of his remarks to-day. In
speaking to two laborers who greeted
him, struck a popular chord. They had
suggested that he might be afraid to be
stopped.
But fortunately there has been no such
issue presented on this occasion, and the
"Vice President -himself has been primar
ily ' responsible for the avoidance of any
thought of "the temporary exercise of ex
ecutive functions by him. Nor has there
been any occasion for the exercise of ex
ecutive authority, for such minor routine
matter as *it comes can readily be left
until the present emergency has passed.
Twice during the day and again this even
ing the Vice President has called at the
Milburn house to inquire as to the Presi
dent's condition.- ¦."'•.'- :
STRIKES POPULAR CHORD.
'*..•¦¦.¦•
timately associated with the President,
and the latter are warmest In their ex
pressions of the manner in which he has
met every requirement of the situation.
Not for a moment has he permitted the
idea- to be entertained that there was
need; for considering the constitutional
disability of the President and the exer
cise of executive functions which V this
would on him. On ; thfi. .contrary r
'Roosevelt has been one of the most posi
tive, in. the conviction that the President
would recover. During the long period of
Garfleld's illness distinctions." arose as to
what constituted the disability of ths
within the meaning of the con
stitution; whether when the physical fac
ulties were benumbed- while the mental
faculties were unimpaired there was any
disability as jneant by the constitution.
"I am very happy to hear you are feel
ing better after the ignominious attempt
on your life. I join with the American
people in ¦ the universal wish for your
speedy recovery-"
"I rejoice to hear that you so happily
escaped the terrible ' attempt on your
precious life, which has horrified the
civilized world, and hope to God that you
recover for the gocd and glory of tho
American . people."
The following message came from tho
Czar of Russia, at Fredensborg: '
The following message has been re
ceived from King George of Greece, at
Fredensbore:
MOKE GOOD WISHES.
"Everything Is all right, and if the Im
provement continues I am to go home
to-morrow."
Senator Hanna was the last official
caller at the house. He stayed only a fe.w
minutes, but during that time had a
short interview with Dr. McBurney.
When he came out he declined to talk,
further than to say:
HIGHLY FAVORABLE.
At 10;50 to-night the lights in tho
mansion, except those dimly shining in
the sickroom, were extinguished, and by
11 o'clock peaceful quiet reigned about the
Milburn home. v On the dark corner
opposite the house soldiers, policemen
and newspaper men kept vigil, however,
sheltered beneath their tents.
The 9:30 bulletin, as was promised, was
to be % the last for the night, and, while
It was brief, attention was called to the
fact that the pulsa was exactly the same
as this morning-lb-and that the temp
erature was eight-tenths of ' a degree-,
lower, highly favorable symptoms.
The police 4 did not' stop wagons from
going by the nearest corner at high
speed. The regular army guard .was not
so particular' about those who passed up
the gnarded street. The newspaper men
did not 'maintain the. quiet that has pre
vailed for the past three days. Even
those who came from the mansion where
the wounded man lies stopped on the
corner to laugh and chat. From somber
foreboding the feeling has suddenly
turned to joyful confidence that the na
tion's ruler is to be spared.
In fact, by 10:30 o'clock to-night tho
entire temper of everybody about the
Milburn residence seemed to have under
gone a radical change.
"I go back to-night because I have the
most positive assurance that the Presi
dent is going to make a rapid recovery."
Postmaster Frease of Canton, a warm
personal friend of the ¦ President, who
came .to-day filled with anxiety, said to
night:
a 'continuance of the favor
able condition of the President, there
were many indications that the bulletins
were but meager indications of the real
improvement of the distinguished patient.
At 9:45 o'clock Miss McKinley, a sister of
the President;., Dr. and Mrs. Hermann
Baer, the latter a niece of the President,
and the Misses Barber, nieces of the
President, left the house, and, taking car-,
riages, announced their intention of re
turning to their homes to-night.
Abner McKinley accompanied them to
'the station, and to the Associated • Press
--COnKdEMT .OF .RECOVERY.""'
"The ¦ nearest relatives of the President
are so confident of his recovery that they
have no hesitation in leaving."
MILBURN HOUSE, BUF
FALO, N. Y., Sept. 9.-
After the 9:30 bulletin had
been Issued from the 1111
burp residence announcing
All Appear Satisfied
With Progress of
the Improvement
Relatives of the
President Are
Going to Homes
LEAVING
PATIENT'S
BEDSIDE
BUFFALO, Sept. 9.— President IVlcKinley to-day for the first time men
tioned his assassin and said: "He must have been crazy. I never saw the
man until he approached me at the reception."
**He is an anarchist," the President was toid, and he replied:: ~* 'Too bad,
too bad. I trust, though, that he will be treated with all fairness; V i
TRUSTS THE ASSASSIN WILL BE TREATED WITH FAIRNESS.
"GOD'S CONTRIBUTION TO THE AMERICAN PEOPLE
WILL BE THE SPARING OF THE PRESIDENT'S LIFE"
SO SAYS
DIRECTOR
MILBURN
AIISymptomsAre
in Favor of the
Stricken Chief
General Belief That
the Executive Is
Certain to Recover
"I am absolutely confident everything
will turn out all right," declared the Vice
President, and he said he based his in
formation behind the public expressions of
the physicians. So relieved are Secretary
Gage and Attorney General Knox at the
steady improvement that they returned to
Washington to-night feeling strongly that
their chief would recover, but with the
assurance of the physicians that If a
change for the worst should come it would
be gradual and that they would have
ample time to return.
In the case of Secretary Gage there was
also a public reason why he should be at
his post. New York financiers have ap
pealed to him to relieve the situation In
the money market by Increasing deposits
In national banks and he feels that he can
hardly act at this distance from, the scene
if he finds that action is desirable.
DEVOTION" OP CABINET.
Secretary of State Hay la due to arrive
to-night and will remain with - the other
members of the Cabinet at- least for a
day or. two. The devotion of the members
of the Cabinet to their chief is touching.
All desire to remain near him • until
the crucial ' period Is -passed, and Secre
tary- Hitchcock and Secretary Wilson
avow that only absolute and "imperative
public business will induce them to depart
before the President Is pronounced out of
danger. Senator Hanna will also remain
until the physicians give absolute assur
ance that Mr. McKinley.wIll live.
Controller Dawea and some of the other
eminent men connected with the adminis
tration expect to depart, to-morrow or
Wednesday if the improvement continues.
" Vice President Roosevelt has occupied
a peculiarly delicate and trying position
since the event which threatened .the'
President's life, but he has borne himself
throughout this ordeal in such a manner
as to win the admiration and respect of,
all. It has, moreover, added a new bond,
between the Vice President and those in-
MILBURN HOUSE, BUF
FALO, Sept. 9.— "God's
contribution to the Ameri
can people will be 'the
sparing of the President's
life." As the evening shad
ows were falling to-night John D. Mil
burn, president of the Pan-American Ex
position, reverently uttered these words
as he stood before the house in which
the nation's President was fighting so
bravely with death. And all who have
been at the Milburn residence reflect the
view that the battle will be won and the
world's prayers answered. -
Since last night not an unfavorable
symptom has appeared. Every hour has
been a victory. Faith in the outcome
grows stronger and stronger, and hope
mounts until in the minds of some the
danger cf all future complications -baa,
vanished and hope has become conviction.
Indeed, many of the President's friends
geem possessed with a sort of super
stitious confidence in the President's re
covery which nothing but ,an abso
lute change for the worst can shake.
GEADUAI; nuTBOVEMENT/
The basis for the confidence expressed
Is solid. There has been nothing- but Im
provement, gradual but cure. Every
bulletin, every private and public word
of the physicians In attendance,
breathes encouragement. The reports
which the physicians have given out are
facts as they exist from a scientific
¦ standpoint, unmixed with Bentimem.
Nevertheless, that the President is not
out of danger is the verdict by all of
them. Neither of them would risk his
professional reputation with a statement
that the President will live. All they
will say is that with every hour the dan
ger of complications from peritonitis or
blood poisoning grows less.
Dr. McBurney, the most eminent of the
physicians in attendance, expressed the
opinion that if the improvement con
tinues it will be a week yet before the
President can be pronounced out of dan
ger and convalescent. And some of the
colleagues like Dr. Mann place the limit
of danger still farther away. The fear
of peritonitis, it can be said, positively,
has well nigh disappeared. At the expi
ration of the seventy-two hour period, at
4 o'clock this afternoon, danger from
that source was almost gone. The Presi
dent himself has been cheerful and ex
pressed confidence in his recovery. To
day he asked for a morning paper, but
this, of course, had to be denied him.
TAKES UQURIK'H ivrFTWr.
-It 1> with some difficulty that ho can
be restrained from talking, and Colonel
M. T. Herrick of Cleveland la auoted as
authority for the statement that he has
spoken at Intervals of several things he
proposed to do In the future. This after-
noon he asked to be allowed to change
his poeltlon and when permission was
given, before the attendants could aid
him, he changed to a position without
pain. . ¦ • •• ...
Mrs. McTClnley saw him again to-day for
a brief visit and Secretary Cbrtelyou was
admitted for tho nret time. No one else
•was admitted to see him, although he In
crlred several times who was downstairs.
He was given nourishment to-day In the
form of egrgs beaten In milk. The water,
which has been given heretofore cold, did
not aDDear to agree with him, and since
last night very hot water has been taken
Into the Btomach through the mouth with
splendid results. His bowels moved
freely to-day, which was considered an
excellent symptom. If he continues to
Improve It will be gradual. If he should
grow worse the change In that direction
also probably will be slow. This is the
opinion of Dr. Mann. There will be no
crisis. If he arrives, at convalescence
Dr. Parke expresses his opinion that it
will be three weeks before it will be safe
to move him. It Is expected that the in
terior wounds will heal first. The sutures
of the lacerated tissue were made so soon
after the bullet passed that they are prob
ably healing rapidly. With the exterior
wounds it is a slower process.
OPTIMISM OF EOOSEVEI/T.
The ertreme optimism of the Vice Presi
dent and the members of the Cabinet .
I would be difficult to overstate.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
SAN FRANCISCO/ TO^
Pfei€lELdEice*^EN TS.
VOLUME XC— NO. 102.PBESIDIO GOLFERS *
¦ v UP AGAINST "BOGEY"
¦ .- . ; .. • . . -
flags ln their classes.
The officials viewed the races from the
steamer Resolute, T. J. Kavanaugh re
maining at Powell-street wharf to take
the.tlmes In the smaller classes. The re
gattla committee ln charge of the event
consisted of R. R. l'Hommedieu (chair
man), H.W. Whltelaw, T, J. Kavanaugh,
C. L. Tisdale, C. B. Eaton and George*
Warford, but- of these "Warford. Eaton
and Tisdale were absent, . their places as
Judges or timers being taken by <5. >S.
Ryan, A. B. Palmer and P. J. Marten-*
etein. A. C.>Lee's Surprise was the wind
ward stakeboat, and ex-Governor Budd's
launch was the leeward stakeboat.
i Of \ the twenty-six • entries* \ twenty were
from" the Corinthian" Yacht; Club, two.
from the San Francisco, one from the
Vallejo, two from the California and one
from the Enclnal ,TachtiClub. The full
details of. the race are shown in the table:
After the races the Leone, a smalj
WINNERS IN THE VARIOUS
CLASSES AT. THE ANNUAL
- : REGATTA.
Sixth race. *lr furlongs, purse $225:
I*. D. Weir's br. g. Mike. Strauss. 4, by Iro- ¦
quols-Gypsy <Hoar, 112)/ 4 to 1 ; 1
Vantine, ch. m\. 4, by Anchorlte-Vestlna
(Russell. 108). 1 to 4 2
Artllla, b. f.. 4. by Artillery-Duchess of
Towers <Burlinga?ne. 108). S to 1... 3
Time, 1:15.
Galene 112. Little Guy 109 and Katie Walcott
113 also ran.
KriTEcs Carded to Start.
The card for to-morrow is as follows:
First race, trotting, special, three in five
2:15 class— Peter Jackson. Puerto Rico, Thomae
R. Black Bart. Lyna!!, Walling.
Second race, trotting, three in five— Baby But
ton. Regina F. Monroe. B, Pio, Cand* Joe.
Third race, two-year-olds, five furlongs, sell
ing—Colonel Smith 1C3. Tyranus 108, Torso Maid
102, ' Jarretiere dOr 114. Royalty 105, Lulette
. Fourth race, cne mile .and a sixteenth, sell
ing—Frank Duffy 1C9. Artilla 1C9, Galanthus 81
Pilot .1C9. Rinaldo JOS. Lost Girl 109. Casdale
100. Kastair-e 109. L'.zzella 109," Alicia 98.
Fifth race, one mile, special— Sir Hampton
107. Scotch Plaid 105, Flush cf Gold 104. Rey
I>8re J2. Byrcn Rose 92.
Sixth race, six furlonps. selling:— Ravino 109
Mike Rice 108. Rollick 109, Howard 112. First
Fhot 112. Almoner 112. Prestidigitator 109.
Seventh race, selling, five furlcngs — Blue Bell
K7.' Catherine Bravo 1C2. Galene 107. Gold
Baron 110. Gypsy Boy 92, Canderos 115, Clar
f.ndo 107. Mountain Dew 1C6, Mike Strauss 11C,
Chaste 107. .%¦;'•«-•>
Fifth race, five furlongs, selling, two-year
olds, parse $225:
VT. B. Jennings & Co.'s b. f, Lulette, by Bas
6etlav.--Luler (Ransch. lOOf. 4 to 1 : 1
Evea G. ch. f., by Juvenal-Elster Geneva
CTullett. 110). 5 to 2 2
Quadra, ch. f., by Prestonpang-Miss Belinda
(Russell. 110). 6 to 5 3
Time. 1:C2.
Wandering- Boy 1C3, Flattered 105. Poroue 113
Dawson 113, Rublna 113 and Yankee Dame 100
also ran.
Fourth race, one mile, selling-, purse $250:
H. Whitman's b. g. Whaleback, 5, by Dun
combe-Orange Leaf (Burlingaxne, 112), 4
to 1 r. 1
Jim McCleevy, ch. h., 5. by Linden-Verbena
(Ransch, 112), 7 to 2 2
Rinaldo. b. g., 5, by Leonatus-Dahlla (Hoar,
112), 7 to 2 3
Time. 1:42%.
Decoy 112, Boardman 112. El Mido 112 and
McFarlane 112 also ran.
Third race, seven and a half furlongs sell
lr.g, purse floO: : : . •
r. D. Weir's ch. %. Merops. 5, by Brutus- -
Merope (Hoar, 10J), even [ 1
Coming Event, b. m.. 4. by Lalvados-Ka
trinka <C. Ross, 1C3). 3 to 2 '. 2
SIIes Vera, b. m., 4, by Am:co-Fame (Bur
lingame, 103). 4 to L * !... 3
Time, 1:34%.
Umber Jim 118. J. Boggs 110 and Burdock 106
elso ran.
Claudius, b. p., by Nutwood Witkes-
Fann:e ilenlo fBarstow) ; \ \ \
Ch>ito, b. g., by McICinnev (ilulhollacd). 2 2 2
Alia. Vela, b. h., by Electioneer (Hooper) 4' 3 4
Eoydello. b. h., by Eoydell (LaJTerty).... 5-4 -3
Ouiboul, b. h., by Stamboul (L. Clark),. 3 6 5
Time. 2:16»i. 2:16%, 2:1S:
Second race, special trot, heats, three in -five,
purse t'M: . ,
rhm>2r.arv of thp Races.
m^ a ,?AiieJf lf " ord £take ' heats - three ln
Almareta, blk. f.. by L. vr. Rassell
rlora Allen <Grama&e) 1 i« i
Delia McCarty, b. f., by McKinney"(H.
r....... 4 2 2
Crmmander Muckle. br. c. by McKIn
m-y <F\ Ward) '34
Charles H. br. e., by Lynmont ("w! "
Hogobocm) 5. 4 3
Lee Roy, ch. c. by Waldstein «T Owen) 3 5 d
Fluey, br. f., by O. Lee (P. W.- Lee).... -die-
Time. 2:2S%. 2:27, 2:26L
Mucklfc. The favorite always heid her
field safe and led almost from the start
In each heat. In the last two heats Delia
McCarty, a young miss by McKinney.
Grew ciear or' the others in the stretch,
eecuriiig second money.
It looked as if Merops outclassed the
other starters in the opening seven and a
half lurlong run, and with Hoar up went
to the post an even money chance. Com
ing Event and Burdock cut quite a figure
put in front to the stretch, when the
latter gave up. Hoar, on the favorite,
then challenged and in a drive beat
Coming Event a length. Miss Vera ran
third.
.Favorites Heceive Bad Bides.
Backers of the 7 to 10 favorite Decoy fell
riard over the result of the mile selling af
fair. George Mi!ler"s horse running un
placed. Jim McCleevy. with Ransch up
and one of the second choices, raced out
in front with Rinaldo for over half the
journey, when he apparently had the race
v.-on. A sixteenth fronrjiome Burlingame,
astride Whajeback. closed fast on the
oucside and catching Jim all out won by
two lengths. Decoy was under the whip
tnree furlongs from home, but could not
respond.
"Chub' Russell, on Quadra, backed
down from 2 to 6 to 5 favoritism to win
the two-year-old scramble, gave another
of his entertaining open-air exhibitions.
It is up to the judges to put Russell on
a skillet and give the Montana Mclaugh
lin a nice brown roasting. After consid
erable delay at the posr Ransch. on Lu
lette, was away first, and in a long drive
earned the verdict from Evea at the wire
by a head. The latter dropped from the
clouds. Russell on the favorite made no
apparent effort. The last time the pair
met Quadra beat Lulette in a big gallop
Not content with this ride, Russell
managed to get Vantine. another Snider
stable entry, beaten in the final six-fur
lons run. The ring held the mare a 1 to
4 chance, and alter taking a dozen lengths
the worst of it at the start Russell rushed
his mount to. the front the .first eighth.
Tflea in the stretch he slumbered gently
and was beaten out a head by Mike
fo.rauss in 1:15. It is almost a certainty
with the same weight up Vantine can
run better than a second faster
From the start Almareta sold favorite,
bringing 10 in the auction pools against 8
for the field and 4 for Commander
The Stanford stake, for 3-year-old trot
ters and worth $1260, was the special fea
ture of the sport. It went to Almareta,
a ehapely filly from the Santa Rosa Stock
Farm, which, splendidly handled by
George Ramagf, won in three straight
heats. Her best mile was 2;26.'
SACRAMENTO, Sepf. 9.— Admission
day attracted the largest crowd of the
meeting -to Agricultural Park, both the
grand stand and betting rins being
crowded. Out of two harness .and four
running events favorites were successful
OQ throe occasions.
Jockey "Chub" Russell Puts
Up Some Weird Rides on
Strongly. Backed Choices
Captures Classic
ford Stake in Straight
. Heats Quite Cleverly
ALMARETA WINS
A RICH PURSE
AT SACRAMENTO
6) and Captain D. J. Rumbaug-h | (handi
cap 6) made no returns. The first prize
•was won by. John Lawson, who, with a
at two holes, came out all
square with bogey, Charles Page, ! with a
net- score of 2 down, being second. The
full details are shown in the table:;
SAN FRANCISCO GOLF 'CLUB— ADMISSION
* . " ' DAY HANDICAP. . \
SIXTH ANNUAL REGATTA OF THE PACIFIC INTERCLUB YACHT ASSOCIATION.
The only boats that did not complete
the course were Siren in' the' 30-foot class
and Queen. in the 36-foot class. Among
the 44- footers. the sloop Harpoon came in
first, but as she failed to round -Blossom
Rock buoy and fouled the windward
stakeboat she will no doubt be disquali
fied by the regatta committee when it re
ceives the reports of the judges this aft
ernoon. The yawl Kittiwake won the
and a smooth sea. It passed off without a
hitch or mishap of any kind. * Of twenty
six yachts entered twenty-five started and
twenty-three completed the course. The
start In each class was of the one-gun
kind and produced some clever work,
especially In the 36-foot class, In which
the four boats crossed the starting line
within a period of fifteen seconds, the
last to cross being only thirty-six' seconds
after the signal. The three yachts In- the
44-foot class crossed within a space of
thirty-six seconds.
In the Rhine vlneyard3 one of the meth
ods of protecting the vines against frosts'
in May is to put paper bags around them
ever night.
; OTTAWA^ ¦ Sept. 9'— The first day's play
in the international cricket match left the
Canadians considerably, behind. The score
at. the close of play was: Americans 168,
Canadians 77.
Americans Win at \ Cricket.
eloop owned by.Cuned^ran into jthe^ Brit
ish bark Brussels, \ which was f lying ' off
Powell-street '.wharf, / snapping ¦ ! % off ; --. her^
bowsprit. and mast and reducing her'to'a"
complete wreckr : No "one .was hurt."" " — " "
Law cup, offered as first prize in the 20
foot special class. >-
The* Macdonough cups,- offered • as first
prises In -the other five classes. \ were won
iby Discovery. in the 25-foot class, -by Gyp-
¦ SAN f JOSE, • Sept. ¦ 9.— The r .bicycle . races
at Cyclers' Park this afternoon resulted as
follows: One-mile , novice, * won' by Arthur
Davidson - of VSan Francisco;^ one-thlrd
"mlle^ ofien" 1 ; and'i t wo-thlrds-mlle " handicap
Bicycle ; Races at San Jose.
; SAN'tDIEGO, ; Sept.. ; 9.— Howard' F.
Brewer of San Francisco defeated "Wilbur
Kyle of ; this ; city ' to-day in the -\three
quarter-mile swim. Brewer's r time 'was
18 minutes 1 second and:Kyle's 20 minutes
and 3 seconds.' Both swimmers broke the
world's, record ; of ; 21 r held' by
Schafer of the University; of Pennsyl-'
vania, \>-^' 4 C " ~ ¦ "" ¦'• " ; - '
Brewer Establishes New Record.
BRISTOL; R. I., Sept. 9.— Bare of flags
or sails and out of commission, the Con
stitution arrived here this afternoon from
Newport in tow of the tender Mount
Morris. She was brought here to be dis
mantled, after which she will be towed to
New London. The work of breaking up
the Independence will begin to-morrow.
Mr. Lawson gave the order to-night. The
delay following his prior order to the
same: effect was due to the effort made
in Boston to secure a race with the Sham
rock II. . '
Last of th© Yacht Constitutlon.
a NEW YORK, Sept. *9.— After a success
ful trial spin of two and a half hours to-^
day /. the Shamrock II ; returned ¦ to ' her
mooring in the bay. The yacht sailed on
one tack' in a good southwesterly breeze
out through Gedney Channel to the Sandy
Hook ¦ lightship/ thence to the southward
about three miles, keeping off for home at
4:25. Her speed on the beanv reach com
ing in from the ' lightship t was undoubtedly
between fourteen and: sixteen knots.: She
covered about twenty miles while she was
out. '~ ::';-¦¦ ."¦-;, ,£--•'_•¦*» ' )'•¦¦¦¦'¦ -¦->"¦"• s
Shamrock : H Shows Great . Speed.
The track men will start work as soon
as possible, but no hard work will be
done during the hot weather. . It is ex
pected Moulton will . have supervision of
the training tables and the general health
of ' all Stanford athletes, football, base
ball and track men. -
Trainer Moulton at Palo Alto.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Sept. 9.— E,
TJ. Moulton arrived on the campus last
night to take charge of Stanford's ath
letes. In the course of a conversation to
day "Dad" expressed his surprise and
pleasure in finding so many large • and
well-developed men. among our athletes.
He said: . "I find you have a splendid lot
of big huskies here and 1 can't see why
we should not develop a great team out
of them. I am a firm believer in devel
oping men for special events." ¦ '.V
ATLANTIC CITY, ,N. J., Sept." 9.— The
seventh ¦ annual amateur I golf champion
ship tournament opened here this morn
ing with a larger list of starters than ever
before competed for premier honors. The
best score were: W. v J. Travis, Garden
City,':- 157;- F.- S. Douglass, Nassau, 160;
Louis P. Myers,, Fox Hills, 161;, W. E,
Eagan, Chicago, 163; *W. Holabird; Jr.,
Chicago, 165; Percy- A. Jennings, Oakley,
Mass, 166; Archie M. Reid, St. ; Andrews,
166; W. P. Smith, Philadelphia, 168; J. G.
Thorpe, Oakley,' Mass., 168;. Charles See
ley, Weebun, Conn., 168. ' v -' '
. The first round : of the championship
play.. will begin , to-morrow morning.'. .• .
Golf Championship Tournament.
NEW YORK, Sept. 9.— The .Canadian
and Irish riflemen 'met to-day on the long
ranges at Seagirt in a speclal^contest be
tween teams of five men each. . They shot
over. the 800, 900 and 1000 yard ranges, the
Canadians using the English military, rifle
and the | Ulster representatives shooting
with Mannlicher guns. The Canadians re
ceived , an- allowance * of eight points each
or forty points for the team." The honors
went. to Canada by thirteen points" on the
gross score. The net scores were: Can
ada 633, Ulsters 620. Summary: Canada-
Captain Davidson 122, Private Paup3t 122,
Sergeant Skedden 131, Sergeant Major
Huggins 113, Gunner Flemming 105, handi
cap allowance 40; grand total 633. Ulsters
—Major Milner 136, Robert Duncan 126, W.
T.vBraithwaite 122, J. R. Williams 120, F.
W. Henry "116: total. 620.; --'
Canadian Riflemen Win.
| Schmidt,' Oakland's new pitcher, won his first
game Sunday In clever fashion. " He held the
Senators , down to six : swats. ¦ Mr. Schmidt
comes from Denver. He and Mohler played
in; the same -team. His record of ten straight
.victories is a part of the Denver League his
tory. ¦¦.--- -> ¦-.-.- . ' . ¦ .-¦ -
Dunleavy is ¦ suffering from the blow he re
ceived-in the head by . a pitched ball last
Thursday. He has been watching the game
from the bench, and it. may be another week
before his "wheels" revolve as of yore.
The Dutch and Legislators will play an en
gagement at Recreation Park this wefek. There
has. been a slight change In the schedule. Sac
ramento was to have gone to Los Angeles this
week. . but they changed dates with Oakland
Next series . a special excursion will be run
from the capital to the land of oranges.
Devereaux's fielding in the last series was
wretched. "Bill" usually makes good in his
position.^but last week a hoodoo certainly hov
ered over short. ¦'¦ ." ¦ .-
There are a" quartet of dromios in the Oak
land team. Hansen is an image of Babbitt
and Streib and Mohler are alike as two peas.
When one of these four goes to bat the spec
tators try their luck at guessing. ,
Sacramento is either playing in hard luck or
the team is sadly demoralized. The nine
seems ¦ to lack unity in - playing.* Manager
Beebe win have to lecture his aggregation on
the error of their claying.
has fallen down in his batting. In
the . last series he secured ' only five, hits in six
games. • - '¦*'...
; Mohler has added 25 per cent of strength to
the .Dudes' infield. At the bat the new second
baseman uses his head. He "works" 'the um
pire to perfection. ¦ ' In ' every game Mohler has
played since his arrival he has made his base
time without number. He is in the game, and
it is hoped- he will continue playing brilliant
ball. ¦ " .
Arrellanes should be kept in left garden. He
Is a sure I catch and has a good wing.
. Sacramento is waiting patiently for the ar
rival of Flood of the Western League. He is
said to be even a better player i than Mahler.
If this prove true. Manager Beebe is to be
congratulated. When Flood dons a Senatorial
toga Courtney will go to center and McGucken
will be benched. .•'„'. -
Eagan is earning his sobriquet "Truck" by
his slow movements. He travels over the
ground like a man running -backward. . ..
Oakland has struck its winning salt. Cal
Ktving expects to see his aggregation In third
place before . many moons.
Ashenbach is unpopular with the- "fans."
Every time he comes to bat he Is jeered.' He
earned his unpopularity on Sunday by not al
lowing a man to run for "Youngey" Johnson,
who had a lame leg. '
Notes of the Game
- Clubs— . "Won. Lost. Per Cent.
San Francisco....; 61 48 " .660
Los Anpeles ¦• 61 J3 ' .510
Sacramento ,.... 43 63 .475
Oakland 49 59 .454
races were won by Lace Downing of San
Jese. . The match race between Burton
Downing of San Jose and Walter David
son of San Francisco was won by the San
Jot-e champion.-. ¦.¦ . '• - -.¦¦\
AB. R. BH. SB. TO. A. B.
Reltz, 2b 3 1 1 0 4. 4 0
Hutchinson, lb S 1 3 0 13 0 0
Atherton, r. f 3.1 2 00 0 0
Householder, c. f....S 0 1 1 1 . 0 0
C. Rellly, 3b 4 0 0 0 15 1
Bowman, 1. f 3 1112 0 0
Kelly, s. a 2 0 0 0 4 • 1
Spies, c „.. 4 0 0 0 110
Hart-well, p 13 10 110
Totals 28 7 9 2 27 17 2
SAN FRANCISCO.
; - AB. R. BH. SB. Pa A. B.
Nordyfce. c. f. & 3b. 3 0 2 0 2 0 0
Wilson, c 3 0 1 08*1 0
Pabst, lb ,... 4-0 .10 111 •
Schwartz, r. f...". 4 0 0 0 11 1
HUdebrand, L f.... 2 0 0 0 1 1-1.
Shay, •¦ s 3 0 0 0 1 10
Krugr. 2b 4 0 0 0 4 4 0
J. Rallly. 3b.. a 0 0 0 1 0 0
Brockhoff. r. t 3 0 0 0 ,5 { 0
Whalen. p 8 0 0 0 J I 0
Totals 80 "V'~4 "5 24 S ~i
RUNS AND HITS BT INNINGS.
Los Angles 0 0X04 011 •— 7
BaseETtfl 1 0 2 0 4 O'i'l •-*
San Frtnol300 ..........0 0 0 0 0.0 0 0:0-0
B3F9 hiU 0 .0 0 0 OS 0 10-4
• BTTMMARY. '
Runs resoonsltilo for— Whalen 8. ' Tm-bMi
hit— Hntchlnson. Bacrlflc* hlt»— Relts, Keilyt:
First base on errors— Los Angeles 1, San Fran
cisco 2. 1 First base ' on called I balls— Los An
geles 8, San Francisco 4. Left on bases — Lcm
Anseles 8, 8an Francisco 8. Struck out— By
Whalen 1. by Hartwell 1. Hit by pitcher—
Nordyke. Double slay— Hartwell to Hutchln
son. Wild pitches— Hartwell, Whalen. Tims
cf game — One hour and 40 minutes. Umpires — .
Hardle, Iberg and Moore.
LOS ANGELES.
LOS ANGELES, Sept. 10.^-San Francisco
was close to scoring in only one Inning to
day. »Whalen was wild and ineffective.
Umpire Hardle was taken sick In the sec
ond inninsr and Eddie Moore and Iburg
finished the game to the satisfaction, of
both teams. Score:
San Francisco Fails to Score.
AB. R. BH. SB. TO. A. E.
Babbitt. 3b 6 0 10 0 8 1
Mohler, 2b 3 1112 4 1
Streib. r. f 3 10 0 3 0 0
Eagan. lb 5 12 0 9 11
Drennan, c. t. S 1 2 0 1 0 0
Francks, 3. s 5 110 2 11
Arrellane3, 1. t. 4 1118 0 0
Hansen. c 4 1 2 0 © ' 1 1
Hodson, p 3.0 1 0 2 0 0
Mosklman, p 10 0 0 0 1 0
Totals 37 7 11 2 27 11 5
SACRAMENTO.
AB. R. BH. SB. TO. A. B.
Devereaux, s. s 5 1 2 0 0 4 2
McLaughlln, 1. t.... 4 1 0 1 2*00
Sheehan. 3b 5 2 10 0 4 0
Courtney, 2b .'.4 S 2 0 4 ~4.- O
Doyle, r. t 5 - 2 3 0 3 © 0
Stanley, c 5 0 2 0 7 10
Ashenbach, lb 5 0 0 0 7 10
McGucken, c f 4 0 0 0 4,1 0
Stricklett, p 2 0 1 0 12 0
Totals S9 9 10 ~1 .27 17 ~3
RTTtfS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Oakland 2 14 0 0 0 000—7
Baae hits .8 2 4 0 10 0 0. 1—11
Sacramento 1 0 0 0 0 3 0 3 2—9
Base hits O 0 10 0 2 13 3—10
• SUMMARY/-, -"^o
Runs resnorislble for— Etricklett 5. Hodson i.
Moskiman 2. Home run— Courtney. Two-base
, hits— Mohler. Babbitt. Stanley. Sacrifice hit —
Stanley. First base on errors — Oakland 2, Sac
ramento 4. First base on called balls— Oakland
4, Sacramento 4. Left on bases— Oakland 8,
Sacramento 7. Struck out— By Stricklett 5. Hit
by pitcher — Streib. Double plays — McGucken to
Stricklett to Courtney; Sheehan to Courtney to
Ashenbach. Passed ball — Hansen. Time of
game — Two hours. Umpire — Levy. Official
scorer— McFarlin.
OAKLAND.
In the first three innings the Dudes
landed on Stricklett's delivery for nine
safe bumps. A few bases on balls aided
the Oakland nine to score seven runs.
Hodson, as usual, twirled cleverly until
the eighth, when the Senators began to
touch up his delivery, and Dr. JJoskiman
was substituted. Op to the seventh the
Legislators swatted safely but four timea,
and only had as many, runs to their cred
it. Sheehan reached first in the eighth
and came home on Courtney's four strike
over the housetops.' Doyle followed with
a single and scored from second on Moh
lef's poor throw »to first of Stanley's
grounder.
It wa3 then that "Mother" Lohraan
called in Dr. Mosklznan to save the brood
from being annihilated, but all in vain.
The pills the medico rolled toward the
plate were to the liking of the Senators,
and in the ninth they landed thrice and
scored two runs, which, gave them a vic
tory. • ' - ,." /-'
In their half of the ninth Oakland might
have tied the score had Drennan been in
structed to bunt instead of hitting out.
Streib walked and was advanced to sec
ond on Eagan's single. Drennan sent an
easy one to Sheehan, who threw to Court
ney and then to Ashenbach. doubling
Eagan and the batter. The next man was
an easy out and Sacramento was jubilant.
Stricklett suiked for seven innings be
cause they batted him hard, but when h©
saw there was a chance of winning h»
pitched as he is capable of doing. Arrel
lanes' work in left field was of star order.
He had eight chances and accepted them
all. His running one-hand catch robbed
Ashenbach of a. two-bagger.
Following is the score:
Oakland won and lost yesterday's gam?.
For seven Innings the Dudes had the
game tucked away, and then grew care
less. A costly error by Francks and a
throw to second base by Hansen, coupled
with a home-run hit by. Mr. Courtney and
a long two-bagger by Stanley, turned the
tide, of -fortune toward ¦ the -Sacramento
team. There was. not an. uninteresting mo
ment in the game. Circus catches, spec
tacular stops and throws and all the oth
er points that go to make jip a brilliant
exhibition were enjoyed by the big crowd.
Not an Uninteresting Moment
Throughout Nine Innings
of Sensational Playing
Sacramento Changes Ap
parent Defeat Into a
Well -Earned Victory
TIMELY HITS
WIN THE GAME
FOR SENATORS
ADMISSION DAY SPORTS AMONG THE YACHTING FRATERNITY, ON THE DIAMOND
THE SAN FRANCISCO C ALL, TUESDAY,^
Four of the Five Macdonough Trophies Are Won by Boat^Flying Corinthian Glub Burgee, Gypsie Winning Premier Award in
the Special Yawl Class, While Harpoon Is Disqualified for^Failure to R^
Stakeboat— Thirty-Six Footers Cross Starting^Line in a BunchWithin Space of 15 Seconds After Sonie^C
FRANK STONE'S SLOOP PRESTO BEATS THE VALLEJO YACHT
HELEN BY EXACTLY FOUR MINUTES IN THE ANNUAL REGATTA
THE sixth annual regatta of the
Pacific Inter-Club Yacht Associa
tion was sailed yesterday over the
channel course on an ebb tide,
with a moderate westerly breeze
sie in the special yawl class, ' Presto in
the 30-foot class, Edna in the 36-foot class
and Speedwell in the '44-foot: class. The
yachts Stella. Merope, Arcturus, Helen,
Jessie K and Clara ¦will receive second
Fourteen I Competitors Engage : in a
Handicap Match Play Tournament
... . . on the San, Francisco Links. .
| Many, golfers availed themselves of the
fine weather and J comparatively still* at
mosphere, yesterday to go out to /the Pre
sidio links. The event of the day was
a tournament over eighteen holes, match
play, against "bogey."-" Of the" fourteen
players • who entered i Andrew Carrigan
(handicap 12), T. G. McConkey (handicap
2
I SAUCE 1
m gives the rigkr flavor h» .JnMichael Drumm, who lives in the Den
ver House, Third street, was drinking In
Galvin's saloon ', 243 Third street, early
yesterday morning w;hen he was Induced
to leave and go to the Chicago House, 612
Howard street. He was taken to a room
there. In which were- two men and a
woman. • '¦ He was robbed be says, I of $4
and a silver watch valued at $20. He noti
fied Policemen Winzler and Jordan and
they arrested William Harrison, a team
ster, and Annie Bassett on the charge of
robbery. . The woman is well known to
the police. . .
Fell Into Robbers' Hands.
* Every seat in the grand stand was oc
cupied and the applause which followed
•each good rally was the strongest that
has been heard on the Hotel Rafael courts
In many years. The heat was intense and
the players suffered greatly from it, but
played a fast game from start to finish.
The match was- intensely exciting, for
besides the championship the question of
whether the north or the south ¦ would
carry the day wrought the crowd up--to
Alfonso E.' Bell, the Southern California
champion, was the challenger and proved
almost the equal of "Whitney in point of
skill.
IN the presence of one of the largest
and most enthusiastic crowds ever
gathered at; the J$a.n Rafael tennis
courts George F. Whitney yesterday
• won the singles championship of the
coast for the fourth time. •
the highest pitch.
In the first set the champion suffered
from nervousness. Bell, who has not had
nearly as much experience as the veteran
"Whitney, was also a trifle off his game
and slew to get under way. The score
was 4-6, 6-2, 6-1, 7-5.
The first set was close, neither playing
anything like. his best game: After many
deuce games this set went to Bell, 6-4,
and the south was beside itself with joy.
In the second set Bell looked to be a win
ner, but Whitney Improved his play and
won handily, 6-2.- The third set also went
to Whitney, 6-1, without much of a strug
gle, as he was playing 'the game of his
life. ¦ . •
In the fourth and last set the real bat
tle began. Whitney soon ran up a lead
and the score -stood 4-2 in his favor. At
this stage of the game Bell took a de
cided brace and won the next three
games, making the score 5-4 in his favor.
o'clock .to ¦ go to the water - front. Some
men in the saloon left with him and when
they reached Sixth street, he says, they
began to jostle him and stole his watch.
He did not know who they were.
•Miss Carroll's Concert.
Miss Grace . Carroll, the favorite Oak
land contralto,' who- has just returned
from two "years of Eastern study, will
give a concert to-night at Sherman &
Clay Hall. Miss Carroll has a very in
teresting programme, including- a new
song" by Franz F. Arens (with whom she
studied) and many other numbers new
here. The singer will be assisted by
Richard Jose Ferrer, violinist, and Wil
liam B. King, accompanist -
Scottish Society Entertainment.
Clan Fraser No. 78 of the Order of Scot
tish Clans gave an entertainment and
dance last night at Scottish Hall. The
Meets Alfonso E.' Bell of Southern Californiaj-ior the Challenge Cup and
Proves Invincible, for the Fourth Successive Year; After
Match— Big Attendance on Last Day of the Tournament at San Rafael
The spurt did not last, and Whitney took
the next three games and set, 7-5.
The consolation tournament resulted In
a division of honors between Harold Bra
ly and W. B. Collier. They reached the
finals, and as the prizes were of the same
value the match was not played.
In the preliminary round Percy Mur
dock beat Clay Gooding. 6-3, 6-4. First
round. W. B. Collier beat C. G. Kuehn,
6-0, 6-2; Reuben Hunt defaulted to Merie
Johnson, Braly won from Brackin by de
fault and Murdock beat Brown, 6-3. 2-6,
6-0. In the semi-finals Collier beat John
son, 6-0, 6-1, and Braly beat Murdock,
6-4. 8-6.
In the final match between the ladles
for the cupa offered by Colonel Seymour
and R. V. Halton, Miss Ethel Sutton and
Miss Violet Sutton beat Miss May Sutton
and Miss Merita Seymour 6 — 2. 6 — 4. 6 — 1.
The latter team received odds of half
fifteen. •
affair was well attended. The following
programme was rendered:
Introductory remarks. Chief William Rae;
address. "The Scotchman." S. M. Shortridge;
solo, Mrs. Eva Tenney; solo. Robert Howden;
recitation. Alexander Smith; specialties, Wil
liam J. Hynes; solo. Miss Roberts; solo, J. D.
Murray; double sword dance, Virginia Schultt
and Lizzie Ferguson.
Dancing followed the entertainment.
High Chief Banger Here.
G. A. McElfresh, high chief ranger of
the Independent Order of Foresters, is In
this city and will make official visitations
to the local courts of the order.
The record was broken the past week
In the sale of unoccupied lands In 1 Ne
braska, "Wyoming and Kansas. Over 50,
000 acres were disposed of, the largest
amount In any one week In the history of
the Land Department.
CHAMPION GEORGE WHITNEY DEFENDS
HIS TITLE ON THE TENNIS COURTS
THE trap shooting tournament
held under the auspices of the
Empire Gun Club was concluded
yesterday at Alameda Point. All
parts of the State participated in
the several events. A. J. "Webb won high
average for the two-days' shoot and cap
tured the special prize of $10 offered for
MEN WHO DISTINGUISHED THEMSELVES YESTERDAY AT THE EMPIRE GUN CLUB'S BIG SHOOT AT ALA
MEDA POINT AND ON THE TENNIS COURTS. CHAMPION WHITNEY SUCCESSFULLY DEFENDED HIS
TITLE TO THE CHALLENGE CUP. THIS BEING HIS FOURTH VICTORY.
John Downing, "a man about 75, years of
age, ' who lived with his, wife at 113% Lily
avenue, ' during, a - .fit* of ' despondency/
jumped into; the bay yesterday/; at the
foot of Third street. He was soon pulled
out, but died as ¦ soon as he : reached . the
Receiving | Hospital. I Deceased I had been
out of* employment for some ; time.
Ends Life By Plunging Into Bay.
Perks declared that'the^British Method
ists as a body had not the. slightest de
sire to reunite themselves with the estab
lished Anglican. church, an arrangement
which would be quite impossible,- he said
unless the Church of England was dis
established and reformed.
LONDON," Sept." £>.— A large meeting of
Methodists. was. held to-day In .St. James
Hall to discuss "The Moral Unity of the
English Speaking Peoples." R. "VV. Perks
M. P., presided. Sympathetic references
were made to President McKinley. ¦
The speakers . included John' Potts' of
Canada and-J. A. Wilson of San Fran
cisco. The 1 latter objected to" any. new
version supplanting the \flne old version"
of the Bible/.. V . • , -, V
Wilson Among the Speakers.
Professor Cesaro Lombroso, the cele
brated Italian alienist, read, a paper en
titled "Criminal Degeneracy. In the
course of which he discussed symbiosis as
a remedy for crime.
AMSTERDAM, Sept. 9.— At to-day's
session of the Congress of Criminal An
thropology, held in this . city, ! Clark Bell
of New York City. ai:d Henry H. Kills of
England were appointed vice presidents.
Criminal Degeneracy.
2:14 pace, purse J2200 (unfinished)— The Hero
won the first and third heats, in 2:11%, 2:11%.
Junero won the second heat in -2:12%. . John
H. Belle Cannon, Frank Yokum and Frank
also Etarted. *
2:07 class pace, purse $1200 (two in three)—
Mazette-won the third and fourth heats in
2:071*. 2:11%. Harold H won the second heat
in 2:06%. Daniel won the first heat in 2:05%.
Dumont W. Rlley n. Eyelet, Captain Sphinx
and Martha Marshall aleo started. .. ¦ ¦
2:10 pace to wagon for amateur drivers (two
In three)— Sallie Hook won two straight heats
in 2:10%. 2:09. Goshen Jim also started. •
The other races were: 2:12 trot to wagon for
amateur (two in three)— Franker won two
straight heats In 2:12%. 2:14%. Peko. Tudor
Chimes, Major Greer and Aggie Medium aJso
started. *
SYRACUSE, N. Y., Sept. 9.— The fea
ture of the grand circuit trotting at the
State Fair grounds to-day was the Em
pire stake. 2:23 class pacing:, for a purse
of $3000, best three out of five heats
Shadow Chimes won the first, fourth and
fifth 'heats in 2:10%, 2:1U£, 2:10V4. Flaxy
won the second and third heats in 2:0S«4.
2:06»4. Cinch and Tommy Mack also
started.
Than. 2:10 at the Syracuse
Meeting 1 .
Many Heats Are Negotiated in Better
Another officer of the' court was created
to-day by an order detailing Captain
Henry W. Carpenter of the Marine Corps
to duty as provost marshal of the court
to preserve order and decorum. He will
also exercise immediate . command over
the court. ' , - - ,
WASHINGTON, Sept. 9—During the
conference between Admiral Dewey, presi
dent of- the, Schley court, and Captain
Lemly, judge advocate of the court, it
was ' arranged that the sessions " of the
court after Thursday, when the court first
assembles at 1 o'clock, should be held
daily from 10 to 12 o'clock and from 1 to
3 o'clock or thereabouts. The court
will sit continuously from day to day
Sundays excepted, until the session is con
cluded. ¦ , ¦ . . , -
Marine Corps Will Act as
Provost Marshal.
ANOTHER OFFICER ADDED
, TO THE COTJBT OF INQTmtY
Captain Henry W. Carpenter of the
W. Ireland 13, V. La Motte 9. Debenham 14,
Reed 8.
Event 2, 20 birds— O. Feudner 15, Daniels 19,
Foster 19, Chestnut 17, Stone 15, W. Golcher 15
Schultz 16, Bruns 13, Webb 19. Wilson 17, Jus
tins 13, Murdock 13, Burnell 20, Iverson 19,
Lewis 8, Thomas 18, Gordon 17. F. Feudner 18
W. Ireland 16, V. La Motte 11. Debenham 17.
Reed 17, Swales 17, Allen 17. Cullen 15. ! Durst
12, Anderson 15, Crandel 9, Lepolds 10. Fish 13
Event 3, 20 birds— O. Feudner 18. Daniels 20.
Foster 18. Chestnut 14, Stone 17, W. Golcher 17
Schultz 19; Bruns 14, Webb 20. Wilson 20 Jus
tins 13, Murdock 17. Burnell 14. Iverson 16
Lewis 6, Thomas 17, Gordon 14, F. Feudner 17
W. Ireland 13, V. La Motte 11. Debenham 20,
Reed 16. Swales 17. Allen 10, Cullen 17. Durst
14. .Crandel 11. Lepolds 7, Hauer 15. White 6,
Hoyt 16, Jansen 11, Byrne 5, Olsen 12, Price 15,
Stanton 18, J. Ireland 11. Jevett Jr. 16, Stocker
3, Anderson 11, Fish 15, T. Thomas 7, Jevett Sr
11 Kerrlson 16. Dubolce 11. Peltier 7. Crowe 3.
Walker 5, Sylvester 15. L. Balrd 16, J. Peltier
7. Gere 11. Boice 9. Baker 12, A. La Mott* 10,
Iklehelmer 18. Peterson 7, Houpt 8 Stegman 8
C. Balrd 7. Hunt 6. McLain 9. Derbey 18 Bil
lington 14. Peltier 7. V. Peltier 7.
Event 4, 15 birds— O. Feudner 15, Foster 11
Sr On £ J2* S£ Golcher 10 . Schultz 13. Brans 11,
W f. bb « 13 - Wilson 12 - Justins 9, Murdock 8. Bur
nell 12, Iveiron 9. Thomas 6, Gordon 11 F
Feudner 12, W. Ireland 12. Debenham 10 Reed
11. Swales 11. Allen 12. Cullen 12, Durst 11,
Crandel 10, Lepoids 8, Hauer 9, Price 9 Fish
10, Dubolce 9, Sylvester 11. Gere 10, Baker 11
Houpt 12, Stegman 3, McLain 8. Derbey 13
Searles 11. J. Peltier 9, V. Peltier 7. Halle 7.'
TROTTERS AND PACERS
SHOW SOME FAST : TIME
Event 1. 15 birds— O. Feudner 12, Daniels 14.
Foster 14, Chestnut 13. Stone 8. W. Golcher 14
Schultz 10, Bruns 13, Webb 14, Wilson 13
Justlns 12. Murdock 12. Burnell 14, Iverson 14.
Lewis 6, Thomas 8, Gordon 11, F. Feudner 9,
The several pool events brought out
strong entries, and in the special event,
which was the last race of the day and
was also an unlimited re-entry race,
nearly every shooter on the grounds took
part. Otto Feudner was the only one
with a straight score of .fifteen targets
In this event. He shot from the 22-yard
mark. In the table which follows only
the highest scores in the re-entry race
(event 4) are given. The detached scores
for the several events follow:
this honor. Edgar Foster was second,
six birds behind Webb. In the main
event of the day, the merchandise
match, four men. were tied with
straight scores, each breaking the total
number of twenty shot at. These were
Daniels, Webb, Wilson and Debenham.
In the shoot-off for the prize it took
twenty-three straight breaks on Debert
ham's part before he was declared the
winner, as Wilson crowded him up to the
twenty-third bird before losing. The con
test was exciting from start to finish,
and Debenham was congratulated on his
magnificent work.
Chicago 0. '92
Brooklyn- 8 11 0
Batteries— Eason and Kahoe; Kitson and Ma
gulre Umpire— Nash. • .
.NEW YORK. Sept. -9.— New York •and St.
Louis broke even in the double-header at the
Polo grounds to-day. Matthewson pitched '.the
first game and allowed the visitors only two
hits. In the second game Maul started for the
New Yorks. but he was taken out after .the
first inning and . Livingston substituted. He
was as wild as a hare. ¦ The New Yorks have
signed a new player named Miller, who played
second base to-day. Attendance, 1S00. Scores:
First game— ':.•:, • R. H. ¦ ' E.
New York .....:... 5 14 4
St. Louis 1 2 3
"¦ Batteries— Matthewson and Warner; Murphy
and Nichols. \ >.; . ...
.Second game— R. H. ,E.
St Louis ..:...... 11 -.— 17 ¦¦•'. 4
New York ; 3 7. . 1
Batteries— Sudhoff and Nichols; Maul, Living-
Eton and Bowerman. :•- Umpire— Dwyer. 1'
BOSTON, ' Sept. 9.— Boston's batting was
chiefly confined to one inning to-day, -five sin
gles and a three-bagger in the fifth , bringing
in flvfe runs. v Attendance, -1200. .Score: ..
-,.; ;-.¦; t ¦"¦ r'- '.¦¦•¦. R. h. e.
Boston .'......'...; ...5 10 -3
Cincinnati' ......... V. ......:.:...: 3 5 .1
' Batteries— Nichols and Klttredge; Sudhoff
and Pletz. ¦Umpire— Brown. . -
; . NATIONAL LEAGUE.
PHILADELPHIA, '- Sept. 9.— Pittsburg won
to-day's game after giving the home club sev
eral opportunities to at least tie the score. The
visitors bunched five hits in the second inning,
netting six ¦ runs. ' After this Duggleby was
sent to the rubber. Attendance, 7800. Score:
R. H. E.
Pittsburg- '.T. 11 15 -2
Philadelphia 6 .13 " 1
Batteries — Tannehlll, Chesebrough, ¦ Yeager
and O'Connor: White, Duggleby and Douglass.
UmpIro-7-Emslle.
BROOKLYN, Sept. 9.— Kltson's^superb pitch
ing, together with sharp fielding by Brooklyn,
shut out the Chlcagos to-day. Gannon, a New
York State League fielder, played his first game
for Chicago and made a good impression. At
tendance, . 1300. Score:
\ R. H. E.
CHICAGO. Sept. 9.-^Chicago made It four
straight from Boston by winning two games
this afternoon. The first game was a fierce
contest, with honors about equally divided,
and was won by Foster's home run In the
eighth inning-. In the second game the visitors
had- a bad case of rattles, and three errors
followed by two hits, rave the locals five runs
in the first inning. Boston could not over
come this lead, although Griffith was hit often.
Attendance, 7100. Scores:
First game — R. H. E.
Chicago ....,.....*. 4 10 1
Boston 3 6 2
; Batteries — Callahan and Sullivan ; Mitchell
Lewis and Schreck.
Second game— R. H. E.
Chicago 6 ' 4 1
Boston 4 11 • 4
Batteries— Griffith and Sullivan; "Winters and
Criger. . ¦ - . - ; - .
DETROIT, Sept 9.— McGinnlty was easy for
the' home team to-day and In addition his sup
port was poor. Rain fell during the greater
part of the game, which was called at the end
of the sfxth inning. Attendance 1000. Score
' . • i R. H. E.
Baltimore .....¦".: 4 8 2
Detroit... i 5 8 - 1
- Batteries— McGinnlty and'Bresnahan; Yeager
and Shaw. ¦ . ¦-.. '.
CLEVELAND, Sept. 9.— But for a low throw
by Bradley in the sixth Inning the Phila
delphias would have been shut out to-day.
Dowllng pitched-, a strong game. Bernhardt
was touched up freely in the second. Attend
ance, 1240: Score:
. , R. H. E.
Cleveland 4. 13 l
Philadelphia 1 .5.1
Batteries— Dowling and Wood; Bernhardt and
Powers.
Foster's Home Run in the Eighth
Inning Wins One of the
• Contests. .
, AMERICAN LEAGUE. .
CHICAGO TAKES FOXTB
GAMES FKOM BOSCO1T
Sixth round— White' Hat beat Sir Lawrence,
3-1; The Grafter iv bye. . ..- v'v,, ¦•"; ""* 3»4
coUrwfrThfe"" Grafter beat' White Hat
9-7.' '• ' VT ; ; ' ¦ -r '¦>
Fourth round— Naughty Girl, beat Tom Hur
llck, 4-3; White Hat -beat Faraway. 3-2; The
Grafter a bye; Golden Russet beat Wild Tra
lee. 11-6; Sir Lawrence beat Castaway, 4-0.
Fifth round— White Hat beat Naughty Girl,
3-2; The Grafter beat Golden Russet, 4-1; Sir
Lawrence a bye. ..'"-- "->> ¦..•••"
Third round— Tom Hurllck beat Bowery Boy
8-2; Naughty Girl beat Nora Lawrence, 6-3;
White Hat beat Controller. 4-1: Faraway beat
Sleety Mist, 10-3; The Grafter beat Sacramento
Boy, 5-4; Modest Lad beat Regina R, 11-6; Wild
Tralee beat Ripple, 4-0; Golden Russet beat An
nie Hall, 4-0;' Sir Lawrence beat Haphazard
6-4; Castaway beat Sofala. 4-2. -
Class Reserve stake, ¦. second round— George
Sharman's Bowery Boy beat Star Kennels'
Black Head,' 8-0; \V. J. Leonard's Tom Hurllck
beat J. M: Halton's May • Hempstead, 3-2 ' A.
Vanderberg's Naughty Girl beat J. Willis' Half
Moon, 4-1; F. Schou's Nora Lawrence beat M.
Nealon's Aeneas, 4-3;' H. Perlgo's Controller
beat J. Kerrigan's Adamantine, 3-2; Chiarini
Bros.' White Hat beat Star Kennels' Fontenoy,
4-3; J. H. Perieo's Faraway - beat Chiarini
Bros.' Master Workman, 16-2; Sterl & Knowles'
Sleety Mist beat J. Kelley's Gov. Mac, 6-4; D.
Walsh's i Sacramento Boy beat .George Shar
man's St. Ives, 6-0; J. Markland's The Grafter
beat Georg-e Sharman's Chicago Boy, 14-4: T. J.
Mclnerney's Reglna R beat L. F. Barter s Best
Bargain, 6-4; E. M. Kellogg-s Modest Lad a
bye; T. J. Cronin's Wild Tralee beat F. Schou's
Lady Glenklrk, 10-0; Sterl & Knowles' Ripple
beat M: Nealon's Achilles, 4-3; T. J. Mclner
ney's Annie Hall beat E. M. Kellogg" s Modest
Girl. 5-4; P. Jackson's Golden Russet beat
Pasha Kennels' i Risky Attempt, 4-0; C. O. Pe
terson's Haphazard beat Sterl & Knowles' Ollta,
3-0; J. Dowling's Sir Lawrence beat P. Jack
son's Honor Bright, 14-3: Captain Clarkson's
Sofala-beat T. Kenny's May Boy, 12-8; Ed
Neave's Castaway beat Captain Clarkson's
Prompto, 3-0.
Chiarini Brothers' young dog White Hat
made 'a good showing in reaching the
final. In this he met The Grafter. The
dogs were slipped to a strong "jack" that
took them straight away up« the field.
White Hat led and did the early work in
the course. He was even in points when
Grafter killed and won the trial.
'. The day's results, with Judge John
Grace's official scores, follow:
¦ The' Grafter, won first - money "In the
stake, beating: "White Hat in an exciting
final. After getting - the decision over
Chicago /Boy in the secpnd round The
u-ratter was slipped with Sacramento Boy.
Both dogs were well backed and great in
terest was manifested in the trial because
of the dogs being so evenly matched. The
Grafter won the course by a single' point.
Later the pair met again, Sacramento Boy
being run as the bye dog against his
former victor. This time the decision. was
reversed, though The Grafter was handi
capped by having run two more courses.
The day was a good one for the favor
ites, though Ollta, a 7 to 1 choice, hurt
the talent by 'losing to Haphazard in the
second round.
The finals In the Class Reserve " stake,
the rundown of which ¦was decided on
Saturday, last, were run off yesterday at
JJnlon Coursing Park.- The attendance
was larger than expected. .
Holiday Crowd Enjoys Good
Work of the Greyhounds
at the Coursing Meeting
Beats White Hat in the
- . . . . - ¦ >"¦¦.
Deciding Course of
Class Reserve Event
Former Makes the Highest Average for the Two Days' Shoot, While the
Latter Wins the Principal Event, Breaking Forty-Three Clay Disks With
out a Miss, Meanwhile Defeating the Best of the Shotgun Brigade
WEBB AND DEBENHAM PROVE EXPERTS
AT EMPIRE GUN CLUB TOURNAMENT
GRAFTER WINS
STAKE HONORS
MAT UNION PARK
WITH THE AMATEUR REINSMEN, ON THE COURSING FIELD AND AT THE TRAPS
3
THE SAN FR AN CISCO CALp; TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 10^ 1901.
Peter S. Admiral, 533 Sacramento street,
reported to the police yesterday that he
was robbed of his gold watch early in
the morning at Sixth and Howard streets.
He had been drinking in a saloon at Tenth
and -Howard streets and left about. 5
Had His "Watch! Stolen.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Dr. Pierce's Pleasant Pellets cure con-
stipation by curing the cause. They do
.Sot beget the uill habit.
« I was a total wreck— could not sleep or eat,"
writes Mr. T. O. Beers, of Berrymam Crawford
Co.. Mo. ¦ For two vears I tried medicine from
doctors but received very little benefit. I lost
flesh and strength, was not able to do a good
diy's work. I commenced taking Dr. Pierce's
Golden Medical Disco\-ery, and when I had
taken one botUe I could sleep, and my appetite
was wondcrfullv improved. I have taken five
bottles and am "fitill improving."
To physical warnings will
A^ often prevent a serious
/g£± illness. When there are
M"^4. oppressive fullness_ after
ts^tSt eating-, bitter risings,
y&-f belching, headache, dirzi-
ness, nervousness, with
(£\\ll?jS^& physical and mental sluj-
aP32)l& j2~E3 rishness, prompt atten-
•\j^^ *&$?¦> t ' oa should be giren to
|yA'lfe the condition of the diges-
vf JeOrt*^ 4/4 l ' ve an<^ nutritive sys-
te=is. Not all these
yS^'^-Z/Si'y symptoms will occur at
jtjrf^^ 151 once or in any single
n / *tf case, but an j one of them
9 *^v( y w indicates a. disordered
Y 7^ 13 condition of the stomach
' V I ' If an(^ ot^ er organs of diges-
> J \j tioa and nutrition.
j 1/ A prompt cure of these
jj conditions will be effected
// by the timely use of Dr.
I i Pierce's Golden Medical
\ // Discov^T. It heals dis-
/[ eases c^the stomach and
\ jj other organs of digestion
II and nutrition, perfectly
J I and permanently. Many
y *\| diseases, seemingly re-
ffWjjJ* ' niote i^om. the stomach,
. <^^^"^» "have their origin in a
diseased condition of the
organs of digestion and nutrition. "Golden
Medical Discovery" cures through the
stomach diseases which have their origin
in a diseased condition of the stomach, and
hence diseases of liver, lungs, heart and
other organs are cured by use of the ? Dis-
covery." It contains no alcohol, neither'
opium, cocaine, or other narcotic. It is a
true temperance medicine.
Accept no substitute for "Golden Med-
ical Discovery." There is nothing else
"just as good."
There is only one way to dispose of broken lot suits and overcoats and I
do it quickly— that's to. reduce the prices fully a half and tell people about it
That's what we have done. The benefit is mutual, however. You save money
on your clothing bill, and thereafter think well of us. We dispose of the broken
assortments, make room for new stock and gain the public's appreciation of our
methods and values.
To make the sale. a success we have gone 'over -the entire stock up to I
$i£.oo and taken everv line in which the assortment is broken and put the suits I
in at one price, $6.55. The Principal materials in the suits are cheviots and
worsteds in fall and winter weights. The overcoats are covert top coats in swell
shades for $5.55. . ,/
The garments are union made, guaranteed and actually reduced as much as
a half in many instances.
This is|a- money-back and a money-saving store and withal a safe store.
Swell, nobby tip-top (fcn CE Seasonable, well- A/ rr
top coats - reduced -V^dd made sack suits re- Itf)*""
\o. ........ ............1VV ducedto... «PU
flbney Saying 5ales for Boys & Youths
fj^^ ,Jt ls customary with us when having a sale in the men's
v n^f \ / department to hold one also in the _'bovs* and youths' department. !
WA^fy We are following out our custom. We have a sale of odds and j
ends for small boys and a special sale of sack suits for their j
MBSflflSRBBk\ "^ lg brothers -" B;th sales are of interest to father or mother,
iffflii^W 1 who generally "foots the bill." > '
li'li HSlffifM I Th f SUit j ar u f ? H and winter wei S ht Odds and ends from various lines in
IIIiSH^II double b«£t,H T? 18 J" Sin£le t and the ch51dr^'s department, comprising sail-
wMB$B&- ia " c sSin S are P £°e?: r s ' vestees - -rrz R ;rr bI r es a £
JiiSiiiS^^B- $ I0 -°°. $ 12 -5° an d $i5-°o; the special tw °-P iece smts which s °'d from $4 to $8, |
I'illlMwiMI^^^ price is are be ' n{: closed ° ut at
«£<\wi<YiwiMIm '/ u^ '' ne °^ b° ys ' an d youths' sweat- _:¦ „ .* "
H ers. in swell patterns have just arrived, Boys' knee pants, .extra value, 50c a .
i!liIMI& Also sweaters for little tots from 3 to 6 i Boys' percale shirt waists, ages 4 to 10,
-llllflill years. .«pl..^l. .10. 2.">c each/,
WMm Baulai ' Large assortment of "Mother's Friend". Boys* extra heavy, double-knee hosiery, i
ij|lS k1h|\ shirt waists, ages 4 to. 12, prices 5Oc, U5c a pair. • i
1 Wm& Iffs ¦ 75c, $1. . : i - X' - Boys' s:olf caps, extra value. 25c each.DIRECTING HEAD OeNtHE ADMISSION DAY PARADE IN SAN JOSE AND SOME" OP {THE PARLORS WHOSE
SPLENDID APPEARANCE WON THE PLAUDITS OF THOUSANDS OF SPECTATORS WHO LINED THE EN
TIRE ROUTE OF THE PICTURESQUE PROCESSION. \
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAX JOSE, Sept. 9.— The news of
the President's Improved condition
had its effect on the celebration
here and to-day both visitors and
natives attempted to crowd in all
the fun that was intended for three days.
The streets were radiant with flags and
bunting. Throngs crowded the sidewalks,
Joking, laughing and bandying repartee.
Brass bands and drum corps marched
this way and that, playing every imagin
able air: people at windows with boxing
gloves attached to strings "soaked" un
suspecting passers by, who, recovering
from their surprise at the unlooked for
assault, stopped to join in^the laugh
against themselves and to watch some
other unfortunate get it. Many additional
hundreds of visitors arrived late yester
day and they lent their efforts; to th,ose
of the earlier arrivals* to keep 1 the pot
boiling. ... .-. , ;^-. :
The grand parade, which was scheduled
to start at 10:30 o'clock this .morning,
was different irom most parades, Inas
much 2s it sot away promptly. on time.
Just as the clock was striking' the half
hour Grand Marshal Edward J. Taafe
raised his baton, gave the signal and the
long line cf Native Sons and" daughters
started on their course, cheered at every
step by thousands of spectators .who
lined the streets along the entire route of
the procession.
As parlor after parlor passed, those on
the siCewalks would spy friends and
accjuair.ta.nces among the marcmng men,
whom they would hail by name, calling
attention to some special object in £acn
particular parlor that attracted thej at
tention ana won the approbation of the
crowd.
There were not many floats in the pro
cession, but three that caused consider
able favorable comment, were -those of
the California Ledtes' Band. La Vespera
Parlor and Vendome Parlor.
Beautiful Banner Stands.
Taking the place of the usually great
number of floats were the banner stands.
They were many and beautiful, but the
one that was easily the handsomest — was,
in fact, the prettiest feature of the entire
parade — was the floral banner and stand
of Brooklyn Parlor No. 151 of Kast Oak
land. The background of this magnificent
affair was composed of flowers giving a
white and gold effect, while the letters
w«re in red and blue. It was really a
work of art, and the applause it received
wherever it was seen was hearty end
prolonged enough to compensate those
who assisted in its construction for the
immense amount of labor that must have
foefcn expended. '
Most of the Native Daughters rode In
carriages, but Oro Fina and Buena Vista
parlors had decided to walk, as did also
the Ladies' Drill Corps of La Estralla
and 1- remont parlors. These four bodies
of marchingr women attracted much at
tention and divided honors for excellence
of alignment with the two companies of
the First California Regiment, F and I,
that had come down from San Francisco
to show the natives of San Jose how
Filipino fields were won. Company F was
under the command of Captain J. F.
Eggert and First lieutenant Ben Clancy
Sjid it marched alone w»th that same
*prigrhtly quickstep that tlwee years and
more ago took it up to the walls of
Manila, the first company in an assault
made by an army of 15,000 men. Company
I, "whicii also distinguished itself in the
same campaign, was commanded by Cap
, tain V. Moore.
Make-Up of the Parade.
At the last moment a number of
changes were made in the order of the
parade. Most of these were made neces
sary by the fact that some parlors which
had been expected to come as a whole
eent only small delegations and conse
quently had too few representatives here
to make a proper showing in the pro
cession. The regular order of parade, as
It took place after these changes had
been made, was as follows:
Chief of Police. Mounted
Squad of Police. Mounted.
Grand marshal. Edward J. Taafe; chief of
staff, H. W. McComas; chief- aid. George Y
Bollinger; chief of aldn, H. I. Mulcrevy.
Aids to erand marshal— Thomas B. Flint.
Louis Xonnenmann. E. J. Rob*t, J. J. MIley"
Frank Salnscott. John Linehan, • Joseph K.'
O'Donnel, L Ulndemann, B. E. Boulan M H.
Wllktns, C. E. Shields, M. J. O'Donnel, T.' W
Hobson, C. D. Hey wood, J. F. Hanson! V*
Orer«o. •
Marshal— Colonel A. K. Whltton. .
Aids— Lieutenant C. Arques, T. J. McGeoghegan.
'-•¦¦• Fifth Regiment Band. . .
FIRST DIVISION.
Citizen and Stranger Guest
Play Merry Pranks Upon
Unsuspecting Passers-By
Favorable News Regard
ing President McKinley
Releases the Gayety
JOLLY THRONG
HOLDS WALKS
OF SAN JOSE
"Happy is- he wHo lets himself Towe no
man and- lets no man owe him.
Of Interest to People of the Coast.
¦'. WASHINGTON, Sept. 9.— Postofflce es
tablished : ,'i. Calif ornla— Kokell , , Riverside;
Byron -W.- Nordyke; 'Postmaster. I Discon
tinued: ,;•: California"— Newport, Orange
County, mall goes to Fairview." Washing
ton— Toroda, Okanogan County, mall goes
to Erodle..; > ;'.;; - •¦ . ¦ -¦¦; .- .
: : Pensions granted : J : , California— Original-
David L. Kretsinger, SaniDiego, J6. : .War
with l Spain— John Harrington, Los Ange
les, $20.. ¦; -... v '-. •".,.. .-; : ¦-'-,;-!--, -,-....; ,-. .."¦
Captured After Twc* Years
TTn££n OS?E ; Sep / , t ;' 9 - Joh * Hanson, alias
Hillman, who disappeared about "two
years ago with . $800 ht . his ¦ employer's
money, was arrested in this city to-day
his cuilT^^ A : A n d erson. C H^ Admits
nis guilt and sayia he has spent the monpv
prospecting in Alaska. Hansor iwaTem!
ployed - as foreman on the ranch of \Tohn-
Hutton.v near Los Gatos and Boaae3
the ' full - confidence of employer He
Sd^eturn""^° T h '*L^ *T
Transport Is Delayed.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 9.— Acting Adju
tant General' Ward • received a' cablegram
from General Chaff ee at. Manila saying
that the transport Kilpatrick, on her trip
from San Francisco, had been delayed at
Guam four days by- unloading and had
been subsequently delayed two days by
head .winds. ¦ .."¦;¦ ¦-¦¦¦¦
General Chaffee says. that it will be im
possible-to send the engineer companies
to San Francisco on the Kilpatrick, which-
Is scheduled to sail' on: the 15th inst., but
that they wllW>e sent to the .United States
on the first transport arriving at Manila.
gfnial, kindly man' had been shot down by a
coward whose craven hand he grasped, did you
not execrate the man, the deed, the principles
supported . only ., by the^dagger of the assassin
and torch of the Incendiary, knowing no man
hood, no humanity, • no remorse, no shame ? ' I
know you did and know that now with me you
raise your eyes and heart to him who , rules
the -destinies of nations and of men, praying
that Columbia be spared the pain of bending
o'er the pall of her loved son beside a woman
with a ; broken heart. .'...¦..
Congressman < Coombs spoke In part as
follOWS: :¦'• • i ".'.,': ,'._:' , r:'fi^
v ,TJie celebration will conclude -to-mor
row .with 'an excursion '¦ to,Mount'Hamil
ton. :¦¦. ¦ " : ¦ ¦¦ ¦¦; -;¦..
While, we have - gathered under, these pa
triotic shades, -the ' Presldant .of the United
States, haw- been stricken by anarchy. >'- These
dark agents,' not content, with. thelri deed, havQ
invaded- the '„ sanctuary .and around their In
tended, victim, offered up dark hopes portend
ing evil to an order of government. / The mem
bers of our order mlhgle their prayers with this
celebration for. the life of ¦ our.' President, and
offer their lives in aid of the principles of, free
government, - the I perpetuity of which depends
upon the I utter, destruction of these false gods
which for a time have Issued their dark decrees
In 'this fair land. u: .<.;¦»* „ • • ' ,. -- . ¦
Speclal Dispatch to The Call.
SEATTLE. Sept. 9.— John Sloan' and S.
J. Hayes, old-time Alaska prospectors, re
port many glacial changes in the interior
and near the headwaters of the Copper
River. Small lakes ¦ and creeks . long well
known to the, pioneer prospectors, they
say. have disappeared as if by magic.
Bowlders of mammoth size were found
rising from the . lakebeds and where
streams had been appeared rising ground.
The general topography of this section
presented the appearance of a great gla
cial slide. „ They believe the phenomenon
took place in 1900. • -
Sloan and Hayes, who knew the country,
well, say the changes are so remarkable'
that it was as though they had visited a
region hitherto unexplored. A great area
has been affected by the glacial disturb-
RED MEN CROWD PAVILION".
State Fair.
Lodgemen Have a Celebration at ths
SACRAMENTO, Sept. 9.— To-night was
Red Men's night in the State 1 - fc air :-pa
vilion,, and there was a large attendance"
of lodgemen from this and surrounding
localities. An interesting 'feature of the
celebration was- a series of - tableaux,
representing the history of America from
the earliest , times, as- follows: -,
1— The sailing of, Columbus from the port of
Palos, . Spain. August 3, ' 1492. V ¦ . • . \,
2 — The first landing of Columbus in the new
world Friday.- October 12, 1492. •¦ . - ;
3— Balboa discovering- the ' Pacific, September
25, 1513.-. :•-¦• -. ; ¦ :. -. • - , • •:
. 4— De Soto discovering the Mississippi River,
1542. .: ¦ ¦¦ ' . ¦ ' • ¦ . ¦• ¦ . -. -
5 — The rescue of Captain - Smith "by Poca
hontas. •
-6— Landing of the Pilgrims, 1620. • -> • , .
. 7— Roger Williams, the father of ' Rhode
Island, entertained, by the Indians, 1633. ,
8 — How Marquctte was received by .the Illi
nois. 1673. v -- . -..- K '¦
9— The first " white men who descended the
Mississippi, 1673. ¦».¦ •',.(' -" • -r : .¦..•'
10— William Penn making the treaty with the
Delawares. October 16. 1683. :.
11— Colonel Allen capturing Tlconderoga.' 1775.
12 — General Washington, the father .of -our
country^ at. Mount Vernon.- '-.'' -r u ¦— '
.''13— The origin of the Improved Order of, Red/
Men- at: Fort iMifflln. (The order .originated
as a 'patriotic association : among the volun
teers ; who > garrisoned Kort ¦ Mif flin in . the - year
1812. V ¦'¦...'-¦> : -. - ' . -. " -7 -¦ •/
' : - 14— Goddess of Liberty. ,, ; •
- To-morrow night the Ancient -Order of
United ' Workmen ' will ; hold forth at the
pavilion..- Elaborate preparations have
been made. .The Sacramento drill team
and two i drill teams from San Jose— the
Mount Hamilton and Enterprise teams
will take'; part in 'the exercises. Many
members of the Grand Lodge ' will be - in
attendance. • , - . . ' ; -
Special Dispatch to The Call.
GOVELO, Sept. 9.— The body of Pren
tiss^ Hutchinson. the v missing young
huntsman from Oakland, has been found
after fifteen days- of searching- by scores
of men over rough mountains and along
brush lined streams. «.
Thomas R. Hutchinson, the father of
the young man, proposed this morning
that the searchers go down Rattlesnake
Creek once more.- All agreed and they
started out. They went down several
miles without success and at last started
back. After ascending the stream some
distance they came to a very rough place
and some started to go around. Mr.
Hutchinson proposed agoing through this
place, &3 he did not wish to leave any
unexplored. He had gone but a few
yards when he was startled by four or
live large buzzards arising from a spot
directly ahead of him. He. pushed on and
soon shouted; '
"I have found my, boy. "Here he is
dead."' • -' ~ *- ;-'¦ . . : ..
1 Thetl the father sank -down,' prostrated
by his discovery. ;; !: : > ¦ " •
Everything: indicates that., the young 1
•man had gone down to the edge of the
stream", and slipped and fell into the
water.. Stunned by the fall, he was un
able to help himself and drowned in only
a "few inches of water. One shoe had in
some way been slipped from his foot ana
lay close beside him. His hat and fishing
rod tiave not yet been found. From the
worn, appearance of his shoes he must
have traveled some, time and at last
wandered back to .the creek. |
Scores of men hid passed the place
where he was found and failed to see the
body. Experienced men had been on~the
trail for fifteen days and it Is a singular
fact that it was- the father who finally
came upon the body. - - .-
The remains of the young man ¦will h«»
taken to Oakland for burial "
OAKLAND Sept. 9.-Prentiss Hutchin
son i left Oakland several weeks ago for
a. vacation^in the woods near Cummings
a famous headquarters on Rat
tlesnake Creek., a. tributary of the* Eel
River. Two^weeks ago on Sunday he"left
the Tracey house, where he was staying
for, a. fishing excursion down Rattlesnake
Creek. He was mounted and amniv sm,
plied with , food. He did not reTum that
night, and the next day search was
instituted and his ¦ horse was found S
near. the junction of Elk Creek and Rat
tlesnake Creek. Hutchinson's footsteps
were traced to Foster Creek anothS^
tributary/ and thence.back to Ratttesnake
Creek, where the trail was lost. The Sodv
was found only a few yards from where
the searchers had turned back wnere
Hutchinson was a graduate of'the Oak
land schools. He was always athletlcami
active and loved outdoor .life. ,
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SEATTLE, Sept. 9.— C. A. S. Frost of
Nome has been cited - to . appear before
the United States Court of Appeals in
San Francisco on October 16, to show
cause why he should not be punished for
contempt. In August, 1900, the Circuit
Court of Appeals Issued its writs of su
persedeas from " San Francisco. These
writs commanded that the golddust in
Mr. McKenzie's possession, under order
of Judge Noyes, be turned, over to the
claim owners. They arrived at Nome last
September.
.'Frost-is alleged to have counseled Mar
shal Vav/ter not to. turn over this dust.
He is alleged to have also advised the
summoning of a posse comitatus to re
sist any attempt to get the dust frpm
McKenzle. At the time - of these alleged
actions Krost .was special examiner lor
the Department of Justice.- It was. his
duty to advise the Marshal concerning
his actions in cases then before him.
Vawter's affidavit states tnat after the
writs of supersedeas/came to Nome Frost
was in the pay of Alexander .McKenzie,
and was using all the means in his povv-ei
to prevent that .official losing the gold
dust which the writs had ordered to be
turned over by him. It states that iKrost
attempted to persuade Vawter, as Mar
shal, to get armed men to hold this dust
at the expense of the United States; that
Alexander McKenzie said . to Vawter,
concerning Frost: "He is as putty in my,
hands." .' . , • " • ' /¦ ¦' •. ¦
Young Huntsman Is Stunned
by Fall From a Rock and
. Drowns in Shallow Creek
Monster Slides Destroy Old
Landmarks in Large Sec
tion of Interior Alaska
Long. Search for Prentiss
Hutchinson in Mendo
cino County Wilds Ends
Glacial Disturbance > at
Copper River's Source
Alters the Topography
Frost of Nome Is Cited
to Show Cause Why He
ShouldNot Be Punished
Accused of Using His Office
to Aid in Defrauding the
Northern Miners of Gold
CAUSES LAKES
AND STREAMS
TO DISAPPEAR
MUST ANSWER
FOR CONTEMPT
OF THE COURT
FATHER FINDS
BODY OF SON
IN THE BRUSH
Special Dispatch to The Call.
¦^^RASS VALLEY, Sept. > 9.— The
(I Yf celebration held here to-day to
II I commemorate the fifty-first annl-
versary of California's admission.
into Statehood was ushered in by
thirty-one ringing salutes, proclaiming the
fact that California was the thirty-first
State to come into the Union. The sky
was clear and the sun came out bright
and warm. The town was a mass of;
flags, bunting and Japanese lanterns.
The celebration really commenced on
Saturday evening, when the Argonauts, a
popular and mysterious side degree of the.
Native Sons, held forth In the streets.
There were representatives In line from,
various parts of the State and the Argon
aut carnival was a complete success.
Since then every train has brought visit
ors, the Sacramento delegation, nearly 200
strong, arriving with a bind yesterday
afternoon. Mrs. Genevieve Baker, grand
president of the Native Daughters, came
up with the Sacramento delegation,-^ She
was received with cheers by. tRev Native
Daughters- and Native -Sons-gathered at
the station and was escorted by a com
mittee to a gayly decorated carriage. On
the way to the. Natives' headquarters the
grand president of the Native Daughters
was loudly cheered. Mrs. Baker is very
popular in all. parts of the State, but her
following in Nevada. County is exception I
ally enthusiastic.
A public reception was held in the Audi
torium last evening, which was presided
over by Mayor C. E. Clinch. Addresses
were delivered by Hon. F. E. Greeley of
Marysville. Mrs. Genevieve Baker and Dr.
Hanna of Sacramento. While this recep
tion was in progress band concerts were
being held in the streets. - .
The'pageant to-day was one'long: to be
remembered by Nevada County 1 people and
visitors. The parade consisted or three
divisions, marshaled by H. J. Campbell.
The different parlors of Native" Sons ap
peared in natty and attractive- uniforms
and were applauded along the line of
march.' • •• ¦'.'.- >
The exercises, which followed Mn the
Auditorium, were appropriate, the address
by '.Hon. Fred Greeley of Marysvflle being
a masterly effort. To-night there Was a
ball ore a large open-air platform.. To
morrow the visitors will be entertained at
a picnic and reunion of-Poineers of Ne
vada County in Glenbrobk Park.
Officers -Raid a "Still."
BAKER CITY. Or.. Sept. 9.— Deputy
United, States • Marshal Roberts, accom
panied by Deputy. Internal Revenue Col
lector Minto. to-day arrested C. C. Davis,
better known as "Lum" Davis, a prom
inent ranch owner living on Snake Klver.
a few miles . below Huntington. on the
charge of running an illicit distillery for
the manufacture of fruit brandy. A por
tion of a "still" was found on Davis'
place and sent to Portland, where It will
be used as evidence against him- *
Mrs/ Baker, Grand President
of Native Daughters, Gets
a^Flattering Reception
Company B, Fifth Infantry Regiment, Captain
T. H. Derby commanding.
Company I. First Infantry Regiment. N. G. C,
Captain F. Moore commanding.
Company F, First Infantry Regiment, N. G.
C, Captain J. F. Eggert commanding.
Company G. Fifth Infantry Regiment. N. G.
C, Captain G. W. Wethern commanding.
SECOND DIVISION.
Marshal— W. L. Coombs.
Aids— 3. S. Selby. Robert J. Langf ord.
Ladies' Band.
Pioneers on Foot.
Pioneers In Carriages.
Mayor and Common 1 Council in Carriages.
Board of Supervisors In Carriages. t
THIRD DIVISION. ;
' Marshal-Miss Ethel Pyle.
Aids— T. W. Hobson. J. R. Trimble.
First Infantry Band.
La Estrella Parlor. N. D. G. W.
Golden State Parlor No. 50. N. D. G. W.
Fremont Parlor No. 59. N. D. G. W.
Las Lomas Parlor No. 72. N. D. G. TV*.
Buena Vista Parlor.
Oro Flna Parlo/. . .
. California Parlor No. 1, N. S. G. "W.
La Vespera Parlor, on Float.
San Jose Parlor No. 81. N. D. G. TV., in
. Carriages.
Vendome Parlor No, 100. N. D. G. W., in
Carriages.
Grand Officers N. D. G. W., in Carriages.
6rand Officers N. S. G. W., in Carriages.
FOURTH DIVISION.
Marshal— Alexander F. Williams.
\ Aids— J. S. Wllliaws, F. C. Gerdls.
Peneacola Naval Band. ¦*
Pacific Parlor No. 10.
Mission Parlor No. 33. \
FIFTH DIVISION,
Marshal— Fred Suhr Jr.
Aids— H. G. Williams, A. N. Ftedson.
Golden Gate Drum Corps.
Golden Gate Parlor No. 29.
Fremont Parlor No. 24.
Oakland Parlor No. 60.
SIXTH DIVISION.
Marshal— W. E. Bamber. . • ¦
Aids— J. E. Lewis, D. Lowney.
League of the Cross Drum Corps.
Alameda Parlor No. 47.
El Dorado Parlor No. 62.
Stanford Parlor No. 76.
SEVENTH DIVISION.
' ' Marshal — Milton Besse.
Aids— Spiro Radovich. William McDonald.
(Hastings Concert Band. 1
Fourth Division, Naval Militia, N. G. C, Cap
tain C. Lindsay commanding. '
Santa Cruz Parlor No. 90.
Yerba Buena Parlor No.- 84. . ?
EIGHTH DIVISION.
Marshal— Edward L. Rlttore.
Aids— J. N. Rose, F. W. Marshal. ,
San Francisco Drum Corps.
San Francisco Parlor No. 49.
Santa Lucia Parlor No. 97.
Bay City Parlor No. 104.
Niantic Parlor No. 105.
NINTH DIVISION.
Marshal— H. a! Mullen.
Aids— Emil CamolleJ Charles Ruppricht. i
Rlncon Parlor No. 72. -^
Eden Parlor No.' 113. v
TENTH DIVISION. '
Marshal— F. Barnett.
Aids— H. T. Ansdro. H. D. Clark.
Oakland Concert Band. .
Piedmont Parlor No. 120.
Alcatraz Parlor No. 145.
Halcyon Parlor No. 146.
Brooklyn Parlor No.' 151.
ELEVENTH DIVISION.
Marshal— Emllio Lastretto. >'
. Aids— E. A. Duvenick, W. R. Milton.
Alcalde Drum and Bugle Corps.
_-. : Alcalde Parlor • Drill Corns. "*'.-'Z£.
Alcalde Parlor No. 154.
. , Sea Point Parlor No. 158.
Sequoia Parlor No.- 160.
- TWELFTH DIVISION.
Marshal — E. D. Crowley. . '
Aids— F. A. Lux, W. B. Lawrence.
Hesperian Parlor. Band.
Hesperian Parlor No. 137.
Menlo Parlor No. 185.
Olympus Parlor No. 1S9.
THIRTEENTH DIVISION.
Marshal— Joseph E. Qulnn.
'. Aids— John Ohland, Oscar Kranz.
• - . •• Precita Drum Corps.
•„ - Precita Parlor No. 187. . .
'¦ • - " Presjdio Parlor No. 194. j .
FOURTEENTH DIVISION. '
-.--"- - ¦¦¦---¦ -.Marshal— J. Rose. ¦, .-.
Aids — Eupne C. S. Despair. Frank Frietas.
v -¦ . ¦ - • -.» ¦ - Marshal . Drum Corps. r .
... . ...'.,.,, Marshal Parlor No. 202. '..
and. Navy Parlor No. 207:
r " •'. "• • Dolores Parlor No. 208. ¦ -
Mareton Hose Company No. 2 of Berkeley ,
cs.eoiy.inK Berkeley • Parlor No. ¦ 210.
FIFTEENTH DIVISION." £
Marshal— Nathaniel Halll flan. V
Aifls— Charles E. Towne. Walter A. Meads.
Marine Band. . •
South San Francisco Parlor No. 157.
"Athens Parlor. No. 195.
.. San' Jose Parlor No. 22. • c.i
. Palo Alto Parlor No. 82. « '
Observatory Parlor, No. 177. •
V Taafe Beviewstthe Marchers.
As the' procession passed the Court
house on St.; John street it was reviewed
by Grand. Marshal Taafe. who, surrounded
by his staff, looked ; down - from the steps
of the public building- on the gayly attired
men and women as they filed past him. ;
AfterHhe parade'those participating in
It and those who had watched it dispersed
to enjoy one or another of the various
amusements and entertainments that had
been arranged to make the day pass pleas
antly.
The great event of the afternoon was
the reception by the Jocal Native Sons
and Daughters at Turn Verein Hall.
Thousands attended it.
Festival Ends in Revelry.
To-night was indeed a night of revelry.,
Thousands danced the hours of darkness
away at Turn Verein Hall and the. big
ball-room of the Hotel Vendome was
taxed to its utmost capacity.' Not only
was the ball-room crowded, but the
guests- of 'the Oakland" contingent over
flowed into the halls and- corridors, which
echoed with the sounds of. popping -corks
and. merry laughter, while every avail
able inch of space trembled with the
vibrations of shuffling feet keeping time
to the melodious measures of the laboring
orchestra. ¦' . . • v
. This was without doubt the largest and
most successful function ever given in the
Garden City. The men who were not in
uniform were in evening dress. The
white shirt fronts and gold laced blouses
flitted here and there among the rich
costumes of the women, giving to the
whole scene a blend of oolor that con
tinually changed its tints. with the rapid
ity of a kaleidoscope. . . . - -¦ .
The ball was a huge success and.fitting
ly closed the round of festivity that
marked the day. Those who are to be
thanked for the arrangements . that re
sulted so satisfactorily are:H. C. Sage
horn, floor director; W. B. Staudeford,
\V. P. Martin, E. Breling, H. G. Williams*
and J. E. McElroy, aids.
The reception committee was composed
of H. N. Gard, Judge S. P. Hall, Judge
J. J. Allen, Hon. H. P. Dalton, George
\V. Frick, R. W. Church, HrD. Cush'ng,
Dr. George W. Pardee, E. P. Cook,
George E. Meredith, R..M. Fitzgerald and
W. \\V H. Gentry. ¦
Though all the Oakland parlors par
ticipated, Oakland Parlor No. 50 is the
one under whose name the , invitations
were sent out. ,
A feature of both the dance at Turn
"Verein Hall and the one at Hotel. Ven
dome was the number of pioneers who
were present. ' Led by "Pop" . Jerome of
the San Francisco Custom House - and
Judge James G. Boyd of . San Francisco-,
these hardy old argonauts took In all the
sights, and none danced with greater
vigor than' these same venerable beaux,
who remembered the time when the
water crept up to Montgomery street and
one rode bronco-back from San Fran
cisco to this town to attend a fandango
and whisper sweet nothings into the
willing 1 ear of the handsome daughter of
some proud old Spanish Don!
Those who composed the committees
having charge of the arrangements for
the two entertainments at Turn Verein
Hall were: Miss Tillie Bahaska. Miss Nora
Maburg. Miss Eva Prindle, Miss Virginia
Gruell, Miss Annie McLean, Miss Ethel
Pyte, Mrs. Anderson, Mrs. L. Lawrence,
Mrs. May King, Edward Haley, Charles
Navlet, W. E. Geach, W. Birbarch, L. H.
Kent and F. Pearse from San Jose Parlor
No. 22. From Observatory Parlor No. 77
R. II. Lenahan. W. "Waterman, and ¦ M,
Murphy were sent to help make the. two
affairs successful and Palo Alto Parlor
No. S2 sent H. Maburg. T. B. Reardon and
W. E. Allyn. Besides these ladies and gen
tlemen there were special committees
from Palo Alto Parlor No. 81, San Jose
Parlor No. 22, Observatory Parlor No.' 77,
San Jose Parlor No. SO and Vendome Par
lor No. 100. - . t ¦ -
McLaughlin and Coombs Talk;
Another star feature of .the afternoon
was the literary exercises at St. James
Park. A number of excellent numbers
were rendered 'and .eloquent addresses
delivered by Grand Orator Charles E. Mc-
Laughlin and Hon. Prank L. Coombs.
In his address Mr. McLaughlin said:
As God crowned his work' with his" grandest
creation.-, man, so should we crown our labors
for the advancement of humankind, with a per
fect, sturdy, independent manhood; ,« a .man
hood proudly conscious of its strength and pow
er, a manhood knowing higher pleasures than
the gratification of individual passions and de
sires; a manhood having no guide but truth,
no shield but right, and knowing no purpose
not. sanctioned by his self-respect; a manhood
which shall give this State a wealth of happy
homes, where men shall reign-as kings — men
high-minded and honorable, - brave .and:, true;
who prize the gift of reason from. their God,
and let that reason .teach .them self-control. ¦«,
Such is the manhood . which can ¦ make her
great — a manhood revering; Zlaw, order, -civil
government; loving those principles, of human
ity, high citizenship .and courageous decency;
recognizing that npon government, all rights
depend;: that scorns and hates -the vile . con
ceptions, the' execution of -which has- plunged
our nation Into the deepest grief..
' Do you not remember the visit of our Presi
dent'a few short. months ago? 'As that gray
haired man of ¦ modest,^ kindly mien ¦ rode
through : the - streets of ; our cities, amid the
plaudits of all his countrymen. .did you not re
member ; that' William' McKlnley was .born to
poverty. and obscurity.' and' that through the
proper use of those gifts with which his God
endowed him he rose like Lincoln and Garfleld
from his humble beginning to the proudest po
sition among men? Did not this teach you that
In his life he represented the genius of our in
stitutions which makes it possible for men of
integrity, < ability and T assiduity • to : ¦ climb
where'er., they will ? .- Aye! to the •": very, . l top
where, fame her choicest garlands' keeps.' ' "¦¦
.' Did you not see . him , turn • from the plaudits
and acclaim of men to ; watch • in - lovlnjr • solici
tude beside the bedside of a stricken wife, and
b^ndlnp In rentleness-to plant a kiss upon the
check of childhood.' .And when you heard -thl3
Admission Day Pageant in
Mining Town One to
Please Eye of Beholder
In Hotel Vendome and Turn Verein Hall Pioneers
Gather With Native Sons and Daughters to
While Away the Hours With Music and Dancing
NIGHT OF GAY REVEL FOLLOWS
A DAY OF VARIED PLEASURES
GRASS VALLEY
ENTERTAINING
VAST CROWDS
NATIVES IN BRILLIANT ARRAY PARADE THE GARDEN CITY'S THOROUGHFARES
FEAST THE EAR MELODY AND ELOQUENCE AND MINGLE IN THE DANCE
THE 5AJN IfKA^V lscu CALL, TUESDAY;, SJSt'TEMJKEK 10, lyoi.
4
- ' '
soap is not only the best,
in , all the world; for toilet
; ; and bath but also for shavr .„
? ing.' Pears was the ih-
ventor of shaving stick
soap.
All sorts of people use Pears' eoap. all sorts
- of ctore* sell it, especially drujgists.
WHAT CAUSES DANDRUFF.
Greatest European Authority on Skin
Diseases Says It's a Germ.
The old idea was that dandruff is scales
of skin thrown oft through a, feverish con-
dition pi the scalp. Professor Unna, Hain-
burg, Germany, European authority on
skin diseases, says dandruff is a germ
disease. The germ burrows under the
' scalp, throwing up little scales of cuticle
and sapping the vitality of the hair at the
root. The only, hair preparation that kill3
dandruff germs Is Newbro's Herpicide.
"Destroy the cause. , you remove the ef-
fect." Not only cures dandruff, but stops
falling hair and causes a luxuriant
growth. • Delightful hair dressing. . s
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
DIt.METERS& CO. <g§il§%.
Specialist. Diseas? Jk2K{^ $?
and- weakness ot gg§£f 3
men. Established S^i§£^ •^iBa.'j'f^
1SS1. Consultation * JV?
and private book vAji *^ I I
free, at office or by *Wtfc ' *
mail. Cures guar- V*'^X*-\*5*3s«B^
anteed. TJU'Mar- (v^S^^^Hr
ket street (eleva- J^'vtfaffi'YP
tor entrance). Saa >S>J
Francisco. •^t s --ia-^ *" T'S^VAn Appeal to Gage.
i MILBURN HOUSE, BUFFALO, Sept.
9. — Secretary Gage has been appealed to
by aomeof the New York financial Inter
ests to relieve the money market by In
creasing the deposits In national .banks.
Representations are being made that,
while the interior Is demanding- money to
i riove the crops, public funds are piling
up in the Treasury to the detriment of
the commercial Interests of the country.
Secretary Gage declined to state what,
1 ' anything, would be done to relieve the
slltuatipn. He will be in "Washington In
the rooming and can there consider the
rhatter. at close range. He will not an
nounce his decision until he is on 'the
ground. •,
• CHICAGO, Sept. 9.— United States se
cret service officers in Chicago, having
come to the conclusion that the attempt
ed assassination of President McKinley
was the result of a plot arranged in this
city, have telegraphed to Chief Wilkle of
the secret service, who is now in Buffalo,
asking him to send Czolgosz's coat to Chi
cago immediately. The officers believe the
mark on the assassin's coat will prove
that it was made by a tailor who lived
very «near the .house of Abraham Isaak,
one of the anarchists now being held on
a charge of conspiracy. This fact once
determined, the officers say,. it will be a
matter of only a few hours to ascertain
exactly where Czolgosz lived in Chicago,
the names of those with whom he asso
ciated while here and the length of time
he remained in the city. , '
Result of a Plot.
The entertainment that evening was
abandoned, and instead the passengers
held religious services, offering prayers
for the recovery of the President and the
'welfare of the country. The prayers were
Interspersed with singing of . patriotic
hymns.
When the passengers received the start
ling intelligence thero was the utmost
consternation on board, and a great many
were incredulous, believing that they had
not heard the message correctly, and it
had to be repeated. Nothing was talked
of but the awful crime.
"President McKinley was shot at Buf
falo yesterday afternoon; is still living."
The passengers, of whom there were 128
in "the first cabin,- learned of the attempt
to take the President's life when the ves
sel was about forty miles off Nantucket.
As the Belgenland was passing the Nan
tucket lightship, about 4 o'clock, two
short flaps were seen on the vessel dis
playing the letters "B. J.," which means
•come nearer; have important informa
tion."
Captain Hill brought his vessel in, -and
through the megaphone came the words:
PHILADELPHIA, Sept. 9.— Passengers
and officers of the American line steam
ship Belgenland, which arrived early this
morning from Liverpool and Queenstown,
speak in terms of the highest praise of
the enterprise of the New York Herald,
which enabled those aboard the vessel to
learn of Colzgosz's dastardly crime thirty
eight hours before reaching port. ¦
When the pilot went aboard the steam
ship at the Delaware Capes late yester
day afternoon with newspapers,- telling of
the attempted' assassination of. President
McKinley at" Buffalo he found that the
news had already b6en carried to the pas
sengers by wiraless telegraphy.
Before Reaching Port.
Assassination Thirty-Eight Hours
Passengers Learn* of the Attempted
WIRELESS TELEGRAPHY
TELLS THE SAD NEWS
LONDON, Sept. 10.— The Pope has been
so impressed by the attack upon Presi
dent McKinley, says the Rome corre
spondent of the Daily Mail, that he In
tends to take the Initiative In jDint action
by .the Christian powers against anarch
ists. He is writing an important en
cyclical on the subject, which will be pub
lished next month. . , . ;
The Pope and Anarchists.
SILVER CITY, N. M., Sept. 9.— Antonio
Maggio, the musician and alleged
anarchist, who is said to have predicted
the assassination of President McKinley
before October, 1901, was arrested at Santa
Rita, N. M., a mining camp, near Silver
City, at 5:39 this afternoon by United
States Marshal Foraker on Instructions
from Washington. Magglo has been play
ing a piano in a saloon at Santa Rita for
some time. He is said to have frequent
ly irade the prediction that the President
wculd be killed before October 1 since
coming to this section in February last.
He is quoted as saying that Emperor "Wll
liarr of Germany will be the next ruler
assassinated.
Predicter Maggio Jailed.
Danger Point Not Past.
MILBURN HOUSE. BUFFALO, Sept.
9.— Dr. M. B. Mann, who has Dr. McBur
ney as a guest, was seen after the last
consultation to-night. He said:
I am gratified at the excellent showing made
by the President and the remarkable manner
In which the case is progressing. I feel that,
although the danger point is by no means
passed yet, every day that goes by without
any unfavorable sign is a distinct and decided
grain toward recovery. I prefer to wait a time
before. rr.akiner any positive declarations on the
subject, although I expect the President will
get well unless unfavorable symptoms develop.
At this time there are no indications of such
symptoms, but on the contrary an entire ab
sence of them.
The President certainly has had a comfort
able day, and there has ben a steady improve
ment all alone: the iine. - There has not been
any unfavorable symptom. No, I cannot say
that all dancer hajs passed, but every hour
that passes diminishes the chances of trouble.
He is very cheerful In manner, a very good
patient and is easily managed. Everything is
going smoothly, favorably and nicely.
"While Dr. Mann was speaking l>r. Mc-
Burney pointed out that violent peritonitis
might have developed, but his opinion now
was that danger from that form of dis
ease had passed.
All Are McKinley Men.
LOUISVILLE, Ky., Sept. 9.— Speaking
to-night at a. mass-meeting called to de
mand vigorous laws against anarchism
and to- express sympathy with President
McKinley Henry Watterson said:
"We must meet the bloodstained hands of an
archism not lnerely with cleaner hands, but
with a purer public spirit, if not a deep
philosophy. We must disseminate the lesson
that government exists not for the private
gain of any, nor for the cure of any private
grief, but for Justice, the citadel and the bell
tower of the public peace and order.
AH of us this night are McKinley men.
We pray this night that God spare his life.
LEAVENAVORTH, Kans., Sept. 9.-
George Braunraider, a member of the
Soldiers' Home, was dishonorably dfs
charged to-night ajid drummed out of the
camp for expressing- satisfaction at the
shooting of President McKinley.
Veteran in Disgrace.
In the present campaign the Democratic party
of Ohio has brought iorward as Its most promi
nent Issue the great national question with
which President McKinley has been most con
spicuously identified and has demanded "the
abolition of the so-called protective system,"
of which he has been the most distinguished,
advocate, seeking to substitute for it as a na
tional policy "the traditional Democratic policy
ot" a tariff for revenue."
If it were not b'ecoming for fidelity to Gar
field and his principles to leave the fight for
a time because the leader was stricken down,
still less is it honorable for McKinley's friends
in his own State to abandon the contest at the
time when his most cherished principles are
brought Into question as the foremost is
sue of this and succeeding campaigns. It seems
to this committee, therefore, that we can best
attest our loyalty to our leader by continuing
our advocacy of the principles which he has
always supported.
If it seems best to your committee to with
draw from antagonizing those principles and to
cease from further advocacy of politval doc
trines which the President has always believed
to be perilous to the prosperity of the entire
country we shall be very glad indeed to be ad
vised to that effect and to have your hearty
co-operation hereafter in the maintenance of
more wholesome public policies. •
In any event, and in accordance with the life
long conduct of President McKinley of courtesy
in all political campaigns, our committee and
the entire Republican party will be especially
glad to unite with you in whatever will soften
the asperities of the controversies, eliminate
unwarranted personalities and make the con
test one devoted exclusively to the consideration
of the great principles that separate the two
opposing schools of political opinion. Presi
dent McKinley may not survive, but the prin
ciples for which he stood will live and triumph
if we In the discharge of our duty as citizens
meet every requirement with the same pa
triotism and devotion to principles that have
characterized the life of "William McKinley.
It does • not seem to us appropriate to ac
quiesce In your suggestion that we abandon our
public maintenance of the principles that Pres
ident McKinley represents and which he has
sq often and so ably presented to the people.
COLUMBUS, Ohio, Sept. S.— Chairman
M. A. Daugherty of the Democratic State
Executive Committee to-day addressed a
letter to Chairman Charles Dick of. the
Republican State Committee, suggesting
that as an evidence of respect to the Presi
dent all political speeches for the cam
paign In Ohio be canceled, adding that
a similar arrangement had been made at
the time Garfield was assassinated.
To-night Chairman Dick replied to Chair
man Daugherty, refusing to acquiesce in
his suggestion and calling attention to the
fact that, ' while a similar arrangement
had been proposed at the time- of Gar
fleld's assassination, it had' not been ac
cepted by the Democratic State Commit
tee. Chairman Dick says:
can Committee Will Not Grant
Democratic Request.
Chairman Dick of the Ohio Republi-
REFUSES TO ABANDON
SPEECHES IN CAMPAIGN
"There remains to be trampled under
foot an element cf our population coun
tenanced and sustained by an unbridle-.i
press, an unprincipled rostrum, preach
ing the gospel of discontent. I do not say
too much when I assert that this element
delights in condemnation— aye, con
tempt, for the powers that be."
"Tempering every breath of happiness
at this reunion is the fearful tragedy, of
last Friday," said General Manderson. "I
do not exaggerate when I say that the
example set by you for forty years luis
been one of patriotism. You have
trained your sons to be sons of America,
to know what It is to uphold the flag of
our free institutions.
Ex-Senator Manderson of Nebraska
also sounded the keynote of the encamp
ment at the reunipn to-day of the First
Ohio Volunteer Light Artillery.
"I'll back McKinley's luck every time.
The god of'battles stood by him during
the war. The god of good fortune has
remained with him ever since. He can
not die at this time and under such cir
cumstances."
"Comrades, let us thank God for the
news from Buffalo. The Lord has heard
the uplifted prayers of the civilized and
uncivilized world. Christian, Mohamme
dan, Chinese and all people have unitfd
with us In prayer that McKinley misrtil
be spared to us. That prayer Is an
swered. Blessed be the name of the Lord,
who preserved that great personality
to us." \*
Then, dropping his impressive man
ner, the general said:
General Daniel E. Sickles to-night gave
an expression to a sentiment which is re
flected in the hearts of every patriot
present. Tall and sturdy, as if the
snows of over seventy winters had noc
sifted their powder into his scanty locks,
standing erect on his crutches, he strode
into National G. A. R. headquarters and,
lifting his cap to Commander in Chief
Lee Rassieur and the other dignitar'es,
bowed and exclaimed: . . .
to participate in the annual
exercises of the G. A. R. The
center of the scene to-night was the
Soldiers' and Sailors' monument,,' which
stands in the middle of the public square
in the heart of the city.
* r^ - • ' •
CLEVELAND, Ohio, Sept. 9.—
The city to-night was ¦ bril
liantly illuminated in honor of
the visiting veterans of the
Civil War, who have been
pouring- Into Cleveland all day
General Sickles Declares me Will Back McKinley's Luck Every
Time, and That the God pf Battle and Good Fortune Mill ; Not
Desert Him— General Manderson Scores the Yellow Journals
RAND ARMY VETERANS SAY THE LORD
HAS HEARD UPLIFTED PRAYER OF WORLD
Proprietor Call— Dear Sir: The atten
tion of the 'Board of Directors of this
association has been called to the arti
cle in. your, paper of to-day's Issue in
| reference ' to the San Francisco Inde
| pendent g Debating ] Society, at present
tenants i in our ¦ halls. This association
I i has ; by.'- unanimous ' vote ordered their
| ' secretary >to "notify them' that: their
| tenancy must immediately' cease. Re
'; spectfully. I. M r . BEATTIE, Sec.
When the directors of the Pyth
ian Hall Association read In yes
terday's issue of The Call an ac
count of a meeting of the San
Francisco Independent Debating
Society, an . organization ; that
gloried in the attempted klliing'of
the President, they promptly de
cided not' to permit further '"ses
sions of this kind. , With this end
In view the secretary was Instruct
ed'to send the following letter to
The Call:
PYTHIAN HALL ASSOCIATION SAN
- FRANCISCO.. Sept. 9. 1S01.
ANARCHISTS ARE
ASKED TO VACATE
SACRAMENTO, 'Sept. 9.— John Peter
son of car" shop No. 5 of the Southern
Pacific plant in. this city is looking, for a.
job. ' On Friday afternoon, aftentho news
of the attempt I. to ; assassinate ' .President
McKinley had. reached the ¦¦ : shops, Peter
son remarked, in the. presence 1 * of several
fallow wt'kjnen; that it served -th<» Proat.
Lack , of Patriotism . Punisaed.
Resolved. That in our prayers we supplicato
the great fountain head of all beneficence- and
goodness for the speedy and ultimate recovery
of our sincerely loved and noble President of
these United "States. > r ¦ . "... .. ¦.
.WILLIAM MAYS.. Secretary.
Resolved. That in this hour of national sor
row we renew our pledge of loyalty and dutiful
attachment to our grand Institutions, and while
In this connection we would say that Mr. P. H.
McCarthy, the worthy president of the Build
ing Trades Council of San Francisco, to which
body we are- affectionately affiliated, has al
ways-tried: by example and precept to exclude
from the ranks of thesj in our vast brother
hood everything that is oposed to our cherished
laws and the moral' uplifting of man on this
North American continent; and be it further
Whereas, -We, the 'members of the Marble
Cutters' and Finishers' Union. • In regular meet
ing assembled, having? heard with sincere regret
of the attempted assassination of our beloved
President. -^VlUiam McKinley, would at this
instant place on -record our abhorrence of such
a dastardly and diabolical act, which, by its
inception and by the heinous nature of its of
fense, is a blow to our civic institutions and
our world-wide reputation of freedom. If It
Is possible that a jealous regard for human lib
erty has let unbridled the vaporings of foreign
fiends.' who have come here to Incite hatred
against our laws and against our constitution,
the principles of which are - the wisest, the
purest and- the grandest ever. struck off at a
given time by the brain and purpose of man
In any age; be it
Resolved, That this association of Americans
belonging' respectively, to the two great politi
cal-parties, would Insist In the Interests of hu
manity and all that ls»dear to individual hu
man effort,* that such persons be excluded from
our shores and such' literature be suppressed;
and be it further
; At a meeting of the Marble Cutters' and
Finishers' Union last niglit resolutions
were passed'"" condemning the act of the
assassin and praying for the speedy and
ultimate recovery of the President. The
resolutions are as follows:
of the j Assassin and Praying
¦ ¦ for President's Recovery.
Adopt Resolutions Condemning Act
MARBLE CUTTERS :
SHOW THEIR LOYALTY
ments Cannot Be Reformed by
Cowardly Assassins.
William J. Bryan Declares Govern-
BUFFALO, Sept. 9.— William J. Bryan,
to-day, telegraphed 'the Times as follows:
"Free governments may be overthrown,
but they cannot be reformed by those
who violate the -commandment 'Thou
Shalt Not Kill.' Under a Government
like ours, every wrong can be remedied
by laws, and the laws are in the hands
of the people themselves. Anarchy can be
neither excused nor tolerated here. The
man who proposes to . right a public
wrong by taking the life of a human
being makes himself an outlaw and can
not consistently appeal to the protection
SAYS ANARCHISTS
ARE PUBLIC- OUTLAWS
dent right. This morning Assistant
Superintendent W. E. Gilbert; who had
learned of the circumstance, ordered the
acting foreman to discharge Peterson,
and this was done forthwith.
A thorough search of the lodgings of
Gordon and Nold failed to reveal anything
criminating further than a lot of anarch
istic literature. A number of letters were
seized, none having any bearing on the
crime of Czolgosz. No further arrests
were made. It is learned on what is con
sidered, good, authority that the arrest of
the two men •was made upon a telegraphic
request from the Police Department of
Buffalo, and that the Buffalo offlciais
have ordered them held pending further
instructions. It is^ also, said that Emma
Goldman has been located at some point
in Ontario, which gives rise to the suspi
cion that she may have been directly con
nected' with the attempted assassination
of the President.. Emma Goldman was in
this city ' Sunday. September 1, and par
ticipated in a meeting of several, anarch
ists at the house of Gordon, on Wylie
avenue. She has visited here frequently
and nothing of unusual interest attached
to her last appearance. At the time she
¦was supposed to be here in connection
with the steel strike, but she said she
was only on a short vacation and was go
ing to Cleveland-the next day.
There is a strong suspicion that the as
sailant of the President came to Pitts
burg with Miss Goldman on her last visit.
She came here from Rochester and on
her way stopped at Buffalo, the detectives
who have been tracing her movements
say. There. was in her company a young
man who answered in every. ¦way the gen
eral description of Czolgosz, except that
the suspect wore a very slight brownish
moustache. This mysterious young man
accompanied the woman from the station
to the house of Gordon..
PITTSBURG, Sept. 9.— Carl Nold and
Harry Gordon, well-known Pittsburg an
archists and intimate friends of- Emma
Goldman, were arrested here this after
noon. Nold 'was a friend of Berkman, who
shot H. C. Frick.
"Was "With, the Assassin.
Not once, since his confinement, either
in talking -with • his guards or* when up
for examination, has he.. asked as to the
fate of his victim. No plan for the ar
raignment of the prisoner has been con
sidered by District Attorney Penney.
It is believed that both Emma Goldman
and Julius Schwab will be detained by the
police whenever they are found. Superin
tendent Bull has made a general request
to the police of the country that any one
suspected of complicity be detained and
examined. The police of Chicago, Cleve
land, Detroit and other Midde States cities
are co-operating with the local officers in
tracing out the movements of the prisoner
before the crime, and Superintendent Bull
said to-day that he had practically ac
counted for. him for the six weeks that
preceded his arrival here. Czolgosz is still
kept secluded and the detectives are the
only ones who have access to him. He is
still strong and healthy and eats with a
will. Knowledge of the condition of the
President is kept from him. He knew on
Friday night that the President was still
alive, but has been given no information
since then. . .
After Goldman and Schwab.
The police have about concluded that
more effective work on the plot theory can
be done on the outside, although Czoigosz
probaoiy will have another experience at
the third degree of police craft to-mor
row. The general investigation of the
case progresses slowly, because the men
on it must cover a large amount of pre
liminary ground before they can do eftect
ive work. According to the local authori
ties the police of the country know very
little about the anarchists. They say that
the secret service men do not show any
special familiarity with them, and that
tnere does not seem to be a single city
Police Department in the country that has
more than a general knowledge of them.
Members of the Buffalo force admit that
they have never given American anar
chists serious consideration and that they
did not know there were any here. Since
the President was shot they have found
that there are fat least twenty avowed
anarchists in the city. Here, as elsewhere,
it has been necessary for the detectives to
first satisfy themselves as to the identity
of a lot of men whom they never had oc
casion to watph before. No other arrests
have been made in connection with the
case, and the local police say that they do
not anticipate any at present.
TMrd Degree in. Store.
. "added anything : material . . to
their 'knowledge of the case. The -chief
effort of the detectives was to draw from
the prisoner some admission as to ., his
accomplices, but he persistently stuck to
his denial that he was assisted in any
way in the -commission of the crime.
Every possible device was resorted to in
the effort to obtain the information, but
the prisoner, maintained 'his position and
could not be shaken: In answer to ques
tions he again wenb-over the events of
Friday, and »told substantially the same
story as in the original euiiiession mauc to
Superintendent iiuil and District Attorney
Penny.
Czoigosz carefully weighed his answers,
and wnen conclusions that he did not ap
prove were taken from his statements In
sisted upon making explanations of his
exact meaning.
BUFFALO, : Sept. . 9.— Czolgosz,
the assailant of President Mc-
Kinley, went through another
long examination' to-day: at the
hands of the police officials, but
• emerged from it without having
of the Government which he repudiates.
He invites a return to a state of bar
barism. In which one must at his own
risk defend his own rights and avenge his
own wrongs. The punishment admin
istered to the would-be assassin and to
his co-conspirators, if he have them,
should be such as to warn all inclined to
anarchy that while this is an asylum for
those who love liberty, it ' is an inhos
pitable place for ! those who raise, their
hands against all forms of government.
""W. J. BRYAN."
Long Is Confident.
BOSTON, Sept. 9.— On his arrival hera
to-night from Buckfield Secretary Long
said that he had not decided when he
would go to Buffalo. He went to his
home in Hlngham to-night. Secretary
Long in an interview said:
From the first advices I have felt confident
that the President would recover. There seems
to be no occasion for considering the question
cf who will act In caas of disability; there
evidently is to be no disability.
I am not prepared to say what kind of legis
lation should be had In dealing with . this
class of crime. That whole question is moat
intricate. In each individual case the course
of the law is plain.
THE SATST FRANCISCO CAI/L,: TUEfSDAY, SEPTEMBER^ 1O,- %P9*k
Dr. Eugene Wasdin, who was with Dt. Mynter, said:
"I, too, am averse to making predictions, but X agree that
the President's condition is one that strongly favors complete and
rapid recovery.' 1
' "I have always made it a point not to prognosticate in serious
cases, for you know man proposes and God disposes. I consider the
President's case a serious one, and so I do not predict, but I may
say that at this stage the condition of the patient is remarkably
favorable, and personally I cannot expect anything except re
covery." Tv"**v- ¦
"I am not a specialist in abdominal surgery, but from a gen
eral knowledge of gunshot wounds, I can say that the only possi
bility of complications would be by. blood-poisoning or peritonitis,
and that I consider both now a very remote probability. Peritonitis
might set in as a result of the two apertures in the stomach, but
up to tlils time, a time beyond the usual standard record, not the
slightest symptom is manifested. There is not the slightest evi
dence of blood-poisoning. As the bullet is not yet extracted, I do
not think wo need worry about thatl The presumption is. that it is
lodged somewhere in the muscles of the back. Pursuing natural
courses, it would now be cut off.fiom possible harm. There should
be no attempt to extract the bullet at present. Neither will there
be any operation for its removal at this time. I see no reason why
the President will not recover rapidly."
Dr. Hermann Mynter, -one" of the consulting physicians of
President McKinley, said to-night: -
MILBTJBN HOUSE, BUFF A±O, N. Y., Sept. 9.— Dr. P. M.
Rixey, one of tfie President's attending physicians, and
also the private physician of President and Mrs. McKin
ley, said to-night regarding the patient:
PRESIDENT'S CONDITION
FAVORS RAPID RECOVERY
5
ADVERTISEMENTS.
t i . joe Jr 0**~*"~~' '"* ( €? y^»**^
niPr nnif II Corner Fourth and
PA If RflYA
Uiil L liU inL Steam and L aeer,«
wtti m •«wiiit«j c Overcoats and
valises checked free.
f El 9» 1 ¦¦ I &l tm
6AN FRAMTIRCO BUSINESS COLLEGE,
.1236 Market Street.
Actual business bookkeeping: only expert ac-
countants and reporter* as teachers; Gregg
thorthand, the easiest, fastest and most read-
able. Day and evening. FULL COURSE, $60.
LEAOISG BUSINESS COLLEGE OF THE WEST
. ¦ Post st., San. Francisco. Cal.,r
Established ICearly <0 years. Open Entire Tear.
Write for 80-page catalogue <free>.
BEHEBBBSSBHHBHHBBHBBBB
8 • m
H Special Sale of Fine £j
B ¦ ¦¦¦¦ - - U |
g SB
g Fop Five Days Only, q
B . ¦ ~~ ¦ '. ' ¦' "S
a Genuine Mink Capes. SplO and.up §
m Genuine Fitch Capes... $19 and up ¦
2j Genuine Sealskin Jackets.. .$1OO and up 9
¦ Genuine Persian- Lamb v ' H
B Jackets ." 975 and up. «
[g Genuine Krimmcr Jackets.. £-10 and up I 55
ra Genuine Astrachan Jackets.' M2S and un M
S Electric Seal Jackets \ SIS and up H
¦ Extra line near Seal Jackets !?."iS |g
1 AD. KOGOUR,]
g 121 Post St. g
ffl BOOMS T TO 11. "^ 1^
B (Don't mistake the number). . EB
B ••.¦"-•... B
EE0aSQElBSEE!EIiS^!51iZnSHSSa
ADVEBTISEiiENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
PE-Rll-NA INVrGORATES;
PE-Rl-NA REFRESHES.
1 Miss Maggie Becker, 653 Lake street, x^L
Appleton, Wis., writes: t :^^>
"It is with pleasure I recommend -«t>^ "'V
Peruna as a splendid tonic to any over- : \lftfu\\\\\mMbs. \
taxed persons. When the mind is S 'C^&wm \\ J)#»fii JJ w\.\
wearied the body will, soon ba worn 1^^^-^/f | %&(*&£$* 1 \\
out also, but Poruna invigorates the y$£JjL[ ®k ]\ \
body and refreshes the mind. I have ¦^ffafl W~* -^^^^m \\
also found it a relief in cases of sever3 (/// H <L • U
backache. We are never without it at j|o // l*^ 4 te H
home, and consider it a household ra£^ I [V , 1
blessing.''— MISS MAGGIE BECKER. ! \\ Jolll 1)JK^# !|
Has Better Health Than for Six Years j j§f§5n!jg l \ l II
Mrs. . W. E. Llewellyn, Florence, Ala., RnIS^V^^
"After using; six bottles of Peruna my f \}< y&M&b^^&A rlJf^dSKHlf/
health is better than it has been for six it? W?-^S%-^V fM0M/
years. I always recommend your medi- \AK. x&jSp'izSt u'S Gn&Sxsr/ y*"~^'
cines to my friends and will do all I can / V\ \?£^f"- M ttttPs I
for you. I had been in bad health for / I ft.\ >Ss^ SS^YJ /F £g^ I
two- years before I took Peruna."— Mrs. / 1 U \ Q
Suffered Five Years. ./f . • -^J* 0^
Mrs. Christopher Fliehmarin, Amster- Q^ "' — . ' _^-*v -'
speaking" oY'your remedy, I have was trovbled with hot flashes: It seemed
hppn <*irk -with catarrh of the stomach as " there was heat all around me. I
and" p^c^rgar:!^ 11 about five Tears think Peruna isthe best medicine in the
and had many a doctor, but none could world. —Mrs. Fredericka Hoepflnger.
help me. ' Some said I would never get Free Home Advice.
™ V «n«.!S ?aw fhoVwIio haTbeen^cu/ed In vIew of the ?at multitude of women
I rp.J B »V<!? t^nn-hr T IrmiiS trv suffering from some form of femaJe dla-
by Peruna, then I thoughr I would try _„__ _Jj .._ t * n «„,» anv our<»
it. I did, and found relief with the first ease ana >et unaDie to nna any cure.
bottle i took, and after two more bottles Dr. Hartman, the renowned specialist
I was as well and strong as I was before. , , , , , ,. ,
Now i . can eat most anything, and- it on female catarrnal diseases, Has
j Fh n ehmanf er "£???££ chrlstopher announced his willingness to direct
i Fe-ru-na The Best Medicine in the the treatment of as many cases as
or^* make application to him during the
Tme% F l!iiison^ulT s^T^e tT tof. summer months without charge.
lowing: \ Those wishing to become patients should
"I was in the Change of Life, and was address The Peruna Medicine Co.. Co-
despairing; did not know what to do. I lumbus, Ohio. '
SIGOEABAGHE
Positively cured by these
Little Pills.
They also relieve distress from Dys-
pepsia, Indigestion and Too Heartr
Eating. A perfect remedy for Dizzi-
ness, Nausea, Drowsiness, Bad Taste
in the Mouth, Coated Tongue. Pain in
the Side, TORPID LIVER. They
Regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
Small Pill. Small Dose.
Small Price.
AUCTION!
Referee's Auction Sale
BT ORDER OF COURT.
FINAL OFFERING OF
Crooks' Estate Properties,
Monday, September 23, ISOI,
\2 O'CLOCK NOOK.
At Salesrooms of
G. H. UMBSEN & GO,,
Nc. 14 Montgomery Strset.
Prominent Third-Street Corner,
200 feet of Market Street. Larga
frontiges on Th?rd, Stevenson
and Jessie Streets. The largest
available corner left in this sec-
tion of the c ty. Offered in three
subdivisions—
1. North corner Third and Jessie sts.. 69 ft.
on Third St.. S3 ft. on Jessie 6t. Stores and
of flees; rents 55220 per annum.
2. Three-stcry and basement brick building
and lot fronting 60 ft. on Stevenson st.. 37:6
ft. east of Third St., and fronting 27:6 ft. on
Jessie.
3. Three-stcry and basement brick building
and lot fronting 60 ft. on Stevenson st.. 117:6
ft. east on Third st. and fronting 47 ft. on
Jessie st. Annual income from these last two
pieces $4000; can be separated and increased
wlii: small outlay.
Cfcolce Piece of Business Property.
Nos. 910. 912 and 914 Kearny street, between
Jackson and Pacific, extending through to
Montgomery avenue; two frontages, 43:6 feet
on Kearny and 60 feet on Montgomery avenue;
¦will pay well when properly Improved.
Brick Building, Nos. 915-917-919
Dupont Street.
Between 'Washington and Jackson: lot 47:8
feet by 137:6 feet: best location In Chinatown;
present rental $355 per month.
ft
Nos. 832-834 Washington Street.
I^&rge, centrally located corner brick build-
Ing in Chinatown, northwest corner of Wash-
ington street and Stouts alley, between Dupoct
and Stockton irtreets; C4:6 by 137:6 feet; rents
$350 per month. .
Three Large Pieces of Property In
Potrero District.
Coming manufacturing center of the city;
described as follows:
Almost entire block bounded by 18th and
19th. Wisconsin and Arkansas streets.
Arkansas street frontage of 200 feet, from
Arkansas to Wisconsin streets.
Nineteenth street. S. W. corner of ¦Wisconsin,
f«:10 feet on !Sth by 85-*eet on Wisconsin st.
See diagrams for further particulars, or the
Referees.
J. T. HARMES, 626 Market St.
G. H. tMBSEN, 14 Montgomery St.
P. J. SULLIVAN', Parrott Building.
j/i^^g^k CANDY CATHARTIC **
Genuine stamped C.CC. Never sold In bulft
Beware of the dealer who tries to sell"
something "iust as good.
A WelHLaundered Shirt
Is one of the signs of a well-dressed man—
without it all other signs fall. You can
always carry this sign If you patronize
the United States Laundry. We launder
shirts perfectly, and all other linen as
well. You will find that your linen will
•wear lonsrer. also. If you send It to us.
Just try it.
Ko saw edges.
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
Office 1OO4 Market Stress
Telephone— South 42O,
Oakland Offlce-54- San Pablo Ave.
Cobbler • & ©
Seat Rocker ]M^^
finish on elm — well made 'wl _ u n I ¦ ... /
Richmond _ < Ji \i \ifJS
' * ¦ . - ¦ I
Goden Oak Hall Rack
F-. Quarter t^^^r-f ijxjl— u. m . t ,j^
fir saw L e 4 a " d fc^^fffe^T^ ?
j. polished, six / \ . -- t
W feet five in- y I ~ x ' *
%'i ches high q / \__J^~^\' I
Gostumer $1. j /i ' j
"Made of polished golden oak. ' >£'/ i
Handy for bed rooms— sometimes . '/ ' ¦ , ;
used in halls. >, * ; .
' Globes $1. v<^ i;
Have 'you an old style lamp? jr*~*±S* >^"^^ J "' s
It's an easy matter to make it a new a " •*¦ ; ' ;<
' Nine inch, either Ruby or Green, \ K^ >V fiC^V
Decorated. flT' t - ff¥
Carlsbad China \ hkB* 1
Dinner Sets $20. v - ] j
Three patterns at this excep- '&¦ **VW i I
tionaliv low price.-, / . / ." a
Count ng up Davenports this >• * " >*/
..week. We show seventeen pat- • ,/ V - -••
terns. Beauties for $36.00 and good _^?
Sterling upholstery at that price. -••m X •"C s5 ZF-^^ *-^
You know you can't get trash fur- . Bawsafe^lffi^ffBgg^ V *
niture here at any price— Sterling t^^f^^^^^^py^)
furniture, Sterling prices. K ' : S^ ' "*'¦ . '¦' a^l.-' : j~?~~Zii
(^Nilp^ ¦ 1039 fflarket sir. g
opposite McAllister. - .'- w ••¦-». ¦
no difference a/
__ C0MPANTS EXTRACT __
OF BEEF. {
. IT KEEPJ ITS JTRENGTH J
\^ and FLAVOR inGREENLAKD /
X A/ UNDER THE EQUATOR "}£
TMrELBRS DO YOVj^C
\S[jrEE THE POINT? f— v
Pleasant J
llvfUI O B
Swiftly Flying— 1
Those spent on the |
California Limited I
as it rushes and races B
across the country from 1
San Francisco to Chicago |
in 75 hours. |
Leaves San Francisco, at
9 a. m. every Monday
and Thursday on the
Wnfif n HA .
T m\ III Mm 1 I
kl II III fl B I
_____It is said the Colombian currency is worth only
four cents on the dollar, so it' is a sure thing they are
not fighting: for money down there.
'Prince; Chun apologized to Kaiser, William in such
a "way as to show, a good deal | more contempt than
respect, and' when he 'returns home the Prince will
probably be _ permitted to sport a peacock feather for
-Native— I'm" sorry I accommodate
you, '¦ stranger. I'm the jailkeeper 'all
right. But I took the contract for board-
In' the prls 1 ners"so dern. low that there
ain't nothinV In it.— Plain Dealer.
StrangerHn Kansas— If I could get it
I'd itakeia.-drink, this very minute, even
if I had'to%o to* jail for it. - f " '.-
Lipton is having so much good luck in the trial of
Shamrock II that he will probably exhaust it before
the big race. He cannot expect favorable wind and
weather all the time. ' = -V
Dowie, the Chicago "Zion" manipulator, has been
forced to pay taxes on $500,000 in personal property.
This is, however, no indication that his dupes would
have 'made, better use of ; the money, or : that' the gentle
art 'of faking is reprehensible in Chicago.^ '' " : '¦ .
It is anticipated that William Jennings Bryan will
speak shortly in Ohio. It might have been expected
that recent events in that State would have made
him speechless for life.
On the coast of Africa, opposite: the
mouth of the River Congo and. continuous
with the course of that river, lies a sub-,
merged valley, the: existence and shape of
which have' been ascertained by means of
soundings made by the British Admiralty.
This valley, through- which ,the Congo
probably flowed at a time when the west
ern I coast of Africa was \ more elevated
than it i"s at present, Is 122 miles In length,
extending to the edge of the platform 'of
submerged land which borders the conti
nent.* Its sides 1 are steep, precipitous and
weir defined,- indicating -, that .they are
formed of ; solid rocks. 'Other submerged
river valleys ; are; found on the western
coast of Europe, and similar phenomena
exist in, various. parts of the world. where
the edges ;'of* continents have sunk. t -
CONGO UNDER OCEAN.
LANGUAGES— Subscriber, City. His
tory fails to tell us of the origin of lan
guage. Horace, Lucretius, Cicero and
most of the Greek and Roman writers
were of the opinion that languages were
the fruit of human invention, j while the
Jews and | Christians and many modern
philosophers incline to" the belief that
languages must have been originally re
vealed from heaven. Some suppose He
brew to have been the language spoken
by Adam: while others say that Hebrew.
Chaldee and Arabic are only dialects of
the, original tongue, .for according to
Genesis xii:i "And the whole earth was of
one „ language and of one speech." The
original , European languages were thir
teen: Greek, Latin, German. Sclavonian
(spoken In the East), Welsh, Blscayan
(spoken in Spain). Irish. Albanian (in the
mountains of Epirus), Tartarian, the old
Illyrian, the Jazygian, remaining yet In
Liburnia, the Cahucin, in the north of
Hungary, and the Finnuc In East Fries
land. From the Latin sprang the Ital
ian, French. Spanish and Portuguese The
Turkish is a mixed dialect of the Tarta
rian. From the .Teutonic sprang the pres
ent German, Danish, Swedish, Norwei
gan and English. There are 3664 languages
in the world, distributed as follows- Eu
rope,- 687; Asia. 937; Africa, 276; America
1624, and Oceanica,'240. ~^, » e ™ca,
A DEED— Subscriber, City. This corre
spondent-asks: "After a wife's death!
has the surviving husband the right to
destroy a recorded deed of gift of a piece
of homestead property signed by himself
and wife before a notary?" If there was
a delivery of the deed he would not have
the right to destroy it, but If there had
never been a delivery, the- deed would be
of no m<jre value than so much blank
paper and he could do what he pleased
with it
POULTRY — Subscriber, Lotus, Cal.
There is no law in California that classes
chickens as game and permits any one to
shoot the same if found outside the own
er's premises. The law gives the right to
any one who may find stray domesticated
animals,", and . poultry conies under that
head, on his land or on the highway, to
Imppund such 1 : animals and to have a lien
on the .'same for the care thereof until
claimed by 'the owner. "
As is^well known, the purchase of these islands has'
been under consideration , ever since the Presidency
of Lincoln. At that time Mr. Seward, Secretary of
The argument for the purchase, of the islands is
directed mainly to the advantage they would give us
in case of war with any first-rate naval power. They
have little or no value commercially, industrially '¦' or
financially. There are only three of them, and in the
aggregate they contain \ but 223 square miles. The
population of St. Croix, the largest of the group, is
about 20,000; St. Thomas has about 15,000 and St.
John barely 1000. '
There is of course a good deal of diplomacy yet to
be carried on in connection with the affair. Govern
ments cannot buy islands as easily as, private citizens
can buy railroads, and before the sum of $3,500,000
is turned over to Denmark and we take formal pos
session of the group. there will have to.be expended
much more time and energy than was required to
organize the famous billion dollar steel trust. When
the diplomatists have arranged everything the Sec
retary of State will inform the President and he will
inform Congress and. ask an appropriation to carry
out the bargain. It is probable there will be some
opposition to the purchase when it comes before Con
gress, but it is not believed the treaty will be de
feated. A report from Washington says the State
Department has been guided in the conduct of the
affair by the advice of the Senate Committee on For
eign Relations, and consequently it is expected the
Senate will sustain the treaty. , •
WHILE there has been no official announce
ment of an agreement on the part' of our
Government for the purchase of the Danish
West Indian islands, it appears fairly certain that such
an agreement has been reached. The dispatches of a few
days ago from Copenhagen announcing that the new
Danish Ministry had decided to accept the offer of
the United States to pay $3,500,000 for the islands
have not been denied, and Washington correspond
ents have obtained from the State Department no
expression on the subject further than the announce
ment that the report of the action of the Danish
Government will have to be verified through diplo
matic channels before our Government can take note
Of it.
DANISH WEST INDIES.
CASINO— A. S., City. Unless there Is
an understanding at the commencement
of a game of casino that the points shall
be counted as made, the count on the
last deal is cards, spades, big casino, little
casino, aces and sweeps', if the latter are
agreed upon. If the cards are even then
the one who has spades . counts first.
Dr. Osborne 'was called to the superin
tendency "of tho institution fifteen years
ago. He is a physician, of acknowledged
eminence.and skill in this branch of medi
cal supervision. He Is a life-long Repub
lican, . yet Democratic Governors—Stone
man, Bartlett . and Budd— recognized his'
great usefulness and made no effort to
supplant him. It is, said thaV Governor
Budd, after diligent Investigation and
thorough consideration of the welfare of
the 500 feeble-minded wards of the State,
came'to the conclusion that It would be
almost a crime to remove Dr. Osborne:
The Call; speaks of John McKenzie, the
new president of the directory, as the no
torious boss of Santa Clara County and
Dr. Lawlor as a push politician.
Th deposing of Dr. A. E. Osborne from
the management of the California Home
for: the Feeble-minded Children at Glen
Ellen' to make room for Dr. W. M. Law
lor, ex-Health Officer of San Francisco,
caused. the resignation oi Robert A. Poppe
from the chair and' aroused a feeling of
indignation among- the many, friends of
the gifted physician and his helpful wife.
Visitors to ' the home and .thpse" who are
more familiar with the methods employed
and results obtained have appreciated Dr.
Osborne's fine executive ability and the
wonderful success he has made in his spe
cial line of research. . .-; ¦
Sonoma County Farmer.
GAGE FAVORS THE PUSH
RENT — L. L., City. If a man owes rent
in any amount and it is on a verbal agree
ment, the debt outlaws in two years; if
on a written agreement, then it outlaws
in four years. The fact that a landlord
sends a collector after the delinquent does
not prolong the life of the debt:
The ' arid States show the least- timber, which ex
hibits the reciprocal '•elation between forest and mois
ture. Forest fires'are given as the most potent agent
in reducing the timbered area, and the arid States es
pecially have the greatest interest in preventing them
and in. reforestation of the area they have stripped.
In the, area of forest land California is credited^ with
44,700 square miles, and is exceeded by Texas with
64,000,- Arkansas with. 45,000, Minnesota with. 52,200,
Washington with 47,7oo, and Oregon, with 54,300. In
percentage of their area covered by forest Arkansas
with 84 and Maine with 79 per cent lead all the States!
The percentage f or \ California , is 22. The practically
treeless States are North Dakota with only 1 per cent
of. her area forested, South Dakota .3, Nebraska 3,
Kansas 7 and Nevada 6. '
Inthe statistics of the use^of trees firewood heads
the list, the consumption for fuel being put at 180,
000,000,000 feet board measure. Of course most of
this, however, is timber undersized for use as lumber
of. dimension timber, and some of it is the waste of
lumbering operations. in limbs, and trunks that prove
unfit for sawing upon being felled.
V Such, statistics should be the result of actual in
spection, and no other can be more than approxi
mate. jThe danger of incorrect statement of the forest
area is that it cools the zeal and effectiveness of those
who are trying -to* arouse public opinion to the ne
cessity of forest preservation.;,
A STATEMENT of the forest area is published,
apparently upon the authority of Federal stat
istics, which shows that 37 per cent of the total
area of the United States is covered by forest. We
are inclined to question the figures. Mr. Brown,
secretary of the Indiana Forestry Association, seems
to have es-tablished the error of official statistics on
that subject in his State. He believes that the stat
istics are made by subtracting from the total are,a the
lands devoted to agriculture and assuming that the
remainder is forest. This method would be ob
viously erroneous.
OUR FOREST, AREA.
In a recent address in London the Hon. Herbert
Asquith is said to have denounced "the uncouth and
pseudo-classical terminology of men of science, the
tortuous and nebulous phrases of philosophers, the
pretentious conventionalities of critics, and the slip
shod slapdash of the newest school of journalism."
It is now the turn of the critics to tell Mr. Asquith
what he doesn't know about language proper for light
and agreeable oratory.
BEE JOURNALS— E. H., Berkeley, Cal.
The principal bee periodicals of the
United States are: Cultivator, Los Anjre
le^", Cal.; Bee Keepers' Review, Flint,
Mich. ; Progressive Beekeeper, Higgins
ville, Mo.; Bee Culture, Medina, Ohio;
American Beekeeper, Falconer, N.5Y.
There is an old law in New Jersey which imposes
upon persons heard swearing in the streets a fine of
SO cents for each oath, and an effort is now being
made to have it revived and enforced; but for what
purpose we know not, unless the State has decided
to pay the national debt and buy out the steel trust.
TWO DOLLAR AND A HALF PIECE—
J. S. I., City. The information heretofore
given in relation^to $2 50 pieces was based
upon a catalogue published by one of the
largest dealers in coins. The piece that
you have may be "a proof piece," one of
a few that are not minted for general cir
culation.
INHERITANCE TAX-S., City. The
inheritance tax in California is $5 for
every $100 of the market valuation of the
property, and proportionately for any less,
but no tax Is placed on property that has
a market value of $500 or less.
STOCKHOLDER— V. L.,_Vallejo, Cal.
A stockholder^in a corporation te-notr-tn
California, 'disqualified 'from serving a
summons in an action instituted, by the
corporation except that he be the party
named in the action.
Still more notable of the change in Southern sen
timent on the subject was the recent conviction in
Alabama of a member of a mob which had lynched
a man. That, in fact,- is a clear evidence that juries
are no longer in fear of lynchers, nor in sympathy
with them. A few cases of conviction and heavy
punishment of persons taking part in the outrages
would go far toward putting an end to the barbarous
practice, and fortunately there is now reason to hope
such convictions will be forthcoming. We have prob
ably seen the worst of the evil. The better elements
of the Southern people have been at last awakened
to the appalling menace to their civilization contained
in the repeated outbursts of lawlessness and cruelty,
and have resolved to put a stop to them.
Bishop T. F. Gaylor of the Protestant Episcopal
Church of Tennessee recently preached upon a lynch
ing in Franklin County, where he has been living
for nineteen years, and after describing how "a mob
of frantic citizens, scorning the law and the dictates
of reason, dragged the murderer to the scene of his
crime, and, with 2000 men, women and children to
witness and be degraded by it, burned the criminal
to death and yelled at his torments," he added:
"Every man and woman in Tennessee is responsible
to a greater or less degree, but still respon
sible, for this public defiance, of the decen
cies of civilized life. Are we a Christian peo
ple? Are there any churches in Tennessee?
Surely no Christian consented to. such a mad exhibi
tion of base passion. This is not satire, but an ap
peal to Christ, and to the men and women who be
lieve in Christ, to every minister in this State who
preaches the gospel of the love of Christ, an appeal
for the creation of a public opinion that shall rec
ognize the folly, the inevitable ruin of lawlessness and
the moral degradation of wanton' cruelty."
The ministers of the churches have taken a noble
part in developing a better sentiment among the peo
ple. They have not shirked any phase of the issue,
nor have they dealt with the question in an abstract
way, or with reference to instances of outrage oc
curring in other States. On the contrary, they have
spoken directly of offenses committed near their own
homes, and have emphasized the responsibility of the
better classes of the South in the worst of the out
rages.
To hardly any question did the Alabama constitu
tional convention give more earnest consideration
than to providing means for the suppression of
lynching, and the removal of officers of the law who
consented to it, or even surrendered a priso'ner to a
mob under any circumstances. The 'best speech made
in the convention was that of ex-Governor Jones on
that subject, and it is gratifying to note that he car
ried the convention with him.
EVIDENCES of a revolt on the part of the in
telligence of the South against the domination
of lynch law are becoming more frequent and
more conclusive. The better class of Southern men
are no longer offering excuses for the outrages- or
even passing them by in silence. Leader after leader
in politics, at the bar and in the. church has spoken
out bravely against the wrong, and public sentiment
is rapidly forming on their side.
STORY WRITING— P. D., City. If you
have the talent to Write a story, write It
and then submit it to some of the period
icals that publish stories. Inclose stamps to
return manuscript in case It Is not ac
cepted. v . ' • v .
Dr. Osborne's greatest desire will al
ways be to see the children as happy and
well cared for as they were under his ad
ministration. . , >
Dr. Osborne, ever the gentleman he . is,
made the change of administration as
pleasant as possible. He showed every
possible courtesy to the new superintend
ent, and did his best to keep the wheels
of the institution going in the same old
way. He had the interest of his children
at heart and did. nothing whatever to
make manifest to them the new order of
things.. He would make any sacrifice for
these poor "unfortunates, and because of
them he facilitated the change rather
than retarded it in any way.
In spite of all the talk, however, we
have lost Dr. Osborne and the "political
hack" is feathering his nest. ' .
The press, regardless of political faith,
has been roasting him, and politicians all
over the State have been, hurling no
comely invectives at him. As \ for the
Governor's associates, they are faring no
better than he. "That crowd" and "that
trash"— these are the appellations most
applied to the Gage push nowadays.
Dr. Osborne, whom the creatures Of the
Governor have deposed as superintendent
of the institution, hns long been appre
ciated for his efficiency and sterling
worth.. _, ; * ~. . /< ,. :.. : .
t If* Governor Gage dldri't know ;it before
he - knows it now. Probably in no other
direction could he have raised such a war
cloud. . - > > • ,
Governor Gage has been getting it hot
and heavy for his disreputable action In
regard to ¦ the California Home.
Sonoma Index-Tribune.
ANOTHER SHOT AT GAGE
THE AWAKENING SOUTH.
ROYAL REGISTER— A. O. S. Sacra
mento, Cal. A. copy of the Royal Regis
ter of England may be procured through
any first-class bookseller, if you cannot
find It in the State Library in your city.
SULLIVAN— A. S., City. Chief of Police
SulMvan is a cousin of Frank J. Sullivan,
who 19 a brother-in-law of Mayor Phelan.
At your leisure you can figure out the re
lationship of the Chief to the Mayor.
'LETTER CARRIERS-Subscriber, City.
Letter carriers are paid $600 the first year,
$800 the next year and $1000 the third y^ar
and hereafter. Substitute carriers are
paid the pro rata of the amount paid the
carrier whose place he takes.
NO CHANGE— F.. Laporte, Cal. The
law which gives a person whose property
has been sold under foreclosure of mort
gage a year in which to redeem the same
has not been amended.
AMERICAN CHICKEN REVIEW— A.
C. R., Marysville, Cal. The name of
"American Chicken Review" does not ap
pear in Rowell's newspaper directory of
the United States. , -
WITNESSES— Subscriber, Oakland, Cal.
In the State of California one or more
witnesses are a legal necessity at a sol
emnization of marriage.
ACTOR BROPHT— Subscriber. City.
Wherever James M. Brophy has played In
"The Ensign" he. has always taken the
leading part.
BOWLING ALLET-A. O. S,, City. The
license in San Francisco on bowling alleys
is $5 per quarter on each alley or "run
way." • . ¦ ¦
In fact, if all reports be true the situation of the
wine producers of France is really serious. The bul
letin des Halles, one of the foremost agricultural
journals of the country, is quoted A as saying: "It is
best, in fact, to tell the truth— namely, that unless
we are able to compete successfully with the Cali
fornia exporters of wine we had better go out of the!
business and try how the soil. will grow wheat and
sugar beets." •¦- \- : ¦: ¦:£?&] -* . .„.:•;. •;¦-.- -.:¦:'¦ ¦ r ,.;...
r These reports from IFrance have a pertinent bear
ing upon the 'reciprocity treaty which' Mr/ Kassbn
negotiated with France. It v is the'purpose of that,
treaty to lower the duty on French wines, imported
into this country, and were the treaty ratified the"
French would doubtless dump a large part of their
surplus stock upon the United States. We have,
therefore, a special reason for watching' with care
every sort of reciprocity treaty which may be sub
mitted to the Senate. The Eastern people are not*
particularly interested in .protecting the wine indus
try, and California must look out for her own.
Facing the perplexities of a too abundant crop,
the French naturally turn to their ally the Czar in
the hope of obtaining from him a better market for
their wine. They claim that if the Czar is, really a
friend of France he ought to abolish the duty which
now weighs so heavily upon the wine industry. It
is _not exactly pleasant to have to ask favors of a
guest, or to insist in talking business to a ruler who
comes for the purpose of having entertainment,
neither does it sound altogether proper' to say to a
friend, "Prove your friendship," but in the present
condition of the wine industry in France it appears
the wine men feel that in the reception they are going
to give the Czar if will, be the part of wisdom to
take council of their needs rather than of their'hos
pitality. ':
The cause of the movement is Uhe extraordinary!
wine crop that is now maturing. .One of the members
of the Gironde Council is reporte'd by the Paris corre
spondent of the Chicago'News to have said recently:
"I have just returned from a tour of the vineyard
district, where. I witnessed the. sad sight of peasants
cursing the sun for ripening the grapes and maturing
a magnificent harvest. I saw the grape juice literally
running to waste on the ground. In fact, the present
harvest is enormous, like its predecessor, which was
Tuin for the viticulturists."
W. F. Aldrich, who was secretary of the
Parke Lacy Company for a long period
and latterly acting Consul General of the
United States at Hongkong, has become
associated with the Globe Engineering
Company of 509 Mission street.
F. S. Lusk, the extensive "railroad con
tractor of Wyoming, arrived here yester
day, accompanied by his wife. They are
staying at the Palace.. U -
S. Bert Cohen, the well-known dry goods
merchant of Carson City, is spending a
few days at the California, accompanied
bv his wife. ' ¦ , •
George Morris, f or • more than twenty
years assistant j librarian of Congress at
Washington, is on a short visit to this
city.
i S. Rummelsburg-, a merchant of Corusa,
is in the city on business for a few days.
He has made the Grand., his headquarters.
\lN. E. Deyoe, who conducts a general
merchandise business at Modesto, is reg
istered at the Lick.
John W. Mitchell, a prominent attorney,
of Los Angeles, is at the Palace, accom
panied by his wife. / • ¦ .. - . :
J. D. Carr, the well-known capitalist of
Salinas, registered at the Palace yester
day. . .. .. '. ..
Judge F. T. Nilon of Nevada City is . at
theLJck. •
I E. Dinkelspiel, the well-known merchant
of • Suisun.'ls at the Grand., ¦
§ E. E. Cain, one of the leading merchants
of Seattle, is at the. Palace.
ANSWERS TO QUERIES
A CHANCE TO SMILE.
"Ef some men was as puhtlclar "bout
payin' llvin' expenses," said Uncle Eben,
"as dey is 'bout payin' de tax on a yaller
dog, dar'd be mo' happy homes." — Wash
ington Star.
"He's a tin soldier!"
"The graduate of a famous foreign mili
tary school, I am told."
"Precisely! He isn't even American tin!"
—Detroit Journal. •
Guest— Tou advertised (whack) that
there were no (slap) mosquitoes here. Do
you consider, sir (whack), that statement
true?
Proprietor— Tes, sir, I wrote that cir-*
cular last January.— Life.
"You will find the work easy," said Mrs.
Hauskeep. "We live very simply, and
there are no children to — "
"Oh, Oi'll not take the place av there's
no chiler," interrupted the applicant.
"The idea! You're an exception to the
rule."
"Well, av there's no chllder, all th©
dishes Oi break'll be blamed on me."—
Philadelphia Press.
"It ain't the money I lost that riles mo
most," commented the farmer who had
been to the city; "it's what the fellow
said to me." »-i
"What did he say?" asked the farmer's
wife. . :
"Why, he just mentioned that a wide
awake feller could pick up all sorts of use
ful things in the city, an' when I think of
the way he picked me up an' used me 1
can't help believin* he meant to call me a
'thing,' an' that sort of hurt3."— Chicago
Post. i
Choice candles, Townsend'a. Palace Hotel*
Cal. glace fruit EOc per lb at Townsend'*.*
- Special Information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
i ; Glasgow's : population ; Is , .760,329, an In
crease in ten year3 of 142,277, a growth
comparing favorably with that of Ameri
can cities. In 1S01 Glasgow contained 77.
385 inhabitants.
Dr. Sanf ord's Liver Invigorator.
BestLiver Medicine. VcgetableCureforLdver Ills.
Biliousness, Indigestion, Constipation. Malaria.
Stops Diarrhoea and Stomach Cramps. Di*
Siegart's Genuine Imported Angostura Bitters.*
"I see the Newgilts have given up their
automobiles." "What for?" "They found,
after all, that it wasn't so expensive as
keeping horses." — Puck.
DISPATCHES from Paris announce that the
Agriculturist party in France. intends to take
advantage of the Czar's visit to urge upon
him the abolition of the Russian duty jupon French
wines. The movement is said to have . been started
by the council general of the ; Gironde Department,
one of th ; greatest ¦. wine producing districts" of
France, but other departmental councils "have signi
fied an intention of uniting with.it, so that the repre
sentations made to the Czar will virtually embody the
sentiments of the entire wine-producing industry of
the country. ... ..'¦',
FRENCH WINE, INDUSTRY.
It is saic that King Edward is "palace poor," being
the owner of more. royal residences than he can sup
port and at the same time pay his tailor's bilVso the.
rumor that he. is to put Osborne and Marlborough
House on, the.- market" may* prove true. 'New" York*
millionaires will, of course, take notice and b« ready
to act. * '•>"*- . :¦-.-. , .
PERSONAL MENTION.
Such bosh "is a makeshift. The only remedy for anarchy
is its extirpation. The first and most effective proceeding is to
relegate' the anarchistic press, which encourages and beauti
fies; murder, lechery and all the worst forms of crime and vice,
and panders to' and stimulates the basest passions and appe-
But the Inability of the Examiner to assume and maintain
a genuinely patriotic attitude is fully exhibited, even in Its
issue of Monday. It had been urged at Buffalo that, for the
present ; at . least,, no undue prominence be given to the
anarchistic tool by whose hand the President was shot. The
answer of. the Examiner to this request is the conspicuous
publication' of a- picture 1 of the assassin, made up from a
description of his person, in which he is depicted with the
intelligence and firmness that might have characterized the
face of/ Brutus. Editorially, as a remedy for anarchy, the
Examiner .proposes to abolish Presidential receptions and the
custom of shaking hands,- and to analogize the representatives
of seventy-five'millions of Americans to an European monarch.
E?DITOR SAN FRANCISCO CALL: The efforts of the
Examiner • to outdo its ' contemporaries in its eulogies
of President McKinley is gratifying. It furnishes
an /instructive contrast when laid side . by side
with its shameless invectives and criticisms, which were
printed even when' the President was here and when the
Examiner, in its editorial columns, was pretending to imitate
'the conduct of a gentleman. It is certainly beyond dispute that
its present obsequiousness is hypocritical, but "hypocrisy is
.the, defense that vice pays to virtue" and, in this instance, it
also illustrates an enforced submission of public opinion,
which, however, is too intelligent to be deceived.
tltes of men, to the exclusive patronage of the low, degraded
and un-American elements of the population, to _ which t
caters The next step toward a cure is to expose, whenever it
is possible, to punish and to deport anarchists fronrthe United
States The third and equally important remedy, because like
the first it goes to the root of the disease, is to prevent the
SmSratlon of the anarchistic class. Upon this last point the
suggestions of Senator Depew. with some additions are excel
lent Every American Consul throughout the world should be
a Commissioner of Immigration, and no man or woman propos
insr to settle in the United States should be allowed to land
at any American port, unless registered abroad, with full
details of name, age, occupation and nationality, from three
to six months before departure, and not then unless indorsed
bv the Consul, at least as to character, perhaps as to intelli
gence through an official certificate and as the result of
investigation. The world, and especially this country, is full
of societies into which admission can be procured only upon
application and proof of qualifications. This republic offers to
immigrants of the right quality unequaled advantages and Is
as much entitled as private organizations to the exercise of
discriminations in selecting materials for residence and
Even anarchists have their legal rights, and, in suppressing
their diabolical iniquity and systematized efforts for the
destruction of government, everything should and will be done
decently and in order. But Congress and the States should
promptly co-operate to frame and perfect the legislation that
is imperatively needed. AMERICAN.-
San Francisco, September 9.
Strives Editorially to Act With Decency Toward the Suffering Executive,
Whom It Has So Persistently Traduced, but Its Hypocrisy
* Wiir Deceive No One. *:.? ;
Treason is a crime against the majesty of the law,
and not the majesty of the person. The criminals who
attack honest laborers in this city, and beat and rob
them, are simply privates in the army of traitors of
which the assassin who spells his name in consonants
is the major general. Yellow journalism is the kin
dergarten and university, in which all thtse enemies
of Americanism are schooled. Close that schoolhouse
and the cure of the disease will have begun. ' \
The bilious sapheads, with bulbous foreheads, who
use their coated tongues and fetid breath to inform
workingmen that they are "wage slaves," and their
employers are their masters and their enemies, are
enemies of Americanism. The educated tramps and
loafers, from Bellamy to Gronlund, who never
earned nor paid wages and are incapable oi' self
support, are all enemies of Americanism. The
banded organizations which forbid to American-born
boys the privilege of apprenticeship and the right to
learn a trade are the enemies of Americanism. All
of these whining, lying, loafing elements, made up
largely of men who have not the energy to earn their
bread by any kind of work, and who spend their time
dreaming of a state of society in which what others
earn will be divided' with them, are inimical to our
country and the welfare of its working people. ' They
are the influence which makes assassins of Presidents.
A wholesome American spirit declares that this coun
try shall be made safe for the President and the hum
blest citizen by the same law, with no partiality for
one over the other.
Under these circumstances the imported labor lead
ers who incite discontent and disorder, who act as
lords of the fate of labor and command it to work or
lie idle as pleases them, are the enemies of American
ism. Every man who runs with a mob to call an
American a "scab" because he chooses to work with
out, enlisting as a bond man to such leaders, and to
beat, bruise and kill him for standing on his Ameri
can birthright to labor, is an enemy of Americanism.
Men are thinking of what it means when one of these
leaders, "business agents" and walking delegates in
Sacramento, on hearing that the President was shot,
said, "I am glad of it; it ought to have been done
when he was in San Francisco." That man is :. a
leader, with the power to order men to stop work
when they have no grievance against their employer,
and to command them to kill other men who are will
ing to work and take their places.
The United States to-day- offers the best oppor
tunity for man that he has ever had. This was so
when we were colonies and Adam Smith, in his
"Origin of the Wealth of Nations," admitted the
larger wages and superior opportunities open to labor
in America in 1776. From that original condition of
advantage we have gone forward, this country be
coming more and more the best in the world for a
man who wishes to thrive by his labor, until to-day
labor commands the highest wages and its wages the
most of the necessaries of life here. , .. T
Taking advantage of our freedom in this country
we have been invaded by enemies of Americanism
from abroad who have found allies here in the reptile
class of the American press.
Anarchy is the flower and fruitage of every misrep
resentation of our economic conditions, and. of every
lie about man's opportunity in life under our form of
government The scum oh the pond roots in the pol
lution of the water by the cryptogami that grow be
low. Anarchy and murder exist by cryptogamic fertil
ization. It is useless to plan reprisals by filing sharper
the law's teeth and protecting the person of the Presi
dent by special enactments and laws that make bat
tery upon him high treason. Such laws will do no
good. The anarchist does not fear death. Repres
sive statutes do not deter him. He can be abolished
only by dcing away with the incitement that acts .as
rennet to curdle the passions of his base mind. •
A DASTARDLY crime like the attempt to mur
der President McKinley is like a' flash of light
ning at night which for a moment lights the
scene and discloses its details. The flash of the assas
sin's pistol illuminates the causes at work in this coun
try to destroy our democratic institutions. Such lying
and anarchistic journalism as Hearst practices is a
sort of grand hailing sign and password, grip -and
shibboleth for all the enemies of Americanism.
ENEMIES OF AMERICANISM.
CLARION TONES OF PUBLIC OPINION COMPEL
EXAMINER TO CEASE ITS SHAMEFUL ATTACKS
Not until the proposals of the Danish Ministry
are made public will it be possible to discuss the
subject th oroughly. It may be that some stipula
tions will be made by the Danes to which Congress
will rightl; r object, 'the trade is much more , to the
advantage of Denmark than to us, for the islands
have. been an expense to the Government and have
been-of no' great value to the Danes as a naval sta-,
tion. . . '
State," offered $7,500,000 for them. The reaspn why
a;- less sumis offered is that since we have. Ported
Rico, and the right to construct and maintain 'naval:
stations ir^ Cuba, the Danish group is no longer of
the same value to' us. ' > . *\ *
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, .SEPTEMBER 10, 1901.
TUESDAY SEPTEMBER 10, 1901
JOHN D. SPRECKELS,' Proprietor.
liirt it AH Comsmnieatiens to W. 6. LEAKS, XiBtgtr.
MANAGER'S OFFICE Telephone Preii 204
PUBLICATION OFFICE. . .Market and Third, S. F.
Telephone Press 201.
EDITORIAL ROOMS. ... .217 to 221 Stevenson St.
Telephone Press 202.
DelfT«red by Carriers, 15 Cent* Per Weelt.
Stnsrle Copies, S Cents.
.. Terms by Mail, Including Postages ~: ;
DAILT CALL (including:. Sunday), one year... $6.W
DA.IX.T CALX. (Including: Sunday), 6 months 2.00
DAILY CALL Onclndlngr Sunday). 3 n-onths 1.50
DAILT CALL— By Single Month..... 65o
S17XDAY CALL. One Tear 1.60
WEEKLT CALL. One Tear I- 00
All postmasters are authorized to receive
subscriptions.
Sample copies will be forwarded when reQuested.
Man subscribers in ordering change of address should be
particular to give both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS in order
to Insure a. prompt and correct compliance with their request.
OAKLAND OFFICE 1118 Broadway
C. GEORGE KROGXESS.
XaBtgcr roreifa Advertising, Marietta Building. CMeaga.
(Long Distance Telephone "Central 261S.")
• • NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CARLTOX. Herald Square
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STKPHEJf B. SMITH 30 Tribnne Building
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Sherman House; P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel;
Fremont House: Auditorium Hotel.
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf- Astoria Hotel; A. Brentano, 31 Union Square;
Murray Hill Hotel.
WASHIXGTOJT <D. C.) OFFICE .... 14O6 G St., JT. W.
MOBTOX E. CRAXE, Correspondent.
BRANCH OFFICES — 527 Montgomery, corner of Clay, open
until 9:30 o'clock. 800 Hayes, open until 9:30 o'clock. 633
McAllister, open until 9:30 o'clock. 615 Larkin. open until
9:30 o'clock. 1911 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 2261 Market,
corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock. 1098 Valencia, open
until 9 o'clock. 106 Eleventh, open until 9 o'clock. NW.
corner Twenty-second and Kentucky, open until 9 o'clock.
2300 Fillmore, open until 9 p. m.
6
AMUSEMENTS.
Alcazar— "The Taming of the Shrew."
. ¦ Grand Opera-house— "Quo Vadls."
TIvoll — "Carmen."
California— "The Jilt."
Orpheum— Vaudeville.
Columbia— "A Royal Family."
Central— "A Voice From the 'Wilderness."
Chutes, Zoo and Theater— vaudeville every afternoon and
evenics-
Fischer' s— Vaudevill e.
By Sam Watklns— Tnis day. at 11 o'clock. Horses, Wagons,
etc., at 1140 Folsom etreet.
By William O. Layng— Friday. September 13, at 10 o'clock.
Palo Alto Brood Mares, at Agricultural Park. Sacramento.
By G. H. Umbsen & Co.— Monday. September 23, at 12
o'clock. Crooks' Estate Properties, at 14 Montgomery street
AUCTION SALES.
B.KATSCHINSKI
PHILADELPHIA SHOE GO.
10 THIRD STREEUAN FRANCISCO.
WILL YOU PAYS2.40
For a first-class shoe that ia
worth $3 50; a shoe that Is stylish
and up-to-date; glove fitting in
appearance and guaranteed for
wear. Ladies' French Vlcl Kid
Lace Shoes, black Imperial cloth
tops, new coin toes and tips, cir-
cular vamps, and heel foxing and
French stitched heels. Alt sizes and
-widths. Reduced to $2 40. For one
week only.
WE HAVE CUT THE PRICE
Misses' and - Children's Red Kid
Lace Shoes; new coin toes and tips,
and spring heels. Widths A to D.
Child's sizes, 8 to 11 51 23
Misses' sizes, 11& to 2 $155
The latest fad— Colored Laces for
ladies* shoes and oxfords. We have
all colors.
We have no branch stores nor
traveling salesmen.
PHILADELPHIA SHOE GO.
IO THIRD STREET. g
San Francisco. gTHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 10, 1901.
7
J Book Bargains • . Cfimmpn'rihA P 1 1 /^k * v# 'IfSifWii t/-t/M*\r ~^Theltopo^fom~} |
s feig^tSil lueouay^ ..¦ i caii ¦ v/'L/v i U I i >yO opeciai oaie6. «t^ss s
5 > store's opening week price. $tmO5 { >*f» P 5 ¦ "- ¦ • » ', W- -^ « ' ¦ I for men, wom:n and children, and ¦*
ifSBi §1 New Rishion5 for Season \90\OZ WSBffl
\Opening Display Autumn Dress Fabrics. 30$%. Charming Display of Autumn Silks* f
jEany opportunities extraordinary — Sin Francisco's premier and- sale of the new Fall An unrivaied.collection of New Silks for/ street, house and reception wear. An assortment 5«
* ? re5 F r?°F S ac^ an .^ Colored) begins to-day. Every novelty and staple weave of note ' .^Mm^ * unequaled in this city, including eight decided'y novel effects and 2^- colorings J
£ *rom fc.ngush, rrench and American locms receives first and fullest representaton here. The rain-proof Cravanettes from " • * n e new -^ ers ' an Silks, now creating such a furor in Paris and New York. Elaborate displays in front show window, ]<%
*[ rncstley s are alone a show worth coming to see. What a rem rkable and useful fabric it is. Soft, warm, beautifully mf&w^K|^Sj^^^ l woi>w^ ) plate glass cases, on exhibition platforms in center aisles, and in first section left of main entrance. If you -<2
coiorcd, rcpe. ling water and showipg no stain. Special fabric exhibits to-day and balance of week in show window i^^^^^^^Sr^^" 4^^^^^ ~$P*&9S& would get most for your money in Silks come to headquarters. The principal colorings of the New Fall 3*
£ on exhibition platforms in center aisle, and in the great Dress Gocds section. Compare qualities and prices. . 1 ' Si ' ks arC various shac * cs oi *
** yW Ogrm Fcr 44~ lnch All- Wool Colored Tricot — A sp"endid 65c cr 75c value; a very pretty fabric for {?£&%&«?• <?J$j!^A^alL / *^p i^f^lfk" Bcscda Gobelin Blue Royal Blue Retl Brown Tan jj
v- " *^ V vrastt, house gowns and chi.dren's dresses; the new fall shades of rrs:.'a, old res;, lilac, msie, ro a, rakt, navy, Jfe!i$$£Q X r !$isJ«2& "*k$k «**£ /% ¦j^^^^T'^%i k-nJUMi - HeliOtTODe Old ROSC Castor Gray LMltBlVC Pfalk 1*
* brown » c *st<», etc.— 49c per vard will be the tpecul introductory pricr. ' jt^&^ %4» €^^^ *&Par£& a # * _ j ? c i i i tt * oi • - -l . .71 , .., ' ,'* *
van*** For cz inrh Ri,^'- f- i»'w- n, •/ j • u -c i *. j r ui i • • w '"^^^^^^rt^^*^^^ j^^^v4i»> n^»f^^ A Great Introductory Special, lafteta Flannel— 19 inches wide — a beautiful soft suk — warranted Fo. &
%° JT 0* 5 2 -men lilacs Camel s Ha:r Cheviot — and a very beautiful shade of black it is. This cvV^)?^ f^^SGP«r*V$»%!w&i K^jl. £°n A^-d^TiJ^^ •o? c^'^t £cs£o : ' l 11 j • j j • it / cu- iTr • • u t. i. r 1 • &
**&m3&J? c'oth is a «,, „„.!;»» ; • k. u 1 • * j •,• • /£&X<y<2 ttf. 1 *** W£>^ffi*i. J<^<f}^<^ ri,^^^^ i^'^h^^k'-' wash well and give good wear — made especially for Shirt Waists — in such much-sought-for colorings «
X B co -a is a nre quality n weigh: and worth regular y ? 1. 2 5 per yard. The special introductory price, 73: — AZsHF* «f < 't&FvS'Si. Ah v'wbh. ¦$&* $*£? fr^?\^^ 4 > f*,<£5fcr'< 11 • i_- • 1 j v 1 1 1 1 1 i- » • • »
** ; ind on'y 500 yards to bo sold at this prce . * \ r ytoi Z^ 3 c^«L(^* *^ *>>•• as old rose, turquoise, gray, white, pink, reseda, light blue and red, this seasons new importation, -J
g for stylish street and calling gowns, wil tuck nicey W « have bought none but the best makes in Jg|H%V^jagi^^ Pcau de Levant- Absolutely the newest silk Porsi an Si'ks-Thc novelty of the year- 2f
» and t^e co.ors sr-- beau-.inil; 2 1 th; new ,h»d«. black fabrics— goods that will keep th-ir color; ~^^^ V?^ !^ \^J^llSJ^«F^W^^ for lal1 and wint " wear, has a finish like eight of the daintiest and prettiest designs, in ¦*
» 3 8.inch, yard 75 C 4 8-inch, y«d. . . St. 5 J lhat we know wi 1 gVe satsfa.tory wear. \>M WW^ 11 /WrU > >^^f#^^^^^^l{)pi3?™ B^^ ? W^^^i^/CS^^. ' Peau de Soir, h warranted to wash, and z 5 different exquisite color efficts, an asrortment "*
g43-jnch, yard.. $1.00 49-inch, jard. ...$2OO Triestley s Black Goods a« large'., repre- rf^i^S^S®^ J V^mV /Mt^r \\lK^&l&^M^}^Wi^>&(mt^ guarantee to wear, width 24 inches, in the unmatched on the coast; th-se silks are made $
»( -inch prd...$/,25 54-inch, yard.... ..$2,50 stnttd - The va.i-ty of. weaves and intrinsic J/ffit£23f%&8BqR^ new fall colorings for s're:t or .__ exclusively for' shirt waists and ___ '%
* Alt-wool Cheviots— Exceptional valurs, wwranted to merit of these new fabrics will giin for us fm^^^W^^^K^SlKKfi^// evening wear, per yard $* mOO trimmings, per yard $1.SD to S3. OO X
ft pve fttisfactory wear, in all the fashionable fall co-or- many new friends. Come in-examine, com- /I#/^|l(/^*«>#S&fera ' '^W 1 ! IjP^f/? \ Al/I^w Lumcnaux-A very briUiant highly finished The New Velvet Cord— The demand already ex- '5
ngt, the 75c, fi.oo.nd $1.25 qualities are shrunk pare If cut of town, write for samp'ej. * W///M*fi : $^&^\i^ silk for ihirt waists, in a magnificent line of ceedingly supplied for this wide cord— it is 2
% tni tponfed, the latttr in the handsome panne fbi*h. Black Cheviots— S! runk and sponged, .eady «™S!*HK8I til^^®»95e^W'»*^W^^ new fall colorings for street and evening wear, manufactured exprejsly for skirt «aists and cos- $
J,4*-incfa, yard SOc 50-inch, fine grade.... $f *or the needle— ffiM MttlF&V JL^r^S/6©dS^^*i*L 3 t M®7/A^^^C. 21 inches wide, per yard tumes— we tar; the full line of col- _ _ ,%
yard 75 C S c-i a .panne finish $f.2S 5°"- n -i ) d 75c 5 i-in., yd $1.50 /^W jj£>j^C^5^'SSwS3h l^^^^^t 8 fcl^J^^^O^ i^>^J^S?V • §lmtO orings in the 22-inch width, per yard 65C
gliranitts and Mtlrose—AU-wod fabrics that we very 5°-» 3 -. yd....$l.00 S 8-'n , yd JIJ5 Af/fflj!l!|^^ Colored Peau de Soie— More popu'ar than Metal Print Ve!our-A very popular Velvet **
ft Popular and extremtly serviceable, in all thi new and S 1 ''"-* yd. ..,.$1.25 S 8-in., yd $2.00 'If JK« ''WM^l /? x\ v l^^S^^^. \^L^-^y^*rH^^^443SS!CT ever for sh T rt waists and costumes, we never Shirt Waist Fabric— blac'* background, with &
J, staple fall shades. Black Broadcloths— Very best makes and d>e;, 1 \Af ff&^-r. 1 1^ i^^ l^K^^^^!^^^^^m^^^^^^m'i^^^^^^^ m J UM had a lot that was more beautifully finished beautiful color combinations, and the prints are ."«
4 5-mch Granite, yard 7Jc 46-inch Melrote 5/.00 wihh from 5a to 60 in., prices from .... f f| flFf ij 1 ir'i^^^^^n^TnOT aid ths line of new colorings is -,-^ warranted &st — ai-inch, 75c? *%— «
y46-bchGranite,yd5|.OO 4 «-»ch Melnce $1.50 $1.Q0t>$3.G0 ' complete, price per yard. ... SI.OO 22-inch . . ...'. 85C %
Poplins— In the new and ttaple fall colorings. Priestley's N:w Weaves— 4+-«nch wide, Ar- !/^^^B^^^SSm^^^fm TnljU^f^" ~~~*^^Jj|(Tt — — — «
r^-^h."^}!^^'* "S^ c cr;rdo^r?:L^: h v^•rs: [^^^¦1^ Extraordinary Glove Sale. |
» p« yard. $f.OO. $t.3J. $2.OO, $2.50 wdth 5° '^Les, P -r yari . $i to $2 WJfi®®^-O&l Tl Openinft Display surpassing ||^l?SGS[®i[llV\ M£}£m$$r' rating dis P la > r of Womcns Imported Gloves for. early Fall wear, m thin, soft, *
All-wool HenrietUs— Stap'e and new shades. " <wr3^MM^M *^ <: rffl5^S »™ihin* thnt hn* vcf Kprn T^^T^®^MIiN<i^%!Wftft1P^ '" pliable s'nns, in all the new winter colorings, all the new fad3 in stitch-
¦' S - ; " h 4! -.i^ 50C 50 Wafstings. ' S"!d b *b£ w", -J^KI^^^», L 4. P-p^ cla SP s, in fact, ,hc acmf of gbvc stylishness. And <-=>N
,jtf***s 5 -&M.UJ Striped Waistings — Silk and wool, jcjTV <^ /^- —^» "^ i<? Ef f of ChicadO Jp\ zMt W §W |f ©^w to J ntro<^ uce this . satisfactory Winter stock we place on sale for I I
Bi i. Ji Rainnmnf Skirilnenz the newest and mo t swagger fabric Jl )( j( , «r* ,*£) " l <* >^^im«JlL nD>y7i^ L*f»^^^>v the opening days all of our One-Fifty Glace Kid Gloves, the V&M/
fi^^ brought to the coast of Priestley's parably low priced, per y^^OsMt^WSS^Sf^S^^ CCrt bv the big Emporium - XI must, if bought in the regular way, styles the very latest, <J^ '
W «»»ous Craranette Skirting, guaranteed > d -' \"*> 65c ' 7*c Jfe^S^^l^W*- Orchestra conducted by August JmSB^3vS^fe^ " COl ° rS thC "^'"^ gl ° VCS that J UStbesn °P encd '
|T «rktly waterproof, 5 6 and S 8 inches and 85c - C^^^P^^K^B/ Orchestra > conduced by August /j^Mf^g^5#^V^ « as an introductory special, per &B W )&M
$L «¦"«, thcrough: y rhrunk, ,6 shad« of J^^ ' * Hinrichs, to-day (Tuesday) from 4^%S^%M^^t^^^^m^> P air &**2S* Jfifk
F> '22=- <n'?ZS^v%Z&33££-~ szi ~~ v^i,, /^i;| HfiJtafifSSi iSl^v^X JSO^iJ^ daily. . //)l\^ fn^fJ^/X^^^^'^^l&A. B 3tn &ifm R**MPJt% 9* S^W%bM &$ff%<SlBtP*B*\W «-^i>
|| \K. ir «-» 15B- * «. *> '^'^ ' ' -4i^^«S Floral Decorations, the mo.t superb / •/ \w}W^-\^^^^ QfJ *JJmWmM92B WJZ?*mB *M.ua*M BMi&&lit£?B j# m *=wj
fi| a Mmtt&GQ§' mmjm Bi*&%£& B&*§Bff$BWiifflttB®& fy'U '^f^^^^m^W^, /^$Lvb ever seen in this city in a retail establiihmint. Thou- *^M V§[/@fa\ "4> ll^o&i^a j^ More than 1500 feet of shelving and counters given up to the sale and
* Sfi ,,.,,.. . , , T " sands upon thousands of cut flowers, hundreds of pa'ms vWMffX^ Z^-\ WL-* display of Women's and Children's Knitted Underwear and Hosiery. The $
5? n O H. r - dlS P.' a y du " n g Opening days Of LaCeS and "^"^^^S^Sfmi n-l« Itoir The ¦ fifsS 8^ most complete assortment in this city. Among the many well-known makes *
«^ uress lnmming;s will surpass anything of the kind yet r^/-^^^p only c^fth'tev.-r .emained suspended m the kir any 6Y^^^\^mmlWi that wc carry arc th? SprinsRcid, the Munsfa^ the Dorothy, ttc eiobc, the *
•P 1 shown by the Bio; Store. It comprises some of lh° best aQItIP/uJ/' y.^^^ considenbe length of time. Propelling machinery rffuJ§y* ////irO^ ' Oncita, the Mdba, the Merode and Ihc Famous Ypsilantf. J
goods made in St. Gall, Calais, Annabel^ and P.au-n #\W/ffllWT b 'h.'i^t£ i^^^^IlwJiwf'? uto- j^am w-Uu v« and s;z ? ,s to 34 , each 25c %
J , Point Gauze-Bands and g^^h ™>^^ p^^t^i^i^ • ; I wSBa^* SSS^SI^ fegg^S^gSSte 1
jf PoinVde VeniU-AU-;^ at gf^ft^ T^W^^feJ? '° 5il '>^^ I^W 1 1 \ r f"*? Qemen*t**thM* of vanous whoesome .| £^^^^3 C Sra Special for Opening Day^-Lad es' Imported Fancy ExLteJ Hosc-Fas'ttt? >{
g — h / 0 Q t^/. g0 l T. *"& SO »&;&-¦. -^^^lP redorMack Andnw: t h W hUe C xt raCt i<>n > , tt and a rd 3S cs t oc lt in g>F<rp .I r ,,g, O |
1 Fall Fashions— JaGkBis, We Garry complete assortments^ oi the^^lollowinfl famous maKesr Dents, Towns, Fall FashlOtiS In Clothing* |
J &Uif& Eft* TrefoVSSC, Monarch, Bzynter, PciTinC and AlcxandrC. The fashions for men and boys are ready for your approval. New goods J
s T . . .. j r!' NewVeiliugsM New Ribbons. ' Bow Making, have been com5ng i n rapidly for the past three weeks, and our buyer, who is 5
» inetrghtest, newest, mostun to dite fill styles in Ladies' Jackets Coats, Taibr-mad, More than 400 piece, of Novelty Veilings N «w ready fcr inaction and porchise^ «m- T<hia * a "f ? nrin «. the lowing Opening stilI m NcwYork , cont inues to send US the late productions of America's most 5
«¦ -^, S&Wl Suits, Separate Skirts and Nov.- ty Waists at have been placed on our the. ves wthin the last Now ready lor m.pection ana pnrcnase, com Day8wewlU mtroduce many entirely new x ? ,,f a l,, lr ; nf . tailors J*
«• XSV\ itcMm' lKS tha " hlf tl>C CC " ° f the imF ° t:d modcs few da )' 8 - E ntircl y new c ff«ts in styles thtt P' ete Une » of a11 thc ncw » oft w « w » »« ch a * ideas in bow making that have been adopted prominent manufacturing tailors. _
\ S^^IO f '° m Whkh thcy " erc de£i = n?d ' J ust now wil P'ove most becoming— Embroidered Dot Satin Taffeta, Satin Liberty, Louisinc, Wash by New York and Paris Modistes for Fa'l, 190 1. Illustration shows the latest fad in men's --^ X$\ "5
* J^*£^ there is economy in anticipating your wants in Chiffons, Doubl; Mesh Complexions, .Motive Taff-ta Brilliant Merveil'eux together with a Charming effects in— ' nobby sack suits, coats with new broad, dB2> £glUL -*
S : K^ /W^m\ E^^r^ J^:X~:%7h F " rd 2gc t0 g0 P» yard, 2ffo ,o No dorp far malm. CW-, i^-. jw- rfr-^J I
/-^^XV^Vjt <*5 * i \ \ aM-»ool Kertey Jacket, all si'.k lined, in light «* — «7 j« «m> m mm *j« •¦• ff« , MmjR m B B ** — i^~— They are L'ned and trimmed with the best /^ T y\ /a| 5
i' \ x% \f\ V '\ Ay \ ""' Casror ' b!aCtC Or cxfo:d e r > f » a 3 acktt B^B^tPtRBBftBSinS&B+W B^.jrnMM9MW rZ&MM mWm MM f tlffifS!&i f^W m of everything, nlk sewing throughout. / , / \ / : IT \ "5
I I \A\ \« 1 (/ 1 that we are going t) /^/4 Wf» "^ * &BBBMMMWB&MM Jf BmmJkBBBBWB* F CBBB mWmmmnmSm^^B JJM Wecanfityouper- &4£X fafj I \/ A \ J
5 ftvJul t N kU as / n « traval " Sbbm^O *v^^^^ Already a bewitching array of French, English and American Pattern £^^66^^^ fcctly in these for.. #•#»•#•#/ il I V «/ l\ 5
V HV^/ Pi \ 7%. v UC a ci ' oo °' cutto f^S^^^^** Hats, porrraying the new an! artistic in mit.-ria's, coors and designs. Re- o.Q^^SS fe ?^fe. Thz King George Overcoat, al=o illustrated, J O H£^/ I > \ ,Jt
V XA^^ / l £ls - 5 — Four 6t y Ies of much w^dlfi 1^^^^^ finement, harmcnyofcolcrings and hat becomingness are blended together in new Oxford shades, long cut, with silk \ Vfc=, /S-^y / "R ' \ %
S A V_re> I \Bte£ more thin ordinary value and with all the J/fA^^ a most art'stic mannsr. To introduce these productions, from some of the velvet collar, slashed Dockets and cuffi on \ Jr^ J] \\ I I jh fi «*
V VJP^P^V fc^^rge^, b « ut / of wa "-s twice t ie price, the latest H^^^^^S word's mest famous miUinets, we quote these prices: . l$8sisPlf^'$>^ sleeves $ W * OO I 4?d l\ II \\ =J
* -"^— "- colorings the new«tdeurs of making in J%W%MgB&W £ic#f a shape felt Walking Hat, trimmed with "CT^^^^P Boy's Yoke Overcoat-Dark Oxford pay, | / / / f kj "
K P^SiferfrXV ¦ hcms^ ch!n S and^k : "S.^g^ ©^ &&ffim£££Et fanc y Pel6ian and DottedSearf.all the newest co'ors; regu- tftf - ft \^S^ joke front and back, slash pockets, cuff; on I/A / M ,M Jf
i* L introductory price vS?*** lar; y anl ver 7 chea P at 2 - 2 5» social price for opening .... $¥.W - r > /p s Ieeves> siIk v .; vct coUar> fi ne mohaV lin- ' ' W ' *T S
k -> \ \^V Separate Skirt — A'1-wojI Back Chrviot Camel's Hair ij^K^^ JS^^Z $4-95 Trimmed Hats — Over 50 sty!ei of Trimmrd Hat3, each one a reve'a- v i"»w *^/ in», price $12. SO \\ \ %
V/OT Skirt, newest and best shapes, prrfectly drap-Jd^p, <ffilL*W tion at the price } the marerla'.s are mere than usual and th= styles are cor- fb^wT Bovs' Szilor Suits—! All-wool Blue Cheviots, V ' 1 , *
$ NY, graduated flounce tntnm : d with fiw on-, nch s:lk 2-^ ' ' T ect 5 thc P calest valucs we havc proffered at th: pr.ee.. QjgQg- M&m pretty, well-made garmenti in an excellent all-the-year-round \ «
i- / V V/Rfcs5^ fc "- S> ? c J. stltr . hed 4 rovvs |« K^J »*.^» >^^i_V. weight, handsome'y embroidered shields and collars, sixes for ft J \
S / \\JkW? offine stitching, introductory pnce^CP.^f-O . fe^I $7-00 Trimmed HatJ-One hundred and Rfty Trimmed Has at | 7 .oo, ..- f ' 1Q y ; ntroductory price <$3.^5 S
h / J //.\^F • Black Military Cape— 36 inches Ioa B and wide sweep, —^S^/SN-j . made ot black and colored velvets, with La Valier breasts j never before Boys' Vest Suits— With single or double breasted coats, the newest pHiliW
K / 'Ox made of rlnrst wool high-uster K-rsey, velvet col- {(^ .^ such a comp'ete line or such very high-class va ues at the price ; you may exp:ct much, «y||||. and most genteel cut, perfect fitting, aU-wool Cassimerrs and H/(S '•'•> «
5 >^ \ lar, trimmed with siveral rows of soutache braid and : 'CO for we are prepared to more than surprise you .' . *P * »«#•# Cheviots, in green, brown, oxfords and blues. A good I5.00 I ij SAjs* 0 %
5 • .^ wide c'-oth straps, all silk fl 4) JW g- $10.00 Trimmed Hats— Over one hundr.-d stye! of newest Trimmed Ha's at $10.00 ; all are copes ot co r . ; ntroductory price. ..53.O5 ill >* '
.¦> lined <ipr B emB m W'A/f ref t patterns ;, tome are madeof two-toned felt, trimm:d with swan's breasts ; others are of the Armzon shape ; trimmid with f&fg* fftt\ Bovs' Lontf Pants Suits S : zeJ for 12 to 19 yean in new Fall KL J».
J New Pebble Cheviot Suits -Several ttyle?, bloust and donUe-breaste] long-front Eton in b'aclc black sillc velvet and cheni le, with a dash of coque feathers that completes the look of value ; worth twice the price. ....... &IUmUU X^ and M exceptional yalue at ou ' r introductory j
5 1111 " 8 brea " pO ! k : tt '.. e . tC :'. 1 : 5ghe:t $20.00 First Fall Open/if^ l7/sp#ay _^ Entirely *™ • • " r * 7 ' SO |
J Display j^fflLfih and Special Sale /&MX New S
2 Newest in Children's Wear. e s er 4mm^ Neck Ruffs. m^m . Effeots Men's Furn'g's— Latest Styles \
f New Melton Box Coat -Trimmel with soutich: bnid, Thf^^'ti S^^^^m To in'roduce the most charming and best con. tHiJabOtS Opening of the Fall and Winter Season It's time '*
i iTao n V'1o^Tsl\i #% ful line of dtrich W*R 10 td :fae. ofNeek Rufi th.t we hm em \^f New Parisian make pr.para'tion, for Heavy Underwear, and our new stodccom : , 5
5 S2'en* * * * B * * B E^L-^ Frather Boas thit the ,^. j^ shown, we W selected iaom our latest WZ*iT N ec k w ea r— Fir.* f «| X just In time to be shown during the Fall Opening. *
* 5*'5O. . gZg «^S3gfe\ big ttore ha. evtr mgL. ' AtSBob, novelties 10 dozen stylish Liberty Silk N- Ci V*M* . ¦ c f H \<d? W Men's Fleeced-lined Merino Underwear, suit 31 .OO •
f Fine Ktrscy Box Coat-Unlined, piped srams, fine pearl • owned They ate Wffl^mM Buffa, made extra lull, with long flowing JM showing Sc:rfs and 8 Heavy ribbed, soft finish Cotton Underwear, suit. %1.0O S
» buttons, storm collar and cuffi, tan and cattor; forages /^M I S^H made of carefully se- >^P^^^F pleated en Js, in all black, our regular |i. 50 /S\bP(V Stocks, made from /^^f»$S$|L Natural Gray Merino, good weight, suit $1.50 "«
J. 6 «id 8 85.53, « E «io»nd 11 $5.75. §M£^I Wk l %M¥B£&kk lec-ei feathers of best )S SHgf ** j CSt £tylc> Wld marked th^T f ° r " E /$t^3 F thc rcw soft weavc ><^M™W Brown and Natural Gray Underwear, good weight for winter, £
V Fine Kersty Fuil-Iensth Coat— Fittea tack/utn lined, pTpPil \^j|h«»? quaky fibre, rich and da^ ffiS y/llx materials in combina- /6^^^^f////f//'I suit S2.OO jf
» fine peirl bufons, tan and canorj sizes agts 6 anl 8 l/.'Al Ac I )/7zT lustrous. A new ex- " •/HWW /f " I \ t' ih h'ff n d Australian Wool Underwear, natural gray, winter weight, suit It
J F H^is1v W'7?^v (l ' ; M ""w.<w*w5.ti>-- . gf.go #0 ggo.00 ®V oo - . ;• " ""Ssssa-tKissg j
5 Fine Silk Poke'E* ne'ts-s'lk ini'ng, h.nd-rhlred' bacl; ff MeW LlnlitUS " jifl/fl/y Bfiauft*l»Sf* HffiMf F^#/ StvitSS Opening Day SpeClal-Men* .Suspender,, the 50c kind, good quality Iinemwebs, .J
*• ki r,A hr^^n < i» en \ I//// . OmS t B S KB fg Jf m MM *M B It Ijf MJfrJiaUldWiCS MVtSVW r €*MS m&KJfllSS* in neat, iancy patterns ; the special price to-day, per pair 37«5 '2
1 -riiTN^s^-s — Wew r/ awW e/ 8 . -•• • ¦ ••- •-• 25o §
g In men'S Hat8 New exclusive Stylish materials for ¦ y«w» «*" Back Moire Pompadour Velour Vasts, Bonbon Bow, French Bron«:s, and a , eo pair8 : J 2 - S tacc Curtains, in four of the v «
I feli P^flfei^S^lSl Wi-^lteiSl^^^^^B Newest Styles in Footwear, j
? ?-"»r B B . r ..^rt«h- r ,« v ,- Fashion Sheets. Sneola , Sate of 9^',,^ . I
«" V^^^^Z^v .inT's a °t' «!? ' C ° Pnnti ind " lk6^'' The Butterick Fashion Sheets for October S# t£' G P* 17 pairs Portieres, Oriental effcet*. P r$ 3 .0O $S-00 and 56.00 shoes. They are made of splendid material,, k^jT .. S
* T=f^ IkT'iI X- 7SO io w je * d y. and » '«e copy can be obtained at l#f*AwVII WwOfKm .. ; • ,. . _, . - on the same last as the more expensive shoe, and aie the best that ft\4« %J
i »? tfc * 1 kc 7 their Fine Frerch F!anne!s-Brst twilled fabric in the Butterick Pattern Department, main floor, For opening days we offer a line of pure Irish Sut P attern . s 3 " £ UI l a^ S ' 2^£ - V "l 8 we have ever seen for the prices. We are confident that better' /SfeK r J
V r^? . C .° h r P j liew co: " in gS » *cial value, per )ird 5Dc ""<»« the Ladi «' P^lor. Lin . n Drawn Wor k Square., in a large variety long ' P a ' r ' SS.OO, $6.OO, $6 SO shoes cannot be made for $2. SO and $3.BO per pair. fi£§»« -«
.. \ r N:w W2ist'ng C!oths— An exact reproducticn The Oc l .ob:r Dcliniator contains two especially of designs, in two siies that are easily worth Six patterns, heavy Battenberg effect Lace Cur- To introduce our Ladies' $2.50 Shoes wc offer for Tuesday only, »^k#^!k J7 \
£ ~^^*' £o , d 5n mo a s 'j cf the imported, yard 25c, 33c, 45 D vauab'e articles on Dressmaking ; the fir.t 23c and 60c each, at about hall tiins, just received, pair. $2.53 choice of two styles that have just I* en received from the fac- <^\ «<
** etant a' <c co H-re ' Eiderdown Flannels— -, 6 inchrs widr h-.w t TZ ] S the m * kIn S of Packets in habit- gjrlOO. Three qualities whit: and Arabian Bobinet for tory— one Vici Kid, lace, with welted extension soles and \ % S
fc . .i 0 «a., 5 . e0) n.rc S4mOO all co'ors " 'dsn back skirt?, and the second with th: methods 10x10 inches. .t3o aoxao inches..3Jo Curtains, per yard. . .300, 4 Oo, 5 Qo patent leather tips, with dull kid-top finish ; the other with %/ \ «J'
S k _ * ' ' V " '•"""* Y"r C" r l m 1 n /- '^.' t^.'.' \ "•'«'«' of making a tailor- . . 'rv-v'-r. ' , Eieht colors ( new Wlk Vici Kid taps— a handsome walking shoe, g>*% £%*% - j£k «
FaU styles in ttiff and soft hats for boy,, black Panne German Cotton Eiderdown F^s, made waist. The Rffl... Vlli^ik'MV ¦ tt 1 Ml C P th yd S/.OO in fuU line of si«s and widths ; per pair.. S2.O8 C7%gm$& X
I r.r:.. h ." tht .. rf -r: *i.«r aa^M^^^ I ggJB|s cauforma-s. CT T!ASA^^DisT\roRE. K:..Wo' P#;t%l ¦ "  p 5That the meeting does not meet with
the approval of many prominent mem
bers of the association was developed yes
terday. Many of the more- influential
merchants belonging to the association
are also members of the Employers' As-
A special meeting, of the Merchants'
Association vr\\\ be held In Golden Gate
Hall to-night to consider the industrial
conditions in 'San Francisco. Under this
head the strike and the best means of
restoring peace - between the warring
factions will be' discussed.
MERCHANTS WILL MEET.
Nels Larson, a deepwater sailor, who
came here looking for work, was knocked
down and kicked in the face by two men
at Drumm and Pacific streets yesterday.
A deep cash on the chin was sewed up
at the Harbor Hospital. . ¦
William Green, a non-union longshore
man, was treated at the Harbor Hospital
yesterday afternoon for a lacerated wound
of the left eye received in a scrimmage
with strikers In a saloon at the corner of
Mission and Steuart streets.
Al Rose, an electrician residing 1 on How
ard street, near fifth, reported to Captain
Dunleavy yesterday that he was beaten
and robbed of $90 Sunday night. Rose
said that he did not know how many men
¦were concerned in the attack, as the first
blow he was struck rendered him uncon
scious. The robbery occurred near his
residence.
the wharves work proceeded regardless
of the holiday.
Every effort is being made to expedite
the discharging of the salmon fleet. The
bark Fresno is discharging a considerable
portion of her carsro into the Ventura at
the Pacific street dock. -When the Ven
tura receives all the salmon her manifest
calls for 12,000 cases will be put aboard
the City of Puebla. The salmon will be
landed on the Pacific street dock from
the Fresno and trucked to the City of
Puebla at the Broadway dock. By this
means the non-union men will be enabled
to work inside an inclosure and will not
require police protection; as would be
necessary, if the flsh were hauled In drays.
It Is exDected that the lumbermen who
have ¦ vessels heavily laden tied up will
endeavor to break the blockade by quar
tering men on "bunk ships." following the
example of the Charles Nelson Company,
which is using the stern-wheel steamer
Oleum as a boarding-house for, the non
union men working for the firm. The la
bor leaders say that the lumbermen's
scheme will not prove successful., as
enough men to handle the lumber cannot
be secured. They also claim that the ex
pense connected with the floating board
ing-house plan Is too great to be continued
for any length of time.
H. G. Randall, president of the Bar
tenders' Union, announces that his union
desires it to be known that it is In no way
connected with the coming so-called bar
tenders* ball.
Union Not in Charge of Ball.
National Organizer Jefferson D. Pieree
and his wife left last nlg-ht on the Oregon
express for a trip through the Northwest,
where both expect to engage In the work
of organizing unions on the same lines as
were followed in this city. Prior to their
departure Mr. and Mrs. Pierce were en
tertained by friends. On Sunday after
noon they were the guests of Ed Rosen
berg, secretary of the San Francisco
Labor Council, and his wife, the dinner
being given in honor of Mrs. Rosenberg's
birthday. The guests were those who
have taken an active part in labor mat
ters during the past few months.. The
same guests were bidden- to a banquet
yesterday afternoon by Mr. and Mrs.
Pierce at the Lick House and a sumptu
ous menu was provided. '„
Organizer Pierce's Farewell Banquet.
Resolutions will be submitted demand
ing a settlement of the trouble on the
basis of a complete recognition of the
Brotherhood of Teamsters and the
power of that body to settle all disputes
between the employers and employes. It
is quite likely that this proposition will
provoke a stormy debate. It was stated
yesterday that the more conservative
members of the association will make
great efforts during the day to secure a
sufficiently large turnout to prevent the
dissatisfied minority from perfecting its
plans to rush through at a special meet
ing propositions which It would be im
possible, it is alleged, , to carry at a regu
lar meeting of that body.
The plan outlined for to-nig-hCs meeting
is to adopt resolutions calling upon the
Employers' Association to confer with
commltte.es of the strikers and arrange
for some basis of settlement. That a com
mittee will be appointed to confer with
the employers relative to the matter is a
foregone conclusion, unless.lt should
happen that the members who are averse
to mixing up in the strike should be in
the majority. In any event, the proceed
ings this A-ening promise to be of un
usual interest.
sociatlon. These have expressed no desire
at any time during the strike to mix up
in the affairs of the employers and strik
ers, and because of this a small minority
of the merchants -resolved upon the
special meeting In order to express their
views concerning what they term "the
apathy of the members of the executive
committee". of the Merchants* Association
in the matter of the settlement of the
strike.
'• ¦'¦-.' ' ' ,-'¦ i r -\--.' .";.;¦"¦¦ ;¦ - . ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ » ¦ "
Strike Leaders Wait Expectantly for ¦ Action by Draymen or Merchants
Association That May Furnish Key to Solution of Vexatious Local In
dustrial Problem, Though Settlement Does Not Seem to Be at Hand
WORK PROCEEDS ON THE WATER FRONT
UNINTERRUPTED BY STATE'S HOLIDAY
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 10, 1901.
Have you been to the State Fair? The
Southern Pacific sells up to and including
the 14th round trip tickets to Sacramento
for $3.73, for the State Fair. Great ex
hibit and fine races. Seven trains daily
Further information C13 Market street and
ferry depot.
NEW YORK. Sept. 9.-The directors of
the Merchants' Association to-day adopt
ed resolutions severely denouncing the
methods of anarchists: deploring the at
tack on President McKinley and recom
mending that laws be enacted which will
render it possible for the proper authori
ties to take summary measures against
those who express sentiments of an anar
chistic nature.
Advocate Summary Measures.
Miss Alice Tobin. a middle-aged woman,
recently from San Mateo. while returning
to her home at Fifteenth and Minna
streets, was assaulted last night near the
corner of Sixteenth and Valencia streets
by an*inknown man. Miss Tobin claims
the man approached her and said. "You
are my wife." striking her in the face.
She fell unconscious to the sidewalk/ and
was later removed to the Receiving Hos
pital. Her face bore indications of a
severe beating, although she claims but
one blow was struck.
Beats Woman on the Street.
DISASTROUS FLOODS RUIN
THE RICE CROP IN CHINA
Consul General Goodnow Reports That
the Empire Is Threatened
Witli Famine.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 9.— Under date of
Shanghai, July 25, Consul General Good
now reports to the State Department that
the most disastrous Hoods are prevailing
iii the valley of the Yang-tze River. He
understands that they are the worst
known by Europeans in that valley. All
the in the neighborhood of Wuhu
and Kiu Kiang are to a large extent under
water. The farms, especially in the rice
gTowing region about Wuhu, are so com
pletely flooded that there is no hope for the
crop this year. In addition to tills thou
sands of lives have been lost and un
known numbers rendered homeless by the
overflow. The stoppage of trade is "very
serious. The destruction of the crops in
the fields, and particularly the probable
loss of the rice crops In the district of
Wuhu. the great rice producing center,
will add famine to the other difficulties
besetting the empire.
Steel Works to Start.
JOLIET. 111.. Sept. fl.-Superintendent
Sheldon made official announcement this
afternoon that the Illinois Steel Works
here would start this week. Asked if a
start would be made with men outside of
the Amalgamated Association Superin
tendent Sheldon refused to answer. The
strikers held a meeting this morning td
hear the report «<f a committee sent to
Milwaukee on Sunday. The committee re
ported that a majority of the Bay View
, m«-;i are standing by the striko order. The
returned to Milwaukee to-night
to nee what effect the opening of the mills
there has had on the situation. The Joliet
¦strikers will hold another joint conference
to-morrow afternoon to hear their sup
plemental report and decide what to do.
The Boot and Shoe Workers' Union
adopted the following resolution last
night:
Resolved. That we. the members of Local
Union No. 216 of the International Boot and
Shoe Workers* Union, in regular session as
semhled, retard with horror the recent atro
cious attempt to assassinate our country's
President, William McKinley; and we pray
that he may quickly recover from his cruel
wounds with all his praml faculties unimpair
ed and live to achieve what he has beeun to
advance. American rreatnefs and the. world's
sum of happlnts*. GEO. W. TOOLEV, Pres.
ALBERT SCHOENAU. Rec. Sec.
Prayer for President's Recovery
Admission day was not celebrated by
the non-union hands employed on the ves
sels along the water, front, j A few of the
men made it a holiday, but on nearly' all
Salmon Fleet Vessels.
Special Efforts Made to' Unload
NO HOLIDAY ON WAITER FRONT.
"We have the situation, thoroughly In
hand. rThere are all sorts of rumors afloat
about the ease with which men can be
secured to take the places of the strikers,
but there Is -little If any truth in any of
them. We have representatives- of the In
ternational Sailors' Union all over the
East, and if the shipowners here were
meeting with any success in the efforts
to get nelp we .would know of it.
"After December 1, if the struggle lasta
that long, they may be able to get a few
men from the lakes, but the number will
be so small that it will hardly pay to
bring them here. ;
"A number of the men who have been
brought here by the shipowners are now
members of the union.: Last week we
added thirty names to our list and to
day we have added two. Not all "the
sailors that went out on strike are now
on . the 'beach.' A great many of them
have gone out as deepwater sailors. We
do not bother about the deepwater ships
and do not try to prevent them going. I
have seen 1200 sailors leave this port in
two rponths. so there is very little fear of
a surplus of sailors after, the strike is
settled." v u' "-i- "
Sailors Not Coining From East.
"We are being strengthened every day
by large additions to our strike guard.
The arrival of the fishing fleet from
Alaska means that we are $6000 richer, as
the men who come into this port on these
vessels are all In arrears for dues and
have. plenty of funds with which to pay
them. A great many of them will go
away to the country or. go home to Eu
rope until the commencement of next sea
son, so that they will be no expense to us.
I think we have decidedly the better of
the situation. Compare the statistics of
August a year ago with the figures show-
Ing the" amount of ¦ business, done last
month. Up at Port Costa only about 20
per cent of the usual amount of work is
being done, while here, on the front not
more than 10 per cent of the work to be
done is being accomplished. And this
work is costing a great deal more than It
would under ordinary circumstances. It
la true that a number of vessels have suc
ceeded in -getting*. out and I expect that
a great many others will get out. but
the number Is so small that we are) not
dismayed. Take the cases of the ships
that are coming into port. It now takes
two weeks to unload a vessel that before
the strike would be unloaded in three or
four days. Steamers that arrive and de
part usually inside of four days have to
stay here ten days before they can make
another trip. „ , -
Furuseth in discussing the situation
said yesterday: "1 am very" well satisfied
with 'the conditions as they exist at pres
ent. The men who are out are as strong
in their determination to win as they were
six weeks ago. when the strike com
menced. Not a man Is 'squealing.' There
are no signs of any weakness displayed,
and if the difficulty la not settled In an
other six weeks you will Hnd them every
bit as firm. And let me tell you right
here that when you hear that the strike
Is wearing itself out the 'wearing out' will
not be seen on the union side.
Furusetli Well Satisfied.
The other contingency is attempted In
tervention by the Merchants' Association.
While some have expressed the belief that
the association would urge upon the em
ployers the desirability of settlement,
even if some concession be necessary, the
strike leaders themselves are not expect
ing such course to be taken. Andrew
Furuseth regards the Merchants' Associa
tion and the Employers' Association as
being the two phases of a Dr. Jekyll and
Mr. Hyde existence, and he does not hope
that the one will bring pressure to bear
upon the other. ¦
ADMISSION day was not a holiday
on the water front. On all the
docks gangs of non-union men
were busy handling cargoes. In
the wholesale district there was
an almost entire cessation of work, and
the headquarters of the opposing leaders
in the industrial controversy were practi
cally deserted.
To-day will bring a. return of activity
In the two camps. There will be meetings
of the executive committees of the Em
ployers' Association and the Draymen's
Association., and ,to-nlght ...the,, Merchants'
Association will meet tcrdisciiss the strike
situation. The strike leaders, who have
been directing their efforts toward secur
ing a conference with the employers, will
watch the results of these meetings with
eager expectancy. They have hope, that
one at least of two, possible steps will be
taken. The draymen will consider fur
ther the terms of peace proposed by the
mediators from the Municipal Federation
of Improvement Clubs, and their accept
ance of the terms would be good news
to the teamsters. Few, however, even of
the most sanguine, expect such action to
be taken.
Thomas C. Hogan. Thcmas Furlon?. Charles
Reurke. Thomas McBride. David F. Kenney.
John Riley. John \V. Riley. Thomas Mc-
JCaraara. <". B. Rhod*. Henry Liebenbertr. Ed
ward H. Hammer. Patrick Dunr.egan. Thomas
F. Maher. John C. Byrne. James Costello,
Francis O. Hancock. Victor A. Hancock. Jules
F. Hancock. Frank J. Hancock. John \V. Cos
prove. Jame* Ouildea. Arthur T. McQuaide.
Frank McQuaide and James C. McQuaide.
The success of the outing is due mainly
to the efforts of Father Kug-ent. assisted
by the following committee of arrange
ments:
Mound Park.
Pleasant Afternoon Is Spent at Shell
The parishioners of £t. Rose's Church
held their annual Admission day picnic at
Shell Mound Park yesterday. Special
trains were run throughout the afternoon
between the ferries and the park, and
more than 3000 guests. were present to en-
Joy the festivities. The programme for
the day's entertainment consisted of
races, music and dancing. Game and
pate prizes to the valu.e of several hun
dred dollars were given away to the vis
itors.
Sam Malloy, a colored cook on the
steamer Charles Moody, was attacked by
a pane; of strikers at Third and Bryant
streets at 3 o'clock yesterday morning
when on his way to work. He was badly
beaten about the head and face. His In
juries, which consisted of a deep scalp
wound and contused and abrased wounds
of the head and face, were dressed at the
Emergency Hospital.
M. D. Walsh, a young boilermaker, who
has been in the employ of the Bristol Bay
Packing Company In Alaska, was held up
on Third street, between Mission and
Howard streets, and robbed of $S. after
which; he was beaten into insensibility.
George Adams, a striker, was shot in
the thigh last night by Richard Haskins.
a water-tender on the steamer Ventura.
Adams and three companions— Frank
Brannan, J. May and R. Castleman — at
tacked Haskins at the corner of Ellis and
Mason streets and Haskins defended him
self with a revolver, lie Is still at large
and the police are looking for him. Adams
was treated at the Emergency Hospital.
Assailants.
Non-Union M&n Wounds One of Four
ST. KOSE'S PARISH PICNIC.
SHOOTS IN SEI/F-DEFENSE.
Nevada City. Cal., September 6. 1901.
RICHARD BARKER.
In the Interest of fair play and justice I cannot permlt-a-gentle
man and a patriot to be slandered in the: columns 'of your news
paper without correcting it. Very respectfully;
During the wars with Spain and the Philippines six members of
the National Guard of California* who were in 'Mr. Spreckels' em
ploy, enlisted for the Government and the war. Mr. Spreckels kept
their names on his pay roll and every one of them drew $25 per
month from Mr. Spreckels during the time of his service. After
returning from the war he procured a situation for each one of
ihem. • " • :
There was no teaming of any kind done from the refinery dock
and no possible excuse for a strike five weeks ago. Last week every
one worked on Monday; on Tuesday morning- the stevedores came
and took the hatches off. when the walking delegate came over and
ordered the men to stop work. The stevedores put the hatches on and
left the dock. That, of course, threw over 600 men out of employ
ment, and only eleven men had anything to do with the union. Since
then, I see by the papers, one of the number went back to work and
has been beaten nearly to death: another, a machinist, who had been
steadily In the employ of the company for twelve years and never
belonged to any union, has been beaten nearly to death, and other
brutal tactics too numerous to mention. ¦ "* ..-.-.
Now. if the devil is entitled to his due, surely a public-spirited
American gentleman Is entitled to his due. I have worked a por
tion of every year for the past fifteen years In the employ of Mr.
Spreckels, and I brand every statement against J. D. Spreckels In
that statement as exactly opposed to the truth. The Spreckelses have
always and still are paying voluntarily the highest rate of wages
that are paid In San Francisco. At the Western Sugar Refinery
there are from 600 to 900 men working; there has never been on«
Chinaman, or Japanese worked there: there has never been a union,
and yet I never heard,any one complain about the rate of wages.
During all the hard times of • the Cleveland administration .when
every one else sent laborers" wages down, Mr. Spreckels kept his
men's wages up. There was only one union connected with the
whole arrangement and that was the Stevedores*, only recently or
ganized, numbering about eleven men... They discharged the sugar
from the ships on the dock: they were paid 50 cents per hour for
nine hours' work; overtime, they were paid 75 cents per hour. They
had no grievance and were entirely satisfied with their pay.
Editor Daily Morning Union and Herald: In this morning's edi
tion,of your esteemed paper there Is an article written by G. 'vT.
Lindsay, asking that the boycott should be placed where It belongs,
and after expatiating on consistency and fair play and giving the
devil his due starts In with ;i tirade of abuse against J. D.
Spreckels In the following language:' "J. D. Spreckels is directly
interested in bringing labor down to the lowest standard; he Is di
rectly Interested in seeking cheap Asiatic labor as against free
American labor; he is one of the men who deserves the condemna
tion of organized labor." ¦ .' .
He is one of the men who deserves the condemnation of organized
labor and his newspaper is the one that should be boycotted by
every man who has the laborers" Interests at heart. But It remains
to be seen. Will It? Tours respectfully, G. W. LINDSAY.
— Grass' Valley Union and Herald. September 6.
John D. Spreckels is directly interested in bringing labor down
to the lowest standard. He is directly .interested in seeking cheap
Asiatic labor as against free American labor. He Is only one of
the many enemies of organized labor who would sound the death
knell of labor unions were it in his power.
On 'the other hand, the San Francisco Call, under the present man
agement, has always defended "scab labor" and always will as long
as It Is under the present management. There is no instance where
a controversy has arisen between capital and labor that 'The Call
did not take the side of capital.
The editorial columns of any paper Is the place to look" for the
expression of that paper's policy and Its attitude toward any move
ment or any class of Individuals.
It is not for me alone to judge whether or not the Union and
Herald has Injured the cause of labor by printing the advertisement
In question, but I can state, without fear of contradiction, that dur
ing my residence of four years In Grass Valley there has never ap
peared an editorial comment in the Morning Union on the labor con
ditions In any part of the country thnt could be taken as anything
but friendly toward the laboring people. I take that to be the sen
timent of the paper and consider such a paper the workingman's
friend.
I believe In "giving the devil his due." 60 to speak, regardless
of race, color or political or religious beliefs, so I say that whatever
harm, if any at all. may have been done by the Union and Herald
in printing the advertisement which caused the boycott to be placed
on that paper it has been offset manifold by the' good the paper has
done the laboring people in this community in the pasj. And I very
much doubt if organized labor has suffered any through the printing
of such advertisement, or 'that it has sustained any benefit by a
boycott being placed on the paper printing it.
I refer to the San Francisco Call, and I respectfully call the at
tention of every member of the Miners* Union and all Bympathlzers
with the labor cause to an editorial in the issue 'of Sunday. Septem
ber 1, of said paper, and I ask them how they^can swallow that
editorial and then go on their way with' a clear conscience. If that
article is not a "defy" "and a slander of organized, labor then my
conception of the principles which organized labor stands for must
be very much In error.
Now If consistency is to be one' of the cardinal virtues of labor
organizations then why not straightway place a boycott on the San
Francisco Call?
If the Miners' Union of Grass Valley Is looking- fpr a newspaper
to boycott it might find one — without using any strenuous efforts to
discover it. either— on which a boycott would Justly fall, -without
causing any local strife. .. •
PROPOSES A BOYCOTT OF THE CALL PROPRIETOR FRIEND OF WORKINGMEN
Under the cnptlon of- "Place the Boycott Where It Belongs," there wan published In a late Issue
of the Grans Valley I'nion ami Herald n communication In which the writer asserts that The Call
and lta proprietor are enemies of iirKnni/ei) labor, "directly Interested In brlnglns labor iloirn to the
lorreat standard.".. In the next inane of the name nevrsjmper a reply to this communication vras pab
lished. the author of wlilcb hnd direct knowledge of the subject of which he wrote. Both letters
are printed below.
TWO VIEWS AS TO WHAT CONSTITUTES ENMITY TO LABOR.
8
•'GOLD DUST."
COAL. CO.tli AN > !>! i IWJV
J f WII SflV fc ffl S 00 Battery Street.
J-t-nilOUil tt UJ*t Telfiphone Main 1S6».
FRtiSri AND SALT MHATS.
JA^. RflVF^ £ C) shl PP'n* Butchers. 104
ja2- iiUiL3 a uj- C]ay . Te , Maln 1294
, • OILS.
LUBRICATING OILS. LEONARD &. ELLIS.
418 Front St.. S. F. Phone Main 1719.
LUBRICATING OILS. ENSIGN & MoGUF-
FICK. 23 Spear at.. S. F. Tel. Main C320.
PAINTERS AND DECO*?ATO"?S.
1 f ROMAINF 640 GOLDEN GATE AVE
J- V- IYUJ1AMC, Telephone Howard 1915.
Pioneer Dry Goods Store.
Bells. Ladles' and Children's Hose 6c a pair;
Ladles' Linen Skirts, 35c; Men's Fine Dress
Shirts, worth $1. for 40c. - at 105 Fifth street.
PR1NTIMJ.
F f JfI7fiHF^ PRINTER,? -N
C-?w. HUUflCS. 5U sannome st.. S. P.
PRINTERS. BOOKBINDERS.
THF HICKS-JUDD CO..
23 First- street. Ean Francisco.
AMUSEMENTS.
| * N i
MATINEE SATURDAT AND SUNDAT.
EVENINGS 8 SHARP. MATINEES 2 SHARP.
JOSEPH HAWORTH
In the Grandest Production of Stanislaus
Stange's Original Version of
"QUO VADIS"
EVER SEEN OX ANT STAGE.
PRICES 10c. 13c. 25c. 60c. 75c
Good Orchestra Seats all Matinees 25c.
Branch Ticket Office Emporium.
NEXT WEEK,
JOSEPH HAWORTH IN "RICHELIEU!"
A Red=Letter Week in Vaudeville
George W. Leslie and Company, Ern-
est Uogan, Libby, Trayer and
Gilbert, the Five Sunbeams, the La
Vallee Trio, Mile. Lotty, the Great
Powell and His Company, and the
Biog*raph. •
Reserved Seats. 25c; Balcony. 10c; Box Seats
and Opera Chairs. 60c. ¦ ,
- •> .
BE LAS CO *»*> TffJUJCSyujfl^
SECURE SEAtT^AVOID RUSH.
TO-NIGHT and Every Evening This Week.
The Greatest Triumph Known In Tears.
Ed w. Eisner's Spectacular Biblical Drama.
A VOICE FROM
THE WILDERNESS.
Engagement of th» Eminent American Actor.
ROBERT DOWNING.
200 People on the State— A Great Cast.
PRlCHS E™? 111 * 8 We 15c. »5c. 33c. EOo
fttlVCJ Matinees lOc. Iac. 25o
FISCHER'S concert~house.
r lOl/niin O AdmLslon 10c.
Von Suppe's "BEAUTIFUL. GALATEA."
Mae Tunison. Wren and Linden. Merle Stanton
June Mathias, Sam Holds worth and our un-
rivaled orchestra.
Reserved Seats. 23c. Matinee Sunday.
SUTRO BATHS.
OPEN.NIGHTS.
OPENDAILY , rom 7 a. m. to U p. m.
Bathing from 7 a. in. to 10:30 n. m
» -ADMISSION. 10c. CHILDREN? Bet
Bathing. Including admission. 25c: children. 20c.
PALACE
AND . th « attributes that tour-
> lets and travelers an-
GRAND S^teir^Ln^
HOTELS, S; SS^rrXrS:'
•.-¦.' ,.-¦-'{¦_•;-_. sine. '
San American and Euro.
* . ' pe*u plans.
Francisco..
AMUSEMENTS.
*^ r^^L^Jk^rf*s^L^-IL-ipL!^^|LJpH| i^ B |^ *
GOOD-BT PERFORMANCES THIS WEEK.
THIS EVENING
MR. JAMES ANDTH2
NEILL. NEILL
' W "¦— * * Am^Mmmf COMPANY.
*• PRESENTING 1
Dion Boucicaulfs Great Radnj Play
THE JILT.
To-morrow Nlght.A BACHELOR'S ROMANCE
SSSS Mv% u n r n 9 s .::::::::::::: A -Ro^ J M
Friday « h ™>\
NEXT SATURDAY NIGHT-THE DURNO-V
EMMETT COMBINATION. Mirth. Musfi
Mimicry. Magic. In conjunction with RICH-
a£S J fhS E aV Amerlca ' s Kreate8t —*-••»«-
STE > ER/- G ~ HOyt ' S VerT BeSt * " A TE XA3
*T!VOLI*
Eventngrs at 8 sham. Matinee Saturday at 1
sharp.
To-ntght. Thursday. Sunday Night and Sat-
urday Matinee.
"CAR-MEN."
With the Only COLLAMARINU T
Wednesday, Friday and Saturday i
"FAUST."
With tht Stronse»t Cast Ever Heard Her«t
POPULAR PRICES 25c. 50c. 739
Telephone Bu»h ».
VUL-UmDIA UADIHQ THEATEH
NU- S t?*r£ I 'AST MATINEE
NIGHTS. I SATURDAY.
Charles Frohman Presents , JL
ANNIE RUSSELL
In R. Marshall's Comedy of Romance.
AROYALFAMILY
— -NEXT MONDAT
THOS. O. SKME1ROOK.I3
In Sydney Rosenfeld's Romantic Comic Play.
—"A MODERN CRUSOE."
FLORENCE ROBERTS
Supported by WHITE WHITTL.ESET.
In Shakespeare's Best Comedy.
The Taming of
the Shrew.
EVERT NIGHT AT 8:15.
MATINEE SATURDAY AT i.
My Call $i.oo uerrf
ALTERATION SALE. 1
Enlarging our Market-st. store.
Our Market-street store is much too small, business is
increasing to such an extent that we must have more room.
Tains of new goods are fast arriving and we have no place
for them, so we must sacrifice stocks on hand in order to
make shelf room, consequently offer a remarkable li?t of
- specials for this week. You will have to excuse the ham-
mering and the noise and the *upset, for we will make it
w6rth your while to purchase, even though you must
undergo some inconvenience. Every woman in San Fran-
cisco should be interested. Sale begins to-day.
Colored Cashmeres for 5c a Yard.
A fair line of shadirig-s, including golden brown, royal purple, baby blue,
navy, etc. — 37 inches wide — just the thing for dancing costumes, fancy
tea gowns, etc. — on sale to-day.
For sale at Market-street store only. s
5Oc Fancy Persian Suitings for 19c a Yard.
Turquoise, cardinal, reseda, new blue, olive and goblin, all combined
with black — neat, stylish patterns, silk figured effects and a stronsr. ser-
viceable 40-inch fabric for wrappers, children's school dresses, etc.— on
sale to-day.
For sale at Market-street store only. • ¦
81.00 Irish Frieze Homespuns for 49c a Yard. **"* *f
A splendid cloth for outing suits, short skirts, bicycle costumes, etc — 56
inches wide, light and dark Oxford gray mixtures, also black — a remark-
able value — on sale to-day. , ,
For sale at Market-street store only.
25c Silk Striped Plaids for lOc a Yard.
Always sold at 250 — double fold and a fine material for children's winter
dresses — nothing like it ever shown for double the price — on sale to-day.
For sale at Market-street store only.
$4.00 Pure Wool Blankets for $2.95 a Pair.
Fine, big, heavy, double bed blankets— pure, soft, fleecy, California
wool — dainty red. pink or blue borders— our great $4 blanket — this is a
i remarkable offer — to go on sale to-day.
For sale at Market-street store only. •*
SI. 50 Comforters for $1.19 Bach-
Think of it — a fine double bed silkaline comforter, filled with pure white
cotton, tufted with fine zephyr wool, in beautiful dark and medium shad-
ings, with a plain lining— would be a great special at $1.50— sale begins at
8 a. m. to-day.
For sale at Market-street store only.
$1.25 Bedspreads 95c Each.
Everybody knows our great $1.25 Marseilles patterned spread*; — they are
extra large and very heavy — these go on special sale to-morrow at the
above-mentioned price.
For sale at Market-street store on'y.
16 2-3c Huck Towels 12^c Each.
A favorite towel for hotel, boarding-house and family use — a heavy linen
huck towel, well hemmed, with red and blue bordere — 100 dozen were
bought at a tremendous saving — these are the regular 16 2-3C kind, and
go on sale at 8 a. m. to-day.
For sale at Market-street store only.
1\ic English Flannelette 4c Yard.
For ladies' skirts and gowns and children's wear — a good quality in me- W
dium shades — stripes and plaids predominate — generally sold at 7J4c T
yard — on sale to-day.
For sale at Market-street s'ore only.
A SPECIAL FOR SALE AT BOTH STORES.
Plush Velours —
Just the thing for portieres, chair coverings and cushion tops — in all col-
ors and patterns and in the very latest designs— our great 75c line— will
be placed on sale to-day in both stores at 45c yard
A WEEK'S news ror 5 c*nl*— The Weekly Call.
IS pager. In trraijper, tor mailing, Jl per year.
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE UAMIANa' BITTEKS.' THE
treat Mexican 'remedy, gives health and
Ktreni-tn to sexual organs. Depot, 323 Market,
LAKEPORT AND BARTLETT SPRINGS
STAGE LINE.— Hopland to Bartlett Springs,
via Lakeport. carrying parsengrrs for Lake-
port and Bartlett Springs. Stages connect
with trains at Hopland. Leave Hopland at
i;:30: arrive at Lakeport at 2:»0; arrive at
Bartlett Springs at 7:30. New C-horse 14-pas-
senjrer tourist wagons, made to order for this
frtage line, with all the most modern Improve-
ments. Passengers for Lakeport' or Bartlett
Springs call for tickets by Bartlett Springs
Stage L'.ne.
MILLER & HOWARD. Proprietors.
P. O. EL VKRANO. Cal., Vprano Station
<Kln«tE Crosfilnp). on California Northwestern
Railway. Hot mineral baths n»-ar by. 'Terms
i\ i>er day and upward. PETER GOUILHAR-
JX>U. Lessee.
SELLEVUE HOTEL.
H. R. BRADFORD. General Manager. !
¦ ¦ . . 7 North Market *t.. San Jose.
- Prospectus and. exhibits at 'branch office, 413
Kearny et., Ean Francisco. ¦ . ;. ¦ ¦
, F. DE FREITAS. Agent
To raise money to build a. large furnace on
this 'mine we will sell treasury stock for SOe
per share until further notice." Silver Creek
Quicksilver Mining Co. stock Is all sold and
]Esued, and we are now producing quicksilver.
Investigate this offer.
QUICKSILVER MINE
BRADFORD
SAN BEN1T0C0.
The only place In the Unitpia States where
Vi<-hy Water is abundant. The only natural
Electric Waters; Champagne Baths; Springs
Numerous; Baths UnequHlr-d. Three miles from
trklah. J. A. REDEMEIEB * CO..
Proprietors.
VICHY SFfflBCS,
The most attractive summer and winter re-
FOrt In Lake County. Boating, bathing howl-
ing, tennis. n*w livery, walks and boats. A
marine tob^cpen 160 fp«t lonqr. Write for cir-
cular. EIXJAR DITRNAN, Laurel Dell Lake
County, Cal.
LAUREL DELL LAKE.
Call on L. D. CRAIG, 315. or Traveler Offlc*
20 Montgomery Ft., or MRS. KATE J. WIL-
LETTS. roctn (A. Flood building. San Fran-
cisco, or write to CRAIG & WARNER, man-
aEers. Highland Springs, Cal.
The months of September and October at
Highlands are simply beautiful, bright, nanny
«Jay«, cool nights. Huntlnp. Fishing. Riding.
Driving. Every Comfort and Amusement.
Rates from September I to May I,
Sf 0 and S12 per week; S35, S40
and S45 per month.
HIGHLAND
SPRINGS:::
~~*i~45r--z
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalcg-ues and Prlc3 Lists Mailed
on Application.
DIRECTORY
BILLIARDS. POOL AND BAR FIXTURES.
St. Germain Billiard Co.. late Jacob Strahle
& Co. (est'd. 1832), 409 Market St.; uoon ln-
Etallment or rented; also beer apparatus.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
W& Throo tinsos a day, 1O9S times a year, iho E||
Us /FTS/^bAf £F*Qi BF&E3 B£$*"W t^ns will make your dish-washir* easy. WS
tM M'SSBH BK gTBttjStk mT The di3hes wil1 5hine brighter and bo Wm
Ey '&*9%JMmMbdP BWWV0 cleaner than soap or anything else could Egg
en •*<-¦•<,-..-.¦ .. ¦ > • ••¦-- make them. '¦. There is no cleaning that fel
gS| GOLD DUST win not tSo better, easier and cheaper than soap or any other cleanser. • ¦ K9
MB .• - '. THE N. K. FAIRBANK COMPANY. Chicago. St Louis. New York. Boston. . \ MB
" « ¦
W-.':\. % \ ' '. ':'./. f% .sr '¦ -¦¦' feSS if ¦ % I i
H I 1 III
V - •¦¦ Hill
* A WHITE PATH.
pS^S^HERE is only one kind of Cleanliness, but
?|F£§& there are many lands of soap. There is
IsyLp:; only one destination, but there are many
k&*^ft : i paths that lead to it. If you want the short-
est and safest road to Cleanliness, it is paved with
Ivory Soap. Neither man nor clothes ever get
beyond the cleansing power of Ivory Soap. Its rich,
creamy lather extracts every particle of dirt; but
it stops at the dirt ! Ivory Soap— it floats.
carraiOMT i.« •» thi mocTtn * eunf eo. onciknati"The Manchester; (England) School Board
has 47,000 scholars on the books and '1577
teachers. There are 16,399 pupils and 966
teachers -in ;the/ evening; schools." , - -• - ? • ,
':-V- ; .--^ ¦¦- ¦''¦ .•¦¦:>«,? ;.-?*:.- '::!i''..A : <-i;--.-:~,.O'.V\ -.•
President Resting Quietly;
MILBURN HOUSE, ; BUFFALO, Sept.
10.— Dr. ParkeYcame downstairs at 3:15
a. in. and reported that the President was
resting quietly. Everything apoears quiet
at the Milburn : house. - ¦ ¦
: Ignites Powder in His Mouth.
; MOSCOW,'? Idaho,- Sept;; 9.—The" 12-year
old' son of C..A. Gummere,. a-farmer liv-
Mr. Jefferson Invented the copying press.
He' writes to Mr., Madison in 1787: "Hav
ing a great desire to have a portable copy
ing machine.and having studied over some
experiments with the principle of large
machines • made ' to apply In the smaller
one. I planned one in- England* and had it
made. It. answers- perfectly; « I have set
a workman to making them, and they are
of such demand^ that .he, has his hands
f ull. : I send you one; % Youmust expect to
make many essays before you succeed
perfectly. A soft brush, like a shaving
brush. Is more successful than a sponge."
He slso sent a copying press: to the Mar
quis de Lafayette as a present:'. He'in
vented .the revolving chair,' now a. familiar
and "necessary, article | of furniture .In all
offices aira counting rooms.-'-The Federal
ist newspapers used to call it "Mr. Jeffer
son's whirligig" and declared that. he had
devised. It "so. as-to look, all ways at
once/'-^-Chlcago Herald.,...-; -.,-•"-•..-
Jefferson as an Inventor.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 9.— A suggestion
was thrown out'in the 1 executive depart
ments to-day that U would be^proper for
the- American' people to: do' something for
the colored ' man; Parker, whose prompt
action possibly- saved ( the President's, life.
The .- would-be .assassin .himself- * com
plained that It was the stunning., blow
delivered .by Parker that, prevented him
from firing . another shot. Inquiries, are
being ' made • for, Parker's , full - name and.
history. ....-,; .- - • ,, -. .---'.¦ :. ' . 7 .
Reward for Parker
TOUND DEAD IN REAR
ROOM OF A. SALOON
Santa Hosa Coroner's Jury Concludes
That Aged John Huber "Was
Murdered. •. .
SANTA ROSA. Sept. 9.— The , body of
John Huber, a German, 63 years old, was
found in an old bunk back of Kobler*s
saloon at Mount Olivet at 6 o'clock this
morning. ! The' verdict of .'the Coroner's
jury this afternoon was that death came
at the hands of unknown persons.
Huber was a hop-picker... He had been
drinking heavily yesterday and at night
went to sleep in the rear room of the
saloon with two -white men and- two
negroes. One of the white men, Miller by
name, is missing, but the other, Antone
Bossman, Is In the custody of .the Sheriff.'
The. fact that Huber and these two men
had been together all of yesterday and
that Huber's money was missing this
znorning directed suspicion toward, his
companions. . --. • I
Coroner Pierce said that the. evidence, in
his opinion, did not warrant the verdict
rendered, as there were no visible marks
of violence. ¦ The' dead man had I suffered
from fever and ague of late and some be
lieve that this was the cause of his death.
Drunken Indian Killed by a Marshal.
SANTA FE, N. M., Sept. 9.— While ar
resting a drunken Indian who had a re
volver at Gallup, Marshal McCoy, killed
one Indian and badly wounded another.
The Indians .had killed McCoy's horse and
were shooting at him while fleeing. Mc-
Coy gave himself up.
Peruvian Cabinet Resigns.
LIMA. Peru, Sept. 9.— The Peruvian
Cabinet resigned this afternoon. • . .
Hope is the froth that hides the' dregs
In life's cup. ; . ;-;•/--:
, Southern-Pacific, will .sell tickets Sep
tember 6, "7 and 8, good on any train, re
turn HmitVruesday, September 10, to Lake
Tahoe and return" for $10.80. Stop- at any
lake resort. ; Fine fishing, boating,' moun
tain climbing, , hunting, etc. -. -Best tlnie to
be In the mountains. Ask for. folder .613
Market^ street. ..,., 7 . : -.. ; .
Excursion to Lake Talioe.
PARIS, Sept. 3.— Feridoun Bey, head of
the Turkish police in Paris and the right
hand man of Munir Bey. the Turkish Em
bassadur, has' been ordered to quit France
within forty-eight hours.
Ordered to Quit France.
Police Officer Luke. H. Harrison, of -the
Seyenteenthjstreet station, while alight-
Ing from a car at the. corner; of Seven
teenth and Howard streets, slipped and
fell on, his face on the basalt pavement.
He was "taken to the- Railroad Hospital,
where it was found 'that his ldwer Jaw
was fractured. He was later. removed to
his home- at El Dorado street and Bry
ant avenue. . ¦-:..-,. • .: •
Police bfficer- Breaks* His ; Jaw.
CHICAGO, Septi' 9.— Po6ce. and secret
service officials are convinced that Emma
Goldman, whose revolutionary speeches
suggested .to Czolgosz his first thought of
attempting President McKinley's life. Is in
this city. ;-"¦¦¦¦.'.? ": ¦' " ii ''.¦' ' .¦
A young man who represented himself
as a- friend of ' Miss . Goldman called at
the general delivery bureau of the Chi
cago postofflce to-day and Inquired for
mail in her name. 'It happened at the
time that a substitute was in charge of
the window and, not thinking of the val
uable 'clew that was thus presented of as
certaining the whereabouts of the woman,
the clerk permitted the man to go with
out hindrance. .,.-," N ' '.
Goldman Woman in Chicago.
SHENAXGO. Pa., Sept. 9.— In the course
of an address to the United Mine Work
ers here to-day and afterward In an in
terview. President John Mitchell said he
-would counsel the men to demand recog
nition of the union and an eight-hour day
at the expiration of the term of agree
ment with the mining companies on the
1st cf next April.
To Demand Shorter Hours.
C. M. Stanley, a member of the Chroni
cle art staff, dropped dead while «t work
at the office of that paper at 5:30 yester
day afternoon. His death was sudden,
but not entirely unexpected by those who
were ¦ acquainted- -with him;.- for he ( had
been, in- bad- health 'for a, long time. : Dr.
Bunnell was summoned as. soon es possi
ble after the attack yesterday, but Mr.-
Stanley was dead when the- physician
reached his ; side. The " Morgue officials
were notified, and after' -learning tha
circumstances surrounding, the death
granted permission .for- the- body ''to be
removed to an undertaking establishment
Mr. .Stanley was 24^years old and was a
native' of Illinois. Heart disease is sup
posed to have Caused the' death. %i
Expires in Art Boom.
/.WASHINGTON," Sept." 9.-Second Assist
ant- Postmaster.- .General . Shallenberger
summarily, canceled. the contract of a 1 mall
carrier for 'expressing satisfaction '.over
the shooting of President McKlnley.y.The
name of the person\thus dealt ! with, is
Charles F. Cortrfghtr. and he had a'.con
tract-'-for carrying': the mail between
Homer, Cortland County, N. Y./and Spaf
ford.in Onondaga County, the same State.
The information concerning- his offense
came* - to - the "Postofflce Department
through the postmaster . at Homer, -who
inclosed affidavits- from." four citizens' of
the'* dace ' confirming" his • report. It ap
pears that when Cortright' first received
the announcement of the news of the ; at
tempt > upon •' the President's life rheire
marked. with an . oath j that . he was "glad
of i it.'" T- and -; added -that the 'President
should have . been • killed . years - ago. .-;,::"
Unfit to /Carry Mail.
Harry Kline, spoken of as one of the
anarchist leaders of the city, a ' self
avowed anarchist of .the r Tolstoy ¦. school
and the man at whose house Emma Gold
man stopped when : in Cleveland last
spring, was appointed to a position in the
Engineer's Department of the city govern
ment by Mayor Tom Johnson., r - -¦' * •- •-
While the Cleveland police on Sunday
announced the belief that there were no
others involved" in the attempt to kill the
President aside from, the man who-made
the attempt on his life, the Buffalo '"police
and secret officers say that Czol
gosz had accomplices and they are search-
Ing for. them.' ¦ '.; - , ...'••'
-Captain^ Abbott, former . Director of
Police of the city of Cleveland and- now
the United States. secret service officer In
charge at* Cleveland, • has bee"n recalled
from Michigan to meet and confer with
Chief 'Ireland, the head- of the national
detective force. Chief ' Ireland was ex
pected to reach Cleveland to-day and tele
grams from- Buffalo announced his- de
parture for-thls city. • United States Dis
trict "Attorney-: Sullivan, admitted 7 that
Chief Ireland was in Cleveland or;would
come here, but Insisted that he was not at
liberty :to say, anything more about 'what
was being done' or. undertaken. \- .-. • ¦• '
- CLEVELAND, Sept. 9.— Paul Czolgosz,
father of. the. man who attempted the
assassination of the President of the
United States, Is now In the employ of the
city: of, Cleveland." •„ He was placed."on the
payroll 1 of the Street'Department to-day. •
pected of Being Accomplices
- of Czolgosz.
Police Are Looking, for Those Sus-
FATHER OF ASSASSIN
IN THE CITY EMPLOY
Christ tasted, the' gall of sin ; without
knowing its guilt. ' • .•
PROVIDENCE, R. I., Sept. 9.— Bobby
Walthour.was in fine form at the Coli
seum to-nleht and got a string of new
marks. He was slated to meet Stlnson,
bur the latter was ill, and Champion took
his place. Champion was out of training
and was lapped eleven times. Waltnour
lowered all world's records from eighteen
to twenty-five miles,, placing the new
marks as follows: 18, 26:58 3-5; 19, 28:27 1-5;
20, 29:561-5; 21,^1:24; 22, 32:52 4-5; 23, 34:22:
24, 35:001-5: 25, 37:17.
Walthour's New Marks.
"At that time the law-abiding and lib
erty loving people were condemning tho
act. It is humiliating to have to admit
that certain elements in Kentucky, if they
did not openly approve the act, were at
least willing to excuse it, and many .were
willing to shield the criminal. ;.The? pul
pits as a rule sent up no supplication to
the throne of ?race that the life of Wil
liam Goebel might be spared, and If there
were any ¦ prayers they were', secret
prayers that the life of that brave 'citizen
should hot be .spared, but that the party
who was making the contest, for office
should be his successor." «
"While this Is the case, and our citizens
are gathering In public assemblages ex
pressing their condemnation at the act,
and while the pulpits are sending up pe
titions to the throne of grace that the
life of the President may be spared, I de
sire to say, in all candor, that not two
years have passed since a similar tragedy
was enacted in this State, when William
Goebel was shot . .
After eloquently deploring the attempt
ed assassination of - President McKlnley,
Judge Cantrili taid: 5 ''•-<'
FRANKFORT, Ky., Sept 9.-In his ln-
Etructions to the Grand Jury to-day Judge
James . E. Cantrill, who had presided at
the Goebel conspiracy trials, made some
sensational statements in^ regard to the
feeling which existed here during the
week preceding the assassination of Gov
ernor Goebel, compared with that now
existing over the shooting of President
McKinley. He declared that much of the
crime that has stained Kentucky has been
due- to the grand and petty juries' dere
liction of duty.
The injured. Louis Hammond. Wood
man, -Wis.. will lose foot; Frank Howard,
South Bend, Ind., chest and body crushed,
leg broken in two places; P. C. Kauck
and A. Steinart of Lehigh. Kans., both
slightly hurt in the back; C. B. Perry,
Grinnell. la., bad fracture of the arm and
shoulder; E. C. Long, Glenham, S. D., les
broken in two places and breast crushed.
One unknown man
R. D. VICKBRS, supposed to be from
Chicago. -
H. J. KIRKPATRICK, Elden. la.
. ROBERT GLENNICK, Cayuga, Ont
JOHN T. GALLEY, Clearwater. Kans.
JAMESTOWN. N. D., Sept 9.— A North
ern Pacific train of seven freight cars and
two passenger coaches collided with an
engine In the Jamestown yard to-day,
killing five men and injuring several. Tha
dead: :;
Contractor Yadin was riding eastward
in a cart on the Ashland-Klamath Falls
stage route. When about thirty-five miles
east of Ashland he'was confronted by a
vigorous looking fellow on horseback, who
demanded to know if Yadin had any
money. The Inquiry was accompanied by
the presentation of a revolver. Yadin
handed over his loose change, amounting
to $1 E5. The highwayman declined to
take a watch which the stage contractor,
jocularly offered him. Yadin had $13. in
a book in his vest pocket, but the robber
did not demand any more than the small
coin. - ' " . '". • ' . ' -'.'¦-
Following his encounter with Yadin the
robber stopped two other travelers, but
obtained nothing from one and only 40
cents from the other./ >
With a - number of men from a neigh
boring logging camp Yadin went In search
of the highwajman and overtook him at
a ranch a few miles farther on, where
he was "waiting for a: supper he had or
dered prepared. He was arrested without
trouble. - ¦ .
. Prestoon was brought to Ashland on
Thursday, admitting his guilt and claim
ing he was going from Sisson. Cal:, to
Lakeview in search of work. Ho was
"broke" and" took the hold-up method of
recouping his fortunes. In the District
Court he pleaded guilty and was sentenced
by Judge H. LT Benson to_five years' ser
vitude. -" . • ¦ . ¦
: ASHLAND, Or., Sept. 9.— James F. Pres
toon. the highwayman who held up Stage
Contractor J. L. Yadin one week ago, is
now journeying .toward the State peni
tentiary in Salem In custody of Sheriff
Alex Orme, to serve a five-year sentence
imposed for highway robbery. The crime,
capture, trial and sentence have all taken
place in the record-breaking time of one
week. -
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Judge Can trill Speaks
Bitterly of Governor's
Assassination.
¦ Morning spent last winter In Cairo, and
while there made several journeys into
Arabia, visiting Mount Sinai, and began
.prospecting. He found some turquoises
and made arrangement for the purchase
of the mountain, and to-day is heard the
whirr of mining machinery and the noise
of blasting where once is said to have
sounded the thunders of Jehovah.
Morning. has done this, despite the in
junction contained In Exodus— xlx:12-13:
"Take heed to yourselves that ye go not
up into the mount or touch the border of
it: whosoever toucheth the mount shall
surely, be nut to death. There shall not
an hand touch It. but he shall surely be
'stoned' or shot through. Whether it be a
beastjor a man, it shall not live."—Colum
bus Press-Post. /
Thirteen years ago MornirT, then 12, dis
appeared from his home in Newport. An
investigation has convinced Mrs. Morning
that the mining engineer and owner of
Mount Sinai is her lost son and an attempt
will be made to communicate with him.
From Cairo, Egypt, comes word that
Charles Morning, mining engineer, and be
lieved to be a former Newport (Ky.) boy of
that name, has bought outright the Mount
Sinai of holy writ, located on the little
peninsula between the Red Sea and the
Gulf of Persia.
Kentuckian Owns. Mount Sanai.
FivD Passengers Killed
and Several Badly
Injured.
Miss Bell 6tt, one of the prettiest young
women of this city, was*, chosen- Fire
Queen to-day. Her father is a past chief
and founder of the local Fire Department.
Miss Ott becomes an honorary member
of the Veterans' Association. _
SANTA BARBARA, Sept. 9.— The Vet
eran Firemen of San Francisco spent the
day here picnicking.' They' arrived nearly
200 strong last night. During the fore
noon there was a parade and a barbecue,
and the afternoon was spent at the now
bath house, where a concert was given
by the Veteran Band. There were
speeches by ex-Mayor Edmund M. Burke
of the local department and by Colonel
Andrews of the Veterans. To-night the
Armory was crowded, the event being a
reception tendered the Firemen by the
local department.
VETERAN FIREMEN'S PICNIC.
Highwayman in Peniten
tiary a Week After
Hold-Up.
"Dr. Doyle is absent and in a safer
n'ace. I"ve trleBTlo present the character
he created without much damage, and in
the praise to-night there is enough left
for.ine. I feel that I am among "friends."
Gillette, after standing motionless for
six minutes, while a part of the* gallery
roared its Insults and the other portion cf
the house applauded, said:. -. *
Downstairs the verdict was that the
play is a linished melodrama, save for
some commonplace "business" in Mor
laj-ity's underground office. '
LONDON. Sept. 9.— William Gillette,
who opened at the Lyceum Theater last
night in "Sherlock Holmes," had great ex
pectations to meet, but he answered them,
with the exception of a persistently vio
lent gallery that interrupted the perform
ance during every act by "booing" and at
the finish endeavored to prevent Gillette
from making a speech.
lette's Interpretation of Sher
25* lock Holmes.
Dc Not Take Kindly to Actor Gil-
GALLERY GODS OFTEN
INTERRUPT PERFORMANCE
BOSTON. -Sept. 9.— For the first time as
a ''three-per-cent. party .'* with "full rights
to nominate candidates, for State offices,
the Democratic Socialist party met in
convention to-day.
Representative Carey of Haverhill was
permanent chairman. On the matter of
resolutions the convention squarely con
demned Czolgosz and sympathized with
the President. • ' - •
The platform Included the usual declara
tion--of principles and favored the adop
tion of the initiative and referendum. The
ticket named follows: f
For Governor, George H. Wrenn,
Eprir.gfield. -
Lieutenant Governor, Charles H. White,
Boston.
Secretary of State. A. H. Dennett, Mid
dleboro. .'•
Treasurer, W. P. Bosworth, Brooklyn.
Resolutions of sympathy with the work
. men now in a struggle with the United
States Steel Corporation were adopted.
Massachusetts State Convention Con-
demns Czolgosz and Sympa
- - thizes-With President. -
SOCIALIST PARTY
MA-rTF*? 1 NOMINATIONS
OREGON JUSTICE
MOVES SWIFTLY
TRAIN COLLIDES
WITH AN ENGINE
ingriear Moscow, was- instantly killed by
a powder explosion to-day. The boy was
noticed to have a powder horn in his hand
and called to his sister, "I'm going to take
a smoke." A moment afterward there
was a muffled report and the young lady
turned in time to see the boy fall on the
floor dead. Examination showed that the
boy had put the small end of the horn in
his mouth, lighted a match and applied
it to the powder. The whole force of the
explosion had been inward, the inside of
the boy's head being . reduced to a jelly
while the face was entirely unmarked.
The' various organizations represented
at- the meeting submitted to the confer
ence the names of. men they : considered
suitable as ¦ candidates -for Mayor. All
these namestwere given to a committee of
nineteen, which Is . to report back to .the
conference, in -nine .days. . The names sub
mitted were: John Dewitt Warner, George
Foster Peabody, Seth Low, George L.
Rives, R. P. Cutting, Hermann Ridder,
Ludwig Nissen, Charles A. Schieren, A.
R. Lawrence. John D. Crimmins, E. E.
Anderson, J. H. Robb, J. A. Cantor,
Charles S. -Falrchild, R. S. Ransom, C.
V. Fornes,' J. J F. Daly, Eugene Phllbin,
Edward Cooper, Smith Ely, William R;
Grace, Abram S. Hewitt and William
Baldwin Jr. ' . "
NEW YORK, Sept. 9.— Th© representa
tives of the fifteen organizations com
prising the anti-Tammany general con
ference met to-night to begin a series of
sessions until union candidates for Mayor,
Controller and President of the Board of
Aldermen have been agreed upon. Nearly
the full representation from each of
the conference committees was present.
Colonel Willis L. Ogden presided.
ganizations Submit List of
*N"ames for Mayor.
ANTI-TAMMANY
CONFERENCE IS ACTIVE
Representatives of the Fifteen Or-
Dr. Mann -said that- some nourishment
had been administered to-day in the form
of an enema and he had taken water in
the stomach. It was found that cold
water did not agree with him and instead
hot as the President can bear it is being
given him. The President's bowels are
moving- freely and this is considered an
excellent . symptom.
"You may assure your clientele that all
goes well. President McKInley's condition
could have hardly, been more satisfactory.
Furthermore you may impress and em
phasize the fact that bulletins issued state
the truth." '* - v
"Besides," he said, "the cases are utter
ly different. : Garfield's wound was an ex
tremely unfortunate one In every way. ' It
was difficult to handle; it was impossible
to get at the bullet, while the wound of
President McKlnley is In many respects
a lucky one. No comparison is possible."
Turning to the correspondent Dr. Mc-
Burney said: .
Dr. Mc3urney was asked to compare the
GarfieVd case and the treatmentrwlth that
of President McKinley. He smiled as he
replied' to do' so would be to give the
whole history of the progress of surgery
during the -last twenty years.
"That is true, perhaps," said Dr. Mc-
Burney, somewhat deprecatingly, .'.'but It
is entirely, unusual. If thePresident con
tinues to Improve for. a.*. week," ¦. he -con
tinued, "we may safely- say he is a con
valescent. It will probably-be three weeks
before it will be safe to move him. We
must wait until the outer wound is healed
and strong. ' The inner wounds, through
the stomach proper, will be strong before
the exterior wound is. How long it will
be before he will- be able to sit up will
depend upon the rapidity of his improve
ment and I may say to you further that
his Improvement, If ifcontinue. promises
to be rapid." -.. .'
"But I have known a case," put in Dr.
Mann, who was with the noted surgeon,
"to go well for ten days and then change
for the worse."
"No bad symptoms have appeared," said
he. "No one can say now that the Presi
dent Is out of danger and for a week still
the possibility of complications may exist.
At the end of that time, : if all goes well,
we may be able, to say that he is con
valescent." ¦ . • , — • -
MILBURN HOUSE, BUFFALO, Sept.
9. — Dr. McBurney said after the issue of
the 3 o'clock bulletin that all the indica
tions continued favorable. .
provement in the President's
Symptoms.
Attending Physicians Tell of the Im-
cablegram was received at the State De
jartment to-day: -*•- . . - -^.
•PEKING. Sept 9.— Protocol signed
September 7. Rockhill left 8th.
"CONGER."
Commissioner Rockhill has been trving
to etart home from Peking since August
1. He was authorized to leave then by
Secretary Hay. but naturally desiring to
r.nish the important work he had under
taken In connection witn the protocol, he
remained until the finishing touches had
been added and th'e document signed.
Rockhill has added greatly to the esteem
in which he was held at the State De
partment and in diplomatic circles by the
skillful ttjanner, in which he conducted.
the negotiations for the United States un-;
cer conditions that antagonized him with
fome-of'tbe most--suiroirdiploma£g of the
world: ¦ f Se"-*flll-tiow~lias'ten- riome ~to be"
present at *he Pan-American Congress in;
the City of Mexico next month. ¦
Leaves tlie Chinese Empire Imme
diately After the Signing of
the Protocol.
WASHINGTON. Sept. 9.— The following
C020IISSI01JER RTXTK-FTTTT. .
STARTS HOME FEOM PEKING
NOT OUT OF DANGER,
BUT CONDITION BETTER
Martin's friends here profess to be alto
peiht-r ignorant of the cause that led to
the postponement. "There 6eems to be
plenty of time," is all they will say
Miss Jennie Blair, who was getting
ready to go East to be present at. the
wedding-, suddenly decided to abandon her
Eastern tri;\ and everybody else who was
lalkir.g of the Newport wedding suddenly
ceased making preparations.
The news of the postponement of the
wedding of Peter Martin and Miss Llllie
Oe'.richs was not altogether unexpected
in local social circles. The customary
two weeks previous to the date set for
the happy event had come and gone and
es no wedding invitations were received
matters began to take on a -very "post
poned ' air. Then it was known that Mrs.
Kleanor Martin, the mother of the groom,
was making absolutely no preparations
for an Eastern visit, and also that Walter
Martin and liis young bride were not busy
buying wedding presents.
No leason has been made public for th©
postponement of the wedding. The young
lady's family refuse to discuss the sub
ject, and the young couple decline to
make any explanation. They are con
stantly in each other's society and to all
appearances are very devoted to one
another and very much in love.
The postponement of th« wedding,
which, according to rumor, was to have
been celebrated on the 17th of* this
month, meets with the approval of the
interested parties. In fact, Mr. -Martin,
ardent lover that he is, has declared
thera was no immediate hurry for the
weddirg. end. taking advantage of the
postponed day. he has made his plans for
the autumn and winter months. These
plans are both of a pleasurable and busi
ness nature and will completely fill the
months that are to intervene before the
auspicious spring day.
NEW YORK, Sept. 9.— The marriage of
Miss Llllie Oelrichs and Peter D. Martin
has been postponed. The wedding bells
¦will not ring out for the happy young
couple until next spring. This Informa
tion was given out to-day by the family
of the charming fiancee, who at the same
time took occasion to deny the reported
breaking off of the engagement.
According to the Berlin correspondent
of the Daily Express United States Con
sul General Mason has expressed the opin
ion that an International conference will
meet ere long to discuss the subject.
- Nothing further has transpired as to the
tour of Emperor Nicholas, but there Is
confirmation of the report thatthe French
authorities are taking extraordinary pre
cautions for his safety;
The Daily News alone utters an editorial
warning against the danger to free gov
ernment and free opinion involved in such
repressive measures, which "would easily
result in confounding the innocent with
the guilty."
Two proposals are. now advocated by the
British and foreign papers. The first is
to 'hold another international conference
with the view of the organization of an
international police force, whose sole duty
would be to keep watch upon such crim
inals. ¦ ¦ ¦ ; ¦ :
The second is to treat anarchist propa
ganda as crime.
"The auestlon of 'how to deal with an
archism Is discussed on every side. It is
felt that if the President happily, recovers
he. will not have suffered in vain if the
outrage 'results in stronger , measures to
suppress anarchism. All the- morning pa
pers have leading articles on the subject
and almost all of these are identical in
tone. Satisfaction's expressed that the
panic measures, such as vigilance com
mittees, wholesale anarchist attacks and
the like, contemplated under the first
shock of the • outrage, have given way to
calmer suggestions.'. .
At the same time it is . recognized that
all danger has not passed and the bul
letins and medical opinions cabled fully
to every paper find' eager readers.
."It takes a man of strong constitution
to make his way to the head of the Amer
ican nation," saya the Dally News, "and
the belief that this strong constitution
will pull him through is 'universal." . ,
LONDON, Sept. 9.— The attack upon
President McKlnley and its consequences
still form' the principal occupation of
the British newspapers. The President's
ultimate recovery la now taken for
granted.
Cardoza, who is a Danish subject and
a native of St. Thomas, immediately took
refuge in the palace of the Governor of
Panama,- where hewasreceived with open
arms.. The local officials deplore the inci
dent. The mob was eventually dispersed
and quiet was restored. .
COLON.' Sept. 9.— On the publication of
the report in Panama yesterday that a
Venezuelan squadron, consisting of four
ships,- was bombar/ling Rio • Hacha, on
the Caribbean. Sea, a lawless, irresponsible
mob "proceeded to the residence of Senor
Cardoza, the Venezuelan ' Consul at Pan
ama, shouting, "Down with the goyern
mfent -of Castro." ' ' ' .
In view of the disability of the Presi
dent it is likely that the Cabinet will con
sider all important questions and deter
mine a policy to pursue, and it- is expect
ed that the next step to be taken by tha
United States in Colombian affairs will
be considered at- the first Cabinet-meet
ing. Colombia has expressed her willing
ness to have the United States use its
good offices, but Venezuela has declined,
and It will now bo necessary to make rep
resentations to President Castro's Gov
ernment to induce it to agree to permit a
peaceful settlement of Its dispute with the
Bogota authorities.
Dispatches received by the legation last
Saturday announced that the bombard
ment-of Rio Hacha, on the northwestern
coast of Venezuela, is In progress. Colom
bia is therefore being attacked simulta
neously at many points. Minister. Sllva
\i confident,, however, "that his Govern
ment is able to cope with the situation.
"There are no Insurgents of importance
In Colombia," Sllva continued. /'Our
frontiers are well guarded and I see no
reason to be concerned over, the situation.
Colombia has accepted the mediation - of
th© United States, and is hopeful that as
a result of American influence peace will
be preserved."
CALL BUREAU,. 1406 G STREET, N.
W., WASHINGTON, Sept. 9.—Filibuster
ing expeditions continue to attack Colom
bia. Minister Sllva.' representative of the
Bogota Government in Washington, re
ceived the following dispatch this after
noon from a confidential source in Kings
ton, Jamaica: "It is officially known that
the Ecuadorian vessel Cotopaxl sailed
with arms from Esmeraldas, Ecuador.
Tumaco, Colombia, Is besieged by filibus
ters from Nicaragua. A considerable ex
pedition has landed at Bocas del Toro.
Another expedition Is about to start from
Corinto and is expected to land at Pan
ama." ' - ¦ . . - ¦ - :
NO PRAYERS
FOR GOEBEL
At McKeesport this evening the strik
ers, following up their advantage of .the
morning In keeping the workmen from en
tering the National Tube Works, gath
! ered about the gates of the plant in great
i numbers .and warned the few men who
came out not to- return; to work to-mor
row'.morntng.,' It is generally believed the
will appeal, to the Sheriff or Gov
ernor, withiu-forty-^lght, hours for protec
tion. .i..~ '. ~~ .- r *Z: ¦'• '
While the Tin Plate Company has put
up the most aggressive fight of the three,
the Steel Hoop. Company has been most
successful in the Eastern district and in
the West the Sheet Steel Company has
met with the larger success. With the
results known in these preliminary skir
mishes at a few chosen points, all three
companies have now prepared to carry the
fight into every union -plant without fur
ther delay.
It was stated by some of the members
pf the board that the adjournment had
left matters practically as they were be
fore the meeting had been called, and that
the strike must go on as before, leaving
arrangements for a possible settlement
through a direct conference of the repre
sentatives of the United States Steel Cor
poration with President Shaffer.
To-day completed the first thirty days
since the American Sheet Steel Company,
the American Tin Plate Company and the
American Steel Hoop Company began
their attempt to start the union plants
of the country in face of the Amalga
mated Association strike. Aside from the
Clark plant of the Steel Hoop Company
and the Upper and Lower Unloiwmills of
the Carnegie Company, where the at
tempt to render the strike effective. was
never a success, the three companies
have during the month succeeded in plac
ing in operation seventy-six mills in : the
Union plants, single turn. Indications are
that the number will be doubled within
the next ten days if the strike Is not set
tled before that time.
The semi-official report is that the prop
osition secured for the Amalgamated As
sociation through the intervention of the
representative of the National, Civic Fed
eration was unsatisfactory and that the
matter of settling and arranging was left
ror President Shaffer. The board. In its
sessions of three days, has been clamor
ing lor a settlement, but satisfactory
terms and means were not at -hand, and
the sessions resolved themselves into an
t£i OI 2? aI dlacu ss»on of the situation* At
prl.f,H °k th f mee tine of the national
lht?» U S b , oard > this evening President
S,«^ &« declared .he had no statement to
m ,ake. but subsequently 6aid:
nf Tfjf board has adjourned and the out
?»,!«? members will probably leave for
;?„« £ ome ! t0 - nl S h t. No peace proposi
tions have been received and none made."
.Later he added that neither he nor any
other member of the board would go to
>.ew York during the night to submit a
peace proposition, saying that he would be
at headquarters as usual to-morrow.
The meeting of the board did not ad
journ in high good feeling, yet the mem
bers of the board were averse to making
statements supplemental to that of Presi
dent Shaffer. v .
vPITTSBURG, Sept. ».-The last efforts
to settle the steel strike have failed. The
general executive board of the Amalga
mated Association adjourned this evening
without date and without accepting any
of the peace propositions that hava come
Indirectly from the United States Steel
Corporation or making any counter prop
ositions, according to the official state
ment. ¦ ¦ .
One to Hold Another Interna
. tional Conference, Second
Shut Out Propaganda.
Filibusters Leave Corinto Ex
pecting to Make Landing
; . at Panama. '
Groom Arranges
to Pleasantly Pass Days
of Waiting. '
National Tube Works May
Call Upon the Sheriff^
; for Protection.' '
Rio Hacha Attacked by
Venezuelan Squadron
on Caribbean 1 Sea.
Two Proposals Are Ad?
vocated by the For
eign Press./' ; ~
Last Efforts to Settle
Steel Strike Prove
. Unavailing 1 .
Oelrichs - Martin Wed
ding Postponed by
Mutual Consent.
TERMS OF PEACE
UNSATISFACTORY
HOW TO DEAL
WITH ANARCHISM
WILL NDT MARRY
BEFORE SPRING
FIGHT COLOMBIA
ON ALL SIDES
¦rnis . HAW FEANClSeO V CALL, SEPTEMBER 10, 1901v
9
§ Brains Rule!
% , : .,, the world 8
I GRAPE = NUTS I
@ food makes Brains ,O'
g Try it... _ 1 §
1 Sold by all Grocers, a
j TI ME: -TK^ WmM^M^^ 1^ 1^ ¦ I
¦ PPtftp'i*— % \\J / Once Used, Never Without It.
S »^.»V* WJ-rf k-J" • • • ,^3> ' - - TTVC^^ Cn IT S Ladies' Founda- _ jg m ,i ...— --^
¦ --ir ** -., r^ VvVJ/^ S tIon Collar, made f] II -Tfl
¦ I /ill"'. Wfj^#+J*^. ¦¦ ¦•h^'^^^ of excellent quality II I
1 ¦¦Gil WOflfflPr^ V^Sb^^^^ of crinoline and |\| { \Ji
m ovil IT \#IIUV/I <3m: ¦ ¦ ... ;.;.„ , . . .- .- boned with double IJ^— — fcs*yy\\\
I v %2 00 Pettirnat Nnw qrp Sensational Sale of Cushion Tops ss? f 8 e tSck er i 3 bo ?e e : P^^
m 365 Skirts mads- 4 '*pt*^-~U> "^j ¦ porous and \< : //
M -¦ ¦ 1T\< °* Fast Black ' 2^fe^M^^^C/ XOTi^-n w« n.r« ing to its construe- jj>^
S S^v rp^jn a tvt • j tt^J^*%\w vvnen we ar- tion it easily bends
1 l/WPk Twilled J^srcenzsd K/^afe?^\&» fortunate to buy to the movements of the body and as
1 'Wk s M een ' fini f e ? hMmM a bargrain f r &"?o!?"5$J& Bi £ 1 > 0 - n 3$} on «%
a t&pf&JMCMb* with, a nine-incn Bfe tJ ij^ v JgSSv^fl patrons receive around it and will be kept in position.
1 M&*W%&M& accordeon - pleated %»\MMmh the benefit— and ,Y» f h ,£, not have comfort and st y' e o , f ,° r
a / B3 r *^»?e?^pr flounce, edged % with /^^^^^^^l tere it is: x-^c
1 a ruffle, well finished and strongly 6JS^*T' J ' lf *^gg 5OOO^ Cushion K6CkW82f
I sewed, perfectly made in every re- Tops> made of Art ©enim, Canvas 0^/ 0^^ 3^^^
| spect, a wonder for the money and Sateea, inconventionals, flow- ONE OF THE MANY GOOD THINGS
i • • • • • 98C ers, lion and Indian heads, in WE ARE OFFERING TO-DAY:
B - - •. • . : ' , ', • _ e««, -,-,«. S5 Ladies'- Collar and Tie" combined,
9 Uanrf Marffl Pattonhoro* TiHioo sport, and love scenes, some aie m ade of extra fine washable lawn!
m nallU-mcJUC DailcilUclg llUICOi finished ready for mounting, oth- with colored hemstitching around the
I Ecught from the Assignee at .43c on the Dollar, the ers to be worked. Not one worth tufked- h chic°and I'e^wShSS? S
\M ci.«i» «• i A.m.. «L *». *•.» f— -¦-?*-* ¦¦ i i ¦ - .- tuvjvcu, tint aiiu jfct WdoXicLUic* v^ur
M Stock of L. Collins & Co., tie Importers.. i ess 50c His loss your way of selling the beat for the least...
I ¦<iw e ?o m £ow 1 3o5 gain...... ., .^ ......... 19c •
1 Pr^^l ro^e^fhlin 801^ Mothers, Attention — Boys' Everlasting A Short Story Soon Told
i i^^ffiiCxfiVAZ&Z Tidies 20x20 n-.i !-«.» 101- BOUGHT ipiOM AN 4&1
1 i^Wet^l lnchVs. eS maae X in StOCkmgS 12-^C OVERSTOCTeS MANU- ff§
i l^vS^iC^ySia the , la *est lace GO dozen Stockings, made of the very MT-rH t t^«j C °th? N -&T
1 fcfcJ&K^&fcZa desi^ ns : a " new best XXX imported cotton, double heel, %££"¦ v \ri^ i?sS 'JTS+
I WV^/D^f^i > at^ ernSl xT hand " toes and knees; Swiss ribbed, soft and SSI^ cmn tor w» -/Pir</\
I K*«38®?»*« ' In ?*? e - , Ne X. er Mastic, yet very strong. These Stock- gsSUd noT to 2dv P r«sa /t^M
I S? 1 *'' 1^ 8 than ln & s were. made- expressly for us at Fhenlme of these cSts iurml
I il2*tf&2£&&&!l5Sr $L2 °- y° u v "? w the mills, otherwise we would never be N eV ertelM9 you'U be WiN
I *^*&gfc&&S&g3 {S°S?^ W able to sell them at this price...lSHc gever^j heless ou^ & be V^
I AND ANOTHER and a good one. CMId'S COFSet WalSt That tfie PfiySl- J&f'T.ffifmFbSt' '*'
I ,ffie."ioS?.^. i °?S"t5! le «S5Sn5 cians Recommend Kg^^ff t l?i r aS^ M t' I fe^£?
!'¦ h?^? k, A en & designs. If we it is made of front corset, designed with the low
a didn t buy them the way we did you uniform knitted «m jm bust long over the hips, bia3 cut.
I f?. Uld r V + er them under $4.00. The e 1 a s tic fabric. hand-gored, lace trimmed finished
9: store that advertises facts. Price... „ with knitted tu- /iWjwB -TVflv with £ rosette of satin ribbon. It has
«,"•"• S2.4O bu'.ar straps at- C' \-M$H';7* r -<i/ J also the latest Improvement of the
I '^trptphYniirnnllarQ'fnrYnil'IIMpprlThPm tached to the gar "^TOflTO%^a& nw garter attachments, nnishedk in-
9 . aireicn icur uonars, ror icu n neeu inem men t, which. sup-^g Jide th an extra str ong tape to pre-
y THEY'LL SEEM TWICE THEIR port the pants, v «!» vent the corset from stretching. If
¦ USUAL SIZE HERE THIS WEEK, drawers or skirts we would ask you 53.00 for this corset
3 375 Wrappers, made of fleece lined directly from the it wouldn't be a cent too much. Colors
¦ flannelette. - dark striped . effects; this shoulder. This prevents all strain on black and white. The way we buy.,
9 season's newest designs; collar and the buttons or the buttonholes; most the way we sell 81.50
H sleeves trimmed with washable braid: comfortable garment; easily washed, Sale at O'Farrell-street entrance. ;
II . waist lined, all" lengths, fuir width. If ventilated and healthful; ecru color. . r,«,,,,4i M « u.i,,,,. 1, n n »
M our buyers were not up-to-date we Once used you will never want another SORie Extraordinary Va!ll3S III UUf
I P %S^. b !.^!?.f.^ h .! ra .. a lV h 5c Muslin Underwear Department
I More Good Offerings L ai lt b l a e n l s te k S i£L lttl nk Prl 5, es I .St 5^? d S "S^a m -°»-
I Xt 5 dozen Ivies' Gowns, L arge balls knitting silk, all colors made with a deep flounce, finished with
I » 1. 1^ . made of soft finished naln- *BesV'aualitv" stockinet* 'drVs^"^ *nt£ldi embroidery, well sewed, perfect fln-
1 2s3L sook: m ade In the new quality stocKinet dress shields , gh _ Material wjn cost twice as much
I ™SB^ fi 01 i a v[V ffe m; tUC^, ed y S ke: "Kooks'ar-'d eyes.' bike'k or 'white, two as the prlce ,, we *?*~~' 23c
1 fln^ he^ wlth a , fine d e e P Jozen on a card ...l c Someth n ff NeW
3 • i^>« embr< j! d ? 1 5 r^ ns 5 r i I « n: also 'Hairpins, a box containing fojjr OUIUCllllU a HGW
a isflrmlsJ& neck finished with fine em- packages ou c box A comb that will improve th© looks
1 f/jfjTpg hroidery and' a rosette of Hatpins, good jet heads'/'iorig pins of the hair, also a hair retainer-made
I l'-'il 1 1 ff taffeta silk ribbon; yoke ; ">c dozen of Italian shell, smooth teeth; the
I . _*,. back, f uH width. full Best quality English' "needles (The kind that will not scratch your hair—
B length. If we were not a* manufac- Millwards), 3 packages. lOc round at the top. It holds the hair in
B turer you'd pay $1.75. No middleman's Pearl buttons, clear white kind— 16 place and also catches the stray locks.
I profit here. Our price: ...$1,25 IS, ; 20 line ."........ 5c dozen A. novelty, but not high in price.. 10c
1 An Item From pur Handkerchief i^ E onOCMDCDO 816 MARKET STREET
I «,,JS!! taaM . Jwt KUdtWDhKb ****,**»>*«> »;;««•¦.
8 fine white lawn, hand-made inltials.5c Mall Orders Solicited. PHELAN BUILDING.
JOE ROSENBERG'S.
JOE ROSENBERG'S.
JOE ROSENBERG'S.
GEAPE-NUTS.
1 Vl^tlrodui^vg" tl)is J^aso^l /
/ The Season's New Dresseis v iL^ v V
A I . Our handsome "- tailor-made dresses will be ;¦ /
\ I ; ' the feature^of this fall." ' The woman who wears »flr /
\M. . • one of our' latest tailor-made things is appar- yTx n
P* eled^with • a certain distinction that ' cannot be* 'I ¦
"11 Rained with any other 'garment. The very fash- fftw'M • '!i''ip^ I
J I ionable cut of these dresses is peculiar to our j I'!', 1 .;': K\ I
¦/ I tailoring: and cannot- be obtained, elsewhere. It Ml [•j^iliifeSwA 1
I. \ ¦ would be impossible to duplicate the materials ifl K^T^^lW' I
\\ for so little money. We can please you at prices* i,f/^£j5£5[ ) /
. \ \ ranging from $15 to $75./ ¦ > / / mmjr^ V/ /
¦ I I r . If you have imagined a pretty waist .that • r I
/' j'vwould be just what you desired in every par-. vfti_ : jft : I
/ I 'ticular you can^find itlafndngour new FBENCH . >r ~^&~. ¦" l€J f \
/ / • FLANNEL WAISTS and , BINNEB SILK ' ' ' I \ \
ItU' WAISTS. * Our special fprfees :pn - these 4 beau- : / \\
I f "¦' tiful^wafsts-rang^^rdrn ** ."-J ¦: ;:* ; . ,;^-': "\ "'. ' . | VI
U. >$4;5O to $26.56. J [ j)
\\ To open the season we -offer four styles in / //
y\ hemstitched, tucked, plaited and plain waists. ' / /
- ' I V finest heavy Taffeta Silk, blacks and all colors, all ' / I
I , I sizes; an unrivaled $6. oo. value for , , /- .1"FORECAST.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
The pressure has fallen over. the Pacific slope,'
the greatest fall being over Oregon ' and ; South
ern Idaho. .. - ¦ '• ' .-'¦¦- ¦ ..." "
Generally fair weather prevails over the Pa
cific slope and light showers in Western Mon
tana. ' . *' • < ,' ..
• The temperature . has risen slightly over -the
Pacific slope and fallen 'over the Rocky Moun
tain region. 1 In the great valleys of California
the temperatures approximate. . 90 degrees. . h i
Forecast made at- San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight September 10:; - .
Northern California— Fair . Tuesday; ' fresh
west wind. •' ' " .'" ". ,'" " .,' ,
Southern California— Fair Tuesday; light west
wind. . . - :¦..-''¦ ' -. C ¦ ¦¦ ¦¦ ' \
Nevada — Fair Tuesday; light northwest wind.
San Francisco and vicinity — Flair Tuesday;
fresh west wind: .... : : •
. G.H. WILLSON, Local Forecast Official.
. ¦ . Temporarily in Charge.
BARK R.P. RITHET DRESSED IN HONOR OF ADMISSION DAT. SHE
AND THE PACIFIC COAST COMPANY'S FLEET WERE ABOUT THE
ONLY ONES THAT REMEMBERED THE OCCASION.
•LONDON, Sept. 9.— Anaconda, 9%: Atchison,
77%; Canadian Pacific, 116; Denver and Rio
Grande, 47*4: Denver and Rio Grande preferred,
97U; Northern Pacific preferred, 101%; Southerr,
Pacific 67%: Union Pacific, 99%; Union Pacific
preferred. 89. Bar silver, steady, 28 15-16d per
ounce. . Money, 1%@1% per cent.
London Market.
• WASHINGTON, Sept. 8.— To-day's statement
of the treasury balances in the general fund,
exclusive of the $150,000,000 gold reserve In the
division of redemption, shows: Available cash
balance, $182,780,801; gold. $114,983,057.
Condition of the Treasury.
NEW YORK, Sept 9.— Money on call, firm, at
2@6 per cent; ruling rate. 6 per cent; last loan,
2 per cent; prime mercantile paper, 5@5% per
cent. Sterling exchange, steady, at a decline,
with actual business in bankers' bills at $4 80%
for demand and $4 82% for sixty days. Posted
rates. ?4 83%@4 84% and ?4 86@4 87. Commercial
bills. $4 82% @4 82%. Bar silver. 58%c. Mexican
dollars, 45%c. Government bonds, steady; btate
bonds, inactive; railroad bonds, Irregular.
New York Money Market.
I ¦.¦.§» Sf :&J Ul I
BTATIONS.' 3 |3|3 ?2 So
"' fe ; ' % : V.* ?* ? & ¦'*
¦- '.'* ¦ - k * . • *;~. : '¦•''«-'¦ : 0
Baker.. 29.96^66 88 N Clear .00
Astoria:. ;. .30.12 72 43 NW Clear " .00
Carson. 29.80 76 40 W Clear .00
Eureka.. ...... ......29.92 i 60 4S NW Clear .00
Fresno.. ....29.72 90 54 NW Clear .00
Flag3taft 29.94. 76. 60 SW Pt Cldy .00
Pocatello. Idaho. ..29.90 68 54 W- . Clear .00
Independence 29.66 82 64'SE> Clear .00
Los Angeles...,. ...29:78 76 50 SW Clear .00
Phoenix.l 29.62 102 70 N Clear .00
Portland :...29.98 72 46 NW Clear .00
Red Bluff 29.T2 92 64 E Clear . .00
Roseburg .....29.94 76 40 NE Clear .00
Sacramento ...29.74 ..' 64 S Clear ,00
Salt Lake :... 29.88 72 62 NW Clear . .00
San Francisco.. .'...29. 82 70 54 W, Clear. '.00
San Luis Oblspo. ..29.84 76 • 62 - S •" ' Clear . ..00
San Diego ..29.80 68 60 NW Clear " .00
Seattle..... ...30.02 68 44 !NW, Clear • .00
Spokane............ 29.96 64 46 SW Cloudy .00
NeahBay 48 ..:
Walla Walla ..29.91 72. 46 SW Clear .00
Wlnnemucca ...29/80 74 42 N ' Clear' .00
Yuma 29.60 102 66 W ' Clear -¦ .00
Shares sold ..485,800
.CLOSING BONDS.
O B refunding 2s HocklngA'al «*¦••"•
re* ........107% L & Nash unl 4s.. .101
"do coup 107»i Mex Cent'43 .;.... 85
do 3s reg 107H • do H* LiV^l""-^
do coup .108% Minn & St L 4s.. .103
- dd new 4s reg..-137 M K & .T 4s 99 k
, To SSf^iiSl N d r c££^|£»|
do coup .....:. ...113 NY Cent gen 3V4».109Mi
do 5s reg .:.107fc N J Cent gen 5s...l30
do coup 107% North Pac 4s 104 y
Atchison gen 4s.. .108% «o 3s :"j£S
do adj 43 96% Norf & W con <s-l»2^
Bait & Ohio 4s... .103% Readlnggen 4b ...93%
do 3%s 95* St t, & I M con-5s.ll5
do conv 4s .105% St L & S F .48...." 9» .
Can South 2ds..... 107 St L Southwst lsts 97
Cent of Ga Es 106£ do 2ds ....:...-... <»%
do 1st inc ....:... 80 S A & A Pass 4s.. 86
Ches & Ohio 4Hs.. 104 South ?* c 1 , 4 "-*":" 1 ?l2
Chi & Alton 3%6.. 84% South Railway. 5S.116V.
C B & Q new 4s.. 96% Tex & Pac W»»..W..
CM & St P g 4s. .110 Tol St L & V? * s ~J£u
C & N W con7s...l37 Union Pac 4a 10oU
C R I & P 4s 105% do conv 4a 106^
C C C & St L - g 4s.lO3 Wabash lsts li»%
Chi Term 4s ....... 93% ' do 2ds ..... ... .... .110
Colo & South 4s... 87% do deb B
D & R G 43 104% West Shore 4s -.-"3%
Erie prior lien 4s. 98H W & Lake Erie 4s. 91
do gen 4s 87% Wls Cent 4a 88%
Ft W & D C lsts. 103%
• NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con "20 Little Chief 1|
Alice 45 Ontario »«
Breece 1 40 Ophir j »?
Brunswick Con.... 07 Phoenix ••• — • $
Comstock .Tunnel.. 06 Potosl •••• ..|»
Con Cal & Va 1 8b Savage
Deadwood Terra... 55 Sierra ... 25
Horn Sliver 1 70 Small Hopes 30
Iron Silver 60 Standard 3 25
Leadville Con .... 07 -_
General Electric ..;.;... l,0COt61H 2|5 «*'
Glucose . Sugar..:........ .900. 5TJi 56 57
Hocking Coal - 200 19% M ' ««
International Paper..... 2,000 2S_ 22H «£
International Paper pfd 900 79% J7% W,.
International Power ,6.600 99% 9« «
Laclede Gas ...."..¦....... ••••• •••'. :;[£ 431/
National Biscuit : «0 44/ «H «%
National. Lead 200 20 . 19% J|£
NatlonalSalt 300 40 40 33*
National Salt pfd....:.. £100 76* .6V4 «• ¦
North American :. «.900 . 96 92 »*
Pacific Coast ' . W0 to *> «,
Pacific Mall |00 «% » *"»
People** Gas 4.600 "M4 *»% "J??
Pressed Steel Car 40O 41H 40 «£
Pressed Steel Car pfd.. BOO Jf* .5*
Pullman Palace Car....- 100 212 212 $ 210
.gSSKiS'SSi p^:::::: 4^ J* f j*
Tennessee" CokY^iron: I . «8 %* %J
Union Bag & Paper Co. 300 16^ 1« «»
Union Bag & P Co pfd. ..... •-; •;" {;«
United States Leather.. 4.300 12% MH JZg
U S Leather prd......... 1.900 • 81S 80H si*
United States Rubber... BOO.. 1S»4 1«H «
U S Rubber pfd ••• •••• :;« iV t
United States Steel 41.700 43H «% «£
U S Steel pfd 21,100 93% 92 S3*
Western Union 2.20O '92 91 - 91%
New York Grain and. Produce.
addition to the soundings on the United State;
Coast Survey charts, except when a minus ( — ;
sign precedes the height, and then the numbei
given ls subtracted from the depth given bj
the charts. The plane of reference is the meat
of the lower low waters. ¦¦ '
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer Movements.
TO SAIL.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city, front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point:
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey —
Times and Heights of High and Lovr
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent. ; ..-
SINGAPORE— Arrived Sept 7— Stmr'Ching
Wo. from Tacoma via Moji, etc., for London.
GREAT YARMOUTH— Arrived SeDt 6— Stmr
Northman, from Chicago and Sydney via
West Hartlei>ool.
BREMEN— Arrived Sept 9— Stmr Grosser
Kurfuerst, from New York via Southampton.
SOUTHAMPTON— Sailed Sept 8— Stmr Frled
erlch der Grosse, from Bremen for New York.
NEW TORK— Arrived Sept 9— Stmr Nomadic,
from LIveri>ool. — -
GLASGOW— Arrived Sept 9— Stmr Sardinian,
from New York. , ..-., - ..
LIVERPOOL— Arrived Sept 9— Stmr Tunisian,
from Montreal. . ¦ -. '¦ ¦
GIBRALTAR— Arrived Sept 8— Stmr Trave,
from New York for Naples and Genoa.
Sailed Sent 8 — Stmr Aller,- from Genoa and
Naples for New York. ' . ¦
HAMBURG— Sailed Sept 7— Stmr Pretoria,
for New York.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
QUEENSTOWN— Sailed Sept 7— Br ship Kate
Thomas, . for, .
SHIELDS— Sailed Sept 6— Br ship Dunstaff
nage. for San Francisco.
TTNE— Sailed Sept &— Br stmr Samaritan,
for San Francisco.
TUESDAY. SEPTEMBER 10.
The volume of business transacted in the
market for evaporated apples to-day reached
moderate proportions.' The undertone was qultr
firm at well-maintained prices. State, common
to good, 5@8c; prime, 8#@S?ic; choice, 9c;
fancy. 9%c.
California dried fruits ruled quiet but about
steady at old prices. * -
PRUNES— 3%@7c.
APRICOTS— Royal, 8%@13c; Moorpark. 8@12c.
PEACHES— Peeled,. ll@18c; unpeeled. 6@9&c.
DRIED FRUITS.
NETW TORK, Sept. i 9.— FLOUR— Receipts,
39,600 barrels; exports, 13,867 barrels; sales, 12,
750 packages. Fairly active and firmer.
WHEAT— Receipts. 197.800 bushels; exports.
237,523; sales. 1.865,000 bushels futures. 40,000
spot. Spot, firm; No. 2 red, 76%c f. o. b.
afloat and 75c elevator: No. 1 Northern Duluth,
76%c f..o. b. afloat: No. 1 hard Duluth, 76%c
f. o. b. afloat; No. 1 hard Duluth nominal, 77c
f. o. b. afloat. Options, because of early for
eign selling, opened easier, but quickly recov
ered and for the balance of the day were firm.
Stimulating facts included small winter wheat
receipts, big- clearances, -less -visible, supply
than expected, the corn strength and fears of
a bullish crop report. Closed firm at %c net
advance; May. 79 5-16@79%c, closed 79%c; Sep
tember, 74%@75c, closed 75c; October, 74%@
74%c, closed 74%c; December, 76 3-16@76 11-16c,,
closed 76%c
HOPS HIDES AND LEATHER— Steady.
WOOL-DulL
COFFEE— Spot Rio, steady; mild,;, dull. ¦ Fu
tures closed dull, net unchanged prices. Sales,
6750 bags, including September at $4 65@4 70;
November, $4 80; February, $5 10; March, $5 20;
August, $5 SO.
SUGAR— Raw, steady but dull;: molasses
sugar and refined, firm.
Chicago Grain Market.
FROM SEATTLE.
CHICAGO.. Sept. 9.— CATTLE— Receipts. 23.
(!C0, including: 2000 Texansx Choice steers.
atronR to 10 cents higher; "others, firm; butch
ers" stock, steady to strong: Texans, firm;
Westerns. ¦ higher; others. '•¦ steady and active;
good . to prime steers. $."> 75@6 50: poor to hip
dlum. 54 25<R>5 70; stockers and feeders, about
stea<l>. $2 2-W4 25: cow*. J2 40<35: heifers. $2 50
©5 10; cannera, ..Jl 60®2 40;. bulls, < J2 50@4 60,
CHICAGO.
Eastern Livestock Market.
On -the Produce Exchange to-day the- Butter
market waa steady. Creameries * 14^19 Vk:; Dai
ries, * M^Ue. Chrese. steady, D*i@10?4c." Eggs,
steady: fresh:- 14015c. . - •-- .
A "Peach" Sure Enough.
. The following letter is, one bl the queer
things which sometimes find their way
irto the Kansas papers: ¦ "Mri Editor:
Please print this letter to quiet. the storm
raised : by some' half. Idiot who" has been
telling that I was going to be ; married,
and by several smart Alecks 'who have
made, it their business ; to 'ask : my :¦ boys
ftboutit. -I will - say that-the' talkis.all
besh. ,1 want It understood that when I
went a husband : I won't aik the commun
ity to; select' one for me; 'I consider my
self fully capable of deciding that ques
tion to suit myself. Miss Lydia Peach."—
New York Tribune. ' ,. " ¦*¦ .
COMMERCIAL NEWS
Weather Report.
(120th' Meridian— Pad tlc\ Time. •
SAN 'FRANCISCO. Sept. '9^-5 p. ni.:,
:',;• The following \ maximum . temperatures : were
reported from (stations In \ California to-day : -
. ; Eureka, 60; Mount -Tamalpals, -78; Independ-
Wonderful Predictions.
It has been proposed to erect at Dundee,
Scotland, a granite monument over the
grave j of James Bowman Lindsay. He
was born in 1799 and taught electricity,
magnetism and other subjects in Dundee,
where he died some forty "years ago.' -In
1834 Lindsay foresaw • that- ''houses ' and
towns will in a short time be lighted by
electricity instead of gas, and-machinery
will be worked by- it instead of steam."
This prediction was the result of his ob
servations of- the effects produced by. the
electric current, and not merely, by dream
ing. In 1854 . he transmitted telegraphic
signals through the water electrically, and
when the British Association visited Aber
deen In 1859 he demonstrated, the success
of his method by sending: signals across
the harbor. He also read a paper entitled
"Telegraphing Without Wires."— Chicago
President. Mrs. L. S. Silberberg; vice presi
dent, Mrs. II. Klrehbaum; recording secretary,
Mrs. William Wolff: financial secretary, Mrs.
L. .Kuttner; treasurer.. Mrs. J.' Oppenhelmer;
trustees— Mrs. E. A. Kobe, - Mrs. J. Kaufman.
Mrs. -R.- Gutter, Mrs. . S. Bahr and Mrs. S.
Harris.;.- ' ¦• .. ¦ ¦ ¦¦¦..::<
, ALAMEDA, Sept. 9.— The following
named new officers have been selected by
the Hebrew Ladies' Aid Society" to serve
for the ensuing year: . . •
Hebrew Ladies Elect New Officers.
Dan R. Knox will act. as business man
ager, and will be- assisted by G. R. Van
Meter in the quest for advertisements. -
Miss Emma Postel '02, editor-in-chief; Miss
Louise Bronson, persona) news editor; Ixiuls
Durkee. art and humor; Carl Schmidt, trans
lations: Miss C. • Mary ¦ Hughston. stories; R.
E. Baker, athletics: Miss La Jeunnesse. , poetry;
Milton Epstein, exchanges; Gertrude Anthony,
current events: Miss " Ruth Hebard. - book re
views. - . . . :
. ALAMEDA, Sept. ' 9.— The Associated
Students of the, Alameda High School
have selected the. following named to act
upon the editorial and business staffs of
tho School ' paper, the Acorn, for the en
suing year: ...
Names of Those Who Will Assist in
Producing the High School
Paper.
Mr. Dickinson is one of the most dis
tinguished men in Cambridge University,
not only as a -lecturer . in' the field of
political science, but as a writer.. - "¦
September 13— The South African Crisis and
its historical antecedents. • lue arrival of. the
English. The emancipation of slaves. The
"treks" of the ' Dutch and the .foundation of
the republics and their relations with the Eng
lish. The annexation and retrocession, of the
Transvaal. The '"Outlanders" and their griev-'
ances. The outbreak of war. ¦ - ¦
September 16— The English in America. . The
government of the mainland -colonies previous
to the War of Independence. ¦ The development
of representative government In Canada. .• The
government of the West Indian Colonies.-'
September 17 — The New Commonwealth. The
Federal constitution of Australia, Illustrated
by a comparison with the constitution (1) of
the United States. (2) of the Dominion of Can
ada.
. September 18— Imperial Federation. . The ex
isting political and economic relations of the
British dependencies and colonies to the mother
country, and the proposals for a closer union. ,
September .12— Blacks and Whites. The prob
lem of native races and the experience of the
Kng-lish In dealing with It in various parts of
the world. • -
BERKELEY, Sept. 9.— G. Lowes Dick
inson, -fellow and "lecturer in King's
College, Cambridge, and lecturer at
the Londoji School of Economics
and Political Science, will give a
course of six lectures on "Self-govern
ment in -the British Empire" at the lec
ture-room of the Students' Observatory,
beginning Wednesday ** afternoon at 4
o'clock. The first lecture will be on "The
Government of Dependencies," with
special reference to India. The succeed
ing lectures will be as follows: / •
University, "Will Give a Course
at Berkeley. .
G. Lowes Dickinson, From Cambridge
' CHICAGO, Sept. 9.— The opening in wheat
was steady and trading was light with no spe
cial features. The market was Influenced most
by. the stronger tone to the stock market, due
to the more favorable reports from Buffalo
which induced two prominent local longs to add
to their lines. Smaller increase in visible than
expected, with premiums- existing for cash
grain, were also bull factors. December open
ed unchanged to V4@%c higher at 70%c to
70?i@70%c, advanced to 71@71!fcc. closing strong
and He higher at 71c.
Rain, which retards the ripening of corn, and
thus Increases the chances of damage by frost,
was the chief strengthening influence to-day,
although rumors of a bullish Government re
port also tended to keep prices up. December
closed %c higher at 57%c.
Oats were higher in sympathy with other
grains. December closed %@V*c higher at 33
@3JVfec.
Provisions were again dull but prices were
higher. Light offerings was the main cause
for the stronger feeling. • Lard continued to
lead other products owing to a strong cash
demand. January pork closed with a gain of
17V4c Lard 5c higher and ribs 10c higher.
The leading' futures ranged as follows:
- Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
September 6S% 68*4 68U 68%
December 70»i 71H 70% 71*
May - ~iV» ?4<& 74 74*4
Corn No. 2 — .
September ~. 55*4 ! 53T» 55 T 4 55%
December 57% 5SW, ; 57% 67%
May 59V4 59% 59U -69%
. Oats No. 2 —
September 33% 33% 33% 33%
December 35% ; 35% 35 35%
May • 37% . 37% 37% 37%
Mess Pork, per barrel-
September 14 67% 14 70 14 67% 14 70
October 14 70 14 SO . 14 67% 14 80
January 15 77% 15 85 15 77% 15 83
- Lard, per 100 pounds-
September 9 33 9 42% 9 35 9 42%
October ...9 30 9 42% 9 30 9 42%
January 9 20 9 J2% 9 17% 9 20
¦ Short Ribs, per 100 pounds-
September .8 63 8 63 8 G5 8 63
October 8 65 8 70 8 62% 8 67%
January 8 12% 8 17% 8 12% 8 17%
Cash quotations ¦were as follows:
" Flour, steady; No. 3 spring wheat. 66%c; No;
2 red, 70 s /4@70%c; No. 2 corn, yellow. 56H@37c;
No. 2 oats, 34Vv®35V;c; No. 2 white. 36H@37»,4c:
No. 3. white, Se'i^Sfi^ic: No. 2 rye. 55®53Hc:
fair to choice 'malting barley. 55i?i59c: No. 1 flax
seed. $l 44; No. 1 Northwestern. $1 45; prime
timothy seed. $5 15; mess pork, per barrel, $14 70
@14 75; lard, per 100 pounds. $9 40^9 42%; short
ribs, sides (loose). $3 50^8 70; dry salted shoul
ders (boxed). 7Vs@73ic: short clear sides (boxed),
$9 0r>@3 15; clover,, contract grade. $S.
Articles— ¦: Pvecelpts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels ....*. '. 2G.0OO-- 19.000
Wheat, bushels .: ;..6.>?.<VH) j 2S6.000
Corn. • bushels ..357.000 ... 433.P0O
Oats, bushels 2S4.00O 69.000
Ryp. • bushela 6,000
Barley, bushels ......;. .149.000 ' ~ 2.000
TO LECTURE ON BRITAIN'S
' COLONIAL GOVERNMENT
NOTE — In the above exposition of the tides
th» early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of th»
day in the order of occurrence as to* time; the
fourth time column gives the last tide of . the
day. except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are In
ASSOCIATED STUDENTS
SELECT "ACORN" STAFF
HOTEL A-R.-R.TVATA
GRAND HOTEL.
J P Staley. Seattle
J H Preston, Lakeport
H M Simpson & w. Mo
G Johnson. Los Ang
W Hood. Sacto
S Baker, Stanford
H E Smith, Sacto
"W W Barham, S Rosa
J L Abrams. Stockton
C M Burkhalter, Aria
W W Orcutt. Los Ang
Dr T D Blodgett. Cal
E Lewings & w. Can
F Bunney & w. Van
couver
A Keohan, Nome
W F Dyer, Missouri
D Bang, Minnesota
F' H Gansberger &
fam, Chicago
Mrs J B Lincoln, Seat!
Dr F P French, Londn
D T Crosble. London
J Marcus, Washington
M Afonson. Washingtn
B Gordon, Los Ang
J W Hannlgan & w,
Deming. N M
F H Sisson, Oakdale
H Dittricb, S L Obiapo
C L Connor. Bkrsfleld
J M Benham. Stockton
H M Reed, Reedley
E R Reed & w. Cal
J W McBride. Etna
Mrs N T Blddle. S Jose
E T Purser. Hldsburg
Mrs J Shannon, Chlco
Miss H Bennett. Chico
C L Mastlck. Portland
G E Flora. Chicago
H E Plckett. Plcrvllle
I M Sutter, Stockton
W G Hudson, Wtsnvill
L P Southworth. Denv
W Hood. Sacto
PALACE HOTEL.
N Rosenthal & w. Cal
Miss D Morton. N Y
J F Huckel & w. Mo
F A Fetters & w. Hon
G Stormy, Melbourne
Hon J Bryson, Ls Ang
Mrs G Lambertson.Cal
P.Winton & w. Mo
J S Roberts & w. N Y
F ¦ C Armstrong. N Y
E Trast & w. Melbrne
C T Blegel. London
F E Nichols. Honolulu
T J Flynn. N Y
J W Mitchell & w. Cal
T Keosh. Seattle
J Giblln & w, Seattle
A Klein & w, Los An?
D Hockstadter & w.
• New York
i Miss C HocIvstadter.NY
Miss F Hockstadter. NY
Miss K Wallock," N Y
F O Abbott. Tacoma
J Hellermann. Loulsvl
A McCormack. Ixiuisvl
G G Fordhay. Georgia
J J Young & w. Cal
E E Caine. Seattle
F T Hunter. Seattle
R B Miller. Portland
G T Lester. NY .-
C B Cox. NY-
H J Henskamp Jr. Cal
Dr Livingston, Berlin
P Westphal. Germany
F S Lusk.& w. Wyo
S F Kimball & w. RJ
P W Kimball. N J
J D Carr. Salinas
E D Baker. Yreka
G W Huddleston. N Y
C S Martins. Salt Lake
E A Godding. N Y
E N Wetmore & w.rCY
E L Corbin, San Jose
Miss G Graham. Cal
G I Buffum. St Louis
H Flprsheim. CMcaso
Mrs H Anerwald. Ariz
F M Dunbar & w. Cal
J T Boone Jr. N Y
D Boone Jr. N T
T-B Ettinger. N Y
Miss M Fink. Ky
A Fink. Kentucky
R Short. Melbourne
B T Lawnsbery. Ind
H North & w. Boston
W B Jones. Boston
PEC Burke & w.Colo
Miss M Fry. Colo
S H Babcock. Sit Lak»
S Bunson. Paris
W de St J Bunson.Pars
O S Long. Tacoma \&
H A Keyser,' London '
• : : - ..
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
W Sauferslek. Clnn
W Gordon & w. Canada
H Richmond. Alaska
FA Stoker. N Y
.M J Lee. New Tork
J Curman. Alaska
W H Thomas. Denver
"W E Pepperdin. Cal
E Cwoker, Ked Bluff
F Yeger. Truckee
W M Hudson & w. Cal
I> M Eddlngton. Mich ;
O J McGue. Detroit
G B Faber, Detroit
J F Reynand. Sta Barb,
W E McNeell. Iowa
C Orimmls & w. Kans
J Nelson. Sacto - /ff*f
WASHINGTON.
TA.COMA, Sept. 9.— Wheat unchanged; blue
stem, 66c; club. 65c
Northern Wheat Market.
P(|RTLAND. Sept. 9.— Walla Walla. B5c; val
ley.'56c; bluestem, 56c.
OREGON.
PORTLAND. Sept. 9.— Clearings, $746,709;
balances, n«,207. .v.'.i;
Portland's Business.
LONDON. Sept. 9.-^Consols. 93%. Silver.
26 15-16d. French rentes. lOOf 90c@101f 35c. Car
goes on passage, quiet and steady; No. 1 Stand
ard California, 28s 9d; English country, par
tially 6d cheaper; Import into TJ. K.. wleat,
297,000 quarters; import into U. K.. flour. 194,000
barrels: wheat and flour on passage- to Conti
nent, 2,020.000. -y
LIVERPOOL, Sept. 9.— WHEAT— Steady; No.
1 Standard California, 5s ll%d@6s; French coun
try markets, dull.
COTTON— Uplands. 4 13-lSd.
Foreign Markets.
NEW YORK. Sept. 9.— The statement of th»
visible supply of grain. In store and afloat, on
Saturday, September 7, as compiled by the New
York Produce Exchange, is as follows: Wheat.
23,440,000 bushels, Increase 650,000 bushels; Corn,
13,123,000 bushels, increase 447,000 bushels; Oats.
7,378,000 bushels, increase 447,000 bushels; Rye.
1.645.000 bushels. Increase 156,000 bushels; Bar
ley.. 663,000 bushels. Increase 119,000 bushels.
Visible Grain Supply.
NEW YORK. Sept. 9.— The market for cot
ton futures opened quiet and firm, with prices
6 to 9 points higher on a. spurt of room cover
ing and light outside support, prompted by
the marked change for the better In the Presi
dent's condition and by bullish cables from
Liverpool, and closed quiet and steady, with
prices net unchanged to one point higher.
New York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK. Sept. 9.— Tradlnr for tin la th»
local metal market was slow to-day, but values
fell off somewhat In sympathy with, depression
in the London market and under heavy spot
supplies at New York. The market was finally
weak at J25@25 33 for spot, while tin In London
closed 7s 6d lower to £111 10s for spot and fu
tures at £111 10s.
COPPER— Locally was nominally unchanged
at |16 50@17 for Lake Superior and $13 37Vi@
16 62% for casting and electrolytic. An un
changed market waa reported for copper In Lon
don, there spot closed at £67 2s 6d and futures
closed at £67 10s.
LEAD— Was quiet and unchanged at $4 37&.
The London market waa Is 3d up to £12.
SPELTER— Was dull without change at home
and abroad, with spot here quoted at $4 and In
London £18 17b 6d.
DOMESTIC IRON— Markets wer* dull and
unchanred.
• PIGIRON— 'Warrants, J3@10: No. 1 Northern
foundry. tl5@15 60; No. 2 foundry. Southern, 1U
@14 50; No. 1 foundry. Southern soft, ?U 759
15 25.
GLASGOW— Warrants closed at 62s 7d and
Middlesboro closed at 45a l%d.
New. York Metal Market.
NEW YORK, Sept. 9. — The number of shares
of stocks sold on the "stock exchange during
the five hours of to-day's session was no great
.er - than was sold during , the .two - hours of
Saturday's session. > This fact In itself , would
be indicative of a marked subsidence of the
nervousness and feverishness which 'pervaded
the stock market on Saturday, j but the table
of recoveries in prices which resulted from the
day's trading makes a really remarkable show
ing of the . recuperative power of the market.
The confident opinion of the President's physi
cians and friends that jj he is on - the way to
safe recovery from his wounds was of course
the primary cause of the buoyant rebound in
prices. This"wa3 shown ,not only in New
York, but in all the great securities markets
of the world.' . The secondary cause was; the
comprehensive and effective measures concerted
for the protection and support of ¦ the market
by the Clearing-house banks and great finan
ciers of. the .metropolis. The effect, of these
measures was seen in the success with which
the call money ; rate was repressed to a 6 per
cent level. Just what the measures taken were
were not disclosed, but the large sums of
money in the hands of . tbe principal money
brokers on the floor of the Stock Exchange to
place In call loans at 6 per cent suggested that
money was being supplied by a powerful syn
dicate for the purpose. The Clearing-house
committee was conveniently at hand all day to
take any action that might be demanded by
an emergency, but there was no formal ses
sion of the committee and no steps were taken
by them until after tbe close of the stock
market, when a dispatch was sent to Secre
tary Gage advising him of the committee's
view that some action by the Treasury
Department was incumbent for the relief of
the money situation. The special circumstances
which make the operations of the Treasury
Department embarrassing to the money mar
ket have been too often stated to need special
description here. The enlarged surplus in the
Government revenues by reason of the great
decrease in the expenditures without . corre
sponding decrease in ! the income is taking
daily from the open market and from the cir
culation large sums of money, just at the
time When the movement of the crops. and the
expanding fall requirements are making the
year's largest demands for money. Some ex
pectation of action by the Secretary of the
Treasury^ for the relief of the money market
played Us part in the day's strength of the
market before the action of the committee was
known. The tension of the demand for money
here was shown also by the decline in ex
change on other points. [ Both . Sterling and
Continental exchange fell sharply, causing re
newed talk of engagements of gold for im
port, but none were announced. Chicago ' ex
chante on New York also rose to within 10
cents of par, but $250,000 was deposited at the
sub-treasury for Chicago and $25,000 for New
Orleans. In view of these considerations the
collapse In the money rate late In the day is
less convincing than it would otherwise be.
Its occurrence after the demand for the day
bad been largely satisfied might have been due
to manipulation. The market closed strong at
near the top, net. gains for the principal ac
tive stocks running from 2 to 4. points and for
St. Paul 6<4- Thus a large part of Saturday's
losses were retrieved.- ? , ¦ . ¦ •
Railroad bonds showed recoveries also, but
in much smaller degree than In stocks. Total
sales, par value, $2,065,000. United States
bonds were unchanged on the last call.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Stocks— • ¦ Sales. High. Low. Close.
Atchison ..I..... 62,300 76% 74% 76^
Atchison pfd 6.200 9C«, 91% 96U
Baltimore & Ohio 4.400 101V4 99 101
Baltimore & Ohio pfd... 200 92% 92 92
Canadian Pacific 4,200 111% 111) liitf
Canada Southern 100 68 68 68
Chesapeake & Ohio 4.500 45% : 44>i 44%
Chic &.Alton 1.5C0 SSV 2 37" 37%
Chic Alton pfd 500 77Vi . 77 77
Chic Ind & Louis 3.400 39% 3S% 39^
Chic Ind & Louis pfd... 300 72& 72Vi 72^.
Chic & East Illinois .... .... 126
Chic & Great West 4.S0O 23;4 23 23%
Chic & Great W A pfd.. '¦ 84
Chic & Great W B pfd.. 100 49% 49% 4S%
Chic & Northwestern..:. 200 193Vfc 193^4 ¦¦191
Chic Rock Is & Pac 1.700 142% 140 142
Chic Term'& Trans 1.600 21 *20Vi 21
Chic Term & Trans pfd. 2.400 4<H4 39 40i/ 2
C C C & St Louis.... ' 1.000 91 90 91
Colo Southern 2.600 14% 13% 14
Colo Southern 1st pfd... 1,300 55Vi 54 65
Colo Southern 2d pfd 300- 24^ 24 24 M
Del & Hudson. -.800 164 16314 164
Del Lack & Western.../ 800 221i£ 219Tg 221
Denver &) Rio Grande... 2,200 46.. 45-46
Denver & R Grande pfd. 3,900 94^ 92>4 94
Erie .'......... 85.600 42% 40% ' 42%
Erie 1st pfd.... 11.600 .70% 6S',4 .70
Erie 2d pfd...... 3.900 57% 54 ' 57%
Great Northern prd...... SCO 183 181 182
Hocking Valley .52
Hocking Valley pfd 100 76 76 74
Illinois Central 1.500 H4«4 143 IU%
Iowa Central :.. 7C0 36% 36 : 3S.
Iowa Central pfd. ..3,000 71% 70 7K
Lake Erie & Western...' 700 62 : 60% 62
Lake Erie &. West pfd "12Vi
Louisville & Nashville.. 11.900 103% 101% 103VJ
Manhattan L : 11.300 117 115 116V4
Metropolitan Street Ry.. 2.300 164% 163 164 "
Mexican Central ........ 1.700 24% 23% 24>4
Mexican National ...... 17.M0 .14% 13 14%
Minneapolis & St Louis. • 400 106 105<4 106
Missouri Pacific .; 12.400 101>4 100% 102V4
Mo Kan & Tex.......... 2.700 29 .2SU 29^
Mo Kan & Tex pfd...... 1,600 65 53% 54 jj
New Jersey Central...... 300. 1B2 160U 160
New York Central....... 3.900 152VJ 150\i .152>,;
Norfolk,& Western:..... 11.600 -54Vi 52'i 54>4
Norfolk & Western pfd. .....*. ...... .... ; gj
Northern Pacific pfd 100 97Vi 97% 95^4
Ontario & Western...... 14.3C0-- 34% 33% ' . 34Vi
Pennsylvania ..'...¦....... 17.300 144 142Vi 143TS
P C C & St Louis ...:. 70
Reading 10.600 ' 42V4 .40% 42^
Reading 1st pfd 5.500 76 74% 76
Reading 2d pfd.......... 10.300 53VJ. 51% .53^
St L & San Fran 700 . 45. 44 44%
St L & San Fran 1st pfd ' .- $2'
St L &.San Fran 2d pfd. 1.100 70 67 6S^
St L Southwestern......; l.SOfl 1 29% 29 ' ¦: 2!) *
St L Southwestern pfd.. 1.100 ' 61% 60 62 * :
St Paul ........:.......:. 77.500 '164% 157 1B3
St Paul pfd..'.". '.. .... .... ]86'
Southern. Pacific .53.100 55 5,Hi 56^
Southern Railway ...... 28.100 32% 31% '32*
Southern Railway pfd. .,3.100 87V4 '83% ". S7V|
Texas & Pacific. :.'.,.;:... 4,000 42% 41% 42^
Toledo St L & West..... 200 , 2O',i 20V& 20
Toledo St L & West pfd ....." ..."i .... ,33
Union Pacific .......'.;.. SO.flOO '.97 96 $m
Union Pacific pfd..'..... 2.1C0 S8 87«4 gg
Wabash; ...... .......'•.' 3.6CO-22 21 \ 21*J
Wabash pfd ..V.'.. .'..".... 5.200 \:39% 3SV£ 3!WJ
Wheeling & Lake Erie.. - 200 '-IS. ' 18 isi<
Wheeling &-L E 2d pfd .... 2S
-Wisconsin Central ..... 2,100 21% 20% - 21',<
Wisconsin Central pfd.. 200.43 43 42"
Express Companies— \ . -
Adams ...............¦..'.. ' .... .... 175
American ¦...." ....1S5
United States .. . ....." : .... <!."> •
Wells- Fargo. ...... ......;. .160
Miscellaneous—. . .
Amalgamated : Copper .. 42.500 114% 112H 114
American Car & Fndry. 2.900 ¦ 29% 23% "»•¦'
Amer Car & Fndry prd. SCO "". 85Vi - 83% ' So 1 /
" American . Linseed Oil.. .600 24 ' 20 '19V
Amer Linseed Oil pfd..- 3.900 57 .00 43V
Amer Smelting & Refntr 9.S0O 47% 43 . ' 471J
Am Smeltng fc Rfng pfd 1.3C0~ 99',i 9S>i > M
American Tobacco, , tr... -..40O 134 134 ; 133*.
Anaconda- Mining ..:¦ 2.S00 45% ! 44 ' 451,
. Brooklyn l Rapid Transit 14,600 63 66% ' . 60
Colorado -Fuel & Iron...' 3.100^ 97% "95 % • 971/
Consolidated Gas.;:.... .*". 5.6OO 221 *"
Continental Tobacco.... .....>.... :....6fi»
Continental Tobacco pfd 200*117 '. 117-117
New York Stock Market.
ST JOSEPH, Sept. 9.— CATTLE— Receipts,
25C0- market steady to strong for corn, natives
and heavy Westerners: others, weak to 10c
lower. Natives, *5 70@6 50; cows and heifers,
Jl#*i 85: bulls and stags, J2@4 oO: stockers and
feeders, *1 75@3 75; veals. $2 25@5 2o.
HOGS— Receipts, 2000: market steady to 5o
hlgher: light and light mixed. S3 30®8 K»; me
dium and heavy, _JS 45@6 65; pigs. J3 50®6: bulk
Ot SHEEP- Receipts. 9000: market steady; top
Idaho wethers. $3 50; lambs, generally 10 cents
lower; top Idahos, $4 40.
ST. JOSEPH.
calves, easier. J3 6O@6; Texas fed steers. 14 »
05 25- Texas trass steers. J3 40@4 10: "Western
steers, sales tour cars, at J3 50; others. » 20
HOGS— ReceipU to-day. 32.000; to-morrow.
24 000- left over. 2500. Good to choice, strong to
6 'cents Higher; others, steady; closing «r°nsr.
top $7; mixed and butchers', $S@6 90; Kood to
choice heavy. $6 45@7; roush heavy. J8 50^8 10;
light. $6®« T5: bulk of sales. $6 80®6 75.
SHEEP—Keceipts. 23.000. Sheep, steady to
slow; choice lambs, about steady : others, weak;
rood to choice wethers. W 75@4 10; fair to
choice mixed, $3 40@3 70; "Western sheep, « 25,®
if native lamb.. «5®4 85; Western lambs. J4®
4 80.
The Malay language, spoken in the
South Beas, is softer than the Italian, and
If said to be' totally unlike any other
known language.
Easily Earned.
An election petition war being- tried and
a witness was called to prove "bribery."
"One of the gentlemen says to me
'Hodge, you must vote for the Tories,' "
Enid the witness.
"And- what; did you answer to that?"
asked the counsel: ;, . .. .•.'.--.¦
"Weil, says I, 'How much?' "
"And what did the agent say?"
"He didn't say nothin'. The other gen
tleman comets to me and says. 'You must
vote for the Liberals, Hodge.' "
"And what did you answer?"
"I said. 'How much?' So he arst me
what t'other gentleman offered,' and I told
him 5 shillings."
"And what did the Liberal agent do?" '.
"He gave me 10."
Counsel sits down triumphant, and up
starts the other side.
"Did you vote for the Liberals?"
"Ko. %
"Did you vote for the Tories?"
"No; I ain't got a vote!"— London Srare
Moments.- ¦ ¦
In his book on "The New South Africa"
Mr. Bleloch, a resident of Johannesburg,
expresses the opinion, after- a careful
study of the statistical position, that the
Transvaal's revenue, which in 1899 ¦was
S18.500.000. will by 1305 be $37,500,000. suf
ficient to provide $13,750,000 for interest
and sinking fund on a loan* of 5275,000,000,
which will rover the Transvaal's share
of the cost of the war and the cost of the
military police, leaving a- surplus of
52,500.000 for public works. Mr. Bleloch
estimates the amount of gold in the
Transvaal rriin^s at nearly $15,000,000,000,
over thre« and a half billions of which
will be net profit. The Xew York World
asserts that Sir David Barbour, the finan
cial expert sent from I/ondon to Pretoria
for the purpose of sizing up the prospec
tive revenue, reports the ' Transvaa.1 able
to pay interest on a loan of but $175,000,
000. The amount which the Government
has decided to make the Transvaal re
sponsible for,. 6ays tho World, has been
increased, on Lord Milner's advice to
5250,000,000.— Baltimore Sun.
"What the Transvaal Can Pay.
A latiy was recently reading to her
young son the story of a little fellow
whose father was taken ill and dJed. af
ter which he set himself diligently to
work to assist in supporting himself and
his mother. When she had finished the
story she said:
"Now. Tommy, if pa were to die.
wouldn't you work to keep mamma?"
"Why. no." said the little chap, not rel
ishing the idea of work. "What for?
Aint we got a good house to live in"
"O, yes. my dear," said the mother,
"but we can't eat the house, you know."
"Well, ain't we got plenty of things in
the pantry?" continued the young hope
ful.
"Certainly, dear." replied the mother,
"but they would not last long, and what
then?"
"Well, ma," said the young incorrigible,
after thinking a moment, "ain't there
enough to last till you get another hus
band T'
Ma gave It up. — London Answers.
A Last Resource.
SEATTLE— Sailed Sept 9— Stmr Rainier, for
Whatcom: stmr Queen, for Nome.
SAN- PEDRO— Arrived • Ser>t 9— Schr Sadie.
from Umpqua; schr Orient, from Grays Har
bor; schr Philippine, from Tacoma:
SEATTLE— Arrived Sept. 9— Schr Laurel, frm !
Alaska. Sept S — Stmr Mary D Hume, from
Alaska. ¦¦-¦•-.._' ¦ •
. ASTORIA— Arrived Sept 9-!-Stmr Fulton, frm
Needle Rock; .Br, stmr Glamorganshire, , from
Mororan. ' " ¦ " '
IS GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed Sept 7^-Schr Lot
tie Bennett, for Guaymas. .,-..¦.
Arrived Sept S— Bktn Gleaner.; from Kihel.'
SEATTLE— Arrived Sept 9— Stmr Rainier, he
Sept 4; schr Laurel, from Alaska. ' • .
! Hailed Sept 9— Stmr Asuncion, for San Fran
cisco. . Sept 8 — Stmr City of Seattle, for Skag-
S PORT GAMBLE— Arrived Sept 9— Schr Ida
Schnauer, from Port Townsend ; Ger ship Pe
ra, from Port Ludlow. '. '/
NEK NEK— To sail Auc 22— Ship Tacoma,
for San Francisco.-
In r>ort Aus 19 loading — BarS • B P Cheney ;
and schr Sal va tor. • • ¦ i ¦'•¦
EUREKA- Arrived Sept 9-Schr Allen A, he;
Sept 2. ¦ ¦ ¦ ..-..-.'¦
FOREIGN PORTS.
SYDNEY. NSW— Arrived Sept* 8— Ship M P
Grace, from Port Hadlock. - ¦ • ; •
PANAMA— Arrived Sept 7-U S stmr Iowa,
hence Avz 20. ' ¦
. HONGKONG— Palled Sept 4— Br stmr Athe
nian, for Vancouver.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
The brie Geneva, at anchor oft Union-street
wharf, drifted onto the schr Falcon, also at
anchor, about & p. m. this afternoon (Septem
ber 9.) Vessels were separated by tugs Sea
Prince and Sea Queen. No damage.
MISCELLANEOUS.
Sunday. September 8.
Schr Glen, Anderson, — hours from . Sau
galito direct.
Monday, September 9.
Stmr National City, Dettmers, IS hours from
Fort Bragg.
Stmr Olpsy. Iceland, 14 hours from Moss
Landing.
Stmr Whltesboro, Olsen. 18 hours frm Green
wood. Up river direct. .
Strar City of Puebla. Jepsen. £9. hours from
Victoria, and Pueet Sound ports.
Stmr South Portland, Hall, 55 hours from
Cots Bay. '. f
Stmr Eureka. Jesseh, 24 hours from Eureka.
Stmr Luella, Madsen, 19 hours from Usal.
Br stmr Wellington. Salmond. 3»,4 days from
Oyster Hartoor. : ;
¦ Brig Consuelo, Page, 18 • days from •' Mahu
kona. ....
Schr Sehomo, Petersen, 19 days from Hono
.lulu. . ..... . ( -.
Schr Prosper. Brandemann. 21 days from'
Nek Nek.
Schr Ivy. Samuelson, 3V4 days frm Coos Bay.
SAILED.
Monday, September 9.
Stmr Geo Loomls, . Badcer, Ventura.
Stmr Point Arena, Hansen, Mendocino.
Stmr Pomona, Shea, Eureka,
-'.. TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS— Sept. 9. 10 p. m.— Weather
hazy: wind W; velocity 12 miles. • ,
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED
The bark Fresno is discharging salmon
into the mail steamship Ventura and the
schooner Solano salmon in barrels on Mis
sion-street wharf.
The transport Grant will be due from
Manila via Nagasaki on the 17th inst.
She will be overhauled before, going to
sea again. '
Captain John Metcalfe returned from
his honeymoon trip to Banff yesterday.
The transport Sumner will sail for Ma
nila next Thursday. As soon as she de
parts the Hancock will take her berth at
the transport wharf.
Water Front Notes.
The battleship Iowa arrived at Panama
last Saturday and anchored in the road
stead. She left here August 20 and made a
splendid run down the coast. She stopped
at Acapulco for coal and then proceeded
direct to the isthmus. It took her several
days to coal, and as the distance to Pan
ama is 3472 miles she must have averaged
about ten knots during the run from San
Francisco.
Iowa Arrives at Panama.
Henry Peterson, the well-known oars
man and launch owner, was kept busy
shaking hands with his many friends on
the front yesterday. He was away more
than eight months and during his ab
sence visited all the places of note in
Europe and then made a tour of the
United States. While in England he met
all the old-time oarsmen and was the
guest of "Gus" Brewer and later of "Tom
my" Green. The latter is the trainer of
the Oxford University eight, while Brewer
has trained some of the greatest oars
men In the world. Both of them were
very anxious to get Peterson to make a
match with an English crack named Max
well. "Pete" had a great time ,on the
Harlem and put In some time training the
Metropolitan Boat Club crew. Under his
tutelage th» men won four races, and
then Peterson decided it was time to come
home. The blisters he acquired while
coaching" the crews on the Harlem left
scars on his hands that will take some
time to disappear.
Home From His Travels.
CHICAGO. Sept. 9. — Harlem summary:
. First race, four and a half furlongs — Pat
Mitchell won. Major Bird second, Jane Oaker
third. Time. :J4 4-5.
Second race, eix furlongs — Money Muss won.
The Lady second. Joe Martin third. Time,
1:15.
Third race, steeplechase, short course—Queen
ehlp won. Lord Chesterfield second, Searover
third. Time. 3:42 2-5.
Fourth race, one mile and a sixteenth, sell
ing—St. Marcos won. Federal second, Kunja
third. Time. 1:47 1-5.
Fifth race. Eve and a half furlongs—Amir
ente won. South Trimble second. Rag Tag
third. Time. 1:08 3-6.
Sixth race, cne mile and an eighth — Strangest
•won. Searcher second. Charlie O'Brien third.
Time, IM 4-5.
Seventh race, one mile and fifty yards, sell
ing — Baird won. Mlndoro second. Prairie Dog
third. Time. 1:44.
NE"W YORK. Sept. ».— Modrine won. Smoke
eecond, Eellarlo third. Time, 1:13.
Second race, one mile and an eighth— Ethics
won. Hammock second. Fatalist third. Time.
Third race. Sapphire stakes, five and a half ,
furiongs— Pretorlus won, Emshee second, !
Homestead third. Time, 1:08.
Fourth race, handicap, one mile — Ten Can
dle* won. Paul Clifford second. Gold Heele
third. Time. 1:38 3-5.
Fifth race, five furlongs, selling— Little Gem
won. Tary Sterling second. Lady Radnor third.
Time, J:01.
Sixth race, one mile and a half— Maid of
Harlem won. Baron Pepper 6econd. Karairi
third. Time, 2:33 3-5.
FORT ERIE. Sept. 9.— Summary:
First race, selling, five and a half furlongs —
Ordeal won. Kona B second. John Todd third.
Time. 1:CS.
Second race. 6ell;ng. four and a half furlongs
—Dash won. Peace ilal:er second. Frank Baker
third. Time. :C4»~.
Third race, selling, one mile — Top Gallant
won. Zipgfeld second. Punctual third. Time,
1M2 3-5.
Fourth race, selling, four and a half furlongs
—Messina won. Couslne second. Martha D
third. Time. 1:D6%- i '¦
Fifth race, selling. 6ir and a half furlongs—
Lillie Hairimerton won. Maple second.. Minnie
B third. Time. 1:21.
Sixth race, selling, one mile— Warranted won.
Water-house second. Argonauta third. Time,
1:41 3-3.
HELENA, Sept. 9.— Track slow; weather
good. Attendance, 1500. Summary:
First race, cne mile, selling — Un Cadeau won.
Ice second, Mont Eagle third. Time, 1:45.
Second race, lour and a half furlongs — Poppy
A won. Constable second, Reap third. Time,
Third race. three-quarters of a mile — Virgie
d"Or won. Sweet Caporal second. Spindle third.
Time. 1:17.
Fourth race, three and a half furlongs— Joe D
won. Honest John second, Graham Green third.
Time. :46»».
Firth race, three-quarters of a mile — Homage
won, Abbeleix second. Onyx third. Time. 1:17.
ST. LOUIS. Sept. 9.— Delmar summary:
First race, six furlongs, selling — Lady Bram
ble won. Fickle Saint second. Dick Hobart
third. Time, 1:15.
Seccnd race, cne mile, selling — Satin Coat
won. Eleven Bells second, Percy R third. Time,
1:42*4-
U'liird race, six furlongs — WI7mar won. Coreel
wcond. Horseshoe Tobacco third. Time, l^SU-
Fourth race, one mile, purse— Attelle won,
Vakita second. Ogle third.. Time. 1:02%.
Fifth race, s.x and a half furlongs, selling —
Jlearest won, Salinda second. Hilee third.
Time. 1:22.
Running Races.
SAN BERNARDINO. Sept. 9.— Three
hundred Santa Fe employes in this city
quit work to-day because the company
refused to pay them extra for working
on a holiday. The men will report J for
duty to-morrow morning, but there is
borne doubt as to whether the company
will allow them to come back. Superin
tendent W. B. Beamer said to-day that
the men who quit work need not return.
"Whether this is to be taken as dismissal
or not is a question. The officials of the
road refuse to discuss the affair.
When the employes reported for work
this morning: they found a bulletin posted
on Master Mechanic Lape's office an
nouncing that the blacksmiths, boiler
makers and mechanics would be expected
to work during tbe day. while the car
penters and painters could have a . holi
day. The machinists, blacksmiths and
boiicrm alters went to work, but before
doing so notified General Superintendent
of Machinery G. W. Smith that they ex
pected to receive extra pay for working
on a holiday and that if the company
¦would not agree to pay them extra they
would not work. Smith, Superintendent
Beamer and Master Mechanic La.pe held
a. conference and at 3 o'clock had reached
no agreement. The men then held a
meeting and gave the ultimatum that the
officials should reach an agreement with
in a half hour or they would quit work.
The agreement was not reached and they
walked out.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
The sloop Leone was out during the
morning with' a' pleasure party aboard.
The man at the wheel tried to go around
the British bark Brussels and got too
close. The result was that the sloop's
mast caught under the vessel's stern and
the stick snapped oft close to the deck.
No one was hurt and a gasoline launch
towed the disabled craft to one of the
wharves.
The schooner Falcon and the brig Ge
neva were, in collision yesterday after
noon. The' Geneva- arrived last Friday
from Ugasik with 4000 cases of - salmon
and anchored off Union-street wharf. , The
Falcon came in Sunday and anchored
near the brig. Yesterday afternoon therte
was a good breeze blowing and a strong
ebb tide running. It was not long before
the Geneva began to drag and in a few
minutes she was down on the Falcon.
The tugs Sea Queen and Sea 'Prince were
sent out, but" It' took- them more than a
half hour to separate the vessels. Both
schooner and' brig' were considerably
chafed and had their standing rigging
damaged, but were not seriously injured.
Geneva — Sloop Leone Dismasted.
Schooner Falcon Drifts Down on Brig
COLLISIONS ON THE BAY.
The Curacao will take away a large car
go for Mexican ports. She. is scheduled
to sail next Thursday and will get away
at noon sharp. The Oceanic Steamship
Company's Ventura and the Pacific Mall
Company's China are also scheduled ! to
sail Thursday, the former at 10 a. m. and
the China at 1 p.' m. The Ventura will
have a green crew of firemen, but never
theless Chief Engineer Haynes says she
will easily make her contract time be
tween here and Sydney, N. S. \V.
The bark R. P. Rithet made a splendid
showing. She is anchored in the stream,
the center of a fleet awaiting a chance
to discharge. Captain McPhall did not
wait to see what the others were going
to do. but by 8 a: m. had his ship dressed
and kept the flags flying until sundown.
The Rithet arrived here from Honolulu
on the 2d Inst. and will probably go to
Oakland to discharge. -
The Pacific Coast Steamship Company's
fleet at the Broadway wharves flew all
Its bunting. The City of Puebla, State of
California, . Curacao, Bonita and Pomona
made a splendid showing in honor of the
day. But. little. w.ork. was done on either
wharf. The Curacao finished coaling, but
the Puebla will not begin discharging un
til to-day. As soon as hercargo Is out
she will take in 12.000 cases of salmon
from the bark Fresno.
V DMISSION day was very quietly
i\ observed on the water front.
/ \\ There- were few people." around
X VV the ;..- wharves, but the ferry
steamers were crowded all day.
There was less decorating than for many
a year. Only one sailing: vessel made any
thing like a showing and the vessels of
the Pacific Coast Steamship Company did
the honors for the other lines. British
vessels, that on other occasions were bet
ter decorated than American ones, yes
terday contented themselves with flying
the union jack, while many an American
ship, and San Francisco owned at that,
did not even fly the stars and stripes.
Refuse to Toil on Admission
• Day When Denied Extra
Remuneration.
ThreeHundredEmployes
Quit Work in San
Bernardino.
STRIKE TIES UP
SANTA FE SHOPS
THE SAl^ FRANCISCO CALL, TUESPA Y, SEPTEMBER 10, 1901.
-Boston.: 70-50; Cincinnati, 78-58; Jacksonville,
86-66; Kansas City. 84-64; Philadelphia, 76-54;
Washington. 78-48; New York. 74-66.
ence, 82 ,• ' Red Bluff. 92 : f Fresno, ; 90 ; Los An
geles, 76; San Luis Oblspo, 76; San Diego,* 6S.
San I Francisco ¦ data: | Maximum I temperature,
71; minimum, 53; mean, 62. ¦¦'¦ •-*'¦ ¦¦•:." * -» :-.
. - The : following ¦ maximum and •.. minimum - tem
peratures were reported from Eastern cities:
THE COAST RECORD.
The Bark R. P. Rithet, at Anchor in the Stream,; Makes a Brave Showing.
\ ;Brig Geneva and the Schooner Falcon in Collision---Slobp Leorile Diss
[ masted Through Running Into the Bark Brussels Off Meiggs Wharf
FEW VESSELS DISPLAY BUNTING
TO HONOR CALIFORNIA'S NATAL DAY
EASTERN MARKETS.
10
G Pacheco & w. Igncio
L B Poundstone, Cal
C Rlemenscnnelder,
Milwaukee
E Hilton. S Barbara
W K Hamilton. Stanfd
Mrs McGath & daugh,
Watsonville
Mary Osbtne. Detroit
S P Poland. San Jose
E Dumars & dan. N X
O Badders, Vlsalla
E Dinkelsplel, Suisun
C J Jones, Sacto
J L Pendleton, Sartosa
W F Freeman. Needles
B F Thornton. Nevada
W F Pack. Michigan
A C Rush, San, Joss
J K Pattee Jr. Cal
G M Churchill. Cal
A J Bledsoe, UWah
G W Klmball. USA
J E Verree, Chicago
N I Baldwin & w.
Osage
D N Gray. Salt Lake
Miss K Myers. India
G B St John. Minn
F L Glick. Kansas
I> Jesson. Australia
H Jesson. Australia
C L Fletcher. Missouri
W H Lane, Chicago
J Morgan. Los Ang
W Loewenthal. N T
"W Anderson. Idaho
J J Cochrane, Tucson
N V Nelson. Marysvll
S Rummelsburg, Cal
J Loeb, Williams
MrsWH Be vans. Ca!
W J Woodward. L Ang
A Togroazlnl, Cal
D FHipanl. Cal
D D Baiward. S L Obis
Bun rises 5:16
Sun sets 6:27
Moon rises 3:30 a. : m.
Time Time Time Time
Date Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
L, W H "W LW H . W
10 ... 3:28 0.0 10:19 6.2 3:36 2.0 9:51 6.5
11 .. 4:05 0.2 10:55 5.4 4:22 1.6 10:41 5.4
12 ... 4:45 0.5 11:27 5.4 6:05 1.3 11:29 5.2
13 ... 5:21 0.9 11:59 5.4 5:46 1.1
H W L, W H \V I, W
14 ... 0:15 6.0 i 5:53 1.3 12:30 5.6 6:28 1.0
15 ... 1:00 4.8 6:2T) 1.6 1:00 5.3 7.05 0;0
16 .. 1:60 4.6 6:06 2.0 1:29 5.3 7:50 0.9
Steamer.
From.
Due.
Mandalay Coqullle River.......... Sept. 10
Arcata ...• Coos Bay.:. ;........ Sept. 10
Matteawan Tacotna Sept. 10
G. \V. Elder... Portland & Astoria Sept. 10
Corona Redondo & Way Ports. Sept. 10
Asuncion Seattle Sept. 11
Czarina. Seattle. & Tacoma...'... Sept. 11
Santa Rosa San Diego & Way Pts. Sept. 12
Femora........ Humboldt Sept. 12
Colombia....... Valparaiso & "Way Pts. Sept. 13
Point Arena... Point Arena ............ Sept. 13
Doric China and Japan .. Sept 13
San Bias....... Panama & ; Way Ports. Sept. 14
Memphis...'.... Hamburg & Way .Pts. Sept. 14
Walla Walla.. Puget Sound Ports. Sept. 14
Eureka Humboldt .: Sept. 14
North Fork.... Humboldt. ....'.:' Sept. 14
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
Pier.
Leelanaw....
St. Paul
Eureka ...
Arcata
Curacao
Australia
Corona
f-erapis
China
Ventura
September 1O.
N. Y. via Panama
Nome & St Michael
September 11.
Humboldt
Coos Bay
Mexican Ports ..*.
Tahiti direct
September 12.
Redondo & Way...
Hamburg & Way:.
China and Japan..
Sydney & Way Pts
September 13.
Portland & Astoria
Puget Sound Ports
September 14.
Humboldt
September 15.
San Diego & Way
2 pm Pier 10
10 am Pier 24
9 am Pier 13
2 pm Pier 13
10 am Pier 11
10 am Pier 7
9 am Pier 11
12 m Pier 27
1 pm PMSS
10 am Pier 7
11 am Pier 24
11 am Pier 9
1:30 p Pier 9
9 am Pier 11
O. w! Elder.
City Fuebla..
Pomona
Santa Rosa..
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
Portland Nome &St. Michael.. Sept. 10
Bertha Valdez & Way Ports... Sept. 10
Dirigo Skagnay & Way Ports. Sept 12
Garonne Nome direct. Sept. 12
CoUape City... Skaguay & Way Ports. Sept. 13
Humboldt Skaguay & Way Ports. Sept. 13
Centennial Nome & Teller Sept. 15
Al-KJ Skaguay & Way Ports. Sept. 16
¦ A REGULAR Auction Sale EVERT #v
HttjesDAT at 1140 Folsom street at 11 *-»^
a. m. at the largest stock of horses, wagons,
buggies, carts, harness and saddles that was
ever offered on the market.
SAM WATKINS, Auctioneer.
AUCTION SALES
GRAND AUCTION (
24 Palo Alto Brood Mares
In foal to Mendocino 2:19%. Azmoor 2:20%. Al-
tlvo 2:18%. Monbells and Exioneer.
Included In this sale are such famous mar**
as Aldeana 2:23, Emaline 2:27%. Nordlca 2:19%.
Memento 2:25%. Linnet 2:29%, Miss Naudo
2-29% and other speed-producing- dams, by the
most fashionable elres on this great farm.
This ls without doubt the greatest opportun-
ity for our California farmers to get grand-
looklnr. standard trotting mares, in foal to th«
greatest young sires In this State. No reserve.
The mares are at AGRICULTURAL PARK,
Sacramento, where sale will take place next
FRIDAY, Sept, 13, 1901
Commencing at 10 a. rn.
WM. G. LAYNG,
Liv« Stock Auctioneer,
Occidental Horse Exchange,
721 Howard St., San Francisco.
Horses at racetrack. Send for catalogue.COLLAMARINI AND RUSSO AS
THEY WILL APPEAR TO-NIGHT /
IN "CARMEN."
INCIDENTS AT THE CELTIC
UNION'S FESTIVAL AT GLEN
PARK.
Queensland lets certain land for grazing
at so Mow an . annual ' rental '• as three
farthinsa an acre. . . . • -¦
The holiday performances of "Barbara
Frietchie"- by the Neill company, at the
California yesterday afternoon and. even
ing again attracted big'crowds. To-night
the Netlls will produce Boucicault's
famous comedy-drama "The Jilt." They
": ' . '.
California.
Anthony Dean, a union teamster, living
at 20 Langton - street, was • beaten by . five
men. about 2 o'clock this morning, at the
corner of Third and Everett- streets.* He
was slightly Injured about the face.. He
claims to have recognized one of his as
sailants and Intends procuring a warrant
for his arrest.
Assault Union Teamster.
Jaxnes O'Brien Accidentally^ • Dis
: - charges His Bine and' Is Seriously
Wounded in the Back. ',..'
BERKELEY, Sept. , 9.— While he was
climbing over ; a fence- in: the .hills '; this
moraine. James O'Brien, 14 years old, ac-
BOY SHOOTS . HIMSELF :
WHILE OUT HUNTING
OAKLAND, Sept. 9.— Bent.upon suicide,
Mrs. Rose Regalia tried to kill. herself by
cutting her throat two weeks ago at her
home in Pleasanton. ' She did not succeed,
however, and was taken to the County
Hospital for treatment. The hospital
authorities have become convinced that
the woman is insane, and to prevent her
taking her life brought her to the Receiv
ing Hospital for examination for Insan
ity. . The examination will take place.to
morrow. . "
Woman Bent on Suicide.
"The Taming of the Shrew," Shakes
peare's delightful comedy, was presented
for the first time at the Alcazar Theater
last night to a crowded house, and the
management is to be congratulated upon
the success achieved by Miss Florence
Roberts, supported by White Whittlesey
and the stock companyl The. version used
Is the one adapted by the late Augustin
Daly, in which Ada Rehan as Katherine
scored such a brilliant success. Miss
Roberts' interpretation of the part is
clever and not lacking In brilliancy. In
the shrewish scenes she was forceful and
effective without exaggeration, and when
completely tamed she was simply bewitch
ing. The scene in the fourth act, when
the taming process is nearlng Its close
was delicious. White Whittlesey is an
Ideal Petruchlo, and gives to the part that
virility and dash which make it thorough
ly convincing and appreciable. His deliv
ery last night was somewhat marred by a
slight hoarseness. Barton Hill as Bap
tista, father of Katherine: Lucius Hen
derson as Luccntlo, Carlyle Moore as
Hortensio and Paul Gerson . as Tranio
were excellent. Agnes ¦ Ranken was a
charming Blanca, and all the other parts
were well sustained. The costumes were
elegant and the scenery splendid.
Alcazar.
HAYWARDS, Sept. 9.— J. H. Strow
bridge, one of the original builders of the
Central Pacific Railroad, has recovered
from a severe attack of congestion of the
lungs, which nearly resulted in pneumo
nia. Mr. Strowbridge was taken sick some
weeks aeo. It was feared he would not
be able to rally from the disease, but yes
terday he was sufficiently recovered to be
able' to dispense with the services of a
physician.
Mr. Strowbridsre was the man who hadj
charge of all of the grading and tunnel]
building of the Central Pacific Railroad
when it wa3 built over the Sierra Nevada
Mountains. He was for many years su
perintendent of construction on the road
and had the care of all of the trackd,
grades and tunnels of the line. In 1892
he retired from the company to his farm
in Castro Valley, which Is the finest In this
neighborhood.: ' ¦' ¦ [¦'. .-
Prominent Railroad Man Rallies
From Attack of Congestion
of the Lungs.
J. H. STBOWBEIDGE IS.
OUT OF ALL DANGER
Lishop C. C. McCabe Announces Ap
pointments to Various Churches
' for Coming Year.
OAKLAND, Sept. 9.— The annual'con
ference of the German Methodist churches
of California held its. last session yester
day afternoon. Just before the close
Bishop C. C. McCabe announced the fol
lowing appointments for next year:
W. C. Schmulzter, to be presiding elder of
California district; £ William Kohlenburger.
Anaheim; C. F. Boner, Lorin; D. Wilke, First
Church, Los Angeles; F. Bonn, Z ion Church,
Los Angreles; Marysvllle, to be supplied; L.
E. Schneider, Oakland; F. Meyer, East Oak
land; * George Schroeder, PaBadena; Jacob
Schneider. Prospect Park; Rheinhart Stein-,
back San Diego and Sorento; Santa Cruz, to
be supplied; J. C. Vog-el, Folsom street. . San
Francisco; George Goth, St. John's : Church,
San Francisco; 1 William Schuldt, St. Paul's
Church, San Francisco; Emll H. Baab. San-
Jose; Louis Kroeck, Santa Rosa and Mount
Olives; G. J. Schultz, Stockton and Tracy;
¦Wilmington and Peris, to be supplied. i_
The appointment of professor of modern
languages in the University of the Pa
cific was . given : to J. W. , Riedemann. H.
H. Meyer, who was not named in the ap-'
pointments, will be assigned to a position
in one of the German schools later.
GERMAN METHODISTS
....."• CXOSE CONFERENCE
The building itself will be of Colusa
granite and white marble. There will be
two entrances, built x entirely of white
marble. The main entrance will face on
Grove street. A smaller entrance will
face Fortieth ' street. The Romanesque
style of architecture has bden followed by
the architects. It is . estimated that the
building, exclusive of furnishings, will
cost the parish $40,000. .-¦-.•
According to the plans, the interior of
the church will be finished handsomely in
hardwood. There will be seats for 650
people. The altars and other fittings will
be most modern and expensive.
Father Serda, who has been pastor of
Sacred Heart parish for twenty-five years,
is exercising general supervision over the
plans and work. -He has worked indefati
gably for the new -church, and said to
day that he was delighted at the pros
pect of its being ready for occupancy this
year. •¦•¦¦ ;¦. ';-¦ ¦; •;¦..-.. ... i ¦¦ ¦ £i
The site for the new building is at the
corner of Fortieth and \. Grove streets.
Work was commenced at that point to
day upon the excavations for the founda
tion, which will be of concrete and three
feet In depth. The ground plan takes up
nearly all of the site. ' <
Ground was broken this morning for the
new church edifice for Sacred Heart par
ish that will replace the one destroyed by
fire four years ago. Work will be rushed
on the building in an endeavor' to get It
under cover before the rains set -in. It
will take four months to complete the
building.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Sept, 9.
Von Suppe's delightful mythological
comic opera, "The Beautiful Galatea,"
was splendidly produced at Fischer's
Concert-house last night, with Mabel
Martin as Galatea, Minnie Huff as Gany
mede, Frank Onslow as Pygmalion and
Henry Roland as Midas. The singers
were all in excellent voice and carried the
humorous situations of the operetta in
splendid style. Others on an unusually
Interesting programme "were Mae Tunni-
Eon, the favorite soprano; Wren and
Linden, in an amusing sketch; June
Matthias, the .clever child performer;
Sam Holdsworth, tenor, and Merle Stan
ton, balladist.
Fischer's Concert House.
Sacred Heart Parish Is
Soon to Have House
of Worship.
A recent tabulation made by a Swiss
economist put the aggregate savings de
posits of European countries ¦ at more
than JS.000,000,000 in the summer of the
year 1900.
A large audience enjoyed the new bill
at the Chutes last night. Talkative Miss
Norton proved a' clever entertainer/Ernest
Yerxa.a clever contortionist, and Miss Ada
Sweeney in illustrated songs are also new
and scored big hits. Sisson, Wallace &
Co. continued their clever, comedy sketch,
"My Wife's Presents," and received num
erous curtain calls for their clever work.
Other holdovers are the Standard Quar
tet, Ameta, spectacular dancer/ and new
moving pictures.
Chutes.
The boys refused to allow a surgeon to
attend to the" wound before they started
for their home. The only information the
lads gave concerning their residence was
that they lived on Guerrero street. ¦ ,
cidental! y discharged his rifle and ' was
shot, the bullet lodging under his shoulder
blade. The wounded boy was assisted to
the train by his brother, who was with
him. and taken to San Francisco, where
he lives. -. ! +
St. Brigid's and St. Brendan's Gath
erings at Sffhuetzen and Fairfax.
SAN RAFAEL, Sept. 9.— The annual
picnic and outing of St. Brendan's parish
of San Francisco was held to.-day at Fair
fax Park. Special trains brought about
1500 of the merrymakers to the grounds,
where a continued round of pleasure kept
them busy until late in the afternoon.
There were races, games and dancing,
¦while prizes were plentiful enough for all.
The- weather was splendid. The untiring
efforts of the Rev. Fathers J. Nugent and
P. J. Quinn, who were assisted by an able
committee, were appreciated.
The parishioners of St. Brigid's parish
of San Francisco, together with their
friends, gathered in Schuetzen Park to
day to enjoy their annual reunion. Nearly
2000 people attended and enjoyed the pro
gramme of amusements provided by a
thoughtful committee. Music, dancing and
games were the order of the day. Among
the committeemen were the Rev. Father
J. McAuliffe. Dr. T. L. Mahoney. Dr.
Frank J. Tillman. J. P. Duffy. J. J. Toohy
and S. D. Russell.
SUCCESSFUL PARISH PICNICS.
"Standing room only," and not much of
that, was the rule at the Orpheum on. the
second night of the new bill. "Chums,"
the sketch by the George W. Leslie Com
pany, improves on acquaintance and
keeps the audience in good humor. Mile.
Lotty wears the fewest clothes on record
on the stage and she's a dandy butterfly.
Ernest Hogan, the prince of darky com
edians, is the star of the week and is
hauled so often before the curtain that
he is getting ashamed of himself. Powell,
the magician, has new acts and La Val
lee, talkative Miss Norton, Libby, Trayer
and Gilbert, the Five Sunbeams and the
rest of the holdovers are as attractive as
ever.
Orpheum.
A performance worthy of the holiday
vas given last night at the Tivoli with
Tivoli.
Laura Kelson Hall's Lygla is a very
pretty piece of work. She is a graceful
and pretty girl, looks the part most pleas
ingly and acts the Christian maiden in a
thoroughly sympathetic fashion. The
8nile old gentleman Mr. Byers makes of
•ro. the inspired badness of Miss Buck
ingham's Poppaea and the flat and unat
tractive Eunice of Josephine Thynne
would best go without saying, and, with
the exception of Gilbert Gardner's Chi
lonides, the Aulus Plautlus of Burr Car
ruth and the clever work of little Flor
ence Emery as Aulus Junior, the rest is
In the same useless key. For next week
"Richelieu," with Mr. Haworth in the
nr.me part, is announced.
Vadis" that is the offering at the
Grand Opera-house this week. After the
variations on the noble Roman's role that
pe have here been favored with, Mr. Ha-
Vorth's Vinicius comes gratefully. It Is
a. dignified and spirited effort, as far re
moved from the stiffness of the tradition
al handling of the part as from the collo
quial freedom of gome later renderings.
The sentiment never descends to the
bathos that lies eo dangerously near and
the lines are given with much elocution
ary charm and ease. Mr. Mayall is cu
riously reminiscent of Melbourne Mac-
Dowell in voice and personal appearance
and even »n some tricks of expression.
Mr. Mayall does Petronius, and though
his work will not set the Thames afire It
is intelligent and pleasing.
&-r|»«qHE Vinicius of Joseph Haworth.
j I Laura Nelson Hall's Lygla and In
I a lesser degree Herschell Mayall's
|| Petronius are the features of "Quo
Montanari is a very Italian Marguerite,
much too dramatic. This was perhaps
most noticeable in the singing of the
beautiful ballad, "King of Thule," a lit
tle day dream made- audible, and even the
"Jewel Song," with Its larger dramatic
opportunity, is overacted. There Is a cer
tain piquancy about Montanari. however,
that invests whatever she does with a
kind of personal charm, and her Mar
guerite was no exception. Siebel is n>"t
by much Pollettlni's happiest part, an<3
the lack of evenness in her voice is very
apparent in the favorite "Flower Song."
The chorus was in fine shape, and the
orchestral work, but for hurried tempos
that were commoner than, comfortable,
was better than usual. "Carmen" ; to
night, with Collamarini.
Signor Dado has wakened up. His
Mepkisto of last night was an all-round
satisfying performance and largely in
the nature of a surprise. One has known
that the Tivoli De Reszke could look and
sing the part most excellently, but his
Mephlsto in the Boito opera gave not the
slightest Indication that he could act
the role to satisfaction. His work of last
night, therefore, replete with humor,
subtlety and spirit, was as welcome as it
was unexpected, and is one of the bes-t
things of the season s<o far. One point
Signor Dado yet misses, a dear and fa
miliar expectancy with audiences, that of
taking his hearers fully into his conJl
dence in the fooling of the susceptible
Martha in the garden scene — just a glance
to share laughs with them. Thej"Calf of
Gold" was admirably sung, and through
out Signor Dado is at his best. Agnoa
tini's Faust is a most pleasing effort, and
he was heartily applauded for his work.
He was not in quite so good voice as
usual, however. Salassa. in blonde love
locks and mustache, makes a brave I'm
ure as Valentine, and .sings his two
beautiful songs with all his accustomed
art— barring a few upper notes that he
left to take care of themselves for some
mysterious reason— as he later took a
note two tones higher with ease.
"Faust" for the programme and one of
the best casts of the season, including
Dado, Salassa, Agostini, Montanari, Pol
lettini and Cortesi.
Professor Larsen, who was scheduled to
make, an ascension in his balloon. Sham
rock II. had to disappoint the crowd, as
his balloon burst while being filled. An
exhibition of Irish step dancing was given
during the day and evening. The four
handed reel by Miss Julia Malloy, Miss
Anna Kavanagh and Professors J.. J.
O'Connor and J. P. Kelleher was a, feature
of the exhibition. A grand fireworks dis
play in the evening preceded the ball in
the pavilion. Busts of Parnell and
Emmet and a grand final piece, "The
Dawn of Freedom in Ireland," .. in which
the [Irish and American flags were Inter-
• After the singing of "God Save Ireland"
by the audience the festivities of the day
were - resumed on the grounds.
or heredity our souls must and should be
Irish and nothing else. The Celtic Union
and the Gaelic League are striving to
know what Is best about the Irish people.
We are trying to show that we stand as
proudly erect before the world as the
scions of any nation under the sun."
"My cousin's story is not true," said
Sinz. "It was at her. request that I went
to the house this morning, but there was
no love-making nor any attempt on my
part to caress or to woo my cousin. I did
have a bottle in my pocket, but it did not
contain poison nor did I threaten to com
mit suicide. The vial was filled with tur
pentine, which I use for cleaning my bi
cycle.
"Mrs. Lemmle asked me to go for a
walk with her, but I had not the slightest
idea what she wanted to do with me."
The police decided that there was noth
ing to be done in the case.
Sinz is a veteran of the Spanish war,
having served on the Oregon during the
trouble with Spain. He was recently
discharged from the navy and is now re
siding at 1372 Ninth avenue. Mrs. Lemmle
was divorced from her husband several
years ago. . \
"My cousin called this morning and in
sisted that I should hear of his love for
me," declared the woman. "He said he
would take poison If I did not say I loved
him and he had a bottle of poison in his
pocket with whicn. to accomplish the
deed.
"I was so frightened that I did not
know -what to do. Then I suggested -we
take a walk, so I could get him into the
hands of the officers. I wanted them to
take charge of him because I feared he
would either harm me or himself."
Sheriff Rodgers directed Mrs. Lemmle to
the police station, where she repeated her
narrative. Sinz, however, put in a vigor
ous denial of his cousin's statements, in
sisting that she was absolutely wronf in
every detail; that he had not thought of
such a thing as lovemaking.
Mrs. Lemmle, by a subterfuge, induced
her relative to accompany her to the
Sheriff's office, where she related the story
of persecution, which formed the basis of
her complaint.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
, 1118 Broadway, Sept. 9.
Because, as she claimed, her cousin,
Charles W. Sinz, persisted in making love
to her and then threatening.to take poison
if he was rejected, Mrs. Marie L. Lemmle,
residing at 1827 Adeline street, appealed
to-day to the Sheriff and to the police for
protection.
Robert Downing as John the' Baptist
presents a most forceful interpretation,
while Annette Marshall as Herodlas dis
plays most pronounced dramatic force.
Robert Cummings as Herod Antipas
shares in the success of his associates and
the rest of the cast has improved much
since the first presentation of the drama.
The scenic effects and costuming form an
important part of the pleasure of witness
ing the play, which is likely to crowd the
Central for some time.
Edward Eisner's Biblical ' drama, ' "A
Voice From the Wilderness," was wit
nessed by a large audience last evening
that showed its appreciation of the au
thor's work and the delineations by the
actors by frequent applause and many re
calls at the end of each act.
Central.
a Peculiar Story of
Love-Making.
Mrs. Marie Lemmle .Tells
The meeting closed with the Pater
Noster in Gaelic by the audience, led by
Principal James O'Leary.
Gaelic song, (a) "Corrlg Donn," (b) "The
Coulln," M. J. Lawless, accompanied on the
piano by Mrs. P. J. Cotter; piano solo, Miss
Rose Walsh: vocal solo, Anglo-Irish song,
"The Lost Path" (Davis). Theodore Lynch;
vocal solo. "Dublin Bay." Mrs. James Martin;
piano solo. Miss Ethel Wilson.
After interesting introductory remarks
appropriate to the day by Chairman Law
less, selections were rendered by Master
Victor McCarthy and Miss Jennie Cronan
on the piano and violin. A dramatic read
ing by Francis McCallfster was heartily
encored, as was also his vocal solo. Re
marks by Stephen Mahoney, Hugh
O'Kane and Mr. McGinn followed. -The
following programme was rendered:
OAKLAND, Sept. 9.— A large and ap
preciative audience attended the' literary
and musical celebration given under the
auspices of Father Yorke Branch of the
Gaelic League to-night at St. Mary's
Hall, corner of Seventh and Grove streets.
The evening's programme commenced
with literary exercises in Gaelic by Prin
cipals James O'Leary, Mary A. Scuven,
M. J. Lawless and.H. O'Leary.
and Speeches Rendered in Their
Native Tongue.
Irishmen Heartily Applaud Songs
have never presented this piece in San
Francisco,- although they have been very
successful In it elsewhere. The play
abounds in bright comedy and strong sit
uations, and the leading members of the
company all have excellent parts. To
morrow, night "A'- Bachelor's Romance'?
will be seen here for the last time.
GAELIC LEAGUE GIVES
FINE ENTERTAINMENT
GROUND BROKEN
FOR NEW CHURGH
to the affection in which President Me-
Klnley is held by the Irish- American citi
zens. Colonel Barry pointed with pride
to the fact that in all the anarchistic
movements of this country the name of
an Irishman had never been associated
therewith. '
Colonel Barry then proceeded to explain
the objects for which the Celtic Union
is lending its best energies, that of rais
¦ing funds to build a hall where societies
devoted to the welfare and elevation ot
the Irish people could meet. He requested
all such societies to send five delegates
for the purpose of co-operating in the
project.
An essay on the subject "Ancient Sports
and Pastimes of the Gael," in the Gaelic
language, was read by the composer,
Conor Murphy, after which the literary
competition began. The judges of the
contest were Rev. Father Yorke, Jere
miah Deasy and Conor Murphy. The
subject for competition was "The Utility
of the Revival of the Irish Language."
There were three competitors — James
O'Leary, Michael J. O'Mahoney and M.
J. Connolly — all of whom evinced a thor
ough knowledge of the Gaelic language In
the treatment of the subject. After the
reading. of the essays the judges retired
for a brief period and Rev.. Father Yorke
announced the result. Father Yorke said
that the committee had* taken into con
sideration the style, composition, gram
mar, argument and delivery of the con
testants and It was decided to award
three trophies, in the following order:
First, O'Mahoney; second, Connolly;
third, O'Leary.
In announcing the result Father Yorke
congratulated his hearers on being- present
at an affair which, he said, was held for
a laudable purpose. t,
"1 am glad to see such'a large assem
blage here to-day," said Father Yorke.
"The trouble with the average Irishman
13 that he brings out his Irish flag and his
green regalia on St. Patrick's day and
then locks it up for the rest of the year.
I have no use for your lightning change
Irishman. Let him be Irish every day In
the week, Sunday Included. It is no use
to be Irish in spots. Man is what his
ancestors made him, and we Irish are
larger, more historic and have a more un
diluted ancestry than any other people In
Europe. If there is anything In breeding
Games and sports— Thomas M. Searey. chair
man: J. J. Kierce. M. J. Ryan, John O'Kan*.
J. J. Sullivan, M. J. Gorman.
Dancing — P. M. McGushln. J. J. Conniffe. J.
J. Mulhern. Mrs. S. McFadden, Miss J. Egan.
Miss J. Dillon, Miss M. O'Brien, Mrs. Theodora
Richards, Messrs. O'Connor & Kelleher.
Gaelic essay and poem— R. C. O'Connor, J. J.
Conniffe, T. J. Mellott. John Ganey, John Mul
hern. John McGratb.
Flcor— M. J. Hession, floor manager; O'Con
nor & Kelleher. J. J. Sullivan. T. J. Mellott.
John Burns. O. B. Retlly. Martin Lacey. E. J.
Nunan, James Morton, John H. McCarthy. John
D. Condon Jr.
Young men's race— J. Sullivan, J. Grady; fat
ladies' race— Mrs. Cronan, Mrs. X>. J. Hurley;
100 yards and repeat— J. Sullivan, D. Smith:
100-yard dash— J. Murphy: young ladles' rac« —
Miss Alice Xeecte, Miss May Keenan; fat men's
race— D. A. Desmond, M. D. Collins: hop, skip
and jump— J. Gillesple. 'William Case: raising
and striking ball— Ed Noonan, M. Menlhan.
The committees having the affair In
charge follow:
twined, and flights of rockets and bat
teries of stars illuminated the grounds and
adjacent hills. . *
The winners In the games and races fol
low: f -
pya-^aHE initial outing of the Celtic
I Union ¦ attracted more than 5000
I pleasure seekers to Glen Park
l| yesterday. ( The object of the out
- ing was tV form a nucleus to
secure, the erection of an Irish -Hall in
this city, and right nobly did the many
friends of the organization respond. The
gates of the park were opened at 8. o'clock
in the morning and merriment held full
sway from that time until midnight.
There were Irish games, Irish oratory,
Irish essays and poems and Irish danc
ing to interest the throng.'
\ Jeremiah Deasy, president of the Celtic
Union Hall Association, made a few open
ing remarks regarding the .purposes of
the gathering and introduced Thomas P.
Barry, president of the Celtic Union, as
the president of the day. •
As. a preface to his remarks Colonel
Barry announced that he had received a
telephone message from The Call that the
present condition of the Chief Executive
of the nation presaged his absolute re
covery. This announcement was received
with prolonged applause, which testified
ASKS POLICEMEN
TO BLOCK CUPID
The entire work, according to Engineer
Krusi, will occupy eighteen months. This
includes facing the canal embankments
with stone to protect them from the
action of the tides.
The dredger's work will not end with
the pumping of the water from the canal.
It will be shifted to San Leandro Bay as
soon as possible, where it will work at
the pastern end of the canal. The slickens
will be emptied into a dam that has been
constructed around some 600 or 800 acres
of marsh land in the neighborhood.
When the canal is perfectly free of
water the steam paddy will begin digging
its teeth into the embankments. It will
cut away the earth and make levels for
the support of Itself and the rallwav that,
will carry away all its product. It will
dump the earth as it picks it up into tne
little cars that will be run alongside It.
The paddy's task is to dig a canal 400 feet
wide and about half a mile long. In its
course it will encounter two bridges that
have already been built. The paddy em-'
ployed in this work comes from Chicago,
where it worked on the great drainage
canal. ."¦
It was understood that Lthe dredger
would be in the canal at least two weeks,
but the big machine performed its work
in just eight days. As soon as it finished
work last night preparations were at once
made to remove it from the canal. The
bridge was opened by means of the
dredger's steam winch, as it, could not be
opened otherwise on account of its rusty
condition, and at high tme it steamed its
way out of the artificial waterway. Traf
fic over the bridge was closed until noon
to-day, the street car system, being com
pelled to. change its time card and bear
all Oakland bound people via the Web
ster-street bridge. - I
The dredger will now be stationed just
outside -the canal, where it will be em
ployed to pump estuary slickens until the
mouth of the ditch is completely closed.
After this work is done the Olympia will
pump the water out of the canal. Engi
neer Krusi of the contracting company
says that the machine will remove all the
water within forty-eight hours. At pres
ent the dredger works with a twenty-inch
pipe when it takes up mud and water, but
when it pumps water only a thirty-inch
pipe is used. Once the water is removed
there will be little trouble in keeping the
canal practically dry.. A small steam
pump, will then be used to take' out all
the seepage and surface water that will
run into it. ¦¦...-•.. •
ALAMEDjV, Sept. 9.— The big "dredger
Olympia finished its task of removing the
mud from the bottom of the canal last
night. It has cleaned out all the refuse
that had collected in the ditch since work
on the improvement was abandoned ten
years ago, leaving it ready for the steam
paddy that will begin digging into the
earth next week. ¦ . •
Machines Will Be Occupied
Eighteen Months on
the Contract*
the Ditch Ready for
Steam Paddy. •
Removes Mud, Leaving
DREDGER QUITS
WORK IN CANAL
!riIE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 10, 1901.
Interesting Programme of Irish Sports, Step-Dancing, Essays, Poems and
Oratory, Concluding With a Grand Fireworks^ Display, Furnishes
Unlimited Enjoyment for Many Thousands of Pleasure-Seekers
MERRY THRONG ATTENDS FESTIVAL
OF CELTIC UNION AT GLEN PARK
Joseph Haworth's Vinicius in "Quo Vadis" Dignified and Spirited-— "Faust"
Given at the Tivoli With One of the Best Casts of the Season— .-"Taming
of the Shrew" Highly Successful at Alcazar-— Neill Pleasing Crowds
BILLS FURNISHED FOR AMUSEMENT
OF SAN FRANCISCO THEATER-GOERS
11
Better than any mere soap;
Fels-Xaptha: naptha and soap.
Your money back if you want it.
Fe!s & Co., makers, Philadelphia.
> visit DR. JORDAN'S great
MUSEUM OF ANATOMY
I g£ iKii£iEEi:K.fce:.e±t7a,s.r.Cii.
Sjr The Largest Anatomical Museum in the
I J&~**- World. VV raknessev or any contracted
ffg^aFj **«»»« f>»»"i»«-ly c-mrd hy tLe oldeit '
) fg Q I fcpeciiliit on the Coist. list 36 yeirs. (
1 RVf3 A DR. JORDAN-DISEASES CF KEN ,
f (?K?5B Con*u!t*tion 'free and strictly private.
1 1 X»«&f Pf TtMTOtnl p-rsonaliy or by l-ttcr. A 1
¦ (Jr V| m StonrNx Curt is every case undertakes. '
' ft if 1 A Wrilffor B'«ck. rail.OSOI'HVor ,
1 * || 1 Btm;!A(;i:, mailed free. (a\
DB. JOBDAX 4c <X>.. 1051 Market «t..R. P. '
AUVEBTTSEMENTS.
Tvorked its way to
the front, and is now known in every city, town and hamlet in the coun'try. Its
staunchest friends are those who have known it longest and have witnessed its
wonderful curative powers in their own families or among their friends and
acquaintances. Grateful patients in all parts of the country tell of their restoration
to health and happiness, and the testimony of these is the highest evidence of the
medicine's ¦worth. S. S. S. is more popnlar today than ever in its history— uo» |
¦ other remedy stands so high, has ever given such perfect satisfaction or is so
reliable in the cure of Cancer, Rheumatism, Catarrh, Contagious Blood Poison,
Scrofula, Eczema, Psoriasis, Salt Rheum,' Acne, or any disease that originates in
.the blood. Being strictly a vegetable preparation, you •will find it agrees with you
s.*nrach better than a drug store concoction or any of the "widely advertised potash
and mercury remedies, which affect the bones, muscles and stomach, causing
_, - m - Rheumatism or Dyspepsia. If you
Don't Experiment have never tried S. S. S., you will be
.<..:-,'. . surprised at the immediate good effects,-
7"Sl/f@ $m &m $0 for no sooner does it get into the circulation than the
appetite increases; you grow stronger, and gradually
but surely it drives out the poisons and restores the blood to a healthy condition.
If there is a sore or ulcer on the body, it begins to heal around the edges, the dis- .
charge finally ceases and the place gets well ; muscular and bone pains vanish, and
. the skin is relieved of all itching, irritating eruptions. Nervous, run down and
anaemiq people •will find S. S. S. just the medicine they need, for blood, poverty
and illy nourished nerves are responsible for their condition. For old people" and
children S. S. S. has no equal; being free from all minerals, it does not nauseate
or have any injurious effect whatever, and keeps the blood in good condition^ thus
fortifying against disease. Experience teaches what is good and what is not good ;
this applies particularly to medicine, and S. S. S., a>remedy that has retained the
confidence of the people for nearly 50 years, must have merit — IT CUKES, is the v
secret of its success. When you call for S. S. S. -^^^- iinna -.^ffi^L.'
don't be persuaded to accept something else —
there is no substitute for S. S. S. It is the only | *7™*m f C_^^ B f*^^3
guaranteed purely vegetable blood purifier, and \^^^ ' -\^^^/ \^^^^- \
the safest and best for all blood and skin
troubles. Do not let them force an inferior W^^^^M i^^w^Jr ft*"* ¦¦¦¦ i^ J g
mineral remedy on you because there is a larger
profit in it. If you have any blood or skin dis- '*—**
ease, don't hesitate to write us about it; our physicians will carefully consider
TOUT case and advise you without charge. Book on Blood and Skin Diseases fre«b
: -I K E SWIFT SPECIFIC COMPANY, ATLANTA, OAt :THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 10, 1901.
12
YOUNG man from IS to 20 years to drive deliv-
ery i wagon; must be familiar with Western
,'Addltlon; call to-day.. between 9 and 10. a. m.
-\ BLUM'S Confectionery, cor. of Polk and Sut-
. ter sts. , ¦ •
WANTED— 50. able-bod led men able , to handle
grain, etc.: none others need apply: wages 30
. rents per hour." board. lodHner nnd protection
included. Apply to WM. THOMAS, rooms 12
1 and 14. -506. Battery st, at 7 a. m. sharp,
: Tuesday, 410th. . .
1000 MEN wanted-Rock drillers, tunnel, brush
and shovel men to- work on ditch line being
constructed for the Sweepstake Mining Co.
near Weaverville. Trinity Co.. Cal.; apply on
work; steady work, good board and best
wages Inj State. San Francisco Construction
Co.. 26 Montgomery st. room 25. San Fran-
cisco. Cal. .. > "-—•> "" -
WANTED-Recrults ror ths marine corps. U.
S. navy; able-bodied, unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of 21 and 33; not
less than 5 feet 4 Inches and not over 6 feet 1
inch; able^to speak and read English. For
further information apply at the Recruiting
office. 40 Ellis st. San Francisco.
WANTED— 250 able-bodied men, ex-soldiers or
marines preferred; bring discharges or recom-
mendations. Apply room 10. 325 Montgomery
Ft. ; wages $3 per day and bonus.
WANTED— Cashboy 14 years of age or over.
Apply 'at HALE BROS.' before 11 a. in.
1000 MEN wanted— Sailors; stevedores, firemen,
laborers: steady employment; good wages.
u u ,?i^ r D ea' e rs' Association. 209 Examiner
building.
WANTED-=-Strevedores, seamen, firemen coal-
passers, cooks and waiters; good wages- per-
fect protection afforded on Broadway wharf
where employes are boarded and lodged on
steamer lying alongside; men working for
the company and giving satisfaction at this
time will be given preference in future. Ap-
ply to • Pacific Coast Steamship Company
Broadway wharf, San Francisco.
MEN WANTED IMMEDIATELY.
Carpenters, ,
Experienced Plledrl\-er Hands,
Experienced Raftsmen,
For work In this city at China Basin, Potrero
and for various lobs along the water front
Also for work at Mare Island and Hunters
Point drydocks.
Steady work at regular wages.
We are starting new Jobs dally, and will
put on all competent men applying at once.
BRIDGE AND WHARF BUILDERS' EM-
PLOYERS' ASSN..
Room 15. 4 California at.
MEN to learn barber trade: only requires eight
weeks; positions secured at $60 monthly-
special inducements this month: write at
once for free catalogue. MOLER BARBER
COLLEGE. 635 Clay Bt
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third st.; 150 largs
rooms; 25c per night: $1 to $3 per week.
STEADY, willing boy to learn trade; good op-
portunity. Carson Glove Co.. 35 Market st.
WANTED— Blacksmith. JOSEPH PIEROTT%
Second and Franklin sta.. Oakland.
WANTED— Boy of 16 in candy store. 949 Fill-
more st '
BARBERS— A four-chair barber shop for sail
cheap at. 2S0O Greenwich at.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, hal:
price. 563 Mission st. bet. 1st and 2d st3.
FOR sale-^First-class hotel barber shop ir
mountain town. H. BERNARD. 104 Seventh
ROCK drillers and quarrymen. Apply 23:
Montgomery st J^
WANTED— A man that understands nurserj
work and floral business. Call 500 Haight st
McDONALD & PERRY have 500 pairs second-
hand shoes for sale; 50c up. 241 Third st
100 ORDINARY teamsters. Apply at 232 Mont
gomery st
2 FIRST-CLASS cabinet-makers on wood man-
tels. MANGRUM & OTTER. 581 Market gt
WANTED— Men for light work on fruit 173:
Folsom st .
YOUNG man to do Janitor work for tuition Ir
San Francisco Barber School. 741A Howard st
"WANTED— 500 men to buy new and 2d-han^
army shoes. $1 up; soling 20c up. 923 Howard
WINCHESTER House.' 44 Third st. near Mar-
ket— 7C0 rooms. 25c night: reading rooms; free
'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 109$
Valencia st.
[ HORSES AXD WAGONS.
H BRANDENSTEIN & CO. has removed from
631 Mission st. to 819 Folsom st.,.with an as-
sortment of sale horses: also livery and board-
ing; new boarders solicited. WM. HELLIER.
H. BRANDENSTEIX
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market,
327 Sixth st; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE, Auctioneers.
A BARGAIN in good carriage, saddle, business
and road horses. DALZIEL. 60S G. G. ave.
FINE family horse for sale;' 5 years old; cheap.
Call at S23 Folsom st.
150 HEAD stock horses for sale. A. M. SCOTT
& CO., 35 Pore St.. S. F.
40 HEAD of work and driving horses; 2 fast
pacers. 721 Howard at.
FOR sale — Pair of stylish dapple gray carriage
horses; French stock. Box 68, Call office.
ONE milk wagon, business buggy, top buggy
and 1 glass parcel wagon. NE. corner Steiner
and Waller sta.
CHEAP — New panel body delivery, 1 laundry. 1
baker's, 1 shoe, 1 grocery wagon. 828 Harrison.
BOYCOTT the ROBERTS Harness and Wagon
I Co.; he sells too cheap. 54 Eighth at
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc., cheap. EG AN & SON, 2117 Mission st.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single: also light
camping wagon for sale, cheap. 532 Mission.
HOSPITALS.
MENTAL & nervous diseases cared for at San
Elmo Hospital. 230 Douglass at.. San Fran.
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
FINE comer flat. 5 front rooms; gas fixtures,
etc. ; $16 50 with water and ashman. Corner
Harrison and Oak Grove ave., bet. 5th & fith.
JONES, 1S09— House. 8 rooms and bath; good
marine view.
HOUSE, 9 rooma and bath, suitable for physi-
cian. 462 Gear7 st.
! SUTTER. 830, near Leavenworth— House. S
rooms and bath; key on premises.
SEVENTEENTH. 3o69-Six rooms; modern;
stable in rear.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In tha
United Ft--»te3 or Canada nn»» year for ft.
HOUSES TO LET — FURNISHED.
HOUSE of 10 rooms, partly furnished; furnace;
rent $35. 1717 Webster St.. near Bush.
HYPNOTISM.
SAN FRANCISCO School of Psychology:
chronic and nervous diseases a specialty;
stammering, liquor and tobacco habits cured;
practical instructions in hypnotism, etc. Of-
flce 504 Parrott building.
LOST AXD FOCTXD.
UNLESS the woman who took the diamond
rings from the ladles' toilet at Zlnkand's Res-
taurant returns the same at once to MR. ZIN-
KAND she will be prosecuted, as she is
known.
LOST— Black fur cape. Twenty-third St.. be-
tween Guerrero and Capp. 343S Twenty-first
. st. ; reward.
$3 REWARD-Lost. small fox terrier, whits,
with dark spots, black ears. Return to Ship
C. F. Sargent, Mission Wharf No. 2.
1 ON Shotwell I st. — Lady's brown leather purse
containing $5 S3' and keys. Return to 43 Shot-
well St.; reward.
LOST— Passbook of Hlbernla Bank bearing name
of BARTLETT S. MORRISSEY. Return to
bank.
LOST— White bull terrier. Return 111 Eddy at. ;
reward. #
LOST— A passbook with the Hlbernla Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, in the
name of DORA MARSHAL^ No. 239-131. Tha
finder will please return to bank.
IT will pay to "Remember" that the Califor-
nia Watch Case Co.. 223 Sutter St.. needs old
gold and silver to make new watch cases.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address Jn ta»
United States or Canada one year for n.
MATRIMONIAL.
GENTLEMEN wishl^g~to~mari^wea4 ttoy ladles
send 10c for latest list. Mrs. Hertz. 706 EH1».
MATTRESSES AND PILLOWS.
TO order, also cleaned and sterilized, uphol-
stery; Al carpet cleaning; honest work guar-
anteed. HOPKE BROS.. 411 to 415 Powell st. ;
tel. Bush 421. ?
MEDICAL.
DR. O'DONNELL— All who are sick and Jn
trouble call and consult the specialist My
medicines have been used for many years by
thousands; the unfortunate helped: relief in
all cases taken: the most obstinate cases
have been relieved by my treatments: fre»
confidential advice on all subjects of a deli-
cate nature; all classes of female complaints
treated; relief to the longest cases. DR. G.
W. O'DQNNELI,. 1013 Market st. opp. 5th.
RETURNED
MRS. DA VIES has returned from "her vaca-
tion and will be pleased to see her friends at
the old number. 1228 Market st.
HINDOOHERB AND MRS. DA VIES' original
method of treatment; maternity home; boms
in confinement. 1126 Market st.. 3. F.
DR. TALCOTT & CO.— Practice confined to
weaknesses and diseases of men only. 997
Market st.. corner Sixth; entire upper floor.
MRS. 5! ALLENJ 1113 Market— Reliable la-
dles* specialist; a priv. home before and dur-
ing confinement; best medical care: low fees.
MR3. D. KOHL, ladles' specialist removed
from Market at. to 410 O'Farrell st.
MRS. D. WYETH'S Maternity Home removed
from Post to 410 O'Farrell St.. near Taylor.
MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 135-197 Fremont st
BARS, back bars, mirrors, restaurant and po-
ker tables, barroom chairs, linoleum, new and
second-hand: we always have a large stock of
saloon outfits on hand; 32 complete outfits on
one floor, ready made; we can ship everything
In 24 hours. J. NOONAN. 1017. 1019, 1021. 1023
Mission St.. above Sixth: write for catalogue.
30-H.P. boiler and 23-H.P. engine complete.. $30O
20-H.P. boiler and 15-H.P.engine compIete.J23<>
10-H.P boiler and 8-H.P. engine complete.$123
6-H.P. boiler and 4-H.P. engine complete.. $T>
Also pipe, flttlnss, etc. H. S. WHITE. 318
Mission st.
MISFIT parlors (upstairs). 23 Stockton, rents
full dress. Tuxedo. Prince Albert' or mourn-
ers' black suits for $2 50; misfit tailor-made
suits and Raglans for sale and to rent; a bis
stock of travelers' samples in trunks, valisea
and full dreaa reasonable.
Graphophones, Phonographs, Gramophones, $5 ta
$150; easy terms; children's toy graphophones,
$1 50: 2d-hand Phonographs.Gramophones very
cheap. Columbia Phonograph Co.. 123 Geary.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear, machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 233-255 Spear st
SAFES — New and second-hand. THE HER-
MAN' SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento St.
PRINTERS— A fine tapeless 32x46 plate dUtrl-'
button drum cylinder. Box 1S6, Call offlc*.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— MALE.
RESPECTABLE young m\n wishes position as
collector; cash security and references given;
horse and buggy furnished if desired. Box 238,
Call office. ;
MIDDLE-AGED man familiar with the city
wants to drive and care for 1 or 2 horses.
Box 243, Call. .. : . ..¦¦ .-¦¦¦¦ -
SHOEMAKER, steady and competent man,
wants position; mountain or coast town pre-
f erred. Address J. K.. care Call office.
A FIRST-CLASS wine cellarman; 18 years' ex-
perience, beat references, wants situation.
Box 100. Call. •
SOBER elderly man wants work private fam-i
ily; used to horses, garden, cook, baker; use-
ful in general; references; wafes no object.
r Box 2308, Call office. Oakland. . . ¦
WANTED by trustworthy man, position as
night or day watchman, with good city ref-
erences. Box 223. Call.
A FIRST-CLASS bread and cake baker wishes
situation; country preferred. Address box 229,
Call office.
A RELIABLE young man, liberally educated,
desires profitable employment. Box 224. Call.
MAN and wife . wants position together in
first-class country hotel; man as manager,
clerk or bartender; is a" first-class mixer;
wife as housekeeper, waitress or chamber-
maid; both thoroughly experienced in hotel
business; first-class references. Address
P. O. box 574. Oakland. Cal. '
TO master bakers— An energetic, steady Scotch-
man; 23 years' experience; biscuit, bread or
pastry; machine or hand; can take full man-
• agement if necessary. J. DOUGLAS, Brook-
lyn Hotel, city. -
YOUNG man, well educated in German and
English, desires position'.' best of references
and recommendations given; • country pre-
f erred. Box 184. Call office. ,
INDUSTRIOUS gardener desires situation ; prl-
' vate residence; the care of flowers, lawn, veg-
etables, horses and milk: useful and obliging;
city or country. Box 198, Call office.
MAN wishes a position in hotel or store; is a
good cabinetmaker; non-union man. Box 190,
Call office.
WANTED by a first-class baker— A position in
country; working alone preferred. . Address
box 83, Call office. ¦
COOK— A middle aged man would like to get j
a place to do plain cooking In a small coun-
try town. Please address Cook, 549 Howard.
JAPANESE faithful boy wants to work In store
or office; best reference. Box 119. Call office. |
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencla st.
FEATHERS RENOVATED. -
FEATHER pillows & mattresses steamed, reno-
vated. E.J.O'Rourke.1393 Valencia :tel. Capp 26S2/
PACIFIC Coast Underwriting Co. <lnc.)-^We
have' 42 offices In operation; new method of
placing stocks and bonds; companies Incor-
porated; stocks and bonds underwritten. Call
or address main office; 507-8-9 Parrott bldg.
FLATS TO LET. (
COLBT^Kf^T^etT^e^ah^and" FVederfelTsti'.—
Fine rew sunny flats, 7 rooms and bath;
rent reasonable.
FEAT of 6 rooms and bath; range; $10. Jersey
tand Sanchez.
FURNITURE of 8-room flat for sale; flat to
rent cheap. 1620 Polk st. .
A CLEAN, sunny, newly papered; 1 .month
free. 250 Tehama st, near Third.
ALPINE, 173— New upper flat, 8 rooms, bath;
all modern improvm'ts; sun every room; $25.
FLAT of 4 rooms, bay window and bath, $12.
716 Natoma st, between Eighth and Ninth.
HOWARD, 1133— A flat of 4 nice -sunny rooms;
a large cellar; cheap, rent.
MODERN flat of 3 rooma. Inquire at 310 "Wal-
ler st
NEW sunny upper flat; 6 rooms. 407 Grove st.
O'FARRELL, 1933— Modern flat. 6 rooms, bath,
basement, yard; reasonable to good tenant.
STEVENSON, 413, near Fifth-Upper flat, S
rooms; rent $13; water free.
TO let — A flat of 6 rooms and bath at 1937 Ma-
son st. , '-
$17 50— FLAT of 5 rooms and bath; 571 Hayes
st., near Laguna ; no email children.
$13— LOWER flat 4 clean rooms and hall; yard.
430 Seventh St.. near Harrison.
FLATS TO LET — FURNISHED.
NEWLY furnished sunny .-flat. -7-. rooms and
bath, to let. 430 Endy St. .__
FLATS WANTED.
[ WANTED — A 4 to 6 room cottage or flat with
bath: between Haight. Jackson. Franklin and
Powell; no children; state price. Box 217, Call.
-FRAMES AXD PICTURES.
CLYDE L. KELLER. 128-130 Hayes. nr.V. Ness—
Stylish effects: High-grade work: Lowest prices.
' FURNITURE FOR SALE.
$17 60 — SOLID oak bedroom set; plate mirror.
$1— Solid oak chair; Tactory price.
$2— Enamel beds, all sizes. Tel. Folsom 1328.
Searey'a Credit House, 1429 Mission, nr. 10th.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak. $43 50, with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
Will furnish your house on monthly payments.
A. B. Smith Furniture Co.. 128 & 132 Ellis.
FURNITURE WANTED.
CAL. Auction Co.,' 1462 Market— Buys furniture,
merchandise, etc.; phone Jessie 2071.
Auctioneer; W. P. Beauchamp. 2 Golden Gate
ave.; tel. Jessie 126: furniture, mdse., bought.
A. L. Storrs, 130 Golden Gate ave.; tel. Jessie
14C4; highest price paid for furniture, carpets.
TEL. Jessie 761 before selling furniture, car-
pets. pianos, etc. CHAS. LEVY. 1135 Market.
A. WOLLPERT, 773 Mission St., pays highest
price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1354.
' •
D. & F. new $1 glove, retailed at factoi^price;
warranted; kept in repair. 121 Grant ave.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
2 IRONERS, country, $20 per month;- restau-
rant cook, $35; French second girl, Oakland,
$25; waitress and pantry girl, institution, $20
each; second girl, Bleep home, $25; lady's
maid, $30, see lady here to-day; 2 waitresses,
city hotel, $20 each; housework. Mare Island.
3 in family. $25; housework. 4 In family,
country. $30; nurse, one child, 3 years old,
$25. MISS 9ULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
A— 3 HEAD waitresses, city and country.... $30
Waitress, South, fare advanced $25
: Waitress, Marysvllle .^ ..$.0
Waitress, Sausalito .. TfT.. ........ .$20
Waitress, Red Bluff, arm work ..$20
Waitress, Watsonvllle ._ $20
2 .waitresses, Napa %•£<)
Waitress, Antloch _ $2%
25 waitresses, city and commercial hotels $20
and $25 -..'..
.FAMILY DEPARTMENT ;
Cooks, housegirls, second girls, nurseglrls can
' secure positions by applying to .
C. R. HANSEN & CO.: 104 Geary st.
A— MRS. M. E. DAY & CO.... Phone MaiivTaTS
.' HOTEL DEPARTMENT
2 head waitresses, $30; 12 waitresses, city and
-country hotels, $20 and $25; 4 chambermaids
to wait, $20; 2 waitresses, restaurant, $7
and $8 •
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
2 cooks, English and German families, $30;
waitress, private family. $25; cooks, second
..girls, city and country. $30, $25, $20. .MRS.
M.'E. DAY & CO.. 335 Geary St.
WANTED— General housework, sleep home, $30;
cook, see lady 11 o'clock, $30; 2 parlor maids,
$25; nurse, country. $25: clt>v$20, $25; 6 second
• girls, sewing,. $20. $25; 4 restaurant waitresses,
$7. $8 week; ironer. country laundry. $30 and
found; cleaning woman, club, $20; 40 girls for
all kinds of housework, city and country. Ap-
ply to J. F. CROSETT & CO., 316 Sutter st.
TWO extra waitresses, country. $1 50 free far*
both ways. MRS. M. , E. DAY & CO. 333
Geary st.
WANTED— Experienced operators on ladles'
wrappers: -steady work; electric power; good
,pay. MARKS BROS.. 1212 Market st.
GIRL for general housework; 1 hour from city;
.man does outdoor work, and windows. Call
829 Union st, Tuesday, after 11.
WANTED— Finishers ¦ and operators on pantB; 1
" steady work; good wages. SELIG BROS., 108
Battery si. \ • " v ;
WANTED-GIrl to assist in light housework;
plain cooking. 1732 Buchanan st.,9 to 1 p.m.
GIRL to wait at table and second work. 662
Fulton st. ' -. . . . ...
FRENCH speaking fancy goods saleslady
.'.. wanted. "Box 235, Call office. .• '
YOUNG girl to assist In housework. 1615 Post
. street." .. . :.-. ¦ ;,;:¦;- ;¦¦ . „ ¦ , v .-.-,• ,•¦><¦..
A WAITRESS wanted at 9 Drumm st.; no Sun-
day.work. ¦..¦¦¦•-••. - , ¦ - - . ..,•.-*
WANTED— A ' good cook; small family; apply
r. mornings. - Address . 2524 Pine st.
GIRL for. cooking and general housework. Ao-
; ply between hours 9 and 2. 2422 Clay st. .-•"¦•.
FIRST-CLASS' cook. > city - references required.
•2327. Devlsadero St., between 9 and 12 a. m."
NEAT young girl to I assist with housework.
Inquire at S03 Howard st" " ' ';
JBtELP WANTED — FEMALE— Con/^
GIRL wanted to help light ho'usework and as-
sist with children; Catholic preferred. " 435
Haight st , - -
GIRL for general housework; no children;
wages $20; references. Box 236, Call offlcg.
CHAMBERMAID wanted at The Rosedale, 321
Ellis 3t; call early.
COOK and assist In housework. 2033 Pierce st,
bet. California and Sacramento, 9 to 12.
SALESLADY for dry and fancy goods store:
reference and experience necessary. 1400
Stockton st
GIRL for light housework; no children; $15.
136 Hartford st.. off ISth, near Castro.
WANTED— An errand girl at 766 Geary st.
EXPFTUENCED girls wanted; bookbindery.
536 Clay st
AN upstairs girl. 12C8 O'Farrell' st.
LUNCH waitress wanted. Apply 631 Clay st
GIRL for general housework and cooking; ref-
erence. Call at 613 Ellis st.
GIRL who understands German cooking; wages
$25/ 818 Hayes st.
RESTAURANT waitress wanted; good pay. 631
Clay st. ¦ . "
OPERATORS on overalls at Levi Strauss &
Co.'s factory. 32% Fremont St.; good wage's;
. no experience necessary. • ' Apply to MR.
DAVIS. •
BUTTONHOLE and felling machine operators
on overalls. 9 Hill st. off Valencia, be-
tween Twenty-first and Twenty-second.
OPERATORS on children's coats; good wages.
656 Mission st.j fourth -floor.
OPERATORS on ladles' underwear to take
work home. 656 Mission st, fourth floor.
GIRL for general housework in a small fam-
ily. 7S8 Hayes st.
WANTED— 25 pretty girls for "Carmen."- Ap-
ply at Tlvoli to-day, 1 p. m. .
WANTED— A girl for light housework; good
wages. 2817 California st.
APPRENTICES to learn tailoring: paid while
learning. BELASCO & HARRIS CO. 541
Market st. ;
WANTED— Operators on laundried and negligee
shirts; a few Inexperienced taught' Apply
THE L. ELKUS CO.. 29 and 31 Battery st.
WAN "ED — An experienced art goods saleslady;
one who understands stamping. Apply at
HALE BROS., before 11 a. m.
WANTED — Young lady to be developed an a
medium; willing to travel when taught. Box
1S5, Call office.
EXPERIENCED "operators on muslin under-
wear; also learners paid while learning; G.
W. REYNOLDS. 597 Mission St.
WANTED— Healthy woman with common
school education for position as commercial
traveler. Box 202, Call office.
HAIRDRESSING, dyeing, bleaching, massage,
manicuring taught in 2 weeks for $5; employ-
ment guaranteed. College, 143 Stockton, r. 15.
OPERATORS on overalls. Apply HEYNE-
MANN & CO., 9 Hill st. oft Valencia, .be-
tween Twenty-first and Twenty-second.
YOUNG German widow wants a girl for houae-
work. Call after 1 p. m., 603 Minna st.
GLOVE makers: driving and Eurekas.* Carson
Glove Co., 25 Market st.
WANTED— P.efined, intelligent woman to act
as matron and superintendent of a training
.school for little girls; must be good cook and
thorough housekeeper, of gentle, patient dis-
position; hours 1 to 6 p. m. daily and 3 even-
ings weekly; salary $30 month ; references.
Box 219. Call office.
WANTED— Students to learn hairdressing.
. manicuring, bleaching and dyeing. In two
weeks for $5. Boston Hair Dressing College,
620V6 Taylor st.. near Post
EXPERIENCED girls wanted; bookblndery.
536 Clay st.
GIRL for cooking and housework; references
required. 1101 Green st., corner Leavenworth.
FIRST-CLASS finishers on coats; good pay;
steady work. £41 Market st. /
WANTED— W-omen for light work' on fruit
1731 Folsom st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 109S
Valencia st
IIELP WANTED-— MALE.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S .104 Geary st
Railroad Work Railroad Work
Free>Fare Free Fare
FOR UKIAH
100 teamsters $2 a day
100 laborers $2 a day
FOR NEVADA
100 teamsters '. {2 a day
100 laborers $2 a day I
FOR TRUCKEE
50 masons' helpers $175 to $2 a day
100 laborers ..* $175 a day
.FOR CHATSWORTH PARK
100 drillers and headers $2 25 to $2 50 a day
100 muckers and laborers $2 a day !
FOR SANTA FE SYSTEM j
50 laborers!, section work $175 a day j
Free Fare Ship Daily.. ;...... Free Fare
3 blacksmiths, country $2 50 to $3 a day
2 buggy washers.. $30 and fd and $50 and room
20 laborers, sawmill and woods $2, board 50c
10 laborers, lime quarry .$2 4 board $4 50 j
10 laborers, salt marsh $175, board $3 50
2 stable men, city $30 and found j
Farmers, milkers, choremen and others. ¦ I
HOTEL "DEPARTMENT J
2 fry cooks, restaurant, city $50 and $6(^
Cake baker, country shop $14 a week
Candy-maker, country ..$7 a week
Camp cook for 12 men $40, see party here
10 second cooks, city and country .$30 to $40
2 bellboys, country hotel.' $20 and found
Porters, bellboys, dishwashers, vegetable men,
kitchen hands, city end country $20 to $30 I
C. R. HANSEN & CO ....104 Geary st. I
AT THE CALIFORNIA EMP.' AGENCY^
59 Third st., near Call bldg.; phone Bush 433.
RAILROAD LABORERS
UKIAH! UKIAH! I
.- FREE FARE! ....'. i
CO R. R. laborers. Ukiah $2 per day
50 R. R. teamsters, Ukiah.. $2 to $2 25 per day
50 axmen. Ukiah $2 per day
Free fare to Fresno, Merced -and Bakersfield. !
50 shovclers for Santa Fe R. R. ; 50 section
- hands for Santa Fe R. R $175 per day
10 lumber pliers and yard men... ....$2 a day
10 laborers, country $2 per day
10 quarrymen, $2 per day. board 60c per day.
Cooks, sailors and deckhands for England,
Honolulu or Japan; green or experienced..
$40 per month and found
3 men to gather beans, $30 per month and
found. *
STENOGRAPHER and typewriter for commls-
nlon house, $9 a week; 5 men and wives for
private places and ranches, $40, $45 and $50
and found; married foreman for ranch. $45 to
$50 and house rent; farmers. S25, $26 and $30
and found; milkers, $23 and $40 and found;
milk wagon driver; fruit peddlers; fruit pick-
ers; teamsters; choreman for private place.
$25 and found, and others. J. F. CROSETT
¦ & CO., 1 628 Sacramento st. •
BEDMAKER. $6 week; night clerk. $7 week:
cabin boy. $20 and found; bell boy, $15 and
found; Italian cook for men, $26 and found;
German attendant for invalid, $35 to $40 anil
found: waiters, dishwashers and others. J.
F. CROSETT & CO.. 628 Sacramento St.
ANDRE'S Office, 316 Stockton st— Man to take
care of 'horses, milk cows, etc., $30, country,
see party in town: gardener. $25; 2 butlers,'
$30 and $45; middle-aged man for private
place. $13; gardener." near city. \ $20; ten men
for salt works. $1 75 a dav; kitchen fireman.
$30; potwasher. hotel. $27 50; dishwasher. $30;
young man for road house, country, $30;
-lroner, $35: porter. • country hotel. $30; shara-
pooer, country, $35. .
A — FOREMAN for steam laundry," country, $50;
boy" about 15 years old for store work, $3 week
and increase. MRS. M. E. DAY & CO.. 335
Geary st.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE. 26 Montgomery, room 12
— Second cook small country hotel,' $40; 3
colored walterfr Steady jobs. $30.
MAN to help in clean, nleasant business. 9 a..
¦ m. to R p. m.. $15 to $18 per week; must have
have $75 and be ready to go to work at once.
California Business Exchange. 78 Third St.,
room 2. . .
JOURNEYMEN Barbers' International Union—
Free employment. 927 Market Ft.» room 207,
I. LESS. ¦ secretary: telephone Jessie 1176.
MASTER barbers, meeting to-n!s;ht 8:30 at
102 O'Farrell st. 'S. HELLER, Secretary
• Master Barbers' Association.
— ~_ ____JDENTISTS 1 _ ____^
A— DR."'tvT~HIGGINS™927 Market street,
Emma Spreckels building. ' Reasonable prices
. for painless dentistry; pure gold filling $150;
artificial teeth, on plate, look natural ; and
guaranteed, $5 up; a good metal plate $15;
gold and porcelain crowni $5 to $10; teeth
without plate; painless extraction.. s.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, 809 Mar-
ket st, cor. 4th, rm, 7, Flood bldg., you can
havo your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; ; gold' crowns,
$3 60 up; plates, extractions free, $4 50 up; of-
fice hours, 9 a. m. to 10 p. m.: Sundays, 9 to
2 p. m. J. W. THATCHER, M. P., Manager.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns^ plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions or fillings by my
wonderful secret, painless method ; 20 , years'
experience; no students; advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed: lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell St.
A— NEW unbreakable plate, the Rose Pearl,
wen-anted for 20 years; crowns, $3 50; fillings.
- 50c; plates, $5; full set: all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental" Parlors, 24 Sixth.
AT Ideal Dental Co., 6 Eddy st— Work done
on weekly installments; lowest rates.
DR. M. A. BROWN has removed to 54 Sixth
St.; gold crown and bridge work a specialty.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush—
Full set of teeth, $4; crowns, $3; fillings, 25c.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. gT
YOUNG. 1S41 Polk st.
DR. R. L. WALSH, 813% Geary, nr. Larkln— Pain-
less extraction 50c; plates $5 up; phone Polk 1135.
DR.* H. G. TRUMAN, denist. third floor. Ex-
aminer building; formerly In Murphy bldg.
VAN VROOM— "Painless" ; evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market st. corner Sixth. ."
EDUCATIONAL.
NIGHT SCHOOL FOR MEN.
A practical and Industrial education for men;.
Y. M. C. A. building; more courses of study
than any other night school In the city for a
remarkably low tuition; send or apply for the
prospectus at the building, corner of Mason
and Ellis sts. ; opening night Tuesday, Sep-
tember 10; registration beginning September
1; decartments— Art, business, civ!! service,
elementary, engineering, high school, lan-
guages. H. J. McCOY. general secretary; A.
A. MACURDA. educational director.
AYRES' Leading Business College. 723 Market—
$8 per month; $50 life scholarship guarantees a
complete business education: shorthand, typ-
ing, bookkeeping, arithmetic, penmanship,
spelling, Sapnlsh, etc.: experienced teachers;
new typewriters; positions secured; cat free.
GALLAGHER-MARSH College. Parrott bldg.—
Shorthand, typing and bookkeeping; Robert
F. Gallagher, expert court reporter, teacher of
shorthand: reportorlal phrasing taught; prac-
tical bookkeeping, full course. $50: catalogue. .
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory-
school for the university, law and. medical
colleges: references. President Jordan or fey.
Stanford professor. Phelan building. .. '.:.;".'_',
ACTING, elocution, specialties. Hallett School.";
associated with theatrical agency securing
positions. Alcazar building. 120 O'Farrell. st. J
MERRILL- MILLER, College— Shorthand, typ-
lng, practical bookkeeping. Roomi 40-45. Par-
rott bldg.: Individual Instruction; catalogue.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec.mlning.mech. sur-
vey. essay, cyanide; day, eve. ;. est. 1864. Van '
der Nalllen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall. ;
BOOKKEEPING, figures; the one man who per- !
fects beginners, college graduates & bookkeep-
ers Is TARR. the expert. 220 Parrott bldg.
A FULL course of Ellis bookkeeplner and the
Gregg shorthand costs only $60. San Fran- ;
Cisco Business College. 1236 Market st. . |
SPANISH school— Dally. 4 to 9:3n p. m. with
Merrill-Miller College, room 42. Parrott bldg.
SPANISH— Conversation, letters: rapid method;
classes dally: $3 mo. Prof. Maya. 210 Eddy st.
VAUDEVILLE School of Acting— Pupils pre-
pared for the stage. 12S Mason St.
ACTING— Send to Grand Opera-house for cir-
cular of Grand Opera-house School of Acting.
Chicago Business College. 1435 Market, nr. 10th.
Pitman shorthand, typing. . bookkeep., $6 mo.
MARY P. WESTHAUS. piano, mando.ln. tniltar
lessons. EOe: piano for practice. 39 Fifth st.
PROF. L. MERKI. experienced teacher: violin,
mandolin, guitar: juvenile class. 1008 Mission.
ILLTISTRATION-PARTINGTON'S DAY and
ILLUSTRATION-nlght clarr 424 Pine st.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post st.S. F.;
founded 1SS3: new 80-pace-catalojrue free.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc. : day or eve. : $5 nw. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
JAPANESE andl Chinese 1 help 4 of f all tkinds ;
cooks, waiters and house servants. • GEO.
AOKI & CO.. 421 Post st: tel. Bush 135.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office —
Best help. 411V4 O'Farrell St.; tel. East 426.
SAM KEE & CO., employment office— Best help;
estbd. 1S50. 62m California St.; tel. Red 401.
i CHINESE Employment Office — All kinds be«t
help furnished. 439 Bush St.; tel.' James 16H1.
JAPANESE Intelligence Office— Furnish most
reliable help. 524 Bush st.; tel. Bush 516. .
ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese. Chi-
nese help. 426 Powell. nr.Sutter: tel. Black 5072.
RELIABLE Japar.ese-Chlneso Employment Of-
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 51S8.
EMPLOYMENT WASTED FEMALE.
REFINED woman with boy 7 years old wants
a position as working housekeeper. MISS
CULLEN. 325 Sutter st. ¦
FIRST-CLASS chambermaid and seamstress
desires situation: good references. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st
COMPETENT woman with a child desires sit-
uation; good' cook and housekeeper; refer-
ences. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
FIRST-CLASS instMutlon cook desires situa-
tion; good refs. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter.
FIRST-CLASS colored cook wants a position.
MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
COMPETENT woman wishes a place to assist
In light housework; city or country. 510
Third st
SITUATION wanted by a respectable woman to
assist with housework. Call at 316 Linden
ave.. near Gough st.
EXPERIENCED Swedish second girl would
like a position; good references. ''Call at 824
Mission st. , • -
NEAT young girl wants a position at second
work. Call at 723 Webster st. ; no postal cards.
FIRST-CLASS dressmaker desires engagements
by the day or to work home. 1694 Stockton.
FIRST-CLASS Swedish ccok wishes situation
In American family; wages $35 or $40. Please
call 226 Lily ave., bet. Oak and Page sts.,
near Laguna. • <
TWO girls general housework, small American
family; wages" $20. Call 1005 Market st., room
; 22. 10 to 4 i>. m.
STRONG respectable woman wants any kind
of housework or washing by the day. Box
240. Call office. -< '
FIRST-CLASS dressmaker. late of New York,
wants engagement by. the day; $2. Apply, to
MRS. WAHLQUIST. 509 Kearny st
RELIABLE, competent woman wants work by
the day: good reference. 937 Mission St.
YOUNG German, girl wants position for up-
Btalrs work. 17 st. •
A LADY of middle age wishing to go East
would like to chaperon young ladies or Inva-
lid. Box 2307. Call office. Oakland. -
AN Al milliner will make up ladies' own ma-
.terlals or furnish material and do the work
well at reasonable prices. Box 141, Call.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket — 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to
$6 week; convenient and respectable; free
'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
.'. BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st. . , , -'./
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore st.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— HALe!
WANTED— Situation on ranch by young mar-
ried couple; wife good cook; man is experi-
enced in handling stock and general ranch
work; good references./ Address box 234. Call.
BOY of 17 wishes position to take care of horses
or work around a house. Box 233, Call office.
MARRIED baker, m good foreman on bread,
wishes steady place. 388 Fifth st.
MAN wishjes position; porter work preferred ;
experienced; references; will accept kitchen
work, light work, at $4 50 week and found.
Box 225, Call office.
SITUATION' wanted by : trustworthy, ) sober
young man, , formerly . hotel night ..watchman;
have some experience In -waiting.' at table.
Box 245, Call office.
YOUNG man wishes position of any kind in a
wholesale or retail house; city or- country;
references. Box 244, Call office.
STEADY, active elderly man- wants employ-
ment private place; good horseman; attend
lawn, milk and generally useful; handy about
place; references; reliable. Box. 237, Call. '
SITUATION by. young man tatting care of
horses, cow. garden; good driver; handy with
tools. Box 216, Call office. , . ¦ - ¦ >
SOBER young German would like a position In
country, to drive milk wagon. Box 241, Call. •
BOY of 17 years wants to » learn a trade, or
in a store: wages while learning. ' ,B«ri 247,
Call office. -¦¦.)¦¦,.. ¦*-¦¦:
4 JAPANESE, good,- experienced boys, want to
do housework, cook, wait at table or porter
work In saloon. . 333 Eddy Ft '
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets; open
until 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 527 Montgomery street
comer CJay: open until 9:30,*. m.
• KK> Hayes street: open until 9:30 p. m.
623 McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. m.
«1S Larkln Etreet: open until 9:30 p. m.
1S41 MiEsion street; open until 10 p. m.
S261 Market street corner Sixteenth; open
until 3 p. m. •'.:
10$ Eleventh street; open' until 9 p. m.
1036 Valencia street; open until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky Etreets; open until 9 p. m.
£200 Fillmore Ftreet: open until 9 p. m.
MEETING NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Chapter No. 5.. R. A. M., a
will meet THIS (TUESDAY) EVEN-
ING September 10. at 7:39 o'clock. IC/P
It. A. degree. By order of the H. P. '^^
FRANKLIN H. DAY. Secretary.
GOLDEN GATE Lodge No. 30. F. and m
A. M.. meets THIS (TUESDAY) Jk
EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. D. 1. By VV
order of W. M. /V>
EDWIN L. MEYER. Secretary.
GOLDEN GATE Lodge 'No. 30. F. and . m
A. M.— The officers and members are _^V_
herc-hy notified to attend the funeral *tf 3f
of Brother JOHN O. CALLAGHAN. AVA
late a member of Arcacia Lodge No. 33. Ana-
conda. Mont., in King Solomon Hall, Masonic
Temple, THIS DAY (TUESDAY), at 1:00
p. tn. By order of
CHAS. A. WEGENER. W. M.
PACIFIC Lodge No. 136. F. anj A- M.. m
meets THIS EVENING. 7:30 o'clock. ,^V~
D. 1. 5C3C
GEORGE PENLINGTON. Sec.
ORIENTAL Lodge No. 144. F. and A. •
M.— First degree THIS (TUESDAY) _*V
EVENING, at ,7:30 o'clock. VV
A. S. HUBBARD. Secretary. /\r>
IVANHOE Lodge No. 5. K. of P.. will agr
confer the Knight Rank Oong form). WA
WEDNESDAY. September 11. 1901. at 3SlSE*€
Pythian Castle. 909}A Market st. at 4@££*
8:30 p. m. Members of sister lodges cordially
Invited. W. S. HANBRIDGE. C. C.
O. XORCROSS, K. of R. and S.
PYTHIAN day at Sacramento— Special • »*r
party excursion, leaving San Fran- v JR,
clsco ? a. m.. Sept 11: returning. t 5^«K<'
leave Sacramento Sept 12. 8:20 a. m. "LTM''
I>. O. K. K. pilgrimage. For further par-
ticulars apply to H, SCHAFFNER. 6 Eddy
et. (phone Bush €). or E. ULMAN. 909 Mar-
ket Et (phone South 372) not later than 9th
Inst.
ADOPTION.
GIRL and boy baby for adoption. MRS. DR.
FI'NKE. Klfi Eighth gt.. Alameda.
AGENTS WANTED.
INTELLIGENT agents, either sex, of experi-
ence: a wonderful production of living scenes
in natural colors in combination with our
14 Presidents In one group; you will be sur-
prised. Old No. 718 Ellis, next to 740 Ellis,
5 to 7 p". m.
$3 TO JS per day easily made for the next 90
days selling an attractive line of holiday
poods. For full particulars send name and ad-
dress to ALBERT DESPRES. Star bldg.. Chl-
cngo. III. v
ASPHALTX'M ROOFING.
J. PELTIER, asphalt roofing, sidewalks re-
paire3: postal. 11S6 Mission; tel. Folsom 2477.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW,
ADVICE free— Divorces a specialty; quick;
quiet: no chacge without success; collections,
wills, deeds, etc.. prepared; charge low; estb
15 years. Atty. G. W. HOWE. 850 Market st.
ADVICE free :dlvorces private; bankruptcy ;col-
leetions;attachments; mortgages ;bills of sale;
partnerships, -deeds; wills drawn;fees low;open
«»ve's. THURSTON. 100S% Mkt.. r. 4. op. 5th.
ADVICE free; open eve.; moderate fee if suc-
cessful. EDW. R. SHIRRAN, 927 Market st
LEW B. DOUGLASS. 397 Parrott bldg — Bank-
ruptcy. estates, general practice; mod. fees.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON, 927 Market st, opp. Mason.
L. P. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg., 927 Mar-
ket st.: consultation free: no fees In advance.
BOOKS — NEW AND OLD.
BRITANNIC A. Peale's. 25 vols.. cloth, at 60c.
Room 76. Hotel St. Dents. 24 Turk st.
BOOKS of every kind bought. Tel. Red, 2356.
HOLMES BOOK CO., 704-706-708 Mission t,t
BOARDING FOR CHILDREN.
GOOD home for children; IS up; near school.
2127 Prince Et., Berkeley.
2 CR 3 children to board; good home & moth-
<r's care; $18 up: sunny yard. 1607 California.
BUREAU TRUNKS.
ASK to see Lundbeck's Improved drawer
trunk: at all dealers or factory. 826 Howard.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A— $400; BRANCH bakery, delicacy store, with
4 furnished rooms; rent $20; very best location
on Fillmore tt.. and good paying. Call R. G
\VILKj3. 26U Kearny st.
A— ?GMi: CIGAR store; rent $20; very best stand
on Kearny st. ; owner must leave for Fresno;
value in sirht. Call R- G. WILKE. 26%
Ktarcy st.
A— $400; DAIRY and produce store with horse
and wagon: 3 living rooms; place established
8 years; doing good business. Call R. G.
WILKE. 26'£ Kearny st.
A— $14«»: SALOON: choicest location on Market
*t. ; net rent JSO; fine fixtures and good pay-
ing business; investigate at once; a splendid
and rare chance. Call R. G. WILKE, 26^
Kearny et.
A— 13000; CORNER saloon with lunchroom on
Market St.; a first-class place; owner sick In
the country; must sell at onceMnvestlgate and
make offer. Call R. G. WILkE, 26& Kearny.
A— $S0O: CHOP and oyster house on Market st. ;
rent $30; daily receipts 130 and above; owner
called East by death. Call R. G. WILKE,
26 ! i Kearny st.-
5550— COFFEE and oyster house; good place for
man and wife. STRAND & CO.. 209 Kearny.
5350— CORNER saloon; good trade; full value-
rent 130. See STRAND & CO., 209 Kearny st
J7 f> 0— DELICACY and grocery store; full value-
_3rooms: rent $17. Strand & Co.. 209 Kearny.
J 231 ' — PARTNER commission business; can make
_TT5 month. STRAND & CO.. 209 Kearny st
J450-CORNER grocery and bar; fine location- I
must sell. RETSLOFF. 906 Market st. '¦
CSC— PARTNER wanted: great chance In a
paring office. McBRIDE & CO., 1016 Market.
FOR rent-Fine place: has been run as a
butcher shop and bakery for 30 years; 4 liv-
ing rooms outside of bakery and butcher I
*hop. For particulars address H. J. Mc-
DERMOTT. Sunol. Cal.
|3n0-PARTNER wanted; light business; must •
be steady, reliable man; satisfied with SIS j
to Via a week; no experience required- trial
given before buying. 23 Geary et.. room 1. I
SHOE shop for sale; account of sickness- rea- I
sonable: gocd location. S39>4 Mission st. :
WANTED— A partner with capital to go into I
the wholesale manufacturing of ehlrts and i
overalls. Pox 227. Call office. j
$C ii7 l r 0R ealc ' a business corner saloon on j
Fifth st. Inquire 231 Clara st. city.
A— CIGAR stand: different from the rest; al-
•n-ayE doing business; fine location; high-class |
trade; elegant fixtures; rent very low owner
telling account other large interests; an op- !
jortunity to", buy a No. 1 stand at a low
figure; no agent*. Pox 60, Call office. '
An honest and sober partner with I
5-000 in an optical business; must either be !
8tj optician or be able to attend to corre- '
fESJr 1 "*' ctc>: cash receipts about $1DOO to '
$2000 rer month. Address GEORGE JMAY- j
ERLE. German Expert Optician, 1071?C Mar-
kc-t et.. San Francisco. !
FOR SALE-At invoice price, the merchandise
Eton or CXOPIUS & CO.. Santa Rosa with
its two branches, one at Sebastopol and one
at H'-aldtburg. as a whole or each store<*e,>-
arate: disagreement among partners the cau*e
of Felling. For particulars address CNOPICS
6 CO.. Santa Rosa. 1
WANTED Immediately— Good business part- '
ner with capital to assist, patentee financially i
with an article of «iigh merit; a big money ;
making proposition. Box 117. Call office. ]
t200-A PARTNER (lady or gentleman) ir. a '
refined office business; fine income; Invert!- I
gate. Address box 5416. C&1I office. j
RESTAURANT for sale; will sacrifice If sold
soon; in center of wholesale and milling dle-
trlct. Box 2H. Call office. «»»»»* ™ ;
K00— LAUNDRY route with good horse and
wagon: good chance for right man 2372
M!>:.-.io:i.
FOIl SALE— On account of death, a" complete
tailor's outfit Box 116. Call office.
LODCIXG-UOCSES FOR SALE.
WINSTON & WOLF, "' "~~ " J
1026 Market st. telephone Jessie 2211. i
15 rooms; nicely furnished; snap.. ...;.. .$1175
29 rooms; pays well: good location...- 1400
Zl roome; best transient In the city...... 2200
18 rooms; all on 1 floor; bargain .;... 900
12 rooms; beautiful yard; grand.......... 1500
5 mortgaged house must be sold. ' , ¦
MARION GRIFFIN. 71S Market, rms. 1 and 2.
Near Call bldg. Tel. Black 1803.
Lodging houses and businesses . for tale,
. I bave I salesmen employed.
LODGING HOUSES FOR SALE — Con.
K-ROOM BAY-WINDOW CORNER HOUSE..
..; CLEARS $300 EVERY MONTH..*....
Worth $5000— Price $3000 only, $1000 cash.?:....
10-room house; fine location *«j
14-room house; good; transient "• 600
10 rooms on O'Farrell st •••'•• * 25
24 rooms on Geary st •••¦• 190 °
100 rooms; clears $350; payments to suit.. 6000
16 rooms; transient; only $400 cash... 750
6-room flat; line corner 300
36 rooms; on Market st 1800
10 rooms; north of Market st 45<>
; 42 rooms; clears every month $300 1600
8 rooms; flat near City Hall 425
15 rooms; fine corner; clears $S0 600
9 rooms; cood piano; must sell 425
4S rooms; hotel and bar 1500
18 rooms; on Sixth st.; clear* $80 800
24 rooms; on Market St.; clears $150 1600
18 rooms; corner; just like home 1500;
10 rooms; on Mason st.: new 750
. 32 rooms; offices; clears $250 3500
21 rooms; $600 cash; balance payments... 1250
FRENCH AND GERMAN SPOKEN.
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market; tel. Mint 796. ;
ATTENTION, BUYERS'
OUR MOTTO SQUARE DEALING.
NO TROUBLE TO SHOW HOUSES.
Any of the following on monthly payments:
6-room flat, new furniture $325
15 rooms: full of steady roomers S50
14 roomfi transient; clears $125 "....¦ 650
17 roomsX$700; 12 rooms 500
21 rooms; $500 cash, balance payments 1000 j
50 rooms; rent $1CO; clears $250 1500
100 rooms; grand corner; clears $400 6000 '
28 rooms; on Mission 200
SO-room hotel and bar 1600
45 rooms; rent $125; clears $150 2350
MONEY LOANED Phone John 531
A. H. RETSLOFF. SOS Market, cor. Ellis, r. 12.
11 ROOMS; rent $35: must be sold $400
12 rooms; choice location; rent only $40... 450
7 rooms; nicely furn.^good home 375
10 rooms; good fur., carpets; Bush st 800
45 rooms; fine sunny corner; central 3700
25 rooms; corner: everything new; snap.. 2500
100 r. ; fine location; good money maker.. 6000
$5000—37 rooms; Ellis; clears $200 over all.
rooms; CFarrell; rent $43; bargain. !
$500— 6-room flat; erand furniture: rent $25.
$1100—17 rooms; money maker; rent $55.
$650—8 rooms; now being furnished.
$2500—70 rooms; Ellis; rare opportunity. ¦
We loan money on- an*- proposition.- DONALD
. INVESTMENT CO., 850 Market St.
A. CAMERON & CO..
£50 Market st, and 8 Stockton st.,
Rooms 21. 22 and 23. Phone Bush S2S.
If you have hotel, rooming-house or business
to se'.l list with us. We have cash customers
for all sizes and prices. See list of bargains.
96 r. ; rent $550; elegant furn. ; good location.
60 r. : rent $280: country: tran. : pays well. $6500
27 r.: rent $140; oak furn.; Al location... 2200
20 r. : rent $S0; residence loc. ; apartment. 1100
Money loaned on deferred payments, 1% p. c.
11 r.; rent $40: elegant fur.: boarders. ..$1000
10 r.; rent $47 50; oak furn. brussels carp. 650
9 r. ; rent $33; oak Turn.: housekeeping 350
Over 500 houses listed. Call before buying.
FISHER & CO.. 935 Market, phone Folsom 1592.
34 r $1400 22 r $800 16 r $800
20 r 1150 20 r SflO 14 r 450
18 r 1000 13 r 600 12 r...,. 400
15 r 700 8 r 350- 10 r 400
8 r 550 6 r 235 7 r 225
THE largest and best list of lodglng-housqs
and hotels can be found at office of
G. W. SCHWEINHARD. phone Mint 1911.
No. 917 Market st. (near Fifth st.)
NEWTON & HARTER. 759 Market St.— 20-
room house, rent $32 50. $350. furniture clean
and 'new; 8 rooms and bath, central. V&
blocks of Market St., $250.
THE largest and best list of lodging-houses at
our office. McBRIDE & CO.. 1016 Market
St., opposite Fifth.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1,
postage paid.
SPIRITUALISM.
COME & see C. V. Miller's wonderful seances;
Sun., Tuep.. Frl.. 8 p. m.. 50c; you can speak
to spirit friends face to face, recognize them;
give names; received medals from many
countries: taken last world's record medal
Paris Fair. 1C84 Bush st.: tel. 2275 Larkln
A — Mrs. Dr. Farnham. spiritual medium and
life reader; mining a sneeialty; clr. Sun. T Wed.
and Fri. evenings. 1035 Market st. !
CHAS. BROCKWAY, 23c seance Sun., Tues.
and Thurs.. S p. m.: every one gets a test:
private readings dally. 299 Hyde. cor. Eddy.
PROF. JOHN 'j. HULTHEN. clairvoyant,
palmist and card reader; reveals past, present
and future. 50c. lOO.'/i Market, near Sixth.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, bus. medium;
life reader; medical, clairvoyant: sittings, $1;
letter. $2. 1164 O'Farrell St.; Ellis car.
MRS. HUBBARD, 1C9 Oak— Circle Tuesday and
Friday. 8 p. m.; Wednesday, ladies, 2:30 p.
m.. 10c: meetings daily. 50c.
MME. YOUNG'S demonstration of spirit return
to-night. 605 McAllister; 10c; come, skeptics.
W. G. KEEGAN holds spiritual meeting every
night except Sat.; 10c. 148 Sixth St., 2d floor.
MRS. HARLAND'S circle 8 p. m. every night
except Sat.. 10c; ladies' read., 50c. 148 Sixth.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 333 McAllister— Mm. C. J.
Meyer: sittlrc-s daily: tost to nil to-night. 10c.
clairvoyants.
mmeTmTbernard. ~
THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently
located at 17 Third «., nest Examiner bldg. She
reads your life correctly, gives an accurate de-
scription of the past, reveals the- present hap-
penings and portrays events to occur in the fu-
ture. If you are In trouble, discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied in life, or ha\'e domes-
tic, love or business troubles, consult this great
medium and you will be tcld how to overcome
them. Valuable advice In all affairs of life;
25c up: perfect satisfaction guaranteed.'
FREE double tests, ladies free; readings
morning, free lesson: afternoon, full read-
Ings; $1 up from 10 to 6: closed Sundays; full I
name; development In 90 days under written
guarantee: proving Franklin's ability as pre-
dicter teacher. 7$4 Post, 3 doors from Leaven-
worth; no circles; is spiritualist; Franklin
on door.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the" well-known trance
medium. Is permanently located at 1206 Mar- j
ket 6t.. corner Golden Gate ave., rooms 25 and
K: take elevator. Perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mall ; send stamp for | pamphlet
with special terms. Dally and Sunday.
A— LINCON, CLAIRVOYANT. "~
HIGH PSYCHIST.
The most wonderful clairvoyant on the coast;
he succeeds when others fail: permanently lo-
cated at 125 Turk St.; reading? by mail.
MME. ARNDT, the great clairvoyant, tells past,
future; never falls: has the greatest Egyptian
secret; sb^ws pltcure future husband or wife;
fee 25c and up: satisfaction to everybody; open
Sundays; hours 10 to 8 p. m. 215% Sixth st.
MME. MONTAGUE.
Truthful predictions In all affairs of life: j
gives names, facts, figures; gives luck; honest {
predictions In love affairs; reunites separated, i
not one letters answered. 116 Turk.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil— second sight;
diagnoses disease with life reading; ladles 59c;
gents II; palm, and clalr. sit. $1 50. 126 Turk.
ISMAR. the Egyptian tfypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 1148 Market. oi«.'
6th: private readings dally. 10 a. m. to 5 p. m
MME. LAROSE, best clairvoyant, card reader;
German spoken; 25c up. 777% Market st.,rm.l8.
CLAIRVOYANT card reader from Louisiana;
only 10c;from 1 to S p. m. 262 Minna st..nr. 4th.
MME. WALTKRS. great card reader: ladies 25c.
gents EOc. 9il Mission, nr. 6th; open Sundays.
MRS.MKLVILU well-known clairvoyant, water
reader. 11 6th ;German cpoken;tel. Howard 1846.
M. WILLE. crystal seer, clairvoyant, •medium;
sittings. 9 a. m. to S p. m. ; 50c. 326A Ellis st.
MME. AUGUST. 'Clairvoyant, reader ipaimlstry;
truth- or no pay; 25c. 1149 Mission, over store.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader: ladies
23c. gents 50c: readings daily. 132 Sixth st.
A. L. CARLSON, medium and astrologlet. • 143
Sixth st.. room 23. ,
MME. SCHAFFER. clairvoyant, card reader;
sittings daily. 44S'^ J«-sMe gt.. bet. 5th and 6th.
MME RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice: names given: 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
CARPET BEATING AXD CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S pioneer Carpet-beat-
Ing Works. S53-257 Tefcama st. ; tel South 40.
AMERICAN Carpet-boating Works— Cleaning,
3c;renovatcd:r«»lalfl. 105 14th st.; tel. Capp 2542.
CARPETS beaten or laid, 3c per yard. CHAS.
PARRY. I511H Market St.; phone Mint 1095.
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st.;
tel. Main Z34. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Prop.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpel-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison; tel. Mission 263.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-beating I Works.
338 Golden Gate ave.: telephone East 126.
CITY Steam Carpet-beating" Works.. G. H.
STEVENS. Mgr.. 38-40 Sth St.; tel. South 250.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-beating and Reno-
vating Co.. 240 Fourteenth ft.: tel. Mission 74.
; CHIROPODISTS.
BUNIONS, corn*. Ingrown nails, warts; patn-
lees cure: guaranteed. Dr. Duncan, 415 Sutter..
FROF.EtraBsburger fromN.Y.,speclallst on feet.
diploma T.P.S.S.N.Y.; Chronicle big., rm. 76.
- ' COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No charge un-
le»» Buccesgful. Room 310. 927 Market »t. •
DRESSMAKERS AXD SEAMSTRESSES
FRENCH accordion and knife pleating. WM.
PILGER. 121 Post, over O'Connor & Moffatt.
McDOWELL , Dressmaking & Mllllnery.School—
Class rates; patterns cut 1019 Market st.
HELP WAMTED--MAtE--CoM^^
MURRAY & READY.... PHONE MAIN 584$
Leading EmDloyment Agents ¦
B34 and G36 Clay Street
• Office open to-day, 7 a. " . m... •••:•••
Railroad men Ship to-day....... Tuesday
50 .teamsters Ukiah •••••£ re , e . i?«
1 75 laborers Ukiah ••• F . ree .{*!?
25 men to cut right of way, bkiah, free rare,
wages $2 to $2 50 a day... "•
..SANTA FE COMPANY'S OWN WORK..
175 laborers to work on section, steel. Daiiasi
and extra gangs at Stockton, Fresno. BaKers-
field and Merced divisions S?,''?ZZ*tl
Free fare .T..:; Ship daily
MECHANICAL ................
2 riveters, city job, n~ strike, SySioMen-
on for riveters, city, no strike, $2 50; Plumb-
er and plpe-tttter, country; o carpenters,
rough work, mine, see boss here: Koreman
carpenter. mine; 2 brickmasons. mine,
blacksmith,, vineyard, easy job, $3o ana
found: blacksmith's helper, ranch. $3* and
found; 5 other blacksmiths, $3 a day and
found: machine blacksmith, $3 50: engineer
and handy mechanic around ori vate place
. see party here, $50 and .found; blacksmith
and run engine, ranch: carpenter, factory...
MINES. QUARRIES —
LABORERS. ETC ¦-
25 single-hand miners,- different mines. *.o
and $55 and found; 6 miners. $60; 2» drillers
and hammersmen, quarry, $60 and $67 50; 174
laborers for gold and silver mines, north and
south. $30 to $75 and found; 250 men tor
quarry work, $2, $2 23 and $40 and found; 10
laborers, Santa Clara County, $34 and found:
10 laborers for a salt company. $1 75 a day;
350 laborers for different Jobs, city and
country, wages $1 75 to $4 a day
.% SPECIAL
For a large mine company, see -boss here—
5 carpenters, rough work; foreman carpen-
ter; 3 brick masons; 2 furnace men, married;
12 laborers, see bcs3 here to-day
MISCELLANEOUS
FARMS. DAIRIES. ETC
3 choremen for prviate places, $30 and found;
15 deckhands, $40 and found; 3 sailors; 8
stablemen, hostlers and buggy washers. 560;
¦ S7 farm hands, steady • jobs, $25 to $33 and
found; 23 chore men and boys, $15 to $30 and
¦ found; 15 milkers, different dairies, $30 to $40
and found; 5 can washers, city Jobs, $30 and
found; 10 lumber pliers, north, $60; 15 men to
work around sawmill. $2 day: 10 laborers,
sawmill, Sonoma County, $30 and found; 5
crosscut sawyers, $45 and found ••
,. HOTEL DEPARTMENT. ETC
Tamale maker for' Seattle, free fare: cabin
boy; dishwasher for an institution. $25, see
boss here '.
. Second cook» .mine company boarding-house,
fare paid, $40 and found: 2 waiters, mine, $30
and found; 2 dishwashers, ranches, $25 and
found: 16 cooks, hotels, restaurants, city and
country, $50 to $60 and found; 14 waiters, $25
to $35 and found; 15 kitchen hands, dishwash-
ers and vegetable men; 3 butchers; 3 porters;
3 elevator and bell boys; cook, small board-
ing-house, country, $35 and found, and, 5C0-
others too numerous to mention
I Call, and read our bulletin boards
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st
A— FRUIT-PICKERS LOOK HERE
MEN AND STRONG BOYS
25 men and boys to pick fruit and work in
all kinds of fruit for a lay company, or-
chard, $30 and found, $1 25 fare; no experi-
ence required; anybody will suit on this job..
10 fruit-pickers, fare 70c ..$30 and found
5 fruit-pickers. C. 'C. Co $30 and found
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 633 Clay st.
WANTED— Apprentice boy for country news-
paper office; one who has already set type
preferred. Address Index Tribune, Sonoma,
Cal-
SALESMAN and saleswoman for furnishing
department. 901 Market St., cor. Fifth. SUM-
MERFIELD & ROMAN.
WANTED — Grocery clerk that understands
bar. Call after 10 a. m.. 1740 Eddy st.
BOY wanted to run errands and make him-
self generally useful In bookblndery. 422 Sac-
1 ramento St., MALLOYE.
APPRENTICE paper hanging and tinting; pay
according ability. Apply 'bet 7 and 8 a. m.,
S47% Fourth St.
WANTED — Cooks, waiters, dishwashers and
kitchen help; also experienced steward for
restaurant; no fee. 127 Mason st*
DRAUGHTSMAN, practical man; one with
technical education preferred; state expe-
rience. Box 239, Call office.
WANTED— 23 boys to call at 322 Main st, bet
Harrison and Folsom, at 6:30 this morning.
WANTED — Driver for bottling Co.; must have
$500 cash. Box 226, Call office.
UNION barber wanted, must be good, for even-
ings, Saturday and Sunday, at 556 Fourth st.
"WANTED — Barber; steady work. 315 Kearny
Etreet.
GOOD barber wanted. 167 Ninth st
• PLUMBER wanted. r 1103 Stockton st.
WANTED— A general tailor and bushelmaa at
M. J. MEYERS & SON'S, 35 O'Farrell st.
WANTED— A driver for milk wagon. 1421 Bu-
chanan st.
DISHWASHEP. wanted at 9 Drumm st; no
Sunday work.
FIRST-CLASS paper hanger wanted at 1701
Sutter st.
GOOD coatmaker to work inside; good wages.
225% Montgomery ave.
WANTED — Foreman and presser for pants.
SELIG BROS., 108 Battery st.
WANTED— First-class cutter by merchant tai-
lor at Los Angeles. Address box 242, Call.
WAITERS wanted at 136 Second st.
BOY wanted in tailor store. 106 Stockton st.
WANTED— A boy about 16 years old in con-
fectionery. 1503 Geary st.
WANTED— Man to work around place. 1413
Harrison st
2 LUNCH waiters. 582 Sixth st
WANTED— Boy from 15 to 18 years of age to
learn house painting. 314 Stockton st
WANTED— Good size errand boy. GEO. M.
WOOD & CO.. engravers. 543 California st.
COOK wanted. 217 Sixth st.
WANTED— Musicians, first and second class,
for the Puget Sound Navy Yard Band; E flat
clarinet; solo B flat clarinets; cornets, altos;
trombones, barytone, tuba and drums; men
who double in orchestra preferred; pay of mu-
Ficians. first class, $32 and $9 ration: musi-
cians, second class, $30 and $9 ration. Apply
to recruiting officer U. S. R. S. NIPS1C.
Navy Yard, Puget Sound. Bremerton. Wash.
BOY about 16 years old to learn a trade. Apply
Supt. Thomas Day Co., 725 Mission st.
A RESPECTABLE young man to cook for one
in mining cabin; good home; $10 per month.
301 Jonas st, after 10 a. m.
WANTED— Young man with little cash, $35 and
found; no experience. Restaurant. 496 Fourth.
FIRST-CLASS barber wanted; short hours.
Apply at 239 California st
GET your" shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c
to 50c. 563 Mission St.. bet 1st and 2d sts.
BRIGHT boy. age 16-1 8;. one who has some ex-
', perience In : the men's furnishing • goods Una
preferred: •' steady place. Apply bet 1C-12
a. m.,SCHOENFELD'S. Market St.. opp. 7th."The Best of a Sorry; Pair."
As a specimen of what Englishmen who
become candidates for Parliamentary hon
ors have occasionally- to put-up with the
following little incident is related:,'Visit
ing a. north; country; colliery, during .the
men's dinner hour, a . certain candidate
was advised by. his agent' to ask '/Old
Ben," a supporter, who happened to work
in the pit, to say . a few .words to his
mates. After some little persuasion the
old man acceded to the request, and this
is what he said: -"Weei, mates, I ain't a
goin'' ter tell ye as we're , getten a - real
straight, fair, h6nest candidate." vYou
knows as well as, I -does as thereain't no
sich, thing as a honest politician breathin'.
Howsumever, I've heard both candidates,
an' I've picked oot wot I think is the be3t
of a sorry pair! : Ye' d better, vote for him;
chaps! This,*', indicating the by no means
comfortable candidate, , "this is 'im!" That
was all.— Chicago Chronicle. <•- . ¦.¦•,-:¦¦.¦
The Legislature of Louisiana' in 1900
passed an act forbidding the leasing, of
convicts .to private parties and providing
that they should', remain constantly under
the control of the State, to be employed in
manufacturing, agriculture arid in such
public works as the construction of roads
and levees.' The manufacturing is confined
to the making of clothing and such other
articles as are needed ¦ for. the convicts,
while the 'greater^ number of the able
bodied prisoners^ are employed in agricul
ture and the building of public roads and
levees. The State has purchased SOOO
acres of. land in one body on the Missis
sippi River, in West Fellciana Parish, to
be operated as a cotton plantation, and
3000 acres in St. Mary Parish, to be culti
vated in sugar cane. Crops are now being
cultivated on these plantations and every
thing, is working, smoothly. ' The. control
of the prisoners is entrusted to a State
commission, and every- provision has been,
made for the health- and "comfort of tho
convicts.— Dallas News. ?'
Employing Convicts.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL| TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 10, 1901.
13
s OCEAN TEAVEL. '
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
W v'* "¦; ' ' ¦ Steamers ; leave Broadway
j^. . " Wharf. San Francisco:
l^h- For Alaskan ports— 11 a. m.,
H^fSk Sept. 4. 8. 13, 18, 23, 23, Oct.
Hjfl^qi^ S. Change .to company's
i LSl K?5\3Si steamers at Seattle.
B3«£ttf3'«&l For Victoria. Vancouver (B.
Mf*Qlr»WiJ C.). Port Townsend. Seattle,
£^^5K9bb&Si Tacoma, Everett .- and . New
"^ Whatcom fWash.>— 11 a. m..
Sept. 4. 8. 13. 18, 23. 23. Oct. 3.
;>'; '¦¦ . Change ¦ at Seattle for. this
company's steamers -for Alaska and O. N. Ry.:
at Seattle or Tacoma for. N. P. Ry.; at Van-
couver to C. P. Ry. ' +£•+*>
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay)— 1:30. p.. m. Sept
4, 9.-14. 19. 24, 29, Oct. 4. . . -
For San Diego, stopping only at Santa Bar r
bara, Port Los Angeles and Redondo (Los An-
geles)— Steamer Santa Rosa, Sundays. 9 a,- m.;
steamer State of California, Wednesdays, 9
a.' m."' r ¦ • <--< --f:--'-; ¦.-:-'; .I;.'. \$tt\*jt* ¦
• For -Los "Angeles.- calling at = Santa. Crni,
Monterey, San Simeon, Cayucos. Port Harford;
(San Luis Oblspo), Gaviota, ' Santa --Barbara,
Ventura, Hueneme, East San. Pedro.- San Pe-
dro and ?Newport ('Corona, only)— Steamer Co-
rona Saturdays. 9 a. m. ; steamer Bonita. Tues-
days. 9 a. m. . - . ¦" ""•'•*-.
¦ For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo.. Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mex.)— 10 a. m., 7th each month.
For further Information obtain company
folders. . : . - : .' ."•
Tho company J reserves the right to change
steamers, sailing days and hours of. sailing,
without previous notice.
% TICKKT OFFICE— 4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel). ... .' - •" . ' '
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO., Gen. Agents."
10 Market st., San Francisco.
O. /?- « N. CCX
• "COLUMBIA RIVER ROUTE/' : :• '
Portland to all points East and In the North-
. - . west. .
"ChicagoiPortland Special."
Surjerior Service— Quick Time. . . - - '
THE SHORT LINE TO
Walla Walla and Spokane, and the Baker City,
Lewiston. Coeur d'Alene and Boise City
Gold .Mining Districts.
D. W. HITCHCOCK, General Agent.
No. 1 Montgomery St., San Francisco.-
TOYO EISEN KAISHA;
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Braanan streets, at 1 p. m.,
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hiogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on 'board on
day of sailing. • •' : ¦"
SS. NIPPON MARU.. Friday, September 27, 1901
SS. AMERICA MARU v
Wednesday, October 23, 1901
SS. HONGKONG MARU
Saturday, November 16, 1901
1 Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office,
421 Market street, corner First.
W. H. AVERY, General Agent.
I5Oj!jBaRr^ 3fe.OL ZEALAND m SYDNEY,
S.S. VENTURA, for Honolulu, Samoa. Auck-
land and Sydney. .Thursday. Sept. .12, 10 a. m.
5. S. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti ;....
.....About Sept. IS
S. S. MARIPOSA. for Honolulu
. Saturday, Sept. 21. 2 o. m.
J. D.SPRECXELS k BROS. CO., General Agents. 327 Market St
Bsn'I Fasssngsr Cite, 643 Market St., Fizr No. 7. Pacific St
KOSMOS LINE.
SS. SERAPIS. 5000 tons, sailing Sept. 12th,
carrying passengers for Valparaiso and Ham-
burg, via Mexican ports, Central and South
America. SS. SESOSTRIS. sailing about Nov. 1.
¦ J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO.. Agents. 643
Market St., Pier No. 7. Freight Office, 327 Mar-
ket st. - " ."¦
- AMERICAN LINE.
KSW T0BX, BOTJTHAHPTON. LONDON. PARI3.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New Tork Wednesdays, at 10 a. m.
St. Paul Sept. 1? Philadelphia *...Oct. 2
Haverford ...;.. Sept. 21 St. . Paul......... .Oct. 9
St. Louis....;... Sept. 25 St. Louis Oct. 16
RED STAR LINE.
- - : . ' New York and Antwerp. |
~ N From New York -Wednesdays, at 12 noon.
Kensington ....Sept. l'JSouthwark Oct. 9
?Zeeland .......Sept. 25 *Vaderland Oct. 16
Friesland Oct. 2|Kenslngton Oct. 23
•Stop at Cherbourg, eastbound.
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
CHAS. D. TAILOR.
General Agent Pacific Coast, 30 Montgomery st.
COKPAQNIE GENERALS TRANSATLANTIQU3
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. jr/tT*
Failing every Thursday, instead of <lSyV*5
Saturday, at 10 a. m., from 42, «****£•
North River, foot of Morton street; *L'A<rul-
taine, September 19: La Bretasme. " September
26: La Champagne. October 3; »La Savole, Oc-
tober 10.
First class to Havre, $70 and upward. Second-
class to Havre, $45 and upward. GENERAL
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES and CAN-
ADA 32 Broadway - {Hudson building), . New
Tork! J. F. FUGAZI & CO. , Pacific Coast
Agents, 5 Montgomery avenue. San ¦ Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
?Twin Screw Express Steamers.
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION CO.
And CIA SUD AMER1CA.NA OS VAPORE*
To Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican, Central
and South American ports. . Sailing from How-
ard. 3. -Pier 10, 12 m.
COLOMBIA.... Sept. 14IAREQTJIPA Oct. 13
TUCAPEL......Sept. 28ILIMARI Oct. 28
These steamers are built expressly for Cen-
tral and South American passenger service.
(No change at Acapulco or Panama.) Freight
and passenger office, 316 California street.
BALFOUR. GUTHRIE & CO.. Gen. Agents. -
PANAMA R. R. S S P
TO .NEW YORK VIA PANAMA DIRECT.
Cabin. $103; Stserag*. $40; Meals Free.
S. S. Lcelnnaw sails Tuesday , Sept. 10
8. S. Argyll sails y Oct.
S. S. Leclanaw sails _ , Oct.
.From Howard-street Wharf at 2 p. m.
Freight and Passenger Office. 330 Market at.
F. F. CONNOR. Pacific Coast Agent.
BAY AND BIVEB STEA2HEBS.
FORU. S. NAVY YARD AND YALLEJO.
j Steamers GEN. FRISBIE or MONTICELLO.l
*9:45 a. nv. ' 8:15 and 8:30 ' p. m.. except Sun-
day. • Sunday. 9:45 a. m., 8:20 p. m. Leaves'
Vallejo 1 a. m.. 12:30 noon. 6 p. m.. except.
Sunday. Sunday, 7 a. m.v 4:15 p. m. Far* 54
cents. Telephone Main, IMS. Landing and of-
fice, pier 2. Mi«»ion-8t dock. HATCH BROa
StArL WAY TRAVEL.
Santa Fe Trains
' Leave Market-stre'et Ferry Depot.
" Local I Llm'd Ovrl'd Local i
. -'.- - Dally '¦ • Dally Dally'
Lv, San Fran 7:20 a 9:00 a .8:00 p 4:21) p '
Ar. Stockton. 10:13 a 11:45 a 11:10 p 7:13 p
•• Merced.., 12:22 p 1:17 p 1:19 a 9:11 p
•• Fresno 2:05 p 2:35 p 3:05 a 10:50 p
" Hanford.. 3:12 p 3:27 p 7:06 a
"-: Visalla... 3:40 p J 4:43 a
" Bakrsfleld «:1S p 5:20 p 7:30 a
", Kan City... 2:40a 7:30 a
" '.Chicago. 2:15 p 9:00 p ........
a for morning, p for afternoon. ...
.. »9 - a. m. . train is the - California . Lim-
ited, . leaving Monday and Thursday :qn'y,'
carrying Palace Sleeping Cprs and Dinlri?
Cars through to Chicago.. .Chair Car run*
to' Bakersfleld for accommodation' of local'
first-class passengers. No >_ second-class'
tickets honored on this train.. Correspond-
ing train arrives at 6:55 p. m. Tuesday and"
Friday. - ' -
4:20 p. m. Is Stockton and Fresno local.
Corresponding , train arrives at 12:30 p. .m.
daily.- . - -¦ '. ' - . ... :
•8:00 p. m. is the Overland Express wlthi
through- Palace and Tourist .; Sleepers aftd
Free Redlining Chair Cars to Chicago: also
Palace '¦ Sleeper, which cuts - out ¦ at Fresno. -
Corresponding train arrives lat 5:55 p. ;m.
dally. •• - .- ¦ ¦ ¦•,--.-.:•:•-.-
* 7:20 a. m. is. Bakersflelrt Local, stopping; at
all points In 1 San Joaqt]|n J Valley. Corre-"-
.•ponding train arrives at 8:40 a. m.' dally..-
Office*— €41: Market " ftreet and .'In -.'Ferry
. Depot. San Francisco: 1112 Broadway. Oak-
land. . •» ¦ ',¦¦ g ¦ -< • < — . "• . ¦ . r ¦-
GREAT NORTHERN RAILWAY.
' .:¦• COOL AND DUSTLESS.
Daily Palace and' Tourist Sleepers.
. . ¦ .Dining Car. Meals a la Cart*. ' .
.- - :-:, Library Observation Car.. . ¦
REDUCED ROUND TRIP RATES TO
EASTERN POINTS, v
E. S. BLAIR. Gen, Act. 633 Market st. ¦
¦•-•¦. ¦ : ¦•¦—---:¦..¦-- /¦¦:%/¦.- ¦ - y' .-.-_*¦
ONE COLLAR PER YEAR -S
_--'.. -¦¦¦ V£ ' j :
NOTICE ( to architects— Of flee of Directors of
i Veterans' Home, | room 1 13. No. 320 Sansome
St., San Francisco, Cal., August 13. 1901.— To'
Architects: Under an act entitled "An act to
provlde-for the erection of a modern hospital
building for the Veterans' Home, . located at
Yountville, Napa County, State of California,
and appropriating money therefor," approved
March . 26, 1901 (Statutes 1901, page 823). .the
Board of Directors -of the. Veterans' Home of
California hereby invites and advertises j for
plans and specifications in details for the
¦ erection and construction of . a modern hos-
pital • for the Veterans' Home, located at
Yountville. Napa County, in the State of
California. Said hospital shall be erected on j
the grounds of the Veterans' Home of Cali-
fornia, at Yountville, Napa County, .' in this
State, on the part of said grounds set apart
for such, purpose by the - said Board of Di-
rectors, to wit. In the open field or lot north
of the present hospital buiWlng. The amount
to be expended in the erection and ' construc-
tion, of said hospital, including the payment
for. the necessary plans therefor,- and- all nec-
essary - expenses - therefor. -¦ shall not exceed
the sum of twenty-five thousand •' dollars
($25,000), as- provided by said, act above en-
titled, which said act, and the whole there-
of, is hereby" referred to and made a part
ct, this notice, the same as If written at
- length -herein.- Drawings— Drawings shall , be
of the usual working scale; drawings in black
and white. Architects competing are further
referred' to. the site for the erection of said
building, as hereinbefore referred . ta . Com-
. pensation— The architect whose plans shall be
chosen shall receive a commission or premium
as architect, to be paid for -his -services, as
S compensation. - as follows, - that ' is to say, he
shall receive the sum of five hundred dollars
($5jD0) for plans, specifications and • working
details, the architect • not to supervise the
i construction of • the building. The plans,
specifications and details ultimately - to be
prepared shall conform to all legal require-
ments of buildings of the character . above
described. ' The plans and specifications
herein, referred to must be delivered to the
Board of Directors, or the secretary thereof,
" at . the office of the Veterans' Home of Cali-
fornia, room 13, 320 Sansome St.. San Fran-
1 Cisco. CaL, on or. before 12. o'clock noon, on
the seventeenth day of September, 1901. For
further information competing architects are
hereby referred to the said secretary at said
room 13, 320 Sansome St., v San Francisco..
Cal. The said. Board of Directors reserve the
right t© reject any and all plans and specifi-
cations submitted. By order of the Board of
Directors of the Veterans' Home, of Califor-
nia/ Dated this 10th day- of August, 1901.
SAMUEL W. BACKUS. President.
I 3. J. SCOVILLE. Secretary, r ¦¦ .¦% ' . ¦'
PROPOSALS for Clothing and Equipage, Depot
Quartermaster's Office, 36 New Montgomery
Bt.. San Francisco, Cal.. September 9. 1901—
Sealed proposals, in triplicate, will be re-
ceived at this office until 10 o'clock a. m.,
Wednesday, September 25, 1901, Pacific Stand-
ard Time, and then opened, for furnishing
Black Hats for Prisoners, Unbleaclu*d Drill-
Ing, Unbleached Muslin, Unbleached Duck,
- Canton Flannel, Naphtalme, Hoop Iron, Seal-
ing Wax, Petroleum Paper, .Wrapping Paper,
S. B. Kersey. Proposals for less quantities
than advertised 1 for will be entertained. Early
: deliveries are essential. Bidders must state
in their proposals the. rate, and time of de-
livery should contract be awarded to them.
Preference will be given to articles of do-
mestic "production and manufacture, condi-
tions of price and quality beings equal (In-
cluding In the price of foreign production and
manufacture the duty thereon),- and such
preference will be given to articles of Ameri-
can prgduction and manufacture produced on
the Pacific Coast, to the extent of' the con-
sumption required by the public service there.
The United States reserves the right to ac-
cept or reject-any or all proposals or any part
thereof. Information and, blanks for propo-
sals will be furnished on application. En-
velopes containing proposals will be indorsed,
"Proposals No. 8006. C. and E.." and ad-
dressed to MAJOR OSCAR F. LONG. Quar-
termaster, U. S. Army, Depot Quartermaster.
PROPOSALS for Transport Service Clothing,
Depot Quartermaster's Office. 36 New Mont-
gomery st., San Francisco, Cal., September
9. 1901— Sealed proposals, in triplicate, will be
• received at this office until 10. o'clock a., m.,
Wednesday. September 25. 1901, Pacific Stand-
ard Time, and then opened, for furnishing
D. B. Cloth Caps, White . Duck Caps, Cap
Ribbons. Dungaree Coats. Dungaree Trousers,
Working Jumpers. Working Trousers, Whito
Duck Jackets. Lanyards, Silk Neckerchiefs,
Black Overshirts, White Duck Trousers, D.
| B. Trousers. Proposals for less quantities
than advertised for will be entertained. Early
deliveries are essential. Bidders must state in
their proposals the rate and time of delivery
should contract be awarded to them. Prefer-
" ence will bo given to articles of domestic pro-
¦ duction and manufacture, conditions of price
and quality being equal (including In . the
price of foreign production and manufacture
the duty thereon), and such preference will
be given to articles of American- production
and manufacture produced on the Pacific
Coast, to the extent of the consumption - re-
quired by the public service, there. The
United States reserves the right to accept or
reject any or all proposals or any part there-
of. Information and blanks for proposals will
be furnished on application. Envelopes con-
taining proposals will be indorsed. "Proposals
No. .8096, T. S S. C." and addressed tQ MAJOR
OSCAR F. LONG, Quartermaster, U. S.
- Army, Depot Quartermaster.'
PROPOSALS for Hay anfl patsrrrapor Quarter-*
master's Office, 36 New Montgomery st.. San
Francisco. Cal.," September 7. '1901.— Sealed
proposals, in triplicate, • will be received at
this office until 10 o'clock a,' m., Tuesday,
J September 17, 1901,, Pacific Standard Time, and
then opened, for furnishing hay and oats. Pro-
posals: for less: quantities than advertised for
will be entertained. - Bidders must \ state i in
their proposals the rate and time of delivery
should contract be awarded to them, and that
no proposition should be made which. they are
not" positive that .they can absolutely fulfill.
Preference will be given. to articles of " domes-
tic production and manufacture, conditions of
price and quality being equal (including in
the price of foreign production and manufac-
ture the duty thereon), and such preference
will be given to articles of American produc-
tion and manufacture produced on the Pacific
Coast, to the extent of the- consumption re-
quired by the public service there. The United
States reserves the right to accept or reject
any or all proposals or a'ny part thereof. In-
formation and blanks for proposals will be
furnished on application. ¦ Envelopes contain-
ing proposals will be Indorsed ¦ "Proposals No.
8188," and addressed to MAJOR OSCAR F.
LONG, Quartermaster, U. S. Army, Depot
Quartermaster. • .
B1RTHS-MARRMES-DEATHS,
Birth.' marriage and" death notices sent by
mall will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the oubllcation offices and be
Indorsed with - the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BOBN. :
HORTON— In this city, September 9, 1901, to
the wife of F. E. Hortoh, a daughter. •?
LIETZ— In San Rafael. September ! 4, 1901, to
the wife of Adolph Lietz, a 'son. ,
PORTER— In this city, August 31, 1901. to the
wife of Edgar. B. Porter, a son."
SCHOU— In thfs city, September 5, 190L to the
wife, of F. Schou, a daughter.
WELCH— In this city, September 9. 1901.- to the
wife of Joseph F. Welch, a daughter.
. v MARBIED. "V . \
HANSEN— JENSEN— In this city, September
8. 1901, by the Rev. O. Groensbergr. Niels L.
Hansen and Maren M. Jensen. - .
WARREN— REED— In this city, September 8,
1901, at Et^ John's Episcopal Church, by the
Rev. L. C. Sanford, Frederick. M. Warren
¦and Ethel Reed, both of San Francisco. ¦ -
DIED. ~~
Armstrong, James Merguire, John L.
Budde, Albert - Nixon, Frederick
- Calderwood, Oscar S. Ornsby, • Mary ¦ • . '
Dowling, • James O'Callaghan, John *
Frasier, Hobert Powell, William J.
Gilbert, infant Ruben, Robert
InsUs, Jane Riley, .Hazen R. -
--Jacobs, Ephralm . Schilling, Mary B.
Johnson, Georee Sullivan, Ellen \
McNamara, Kate Vallarta, Eligla A.
Mackintosh, Jane Wedemeyer, Ma-
Myall. Edward thllda \«
ARMSTRONG— In this city, September 9, 190V
. James ¦ Armstrong, a native of County Fer-
managh, Ireland, aged 34 yean.
BUDDE— In this city, September 9, 1901, Al-
bert Budde, dearly beloved and youngest son
of Joseph and Bertha Budde: and brother of
Josephine and Eugene Budde, a native • of
San Francisco, -aged 22 .years, and. 20 -days..
(Baltimore papers please copy.)
C7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend. the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence - of his ¦' parents, 1423 Hayes street,
thence to St. Boniface's Church, Golden Gate
avenue, where a solemn. requiem : high mass
. will' be celebrated for the repose of his .soul;
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
(Successor to Flannagan & Gallagher V
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr. . !
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND . EMBALMERS
20 Fifth St.. opposite Lincoln School. - '-
Telephone South 80. , .-¦ .-
Mt. Olivet Cemetery v
*•' San' Mateo County. ¦ '.
OFFICE 016 MARKET STRBET;:
J. HENDERSON,' Manager.- ¦:.
Eugene McGinn. . '" McaiNN^ROsTl
- Funeral Directors and Embalmers
31 EDDY STREET.
Telephone South 252. : - San Francisco!
_2JJg_Connectlor^Wltl^Any^)ther House. ¦?
', NEWFIRM OF UNDERTAKERS. \
. Samuel McFaddcn, • 18 years. manager^ for
the United Undertakers'. .Association; ; M.
J." McBrearty, . with • the same company for
10 years ; . P. F. Green, , late I with > J. , C. i
O'Connor & ; Co., have opened new Funeral
Parlors at 1171 ' Mission street, between Sev-
tnth and Eighth, v Telephone South 44. |
gHYSIClAXS AJfD SURGEONS.
D S-.,w-,9- O'DONNELL-Ofnce and residence,
10-1H Market st.. between Sixth and Seventh.
DR. WONG HIM, herb doctor, ; successfully
treats all diseases of the human body: see
testimonials at office, 115-117 Mason,' nr. Ellis.
A ~P£- WONG WO, herb doctor: sanitarium,
764-766 Clay et.: see testimonials at office.
D S" t NG TOT KEE. 210 Stockton st_. opp.
Union square; all diseases cured by herbs.
, PERSONALS.
IF your hair Is falling or you are bald, call
en DR. G. S. MOORE, 332 aFarrell st.. and
you will not be disappointed; this remedy Is
positively guaranteed; preparation sent to all
parts of the world; call or send for circular.
WANTED— A rich young lady who is the only
child in family to wed a rich young man who
is also an only child. Box 137. Call.
ELECTRIC light In every room— Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third Bt., near Market; 700 rooms;
25c to $1 BO per night; $1 50 to $3 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
$1 WEEKLY — Suits to order from genuine
Scotch, $15 up; fine dress suits, $20 up; ele-
gant overcoats, $15 up. LEON LEM03. 1117
Market St.. between Seventh and Eighth.
CHEAP— One flrst-claes unlimited lady's ticket
from San Francisco to Albuquerque, N. M.
Inquire 214 Pine St.. Century Mercantile Co.
TURKISH baths & scientific massage given by
a Swedish nurse; ladies & gents. 231 Taylor"
Et., over fruit store; hours 10 a. m. to 8 p. m.
WHITE enamel Iron beds single, three-quarter
or double. $2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO.. 1310-1312 Stockton St.. near Broadway.
GENTLEMAN wishes acquaintance of lady
worth $3000; matrimony. Box 246, Call office.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
electric needle. MISS EATON, 1119 Sutter st.
SANITARIUM, Turkish baths and massage;
select patrons. E. RALPH. 156 Eddy st-
BOWLING— New Fourth-st. Bowling Alley;
open day and night. 30^4 Fourth st.
LADIES — Get free trial DIxon's Hair Remover;
permanent. 935 Market; sample mailed 23c.
OBESITY cured : no dieting; no weakening. THE
A* VIDA CO., 736 Valencia st.. bet. ISth and 19th.
DR. LAMOTTE'S French Com Paint, the best
corn cure; 25c: all druggists.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna; restores gray
hair to Its natural color; $1; at all druggists.
TAILOR-MADE FUits. $7 50; dress pants. $2 5».
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
OLD gold, silver, diamonds and precious stones
bought. J. R. JENKEL. 817 Market st.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country nr<1«>n«. OOLDSTBTN A- CO.. 733 Mkt.
PLAXIXG A\D TURNING MILLS.
WOOD and Ivory Turning. Planing. Shaping
and Sawing. CARL F. HAAS. 95 Fremont Bt.
PROPERTY WANTED.
CLAYTON. 764— Completely furnished sunny
upper flat of 7 rooms and bath; close to park;
rent J40. LYON & HOAG. 114 Montgomery.
REAL ESTATE — CITY — FOR SALE.
$6500 — TERMS to suit; handsomely decorated
eunny 10-room residence; substantially built;-
finished by day work; every possible lateit
impts.; heaters; 6 basins; plate and art glass
windows; marine and park view; choicest of
any near panhandle: large lot, 26:6x53x100.
Apply Fultcn Bt.. near Shrader: Hayes • or
McAllister street cars; open from 1 to 5 n. m.
OWNERS of property or lots north of Vallejo
and west of Hyde as far as Presidio and In
Richmond, north of Park, and Mission ¦ and
Homer's Addition, who want to sell, call -on
W. J. GUNN. £30 California st., S. F. Sav-
ings' Union building.
EIX. peven and eight room cottages: also two
flat bouses In block between 17th. 18th, Castro
and Noe cts. : »4 cash, balance monthly pay-
ments: CaMro or Guerrero-st. cars. • F. NEL-
EON. builder.
REAL ESTATE — COUNTRY— For Sale
FOR l«*ase — 6310 acres of reclaimed tule lands
on Middle River, immediately south of the
Santa Fe Railroad, and extending for five
and one-half miles along the railway line
and for five miles on Middle River.
The lands are thoroughly reclaimed, with
large and substantial levees and an exten-
plve Ej-eteir. of large drainage and Irrigation
ditches. Have six good houses and barns
already built, and lumber on the ground for
four more house* and barns. / •
The railroad and river afford direct and
competitive freight and passenger communi-
cation with San Francisco and Stockton and
intermediate points, ! by railroad being only
a half hcur from Stockton and three hours
from Fan Francisco.
For lease for term of years either as a
whole or in large tracts:-' ¦ . • ••
Offers for leasing these lands will be re-
ceived at the offices of the company up to
12 o'clock noon. Saturday, September 14, 1901.
The company reserves, the right to reject
any or all bids. Call or address
CALIFORNIA AND NEVADA LAND IM-
PROVEMENT CO.,^
Koom No. 6. Tenth Floor, Mills, Bldg.,
San Francisco.
SPECIAL bargain— 160 acres land, near. Yuba
City. Sutter County, short distance from
Marysville; all rich valley land under culti-
vation; good buildings and well watered and
fenced: this land will be eold In whole or In
part at a very low price; also 140 acres, all
under cultivation; rich valley land: good
buildings; well fenced; short distance from
Yuba City. Sutter County; will be eold in
whole or In part to suit purchaser, and at an
extremely low price. The two above pieces
• re situated In the heart of the fruit grow-
ing district of Northern California and should
be eeen to be appreciated. If contemplating
purchasers will address box 4980, Call office,
for information a bargain will be given. /
FOR sale cheap — 10 acres, well fenced: has on it
400 French, 80 Imperial prune trees, 2 years
old; good 4-room cottage; good well, stable;
chicken houses and everything complete to
move in; also 12 acres with small house, large
barn, a never-falling spring of the best kind'
of water; these 2 places are 40 miles from San
Francisco, near good R. R. town, in Santa
Clara Co., and within 5 minutes' walk of pub-
lic school; no better place in the country for
fruit or chicken raising: will be sold very
cheap. Apply to Owner. 744 Fourth st., S. F.
$6000 — IN Fresno; investment: two houses and
stable, all In first-class condition; lot 150x150
feet: for sale on account of owner going
abroad; lease for^rfiree years; in first class
and central location; rents for $50 per month;
write for full particulars.
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO.,
Exclusive Agents for This Property,
1008 Broadway, Oakland.
FOR SALE NEAR SAN FRANCISCO —
Small tracts. J60 to ?S0 per acre, on Rancho
Cotatl, Sonoma Co.; future value assured, as
Ean Francisco is growing rapidly; location
best for poultry and general farming. Apply
to The Cotatl Co.. 3C2 California St.. for pam-
phlets or information.
12500— IMPROVED foothill farm, 204 acres: El
Dorado County, near R. R. Box 222, Call.
CHOICE farm bargains; call or send for list.
Wooster. Whltton & Montgomery. 634 Market.
POULTRY and dairy ranches for sale; write for
free list. C. R. WINFIELD. Petaluma, Cal.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
LOOK — For sale; house and lot, 7 rooms, bath;
2 blocks from Park st. in Alameda; a bar-
rain; muet be sold at once. Key at 815 Wash-
ington St., Oakland, owner.
FOR rent, furnished — Beautiful home of 8
rooms In best locality. Apply 1315 San An-
tonio ave. - ' ¦ •
6, 6, 7. 8, 8 rm. cottages; large lots; $2000-4000;
terms. J. H. Young, 1243 Park St.. Alameda.
BARGAINS; Improved & unimproved property
acquired by foreclosure: \j cash. Bank of Ala.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
$2000— NEW 6-room cottage: fine mantle' and
sideboard, porcelain bath, tiled sink, station-
ary tubs, tinted walls, gas fixtures, water
and sewer all connected; one block to train
and electric cars; $200, balance. $20 per month.
W. C. MORAN & CO.,
Lorln Station,
Schmidt Block,
Berkeley, Cal.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
$2500— A BANK sale; brand new. colonial style
8-roora cottare, with porcelain i ¦ bath ; large
' bathroom and everything. first class In every
lot about 50x150- feet; .sunny front-
age; close to fclectric line in Piedmont; house
alone cost $3000 to build and is insured for
$2250; easy plan of payments will ' be • ac-
cepted; look into this at once.
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO.. •>'¦?:
Exclusive Agents for this property, .'
... i "• .;.- 1008 Broadway, Oakland.
$50 CASH; $6 monthly; 1 acre of fine land;
well sheltered; lays right for. almost any pur--
pete; two fine never- failing springs; rich soil;
grand view; no fog nor raw winds here; near
electric-car line; wide boulevard; surrounded
by good neighbors; price in all, $600; adjoin-
ing East Oakland; call or send for circular.
455 Seventh st., opposite Broadway station,
'Oakland; carriage free
H. Z. JONES. Owner.'
(nyFriends and acquaintances- are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday),- at 1 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 148 San Carlos avenue, between Eight-
eenth and • Nineteenth streets.- Interment
Mount Olivet Cemetery, by carriage.: ¦ ¦-
tC?"The funeral will take -place to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 10 o'clock, from her late
reslder.ee, 718 Green street. Interment ¦ Holy
Cross Cemetery.
WEDEMEYER— In this city,. September 8, 1901,"
Mathilda, beloved wife of Henry C. •/Wede-
meyer. ' mother 'of' Willie Wedsmeyer.
j daughter of Mrs. M. Kissling, and . sister of
Mrs. Reglna Jensen and Maggie and Daniel
Kissling, t a native of Colusa County, Cal..
aged 25 years 3 months -and 28 days. '
(CTFriends and- acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), -tit 8 o'clock, from the Chapel
of the Passion, St. Mary's Hospital, where
a requiem mass will be celebrated. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
VALLARTA— In this city, September 8, 1901.
Ellgia Aranda de Vallarta. dearly beloved
mother of Mrs. Clotilda Carranza and Mrs.
Maria Schussel, and beloved grandmother, of
Lupe Carranza and Lillio Schussel, a native
of Mexico, aged. 42 years .9 months and 7
days. '•:¦¦>
CyFriends and acquaintances are respects
fully invited to attend the funeral Thursday,
September 12, at 8:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, southeast corner of San Brans
j avenue and Fifteenth street, thence . to th.»
Church of St. Charles Borromeo, corner of
Eighteenth' and Shotwell streets, where a
solemn requiem high mass will be celebrated
for the repose of her soul; commencing at 'J
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
SULLIVAN— In • thia city, September 8. 1901.
Ellen, 'beloved wife of Patrick Sullivan, a
native- of the parish of Skull,- County Cork,
Ireland, aged 60 years.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the Masonic
Temple, corner. of Post and Montgomery
streets, under the auspices of Golden Gate
Lodge No. 30, F. and A. M. . Interment Ma-
sonic Cemetery.
POWELL— In this city, September 9, 1901, Wil-
liam J. Powell, beloved husband of Neilie T.
Powell, son of Mr. and Mrs. H. E. Crowell.
and brother of Mrs. Louie A. Derrick, a na-
tive of Michigan, aged 35 years 4 months and
.^,4 days... . .. ¦¦¦".- -• '* ¦¦ ¦ ¦¦¦>-'¦< \>
RUBEN— In Fresno, Septeniber 8, 1901, Robert
Ruben, beloved husband of Lena Ruben, and
father of Paul Ruben and Mrs. Ida Ellis, a
• native of Germany, aged 66 years.
IT? Interment In San Franci3co. Notice of
funsral hereafter. ¦ . -
RILEY-^In this city, September 9, 1901, Hazen
K. RHey, befcved father of Mrs. Calvin Nut-
tins and John H- W. Riley, a native of
Dover, New Hampshire, aged 81 - years 4
months and 11 days. -¦ . .-. ¦ . •¦
SCHILLING— In this city; September 9. 1901,
Mary Ellen Schilling, dearly beloved wife of
Charles L. Schilling, beloved mother of
Thomas Cavanagh and Richard, Augusta and
Anna- Schilling, and sister of Bridget Con-
. nelly and 1 Thomas Connelly of Ireland, a rta-
tive of Sligo, parish of Dramard,^ County
Sllgo, Ireland, aged 54 years 9 months and
21 days. . ...
E?*Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-day (Tuesday), at 10 o'clock, at her
. late residence, 2110 Larkin street, thence by
11:30 train from Third and Townsend streets.
. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery. ; . .
O'CALLAGHAN— In this city, September 7,
- 1901, John Q'Callaghan, a native of Ireland,
ared 35 years. ...
ICTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1711 Santa Clara avenue, Alameda,
under the auspices of San Francisco Marine
Engineers'. Association. Interment Mountain
View Cemetery, Oakland, j
ORNSBY— In this city^ September 7, 1901.
Mary, beloved wife of C- T. Ornsby, and
dear mother. of May and Georgina Martin, a
native of England, aged 63 years and 9
months. ¦¦ ¦.¦
E?"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend, the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday),'- at- 10:45 o'clock, from Baptist
Church, Palo Alto. . Interment I. O. O. F.
Cemetery upon arrival of 1:30 o'clock train
at .Third and Townsend streets.
NIXON— In San Jose, September 9, 1901, Fred-
erick Nixon, . a native of London, England,
' affed 54 . years. v
' tC7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
. (Wednesday), at 9:30 o'clock, frhm' the par-
lors of McAvby & Co., 1239 Market street,
between Eighth . and Ninth, thence"^ to St.
Joseph's Church for services. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery." ¦ "- .
MACKINTOSH— In this city, September 9. 1901.
Jane, beloved wife of Charles D. Mackintosh,
mother of Grace, Charlie and Hazel ¦ Mackin-
. tosh, and' sister of- William, John,, James,
and Robert Grace and Mrs. John McMillan
and Mrs. John Stark.
MYALL— In this city. September 8, 1901, Ed-
,'•. ward Myall, aged is9 years and 2 months. '
1C7" Funeral services from the . residence of
• his daughter, Mrs. Thomas Denigan, 171s
j Octavia' street, to-day (Tuesday), at/8:30
; o'clock. -Interment at San Jose. / -
MERGUIRE— In Palo Alto, Cal., Septeniber 8.
1901, JohnL., beloved husband of Elizabeth
A. Merguire, and father of George L. and J.
D. Merguire and Mrs. W. B. Lawrence, a
native of Portland, Me., aged 65 years ~ 5
months and 6 days. (Portland, Me., and
Boston papers please copy.).
(C7 Friends and . acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
. (Tuesday), at 9:45 o'clock, from the parlors
of J. C. O'Connor & Co., 767 Mission street,
thence to St. Patrick's, Church for services at
10 o'clock. , Interment Holy Cross Cemetery,
¦ by electric car from Fourteenth and Mission
streets. - ¦ . -.' . . . .-, 'I . ' ' ¦..• -.
McNAMARA— In this city, September 8, 1901,
Kale, belo%'ed wife of the late James J. Mc-
Namara, and mother of James J, Lilly, Ka>
tie, John and Annie McNamara and Mrs.
\ Charles Chase, a native of Ireland, ased 42-
years. ,.
IC?"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully. Invited to attend the funeral services
this day- (Tuesday), at 10:15 o'clock, at tbi
' parlors of N. Gray & Co., 641 Sacramento
street. Interment Hills of Eternity Ceme-
J tery.by 11:30 o'clock train from Third and
Townsend streets. . • ' ' - •
JOHNSON — In Napa, September 7. 1901,.
George, beloved husband of Bridget Johnson
of Vallejo, a native of North Yanetb, Me.,
' ared 70 years. " - . . •
¦ E?"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
- (Wednesday), at. 11:30 o'clock, from her late
" residence, -3327 Eighteenth street. Interment
Cypress Lawn : Cemetery.^ Services at the
chapel of- Cypress Lawn. ¦ ¦¦- ¦- ¦
JACOBS— In this city, . September 7. 1901; Eph-
. ralm, beloved husband.. of Clara Jacobs, and
father of "Zephora Jacobs, a native of New
York, aged 52 years. : , . .
- C^Notice of funeral, hereafter^ Remains at
the: parlors of Theddor Dierks. 957.- Mission
street,, between Fifth and Sixth. \ . . ;
FRASIER— In . this city,- September ' 9, 1901,
Hobert, beloved son of ¦ Douglas and Mattie
Frasier, and brother of -Emory M., Le Roy
. D. and Daniel L. , Frasier, . a" native of Cali-
fornia, aged 18 years 10* months -and. 9 days.
GILBERT— In- this city, September 9.^1901, In-
fant daughter, of 'John and Ida Gllbert,-and
- , sister" of Alberta' Gilbert, a native of -San
' Francisco, aged 14' days. . ' > ' *• >> . ¦ < ..' •
INGLIS— In this city. September 9, 1901,' Jane.
! beloved' wife of James Inglis, and mother, of
Charles and James Inglis, a native of Eng-
land, aged 72 years 4 months and 5 days.
"(Utica, N. Y., papers'please copy.) •' :
' commencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross " Cemetery, v •>.«*• , ¦-'¦.*:--¦-..¦ . '
CALDERWOOD— In Frultvale, ¦ Sentember ' 9,
1901, Oscar Stillman, beloved husband of Ab-
ble : H: Calderwood, , ; son - of ' Mary A. Calder-
¦ wood of Vinal : Haven, ; Me., and brother of
Mrs. Hattie A. Clark of Vinal Haven and
Joseph Kr Calderwood of Boston, ' Mass..' aged
» 60 .years. 1 ¦ • . : -? ¦ - :? '¦ - J ' ' " ¦?' ""'
DOWLING^-In this city, September 9, - 1901,
James, beloved husband of Mary Dowling, a
native, of .West "Meath, Ireland." ; aged TS
years. . • *. : • .. ' • . .,,.^\ ¦ •..-\- "'„-
107 POWELL ST.n MI ,ELL!5 2SSST 5056
.SfiahahanFlorisfGo.
; Vf r 1 ARTISTIC FLORAL DESIGNS '
Prices Reasonable.-.
mscEiAAycocs — for s>» c<m.
AP UNCLE HARRIS has retired from business
i>'crmation about articles left with him can
jt had at U Grant ave., room 28. 11 to 1 p. m.
j»-j;tv or 2d-hand clothing, shoes, tools, metals,
jewelry bought, sold, exch.; 1 4-H.P. Covey;
1 -VH.P. Hercules; gasoline eng. 910 Kearny.
15C1 COLUMBIA, Rambler. Snell. Orient and
other second-hand bicycles cheap; seed for
list. LEAVITT & BILL, 309 Larkln st.
FINE counter. 60 feet, in four parts; euitable
for offlce. store, bank or bar. L. & M
ALEXANDER. 110 Montgomery el
A-53 E0 DERBY and Fedora hats. 51 7i Pop-
ular Price Hatters. SSQ Kearny st. near Pine.
PHOTO bargain list No. 17 now ready for
mailing. 109 Montgomery Et. '
BRITANNIC A. genuine Ecribner. 25 vols.
sheep, n 75. Rm, 76. Hotel St. Denis. 24 Turk!
TWO rare old masterpieces, oil paintings; Cer-
icr and Maco; $75. Address box 3417? Call.
NEW White and Wheeler Wilson, drop-head
tawing machine cheap. 1915 Mission, nr. 15th.
BUILDING lumber, tank closets, lire escape
and wrought pipe. Apply 64 Silver St.. off 3d.
GASO ., L1J i E engines. aI1 sll «s.'new and second
hand. J. E. POAIC 511 Mission st. ° CT -"° a
DIAMONDS, watches, jewelry; cash or install-
ments. Theo. Fershtand. IX Kearny. r. 29.
TTRST-CLASS second-hand modern engines and
boilers bought and cold. KROGH MFG. CO.
:D-HAND machinery of all kinds bought, sold
rented, exchanged. H. S. White. E16 Mission'.
E e;?. IX j? S BUR d K^"^Bea^ d - haDd ""^^
FAIRBANKS 1 10-ton hay scale; Jeweler's Gteel-
lmed safe, perfect order. 216 California et.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving pic-
tures. BULLARD & BRECK, 131 Post st-
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
ALL clamped checks bought: documentary and
proprietary stamps. ZC08 Call, building.
TED ~ At 0Rce ' old sealskins; will pay
7-Tghest cash prices. Box S7, Call office.
TILTON -wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 9th st.; tel. Folsom 2522.
SIOXESJV^TO LOA.V.
AA .7I MAN ~ H attaSTlo aTTcompaxy! ~
•*00,0w» at 6 per cent in sums to suit. City and
Oakland, toTvr. and country property; second
mortgages. life insurance & securities. Loans
on unsettled estates, undivided interests in
real estate and legacies. We will purchase any
of above securities. Tel. Red 5024. MAXHAT-
TAN LOAN CO.. 7th floor. Crocker bldg.
ANY AMOINT AT 6 PER CENT
FirFt. second and third mortgages
Vcdivided interest in real estate in probate..
Mortgagee "ar.d legacies bought; no delay
Get my terms bttore doing business elsewhere
R. McCOLGAN
24 Montgomery St.. room 3
HERMAN MITvPHV. 603 Examiner building—
$5,000,000 at C% or less in large sums; loans
on second mortgages, estates, etc.; financial
problems of sli sorts and sizes. If your prop-
erty is mortgaged pr.d you noed more money
yee HERMAN MURPHY. C33 Examiner bldg.
ANY proposition, any amount; € per cent; first,
Eecond mortgages, estates in probate, interest
in estates, legacies, undivided interests, secu-
rities, manufacturing, mercantile and timber
interests; corj>oration loans. R. 16, first floor
Chronicle building. GEORGE E. OLSEN.
HIGHLY respectable, private place to obtain
liberal pdv&nees on diamonds, jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store, 946 Market
ft.; tel. Main 3644. Branch 13 Third St. - -
F.ELI ABLE corporation, established 1865. proper
place to borrov.- money on diamonds. Jewelry.
pianos arid sealskins at lowest rate of intereslt.
y tirant ave.. near Market St.; tel. Black 547L
ANY proposition; any amount; 6 per cent, on
mortgages, estates, undivided interests; chat-
tel mortgages, etc. D. J. HALLO. RAN, •«
Adarr.y. bldtr., 1:06 Kearny St., room 214.
Jjh'XICIPAL T^oan Office. fl)3 Grant ave.. near
ueary Et. ; phone Red 1603.
ON real estate, 1st or 2nd mortgages & on furni-
ture or pianos without removal; any amount;
lowest rates. Bwker & Co.. 26 Montgomery-
CASH loaned to salaried people on note with-
out indorser or on mortgages at 6 per cent per
annum. MORRELL. 609 Examiner building.
Advances life insurance policies: Army and
Navy officers' salaries; accounts of bank books
in liquidation bought. Apply 330 Montgomery.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc.. by private
party; no removal; no commission; confiden-
tial. Room 3. Conservatory bldg.. 301 Jones.
ON furniture, pianos; no removal; money
quick; lowest interest: easy terms; no broker-
age;, reliable party. 1170 Market St., room 68.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watchc-s, jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL. 10 Sixth;
highest price for oid goW, silver, diamonds.
$25.(^0 IN tru5t to loan at C^per cent; city or
country; see me before going elsewhere.
HARPER. 227 Parrott building.
A — ON real estate; lowest rate; no brokerage;
no delay. LICK. 116 McAllister st.
THE TOUSLE Y Company; loans and discounts.
221 Parrott building.
MONEY loaned salaried people without Fecur-
ity. Hill. r. 44, Merchants' Ex., 431 California.
ON salaries cr wages; no indorser required. E.
t F. DISCOUNT AGENCY. 143 Phelan building.
LOANS money on salary; no lndorser; Eastern
plen. Western Loan Co., 3C9 Phelan bldg.
flOO.COO TO loan on real estate or for building;
low rate. ?22 Sansome St., room 2.
MCSXCAI* IXSTBCMEXTS. „,_,-_
a~bonanza~f6r~snap hunters.
PIANOS.
1 good upright. ?53; 1 better. $8S.
2 good grands. $175. $195.
£ uprights. $135. S155. S1S3. J190, $188. n
Also Conover, Steinway. Weber, Vose, Curtaz,
Decker Bros., Pease. StandardL, Uttla used.
ORGANS.
1 6-stop. $33; 1 7-stop. $44.
,i 7-«top. $48; 1 nne like new. $64.
2-manual. $75; 1 16-etop. Liszt style.
Mason & Hamlin, very fine. $150.
Easy payments. BENJ. CURTAZ & SON,
16 O'Farr^ll st. Chickerlng Agency.
14, COO sq. fen; largest and oldest piano house.
ALL pianos purchased of SHERMAN, CLAY A
CO. may b« exchanged for & new Sielnway
upright or baby grand piano any time within
S years from date of purchase, and have full
price allowed. New upright pianoe. $( per
month; some good pianoe sold for $3, $4 and
$5 per month. EHERMAN, CLAY & CO..
fitelnway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
fts.. San Francisco: corner Broadway and
Thirteenth st.. Oakland.
ALL highest grades eolrt by Heine Hiano Co..
sole cgents for famous and oldest American
makes. Including Hallet-Davis; great bar-
rain list. $50 up; Steinway, J185 up; Fischer.
IU<0: Chlckering. $165; 26 othen. renta 12 up;
great inducements to agents. Z17 Geary rt.
A FIRM'S failure to realize on account of
etrike has placed two carloads of high-grade
pianos in storage to be sold at Eastern fac-
tory prices; second-hand pianos for a song.
WILSON'S STORAGE. 1706 Market st,
OUR "special price" rale during the past
week has been a most wonderful one. Many
people have been surprised and delighted with
the bargains we have given them. You may
have lust as gcod a chance 1? you'll come
now and let us tell you the price and ehow
you the goods. Seeing Is believing.
THE ZENO MAUVAIS MUSIC CO.,
7C9 Market rt.
ANY p'ano eold by us taken back any tiros
within 2 years and full purchase price al-
Towed on a new peerless Knabe at regular
Brice- costs you cnly 20c a day to buy a piano
-rom'uT KOHLER t CHASE. JO O'Farrtll
et.: established 1S50.
lTAVOS— Eteck. Everett, Hartman, Packard.
4-udwIg and ctbeni; 20 diffsrent
¦ r*tlnu%: wholesale ard retail. THE WILEY
B ALLEN CO. S23 Market et. fopp. Mason);
branch «tor*. ssrbrcadway. Oakland. x
ATTENTION. PIANO BUYERS!
Fohnw. Byron Maury.Gabler Lester Ham-
IJton and Pplelman p.anos to be had new
"niy at BYRON MAUZY'S. 30S. S10. 212 Post.
t EFT on sale — Novella upright, $37: Steinway
~ upright. $165- Room &• *" Geary et. ¦
ABSOLUTE sacrifice— Fine large 3-pedal up-
rtght piano; leading city. 770 OTarrell rt.
ptFIVWAT $100- Hartman. $100; elegant new
pfano^ $3X0 Vy. W. C. H«m»ton. 8 Flood bldg.
ELEGANT piano Mgoou a« new: standard
make: a eacriflce. Hornun^s 818 McAllister.
AT KEEFFE'fi. 22" Turk *t-. near Market—
Ehonlnger. Bchubcrt and Bteinway bargaim.
175 AN'D^Pward-Fine uprights. PIERCE' 3
Piano F^gctory. Market. 14th and Church sta.
A 6PKCIAL for this- week— $400 piano for $275.
ERUENN. 28S Post st.
i D^C^TT!cU^'T g A t 2 I pta n^ ZL&SjSL
Et'PKniOR violins. altbei-B. old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
GOOD woond-h«n(J upright for eale cheap.
prHMTT7. W MoAtHrter «t
Olli.
r'T tanks second-hand. In rood . order; all
*Jjfn&*Tri. W. WH7TB. B1« Ml-lon st.
PAI^'TEKSAJJiO^KCOlRATORS^^^
ROOMS papered from V up: whitening dene.
Hkrtmann Paint Co.. 313 3d: tel. Red S52L
ills LAMB eclentlflc palmist;, head and face
rtadinc; lessens eiven. C17 Jones et,
BAIL WAT TBAVEL.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC:
Train* !•!»*• nail nre •¦• to ttrrlv* »»
V ' « - «AW rttANl'Mt'O.
. . - (Mala Una. Toot of M»rk«t Street)
¦L*ATB — TJOM Jtn-T 14. UQ1. — XMtmi
7)00 a Braida, Sulsun, Klmlr» and Saera*
memo.... «rS3»
7 :«»A V»caTlUe, Winters, SuaiMy ?>S3r
7 ISO jl M vMuez, San lUmon, Vallejo, Nap*,
Callstoc* and Santa- Rosa a>S5*
SiOOa DaTia, Woodland. Kaigau Landing,
-.- MntmtUI*. Oro.iUe, T«8»»
*>••* Atlantic Kxpreaa— Ogdeo and Xaat lBtSSr
Msooa Nile*, Lathrop, Stockton... ?iS»r
•lOOANUes, Mendota, Hanfard. - Visalla,
Porterrille 4t39»
• i30i.8huu Expreia— D»tLi, Williams (for _:.- ,
Bartlett Springs), Willows. Bad
Bluff. Portland... ......;7.: 7»0S» |
! lit* * San Joib. Hyermore, .Slock ton, , - ,
Iodo. Hseramento. PlacerfiUo, ¦
M»rjiTlIle. Chico, Ua.ytluir " 4i*3r
5 SiSVa Oakuale, Chlnew CYoafcute). So-"
nora. Carters - 4tS3y
B<OOa Hayward, Nile* and Way SeaUom ... ¦ 1 trftS*
- B.OOa Vallejo...-.- ..........:. ....... iJt-aSt
: VtUV a Loc , Anzeles Exvreu — Martinet, -, ¦
' ' >¦ Tr»cy. ijathrop. .Stockton. II creed '
Krotno »im1 Loi A-nuol™ .......... - 7i»3»
¦iS#)a Vallejo. Alartlnez au<t Way Stations fiSSr
i 10:00* Tha Orerlaud tiail ted-Ogden, Dsa- . >
-'¦ *er, Onaha,' Chicago fli*3r
fltOOp SacrainenUi Kit er Mioamen {3t9«A
Bi3»r Hayward. Nil» and Way Stations.. ' 7>3S» .
4i«or Ueuicla, Whiten, tiaeramanto,
Wooillaiid, KiilgbU J,andlnf,
M.r/irillB.Orofllle «»'33l
4iO«r Martinet, . Kan Jtauioii. Vallejo,
Nnp». »:»ll«toga, Hmlillou Bi«3a
4iOOf Nllos, Uvenuora. Stockton. Lodl... ia.a3p
«isor Hayward. Nilea. Ban Jo«>, IJTcrmoi* t»'M*
. 4tS0r Port Cos-*, Tracy, Latbrop, Btocktoa 1 i»:23a
SiOOr Tba Owl Limited-Fiesuo, Toian.
Bakerafleld, 8anfua for Sauta fiar>
bara. Loa Angeles „» S:33a
BiOOrMartlnrz. Antioch, Stockton, iler-
ced, Fresno. 18x«3p •
OsOArTosemito....... IZMr
BiSOr New Orleans Expren— Mendota,
. Freeno, Baktnfleld. Loa Angeles, .
Demlnfe. £1 Paao. New (Mean*
and Kast 7tSS«.
•i0tr Hayward. Nllea and San Jose 7>63a
fBiOOr Vallejo lli«3*
OiO»r Oriental Mall— Ogden, Cheyenne,
Omaha, Chicago 13:23*
• •¦O*p Oriental Mall— Ogdeo, Denver,
¦ •, St. Iioula. Chicago. «:S3*
. 7lw0r Oregon ami California Kxpreu.naa-
. .- rainentii. Mary«riIIe, ICeilillng,
' rortlaml, fitgak Hound ami Rait S>B3a
' IiMf San Pablo. Pur* Costa, Martlnea
and Way 8tatIODS 11:15*
18:03f Tallejo 7»»ap
-COAST LINE (Narror? (lange).
- , - (Foot o( Market Strtel.t
. ' f7>43A Santa Croz Excunion to danta Cms
and Principal Way Station* J8 «OO»
Ssl3ANewark.C'eiiter?Ule,HanJoae,Fe!toD,
- ' *•; I)ou!derCrtek,,SautaCrniaudWay
Stations B«50»
fail Or Newark, CenterTille, Ban Jo«e, New
_ Almaaen. Feltou, Jtoalder Creoi, , -
SauU Crux and Principal Way
» Stations IwlSVA
4i13p Newark, Han Jose. Loa Gatos f9>nOA.
« 4 si 5p QlenwoottBonlderCreok. Santa Cm «9i30a
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
IrtB UK nUICISCO-fMl of Mirlcit Street (Slip 5)—
t7:10 9:00 U:00*.U. 1:03 3:03 8:13 r.M.
rMmOHUIB— r«l tf Bmawit.— tfl:00 td.00 tS:OS
10;0O*.lt. 12:00 8:00 4:03 r.M.
COAST LING (nroail Ga«ge).
¦ (Third and Towniend St».) ' ¦ '
' «jI«a Ban Jots and Way Stations.......... 4i3»a
t7>»OA Han Josemxl WaySUtloni li»«p
/7iOoa New Almadeu..: / *x\9r
}7sSOa Sunday Excursion for Saa Jcca,
Santa Crux, Paciflo Grove and
Principal Way S Utions {«: 3 0?
•iO»AHau Joss. HoUbter. SauU Crnz.
Pxeiltc «!ro»e, halinaa, San Lola
Oblspo. Santa Barbara ami Prin-
• dpat Intermediate stations 7i8«t
IOiXOa San Jcie aod Way SUUo&s. *:30*
HiSOa ami Jose anil Way .Statloua BiUU# .
, tXi-Or San Mateo, ICed wood. Menlo Park,
Palo Alto. Hanta Clara, S»i» Jos*.
HoHister, Saiitu Crux. Salinas.
Monterey am! 1'aclBc Qrore tl*>43A
Si3»r San Jose, Ties Pinos. Santa Cruz,
Pacific Grove and Way Stations 4:lOp
H>18r San Joseand Principal Way Station! U:4*a
i3:OOF8an Jose, Los Gatos and Principal
Way Stations tO««O*
S:30r SanJoseaudPrinoipal WaySUtlons 8:3Sa
. fliOOp Bedwoad, San Jom. GUrny, Salinas,
SauU Barbara, Los Angela 19iO3a
•-•aOpSan Jose and Way Stations t«K»i»\
alli4Sr> San Jose ami War Stations... 7:30?
? for Morning. P t nr A f teruoon.
tSnndayexceptad. I Punrtay only.
a Saturday only. « T l^ndiy . . .
• Saturday «nl Sunday, / Tuesdays and Frfday*.
CALIFORNIA N0RT3WESTEBN RI. CO.
LESSEB
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon Ferry. Foot of Merest St
San Fran:i&:o ta » «maC
WEEK DATS— 7:30. »:0O. U:0O «. m.; 12:85.
• :30, 6:10. 6:30 p. m. Thursdays — Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra Ulpa (tlAI
- and 11:10 p. m.
6UNDAYS-8:00. »:S0. 11:00 a. m.; 1:M. VM,
6:00. «:20 p. m. . — ' ¦ -.
Han Rafa-I to San Francisco.
, WEEK DATS— 6:10, 7:60. »:K, ll:io a. m.; 13:C
8:40. 6:15 pttk" Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:33
and (:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS- 8:10. •:«. 11:19 a. m.; 1:40. 3:41k
8:05. 6:25 p..m^ , . ,.:...
Leave ' I In Effect j Arrtv*
Ean Francisco. |April 23. 1301.1 San Francisco.
Week I Sun- I I Sun- I Week
Days. I days. I Peatlnatlon. . days. I Days.
7:30 ami 8:00 am Novato, 13:40 am 8.40 am
<:S0 prn) 9:30 am Petaluma. 6:05 pm 10:25 am
6:10 pm[ 6:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:33 pm 6:20 pm
~ Fulton. ~*
1:30 am Windsor. 10:15 asa
6:00 pm Healdsburg. 10:40 am
Lytton.
Oeyserville,
S:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:35 pm 8:20 pm
7:20 am! 5:00 pml . Hopland 110:40 am|10:25 am
1:30 pm| 8:00 ami and TJklah. I 7:35 pml 8:20 pm
7:30 ami f" 10:40 am 10:23 am
I 8:00 ami' Oueroerllle. 7:33 pm -'
8:30 rrs! S:00 pml I 1:20 pm
7:30 am 8:G0 am Sonoma. ' I 9:15 ami 8:40 am
and I )
8:10 prn 6:00 pm Glen Ellen. I 6:03 pml S:M pra
7:30 ami 8:00 ami * 110:40 am|10:25 am
8:30 pml 5:00 pn>| SebaatOTXtL I 7:35 pml 6:20 prn
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulnhur Springs; at Fultor>
for AKruria: at Lytton. for Lytton Springs: at
Geyserville for Skagga Springs: at Cloverdala
for tha Geysers: at Hopland for Dunca-i.
Springs. Highland SprtOKS. Kelseyville. Carls-
bad Springs, Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
, Springs: at Ukiah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
Spring", Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake, Witter
Springs. Upper Lake. Pomo, Potter Valley.
John Day's. Riverside. Werley*s. Bucknell's.
Banhedrin Helsrhts. Hullville. Orr's Hot
Springs. Mendoclno City,. Fort Brass.. West-
port. Usal, Wlllits. - Laytonville Cummins.
Bell's Springs, Harris, Olsen'a, Dyer. Scotia
and Eureka. - , •
- Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced - ratea. ¦ ¦
On - Sundays- round-trip tickets to all points
beycr.d San Rafael, at half rates.
Ticket office. 650 Market street. ChronitU
building.. . ¦_ •
H. C. VVHITINO. R. 3C RTAN. •
Gen, Manuager. Gen. Paaa. Agt.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via' Sausallto. F«rry. .
> Commencing April 23, 1301.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLET
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS-«:55. 8:30. »9 :30. U a. m..
12:45. «1:45. 3:15, 4:15. S:15. »«:15. 6:45 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and Saa
Rafael on Mondays, Wednesdays, Saturdays
and. Sundays at 9:30 and 11:40 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 7:00. 8:00. »9:00, mhOO. 11:60. 11:30
a. m.. 12:45. »l:30. 2:30. »3:45. 6:00. «:00. 7:30
p. m. 11:00 a. m. does not. run to San Rafael
Sundays * ' , '
Trains marked (*) run to San Qnentin. . ..'
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— '5:25. «r27, » 7:47. -8:35. -W:1S
a. m.. »12:25. 1:15, 2:20. »3:35. 4:40. 5:30 p. m_
EXTRA TRIPS on. Mondays. Wednesdays,
and Saturdays at 8:43 and" 10:00 p. ra. : .
SUNDAYS— «:15, •8:00. 9:45, »11:00 a. m., «12-
rn.. 1:00. 2:13.' *3:30. 4:30. »3:43. 6:43.- 7:30, 10:10
p rn* ¦ . - - - . ... > - ¦ . ¦ ¦ - - ¦ • • _ ¦ v
"Trains marked <•) start from San Quentln. " T
FROM MILL VALLE-Y TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:43, • 8:43,- 7:53, 8:55,-» 10:30
a. m.. 12:35. 1:45. -2:43. 3:50, 5:10. 5:20 p. m.
: EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and -10:35 p. m.
StTNDAYS— «:35. 8:00. 10:05. 11:10 a. m.. 12:13.
1:20 -2:30. 3:45. 5:00. 6:13. .7:15. 10:30 p..m.
¦ THROUGH TRAINS. f ' •', •
6:53 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way sta-
tions *•¦ ¦ " .--.¦* - .
3:15. p. .m.-. Saturdays— Cazadero and -way sta-
tions.' ¦¦ ¦;.-•-- * . . _- "* -. ' f
• '8:0C a. m. Sundays— Cazadero and way sta-
tions.
: . 10 a. m. Sundays— Point Reyes and; way sta-
tions.., .. .. .i-ili-.i.^ ; •:-'.-.- . .--• :\- -. '. :¦• :_
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAFLWAY
-- ; '- • Via iHttllt* f «cty— *Mt'«f MarkM *X / ' ¦'
IM«i •*>» wmAm. '"'':' ¦''¦' ' a««f»« •*¦ n»aiB»
v WEBa I7AY3 V<« b %m
8*0*. M.1 12:15 p.m.
8«0 a. M.' . • . 1:15 r. if. -
10*0 A. M. 1 UTTVnAT* , 8:3 ° T - **•
uao a. m. ' BuwDA-ra i:S0T . m
l-JSQr.u. < 6 JO p. m.
2aop. m.J .:. .' 7ao».M.
Fare. Saa Tnatl— to Svatt aaa SMarn, |1.*»
; TIAet OfSws. 621 Market St.. & SansalUo Ferry, *
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
629 KE.4RSY ST. Established
In 1S34 for the treatment of Private
Diseases, Lost Manhood. ; Debility or
dlvase wearing on body and mind and
Skin Diseases. Tne Doctorctiresiwhen
others fail. Try him. Charges low.
CarrKKnaraBlfrd. Cal lor writ*
Ur.J. 1*. «IBBO.\. Sau Francisco, Cal. •
OAKLAM) FURNITURES FOR SALE. *
AN. Introduction to you from H. Schellhaas, tha
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. ' Oakland. .
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
CALIFORNIA,"l52f— Sunny ¦ BTn^ie^anT~douWe
housekeeping rooms; gas and bath. -
HOWARD court, 22. bet. 4th and 6th, off How-
ard— 2_JiolJsekpgrooms^_£urnh2he£_C£mpJ^ete.
HYDE, 408— Sunny suite complete for house-
keeping, $16; also sunny basement suite, yard,.
laundry, $12. - .-.'...-'¦•- 1
LANGTON, 212%, near Seventh— Three large \
' unfurnished housekeeping rooms ; large sunny
yard. ' -¦¦¦..: '
2 NICE large completely furnished housekeep-.
Ing rooms; north of Market; rent $15. Ad-
dress box 181. Call office. - - ..
MCALLISTER, 638— Nicely furnished parlor
suite; sink, gas range, bath, laundry. !
NATOMA, 152, near New Montgomery— A sunny
room, with use of kitchen. /
O'FARRELL, 917—3 unfurnished housekeeping
rooms; bath and usq of laundry. '
POLK, 1002— * and 5 room suites, completely
•furnished for housekeeping; -cheap; reference.,
6OLAR FLATS, E25 Turk— Fine; new; Chicago
etyle; 1. to 5 room suites for housekeeping; .
unfurn. and furnished; electricity; janitor. -
STEVENSON, 519—4 rooms, completely fur-
nlshed for housekeeping, for sale cheap.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at . 1088
Valencia at. ; - '-
'CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore st. .
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing, $1 per year.
ROOMS TO LET— Furn. and Untnrn.
AHLBORN HOTEL, 321 Grant ave.— BesPs'l'a-
day family hotel in city; polite attendance;
large rooms, EOc up: meals, 25c; free coach.
A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE. 148 Sixth— Rooms, "
25c to U per night; $1 25 to $5 per week and
Jlght housekeeping .rooms; open all night.
ARGYLE, 234 McAlllitcr— New, elegant, sunny;
grill attached; country visitors find no place
like the Argyle: take McAUlster-st. cars.
AT Shasta House, 246 Third— 200 rooms; newly
renovated; 25c to 75c. $1 to $3 week.
BACHELOR Hotel, 18 Mason St.— 100 newly fur-
nished rooms, $1 50 per week up; elevator,
electric lights in every room, return call bells;
first-class; quiet; central. ' '
BURNETT, 1426 Market (old No," .1364)— Fur-
nished rms.. suites, single: also unfurnished.
CALIFORNIA, 1242^ — An elegant sunny parlor
suite;. bay-window; gas; fireplace; every con-
venience: finest location; private family; gen-
tlemen preferred. '
CLAY, &33. near Powell, third flat— 2 nice front
f rooms; good view of bay; couple gentlemen;
German family. ,
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, corner Mason— Elegantly
furnished eunny rooms; prices reasonable. ¦
EDDY. 210 — Newly furnished single and double
rooms $6 up; central location. / •
EDDY. 624— A large nicely furnished room;
strictly private family. • '. ' ; - ¦
EIGHTH. 126B— 2 pleasant front rooms, $6
each; top floor. •> - '.
FOLSOM, 776%— Neatly furnished bay-window
room; every convenience; reasonable.
FOURTH. 225 — Nicely furnished froi|t room;
also single rooms. ' -_ -
GEARY, 405, The Navarre— Elegantly furnished
suites and single; travelers accommodated.
GEARY, 1137, bet. Van Ness & Franklin — Newly
furn. sunny rooms, en suite or single; bath.
HARRISON. 78414, near 4th— Finely furnished
rooms; bath; all conveniences.; homelike; ?1
week up. :
HOTEL ST. DENIS (European plan). 24 Turk
et., near Market— Central location; new build-
ing; elegantly furnished; strictly first-class;
60c per dav and upward; special rates by the
week or njonth; best In the city; references;
take Market-st. cable cars to Turk et.
HOWARD, 1712, near Thirteenth st.— Nice
furnished room for gentleman; bath; cheap;
over store. . -
MARKET. 1015 (New Arlington)— Nicely fur-
nished rooms, $2 a week up; 36c a day up.
MARKET, 1055, opp. Jones— Upstairs furnished
rooms; for transient; for travelers; baths.
MARTINET, 1101 Geary, one door above Van
Ness — Suites new fur.; single rooms. $10 up.
MASON, 107— Sunny front rooms; newly fur-
nished; also housekeeping rooms.
MINNA. 667. corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room. $^ per week; transient.'.
O'FARRELL. 20— Sunny furnished rooms 'and
offices; elevator; elec. lights; day, week, mo.
RAUSCH.- ISA— 2 unfurnished rooms and "hall,
newly painted and papered: rent $5. ¦
RESPECTABLE lady wanting nice nunny
room, rent reasonable, apply 1520 Pacific ave.
ROYAL House, 126 Ellis— Incandescent light;
— reading-room, smoking-room and ladies' par-
. lor; rooms, per night, 35c to $1 50; week, $2 to
$8; month. $S to $20; elevator on ground floor;
¦ rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
EHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth St.,
I near Market — Furnished or unfurnished. '
STOCKTON. S32— Nice sunny clean suites and
elpgle rms.; run. water; baths; phone; cheap.
TAYLOR, 106— Double and single beds, Jl 50
week; other rooms, 25c per night.
THE BERLIN. 238 Kearny— Elegant suites;
single rooms; running water; transient.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
Futecrlptlons has been established at 1096
Valencia st.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In tha
United States or Canada one year for $1.
ROOMS AND BOARD.
California, 807 — Stevenson mansion; select fam-
ily hotel: exceptional table; attractive rooms.
THE Crocker, 915 Leavenworth— Fine sunny
rooms, single and en suite; beautiful grounds.
O'FARRELL, 605 (Johnson House)— Sunny con-
servatory suite; • splendid for. gents; board.
PINE, 793 — Lovely sunny rooms; excellent
board; $20 to $30 per month.
PLEASANT sunny room and board In private
family for 2 gentlemen; home cooking. 1508
Leavenworth st. •
HOTEL Repeller. 781 Sutter— Newly furnished;
excellent table; special rates to tourists.
VAN NESS. 519— rfandsome furnished parlors.-
all conv.. sunny suites: best table board.
ROOMS AND BOARD WANTED.
TWO or three rooms; unfurnished, except car-
pets; board; couple; north Market. Box 177,
Call office. . • ., • * . '
- SPECIAL NOTICES.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 415 Montgomery st., rooms 9-10; tel, 55S0.
DISEASES and ailments of men treated; con-
sultation free. American Dispensary. 514 Pine.
SEWING MACHINES AND "SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
pairing; lowest rates. Tel. Black 1124, 205 4th.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
palrlng; lowest rates; phone Mint 45. 145 6th.
J^TORAGE^AND^AREHOPSEg. /
PIE^C^R^5^L^PH~^tOTa^e^inT^i^vhig~Co!r
office Post and Powell sts.; tel. Main 5713. -
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse. 840 Mis-
sion Et.: tel. Howard 941. F. W» ZEHFUSS.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., 722 Mission st.;
tel. Main 1840; shipping at cut rates. ' ¦ '
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany, 2320 Flllmore, st. ; phone Jackson 281, •
( DIVIDEND NOTICES. '
DIVIDEND Notice— Dividend No. 81 (20 cents
per chare) of the Paauhau Sugar Plantation
Company will be payable at the office of th«t
company, 327 Market st., on and after Tues-
day, September 10, 1901. 'Transfer books
closed ..Wednesday, September 4, 1901, at 12
o'clock m. H.i W.. THOMAS. Secretary. ,
OFFICE of the Contra Costa Water Co.. room
16, eecond floor. Mills building, San Fran-
- Cisco, Sept. 3, 1901— Dividend No. 192 of. 42
cents per share on the capital stock of the
CONTRA COSTA WATER COMPANY will
be payable at the office ' of said company,
room 16, second floor, Mills building, on Sept.
15, 190L Transfer books will close on Sept.
8, 1901. at 2 p. m.' ¦.
EDWARD McGARY. Secretary.
DIVIDEND Notice.— The Giant Powder Com-
pany. Con.— A dividend. No. 33, • of seventy-
five cents (76c) per share on the issued capital
stock of the company has been declared pay-
able at the office of the company, 435 Califor-
nia Et.. San Francisco, on September 10, . 1901.';
Transfer ' books close Sept. 3, 1801, at noon. \
JULIAN SONNTAG. Secretary 'pro tern. '
TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARGAINS IN^fYPEWRrTE^S^We
sell better machines for less money than any
house in the city; rentals, $3. The Typewriter
Exchange. 536 California; telephone Main 26C.
TYPEWRITERS, 2d-hand,~ all makes; at • low
figures. L. & M. ALEXANDER,- 110 Montg'y.-
H ARTFORD typewriters ; new. $60 ; anti-trust ;
all makes; used machines $10 up. 209 Sansome.National Union to Entertain.
Mrs. Max M. Brown has returned to the
ol?i4 n £i77 rill i b< l at home to her friends
at 11,6 Ellis stret on the second Friday of
every month.
Mrs. P. Deasy of Darlna Parlor, Native
Daughters of the Golden "West- Mrs T
a e v°isftfo Gr^ss^lley 81111^ m ° rnln = ° n
Joseph Hassenmuller left last week for
5S t£ 0 1* a ?r d other polnts ot interest In
the East. He expects to be absent for
some time.
ceremony the- guests were invited to the
beautifully decorated parlors, where dinner
was served. ¦ Music furnished by a Native
Filipino string quartet, hidden from view
by a mass of shrubbery and palms, added
greatly to the enjoyment of the occasion.
Many toasts were offered and drunk to the
future welfare of the happy couple. Later
in the dancing was indulged in
to a late hour. --Mr. and Mrs. Gerber left
next morning to pass their honeymoon at
Monterey. Seattle . will be their future
home.
The executive committee of the Califor
nia Miners' Association will hold a meet
ing Saturday evening at the Union
League Club to make arrangements for
the association's annual convention It
is expected that the convention will -4»
held in this city on or about October 22.
California Miners' Association.
M. Abram of Hanford met with a severe
accident yesterday afternoon at the cor
ner of eighth and Harrison 'streets. H»
procured an express wagon, filled It with
seats and invited a crowd to accompany
him to the baseball game. All alighted
at their destination except Abram. Ha
was standing up when the horses started
and threw him out. He broke his right
arm and was removed to the receiving
Hospital for treatment.
Abram Lost His Balance.
rangrements. The chairman of the even
ing will be D. W. Burchard. The pro
gramme will include selections by the or
chestra, vocal by Carlos N
Keller and the Paloma Quartet, imper
sonations by Grace Johnson, specialties
by the Kelcey sisters and a sketch. 'The
Morning Call." by George Hernandez and
M S3 Mamie Harringrton. Dancing: will
follow the programme. -
Schuyler Osterhout,. who was robbed by
a burglar Saturday night of his
and revolver, has < kept * a i sharp ; lookout
for the thief but has seen no one resemb
ling him. The burglary occurred' at 315
Ellis street and not 126, as first reported.
Osterhout "Watching for, Burglar.
The family of the late L. E. Thrasher
desire to express their gratitude to the
employes of the United States Internal
Revenue Office and other friends for many
floral offerings and the many 'other klnd
nnsses extended during their late bereave
ment. Mrs. L. Thrasher and daughter. *
Card of Thanks.
Th« family, of tho late L. , E. Thrasher
desire to thank the members of California
I,odge No. 1, F. and A. M., for the kind
ness extended them in their bereavement
In the loss of their beloved son and
brother. Mr. and Mrs.' L. Thrasher nnd
daughter.. • . •
Card of Thanks.
Robertson has won considerable . fame
In the lltprary field and only quite re
cently some of his most popular poems
were pu*..shed in book form.
Robertson was stricken with locomotor
ataxia about three years 'ago and since
that time he has been Jn Ill-health. He
is at present suffering from* blood poison-
Ing In his right foot, brought on, it 1s
thought, from his other affliction. He will
be removed to-day to the Waldeck, at
his physicians consider an operation nec
essary.
Louis A> Robertson, the poet, is danger
ously ill at his apartments, 505 Ellis street.
Operated on for Blood
Poisoning.
.Will -Be Taken to the Walieck and
LOTJTS A. KOBERTSO1T
IS DAH-QEBOTJSLY ILL
On Sunday evening, September l,,at the
residence of the bride's parents, Miss
Anne Morris of this ;city was'vunited in
marriage to : Maurice ¦¦' Gerber ' of Seattle.
Jrhe Rev. Dr. Levy; officiated. ' After the
The brido-to-be is the daughter of. 8. C.
Simpson and sister of Ernest Simpson,
city editor of the Chronicle. Clarence C,
Wilson, the happy man, is connected with
the Union Iron Works In the capacity of
mechanical engineer.' •.,:¦ . .
A progressive heart party was Riven
last' Friday night by; Allen L. Atwell at
his home on. Jones street to a number of
his friends. Miss Anita Goodman of Vic
toria, ¦ B. C., carried off the ladles'' prize
for best playing, while William Hyde won
the gentleman's prize, The-booby prizes
were awarded to David Duncan and Miss
Euphemia Forbes. Among those present
were Mrs. David" -Duncan, Mrs. E. M.
Keyes, Miss Euphemia Forbes, Miss Fan
nie ¦ Keyes, - Miss - Bessie * Blossum, . Miss
Anita Goodman, Miss Florence Messimer
of Minneapolis, Minn.; David Duncan,
William Hyde, Bred . Birlem, i Walter Em
erick and A. L.' Atwell. . . . .
The wedding of Miss Myrtle Simpson
and Clarence C. Wllnon will take place on
the 'evening of the 26th at the First Con
gregational Church. . Miss Dessle Simp
son will be the maid of honor and It, B.
McGlnnis tho best man. The other at
tendants have. not been chosen.
The bride, is a well known society belle
of this city and is an accomplished
musician. She Is a graduate of the Nor
mal School. «; Mr. Bacigalupl is a popular
Native Son, being a past officer of Se
quoia Parlor, and a prominent member of
the Maccabees and the Woodnun of the
World. ' "¦ ' '.. • ¦ < .
Mr. and Mrs. Bacigalupl have Just re
turned from their, honeymoon In the
southern portion of the Stato and will re
side at ltlS Jackson street. " - ,
. Henry I* Baclgalupl of ... the firm of
Bacigalupl, Rossi , &' Co. was ; married to
Miss Florence Melander on Thursday,
August 29, in San Jose. -_' The wedding was
a very quiet one, only the relatives of the
contracting parties being present. '
EVENTS IN SOCIETY
Mrs. Pingltore took the child after -as
suring . the woman that . she would take
good care of it. After waiting for several
hours and as- the woman did, not; return,
Mrs. Pingitore consulted the policeman
on the beat. He advised her to keep the
little girl until he made a thorough search
for the mother. Failing to find any trace
of the woman, the policeman at 10 o'clock
last night advised Mrs. Pingitore to take
the abandoned child to police headquar
ters, which she did. After listening to her
story Lieutenant Martin ordered the tot
turned over to the prison matron.
According to one of Mrs. Pingitore's
neighbors the name of the mother is
Gertie Dussene. She says she recognized
her while she was speaking to Mrs. Pingi
tore. - An Investigation by the police last
night failed to find any trace of Mrs. Dus
sene. - ' ¦ ' »
Unless the mother of the girl calls for
her to-day it is the Intention of the police
to have her sent- to some public institu
tion. The abandoned child is poorly clad
and ' gives evidence of ; having been
neglected. ____'
'•Tll.be back in a' few ¦minutes," she
said. "See that. nothing happens to the
little one until I return." - .
Accompanied by her one-year-old girl,
a well-dressed voting woman yesterday
morning approached Mrs. Antoinette Pin
gitore of 2S # "Vulcan lane and asked her
to. take care' of the child until she paid a
visit to a friend. • • .'
Mother Cruelly Deserts
Her One- Year-Old
Daughter.
GIVES HER BABE
TO A STRANGER
Rt. Rev. C. C. McCabe and Wife Arc
Guests of Honor at an Inter
esting Function.
Bishop and Mrs. C. C. McCabe were
the guests of honor at a reception ten
dered them last night at the Pacific Jap
anese Mission, 1329 Pine street. A special
programme in honor of their distinguished
visitors had been prepared by the attend
ants at the mission. Addresses of wel
come were delivered by the Rev. George
L. Pearson, presiding elder of the district
of Hawaii, and Kyugon Obata, pastor of
the Japanese Methodist Episcopal Church
on behalf of the Pacific Coast district.
The Rev. M. C. Harris, who has charge
of the Japanese mission work on this
coast; the Rev. T. P. Neely of New York,
corresponding secretary of the Sunday
school Union and Tract societies; the Rev.
Mr. Bovard and other prominent work
ers were present and delivered addresses.
Bishop McCabe, who delivered the clos
ing address and gave the benediction,
spoke in glowing terms of the work so far
accomplished and urged its continuance
on more extended lines.
Hymns were sung in Japanese by stu
dents and children, addresses were de
livered both in Japanese and English.
The children's singing took the fancy of
the audience and they were requested to
repeat all their numbers. The Rev. T L.
Pearson expressed a hearty welcome from
the people of Hawaii in their request tor
a visit from their BJshop, which the Rev.
Mr. McCabe promised to pay as soon as
his duties would permit. .-
Druids in Session.
There was a meeting last night of the
general committee of the Ancient Order
of Druids that has under consideration a
proposition to hold a jubilee meeting be
tween the 15th and 30th of November. J
Burnham of Manzanita Grove presided
and after a general discussion a commit
tee of speakers was selected to address
the several groves in relation to the mat
ter. Those who were selected are: Noble
Grand Arch J. S. Godeau, Deputy Grand
Arch C. Guglielmoni. Grand Secretary
John M. Graves, Past Noble Grand Arch
G. H. Bahrs, Grand Trustees A. M. Arm
strong, E. Hernon, S. Glover and Dr. Tor
rello.
Magnolia Lodge.
At a meeting of Magnolia Lodge of the
Ancient Order of United Workmen last
night, after the initiation of four stran
gers into the mysteries of the order
Grand Recorder Spencer delivered an ad
dress on the subject of the celebration of
the thirty-third anniversary of the order
which will be held on the 2Sth of next Oc
tober.
JAPANESE ENTERTAIN
A VISITING BISHOP
Mrs. I. Vishoot committed suicide yes
terday at her home, 6 Collingwood' street,
by asphyxiating herself with illuminating
gas. She had been sick and afflicted with
nervous depression for 'the last two years,
and had made threats that she would do
away with herself.
At 7:05 o'clock yesterday morning her
husband . heard her moving about in the
kitchen.'-- He- hastened in and found her
cleaning some substance out of the sink.
He picked up a few grains of it and found
that it was rough-on-rats, that had been
taken out, of a. bottle on the top shelf of
the cupboard. She denied that she had
had any intention of taking .the poison,
and shertly afterward became cheerful.
Believing that there was no further dan
ger that she would attempt to injure her
self, Mr. Vishoot left the house at, 10:30
for his place' of business, a ladies' tailor
ing store at 1427 Folk street. He returned
at 2:05 o'clock in the afternoon, and found
his wife lying unconscious on the bed,
with one e"nd of a piece of gas tubing in
her mouth and the other end affixed to
the gasburner. ¦ •
Dr. Armistead was summoned from the
Central Emergency Hospital, but the
woman could not be rallied. She was
taken to the hospital in a dying condi
tion and expired a few. minutes after ar
riving there.
Depression for. Two Years
Past.
She Had Been a Victim of Nervous
MBS. VISH0OT KILLS
',-*:- HERSELF WITH GAS
It is not absolutely certain that a Re
publican nomination is equivalent to elec
tion, but \t is quite certain that a Demo
cratic nomination is defeat registered in
advance. The Democratic organization is
blighted with Phelanism and all the
weakness that the name of Phelan Im
plies. No doubt Gavin McNab and Jasper
McDonald may find some venerable and
respected gentleman of the Monticello
Club who will take the nomination for the
pleasure of seeing- his name at the head
of the ticket, but that will be about all.
There is some talk of offering the honor
of Democratic leadership to the home
ward bound soldier. General James
Francis Smith, but statesmen of the party
do not approve of the tender, as they are
holding General Smith in reserve as the
Democratic nominee for Governor next
year. The politicians who talk of nomi
nating him for Mayor are putting up a
scheme to sidetrack him.
When Colonel Kirkpatnck speaks of
the people with whom he has been asso
ciated lor many years he means the
representatives of the Sharon estate.
Should no objection come from that
quarter the coionel would doubtless ac
cept the leadership if the convention
should decide to place him at the head
of the ticket. ir?
The three leading candidates for chair
man of -the Republican. Convention are
T. D. Riordan, Kdmund .Tauszky and
John H. -Hiliman. In regard to the
.Mayoralty mere is homing uennite. Jonn
C. KirkpatncK, Raroor Commissioner and
manager of tne .Paiace Hotel, is regarded
as a candidate who may develop winning
strengm. At this time He cannot say
positively ttiat a nomination would be ac
ceptable. When spoKen to on the sub
ject he remarked: "It is gratirying to be
told that my nomination might tend to
reconcile many of the conflicting interests
ot the party, but as to my entering the
contest notning of a definite character
can be said ai present. 1 must consult
the people with whom I have been con
nected lor the past fifteen years. Their
interests are quite extensive and their
wishes must be nrst considered."
The convention of the Union Labor
party, which organized last week, will
meet again this evening. Next Monday
evening the Republican Municipal Con
vention will meet at B'nal B'rith Hall,
organize and probably adjourn until Mpn
day, September 30. The Democratic Conf
vention will meet Saturday evening, Sep
tember 28, and probably adjourn until
Tuesday, October 1. Registration for the
municipal election will close September
25. Party nominations must be tiled be
tween September 16 and October 5. and
independent, nominations between Sep
tember 16 and October 16. On October 11
the Election Commissioners will appoint
election officers and designate polling
places. The election will take place
.November 5.
"It is to be regretted that the spirit of
harmony, that prevails in other business
communities is lacking in San Francisco.
If the people here would, unite San Fran
cisco could in a very few years be made
one of the greatest "cities In the world.
We have all. the facilities and the'oppor
tunities are 'offered to us and it will be
our own fault if the benefits of these op
portunities go to other coast- cities. - • .
. "I was in New York during the hot- spell
and Ufe was unbearable. ; I am just de
lighted to get back 1 to San Francisco and
breathe our cool ocean breezes. The New
York hotels are filled with people from
our State '¦ and California ¦ actors and
actresses are the popular idols. The con
ditions of trade in all the Eastern cities
I visited was simply astounding and there
is •: every indication of -a continued
growth." - " •
"Henry Goodklnd. one of the bis oil men
of New >York, told me that' he was ready
at any time to buy oil lands at a ! good
tigure.j provided the lands had at least one
well with an output of 200 barrels a
They: will not, however, touch any of the
schemes of oil promoters that are lauded
by so-called 'experts.' .'
"California fruits and wines are all the
rage in the East. Where a few years ago
the leading- restaurants in New York did
not list our wines, now they are on every
wine list and consumed by the New York
ers. The leading fruit stores display
California fruits and advertise them as
such. I was amused when In July I paid
50 cents for four Bartlett pears. The peo
ple in the Bast realize that there is a
great future in store ¦ for California, not
only on account of the trade with our new
possessions in the Orient, but also on ac
count of the discovery of oil here. They
have always hesitated to invest money
here for the reason that we did not have
fuel for -manufacturing purposes. Now
that we have oil - as fuel in abundance
there is. no reason why we should not
manufacture and compete with the East.
"The eyes of the financial centers of the
East are upon California." was the state
ment made yesterday by Julius W. Ra
phael, the well known business man, who
has just returned "home after a * nree
months', business trip to the Atlantic
coast.
;"During my sojourn In the East," ¦ said
Mr. Raphael, "I came in contact with
some of the big financial men. It sur
prised me to find how well they were
posted on the products and resources of
California. Although business is fairly
booming along in the East, capitalists are
eager to invest money in our State. They
are. very much interested in the oil in
dustry and are ready at all times to pur
chase good property. The many wildcat
oil schemes are played out in the East,
though some of the rural population still
take the gilded bait offered by-unscrupu
lous promoters. - . • ••
Overture. Blum's Orchestra; solo, "Dawn"
(Lord H. Somerset), Miss Bertha Wadhams, H.
I. Bennett accompanist; reading, "Race Day
at Monterey" (Atherton), Miss Elizabeth F.
Bartlett; song, "The Danza" (Chadwick), Miss
Anne Louise Daniells, Miss Ella Graves accom
panist; medley, selected, Messrs. Richard Hunt,
George Gunn and Frank Eckenroth Jr.; song,
"O Mlo Fernando," from "La Favorlta" (Don
izetti), Miss Grace de Forest . (Pioneer Daugh
ter). Roscoe Warren Lucy accompanist; song,
(a) "The Palms" (Faure),, (b) "The Four-leaf
Clover" (Brownell), Richard Hunt; song "The
Song That Reached My Heart" (Julian Jordan),
Mrs. Ernest Leigh (Pioneer Daughter), Roscle
Warren Lucy accompanist; banjo solo, "In
termezzo Slnfonico" from "Cavalleria Rusti
cana" (Mascagnl), Miss Marie Lawler; quar
tet, "The Scout" (Campana). California Quar
tet: chorus. "The Days of '49." Daughters of
California Pioneers' Society, Miss Clara Nolan
accompanist; "American Patrol" (Meacham),
Blum's Orchestra.
The younger element of the society was
present in large force in the evening, when
dancing was the principal feature. Many
elegant toilets were worn and lemonade
and claret punch regaled the dancers.- Be
tween the numbers on the dance lists the
following musical and literary, numbers
were rendered: ...
A reception followed the literary exer
cises and light refreshments were served.
Some of the younger members indulged in
the pleasures of the dance. -
Four songs. Opus 56 (McDowell)— (a) "Long
Ago," (b) "The Swan Bent Low to the Lily,"
(c) "A Maid Sings Light," (d) "When the
Gloaming Shadows Creep," Miss Anne Louise
Daniells, Miss Ella Graves accompanist; read
ing-, "Concepcion de Arguello" (Bret Harte),
Miss .Elizabeth F. Bartlett; sonf, "The Friar
on Orders Gray" (Shields). J. C. Hughes;
banjo solo. "Manzanillo" (Robyn). Miss Marie
Lawler; quartet, "Rosebud Fair". (J. C.
Macy). California Quartet: piano solo (Men
delssohn), Miss Florence Burke: song, "Swing
High, Swing Low" (Salmon), Miss Anne
Louise Daniells, Miss Ella Graves accompan
ist; barytone solo, "The, Thought of You"
(Charles Bennee), S. , Homer Henley, Charles
Henley accompanist: /reading, "Mr. Traver's
First Hunt" (Richard Harding Davis), Miss
Elizabeth F. Bartlett: tenor solo, "Rose in
Heaven" (Trotere), Charles L. Goettlng; reci
tation. "The Possum Ridge School," Miss
Louise Cleveland (Pioneer Daughter).
The remainder of the programme was
as follows:
Evening Entertainment.
Throughout the world rang the cry I -
The wise, the strong, the fearless could not
wait;. . '
They came by land, by sea, far and nigh.
From these Pioneers sprang the Golden State.
On they came, firm in brawn and strong in
mind.
Heedful of the fatal errors of the past;
They were the strongest of all'mAuic'icl, i
And built a State that will forever last!
Brother Pioneers, we are particularly blessed
in being spared to see our State grow Into
a ereat and prosperous commonwealth. "When
we came here from Missouri this coast was
a wilderness. Out of that vast territory we
have seen State after State formed and ad
mitted Into the • Union, so that what was once
a howling wilderness Is now occupied by a
prosperous American commonwealth.
It is said that Mr. Seward, while negotiat
ing- the purchase of Alaska, declared that
"The Pacific Ocean would .become the scene
of man's greatest achievements." Fronting on
that great ocean, as this State does, with a
coast line of some SOO miles, with one of the
finest harbors on the face of the Kiobo. and
on a direct line from the principal ports in
the Atlantic to the Orient, surely California
has a brilliant prospect.
. The "Discovery of Gold" was the theme
of Dr. Cleveland's poem which was de
livered with marked elocutionary effect.
The concluding stanzas were as follows:
In a little while the tale was told,
The most royal metal 'twas found to be;
Eureka! Eureka! We've crowned with gold;
Crowned with gold for all eternity.
Scene of Greatest Achievements.
In view of the- disturbed condition of the
country consequent upon the attempt at as
sassination of our. President, it might be
thought that we should postpone or defer al
together this annual celebration. This cannot
be done, for the constitution of our -society
declares that the anniversary of the admission
of our State shall be celebrated on the 9th day
of September. The hopes and prayers of tha
whole nation are that the President may recover
and the latest Intelligence indicates^ that our
prayers will be answered and hopes gratified.
On behalf of the Society of California Pio
neers I bid you a cordial welcome to this
celebration of our fifty-first anniversary of
admission of the State into the Union.
Pioneer Hall was tastefully decorated
for the occasion. Conspicuous over the
entrance to the hall was the bear flag,
flanked by the Stars and Stripes. Stream
ers of red, white and blue, with yellow
drapery intertwined, lent a warmth of
color to the main hall. Seated on the
platform beneath -a great American flag
were the officers of the ¦„ society. Potted
palms added to the color\effect.
A programme of rare 'excellence was
presented. There was but one set ad
dress, that of Justice of the Supreme
Court Walter Van Dyke, president of the
Pioneers. An original poem was read by
Dr. Charles D. Cleveland. President Van
Dyke spoke in part as follows: '
Vigorous, almost as in the days when
they started west, the old-timers entered
into the pleasures of the day and night
with a zest born of a love for the State
they helped to build. Heretofore it has
been the custom of the society to cele
brate the day by an outing, followed by
a banquet. But this plan was changed for
the nonce and the committee of arrange
ments, composed of Aylett R. Cotton, E.
M. Root, R. T. Kruse, S. W. Holladay and
W. B. Farwell, decided upon an indoor
celebration.
Gray-haired argonauts of *49 and silver
tressed matrons who accompanied them
across the plains or on the perilous voy
age around the Horn, together with hun
dreds of the younger generation to 'whom
has been intrusted the duty of keeping
alive the memory of those early days,
gathered at the rooms of the Society of
California Pioneers yesterday and cele
brated the flfty-flrst anniversary, of the
admission of California into the American
Union.
Assemble in Their , Hall and
Spend the Hours Right v,
Merrily.
California Fruits and Wines
Are in ' Big Demand in
8 Gotham. $
Democrats Speak of Asking
General J. F. Smith to
Lead Them*.
Republicans Mention
John C. Kirkpatrick- ; .,
for Mayor.
Eastern -'Financiers Are (
Posted as to Our
iResources.
Celebrate Admission An
niversary With
Exercises.
MEN TO HEAD
PARTY TICKET
PIONEERS MEET
TO OBSERVE DAY
WISH TO INVEST
IN THIS SYATE
THE SAN CALL, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 10, ;19O1.
To-morrow night the social and literary
club of the National Union will give an
entertainment to its friends in Odd Fel
lows' Hall under the direction of W AV
Healey, E A. Kldd, J. N. Bunting and
*. H. Hastings, the committee of ar-
14
FALL STYLES IN MILLINERY
Out millinery opening days are over and
f-^m^^^M^ we are now P re P ar ed for business—
A> mW^^f'^-k\ ate ready to suPP^ .v° u with those tempt-
r B^ inff creations that were so interesting dur-
Q -^HP^Syfen^ ins the when the department was
ft Y^-' <^^^^^^^®^ crowded with those who admire up-to-
date - st y Iis h millinery.
ol(^ Q^^^sBP e opening was a success indeed — we
•^ ,^, C^^B&] received unstinted praise from every vis-
\ —^-«b^^ * ton ur r - Davis and the chief trim-
yrfBglJl F^. nier had lately returned from New York
SdjT^ yS** anc^ were * n touch with the season's la-
• J CSt " The display bore evidence of this
Jfcz^gr, Now for the first value of the season — it
means much to you.
SPECIAL
There will be on special sale, commencing to-day, 200 handsomely
trimmed hats, including the famous Gainsborough style (see picture)
now so popular, as well as other prevailing styles. The price will be only
CHILDRENfS WOOLEN DRESSES
A sample line of children's woolen dresses from a well-known maker
will be placed on sale to-day for half their value. They are all stylish, well
trimmed and good for fall wear.
Ages from 3 to 6 years.... 92.O.">
Ages from 6 to 12 years J? 1..1O
Remember, they are worth double.
M <D. fiavis & Co.
Corner Seary Si root and Srant jftronue.
DR. G. E. SUSSDORFF,
Late Superintendent Physician City
and County Hospital.
' MENTAL AKD NERVOUS DISEASES.
SPECIFIC TREATMENT
i For LIQUOR and MORPHINE HABITS.
, Twenty Tears" Experience.
Patients may be treated at borne or prl-
i rate sanitarium. Office Glasgow Building.
105 EUU st.. near PowelL Hours, 10 to 12
1 a. ml. 2 to 4 p. m.
k 1
V^ 330 MARKET bT. 5J>§k^T
DR. HALL'S REIN' VIGOR AT0RW5SW
Five hundred reward for any MrT™«M
rase we cannot cure. This secret j£9u Bba
remedy stops losses In 24 hours, H Q
cures Emldslons, Impotency. Vart- ST3J3 ml
cocel<-. Strictures. Oiect, Drains. Rri Srffl
Lost Manhood and all other wast- 1> Jjl tt'jj
Ing effects of self-abuse or excess- 5 r-*-^
tt>. Sent eealed. }2 bottle; 3 bottles. S2iEV» l *Sa«
J5: guaranteed to cur* any cas«. Addresa
HALL'S MEDICAL INSTITUTE. 853 Broad-
war. Oakland. Cal. Also for sale at 1073%
Market st., S. F. All private diseases quickly
cured. Send for free book.
io
BIG SPECIALS
Another List of Bargains Prepara-
tory, to Our Tall Opening.,
- CHILDREN^" JACKETS.
<r» 1 - rr et • For fine MELTON CLOTH
QlitU JACKETS, newest styles, all
sizes; worth $3 00.
CHILDREN'STONG COATS.
CQ For fine I CLOTH COATS,
tj>^«'*t> large double sailor collar,
elaborately trimmed with fancy braid,
lined throughout; never sold ! for. less than
J4 00.
WOMEN'S WOOL WAISTS.
Cl 1PZ. For ' thos « pretty WOOL
(DltlU .WAISTS, front and back
trimmed in' newest designs, with Hercules'
braid; fine quality for $1 60.
WOMEN'S "WHITE LAWN
WAISTS.
Ptf\r» For your choice of any 91.50
WVt WHITE LAWN WAIST in our
etore; embroidery or lace Inserted, tucked
or plain; in sizes 28 to 44. ¦ • ,. .-,
flanneTTgowns.
7R/, For WOMEN'S FLANNEL
COW GOWNS, made with sailor collar
' snd tastefully trimmed with beading and
braid; regular value 11. ';,•"•
WRA~PPERS.
OQi-> For bpat quality PERCALE
wOW WRAPPERS, in bright, pretty
colors or dark shades; extra full Spanish
flounce; a good II CO garment, lined
throughout. :
WO MENUS' VESTS.
IT ' n F° r a good .• 25c knit UNDEIl-
IIW VEST, - long sleeves.
SILKl/VAISTS. "''•:;::
«Jtq f\f\ Again to-day for your pick
t4JO«vFvr of about two - dozen of
.those *B TAFFETA SILK WAISTS, left
over from our Saturday sale. .
BOYS' IlOUSES.
1 Cfcr» tor ' BOYS' . SAILOR -" COLLAR
1 <7W> BLOUSES or plain waists; , regu-
lar price 35c. .; >
, WOMEN^SKIRTS. .
<CO-OCC 'For fine SERGE DRESS
O^C«C/lJ, SKIRTS; -a sample , line;
about 3 ' dozen in all; perfect • flttlnjr, best
lining, -newest styles; worth $3. , ¦
1212-1214~llARKET ST.
v -.:'i- -Bet. Taylor and Jones, v.
WE CLOSE AT 6 O'CLOCK. :
Reopening of Night School.
Mayor Phelan has consented to address
the students of the Young Men's Chris-
tian Association educational department
at their opening this evening. His topic
•will be the importance of a practical and
Industrial education for young- men. and
a crowded house is expected. ¦ There will
be an exhibition of work done by the stu-
dents last year and a recognition of those
•who successfully passed the international
examinations.
Hale's.
Hale's.
Hale's.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Q ill MARKET ST.. NEAR SIXTH. [\ "^T^nnVlil'il 1 11 MARKET ST., NEAR StXTfL~J&fc
J$$£ ¦' ~ '". , THE "SEASON'S ..FIRST \£pi
H/ Bii Surprise in Laces, m
$!lli/s-XVint1rk\xfQ*Wai1(*G£ • Jt surprises us as much as it does you. We didn't / *%
Id 1 - sS2?^?22SS-:-ill'£:' eNPP* ",r d thtaB "° earlr to tte " ea ?°°- W
fMJZ+— ion*, mounted on 15-16 patent rollers, com- For there's nothing so many women. are so anxious \?
C momiS^each^'^ 8 ' etC '^ On 8^ thls • f or as laces. M Ul men are already doubting whether /Y
¦¦'• Two other offerings in the drapery store:. they can keep up with the demand. In the face of '•*$h\
A"v'. •' ¦'• - . - Art Denims- I2Sc. .-'¦ ¦' ' - ty,*,*** fnrt-q ' come thesn >^-,//>
".¦¦•¦•*.¦«* Figured. They are all splendid new patterns, tnese IRCtS, , come tnese
V "Mi mutable for. lounge covers, drapes for window • \C\'€\C\CS V»*»Hc ATI ITn/^?»r»ni<-*#»rI / /'/
>(^ Beats, cozy corners-36 inches wide. - IU,UUU YflPaS — AH UnaerpriCeU. '/,%
¦ ¦+ - Lace Curtains $1.75 Pair. . ; Never mind if they are the cheaper kinds. They are / \J
r**<i Some 200/pairs, in ecruand -white. %V* yards ¦.¦<_ _„_«. ,-,-.„, A-, ,-,.,iir nc.d r\f oil • T<Jr>xT*r mJ-j ;f _ _ \ 3
a- long-, eo to 60 inches wide, embracing some ten the most . commonly used . ot all. .Never mind it we \ -'
f i f . very choice patterns. , it's a .very tempting haven't more than a bolt or two of a pattern — the vari- \A
curtain offer-n.75: . tty losing all the more interesting. \I
42;flf*£»4-c J5.5£f» *»»f*tl Cents yd. O Cents yd. JiA
¦ P" C • « %1 * Big collection of white English Normandy. Valenciennes and fft\
f Plain Sheetinft Costs More Than That. V alenc!enn*s up to 2 inches wide. £° ? £ 5"?," *&,*» % ! nc U e3 - Tj'M
They are 81 Inches, wide/ 90 inches long, , n ,, rt i a n that matches 1% Inches ol * de . Venl v s . e 2 # to > 3 inches. i . J/
finished with a two-inch hem. They're just as insertion that matches, 1,4 inches ecru • and -white. Also white «>V
gocd in every way as we can get to sell for wide. and ecru Valencienne 3 insertion. A
EOc. In fact, you couldn't expect more for half - - , ' straight and waved, up to 2
a dollar than we give you to-day for 43c. 5 ' Cents yd. inches. >•
• tm; They were underbought-not undermade. English Torchon laces up to 3 IO Cents yd. >-"v^>»
r .:*' Fancy Ticking 12 c. . inches and insertion up to 2. Oriental. 2 to 5 Inches, ecru -.i
\ "i -•¦ 32 inches wide; the same quality and weight Normandy. Valenciennes and and white. Cream and* white
f\ \ as you have been -used to seeing at 15c. We Point de Paris. 1% to 2*4 Point de Venise. 4 to W, Inches. JTi */
Ji \ ¦ came across - ten pieces we can .turn over to Inches. Also "White Venise in- Cream and white Venise bands iUilS
t*n / you at n Kc sertion. • 1% to 2% Inches. y/vf
'£MuJ rine Big Towels at 8 l Ac. . . —^ : s.^'V
v^',^*,. 17 Inches wide, 31 Inches long, hemmed. j, c1*Jm+ U/nSofo T^-k Pin-.* *^C'm,
:'' . jy\ woven in that good huckaback style. - The next 5>llII*L W QlStS I O"U3\» "*£/'
•' A I slze 18x33, marked now at 12%c each." It's a nr > e nr e__ «» mx j «• -r— if
J\ m • splendid towel opportunity for needy house- Hfifi r? r 7 i «r j * : Hfifi sift 3 ! w ?1 d 5 '" 7 ° >\
",<*Vi J keepers. wuu Percale Wnista. vwu Shirt Waists. <r«
<t <S( . /I ' " , — : . Fancy figures and stripes, laun- Madras and linen, striped and J*
j* . f \ ¦ dered collars, soft" cuffs, pink plain, soft collars and cuffs /*
(AuMlU * Vn yi a* - eLnA blue and hello; 32 to 33. some have French backs, others J^ "J */
r^ H> ' IBj ' pleated; every -*Ize 32 to 44. /
T f\F^ "I? RRO * or 9UOO Qt OC for SK65 and $2.25 *'**'{
7 IK NPSV/^oTir Dull Shirt Walrtd. Ql i LV Shirt Waists. vfrtfis v "
/T irX \ W _ /// s%Ss^^===£**€gr Ful1 ran S e of light and dark Four styles, plain and striped !*££*%
X* $ ' \\\ \ VVtV 1 h'-'iUjfrP , ., '-^1/ colorings, mostly stripes, with Madras, mercerized Madras- £
'*^*i,1ll Vl\ \ \«^^S i'***'-' '/lit vf. -"v/v/V 7|4 bishop cuffs, white pique collars, lawn and openwork effects— Si
; miW*«* \\V \ \ ~~^ir 'S»'''."vHw| v III II II II I I ll : tucked fronts and backs; every all soft collars and cuffa. popular /'
' 'JSJJt^ \v \ \ fl|*F ffir^.J III' II III* si^e. 32 to 38. pinks, blues, helios and greena. J%.
ffijSjy 6M] &b^j^=^ A Clock Offering $&
-4M2J-- , . . ¦..--. | OF UNUSUAL flGNlFICANCb. Y&&
J '- Very Important Offers In The clocks are Just as good and right and worth as much to r^ {
' sri* Saucers, Glasses and White Ware. you. as if you paid their full values. Some of them we "bought \ I
A * w ' The crockery store is energetic. It's not sat- cheap, others we have taken from regular stock in order to make s\ £
/« r/ lsfted with doing well. It has so much that the inducements as valuable as we can to as many people as we ?@\ (t
i,;> flHml everybody wants, and asks so much less than can - • -* 7* \ /
***^-"S; ' common for It. that many more women would ' ¦ S3.89 Nov* — Were S8.30. > * ' \fi\
-'A advln^ires C ° me here o ey f**™ ° £ the5e Mantel clock9 that TOn eI * nt dav »- Dresden china, with half K
A rambling i?st. \ hour hour .. ltr L kei j, French dl *' beauUfully trimmed. V
A V It's illustrative of what we can-do. " . . $3.83 Now— Were $4.89. .'
' t I** 35c and 5Oc '.hambersifSc. ' A 'mantel clock to run eight days, of imitation Iron frame- %&i,-**i
**J Covered or uncovered, the best, white ware, Arabic or. Roman dial; half hour and hour cathedral Jrone- strlkaT "'J^V. 1
v,*V Just as good as we can get to sell in the reg- ' ' • ei mt.. /» j »i -• • aYv/jA
i^*j}s "lar way at 35c and 50c. but we want you to I 5I ' 50 for Good Alarm Clocks. -. WQffl
¦ym get more acquainted with our crockery store, so ,. They *" the kind you can depend on. nickel plated, small. JaW
:¦¦'¦ y S we make these chambers 25c. • handy size for travelers, fully guaranteed: our price, $150. wrJ
S^~% White Plates 6cl — ™J
/ < 4 at They are porcelain, dinner and breakfast \f\c Wr»f*c:cs d«?«&l>ff« RTr* t
mL J$- Blzes - and. they are the best American make '• »"v U*I WOO OllIClQo DC* X
<$W< & h \iSta%^« ta w2rs£-«J2d < Ki P ri^ Inette - oa 8ale tbls mornlns for the nnt ttae at **• hr,
m$ fast d . oz 6 e c n \ Our prl^u^ and whlle they %s-2s,t 8 sBssra 2s^ -* wm ¦ -* )'A
C ** V ~~. ,„ XY Mtc Bowls 4c. catch, so you see they can't tear r^ii— tr- _ in' I *%Z
/**'/ They hold 1% pints. 6 Inches in diameter, the stockings or come loose, n.™ "'"f V orm f IOc< A V
t %< I . neatly embossed; 6# inch ones hold VA Pints 5c. . Colors pink. blue, cardinal, yel- ..."I ;,,," teel 8Drln *- 80 y°« L * J
(«h^L Chin ¦» Saucers 7c. . low and black. Two grosa for p ' n » *I| necess «y: *«« fyf
t **-*¦ For fruit or berries. They are thin and pret- selling after this morning. 10c. SchSa l2 w?dti« tO^i 4 3?
S£j£j tlly decorated, gold traced. They are as good Safety Pins 3c Card. moiSnir Me? wldths - ™> jjT
-,,,,-! and pretty as we've ever seen sold in the reg- Heavy nickel-plated ones, in iuu "" u s. iuc
/ ular way at $1.20 a dozen. three different sizes, small, me- Garter Elastic 5c %T v^
jfi rm. Rebecca Tea Pots 23c. dluin and large. It's fancy, a good 10c quality. \vTK
yi** f The genuine thing, so useful In every home. Horn Dress Bon-« 4c. 1% Inches wide. In various col- V" A
¦ >«' fev always staple, several sizes from 2 pints up to 8 - 9 > 10 Inches long-; nicely fin- ors. Just the thlngr for children's v***j
fjjjv' 6V4 pints, choice; every size now at 23c. ished, good pliable bone. 75 gross wear. This morning, 5c \F\
&M?' m y t, atsp T ««nblers 60c a Dozen. - -f'q
M^VTa Thin blpwn and engraved in several styles. nr f tffZ'l
YJ They are, high styles. They are high grade Men S §k*J
y^%> glasses, cheap even at the regular price. 90c. »-.« . _.. - _.- . *i'fr^
A?/ we sen them at esc _ ~ Flannelette Night Shirts^
}\'/ Best quality. crPsta^glais halfSln^slzes LONGER THAN USUAL-BETTER THAN USUAL- 3g|&
?iLL_ M» 80n ' s Q uart F ruit Jars 78c a Dozen. SI OO R«ch
(«fSr^r . That's the lowest price we know of these <P1-VU OSCn.
?4$S«* * Jars. Kven- Jobbers ask more for them than They're five feet by tho Tape Measure. j/Z
t *^W** Ou a r'advanTa e B e is^yours^Tgc^a 1 d^n ht n^ Ie^ ty - Ordinary ones run 52 and 64 Inches, but these come 5 feet lon« *
0 SKaSrr^.^s^m^se^ttLss:^
Just as pictured above. That
pretty blue Cloth Sailor, set-in
collars of red, baby blue or
plain; all sizes; worth $4- To-
day
$1.98
Knee Trousers
A grea* specia 1 - in Boys' Eng-
lish Corduroy Knee Trousers;
a§es 4- to 15 years: worth §1 a
pair; qwantitiss limited; spe-
cial,
39c
$5.00 Values $2.88
Handsomely &$&
Tailored Blue \ \
Cheviot Suits xJi/
rrnde of double
and twist yarn; /^Vv\'|r^l\
full winter I j \\ |M\
weight; for IX
boys, ages 8 to W 3 ?! * jMlffi: r*^
15 years;worth \ 1/S3 ipl I
$5. A barg ain $Mp * * / *\
feast, _jl%W-L <y
§2.88 \\ jlj \ \
Boys' I
Windsors 1 R
A great spec-
ial in Boys' Windsor Tits, in
fine Foulards, Persians; end-
less variety; regular 50c values.
Special, any,
25c
¦ • .._ . .
M hi a Jniig that must go" with every pair of shoes, if those g|
H shoes are to be satisfactory. We employ men who arc I ||
15 specially trained in suiting shcJes to the foot; and, in I
|| ¦ order that they may do so properly, we keep, in bur i g
U , $3.50 DEPARTMENT, all the extreme sizes and widths 9
II ' in. all ;the new shapes and new materials. Thus, we can M
H give you absolute shoe comfort in whatever" style of Eg
fX^^^ N0MO FT e|
I "VAN VROOM" 1
¦ . PAINLESS DENTAL PARLORS, 4
¦ •[001 MARKET, Cor. 6th. |