Some or them roused faintly, ¦ dully, at
¦the commotion outside. . . ¦ ... -•.* .
• "I call p'llceman," they, heard. -.-: ¦ '.'
The man at the door, was having trou
ble. A; drunken soldier in khaki, was
: tumbling against the door. ,>The soldier,
was : : persistent,, troublesome* . and', heavy. -
The Chinaman started for help, r, ¦;
' .But it was the soiaxer who gave the sig
nal for officers, and at the sound of It up
sprang;* the squad.
guarded and they broke in. The raid was
.. a. beautiful one. ¦>;-.'.O v ';-v" *" .--.v. 'A •,-.;.¦•• •
I The squad has comedo f think that raids
are even : easy, : so long as • they concern
fantan, - opium or ' lotteries. > . But ; py 'sow
is still a problem -to * them. . Kindling the
py. gow card on the table. Is not • sufficient
¦ for conviction; -they. must catch tho money
there,', too, ¦' tolsatlsfy the "law; : " and the
money I elides *by - magic - into vanishing
(Pockets:
/.But it may. come to pass that at some
! chow ¦"• chow - time. ¦ . when the watches
efh&nge. even a py gow game , may b«
duped by one of the masqueraders of the
Fat Devil's squad. And It will be good
work when it ig done, for the heathen
Chinee Is a wily fox, and. as Sergeant
Conboy says, "he has made It a quarter
century's study how to beat the wfclir.
man."
ness. They were prepared to charge ur
their $10 fine to profit and loss.
These seven were taken when Big Jach
played the drunken soldier. I was going
up "Dupont street .when 1 saw him rolling
down Jackson. He was brown with what
looked like Manila brown and was in real
ity the color that comes Jn boxes. He wore
a broad hat and a swashing blue overcoat
and he had to all appearances a beautiful,
happy jag. He followed the capricious
path that led him to a door a few feet
below Fish alley and there he stopped and
tumbled half way into the entrance.
It was the door of a lottery house. The
lookout was off his guard at the common
place sight of a drunken soldier. " ... ¦.
Bi?j Jack says it -was a shame- to take
the prisoners, it was so easy. He had the
lookout silenced by a blow from a sober
fist and the rest was a.<» smooth as butter.
Quick en his heels followed the serrgeant. ; .
From across the street appeared Tyrrell
and Richter. Barry, who has a genius for'
appearing where he is needed, sprang up
out of the ground. ; ¦ i •¦'¦.: ;-:• '
They had come quietly from different •
points so as not to attract attention. If
was on the dot of 3 that they all reached
the door of the den. ¦ ¦. '•¦¦¦•¦ .
The loitering Chinese :stopped. More
gathered. • . '
"What's the matter?" asked the fruit
seller indifferently. • .
"It's a raid!" squealed the old man wBtt»
sells brass thimbles and cotton ! handker- .
chiefs and two-oit spectacles. "It's a raid
on a lottery!" And heran as fast as his
creaking legs would take him, and .1
could have walked off with all the thim
bles and handkerchiefs and spectacles. '
"It's a laid. 1 " shouted everybody who
shouted in English, and the Chinese chat
tered excited monosyllables, that meant
the same thing. . -.'.¦•
A few seconds later the squad emerged
with* seven captives. Every one of the
se\eh helo. a lottery ticket. Those tickets
were the evidence.. . : . ¦ ¦¦• «
The sergeant carried a sledge-hammer.
It was the onlv weapon he had left, for
he had broken his stick on somebody. The
whole five of them were mopping their
foreheads, and looked as I imagine prize
fighters do after several rounds. ¦ -.. ...•„:
"We got 'em," they said. . They were
satisfied. 'r . ' .
Judge Conlan, who has seen "Big Jack"
In court every day this so long, met him
in the hall.
"How are you?" he said, shaking hands.
(Aside— "Who on earth is he? I know the
face all right, but who is he?") And
aloud, "Well, how did you leave Manila?"
He was still groping. • . • ,
- It was not until next day that he. placed
him. "The drinks are on me," he said.
Barry's favorite role is that of a tramp.
Rlchter, too, has made his fame In that
line. They gained entrance to a gambling
den in that guise. Then, taking advantage
of a commotion made for the purpose,
Barry slipped " vnder the bed, and when
the game was again in full swing pounced
upon the Chinese.
"This subterfuge must never again suc
ceed," they . warned each other solemnly,
and now the first step in a game is to look
under the bed. ' . • ¦ . <
Once they found big Barry there. ., He
lay as tightly J squeezed as Barry ever
was, wondering what moment^was to be
the last of his suffocation, when a yellow
face peeped through the slit of light
against the floor. ; -, ¦••*¦,
"Wha f oh?" came In excited tones.
-"Wha foh? Wha *foh?" and the bed
was surrounded by a'curlous and excited
band, who dared not drag out and bat
ter the intruder. . . ' -
The members of the squad have all suc
ceeded in -the role of soldier. -One of them
caught a bunch of smokers all. by means
of his khaki uniform. >. ,'.-¦. .
The lot of them Vere curled up in their
bunks, and they w| re anywhere from the
fifth to the .twentieth pipe: There were
S resent some of the : most precious -pipe
owls of all Chinatown — bowls '.that had
risen in value from the two-bits of new
ness up to $30 of years' old staining, and
had gone even beyond .< this', to priceless
ness. The crowd was a prosperous and a
happy one. ~ .. :
•"" \ tTNl Here come the Fat* Devil's
Y ) xneo!"
1-^ "Run faster! Hide the beans of
X, \ the fantan! The men of the Fat
X Devil are in pursuit!"
There is a squealing, a screeching- like
the noise of pigs; a chattering like the
noise of monkeys; a scurry of soft white
soles; a rushing of blouse-clad figures
down smelly passages and a huddling of
the luckiest of them In some black hole
whither' the Devil and the Devil's men
never penetrate. But these are few and
even they search each other's eyes anx
iously.
"Will the Fat Devil's men Jearn the way
e-ven to this retreat before long?" they
ask one another.
And, "In that they have gone so far al
ready, why not farther?" they reply. ..-
For the Fee Guee of Chinatown, the fa
mous Sergeant Conboy, whom, the Chinese
have named the Fat Devil, has a quartet
of officers 1ft his squad that, are playing
euch havoe with the well regulated law
breaking Chinatown that the drowsy op
ium smokers are awake at last with con-
Etemation and the lookouts in the gam
bling' dens shudder at the warnings of
their anxious masters.
"Peace can no longer be found In the
enjoyme&t of ft soothing pipe," sighs the
cmoker. "
"Th* charts* of the gams are marred,"
groans the gambler.
"The time to fraught with danger," com
plains all Chinatown.
And all because this Quartet of Ser
geant Conboy." a Is as perfect a group of
actors as ever played In private off the
stage.
Since the latter part of June, when they
¦were put on duty in the Chinese quarter,
they have been offering a continuous per
formance In which they appeared as light
ning change artist*. Officer John Tillman
—Big 1 Jack, you know— has presto changed
from a reeling drunk soldier into a door
emashlngr policeman. Jerome Tyrrell— he's
Jerry — has appeared as the calmest of Ce
lestials one minute and th« fiercest of
law enforcers the next. They have played
the parts of soldiers, of Chinamen, of
tramps, and they say that their roles are
not nearly exhausted— In fact, only begun
— and that like other actors they have
many changes of bill In etore. Their cos
tume room proves it.
The continuous performance commenced
•when Sergeant Conboy took them, uj>
there a few week* ago. He had Ideas of
his own asvto how this Chinatown busi
ness should be conducted.
"Tou've pot to. flght men with their own
weapons, meet them on their own
ground," he argued.
What is always tho Chinaman's weap
on? ' •
lJ Strategy.
Every tlnwu He never resorts to storm.
Arid neither does Sergeant Conboy.
"As long a* these people resort to cun
ning to gain their ends, we have got to
resort to cunning to overcome them," he
argued, and he started his men upon their
campaign of ruse, of play-acting. At the,
end of three weeks they had made half a*
dozen raids upon opium dens, as many
upon fantan games and still as many
upon lottery houses. They had arrested
and caused to be fined 113 Chinese; no one
of them got off for less than $10. The
equad was hated and dreaded and pointed
out in warning from Broadway to Cali
fornia street and from Kearny to Stock
ton streets. !
"Come end see the new devils that you
may know them," said these people when
the squad arrived.
So it came about that all Chinatown,
except the 12.000 who are summering out
of town, M-as on the corner of Washington
and Dupont streets on the day when the
five took up their headquarters there,- and
all Chinatown returned" home with the
features of thos»e five Indelibly Impressed
upon their minds for reference In emer
gency cases.
"The one Is large, like a great moun
tain," they said.
He Is "Big Jack," who made his first
fame as special policeman at the Or
pheum. and Is a combination of serene
pood temper and iron muscle, which Is a
roost excellent combination, especially In
his business.
"Two of them are tall and without flesh,
but strongly knit," they said. "The one
has a powerful arm and the other has a
firm mouth."
"The fourth is little higher than one of
these cut in half, but as broad as the two
halves put together."
They are Tyrrell and Rlchter.
Tnat one Ts.R. M. Barryr
"The master of the four Is a man with
a pleasant smile," but an eye : that be
tokens danger for us. He Is the Fat
Devil." ... • >;.,V . -_-;'¦ ;
That's the sergeant.'' -._ ' "•¦ ''?•-¦?¦¦ Z -._ T v .,
And In spite of the fact that every man,
woman and -Child .within those dozen
blocks took note's on a the personnel of the
squad on the day of their arrival, never
theless they have succeeded in disguising >
themselves • bo cleverly time and . time
again that they have created a panic by
their series of raids. " .
Jerry Tyrrell made himself famous in
the raid at S13^ Washington street. He
was disguised as a Chinaman, and the re
sult was eighteen prisoners marched off
to the Hall of Justice. " V ' ' " i
"You're too tall fqr a Chinaman; you're
too tall by far. Jerry." said Barry.
"And haven't you ever seen a tall Chi
naman?" put in the sergeant, who would
listen to no croaking.. • . - * - '.;; -.."
"Your nose is too big." objected Till
man, who perhaps envies Tyrrell's Roman
profile.
"And what's the Reason that noses can't
grow big in the -climate of China?"-cried
the sergeant! '
Tyrrell's nose, however, was a draw
back. Ccnboy afterward told some one
of the make-up in this wise:
"We greased him and we painted him
end we tailed him; we put him into a
smock and a" skull cap and cork-soled
shoes; and if it hadn't been for the nose
of him he'd have got past the second door
without a murmur.
"But his nose is too big. If he'd had one
of those hlt-in noses like a Chinaman,
he'd have been all right. I asked one of
the prisoners afterward how • they knew
him, and he says to me. 'Nosey too big,'
says he, and he hooked his fingers like
that to show me."
Even so, Tyrrell did Immensely clever
Work. His makeup was as perfect as it
could be; his lace was carefully painted
*to the right color, his .eyes were nar
rowed, his costume was correct.
He sauntered down Washington street
with his shoulders high, his feet shuf
fling. At S19V£ he turned In casually. It
was S:30 o'clock. . Lights- and shadows
were baffling. Nobody noticed him.
The lookout had no suspicions. He sj^f
a big Chinaman coming to the game, tnat
was all. The big Chinaman dropped In.
The lookout had merely given a glance
through the wicket This was evidently a
friend. All was well.
So ,past the first door.
Up the dark passage Tyrrell shuffled,
and no alarm was given.
At the second door he" already felt him
self successful. As he reached it, though,
a strong light struck his face.
The guard gave him a sharp glance and
halted in the act of letting him in. The
face looks strange, was his quick thought.
Without comprehending the '¦ ruse he
sniffed trouble In the air.
On the instant he gave his warning.
There was a sound of confusion Inside.
Tyrrell took In the | situation/ He threw
the guard aside and wrenched bis way In.
There were the Chinamen. There, on
the table, lay the evidence. It was beans,
but it was evidence.
The big man let his cap fall, he cast off
his role. "With a sweep of his arm he
had the cowering, whimpering, chattering
law-breakers covered with his revolver.
One of them made an attempt to throw
the evidence away, but Tyrrell warded
off the attempt. ¦ •
He had already given his signal. The
rest of the squad broke in.' : ..
On the way to the prison with the eight
een men arrested, even the sergeant grot
mixed up. now and then. "Stand back,
there!" he shouted to his own officer. •'.
And the elevator man who takes Tyrrell
up and down, to and from the prison ev
ery day, also cried: "Stand back, there!"
when he moved away from the prisoners.
When I asked him. if he didn't 'risk his
life In the act of breaking in he disclaimed
any. bravery. They all. do that. I don't
know whether, there Is risk or. not. "* They
claim that the Chinese never draw a
weapon on an officer. .. -•¦....
* "They . are half asleep all .the time,"
TlUman said. "They don't know whether
they're dreaming- or. not when they're ar
rested. They're bo full, of their opium
that they don't pay much attention to
anything." - . -¦ .'
. In the prison they upheld his words. I
went over there to see them after. he made
his great raid on the Jackson street lot
tery and they were sitting in a drowsy
row on the .bench, the seven* of them,
calmly, stoically submitting to the situa
tion as they might to a dull day In. busi-
SUNDAY CALL
MAGAZINE SECTION
THE
ACTORS
OF THE
FAT
DEVILTHE Steel-Erigraving Lady sat by. the
open casement, upon which rested,
one '' slender ¦'-. arm. Her drapery
sleeve fell bade, revealing .the ala
baster whiteness Qf .her hand and wrist.;
Her glossy, abundant' hair,- was smoothlv.i
drawn over her ears, and one rose nestled
in the coil of her dark locks.-" " */
Suddenly a heavy step was heard upon •
the stair. A slight . blush mantled the
Steel-Engraving Lady's cheek.
! "Camthat be Reginald?!' she. said.
The door flew .open and on the threshold
' Etood the Gibson Girl. '¦/"¦.
"JSxcuse me for. dropping in upon you,"
she. said, with a 1 slight nod,. tossing a golf
club down upon .the sofa near by. /"You •
. see, I ! ve been appointed to -write a paper
on Extinct Types, and I am anxious to
scrape acquaintance with you." . \
i The Steel-Engraving Lady bowed a trifle,
stiffly. "Won't you be seated?" she said,
with dignity. 1- :.
The Gibson Girl propped into a low
.chair and crossed pne knee over the oth-^
er;. then s.he proceeded ; to inspect • the ¦
room, whistling meanwhile a snatch from
the last comic opera. She wore a short :
sk^rt and heavy square-toed shoes, a man
nish collar, cravat and vest, and a' broad
brimmed felt hat, tipped jauntily upon one
side. / ' • ., ¦ _ -, ; !i ;. .: i
She stared quite fixedly at the fair occu
pant of the apartment, who could with
difiiculty conceal her evident annoyance'.
"Pejir me! You're just as slender and
ethereal as any af your pictures," she re
marked * "Y_°u need fresh
air and exercise; andisee .the color of my
hands and -face heside your own." .
The $teel-;Snsraving Lady glanced at;
¦ her vis-a-vis and shrugged her shoulders.
'_-; *-• • : ¦ '* ;..'»¦ >. / ? ¦*¦«';:* •
'When, the sun set the Steel-Engraving
Lady might have been seen again seated
beside; th,e open casement. Her taper fin
gers lightly touched the strings of her gui
tar as she hummed a lpw lullaby. Once
I more s^ie heard a step uppn the stair, and
. p.nce again the color mantled her damask
cheek, and she murmured "Reginald." A;
tail and ardent figure came swiftly toward i
hex. lie dropped upon one j knee, as if to
pay due homage to his fair one, and, rais-: '
tae her white hand to b;s 14ps, whispered: •-;
"My queeq,- my lady
And at this moment the Gibson Girl was ¦
seated upon a fence,- swinging her heavy'
boots, while an athletic youth beside her
.busied Itfmself with filling a corn-cob pipe^ j
"I say, Joe," she said, • with friendly .
accent, "just you.-h.Qp down and stand. in
front of me to keep the wind off, while
I light this pipe." *
And the night breeze sprang up and
murmured : "Hail" the new woman ! - Be
hold! she comes apace! / Woman, \ once
man's superior, now, his equal."— Caroline 1 '
Ticknor in the July "Atlantic.
YES! SAYS
kindly Intentions were construed as g/ de
sire to profit by any investment that the
club niight make. Mrs. i Bjn|rham imme
diately declined the nomination for the
presidency, and promptly resigned from
the membership of ¦ the club, As she is
well, beloved by the profession, her resig
nation was deeply, regretted by the ma
jority" '
The political ( clubs whose records- are
- ¦ -. ¦ '\ ' '.< "V /• '" '.:¦'¦<
IvS.cl'ub life for women inimical ./tO'the
home Ji.fe? Poes club.' Jife unfit -a
..wojrmn for home Hf e ? >• married
.woman-be an .entfcusjas jtJJ2.club>woman
. ,;and ; at ;the jsamef time; a ' really home
-¦ loving woman? If does n«tj seem possible
to harmonize tiiese~«pPQsSns elements.
For \ the ..bachelor ! girl cluj » life may be
,-.z. -rejief if rom ennui,' an esdape valve for
.surplus .energy and ..a^ stiw^lus vwar.ding
off. / an;engrossrneot,oi" self, ri^at.to.the^mar
¦riediwoijtian, .with the/carej ;.Qf ,home and
<family^-the- exactions of d. ubs make too
• serio-us . an inroad uvop her tjme.V .
W-omen of extreme \i-ea}th 'are .too
.bushy occupied by social ci %: res in the.way
pf -entertaining and' beinc entertained -to
, devote time to -such -fiffi? rs, hence it -is
that they devolve on t.hojre-who maybe
termed a second layer of Che social -str.ata,
to fraternize through nl/ganizations for
the promulgation .of vieY-V« -and doctrines.
-Such -women are general ly -possessed of
.good, .comfortable hom^?, but are -not
, blessed >with -the surplvs that jus
stifles -tiue-. indulgence of the luxury pf^a.
.housekeeper, -consea.uentl3:r}aye a multir
-.tu4e 'Of r duties, many of ; which must be
sacrificed when the cliab demands appeal
( to them.
;In a\ home where there are .children, no
matter how , competent' .or devoted the
nurse, or.governess mayj/be; there are odds
..and -ends pt .dytles tlw.t cannot -be .rele
gated to them and are distinctly- the prov
ince <of : the niotber. r •-. ' : -v
/The- meetings of clubs are senerally"'held
in > the. midday hour, jufst at4he>time»when
• the jyjistress of the ¦bouse : .sho-uld be .su
perintending 1 .the hotisehold'-s recjuire
ments. A woman cannot attend to .her
home ;if ; h.er ; rnind ;js <;DgrQssed --by other
affairs. jHer anxiety to] dress and .be jires
,ent,atithe meetinjg- at tihe designated ho.ur
rprecludes all; thought of personal super
..vision an/3 t.he^servants are generally 'told
as.rnadame makes a Jia sty exit, to ; .do tbe
-best -they can, as m:|dame must attend
• an. important club me^tinK. \ '-.-'.
The .Tfjeeting .over t be .supposedly gra
cious .thjng to do is ; to | separate into r j3ajrs
and, quartets and irepaiir -to strnie near-by
cafe jto , discuss over a -luncheon the -varl
ous.prqpQsitions made and moreiegpecjally
to criticize the aims, ambitions, eccen
tricities and personalities of the ".various^
members.
The .return home ; flnds my lady too
fatjguedvto even talk and the .luncheon
.having appe'ased h'er appetite, she -finds
it, a. bore to preside at dinner and to en
•teftain her own home circle.
I <Jo not think a. man ever approves of
a wife belonging to a ehib. He may treat
the fad with pitying indulgence, while
fdeploring .the fact of his wife's enthusi
asm. In fact a married man is generally
aptto make no. secret of his antagonism.
It may be ;here^ advanced that a man en
joys his own x:lubs, -which is vei^y true,
but a man ma^es.his club affiliations sub-
E.e,rvient to his business, and he is never
ruled by its exactions,, as is the case with
a woman. A- cljub is a relaxation for a
man, but to^i-wbrnan it is a most serious,
prqblem. A man's club, too, is often a
refuse from the; depression of a home at
mosphere. '
That club life Is wearing on a woman's
nerves cannot .be refuted. A woman is
too. highly pitched nervously to stand the
strain and excitement. .
Tbje*conyention of .the Daughters of the
American Revolution in Washington
leaves behind them a contingent of ner
vous ; wrecks th^t are the despair of hus
bands and thet gloating delight of the
family physiciaii.
A -few years' ago, .during one of these
conventions, a lady whom I knew to be
a lady — at least. she was a very charming
one before she linked her fate with .the
fighting daughters of -fighting sires— gave
directions at- the entrance that any mes
sages coming- for her .were to' be deliv
ered ' at once. • During ' the home stretch
of a >heated debate seye.ral telegrams
were received jwWch.w.ere. delivered as
repuested. .-The -lady: rose and courteously
begged to be' excused, whereupon one of
the' presiding officers emphatically, for
bade her departure. The lady flushed
indignantly and'- eaid that she must go.
tut rhy memory is not at fault, it was .
a matter of illness at home; or, -at any
rate, an . important mission.) j However,
the pfficer barred lier way and when the
lady endeavored to pass out the official so
far forgot herself as to slap her a 're- .
sounding b,Ipw on the ' face. The lady i
stopped long enpugh to writo put her
resignation, aind in th.at , vaaNassemblage
of supposedly ;cu,ltured -womep there were
a few who actually indorsed -the official's
actions,' but in. the interest ¦ of reflped
wonianhoQd it is gratlfyipg to know that
the majority wete disgusted. ¦ , -j:'l
j The Congress qf also ,gave an'
exhibition in "VVashington not long ago,
which was about as farcical a perform
ance a,s one would wish to witness. .¦
The mothers who seemed to Jjnpw so
milch ,aV,out babies and their management
were ig iua^in antiqye spinsters, .child; ;
less married woflien and widpws, whp had
neve^r k^p.wn -the .cares of maternity. They
descantecl at length on hQW babies should
b.e treated and . children managed. 'J'hey
learnedly discoursed- of hygiene and mi
'aod «u.ch aggravations; .but a. gpod
. ©ldrfashioned . blac^c : inammy i cpuld h,ave
, tayght 'the ,' who,le conclave ; morp about
babies, in. ten .; minutes- tharT' they had
gleaned froni" classics in ten years'. V >:¦:;
During the recent prpceedin^ ' in New-
York for the elec.ti9n pf a pro^eiit pf the
Profegsion^l : t 'Wo^n.ar>'5 League ' *lve . name
ot beautiful I Am,el^a. Bingnam w^,s prp-;
posed. There ¦ was spme talk pi huildin^
a clu^hpusfi. Mrs. Bingham's hus.hand is
a- very stock bxoker, -while his
wife • no ,les,s euece ; ssf u.l , as theatrical
manager arjjd actress,, and no woman on ;
the New York s,tage' holds a warmer spot
in -the hearts, of public.? ftfrs.. , jping-'
ham • graciously ' off ered her own and her :
• husband's servicesv to aid any proiect.
The 'moment her ¦' back was turned her
-chronicled in .the daily journal are often
more - nor ¦ less than V.Xarce. There
,,is something, repulsive in the attitude of
- the woman;in -politics, -save when the-iius
band, son or brother .is ambitious for po
litical preferment; then' she should un
derstand perfectly the workings of polit
ical machinery, .where .a tactful word . or
, a shrewd suggestion, may :beof incalcula
".Die benefit.- '•¦¦-. '¦''•¦ ¦/-.. ". ¦-.,,:. .
..-i.The wives of .the. r>.t*tesmen "of Wash
.ington./arV /well equipped -with a -surprise
'.ing 'knowledge of statecraft, but these la
dies 'hfive; a -more delicate way of making
itheir /influence .felt than by noisHy venti
lating their" opinions. The wrftnan.of in
-signiflcant .political clubs are often ab
.surdly aggressive, even though having
•nothing at stake or nothing to gain. As
/a distinguished general of the Civil War
remarked,- "That' if the women did the
fighting, we would never have any peace."
Run trie gamut -of women's clubs— the
literary, the social, the political and the
.jfighting daughters— and the history, they
.have- recorded themselves. of bitter strug
gles for supremacy ;by the ambitious ones
is ithe best conclusive argument against
their wisdom. ; The jealousies and . heart
burnings i incident upon the election of of
ficers would- be -pitiable it. not so
miserably useless. To hold such' a/posi
tion.entails a. multiplicity of duties,,ah ex
pensive correspondence, .the sacrifice of
.time and 'j8u disregard of the demands of
home. ' , . v
Club life, or in fact any contact with the
outside world in a business -way, has a
. tendency i.to rob a woman of a certain in
definable trait that js her most winning
charm. A -hardening pr.ocess, unperceived
by:, herself, slowly and surely settles
around her. • .
Northern women are more energetic in
the matter of clubs than women- of the
¦South. Why? It would be hard to say,
unless it.be the result of environment, and
the more energetic temperament invidious
¦to 3. colder cliniate.
Members of women's/clubs bring upon
themselves ridvcule by ,Jthe extremes to
¦which they carry their prejudices. Think
of a club seeking to taboo the eating of
icecream on Sunday, as in a New Jersey
town, while in another the spinsters were
harrowed in their feelinps by the sight of
the village beaus and belles walking to
church together and casting loverlike
glances, for which they wished to indict
naughty Cupid for such awful misde
meanor.
In Brooklyn, where many of the hand- ¦
some homes have beautiful window jardi
nieres, one clubite ' unfortunately passed
just as a small flower pot fell from the
window above. She was not hurt, and a
servant soon removed the stains from her
clothing. But Miss; or Mrs. Club could
not - forgive *the offending flower pot, so
the club sifters held an indignation meet
ing, wherein a resolution was passed de
nouncing window gardens and framing a
petition to the. powers that be to the ef
fect that an ordinance be issued abolish
ing the beautiful window plants; -
And-so it is. The club woman devoted'
to club life becomes too aggressive.
In her nervous enthusiasm she springs
something startling and hysterical on the
public, and were _the country . governed"
by the graduates of these organizations
it -would result in a war of factions more
nerve-racking and peace-destroying than
history has yet recorded.
Let' the/men steer the bark of statecraft
while the woman rules the home. There
is where -in" childhood the men , of the fu
ture, learn the best and noblest' lessons
from the loving mother, > and assuredly
not from the habitues of women's clubs.
KATE THYSON MARK.
DOES CLUB LIFE UNFIT A WOMAN FOR
HOME LIFE?
. £""T\HIS clamcr against th« cjub woman
I ,— this. complaint that woman's club
: I life is unfitting?' her for home life-^ii.
, J^ all seems eo absurd to one who reai
•.'¦ ; ly knows dub life as it is.
It is easy enough for any one outside of
clubs to theorize about them- "VVe can-al
ways work ourselves into a fright over
any imaginary danger. . In the end the
danger usually disappears, or is found to
be of small account after all.- So with
club'life. People to whom it is still little
known, by whom it is not understood,
have set themselves to argue on how un
fortunate it would be if woman should be
come so engrossed in club life that she
could neglect the best thing she has— ,
which is her home. Thinking about! It,
still theorizing, they, have come to say
that the dreaded thing has happened,
that she is already neglecting her home. -
Look over the club women you know.
Do you find them leaving neglected chil
dren and husbands at home while they go
to a- club meeting? If any of them do
would they not have done the same thing
if they had never seen a club and if. they,
: were going to shop or to attend the the
ater instead? : '¦' ; . -- -
I will' tell you what I know of club
women. I know .them as strong, tender
mothers, as loyal and de-vAed wives; ' I
know them as the best wive3 and mothers
there are, taken as a class, because they
/are the best trained women.
For there is no question about the
training that, club life is to a woman." The
keynote of club life is, broadening. There
in lies the secret of its benefit.-
Woman's life as it has been in -the past
has been of a nature to "hinder this pro
cess." We were not less capable than
men or less ambitious, but we were
obliged to be narrow. Women of the past
spent most of their lives 'within four
walls. . An article in the July Atlantic
Monthly gives a good idea of the New
England woman's life in early years, and
that will stand very well as a type for
woman in general. She "looked well to
the ways of the household,"/ as she
thought. In reality was she doing, that?
She was staying at home all : day. long.
She was caring for her family in material
ways. But mentally — what : did she have
to -give them? ¦ > ¦ > - ':
Chopping wood, cleaning cupboards,
baking bread— this was the daily round,
from' sunup to sundown. Was this, in
the compietest sense, "looking well to the
ways of the household?" j
It certainly was, according to . the best
of that woman's belief. But now that the
world is growing older it is learning more. .
We have come to believe that cleaning;
and baking and nursing are not all a,
i/homemakfr's duties.
When the husband of the past day cams:
home, -(what had his wife to offer, him?
What^but ;. those, .material^ . thlmjs,., which u
; were tlie, result of her Say's labor? Had
she refreshment for his mind, in tactful
and intelligent conversation? No, for tha
poor thing had nothing to, talk about, j
"The yeast didn't rise well to-day."
\ ".The baby broke his rattle." ,\ .
, These and such as these were the items,
of news which she had to offer. After
they were delivered conversation lagged. '.
Now what is the difference between this •
type of the past and the so-called "new"
club woman of to-day?
The woman who attends , a club is
broadened. Let me repeat, that is tha
keynote. She comes in contact with other
women; she sees other points of view
than her own, from which she has been
looking at the world , for so many years.
She discusses with others the questions
which she used to face alone, trying to
work out their solution by herself. This
.was? a slow and a painful and too often
an unsuccessful process.'
Now see how "directly her home life Is
the gainer by the 'new process. First, in
the rearing of children. In old days it
wasVthe custom to bring up children
without any idea, as now, of the matter
being a science, I may almost say a fine
art. As a result, both parents and chil
dren suffered.
Nowadays we are learning far moire
about young minds, their tendencies, their
training-. They are little gardens for the
mother, the gardener, to plant and to
nourish. Does a gardener succeed best
by working entirely alone, attempting to
rear- his plants without regard to the ex
perience and knowledge of any gardener
but himself? No. Gardeners know that
by ' comparing notes they may improve ,
their results, for the experience of the ,
many is greater than the experience of
the one. / , . ."
Again, in matters pertaining to the
home beautiful. Discussion helps. In
some clubs house decoration is made a
matter of study. How much lovelier,
then, must the homes of these women be,
these women who have spent some time
and' thought together over the ways of
making their homes .more beautiful for
the. enjoyment of the" husband and chil
dren who share them. ¦
In all other matters relating to the bet
tering of homes . women are constantly
learning as a result of club life. Contact,
discussion, the comparing of notes— these
are .the means of the learning.
To be sure there are other thmgs studied
in clubs. Social science, literature,, art—
and you may say that these have no'use in
the home life. Bub- have they not? Most
men knowsomething of them, do they not?
Arid why. should they not be able to talk
them over at home? Why -should they
seek other men always for' conversation
relating to these broader topics? If a wife "
can \ offer interest and understanding in
such matters, will not the home be more
complete, and therefore will not the hus
band enjoy, his time spent' in it far more
than formerly?
I heard , a man , say the • other day that
woman is progressing so fast In education
that it will not : be long before she out
strips man in the race. , I believe that as
she > progresses men • will come to admire
her trained mind more and more, and that
thev will seek educated women. This .
means club women, for they are the ones
who study. '":¦ :¦ . \
As 'for the "complaints that are repeat
edly being made that club life causes
wrangling, I want to say that I believe .
them to be baseless. Women of true rs
finement do not -.wrangle," and j refinement
is the thins cultivated by club life.
Again) it is often said that club ,women
have no time for, home.- I do not know of
any who .stay away from their ' homes on
account of their clubs. They would prob
ably j be calling . if ; thqty.; -were not meeting
their friends in another .
Women /arenbrighter, "and sunnier and
better hbmemakers. I firmly : believe, be
cause of- the contact with others that club'
life ffiveV them.' r .\'\\ -•••¦'¦,
.. MRS.: W. B. , HARRINGTON."!
' ' ¦ •¦- -:¦ ¦¦¦¦¦.:¦.¦<¦; .¦-.:¦•-¦'¦ '*'¦¦ • :''~
THE : SUNDAlf CALL.
NO! SAYS
THE GIBSON GIRL.
2Salzburg, Austria, now puts in a claim
for the record birth rate of a single fam
ily.. Johann' Stelner. a farmer, married
Ills wife, " Martha, nineteen years ago,
when he was 52 and she was 23. In the
— nineteen years since they have had thirty
seven children— triplets three times and
twins twelve times, while the babies ha va
come along singly four times. Of the"
children thirty-four are living and they
ore all healthy and normal. -The thirty
seventh child was born a coupfo of weeks
ago. on the day on which the father cele
* bTated his seventy -second birthday. Th«
mother is stiH in robust health. Who
knowsiof a record to beat this?— New Torfc
Press.
that nai «Jl the otners wovmr nave Jump
ed on him In an instant. The cashier of
the party knew Just how many dollars
and cents were due to each man and he
counted the money out slowly and care
fully, giving to each his exact due. When
tho pay car ramo back, past the quarry
an hour and a quarter later he was still
counting the coin,, piling It up In little
stacks, while th« 'men to whom It be
longed watched eagerly and intently,
awaiting his signal that the Job was fln«
Iwhed. •' .
The system of paying as observed In
thin car Is so complete that If a man
claims, not to havo received his pay for
last December,* for example, the paymas
ter can tell him In an Instant who the
man wna immediately in front of him in
line, who was next behind him nnd who
every man was In that line,' in the gang
In which he belonged. He can also tell
him the exact amount of money paid to^
him, nm well as to every other man In
his gang, and can further prove. by the
man In front of him and behind him that
he was there and that he got his money.
That's why the paymaster never. takes a
receipt. The mystic numbers, called . out
by the pay roll clerk, are the key to this
system, but Just 'how these' numbers "are
applied Mr. Robinson doesn't really care
to malce public.
The great work camps of the company
on the new line are populated densely and
a more cosmopolitan community than
gome, them it would: be hard to find.
Wherever it is possible to get them white
men are. employed, but .for some , of „ the
work Mexicans and ' Japanese ; are hired
as well as Chinese for camp cooks
and laundrymen. ' : Although the f orelgii
element is largely represented, there is
little or no thieving or other lawlessness
in , these camps, for the majority of . the
icnow, to T.ave tnings done in too mctnod
ical a way with a pay train. It may run^
over half a division, pay all the men that
far and then skip, all the rest until another
day, or. perhaps two or three days. The
men know this and never reckon upon
their coin until they see the car stop.
I watched the work of the pay crew all
that day and the day following. Their
system of work was perfect. No disputes,
no claims made by workmen of shortage
In amounts, no attempts to get something
that belonged to some one else, for every
old employe of the road knows that Mr.
Robinson makes no mistakes, or If h» has
ever made any they are so few and have
been eo quickly detected that It doesn't
pay to try to take, advnntape of them.
"I noticed that one man claimed some
thing due him from last month." said I.
when the till was eloped nnd the special
pulled out of a Fmnll station.
"Ytr," replied the paymaster, "we have
n great lot of savings bank accounts In
this car. We have money here for six
months or a yenr. belonging to employes
who leave it with me from month to
month rather than 'draw and spend It.
Some of these men hnve large eums 1 to
their credit. Some of them draw a full
month once In « while and It Is fcufndent
to supply their needs for several month*.
They nllow their money to sland to their
credit until they have a Rood round sum.
Most of them are careful, provident men
and use the pay car as a safe deposit
box. When wo get to the rock crusher
down here, where the big camp is, you
will see how tile Rusalan laborers havo
caved their money."
All the ballast for the new coast line
!s crushed stone. It is all made at he
company's crushers, near Gaviota. These
quarries are* operated by Russians and
Poles. ." When, the car stopped In a deep
cut near the crusher a young Russian
who spoke fair English entered, the car
and asked for the money. due v cleven men.
He gave the names correctly, and each
name was checked off. The total due
them, covering several months In some
cases, amounted to a very large sum and
when the gold twenties, with additional
large stacks of silver dollars and halves,
.were handed out the young man's large
sombrero was filled to the brim with coin;
Just beyond the barbed wire fence a group
of Russians awaited '.him. Not one . of
them attempted to Interfere with -.the
money, for"* If one hsd put a hand ; Into
employes are long In the service of th«
company and will not tolerate such prac
tices. A thief in a railroad camp Is cer»
tain to meet very severe treatment when
his peculations are discovered. Dishon
esty is at a~dlscount In Southern Paciflo
camps, and It is rarely indeed that steal-
Ing is reported.
The pay car stops anywhere* Wherever
there Is a gang of men at work on th«
roadbed Paymaster Robinson opens up
his little offlce and in less tlma than It
takes to tell "it the workmen have r.?
celved their shining coin and th» special
Is gone. Sometimes, particularly on tn»
new line of road, stops were made -for
Isolated Individuals : who had been
assigned to complete some specific work,
or for a solitary track walker whos*
lonely vigil was seldom interrupted, i&ts
by the advent of the pay car. Now and!
then at a country siding a passenger or
freight train stopped and the pay car
opened up for business. 'Not two minutes*
time Is required to pay off a train crew'
*and the accommodating spirit of the pay- ,
master Is appreciated by .these men, who
otherwise might have to wait an Indefin
ite time to catch the pay car at a station I
wher* their own trains also stopped. la
one instance, near Gaviota, a bridge in- 1
speetor was tightening: some bolts on th« :
great viaduct when the- pay car hove la j
sight, j He made no signal to stop the rp«- I
dal, but the engineer had his Instructions '•
and the car stopped in the. middle of the,
structure. Th«- Inspector received, his) ;
money and the tram was off In Just fif
teen seconds by the watch. A day or two |
later we were running down a steepgrada J
In the Santa Crua Mountains. Th« Bp«-i
dal slowed up and stopped. There was '
a telegraph lineman astride th» crossarm
of a telegraph pole, 'and by the time h»
reached the ground Mr. Ruthrauff had
found his entry in the payroll books. tn»
coin was, counted out ready for him and
Mr. Lineman had his money before ha
had time to begin gossip about th.*
weather and crops. ,
Tha opportunity afforded by the pay
car for character study Is simply unlim
ited. "When we stop up here at the next
station," said Mr. Robinson, "you will
nee the agent coma aboard. He 1» an old
man and has been here for many years.
His name? I don't remember many
Dames: its faces I know. This old fallow
will get his left hand: hooked down ready
to rake his money off th» counter th«
instant be comes in at the door. If h«
didn't do that Td know at a glance that
lie wasn't the man who belonged here,
Tle'll grin from ear to ear as soon as
you can nee his face and hell swtpe that
coin off the board with his right hand
Into his left In' one sweep. Then he'll
dlvido the pile, giving each hand some
thing to carry. When he gets outside
he'll, put the silver In one pocket, bite
each gold coin and put them Into the fob
pocket inhis trousers. Be lives on tha
silver and saves ths gold. I suppose. New
•watch him."
With a precision that could only com*
from long practice the old station agent
went through every detail of th» perform
ance Just s.9 Mr. Robinson Bad said, ha
would and the last I saw of him as ths
train pulled but he was Jamming gold tens
Into the little watch . pocket, one at a
time, after first carefully testing them
In his teetb to be sure that they were gen
_ There- is the careful man who wants to
be sure that the paymaster know* him
and Is In -no "danger Of 'mistaking' him for
some other person of the qarae cams.
.There Is the' fresh young man with a red
tie at a way station, who imagines be Is
funny s and that the pay crew look for
ward with great pleasure to their month
ly visit to his station. There la the man
who Is always late and who misses
pay car when It is on his own division
r.nd catches it on another, only to add
his trifle to the vicissitudes and cares of
the clerks. " There is the burly, honest
pectlon boss, who wants Mr. Robinson to
be entirely satisfied that he Is paying the
men who are entitled to the coin, and
there Is the "voucher fiend," "who has
shaved the pay warrants of Tom. Dick
and Harry at usurious rates and who ap
proashes the pay car In deadly fear that
some one may have garnlsheed the
money that is coming on his vouchers.
AH sorts and conditions of men present
themselves at the pay-car window. In
earlier days, when the system was newer
ond-Iess perfect, every possible sort of
scheme was devised to beat the paymas
ter.- They all failed, however, and to-day
nothing. of the sort Is tried.
• There Is another car attached to the
pay car, which, while it plays no part
in the business of this department. Is
nevertheless important- It is a tourist
car and. carries from two to four passen
gers. They are all stocklly built men,
with grizzled mustaches and sharp gray
eyes^" Their ccats have a suspicious bulge
cn the side iiand if there ever happens to
be a little 'matinee on a lonely section
with bandits these gentlemen will play
a' conspicuous part. This is the guards'
car and the men who travel in it are ¦«.'
lected»for special traits of character and
proficiency In certain lines ', peculiarly
?heir own. They are quiet, uncommuni
cative, astute and clever in their lines
and are all men with records. Month
after month,. year after year (Mr. Robin
eon has been In the business for thirty
years), this little special with Its valuable
cargo speeds over the Southern Paclflo
rails from San Francisco to El Fnso. Its
Kchtdule Is known to no one and It never
travels in the night. Its one greatest ele
ment of safety lies In the fact that every
rtllroad employe' has a personal Interest
In that pay car and when it pulls Into a
town from the 'east, or west at nightfall
and remains at the depot all night every
one of the hundred or more employes
in the .night yards feels that It la to hta
personal Interest to keep a -watchful ey>
on the car and its occupants. It* ad
ventures and wrecks ' would fill columns
and its marvelous financial system, which
Is perpetually In balance, would b« a
revelation to financiers and bankers could
Its details be made public
;; % :-: -.r .-. W. J. ROtT3E.
«T^ JT ICHAEL HOG AN., elr." .
I \/\ A rrlmy face appeared at a
I Y I tiny barred window «.s the name
' ' JL Xi&s uttfi red, and two muscular
hands \rlth twitching fingers
rested on the rubber mat In front of a
steel box p!l «=•<?. high v/ifh gold.
"45.E&— 9— 27." Ore of the three men ln
*lde the little office called oft these mys
tic numbers, cud El=iv:«.tar.ecusly there
vras a rattle of coin, which was almost
us Instantly swept off the mat by the
horny hands, Michael Hogan had re
ceived his wajr?s for, a month and disap
• reared. Another face appeared at the
window, snothor ram" was called, more
coin disappeared, and so It went on
through an almost endless line of men,
Trho were dlsr<c&ed of at the rate of not
less than e!x or wven per minute.
This seen* transpires in • the Southern
Pacific pay ear almost every hcur of*
every day !n the year. While the expe
riences of the paymaster and his assist
ants must of necessity become fearfully
monotonous to themselves, nevertheless
the pay car presents inexhaustible oppor
tunities for the study of human nature,
to the one trho makes an occasional trip
over the road ts the guest of Paymaster
C. J. Robinson.
I had been Invited to make a trip In the
car through the courtesy of General Pr.3-
Fenger, w Agcnt Goodman And Treasurer
Smith. - and -was tcld that the special
would leave the Ban Francisco depot en
route south over the new coast line at n
certain hour and minute. I was also told
that the special always left at exactly
the time scheduled, although not one. man
outside the pay car crew ever knew what
its schedule la. when it will start or where
It will go. This Is a part of the system.
Ae I was unable to leave at the hour des
ignated It occurred to me that it would
be & simple matter to take the limited an
hour later and overtake the special a few
miles down the road, particularly as the
pay car stops at every station, as well an
between station*, wherever there Is a man
cr a rang of men to pay. I found, how
ever, that that pay car 5s about the hard
est thing on the rails to locate or to over
take. Not only did It make all the stops
and pay all the men from San Francisco
to Ban X>uls Oblspo, but it made such time
between stops that we never got within
ten miles of It all day. At dusk that
night when the regular train pulled Into
San L»uls Oblspo the pay car stood on n
elding In front of the depot and dinner
was served.
Few outsiders have er»r seen the lns!de
of this car. For obvious reasons It is not
deemed best by the officials to have it t<v>
well known, and while I am permitted to
plve a general description of it, yet there
ere some details of Its Interior mechanism,
constructed for special purposes in case
of need, about which nothing can be said.
The front end t*t the car contains th«
kitchen and dining-room, the latter n
large, elry apartment, the full width ol
th» car and about twelve feet In length.
From this room a narrow passage, closed
by heavy steel plated doors, self-lockir.;?,
lends to the middle compartment, where
there *re four full sections, arranged and
furnished exactly as in a first-class
standard Pullman. This Is the livirg and
rl^eplng-room of the paymaster and his as
Fl'tanf*. A heavy partition of «v\k. lined
with sheet steel, separates this room
from the office, which 1? also the arsenal.
The office is about SxlO feet in size and
sousre Inch of room Is - ntlllrsd.
The .walls are all of oaV, InterM-ied with
fheet steel, and p. 11 the windows are
heavily barred. In the center of the
rear wall is the paymaster's window. A
flidlng dsor which operates autom3tlcal
ly end which can be Instantly closed
with sufficient f^rce *o take off a man's
erms as clesn as a el«»av»r. affords con
stant protection to the funds In char«re
of the paymaster, and In addition to this
safeguard there are also other devices, a
description cf ¦which is forbidden. There
are two narrow passageways leading to
the rear . steps. A cross passage. Just
large enough to admit one person at a
time. connects those two. passing: direct
ly in front, of the little window. A line
of men may enter nt one side of the car,
pass before the window c»;e at a time
and emerge from the other sic!e. but all
the time they are in such position as to
be covered by the guards of the paycar.
On either side of the rear wall of the of
fice are loop holes covered ¦with steel lids.
These holes are Just large enoueh to ad
mit the muzzle of a eawed-off shotgun or
a Winchester. On the desk, immediately
•under these loopholes, lies a heavy Colt's
eix-shooter, fully loaded and ready for In
stant use, and there are men In that car
who know how to use them with deadly
¦ effect. On the offlce wall, within arm's
length of the loopholes, is- the gunrack,
with a dozen Winchesters and shotguns.
The paycar has never been attacked,
much less robbed, and if such an at
tempt is ever made it ¦will result dis
astrously to the robbers. Even they
rucceed In capturing the car they won't
fret the money, for the money simply
won't be- Jhere — but that's one of the se
erets Mr. Robinson doesn't want made
public.
•The system of paying our employe's
In coin Instead of by check as some other
roads do," caJd Mr. Rofclnson. "has been
found to b« more satisfactory all around
than the ether plan. Since the war rev
enue Btamp has been required on checks
the cost of revenue stamps alone, should
we pay our thousands cf employes by
check, would perhaps more than equal
the entire cost of the present rystem. not
to mention the clerical expense of pre
paring the checks and the cost of dis
tributing them to the employes. Again,
when a worfcSnermnn out on a country
division gets a check It Is a matter of
furious inconvenience to him sometimes
to get Itcarhed and he appreciates the
nctual coin In his own hands for this ad
ditional reason.
"At the right of the offlce you will note
the counter where the checking and call
ing clerks sit. Mr. Ruthrauff has charge
of the payrolls, which you v.1ll note arts
In bound books, each month by Itself. Mr.
Taylor, who checks all payments, enters
In his books the amount of money I pay
out to each man, and In addition the two
r-umben that always follow .the naming
of a sum of money by Mr. Ruthrauff when
an employe appears at the window. The
eystcm appears complex to any one who
stands here and listens to what we cay.
yet it Is simple and absolutely perfect so
far as identification goes, unless it is a
perfectly new man, whom we have never
had in the car before. In such cases the
foreman of each section gang stands "in
that little niche in the passageway there
and Identifies the man. When a regular
employe appears at the -window he gives
his name, Mr. Ruthrauff Instantly finds,
his entry on the payroll, calls off the
amount due him— for example, $53 57— and
as eoon as I hear this sum called my right
hand drcps two twenties, a ten, a five;' my
left hand has already done Its work, and -
there Is a fifty-cent piece and a nickel on
the rubber mat. The sum\ being 57 cents.
we keep the, odd 2 cents. If it is 3 cent i"
over a niokel the employe EotB It, .and
thin method of doing away with odd pen
n!es|eor«es out bo even at the ervd of &
trtp that thoro won't be W cents to ac
eo'.int for one way or the other."
Kaily in the cio:n:!ie- entirely too ear! y
for o;;mifirt—l wsi retilca out of my borth
R.nd informed that break'riat was served, ¦¦'.
It wa« a royal meal, prepared by a* tifio
a cook r.s ever engineered ihs galley in a
ulnlnc car. and while we wore dismissing
It the special was ispeediric over tha lalls ,
toward Surf, th» end of the old road, Sta
tion after station was passed, but no rtop
made. BecUcn nr.cn knew the, pay
train wan on the division, but experlcnca
had tRUEht them that this was no erlte
> rion to Oetermlne the time of their re
ceiving th«>ir pay. It doesn't do, you
•THE SUNDAY CALLU
3
A TRIP WITH THE PAY TRAIN"VThe sonnets here presented are ver
sions of all those* contained in 'Les'Tro
phies.' , That such': art ' as De Heredia's
can best be exemplified j in the. French
may be conceded, but at the same time It
must ; likewise - be conceded ' that * in' ; no
language ; has j the sonnet * reached greater
ya'rlety;or force, or beauty for the matter
The sonnets of Jose Maria" de .Heredia,
translated by Frank' Sewnll and pub
lished under the title,- "The Trophies,"
have : , already been . .reviewed In thesa
columns. SlnceUhat tlmo another trans
lation has been received: a translation
from" the pen of' Edward R. Taylor and
published; he writes, some two \ years be
fore Sewall's: volume. Taylor says In hid
preface:, - •
Sonnets of Heredia.
I Barrington. '.however, a prey, to remorse
and wretchedness, gradually loses interest
in his domestic relations, and In a fu
tile search for. happiness, changes from
an ideal -lover and husband into a low
order Bohemian, seeking amusement and
solace in the society of Gemma, an un
conventional and charming little model,
for whom he daily and nightly neglects
Dorothy. 'The final climax Is reached
when Dorothy discovers a newspaper clip
ping, telling of the 'death of his first wife
a year, previous. After 'a -passionate ap
peal to him, in which she learns that he
has now no intention of marrying her, and
feeling that life henceforth can hold noth
ing for her, she takes morphlne'and thus
dies. (Published by G. W. Dllllngham
Company, New York. Price |1 50.)
In "The Way of a Man With a Maid."
by France's Gordon Fane, the scene is laid
in New York, where- Dorothy Tremaine, a
beautiful young artist, falls in love and
marries John Barrlngton. a young English
author, who fraudulently obtains a di
vorce from his first wife that he may win
her. I Dorothy, believing the divorce, to be
legal, lives- with him for more than a
year, when, on a', visit to Paris, she en
counters the deserted- wife, now a hopeless
invalid, who. burning with jealous rage,
denounces Dorothy, and divulges to her
the true: state of affairs.
But Dorothy, in her exalted attachment,
believing that love sanctifies the relations
existing between them, does not ' leave
Barrington, | and relying on a faithful
promise, that when \he is free he will
marry her. remains to the end the tender
loving, ideal wife and companion.
The Way o^ a Man "With a Maid.
anothe^ of this class. It ;is already : on
the selling lists as gplng by the thousands.
This instantaneous success is partially
due to' the fact that Its author wrote
"Richard , Carvel,'' but it has - enough
merit of its own to warrant It all. As a
study of Lincoln it is un equaled in fiction.
THE CRISIS.
- Mr.' Lincoln was speaking again. .
, "He put In a pica, a. lawyer'" plea, wholly
unworthy. of him, Mien Virginia. . Ho asked m«
to let. your cousin off on a technicality.. What
do you think of that?" i • .
, "Oh!" said : Virginia. Just the exclamation
escaped her— nothing more, - The crlmtton that
had . betrayed her deepened on her cheekH. '
Slowly I tho eyes she j had • yielded ) to , Stephen
came back again and 'rented on ¦ the ¦ President.
And now her- wonder" was that an ugly . man",
could bo so beautiful. . ' s
"I .wish if understood, Mr. Lawyer,",, the
resident continued, * "that I am not letting oft
Colonel Col fax nn a technicality. I am* spar
ing / his ' life,", he said , slowly, "because the
time for which. we have been waiting and. long-;
Ing for. four years' is now- at hand— the time
to be merciful. :lvet us all thank God for. U."<
„ Virginia had risen, ' now. '-'She .-crossed !the
room, .her head lifted, her' heart- lifted, ¦ to
where this min of sorrows stood smiling dowr.^
at hen' . ""' ' '..--. ... . "\. 1 ¦' ¦, , ~ ' ¦
"Mr." Lincoln," she faltered. VI did 'not know
you when I came There. I should have known
you. for I had . heard him— I • had heard Major
Briee praise you. Oh." she cried, . Vhow . I
wish that every man and woman and child In
the South might come ' here and ' see : you : as I
•come whenthiB nation. North and South, maj
look back upon it with reverence. Thousands
upon thousands of brave Americans have dlec
under It • for what they* believed was right.
But may the day come: again when you will
love that flag you see there: now — Washington's
flag-better still." \
He stopped,: and the tears were wet . upon
Virginia's lushes. She could not have spoken
then. .'.»,' ' . ' ¦
I Mr. Lincoln went over to .his desk and gat
down before It. Then he began to write,
slouched : forward, one. knee resting on the
floor, his lips moving- at the same time. When
ho got up again he seemed taller than ever.
"There!" he nald, "I gueas^ that will flx iti
I'll have that "nent to Sherman! ., I' have al
ready- ppoken to him • about the matter."
They did not thank him. It was beyond them
both. 1 He turned to Stephen 'with that quizzi
cal look on 'his! face he had so often seen him
wear. . . • '. . ¦ -X. '
"Rteve," he «aid. "I'll tell you a story.- ' The
other night Harlan was' here making a speech
to .a crowd out of ,the wjndow, : and ,my "boy
Tad wag Rittlng behind :h!m.
.' " 'What shall we do with the rebels?'' said
Harlan to the 'crowd. 3 v . •
" 'Hang; ''cm!' cried 'the people. Y '¦' '
"'No,', pays 'Tad; 'hang on Kb 'em.' . ' '
, "And the boy .was > right. That Is, what we
Intend : to do— hang on' to''em.-.-. And,., Steve,"
said Mr. Lincoln, putting his hand : again on
Virginia'^ shoulder,;. "If, you, have the sense' I
think you have, you'll hang on.' too." . ; .• '
¦For';an: lnsfaht utood', smiling at their
blushee— he : to .whom the power was given ' to
set apart his . cares i and his i troubles and par-
LEIGH, H. IRVINE Is already well known In this *fetate as a man of letters",
through Ms works on social problems and also as a' writer for the dally
press. Mr. Irvine has Just published another book, Affair In the South
Seas," a story of romantic adventure on one of the South Sea Islands.
Questions In sociology appeal to a limited audience, but , this last book by Mr.
Irvine has- the world for its readers. ¦ It is entitled to a high degree of popular-'
Ity. The author has evidently made a long and personal study of these South
Sea countries and their peoples, for his book affords a charming opportunity of
acquiring information and at the same time entertainment as a capital story of
adventure ashore and afloat. *
Mr. Irvine is a graduate of the State University at Columbia, Mo., and has
also had the advantage of a legal education. For three yea'rs'he and Frank P.
Blair wooed the fickle goddess of law at Kansas City. Irvine had already done
some newspaper work in different cities of the Kast.'and during that time made
a personal friend of . Eugene Field. Field advised him to devote his best efforts
to work outside of the newspaper offices, so In 1886 he wrote "The Problem of J
Distressed Labor." .
It was in 1887 that he came to San. Francisco and began work on the dally
papers here, while at the same time he put in all his spare moments on his
second book— a series of essays on social, questions called "The Struggle for
Bread." It had the distinction of requiring four editions. In 1S93 he went to the
Islands and spent many months in traveling and. writing stories and sketches.
This last book, "An Affair in the South Seas," tells of the life of a colony on
the South Sea island Atollia. The discussions on the, political and social forma
tion of this small state are. Interesting and contain many points that offer food
for thought, but this is not. the real charm of the book— at least not for the gen
eral reader. You feel too fascinated by the descriptions of the wondrous couiv
try.' where everything grows wild for the support of man; you are too keen in
following the customs of the picturesque and superstitious natives; you find far/
too great an interest in the concrete life itself to pay 'more- than passing tribute'
to the abstract . theories of government that arise. 'Mr. Irvine has evidently ap
preciated this fact and has cut down all sociological discussion to a minimum—
he gives just enough of it to make the story consistent. , '
This colony that sets out from the United Slates to make a home on a far-,
away tropical isle is the scheme of Captain Swanson, an old: sea captain who
has made a fortune and now proposes to spend it in trying a philanthropical idea.
Thfe voyage of many weeks on a sailing vessel is not made without many ad
ventures. The author gives their sea experiences in>good swinging style. His de
scription of the storm and attack by pirates has the ring of Cooper. •
. The natives give the prospective home bujlders hearty greeting, and as Swan
son speaks their language all goes well. The ship is sent back to America for
more supplies and the colonists go to home building. . Their, pleasant" round of
daily life and the step by step progress made toward an ideal community in an
ideal spot will/make any reader envy these people; for the scenes that Mr.' Ir : J
vine depicts are to be duplicated inireallty in these. distant fairyllke Islands. He
certainly deserves credit that he can draw his pictures with so'sure a hand/ .
The tragic element Is Introduced in the character of Bill- Banks; beachcomber.
This man, through a few feats' of sleight of hand and ventriloquism so works
on the superstitious savages that they- take; his word for law and are begin
nins to look.upon the colonists with suspicious eyes. Swanson is equal to the
occasion and arranges an incantation scene In the depths of , the forest that out-/
rivals anything that Banks ever could attempt. He so: wins over the natives
that they make an example of the beachcomber.
This realistic bit of tragedy sets out the more strongly the Idyllic passages
that have preceded it. ,,• : ' ¦ ' '. : .
In thjs book Mr. Irvine' shows great versatility. It is said that- he is soon
to publish another novel— a romance of Hawaii' called "The .Old Editor."
LEIGH H. IRVINE.
THE LETTERS OF HER MOTHER TO
ELIZABETH— By Elinor. Glyn. John Lane.
New York.
A NEW* THEORY OF EVOLUTION— By Al
fred Ward Smith. The Abbey Press. New
York.
THE STONER FAMILY— By Samuel Fulton.
Th« Abbey Press. New York.
CORDELIA AND OTHER POEMS— By N. B.
Rlpley. The Abbey Press. New York. 50 cent*.
SOME QUESTIONS OF LARGER POLITICS
—By " Professor Edwin Mazer. The Abbey
Press, New York. -••..'.::¦
LIKE THE LILIES— By Lucy Tracy. Th«
Abbey Press, New York. 25 cents. • .
A NEW VERSION OP AN OLD STORT-By
Elizabeth Milroy. The Abbey Press, .New
York. 25 cents.
OUR . CHOIR— By George A. StocAwelL The
Abbey Press, Xew York.
THE EGYPTIAN" RING— By Nellie Tohaaa
Sawyer. The Abbey Press, New .York.
SONGS FROM NATURE— By Daniel M.
Peters. The Abbey Press, New York.
ON THE THRESHOLD— By Mary A. Hart-
Bhnrn. The Abbey Press, New York.
¦VVEDDING BELLS— By Nat Prune. The Ab
bey 5 Press. New York. • .
LA NEUVAINE DE COLETTE— By Jeanne
SchuUz. American Book Company, New York.
45 cents. . , .. •
A NARRAGANSETT PEER— By George Ap
pleton. The Abbey Press. New York. U.
L'ENFANT ESPION AND OTHER STORIES
—Edited by Reginald R. Goodell. M. A. Ameri
can Book Company, New Tone 45 cents. •
CRANKISMS— By Lisle de Yaux Matthew
man. Henry T. Coates & Co.. Philadelphia. $1.
THAT STVEET ENEMT-By. Katheria*
Tynan. J. B. Llpplncott Company, Philadel
phia. In paper. 50 cents. ....
DEIRDRE "WED AND OTHER POEMS— By
Herbert French. John Lane. New York.
BRIDGE 'WHIST— By Leonard Leigh. Henry
T. Coates & Co., Philadelphia, $1.
THE DOWDP? SHAKESPEARE— HAMLET
— EO2IEO AND JULIET— Edited by Edward
Dowden. The Bowen-Merrill Company, Indian
apolis. Indiana. SI 25 per volume.
Books Eeceived.
THE ROAD TO RroGEBTS— By Frank Bttr
linsarne Harris. Small, Maynard A Co.. Bos
ton. » 50. :
Another artistic poster has been Issued
by r>. Appleton & Co. This one adver
tises" Mills of God," by Elinor Macart
ney Lane. The decorative design la
printed in black. A medallion silhouette
In rich bronze occupies the center of th*
poster. The simplicity of the color scheme
has resulted in making a most effective
and artistic production.
¦ . • • - A •.
Maxwell Gray, the author of "The Si
lence of Dean Maltland," has recently
finished a new novel, "Four-leaved Clov
er," which is described as an exceptional
ly vivid and entertaining story. It jrlll
be published shortly by TX Appleton &
Co.
Six short stories, besides the Install
ments of two -serial Btorles. make the
August Atlantic a notable fiction number.
The authors represented are Mary John
ston, Sarah Qrae Jewett, Duffleld Osborne,
P. H. Coggins. R. E. Young, A. Cahan,
Ellen Duvall and Arthur Colton.
In view of the irreat attention now belnsr
Riven to the subject of irrigation, both
by the" dally press and by members of
Congress, It Is Interesting to note that
Messrs. Thomas T. Crowcll & Co. have
In preparation a book on this subject by
Dr. F. H. Newell (United States Geolog
ical Survey), who Is the best authority
on Irrigation In the country. •
"The Paris Commune. Thirty Tenrs
After," will be one of the more striking:
features . of the August Century. The
author, William Trant, was an eye-wit
ness of the events described, but some of
his statements are questioned in a note
by Archibald Forbes, to which 'sir. Trant
offers a rejoinder. He denies that the
communards tried to burn the city.
Beautiful editions of standanS atrtlwrs
are the order of the day. The "Outward
Bound," Kipling, and the "Thistle," Stev
enson, are about to have two rivals.
Messrs. r>. Appleton & Co. announce. rich
subscription editions of the works of Dr.
A. Conan Doyle and Anthony Hope Haw
kins. In the case of Dr. Doyle the set will
number twelve volumes, and In that of
Mr. Hawkins thirteen; both sets to be In
creased as new books are written. Each
volume will be embellished with 'finely
executed photogravures. The sets will be
prepared with every device that will com
bine sumptuousness and good taste.
Within one month of its publication 200,
000 copies of "The Crisis" have been pub
lished. It cannot be said that the prophet
la without hoacr In his own country Jn.
Mr.. Churchill's case. The glimpse which
he gives in "The Crisis" of the German
colony of St. Louis is something new In our
literature, Americans with a kind of na
tional feeMng lump their German fellow
citizens together In speaking or writing
of them. With keen discernment Mr.
Churchill has drawn a picture of the life
and devotion of the men who foaght f»r
the.UnlOK because It represented to them
the struggle against a class tyranny
which' had driven them into exile. Down
there In the German suburb were to b©
found gentlemen and scholars, men o*
whom Germany should have b«en proud,
but whom she drove harshly from her
frontier. This Is but one of the phases
of manifold American life that are to b«
found In "The Crisis," but it. Is an Im
portant one— a tribute to German Amerl«
cans such as no American novelist has
yet. offered.
account of "A Piljrimaje to Wes«e*,*»
by dive Holland* author of "My Japanese
Wife." will appear In this number, Ulus
, trated with reproductions from photo
graphs taken by the author. Amons?
these Illustrations is the latest portrait
of Thomas Hardy, and the one that he
considers the best. The letterpress of tho
article has been . read and approved by
Mr. Hardy, under whose Instruction a
map of the Wessex country, which 1$ also
reproduced, was made. Mrs. Ella Stryker
Mapes has written a most comprehenMvs
article on Balza.c'3 novels, and a critical
and appreciative sketch of. the late Ray
om de Campoamore. the. ¦ most distin
guished of modern Spanish .poets, will be
given by Mrs^Mary J. Serrano, the well
known translator, of Marie Bashkir tsefT 3
1 Journal.
The August number of The Critic will
contain eight-page portraits of distin
guished meiiand women by the Marchion
ess of Granby.. -These will include a por
trait of -Lady Granby by hersolf. Tno
work of this genuine artist Is not as well
known; in this country as it should be*
and 'the editors of \The Critic take great
pleasure in introducing it to their, readers.
No pains have been spared in the repro
duction of these drawings, so *that th^y
have all the delicacy of the originals.' An
"So now you understand why (though I
have heard, other explanations* I have
never taken a college degree, j Daudet
never did either. /Was It for the name rea
son? I do not know. ,At any rato it seems
strange that two, very prominent novelists
have been found unworthy to assume the
academic badge."
J "I had been a good boy at Als, though
never a brilliant pupil; at Paris I became
a very idle and troublesome one.' I had
already caught tho literary fever, and I
felt myself body and soul a part of the
great literary world. I nvglected my clas
sic authors to pore with avidity over
Montaigne. Rabelais, Diderot and Victor
Hugo. Ah! Victor Hugo! I was mad
about him in those days!
"To go backjto my earliest recollections,
I was 3 years old when my family left
Paris to take up its residence at Aix.
During my boyhood I made two visits to
the capital, one when i was 7, the other
when I was nearly, 12.\ Though I look
strong now, I was small and sickly at that
age. I had my first schooling at the Col
lege of AIx, and I did not. get into the
eighth" form till I was 12 years old. It
was' n/her late 'to begin Latin. So that
when I was 18 and my mother placed me
nt the Lyceo Saint Louis, in Paris, I was
considered extremely backward.
Emile Zola will be 61 years" of age In
August. His lather was an engineer,
who*dtcd when Emile. was a small boy.
"My. mother, a most excellent woman," he.
says In the July Literary Era, "was of a
Beauceron family; and, like Sarcey, was
born at Dourdan. She had the very best
intentions, but she understood nothing of
business, and her want of experience
brought us to'penury.
Literary Notes.
The verses of Lilian H. Shuey that have
appeared in various periodicals of the
United ' States have been gathered to
gether and published in dainty form un
der the title "Among the Redwoods."
The collection should be prized by Call
fornlans on account of the author's evi
dent appreciation of the natural beauties
of the State. The verses all have a pleas
ing metrical swing and best of all ring
so true of the beautiful scenes: and life
amons the redwoods. This little book will
make a pleasant souvenir for Eastern
cousins. (Published by the Whltake.r &
Ray Company, San Francisco. In paper,
25 cents.)
"The Transfiguration of Mlssi Pbilura"
Is a novelette by Florence Morse Kings
ley. This sprightly little story is woven
round the "New Thought," which is find
ing expression in Christian Science, Divine
Healing, etc. In the course of the story
Miss Philura makes drafts upon the All-
Encircling Good] for a husband and vari
ous other things, and the All-Encircling
Good does not disappoint her. Some who
have seen the story have said it is a
satire. Others are sure It is not. but that
the author deals In a frftndly and sincere
way with .the belief which supplies the
motif of her story. The first class find
amusement, at least. In the adventures
of the demure little heroine. ¦ The second
class see in them also an acceptable illus
tration of the practical workings of. their
belief. (Published by Funk & Wagnalls
Company, New York. Price, 60 cents).
Among the Redwoods.
Transfiguration of Miss Philura.
Although Selma Lagerlof's masterpiece,
In '¦' the opinion of her countrymen, Is
"Gosta 'Berllngs Saga," her more general
reputation as the best exponent of the
"new mysticism" Jn Sweden rests upon
her short stories rather than upon her so
called novel. In this long work of fiction
the reader'* interi.Mt flags, owing to the
fact that the chapters are not thoroughly
welded together. But the short stories
hold the attention from beginning to end.
Thlf: Is particularly true of the young
writer's latest volume, "From a Swedish
Homestead" (McClure, Phillips & Co.) In
this collection of short stories, which Jes
sie Brochner has rendered Into English so
charmingly, there is a wide range of sub
jects, from Icelandic saga to biographies
of the saints. .The volume contains a
number of sketches of modem Swedish
life, which suggest', the Hawthorne type
of the story of refined mysticism. (Price
no
From a Swedish Homestead.
Herein lira a radical difference between
the two translations. Sewall arranged
his fourteen-line poems in blank vers*.
maintaining that in that form he could
adhere to a more literal translation. Tay
lor rhymes carefully according to the
abba-abba scheme followed in the
original, ,
Whether, he gains or loses the poet's
spontaneous ardor is a matter of taste.
It is interesting to compare tho two trans
lations in one of their tropical pictures.
¦ . Sewall translates thus:
- , | •'" FIRE FLOWEBS.
Long ages from the time when Chaos was.
The fire in torrents spouted from this mouth:
And then the Ipne • volcano's burning plume
Flamed higher jrtltT than Chlmbor.azo's crest.
No echo more doth wake the summit's sleep.
The bird doth drink where once the cinders
¦" ' rainod.
The ground no - longer moves and the earth's
blood,
The lava, stiffening, leaves It In repose.
And yet, last effort of the ancient flame
Around the crater's. rim forever chilled.
Flashing acroes the pulverized recks.
Like clap of thunder in the silence's midst,,
Powdered .with gold by their own pollen shed.
Open the flowers of burning cactuses.
' Taylor's form, is this:
FLOWERS OF FIRE.
In ages past since Chaos* mighty throes.
This crater loosed volcano's flamlnjr brood,
And grandly lone Its plume of flr» stood
At loftier height than Chlmborazo's snows.
The summit echoless no murmur knows;
The bird now drinks where cinders poured their
flodd; ,'
And bound In Earth's congealed lava-blood
The soil has found inviolate repose.
Yet. act supreme of flre In time of old—
In orb of crater's mouth forever cold.
Shedding o'er comminuted rocks Its light.
Like peal of thunder in the silence rolled.
Standing In pollen dust oC powdered gold.
The flame-born cactus spreads its petals bright*
(Published by William Doxey. Price,
$125.) ... . .
"In the -versions here presented the
form of "the '.originals, including the
rhyme arrangement, has been strictly fol
lowed." .-'' •
of- that, than in the English. That the
tafk of representing De Heredia's son
nets acceptably in the English Is truly
Herculean may also be conceded, but the
very difficulty. Is' a challenge to those who
love the sonnet form and delight to work
in it, and even partial success In such an
endeavor is almost a victory.
¦picture of % the Southwest and a powerful
character study' It is the .best that has
appeared for many, a day.:, There may be
readers who would prefer a different Bub-;
Ject or a change" In the ending oi the
story, but all must admit that it Is a work
of considerable literary genius.
Another book of/this season that is out
of the ordinary ;is '.'The White Cottage,"
by Gwendoline Keats. Miss 'Keats has
done what only genius can do-^taken , her
'characters, from, the most 1 lowly^ and
weaved a tragedy about them that makes
a lasting Impression. There are very; : few
writers now living who 'could usey this
same material and even approximater'the
impellent interest . of this ; tale of poor
English fisher, folk life.' .' . ;.. [ .
"The Octopus," by Frank Norrls, is an
other book that should be read.' In this
Mr. Norrls has really done a great work.
It Is heavy reading; there are many char
acters, an involved plot, or rather plots,
and plenty- of -material for thought, but
it is a work that will live .for many sea
sons. It Is 'one of those whose popularity
"does not come at first but grows steadily ¦;
¦ and vpossesses that- lasting quality i that.
makes""*t§taridard novels." _ -,'.! ¦ ••¦...
"The Crisis," by Winston Churchill, is
have J seen you to-day. I \ thlnk-I . think {hat
seme of their bitterness might ba taken away."
- Abraham Lincoln j laid his j hands upon the
girl. . \ And 8tephen, watching, knew that he
was looking upon a benediction. : . : <* : :j
"Virginia," "said JUr. Lincoln. "} have not
suffered by the 8outh. I have suffered with the
South. Your sorrow has been my sorrow, and
your pain has. been my pa!n.. What you.hav?
lost, I'have lost. And what you have gained,"
he added sublimely, "I have gained!" :
He led her gently to the window. The clouds
were flying before the wind and a patch of blue
sky shone above ' the Potomnc. With his Ions
arm he pointed across the river to the south-,
cast, and as if by a. miracle a shaft of sun
light fell on the white houses of Alexandria.
, "In' the first, days of the war," he said, "a
flag flew there in sight of the place where
Geofge Washington lived and died. I used to
watch that flag, and thank God that Wash
ington had not lived to see It. And sometimes
¦^-sometimes I wondered if God had allowed it
to be put 1 in Irony'- Just there." 1 His voice
seemed to catch. ".That was wrong." he con
tinued. "I should have known that -this, was
our punishment— th.it' the sight or-lt, was my
punishment. Before we could becorrie the great
nation he. has destined us to be our ! Blns musit
be wiped out ¦ ln r blood. - You loved 'that' '.flag,
.Virginia. You love it still. I say in. all.sin
cerity may you always love it. ' May the day ,
"In"' Search of Mademoiselle," by George
Glbbs, Is a rattling historical novel, well
above the average. Mr.' Gibb3 Is a clever
artist as well as. a writer; in. fact, the Il
lustrations In the book are all his own.
Perhaps it is this artistic sense that gives
him such eloquent powers of description
and accounts for his presenting his char
acters in such picturesciue lights. Even
his villain is a devil that attracts atten
tion for his points of physical beauty.
This De Bacan is a Spaniard who would
have been an adornment as an Inquisitor
at any inquisition party of the ancient
clays. and a" man with whom none other
than the hero could cope. Kllllgrew, that
Mr. Glbbs sets against this doughty don,
Is a giant Englishman and; a foeman
worthy of his steel.
Mademoiselle, who figures as the hero
ine, Is interesting in a quiet way, but It
Is in painting men and braye deeds that
the author is at his best. She wins the
heart of Kllligrew, of De Bacan and then
of an Indian called Olotoraca. Every one
who sees her falls in love, and that gives
the motif of the story. Kllllgrew meets
her first when he saves her from De Ba
can on a captured Spanish ahlp, and with
him it is love ht first sight. Their lives
ppern thrown together, and later they find
themselves on the same ship bound for
the wilds of America. The Spaniards
massacre the French, colonists,' and Made
moiselle Is lost felght of until near the end
of the story,, when the gallant Killigrew
finally finds her in an Indian village, pro
tected by the young chief Olotoraca.
Do , Bacan and Kllligrew are enemies
from the first page, and both wish to win
Mademoiselle. The lady hates the Span
iard,' but he has made 'up his mind to
have' her love him whether or no. Both
these men are giants among. men and ex
pert In the uee of arms. They meet many
.times through the story, -and in the de-.
ecrlption of these encounters the author
Is at his best. The book is published by
Henry T. Coates & Co.,;-; 1 Philadelphia;
price $160. Tho publishers' have also Is-,
sued a very swell poster as an advertise
ment for Mr. Gibbs' story. It is a col
ored print of the hero "on guard."
Here }s an extract from,: tho last en
counter, of Killigrew with De Bacan,
which Is' characteristic of Mr. Glbbs* virile
style: . ¦'¦''•¦
" "Again! Renor Tlrato," he.reneered, with a
kind of a laugh.
"For the last time— Senor Spaniard!" I eald
approaching. ¦ - • ¦ '-
"For the last time? Ah! then you'do grant.
I am the better skilled at sword-play?"
"Let us, settle the matter at once," said I,
bringing my point into line. " ;
"One moment!" he said craftily. "When I
kill yo,u what will become of mademoiselle?"
I saw his object. He sought to unsteady my
nerves. But I only laughed at him.
"Mademoiselle is in the hands of her friends,
senor. Come now! Enough! You have your,
wind. Fall to, or I will run you through!"
I threw oft my morion to keep my brow cool.
And while in the very act of tossing it aside
he leaped for me, engaging with such incom
parable swiftness that I broke ground and gave
back- ten — twenty — paces under his fierce as
sault. But we fought on, our. eyes looking Into
each other's, glittering and more piercing even
than the swords we wielded. Shouting was
now most plainly to be heard the direction,
from which we had come. I heard Job God
dard's whistle and a cheery cry.,
"Keep him at work, sir! We are with you
in a minute!" Diego's eyes looked' over my
shoulder. \
"Unless you hurry. Don Diego." 'I said cooly
bantering him, "'there will be little time for
this exhibition of sword-play you have prom
ised me." , • -
I knew could I. get him angry that I might
have the better advantage. /
"Bah!" , he cried, furious. "Coward! you
cannot fight your battlesfor yourself."
"I am holding my own!" I smiled.
In Search "of Mademoiselle.
Letters seem to have become. quite the
vegue since the success of those semi
maudlin >, epistles, ,. "An Englishwoman's
Love Letters." Two ¦ noteworthy books
that have been" puy' forth in the corre
spondence form arid possess real merit
ure -"The \Vlslts of Elizabeth" and- "Tho
Aristocrats." Both are published by John
Lare and both make excellent reading.
"The Aristocrats" appeals more especial
ly to'resldents of New York familiar with
the club life of city, and country, as it is
an English woman's impressions gathered
by, a sojourn in the .Adirondacks. "The
Visits of Elizabeth" are letters written by
'the fair Elizabeth to her mother. They
recount her experiences and impressions
as she visits with her English and then
with her French cousins. Neither of thebe
books can .be particularly recommended
for seminary girls— but then .these fair
maids should be too busy with the class
ics for indulgence in such frivolities any
way. - " B. G. LATHROP.
¦.-.••¦ ¦ •-. ¦ — i_— • : — . . " »
take of the happiness of others. For of eucl
was 'his. happiness. ¦ ' • .
first run serially in the Century. There Is
plenty of plotting and fighting and a cer
tain freshness and vigor that make it one
of the most marked successes of the year.
The stcry is told by Felix, a lad who
leaves the country place at St. Quentln to
serve his master In Paris. The vision of
that first night in Paris is.the initial step
in the complications that are to follow.
It will give an idea of the author's versa
tility In description:
THE HELMET OF NAVARRE.
.'"Do you. still wish to Join M. le Due?" he
said.
"Father!" was all I could gasp.
"Then you shall go," he .answered. That was
not bad for an old man who had lost two
sons for Monsieur! ¦ ,
I «et out in the mprning, light of baggage,
purse and heart.' I can . tell naught of the
journey, for I heeded only that at the end of
it lay Parts. I. reached the " city one day
, at Fundown, and entered without a passport
fit the' St.' Denis gate, the warders being hardly
fo strict as Mayehne supposed. I was dusty,
footsore and hungry, in no guise to present
myself before Monsieur; wherefore I went no
farther that night -than the inn of the Amour
de D!?u. in the Rue des Coupejarrets. :
Far below my garret window lay the street —
a trench between the high, houses. Scarce eight
feet off loomed the dark wall of the house
opposite. To me, fresh from the wide woods
of St. Quent'n, it seemed the de?lre of Par!3
folk to outhuddie in closeness the rabbits in
a warren. So ingenious were they at con
triving to waste no inch of open apace that
the houses, standing at the 'base but a scant
street's width apart, ever Jutted out farther
at each story , till they looked to" be fairly
toppling together. I could see into the win
dows up and down the way; see the people
moving about within; hear opposite neighbors
call to each other. But across from my aery
were no lights and no people, for that house'
was shuttered tight from attic to "cellar, its
dark front as expressionless as a blind face.
I marveled how it came to stand empty * In
that teeming quarter.
Too tired, however,' to wonder long, I blew
out the candle and was asleep before 'I could
thut my, eyes.
1 Crash! Crash! Crash! /
I sprang out of bed in a panic, thinking
Henry of Navarre was bombarding Paris.
Then, being fully roused, I perceived that the
nolee was thunder. . . • '
From the window I peered into floods of rain.
The peals died away. Suddenly came a ter
rific lightning flash, and I cried out in aston
ishment. For the shutter cpposlte was open,
and I had a vivid vision of three . men in the
window. ®*eK3
Then all was dark again, and the thunder
shook the roof.
I stood straining my eyes Into the night,
waiting for th« next flash. When It came it
showed me the window barred as. before.
Flash followed flash; I winked the rain, from
my eyes and peered In vain. -The shutter re
mained closed as if It had never been opened.
Sleep rolled over me in a great ' wave ' as I '
groped my. way "back to bed. , ,
¦ • . ; • *
Gwendolen Overton has also a work to
her credit that Is rising every day on the
wave of popularity— "The Heritage of Un
rest." The heroine has part Apache blood,
in her veins, and It Is this ."heritage of v
unrest" about which MiEs Overton has so
Bkillf ully woven her \ story. As a strong »
For humor get "Starboard Lights," by
A. B. Hawser; Master. ."Hawser" fs really
J. W. Muller. who has written much for
the New York dailies:. His short stories
will do as well to drive away the blues as
any book of the season.
Another of the cheerful order is "The
Abandoned Farmer," by Preston. It was
reviewed at length last week, but deserves
mention in this connection, for it is too
good to miss.
If j'ou wish to change from the humor
ous to. the weirdly horrible, get a copy of
"Ezra Caine"— written to be a shurt psy
chological study of a maniac by himself.
It is uncanny enough to, occupy a place
on your library shelves next. to Poe.
For novels of dash and adventure "The
Puppet Crown," by MacGrath,
If ads them all. Its popularity Js already
immense, ana !f you are 'a library sub
scriber you will probably have to wait.
There Is an American, Carewe, In the b?ok
that by the tiive you have finished read
ing about you feel as if you had known
him all your life. Here Is a little of what
he sees and- hears at a meeting of the
students: •¦¦.-.,'.
THE PUPPET CROWN. -.
"Have we no rights aa .students? Must -we
give way to o handful of beggarly mercenar
ies? Must we submit to the outlawing of our
cuftoms and observances? ."What!" We must
not parade because the Kins? does not like to
be disturbed! And who. are the cuirassiers?"
Xobody answered. Nobody was expected tp
nnmver. "They are Frenchmen of hated mem
ory— SwUo, Prussians, with Austrian officers.
Ar« we or are we not an Independent stat»?
If independent, shall we stand by and see our
personal liberties restricted? .No! I say no!'
'.'Let us petition to ouet these vampires, who
not only rob un of our innocent .amusements,
but who are fed by our tax»s. What right had
Vuitrla to dictate our politics? . What right
had *h<» to disavow the blood and give us these
Oelans? O. my brothers, where are the days
of Albrecht III of glorious memory?- He ac
knowledged our rights. He was our lawful
pnvetTlgn. He understood and loved us." This
hurst of «rntlm«nt was slightly exaggerative.
If the history of Vhat monarch is to b« relied
on: but the audienrs was mightily pleased
with this recollection. I It served to add, to their
dletetr.per ;.rnl wrath against the.Ostan pup-
I*t. "Anil where are our • own 'soldiers, the
eolrtlprs of the kingdom?. Molderlng"; away -in
the barracks, unnoticed and* forgotten. For
the flrrt time In the. history of ; the country
foreigners patrol the palaces. Our soldiers are
nobodies. Th*y hold no office at court save
that of marshal, and h!» voice is naught.' Yet
the brunt of the soldiers' life falls on the'iiv
They watrh at the frontiers, tireless and vigi
lant, while the mercenaries riot and play.
Brothers, the time has come for us to act.
The army is vlth us and so are the citizens.
L«et ours be the glory of touching the match.
We are brave and competent. We are drilled.
We lack not courage; Let us secretly arm and
watch for the opportunity to strike a blow
f cr our rights. Confusion to the Otfiahs, and
may the Duchess soon come Into her own!"
He jumped from the stage and 'another took
Kis place; the haranguing w3nt on. The ora
tors were serious and earnest; they believed
themselves to be patriots, pure and simples.
when in truth they ¦were experiencing th?
same spirit of revolt as the boy whose mother
had whipped him for making an unnecessary
noise, or stealing into the buttery.
•••' • . • • ' , ' - • ¦
Another novel on this order is "The
Helmet of Navarre," by Bertha Runkle.
This is Miss Runkle's first book. It was
FOR the reader of modern literature,
he who dins a little into the books
Of the day as well as keeps up a
speaking acquaintance with the pood
old S or the past, the season thus.
far has afforded many works In whose
company a few hours of the midsummer
may be spent to advantage. It is not my
Intention to mention all of these, but to
give an idea of the contents of a few that'
are to be recommended to different class.es
of readers. < .,
The navy has been well taken care of.
Twp notable instances are '"A Sailor's
Loar " bv "Ffehtlnir" Rob Rvanm and the
tM^ - ! * -wit f^
brW«rTM/l.T^' °
.«; v JF » ,' * LacI , a >- , ' „
A Sailors Log -was given a full page
in The Call some weeks ago. . Robley D.
Evans Is not only a good sailor' but he
is a g-ood story-teller and his^anecdotes
appeal to the landsman as ' well as the
lover or follower cf the sea.' If you are
at all interested in such matters it is the
one book of the year— or, for that matter,
of many years— that you should have..
and the hour* that he had lain there In the
bushes unconscious and uncared /or. there was
the *reatest diversity of opinion as to what h"ad
really 8aved hIs P'* 1 , ,, ,. . , vm
J^P^SS^lSi^vS^^
wo * k P on .; New Enstand farm had siren to the
youn(r man . H ls mother believed that he had
b ecn spared for her sake. Heber'Smlth himself
always said it was his mother's care, that saved
his life, while Juan never had the, least doubt
'that the younp soldier had been protected sole
ly by a marvelous ••anting antinp". v/hich he
himself had slipped unsuspected into the Amer
|«" soldier's blouse that day. before he had
left nlm - As s r on as Fne knew that her 8On
would live. Mrs.' Smith started for Warhinston.
Wr > ln * ; ' thh " erS WhlCh made H P - S °
plble for her to be allowed to plead her cage
thfre a¥ she had p i eade(J it tn Manila. A par
don W8S scnt baclC| as fast as w ire and steamer
aIu j w j re a^aln could convey it. Heber Smith
wears the uniform of a second lieutenant now.
won for bravery In action since he went back
into the 8ervlce;,.and every one who knew her
In the Philippines cherishes the memory of
Mrs, Hannah Hmith.^nurse. ~^.\ "> .-. -
• • • .?* .!'! x
The third volume of Maclay's "History
of the Navy" Includes Tall the episodes of
the Spanish war— the first opportunity we
really had of trying our new ships and
guns. -'As a history of this period it is the
best on the market. 1 The adverse criti
cisms, of the book all seem to center on
the author's treatment of Schley. Mr.
Maclay certainly raises his voice against
the admiral as far. as the Santiago sea
fight Is concerned, and therefore has been
accused of partisanship— *n unfortunate
accusation in the case of a historian.
If you have the time— and money, for
the price is rr 50— it would be worth your
while to read "China and the Allies.;' by
Henry Savage I>andor. 'published by the.
Scribners. Mr. Lander was there all dur
ing the trouble, camtra in band— writing
and taking pictures as, fast as mortal
could. .He is an experienced writer and
though the book may seem rather padded
at times, it is a pleasant kind of padding.
The roost unique part of his book 13 the
comparative study he makes of the sol
diers of different nationalities at the loot
ing of Tientsin. , * •
A book on the Boer trar that is also
unique in its way is "Blue Shirt and
Khaki." by James J. Archibald. It may
not foe generally known, by the wav.
though the news has been forth in
newspaper circles for some time, that Mr.
Archibald is to stay with us on this coast.
He has accepted the managing: editorship
of the Over'and Monthly. • .
In "Blue Shirt and Khaki" the author
has made a comparison of Ame/ican and
English soldiers in the field that gives th«
book a distinction over all the many books
that have appeared on English-Boer af
fairs.
BLUE SHIRT AND KHAKI.
No honor Is too creat to render to the., mer.
who gn out to flight, whether they tw rejjularw
or volunteers. The wae« th^y receive wmild
not. nay any man at home to undertake h-alf
eo hazardous a task. Within two years t
h'a\-e hod the opportunity of seein* the work
of fovr different armies In the field, fighting
for what they thoupht was right. Amwic
th r «f four- Spaniards. British. Boers and
AmericanF— can be found a curious vtriety of
methods of warfare, and there J« muck that
fcfi* never been told.
The common «o!dler« of every land are
brave; Jt Is but a question of leaders, methods
and numbers that decides which will be vic
torious, for losing or winning they ehow much
the nme valcr. Nothing could be more mag
nificent nor reflect more credit on the men o£
Fnain than the manner in which tttey me!
defeat at El Caney, at Santiago and on thi
sea* in the conflicts with Sampson and Dewey.
They went down in defeat in a way that won
the admiration of every soldier and sailor In
the American army, and navy: they were
brave, dlrmlfied and courteous at all times,
even the rank «nd file.
The fighting methods of the Boers and the
Americans are very similar, and If the Boers
¦were trained in military tactics their military
character would be almost identical with that
of our troops. They possess the came natural
instinct of- a hunter to keep under cover that
our men have, and their methods during: an
advance are the Fame. The British army has
jUEt taken its first lessoa In this sort of work,
and although it has been a costly one. it will
pay in the end. and it is England's great good
fortune that ehe did not have a powr'ul
European foe for a tutor instead of the two
little republics whr.w entire male population
would rot make a good-sired army corps.
• • •
A book that j>ossesses the double value
of imparting both pleasure and informa
tion is "The Ways of the Service," by
Frederick Palmer. These short stones
give fine, strorg pictures of army and
navy life and are cood for two hours of
very enjoyable reading. The drawings, by
Christy, make it one of the best Illustrated
fictions of the year. %':*<
A collection cf short stories of similar
vein is one just from the press of Small,
Maynard & Co., Boston, called "Anting-
Anting," by Sargent Kayme. Anting-ant
lng is a term applied by the Filipinos to
anything that is considered a mascot or
charm. Some of the stories, turn upon
these talismans for their climax; all of
them deal with some phase of life in the
Philippines. The following is taken from
"Mre. Hannah Smith. Xurse": ; . - .
AJCTING-AXTING STORIES. '
"Read It!" Ehe raid. "Thank God!" and'
then. "My boy! My boy!" and hid her face
"Dear mother." the scrawled note read.
"I got your letter. I'm clad you wrote It.
It made things plain I hadn't seen before. My
chance has come — quicker than I had expected.
I wish I might have seen you again, but I
Fhan't. A column of our men are coming up
the valley Just below here, marching etralght
into an ambush. I have tried t© get word to
them, but I can't, because the T»paloKs watch
me to close. They never have trusted me. The
only way for roe Is to rueh out when T the men
get near enough, and shout to them, and that
will be the end of it all for we. I "don't care,
only thet I wish I could se« yo» again. Juan
¦will take this letter to you. W>cn you ret it,
•nd the men come back. If I «ave them, I
think perhaps they will clear my name. Then
you can go home.
"The men are almost her*. Mother, dear.
Brood-by. .; TOUR BOY.".
"I wish I mljtht have «»en him," the woman
Mid. a little later. "But 1 won't complain.
What I rooet prayed Go4 for has been granted
me."
"They'll let the charge- egaimt him drop;
now. won't they? Don't you think he has
earned It?"
"I tbink he purely han, Xo braver deed has
been done !n this war.**
"Don't try to com*, low, Mrs. Smith,", as
the nurse ro*e to her f«K« "Stay here, and I
will Mend one of the women to you." ;
When he had done this the officer went back
to where the men were ctlll holding Juan be
tween them. ¦
"Tour journey is ehort»r than. you thought,"
the officer paid to the Tag«log. "Mrs. Smith
!¦ In this ramp, and I liave given the letter
to her."
"May I nee her?" exclaimed the man.
"ICot now. In the morning you may.. Have
you reen this man, her con, since he was
.ehot r
"No. aenor. Ht gave me tb« note and told me
to elip into the forest an noon as the fight be
gan, no as to get away without any one seeing
me. Then I was to stay out of the way until
I could get into this camp."
"Do you know where he stood when he was
ehot?" •
"Tea, senor."
"Can you take a party of men there to
nlchtr*
"Yea. senor: meet gladly." ¦ • V-!-- /'
, Afterward, when It came to be known that
Heber Smith would live, In eplte of his wounds
THB( SUNDAY C&lrL:
• .•. . *
4
BOOK REVIEWS
AND LITERARY CHAT
8A.\ FUANCISCO.
126 POST STREET,
Prices are always In the
Reading Notices,
ROBERTSON'S,
ON THIS PAGE
Xan Be Obtained at
The Books Reviewed
A. M. ROBERTSON.moved on and disappeared around a
curve in the road. She shivered sllGht'.y
as she thought of him. It may have been
that «there swept across her a fore
shadowing of what the future held in
store.
The gift of a dog, even of one so very
valuable as Nero, ought, not result 'n
crime; yet this simple, transaction, willful
on the part of the dog. purely whimsical
with the girl, and to a large extent cheer
ful on the part of Antone, l«d up to a
murder which startled the community
and developed one of the most remarkable
trials in the history of crime in California.
Not more than three months after the
incident at the Mission el Carmelo, Dolo
res Aguirre and Robert Blair were made
husband and wife. ¦" ', ¦
Thereafter for nearly six months in the
year Blair's duties as mining .engineer
took' him away from home, and as his
trips were^generally in the roughest por
tions of the mining districts the wife was
left much to herself. —
The pair were settled comfortably in one
of the less fashionable sections of Oakr'
land and after three year's two children
had come, to occupy the time and add to
the cares of the young mother. . . '
Nero was her constant companion and
the children were his especial care. Hap
piness, as happiness goes, certainly found
a niche here and. undisturbed, remained.'
After a time, however, strange' storios
reached \ the ears of . Mrs. j Blair, and - one
day a lady, elegantly dressed, alighted
from a carriage at her door "and brought 1
misery in her train. ' * ¦ .
Her visit was at once an accusation, a
condemnation j and a , curse. ; JjjHefly, Blair
was not Blair; he was ifct a mining engi
neer; he did not spend six months of the
year in the mining districts. . j
He was Robert Thorpe; had jbeen. for
years a resident . of Oakland.* married for
years, and his absences from Mrs. Blair
were the periods he passed with his
legitimate spouse in a costly residence on
East Oakland Heights. " , ¦
This is the .skeleton of what Mrs.
Thorpe brought, but when. she. had
clothed it in words it' was a horrible vul
ture of blackest cruelty destined forever
to flap its uncanny wings before this
broken-hearted woman and cry her
.Mrs.. Thorpe- classed her. among the
abandoned of her sex, who had lured an
honorable man to -his undoir/g— flaunted
her* own virtue and her/sister's " outcast
condition In words of hatred|*and* fire be
fore the blunted,^blasted imagination of
this ' poor sufferer , until at last ' the' woman
within her finding its powers of self-as
sertion,' she 'rose, majestic as a queen,
and through her proud eyes gleamed and
blazed the fire of a long life of unsullied
purity as she cried, "Go, fiend,' for you
are not human, or I will kill you.".
Through the doorway, as Mrs. Thorpe
hastened ' herv exit, ; there floated back to'
the woman without a name, as she heard
the prattle of her j children In the yard,
one . word ¦ that broke her- heart—"bas
tard" — that was. all. , . >*'-, ¦"•;¦
But ofttlmes the condition" that breaks
the heart of a woman will. temper it like
steel." It^was so with Dolores Blair. -
A man, when his mad folly and .passion
have caused him to spread havoc in a
happy life, . breaks into tears and protes
tations of future penance, but. all the
tears and all the penance of a life as long
as..that of 'Methusaleh can' never dispel
the shadow that hovers about a blasted
faith. ; : /• >>; jv
That night Blair visited the home .which
he had wrecked. What passed;' within
those walls which had known so much of
happiness, it were better not to record.
He had come prepared to ¦ make \ such
amends a ji lay within his power. He. had
executed In her name deeds of valuable
property and. policies: of life insurance,
fully paid.: •
As he qultted,her presence he replaced
these papers..in^his inner pocket,* saying
that he ' would taks 1 them to oe placed on
record and put in safe -keeping. Then ha
went out Into. the night. V ,. ' ' . ..
Hl3 custom had. always been to cross a
vacant lot' in -going to the business, por
tion of the city and to this place : Nero
had ' always . accompanied him" and thence
returnedhome. - * ¦
To-night; however,' the dog did not join
him. Even the brute avoided * his com
panionship! This night, as -usual, he tra
versed the vacant square. ,• • He ' never
emerged from it alive. ' ' . ' ¦"'. ;'..;
Some hours later a patrolman found him
lying, : his spine broken and his jaws'. wide
open, his eye's' staring with. horror. '•¦';.
As Blair entered .the square the officer
had seen a . woman ; crossing :' the street
toward him. .Aside from this there .was'
little' clew, save ¦ that ; in the dead man's
mouth there .were some shreds of cloth,
torn from a garment in the effort of the
murderer to stifle his victim's cries..
The doctors attributed the death to suf
focation, claiming that the spine must
have been broken as the man fell..
( When the Coroner's jury was called At
torney George Daer, sitting in his office,
received a note from Mrs.. Blair request
ing him -to call. He was /accustomed to
criminal cases and doubtless his reputa
tion-had. been the reason of her selection
of , him. , '
He found -Mrsi. Blair with her children
at home. She stated that, she had -heard
it said . she would be held for the murder
of her husband." This wasnews'to Daer;'
he had not known that a breath of sus
picion pointed toward her.
She recounted what had transpired the
day and the night of the murder. Daer
questioned her carefully. 'As she proceed
ed in the narration of events. Daer began
to wish she had not 'called him into the
case, but now and again as he looked into
the depths of her wonderful eyes he' told
himself, that, she had had nothingito do
with the' crime, and he would defend her.
She", told" him* about the; papers. Curi
ously, enough, when the body was found
there were no papers in the pockets, ex
cept a few business cards, some hearing
the name. of Blair and some' that of
Thorpe. .
'', This reference to the' papers aroused in
Daer a -fresh - train of ; thought. ;. If Mrs.
Blair ,was interested In- securing the pa
pers, Mrs. Thorpe was equally interested
in obtaining possession of them.
¦ This opened up a' field of speculation Im
plicating other parties and 'might lead to
important results. ; •..,.-.¦
She was positive of the fact that Blair
had placed the . papers, in < his. inner coat
pocket • and : had buttoned' the /garment
closely.' v . -\ .-"'''.• ".«•''¦-.
\ Daer; thought it; remarkable that . a
woman", suffering ' under the severe", blow
which had I fallen' upon her should note
these 'details, i but 'i made np audible com
ment .\A.t this juncture, how
ever,: something .transpired which 5 shook
the attorney's faith to its, foundations.
'Nero, nosing around a rug on theflOQr
near .where Mrs. Blair was seated, un
covered a bundle of .papers and getting
them in his mouth brought, them to his
mistress. ; . • * ¦ £ : .' '¦'*; -' ' . 1
,The parcel contained the'deeds and poli
cies. The. papers were slightly, torn at the
end and on the outer portion . ot one of
them blood stains were distinctly.notice
able. ' ' / •>• ' '¦¦-'¦
The attorney rammed -his hands down
into; his pockets nervously, and, j rising,
paced back and forth in the'small apart
ments. -. \". '." .-."¦''¦ ¦ " ¦"•. '¦-.
He was greatly disturbed this time, and
if Mrs. Blair felt that .any suspicions' re
garding herself were finding their way
into hi3 ponderings over the case sh\ gave
no outward sign, • ¦'¦•: ; j i •.-..; - . jjj • .;¦"
He thought best to take the parcel -with
him. When he had concluded his visit
he realized, that he had' been retained in
a case which was not entirely to his lik
ing:. : - : '¦ ,.*•- - *''"v': /v.--. -
Uptown he met an officer on his way to
Mrs. Blair's residence. ' Oh. the flndlngis of
the Coroner's jury a warrant had been
issued for his client's detention. .'
The facts that came out at the . trial
afterward were few, in addition i to ! what
have already been recorded, j The cwatch
man. passing the house that evening, had
heard high words and muffled' protesta
tions—the former from a .woman, , the
latter in a man's voice.
' He distinctly heard './; threats.;, to' \ kill
uttered by Mrs. Blair, whom hg, judged" to'
be In an overwrought coridlUon. '/•:,'
When Blair . left the " house : the officer
saw him enter the vacant* lot, > and. at
almost the same time sawia woman who,
from her height and general 'appearance,
he felt certain' was Mrs. -Blair, 'enter 'the
lot about; midway of theblorteJ '; •.-
As* Blair had - been, walking slowly .and
"dejectedly with his. face. bent toward the
ground., it would have been/; possible^ for
Mrs., Blair to reach the;, lot:;- by going
through a narrow alleyway which "trav
ersed the block opposite, her -home. :- v
¦ Again, the shreds of 'cloth -found lhHhe
mouth of the murdered man' .were >6f >. the
same material as that. in; a, cast-off dress
of Mrs. Blair's from which, a fragment
had been cut or torn. ¦•';..; ••..•;-:. -,
Opposed to this Attorney Daer had noth
ing to offer except the; testimony > of ' his
client as to her whereabouts thateven
\ ing, j and as he appreciated- ¦'¦ the' -evident
hopelessness of, his case he^jjrepared^hls
argument to' appeal' to the' sympathies' of
the jury in an effort to secure. a;, verJict
of justifiable homicide:-.. '" -; r ../:/- * . -
At the last moment, however, a .messen
ger came in and laid a note-upbri his tnble
which drew from him rf muffled, exclatna- .
tion. It was from , his law partner .'and
read: "Secure an adjournment until:; ; to-'
morrow.-I • am - on -the -.track : of v the , mur
derer of Thorpe." ¦ ¦ ; '£/'j ' 3 \ ': *
v .The '.spectators In . the . courtroom ¦ were
overwhelmed .with curiosity, to learn ; what
had changed Attorney Daer from a'cqndi
lllori of apparent despair to one of extreme
elation. .' Daer. asked for- an'. adjournment
until the following; clay i and f secured. . ~ it.
Then he hurried from"; the courtroom.' ~
That' night he and: sleep. /were istrangiers.
When court convened the next^day^tht^e
was a crowd of spectators. ; Inland about
the place where the witness-box had: been
there had in the night been erected a i3Ub
stantial platform.'; - * V , ' " ';.*'?•'
¦ .This aroused the curiosity of every J one
to the utmost. When the case of the Peo
ple, vs.; Blair was called Attorney '.Daer
addressed , the court and Jury. -He said:
/.•The establishment '. of/ innocence oft
times hangs on 'the merest *. thread; of.
cHance. To-day, more' than 'at any period
of my life, this has appealed to me -with
the greatest force. Yesterday I felt that
I was defending a wronged but not an in
nocent woman. To-day, thank God. I
know that my plea establishes the integ
rity of a ¦woman both wronsed and inno
cent. I have the murderer In custody and
am here to-day to produce him, for it wa3
not a woman who committed that abhor
rent crime. I shall produce him upon this
platform- He has not confessed, but be
fore you I shall force from him a con
fession which shall carry with it to you
the absolute conviction of its truth. Let.
the Senor Antone Vitale be called." "
"Antone . Vitale." When Mrs. Blair
heard the name her thoughts flew back
over the years to that day at the old Car
mel Mission, and as there came back to ]
her a flood of memories of her girlhood,
days—days which the recent shame and*
sorrow and degradation had driven out oC
her thought— she burst into tears. In
stinctively she placed her. hand on Nero' 3
head, where he crouched at her feet.
Of a sudden she forgot the wrongs her
husband had inflicted upon her, and wait
ed with a feeling of intense horror for the
appearance of his murderer.
There was a commotion and a tense
movement about the door of the court
room, when Antone Vitale walked through
the throng in the company of the Sheriff
and stepped on the platform before the
Judge and jury. His face •was. calm and
self-satisfied until, as he looked about the
room, his glance alighted upon Mrs. Blair,
her eyes seeming to burn into his very
soul.
His face flushed suddenly and then grew
deathly pale. He realized that that look
told him the woman was looking upon the
slayer of her husband.
Vitale was dressed in a short corduroy
coat and knee breeches, having very much
the appearance of a bicycle suit.
From a parcel he carried he took a slen
der bar of iron, and with the straps at
tached at either end he fastened it about
his shoulders "and waist. It was thus
placed extended along his spine.
He had not spoken a word. Attorney
Daer had not asked a question. The audi
ence whispered, "He is deaf 7 and dumb."
He proceeded with his plans methodical
ly. He placed a mask over his face. It
was made • of ¦ wire closely woven and
strong as- a baseball mask.
The spectators and jury whispered,
"The man Is crazy." V
These preparations completed. Vital©
stepped backward to the center of the
platform "and emitted a peculiar, pene
trating, low whistle. ¦
, From the prisoner's box there rang
forth a horrible cry and on the- instant
the spectators saw the great mastiff leap
from his mistress' side and rush toward
Vitale.
As he neared the man the latter stepped
aside, else the momentum had thrown
him to the floor. Then Nero turned
fiercely, reared on his hind legs and
threw his right foreleg clear around Vi
tale's body, the left foreleg ¦ being bent
and pressed against' the mask.
About 'this leg there was tied a piece of
cloth. Then was presented one of the
mo3t k thrilling, dramas ever witnessed by
an Expectant throng. Back and forth,
here and there, across the stage this man
and Drute struggled in desperate en
counter. The dog. "muzzled at all times
by "order of the court, could not inflict
any injury with his teeth.. so the struggle
presented merely* a test of strength and
endurance.
Af^er a few minutes Vitale's left arm
was thrown upward in a frantic, appeal
ing gesture for help, and at that moment
the Judge, forgetting the digr.i ' of his
office. | rising from . his chair, cried excit
edly,''.'My God! .That flog is the murderer
of Robert Thorpe!"
¦ When Vitale, v^as rescued from the
steel-like grip of the big: brute* he fell* to
the: floor in a -faint, from which. h»
shortly recovered. ;
The people then saw why he had mad*
use "of the iron bar. It had been bent by
the force of the dog's powerful foreleg so
that it pressed against Vitale's spine and
in. an Instant more would have resulted
in his death. _ The mask. too. presented a
crushed appearance, \and on some of the
broken wires were sNisnended shreds of
the cloth which had been fastened to the
animal's leg.'
..The jury had no need to be polled for a
verdict.. The Judge. had told the story oi
the crime. HOWARD R. HURLBUT.
thus far had evaded those bonds wherein
man is said to give hostages to fortune.
This girl, however, struck his fancy by
her singular type of beauty. It lay in the
easy grace of her posture, the nonchalant
air cf her personality, the impenetrable
depth of her eyes. Her features were reg
ular, but without the lustrous glow of
these ver^ invLUng eyes she would have
fallen short of being more than ordinarily
attractive.
Antone caid to himself that ehe was
very beautiful, and then he asked her to
accept Nero a* a gift,
This time he did not ask her to go away
out of slgrbt. *o out of pure contrariness,
he thought, ehe laughed again and thank
ed him and turned and walked into the
mission, Nero following with a disdainful
glance at the perturbed countenance of
his former master, .- •'-fv^i . :
This naturally was very disappointing
for Antone. byt he could not wait Just
now to pursuft the bent «f his fancy.' It
was necessary for Wra to go on to.Monte
rey to arrange for his"' exhibition that
night and the : next, so he climbed on
the teat of his wagon, whipped up his
horse and drove any 4 Of course, he in
tended to come back between whileV and
seek her out- Jt never struck him that
dog shows were not considered high class
entertainments and thai possibly his call
ing might be-». bar to progress In affairs
of the heart with h€j\ Granddame3 in
his own country had showered on him.un
mistakable favor*. Why might not tbis
Finally Antone sighed despairingly and
appealed to the girl to go away out of
eight. 6he looked up and laughed— one of
those enticing* mirthful . laughs which
caused him to desire Its repetition.
Antone had had numerous "affairs," but
ing dignity as he walked off the stage.*
The next town at which he stopped he
essayed to repeat the performance, hav
ing escaped so easily at the first, but the
paternal guardian of the canine troupe
gave him such an ugly squeeze with his
teeth that Antone deemed it advisable not
to press matters, and abandoned the act.
To-day he had reached within a few
miles of Monterey, was approaching the
old Mission el Carmelo, when Nero
bounded out of the wagon and ran to
ward a young ffirl seated on a rude bench
near the entrance. When the dog reached
her he lay down at her feet with every
appearance of contented devotion, and all
the coaxings or threateniags of his mas
ter failed to affect him.
r"V ERTAINLY fate was disposed to
I f be fickle nnd. in a measure, un-
I l*\ kind to the Scnor Antone Vltale.
j^ For weeks and weeks he had met
, . ; everywhere with unvarying euc
ceps, his large troupe of trained dogs had
attracted overflowing houses and he had
begun to feel that he might snap his
fingers at fate.
Possibly that is why he was forestalled.
At Santa Barbara his three big mastiffs
had shown their teclh for the first time
in their lives, as if they weren't at all dis
inclined to proceed - further than a mere
exhibition. It had come about in this
wise: The three dogs were of one family
— father and mother and son. They were
not great trick dogs, but were bo very
¦ beautiful that every one said it was worth
the price of admission just to see them
walk across the stage.
On this particular evening Nero, the
Fon. proved refractory and Antone, who
may have lingered too long over his din
ner and wine with one of Santa Barbara's
dark-haired senoritas. forgetting that he
had never dared correct these animals)
with a whip, raised his short riding whip
menacingly. Before he had time to ad
minister a blow both the older dogs flew
at him and he was thrown to the floor so
violently as to render him well-nigh
senseless.
At first the audience gasped with fright
over the onslaught, but when they saw
that the dogs only held the trainer down
as they glared in his face, and did not
attempt to bite him, they took it to be a
regular feature of the programme and
Btraightway applauded vociferously.
The Senor Antone was brave, but this
attack had frightened him not a little. He
realized, however, what a good piece of
-acting it inunt appear to the audience
and resolved to add It to his repertoire.
He gradually released himself and rose
to his feet, bowing his acknowledgments,
th« three dogs following him with becom-
Many times since then • she had won
dered If he really had thought she was In
danger or If It had been merely a ruse
of his to form her acquaintance. '.- Of
course, later on as. their acquaintance
ripened he had always protested^against
that interpretation of his ' actions and
finally he had told her that she had be
come indispensable to his happiness. „'¦
Suddenly as she stood stroking the dog
and communicating her worries to him,
Nero growled and the girl drew back, not
understanding his threatening attitude.
She glanced over her shoulder and taw
her lover-entering/ the mission portal.
Turning she looked past him through ihe
doorway and on . the rise .of the hill
toward Del Monte, she saw that Antone
had stopped his horse and 'appeared to be
regarding this ".fresh /Arrival curiously.
Even as she looked .the dog trainer
He exclaimed that he thought her horse
was beyond her control and j running
away and of course here was nothing for
him to do but just what had been done.
Then she burst into a gale of irresistible
laughter over the absurdity of it all, and
walking to where her horse waited pa
tiently for her, she mounted, touchedher
whip to her tall hat and laughed as she
rode away.
Then, recovering from her astonish
ment, she asked what it all meant, as she
looked up at the handsome elderly indi
vidual who had dismounted and placed
her on her feet
It was here that she had met her lover.
It could hardly be called a "meeting."* It
was an overtaking. Her horse was gal
loping at his best down near the Chinese
Camp, where the ocean surge is loudest
after one emerges from the forest, when
ehe heard a clatter of hoofs behind her
and a voice calling out, "Be brave,"
then a strong arm thrown around her
waist and herself lifted from the saddle
before she realized what was happening,
while her horse, released so suddenly from
the burden of his rider, slowed down and
came to a ready halt as any well trained
thoroughbred might.
She was as much at home in the saddle
as a trained rider could be and every inch
of the famous Seventeen Mile Drive,
through the grounds at Del Monte and
Pacific Grove, and the long avenue, of
pines and Cypress Point and Pebble
Beach was so familiar that she felt 'were
she an artist she could sketch a, perfect
and enchan£ing panorama of its Inviting
length from memory. ¦
Yesterday she had been the recipient
of an offer of marriage and to-«lay was
to give her answer in this very spot sa
cred to her from earliest childhood. She
knew every nook and corner of the old
structure as familiarly as the walls of her
own home, and before the old altar rail
she stood a little while pondering over
her own inclinations in the matter of
marriage.
The man in the case was certainly a
desirable partner, all things considered,
but she disliked to relinquish her own in
dependence, and as she stood in the mis
sion she stroked Nero's massive head and
told him all her perplexing doubts.
Possibly had the girl quite understood
Antone's peculiar disposition she might
not have laughed when he asked her to
go away and might have refused the gift
of even so magnificent a specimen of
caninlty as Nero, but she wa.s burdened
with other thoughts of graver import this
day and the advent of Nero was a relief
to her while that of Antone was not.
That was why she entered the old mis
sion and disappeared, glad to 'escape the
further attention whose .approach she
saw heralded in Vitale's eyes.
So, being: rid of a refractory and unap
preclativ'e dog, Antone whistled cheerily
as he took a look back at the half ruined
structure, which hid from view a maid
who was to have a distinct influence on
his future.
¦ His generosity ha-1 coBt htm a pretty
penny, for it had been often remarked
that Nero's pedigree equaled that of the
oldest haughty hidalgo of Spain, but
somehow the troublous depths of those
lustrous eyes and the recollection of. that
special feature of his programmeAvhich
failed of reproduction caused him to view
the matter with a feeling of gratification
and relief.
bit of California femininity be proud to
pay him homage?
THE 5 :¦ SUN DAY C A LL.
5
FOR LOVE OF A
WOMANiTJ^stiyPAYffCALL/;; ,
How the Smokers Show
Their Characteristics
sure, many luminous little hints may be
gathered. You see a man stuff his bowl
quickly and lavishly, letting loose threads
of tobacco dangle over the brim while he
applies the match; if he be not good na
tured, generous to < a fault, careless, indo
lent, quick to make friends, quick to for
get them, I*shall be much astonished. One
notices men very often taking their cigars
from an upper pocket .''.into'
which they have . been stuffed. •; Tpo .poo'r.
to buy. themselves "a cigar, case?. Not a
bit of it, but too untidy to keep one or too
lazy to arrange their, cigars into one. And
the same men almost invariably _ bite, the
tips off their, cigars, instead .of using a
penknife or a cigar clipper^-a shocking
habit that not merely fills the mouth .with
tobacco grit, but disarranges ; the : outer
leaf, often spoiling an otherwise excellent
smoke. The~ci gar once happily prepared for
A MAN may possess a most secretive
nature, he may have a face as des
titute. «t meaninsr as a stone wall
and a manner of speech absolutely
non-committal; but watch him over his
cigarette; note his manner of holding It
between his. lips or his fingers; see how
he puffs the smoke out of his mouth,- what
he does *rfth the ash, if he consumes the
cigarette to a mere slump or throws it
away half finished, and, sure as fate, you
will read his character like a book. Cigar
ette, I said, for a. cigarette and a cigar In
a lesser degree are much better character
revealers than a pipe. A man "sticks a
pipe into" the side of his mouth and puffs
uway, and there's an end of it. You dis
cover, next to nothing unless,' indeed; he
happens, to puff very violently, which is a
certajn indication of a nervous, irritable
temper. From the filling of a pipe, to be
the best orchestra of the world.
What Is, -perhaps,' less intelligible to a
.layman Is the rapidity with which a musi
cian can score his compositions for each
instrument of a large orchestra, writing
down his notes with almost llghtnlnsr
rapidity. As he writes he can hear tho
orchestra? In fufl swing, and knows exactly
the part he must assign to each Instru
ment In producing the general effect, with
all Its delicacies of "light and. shade."
The. scoring is. the drudgery of a com
poser's working life, and to some men it
Is very irksome, while others, like the
late Sir Arthur Sullivan, perfectly r«»vel
In it. He performed prodigies- in it. often
working at it for a dozen hours at * a
stretch, and producing an amount of work
which would take most men as many
days. ( ,
You may take it for granted that, just
as a clever artist can see the complete
picture in his mind's eye before he puts a
brush to his canvas, a composer who. Is
worthy of the name 'can hear hia complet
ed composition, as he scores It as lully
and accurately, as when It bursts on tho
car of the public— London T^t-Elta.
THERE are t few things, said a well
known musician, about which there
is so 'much popular .misconception as
the*, way. in much music is com
posed. There are, I believe, thousands of
people , wti'£ are firmly convinced that a
•musical. compos£ion : is laboriously built
up .with the, help of a* piano or other in
strument^ and a lew sheets of paper on
which^ the notes are. jotted down as they
are found.'. ;
Nothing could be really wider of the
truth; for the man who cannot compose
without the aid of an. instrument has cer-
Uainly^: mistaken nis profession. In fact,
if you were to shut a musician in a white
washed, cell and give him a ¦pencil, he
could write his composition on the walls
with as much facility as if he were sur
rounded by all the ".musical facilities you
can conceive. * . " ¦ J. •¦"-- s.
Much of the best work of a friend of
niine has been done in trains or on omni
buses', .the motion ' of which somehow
seems to furlsh the 'necessary inspiration;
and the music, . as it comes to him, is
jotted, down on the -.backs of envelopes or
any. odds and ends of paper he may have
in his pocket. • I -' ' "I,"
There Is scarcely any condition you can
,imaglne under which gopd < music has no£
/been written; and I need scarcely tell you
that the - composer can judge its effect
Just' as well as if he heard It played by
A; friend of mine told me tha.ta very
popular composition of his, which Is' a
great favorite with all music lovers, can-e
tohim while trying to listen to a dreary
sermon, and was jotted downon'the blank
leaves of his prayer book.
; Mr. Chevalier wrote both words and
music of "My Old Dutch" with the light
of street, lamps as he was walking' one
wet, wintry evening to Islington. My own
happiest Inspiration came to meat Vaux
hall station, when I was waiting for- my
daughter to arrive from Southampton;
and -I am you can't Imagine any
more uninspiring environment than that.
Sir-Arthur Sullivan used to work under
every possible condition. % He could com
pose as fluently in a crowded room, tak
ing part in the conversation at interval?,
as in his own study. Much of. the best
and brightest music was written In bed
between paroxysms of pain; and "The
Lost Chord" came to him when he was
watching by the bedside. of his brother.
The Many Peculiarities
of the Great Composers
. A man .of determined character, ener
getic,, pugnacious,, impatient, .often, be
trays himself by giving his cigar an- up
ward tilt while consuming it— a favorite
method with' the "Yankee, to whom the
above epithets are distinctly applicable.
The contemplative, dreamy individual will
let it droop toward his chin: while level
headed persons— and fortunately, they
form the 'vast majority— hold. theirs hori
zontally. ; Naturally insolent people fre
quently' omit to remove the cigar ,: front
their mouths when speaking to you. while
others of a '. sullen,:, brooding disposition
chew the end into horrible pulp. .And is
there anything' more 7 eloquent , of stingi
ness than the habit," largely indulged in by
Germans, of "sticking the stump of a cigar
.on the small blade of, a penknife and'con
suming it-until the glow. almost touches
the lips?— The Royal Magazine.;- 1
The majority of men hold their cigars
with the front teeth and puff the smoke
out on either side of it. A large mino'nty
hold them in the corner of the "mouth, 'so
that if you happen to be walking behind
them on a dark night you catch sight of
the glowing end protruding just below the
ear. Others, again— and these, as a rule,
are persons of vivacious temperament—
seldom keep their cigars 'for two consecu
tive-moments between their ¦•' lips. They
take a few puffs, and then the cigar is
given a rest between finger r and thumb.
smoking, observe how your man holds it
between his teeth. But slay! The opera
tion of lighting has also its interest. The
tobacco epicure grips his cigar not merely
with his teeth when applying the match,
but with the linger and thumb of his left
hand also, and between every third .putf
draws the weed from his mouth and ex
amines .tho glowing end, in order to make
sure that it has been' ignited equally all
round. ¦ * * • .
coin. Almost a score of watchmen guard
the treasure-house day and night. Half
the little army go on day duty, and the
remainder watch through, the silent
hours. The, latter division is divided into
two squads, one to partol outside the
building, the other ' to keep an eye on
things within. They .'are. riaced at sta
tions on the different floors, and each has
a beaten path to wander over every half
hour. At the end of his beat he notifies
the doorkeeper that "All's well! 1 .' by ring
ing a gong. When the man at the door
fails to hear the signal he causes an in
vestigation to be made, i ,
A system of alarms all over the" build
ing is available night ana day, and is used
only when every one should be notified of
some trouble at a given point.
This is all very elaborate, and a great
development from the first Mint, in > San
Francisco.. That was established in '54,
on-* Commercial street, above Montgom
ery. When the cornerstone of the present
Mint was laid, in 1870, there*. were great
plans ahead. The cost or site and build
ing amounted to $3,130,512,150. "We must
live up to this cost," said the powvrs that
were.
So they set about making elaborate sys
tems by which to carry on the business
of the largest mint) in the world.
This system , was all to protect Uncle
Sam's money against the knave and the
fool-
It hasn't worked.
The increase of the bullion fund in the
last four years is remarkable; the credit
is doubled'. In 1897, when Frank A. Leach
was appointed Superintendent, the amount
was $54,601,411 00, and last January the
credit was over $108,000,000. .
• An actual theft at the Mint is a difficult
proposition. It Is certain no one c*m gain
entrance into the building at night; and
throughout the day it would seem impos
sible to carry away any large amount of
The htad bookkeeper is cognizant of all
these complicated transactions, as all ac
counts of the various departments pass
through his hands. He compiles these ac
counts and forwards them daily, monthly
or semi-annually to Washington, just as
the importance of the reports demands.
A somewhat intricate system of ac
counts is in vogue at the Mint, and abso
lute accuracy is demanded, especially as
the sums considered are i§ the aggregate
very large. For instance, computation is
ir.ade to the millionth of a cent, hence a
long row of. figures stretches before the
eyes; a mere fraction's error ruins the
whole calculation. Here is gymnastic ex
ercise for the brain!
After all operations are completed in de
tail the superintendent Is responsible for
the coin. A heavy responsibility, indeed.
You will observe that under these condi
tions the sacks are merely "inspected" if
a recount Is desired. If all seals are
sound of course counting and weighing is
unnecessary.
is tampered with: the fact will be known.
Y OST! J30,(K)0 by Uncle Sam:
I It dropped out of a hole in hi»
I 7 pocket— he wasn't careful of the
•*"¦¦* stitches before, but now the hole is
sewed up, after the money Is pone.
There is consternation but not despair—
for there is more where that came from.
However, Uncie Sam is trying hard
enough to find the man or woman who
has the money.
The wise ones on h'.s force, and others,
are groping in the dark for the cash and
the thief. Some claim to have "struck a
light"— some have "convicting evidence"
—the minority have the good, sense to
keeD mum.
Uncle Sam will have a hard time ac
counting for the golden disks; there is a
$416,587 deficit in the San Francisco Mint
(since '54) that has never explained itself
to his satisfaction.
The first shortage in the bullion ac
counts of our Mint came forward in '56.
At the" time the melter and refiner made
a wastage of something like $153,000 in
excess of his legal allowance. The at
torneys for the defendant at the trial
made the allegation that' the flue of the
refinery was sadly in need of repair, per
mitting gold to escape in unnecessary
quantity by exhalation in the aeriform
state. .This was reinforced by the state
ment that the assayer, whose reports de
termine the value of the bullion delivered
to the melter, was "akin to madness"
and made wild, unreliable assays. This
was the best the defense could offer.
The fiue leaked "hot air."
In *C5 $20,000 dropped out of sight— the
cashier was reported an ex-thief any
¦way, so he disappeared. The money
never came back.
In '67 more coin was missed. This time
S10.000 or thereabouts. Cause: "Fraudu
lent alteration in accounts by a clerk —
clerk tried and acquitted" — where did the
money eo?
One thousand nine hundred and fifty-
Bix dollars was lost in JS65.
When a loss occurs, when sqmething is
"missed," all the money in the Mint must
be counted! That looks like a big task at
firet glance.
On second thought, however, is it a
task?
ICot if all hands work like the chief
•weigher, who counts ?1000 in dimes (10,000
pieces) in three minutes!
This man is a wonder; he handles $603,
000 twice daily with as much nonchalance
as you display while sipping your tea. He
has held the position nearly twenty-six
years, has handled in that time $900,000,
003, and not a coin of it has gone astray.
Gold coins and silver dollars' - t are
counted by weight. The smaller coins are
both counted by numbers and weighed.
A "counting board" is used for count-
Ing- the dimes, quarters and halves, a
board for each denomination. There are
grooves cut ir. each board, arranged in
such a manner that the "half" and
"quarter" boards bold just $250 each. The
dime board holds Cl'-'j in coin, or 1250
pieces.
. When the boards are full, all you've
got to do is to count the boards.
But the chief weigher wants to be sure,
so he dumps the dimes intp a pan and
weighs them. The' weight should balance
with the count.
Gold coin is put up in sacks of $5000
each, and silver (with the exception of
dimes) in sacks of $1030 each. The- dimes
are put up In sacks holding $503.
Three *M5nt representatives superintend
the counting and weighing of each and
every bulging eack, which is tied with a
etrong cord and a seal of lead placed upon
it with the Superintendent's name and
title stamped thereon; hence if the sack
6
HOW THE MONEY
IN THE
MINT
IS
COUNTEDm "Am otherwise engaged." "
,. "My. future .husband, -you silly! • My
ljostals have given out. • Good-byl" — Anna
Cusulich, in August Smart Set. . v . v
1.T began by -the literary' girl sending
what she . thought was a joke to: the
editor of the. comic monthly.
¦ He promptly, returned it 'with a. sin
gle, word: scrawled across it in 'blue pen
cil— "Old." ¦>'-' • : . ' ' : >¦ '
"So are- you," she answered by postal
the/ same day.' -
': "Do you think so?'" he scribbled under
a photo' of himself that he sent to -her. , ¦
,"Not at all!" came the stiy answer, after
she had ndmired its good' points.
• ','Are you?" Evidently this editor want
ed to know 'thinss. > ¦¦ • '.. _•;.- - '
'"What- woman is this?" was the enig
matic sentence on the postal, v-,:
• '"Prove it." This young editor was noth
ing if. not insistent. ¦ * :.'
V.'Here; 'tis." '" And the photographs of
some literary, Klrls are not half bad.'
"Very tine," was as -much as he dared
say by postal, 'i - ';
¦. "Same to you!" .;¦ An-1 the girl tliought
the'queer; matter closed.
."Why don't you write at length?":
¦ "Can't." - ¦¦¦ '¦ :.. " '¦• ---' :
-; "Why not?" .-> - r
Up on the top floor is a bright, sunny
room filled with beds, couches and easy
chairs. It is known as the infirmary,' but
is the jolliest one imaginable. Most of
the inmates are not really ill, but are un
able to walk without aid, and cannot get
Their dormitories, with their rows and
rows of green enamel beds, are on differ
ent floors, and so are their dining-rooms
with their numb'ered chairs. and napkin
rings.
Each individual on becoming an inmate
of the home receives a number and all
their belongings are marked with it from
that time on. Shoes, hosiery^, all wearing
apparel, in fact, is labeled, as much of It
is exactly alike) barring size and shape.'
It is the only way. to avoid confusion/ .'
So the day.' is; passed in working, smok
ing and cha'ttUjHJ. ' They are at peace wllh
the world and the world is at peace with
them. . -
Although living in the same house and
being served by the same willing hands,
the men and women live as entirely apart
as two distinct families.
ing tha t the task is forgotten, and as a
consequence they are all kept until Sun
day.
Onefold woman was .told that, all the
beds were taken. ' "Oh, good sister, take
me in.! I've got a little. cot of my own and
can sleep any place at night, and fold it
up in the day time, 1 ' she' urged. Poor old
soul," the house seemed to her a haven of
rest and her one ambition was to slip into
Had the home been four times as large
as it Is, every room could have been easily
fllleS. • One day last week fourteen appli
cants were' turned away, and rarely a' day
passes without four or five. -
Often' on entering the home the old peo
ple are extremely 'feeble and walk with
crutches. After a few. weeks of regular
hours, wholesome meals arid contentment
they improve wonderfully — so - much so
that they put aside the crutchyand, use
only a cane. Often when they are 'in a
hurry even that is forgotten, until j some
one calls their attention to the fact, and
.then not another step can be taken with
out It. They are like, so many children
to take care of. ¦'..•:
If ah old man or woman is missed from
his or her usual place friends crawl up
the stairs and are^all solicitation. Noth
ing that they are able to do is too much
trouble.' The Sisters say ttie old people
are rich with charity and loving kindness,
If. not with earthly goods. ,'
The hands that are slipped gently about
a cripple and that. soothe pain away are
those of kindness, and the lesson is.not
lost, but is repeated in smaller ways by
the old people. • •
up • and down the stairs at all. .'fnelr
tongues are not affected In the slightest,
however, and they keep up a busy chatter
Ml the blessed day long. , v
No distinction is made as regards creed
or nationality, , excepting when the time
that is | allotted every j man has expired.
Thon all are laid to rest according to their
belief, and to 'the best ability of the home.
For that is what they all are— free from
all anxiety of any kind. From the day
that their, rlame appears on the roll until
the last call, they are sure of all necessi
ties and much kindness. Even the little
tobacco that the men smoke is provided
for -them and the rest of their days are
spent in thanking God for his great kind
ness to _. them. - No wonder the home is
filled to its utmost capacity and that It
has prospered exceedingly. - . '
any nook or. cranny that might be free
from carel.
-.' The Seri- tool is but a cobble
stone picked up alongside' at random; used
oriceior more according to need and fit-
, ness, never "shaped* or fashioned save by
wear of use, and at once discarded :if ac
cidentally so;spawled or split as to form
sharp edges. Yet it is a revelation »io see
the variety, of 'uses to which the crude I
: cobble ; may ,-be ' put; "breaking up turtles,
carrizal and ' octilla, rendinj; the .'
tough hide of horse or' deer, grinding
seeds, . severing .^tendons. : chopping off
cords between two used as "hammer and
' anvil— these are but a few, of their, func
- tibns. Thus the tribesmen typify, the. pro- •
tollthlcstage of. culture, the plane of de-'
signless use of materials ' furnished freely
I by- nature; and as befits, their, lowly plane
tthey are devoid of knife-sense so utterly.
' that the warrior with borrowed : knife at
¦ his back and' equine haunch befcre Mm
'tears hide and tendon with his teeth with-
The much-mooted question of cannibal
ism must be left open; the affirmative is
favored by the blood craze of battle and
presumption that It ends like the chase
it mimics in gluttonous gorging of raw
flesh; and' also by other, -analogies; ; -but
the negative may rest provisionally on
the dearth of direct evidence and the
consistent denials entered by the tribes
men themselves.
Weapons are selected and used in ac
cordance with zoic motives; the cobble
stone/Implements are classed as teeth in
Seri thought and language, and arrow
points (including foreshafts), haipoon
heads, and firestick foreshafts alike sym-.
bolize teeth of sea lion or shark; even the
far-rumored and ill-reputed arrow poison
of the tribe is but a witch's brew of
death symbols wholly magical in motive
and ¦ effective Cif at all) through the
Chanel, carriage of germs of the morbific
mess. ¦ .-: ¦.. : * : ;
Larger land game is a rich resource,
and its chaso ! is at once an apprenticeship
to and. a mimicry. of warfare, terminating
in a berserker blood-craze wilder even
than that of the carnivore tutelary; but
the small burrowing squirrel (who helped
to build the world in their mythology) is'
sacred, and has so increased and multi- "
plied under, its taboo as to honeycomb the -
sub-soil of all Seriland - and practically
protect the principality from invading
horsemen, .and afford one of the most
striking examples of^ unwittingly bene
ficial co-operation , between men and ani
mals. " •
season of cactus fruits the younger fo*-c
and even the elders fatten inordinately
on tunas and their seeds— the latter eaten
twice in ancient Callfornian fashion.
Especially rigorous is the Seri law
concerning marriage (1. e., the first mar
riage, for the incidental polygamy of
later decades seems but a ripple on the
surface of deeper thought and custom).
The sacrament fills a year from the first
mootings to the final feast. During thte
period the groom is banned (under pain
of outlawry) to show perfect manhood,
according to tribal standards, by suc
cessfully passing the most strenuous tests
of providence and continence; during the
same period the prospective bride occu
pies a place of character making prom
inence in clan and tribe, and the probation
ends in a feast measuring the skill ol the
groom as fisherman and hunter and the
thrift of the bride as a maker of wares,
and hence fixing the place of the pair In
tribal esteem. A besetting fallacy pro
claims that law is lacking in primitive
life, and that the conjugal relations of
the prime were laxer than in later times.
Many recent facts point' the fallacy, but
the Clearest indication of all is found- in
the fumal mating of the Seri— a union
more closely hedged about with observ
ance and .Jremony and public counseling
than, that of any other people thus far
known. — From the Land of Sunshine.
out thought of the cutlery.
Throughout .Seriland (as implied, in
deed, by the proper designation "Our-
Great-Mother-Folk-Here") the matron
holds higher rank than even the dough
tiest warrior. The tribal law is founded
oh faith and expressed. in terms of kin
ship and relative age; the kinship i3
traced only in the maternal line (in fact,
it is questionable whether paternity ia
recognized— the female has no word for
father, and the term used by the- male
to denote his sire seems of doubtful
meaning— and there are no old men in the
tribe). So the matron Is priestess, law- ¦
giver and judge, while her brothers in or
der of age are the appellate executives,
and her spiouse merely a perpetual guest
from another clan without voice In do
mestic affairs, save perchance in social
tumults attending war. The woman is
the prepotent factor in tribal existence;
she is the shaman who brews the magic
arrow poison: the Wise One who ca3t3
protecting charms over outgoing warriors
and lays spells on enemies; she is the
shaper of the life-preserving olla, the
maker of the sacred hair-corn; she is the
lady of the feast, sharing tlya portions j
and keeping alive the distributive tabus
by which the rights of tho weak are pro
tected; she is the blood carrier and the
face-mark bearer of the clan; and at
death she is buried with ceremony and
mourned long and loud as a link in the
tribal lineage, while her warrior spouse
rots where he falls.
In their own view the glory of the' Seri
tribe is in their hair; it is black , and
luxuriant, and is, worn long by both sexes,
who brush and cultivate ¦ it with tireless
assiduity; it is not merely, admired, but
revered nearly, or quite urito worship, and
interwoven with faith in a Samsonian cult
which throws light on many obscure; cus
•toms ¦ of '"various peoples in the several
stages of culture, j The tresses are treas
ured as symbols of vigor and of fecundity;'
the. combings ; are \ kept j \ scrupulously
smoothed and twisted, into "slender strands,"
wound on skewers and. eventually worked
into necklaces -, and ..belts; indeed, ", the
locks symbolize shield as well as strength,
"even ? to: the •; engendering ¦ of ideas. of ap
pareling i along those l lines of-.' associative
and emblematic development by which' the
primitive' mind Is swayed.
The chief occupations of T the*- Seri are
"food-getting" and ".'fighting. ; Their-•fore
most | food source '¦'¦' is the - green -turtle,
whlch'iis : taken by means of a. light lip
head harpoon, broken \\ip with cobble
stones,-and promptly gorged: from entrails
to ; flipper-bones ¦ and sinew— and ' even ¦ to
plastron ; If the "family* Is large . and ;the
cb'elbnian small. Pelicans and other'watcr
fowllyield: quotas of food, as 'do all ma^
nerof fish, and: shell fish; Jand during: the
:,¦'•¦;. :¦>.-¦:¦:,; ' ¦ -. - • ¦ ¦ ¦ 7 '
' .The great chests and huge haunches of
the Seri bear witness to their «wn naive
descriptions of the chast, in which three
or five striplings partly -surround and
partly "run down # jackrabbits, and five
.hunters habituaily capture deer.' in similar
fashion ; and these j recitals are r corrobor
ated in turn, by dozens of vaqueros; who
have seen' small bands spring on ;•; the
withers of full grown horses, break their
necks by jaguar-like twists, rend them
into quarters with' teeth and nails, and
then shoulderthese and flee over the sand
wastes so swiftly, as to escape pursuing
horsemen.' The' Seri inhabit la region of
hunters, yet they are so * far the fleetest
of all and so distinguished . by.- a pecu
liar "collected" or up-stepping: gait (like
that of a thoroughbred racer or prowling
coyote), as , to. "have, gained their .tribal
sobriquet— they are "spry" par excellence,
even among . the light-footed^ Tarahumari
and Otomi and Papago. . . V
¦ ' ¦ 4 ¦-.¦'- .¦'•¦¦ .. ¦
¦ji^HYSICALLY, the Seri are cast In
L^heroic . mold. \- The mean • adult
]T^ stature is 6 feet for male and 5
j feet^S 1^ inches for females; i. e.,
'with the possible exception- of one or two
Pata^jonlan peoples, the Seri are the'taU
.est aborigines of.America. Both sexes are
notables for ; robustitude .of chest and
slenderness "of limb, 1 though the extremi
ties are large. -. ¦ ,-' '¦' -.-.- •
THE STRANGE HABITS OF OUR WILDEST TRIBE.
work to do. If they are given the morn
ing papers the news becomes so absorb-
In the morning each one has his little
One spry old fellow has been a carpen
ter. He has put up a tiny workshop and
keeps busy all day with his tools. It is
a delight to him to tinker about and build
a stray shelf here or drive an extra nail
there. His partner has a paint brush
flourishing in the air most of the time.
Everything and anything needs his at
tention.
"I v.ant you to understand I am the
Michael Angclo of this crowd," he said
as he stood behind a row of colors. "I
am the only artist here."
FAITH, hope and charity. But the
greatest of these is charity. Go out
to the Little Sisters of the Poor
Home for the Aged and see if you
do not agree with this couplet.
There you will find a combination of the
three, but the strongest in evidence is
charity.
The home, run so quietly and unosten
tatiously by the Sisters, is the last earth
ly home for seventy-eight old men and
¦women. All of them are too feeble to
work, too proud to go to the almshouse
and too poor to care for themselves. ,
The passport to the home is age, ill
health and poverty. Until the house was
filled to overflowing no one presenting
these credentials was ever turned away.
The home, the first of its kind on the
Pacific Coast, has only been open between
three and four months, and the work of
the Sisters has been marvelous.
They pay no rent for their building. The
Archbishop installed them on Howard
street, between Sixteenth and Seven
teenth, and promised them a refuge un
til they are able to build such a home as
they require.- That is what they want and
that is what they are praying Stl Joseph,
their patron saint/'for.
. Without means of any kind or without
knowing where their next meal is com
ing: from, they preserve a beautiful child
like faith that they will be cared for, and,
like tired children, leave it a!l in the
hands of One stronger than they. •'
Every morning- an old. man slowly and
laboriously hitches up a gentle pony and
with two Sisters goes his rounds for con
tributions.
No distinction is made in the asking, as
none is" made in the giving. Merchants
and families are asked for food, for
clothes and for money, and all have put
their hands in their pockets and given
freely.
The old ladies are busy most of the
day. In the morning those who are able
make their beds and fuss about a little,
VTid then go downstairs to their sitting
room, where they match wonderful crazy
quilts, make dainty caps and while the
hours away rocking and knitting.
The chapel is a great source of com
fort to them and there is scarcely a time
when eome crippled form is not bent in
humble adoration. -¦.'¦;.
The old men may be found any pleas
ant day walking in twos or threes dis
cussing the days when "I was a boy" or
THIS is the fifth of a series of
articles being published by Tha
Sunday Call in the interest of
charity as exemplified by those char
itable institutions of San Francisco
controlled by women.
These papers are either written by
officials of the different organiza
tions or have been read and approved
by them, and therefore can be relied
upon as accurate in detail.
With the guarantee of such au
thority they cannot fail to awaken
interest among the many readers who
know, in a general "way, that good
work is being done, yet lack specific
information as to how, where and
by whom.
7
'','' THE 1 STJNDAY : CALIii
By postal Card.
" •«."
THE LITTLE SISTER'S
HOME
FOR THE
AGED POORWILL TOUR THE WORLD TO
TEACH ART OF HEALING
:Willard'-?Blackm9re':6f/the Central .Theater and His Panama -Hat,
:.'•"-' " ,'.:'••..'. \ : )''r!~- :i J: <)•/' r*r'y-f ' '." : Photo by Bushnell. ,. }¦ ,v" '-'¦
<¦¦/.. -.• ; ¦ /¦ ¦ . ¦ ¦;' -- ¦ ¦''¦¦ ¦ ':- :J ' - i ' ' ¦' ¦¦ ' •. ' . ¦ ' i' ¦ i '•¦¦¦¦¦.-¦
make his end as comfortable as the drug
permitted.
That was the situation In surgery the
world over until Dr. J. B. Murphy of Chi
cago invented the Murphy button. This is
a small device of aluminum by which di
vided intestines can be united. The de
vice was not then perfect, but it at once
brought down the mortality from wounds
of this character ' from 97 per cent to a
little over 15 per cent. Then Dr. Nicholas
Senn— the man who is leading the Ameri
can quartet of surgical demonstrators
abroad— saw. that this invention could be
combined with a discovery of his own,
and so great 'was the devotion to science
of the two men that they "worked Jointly
for the good of humanity to produce a de
vice which should be perfect. This, they
think, they have found in a device which
employs decalcified bone instead of metal.
Decalcified bone is ordinary bone from
which all lime as well as the animal mat
ter has been removed. This, when used
to join severed Intestines, is absorbed by
the tissues as soon as Its mending work is
done. The original Murphy button some
times remained as a foreign body and
caused trouble! Decalcified bone plates
were first used by Dr. Senn in 1883.
This somewhat lengthy account of the
surgical wonders wrought by Drs. Mur
phy and Senn is given here because it
was the main reason which induced the
surgeons of Europe to invite Dr. Senn and
his colleagues to make their tour. Wounds
of the abdomen are the most frequent,
the most difficult and the most fatal of
all the 'wounds which surgeons meet with
in their work. In the American Civil War
CS per cent of ull wounds were^t'ounds
of the abdomen, and of these 97 per cent
died. In the recent war with Spain al
most the same percentage of wounds of
the al "(lumen veto obtained on the Amer
ican sJde. but instead of a mortality of
OS per cent* It was less than 10 per cent.
The difference was due to American sur
gery. Similar methods' were used by En
glish burgeons in the South African war
with equally gratifying results..- The^eon
eequence has been a tidal wave of appre
ciation of American surgery^ the first
ripple of which has borne away 'Dr. ¦ Senn
and his coadjutors to give clinical'de
monstrations of their methods."
Almost every European country except
England has asked the quartet,. to hold
clinics In their capitals. The reason: that
England has not done" so is because Dr.
Senn is almost as well known in the Lon
don operating theaters'as he" is here. The
English appreciated his, methods almost
as "quickly as his own countrymen and
have carefully copied his surgical tech
ninciue." ¦ n * ¦" . •¦
The planned 'itinerary of the. medical
quartet began on July 4, when Drs. Senn,
MastJn and Brower sailed from New Vork
on the steamship Barbarossa. Their* first
FOUR noted American surgeons and
physicians have just started on a
tour of ths world, the object of
which is to demonstrate to the doc
tors of Europe and Asia the American
system of surgery and medicine. Tr.e
¦welcome which will be accorded to them
abroad will be real, for the quartet is
headed by Dr. Nicholas Senn of Chicago,
who is regarded as tTie leading American
surgeon. The other members of the par
ty are Dr. D. R. Brewer and Dr. Jacob
Frank of Chicago, and Dr. Mastin of Mo
bile, Ala. The tour is being made at the
request of foreign doctors, who are anx
ious to see a competent exposition of the
American methods of surgery and medi
cine. Dr. Daniel R. Brower is a famous
specialist in nervous diseases. The others
are surgeons. .
Until a very few years ago no American
surgeon or physician used to think his
education complete unless he had spent
two or three years In the medical schools
of Germany, England or France. At that
time it was a superstition that the Euro
pean schools of medicine were superior
to those o'f this country and that the sur
gical technique was better. Nowauiys
the situation is reversed. Every year
finds more and more graduates of foreign
medical schools enrolled In American in
ftitutlons, to which they have come to
complete their professional education.
This change has been brought about by
th<s somewhat tardy recognition of Ameri
ca's place in the field of progressive sur
gery. The world owes the boon of an
esthesia to this country. Aseptic surgery,
also. has. been developed here to a point
which was practically unknown abroad.
Then, too, men and women used to Olo
by thousands every year from a mysteri
ous disease wiilch began with a violent
prostrating pain In the right side ami
ended in death within a week. American
surgery established the fact that this dis
ease was due to an obstruction of the ver
miform appendjx, and it worked out the
now simple and cafe operation of removal
of the appendix for appendicitis. Beiure
this operation was discovered people why
died from appendicitis were given death
certificates which read "peritonitis,** or
else "intestinal obstruction."
Before the present era of American sur
gery a wound In the abdomen was thought
to be necessarily fatal. The Internal or
gans are covered with a thin and exceed
ingly delicate membrane known as the
periton<mm. " Under the old regime. If this
membrane was cut or violently bruised,
peritonitis set In and the patient died. If
a man was shot or stabbed in the abdo
men, so that the intestines were severed.
It was then a surgical axiom that nothing
could be done for the patient. He would
eurely die. The accepted treatment, was
to dose the wounded mac with opium and
professional stopping place will be at Ber
lin, where they will pick up 'Dr. Jacob
Frank, who preceded the party by some
days because he had*an urgent request to
hold a special surgical clinic at Profes
sor Landau's private'hospital for women
in Berlin. This is one of \ the most fa
mous institutions in Europe. The four
will stay at Berlin for several days, and,
although the regular terms are ended for
the season at the medical schools, a num
ber of special clinics have been arranged
at which the distinguished American sur
geons are expected to demonstrate their
methods.
If the regular itinerary Is followed, Dr.
Senn will next lead his party to Moscow,
where both Dr. Frank and Dr. Senn have
been requested to' hold clinics for the
benefit of the Russian surgeons. This will
be Dr. Frank's second visit to Moscow,
as he attended the session of the Inter
national Medical. Association held there
three years ago. At that time his methods
attracted a great deal of attention, and
It Is said that he remarked that the Rus
sians ought to see Dr. Senn, who origl-/
nated the methods he used. Sinofc that
time there has been a heavy Russian de
mand for the" presence of Dr. Senn.
About July 20, unless the plans of the
party have been materially disarranged/,
they will . leave Moscow for Irkutsk,
traveling thither by the train de lux,e of
the Siberian Railway. Irkutsk, it is
hoped by the four, 1 will be one" of the
places at which they will not be expected
to. hold a clinic. Dr. Senn and his com
panions want to; spend ten days at
Irkutsk, exploring Lake Baikal and hunt
ing and fishing.. Thence they will"jour
ney to Strctinsk nnd take a steamship
down the Amur River to a Jown with, a
name that can be spelled seven different
ways. Lago Vestsch ' -«k is oneof them.
Thereafter the quartet will travel among
Siberian towns with queerly. spelled names
until they finally reach "'. , Vladivostok,
which is the terminus of tho Siberian
Railroad. From Vladivostok they will go
to Korea, on their way to Japan, stopping
long enough to pay a visit to Seoul.
¦ t_ ¦ ¦ ... . .** . t .
Japan will , probably show the four
American surgeons and physicians more 1
honors than even the countries of Europe,
for, all the hospitals of Japan are ar
ranged on the American plan. Japan used
to send air'its medical students "to Eng
land, some" of them afterward going to
Germany and France to complete, their
course. , To-day very few medical student3
go to England, for Japan, -which was one
of the first countries to recognize Ameri
ca'si surgical .supremacy, long ago dis- (
covered that the, education given by,; the
best of the American medical colleges was •
better for practical work than that to-be
obtained In Europe. • Tho theory of!sur
gery and medicine Is splendidly taught In
Europe, but for ' practice America leads. '
Japan, too, has reason to be. proud of the.
fact that s^ie has so closely ' followed
American methods. In medical science, for
It has resulted in* the little Asiatic .coun-'
try numbering among its native born citi
zens one of the most noted. bacteriologist 1 *
In the * world— Kitasato. To the 'labors of
Kitasato are due most of the exact facts
now known about the! microbes of "the
bubonic' plague, diphtheria andl" cancer."
Kitasato is also the inventor ¦ of ;a great
many instruments of precision and is the
author of many valuable books and "par
pers on scientific subjects. .
The American surgeons will land at Na
gasaki and will go thence to Yokohama,
where a series of clinics will be held. The
Japanese clinics are- expected to be of
great interest to N the Americans, as sev
eral-little known diseases can be studied
there.. Moreover, someT of the Japanese
schools "still maintain, a few of the older
ajrid peculiarly. Asiatic! methods of treat
ment, and while some of these are a little
astonishing' to foreign surgeons, it is ad
mitted that they have their advantages.
These Chinese and Japanese have, for ex
ample, a most remarkable way of "set
ting" broken ribs, which; ; while drastic,
seems to '. be frequently successful. The
human rib, It should be • understood, is
not often broken, as its. structure and po
sition renders a straight fracture very
difficult, but they are often so badly bent
Inward as to be spoken of as a broken rib.
It* is very difficult' for a_£&U£asl&a sur-
geon to, straighten out^ these 'in bent ribs,
but a Chinese ( or-' Japanese surgeon, it Is
said, accomplishes the feat with- facility
and dispatch. " • '"" " . .
First of all he places his patient before
a roaring/ fire and heaps clothing about
•him until he is perspiring freely. During
this process the patients coverings are
• several times removed,' so that he will not
be able to tell when the main part of the
operation is to be performed. "When the
patient has quieted down. and la Indiffer
ent to the occasional removal of his wrap
pings,* an assistant, who has been await
ing the signal, suddenly dashes the con
tents of a great vessel of ice cold water
over the patienC Naturally enough tha
poor wretch gives a great gasp of sur
prise^ thereby. ,/.r;3.uslng_ involuntary and
violent inflation of his lungs and a corre
sponding action of the muscles of the
chest. The result of that gasp is the
desideratum of the Asiatic surgeon, for it
applies strong pressure to the Inside of
the bent bones, thereby forcing them back
to their places. -
It is such strange- medical and surgical
customs as this which the American doc
tors expect to study as some reward for
the instructions whteh they may give to
other nations. Both Asia and Europe
have' a good deal to show to America in
the way of medicine and surgery. Dr.
Senn's party wants to see as much as It
can of their methods. After leaving Jap
an the party will spend a day at Victoria,
British Columbia, and will later take the
Canadian Pacific train from Vancouver
for Chicago. The four expect to be away
just three * *hs. %
Panama Hat Worn by Theodore Roberts of the ; Frawfley Company.
-'- Ihoto by Thors. ' :. ; \ •
rHE very dernier cri! *1
The Panama hat!
It is undoubtedly correct, and men
wHo would be up to daten.ust own
one. be it - ssnuine and worth ten
fives, or Jurt a clever imitation, whose tag
cays two-fifty.
Not for twenty years has Panama straw
been in such demand as now.
One or two of the ,hatmakers who are
arbiters cf masculine fashion are respon
sible for the resurrection, and presumably .
South American straw weavers are rising
up an I calling those autocratic gentlemen ;
blessed. The supply of finer grades of the.
straw is "already practically exhausted,
and though the cheap straw can be woven
to order rapidly, the finer quality of Pan
ama cannot be produced in a hurry, no
matter what the urgency of ¦ the demand
may bs. * An expert cannot make, a hat
of the very best quality in less thah'seven
or eight months, and even' the hats that
are not so fine are a matter- of months. \
. Women do the weaving, the men.riever,
having been able to master the artfvin its
perfection, though . some native men do
plait straw after a fashion. The industry
is common in almost all the South Ameri-^
can countries, but the lion's share of the
best Panama straw. comes from Venezu
ela. .'¦;' : ; < ::".'- v,
The straw Is woven from a marsh grass,
and .the -quality, of^the finished; product
depends as much upon'" the quality, of . the
grass as upon; the ',work. ' ..~>i^. * :* !
For the best straw, the grass is careful
ly sorted 'and .selected, only .the -'finest
stalks being chosen. . • Then ; the' woman
who is to weave . it" sauats : herself down!
¦ -. ¦. - *¦ -•-•¦• ¦ " ¦ « -
then, you know. .one pays- for Tou
remember the summer that Panama hats
were the rage, you gave $40 for a perfect
ly plain - one — not even an egret | on it,"
she will" say.
Oh, the men who buy Panamas are lay
ing up trouble for; themselves! Still, they
buy the hats and they retreat behind the
excuse of durability.* A manidbesn't buy
a hat because- it is the fashion, even
though It is l a bit 'of mad extravagance.
Perish Jhe* thought! He invests in Pan
ama straw at $40 per because the hat will
wear forever. In all human probability,
never again, in the course of his natural
lifetime,' will he need to. buy a straw hat.
Say he." lives twenty years. '- One . $5 straw
hat a season for twenty years means $100.
That is two and one-half, times the $40
expended" on the imperishable" Panama."
The number of men who are doing that
sum to convince themselves and their,bet
ter-halves that a Panama hat at $40 is the
cheapest thing they can buy is legion.
Of course they cfon't believe it, but it
salves, their consciences to think they do.
There are : men who buy $150 Panama
hats without a quiver and are unashamed,
but they are the men who have unlimited
money or unlimited credit, which Is mucn
the same thing.
The finest Panama hat ever seen In this
..country, and probably as. fine a specimen
"of the work as was ever turned out, be
longed to General Grant. It was given to
him during his first term and was worth
$500. ;
Panama hats are bought by the import
ers in the ordinary , native shape, with
broad, flat crown and a wide rim slightly
rolled. ~in the hat factories here. they are
bleached, cleaned end shaped to suit the
prevailing styles, the Alpine shape being
the superlatively correct thing this sum
mer.' ¦
The cheap Panama hat, so called, worn
by nine out of every ten men on the street,
¦is a poor imitation of the genuine article.
Many of these hats are not made of any
thing approaching Panama straw. "The
rest, aro of French Panama straw. '.Great
quantities of Panama grass are exported
from South America to France, where the
grass Is split and woven into French or
split Panama.' Even in South America
some split Panama straw Is made. The
grass is split so carefully that often no
one save a connoisseur could ti;ll the fin
ished straw from genuine • whole grass
Panama; but it is far inferior in durability
and texture and isjriot worth one-fifth the
value. of the genuine Panama.
¦Next. to Panama straw in value comes
beside . a big, earthenware jar , of water,
takes a handful of. grass and begins her
work,' under/ the ; surface of the water.
Every inch | of -the hat is woven .under
water, this care being' necessary in order
to keep the grass j moist and prevent its
splitting and breaking during the plaiting!
-.Day after day, and month "after month,
the woman sits by . the water jar, work
ing with infinite care, and, in seven, eight
or more, -probably nine months, a hat 1 is
ready , for the Arherican or Englishman
who has money to burn. Few Panama
hats of fine "quality/are worn in 'South
America." .To be sure, little of anything is
worn by' a large part of the population,
but even the hat weaving' element cannot
afford the luxury of a fine Panama. •
In fact, few of the best hats ever find
their way. lnto"the general market. They
are picked up by individuals. English and
American travelers, officers on trading
ships or men-of-war, foreign Consuls or
traders -buy the hats for themselves or
for friends 'at home, and, of course, the
output is comparatively small. It has
been smaller than ever within, recent
years, for the demand has not been great
enough 'to encourage the-industry, and it
has been with the South American straw
weavers as with our Indian basket weav
ers. The younger . generation . has not
taken to the art so kindly as its forbears
did, and there are few of the young
women who can compete with their
grandmothers in weaving skill. .;
Even on its native heath , a good Pan
artla hat is expensive, one of good quality
bringing about $40 in American money and
often more, -, though/ loosely woven,' infe
rior straw hats may be had for almost
any price, even as little as a few cents in
our coin. In New York shops the price of
a genuine Panama straw hat ranges from
$12 to $150. but there are few of the latter
in stock, and the $10 or $50 hats are about
the limit of man's extravagance.
"Well, it's a love of a toque, John. Of
course, $30 doea seem a good deal to. pay
for one rose and a fold of chiffon, ,but
¦ . ¦.-.»¦* ¦. »
Many a wife is rejoicing over the ad
vent of tjrfe Panama, and it's a brave man
who dares to tell his wife that he paid
$40 for his straw hat. Never again can
ho indulge in the scathing satire anent
.women's bonnets that is so dear to thi
average husband. Never can he point
, with modest pride totbe $5 straw hat
that has lasted. two seasons and demon
strate, gently but firmly, to his wife that
woman's extravagance In' millinery is
what, is making man 'bald and wrinkled
and "careworn. He has put a weapon into
his enemy's hand, and she's no sort of
woman if she doesn't use it.
a very fine quality of split straw manu
factured in Belgium. Some of^ these hats
are expensive and the work upon them
is remarkably good.
Japan furnishes many of the straws
that are used for men's hats here. A new
Japanese braid called Kurako is popular
for sailor hats this summer. The Chinese
do a good deal of straw plaiting, but pro
duce only inferior qualities, though they
are improving in their split straw and it
is beginning to assume some importance.
France, Italy, Saxony. Belgium and Eng
land send us straw. -
Filipino straws are being worn to some
extent hene this season and have the merit
of being cool and well-ventilated, but they
are cheap and poor in qaullty. Porto
Kican hats are coarsely woven and in
ferior, but there is talk of a development
of the industry in Porto Rico, under the
stimulus of United States capital and
management, and hat makers believe that
a fine grade of straw could be made there.
In Mexico the palma grass is woven into
sombreros of varying qualities, but even
the. best Mexican hat is not worth more-,
than $25. The hat of this quality Is finely
woven, but has not the Panama, virtue of
lightness. On the other hand, the cheap
straw sombreros, woven of wheat straw,
are cool, light end practically indestructi
ble, though coarse and inelegant in ap
pearance. The Mexican straw hats are.
finding a ready sale here this summer for
the first time, and a certain type of girl
looks uncommonly fetching under tha
high conical crown and broad curling
brim. ¦
Women are affecting the Panama hats,
too,, but in the original broad-brimmed
shape more often than in the Alpine. Tha
lightness and durability of the hats make
them eminently desirable for rough out
ing wear, but the tightly woven braid for
bids ventilation, and many a heavy hat Is
cooler than a Panama,
The man who cwns a genuine fine Pana
ma seldom allows it to keep its trim Al
pine crease. He pokes it into informal
shape and leaves the dents of his fingers
In it just to show that it is the real thin?,
for a {rood Panama is as soft and flexible
as silk, while the cheap and imitation
Panama keeps its hard and fa:.; curves
and must be treated with due considera
tion and respect.
No straw Is woven In this country. La
bor is not cheap enough to make the thing:
possible. The only really good straw ever
made here whs the old Macklnac straw,
which was' made at Mackinaa ani was at
one time all the rage. Japanese Macklnac
straw, drove it out. and now none of tha
old Mat kinac straw i3 left. * V;\
THE SUNDAY CALL.
8
THE PANAMA HAT IS NOW THE FAD' . Ho w a Number c f Local
Schuetzen Capiains, the
• New King and the' Sup
planted O.d One Grasp
(tie Rifle. '
Thtf man who begrudges himself an oc
casional hearty laugh is the worst kind
of a miser. - • »
the. San Francisco 'handball courts
the following games will bo played Sun
day, July 2S:';.W.'H.-.Sieberst and P. Ryan
Vs. O.. B.« Hay ward and W. ' Fisher; "O.
McDonald ' and P/, McKlnnon vs. . M. 'Mc-
Neil' and M. Maher: .J. Feeney and, D.'
Griffin- vs.' M. Dillon .and'O. Hutchlnson;
M. ' McLaughlin and J. Lawless vs.* D.
Connelly and' M. Joyce; W. Walsh and J,.
J. Kavanaugh vs. H.' H.LIssrier.and ' J.
Brady; j J.- ' Gly'nn ' and ¦ T.'<- Serres . vs.'.' E.
White . arid 1 R.' Regll ; T. Foley and M.
Klrby vs. J. Ki'rby and E. 1 Barry ; J., White
and R. ¦ Linehan vs. J. Collins : and M. ' J.
Klleallon. . /. . : : . .
Handball Games.
Knee. Winnings in England.
"Tlp." In the New Tork Press, gtr«
seme race horse' figures; say* the cost of
feeding, training and attendants for a.
race horse Is not less than C500 a year.
Last year there were 1870 races' run' in
England, and the horses contending".num
bered 15,622. He says that horse racing in
England directly supports over 20,000 peo*
pie. The convention- and the races at
iAscott nlone brings to the London and
Northwestern Railway Company about
J2,CO0.00a a year. The chief winners «{ 1900 ,
were- the. Prince bf Wales. 1147,913; Lord
wniiamBeresford. $112,615; Lord Durham,
who mado so much trouble for Sloan, !£},•>
123. and A. Musker. $83,435.
• The open' stake at Union Park'on Sun
day last proved a great attraction, 'and it
was -'s>v holiday, crowd that saw the great
sprinter ; Palo ' Alto give up first; grab at
the purse to the gamer and more willing
Vandal. For many, weeks Geary's black
and ; white ..champion has been held at
choice over all comers in the stakes, and
has made good often enough to repay his
backers for their confidence. The occa-
Palo Alto la a' Dead One.
Three, clubs in the local field nre bid
ding up the stock. When the auction will
take ' place seems to know. It 18
expected ,that the fight will occur In Sep-.
terhber.. Fancy,' prices have already been
offered, and fancier' ones are likely to be
forthcoming. -Lack -of liberality " on the
part of local entrepreneurs will not '•; be
the reason 'for* the fallure'of a match be
tween the big fellows.
When a pugilist has won \ fame and
money ho may tilt back his chair, put his
feet on the table and tell the world It
must come t» him. Jeffries can do It, but
not .Ruhlin. The latter Is pretty much
like tho beggar aa- far as relative condi
tions go. Jeffries Itnows this," and he. will
enforce all the ancient ceremony before a
match is made. In the meantime the tele
graph companies become a few cents
richer "every 'day, for the prize-fight clubs
.want men at once In the same'. ring.
EFFRIES and Ruhlin Is the cry
/. ¥ until the. tongue sticks out and
I lips crack. When will It ceaae?
I There was a time when talking
¦M 'and acting, was in - fashion — even
r ' ¦. wh'en practiced by prize-fighters
who were specially unfitted by nature for
both these difficult arts. But that time
has, outlived Itself. Prize-fighting. reached
its lowest ebb when the premier pugilist
of the day turned orator and actor. In
the old days the fighter evolved from the
ring to the saloon business. Now he
passes through an intermediary condition.
When he fights he', is -of interest to ¦'. the 1
public, which will pay cheerfully to see
him perform. His acting days are gone,
for which thanks '. should be raised, to
heaven. There is nqthing left for the
fighter .but to fight,, strange as it may,
seem. .. ,'
According to our ' esteemed' contempo
.rary.the Commercial Appeal 'of Memphis',
that city Is now. "the leading mule market
of thin country.'.' Most persons would
havo given thnt honor t to New Orleans or
Bt. - Louis.. ¦; It seems, however,' that Mem
phis is now the great' mule mart, tho cap
ital of muledom. The mule. has suffered
from stale humorists/but has been nobly
reinstated in honor. In the last few years.
An animal sagacious and patient, great in
peace and [ in war., jj There 1 Is a S pile ; iof
money; In the mule ".business, and Memphis
Is now making the most of it.— New York
Sun.' . '!;--.';. ¦;.-... ¦,. - -': . -¦.:.'.., ;.-
Greatest Mule Market.
: There will be a lull In Schuetzen compe
titions for a week or two. , Then the local
mnrkamen , will burst out again. In Sep
tember another big local competitive
shoot will engage their, attention. 'Again
will Shell Mound resound with the fierce,
hot play 'of the rifles in tho hands of the
sharpshooters. ¦ -^ . .
. . . ¦ ¦¦- . m ¦ .
Although the great honor in the shoot
lngat Shell Mound went to a local man,
the Easterners did some exceedingly good
work. They struggled under adverse con
ditions, not of light or wind, but of a too
persistent - hospitality. - Shooting,, like
every, other. kind of physical competition,
demands a conditioned body. : The -East-/
ern marksmen were the targets for the
local entertainers. Rhine wine, cham
pagne, late suppers, parties in their honor
at all times, were fastened upon the shoot
ers and no refusal would hold good; Shell
Mound was a gay place during those ten
days, and many an Eastern crack shot re
marked after the festival was over that
he wished he had been a bit more
careful' of his stomach and nerves.
I-ouIh P. Ittcl comes from the • East, but,
for, him-. there was.no revelry. > He was
here on business, and his work Is its own
commentary. '•'. ' , .''.•„ ,
men have a crystallized grasp on the rifle.
Sometimes they experiment, but .this is
rare. 'As a rule every marksman handles
his gun in a - peculiar ¦• individual way.
Years of shooting have taught their les
sons to these men, and after they pass
the early stages of sharpshooting they
form a style of their own and then seldom
deviate from It.' The ' accompanying pic
tures win show distinct grips and posi
tions of the hands, and injno two cases is
an identity to be found. . -
slonal defeat was overlooked, and when
at the season's close Palo Alto's name
was enrolled on the 1 scroll of coursing
fame as the most successful money get
ter, : and a great record breaker, too," it
was the consensus of opinion that, far
from having i eached . the zenith of his
glory, the champion 1 was still traveling,
.and in .his coming season would- even
surpaBs hl3 great record breaking salt.
But a change, a sudden change, has come.
The idol of the wise bettor who
favorite picking^ his life's study, the dog
that has been held at prohibitive prices
arid* oddsi-on choice for final honors— the
hound that has enjoyed an undisputed
title as premier sprinter, has been dis
graced. Not to detract from Vandal's
great shpwlng, but, even though the truth
be whispered, Palo Alto quit. In stakes
gone by Palo Alto has applied the incen
diary match to many, a pile- of ready
money, because of his habit of hesitating
on his game" and* allowing an easy op
ponent to outpoint him. Time alone, how
ever, can fade the vision of the awful ex
hibition, of Palo 'Alto's latest refusal. In
the language of the admirers who were
the victims in the champion's last case of
arson, "The king Is a dead one."
Championship Tennis. ..
The championship tournaments of the
northern- and southern parts of the. coaut
are interesting.- the local tennis men at
present. The Oregon -State championship
' will commence on August 29 and will
probably last about a week. Thn present
champion of Oregon W» William Goss, who
with Carl Lewis also holds the champion
ship in^ doubles. Dick Adams, the Stan
ford'player,'visited-Oregon recently and
disposed of , all the best players except
Goss. who boat him one set; Goss playod
in 1 one of. the local tournaments and 'was
beaten by Grant Smith. ,
•| On August 7 the championship tourna-.
ment of Washington will be played., Louis
Freeman,' the ex-Stanford champion, is
the present champion. of the' State. The
players In Washington rank higher than
. those of Oregon. v Tho best players are
Freeman. Foulkes, "Coward. Uurd "and
Russell. ~ Karry Wiehe and DlclPvAdama.
the pony team who represented Stanford
• this -year, will in all . probability take In
, this tournament and are strong favorites
for llrat honors^ Freeman and Wiene are
very 1 evenly matched. .'¦-... • .
COMMENT ON SPORT
EVENTS OF THE DAY
Jeffries and Ruhlin Fight--- Coursing Notes
Championship Tennis Tournaments. f#;
The most important tournament In thesa
parts is the northwestern championship*
which is played annually on August 13.
Players from both Washington and Ore
gon [ contest 'in this tournament. -Free-'
man 13 also champion of- the Northwest.
Wiehe and Adams will also be seen In this
tournament. Southern California, will hold
its championship' tournaments, .commenc-'
ing, August. 5. The present champion in
singles is Alfonso Bell. The doubles cham
pions are Reuben Hunt and. Percy 1 Mur
dock of Alameda. Grant Smith and Drum
raond MacGavln. two of .this best me.n In
the California Tennl3 Club, will journey
south and try, for the championship. - \
The championship tournaments to be
held at San'Rafael in August and Septem
ber will be the biggest events In . tennis
e,ver held on the coast. Besides tho Iocs!
cracks the champions from both the north
and south will take part. Particular at
tention will be-. paid to the events for
women this year. Heretofore the women's
tournaments. have .attracted but little at-,
tentlon. but this, year they will be mad?
one of the features. There will be tw-»
new events for women, the doubles and
mixed doubles.
• •The best lady players who ar© expected
to enter are the Misses Sutton of Southern
California; Miss Hall, the present coast
champion; Miss Klstoo, champion of
Honolulu; Miss Hoffman, ex -champion <>f
the coast; Miss * Hunter. Miss Uaslttt.
-Mrs. Ktncaid and Mrs. Du Ranter, all et
Alameda. , ¦...•''
honors so bravely and honestly won.
Of all the echoes of the shooting fes
tival the one that is loudest Is the dispute
among the marksmen in regard to the
relative merit of rapid- sharpshooting or
deliberate, slow and postponed'rifle-per
formances for the kingly honors. Adolph
Strecker is a rapid sharpshooter, and he
is king with a score., of S94 . on the point
target. Louis P. Ittel of Pittsburg is a
elow performer, a man that waits upon
time, place and circumstance 'before he
steps Into the stalls for "work. "When he
shoots his bo'Jy must be attuned to the
work in front of him. He does not run
his strings out in rapid, successive order.
Strecker, on the other, hand, keeps' up a
steady flre.and In a Blnglciday finishes
the 200 shots for" the highest honors a
rifleman may reach in America. William
Hayes is also a. rapid shooter. When he
•won the kingship in 1898 his twenty strings
were made In five hours. Think of it, 200
shots In that space of time! Almost a shot
a minute, which is marvelous work when
the v time consumed' In filling, ramroding
and loading is considered. No wonder,
then,- that after the glory is fought for
and won the king is physically a wreck.
Unkinged William Hayes • said a few
nights ago, when the. air sizzled with gun
shot reminiscences', that a feather*' blown
against him three minutes after his king
shoot would have laid him supine on the
floor. Hayes is if man of remarkable nerv
ous force and in'Iooks far more wiry and
capable of muscular .endurance than
Strecker. The California , king j scouts
every venture, into -the solution of . the
character puzzle. -Thin /and spare of fig
ure, he is a wonder, for pure .nervous
force.' After his remarkable shooting, ac
complished In a single day, he was bright,
strong and keenly alert to everything that
was transpiring about him. ,
' Not tho heavy man nor rtiestrong man
makes the greater . Bhooter. . Go . on', the
rangfs end look at them and you will find
the * record chatterers- and the ibullseye
pingersraen of drawn faces, and narrow
physique. The shooters will 1 tell you that
when he puts on wejght he is; no longer
as good as he was in the days of muscle
without adipose. His nerve and the fine
quality of precise muscular articulation
seem to vanish. . < ,
Much comment has been rife about the
superiority of holding the gun one way
or another. The most successful marks-
The target shooter of to-day Is not thn
came at th« one of yesterday. He varies
and improves, and under conditions that
demand better and higher clans perform'
ancts hf rise* to the occasion and ele
vates himself to a platform height over
looking the deeds of his predecessors who
are enrolled in th« book of snapshooting
fame. Adolph Btrccker is the man of the
hour, yet he knows that his hold on
championship honors will be the matter
of a few years at the most. He has hit
the target that rang back the kingship
of a nation, but he never expects to do it
again, for on the horizon younger sharp
shooters with equal skill and with equal
nerve have appeared to steal away his
Ten days at Shell Mound while these
world's marksmen were straining eye,
nerve and muscle tell a lesson full of im
port. The Governor of the State and his
martial «taff visited the ranges during
the heat of it all and ground out plati
tudes Jn burning profusion about the
value of marksmanship to the common
wealth. That was one pha«e of it. The"
historic Fide was also treated at length.
But the most interesting phase was indi
vidual and personal. The men who
plugged away at target* the live long day
and accomplished something more in rifle
Fhootins than the chronicles of »ast year
Fhow wlU lcav« an Imprint in the tabula
tions of rifle records that will not soon be
effaced.
T noon hour on Tuesday, July 23,
of this year a ten days' shooting
IJI festival came to an end at Shell
Jj\ Mound Park. Columns after col
m umns were printed about it in the
v big metropolitan dailies from San
Francisco to New York. It was national
in character and created a worldwide in
terest. Xothin? like it will be seen in this
country for at least three years, and
probably not then, if the consensus of
opinion among the rifle experts of Ameri
ca has any true meaning. Champions
were undermined and new world's records
established. The most skillful of rifle
shooters of past and present decades were
in attendance. They ehot their strings—
come lo trepidation and some In calm con
fidence—and in every German home in
Ban Francisco to-day the third National
Bundes Festival is a sharply defined en
tity that will last long in memory and
recollection.
Personality and Individuality Count for
Much in Actual Competition.
CHAMPION RIFLEMEN
ARE THIN AND SPARE
,THE^. SUN t) A Y £ GALL-
SPORTS ECHOES FROM THE FIELD AND THE RANGES SPORTS
9THE SUNDAY CAJLIi.
A dear little gown Is of white organdy
over pale pink.7 The waist has a square
yoke made of insertion edged with ajflou
ble ruffle of lace, a knot of "white satin
In spite of tia fact that onr dteatrl*
milder than any other there axe days
when heavy clothing. Is necessary for
warmth.. Many mother* object to dark
clothes, preferring the whltd frocks for
their little ones. They guard against th»
possible onslaught of croup and colds by
adding under th» frock a long-sleevsd,
high-necked slip of flannel matching la
color the dress. For most houses, how
ever, the temperature is quite high enough
to allow even the most delicate child to
wear thin materials and the slip Is worn
only for the dally walk.
To dress a growing child wen, Indlrldo.
ality of its appearance must be consulted
us well a3 its individuality of character.
and a shaped. collar edged with embroM-;
ery finishes the low-cut yoke. '; To be worn /
with- this is a' white*- guimp prettily
trimmed ,wiUi hand 'embroidery. To vcry^
thin children the long-waisted fashion la
most unbecoming and to be avoided..
The only dark colors allowed for chil
dren are dark blues; and bright reds. .In
the soft challles they are especially pretty
ajid make charming little • frocks -when
made up ; with narrow black] velvet baby
ribbon or 'trimmed with broad sashes hav
.Ing fringed ends. ., i>-;Vi.-.
' A- question -which Is raised time - and
time . again' is whether frocks of thin ma
terials are warm enough for winter wear.
ribbon, which has a faint tracery of black
is fastened on. the left side. The sleeves s,
are long and made of tucksand Inser
tion. The skirt has .three four-inch ruf
fles, edged with lace,"; the top one finished ¦
with a double row of the lace gathered
and put on very full. The belt. is of the;
ribbon ' and «• ties In a : huge bow, the ends
falling to the foot of the. skirt. A gown
which Is very becoming to the possessor.
of light, fluffy hair. Is a ,pale-gTeen or- '_
gandy over green; The waist has yoke
and collar, unlined, of Insertion, . and is .
finished with a full ruffle of the organdy
edged with cream lace." . The . sleeves are ¦
long and are trimmed with bands of In
sertion.. The skirt has three narrow ruf
fles for trimming. '/The belt and knot on;
yoke are of heavy satin ribbon! to- match:
Pretty petticoats having very lull flounces/
and; loads of lace are worn with 'these •
gowns. .. ' "../.""
dresses for evening are made of '
India and Liberty .'silk prettily trimmed
with lace or hand embroidery. The skirta ,
must be very full and are' best primmed |
with accordion pleated ruffles. "
Some mothers think that lots of gowns
are, necessary and needlessly, spend -timo .
and money. The smartest looking girls ,
to-day are the ones who have few clothes.
but these few'.well made and fitting per
fectly. "¦ Outfits for tiny- tots are exceed
ingly simple,' but exquisitely dainty. The
quaint Bother Hubbards which never losol
their popularity,' small wonder as there Is
no; other style;more becoming, and dress*7
frocks made , of soft silks comprise thr,
limited- wardrobe. Colored-; linens, per •
cales, white and. checked dimities and
light flannels are' made, into Mother
Hubbards* .The yoke -'and cuffs are
smocked and the skirtsare finished with
a broad, hem and three or four tucks,
which canbe taken out in case of .shrink
age." Little ¦ dresses made of -soft silks
must : have [ very full skirts. Tiny girls
can wear ruffles as well as older ones, so
the ruffles 'either gathered or accordion-
TJleated are put on-the foot of. the skirt
or 1 the '.•skirts may be tucked; within; six
inches of 'the knee, making a full, flaring
ruffle and the long-waisted ¦ effect' itow^
worn. ; A' broad hem and fluffy petticoat*
holds' the ruffle out and makes. the lit Je
lady look very smart. .
The long- waisted frocks are very stylish
and look well on children; 'They must
fit j well' and have a full ruffle. Gingham
frocks .are 'box-pleated,, fit. smoothly and
have a* full ruffle attached by a band of
insertion. The sleeves reach to the elbow
Poses by Stella Eosetta of the
Alcazar. Dresses from Davi3,
SchonTK-asser & Co. "
Photos by Alisky . . /
THE objection Is sometimes put for
ward that a young girl is 'made
self-conscious by having much at
tention raid to her clothes. It Is
a mistaken Idea. A girl whose
clothes fit her comfortably anil well rare- «
ly ever bestows a thought upon her ap
pearance unless she has been bored to
death with numberless fittings.
The common sense of to-day shows It
self most noticeably in the fashions {or
young: people. Simplicity, comfort and
exquisite daintiness characterize the
frocks. " .
Overdressed children are worse than
overdressed women, and more to be pitied
—they are the Innocent victims of inju
dicious mothers.
Girls between the ages of 15 and 17 are
sometimes a despair to fond mammas, as
they are usually too long and thin to
¦wear this, or too short and broad to wear
that. Usually their : frocks are second
editions cf their big sister's modified to
suit figure and height The materials used
are the same unless, of course, "for an
old laoy" Is stamped plainly on them. To,
•rrear during these summer months the
I trim outing suits, as they are called, are
the thing. The short Eton with plain
skirt -with flounce tucks or insertion for
trimming seems to be the popular mode.
Linen, duck, mercerized and handspun
Russian crash make most girlish and
fetching frocks and launder beautifully.
A smart little gown Is of pale blue linen
trimmed with narrow white braid, stitch
ed on flat. The skirt has a shaped flounce
¦which Is finished -with five rows of brafd.
The waist is softly bloused In front, the
round yoke, collar and belt are trimmed
¦with braid- A tan Unen has a short Eton
Jacket, Ttvtth rolling collar and lapels.
Ecru Insertion trims the Jacket and Joins
the flounce to the skirt. A rough 6traw
hat trlmmad with a huge black velvet
bow completes this stylish suit. For the
little maid who yachts there Is a sailor
eult of white duck. The blouse has an
openwork embroidery collar \ cut away
from th« neck In a V chape. A black
taffeta knot ties under ,the collar and
falls to th« . belt. In this pretty necks
chow- to advantage and In so doing be
come generously sunburned. The Bklrt
has the same shaped ruffle as the tan
linen end is finished with an Inch band
of embroidery.
Heavy Unen In pale green makes a de
liciously Cool-looking frock. The short
Etch jacket and the skirt are trimmed
td'-h «crn Insertion. When worn with a
soft, fluffy waist, nothing could be dain
tier.
I Crisp, fresh-looking organdies mako
charming summer gowns for young girls
and have the additional advantage i of
laundering extremely well. Ther come In
all the light colors, but pale blues, greens
and white over some color are the best
Investment.
FIFTEEN HUNDRED JAPANESE SOLDIERS ARE REQUIRED TO PROTECT THE CAMPHOR INDUSTRY OF FORMOSA.
THE large Island of Formosa, off the
east coast of China, fell to Japan a
few years ago as one of the prizes
of war. The Island Is famous for
two products. The hill slopes of the west
grow some of the finest teas in the world,
the Oolongs and other Formosan teas
being highly esteemed in this country,
where nearly the entire crop is consumed.
The tree-dad mountains of. the east con
tain the largest camphor forests In the
world.. Most of the camphor kept in our
drug stores comes from Formosa. Japan
now produces only about 300,000. pounds
a year; the yield in China "has never ex
ceeded 220,000 pounds a»year; but 7.000,000
pounds, of camphor were taken from the
forests of Formosa in LS93 and In the past
four years the annual yield has averaged
over 6,000,000 pounds. "Formosa' controls
the camphor market of the world and will
probably always be the/great source of
this valuable gum. For some time past
the purchasers of camphor have been
compelled to pay more for It than former
ly. The two principal reasons for the In
crease In price wUL.be mentioned here;
one of them is specially Interesting, for It
illustrates the difficulties arid dangers that
environ the camphor industry.- •« ..'
The mountains of .East Formosa are In
habited by savage. tribes' who are the bane
of the. island. Nearly, half of; Formosa* is
still occupied by. these murderous' men of
the forest whose weapons are •*.'- turned
against all- strangers. The ¦! fertile 5 plains
of the west, filled with peaceful Chinese
tillers of the. soil, present a t very different
aspect. : For , many years it was almoot
certain death; for sailors to be. wrecked
on the. east coast of the island. If they
escaped the sea' they 'were murdered by
the savages, y who . were'' always*, on the
lookout- for loot from vessels driven upon
the rocks of their, inhospitable coast. Ex
plorers have', not 'dared to venture. Into
some parts of ' these : mountains ' which are
still among . the leasts knownV portions of
thci world. The : savages are full of .: cun
ning and treachery. ' They are armed, with
bows and arrows,' knives and ; swords."
They are .very dark and muscular and ro
about "culte naked," except "for > a Fcanfy
strip of blue cloth ; about, the : waist.; In
recent years many of them have, acquired
matchlocks and. learned to use them. ¦
.' ;. One day , a . few j years ¦ ago,' j a party of
v English officers from"; a man-of-war; went,
up into the mountains and met a party of
'^natives armed with 'matchlocks. -* .They'
I challenged the natives to • a; trial- of r - skill
In shooting."; A target ; was- affixed to a
1 tree 3 about ; 300 \ f eet . distant and "- 'the . Eng- !
.llshmen.i made -what*. " they '.- ;. considered
.pretty fair i practice.' The : natives . looked-.
• on '.without any" apparent ' astonishment at
"the skill ; of ;their j rivals. . When it came
their turn. toi fire every/man of themdis
... appeared; In the" jungle. v ' 4 They crawled "on
; their 'stomachs j to within about '. nine feet,
of t thV- target - and / they .blazed awajv> Of !
course they all-hit- the target. in the.ceri-
I ter," ; s \\'hen the Englishmen protested.' that ¦
this ; method of :" conducting '; a*;, shooting,
match was hardly, fair, the natives, re
. : piled:,;.; > --; 'A-' . ¦• :: r : ' ¦'"'-.": ;.'¦..: :¦¦'-¦ :-- :
- . ", We; do not '-understand what . you ; mean '-,
by fair, but anyhow that Is; the way ;we
¦ shoot, Chinamen.',' >'; ', ' : ;:" . - ':
The ; men who collect most of the' cam- v
¦i phor; of ; the "world . have \ to .work > among j
these treacherous devils. They arej sent
up Into the mountains, pitch their camps
in the -forests and .depend upon
their ' guns and their: vigilance to protect
themselves »' from savage "enemies. ;y But
thoughjtheir wits 'are? sharpened jby? the
ever present danger whole parties!of them
ar e i sometimes ". slaughtered.^ The ! history
of ; the camphor .industry * in I Formosa has
many of these tragical incidents. > Though
armed" guards ' stand ¦ over ji the ; men while
\they are felllrig,the;trees: and extracting
the gum they may be attacked at any^ mo
ment * unless /-..the'-; savages : consider the
fores' before them . to"- bej too strong . for
them to : overcome.? Great^is^the .joy when
they : clean out a, camphor camp." !' All J. the
camp equipment and the food supplies'are
the S lesitimate spoils j of war ; -so ; there < Is
profit/ as .well" as "glory ? in the : murderous
business. t^The Vork of, getting \ the cam-,
phbr ; down . Into" the < plain's ) Is even ) more
dangerous 'than* collecting, it. vThe paths
are 1 narrow -and" the /carriers,., walking; In
long "[Single '; file, ,'j can ,; present '¦ no ,'¦ strong
f ront to the natives concealed 7along ; the
way. A strong'- escort front ; and ;: rear,'
beating'the- bushes' and scrub . for thej foe
who* may be lurking there, Is al ways nec
essaryto* insure safety. ':-.¦¦'. ¦'- . .-.-..;
"When the* Japanese 'became -fairly set
tled in -the ? Island • last- year they deter
mined 'to' putfariYerid, if possible, to . the
dangers that beset the camphor . Industry.
As ; a preliminary.', step • they detailed r 1500
"soldiers* tb; 'guard the^camphorlcamps and
convojr the' parties that' carry the*gum"out
of ; the 'i orests.l- In- these ' camps,' scattered
north and'south among the mountains for
a dlstance;of 140 miles, the. men are
Ing, to-day guardedly, a part' of ¦ the Japa
nese farmy. f: Thus ;- war land • industry I are
curiously j cpfnblned ¦ In \ the ' island of \ For
mosa^; As];a- rule, when armedT men _ are
around s looking ..-'for toVshoot
there; can; be* ho such ! thing: as industry in
their < neighborhood; ¦ Peaceful^ labor arid
the exploits of war are not congenial com
panions: ¦> But; among the '¦¦ forests j of For
mosa^the" soldier, is becoming. the valuable
adjtinct \ of industry, | and "it .'could, not
thrive very .well .without him. The.;Japa
nese proposes /-to C' use .'any
force; that; may- be required "to '/place* the
camphor business on a safe basis; but the .
cost of protecting -the camphor gatherers
is added to the cost of the' commodity and
there 'seems to be no reason "to complain
that this is not fair to all concerned. :
. Thi3;is the- principal reason why the^
price of : camphor has " advanced. - 'There"
is another reason for It also," and it may
be said ; that ¦ the ¦, price ¦ Is likely \ to* con
tlnue 'at \ar good^ figure. 'Japan, liKe
France ; and ;= Spain, " is \ desirous ', to obtain 1
a monopoly in*' one \ or,: wore <commoditles\
that; will ; bring a^large revenue into the
Government Treasury. How-could a mo
nopoly be more easily established than In
the article: of camphor, 'the; whole tsup
ply'of which Is ";..' practically confined, to
» ne Japanese island ? ',-[ So = the • authorities
UtclaredawhUe ago Cthat. thenceforth the
camphor industry should be a Government
monopoly. -...!.", , . ¦
Any one may. collect, camphor to-day,
who can secure a ", permit to do so, and
permits are ' not difficult . to j obtain. - . But
not a" pound : of J the -product 'can » be "gold
to 'any ..one .but i the ; Governments which *
fixes the price ' to be ; paid. .The • price " ia
sa!d fully to compensate the collector*,
but a limitation upon the amount of th»
product will prevent too many collector*
from crowding into the field. The Govern
ment' names the maximum amount to -to
produced and will not buy a pound In ex
cess of the limit. It was said awhile ago
that the* amount to be produced this year
would not - exceed 40.000 piculs (5,320,000
pounds). 'As Japan does not Intend that
•the market "shall be oversupplled. there
seems to be no prospect' of any large fluc
tuation in future prices.
The world igrrin profit at least by tn<i
efforts of Japan to preserve an industry
which, a few years ago, seemed threat
ened -with ultimate extinction. It is nec
essary to kill the tree in order to get tfte
gum.-. Contrary, to all previous practice, a
tree is now planted f or every one that
is killed-_ -Japan requires this to be dona,
and, moreover, is establishing plantations
of campnor trees so that Formosa, !t Is
expected, will in a : few) years . yield both
wild' and cultivated camphor.— Now Tori
oun* - ;
10
SUMMER GOWNS FOR SUMMER MISS: Gipgharn bonnets are trimmed with ruf
fles of fine. white embroidery, rand are per
haps the most useful kind of all/yet they
lack. the airiness of the organdy or mull,
a' quality Which undoubtedly, adds to their
fascination {for ; both wearers and be
holders.'':.! '"'*:... ¦'. !'-¦(' - ¦•' '¦'¦¦' "¦ ¦.'--•'
Some of the small dimity, and organdy
bonnets ': are Uttie round affairs, with • a
stiffened . scoop in ' front ! cut back so that
the ears are uncovered.. The stiff part of
the -bonnet. is trimmed with rows of tiny
rjiffles of the organdy ; the shirred crown
standsup'in a' puff, and across 'the bot
tom depends a small capelike rufflel-When"
madtjiof pale. blue organdy this bonnet is
charming; In 'its) effect.-- . ,
;'Bometlmes ; the ! front part of the .bonnet
curves, down on: the Bides and is shirred
on ' wires to - form old-fashioned -puffs,
while around the face l3.a full, lace
edged, double ruffle.
In pale pink inull with tiny Valenciennes
edging this bonnet is decidedly attractive,
and 'almost 'any fact that can boast even
a small claim to beauty looks stunning
when framed by 1 these soft, billowy ruf
fles, especially if they are in a becoming
color. ¦-,¦-. ;
-~» . ¦..,'-.-.- -s ¦ ••. .••-• -¦¦-. :"¦ ¦ <*..'/.-
O-f F7~ilR me \arlous sorts of summer
f I girls, the dimity girt, the white
J— j Click girl and the golf girl, come-s
i, j the newest of all— the fiun bonriet
X £irl. With her curls flying about
*r sun burned cheeks, her face never
>cked naif so bewitching as when thus
uaintiy baaed.
S"or sail;n-. u-nnls, i'olfinz and. indeed.
any cutaoor sport, the summer girl dons
this new and favorite head covering; and
sallies forth, ready to enjoy whatever fun
there is in store for her.*
She may tie the strings pf her old-fash
ioned headgear under her chin or leave
them fluttering to the breeze, just* which
ever happens to be the fancy of the mo
ment, for the sun l>onnet sirl is one who
indulgt-h every whim and is in for a most
enjoyable, time.
She doesn't wear her smart little boun'et
to keep off tan and - freckles, for tijesu
trifles do not bother her mind. Half the
time the bonnet is hanging down her back'
by the strings, or swinging over her arm,
and- again may be "carried by srime mem
ber gf the sterner sex. who' nutters "about
The golf sun bonnet, with its bright red
gorgeousness, makes a charming .bit ; of
color on the smooth green Jinks, and thepe
bonnets arg.- usually rather small, so as
not to interfere, with one's range of .vision.
There is a small' scoop coming low over
the face, but the sides are curved back to
the lower ; part •-'of . the crown, the 1 " whole
outside edge being finished with a single
medium'sized; ruffle bordered with lace. •
The simplest bonnets, however,. are the
prettiest and. the most :¦-. serviceable, for
when driving bIT prie doesn't; want to be
bothered with too many frills and ribljpn:?.
¦ For: sailing: there' is_, rio head- covering
quite so adaptable as the quaint ljttle's'up'
bonnet: • It is leas heavy on trie head than'
•a eailor 1 ; hat,, and" its shade protects" thijl
eyts ; lrGmthe : 3tare;of the sun and shtcn
of the Water. V- ', . - .
For the same reason that they are popu
lar ..with the, maidens they -are unpopular
with the maidens' escorts. It is tantaliss
ingly hard to catch a' glimpse of bewitch;
ing eyes, be they brown br_blue, when hid
den behind the: ruffles -that make so per
sistent a screen, . '•;'¦¦ / '•-.
A little ducking or tossing about on a
tennis court -doesn't hurt them in the
least, and- besides this advantage sun bon
nets . are extremely becoming to - most
faces, f
Bonnets are much easier to carry than
hats, and one doesn't run the risk of spoil
ing the freshness,' as ¦ most of them will
stand being laundered i:me and again. ¦
the belle of the season as -the proverbial
moth. ; . . ' -."¦.;¦ -¦'¦ ,• , • :
Fox the new. -lajca and i wasjJ^Jlk .scarfs,
wh^ch require some kind of k "foundation,
t ha ; mq.uss.elinc. epllar . answers; th$ pur-j
poso qxce^lantly. TJie tjlm/anfijun wrin
kled,* appearance scarfs assunie is most de
sirable oi\ melting; days, when .^the ther
mametep marks! h,igh collars an"uncom
fortable necessity- '•""*
Lawn, ties an^ dimity stocks are prettier
and, daintier, than 'it seemed possible to
make them.'^ Most of the stocks! are^ form
ed of a band, of fine tucking, while the ties
may b,e of ; figured dimity or, batiste daint
ily embroidered in colors. These ties and
scarfs are delicipusly. cool niece,s of neck
wear and they possess, a freshness that is
charming. . ¦ • ." .
Thin stocks, lace and sill: scarfs are
held well vri in shape when worn aver a
collar foun,d;it',on of this bind., and many
of ths fancy bits of nepkweaf are made
upen this light and cqol base. -
S«nj8 of the smart blouses and presses
which hqve for trimming the fashionable
broad lace insertions in straight or wavy
patterns show th.e collar fqrmed pf 3.. hand
of the same lace shaped and fitted 'upon
one of these, foundation stocks. Ajgund,
the top of the collar la sometimes tied a
br\n,d of blaclt velvet pr.'g. wide £io.uisino
ribbon of a delicate ar.d becoming shade,
Crushed intcTan inch wide fold and kr^ot r
ted at the back. When any. little decora-:
tion of* thjs kin.d is worn, the bgvf is %\
tyays placed directly at. the ba/^o.f th,e
neck. Very little jewelry is. worn . .with,
these simple trimmingfc— 110 pins at all— ¦
in fact, a dainty Le ValUere. or a string
of snia.U P,ea.rls are the cmly fashionable
adjuncts. • . -
Stiff pirme stocks have for a, long time
been used as a foundation for neckwear,
such as ties and ribbons and scarfs, but
betides being extremely uncomfortable
these stocks are the hottest things imag
inable. Of a necessity they must be very
stiff, and naturally- they are perfectly im
pervious to air. Their day, however, is
over, for a most delightful substitute has
been found in the mousseline collar, which
is well shaped, very thin and stiffened
juet enough to .keep its shape. This, foun
dation collar Js easily adjusted, not the
least bit elumsv and is perfectly pliable.
With the disappearance of these chokers
no doubt will go the .ugly brown marks
that have digngured many a pretty neck.
A somewhat simpler neck finish for a
sheer organdie blouse is a straight bar«il
of fine tucking running- around. Many of
the smartest models show neck and sleeve
bands of this design. No sharp contrasts
~are worn, and the' new silk blouses all
come w;th plain stocks of th.e blouse ma
terial. Sometimes the how of; the stock is
fastened with a, small buckle v or there is
a turn over added, but even thi§ will more
often than not be made of the waist ma
terial. ,
siratffht across the top and finished, with
a tiny embroidery beading. These blouses
button up the back with small thread but
tocs and button, holes, or loops. The yoks
and extended collar must tit perfectly, for
the slightest wrinkle at the base of the.
throat spoils the entire effect-.
OLLARS and stocks this season
I / are prettier and daintier than
I \\ ever, and for coolness they have
j^ yet to be surpassed. Simplicity
seems to be the keynote of fash
ionable neckwear, with a decided prefer
ence for thyj collar that is made on th'i
bodice.
The smartest blouses have the yoke and
collar fashioned together in what is called
the lingerie style. This blouse does not
look well on evtry woman, and only tho
possessor of good shoulders and grace
fully rounded throat finds the unbroken
line fiom belt to the tip of the ears par
ticularly suited to her. This collar is real
ly the yoke extended, and the bodice de
~y(sign is prettily continued to its very top.
A charming blouse that shows entre
deux of lace and fine tucking running
around has the rame scheme showing in
the neck finish. If the stripes of lace are
put in diagonally, then the collar follows
the same pattern.
Lace and tuckinsr Jn Van Dyke points
fern-, the mode of trimming on another
attractive blouse, which has a -collar to
match, or, to speak correctly, forming a
part of the hodice itst'f, for these collars
are not detachable any more than the
jokes are. The material used for this
bodice is pale pink silk mull, sheer and
delicate. The rounded yoke is formed of
the mull in tiny lingerie tucks, which are
just a pinr'h of the material caught up
and stitched so that they appear like fine
cording.
Around the' outer edge of the yoke and
In curved rows extending to the waist are
let in band* of lace inserting, made «n
Van Dyke points. At the base of the
threat the top of the yoke is cut in the
same points, with a row of the Van Dyke
lace inserted, fitting the neck closely.
This forms the lower part of the collar.
Above this row of lace is dovetailed a
band of the vertical cutting, cut off
Another smart ruffle Is of white net
showing a faint dot outlined in, black.
Black velvet ribbons are used with this,
and the effect, though, odd, is particularly;
gO.Q,d. _ /
For wear on days that are not too warm
ruffles are the vogue, and just now they
are broader and fluffier than ever before.
"White and black or the combination of the
two are most popular, and silk net is tha
material from which the smartest are
made. The ruffle is quite broad and i3
long enough to extend to the bust line»
where the ends are tied with knots and
long streamers of velvet ribbon. The
streamers themselves are caught about at
the waist line and fastened with a rosette
of ribbon. *At the center of the back is
another chou of the velvet. A ruffle of
all white silk net and black velvet ribbon
is very fashionable.
Among separate stocks the newest Is thi
artists* model, a pretty design fashioned
of white silk showing Roman stripes, and
when the broad bias ends cross in front
there is fastened a tiny gold buckle.
"Sometimes the top of the collarless
blouse is cut in points or it is left round,
*n which case, the finish is a band of lac«
'insertion, showing, ju5.tab0ve.the edga
ot the bodice. Pearls are" appropriate foi
wear with this bodice and the crushed col
lar of tulle fastened at the back in a chou
is als.o a pretty accompaniment.
These, tulle choux are worn with both
low and high necked bodices, but they are
a fancy that will probably not outlive the
nOrCOllar fad. • .
For perfection of cSofness, however, th«
collarless bodice is without., an equal
among the modish woman's afternoon
blouses. The style Isn't one that should
ie.*adopte(i indiscriminately, however. Th«
bodice cut ofC abruptly at tlia base of tha
throat makes, a break in line that is vastly
unbecoming to the woman who doesn't
boast perfectly" shaped shoulders and slen«
der! throat.
the sttndat; ; cAiii*:
11
HERE IS THE SMART UP-TO-DATE SUN BONNET
AND HOW IT MAY BE
WORN WITH
PICTURESQUE EFFECT
COLL AND DAINTY NECK WEAD
FOR THE SUMMER MAID\ - THE : .VSUNDAY' ICALL; h
LIONS HAMPER A
RAILWAY.
5IR_ GUILFORD MOLESTVORTH
states that the construction of the
Uganda Railway involves an or
ganization equivalent to tho maln
• tenance • of an v - alien army, amountiiig x to '
over 20,000 men, In a practically waterless
country, devoid of resources and of all
means of animal and .wheeled transport.
, Even "at the advanced workings hundreds
of. miles In the heart of Africa, everything
had to be Imported from a distant coun
try, and from . railhead to the advanced
parties all stores, etc.. had until lately
to be carried on men's heads. Apart, too,
from the engineering difficulties, the scar
city of water greatly. hampered the work,
while-, the depredations of man-eating J
lions.' necessitating the election of special
stockades for the protection of the Indian
coolies' camps, involved the death' of two
officials . and about thirty coolie*.—Enci
neerlzur^Masaxla*. •_ ".
lips was a reproach. The painful proceu
is undergone at the age of puberty. Th#
patient places the head on tho lap of th«
performer. First tho lines ar» described
with charcoal; the skin is then punctured
by a sharp instrument of bone or steal,
driven by a small mallet — a pigment pro
pared: from a vegetable substance Is
dropped into the wound. Although the
subject be writhing in agony, no cry of
pain will escape him. Those around mak«
a, terrible noise with their songs during
the ordeal. Only a small portion can bo
done at' a time. "When the Inflammation
has subsided and the excoriation healed,
the operation la considered complete.
Tho Hula feather is a royal ornament
worn generally by the King's family—
chiefs and relatives. It is a medium-sized,
black feather with a white tip. The bird,
is said to be extinct.
The carvings are dons upon tho hardest
possible wood and until very* recently
with the rudest Instruments. They are
generally In the form of hideous mon
strosities, which are supposed to ba a
likeness of the family gods. Their earr
ings are principally historical— sometime*
they are decidedly vulgar, though always
If all the native races In the world were
paraded in any country it is the Polyne
slans that ; would win the moat "• favor for
physique, for character,^ for history. ',:,We'
1 can ; respect - and admire , them T foi\ t their
bravery and sterling .virtues. We 'have
fought against them . and found them
- worthy foemen; v they have : fought "with
us and have proved loyal . comrades. ; Ob
; stinate and "self-willed, proud arid super
stitious, warlike 'and- poetical,'* at /one time
: recklessly brave;. at another time helpless
in a ' panic ' of faarr royally, liberal to-day,'
shamelessly.' mean to-morrow j" they are'L
withal, light-hearted, good-natured' and I
capital company. -^- J-- ;.- ,, -
J They,- have [ been likened : to .our . savage
forefathers, : and : in t many - respects - they
have similar )• characteristics. - but where :
-It; appears that gradually '. the . Aryan
drove the - Polynesian race out of India
and"-. that the Polynesians -gradually ac
quired the art of navigation, pushed out
into unknown seas and made their way to
the Pacific. : ; ' ;. .
Ages must have passed- while the people
dwelt In those parts. They became navi
gators, crossing the neighboring seas, ac
quiring^ many! customs of a Semitic origin,
together . with some : words of their - lan
guage. This racVwas probably dwelling
in Arabia r and the . shores of the Persian-
Gulf. But a : time came when the Aryan
race began to make its" appearance, in
India, a race of superior caliber and prob
ably more numerous. "Before this intrud
ing race -the ancient Polynesians gradu
ally retreated, but not at once. There was
a .period • when much intercourse took
place "between 'the two races.
.There ¦ are some who believe that the
wonderful vigor and physique of the Poly
nesians will enable the race to exist. The
Polynesians are the finest and most inter- 1
estlng native race in the world without a
doubt. They are as bold as the frontier
tribes of India, whom, Indeed-, they much
resemble . without being ¦ so • sordid.
In many . customs, words and legends
they resemble the ancient Peruvians— the
inhabitants of Western South America— "
and yet it appears that the race once in
habited a mainland which is believed ' to
be India— Inland India, the plains and
foothills of | the ' Himalayas, >with their
borders touching the sea on the Persian
Gulf/ . -•¦.' ¦ .' ¦¦ s ."¦
whence they came or whither they went,
or, If asking, answered only > by gloomy
parable and mystic sayings. "
Out of the darkness they came, an un
fortunate, . fateful race/ driven by strange
destiny, from their' birthplace," doomed be
fore time ; to ;•• annihilation.- asking not
wanderings; ,but ; they have 'ever > beeh":V
race who trod lighUy on the ; land , with
naked 'feet and their footprints have" been
obliterated by -the' trampling of nameless
Invading hosts - and their "abiding places
have been lost under fields of battle, vol
canic eruptions and tidal waves.
The origin of the Polynesian ; race! is
wrapped In mystery. Having no historical
records, their whole knowledge of the past
being confined to oral traditions, and being
a ¦. wandering race, they knew little
themselves and less about their origin.
Our ethnologists have tried; to "trace, the
history of the " Polynesians by their "p *t
Vast though the subject be and wide,
the interval of space and . of time, unf et- -
tered by cataclysmal disasters and ter
restrial changes, the mind of the native
prophet ,or adept of less than 100 years
ago could grasp with . clearness the prin-.
ciples of creation, which has been, handed,
down as a legacy j from his forefathers.
He could explain the evolution and invo
lution of a germ, how it was -affected by
its surrounding elements and what' those
elements consisted of; he could describe
the contents of the' universe, recite hov*
the stars were sown throughout space,
their order and class, and the forces
¦ which keep them suspended' and circling'
In their respective spheres; he- could point
to the four parts -of the "girdle or the
sky" and tell us that "even these • points ¦.
participated in '. the unceasing motion vis
ible elsewhere; he .would state that far
beyond the "column of the sky," jbr milky
way, new worlds' were ever being created*
and that Rehua-Sirius is recorded to have .
rushed in brilliance through the dark
opening near. the Southern Cross on the
way to its present position In* the sky.
He would assert ' that all material and
visible phenomena was hastening 'onward
to its final equilibrium; that as a man was
born of. his mother,, the. earth, so he re T
turns again to ~ her. - The Maori 'prophet
will tell that his progenitors had originally
belonged to a large ' country, the borders
' of j which almost extended | to - New SSea- 1
! land; • that the principal part ' of that
country was suddenly submerged by sub
terranean forces, and that a large portion
of the people of his race perished, at the
same'time historical buildings containing '
tho records <f history and all other treas
ure were lost . ' ; .
frequently derived from some circum
stance connected with the birth or lif« of
the possessor, and finally Important prln
"«1nle« turn «vfttiTru»« n««nr»1«tA<1 In a. n«rn«.
viduals -who have succeeded each other
in their generations; Individual names are
"With a variation In orthography • only",
\re at this remote period find perfect har
mony In the genealogical tables of these
people, who,- for hundreds of yeara. have
been separated by "that vast surface of
heaving waters. Polynesian history is
built up In the lives - and works of indi-
1FUCI> in my genealogical researches
regarding the Polynesian races that
the Maoris, Tongans,' Tahltians, Sa
moan3 and Hawailans can, without
difficulty, be proved one and the same
family. My researches carry us back un
erringly to a period of probably 1000 years
ago, -which may be considered as fairly
remote in two ancestral lines, as thus:
Maori— Tol, Whatonga, Raura. ' ; •::-'
Samoan- Ta. Atonga, Raulu.
Maorlori (the people, who are supposed
to have inhabited New Zealand before
the Maoris)— Tol, Hatonga, Raura.-
Here we have absolute agreement In the
order and names of these ancestors of the
Maori and Samoans. The variation in
orthography is due to the peculiar dialect
•which the latter have no doubt contracted
by closer contact with their barbarous
Epeaking neighbors of the west By trac
ing these lines down to the present day it
¦will be found that they severally give a
mean of about forty generations; some
more, others again less. Assuming twenty
five years to fairly represent a generation,
¦we have here a period in Polynesian his
tory of 1000 years ago; which absolutely
accords with that of their kindred of Sa
moa, whUe that of the Maoriori, whose
Isolation from New Zealand was as com
plete as that of the Samoan, also t glve the
- names in the same order. If not fully:
Raratongan— Moemetua, Moeltiiti.
Tahltlan— Moeteraur, Moeltiiti.
Maori— Mouriarl, Moitilti.
Finally, if we choose to review a period
which is at the least twenty generations,
or about 500. years earlier," 1500 years ago,
-we may do so thus:
Hawaiian— Laka, Wahieioa, Aloha,
Maori— Rata, Wahiero, Aroha.
Samoan— Talofa.
our race was doggedly persistent the
Polynesian is; erratic and uncertain ; and
whereas our ¦; race proved their capacity
for development 1 and advancement ; In the
march -of civilization,; the Polynesian has
been left ¦ behind and in . many things
shows that he belongs to a decadent raceH
Perhaps the legend of the Lake- Waik
aremoana would be'- most appropriate- in
showing how everything is handed ; from
one to another, and the beauty, of such. .
My. guide \ commenced thei legend as fol
lows: "And now that we are here among
the silent home,s of the ancient people it \
Is well that I should tell youthe, legends
of the ' 'sea ¦ of the rippling waters,".- for .
that is why I followed you through the
dark forests and across the snowy moun
tains which : lie ¦ far away, where . the sky ••
hangs down. /And Its is- not an Idle Jour- .
ney, bufone in which there is much to be
learned and much to be seen. But you
must .not be" alarmed at x the . monsters
which inhabit the . sea . of WaikaTe, for I
'am an ariki .tanlwha (lord of dragons),,
therefore if ..isfwell. I should be with you, :
for no taniwha will molest" you; and
be strenuous hi retaining what I impart,
for I kriow ; that you have n*ot eaten of the '¦•
sacred herb which binds ' knowledge, ac- *
quired. ' ";'¦;•'¦' ¦ \ -
"Friend, ltis well that we are alone, for
the people that are with us have little love
for* r the; gallant stories : of old. • I'il^fell
them to. you sothat you can preserve the
traditions of my peofcle and * record them
that they may be; rltained In ,the' world"
of light. -I will. give you one* of the tradi-^
tlons, the story of Rakahanga, a legend of •
the Tariira,. or aboriginal people" of' Kal
kare.\ Moana Rakahanga.-1-te-rangt r was ¦
a.pahi (a virgin, .a ; betrothed * : girl) of ah- ;
clent times,: and dwelt Wth her people at
Tauranga (Poverty; Bay). . V.
> "The fame of her. beauty reached .the .
chiefs of , the : l multitude V of : Tanira, 'who- :
dwelt by the shores of the rippling sea of
Waikare. {. So" the thought grew: let us ac-. .
quire > this j famous * and : lovely ; lady as a '.
wife for one of usr Then" Rongo-tawa", our ''¦[
descendant ; of Whaitiri, with Han and.:
Rorigb-I-te-Karangi, ' formed with* great '
care \&~ party 'of _ seventy : men, •', whoVwere '_
so 1 . selected to ; be ' all men ¦ at fine s ap
pearance and f equal slzelvi They 'were also
: weir trained .Up. 1 , the various kinds'of ; songs ; .
and * dances. : Their ¦ object ".was f to : show. -
what , fine' meii [ the \ Tanira ; race • were ; and -
how;?; greatly; Q accomplished, C that ,¦; Lady :
Rakahanga might'ehoose a husband from ;.
the. visiting chief." t . e .":!".'.;
• "This • kind" of expedition Is - termed
•kortamahlne.' When about to commence
their Journey? a council of the chiefs de
cided that Han , was too ugly to form one
party, as he wore j a beard, so it
was I decided that he should be left be
hind, for it would never do to parade such
a plain . fellow before the famous beauty '.
Rakahanga.' Thus the party, left without
him,, but Han, wiiowas a man endowed
with certain wondrous powers, hid him
self behind the prenake or bow of the
canoe which conveyed the party to
Taurariga and so. arrived -safely at the I
nlace ¦ where the men of ; the Te '. Taulra
landed arid proceeded to the village where
Rakahanga lived. \ '. ;'
: ,'t.When they were out of sight Han came j
forth from his place of concealment and
hid himself until nightfall. In the even-
Ing iinet- in . the" Whare-tapere,. or.
amusement-house,\ of the Pa, .where the :
visitors were to show their, various, ac- -.
complishments In order that one of their,
number might find favor in the eyes of :
Rakahanga. .'And some : of ""the ¦village
people, were sent to collect fuel, which
was to be ¦ caref ully^ selected In orderthat
the ; fires in the Whare-tapere might burn
clearly and 1 ' not ito' smoke."- But that de- -
c'eitful Han; drew near arid caused those
fires to i, smoke dreadfully by means^ of
the following song: 'Gather together the;
smoke from ' above; • gather*'. together the "
smoke ; from above and below.' : \ThIs In- "
cantatlon ',; produced so much smoke .that
many of the people,' including^ our heroine,
rushed' forth ;frozn the 'house * Into , the
darkness of the night, which concealed ¦¦
his ugliness, arid more so by a spell termed
Tan-patiti 7 (kind of song): managed'.to'In
gratiate .. himself with - the much sought "
Rakahanga.' • , -?\ x . , V.
"So much indeed did he take that iady's V
fancy ; that she . determined to . choose .this "
man " as ¦ her. husband, and so she marked ¦ <"
him? by ' pinching - his. forehead , that she
might^know him in the light of day. The [. '
next .'morning' y when: all were assembled'.
Rakahanga proceeded '¦ to search . for rtho ¦*;
man *she had chosen as* her husbaridTlobk- *
Ing ; closely, at each . of the visitors in or
der,, to detect her/mark. ". For. a long "time T
she i failed ? to detect .this r -i marked "\ man; jr.
until at last Han appeared,' and .then poor %
Raka was much disgusted to find in him
so Ill-favored a mail, ana tn« other chiefs
were much disgusted that this ugly fel
low should win so charming' a girl.
"So the Chief Kiwi disregarded" Han's
claims, took Rakahanga as a i wife for
himself » and accompanied : by his friend
(Weka. they started by -an inland track to
Waikaremoona. The deserted Han : . was
Indignant at lpsing his promised wife and
went in pursuit. -\. ' \"V-- . • ; ~" v
"As he Journeyed through the forest he
came to where two men named Tane
here-tl and : Tane-here-pi were spearing*
pigeons in a tree. Han inquired of these
men whether they had . seen any travel
ers pass byr They 1 replied, 'Yes, two men
and a woman have passed here.', So Han
went on until he reached Waiinaha," where
he Kiwi and his companions.
Han, armed with " his famous greenstone
battle axe, "Hawea-te-marama, at once at- ,
tacked the two men and slew Kiwi, but'
Weka and Rakahanga escaped and fled far
away into the forest. . Friend, lest you be
misled,; this is not the^same " Weka who
married Toroa, for. that wasi long after.
And so Weka and Raka traveled on across
the greafhiHs until: they came' to Te
Ringa Falls, on the'Wairoa River.
"The night was falling when they ar
rived at the' place; the "darkness settled
down as they traversed the summit of tho
dread . cliff above the fall ; a 'great ' feat
came upon Eaka and she said, .'Friend
let us be cautious lest we fall from this
great cliff,' but "Weka said, 'Fear not,
this is : the track by which we go.' But
as he spoke they came to the highest and
most dangerous part^f the cliff: and
Weka quickly turned and thrust the poor
girl over the edge - of the rock Into the
black chasm below.T The : reason. of this
act was the fact that Raka 'had favored
the . ugly- man :Han at . Taursinga.; Thus
In that fearful chasm : perished. Rakahan
sa-i-ti-Rangi, the famous «juhl of old.
And her- last words were 'Hepo Rakahari
ga ra : 1 " * ru : a *v V t'Py. darKness } was } Kaka
hanga confounded')lvJ*jffBfflH
• >. -•-;- •¦ ;'. '•'. ._¦¦" "¦
¦The practice of moko or tattoo was for
merly universal/ but it' Is going' out- of
fashion. - They * use , several patterns, and
the operation js ''performed ' by ) skilled ar- ,
tists. >This i oriaxnent ; was de€*ned nece*- ;
sary to manhood, and a woman, of red .
12
NATIVES
OF
NEW
ZEALANDSECRETARY LONG WILL PROHIBIT OFFICERS
OF NAVY FROM TALKING FOR PUBLICATION
CONCERNING SCHLEY-SAMPSON CONTROVERSY
NEW BATTLESHIP MAINE GLIDES FROM CRADLE
AND IS SUCCESSFULLY LAUNCHED AT THE
YARDS OF THE CRAMPS AT PHILADELPHIA
One of Largest Crowds That Has Ever Seen War Vesser Leave Ways at
Cramps Makes Patriotic Demonstration in Honor of Ship That Will
Replace Ill-Fated. Craft Whose Shapeless Mass Lies in Havana Harbor
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, JUliYg|fpMoi|||l^^g^^^^^§
iPRICE FIVE CENTS.
VOLUME XC-NO. 08.
x. tlwuu It! IV LtLd
Pages; 13 to 22
CALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET,
N: 4 W. f WASHINGTON, July 27.-
Believing .that irresponsible dls
. .cusslon should cease now that an
' - '¦ /official investigation' is /to be
made, Secretary Long will issue an order
next week . forbidding officers - of the ser
vice' from | talking, for publication. This
order. It is explained to-day, Is In no sense
intended to "muzzle" officers. They will
be -given* an opportunity to make their
statements under oath, when they must
tell- the truth, the whole truth and noth
irig^but .the .truth. . Judge. Advocate Gen
eral Lemly will make a complete list of
,-** Exact Position •Recorded.^ '"
. It was agreed upon between the two op
erators, George - Kroncke • of - the •' German
ship and William Hepworth on the Luca
nla, .that the test was a\ semi-private ;af
falr.'and the messages were In the nature
of friendly ; greetings, with the
that several ) times during : the passage of
reading- her signals.
NEW 'YORK, July 27.— Between the
¦ steamship Kaiser Wilhjlrn der . Grosse of
th| North Gerriian Lloyd line and the Cu
nard steamship Lucanla a very success
ful test of the operation of the Marconi
wireless telegraph system was made this
afternoon In the waters of '-New' York
harbor. The Lucania sailed for Liverpool
at! o'clock- this . afternoon... while • '• the
Kaiser j Wllhelm der Grosse • remained
berthed at. pier 51, North River, . from
which she will sail on Tuesday next! For
'more than^ an' hour _. the two vessels were
in constant communication with * each
other, and until the Lucanla passed. out
of the Narrows there was no difficulty in
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Wonderful Working of the
Marconi System of Wire
less Telegraphy.
Success ot Messages Sent
From an Outgoing
Vessel.
SIGNALS FLASH
BETWEEN GREAT
OCEAN STEAMERS
ducers. X .'¦ ¦"' ¦.'•_'"''' . .¦ y. ¦ ¦%'¦-.:{':¦
The i ¦c6mpetltion';-to .: sell / howerer, • has
gradually forced down the' price of crude
oil until ' In* Kern County sales of stock j on
hand have"' been ' made' as low >s '¦ 17 : cents
a barrel;; a'! price 'which, could'only- be dis
astrous .to , the ¦ producers if continued .Jin-
. definitely. V ¦>.'• ; ,-. /« V :'¦ ;, : ' : .¦ '
With this condition facing them the ne
cessity: became' apparent ; to • all • the pro
ducers to do -.something Cto rre'store^ profit
In" oil production-, by ¦... raising' ; the" price.
While there -were many operators, in the
Kern , River field, 7 there -were : a few | men
who controlled the greater part of the • land,
and for some day's, they-haye been. corisla-'
erlng/the" situation, : finally 'reaching an
agreement . on 'the lines : on .which organ
ization .should i be. perfected. This plan
was finally put Into the hands of .W. S.
Porter of ; Los Angeles to- work'out, and
so" successfully", has. the"; work- been .done
that twelve companies, representing. 65 per
cent ' of the Kern , River, field,; have- now
signed and| other; companies are. rapidly
entering the combine:; It-represents a'cap
italization of between arid 5100,
000,000/' •!" C; 5- i '>." '¦},'¦ \ \- ¦''¦:, '¦) ':.' ¦¦ .'¦; -ji'K
Companies That | Have Signed. ¦'. .¦ '
The twelve": Kern River cpmpaniesi which
may be : classed 1 - as Jthe i'lcharter mem
bers",' of the combine '. are - said 5 to ¦ be :
Monte* Cristo,' '¦¦ Oil : : Corhpanj'. ': Reed :, Crude
Oil ! Company." Carifleld Oil 'Company,'. Pe
troleum . Development '.Company ,'; Imperial
Oil ' Company^ ': Chicago ¦ Crude -Oil j Com'r
pany ," San : Joaquin Oil "Company,/ Kern" Oil
Company,'; Sterling ~ Oir Company, ~\ Bear
Flag Oil Company/ Green ;&j;WhittIer;'oii
Company; and^Toney^OilCompanK.-^ -.'. ; -
'•: . This ' combine : will be supported^by ? Jew-*
ett • & ; Blodgett s arid ; others, J representing
almost , the entire acreage of ; Sunset ; by
Canfleld *& : Chanslor,'; with a' great acreage
ih' T . Midway,^ while' almost V all > of the com
panies lri'McKlttrickafe reported to; have'
signed 'contracts similar; to those signed
.by , the -Kern ."-.• River '- producers." /-The
Coallnga product Is •said- to be practically
. Special Dispatch to The Call.- :
LOS ANGELES,' j July ; 27.— The ¦ Herald
to-morrow r will' say:' For several
plans have been ¦ under j discussion*, for of
• ganlzing ' the'; oil • producers .of^California
to market J their j product . on \ co-operative
lines/- Two,, or three efforts made 'in that
line .fa lied,- because the ! condition was not
sufficiently disorganized to ', demonstrate
the" necessity 'of . cd-6peration : to the p^o-
Embraces Almost Jthe : Entire
- Output/ Throughout -
...¦¦; ThisJState/;-; J;
GIANT COMBINE
OF CALIFORNIA'S
OIL INTERESTS
Hundr^d^ Million^ dollar
; Consolidation Is ;
" ¦ <J Gpmpleted; ¦ : 'r
Continued on Page i Fourteen.
Continued on Pago FourtoOk.'
¦¦A Continued? on Page iFouribeen. ¦
Bremerton : a* Navy -Yard.
SEATTLE, July y 27.— Advices , from
¦Washington estate', that ' the . Secretary of
the Na\"y has ordered that hereafter the
naval establishment at Bremerton shall
be known as the : Bremerton - navy > yard
instead of the Bremerton naval station. •
Refuse s ¦ Demands ¦" of Strikers.
SPOKANE /'July- 27.^-A special "to? the
Spokesman-Review from Rossland;.' B. C,
states', that ; the : managers ? of all : . the^ big
talnes ir In " that 'district 'to-day . sent- ; formal
communications";; to. i the , -various :: labor
unions, declining to accede' to', thedemands
of 'their striking! employes. ' The^indica
tions t.now V ; are .that" the. strike will ; be
greatly 'protracted.
They had but one child, Edward Deering
Preble, who " left' three children, a son,'
Edward E. Preble, the navigator of ths
Kearsarge. and two daughters. ' Mrs. ; Ed
gar Tucker of : New York and Mrs. "W. H.
Anderson of Portland, mother of Miss
Mary. Preble Anderson.
Maine is 56 .per cent finished. Her
keel was laid in April. 1899, ; and the ship
will be ready for transfer to-the Govern
ment in eighteen months of" two -. years'
tine.. - 'v -. ¦ : ' - .-,.'¦
grandson of Commodore. Preble, who was
the' navigator of the ' Kearsarge in the
farcous battle ¦ with the ~AJa.b'ama. Com
modore Preble married Mary Deering in
1801. .
Commodore Preble' s , nephew, . Admiral
George H. Preble, saw active and distin
guished service in two wars, that against
Mexico,' where he participated in the bom
bardment of Vera Cruz, and the Civil War,
when, he commanded a vessel under
Farragut at New Orleans and Mobile.
With the third Portland Preble was Lieu
tenant Commander " Edward - E. Preble,
so that In 1803, as a commodore, he com
mended the famous expedition which
humbled the Barbary. pirates. ..- Commo
de re Preble was styled "the Father, of the
American Navy." .' .
V In a'confldeiitial letter.to Admiral Samp
son! • dated April .' 6, ;.: 1898; i Secretary i Long
stated that "the department did not .wish
the ( admiral to -^expose > the vessels of his
squadron '.to the.iflre .of -' the .batteries. at
Havana.; < Santiago de l Cuba or .other
strongly, fortified ports In Cuba"unle:|3 the
more formidable- Spanish- vessels should
take refuge" within" those .harbora.'i Even
¦ Secretary Long "declined .to say a word
about them. - Admiral . Sampson's state
ments^tally;generally,. however, r'wlth tue
official records," except with \regard to his
assertion ¦ that • "I '; had received . manda
tory orders ' from the Navy Department
not; to: jeopardize; any. of .'the '.Vessels on
the 'mine' fields orby. attacking heavy bat
terles untllthe' Spanish fleet'had been de
stroyed.^ - /\. ,- • './-¦'¦ ' •' r'y- \ ¦¦ ¦
spectVtO. the views 'expressed by the ad
'rnlrai. • ;
spondent in .Boston." which were prlntel
this morning. In view, of the department's
attitude' deprecating further newspaper
discussion none of the officers with whom
.The'- Call talked '. to-day
would ' authorize him to quote them in re-'
yesterday before Rear Admiral ' Sampson
expressed 'his * views j to The ' Call . corre-
"The decision of. Secretary Long to issue '
the order 'is the' result of various '' inter-
Views which have appeared since the agi
tation of the Schley-Sampson controversy
was. renewed by comment upon the Mac
lay., history. . This decision was reached'
Silent Concerning Sampson.
deem advisable. In this way every officer
who has any. Information bearing- upon
the conduct of Rear Admiral Schley or
any other officer- will' be placed ' on the
witness stand. ¦
officers and others who may. be able to.
throw light upon the. subject under In
quiry. If Rear Admiral ; Schley should
find . the list ; incomplete hie ' will be per
mitted to add such names as - he may
particularly desirable that our Teasels
should not be crippled before the capture
or destruction of Spain's most formidable
vessels.
After war, had been declared Secretary
Long in telegraphic instruction to Ad
miral Sampson, dated April 2$, informed
'Admiral Sampson that "while the depart
ment-does not wish the bombardment ofi
forts protected -by cannon, it is within
your discretion to destroy light batteries
which may protect vesseta you desire to
attack, if you can do so. without exposure
¦to heavy guns."
On .May 5, Sampson was directed not
to risk so crippling? hl3 x vessels against
fortifications as to prevent ¦ them from
soon afterward lighting the Spanish fleet.
This message* was supplemented by a let
ter: in which the Secretary stated that
"the department is perfectly willing that
j you should eipo3e your ships to the
I heaviest guc3 . of land batteries, If In
your opinion there are Spanish vessels of
sufficient military ¦¦. Importance protected
by these guns to. make an attack advis
abl/, your chief aim' being for the present
the destruction of the enemy's principal '
As Shown by the Records.
- So far as the records of the department
show, there are no further instructions to ,
i Sampson regarding • risking his shlpa
against fortifications. But it . is ' pointed'
out that, the primary consideration of the
department was;; the destruction of the
Spanish fleet, whether protected by bat
teries or. not, and this could only be 'in
sured by i adopting r reasonable caution in
operations against shore guns. »
. It : Is the in Washington
that; Lieutenant Commander Stauntcn. ,
~who was Sampson's flag lieutenant, wrota
CRUISER BROOKLYN, THE FLAGSHIP OF COMMODORE -SCHLET
DURING THE BATTLE OF SANTIAGO BAT, AND TWO SPANISH OF
FICERS WHO UPHOLD THE AMERICAN COMMANDER.
T£irs Anderson belongs to a family that
has been identified with \ the American
navy as prominently as the Adams
fa:nl!y with American statesmanship
or the Lees with American armies.
The ancestor of the ¦ Portland
Prebles was a young soldier who
won fame at the siege of Loulsburg
in 1743. His son Edward was a boy when
the Revolution broke out. He joined the
American navy, distinguished himself and
aXtcr the Revolution attained high rank.
A» the last Umber that held the ship
was $aw«*« ?* t^aln and the vessel began
to move STf^s Anderson struck the bow
of th» ZS&ln* a blo'W Trlth a bottle" of
ehanrpp.cn* and formally christened her.
As the vessel slid off the ways a great
shoat feat up and every steam craft In
the vicinity began the tooting of whistles.
bee and other naval dignitaries who re
ceived Imitations were unable to attend.
The ceremony of christening the ship
¦was performed by Miss Mary Preble An
derson at Portland, Me., a descendant of
the Prebte family, that has added fame to
the jjara} honors of the country.
President McKlnley, Secretary of the
Navy Long. Admiral Dewey, Captain Slgs-
The Stata of Maine was officially repre
sented by Governor Hill and members of
his staTt. From Washington came Rear
Admirals Bradford, Melville and "Walker,
Lieutenant Commander Bailey, Captain
Leary, former Governor of Guam, and a
number of bureau chiefs of the Navy De
partment. .
Kensington, wherein the shipyard Is lo
cated, took * holiday and attended the
launching. Thousands of persons from
other parts of the city were on hand, and
as the yard *ras thrown open to the pub
lic every vantage point in the confines of
the place sivarmed with humanity. The
weather was beautiful.
-rp- PHILADELPHIA, July 27.— The bat
j I)J tleshtp Maine, designed to be big
||^ ger, stronger and faster than her
. naxneeake, whose shapeless mass
Ftlll lies in the harbor of Havana,
¦was successfully launched from the yards
of the Cramp Ship and Engine Building
Company to-day.
One of the largest crowds that has ever
seen a tvarshjp leave the ways at Cramp's
yards was on hand, and patriotism ran
•wild «» th« ship left her cradle.
Secretary Long's Seasons. i
Secretary Long "exjrcained that thsre
weretwo reasons for this, viz. : First,
that there might be no American troops
to occupy any captured stronghold or to
protect them from riot and arson until
after the dry season began, and second,
lack of docking facilities, which made it
In this case the department would suggest
that a rigid blockade and the employment ,
of . our ; torpedo-boats might accomplish
the desired object,' viz.: The destruction
of the enemy's vessels without subjectins
unnecessarily". our men-of-war to the fire
of land batteries." .
The story of the lynching. was brought
in by a cowboy, to-day and the Coroner
was_ notified. He j went out to the . scene
this afternoon and returned late to-night.
The story of \ the - cowboy in: relation to
the; lynching, cannot be verified, but
"Broncho Steve," who came in this even
ing, ¦ says that ; Rivera -- was hanged '. last
night and that the men who did the work
are not known about Hart's .ranch.:' It is
evident \ that he ' has been working on . the
range and had, either stolen a horse or
got Into other trouble which angered .tha
cowboys, and they ; followed him i to ' his
death. . : "
.-Rivera was a young man and -had 'been
seen by some of •; the cowboys . at ; Hart's
ranch before during a roundup of cattle.
It' Is ; the ' general * belief ; that he was • flee-"
Irig upon a stolen horse toward Tucson; '
Coroner Learns No Details .'
TUCSON, July 27.— Swift was'the venge
ance meted out to Ignacio Rivera, a Mex-~
lean vaquero,- by. a party of cowboys from
a ranch twenty-five ' miles south" of ..Tuc
son last night. ¦ : Rivera's ', crime '. was the
stealing of a horse— a capital on
the border. He was pursued by a "party
of men of the ranch from which the horse
was taken, lassoed after a chase of five
miles and strung up to a mesquite tree.
Not. until this ' morning, -when 'his body
was found swinging from a limbiwas the
fate that had overtaken him made known.
So silently and swiftly* did the self-con
stituted executioners carry out their plans
that It is not known even yet from what
ranch they came, nor has any light been
thrown upon events leading up to ihe pur
suit and. the lynching. ' Ranchmen and
cowboys In the vicinity are not" exerting
themselves to get the details, preferring
to refrain from too much curiosity. •
Early last evening ¦ "Broncho Steve,"
who is foreman of the 'Sahuarlto ranch,
twenty miles south of Tucson, saw a band
of cowboys pass his ranch, riding swiftly
in the direction of Tucson. The foreman's
suspicions were aroused^when they, passed
him without utterinB>a*word. • Cowboys
seldom ride hard without' yelling. Steve
decided to saddle ; his horse and follow
them, which he did at an early hour this
morning. , .';."-
Body Swinging to a Limb.
At Hart's ranch Steve found a crowd of
cowboys standing -.about the t body of'a
man swinging* to the' limb of ! a' mesquite
tree. He was a stranger to the .cowboys
in that^; section and* mystery surrounded
the affair until j^roncho^ Steve", arrived
and told'^of ¦ tiavingr seen I the .' posse .the
night .before. His information made It
plain" that the man. was a horsethlef, who
had been pursued I and caught by. cowboys
working upon a ranch farther, south! The
lynched man was later found to be' Ignacio
Rivera; this name being written on several
letters in his pockets. Rivera wasa Mex r
lean vaquero' and was this afternoon 'iden
tified as a cowboy who had been working
at a ranch-near the border line for some
time. ' . ¦ ¦. . f- ¦'.. _.' i
Cowboys at Hart's ranch, who heard
the pursuing band arrive, heard several
shots and saw a band of horsemen ap
proach in the darkness. They did not care
to inquire, into the • shooting, but j one 'of
them ventured close enough to distin
guish the forms "of the horsemen and saw
that one man In the crowd was apparently
held by a rope about his* body, as though
he had been lassoed, and was emptying
his six-shooter at the party which had
come upon him.
Rope the Horsethief.
Evidently, the posse did not care to
shoot Rivera, for the cowboys at Hart's
ranch say that all the shooting was done
by j the man who was afterward , hanged.
The cowboys In the attacking party rode
about their man as though . they 'were
trying to rope him so as . to fasten his
arms to his .body and prevent him using
his six-shooter. This they succeeded' In
doing before Rivera could do any damage
to : the .' lynching party, and Rivera'\was
jerked to the ground and J dragged some
distance to a mesquite tree. The Hart's
ranch cowboys then attempted .to Inter-'
fere, 'seeing that It was 'a fight In which
one man was opposed by. a half. "dozen,
but . the lynching party drove them back,
and they were powerless to do anything, i
Rivera was placed - beneath a limb of
the tree, a rope was '.tightened ( about his
neck and thrown over the ljmb at a point
where the body. would swing free of the
ground. After hauling Rivera up they
tied the, rope about the tree.- Then the
lynching party rode' back to' the ranch
house. I'
The cowboys were not aware until, this
morning of what had been the fate of the
man they' had seen . lassoed. They ¦: knew
that there. had been a fight, but did not
know that it had preceded a lynching.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
¦¦-•:¦ ¦•¦.- >
Cowboys From a Nearby Ranch. Are
Briven Back .When They At
tempt to Aid the Cap
tured Man.
Lasso Their Victim After a
."¦¦• Long Chase and Des
perate Fight.
• • - ; .. ¦.-.-.•. /
Quickly Avenge Stealing
of a? Horse Near
Tucson.
BORDER MEN
HANG THIEF
TO A LIMB
This Order, WhicM^n||e Issued Next Week, Is Not Intended as a "Muzzle"
ron^ of Santiago Bay, for They
; ;Wiil : ?Ail^Have^a Glian(||to Make Statements Before Court of Inquiry;
- y
The San Francisco Call
NEW BATTLESHIP. LAUNCHED
YESTERDAY AND YOUNG
LADY WHO CHRISTENED IT.Sets Fire to the Jail.
SAN RAFAEL. July 27.-Conslderable
excitement was caused at tho courthouse
at noon to-dny when heavy clouds of
dense smoke broke. forth ¦. from tho base
ment, or Jail portion of tho building.
Rushing downstairs Deputy Sheriff Lltch
tenberg.found that Gus Valencia, a pris
oner, had 'piled several mattresses find a
couple of beds together in his cell and ap
plied a match. Tho nro was promptly ex
tinguished. Valencia enjoys the unenvi
able reputation of having, been *ent to Jail
oltcner than any other man in the county.
IJo has been convicted about eighty times
of drunkenness and chicken stealing.
Indictment Against Kelso.
SANTA BARBARA, July 27.—The Grand
Jury reported this afternoon, finding an
Indictment "against William Kelso for the
alleged murder of Harry E. -Blochman on
the evening of July 3.
Bishop Hudson • and. "Indian Nick"
Quarrel and the Former Is
• - . Killed.
" WOODI*ANT>, July 27.— Advices from
Madison this evening conveyed the, news
of 'the murder of Bishop Hudson by "In
dian Nick." They had quarreled in a sa
loon and were ordered out. They went
Into tho back yard, and n few minutes
later the barkeeper found Hudson lying
on the ground, apparently unconscious.
Tho. physician who was summoned pro
nounced him dead. The Indian escaped.
MURDER, FOLLOWS ROW
IN A MADISON SALOON
LOS ANGELES, July 27.— Senator W.
A. •Clark, 'of Montana arrived In Lob An
geles - to-day. Apropos of the much
mooted auestion of an imminent bond Is
sue by the San Pedro, Los Angeies and
Salt Lake Railroad Company Mr. Clark
Bald: '. '¦¦
"1 presume that at some time In the
future there will be an issue of bonds on
our properties, but It is so remote that
we have not given and are not now giv
ing any thought or consideration to it." ;
The Senator will leave for the East on
Monday evening. ¦ ' ¦ '¦
Senator Clark. Says the San Pedro
Railroad Management Has . '
; Given 'It No Thought.
PROSPECT OF BOND ;, " '
. " ISSTJE IS FAR REMOTE
' OMAHA, July 27.— Lower temperatures
afforded but. little relief to-day . because
of the great humidity, which was 80 per
cent,. almost unprecedented' here".
ST. LOUIS, July 27.— The maximum
temperature was. 97. degrees to-day. There
were seven .deaths from heat. .
KANSAS CITY, July 27.— Although the
weather -is. much more :comfortable, the
temperaturerose'to.91 deK"*«s to-day, thi-j
being the thirty-seventh -day of the not
spell. There were two deaths from heat.
CINCINNATI?" July 2?.— The maximum
temperature was 09* and the hl£h humid
ity made the day very oppressive. _Heat
caused four deaths and twenty-six,.pros
trations. Of the prostrations sixteen oc
curred between the hours oi 6 and 10 this
evening.'' -
CHICAGO, July 27.— NJnety-flve, degrees
mark<id the mnxlmum ofllclaLtempcraturo
In Chlcnjfo to-day,, while the- humidity
registered 48 per cent, which Inten8ltle»l
.tho Buffering. Similar conditions are tx
pected to prevail to-morrow, according to
the predictions "of; the > Weather 'Uureuu.
Four personB died as a result of the heat,
and an equal'iiumber were proBtrated.
Thermometers on .'the. streets showed 83
to 102 In the shade and from 108 to 112" In
the sun. i
Humidity x in - Chicago
Causes, Very' Much
Suffering. - ;;¦:>• v;;-^
¦¦ , •
Weather Foreoastera Think
the Hot Spell Will
Continue. ;
FIERCE HEAT
DESTROYS LIVES
SIGNALS FLUSH.
GIANT COMBINE OF OIL INTEREST!!
A feature of the organization that' la
also encouraging to oil men Is that it re
moves, the danger .of - great activity In
drilling. when the oil mnrkot clnos not cIp
mand it. Under ( the * old condition each
company impelled' to develop Its: land
rapidly, »but; under the: combination of dn
terests there will be. drilling of wells only
as fast' as 'the necessity for proving land'
or the market conditions demand.' A ranid
restoration of : the equilibrium of supply
and demand is, therefore, expected to fol
low. _; i- ¦¦*.,.•¦¦'¦•..¦••'¦ • .. . ¦ ¦ ,
I Los Angeles. oil men.' find consolation' in
these facts, for 60 cents In Kern County
is equivalent' to, something better,. than $1
in Loo AnKelcfl, whereim: the prevailing
price. la in the neighborhood of 60 cents.
The former price -is'- discouraging, ¦ while
$1 a barrel leaves a good margin. of profit
to producers. r
Kroncke said to-day that he thought
the exhibition a very successful one, as
there were so many metal conductors
about New York that tended to divert the
effort to communicate with tho outgoing
English ship, and Interfered with her sig
nals sent back. Tho tall steel masts of
vessels in port; buildings largely of metal
construction, iron roofs and many, other
things. Kroncke said.- all received a por
tion of the electric Impulses sent out from
the two vessels.
800.000 barrels for delivery through- a se
ries of years • at $1 33, delivered In , San
Francisco. < ' , ¦ . '•' . \ ; •
Then the officers present, watching with
Interest the tickings and flashings ofc the
instruments located in a little house above
the after house on . the German ship.
United In the expressed wish that this
message should be sent to the Lucania,
miles away, "A happy voyage, good^by."
"Happy Voyage, Good' Bye."
After this time, although an electric
wave was ' recorded by tho machine on
the Kaiser WilhelmderGrosse, the mes
sages became Indistinct and- were read
with great difficulty, and finally It was
agreed between the operators .that : the
tests should cease. - ¦ ¦. •
Beginning with "How are you, old boy? *
from the English ship when that vessel
headed down the harbor,! messages passed
between the vessels as rapldlyasit was
possible to operate the delicate mechanism
required for their' transmission or recep
tion, and there was not a hitch or break
until a quarter past 2 o'clock, when the
operator on the Lucania announced the
steamship was passing out of the Nar
rows.
Continued From Page Thirteen.
tha Cunarder down the harbor Hepworth
sent back to shore the exact position of
the vessel. .'• •-
The Question of the future price of oil
has been entered Into quite fully In the
discussions between the members of the
combine and It is practically agreed that
tha price will be from CO to. 60 cents. as
soor. as the arrangements are perfected
for marketing oil, that price to prevail in
tho Kern County oil fields, < from which
the freight and switching charges to San
Francisco Bay points Is 47 cents a barrel,
making a total cost, dellvered.-of 97 cents
when the price in the field. is 50 cents. '.
That the Spreckels Sugar Refinery, peo
ple expect a still higher price in the near
future Is Indicated by the reported sale
to them by the Union Oil Company, of
Hrgh. Prices in Prospect.
In marketing the oil it -Is said to be the
plan to 'construct a pipe line to San Fran
cisco Bay, unless satisfactory rates can
be obtained from the railroads. It Is hoped
by the promoters of the company that
when the great bulk of the land In Kern
County is tied up and the combine stands
ready to make long-time contracts with
the railroads, the latter will not only
make a low freight rate, but that they will
supply the equipment necessary to handle
oil on a large scale, which they aro not
expected to do as long as they stand In
fcur of lofting the business. of transporting
oi*. through the building of pipe linen. Thus
the promoters. of the project believe the
transportation problem ¦ may be worked
cut without the necessity of building • a
pipe line.
The organization of the great combine
Is not sought on any line of mere con
tract to sell the oil for a series of years,
but for the combine to acquire the prop
erty of the various companies or the con
trolling interest In their stock, taking In
both the assets and liabilities of the vari
ous oil companies absorbed, and thus it
has become necessary to provide a fund.
One of the first tasks undertaken was to
engage a competent person to finance the
combine, and it is said that I. W. Hellman
has consented to do so, taking bonds to
the amount of $5,000,000, a sum considered
ample for equipping the combine for the
work It- has in hand.
Scheme of Organization.
all signed on long-term contracts, which
will not be used against- the interests of
the combine. The Los Angeles Oil Pro
ducers' Association will work in harmony
with the northern organization. The
Union Oil Company, the largest producer
in Southern California, is working • In
hearty sympathy with the. movement,
while many of the smaller companies in
other fields will be In sympathy with the
combine. Through all these agencies, it
is claimed, there will not be more than 5
or 10 per cent of the product of the State
on the open market in possible antag
onism to the combine.
Continued FroinPage*Thirteen;
?'Actions speak louder than words. Why
not apply it. to Admiral Schley? As a
Spaniard I look upon that .war as being
as unjust as the war which England is
now waging against the Boer republics.
"Schley impressed me as a gallant olll
cer and a high-minded gentloman. The
naval battle of Santiago was short and
decisive— so short that there was no time
for any exchange of compliments; so de
cisive that I can hardly believe that cow
ardice was thinkable. Tho fight was over
in about three hours and three quarters.
Had I been captured In the days of an
cient Rome my back might have been
used as a stepping place for the con
queror in mounting his horse.
"Admiral Schley treated me on terms of
absolute equality. His nagshlp.was west
In the blockading line, and was therefore
most exposed. She was engaged in a run
ning fight with the Viscaya and the Colon.
"When the Brooklyn and the Oregon
got within range of the Colon they opened
tire and the latter was compelled to run
ashore. The Cristobal Colon also struck
her colors to" the "Brooklyn and the Ore
gon. ¦ -,¦*.
"The Brooklyn, holding the westward ]
blockading position, was within the range
pf our ships and batteries all the time,
though our -ships lacked certain things
necessary for lull effectiveness. Admiral
Schley. 'showed ability and thoroughness."
NEW YORK. July 27.— The Journal has
a dispatch from Vichy. France, quoting
Admiral Cervera as raying:
Shown During the Battle.
Ability and ' Thoroughness Are
CEHVEEU. PRAISES SCHLEY.
was In anyway concerned with the con
troversy refuse to discuss any phase of
the affair.
But one who was on the Brooklyn dur
ing the battle gave in a personal conver
sation this graphic description of 'the
scene immediately after tho vessel had
completed her famous loop: , -.
"As we straightened out on the course
parallel with that of the enemy.'* he said,
"I noticed that we' had three of the Span
ish ships in line abreast, the leading ves
sel being off our starboard bow. Every
gun of the Brooklyn's starboard battery
was blazing and the smoke from them
hid everything astern. I looked around
to see what our other ships were 'doing,
but could see. none of them, rolling
clouds of smoke from our guns obscuring
everything astern and to a point well for
ward of our starboard quarter. 1 * ' '
"I turned to Captain Cook, who was
standing near and said: 'We are pretty
lonesome out here.' He glared back, and
Just them we" both saw what first looked
like a small tidal wave, a ridge of water
with foam boiling about it. As wo starod
at tha apparition, which came out of fog
like emoko lying on our starboard quar
ter, the great gray bows of a battleship
came into view nnd we knew that tho
wave which hnd puzzled us was tho bow
wave which the Oregon was carrying In
her whirlwind rush for the cnomy. The
thunder of our own guns had drowned
tho crashing l-.rondsldcs of that -splendid
battleship and not until thorn did we
know that the Oregon was anywhero near
us."
NEWPORT, R. I., July 27.— The state
ment made by CaDtaln Francis A. Cook
in which he unequivocally denounces as
"outrageously Incorrect" the charges
that the Brooklyn In turning ran two
miles to the southward, continues to at
tract much attention from naval officers
here. These have not been slow to recog
nize the Importance of that statement,
for If It can b« proved that the Hrooklyn
turned an quickly as her tuctical diameter
would permit, and which her commander
now asserts that she did. the whole fab
ric of accusation against Admlrul Schley
for a "caitiff night" during tho buttle
must come tumbling back upon the heads
of his accusers. Moreover, If Captain
Cook's claim Is proved, naval otticers
here pay, it will. reduce to insignificance
the tenth paragraph of Secretary Long's
precept to the court of Inquiry, the ono
involving a colloquy between Schley and
the Brooklyn's navigator, Lieutenant
Commanded A. C. Hodgson, and the "put
your help to port" order of one and "you
mean to starboard." the reply of the
other, will Iofo the importance which
hitherto attached to this alleged convert
sation. Captain Cook to-day refused to
amplify his statement, and said that he
must decline to say anything more on the
vubject.
Lieutenant Commander Hodgson, who
Is now stationed here, at llrst positively
refused to say a word for publication, but
after It had been pointed out that his
former commanding officer had made a
statement, he consented, although with
evident reluctance to appear in print, and
substantiated Captain Cook's statement
in positive sentences.
"X was on the bridge of the Brooklyn,"
he said, "and therefore had full oppor
tunity of observing all that was going on.
"To my personal knowledge, the helm
was kept hard aport during the whole
time of turning until eased to parallel the
course of the .Viscaya, then about
twenty-eight hundred yards away on the
starboard side. As the Brooklyn's tacti
cal diameter is only about COO yards she
therefore could not have run farther than
C03 yards to the southward." «j
As some other witnesses of the : Brook
lyn's maneuver have estimated the dis
tance she ran to southward all the way
from two to five miles, it will be at once
recognized how Extremely important for
Schley's case Is the recent statement of
Captain Cook and -this supporting testi
mony of his navigating officer.
Since the. order of the Navy Department
•establishing the court of. inquiry was is
sued every naval officer now.- here > who
His Navigating Officer.
Captain Cook Is Substantiated by
TTJBN OF THE BROOKLYN.
the dispatch announcing the victory
which was the cause of ' the controversy.
Regarding his Indirect criticism of the
blockade established by Schley, the diary
of the late British Consul at Santiago, as
well as of the Spanish ¦ officers them
selves, shows that until the arrival of
Sampson it was customary for American
ships to withdraw at night. After Samp
son assumed command the cordon was
drawn closer at night.
Flames Destroy a Yarn Hill.
PHILADELPHIA, July 27.-Flre to
night destroyed the yarn mill of Henry
Schadewald In the northeastern section of
the city. The Jobs is $76,600.
Constitution Beady to Bace.
NEWPORT. R. I.. July 27.— The Consti
tution has arrived here from Bristol and
is ready to participate In the races next
week for the Astor cup. The Independ
ence took a little run outside to-day for a
brief spin. She will not ro out to-raorrow
but It Is expected on Monday she will be
In trim to try her new headeails. Her
manager thinks ehe Is in good shape and
Is confident ehe will make a good show
ing.
SACRAMENTO, July 27.— T. H. Her
mance attempted to commit culcide this
evening by Jumping off the railroad bridge
that spans the Sacramento River at this
point. He made his Jump too near the
end of the bridge, missed the water and
fell a distance of twenty feet into the
broken granite. Before he could throw
himself into the river he was seized by
persons who saw Mm jump and turned
STSjSSl' poU ~ Botb ankles we " bad -
Jumps From Sacramento Bridge.
• SACRAMENTO. July, 27.— A serious
Question has arisen In relation to the pay
ment of royalty on the copyright on "Mc-
Master's History," which the State Board
of Education adopted some time ago for
the schools of the State, after having
asked Attorney General Ford's opinion as
to Its authority. It forgot to ask his opin
ion as to how the royalty was to be paid,
and there seems to be no money availa
ble for It. The question is now under con
sideration by the Attorney General, with
the prospect that the adoption of the his
tory may have to lie over till the next
Legislature meets.
No Honey for Royalties.
: SAX AICTOJCIO. Tex.. July 27.— All the
tra.ns on the International road In Mexico
ere being engineered by Mexican engi
neers, who have demonstrated their apt
ness in running trains and were the means
of breaking the strike. President Diaz
has issued distinct orders, which have
been framed to the advantage of the rail
road, in which he prohibits the strike and
offers Government aid If necessary to
tireak any future strike of this character.
The railroad company tias promised not
to again give employment to any of the
strikers. 'However, the strikers are con
fident that with the powerful aid of the
labor unions of the United States the In
ternational will be obliged to again give
them employment.
Diaz Opposes the Strike.
Wants to Fight McGovern.
DENVER. July 27.— Young Corbetfii
victory over Kid Broad last nljfht ha;t
brought out a harvest of offers for con
tests from different points, and he now
contemplates a trip to the Pacific Coast.
Billy Edwards will take him In chargo
and will match him against and 12S-pound
man In the world. Terry McGovern pre
ferred. In the meantime Edwards an
nounces any reasonable proposition from
Tim Hegertr, Joe Bernstein or any one
of that class will be accepted. Kid
Parker of Denver, who has Just returned
from England, will . accompany— -Corbett
end will meet any man of bis weight on
the coast. A telegram was received to
day from a Louisville club offering Cor
feett a match with Dave Sullivan.
For the Urst time In a race of this kind
EU.es was passed and the one who did it
was Moran. Moran finished the second
tnlle, with Elkes about ten yards behind.
In 3:06 3-5, which is another world's rec
ord for the distance. Elkes regained the
lead in the sixth mile, with Moran sec
ond, and they rode In this order until
the eleventh mile, at the finish of which
Walthour took second place, with Moran
third and Ross last, several laps behind.
During the riding of the seventeenth mile
Walthour shot Into the lead, passing
Elkes with a terrific burst of tpeed.
Elkes lost his pace a moment later and
fell back.
In the twentieth mile Walthour again
passed Elkes. At thirty -one mile;i
Waltbour had two laps on the Glenna
Fails rider, and in the next mile gained a
third lap. wiiich gave him a lead of om>
rnue on Elkes. Moran In the meanwhtlo
had lost a couple of laps, but at thin
point he began to eain on Elkes, and at
thirty-six miles the Chelsea man took sec
ond place, while Elkes was in evident
trouble. At the finish of thirty-seven,
miles Elkes quit, being then seven laps
behind Walthour and two behind Morun.
with Ross struggling along, Mometimea
without pace, badly in the rear. Ween
they had been riding one hour Walthour
had ridden thlrty-»«v<-n miles two and, a
half laps, equaling Elkes' record made on
the same track a short time ago.
Walthour did not let up In the-4ea»t after
Kikes had dropped out and flnlnhed tho
fortieth mile In 63 minutes «44 4-S seconds,
beating Elkes' time of G5:&0J-5, made ona
week ago. With forty-seven mlleu
traversed Walthour met with an accident
which caused him to lose about half a lap.
Major Taylor defeated Frank Kramer
In the final heat of the half-mile circuit
championship. Lou Downing of Los An
prtes won the one-mile amateur handicap.
Time. 2:011-5. »
NEW YORK. July 27.— After riding
thirty-seven miles In a four-cornered
fifty-mile motor-paced race at Manhattan
Beach this afternoon Harry Elkes aban
doned the contest and went to his dress
ing-room thoroughly beaten. Bob Walt
hour of Atlanta won the race in an hour,
twenty-two minutes, twenty-nine three
fifths seconds, finishing five and three
quarter laps, almost two miles, ahead of
Jimmy Moran of Chelsea, Mass., who was
three miles In front of Arthur Hops of
Newark, Is'. J.. who finished third. In tha
first mile Elkes had the lead wun Moran,
Walthour and Ross in the order named.
The opening mile was run at such a fast
clip thai a new world's record of 1:33 3-5
was established. .
Eecords Broken, in the Flfty-miio
', ;Motor-p3ced Event.
"WALTHOUB WINS THE BACT.
GouM control of. 'the Delaware, *Lacka
wannn nnd Western.
Parallels tho Pennsylvania,
The Carnegie route will practically par
allel the Pennsylvania rnllroad through
out Pennsylvania, though.lt would-be a
much shorter routo from Plttfburg to tho
coast. The Pennsylvania ralloard .docs*
not want to boo this line built.' nor does
It want any opposition line" of strength
which the .Delaware, Laokawanna anl
Western would npmnne In thVflvont tn?it
It became the Eastern outlet of the Oreat
Missouri Paclflc-Unlon Pacilio transconti
nental line.
The Jealousies which the Eastern situa
tion disclose are probably responsible for
the failure or J.- P. Morgan & Co. to re
ceive representation In the Union Paclflo
board, while the election of two new di
rectors Illustrates tho Intimate character
of the relations which exist between the
Gou^d and Rockefeller Interests.
Atlantic and Pacific Air Line.
While Sehlff's trip to Europe has been
taken, it was generally believed in Wall
Btreet, for recreation, rumors have been
current In tho last day or two that ho
actually went abroad for -the purpose of
conducting large financial operations In
connection with the great Gould transcon
tinental line.. ' . •" ¦ ¦ r >
The proposed line, it -is said, will consist
of the following roads: Delaware. Lack
awanna and Western. Wa'bash, Wheeling
and Lake Erie. Missouri Pacific. Union
Pacific, Denver and Rio Grander Rio
Grande Western. Southern Pacific ¦ and
Central Pacific. It is said that the roads
will be known as the Atlantic and Pacific
Air Line. . . ¦ .- • . ¦ ;
Continued From Thirteenth " Page.
SECRETARY L08G TO PROHIBIT, OFFICERS FROM TALX1HG-F0R PUBLICATION
NEW YORK, July 27.— The election
announced for tho first tlmo to
day of Alvln \V. Krech and Gen
eral Thoirms Kckert as members
. of the bonrd of directors of tho
Union Pacific Rnilrond marks n very Im
portant utep In the development of the
great alliance between the Gould railways
and tho roads controlled -by the Harrl
man-Rockefollcr-Kuhn-Locb syndicate. It
also disposes of the etory that in carry
ing out the harmony plan between J. .P.
Morgan & Co. and Kuhn, Loeb & Co. the
former firm was to have a representative
in the Union Pacific board.
Both Krech and General Eckert are rep
resentatives .of the Gould interests. Be-
Eidca being preBldent of the Western
Union Telegraph Company. -General Eck
ert is a director in the Missouri Pacific
Kailrod. Krech Is vice president of the
Mercantile Trust Company, whose presi
dent is General Louis T. Fitzgerald, and is
also a director In the Missouri Pacific.
Krech is also a director In the Wheeling
and Lake Erie, the control of which has
recently passed into the hands of -the
Goulds. ¦
The harmony which prevails In ths
Northwest does not as yet extend to the
Eastern roads in which J. ' P. Morgan &
Co. and the Gould-Harrlman-Rockefeller
syndicate are Interested. George Gould
still has his eye on the Lackawanna, ami
Is Beriously threatening to build the Una
surveyed by Andrew Carnegie from Pltts
burg to " the Atlantic •¦ coast unless the
Pennsylvania, which is friendly to Mor
gan, withdraws Its •¦ opposition to the
STOCKTON, July 27.— Ex-Con*rc»«naJ.
Marlon do Vrlea, formerly of this city an>l
bow & member of the Board of Gene nil
Appraisers at New York, Is critically 111
at Arkansas Hot Springs. and tha latest
news from there la that It Is feared he can
not live. He Is attended by eevoral phy
rlciana and they slvo no encouragement
to him. He is afflicted with (stomach
trouble that does not yield to treatment,
though he has had the best medical at
tention. When he went to tho Hot Spring*
from New York a few months ago It was
hoped the change would benefit him, but
the news received to-day Is that he can
not live.
Physicians Unable to Hold
Out Encouragomout to
tho Invalid.
Former Congressman Is
Slowly Yielding to
Disease.
DE YRIES DYING
AT HOT SPRINGS
Special Dispatch to Tha Call.
Election of Krech and Eckert as Directors of the
Union Pacific Marks Important Step in Develop
ment of the Alliance Between Great Syndicates
NEW MOVES IN HARMONY PLAN
OF GREAT RAILROAD MAGNATES
THE : S0 : . FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, TOJuY 28; 1901.
14
If you do not derive prompt and satisfactory results from the use of Peruna, write at once to Dr. Hartman^
giving a full statement of your case, and he will be pleased togiva you his valuable advice gratis.
Address Dr. Hartman, President of the Hartman Sanitarium, Columbus, Ohio. :
CAPT. CARI* HARMS, Captain Co. 2,
Fire Department, So. Evanston, 111.*
writes:
"/ began taking Peruna last fall
for bladder and stomach trouble. As
it seemed io relieve me I kept it up
until, now I am glad to say it has
completely cured me. ™g£ p i\ft B h «J
and whenever any of the boys receive a
drenching at a fire they take a dose or
two which keeps away any bad after-
effect*)."— Capt. C. Harms, South Evans*
ton, 111.
MR, JOHN SWEETING, Captain
Fire Department of Evanston, HI.,
says:
"Some time ago we had such con-
tinual hard service that I, as well
as my . men, was completely ex-
hausted and felt my nerves giving way.
One of our men had tried Peruna & couple
of years ago and he advised us to try it.
We did so and found the chango simply
marvelous. 4 dose seemed bansr than
a meal, and in ten days we were all
feeling fine."— John Sweeting.
MR. WM. SUMPTER, Lieutenant
Truck Co. No. 1, Fire Department,
Evanston, 111., writes:
"Peruna cured me offkldney trouble of
nearly six years .standing. I became so
weak that I was unable to endure any
extra strain without serious pain. Some
of the firemen had been. 'taking Pe-
runa, and as It had helped them I
thought It might 'help me. It not only
helped me, but It cured me In no time..
Fiva bottles made a now man of me,
and three more restored me to per-
feet health." —-Wm. Sumpter,
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
RAILWAY TEAVEI.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC.
TrattSM l»nf**Kiiil nr« «*¦•> iw nrrlf* w*
(M»la Lliw. Foot of Marks! Strut)
mn — ¦ Fnow July It. U01. — AaatT»
, *iM* B«nida» Biitsim, Sliatra tad Sicr». ,, . '
iiir.ni>>.. ,, r „, ,,' 6'3.1*
IiOOa VscmW*. WltUi. Human "i33*
<aUw* Mtv»ln«».8un Rmtmii, VMlleJu. Kav*»
C'mIUm «• uml M»nt» Una Bi'J.ip
•:•<•* Darts, WooUImmI. Kulguu L.ndUig.
M»r)»»IIie. urotfUfi. 7iT»p
ftioo« AtUutl.i Ki|,rn«-()j.teM and Rail laiv.lp
NH*«a Nils*. Iathr.-p, Mocmon '.fJtf
MtiNUtt, MmKiota. LUaford. VUUK
Porttrrtllo M 4iS3c
»iS»a Shasea Kxprvs»-D»f la. Willlama (fo* ''.
Bartlett Sprinn), WUluws. 1UU
Jilutf, I'ortlamL.. 7i33»
at*©* fl»u .loin, l.liermort, HtnciWm, «, • ,-
Inn*. H*rraniriim. PlaornlUe.
M..rj»»ill". C'hteii. lto<! Mli.ir 4iS.->r
. »i8o* OikiUir. Chinese (Yosemit«>, ite-
nor». (barters 4>2.T»
»:•))» a Hujwwil, NilrS »u«l W»j 3Ut:o.i».. MiW«
OiiMU Vallt-Jo l*tUit
I»io<»a Los Angeles Express — Martina*. . . ;
Tracy, Luttlirnp. Mtooktou. Merwtra
Frenuu »nd Los Aagjles ' 7iS3y
Oiltrt* Vull. j... MartliiM mill W»t HUtioii* 1iX*e
I OiOOa Tli« Oterl iikI Llinited-Ogdeu, Dta*
»er, Oiushik Cklca«i> 0iH3r
tl:A«r Mncnciiit.nU, i:l>«irHi»iiiii«r«... ...... JSi«M% i
3sS»r Jlajw»td. NH.skimI Way Stations.. 7s3Sr '
4iut*r Iteulcla, Wlntern. Hacr»menlo,
WiMHllaml, KnivliU Lauding.
Mnrynfllli', OrufillB 10)334 f
4tO«p M»rtiu«<r, K*n JUmoii. VaUvlo, ' • ;
Niipa. (MMihcm. Hmita Itoim •••3.V
<:«Of Nt:<m. Llrmnoro. Stockton. Ltxll... 13. **r '
4i»«i' llaytr*nl «««, N»n June, Unmon t«« •"»•¦**
4i8<>r J'ort Cos a, Tracy, Lathrop, btocktoa 1u<23a>
StoorTlio Owl I.liulto<l-Krea»ii», TuUre,
lUkeraflelil. Hangus for 3m U lUr-
bark, l.os AiiKeles •i3.1«j
SiOOrMartlmz. Antioch. Stockton, Mer-
oed. Fresno 1S<S9»
S:O»r Yosemlte IS(S3jr
SiUUr Vttw Orleans Eiprsm ¦ Mendota,
Fresno. Bakcrsie.d, Las Anseles.
D. mlug. El Fmo, Mew Orleana
and East '.-. 7i8Ssi :
¦ inop Barwiuil, Nllea and Han Jose ~>S* v
t«:«i»r Vaflejo I||S3«
MiOOr OrieuUl Mall— Ou<Ien, Cheytnns,
Omaha, Cblcaso lt>S3y
•tOOr Oriental AUll— Ogrleo. Denver.
St Louis. Chlo%fo.. » 4i33r
•iJOr Otfiiiimuil CalMnntla Kx|<r«M.Ma«. . ,
. . nuiimikn, MnrysWlle. KtnltlliiK,
I'm tliiinl, l'ii|(at Noiiiiil anil Kail 8i3S*
•i«.1rSan Ptblo, I'urt (tata, Jtirtloea
atul Way 8(ations IliSS*
| l»rt>3f Vull^lii ?ift*f
COAST IjINE (N«rrn« liange).
, (rotit<)ftli.rkutatre«i.T .'- f,;
{7*43* 8*nta Ortiz Excnnron to tint* dux "•
and Principal Way Stations l»«03»
¦iISa Newark.Uni>i«r<illif.rtan.)os«.iri>lton.
JioMlilvf Crt-nk.MaiilaOciiaaud Way .
htitloim ».3oy
fSlinr Nnwnrk Ceiit«TTlll«, San Jni«, NaW
.; . ; ' AltnaiUn, Kitllnu, Mtiulilor Creek,
8*nU <'ru» and I'rlnolpal Way
8utl4>..« iA,no«.
«r I.-»p Newark. Han Jnits, Jmu Gatos t"li ! »<»*
• «»lapOleawood.BonlJetCTee»%3sntS)CrB» «si«a*A>
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
mm SIS raiXCIiCO-fiwi <f Markit Strut (Slip D—
t7:lft 9:00 Mwt.H. 1:00 3:00 SiiS'.x.
rrtaiOttUlO — TnX »t Uraadvar.— t«:OO ta.00 t3;OJ
la:OO>.w. H.CO 8:03 i:Q3r.M.
COAST LINE (Itroail Uitnjro).
CrhlrfumlTowngmi.l SU.)
AiI«a baa Juasand Way stations.. ....... •*»•*
«7!««n MwJnwMil Wuf Ht.cU.i.a... •»«•>•>
/7' OM » New"AI»i«iln, / «!*»»
ITitOA Sands; K.ieiinrion for Han Ji fa.
HmU C'rut. P^cUe Riora sna
Priodpal W»y Sutlons '.. lSi3«y
IiSOa Nan Jum, IIoOiHt«>r. Haute Ortm,
TantUe Mrwk fallnis. o»n LrU
Oblspo. Santa Barbara ainl Priu.
eii)»i liitarmc»IUte .•Htutl..ii» 7in*»
IOiXOa 6*n Jcse and Wiy 8U1I0DS. Ci.JO p
I IiUOa Han .ln»« antl Way Mt*tl<«t« •!»«»
t«illa» flan Matoo. Utnlwoori. « --til.. V\tk. ...
l'alo Alto. ScnUCUra, »-i' .!•>««.
IloJIster. M*nt» t.'rira. Hathma.
Momarer an.l faoltlc «in>v> fll»i«3»
«i»» p fan Ji..r, Trsa Finos. Sai.t.-. O«X.
r*oiflo Oiot» ami Way MUllou* ttl»r
f4il.1p BanJoaaautl l'rli.oir*! Way MUtlmiS Oil* a
V1iOOrH.il .Irmv, Is* Oatoa and frlnclp«l
WayKtatloua t»ifl«»
»anp KrniJnm ami Pilnoln»l W<» Mtatlnns »i:i«a
• ittop Bfdwn «1. Man .lor-. Ollny. H»!lua*,
bsnU Barbtra. Lo AoseU* Ifli«t3«
«i3lip flvi .li.««aii.l Wayntaidm* |«n«n*
<IIi4Hp ftau Jm«»im> Way Mtatlm»a tli^W
A for M •>riiiiif I* for A (tnruouu.
t Miiii.lay o.CHptoO. t Anntlay only.
• BatnriUy onlr. t nondiy.
• 8»tunl«T »nl Buniafi^^ J TancUjt voA. Friday*.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
". Vis SMsalli* t*ttf—rm »f atarkat ft,
AM.) WSFK DATS t 8:S& *• »»•
8.-00 A. M. • f 12:15 p. m.
9.1)0 A.M. 1:13 p.m.
10.-00 A. M. MTTMDAYa i 8:») P. M.
XMr.yi. 6:50 y. sc.
23u p. M.J 7:10 p. u.
fare. 9sa PrvMlat* *a »mn sb« fJst«rD. H.M
Ticket Officer, fiil Market St.. ft SaosalHo Pcttt. .
Weak Men and Women
CHOULDUSE DAMLANA BrTTERS. THB
*-»«Teat Mexican remedy; gives health and -
strength to sexual organs. D«pot. ta Maxtow
' \ - ' f*n — .JN
CILVORm HORTHIESTERH RT. 'M
.LESSEE '•¦,¦
SAN FRANCISCO AM KOHTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
TIburon Ferry, Foot of Market St.
Son Francisco to San' Rafael. '
WEEK DAYS— 7:30, -9:00, ; 11:00 a. m.; 12:33,
3:30. 5:10, 6:30>p. m.- Thursdaya— Extra 'trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra 'trip*. at 'l:A0
and 11:30' p. m. .
SUNDAYS-8:00, 9:30, 11:00 a, ta.', ¦ 1:30, 1:30,
5:00. 6:20 : p. 1 m. : - ¦ •¦. • <
ban Rui'ael to San Francisco. »';'.;
WEEK DAYS— 6:10.' 7:50. 9:20. 11:10 a. m.;'13:45
I 3:40, 5:15 p. m. j Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:5a
and C:2.*i p.: m.
SUNDAYS. .8:10. 9:40, . 11:10 a. m.: 1:40.. 1:40."
-8:05. 6:25 -p. • tn. •¦',"'"
L«ave .1 In Effect I .Arrive
San Francisco. | April 28, 1901. | San Francisco.
Week I i Sun- I I Sun- . I , Week \
.' Days." I days. " | Destination. | . days. | Days.
7:30 am 8:C0 am i'Novato,', 10:40 am S:-40 am
3:30 pm '9:30 am ' Pptaluma. . <I:05 pm 10:25 am
6:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa Rosa, 7:33 pm 6:20 pm
•¦ ¦ ¦- ~ : Fulton. :
7:30 am Windsor," 10:25 am
¦.. 6:00pm "HealdBburjj, 10:40am . , *
* ! Lytton, f
..'.'." •¦ ¦'¦ " ¦ Geyaervtlle,
3:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 ami 5:00 pml -Hopland (10:40 am|10:25 am
. 3:30 pm| 8:00 am| and Uklah. | 7:33 pm| 6:20 pm
7:30 am ' - ' 10:40 am 10:25 am
8:00 am Guernevllle. 7:33 pm
,8:30 pm 6:00pm 6:20 pm
'7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma 9:15 am 8:40 am
. •'. ¦ nnd ¦
¦>6:10 pm 5:00 pm Olen ¦ Ellen.'] 6:85 pm «l:20 pm
•7:80 f ml 8:00 ami ; . • j 110:40 am|10:23 am
3:30 pm| 5:00 pm|..fiebaatopol. | 7:35 pinj 6:20 pm
St.iRes connect at.Bnnta Rosa for -Mark W*tst
Springs and .White Sulphur Sprlnics; at Fulton
for r Alt rurla; »t Lytton .for Lytton Sprinprs; at
Qeyrervllle for SknKK* Springs : flt CloverdaU
for Ihe Geyuera: at Hopland ; for Duncan
Eprlnjfn, Highland : BprlnRs, i Kelieyvllle, CarU-
f.iul Kprlnfts. Krwla Hay. Lakeport and Bartlcit
Springs; at Uklah for Vichy ¦ Spring;*.' Saratoga
Kprlntf (i. > inue Lakes,- Lanrel I Dell : Luke, 'Witter
Springs, .Upper Lake, Porno. Totter Valley,
John Day'i, Riverside, Lierley's, Tlucknell'n,
Banhftdrin ; Helshts, 'Ilullvllle, Orr't ¦ lint
fairings. ¦ Mendoclnn H City, Fort 1 Brag*. West-
port, Usal. Wllltta. 'Laytonvillc. Cummin*.
Bell'B Springs, Harris, Olsen's, Dyer, Scotia
and Eureka. ¦• , -
¦Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at re-
duced' rates. ' - .
On. Sunday round trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael 'at 'half rate*. .¦ • •
' > Ticket Office, 6S0 Market "Street, I Chronlcla
Building. , .
H. C: WHITINO, ,'R. X. RYAN.
>'Qen.: Manager. / . 'Gen. .Pass." Aft.
GREAT NORTHERN RAILWAY, r
. ' ' COOL. AND 'DUSTLESS. .
;¦ ,",- Dally Palace anrl Tourist Sleepers. v"
, • -! Dinlne Car, • Meals ala Cartx. .¦ •
' Library Observation ' Car. ¦• ' -
REDUCED ROUND TRIP RATES TO
EAS -ERN PO1.NT«. : .
. E. S. EX.AIR.. Qep. A*t..,«38 Market St. i-'
Santa Fe Trains
Le»^^e Mark^t-gtregt Ferry Perot.
I Local f Llra'd I OvrVd I Local
• I Dally j • I Dally i. Dally
Lv. Kan Fran 7:2fl"a 9:00 a 8:00 p l| 4:20 p
Ar. Storktnn. 10:18 a 11:4". a 11:10 p i 7:18 p
" Mcrcwd... 1!:I2 p 1:17 p 1:13 a 9:11 p
1 . " Fropno.... 2:05 p 2:35 p 3:C5 a 10:50 p
r " Hanrord.. 3:12 p 3:17 p 7:06 a
" Vlsalla... 3:40 p 4:48 a
" Bkraflsld.' 6:15 p 5:20 p 7:30 a ........
" Kan City 2:4(1 a 7:30 a
** Chicago. . | 2O5 p 9:00 p
a for mofn'lnK. p for afternoon.
•9:C0 a. "m. train Is the CalirornU Llm- I
Ited, leaving Monday and Thurnday only,
carrylnjr Palace Sleeping Car« and-Dlnlns
Cari>"'throurh to ChlfAgo. Chair Ciir -rtrnj
to Bakersfield for accommodation of local
(flnst-claps paaaensers. No second -class
tlckftu honored on thin train. Correspond-
ing train arrives at C:55 p. m. Tuesday nnd
Friday. v . .
4:20 p. m. Is Stockton and Fresne ¦ local.
¦Correspond Ins train arrives at' 12:30 p. m.
dally.
8:C0. n. m. Is the Overland Express, with
• foroueh Pnlace and ' Tourist Sleeper* and
Free Iiecllnlni; Chair Car* to Chlcapn; alto
Palace Sleeper, tvhlch ruts out at JYesno.
¦ Corresponding • traln v arrlveii at S:55 a. nv,
7:20 a. m. Is Hakf»r*(leia t^oraljutopplnff at
all points In Ran Jnaquln Valley.-. Cnrre-
ipoiirtlnB train Rrr!v»« at R:40 a. m. dally.
OffleeB — <41 Slnrket, street and In Ferry
Depot. San Frnnolsco; 1112 Broadway. Oak-
'lor.*. • ¦ *
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
¦',"..'* -Via Sausallto Ferrv. -'
CommrnctriK April 28, 13OL >'<¦ ' :-.
FROM SAN FKANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
. AKD SAN itAFAKL.
. DAYH-«:M. 8:30. •»:20. 11:00 a. m .
12:4S. M:«. S:15. 4:13. S:15. •«:«. 6:45 p..m.
-ISXTRA TRIPS— For' Mill Valley aivl San
RafaH on •¦ Mondays, Wedneadaya, 8«turdaya
and Sundays at »:30 and 11:40 p. m.
i 8UNDATH-7:W». 8:C0. •8:00,. •I8:OA. ll:M. UM
a, m.. 12:4< 'liSO. !^!0. «3:4S. 5:00, 6:00. 7:30
p. in. ll:Ci) a. tn. doa* not run to San Rafael
Sundays. ¦
'-•'.Train* marked <•) run to San Quentln.
FROM BAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO
. WKEK DAV8-»i:2S. 6:27. 7:47. 8::JJ, lo-Yj
a.m.. •11:25. 1:15. 2:20. •»:.'!5. imo, S:30 p. m .
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondiiyx, Wednesdays
and Saturday* nt'S:4S anil 10:00 p. m.
BUN1JA '."»- 6:15. »8:C0. 9:45. '11:00 a. m. -I*
m.. 1:00, 2:15, »J:M. 4:30. 'i-.U, 6:45. 7:«D. *io : io
p. m.
Trains marked <•) Btart from San Qusntln
FROM MILL VALLKT TO SAN FRANCISCO
.WEEK -DAYS— SMS. 6:43. 7:55. tt:5i\. 10:30
•,-ni.. 12:35. IMS. 2:45. 8:W. S.W. 5:50 p. ' m .
KXTKA TRIPS on Mondnys. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:33 p. m . ,
8UNPAY8-6:3i. »:C0. 10:CS. 11:10 a. ni. IJ-m
1:20. 2:30: a:4i. 6:00. 6:15. 7:15, 10:30 p. in!
TIIROUOH TRAINS.
¦ 6:S5 a. m. week days— Cazad-to and my »ta-
tlons.. "
3:15 p. m. Saturdays— CaMdero and Way sta-
tion*. ¦ - »'•" • ¦ • •
Silo p. m. week day*- (Saturdays exempted)—
Toraales and way stations. ¦ •.. ¦
•6 a.~tn. Sundnys— Cazadero and way stations.
10 -a,: m.. Sundays— Point Reyea and way
stations. : '. : • ' ¦ " •.
Weekly Cail,$1.00 per Year
Dragged'Down
. Feeling
In the loins.
Nervousness, nnrefresbing sleep, despon-
dency.
It is time you were doing something.
Tbe kidneys wero anciently called the
Kins — In your case they are holding the
reins and driving you Into serious trouble.
Hood's Sarsaparilla
. Acts with tbe most direct, beneficial effect
! on tbe kidneys. It contains tbe best and
i safest substances for correcting and toning
these organs. . ;
BWSCHINSKI
PHILADELPHIA SHOE GO.,
IO]HIRD$T.,SANfBAHC:SCO. '
j**^?p %pu% I J
PRICES THAT TALK
BEFORE STOCKTAKING.
Ladies' Tan Lac 9 O.| AZ i
Shoes Reiucai o Olilu
"Are you looking: for a bargain? ¦
Well, here is your chance, as we
! take stock next week. Ladles' Tan l
Vlci Kid Lace Shoes, rkibV cloth or
vesting tops, coin toes and tips, .,
and McKay, turned or hand welted
soles. All bunched 'together; take
your k choice. .Formerly sold from ,.
$2.60 to $3.50. Reduced for this week
toi$1.15 a:pair. ¦ We havo ; tha.fol- *
lowing sizes: y • | <
AA wide. .314 to 5 I C.wide 6 to8.
¦A wl<le....SV4 10 4^4 X> wide .W, to 8 4
. B widP....2'/_. to 4 I E wlda 2H to 8 -
Values fop Men. Q I I C ••
Tan La: e S hu e i p 1 1 1 0 :
-We can't overlook the men • and
must give them a chance. 'Men a/,
Tan [ Lace V. Shoe*. - kid or vesting s
tops, coin toes nnd tips and duranlo
soles. Reduced to *1.15 a pair. We *
rhav« the following- sizes; :•¦" I
.-c wide, 6.8%.' m; io. * . i
. t) wide, JV4 to 6V4 and 8i4 to 10. . ,
E wWe.l.to 11. ¦ '
. *We have i no ! branch stores nor i
.traveling salesmen.;-;
.•¦'.We. do not guarantee to fill coun-;.
try, orders. ' < . :
PmLADELPHIA SHOE C0.>
•>; IO TH 13 D STREET,
. ¦¦ '¦"- \ San 'Francisco. ¦ •[• i '.'¦
ADVERTISEMENTS.
KIHEMEN SUFFER
STEADY
EXPOSURE.,
, Pew people stop to cor
fxponuron . of th« flr«»m'
hourH urn Irrcffulur, lila
, Few people >top to eonnlder tha peculiar
fxronuros . of tha fireman, Ilia «l*«plnR
hourH nrei Irregulur, hti hour* of 'lotnurn
i i ..,'_ uiifuruilti, mill
FlriEMEN SUFFER ""ffl
crr»r\\/ i m o n o t o noun
STEADY Id Inn «n of
" CVDACimp wnltlne. iiml Him
EaPOSURE. , ¦ breathlfM hiiMfl
which follows
«nch summons frmn tlm dr« nlnrm.
SometimcH h« 8tanda for hours scorched
with the fiery heat of- a burning building
on otie sliio, whllo on the other aide frozen
shnetH of wutur cling to hla stiff Ktir-
ments like a coat of mail. Suddenly
nwalccned from a deep *let>p h« finds hlm-
wplf clinging to a truck wngon or enKtne,
dnshlnsr through nlloy nmt avenuo at a
break-neck upced, pulling on hla carmenta
EXPOSURE
BREEDS
CATARRH.
an he soon, the ntixt moment Rucanrttner
perilous hfltrhta on ntlppery ludrtpy* where
*moR« nnrt *prny nuffocnttj nnrt blind.
All the*© thine* brtn* n peciullir strain
to wind and body which no other vocation
Th«M men nr« pecullnrJy »ubj««ct to dln-
«ftM» of tht» kidney* unrt Mtom»ch. Nntur«
cannot ntnnd evurythlnK. , T. h 2i l * h mi h *
¦ spirit bti willing
.t vnfttiidL' ' n e b (> ? y ' M
tXPOSUHL nn.llniM
nnfTTin W«nk. TlKiO
D n L t Do men do not even
........ hnvo time to
CATARRH.^ doctor Ukcother
¦mkmmmm* ttirn. They must
have eomcthlnff thnt opemtes quickly,
something jure. They hnve too much at
¦take to Indulge In experiment* or.uncerv
tttlnty. f
This , It why Peruna Is found to - be 10
INFAUIBLE FOR
CATARRHAL
TROUBLES.
graft .garb's ffl^e w&
INFALLIBLE FOR I EvJHi
CATARRHAL "'¦"'"« M * cc ,!i'
TROUBLES. fW: n N o° /U:
1 ¦» tupe, no mon»
keying with prescription* or untried r«m-
pdlu
IMrunn Is always ready, reiiovts prompt-
ly. It cures certnlnly.
Systemic cnt.urh ennnot lurk In stom-
nch or kidneys when Perunn Is used.
When a cold s«ttles anywhsra In a
Joint or In an or^an. Perunn prompt-
ly performs n permanent cur*. Fire-
men hav# learned this. th«r«for« the/
use Peruna. • v
thf nRFMnu ircr pf-.rii-na
int Nnuiitro UoL m no ivh.
A trip east in a Burlington tourist sleeping<ar is a^veritablo holi-
1 day on wheels.
The excursion conductor makes everyone feel at home; organizes <
entertainments; sees to it that 'the journey across the continent is
ENJOYABLE as well as comfortable.
From Los AnKeles Mondays and Wcdneidayi: San Francisco, Tuesdays »nd Thorv'
:\ days— Omaha, Chicago, Kontw City,; St. Louis— EVERYWHERE east. Tickcu
i and berths at Southern Pacific ticket oflico» or by addressing .
3' *>W.' D. Sanborn, Gen'l Agent, 1631 Market St., San Ptsndsco. :
""'•'¦-•"•"' .'THE GENTLEMEN WHO DRAW: THEIR MAIN SUSTENANCE FROM THE
FOAMING "STEAM" MUST NOW CARRY MAGNIFYING GLASSES SO AS
'NOT TO STRAIN THEIR EYES. ' ,« .
According to the new . census, " "Greater
London" — the district under the metropol
ltal and city police— has a population of
6,587,784,. an increase of . 961,552 since. 189L
Seventeen populous • suburbs, having a to
tal of 2,042,750 ¦ inhabitants, have been
added to London proper.— Chicago News.
Greater London.
"Who taketh : the name i of the United
States Government in vain is quite liable
to : get into ' trouble.";. The ¦ charge is made
against- the Twin City • -Rapid Transit
Company, • which > runs ' cars ¦ between ; St.
Paul and r Minneapolis, that it seeks to
protect Us property by < an , improper.' use
of the sign"U. S., Mail" upon its cars. /It
is true that this company does carry the
United States mall between the two cities,
but this does not give it the right to label .
with. this magic sign cars not engaged In
this traffic. i This is what the company is
charged: with having done, despite the
statute which imposes a fine of from $100
to'?500 per car for such an offense. T It Is
generally .understood, that, the "Govern
ment sign Is Illegally used; to. intimidate
labor unions in case of . strikes, and the
agitation of the subject ..throughout • the
country, at the present time is credited to
the; labor organizations.—Syracuse.Even
ing. Standard.. .* ; -?.••. . - .^ •«.-?.,
Illegal us^ of y the Mail.
The visitor to the national capital who
has seen the Washington monument onlv
once has just begun to see it. A plain,
unadorned obelisk, it would appear the
simplest object In the world, but, In fact,
it is a3 changeable as the clouds. Never
Is It twice the same. Every change in
the point of view reveals the monument
in a new phase. It is a chameleon to the
weather. Go .close to it, and its walls
seem to rise abruptly to a height that is
overpowering. Sail down the Potomac,
and the thinly gleaming white shaft seems
to be waving a graceful farewell. Often
it is gray and solemn, a part of the every
day world of work and duty.' Sometimes
in the varying lights it loses Its perspect
ive and is a flat outline against the sky;
again, each line will stand forth with the
crisp clearness of an intensified photo
graph. In the early morning It is beauti
ful in the first rays of the rising sun; on
a moonlighted night it Is like a thing from
another world, cold, gleaming, unreal.
Many times in the course of a season the
sharp point is lost In clouds, and the
shaft ' rises like a pillar supporting the
firmament: The setting sun. paints 'the
monument with Its most brilliant hues,
and its last rays are reflected from. the
gleaming tip. At night, under the star
light, the shaft is solemn like a sentinel.
In storm it stands as a type of all that is
steadfast. In the clearness of a bright
bright summer, day It seems tremulous In
the pulsing air. 'Always the same, yet al
ways different, it is like a thing with life,
a personality, to be known and loved. It
has relatively little for the passing stran
ger, but many confidences for the old ac
quaintance.—New York Evening Post. 1
A Tribute to the Monument.
: ."Don't have to.. I'll send back the pho
tographs with^ietters something like this:
'Dear Miss— After seeing your photograph
we . are ¦ surprised that you desire - to be
come more . beautiful ; tha,n you already
are. It sometimes seems that the very
ones upon whom God bestows. his great
est favors are. the least thankful. One so
divinely endowed with'such loveliness > as
you possess should be- contented.'¦:,Al
though we have added to the <beauty of
such women as ¦ Lily Langtry; Maxlne El
liott and i Lillian ¦ Russell, our honor - as
gentlemen • and our. reputation as an old
established firm. compel us to Inform you
that you already possess beauty far be
yond the possibilities of our system.'-"
•¦• "But the $5?" asked the chump.- • ¦'¦ , ¦
"Oh, - 1- guess a woman wouldn't make
much of 'a; howl" over .the: $5,", answered
the grafter.— Indianapolis Sun.
"I've got a scheme," said the grafter,"
"that'll work like a deck. I'm going to
put an ad in the paper asking women to
send their photographs and a $5 biil and
I'll tell them how to become beautiful."
"But how can you make them beauti
ful?" asked the chump. v. <•••.¦¦•_. v
Another Enterprise.
REDDING, July 27.— An edge of the
Eastern heat. wave seems to have struck
Shasta County. M. Croft of San Francis
co, .who was one of fifty men brought
here by the Southern Pacific Company to
put in a sidetrack, suffered a sunstroke
this afternoon and died a few minutes
afterward. Of the big crew- but ten were
working at quitting time this . evening.
The remainder were forced to suspend by
the extreme heat. '. ¦*¦
A crew of surveyors laying out an addi
tion to Redding quit' work this afternoon
from the same cause. Excepting Croft,
who was 45 years of age and believed to
have been i single, there were no total col
lapses, but in each crew several men gave
way to an exhaustion from which they
did not recover for several hours.'
CHICAGO, - July- 27.— Twenty delegates'
to the convention of the Baptist • Young
People's Union of America,' were over
come; by heat to-day and were cared for
and revived in the County Hospital.
LINCOLN. Neb., July. 27.— Nebraska to
night -had the . most I general fall of rain
since the drought and heated spell began.
The maximum temperature in Lincoln to
day was 100. - *¦' -•'•¦¦¦-
San Francisco Laborer
Succumbs to Heat
in Redding.
SOL'S HOT RAYS
CLAIM A VICTIM
Street Railroad Censured.
A Coroner's Jury 'after hearing the tes
timony yesterday In the Inquest on the
body of Christian Bunger, a grocer, resid
ing at 1300 Point Lobos avenue, returned a
verdict censuring tha street railroad com
pany for - his death. They found that
Bunger fell off the rear platform of a
Secramento street car on July 25 and sus
tained a fracture of ' the skull, from the
effects of which he died. The concluding
portion of the verdict is: "And this jury
believes that- said Christian Bunger was
not sufficiently warned of the approach of
the car to the curve where. the Accident
occurred."
Dance of the Druids.
Olympic ' Grove of the United ¦ Ancient
Order of Druids gave a social last nU;ht
in the Druidic Temple at - Folsom and
Fourteenth streets, j There was a large at
tendance of the members and their lady
friends, who enjoyed a good programme
of many dances. The affair was conduct
ed under the direction of Herbert Arm
strong as floor manager and the good of
the order contingent that acted as recep
tion and floor committees.
No .Parallel in History.
It would be hard to find in all history a
parallel to the - incident that occurred
when ,the departure of the American
troops from Peking was announced.
- Thousands of representative Chinese as
sembled, and adopted a petition earnestly
entreating- the American Government to
permit its troops to remain at Peking In
the interest of law, order and humanity.
1 The Americans entered Peking by as
sault and as Invaders. They occupied a
large , section of the city as enemies and
conquerors. And such has been their con
duct that the conquered beg. them not to
depart." , •: •"
That Incident should be inscribed on the
escutcheon of our . nation. No greater
tribute could be paid to the . military
power.— Newark Advertiser.
the' real essentials would be tolerated.
There are some things even the most pa
tient menYwill not stand for— and the load-
Ing of his own schooners Is one of those
things. Beer, as has been remarked be
fore, must go down. That is what it Is
made for. -
And still that Is not the worst of it. This
is tne Sunday picnic season. Think of the
appalling possibilities contained in that
little sentence, taken in connection with
the fact of the rise in the price of beer!
A Sunday picnic altogether without beer
is, of course, an unthinkable thing..' But
The twenty-first Issue of the Statistician
and Economist, a work of great local
value, but of more than that as a refer
ence book, has just been issued. The pres
ent volume, for 1901-02, is larger and much
more complete than any of its predeces
sors, and it has the advantage that cur
rent events are carried right down to date.
The book is filled. with general statistical
matter ¦ covering all lands of the globe,
but about one-half of • the entire ! book is
given over to the United' States. A most
liberal space, moreover, is devoted to Cali
fornia. The arrangement of the whole
mass of statistics is the best possible,' tha
index being the most complete ever at
tempted. The book' Is" issued by L. P.
Mccarty and is sold at $3 50 In cloth and
U 50 in leather. . *
McCarty's Statistician.
R. C. Kerens of St. Louis, who reached
Salt Lake from California yesterday, said
that the company is now being formed. '
"Many details yet remain to be-perfect
ed," said Kerens, "but the steamship Jine
is a certainty. There are to be ten large
steamers for passenger and freight" traf
fic and they will be second to none in the
Oriental trade. The steamers will work
in conjunction with the. road and be prac
tically a part of the same corporation.
We have several of the steamers already.
They are in the transport service at pres
ent, but by the time we need them for
our service the carrying of soldiers to
and from the Philippines will be about
completed." .
SALT LAKE, Utah, July 27.— The Her
ald to-morrow will say: The San -Pedro
road is not to stop at the San Pedro har
bor. By the time the last spike has been
driven a fleet of ocean' steamers will be
flying the flag of the Hawaiian Islands
Navigation Company as an adjunct to. the
road. These steamers will ply between
San Pedro harbor, Honolulu, Yokohama,
China and the Philippines, and a control
ling interest in the stock of the company
will be owned by the same men who con
trol the San Pedro, Los Angeles and Salt
Lake Railroad.
San Pedro Road to Con
nect With an Ocean
Line. x
THERE is no beer trust. Nobody
will trust you for beer. Also, the
brewers say there is none, and the
brewers should know, because
they have made the combination
that has put up the price of that humble
quencher— steam beer.
Nevertheless, beer is up, and while there
may be no- increase in the price of a
glass of pellucid amber there is the dread
promise that the schooners that come over
the bar will be of so much lighter draught
hereafter that the fleet must be materially
increased to meet the needs of .commerce. •
There is a great and parching drought.
The brewers have raised the price of beer
to $6 50 for barrels, $3 25 for half-barrels, '
J2 25 for third-barrels and $125 for sixth-;
barrels — a general raise of 33 1-3 per cent. .
And the gentleman in a white coat and
apron who removes your aridity at 5 cents [
per remove has advanced the bottoms of.
his glasses to meet the rise. He will not'
charge you more for your glass of beer. >-
Not ever. But he will put less beer In I
your glass, and you can neither enjoin I
him nor say that he - keeps an. unfair'
house. You can simply call for. more '
beer, and he will keep on furnishing It to ;
you in vessels whose bottoms seem to ar« .
rive before the. froth has. passed your;
parched throat. ;
NEW STEAMERS
TO THE ORIENT
' The anniversary banquet -of Georg? H.
Thomas Post, Grand Army of the Repub
lic, at the Occidental Hotel last evening
was a patriotic and • inspiring- event. One
hundred and seventy , veterans assembled
to honor the birthday, of the great Union
soldier, who saved the day at Chlcka
mauga. and subsequently won the - great
victory at Nashville. , .
Post Commander A. D. Cutler presided
at the banquet. Among the talkers were
George Stone, ¦ department commander;
Eugene F. Loud and" Charles Sumner. The
company ' was entertained by ' Richard
Whelan, story teller; Walter. Campben,
singer, and the artists comprising Franz
Mayer's orchestra.
Major Hooper of the Occidental rang the
dinner bell on time. The. veterans march
ed from the parlors to the banquet room.
When the colors were brought In the or
chestra played the "Star-spangled Ban
ner" and the company arose and joined in
singing the words -of the music. In many
respects the banquet' was the most inter
esting ever given under the. auspices of
the post. - - ~ c
% ' i»— ii i. m A ¦ i it
Hero of Chickamaugu
- and Nashville.
GEO. H. THOMAS POST - .
; AITNIVERSARY BANQUET
Veterans Honor the Birthday of the
The writer maintains that thefUnionlst*
are not bound to the Conservatives by any
unbreakable ties, and J the feebleness of
the Ministry, he says, is now becoming
grotesque. Wherever men meet . there la
a general . consensus of opinion which re
gards as contemptible the weakness of
the Government which the Unionists keep
In office. ... ,
The writer sums upby saying th it a
Cabinet with Lord Rosebery at its head,
Asquith as leader in the House of Com
mons, Lord Beresford as head of -the Ad
miralty, Lord Kitchener in- the "War ¦ Of
ttce, Richard B. Haldane, M. P., head of
the Judiciary, Lord Cromer in the For
eign Office, and including Sir Edward
Gray (Liberal) and Sir Henry .Fowler
(Liberal), would be welcomed by the na
tion and a large, important and increas
ing section of the Unionists.
LONDON, July 27.— The agitation ainong
many 'of .:. the Liberal Unionists at the
formation of a new party finds a' some
what striking vent in the National Re
view, in which magazine an influential
member of the Liberal Unionist party, un
der .the nom de plume of '.'An Old Parlia-.
mentary Hand." contributes an important
plea to this end. v \
Rosebery for the Premiership
and Beresford for the
British Cabinet, Is Ac
cused of Grotesque
Feebleness.
CRITIC SCORES
THE MINISTRY
COMMANDERS
ARE DILATORY
Are Ordered to Make
Out Camp Gage Re
ports at Once.
Captain Nearny Secures New
Cutter for Use of Naval
Iff M1 f ia -
There has been much' delay In the mat
ter of attending to the closing up of the
details of Camp Gage, for the major gen
eral has been obliged to Issue an order
directing that the rolls and reports of the
annual musters and inspections held at
the camp be forwarded at one* to head
quarters; also that aJl proper outstand
ing accounts against the camp fund be
transmitted without further delay. There
1e also an order for the immediate trans
mission of reports of practice inarches
during the camp week, together with an
note books, engineering notes,' sketches,
maps and Information . relative to the
marches. The commanders are all anxious
to enter upon the discharge of duties, but
from these orders, It Is apparent that they
are slow In making the returns of what
was accomplished. ....
Captain Cheda 6t Company D, Fifth
Regiment, has been re-elected command-
Ing .officer of 'the company.
George B. Caldwell has been ! commis
sioned a second lieutenant of the same
regiment and will be assigned to a duty
yet to be determined.
The commanding officer of the Fifth In
fantry has Issued orders relative to tar
get practice. There is a desire to discon
tinue the custom of monthly target prac
tice at 200 yards and to require the men
to shoot at 200, 300 and 500 yards, as laid
down by the regulations, as" it is believed
that practice at the three distances only
on the occasion of the State shoots, twice
a year, is not enough to perfect the men
in shooting at the greater distances. It
is believed that shooting every month at
200 yards is not conducive to first-class
marksmanship. *
Charles H. Holmes, first lieutenant ot
Company E of the Fifth, has been elected
captain of the company, W. Claypool, sec
ond leutenant, has been advanced to
first lieutenant and Charles Kohler has
been elected second lieutenant.
J. Whitney, formerly sergeant major of
the old Second Artillery, has enlisted as
a private In Battery D of the artillery
battalion, Captain Cunningham.
An effort is being made to have the com
panies of the Sixth Infantry engage in a
competitive drill for the purpose of cre
ating an enthusiasm, which at this time
is said to be wanting. It Is the Idea of
F. A. Spence of Company B, -who is the
promoter of the scheme, to have at first
such drills in each of the three battalions
and then have the best in each compete
for a trophyr
Tha National Guard companies of Stock
ton have for some time been without a
rifle range, because the one that was at
Goodwatar Grove was destroyed by fire.
An effort is being made to establish a new
range in the immediate vicinity of the
one destroyed and to secure a locality
where a 600-yard range can be estab
lished.
In the first battalion of artillery seven
men have been discharged from the serv
ice, seven on account of removal and one
for the good of the service.
On recommendation of the battery com
manders, and good cause being shown
therefor,- the following-named "non-coms"
have been reduced to the ranks: Corporal
Harry TV. Fawke, Battery C, and Corpo
ral John A. Devany, Battery D.
At his own request Quartermaster Ser
geant Willis F. Unfred. Battery C. was
relieved from duty as quartermaster ser
geant of Battery C. Corporal Ward D.
Grant was promoted sergeant and detail
ed to fill the vacancy.
The organizatloh will have battalion drill
to-morrow night.
- Captain Nearny of the Xaval Militia has
obtained from the United States Navy De
partment a 36-f oot steam cutter for J the
use of the militia. It is a new vessel and
will be delivered in a few days. The car
rying capacity of the cutter is 63 men and
250 pounds of provisions and water. . As
soon as the cutter shall have been turned
over to the commander the militia will
commence a series of boat drills.
Captain Phelps. U. S. N.. has made a
careful Inspection of the Marion and has
forwarded his report to the Navy De
partment at Washington. It is under
stood that he reports finding the vessel in
better condition' at this time than she
has been at any time since she was turned
over to the militia.
Brewers Say There i Is No Trust, ,But They Have Raised Their Price
and Five Cents Will Not Buy All the Joy Now That It Would in Ihe
Happy Golden Days Before the Big Combine Made Its Rule Felt
PRICE OF THE FOAMY GROWS HIGHER
AND SCHOONERS OF LIGHTER DRAUGHT
THE; SAN FR ANOISCO CAJjL,, vSXJND AY^^eTXJLY 28^ 1901.
fancy a Sunday picnic short - on beer.-
Wherefore should a guy take his glad rag
to the woods if - the guy and the rag are
doomed* by ¦ perverse fate and the brewers
to bring - their "thirst home with them
again? Or what doth it profit a guy to
take his steady to dance on the green
sward, heart throbbing to heart, if he
has no time for dancing because he is too
busy trying not : to be thirsty, and . every
glass of beer he drinks is shy, on throbs
by just so much as it is shallower than it
should be? This covers a grievance that
is too wide and too deep for arbitration.
Down with beer! Let it flow, as of old,
in a deep and wide and gurgling stream,
and let no' man ever see the bottom of his
glass! ;
The time has gone by when trifling with
15
ADVERTISEMENTS.
r\ m ft* nmri I Corner Fourth and
ttFE"BOWL£w*s
Willis) liVIII«a 5c . Overcoats and
valises checked free.
GUTTE & FRANK, Manageis,
3O3 CALIFORNIA ST.
CAPITAL.
Amonnt of Capital Stock, paid up In
Cash , $750,000 CO
ASSETS. ""
Heal Estate owned by Company.... $918,766 43
L<oans on Bonds and Mortgages.... 9,505,150 00
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company.... 41.856 75
Cash in Company's Office 6,055 10
Cash In Banks 66.4S1 79
Interest due and accrued ton all
Stocks and Loans 17S 95
Premiums In due Coarse of Collec-
tion 831.45189
Bills receivable, not Matured, taken
for Fire and Marine Risks 10,590 S3
Due from other Companies for Re-
Insurance on losses already paid. 1.163,599 45
Total Assets fl».:30.i29 24
LIABILITIES.
Liomci In process of Adjustment or
in Suspense JS4.SCS 50
Gross Premiums on Marine and In-
land Navigation Risks, f ;
reinsurance 100 per cent H.1CS 00
Gross premiums on Marine Time
Risks, I ; reinsurance 60
percent 76.430 50
Liability under other Branches 10,799,262 15
Cash Dividends remaining: unpaid. 618 2S
Due for Reinsurances SI, SOS 97
Total Liabilities .J1L0M.C31 87
IKCOME.
XCet cash actually received for Ma-
rine premiums S576.S73 9S
Becelved for interest on Bonds and
Mortgages 860,500 65
Received for Interest and dividends
oa Bonds, Stocks. Loans and from
all other sources 68,558 3C
Received from all other sources.... 2,488,036 49
Total Income S3.492.769 39
EXPENDITURES. ~~
ffet amount paid for Marine Losses
{Including 1 t losses of pre-
vious years) 1498.933 53
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 85,740 01
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc.. 28,7(13 Zl
Paid for State, National and Local
taxes 3,319 26
All other payments and expendi-
ture* 1.499.371 »
Total Expenditures $2,116,132 37
Marine.
LostM Incurred Curing the year $520,851 25
Marine
Risks and Premiums. Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written darlnr the
year $229,284,829 $669,921 67
Ket amount cf Risks
expired durinr the
year 228,516.170 658,495 21
J«et amount in force
December 31. 1900 8.9S8.S04 107.573 SO
TH. DAUMAN.V, Manager.
6ubscribed and sworn to before me this 4th
day of May. 1S01.
VTILHELM HUMBERT. Notary Public.
OF MAGDEBURG, IN THE STATE OF
Prussia, on the 31st day of December. A. D.
1900. and for the year ending on that day, as
made to the Insurance Commissioner of the
ttate of California, pursuant to the provisions
of sections €10 and 611 of the Politics* Code,
condensed as per blank furnished by the Com-
missioner:
Wilhelma of Magdeburg
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF THE
OP THE—
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
STATEMENT
room. He stated he was skeptical and
had no faith in palmistry or clairvoyance,
and had come to be convinced either one
¦way or the other. Ismar began that easy
flow of language of hers, and half an hour
afterward the cynic left her room
wrrathed In smiles. He afterward said:
"That woman is certainly a wonder. The
way she sailed into my business affairs
and told me of my past life— a thousand
times better than I could myself In that
length of time— is more than remarkable.
She told me of changes I have been con-
templating and advised me to make them.
She told me of family affairs that were
simply astonishing'. She also diagnosed
my physical condition and correctly
named the cause of my ailment. I shall
follow her advice and try to get well. She
certainly is all she claims to be, and I
¦unhesitatingly recommend her to all that
•wish to seek her aid and advice." The
evidence of those who have called on
this wonderful woman is of such a nature
as to convince the most skeptical that the
past, present and future can be read. Is-
mar can be consulted dally from 10 a. in-
to 5 p. m. at her office. 1148 Market street,
opposite Sixth, two doors below Wein-
ptock & Lubln's.
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Prlca Lists Mailal
on Application.
DIRECTORY
BILLIARDS, POOL AND BAR FIXTURES
6t. Germain Billiard Co.. late Jacob Strahle
& Co <est'd. 1K2V 409 Market St.: upon In-
stallment or rented: also beer apparatus.
mm MANY YEARS
Of suffering from kidnejr disease, Miss
Minnie Ryan, of St. Louis, Mo., found
a complete cure result from the use of
Dr. Pierce's Golden Medical Discovery.
It is such cures
as this which es- JfiglEL^
tablish the sound- W***w&
ness of Dr. Pierce's
theory: "Diseases v^^JL
which originate in --^^pJ^V-x
the stomach must /f^^XJi'y.VA
be cured through /•Vin^J\K : rsii'A
the stomach." W-7 J YwSir^'l
Every other organ /•*.(•// I- If *'-'¦/
depends on the .fe\: :yV?w"/\7;;7 r
stomach for its /*?&•'. v I •'i'- Wl
vitality and vigor. K fj v^Ll^y*v»
For by the stom- p if / ~% rJk.
ach aiid its asso- yj I j ,/\%.
dated organs of fj I J>J ®[
digestion and nu- j\?±-._ L_/^iA.
trition the food ff'/^S^^r
which is eaten is rX$*\s^''^ I EM
converted into nu-**^^^ ) WM
triment, which, in^x^^ S] h
the form of blood, sji^ w
is the sustaining y^l H
power of the body /^ I ..S
and each organ of /•*.i*; ¦"*: : .*"-"^'-B
stomach is dis- fMLx La^jtfH
ply of the body is JBIWct b^SmiE|
cut down, the or- firuTImM Is»sWb^»»
gans are starved, and the weakness of
starvation shows itself in lungs, heart,
liver, kidneys or some other organ. '
Dr. Pierce's Golden Medical Discovery
cures diseases of the stomach and other
organs of digestion and nutrition, and
so cures disease of other organs which
have originated through deficient nutri-
tion or impure blood. .
"I had been suffering with kidney trouble
twenty years," writes Miss Minnie Ryan, of
1537 Louisiana Avenue, St. Louis, Mo., "and I
had doctored with a number of the best physi-
cians. Two vears ago I commenced taking your
'Golden Medical Discov|ry' and 'Favorite Pre-
scription ' and took also several vials of Doctor
Pieree's Pellets. I took eight bottles (four of
each), and I feel now perfectly cured." j
Dr. Pierce's Pellets cure biliousness.
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
I1C RAVKC *• C\ Shlpplni? Butchers. 104
JAi- DUlC3&Vll- Clay: TeL Main 12S4
COAL, COKE A1O PIO IROX.
J- C- WILSON & CO-, Telephone Main 1SC4.
OILS.
LUBRICATING OILS. LEONARD ft ELLI3.,
<U Frost ft.. & F. Phone Main 1711..
LUBRICATING OILS. ENSIGN & MeGUF-
F1CK. a 8p*sr St.. 8. F. TeL Main 6C0. '
DR. HALL'S REIN VIGORATORBnrag
Five hundred reward for any Ma^tBR
case we cannot cure. This secret ¦*¦¦ ¦¦H
remedy ptops ail losses In 24 hours, { B jj
cures Etnlssions, Impotency, Vari- DM |3&fl
coeele, Gonorrhea, Gleet, Fits, Wfl PRftl
Stricture*. Lost Manhood and all vM liaU
wasting effects of eelf-abuse or 15*31, JW
excesses. Sent sealed. J2 bottle; S ¦¦¦^¦BjtfcBl
bottles, $5; puaranteed to cure any case. Ad-
dress HALL'S MEDICAL INSTITUTE, 855
Broadway, Oakland, Cal. Also for sale at 10734
Market St.. S. F. All private diseases Quickly
cured. Send for free book. -
530 CALIFORNIA ST.
S. FIGEL & SON, Y. D. EHBHABDt
8OLIC1TOR8.
303 CALIFORNIA ST,
DOUGLAS B. WATSON, City Agcn^
GUTTE & FRANK, Managers*
H. VATKB. President. ==S
BERNDT, vice President. ~
Subscribed and sworn to Before me this Ct]i
day of April, 1901. MAX J. BUELER, -
U. S. Coastal. >
Paid or allowed for Commission or '
Brokerage 800,0247?
Paid for Salaries. . Fees, and other
• charges for officers, clerks, etc.... X73.181 IT
Paid for State, National and Local
-taxes K>,2S1 tf
All-other -i rayments • and ~ expendl- ¦¦-,-..
tares .. 173.843 M
Total Expenditures ..... $4,438,708 S3
, EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for ' Firs Losses . .
(including $542,048 68. losses of pre-
vious years) .-. J3.M7.007 43
Dividends to Stockholders ............ 23,000 to
Total Liabilities ........1X773.152 11
DTC0MB. ',
Net cash actually received for Firs
premiums U.*19,7S1 Of
Received for Interest on Bonds and
Mortgages 47.700 71
Becelved for interest and dividends
on Bonds, Stacks, Loans, and from
all-other sources .'. S4.S73 S3
Received for Rents 17.601 9»
Received from all other sources.... S4.503 35
Total Income ..$4,574,953 94
Losses In process or Adjustment or ¦
In Suspense (533,751 0
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less.- $ ;
. reinsurance 50 per cent 1.653.751 T%
Gross premiums on Firo Risks ran- .
nlng more than one year. $.. j
reinsurance pro rata 299,955 39
Cash dividends remaining unpaid.... 730 00
All other liabilities 283.943 39
In process of
Total Assets t4.750.U8 31
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company.... $534,159 R
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages 1,260.028 01
Cash Market Valve of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company 1,62060 63
Cash In Company's Office 1.(93 51
Cash in Banks 542,431 3T
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 7,217 SI
Premiums In due Course of Collec-
tion 286.403 A3
Due from other Companies for Re-
Insurance on losses already paid.. 433.2SS 59
- CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid no In
Cash ....: $750,000 08
missioner:
OF MAGDEBURG. IX THE STATE OB!
Prussia, on the 31st day of December, A. D.
1900 and for the year ending on that day, as
made to the Insurance CommlsalcJner of the
State 'of California, pursuant to the provisions
of sections 610 . and 611 of the Political Code.
condensed as per. blank furnished by the Com-
INSURANCE COMPANY
MAGDEBURG FIRE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF TiLE i
—OF THE—
STATEMENT
Pioneer Dry Goods Store.
INDIES* JERSET RIBBED BLUE VESTS
S for l&e. 20c and 25c Linen Collars at S for
2SC Larre Linen Bpools X for 6c. at 105 Fifth.
PRINTING.
EC RITfiHFQ PRINTER.
v* llUUllEOi til Sansome st.. S. 7.
DR. * KHi3EKR'S SWAMP-BOOT.
PRINTERS, BOOKBINDERS.
XHE HICKE-JUDD CO..
8 First Street, Baa Francisco.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
KEARNT AND WASHINGTON 'STS.— RE*
modeled and renovated. KINO. WARD &
CO. European plan. Rooms, 60c to II 60 day;
IS to *8 week; (S to $20 month. Free baths; hot
and cold water every room; lire grates In every
room; elevator runs all night.
Weekly Call, $1.00 per Year
A few days ago a very prominent Saa
Francisco gentleman walked into the re-
ception room of Ismar, the noted Egyp-
tian Palmist and Clairvoyant, at 114S Mar-
ket street, opposite Sixth. After waiting
his turn, he passed Into the consultation
.tlons So Truthful as to Al-
most Surpass Belief.
Convinced a Skeptic.
ISMAR
Thousands Have Kidney Trouble
and Don't Know it. *
: How To Find Out.
•Fill a bottle or common glass with you?
water and let It stand twenty-four hours; a
. -JTVj--^.' s^ 111611 * or set-
J!75Tn t i*C3 ln^ fr"* 104 * 6 * an
-^R5Sm «<fcJb"73* unhealthy condi-
ly/V JsKTH/ / v ne y s : *M* stains
W' >JS^-o5?fe- I your 1Inen !t fa
J evidence of kld-
jOd \w jw T^LJrL ne y trouble; too
t *%\^Uj rTyS frequent desire to
. "^ v^S^y^-oJ*^ pass it or pain in
"* the back is also
convincing procf that the kidneys and blad-
der are out of order.
What to Do.
There Is comfort in the knowledge so
often expressed, that Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-
Root, the great kidney remedy fulfills every
wish* in curing - rheumatism, pain in the
back, kidneys, liver, bladder and every part
of the urinary passage. It corrects inability
to hold water and scalding pain in passing
it, or bad effects following use of liquor,
wine or beer, and overcomes that unpleasant •
necessity of being compelled to go often
during the-riay, and to get up many times
during the night. The mild and the extra-
ordinary effect of Swamp-Root Is soon
realized. It stands the highest for its won-
derful cures of the most distressing cases.'
If you need a medicine you should have tho
best. Sold by druggists in 50c and$l. sizes.
, You may have a sample bottle of thb .
wonderful discovery ffrffi*'
and a book that tells gflSSSwaaS^P 5^ I
more about it, both sent JlJIg^vffiSffi^
absolutely free by mail.
Address Dr. Kilmer & Horn* of swamp-Root, r
Co.. Binghamton. N. Y. When writing men-
tion reading this generous offer in this paper. !
v "
MOM
. Jhls fireat Tral*
runs but twice
per week tfuriag
TiHIRSDAV gSgf
THF Leaving ¦! 9 am,
nt - It arrives la
CflLIFQBNII
llmTrfl
11 HI 1 1 L II ns hltfi standard <
efwrvfeafs:
0" 0 -:faUy maintained.-:
am ie
j* — s. strIctlt reliable.
tm MEN
l^^y,. ONLY!
l«5£silr- RT FAR THB
/A.*4A^fv *¦* rreater number oC
S7N\ \/rW. P*tient» seeklos rellej
*V I /Vte§*&%ilJ}\ «S tor so-called w«aknes»
My IrJSp^// xii I ar * *tzong. robust men la
cP* • l\ xkJ II • « v e*T other respect. Ou*
\\" I \ Sift// // theory that Loss ot Vital-
It 1 \i» // Jf Ity Presnatureneas, etc..
ar* not weaknesses, but the symptoms of in-
flammatory processes In the Prostate Gland
(so-called neck of. bladder) caused by . con-
tracted disorders and early dissipation, la now
being: adopted by the leading specialists of tha
world. Under our local plan of treatment,
directed toward reducing tha enlarged and .
swollen Prostate. Immediate results, aa indi-
cated by Increased circulation and renewed
strength, are observed. Our colored chart o£
the organs, which we send free on application.
Is Interesting: to any ono wishing to study ta«
anatomy of the 'male.
DR. TALCOTT & CO., 997 Market Su
. ft'\ IOX* X ill S "W G G tt. *%
ijjri- ; These special prices are real reductions on our %
Jf reduced cut -rates, and fare goocl^ until Saturday jjrt
¦'M night, August '3. .Hundre^s - of customers watch fji ¦
m our sa^ es each week and profit thereby., ill
F Hunter Rye Whisky 1 $1.00 Williams Shaving Stick 15c IS
P Sozodont j^r Cleaver's Cucumber .,: m\
M Large— 20c saving over>eguUr price: '¦ . ' and GlyCCHnC Soap'l5C Jtt '
; % )¦¦¦-: Carter's * Peroxide • ' - : " D R ' 8Ul " •*" 15c^ box - . ' : ft j
|V of Hydrogen 15c s Fricnd **-K) l5c if
R Lola Montez Cream 50c Lcs!ciys T * Icurn Powder 5c|/
m NN Shampoo .,3 for !0c Florida Water ZScJfj/"WASHINGTON, July 27.— The following'
pensions were granted to-day: California:
Original— Isham F. Reavls, Emmet, $8.
Increase— William A. Jones, San Fran
cisco, $12; Edward Amman, Pomona. $8:
John Scott. Los Angeles. $12; Michael
Morrissey, Los Angeles, $17; Samuel
Burke, Vallejo. $8. Widows-Sarah A.
Yager San Bernardino, $8; .Emma Rey
nolds, Los Angeles, .$8. War with Spain
original— Jacob Loman, San Francisco, $6
Oregon: Original— John W. Dickens,
P/ewsey, $8. Widow-Sarah Ashby
Union, $8.
.J 1 "? Postofflce Department has Issued
the following announcements: Postofflce
established: Luda, Coos Countv Or •
David C. Krantz Postmaster. - -
Postmasters commissioned: California—
Oxnard. Henry W. Witman: Washington
—New Kamilche, Angus L. McDonald
Oregon— Salmon, Rol land W. Barker.
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE V
OP THE PACIFIC COAST
LjOS ANGELES, July 27.— Considerable
excitement was created* in the. libel suit
of Major W. C. Furrey against the.com
mittee of fifteen' to-day by the reading of
an extract on the books of W.'. C. Furrey
& Co. as follows:
Charge enough to cover two days (Blumbe)
on both schools. Also charge an extra day or
so on labors if you want any profit, as ¦ you
cannot charge over $2 per day for labor, . and
we paid that much, besides furnishing tools.
Also include car fare (3 20. ' •¦
Franklin Flint, one of the attorneys for
the defendant committee and also a mem
ber of the committee, testified that the
books and bills of Furrey & Co. had been
so manipulated that it was impossible to
tell positively whether any -particular
goods were delivered or not and said he
was satisfied that there had been a delib
erate scheme to get money out of the pub
lic treasury. .
Major Furrey declared that the entry
heretofore quoted could be fully,, explain
ed. Furrey.'s suit Is based upon a report
published by the committee of fifteen after
an investigation of city , offices ln the
course of which Furrey & Co. were ac
cused of duplicating bills and overcharg
ing on contracts.
¦ . • . ? —
Lectures by Baptist Leaders.
SANTA CRUZ, July 27.— A large num
ber listened to the' lecture by Rev." A. P.
Brown of Fresno at the Twin Lakes Bap
tist Assembly this morning. It was a
scholarly address on the life and work 'of
Henry Drummond, the great scientist and
evangelist. Before the lecture this even
ing there was a praise service, led by
Rev. A. W. Rider, of Oakland. Rev. G.
W. Hill of the same city then gave an ad
dress on "The National Anniversaries of
the Baptist Churches."
Hangs Himself to a Doorknob.
GERMANTOWN, July ¦. 27. — Henry
Ahrens. a laborer, about 43 years * old,
committed suicide to-day by hanging him
self to a doorknob. Ahrens was a native
of Germany. He had been drinking con
siderably of late y
Libel Suit Against the Los Angeles
Committee of Fifteen Produces
• a Sensation. •
CTTBIOUS ENTRY IN
MAJOB FUBSEY>S BOOKS
Bishop is well known throughout the
State, and he has spent the thirty odd
years of his life in Jefferson County. He
is one of the wealthy men in that section.
In addition to several large farms, he
owns a logging camp and interests in
Sound steamers. He served two terms in
the lower house of the State Legislature.
Bishop's friends claim that the suit is
tha outcome of a blackmailing scheme.
They allege that he is innocent of the
chargea brought against him and that the
girl is being incited by persons who seek
to benefit themselves.
.TACOMA. July 27.— William Bishop,
who represented • Jefferson County in the
lower house of the last Legislature, has
been sued on serious allegations by. Ed
wina Berry, a girl who lives near him.
The complaint asks for $25,000 damages.
The girl is the young daughter of a wid
ow living near Port Townsend. ; '
Special Dispatch to The Call.
age Suit.
Rich Washington . Man
Defendant in a 4 Data-
GIRL ACCUSES
HIM OF WRONG
TACOMA, July 27.— Frank Ailing of this
city is organizing one of the strangest
hunts ever planned in the Northwest, and
ln three weeks will attempt to marshal
great numbers of farmers in \ Western
Washington in a gunning expedition after
the colonies of crows that infest the
Puget Sound country. Ailing and other
Northwestern sportsmen have discovered
that the crows are relentlessly destroying
broods of young Oriental game birds,
besides making sad havoc Of native birds'
nests by destroying the eggs. The crows
also keep sharp supervision over farms
and commit many depredations in barn
yards, and it has finally been decided to
try to drive them out of the State. Ailing
believes his hunt will so scare the crows
that the greater part of them will leave.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Plan a Novel Campaign
in the Vicinity of ; <
Puget Sound.
GUNNERS TO WAR
ON CROW COLONY
Prunes Withdrawn From Market.
SAN JOSE, July 27.— At a meeting of the
executive '¦ committee of \ the ¦ Cured ! Fruit
Association .to-day all; resolutions fixing
the price of 'prunes were rescinded.:: This
practically withdraws all prunes from the
market f or • the ¦ present. r . The action : was
te ken /-.to take advantage of the rise r in
prices caused ! by i the drought in the I East.
Burglaries in Gilroy. , :
j GILROT, July 27.— Two stores were loot
ed by : burglars • In^tlAs .city last night.
Harry Frutlg's Jewelry store was entered
by a back cloor and • watches, silverware
and plated ware to the, value of $200 taken.
In .the same- block, the : Bhow iwindow of
Sol Goldman was broken and a quantity
of razors, ;cheap Jewelry and rings taken,
valued at about $30.- :' • ' :t.
Ministerial Association Officers.
SANTA CRUZ, July ... 27.— The following
are the new officers of the • Ministerial
Association, elected | at Garfield Park to
day.' President, W. F. Reagor of Colusa;
first vice president, J. Durham, Irvlngton;
second vice president, J. J. Evans; third
vice president, Rev. Thomas Edwards, Gil
roy; secretary. Rev. D. A. - Russell, Palo
Alto; treasurer, Rev/ R. N. ; Davis, Santa-
Cruz. • " r '¦¦
Hart to-day sentenced Frank Enright, a
fcotpad, who had pleaded guilty of rob
bery, to San Quentin for life. Enright was
a partner of Roy Fahey, who was given
a life sentence at Folsom on Tuesday last.
Fahey stood trial, but Enright pleaded
guilty after a Jury had been called.- ¦
I Judge Hart said that he could find no
excuse for making any difference between
the sentences of the two men and that
he believed crimes of this sort should re
ceive the limit of sentence allowed by
the law. Enright cursed the Judge, say
ing he hoped he would become paralyzed.
Gives Bledsoe the Judgeship.
SAN BERNARDINO. July 27.— Judge
Shaw, presiding in the Superior Court, to
day rendered a decision in the Judgeship
contest in favor of B. F. Bledsoe, the
Democratic candidate, giving him a plu
rality of seven votes. At the last election
the canvassing board - declared • a tie be
tween the . candidates for the Superior
Judgeship, " Bledsoe (D.) and Bennett (R.)
having an equal number of votes. Judge
Campbell, the old * Incumbent, held over,
whereupon Bledsoe began quo warranto
proceedings to oust Campbell and to have
himself declared elected. The case will
be taken to the Supreme Court. •
California Mules in Demand.
WOODLAND, July 27.-J.^G. Gilroy of
Kansas City, Mo., has purchased twenty
five carloads of mules' in the Sacramento
Valley. within the last few. days and they
will be shipped East : at once.. Most of
this shipment was purchased in Yolo,
Glenn, Colusa and.Tehama counties. ¦ A
dealer, who Is an authority on such mat
ters, says that "1500 mules and 500 horses
have been shipped East from this section
within the last six weeks. ', ' •¦
Judge Hart Inflicts the Extreme Pen
alty Upon Criminal Who Plead
ed Guilty.
SACRAMENTO, July 27.— Judge E. C.
FOOTPAD ENRIQHT GOES
TO PRISON FOR LIFE
TACOMA, July. 27.— The North Pacific
Coast , wheat' crop | will be a record
breaker, according to George P. Wright,
State Grain Inspector, ¦ who returned to
day from a trip through the wheat dis
tricts. Washington alone, Wright says,
will produce 32,000,000 bushels. Harvesting
is general now and the weather is so
promising that It ia believed no wheat
will be injured or lost. The labor ques
tion, which was a serious one two weeks
ago, .has been cleared through • numbers
of harvest hands entering the wheat dis
tricts, from- contiguous mining regions,
especially from British Columbia, where
the strike has thrown many out of em
ployment. The barley crop is, a factor
this year for- the first time, the yield be
ing large. v ¦
Yield.
Washing-ton's Grain Inspector Re
ports an Unusually Heavy-
NORTHEHN WHEAT CBOP
. A. RECORD-BREAKER
SALT LAKE, July 27.— Suit was entered
ln the Federal court here to-day by Anson
Phelps Stokes of New York ln behalf of
the Austin Mining Company, whose prop
erty is located in Nevada, against Allan
C. Washington of New York and Philo
T. Farnsworth of Salt Lake, asking for
an accounting of the company's business.
The amount involved Is in the neigh
borhood of $300,000 and in his petition
Stokes brings numerous charges of fraud
and mismanagement against Washington
as president and Farnsworth as general
manager of the company. The principal
claim is that the company is not indebted
to Farnsworth and Washington in ¦ the
sum of 5296.000, as, it is alleged, is shown
by the books of the company." It is also
alleged.. that through the frauds perpe
trated by the defendants the stock' of the
company was.greatly_depreciated and.the
stockholders were damaged to the extent
of $200,000. .-->v- -- . ; ., ¦-¦ .
Anson Stokes of New York Makes
• Charges Against Two Mining
WANTS AN ACCOUNTING
OE COMPANY'S BUSINESS
Broad Mandamuses Tax Collector.
Charles B. Broad has petitioned the Su
perior Court for a writ of mandate to
compel Tax Collector Scott to permit him
to qualify as an experienced clerk in the
Tax Collector's office. Broad alleges that,
although his name alone was certified to
the Tax Collector when a vacancy-oc
curred, Scott refused to recognize the cer
tification and appointed another eligible
on the civil service list to fill the vacancy.
Hence the filing of the petition for a writ
of mandate. •
Insolvent Hotel-Keeper.
Thomas F. Keyes of the firm of Keyes
& Becker, hotelkeepers in Ross Valley,
Marin County, filed a petition in insol
vency yesterday in the United States Dis
trict Court. H© owes $3824 and has no
assets.
Herschel F. La Motte filed suit yester
day, against the Southern Pacific Com
pany to recover $5000 damages for breach
of contract. La Motte avers that on July
11 he purchated an Epworth League ex
cursion ticket at Philadelphia, He came
to tlii? city and when he desired to return
to Philadelphia he alleges that', ho ap
peared at the office of the railroad joint
agent for the purpose of having his ticket
"validated." The joint agent compelled
him to sign his name four times, he al
leges, and then forced i him ! to remove
his hat .in .the presence of about a hun
dred people that the agent i might see
where the hat was manufactured. Not
withstanding the fact that the hat was
manufactured in- Philadelphia and that
his signature corresponded to that on the
Bailroad Kept His Ticket.
/ f^> AN JOSE, July 27.— Albert O. Coro
(V^ nado, charged by. a Coroner's jury
. with the brutal murder of Fran
£< S *J'. Cisco Norano, was lodged in the
- ; . County Jail by Sheriff Langford at
a late hour to-night. The evidence which
has ..been 'brought to light, is purely cir
cumstantial, but it: is believed that there
"will be found sufficient to prove his guilt.
Norano, who is a well-known Spanish-
American living on a ranch near the Al
maden mines, : was returning home last
night from a collecting trip to San Jose,
with about |80 in his pockets. His nephew,
a young boy, was with him, but not being
mounted had fallen a hundred yards or so
behind. Suddenly a shot ¦ waa fired from
the brush beside the trail. and Norano fell
from the horse. His head had been al
most torn from his shoulders by a charge
of heavy shot fired at close range. . ,
The nephew hurried up and saw a man
bending- over his uncle and rifling bis
pockets. The robber raised the shotgun,
but before he could fire the boy dodged
The San Francisco extension committee
of the Ancient Order of United Workmen
held an enthusiastic meeting last night
In the office of the grand recorder, when
plans were suggested for the holding of
public meetings ln various parts of the city
and for having a grand initiation on the
night of the 28th of October, the anniver
sary of the founding of the order. A
meeting will be held ln a short time to
perfect arrangements for the latter event.
Ancient Workmen's Anniversary.
the mattresses of the bed. Coronado's ex
planation was that he had been hunting
the previous afternoon, although he had
denied but a few moments before that he
ever used a shotgun. The loads of the
gun were drawn out. The left-hand barrel
was wadded with moss, which was identi
cal with a piece of partly burned wadding
found in the hat-of the murdered man.
Coronado then said that Norano was a
warm friend of his and that he had
loaned him the horse on which the trip
was made to San Jose. On Friday morn
ing he saw the murdered man at Guada
lupe for the last time. £*'« :r l
The inquest was held by Coroner Kell at
Almaden this evening and a verdict was
found recommending that Coronado b«
held for trial for the murder. The accused
man has two brothers living in San Jose,
and they engaged Bert Herrington as at
torney to defend him. Herrington was
waiting at the Jail when Coronado was
brought in and at once advised him to>
keep his story to himself. Coronado.
however, denied any complicity in the
murder, and claimed that he was at hia
home with his wife during the entire even
ing.
ticket, Lamotte avers that the agent re
fused to return him the ticket, stating
that he was not the original purchaser
thereof. In addition to $5000 damages La
Motte asks for judgment compelling the
Southern Pacific to pay his expenses by
his forced detention in this city.
r Special Dispatch to The CalL
into the brush and ran for his life. For a
time he heard the pursuer behind him. but
ln the darkness he easily made an escape
to the house of Benjamin Ortega, where
he told of the crime.
Ortega, an old man and alone in his
cabin, was afraid to venture out, and the
two remained. behind barricaded doors un
til dawn. Then the alarm was fflvenand
a telephone report sent here to the Sherinr
and Coroner. The body was found where
It had fallen, the pockets empty and
money, watch and rings gonci. ¦
When the Sheriff arrived ait the scene
of the crime the trail of ti»e murderer
was at once taken up and he was tracked
with some difficulty through the woods
up the mountain side. About a hundred
yards from the little cabin of Albert
Coronado the trail was lost. Sheriff Lang
ford and Deputies Bache and Carson made
Inquiries of Coronado and soon became
suspicious of the man. His stories of his
movements during the, preceding twenty
four hours were- contradictory, and his
statement that he had no . shotgun was
disproved after a short search . of the
house, when an old-fashioned muzzle
loading gun was found concealed between
Coroner's : Jury Charges Albert Goronaclo With Cowardly Murder and
' Robbery of Francisco Noranq on Santa Clara Road-r-Victim's Nephew
Escapes Fate of His Relative by Taking to His Heels in the Darkness
L. H. Valentine said to-day: "I am In
formed that Frank P. Flint will resign,
on August 1 and I am prepared to assume
the duties of United States Attorney of
this district as soon after that date as
my appointment is announced from
Washington. I shall do my utmost to
conduct the affairs of the office in the
same enviable manner that has marked
the efforts of my predecessor." .
The office of United ; States District At
torney for Southern California is worth
$3500 a year, and that of the assistant
$1500 a year. 1 The jurisdiction ¦ extends
half way- up the San Joaquin Valley and
south to San Diego. ¦ . ;
LOS ANGELES. July 27.— Frank P.
Flint, United States Attorney .' for. th'e
Southern District of California,- will on
next. Thursday forward his resignation. to
Washington, ¦;' and ¦ as • soon'' thereafter as
the commission may issue former Assem
blyman I* -H. Valentine will assume the
position thus j- .vacated. With Mr. Flint
will step down; and out James R. Finlay
son, who has; been the 'assistant of the
office ever since! the appointment of his
chief more than. four years ago. The new
Deputy Dlstrict'Attorney is to be George
L. McKeeby.of this city. " '
The resignation of District Attorney
Flint at -this time will come to the public
somewhat In the nature of a surprise, as
his successor had Intended originally that
the changes in the conduct of the office
should not take place until Congress met
next December. Mr. Flint, however, has
felt for some. time that his public duty
was Interfering with hia private practice,
and the step he has decided upon is the
result of this fact. " ; •
L.-H. Valentine had been advis«d sev
eral days ago by the Incumbent that the
latter was desirous of being relieved of
duty, .and he has ; as a. result placed his
own affairs , in shape to take hold at the
point where the present District ¦Attorney
leaves off. The resignation of Mr. Flint
and the appointment of his successor will
be announced" from Washington simul
taneously. The latter will then fiie^ his
bond and the.changre will have been of
ficially consummated.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Change in the Southern Oali
„ fornia Jurisdiction to '
Ocour at Once. . ¦
L. H. Valentine Succeeds
¦Him as District
Attorney.
FRANK P. FLINT
RESIGNS OFFICE
ASSASSIN SHOOTING FROM AMBUSH
DEALS DEATH TO ALMADEN RANCHER
BURSTING BOILER
KILLS TWO MEN
Hurls Heavy Threshing
Engine Through
the Air.
I Special Dispatch to The Call.
UKIAH. July 27.— News of an accident
Involving the loss of two lives and the
injuring of several men was brought to
this city to-day from Anderson Valley,
twenty miles southwest of here. Th«
grain crop of the Smalley ranch was be
ing threshed yesterday afternoon, the old
style separator and a portable engine be
ins used. A young man named Irish was
in charge of the engine. Noticing that
soi-ethlng was wrong, he crawled under
It to make an examination.
Suddenly an explosion occurred and th«
entire machine, boiler, engine, wheels and
all, arose several feet in the air, leaving
the engineer unhurt on the ground, and
were propelled a distance of fifty feet to
the separator, passing entirely over it and
continuing on for about eight feet far
ther. • '
William Rose, aged about 56 years, was
killed outright, a heavy casting Btriking
him on the head, and David Leard. was
fatally -Injured, dying soon afterward.
Several others of the crew were injured.
The grain stacks and separator took fire
and were , destroyed.
The weight of the engine and boiler was
abcut four and a half tons, and when this
ponderous mass finally struck the earth
it tore' an immense hole in the ground.
The threshing machine belongs to J. B.
6a7)derB.
Santa Bosa Gets the Fair.
SANTA ROSA, July 27.— At a meeting
held here to-day the directors- of the
Fourth Agricultural District Fair Associ
ation decided upon Santa Rosa as the
place for holding the exposition this fall,
and named September 23 to 28 as the date.
The plan of last year, which proved a
combined agricultural and street f fair, will
be followed.
16
,'the;^ mycis(%i^
Men.
By G. H. Umbsen & Co.— Monday, August
J2_ at 12 o'clock. Eeal Estate, at 14 Montgom-
ery street. .. . ~ -. ¦• . • -
AUCTION SALES.
"• By • Union • Stockyards - Company— Monday
July 29, at 10! o'clock. Packing House Machin-
ery, at Kodeo, Cal. . ¦ . "
Pleasant, Palatable, Potent. Ta*te Good. Do Good,
Kerer Sicken. Weaken, or Grip*. 10, 23, and 50 cent*
per box. Write lor free sample, and booklet on
health. Addr«s • ¦ • ; • <:3
fcTXCLIXa CESCDT COMPiST, CBiriCO «r BEW YOKE.
KEEP YOUR BLOOD GLEAN
EAT 'EM LIKE CANDY
AMUSEMENTS.
Tivoli— "The Toy Maker." -
California— "The Case of Kebelllous Susan "
to-morrow night. • .. 7 .
Orpheum— Vaudeville.
• Columbia— "Garrett CMagh."
Alcazar— "The Country Girl.",. ¦
Grand Opera-house— "Paul Kauvar." '
Central— "Trilby." •
:oiympia, corner. Mason and Eddy streets—
Specialties. : , ; ¦• - .,
Chutes, Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every
afternoon and evening-. . .. *
Fischer's— Vaudeville.,
"Re-creation Park— Baseball. . .
Sutro Baths— Swimmlns. ,"*'
Union Coursing Park— Coursingr to-day. . :
Melrose Coursing Park— Coursing to-day.
Mechanics' Pavilion— -Organ recital, to-mor-
row night. - • ' ' ... I;
" ADVERTISEMENTS.
E , THE GREAT FINALE OF^ OUR 3
1 GREATEST OF CLEARANCE SALES. |
~~ which will cause this sale long to be remembered. r ; v ",-'¦¦ ¦ ¦ ' " z£
Sensational Silk Remnant Sale. Phenomenal Black Goods Bargain. 3
I An n eOc English Alpaca for J3
S^ III will «f mSw sMure th* choicest KSV H 1 H m Goods bargain of tne year, when you *^1| 4Tvk ¦
Isse pain striped and coHedTaff etas in all the b<xt the genuine iron-frame English Alpaca; a beautiful Bilk- ,^
JT" colorings, and fine Printed Foulards, ranging in lengths , finish cloth of a superior quality; imported to sell at 60c a --
5= from 1% to 14 vards. formerly sold at $1.50. 51.25. 51.00 and yard. Commencing to-morrow at the unprecedentedly low =^
g- Kc. Your choice Monday, per yard...... - 5Oc price of, per yard ............S9c -^
% A Big Embroidery Sale. |Qp A Sale of Trench Immense Black Taffeta 3
g 2dc, isc and isc Values vc Flannels. Waist Sale.
S (MpQi SSlSr - ?£ 85c & 75c Flannels Were $12.50, sio.oo, $7.50 and 2
jp: )Q^ is£!) ****¦ wiu crowd oar *¦«.« $6.00 for ZS
*• Jr departmeat such e» It . (VjOnUaV " •
ivTi/ neTer bM b«en' 7 b«- ' , / . when you consider the AM t\f\ Z£
~- s~Ss§g&§^ ton. W« purchaeed __ %/ tf h!g Wa.lst business we \ B U6
fc= fa VsysL^ from "¦ wdl " Y*ii*rl' >»»?• done thu Beas ° n - Jt iv.biuU 2
S£= / 9^^i? U known maaufactJirer -. v-F*-f Vr I Ql \M & easy to understand that -S
S= / &ftZtifc I • at a Wg sacriflce, and there should.be odd waists
•- / A yLV# / \ ¦** lntend to dl8PO8 * x ***** opportnalty-Hlon't on hand, but we are de- ESICtl 3
2ZZZ I U 5^^ / 'j of them at once. There mlae Jt 1200 y&T&a ot tne nnM t termlned to close out every _^
«fc— I *^> \ *3§(P/^\. *** s&glngu * nd to " quality Renuins all-wool French one; therefore this tremendous - price cut-^^| |
E 3^ \' V \*i'liWr!/Y f3»- •erttons. « to B Inche. nannelj for -w-rappeni or Tea ting. 'These waists' ar« made of the finest
\V X^^^ V^T^ I* 14 *'* iple^ W Q „ Gowns, in a great variety of Black Taffeta, in handsome hemstitched,
fc W^SL-^^ a^K'ISS; and corded effect ; that
~~ / y / ZJE>^X.n*- **>K 7: '^**&fe handsome designs: scrolls, ln all the most fashion- Bold for »«, *7 60, J10 and - —«
S^: fS te'&&<J5£2Jlf>t*1>?% Bold up to 20c ifs able colorings; every _ rt (1250 to be closed out to- A« AA -^i
S= {/Z<^C^$&&ffi£&& yard. T o u r I II n yard positively worth C fl n morrow at V V Q II Z2
g-<ierv^^S^ SSfeSia lUG w an . d .. 8 !?:...! ro :Ya o rd"0ub i5^-_v::::z.M;^^UAgy 2
A Special -500 Yards Biack A Special Offering in Liadies* 2
E c hoof ; nn Taffeta on . Petticoats. p
5T alieeLfng . $I.5O Each— Regutar Value $2.50. 3
fc= r» « • oflie* These ephsndld Un- /#SiS*Vfc / H2
ST" N^llO dersklrts will cause a ifiSwmvl^^fvbk
uUICi For Monday at a blgr reduction. furore to-morrow, /*|Wn\l\»\l\»\ml *^*
•7" We place on sale to-morrow two and you will know (m|!M1\b\b\%\WviI "* S
°QO __ , 4 , »_^,_ . Taffeta items of exceptional merit. that our special Pet- «Iif*l!lsS!w\a\«\*l -^
•»— "^ e announce for to-morrow a snks of the highest order and for ticoat offers always JWil|l|\l\\\ -35
¦pi 'racial sale of high-grade bleached at ]east on< .. t hird less than present brins big crowds, be- tf^TlalHIRmmvIX '
Eheetlngrs. and In ithe rejrular^ay manufacturer's price. cause the values are >> Afffi I BlBY iW -—
a>~ they would cost you one-third more vprv errpntinnnl Wp u HI IB 1 B\lV. -^»
•- than we are rolr.g to ask to-morrow. p n yard for S5o Black Swiss "i*. ,, r P ri d'ozpn *J&1 fl I fill «i^5!«*«» ~*
We tock every yard a retiring whole- hUP Taffeta. A pood-wearlng made of black and *t&Z/*&SM \K\w3m$8a&fi
S= saJw had on hand and which he J J Ij Quality of a lustrous finish; white striped merger- ?$SfiftKv
-^ therefore had to sacrlflce. WWU secured it under price; u^ T a A«iSBiiH^I
SpI 2300- yards fine grade bleached worth 65c Monday. 69c yard. Binty aaUbt double >^K0g ®^^T
X= Pheeting. 61 Inches wide. tG r O| flC f<» *1» Black Taffeta, accordion - p 1 a it e d
tm " For Monday Yard lOt VI llh fully 26 Inches wide; flounce, with ruchlnp * ! 8g££'i!ll\ iMuSUwS^SI' " m
jfc— * vj I I II (J every yard gruaranteed; top and bottom, and (ill ?KjfflU™^ —^g
S^ 2000 yards fine quality bleached Pll- *^ If It fails to give, satis- extra under ruffle; > "' :^
«fc— low Casing. 45 Inches wide. 1 A r faction money will be refunded. For faultlessly finished. On special sale to- <C 1 — *»
g— For Monday, special.... Yard 1W* Monday only, ?1 06 yard. morrow at Each I' 1 **'." "*jj 1
£ Extraordinary Wash Goods Selling Clearinq of All Tailor-Made Suits 3
We are determined that the last days of July ehall be the It is not our policy to carry goods over' from one season z35
~— wislest ones in our domestic department. "We have gone through to anothei^-to accomplish a swift clearance naturally means a ""•
£— our etock and selected some of the choicest and best selling loss w hich we ehperfullv tnk*»- nur nrnflt mat rnarti* onrlv in "^
S= styles that must be closed out regardless of their former cost r? 88 ' wnlcn we cneerrull y taKe - our P™" w as made early In -«•
»- or valu%. . th « "ason. .
•*- MFRP.FRI7rn RRFNAfllNF^ A beautiful Bummer fabric in <£\TZ Af| C.iJfc: FORMER v/lli/ES . =3
•*_ MtnirtmZ.tU bnCnAUinCdt lace and open-work effect. OlIlLS. S2S AHD S27.SO EACH
<ZZ "fife 25C, fOr I2SC Yarfl. '^XJWSSSZ 12-^lo™ 33^ 8ult ls a masterpiece of style and fine workmanship. =3
~Z Light Blue. Pluk. White. Nile. TeHow. Red. Lavender. 1 Ol^ U< S" a^ t!^ c ?5? ln « rf ?, 11 ' 1 mad S 3
SI and Navy. To be closed out at, a V yard l^sC of imported Clievlot and \ enetian in Black, Tan, Red and -«
currn nniAn iiiiritft » v V.I J ~ Navy; fly front double-breasted tight-fitting, with silk-lined r3
£ S)F5 S Wh A "-«-" -- ief^rid-s^^d l& $15^2 3
Were 25c, for 14c Yard. y >3: 14c S3 50 White Lawn Waist _ Si qt5 ¥ath 2
IRISH DIMITIES Some of the choicest designs and J '^ U W" 1 ™ l r aWlinaiSlS 9UV3 L6Cn
g*- ii|»i, it: i *2*i w j colorings ot this ideal sheer Dim- We have taken some of the handsomest White WaiBts and -3
~Z YlBlB IOC. TOT SaC Y2rfl. lty: !t u the best 15c doth. .To cut them ln price regardless of coet. Choice styles trimmed with
»__ • ¦«»«»*^ .i..w. j^ c j ose( j oat at^ yard O1 r face, embroidery and tucks. .• Were J3.50 each, reduced fl» 1 .9R
<¦»— O3C to, each «J»I: S3
** _,, ... _.„ - -._ ' j ' ¦ - lS v _^« ••Tr^iB ttjL*''^ rtlum weight, dou- <¦
all tne new eclorsana . . ¦ I^Ki-jE^Jm"^^^ ble knees and soles- -^3
*^" i^'m' d "'' Cv Llnlng 4 ' - ¦' ' - - sizes 5 to 9%: worth —^g
..^...^.f^.lc'rarf ¦ COUNTRY ORDERS RECEIVE PROMPT ATTENTION. rowV^rio^a^air
JUST 3 DAYS REMAIN
(MONDAY, TUESDAY AND WEDNESDAY)
, Jn Which to Take Advantage of Drs. Shores & Shores' Notable Offer to Treat All Who Applied During July
With Catarrh, or Any Complicated Nervous or Chronic Disease Until Cuxod for the One Low Fee of $5 a Month.
it No Other Charge or Expense in Any Case. All Medicines, Care and Attention Furnished Absolutely Free to
Demonstrate to the Public Once and for All That the Drs. Shores' Treatment Is Superior to All Others.
Hundreds have already taken advantage of th« offer. Drs. Shore* said that ALL who applied during July with Deafness. Catarrh or
any Chronic Disease, no matter, how COMPLICATED, would be treated until cured for the low fee of ?5 a month, all medicines included
free. DRS. SHORES KEEP THEIR WORD, but as only three days remain of the time fixed by Drs. Shores for this special offer to close.
DRS. SHORES NOW TAKE THIS PUBXJC MANNER TO WARN ALL THAT AS SURE AS YOU READ THESE LINES. JUST SO
SURE WILL, THE f5 RATE FOR ALL DISEASES, MEDICINES FREE. BE WITHDRAWN Wednesday night at 8 o'clock, July 31st.
AND. WILL POSITIVELY NOT AGAIN BE RENEWED OR EXTENDED. If you are left this time blame yourself. For DRS. SHORES
WARN ALL that after July 31st the price for treatment will be ADVANCED. Start in AT ONCE If you want to be cured for the low fe«
of $3 per month, all medicines included free.
COME TO-DAT. COME MONDAY. COME TUESDAY. COMB WEDNESDAY. The offer holds good to ALL WHO APPLY BEFOR3B
AUGUST 1ST.
• Remember the office hours— Week days, 9 a. m. to 4 p. m. ; Evenings, 8 to 8 p. m.; Sundays, 10 a. m. to 12 m. CONSULTATION
. FREE TO ALL. - ¦¦ . '. •
MRa J. R. SUMNER. • WILLIAM B. BRYAN. ZtILm*'
333 aFarrell Street. San Francisco. CaL HEAR , NG RESTORED AT MRS. lUX-STwEUBOX.
OtOmaCn UlSCaSe* oq YEARS m Turk Street, San Francisco, CaL
READ THE TESTIMONY OF MRS. SUM- ov • Mrs^ -wilson says: "I am a glovemaJcar. aad
NER WHO HAS BEEN A GREAT SUF- William Evermont Bryaift 646 Pacific avenue, have lived in San Francisco for the past six-
FERER FROM CHRONIC CATARRH . OF Alameda. Cal.. an old resident, says: "I have teen years. I have been sick for the last tares
THE STOMACH 'AND LIVER FOR THE lived in the same block twenty years and am years, and have doctored a great deal with dlf-
PAST 14 YEARS. an old resident of Alameda^ I am in my ferent physicians, but all to no purpose. I
MRS. SUMNER SATS: "I am an old resl- eightieth year. Previous to my residence m have suffered a great deal from LIVER,
dent of San Francisco and live at 333 O'Farrell Alameda I was twenty years a fanner and at STOMACH and KIDNEY trouble. My stomach
street. I have been a great sufferer from one time I was the largest farmer in Sac- would BLOAT UP after eating and PAIN ME
CHRONIC CATARRH OF THE STOMACH ramento County. % greatly. My food did not seem to do. me any
for the past fourteen years. MY STOMACH "The last ten years I have tended to my gcod. and after I would eat a hearty meal I
WOULD BLOAT up and PAIN me and I would lots and looked after my place in Alameda. would STILL BE HUNGRY. My coniltion
VOMIT a great deal. •- My stomach got so bad I lost my hearing in my right ear about cne grew gradually worse, until the past year I
the DOCTORS SAID I HAD CANCER OF year ago. I was totally deaf In that ear. bo have been UNABLE TO WORK. I also grew
THE STOMACH others would tell me I had that I could not hear a thing out cf It. This very NERVOUS and MELANCHOLY, and was
ULCERS in the stomach. No one knows how was my condition when I came to Drs. Shores very WEAK AND RUN DOWN ln every way.
I have suffered. I got so bad I could not keep & Shores for treatment five weeks a«o. I have This was my condition when I came to Drs.
anything on my. stomach, not even water, doctored with other (*.octcrs for my deafness. Shores ONLY TWO WEEITS AGO. I can say
When I would' eat or drink I would VOMIT but their treatment did me no good whatever, that Drs. Shores have helped me more In the
it ud I became very weak and run down "Lean »ay Drs. .Shores helped me from the two weeks than ALL THE OTHER DOCTORS,
and "thought \^woulJ Tnev^r £> well ™galn, 1" start. After I had taken three treatment! MY STOMACH DOES NOT HURT ME ANT
I had tried so many doctors for my trouble from Drs. Shores I felt my lost hearing return- MORE AND I DIGEST MY FOOD. My kid-
and none of them did me any good. I read ing. and now, after six weeks of Drs. Shores neys and liver are much better, and my ner-
DRS. SHORES & SHORES' testimonials of treatment, I can hear my watch tick distinctly vous system is also much improved. I sleep
their wonderful CURES in the papers and I from the deaf ear, and it ls getting better all good now, and feel better and stronger In every
and eczema ,n my nos S and face ME PLEASURE TO RECOM-
under Drs. Shores & Shores 1 treatment JUST Is much ' better; my head, which was stopped MEND DRS. SHORES' TREATMENT to all
ONE. MONTH and the change in my condl- up, is now. clear, and I breathe good through sufferers, for they have done WONDERS for
helped 8 'me^^TmREE'day™'^ r h began™to l0 g°t ""I "teartlly recommend Drs. Shores & Shores ."Any one doubting this testimonial is at per-
better right from the etart and in two weeks to all ln need of competent help. feet liberty to call on me. and I will gladly
1 QUIT VOMITING up my food and the AW- "( s| P 1 l nTT11 , P ™,vftw T Rn7iw ** °-£J& e Bajne -
FUL PAIN in the stomach left me. I CAN "WILLIAM EVERMONT BRYAN "(Signed) MRS. MAY E. WILSON.
EAT GOOD now and my food does not distress "5-16 Pacific avenue, Alameda. Cal. "2H Turk street. San Francisco, Cal.**
W^IG'HT'^Fgu^^EE^^nri^Vit with little cost by Drs. Shores' famous treat- : ;Do you get dW "
Dra. Shores have done WONDERS FOR ME. ment. '«^,,-i,r' " «H^ Ve y0 « C . Old . feet t.
I feel bettep. and stronger in every way and "Have you a e°ughr Do you feel miserable!"
I take great pleasure ln adding my testimonial "Do you take cold easily? Do you get tired easy?"
to the WONDERFUL BENEFITS received /"Have ypu^ain inthe-slder .;..-• ; Do you have hot flushes?"
from -Drs. Shores' treatment. • I live at 333 'Do you raise frothy m at erial sf 'Are your -spirits low at times T'
O'Farrell street. San Francisco, and any one ]Do you spit up little cheesy lumps V "Do you have rumbling in the bowels V
doubting this statement, is at perfect* liberty JP°J™ £ el 'SwEL 81 ?^™ 8 ™^fnJL_fn« f e *v the ,. seven slm P le 8l * ns indicating
to call on -me and I will gladly verify the Don't risk neglecting these warnings-stop disease of the liver. If you have any or all
truthfulness of the same. the disease before it reaches the lun,js. y - of them, seek Dr*. Shores now and be cured.
'(Signed) ' MRS. J.R. SUMNER, . — — - . _
"333 O'Farrell etreet, San Francisco, Cal." Ot the Ears. J . Cf the Stomach.
> j ; ; Catarrh extends from the throat along the ' Caterrh of the Stomach ts usually cans** *»
_,„ ,__ •¦¦ILw'^'m.T * ¦'¦ r^.. eustachian tubes Into the ears, causing partial swallowing mucus which drops down from ?£.
• DANGER SIGNALS. « complete deafness. Quickly cured .with lit- head and throat, at nigh° QulckT? cureVa!
U !? ¦ ' - — - tie cost by Drs. Shores' famous treatment. Uttle cost by Drs. Shores' famous treatment
Aches 'and Pains Are the Danger Signals ••rjo^your ears" discharge' r.' - • . "Do you* befch^u'p gas?"
That You Are Sick and Need "is the wax. drying in your ears?" "Are you constipated?" * x
¦ Treatment. ' ' "Do you hear better some days than others?' "Is your tongue coated?"
Read the following symptoms over carefully, VIi. your nearln * worse when yov have a !'.P° you bloat n P *" er eating?"
mark those you feel in your case, and send or cold? -. . Is there constant bad taste ln the mouthr*
bring them to Drs. Shores and they will tell Don't neglect this until your hearing ls ir- Now- is the time to be permanently cured.
you whether you can be cured FREE OK reparably destroyed. . "•
CHARGE. ' .- :¦¦¦¦¦¦•¦ I Kidney Disease Symptoms of Diseases o? the Nerves.
f < Th«i Headend Throat?'!^^ Results in two ways, by taking cold and by b 7r^iJSnl°^ ty t>fi M^ 0UO x>£! 9 * ase9 are «»«e<l
.;...¦;. The Head -«na 1 nroat. • overworking the kidneys In separating from th.^i^S \1 ?J? £? k I^ )l3On circulating in
This form of catarrh Is most common-result- the blood the catarrhal poisons which affect «^ h bl i^ T , h ?, rasse3 J h * bral ™ ua nerves, and
ing from neglected jjolds-quickl/- cured with all organs. Quickly cured with Uttl.j cost by su f^ %?»** =»*• ,"**« * oU ° w :
little cost by Drs. Shores-famous treatment. Drs. shores' famous treatment. -'I?™ £?nf^*TiV
.-Is your nose stopped ,up?"_ ' ;. "Do your hands and feet swell?" i~ vou^fiv di^»
."Does your nose discharge?" . .- / .. l8 tt noticed more at night T' £? IZ^ v "i V u. *% ? \ •
"Is your nose sore and tender?" ; "Is there pain In the small of the backr* D ° y °", ha v « J* eadac b f J
r'VIs there pain in front or head?" '. .. Has the a bad odor?" &?JKE h«^« , eXCit K,H
. "Do you hawk to clear the throat?" . . ,. Is there f uff £ e9s under the eyes?"- ¦ 1 Sl y0 " ha ? ds ? tr^ n \ b . Ie? ,
"Is your throat dry In the morning?" . <Do you h v ave t0 get up often at nUrhtr* . :Do « y° up h f« rt , nutter?
"Do you sleep with your mouth open?"; "isthere a deposit in urine if left standingr* T ° u « a f»^ irritated? . C
You can bo easily cured now-don't let it run 'Don't neglect these signs and rtsK Brtght's re / ou . a i ways a ? xl ° u *i
Into complicate _^ ' ; >- i Disease killing you. Cure It now. Is your tenJpe^irriTaWe*
' The Bronchial Tubes.' V - Liver Disease. Suffer from sleeplessness?
When catarrh : of the head or throat lane- The liver is affected by Catarrhal poisons -!• "~
glected or wrongfully treated, it extends down extendirg from the stomach into the. ducts of .. B^you suffw from nln^fiJ ? Oar V
fne windpipe Into the bronchial tubes, and af- the: liver.: Quickly cured" with lltU« cost by 5? *?H have
ter a whlle^attacks the lungs. Quickly cured Drs. Shores' famous treatment. • v ' Do you nave horrible dreams?
T~-. ¦¦;. WE TREAT AND CURE ; ' HOME TREATMENT.
Catarrh and Stomach Troubles. Nervous Diseases,' Kidney Diseases, Bladder ¦ Trouble, Heart No one deprived of the benefits «f ru-
Diseases, Diseases of the Stomach and Bowels, Piles, Fistula and Rectal Diseases. Female shores' treatment becaus*. orlivine »t » '
Complaints, Diseases of Women and . Children. Rickets. Spinal Troubles, Skin Diseases, Deaf- tance from the office. The sam/ t\f*
ness. Asthma. Bronchial and Lung Troubles. Consumption in the First Stages, Rh€umatism. and uniform success attending^* treafm^n*
Hay Fever. Neuralgia. Hysteria, Eye and Ear Diseases. Goitre or Big Neck, U Grippe. Lost O f Drs. Shores in their offlceis toSndtS^S- !
Manhood. Etc.; r Blood Diseases. Private Diseases, Scrofula and all forms of Nervous and HOME TREATMENT OP PATTtvts »»
Chronic Diseases j (that are curable). CONSULTATION FREE. CALL OR WRIT15. j , mahT l By the use of » symftOm SI *£?
'- . ; v 'I . : , ;< ; V— —^T7~":.. ...- .'- ' ¦",¦ -¦ are »W» to diagnose cases and prescribe for
W^. T^ W ¦'¦¦¦ t -'^>' U ; /\ f\' 17 rV" ;( # r ' 'O U^"Vrfc l!!T«f> them and by their reports keep a close Watch
DRSv SHORES & SHOREiS. »>™ SliSSi
';'.•. SPECIALISTS, . BLANK and have your case diagnosed uwm
! HISTORY BUILDINGi-723 MARKEr ST. ?^sri^3. wg3Zs2&?£?2SgS?*
Office Hours— Week daye, 9 a. m. to 4 p. m. Evenings, 6 to 8 p. m. ; Sundays, 10 a. m. to '.Z noon. . CONSULTATION FREE TO AT.T t -
If yon baren't a rarular, healthy morement of tht
bowels eTery day, you're JU or will be. Keep your
bowels open, and bo well. Force, in the shape of rio-
lent Dtivsic or pill poison, is daneerous. The smooth-
est, easiest, most perfect way 01 keeping the bowels
BEST FOR THE
BOWELS
and c'
leanA Money-Saying Proposition.
'. To-morrow the Factory Sale _ , of ¦ Shoes
will sell "$2.50 men's and ladies', shoes If or
$1 a pair. . There will.be on the r table 1000
pairs of each. This Is a, special offer.
Cpnsidering the times and ¦ knowing $1' Is
quite , ; a lot ' of money tthese days " it^.will
be a' saving to you.- The men's shoes are
in congress and lace, black ' and tan. ' , Not
one ' pair worth less than . $2.50. . All 'sizes
from 6 to 11: Yet $1 will buy a pair, f The
ladies' ¦ are vlci kid. in lace, and button:
sizes'2 to 8. air widths. Worthi $2.50.,yet
only $1 a ¦". pair • to-morrow. Sale will ¦ be
gin at 9- a. m. . Portland Shoe Factory
Sale/ 717 Market street," near Third. •
At the annual session of the Interna
tional Mining Congress, which has just
closed at Boise, Idaho, a long forward
step was taken by the adoption of a rec
ommendation for the formation of
branches of the congress in all the States
for the purpose of promoting the estab
lishment of a bureau of mining by the
National Government. .The matter has
been presented to the people of the mining
States on the Pacific Coast, where the
necessity for the bureau is evident. The
hard work, will be to interest the non
mining States, but these are much less
numerous than they were a few years
ago, the exploitation of mineral resources
In nearly all parts of the country having
been rapid and extensive. '.The miners of,
the Pacific Coast, who have long worked
for recognition of their, industry at Wash
ington, will be pleased with anything that
can bring the day of the establishment
of the mining department nearer.
The Assessors and mine-owners have
been busy all over the State recently dis
cussing the valuation, of, mining proper
ties for. the purposes of taxation. The
Mining and Scientific Press takes the
ground that as a mine is not a reproduc
ive property and its yield of metal is not
reproductive in' the same sense/ that "a
yield of agricultural or pastoral products
is, and as taxation of mines can. absorb
the land, mine taxation should deal with
mine production rather than with mines,'
mining lands or mining tools. The Mining
Press furnishes some carefully compiled
facts concerning, the- taxation " of : mines
abroad and says: . ,. _
Great Britain, to recover the cost of the .war
with the Transvaal, has announced an intention
of assessing a royalty on the gold production of
Mining. Properties Active.
The Maricosan reports r that Charles C.
tax which was the equivalent of ¦' a royalty
on the gross - value of - the . metal ' production.
Jt has been ; repealed. - ¦ Montana imposes : a 3
per cent tax on the net annual, profits of mln
•ng, on the net value ' production instead of the
gross.' ) Most' of the States and/ Territories : at
tempt to. tax. mines on- their;' property value
uniform In - its Incidence with the taxation of
other • property. , Practically > it is only an at-.'
tempt. ¦' In v Colorado :> the .'attempt '. has r been
made > to tax mines on the basis of an assess- ,
ment revalue : determined :; by .the selling* value
of the stock. : Very generally In .other. States
the^ mines ' that" are- not producing are taxed
on far higher relative assessments of valuation.
fhan the producing -and profit-earning 1 mines
of the sa~me : district.', The writer has " In ' mind
an - instance | where a mine, . paying its owners
$200,000 net out of a gross production of $260,000
in one year,-, was • that , year , taxed , $160 ¦ on a
valuation of • $10,000. , > A ¦; mine alongside ." of .' it
that did /not -produce a dollar- of value, ana"
in | fact ,' never did, > having j a finer % plant " of
machinery was taxed $240 on an assessment of
$15,000. , The facts were known at. the time," yet
there was no protest at what would reasonably
seem an absurd inequality in comparative val
uation for taxation. -;."Y •
The 'Mother Lode; Banner says:
¦ A New YorkTcompany has taken a bond on
the Von Tromp. j near Columbia. The .Wlllietta
mine; near Jacksonville, is closed down and 1 the ¦
time .-of ¦ resumption" Is.- uncertain. The Gray
Eagle -mine Is (about to . resume. - Hal. J. . Sisty
has ., made - arrangements,"- backed ; by ; Colorado
capital, ' to * take ¦ : charge of the old * Soulsby
mine , at Soulsby ville > on i- August . 1. -. The Tu
olumne i Water r.j Company : is .- considering; the
question - of supply Ing " power . to < the ¦ Bonanza '
mine for the running of pumps and compressor.'
The use of the > • electric fluid ; will ; • make the
operating • expenses of the mine much lighter.
Kdward Doyle and,W.;C." Oaks have sold their
interest in the Darrow: mine, near; Rawhide," to
the :-. Hampton f brothers. ' -who : have ; already, be
gun active • operations on the ¦• property. ¦ .. v
the Rand mines; and has indicated 10 per cent
of the value of the gross yield as the probable
amount of the royalty. The Canadian Govern
ment has for three years collected 10 per. cent
royalty on the placer gold I production . of
the Yukon Territory comprehending the Klon
dike, and this year has reduced the amount and
Is collecting 5 per 1 cent. The Russian Cabinet
exacts 20 per cent royalty of the gross gold
yield of its placers. The Korean Government,
with different concessions," has. made different
royalty rates on the gross gold yield ¦ up . to 20
per cent. One concession made ; the royalty on
all metals and coal 20 per cent. The Nether
lands Government exacts high, royalties and
other taxes on mine production in the Dutch
East Indies. The Government of British Co
lumbia has several grades of royalty on gross
metal production and a large number of indi
rect fees and charges that are paid for the priv
ilege of mine operation, regardless of whether
tha mine is producing metal or Is not producing
it/-- .-,..-. ¦ • - ¦¦¦ "- ' - :-¦..-•, ¦ ¦. -
Taxes in the States.
Concerning the taxation of, mines In the
United States the same paper says: .-,: ¦-•••'.
In the United ' States, Nevada had'. a bullion
Mineral Wealth reports * an unprecedent
ed demand for mine labor in- Northern
California. - The crews that have been 1 put
upon -the ¦ different ? new ', prospects .of j the
copper-belt, the increased force in the De
la > Mar mines * and the work on the ; new
electrical and power, enterprises ' have left
vacancies. :'-, The renewal', .of activity. In
Trinity, County has also created a demand
for , miners t and laborers. -.There ; will * be
1000 men at work on the Sweepstakes mine
for some time. On the Shasta Power Com
pany's ; ditch* a large force will, be; em
ployed. •'.. ••;•"¦¦': . v '•¦-.- 'i.v-Vv. •'"-"
.- ; The Treka Journal says that E. D.
Berry i of ; the Cherry Creek quartz. mine
has organized a company in New York
The; Scott' Valley. Advance says, that C
D.Porter and associates havebonded
four: claims of the '¦ Pioneer Mining ', Com
pany, adjoining, the Bully Hill mine, for
about $60,000. : Porter is now a. resident of
Seattle and has operated In several States
and Territories. ;• • - ; -,-. ' . - .'."
Burrill, Fannie D.Burrill and three oth
ers have bonded the Whiterock King cop
per mine and also 380 acres of additional
land for the development of copper.
'According to the Needles Eye. ; a fifth
vein of hard bituminous, coal has been un
covered at the Mammoth, mines, near
Randsburg/ and ' the company is trying to
selF the output to the Navy Department,
to be, shipped via San Diego, v •• -
CAPITAL IS GOING INTO CALIFORNIA MINES
has resumed operations and work is vig
orously pushed on the old Burnham mine.
The South Sliger mine near Spanish Pry
Diggings has started up again. '
Best < Routes to the .Yosemite Valley
Are via the ; Southern * Pacific/; I- V
e \ Choice 1 : of. ; three r old-established . stage
routes." .with ..largest" and-; best equipment.
Big \ tree* groves c en "route, i* Rates low as
any, with- or j.without. hotel; or, camp*ac
commodations en route and In. valley. Full
information*-*; and ' literature- 613 Market
6treet;and;Mechanics'-.'Pa.vilion." /_ : •-.•
Picked TJp Disabled on Bering Sea
TRANSPORT SEWARD i
TOWED INTO PORT
Owing to a Break in Her
Machinery.
- .- PORT .: - TOWNSEND, July . . 27— Th»
United States transport .Warren arrived at
quarantine this morning at 1 o'clock, hav
ing ¦ in tow the '-United ' States transport
Seward, the machinery of which gave out
after arriving' at St. Michael, discharging
cargo and starting for Nome.' .While In a
disabled condition she was picked up in
Bering Sea and towed to Nome, where It
was ascertained that her • furnaces ¦ and
boilers had practically given out. Just be
fore sailing on the Alaskan trip the Sew
ard's machinery ¦ had ., been .repaired at
Seattle at considerable expense. On. board
the : Seward ; was . Mr3. .¦ Randall, wife ¦ of
Genera! Randall, in command oC the mili
tary district of the north. ¦ Mrs. Randall
is now on 'her way East.^ggMSMSMqHM
- On board the Warren were twelve, of the
most notorious criminals ever sent ¦ from
the north. .They 'were ¦ convicted : of -vari
ous crimes In Nome. • and \ their sentences
range from -ten 'to twenty -years; which
they»wiU serve on McNeiH's Island.
¦ Captain '> Barnes of the ."Warren 'reports
the steamship Buckingham- at St.. Michael
discharging coal, and says the report of
her having been damaged by ice wu ln
t ; ¦-".:.:.¦» - ¦ ¦ ¦
with- $1,000,000 capital to work the property
on the creek, and that an extensive tun
nel will soon be begun. Quartz Valley is
about the liveliest mining section in Sis
kiyou .County at -this time. The placer
claims are ; running -short of water.
The copper, output of the United States,
according to the figures supplied by the
Copper ' Producers' Association, dimin
ished in the first six months of the pres
ent''year slightly, as compared -with 'the
corresponding period :in/15XX>. Several
mines increased their production, but oth
ers reduced their output. The total for
six -months of 1901. was 133,394 . tons. The
exports fell off 40,000 tons.
Purchasing and Bonding.
Philadelphia ¦ and ¦ Oakland parties, who
recently -bought the George fUpton mine
in - Amador -. County, % have_ also* ; purchased
the *Wheeler, mine, near Plymouth. This
property has a 20-stamp " mill upon it and
has good machinery. \ It Is about one and
a half miles east "from Plymouth:
¦¦•« The ' Tuolumne ' Democrat •' reports that
the Mary. Ellen mine has. been bonded to
business men in Los "Angeles by ' Joslah
Phillips. The Porto Flno . mine will pasa
into- the hands of : Eastern - people, • who
have lt.under bond. , A new shaft has been
sunk at the Jubilee mine, which was for
merly known as, the. Hazel Dell mine.' •
..There is a revival of mining in the Glen
coe district, ; as reported s by . the Calaveras
Chronicle, fc The ¦ Lewis mine," formerly the
Poorman, will be sunk deeper. " The After
thought mine near Railroad . Flat is being
developed-, under I a ;. working .bond -by the
Boire brothers. -The Jones mine has been
sold to i the : Fanny Marie ¦¦ Gold Mine and
Milling ¦ Company , by.' Zimmerman & < Zum->
wait, r- The new owners;are : sinking the
working. shaft. ; _ ; v : ";
The "Georgetown Gazette says, that the'
Alpine : mine,* j southwest ; of.; Georgetown,*
- ¦ •' " / ' _ ". v "' ;'¦¦' '"' '¦.-;''••¦¦* -1
* Outlook for a Rise.
The Bakersfield Californian is convinced
that the price of oil will soon . rise. It
says that a man offered to contract at
Bakersneld for 5000 barrels of oil per
month at the rate of 25 cents per barrel,
but he received no encouragement from
the well owners. . The same paper reports
that companies that have, owing to
straitened finances, been compelled to
market their oil that was stored up have
placed their contracts and a majority of
the remaining companies have no oil to
sell at the present prices.
The Western Oil Association has em
ployed a man to look over Its lands in
the Bitterwater district In San Benlto
County and to select a site for a well.
that account. The Mount Shasta Company has
recovered its lost 'bit. but will " be • forced to
deepen the v ell from which it draws Its water
eupply, an 1 if water in sufficient - quantities
is not then secured the hauling of. water from
eome distance, or awaiting the fall rains, will
confornt the management.
The sale of stock off the floor of the
Los Angeles Exchange by brokers has be
come a matter of such common occur
rence that there is much talk about it In
the City of the Angels. There were two
days recently on which not a share of
stock was sold on the floor of the ex
change. All the transactions that took
place were carried on outside. According
to the Los Angeles Herald, the prices in
the private sales have been far wide of
the mark set by the quotations in the
exchange, and as a consequence the pub
lished figures have given little idea of the
actual values of stocks In trading. The
outside sales are in violation of the rules
that are supposed to control the brokers
of the board. ,
Oil is reported to have been found at
Hiawatha, near Victor. The drill, as the
reports run, went down 700 feet to oil.
The quantity discovered was small.
A furnace has been established at Los
Angeles which is fed with petroleum gas.
A temperature of 4000 degrees Fahrenheit
was reached inside of the furnace in six
minutes on a test. Similar plants have
been used in the manufacture of large
puns for the Government In the East.
The Los Angeles experiment was the flrst
in which the California distillate was em
ployed for fueL
The Vallejo News reports that work on
the Pander ranch is progressing and that
the drill has penetrated to the depth of
168 feet. The drilling is for the Solano
County Oil and Development Company.
Work in the McKittrick field Is reported
to be very slack. Several companies have
suspended work.
while the change was.- pending. In the Band
Flat district litila progress has been made. A
ehortag-e of water for boiler, use may force a
delay of several months, as neither the Mount
ehasta nor Keswick.Crude Company thinkj fa
vorably of incurring unnecessary expense on
The Sumrnerland Advance-Courier nays
that the best plants in the Summerland
field will be embraced in the combine that
is being formed and that the purpose of
the combination is to preserve prices at a
more satisfactory level. -
According to the Hollister Bee, the Hol
lister Petroleum Development Company
and the Calistoga* Oil and Development
Company are drilling, the last named op
crating near the Kamiltonian lands. -? - > ¦
An agreement of which some, mention
has been previously made in The Call is
in circulation in the Kern River district,
and the Bakersfield Californian reports
that some signatures have, been received.
The substantial part of 'the plan is to
consolidate all the oil companies of Kern
County into a corporation, with a capital
stock ef $75,000,000. The most interesting
part of the agreement is contained in one
paragraph, which is as follows:
Each present owner shall be solicited to ex
ecute an agreement of sale or "option " or
eraLnt deed, which, in the can of incorporation,
ehall be accompanied with the statutory con
sent of the stockholders, granting unto the
r.ew corporation for the period of seven moaths
from the date the privilege of purchasing all
property of eucd owners, and In the event it is j
desirable to purchase the stock of any cor- i
poration the price to be paid for said stock I
shall be arrived at by appraisement in the
tame manner as if the whole property were
purchased.
Another paragraph provides that the
cost of producing oil in the Kern River
district shall be estimated "at 25 cents per
barrel by all the subscribers to the agree
ment.
Oral argument on the "sc'ripper" mat
ter .will open before Secretary Hitchcock
in Washington September IS, the case
having been reopened.
Operations in North.
Mineral Wealth gives the following ac
count of the progress of drilling for oil
in Northern California:
The Shasta Consolidated has made a com
plete change of crew and was closed down
Plans for Combine.
The attempts of the oil men to solve .he
various problems that have been forced
vpon them- by reckless competition, high
freight rates and other causes contiaue.
Meanwhile the new methods that may
make the demand for the output sufficient
to solve certain difficulties are awaiting
final action. There is a general agxeenient
on all sides that only combination can put
the oil industry in the best position. The
work of development has very naturally
not been pushed as vigorously as was the
case a few months ago. for the owners
are waiting to see what it is advisable for
them to do. Oil fuel is so cheap even
"when the well owners receive a fair price
for it that there is no danger that there
¦will be any falling off in the demand, for
the ratio over coal In cost at a fair price
for oil remains fully three to one. The
probability is that there will be a very
different condition of affairs in the com
ing: year.
t-A. circular has been sent out announcing
the consolidation of the Eastern Star,
Diamond Star and the Central Star com-
P?, ni i s u nder the name of the Potomac
Oil Company.
, The Xapa Journal says that the Fear
less Oil Company will drill for oil at
aionticello.
Plans for Combining the
Owners of Wells
Await Action. .
Aubury's Figures Indicate
Annual Growth, of-
Industry.
MANY PROBLEMS
IN OIL FIELDS
17
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALLv SUNDAY^ JULY 28, 1991;
THE- EMFOBITJM.
THE EMPOBrOTVL
$ t3& Lace SO School Books. ' V^iE ff BIlfJlifftfMli^HIl IHkiB The Australian Giocks. %
i Monday Only. School Supplies. • JH ||H^ V|%I| nl Bird-Show. Nickel Ah™ cicd- *
it* J$Qb Monday, only we large special department on main floor, §sl fiSBpi'^^ - ShtKS4^9 9«7 Km Jeanette and her fami'y of cockatoos in their .Jfissci^J guaranteed- e^ch * ¦ "5
»? S&^QX ' f • 1 .^/rooo ev =O"' h!n g needed by Primary, Grammar and j^ffi f^ rfajffcfl jfHjmirfcH^iiBBj* igfc^,^—-^. j3t» — Hi wonderful' perform'nee half hourly from IO <^^^^^P?i 7QO •"*
k * a^A^^V yards of Wash- Hi § h School scholars at Department Store E%'«Ib& mM^A&mSLmAMm A. M. to 5 P. M. daily. Attraction Hal!» . CIcck Like Picture— '?
£ 'OTaSSr^w ab-c cotton Tor- prices. J CALIFORNIA'S LARGEST—AMERICA'S GRANDEST STORE second floor, admission free. " . mr^Hm, ?t kt ' gat> !i hou "i S
1 ||™ ;; SS Saved 'Our Customers Over $1,OOO f OQO a QO. '^« Ei i|g^%: I
h- ' n^ -ap-t \ Sfc^fl - 14 : nches wide, - - .' ¦ ¦ - ' "... J?^^0M- '•¦¦' t * thedral 8 on f» eboIJ - {| .
at -^^_\~^® with insertion to We believe 'this- to be a very conservative estimate of the savings made on the purchases of merchandise by' jjfj ooi^ a jf St t Jj" 5
I ]2Milm^ S« h ho^to\ t "he patrons of The Emporium, during the.past five year?. , V*$ : \ &3]&££i |
tp ' i5cpcr Rf* , Har'ow N. Higinbotham, in the first of a sesies of articles, which appears in the Philadelphia ,'fSaturday Evening Post" of July 27, entitled ."Tales mmj' ~CM ' ' ' '»' ft
tf yard, to-morrow your cboke at. 1 .. . C?Or : of the Department Store," says: :*«Few modern irarve's surpass -in interest the great department store. :; *'-* : * .* : It stands for centralization, lor com- WWrSp§ter riSkntlOlSm jt
%'[. ... '."¦¦•. ¦¦-"—; : : " • prehensiveness and completeness,' for. qirckness, accuracy^^ and system and for minimizing • thi: cost' of -liyingJ "I-' > We have just opened t Urge ajwrtment of j^-
% N3W Fall StiyleS ' , . ,Mr..Hginbotham's -'article mikes very plain ..the.: reas-ns^ why the modern department srore can you better and at less cost than anv of itsprede- I^^^^. 1^^ 1^^' 3
,«Tf *»«* ~iT* #»*#«& lessors in retail merchandizing. It shows e'early and beyond dispute how such a .store is of^ untold benefit to the^-pcople residing ;^w* thin its. sphere, of influence. figured and scroU effects, on ground's of Eght \
fc » MoB&*&$9 VtGOSSSm Read this article in the Philadelphia Saturday Evening Post, and you wil comprehend how it has been possible for the b : g store, to make the savings stated above for bine, nary, pink, red, green, purple and • Jf
J We have received several'* h/ P m-.nt8 of new its'patrons. ' w " ,/.' ' ' •'' • "^' , . > ¦ , '"¦['/ \' black, whabJc for wrappos, waists cr sacqgej, X
Jf ores fabrics for rary Fall wear. The silk and ¦ '¦ : = ' ' ' . f ¦ ' — ; — — : ; — — : — — *** y f d :..... fS}i g
f ;«,'S,rar5»u»^^» 5 h S,ut **K #« gtSjOQ FarifV Siik* 73t*. Pocket Knives. £
I S^; i p. w «. ! un ? ,. i . t^woo,, P] , h ,. Another of Our Unmafahahle Silk Sales on Mont/ay- - ¦^555*'.'?!^!!L'**.. 1 !.SoS I
»«. fancy and Persian stripes, 10 new and very _, . . . ¦ . . . ¦ , • , r -'' ' n • . j j t -¦'¦' j 1 • • e i Other Jty!es in two. three and four blades «
tf handsome co-onngi, per 'y**—-- This fi^e special lot consists of about i yards of rich, f mcy silks,- printed, warp and JacquardLouisme, fancy ....;....... ..Z^25ot°ls5.od 5
i ' j^SkiiFw^fl^t'^n^nBES- striped Taffeta, Merveilleux, checked Taffeta and fancvDichesse and embroidered silk flannel. The colorings ; ""'"]"'"'"}!' " J
?> 4u-Ir.cn AH Wool Cheviot, shrunk and spongid, _ - . r- » . >• . .... . , , r • j .-.¦-.-¦¦.¦... rri . -r-, Fi za**r* £%t e»44e*<cs ££ 1 f+ ¦¦ »
S> in au the rape and ne^ F.ii ww are rich and wel. assorted- In the lots are silks suitable for waists,, underskirts, linings, rufTl ngs, etc. These nannae*wes o+c. «. g
I M0m&M$M&$ ¦. silks were made to retaij at $1.2;, gr^o, $, 7^and per yard. Mhe : big store offers them at'-.jjSjj, -?ZFJL1FJ*%£32i $
*» and we:ght, shrunk and sponged, ~~ Special SSle Monday OPily i ... i. . i ...... •"'. ....... ... ................. -. . ; for waists, dressing sacquts or house gowns; «^
V Ai'J line of color , yard. .......... mSC . '. : — — '¦' ¦ ! — — — — '——- '' "" r*? :1 — — ¦ — ¦ the regular xec per yard quality will be of- }g
»" 46-Inch Satin Prunella, a very cressy fabric — ..,-:¦¦ . *lf Jf M- tPHk m j* • ' 0^MM - ¦ feed at ipedal sale to-morrow JJ 1 *%
I beautiful finish in 10 ne. ' _ J| |>g U' TS3S SQS ©^ gji Q g BOffiH* V O"BPm (Monday) ony, »t O 4 G JJ
S n <r.. M »#..;«.» ' ZOO Webster's Unabridged— WS^sggik^Mi!^^^^ S
&: urutg sundries. The dictionary th t has for many years bem th; <t^«SS§MMS^^r^ ' uS^S^S^ celcbratcd Harvard [Dictionary Household Dent a '5
H #3ma -Thc latest inven-r^. authority on the English language, complete with pS|ii§j|l§Pp*i^ - Stand, 'as in picture; oak sides, nickel cen- • £ jt
* lick a^comWnSon of an extra supplement of mors than' 5000 words, -\^!Pf^^ •"'•¦"" ¦ t ter rods/ finished in cither bright gold bronze l^^^^^^^-i tale MondayVnly, '
K wateV 2 bo'tt-T, " fowitam )r^Y^\ a new pronouncing Gazetteer of the world, with 'f p^^l fW t % . .or. bright Japan, as desired; neat 5
K s } tinge, air cushion, flot #^1 \ names of 25,000 places; a new biographical ' fc'^I E f RC& S\ our price only *pf&wdm%J RJl-fSil Rnlwf Icc Chej^> ; " c %
X warmer, anl, baby, food |f A v . \ dictionary, containing nearly 1 0,000 names of : =^d ; : -/-JB jfjl Ml ¦ - ,," : " I 1 \Jl I jj Swi^terSe'd 5
k CTi - comct m four l| W-] noted persons ofancient and modern times, illus- . tt \ ' } ' . WPU •• ,-. _ Special Jllty Offer. ¦ W W f / ' ' I S^Stodfood . 3«
5 a 8-inch $1115 \h, 7 trated .with colored plates and 3000 text illus- *'¦ ¦ ' ¦ . . I ,' j^\' ' --CH 1' yA trays, ice capacity jj '
»: io-mch.'.Y.'.Y:.\'$t.40 \ // trations; bound in full law sheep, with patent < j -V^% . :: For the. ba'ance of this month we make this S^^Jzl J& 100 lbs, regularly .«.
% "- : -nch ...$165 A thumb index. In fact, the genuine Web- ==^g 3 ""# / / ' AW " ' .wonderful offer:- : -^^^" f^ to-rrioxtow g
I '^aLoWpr-ces^r;^ the lama complete fter'S Un £ brtdff S rf $W.OO ==^ fc^&^P <^lg r^^ . $8.67. S
J. with the exception of fountain syringe attach- Dictionary, while &&£%*&& WT^ JLr- V' until August I, (H^ &f* 4. qua pt Ice . Cream /•* %
£ ment, which is 40c extra. supply lasts, for.. %pP^U0HdSm fh& [ " •¦..:. >. : :', '¦ ',"¦¦¦ ! J 9 O1 > DotA for. ....... *P * ' R%J%J . Freezers The kind [\ X
Jf Nurs'ng Bottles— 8-ounce graduatei.....^o * v . . - , - ' . : -- v - s ' c -- '- that make ice-cream ia "X
J. NippIe^Purc gum, black or whi'e . ¦, '-.-¦-.>••; -^ — ¦. -^ - . five minntes, reduced f "^fe^f J
| R edc;;;.<it;on:j.ijVof/ 0 4^ Special GroGkery, Glass Furniture, Carpets and - %,"T'tt < &Jhjri 1
W^^^^^^MM^, and Lamp Sale. 7. Linoleums. s "° k . bi " sB ™*:.^ f^f %
J yard.."" Y.™. ..". .'.^TtBOc Ten very special and seasonable offerings that the big store 'makes for Monday For the last three^ days of July, we offer in the Furniture Department, a hundred '.^^^'/ r " -* *
J *{ Rubber Gloves — heavy weight, black, wh:te or only; it scarcely seems ppssibl: to manufacture the goods for the prices at ¦ good bargains at prices which prec'ude all competition. But a; few of these ¦ Nj c k e j.p| a t t d Trays 14" inches ia diaawter, '5
j*' *!"' per ? aIr •-• v- 85c which we shall sell them to-morrow. very . desirable articles for . furnishing and beautifying the home can be de^ prettily embossed, each... .....25o 'jt
j- Fountain Syrmgcw good quality, 5Qc pj(cher g 2 9c-Th-. 'fine new j $3.50 Rob vmian Lemonade scribed in this announcement because of lack of space. . A visit of inspection IW,, . .. fcf y**tj Wfaldo S i f Cruns - $¦
j. complete outfit: shapc s?m i-p3rcela'n mik p : tchers shown | Set $1»Q3— Fancy shape, as in picture, will amply repay intending home furnishers. • I: : v *&k 't?*&^L —-S_ ding ex-
Jf Regular 75c *i«:— Monday at kf- of picture below; they hod " fine r.-d or green Bahcmian _¦- ', ¦ r- \ r> * L • v i. r \ fio'den Oak Chifonier— With a laree~ierp-n- % 'W 1?W $K ~ 2^°* Z* *
g Regn'.r8 5 c«»_Mond,y^7» m. re than J "quart, have large mouth, «=, glass, with pretty" gold and B ! USSiU^^ Ca-ptti-Good, bright, cheerfulpat " C ° ri ™i2i-S^6«6 toeho <T£« ' ± faDy opened 18 Jf
* Water BctUes-good ouali:y, a-cuart 5 r C ; heavy goM edge and/ a^ed flow. A I (flfi^^ij^SlSRj^S" S^^/?^^^^^^?K %» S
h 3^««.... ...6OC decoration^ a v.ry good S o: value; six gasscs and siiverir^ tray, Wtcn Velvet' Carpets- An excellent quaLty worth J.O.OO, special. 3>1*.S0 ¦ Jk $|§g, K^l, ***J Jt
K Monday rn'y /^ "^fcv this rich * 3.50 set on spJal good, heavy, durable . push Carp.ts, worth Go , den Qak Book Case- 3 iinche. wide by | ,1- I «**¦ » $J$\\ each, . Mondty _ g
It M *><a4h**mm IT* 0^ ******< «ch 2°G f^^ ~^=^\ ¦«« Monday only, .'- . 5i.»s .yard, pow. ........ :*»*' c 61 inches high, with a g'asi door and a^jut- -j 11, r X
A i.eatner GOOUSm • *~ G - r i . \^s£ - - Ingrain Carpets— Reversible, one. yard wide, , , *». f ¦ * ., sff J -- Brooms— A good, strong sidewalk Broom, ••
H CSS ChatfJainr R»0t— Ocn />=>¦_ >^^ J > py^^^^^P 1 * ¦ - <. : nobbv and erfccUve, specnl this vreelx.^3OG -. reguarly aoc, on special sale Monday ony jj
5^ uie horn blck ll&k&J*\ B @$T *S^ &1 S3 Linen Warp Mattings- Handsome patterns and Standing Hat Rack— Of go'den oak, with a ..........;. .......... .V.... 14X3 X
fc' /W atoj . wc]1 mad ." — C /,7 y>^%3'iy r ) dJ ==:::^fn .*** mm ***f colonngs, worth 30c per yard, special. 2OC French plate mirror ' and four hooks, wo-th 45c Enameled Dust Pans — on Monday .. 1Qo "*
k : // \. serviceabr/fram- "and (1 \^l\\f7 (&^MW^ jS^SS^S /f Linoleums— Good extra quality Persian and special price ...$3.75 Small Nickel-platsd -^ —3. %
J // clasp, very handrms \k^Sf<:^^S^^^^^MSf £=& tilc eff;Cts » worth 6oc P" s^ uare >' ar^° W Child's Folding Bed-40 inches wide by 6 Polishing Irons- [CJZ^^J) X
2. J*^ ' *Sk and stylish. $t.5O \\ ATv^^^^^Vi^^ I Ht 0^! l*^J =±~& t****^* ¦ " r" "In '¦¦¦,VJ""r ••400 ; f eet high," made of h*rd wood, golden finish, with detachabls ' \M\ fl. ' jj
2° f/^^^^^X Chatefaine Bag— SmaJ ii^^Lj S?^*R- T5/^V \# J J^fl \r^^ y Y7M." W ""T5^7 Large Carpet Rugs— Mad: up of r rnnants, to double wcavc w^ mattress, worth ? 10. handle ani rest, A\VV Iff -j}
t leather covered frame \^^^£T^ 0 " 11 .* 11 ; 00 .^-;-"^.^ f . ; Towel Rollers -19 /^F*^^f?N •$
t nSs9S^SpaHl ? ?r . - >— -***-:£• !r' T . fcl ¦ ..""-I'.V 1 ! 1^ ""¦". . , : : v-. : , - nx8^ feet, worth _$ao:oo, (or $14.25 Willow High^ Chair— Ma 'e of-.the best quabry. , po i: / \T V\ ' "«
»* V^Li^LJ^' ChkieyaineBatf-^Sue^ $2.tO Chamber' Set $1.73- 4Oc Jelly Tumblers 23o— -.luiojffct, worth :? 25 .oo, for. $tS 75 of wkker, worth $3-50. *v*^.$2.25 . each J.-^*^^— <^3 '-"§
* VsarW^SSSy? leather leather lined Thc illurtration shows the very desirable Smooth top, fluted bottom, good glass j:lly 1_ _ — ; -^ — - — — : ...... — : — .. .; . . . r~ — ~. . * -— ¦ T_ n. jj m m CF • V
IT ***gS&2£il-i*' t «|-_ shapc and gives an idea of the tr tty blue or tumblers that will make excellent wat.r turn- 'm' "tJi -TFtSgm- fitaiMOe J3.^ti* IOO. S
$ Ladies' Shopping Bags-Fui-'^ViSf- /pjnk decorations, 6 P i S «s in the set and a bler^good value at 40c .per dozen, JLBCB ' GUrt^iUS V SpeCS*! Safe '5
? Py^S^ ¦oSnS^TSnStViSSS t^&pY'^fJjI? iBoSaTaWsh'aio-**^ 46G,98Cm$1.57 Mercerized Foulards. %
ft decorate your homes ; k is not on'y the fad 9i75ttiGkellam'J$1.39- China saal or berry dUh in the pretty sha;e ,„ „. rs Nottin e him lace curtairis" 1 yards F.lilRlrtJn, ¥/r-— 7 For Monday only «e offer our entire Itock' §
5 of the year but an amusing ' rasrime ; com- Exactly, like picture, comp etew.tn 60-candle shown at extreme rignt of picture. 9 inches *°f » J"" ' J^J^hjm ,.^ C J™' n ! . F"* 1 ''" nt ¦ I f^l f (1500 yaVds) of , a^ C Mercerized F«,!ards, 5
V peteoutfit ......$4.53 power, round, center-draught burner/10-mch across to? , regular value 7S c, on -, o l °o!lv^ reSly 60c W 1 W if g g %V g " made " /// /i7 of which the lne ofpttern. is not complete ««
g Colored Sheepskin-Forburn:n S ,, 6 shads.. "f? domc «had e *nd ; ch.mney, a.b.g S pe ial £ al 5 . Monday! ..'........ 5SC ISSSS^^ffC fp irf teen id - ' • // //L but the co'.or wprtment is almost perfect, ai . |
AT - A 75O Mondav^ • " ° F " &1.33 8 l AqD6sSBnt PlatCS 5^-English , 3 - p3irs NottingUm cumin's," white and ecru, b'ack and // ///\Sl the very special price, per yard .7%O S
5V ' 1 ¦ 75B Breakfast Sot's Sac— Fine *«™-porcel a in, with pretty green decoration* 40 tJ 50 inches wide, 3 to 3^ >-ards long, gllv _ Wack : and L__^ /A \\ - ' __ '~Z . _ - ' «
k fiarvfirs .^SS^S^S^SS^s^ r^MM fe«^pri^^^!^BoS !il^ black and - fer^^^ Men's and Boys' $
I ****ryer& a l^ o u a LU^ ' . a , $ h' oope rdozen ' on sa ' c Mon<iay 'ff e a nd |,.3 ?;F « p™, «> price.... .We ivorv , gray , , eb . . Bathina Suits. $
J. Genuine Stag Handled Carvers, stering .silver worth 7S c,compkte set Monday only39G , " ch^ ••••"• £v' •*»« 1 1 5 P>^ Nottingham Jace curtain, white and ony, ch^ry, blue .. -^^ x. " a t <.^ . S
5 1 f.rrule; set of three in nice satin lined ca^e - 72^C 7e?CB^S fiC-Fine scmi-por- 37C QsikO PlatOH 14O— Decorated ecru, 50 and- 54 inches wide, 3^ yards long, enamel ,nd . fcilt . molding, with I No cheap, poor.y made suits that wSl wear out -
«f ' . ¦..:.......... $3,50 ceIa n • decorated teacuos 5 and wucers, light . Cnina in several pretty styles and decorations . 4 ™ w * wrent designs, rf gu arly $ s.oo and mats in t0 match thc nf 3U ldir g, regu- »« f* 0 or three wettings, but . a fuU line of
¦ Other styles, per srt, $2.25. $3.0O. green deeorat : ons, reguarly 1 1. 5 o doz- .¦'¦' large siz=, a b : g va!ue at 30: each, - J2-»5 V™> » lc pn«.... .. . : f « „ larly 75c each, special saTe Monday onlv.. .. desirable bathing su:tsyn awncty of coto g
jf $4.0O, $4 50 to $7.50 en, to-day o»;»3m#SaKCer «JC on special sale Monday only...... #4PC •• ....,,^;... -V •••;••••• .»I.5O to &Q.UU %
I New Music isc. Here foe* Pur® Foods, Wines and Liquors. Notions. f
ff Th ~« hrf J,5 I Department Store Prices for the Necessaries of Lite. W^^^M^&i
$ elch^on weSls^e'St week" 1 ISC The Wg section ofthc main floor » ncir Ac Jrss : e-strcet entrance,, that' is devoid to the sile of ev 5 ry conceivable propnetary. and staple v preparation of food; to Dress Shields^-Light weight, noruobVr io©
jf * "Close Your Dreamy Eyes." dairy products _ of all kinds; to the sa'e of Delicatessen and cvery-in-drmand brand of Wines, Spirituous and Mak" -Liquors, is a very popu'ar corner, infeed of waists ....;...... .......25o 5
S "Mumnp^CMmt T^ins." * the big store with thousands of San Francisco's thrifty hoj32k;=p;rs, who liks to git'ths^^ b^stthVmirket allords lor ,th:, least mjiey. Rial this convincing Featherbone— CoTerel, all co'on; yard..*/*© J.
$ •The ( Cati ? p e^ade." ;. . list of Emporium prices for "money-back' V groceries and liqiors. . Telephone Private Exchange 601— and ask' for Grocery Department. ,.;" ni " g Co.ton-AU colorT; '.'...£% 5
$ _ "~~ ~~ Sugar-Best dry granuat-d 19 lbs.. $f.OO Prunes-Choice Santa C art, 5 lbs .. 25s LomtJOC Honey -Cutely pure, bortfcf?© Ob ' tit 9agne-H«n**j Eclipse Extea . Cashmere Darnbg Wool-AU colon; » card,; J
K TT2*Ba!l6* k€§tiWt**& Geatine— NVson's import^, thc 2 tor 25c Sardines -Fancy imported, large lin. . ../OC Oy <ers-Chr.ce sheets, 2 tins ..... .25O * D . r y* ! be S=^-n<: o d xvine made b/ th; : .^ .•;-••• '¦•'-.'¦'' •"•.' « g ® «
tf IT C2MM& MXBMBWG&. p^kage. that make a q«Jt of delidoi jelly Baking Powder- Em, orinm brand, guara.terd Fa^rMacke^I^AU^fi^V^M^SO J! Z !h^Ro|£ S
5 Good Silver Plated, «rt of 6 ::..75V each; on special sale Monday 3 packages for its purity, Monday lib tins. . ;.V.3<7© Olives— Rps Ci.irbrnia O ives, regu'arlv a 5 c day ony: v ' '. ; \ Ll HnlH#p »J PomVV,ii«n' Pin'rn,W n n *
J Tri P .ePiated,s--tof-6 $t25 .'. . ;.,. !T. ............. .^ ... 25O S^'CSS-Pcpper, ginger, : alkplce, mustard, quart, Monday, .v. ! ......i....':....^ J© Pints.'^Sorcase a do..- ...... .59-75 Spool Holder and Combnation Pin CusJon «
* 1847 Roger Bros.', srt of 6...'..... $1.63 Ghirad:IH's Chocolatl— Eage trand, cake. . sage, marjoram and thyme, all. guaranteed to Sags or Pearl Tapioca— Monday 6 l:s. for Quarts QOOf case 1 doz. .../.. .$8 .75 -.': ,; W;""^'irV'ZJ'V."s^"y^."« " o« *
K * 7 S ' •• "^' ' --•- ' f ...23© be the purest invthe market, tins, *.:... ..\ ...:......,.. .^. ....25© U«b g*S Malt Extract-None better, regu ary J^p; '"Jli act f cllo^' ;;2S *
$ _. -, Royal Baking Powdtr-I lb. tins.... 4«O each.. ;................. ...f. ../O© Starch-Best laundry, Mordiy 6 lbs....25o Ja.a 5 d.«. ; specia iae Mondayon'y.$/.75 S"S|L V.«,, f»!lw^£./ 5? 2
*T Free Demonstration Royal Baking Powder^ lb tin'....-..25© Tomatoes— Standard P.ck; 3 tins..... j?4© Corn. Starch -Good quaitj, package ... 5© Nagee Bran y— Guaranteed 26 yean oU ; ™^,. h"vZ"^2;., P aii'^ o«r^ S
I on Vetox Pape/-/ ( c t!!7?^.^'.!!^.^"^^ )[^^^^^tt^ 't^^^n'te^.^ l^i^^lp^ S£SS^ri" I
*,* Monda// Tuesday and Wednesday, daily, Toas— : Extra choice picking's of fancy For- Ovine — Takes the p'.ace of eg :s in cooking or Crackers— Frisco Lunch or Champion^ round jalon. ..'.......'.: ......$4t5* z£j!!*u-£. r« n , 'i',;u lij M,_t j"<o5 v5"v
A^fifV— ¦"»«¦¦--. * - , «-v , .. »» ¦ i, .. . . ¦ . /¦ , . « . 1 ¦-...,.• #*»^» DMk.1/.'. n..i.. -\r _. -u_t -"j . * *\ « es riorn riair rin3— Amoer ana DiacK; cox. Ji/O «t»
• from 9a.rn.to.11 a. m. and 2 to 5 p. m., - mosa, Oolong, Young H j son, and E"gish baking, see free drmons rauon of cake bak- ....; ..¦.................:..... II0C our&t s r. ner— very cno.ee; goz...A4E<#0 -¦ ¦"¦¦ • ' -w*r
Jf an expert from .the factory will give a free Breakfast, all rich 'flavors, pound. .. .4JO ing in Grocery Departmsnt, an! try a sample Ghger Snaps— La Grande Seed Cakes or bon- Joh*nnh MLeral Water— Quar;s, p.r dor. ... /Mffifl's SOfSlffS ' ••
gf demonstration of the remarkable Ve.'ox Paper Fels-Naptha Soap — The kir.d that makes or the^ cake, I lb tins SOc, }i lb: tins '"bon3, pound ..>........... ....'..' .120 ........ ............ .'.$2.OO , •¦ m*SMM9 jg
Jk* in our Camera Department. Bring your favor- hous:work easy, 4 bars ............ 25© . 47©; t 'Ul'size,- equal to 20 eggs . '•. 1OC Port .cr ¦Sherry .Wine— Regularly 75c gajon,' K'.niucky Bel'e Eourbon Whiskey— FuU quart Men's Fancy Hosiery— Just received, several J*
S ite Negatives and get wme good Vclox PrintJ Salad Oil — Domestic, quart bottle. .. ,.2UO Sugar Peas — California sifted sugar peas, .new aver/ choice artLle, on special s»ie M nday bottle. ..;i ......". ......... .75c n:w lines of the latest designs, blick grounds, jj
5 ,ree of charg:. . Extracts- Lemon or vanila, botte. .; ../ff© crop, tin ......:'........., .tiO only, per gallon. ........:;. 1 ¦'. ...55C A B O BOO*— Quarts, per do'z:$2>3 J '.' f*ncy embroidered and figured ....... 25O Jt
X -v.->';^ ' .''-¦'.¦•¦-.¦•.¦";¦-.¦ '.¦¦• '¦' . ¦ .¦ •..-¦• : " " ' ¦¦¦-.¦;'" ,¦¦¦.-.'-.¦,-¦-¦¦ ¦¦¦:.' ' ¦¦'¦. ¦. ¦ ' ' " :-.;¦"..:. aan » a " ¦¦¦--"'¦ s '' •¦¦ -¦' ?¦- • ¦ , t '"—~ 3*
ADVERTISEMENTS.
to All Who Write.
Free trial packages of a most remark-
able remedy are being mailed to all who
will -write the State Medical Institute.
They cured "»o many men who had bat-
tled for years against the mental aad
physical suffering of lost manhood that
the Institute has decided to distribute free
trial packages to all who write. It is a
home treatment, and all men who suffer
from any form of sexual weakness result-
ing from youthful folly, premature loss
of strength and memory, weak back, varl-
cocele or emaciation of parts can now
cure themselves at home. - ' ¦
The remedy has a peculiarly grateful
effect of warmth and seems to act direct
to the desired location, giving strength
and development Just where it Is needed.
It cures all the Ills and troubles that come
from years of misuse of the natural func-
tions and has been an absolute success In
all cases. A request to the State Medical
Institute. 328 Elektron building:. Fort
Wayne, Ind., stating that you desire one
of their free trial packages, will be com-
plied with promptly. The Institute is de-
sirous of reaching that great class of men
•who are unable to leave home to be treat-
ed, and the free samples will enable them
to see how easy It Is to be cured of sex-
ual weakness when the proper remedies
are employed. The Institute makes no
restrictions. Any man who writes will be
sent a. free sample, carefully sealed ; in ¦ a
plain package, bo that Its recipient "need
have no f er r of embarrassment or pub-
licity. Readers are requested to write
¦without delay.
A Free Trial Package Seut by Mall
Quickly Restores Lost Vigor
to Hen.
A Most Hemarkable Remedy That
SENT FREE TO MEN!
THE EMPOBXTJM.
THE J EMPORITJM.
THE "- EMPORITJM.
THE : JEMTORTrJM.Tosemlte, introduced and maintains the mol
erate rates of ?2 per day,, f 12 per ' week ;'. less
than $40 for 'an eleven-day: trip: to. Tosemlts
via the Big Oak Flat route, 630 Market, or
Eanta Fe route, Ml Market at. ' . •
Camp Curry,
Tfce Santa Pe to Merced and stags thence
via Merced Falls. . Coultervllle. : Hazel 'Green
Merced Big Trees,; Cascade Falls . and Bridal
Veil Falls, arriving at Sentinel Hotel at s the
next afternoon. This is the most popular route
and the rates are the lowest. Ask at 641 Mar
ket st. for particulars and folder.
Best Way\ to the Yosemtte.
Everything pertainlnr to tho New World
rn«y be easily and cheaply teen at th« Pan-
American Exposition,: and the best way to
ret to Buffalo li by the comfortable trains
of the Nickel Plate Road, carrying Nickel
Plate Dining Cars. In, which are served Amer
ican Club meals from 85o . to $1 each. Book
free, showing pictures of exposition buildings.
Hotel accommodations reserved. JAY W.
ADAMS.- P. C. P. A.. <7 Crocker building.
San Francisco. Cal.
Are You "Of tho Old World"?
Baron Lambermont of Belgium," who
has been accepted as arbitrator by Great
Britain and France -In. regard to certain
questions In dispute in West Africa, was
president of tho Brussels conference in
1890. ,' . ,- .
Special Information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by the
PreES Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Mala 1042. •
Selling out. Best eyeglasses, specs, 10 to
*0c. Look out fcr 81 Fourth street, front
of, barber and grocery. ..' r •
Townsend's California glace fruits, 50c a
pound. In fire-etched boxes or Jap bas
kets. 639 Market, Palace Hotel building.*
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lb at Townsend's.*
Choice candles, Townsend's, Palace Hotel*
Auditor Wells yesterday began deliver
ing salary demands for November and
December, 1898, to the school teachers.
This action is the result of the dissolving
of the injunction proceedings to determine
the status of the $7000 advanced by
merchant creditors . to the teachers in
March. 1900. About 400 teachers were paid
previous to the filing of , injunction pro»
ceedlngs, and the rest will now receive
their money, which has been so frequent
ly tied up by litigation;
Teachers Will Be Paid.
As showing the increase in ocean facilities drawn. here to carry this increased commerce,
the steam tonnage inspected here for the' year exceeded every port in the United States except
New York, and the sail tonnage inspected was greater than at New York in the number of ves
sels and larger by 30,000 tons. \ : V .^i
Only neglect of opportunity and. failure of enterprise can lose us our lead. As for our am
bitious rivals, the prospective increase in the Pacific trade will furnish them opportunities com-,
mensurate with their facilities, position and enterprise, and they will be members of a great family
of cities here, of which San Francisco will be the patriarch.
¦"1 . . ¦. ¦'....¦ ¦¦¦ - \ ¦.¦¦.
Aside from our advantage of hhrbor and inland transport atioiv by ! ail and water, this city
is at the edge of a productive field that is unlimited, almost, in its capacity to produce-whit the
world wants, from the soil. This '.will be the world's greatest market for fruit products, of all;,
kinds that can grow under temperate zone and , semi-tropical conditions. It will be all: that
Palermo is in citrus fruits, Marseilles in oil and wine, Paris in glassed goods, Valencia in raisins
and Glasgow in pulps and jams. The volume of each commercial specialty in each of those centers
will be more than aggregated here. It is, too, a production, in which we have no rival in the
world, and that iiT^plies its permanent .primacy.. Other condition's' change, but. the soil and,sun
shine are stable elements in production that nothing can change. The profits of this vast produc-/
tion that is at our doors will flow into oilier channelsof enterprise, create other- industries, sup
plement the natural; with the artificial, and be a foundation which will! bear* a .superstructure tlieV
nobility of. which .will be limited only by the enterprise and good taste of our people. ,''
The young .man '.'. who |is now getting a foothold m" ..any produciive business in California is ¦
doing.wisely. He'is investing to get dividends out of the future of what; promises 'to be the
most prosperous, country in the world. 4 : V
¦,It is a sure thing that if decent Republicans . overthrow; the bosses^ in the primaries they
will make a clean sweep in the municipal election, but if they v do not there will be^no sweep at ¦ all.i
..It is announced {that the glass ; bottle makers have formed a trust, butithe good bldleaith- f
enware jug, remains we:believe within reach. of every citizen.
From the number; of entries for the Senatorial race in Illinois it would, seem the bars^ have -
THE Puget Sound cities are justly proud of their commercial progress, and are not to be
blamed for the ambition they cherish that the future metropolis of the coast may be upon '
those waters.
There is nothing in the commercial statistics of the port of San .Francisco, however,
to cause fear in our people that our scepter is about to change hands' and our primacy to be
taken from us.
The entries in the. San Francisco Custom-house last year were 23,174. Custom-house re- «i
ceipts were $7,484,241 86, an increase of nearly a million in one year and of two millions ovef^
the year- 1898. .; ,:¦/'. .^
The t&nnage entered last year exceeded that of the year before by nearly 400,000 tons.v*
and that cleared by 448,550, making the year's increase in inward and outward business by sea
848,000 tons. '¦', , . . '. !
PORT STATISTICS.
Theodore Roberts, who has not yet had
any opportunity for his peculiar talents
with the Frawley people here, was tho
success of the show as Canby. the ranch
man. In Thomas' new play, "Arizona,"
Mr. Roberts was also one of the big
features of the sensational Brady produc
tion of "Uncle Tom's Cabin" as Simon
Lepree And there's another bunch of
Calif ornlana. K R. Stockwell. In the
same thing, mado a wonderful hit as
Marks, the lawyer. Frank Hatch of Co
lusa is stage manager for all of Brady's
productions and Joe Grlsmer l a his staga
director. Then Phoebe Davles, Mr Grls
mer's wife, played the lead In "Way
r>own East" for a year, and since then
"Betsey Ross." at the Manhattan Thea
ter, that Mrs. • Flske has leased now
Then. there's^ Ethel Brandon. Ada Lewis
Valerie Brurulere. Blanche Bates. Ruth
White. John T. Malone. who played lead
ing part in Richard Mansfield's .produc
tion of "Henry V" this year and who la
another Santa Clara. College graduate
Georse Osbourne Jr. is another.' He is hi
"Mrs. Dane's Defense." which comes hero
next .week. The woods are full of them
and .they're all on Lroadway, • which la
the latest metropolitan newi
Edwin Stevens, one of the most versa
tile geniuses on the stage. Is now with
the Empire Theater stock company and
has lately -won much success as Baron
Stein in "Diplomacy," and has also writ
ten anlexqulsite little tragedy that was
performed at the annual gambol of tho
Lambs' Club.
As I said before Mr. Robinson does not
permit the fact that he Is a Calif ornlan
to be forgotten in the East, where ha
says it has a distinct value on the rlalto.
Calif ornlana are doing good work there*
and the connection is coxnbigr to be recog
nized. Louise Allen, one of tho Allen sis
ters, and Willie Collier's wife Is sharing
laurels with her clever husband in all of
his plays— "Man From Mexico," "On the
Quiet." "Mr. Smooth" and others— at
Madison Square Theater."
• •¦ •;•
traordinarily lengthy run in New York,
and has attracted considerable attention
by a clever performance of a reporter's
part In the play. The stage was always
the Mecca of the Robinson boy's ambi
tion, strongly against the parental desire,
by the way. From the time of his base
ment temple to -the dramatic muse until
his career at Santa Clara College, where
the unusual facilities for practical study
of the drama fostered his lively desire,
he steadily, studied for his chosen voca
tion. After leaving Santa Clara College
Mr. Robinson went to Stanford and there
took up the study of law and the drama.
There also he began to write, one of hla
farces, "The Conversion of Uncle," beins
given with success by the Junior class.
Afterward he went East with Nat Good
win to play with him in "Treadway of;
Yale." that somehow got shelved. In the
interim between the Goodwin affair and
"On the Quiet" Mr. Robinson wa3 occu
pied In writing sketches, among which
were "A Family Affair." "The Spiritual
ist," "The Eltrlr." "Dick Burton's Rival"
and "A Game of Con." He is now writ-
Ing a story for Harper's that he will call
"Splinters," dealing with the life of a
street acrobat in New York, and is also
re-engaged for next season with Willis
Collier. The actor is now on his vacation
and will remain for some few weeks
longer in California.
says George H. Junior's escort. "Kept mo
busy from morn till dewy eve, and from
dewy eve till daybreak- It's a dead cinch
gauging public taste compared with the
difficulty of finding out whether the in
fant stomach prefers ice cream or fruit
cake, and forgetting one's part is not In
it with mixing up the paregoric and sooth
ing syrup cues. Oh, I know a thing or
two now! But he's a . great boy. my
son."
- Among other things that Mr. Robinson
know?, always after his parental accom
plishments. Eastern critics say that he
knows how to act He has been during
the last season with Willie Collier's com
pany in "On the Quiet," Collier's latest
success, that has just completed an ex-
• • •
The Epworth League In its various mu-
We owe much to the little opera-hous©
that has been working bo faithfully and
modestly for twenty-two years, and there
Is Indeed no lack of appreciation for its
efforts. When it Is remembered that the
larger part of the musical population here
owe* what knowledge tt has of the
operatic classics to the Tivoll. not always
eo brilliantly given, it Is true, but always
respectably, the debt owing will be grate
fully acknowledged and perhaps more
than the usual good wishes of the season
go to the management at this tide in- its
affairs. For one, I say here's to the pres
ent season in all Us goings and comings,
and may it be the best in the worthy rec
ord for grand opera that the Tivoli. Is
earning tor Itself.
To-morrow evening, too. Mr. Paul Stcln
dorff. th* musical director of the Tivoll.
will make his first appearance here as a
conductor of grand opera, and from his
achievements in light opera so far there
Is everything to be hoped from his efforts.
Mr. Stelndorff is very hopeful of the work
of the orchestra and chorus. The chorus
has b«*n well rehearsed and the vocal
material is of unusually good quality,
many • fresh young voices having been
added. The orchestra Is also enlarged,
one Important addition being the harpist,
Madame Carusl, lately a member of the
Metropolitan orchestra In New York, and
altogether thing* promise exceedingly
well for the Tlvoli's coming- season.
"Rigoletto" will be the alternating bill
cf the week, with the same cast as last
year. Ferrari does very good -work In the
name role. I hope h« has left his trem
olo behind htm. Repetto. the charming
little songbird, sings Gllda; Russo, the
hero of the shooting bund and altitudln
ou» note, again sings the Duke's part:
Nlcollnl Is the brigand. Sparafudle, and
Poletlnl'B sympathetic voice will again be
heard In her last year's part of Magda
lena. which was an exceptionally good bit
of acting, by. the way.
new singers in the cast Collamarinl as
Amneris and Dado as Ramphis are dis
tinctly acquisitions. Dado has been heard
heard here but once before, with Madame
Bembrich, on the opening and only night
of her Ill-fate 5 season at the beginning
of this year (hoodooed,evldently, by sub
stituting "The Barber of Seville" for
"Aida"). but his work on that occasion
•warrants one In saying that the principal
basso of the Tivoli Is a very considerable
artist and that his Ramphis will te one of
the roles of the evening. Collamarini's
abilities are well known here, and though
ehe has not yet been eeen as Amneris the
part is said to be one of her best. Nico-
Mni will be the King of Egypt and Plo
Faccl will sing the messenger part.
TO-MORROW evening Frederick Mc-
Greer's handsome new curtain rings
up at the Tivoll on the initial pro
duction of the grand opera season
of 1901, "Aida," the operatic ancient
of days and time-honored opening bill. It
would hardly seem proper to begin the
eeaeon with anything else, even to the
audience, and with managers and singers
"Aida" has become a superstition as a
mascot opening. Not that one minds, for
"Aida" Is a delightful opera, but its In
variable appearance as the initial offering
of a season savors of the comical. One
begins to wonder what would happen if
another opera were substituted, some
thing new. to be violently original; but
perhaps that would be tempting the foot
light fates too far.
At any rate this year they are to be
appeased and we to be pleased by "Aida"
©nee more and as usual to-morrow even-
Ing, with the following adequate cast for
Its interpretation:
Salassa. the most artistic actor . and
Fintrer that the Tivoll has ever had, will
be heard as Amonasro, which part he ren
dered 60 splendidly last year. The name
part will be sung by Nice Barbareschl,
whose Aida Is also gratefully remem
bered; and Castellano. whose high, bright
tenor did good service in the role last
reason, will be heard as Radames. Of
TWO CAUFORNIA2TS GAIN
ING FAME IN THE THEAT
RICAXi "WORLD.
slcal usefulness has served to draw at
tention strongly to the possibilities of the
organ as a eolo Instrument, through. the
numerous recitals that have been given on
the Stanford memorial organ during the
convention. Attention has also been
called to the fact that though San Fran
cisco Is to lose the valuable services of
Dr. H. J. Stewart, who leaves Trinity
Church for an appreciative 53000 position
in Boston, we have In Mr. W. B. King
an organist amply qualified to take . his
place. Mr. King's achievements In chorus
accompaniment during" the convention
will not be readily forgotten, and his solo
work, with Its clean, crisp technique, large
grasp and thoroughly musical spirit. Is no
less brilliant. The young organist, for he
is still quite young, has also a thorough
ly artistic repertoire. In which' are to be
found most things worthy from Bach to
WIdor, whose pupil he was^-WIdor, I nat
urally mean— during* a\twp years' stay in
Paris. The First Congregational Church
of Oakland is Mr. King's stronghold, and
if you go there you are likely to hear
some music, though the organ is only in
differently good.
Dr. Stewart will give a farewell recital
on the Stanford memorial organ to-mor
row evening at 8:15 o'clock at the Me
chanics' Pavilion, -at which the following
good programme will be played:
Suite Gothique V Boellmann
Introduction Choral; Minuet Gothlque.
Priere a Notre Dame; Toccata.
Air with variations, in G.' Lemmens
Fantasia in D minor Merkel
a Priere in D flat *Callaerts
b Intermezzo in B flat — S
Slumber Song .' .....Schytte
a Triumphal March 1
(Sigurd Jorsalfer). j
b Im Volketon JGrleg
c Ram des Vaehes |
d Danse a la Paysanne .J
Fantasia—' 'Das Rheingold" Wagner
Also, as a tribute to their retiring di
rector, the choir of Trinity Church will
to-night sing Dr. Stewart's oratorio, "The
Nativity," the service to begin at a quar
ter before 8 o'clock. The solos will be
sung by Miss Millie Flynn, Mrs. J. E. Bir
mingham, H. M. Fortescue, F. G. B.
Mills, T. G. Elliott and W. R. Kneass.
Harry Samuels will play the violin solo,
"Adoration of the Magi," and also a solo
during the offertory.
ONE OP THE SINGERS WHO WILIj
BE HEARD HERE IN GRAND
OPERA. -
With a brand new Metropolitan reputa
tion as an actor, and | a sturdy two-year*
old baby, George H. Robinson wandered
into town the other day looking absurdly
like the sandy-haired youngster that used
to "play theater" , morning, noon and
night in the basement of his father* 3
house on Van Ness avenue a short while
ago. Mr. Robinson Is proud of a lew
things 'that concern him, very proud cf
those ten, twenty and thirty cent raree
shows ', that used to be held In ¦ that un
' syndicated basement, where he was box
office artist, playwright, "leading heavy"
and "general utility" all In one. He also
looks modest ¦ when it is mentioned that
Nat Goodwin offered him an engagement
on sight," after a Commencement Day per
formance >t . Stanford University, where
Goodwin and Maxlne Elliott appeared on
the same bill in '.'The Silent System," and
he is undisgulsedly • proud, too. of being
a Callfornian, as well as 'several other
things that are greatly to hla credit. But
all these things are ! as dust beneath the
feet in the opinion of the clever Thespian
when compared with his remarkable Jour
ney from New York, to San Francisco a3
sole escort 'of his ' son ' and heir . spparen t.
George H. Junior , % an exacting young gen
tleman not, yet two years old. . Gjorge H.
Jr. ihas not been interviewed, ,but hl3
proud parent declares that he was deliv
ered at the Robinson home here intact,
sound' of wind and limb, and In the pink
of. condition, and is net at all inclined to
discount his achievement..- '
"It's the hardest part' I < ever ! struck,"
• "Robert J." has. been doings things
again. Under the signature of Sinclair,
Robert J. of that Ilk. the. lady last week
wrote me objecting variously to dramatic
criticism as "she Is wrote" in tills paper.'
ahd'.i; Guisard, in seemly fashion, to put
to Vout, confusion and utter obfuscatlon
thef*eomplaintng damsel In question. This
week she writes to say that she Is no lady
and demands apology for being so ad
dressed.
— AU'right, here you are, Robert: you are
no lady, and I heartily apologize for hav
ing so addressed you. But, my dear girl,
you should remember that even dramatic
editors are not omnlvorous-^-as Mrs. Mal
aprop would say, and that when letters
arrive that are written on .a small size
"cream laid," in a " delicate French • flst,
with the usual feminine oversklrt and per
nickety beginnings here, there and every
where, the supposition is that they are
written by a person of your sex. Also,
Robert, you will remember next time— a
man commonly dates his letters, does not
say "for shame" .and never up his
valuable time in defending misunderstood
matinee heroes. He mostly fights wind
mills, otherwise critics, for the unappre
ciated girl actress. Verbum sap.
AT Forde's Opera-houao In Balti
more, in September next. Fred
erick Warde will bring out a
flve-act tragedy by Miss Vlrna
Woods, a clever young -woman,
who has written a good deal, of one kind
or another, and who is a Sacramento
Callfornlan.
Miss "Woods* tragedy has been In Mr.
Warde's possession for something like a
year, and its presentation was promised
at a much earlier date. It will be placed
in Mr. Warde's repertoire for the com
ing season and is to be seen In San Fran
cisco in January next. The author will
attend the Baltimore,' rehearsals *uid wi'f
shortly leave California for tfce purpose*.
Miss Woods' choice of subject is pecu
liar and interesting. Her central figure is
Horatius— not the famous Roman who
has so long "kept the bridge" at com
mencement exercises— from whom the play
takes its name, and who turns out to
have several claims to consideration as a
tragedy hero. He Is Horatius of 700 B. C.
one of the combatants In the celebrated
battle of the Horatii and Curiatll, in which
the bloodthirsty Romans antedated by
years two thousand odd the French gris
ette's famous conception in the farewell
song to her soldier lover:
"Let those who make the quarrels
Be the only ones to nght."
It will be remembered that the bosses
of that particular battle, with a gleam of
the Inspired righteousness that occasion
ally attacks rulers, agreed to fight it out
among themselves' to save useless blood
shed. Accordingly, they chose three on
a side, with a vow to stand pat on the
result of the triple combat," in which, after
Olympic heats, Horatius was left sole sur
vivor, with a consequent victory for the
Horatian governmental trust. Also, If I
remembe© aright, the hero in question did
away with his sister in picturesque fash
ion on account of her most natural love
for one of the enemies of her house,
which, by the way,- furnishes the love
interest of the play.
The scenes of the tragedy, in all five,
are. laid in and about Rome, and of course
blank verse is the form of its expression.
Concerned with Mr. Warde in its produc
tion will be Charles D. Herman, Barry
Johnstone, Antoinette Ashton, May
Warde and Virginia Drew Trescott. Mr.
Warde is' having special scenery painted
for the piece. There is a lively curiosity
among Eastern critics to see Miss Woods'
.play, for the label "Calif ornian," connect
ed with dramatic interests, as with
peaches. Is rapidly becoming synonymous
for something good. ."* ¦ . > ;
As a rule in strike contests the kernel is hidden by the husk. The kernel is an is.sue that
usually involves sincerely the dearest rights and interests of labor, but the husk is the legal irre
sponsibility of the labor organization. That organization may wreck the employer's truck, even
when driven by himself, and the act is the use of irresponsible force.against responsible prop
erty. His only remedy is an appeal to the criminal law. Perishable freight is unloaded on the
docks by the distant producer under the implied contract with the hauler set up in the law of
common carriers, and further accented by the exaction of a license from the hauler. This whole
system of obligations and implied contracts is broken, and the producer's property rots on the
dock. Third parties. are wronged, society is damaged, and there is no responsibility. If we are
really a civilized people there must be devised for these things a remedy that is respectful 01 all
rights of all people, and its beginning must naturally be perfect equality of responsibility.
his employes.
The establishment. of equality between employer and. employe, between labor and capital,
between the labor union and the corporation, would forever abolish the invoking of the criminal
law in labor controversies. The much complained of judicial injunction ., would disappear. The
existing heat on both sides would be cooled in the presence of the equal law.
Such a condition is so far from ideal that it cannot endure. Make responsibility equal
and the swarm of deputies of the civil officers and the armed soldiery will disappear. V In a hot
dispute the employer will not invoke force against force, because the union party 'to the dispute
must respond in penalty from its treasury, or by assessment 1 of its members for any damage done'
to his property, as he is compelled to respond for any financial or physical damage endured by
We say with a full and friendly knowledge of the situation that the unions suffer from
this condition of things. By the power of organization they can compel the making- of a contract
which nothing can compel them to keep, and for the breach of which they cannot be made to
respond. Labor and capital are equal partners in production. TJ?e dignity of each requires that
they be equal in all things. Capital makes a contract with the consumer to deliver to him at
a certain date a certain thing or aggregate of things, to be produced by labor. At the same
time labor and .capital make a contract, covering hours and wages! - Labor, in its present condi
tion of irresponsibility, may break its contract, "and so compel capital to break its contract with
the consumer. But capital is financially responsible, and the' consumer can enforce against it the
penalty clause of his contract. But when capital seeks to recoup its loss by enforcing its contract
with labor it finds behind it no responsibility! On the other' hand, every court in the land is open
for the enforcement by labor of its contract against defaulting capital. ¦ It can collect damages for
any infraction as to hours or wages. . Intelligent mechanics and laborers will see at .once the
one-sided condition which this implies, and the ultimate loss of public sympathy, for powerful
organizations whose legal irresponsibility is equal to the damage they may inflict upon others.
This question of equalityof responsibility is rapidly coming ; to _ the front, and is destined .
to work a change the labor union system by advancing it to the higher plane of legal
and financial' responsibility. Complaint is. now made that in strikes and controversies between
unions and employers the latter resort to injimction and invoke the restraints of the criminal
law., A calm inquiry will find the reason for .this in the legal and financial irresponsibility of the
union. Labor unionism is itself brought into disrepute by the acts of its members who go to
extremes that would- not be thought of if the union were liable to an action in trespass for dam
ages. Injunction is sought and military power invoked because on one side is destructible prop
erty and legal responsibility,- and on the other organization and its power without responsibility.
: This statement illuminates 'Mr. O'Connell's" declaration that, the contract has not been
broken. But suppose he is right, and it is intact and carries with it the. power, to apply -equal
artificial conditions to the whole country, if He had broken it, how could he be held to legal're
sponsibility? . ' ,¦ .-- -'¦'•.¦¦
The reply made- to this is that the same- artificial conditions cannot- apply to the various
natural conditions affecting the machinists' trade. The conditions under) which the material and
its transportation may be had;" the cost and accessibility of fuel, the absorbing , capacity of the
nearest market, and other, things, natural and physical, are said to make identical artificial condi
tions a misfit. This is illustrated by the difference of conditions between this coast and the East.
This is so influential that it is said by men well informed that if artificial conditions here are
made arbitrarily identical with the East the machinist's trade will disappear as a California
industry. ' >'. , . . ' \ :¦:¦'¦
RECIPROCAL' RESPONSIBlLITy.
L . N issue of. interest- has developed in the machinists , strike. While it is apparently an issue \<
/\ of veracity between Mr. O'Gonnell and the chairman of the manufacturers' organization,
/— \ the real question is. far away from that. • v : •
"T v It is alleged that the employing machinists a ->year; ago entered into a contract,
solicited by their employes, one condition of which was that differences should, be '. arbitrated, in
order to prevent just such a paralysis of trade as is now alarming the country.'? It is claimed -that,
the authorities which control the strikers. violated this agreement. To this Mr. O'Gonnell rejoins
that the employers want to arbitrate locally, whicli he will not permit, as he- demands that the
arbitration and settlement. cover the entire industry of the whole country on identical, terms. •
JOHN;D.- SPR ECKELS. (Propriety V :/ ;Addre«KCommunications to W.;S;;LEAKE^; Manager
sunday\... ::;:.;........ V....;;.^
Publication Office:..... ............................... <g£8^»...'..^. :-.'......'..' Market and Third, S. F.
BY GUISRRD.
WARDE WILL BRING OUT
AT BALTIMORE
MISS WOODS' NEW PLAY.
GRAND OPERA SEASON
AT THE TIVOLI
TO OPEN WITH "AIDA."
BY BLANCHE PARTlNGTON;
THE : ,':SANvTRANcisCO:-^ALL;,':SUNDAYiv^LY : : ; ;28; 19O1.
18
• »of the order, including visitors from San
Jose Council, there was. under the direc
tion of Speaker Joseph A. Wilson, a most
excellent purveyor of lodgeroom enter
tainment, a very pleasing programme of
varied numbers contributed by Friends
Ker, Nowlan, Lyman, Kohler and Foster.
There were also addresses by Friend
Worswick, president; Friend Putnam, ex
president; Friend Brower, secretary, and
Friend McGeher, . treasurer of San Jose
CouncU. W. D. Barber and Issie D. Meyer
each' entertained with- a monologue, and
Deacon William Wallace told a story
which was vthe" story of the evening.
Golden Gate Council will entertain Its
members, lady friends and relatives in
Pioneer Hall on the night of the 13th, of
August. ¦' .- ¦ - •
San Francisco Cabinet will officially vis
it El Dorado Council on the 16th of Aug
ust and Golden Gate Council on the 10th
of September.
clrisu feast of corn nnd venison to Its de
gree team and tho great chiefs In one of
the prominent restaurants.
Tho frrcatent lncrcasa during the pass
ing great (tun was made by Montezuma
Tribe— ninety-nine.
Scmlnole Tribe, the only one In this city
not working in the English language, now
numbers 200, and la increasing weekly,
Charles T. Granz, George II. Stein, Dr.
If. Slchel, W. Goldman, E. Lastreto and
Dr. J. J. Keefe have been appointed by
Yosemlte Tribe a committee on invitation
to the party to be. given by the tribe on
the 27th of August. The programme will
be of the best and the tribe will entertain
lavishly. . ¦ ; • .
. Oneida Council, D. of P., has commenced
the new term by adopting palefaces at
every meeting.
National Union.
California Council of the National
Union, W. A. S. Nicholson, president, held
Its first meeting in Its new quarters in the
Pioneer building on the night of the 17th
Inst. The hall, which Is one of the most
pleasant in the city, was tastefully deco
rated with American flags. After the ini
tiation of Dr. M. B. Estes and three oth
ers in the presence of about 125 members
Interest of the order. -Grand Recorder
Spencer assisted at a number of these In
stallations and at each delivered inter
esting addresses on the subject of Work
manship.' «. • .
Special Deputy Master Workman Wal
ter Malloywas In the country again last
¦week and talked up the -order wherever
he visited. As a result of his recent vis-
Its to lodges in the bay counties twenty
five applications have been received, ten
of these from Mt. Diablo Lodge at Wal
nut Creek. One of the effects of active,
energetic agitation. I . '
The lodges in the ¦ Mission district are
arranging for *a grand district meeting,
possibly in August. It Is to be an open
meeting, one of entertainment and in
struction as to the order., . . •-
The officers. of Silver Spray Lodge, De
gree of Honor, were installed on the 16th
inst. in public by Grand Chief of Honor
Lucy McNear, assisted by Mrs. Lucy M.
Quinton as grand usher. There were
many present and the ceremony was im
pressive and well carried out. After the
ceremony there was an- excellent pro
gramme of entertainment contributed by
Professor Graber and his mandolin club,
and by ladies and gentlemen, who enter
tained with vocal solos, after, which there
was dancing. The retiring past chief of
honor was presented a handsome emblem
of the ordpr and the installing offlcer re
ceived a basket of flowers.
Last Wednesday night Deputy J. T.
Kidrl. with Grand Recorder C. T. Spencer
as guide and a full corps. of acting grand
officers, installed the officers of Friend
ship Lodge in the presence of a large
number of members of The order. After
the work of the evening there was a so
cial hour, and music, songs and recita
tions were in order, together « with re
freshments and a collation. Among the
speakers were the grand recorder, ex-
Grand Recorder Hlrschberg and a number
of the district deputies. The retiring mas
ter was presented a splendid fsouvenir of
the lodge's appreciation ot him while in
the chair. /
Crocker Lodge Is arranging for the Ini
tiation of a large class of candidates on
the 9th of August.
Special Deputy Grand Master Walter
Malloy is working in Contra Costa County
in the Interest of the order.
Improved Order of Bed Men.
At the council of Monadnock Tribe of
the Improved Order of Red Men on the
12th inst., previous to the raising up of
the chiefs for the current six moons, the
n-jiort of tho chief of records was read
nnd showed a very subsumtlnl increase
during tho previous six moons In wam
pum nnd pnlefaceg.
On tho 10th of July Altahmos Tribe eon
fcrred the warrior's degrco on six eligi
ble*, after which In the course of a lone
talk tho pii»t great sachem highly com
plimented tho degrco team for ltd most
excellent work. On the night of the 16th
of August tho' tribe ' vrlll tender a first
THE FRATERNITIES
O.: R II. Pike, right supporter to V. G.:
J. F. Callatte, left supporter to V. G.; G.
A. Trautner, rights scene , supporter; Cr
II. Davis, left scene -supporter; > J. W.
Wisler, chaplain. . .
Grand Master William Nichols Jr. an-
r.ounccs the following visitations .for the
month of August: * ¦ . -,
August 9, to Exeter, when there will be the
dedication of a new hall; 10th. to Hanford;
12th, to Willow Lodge at BnelHnc: Wth, to
MariponR.; Hth, to Hornitos; 15th, to Oso
Irfnige at Bear Valley; lftth. to Coultervllle;
nth. to Merced: Suth. to Lodi; 2ist, to Clem-
ent*. and 22d to Jefferson Lodce at Wood-
brl(J ff* > , v
The grand master In his visits'to Santa
Clara and San Mateo counties found all
the lodges active'and prosperous, each
having during, the first half of tho year
added to the membership. .The reports
from 204 lodges of the jurisdiction for the
first six months of the year show,a net in-
Kes^h^fr^r ar ° >Ct - ab °Ut 15°
Reports from the encampment branch.
of the order arc also viry satisfactory.
The grancV patriarch visited last week in
Wife!™ Encampment. •¦ in conjunction
with Unity Encampment, will have a joint
installation on ihe 30th inst.. on which oc-
casion members of the subordinates will
be admitted into the encampment hall.
candidatesto keep the degree team busy
for some time. • , . ,
At the last held meeting? of Hartnagle
Chapter there was a large attendance.
Among those who received the sublime de
gree were Dr. J. M. Graves and Dr. J.
Bazzlni. The degree team performed its
work in an admirable manner. ;•
Noble Grand Arch Godeairhas issued a.
stirring proclamation to the groves,
which he gives them sensible advice, m
forms them that: he will officially visit
them, during his term of office and expects
them to help • him make an increase of
2000 during the term. He offers a prize of
$100 to any one who will: organize and
have instituted five groves, one.of $50,to
any one who shall introduce and Have in
ltiated the.greatest number of members
above fifteen into his grove and a banner
to the grove initiating the greatest num
ber of candidates in proportion to mem
bership. * ..,-.-.¦ >
of Workmen.
, During the past week there were a num
ber of offlcerg of lodges installed in the
Anclent Order ot United Workmen. Those
of. Bernal were installed by District Dep
uty Crowley and those of Alta by Dls
trlct Deputy Hansen. The officers of
Unity and - Prosperity lodges were ialso
installed. The new officers gave promise
that they would work faithfully for the
Rebekah Lodges. .
\ A. new lodge of the Rebekahs has been
instituted at Fullerton and another at
North Ontario. | Still another will be in
stituted jn a short time at Igo.
The reports that are coming in from the
lodges in all parts of the jurisdiction show
a very pleasing increase. If they con-»
tinue to come in at the same rate of add
ed membership the increase shown will be
the greatest for a term in the history of
the order.
On the occasion' of the installation of the
officers of Templar Lodge Mrs. T. Hop
kins, the outgoing past noble grand, was
by General Brower on behalf p of the lodge
presented a very handsome jewel of her
rank in recognition of her remarkably
well performed service while in the chair
of noble grand.
On the night of the 20th inst. the offi
cers of Mission Rebekah Lodge were-in
stalled in public in Excelsior Hall by. Mrs.
Floy Urquhart and her staff of very ef
ficient officers in a manner that created a
most favorable impression on the mem
bers and the visitors.- The work, ritual
istic and floor, was frequently applauded.
The new oflicers are:
Mary Duncan, P. G.; Mary Hurst, N. G.;
Julia Jackson. V. G.; Emily Knopf, R. S. :
Annie Norman, F. S.; Mrs. A. J. Wllllston,
R. S. to N. G.; Lucy M. Qulncton, L. S. to
N. G.; Lulu Perry, W.; Mrs. M. Robinson, C. ;
Edith Hexhlem, R., and Emma Arison, L. S.
to V. G. : Susie Pracy, O. ; Mrs. Flitner, I. G.,
and William Hurst, O. G. -
After the ceremony ' closed there was
presented a beautiful collar to Mrs. Dun
can, the retiring noble grand, and she
was alfao given a basket of fragrant roses.
A costly crystal bowl was presented to
R. C. Black, the drillmaster of tho lodge,
after which a diamond set jewel was pre
sented to Mrs. W. W. Watson, the out
going past noble grand. This was given
by the lodge in. appreciation of the most
excellent work of the lucly while in the
chairs and as an expression of their great
fraternal Jovo for one whoso charming
personality has endeared her to every
member of the lodge. Mrs. Watson proved
herself a faithful and considerate offlcer
and demonstrated her magnetic power to
make friends nnfl hold them. 1
The "soap bubble party" recently Riven,
by Oriental Rebekah Lodge was well at
tended and waB a grand success, afford
ing much amusement to all present. Tho
new committee on entertnlnment haa ar
ranged a series of surprising novelties for
the term. Next Wednesday there will be
an "at heme," which promises to surpass
anything ever before given by thta wide
awako lodge. Canton No. 5, P. M., Cap
tain C. H. Kornbeck, will attend. Lon.i
Jarvls, the "life of Oriental," la spending
her vacation nt Gilroy.
Next Tuesday ovoning Jubilee Lodge
will give its rjunrterly entertainment and
dance in Prospect Hall of tho Odd Fel
lows' building. The committeo has pre
pared on interesting progrumme.
Ladies' Auxiliary Knights Templar.
The Ladles' Auxiliary to California Com
mandery, Knights Templar, held its mid
summer business meotlng and card party
at the home of Mrs. William Roderick
Jones last week. A lunch was served be
fore- tho meeting, Rnd after tho business
there was a progressive gamo of cards. A
very enjoyable afternoon was spent. Mrs.
Gertrude ISlalne. Taber Canny won the
first prize, a silver jelly spoon. In tho
absence of Mrs. C. Tabor Mrs. H. Reams,
the vice president, presided at tho meet-
Ing. Th'e Invited guests were Mrs. L V C.
Pistolesi. Mrs. C. Cutting and Mrs. H. L.'
White. The next meeting will be held on
August 3 at the residence of Miss Eva
Powells. Those who were present were
Mrs. H. Reams, vice president; Mrs. W.
R. Jones, second vice president; Mrs. G.
E. T. Canny, secretary: Mrs. Z. U. Dodge,
assistant secretary; Mrs. S. A. McDon
nell, treasurer; Mesdames E. G. Dorn, C.
C. Moorehouse, A. Haas, •Hiram T.
Graves, J. Prior, S. Byron DeWltt, J.
Lowe, J. P. Fraser, Marriner-Campbell,
Seibe. Martenstein, Wheatlne, Johnson,
Damkruger, Young, Marsh, Logan and
Misses Eva Powells and Mary Bragg.
The Druids.
Junior Past Noble Grand Arch Henry
Lange of St. Helena was in this city last
week and reported to Secretary Graves
that St. Helena Grove has adopted a new
scheme to secure new members and that
It is working admirably. This grove will
enter the competition for a banner to be
offered by Noble Grand Arch Godeau.
' Olympia Grove has decided to hold a
joint picnic with Olympia Circle at Scheut
zen Park on the 11th of August. 1 There are
to be games for old and young and prizes.
The brothers of the grove and the sisters
of the circle are working hard to make
the affair a success. ¦ -:-. >
Alpini. Aurora, Volta and Monteverde
Groves have appointed a committee to
arrauge for a picnic In 1902.
Sonoma, Grove at its last held meeting
Initiated one of the prominent physicians
of the place into its mysteries. Dr. W.
Sitchell* of Golden Star Grove acted as
noble arch and his Instructions to the can
didates and members were very Interest
ing. .The doctor also visited the groves
in Santa Rosa, I Healdsburg, Occidental,
Guerneville and Duncans Mills. At each
place he was well received.
The . grove in Butter Creek has' taken
possession of its new hall and has enough
/t^v-yj FTER Mim. Agues M. Lee. D.
\ t \\\ I 1J. O. P.. the instaliing officer,
/ rOn I bad placed the several 'officers
/^— A \ ot fian Luislta Parlor of San
' Luis Obispo In their respect
; x ".'• '.,;', ive stations, Miss Eva Ballou,
the president, presented to the parlor a
large handsome, silk American flau' to be
displayed during parlor sessions. A ban
quet'followed the ceremonies. . .' ' ,
Mrs. Ella Wehe'of Buena Vista Parlor
installed the officers of . La Estrella Par
lor last week, it being the first time that
she entered upon the duties of Installing
officer. She was assisted by Miss Emma
Benning us past grand president and Miss
Mollie Long as grand marshal. The work
was most impressively done and Mrs.
Welie was highly praised for the prfect
ness of her part of the ceremony. The
officers were found by her to be perfect
in the ritualistic work. There were pres
ent Mrs. Baker, G. P., Mrs. Conrad and
Mrs.- Tillman, past grand presidents, Mrs.
Aggie Lunstedt, a prominent , member of
the Has Bpen;s and members of Alta,
Buena Vista ¦ and Orinda parlors. Mrs.
Emma Thlerbach was presented a pair of
opera glasses as a token of appreciation
from the members of the parlor, and then
flowers" were presented to Mrs. Thierbach,
Dr. Boldemann and to the installing of
ficer. The members of this parlor last
week gave a supper In one of the lead
ing rotisseries to Mrs. Emma Thierbach,
one of the, members elected a grand 1 trus
tee. There were forty-nine present, includ
ing Past Grand Presidents Mrs. Conrad,
Mrs. Tillman and' Mrs. Theodore Lun
stedt.
One of the prettiest installations of the
season was that witnessed last week
In Buena Vista Parlor. The install
ing officer was Mrs. Julia A. Steinbach,
who performed her ceremonial and mem
orized work in a manner that \ won for
her the highest commendation. The hall
was crowded and it was decorated with
thousands of beautiful flowers. Miss Alice
Ticoulet, who was installed as president,
demonstrated during the exemplification
bf the ritualistic work prior to installa
tion her fitness for the position to which
she has been elevated. She was congratu
lated by all and was presented with many
flowers. Bouquets were also given to the
installing officer. Some, of the most elo
quent speeches ever heard in a parlor
were delivered by Grand President Mrs.
Baker, Dr. Matiana Bertola, Mrs. TVehe,
the installing officer, Grand Secretary
Miss Laura J. Frakes, Past Grand Presi
dents Mae B. Wllklns and M. B. Johnson
and Mrs. Lucie Hammersmith, secretary
of Darlna Parlor. After the close of the
meeting Ice cream and cakes were served
to all. Mrs. Steinbach was presented by
the parlor a handsome silver backed
brush and bunch of carnations.
The proceedings of the last held Grand
Parlor are In the hands of the printer and
lf he keeps his promises they will be
ready forvdlstrlbutlon within ten days.
The officers of OroFino Parlor were In
stalled by Mrs! Minnie Kallock, D. D. G.
P., in the presence of a large number of
members, including a large delegation
of Darlna Parlor as a compliment to the
installing officer, who is a member of the
parlor of beautiful girls of the .Western
Addition. In appreciation of the manner
in which she did her work Oro Flno Par
lor presented her a bunch of carnations.
After the installation by Miss Annie
Worth." D. D. G. P., of the officers of Cal
averaa, the beauty parlor, Mrs. E. W.
French, the organizer of that subordi
nate, on its behalf presented a valuable
diamond rinjr to Miss Agnes McVerry, tho
retiring president, after which the pre
senter wan herself made the recipient of
an emblematic pin of tho order having
upon It the words, "Mother of the par
lor." •
After the Installation of the officers of
Yosomito Parlor by Mrs. Ella Weho, D.
D. G. P., the retiring president, Phellta
Roagan. and Suslo Kalthoff, the record
ing secretary, were each presented an
emblematic gold pin.
Tho members of L»a Estrella Parlor
havo presented a pair of opera glasses to
Mrs. Emma Thierbach as a token of their
love and appreciation of her while aho
wns president and pant president.
After tho Installation of the officers of
Golden Stato Parlor by AgneB Thomnglo,
D. D. G. P.. there wrb the presentation
of a fine gold watch to tho retiring past
president In appreciation of what she did
for tho parlor. The presentation was fol
lowed by addresses by Grand President
Mrs. Baker, Grand Secretary Miss Lnura
J. Frakes. Tast Grand Presidents Helle
W. Conrad, Mnry B. Tillman, Mollio B.
Johnson and others.
The officers of Ema Gctt Parlor at
Crockett were Impressively installed by
Mrs. J. A. Steinbach, D. D. O. P.
The officers of Aloha Parlor of Oakland
•will be installed on Thursday next and
those of Alameda Parlor will be installed
on Tuesday. <
The following officers of La Vespera
Parlor were installed by District Deputy
Grand President Lillian Versalovich and
the work, in the presence of many mem
bers of the order, was very impressive:
Annie Lastine, P. P.; Mary McCormick,
P.; • Nora Nonnemann, -Mary Desroslers,
Stella. Clue, V. P.'s; Annie McDonough,
M.; Annie Anderson, R. S.; Nellie Ber
ger. F. S.; Mary O'Connor, T.; Julia Balz.
Marie Larlos. Mrs. Roche, T.'s; Inez
Smith, I. S.: Mary Matheas, O. S.: Cassie
McTernan, O. The retiring president, An
nie Lastine, was presented an elegant em
blematic pin. After the ceremony there
was an excellent collation In the taste
fully decorated banquet hall, where the
following named were called upon to say
something for the good of the order:
Vice Grand President Eliza D. Keith,
Grand Secretary Miss Laura J. Frakes
and Past Grand Presidents Mary E. Till
man, Belle W. Conrad and'Mollie B. John
son.
Native Sons.
Last week the members of Sequoia Par
lor of the N. S. G. W. presented
to Past President Henry Hasselbach a
beautiful gold charm for his watch in ap
preciation of his services upon the 1900
celebration committee. The charm is em
blematic of the order and of Mr. Hassel
bach's vocation, it being in the form of a
small incandescent lamp, upon which is
worked the emblem of the order.
The following named were installed as
officers of El Dorado Parlor by District
Deputy Grand President James P. Dock
ery on the'llth inst: J. J. Greely, J. P.
P.; J. C. Martin. P.; G. L. Suhr, J. W.
Keegan and J.- F. Broad, V. P's; P. P.
Maueang. R. S.; J. J. Crowley, F. S.; R.
Horber, T.; Dr. C. J. Morgan, trustee; A.
J.. Rossi, M.; Drs. W. J. Hawkins, B.
Fleming and E. Frisble, surgeons; A. .H.-
Cohen. I. S., and D. M. McKibbon, O. S.
The Installation was followed by a colla
tion, singing, recitations and the presen
tation of a gold and diamond badge to
retiring President J. J. Greely. The dis
trict deputy addressed the assemblage,
complimenting the officers for the excel
lence of - their ritualistic work and ex
pressing satisfaction at the prosperous
condition in which he found the parlor.
Eastern Star Chapters.
•California Chapter of the Order of the
Eastern Star at Its last held meeting
elected twelve to receive the degrees, and
a goodly number of petitions were 'pre
sented. There will be a special meeting
next Tuesday 'for the purpose of confer
ring the degrees. . The | committeo an
nounced that all arrangements had been
concluded for the annual dinner party and
ball, to be given on the night of tho 3d of
August. .This promises to be one of the
grandest events in Eastern Star circles of
this city. Tho committee is composed of
John Tonnlngscn, Bertha N. Stark, Em
ma Grace Buswell, P. F. Ferguson, and
Samuel A. Clarke. Professor S. Adelstein
and Esther Phillips havo been chosen as
the committee on music. Captain Witt
man as floor manager and Ralph Hathorn
as chairman of the reception committee.
Olive Branch Chapter at its meeting last
Monday night balloted on three petitions.
At the next meeting of the chapter there
will be an ."at homo," commencing at 9
o'clock. A general Invitation has been
extended and the visitors will be wel
comed by. the matron and the patron,
Mrs. Rose Mario Pistoles! and Dr. Byron
de Witt.
On Thursday night ¦ Harmony Chap
ter Initiated eleven strangers In the pres
ence of the largest audience that has been
in a chapter room during? the .vacation
Rcaion. After, the work there was a sup
per, a dance and a. programme of music
and songs. Tho meeting was one of the
most pleasing that has been held In many
anight. ¦
; Odd Fellowship.. v :
The following named have been Installed
as the officem of Western Addition Lodgre
by John T. Gibson, D.D. G. M.: ¦ C. N.
Jansen, > noble grand; A. . M. Brand,' vice
grand; F.' H. Malln,' warden; J. Corlnson,
conductor; -W. P.. Oestreich, Inside guard
ian; David Irwin,- right supporter to N.
G. : B. W. Skelton, \ left ; supporter to N.
Too many people in this miserable world
are never happy unless they are bubbling
over with unhappiness. ¦ .._
f Empress Victoria Lodge, Daughters of
St. George, has appointed Mrn.-P. A.'Wil
liams, Mrs. M.' Stickney. Mrs. • E. - Witts,
Mrs. Atkinson, Mrs. Harries. Mrs. . Har
rison, Mrs. L. Coleman, Mrs. Fisher, Mrs.
A. Creba. Mrs. Pitney, Mrs. Johnson and
Mrs.-. Jewitt a committee to' arrange for
an "at home" In the lodgeroom in the Red
Men's building -to-morrow night. 1 -There
will be English games ahd various amuse
raenta to make up an enjoyable evening.
Daughters of St. George.
The young association, the Sons of
Exempts, who are to follow the Exempts
of the Volunteer Fire Department of San
Francisco as the preservers of • the his
toric relics of that Organization, hel&sa
meeting on the 22d Inst. in the old house
on tho hill ar.d adopted new ideas and
suggestions to make the association more
attractive than -it has been In the past.
It was decided to hold an open meetlns
on tho niffht of tho 12th of August, on
which occasion ell sons of exempt fire
men of the volunteer department will be
invited. An excellent programme of en
tertainment will be presented and a Jolly
good time is assured. A committee was
appointed to make arrangements for a
clam bake for the young men and the
old vets will be the • guests. . After the
transaction of the business of the even
ing there were refreshments and the wits
of the society entertained.
Sons of Exempts.
A new circle to be known as Farragut,
organized by Mrs. Sarah Beversen, . was
instituted at Vallejo last. night by Grand
Chief Companion Miss Ticoulet and other
grand officers.
The officers of Pride of the Forest Cir
cle were installed last week by Grand
Chief Companion • Miss Ticouiet, assisted
by Samuel Schweitzer, D. D. G. C. C
and a number of the grand ofHcers. The
hall was very prettily decorated with
flowers and flags, and at the close of the
ceremony the grand chief was presented
a large bunch of roses by the circle.
On July 12 the officers of Martha
Washington Circle were installed in
public by Grand Chief Companion Miss
Ticoulet, assisted by Grand Treasurer
Mrs. Kemp Van E«. In the presence of
many members of the order. During the
evening the circle was presented with a
set of Bilk regalia, and Samuel Schweitzer,
the retiring past chief companion, was
presented a fine gold badge and a framed
certificate. ¦;- v. • '
On July 11 Grand Chief Companion Miss
Alice Ticoulet installed the officers of
Elir.hurst Circle in the presence of a largo
number of companions. After the cere
monies there was a banquet - tendered to
the grand chief and the grand officers
who assisted her. ,
Monday, July 8, the new officers of
Bay City Circle were installed by Deputy
Grand Chief Companion Mrs. R. Kemp
Van Ee in public, after which Miss Bessie
Borren, the outgoing chief companion,
was presented by Jacob Label of. the
American Forester Review on behalf of
the circle a costly marquise ring as a
token of fraternal love and affection. This
was followed by the presentation on be
half of the members of a handsomely
framed picture to the financial secremy,
Mrs. Helena Worms, who is also grand
sub-chief companion.
After the installation of the officers of
New Century Circle last week each offi
cer was presented a beautiful floral piece,
after which there was a surprise In the
nature of the presentation by John J.
Cordy, G. S., honorary member of the cir
cle, on behalf of the circle of a handsome
parlor chair to Mrs. Sarah Beversen, the
outgoing past chief companion, in recogni
tion of the effective work she did for the
circle. Mrs. Beversen made a pleasing
response; expressing her thanks for the
esteem in which the membership holds
her and the confidence it has reposed in
her.
American Companions.
Grand IMctalor P. L. Archibald, assisted
by Deputy C. W. Apgar and other grand
officers, installed the officers of Yerba
Buena Lodge July 8, after which
Thomas Johnstone, the retiring past
dictator, was surprised beyond meas
ure by being called to the front and hav
ing presented to him a beautiful full Jew
eled gold watch as a token of apprecia
tion of his work for and general will
ingness to help the lodge out when it
needed help. , " ' . *
The annual excursion and picnic of the
Knightn of Honor will be to Sunset Park
in the Santa Cruz Mountains on next Ad
mission day. All kinds of games and
races will be arranged for and there will
be many prizes suitable for old and young.
Supreme Representative Ben I. Solomon
Is chairman of the committee of arrange
mente, and that means a whole lot. B.
E. George is vice president, p. A- Fol
rom secretary, F. 8. Jennings ticket agent.
Charles Lampe treasurer. The chairmen
of sub-committees are: P. L. Archibald,
transportation; C. H. Holcomb, rnuslc:
Thomas Learned, programme; Thorna*
Johnstone, press: L. BucWey. prizes, j and
L.-J. Cramer, games. Thirty-five cars
have already been engaged to carry those
v ho want to eo on this picnic. '
P&fi Dictator Jamf« A. Johnson otJAb
my Lodge, who recently returned frona
visit East, will, to-morow night, tell the
lodge what he saw at Buffalo. .
Supreme Dictator D. 8. Biggs of Boston.
Mass.. ha* written to R'P 1 *^ 11^^,,?^
I Salomon that he will, la all B robab!lit> ,
visit California this fall, and that Su
lireme Vice Dictator ex-Governor J. . t«
Shepherd of South Carolina will accom
pany him. They will bo- accorded a Cali
fornia !:nightly welcome. No supreme or
f.ccr has visited California since 1880.
At a railed meeting of Keystone Lodge
last Thursday there was a response from
"vt-ry member either by letter or in pcr
eoii. Some Important matters' were ara
cuscd in committee of the whole, ana ac
tion will be token at the next roeeun«;.'
Knights of Honor.
Mission Camp celebrated its fifth anni
versary by an entertainment and dance
In Odd Fellows' Hall on the night of the
17th inst. There were many Woodmen
and neighbors present, who were delighted
with an excellent programme, the num
bers of which were contributed by P. F.
Gilroy, C. C; T. Dunn. Elton Lambert,
H. G. White Jr., the Bennett sisters and
Billy Brackets In addition there was a
drill by the camp's uniformed team and
the presentation of the uniformed teams
of Golden Gate Camp Ho. 64. Western
Addition 306 and Calumet 436. There was
a good programme of music.
Tamalpais Camp at its meeting last
Monday nlgrbt received another large
batch of applications. The brass band of
this camp, the only one attached to a
camp in this city, will be conspicuously in
evidence on the 10th of August at the
monster initiation. The members of this
camp are striving hard to secure one of
the prizes offered to the camps showing
the largest list of names of candidates.
On the 15th Inst. Tamalpais Camp elect
ed to membership a large number of ap
plicants and obligated Beveral who are to
be initiated at Fernbrook Park on the 10th
of August. The camp contributed a gen
erous sum to the commissary committee
¦which will furnish food to the hungry
"Woodmen at Fernbrook. The large num
ber of members present were pleasantly
entertained by the camp's band.
Golden Gate Camp of the Woodmen of
the World Is striving hard to attain a
greater membership than Denver Camp
No. 1, which holds the numerical banner,
end it is now a close second. At the
meeting; on the 22d lust. It had a large
class of candidates to Initiate, and the
work was done by the new officers,
assisted by the well-drilled team of the
camp.
Woodmen of the "World.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL; SUNDAY, JULY 28, 1901;
19
Among the features of Japan's military
system is the fact that on the army pay
rolls are 2000 tailors, '1000 shoemakers, 10,
000 grooms and 1500 attendants, says trie
"Washington Times. ¦ The medical staff Is
one of the most complete In either Europe
or Asia, All officers holding only tempo
rary commissioned rank are included In
the list of petty officers. - - : .
.__• .-
rank. m wu.\ ' - - ,f%
After= Inventory Clearance Sale o!
• w ; 1,,!.. _> ..
Parlor -Fnrnitip- second week.
UNPRECEDENTED BARGAINS. & % \OTE THE PRCES.
SJO.Tr* Parlor Suit, hand polished,
upholstered in silk damask, assort-
ment of colors.
$22.50 Parlor Suit, beautifully deco-
rated frame, hand polished, uphol-
stered in silk damask.
S2 -£°. £ arlf T Chalr . hand carved and
polished, upholstered spring seat.
S75.OO Parlor Suit, solid mahogany.
very finely carved: all the pieces are
larpe and comfortable, upholstered
in empire green silk veloun
PARLOR ROCKER, very tasty,
frame hand polished, upholstered
seat, assortment of colors.
S7.Ti.OO Parlor Suit, solid mahogany
frame with marquetry inlaid back,
upholstered in fine grade of silk da-
mask.
S3M.OO Solid Mahogany Davenport —
our own make— upholstered in heavy
French tapestry or cordurpy. \ -
DAVENPORT in golden oak or
manojranized birch, upholstered in
heavy French tapestry or corduroy.
Our own make.
DIVAN, neat Inlaid back, upholstered
seat and back, silk damask.
SIU.T.*; Morris Chair, solid mahog-
any, frame is Jiand -rubbed and pol-
ished. Its plainness commends it.
Loose, reversible cushions; large va-
riety of colors. r
'$«»:». OO Parlor Suit, solid plain ma-
hogany, full" curved -back," nicely
tufted, upholstered in plain empire
green silk velour. or silk damask.
S1O.OO Divan, inlaid back, hand pol-
ished frame, upholstered in silk
damask.
$2.7.% Parlor Chair, upholstered seat
and back, regular "English design,
great variety of colorings.
$12.00 Couch, made up in good
heavy tapestry, assortment of colors.
SJ55.O0* Leather Couch, "Our Spe-
cial." Made of the very best leather,
deep diamond tufts, with patent
• clinched buttons that cannot come
out-
Si J). 73 Box Couch, good springs and
large receptacle for clothing, patent
lift, variety of colorings.
$35.00 Turkish Easy Chair or Rock-
er, made in very best leather, full
tufted back, spring arms.
Lace Curtains, Heavy Curtains,
Drapery and Furniture Fabrics,
Rope Portieres, Remnants, Etc.
LACE CURTAINS— Odd i, 2 and 3 pairs of a pattern, some slightly
soiled, all to be closed out at a bargain. . "*
H££ l~~S our choice values up to $4.00 a pair for 82.OO
f^S 2~~i our ch .°| ce values up to $5.00 a pair for ftttloo
M££ our choIce values up to $7.50 a pair for S.V.OO
LOT 4-5 our choice values up to $10.00 a pair for $7 OO
HEAVY CURTAINS—Odd one-half pairs and single pairs to be closed
out at a bargain.
Y . ou Jr,£ holc t Curtaln8 « worth up to $10.00 a pair, to be closed out
at $2.00 each. or. a pair $4.50
FINE 50-INCH DRAPERY T48RICS to Be Closed Out.
. Values up to 85c a yard go nt °.1o
Values up to $1.00 a yard go at ; .ItUo
Values up to Sl.SO a yard go at ho\*
VhIups up to $2.00 a yard po at T."J««
Values up to $300 a yard go at .....ftJ.OO
EOPE PORTIERES-Special bargain to be closed out at. each. 85c,
$1 ...» and 91«{5O; values up to $5.00.
BEB^ ANTS ~ A new lot to be closed out at ' nc » 1Oe . 15c . 25c and
OOc each. Some unusually fine larse pieces.
Body Brussels and nigelow Lowell
quality, parlor, dining-room and hall
and Ftalr patterns, regular I OC
Jl.tO quality ? I.*D
Body JtruFHclr. Whlttal's soods: aluo
all the cheaper grades advertised bv
downtou*n stores at lit:
$125 I. ID
Wilton Velvet Carpets. 40 new fall de-
plfrns. pultahle for parlor, library,
hall and stairs: regular I lf|
$1.^ lilU
Etlnson's and Sanford's best tapestry
carpet, over 100 different patterns
and colorings In floral nnd pC>
Turkish designs; regular {1.00 Uwu
J PATTOSIEN'S 16th and Missioi
16th and Mission. YOU SAVE MONEY
Our Guarantee with Every Rug.
9 feet long by 6 feet wide $20
10.6 long by 8 ft. 3 in.wide 28
12 feet long by 9 feet wide 35
WILTON RUGS
One-Third ihe Price of Orientals.
LARGE
THE SWIfT SPECIFIC COMPANY, ATLANTA, OA,
¦¦^^ ¦"^^ . .. ¦ ¦ .^^ fa lj| the flesh heals in a few days,
>«k . . > nature supplying the . healing
£tSi $% 0^ G£ balm in the form of healthy, new blood ; but when the
m B H Bl circulation is tainted with poisonous gerni3, humors or any
M effete matter, : a slight scratch or abrasion : of the skin
becomes a festering sore, turjr pimples to be boils,
'Swollen joints and inflamed glands often Tweak out into offensive, slow healing
sores.^ A polluted blood is always a menace to health ; not only does it keep the
skin in a chronic state of inflammation, but every organ and fibre of .the oody
suffers from an impure and sluggish circulation. You never feel well,' you are not
and never can be well until the system is relieved of its terrible load of impuri-
ties. ,¦ With the : blood, so: contaminated, so deeply poisoned," ulcers,* boils and
sores of every kind ar» apt to become chronic and often develop into Cancer.'
Sores and ulcers are most A _. —. ' .-^'- ,,:.' ¦ . .
often caused by poverty of k. J b A cax £ e affl i ot f? w i th » Bevwe ¦<>'• leg and v
?£ vi jt a* iV r^ J 1 from tha knee to the, foot was one solid sore,
the blood and a^weak and which was very offensfva. I spent over 81,000
slow circulation, brought on on two trips to Hot Springs, and local physi-
by long continued sickness, clang treated zna to no purpose. " I had about
malarial poisoning, torpid deoidod to havo my ¦ legr amputated, when a '
liver, the use%f mercury, or f^*** Educed me to try S. S. 8.^ I begraa to
wliatVv<*r i« miruKtcri +n aZ: take your medlolna, and in the short spue of
¦JSf^h^iS-m w«f iS- w a BOVOn months it has completely and thorou*hly
stroy the vitality of the blood curo4 ma . My ley is a witness today as to what
and break down the constitu- S. S. S. will do when taken regrularly. I The sore
tion. These old chronic sores has healed entirely and my health has improved
last sometimes for years, eat- "wonderfully. I have already grained. 20 pounds.
ing into the flesh, muscles,' ., ft>1 « , J * »« : TA1VBEBT, ¦:¦¦- j , ;-• ;
tisiues, ani even down into Box 245 ' Winona, MIm.
the bones, and are such a tax upon the system that it is hard for the patient to
recuperate/ and a simple malady, often proves fatal. ' '
Nothing 6o quickly or 6urely restores lost strength and vitality to the blood as
8. S. S. It 13 an antidote for the- severest forms of Blood Poison, aa well as the
irritatinff humors that cause the eruptions and sores that sap your very life and so"
greatly disfigure you. . S. S. S. is the only guaranteed purely vegetable blood puri-
fier, : i It contains no mercury { potash; arsenic or other hurtful drug.v;, It cleanses 1
the blood and 1 , purifies 'the circulation, thus ridding the system of the impurities
that keep the sores feverish and painful! At the same time your general health
improves under the tonic effects of S. S. S., and the skin becomes soft, smooth
and healthy. : If ivouare troublpd with boils, carbuncles, sores or eruptions of any,
sort, write, our phyaiciaus" all about your case ;; don't, risk "your. own judgment'
when you can get medical advice from experienced doctors free. Book on Blood
and Skin Diseases to all who desire it. :¦¦•-•' ¦'*-^rt*«a«K»aW4r?i3,'J.* '- -• . ¦«•:
ACCT10R SALE !
REFEREES'
SALE!
BY ORDER OF COURT.
CHOICE" |§
PROPERTIES.
MONDAY,
AUGUST 12. .1901,
At 13 o'clock noon, at salesroom of
G. H. UMBSBN & CO.,
14 MONTGOMERY ST.
No. 813 "WasMngton Street.
Southwest corner Washington and Waverly
place, between Duaont and Stockton sts.; im-
provements consist of three-story brick build-
ings; rents $166 per month. ¦ ,
Nos. 716 and 718 Jackson Street.
North line, between Duppnt and Stockton
sts ; improvements consist of four-story sub-
stantial brick, building; rents $250 per month;
lot 34:4x137:6.
POTKEEO.
The followinr three pieces are in the vicinity
of . properties recently purchased by the Santa
Fe Railroad Company: *
Southeast corner 19th and Wisconsin sts. ;
lot 135xMl.. Irregular.
POTREBO.
Northwest corner 19th and Wisconsin sts.;
lot 67x165, irrezular. -, j
POTREKO.
Northwest corner ISth and Wisconsin its. ;
lot S01il52, lrreeular. ¦ ; .
TOWN8END STREET.
'Between Fourth and Fifth sts., northwest line,
opposite the. Southern Pacific Railroad depot.
This choice holding suitable for manufactur-
ing and warehouse t purposes; lot ' 60x875, Ir-
regular: 2 frontages. J . - •
For further particulars apply to referees.
J. TV HARMES. «28 Market st.
1 : ' O. H. UMBSEN, 14 Montgomery st.
'¦'¦"¦: •'¦' P. J. SULLIVAN, Parrott bldg.
AMERICAN LINE.
KEW TOHK. 80UTHAMPT0N. i X.0R90H.'* PJJU&
: Stopping at 'Cherbourg, westbound.
' ' From New York Wednesdays, at 10 a. m.
St. Paul .August 7fSt- Paul. .....August 23
St. Louts August 14 St. Lcuis.....,..Sept. 4
Philadelphia.. August 21 1 Philadelphia ...Sept 11
RED STAR LINE.
NeW.Yorlc and. Antworpb
v Prom New^Tork Wednesdays, at 13 noon." •
•Vaderland ..August 7 Frlesland ....August 28
Kensington ..August 14 Southwark Sept. 4
•Zeeland . .'....August 21 *Vaderland .....Sept. 11
"."•Stop at Cherbourg, eattbound.' ' -
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO.,
• CHAS. D. TAYLOR.
General Agent Paclflo Coast. 80 Montgomery st.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS Wltli LEAVB WHARB". COR-
I ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai and
connecting at Hongkong, with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on . board ¦ on
day of sailing..' • ¦'-¦.-. . . ,
BS. AMERICA MARtT... Saturday, Aug. 10, 1901
BS.tHONGKONG MARU3...
........... ;.... Wednesday,' September 4.U01
SS. NIPPON MARU. .Friday. September 27. 1301
Round-trip ' tickets : at ¦ reduced. ¦ rates. .- ¦ For
freight and passage apply at company's office,
421 Market ' street, cornei-nrst.. .
ADVisRTTSTTTvrprrrra.
Paclflo Coast Steamship Co.
fc^' J£ u * mar> *•»*• Broadway
Ebfc Wh*rf, San Fronclico:
gB|ia For Alaakan port*— 11 a. m..
ISfc. J"l7 IS. 20, 25. SO, AllXUlt 4.
»*TW«8lfc. Chance to company's iteam-
|X fe&ftva «rs at BeattK
! ES&2N 5M For Victoria, Vaneou-rer CO.
I WMTTwaWU C). Port Townsstul. 8«.ittl«.
1 Tacoma, Ever«tt. Anacortea
an <l New Whatcom (Wa»h.)->
** 11 a. m., July 15, JO. tt, 80.
Aug. 4, «nd every fifth day thereafter. Ch.in*-»
at Seattle for this company's steamer* (or
Alaska and O. N. Ry.; at Seattle or Tacoma
I for N. P. Ry. ; at Vancouver to C P. Ry.
For Eureka and Kumboldt Bay— 1:30 p. m..
July 11. 16, 21. 26. II, Ausr. S, and -every fifth
day thereafter. .
For Pan Diego, atopping only at Santa Bar*
bara. Port Los Anzelea and Redondo (Lo» An-
Keles)— Steamer Panta Rosa. Sundays. 9 a. m.:
steamer State of California. Wednesdays, 9
a. m.
For Los Anreles. calling at Santa Crua.
Monterey. San Simeon. Cayucos, Port Harford
(San Luis Oblapo). Oavlota. Santa Barbara.
Ventura. Hueneme. East San Pedro, San Pe-
dro and •Newport ('Corona only)— Steamer
Corona, Saturdays, 8 a. m.: steamer Bonlta.
Tuesdays, 9 a. m.
For Bnsenada, Magdalena Bay. San Joa« del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata, Jjm. Pas. Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaymas (ilex.)— 10 a. m., 7th each
month.
For farther Information obtain company's
folders.
The company reserves th« right to change
steamers, saillnr dates and hours of saillnr
•without urevlous notice.
TICKET OFFICE -4 N«w Montgomery;
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALU PERKINS A CO., Gen. Arrats.
. 10 Market St.. Saa Francisco.
O.R.&N.CO.
Only Staamahlp Xiln* *o "..
PORTLAND, Or.,
And Short Rail Lino from Portland to all
points East. Through tickets to all
points, all rail or ttteamshfo and rail, at
IiO w jusa ' i ' aFCA-TrErs,.
STEAMER TICKETS INCLUDE BEHTH aad KSAC3.
SS. COLUMBIA ........:
Sails Augr. t 11, 21, 81, Sept 10, 20. 39
SS. GEO. W. ELDER
....Sails A«*. «..18, 28. Sept. 5. 15. 23
D."W.HITCHCOCK.GEN.Agt-.l Montgm'y. S.V. ¦
oeeanics.s.co.=pS
8. S. SIERRA, for Honolulu, Samoa, Xew
Zealand and Au3....Thurs., Aug. 1, 10 a, m.
S. S. AUSTRALIA, 'for Tahiti
..'.' ....1... Tuesday, August 6. 10 a. m.
5. S. MARIPOSA. for Honolulu
Saturday. August 10. 2 p. m.
J. O.SPRECKELS & BROS. CO.. emera! Agents. 327 Karbttt
fien'l Pa&ngtr OfScs, 843 Harkat St., Piir Is. 7. PaoDe St
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION GO.
And CIA SUD AMERICANA OB VAPORES
To Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican, Central
and South American ports. Sailing from How-
ard 3. Pier 10. 12 m.
ACONCAGUA.. Aus. 6IGUATEMALA...AU8-. 23
PERU Aug. UlPALENA ....Sept. 4
These steamers are built expressly for Cen-
tral and South American passenger service.
?No change at Acapulco or Panama.) Freight
and passenger office. 313 California street.
BALTOUR. GUTHRIE & CO.. Gen. Agents.
PANAMA R. R.
TO NEW YORK VIA PANAMA DIRECT.
Cabin. $105; Steerage. $40; Meals Free.
6. 6. Argyll saila Mon liy. Ang. 12
9. 8. Letlansw calls Monday, Aug. 28
S. 8. Arftyll •nVm Tuesday, Sept. 24
From Stenart street at 2 p. m.
Freight and passenger office, 330 Market st.
F. F. CONNOR. Paclflo Coast Agent.
COMPAONIB eSKXBALB TBAN3ATLANTIQUS
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. ' m~~:
Sailing every Thursday. Instead of SVJK
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from oier 43. «aa«B«Bai
North RlTer. foot of Morton street; 1* Cham-
Dagne. August 1; La Gascogne. August 8;
•V Aqultalne, August 15; La Normandie. Au-
fFirst class to Havre.' $70 and upward. Second
class, to Havre. $45 and upward. GENERAL
AOENCT FOR UNITED STATES and CAN-
ADA, 13 • Broadway (Hudson building), New
York. J. F. FUOAZI A CO., Pacltto Coast
Agents, S Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents. ¦
Twin Screw Exoref Steamers. ¦¦¦>
BAY AND RIVEifc STEAMERS.
FOR U. S. NAVY YARD AND : VALLEJO.
'* Steamers GET. FRISBIE or MONTICELLO
1:43 a. m., 1:13 and *:M p. m., except Sun-
day." Sunday, . t'M ¦•> m., »:30 p. m. Leaves
;Vall«Jo .la. m.. 11:30 noon. • p. m.. exoepe
¦ Sunday. Sunday. T a. xn.. 4:15 p. m. Wmx% N
cents. Telephone Mala IMS. X*ndlng and of « '
•?•> P 1 !* * Mlaatoa*U floefc HATCH BBOdL
If, you neeci remnants, and you certainly do, how is the
time to get them while the remnant sale is on. Don't wait
a day, .for the best will soon be picked tip by early shop-
pers. Hundreds of remnants on the tables for the first time
to-morrow. Those who have bought before will find many
new things. Here are a few to give you an idea.
LOT NO. I -
This. lot contains remnants of WINDSOR CHEVIOT SUITINGS.
.in shades of Oxford f?ray, from 2. to 5 yards long — a splendid material
for short tramping suits, Eton suits, cycling costumes, etc. — a fine,
. firm, 50-inch dust-proof fabric, which has always sold far 75c a yard-
any remnant in this lot..:..... 1 25c Yard
" For. safe at Market-street store only.
LOT NO* St—-
Miscellaneous remnants of DRESDEN NOVELTY SUITINGS and
all-wool checks — mostly dark colorings, from 34 to 36 inches wide—
in stripes and small patterns— for children's school dresses, wrappers,
etc.— usually sold at 25c, 35c and 40c a yard— any remnant in ' the lot
13c Yard
For safe at Market-street store only. ¦ ?r ;¦;/,,%• k
LOT NO. 3-
Remnants of - ENGLISH HOMESPUN SUITINGS-* very neat,
serviceable cloth for summer suits — 38 inches wide— in shades of blue
" and gray mixtures — this cloth usually retailed at 25c and 30c a yard-
any remnant in the lot 10c Yard
For sale at Market-street store only.
LOT NO. 4—
• BLACK AMAZON CLOTH-^-a strictly all-wool material— 52 inches
wide^ — fast midnight black — sponged and shrunk and ready, for use^ —
just the thing for separate skirts, Eton Suits, etc.— it is the heavy qual-
ity that usually sold for 75c and 85c a yard — any remnant in the lot
••••••• 4t>c Yai> d
' "¦¦ ' s -> For sale at Market-street 'store only.
Remnants From the Domestic Department
A REMNANT SALE OF CHALLIES—
Used for ladies' waists, wrappers and children's dresses — a very elegant
assortment of the desirable lengths— a fine wool-finished fabric in new
blues— navy and royal — small, medium and large dots — our 15c quality:
any remnant in the lot 5c Yard
For sale at Market-street store only.
RBMNANT^SALE OF COMFORTERS—*
'Big, extra heavy comforters for double beds — filled with white, sani-
v tary cotton— neat Persian patterns and a good value at $1.15 each—
» these are odds and ends and will be closed out as remnants at
OOc Each
For sale at Market-street store only.
REMNANT SALE OF BLANKETS-
A small lot of California wool blankets have accidentally become
soiled — these are bier enough for double beds — fine wool fleece and
will wear well— a beautiful finish (in fact, they are our great $4.00
grade); any soiled blanket in the lot $2.05 pair
For sale at Market-street store only.
—^^^—^-^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^—^— w
! . _. . ... .. . . . . — ... —Mrs. Kirsch Loses Her Fight
Henry "Windt. the tanner. ha3 at last
obtained possession of the bouse ttt Twen
ty-fourth street and Treat avenue, which
was claimed by Mrs. Elizabeth Kirsch.
When the case against Mrs. Kirsch.
charged ' -with unlawful possession off a
house, was called In Judge Cabaniss' court
yesterday Wirdt'a attorney was able to
satisfy the Judge and Airs, Klrseh's at
torney that he was the rightful owner of
th» building:, and ilrs. Kirsch promiaeKt
to vacate the plaee without eausinff AVlndt
any further troub!?. The case was con
tinued till September 1 to see If tho will
keep her promise.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
County of Kinross, from New Tork, for Port
land, Or. .
ANTWERP— Arrived July 25— Br ship Queen
Victoria, from Portland.
ACAPULCO— Arrived July 10— Danish ship
Jupiter, from Barry- ¦-. • .
SANTA ROSALIA— Arrived June 25-Dutcn
ship Nederland, from Hamburg.
MANILA— Arrived July 25-Ship Wm H Con
ner, from Newcastle. Aus.
Sailed July 16— Ship Susquehanna. for Hong
kong.
ANTWERP— Sailed July 27— Stmr Kenslngr
ton, for New York.'
HAVRE— Sailed July !7— Stmr 1a Norman
dl«.
LIVERPOOIr-Salled July 27— Stmr Campa
nia, for New York, ¦ , *
QUKENSTOWN- Sailed July JT— Stmr Celtic,
from Liverpool, for New York.
SOUTHAMPTON— Sailed July 57— Stmr St
Paul, for New York, via Cherbourg.
• NAPLES-Salled July Z7-Stmr Calabria, for
N«w York. ¦ ' . ' • '
CHERBOURG— Sailed July ST— Stmr I>eut»ch
land, from Hamburc and -Southampton, for.
Naw York: *tn»r St "Paul, from Southampton,
for New York, . ,
BRKMKN-SaUed July S7-8tmr KoenlKen
l.ul«e>. from N«w York, for Southampton.
JJKW YORK- Arrived July W— Stmr Klrurlw.
from Wverpool and Queenstown; «mr Califor
nia, from Narlw, etc. „
Hailed July 37-Stmr Nlnnehaha, for fcondon;
stmr Vhtlakt*U>hla, for Ltvenwal: utmr Mesa
ha. for tendon: utrnr Rotterdam, for Rotter
dam, via lioulosne: stmr Ethiopia, for Ol»».
goxv, via Movtlle; «tmr l.uownU. fo»- Qu<*n»
xtfKn and Liverpool; stmr ttnw WRlderw*, for
Hamburg, vl& Plymouth and Cherbourg; stmr
UulKrtitn, for Hamburg and Boulogne; nmr
Canadian, for X^tveroool.
HONGKONG— Arrived prior to July 37— Slmr
Taeoma. from Tacoma, via Hlogo, etc.
AUCKLAND-Salled July 57, J p m-8tmr So
noma. from Sydney, N8\V, for San FrancUco,
via Apia and Honolulu.
Steamer Movements.
TO AUUIVE.
TO SAIL..
FROM SEATTLE,
New Teachers Will Be Elected.
The substitute list of school teachers
tvill be exhausted In about thre* months,
according to Director Mark. This will
necessitate the election of new teachers
Into th* department. Thirty teachers on
the substitute and day unasslgn<Hi list
have be*>n preset*! Into service and In
pome eases «>\'t>niriir school pubsttrate hax'e
bten apstRned to day duty. The board has
not yet adopted a plan for the election ot
new teacher*, but It la understood that
an eligible list will be formed by com
tetlttv* examinations and by oihsr
method* yet to t>e adopted.
agreed to take it up. In a short time
$1,000 was subscribed and as much more
is in sight. It was then decided to go on
with the undertaking n
The coal question has hitherto been the
main obstacle in the navigation of the
upper waters of the Sacramento. Each
steamer haa to carry enough coal to bring
her home sfiid that took up nearly all the
space, leaving little room for freight. The
nev* towboats are to use oil as fuel, how
ever, and the oil men have agreed to de
liver the stuff at whatever points are
agreed upon on the Sacramento. Tho
barges are each to have a capacity of 400
tons and the rate is to be not more than
$150 per ton from all points on the Sac
ramento to Port Costa. The fleet will
probably be built by Matthew Turner at
Jlenlela.
"We expect to be ready to begin carry
ing freight In six months." said Captain
Hatch yesterday. "The Southern Factne
has* been forced to give pood freight ana
passenger rate* to Vallejo at reasonable?
rates, and we are going to force them to
« lower flsrura for the wheat of the Sacra
mento Valley. 1 leave for Colusa to-mor r
row or Tuesday and on my return tne
articles ot incorporation will be ready for
flllnjr. The farmers will own a largo in
terest tn th© concern and Hatch Bros*.
wM manaire It. The Southern Pactnc has
bwn trylnK for seven years to run us off
the VMleJo route and have failed, ana
one* we start the Colusa route we will
make It stttk. " Mark my words, next year
you will see wheat being carried from
Sacramento Valley points to Port Costa
tor Ji CO per ton. and maybe less."
PILOT FRANK MURPHY RETIRES
After Forty Years of Active Service
He Gives Up the Sea,
At the next meeting of the Pilot Com
missioners a change will be made In the
personnel of the pilot force. Captain
Frank Murphy has decided to retire and
his place will be filled by the appointment
of Captain M. Anderson. • ,
Of all the pilots now in commission Cap
tain Murphy Is perhaps the best known
and best liked. Quiet, unassuming, cour
teous nnd before all a past master In his
business, he has made friends wherever
he went. Some time ago he began to
suffer from rheumatism and not long ago
his wife died. Then he decided to retire
from active service, but every time he de
cided to senu in his resignation some
thing occurred to make him change his
mind. This time ho made up his mind
for good and last Thursday he went out
on the Lady Mine for his last cruise.
Captain Murphy was appointed a pilot
In July, 1S62, and during his thlrty-nlno
years of service he never had an acci
dent. His judgment Is unerring and ship
masters trust him Implicitly. Ho will be
missed on the front more than any man In
the service. .
Captain Anderson, who will succeed
Captain Murphy, is well known on the
coast. He has been in the service of
Charles Kelson and ths Charles Kelson
Company for the past fifteen years, and
during that time was master of tho
schooner Laura Pike, steamers Lakme.
Centennial and Charles Nelson. He Is a
skillful navigator, a clever seaman and
very popular among the shipping men.
It Is understood that the change will take
place next Thursday.
Will Race to Honolulu.
The barks Ivalulanl and Diamond Head
said the schooner Irene Vent to »ea in a
bunch yesterday. The two ' former are
going to race to Honolulu, but the Irene
par(cd company with them at the hend»
und started up the coast for Port Gamble,
¦where she will load lumber. The Diamond
Head and Kalulanl both made lone runs
from the Islands to this port, tho former
taking twenty-two days and the latter
twenty-four days to cover ' tha distance.
Captain IVtorspn of - the Diamond Head
claims it was a fair and • square race,
but. Captain Dabel of the- Kalu
lanl aeBerts It was a fluke, • In
any *vent Peterson says he will
prove that his veasel won on her merits
by beating tho Kalulanl to Honolulu,
while Dabel asserts his vessel will beat
the Diamond Head by at least four days.
Both vessels were to have sailed at S p.
tn., but owing to seme of the freight beln*c
late it was two hours later before they
got away, They both towed to the light
ship and then had to. beat out. to *ea
against a stronar southwent breose. The
central invpreHaTon on' the front Is that
the Kalulanl will win the race.
Movements of Ocean Stenmera,
The Oceanlo 8t«arnahtp Company's Ala«
xntQ* bo romJy to go Into commlwian
Again tiif flnt vre*k tn Auwunt, Bhe win
not make, her first r trip, however, until
Aueuat si, when the will taJte up' th«
MartimBtt'a run to Honolulu, Slnca nhe
imn hwn in votli^mem tha Alnm^dtv lint
h«»l new botkin «ml ft refnfreratlng \\U\\\
mit In, her f>naln^ii have hwi clmnK^l
from ronuwund to trlplt* expanitlon nnd nil
h*r ?ntitn<iipeammG<tattnn» hrvve Uefn r««
tnoiiHed, On hw trial trip *hp I* ftxp?et«
nl to innkn about covoniotMt Unotts, am)
should ih^rfforc make rtseorti runs on th«
Honolulu route. Purser T. Smith, who
hat b*>en on & vUlt to Europe, Is baeK
eifatn and will resume his old position on
the A1n*icdn,
Wh«>n the Alnmoiln is aealn in commta
•Jon tho Marlpoaa will b« withdrawn «uid
Shipping Intelligence.
! ARRIVED.
Saturday, July 27.
Stmr « Pleiades, Smith, N daya from Phlla
dlephla, via Bt Luciai 74 days, via Coronel 26
Stmr Newburr. Petersen. 6i hours from
Gray, Harbor.
Saturday, July 17.-
Bark Kalulanl. Dabel. Honolulu; Williams.
Hnrk Diamond Head. Peterson, Honolulu;
Williams, Dlmond & Co.
BAILEa T , J" A ;
Saturday, July 17.
Stmr Geo ' W Elder, Randall, Astoria.*
Stmr Ban Pedro, Jahnsen, Eureka.
Stmr Corona, Gielow, San Pedro.
Stmr South Coast, OUen, — .
Btmr Greenwood. Facerlund. Greenwood.
Btmr Arcata, Nelson, Coos Bay.
Btmr Alliance. Hardwlck. Astoria.
Stmr Watihtenaw Zolllnv, Tacoma.
Br «tmr Carlisle City, Patereon, Hongkong,
via Ban Dleso.
Hark Kalulanl, Dabel, Honolulu. -
Bark Diamond Head. Peterson, Honolulu. .
Schr Irene. Mitchell, Port Gamble.
Bchr Challenger, Andersen, Puret Sound.
Schr Ln Gironde, Haniten, Eureka. "
Schr Win* and Wine. Hansen. Bluslaw
Schr Ellsa Miller,; Chrlstensen. Coon Bay. ',
Schr Ktwark. Crnnrle, lver**ns Landing. •
.TELEGRAPHIC
POINT LOROS. July S7. 10 p m— Weather
thick: wind SW. velocity IS miles par hour. • ,
CORRECTION.
The reported arrival of the Br stmr Gleneak
at London on July 25 was an error.
. spokkn. ' .
- July IS, lat S 8, Ion S2 W— Fr bark Pierre
Lotl, from Swansea, for San Francisco.
June SS, lat It N, Ion 23 W— Br ahlp Ancona,
from Tacoma, for Queenstown. ¦ ; <
I'er stmr Plelades~-July 8. lat tS 8. Ion TS M
W— Hr bark Clvdeadale, from Junln. for Ban
Francisco. July 16, lat 8 SI N, Ion 10S IS W—
Uer ship; showing letters HSC V, -. r'\
DOMESTIC ' PORTS,
TACOMA— Sailed July 27— U 8 stmr Ksbert,
for Alaaka, via Seattle, ¦
Arrived July 8T— Hr stmr Aljroa, from Seattle;
Br stmr Puka ot v\U, from ilontkong,
HUA'ITUV-Arrlved July 8T-U.8 *tmr War*
ion, (vom Bt MUhuel, towing II 8 stmr He
ward. .
Hailed July JT— flr stmr AIr.>», for Taooma,
Called July n-nnnr Uoanctks. for Nome, -
Arrived July tT-*<tmr CUy of S«atu», from
Bhaguav; \1 ft •wvr Kgbert, from Taeama,
U«AY8 HAltlKiU— Hajled 4mIv 8T-8ohr K»«
na, for Hanta »<> ».\\\*i «ehr W ** \\'l<wm«n,
tor Pan KmMPtttW, %
»ANriSl)UO-^*U»»«J July IT-etmr Alcawr,
HT MieJIA«t#~ln wrt July IS-Btrnp llya-"
,| a ». mUr ltalbna, a«hr Aohort « < Iltnd, ¦¦ fir
*tn»r lU'eklnphmn and «tmr i>n«mau«h,
AHTOUlA-«««n^ July JT-atmx OolumbU,
fnr 8*n ¦Pr«i\elm»,
KUHKKA— Arrived . July 5T-8tmr Pomena,
h«»mM» July W. ..
MAN Dlttoo-dalled Jxily aT-*tmr Aberdt^n,
tov Hnn FmndBW. -•¦>.• ¦ .
VKNTUIU-Anlwd July M-«tmr Qw Loo«
mU,. hence July SS, and tailed July S« tor Ban
PORT i'OWNBUND-raaeed In July 87— Br
Captain George B. Leavltt of the steam
whaler Balaena makes the following report
concerning the reef upon ¦which hl» veosel
The reef extends in a 8. SW. direction from
the end of Cape Chitnak, eouth^Bide of 8t.
Lawrence Island, for a distance of one mile,
then turning to the S. SE. for a distance of
two miles. At extreme low water the part of
the reef running to the S. SW. Is out of water.
There is a depth of ten feet on the S. BE. end
of the reef at high water. The longitude of
the cape Is correct, the latitude 'four miles too
fur to tha north. BearinKS given are ra«e
netlc. C. G. CALKINS.
Lieutenant Commander, U. S. N., in charge.
Notice to Mariners.
Hatters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping Merchants.
Th« PalmyrA will load lumber »t Port
Gamble .tor Valparaiso for orders, 65s, or Cal
lao, Ms «d, prior to arrival: th« Tanner, lum
ber at nUkeley for Honolulu: th« Vlklnf,
merchandise here for Mexican ports.
NDWS OF THE OCEAN.
The tramp steamship Pleldes arrived
from Phlladeplhla yesterday and probably
will ,£6. into the coast trade. She was
eighty-three days making the run. A stop
was made at San I^ucia for coal and on
June 24 she had to put into Coronel owing
to losing nearly all the bladea of her
propeller. The Pleidea brings a cargo ot
S173 tons of coal and general merchandise
consisting of whisky. Iron pipe, canned
goods ana hardware.
The steamship St. Paul -will get swav
for Nome, to-morrow. Shet will finish
loading to-day and will then drop Into tha
stream. Her owners ar« afraid that a
genera! mrike will 1 oe ordered anil will
keep the entire crew Aboard from to-night
on.
Th* pilot boat America was out on a
Pleasure cruise yesterday. She has been
laid up a month for nn overhauling and
Is now as trim as a yacht. Captnln Fred
Jordan had a party of friends out with
him.
Water Front Notes.
alterations ,will be made to her similar to
those that have been made to the Ala-
If the English mails are not delayed the
Sierra will sail for Australasian ports on
time next Thursday. Freight for her does
not seem to be affected by the strike, and
over S00 tons of goods had been received
up to yesterday. It looks as^though the
mail boat would be. loaded with all the
freight she can carry.
= axtt AMD DIAMOND HEAD FOR HONOLULU AND THE SCHOONER IRENE WENT OUT IN
TH \ B bSn?^es^RDAt the ?cSo2ner JSes topoget sound, but the two barksare going to
RACE TO THE ISLANDS. '
BEJIA2JDS TO BE PLACED
IN FORMER POSITION
anss McKenzie Protests to School
Board and Claims Still to Be
a Principal.
Miss Margaret McKenzie has addressed
a protest, through her attorneys, Camp
bell. Metson & Campbell and Henry E.
Hlghton. to Superintendent of Schools R.
H. Webster, Mrs. Mary Kincaid, Cecil "W.
Mark, John B. Casserly and Jamts Den
man, members of the Board of Educa
tion, against being dismissed from the
School Department. In the protest the
proceedings of the board are reviewed,
and Miss McICenzie says that when she
vacated the Hancock schoolhouse she
yielded to. the superior force then and
there exhibited. Through the action of
the board, she says, she is prevented from
resuming and performing her duties as
principal of the Hancock Grammar
School, but she if ready and has at all
times been ready to continue her ser
vices either as principal or in any other
position of enual rank and with the same
ealary attached to which she might be
assigned by the board; and she ho!ds her
self and has held herself subject to the
orders of the Superintendent of Schools.
Her protest, which is against the entire
proceedings, is based on the claim j that
the board had no jurisdiction or authority
tinder the laws of the State, and especiai
ly under the provisions of the existing
city charter, because the charges had not
been submitted nor had any complaints
relating thereto been submitted to the Su
perintendent of Schools, nor had he sub
mitted any of them to the Board of Edu
cation. She demands restoration to an
«Hjual position in the department, and no
tifies the members of the beard that she
is still principal of the Hancock School
and still in the service of the School De
partment, her ousting having been llle
pal. and that she will regularly demand*
the payment to her of the salary of prin
cipal of the Hancock School.
Receives Fatal Injuries in Su
perintending Removal of
Old Lift.
( ,
J. O. McG*orire, euperintendent for Ma
honey Bros., fell do\rn en elevator shaft
In the Crocker estate's new building at
First and Mission streets yestenSay and
received Injuries from which h« died in
the Harbor Hospital * *« w hours later.
The deceased was employed In mipervis
lns the removing of a temporary elevator
In the building. Ho was on th.o fourth
floor when a falling beam, struck him and
knocked him head first Into the sS*ft. He
fell three stories clear and theta struck
two beams one after the other, finally
landing at the bottom of the shaft.
The workmen rushed to the scene and
found Mr. McGeortre still conscious. An
ambulance was called and the dying man
removed to the hospital. At his request
Dr. Gallwey. his family physician, was
summoned and he and brs. Murphy and
Von der Leilh dressed his wounds. Sev
eral of his ribs were broken, his left leg
fractured in two places and there were a
number of abrasions, besides Internal in
juries. Everything possible was done for
him and he lingered until 1 p. nr?i when he
passed away. . ....
Deceased was well known In building
trade circles. He euperintended the erec
tion of many of San Francisco's tall
buildings and never had , an accident.
Yesterday everything seemed to be pro
gressing favorably until a beam loosened
Ind struck him in He fall. Mr. Mc-
Georg-e's two sons were with him when lie
passed away and later followed the body
to the Morsue. The family livea at 33^
Elm avenue.
KILLED IN AN
ELEVATOR SHAFT
J. G. McGeorge Falls
Pour Stories to His
Death. \
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 28, 190tl
stmr Duke of Fife, from Yokohama; U S stmr
Warren, from St Michaels, to wins U a stmr
Seward. ¦. : ¦..; .¦..-.. ¦> •¦¦ , • .-¦
Sailed outward July 27— Ger ship Columbia,
for United Kingdom, and not schr Columbia,
as previously reported on same date.
NEAH BAY— Passed In July 27. at 10 a m—
Stmr Arctic, hence July 21," for Seattle.
Passed - Inward July . 27*-Stmr Rainier, . hence
July 23:>«tmr South Portland, from Nome.
Passed out July 27— Br stmr Aoranxi. for
Brisbane; bktn Portland, for San Francisco.
PORT GAMBLE— Sailed July 27— Schr Hono
.lulu, for South Africa. .
FOREIGN PORTS.
VALPARAISO — Sailed July 27-rGer ttmr
Memphis, for San - Francisco.
MAZATLAN— Sailed July 17— Chll stmr Acon
,. cagua, for San Francisco. „
Sailed July 27-Stmr City of Sydney, for San
• : Francisco.
KNSENADA— Sailed July 2&-Stmr Curacao,
for Han Francisco.
. YOKOHAMA — Arrived July 27 — Br atmr
¦ i poric, hence July 9. • . ¦ ,¦
' CALLAO— Sailed July 12— Br ship Melpo
mene, for" San Francl3co.
PANAMA-Salled May 8-Nor bark Cara, for
. ' Port Townsend. ¦
\ SHANGHAI-Arrlved about July 16— Br ship
The Farmers of Colusa and the' Upper Portion of the River Make Arrange
ments With Hatch Brothers to BuHd and Operate Two Sternwheel
Steamers and Six Scows to Carry Grain From Jhere to Port Costa
OPPOSITION TOWBOATS AND BARGES
TO CARRY WH EAT ON THE SACRAMENTO
REALTY MARKET
HOLDS UP WELL
Prices at Private Sales
and Auction Show
. ' Confidence.. - :
Brokers Give Long Lists of
Transactions Just
< Perfected. ," ¦"
the. city front (Ml«alon**treet ' wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height ot tide Is the same at both places.
No. 2719 Pacific avenu?. US feet west from
Scott street; No. 711 Leavenworth street, 110
feet north from Po«t street; No. S904 Uush
street. » R0 ¦ feet ¦ west from Lvon* No. 928 Oak
street. '90:10, feet west from Pierce street: Nos.
31H to 3132 Twenty-firm street. ISO feet west
from Howard; Nos. 324 and 324<i Guerrero
street and Noa, 7 nnd 7Vj Sptnce street: Not.
802 and 806 Elitaheth street, ISO feet west from
Douslnss street: building lot on tho south line
ot Hill street, K.Q feet east from Noe, 25x114;
• A special credit sale will bo held by
Easton, Eldrldge & Co. at 638 Market
street at noon on Tuesday. August 6. The
properties include the following:
Special Credit Offerings.
Mrs. Flora E. Albcrtsen and W. T.
Albertsen have sold a lot 48 by '137:6 on
the west line of Powell street, twenty-two
feet south from O'Farrell, with three
story building of two stores and rooming
house upstairs, rent for $350 a month, for
JOI',500. • Burnham & Marsh Co. were the
agents to close the transaction. The same
firm sold the lot on the corner of Mason
Btreet and Dikeman place, one block
west from the Albortsan property, 20 by.
60, last October for $20,000 to if. Holje, and
resold the same this month at an advance
of JGOOO to H. Ravn; also two flats and
lot 80 by 140 on the west line of Pierce
street, 108 feet north from Fulton, to J.
8. Harlan for $12,000.
The Arg-yle, on the north line ot McAllister
street, 87:6 feet east from Larkln, to H. W\
Postlethwalte for L. H. Sly, $130,000: Nos. 1220
and 1222 Vnllrjo street, 102 feet east from
Hyde, lot 43x137:6 feet, for Rebecca. Irwin to
William Meinbercr: lot on the south, line of
Clay street; 87:6 feet east from Cherry, J5x
102:8V«. for $1600; 193 acres of Walnul vineyard
at Saratoga to L. H. Sly tor Herbert Postle
thwalte, , for $40,000: also for same seller to
same buyer, the Orarl orchard and vineyard
at Saratoga, corflalnlng 49 .acres, for $13,000;
the Bryan ranch at Orland, Glenn County,
containing 920 acres, for C. P. Howes, S25.0O0;
the Newana vineyard and winery at. Moun
tain View. Santa Clara County, containing: 100
acres, for T. K. Houston. $20,000; lots 6, 7 and
9, Mezea Tract, San Mateo, for the Meres es
tate to Ernest Haquette, for $3475; lots 7 and 8,
in block 4, Sunnyslde tract. Mill Valley, to
M. M. O'Shauchnessy; lot S, in block 12, same
tract, to J. H. Mclnnes: lot 8, In block 18,
same tract, to Mary Hansen; lots 17 and is, in
block 13, same tract, to William McCann;
southwest VI 1 section in T. 14 a.. R, 21 E.,
Fresno County, for $$0M; 640 acres in T. 14 S.,
R. 21 K., Fresno County, $31,000; 400 acres in
the south H section 7, T, 31 S.. It. 29 K., Kern
County, for $$000. %
Recent sales are reported by McAfee
Brothers as follows:
City and Suburban.
Lot oa the southwest corner of Jones and
"Lombard streets, 137:6x137:6 feet. Improvements
2273 Jones street, price $23,000: lot on th« north
line ot Lombard street. 122:6 feet west from
Taylor, ii;«xis?;6 feet. $72.50; lot on the north
line of Union street, M:2 feet east from Pierce.
:sxhX> feet, Klixa lUachen to Robert O. Bar
ton, IISWj lot oa th« north line of Plwitreet,
115:3 feet west from Stockton, SSx5l:« fwt, with
1. of $0x19 feot, C. B. Elliot to James Paptna.
I&C4; lot on the south line of California street.
1W t*+i east from Webster, SSxl37;« fe«t, house
«t 2223 California, Helen Dlxon to Kunnl* U
Tyler, $W00; lot on the north lln«rof Union
street, 1*1 fwt ea»t from Webtteiv S4xWT;« fwt,-
A«WI« I*, fernvn to CUra A. Otbernon, *S«0:
lot on th» »ouihea»t ?orn«r of Waphlneton and
l,y«>n street*. 31:3x100 feet, C MeuxlorlTer to
John lAlrd, }(000; lot on th« cnvt line of Vlor*
Ida »tr**t, 150 fe»t north fit>m V'luhtwnth, lOx
100 f<x>t, ««tAt* Ot WtllUm Allen to Alexander
Mnseo, tiSOO; lot on th« »t*t line cvf t'tnekney
alley, north from Hroadway, SOxST:* fe«t, lm
pmvements old, |i2oO; lot on the couth line of
California »tr*et, w*t from Weboter, JSxlS7:«
fe«t, Oeors« Koarnn to lt«len C. plxon, ttOOn:
lot on the north line ot X street, 32:* east or
Twelfth avenue, 7&xlOO feet, to Slater* of
Mercy, I7C0.
Block founded by Kentucky, Illinois. Tolo
and Yulia streets, purchased for the Santa
Fe Railroad company for $22,500; from the
Potrero Land and Water Company to the
Southern Pacific Company, north line of Army
street, 23 feet west of Pennsylvania. 75x100
feet, for $2000; from F. W. Fuller to Joslah E.
Allison, lot 52x120 on the east line of Twenty
sixth avenue, 1S6 feet north of Lake street,
for $1QCO: Victor H. Robinson to Michael La
cey, lot 20x69 feet, with house, on the south
line of Shialey street. 262 feet east of Fourth
street, for J2750; Kosina Barton to John F.
Byrne, lot 36x117:6 on the east line of Dolores
street. 147 feet south of Twenty-second street,
for J23C0; Louis Friedlander to George J. Hans,
lot 25x112:6. with improvements, on the west
line of Larkln street, 77:6 south of Pacific, for
$11,230; F. H. Woods Trust to John H. Mc-
Gaw, lot 22:10x68:9, with improvements, on
t;ie west line of Powell street, 45:10 north of
Clay street, for J4500: from the Slaters of
Mercy to Archbishop Riordan. -lot 60x205 feet
on the west line of Tenth street. 800 feet south
of Howard street, for $7000.
The Von Rheln Real Estate Company
has -sold the following properties:
Lot 34:4^x67:6 on the west line of Sansome,
34 :4Vi feet < north from Pacific, with 2-story
brick building, for Thomas 11 Lyons, for JSOOO;
lot 41:3x137:6 on the north line of Broadway,
93:4 feet" east from Baker, for P. W. Bridge to
!•- B. Buckley.
O. D. Baldwin & Son report transactions
as follows:
Benjamin M. Gunn & Co. report thefol
lowing sales:
Sales Recently Hade.
Madison & Burke have sold to Elizabeth
Funger for the estate of Morris Freud
a lot 25x120 feet on the north line of Hayes
street, between Franklin and Gough, with
two frame dwellings, the p_rice being $8000.
Madison & Burke have purchased for
Frederick Tillmann the residence of the
late William F. Goad on the northwest
corner of Gough and Washington streets.
The sellers were represented by Hooker
& Lent.
The transactions In city realty that
were recorded during the week amounted
to something 1 more than a' quarter of a
million dollars. ' The largest actual sale
recorded was of property on the north line
of McAllister street, 87:6 feet east from
Larkih, from L. H. and Lizzie Sly to H.
W. Postlethwalte for $64,000; Mrs. Sarah
W. Miller has transferred >]>er property In
this city to the Las Anlmas and •¦ San
Joaquin Land Company. The. brokers are
hopeful for the future.
The excavation for the foundations of
the large office building to be placed on
the old site of, 1 the Baldwin Hotel Is
steadily progressing. Bovee, • Toy [ &
Sonntag will have two stories placed on
the Starr King building, on Geary street,
and the upper stories will be used for 223
onices, while the ground floor will be re
served for stores. The cost of "the Im
provements will be about $65,000. . The
building is owned by Parker i Whitney.
The Meyer Estate Company will erect a
six-story building on the northeast corner
of Sixth and Minna streets, which has
been -leased before constructed, the period
of the lease being ten years. The struc
ture will cost $90,000. A. i J. Rich & Co.
acted for the company in the making of
the lease. n . ,
G. H. Umbsen & Co. will, auction two
50-vara lots on Stockton, Bay and North
Point streets at their salesrooms on Mon
day, the 29th insL
SUNDAY, JUI4Y JS,
Sun, Moon And Tide.
United ' Statci Co«»t and OecNjttle Burr»y—
Titian ¦ »nd H«lBhtt of High and Low
Waters at Port Palnt, - •ntrane* to Bun
KrancUco Cay. Published by official \au»
: |» thorlty of the Superintendent. ; ¦ .
NOTK—The hts;h and low waters -occur at
Time Ball.
Braneh lTydroirarhlQ Ofn«f», tT, H, N.; M»r
vimnis* «\oh^»s?, ,8«n Franelsco, C»U»
July* 87, lwu,
Th» thi«» tall cm the tnwer rt thi new Fmy
bullcllnt whb «i«im<i>oiI hi exactly norm to»rtay—
I. *., «t noon nr. the iWth •xerldUn, or at •
o'clock p, n»,, Oi-*enwleh tlm*. * -
• 'G. IK CAMCIN8,
Tilwtcnunt Commsntlfr, \I, 8, N,, In chars*,
NOTR— In the above expedition of th<» tm*«
the w\fly mornln« tide* «r« Riven In the left
hnnd dMvimn *nd th# *ueeeuMv« XMtt of th»
t)ay In lh# «nlff of ece«rw>ne« «n u> ttm« e(
dnys'tho ihtrd'ttmt column Rlvtn the l»it tld<>
of the *Uy, exempt wh»n th»r« ar« hut thr*e
tliir*, rtB m\mi>tlm«>» nofuri>. Th« h«lRhtt jrlv«n
*r* In tutitttton to the tmin<ilngi on the untt«d
tUftttt C«««t 5 Bur^y ehRrti, #xe*nt . wh»n . a
minus («i tlgn jiv«>oMc» the he!«ht, *nd then
the numlwr given Ik subtracted from the tieptn
fttven by. the eharta. .ThepUne of reference U
the moan of the lower low water*. -^\
Bun rises,.,, ..,,„,,.,.,,...,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,, &;0.i
sun sets. .,.,,,,.,,.,, „.,,.,, .,,.,,..,,,,,.,..,,;.T::a
Moon sou.,,,, I.,...,,.,,,,,,.,.,.,.,.,,, ,3;;8 a, m.
\V, T. Fiphor, ReootT«r
Of the California. 8ha* Co. wlUjto-mor*
row *ell lft»1t«V «ho«« and ttea worth 13,50
each and every pair; of th«m for Me *
pair. He will Mil -.but one pair to each
lvataen. This I* ft BPceUl offer, and >*ou
had better taka. advantage** of th» oppor
tunity. It Is by all mean* the bent netee
tlon ever offered In this city. Come around
and you will buy a pair of either ladteV
shoes or ties that cost $2.50 for BOc » pntr
at the Bankrupt 8al« of Bhoes, U0« Mar
ket street, above City Hall avtnu*. . -:•
RETAIL DRUG CLEBKS
WILL HOLD* REUNION
Association Appoints Committees for
the Affair and Elects Officers
for Ensuing Term.
The San Francisco-Drug Clerks' Asso
ciation, Local Council No. 472, which Is
affiliated with the Retail Clerks' Interna
tional Protective Association, will hold Its
first annual reunion at Sunset Park, Santa
Crut Mountains, on August 11 and 18. The
drug clerks have recently organised for
tho purpose of Inducing the pdbllc to
make all ordinary purchases b-afore 9
o'clock p. m. Arrangements, however,
will be made for the compounding of phy
sicians' prescriptions at all hours of the
day or night as heretofore. At a recent
meeting of the association, presided over
by N; Schwartf, the following officers were
Installed for the ensuing, term:
. N. P. Wynne, president; E. J. Molony, vice
president; l\ A. DuboU, second vice president:
M. K. t-ulmrtoh, recording- secretary: O. Kast
lan<L corresponding secretary; J, M. V. Eltel,
flnituMul recretary; W. H. Adalr, treasurer; H.
A. Gerdes, culde; O. L, Gerard, guardian;
trustees— D. < L, Perrone, V. L. de Ftjueredo.
O. A. Heuter.
Committee on hours— J, ¦ H. Hubachek-. chair
man; B. J. Molony, U Burks, aeerge M. Suth
erland, AV. \V. 8eay.
8oct*l committee— A, II. Hosr, chairman; W.
E, Perrj', H. A. Gerties.
Awttation oomtnlttewrN, 8chwarts It. H.
Robb, >
The drug clevks are obliged to have two
days for their reunion. It Is Im&oastble
for all of them to so on the Mime day, aa
U 'would n«ce»Hltato the cloalnc of the
thus ttores, Arrangementa ar« belns per
feet-id for an enjoyable time on both daya,
The committee- having the picnic in
churge consist* of M. A, Oerdea, A." }(,
JIobk. W, K, Porry, P, O,Un(l»»i', V^U %
e^nwoU, II,--P*iTpn«.and l*r«w«|j,
Woor man»d«r»j K.'H. Seaw*U, D, l;
Terrone, Th« rnxmle by J. H. I Hum,
CONSTrrUTIONAXITT" OP;
civil* service nr issue
rolnt Baised That tha Delegation of
JVIuniclpnl Function to Commis
sion Is Invalid.
Attorney Joseph C. Campbell raited a
point before Judge Muraaky Friday In
the action instituted by Al kewUd against
Treasurer Brooks for the recovery of sal
arx» as a special clerk In the offlw of th«
T»3t Collector thae may result in «. judsr
mont declaring unconstitutional all or the
civil service provisions of the charter and
leave the commission without an ofneo.
Lewald served as a special deputy In the
oRiee named for a lonsrer period than six
ty days, the tenure of service of special
clerks fixed by the charter.
In his argument Attorney Campbell,
who represents Lewald, stated that the
action of the Civil Service Commission In
certifying eligible* for the positions for
merly occupied by Lewald and tho other
deputies was based on authority which
the constitution prohibits. In tho consti
tution of the State It la provided that the
Legislature shall not have the power to
delegate to any commission the perform
ance of a municipal function. Mr. Camp
bell said that the act of the Legislature
In ratifying the charter delegated to the
Civil Service Commission the right to fix
the qualifications of certain municipal offi
cers. This act on" the part of the Legis
lature, Mr. Campbell urged, operated as
a delegation to a commission the perform
ance of a municipal function, and was
hence unconstitutional..
In event Judge Murasky holds that tho
power to fix the qualifications of certain
municipal officers is a delegation of a mu
nicipal function to the Civil Service Com
mission, the same Is Invalid and the civil
service provisions of the charter uncon
stitutional. Judge Muraaky has taken tho
case under advisement- and will file his
decision during the coming week.
No. 104 Sadowa street. SO feet west front Ply
mouth; northwest • corner ' of JJe Montfort and
Jules avenues: No. >206 Minerva -street: also
lots on Gift Map No. 3. In Paul Tract -and In
Paul Reservation. Homestead Association
Tract. ¦ . : • • ¦ . • -,• • • '
Baldwin & HoWell ana McAfee
Brothers have sold . one and a quarter
acres In El Cerrito Park for the El Cer
rlto l*nd Company to Mr?. Edwin C.
Ewell at the rate of J2500 an acre.
>rr«\ HE Southern Pacific Is to have op
• II Position on the Sacramento River.
I Two stern-wheel towboats and six
11 barges are to be built for the grain
trade and next year will see them
running between Colusa and Port Costa,
Some time ago the farmers of Colusa
and the upper Sacramento called upon
the managers of the railroad and asked
for a reduction In the rates now In ex
istence on wheat; oats and barley. They
received a flat refusal, and left the bij
yellow building in anger. The situation
was discussed and a delegation called
upon Hatch Bros, to see if a steamer lino
could not be started. Captain Hatch took
time to consider the matter and finally
20
Steamer.
From.
Due.
Crescent City..
Bonlta
State of Cal....
Santa Barbara.
Xoyo
W. H. Kruger.
Wellington
Australia
Columbia
Anubls
Pomona........
Conemaugh....
Czarina
Curacao
Kmplre
Bristol
lima til la
Eureka
City of Sydney
Matteawan
Acme
Corona
North Fork....
Hlval
Arcata
Santa Rosa
Aconcagua.....
America Maru.
Rainier.;.
Point Arena....
Peru .-.
Mandalay
Humboldt July 28
San Pedro & Way Pts. July 2S
Ban Diego July M
Humboldt July 2S
Humboldt July is
San Pedro July 28
Oyster Harbor July 2S
Tahiti July 29
Portland and Astoria.. July. 29
Hamburg? & Way Ports July 29
Humboldt July 29
Nome & St. Michael... July 29
Seattle and Tacoma... July 29
Mexican Ports.*. July 29
Coos Bay V July 29
Comox July 30
Puget Sound Ports July 81
Humboldt July 31
Panama & Way Ports. July 31
Tacoma July 31
San Pedro July St
Newport & Way Ports Auk. 1
Humboldt Aug. 1
Wlllapa Harbor Au*. 1
Coos Bay Aug. . 1
8an Dleico & Way Pts. Aug. 1
Valparaiso & Way Pts. Aug. 1
China and Japan Auk. 2
Seattle & N. Whatcom Aug. S
Point Arena Aug. 2
Valparaiso & Way Pt». Aug. !
Coquille River Aug. t
Steamer.
< Destination.
Jnly 2S.
San J)Ii'ko & Way..
Huinboldt
.Inly 20.
Panama & Way....
Point Arena
Tlllnmook Bay
Nome & St. Michael
July nq.
Pugct Sound Ports
San Pedro & Way.
Cooa nay
July «1.
Seattle & Hncllock.
8eattlQ & Tacoma..
Humboldt
San DIcro & Way.
Humboldt ....
Sluslnw nivcr
Hamburg & Way..
' Aufcunt 1. I
Sydney & Way Pts
Astorln. £ Portland
AnRiist -.
China and Japan..
AnRiiRt u.
8f»ttlo & FalrhaN*n
Wlllap* Harbor....
Nome & St. Michael
Ban Diego,...,.....,
Cooa nay...,..,,.,..
ISalls.l
I Pier,
r
i
Santa, Rosa...
Eureka.......
9 am
9 am
Pier 11
Pier IS
Ban Bias...;.
Point Arena..
W. H. KruK-ci
St. Paul
13 m
t pm
U m
11 am
PM8S
Pier 1
Pier 13
Pier 34
Walla Walla.
Hon It .........
Kmplre.......
11am
9 am
13 m
Pier 9
Pier U
Pier IS
R. Dollar.,..*.
Cxarlna
Noyo.. ........
Stmo of Cat..
Pomona......
Acme ,.
Hermonthls..
6 pm
6 pm
S \m\
9 nm
1:30 p
3 i>m
Pier 2
Pier . *
Pier X
Pier 11
Pier ¦ »
i'ler IS
8 wall J
Sierra.
Columbia
10 am
11 am
Pier 7
Pier 24
Coptic.
1 pm
pmss .
Deipatch....
Hlval
Conemaush..
Corona., .....
Arcata.
|
8 pm
II ml
Pier IS
8th mt.
Pier —
Pier 11
Pier IS
19 am
IS m
Steamer. Destination,
City of Seattle, RUasuny * tf«y Torti
ANK1; Kkaguav & \\*y PorU
Ort»Kon ,,, Nome & Teller..
IMrtso...,.,.,.. SU«tKUnV>fr Way rorti
Hfnutor .,,. Nome ilireot.. ,,.,,.....>
CotURoCUy,,, sucuay A Way Port*
OtmfiunUEh..,.. Nome & St. Mlcbael,,,
City of Topeka, Hkufsuay & Way £ort»
Chn*. Nelson,,, Hhajjuay A Way Vort»
VlotorOn.,,.,., WKaituay » Way Port*
Steamer.
BaHi.
July »
July 29
July 2»
July 29
July W
Auk, \
Au«. l
au«, ;
Aug. S
AUK, 4
•¦•-¦>• Time Time Time Time
Pat, Ft, ,— . Ft, •<«— Ft, «—
l« \V H ,W U, W H W
U ,, J;?\ -CM lO!5i "<!* 8!^ 11 »;00
•I* ,, jjm-w« U!\« «,« aia* ,i,» »;u
I ,.| OtQft (t,«| l:Sl M i;:> M *n<
Ft,
S:5
i:S
Steamer.
From.
Due.
Crescent City..
Bonlta
State of Cal....
Santa Barbara.
Xoyo
W. H. Kruger.
Wellington
Australia
Columbia
Anubls
Pomona........
Conemaugh....
Czarina
Curacao
Kmplre
Bristol
lima til la
Eureka
City of Sydney
Matteawan
Acme
Corona
North Fork....
Hlval
Arcata
Santa Rosa
Aconcagua.....
America Maru.
Rainier.;.
Point Arena....
Peru .-.
Mandalay
Humboldt July 28
San Pedro & Way Pts. July 2S
Ban Diego July M
Humboldt July 2S
Humboldt July is
San Pedro July 28
Oyster Harbor July 2S
Tahiti July 29
Portland and Astoria.. July. 29
Hamburg? & Way Ports July 29
Humboldt July 29
Nome & St. Michael... July 29
Seattle and Tacoma... July 29
Mexican Ports.*. July 29
Coos Bay V July 29
Comox July 30
Puget Sound Ports July 81
Humboldt July 31
Panama & Way Ports. July 31
Tacoma July 31
San Pedro July St
Newport & Way Ports Auk. 1
Humboldt Aug. 1
Wlllapa Harbor Au*. 1
Coos Bay Aug. . 1
8an Dleico & Way Pts. Aug. 1
Valparaiso & Way Pts. Aug. 1
China and Japan Auk. 2
Seattle & N. Whatcom Aug. S
Point Arena Aug. 2
Valparaiso & Way Pt». Aug. !
Coquille River Aug. t
Steamer.
< Destination.
Jnly 2S.
San J)Ii'ko & Way..
Huinboldt
.Inly 20.
Panama & Way....
Point Arena
Tlllnmook Bay
Nome & St. Michael
July nq.
Pugct Sound Ports
San Pedro & Way.
Cooa nay
July «1.
Seattle & Hncllock.
8eattlQ & Tacoma..
Humboldt
San DIcro & Way.
Humboldt ....
Sluslnw nivcr
Hamburg & Way..
' Aufcunt 1. I
Sydney & Way Pts
Astorln. £ Portland
AnRiist -.
China and Japan..
AnRiiRt u.
8f»ttlo & FalrhaN*n
Wlllap* Harbor....
Nome & St. Michael
Ban Diego,...,.....,
Cooa nay...,..,,.,..
ISalls.l
I Pier,
r
i
Santa, Rosa...
Eureka.......
9 am
9 am
Pier 11
Pier IS
Ban Bias...;.
Point Arena..
W. H. KruK-ci
St. Paul
13 m
t pm
U m
11 am
PM8S
Pier 1
Pier 13
Pier 34
Walla Walla.
Hon It .........
Kmplre.......
11am
9 am
13 m
Pier 9
Pier U
Pier IS
R. Dollar.,..*.
Cxarlna
Noyo.. ........
Stmo of Cat..
Pomona......
Acme ,.
Hermonthls..
6 pm
6 pm
S \m\
9 nm
1:30 p
3 i>m
Pier 2
Pier . *
Pier X
Pier 11
Pier ¦ »
i'ler IS
8 wall J
Sierra.
Columbia
10 am
11 am
Pier 7
Pier 24
Coptic.
1 pm
pmss .
Deipatch....
Hlval
Conemaush..
Corona., .....
Arcata.
|
8 pm
II ml
Pier IS
8th mt.
Pier —
Pier 11
Pier IS
19 am
IS m
•¦•-¦>• Time Time Time Time
Pat, Ft, ,— . Ft, •<«— Ft, «—
l« \V H ,W U, W H W
U ,, J;?\ -CM lO!5i "<!* 8!^ 11 »;00
•I* ,, jjm-w« U!\« «,« aia* ,i,» »;u
I ,.| OtQft (t,«| l:Sl M i;:> M *n<
Ft,
S:5
i:S
Steamer. Destination,
City of Seattle, RUasuny * tf«y Torti
ANK1; Kkaguav & \\*y PorU
Ort»Kon ,,, Nome & Teller..
IMrtso...,.,.,.. SU«tKUnV>fr Way rorti
Hfnutor .,,. Nome ilireot.. ,,.,,.....>
CotURoCUy,,, sucuay A Way Port*
OtmfiunUEh..,.. Nome & St. Mlcbael,,,
City of Topeka, Hkufsuay & Way £ort»
Chn*. Nelson,,, Hhajjuay A Way Vort»
VlotorOn.,,.,., WKaituay » Way Port*
Steamer.
BaHi.
July »
July 29
July 2»
July 29
July W
Auk, \
Au«. l
au«, ;
Aug. S
AUK, 4
ADVERTISEMENTS.
¦FK,IE3>MAK'S ' AUTTOTJlTCiai^TS.
"Gran-SolTent" dissolves Stricture,
like inoTr beneath the snn, re*
dnoesi ENLARGED PROSTATE and
¦trenKthena the Seminal Oneti, stop-
ping drains and emissions IX FIF-
TE12N DAYS.
No druyri to rnln the stomach, bnt
a direct local nnd positive applica-
tion to the entire Vretnrsxl Tract.
GRAS-SOLVEXT In the Wonder of
the Century*. Discovered by tho Chemist
Fabrton. it quickly Interested the great Scien-
tist and Physician. Erdrnan. who developed it
and proclaimed that marvelous action In
TJrethral ailments which electrified tho world.
At enormous expense THE ST. JAMK3
ASSOCIATION outstripped all competitor*
and secured exclusive control on tb.* Western
Gran-Solvent is not a llcmtd. It ts prepared
In the form ot Crayons or Pencils, smooth and
flextble, and so narrow as to pasa tho closest
Stricture. ¦
The sreat virtu* In the method of ap>
pllontlon la Its direct and positive action.
No vile, drastic druss to ruin the stomach and
dlscstlve system. Tho Crayons ar* inserted
upon retiring at night, dissolving by the heat
and secretions of the body tn thre* hours,
which Is- sufficient time to penetrate and dla-
solv* »
STRICTURE,
dlslcwlslnc the trrastnlar mass, root aad branch,
toccther with the false membrane upon which
it forma, thoroughly medicating th« Proatat*
Gland reducing Enlargement and contracting
the Ejaculatory Ducts. for«ver ttopplnc
dmlnii ami loanea.
Tha alterative and antiseptic action of "Gran-
Solvent" asserts Itself In destroying Oonococrt
and th« verma that tnleat tha bladder and
Prostate Gland.
Durlnx the paat year thousands of weak,
waatlnr wrecka were cur*<1 — an army of men
born again to hosln Ufe anew with fresh vigor,
full of atrencth and the consclousn«a» ot re-
stored manhood. Under tha Influence of th!<
soverelen solvent urethral stricture Is dissolved
and dlalodictd tn 13 days.
Front time Intmemorlat cutting and <1lInUn«r
have filled up the brutal, fruitless reoord oC
treatment tn urethral stricture, and yet thera
haa never been on* euro by such savam meth-
ods. The eacernesa with which medical men
are applying for this Solvent Is an op:n conies-
•ten of their error In the past. Over SCO lead-
Intr physician* in tho United States and Canada
have abandoned the knife and are •."aploytn;
•'(Iran-Solvent" tn their practic* as a human*
and uafattlns aa°*nt. "
VARICOCELE.
. V»rtwol« la an acouraulatton of alunrUh
blood In tb* vfini or th# nrrotmn, «Iu« aolely
to lmp«Tfect circulation, ami haa »tt origin In
a dl»««e«1 and torpid Pro«tat» Qlami Opera-
tion* In thl» «il»eaa« ar« only temporary, and na
mechanical d«vlc« y»t rtl»eovere<l haa rureil *
•tnsl* »»•«, "Oran-Solv^nt" n«ala tno T'roatattt
and re*tQT»* hc«lthv v|ro«l.»tlon, Vartcocela
<M«arT««ra tnvi \\a *l\iti1*t> aoeutnuUtton la
r«nlac«d by r«r*. h^ Uthv, r«vl Mi«>,i %
«H««o«» will not f>»rmU a. enmnl.M» 4«a«irt|v.
tion of the inefunpaTuM* ft. Jamea tr«atm«nt
In Mr»»hr»l ni*«*»»*, Kv*rv «M{t»i«r fr«m HtrU*»
\\\x* and Its offprint, PwMatlUn «nd K#wln«|
AVeaknM*. •hwiUl wtU« t« th* i»». J*n\M Mm*
Vlrt«t«M>, UAO (tt, Jam** l»M« . Owlmwil, Chtn,
for »"h«tr w«n<1er^l IllxiatratM w«rk. *h<twtn*
th* »v\rt)i ft «h«» hnw>*n •>'•• fa t*a n p,
t«m i»»vol\*<i In urtthrAl all* I I 3 3 a
w«\i«, shli'h tlK'y will «etvl >m far Ba %a
n*?\\r*\f <*TA.vr*>\ In pl.Ain B JTI Q >%
Prt^ka**, props* ut. JH H I B» aw
230 6T. U1IKS BWtDISO, OCrOWSATX. OHIO.
St James Association,
IN FIFTEEN DAYS.
Cored While Yon Sleep
ADVERTISHMENTS.
I Friedman's ¦VRuWtgig.^1
I Tf^ /^viif* nOflnr Furniture Depart- ||
I in ourpanui mcntyouw m fin d ¦
1 elegance, style and quality in so many designs that \
I to sec is :to be suited. Three-piece sets up to $100 I
I -and over. Other 3-piecc sets in mahogany finish, |
1 carved,, iipholstered with Velour, as low as $13.50 |
I Full of hints $£SZ I
j< examples that will help you in your own draping |
I and decorating problems. You are welcome to H
I those hints and to any suggestion that our cxperi- 1
\ ence makes helpful to you. The Drapery Depart- |
ment is on the first floor, you can enjoy it often. |
'C^QVYSfxt*' rncrc or * ess t^ lan '¦ t^ lc 1
KJAL pCL -1 U^O ma terial is worth, j
Tapestry, Velvets, Moquets and Axminsters from |
I J^ to i % yard long, nicely fringed ends. No end |
I to color or pattern. Tapestrys 65 cents, ftiigh pile H
I grades 90 cents each. I
I . .".The CitEDrr House." Six Stories High. % |
I 233-235-237 f\j\ GOOUS Marfced in ?Uin Jia1u%*J! Prti?2Sa«g. " B
i i Post Street 11,' iT« ¦¦¦¦ ¦iibiii h hi V "" 1 T H r 37 -1
hi, nim iT Tmr-r^.^^^^-- ~~L~^O
Cured Of Piles.
Mrs. Hlnkley. Indianapolis, writes: "The
? oct S£w?* ld ji U .. m ? 8t b * ¦* °J*rMtcn ooat-
lnjr ;$00 and little chance to survive/i
chose Pyramid Pile Cure and one 60-cent
box made me eound and well." All dru*-
fl'ts sell it. It never fails to cur« emy
form of Piles: trr it. Book on piles. ca\ise
£ n o d , c y h. malL Pyramid d ™«
.•^rav^fflfc^ 1 MEN and
v2^;tiO&^C "n cbttln renewed
# wS'ra^v^A' b 11 "'' 11^ 111 <md V.* 0T
/*T^y^«^A>O IMeroe'B (latest Unl
, ' * * . * RIC BELT" and
to not c«r*._Electrtclty tP ff ll t n hr*'r«n^?
ttuy no Belt until you ••• "Dr. pjSSKf.!
C7CaU at ctttc« or aend a J«««at ttaran
lor r.ew •Booklet No. t" Addrcu PIERcl
SS^S f& SSSJ5& sL?aF"
(REFEREE SALE.
Py Order of a II, tTMnsr.N, aol* R*f»r«a,
At auettqn at our valeiroom, MONDAy. July
». WX. It o'clock Boon, ih» H ** * uv
TWO 5O-VARAS
rrtmtlng en (ttoeKtan »tr*«t, t»tw**a North
rplnt and Itpaeh »tr*»ta, »»!«n}Tt.
Knr runh«>r i^rUwUrn apply
O. II. UMWK.N A CO.. U MoaTcBmerr at
BKU onto ajj-fflaa w
tit-«rt>. lwkl>ltiit<T», rnrnti •m« Krr». . cannent. ¦
«r«». nourmltlm founaiie*. Uundrlea, najper.
Itatigera, tirtntera, j^intfi*. »ho« factorlat,
»ui)lrmrn, tar»roofcra. tannen, tatlon, cto.
QUCtlANAN BROS.
Brush Manufacturers, 600 Sacramento stMamie Lewis has sued William 8. Lewis
for a divorce, alleging cruelty as cause of
action.' . '¦ L '..
pulpit r of the First Baptist Church this
morning.".*,. In the evening E.. P. Vining
will lecture on '.'Palestine." ' . -.
Dr..H: J. Stewart's. "Oratorio of the Na-"
tivity" will be rendered at Trinity Church
th^s evenine. . - , i, ¦ ,' v
•¦-¦ . . '¦ . ¦ • . ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦¦-¦¦¦ ¦ '.• ' 'vis
Says Husband Was Cruel.
' Judge Murasky made an order Frir
day afternoon ' finally dissolving the in
junction prohibiting the payment _ to
teachers of moneys due. them for services
rendered during the months of November
and December, 1897. The teachers will
now be paid their money, but as the court
practically^ held that the merchant credi
tors of the School Department were en
titled to $7000 of the teachers' funds under
an agreement reached in ~ J™"*™ 0 !.?^'
the case at bar, in which all of the^teach
ers are joined as defendants, will be car
ried through to final decision and proba
ble judgment in favor or the ' merchant
creditors against the teachers individual
ly for such portions of the J7000 in ques
tion as each .was. paid under the tenns,of
Frank H. Powers, representing the mer
chants." < raised the ¦ point Friday that
although the injunction restraining the
Auditor from auditing the demands or the
teachers against the fund had been dis
solved,' still • the 1 injunction was , in full
force and effect. as against the teachers:.
Attorney Olney. representing the teach
ers, said that the contention .that the In
junction was still in force : and ' effect as
against 'the teachers -was not "sound, in
asmuch : as - the . court has already decider
that' the' agreement ', between the mer-r
chants and teachers : did ' not operate as
an equitable assignment . of the : $7000 'in
question by - thte ; teachers In favor, of the
merchant creditors.- Olney also contended
that the only j remedy in the hands of the
merchant ."; creditors ; was to i permit > the
teachers to cash their warrants and s then
force them ' Individually to s pay such ' por
tion ; of .the sum -of $7000 :asithey were
given when: the ?7000 was prorated among
the teachers. ' •. -".-. , . ¦.:, J •
Judge 'Murasky held, that Olney's'con
tentions • were favored ' by ." authority.'- and
gave his i decision : accordingly. Later in
the | afternoon • Mr.* Powers stated that '¦ he
believed^. the majority '-, of "^ the ¦ teachers
would , pay ' such' portions ¦> of ". the ' $7000 as
had coma into their hands. > . - '
teachebs permitted
- . to draw; tbceib mone?
Judge Murasky Dissolves the Injunc
. tion Issued at Instance of School
Department Creditors. . .
Customs Collector j Strattoh has recom
mended /W. '- D. ' Heitmann ; as .laborer . in
the Chinese Bureau; to take the place va
cated.by. the- promotion- of John R.- Dunn
to be Chinese inspector. ', ¦ Mr. . Heitmann' s .
position as liaborer was 'declared • vacant
two day* ajra. •- . > •
\ '¦ .'''¦' - ' '. ' v .*
Hay Remain.
Overture,' ' 'Mignon" ...... .Y. AThomaB
Prologue from. "Pag-liacd''. ..'.:... ..Leoncavallo
Grand Prize ' March,--- "Baccanale" .Celega
Patrol, ."Plttsford Farm 1 '. :...........". .Wlegand
Galop, "Through Field and Forest"... Eilen berg
"Dans un: Reve" .;...: .'. ."". : ..-. . .Camomille
" ¦ - > ¦¦ . - Oboe nolo, ti. Mundwyler. ;" ¦¦ .
Descriptive,^ "A Hunt In the Black Forest" « "
..:....:.... -:..:...:..... .:...;...-..... ...Vockier
The park -band i will . render the following
pieces to-day: '•.-.'
Overture, • "Zampa" .'. ... V. ...........'...... .Herold
1 'Dervish Song'.' ... .V. '.'. ... .:..."..;..."..':. Sebek
Fantasia t from • ' 'Othello" . : . . . ... .".' . . . . . . Verdt
Music at the Park.
Campflxe Scintillations.
CAMP REVERIE, Forest\-111e,^July 2o.
"Camp Reverie," said Lieutenant Com
mander C. G. . Calkins, "combines all' the
attractions of a Bedouin encampment and
0, wardroom mess, 'with .the addition of
shade, fresh water and good society."
"It is a good place to grow young in.
I feel younger every day,", said Mrs.
Houghton of Berkeley. . : -J
"In '. my experience," said Mrs. H. G.
Crafts, the talented organist of Oakland,
"Camp Reverie is unique. In that its ad
vertising booklet, so far from exaggerat
ing its attractions, does not state half of
them. It has far exceeded my.- expecta- j
tlons and I am more than pleased.
"T find the mental atmosphere stimu
lating without, being oppressive," said Dr ;
R. L Hill Jr. of Oakland: "Its moral
tone is above comment, and my present
physical condition speaks for its cuisine."
The doctor, who came directly to Camp
Reverie after a very severe illness, is cer
tainly now the picture of health and can
tramp half a day without fatigue. There
are a number of small boys on the place
whose scientifically bandaged fingers and
limbs attest the skillful handling of the
genial doctor, for strange as it may seem,
the laws of force and gravitation hold
good at Camp Reverie as elsewhere, and
if the right amount . of strength is em
ployed in handling a knife it will cut a
finger as readily as a stick, and if the boy
hangs on to a dead limb something is
likely to drop. 1
"It is the best summer I have ever
had "" said- with one accord four small'
boys from San Francisco. Comparisons
are odious and the boys had sojourned at
many summer resorts, so I will not quote
further from their remarks.
"First of all," said Professor J. G. Lem
mon, "It is free from church fleas, and
then there are such fine opportunities for
botanizing."' j
"Hitherto," said Ida, Mansfield Wilson,
the - authoress, "I have agreed with St.
'Paul that the kingdom of , heaven, is with
in, but now I know it is at Camp Rev
erie."' , v . '¦. •¦;•-';-
V'lt has an especial advantage in its cli
mate," said Judge: a. L. Frick, "which is
entirely free from ocean , winds and fogs.
,The .water, too, is much .warmer and con
sequently better adapted, for swimming
than that nearer the sea. It is-a beauti
ful spot and the management is excellent.
It Is just the place to come for a rest."; '.
."It is simply paradise. I have been here
five weeks and want to stay the season.
AU my friends know what. I think ofit,
too, for I ¦¦ have not spared •. stationery in
singing its t praises," said Miss Kate
Thomas of San Francisco, well known In
literary circles for r her clever work in fic
tion. .
Poses as an Attorney.
Edward Pearson. ?2 Bernard street.
swore to a complaint In Judgre Cabaniss"
court yesterday for the arrest of John T.
Hogan cn the charge of obtaining money
by false pretenses. It is alleged that Ho
gan. by falsely representing himself as an
attorney, privilejnid to nractice in all the
State courts, obtained $75 from Pearson to
print the transcript in a case to be ap
pealed to the Supreme Court in which
Pearson was the clalntJfT. nnd failed to do
anv-thin^ in th«* matter. Hogran ha« been
arrested twice before on a similar charge.
p^Lf^S HE announcement that the en-
I gagement existing between Miss
| Dorothy Heyneman and Harry
¦>' It Stephens was broken off caused
not a little surprise in exclusive
Jewish circles in which the young
WILL OBSERVE
SOLEMN FEAST
St. James' Congregation
to Celebrate Birth of ¦
Patron Saint.
With solemn and impressive ceremonies
the feast of St. James will be observed
In St. James Church to-day. At 10:30
o'clock a solemn high mass will be cele
brated and an augmented choir will ren
der special music. .-
Rev. C. A. Ramm will deliver the dis
course at the 11 o'clock mass in St. Mary's
Cathedral to-day. Rev. E. P. Dempsey
will preach In the evening.
Rev. Father Hickey, S. J., will deliver
the sermon at the 10:30 o'clock mass in
St. Ignatius Church to-day. Rev. Father
Mahoney. S. J., will preach in the even
ing.
Rev. A. E. Ulrlch of the Richmond M.
E. Church will preach this morning on
"How God Rewards Faith" and in the
evening on "The Pilgrimage of Life."
Rev. Frank K. Baker of the First M.
E. Church will preach this morning on
"The Gospel cf Grace," and in. the even
ing on "Tombs for the Dead and Xot the
Living." •
Rev. Milton D. Buck of Trinity M. E.
Church will preach this morning on
".Faith cr Force." "
Rev. T. Brown of the A. M. E. Zion
Church will preach this morning on "Spir
itual Adoption" and in the evening on
"The Fruits of the Spirit or Signs Which
Indicate a Christian.': TT . -
Bev. H. H. Bell of the First United
Presbyterian Church will preach this
morning on "The Slain Lamb" and in the
evening on "Faith Peace."
Eev. William Rader of the Third Con
gregational Church will preach this morn
ing on "The Power and the Helplessness
of Man" and in the evening on "Jere
miah." «-•'"'' •'-•¦"
Kev| F. S. l"ora or tnernrst Christian
Church will preach this morning, on
"Love" and In the evening Mrs. Louise
Kelly, programme editor of the Mission
ary Tidings of Emporia, Kans., will de
liver a lecture.
Rev. John Hemphill of Calvary and St.
John'* Presbyterian Church will preach
thia morning on "Forward" and in the
evening on "Afraid of the Truth." -v-.-.
Rev. George C. Adams of the First Con«
gregational Church will preach this morn
ing: on "Calaphas."
Rev. E. H. Avery of Westminster
Presbyterian Church will preach this
morr.ing on "What Does the World Read
in Christians?" and in - the evening on
"Am I My Brother's Keeper?", : ¦
Rev. ,W. K. Guthrie will preach the
piorning sermon at the First Presbyterian
Church this morning. In the evening Rev.
Robert Mackenzie. D.D., will occupy the
pulpit. ¦'. ' . ' •
Rev. C. H. Stevens, pastor of the Green-
Btreet. Congregational Church, will ad
dress the mass-meeting for men ' this : aft
ernoon at 3 o'clock attbe Youngr- Men's
Christian Association;' Hall, Mason and
Ellis- streets. His subject " will be -"A
Great Man."- Fred D. Jewett will slngr.
Bev. Henry S. * Killen will occupy r tba
; James Kernan;' a hackman,, 53 years old,'
who has been in the employ of .United
Carriage i Company for the past ? twenty
seven years, 'committed -suicide by drink
ing carbolic acid at- his' home. 22B ; Moss
street, i last evening.. - ."•'.•¦- ¦
Deceased had been suffering from, stom
ach; trouble for the past two weeks, and
had -been unable to do any. work.'.; He be
. came l. despondent. .His body . was -found
in the parlor last evening by his daugh
. ter and the . empty poison bottle lay r be
:slde iim ¦,;;•¦¦;-":-¦¦,•"¦. . \ -: - ¦ v . .-.. -. -¦¦¦¦
Carriage' Company Twenty-rSeven
Years, Becomes Itespsndent.,
OLD HACKMAN / ENDS
LIFE ' J - WITH POISON
James Kernan, Employed by TTnited
¦•¦A dispatch from Scandia says that rain
has fallen 1 throughout the\ northern part
of the ; State this afternoon and con
tinuing generally this I evening, with the
best of prospects for a; heavy downpour
later in the night. ' ;
KANSAS CITY, July 27.— General rains,
which have fallen over the greater part cf
Western Missouri and Kansae in the past
twenty-four hours, have given this por
tion of the Southwest temporary relief
from the severe drought. Yesterday was
the twenty-fifth successive day In which
the maximum, temperature of the two
Stales had: ranged from lOO^degrees up.
Reports received at thti railroad head-*
quarters indicate that- the rains fell In the
western half^ of. Missouri and in nearly all
parts -of- Kansas with the exception of a
few liorthwestcrn counties. The fall was
heaviest between Kansas City and Maple
Hill. Kans., four counties west of herein
some places in the eastern half of Kan
sas the fall measured two and a ; half
inches. Good rains are, also reported
along: the MempMs railroad as far south
as Arkansas and as far east as the Miss
issippi River. Rain fell at' these points all
dayar.d iacoming down to-night.
It Is believed the rain will be of little
bensfit to corn. However, with. the most
favorable conditions from now on until
the ; er.d of the season late corn,, it is
thought, "will make a third of a crop. The
rains -Bill be of great benefit to pastures,
forage ¦ crops ¦ and fruit, and the belief is
expressed that Kansas may yet have
enough, hay to feed stock during the com
ing '/winter.-. ' • . ' ' ' ,'¦
Frederick Wellhouse, one of the largest
apple growers In Kansas, is. authority for
the statement^ that apples in that State
will make almost -a full crop. Peaches,
grapes, and late varieties of fruit will
make an average crop, ' it is believed, if
conditions continue favorable. Oats and
potatoes in Kansas at least were beyond
help two -weeks before the rains came.
Kansas- City stockmen rejoice over, the
rains, • and ? believe that Southwestern
farmers will now have enough grass to
feed their stock and will not have to rush
Immature cattle to market. This week's
receipts at the yards were the largest in
the history of the market, amounf.ng to
over 76,000 head. The cattlemen have been
without water or grass and have been
compelled to ship In their stock and sell
at any price or let them die. , i ir
TOPEKA, j Kans., July : 27.— Kansas has
been fully redeemed from the ravages of
the "drought. The -rain, which, started in
numerous portions of the State, last night
has been continued during the past day,
and ; reports received .nerei to-night, say
that rain is st!U fallintr in several nlaces
in the State. livery indication points to a
prolonged rain spell, which has been of
Inestimable value to Kansas.-,
Farmers in the Middle
"West Have Hope
of Crops.
RAIN REVIVES
IMPERILED CORN
MANILA. July 27.— The robbery: of the
paymaster's safe at Santa Cruz yester
day is supposed to have been the workjJE
soldiers. It appears that Major Canby,
who was paying the troops in the Laguna
district, left the safe in the guardhouse,
and that while it .was there the thieves
succeeded in abstracting lts H1# S,°BS e 5S-
General Chaffee has sent the chief of Ma
nila detectives to Santa Cruz to i^'^U;
gate the affair.. .Chief Paymaster Tower
was not apprised* of the robbery until in
formed of It by a representative of the
A |lSr te c1inby S has telegraphed to Manila
from Santa Cruz that only one paymas
ter's box. containing $7C0. is_ missing.
The -trial of Lieutenant Preston Brown
of the Second Infantry, charged with mur
dering a native near Blnangonan, Is fin
ished., In the course of the proceedings It
was proved that the native was killed
while trying to escape and the acquittal
of Lieutenant Brown is expected. -
LBAVENWORTH, Kans.. July -27.-
Twenty-six military prisoners, all of
whom have seen service in the Phnip-
Eines, will be. received at the U™"* 1
tates penitentiary to-morrow morning;
their sentences ranging from five > ears to
life. Among the number are six who were
sentenced. to death by court-martial, but
the sentence was commuted by the Presi
dent. , - ' ' m "
DARING THEFT
OF ARMY FUNDS
Soldiers Are Suspected
of Bobbing Safe of
a Paymaster.
The stock- of the Lyceum Clothing . Co.
that has been assigned to. P.' C. Kelly
wil 1 arrive here j Tuesday [ morning. . The
sale of the same will start Thursday, Au
gust 1. To-morrow the balance of the
Brown Clothing Co. must go r $4.65 will
give -you an $18 man's suit if you: wish to
take' the, trouble :¦ to | come around.* ;By
Tuesday morning the store must be empty
in : order to get the $50,000. stock of the
Lyceum Clothing ¦ Co.: in .order for' the
sale.. What; this stock consists of will be
mentioned before - the sale. Yet • the offer
of. to-morrow should not be overlooked.
To-morrow an all-wool man's , suit ; for
only ' $1.65 at the 'Clothing . Assignee . Sale
of the Boston,' 773 Market street;" near
Fourth. ' • ¦
Gray was Implicated by a woman named
Olive Handystde or Olive . Gray, with
whom he had lived. She alleged that
Gray committed the burglary, and mur
der. Gray denied any connection with
the case and said he told the woman the
story in order to frighten her and to make
her leave him.
In an affidavit Gray says that at the
time of the Fosburg murder he and a
companion named Al Foyeiwere on their
way to Albany. Hearing of the murder,
they started the other way toward Boa
ton to avoid the searchers who "were
scouring the country about PIttsfleld. He
met Olive Gray at Springfield, Mass.; and
told her he had "done a job," and had
hid some property under &• rock. The
story he now avers was untrue.
Extra! All About the X<yceum Clotb>
: A *P/jT ing . Company. >
NEW YORK, July 27.— William Lewis
Gray, for whom the police have been look
ing in connection with the Fosburg case
at PIttsfleld, Mass., voluntarily surren
dered himself to Captain of Detectives Ti
tus at police headquarters to-day. •
•a Woman Was a Fab
ricationl
Declares That His Story* to
TELLS OF CRIME
TO SCARE HER
Suspect ial Fosburg Cas£
Explains to the
Police.
The case of "Sir^ Harry Westwood
Cooper, alias Ernest Moore." -Chadwick.
charged with forgery for sending, a forged
telegram to Miss Norine Schneider, was
called in Judge Cook's court yesterday to
be set for a second trial. The Judge fixed
the date for August 6. After the trial is
concluded the defendant will be tried on
the charge of perjury. . |
Cooper's Second Trial.
Benefit to August Hinrichs.
Following is the programme for the |
ccrrrl'-nier.tary benefit to be given to !
August Hir.richs next Tuesday evening
at Fischer's Concert House:
PART I.
i'arch — "The Stars ai:d Stripes Forever"..
Sousa
Overture— "Poet and Peasant" Von Suppe
1'aJonia Quartet \ — .
Ouhama. JariEnese Juicier
Mfst Irene Franklfn. cornetist. ....... ....... .
Hies Georjfie Cooper
Courtesy cf Belasco & Thall.
Waltzes— "Cn the Beautiful Blue Danube"..
- . Strauts
J»nnie Metz'.er. character impersonator....
M.sf Nellie Bruce, danseuse
March— "The Spirit 'of L'berty".... Sousa'
PART II. ;
Violin concerto. "Allegro Molto Appassion- I
ata' ' Mendelssohn !
Augvst HInrifhs, accomD&nist Mr. I
Martinez.
Quertet from vRipoletto" Verdi
Pipnor Pietro Buzzi. Madame Charity
Martin. M!se Eudora Forde and Slgnor.
G. S. "tt*«ni»!l. - -.
Overture. *"WCUaxn Tel!" '. '. Bossini
Orchestra.
Bow*- *la Autumn," "Sprinir Song"..0. Weill
Madame Charity Martin. Violin obJlgato, j
August Hinrlchs. j
Prelude et Eiciliano from "Cavailerla Rus- I
tlcar.a" Mascagnl
Signor Pietro Buzzi and Orchestra.
Grand fantasia from "Lohengrin" Wagner
Orchestra.
Eextet from "Lucia di Laminennoor'*.r>intzettl
Madame Charity Martin. Miss Eudora.
Forde. O. Lir.au. Signor G. S. WanrelL
Ed Thornton and H. Bashford.
PART III.
"The Little Match Girl," a musical fairy tale
by Acmst Enna.
Marie, a poor match girl Miss Marie Welsh
A Lady Miss Mabel Martin
A Nijrht watchman.., e Edward Hcgg
Chorus of watchmen, ladles, gentlemen and
children.
', lady Is a reigning belle. All sorts of rea
sons are advanced as the cause of the an
nullment of hetrothal, but all explana
tions given have their weak side. :
Some gossips maintain that religion was*
the cause that parted the loving twain,
but those who declare that is not the rea
son of the broken engagement offer as
evidence the gracious fashion in which
Mr. and Mrs." Heyneman welcomed the
young man and their very evident pleas
ure at the prospective wedding-.
p Miss Heyneman's extreme youth is an
other, reason advanced as the;, cause of
the broken engagement,' but- as there was
. no reason for hurrying the wedding day
that argument is very . easily -puf; aside.
Whatever the cause is, the Heyriemans
will not speak of it, and. from Cincinnati
no explanation Is v offered." ' If ¦ the be
trothal was annulled solely at the instance
of Miss Heyneman's parents, then- all that
; remains to be said is that Miss Dorothy is
a very obedient daughter and that grace
ful yielding to parental wishes has- not
apparently ¦ robbed her of her happiness.
Hongkong. 5250.000.Mp: Singapore, $1^,000 000;
Asiatic coast from Singapore, to Vladivostok,
U.ooo.000.000. . :, ,
Mr. Barrett has also estimated that ca
ble connection would increase the trade of
the Philippines 8W. per cent In fifteen
years; that the growth of all Asiatic trade
in ten years should amount of 50 per cent,
and that, in ten years, with a cable, there
ought to be an Increase of American busi
ness amounting, to $800,000,000.
Four surveys have been made from Cal
ifornia to Hawaii. The Engineering Mag
azine sums them up by saying that the
depth found' on all of theje is fron/ 2u00
fathoms up to 3100 fathomsl A. few miles
southwest of Guam the sounding is 447o
fathoms, but this hole_ can be
Nevertheless depths of between 3400 fath
oms must be- reckoned with, between
Guam and the Philippines. : The cost of a
cable via Hawaii to the Philippines is es
timated -at 510,000,000 by the president of
the Pacific Cable Company, of New Jersey*
The cost to Japan via Hawaii has been
figured- out by James A. Scrymser. presi
dent of the Pacific Cable Company of New
York, at $7,000,000. or $1034 per mile.
The trade which is carried on by coun
tries and ports, that would be connected
with San Francisco by cable is estimated
as follows by ex-Minister Barrett:. ...
Surveys to Hawaii.
Supposedly the Eastern men are making
inquiries in the interest of the "all.Amer
lean" route. Four routes have. been pro
posed for a trans-Pacific cable.- The on<
that has been most favored- by Americans
1b from San Francisco to the Philippine
Islands, via Hawaii. This calls for a cabl<
line 6640 miles long, as against 7986: miles
for the proposed British line, via Van
couver, Fanning Island, Fiji and Norfolt
Island to New Zealand, with a brand"
line from . Norfolk Island to Queensland
Americans have maintained the view thai
the line via San Francisco is the best be
cause It follows established trade, lines
and connects countries having large popu
lation and great existing trade.; The waj
stations on the proposed English line an
without much business, ' and that route
would be unlikely to get the bulk of th«
patronage of North : America,; Europe
Australasia, India and Southern and.East
ern Asia, which is essential to its.com
plete success. Harrington Emerson, £
writer for the Engineering Magazine, has
pointed out that "the real prize in sight
is the transmission of the Asiatic busi-
Mr. Emerson found that the ideal trans
pacific route was the one- promising tc
secure the largest amount of present busi
ness, to develop the largest amount ol
new business, to ccst the least money tc
lay, to be laid and maintained most eas
ily'and cheaply, to be operated most rap
idly and with least interruption and to b«
politically the most valuable. The pro
posed English line would in its firsi
stretch, from Vancouver to Fanning Isl
and" be 450 miles longer than any cable
yet laid and would be very costly to con
struct, besides being unpromising from t
commercial point of view.
3?our Routes for Iiine.
¦ : Two • matters of " r . information j have
reached, this city concerning the long.dis
cussed trans-Pacific cable between .Sar
Francisco and; the Fa* ' East.. The . first
comes from Monterey, Eastern; men hav
ing been examining intoMhe subject oi
the feasibility of haying a cable , station
placed there. The 'other is ; received
through trade connections, and is to . th«
effect that the people back of the wire
trust have so: much hope that thonext
Congress will take action on the matter
that they, have already prepared careful
estimates of the cost , of a cable, to • be
made in San Francisco. They have ever
drawn working plans. They say that ii
would take a steamer with a carrying ca
pacity of 10,000 tons to ; carry , the cable
arid that a large plant would. have to be
constructed or employed at San Franciscc
to turn it out".- - ,_ ,_ • ,_ * ]
The Eastern men who have been a1
Monterey acknowledged to an inquirei
that they were looking into the subject 6i
a station for a cable landing, but beyond
that they gave • no information. Thej
have since gone from - Monterey and havt
not been definitely located to the time ol
this writing.
Wire Trust Forms Estims
Anticipating Action by
Congress.
Investigation at ¦ Moil
terey Concerning
; Station;
MOVING TOWARD
PACIFIC CABLE
The opportunity vo hear the beautiful'
Stanford memorial organ played by Dr. j
H. J. Stewart at the first of his two fare- p
well recitals that was given yesterday aft- j
ernoon at the Mechanics' Pavilion ' was •
eagerly and extensively taken advantage ;
of by' the public. Not since 'the fine organ !
at St. Ignatius Church was set up— hard- j
ly even then — has so much interest been J
Fhown here in the matter of a pipe organ,
and every hearing, only further demon-]
mates the excellence of the Stanford in
strument, j
It was of course a double Interest that i
attracted the audience of yesterday, the I
opportunity of hearing the foremost or- j
ganist of San Francisco for almost the J
last time before his departure for Bos- »
ton. and to hear him -on an instrument]
w orthy of him. Both organist and organ
did themselves ample credit.
Since the removal of the Epwortn j
League millinery, banners and the UKe, tn» ;
organ is heard to much better advantage, j
and Dr. Stewart's programme was well :
calculated to display its beauties and his J
own attainments. His opening- number \
was the tine sonata in D minor of Guil
manU, which was excellently given, the |
"Pastorale" in particular being notably j
charming In effect through its well-chosen |
registration. The "f»*U organ" in it3 j
present voicing— the instrument not being j
voiced for the Pavilion— lacks strength.
Dubols' always popular "Cantllene Xup- I
tittle"' followed, and served to show the
bea-uty of the oboe stop and a fine, even
tremolo. The Dubois "Toccata" went not
quite so well, but the Grison "Commu- |
nion" in F, with Its opportunfty for dis- j
playing: the lovely, soft flute stop, was en
thusiastically encored.
Guihnant's fine "Marche Funchre" fol
lowed, with a truly splendid "building
up" effect, wherein the Stanford organ's
fine crescendo pedal doubtless came Into
play. I did not so well like the reglstra- ¦
tion of the "Chant Seraphique" that fol- j
lowed in the ham movement that floats j
above the pedal melody, but the melody |
Itself came out with noble beauty. The j
ref-t of the programme was given over to j
transcriptions from piano and orchestral j
works, the Liszt "Consolation" and the i
Chopin "Polonaise" lending themselves
admirably to the translation. Three Wag- !
ner arrangements closed the interesting I
programme, "Wotan's Farewell" and |
"Magic Fire Scene." "Song of the Rhine ;
Maidens" &r.d the splendid "Kaiser
Msrch," before which Dr. Stewart intro
duced to the audience the builder of the
crfran, Murray M. Harris of Los Angeles,
who was received with friendly enthu
siasm.
Dr. Stewart expressed himself as highly
pleased with the org:an and will give on it
his last recital in San Francisco for some
time to come to-mornm evening at 8:15, j
{ when there will doubtless be another large i
aitdience to lake leave of one ¦who has ¦
eened music so faithfully for so long 1 In!
cur city. . BLANCHE PARTINGTON.
Played by a Master the Ef
fect Is Pleasing to
Audience.
Public Grasps Opportu
nity to. Hear Stan
ford Instrument.
ORGAN RECITAL
BY DR. STEWART
Miss Dorothy Heyneman Does Not Seem to Be
Grieving Because Her Parents Decided She
Shall Not Marry Harry Stephens of Cincinnati
WANT TO KNOW WHY ENGAGEMENT
WAS SO SUDDENLY BROKEN OFF
21
1 SAN | FRANCISCO BELLE AND
, OHIO ' MAN "WHOSE ENGAGE
MENT IS BROKEN OFF.
GE.APE-3BTTTS.
Silk Floss Doable Mattress,
thirty-fiTe pounds, fiye-inch
box, $6.50.
Get an estimate from us oa
everythirlg required to famish
your entire. establishment.
Credit and free ' delivery within
100 miles. We close at six, ex-
I cept on Saturday. /
T. Briflidiit
FURNITURE CO.,
338-342 POST STREET, jo
Opposite Union Sqn*r>. ?¦ ¦¦¦
$100 REWARD !
A reward of J10O will be paid for such Infor-
mation as will lead ' to the arreaf*and convic-
tion of the party that assaulted ERICG. ROB-
ERTS at the corner of First and' Howard
•streets on Tuesday. July J6. 1901- ...
UNION OAS KNGINE CO. j '
® ®®«®5««® S®®(£®®®® 2®(t®®®S<5»'
I DR. GREEN, Specialist. |
I DISEASES OF MEN QUICKLY CURED/ 1
9 Ismi Spmkels Bii'.diag. • Rooms 413-419. @
(ft Offica Hours: 10 A. M. to 3 P. M., 7 to 9 P. M. (S>
® ' - Sundays, 10 A. M. to 2 P. M. " ' ®
Pennyroyal pills
M Orielnal nntt Only Oeaalne. -
tor CHICMESTEK'S ICiGLLSH
A-'^»i*Si«H^ la KED «nd Gold metiUie boxe.. Kilei
C\ -~~~Vaf<) wlttl t>ine nbbon. Take no other. B«fa<««
1?1 ®^ *yj Ihnevnu SulwtitnUa»«» and . lmita>
I" / ,.. \ (JT tlo»». Boy of jom- DniQUi. er lend 4<p. h»
I Wf Jf ituiM for Psrthsalnn, Te«tJmontal»
V^v f? uO^ReU«f r»rLadle«.»<»{<(t«r,£/re.
¦^•'i/ tnrn Mail. 1 «,0«O Testimonial*. SoMbjr
- v ~— -~l~ mtlDiufsSsu. Cklehenter Chemleal C*_
Kration tM« p»p«r. Mad1«»» PH1LJC Y±~
Purely, vegetable, mild and reliable. ' Cause*
perfect digestion, completa absorption aa4
healthful regularity. '¦ ¦¦ \ "-^' ¦ .
v For the cure of all disorders of the otomach,
Uver, Bowels. Kidneys, Bladder. Female Ir-
regularities. Sick " Headache," -BilioosneM. Con-
stipation, Piles- and all derangements J of . tha
Internal Vlacera. tSc a box. u At r>rusrs1stiL_ 05
w. mil, -j. a CCl* NawJCorks^.!
i:>r>v ¦ DR. K6T0YKEE,
" f£_- f -3 \ no stockto>t st..
' Vi S. v M an Francisco. Cat.
¦ p^ Iw Has recently established
V«r V the Tea and Herb Sanlta-
• • .^23^ ,Jf- -^ rium tn thia city. All man-
3|^^>*V >V ner of diseases, both exter-
'Jv'^ffliV msnner of local diseases ar*
€*a % J?3bEuM skillfully treated without:
L&ffi&£3i£//'*3r perfcrmins any kind oC
m **&Xc*Fi&' r operation -whatever.
See Diet List Bslow. ,|
\ i
Food Cure I
NATURE'S
HEALTH REGAINED VIA FOOD.
A man may try all sorts of drugs to
help h'.ra to get we'l, but after all the
"food cure" is toe method Intended by
Nature.
Any one can prove the cfilcacy of the
food cure by making iise of the following
breakfast each rcornln£T for fifteen or
twenty days:
A dish containing not more than four
heaping teaspoonsful of Grape-Nuts,
enough good, rich cream to go with them,
some raw or cooked fruit, not more thaa
two alieos of entiie wheat bread and not
more than one cup of Postum Food Co f-
fee. to be slpppd. not drunk hurriedly.
Let thia suffice for the breakfast. . .
Let one meal in the day consist of an
abundance cf good meat, potato and "one
other vegetable.
This method will quickly prove the
valoe of the salection of the right kind
of foo<3 to rebuild the body and» replace
the lost tissue which is destroyed ever;'
day and must be made up, or disease of
eon:e sort, enters In. This Is an age of
epeclalist*. and the above suggestions ar<j
TTivcn by a specialist in food values, dle-
ttUts and hygiene.
JOE EOSENBEBG'S.
JOE ROSENBERG'S.
JOB BOSENBEBGKS,
1 M^Ki U MU5LIN UNDERWEAR -¦WmgM 1
I H i# i: FRENCH CORSETS fiHH I
MBp-WILL CONGRATULATE YOURSELF^S
9 I w" '^S» i&jL that you came here for these values this week. Manufac- F 1^ I ffi
» I r,-,-^*. .1 : . v^^turers!. samples of corsets, best English, and French makes, I I I g
¦ 1/ ti h V^C com P risin S the P. ¦'!>., I.' C, La Vida, Princess of "Wales, and L I fc fc
¦ 1/ J~\ I m£Z?€X Bobert Werley. Some are slightly soiled from being han- J J §
9 V i I. Y^^^^ died-— hardly noticeable. If Ve have your size here's a chance. I M
B. E*m I' k. I >SfMv 0U '•¦ W^ L never regret inspecting them: | — jl If p 1 1
P / / h^ I '¦¦¦ 'F§^1 $3.50 French P. D. Corsets now ........... S1.95 I k I \\
h/ / ' r ( '' '¦'¦¦¦"•* •¦•¦¦¦ Genuine W. B. Military. Straight Front. Corsets now -•$'1.00 I] I !!"
1/ / 1 T~ $500 I. C. French Corsets now...... S2.50 fl f
mi j ~~| J" . $2..5O Genuine Princess Wales English Corset ••••••$1.00 *£ /LJ>i
S^X ' lA^ $6.00 Robert Werley Woven Corset now ...............:... -$2i75 ' '"Iffkll*/ ¦^ «
ffi^OP^- \^^ ' 50 Hand Embroidered La Vida Corsets now ,'. $2.7 5 }$
1 HFARIHG IS (1HF THING in our muslin underwear dept. what the leading physicians say, |
H liunjllliu io UliL. I iiiiiuj We have had. Bample lines before, AND THAT IS LONG S
I dei IPVINrt* IQ amotupp out none as great a value as these. LIFE FOR A LIT- S
m Dtucvinu lOHWUintK They are the Sterling manufacturers' TLE MONEY BY &S£rH §
g AND SEEING IS; ANOTHER. •,•¦ samples., known ..all over the United BEARING THE 'fSfc* M
M showing them ; States for merit and quality. Made of to breathe. Your skirts can be at- S
Hj r^TS^SJfp^ + _ + t, ft *ra^ ft „ the best cambrics, nainsook and mus- tacked to the brace with only a hook H
M ' to the trade, ; so . Hns; trImmed wIth th nnest embroid- and eye. thus reUevtag the unhealthy H
K- we bought them erles laces and • Insertions; also hand pressure on the delicate organs or the m
;|fet50contheS1.00. hemstitched, and tucked. body. Come^injhree^lfferent sizes- |
'fl- They come in one-yard lengths WE QBOTE A8 FEW OP THB *AHT: dies 'and children would wear the H
B 1R ™ni«^^o ' q(I ' f + -u_ v^t-o- Ftrst is Lady's Gown made of the Adrienne brace consumption would be-
H l8 x inches wiae, matte or tne very finest ca mbric, square-cut yoke, trim- come unknown. You get your money's If
H best all-silk netting, in fancy and med with Swiss . insertion, finished worth at Rosenberg's for.. $1.00 m
H : in r»lnfn rifisitm* rhPTiiiifi and with fine . lawn, hemstitched ruffles a
H in P lai11 assigns, cnennie. ana around .. neck and shoulders. One of u/nuncne IM mia m
H dotted efiEects,- also complexion the many — - .-<59c «#*W WUnUtno 111 UUn fgj.
: : |: a ndb e autifyinrv e ils.^reisnot -^^^ NECKWEAR DEPT. f
El one of these veils worth less tnan effect, trimmed with wide webbing of J!&30Zg& ruches m-de o* S
J 50c and upward to SI. 00. Our S^neck. 9»iJ^^ v^' b^ f^ 3
S .way of : disposing of merchandise a sample at a sample price G5c /(^M^^J^th accordion £§
@ quickly — your pick.... ....... 95C CM1C UflRC Rfifin NFW^ I >**Sft3V)l*^ pleated ends; a sur- H
B H : J UyJXj OUMt MUttt UUUU ilLKrOi vq^^XJ pripir.p bargain at 5
' E-- . DRFS^INfi COMB LADIES' SKIRTS, made of soft "JbSf*^. this price O8c 9
fgg. u«hi*»" -bleached cambric, finished -with a deep *V^ .. pi
W- And a good one too; made of, the flounce and trimmed with two rows ..._ ANOTHFR , fa
IS \Zse™™?'n^ y^ REVERE COM- |
H Manufacturer. Our price...: lOc LADIES* , SKIRTS made of soft an d insertion. We sell as we advert^ |
H .,..m,,r n /,..irr iiinir bleached Nainsook, finished with^an 50c SJi
I HANDKERCH EF VALUE, «-lnch flounce and trimmed with five \ ffi
ra iiniiunuiuiui.1 intwu, " rows of ¦Torchon lace insertion: .also . nuc ttnCICDV ITCU M
H; AND A GOOD ONE; TOO. finished with 3-inch Torchon lace ruf- UNt nUoltni 1 1 tin, §4
; B: LADIES'" HANDKERCHIEFS, made fle, dust ruffle included. If. this were- AND A GOOD ONE TOO. WX
¦ HTof fine lawn, hemstitched,' also finished not a sample you would not be able «• " " _.„„. -an^h mart* nf S
H with corded lines through the center, to buy it A under $3 50. Our sample. M J«« £$**<>£ I
1 ffi It's values * like these that make us price '..81.75 18^ t black Don't Overlook I
j | busy ............. : ...-. .^.......e^C S^MhW^...^f.:.S5c I
•' H ¦'• TO-WIORROW: tucks Torchon lace and Insertion. ptjt BOTH TOUR FEET INTO 1
1 WE PLAGE ON SALE IN OUR LACE DEPT. sample price : 49c these bargaixs-a sure cure I
¦n-ilL runULUn unuuiii wuii utubUbTii w *L MINT OTHER GOOD OF- FOR TENDER FEET, made of the ']
M 85 pieces*VALENCIENNES LACE, F^Sf NG s T OO NUMEROUS TO best Egyptian cotton, white feet, fast £
fB ane-half inch wide; made in the newest J^^fVoSj MIND THIS IS ONLY black, pliable and elastic, double heels El
H natterns, good, strong, washable edge • B JSSPg p THE M^- and double toes, full lengrth. Thlsffl
H Our way of selling,. 12 yards or a piece A* *iW ur in£j ?«,„„« m^k'stiriw 12^c HQ
B for ....T20c- Sale O'Farrell-street Entrance. , weeK s price. - x-m. pj
1 Till? ROwWRFRIt running through ro ii 0'farrell.pheun building, Si
.1 JUiJ JIUOJU1^JPJUIV\A$ . MAIL ORDERS SOLICITED.* Verus cures piles : br^ $50, reward. - All up
to-date druggists sell and guarantee it. *
$50 ' Reward -)
For.", ulcerated \ leg _'. that " cannot be cured f . by j
Ulcerlne'Co., 40 Ellis" street. .;. =-, •, :'. '. . .,..¦-.''. .
W. S. Morrow,- collector, -214 Pine street,
secured s? warrant from 'Judge • Cabanisa
yesterday . for the ; arrest of . M.;= R. f Krig->
baum, real , estates agent, : ; Mills i building,
on the charge of libel. 1 The j alleged I libel
was contained .in a letter » sent; by ;Krig
baum on July. 23 -1 to -; the ' Moise-Klinkner
Company/: 320 % Sansome street, Mn^which
the words •"Business 1 men •>¦: who > employ
blackmailing 'collectors* must i- stand * the
consequences thereof'.' appear.-; The words,
it Is alleged, apply to Morrow. ;,.>. . ,
Morrow. Says : He Is Libeled.
'.* "Mld^gy" Maguire andjAi, Hampton, the
foremost ' handball /experts 'of -the I coast,
were *¦ to'* have I competed last \ evehing ¦:' at
the Olympic Club \ for • the " Kenneth-Mel
rose^ cup, -but owlr.gr to, a; dispute as: to
time of play the = game iwas ¦ postponed
until this afternoon; 'The' winner, of. this
'contest wllk-be j awarded:: the ' handsome
trophy,. which he: will keep in his posses
sion- for one year. • The f trophy" must »be
won three -times* to become the property
of- the winner.: :¦[-..- :-:; ; . i <¦ ' •¦¦:.¦ ¦•;.¦ •;-'- .- \
'Olympic dub Handball ¦ Games.
*; Owen : Donahue, who was < wounded at
Camp Gage, Santa Cruz,:on<Mune»23, i by
the accidental discharge of a rifle, against
which" he': was leaning, died 'at-1025 ; Sutter
street yesterday f morning • f roni the effects
of the wound. V An inquest will be held to
determine the question - &sj to whether
Donahue's death was not the result of ne
glect-by the surgeons at the camp.
« Donahue was engaged as. ai cook In the
camp,"' and "after, a sham 'battle he. was
leaning against; a ; rifle rolling; a cigarette,
when the weapon was discharged. It was
loaded with a blank; cartridge, and the
powder forced , portions of. the clothing
into Donahue's side. " i The surgeons made
a cursory- examination and pronounced the
wound only, a trifling affair.
' Donahue: was removed: to^ tie home of
relatives in Napa and. growing worse, was
taken to a* physician's house ; at 1025 Sut
ter street, where he died. j -
INQUIRY INTO ¦> ALLEGEI) .
; [¦¦; :V negi«ect ; by ¦ doctors
Owen Donahue's Friends |Say That
His Death Was Due to Unskill
ful Treatment^ -'-'-
. CHICAGO, July 27,— Cadillac won the
sixth trial race for theCanatla's cup this
afternoon and unless a claim of v foul,
made by ; _ the skipper J of .the Illinois, -:1s
allowed, will,' in all probability, be award
ed the honor of defending the cup against
the Canadian boat invader. -.The race to
day made the third victory. for the Cadil
lac against: the two -wins for the Milwau
kee and one ' for the Illinois.- -The latter
boat was second. Milwaukee third and De
troit -' fourth. The -race to-day vwas nine
miles before^the" wind and the same dis
tance to- windward.' The official elapsed
time for. the boats was as follows: Cadil
lac. 3:15:30; - Illinois,- 3:15:40; Milwaukee.
3:27:25; Detroit. 3:43:42. .
Cadillac Is* the Winner. "*
-Action «Upon the Suggestion of
., Commissioner -Powderly.
v Customs; Collector.^ Stratton; announces
that • he\ will? not take any, action: in the
matter of ' the : requested disbarment from :
the Chinese Bureau of Clarkson Dye and
v Dye and Stidger-incurred the official dis
pleasure of Chief Dunn of the bureau be
•cause of the ¦ manner • in : which they ¦ had
handled . certain-eases for Chinese \ clients.
The chief reported to Commissioner Pow
derly at Washington,'and'the,Commission
er reported to Collector Stratton that Dye
and Sidger.had been guilty of grossly un
professional " conducts attd^suggested that
the Collector should, in his discretioniwlth
hold from the'accused attorneys the priv
ile&es'of'the,bureau.- v-'v-^r-~-_ =
- Messrs. ? Dye and. Stidger. deny that they
have - been guilty of * unorof essional f con
duct, and! say; that Chief - Dunn : was H not
Justified: in J his* harsh • criticisms \>t them.
DYE AND y. STIDGER ARE
v NOT'' TO BE DISBARRED
Collector ¦ Stratton .: Declines • to ', Take
cision j yesterday ' which settles j the legal
fight ; carried on by the heirs - over 5 the
$150,000 estate lef t : by James W. . Cudworth,'
who died in May, 1898. " J -' - f ¦'.
¦ The : contest has been conducted princi
pally by Royal :.\V. Cud worth, a son. His
appeal to thef Supreme Court was that the
executor should receive but. half the usual
fee, in accordance with the law, which
states that such payment is lawful when
no labor is. involved In the . position ba
yond custody and distribution, and that
the personal property should be consid
ered as separate holdings, in which: the
widow should have no share. The execu
tor gave evidence to the amount of labor
which .'he had 1 performed' and the court
sustained his claim.* - •- "
' Young Ctfilworth showed that all his
father's money : hed been made previous
to his marriage, and was therefore not
community property. Mrs. Cudworth at
tempted , to prove that her own property
had been mingled with: that of the de
ceased, 1 and that the estate was in conse
quence shared ' equally betweerMhem. i The
court held,- however." to the -contrary, and
the • personal t property, ! amounting I to $58,
000. will be distributed to the other heirs. ¦
STJPREME COURT ENDS
' BITTER LEGAL FIGHT
Widow Cut • Off From Share in Per
sonal Property of .Rich Cud
r..- worth Estate.
The Supreme Court -handed down a de-
GOUROCK.-July 27.— The Shamrock II,
accompanied by the Erin, sailed at 10:20
o'clock this morning for New. York. Great
enthusiasm was displayed as the chal
lenger departed.
Captain Sycamore desired to go under
canvas, and he was favored with a light
easterly wind, sufficient to keep the flags
streaming in the direction the yachts had
to sail. The challenger cut a. strange flg
ure with her ¦ stunted spars and scanty
canvas as she ran ready to start. At 10
o'clock Sir Thomas Lipton and Watson,
the yacht's designer, boarded her,, and a
few minutes later the challenger's moor
ings were slipped, her headsails broken
out and- the Shamrock. II started on her
voyage across the Atlantic.
Thousands of people gathered along the
shore and on the pier, at Gourock and
greeted the yacht's departure with a great
outburst of cheering again and again re
newed. Hats and handkerchiefs were
waved, guns saluted and steam whistles
and sirens shrieked. The Shamrock's
crew were all mustered on deck, and, led
by Sir Thomas, gave a hearty response
to the greetings. For miles along" the
shore crowds occupied every vantage
point and the cheers -passed from group
to | group- until the challenger, with her
racing flag at the masthead and the Erin
with the Stars and Stripes flying at her
fore, disappeared from sight.-. ¦
Sir Thomas Lipton remained aboard the
challenger I until she was off Curnbraes,
when he returned on a tug. Before leav
ing, he addressed the challenger's crew,
thanking them for what they had done
already and wishing • them godspeed on
the voyage and a successful finish to their
,task.- ¦-¦ '¦ ¦ ,• • ;?%'.¦"¦ •''¦'¦..'•¦¦
LIPTON'S YACHT
LEAVES BRITAIN
Shamrock II Is Now on
Her Way Across
i : the Ocean.
VCTDICT OF SUICIDE r ¦
IN BBECKINUIBGE CASE
TJnf orttmate Young Man Had Been a
Nervous Wreck for Tea
Years Past.. . -
A verdict of suicide while temporarily
Insane was rendered yesterday by a Coro
ner's jury in the case of Lloyd Tevis
Brecklnridge, who was found dead In bed
last ' Thursday evening at his residence,
1216 Taylor street-
Dr. Harry L. Tevis was the principal
' He testified that young:' Breck
inridge had been Buffering with a nervous
<iisorder ever since he was 13 years old,
and that during the spells of depression
and melancholy he was unable to use his
arms and complained cf pains in tbe back.
At such times the young man used to
threaten to kill himself, but in his normal
moments he looked upon the idea, of sui
cide with abhorrence. On account of his
infirmity he had not been able to pursue
any vocation or engage in any business
whatever. The suicide had his clothes
on and had covered himself with the bed
clothing when he turned on the gras and
placed the tube in his mouth.
Cella Kavanagh, a maid; "William
Latham, butler, and Charles Keller, sec
ond butler, i testified that when young
Brecklnrldgre returned from Monterey a
¦week ago last Friday no was .very melan
choly.
.. :-,--•--•¦—/'•¦ W i. ¦ !
Results - of ; ; Playing in ¦< the
Natwnalfand^ American^
',.... '¦-¦- ¦¦¦¦'-.
V PHILADELPHIA, ' July ' 27.— The home * team
won two games from, Brooklyn to-day- by close
scores, " the first game requiring" eleven innings.'
Jennings injured his hand, In the': first i game
and was . compelled to retire. Attendance, 20,«
000. , Score:- . -.; , y . ¦ . . \ ¦¦: - ". -
':¦_ Club3— ";': '; .' U:,R- , r H. - E.
Brooklyn ........ : ....;... ...... l; .¦•" 9 ;• 0
Philadelphia*.......:........ .2 f 7 \
¦¦- Batteries— Donovan" and Farrell: 'Orth. and
Jacklltch. - . - : v, "
"Second game:. \ s . - ;
•'.Clubs— '"'¦'•/.- \'". '' ¦¦ ' H.', H. . V B.
Brooklyn..... ..3 8 3
Philadelphia! .'........; ....4 : . 10 0
; Batteries — Newton ami ' Magulre; rj Dougleby
and McFarland. j Umpire— Dwyer.
.-, CHICAGO,' July 27.^-Chlcago scored nine runs
to-day on eight singles and what was • un
doubtedly the worst exhibition ¦ of : rank play-
Ing seen here this season. Remarkable catches
by Green, Harley, Crawford and Bergen were
features. Attendance, .1100.' Score:
" Clubs— ' * t .. R. • H. E.
Chicago'.'. . : .;. 9-. 8- 1
Cincinnati ......................... 3 13 9
Batteries— Taylor and Kahoe; Hahn and
Bergen. Umpire— Nash. - ¦ ;..\ ¦ : . ; 
; NEW YORK, July. 27.— The New Torks did
not get a hit ofi DIneen to-day until the eighth
inning. Then Hickman'made a honie run and
Warner a . double. Errors . b-" v Gansel and
Strang gave Boston two- of. its three runs in
the same inning. Attendance, 9300.-, Score: • -
j Clubs- , ' |"( ¦ | - : R. ' H. B.
New York...... ......... .......'... 1 2 3
Boston .....,: .......:.. 3 7 1
'" Batteries — Taylor and "Warner; Dineen and
Kittredge. Umpire— Emslie.. ¦ - ; ¦:. ¦;.¦¦
I ST. . LOUIS, Mol, July j 27,-PIttsburg romped
away with , to-day* s game before 16, 000 fans
because of rank. fielding by the locals. Eight
errors are charged and there were many bits
of poor judgment displayed.; Score:
Clubs— ' • : " • . R. H.: E.
St. Louis * ....' ....>.. 4 8- ; 8
Plttsburjf ....7 ¦¦. "9.' 3
I Batteries— Sudhoft and Schriever; Tannehlll
and Zimmer. Umplres-^>'Day andBrowo.
AMEltfCAN "LEAGUE. ?
. CHICAGO, July 27.— The locals - started out
by making seven hits and scoring the same
number of runs In the first two innings. • Lewis
replaced Mitchell, in the second and after that
time , held ! 'the locals safe until the - wlnnUig
run was scored. Attendance, .12,500. Score:
j Clubs- ; " -' - - r.- - I{.-- - p.-
Chlcago ....:.. ....:. 8; 11 5
Boston .- '..• 1 \". IS 3
Batteries— Callahaa and Sullivan; Mitchell,
Lewis and Schreck. ....'. . . ,.-..: — .
DETROIT, July 27.— Gleason's single, a wild
pitch and Elberf eld's hit to center in the ninth
brought in the only run scored .to-day. •- Teager
and McGlnnlty were very effective.- and the
fielding of both teams wag good. Attendance,
30C0. Score:. y . ' . •- *¦
Clubs— R. H. E-
Baltimore 0 -. - S - •- 0
Detroit ...'. 1' 8 1
Batteries— McGlnnlty and Bresnahan; Yeager
and ' Shaw. _ . s - • . i ¦ •,
•" CLEVELAND, j July 27.— When ; a. hit would
have tied the score In the 'ninth ¦ Inning to
day the mighty Lajoie struck out,' and Phila
delphia lest by a, score of 4 to 3, ' after out
batting Cleveland two to one. - Attendance, 2400.
Score: • . " - . '
Clubs— Jt H. -" E.
Cleveland .,......,..., 4 5 . 1
Philadelphia S ' 11 , 3
Batteries— Scott and Connor;* Fraser. and
Powers. -' ~ . _ ¦- - : ¦
MILWAUKEE, July 27.— Milwaukee could do
nothing with'Patton to-day", although Sparks
was hit hard. The fielding on both sides was
sharp and clean. Attendance-, 17C0. Score:
Clubs— . - -i ; " : R. h.' - E-
Milwaukee 0 - " 10" ¦-.- . 2
Washington .....w. ..7: 16.; 2
Batteries— Sparks and Maloney; Patton and
Clarke. . ¦ ?. -;.,:.;-.. • ' .. , :
WOMAN MAKES ; A*,^ SCENE
IN THE POLICE * COfTET
Mrs. Hannah. Pettit Attempts to Land
Her Fist on Judge Cabaniss'
• Face.
Mrs. Hannah Fettit caused a sensation
in Judge Cabanjss' court yesterday, by at
tempting" to strike the Judge and scream
ing and shouting at the top of her voice.
The 'Judge ordered" her. in to custody and
may send her before the- Insanity Com
mission,ers for examination. - .* ¦
/ Mrs. Pettit was arrested on complaint
of a neighbor, W. , F. ' Berke, 436 > Sixth
street, on - the charge of disturbing the
peace. When ' the case -was called she
went straight' to the bench, gesticulating
and shouting, and made a pass with her
right hand at ! the Judge, who ducked and
avoided£the blow. She was waving her
arms -the Judge's head, when
Bailiff -Fleming ' grabbed hold of her and
forced her away. ..The, Judge ordered her
into -custody and continued the case till
?Wednesday. '. Mrs. Pettit '?. continued , her
shouting till . Bh'e was locked, up -in -the
City Prison, when she. quieted down. .
'- League Club ' Entertainraent.
[ The League. Club, -composed of. members
of the- League of the Cross Cadets, has
arranged a series of monthly entertain
ments and dances.. The first of these af
fairs will take' place at Odd Fellows' Hall
on Friday evening next.
— * ¦ TZ — 77. . . v ' .... . *¦•¦
One amateur cornet player is all the
musician a neighborhood needs. . .
geles 1, . San Francisco 2. •' Left on ¦ bases — Los
Angeles 6, San Francisco 1 5. :. Struck : out — By
Hartwell 9, by Iburg 3. -.Time. of game— 1 hour
twenty-flve minutes. .Umpire— Levy. . : •.
:¦''¦¦¦',¦ ¦ /.SUMMARY./;. :\ -¦¦ ¦':¦¦;/''¦,'
Runs responsible for— Iburg 2. \ Two-base hits
—Kelly,; Householder. vl Sacrifice :'¦ hit^-Pabst.
First base on errors— Los Angeles 1, San Fran
cisco - 1. First base • on ¦ called balls— Los ; An-
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS. '
Los Aneeles ........... 0.0 10010:1 •— 3
Base hits :.;.... ....0 0 1 1 1 2 0-2 •— 7
San Francisco .:...... 0 0 0 0 0- 0 : 0 0 0^-0
Base hits 0 (fc 0 1 0 0 0 0 1— 2
Totals .".......I... .29 " 0t 2 0. 24 9 , 2
Total .........SI' 3. 7 2 27 11 . 1
SAN FRANCISCO. . v ; t . '
- AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Croll cf ............. 4 0 0 , 0 1 0_— 0
Hildebrand. If ...... 3 0 :0 0 '3 0 0
Schwartz. 2b ....... 3 0 1.^0 0 1 0
Pabst.lb.. I.'. 3 v 0 1 ¦ 0 10 0 0
Krug, ES ..400 02 20
Nordyke, rf -^. ...... 3 0. 0 0 2 0 1
J Reilly, 3b......... 3 • 0 0- 0. 1 3 !1
Graham, c 3:0-0 0 6 . .1 0
Iburg, p ;8 0 0 0 0 2.0
Angels [ Make < It '.: Three Straight by
. ¦¦¦¦'.: Handing Out a (loose Egg. . ,-
LOS ' ANGELES, > July 27.— Hartwell
made' a wonderful i pitching, record to-day,
shutting San' Francisco out without a run
and causing nine strike-outs. -- Pabst was
the ' only Wasp • ¦ to J make a clean hit.
Schwartz's bunt was safe, but lucky. It
wal a brilliant .fielding game. Score: .;
. '. : • los-angel.es.. "
ab. r. bh. sb. po. a. e.
Brockhoff, rf 4 -1 . 1 0 0 0 0
Reitz. 2b 4 • 0 > 1 0 1 1 0
Hutchlnson; lb .... 4 1 0 ; 1 12 0 1
Householder, cf ... 4 ¦ 0 , 2 0 2 .0 0
Bowman, If - 4 0 .1 0 0 0 0
C. Reilly. 2b. 2 0-0 1 0 7 0
Spies.vc 2 1 -0. . 0 10 0 "0
Kelly, ss ....."...... 3- 0 2 0 0 1 0
Hartwell. p.... 3 0 0 0 2. 2 0
WIPING \ IN HANK'S CAMP.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A; E. :
Dretinahy'c'f.V.V...;.. S 3 3 0 6- O'.O
JLolunan, c 4 0-0 0 -6 0 '. ,0
Strieb; lb... :......... 6 ill 0 18 0 0
Eagan, 3b.... ........ 6 1 20 2 10
iDunleavy, If...:..... 6 0 1<>\e 3 0 0
Francks. ss:. ........ 6. ' 1 ." 1 .'¦ 2- 6 3 ..-2
Arrellanes. 2b. S 0 " 10 1 9 1
Babbitt, rf .....' 4". .0 -;0,. : 0. .8 1 . 0
Johnson, p.......:...: 2 • 1 • 0.0 0 .3 -0
Hodson, p. «»...... .2 .0 a. 0^0 2 ¦ 0
•Moskiman ¦:.:....:.:. 1- .0 0' 0 ¦¦ 0 0 0
. Totals . ......... .1^.47 X- 6 1» 2. 42 19 V
•,'.;¦ . . ,¦ SACRA MEXTO.
v AB. R: BH. Sa PO. A. E.
Devereaux. a*:. ....'.. -7 ' '• 0y : .- 1 -¦. 0 6 -6^.0
McLaughlin, If 4 .2111 0 6
Courtney, Sb.....,.:.'7 < 1 ¦', 30": 3 -. : 4 , 0
Doyle, p ..,.7 1 1/ 0 0 4 0
Stricklett. rf ...-. 7 v. 2 . 2,0 2 0 1
Stanley, c ......S T 0 2 0 8 2 0
Eheeban, 3b..... 5 ' 0 - ft.. 0, 1 , 4 2
McGucken. If 7 0 10 2 0 0
Hanlon, lb .6.1 : 1 1 20 1 1
' 'Totals ..... .:..... 54 .. 7 - 12- - 2 42-21 *" 4
• *Batted for Arrellanes in fourteenth inning.
RUNS TAND HITS BY : INNINGS. \ ",
Oakland .."...:.;../... 0 0 2 0 0 2110 0 0 0 0 0—6
i Base hits 01100201100 11 2-10
Sacramento .....,.«.-. OOOOOO2O40000 1— 7
Base hits. ..I...?:.. 0 12 6 0 12 0 4 0 0 00 2—12
"SUMMARY.- V*
Runs' responsible • forr-Doyle - 3, -Johnson - 2,
Hodson 1. . Home run— Eagan. . Three-base hits
— Drenncn, Stricklett. Stanley." Tw6-base hits—
Harilon,' ' Duhleavy, Arrellanes." Sacrifice hits —
McLaughlin, Lehman, Sheehan, Francks. First
base on errors— Sacramento 3, Oakland 2. First
base on called balls— Sacramento 5, Oakland 3.
Left ' on bases— Sacramento 13, Oakland ¦• 4.
Struck out— By Doyle. 6, • by Johnson 2, by Hod
eon 1/ Hit by pitcher— Sheehan. . Double plays
—Doyle to Devereaux ~ to -Hanlon; ! Hanlon to
Stanley; 'Doyle to Devereaux to Hanlon; Stanley
to Devereaux.vTlme of game— 2:30. Umpire-
Graves.' Official: scorer— McFarlane. ( -
Sacramento and Oakland J faced each
other in tbe greatest game of the season
yesterday afternoon at Recreation Park,
and the cranks who wef^? fortunate
enough to.be in: attendance; witnessed an
exhibition of the national game that' is
not likely to be. forgotten while baseball
is in vogue in this city. It was a contest
replete -with thrilling incidents, -such % as
long hits, double plays and errors at crit-'
ical perio'ds, and the game was nobody's
until "Dr." Mopkiman struck out at'the
end of the fourteenth inning, with two out
and as many on bases. The Senators car
ried off the laurels by the close score of
7 to 6. •
It was the Dudes' lot to suffer their
usual run' of hard luck, Arref lanes being
the offender this tim <S.., With two outvin
the ninth he tried to capture a fly which
belonged to Babbitt, made a rank error,
let in a run and the Legislators, encour
aged by this gain, fell onto a few ot ! Am
brose Hodson's curves, tying . the score
then and there. After this occurrence it
was nip and tuck for five extra rounds,
; until- Stricklett came- home with '.the -win
ning tally in the fourteenth. . . - ;
It was all Oakland up to the ninth. .The
¦DudesT bunched their hits on Doyle and
the fans looked pleased, for they thought
that Ewing's oripnles had at Uast lifted
the*hoodoo whlcl?. has hovered over them
for so - long and would win the game
hands down. Up to the ninth inning they
accumulated six runs, one being a four
cushion swipe over the" center field fence
by '."Truck" Eagan, bringing Strieb, who
was on first, in. - ? '¦' . • *
• In the eighth Johnson, who was doing
good work, was retired in favor of Hod
son, 1 the twirler of journalistic fame. The
disaster" occurred rin -this, round, and poor
Ambrose has succeeded in placing the
Benedicks one- step further from the top.
Such- are the fortunes of baseball, but In
the meantime Hcdson should take an oath
never again to lift his pen to write about
baseball. "-• - - ; ¦ : • "-¦ ...
Sacramento, made. its. grand splurge in
the ninth". Two were out' when Charley,
Doyle knocked 'an easy one to Babbitt's
territory. Arrollanes tried- to get it but
failed," letting McLaughlin in; and here
begins the story of jiow the champions
took possession of the game.' . "With two
men on bases Stricklett tore off a three
bagger, bringing them in. Stanley fol-:
lowed with: a .single, scoring .Stricklett
and tying the score. Sheehan, then, made
an easy out. ending the run getting for
flve more rounds.
Neither side could do anything more un
til Sacramento's half of the fourteenth
was reached. In this inning Doyle led off
with a single, but was. forced out at sec
ond on ' Stricklett' s easy- one. At this;
juncture Matt Stanley connected with the
sphere for three stations, Stricklett com
ing in and winning" the 'hard-fought bat,
tle f or .the lawmakers. Some were of the
opinion that Stricklett should have been
out at home, as Devereaux was standing
near the home plate and in a' small way
interfered with the ball. The- umpire,
however, thought different and the matter
was ended. The score: .
; OAKLAND. /
Sacramento 7, Oakland 6.
Senators Tie Score in the
ir Ninth and Then Win Out
• in the Last Round. .
:V • ¦ ' ¦ '.....' ".' '¦',.¦.¦
Oakland Defeated by
Sacramento^ in Four
teen Innings.
GREATEST GAME
OF THE SEASON
Reserve j stake, first round— Pasha Kennels'
Rocker beat T. J. Cronin's Tralee Boy, 4-0; P.
M. Curtis' McKinley' a bye; P. M. Curtis' Sir
Pitt beat T. J. Cronin's Parlor. Maid. 7-4; P.
M. ' Curtis' Cash beat Star Kennels' Master
Lawrence, 5-0; George Sharman's Black Flush
beat L. F, Bartels' ; Banner Bright, 10-3; Star
Kennels' "Fontenoy a bye; J. Cane's Greenhall
beat E. M. .Kellbgg's Modest Lad,' 5-3; Ed
Neave's Strayaway beat Aeneld Kenn^ls' Ar
gus, -. 21-8 ; JV Rock's Ladies' C?holce beat . P. ¦ M.
Curtis' Betty- Martin,' 12-10; Aeneld Kennels'
Agamemnon beat E. Geary's Bonnie Hughie,
8-6; A: R. ¦ Curtis'- Loyal Lad beat A. Vander
¦whltff» Montana Belle, 8-3; J. ¦ R. McCarthy's
John poe beat W. C. Glasson's Lady, Sears, 6-0;
. Pasha Kennels' ' Master ; Rocket beat J. Car
roll's Auckland,: 7-5; C. AV.Bonar's Wild Norah
beat W. P. Reilly's Lady Granard, 4-2;. A. R.
Curtis' Vulcan beat J.- D. Cardinell's.- Union
Jack;>ll-3; D. J. Healey's Tiburon beat T. J.
Cronin's . Killarney, S-5; Pasha Kennels' • Rude
Awakening. beatvChiarinl Bros.' Bona"Mag
*lfica,: 9-7 ; T. J. Mclnerney' s Johnnie • R beat
Pasha Kennels'. Ben Kirby. 12-7; >. R: Curtis'
Cundelarla beat Chiarini 1 Bros." Santonin, . 10-7;
W. J. Leonard's Tom Hurlick beat E. Geary's
Bonnie Pasha, 5-0; J. Kelly's Gov. Mao beat E.
Geary's Ruby Sankey, 8-6; G." Graham's Ty
rone Prince beat- F. A.' McComb's Hot Haste,
4-2; E. M. ; Whlteside's Greenback beat 'Pasha
Kennels'; Lawrence, 5-0; T. . J. Cronln' s Thorn
hill beat S. -Henderson's Trade - Dollar, 8-0; J.
A. Klein's Coronado beat J. Moriarity's Kittle
man, 8-5; P. M. Curtis' Warpath beat Star
Kennels' Black. Head, 7-5; P. M.- Curtis' Shadow
beat Pasha Kennels' Snapshot, 11-7; P. Jack
son' s I Golden Russet ; beat George Sharman' s
Bowery Boy, 3-1; Aeneid Kennels' Achilles beat
Sterl &. Knowles' Freeze Out, 3-1; ,P. J.
Nolte's Silver Lyon beat Aeneid Kennels'
Athena. 3-0; W. C. Glasson's Sleigh Bells beat
P. Reilly's Cascade, 6-4; E. Neave's First Foot
beat D. J. '• Healey's Elista, 6-2; ' Sterl &
Knowles' Ripple beat Star Kennels' Pickpocket,
13-2;- J. M. Hal ton' s May Hempstead. beat A.
Vanderwhite's -". Copper King, 5-0; Chiarlnl
Bros.' AVhite Hat beat F. B. Gerber's Mount
Ida. 4-0; Sterl & Knowles' Cold Shivers beat
J.-Maher's Game Cook, 12-5; H. L. .Meharry's
Roxana beat Pasha Kennels' Rest Assuerd, 7-3;
T. J. Mclnerney'8 Norah beabJ. Smith's Boney
Boy. 6-2 r George Sharman's St. Ives beat L.
F.- Bartels' Best- Bargain, 3-0; J. Perigo's.Far
away a bye; J. Smith's Master Workman beat
T. ¦ J.' Mclnerney's Regina R,- 4-2; -Pasha Ken
nels' Real Article beat P. Doyle' sThelma/ 7-4;
P. M. : Curtis' Narcissus beat T.* J. Cronin's
Minnie, 14-8; E. Geary's Fannie Hughie beat
F., A. McComb's Patriot, 9-3; A. R. Curtis'
King Cotton beat Pasha Kennels'. Rustic Arbor,
12-S; E. ,M.- Kellogg' s Sweet Emma beat Sterl
& Knowles' For .Liberty. • 7-4; D. f. Healey's
Tapioca beat J. D. Cardinell's Jesiby, 14-0;
Sterl & Knowles' For Glory beat George Shar
man's Chicago Boy, 5-2; P. Doyle's ; Liberator
beat Pasha ¦ Kennels' Royal Archer, 7-1; • E.
Geary's Minnie Sankey' beat' Pasha Kennels'
Royal Alliance, 18-3; Ed Neave's Castaway beat
W. N. Hoag's Cecil M. 6-0:T. J. Mclnerney's
Annie Hall beat W. H. Kocker*s Merriwa,
21-14.^ . V ¦ ¦..,¦ r^r-l- .-'¦.'¦¦¦.- . " . - -
• The English dog Bright Gold is In good
trim and is expected to make a showing
in his initial course. '
Following are the day's results .- with
Judge John Grace's official scores: ,.
"Winners in the second round look to be
Rocker, Black-. Flush, Fonte"?»oy, Green
hall, Agamemnon, John Doe, Wild; Norah,
Vulcan, Johnnie R, Tom Hurlick, Tyrone
Prince, :. Greenback, Coronado, Shadow,
Achilles, First Foot, Ripple, White Hat,
Norah, St. Ives, Real Article, Narcissus,
King Cotton, For Glory, Liberator and
Castaway. ; ••, . ¦ ¦ ' < ¦ -,
In the Champion stake Brutus, . Luxor,
Rectos, Ireland, .Dewdrop, Fine Fire, Fly
ing Fox, Homer Boy, Anchor, Lady Clare,
Sisquoc and -Wedgewood are the likely
winners in the run down.
When - May • Hempstead's colors were
raised the wise ones were out a number
of sheckels.v Copper King, their; choice,
was backed to even money ' from 2 . , to 5
at opening and received a liberal play.
He failed. to score. . ; . ¦ -
Narcissus is stake favorite, but at that
the talent did not- go into ecstasies over
his showing;with Minnie. ', -
John.Doeran a' fast dog, and with Ty
rone Prince figures best at the top of the
card. King Cotton and For ¦ Glory appear
the- choice at the bottom. Agamemnon is
a good outside chance and Black Flush is
a likely candidate for a. position near the
finish. • ¦ ,
Iri the rundown of the Reserve stake- at
Union Coursing Park yesterday , the hares
were such a ' speedy lot that throughout
the entire day's sport the trials .resulted
In j fair tests without a fluke being re
corded.*: ' '-¦ - : '-:-'! :- -" \ ¦'-¦'," ¦•¦ ''-'¦ ' '
In the' early part of the stake Ladies
Choice' beat 'Betty Martin In a course
that lasted four minutes. ' The hare that
furnished the excessive exercise for g its
pursuers was an athlete of no mean ; cali
ber. 'He: not' alone outdistanced the or
iginal brace of coursers sent after him
but evaded the ever ready relief dog.
Madge Wildfire, and her companion and
made ' good escape when the band had
stopped " scoring." ¦
Candelaria took the flag from Santonin,
who: was held a 3 to 1 favorite, but not
before three courses had been run. Tom
Hurlick, at 4 to 1, followed with a clever
score, against Bonnie Pasha. ' Coronaao
beat ' Kettleman and Silver Lyon f beat
Athena, at 3 to 1. s Achilles beat Freeze
Out. Roxana beat Rest Assured, at 2 to
l,~and Fannie Hughie beat Patriot, at 10
to 1. The last named victor is a Futurity
cardidate "and showed good coursing qual
ities. : -¦: : . t .- •. ¦ . .•¦¦"- r> - } . -¦
Narcissus: First v Choice r in
the: Big .
; Stake.
Strong Hares Set, a Fast
Pace; for Pursuing
bounds, v
COURSERS GIVEN
SEVERE TRIALS
Brooklyn Iipses to Phila
v delphia bjr Close ;
"Scores. Wri©^X :
QUAKERS WIN
DOUBLE HONORS
THE SAN FR A NCISCO CALL, gUJ? DAY, >HJLY 28, 1901 .
R«v. Dr. W. P. Thirkield of Cincinnati
will address the Methodist- Ministers'
Association at its meeting Monday. His
topic will be "The Problem of the Races."
Problem of tlie Baces.
Trapper's Oil. cure's rheumatism and neuralgia.
Druggists, 60c fiask. Richards &Co.; 406 Clay. .*
, Mrs.' Rose Thompson, a "dissipated
woman and the mother of five young chil
dren, died ' last Friday- night in > her
squalid home, 1513 Baker street. Her chil
dren played around the body until . neigh
bors came in and discovered the corpse
lying on the floor.' '.-¦¦. . :• ?;.- •>
John Thompson, the head of the family,
¦was- a conductor on- the California-street
Railway, but was obliged to resign his
position a few days ago because his wife
persisted in annoying and humiliating him
with drunken abuse in public. - Thompson
left his house on Friday night to escape
her abuse. The house was in- a filthy con
dition. ' _,
-Thompson is a sober and .industrious
man and received a very. flattering letter
of recommendation " from ' his employers.
Coroner Leland will hold an inquest. •
DISSIPATED W0XO.N DIES
IN HEB SQUALID HOME
Mrs. . Boss Thompson Dead on the
- Floor, Her Children Playing
in the Room,
i'. :
22
fa 8 B 9i 1 tf^l f 1 " 11 !*"' Equipments, rish-
¦ a 8 H MlI Iw lng TackIe > Athletic Goods.
§ai IHl3 etc " Send for catalogue.
UUliO SHREYE&- BARBER C0. f .
v /T' 739 MABXBT ud 611 SSAS5T J
1O71K- Market *r>tr&&t
(Opposite HIbernia -Bank),. San Francisco, 'Cal.
-persons orderinR glasses by. mail should state
their age. r also whether glasses are wanted. for
reading or distance, "> or both, and E what price.
£ Consultatlon.^i Examination I and .-Advice - Free,
i.lephpne South'572.> Open: Evenings. Until 9
p< -GERMAN EYEWATER; 50c. •
- . CUT- THIS -OUT. r^-v.""-.' '¦?£
, ft v :. The/German: Expert "Optician,
Is also a ¦ graduate of 5 AMERICAN COL-
LEGES : OF," OPHTHALMOLOGY and a char-
ter : member of the ~ American Association of
Opticians,- now 'located^ at :•-'• : '• :;' ,~ '. ;:; /-
MR: GEORGE MAYtRLE,
h visit DR. JORDAN'S great
fMUSEUH OF ANATOMY
4 * CB 1051 aiSISI ST. Sat 6ASF.&. Z.T.C1I. ,
\ Tlle Lar R est Anatomical Museum in U»e
A _Jfc^_ World. Weakaeises or »ny contracted
" K3I wseue po»*«»»«'«yrMrtiiiDy the oldest
#'|5£ 1 Specialist on U« Coast. Est. 36 years. I
' 1 flffirffl DB. JORDAN-DISEASES CF MEM
f ACzbB Con!«ultatk>5 free and itrirtlr prirate
¦ i ) I jjya '¦ Troaiment personally or by letter A.
X I y-,*rtW ¦ FMit ™» Curt in every ease undertaken.
I I 9 U -\ W ' Write f° r Bnok. ?niLOSUI>H¥ of
Jf » U t S4r.R!.tC£, MAILED FRBE fA
A f li (1 «>ubl? book for m«) * A
I 'nil. JOBDAX A CO.. 1051 .Market St.,3. P.
Broken Eye-Glass Lenses
fcr hifty Cents.
Any Asfgmatc Lens Duplicated for
S/.00'^/.5O.
Oculists' frcscrlp's. Filled. Thone— Main 10.
Quxk Repairing. Factory on Pr^mses.
I'mnrp «-up<v4icif huhdinc. CATALOGUE FREE.
OPT.CIAN S^ )OI >^«^-.
-642 Mark et 5t. immrumemtj
¦ Mr. Geo. Mayerle, S. F.,' Cal.— Dear Sir: Tour
glasses are | excellent: ; I have I had to. wear
glasses ever since I .was a. little boy.- I have
bought glasses from -many . expert opticians,
both In England and In the United States, but
it gives me ¦ much ¦ pleasure to state that your
glasses far exceed them all. I shall do all I
can to recommend them. 1 Yours very truly, ¦; ; •-
: .-:i • • - Rev. • ALFRED .WICKS.
FAR EXCBKDS THEM A',L,
TH5 EYE AaD BRAIN;
The Wrong Glasses Will Ruin; the Strongest Eyas.
MAYERLE'SC ASSES STRENGTHEN
NEGLECTED EYESIGHF
AFFECTS THE BRA!N.
EXPERT OPTICIAN.
0. V. G.
Pacific Coast Agents
SPECIALRESERVE
AT ALL FI3ST CIi.33 30TSL3 ISd ZZSZiZZl^iZ.
WILLIAM WOLFF & CO., s.v.v Fiasco
ANDREW USHER
The Peer cf all Scotch Whiskies
t Important Reduction Sale of New f
I Cotton Draperies I
0 Reliable goods at a saving of from i
t %lo almost % on former prices \
\ For this week commencing Alonday we shall have on 'Special V
J Sale hundreds and hundreds of yards of the choicest of f
,, F Hangings, new and desirable goods taken from our regular, stock. F
<f These draperies are in the prettiest of Oriental, Scroll, and Floral b
Q designs in colorings particularly adapted for bed, spreads and^ "^
a bed room curtains, also used for comforter covering. They are i
J great values and will not last- long at the price^quoted, our A
J advice — be prompt. - ... X
\ To-Morrow's Prices : f
J 36 inch Figured Sateen Drapery x r*p \
\ That formerly sold at 20c and 25c yard, now ¦*¦ J^ V
{ 36 inch Royaline Crepe Drapery T £{"* i:
? That formerly sold at 20c and 25c yard, , ,- now •*• \j^ ,' \
f ....¦- ¦. ¦ 1 - -- ; ¦' - / '; \'..''- x
j High Class Silk, Petticqats: M
Beautiful Goods Marked Down
? Our entire line reduced. : AH are this season's choicest f
? styles. Some are tucked,' some accordian plaited, others with : v t
9 ruffles and ruchings. Colorings are many and varied, there '#
4 are light and dark shades' in extreme novelties. AH will be
$ closed out at these reduced prices : . &$A'i
\ Taffeta Silk Petticoats &- )
* Formerly $8.50, $9 and $9. 50 each Reduced to y • W V^, \ 4
\ Taffeta Silk Petticoats -Ct-- Q^rb {'
¦a Formerly $11, $11.75 and $12.75, Reduced to Cp . ''$£& ' i
j} TafFeta Silk Petticoats . 4iyrS . J
1 Formerly $14, $15.50 and $16.75, Reduced to CpivJ«^ - f
A ' ¦; ¦ \ ' }'
p Taffeta Silk Petticoats CItO f\O I
$ Formerly $19.50, $21 and $22. 50, Reduced to yjj -¦- • j
I ' - — — - - -; : ... I . r
? Special Clearance Sale \
I Choice Shirt Waists I
¦i At % to ]i off Regular Prices p||
Three Lots — Exceptional Values -^yt
t Worthy of Special;,rl^ticeJ^^^|
! Ladies' Madras, Chambray and Scotch Zephyr Waists in a
latest styles : Formerly $2 and $£25 each" - ;- Now # fSWrl
F Ladies' Cheviot, Madras and Lawn .Waists in ; fashionable v <ff'
f . colorings: Formerly $2.50 > each - . : -y^ - ; Now $ 1 .7 r>
Z Ladies' Batiste, Dimity and .Madras Waists in up-to-date v
\ styles and colors : Formerly $3.00 each - - •¦ nowgo^oo 1
V ,- . '¦ ' »/• ¦ " . . W -
L- ¦.. _ :...:.... . ¦ ¦.. \
AP U H K -' 1 ' i s jiiimEarra.' - ¦
SPECIALS
FOR tH IS WEgK.
Sf 450 pairs LADIES' IMPORTED KID GLOV^, ¦'
¦':: ¦•-¦ : -Diane seams anil -OYerseamSr all good snaaes, sizes
Price cbl.Uil raar.
: "J--_ from $1.75.
- 200 dozen LADIES' COTTON HOSE, fine gauge . anl
- Hermsdopr fast black, spliced soles, heels and toes,
Mb plain ;llaGK: and Maco reet .
Price 25c Pair.
; Regular Value $4.00 Dozen.
100 dozen LADIES' RIBBED LISLE THREAD VESTS,
: ecru or -wnite, low necK and sleeveless, also nign
neck with either long op short sleeves.
Price 50c Each.
75 LADIES' COLORED SILK SKIRTS, In nine dirrerent
colorings.' These Skirts' are made trom a good
auailtu of pure slik taffeta, have deep accordeon-
pleated flounces, and are pepfectln new goods. Price
to close - -
*$6«00 Each.
275 pieces Extra Qualltg GROS k DE NAPLES TAFFETA
RlBBONjfull 51nches;wide,ln flfteen-or the leading
newshades, , . r ¦ '
illil ' Price 35c Yard.
35 LADIES' FEATHER *BOASJ In Gran, Natural and
Black. These Boas are the finest eyer sold !b us -
anl measure full 45 Inches long.
Price $l2.5a Ea^h.
300 Dozen LADIES' HEMSTITCHED and EMBROIDERED
- " SHEER LINEN HANDKERCHIEFS, laundered OP
unlaunlered.
§1 Price 25c Each.
'¦ " ¦¦¦ - ¦¦ ' - > -•"-¦r;'r". f '
@WV9tttG%4 ¦ :¦"¦:-'¦
m. 115. .15. 117. 1.9. .2. POST STREET.
'The J. Aoonan Furniture Co. (Inc.) .
1 ¦¦_ ....... i _.
! INGkAIN CAkPETS,
! 40c Yard.
1 and up, at the great Mlsslon-st C!arpet '
' House, where you will find the newest and
I latest patterns and designs in these excel- '
' lent carDets and in the better grades also. ,
You will eet the pick of our beautiful
Tapestries^ -Body . Brussels and Velvets
all at the same modest prices in propor-
tion as above, because we pay no rent— 1
you save the difference.
The J.Ncoaan Furniture Company
TX-'ii (Incorporated).
IOI7-.IO23 Mission Street
Above Sixth, San Francisco.
We close at 6 p. m. every day but
Saturday.
kM- RosenthAl's« :
%yirs~ ** x :¦¦¦¦¦ -o«xxr
Mf sS PECIAJL tMm
M MIDSUMMER SALE <^
¦ li Most of one's time Is spent afoot these charming sum- W\ : }}
l\ mer days enjoying the numerous sports our climate af- v\ j •
ih<V fords. No such chance was ever offered to secure fine \k ; /
flvJvK "hoes for all purposes as we give in our special sale of -. N» /.
lfrt>(>()\ broken lots, small sizes and. some complete lines. These. \ ".
Ik > tlsn axe Bome of the prices: ' -
Ladies. ' ¦' -
-;. Indies' finest vici kid, cloth top, turn sole, lace and " I
M button. Newes t styles, all sizes and widths. " I -
Beduced to $2.90. - / ;1 '¦
t/0 Ladies* fine vici kid. full extension sole walking shoes, ¦ l!
if In lace and button, full bulldog toe, all sizes and widths. . * \ -.
\\ Beduced to S2.25. :, 7 I
-W- __ . Broken lots of ladles' tan and black vici kid. button. ' ' '¦¦ flV
\\V2^ Beducsd to 81.OO to close them out. , W
\jr Misses and Childirenr L%
\\ff Misses' bhH children's fine vici kid, full extension sole, AN -y
ly- button and lace, all sizes and widths.- -,' -¦ ' .' ."*Continued on ; Page ' Twenty-Five';
Continued on , Page Twenty r rive;
No I have not a single appointee In the
office of the Collector of internal Revenue. and
Not Under Obligations.?
two R^iniblican administrations.*: Judging -the
future by the past. I hardly think they will be
that good to us If their party - is successful
four years hence. I clso do «ot- think. ltMn
tbe Interest of the public service ¦ to make a
chance Jn the office of the Collector of inter
nal Revenue the first month -f July) of the fis
cal 5*ear. when thousands of licenses ' are . being
lFS-ut-d forUhe ensuing year. and. thousands: of.
x\evr revenue stamps are- being purchased and
old Btamps exchanged to comply with the pro
visions of the new law. . • . '-.
; In' answer to the urgent requests- for
[teamsters which the Draymen's Associa
tion has been sending broadcast over the
State eighty men arrived yesterday morn
ing from ; Bakersfleld. ¦ "-. Their, coming was
ikept as quiet as possible and not a single
"representative of .the brotherhood was on
hand . at the , station ¦ ' to dissuade ' t hem
from ; going to work. .They were met at
the Santa ' Fe ¦ depot by a. squad of police
Sergeant Brophy and . lmmedijitely
escorted to the : Draymen's headquarters.
Along the route they 'were frequently
hissed and jeered at.but no violent treat
ment was 'offered ..them.
; When;, they arrived at* the - draymen's
headquarters they . were offered l $5 , ail day,
and promised police -protection' while In
the discharge of "their, work. Of .the
whole number who had- traveled from
Bakersfield sixty-two jwere ; willing to ac
cept the ; terms." ! r The "remainder,- refused
and in.the afternoon were'escorted to the
teamsters' j headquarters ori ; Fourth " street,"
,wherethey were converted! to the. union's
cause arid allowedto sign the membership
roll. They will *be returned in a few- days
to their homes. \- . ...
; Great indignation Is felt by >the striking
teamsters • that ; these - men ;: are , being
brought to this city. The contingent, that
arrived yesterday, included - many itough-.
looking citizens,- many of whom had never
handled a" pair ¦ of ¦ reins In I their Hvesr. ---In
fact it ;was admitted: by several 3 ol!^ the
would-be teamsters that they had 5 been
induced to; come. hither >by:specuU.tors.
.They know nothing ' of driving a' team ! in
a ¦ city : and : - some .of'themi are . physi cally
unfit , to. endure hard 'labor. -. '
"Another driver employed by \ the ¦ Over-
TeamsterB From Bakefsfleld.^
'r "Three hundred teams are now running
and': merchants - are . having ¦¦ their goods
mdved with ' but* little trouble. A , great
many , teamsters are willing to return to
their employment/ but fear "the violence
likely to .be meted out to them by " the
strikers.? . -,- -';. .. ..¦ ¦ ' " ' ; :
-^¦NE of the most important features
• •f_^Y'ih"lthe' present; labor ' controversy
f I ; II yesterday ; -was; the 'announcement'
! that ;the ¦ ironworkers \ had % corn
>promised oh a:basis of an, increase |
over their.' wages prevailing May. 20 of 6
per . cent.' .The teamsters j who were- locked
.out some made a long statement I
of -their .'.grievances 'against' their -former i
employers. ... The .'bbxrhakers 'and ' nailers
held a meeting: -the • brewery workmen,
embracing.^ the men" employed , in_ the vari
ous brancties of .' that trade, assembled at i
ithelr headquarters '. at: 1159 Mission ' street ;
the packers.'JportersVand -..warehousemen
have" arranged 'a. rneeting;ntrthe Temple
oh, Turk 'street; i.the ir6rirnolders\will meet
this ("morning .at .their' headquarters, and
other % branches? of r' the iron trades
hold meetings .throughout the day_' to con
sider the] situation.^ '%
r : Conditions affecting. :the : strike in the
labor) situation; are; such; that It Is.' difficulty
to determine, what I the result ; may be. ' A
general strike of- the allied unions/of the
city is ' on • the ¦ tapis;' Whether "wiser;coun
cils i prevail ; greatly, depends upon the
action; that .wlll.be. taken 'within*. the next
:few. ; hours. 7 {.The ; foment ."among 'the ¦ sub
leaders r ofi the moyement, indicates r a ; , gen
eral tie-up of .all business. 1 From the water
, front ;! cbme v rurrior^ - r of the -. strike ;¦ among
the :•;'; sailors,' -' : i stevedore's, ; : longshoremen,'
marine flremen.l \ shipcalkers ;: and ;!: other,
unions affiliated with the' City . Front Fed
' eration: >* A"? general ', f eeUng of . unrest i pre
vails.'both in 'mercantile : and labor circles:
, The 'strike ; and lockout of \ the teamsters
la j producing j: considerable * troub!e_ in / the'
handllng"/cf « go6ds. v . : jWhileHhe'.day was
' not "c marked .by^'any.: serlbusi breaches '. of
the peece.the men now.'iiut.of^employment
iwere in- en VahgryT. mc6d,7 and 'jnade -.life i ,
mlserable'for. the ".police "officers -detailed
, to'e3cort : the 'teams [, th'at, were i .working." ;--•'¦
; - Secretaryi Renner;>-held-.*; out': a'- hopeful
view of the situation" and : said:..
Of course Senator Bard has .the right . to
recommend the removal of the Collector of
Internal Revenue for the First /Dletrlct of
California, or indeed. ' any other Federal offi
cer, and I would not hesitate to join him in
the recommendation If there was any evidence
of malfeasance or neglect of duty in office.
But I in Informed by the Treasury Depart
ment that the duties of the office are effi
ciently and faithfully performed and that the
rating of the Collector's office compares most
favorably with that of any. Internal Ueve.nue
office In the United States. This Is a good
choning when compared •with the administra
tion of his predecessor, who was appointee! by'
President Cleveland and is a defaulter for a
large amount for which a suit Is now pending
against his bondsmen. The term, of the Col
lector of Internal Revenue Is not for any spe
cific length of time, but during the pleasure
of the President. I have not Joined Senator
Bard in asking ' the ' removal of . the present
Collector, for the reason that he has made a
capable and erflcJent Collector. He was ap
pointed, not because he was my political
friend, but at the request of tbe Republican
Stile Central Committee, four different Con
gressional < Central) Committees and r many
prominent and representative Republicans in
tbe Internal Revenue District. . including my
principal opponent for the position I now have'
the honor to bold. I <Jo not think It would be
showing proper courtesy to them to act'with
out pome expression of their wishes and also of
xny associate colleagues In Congress. ¦
I may add It does not- seem Just or; fair to
ufk the removal without cause . of Republi
cans who have hardly served .four 1 years 'and
permit Democrats appointed ; by " President
Cleveland to nerve through one : Democratic and
Regarding Senator Bard's declaration
published In yesterday's Call, Senator
Perkins has this to say:
Senator Perkins. Heard From.
appointment of John C. Lynch ask a well
known and eminent Republican of Cali
fornia, who was then close to the admin
istration at "Washington, to file a protest
against Bald appointment?"
If Senator Perkins will deny that he
advised euch protest. The Call will pro
duce proof to establish the truth of the
statement that he did advise the filing of
the protest. At that time Senator Per
kins freely admitted that he, had indorsed
-Lynch, but stated that the Indorsement
was given apainst his judgment, and ¦ be
further expressed^ the wish that the Presi
dent would not heed the recommendation.
The Call asks United States Senator
George C. Perkins this plain question:
"Did you not after recommending the
land Freight and Transfer Company was
sworn in yesterday by Collector; Strattort
as • a deputy customs hispector. -• Some*
twenty-one men are now employed In that
capacity. One of these was assaulted
while driving a ' truck on • Folsom street,
between * Fourth and - Fifth, but -was ac
corded prompt police protection. , : .' .'¦,.-
The .wholesale fruit and produce "mer
chants met yesterday = afternoon and;
adopted a resolution that all teamstera
shall report for duty . on or before
"Wednesday next. Failing to do so their
places will be declared vacant.
A rumor was current last night that the
agreement to . keep - retail stores . closed
after 6 p. m. would be revoked about Au
gust 1. At the next meeting of the Retail
Clerks' Association the matter will be
brought before the union and action
taken. %
The - Porters* and < Packers* , Association
will hold a special meeting at the Temple
to-morrow. Members : say - the men are
standing firm » and say everything looks
as if they would eventually * win their
fight.
( MAYOR AWAITS REPLY.
Employers' Association Has Not YV-,
Given Answer.""
Mayor Phelan's efforts to arrange, V
meeting between the executive committee
of the . Employers' Association and repre
sentatlves of ; the various labor organiza
tions - has 'resulted in the following corre
spondence.! Mayor Phelan first "presented
the following proposition on behalf of, the
labor unions:
A. Furuseth, secretary of the Sailors' \UnIon,*
and M. Casey, president 'of the Brotherhood of
Teamsters, desire the employers . to concede the
right of the employes to organlw, . and the
employers agree ¦ not " to discriminate * against
an employe or. a man because he Is a member
of the organization; the employers to re-estab
lish the status quo, . except . that the employes
on their part will agree not to engage In a. sym
pathetic strike until a conciliation , committee
composed of members of both 'aides to the con
troversy fail ¦ to ' settle the differences.*-
The employers agree not to . order . a' lockout
under the ; same conditions; that a. reasonable
time will ¦ be given the committee of ' concilia
tion to adjust differences, and that: no attempt
be -made, to strike or otherwise Interfere with
the status so established until a settlement be
mad&Upap^Sl^PBS^VpMHVlMggMpgM^MHB
¦ They claim that all) differences arise from. a
misunderstanding, and believe, that. a commit
tee of conciliation could save all * trouble ': In*
the future. They claim to have received moral
support" from the Draymen's ¦ Association In
their action In refusing to deliver goods of the
Mortwi Delivery Company.' and that they wouM
cot in" the light of present, circumstances have
engaged in that ; controversy '• were '. the oppor
tunity - to '¦ come again. ' v TUey '¦;'¦ claim ' that - the
mutual interests of the partlesia.a sueffii-nt
guarantee • and . that such - an ; agi eeiuent they
can : promise :.-would be strictly s enforced - for < a.
period -of one Year - r ijS3BBBBKlM8B ¦¦¦*'¦¦
: In^response to thls*statement r oMhe'con
dltioaiof*affairs Attorney. 1 Michael F. Mi-
Continued on. Page Twenty-Four.
. SOME PHASES - OF THE STRIKE
• SITUATION. YESTERDAY. * A3
SHOWN BY. THE CAMERA.
HE (Jonn C. Lynch) "w-as x
appointed not 'because
he was my political
friend, but at the re
quest of the Republican State
Central Committee, four differ
ent Congressional (Central)
Committees and many prom
inent and representative
Republicans in the Inter
nal Revenue District, in
cluding my principal opponent
for the position I have now, the
honor to hold.— Excerpt from
interview with - Senator. -Per
kins.
Senator Perkins ", was asked ' if - he- was
aware . of the • fact vthat John'- C. ¦ Lynch'
used ' the ¦ power and .• patronage - .' of . ; the
Collector's office in the last pollt-.
ical campaign - in.' a vain effort to > defeat
J. H.~ Nelson; Republican- -. nominee 1 for
State j Senator ' In ¦ the * Twenty-fifth J Dls-'
tnct, and Charles. M.". Belshaw, .the Re
publican nominee for Senator In the Elev
enth District. -The Senator admitted that
he had heard something of Lynch oppos
ing Belshaw; but he seemed to bcobllv-'
lous.to-the , generally '< known „ fact that
Lynch's deputies were* out early ; and late,
Jn opposition tp Nelson: ? He; could 'recall
the incident '¦ th'at^ Republican's 'waited ; on
him during. the' last campaign to ask him
to use his Influence, as .United-States Sen
ator to "prevent "Lynch" and ? his-deputi«s
from openly knifing straight out andrcsu-
The Senator replying, to questions said,
if' Lynch used such means to. help Burns '
his conduct was. not "honorable. When
the senior Senator was questioned as to
the political sense or propriety of retain-'
ingtn Federal office a man who. was guilty
of a dishonorable act he remarked that*
removal ought not to be made at this
time.; - , ' \'i&
Mever Sent tne Telegram. • ".-•
Senator Perkins -answered that he re
ceived a- letter' from Assemblyman Bliss
touching^ this subject, but he did . not of
his own knowledge know that Lynch had
exhibited such a dispatch as coming from
himself. The ¦• Senator ~ also said frankly
that he never Bent a telegram advising his
friends to support Burns or any other
candidate for the United States Senate. ;
Never Sent the Telegram.
The - foregoing interview , fairly repre
sents what Senator Perkins desires to say
concerning the . public . career, of Revenue
Collector John C, Lynch. -What the Sen
ator is not particularly desirous of saying
la contained in this supplementary inter
view.'. • • , ' . '.-' .' ' ¦'. -' . .
Senator Perkins was asked by some one
other than himself If he did not know
that Lynch 'deserted his post of duty as
Collector of Revenue and went to Sacra
mento to lobby and scheme to secure the
election of D. M. Burns to the.Senator
ship. The Senator replied: •
"I understand that- he went to Sacra
mento and worked. for Burns, i I under
stand also 'that Colonel John P. Irish left
hi$ Federal office to lobby at Washington,'
and I understand further that Federal of
ficeholders other than Lynch went to Sac
ramento to work for Senatorial candidates
of their preference. Some went to help
Grant and others. went to help Bard.". ..
• When asked to name the'Federal office
holders "who went to Sacramento to help
elect" Senator Bard, Senator: Perkins
named ¦ John P.- Jackson, -and •*¦ spoke of
.two from Southern California whose
names he *lid. not give. . .
Senator Perkina«was asked if he did not
know that Lyncn produced a writing- at
Sacramento 1 whichhe asserted was a copy
of a • telegram-: from- Senator Perkins ad
vising his '(Perkins 1 ) friends to. vote for
Burns. J : - ¦'.'
'Are Reviewed.
SUPPLEMENTAL TALK }*^
.ELICITS OTHER : ; FACTS
Some Incidents in. Collector Jotn C.
. Lynch's Public Career
. My relations with Senator Bard and our
members of Congress are of the most. pleasant
and agreeable nature." They are all very cap
able, high-minded -and honorable- gentlemen
and any difference of a personal opinion about
a particular candidate will not create, the least
friction. We all work together for the general
welfare and prosperity of our . State. ¦
recommending Is . a gentleman from Bakers
field, who we indorsed at the request of the
State Senators from Kern and Fresno counties.
I do not think It proper or right for repre
sentatives In Congress or other Federal offi
cers . to use their influence of patronage in
favor of or against, any State or municipal
'nomination, but : when the conventions have
made their selections It Is our duty as good
citizens to stand by the party and nominees
that have been true to the people's interest. *
the only 'person I have joined ' Senator Bard In
. . .The Republican . Primary." League - Club
of ~\ the Thirty-eighth -•" Assembly.^ District
held an^enthuslasticand largely; attended
meeting ¦ last ; nightlat '; Mascot ¦: Hall; - 1106
Golden Gate avenue.'. Speeches were made
by C. >.W.- ; , Thompson, >_ Max • Schwartz, ;; L.'
Meeting, of the Thifty-Eightli
'.District 1 Club.'
Strong' Sentiment -: Evident • at the
." . . Anti-Boss Movement. ;
•. The Thirtieth Assembly. District! Club of
they Republican; Primary; League '.will hold
a . meeting Tuesday • . night,", . July> , 30, at,
Penny's ,Hall,>corner of -Eighteenth; and*
Kentucky streets. -iT.^C.tpuff is president
and<L. H. Ocllig Is i secretary. 1 -. '^
•' The ¦¦; Republican/^ Primary. . League Club
of the Thirty-sixth Assembly^ District will
meet ' Tuesday «" evening - at : the ? corner - of
Twentieth and. Guerrero streets.- -s
FEEXINq AGAINST BOSSES'
IS VEBY ¦ PRONOUNCED
Organizations Active'*' in.: the
TKEPABINGTO'HOLD '..
':';¦' \*- ¦ ;;". MANY : - CLUB MEETINGS
Tliirtietli and 7 Sixth District
Recurring to Lynch's Incumbency, the
Senator, added: VI am' not committed ; to
Lynch's retention. - Certainly I shall, not
oppose the confirmation of Stephen Kelly
if the President sends his name to the
Senate as -Lynch's successor. -It. would
not • surprise , me' if the President should
appoint some one to succeed Lynch be
cause ; I understand that ' such : course ' has
been recommended to, him by many lead
ing and influential Republicans! of Califor
nia. There- are, no differences to speak of
.between/Senator Eard'and myself. He
holds that,Lynch's-removal should be im
mediate,,' and v I, am .not in .favor of .a
change at' this, time so soon 'after July i."
; In the gubernatorial contest the Sen
ator Is neither for nor : against anybody.
He • says that he respects Gage as the
chief executive and entertains a high opin
ion of Flint, because the latter -voted -for
him for United States Senator. On these
points he said: - . •
,."I am not taking any part in the State
contest or the .municipal contest in San
Francisco. Senator. Bard, of course, has
the undoubted right to do as seems best
to him, but I hold, speaking -for myself
that I ought not, as a Senator, to inter
fere. Federal office holders, ; in my 1udg
meut, should not interfere in I State or
municipal campaigns. I , am not - flghtlfig
Gage or helping him. 'I am not fighting
Flint or helping him." .
The Senator's campaign for re-election
to the United States Senate . is clearly
outlined. He is not for anybody's elec
tion or removal. In short' he is -out for
Perkins and Perkins alone. | The Senator
does, not indorse the ' interference of th«
Republican' State Central;' Committee in
the municipal ; affairs of San Francisco.
When his opinion on this intrusion ..was
solicited, he remarked: "The interference
is shameful."
larly nominated. Republican candidates
for the Legislature. He admits that ut
tering a forged telegram is a dishonor
able act and he recalls the receipt of a
telegram in Washington from Milton
Green at Sacramento wherein inquiry was
made if he (Perkins) had advised his
friends to support Burns.
The attitude of the senior Senator is
peculiar and inexplicable.:' If a" name
other than -his own had been- used, in the
bogus telegram . his Indifference might be
accounted for on the general assent "that
it makes no difference what happens if it
does net happen to me."- In this instance
his . own name was used . without his
knowledge or consent' and dishonestly
used- to defeat Senator Bard. The bogus
telegram was circulated at the extra ses
sion on the eve of Senator Bard's nomin
ation, in caucus. . . >C->.'
1
Efforts^ to Settle -thdhStnkeiCohtroversy Appear 7 to Be Bearing Fruit, as
Labor^Laatiers Seem AdverseUb Any Further Trouble,
Eighty Men Are Brought From Bakersfield to Act as "Teamsters
' Is a Compromise.* ' ;j ' 7' i; ,
¦ NEW YORK; " July 27.— The • World to
morrow- will say: ¦The great steel . strlkV
will be settled within a* few i hours. -Theo
dore J. : Shaffer; president of the -"Amalga
mated Association, slipped into' the city.'
yesterday ; morning, ] accompanied by.
retary. .Williams.' - They: held "several 'con i
ferences during/ the 'day with officials of
: the f- United- States - Steel. Corporation ¦ ;in<l
an early, settlement j of differences is - in
prospect. ,.' ' :) '¦':.¦¦ '.'¦¦¦ \.;. '¦*•'•;
v J? P., Morgan,, who has been depended
upon to adjust 1 matters , between ' the ; giant •
company and, Its -striking employes, gave
up his ''dayfoff" yesterflay. and worke>l
long liours : as; a* peacemaker. -. ; ¦
-'-i The ¦ basis- of , settlement -of . ! the r steel
strike is i a • compnpmise,'- concessions ¦ beliis
made * by ? both < sides. --The : terms, it vis
'. understood ,' .will " be ; about as - follows : .; •- ~ :
j;. xhe" mills 'recognized ¦ as ; nonunion on July
1 will be continued as such, save possibly where
the "Amalgamated . Association -, has - effected ; a
strong ' organization. ;,: .'.'.• ¦• =. ....; .- ,;>, ;
' < 2 The -Amalgamated ¦- Association will . recede
from its s demand that ', the steel ¦ company : sign
the. scaled for all: mills, v.v . \ i :- : ;
- : i. The steel company 'will pay the scale in all
mills,' union or non-union.: "^ -- . ; ¦_.,> .. ,,
. - • i. All .mills , shall be open to all ' men - with or
without' union, cards.? The association shall; not
attempt- to < force '.men": Into \the "union? or .".to
oblige : the steel company to employ only union
. . 5. -The : steel company , win" permit the orgranl-'
zation* of men 1 when ; they manifest, a desire ito
join. the fAmaleamated' Association or. other as-
Bociatlons..;:.^ -;^ .•;.-' *-. ' > ' /. . ,'' ;'•
;;.The' steel company, officials'sevefal days
ago expressed j their .^willingness to : renew
Basis of Settlement ; of Steel Strike
CONCESSIONS ABE MADE.
A" similar state of : affairs ' was reported
from the', ranks <. of tne structural steel
¦workers, who say ; that they are not .will
ing . to , go into ; a*, sympathetic ' strike and
violate agreements with" their employers.
They/ have - indicated fa willingness, how
ever, to give moral and financial' aid to
ttie Amalgamated Association in its strug
gle with the steel. trust. . ; ¦ : . •
-Reports that the members of the.Inter
national - Protective ¦¦', Association t of r Tin
Workers would strike ' in sympathy with
the "Amalgamated Association are not ap
parently borne, out --, by. facts. One of .the
prominent members of ; the .tin. workers
¦said to-day that the ; talk of ¦.. a- sympa
thetic strike of their organization was un
authorized; The I association had adopted
the same rules in- regard to : sympathetic
strikes as the Amalgamated /Association.
These. would cheerfully give aid and mor
al;support to the strikers/but would keep
their . agreement I with\the • manufacturers,
which was regarded in the ! light of ia con
tract: '-;:•••' :¦>¦'£. •A.V •".¦>•¦ ¦"•/!¦ ¦•v.«..VVo . ¦- ¦¦¦
Sympathetic Strike DeniVd.
] The "conference of -to-day is, believed*, to
have been practically arranged • at ¦ that
time. Shaffer and Williams slipped quiet
ly out of Pittsburg and were in New York
severalhours before ahint of their pres
ence reached the. public. . Morgan' and
President Schwab of the United : States
Steel Corporation met first at the - office
of the former and were closeted for some
time.' The meeting with the labor ieaders
followed. The names of those who partici
pated in the meeting, aside from the lead-'
ers on either side and the place at which
the conference met, -were kept from the
public; V; — ¦-¦: ""•'•}:-'.¦ ;<•,};¦ ; *'-' V ' ! '.'. - ;- "• '•
' Morgan was "Been -after the'meetlng., but
would say- nothing '.beyond denying ¦- that
he hadrany appointment with President
Shaffer of the Amalgamated Association.
President Schwab of the United ;¦ States
Steel Corporation, was also seen, -v but he
declined to make any statement /whatever.
V Indications Are Bewildering."; .f'-
PITTSBURG, .July 27.— Surface "I indica
tions of the steel workers' strike were
somewhat bewilderlng.~So.many conflict
ing reports were heard from usually reli
able sources that even the . strikers were
at a loss to account : for them. '. During
the morning hours the absence of Presi
dent Shaffer and Secretary-Treasurer. Wil
liams from their offices was noted, but all
information as to .their whereabouts was
refused by their associates.' Even later in
the day, when it became known that ; the
head of the Amalgamated Association was
in New York in conference with J. v P.
Morgan, the: men in charge of the asso
ciation headquarters "professed' to .be- in
ignorance of the fact., i - '•*";» • ; -'
General interest was taken in the. report
tfca t Joseph Bishop . of » the fl Ohio board of
arbitration was expected in Pittsburg dur
ing the day. He was . expected at the
Amalgamated quarters, but did not ap-
did not i arrive in Pittsburg, and
if the report that "; he .left Columbus for
Pittsburg on Friday night be true he must
have gone on East,wU,h the strong prob
ability that President 'Shaff«», was in his
company from this point. The significance
of this matter was quickly realized, .and
it was believed' that matters .were really
shaping themselves for a settlement of the
strike in all of the mills. : •' ' •
There were few officials: about the gen
eral offices of ', the manufacturers during
the -day Land 'none could be found who
would give any statement.
Conference Has Been Arranged.
NEW YORK, \ July . 27.— Formal negotia
tions' for a settlement: of the great steel
strike w-ere opened here to-day _at a con T
ference between President Shaffer and Sec-'
retary Williams of the- Amalgamated Asr
soclatlon and J. Pierpont; Morgan and a
group of *his associates of the United
States Steel : Corporation. The conference
and the movements of the conferees were
secret and no intimation of the result -of
the "deliberations J has come from any": one
In authority. .It is believed,- however, that
substa ntial progress toward an agreement
was made and .that formal announcement
of the compact for peace will comeywithln
a few days. There has been much specu-'
lation as to the termsjof peace; but'much
of ' it has been' pure j conjecture. It v was
said ; that the strike i would be called • off
and that there '-would, be a resumption of
the . negotiations of . general ¦ labor £ ques
tions : at. the -point 7 where ; they ;/were
broken off at .the Pittsburg ; conference.
In financial circles, - however, the opinion
was general thai the' prospective agree
ment would go further, than that,^ and, In
itself dispose, of the serious questions at
issue.' ; . :
The conference of to-day resulted from
several" days of preliminary discussion, all !
of which was kept | secret. "A" representa
tive of the Amalgamated Association was
here on Friday and was given a lengthy
Interview by an official of one of the com
panies forming the. United • States^Steel
corporation. "..-.¦;
Formal Negotiations for
c Strike Settlement ¦
Opened. .• •• -
Morga n, S chwab, Shaffer
and ¦ Williams Attend ,
a Conference.
Substantial : Progress' Is 1 Made and
.Announcement of a Compact for ...
'Peace May Come in a
Few Days. ; ,
STEEL TRUST
CHIEFS MEET
LABOR MEN
IRONWORKERS LIKELY TO ACCEPT INCREASE
OF SIX PER CENT OVER THEIR FORMER WAGES
AND RETURN TO WORK AS SOON AS POSSIBLE
PERKINS WILL NOT JOIN BARD IN DEMANDING
IMMEDIATE REMOVAL OF JOHN C; LYNCH FROM
POSITION IN RANKS OF FEDERAL BRIGADE
Senior -Senator Given Direct Question to Answer Regarding Stand When
the Collector Was Recommended for Office-»He/Wili ? Nbt ; Take Sides
in Controversies Within Party— Says Colleague's Demands Are Ill-Timed
, SAN/;/ FKANCISCOiSj SUNDAY, - "JULY,; ;¦ 38,: ;1901.. ;
TTHP OFTFHF RO^^ '• ? v
MARTIN KELLY (Singing) ;V "J;-';'';- ; jf
They're .after, me, tliey 're aifter me, V^
I euxri " < tlie>iriciivici\ia'l "tliesr d.esire;
They're after me, they're after^me,
I amthereal Topss -tliey reQ.\xire.
Pages |1|
iiililV THE SA^N" FB^NCISGO ?GALL, ,vSU^T v M^T-28, ; :i<ipi.
Charles Hedges of Washington, D. C,
superintendent of the city delivery sec
vice of the United States, arrived from
Puget Sound yesterday. He Is on atour
of inspection of tho Pacific Coast. "Mr.
Hedges' duties relate exclusively ta'mall
carriers in cities and their -work.
Kational Postal Official Here.
'Parley 'Lewis, ¦ a Digger Indian, -who
came to this city a few days ago to take
the place of a striking drayman, was as
saulted on Third street lust night and had
his wGunds drussed at tha Jimergency
Hospital. . "•
J. Heinrieh, 3233 Sixteenth -street, was
clubbed on the head by a police officer,
who thought he had thrown n rock at
hiro. Heinrich states he was an innocent
.victim.-
JohnRosenfeld & Sana and the R. Duns
mulr Sons Company have. decided to an
chor their vessels in the stream,, have .the
crews discharge the same and ?keep the
vessels there until they are again loaded.
A patrol will be maintained to prevent
any interference by strikers' sym
pathizers." .
No sooner had this Incident closed than
Frank Jones, a drayman owning his own
leajn, while escorted. by a mounted police
officer, had his traces cut. Some ofthe
pickets of the Brotherhood of Teamsters
attempted to pull him off! his seat, but the
mounted officers : from the immediate
neighborhood charged the crowd, riding
their horses on the sidewalk «.nd dispers
ing them. Jones repaired his.harnessSwith
baling rope arid under police escort con
tinued his trip. -He said that he was not
hauling "unfair" goods, and would call
the attention of • the Brotherhood to the
damage that was done him.
IX K.: Bundy, a teamster brought from
Sacramento by , the : Porter- Eros.* Com
pany to take the place of a striking driv
er, was brutally beaten yesterday morn
ing ! by two strikers. Bundy was on his
way to the stables, -near .the -comer of
East. and Merchant street3.*wben assault
ed. He is a "small man, 50 years of age,
and was " not ,• able to defend himseif
against the combined attack of the two
puriy strikers. He suffered a broken nose,
a pair of -black eyes and numerous lacera
tions of the -head. :
Louis Lutgeij. a milk .wagon driver, was
assaulted, last- evening by -a -number of
men who thought he was a. .non-union
man. Lutgen went to the Receiving Hos
pital to have his injuries dressed. He
claims he is a union man.- •
Chief of Police Sullivan has impressed all
available men into patrol duty during the
continuance of the strike.: Sergeant Con
boy and his) squad of four men will leave
Chinatown. Three men have been taken
from the City Prison, two from the license
office and three from headquarters. Some
who are on their vacation have been in
structed by telegraph to return at once.
Officers assigned to detective • duty .have
been instructed- to have their uniforms at
headquarters so that in the event of an
emergency call they will be in readiness.
Most of the members of the department
are doine double duty. Captain Wlttman
has not been at his home since. Tuesday
night, being constantly on duty, except
when snatching a few hours' sleep on a
couch in his, office. •-- -'*:•:- r •
While the morning hours were compara
tively quiet the afternoon brougrht much
trouble. On Folsom street, between
Fourth and Sixth streets, thu strikers and
their sympathizers gathered about 5
o'clock in' large numbe.rs. A driver em
ployed by the Overland Freight and
Transfer Company, recently sworn In as
a Deputy Customs Inspector,; was driving
along with a load of goods and -when in
front of the building now occupied by the'
Electric Laundry- was assaulted by a
crowd of the sympathetic residents of the
neighborhood, striking teamsters and
others. - ' ¦ \ ' :'. ¦
-Sergeant Chrlstensen happened along at
that time and attempted 'to disperse the
crowd. Jhe driver was badly rattled, as
the crowd' attracted by the disturbance
gathered about bis truck. Christensen.
mounted the seat, pulled out two revolv
ers, that looked to the people assembled
like 1 thirteen-mch. guns, and triumphantly
drovcup Fifth street.
Although the disturbances expected dur
ing the mornlns's-early hours did not oc
cur, the police had a busy day of it. Chief
of Police Sullivan, Captain Wittman and
ULejitenant John Martin . hjid charge of
.the patrol in the southern district. . Every
man' had his dub ready and made things
lively for those wh,o did i not obey the in
junctions to; "move on." .
'-Police-Sergeant Wakes iShow
of Weaponi and Throng *;
Soon Scatters.
Some Sympathetic: Admirers
i^ Rally to the Cause of
Teamsters.
DRAWN PISTOLS
CAUSE A CROWD
TO DISINTEGRATE
Judge Lineburger Arrives.
.Paul 'W., Llneburger; arrived yesterdoy
fromjChlcaBo'en routo totho Phlllpplno«. :
He t has i been' npnolnted i District - Judge of
tho'i,: circuit ' of Butangas.': Tho '< new np
pointcois a. graduate ofithe-Chlt'iiKO TJnl
vorBlty'and:H«lr1elbcr{r. He traveled ex
tensively In; Kui cne 'nnd Bpent sometime
nt Madrid, whore no mnntcrod the Spanish
iRnguaRe. . Ilo will leave this weok'for
Munlla on o transport, • '•>•,- '
*.• VISAL1A,- July; 27.— An unusual . thing
happened In tho town: of Ooshen, Tulare
County, ito-dny at* the -school bond elec
tion.^ Only ' live: voteii jwera polled.". '.Tho
judges of; tha election declared tho propo
sition carried. .Tho bond !hs«iio'Ih for $450.
There ar« ubout SMtvotes In the district.
Tour Votes ; ; and ; Election * Carried.
SAlvr LAKE. Utah/ July, 27,-A special
to \ tho Ilqrnld " from Halley, , Idaho,: wiyo
thnt.John O'Rrien. a butcher of that
place," was arrested on a charge of buy-
Insr Btolen cnttle. > At, his preliminary ex
amlnatlon iye^teirday a strong cas« wus
mndo out ngalniit him. Rnthcr than go to
Jnll , ho .Bhot hlmsolf • In th« 'heud. death
resulting , almost, Instantly.
Prefers Death to a Prison.
' STOCKTON.. July 27.— Thomas Miller,' a
victim of rheumatism.- committed suicide
by .Bhootlnc himself laet night In a lodg
iny-bouBO, on Center atreot.
Death Bids Him of Rheumatism.
PKNDLETON, Or.,' July 27.— Toby,Irwln
of 8an Francisco knocked out" Jack Pipe
of Spokane In live rotnuls here to-nisht
before a larce '.audience. ; lrwlh} was the
a&rrcssor. In the fifth round: after Irwtn
hna been runhlng Plpa for three rounds,
the Jatteir bOKan to Bhow.slRnfi of distress.
In 1hl« round Irwtn keptup his persl«tent
rushltiR nnd hooked bin rlftbt to the Jaw
and IMjm) went down and out. . . -
Irwin Knocks Out Jack Pipe.
HAVANA. July , 27.— The Government
has offered;a reward of, f 1000 for. the cap
ture, dead or alive; of Lino Lima,'- a' bandit,
who has been operating In the Matanxas
and Havana provinces. 'There has been
for the last threw months a standing re
ward of $500 for Lima's head. Yesterday
the bandit Rent word to the authorities
that ho would surrender for $300. provided
he were allowed to leave the island. Upon
receipt of this offer the authorities
doubled the- reward and cent •urgent In
structions to (Jeneral 'Rodrlffuez .of the
rural guards to capture Lima. . '¦".
Ueward.for a Cuban Bandit.
The list of companies said to be Included
In the scheme are the following: Ameri
can Steel Casting Company, Chester, Pa.;
American 8U-el Foundry Company.
Bhlckel. Harrison & Howard and Scui
llng & GallaRher cornpanlee. all of til.
Louis; Sargent Company, Chicago; Frank
lin Sterl Casting Company. Franklin, Pa,;
Heabord Steel Casting Company, Chester,
l*a., and possibly one or two others.
The board of directors, an iiropowd, ln
c1uo>h Daniel Kagan, president 'of the
American Steel Company, Philadel
phia; Holla Wells, Mayor of bt.
Louis and president of tha Amer
ican Steel Foundry Company; Crmrlen
Miller. president of the Franklin
Steel Casting Company. Kranklln. l'a.,
and W. D. Sargent, president of tho Sar
gpnt Company, Chicago.
It 1« probarile that Daniel Kagan will
be chofen president, with headquarters at
>ew Yorlc or Philadelphia. It wan
thought for a time that the consolidation
might fall., but it was found that each
concern entering the combination was able
to subscribe for Its own Quota of stock,
and It is on this bants that the scheme is
now boinc curried out.
The companies in the combination rnaUo
CHICAGO. July -7.— Another steel com
bination, embracing the principal plants
engaged In making Bteel castings, Is to bo
formed. The nucleus of the consolidation
is the American Steel Casting Company
of Chester. Pa. The capital Ja to be up
ward of $16,000,000, with the prospect that
the amount will be Increased considerably
later on. tfiOBSk
Steel-Casting Concerns
Will Pool .Their
Interests.
MANY COMPANIES
IN NEW COMBINE
The executive committee of the Union
Labor, party had an executive meeting
last night In room 207, Emma Spreckels
building:. A statement of principles . for
the party was .considered, b<.. was not
perfected. The following telegram was
sent to the Mayor of McKeesport, Pa.:
SAN FRANCISCO. July 27. 1901.
To Mayor Black. McKeesport, Pa.: Accept
congratulations of the Union Labor party for
the rtand taken by you In refuting police pro
tection to non-union mills.
EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE.
Union Labor Party Meeting.
Although dated yesterday no answer to
the communication had been received up
to a late hour lasc night by Mayor Phe
lan. It is probable that a reply saying the
Emp-oyers" Association will not recede
from its. present pbsltion will be received
In a few days by the Mayor.
chael. on behalf of the Employers' Asso
ciation, replied as follows:
SAN FRANCISCO, July S6. 1901.
Hon. James D. Phelan, New City Hall, San
Francisco, Cal.:
Dear Sir— Inclosed you will find a copy of
the proposition dictated by you to be submitted
by me to the executive committee of the Em
ployers' Association. This matter will be taken
up by the executive committee of the Employ
ers' Association th'.e afternoon, and I hope to
be able to Bend you a definite reply not later
than to-morrow. Yours very truly.
M. F. MICHAEL.
our business agent waited upon Mr. Morton of
the Morton Draying and Warehouse Company
and stated to him that . the Brotherhood of
Teamsters would refuse to- haul the baggage
of the Epworth League, as to haul it w.ould be
a violation of. the agreement between the
Draymen's Association and .the Brotherhood
of Teamsters,: besides being contrary' to the
constitution . of the former . body, as may be
seen from section 2. article 3. which reads as
follows: "It shall be the duty of each and all
members of this association to patronlzf a. fel
low member when they need extra teams, and
no member ef this asaoclation shall furnish
teams to any drayman who is not a member."
I We ' took this step - to avoid trouble with the
Draymen's. Association, as tbat - body had ; fre
quently complained of our members doing work
for the special delivery. Our business agent,
as agreed upon,, reported to Mr. Ren
ner the following '¦ day, and - found ¦ him
prepared to back-up' Mr. Morton If he
wished to make a fieht. He ' stated that he
»vould brine the matter I before the Draymen's
Association meetlnsr that night. The meeting
voted to sustain Morton in event that the lat
ter should insist upon hauling the Epworth
League baggage. . .
The business agent : of the • teamsters then
waited upon Mr. Morton, who thereupon de
clared that he would haul the baggage, either
¦with union -or non-union men. The business
agent, seeing the probability of a conflict, then
watted upon • Dr. Fllben, chairman of the re
ception committee of the Epworth League, and
asked him if he could turn the baggage into
other channels and in this way avoid the pos
sibility, of any delay to the guests of the clUy.
Mr. Filben replied that all arrangements had
bee'n made and that he could do nothing fur
ther'In the matter.
On the following Tuesday Mr. Morton in
structed his drivers to go to .the depot and
haul baggage, which they refused to do. .The
teamsters were immediately discharged. On
the evening of the same day we received the
following communication: » .
. SAN FRANCISCO. July 16, 190L
,To the oflicers and members of the Brother
hood of Teamsters— Dear Sirs: You are hereby
notified that your Interference in the conduct
of the business of the Morion Drayage anil
"Warehouse Company is 'unlawful and entirely
unwarranted, and that your refusal to handle
the baggage of the numerous guests of - this
city is a blot on its good name and fair repute,
and you are . further notined that .unless you
immediately -cepae auch interference all agree
ments anil arrangements shall be considered aa
having, been broken by you, and you are noti
fied that if the notice given to. Mr. Morton is
not withdrawn by or before 6. a.m. of July IV,'
1901, then all arrangements between the.Broth
erbood of Teamsters and this association shall
be considered at an end. Yours truly,
• C. L.. TILDEN. President. •.
WILLIAM RAUBINGKR JR., Secretary,
GEORGERENNER, Manager,
. .Draymen' h Association.
The grievance • committee of the Urotherhood
of Teamsters instructed its business ugent to
interview Mr. Morton and try to have him re
instate the locked-out men, or, failing- in that,
to call out the other drivers in Morton's em
ploy, which latter step was finally taken.
'. That evening the Draymen's Association held
a special meeting to see what . could be done
to straighten out the matter. At that meet
ing a resolution was submitted, to sustain the
action of the executive committee and of the
previous meeting. In Hupporting the Morton
Drayage and Warehouse > Company In making
a contract with the Morton Special Delivery,,
in violation of the constitution of the associa
tion. The resolution wjis lost by a vote of ISO
'noes to . 30 ayes. Further action was then
postponed until 1 Friday.: ...
In the interval some , Influence unknown to
us was brought to bear upon the association,
as on Friday night a resolution was passed al
most unanimously to turn the whole matter
over to the executive committee of the associa
tion. We have been Informed that the execu
tive committee" met this ;•' unknown jiowr on
Saturday: morning and > resolved to lock out all
members of the Brotherhood of Teamsters. ff»
With regard #o the position of the fruit'mer
chants, and to set the Brotherhood of .Team
«ter8;r!ght In this - matter, ' we can . state that
the relations between the draymen and the
merchants have not been friendly on account
of the rates of draynge. Now the fruit men
have appealed to the Brotherhood of Teamsters,
whereas It is the draymen, to whom they have
raid ; thousands of dollars annually, "-,- who ; have
refused to consider their interests and. the In
tei-PstB of t^e fruit Industry of the State. •
The teamsters are- certainly .anxious to con
sider the fruit Interests, anrl were prepared to
do It, but for the Interference of. a repjesnta
tjv of ' McNab & Smith.- who ¦• vtated that his
customers were prepared to take their chances
In the Btruggle. Respectfully, .
JOHN MCLAUGHLIN. Secretary.
5 MICHAEL. CAREY. Business Aprent.
. • For the" Brotherhood of 'Teamsterm.'
San Francisco, Cal., .July 27, 1901. ••
secured medlcnl Rid. Examination proved
that the srlrl was not fatally injured, ow
ing to the bullet having struck a rib and
having been deflected from Its course.-,.' <i
n. C. GOLCHER MAKES
A PHENOMENAL CAST
;.>:•¦. . ¦ » .? .• ••' ¦ •>.¦¦•¦•
Experts Make Some Very. High
Scores , in Stow
' There was good casting at Stow .Lake,
Golden, Gate Park, yesterday, especially
In tho lonsr distance event.- Seven of !;the
eight contestants • extended ; ; their lines
more than 100 feet. II. C. Golcher made
a phenomenal cast of 130 feet, followed by
Brotherton, who launched the line 123 feet,
while Everett scored 119 feet.. Brotherton
led In accuracy with 03 8-12 per cent; Ev
erett-was. high in dollcacy with 80 -1-12 per
cent, and Brotherton Inline casting with
93 1-5 per cent. ' : ' " .
A larger attendance la expected at the
lnke to-day. Following Is the tabulated
scoro: . •
WASHINGTON. July 27.— A statement
prepared at the Internal Revenue*. Bureau
says that the collections on 'account of tho
war revenue act during the period from
June 13. 1SSS, ' to June 30, 1801, -were $318,
790,501, as follows:
Schedule,/, (documentary stamps),". ..1110,7117.078
schedule O (proprietary, stamps) 14.OXO.O4O
Be«r- . v . ic.0,»87.*23
Special taxes *•'...;. Ht72J»,U7
Tobacco , 48,!W3,335
Bnurf.. ..;¦.;... 2.970,81ft
£K"»'"'; 9.4S0.UI
Cigarettes :....... S.0Ol.!M5
Legacies ..'.,...;.............. 9.SSI.RS5
Excise tax..... , I.T10.U8
Mixed flour .,; '-21.W8
Additional taxrs on b?*r nnd tobacco. 883,082
Prepared by Internal
¦ Bureau.-
WAR REVENUE
TAX RECEIPTS
Interesting Statement -Is
WANT i | MAYOR TO : MEDIATE.
The Industrial conciliation council of the
Municipal League has adqpted .the.'follow
ing resolutions, to i which* the names of
the members are attached:
AVhereas, .The various strikes In thts elty
have brought about an alarming condition of
affairs.threatenlng the peace and weltsre of-the
community and the business interests of the
State and municipality; and, ¦„; i - .
Whereas. The efforts of thts committee to
bring about . a,. cenfgrencg. between Jthe parties
directly Interested in the disputes which have
resulted In thestrkea have brought about indi
vidual conferences which only partially affect
the situation: be it therefore
•Resolved. That the Hon. James D. Phelan,
Mayor, -be and hereby Is requested to summon
the presidents of the commercial and civic or
ganizations ¦ to meet forthwith with him and
conjointly devise ways and means of bringing
about a meeting between 'the various disputants
In this strlKe and the •Employers' Association,
so that the serious menace to life and property
may be removed, harmony be relntroduced and
tranquillity again restored. .
Napb. B. Greensf elder, president; Joseph's.
Jordan. «ecretary; Livingston Jenhs, chairman;
Edgar Painter, North Central Improvement
Club;\O. K. Cush Ing. .Western Addition Club;
0. L. Mission Federated Club; L. A.
Rea. North Beach Club; C. H. Hubhs, Rich
mond Club;'N. B(bo, Polk-stroet Club; T_>r. C.
A. Salneld, Panhandle Cluo; Judge Van Keyne
gom, Mission Club; C. Alpers, Hayes Valley
Club; George Walcom, Mission Club; Captain
E. A. Lorenzo, Polk-street Club; George Mn
goonls. Point Lobos Club; Gustave Schnee,
Sunnyslde Club; II. IT. Jauilln. Sunnyaide Club;
W. J. Kenny, Cycle Board of Trade; ILL. Mc-
Pher8on, Larkln-Btreet Club; J. Barduhn,. Po
trero Club; H. VV. Miller, Devlssdero-atreet
Club; J. P. Vizard, Preclta Club; J. Henderson.
Western Addition Club; Dr. • G. H. Houndey. 1
Mission ;Fetlerated Club; N. Sehlesslnger, Pro
gressive Club; F. Knowles. Flllmore-atreet
Club; A. J. Vlnlnjt. Western Addition Club;
W. M. Wei), California Colonists' Association;
1. J.- Truman, Henry Kahn, A. W. Wehe. A.
Itucf. F. I* .Holland. Paul Freygang. William
D. Wesson. Kev. William Rader, Rev.- Jacob
Nleto, -Henry A. Flsk. Dr. C. A. Clinton, Dr.
W..F. -McNutt. E. Myron Wolf. M. R. Roberts.
N. del Banco, F. Morton. A. Mautz. Proresaor
O. Hildebrnndt, S. Bare, James It. Morrison.
P. Rossi, M. S. Neugaue. Dr. .A. P. 'O'Brien.
OAKLAND, July .27— The boss draymen
of this city will attempt to; put 135 teams
to work on Monday morning hauling
freight of -any kind offered between* here
and San Francisco. .
The lay-off of the -teamsters this week
was with the consent of -the employers;
who agreed not' to- try to move freight
across the bay until Monday. jOn this
basis the Teamsters' Union ordered a
walkout in sympathy with , the; strike: In
San Francisco. Officers of the union gave
out the 'information that there was entire
harmony between them and ¦. the Dray
men's Association, and stated that the
"strike" would last only until Monday,
being confident that the difficulty across
the cay would be -adiusted . by that -time.
They decline to say what action they .will
take Monday when ordered to take their
teams out it' the strike is still on In dan
Francisco.
- The employers state that If their men
refuse' to work their places will be filled
with those who will.
Charles Scharff, a member of the Res
taurant Keepers' Association, made -a
statement to-day, giving the reason why
the cooks' and waiters' employers are .dis
satisfied withthe agreement entered into
with the union. . • •
The union restaurants, saya Mr. Scharff,
have not .been protected f rom - the non
union houses, as the cooks and waiters
promised, nor has, the union provided the
;help to take the places of the regular
men on their days oft. .
.:The Postofflce Restaurant will continue
to pay union- wages and allow the day
off. The • Cooks' and Walters' Union -an
nounces that It will fight the move toward
the old schedule should the employers at
tempt to restora it..--'
OAKLAND. JBOSS DSAYMOSN
PBEPAHE TO BESUHB WOBK
Will Try to Haul j All -San : Fraaeiscc
Treigb-t Again on
Miss Henrietta Wynkopp, a handsome
19-year-old girl, . residing In the rear'of
151G Powell street, tried to kill- herself last
night because sho was refused plrrmoney
by her father. She shot herself below the
heart with a SS-calibor revolver, but did
not succeed In ending her Hfo, as the bul
let struck a rib. followed the '¦ course of
•the .bone and; came out of her side.' The
Iwound.is painful, but not serious.
J The wounded glrMn the daughter of , a
clgarmaker arid keeps house for her father
and brothers. She Is of a very sensitive
disposition and suffers greatly over the
sllghtcstvrebunV '^JESPKwPO^ •
t "When her father came home from work
lust night he" showed 'the girl the contents
'of! his pocketbobk. .• which' amounted', to
about $12. His daughter naked him to let
her : take , care of 'It for ( him, ] and i he re-*]
fused. ¦¦ She then asked him for $2\wlth'
'which to buy some article of<wenrlnK ap
jiarcl. He told her Unit he wna unable to
grant her request, as he needed the money
•to puy some ) 1 1 1 1 n \\jU\H\ WPIMI 1 ! II llfrfllHMW
.Shfi appeared very, much, hurt and went
, to. her room. Tho father, who. went to
the kitchen after the Interview vvlih his
daughter, wus startled n faw minuted
later- bj" hearing tho sound of a pistol
phot. Ho rushed to his 'daughter's' room
and found her lylngon "tho lloor, bleod-
Ingfrom a wound In her left breast. .Near
iher i on then floor was tho revolver 'With
which ahji had tnnictodtho wound.
; .Wynkopp ruohed-out of tho: house; and
Father's Refusal to Give
r 'Money Causes Her
to Seek Death.
SENSITIVE GIRL
SHOOTS HERSELF
Trouble With Fruit Merchants
Regarding the situation of tha fruit mer
chants, after several conferences between the
Draymen's Association and the latter ». sched
ule of rates of drayasre was arranged, which,;
however, was not satisfactory, to the dray-,
men. ' Thi3 dissatisfaction was the tauee of
continual friction between both parties. Again
the Brotherhood of Teamsteis was called .upon
to straighten out the mutter, which we did.
with the assistance of Mr. Kenner. ,More
trouble, however, arose among the members of
the association. .The Lewis Packing Company
refused to advance the rate of drayaae, dis
charged their teamsters and turned over their
work to- another member of the Draymen t
Association, Sam Linderman. DUsjrusion arose
between the draymen as to who had the right
to do the haulinc. the association ; contending
that the work belonged to Murphy &. Devlin.
As Linderman contended that he had a right
to do the hauling, charges were preferred
against him in the association and he was
found guilty of violating the rule that one i
member muat nof take the work of another!
at the same rate or. a lower rate. Mr. Lin
derman was asked to give up the work > or be
expelled. Llndorman saw that the power
against him was too great. He gave up the
work at the time, but in a few days bought,
out the work and teams of Harris Bpob, and.
the Lewis Packins Company, ¦ which belonged
to Murphy & Devlin.
Some two weeks prior to the arrival of Ep
worth League in the city we were Informed
that the Morton Drayimr and Warehouse Com
pany had entered into an agreement with the
Morton Special Delivery, which was not a
member of the Draymen's Association, which
had refused to Join the association and over
which the association had no control, to haul
the baeKage of the Epworth League from the
depot to the Morton Special Delivery Com
pany's office on Taylor street for distribution.
The butlness a«rent of the Brotherhood of
Teamsters was Instructed to confer with Mr.
Morton and notify htm that we could not haul
the bacgage for the Special Delivery Company.
Our agreement with the Draymen's Associa
tion provides that when any grievance arises
the manaser of the latter and our bunlnefs
agent shall confer and if possible settle the
matter. -This we did in thecaseof the dis
agreement over the baggage. of tha EpwortK
League. Mr. ¦ Renner requested our.-^juslness
agent to to to Mr. Morton, who was always
looking for more privileges than any. other
member of the association, and report ; to him
(Mr. Renner) what he, had aaid. Accordingly.
Into the combination.' This proposal the broth
erhood refused to indorse.
With regard. to our revised rules and regula
tions,, which we were forced to adopt , because
of the abuses of overtime privileges, and the
discharge of barn stewards and drivers who
claimed . their : overtime, we decided .'to stop
these abuses by putting into effect a more
definite set of rules. .
These rules were rejected by the Draymen s
Association, which; however, agreed , to live
up to the old rules in the future, or until Oc
tober X, when they- would expire by limitation.
. At a later period the* Draymen's Association
asked the assistance of the brotherhood in set
ting the leather and commission merchants to
raise the rates of drayage. This the brother
hood refused to do. knowing that the prices
asked were unreasonable. . The firm of Gugen
heim & Co.. which refused to accede to the
demands of the. association, preferring to deal
with its draymen only. . continued to have its
hauling done at the old rate. -The leather firms
which refused to accede to the demands of the
association at that time were as follows: Brown
& Adams. S. H. Frank. W,.D. Sumner, Kuhl
man, Salz & Co.. and several others in the
hide and leather business.
The manager of the Draymen's Association
then asked us that In event of their failure to
secure an increase in the rate of drayage, we
should refuse absolutely to use any of the
leather manufactured by these firms. This
proposition was also promptly rejected by the_
¦ brotherhood. ¦ •'
Another instance of the same kind relates
to the contract for haulin* to the Chutes new
butloins, which was awarded to John Tuttie,
who was not a member of the Draymen's As
sociation, and who was doing work which they
claimed belonged to the members of the- latter
body The association asked . the brotherhood
to interfere in its behalf. We interviewed the
architect, Mr. Lyons, and he decided to have
none but union teamsters haul to the build-^
tng Here a dispute arose, as •, to the hauling
of the cement. Jacobs & Co. had an option
on this hauling and agreed tpsublet the work
to the Stetson-Renner Draylne Company at 30
cents per barrel, they ta. get a rebate of 5
cents per barrel. Then a,not»ier member of the
association agreed to haul* the tement at 20
cents per barrel and secured- the Job, much to
the dissatisfaction of Mr. Renner. who be
cause the brotherhood i refuted t* Interfere in
the matter has been the cause of much dissen
sion between the association and the brother
hood. . . . . - ¦ ' . ,¦ . • - . : ¦
upon yesterday. The controversy wiilprobably be settled, to-day and the men will ; return lo
work to-morrow or as soon thereafter as notices can reach them. 1 , ' } _ \- : ;
.While these conferences have been many. and neither side has expressed* a willingness
: to. admit defeat,, the. happy medium seems to have been found. Upon the strike of .the iron
workers much depended. Around that strike, national in, its importance 'and backed by the
..Grand Lodge of the International Association of Machinists, the. American Federation of
• Labor; and other allied forces, pressure was concentrated; Against these were arrayed the %
owners of the various plants affectedj and the failure of the ironworkers' strike in the Eastern s
States seems to have brought about a realization ; of the conditions that would prevail, in San
EVERY indication points to an early < settlement of the troubles between, the ironworkers of ;¦
this city who went out on strike on May 20 and their, employers. The original demand
was for a nine-hour workday and an increase in wages then prevailing of 12, X A per \ cent.
Numerous conferences have been held, and a 6 per cent. advance was practically agreed ;
IRONWORKERS' STRIKE WILL PROBABLY BE ENDED TO-DAY,
THE MEN GETTING A SIX PER CENT INCREASE IN WAGES
Continued from Page Twenty-thxe*.
IRONWORKERS TO ACCEPT IHCREASE
At the close of the Interview tn« eom
xnittee took its departure and declined to
give an intimation as to whether it had
met with success or failure. The members
repaired immediately to headquarters,
•where the result of their meeting was
discussed at length.
Mr. Scott willingly told of the confer
ence. He said he did not invite It .nor
did he ask for one. He stated that- he
¦was always In bis office ready to see any
one who called on him. In speaking of
the meeting with his employes he said:
"I simply told them that I wanted It dis
tinctly understood before they had any
xhing to say that they did not come to my
office by my request or the request of any
one connected with the Union Iron Works.
"There were ten of our men In this com
mittee. They represented the different
<Jepartments In our yards. There was no
spokesman. Every man had his say and
I had mine.
"They were told there was no ill fueling
on the part of the Union Iron Works and
when they were ready to come back under
the same conditions of work and the same
pay that they were getting previous to
the strike they could come back. 1 told
them there would be another condition
imposed by us. and that was there was to
be less loafing than had been done pre
vious to May 20. I 6aid loafing would not
be tolerated, and I mean it. And, fur
ther, any man found derelict In his duty
would be discharged.
*'I showed the committee that the
profits in shipbuilding were not as great
as they believed. Mr. Burnet cUumed
that we made $1,800,000 profit on the bat
tleship Wisconsin. If we had I would
have retired from shipbuilding. I told
Mr. Burnet and other members of the
committee that we paid out $1,339.0(0 for
material, and if they so desired they could
secure experts to check up our boolts. I
don't suppose the men believed my state
ment, but nevertheless it Is true.
"The Union Iron Works rs moving •Jong
in the even tenor of its way. We are do
ing our work and are not worrying."
Although President Henry T. Scott gave
out that matters will remain as indicated
In his foregoing statement, later informa
tion indicates that the ironworkers wltf
return to work on Monday upon a com
promise basis.
A special meetlnjr of the Iron-molders
Union was held yesterday morning and a
conciliatory committee wfts appointed,
with full power to settle the strike rratter
to the best of their judgment. According
to Secretary McCabe the nine-hour day
was to be insisted upon, but the otrwr de
tails were to be left for adjustment
; For nearly two hours yesterday the
committee from the Metal Trades Coun
cil and President Scott were closeted to
¦ eether In the offices of the Union Iron
"Works. The committee was composed of
the following named representatives of
thHr respective departments:
H. M. Burnet, machinist; John Duncanson.
blacksmith; J. DeHz, molder; W. R. Butler,
ship fitter; James McFeeley, blacksmith's
helper: D. Murray, plate shop; James Becker,
pipefitter: George W. Reed, machine pattern
maker; A. Coakley. shipyard pattern-maier,
and Thomas Carroll, bolter worker.
Kenry T. Scott, president of the Union
Iron Works, ha* issued his ultimatum. He
yesterday Informed a committee of ten
znen who represented the striking em
ployes that the men could return to their
vrork and submit . to. the same conditions
end pay as were in vogue before the
.strike.
SCOTT OFFERS
NO CONCESSIONS
TO MACHINISTS
A Committee of Workmen
Meets the Union Iron
Works President
It Is Learned From Other
Sources, However, That
Matter Is Settled.
eteel castlnpa - for > railroads, and it- . 13
eald there will be a great saving to con
sumers in the number of patents used.
At the present time there are about 100
different styles of 'car couplers complying
with the requirements of the Master Car
builders' Association and the Interstate
Commerce Commission. ...
Most of these patents, while quite simi
lar In many respects, are owned by as
many private owners, who have ordered
the same made by the steel casting com
panies as orders. were received from rail
roads. A movement will : be, made to
"standardize" by, adopting three or four
standard patterns and thus avoid the ne
cessity of forcing a railroad to carry
a stock of parts for so many styles or
couplers. The steel casting companies
own some of the principal patents and
will refuse to make couplers for thosrt
outside the combination. What Is truo of
couplers is true also of brake shoes, driv
lnpr wheel centers for locomotives and
other locomotive parts.
"No member of the brotherhood shall work
for any person on firm who Is not a member of
the Draymen'* Association, except that where
members of the brotherhood have been working
on teams which heretofore have- been operated
by a party who does his own work they may
continue doing that work, but no member of
the brotherhood shall work for any such party
for any lower rate of wages than herein set
forth. ' ¦
? "No member ."Of the brotherhood shall drive
a team or do any work for any one -who has
been or may be expelled from the . Draymen's
Association, provided that if any member of
the Draymen's Association should be expelled
from the association the Brotherhood of Team
tters shall have the risht to inquire into the
cause and to . continue to drive for. such ex
pelled member of the Draymen's Association
until satisfied that such expulsion is In good
faith and just.
"This agreement is to be in force for one
year from the date of signing, but any of th«
parties hereto may call on the other to adjust
grievance? and may abrogate .this agreement
from cne day to one month after having given
notice to do so."
The Draymen's Association represented to
the committee of the teamsters that it con
trolled SO per cent of the draymen of San Fran
cisco, but when our rules went into effect we
found that it controlled about CO per cent only.
Thus we were confronted at the outset with
a difficulty in the effort to bring the draymen
not in the association under the rules of that
body. One firm In particular (the Globe Dray
age' Company) refused to join the association,
and the latter insisted that the members of the
brotherhood should not work <or that firm and
required us to take our members off the teams
of the latter, the association agreeing to pay
one- half of the cost of supporting the men thus
called off— an agreement which was not carried
out by the association.
The Globe Drayase Company continued to do
business, much to the dissatisfaction of the
Draymen's Association. One member of the
former firm. Mr. Goggins, in the employ of the
\ Owl Drug Company, was compelled to sell out
bis interest in the firm, and the company itself
afterward sold out to the Draymen's Associa
tion.
The next trouble arose over the flat trucks
of the Haslett & Bailey Co.. which the asso-
I elation claimed was working a great injury
> to its business. The Draymen's Association
appointed a committee of three, namely, Messrs.
McNab, Evere and Cutter, which, falling to
effect a settlement, called uj>on the business
agent of the brotherhood to. If possible bring
about an agreement between, them. As a re
sult of our efforts a conference of all ware
housemen In San Francisco was held,, at which
an agreement on rates of drayage and storage
In excess of the former rates was reached. .
This arrangement seemed satisfactory for a
time, until Mr. Morton saw tit not to comply
with the terms of the warehousemen's combi
nation, and flatly refused to llvex up to its
rules, much to the dissatisfaction oil the Dray
nun's Association and the warehousemen. .
. Abuses of Overtime Privileges.
Again the Draymen's Association- appealed
to the business agent of the brotherhood and
requested him to bring about an agreement
with Mr. Morton by. if necessary, forcing him
Bales That "Were Adopted.
Prior to the organization of the Brotherhood
of Teamsters In San Francisco the dally hours
of labor of men in the teaming .Industry ran
from 5 a. m. to 8 p. m. and 9 p. m. Any man
who objected to these hours was immediately
told: "If you don't Uke : It you know what
you can do.". • -- . ' -< ¦ ¦ ¦ ; . ' ! '•¦¦ '
Seeing that the abuses were so great, while
business in the teaming business was /good,
the teamsters banded themselves together for
their own Interests and protection. 'With this
object we formed a local . organization known
as the Brotherhood of Teams tera.
When about one week old the draylng- firm
of McXab & Smith undertook to disrupt our
organization. These gentlemen called their em
ployes together and stated ¦ that • they "must
either Quit the brotherhood or their employ."
They asked three of _ their employes It they
were members of the union, and being an
swered in th*- affirmative, these men were im
mediately discharged. The three members re
ported -the matter to the grievance committee'
on Sunday afternoon and on the following Mon
day the firm of McNab & Smith was requested
to reinstate them. On the arm's refusal to do
bo the remaining employes of the flrra were
called out, thus beginning the first strike-. o£ the
brotherhood. . ! ¦
After being out eight hours the firm decided
to take back the men, which it did, and the
incident was closed.. I
The teamsters of the city, realising the bene
fits to them of a protective organization, rap-
Idly Joined the brotherhood add on September
17 a circular was sent to the different firms
Betting forth the terms which we desired to
have inaugurated in the teaming business, said
terms to'take effect October 1. 1300.
On September 27 we received the f ollowine
communication: , •
"To the Officers and Members of the Brother
hood of Teamsters— Gentlemen: ¦ I have to ad
vise you that the executive committee ot the
Draymen's Association of San Francisco has
called a special meeting to be held this even
ing September 27, 1900, and I have to request
that the Brotherhood of Teamsters (which. I
am informed, also meets thU evening) shouM
appoint a committee to confer with a similar
committee from our association in regard to ;
the matter mentioned in your communication
bearing date September 17. 1900. Yours truly.
"C. 1* TIL.DEN.
"President Draymen's Association."
In accordance with this request a committee
•was appointed, which met a committee of the
Draymen's Association consisting of Messrs.
Tilden, Bocarde, Evers. Austin and Benner.
After some discussion the following rules and
regulations were adopted:
The Brotherhood. of Teamsters, through
John McLaughlin. secretary, and Michael
Casey, business agent, has issued the fol
lowing statement regarding the contro
versy between that body. and the Dray
men's Association: _. . _.._ ....___ .; . .
Revised Rules Are Rejected
After Discussion by; \
Draymen.
Teamsters State Grievances
and Cause of Their
Controversy.-'
BLAME MORTON
COMPANY FOR
THE TROUBLE
BAKERSFIELD. July ZX.— One hundred
men left here to-nicht over th« Santa Fe
to take the places of striking teamsterj
of San 'Francisco. They were hired by
the Draymen's Association.
Teamsters From Eakersneld.
•Boxmakers'" Union No. 152. the majority
of whose members were locked out Friday
morning, held a special meeting last night
at B'nai B'rith Hall. The executive com
mittee of the Labor Council and Grand
Organizer J. D. Pierce of the Americaa
Federation of Labor were in attendance.
After the situation had been thoroughly
discussed It was decided that the members
who were still employed should remain at
work until they were locked out.
The boxmakers are not on a strike, they
say.' They made no demands for rr>or»
pay or for shorter hours. Some wera
dismissed because the teamsters' strike
prevented the shipment of lumber or of
boxes. when made, but it is claimed that
many of- the boxmakera were locked out
because of their union affiliations. In all
about 400 members of the union are out
of employment and five of the principal
factories of the eity are closed. Hobbs,
Wall & Co.'s factory is in operation and»
is employing only twenty men. The other
factories that are affected are the Na
tional, American. Commercial and tti«
PacMc box factories. '
Although the union for the present con
templates no action, when the meeting
v.as adjourned, the executive committee
was given Cull power to act. Another
meeting of the Boxmakers' Union will be
held Monday aight in B'nal B'nth HalL
The officers of \ne union are:
President. Charles Clements: vice presi
dent. M. Hatlinan: recording . secretary.
J. J. cornyn: nnanelal secretary. J. t\
Burke: treasurer. J. A. Wilson: executive
committee— J. F. Burke, J. A. Wilson and
M. hallman. - \
Like the boxmakera. the beer bottler?
are not on a strike, but have been locked
out Ly their employers because they re
fused to give "up their union membership.
At tile m*setUrnr it was decided to aefer ac-,
tlon until fuijner developments, but every
"bottler -wajfTmstructed to- remain loyal to
his union
'Of •the -eighty unions forming the local
executive council of the Brewery Work
men's organization, several met last
night to .discuss the filiation. A fueling
was :manlfest that action similar to that
taken in the case of the bottlers would,
obtain in other branches of the trade 1 , and
that- the' men would receive a similar no
tification in a few days. Secretary Mohr
af the Brewers* Protective Association
said -that no action had yet been taken
by his association and that probably none
would be until the rejrular meeting day.
ment to Eemain at
HVvWork.
Decide to Allow. Those in Employ-
BOX3IAKEBS "WIH NOT
CALL OUT MOKE MEBT
There will be no strike of the unions
affiliated with the City Front Federation
to-morrow morning. It was expected that
the federation at its meeting last nighc
would order out the entire menabersnip
of 16.000 men in support of the striking
teamsters, but no decided actton was
taken. They will meet, again, however,
to-morrow night, and it is probable that,
unless the controversy between the Brotn
erhood of Teamsters and the Draymen 3
Association Is ended by that time, tha
St The result 1)f° "a conference held yester
day afternoon between the Mayor and
committees from the Employers Associ
a« m n and the Chamber Commerce,
which was given to the federation last
nl-ht at 5 o'clock, probably caused the
delay in the action .which it has been
supposed since the beginning of the trou
ble the federation intended taking.
The meeting last night was a*^, 0^
and at its close it was given out «>atthe
federation had no statement to make, to
?he Strike fs ordered the following or
ganizations, -with the membership ; given.
W B 1 ro5erho'od V of 'Teamsters. .1800; Coal Yard
Drivel; MO; Stevedores (four bruc*«>' ££&
Sailors' Union. 6000: Marine *•«»«»• -S*
Clerks.' Ship Joiners. Steam and Hot water
Fitters, 1S0O: Porter, and Packers and W*^
fionsemen, S00O. The total number of ment»»t
ralKht be involred In the strike 1 s. according
to the estimates of tjie employes. 16^50.
Report From Mayor Phelan
Causes Change in Their
Plans.
City Front Union Delegates
Will Act Decidedly
Monday Night.
GENERAL STRIKE
IS DEFERRED BY
THE FEDERATION
GENERAL STRIKE OF LABOR UNIONS IMPENDS, AS VARIOUS ORGANIZATIONS, AFTER CANVASSING SITUATION, DECIDE
TO CALL ALL THE ENROLLED WORKINGMEN OUT UNLESS TEAMSTERS STRIKE IS SETTLED BY TO-MORROW NIGHT
24
NAim
¦O
1 ¦
i
H
if
Everett ,'...;«...
Drookn .........
Hrot li^rt on . — .
Grant ...... ...T.
Bftttu
Golcher ¦"...¦;;;.,
Mannflold .......
Mocker .........
Rmyth "...;...:..
Mullrr ...........
119
ICfi
123
mi
8S
ISO
92 02 88,8 89.4
S3 85- 78.4 81.0
03.4 90.1 84.2 S7.il
RS.S SS 73 Sl.S
90.8 89.8 K1.8 85.8
02 01 ¦• 77.fi 84.3
RS 91 76.8 S3.!i
$6.4 DO S0.10 88. C
»0.4 88.4 T'.t.S 82.8
04 - 88 ., 7!t,2 82.7
*93*ii-is
64 R-i« :
91 4-15
81 3-15
'ioj
'ion
NAim
¦O
1 ¦
i
H
if
Everett ,'...;«...
Drookn .........
Hrot li^rt on . — .
Grant ...... ...T.
Bftttu
Golcher ¦"...¦;;;.,
Mannflold .......
Mocker .........
Rmyth "...;...:..
Mullrr ...........
119
ICfi
123
mi
8S
ISO
92 02 88,8 89.4
S3 85- 78.4 81.0
03.4 90.1 84.2 S7.il
RS.S SS 73 Sl.S
90.8 89.8 K1.8 85.8
02 01 ¦• 77.fi 84.3
RS 91 76.8 S3.!i
$6.4 DO S0.10 88. C
»0.4 88.4 T'.t.S 82.8
04 - 88 ., 7!t,2 82.7
*93*ii-is
64 R-i« :
91 4-15
81 3-15
'ioj
'ion
RB«BBBBWi«BBBEEeaBlEBBB£UIUIIBSBHfla'DlliaiB*in
' DR. MEYERS & CO. are ever the friends of unfortunate men. Sof-
QB fcrers can consult these eminent specialists without cost, and need not
M pay until they are entirely v/ell: .3 Every member of . the staff of DR.
H MEYERS .& CO. has made a life-long study of all weakness and dis-
W eases of men. Their remedies are the purest, best and most effective,
§ but never harmful. Their methods and appliances have no equal; their
g institution, is the largest and. their practice the most extensive in
g| America..-' . ¦ ? ".. > "' '/'.
g CURFS .W§i''' j\ IXCURABLE
I PERMANINT. W&& : I TAKlN
S CO\Sl)LTAT!ON \ i "^M^l' / AT
| free. s \i^^^m/ ANY PR1CE *
m If you are suffering with lost manhood (partial or complete), ner-
B vous debility in any of its viiriqus forms, a s private disease, or any other
m ailment, why not place yourself in tlie hands of DR. MEYERS & CO.?
B They can, make you well and' strong as quickly as is consistent with a
permanent cure, and on terms and at prices that arc within reach of
Sj . your means. ? ' .*
H HOME QURES-FREE BOQK
p DR. MEYERS can cure you at home. Although it is preferable to
BJ see the patient in many instances, it is not always necessary. If you
M cannot call,' write for private book, diagnosis sheet, free advice, prices
¦ and other particulars. Correspondence solicited. All letters confidential.
H No printing on envelopes or packages to indfeate name of sender. Cures
|lj s sent by, mail or express free from observation^ -
S ASTAFr OF SKILLED SPECIALISTS, ESTABLISHED 20 YEARS.
S 73 1 Market Street » gs^Sttff*
a, I U i , 6 AN r FRAKci3co./ entrance.. Ey W :nT»-7to8.-
UlSBBIBBIBVKJKrapCEIlIHBBHBEHBBSBBBriBIBaiBDBBl]Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, July 27.
The cases of petty larceny against Mrs.
M. C. Teeple and Mrs. E. MeConnell, the
sisters who are accused of having stolen
so many ornaments and potted plants
from the fashionable homes of Oakland,
did not reach a trial In the Police Court
to-day. The cases were called, but were
continued until Tuesday next at the re
quest of George E. de Golla, the attorney
for the women.
This case is daily developing more pecu-
Stolen Rugs Stored in
the Cellar of the
House.
ARTICLES FOUND
IN TEEPLE HOME
evening, July 31, at the home of the bridi
In East Oakland. It will be a pink an<
wnltn ypddlng. MIbs Louise Snowdev
will be brldfemald and Norman Parrlsh
a brother of tho groom, who resides li
THREE YOUNG WOMEN WHO
ARE ENGAGED TO BE MAR
RIED. .
OAKLAND. July 27.— Mrn. Emma Sum
n*r announces the engagement of her
daughter. Mixs Eva Beatrice Sumner. to
Charl*» C. Pnrriish of this city. The wed
ding will take place next Wednesday
• . " • • ,' •
together here. They were both earnest
¦workers in the young people's societies of
the local First Congregational Church.
Hfiss Holmes graduated from, the College
of Sccial Sciences last May. While at
the university she was a member of the
Prytaneans. an honor society among the
college women, and took a leading part
In all their affair*. She played Widow
Wiprins in the Junior farce, "James
Wctberts," and has taken leading roles
in many university theatrical perform
ances since then. Mr. Miller graduated
from the College of Chemistry In 1898, re
ceiving the degree of bachelor of science.
He was called to Honolslu. where he holds
the position of professor of natural science
in Cahu College. He came up from the
it>.* n<is« about two weeks afio to claim his
bride. After the wedding the young peo
pk« will go to Honolulu, where a home Is
availing them.
* ¦¦ ERKEL.EY. July 27.— Miss Anna
j}/ Lucia Holmes and Loye H. Miller,
™^v two graduates of the University
, I Jl of California, will be married on
August 1. Thfr wedding- will take
place In Riverside, where Miss Holmes'
patents have resided for many years. Al
though Mr. Miller's former home was
else In Riverside, the young: people first
became acquainted while attending- college
The engagement of Miss Rita' Harris
and A. Zellnsky will be formally an
nounced to-morrow at a largo reception at
the residence • of the bride-elect'a sister,
Mrs. Sllversteln, on Sixth street. The
house will be prettily decorated and about
150 guests have been Invited. .
The wedding will take place shortly be
fore Christmas and will be a large affair.
The ceremony will take place In wood
men'* Hall, and a reception and dance
will follow. Mlus Klsle Cohn of San
Francisco will be maid of honor and Miss
Martha BHversteln 1» to bo ono of the
bridesmaids. \ %
, The engagement is anndunced also of
Miss 'Louise Higgins of, Oakland and
Charles E. Fassett of Ogden, Utah. Miss
Higgins has only been a resident of Oak
land for the past two years, being a na
tive of Florida, where she was a. graduate
of the convent in St. Augustine. Mr. Fas
sett's home is in Winters, but since the
beginning of the year he has been chief
clerk In the postofflce at Ogden. No date
has been set for the wedding, but Mr.
Fassett probably will come to California
to claim his bride the latter part of Au
* ust -
New Tork, will be best maiL having come
to California to be present . at the wed
ding. Rev. Raymond Brooks, pastor pf
the Pilgrim Congregational Church In
jEast Oakland, will officiate at the mar
riage ceremony. _,,,,,,
The groom-to-be is the son of .William
• H. Parrisha a pioneer citizen of Oakland
and head of a large draylng business.
STEEL TRUST CHIEFS*
Continued Fronv Page Twenty-Three
; ;The. parting" that '¦ gives 'us' pain 'often
occurs while seated in a 'dental chair. 1 ; •-;,:;
». A : sensitive -. Scot f rebukes .,the.- London
Dally/ Chronicle ¦ for. saying that his coun
trymen 7 pronounce man "mon." "The ab
surd form 'mon,' "he writes, Vis the hall
mark of Scots', vernacular • as .written by.
a southern pen.'and its intrusion has often
lent' additional sadness to.comlc journal-
Ism, even, alas! to the pageslof our chief
humorous periodical. In, the north of Eng
land 'mon* *¦ certainly' occurs: In Scottish
speech never, r In Scott and Stevenson one
may look i for It in' vain. The. broad, soft
vocalization - of . the word ln\ Lothian i dia
lect *, lies . somewhere ? between » .'maun' and
•maan.'fbut as.it cannot be literally sym
bolized, the, word should; be spelt in dia
lect passages slmply'as in English.?— New.
York Tribune.^ / ,, \ >"' .7 ¦¦':>¦
Scotch ' Pronunciation.
negotiations with the" Amalgamated Asso
ciation omcials.-and Messrs. Shaffer and
Williams started promptly from Plttsburg
to New York.- ; Upon their arrival : here
they ¦ went\ to ' the s offices j of - the
States Steel -i Corporation on Broadway;
There they were met by President Charles
M. Schwab, -who took them .into his.pri
vate office. *.'¦ • ., •
: Schwab listened --. ? earnsetly. - % while the
strike leaders' explained the.- basis .-' on
which they would end the strike. Schwab,
after, he had learned the views of Shaffer
and Williams; hastened .to Uhe office of
Morgan. Schwab: spent an, hour with the
financier.". ¦"-.:-.'¦ : ¦ Z- .- >.
i When I Schwab • returned to his own of
fice ' Shaffer . and Williams were ' waiting
for. him.' At the -conference Schwabs did
most»of : the talking. - He told the; strike
leaders the terms on which Morgan-. would
consent to a settlement of all differences.'
, The discussion which- followed was emi
nently harmonious. It soon became appa
rent'that air differences could be adjusted
and' Schwab Y was"; beaming: when v : he
emerged -from i his • office -• shortly >. after - 3
'o'clock," accompanied :by; Shaffer, and *WH
liams."They, too,: seemed .to 1 be in good
spirits.; (-¦¦ ""¦•" *¦¦-..:••',¦ ' -¦ ¦¦"•'¦ ''
' Schwab .went ' again ¦ to, Morgan's : office,
where he ¦ remained '" more than an " hour.
He thcni.went untown.
Human natur'. has grot to be constantly
watched. De man who d run two blocks
to restore yo'- a- lost nickel *vould steal
yo'r two-dollar umbrella de , fust chance
he got. : , • . ¦'•'. ' •' '«.-'¦ ¦
I'ze bin a member of de Church of Zion
fur ober?fo'ty y'ars. ;a.nd yit when I come
to trade mewls wid a man I feel a tempta
shun riz up to find" all de windgalls an 1 ,
spavins on his animal alone.
' It; took- me " lino* . dan half a lifetime to
learn -to mind my. own bus'ness.-an den I
dlsklvered -daf people .thought I didn't
know anythlng.an'. couldn't mix in « if -I
wanted to. • .
Dar may, be heaps of things In de Bible
dat don't . mean . exactly' : what dey - read,'
but it .'pears tome dat de man who keeps
right ;'on 'hoeln' eo'n ' an' .bellevln' D.in'l
was ; cast into .' de : lion's den . won't hev.
much to takdback when he comes to die.
' De ' difference I between | extendin* an un
fortunate / pusson ' yo'r ¦ sympathy or; a, $2
bill am' exactly: 200 -cents in favor' of de
sympathy, an' it's mighty -few. men dat
want to go ag'ln sich odds 'as : dat.^-L tlca
Observer, ,
M. Quad's Sayings.
Islington is the most thickly populated
parish in England, having 112 persons to
the acre. Bolton comes next.
Lots of .men who imagine they are pub
lic spirited citizens will not hear their
names announced when the roll of honor
is called. .
A meeting of 'the Democrats of the
Forty-second | Primary Precinct, - Thirty
fifth Assembly District, was held on,Fri
day evening, with William A. Kelly in the
chair, and M. C. Brophy acting as, secre
tary. '¦' Earnest speeches were made in be
half of pure politics and honest govern
ment by<Mr. Kelly, Mr. Stevens and oth
ers, and It was decided that the selection
of candidates for. delegates" to -the county
convention should take place Friday, Au-
ZUSt 2. ;¦• ¦•-- ¦ ¦- ¦--¦'¦ ' -
Thirty-Fifth District Democrats.
SACRAMENTO, . July . 27.— Governor
Gage ' has appointed the /'following mem
btrr of the, board of directors of the Sol
diers' Home at Yountville: ' W. J. " Rud
dick of San Francisco, vice self, term ex
pired: A. McMahon of Santa Clara Coun
ty'vice self; W." R. Duncan of San Fran
cisco, vice self:, S. J. Loop of Alameda,
vice self: George Stone of San Francisco,
vicp J. II. Garrett, term expired.
Governor Names i Directors of the
Youhtville Soldiers' Home.
STONE . SUCCEEDS GABJRETT.
Zans, H. Menkp, Louis A. Wolff, G. W.
Glosser, W. J. Huflsey, J. B. Sykea, Myr
tllo Cerf and A. M. Currle.
The president. Myrtlle . Cerf, was au
thorized to appoint an executive commit
tee of five, the committee being empow
ered to canvass the names of applicants
for nomination as delegates and present
a Hat of delegates for ratification at the
next meeting. The president was also au
thorized to appoint a campaign committee
of eighteen, one member from' each pre
cinct, to assist In the thorough organiza
tion of the district. ',....-¦• ' ' ¦ '
The club has' opened ¦ permanent J head
quarters at 1229 Stelner street, near Eddy,
which will -be open' every evening from
8 to 10 o'clock. . • .%"' ,
"Yes "
"Weil, does your 'news eye' ferret ouft
anything unusual about her?" -
"She is standing. I suppose I might
either write up something about the rail
way octopus running crowded cars or else
denounce the men passengers for not glv
insr up their seats."
"Nothing of the kind! Those things have
been chestnuts long before you were out
of your cradle. Be original. Note those
handsome buttons on her' coat. What la
that we se» on the third button?"
"Looks like, a lump of wax."
"Which shows rthat you didn't take at
ten weeks' course in the school of journal
ism. That substance on the third button
is chewing gum. She has been shopping.
In some great store she has accepted an
invitation to sample a health food or
drink a cup of cereal coffee. The gum is
placed on that button for further use.
It is -forgotten for the time, then re
claimed and chewed vigorously for the rest
of the day. My boy, there is a good
story. Take a. pointer and write it up.
Tell in a breezy style of the terrible bac
teria that are unknowingly carried Into
the system. Get in at least two columns,
and never again tell me that there noth
ing to write up." — Chicago Dally News.
On the homeward car the apprentice
scribe confided. to to the reportorial Sher
lock that "things were* not comlnc hH
way."
"What l«< the trouble?" asked th* re*
portorial Sherlock.
"Scarcity of news," responded the ap-»
prentice scribe.
"Scarcity of news? Why, my dear hoy,
no true writer would say that. There Is
always something worth writing up. Let
us look over this car carefully. Do you
see that handsome woman In the Ions
automobile?"
"A Nose for News."
Continued Prom Page Twenty-three.
The Library Trustees have accepted the
building from Contractor Barrett and
maintain' that they have done their part.
The Council claims that the building is
unfinished, as none of the shelving has
been put in. It says that this . should
have been done with part of the $50,000
with which the Library Trustees prom
ised to complete the building.
The ; Trustees accuse the Council of
drawing parsimonious distinctions. They
point out the fact that the city has as
yet done nothing for the"* new library,
seeming content to look to. outside charity
to provide facilities for the free circula
tion of books. . The Trustees recently
made a strong appeal to the Council for
$10,000 with' which to provide furniture,
under which head they include shelving,
barely ..sufficient to enahle thorn to move
In.
As yet no money has been forthcoming
and the library ¦ remains huddled in itn
present inadequate quarters within .three
blocks of one of the finest buildings on
the coast, waiting for its use. -
Two detail)) bcHldcg tha furnishings re
main Incomplete. They are the finishing
of the main vestibule and ono of tho two j
largo rooms on the lower floor, reserved
PERKINS WILL NOT JOIN BARD
OAKLAND, July 27.— The handsome
new library building provided for
this city through the donation of
Andrew Carnegie is likely to re
• main unoccupied for a long while,
pending^the appropriation of funds by. the
Council to fit it to receive the city's "col
lection of books.
W. P. Harvey.', publisher of 1 a Metho
dist paper at Louisville, Ky., left for his
home, yesterday. He has been spending
several weeks with his family at the Pal
ace.
Charles M. Plum of the firm of Charles
M. Plum & Co., upholsterers, is In the
East on'his semi-annual purchasing tour.
Dr. J. M. Blodgett, who formerly was
attached • to St. Luke's Hospital but now
practices at Lodi, is at the Grand.
- Rev. ¦ Father E. " P. ! Dempaey, assistant
vicar .general, leaves this week i'or 'a
short trip to Puget Sound.
F. C. Lusk, administrator of the Glea
son estate' and a prominent attorney of
Chico/is at the Palace. .
C. W. Morton of Stockton is at the Lick.
. Dr. B.B. Cory/of Fresno Is a guest at
the Grnnd.
- H. M.-Reed, an oil man of Reedley, Is a
guest at the Grand, i
M. .'C. Farnum, an oil man of-Bakers
field, Is at the Lick. •':>-.•
; j Ex-Governor George ."W. Baxter of Colo
rado is at the Palace.'
Charles H. Roeder, a real estate man of
Madera. 1« at the Lick.
• Ex-State Senator George S. Nixon of
Nevada is at the Palace. I
PERSONAL.
¦ "We can't say when we will occupy the
now Quarters.^ Wo have done our part.
The Council has agreed to furnish and
maintain the library. It is now up to that
body."
-as a Juvenile department and left, at their
request, for the Ebell ladles to finish.
The vestibule was overlooked in draw-
Ing up the contract. The architect claims
that It was included by implication, at
least, in the general agreement upon
• which the contractor went to worfcc. At
any rate^. the finishing of this room was
not definitely specified in the contract and
the contractor refused to do the work
without extra compensation. The Trus
tees say that in this dilemma they were
forced to make terms, and agreed to give
Mr. Barrett $550 for putting in -the wood
work in the vestibule. "When it came to
doing the work they say that Barrett de
manded $700, and/ not having a written
contract for the'rormer agreement they
were forced to accede to the demand. In
cluding this $700,. for which they have pro
vided, the Trustees point proudly to the
fact tjiat the work will have cost as final
ly accepted for the city $50,250, only one
half of 1 per cent in excess of the original
stipulation. . -
The Ebell Society is making elaborate
plans for the children's room. Its com
mittee appointed for this purpose, headed
by Dr. Myra Knox, is in consultation with
an expert in Interior decoration; who will
be unhampered in his task of creating an
artistic and appropriate setting for the
Juvenile department of the institution.
- The ladles have agreed with the Trus
tees to spend not less than $5000 on the
room, which Is turned over to them un
nlastered, to finish and decorate ae they
thcose. The committee inspected the
building to-day and will report definitely
on its plans within a week.
Trustee Pendleton of the Library Board
said to-day:
"We rftgard the building as completed,
according to the contract, *and have ac
cepted it as such. The vestibule will be
finished at once.
CLASH OF CITY COUNCIL. AND
, THE TRUSTEES PREVENTS USE
OP THIS BUILDING.
BERKELEY, July 27.— The summer aes<*
tion of the University of California wilt
close on August 7, and from August 13 to
14 inclusive entrance examinations will bo
held. This year examinations for admis
sion to the academic colleges, to the Hast
ings College of Law and to the medical
department will take place In North Hall.
Berkeley. Examinations may also be held
at -different points throughout the Stata
on the same date. The recorder of the
faculties at Berkeley will make arrange*
ments for these If held.
Any person who wishes to take examin
ations should file application with the re
corder on or before August 6. Applications
may be Bent by mall. Recommended
graduates from accredited schools, who
have entrance conditions to remove,
should accompany applications with prin
cipals' recommendations. Matriculated
university students who appear for exam
inations in entrance subjects need not
make application.
The entrance examinations, of which
the following is the schedule, will be held
in rooms 15, 16, 17, IS, 21, 23 and 23 of North,
Hall; . i
August 13—9 to 11 a. m.. Enxllah l and At
U to 12:30. alrebra 3: 1:30 to 3:30, Latin I; 3:3d
to 5:30. French 15a.
Aufuitt 13—8:30 to 10:30, plane jreometrr *i
10:30 to 12:30, Greek S. Bnrltah 14: 1:30 to 8:30.
Latin 7, drawing 16; 3:30 to 6:30, United States
history and government 6.
August 14—8:30 to 10:30, Greek and Kotnan
history 10. chemistry 128; 10:30 to 12:30. me
dieval and modern history 13. Greek 9. solid
geometry 12*1, plane trigonometry 12a2, ad
vanced algebra 12a3 and 12a4. botany 12c,
zoology I2d; 1:30 to 3:30, physics 11; 3:30 to
6:30, German lSb. - i
A provisional schedule for special exam
inations has been arranged as follows:
August 12—9:30 a. m., courses In English,
civil engineering and botany: 1:30 p. m.,
courses in pedagogy. Jurisprudence. Latin and
mineralogy.
August 13—9:30 a. m., courses in history,
physics, astronomy and agriculture.
August 14—4:30 a. m., courses in Greek. Ger
man, zoology and drawing 1 ; 1:30 p. m., courses
in French.
August 18—1:30 p. m.. courses in philosophy.
Oriental languages and chemistry.
August 17 — 9:30 a. m., courses In mathematics.
The academic year will begin August 12,
and the first three days will be devoted to
entrance examinations. The calendar oC
the rest of the opening week will ba as
follows:
; August 14 and 15— Professors and instructors
will keep office hours for consultation with
students and applicants.
Aug-ust IS— From 9 a. m. to 5 p. m.— Graduate
and upper r us students will register In Har
mon Gymnasium for the first half year. Officer*
of instruction will keep office hours from 9:30
to 12 o'clock.
August 15— Instruction in upper classes will
begin at 1 p. m.
August 1»— Organization of freshmen will take
place. Admission cards will be issued to in
trants from 8:30 a. m. to 4:30 p. m. In th«
gymnailum. Freshmen will assembto at 11:13
a. m. in the gymnasium to meet tha president,
deans and instructors and advlst>rs, and front
12 to 4 o'clock they will flia their registration
cards. At 8:30 p. m. a university rally will h«
held In th« gymnasium to welcome, the fre«h
roen to college. •
Academic Year to Begin on j
?August 12 With Week for
Organization.
DISPUTE BETWEEN BOARDS KEEPS
LIBRARY BUILDING UNOCCUPIED
Carnegie's Gift to Oakland Not Made. Use Of Be
cause Trustees and the Council Differ as to
Who Shall Rut In Shelving for City's Volumes
Entrance Examinations |
Will Be Held at
Berkeley.
PLANS TO OPEN
THE UNIVERSITY
HENSHAW SAYS
"BUY OR SELL"
Offers to Take All the
Transit Company's
; Lines.
But Corporation Will Take
Over Haywards System
From Him.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, July 27.
The final papers in the deal that Is now
pending for the sale of the Oakland, San
Leondro and Haywards Klectric Railway
will be signed on Monday, and the -Hay*
wards line will then become a part of the
system of the Oakland Transit Company.
It, transpired to-day that when William
G. Henshaw secured control of the
Haywards line he. submitted to the Oak
land -Transit Company a proposition to
purchase all of its lines or sell the com
pany the road of which he had so recently
secured the control. It was a big deal,
for the transit company values its roads
at several millions of dollars.' The Oak
land Transit Company was more willing
to buy. the Haywards line than it was to
sell its own property, and so it. was de
cided, as was announced in The Call sev
eral days ago, that the Oakland Transit
Company would purchase the Haywards
lino. 1
Mr. Henshaw was ready - to make his
deal, an'd it is said that he had behind
him the necessary financial backing to
hove taken over the lines of the Oakland
TiansltyCompany. The offer Is still open,
but has been refused by the. transit com
pany. On Monday. the deal will have to
be closed one way or the other, and It
will be closed by the Oakland Transit
Company purchasing the Hay wards line
from Mr. Henshaw.
The Realty Syndicate, which owns the
stock of the Oakland Transit Company,
to-day took possession of the old Blair
ranch at Piedmont. The syndicate as
sumed the. mortgage and paid' the Blair
heirs their equity. The, Piedmont line of
the Oakland Transit Company will be run
through this property from old Piedmont
Junction when this line is rebuilt. The
surveys for the new line have already
been made.
EXECTJTOB WILL DEFEND
SUIT AGAINST TESTATOH
Action for Damages to Be Continued
After Death of Man Who *
Was Defendant.
OAKLAND, July 27.— The suit begun by
Mrs. E. E. Walker against Miner Alexan
der Pelletreau before the latter's death,
will be continued against his executor."
Mrs. Walker claims that she took care
of the late mining man for thirty-seven
weeks and that her services were worth
$20 a week., \
Pelletreau answered the suit by denying
that Mrs. Walker had cared for him for
more than twelve weeks or that her ser
vices were worth more than $5 a week,
and stating that ho had paid her in full
for the same.
There is only $192 C5 in' Pelletreau's es
tate. . Mrs/Walker's attorneys claim. that
the deceased gave his son just before his
death many thousands of dollars without
compensation. < ..„¦-.. ¦ - -i&t&ntstzxi
' One of Mrs. Walker's daughters,
Blanche, is thowife of Millionaire Board
man. * V *«/?«.?.«?.¦;!"
IN THE THEATRICAL
WOULD OF, OAKLAND
High Class Melodrama at tho Dewcy.
;';';. Frawley to Produce "Secret
Service."
OAKLAND, July 27.-Tho Dowcy Thea^
tcr has been doing some good work since
tho closing- of tho Macdonough Theater
left the amusement field exclusively to tho
Twelfth-street playhouse. Tho production
of "Michael Strogoff" during tho past
week was ono of the best things that the
Dewey han done In the Bccnlc und spec
tacular line.
During the coming week "The Fire Pa
trol" will hold the boards and Miss Efllo
Bond will make her appearance for the
lira*, time in Oakland.*
The week following will be given over to
"Secret Service, 1 ',, T. Daniel Fra»wley to
produce the play and take the leading
part. .'
Manager Lander Stevens has other
features in store for the Oakland theater
going public. _ ' .
Excellent line of parlor and easy chairs from
Van Ness avenue. . Sale Tuesday and balance
of week at H. Schellhaas', Oakland. •"
riBST MEETING OF NEW, i.
COUNTY SCHOOL 30AED
Educators" Adopt Resolutions in
Praise of . Associate Who With
draws After Ten Years.
OAKLAND. July 27. — The. first meeting
of the new' County Board of Education
was held in the office of T. O. Crawford,
County; Superintendent of Schools, this
morning.
The only change in the personnel of the
board is the substitution . of Dr.- John
Gamble for Director J. H. Eichoff, who
has removed to San Francisco from Ala
meda. 'Professor Eichoff was a member
of the" board for ten 'consecutive years.
-;The board adopted resolutions in appre
ciation of the. retiring member's services
to the cause of public instruction in this
county. • • . . . . ¦ :
H. C. Petray was unanimously re-elect
ed president of .the .board.- • . '
Opening of Berkeley Schools.
BERKELEY, July 27.— The public
schools of this - city will openi- August 12
and; the high -school August' 19. .THe
commercial school, a ' part Of . the public
system; will have rooms in the 'old
school building. Although the new high
school building. will not be completed be
fore September 1, . pupils, will occupy, it
two weeks earlier in order .that the
term's work may be: finished on time. ¦.
Furniture, good and cheap. H.' Schellhaas.
Goods delivered free. '¦ Cor. : store. 11th st: t Okld*
NEWS OF THE BAY CITIES OAKLAND ALAMEDA COUNTY BERKELEY
25
;; T^ ; ; SAN ;; FR^CIS^ 28, ., 1901.'
-If a man doesn't show up well in a pho
tograph it is useless for him to pose as a
handsome man
- OAKLAND, ' July " ' 27.— Special'.^ service
will be held by the Y. M. C. A. to-morrow
afternoon at the regular- Sunday: after
noon meeting. D. Edward Collins, the
president' of- the association, and R. : H. v
Chamberlain, vice president, , will both be
present to tell the local members about
th« Boston Jubilee convention which they
attended.- There will be special music for
the occasion. Leonard ¦ M." Meyers, • tha
athletic director of the,Y. M. C. A.; has
accepted an - offer ¦ from the ' Portland Y.
¦M.'C.'A.*'<o take charge of its junior ath
letic work. He has presented his resig
nation to 'tho' local association.
JflflflBB2SMM *n *
Y. M. CrA. Matters.
Stockton Cannery Glutted \ With
.Fruit That Should Have Come
t . . to San Francisco. .,
STOCKTON . July 27.— The strike of the
teamsters in San Francisco is beginning
to ; be. felt here. The cannery, a branch
of ..the California Canners' . Association,
with canneries in San Francisco, is
gested with fruit", and through a; scarcity
"Of labor much of it will be lost, as it can
not be canned . in , tim«j to preserve - it. !
Fruit which was to shave been canned in
San Francisco '-was shipped here and to
other country canneries, until now the
local cannery has refused, to purchase any
more fruit -This means a ; big loss to the
fruit raisers, as crops were large this'
year. The local demand is not sufficient
1 • Efforts are being made by the San Fran
cisco people to get teamsters from Stock
tori. They are offering the men $5 a day
during the strike and *J3 afterwards if
they care to remain. . They are also guar
anteed police protection. ' Very few > if
any, are accepting the offers.
Simpson & Gray, lumber dealers, under
boycott, have been notified . by '- the car
penters' union not to use. their. own. lum
ber on repairs being made to one of their
own ' residences. • v . • ¦ < ¦ . ;
rBTJIT-GEO WEBS SUFFER
BECAUSE OPTHE STRIKE
His House.
OAKLAND, July 27.— The divorce suit
of aged David Fenstermaker against his
young wife Mary is the culmination of a
long series of quarrels which have caused
several separations since the couple were
married In 1899. • -
Fenstermaker says that his wife habit
ually Ignored him and went so far as to
exclude him from the parlor while she
entertained gray company, leaving- him to
mope in. the kitchen while the sounds of
merriment floated through the house. The
mental anguish endured in these lonely
vigils forms the basis of his charge ; of
cruelty, on which he seeks a separation.
Helen A- Johnson, in her answer, to the
suit of Public Administrator Hawes to
gain control of certain property which
he claims belongs to the estate of her
late husband. James A. Johnson, as com
munity property, denies s that . she was
Johnson's wife and charges that he -had
another wife living when he married her."
YOUNG WIFE AND t AGED
HTTSBAND PART FOB GOOD
She Caused Him Mental Anguish by
Entertaining Gay Company in
At 1 o'clock it is rumored that six or
seven persons lost their lives in the build
ing, but this cannot be "verified -at this
hour. Several are reported missing and
may be in the ruins. The fire spread with
such -rapidity that even the fire-fighters
were nonplused. When • the first crash
came there was nothing but smoke, but
in. a moment afterward the place was a
veritable furnace from floor to roof. The
loss is about $50,000. "
IX)UISVII>LE. Ky., July 28.— In a fire
which early this morning destroyed the
property of the Bagley-Graham Photo
graphic Supply Company Max Belowltch
a cigarmaker, and Policeman' James Pru
den were burned to death In an effortito
rescue women and children who occupied
rooms- above the store.
. Shortly before midnight a terrific, ex
plosion awakened everybody in the neigh
borhood, and among the first to reach the
street in front of the building, on Jeffer
son street, near Fourth, was Max Belo
vitch, a cigarmaker, : living across : the
street. Hardly had the first explosion
died away before he had dashed up the
stairs In answer to »a woman's screams.
About, the time, he reached the second
floor he must have fallen, for when pick
ed-up only a few moments afterward- his
right side was burned to sucrisp. ¦
Police Officer James Priraen was found
on the third floor suffocated and , seven
firemen were taken from- the -ruins in an
unconscious condition.' Some of them will
probably die. - '
Among the seriously .Injured." firemen
are: Captain Tim Zahan- of Company 2,
badly hurt; Burnet. Harding, ladderman,
may die; Harry Brown, probably fatal;
Harry Swain, may die; Charles Kellar,
crushed, may die. % • : -
Cigarmaker and Police
man Die in a Louis
ville Fire.
HEROES PERISH
IN THE FLAME
From the collection of " articles at the
City Hall several identifications were
made to-day. Two large jardinieres were
found that belonged to the family of Wil
liam D. English.- former Collector of the
Port of San Francisco. They had been
taken from his residence, 12S Tenth street,
several months ago.
Edward Everett, former School Direc
tor, found two jardinieres that .had been
in the possession of his family for twen
ty-five years. - .
A discovery wag made of several rugs
hidden in the cellar of the Teeple house.
These rugs, illustrate the peculiar char
acter of these thefts. The rugs were never
used, and were simply hidden in the cel
lar, apparently with the idea of keeping
them out of sight. Yet, one of- the -ruga
was Identified to-day by Mrs. Frank E.
Brlgham of 1007 O&k street as having been
taken from her home more than a year
ago. The rug was apparently hidden as
soon as it reached the Teeple house.
Mrs. Brlgham also found a Japanese
bamboo holder for a flower pot and two
large jardinieres. These latter contained
earth and mud and "plants when they
were taken from the Brigham home, and
must have weighed between seventy-five
and 100 pounds each. This fact adds mys
tery to the strange affair, for It is argued
that the women could not have carried
these articles away without masculine
help, because of the weight. Yet not the
slightest suspicion attaches to the hus
bands. *»•."*•/
ilar features, and It la by far the most
remarkable that has, ever confronted the
police of Oakland. The women who are
charged with these unusual thefts are not
In a position of life where such acts.would
be looked for. The thefts were not made
for profit, because no attempt was ever
made to dispose of any of the • articles
taken. They were not made because the
articles could hot be secured at home, be
cause the husbands of the two wom-an
were able and willing: to have gratified
the wishes of their wives had these wishes
been expressed. In fact, Mr. Teeple
thought that the'artlcles that appeared
in his home from time to time had been
purchased by his wife, and he never ques
tioned her purchases. The thefts seem to
have been prompted by a kleptomaniac
desire. ' . "-¦¦¦ '.:¦-.
Miss Anna Lucia Holmes to Become the Bride of a Clever Young Educator
of Honolulu—Three Oakland Girls to Wed in the Very Near Future, An
nouncements of the Engagements of Two of Them Having Been Made
WELL-KNOWN UNIVERSITY GRADUATES
ARE, TO BE JOINED IN WEDLOCK
Weak Men
rot Laborde*t Wraderfnl French Preparation
"CALTHOS"
Restores Lost Manhood.
5 DAYS' TRIAL TREATMENT
Absolutely FREE by Sealed Mail.
No C O. D. or DEPOSIT SCHEME.^
"CALTHOS" it put before 70° on iti merit!
a!on«. Try It md put it M th» tMt. Try tt Free.
Tner» is no •ecnrlty r*iuire<i-no CO. D.jwhem*.
Sead u» your nun* >c<i addrau. and we will tend
yon enough "CALTHOS" to la»t fire day». 1«
wtU be sent la a »ealed package by mall.
In tbe qoiet of you bom* you ctn try it and ice
AU corrS^ondence nlaUns to th« CALIHO8
department of our tmslneas u atrlctlr cocfidcntial.
We neither publish nor forniih te«rtiinopJiils._-_
The marrelons French remedy **CA1-TJHO»."
recently Introduced in thl» conntry by the Von Mohl
Co., et Cincinnati. Ohio, one of the largest, richest
ana mon raponsibl* business firms in the United
Hit**, baa attracted the attention of the entire
medical profession because of the wonderful cares
It ku efiected. - If yon suffer from Lost AUnhood.
Vtrtcocele. Weakness of any nature in tho Sexual
Orgui or Kerres. (no matter bow caused), or if the
parts are undevelotMid or lute shrunken or wasted
away "CALTH OS ?» will restore yon. -f
••CAtTMOS" is a French discovery by Prof.
Jnie* Laborde, {anted ia Parts as France a foremost
tpecialitt.
•• tALTUCS" is tha only remedy reccgnited by
the medical rmf enion as a specific cure for weak men.
"CALTHON" has the endorsement of tbe Ger-
man and French rovernments, and ia largely used ia
the •tandi&tr armies of those countries.
Addrees applications for trial treatment to ' ¦
The VON MOHL CO.. 431 6,
CINCINNATI. OHIO-
BB|BBEBBBBBIBBBIHHimaiiaHHBlBIHIBIIlIN:
|A : MESSAGE TO '¦• \ ' <?|
I flliiglife WEAK^ MEN. |
H 'iiiiisi' *' iWRgm T *" s is a message to men. It is to |
H ' JJEalKlfcV ' :; TVlKlPg men who want to feel like men, to look j
'^ e mel1 aCt e men - T^" S tO I
El f^llv^^a men who lack courage, whose nerves 1
wi • vl V are s^ a^y> whose eyes have lost their j
H^-. yC % 1. \ sparkle, whose brains are muddled,
S ' r\^\- ??,.;„ \ " ideas confused, sleep restless, confidence
H .-¦¦ / x i i \^§§»^^ >^S^Si' S *^ \ '¦ . gone, ¦ spirits low and easily .depressed, |
/'¦"¦'" Jw' '^'''•'^^l f who are backward, hesitating, unable to |
J —«w *4***^^A I venture because they are afraid of fail- I
* "^^^^ **t^ s > -^k?^* i ure » W^o want somebody to decide for . J
H v-\^, f - ' V'Vs J J^f^ \)rfr" them, who are weak, puny, restless. It',J
1 fe_^ r - is to men who have part or all of these ' j
U symptoms and want new life, new j
y force, new vigor. I offer it to you in my j
| fsW^m »r!"5eiaiif Win's Electric Belt, j
m 'J(M w/i2 l^a Jt has restored health and strenrtii to thou- .
•J j^g W'/4 1^3 sands of weak and Impotent men. If used u J
™ O«K f!ii,it\ ' /^3 l direct It 13 a positive cure and cannot^fSll. i
Bl ¦Irv-Ilfa ¦ if^A 'iV v It. gives- the vitalizing power of electricity--]
El $32 WwHa J&fQ without 'burning or bllsterinsr. to every weak- j
B j|8J< lllki'fiWi Kf/Wtirl ened part, developlnsr the full vigor of man- >
53g I HvH&gi WtfyWrf hood. It removes all the effects of indlscre- J
Bl^<^" j{3E - J?,liv'wS8 x g-^eBm. . : tlons or excesses forover. The failure of medl- I
Hi !v«fc-*£w\\fc\ «vflBfc 5 '» cine, of quacks, ami even of other so-called |
U- w^«t N \Xw\^ \vA\\fi2£j9 Electric B61ta is no aruument ajralnst Dr. Me- i
Vt ®m&. V «\|l W*m3 Lauphlln's Electric Belt. Xo other treatment, t
*" TV Y 'IHJW no other belt Is In th<> sama class with It. "
El 'V^yWs. WM U&*M Everything else may fall, but Dr. McLaunh- I
21 BrG&i R\ M\\\ /''fiSSB Hn's Belt will cure. It HAS cured thousands |
5 /§«!s»'Tt2sv < V *S9l who have" tried other remedies without iuc- |
EB ¦^^^Ly FT19& l nBfiBj& SPECIAL NOTICE.— If you have an old belt '
18 !lt ffi ijiTn'TfflflT* irfEnrB of Another make which has burned and blls- !
<m 3//// I BxS WhvWSI tered you. or one that did not possess elec- I
S JEJ • // / J&itfi 'IJW/W H trlclty. brlnar It In and I will allow you one- ,
!S £$/ / / Lc&l&i \^W\\-\^ half the- price of mine for It. • . J
iS B A^L** 35^; w)V— A can't call I will send you my beautifully lllus- j
M lblXBlatrtJ?s*Sj^]£&t&9 - trated book with full Information free. Call j
2 *™*B*^t-fflBKBaaEa^««fly ; ;. or write now. Don't delay. \
sDRj.c. Mclaughlin, rsss-siSOCIETY'S SUMMER OUTING
Miss Stelle Hart. Mrs. Robert F. Devlin, John
Trayner. I Miss 'Irene Trayner, Mrs. H. R. War
ner, Mr. and'Mrs. T.;G.- Paige, Dr. H. Lagan,
Highland Springs: A. ; . T. Peterson 1 : and wife,
Adeline Peterson,' Mildred Peterson, A.'Jacobs,-
Jamea Jacobs, C. » H. Stegman, Miss Eva
Yorker, Pauline 4 Yorker, Ed R. Rayner, Will
T. Gray, Miss Rosalie Stltea, Mr." and Mrs. A.
Fibush. Mrs. Joseph B. Agasslz, ' Mr. and Mrs.
Stanly Jackson and maid W. W. Foote, II. B.
Rollins and wife, H.- G. Sapmaker and wife,'
Oakland. : - .
WILBUR HOT ; SPRINGS— Registered at
Wilbur Hot Springs during the ; past week
were: From San "Francisco— Mrs. Gustave
Schee, Mrs. I M. Parodl. Jr G. Parodl, L. P.
Crane, M. Butters, J. J. . Crowder. From
Woodland— H. C. Statton. < M. ' Kerman. J. H.
Gernanhaus and wife. ( From Sacramento— Mrs.
Mary Goebert, Miss Lou Gurth, Mrs.- I. Blum,
W. H. Thompson. From Willows— F. H. Cur
ler, R..C. Carter, J. H. Debs. From Colusa—
S. L. Hickock and family. L. I^evel. Miss Lulu
Phillips. Misses Hazel and Mamie Phillips.
M. Bender. H. Cleves. Anton Miller. From
Williams— Miss Nora Gibson and sister. Mrs.
A. Goodman. Mrs. Andrew Smith. Miss Rose
Smith and sister . Emma. ( From St. Louis-
Phillip Rlngley and 'wife,\ Thomas Shulz. From
Norman— A. J. Mlddlecamp and family, Arthur
Middlecamp. From Rio Vlsta-O. H. Elliott
and family, R. c. Carter, L. Leard, R. Apple
gate. From Cottonwood— J. Lynch and wife.
W. H. Thompson, L. Mitchell.
MARK WEST SPRINGS-Late arrivals at
Mark est Springs include: Miss - Kenny.
Fred Offenbach. ; Mrs. Fred Offenbach, Sacra
mento; D. E. Martin, H. Twardman, Mrs. H.
Twardman, Mrs. L. Fra nkenbercr. Mrs. P.
Slchels. S. . H. Stewart. Thomas O.
Kennedy, James B. Smith, Mrs. J.
J. Gallagher, Jtflss Grace •' Gallagher^
Oakland; Mrs. F. Gee, Miss Laura Northcup,
Frank F. .Deary, Mrs.. E. F. Moran, Ramsey
Moran, I. Wallenberg, J. Palmer, R. Schren
??*' « "• J> ' Palmer, K James Palmer,
H. G. Hanley, Miss- Morrlll, Miss
Margaret Drlscoll, J. E. Samuelson,
P. W. Dickman, R. Bovarenn. Dr.' E. Her
wig. Mrs: M. E. Bradley, Mrs.-C. H. Royer,
William Zoerb, S. Aufrlchteg and wife, Miss
Evelyn Cohn, William Fruend, Miss Carrie
vvilllams. Joseph Dold, J. J. Moran. Emllle
Humphrey, Paul Humphrey, Mrs.. C. Usher.
Miss B. Usher, Miss G. Tozer, Louis Nelson,
Mrs. L. Nelson, L. C. Nelson, Rev. John Col
nns, Dr. J. P. » Williams, New York;
Frank Esmond, D. H. Frye, Mrs. Em
ma, Bandman, Miss A. Fauser, Wal
ter Meyer. I. Wollenberg. Mrs. H. Kroeger.
O. C. Voss. R. Wakmann, Oakland; H. J.
Cross, Miss Myrtle A. Rose, Harry Drury, John
Desmond, Walter N. Brunt, Mrs. Walter. N.
Brunt and child, E. R. Sabln, A. Katchlnskl.
Antone Ross, Frank L. Mayo. J. P. Jensen. O.
Jensen, Rev. P. Casey, Miss Maguire. Miss
Cassin, Mrs. R. Shellhaas, Miss C. M. Leach,
Mrs. J. S. Stewart.
CAMP -TAYLOR— The following, are the re
cent arrivals at Camp Taylor: From San
Francisco— Josephine Abraham Charles Meyer,
B. Smith, Paul A. Normand, L. Hough. Mrs.
Lmlly Webster, L. C. Gebhardt, Mr. and Mrs.
Eagan, Mr. and Mrs. H. G. Ross, W. W.
Smith, Miss Agnes McCarren, Mamie Sllva,
Grace Mclntyre. Mr. and Mrs. Bartles, Miss
A. Hogan, Nellie Biel, Mrs. A. E. Drendel.
Louis Wameer and wife. Mark Noble. Miss
Jennie Stevens. W. C. Swabel, H. N. McKIe,
B. Franks, Emily Hoffman, | Clara P. Hoff
man, Mr. Green, James Holmes. Miss Peterson,
Mr. McBnhill, Miss ] E. Raymond, Miss E.
Louis, Mrs. J.- S. Shearman, Frank Shearman,
Benjamin Shearman, • Mr. and Mrs. Josslynn,
Herbert Klemm, H. Bullwlnkel, Mr. Raymond.
Mrs. C. J. Sullivan. Miss Clara W61fE. A. H.
Brown. Ethel McMann. Matilda Mawson. Kate
McGrath. Margie McGrath. Kate Reynolds.
Gus Seyfrled, William Rombaeh, Colonel G.
Robinson. J. L. Lengfeld, L. Harris, Alexan
der Wagner, W. C. Prtchard, C. A. Mitchell,
Frank Davis, J. Fairgrier, F. Holmes,- Charles
G. Bennett, Miss L. Byrnes, J. Keegan, ' Miss
M. .Slattery, R. Whelan and wife, James
Brady, Joseph Holle, Miss J. Tresch. -Mrs. M.
Tresch, Joe Tresch. Mlsa Purcell, Miss Amelia
Rothwell, Mrs. Mclntyre and children, Mrs.
Bennett, Miss Bennett, Mr.. Wayner. C. L.
Graber and wife. From Oakland — J. W. Lan
grldge, J. H. Moore. J. Gllman, P. Flynn, W.
C. Stevens. Mrs. J. Thlbault, Hazel Shay,
Marie -A. K. Madison, W. M. Hamelin, Mar
garet E. Sheehan: From Alameda— Jennie V.
Gilbert, Margarid Kriske, J. J. Kelly. J. H.
Mitlett. L. M. Swlsher. From New York—
Mrs. Emelie Howard, H. R. Ayers and wife,
Mr. Kneeley. /
CALIFORNIA. HOT SPRINGS— Among the
late arrivals : at California Hot Springs are:
From San Francisco — A. M. Fuller, Robert C.
Porter, John Hoey, Dr. and Mrs. G. F. Gra
ham, Miss Bertha E. Fairchild, .Charles Hoey,
Merrett A. Cutten, E. M. Morris, ' James F.
Forster, J. H. McGivern, Mr. and Mrs. D. H.
Green, Mr. and Mrs. C. G. Clinch. William G.
Clinch, Charles D. Clinch, Miss Belle Levingr
ston* Miss Essie' Levingston, John Ferguson,
A. Hoffman, Theodore J. Fish, Mr. and Mrs. W.
J. Barnard and daughter. Miss Mary Barnard,
Mr. and Mra, W. S., Ashe, Dr. Robert J. Mc-
Adorey,' Mr. and Mrs. G. S. Rundle. Mme. L.
A. Sorbier, Miss-Ceciel ) Sorbier, " Miss Masie
Sorbler. Captain Matthew Turner, Charles. C.
Hoag, J. J. Hoagr, Mr. and Mrs. H. H. Tyler,
Mr. and Mrs. L. A. Logan, J. W. Hicks, Mrs.
G. Boyden, Dt. W. S. Fowler, J. Crilly, N. An
drews, R. P. Waite, W. L. Walters. Mr. and
Mrs. S. N. Wood. George Banks, Mr. and Mrs.
J. P. Whitney; from Stockton — Mr. and Mrs. E,
S. W. Woods, A. H. Woods. Marcy Woods;
from Oakland— Mr. ; and Mrs. A. Rlcketts, W.
B. Fuller; 'from San Diego. Professor Alex E.
Graham: from Chicago, Mrs. Luclle F. Van
Horn; from San Mateo, Mr. and Mrs. Henry
Henriouelle; from Mazatlan. Mexico— Mrs. M.
E. Felton, Edward H. Hoag; from Crockett,
Texas— Mr. and Mrs. J. E. Downes, J. F;
Downes; from London, J. F. Forster; from Val
lejo, Robert B. Loyall; from Petaluma, A. M.
Blanchi; from Martinez, W. S. Tlnnlngs.
VICHY SPRINGS— Among the -arrivals at
Vichy Springs are: San Francisco— Mrs. G.
Orsz, A. W. Blow, Mrs. F. B. Norton and
daughter, Mr. Molloy, wife and daughter, Peter
Robertson. C. N. Vanker. J. London, D. O.
Sullivan, Charles Basch, Philip Banch, Mr.
and Mrs.' H. Schuaz, A; Goldsmith, C. F.
BrlKRs. Mrs. C. F. BrlgRs, General R. H. War
field. Mrs. R. H. Warfleld. Mr. and Mrs. Goortco
Hewlett. Carrie Clayburjth. Talmer B. Hewlett,
Ruth Joseph,- Sedalla Hill, Edna F. Lyman,
Eva Phillips. Dr. N. F. Southard, Dr. D. A.
Hodyberd. Mrs. D. A. Hodyberd. Dr. E. W.
King. Mrs. E. W. King. Mrs. Frank Hlttell,
W-. P. O'Noll. E. A. Townsenrt. W. M. Plcry,
C. W. Broback. E. S. Ames, Louise Ames. G.
J. Moynlhan, P. Menlhan. Mrs. P. Menlhan,
Mrs. E. Rolker. E. Rolker. H. W. ¦ Post
lethwalte, Mrs. II. W. Poatlethwalte, Ken
dig Beane, 'II. Simmons, H. Harris, W.
W. Shathan/ Mrs, R. W. Whlttler. Alfred
B. Weller. Mrs. Etta I Weller, Mr. nnd
Mrs. W. H. Tyler, A. O» Baldoclch, F. W.
Hammon. F. D. Bartlett, F. B. Dlckson. Mrs.
F. B. Dlck.ion, W. R. Pease, Mrs. W. R.
Pease. O. E. Williams, MIbs Julia Ntppert,
Miss Louise Neppert. Miss Ada Schendel, Miss
Ornco Kafka, Mrs. C. P. Kennedy, R. P. Jan
sen, wife and son. Oakland— S. Jacobs. I.
Jacobs. Mr. and Mrs. S. Hubbard. Alameda—
C. M. Rufander. M. Culvar and wife. Los An
eeles—Thomas B. Merry, Mrs. Thomas B.
Merry, H. W. Drenkel. Greenwood— T. .W.
Klncren, Mrs. T. W. Klngren. Ashland, Or.—
Mrs. Walter E. Connor. Martlnex— W. 8. Tln
nlng. A. B. Tinntnr. Honolulu — John A.
Graack. Blue Lakes— O." Weisman.
HIGHLAND SPRING3-Recent arrivals at
Highlands Include: From San Francisco—
Woodley Dates Smith. Leroy E. Barnes, Mrs.
Eugene Jin hn, Miss Pearl Mone, Mrs. J. E.
Hopkins, Miss Mabel K. Hopkins, Miss C.
Pesante, Mlsa Mamie McVerry, Miss Fannie
Laughlln, Miss May Laughlln, . Frederick
TrowbrldRe. J. D. Wadsworth, H. ' L, Moore,
Mr. and Mrs. I. Levy, Mr. and Mrs. A; II.
Vail, Stanley Vail, Mr. and Mrs. M. Rehflsch
and children, Mrs. Paul Rehflsch. Miss Adele
nehflsch, Mr. and Mrs. J. Weber, Joe E.
Levin, Mrs. C. J. Church. Mrs. H. Steel. Miss
Steel. Mrs. M. E. Tobln. Mr. and Mrs. H. M.
Llchtensteln. Mrs. Jones, August Larnr, Homer
A. Cralsr. Georce Frahm. Charles M. Mills,
T. N. Hammond A. O. Baldocohi. Oakland-
Miss May Conley, William LnnK, W. E. Dean.
F. J. A«mew. San Rafael— M. Hersosr, Miss
Leona Hentosr. Sacramento— Mrs.. Ross. Uklah
— H. T. Hutch. H. H. Elliott, Pinole— Mrs. E.
M. Downer. Mrs. T.' nouquet. • Mrs. B. Fer
nandez. Thomas Fernnnde*. Lower Lake— J.
A. Harris. Cobb Valley— Walter Young-. Wuo
!*k(>s— Arthur A.' • Hntfleld. .Mrs. C. Hatfleld,
Mlta KstffMo J. McAlll«ter. Laurel 1VI1-K.
Purimn. Lnkenort— A. W.-Oreen. J. A. Dunn,
W. H. TTonefeurer, Robert Foster. S. H. Mo-
Kee. Chlcaro. III.— MIms M. a. Reftnold. .
/ S^ XE of the pleasant events of
/TVnA the past ¦week was the dinner
A \\ M given on Thursday evening by
I V \ \ V Mrs. Eleanor Martin at her
\^ v -^^' elegant: home on Broadway.
Mrs. Martin's guests ..were:
Miss Young, Miss Elizabeth
Toung. Miss Hager. Miss McNutt, Mayor
Phelan. Hermann oelrichs. Captain How
ard. Dr. George F. Shlels and S. ,G. Mur
phy. ¦¦ * - ' «••••» i;i f .L<2
Miss Harriet M. Griswold, daughter of
the late Dr. and Mrs. W. F. Griswold.
£as returned from. New York City.' Her
marriage to John A. Faull. son of the late
Mr. and Mrs. John A. Faull, will take
place at the" residence of Miss- Griswold' s
aunt. Mrs. W. O. Gould. 201 Central ave
r.ue, on Wednesday evening,. September 4.
They w ill reside in Portland, Or.
The engagement Is announced of Miss
Rita Hams and Abe Zehnsky. They will
be pleased to see their fneods to-day,
from :to5 p. m., at 5£S Sixth sireet. Oak
land.
Mrs. R. Desbeck announces the engage
ment of her daughter Frankie to Marun
C. Ottenheimer. They will receive their
friends on the afternoons of Sunday, Aug
ust 4. and Wednesday, August 7, at but
Franklin street. «
; Miss Hattie Gabriel will be married to
Henry L..<6amson at the residence of her
brother. Harry Gabriel, on Sunday, Aug
ust 4. at noon. The wedding will be strict
ly private and only the immediate rela
tives will be present.
1 The engagement is announced of Miss
Lizzie Coilms of San Francisco and Hans
Kleinlem of Nuremberg, Germany.
The McKenxie Musical Society will give
its third bay excursion and picnic to-day.
The 6teamer Caroline has been chartered
for the occasion and the trip will include a
visit to all points of Interest on the bay.
. The regular monthly meeting of the Na
tive Sons of Vermont will take place on
Friday evening. August 2. at Odd Fellows'
Hall. The following programme has been
prepared for the occasion: Overture, Del-
Iepaine'8 orchestra; song. "The Holy City,
Master Allan Larklns, the little tenor,
aged 6 years; cornet solo, "Sea Flower
Polka." Miss Hazel Bone; soprano solo,
selected. Miss Maud Williams of the Tj
voli Opera Company: recitation. "Saund
ers McGlashan's Courtship," Mrs. Rule D.
Meeke. dialect artist and ventriloquist;
Spanish song, "La Paloma," Miss Mae
Roverson. with guitar accompaniment;
"That Rascal Pat." a comedy in one act,
presented by the Entre Nous Comedy
Club.
The marriage of Miss Charlotte Ger
trude Wilson and Ira J. Jarmon-Hall was
very quietiy celebrated en Sunday morn-
Ing last at the reslo'ence of the bride's
grandparents, Mr. and Mrs. George Hatha
way. 1920 Howard street. The bride was at
tended by her sister. Miss Eleanor Wil
son, end the groom's attendant was James
Busfleld of Massachusetts. The ceremony
¦was performed by. the Rev. G. Galloway
according to the rites of the Episcopal
church, and afterward there was an elab
orate breakfast at a. downtown restau
rant. The happy pair will reside in this
cit;\
The twentieth anniversary of the wed
ding cf Mr. and Mrs. M. L. Parks of
Kichmond, Contra Costa County, was cel
ebrated last Thursday night. Richards
Hall, which was used for the occasion,
was beautifully decorated by Miss Flor
ence Austermell of Los Angeles, Mrs.
Ihorne and Mrs. Haynes. Evergreens,
sweet peas and ferns were used with
artistic effect. The wedding ceremony
was re-enacted by the Rev. Mr. Young
love of Richmond. The evening was de
lightlully passed In singins and dancing.
The lollowing- ladies and gentlemen con
tributed vocal and -instrumental numbers:
Mrs. de Sylva. Mrs. Abbot, Mr. and Mrs.
Kimball. Mr. and Mrs. F. billington, Er
nest Dougherty, Mr. and Mrs. Whltcomb
and I»i. L. Parks. A special feature was
the splendid reading of Miss Florence
Austermell and the singing of Hawaiian
and plantation melodies by Mrs. Whlt
comb. At midnight a sumptuous banquet
was served at the residence of tne happy
couple, where, amid the popping of corks,
toasts were given and congratulations
were offered. On a large table in the re
ception room were a number of beautiful
and costly gifts of china ware. The floral
decorations of the supper table were most
artistic, large quantities of sweet peas,
while roses and maidenhair ferns being,
used. Those present were: Mr. and Mrs.
W. B. Gard, Mr. and Mrs. N. S. Vetter,
Mr. and Mrs. J. Vetter, Mr. and Mrs.'C.
Whitcomb, Mr. and Mrs. F. Crlt
chett, Mr. and Mrs. J. Simon, Mr. and
Mrs. W. Wing. Mr. and Mrs. A. Kimball,
Mr. and Mrs. F. Billington, Mr. and Mrs.
M. L. Parks, Mr. and Mrs. J. Salkeld,
Mr. and Mrs. A. Park. Mr. and Mrs. S.
Little, Mr. and Mrs. E. H. Harlow. Mr.
and Mrs. McCabe, Mr. and Mrs. D. de
B.arrows, Mrs. G. de Sylva, Mrs. A. B.
Thome, Mrs. C. Haynes, Mrs. F. Abbot.
Mrs. H. C. Baldwin. Miss Carrie Shemetla.
Miss Florence Austermell. Miss Catherine
Wilson, Miss Eva Dougherty, Miss Lillian
Park?, Miss Ella Parks, Mr. Richards.
D. Carpenter, W. Moulton. C. Rlhn, T.
Klhn. H. Scavalan. E. Dousherty. T. Sa
vlll. T. B. Parks. T. C. Coakley. S. Vl«-
Jich. C. Heinernan. Roy Parks. Will Parka,
F. Vetter and F. Billington Jr.
A gathering of friends met at Fairfax
on July IV to celebrate the double birth
day aninversary of Mrs. Henry Gleeson
and Nathan Levy. In honor of the occa
sion a ride was ryanned to the Summit
Houre. A party of eight started for the
mountain at an early hour, and on their
return they were agreeably surprised at
finding a number of friends awaiting:
them and a bounteous supper spread un
der the trees. • ¦
Harry H. Lieb was vote* toastmastir
ana the toasts were many *nd to the
point. Thomas H. Kortick mad* a few
happy and suitable remarks. Mrs. Kor
tick favored with one or two select reci
tations. Mrs. Gleeson was presents
with a very handsome ring; also a gold
Reverie will carry the names of Lieutenant C.
G. Calkins of the • United States Navy, "John
P. Young, editor, of the San Francisco Chron
icle; Eugene Del Mar,' a . gentleman ¦ whose
presence at Camp Reverie ' from the first has
contributed much to the intellectual and social
pleasures of the summer, and Edward B.
Payne, president of -the associaticn. Lieuten
ant Calkins' subject is not yet announced; Mr.
Young will discourse on "The Centrifugal and
Centripetal Forces in Governments" ; Mr. . Del
Mar's subject will be "The Self": Mr. Payne
will ppeak on VThe Three. Great Problems of
the Human Being.":. .
I SKAGGS- HOT SPRINGS— Following are th«
recent arrivals at Skaggs Hot Springs: San
Francisco— Captain Henry Prien, -A. L. de
Martini, C. A. Luhmensen, Clements N. Frank.
George D. Graham and wife. J. F. ' McDevitt,
F. R. Wetmore Jr., William John and wife, L.
Frank, Harry Levison, N. Oppenheimer and
family. Miss Helen Haymond, \V. Shaw and
wife. G; Burton Waterman, wife and daugh
ter; Charles E. Parent, A. F. Barnard and
wife, Hon. Thomas C. Maher. W. A. Breslin,
Milton Goldsmith,- John J. Carroll and family.
Dr. B. F. Alden. D. • R. Halle. J. J. LogRle,
Miss Edna Loggie, Miss Vlda Loggrie. W. A.
Mitchell, wlfo and son; J. Klrschntr. Mrs. J.
H. Wade. John H. Wade Jr.. Mortimer A. Sam
uel. Miss Hattie Samuel, Mrs. J. Harris C.
Morton and wife, Frank Morris, Professor S. F.
Mensbach, William Meagher. R. Curtis and
wife. M. Samuel. C. Levy and wife, J.. Phillips,
wife and son; M. Pineus and wife. Mrs. H.
Harris, Henry Mayer. Dr. H. A. Cohn. Joseph
L. Cohn, Lester E. Lewis. Max G. Harris, J.
L. David and wife. James Hoffman, Joseph
Hirsh. George Morgan and wife. Miss TUUe
Fease. Robert Myler, J. II. McEvoy. Madamo
Graessler. Cole D. E. Miles and wife, Miss
Ethel Miles, Anton Meyers. H. M. Ashley, J. S.
O'Neal. D. Hansen. E. Plncus, wife and chil
dren: Miss Adele Boyken. Miss Anna Boyken.
Miss Tillie A. Boqken. Miss Susie Martin. L.
Slater. F. W. Hammond, A. G. Baldoccli.
Arthur E. Curtis. Mrs. W. J. Sterett, Masters
George and William Sterett, H. M. Ward, Mrs.
M. Simpson, Miss Jennette, Mrs. J. Thomsen,
Miss Hulda Thomren, Miss A. Thomsen, Gus
Holdstein. Robert H. Rutch. Samuel Abraham.
Lon Claasaen, Peter J. Curtis, Hon. Lawrence
J. Dwyer, A. Sbarboro. Miss Romle Sbarboro,
Ronl Sbarboro, Alfred Sbarboro, Remo Sbar
boro. Joseph Friteh, George J. Panarlo, L. W.
Kaiser. Max H. Guenberg. Hugo Levin. Harry
Levingston. T. G. Cohn. J. W. Miller, Samuel
Raphael and family,- E. . J. Levin. Mrs. A. E.
Bergson, Miss E. Bergson. Oakland— T. S.
Crellin. H. M. Barry, Mrs. George H. Jeffress,
Mrs. A. F. Peterson, Miss A. Peterson, Mis?,
Mildred Peterson, Mrs. D. Keyenhagen. Miss
Mina Janssen. C. W. Harris, wife and child;
Miss Agnes Brennen. Miss Josephine Hollohan.
Alameda— W. C. Donnelly. Dr. W. L. Fried
man. G. Zeh. Berkeley— William L. Overstreet.
J. B. John. Mr." and Mrs. H. v W. Taylor, Miss
Bernlce Taylor. Mrs. I,. E. White, Ludwte
Meinhoit. Santa Rosa— W. W. Barham. J." H.
Einhorn, wife and daughters: Mrs. A. Jacobs,
W. W: SkagKS, Mrs. Lillle JustI, A. Gutsch.
San Jose— L. B. Mayer. Hay wards— Mrs. D. G.
Frantz. San Rafael— P. Troy and wife, J. D.
Cuthbert W. H. Laudan, MJss Ersilla Sartori.
Miss Kathrine Sartori, Miss Laura Sartori.
Modesto— Miss M. E. McLean. Robert A. Mc-
Lean Jr.. Arthur L. McLean. Tinsely J. Mc-
Lean. Cloverdate— C. A. Yordi, Miss Zoe Sev-
Icy. W. L.. McCray. Geyservllle— Arnold Bosch.
Windsor— W. Wegans and wife, Mr. and Mrs.
Remmann. •
SARATOGA SPRINGS-rLate arrivals at
Saratoga Springs include: Albert Harris and
wife. Miss M. Harris, Santa Clara; F. M. Nace,
Mrs. L. Levy. Miss Jeanne Levy. Mrs. S. N.
Rosenweld. Miss Julia Rosenweld, Miss Irma
Levy, Bernard Meyer, J. H. Smith. S8n Fran
cisco; F. Manta, wife and daughter, Oakland:
Miss Kathryn Mullln, Santa Clara: Mrs. B.
F. Farrel. Barmadtn Farrel. Mrs. A. < Gara
venta, Mrs. E. * Garaventa, Talmage; Mrs. A.
C. Smith. Mra. Raymon and family. San Fran
cisco; Mrs. H. E. Raymon, Orovllle;^ Mrs. D.
N. Friezleber, Tilton Tilman, Eugene Tilman, ,
San Francisco: Mr. and Mrs. Flbush, Oak
land; Mrs. Lipett. Hotfstcn. Tex. ; A. Jacobs,
S. Jacobs. Oakland; H. H. Grlemier, San
Francisco; Mrs. M. Nigh ton. Upper Lake; Mrs.
R. Grlemier, Harry Schmalz, David
Michael, Adolph Boas, Mrs. Joe Lale, Mrs; A.
Walters, Mr. Hatfleld. Mrs. Hoppesburg, Mrs.
G. Orel. San Francisco: J. "W. Owens. Dr
Ooodale and wife. J. Roller. C. Roller. G.
Weber. • Julius Roller. Uk'ah: Gus Sussman,
Miss M. Mahoney, Miss Jennie Finley. San
Francisco; Miss Josle Smith. Miss Edna Smith.
A. S. Kinsley, Oakland: Mr. and Mrs. Jan
een. Mr. and Mrs. Binjrley. Peter J. Finley.
August McDonald, Mr. Drew, wife and child,
Mrs. Revers. San Francisco.
GILROY HOT SPRINGS— Among the recent
arrivals at Gllroy Hot Springs are: From San
Francisco — Major E. P. Enright, J. M. Cook,
Miss H. Hewlet. Major J. B. Walters. T.
Murdock. MIps Olga Peterson. John Kunst,
Mrs. H. Read, Henry Britten, Mra. A. Soren
son, Jullen Vayssle, Miss I. Sorenson, Mrs. C.
Breon, August Junker, - Marion Maurer, Ralph
R. Strange. C. Romlg, Sam Bibo, James
.Burns, Miss F. Thomas, B. E. Landone. Mrs.
M. " Browne, Miss L. Watson, A. E. Moon, Miss
Nettie Carman. William Douderl, E. J.'Johns
ton. Mrs. J. Russell. T. O'Brien, P. E. Brew
ers. Miss A. Cooney. Misses Ruth and ¦ Edith
Carroll. Mrs. J. McCoy, Thomas Fredericks,
Rufus Anderson, E. . E. Lyons, . Mr. and Mrs.
J. Rowley. C. C. Cooper and wife, A. Andtews;
G. S. Mathews, Louis Fitch,'. Henry J. Hansen.
From San Jose— James Lamb, Miss I. Cobb,
Mrs. C. W. Cobb. Mies I. - Parks, C. Howe,
D. W. Brame: From Gllroy— L. A. Whlte<
hurst and wife, T. Rea, Mrs. E. W. Strange,
Miss. Nettle Whitehurst. Dr. J. Clark, Miss
Thelma Whitehurst, John Clark Jr.. Miss
Marie Clark. From Oakland*-George Barrett,
Robbie Steuer. James C. Jones, Mrs. L. K.
Richardson, H. T*. Long, Miss H. Harris, H. S.
Leman. Miss Williamson, G. E. Scott. From
Live Oak Rancho— David Naylor. James Nay
lor. From' Holllster— J. Menasco, P. Llron.
Henry Small. From Honolulu— L. P. Hayden.
From Banjta Barbara— Miss E. Downey. From
Alameda— Miss S. ' T. Moore, I.I. A. Campbell.
From Pacific Grove— A. Hasbrouch.
LAUREL DELL HOTEL—Reglstered at
Laurel Dell -Hotel are: From San Francisco—
A F Thomas, William C. Olsen. Woodley
Bates Smith. Loron E. Baruch. Miss Finley,
Miss Jennie Finley. Peter J. Finley. H. Sim
mons, J. Weber and wife. C. M. Alexander,
Mm. Pnul Rehflsch. Miss Adele . Reh
fisch. Ml*s Ret* Levls, Joseph E.
Levin. Rose C. Mahoney. May Mahoney.
George F. Chevalier. Fred E. Bartlett. Miss
May Laughlin. Miss Fannie Laughlln, Fred
Trowbrldge. Mannle McVerry, William M.
Brlsco and wife, R. P. Jansen, wife and son.
Madame Ladn. Dr. E. F. Schlott and wife,
Leon Levy and wife. J. P. Thorn. 1 Max Geta,
A. M. Macdonald. Mr and Mrs. G. W. Quig
ley. Anton Weber. Mr. and Mrs.' George Rivers,
L. W. Snow. Dr. Mayo A. Greenlan, Thomas L.
McKeever. Harry Schmal*. MIps E. Phillips.
Edna F. Lyman, Mr. A*pd«n. Mrs. Katx and
children. Philip Rasch. T. W. Hammon. W. E.
Dean Mid wife, T. F. Hemmenway. Nnpa City
— J. Kronberg. Oakland— M. C. Gaston, Mr.
And Mrs. G. Flbush, S. Jacobs; A. Jacobs.
ChlcaKO— Mr. and . Mrs. N. P. Nelson. Berke
ley—Richard Walton Tully. Mrs. Richard Wal
ton Tully. Santa' Rosa — Elmont Brooks and
wife.. Cnllstoga— J. Grimm, H. L. Dexter.
Vallejo— D. Barry and son. Miss May A. Har
vey. Santa Clara— Kathryn Mullln. Sulsln—
Charles E. Barnhart, Lewis Pierce. England—
Mrs. A. C. Smith. Houston, Tex.— Mrs. Th.
Llppett. i
BUMMER HOMB FARM— The following
guests registered during the P»»t week at
Summer Home Farm: From San Francisco—
S. Livingston, Mrs. S. Livingston, Master
Carl Livingston, Master B. Livingston, Miss
H. Blenfeld. Mrs. L. Taussig and maid, T. H.
hancon, Mrs. T. H. Hanson, Mrs. H. Plerson,
Mrs. L. Mnlse, Miss Fellvla Motse, . Master 8.
L. Molae, Miss J. MacDonough, H. Seller, Mrs.
K. Seller, Mies E. Seller, Sydney B. Vincent.
Miss Eda Mathews, John Timmlns, M. Aaron,
Miss Agnes Borh, Mrs. Borh, Miss Mamlo
Emery. 8. Baden, Mrs. S. Baden. Miss B.
Baden. Leo Baden. Miss K. Clark, Miss C.
Aurlch, Miss D. Frtedlander, L. S. Aurich, Ad
Frledlander, C. H. Lohmcyer. From Oakland—
I. Raphael, Mrs. I. Raphael. Major Charles
Poulter. Mrs. Charles Poulter. From Santa
Crus— G. H. Heard. Mrs. G. H. Heard, Mls»
Estrella Heard, John A.. McGuir«, Dr. J. A.
McGulre, Mrs. J. A. McGulre. John H. Me-
Gulro. From Vallejo— A. Hanson; Mrs. A.
Hanson.
RUBICON PARK— Among the recent guests
at Rubicon Park. Lake Tahoe. .are: Mrs. W.
H. Ueatty, MIm Alma M. Beatty, H. Zlller
bach. Miss ZUlcrhach, B, M. Wright, J. N,
Ijofstad, Mrs. J. N. LoNtad, A. 0. Pags and
wife, San Francisco: Mr. and Mrs. P. C.
Drescher., Miss Drcschar, H.ll. Dreticher, Paul
Drescher, C J. Jones, Mr. and. Mrs. L. F.
Dreuncr, Richard Rrtuner, Louis Dreunrr,
Clarence rtreuner, Llwie- Morrison, Mra. E. M.
Hocn nnd son, A. Bonnhe-lm. Mary Q. Thorp,
William H. Grnenburs;, A. Rehenkmeyer. Sac
ramento; Mrs. Captain McKechnle and daugh
ters, R. C. Cruet, J. N. MniM>n and wife, Onk
lani}: W. H.. Post, «Pr. J. J. Tully, Stockton;
li. A. Rcdmnn, Alameda; Mlns Bertha lloon,
Santa Uosn; Mrs. M. J. Frlck, Qertruds Hen
derson, William II. Allen and wife, Los An
gefon: John Whlcher And wife, Hnn T.ulu Obt*
no; MtM M. 8nyd*r, Honoinn; 11. F. Ptnder,
Connecticut; T. I.. Fleming- and family, Berke
ley; W. M. Linger, Marttnei.
THE GEYSERS-Reglstered at The Geysers
during the past week wer«: Mrs. F. Blooming.
dale, I. Poly, Jnhn Halloran, M: Harris, Louis
Bollinger, A. Ortega, Milton. May Fred K.
Bchott, D. 'J. McKay and wife, J. Edwin Mo-
Kay, Mr and Mrs. A. Beklow. Miss Elsa lirk
low, Robert . Beklow, Miss Dora Plagcmann,
Mrs W. R. Summerhayes, . W. R. Summerhayes,
Mr. and Mrs. C. M. Mann, Mr. and Mrs. II. C.
Cullom, Mrs. E. B. Grace, Mrs. George W.
Shorter, Oliver M. Preston, Miss Dorothy Mel
nlnger. Miss Esta Wolf, Miss M. A. Child,
Charles A. Love, Miss K. Isabella Wolf, Dr.
Robert D. . Cohn, Mrs. ' Godfrey Fisher, Miss
Maud Fisher, Alfred Fisher, M. A. 8tern, Miss
Stella Boas, Mr. and Mrs. J. Levy, J. W. Beal,
M. W.' Dawly, Bertha Burruss, Miss Maria
Dutton. Homer Black, Ed F. Armstrong, W.
H. Jenkins. Mr. and Mrs. W. J. Tlbuss, Isidor
Wordman, Ben Baruch, , Fred Friest, Miss
Georgia .V. Detwller. Mrs. H. Hoffman, J. H.
Brown and wife, Mrs. K. Plerson, Mr. and Mrs.
James G. Magulre. Willie J. Magulre, Haro'.d
Magulre. • Mrs. • - E. ' E. ;Roberson, 'F. M.
Roberson, Mrs. Athevton, Mrs. L. Cokenz,
Mrs. M. Stelnfels. Miss M. Larkln, . Miss J.
Larkln, LUla C. Jeffers, Mr. jmd J. C. Wugha
sonlds. Mrs. D. M. Frleshler, ¦ Mlss'R.- E.
Frleshler. Master Harold • Frleshler, Miss
Cadler. Mrs. F. Tillman, F. TUlman, , E. J.
Tlllman. ' Mrs. Harris. Mrs. D. G. France. Ban
FrancUco; Miss Mattie Hart, Miss Rose Ryan.
»iSiiii>MJ fcitn sal'* rrvt ill JMBPft^fcJujfAsit^.^t..;.' M _ .tl ¦-. • ' I ¦¦-,¦¦ c* ».- .*:» ~ ..^
thimble, appropriately inscribed., Mr.
Levy-was the recipient of. some choice
flowers. The folowlng'were present: . •¦
Mr. and Mrs. rT. H. Kortlck, .Mr. and
Mrs. Harry H. Lieb. Mr. and Mrs. Nathan
Levy, Mr. and Mrs. Henry Gleeson, Mrs.
Slattery. Mrs. Adams, Mrs. Mamie Mul
lens. Mrs. Mack. Mrs. Scully. H. S. Nel
son, Harry M. Lieb, Jennie Wieners. Mrs.
J. H. Libbey, Mrs. C. H. Peterson, David
Lieb, Miss Carrie Lieb. the Misses Lizzie.
I Laura, Tholma and Edith Gleeson. Ray
Gleeson, Miss Effle Kortick. Ernes.t_ and
Clifford Kortlck, JMwin and Elsie Levy,
Mr. Heitmann.
. An enjoyable whist party was given on
Wednesday evening. July 10. by. Miss
Ethel Paton at her home, 371 Geary street.
The first prizes were won by Mrs. K~
Schneider and Dr. H. M. Simmons. G.
Schneider and Mrs. G. Clark received the
consolation prizes.- Refreshments were
served at midnight. Those present were:
Miss Ethel Paton, Miss Eva Davidson.
Miss Rose Kinsey, Miss Hattie Goggin,
Miss Carrie Feldraann. Mrs. G. Clark,
Mrs. Steller. Mrs. Schneider. Dr. H. M.
Simmons. C. Schneider. R. Bowman. H.
Hassell. G. Wilson, L. Goldstein, F. Paton
and B. Kleinhaus.
On Saturday evening. July 13, the friends
of Miss Bessie Jolly tendered her a very
pleasant surprise party at her home, 3841
Twenty-fifth street, the occasion being
the young lady's birthday. The evening
was spent very pleasantly In conversation
and frames. Those present were: The
Misses Bessie Jolly. Emily Kimball, Mat
tie Pepper. Maggie McAleer, Ida Sher
wood, May Sherwood, Geneva Sherwood,
Mary Copeland. Georgie Bacon, Mary
Murphy. Mrs. Llllie Dygrert. Mrs. L. Ba
con, Mrs. Gambell; Messrs D. B. Dygert,
L. F. Giddings. E. H. Henderson, E. Sher
wood. W. I. Palfremln. Carl Lewis, F.
Holmes, Thomas Ellison, Harry Schwind.
A very enjoyable surprise party was
g^lven to Mr. and Mrs. J. McCarthy at
•their residence, 1509 Dolores street, Mon
day evening, July 22. The evening. was
spent in singing and dancing. Refresh
ments were served. Those present were:
Mr. and Mrs. J. McCarthy, Mr. and Mrs.
C. H. Bodle, Mr. and Mrs. W. J. Welch,
Mr. and Mrs. C. Kease, Mr. and Mrs. Hill,
Miss Magpie O'Connell. Miss Nora O'Con
nell. Morris O'Connell. Mr. Calahan. Miss
Calahan. Miss M. Hurley, J. Bark, Miss
Mamie Hurley, Mrs. L. Connell, Miss Lena
Connell. Mrs. J. Trueting, Miss E. True
ting, Miss Maggie McCarthy, T.-Harrin,
Mr. and Mrs. N. Hancock. W. Richardson,
M. Buckman, Mr. Benard.
Miss'Maude Taylor, who has been en-'
gaged successfully upon the stage in the
East, has returned to this city to visit
her mother. Mrs. E. A. Davis.
Mrs. G. C. Sweeney and Miss Nellie T.
Carr are registered at the Victoria,
Sonora.. They intend spending their vaca
tion at Strawberry Valley.
Mrs. F. C. Martin and daughter. Misses
Hulda Popper. Henrietta Higglns, Nieta
Wright, and Charles W. Higgins have re
turned after spending the summer at Yo
semite and Wawona.
Mr. and Mrs. T. L. Clancy of 137 Ninth
street,. with . their two - daughters, are
spending their vacation at Glen Ellen.
Mr. Clancy Is the popular secretary of pi
vlsion No. 2, A. O. H. \.
Doctor A. E. Brune has returned to his
home In this city after an absence of one
year, which was spent in Europe. During
his travels he visited "all of the great
cities of the old world. Vhere h« met the
leading men of the medical profession, in
cluding the great Dr. Koch of Berlin.
Misses Dora and Carrie Ehrlich are
spending their vacation at Santa Cruz.
Miss Anna Blum and Miss Norma' Cohn
have gone to El Verano, Sonoma County,
for a couple of weeks.
Miss Rose Samuels of Chicago, 111., is
visiting her uncle and aunt. Mr. and Mrs.
J. Samuels of 17 Fulton street.
Mrs. J. Siedkin and children and Mrs.
Schaumer and son arrived Monday, July
22. on the steamer Sierra from Honolulu.
They are stopping with their parents, Mr.
and Mrs. S. Rosenberg at 32S&. Tehama
street, where they will be pleased to see
their friends.
Mrs. J. L. Sale of Dawson City, accom
panied by.her son. Is visiting her parents
in this city. At home Fridays.
Mr. and Mrs. M. Jellnski and baby and
A. Phillips have returned after a two
weeks' sojourn in the Santa Cruz Moun
tains.- . • - •¦ ¦•>.'.- f-,»"
Mr. and Mrs. Percy W. Hele Ash, Miss
Gwendolen Hele Ash. Miss Josephine Hele
Ash, Mrs. W. J. Sharwood. Mrs. J. R.
Ambrose. Miss Phyllis Ambrose and J. R.
Ambrose, all of Berkeley, and Miss Ethel
Harrison and Miss Elsie Harrison of San
Francisco are at Kenwood, Sonoma
County.
Mrs. Arthur Franklin Bridge has re
turned from the East, where she went for
a. course of vocal training-
Miss Clark and Miss Elsie Clark are
euests of Mrs. A. P. Redding at Menlo.
They will spend next week at Burlingame.
lMajor E. P. Enrigrht and Colonel J. B.
Walters are at GUroy Hot Springs.
# . . - ¦
At the Resorts.
CAMP. CURRY—Recent arrivals at Camp
Curry. Vcsemite. Include: L. Shores. Theodore
It. Hlttell. Miss Catherine H. Hlttell. C. P.
Talant. San Francisco; Professor \V. R. l>ud
ley. Stanford University: A. A. Hallett, Ga
lena, 111.; W." B. Holllngshead.. Eugene, Or.;
G. A. Warfleia. Miss Kittle E. Dexter. Coulter
vllle; Mr. and'Mrs. C. "W. MIer. Sacramento;
Mrs. J Brown. MImi J. Brown. San Francisco;
Mr. sr.<J Mrs. J. A. Inglls. Will Inglis, Miss
Lois inElls. Stockton; Miss May Brown, Elm
hurM; Richard Newman. A. S. W>11. San
Francisco; Thomas H. Kearney. Washington,
1>. .C; Charles K. Tabor. Walter R. HuichPS,
Alameda; W. B. Forsyth, Bull Creek. Dr. A.
N. Copsey, W. L.. Dunn. F. M. Dunn. Oak
land; E. N. Rhodes, Dewey • P. Colllsnon.
Berkeley; Miss Jennie Rathenherry, Miss Dora
Straight, Chicago; D. B. Mackay, A. Alun
burr. Ban Francisco; Professor Jostah Keep.
Mills CoIIorp: Charles D. Snyder, Charles E.
Gilhert. Ban Francisco; Appleton Bnsh. John
MO-der. Mr. and Mrs. Wesley Williams, Miss
Mary Pitts. Miss Mary Thomas. Miss Eliza
McClur«. Miss Margaret Hamilton. Miss Ma
tilda Pctwrson. Miss Carrin I. Sns'der Miss
Molll* N\ Snyder. Mn>. B. Watkins. Miss Lucy
Watkln«. Mlra Klla Watklno, Ml«s Cora Wat
kins, Mrs. H. L. McChesney, Miss Anna S.
Halsey. MIps Jessie McConnoll, Miss Catherine
Hcxrjrer, MIm Surah Hoerper. Pittshurj? Pa.:
Charles Kidd. Oakland: William v MeWalter,
Dumbarton, Scotland; A. L. Anderson, San
Francisco; Georsre C. Ross, Lee T. Ro*s Bel
mont; Mr. and Mrs. Earl C. BronauRh, Port
land, Me.; Mr. and Mrs. A. C. Mllford. Mem
phis, Tenn.; Paul Probst. Marltr. Germany;
J. Pates. Philadelphia. Pa.; F. J. Pates. San
Francisco; Georire H. Knipht Jr., New York;'
Mr. and Mrs. Carpenter, San Diego; Miss
Sallle Reuter, Miss Anna Schllffer. Miss Mar
tha 1,-Sankry, Cincinnati, Ohio; Dr. and Mrs.
John H. Barnhart, Tarrytown. N. Y.; Martin
Ringer. Palo Alto; F. S. Brush. Alameda; A.
H. Sanborn. San Francisco; C. C. Stevens
S. S. Stevens. Berkeley; C. A. Patterson, Miss
Pauline Patterson, Miss Jennie M. Patterson,
Chlcapo; Mrs., Rissman, San Francisco; Mr.
and Mrs. C. A. Elston, Honolulu: Sidney
Klston. Berkeley: Miss Bertha Chapman, Oak
land; Miss Cora M. Rowell, A. C. Olney,
Fresno; M. F. Bender. "San Francisco; Dr.
Schmidt..Oakland; Professor L. T. Hengrstler,
San Francisco; Rev. Edward L. Parsons. San
Mateo; Dr. a P. Wall. Berkeley; Mrs. H. W.
Huehl. Ml?* M. Priscllla Alden. Miss Annis
A. Lan*. Miss Myer M. Schgoldager, Miss
Bertha S. SehgoldaRer, Chicago; Mr. and'Mrs.
J. 8. Walker. Joplln, Mo.; Mrs. Henry I*
HouKhton. Miss Mabel Mareton. .Portland. Me.*
T. L. Vandeventer. Stanford Untventlty: Itev.
and Mrs. John Wilson. Oberlln, Ohio; Rev.
Luther Freeman, Mrs. Ada F. 8tmonda. Port
land. Me.; Mr. and Mrs. James Munro,'Masterh
Klbert and Randolph Monro. W. Stnpolfeldt
B. nroemmel, Dr. and Mrs. C. Well, San Fran
cisco; M. B. Turrill, Oliver II. Johnston, Cin
cinnati, Ohio; U. F. Dunkin, Wichita. Kan.;
M. 8. Kaufman, Fall River. Mas*.; Miss S.
M. Pteven*. Miss L. N. Coy, noston.sNaM.;
William Penman, Ban Francisco; Miss Kdlth
P. Hunt, Mrs. E. W. Johnson, Portland. Me.
CAMP ¦ REVEIlin— Recent arrivals at Camp
Reverie Include: K. II..Palmer, O. W. Stnjcley
and wife, Jessto Rnden, Mr. and Mrs. K, X
Frits, Eupena Frits. Austin Lewis, 8. Rot
tantl. MIm M. Rettaml, Mary R. Kenrttck.
Loretto M. I^ihaney, M. W. Oalmox. M. A.
McDonald, M. Keatlnrs. M. C McKlnnle, W.
Foley. C H. Gray. Fred M. Wilson. Chnrlos
E. Wilson. • Mr. Schemp, Dr. vlloppe, Marie
R>*an, Louis X. Ryan. Mr. Hurlbut, John W
Rcpfrs. Ban Francisco; R. p. Walte, Mrs. M.
J. Keller, Mrs. R.' H. Hammond, Mr. and
Mrs. W. L. Culver, Miss Culver, Georire Keller,
Albert Keller, Adeline Keller, Ethel Keller,
M. J. Keller, R. II. Hammond, Judge A. L.
Frlck. Mrs. A. L, Frick. Mr. and' Mrs. Uron
ron. M1m> Bader, Mrs. M. E. Taylor. MIm L.
Taylcr, E. M. Dean, Mrs. E. ' M. Dean,
Milton Dean, Miss Cora Ballley, John
Planalp. A. M. Bpratt and wife, Mr. and
Mrs. H. G. Crafts, Mrs. W. H. Price. Mrs E
II. Forester. Mrs. C.'F. lleed. Miss Reed. Pro
fessor J. G. Lemmon. G.' W. Fraser, Mrs. a.
W. Fraser. Mrs. Mae Mauvals, Lulette Mau
vals, Oakland; Fred W.vKoch, G. G. Wick
son. Mrs. Wlckson, - Grace ' E. Wlckson, Mil
dred Wickson, Lucille Wlcks()n, Mrs. and Miss
Stokes. Mrs. F." N." Fletcher and child. Mrs.
Alice Chlttenden. T. G. Hoffman. H. g. Hoff
man. Mrs. Gilbert. Miss ¦¦ Gilbert,. H.. G. Col
kins. Mies Virginia Pierce... Freda , Lueders,
Berkeley; Mr. and Mrs. J. 4 R. Sloan, Misses
Minnie and Vlda McKesn.'Mrs. C. ;N. Sad
ler. Mies -May Sadler, Alameda 1; Mrs. S. s.
Randall. 'A. Hendrlckson, George ¦. Masseno,
Santa Rosa: H. U. Ogburn, Hilton; Mrs. J. H.
Kelly. Fresno; Ruby A. Ordway. Santa Cruz;-
Mrs. J. D. Hale, Refilands: F. B. Doyle, San
Mateo; A. O. Carpentw. Uklah: Mrs. J. T.
Grant and famity,v Woodland, Mrs. J. Adrian.
Boston. Mass.
The progranixa« for tbs uc»t w««k'ai Camp
For many years Robert Johnson of
Courtlonrt, Va., refused to be shaved or
hav« his hair cut, and hla npponrnnce wna
so objectionable to his wife thnt sh« asked
the ncljthbors lo do somclhlnK. So they
enpturod Johnnon the other ovenlnsr and
cut his hnlr and shaved hla benrd. He
objected until he saw his assailants meant
buBlneBs; When he went to the house no
body knew him, and It took his wlfo some
time to learn who he whs. But.nhe re
joiced when Aha raw what had been done.
—New York Tribune. ¦ . . v <
A Changed Man.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUN 190 t U 1
26
•CM wa muSsn a a tSiSS E! Bb^ TvSj
m9 * so EBur i BSu B urv lS3
BUSINESS COLLEGE,
24 Post Street, San Francisco.- Cal.
THE LEADING BUSINESS TRAINING
SCHOOL OF THE "WEST.
Prepares Toung Men and Women for Business
Careers.
18 AAD Graduates now successfully ap- 10 AAA
W plying their knowledge. W » WV
• S.SOO Stenographers have been trained a. 500
¦ at Keald'e. !T£2i.
l.OOO Nearly one thousand pupils en- l.OOO
rolled last year. -
.45O Average daily attendance " 430
300 Nearly three hundred gradu- 8OO
I ates last year. __ ¦
274 Positions filled during the year 274
23O Additional positions offered last 23O
- ¦ -year that could not be filled .,
for lack of graduates.
CO Typewriting Machines in ths 60
¦ -¦ Typing Department. • . '
53 Counties In California represent- O3
ed last year. .. '- "• ¦¦
40 He&ld's Business College is near- 40
ly forty years old. '
2S Teachers employed In the school 28
17 States and Territories sent stu- 17
, dents to the college last year. 1 ••'
7 Foreign Countries were repre- 7
sented in the student body
last cear. ¦ ¦
3 There are three Banks In • th« .8
Business Practice Department.
School is open the entire year, DAY and
: ¦• NIGHT. > -
WRITE FOR ILLUSTRATED CATALOGUE
¦ ¦ ' ¦? ,.-.' . (FREE). "
COGSWELL '
Polytechnic College
Corner Twenty-sixth and Folsom streets. |
SAN FRANCISCO.
' Courses of Study to fit young men for
positions as ' :. ¦ • '.
CARPENTERS. PATTERN MAKERS.
FQUNDflYMEN. MACHINISTS, DRAUGHTS-
MEN. SURVEYORS AND STEAM
ENGINEERS.
Open . to any graduate of the grammar
schools or equivalent course.
A ONE-YEAR BUSINESS COURSE,
WITH STENOGRAPHY AND TYPEWRITING
For young-men and women over 16 years of age.
MUSIC COURSES. PIANO AND VOICE.
DOMESTIC SCIENCE COURSES,
. . 'With Instruction in
SEWING, COOKERY. DRESSMAKING. *
., . MILLINERY. HOME NURSING.
. J INVALID COOKEET, ETC.
NORMAL COURSES,
To Prepare Students as
TEACHERS OF DOMESTIC SCIENCE AND
* MANUAL TRAINING.
, NO TUITION, except a fee of Five Dollars
per half year to cover cost of materials and
breakages.
.TERM OPENS JULY 29. 1301.
. Office now 'open for applications. Send for
Catalogue. ¦ -
BARTON CRUIKSHANK, M. 3.. President.
ST. GERTRUDE'S ACADEMY FOR
¦:¦¦¦¦ YOUNG LADIR8.
Conducted by the Sisters of Mercy, opens Aug.
6, 1001. Full Academic Course of studies. Spe-
cial Normal Class for preparing Teachers.
Grammar. and lower classes graded on State
Schools. ' .Modern, building;; . steam heated;
lighted by gas; large exercise grounds; loca-
tion unsurpassed for health.- Communication
by several lines of steamers. ¦ , • -
Address MOTHER SUPERIOR. Rio Vista. Cal.
MILLS COLLEGE AND SEMINARY.
CONFERS DEGREES AND GRANTS Di-
plomas; seminary course accredited to tho
Universities: rare opportunities offered In mu-
sic, art and elocution: thirty-sixth year: fall
term opens Aug. 7, 1901. Write for catalogus
to MRS. C. T. MILLS. Pres.. Mills College*
P. P.. Cal.
HAMLIN SCHOOL and VAN NESS SEMINARY
1849 JACKSON STRFET,
I San FrancUca, Cal. '
Boarding School • for Girls. Accredited '> by
universities of California and Leland Stanford
Jr.. also Vassar. Smith and Wellesley colleges.
Reopens August 12. 1901.
SARAH D. HAMLIN. Principal.
UNIVERSITY SCHOOL.
1615 Bush street fWest of Franklin)
Principal, GEORGE BATES. M. A.; Pri-
mary Dept.. MISS M. I\ MCDONNELL. Is in-
tended to furnish the best preparation for the
universities or for business to a limited num-
ber of pupils. Opens on MONDAT. Auk. 5.
For. circulars, etc., address 904 Van Ness ave.
PARTINGTON'S SCHOOL OP MAGAZINE
AND NEWSPAPER ILLUSTRATION.
DAT AND NIGHT CLASSES.
New Term Begtnn August 5.
42« PINE STREET. .
RAYMOND COACHING SCHOOL,
4615 Eddy St..' San Francisco, Cal.
Repairs deficiencies In all grades. Prepares
for Law and Medical Colleges and for tho
Universities. Sessions continuous.
COLLEGE NOTRE DAME,
SIXTEENTH AND DOLORES STS.
San Francisco. Cal. J
¦ WILL OPEN AUGUST 1.
Address SISTER SUPERIOR.
MISS WEST'S SCHOOL FOR GIRLS,
2014 VAN NESS AVENUE.
OPENS AUGUST 19. For catalogue and spe-
cial information, apply to
, TMARY B. WEST. Principal.
ST. MARY'S COLLEGE
OAKLAND, CAL.
Studies will be resumed MONDAT, August
5, 1901. BRO. ERMINOLD. President.
THE LYCEUM,
AN ACCREDITED PREPARATORY SCHOOL
for the university, law nnd medical colleges:
references, President Jordan or any Stanford
professor. Phelan Building.'
THE HITCHCOCK SCHOOL,
SAN RAFAEL, CAL.
Xmas Term Will Commence August <11
Major, Geo. C. Colltna.' Commnndant.
/ RKV..C. HITCHCOCK. Principal.
CALIFORNIA BUSINESS COLLEGE.
A A THOROUGH SCHOOL.
ProKresslTt, ' exceedingly thorough, flnaly
•quipped departments; positions tor graduatas,
SOS Larkln st 1 Illustrated catalofu*. .
,'-,,. ... R. L. DURHAM. Prtsldmt ,
IRVING INSTITUTE.
Boarding and d.ty school for girls, I1M Call*
fornla st. Accredited to the universities. To«
next session will begin Aug. 6. For Illustrated
catalogue address the principal. .
REV. EDWARD B. CHURCH. A. M.
. ST. MATTHEW'S MILITARY SCHOOL,
SAN MATEO. CAL. The next terra will begin
August 15, 1901. For catalogue and Illustrated
circular address Rev. . WILLIAM A. BREWER,
A. B.. Rector and Head Master.
MISS M. G. BARRETT'S
SHORTHAND ACADEMY,
. 802 ! Montgomery : st.', San ' Francisco, Cat. - ¦
Lessons personally or by mall < Acknowledged by
of fldal reporters, ."best teachers, best system."
College 6an Rafael for Young Ladles).
¦"¦ Conducted by the- (Sisters . of • St. Dominic
Opens ' August 1, 190L Full college coursa of
studlea ' Modern : building; steam heated. Un-
surpassed for beauty and < healthfulness. ; 'v Ad-
dress MOTHER SUPERIOR, College Saa Ra-
fael. San Rafael. CaL ¦¦¦.'-'. . •• •'¦¦-..•¦*--
r >|
X£»f 330 MAIWET iSr.Sf.SJSr
NEW ADVEBTISEMENT3.
DA2TDRTJFF OATJSED BY A GEBM
A New Discovery That Kills the Germ
and Prevents Baldness.
• Pretty nearly all , the hair • preparations
for dandruff have some merit in allaying
itching of the scalp and in being a fairly
good- dressing for the hair, 'but there is
only one that recognizes what causes dan-
druff, falling hair and baldness, and that
destroys 'the cause, a little vgerm— and
that- Is Newbro's Herplcide. This germ
eats its way Into the scalp,' down to the
hair root, • where At saps i that kv vitality;
causing dandruff as 1t digs up I the . scalp
Into little white scales." ,\Unlessit- is -de-
stroyed there's, no permanent stopping of
falling j, hair ¦ and ¦ ¦ cure • of •¦ • dandruff - and
baldness. .Newbro's' Herplcide kills;. the
germ. "Destroy the cause, you . remove
the : effect," '¦ '
GAMRREVERIE,
RUSSIAN RIVER REDWOODS.
NOW_OPEN.
Camp Revert* on the GuernevUle brmnch o«
th* California, Northwestern RaUway 1» practi-
cally a hotel under canvas. -ds^«i«>i««
Table board by the week. $« 50. Fn™Uhe4
tents-different slaes-everythln* new^?» r ies.
reasonable. Railroad fare from San Frf-n^fi 0 /
round trip. « 60. Tak* boat at Tlburon £•"£•
Call or address Camp Revert* Association.
Room H. Flood Building. San Francisco, for
partloulars and booklets; or write Camp Revert,
Association. P. O. Sonoma Co..
SANTA CATALINA ISLAND.
GRIDS' A R TTi l A^To^n^T|fw^T.
Third Annual Rod and Reel Fishing Tour-
nament, auspices the "Tuna Clnb.
Eighth Season of our Famous Marina Band.
Th* Society Resort/ *
The Sportsman's Paradise. ' _ __
HOTEL METROPOLE and COUNTRY CLCB
always open. Golf and TennU Tournaments.
IDEAL CAMP LIFE.
For full information, hotel "iVi^Jg^i 11 ?^?"
rangements for camping and Illustrated pam-
phlet, apply to , e. c. PE CK. Ac«t.
aiww (ftsi8^^
tH Sooth Spring St.. Los Angeles. CaL
GAPITOLA
»TfHE SEASIDE RESORT OS* CTJTTRATi
*¦ California, on Monterey B*y- Now open. .
Fre* booklet. R. M. BRIARE, manager hotel;
FRANK REANIER. snpt. camp. Capltola. CaL
POINT ARENA HOT SPRINGS.
Greatly improved. New cottages, larg* han.
Pianos, billiard, pool and other games : every-
thing new; $7 per week. Round trip by stmr.
Point Arena. J7. Inquire at Beadle Bros.*. 24
Mission, and N. P. R. R. Co.. 14 Sansomo st..
or DR. W. A. McCORNACK. Point Arena. Cal.
KLAMATH HOT SPRINGS.
Finest fishing, hunting and health resort on
the coast. Climate perfect. On Klamath River.
Rates. J3 and $2 50 per day: no to $14 per week.
Call Traveler Office. K> Montgom«ry st.. or
address EDSON BROS.. Beawlck. Slsklyou
County, CaL
WHITE SULPHUR SPRINGS.
J% hours' ride from S. F.; S miles from Va-
llejo. Sulnhur baths; cur* rheumatism, neural-
gia, eczema, kidney, liver, stomach diseases.
Hotel and Cottages renovated. Lake for boating
and bathing. Dancing Pavilion. M to $10 a week.
Special rates families. M. MADRID. Vallejo. Cal.
SOLID COMFORPHOMEI^^r 1^ *K
altitude. No fog; climate 'delightful. Lars*
orchard, vegetable garden. Hot. cold baths.
Spring -water. Rates, $7 week up. Stag* meets
train. BCHPLER & SCHSBES. Nap«. Cal.
LAUREL DELL LAKE.
Most attractive place la Lake County to
spend a vacation. Boating, bathlnr, bowling.
«ta. Accommodations now for J50 peopla.
Write for circular. EDGAR DURNA2T. Laurel
Dell. Lake Co.. Cal.
HO ! FOR THE GEYSERS.
Via C. C Fobs* Stag* Lint from Callstoca.
The scenic route. Livery la connection. C C
FOBS. Proprietor. Callstoga. Cal.
f AMP TAYIOR Cotta-SM. camping, flshin«:
LAillr IAILUA m miles from S. F.: In the
redwoods. Call Traveler office. JO Montgomery
street, or address H. G. MARTIN, Proprietor.
HOTEL BENVENUE.
On the shon of Clear Lake; home cooktasr:
$7 ner week and upward. F. and A. M.
SCALES. LakepcTt. Laka County. Cal.
WHITE SULPHUR SPRINGS.
Two milea from St. Helena, Board and room.
$7 a week: camping privileges, $1 SO per week.
Address W. W. McCORMICK. St. Helena.
LAKEPORT AND BARTLETT SPRINGS
STAGE LINE.— norland to Bartlett Springs,
via Lakeport. carrying passengers for Lake-
port and Bartlett Springs. Stages connect
with trains at norland. Leav* Honland at
12:30: arrive at Lakeport at S:SO; arrlv* at
Bartlett Springs at 7:30. New 6-hor»e U-p«s-
senger tourist wagons, made to order for this
stage line, with all the most modern improve-
ments. Passengers for Lakeport or Bartlett
Springs call for tickets by Bartlett Spring*
Stag* Line.
. - MILLER A HOWARD. Proprietors.
LAKE COUNTY— New 19-paas«iger Tosemite
Stage, all outside seats. Leaves Calistoga
daily (Sundays exceDted) at 11:30 a. m.. direct
to Uarbtn. Seigier. Adams. Howard. Ander-
son. Astorirs and Glenbrook; buy round-trip
tickets; half an hour for lunch at Callstoca:
also to Middletown. Lower Lake, Kelseyvtlle
and Lakeport. WM. SPIERS. Proprietor.
THE LAUREL. Lob Oatos— First-class family
boarding-nous*; home cooking: beautiful
surroundings: 5 minutes' walk to town. Terms.
$8 to »10 a week. Piano. References. MRS. J.
McKENZIE and MISS A. HAMILTON. Propa.
weeeT gall
o/ It Publishes the Cream of th»
New* or the Week and
o< MANY ATTRACTIVE AND
«J ORIGINAL FEATURES.
©\ IT IS TUB BBsTwBBKLY
01 * -t PAPER ON Tria
PACIFIC COAST
H TsVdBeatN. y'Mlnlng *
°S Tt,iegraphlc >y/^ i New© That
©< Service on s\ Accurat*
oc ThoCoaist / \&uptodatr;
©( ss««^. ' '
ec Not a Line of It Sensational
o< or Faky, and Not a Line of
J it Dry or Uoihterestlng.
©S BHytrt, Clean. A Champloa •*
] ThoazhtfaL Truth.
2 A CALITORNU NCWSPAFQ
J AaTHETlML
W IT4SVOCATCS 1 SENT BY
3 HOME MAIL, $1 -
.BnlapAed to 16 Paftee
HIGHLAND SPRINGS ZXU £«£¦«£
San Francisco. Hot and CoM Mineral w
Competent Masseurs. Bowlliur Alley. Tenn^
Courts. Swlmmlne Tanka, Croquet enm
boaid. Fine Roads and Tn-'ls. .^K'liu,
Driving Horses. Best IlunUn* m
County. Competent Guides. RATES
mals. THE FALL AND WINTER 1 « AJ i^.
WILL BE IN FORCE AUGUST ¦ W. , i*
STEAD OF SEPT. 1st. aa tomerly. RggJJJ
Small Hotel. *10 rer week." Booms In C «W^
113 cer week for one In room. J20 tor '« < £
room. Rooms In Main Hotel- *« »»»
$14 for one person, *M a«a rVilO
two in room. Call on °- ,™gf:
816 Montgomery st.:- Th« T»v«Ier
flee. £0 Montjromeryst.. or MRS.
WILLATS. room 64. Flood Wd«\. n R E r ?R.
clsco, or write direct to CRAItf & WA«w«.n.
Highland Springs. Cal. .
Delightful Sarroondings and WITTER
Excellent Accommodations at IT11 l*-«»
MEDICAL SPRINGS
• LAKE COUNTY", CAL.
Certain cure for Stomach', liver. Kidney,
Bladder. Skin and Blood Disease .'--,„.
Recommended by Leading Physicians. Thou-
Tickets California, «4»d Northwestern Rall-
. , road. - Sta*» from Uldah.
RODNET McCORMICK, General Manager.
&i^ E R d MEDiCAL SPRINGS COMPANT.
BYRON HOT SPRINGS,
Although nearly d'estroyed by
fire this week, will be ready for
guests July 31: Write for rooms
before starting. A. Bettons,
Mgr. Call on Lombard & Co.,
room 30, 36 Geary st.
YOSEMITE VALLEY,
BIO OAK FI^AT AND TOSEMITB STAGE
CO.— Running directly through the Tuolumne
Big Tree Grove. Lowest rates on the market.
Special rates for Epworth Leaders Staging
2% hours first afternoon and 9 hours next day
arriving -at Yosemite Valley 5
illustrated folder. WM. J. WWiTE, Gen.
Agent, 630 Market St., opposite Palace Hotel,
S. F.; tel. Black 8571^ .
«% iw m ' 0% 0* f\ HOT SPRINGS. SONOMA
OA/f 1/ 17 O San Francisco; but 9 miles
. . staging; wattrs noted for
medicinal virtues; best natural bath in State:
good trout streams: telephone, 'telegraph, dally
mall and express; flrst-class hotel and stago
SerVlcef moroing and afternoon round
trip from S. F. only $3 60. Take Tlburon ferry
at 7:30 a. m. or 3.30 p. m. Terms, $2 a day or
$12 a week. References— Any guesit of the past
Six years. Further Information at Traveler of-
fice. 20 Montgomery St., or of J. *\ MUi.-
GREff, Skaggs. Cal. •
I...NAPA... »apaC0Bnt|,
SODA SPRINGS Cal - |
nr»HE MOST BEAUTIFUL OF ALL HEALTH
Rates *1O to 115 per •week. Two trains dally,
foot of Market street. 7 a. m. anil 4 p. m.
For further information address
A. DOLLMANN. Proprietor.
M ARK WtST
' f -I mm springs
Healthiest and best climate, prettiest place
In all California; lots amusements; fine walks :
all mineral waters. Rates 110 and $12 per
week. Open May 15. Circulars at city office,
913 Larkln St., 3. F. DRURT A KROEGER.
WILBUR HOT SULPHUR SPRINGS.
Sulphur Creek. Colusa Co., Cal.. 28 miles by
stago west of Williams, faro J3. Hottest and
strongest water on the Coast: temperature 143
deg. Cures rheumatism, dropsy, salt rheum,
skin diseases, neuralgia, liver and kidney com-
plaints, paralysis, mercury In systsm, dyspep-
sia, catarrh. Natural mud baths. New 2-story
hotel: fine new bathhouse. Board iind lodging.
Including baths. UO * week. WM. OKLGEART.
proprietor.
OWN A HOME in ti b & a l u - CAMP MEEKER
Buy lots $10 up: cottages built by Meeker. $30
up: boating, bathing, tenting ground fr*e; saw-
mill, depot, store, postofflce at camp: board
and lodffln* tf: take Snuaallto ferry, S3 round
trip. Address M. C. MEEKER, or H. M.
GREGSON. Camp Meeker. Sonoma County.
§ RUBICON PARK,
X delightful summer resort on th» shore of
Lake Tahoe. Everything new. Best beach for
bathing on th« lake. Fishing and hunting.
Boats, fishing tackle and saddle horses at mod-
erate hire; $2 per day. or J10.W2.wid $14 per
week. Postofflce. telephone. A. L. KROST,
Rubicon Park. Lake Tahce, Cal.
GILROY HOT SPRINGS,
Trains leave 34 and Townsend 9 a. n.. and 2:45
p. m- dally. For pamphlets address R. ROB-
ERTSON". Prop. ,
BEN LOMOND*
Park House in the Santa Crus Mountains; I
minutes from station: fine scenery: fishing,
hunting, fine drives, free carriage meet* all
trains. MRS. I. X. HAYES.
IT IS NEVER TOO LATE TO ENJOY GOOD
HEALTH AND PLEASURE AT THIS COZY
SARATOGA SPRINGS.
B.* MARTENS. Prop.. Bachelor P. P., Lake Co.
INDEPENDENCE LAKE.
Fishing: boats: excellent' table; climate p«r-
feot; 16 miles from Truckee, In an unbroken
forest. Further Information Traveler office. 20
Montgomery, or MRS. 11. M. CLKMON3,
Truckee. Cal.
ViCHY 8PRIHC3,
The only place In the United Stntis where
Vichy Water Is abundant. The only natural
Klectrlo Waters; Champagne Baths; Springs
Numerous; Baths Unenualed. Three miles from
Uklah. J. A. RGDEUETER ft CO.. f
Proprietors.
For rest and health in THE SIERRAS
near Colfax on U. P. R. R. Elevation just right —
2 too ft.— 138 miles from San f r. No staging? good
table; Qnestsoenery, water, air, fruit and climate.
Ideal forest) and grounds. $8.00 a week. Send for
booklet ' Orchard Springs* Col fax, CaL
BELLEVUE HOTEL.
p. O. EL VERANO, Cal., Verano 8tatlon
(Kings Crossing),'* on California Northwestern
Railway. Hot mineral baths near by. Terms
tl per day and upward. PETER GOuCLHAR-
POU. Lessee. : ' '
"THP ¦ItPAVP" ~ L * k * Tahoe. Cal.. H mile
IOE.IIKUYIj east of Tallae. Board and
lodging per week. - $9. ¦ By the day, S3. Meals,
' 60c. - Good saddle horses and th* best of livery.
Boats free • to ¦". all guests. PARMETER A
COPLAND." Proprietors. ;
¦"¦ / M OUNTAIN HOM E. >
In Santa Crus Mountains. Health, pleasure,
.fishing,- hunting and swimming; good table;
guests at home; never fall to return; lend for
souvenir. VIC PONCELET, Llagas. * *
JV- TOLL HOUSE. ~~~~
_O LEASANT ACCOMMODATIONS TOR A
rn» gut its; mountain scenery j, puro air. {I
per wiek. H. B. lawley. CalUtoca, C*L
ADVEHTISEirEirrs.
Dr. & Mrs. TRAVERSE;
DERMATOLOGISTS.
Permanently remove superfluous hair and other
laclal blemishes with the electric needle witn-
cut pain or scar. Wrinkles removed with the
electric roller. Skin diseases cured. Free de-
monstration of ability to make hair rrow on
bald heads Hours 1 to 4 p. m. Evenings by
eppaintment. Donohoe bldg., 1170 Market st.
cor. Taylor, rooms 28-29. a F. Brahman Toilet
Cream. 60c; Brahman Tooth Powder, 25c All
druggists. Large stock- always at J. 8. Fotu
Drug Co.
T &?' perfect
v >^/ Complexion
Possible, and such things as tan,
tunburn, sallovvncss, oily or muddy
(kin, pimples and blackheads are out
of the question if you use
CREME DE US,
Sold by druggists and general
dealers; or 'sent prepai'd on receipt of
price — soc Sample bottle ioc
£ B. HARRINGTON & CO., Mfn
Los Angeles, Cal.
; Jr Face Powder
¦ is the jrarest made; it remores freckles
nnd blemishes and keeps the skin soft .
; as a rose. All ladies use it. Sample
' • nd booklet free.
J. A. Pozzoni Co.. St Louis. Mo.
5KWEe^2s3B^2^S«C"''^^^^^»»S^k^ i^'™^^^^^^B^^W^^^3HH
. ¦WASHINGTON, July 27.— The President
has , granted - a ; pardon to John F:y John
son, former president of the State Na
tional Bank of Logansport, Ind.; who was
convicted . of misappropriating . . funds of
the bank and other violations of the na
tional .banking act. - ! He was; sentenced : to
ten years ' in . the ¦ penitentiary, and already
has served five years, i <-.-.. - v ;•
Pardons Former Bank '¦¦ President.
On the night of. the 10th inst. the. re
tiring officers of California 1 Council of the
Daughters of Liberty * were tendered a
banquet by the council in appreciation of
faithful work during the term just closed.'
During: the evening Miss Nettie McCul
lough, on behalf of the council, presented
to Miss Emily Lewis, who had served two
successive terms as councilor, a valuable
emblematic jewel as a token of fraternal
affection and gratitude- for the services
she rendered the association. " The paat
term of the council was a most successful
one, numerically and financially. -
Reports from all parts<of the Jurisdic
tion '- go to show that the order is doing
well.' N • : .
Daughters, of Liberty.
The smoker that was given by Pickwick
Lodge of , the Sons of St. Georgq,on . the
15th of July in Red Men's Hall was fairly
well attended. After the routine business
W..R. Whyte, the president, became mas
ter of ceremonies and there was given a
very entertaining programme, consisting
of recitations, readings, vocal selections,
instrumental music and story telling.
These were contributed by Messrs. Ger
rans, McKenzle, Mossmeyer, Klien; Prior,
Carles. Nowlan, R. J. Fenn and Dr. Sykes.
During the evening the lodge was hon
ored with -the presence of the grand and
vice grand president of. the order, Pacific
Coast "jurisdiction. Burnaby Lodge also
mustered a large number of its members.
The programme, which included many
laughable numbers, was one of the best
ever presented by Pickwick Lodge. A
feature was Mr. Klein's performance on
two instruments, which .so delighted the
audience that he was encored three times.
Sons of St. George.
DECXINES TO ACCEPT
THE THEORy OF KOCH
Former Veterinarian Gresswell - of
Colorado Speaks of Bovine and
Human • Tuberculosis. -
DENVER, July 27.— Dr. Charles Gress-
well, formerly. State Veterinarian of Col
orado and at present chairman", of - the
National j Livestock Association, does . not
readily accept as correct the statement
ol Dr. Koch that bovine and human tuber
culosis are not intercommunlcable. •
In a letter addressed to President John
W. Springer- of the National Livestock
Association to-day,; and made public by
the latter, Dr. Gresswell calls attention to
the fact • that cattlemen, if Dr. Koch's
statement is accepted as correct, will de
mand the suspens'on of. the tuberculin test
now in use to preven: the sale of cattle
afflicted with tuberculosis. ¦ 'He asserts
that .this would cause a rapid • reversion
of ~ the old-time prevalence of the tuber
culin diseases, which, he says, there is no
question these : repressive measures have
diminished. He that the- evi
dence for and against should be very
carefully weighed and final judgment sus
pended until a corroboration of Dr. Koch's
results have , been obtained by other ob
servers. ' . ' : "..-¦'.
First Death in New Town.
EL RENO, O. T., July 27.— A special to
the | American gives an account -.of :, the
first death 1 at the new town of ( Lawton,
Comanche County, O. T., which occurred
to-day., E. W. Dwyer, ,an attorney,; of
Terrell, Tex.,' who was prospecting in the
vicinity. of the townsite, was found dead
near the land office. Heart, failure; was
the cause. « ; - , ¦ . ' ¦;
Property of Mrs. R. Roche: Lombre, R. R.
Plum, $3800. Rochester, R. R. Rice, $2600.
Humboldt, J. A.' Bennett, $1100.
Property of the Beard estate: Prince of Mel
bourne, ch. o.,* 4, by Bramble-Maid of Malgo
wan, G. Walbaum, $20,600. Charagrace, b. g.,
6, by Imp. Charaux- Young Grace, E. Lewis
15500. Marylander, E. Lewis, $1500. Sir Hubert
J. H. McCormack, $1600. Beggar Lady, E.
Lewis. $1800. The Driver, E. Lewis, $3000. Cap
tain January, C. P. Fisher, $1100.
Property of Rogers & Rose: Handwork, J.
C. McCormack, $3500.
NEW TORK, July 27.— Prince of Mel
bourne, who had a practical walkover
for the Brighton cup at Brighton Beach
to-day, was sold at auction in the selling
paddock previous . to to-day's races for
$20,500. -^G. Walbaum got him at that price
after a spirited bidding contest with R.
T. Wilson Jr. He was sold with, the other
horses of the estate of • F. D. and J. . R.
Beard. The majority of the horses were
bought in, but J. H. McCormack got Sir
Hubert for $1600 and won him out in the
Leopardstown steeplechase an hour later,
the purse alone being, equal to the pur
chase price, while he was at the lucrative
price of 9 to 2 in the betting. Thesale,"
which included a number of horses of
various owners, including Handwork and
Rochester, was fairly satisfactory. The
detail follows:
at Brighton Beach.
Property of the Beards Disposed Of
EEOK.SE SAXE BEFORE RACES.
Companions of the Forest
The officers of Loyal Circle. Compan
ions of the Forest, were installed in pub
lic July Si There were many pres
ent to witness the ceremony and at the
close of the ceremony Miss M. E. Bailey,
retiring 1 chief companion, ¦was by John
Falconer. P. S.. presented on behalf of
the circle a handsome badge and Mrs. A.
Cor way was presented a medal for hav
ing brought in the greatest number pf
members. Then there was an hour of "at
home" entertainment and refreshments.
The officers of Sherwood Circle were in-
Etai'ed on July 11. after which there was
a social hour for members and visitors.
Grand Chief Companion Mrs. L. G.
Miller, Assisted by Mrs. A. Fernandez,
marshal, installed the officers of Wash
ington Circle. The event was an unus
ually pleasant one. W. J. Trengove was
presented a diamond pin in appreciation
of valuable aid rendered the circle.
-Las=t week a number of the members of
Washington Circle, of which John Fal
coner. P. S. of the A. of E. t is financial
secretary, went to his home in Alameda
during his absence and arranged a sur
prise party in celebration of the twentieth
anniversary of his wedding. He was pre
sented a magnificent chair, with the best
wishes of the circle.
The following named have been installed
as the officers of Franklin Circle: Mrs.
Blackmore, C. C; Mrs. Giles, S. C. C;
Mis? Archer. F. S.; Mrs. Scott, R.'S.; Miss
Wooll. T.; Mrs. Smith. R. G.; Mrs. Clem
ens, L. G. ; Mrs. Hewelcke, I. and O. G.
Ancient Order of Foresters.
Court Star of the Mission at its meet
ing July 13 had its officers installed in
public in the presence of a large number
of people. Under the direction of J.
Gaustadt, H. B. B. Chapman, J. W. Rob
erts, M. Boepple and Frank. J. Maguire
the committee of arrangements, there
was a social, hour and dance which proved
very Interesting and entertaining. Will J.
Thorpe, the retiring chiof ranger, was the
recipient of a beautiful testimonial ex
pressive of the brotherly love of the mem
bers and their appreciation of his ser
vices while he was the head officer of
the court.
The high court officers recently paid a
visit to Court Columbus in San Jose,
Court Hartford in Vahejo, and Court
Ben«cia. At the first named they wit
nessed an initiation and heard the read
ing of five applications, at the second the
officers were installed and at the last
named five strangers were initiated.
Court Advocate during the last quarter
increased Its membership by sixteen.
¦ A. U. Fields Is credited with having
placed forty-four applications in Court
Hamilton of San' Jose in a short space of
time.
Prosperity Is the name of a new court
that was instituted in this city last week
by High Chief Ranger Boehm.
The following named have been installed
as the officers of Court Occidental. An
cient Order of Foresters: Dr. F. G. Baird
C. »R.; Arthur E. White, S. C. R.; J. H.
Howard, T.; J. Henderson, F. S.; William
Wallace, R. S.; W. J. Bios. S. W.: J O
Brown, J. W.; W. J. Yarrow. S. B.; Jo
seph Baker, J. B.; Dr. Otto Laist, P.: F.
S. Norman, O. :
Foresters of America.
On the 20th of June last the semi-an
nual reports of the various courts of the
Foresters of America showed that the
membership of the order in California
was 16.2 J9.
Court Sutro Heights will hold a meet
ing on the 12th of August, on which occa
sion there will be presented to Past Chief
Ranger Clancy a handsome emblematic
badge and the certificate of past chief
ranger. A social evening will follow the
presentation.
Club Justice, composed of the member
ship of Court Justice, will give an outing
to and picnic at Fernbrook to-day.
Court Inter Nos had a very ¦ pleasant
party, with musical programme and lit
erary numbers, followed by dancing, In
Alcazar Hall last Wednesday night.
Knights of Pythias.
The dates for the official visitations by
the grand chancellor to Othello Lodge at
Dixon and Franklin Lodge at, Vacaville
have been changed.* The former to Mon
day, August 5, and the latter to Satur
day, August 3.
A new lodge called Dirigo has been in
stituted at Oakland by J. R. Sloane. D.
G. C, with a good membership.
Past Grand Chancellor Samuels has re
turned from a tour of visitations to lodges
in Oregon, Washington, Idaho, Montana
and Utah, and reports that the lodges in
those domains are all enthusiastic in re
gard to the Supreme Lodge session of 1902,
which is to be held in San Francisco.
A new lodge will be instituted in Garb
erville, Humboldt County, on the 5th of
August.
iWithin the next sixty days a new' com
pany of the Uniform Rank will be insti
tuted in this city, one at Bakersfleld, one
at Vallejo and one at Santa Maria.
Myrtle Lodge has arranged for its an
nual banquet to be given In one of the
swell restaurants on the 30th inst.
Toung Men's Institute.
The councils of the Toung Men's Insti
tute have already contributed $250 to the
Stephen M. White memorial fund, which
now amounts to $19,000, and It is probable
that more will be forwarded.
The educational bureau, composed of the
Rev. E. P. Dempscy. F. J. Kierce, L. E.
Mahan. E. R. Myrick and George A. Stan
ley, held a meeting last week and dis
cussed a number of propositions for the
education of the councils. At the meeting
of the grand directors held last evening
the draft of the report of the grand presi
dent was submitted prior to its presenta
tion before the tSrand Council next month.
The Choppers', Friendship Club of • the
Woodmen of the World at Its meeting
last Friday night admitted twenty, mem
bers by initiations and received. a num
ber of applications. The following named
were Installed by Past President Calvin
as officers for the current term: William
M. Hiordan, P.; F. J. Kelly. V. P.; John
Boyle. T.;F. K. Teeter, R. S.; Frank
Allen. F/S.j J. IT. Donahue. C.;. Charles
Brackrogv S.; J. F. Casey. W.; F. H.
?vear£ruard, Tr'L, and F. X. Meyer, O.^
Choppers' Friendship Club.
The Junior Order.
The members of Aoraham Lincoln
Council of the. Junior Order of United
American Mechanics have awakened to a
realization of the fact that there Is neces
sity for active work, and they propose
to "get out and hustle." This council has
always been the banner council of the
"West, having the largest membership of
any west of the city of Chicago. Custer
Council of Oakland Is advancing to Lin
coln's numbers, having now 200 -members,
one-fourth or whom were initiated In the
last six months.
Independent Red Men.
The annual* session of the Grand L»o,dge
of the Independent Order of Red Men;
the German order, will commence next
Tuesday In ' Red Men's . Hall, 510 Bush
street. During the session a great deal of
important legislation will be offered and
there will be the election of grand officers
for the ensuing term and the selection of
delegates to the National Grand Lodge",
which will meet in Cincinnati, Ohio. Sep
tember 17/ The order In this State now
has fourteen subordinate lodges, with an
aggregate membership of 1200 and a cap
ital of IC3.730. , During, the year closing
there has been paid for sick benefits $7060,
funeral * benefits 52900 and. for relief to
widows arui_orphans $2950. .....-¦
Young Ladies' Institute.
The public installation of the officers of
Young Ladies' 'Institute No. ; 20 -In • St. Te
resa's Hall /wai conaucted In the presence
of a' large ; nun:ter of,: the friends of the
members by. Miss Mae. Stein, D. D.G.P.'
After the officers had been obligated . and
installed there was a musical and literary
programme, dancing .and '-refreshments
and the presentation of a beautiful gold
pin to Miss Devive, the retiring president,
as r a ; token of, esteem-: and-' appreciation
from the members. - -
The increase In farm wealth for the ds
cade amounted to 162 per cent. Of the
total number, there are seventy-one farms
of core than 1000 acres and 814 of less
than 300 acres. About half of the latter
class belong to Indians. Of the total in
vestment in farms over half, or $15,458,717,
was in livestock. The number iof cattle
is placed at 607,454 and of sheep at 668,450.
The report shows that of the total area
of the Territory a little more than one
third of 1 per cent is Improved. During
the last decade 543 miles of irrigation
ditches were constructed at a cost of $1,
508,469. The prediction is made that ulti
mately a much largos area will be brought
under cultivation by ditches than now.
The principal crop is alfalfa, of which 62,
5So acres were grown in 1899.
¦WASHINGTON, July 27.— According to
a bulletin issued by the Census Bureau
to-day there are 5809 farms in Arizona,
with a total acreage of 1,935,327 acres, of
which 254,521 are Improved. Of these
farms, 1769 are owned by 1 Indians. In 1890
there were only 104,128 acres of* improved
lands in the Territory. In 1890 the aver
age size of farms was 910 acres, and in
1900 468 acres. The total value of the
farm land, with Improvements, imple
ments and livestock, is placed at $29,960,
875. "¦ K'2'-'
Farmers Are Rapidly In
creasing" Productive *
Acreage.
ARIZONA LAND
MORE FRUITFUL
LOtriSVTLLE. Ky., July 27.— A flst fight
that threatened to lead to a tragedy tilled
Jefferson street, near Fourth, the business
part of the city, with an excited crowd
this afternoon. . ~ v
P. Booker .Reed, president of the Board
of Aldermen, who was last week defeated
in a Republican primary for the nomina
tion of Mayor of Louisville and who has
since made many charges concerning the
¦way the primary was conducted, and John
Boro. who was prominent in the Republi
can faction that defeated Reed, were the
principals In the fight, though others
joined in on both sides until the contest
was stopped.
The affray occurred in front of Repub
lican headquarters. After the men had
separated Reed went East on Jefferson
etreetf, followed by a large crowd. Present
ly he returned with a pistol in his band,
and as he was apparently making straight
for the Republican headquarters, into
which Boro had gone, the crowd in the
street looked for trouble at once. Reed,
however, turned into a saloon a few doors
from the Republican headquarters, and
after a while Boro left the headquarters
end the situation was relieved. Reed re
mained in the saloon ana the men did not
meet again.
ville Street.
Weaponless Kentuck
ians Fight on Louis-
FISTS SERVE
IN THE BATTlE
• Many a man'yrho' knows his own 'mind
has. a somewhat limited acquaintance.
The celebration at Bayreuth of the quar
ter-centennial anniversary of the erection
of the Wagnerian Theater awakens much
interest. The production last evening of
the "Walkyrie" aroused phenomenal en
thusiasm, especially for Herr Krauss in
his interpretation of the part of Slgmund.
Such applause had never before been
heard in Bayreuth. Herr Niemann rushed
on the stage and kissed Krauss. The or
chestra was conducted by Herr. Richter,
and Mme. Patti was present at the per
formance.
I am emphatically against Dr. Koch's deduc
tions. He ignores everything we owe to the
investigations and experiments; of v the Copen
hagen school. The commission' of the ' Danish
Government conducted the must thorough ex
periments, the results of which are most flatly
contradicted by Dr. Koch. • You cannot say
"Rome has spoken" because" Dr. iCoch is not
Rome and ¦ the matter • is far from being set
tled.,.; . . . . ; . -. ....¦„¦, .'-;":V ..?,';¦?
The German newspapers .'have printed
lengthy reports of the address of Dr. Rob
ert Koch before the British -congress on
tuberculosis, held in London this week,
but few opinions on Dr. 'Koch's address
have .been expressed. -Professor Virchow,
the well-known scientist, after having dis
sented at a meeting of the medical society
from Dr. Koch's expressions in London,
has expressed still stronger dissent from
these views in an interview, in which he
said: • .. ¦ ." •• • .
The grain duties are insufficient. The duty
on tobacco must be increased • and potatoes
must .be protected. - Every exertion must • be
made to transform this wholly inadequate
tariff into an effective protection for domestic
interests and the Government* must ; yield to
the full agricultural demands when the farmers
declare "Kliwand Klarr" • in the Reichstag
what duties the agriculturists need to exist.
The Liberal papers say the bill can only
make Socialist votes, and in this connec
tion 'these papers point out the most re
cent evidence of the growth of Socialism
in the results of two bye-elections held in
the Memel district,^ in which the Conser
vatives lost about 2000 votes as against
their majority of 1S98, while the Socialists
gained about. the same number. In the
Duesberg-Ruhrort district in the elections
held July 25 the Socialists polled 14,000
votes, this being a gain of 100 per cent in.
the last three years. The Deutsch Tages
Zeitung opens war upon the tariff bill and
declares: . ¦ ¦ ¦
Bven moderate papers like the National
Zeitung confess that their worst fears
about concessions to the agrarians - are
not only confirmed, but exceeded. The
National Zeitung points out that the
agrarians gain great advantages besides
those resulting from high duties through
the abolition of the present bonded ware
house privileges on grain and the abolition
of the bill requiring cash payment of du
ties or 4 per. cent interest thereon: Some
of the German papers interpret the North
German Gazette's (inspired statement to
the effect that the . bill , is only tentative
and that .the Reichstag and Bundesrath
may change it as meaning that the Gov
ernment wishes mod era ion in agricultural
duties. All signs indicate that a heated
agitation against the bill will break out
throughout ths country. /.
With regard to paragraph eight of the
bill, the best argument for convincing for
eign countries of the value of commercial
treaties with Germany, the Liberal papers
emphasize the fact that this tariff bill
comes at a time when German Industries
are already in the throes of a severe cri
sis, and that it can only cause new con
vulsion in the industrial life. These pa
pers express the fear that the United
States will adopt reprisals upon German
shipping, and they also point "out that
Germany's allies, Austria and Italy, must
lose a large part of their German trade.
It gives us the means to protect "ourselves
against the high-handed manner In which the
United- States interprets: reciprocity. We are
decidedly discriminated against ' under present
conditions. We were weaponless against such
leonine treatment - in . tariff matters because
Caprtvl (the late former German Imperial
Chancellor) literally threw away -the 'most , : fa
vored nation treatment. . This new- tariff
shows a .determination , to insure ourselves a
place In the sun in tariff matters and we ex
pect German • manufacturers to agree thereto,
since many have suffered from the supercili
ousness of Americana in tariff treatment. ,.'
The Post praises the wise moderation of
the bill, which, ; it says, renders it ac
ceptable abroad and at home. The -Post
interprets the eighth -paragraph as direct
ed against the United States, and says;
July 27.'— All the "morning pa
pers devote much space to the tariff bill.
The majority of . the : Conservative papers
give the provisions of the bill, with little
discussion thereof, the, tone • of , which,
however, is that the duties have been only
moderately -increased, and not so much
so "as the agriculturists desired, but ! that
Count von Bulow, the Imperial Chancel
lor, did his - best. The Deutsch Tages
Zeituns considers the increase in' duties
set forth in the bill to . be moderate and
that foreign countries will breathe, more
freely since its publication.
ORVILLE D. CHASE, Detroit, superin
tendent of . the* Chase Construction Com
pany. • : '.'•¦'. . # -.-.
¦ W. B. GRAVELL, Chicago, engineer,
aged 32.
The Injured are: Leslie Llebenthaler,
Dayton, water boy; E. C. Miller,, fireman,
internally; Robert Sloan, Stlllwater Junc
tion,, machinist; H. Douglass, Chicago, In
ternally. -- .'."' -•- ¦"¦¦•¦ ¦¦ - . ¦.¦ :• '.•'-. ;
MARSHALL, N. C, July. 27.— The west
bound-passenger train ' on the - Southern
Railway from Salisbury, N. C, to Chatta*
nocga,' jumped the track here to-day: En
gineer Robert L. .Watson of this city, was
killed 'and Fireman William Austin, col
ored, was fatally Injured. Two passengers
were al so injured, but it is believed not
seriously. . - - . ;..*¦•¦ ;V
DAYTON, Ohio, July 27.— A gravel train
used by the Chase Construction Company,
which i is . superintending the j construction
of the traction line between this city and
Troy, for the Dayton and Northern Trac
tion Company, was wracked to-day eight
miles north of this city. The disaster, re
sulted in two deaths and serious injury to
four persons, . The/engine and five loaded
cars jumped the track, while going down
a . steeD grade. Fourteen persons were
aboard. The dead are:' -•- " ¦¦.:,-¦¦
Construction ; Company Su
perintendent Loses Life
. , v '_^ in Ohiot
Railroad Disasters pause
Deaths' in Two
TRAINS LEAP
FROM THE RAILS
1 of one month remains before the opening
of the twenty-eighth Triennial Conclave of
the Knights Templar of the United States,
to be held in this city August 27 to 30, in
clusive. Over 1000 cities and towns. in the
Union have one or more subordinate "com
manderies, with' a total membership of
125,000 Knights, and all will be represented
either through individual delegations or
through the grand bodies of the respec
tive States. ' i \f
According to contracts made for quar
ters to date, Templar visitors will be
present from the following States: Ala
bama, Arkansas, . California'," Colorado,
Connecticut, District of Columbia, Flor
ida, Georgia, Illinois, Indiana, Iowa, In
dian Territory, Kansas, Kentucky. Louis
iana, Maine, Maryland, Massachusetts,
Rhode Island, Michigan, Minnesota, Mis
sissippi, Missouri, Montana, Nebraska,
New Hampshire, New Jersey, New York,
North Carolina, Ohio, Pennsylvania,
South ' Dakota, Tennessee, Texas, Ver
mont, Virginia, West Virginia, Wisconsin,
Idaho, South Carolina.
Louisville has made ample preparations
for the reception - of the- great white
plumed army and the tens of thousands
of other visitors that will . be brought
with it. A citizens' committee has raised
a fund of $100,000 for the entertainment of
the city's guests. Particular attention is
to be paid to the subject of the decoration
and illumination of the city, the sum of
$50,000 being expended in this- manner
alone. A quadruple electric arch is to be
the most noteworthy feature. This,struct
ure is now in course of erection at the in
tersection of Fourth avenue and Broad
way. . ¦. . .
The week of the conclave will be one of
rare attractions. The State's reputation
for hospitality is to be maintained at the
Louisville Custom-house, where the
Grand Commandery of Kentucky will
have headquarters. Attractions are con
tinually being added to the, week'3 pro
gramme so that it is impossible to an
nounce the complete schedule at this date.
Divine services will be conducted on Sun
day afternoon, August 25, at Broadway M.
E." Church South by the Rev. J. C. W.
Coxe, D.D., of Washington, Iowa, grand
prelate of the Grand Encampment. An es
cort committee of 700 Kentucky Knights
will be on duty from Saturday until Tues
day morning. All incoming delegations
will be met at the railway stations and
escorted by uniformed Templars with
bands of music to their stopping place.
On Monday evening the Kentucky Grand
Commandery headquarters will be opened.
Tuesday morning the conclave proper will
be inaugurated with thegrand parade. In
dications point to' the appearance of 30,000
uniformed Knishts Templar and 125 bands
of music in the procession. The route of
the parade covers the handsomest and
broadest thoroughfares in the city. On
Tuesday evening a monster lawn fete will
be given at the Masonic Widows' and
Orphans' Home, a fireworks exhibition ac
companying this feature. . The same even
ing a chorus r.f 200 negro voices, under
the direction of Colonel Will S. Hays,
will give an entertainment at the Horse
Show building.
The second day of the conclave will be
devoted to the competitive drills. Five
magnificent sterling silver trophies, val
ued at $5000, are to be awarded as prizes.
Not since the triennial of 1S83, at San
Francisco, have the Knights Templar held
a similar contest. There will be - two
divisions in the drills— one -for "..infantry
corps and one for mounted troops. " Nine
of the crack drill teams of the country
are entered, as follows: Infantry Divi
sion—Columbia No. 2, Washington, D. C. ;
Allegheny, Pa., No.;35. Cavalry— No. 3,
Parkersburg, W. Va,; Hanselmann, No.
1G, Cincinnati: St. Bernard, No. 35. Chi
cago; Colorado No. 1, Denver;- Golden
Gate No. 16, San Francisco. Mounted
Division— Mount Vernon No. 1, Columbus,
Ohio, and California No. 1, San Fran
cisco. In ' connection with ' the drills
twenty-seven Kentucky belles will appear
as sponsors for the Sir Knights entered
in the contests.
The conclave ball will take place Thurs
day evening at Confederate Hall, a great
building that will accommodate 15.000
dancers at one time. This function bids
fair to surpass in brilliancy any social
event ever given in the South.
Preparations for 'tlie
Great Conclave at
Louisville.
Thirty 'Thousand Uniformed
C. ..Men Will Appear in : >
Parade.
LOUISVILLE, Ky. t July 27.-A period
LORDLY KNIGHTS
WILL BE RULERS
Liberals Convinced That the
; ;: .' Socialists Are Bene-
Berlin Papers -Comment
on the New Tariff
Schedule.
GERMANS FEAR
OUR MERCHANTS
THE SAK FRAN CISCO CALIi. SUN DAYy 28, 1901;
27
GHUTE^D ZOO
. EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING!.
BEHT WIGGIIT "AND MAYBELLE
BOWMAN, • WBEN AN1> . : LIN^
¦<;'¦:'¦ den, kalacbattjs^ p. j: • i>"crr-
FY , I CfOLEMAN ¦ AND ' MEXIS/ ('P.*
:¦, B-ICHABDS/ NEW MOVING PIC-
TURES.
:%¦" THE MAID OF THE AIR. '.
Amatenr Night^Every Thnrsdaj.
¦ , ' • Telephone' for Seats— Park 23.'j:..V
SUTRO BATHS.
OPEN:NIGHTS
OPENiDAILY FROM*7 A." M. TO 11 P.. M.
•. -Bathing from 7 a. m. to:10:30p.° m.
t> ADMISSION 10c^ — — : r-CHILDRENJ Be'J
Bathing (Including admission) 25c,- Children 20c.
l^U LUmB I Fl LEAOISO THEATRE
TG=NIQHT AN '/ OR
SECOND AND FINAL WEEK
' Beginning TO-MORROW. MONDAY.
STAMPED WITH
UPREME......
UCCBSS .. . . . .
The Distinguished Irish Comedian, - ,
mR. CHAUNCEY *
"THE 8WIITIST 8IKGE3 OK THE 8TASB,"
In the New Irish Comedy, ;
GARRETT O'MAGH.
Written by AUGUSTUS PITOU, Manager.
Hear OLCOTT'S NEW SONGS. . -
EXTR J\..\7. ~~ .
COMMENCING AUGUST S.
MONDAY . **U UUO1 U»
Twelfth Annual Tour o(
' CHARLES FROHMAN'S
empire;: ™
1 II C. J\ I Ct IV THEATER.
COMPANY ;™ Wk -
CHARLES RICHMAN ... MARGARET AN8LIH •
W. H. CH0MPT0N \ ETHEL HOIIHICK
E.T. BACKUS KABSARE1! DALS
QEOROE 08B00RNE JR. MAY B100I3
WALLACE W0R8LET SE3EQE SYLVESTER
STANLEY DARK * FRANK BROWNLEE
'Presenting Henry Arthur Jones' ' Grea.test Play,
URSDANE'S
DEFENCE.
As seen all last season at the
— -EMPIRE THEATER. NEW YORK.
BOX AND SEATSALE j|^^
ffliftT INEE-TO-D AY,
/ "LAST NIGHT. OF
"PAUL KAUVAR." -
Commencing TO-MORROW EVENING,
T. DANIEL FRAWLEY
—Will Present
"THESENATOR"
- - - By David Lloyd and Sydney. Ros<»nf eld.
The Greatest American Comedy Ever Written.
PRICES— 10c, 15c. 25c, 50c. Tiic. '¦ . -
Good Orchestra Seats, AH . Matinees. iSo.
Branch Ticket Office, Emporium. •
BELASC6*"° THAL£S,'* A <rt&
• : MATINEE TO-DAY— 10c.- 15c, \23c.
TO-NIGHT— LAST TIME— The . Fanious PlaTt
r, "TRILBY." >
PDirCC Evenings. ......... .10c, 15, 25c.- 35c, 50e
I altCC Matinees...... '.Vic; 15c, 25c
TO-MORROW EVENING-^JAMES M. BRO-
. PHY -and a Superb -Cast In a Gorgeous" . ,
and Magnificent Production of the
Great Naval Drama, !
THE ENSI6N.
fflisosporasiiPil
ANDREW: DEAN ..~. .'.....'. .Judye
JAMES WREN. ......... ................ .;SUpper
INTRODUCTORY RA|?ES
FOR $600 SiKE
-'AT : THE BEAUTIFUL NEW, GBOUNDS - '.
;.;AT^ : :MELRGSb..:
Take broad gauge train to Oakland and con-
• nect with ¦ Hay wards : electric ', cars al: ; Frultvale
SpsioiillxEiit&^y-.-'ubiE^fREE.-
Week Commencing TO - DAY,
Sunday, Matinee, duly 28.
Vaudeville From ths
Old and New World!
First American Appearance of the v
MCLASSO SALVAGGI
,. Troupe of French Dancers and Acrobats,
-
Direct from London.
ALEXANDRA DAGMAR
The Most Stunning Woman In Vaudeville.
STANTON and MODENA
In Their Latest Satire, "A Bargain Fiend."
THE 3 BROOKLYHS
Musical Drolls;
MURPHY^anOlGHOLLS
In " the Hilarious Success, "The Bifurcated
ARRAS and ALICE
The European Novelty Duo.
edfTreYnard
Ventriloquist; and His Moving Figure*. ; :
; :l|i|||AMETAl|||l
The Spectacular Dancer. In New Surprises.
THE~BlO6RAPH -.
¦With New 'Views, Including 'Launching
- — -OF the- — .
SHAmROGK II.
Parquet. ¦ 25 cents, any seat; -Balcony. 10
cents; Children, 10 cents, any part except re-
served.' A few front Orchestra rows reserved.
50 cents; front rows of Balcony, , reserved, 23
cents. . ¦ '¦'•• ' ¦ ¦ ¦: ¦¦ - .' '"" " : - :-'/ ¦ ¦
MECHANICS' PAVILION
FAREWELL ORGAN RECITAL
BT
DR. H. J. STEWART.
MONDAY EVENING^July 28th, at 8:15.
ADMISSION 25 CENTS.
oLf H EArT R s^AT
TO-NIGHT— "THE COUNTRY GIRL."
• ¦ to-morrow ' night.
A Splendid Reyival. '
FLORENCE; % ROBERTS
Supported ' by WHITE ' WHITTLESET. .
••The Adventures of
Seats 15c, 25c, : 35c,", 50c and 75c.-, "'.-'.
' ONLY . MATINEE SATURDAY. , -
% • TO-MORROVvTEVENJNC-r;
- Inaugurating of .the Regular Season. 1
MR; JAMBS /ANDTHE ,
iSlWTli -1 NEILL
IV JUll^&W . COMPANY.
. . Presenting , for the first week.
The Case of Rebellious Susan
.' ' '} By Henry 'Arthur 'i Jones.',
cpEfl IT BARGAIN M ATINB E(S - Every
OrECIAL Thursday, 25c and 5Oc reserved
EVE......... .... '..'.¦• 23c,' 35c, 50c, 75c. ?1 : ' ',
SAT. MAT.....;....".....": 25c. 50c. 75c
SEATS NOW. READY.
Sunday .Evening. .Aug. '4— "THE AMAZON&"
OLTMFIA <^Z2*l
THE • ONLY FREE ¦ VAUDEVILLE HOUSE
rlN'THECITY. . \ - '.
'Sensational Equtllbrlsta. .'.
lbster"jreev^s;
"_"The" Barytone.; .
-. In ! Poses j PlaatlQue.'j/
* -And Our Celebrated Stock Company.-.-:;"^
•>>Q- ;MATINEE : EVERY
• i • : AMATEUR 4 NIGHT , EVERY - FRIDAY.
.; ; ; ; ..^ : ,'; ADMISSION > FREE. '?;,
GOIiENGATE
GLOAK ANDSDIT HOUSE
IJESPp]
¦.-.-¦¦ • -¦¦¦." . ' ¦ -
Monday -Tuesday -Wednesday
July 29th. July 30th. v July 31st.
$12.50 ALL-WOOL BLACK CHEVIOT VENETIAN TAILOR
SUITS, mostly larRC sizes. Clcan-up price ......$5.©O
$1750 and $20.00 BLACK AND COLORED FANCY TRIMMED
ETON SUITS at...... flO.OO
' $50.00 and $40.00 SILK LINED BROADCLOTH VENETIAN
TAILOR SUITS at...................... ?25.OO
$25.00 FANCY TRIMMED ETON AND BOLERO SUITS at $15.00
$10.00 TAN AND BLACK KERSEY AUTO BOX COATS, to close.
¦ at $6.5O
• $5.00 ALL-WOOL PLAID BACK } BOLERO JACKETS. Qean-tu)
............:........... . N . $1.25
Cxtra Special 25c.
The balance of our PERCALE and WHITE PIQUE SHIRT WAISTS
— values 75c, $i.oo, $1.25 and $1.50. Clean-up price 25c
$5.00 FANCY TRIMMED PIQUE SUITS, Eton effect Clean-up
price '• .'...* .91.00
$1.75 AMISILK WAISTS, lined throughout, only in gray, lavender and
heliotrope, to close, at. 5Oc
$2.00 TRAMPING SKIRTS, neatly stitched, at 95c
$5.00 ALL-WOOL BLACK CHEVIOT SKIRTS. Qean-up pirce:..:.
.................. $2.45
' BLACK SILK SKIRTS, fancy trimmed, value $12.50 to $15^00. Clcan-
up price ...... ..'. ..../.. ..$7.05
New! New!
CHILD'S AND MISSES' BOX COATS, Automobile and Raglans,
plain and fancy trimmed; in a large and elegant variety
;..... i........................... .........$2.75 to $20.00
1230,,1232, 1234 MARKET STREET!
' J AMUSEMENTS.
*XIVOI3h
To»Night Last of «JM TOY MAKE
THB MUSICAL EVENT OF THB TEA:
— OPENING OF— -•.
GRAND
AT) 1715 A
SEASOl
Under the Musical Direction of
: ; ; r- j mk. ¦ paul btexxdorff.
.^-/rv'/ I :. ¦
MONDAY EVENING, JULY S
+ ;
JURA Monday
It I 3 II Wednesday
HlUH Friday
IIJWJI Saturday
RIGOLETTO
Tuesday, Thursday,
Saturday Matinee and Sundc
— ; : — : ; _: ¦
Two of "Verdi's Greatest _Qi>eraa. Given. V
the Finest Cast Ever Seen Hers.
A Sfenorinas COLLAMARm Bi
BARESCHI, REPEHO and POLETI
Sigiiors CASTELANO, RUSSO, SALAS!
FERRARI, DADO, NICOLINI, ZANI a
FACCI.
And an Enlarged Chorus and Orchestral
! Evenings at 8. Matlnes . Saturday at
. POPULAR PRICES-23C, 50o and 75c.
Telephone Bush 9. :L,
UNION COURSING PAR
JOHN GRACE, Judge; J*S. F. GRACE, Sllpp
TO* DAY, "
Sunday - - - - July 2i
AND
Reserve Stakes
128-NOMINATIONS-128
$1100 TOTALPDRSE $HQ(
. . — TRAIN SERVICE:
Leaves Third and Townsend street* 10OS •
m., 11 a. m., 12 m. and 1 p. m.; Twenty-flft
and Valencia streets five minutes later. - Rt
turning at 4:43 p. m. and after. the last cours-
San Mateo Electric Cars every, six minutes.
ADMISSION 25c. LADIES FREE
ITl QP LJCD'Q CONCERT !
r lo\-»rin«rs o house.
; Commencinr MONDAY. July 2»-MAI
CHARITY MARTIN!!! SIG. PIETRO BUZZf
SIG G. S.AVANRELL!!! Mabel Rntherfon
Jennie Metzler. Nellie Bruce. Hopper & Hoj
per ''Karl & Bayle. Admission. 10 cents: rt
served seats, 23 cents. Matinee Sunday. - Tell
phone v Main . 231. Extra— Tuesday. July *
Benefit. AUGUST HINRICHS!!!
PALACE
r ¦' These hotels possess
ANH the attributes that tour-
•***"* ists and .travelers ap-
'/•o A MT\ predate— central loca-
Ulvi^Hi tion, liberal manage-
UATCTC ment, modern appoint
HU 1 HL j, ments and perfect cui*
San American and Euro-
.<-"**" ; pean plans.
' BEKMptf
-¦• • ¦ .-:¦ • • ~ " ¦ 9
Dry Goods <Sfcjip Company. I
~ ~ „ •
Handsome line of IRISH POINT CTTBTAINS in nobby effects, on O
s^eat ••••¦ • • : "-fl>3»£5Oper Pain-:8
New line of NOTTINGHAM CURTAINS in Batteiberg, Arabian •
and other real lace patterns, on sale at. ... <jK # *7 § per pair %
r-;,*,:l':'~ • ". ¦¦'.¦' ' '' ' •¦
Special line of TAPESTRY PORTIERES in rich oriental designs, J
- 11 "' ;•••- S3.5O per pair •
I Just arrived; new lot of LINEN TAFFETA suitable for wall dec- ,9
' orations and bedroom hangings in beautiful pastel colorings, 36 q
Inches wide, on sale at .' . {3^JC P6F VSPd ®
—^— — — — — — — — —^ ¦ * ¦ a
FRENCH BOBBINETS in all widths and coloring, with braids and Q
• laces to match, on sale at popular prices. -V ¦ 9
New lot of IMITATION ARABIAN DOOR PANEL, size 36 inches %
wide by 54 inches long, on sale at.. i*5/ 5G 6ECh ®
AU Curtains and Portieres sold by the department will be put ©
up free of charge by competent drapers. . ©
CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY, S
EE. Corner Geary and Stoolr^a Streots, San Francisco. S
UNION sbuARE. N 2
COUNTRY ORDERS CAREFULLY AND PROMPTLY FILLED. •
ADVERTISEMENTS.
AMUSEMENTS.
AMUSEMENTS.
AMUSEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY^ 28;; 1901
28
MAS FRANCISCO CALL.
WMiftfr.-. -¦¦ '. ' -i •¦ ¦ ~
•TTBTKTSS GnrtTLCB of Th« San Fraaelsoa *
1 3, corner or Market and Third streets; open
=H II o'clock every night In the year.
'RANCH OFFICES-S27 Montgomery irtmt,
aer Clay; cpen until »:M p. ra.
X) Hayes street: o»«n until 9:W p. m.
» McAllister. street; open until 9:80 p. ra.
15 I *.rk In street; cpen until »:30 p. m.
Ml illislcn street: ccen until 10 P- m.
«1 Market street, corner Sixteenth: op«n e
:11 S p. m. ?
* Eleventh street; open until 9 p. m. —
>9B Valencia «trert; open until • p. m. A
Tcrthwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
ky streets; open until 9 p. m.
WO FTIlroor* street: open until 9 P~ m -
CHURCH SERVICES.
LV/BT and St. John's Presbyterian "*
hurchcs worship at St. John's Church cor.
•¦allf ornla and OcUvla Bts.— R«v. John Herap-
111, D. D.. pastor. K#y. George G. Eldredge
rill preach at 11 a. m.. topic, "Forward —a
«JI to new duties under n«w conditions. R*v. _
Ir. Eldredg-e will preach at 7M5 p. m.. topic. T
'Afraid of the Truth." Sunday school after
he morning sen-ice. Christian Endeavor Bo-
lety, «:30 p. m. Prayer meeting TVednesday
venlng. « o'clock. All oordlally lnvltedL ,
(WARD . Presbyterian Church. Oak and j
laker sts.— At XI o'clock Rev. A. W Hayes
I Plttsburg, theme. "The Cross. Services
Vednesday evening- at 7:<&. Next Sunday.
kugnst 4. Rev. J. S. Thomas, pastor, at 11
lornlng and 7:45 evening. - -
INITY Church, corner Bush and Oourh sts.
-Rev. Frederick W. Clampett, D.D., rector,
toly communion, 7:30 and 11 a. m. Morning .
•rvlee. U o'clock. Evening prayer. 4 o clock.
rlday wervie* for army and navy at 11 a, m.
pedal musical service July 28, 1301, at 7:45 -
m.
1ST Congregational Church, corner Post and e
'.ason eta.— Rev. George C. Adams. D. D..
istor. Bev. W. M. Klncald. D. D., of Hono-
du, H. I., will preach. At 11 a. m., topic. *
Zaiaphas' — a character study. At 7:45 p. J
i., tonic, "The Matchless Book." All are *
>rdlally Invited. _ :1 ____ > -
"MANUEL Baptist Church. Bartlett St., \
ear 23rd.— Morning- service. 11; preacher.
.ev J. George Gibson. Evening service, 7:45; *
srmon'by Rev. J. George Gibson and bary-
>ne solo, "Not Ashamed of Jesus'* (Wood-
•orth). Miss Lotta Underfill!, organist. ;
• the First English Lutheran Church. Geary ¦*
nd Goueh sts.. Rev. Dr. E. Nelander, pas-
ir. Services will be held at 11 a. m. and 7:45 \
m. Morning subject, "Common Senseln u
.elision." ' Evening. "Deaconesses. Tne
Iris' vested choir will sing at both services. .
VEKTTH Day Adventlst Church. 914 Laguna. J
t. bet. McAllister st. and Golden Gate ave.— .
Teaching this Sunday evening at 7:30 o'clock j
y the pastor. Elder W. B. Sadler, subject,
Sowing and Reaping, with Reference to -
tealth and Disease." A cordial Invitation U J
xtended to all; seats fre*. .
RST Church of Christ, Scientist. Central
lock. 223 Butter st, between Kearny st. and
trant ave.— Christian Science Bible lesson at
I a m.. subject. "Love." Sunday school '
ar children at the same hour. Wednesday
venlng meeting at 8 o'clock. Free reading-
oom. 206 Kearny st.. r. 610. All are welcome, j
:ORGANIZED Church of Jesus Christ Druid
'emple. Kolsom and Fourteenth sts.— PreacB-
ag; 11 a. m. and 7:45 p. m. Morning sermon „
y F B Blair. This church was organized,
y divine command. A. D. 1S30, to proclaim
he restored gospel as a "sign ' of the cocar .
is of Christ to restore all things. Sunday ]
chool 9:45 a. m. AH Invited.
»ME of Truth (practical Christianity). 12S1 :
1ne st., near Hyde— Sunday services. 11 a. m.
nd 7:45 P- m. Weekly meetings, Monday, ;
p. m.. and Tuesday, 3 p. m. All are wel- ]
ame.
:EOSOPHICAL Society, Odd Fellows' build- "
lg— Public meetings will reopen on Sunday,
.upuet 4 at 8 p. m,. beginning with a courge -
f five lectures on "The Building of the In- c
Ivldual."
MEETINGS — SU\DAY.
t2DRr"jT^DEraw"KERGAN will lecture
i«s evening at Crystal Hall, Pythian Castle.
>9 Market St.; subject. "The Evolution of
:iectrical Science," to be followed by mis-
ificent views of a tour from London to «
ireece. Those attending may procure free
ickets to X-Ray exhibition at Sanitarium
eat Tuesday evening:. Seats free; no oollec- .
Ion. i
•ME and see C. V. Miller'a wonderful 3eances;
;un Tues.. Fri. 8 p. m.. 60c: you can speak .-
o your spirit friends face to face and recog- { i
lie them; give names; has received medals
rom many countries; taken last world's
ecord medal at Paris Fair. 1084 Bush; tel.
STi L&rkln st. *
1AKD test meeting. 909 Market, rear hall; 11, j
ree; t, 8 p. m. sharp, 10c; Mr. Swan; Mmes.
faxwell. Kotter. Stodard, Miller. McGee.
thers. '
IAS. BROCKWAT, 25c seance Sunday and
"hursday. 8 p. m.: every one grets a test: pri- .
ate readings dally. 299 Hyde et.. cor. Eddy. ,
-I p t. BIBL.E S. S. and Church, 909 Mar-
*t: 11 free, 2-S 10c; Kate Heussman; 8; See-
v. Nielson. others; officers' meeting. 4 p. m.
TRIKES and Their Remedy," by Dr. J. £•. \
'ork the eloquent orator, to-nlgrht. In Ocd- ¦
ental Hall, 306 Larkln St., cor. McAllister.
AS. BROCKWAY. 25c: seance to-night; full
ames and questions answered: every one •will
ecelve a test. 299 Hyde St.. corner Eddy. \
..RLE'S grand seance to-night, 328 Ellis st.:
peclal circle Monday afternoon 2:30, benefit
larry Earle. ,
IS STODDARD gives tests: no Questions;
ircles 10c; Sun.. Tues.; devl. Frl. 278 Ninth. ;
4E YOUNG'S demonstration of spirit return
j-nlght. 605 McAllister; 10c; come, skeptics.
4.TIE HECSSMAXN'S test circle Friday eye.. '
5c; eittlngs dally. 136 West Mission, nr. 13th.
IS. GILLINGHAM'S spiritual meeting. 8:15
>. m.; bring sealed questions. 305 Larkln st. .
G. KEEGAN holds spiritual meeting every
light except Sat.; 10c. 148 Sixth st.. 2d Hoor.
HN SLATER— Circle to-night, 25c; 8:13
(harp. 1809 Stockton st-, near Greenwich.
iN AUKEK free lecture on palmistry, with
ree readings, at 8 this eve. 423 Eills st.
RS. HATCH— Circle 8 p. m.; tests to all as-
rologlcally answered; 10c. 136 Sixth St.
RS. WINCHESTER. 1610 Clay, nr. Larkln—
Meetings to-night. 8; Tuesday. 2 p. m.>
EETIXGS— Universal Brotherhood.
VIVERSAL Brotherhood and Theosophical
Society (non-sectarian and non-political).
Lodge No. 7, 310 O'Farrell St., will hold its
next public meeting SUNDAY, Aug. 4, S p. m. |
Subjects, "What Do We Believer' and
"What Must We Do to Be Saved V Two
speakers. Public L B. L. meeting TUESDAY.
Aug. 6, 8 p. m. Subject, "Phases of War-
fare." All Invited. Meeting to-night for
members only
MEETING NOTICES.
»«TA Lodge No. 205. I O O. F. .frm^q.
Meeting MONDAY EVENING,
July 29, at 8 p. m. Important
business. Officers and -members ¦^v/lt'f
please attend.
FRANK McDONALD. Ree Sec'y.
CHAS. O. PARADIS. N. Q. ¦
I.TA Lodge No. 206. I. O. O. F. -jaw*©*.
Initiation TO-MORROW EVEN- ©^3*S«
ING (Monday), July 23. Visiting
brothers cordially lnx-lted. fV/nN&~
TOELITY Lodge No. 222, I. O. .•Ksiuzt**.
O. F.— Initiation TO-MORROW
(MONDAY) EVENING. Visiting
brothers always welcome. '>-wii«« p *
C. F. PHILLIPS. N. G.
J. 3. PHILLIPS. R. S.
fERBA BUENA Lodge No. 15, I. -^viaT'-L
O. O. F.— Members are requested $&?***£&£¦
to assemble at Memorial Hall TO- ?~2S<£f3*
DAY (SUNDAY) at 1 o'clock -^HI*S*~
sharp, for the purpose of attending the fu-
neral of our late brother, CHARLES H. Mc-
KEE. T. C. MARTIN. N. G.
J. J. DE HAVEN. Ree Sec
1BRAHAM LINCOLN Council No. f%.
• • Jr. O. U. A. M., meets every I A*\ H
THURSDAY EVENING in Seven M,Jff* \Ja
Pines Hall, Alcazar building, 120 ¦Arf3B'\a
O'Farrell street. **mi&9r
PACKERS'. Porters* and Warehousemen's Pro-
tective Union No. 8SS3. Members are hereby
notified that a summon* meeting will be held
p.t 117 Turk street TO-DAY (SUNDAY). July
St. at 1 p. m. Bring y^ur duo cards. By
OrdCr Cf THE EXECUTIVB COMMITTEE.
rTTAVD nan meeting: will be held In front
?f new City Hall. Market-st. side. SUNDAY,
2£th It 2 p. m. DR. C. C. O'DON'NELL and
other eminent speakers will address the
meeting. ' [ *¦¦"''-' ;
DFFICERB. members and friends of the Fr. V.
eartnek Assembly M are cordially Invited to
participate In the parade for our picnic at
Glen Park. July «. 1901. Pamde start* from
California Hall. €W Bugh st., at 9 a. m. ¦
iru-AL. No 228. Team Drivers' Union, will hold
meeting TO-DAY at 2 p. m.. 115*
Mitsion et. • •' • •
rtr-nEL, Cork Benevolent Association — Th«»
«bove aesodaUon wlU bold Its rerular anriual
T-icnic on SUNDAY. August 4. 1901. at Shell
l» .«*»»• rir Rerkeley. Very valuable sate
fe'a^X be given.' including a Domestic
wB-lcg machine. ..*¦•¦*¦¦
kKTCTTAL. meeting.— Remilar annual meeting of*
Jhe stxkboldOT 6f the 8 P recke!s Sugar, Co.
win ?Theld at the Otfice of the com pan y. 327
Market «t.. Can. Francisco, on MONDAY, the
%th 4ay of July. •* the hour of,U a. m.. for
?be pur\x»« of elecUng a board otain^or.
\o «e>ve for the ensuing year, and «»• tt«n«.
MEETING KOTICBS--K?onttM«d^ I
ANNUAL, meetlne— Tho Risdon Iron and Loco- •
motive Works — The annual meeting of the
stockholders of the Rlsdon Iron and Locomo-
tive Works for the election of trustees for the X
ensuing year and -the transaction of <¦ such
other business as may be brought before the
meeting will be held at the office of the com- .
pany. southeast corcer of Beale and Howard -
ets., San Francisco, on MONDAY, the 6th
day of August, 1901, at 11 o'clock a. m. . ¦/¦¦
L. R. MEAD. Secretary.
AGENTS WANTED. ¦ .',
AGENTS— A splendid . chance to make money;
our new pocket Atlaa contains maps of every
State In the Union and every country in the
world; also the 1900 census complete; over ,400
pages of maps - and descriptive matter; sells
at sltht; send 25c for sample and terms to
agents. RAND. McNALLY & CO.. Chicago.
A GOOD live agent, lady or gentleman, wanted
In every town in this State to sell a wonder- .
ful new. article that everybody needs; $2 50 to -
$5 per day guaranteed a S 00 " 5 "teady worker. A
Address MAT & GERBER, 638 Market St.,
San Francisco. Cal. ¦ : ¦
WE will pay any honest man $85 monthly and
traveling expenses to take orders for great-
est portrait concern In United States; salary
guaranteed; position permanent. Address
World's Art Exchange. Dept. 80S, Chicago.
PERMANENT position awaits a good sales-
man; must earn more than $100 per month;
an er-school teacher. Insurance, typewriter
or book salesman preferred. Pacific News-
rarer Union. 827 Market St. 8. F. •
AGENTS — Do you want something more profit- j
able and easier to sell than books or insur-
ance? Ad. F. PERSON, r. 412. Parrott bldg.
ADOPTION.
ISFANTB adopted * into good homes. MRS.
DR. FUNKE. 1416 Eighth st.. Alameda. i
¦ ¦¦'.• i
ASPttALTUM ROOFING.
J. PELTIER, asphalt roofing, sidewalks re-
paired; postal. 1138 Mission; tel. Folsom 1607.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVTCE free:dlvorces private ;bankruptcy; col- i
lections attachments; mortgages; bills of sale;
partnerships ;deeds; wills drawn ;fees low;open
eve's. THURSTON, 1003% Mkt. r. 4, op. 5th.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success: collections. O. W.
HOWE, atty at law, 850 Market, cor. Stockton. ,
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful. J. - 1
B. EVANS, 14 McAllister st, rooms 28-29.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON'. 927 Market St.. opp. Mason.
L. 8. CLARK, Emma Spreckels bldg., 927 Mar- •
ket st; consultation free; no fees In advanoe. I
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly Call,
16 pages, in ¦wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
BOARDING FOR CHILDREN.
WANTED— A boy. about 6 years' old to take
care of: will give him a good home; terms
reasonable. Address 1012% York st. I
BERKELEY lady would board children; fresh
cow; near school. 2127 Prince St., Ashby .
station. Berkeley. '
TWO or three children to board; good home
and mother's care; $10 up; sunny yard. 1607 ¦
California st.
FAMILY with no children wish a child to
board; good home and care. 132 Fourteenth. -
BOOKS — NEW AND OLD. ¦
BOOKS of every kind bought Tel. Red 29SC
HOLMES BOOK CO.. 704-708-708 Mission st.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
CANDY store: 8 rooms: rent $16 $100 3
Candy store $400
Saloon $5SO
Saloon and grocery store j
Restaurant and chophouse $200
To buy, sell, exchange anything we can
suit you. *
M. J. McBRIDE & CO..
1018 Market St., opposite Fifth.
5250— CORNER saloon; good paying business; .
trial given. McLAUGHLIN & CO., 777ft •
Market st. ....
$3500 — SALOON and lodging-houee; best busl- ;
ness, on the city front. MCLAUGHLIN &
CO., 777^4 Market St.; established 25 years. •
100 CIGAR etajMs. 200 candy stores, 300 groce-
ries and bars. 400 saloons, S0O bakeries, 600 •
stores of all kinds; hundreds of businesses to
choose from; call in and see what we can
- offer. WALTER HAYES & CO., 838 Market. '
$500 TO $750 — A live man for % Interest In manu-
facturing business; something new; just being
Introduced; we will have a monopoly in this
line and will be used by every one; State and
county rights for sale reasonable. Address
for one week, box 37, Call office.
CHANCE to acquire the best located candy
. and ice cream parlors in the city; the owner
must leave the State Immediately; will take
half its value. Business Board Trade, 32$
Pine st. . • . ••
FOR sale — Dairy 100 miles from S. F. ; 150 cows ;
now chipping $600 a month In cream to S. F. ; j
als>o to lease or sell the ranch with feed for
1000 cattle. Address J. M. CANTY. Grayson,
Cal. ¦ . '
$1000— CASH will buy half interest in excellent
paying business; fine opportunity for an ex-
perienced traveling salesman. Box 3940, Call.
OLD established Eastern poultry supply plant
with business in every State. Address
"Poultry," room 63, Winchester Hotel, city.
FOR 6ale at a sacrifice— Candy and ice cream
parlor, manufacturing tools, etc.. everything
complete. Address box 3729, , Call office.
A DESIGNER and illustrator wants partner
with a little capital to establish an advertis-
ing agency. Box. 3958, Call office.
PARTNER with $750 for big paying, legitimate
business; will stand Investigation. Box 3702,
' Call office.
GUN and locksmith business and buildings for
sale. Address S. F. Call Agent. Santa Cruz,
Cal. ¦ •_____
WANTED for cash on short notice— Groceries,
hardware, merchandise. 14 McAllister, r. 16.
ALASKA proposition ; want grub stake on sure
winner; ref. Room 32, New Western Hotel.
GOOD paying restaurant and lodging-house:
21 miles from city. Address box 3943, Call.
$1200— A Call agency in a city near San Fran-
clsco. Box 3733, Call office. .
SMALL photograph gallery for sale; reason-
able. Box 3773, Call office.
$350— GROCERY and bar; four nice living rooms
in rear. 2698 Folsom et. (
RKSTAURANT In Tiburon; cheap rent. MRS.
L. LIND. Tlburon. '
$350 will buy a store: 930 Harrison; good busi-
ness location; living rooms for family; stock
would Inventory double this amount; must
eell: no agents. Apply on premises.
A— PRINTING business: large transient trade;
established 3 years; $600. W. MITCHELL,
1206 Market st. . ;
$2500— HALF interest In old-established Im-
porting and manufacturing business; present
partner- thoroughly practical; only one fa-
miliar with office work need apply; good
reasons for selling; no agents. Box 3736, Call.
$500— RESTAURANT: business district, paying
well: cost $1200; quick. D. McRAE. 837 Mis-
sion st. i - '. |_
BRANCH bakery and notion -store for sale;
good established trade. Inquire - 1601 Mason
St.,- corner Vallejo.
SALOON for sale cheap or take a partner. 640
Commercial St., near Kearny. ¦
FINELY furnished restaurant, complete; Post,
near Grant ave. Apply 10E7 Market -st.
DELICACY store; must be sold or given away;-
3 living rooms; rent $18. 635 Valencia st.
FOR SALE— A bargain; a small restaurant
with 20 steady boarders; can rent 3 living
rooms, furnished. Apply at 829 Howard st.
WANTED— An honest ana sober partner with
$3000 In, an optical business; must either bu |
i an optician or be able to attend to corre-
' Fpondlng. etc. ; cash receipts about $1500 to
$2000 per month. Address - GEORGE MAY-
ERLE. German Expert Optician, 1071% Mar-
- . ket St.. San Francisco.
j HOTEL— 50 rooms; newly furnished: prosperous
, interior city; commercial patronage; rent $145.
, Further particulars of tie Railway Hand-
. Book Publishing Co., 20 Montgomery st. .
. FOR SALE— Branch bakery cheap; good paying
t place. . 333 . Hayes St. . -- • : < - :¦•»-
! FOR SALE— Half Interest in blacksmith shop.
« 4400 Mission st • ,
. CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
r received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore St.
0 A BRANCH office for Call advertisements arM
t subscriptions has been .: established at ; 1094
a ' Valencia tt. ' ¦ ' •
\ ¦ I.OIJGISG-HOCSES FOR SAL.E. . .-"-
J ~~~~*~~~ .
MARION GRIFFIN, 71» Market, the real estate
agent.— Money to loon— payable monthly or
"! yearly: no charge when you list your house
1 with me ; call at of flee for list: here are some
1 samples: 23 rooms/rent $25r clears $100/ snap,
6 SSOO; 40 rooms, central, rent $100, see this house,
c J1S00; 16 rms., rent J50.1 block Mkt., $650; 14
I rooms, rent $30, housekeeping, no work, $300.
*' : . - - ATTENTION, BUYERS! -•. . " ' ;
'; You may buy. any rooming-house In
' „. the city and pay for.lt '¦^"-'¦f.^
« In monthly payments - , .
r . . from the: profits . ¦•
• . , .¦ .of the house. • ' ••¦¦«,
! - Vacant houses furnished,. • :
• DONALD IN VESTMENT; CO.., 850 Market.
10 ; rooms, furnished.
864J4 Mission mt. : • .-. . , . > " ' .
LODGING . HOUSES FOR SALB—Con.
................HOTEL AND BAR;......;........' ]
..........70 rooms, fine country '-town.... '...... .
Clears $250; price $1800. DECKER. 1020 Markt. -
H. c. DECKER.. ....:........;.......:•'.......•..•
1020 Market at., opp. Fifth. Tel. Mint 796. ¦
......2« Yeara in Businese-ln This City .". r
' ..........OfCers for Sale and Exchange — ......
I 100 rooming-houses, 10 to600 rms, $50 to $25,000 •
150 lodging-houses, 6 to 600 rms.; $100 to. 20,000
40 flats, 3 to 18 rooms, $80 to.... 750
BO private homes, 6 to 26 rooms, $90 to... 2,000 .
Jl boarding-houses, 10 to 100 rms., $360 to 10,000 3
! 10 hotels. 40 to 200 rooms, $1000 to........ 8.0CO
40 grocery stores,- $400 to 6,00c .
20 candy stores, $300 to 6,000 ]
40 saloons. $400 to «- 000
10 cigar stores, $300 to..........:.... l.° 00 \
D00 other businesses, all kinds, $100 to.. 20.000
100 vacant lots, $25 to 8,000 I
75 houses and lots, everywhere, $600 to.. 60,000 ¦
6 chicken ranches, $400 to ¦ 1.JM
60 ranches, everywhere, $300 to •• 14,000 .
..To Buy, Sell or Exchange Anything Call.. <
I can- suit you. H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market.
A. . CAMERON &. CO., - - . .
850 Market st. and 8 Stockton st.
Rooms IX 22 and 23. .Phone Bush 328. •
If you have hotel, rooming-house or business »
to sell list with us. We have cash customers
for all sizes and prices. Bee list ot bargains. !
60 r.; rent $300; fine family hotel..... .$6000
84 r.; cor.: rent $110: good fur. and carp.. 2oOO .
35 r.; rent $110; residence, good, clrs. $100.. 1800 1
Money loaned on deferred payments: VA P- c.
20 r. ; rent $73; new carp.: pt. housekpgr... 1200 j
12 r.; rent $60; Al loc. ; nice home... * 650
6 r.; rent $35; downtown; fur. & car. gd... 850
Over 600 houses listed.- Call before buying.
ATTENTION Lodglng-housa Keepers— 22 all
light rooms, corner Pacific arid Powell: suit-
able improvement for permanent tenant;
house being theroughly painted and' papered,
etc.; can be arranged for housekeeping; rent
cheap. Apply R. M'COLGAN. 24 Montgom-
ery st., room 8.
FISHER &CO., 936 Market st
An elegant •11-room, house; oak furniture;
only $250 ....'. •
A beautiful home on Van Ness: 14 boarders;
large Income ; $1100
A 40-room house, richly furnished, clearing
f400 per month; In the exclusive residential
center; cost $9000; now $7000. / -¦ "
WINSTON & WOLF, 1026 Market st '..
Telephone Jessie 2211 ••.
-22 rooms; renti$25; near Market $S00
25 rooms; rent $75; N. of Market 1350
28 rooms; cheap rents; reduced to WOO
18 rooms: rent $60; clears $50 800
20 rooms; Third St.; rent $60 950
M. J.-McBRIDE & CO., •
1016 Market st, opp. Fifth.
66-room house $2o00
25-room ho%se » 400
7-room hotose; rent $25 250
Private house, 6 rooms 200
SELECT your homes from the largest list in
town— Rooming houses and hotels, from $100
to $50,000: hundreds to choose from. WALTER
HAYES & CO.. S38 Market St.
THE largest and beet list of lodging-houBes
and hotels can be found at office of
G. W. BCHWEINHARD. phone Mint 191L
No. 917 Market st. (near Fifth St.).
$3000— 86-ROOM lodging-house In Oakland; ele-
gant furniture; rent $125. with 4 years' lease.
Box 2287. Call office. Oakland.
SPIRITUALISM.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY—
Trance, ¦ business medium; life reader; exam-
ines ore; oil locations; medical clairvoyant;
. treats, cures elck; cancer removed without
use of knife. 1164 O'Farrell. nr. Gough: Ellls-
st. car; Bit. $1; letter. $2. Tel. Hyde 2461.
RESUMED business— MRS. , DR. FARNHAM,
the world-renowned spiritual medium; advice
In all affairs of life; lawsuits, divorces,
deaths; unites the separated; mining a spe-
cialty; circles Sun., Wed., Frl. eve.; letters
answered. Residence (no signs). 38 McAllister.
LAST developing circle to-night; HghUi, slate-
writing, etc.: come. ARNOLD D1CKSON,
148 Sixth st. •
CHAS. BROCKWAY, 25c seance Sunday . and
Thursday, 8 p. m.; every one gets a test; pri-
vate readings daily. 299 Hyde St., cor. Eddy.
JOHN SLATER— Circles, 25c; Sun.. Mon., Frl.
eves., 8:15; Wed. aft., 2:45; sit. 10 to 4 except
Eat. & Sun. 1809 Stockton, nr. Greenwich.
MRS. HUBBARD, 109 Oak; clr. Tues., Fri.. 8
p.m.; Wed.. 2:30 p.m.. 10c; readings dally, 50c.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
.Meyer; sittings dally; test to all to-night. 10c.
EDWARD EARLE. 328 Ellis— Readings dally;
seance Sun.. Tues. and Thun. Tel. Polk 1601.
* , CliAIRVOVAJSTS.
ALWAYS SEE~THE BEST. ~™~
PROF. MONTAGUE.
RECOGNIZED LEADER
OF ALL . :
CLAIRVOYANTS AND PALMISTS.
Prof. MONTAGUE holds the key to the
enigma of your life; his prophetic revelations
make plain your pathway, and by the aid of
his strange power he will look down the mys-
terious. vista of your future and tell you what
to do and what to avoid, and will tell you the
manner In which to overcome your present
troubles. Valuable advice- concerning all mat-
! ters of business, mining, law, sickness, divorce,
love, marriage and all domestic relations, re-
uniting separated and securing marriage with
one of choice. Evil habits and weaknesses of
men and women overcome forever. THE
POWER TO CONTROL. Secrets you should
krow. No matter how many others have failed
to help you a call on Prof. MONTAGUE may
&ave you many losses, sorrows and regrets.
PRICE IN REACH OF ALL. ,
• Hours, 9 to 6 daily; evenings, 7 to 8; Sundays
by appointment only. ; '
OFFICES. JIM MARKET ST.. ROOM M.
ISMAR THE GTPSY.
ISMAR. the Egyptian Gypsy, draws aside the
uncertain years ahead; happiness and- success
go hand In hand, yet hundreds fail where suc-
cess is possible, were It not for a lack of fore-
sight into the future. If you are in trouble of
any kind, discontented, unhappy or not satis-
fled In life, consult ISMAR, for she is a
prophetess of world-wide fame and her name
has become a proverb 'in thousands of homes
made happy by her aid and advice. ISMAR can
be consulted daily from 10 a. m. to 6 p. m.,
Sundays by appointment only, at her office, 1148
Market st., opp. Sixth. By mall three ques-
tions answered, $1. . Full life reading, $5. See
my large ad on page 15.
MME. M. BERNARD, •
. THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently
located at 17 Third St., next Examiner bldg. She
reads your life correctly, gives an accurate de-
scription of the past, reveals the present hap-
; penlngs and portrays events to occur in the fu-
ture. If you are In trouble, discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied in life, or have domes-
tic love or business troubles, consult this great
me'dium and .you will be told how to overcome
them. Valuable advice In all affairs of. life;
'¦ 25c up; perfect satisfaction guaranteed. •
• KNOW YOUR FUTURE. '.
Mme.- Montague. • clairvoyant : and palmist,
! gives advice In all affairs of life; gives names,
' ' facts, figures, with full predictions -In all love
affairs: not one failure; letters answered. 116
. Turk «t.. flat 1. ,
; MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the well-known. trance
medium, is permanently -located at 1206 Mar-
', ket Ft., corner Golden Gate ave., rooms 25 and
1 26; take elevator. Perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mall; send stamp for pamphlet
'. with special terms. Dally and Sunday.
• a— lincoln, clairvoyant.
high; psychist.
The most wonderful clairvoyant on the Coast;
he succeeds when others fail: permanently
1 located at 125 Turk St.; readings by mall.
I MME. ARNDT., the great clairvoyant, tells past
and future; never fails: has the greatest Egyp-
tian secret: shows picture of future husband
or wife; 2nd up; satisfaction to everybody;
cures diseases. by sympathy. .215% 'Sixth st.
". MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
' reader born with, double, veil— second sight;
diagnoses disease with life reading; ladies 50c.
t gents $1; palm, and clalr. sit., $1 50.. 126 JTurk.
f ISMAR, the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and]
- palmist, permanently located 1148 Market, op.
1 6th; private readings dally, 10 a. m.to 6 p. m.
! ! LIFE reader: tells ' love, marriage, '-, business,
, 1 everything (free unless correct): send 10c &
birthday. J: Myers, 91 Lincoln Pk.-sta.,Chgo.
' A. L. CARLSON, medium and astrologlst; horo-
scopes cast; lessons given, 50c; hours 11 to 1
J and 4 to 6. 143 Sixth st. room 22.
• UP to date; Mme. Richards, astrological palm-
ist ami reader of human destiny; never. fails;
25o and BOc. ' 1203 Mission St., cor. 8th.'. ~,
t MODERN -VAN ENGEN— Greatest card reader
. in the world: don't fail to sea her. 521 Octa-
" via St., bet. Hayes and Grove. ¦ , ;
MRS. VANDERBILT— Astrological card reader,
I SSc and. 50c; for a short time only;. no sign.
• - E11A Larkln at. - ..:' - .
1 MME. LAROSE. best clairvoyant, " card reader,'
I test medium; 25c up. 472 Stevenson st.; cor.6th.
" MME.WALTERS. great card reader; ladies 25e;
! gents BOc. 951 Mission.' nr.' 6th; open Sundays.
M. WILLE, crystal seer, clairvoyant, -medium:
t sittings, ,9 a_m. to 8 p.m. ; 6O0. 215 Leavenworth.
r CLAIRVOYANT, card reader,; from Louisiana;
e . only 10c. 262 Minna St.. < near Fourth. . . j <•>.;
MRS.^BROWN,- clairvoyant, I card' - reader;
:. i ladles 25c, gents 60c. 132 Sixth ; st/; :
Mrs.Mallory.clatrvoyant card reader: when oth-
_ ... ers fall consult me: L. 25c,' G; 50c. 917 Howard.
' 'MRS. MEL VIT.L,. well-known clairvoyant. water,
reader." 11, 6th -.German spoken -.tel.Howard 1840.
MME. .* AUGUST. ; clairvoyant, card reader • and
: palmistry; truth or: no pay ; ; 25o. 1149 Mission.'
• MME. " SCHAFFER. clairvoyant, card reader;
: ,:;,. sittings daily. 1 448^4 Jessie rt.. bet. 5th and 6th.
L' MME. ; RAVENNA' reads life fluently; business
., ; advice: names given: zSc.up.? 6 Fourth at.r,;v:
'- -. i CHIROPODISTS. ¦:.-'¦ •¦; '•¦.'. '
INGROWN .' nallB, •: bunions/ corns, warts, chll-; J
blalns; painless cure. 'Dr. Duncan. 415 flatter. ,-
Strassburgrer of N. Y.,' specialist on feet; dl- "3
. pIomaT. P. B. 8. N.Y. Chronicle bldg.. r. 76.
CARPET. BEATING AND CLEANING. <J
WHEN you become : disgusted with • poor work |
eend to SPA ULDING'S pioneer Carpet-beat- -
Ing Works, 353-357 Tehamasfc; teL South , 40. <
BEATING. . 3c: laying, 3c: ¦ renovating > 6c up: ?
work guaranteed. T. R. Co.; ; phone Scott 1310. -
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. t?03 Harrison; tel. Mission 263.
CONKLJN'S Superior Carpet-beating Works, j
333 Golden Gate ave. ; telephone East 126.
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.; j
tel. Main 394. GEO. >WALCOM, Proprietor.
CITY Steam Carpet-beating Works. G. H. .
STEVENS. Mgr.. 38-40 8th st. ; tel. South 250. j
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-beating and Reno- .
vating Co., 240 Fourteenth St.; tel. Mission 74. :
CARPETS cleaned at the lowest rates. STRAT-'
TON. 3 Eighth st: telephone Jessie 944.
.COLLECTION OFKICES *_v''-' l
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No charge un-
leeB successful. Room 310. 927 Market st "
I = ]
. ,:. COTTAGES TO. LET, .
LOVELY Eunny cottage, 8 rooms, bath; gar- i
. dens; yard.' 85 Cumberland, nr. Dolores; $20.
SUNNY cottage of 6 rooms and bath.- 1828
Bush. St.- ¦¦¦ - , • - . i
3 OR 9 Tehama; near First; cottage 5, flat 4 .
rooms each ; rent low;' central location.' - ¦;
$12— COTTAGE, 5 rooms. 9 Priest St., oft "Wash-
ington, bet. Leavenworth and Clay. . - •" j
$20— COTTAGE, 5 rooms and bath; large' sunny
yard. 2623, Bush st. .... ¦¦¦ / ' j
~™_~. PESTISTS. ,._:-;';.;„ .'_'! *
A— DR. " T. S. HIGGINS, 927 Market street,
Emma Spreckels building. Reasonable prices •
for painless dentistry; pure gold filling $160; J
artificial teeth, on plate, look- natural and
guaranteed,- $5 up; a good metal plate $15;
gold and porcelain crowns ?5 to $10; . teeth *
without plate ; painless extraction. '
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Mar. ;
ket st., cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty: gold crowns,
$3 60 up; plates, extractions free, '$4 50 up; of-
fice hours, 9 a. m. to 10 p. m.; Sundays, 9 to 2 ,
p. m. J. W. THATCHER, M. P.. Manager. ¦
EIGHT prize* for best crowns, plates, : bridges
and fillings; extractions or fillings by my
wonderful secret, painless method;. 20 years' .
experience; no students; advice free; prices ,
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st.
A — NEW unbreakable plate, • the Rose Pearl, i
warranted for 20 years; crowns, $3 DO; fillings,
60c; plates, $5; full set; all work painless and |
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth.
AT Ideal Dental Co.. . 6 Eddy St.— Work done ¦
on weekly Installments: lowest rates. ... . ;
DR. H. G. TRUMAN, dentist, third floor, Ex-
' aminer building; formerly In Murphy bldg.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush-
Full set of teeth, $4; crowns, $3; fillings, 25c.
LOWEST prices in S. F. Painless extraction,
50c. N. Y. Dentists.. 969 Mission St.. cor. 6th.
VAN VROOM— "Painless"; evenings and Sun- !
days. 1001 Market St., corner Sixth.- ¦ '
BET of teeth without plate. DR. II. <f.
YOUNG, 1341 Polk st. '
.K WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
Ifi nngpa. In wrannc-. for malting. SI tit vpar.
DETECTIVE '• AGENCIES.
McCABE'S Detective Agency handles all legit-
imate detective business; divorce cases posi-
tively refused. ! Emma Spreckels building,
roo»ns 323-324, San Francisco; tel. South 381.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School —
Class rates; patterns cut. 1019 Market st.
ACCORDEON pleating; country orders prompt
attention. 121 Post, over O'Connor & Moffatt.
EDUCATIONAL.
AYRES' Leading Business College, .723 Market—
$8 per month; $50 life scholarship guarantees a
complete business education; shorthand, typ-
ing, bookkeeping, cm'l arithmetic, com'l law,
penmanship, etc. : experienced . teachers ; new
typewriters; positions secured; catalogue free.
GALLAGHER-MARSH College. Parrott bldg.—
Shorthand, typing and bookkeeping; Robert
F. Gallagher, expert court reporter, teacher of
shorthand: reportorlal phrasing taught; prac-
tical bookkeeping, 'full course, $50; catalogue.
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical
-colleges: references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
BOOKKEEPING, figures; the one man who per-
fects beginner», college graduates & bookkeep-
ers is TARR. the expert, 220 Parrott bldg.
MERRILL-MILLER College— Shorthand, typ-
ing, practical bookkeeping. Rooms 40-45. Par-
rott bldg.; individual instruction; catalogue.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec.mlnlng.mech.. sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day, eve.; est. 1864. Van
der Naillen School, 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
ACTING, elocution, specialties; Hallett School,
associated with theatrical agency securing
positions. Alcazar building, 120 O'Farrell st."
A FULL course of Ellis bookkeeping and the
Gregg shorthand costs only $60. San Fran-
cisco Business College, 1236 Market st
KENT Law School: day and night 534 Par-
rott building; send for catalogue. •
High School students— The Weekly Geometry Pa-
,pers makehome study easy; circulars. 3040 16th.
PIANO and German; pupil of Lelpsic. Conserva-
tory: lessons 75c and $1. 320 Golden Gate ave.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc. ; day or eve. ; $,1 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
MARY P. " Westhaus, piano, mandolin, guitar
lessons, 50c; piano for practice. 39 Fifth st.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post st.. S. F.;
founded 1863; new 80-page catalogue free.- v
A WEEK'S news for 6 cents-VTbe Weekly Call,
16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
, ELECTRO-THERAPEUTIC.
El«*ctric-Chemlc\medlcation cures faulty nutri-
tion, nerve, blobd and constitutional diseases.
Drs. K. & .K.'b Electric Sanitarium, 8 Mason.
' ' .. EXCHANGE. , .. ¦ . . ~\
WHAT have you ' got to offer for this? Fine
¦ 2-story house of 7 rooms, .bath. etc. ; lot 50x
130; street work' all done; electric cars pass
the property; only 2 blocks from railroad sta-
tion;, within walking distance of new Hish
School and university. Apply to FRED H.
CLARK, E03 California st. third floor.
WHAT have you to exchange for. unimproved
.-.'mountain ; ranch, 165 acres,' Sonoma Co.?
Abundant water and 1500 cord» wood on, it:
a good market near by and -climate- noted for
its healine effects in pulmonary ! and threat
diseases. Box 3749, Call. ' . ¦ •:'¦ ¦
HOUSE . of 8 rooms, new; modern Improve-
ments; corner lot; on Clinton ave.: $6500. - .¦-.:.¦¦:
House of 6 roonls: lot, size 100x140; will ex-
change for city property; a great bargain.
E. D..IUDD & CO.. ,
' : .1424 Park st., Alameda.
EXCHANGE and sales office, 321 Phelan bldg.—
Send particulars of anything you have for ex-
change, sale or want; registration free; genu-
¦ ine oil lands, gold, copper mines, ranches, etc.
. EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
JAPANESE and Chinese help of all kinds;
cooks, waiters and house servants. GEO.
AOKI & CO.. 421 Post St.; tel. Bush 135.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese, Chl-
- nese help. 426 Powell, nr. Sutter; tel.Black 6072.
CHINESE and Japanese employment office—
v Best help. 411% O'Farreil St.; tel. East 426. -
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese employment of-
" flee; all 1 kinds help. ' 315 Stockton; Main 5188.
: EMPLOYMENT WANTED FEMALE.
J A WOMAN with a • child wants , 'a position.
A' first ¦ class ¦ Swedish laundress wants a
'. ' position 'n private family. .'.. :
A llrst class ,; institution cook wants a
position. ¦ . - . • '
, • , MISS CULLEN, 323 Sutter st' .
r MOTHER and daughter . wish situation to do
- -chamber work; also dining-room work. . Box
; 8724. Call office. ...;;,:,¦,.• w ' •
BOOKKEEPER— Lady, experienced, thorough-
. •-¦ ly competent double entry bookkeeper, desires
'. position : '¦ best ' references ; ¦¦' salary. . moderate.
". ' Box ' 371 °. ' c aU ofHce. ¦ -.•¦*¦'¦'¦;¦¦¦.::.•,¦. :
.' DRESSMAKER and - seamstress; : children's
- '.suits/ gowns. etc.;$l 25 day. Box 3709, Call.
felTUATIOI>T ' to I cook for.' men \ In | camp, i mill
- '• or mines: can take charge of boarding-house."
; -Address box 3763, • Call ' of flee. .' '. ¦ -.-¦:¦ .
- AN American woman desires cooking and light
; , , housework for adults;. no postals;. wages $2 50
' : & week. . 320 ' Minna st. -.' ' : .- :>'.-". ; -.-.¦'¦¦>
; BOOKKEEPER and : typewriter. . lady, .. experl-
¦ enced, first-class double entry bookkeeper, de-
- ,, sires <¦ position; * understands . safeguard :.; and
corporation , systems and ' Is thoroughly com-
'• ¦ ' petent; can operate typewriter: Al references;
. . salary : $50 month. ,..' Box 3S42>~ Call ¦ office. ' ; . .
•• EXPERIENCED German. nurse wishes to take
7 care of invalid or Infant; .Oakland , or. the
. vicinity ¦ preferred ; wages ¦ $23. ; 1267 , Eleventh
1 ,'¦; St.," East, Oakland. :...;:/' -.¦..¦¦:.': ,'¦> ';¦ '.-W '¦'>.'"
" STRONG,' j willing ,. woman; i great housecleaner;
- " can,' do j most - any i kind ' of .work ; • good ; refer-,
i ' ences;.; wages $.1 . per -day . and > car, fare. Ji 88
¦'Third, room 10, upstairs; good flannel washer.':
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— FEMALE.
WOMAN wants work by the day washing. Ad-
dress MRS. G., 134 Erie st. i /,. I;. ¦',•'. .
TOUNG ' woman as nurse, . companion to " In-
valid or elderly lady or mother's help. Box
,\3731. Call, office.' : - ;,
A 'LADY, competent and obliging, wishes work
.^by the day; cooking or housework: 131 Wildey
K st.;..bet.: Bush- and -Pine, off Fillmore.',Y ".?„>'
COMPETENT woman would like housecleaning
¦< Tuesdays ¦ or ¦ Wednesdays ; day or half day.
j Address box B, Call branch office, 800 Hayes.
DRESSMAKING ; done ..very ¦> reasonable: also
plain sewing-. 601 Leavenworth at... corner
O'Farrell,. room 8. - — ¦
A WOMAN wants work by the day; cleaning
or office work. Address M. S., 152% Clara st.,
A YOUNG French woman would like to ¦ do
V- washing and : Ironing, by the day. Apply 316
Golden Gate ave. • - .
HOUSEKEEPING or any kind or respectable
"work; two girls from the country. 1008*4 Mar-
'. ket St.. room 4. - ¦ ¦ ~ ..
GOOD chambermaid and waitress wants place
. in small private boarding-house. Box 4504,
-Call office. , , .
"WOMAN wants, general housework and plain
cooking; good worker; wages $20 month. 76
Hermann st. ' : . ;
EXPERIENCED nurse with references wishes
a few more confinement cases. Address 1891
. Howard st. ¦;:¦•-.. . ¦ - . ,.¦•¦:•
YOUNG woman wants situation as housekeep- '
• er or chambermaid In rooming house. MVi
•Minna st. ¦-/. ,.'.-';. : '
TOUNG German -. girl wishes a ' position in
American family doing housework. ,17 Hollis.
YOUNG woman for general housework; wages
$20. 760A Howard st., from 4 to 9 p. m. • < •
LADY wishes -work part day In rooming-house.
¦ Lower bell, 513 Natonia st. . •¦¦ . -
FIRST-CLASS sklrtmaker wants position. Ad-
dress box 3735, Call office. ,.
SWEDISH woman wants work by the day
. washing and cleaning.- 663 Harrison St.,
EXPERIENCED steno., typist, bookkeeper;
J city or interior; references. Address room 55,
1236 Market st. : ¦ - -
YOUNG experienced German nurse -wishes" en-
gagements as lady's nurse. 1321 Mason- st.
WOMAN wants plain sewing to take honw.
Call 37 Ivy ave., upstairs. .¦¦¦ '
AN experienced nurse wishes position to care
for an Insane -person. Box 3835, Call office.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket-200 rooms; 25c to $1 CO per night ;$1 60 to
' f 6 week; convenient and respectable; fre» "bui
- and baggage to and from terry.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st. ¦
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
recel\ed at Call branch offl^. 2200 Ftllmore st.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— -MALE.
PRACTICAL miner wants position; thorough
mill man "on stamps or circular mills; had
experience on low-grade ores, also with mine
• development, the handling of men, . and is
¦capable of taking entire charge on free-mill-
ing- plant or construction; have, assay outfit
and transit; 'understands steam, water power
and compressed air;- tools and calculations;
reliable; reference. Address box 3982, Call.
! A RELIABLE man and wife wish to take
charge and do the work in a small place in
: the country or stock ranch; good references.
Address T. P.. 1519 Howard St.
SITUATION by an experienced salesman and
bookkeeper with references; no objection to
leaving city. Address H. E . box S941. Call.
WILL any Canadian put a i marrl*! fellow
" countryman in the way of work; office hand,
,but willing to do anything has strength for.
Box 3712. Call office. ,. : . **
GOOD office man wants work at anything not
too heavy, or he and wife would take charge
of lodging-house for owner on salary or com-
mission." Box 3711, Call office. ' ¦
NURSE with 2 -or 3 Hours' spare time after-
noon and evening. ¦ would care for invalid gen_
tleman; can give massage. Box 3707, Call.
BY a teamster— Permanent work: • knows city
thoroughly; careful and reliable. Box 150,
Call. , ¦
WANTED— Position by young German recent-
- ly arrived; city or country, store or farm.
Box 3701, Call. . ¦
RELIABLE man and wife wish positions to
.work in country or in city; best references.
Call 1138 Howard Bt. ' . , ¦
POSITION wanted by thoroughly reliable Scan-
dinavian on city or country place as coach-
man, gardener and general utility man; can
milk' and understands his business thor-
oughly; "references. Box 4502, Call office.-
UNDERTAKER, young man. wishes to learn
business; moderate terms to start. Address
. B.. box 4505, Call office.-
BUSINESS MEN-rThink what, this means; 2 I
young men came West to live; both 26, ex-
cellent references; one bookkeeper and office
.man; ether retail salesman; out of funds;
must have work at once; offer us anything
and at once. D. M. J., box 4506, Call office.
YOUNG man going East would care for In-
valid or be companion for fare. Box 4508, Call.
GOOD middle-aged hotel waiter desires steady'
posltion.% Address H. KIEHL, . New Atlantic
• Hotel. 207 Montgomery ave. -
WANTED— Position as watchman; can take
charge stationary engine ; 12 years' experi-
' ence; reference. .958 Mission st.
PIANO player, good musician, . wants engage-
. ment: no objection to country. Box 37U, Call.
WANTED— Physician of ability wants position
with high class advertising medical . business
in city; first ' class references given.- T. E.,
Box 39S5. Call, office. S
FIRST-CLASS cutter and practical tailor of
: ladles' < garments wishes a position in a good
ihouse; able to take full charge. Box 3750
{ Call office. '- - '. . ¦ ' •¦ ¦ ' -
• WANTED— By a young • man, position as
shipping or billing clerk: 7 years in freight
department of railroad. Box 3S34. Call office.
WANTED— Position by young man ,'jta book-
¦ ¦ keeper or assistant: 5 years* experience in
' East. Box 3758. Call office. ( ,
! BAKER, practical man; first class on ¦ bread
and cakes, good ornamenter, wants job; re-
sort or good country shop; wages moderate.
. Address Baker. P. p., Soquel. Santa Cruz Co.
YOUNG gentleman of good habits and ability
; desires position in office or as cashier of
> good business house; thoroughly, experienced;
best references. Box 3760, Call office.
. ACCOUNTANT. . cashier. . correspondent. 27,
: competent and experienced* office manager;
< "absolutely highest Indorsements. Box 3759,
Call office. ¦•¦¦'¦¦¦..-. ~-
*' SITUATION wanted In country; has had ex-
perience; understands fermenting tanks or
oil' tanks;' also mason" and cement worker.
1 Box 3952. Call office. .;.
7 '
'. GENTLEMAN at present employed by large
'. firm wishes- position in small house . to do
? bookkeeping and general office work; com-
petent. J. FOX. 720 Golden Gate ave.
" JAPANESE wants a position In small family
as school boy near Lowell High School. T.
K.. 121 Haight st. v . ¦;
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
Fubscrlptipns ' has been established at 1O»6
, Valencia 'st. '-
" '^ LEATHERS RENOVATED. -
FEATHER : pillows & mattresses steamed, reno-
. vated. E.J.O'Rourke.1393 Valencla;tel.Capp 2682.
FINANCIAL.
.' PACIFIC Coast Underwriting Co. (Inc.)— We
have 42 offices in operation: new method of
placing stocks and bonds; companies incor-
porated; stocks and bonds underwritten. Call
» or address main of flee, , C07-8-9 Parrott bldg.
H FLATS ;. TO | LET. § '-, \ - f.- \ \ \ J !
" A— 3-ROOM new flat,. partly furnished; good
.yard; rent $6 month; water free; fine view;
- No. 21 Holly st.;' B0 feet from Mission' cars,
. -opposite Thirty-third & Mission; no children.
( COLE, cor. Oak— Two elegant sunny flats; tiled
a bathrooms and _' sinks;- beamed' and frescoed
ceilings ;. looking out on 'Park; marble '.vesti-
a bule; furniture for sale, which" Is new and
artistically selected:' open 7 between 10 and 4
'o'clock every day. t Key. at 409 Cole st./
o ELEGANT sunny flat, corner ¦ Twenty-fourth
x and Castro; 7 rooms. : bath, modern in every
1 respect; rent -only -*25. BALDWIN &
- HOWELL, :10 Montgomery st- " ¦ ' : ;
L_. « ¦ ¦ _' — ! ; — — ; — — —
¦ EDDY, ' 751, ¦ near ; Van Ness ave.— A ; well \ ar-
». . ranged . upper ' flat of 9 rooms and bath: cen-
trally located. SHAINWALD, BUCKBEE &
¦" ': CO. i' 218-220- Montgomery : St. . " -.-¦ "'¦;•
1. SUNNY flats of ; 4 rooms ; newly painted and
- - papered; yard, cellar; 33, 39, '41 Bruce place.
l \ .between Seventh and Eighth sts., ' off Folsom
*• ; and Harrison aves. ; rent $S and $9. , . . ¦ -
7 WORTH,". 3," nr. 22d and Douglass, 'bet: 21st and
!i : : ;• 22d— Upper , flat 4 rooms and bath ; ; large yard
* f .and chicken-house; $10.' • :'-¦
|~ BAKER and- Kulton, NW. ' corner — Sunny,
modern 7-room flat; 'rent reasonable. ¦ Key at
!^ ;.601iBaker st. '¦'•:;¦ -;,:,¦ - ...; . :'. ¦ :
l " BEAUTIFUL," new 7, , 8 and 8' rooms; marine
'! ;> view ;• owner ; " there 10 to 4; ,Van Ness and
i' .,,.-?'".':•. -V.j;; .'-¦,-¦.-•..•¦.. ',*.. :.:¦*..-......¦'. _. ._
¦ e ' PINE," 2132— 6 rooms,'- bath; ;,all modern;- large
'® ¦•¦ ' back yard ; ¦ fine basement.' Inquire , of • owner,
° ,- 2134 Pine st. -;.:':.
~ A— RENT reduced; new; marine vle-w; 8 rooms;
\ ' :s bath.: !•_ 2414 .Van < Ness ave/, 'y near , Union > st. ¦,.". i
58' A— Four ! brand ; new ¦ flats, 8 ; rooms/ bath each,
r [¦?. 1182 , to i 1192 1 Ellis i st.. ; near , Gough. s . .
- FLATS TO '\ LET-— Conxli»nejL, ___
FLATS to let^ rooms; low rent. 1345 Pactfie
, st, near Leave'nworth. • ' : ¦ .
FLAT of 4 rooms; rent $14. .401 Oak St.. cor-
ner Laguna. r . .•"-¦:. ' ¦ '•* '.
FLAT 6 rooms and bath.: 4059 Nineteenth St.,
• near Castro. ¦ . ¦ -¦_";
FLAT of B sunny rooms and bath, yarl *nd
basement. 134 Page at. - T : ¦ ¦ - '
LOWER flat, two rooms. 2 Martha place, near
:*. Geary and Taylor sts. ;
NICE, sunny furnished flat of 4 rooms. Apply
641 Natoma st.
SUNNY bay-window flat. 3 rooms; bath; water
free. Key at 524 Fellat v ' : ¦¦¦'.'
FINE sunny 5-room flat, $14; cheap; save car
fare. 3 Fine place, off Pine St.. near Mason.
SUNNT, lower flat of 6 rooms and bath. Cor-
' : ner Market and Laguna sts. , ¦¦".¦._! _
SUNNT flat. 5 good rooms; porcelain bathr,
¦-¦¦ open plumbing; 118. 1404 Paclflc St.. nr. Hroa.
O'FARRELL. 1929-1935— Modern Hat*: 5 and «
, rooms, bath, yard, basement; reasonable.
$18-SUNNY upper flat. 5 rooms, bath and
yard. 18 Shotwell st. '
*FIiATS TO : LET— FURNISHED.
$Tbo"casH and I "$100~lrt~eaTy "monthly install-
ments will buy an elegantly furnished four-
room flat; furniture new; cost $«0; P**?/
leaving; rent $22. 710 Jones st., netr tfce
Plpasanton. . • -. .
NEWLY furnished flat complete. 8 rooms. 1453
O'Farrell St.; between 11 and 2. _________
FLATS WASTED. -
WANTED— Unfurnished flat of 1 or 8 roorai and
bath, near Park; rent hot over $30; oa long
term. Address, box 8917. Calt of floe.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FOUR furnished rooms. $50; rent $10; on* room
rents, for $5; sun all day; must move; bar-
. gain. 1007H Folsom st.. close to Sixth..
FURNITUBE, carpets and draperies of ,8-room
upper flat on Devlsadero it for sale; flat to
rent Apply at 53 Flood building. >
CORNER flat of 6 rooms, furnished complete:
• waterj free; rent $20; 2 rooms rent :Ior *10
each. 874 Howard st ..
ELEGANT furniture of 9 rooms, complete ;
used only few months; snap; Installments.
Box 3722. Call office.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak. $48 50. with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co., 1127-1131 Market.
LOT of second-hand carpets for sale this week.
Cal. Carpet Cleaning Co.. 829 Guerrero St. %
FURNITURE WANTED.,
CAL Auction Co., 1462 Market— Buys furniture,
merchandise, etc ; phone Jessie 2071.
Auctioneer; "W". P. Beauchamp, 2 Golden Gate
ave. ; tel. Jessie 126; furniture, mdse., bought.
BEFORE selling your furniture, see Abram'a
Auction House. 1105 Mission Tel. Jessie 1160.
"WANTED — Furniture 5 or 7 rooms; must be
cheap. ¦ Box 3706, Call office. /
TEL. Jessie 761 before selling furniture, car-
pets. pianos, etc. CHAS. LEVY, 1135 Market.
BEFORE disposing of your furniture see
-Golden Gate Auction Co.. 923 Howard at. -
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission st. pays highest
price for second-hand furniture; tel. lied 1354.
. Auctioneer— L. Vincent. 1305 Larkln; tel.Polk 694:
furniture and furn'd houses bought; spot cash.
GLOVES.
D. & F. new $1 glove, retailed at factory price:
. warranted: kept in repair. 121 Grant ave.
HELP WANTED— FEMALffi^
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO. 'S.... Phone Grant 183
: . - HOTEL DEPARTMENT.
> For Southern California.
5 waitresses, new cafe, San Diego $25
¦ Start Monday night Half fare paid
3 waitresses, Los Angeles, free fare $25
. Fancy ironer, San Diego, half fare paid.. $35
60 waitresses to book for hotels south
Waitress. Hollister, fare paid $20
! 5 waitresses, Sacramento .¦ $23
2 waitresses, Woodland, see party here $20
Waitress, Berkeley $20
"Waitress. St. Helena Fare paid $20
"Waitress, Auburn, fare paid '. $3)
2 waitresses, Santa Cruz, fare one way. ...$30
Waitress, San Mateo, see party here $20
Waitress, institution, country $23
: Waitress, Marysvllle, fare paid $20
j 10 waitresses, city .....$20
Danish cook, Santa Barbara ...$35
FAMILY DEPARTMENT.
Housegrirl, Los Angeles, fare paid $23
Nursegirls, ranch, country $12
i -Housegirl, Tres Pinos. fare paid |2*>
HoU3egirls. 2nd girls, nurses, cooks.. $10, $30
C. R. HANSEN & CO. ¦ 104 Geary st.
i A SCANDINAVIAN girl for cooking ar.d house-
i work; $25; small American family; office fee
paid by lady. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 101
Geary st. 'i
' A REFINED American nurseglrl ; $15; office
. fee paid by lady. C. It. HANSEN & CO.. 104
; Qeary st. A ' ____^^
' 2 COMPETENT girls ; T Bame house; downstairs
. and 2nd girl and nurse; office fee paid by lady.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
; WANTED— Cook for Menlo Park, j see pa-ty
-' here Monday.. 1 o'clock. $35; cook ar.d second
girl, same house, city, 830 and $C0; waitress for
summer resort, $25: cook for 25 people in
country. $33; 2 kitchen maids in institution,
• $20; 7 waitresses for city and country hotels,
$20, $25; man and wife as cook and waitress,
country hotel, $55; German or French nursery
governess, $25; 80 girls- for all kind* of gen-
eral housework, city and country. ?2!>, $25. $30.
Call early Monday morning. J. F. CROSETT
6 CO., 316 Sutter st. , ,
i TWO cooks for city. $30; cook for Ulevedere.
, $35; 3 cooks for Ahtmeda, $25 and $30; 2 house- !
girls for Alameda. $25; 4 housegirls, Oakland,
• « $25; 5 housegirls. country. $23; 20 hous?Rlrl3.
f city. $25: 6 second girls, $25 and $20: middle-
l asre<3 woman, housework for one lady, $15.
) MISS HORGAN. 323 Sutter st.
• SUCCESS, success, success— McDowell Dress-
s making and Millinery school Is mestlng with
t unusual success in all depta. : millinery course
unequaled; increasing corps of teachers: depot
for late patterns; Paris and K. Y. styles; 10
eeamsts. wanted, work in families. 1019 Mkt.
$25 TO $35 per' week guaranteed: 5 ladies and
: 3 gentlemen; theatrical sketch: ric previous
1 experience necessary. Caldwell College of Ora-
tory and Acting. Hoover Hall, 1337 Market st.
'. LADIES to sell Ratzel Adjustable Olsve-flttlntr
Petticoat: new; big profits. Room 420. 218
'' - South Broadway, Los Angeles. Cal.
; BXPF.RIENCED hands and apprentices on
men's neckwear; steady work; best pay. L.
- SAMTER & SON, 518 Market St.
; MIDDLE- AGED woman as housekeeper ; care
of children; wages $10 to $12; good home.
Call at 4088 Twenty-sixth st.
- YOUNG girl to pres3 children's wear; one who
r who can sew on machine preferred. 220 Sut-
ter st., room 28. '
- STENOGRAPHER to receive callers: nice of-
s fice. Hoover University of Physic*.! Culture,
0 - 1327 Market Et ¦ - ¦
_¦ GOOD girl wanted in bindery. MYSELL-ROL-
- . LINS CO.. 22 Clay st.
1 . '. — ~7~- . \ ¦ . ¦
' CHAMBERMAID wanted. 1035 Market St.
7 COMPOSITOR, experienced on catalogue work.
J FREYGANG-LEARY CO., 112 Davis st.
WANTED— Woman of ability; able to direct
3 ' from ten to twenty employes. Box 3713. Call.
J GIRLS and women wanted." Long Syrup Re-
fining Co.. .Eighth and Brannan sta.
: - APPRENTICES for ' ladles' tailoring; paid
= ¦ while learning: steady. 819 Post st. .
GIRL for general housework. $20; 3 adults; no
e windows. Monday forenoon, 1638 Grove St.
f V? ANTED— Young girl to assist with house-
[1 work. 2829 Bush st.
'•• GIRL to assist with ; housework. 1325 Deyisa-
5 dexo at. ; '-"¦
d A FEW more women and girls are wanted to
' cut fruit at Los Gatos Canneries; experience
'* not necessary, and ordinarily active person
l * can earn good wages: only intelligent white
d help employed; no lifting require*!; the fruit
a is brought to workers' seats; a good opportu-
i. nlty for an outing in the courtry and a
a chance" to earn good wages in the meantime.
4 For further information apply - at office
HOOKE-FIELD CO.. 220 Market et., room 12.
h '¦'-'¦ ' — ¦' " "¦ .: ' ¦ '
y _ ¦ . "._ , . —"
EXPERIENCED cannera for - fruit: steady
- work; highest wages. Apply Calif ornia . Can-
r- neries Co., 425 Brannan at.
i- '•¦'• — ~~ '¦- ' •
& •; — ; — ; — i — - . . -- — ~ — ™ ' ~~"
_ WANTED immediately, uw omen and- girls to
d work on fruit: steady, work; highest wagea
», paid. - California Canneriea Co., 423 Bran-
n nan st. . - *.
id WANTED— Women and girls to work on fruit:
•d steady work; highest wage*- paid. Apply
. American Fruit ¦ Packing • Co.. J Ha rrison ave.,
- off Fojcom st, bet. Seventh -and Eighth.
jr, . — 1 ¦
U A LADY of • indomitable energy, jaossessed of
self-assertion; good opportunity to light par-
- ty: F. PERSON, room 412, Parrott building.
id WANTED— Young girl for general housework;
, wages $15. : 2712 Folsom st . ' . '
GERMAN girl wanted 'to do general house-
r, ..work.. 2109. Taylor st. : : ' '-.-.";•.
_> LADY, for housekeeping: take care of J chil-
s; .dren. 1S% Moss st. MRS. WIL5ON.
_ WANTED — Experienced ; operator | on women'i
h. wrappers ; steady work ; electric | power ; good
pay. MARKS BROS., 1213 Market et. .
WANTED-Women wd rfr^to work on frnlt:
I^clatTonr^oer Francisco and Taylor ,ts.
WOMEN and girls waljTed to work on fruit:
at »nf!v work at good wages. Appiy ac tui>
TLXO BRANCH! -California J™'< Canners-
Association, corner Seventh and Berry sta.
CLASSIFIED advertisements * n J^^fl£"°°"
received at CaU branch office. BOO FWmorejt.
\ '¦-;•:¦¦ HELP WANTED-MAUI.
A— MTTRRAY & READY :"J h £P e ¥ a! ", S84S
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
SPECIAL. TO-DAY-SUNDAY ..
......Office open 7 a. m. to-day (Sunday) ......
5000 R. R- men wanted Free Fare
Los Angeles
S. P R R. Co.'a own work
;.... Santa Barbara
Ukiah
....* Cal. & NW. R. R. ••
Ukiah -
Santa. Fe R. R
75 teamsters, Uklah Tee far*
100 laborers. Uklah \"C','$ Z 7
60 steel, track and ballast men, Uklah; car-
load laborers. 9. P. R. R. Co.'s work. $1 ...
..".TT.WE SHIP TO-DAY-SUNDAY
.'. MECHANICAL HELP
Wheelwright, $2 60 day; woodworker, small
country shop. $50 and found; spool tender. $4a
and found, see boss here; bolt and rivet
maker, $3 day; rough carpenter, mining com-
pany. 175: harness maker,, canu> near city.
$35 and found: gang edgerman; blacksmith •
and heloer. same ranch. $45 and $30 and
found- blacksmith, country shop, 3 day; 7
blacksmiths and shoers. different country
10 laborers, no experience required, for a new
mine. $60; 5 laborers for & mine, $2 50 fare.
$60- 10 laborers large company. Shasta Co..
$2 25 day; 50 laborers to dig ditches and cut
brush. 33 day, $37 60 and found; 259 laborers,
i^^OS^^^^.^'liw^^WORic
10 laborers to work In mills, yards and woods,
no experience necessary. $26 and found, see
boss here; 10 laborers for the woods, $30, see
boss here- 5 lumber pliers, $35 and found;
crosscut sawyers; 2 men to clear land, $40 and
found; 4 graders. $2 25 day; powder men, $2 23
flay: 10 drillers, $2 50 and $2 25 day ........
FARMS DAIRIES HARVEST
15 farm hands, steady Jobs. $26 and $30; «
pruners, apricot trees; 9 orchard hands, $25
and $30: sack filler. $2 day; « men for thresh-
er 60c fare, $1 50 day; 85 men, hay and har-
vest $1 25 to $2 50 day; 14 milkers. 130 to $(0;
9 hay balers, 20c ton and $3 day; 2 sheep
herders. $25 and $30; farmer and wife, easy
job •• * 39
MISCELLANEOUS
Driver, wholesale milk route, $40 and found:
6 men for grain warehouse on a large ranch.
$40 and found, steady Job; butcher and drive,
wagon near city, $30 and found; 5 warehouse
men, $3 day; teamsters, $3 and $4 day; boys
for peddling wagon; married driver, mllK
route, $55; photographer, country. $30 and
found; .men to bottle beer, no experience, J2
day • .*......
Working foreman, small ranch, see boss here.
..BAKERS AND HOTEL DEPARTMENT..
Cook for boarding-house, large Company, $60;
4 bakers.* country. $60. $30 and $35: 3 bakers'
helpers, $25 and $30; cook and wife, country
hotel; cook, small orchard, $25 ;• 7 ranch
eookg; 12 waiters, city and country; porter;
vepetablemen and kitchen hands, etc
>1TJRRAY & READY 634-636 Clay St.
A— TO-DAY (SUNDAY)
.•...;. To-Day (Sunday)
To-Day (Sunday)
Office open 7 a. m
At C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S 104 Geary St.
Wanted— SCO teamsters, laborers, trackmen,
splkers, strappers, section men, tunnelmen,
rockmen, drillers, hammersmen, stonemasons
and helpers and blacksmiths.
.For S. P. and Santa Fe systems........
. and Cal. and N. W. Ry. at
Uklah
Truckee ..*.
Nevada
Coast Line ...................
Bakersfleld
:. Chatsworth Park
Santa Barbara Division
' Wages $175 to $4 a day
Free fare Ship to-day Free fare
Office open to-day (Sunday..
20 laborers, pick and shovel work, for large
electrical company, $2 25 a day, fare paid....
Secrnd cook, $35; night cook. $25: waiter.
$25; for railroad camp, south, free faro
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary «t-
AT THE CALIFORNIA EMP. AGENCY.
¦ ¦ 69 Third st., phone Bush 405.
60 R. R. laborers, L. A. and Santa Barbara
it divisions of S. P. Co.'s own work.....
• ....'........ $175 and $2 50 per day
50 ttamsters and laborers, Ukiah.. $2 per day
FREE FARE.
$1 office fee: r\o other expense.
20 carpenters, country $3 JO per day
. 50 ahovelers, country $2 25 per day
5 harvest hands $2 per day
5 men to feed hay press $3 to $4 per aay
10 lumber pliers $J5 per month and found
Miner for quartz gold mine.. $2 day and board
2 waiters, colored, city
1 four-horse teamster, steady Job, country..
.'. $40 per month and found
Office open Sunday till .12 m.
S. F. EMPLOYMENT OFFICE. 633 Clay St.—
Tramsters for city $450 day
Carpenters for city $3 50 day
E0 R. R. laborers, Santa Barbara, free fare
50 R. R. laborers. Santa Fe free fare
150 laborers, sawmill ship Thursday
JOURNEYMEN Barbers' International Union—
iree employment. ' 927 Market St.. room 207.
I. LESS. Secretary; telephone Jessie 1176.
CIVIL Service Government positions — About
9500 appointments last year; probably 10,000
this yearf only common school education re-
• quired: catalogue of Information free. Colum-
bian Correspondence College. Washington, D. C.
YOUNG man wanted for outside work in city:
salary $60 monthly; commission and expenses:
must be energetic and In position to Invest
few hundred dollars (returnable); exceptional
opening for right man. Address box 4474. Call.
SIX first-class solicitors to work In the city
and country towns; business is of vast Im-
portance to merchants and property owners
and easily presented: commercial men can
handle successfully. Address box 3730. Call.
WANTED— Young man for office work; must
be good penman. ' accurate at figures and fur-
nish first-class references. Apply at superin-
tendent's office. Emporium, this morning be-
fore 10 o'clock.
A YOUNG man to sell tickets with a traveling
entertainment: must have $30 cash: rare op-
portunity. Address J. J. MACK. 31S Thir-
teenth St., Oakland. Car.
WANTED— Experienced reliable carpenter for
cottage near Affiliated Colleges; also ener-
getic helper, with tools. Call at 153 Octavla
st.. afternoon.
: — : 1
WANTED— A bright. Intelligent boy. under 18;
small salary to start; position permanent.
. Address box 3723, Call office.
WANTED— Elevator boy; must be over IS and
have good references. S. & G. GUMP CO..
113 Geary st. .
WANTED— Young man with some cash; $30
month and board; no experience. 496 Fourth
st. ; restaurant. .
JEWELERS. 823 Bush st.. third floor, room 4.
WANTED— An experienced driver for one-horse
truck In city. Address box 3738. CaU office.
BARBER wanted; married man; free living
rooms. FRITZ. 1128 J st.. Sacramento. CaL
GENT for comedy; singer preferred. Apply
STERETTS. Monday noon. 933 Market st.
WANTED— Strong boy about 16 years for office.
workman Sunday morning. 8 to 12. 127 Mason.
WANTED- A few Jobbers for Jewelry trade.
17 Lick place. Lick House.
BOY to learn carriage trimming. 33 Beala
street.
WANTED— A sole leather cutter and fitter. 28
Main st. Wentworth-Switzer Shoe Co.
SEVERAL gTjod clerical positions open. Call
j at 1008% Market- St.. room. 4. -
! STRONG boy to learn candy trade. Apply
I 1160 Valencia st. ' __
WANTED— Married couple to take charge ot
ranch; wife to do cooking. Box 4503. Call.
WANTED— Good9dlnner waiter, at 304 Mason
!., street.
¦ •¦ BOY for plumbing shop. Call before 3 o'clock
I at 623 Davis St.
• ACTIVE young man, handy with tools, to help
i carpenter. Apply 1622 Powell st.
. WAITER wanted at 1224 Point Lobos ave.;
> Geary cars. t ' W : :¦
WANTED— Young man to help on cakes. 2803
Twenty-fourth st. ¦ > ¦ $ ¦ .
GAMEKEEPER wanted; calif at 11 a. m. L.
-H. HANSEN. 777 Market st.
FIRST-CLASS cook wanted; good pay. Peo-
ple's Restaurant. 631 Clay st.
WANTED — A Junior hand for cloihlnsc and
furnishing goods. 710 Montgomery st.
( .
WANTED— Competent drug clerk; must come
;| well recommended. Address box 4507, Call.
! WANTED— Industrious men - and women la
every ¦ town to work for .us at home. No
canvassing. .. We will send work any dis-
- tance. Have several - lines of work to giv*
cut ; some ¦ requires ¦ no experience. .If you
can't devota the < whole day to our ' work. ¦
> you can earn $5 or $8 a> week by working an
1 hour, .' or two evenings.'. .Address Standard
Mf*. Co.. ltt West JM it.. New Tort.For Addition al Classified • Advortlau-
' .' xnenta S«e Fag* Thirty,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 28^ 1901.
29
' . PAINTERS; AND 'DECORATORS."
ROOMS papered from, $3 50 up; tinting done.
Hartmann Paint Co.. 319 3d at.;' tel.' Red 3521.
.-..•'•.¦. .: ; .. palmistry. ' ': ¦ .
MRS. LAMB, scientific palmist; head and face
' reading; lessons given. 617 Jones st > ;
MME. GERMAINE, the business palmist of
the Pacific Coast; 1 to 5. 906 Market Bt.
H. JEROME .FOSELLI, scientific palmist, Bli
Taylor st. bet. Geary and Post; tel. Black 561. ¦
. ., .. PARTNERS WANTED.
WANTED— A', partner for manufacturing lever
buggies; - profitable business; $200 to ¦ $400 i re-
quired ; lady or gent I JOHN \ SCOTT, 2929
Mission st. . i . . ¦¦•'-..
. . PERSONALS. ; .
FREE— Success in : life can only be obtained
through influence; will send absolutely free
a 100-page book which explains all the secrets
of hypnotism. I personal magnetism and mag-
netic healing; tells how to cure diseases and
bad habits, enables you to win and hold, the
love and respect of. others; anybody can
, learn In a few days; we guarantee success;
write to-day. Address New York Institute
of Science, Dept. 117-T. Rochester. . N..iY.
I YOUNG , man, • 35 " can give the ¦ best of refer-
ence, has a position $S5 month, has his . home
partly paid for, wishes to meet a young lady,
respectable,, that has her home or a few
hundred dollars; object matrimony. Box 3705,
Call office. • . -;. :
WANTED— Experienced manager for special
branch of our business extending over Coast
'and Hawaiian Islands. If mutually agreeable
party may purchase one-half interest of this
branch. State experience, ability, . age, etc.
A. B., Box 3756 Call office, y. -v \
A— IF your hair is falling or you are bald, call
on DR. O. S.' MOORE. 4S8 Geary St.. and you
will not be disappointed; this remedy is posi-
tively guaranteed: preparation sent to all
parts of the world; call or send for circular.
ALL scalp Impurities cured; hair grown; sham-
'pooing 25c: superfluous hair removed with
electricity by an expert; free treat. , to show
the curative power of my electric radiator;
agts. wanted. Mrs. E. R. Dunlap, 34 Kearny.
OUR new book free, sealed, fully Illustrated,
treats all conditions of men. how to attain
"Perfect Manhood;" should be In the hands
of every male adult. Address ERIE
MEDICAL CO., "Book Dept," Buffalo, N. Y.
MARRY rich— 20-pajre matrimonial paper with
. description and address of all lady and gentle-
men advertisers; many .wealthy: 10c. copy.
Special Introduction Co., box 121, Oakland,
Cal. ' ¦ ¦ -,,.¦-
YOUNG widow would like to form the ac-
quaintance of elderly gentleman; no objec-
. tion groins to the country; object matrimony.
Box 3701. Call office. <
$17 50— SOLID oak bedroom set; plate mirror.
$1— Solid oak chair; factory price.'- i .
$2 — Enamel beds, all sizes. Tel. Folsom 1328.
Searey's Credit House, 1429 Mission, nr. 10th.
ELECTRIC light in every room— Winchester
Hotel, 44 Third st, near Market: 700 rooms;
25c to $1 60 per night; $150 to $6 per week;
free "bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
RAG carpets wove to order and for sale: also
chen Ule- wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer In
carpet twine, in hank or chain, at lowest
• rates. GEO. MATTHEWS, 709 Fifth. Oakland.
$1 WEEKLY— Suits to order from genuine
Scotch, $15 up; fine dress suits, $20 up; els-
Bant overcoats, $15 up. LEON LEMOS. 1117
Market St., between Seventh and Eighth.
CANCER cured at home by internal treatment;
no knire. plaster or pain; book and testi-
monials mailed free. Cancer Institute. 121
-.West Forfy-jtecond st. N. Y.
ASTHMA and hay fever cured without change
of climate; send" or call for Alexander Sure
Cure: city testimonials. ALEXANDER S.
C. 648 Valencia st.
KODAK developing by experts: up to 4x5; only
25c roll ; mall orders a specialty. Rembrandt
Studio, 850 Market, cor. Stockton; upstairs.
WHITE "enamel Iron beds. Plnsle, three-quarter
or double, $2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO.. 1310-1312 Stockton st.. near Broadway.
HIGH-CLAFS violin lessons; asrreeable methoil
for beginners. ANTOINE MEDER, 320 Van
Ness ave. '
LARGE sale of real estate August 3, 1901, at
private sale. ' See ad In Chronicle. F. A.
HIHN.
HARRY— Well, sweetheart, why this awful
I silence? -Very lonesome..'.-. JOSIE.
MATERNITY Villa— Strictly private: terms rea-
sonable. Mrs. Dr. Funke, 1416 Sth st, Alameda.
LADY wants a home for giving piano les~ms.
Box 3763. Call office. >
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates; 10
years' experience. J. B. RAY. 836 Mission 6t.
SUPERFLUOUS hatr and moles destroyed with
electric needle. MISS EATON, U10 Sutter st.
TAILOR made suits, $7 50: dress pants. $2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
OLD gold, silver, diamonds and precious stones
bought. J. R. JENKEL. 817 Market st.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books. w1k»;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
DR. LAMOTTE'S French Corn Paint, the best
corn cure; 25c; all druggists. - . ,
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages.. In wrapper for mailing. $1 per year.
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS. "'
DrVc. cTcyboNNELL^Of flee and residence,
1021 Market st, between Sixth and Seventh.
DR. WONG HIM, " herb doctor, successfully
treats all diseases of the human -body; see
testimonials at office. 115-117 Mason, nr. Ellis.
A— DR. WONG WOO. herb doctor: sanitarium,
7B4-7B6 Clay nt. : sea testimonials at office.
PILES, i
NEARLY 1000 permanent cures here In your'
midst; many who have suffered 20 to 30 years;
over 50 names . of prominent business men
sent as reference; no chloroform, surgery or
delay from business, and no salves for sale.
Particulars address Physician, box 19S0 Call
. offlpe. B. F.. Cal.
PROPERTY WANTED.
HAVE you a vacant lot to sell? I want to
build a home; state price and location of lot.
Box 4414. Call office.
HAVE you vacant property for- sale? I can
deal with you if price and location are right.
Box 4413, Call office.
COTTAGE or flats: not exceeding $3000. Z.
KEAN, 320 Elchth avenue.
jtBAL ¦ ESTATE-— CITY--F(>R _. SALE.
BALDWIN & HOWELL.
10 Montgomery st.
$11,000— Bush st, near Leavenworth; 30x137:6;
large house.
$2400 — Rents $34 ; Harrison st. ; 2 houses.
$500 cash— No, 126 Clipper st; new cottage.
$5200— Reduced ; Oak St.; "2 flats; bargain.
$6500— Filbert st. near Mason; flats and house.
$35,000— Rents $200; Mission st : 4-story brick.
$14, GOO— Rents $105; Bush st. corner: store, etc.
$6000— Rents $62 50; 3 flats; Larkln Bt,
$140,000— Rents $10,000 a year; Geary st. - ,'¦',
15600— Pierce st. ; new Eastlake residence.
$775O^-Rents $80; Grove st, near City Hall.
$fi000^-Nlnth St.. near Folsom; 9 rooms.
J750Q— McAlllster-st. corner; store and Hat.
$9000— Rents $80; Dryant-sl. corner; 75x75.
$3500— Folsom-st. cottage; 7 rooms and bath.
• ' $4500— Leavenworth-<Bt. corner house; 48x63:9.
$4250— Rents $45; Clay St.: near Mason.
$3500 — Cottage, 6 rooms; Oak and Ashbury sts.
$7000— Hayes St.; 3 flats; rents $70; bargain, fjj
BALDWIN & HOWELL, 10 Montgomery St.,
Offer .Installment Lots,
! $300'' to ?500 each.
Kansas, Eighteenth, Nineteenth -and Twen-
, tlcth v sts., near Union Iron Works; -Immediate
i possession gl\W on payment of $50 cash; bal-
ance payable $10 per month; you can build at
once; diagram at office.' . -
Choice Sunset Installment lots and new cot-
tages just finished on easy terms; prices moder-
ate; payments only $10 per month;: lots level;
on official- grade;, streets macadamized: grift,
water and mall service.; Nlnetecnth-ave. boule-
vard; H at. and Park .entrance; al»o Eighth,
Ninth and Tenth 'aves. Call at branch office,
corner at H st, and Ninth ave., south of Golden
Qat« Park; open every day. Hundny* and holi-
days. BALDWIN & HOWELL,
. " ' ¦ 10 Montgomery St. •
••" SPECIAL BARGAINS.
Exceptional bargain— Mission st., near 4th;
ISxlCO feet to J« ule st.
Corner Clay . st. and Central ave. ; ' 180x88:6
streets all bltumlntsed..' ' ;, •
Jackson St., near Van Ness av«, ; elegant re«l>
deuce ; every modern convenience;. ' 14 . rooms
•nd two tut 1 1-iM ; furncoc; every room sunny;
foreclosure tale; your own price; see this at
DAVIDSON^ LEiail, 30 Montgomery st. ¦
HAWKS A BKELTON. V / ... r ,. .
Itents Collcctod and , ICntlre Charge Taken -
i. ¦•... »¦ of Property.
$270O--Pftys bl~ Interest;- Zoo, near Third and
Bryant; rent" $360 per. annum; tn good order.
$6000— 'ValenelR-st. Investment; S good houses;
rents $45: lot alono worth the price. •¦
-Choice lots: Hyde and .Francisco: 13,mlnuteg
from our 1 office (superb <vlew of bay; corner;
35x112; $3500;- 'nslde lots, $1750. '•
•$3000— Lot nn south side Chestnut st., west ot
Hyde; 27:6x110; line view of bay. >
' $1200— Lot Stockton. . near ¦; Chestnut; 22x63;
flats here will pay • big Income. •:, ¦
, ' $1500— Lot ' on . north : side Fulton, . near ! First
ave. ; facing' park;, on oar line. ;
$3500— Lot In Potrero, corner Vermont and So-
lano; 100x110: . street graded and sowered. t '
HAWKS'— SKELTON*. 823 Montgomery St.
JttN-i-i ..I ¦¦ j hii ¦ 1111 m Hiiiiifcimfii-iiiih A ifaiilii ¦ >^»n t_-*-i i_t_.h*HT
HELP W^TEP--^>1AX,IS---Co_.
GENTLEMAN of Indomitable energy ana push-
good vjpportunlty to right man. F. PERSON
room 412. Parrott building. «*>«*.
TRUSTWORTHY persons In each Btaft* to
manage business ot wealthy corporation: sal-
ary US cash each; Wednesday from head-
quarters; expense money advanced. Man-
ager. £3 Carton building. Chicago.
WANTED— Immediately; 200 first-class labor-
ers; good pay; pood food; long job; frt» med-
ical attendance; dally mall? Apply to E.
MARRE _ BRO.. Jackson. Ama.of ( Cocaty.
WANTED— Trustworthy, man partner with
rf»P*ctable lady In No. 1 c*«h Tbuslncs?
clear* $200 per month; $_0 reculreiL f_j
Kearny Et, room 435.
?* EN \-- a boys to work In bottling ©stab-
TOUNO man to assist In notion store, who has
nafl some experience on chow windows and as
salesman; state experience, ability, refer-
ences. age, etc H. F.. box 373». Call office
BOY to assist In store and run erranCs- well
recommended. 635 Valencia ct .
T S E u^a E y r a1 r i6?, C ta-gT^. 1 * »»'
WANTED— An experV-nced driver for one-horse
truck tn city. Address box 3738. Call office.
ALL elzes men's ehoes, slightly dtm&fnd, half
price. {.63 Mission Et, bet 1st and Id 6ts.
PRACTICAL gardener wanted; elnsli man.
215 Hares ft. -
WANTED— At Master Bakers' Protective Asso-
clatlon, foreman, second and third bread
bakers; also confectioner" ; good pay; perma-
rent positions. 127 Mason st.
SALESMAN wanted experienced In th* hand-
ling of cloves and ribbons at retail; state last
position. Address P. N. _ CO.. box 3755 Call.
YOUNO man for jewelry store; hours Urn.
till » p. in.; permanent position end good
chance to learn business. Box S3S4. Call.
WHEELWRIGHT for carriage *n& wagon
works. 1507 California st
NIGHT Fte ward In large restaurant: must
have references. Box 8745. Call office
YOUNO man to do Janitor work for tuition In
San Francisco Barber School. 741A Hovrard.
MEN to learn barber trade: positions at $60
monthly secured after eight weeks' practice;
two years' apprenticeship sa\-ed; elimina-
tions and diplomas given free; compltrte out-
fit of tools donated; wages while learning;
more calls for our graduates than can b-t sup-
plied; call or write at once for free catalogue
rand ez>eclal offer. 11OLER BARBElt COL-
LEGE, C35 Clav at. •
WANTED— Recruits for the marine con*. U.
6. navy; ablebodied. unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of 21 and 3J: not
less than S feet 4 Inches and not over 6 feet 1
rlnch; able to speak and read Enrlls-. For
further information apply at the Aecraltlng
office, 40 Ellis et., San Francisco.
WANTED^— Experienced manager for special
branch of our business extending- over coast
and Hawaiian Islands; If mutually agreeable
party may purchase H Interest of this branch;
etate experience, ability, age, etc, A. B., box
8754. Call office.
WAREHOUSEMEN*, grain handlers and sack
sewers are nereby notified to remain away
from Vallejo, Crockett and Port Costa until
further notioe. By order Bay Counties Ware-
housemen's Protective Asftociation No. 8228.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno HouEe proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third st: 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
TENSION ATTORNEY EDWARD A. BUX.LIS.
Pan Commander Geo. H. Thomas Post No.* 2,
G. A. R.. room 40, Phelan bldg.. 806 Market.
COATMAKERS wanted. BELASCO - HARRIS
CO.. S41 Market at.
$2 PER day for 2 or 8 good solicitor!. 59
Columbian building.
GET your eboes half-eoled while vaitlr.fr: 25c
to 50c. S63 Mission ft., bet. 1st and 2d sts. ¦
McDONALD & PERRY have BOO pairs second-
hand Ehoes for sale: 60c up. 241 Third et
WANTED — A good photographer and router.
Address box 4438. Call office.
WANTED— 5C0 men to buy new and 2d-hand
army Ehoes. $1 up; sollnc 20c up. 923 Howard.
WINCHESTER Houix. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket — 700 rooms, 2Sc night: reading-rooms; free
'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
recurved at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
f ~~
nOSPITALS.
MENTAL and nervous diseases— A few select
cases will be cared for at Hospital and Sani-
tarium. 230 Doudars St.. Ban Francisco.
HOUSES A.\D WAGOXS.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market
ST7 Sixth st.; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE, Auctioneers.
FOR sale— Well broke 6-year-old horse: weight
1150. M. D. MEYER, 1458 Devlsadero.
FOR sale — Camping wajron. light team and
harness. 12C2 Mission *t., room 2.
THREE (rood second-hand phaetons, cheap.
O'BRIEN'S, Polk st and Golden Gate ave.
40 HEAD of work and driving horsee; 2 fast
pacers. T21 Howard Et
ALL kinds of wagone, carts, harness,
etc., cheap. EGAN & SON. 2117 Mission st
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single; also light
camping -.-ggon for sale, cheap. 622 Mission.
HORSES WASTED.
HOKSES wanted to work on scraper Job; fcur
or five months' work. Apply at 26 Montgom-
ery f-t.. room 25.
IiOL'SES TO LET.
A-PIU.VTED list houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G. 11. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
COUGH, 1120. near O'Farrell— 9 rooms, vacant
August 1; will be painted: leased or rented
cheap. • UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery et
TO let— Parlor and basement floors furnished,
including a grand piano; half block from car
line; pouth front; healthy location; splendid
view; rent moderate; no children. Box 3726,
Call office.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 1736— Elegant -unny resi-
dence, 12 to 14 rooms and bath: fine marine
view; lure? garden; heaters; 2 dancing halls.
12 ROOMS. 2 baths; new modern, sunny corner.
Broadway. THE MCCARTHY CO.. 646 Mar-
ket tt.; tel. Red £71.
HOUPR of 10 rooms, partly furnished or un-
fumiEhed. Apply at premises. 1712 Bush st.
HOUSE of 6 rooms and yard. 549 Stevenson
pt.. opposite new Postofflce. ¦• ' .'
$14—405 GREENWICH et.: house, 7 rooms,
bath: suitable for two families; large sunny
yard. i
$11— SUNNY house of 6 rooms, yard and base-
ment. Key at 2228 Geary st.
HOCSE9 TO LBT KniMSIII-D.
MODERN house, 8 rooms; completely fur-
nished; owner going East. 6S5 23d et, Oakland.
TO RENT — Newly furnished house. $20: every-
thlng complete. MRS. PARKER. Menlo Park.
Fi: K M S H IS P 1 1 0 U S IC S— -SU B U H n A \.
"OR rent In Ross Valley — Completely furnished
rnodern house of 11 rooms and bath; 5 min-
utes' walk from Ross station. Apply box 43,
Rqsh station.
JEU'RLRV, WATCHES, ETC.
FOR sale cheap— lady's small rold watch and
renuine c m « raid ring. 14 McAllister st, room
16. between 1 and S p. m.
LOST AND I'OUMJ.
LOST— Collie dog; white collar and breast;
four white fret: cray on shoulder*; dog license
on hind leg; If nut returned in three days
will pay $11X> for the arrest and conviction of
the jH-rsnn holding my dog. Liberal reward
if returned to 1014 Sacramento st. .
Lost— Bunda y, July 21, from San Rafael to
fcan Francisco, silver watch, with rold locket
uttached; valued aa keepsake; suitable r*-
ward for return ot lama, Address box 3784,
Call office.
£ot--T— Kriday. July 2<. a gold r«d enameled
«-ri-rs, with gold double eajrl** and diamond
net In center. "* rfc > "**#. * 1 . I '. b ,'_»'*i <1 ror
rciarn of Mtne to 3. II. UUUMNGS, 16 and
18 Drumtn »t __________________________
LOKT— Ilunch of keys In neighborhood of Pow.
ell and Port tits. 10-114 Larkln st. •
i/)ST-A na_»-book with The Hlbcrnla Savlngs
and Loan Society of Ban Franclwo, In the
nam* of niCHAItD V. MeALUHTER. No.
S_-C14. Ttoe finder will please return to
bank.
LOET-A pan book with The Hibernla Savlngi
and Loan Society of Ban Francisco In th«
name of MARIE TONTA. No. 231-1164. The
finder will please return to Lank.
LoST— Lady's dlamcnd-studded rold watch
marked MINNIE HOWELL. ¦ "£"••. "W*
for Its return to Hughes House, tit Ihlrd St.,
this city, or nuthvllle. Illinois.
"Warti-a— O1<J -old for manufacturing. O. Nolta,
j-wel^r. »l OTarrell. bet. Powell and Mason.
MATIIIMOMAL.
GENTLEMEN wishing to marry wealthy ladlaa
• iend lOofor lateil list. MRS.HERTZ, tot Eliu
REAX ESTATE— CITY— 'FOR 1AJ .
BHAINWALD, BTJCKEE & CO.. •
• REAI* ESTATE AGENT3.
> 213-230 Montgomery Btr
WALNTJT-ST. IXrT.
$2000— Beet buy In the Presidio . Halghta •
trlct. w
RESIDENCE NEAR TOWN. 1 ',
$300O-Leavenworth st. near Clay; lot fc
¦ feet ¦ . I
CORNER, NEAR MARKET A2TO- SEV_S«.
$30,000— Lot 75x125 feet; goc4 Impro— me,
' renting: for $225; for full particular!
, at office.
¦WESTERN ADDITION B—VTS.
$7000— Clay st, near Baker: 2 modern flatt
and 7 rooms and bath,; lot X7:( ;
front; * rare chance.
. ?"modern residence.
$18,000— Jackson •_, near Buchanan; *-ct
and basement residence of 5 bedrcx
and S baths; all modern improve— .«
lot 34:4H_12T:8U feet; tali r«al<_e_c«
being offered far below its - mat
?alue.
BARGAIN IN BUILDE" LOT.
$2100— Sunny side of California st, a
Baker; extra width, J3:«ft.frc
grand location to build fiats.
BUTLDINO LOT.
$5250— Bush st, near Webster; large lot 34
xl37:S ft: ready to build on.
FINE BUILDING LOT.
$5300— Near 16th and Mission sts.: lot <5:
ft.; fine location for flats; will par
Interest.
MISSION INVESTMENT.
$12.800— NW. corner, nr. J4th and Valencia s
3 flats and house; lot 83:4x73:4). feat.
LOOK AT THIS TO-DAY.
HS50-Co8t $4000; bay-window cottasw of
rooms, bath and basement: 2649 Tw
tx-flrat St., between Church and S
chez; lot 50x114 feet; a great chanc
get a house. >"^ v ! w> -
MARINE VIE" -BROADWAY.
$14.000— North side of Broadway, near Lagtn
residence of 9 rooms and bath;' lot 3:
•: v - 137:6 feet, with unobstructed mar
view.
ELEOANT MARINE VIEW RESIDENCE.
PACT— IC HEIGHTS DISTRIC
$20.000 — First floor, living-room, finished
. Spanish cedar, dining-room- In a
kitchen and butler's pantry; seer
floor, five bedrooms and bath, porceL
tub; attic, four bedrooms and bath. i
finished attic for trunks; basement fl.
concrete; two finished rooms; laoad
wine closet, furnace room.
SACRAMENTO-ST. LOT.
$1300— North line, near Laurel St.; lot 23s
feet: street .work all done; -very «
- neighborhood.
PAOE-ST. CORNER.
$18.000— New flats; rents $142 60 monthly; a ti
,, good investment; 6 tenants Is all;
37:6x112:6 feet; rents are low and c
be Increased. - - '.
SANSOME-ST. CORNER.
$15.000— Two-story building; rents $110: a fo
closure sale.
THIS IS A BARGAIN.
$8500— Northeast corner Central ave. and C
st; lot 60x100 feet.
LOOK AT THIS INVESTMENT.
$22,600— O'Farrell St.. near Hyde; two hous
rents $140; lot 45 feet front; a posit
bargain and must be sold.
VAN NESS. NEAR PACIFIC. V'.'J.V ,'
$3300 — Van Ness ave. residence ; bargain;
alone worth the price; contains » roc
and bath; near Pacific ave.; lot 25s
feet
MODERN FLATS.
$12.000— Oak st. near Laguna; 3 modern flat*
6 and 7 rooms and bath; lot 27:6x120
to rear street; rents $89; building tfc
years old.
NEW FLATS— IN TOWN.
$11.230— Larkln st., near Jackson; 8 handse
flats, now building, of 6, 7 and 8 rooi
rent $105; lot 25x112 ft; this is a g
opportunity to purchase new flat* a
reasonable figure.
SUTTER-ST. FLATS.
$11.000— Sutter st, N. side, near Webster: t
modern flats of 7 and 9 rooms and ba
lot 27:3x127:3 ft; very sunny; al-or
rented. .
SHAINW ALD, BUCKBED _ CQ,
218-220 Montgomery St.. Mills bldj
MADISON _ BURKE, ~"
ESTABLISHED JANUARY, 1858.
FULL CHARGE TAKEN OF PROPERTY
628 Market st. opp. Palace Hotel.
Geary st. inside Larkln; 50x137:6; partis
improved; only $25,000; cheapest offering on
street
Cheap-CFarrell st, near Devtsadero; a
tains 6 rooms and bath and atabls; rent 1
only $2900. . . .
$5500-rBroadway, near Octavta stj 7 roo
and bath; a nlca-homa In cholca section;
26x131.
Two flats— Clinton Park, near Dolorts : a
rent $340 per year; price only $3500.
$4500— Twentieth st, near Valencia; t roa
and bath and stable; lot 28x114.
$15,000 Beautiful modern house In th« bi
part of the marina view section of the city
$8500— Pays $73 per month; flats; Scott, xu
Ellis; 31x137:6.
$7500— Seventeenth at, near Dolores; fla
well rented; 35x57:6.
$2750— Corner Sanchea and Jersey its.; lot 1
100, with four-room house.
$2500— Twenty-fifth st, near Sanches; C roa
and bath.
$3000— Morris ave.. near Bryant tt; doul
house: rents $24; lot 25x75.
> $4500— Folsom st. near * Eighth; 25x30; t
houses at $16 each; total $32.
$3000— Natoma st, corner Russj elegant I
come property; 25x73. •
$6500— Pine st, near Scott; two flattest rex
$57 60; lot 25x137:6.
Laundry building with two flowing wells
Al water, tanks, barn and lot 168x120, on not
line of Lombard st, bet Fillmore and Stein
also lot 152x120 on Chestnut st. In rear; ret
$73 per month; must be sold on account of n<
residence.
$2200— Guerrero and Twentieth st: eottai
lot 25x114; must be sold.
$7000— Harriet st, near Howard: lot SO.
holding frontage to Sixth st; rent $50.
(4000 — Leavenworth st. near Jackson: I roo
and bath: 22:6x115. ¦
$1S5O— Florida st.. near Twenty-flfta: cotti
5 rooms and bath; lot 20x100.
MADISON & BURKE, 628 Market st
DON'T MIND THE STRIKeT
BUT BUY A HOME.
$4500— Two splendid flats in Mission: rent $
north of Twenty-first st: must sell.
$6000— What do you think of this? Three fla
5 and I rooms and bath; rent $60; lot'ZSxli
Valencia and Fourteenth sts.
$15,000— Corner lot. 30x90: elegant 8nito-y b_fl
ing; big store In corner; block from. Market a
Eleventh sts.
$10,000— Golden Gate ave. property; nous*,
rooms and bath; lot 25x137:6; good lmpro-
ments; near Franklin et. -
$18,000— Splendid comer lot, 40x137:8; house,
rooms and bath: Bush st, near Van Ness.
$;«,00<v- 6 elegant flats; Sutter at.; near Lea-
en worth; lot 33:6x137:6; rents for $2000 year.
$5000—9 flats, S and < rooms and bath In eat
rents for |56; good aa new; near Third st
$4000— House, 7 rooms and bath'; Just finish*
latest design; up-to-date; splendid location.
$3250— House. 8 rooms and bath; lot 25x80; :
feet from Market st ; bargain. .
HEALEY & GILLESPIE.
MO Market st
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
Bargains In Sunset. 8e» them at one*.
Sunset Branch Office. Sth ave.. near U i
$300 to $900 each— Graded and ••—•red; bull
Ing up fast; superb view ot park and ocaa
$10 monthly.
$1CO. $150. 82OS to ! $350— Choicest ecean bout
vard lots, ready to build on; IS monthly.
$;s, $100 to $350— L«v«l lota. ntar Mission**
ears: solindld bargain*. " for ebole* -om«*; I
monthly, -.
CHOICKST RICHMOND . LOTS. . •
$400 to $800— We never fall to suit; on ehalo
•st stritt.; on vtry «aiy ttrms.
$1000. $1330. $:ooo to $350O-E!egant oottagM H
Richmond, flun««t and Mission districts; al
bargains; on Installments. - . - ' •
SOL OGTZ A BROTTTBR. ]
14 Chronlol* bulldtDf.
¦ $300— LOT S3* ton: on Laldlay at: 1 block fron
el«>ctrla cars: $5 monthly.
Larct l«vet lots between Twentv-thtrd ant
EllMb«th sta.; street work done: $5 monthly.
Level lota fronting Park and octan; tho onlj
lot* on the boulevard: $S monthly.
$11 75 a month: price $1350; 8 large le-rel loti
with 4-room houne. hnrn. chicken-houses anc
only on« block from Fo!»om-st cars. • . \
$1400— On «a«y terms; houna, of S rooms: lot
£9xjS3; latest plumbing; on Sliver av«. and Mis.
ston road.
$3000— Bryant St.. near Ninth: 6-room eottagt
and lot, 28x85, with driveway.
OSCAR HEYMAN. 14 Post St.
$1250— HQUSE. i rooms and hath. 4 blocks fron)
park: »c» owner on place. 1623 Tenth ave.,
' Sunset District. ' • ' .:•: .
MISCELLAJTEOPS— FOR, ; SALES— Con.
BAR outfits, showcases: all lengths and sizes.
J. SCHWERDT. 821 Mission Bt .
WE pay big prices • for ladles', sealskins. Port-
land Loan Office.' 25 Stockton st. . * '¦>¦¦¦¦
2D-HAND machinery of all kinds bought, sold,
rented, exchanged. H. S. White. 616 Mission.
SAFES— New and second hand: all sizes. THE
WALTZ SAFE, 109-111 Market St.. San Fran.
SAFES— New and second hand. THE HER-
¦ MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st
ENGINES and boilers; second-band I xnachln-
*ry. J. BURKE. 1M Beale at. .
FAIRBANKS' 10-ton hay scale; Jeweler's steel-
lined safe, . perfect order. 216 California st _ t
Gasoline or distillate engines, new and 2d-hand;
. all sites; guaranteed. NEWEL.L; 66 Bluxome.
MAGIC lanterns', new and Sd-hand moving I plo-
turea. BULLARD & BRECK. 181 Post st
•' MISCELLANEOUS WAMT8.
WANTED — Sash machinery and clamps.
DAVID LEWIS, 558 Brannan st, S. F.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 9th st. : tel. Folsom 2522.
MONEY TO LOAJT. ' _^____
makes loans' on second mortgages, undivided
interests In estates, etc.; also large or small
loans on good ranches; If your property- is
mortgaged and you need more money, don't
fall to see me; lowest rates; quickest settle-
ments; financial problems of all sorts and
sizes solved by HERMAN MURPHY. 630
Market st. . . '
AA— MANHATTAN LOAN COMPANY.
$300, COO at 6 per cent In sums to suit City &
Oakland; town _ country property, second
mortgages, life insurance & securities. Loans
on unsettled estates, undivided interests In
¦ real estate and legacies. We - will purchase
any of above securities. Tel. Red, 5524. UAH-
HATTAN LOAN CO.. Tth.floor. Crocker bldg.
ANT AMOUNT AT 6 PER CENT '
First, second and third mortgages
Undivided interest In real estate In probate..
Mortgages and legacies bought; no delay....
Get my terms before doing business elsewhere.
R. McCOLGAN.
...: 24 Montgomery st. , room 8
A— MONEY to loan at rates which people can
afford to pay on furniture, pianos, etc.; do
not borrow of your friends or you will lose
their friendship; do business with strangers
and you will be better satisfied; no delay; no
publicity. Rooms 9 and 10. 906 Market st.
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent; first,
second mortgages, estates in probate, interest
in estates, legacies, chattel mortgages; secur-
ities, manufacturing, .mercantile and mining
Interests; corporation* loans. R. 16, 1st floor,
-.Chronicle building. HALLORAN & OLSEN.
HIGHLY respectable, private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store, 946 Market
st. ; tel. Main .1644. Branch 19 Third st.
$25,000 IN trust to loan at 6 per cent; city or
country; see me before going elsewhere.
' HARPER. 397 Parrott building. |
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc., by private
party; no removal; no commission; confiden-
tial. Room 3, Conservatory bldg., 801 Jones.
ON furniture, pianos; no removal; money
quick: lowest Interest: easy terms; no broker-
age; rellablepajt^ll70Marketst^iroom68.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watches. Jewelry. W. J. HE3THAL. 10 Sixth;
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
ONE per cent on furniture: $5 a month on each
$1000; any security. 302 Montgomery st, r. 1.
MONEY loaned salaried people without secur-
lty. Hill, r. 44; Merchants' Ex.. 431 California.
DEAL direct; furniture, pianos; no removal;
low rate; strictly private. Lick, 116 McAllister
3% on furniture and pianos: $15 up; no removal;
no commission; private. Room 81, 6 Eddy st.
ON salaries or wages; no Indorser required. S.
F. DISCOUNT AqENCY, 143 Phelan building.
LOANS money on salary; no indorser; Eastern
plan. Western Loan Co., S09 Phelan bldg.
$100,000 TO loan on real estate or for building;
low rate. 222 Sansome st, room 2.
MONEY to loan on real estate. O. A. LANE,
room 15, Sth' floor. Mills bldg.
THE Tousley Company; loans and discounts.
321 Parrott building. ¦
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
Indorser. MORRELL. 609 Examiner building.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
BIUSICAL IKSTRUMBNTS.
A QUESTION
Why is It. our competitors fight and say
more against the LudwlK piano than any
other make? Because they know that there,
is more real value in the "Ludwlg" than
any other piano. It Is the best piano for the'
money in the market. They know it We i
know it and you will know It when you see
and hear it.
THE WILEY B. ALLEN CO.. Sole Agents.,
933 Market st., S. F. : 951 Broadway, Oakland.
A MOST remarkable sale of pianos at reduced
prices will close August 1 at our store, 769
Market st. ; parties who have not been able to
decide have now only three days In which to
do so; we shall have an extra force of sales-
men to wait upon customers, so that none
may go away disappointed; remember, that
all our pianos are offered at 20 per cent and
30 per cent discount from the regular prices.
¦ THE ZENO MAUVAIS MUSIC CO.
ALL pianos purchased of SHERMAN, CLAY
& CO. may be exchanged for a new Steinway
upright or baby grand piano any time within
3 years from date of purchase, and have full
price allowed. New I upright pianos, $6 per
month; some good pianos sold for $3, $4 and
$5 per month. SHERMAN, CLAY & CO..
Steinway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
cts., San Francisco;, corner Broadway and
Thirteenth st, Oakland.
A SURPRISE awaits all who are Interested In
the self-playing piano; the Cecillan Is the lat-
est and best; you are Invited to our dally
concerts. BYRON MAUZY, 308 Post St.,
Union square, sole agents Sohmer & Co.,
,.- Byron Mauzy, Gabler, Lester, Hamilton and
' Splelman pianos. . . ;..
ANY piano sold by u's taken hack any time
within 3 years and full purchase price al-
lowed on a new peerless • Knabe at regular
price; costs you only 20c a day to buy a piano
from us. KOHLER & CHASE, 30 O'Farrell
et.; established 1S30. ' -' ¦
A LIST of fine second-hand bargains— 1 Emer-
son, I Hallet & Davis. 1 Conover, 1 Curtaz, 1
¦ Sterling, $75, $125, $145. etc. : easy payments.
BENJ CURTAZ & SON, 16 O'Farrell Bt,
Chlckerlnc, Vose, Sterling 'Agency; • also
Apollo, king of self-players. ¦
ANY make at lowest prices. Agency famous
Hallet-Davl*. Bargain list $50 up; uprights;
[ Mahognny Fischer, $95; Steinway, $185;
Chlekering. $165: 20 others; rents $2 up. •
HEINE PIANO CO.. 217. Geary Bt
FOR sale— Account of the strike,' for one-third
value, grand upright iiiano; standard make;
fine carved case; absolutely as good as new.
3009 Sixteenth «t, .
JAS. KEEFFE'S piano warerooms now perma-
nently located at 22 Turk st, near Junction
Maeon, Market and- Turk; largest In city.
ANOTHER cleanlng-out sale of storage pianos
at your own price; M Installments: no reserve.
WILSON'S STORAGE CO., 1706 Market st
STEINWAY. $200; Hartman. $100; elegant rew
pianos, $150 up. W. C. Hamilton, 8 Flood bldg.
BARGAIN — Fine S-pedal upright; also standard
' square; pianos guaranteed. Call 18 Bartlett.
FINE 3-pedal upright piano; must be sacrificed
before Thursday: leaving city. 519 Eddy et.
STEINWAY, Chlekerlng, other uprights to closo
estate. Plorce's Plnno Factory, Market & 14th,
WANTED— The vpi of a piano for storage;
careful 'usage. 2625 Nineteenth st.'
$2 fiO RENTS a fine upright piano; a few left.
SCOTT-CURTAZ PIANO CO,, 660 Hayes st.
GOOD neoond-hand upright for sale cheap.
BCHMITZ. 16 McAllister >t.
A 'SPLENDID fltelnw ay; upright-. $100; planoa
rented $2 upward, BIUJENN. SOS Post st.
A LARGE lot of second-hand upright' plnnos
for sale cheap. HORNUNO'S. 216 McAllister.
A FINE upright piano for sale cheap. '837 Mo-
Alllster st.
SurpmOR violins, slthers, old and new.j It
MITLLKTt. maker. r«r>atr»r. 8 Latham place.
aiusio hoxes.
MUSIC DOXKS-Paul Monaco, expert, and the
best repairer and maker on the coast for 16
• years; fine Bwlis and American muslo box«*
a specialty. 769 Marktt st, bet. 3d and 4th,
¦outh tide; thoroughly understands his bull*
nr«» and the right party to deal with. '
MUSICAL INSTHUCTIOPT.
LKPRON8 given on the banjo; music fur-
. nlihed, BOo. Address box S039, Call. , ¦
OKFIC-C_.__ AND ItTOKES ; TO LBT. i.
CORNER store; living rooms; fitted , up for
grocery and bnr:' cheap to business* man.
HOOKER _ LENT, 14 Post. "> ..
L.IQHT, cheerful office*; 116 and 120. Emma
BpreckeU building. .MT. Market st.
LARGE front window to let, with office space,
117 Butter st. , ¦
FOR sale— A lease on, proven territory 'adjoln-
lng the San Joaquln Cck 474 Parrott bldg. .
OIL • tanks, - second hand. In ' good ¦ order; all'
•ices; cheap. H. • S. WHITE, 618 Mission st.
REAL ESTATE— CITY— FOR. BAJLJB.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE ' & CO.,
- 633 Market st-
VAN NESS AVE. MANSION.
$50,000— An elegant home on the northeast cor-
ner; • 12 - rooms and - bath; - modern in
every respect; stable; large lot, 60x
LARKIN-ST. BUSINESS PROPBRTT.'
$52,000— Three stores of 3 rooms each, and six
' flats of 8-9 rooms and bath each; on
the best business block of Larkln > st. ;
present - annual income of $3180 could
easily be Increased 10 cer cent: non-
resident owner orders immediate sale;
PACIFIC HEIGHTS RESIDENCES .'. ¦
$11,000— Fine large residence; 22 rooms 'and
;^ ; - '..-. bath: In Derfect condition: situated In
the best residence section on Broadway;
elegant houses adjoin this property on
all sides; plenty of sun; yard front and
rear; desirable In every particular; 42:9
xl37:6 . feet. _
WESTERN ADDITION RESIDENCE.
$5,500— Handsome modern bay- windowed resl-
<r . dence. 8 rooms., porcelain bath, tiled
. mantels, etc ; can arrange easy terms ;
lot 25xS7:6 feet
OAK-ST. FLATS.
$5,000 — Two handsome flats of 6-8 rooms and
. -..bath each; modern and up-to-date: near
Park . Panhandle; rents for $570 ser
annum; lot 25x137:6 feet.
WELSH-ST. IMPROVED PROPERTY.
$4,000— Five fiats of 4-5 rooms each; In good
condition; rents $S28 per annum; lot 40
x80 feet.
REDUCED FOR A QUICK SALE.
• $3,250— Eight tenements on Harriet St.. near
6th and Brannan; rents $613 per annum;
. this property must be sold at once; .lot
. 60x80 feet.
SACRAMENTO-ST.. CORNER.
$2,500— Desirable corner, downtown: If im-
proved would pay well; lot 80x48 feet
—
COZY MISSION HOME.
$1,700— Must be sold to close an estate: nice
cottage, 4 rooms and bath; basement;
. . on Church st, near 28th st; lot' 25s
114 feet. , -
EASTON. ELDRIDGE _ CO.,
'¦•''.- - 638 Market at,
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.. ' ¦
.. . 63S Market Street.
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
GRAND SPECIAL CREDIT SALE.
One-quarter Cash. Balance Flat Loan or In-
_^ stallments, 6% per Annum. - •
TLESDAT August 6, 1901
At Our Salesroom— 638 Market Street
At 12 O'clock Noon. t. j
. . PACIFIC-AVENUE MANSION.
South side (No. 2719) Pacific ave., 142 feet
west of Scott st. ; large elegant modern resi-
dence of 12 rooms and/ bath; comprising aa up-
to-date home in every respect
Terms: ONE-QUARTER CASH. Lot 87:6:c
127:8% feet.
DOWNTOWN PROPERTY.
West side (No. 7U) Leavenworth st, 110 feet
north of Post: an elegant double key lot, oa
which finest class of Improvements -would pay
large returns on the money invested; the bet*
lot of this class east of Van Ness ave. ; lrr-
provements consist of house of 8 rooms and
bath; rents $50 per month. \ •
Terms: ONE-QUARTER CASH. Lot 27:8x
110 feet
MODERN WESTERN ADDITION RESI-
DENCE*
North side (No. 2904) Bush st. SO feet wept
of Lyon; large elegant modern residence. 8
rooms and bath; 3 finished rooms in basement;
porcelain tubs, tiled mantels, etc., etc; sunny
side of street and built to admit light and sun
in every room; several car lines adjacent.
Terms: ONE-QUARTER CASH. Lot 15x75
feet.
MODERN OAK-STREET RESIDENCE.
North side (No. 926) Oak st., 90ilO feet west
of Pierce; a handsome sunny house of 10
rooms 1 and bath; high basement, porcelain
tuba, sanitary plumbing, tiled mantels and up
to date in every detail ; appraised by Park
Panhandle Commissioners at $3500; cement
walk; ¦ street -bituminlzed. ¦
Terms: ONE-QUARTER CASH. Lot Ux
140:6 feet
TWENTT-FTRST-STREET KLATS.
North side (Noe. 3124 to 3132) Twenty-first
st, 120 feet west of Howard; 6 modern flats of
7. 7, 6, 6, fi rooms and bath each in trie heart
of .the Mission .warm belt; always rented to
desirable tenants: substantial and well built;
an additional flat could be finished off at a
small expense: present low rents $95 per month.
Terms: ONE-QUARTER CASH. Lot 60x95
feet - • .
GUERRERO-ST. IMPROVED PROPERTY.
West side (Nos. 824 and 324%) Guerrero st. and
(Nos. 7 and 7%) Spencer st., 218 feet north of
Sixteenth ; 4 well-built houses of 9. 9, 6, 4 rooms
and bath each; never vacant and renting at
the present time for $624 per annum, which can
easily be increased. • ».-
Terms: ONE-QUARTER CASH. Lot 80x124
feet. ; ••-.',.-/:
MODERN MISSION ' COTTAGES.
North side ! (No. 802) Elizabeth st. 100 feet
west of Douglass; key. lot -25x114 feet; north
side (No. 806) Elizabeth St.. 150 feet west of
Douglass;- 25x114; 2 stylish cottages, 5 rooms
and bath each; brick foundations, high base-
ments, tiled mantels, etc. ; half a block from
Twenty- fourth-st cars; will be sold separately.
Terms: ONE-QUARTER CASH.
MISSION. BUILDING LOT.
South side Hill st.. 260 feet east of Noe: a
fine lot ready for building; street macadamized
and sewered.
Terms: ONE-QUARTER CASH.- Lot 23*
OCEAN VIEW COTTAGEl
North side (No. 104) Sadowa st., 50 feet west
of Plymouth: a cozy cottage. 4 rooms; r.eat
appearing and In good condition; 1 block from
electric cars and Southern Pacific Railway uta-
Terms: ONE-QUARTER CASH. Lot 25x125
feet.
LAKE VIEW -HOME.; .*YvV i
Northwest corner , De Montford and Jules
aves. ; a modern cottage. 4 rooms and bath,
high basement, stationary : tubs, etc., In. first-
class condition: 1 block from Mtssion-st. cars.
! Terms : ONE-QUARTER CASH. Lot 111 :6x
150 feet.
- OCEAN VIEW HOME. * • S
! North side (No. 206) Minerva St.. 55 feet urest
of Capital: a well-built cottage, 4 rooms and
bath in good condition; best part of town;
lot 25x100 feet.
: —^also —
Northwest corner of Minerva and Capital uts.;
lot 55x100.
Terms: ONE-QUARTER CASH, i
FOR SPECULATORS AND HOMESEEKKRS.
Gift map No. 3—10 fine lots, Nos. 1308 to 1317,
Inclusive, on Wlnslow, Mayflower and Callfor-
nlR aves. . .
Paul tract, block No. I 2«— Lots 2. 8, 4, 5. on
Goetttngen and Berlin sts.
Paul tract, block No. 7— Lots 4, 5, 10, 11, on
Holyoke, Olmstead and Somerset sts.
Paul tract, block No. 29— Lot 6, southeast cor-
ner Goettlngen and 'Ward sts.: 100x120 feet.
: - Paul tract, block No. 1 — Lot 6. southeast cor-
ner Hamilton and Woolsey sts. ; 60x120 feet.
Paul Reservation Homestead Association,,
block No. 2— Lot 12. north side of Ward st,
107:6 feet east of Berlin: 25x105 feet.
Terms: ONE-QUARTER CASH.
*¦;*,"...> EA8TON, ELDRIDGE & CO.,
•,1-V , ¦ ¦ . 638 Market st.
RAYMONDY BALDWIN & CO.
Room 2. seventh floor. Mills' Bldff.
$10,000— Presidio- Heights corner lot: 50x148:8:
commands unsurpassed marine view
' that cannot be cut off.
$9,750— Rented to first-class tenants at $8841 per
annum, should be raised to $1020: 4- very
well built fiats and lot S3xS2:6; Weutern
Addition; nice locality.
$3,000— Price greatly reduced to meet demands
of owner, a corporation ; 3>story build-
ing;, could be altered Into flats; one of
the. prominent and • promising Weitern
- Addition streets; 37:6x120, to a rear
street. ' '••:¦-.
$S,000-Pacinc Heights: 'cottage and lot; very
eholcA neighborhood. ' . -
$1.500— A real harrnln to clou* an *atat«: a very
, cosv, i well-built cottajre of . • r<o-na.
bath,' laundry, floored ba««imertt lively
flower garden, eta.: Western, Addition;
• cream location; 27:6x100.
ROSS VALLKT PARK,
flnn An«»lran. Mnrln County.
A hrautlful subdivision tn Ross Valisy, c!o*e
to Ban Anstimn railroad ¦tttlon: lots KfaclSO;
flnn. graded mart*: water pipes laid;. open Iota
and lota covered • by . fine . natural trees; low
prleet: ea»y term-.
RAYMOND. BALDWIN A C<\.
Room 2, seventh floor. Mills nidg.
FOn WALK OR RENT-
Elrgant 3-morv r«>f>Monc<" of 14 rooms; tvery
. .convenience; 22M Brodarlck st.. 1 . bet. Wash-
ington find Jackson.- > Call or write WM. _,
LUTZ, 805 Bannome tt. ¦ ¦ ;
FOR : a great bargain ' In r«ml estate and easy
- payments call at 19 L*e ave., S blocks south
"of Ingleslde Cour*ln« Park; near school and 3
car, lines; lot ,76-112:6.; . ¦ ¦
BARGAINS— Modern hou«e and lot, Wostern
¦ Addition; also large corner lot. Eighth ave.
"and Clement • at. Owner, ' 131S Btelner it, or
,. 208 Kearny, : room 412. ¦ -- . ,,
$W00-LOTwlth 2 cottages; perfect title; 333
> Seventh st. Apply 60 Clipper, near 26th. * ;
Fnn sale— Rlncon Hill cottage 'Of 7 rooir.a: lot
2Sxft5; no reasonable offer refused. Bo:: 3725,
¦ Call office.- ¦ ' ' -.. ' ¦ '¦-" . ¦ .
WILL be sold cheap: new 4-room. bath, cot-
tage: your own terms. 64 Prossect ave.
REAL'; ESTATE--CITT~-FOB'- 1 gAX-U'
G. H. UMBSEN & CO., Real Estate Agents, '
14 Montgomery st.
$35,000— Choice corner on Van Ness ave., covered
at present' with old Improvements; rents
- nominal; would pay handsomely. If prop-
; ""¦ ¦- erly improved; 60x109:9. --..-•
$27,500— Rents $207 per month: near Fourth and
Howard sts. ; : splendid investment; . 3
" . flats of 6, 6, 5 rooms and 2-atory house
of IS rooms on ¦ Howard st and 6 flats
on rear street; 50x155; 2 frontages; bank
., mortgage of $21,000 can remain.
$21,000— Rents. $1800 per annum; .choice inside
business 'corner; 2 two-story brick
. buildings. -
$10,000— O'Farrell st., near Leaven worth; im-
, provements 2-story building of 8 rooms
and bath. . . . • .
$S,500— Rents $800 per annum; Pierce st; 3
choice flats > of 7, 7, 6 rooms' and bath
..?.¦;¦•- and rear house of 5 rooms ; and bath;
brick foundation, etc. ; 23x125. ; - :
$8,000— Rents .• $60 per . month ; Hyde St., near
.Sutter; 2 desirable flats of 7, 8 rooms
', >'¦•; and bath each; building, in good re-
. . " pair; 25:87:6.
$3.750— Rents $612 per annum; Scott st, near
Height; 2 modern flats of 5. 6 rooms
and bath each, with - driveway and
stable in rear; 25x108. s
$3,500— Rents $570 per annum; Inside store
, . . property; 2 stores with 3 rooms each j
- - ¦ and flat of 8 rooms and lot.
$5,000— Rents $648 per annum; near Fourth and
Bryant sts.; 5 front and 2 rear flats;
: • completely renovated and in ¦ splendid
condition; sanitary plumbing, etc.; 30x
SO. .JThis-.is a snap.
$4,500— Green st.; choice modern residence of 8
rooms and bath. In perfect order; sani-
. tary plumbing and lar^e and well-kept
• . garden ¦ In . rear.' •
$4,250— Near Duboce Park; 2 choice, desirable
flats of 5, 6 rooms and bath each; brick
foundation, etc.; street bituminlzed; 24x
.¦'••¦ so. .¦¦¦..¦¦¦.¦-¦ . ¦ • ¦ '
$3,200— Reduced; $360 per annum; Rausch St.; 2
good, substantial houses of 6 rooms
each; mortgage of $1500 can remain; 2»x
112. • . •
$8,000— Rents $420 per annum; Twenty-third st. ;
¦ • .-. Improvements store and flat of 6 rooms;
. - 25x114. •
$2,000— Reduced; rents $264 per annum; near
Sixteenth and Valencia sts.; 2 desirable
flats with rear house; must be sold.
Choice list of building lots In all parts of the
city. Call and obtain one of our "Real Estate
Records," containing a list of property for sale
in: all- parts of the city. :
Latest Pocket Map of San Francisco. 2oc ¦
G. H. UMBSEN & CO..
, 14 Montgomery -St..
¦¦;'"'"'' Real Estate Agents.
LTON AND HOAG.
] .-. ¦ 114 Montgomery street
$2500- : -Any reasonable offer
will be accented; Sev-
enth st.. nesr Bryant;
2 small stores: lot 2o
x85.
$5500— Fine, modern residence
- • on Scott st. not far
- from Sutter: 8 rooms
«and bath; pleasantly
situated.
$6500— Sutter-st. flats: 6 and 7
roomsj rents very low,
$50; could easily be I
, raised; lot 25x110.
- $780O r -Rents $79 50; Grove-st,
- near Laguna; 2 flats of
S and 6 rooms ' and
bath: also flats on
small street; lot 25x120;
double frontage; great
bargain: see it at once.
$3500— "Very cheapest lot on
Market St., sunny side,
between 14th and loth;
.will trade for residence
or flats in • Western
Addition and pay dif-
ference in cash.
$9000— Folsom st. near Sixth;
rents $76: 3-story build-
. , ing i containing store,
I flats and rear tene-
" ments. ' t ' ¦ ¦
$7500— Washington st., near
Fillmore; fine modern
residence containing 10
rooms, bath, etc.:
. — • house In splendid re-
pair; fine location: al-
ways rented for $60.
$4300— Rent $45; Turk st,
near Steiner: - lot 25x
. • : 137:6; Improvements
good; this is a good
buy.
> . $17,000— Rent $175; handsome
¦' . ! . new building: contain*
3 flats of 8 rooms and
. large reception . hall:
lot 35x137:6; fine light
/ and sun; grand view;
very best oortlon Pa-
cific Heights. . .
: $11.250— Rent .$106: brand new
flats east of Van Ness
. . ; ¦ ave.; 3 ; flats of 7
\ rooms, etc., each;
large lot: best invest-
ment on the market
LTON & HOAG, 114 Montgomery st
VON RHEIN REAL ESTATE CO. (Inc.),
. 513 CALIFORNIA STREET.
. ¦ ! IMPROVED, i
$11,000— Corner Folsom and Erie sts.; 30x143;
3 flats; rents $78.
$10,000— O'Farrell et., near Larkln: 25x120 to
rear street; house of 14 rooms.
$8000— Pacific St., near Powell; 40x60; store
and -2 flats: rents $S9.
r $5F.OO— Buchanan St., near Post; 24x87:6; house
of- 7 rooms and bath; rent $35. •
$5000— Corner Leavenworth and Francisco: 70s
87:6: 2-story residence of 11 rooms and bath.
$4500— Guerrero st, near Twenty-fifth; 24:6x
125: house of 8 rooms and bath.
$42CO— Clara, near 6th; 25x80; store and 2 flats;
rents $46. . . ¦ > •
$3500 — Harriet st. near Bryant; 25x76; 3-story
building; rents $37. '
$3500— Lyon - st., near Sutter; 25x119:3; house
of 8 rooms. ; .
• $3350— Clementina st, near Sixth; 20x80; house
of 6 rooms and bath; rent $25.
UNIMPROVED. -
$14,000— Corner Franklin and Grove sts. ; 57x
88:9.
$55.00— Greenwich st, near Taylor: 45:10x137:6.
$50C0— Capp st. near Twenty-fifth; 65x115. ¦
Corner 19th ave.' and Clement; 200x120.
$4000— Corner Jones and Filbert sts. ; 25x70. *
$3500— Fulton St., near Fillmore; 32:6x137:6.
$3000— Laguna st, near Page; 25x100.
J2250— Union St.. near Webster; 34:4%xl87:<.
$12c0 each — Polk st., near Chestnut; 3 lots,
27:6x87:6. . .
$1000— Sanchez, near 18th; 25x105.
$85 a front foot— Mission St., near 28th.
$110O— Francisco St.. near Leavenworth; 25x102.
400 lots, $200 to $400; terms easy; electric road
passes. ¦
INGLESIDE.
$1600— Modern house of 6 rooms twd bath} fine
view of ocean: free water: one block
from car line: .monthly payment, $22 40;
no payment down. : .
$6000— Beautiful; modern residence of 8 rooms
and bath: conservator}" stable and other
" buildings; lawn; flowers and shrubbery:
lot 100x122 feet;, small payment down;
balance monthly. -
SUNNYSIDE.
«1 000— House of 7 rooms and bath; no payment
down; $14 per month will buy it; this is
a rare opportunity.
$1230— Desirable home of 6 rooms and bath; no
payment down; monthly payment is
fV, $17 B0. ¦ • •" '
$1200 — Two-story frame building;. UDstalrs 6-
room flat; first floor rented steady at $8
per month; $100 down, balance $15 40 per
month; the Income from this property
: will nearly pay for It.
$2400— No. arcs Mission st. store in front, with
¦ livlnsr-rooms In rear.
All the above properties were taken by
mortgage foreclosure and are bargains. •
A. E. RUDELL, 223 Sansome st, 8. F.
A. E. BUCKINGHAM ..'..Real Estate
26 Montgomery st ...; Room 11.
Rents collected. Full charge taken of property.
$16.500 — 75 ft. on Mission st. and Impts. for
factory; rents $112: bargain. 1
$4850— Stylish new flats. 4 and 6 rooms; very
sunny; rents $40; Twenty-third st. ¦••
.$12,000— Stylish' new flats: Hayes.st; fine, lo-
catlon;renU $115. . > , . .
$3750—2 flats, 4 & 5 rooms; Baker St.; rents $41.
$3000 — Modern 4 and 5 room flats; California
st. and Elchth ave.; rents $30.
$2150— Snnp; Clay-st. lot, 25x100; north side;
fine residence location..
$C00O— Bargain; ; Howard, nr. 8th; bus. prop.
. ' SUNBET HEIGHTS PARK LOTS.
$500 TO $860, ON EASY TERMS.
$825— Eleventh ave,, between H and I sts.,
neor Park muslo stand; cars para block.
$3250— Houses— easy terms— above block, 8 and
7 rooms, bath, etc.; plans at office.
A. E. BUCKJNOHAM. 26 Montnom ery St.",
room 11; branch office, Sunset, 1215 Ninth ave.
CONTRACT let for a new 6-room house on 23d
. at., near Douglass, : Heyman traot, which you
can get with your rent money; plan at office. .
Also 2 new 4-room houses on Laundy at,, near
Mlislon*st. carhouso and opposite terminus of
Valencla-st. car line. . '.'.:.
; $780— Lots fronting Ocean boulevard, nr. park.
For sale— (Uroom house, near . Ocean - Beach,
47th avo. and J st. ; lots SOxSS; very reasonable.
$150— Lots front trig 8an Jose avo. and floe trio
$760— Corner lots, 85xP3, fronting San Josa'av*.
and olrotrlo road. ' ¦ " ¦ ¦ -
. f.T.O— l.irtu,- 2,1x114, on 29th «t., near Diamond.
I'urk lots, south side, $100, $150 and upwards;
the coming futuro property. / ; ,'
NGO— North of park,' near Chute*,' 25x 120.
, $10— Lot*. Ulmhurst railroad < station, - ntar
Oakland; $1 down and $1 per month. ' •mBm_a|
JACOB II 13 YM AN, ,'
-... •• ,\ ; 117; Butter st. .
$50 LOTS— San Bruno avo.,' San Mateo County;
$1 down and $1 per month. - ¦-" ¦ ¦ i ¦..-.•..
JACOB HEYMAN, .
' ' 117 Butter st. :
CHOICK IUJILDINO LOTS. r ' „
\V« are offering the northwest corner of
Hayes' and Fillmore sts. In subdlvlnlons, 2S
and 27:6 feet front, from $3259 up; only a few
left; one-third cash, —s •¦; -
$1750 each— Near Park Panhandle, 2 choice
building lots; offered at this low price to effect
Immediate sale: 25x137:8 each. • ¦ ."' : •
G H. UMBSEN & CO..'Real Estate Agents.'
, < ; •-.•¦ ¦¦••-; 14 Montgomery at.
SELECT your lot anywhere, we will biy it for
you, 1 erect a house to suit and sell It to you
on very easy term*. THE MCCARTHY CO.,
MATTRESSES AND PILLOWS. • :
TO order., also cleaned and sterilised, uphol-
stery; Al carpet cleaning: honest work guar-
anteed. HOPKE BROS.. 411 to 415 Powell st;
tel. Bu-h 4«. :.
MEDICAL.
A—RENOWNED specialist; those who desire to
obtain results promptly: I treat ladles only;
my regulator has no equal; all classes of fe-
male complaints relieved by treatment su-
perior to all others; the only treatment that
helps the unfortunate; the most obstinate
cases are Immediately relieved without pain;,
no other treatment will do this: the most dif-
ficult cases treated; scientific methods guar-
anteed. DR. O} W. O'DONNELL. 1018 Market.
MRS. DR. WYETH has removed from Poet st
to 410 O'Farrell; reliable ladies' specialist; 26
years' successful practice; guar. treatment at
office; any ailment; private home for patients
before and during confinement; low fees.
A POSITIVE cure guaranteed In all female
complaints or money returned; my regulator
never falls: the most obstinate cases relieved
without pain; best care: fee low; consult free.
MRS. DR. ALLEN.' 1118 Market, nr. Mason.
Dr. and Mrs. Da vies, 122S Market; our regulator
Is a treatment that has brought health and
happiness to thousands of suffering women;
office treatment guaranteed; strictly reliable.
HINDOHERB AND MRS. DR. DAVIES'
original method of treatment; maternity
home; stamp for circulars. 1126 Market, S. F.
T. DUFFY'S solution guaranteed to cure all
ekln diseases. NW. cor. G. G. ave. & Fillmore.
MI Ji i-S A.N 1* M \ [SIS t*.
MONTEZUMA— COPPER-COAL— COKE.
MONTEZUMA— COPPER— COAL— COKE.
. MONTEZUMA— COPPER— COAL— COKE.
Agreeably to promise we are enabled,
through the courtesy of California sharehold-
ers, who have Just returned from a visit to
the properties of Montezuma Mining Co., near
Fairfax. Washington, to present to the large
body of shareholders, who could not accom-
pany the excursion, and to prospective Invest-
ors as well, many strong letters o* ccm-
mendation of both properties and management
These letters are written by honorable men
who are competent to do their own thinking
and In their reports tell "the whole truth and
nothing but the truth" of the Montezuma's
great copper and coal properties. We repro-
duce below brief Quotations from these letters
¦R-hlch are printed in full In circular form and
will be mailed free on application.
QUOTATIONS.
"If there ever was a copper 'show* to make
stockholders enthusiastic that Is the 'Monte-
zuma's.' "
"My. specimens, taken at random from the
tunnels,' contain better values than the ore
on exhibition at the company's office."
"The veins of coal already uncovered, vary-
ing from 6 to 11 feet In width, convinced me
that my Investment was a good one."
"The great difficulties that stood In the way
of opening up this property will, when over-
come, enable the plant to be worked almost
automatically." (This refers to water power
and dralnaze tunnels.)
"Too much praise cannot be given *.o the
management of Colonel C. W. Thompson, the
president of the company. His very presence
assures one of the successful completion of
the work he has taken in hand."
"I found the properties to be much more
developed than I had expected and in my
judgment more valuable than represented. All
the work connected with them seems to have
been done in a systematic and economical
manner, consistent with a well-matured gen-
eral plan of operating a large property."
"Nature has certainly exerted herself In
favor of the Montezuma Mining Company.
Tour circulars, as eent out from time to time,
do not set forth the wonderful possibilities of
the district. I am satisfied the officers of the
company are men of integrity and ability and
thoroughly conversant with their business."
"I undertook the trip with some doubt of
the final outcome, expecting the usual exhibi-
tion of a 'hole in the ground,' 'and a voluble
description of what we are going to do, but
imagine by surprise when a full realization of
the possibilities and magnitude of the under-
taking dawned upon me. I believe rpy in-
vestment beyond the point of speculation and
in the realm of the 'sure thing.' "
"Every indication points to the fact that the
Montezuma has in this 'Tacoma' mine a fund
of almost inexhaustible wealth."
As the natural result of this visit of share-
holders and the subsequent increased sale of
shares, prices are advancing and Installment
terms are etlffenlng. All installment terms
prior to this date are withdrawn and "the
schedule given below will hold for only a
Ehort time.
PRICES:
The present price cl Montezuma shares is
15c cash or 17c on Installments. After August
1 the price will be 18c cash or 21c on Install-
ments, the company reserving the right to
withdraw these prices without notice.
INSTALLMENT TERMS.
1000 shares. $10 down and -$10 monthly.
8000 shares, $30 down and $30 monthly.
4000 shares, $40 down and $40 monthly. ¦
6000 shares, $50 down and $42 50 monthly.
> C000 shares, $60 down and $51 monthly.
! 10,000 chares, $100 down and $85 monthly.
The quality of Montezuma shares Is evi-
1 denced by the fact' that the slump in oil stocks
and the prevailing labor troubles do not
seriously interfere with our business. Monte-
zuma has the confidence of every shareholder
and is making new converts every day.
It is the biggest and safest mining company
on the continent that offers its shares by popu-
lar subscription.
N. B.— We make a standing offer of $100 and
expenses to the person who, after visiting the
Montezuma mines, flnd3 we have made a sin-
gle misstatement thereof.
Ask for prospectus.
THE AMERICAN GUARANTT & TRUST CO..
Selling Agents,
310 Safe Deposit Building,
San Francisco, California.
EXCEPTIONAL MINING OPPORTUNITY.
Capital is needed to work ore In a group of
thoroughly developed gold mines of large ex-
tent and undoubted value; tunnels, shafts
and drifts already completed expose vast
bodies of valuable ore on the mother lode:
no hoisting or pumping.; free water rights;
cash required. $20,000, for which a liberal in-
terest in the mines 'will be given; immense
Incomes are derived from neighboring mines
on the fame lode. 321 Phelan bldg.
MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALB^
BOILERsT^nTines. 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-137 Fremont St.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, restaurant and po-
ker tables, barroom chairs, linoleum, new and
second hand; we always have a large stock of
saloon outfits on hand: 32 complete outfits on
one floor, ready made: we can ship everything
In 24 hours. J.NOONAN, 1017. 1U19. 1021. 1023
M lESion St., above Sixth; write for catalogue.
Granhophones, Phonographs, Gramophones, $5 to
$U0- easy terms: children's toy graphophones
$1 M- 2d-hand Phonographs, Gramophones very
cheap Columbia Phonograph Co.. 125 Qeary._
AIR compressor, 3 sizes, 5. 10, 20 stamp mills;
$0 mining cars, pumps, locomotive, rail mo-
tors, generators; 4 sets 'hoisting works; steam
and water power. J. Ii. Jardine. 220 Fremont.
FOR sale— A lot of lumber, all aize moulding,
brackets, sewer' pipe, 6-lnch; doors, four
wooden mantels, large wash tray, large range.
Box 3941. Call office. ;
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear, machinery, en-
gines boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WH1TELAW. 216 Spear Bt
FOR nale— A second-hand harp in first-class
condition: $100 ca»h. Apply 1U0U Broadway,
room 1, Oakland, Cal. .
ALL kinds Second-hand building material, lum-
ber lath, brick and firewood: lowest prices.
Dolen Building Supply Co.. 1611 Market St.
CANAIUKS for *ale; your choice from 250
.males and females. 628 Minna st, between
Seventh and Eighth. ¦
4 HBAUTIFITL diamond rings cheap; no rea-
sonable ciiah offer refused; mutt sell. 2400
Howard st.
RKMEMBKn thu College Kennels has thelarr-
ckt utock of dogs of all descriptions. • • 115
llnl.ht st . :
A-« CO DISnnY and Fedora hats, $1 75. Popu-
lar Trice. Hatters, 830 Kearny St., near Pine.
clFlCKP, 10c rsc'h: thorouKlilircrt hutching e«g«.
Inglfslde Poultry Yurdw, 807 Mt. Vortion ave.
HEADQUARTERS for trunkB.-bnits and riroai
rvilt cases. A. ». BM1TH CO., 12S Ellis st.
NF.AT, nearly new Job printing plant, $1!J;
Gordon press, ttc, soon. 1007H Folsom nt.
rXnob for sale. Apply 153 Tehama st, down-
stairs. .':-¦¦¦¦
FINE suits, $10: dress pants, $2 75. ' MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLOUS. 437 Montgomery st.
9 FINK show cases for sale. HENRV KAHN
& CO., 641 Market at. ' ¦
GOOD family cow for sale In Oakland. Doz
rtg Builders' Exchange. City. ¦ ,
MOVING Dlcture attachments for magic lan-
, terns. $11 CO.- 109 . Montgomery st.
GASOLINE engines, all sizes, new and socond-
hand. J.. E. DOAK.&11 Mlrslon st. .¦'..
FIRST-CLABS second-hand modern enclnes and
boilers bought and sold. KROGH Jim Co.THE SAN FKAKCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, 28, 1 9 O1 ?
30
mKLANDT ADVERTISEMENTS^
, OAKLAND REAL ESTATE. ;',;
$2500— S10O DOWN/ balance monthly: brand neV
. home of 6 fine large sunny rooms, > with por-
celain bath and sink; elevated lot; 40x150 feet
: (note -the* size) ;¦. near Grove at. ;- street < work
/.all done; a -pretty, cozy home at a sacrifice.
/ ¦• ' ;.:„• GEO. \V.- AUSTIN & CO..
, ; - * - :."¦ Broadway."' Oakland. ; -j
$850— ONLY $50 to $100 flown, balance about' $13
per month.' Including Interest; plain but com-
fortable house of 7 rooms, • bath, ' hall, < sliding
•doors, front' porch, and basement; very sunny
all day and In good condition; insured for
$1100; nice little barn, driveway and garden;
•.city, water In house and barn; a.forced sale
on account of owner's departure for the East;
total price only $850 on installments; liberal
¦ discount ' for a quick cash ¦ sale ; street ' work
all done; near San Pablo ave. and local trains
v to San Francisco; title perfect and guaran-
teed; no mortgage; investigate at once.
. GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO.,
'. ¦ : ; -100a Broadway.* Oakland. ;
$3500 "WILL buy an Eastlake cottage of 7 rooms
¦ and bath, with all modern ¦ improvements;
lot i 60x150; nice garden ; stone walks ; choice
'location;, sunny side of street; close to elec-
tric cars; $250 cash, balance on easy, terms. ,
• GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO..
•; 1008 Broadway. Oakland.
$1500— COZY, nearly new, modern Eastlake cot*
tage. with hall; high basement, bay window
and stationary tubs; sunny side of -Filbert
st., near in; terms. $200 down, balance month-
ly, or liberal discount for spot cash; rents
for $12 per month; insured for '„ $700; street
work and walks complete; title perfect and
.guaranteed; no mortgage. • ¦
•¦¦>-.- - GEO. ~W. AUSTIN & CO.V>*'^'
.-...¦-. ¦ s ¦'...-• 1008 Broadway.- Oakland;
REDUCED to $5500 for a quick sale; elegant
home sacrificed; corner Eighth and Adeline
¦ sts. ; only one block from station; 13 rooms;
modern glumblng and stetan furnace; finished
basement and attic; newly painted; conveni-
ent ¦ and I prominent location for local physi-
cian or San Francisco business man; lot 50x
100; nice lawn, and all In good condition;
coat $11,000; a big bargain.-
GEO. WV- AUSTIN.*: CO.. ~ -
• ¦ .1008 ..Broadway. Oakland. -
$2800— AN elegant modem Eastlake cottage of
S rooms, bath, hall, high basement, laundry,
brick foundation, double parlors, i etc. tall In
good condition); street work all done; stone
walks laid; one block: oft San Pablo ave. ;
handy to narrow gauge station; sunny front-
age; now well rented; bargain for a quick
cash sale, but terms can be arranged. •
GEO. "W. AUSTIN & CO..
...-..-• 1008 - Broadway, Oakland.
$1800— JUST like rent; 9 rooms, bath, basement,
I eta; lot 40x120; cost $2500; sunny side; near
Ban Pablo ave. ; $20 per month, installments;
near local railroad station. • •
- , GEO. "WV AUSTIN & CO.,
. 1008 Broadway, Oakland.
A SPLENDID LIST OF VALUES.
$12,500— Finest suburban home- around ! Oak-
land; elegant 10-room residence; 5 acres of
choicest fruit and shrubbery ; superb location;
fine neighbors; great sacrifice; cost $25,000.' - .
, $3250— Extraordinary sacrlflo; $300 to $500 cash;
modern 2-story residence; 8 rooms, bath; extra
large lot; special bank sale; choice location,
between Telegraph ave. and Grove st. and con-
veniently close In; a snap.
$3650— Ideal suburban home; new colonial
style; 8 rooms;. two acres choicest fruit; every-
thing. Al shape. • \ ¦••-.-•
$1450— Must sacrifice; bank mortgage $1200 can
remain ; 2 years old ; Dutch colonial cottage. 4
rooms, reception hall, porcelain bath, mantel,
gas fixtures ; street complete ; a pickup.
¦* $18,000— Cost $27,000; one of the choicest homes
In Oakland;. construction, architecture and lo-
cation the finest: heirs are forcing a sacrifice;
built In 1891 and In fine order. >:_
$5000— Handsome modern 7-room flats, up to
date in every, detail; rents $50 month: choice
residence location. -
$3100— Near Clinton station. East Oakland, and
within walking distance of Broadway; extra
good ' two-story 8-room house, .3 years old;
worth $4500; corner lot; this Is a choice home
bargain. '
JUST COMPLETED.
$4000 and $4500 each— Two handsome (latest
architecture) 8-room residences, fronting beau-
tiful Telegraph ave.; the terms we will mal;«
to suit you; cheaper than rent; see us for full
particulars.
A special sacrifice; $7500; Alice st.. Lakeside
district; 12-room home; owner non-resident; of-
fer wanted; must sell; cost $12,000; see this.
See us for Oakland Real Estate.
i LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO..
¦ Offices and Salesroom,
. 460 and 462 Eighth St.,
. Oakland. ¦
COTTAGE! « rooms and* bath: lovely garden;
fruit and flowers In great profusion; barn,
carriage driveway, etc; adjoining Kaat Oak.
land; 75x100; price $1900; will mnke terms. 455
Seventh it., Oakland, opposite Broadway sta-
tlon. H. Z. JONES. ' ' v ~
$17R CASH. $9 monthly: K acre, more or less,
with a rustlo cottage of 8 rooms; chleken-
' house nhed. etc;; nice assortment of full-bear-
ing fruit tree*; fin* living sprlnjr: city water
In house; 6-foot picket fence, trees nnd shrub-
bery: fine noil; no fo«« or raw winds: nicely
r»heiteri»d ; just - the - spot for chicken-raisin* ;
price $000 In all: two blocks from electrlo car
line; 9 minutes' walk to local train, H. F.;
near 2 fine school-house* and 2 churches; ad-
•Jolnln* East Oakland. Call or send for circu-
lar. 4SR Seventh st.. opposite Broadway sta-
tion, Oakland ;.rnrrlar*» free. •
HENRY Z. JONES, Owner.
5 ACRES, Frultvale; all In fruit; B-room
house: fine water; cheap at $3500. C. K.
KINO. -052 Broadway. Oakland. '-
$600 FOR 6 acres near Mnyfleld. Pan Mateo Co.;
small 2-room house. C. K. KING, 832 Broad-
" way, Oakland.
160 ACRES- House", barn, 15 head cattle. 10
hogs: Alameda County; $1200. C. K. KING,
932 Broadway, Oakland. -
$3250— THE handsomest new house ever - con-
structed for sale in this city; space too expen-
sive to extoll all of its charming qualities as
to location, construction, etc.; any one wish-
ing to buy a home on easy terms can got a
bargain; It Is only necessary to see the proD-
erty to b« convinced of Its charming quali-
ties and -the low price asked for the property.
The owner will make very easy terms to the
buyer who means buftn«»ss. ¦ • •
J. 8. MYERS & CO..
1002 Broadway, Oakland, Cal.
5-ROOM rottace: 2 bay windows: ht«r*i. base-
ment;. rhicken-,h"use: street work all done;
lot 25x133: Price S1000: 3 blocks to railroad «ta-
tlon: North Oakland. Artdresm M. CHRIS-
TENSEN, 1236 Green st...San Francisco.
HOUSES of every description an* ¦nri^ci for
sale or rent. Apnly to W. E. BARNARD.
.1118 Broadway: telephone Mnln 10. '
OAKLAND HOUSES TO LET.
$28— FINE modern cottage. 7 rooms; garden.
$16— 5-room cottare; near trains.
. $15 — 7 : rooms : bath : (rarden : . stable.
. $25 — 6 rooms: furnished nieelv; stable. '
• $40—11 rooms :-Vernon Heights; stable; garden;
lawn; completely carpeted. . :."*
$17— Cottage. 6 rooms; lawn: near train.;
$12 K0— «-room flat: near local. , :
• GEO. W. ATTSTIN & CO., 1008 ¦Rrnartway.y j
¦ .- The House Rpnters of Oakland. Cal.
"^OAKLAND AND . BOARD.
TENTH. 672— Beautiful sunny rooms*, for cou-
* pies: home cooking; 120 upward: references. *
¦ OAKLAKPFrRNITITnTO FOR S ALE.
AN Introduction to you from H. ' Schellhaaa. the
furniture <1<»»ilgr. 11th nnd FrankHn. Oakland.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
BROADWAY. 410-412— The most elegantly fur-
nished sunny rooms in locality: single . and
-. housekeeping; rents reasonable: first-class at-
tentlon. .- ¦ ¦ . " ¦¦'•- : ..-- r .'¦'¦¦-
BRYANT, 1752, corner Seventeenth— Two sunny
¦ unfurnished."- hous»kee!<lnr ¦ rooms,' j running
- ' -water, gas; also 1 furnished room. .%..•¦•
CALIFORNIA, !j 3031—3 sunny rooms fumishc
• for light housekeeping; ' no children. ¦.
CEDAR ave.. 24. near Larkln. Post and Geary—
• 3 "sunny - unfurnished housekeeping' rooms;
running water; bath; reasonable. - •---.•V > ¦¦:•
EDDY,- 933—3 or '4 unfurnished sunny rooms;
; conveniences; private residence; no children.
ELLIS, ' 101C— Small suite and kitchen; newly
,.<furnished modern flat; reasonable; no chlldrn.,
ELLIS. 1127—2 nicely » furnished . sunny , rooms ;
; complete for, housekeeping. ';¦ J ;. ¦'.;•/ '¦•.••"•..'
ESSEX. 12 (Rincon Hill)— Large sunny house-
-. keeping rooms;;also single-room: cheap. '
FIFTH. 809— New, house, nicely furnished bay-
¦:. window, rooms ; ; gas ; > running ; water; \- also
' housekeeping rooms ; : reasonable. '" ': ',
FIFTH, 353— Two furnished housekeeping. : $10:
$20. with bath; also single. $5 up a mo.
OOUGH. HS-pSunny^room for light. housekeep-
ing. ',$!>' mol;: phone;, bath; heater;.* gas.
HOWARD, 1042— Nicely furnished -suite; gas,
, bath, -etc.- ,. : - - • .->-; ¦-::¦-.¦¦ - - -. ¦:¦•*;':;¦¦:-.
HYDE; 412— Sunny I alcove,; suite unfurnished ;
also basement suite of ,2 or 3 rooms, $14; also
' furnished.. ".' -V--r- ':->': '-:.'•• ¦ 'zj< •¦¦:'¦: ' '¦.'.¦'.¦¦'•. ' •'¦
JESSIE. ' G2— 2 small I sunny, unfurnished rooms ;
use of kitchen./ ¦ . ' - - ' ¦'¦¦. ¦¦¦'-'¦
LARGE I rooms, ' first : floor; large grounds; efiit-
¦ able ' for ¦ families with children." 'Apply- 620
-;Folsom ! st.''' '•>¦ \s ..-,. '-¦¦¦¦w :.;;." '¦ :->.'.'/ ¦¦-'tn'-.;',.- '¦
ILEAVENWORTH. » 720. near gutter— New and
1 elegantly t furnished rooms ; .¦ all ~ conveniences
for,houseke_eptng. . • y -
BAI.'r; EgTATB CTTT— FOB lAf.
« BROTHERS,
tcs Montgomery ft, B. F.
MAGNIFICENT HOME.
<n Piclflc Heights; modern residence or H
«ns. completely and elegantly furnished; ma-
e view; will sell furnished or unfurnished;
ce,|with furniture, 535,000.
J PACIFIC HEIGHTS CORNER.
« Pacific ave.; marine and city view: all
fiy to build oa; 45 feet front; price reduced
JU.O00. ;Vv i ,,V;- :
THREE GOOD FLATS. • " ¦
•ear . Buchanan et.; 5 rooms and bath «*cn,
dern Hat» and up-to-date: rented at • MO
nth; rents are very low: ehould rent $oO; a
tk Eale desired; price $4500.
NEW FLATS.
"or Investment; In Panhandle district; 3 flats,
ooms each; strictly modern; rents $102 60 per
ath; price $10,500.
FINE CORNER LOT.
n Panhandle district; 46x100; elegant for
ts; *6000.
CHEAP LOT.
*n Clay et.. In Presidio Heights; 2RxlC2 feet;
y 11600; the cheapest lot in the dii<trict.
VALL.EJO STREET.
todern residence of 9 rooms; flnelr finished
•oughout; splendid marine view; prdce 113,500.
BUSH STREET.
Siree-rtory brick building;. stor«« below,
>m« above; 4 tenants? rented for $190; lot 35
«:6;, price J10.000.
JCEW HOME.
>n Castro St.. near Twentieth: 7 rooms and
th;sall Jatest modern Improvements; $1000
'!:, balance on time; price $1000.
WESTERN ADDITION RESIDENCE.
Corthweat corner; pood location; bvoadslde to
n; 10 rooms; only $7500.
SOUTH OF MARKET.
Fwo buildings on Clara st.; rent $26; prlc4
KtO.
UflUr call for lists of lots; houses built to
It on any lot in San Francisco.
McAFEE BROTHERS.
• 108 Montgomery st^ ¦•'
. " San Fianclsco.
3VEE. TOT & SONXTAG,
Real. Estate Agents.
tumeu . Rented. Rents- Collected and Full
Charse Taken of Property.
624 MARKET ST. - .-
&30.OOO— Choice corner on Geary st., a few
Dcka from Market: lot 56 ft. front; old im-
ovements; choice investment.
530.000— Choice corner *on Jones St., near
Farrell; frame improvements: rentn J102 per
anth; lot 50x«7:6 feet: eplendid location for
omlng and boardins house.
CO.000— Choice lot on Howard st, close to
euart et.: lot 45:10x137:6 feet.
{12,500— Choice piece of property on Sd et.,
er Eryant rt. ; store and 11 room* above.
512,000— Choice residence on the north line of
aehlr.gton Et., near Walnut Et.; 16 rooms
hI 2 baths; all latest improvements.
Fine marine view; lot 32x102:8*4 feet. ,
ESO per front foot— 3 choice lots on the north
ie of Pacific ave.: size 40-47:6 and 50 feet
• 137:6 feet frontage; elegant marine view
KB this property.
fSOOO— 2 nice fiats on Frederick St., near Ash-
iry st.; 6-7 room* and bath; rents $70 per
nnth.
$4S00— Choice residence on Sacramento st.; 7
oms and bath; porcelain tubs and sink; nat-
•al wood mantels; lot 23x117:6 feet.
12000— Choice lot on Clay Bt., near I/yon et.;
t 23x100 ft.
flSOO— Choice cottage In the Richmond dls-
tct; on car line; 4 rooms, and bath; built
ie year.
$700— Choice corner lot In the Mission; 28x100
.; street work done: belongs to bank; must
i told. TTe also have other cottages which
n be had on easy terms and we will build
euit purchaser.
Further particulars of
BOVEE. TOY & BOXXTAO.
ANHATTAX LOAN COMPANY.
fReal Estate and Loans.
7th Floor. Crocker Building..
Rent $40; two flats; Minna Et., near 8th:
street accepted: concrete sidewalk; bay-
windows; house In rood condition; in-
surance $3000: lot 'worth $2500; $2000 can
remain on mortgage.
500— Rent $23; cottage of 5 rooms, modern
condition; new plumbing; Langton St.,
¦near Howard and Sth sts. ; street ac-
cepted; a nice home within walking dis-
tance of work; $1800 can remain on mort-
raee; this property must be cold; an
offer wanted.
p , .* • MANHATTAN LOAN CO..
- 7th floor. Crocker bldg.
1,000— CORNER on Drumm st., near Market.
ZS, 000— Market St.. near Ninth; brick improve-
ents; lot 25x100.
JGOOtt— Devlsadero-st. store, flat an-1 house:
nt $7S per month; lot 25x125.
Itooo— Cottage: « rooms; stable; nlo* garden:
t 60x122; in Mission warm belt; ittreet bl-
mlnlxed.
"-toft— Two modern flats of S and « rooms;
nt $49.
125, ow— Fine corner on Powell St.; S houses
id lot 87x1=7:6.
taooo— Cor. nr. Oary and Taylor: old Imps.
$21.000— Lot; California, near Kearny; (0x137:6.
fR7nn — Three n*-w flat*; rents $S5 per month.
$2250— New 5-room cottage; on Elghteenth-st.
ir lln»: terms to wit.
¦ JEROME ENGLISH. 11 Montgomery st
>ewen nnos. " /
$3750— A fine Mission home; worth $4500; part
i*h: choice location; Liberty «t., near Dolores.
S2700 for three lots; each ir.xlH: on Ulithtrfnlh
c, near Noe; lots ready for bulldlmr; ctreet
Ituminlzed: the cheapppt lots in the Miiwlon.
I16S0— S rooms and bath: a bargain: nice cot-
IS'". on Fanchex *t., near Twenty-alxth; must
e told; can arrange cavy term*.
170— A map for a email Investment; a level
»t at O^an View.
! McEWEX BROS.. 118 Montiromfry St.
ANTA FE POINT RICHMOND
ANTA FE POINT RICHMOND
The Coming City.
Great Fanta Fe Railway Terminus.
Forty Feet of Water.
Great Railroad, Shipping and Coming Manu-
facturing Place.
j The finest buy on the Pacific Coast.
" Lots all level; streets graded; $125 and up.
' {10 cash; (5 monthly.
McEWEN"BROTHERS..il8 Montgomery Bt.
Sole Agents.
W0 CASH, $500 cash— Absolutely $500 carh is all
«. 6-room, bay-window, new cottage and two
lots will cost you; all the latest and most
modern plumbing; wooden mantel, tiling,
high plastered basement: five minutes from
Twenty-ninth and Mission ets.; the balance
of $1500 can be paid off at $16 monthly; less
than rent. You never again will get such a
rhanee for a home. P. A. DOLAN'S Central
B«al Etrtat* Offle, 1607 Market St., opp. Frank-
lin: open Sundays.
I GENUINE bargain— First-class Sixth-st.
business and flat property; $250 a month, $3000
a year Income; rents are very low. so It's al-
ways fully occupied: only $26,000 for this 75x
, 80-foot lot. fully covered by 3-story bay-wln-
dow building containing 4 glass-front stores
end 8 and 7 room flats: all in Al condition.
<You can't equal It In a thousand years' hunt.
N. P. EICKELS. the Land Agent, 6 Geary.
2550— BAT- WINDOW.. cottage. 6 rooms; recep-
-tlon ball, baths and all modern conveniences;
rnarine view; must be sold on account of de-
parture. Apply 623 Connecticut agents.
TOR •¦xchange— Two houses and lots In Salinas
for Eunnyslde or Ocean View cottage, sear
cars. Address 72 Pond st.
(6500— TERMS to Bult; handsomely decorated
funny 10-room residence; substantially built,
finished by day work; every possible latest lm-~
provement: heaters, registers, 6 basins, plate
end art glass windows; marine & park view;
the choicest of any near panhandle; large lot
S6:CxlOO; Fulton st., nr. Ehrader: Hayes or
'McAllister st. cars; open from 11 to 4:30.
TOR rale as a whole or In subdivisions; 60-
vara. lot: south line Union st.: 137:6 feet east
of Pierce. Lot. northeast corner Green and
Pierce sts.. 103:6x127:6 feet. Inquire of
CHARLES C. BEMIS. Real Estate Broker.
' 224 Montgomery st. > -. ~.
JIX erven and eight-room cottages: also tw,o
flat houses In block between 17th, 18th. Castro
and Noe sts.;,U cash, balance monthly pay-
ments: Castro or Guerrero-st. cars. F. NEL
, SON, builder. ¦_ • ¦•
(27S0 BARGAIN: comfortable new house, 7
'rooms and bath; eunny; 23 Cook et., near
iPxiint Lobos ave.; easy payments. Owner
t premises 2 to 4. - ."-.
fc^tr-TriNDOW cottage. E lots; $1300 cash
'or terms. W. SILLERICK, E27 Gates St., off
t Cortland ave. . / - '¦ .' ¦:'•¦' •-'
CLASSIFIED advertisements and eubscrlptlons
t rfceived at Call branch office. 2200 Filimore st.
1 UH AL ESTATIS — COBXTBT— For Sal*
A "SNAP"— Only $1400 for this nicely Improved
end fully equipped ¦ lovely home and money-
making 80-acre foothill ranch: only 6 miles by
' fine level county road' from Napa; near 8
acres very richest of, level black loam under
cultivation: 100 bearing fruit trees : (Including
• 2 very large and prolific orange trees) : good
S-room residence; barn., sheds, several poul-
trr hou*es: rock cellar: - water piped from
' rorlng' Includes horse, cow. poultry, wagon.
Incubator, all farm and carpenter tools, etc.;
' everything goes; 1000 cords of wood In pas-
JJ^j. SICKELS. the Land Agent. 6 Geary.
THE MEZES TRACT AT BELMONT. . . -..¦-.
Containing over BOO acres.. with many beauti-
ful lots covered trlth oaks and other trees and
commanding cftnd view; within one hourof the
city; In subdivision; price only $75 per acre and
further P^^ F " E^ 0 THERS,
1C8 Montgomery. Et., San Francisco. '
IX> you want to Invest a little money in some
lands that will make you; a; fortune quick?
Write at once for full particulars. -Address
RESAZ* ESTATE— COPJfTRT~For 8»>*>"
THE FAMOUS ALTA PUNTA RANCH. '.
On San Pablo avenue. :
8 miles north of Berkeley.
In subdivisions— Easy term*. m
Electric road f ranchiso granted through this
property. ¦ v v. ¦
Good eoll— Fine -water. . ¦-•"_¦. .;:
McEWEN BROS., 118 Montgomery et, S. F.
FINE stock farm of 620 acres, near Marysville;
<80 acres wheat, 15 acres garden." berries and
fruits. - balance summer, fallowed : water right
to 2000 Inches of water goes with place; ditch
will cover several thousand '.- acres; water
right alone is worth price asked lor place ;
this must be 6old to close an estate; price $Z5
an acre. Box 476, Marysyllle. Cal.
. FOR SALE NEAR SAN FRANCISCO
Small tracts, $60 to $80 per acre, on Rancho
Cotati, Sonoma Co.; future value assured, as
Ban Francisco is growing rapidly; location
best for poultry and' general farming. Apply
to The Cotati Co.. 302 California eU. for pam-
phlets or Information. ' . v
FOR sale— The celebrated Madron Springs, 827
acres of land; a fine summer resort; about 60
miles from San Francisco; In Santa Clara
County; Improvements cost $25,000; will sell
at a sacrifice. For full particulars Inquire or
S. SALZ, Decoto,, Alameda Co.. Cal.
FOR sale— An Ideal place for chicken ranch of
seven acres, close to town; everything new
and complete; nice home; beautiful location;
personal reasons for selling; will go for two-
thirds actual value; only part cash required.
For full particulars write to F. WATRY. So-
noma. Cal. - -
HOTEL and bar; easy payments or trade; M
rooms; large grounds; near large factory and
depot; near San Francisco: real estate and
furniture, $3750. KING'S. 457 9th st., Oakland.
FOR sale — Ranch of 74 acres; Rood house and
outbuildings: partly to fruit; near S. P. sta-
tion; price $$000. - Address MRS. C. V. DAY,
Valencia. Santa Cruz Co.. Cal.
CONTRACTS taken for Bakersfleldoll forest re-
serve; scrip bought and sold: mining and
mines given special attention. R. L. RADER,"
SIC Montgomery st.
REDWOOD timber lands— Selected and in lots
to suit; 160 to 5000 or more* acres at from $5 to
$10 an acre. - ROTHERMEL & MERRELL,
607 California st. . ~
LAKE County ranch f6r sale; 160 acres; fine
crop of (train: plenty wood, water:- near Clear
Lake. Address J. P. CRANE. Kelseyvllle.
POULTRY and dairy ranches for sale; write for
free lift. C. R. WINFIELP. Petaluma. Cal.
FOR sale — Choice lots In Millbrae. near echool-
house/Tgrms of MARK LANE. 634 Market st.
$1060— FRENCH prune orchard, 23 acres, in
bearing. P., 5004 California st.
FOR Mendodno County stock - ranches and
farms address W. M. PEERY. TJklah. Cal.
REAL ESTATE WANTED.
WANTED — By /responsible parties, ranch on
shares. Call or address 407 Thirty-eighth st.,
Oakland. ' • * /
ROSS VALLEY REAL ESTATE.
LARGE and small houses for sale, lease or
exchange; building lots and land by acre. J.
TUNSTEAP. San Anselmo. ¦
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
$S00— LOT 43x150; 6-rcom house; one block
from Park St.; easy terms.
$1500— Lot 33:4x125; house of 5 rooms and
bath; on Central ave.; will sell on monthly
Installment. - -^
$1900— Lot 30x150; nearly new . modern ! cot-
tage of a rooms and bath; $250 cash and $20
per month. .
J210O— Lot 50x140; with 2-story house of 6
rooms and bath; tcOO down and balance to
cult; 2 blocks from Park-street station.
$2500— Lot 33:4x150. with a fine, well-built
modern cottage of 5 rooms and bath; 1 block
from school and station; will sell on easy
monthly Installments. - ,
$3000— Lot 40x150; elegant new modern cot-
tage of 6 rooms and bath; elegant front and
rear porch; $500 down and $25 per month;
great bargain;" near Morton-st. station. •
$3500— Lot 40x150; new modern story and
half cottage of 8 rooms' and, bath, with fine
finished basement: $500 down and $27 50 per
month installment; 2 blocks from statlpn and
$6000^-Lot 60x207%; on Main ave., neat school
and station, with elegant 10-room residence,
stable and carriage house; coet $11,000; a
great snap. v
Houses- to let In all parts of Alameda.
H. P. MOREAL & CO..
'-, r "',-.!.. 1422 Park street. Alameda,
GREATEST bargains ever offered for sale by
. . the Alameda Land Company.
$1100— Good 4 -room cottage; lot 48x125.
$1400— 3-room cottage; large lot 60x150; near
trains and schools; only 30 minutes' ride to
city* a snap.
11500—5 rooms and bath; lot 30x125; must be
sold this week. ..:,..
J19C0— Fine new cottage; corner lot; fine loca-
tion; easy terms; 128 per month will pur-
J2:oo— A great bargain; 8 rooms and bath; lot
35x-ir>0: bent locality In Alameda.
$2850— A fine 8-room house, nearly new, mod-
ern* nice lot; must be sold.
Bargain* in all parts of Alameda. .
Ht»Uf< » built, rented and exchflnged.
ALAMEDA LAND COMPANY.
ir.no Park st, Alameda,
Office open Sundayi and evenings.
$er.0-COTTAOB of 4 rooms; lot 23xlOS.
$760— Cottage of 4 rooms; lot 23x100.
tlOSO— Cottage of 4 rooms; lot 23x107.
$1100— Cottage of 5 rooms; lot 25x150.
$1200— Cottage of 6 rooms: lot 2oxl50.
$1D00— Store and flat; lot 25x150.
$2000— cottage of 7 rooms; lot 88x70.
$1900— 2-story house. 7 rooms; windmill, etc.;
1 °Modern 7, 8 and 9 room houses, from $3000 to
1 $sooo.
Furnished and unfurnished houses for rent.
Agency New Zealand. London Assurance,
British America and Citizens' Insurance com-
• panles. CHARLES ADAMS & CO..
Bay Station, Alameda.
CHOICE BARGAINS in Unimproved Lots.
{GOO Lot 25x150; near Morton-6t, station.
IG30— Lot 50x140; on Broadway, near Park-st.
E $lC00-^Lot 50x120; near Morton-st. statloa
$1000— Lot 50x150; Pacific ave., near Willow-st.
$1100-^-Lot 60x150; Buena • Vista ave. and Wal-
1 $1000^-Corner. 50x140; Everett St., near Park-st.
1 fisn^-Lot 60x132: near Grand st. and Cen-
• tral ave. CHARLES ADAMS &.CO..
i Bay Station, Alameda. ¦
' $500-CORNER lot. ~~~ ' ~~ ~
i $1200— 5-room cottage; centrally located; al-
1 ways rented.
. 11600— 5-room modern cottage; this is a nice
home and a great bargain.
J37JO Kew 8-room modern house on a corner.
; Property in all parts of Alameda for sale.
0 Building lots a specialty. Office open even-
• lngs and Sund H y AMMO*D * hammond;
2326 Santa Clara ave.. near Park st.
• IK LOTS, size 25x100. for $40 each; a great bar-
4 lots 40x200; street work complete; a great
' 4 lots on Sherman st. ; 75x150; choicest prop-
• erty in Alameda. ¦ -"
Fine home on Central ave.; new; modern
'• improvements: $5000.
s Beautiful home on Clinton ave.; comer lot;
r chouse of 8 - rooms ;. $5250^ CQ ;
1424 Park st. Alameda.
1 $1300— NEW cottage of 6 rooms, with lot, near
• station: $300 cash and $12 60 per month. J. H.
e YOUNG. 1243 Park St.. Alameda. ¦
j BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
J ... BERKELEY REAL ESTATE. -.
• i ¦ -.I.H.I .i i -i ¦ i -i . . j.- - -
l f $800— OR $100 cash, bal. $12 per month; \ four
rooms; rustic, barn; lot 40x136; well and
_ • pump. W. C. MORAN &¦ CO. ' ¦ .
1 $2500— $100 CASH, bal. $18 per < month ;. 8 rooms;
Z end basement: fine brick foundation; sewer
and water connected: will trade for a ranch
of equal value. W. C. MORAN & CO. V
"? $4000— NEW 8-room house, with every modern
,r Improvement; corner lot; 50x125; on 100- too
ir street. W. C. MORAN & CO. ,
_ $2000— $200 CASH, balance $20 per month:
ih cheaper than -rent; one block to- train and
ff cars; porcelain bath, tiled sink, ' stationary
tubs; fine mantel and sideboard; tinted .walls;
_ 6 large rooms; at Golden Gate. Lorin, Ashby
is and North Berkeley. W. C. MORAN & CO.
i. $500— LOTS in the WTieeler. Tract; finest view
~ In Berkeley, Just north of the U. C. grounds;
• see the new houses going up In this tract. W.
— C. MORAN & CO. ;. ¦'¦""¦'¦'",
-* 150 ACRE lots; will double Inside of a year.
y- xv. c. moran & co.. .
'V Lorin Station and Schmidt Block, Berkeley.
er THIS Is Just the place you are looking for;
iK near the university and public school; house
v5 of 6 rooms; lot 60x135: street work all done;
il- an ideal home; only $2700.
n, ' $5250— House of 9 rooms, ~ - all , modern ' lm-
:.; provements; east of Telegraph ave. and north
s- of D wight way; a bargain.,.
$6000 — House of 13 rooms: leased for $50
— monthly; first class Investment.- . •
$2200— A • fine business corner, 40x118; a
id money making proposition. »wrtp»BiiiaeHujfew.
be -JOSEPH J. MASON. Real Estate,
ad ., . v Adjoining P. P.. Berkeley.
12600— PRETTIEST cozy little ' home In Berke-
ley; new; completes open plumbing: fronts
main street; electric cars in front; near sta-
— tlon; lot 40xl3S; sloping lawn; flowers, chicken
ne bouses and stone walks: partly furnished with
*? new furniture; easy terms if desired. »
es » GEO." W. AUSTIN & CO.; .
100S- Broadway..
ROOMS ;' FOR HOUSEKEEPING— -Con.
LARKIN, 623— S ninny .unfurnished rooms ;:ga»
— and bath; other mfc.; modern; private family.
MINNA; 237,' New York House, bet. Third and
jg | Fourth— Housekeeping rooms; 2 and 3 rooms/
MISSION," 1063— Suites of [ housekeeplns rooms,
completely furnished. .... .:': . . /- .--..-- * : ..- *
MISSION, 1427B— Housekeeping ro,oms "• to let,
. wlth>bath: -.. . ; . " '¦ ¦ ... ¦ ;
'MISSION, 1534— Front and back parlor: sult-
. able . for doctor; also . housekeeplns rooms. , . .v
MORRIS ave., 113, near Bryant— 2 unfurnished
¦ rooms for housekeeping; rent $5. . .
NEW MONTGOMERY. 106— ?S per month, sun-
. -ny ¦ furnished housekeeplns rooma to let. >
OAK, 119— Large • sunny parlors, . furnished,
• housekeeping ; yard ; $16 ; other single rooms ;
-.' reasonable., *'•- • - ¦¦¦¦¦•.,
OCTAVIA; 1403. cor. Geary— Sunny bay-window
partly furnished. parlor; kitchen; gas; ?12.
O'FARRELL, 1811—1 furnished and . 2 unfur-
nished rooms for housekeeping. .' . r , •
POLK. 1002—3 artd 5 room suites, completely
furnished for housekeeping. tlS up; reference.
POWELL, 1401—2 or 3 large connecting rooms
for . housekeeping, gas, bath; '< also single
. rooms ; reasonable. ¦¦ ~ ; " . ¦ -
SECOND ST.. 212— Furnished rooms for house-
keeping and others; clean and respectable;
no children; reasonable. : '
SEVENTH, ¦ S04— 2 fine front connecting rooms,
•partly furnished: carpets, ~curtans. folding
bed, gas; reasonable. - ' ' : ,' -.
SOUTH PARK, 137—2 or 8 well furnished sun-
ny front housekeeping rooms; . reasonable.
TENTH, 148—2 or 3 rooms for light house-^
keeping; cheap. - , ¦¦. ' y
TURK 613—2 rooms furnished for housekeep-
ing. $12; 1* large unfurnished room. Apply
from t l to 3. ' . ¦
"WALLER. 210— Unfurnished for housekeeping;
beautiful suite of sunny parlors; lavatory;
hot and cold water, bath, gas grate; grand
view; also Bunny bedroom.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st. . _._.__^__^__
ROOMS TO LET— Fnni. .and Unf urn.
ROOMS ¦ TO LET.
A— For rooms, apartments, housekeeping, fur-
nished, unfurnished, with or without board,
finest In city, see ELDER ROOM RENTING
, CO., 22 Kearny St.; tel. 2334 Red. ¦ .: '#•
AHLBORN HOTEL. 321 Grant ave.— Best {1 a
day family hotel In city; polite attendance;
large rooms, 50c- up; meals, 25c; free coach.
A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE. 148 Sixth— Rooms.
23c to »1 per night; $} 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
AT Shasta House, 246 Third— 2Q0 rooms, newrr
renovated; 25c to jl night: phone Black 4915.
BACHELOR Hotel, 13 Mason St.— 100 newly
furnished and renovated rooms, 50c up; ele-
vator; electric lights In every room; return
:' call bells; first-class; central; quiet; gen tle-
. • men only.
BRODERICK," 1311—3 rooms and bath; suitable
for light housekeeping. .' '-
BURNETT. 142S Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nished rms., suites, single; al3o unfurnished.
BUSH, 727— Furnished and unfurnished room
for gentleman; bath; gas; reasonable. - . ---
BUSH, 1043— Newly furnished rooms; all mod-
ern improvements; gentlemen only; ref'ncea.
CALIFORNIA, 718— Furnished rooms; sunny
Sand clean. '
CHATTANOOGA, 106— Furnished rooms; light
housekeeping If desired. ' •
CLARA. 166, near Fifth— Three rooms; rent
. $7 50. ' - .--¦¦¦¦--.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis,' cor. Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
EDDY, 106— Nicely furnished sunny suites; also
single rooms; reasonable. . . , " -
ELLIS, 413, hear Jones— Nicely furnished sun-
ny front rooms; suitable 'for one or two gen-
\ tlemen. • " ¦ ' '
FIFTH, 243— Furnished rooma.
FOLSOM 820. near Fourth— Nicely furnished
rooms to rent, $1 per week.
FOURTH, 225— A nice sunny front room; »ult-
able for two. ¦ - '¦
GEARY, 1237. cor. Gough— Two rooms, fur-
nlshed. suitable for light housekeeping.
GRADY, 89, off Market— 1 or 2 sunny rooms,
turn, or unfurn.; reasonable; private family.
GRANT ave., 29— Has changed hands; nicely
furnished sunny suites; .also single rooms;
day, week, month. | ' «
HARRISON, 770. bet. Third and Fourth— Nice
sunny front room. 1 or 2 gentlemen; rent reas.
H VWTHORNE. 172, near Harrison— Pleasant
medium-sited room for gent; reasonable ; ret.
HOTEL RT. DENIS (European plan), 24 Turk
tt., near Market-Central location; new build-
In*;- elegantly furnished; strictly nrnt-class;
COc per day and upward; special rates by the
week or. month; bent In the city; references;
taka Market-st. cabla cars to Turk it.
HAYES, 136-Small sunny room, suitable for
gentleman; rent, $6.
HOWARD, WSS-Sunny front bay-window, com-
fortably furnished room; iitove; electric lights;
reasonable. '
JONES, 613— Furnished rootnw from *8 up.
JULIAN ave.. 35—2 sunny furnlxhed rooms In
private family; % block from 14th & Mlwlon.
KHARNY. 84. and 47 Post— Offices or sunny
furnished rooms; en suite or single. -
LARKIN, 804-Large sunny rooms, $6 and $7;
small room. <6; suitable for gents.
LEAVENWORTH, 1521— Two large rooms; hot
and cold 'water; large yard.
MARKET, 1015 (New Arlington)— Nicely fur-
nlshed rooms, XL a week up; 35c a day up.
MARTINET. 1101 Geary— Elegant RUites, newly
furnished : private: bath: slnglj rooms $10 up.
MINNA. 667, corner Eighth— Newly furnished
~ bay-window room, tl per week; transient.
O'FARRELL, 20 — Sunny furnished ' rooms and
of flees: elevator: elec. lights; day, week, mo.
OXFORD, 271 O'Farrell— Furnished front suite
and single rooms, $3 week up; transient.
PINE, 803, corner Powell— Large nicely fur-
nished sunny front rooms; gentlemen; pri-
vate, family; $6 up.- *
ROYAL House. 126 Ellle— Incandescent light:
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par-
lor: rooms, per nipht, 35c to SI 50: week. K to
J8- month. JS to *20: elevator on ground floor;
rooms with hot and cold water: baths.
SCOTT. 112— Three unfurnished sunny rooms;
no children.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth St..
near Market— Furnished or unfurnlahed.
SHOTWELlT 121. near Sixteenth— Sunny fur-
ntshed front room; bath: $3 50 per month. ,'
STEVENSON. 63U&B— Widow wishes a lady . or
gentleman to take large sunny room. • . .
STOCKTON, 332— Nice sunny clean suites and
" single rms. : run. water;'baths: phone: cheap.
TAYLOR. 518— Small sunny front" room, with
5 " folding-bed; $7. • -. > ." " -
TEH AM A. 219%— Nicely furnished sunny single
; room. $5 per month. Call after 6 p. m. or
' Sunday. ¦ • ' ¦ ¦ ¦¦ -'.'¦'¦¦
THE NAVARRE. 405 Geary— Klejrantly furnish-
ed suites and single; travelers- accommodated.
TURK. G43— Nice sunny room on parlor floor;
• running water. -gas and bath: tlO.'
VAN - NESS. . 807— Elegant : suites/ newly fur-
nlphed. J30: also others: rooms first class. ¦
ROOM!! AND BOARD WANTED.
WANTED — Suite of rooms or large -alcove
with board, between Turk and Slitter, Frank-
lin and Taylor ;.stato price, full particulars;
reasonable. Box 3728, CaJl.- - '
WANTED — By a teacher, room anrl ¦ board In
¦ the Western "Addition; west of Flllmore and
north of California; references exchanged.
Box 37C3,;Call; office. * --'/ «
BOARD -and rooms wanted for , family ¦ of
. ¦ four adults -near Park Panhandle.
giving tprmw and locntlon. Pox 44'.7.' Call. .
~~ . ROOMS -WANTED. , " '
GENTLEMAN. ' ' vocalist, '4 '¦¦ with ' references,
wishes furnished ro»m ; with use of piano ¦ a
short : time each day: must be reasonable;
central: terms.'- Address box 3708, Call. , '.;',
, - - . "SPECI Ali 'NOTICES.
LADIES— Chlchester English : Pennyroyal Pills
are the best; 7 safe.; reliable;, take no other;
send 4c 5 stamps for. particulars. "Relief for
-.Ladles" in letter by : . return , mall; at. drug-
•* gists.; Chlchester Chemical Co.. Phlladel., Pa.
NOTICE— We • are ;•, responsible ;¦ forj our, ¦ photo
contracts ; and \ coupons as ; they are : printed ;
positively no verbal agreements with • agents
i accepted. ¦•; GLOBE Portrait Co.; ¦ 3 ¦ Taylor st.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; 'collections made;
: city or country... PACIFIC i COLLECTION
• CO.; 415 Montgomery St., rooms 9-10, , tel. 5580.
DISEASES and ailments of men ' treated ;' con-
¦ nultatlon fre<». ' American D'spenyary. 514 Pine.-
SEWING MACHINES J AND SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
i pairing;. lowest rates. ,. Tel. Black 1124, 205 4th.
"ALL kinds bought," Jiold;' rented.; exchanged; re-
:. i pairing lowest 'rates; phone Mint 45." 145 Sixth.
Continued on Page Thitry-two.
¦^K'8'tf. F D ranc1Sco. W ied « ,ea»
9 months and * days. ._ respect-
¦¦jssssAr'S *r£E «i N07 "'
. New Tork. area 57 rears-
fant son of -R. J. and Mart Haun.
HIGGINS-In this city. July t W H^] a9 M1 d C eariy
beloved husband of Brt^l-Sj* fathe^ln-
County Cork. Ireland." aged 60 years ana J
j^« 3S..HSSS
Jordan, beloved sister of Mrs. Annie WWt-
and acauaintances aw respect-
fully Invited to attend the funel^,a u^I
«^? ro'ctoc^^Ae^Mr-t
Olivet Cemetery, by electric «»™«J««- ¦
ttttt?vam— In this city, July 17. 1901, James
*£"££*£ husband y 'of Ellwbeth Kernan.
and father of James Mamie. Nellie «£*££-
zle Kernan. a native of County uaiway.
Ireland, aeed 63 years. _^
LACHMAN-In this city, July ». Do^
B. Lachman. beloved mother of Mr* =;
Meyer of San Francisco and }^*'££r&
of Reno. Nev.. a native of Germany, aged w
years « months and 25 days. -
McCORMICK-In this city. July JVr^fMt
C^ beloved husband of Margaret McCormick,
and father of Samuel. Walter and Marl*
McCormick. a native of County Donegal.
Ireland, aeed 48 years and i*? 0 "! 09^—-,.,,.
ETFriends and acaualntance« are «<£««-
fully invited to attend the times*! tojW
(Sunday), at 9:20 o'clock from h * s s lat »
. dence. 601 Bryant street, thence toSt Rose _S
Church for services at 9:45 o'clock. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
McGEORGE-In this city.
G., beloved husband of
and father of James H. and Alexander Mo-
George, a native of Scotland, aged 60 years.
M^ E a?l7e%f Ne M^y%« SfS^tt*^
' r^^nd^arf reStfully invited to at-
tend the funeral to-day (Sunday), at - 1
o'clock, from -the mortuary chapel of tt»
Golden Gate Undertakine Company. 2479Mls-
slon / street, near Twenty-first. Interment
private. Cynress Lawn Cemetery.
MASON— Entered into rest, to this city. Ju y
27. 1901. Mary J.. widow of the late Cap tain
John Mason, beloved mother of Kata M.
Thomas, jrrandmother of Ellis S. J. Mason,
Daisy E. Thomas, Mrs. G. W. Hessler and
Mrs. W. A. Finch.- and great grandmother ot
G. W. Hessler Jr.. a native of Northumber-
land. England, aged 90 years 7 months and 4
cyFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from St. Ann s
Chapel. Old Ladies' Home. 2118 Golden Gato
Interment Odd Fellows* Cemetery.
RIORDAN-In this city. July 27. 1901. Johana.
beloved mother of Annie and Josle Rlordan.
the late James A. and Mary G. Riordan; and
Mrs. J. Callaghan. a native of County Cork.
Ireland, aged 63 years. •
ICTFriends and acauaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Mcmday). at 9 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence 709^4 Hampshire street, thence to St.
Charles Church, where a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul, commencing at 9:30 o'clock. Intermeflt
Holy Cross Cemetery. - v
RYAN— In the City and County Hospital. July
27. 1901. William Ryan, a native of Ireland,
aged 61 years.
SELIGMAN— In this city. July 26. 190L Ba-
bette, relict of the late Moses Seligman. and
beloved mother of Max and Jesse Seligman.
a native of Wuergbur*. Bavaria, aged 61
years 7 months and 1 day.
ICTFrtends and acquaintances , are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 10:45 o'clock, from the parlors
of Halsted A Co.. 948 Mission street. Inter-
ment Home of Peace Cemetery, by train
leaving Third and Townsend streets at 11:30
SHELDON— Entered into rest, July t«. 1901,
Edward Harmon Sheldon. , a native of Ver-
mont. (Baltimore. Md.. and Middteborough.
Vt.. papers please copy.)
C7Friend» and acauaintances are respect-
. fully invited to attend the funeral services
v to-day (Sunday), at 2:30 o'clock, at St.
Paul's Church. California street, near Fill-
more. Interment private.
SILVKRFOOTE— In Oakland. July 2«, 1901,
Florence MlUlred. beloved daughter of Jo-
MDh and Rose Stlvertoote. and lister o£
Orace and Juanlta Pllverfoote. a native of
Kast Oakland, aged 3 years 3 months and 13
d *EyFTtenas »nd acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend th« funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock, from the residence
! of the parents. «41 Kennedy street, East Oak-
land. Interment St. Mary's Cemetery. Oak-
SPEcilT-In this city. July 23, 1301. at his
residence. 20 Camr> street, Christopher, be-
loved husband of Margaret E. Specht. father
of Bertha M. and Richard C. Sperht. and
uncle of F. W. Oelger, a native of Germany,
aped M years 1 month and 28 days. •
ICTFriends and acquaintances and com-
rades of the O. A. R. are respectfully In-
vited, to attend the funeral, which will b«
held under the auspices of George K. Thomas
Post No. 2. G. A. R.. at their hall. 320 Post
Atreet to-day (Sunday), at 1 o'clock. Inter-
ment George H. Thomas Post Plat. National
Cemetery.
STECHER — In Aberdeen, Wash.. July 23.' 1901.
Edward T., beloved husband of the late Ella
Stecher. beloved son of Eleanor an<» the late
Phillip Stecher. and brother of Fred J. and
Otto Stecher. a native of San Francisco, aged
38 years 2 months and « days. A niember of
the Friends of the Golden Gate Vereln.
iryFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence of
his mother. 317 Minna street, near Fourth.
Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
TO the officers and members of the Friends of
the Golden Gate Vereln— You are. hereby no-
tified to assemble at 317 Minna street to-mor-
row (Monday), at 1:30 o'clock, to attend th»
funeral of our later member. Edward T.
Stecher. By order of
• MRS. M. VAN NIEL. President.
THOMPSON— In this city, *ily 27. IDOL Rose
Ann. beloved wife of J. Thompson, a native
of Scotland, aged 37 years 3 months and 17
days.
WALDRON— In Lakeview, July 26, 1901. Mrs.
Margaret Waldron, relict of the late Wll-
lianv Waldron, a native of Ireland.
(C^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully tnvited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock, .from the parlors of
Carew & English* 29 Van Ness avenue, thence
to Sacred Heart Church, where a requiem
-high mass will be celebrated for the repose
of her «oul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Inter-
ment Holy Cross . Cemetery.
WALL— In this city. July 27, 1901, Nellie, be-
. loved wife o' Felix A. Wall, mother of Jo-
seph Wall, daughter of the late Margaret
Monahan, and sister of John Monnhan and
Mrs. William Murray, a native of New York '
City, N» Y., aged 29 - years 1 month and 23
days.
I 'ETFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend 'the funeral to-morrow
(Monday 1 *, at 9 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 4231 Eighteenth street, thence to tha
HENRY: d. GALLAGHER CO.
(Successor to Flannasan & Gallagher.)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. M»rr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMSRS.
. 20 Fifth «t..- opposite Lincoln School.
• -.. Telephone Scuth SOL
SAil FRANCISCO. Cal.— Notice la hereby irtvea
» t-at ' CHARLES H. JACOR, of " the firm : at
, CHARLES H.; JACOB & CO.. funeral direc-
tors and embalmers. 31S Mason street, has,
by order of court, had his name chansed to
CHARLES JJ-<f. TRUMAN, by reason ai
which the name ' of his firm becomes
; CHARLES H. - J. TRTJMAN ' & CO. Under
, this name he continues to do business at thai,
same place. • Telephone Main S21X.
. San Ma teo County.
OFFICE 916 MARKET STREET.
J. HENDERSON. Manajjsr.
Mt. Olivet Cemetery,
The Odd Fellows* Cemetery Association,
Point Lob-wt avis., J-. P.. Cai.
The ordinance prohibiting burials In San
Francisco after the f)n*t day of August. 1901.
does not refer to CREMATION- Neither doe*
it affect the COLUMBARIUM, because there is
nothing less harmful to the living than tha
ashes of their dead. __ ' _
Permits to cremate will be issued by th«
Board of Health th« same as heretofore.
GEORGE R. FLETCHER. Manager.
CREMATION.
I Eugene McGinn. „ MeGIN'N BROa
Funeral Directors and Embalmers,
31 EDDY STREET.
Telephone South -252. , San Francisco.
No Connection With Any Other Houih^
- ROOMS: *AHP *BOARD.V
a day. ..... > - —
UNRIVALED ¦ furnished room" : I best^ corner^in
Oakland; unsurpassed f^' 1 * J*% tl0 7; and
meal; |4 per week: every accommodatKm ano
attention. 1103% Broadway, cor Twenin_»u,
third flat. Oakland. -. _j_ .
LARGE, elegant and spacious P. a . rio " : t n t e « w ) £
carpeted; newly 8 "^ 1^' 1^^ bath;
¦ board: a few select boarders In house, bain
gas; private phone; best block of.Haignt k.
Box »734. Call. -¦>'¦¦. .
ALMORA. Twentieth and Ml8 "|™vTooins^*ta-
new management; modern; sunny rooms. ia
ble board; unexcelled. Tel. Church 11 Si.
BUCHANAN. 612-Sunny furnished
board; privilege. parlor, bath; terms reason
« able; phone Fell 1235. ' ¦ ' -
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 624-Sunny front room,
with board; hot and cold water; bath. suit-
able for 2: reasonable. '~ ¦ __
VAN NESS ave.. 712— Alcove and D , a ''-.' W 1^ O 2I
rooms; sun all day; running water; choice
table. , : •¦.
CALIFORNIA. 807— Stevenson mansion: .^ ¦*!*<•*
family hotel exceptional table attractive nna.
THE HEATH.312 Eddy-Nicely *u™ lshed t , l ?!? 1 n . y
front rooms, en suite.slngleiexcellent culslne.^
HOTEL Repelier.- 781 Sutter— Newly furnished;
excellent table; special rates to-toorlsM.
PINE. 1222 (old Ralston home)— Elegantly fur-
nished sunny rooms, en suite & single; boara.
THE Crocker. . 915 Leavenwortb — Fine sunny
, rooms.slngle and en suite; beautiful grounas.
CLASSIFIED advertisement* and subscrtctlons
received nt Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore :
A WEEK'S news for 5 rents— The We«kly Call.
1* pawn. In wmTnw for mailing. « per year.
STO R AG^AND/WAREHOT
PIERCE-RUDOLPH Storage and Moving Co..
office Post and Powell sts.; tel. Main 5713.
GOLDEN WEST Storage -Warehouse. 840 Mla-
slon St.; tel. Howard 941. F. W. Z13HFUS3.
5EKINS Van and Storage Co.. 722 Mission St.:
tel. Main 1840; shipping at cut raten.
'ACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
, pany. 2320 Fillmore st.; phone Jackson 281.
TYPEWRITERS AXP SUPPLIES.
GREAT^BARGAINS IN^TYPEWRITERS— We
sell better machines for less money than any
house in the city; rentals. $3. The Typewriter
Exchange, 536 California; telephone Main 268.
RENT a new Franklin typewriter for $1 week
end have your work In sight. CUTTER
TOWER CO.. 302 Montgomery; tel.' Black 4885.
HARTFORD typewriters; new. $60; anti-trust;
all makes: used machines $10 up. 209 Sansome.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
' The following marriage licenses were Issued
¦yesterday:
Edward O'Connor, 21, 236% Harriet street,
and Catherine M. Murphy, 15. 510 Howard st.
Thomas F. Harrison. 32. city, and Clementine
C. ' Bradfleld. 3S. city. ¦ . ,
¦ Louis Kramer. 42. 1577 Post, street, S-ndNan-
chen. Bauer. 28. 1577 Pest street.
Walter Riedel. 26. Visalia. and Blanch©
Abrahams, 22, city. *.-¦-; , * ¦
- William C. Rowley. 27. 370 California ave-
nue. . and Estella Gillogley. 23. 352 Chapulte-
Klchard Williams, ' 21, Crockett, and Cella
EbbKs. 18. Crockett. .
Wlnfleld S. Gordon. 41. Los Angeles, and
Alice Hart. 33. Los Angeles. - . .
Thomas Mills. 45. Kingston. Canada, and
Isella.H. Van Pelt. 25. city. - - :
Henry W. Fincke. : 24, 3013 Fillmore street,
and Jane E. ' Cooper. 20. 1315 Fillmore street.. <
Quincy Fletcher, 39, 363 Dore street, and Lot-
tie M. Miller, 19, 367 Bore street. *
Leon G. Martinez. 27. Monterey, and Elvira
Vasquez. 18. Monterey. ' ._:_^__^___
BIRTHS-MMES-DEM.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be Inserted. They must t e handed
In at cKher of the publication office! and be
indorsed with the name and rcsldencs of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN. ft 5
BROWN— In this city. July 15. 1901. to the
wife of Qeorge E. Brown, a son.
CLANCY— In this city. July 26, 1903, to the
: wife of H. O. Clancy, a son.
CRAaOE— In this city, July SO. 1901. to the
wife of William W. Cragoe, a daughter.
DKCKKR— In this city. July 27. 1901. to the
wife of-Phlllp- John Decker, a daughter. -
GEnLACH— In. this city. July 28, 190:1. to the
wife of. John A. Gerlach, a son.
HATHAWAY-In this city. July 11. 1901, to
the wife of George Hathaway, a sen.
JANE-In this city, July 3. 1901. to thu wife of
, William T. Jane, a daughter.
KELLEHER-In this city, July 21, 1801. to the
wife of John Kelleher, a son.
KKAMPEIVT— In this city. July 14. 19(11, to the
wife of O. Krampert. * daughter.
LANDIS-ln this city, July 22, 1901, to the
. wife of Edward C. L&ndU, a ion.
LAUENSTEIN— In Alameda. Cal., July 4. 1901.
to the wife of Robert A. Lauenstein. a son.
MKSSE— In this city. July 16. 1901. to the wife
of Georgo Otto Messe, a daughter.
MEYER-In this city,, July 14, 1001. to the wife
of F. W. Meyer, a son.
MORRISSKY— In this city. July 11. 1901. to the
wife of Dr. Joseph O. MorrUccy. a son.
WHITE— In this city, July 23, 1901, to the wife
of John White Jr.,' a son.
WOLFGRAM-ln this city, July 27, 1901. to^he
wife of Aug. Wolfgram. a daughter.
~~~~~ MARRIED.
WILLIAMS— EWING— In this city. July 23.
~O901. by the Rev. John Hemphill, Thomas
Salisbury Williams and Ellen Elizabeth Ew-
Ing, both of San Francisco.
DIED.
Bunger, Christian Lachman, Dor» B.
Clancy (Infant) McCormlck. John C.
Cunha. William H. • McGeorge. James O.
Doane, Hettle McKee. Charles H.
BriBcoll. Thomas B. Mason. Mary J.
• Dykes. Robert Riordan. JoKana
- Falrfleld. William* Ryan, Willhim
Farrell, Timothy A. Fellgman. Biibetto
Ferier Louis Jr. Sheldon. Edsvard H.
Fish Eliza SUverfoote. • Florence
Gray Hannah A. Specht. Christopher
¦ Grler. Para C. Stecher.- Edward T.
Hahn (Infant) Thcrnpson. Rose A.
' Hleelns. Michael, Waldron. Mia. M.
Hyams. Pauline Wall Nellie
Jordan. Martha , Ward. Edward C.
Kernan, James P.
HUNGER— In this city. July 23. 1901. Christian,
belwedlhusband of Wllhelmlne Bur.ger. and
father of Fred and Minnie Bunger, a native
¦-. of Hanover. Germany, aged 68 yean 1
months, and 25 days.
n~r Friends and acquaintances and members
of Burns Lodge No. £S. A. O. U. W., are
respectfully Invited to attend the funeral
'to-day (Sunday), at 1-30 o'clock, from his
late residence. 347 Fourth avenue, corner of
Point Lobos avenue. \ Interment I Cypress
Lawn Cemetery..'.
CLANCY— In this city." July 27. 1901. Infant son
of H. George and. Mary Clancy.
CUNHA— In Mllritas, Cal./ July 27, 1901, Wil-
liam Henry Cunha. beloved son of A. F. and
Maggie Cunha. and beloved brother of May.
Margaret. Edward. Allen. James. Emily.
George. Florence. Anthony. : and 1 Marlon
Cunha. a native of Mllpltas, Cal., aged 11
years 8 months and 13 days.
E7Not!ce of funeral hereafter. -
DOANE— In : this city. July 26. 1901. Hettle.
beloved sister of , Miss S. P. Doaxie, a na-
tive of Massachusetts.
[C7Ftlerids and acquaintances ar«' respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), from her late residence. 31 Ltberty
street, at -2 o'clock. . Interment private.
DRISCOLL— In. this city. July 26, : 1901. Thomas
B beloved son of Michael and. the late; Cath-
erine Drlscoll, and brother of William J.,
Frank J.. Mary A.. and Kate Driscoll. a na-
tive of .Birmingham. Englnnd. aged 45 years
1. month "¦ and 23 days. (Sydney, Australia,
'papers please copy.) ' • ¦ -. ." . . •
: (CTFrlends'and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday)." at 9:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
• dence.517 Jessie street." near-Sixth, thence to
St Patrick's Church, where servlcts .wlll'be
held at 10 o'clock. . Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery. • . - r-'"
GOLDEN GATE > Council No. 34. T. M. I.—
You are hereby notified to attend tte funeral
of our late « brother, , Thomas . B., Drlscoll.
: to-morrow (Monday), at 9* o'clock. : from his
-- late residence. 617 , Jessie ' street. , Fines . for
: non-attendance.' A. J. SULLIVAN, Pres.
¦ C. M. O'BRIEN.t Cor. Sec.
DYKES— In this city. July 27. 1901. Robert, be-
loved son ¦ of : Frances and . the lar.e Robert
Dykes, and brother of George. Man*. Charley
and the late Francis c Dykes,, a native of San
Francisco, aged 23 years. ¦ . : •
F AIRFIELD— In this city. July 27. 1901. Wil-
liam • Falrfleld. beloved son of Daniel and
• Mary.Falrfteld.' a native, of New York, aged
¦ . ' 47 years . and . 20 > days.
FARRELL-In- this Jclty. July 26.' 1901,- Tlra-
• othy A. Farrell. ; beloved son of the late Tim-
othy- and. Ellen-' Farrell. and brother • of
- Charles J.. John H-. Frank. George aod Ella.
Farrell. Mrs. L. ; Traung and Mrs. ¦ J. > h
•¦> Carney, a native of > San Franciscti, - aged 27
.years. . ¦ ¦" - ""^Bt^BK/KBttttBBM
CTFrlends and acaualntanees are respect-
. fully Invited : to ¦» attend * the > funeral . to-day
. (Sunday). ¦¦ at 12 :30 o'clock. « from the . parlors
of McAvoy & Co.. 1239 Market street, between
, Elchth ' and Ninth. ;, Interment :, Mount . Cal-
vary . Cemetery. • ¦ ¦- -V, i;- ., '"- • . ¦
FERIER— At Bay View, South San Trandsco,
July 26." 1901. ¦ Louis Ferier Jr.," dearly beloved
> son of £>ouls and Mar sruerite Ferier. and be-
• loved •¦' brother • of* George, -'Maiy, John.
BERKElMDYERTOEMNtSi jj
BERKELEY RBAIif ESTATB^^yi V
BARGAIN— 6-room, high basement,' modern $2
•cottage, near car line and station; barn and ;-;
chicken .houses; large lot: fenced and cross- .
f enced>. good location ; price $1150 ; $150 , cash, ¦
balance $12 50 monthly. Why pay. rent, when , -
you can . own your own -place by payments
same as rent; take Berkeley train, get oft at m
Lorin station'. HOME REALTY CO., former. Jg
ly, Rudolph, Perkins, & Lyon. ,',-¦¦ /
$750 will buy 3-room ¦ cottage with high \ base-
ment and brick foundation.' city water, etc. ; '
lot 45x100; all fenced; convenient to station, I
electric cars, school. ¦ church and stores; only
$100 cash, balance $10 per month; bank loaned I
$700 on this property; this Is a genuine snap;.
.take Berkeley train, get off at v Lorln station, g
HOME REALTY CO., formerly Rudolph, Per-
. kins & Lyon. -:'¦.. - ¦ ; ¦' ¦ : .- '¦'• *" - . -* .; y
COMB and select one of our choice lots, cen- '.
trally located and , good neighborhood ; prices
' range from $350 up; choose your, lot and we ,.
¦ will build for you, according ¦ to your , own —
plans, and arrange payments same as -rent; *»
taKe Berkeley train, get off at Lortn station;
open Sundays. HOME REALTY CO., former- .,
ly Rudolph. . Perkins & Lyon. , ;" r
HOMES IN BERKELEY. ' " .
$850. cottage. 4 good sized rooms; $1000, - 4-
room cottage; $1200, 4-room cottage, large lot; —
$1400, 6-room cottage, fruit, flowers; $16o0. 6- *J
room new house, fine bargain; $2000. new 5-
room cottage, large lot, lovely view; $1600, 5-
room cottage, large lot, easy terms; $2400, fine
6-room cottage , at Lorln ; $1800, fl-room • cot-
tage, windmill, stable, chicken house; $27oO,
6-room house, near station,' easy terms; $4000,
fine 8-room house, -nicely located; $32oO, 6- -
room house, near college; $7200, lovely- 14-room
house, built for owner's use: $5000,. new, ele-
gant, up to date 8-room house. ¦ ' P
Come and examine our larse list of prop-
erty. We can su.^you^ &
2121 Center St.. Berkeley. Cal.
FOR sal$— In Berkeley, near university, 6 new
k modern houses; small payment down, balance
same as rent; lot. 40x135; street work.com-
' plete; lawn and garden made; 10 bearing fruit
trees on every lot; house ready to move Into;
water connected ; „ push buttons and electric
fixtures; shades, mantels, bookcases and side- -
board; 6 7 and 8 rooms; from $2600 up; grand $.
marine view; cement walks; porcelain_tubs;
2 closets and fences. . M. L. WURTS,
Seventeenth st. and Broadway. Oakland.
NO. 202— $3100; New 7-room Colonial house; 2
blocks from local. - -, ' ¦ • .
No. 206— $6300; 12-room house; finely located
lot 60x159. — ,.¦' . ..
No 108— $3300; 9-room house; south front,
lot 50x130; owner out of town; property must -
be sold: an offer wanted. -¦¦.- - ¦ ?
No. 194— $7750; 10-rooms; south front; large
lot; on Bancroft s way. QuAbKENBUsH
Real Estate and Insurance.
. Opposite First National Bank.
$500— BARGAIN in a sightly lot in the Scenic
Park: two blocks from university; a snap.
$1050— Good building site on Hllgard ave.. in A
Scenic Park Tract, near Coos and College.^
u $3750— New modern home of 7 rooms: lot" oOx
125; street work all done: v near university.
$800— Neat cottage of 4 rooms; fruit trees n
2123 Center, st., West Berkeley.
TWO new 5-room«cottage9, brick foundations: ¦ l;
all modern plumbing; lot 40x120; 8 minutes t
walk from station and 3 minutes' from elec- \
trie car line; price. $1500: $100 down and bal-
ance on easy terms. JNO. R. PERKINS,
real estate. Lorln rsta.. Berkeley,' Cal. s
NEW 8-room house; brick foundation: all mod-
ern plumbing; lot 40x100; 8 minutes' walk
from station and 5 minutes' from electric car, r
line- price $2400: $100 down, balance on easy r
terms- JNO. <R. PERKINS, real estate, g
Lorln sta.. Berkeley. ¦ " .
ONLY $2750— New 7-room houses, complete la j
every particular, containing window shade
combination fixtures and th« Sunlight water t
heater, enabling you to get hot water at any
time during the day or night without fire;
on the sunny side of street and "near the j
cars. Am)ly to JOSEPH J. MASON. Real J
Estate. Berkeley station. - '
FOR sale— Lot <X0xl35 feet), near Dwight way, _
East Berkeley; street Improved. Write to ]
L. C. 'room 25, Juanita Hotel. Oakland. «
A WEEK'S newB for 5 cents— The Weekly Call, 1
16 pages. In wrapper for mailing $1 per year.'
FRUITYAI.E ADVERTISEMENTS j
FRCITVALE REAL ESTATE. .
H. A. PLEITNER, Frultvale Station, Cal. j
•575 House of 4 rooms, pantry and closets;
chieken-house; nne well and pump: corner: lot .
B'jxlOO; all fenced: 2 blocks from electrlo cars.
$1150— Bay-window . cottage . of 5 rooms and
bath; 7-foot basement: good brick foundation,
etc.; barn; chicken-house: lot 50x116; 1 block .
from electric cars; easy terms if desired. <
$1375— Choice bargain: new cottage of 4 large
rooms; 7-foot ba»ement; good brick foundation:
>ath. closet*, pantry, chlcken-houne; lot 175x
150: all fenced: fln» location; Just the place for
ralxlner chickens. , ,
$1675-Modern 2-story houne of 0 rooms and ¦
bath,: fine mantel; corner lot: 2 blocks from '
Fruitvalo station; munt be sold at once.
$1600— Cottnco of 4 rooms; all furnished; fine
well, windmill and tank; stable; chlcken-houje:
150 chlckeni, Incubator, brooder and. brooder
house: fine cow and 2 hogs; lot 100x150; all
e $18S0^-Two acres of simdy loam; modern cot-
tage of 4 rooms nnd bath: hlKh.baienwnt:
•table and chlcken-housM«i pood well, windmill
and tank; fine location; 3 blocks from electric.
For particulars apply to , '•'*:',,
H. A. PLEITNKR, Frultvule Station, Cal.
$300— WILL buy a lot 50x170 feet In Forest !
- Park: wa will loan you the money to
hullfl; payments same as rent.
$1350— Will buy cottaee of 4 rooms, bath, man- ,
tel. etc.; lot 60x176; 16 bearing fruit trees; •
Forest Park. , >'¦
$1200— New house of 4 rooms: lot 50x170; $300
cash, balance $11 60 per month. ¦
$1200— House of 5 rooms and bath; lot 112x112:
barn, etc: no payment down; Just $16 80
ter month. • . , • ¦
$800— House 7 rooms and bath: larpe lot; flow-
ers, fruit trees, bark; chicken houses;
$11 20 per month: no payment down.
$800— House of 5 rooms and bath; lot 45x145;
well and city water; chicken house, barn,
etc.: no payment down; $11 20 per month;
near Elmhurst. x ('¦ ' ' ' "
. $400— ixats on Frultvale ave., south of railroad
¦ track, within 1 block of station. .
I Money to loan In any amountt. " _ ,
* The Home, -Building: Company, south- side of
railroad track, on Frultvale ave., or 222_San-
pome St.. S. F. W. E. RUDELL.
MILL VALLEY REAL ESTA.TB.
THE HEART OF MILL VALLEY.: -
Formerly Known ' as •
The W^ormouth Tract, !
; Now to Be Called
Sunnyslde Tract.
• ¦ ¦• ¦ ¦ , y-
This beautiful tract, consisting of over forty
acres. Is now belns. subdivided Into lots , and
will be Immediately placed upon the market
for sale. Streets are being graded, macadam-'
lzed and sewered. TJie California Title Insur-
ance and Trust Company of San Francisco will
issuq an Insurance policy, for every lot sold,
guaranteelns title. ¦ .. > ¦¦¦
For map and full Information address
•McAFEE BROS.,
108 Montgomery 'fit.. Ban Francisco.
HAYWARDS ADYERTISEMENTS
HAYWARDS REAL ESTATE. ¦'.
5 ACRES. / 3 acres of which Is the finest richest
sediment soil, adapted to raising ¦ vegetables
and berriee; 4 acres in frtiC full bearing;
fine 5-room light basement cottage, complete-
ly sewered. ¦ bath, pantry,' toilet, stationary
washstand, hot and cold water, wash tubs In
basement, cement foundation, 1 veranda front,
one side and rear, bevel French plate glass
windows In front, cement sidewalk round the
house, and front;' lawns; fine well, windmill
and tank; i tankhouse; barn; chicken houses;
brooder houses; water piped to house, barn,
chicken nouses; a positive sacrifice; Improve-
ments worth the money asked: cost $7500;: to
make quick sale, $4500. P. WILBERT, Hay-
wards, Cal. • . ' • " . -
2 ACRES, with 3-room house, barn, 4 ; chicken
¦ houses, well, 80 chickens; buggy, new spring
wagon, 'new harness, household furniture, 25
fruit trees: three-quarters of a mile from
town; main road; only $1400. 'P. WILBERT,
Haywards. ¦¦ Cnl. '. "'¦••-•• -" ' ¦-¦ ¦'-•--"" ...
OAKLAND- ADTERTISJENT&
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
. OAKLAKD t REAL ESTATE.
$3500 PROPERTY— Our price $2400; 7 rooms and
-, bath ; lot 40x120 ; No. 1 r neighborhood ; " near
cars, • schools and business centers; street
work all ¦ complete ; ¦ $500 cash ; balance - bank
-mortgage; owner non-resident . and must sell; j
first come. first served. • • •¦¦¦¦ i ¦- ¦¦-.-;¦¦ •.
• /••--.J. S..MYERS A CO..
. 1002 Broadway, Oakland,; Cal..;.
$11,000— FINE : flats;'- cost • $16,000; . only ' 5 ', blocks
t from business centers and fronting on public
Sj square; now paying 10 per cent; they are new
and up-to-date and always: occupied;. owner
must sell.- .'•"¦ ¦••-¦.¦*•.*¦¦->¦- •¦.".;,-.¦."
J.-S. MYERS & CO..V. -
1002 Broadway, Oakland, Cal. i.'
J37O0 — ACTUAL cash xalue $5000; 62 : feet ¦ front-
age; 9 rooms and bath ;^ barn: splendid water.
' • supply. on premises; an ideal home; near busl-
riess : centers ; mortgage ; $2700, - ; which r i can ' re-
V main at the bank; must be sold this. week; no
. reasonable • offer refused. •' ¦'•;.'"» ,i',-
- J. S. MYERS & CO.,
1002 Broadway, Oakland," Cal. }' SdGAR— Raw,^steady,; but quiet; fair refin
ing, 3 9-16c; Centrifugal/, 9« * test. . 5 5-82c; mo-*
"W^OOL— <3uiet; domestic fleece, 26®27c. . . '.V :,
¦•' COFFEE>-Spot— Rio. market quiet; No. 7 In
voice; 5%c; mild. : quiet; Cordova, ?-. 8®n%c.'
Futures closed «asy... unchanged to" 10 - points
net decline. ¦ Total sales were 29,500 ' bags, .-, In
cluding: August, *4 90@5;. September, 1 $5; ; Oc
tober,. $5 C5@5 10; December, ; ?5 20@5 26: March,
?540©5CO; April, tj 65. ,::,:.., .:.-.
; HOPS— Quiet; State , common -t<» choice 1900
crop, 1JSJ18C; 1899 crop. 10@13c; old olds 2®6c*
Pacific Coast, 19C0 crop, 12@17%c; 1893 crop Ilia
15c; old-olds. 2(5;6c. . ?*' ~ F.
HIDES— Steady ; California, 21 • to 25 pounds
isi4c. - - ¦-.-•'¦ • , '- ..¦-..¦ .. --¦ ¦:, . .'
NEW TORK, July 27.-FLOUR-Recelpts,
27.&C0 barrels; exports, 9400. Dull and barely
steady; winter patents, $3 55@3 80; winter
straights. $3 25@3 60; Minnesota patents, $3 55@
4 10; winter extras, ?2 50@2 80; Minnesota bak
ers 1 , $2 S5@3 15 ; winter low grades, $2 30@2 40
WHEAT— Receipts, 245,400; exports. 114,286
bushels. . Spot, easy; No. 2 red, 77%c.f. o. b.
afloat; No. 2 red, H 74%c elevator; No. 1 North
ern Duluth, 77%c f.o.'.b.' afloat;' No.; 1 hard
Duluth. 85%cf. o. b.. afloat. : Options ! turned
weak and lost over a cent this morning under
bearish Liverpool cables, prospective heavy
world's shipments, rain in the Northwest and
general' unloading, closed Bteady at %®%e net
decline. > July. • ' 76 ll-16@76%c ; August 76R4c •
September, 74%@75 l-16c. closed 75c; Octoter
75 5-16@75»4, - closed 75%c;' December. 76%@77c
closed 77c. - .. - . -; .¦'¦ •¦ ¦;, ,- '
Ban Jo6<^ North wind, high fog this morning;
Apnrots nearly all drying,
Hclllster— L'ght fog: Crawford peaches are
ripenlnjr- crop light; good quality.
Hanford — Calm; fruit receipts large; all crop*
favorable.
Pnlermo — rarly Crawforts nearly harvested,
eroji* medium; qtiality rood.
Wntura— Weather continue favorable for
upplen. r^flchfs «nd prune*, etc.
Santa Afaria— H!trh Tok. clearing light
westerly breeze; beans improving steadily.
G. H. WIL.LSOX.
Local Forecast Official.
".' r.^-^rt CALL; board; sales/ ' ; -¦ ;
Informal -Seseion— 9:15 o'clock— No sales. .'
Second ; Session— No j tales. . : / • -•; : - , '-,
Regmlar Mornlnir Session— No sales.
OATS— Dealers, quoted ; a quiet : market" at
CAXXj BOARD SALES.
Informal. Session— 8:15 ¦'¦'¦ o'clock— December—
2000 ctls, c $101%;: 4000, $101%:: : •. r- ¦ , , : ..
' Second. Sessjon— May— 6C00. ctls,: 11 05%. • - :: ,;.
Regular Morning? Session — December— SOOO
ctls-,-*l-om.--May-2000,-.;»l'05%.-:;--^-. 1 .. ¦
.BARLEY — The market was neglected and un
changed. ; No sales , of any consequence were
reported.'* " : -';"•*¦¦-'" ¦ • "; , v ¦
• Feed. .73^0 ' for choice > bright. -. 71H@72Ho ; for
No 1 and 67%@70c for oil grader; Brewing and
Shipping grades,' 75@82%c ; Chevalier, 3 nominal.
: WHEAT — Liverpool ; - futures were • : lower.
Paris, futures were unsettled.
Showers in the .West : and Northwest and
lower ¦ cables weakened : Chicago at . the open
ing-. A cable to Bolton.-De Ruyter & So. said:
"The • relative cheapness of this 5 cereal, ; com
pared-With hay and potatoes, is: making some
operators friendly to It.:: News from the North
west is better and the general opinion is that
the crop damage has been exaggerated. 1 The
grain trade . estimates the crop of' the three
States at ; from 175,000,000 to 200,000,000 bushels.
The crop wiirbe large, but -will be offset by
the feeding to animals in j the Southwest. This,
with the hlsrh' prices' for other commodities,
would Indicate, fair prices for this year. Thir
ty-four - ltfads were ; taken for export." : •
Still lower prices ruled on call,' and shipping
descriptions • were also off a fraction.
Spot '• Wheat— Shipping, 9S%c; milling, $1®
102H per ctl. ¦} • .,..¦: ¦/-..¦ . '¦ "¦ - •. >" ¦.¦.•.;¦';•¦..
Wheat and 1 Other Grains.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days...... — $4 85%
Sterling Exchange, Bight — 4 8S&
Sterling Cables ' 4 89»j
New York Exchange, sight ........ — ¦ 07Vi
New Tork Exchange, telegraphlo — 10
Silver, per ounce — . ' 58%
Mexlcal Dollars, nominal ... ......' 47 © 47%
Exchange and Bullion.
LOCAL MARKETS.
San Francisco and vicinity— Fair Sunday, ex
cept fopjry :n the morning aad at night; fresh
southwest wind.
Nevada — Fair Sunday: light mythwest wind.
Northern California — Fair Sunday, except
foggy along the coast In the morning and at
niRht: fresh eouthwest wind.
Southern California— Fair Sunday, *xcept
fogey alor.g the coast In ihe morrUng: light
The temperature hee fallen In southern tTtah
and remained nearly stationary In* other dis
tricts. In the Interior of California the tem
perature is from 4 to 11 degrees above the
normal.
Forecast made et San Francisco for SI haurs
ending: midnight.. July 2S. 1301:
Fair weather prevails over the country west
o? the Hocky mountains except foggy along
the central California coast and cloudy and
threatening- In northern Arizona and 6eutbern
fts_h. w Light rain has fallen in northern Arl
tcna and southern Utah, end. a thunderstorm
is reported from Modena.
The pressure changes hav* been slight is all
<!rtricts.
FORECAST.
WEATHER CONDITION'S AND GENERAL
STOCK MARKET.
Friends of the Forest.
The executive "board of the Friends ! of
the Forest has. on behalf of the order,
presented engrossed resolutions to Mrs.
A. Bcehm and Mrs. Raymond, past su
preme, presidents, appreciative of past
services.
During the past week the officers of Mis
pah, Olive Branch, America and Harmony
lodges were Installed by the supreme offl«
cers, and after each installation there was
a social hour. At America. Lodge tha su
preme president delivered a very interest
ing address on "Fraternity." Harmony
Lodge after Installation went to a restau
rant, where all partook of a banquet. Mrs.
Davidson addressed the assemblag-e on
"What Would Our Order Do Without
Woman?" and the response waa by Su
preme Treasurer Craig, who asked "What
Could the Order Do Without a Man to
Take Its Part?"
Pioneer Lorge initiated a number of
candidates -at -its- last held meeting. Lin
coln Lodge is holding interesting meetings
and adding to its membership, and Mlz
pah- has . added quite a- number of new
members! in the past few weeks. *- — .*;;-<.
Knights of the Golden Eagle.
.The Supreme Castle of the Order of tha
Knights of the Golden Eagle will meet In
Buffalo next October, the 7th of that
month there -will be a military parade by
members of the order in the exposition
grounds. ".'.''. ' •
During the past week S. M- Haxlan, tho
supreme chief, was in this city and was
taken in charge by George A. McOowan,
E. K. Hill and W. O. Macdou^all. the re
ception committee, showed him the sights
of the city, by day and by night, had him
install the officers of 1 California ' Castle
and made him the guest at a banquet got
up 'in his honor. He then left for
Sprague, Wash., where he is to institute
a new castle. -He will return In tha early
part of August, when. he will Institute a
new castle. In this work he will bo as
sisted by Deputy Supreme Chief "W. O.
Macdougall and other grand officers.
A temple of the Ladies of the Goldea
Eagle is being organized in this city.
Fraternal Eagles.
Last week the members of Golden Gate
Aerie of. the Fraternal . Order of .Eagles
paid a ¦ fraternal visit to San Francisco
Aerie, when there was a social session.
The visitors were ¦welcomed by. Harry X.
Mulcrcevy. to which Dr.- Leland. president
of the vlsltlns aerlc. made a -fitting re
sponse. * Then followed' an entertaining
programme of rousle. songs and speeches,
the latter being by Past President James
P.'Dockery, E. E. Murphy; State Senator
Goucher, «T. 1*3 Herget. E. L. Head and C.
G- Nagle.' The contributors to the pleas
ure of the evening were Fred Emmett.
Samuel Michaels. J. Kellcher, D. Schno
sky and others. There were cigars and re
freshments without stint. - • - - ~~ r -
_ There was nothing new of any consequence
on the several exchanges, business being light,
as usual on Saturday.
Sales on the Producers' Oil Exchange last
week were 2S.310 shares, valued at $11,866,- the
leading transactions being as follows: Bear
Flag, 2000 shares: California Standard, 10C0;
Independence,- 3000; . Junction, 2650; Lion, 2200;
Monarch, 3540; Occidental, 3250; Petroleum Cen
ter, 5000; Westlake, 2000.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
SATURDAY, July 27—12 m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask. 1 Bld.Aak.
4s quar coup.. .113 U3 1 iUs qr cp (new). 138% 139
4s quar reg 113 113%l3s quar coup. ..109 109%
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bay Co P C 5s.lO6 103 Oceanic SS 5s.l02U101
Cal-st 5s 116 — Omnibus C 6s. .125
C C Water 5s. .10746 — Pac G Imp 43. — 10O
EdL&P 6s...l28%133}5 Pk & C H 63. .105 —
Fer & Cl R 6s. 117ft — Pk & O R 6s. .117 —
Geary-st 5s.... — — Powll-st R 6s. .120 —
H C & S 5^s..lO6U - Sac E G R 5s.. - -
Do 5s — 102% S F & SJVSS.120H —
Los Ang R 5S.115H117 Sierra Cal «•«... — — ¦
U A Light 8s.. — 102 5 P of A to
Do gntd 6s. ..100 — (1909) 111U _
Do gntd 58...103 — (1910) ........m' —
L A & Pac 5S..101 103 S P of C 6s M
Do 1 c m 5s.. 102% — (1905). Ser A. — lttni
Mkt-st Cab 6s.l26 — (1905), Ser B.UO —
Do l.c m 5s. .123% — (1906) 112U1EI
Nev C N G 7s. 105 -114 (1912) 120»A —
Nor R Cal 6s. .111 — S P of Cal 1st
Do 5s 119 — c g;itd BS....107 — ,
Nor Pac C 63..100^J — S P Br Cal 6s.l38 —
Do 5s.. — 106 S V Water 6s..ll4%ftlH«
Nor R Cal 5s. .lie 113 Do 4a :....103»ilO<l
Oak Gas 5s 112% — Do 4s 3d mtg.lOlft —
. Do Trans 6s.. — 120 Stktn Gas 6s.. — —
.Do Water 5s..— , 102*4
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa.. 76 — : I Spring Valley. SSU $\VA
Marln County. 60 — J .
, /' " GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L & P.;. 4 5 Pac Light .... 43 47^4
Equitable ~i%— Sacramento...— _.
Mutual 4% 6 S F G &E 43% —
Oakland 50% 51 San Francisco. 4 - • 414
Pac Gas Imp.. 43 43% Stktn G & E.. 8 —
; ¦ INSURANCE. :|Sg^i
Flrem's Fund. — 247 I /
BANKS.
Anglo-Cal ..::. 77% — V L P & A 130 '
California ....404 — Mer Ex <llq).. 18
Cal Safe Dep..lO7% — S F Natlonal.127% —
First Nat S F.305.,—
SAVINGS BANKS.
German ....... — 1910 Sav & Loan...
Humboldt .... — — ; Security ......275 ¦
Mutual Sav... 50 ¦'-— Union Trust. .1600
San Francisco.520 — .•
STREET RAILROADS.
California ....ISO 134 |O S L & H.... 40 _
Geary ....'..... — -40 Presidio 35 ' _ ¦'
Market ........ 73% 74%l . -
- POWDER.
Giant. 76% 77 |Vigorit J 314
• . . SUGAR,-.
Hana ....... 6% 7' Kilauea ..:.... 18 17 '.
Hawaiian ..... EO — ' Makawell 29^4 aji*
Honokaa ...... 15% 16% Onomea ....... Z1V, 23^
Hutchinson ... 16% — . Paauhau 21- 21^
MISCELLANEOUS,
Alaska Pack... — 131Vs|Oceanic S Co..— EO
Cal Fruit Can. 98 SbVa Pac Aux FA 2
Cal W^lne Asn. 89% — |Pac C^ Borax. .165 —
Mer Ex- .110. — JPar Paint .;;; 18: —
Morning Session.'
" 100 Honokaa 9 Co " is 00
60 Hutchinson S. P.' Co .:....•••."...... 16 37U
20 Market Street'. Railway ..;.... 74 00
$2000 Oceanio S-S* bonds ¦... .............'.. 102 50
•¦•' 75 Paauhau S P Co :.;..;;:.. .....v,.... 21 50
$1000 SP'of A bonds (1910) ....;........'ti3 00
¦ 10 Pacific Gaa Imp;..'.'"...';....^'."....,.. 43 50'
100 Pacific Gas Imp :."... ......; 43 23 •
'»1S5'S F Gas & Electric Co 43 50 •
$1000 S'P.o! "A. bonds (1910) ....;.... 113 00
¦-:¦ - 'Street— ¦¦ • . • . .. -
60 Bank-of California ...........;.... ..i04 00
I Wheat— • Sept. ' Dec.
Opening *...J 6 7% 5S3i
Closing 5 7?i . 6 6%
PARIS. / ¦
Wheat— Jury. Sept.-Deo.
Opening 22 00 22 40
Closing .: 22 15 i 22 45
. Flour— ' . • .
Opening 27 45 28 65
Closing ...........27 70- ,.2S 55
Chicago Livestock.
; CHICAGO. July 27.— CATTLE— Receipts, SOO,
Including 200 Texans; generally steady; good tc
prime steers, $5 35©5 80; poor to medium, $4@
6 25; 8tockers and feeders, $2 4O®4 30; cqws,
$2 75#4 SO; heifers, $2 23@4 75; canners. $1 2o@
2 25; bulls, S3 2S@4 SO; calves. S3@5 23; Texas,
J3@4 50. ¦ . ' .
HOGS— Receipts, 23,000; Monday, 4000; left
over, 10,000; market fully 10c lower. Mixed and
butchers $3 60@3 95; good to choice heavy, $5 SO
@6; rough heavy, $5 60@5 70; light, $5 55® 3 80;
bulk of sales, $5 75<j?5 So. . ' tc -.
SHEEP— Receipts, 2000; steady; lambs weak.
Good to choice wethers, . $3 80@4 25; fair to
choice mixed, s $3 25@3 75; "Western sheep, $3 23
@4; yearlings, J4@4 50; native lambs, $3@3;
Western lamba, $4 40®5.- : •
ST. JOSEPH LIVESTOCK.
ST. JOSEPH, Mo., July 27.—CATTLE—Re
ceipts, 137; nominally steady. Natives, $3 70®
5 75; cows and heifers, $1@4 50; bulls, stags,
etc., $2@4 75: stockers and feeders, $1 50@3 80;
veals, S2@5 25. - • •
, HOGS^-Recelpts. . 12,255; mostly 10c lower.
Light and light mixed, $5 45@5 75; medium and
heavy, .$5 70@6 05; hulk. $5 55@5 85.
SHEEP— Receipts. 351; nominally steady. .
Exports and Imports:
NEW YORK, July 27.— The imports of dry
poods and merchandise at . the port of ' New
York for the week were valued at $9,834,164.
The import's of - specie this week were $67,810
gold and $96,700 silver. . . ¦ ¦. '
The exports of gold and silver from this port
to all countries for this week aggregated $652,
230 silver bars and coin and $1003 gold. - • ¦
New York Cotton Market.',
I NEW, YORK, July 27.— The cotton market
closed steady, net 10 V points • lower on July,
but 1@4 points higher for late months.
' Portland's Business.
PORTLAND, Or.. July , 27.— Clearings. $211,
132; balances, $35,266. ¦ . . •
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND. July 27.— Wheat— Walla Walla,
56C \ - <¦ WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, July 27.— Wheat-i-Qulet and un
changed. Bluestem, 67c; club, 56c. ' The first
carload of this season's wheat was: received
here .: to-day.' If was grown at | Hatton and
weighed 62V4 pounds ¦ to the bushel. '
LIVERPOOL.
Foreign Futures.
Mrs J W Wheaton &
dau, Spokane, "Wash.
Mrs E Van Devander,
Spokane. Wash
H Van Devander, Ga
O Stevens. Mass
>r L Stevens, Mass
J M Altwater. Seattle
J Humphry. Los Ang
A Brincael. Denver
A E Curtne. Cal
Robt Talfor. Crockett
C Wright. wlf» & son.
Los Anseles . #
E House, mother an3
brother. Los Angeles
K Wilki<>, Brooklyn .
T H Barden, Suisun ." .
A Zlemann. Denver . £
NEW WESTERN HOTELu
John J ¦Wilkle, NY ,A McGown. New Yorfc
S P Conner. Denver H C Tlllman. San Joss
PALACE HOTEL.
H P Bull, New. York
Mrs T Sattes. Prescott
Chas Lipp. Buffalo
TV L. Brown. "Post"
G G Heyl & w, N T
Miss H Goldsmith,
Memphis
D Arnsberger. Tenn
Mrs E Campbell. L An
J F Hunt & w, Detroit
Mrs A Miller, Aria
I O Lusk. Chicago
C A Canfleld. L An?
P Woolsey, Portland
E T Wallace. Treka
H A Keller. Phlla
H Putnam, New Tork
M V Kahn, Oakland
R H Hoffman, Okland
H P Packard. Cal
O O Bryan, Ky
C F Kohl & servant,
San Mateo
J T Wlndell & w, Ky
D D Thompson, III
H Moss. Pa : i
W H Gregg Jr. M» '.
S Gisenberger & w.
- Mississippi
Miss 9»P Parker, Massj
G J Parker, Mass.
G F Nixon, Nevada
J P Shaw. New TorK
C L Slcarde, JT T
Mrs C H Gilsian, ' .'
Palo Alto l| i
Miss M K Gllmaa. '
Palo Alto
G W Baxter. Denver
O F Joseph, Seattle
R E Morris, Ariz
Mrs P A "Wentworth*
Los Angeles
H W Bishop & w. P«
R W Kellogs & w. Cal
GRAND HOTEL.
O M Churchill. "Wls
O B Graham. Fresno
REL Good. Clovla
O V Reed. Vtsalla
Mrs T B Hennessey,
Chicago
J R Holt. Redding
G R Holt, Reddln?
E J Gumpert, N Y
H Woods, Philadelphia
W Reldel. Visalia
Mrs W W Worthing &
daughter, Cal
Miss L M Parsons, Cal
E S St Clalr, Bkrsfield
C Echelnque & w, Cal
H M Reed, Reedley
J C Bernay, Texas
C Bernay, Texas
J E Tucker & fam. Mo
E L Van Cleech & w.
Cal
R E Harvey, LouSsvlle
W Toung-, Cal
M M Plnkhant & w,
St Paul, Minn
R Jones, S Barbara
L "W Clark. Redlands
J- H Anderson. Salinas
J Rogers, Michigan
M J Quintan. Michigan
J Whlcher & w, Cal
H R Stsson & w, Wash
C L Potndexter, Cal ¦
Mary E Gates. Seattle*
J M Peart. Colleg* Ct*
Dr Cory, Fresno
J T Price, Et Louis
J M Blodgett. Lodl
C \V Carmato, Sacto
D Joslln. New Zealand
R McCormtck. Chgo
B C Price, Cal
J Maxwell, Cal
Mrs Do Maurice. Cal
J Allrelght. Chicago
B W Palmer. Chicago
-I Clarke, San Jose -
B Field. Los Ang ¦
J Johnston, Los Ang
Capt Evans, Cal
F" B Hernrey, Chgo
C R Heath. Vallejo
Miss M S Heath, Cal
Miss F J Johnston.
Denver
M Champion, Denver-
Mis3 Sollett. Chicago
C R Wilcox & w. Cal
W . Hanby. Vacavllle -
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
On the Preduce Exchange to-day tha Butter
market was ftrm; creameries," 17ii«I20c; dalrieu,
13tfl?4e. Cheese, steady. SHOlOWc. Eggs,
steady; fresh. l2Vic.
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 210.000 . . 24,000
Wheat, bushels - £23.000 ISS.OOn
Corn, busheld a 207,000 '. 346,000
Oats, bushel 210.000 £69,000
Rye, bushels l!,00fl
Hurley, bushels 1.000
NEW TORK STOCK LIST.
Shares - Closms
Sold. Stock— Bid.
23,100 Atchison 7414
7,100 AtchiBon prefd j&t;
2,000 Baltimore & Ohio 95%
Baltimore .& Ohio prefd 92ii
1,500 Canadian Pacific 10£%
Canada Southern ..-.. 67
1.800 Chesapeake & Ohio 45
BOO Chicago & Alton : 3S»,i
COO Chicago & Alton prefd 76V4
SOO Chicago Ind & Louisville 34
100 Chicago Ind & Louisville prefd 70
Chicago & Eastern Illinois 122
100 Chicago & Great Western 22%
Chicago & Great Western A prefd.. 8O'/4
Chicago & Great Western B prefd.. 47^4
100 Chicago. & Xorth western 193
1.300 Chicago Rock Island & Padllc 141%
300 Chicago Terminal & Trans 1S%
Chicago Terminal & Trans prefd.... 3%
400 C C C & St Louis 90
300 Colorado Southern ; u
Colorado Southern 1st prefd 48
Colorado Southern 2d prefd 22'
€00 Delaware & Hudson ....153
D00 Delaware Lacka wanna & Western.. 225*4
Denver & Rio. Grande 41
COO Denver & Rio Grande prefd 91
B.7CO Erie *: 37%
1.C00 Erie 1st prefdS ;... 66ii
2CO Erie 2d prefd \ oo£
-• Great Northern prefd 171
400 Hocking Valley ; 50%
Hocking Valley prefd 74Vs
30« Illinois Central .....148^4
2,200 Iowa Central 36^4
3f* Iowa Central prefd 73
100 Lake Erie & Western ................ 54
Lake Erie & Western prefd.. ..."... ..115
1,330 Louisville & Nashville ;.:.. 1C2V*
100 Manhattan Elevated .'.llg^
"CO Metropolitan Street Railway 168
SCO Mexican' Central ; 23»:
100 Mexican National s%
300 Minneapolis & Et Louis ..107W
3.700 Missouri Pacific 99^
Missouri Kansas & Texaa 25
Missouri Kansas & Texas prefd ....-53
New Jersey Central 167
New York Central ; 1511;
Norfolk &. "Western 4;%
COO Norfolk & Western prefd S8V4
Northern Pacific prefd .............. 97
'3.200 Ontario & Western ZiY
1.80» Pennsylvania J m "
3,200 Reading 4m
300 Reading 1st prefd 76«
iM Reading 2d prefd 52
70S St Louis & San Francisco 40%
£t J-ou!s & San Fran let prefd 76V
100 Et Louis & San Fran 2d prefd 67»,i
St Louis Southwestern 28
900 Et Louis Southwestern prefd S0«
12.7C0 St Paul : 16074
....... St Paul prefd ./ 15414
. S.2CO f-cuthcrn Pacific : 56'i
3S0 Southern Railway 29H
l.IOfl Southern Railway prefd 34'
3R0 Texas & Pacific ' ......". 41U
200 Toledo Ft Louis * West.. 21
ira> Toledo St Louis & West prefd 34
17.SCO Union Pacific 99V;
300 Union Pacific prefd RS'A
CM Wabash ;....,. 21%
S00 AYabafih pr^fd !'.! 395!
200 Wheeling A Lake Erlo .........:..... is
•- JVbeeJing & Lake Erie 2d prefd.... 28VJ
2.M0 Wisconsin Central 20*i
... Wisconsin Central prefd 41
r c c &, st l ..:... 99.
Express Companies— >.
Adams .'.....;.. 170 '
....:.". American 190 '
....... United States- .;.. jj; '
\V>!ls Fargo ....140
Mijscrllancous—
3..V*0 Amalgamated Copncr ; 113
l.fl'10 American Car & Foundry 29U
J00 American Car & Foundry prefd.... S3 ."
Amrrican Linseed Oil 2%'
........ American Linseed Oil prefd ........ CO
?00 , American Smelting & Refining.:...' 54 ,
6,000 American Smelting & Refing prefd. 100
414 American Tobacco' — ..133%
l.lfift Aneconda. Mining Co 1 ........144Vs
709" Brooklvn Rapid - Transit ............ 76V?
....... Colorndrj Fuel & Iron .... ......"...;; 59U
?"«¦ f!on.«olldatMl O&b .:.........-...... ,...tis
tM Continental Tctecco -: ..........:. 66#
Business In railroad bends has been on a
small scale.
United States refunding 2s have advanced %
per cent on call for the week.
up grade or the down grade. The dealings in
vhe Steel stocks and to a certain extent in the
vJrariKors and Pacincs overshadowed the r%st of
the market. The Steel etocks were stronir on
the same kind of operations as those of yester
day, seemingly based on a belief in an early
triumph of the corporation in the strike con
test. The common stock rose an .extreme i%
and the preferred 2U. The corn-carrylngr rail
roads were benefited by the weakness of the
corn market and reports of the breaking of the
Western drought. The Canadian Pacific sub
sidiary roads responded to the recent strength
In that Btock. The Tobacco 6tock». People's
Gas. Amalgamated Copper and American Cot
ton Oil and a few others were notably strong.
Traders sold the market on the Increase in
loans reported by the bank statement, but they
Induced no following, and covered- their short
line* before the close, which was steady at the
recovery.
The week Just passed has- given pretty clear
evidence of the culmination, for the time at
least, of the rpeculatlon for the decline in
tiooks and for the rise In grains, which has
been going on In the various markets during
the whole of July. The effect on the stock mar
ket has been feverish and Irregular movements
of prices with narrowing fluctuations and de
creasing volumes of business. According to the
Invariable rule in speculative movements of any
dimensions, this one >has overdone Itself. The
consequence hn« been reaction from the recent
ly prevailing tendency. Stocks have recovered
and grains have relapsed. Monday morning's
prices were the low. .«t of the week, but did not
reach, except In a tew cases, the level of the
preceding Monday. Expert estimates of the corn
yield on the basis of the damage done reveal
that a large traffic yet remains for the rail
roads from the crop and the Important compen
sation of a •uereuful wheat crop Is urged. The
relatively smaller proportion borne by the grain
traffic on the Western railroads to the total
tonnage Is taken Into con8ld>r*atlon. But when
all is raid, the fact is still recognised that the
unprecedentedly prosperous conditions of the
last few years ' are already altered with tha
final outcome of the steel rtrike still to be
reckoned with. Even with the severe losses al
ready recorded from the high level of the year
in the prices of railroad stocks the fact is kept
In mind that the l>Urh level was beyond all
warrant In actual conditions and represented a
Urge degree of speculative Inflation. Question-
Ing arose, which found no place In the excited
period of bull (peculation, as to just how stocks
are to benefit in value, even supposing all that
has been related of community of interests and
passing of control of centralized railroad sys
tems be true. The process In almost every in
stance was approximately the came and In
volved the purchase of control at high prices
and the issuance of bonds ahead of the stock
of the purchasing railroad. These bond Issues
are of a volume that require high earnings of
the most prosperous years by the purchased
roads to pay the charges upon them and to keep
the system out of bankruptcy. Another consid
eration Is the enormous amount of capital and
credits tied up in the purchasing syndicates of
various control.
The beginning this week in a small way of
the transfer of currency to the interior to move
the crops calls attention to the fact that re
cent liquidation in the stock market had as its
object preparation to meet this requirement,
and not to supply means ,for a renewed specu
lation In stocks. The question also arises
whether this year will see the normal response
to this Interior movement of currency In an in
flow of gold frqm abroad. It will be remem
bered that* since the South African war cut off
the supply of gold from Europe the United
States has seen no important Inflow of gold,
when our export of foodstuffs begins to go
abroad. This was true in spite of a merchan
dise export balance in our favor unprecedented
In our history. Foreign money markets look
for a demand for gold from New Tork in the
autumn, but as to their ability to meet it au
thorities are not agreed. The speculative out
look from the present level of prices is thus
C\Vl h Meridian— Pacific Tli«e.)
PAN* FRANCfFCO. July 17—5 p. m.
The following maximum temperatures were
re*>ortea from ttatiens in California to-day:
Kureka. ZS: Mount Tamalpais. 7S: Independ
ence. 9S: Hod Bluff. 1P«: Fresno. 104: Los An
jteles. Ft; Sacramento, S4; San Lule Oblspo. 7«;
Ban DtecD. 68.
San Frar.oisco data: Maximum temperature,
E9: minimum. 4?: moan. £4.
Weather Report.
Late mail reports from New York eay:
"The decline of Kic Jn the *pot currant mar
ket was the principal feature In dried fruits
during the week. The immediate cause of the
break was the arrival of rather large addi
tional supplies from Greece and the pressure of
one of the receivers to cell, but a slump had
been exr*ctf d In nom* quarters for some
weeks. The market was nominally unchanged
Saturday at 9e for best Amelias, but the tone
*-a» not stronsr. Pome email lots of Amaiia
trade were available at s\c and Provincial
were quoted at that figure also. No business
*-ns reported in currants for immediate *hlp
men« from Grorcf, but b!ds were reported
*...ii.-n».«. on a tutals of Ss. the catye offering
being i'4s.
"Prunes, pesch^s Br , n bleached Suluna
raisins developed considerable strength during
th« w**k. Spot supplies of all three articles
¦r* lifht and demand, rartlclarly for prunes
• nd pf»che«. «¦•¦ «juHe active. Stocks of-40
b0:. «0-T0» arid sv-lOum are especially scarce and
wanted. Tnf** thrre rises are being held firm
by most holder* at «<»e, be and 3\tC respectively.
On the 00**1 «he *nirr>d Fruit AwiociaUon Is r«-
P«rt<-d holding price* v*r>" Arm at a S l iiifl"»c
bans, according to «Ue. Some buytns of car
lots, to arrive, was done during the week and
there was a reported good Inquiry from local
d*«ler* at a 2o IapIp. with, it Is understood,
no further eoods avullable «t that prlee
"The t-oniiumptlve demand In peaehe* showed
coneideiable Improvement, owing possibly to
tfsrrnge to x-etetable crops. This, with the
realisation that tuiiplie* here are unusually
llcrr.U led to a very fair buying movement
¦ mens Jobber*, a medium to choice-grade
peach being most wanted at rrom 6ff">irJ In
I'Rps. Apples were tn moderate dsmand and
with offerings not numerous the market was
veil sustained. Futures wer* very strong,
•"ales of prime for October and November de
livery beln* reported late In the week at M4c.
Dried Fruits in Nrjv York.
¦were KO.976,772. against $16,620,761 during the
same week last year. In view of the strike
last week this Increase over last year is re
markable.
The local bank clearing* for the part week
Bank Clearings.
» " • I I U / SATURDAY. July tt-U m. '
Bid. Ask. Bid. Ask.
Alpha Oi C« Justice 09 ID
Alta OS OS Kentuck Ci «
Andes 03 M Lady Wash .... 01 —
Belcher 11 11 Mexican 19 to
Best & Belcher 20 23 Occidental ..... 07 0'.)
Bullion 03 C3 Ophlr SI S3
Caledonia 41 43 Overman 15 19
Challenge Con. 43 43 Potool 10 11
Choilar 10 11 Savaso 12 13
Confidence 1 60 1 63 Scorpion • — 04
Con CM & Va..2 13 2 20 So* Delchar — to
Con Imperial... 01 G2 Sierra Nevada. 19 2t>
Con New York. 01 02 Sliver Kill .... S3 tJ
Crown Point... 10 11 St Louis W —
Eureka' Con.... C< — Standard .3 W J 63
Exchequer — C2 Syndicate 03 —
Gould & Curry 13 19 Union Ccn ..... 14 17
Kale & Xoro... II S3 Utah 03 01
Julia — OS T«Uow Jacket., tt U
SO0 Belcher 12 500 Mexican •...*%•• 19
SOO Best & Belcher 21 2C0 Ophlr 13
300 Best & Belcher 22 600 Ophlr St
400 Chalengs Con..- 41 430 overman 13
150 Con Cal & Va..J 25 200 Potost H
300 Con Cal & V.3 22* 700 Savaga 13
250 Con Cal & Va..J 20 700 Sierra Nevada, id
10O Confidence. ...1 62* 8)0 Sierra Nevada. 13
150 Confidence 1 60 300 Union Con 14
SOO Crown Point... 12 430 Utah. Cl
20O Crown Point. 12* 250 Utah 03
(00 Justice 03 730 Tellow Jacket.. S3
200 Kentuck 02 1150 Tellow Jacket.. 31
, i.. CLOSING QUOTATIONS. (. A
Morning Session,
The! following were tha sales la ti« Paella
Stock Exchange yesterday:, <
100 Belcher 12 400 Mexican U
153 Caledonia : 40 200 Occidental €3
100 Caledonia 41 200 Ophlr 83
300 Chollar 12 JOO Ophlr 8*
10O Chollar 11 600 Overman 14
100 Con Cal & Va..2 25 200 Potost U
W0 Crown Point... i: S00 Savage W
600 Oould & Curry IS 200 Sierra Nevada. t!>
200 Hale & Norc... 23 100 Union Con 1?
COO Justice 09 100 Tellow Jacket., U
12C0 Kentuck 03
Morning Session.
The following were the sales la t2t« Ban
Francisco Stock and exchange Board yester
day:
PRODUCERS* OH. EXCHANGE. I ' j.
Morning Session, ' • }j >
Board— ¦ ¦'
1000 Bear Flag « .....t. ....(• H
S0O Four ..'. .m M
1500 Independence (cash) 1A
100 Junction • • 09
100 Kern .-. • I &
ISO Monarch of ArlionU • fO
60 Monarch of Arizona SI
$00 Oil City Petroleum « "*
350 Petroleum Center j>*
100O West Lake ...^^^... •*• W
MININO STOCKS.
* '-'_... -^ ' ' ' »
CHICAGO, July 87.— September wheat opened
T4®lHo lower at 69K@69%c; under the influence
of weakness at Liverpool and fair showers In
the . Northwest, almost the. only part of the
country where a bumper crop Is not yet as
cured. The bulk of .tho day's business <was
done, during the first half hour, during which
many small lines were, liquidated. This pres
sure eased later and the ro was a moderate cov
ering movement and some . reinstating of long
lines because of • fear that damage might 'be
done this spring wheat crop by hot weather,
thought to bo due, following recent rains. The
market was thus woifced up to 70c. but th«
close found the feeling rather weak, September
selling Tio undor yesterday at 69%c.
Corn values sagged '. lower on showers and
moderating temperatuics. Long corn came out
at the opening. At the low point of the day,
however there were crders to buy. The clote
wus easy, September H<5^4c lower at 55%©35isc.
Oats were moderately active but lower.' in
sympathy with wheat and corn. September
closed •H(!T ! Sic lower at. 34H®34Hc .
The liberality of the nog movement continued
to have a depressing* effect on provision fu
tures Trade was dull. September pork closed
17V4o lower, lard 10®12V&c down and ribs lOo
Yhe'leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— - Open., High Low. Close.
juYy h "™£"....: ¦«* «* «8H 6 8 «i
September «9% . 70 «9\J «9H
December 71% 71% Tl« T1H
3SEv$&£ «* «% *"> wi
September 65* 65* 64*5 55*
December 6«Vi * B7 66 56*
Ju^y 1 '..^?.'..^.;... W S*H 84^ 84V4
lr a p h b ?r..:::::r.: S'-.-ff 4 m S$
Mess Pork, per' bbV—
September^. 14 20 14 30 15 15 14 15
January 14 «5" M 70 14 60 14 70
Lard, per 100 llta—
September 8 57M, 8 60 8 55 - 8 57H
October ? 8 CV? . 8 65 , 8 60 8 62H
January ............ 8 60 8 65 8 50 8 52V4
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs—
September . 7 90 7 92V4 7 85 7 87H
October 7 92ft 7 92ft 7 87* : 7 90
January..... 7 70 7 70 7 65 .7 67*
Cash quotations I were as follows: Flour,
steady; winter patents. $3 40©3 50; straights, $3
©3 30; clears, $2 70.83 10; spring specials, ¦ $4 10®
4 20; patents. $3 4<VR>3 70; straights, $3 80»3 20;
bakers $S 20«?2 63; Xo. 3 spring wheat, 67©69>ic;
No 2 red, 70e: No. 8 corn, 64*c: No. 2 yellow;
84'Hc No. 3 oatn. S5c; No. 2 white, S6VJ?TSSc;
No. 3 white. 3fl«T3SVic;,No. 2 rye. 5Gy$@S7c; fair
to choice malting barley, 55®57c; No. 1' flax
reed, tl S3: prime timothy seed, $0 23: mess pork,
per bbl. $14 101114 15: lard, per 100 lbs. $S 52H©
$S 65; short-ribs .sides (loose, $7 75fr7 95; dry
»nlted shoulders (boxed), "UQ'ftc; short clear
sides (boxed), $3 25®i.S5. , ¦
Grain Bags quoted lozver again.
Bank clearings show a large gain for the zvcek.
Exchange and Sihcr as before quoted.
Business still light on the stock exciwnges.
Wheat slightly loxver. Barley very dull.
Nothing Hctv in Corn, Oats and Rye.
Hay trade still seriously affected by the strike. ,
Colored Beans continue in demand for shipment.
Potatoes generally steady. Onions and Vegetables zveak.
Poultry dull, zvith ample supplies.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs slan'd about the same.
Orchard fruits very firm at improving prices.
Grapes slow of sale.
Good tnovci7icnt in dried fruits in the interior.
Prune association and packers to meet to-morrow.
Provisions quiet but generally firm.
Wool, Hops and Hides unchanged. .
Nothing ntzv in the Meat market.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
WASHINGTON, July 27.— To-day's statement
of the Treasury balances In the, general fund
exclusive of the $150,000,000 gold reserve In the
division of. redemption, shows: Available cash
balance. $173,013, 665 ; goid. J98,172,943.
Condition of the Treasury.
NEW YORK, July 27.— There was the usual
Saturday dullness prevalent In the market for
metals to-day, and price changes were far and
few between. Tin was quiet but firm at $27 73
©23. Lead, dull at $4 3714. . Spelter, dull at
J3 90@3 95. Copper, quiet, at 17c for- Lake Su
perior and J16 62% for casting and electrolytic,
while iron was dull and unchanged, $9 50<31Q for
plglron warrants. No cables received. .
New York Metal Market.
NEW YORK, July 27.— The Commercial > Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
The markets were completely stagnant to
day. Including Americans, which were ' unre
sponsive.
Anaconda, $%; Canadian Pacific, 108; Atchi
son, 75U: do preferred. 97; Denver and Rio
Grande, 42U; do preferred, 93; Northern Pacific
preferred,. 99: Southern Pacific, 57%; Union Pa
etfle. 102'4.: do preferred. S8% ; bar silver, quiet
at 26%d per ounce; money, 1%@2 per cent.* i .
London Market.
NEW YORK. July 27.— The statement of the
associated banks for the week ending to-day
shows: Loans. JS67.652.400; Increase, $11,454,900.
Deposits, ?942.!>3S.500; Increase, 13,793,200. Cir
culation. $30,C37.300: decrease. $72,600. Legal
tenders. J79.942.000; increase. $1,628,100. Specie,
$178,921,200; increase, Sl.419,400. Reserves, $258,
6S3.200: increase, ?3,047,500. Reserve required,
$535,734,625; Increase. $948,100. Surplus, $23,127,
600: Increase, $2,099,200.
The Financier says: The . statement • of the
associated banks last week was again- favor
able, ehowlng an Increase of $2,009,200: In sur
plus, carrying this item to $23,128,575. or the
highest amount since February, when the sur
plus was t24.630.S25. The banks may there
fore be regarded as In an exceedingly strong
position for this season of the year, and they
are presumably able to meet prospective de
mands for money from their correspondents In
the agricultural sections of the country for
crop moving purposes without being under the
necessity of restricting accommodations .. to
local borrowers. The gain of $17,917,050" in sur
plus since the first week in July has been
chiefly accomplished through ¦ the ..heroic con
traction in loans, there having been a deduc
tion of $33,268,400 in the two weeks ending
July 13 and July 20. It is noteworthy that the
expansion of loans shown by last week's state
ment was largely Incidental to the increase in
the capital and surplus of the First National.
The payment made for the increase of $9,500,
000 capital stock of the bank was placed - in
the loan account and presumably the additional
$5,000,000 surplus was transferred to cash from
the undivided profit account of the institution.
Comparisons of gains in the items of loans,
specie, legal tenders and deposits of the First
National show an increase during the week of
$9,002,400 In loans, a gain of $6,047,000 in specie
and an increase of $100,200 In legal tenders. These
items together call for a gain of $15,177,000 in
deposits, whereas the increase shown ¦ by this
statement of the bank was only 15,688,400, and
hence the statement of this bank does not har
monize by nearly $10,000,000. The gain of $3,
047,500 In • cash showed by Saturday's return
of the associated banks . very nearly corre
sponds with the preliminary estimates, but
as above stated the exceptional gain In this
item by one bank deranges all calculations and
makes necessary a reference to the table of In
dividual gains or losses in the item referred to.
The deposits of the banks as a whole show an
Increase of but $3, 793, 200. whereas the gains In
loans and In each together call for an increase
of $14,6O2*,40O in deposits. The difference of
$10,708,000 is in great part accounted for through
reasons already given. ¦ ¦ , _
Associated Banks' Statement.
••":ii Continental Tobacco prefd ...115
100 Ceneral Electric ..253
Glucoso Sugar 63
• Hocking Coal .:..... ;.. 20^4
• International Paper .."................21'
....... International Paper prefd S7
420 International Power ;... 91%
Laclede Gaa 95
_ 400 National Biscuit- 42H
JOO National Lead 19^4
¦ National Salt .'>41
....... National Salt prefd ...^ 74
North American 100V4
Pacific Coast 61
Pacific Mail 37
1,800 People's Gas 114*4
900 Pressed Steel Car 48'
....... rrossed Steel Car prefd ............ 83
100 Pullman Palace Car .....253 :
800 Republic Steel 19%
300 Republic Steel prefd 74 M;
2.300 Sugar 142Vi
1.100 Tennessee Coal & Iron 62H
Union Bag A Paper Company. 15" v i
Union Bag & Paper Company prefd 70%
400 United States Leather 13U
100 Uniwil States Leather prefd ........ "S>;
100 United States Rubber 19V S
100 United States Rubber prefd 5S
Ti.nno United States Steel U*i
35.100 United States Steel prefd 94H
• Western Union J2>;
217,000 Shares cold.
' CLOSING BONDS.
V S 5s reg ret 107*4 N J C gen 5s. 129 ¦•
Do coupon 107% N Paclflo 3s 73*4
Do Ss reg 108»» Do 4s ....103%
Do 3s coupon.... 109 N Y C & St L 4s.,107'i
Do new 4s reg....lS7^ N & W con 4s. ."....102
Do new 4s coup.'.USU Or Nav lsts 107VI
Do old 4s reg. ...US Do 4s 103
Do old 4s coupon. 113 Or Short Line 6s.. .127
Do Re reg 107% Do con 6s 117)1
Bo 6s coupon. ."...109 Reading gen 4s 95
Dtst Of Col 3.65s. ..124 R a W lsts 100VS
Atchtson gen 4s. ...103^4 St L &.I M con 8s.H6
Do adj 4s 96 St L & S F gen 6s. 132
Canada So 2ds 109\t St Paul cons 17S
Ches & O 4V4s 107H St P C & P lsts.... 120
Chi St N con 7s 142 Do 5b 117
Do S F deb 6s. ...122 S Pacific 4s 92
Chicago Term 4s... 93H S Railway Ss 113%
Colorado So 4s S7% Stand R & T 6s... 60
D & R G 4s 102 Tex & Pac lsts.. ..119
Erie gen 4s 86 Do 2ds 99J4
F W & D C lste...lO4 U Pacific 4s... VHVa
Oen Electric 6s. ...200 Wabash lsts llSVa
Iowa Cent lsts 115U Do 2ds 112
L & N unl 4s 1O1',4 West Shore 4s......im4
M K & T 2ds 83 Wise Cent lsts..... 87*
Do 4s 97 Va Centuries 94
NYC lets 104*4
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— West End 94J4
Call loans 4ff4\4 Westinghse Elec... 70H
Time loans 4@4',{- Bonds— .-
Stocks— • Atchison 4s ....101U
Atch T & Sta Fe.. 74H N E Gas & C Bs... 54%
Do prefd 959» Mining Shares-
American Sugar... 1424 Adventure 24%
Amer Telephone... 160^ Bingham 20%
Boston & Albany.. 2S7 Amalg Copper 113
Boston Elevated.. .1S7 Atlantic ............ 85
Boston & Maine... 193 Calumet & Hecla-.73O
Dominion Coal 3!>U Centennial 27
Do prefd H2Vi Franklin 174
U S Steel 44*i Humboldt 25
Do prefd 94 Oseeola MVi
Fltchbunr prefd. ..143 Parrot ;. 80
Qen Electric. ......253 Qulncy 1.0
Mexican Central... 2S\i Santa Fe Copper... 6
N E Qas & Coke... «Vi Tamarack 340
Old Colony SOS Utah Mining 89
Old Dominion 2» Wtnona 25
Union Pacific 93H WcHverlnes 60
Union Land." »*i
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 40 Little Chief 1J
Alice 43 Ontario 8 7s
£ .1 4-. Ophlr 75
Brunswick Con IS Phoenix °«
Com?tock Tunnel... .6»* Potoel os
Con Cal & Va 2 IS Sa\-age 10
Dcadwood Terra.... S5 Sierra Nevada 17
Horn Silver 1 SO Small Hopes V>
Iron Silver «fv Standard 3 00
Londvllle Con 0*i
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL
DRIED ' FRUITS,
lasses sugar, ¦ 3 5-lSc; ; ¦ refined/- quiet; ¦ No. ¦ ' 6,
4.85c; No. 7, 4.75c; 'No. 8,4.«|c; No. 9, 4.60cS
No. 10, 4. 85c; 1 No. 11, 4.50c; I?o. 12, 4.50c; No.
13, 4.40c; No. 14, -4.40c; Standard-A, 6.25c; con
fectioners' A; 5.25c; mold A, -,6.80c: v cutloaf,
C.S5c; ¦•• crushed, . 5.95c; ¦: powdered, "6.50c; rgranu
iated,'B.45c: cubes,:5.70c - -•;• -^>.-. C/^i-afc;.* '•'-¦ —
- BUTTER— Receipts,',- '3900 packagejp • firm.
Dairy, -14@19c; creamery, 16@20« / 4c;..fB»fory, 13@
15c; imitation creamery,. 14@17c... l »r, , ..
• EGGS— Receipts, > i S60O packages; * Western
candled, 14@15c: do.'uncandled, 8^120. ' / . "
J The market for evaporated apples ruled quiet
and steady, with deaiand principally from out
of town. State common to good. 3V>@5c; prime,
6V4®5%c: choice. ¦ 6@6%c. and fancy, 6K@7e.
California fruita ruSed dull. ; c . ;
PRUNES— 2%@Cttc. ¦-** * • ¦ -,
APRICOTS— Royal, 8@12c; Moorpark, 1*£t?pi2o.
PEACHES— Peeled,' ll@lSc;.unpeeled, 6@I0c
M ' '—— *'
- FRUITS— Apricots, ; 7@9c for new Royala and
VAo- tc - 14c for standard, to fancy - Moorparka;
new 'Evaporated- Apples,', 5®7c; new Peaches,
60 for July and 5^4c for August delivery; Pears,
4@8c; Plums, pitted; 3@5c; . unpitted, .^©lUc;
Nectarines, 4g4%c for red and 4@5c for white.
. PRUNES — 4 • sizes: '• 40-BOs, • 6V4c; ¦.- 50-60a. 4Uo;
60-70b,3%c; 70-80E, 3Uc; 80-90s. 2%c; 80-lOOs, 2^4c;
100-120s,"lVic." ¦ ' : - ¦¦¦¦?'¦>¦¦¦¦¦-' .:¦..¦-¦¦ :r ¦¦¦• t
¦ RAISINS— The' Raisin Growere' Association
has established the following ¦ prices: Bleached
Thompson's fancy, 12c per.- lb: 'choice,; lie;
standard. * 10c:-; prime,* 9c; : unbleached Thomp
son's,? So per lb.- Sultanas— Fancy, 10%c per lb;
choice, - 8%c; standard. - 8%e; « prime,, -j8c;.;un
bleached , Sultanas,* 8c: 4 Seedless,, 50-lb : boxes,
6%c;' 4-crown.% 7c;: 3-crown; 6'/4c;, 2-crown, 1 6c;
Pacific :¦ brand— 2-crown, 6c r 3-crown, > 654c. -• and
'¦¦ The local * trade report a . very good move
ment In new fruit ' In the country, but there
Is little or nothing going on here, largely owing
to the strike. .A: good market is expected-this
fall, owing to the widespread: damage to the.
fruit crops throughout the country by the early
cold weather In the • spring . and 1 the prolonged
hot spell during the past two months. -The out
put - except on . the Pacific Coast, will probably
be small and inferior, . while the ¦ California
crops arealso short:* -.^; ' L
The Cured - Fruit r and' Packers .- Associations
will probably- decided to-morrow whether they
wllU continue - their, partnership In : Prunes dur
ing, the coming year. « According to locar deal
ers- the chances- now 1 are that they will sepa
rate. '* The ' result ' of ¦ this separation will be
watched- with" great Interest by growers. -
CITRUS FRUITS — Mediterranean - Sweets,
Valenciaa. and St. Michaels. $1@3 25;. Lemons,
SOc@?l 60 for common and J2@3 25 for good to
choice; Grape Fruit. 50c@$l 50; Mexican Limes,
15 50@6; Bananas. $l@2per bunch; Pineapples,
Jl 50@2 50 per dozen. ¦- •. ' - . '.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisbis.
. PEACH E&—30@60o ¦ per box and 20@40c per
basket and • $15@35 • per ' ton , for Frees -and $30®
40 for Clings; Sawyer's Seedlings, per bas
ket. '
NECTARINES— White, S0@50c per box; Red,
5O@eoc
PE ARS— Bartletts. * Sl@l 25 per box for No. 1,
40@75c for No. 2 and $25(i?40 per ton.
STRAWBERRIES— $3@5 per chest for Long
worths and $3@)4 50 for large berries.
BLACKBERRIES— S3@5 per chest.
LOGAN BERRIES— $5@6 per chest.
RASPBERRIES— $4@7 per chest.
HUCKLEBERRIES— 8@10c per lb.
FIGS— Black, 75c@$l per box for single and
S150@2 for double layers; White, nominal. : -
• MELONS— Nutmegs, 75c@Sl 50 per box: Can
taloupes/ 81@1 60 per half crate and $1 75@3 per
large 1 crate; Watermelons, from Fresno, 8@"25c
apiece. . ' * - -¦**.-
GRAPES — Seedless and Black, from Arizona,
— per crate; Fontaihebleau and. Black, from
Vacaville, 60c@$125 per box; Tokay, - — per
crate; Muscats. 81 40©l 50; Seedless, . Sl@l 40;
Black Prince, - SI 25@1 50.
. APPLES— 85c@$l 25 per box for good to choice
and 40@75c for ordinary. , ¦ ' «i*!l¥!
. APRICOTS— 20@35c per box, 40@60c per crate;
in bulk, $10(415 per ton for small and $20@25 for
large.- • : -' ' ' ¦
CRABAPPLES — 35c@fl per box, according to
package, j ¦ ¦ ¦
PLUMS— 40@75c per box and 20@40o per bas
ket;. Prunes, 65@75c per crate and 40@60c per
basket: Green Gasea. $15@20 per ton.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS.
The strike center, which was In the fruit
trade at the beginning- of the week, has shifted
to other districts, and the fruit dealers report
their, goods movlnff to and from the wharves
with- comparative 'freedom. Receipts continue
light and 'the,- market for most descriptions Is
firm In consequence. Pears, Plums and Peaches
are especially firm on canning account, and
prices have! advanced • materially- during the
week.- Apples are in fair supply and prices have
not changed* for some time. Figs continue
scarce and high; Apricots 'are- In moderate de
mand and steady. Grapes are in better assort
ment, and, the market Is slow, though good
prices ; are being obtained. Melons also keep
up. ¦ Berries show; little j change from day to
day. . v ' .
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Most dealers - an quoting a weak and over
supplied Butter market, but a few whose sup
plies are small report the feeling: steady. Prices
show no further change. Cheese is still in light
supply and firm.
Fine ranch Eggs are quoted firm, and some
dealers are rather looking for a small advance.
The medium and. lower grades continue quiet
and easy. 1 Receipts are not large at the mo
ment. ¦ .' ¦ . : -
Receipts were 48,500 pounds and 22 tubs of
Butter, 865 cases of Eggs, cases Eastern
Eggs, . £050 pounds of California Cheese,
pounds Oregon Cheese and pounds Eastern
Cheese.
BUTTER— Creamery, 20@21c per lb for fancy
and 19@19^c for seconds; dairy, 14@19c per lb.
CHEESE— New, 9@10c; old, nominal; Young
Americas,- 10@llo per lb. ¦
EGGS — Ranch, 17@19o for . good to fancy;
store. 13S15c per dozen. .. *•'-.',
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
The week closed dull, with some stock left on
¦.and.
POULTRY— Llv« Turkeys, 8©9c for Gobblers
and 8®9c for Hens; Geese, per pair, $l(ffl 25;
Gosltngs, SI 12H&1 25; Ducks, $2 60@3 for old
and $3@4 for young; Hens, $3 60@4; your.g
Roosters 84 5C7J3; old Roosters. 83 50@4: Fryers.
$3 50@4; Broilers. $2 50®3 for large and $1 50@2
for small; Pigeons, $1 50@l 75 per dozen for old
and SI 25@1 60 for Squabs.'
GAME— Hare, Sliftl 50: Rabbits, $1@1 60 for
Cottontail and Si for Brush.
Poultry and Game.
POTATOES-SSeflJSl 20 In sacks and $1®1 60 In
boxes for Burbnnks. 80®90o for Garnet Chiles
and 70»i-80o for Kurly Roao; Salinas Burbanks.
$1 2S«T1 50.
ONIONS— Yellow, 85cQU per ctl.
VKOiUTAHl.KS-Afj'nraRUs. 11 75QS IS for
large and 50c{T$l 50 for ordinary; Green Peas.
lVatiic: String Beans. liffSc: Llmas, 596c: Cab
b«u.>. 35(f 40a per ctl. : Tomatoes, from the River,
in larco boxes, l.VuS.V; Dried Peppers, UfflSc;
Green Okra, *H®10c: Carrots, 2S©35c per sack;
Cucumbers, Hay, 25©30c; Pickles, IVic per lb
for small and lo for large: Garttc, 2®3(<; Green
Peppers, 50c$TU oer box for Chile &nd 81 :iW
1 75 for Bell; I£gg Plant, 50c(fSl per box: Oreen
Corn, SScffiti per sack; Alameda, Jitfl 50 per
crate; Berkeley, 75c@*l; Summer Squash, large
boxes, 15tT2oc; New Marrowfat Squash, lV&Q2o
per lb. ¦ ¦ ' ,
Early Rose Potatoes are now quoted weak
and lower, but Burbanks are steady and not
materially changed. . Onions are in better sup*
ply and lower. Th« market is overstocked with
Tomatoes and cheap and dry Corn. Green
Peppers continue in light supply at the good
prices.
BEANS— Bayos, $2 45©2 60; Small White,
?4 80@4 95; Large White. *3 40@3 75; Pink. 81 75
@1 90; Red, S3 15@>3 25; Blackeye, S3 25Q3 40;
Umas, $6 S0®6 40; Red Kidney, $4 25 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal. Yellow
Mustard, nominal; Flax, $2 75®3; Canary. 3H«
3>ic for Eastern: Alfalfa, nominal; Rape, 1%9
2Kc: Hemp. 3V4o per lb.
DRIED PEAS— Niles. SI 65 per CtL
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Colored Beans, especially Pinks, rule firm' at
the advanced prices, and the demand for ship
ment continues.
MIDDLINGS-119 50©21 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— RolUd Barley, 916917 60 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. $25©23; Jobbing,
$26 CO; Cocoanut Cake. S1701S: Corn Meal,
$30 60®S150; Cracked Corn, $31<ffS2; Mixed Feed,
- HAY— New is quotable as follows: I Wheat,
87®9 50: choice, $10: Wheat and Oat, $8 50©9;
Oat, 86® S 50; Barley and Oat. 86@8: Alfalfa,
t*@9; Clover, 85 K0@7; Volunteer, 34 50(35 50.
STRAW— 25@12V4o per bale-. .... ¦
Beans and Seeds. I l .'! !
BRAN— $1SS?13 60 per ton.
. There were only 8 cars of fresh Hay on the
track, and they were sold off to retailers, who
hauled their purchases away in small wagons.
The wcgons of the large dealers are mostly
tied up by the strike. The feeling Is easy,
but ¦ there is less demoralization.
Feedctuffs' stand as before.
Hay and Feedstuffs:
FLOUR-Californla Family » extras, $3 25©
3 60. usual terms; Bakers' Extras. $3 15Q3 25;
Oregon. | S3 50®2 75 per' barrel for family and
S3 7S@3 for bakers'; Washington bakers', S3 75
©3. ¦•¦ •< -, v - '¦• > ¦ :
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as fol
lows, usual' discount to the trade: . Graham
Flour. S3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour. SI 75; Rye
Meal, S3 60; Rice Flour, J7: Corn Meal. S3 15;
txtra cream do. $4; Oat Groats, $5; Hominy.
S4JM 25; Buckwheat Flour. S4©4 3a; Cracked
Wheat, $3 50: Farina. S4 50; Whole Wheat
Flour, $3 25: Rolled Oats (barrels). S6 83©8 S3:
In sacks, $6 5068; Peart Barley, $5; Split
Peas, |5; Green Peas, SS 50 per 100 lbs. V
Flour and Millstuffs.
97%c@$l 17% tot red • and 85c®$l for ; black,
with sales small and a lack of Interest on the
part of - buyers. The Chicago- market was
slightly lower. '<>-, ¦ ¦ ' ,
CORN— The market continues nominal, , as
the hjph . prices continue to check . trade. ¦ , . :
A dlsnatch from Chicago eald: "Snow, tn«
statistician, elves the condition of Corn In the
ten principal States at 58, against, a -in 1894,
which was, the year. of. the short crop. Ten
per cent of a crop is the best that Kansas can
do now. with fte best- of ralna. The current
showers are all west, of the Corn belt, and
there la ¦ not ¦ much show I for . the crop.
Topeka reports the rain too light and
scattering to do any Rood. However,
the Southwest sold all the morning. The
current I feature Is the very | small reserve.
There Is practically no Corn held 'In the. cribs
anywhere. Primary receipts for the week were
2,405,000 bushels, acainst 3,163,000 for the sama
week last year. Shipments were 434,900 bush
els, against 649,200." . - - ' _ ¦ :.
Small round Yellow, $1 75: Eastern Tellow,
$1 60@l 62V4 ; White, Jl 7001 75 per • ctl ; Mixed,
nominal. '-'
RYE— 72%@77*4o per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT*-Non© . In. first hands. r
.. FOR SATURDAY. JULT 27. .
Flour, qr sks.... 14,840 Bran, ska 1, M0
¦Wheat, ctls 623 Onions, ska 1.7T4
Barley, ctls 14,610 Hay, tons 302
Oats, ctls 4,990 Pelts, bdls 184
Sugar, ctls 1,400 Hides, No 361
Tallow, ctls 266 Lime, bbls 182
Corn. East, ctls.. 560 Wool, bales 67
Potatoes, sks 3,730 Wine, gals 5,100
Middlings, sks... 355 Leather, rolls ... 39
Receipts of Produce, j jt \$
1* . E=r~r I''"'
COAL OIL— Water White Coal Oil. In bulk.
13c: Pearl Oil, In cases. l»c; Astral, 19c; Star.
19c; Extra Star. 23c; Elala*. t4c: Eocene, tlo:
deodorized stove nasoiine. i n balk, 13c: In
cases, 21c: Benzine, in bulk, 14c; in cases, Me;
JtS-degree Gasoline, in bulk, 20c; in cases, 26c
TURPENTINE— SSe j»r gallon In cases and
E2o In drums or Iron barrels.
: SUGAR — The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, per pound. In 100-lb bags:
Cubes, Crushed and fine Crushed, 5.75c;
Powdered, 6.35c; Candy Granulated, 6.33c;
vDry Granulated, 6.25c; Confectioners' A.
1.25c: Fruit Granulated, 5.23c: Beet Granu
lated, , 6.15c; Magnolia A. 4.85c; Extra C.
4.75c; Golden C, 4.65c; barrels, 10c more: half
barrels, 25c more; boxes, 60c more; 60-lb bags
10c more. No orders taken for less than 73
barrels or its equivalent. Domtnos, half-bar
rels, 6c; boxes, 6.25c per lb.
OILS— California Cantor OH, in cases. No. 1,
75c; pure, $1 SO; Linseed Oil. in barrels, boiled.
94c; raw. $2c; cases. So more; Lard Oil. extra
winter strained, barrels, SOc; cases, S5c: China
Nut, 53C63c per ration: pure Neatsfoot Oil.
barrels, 63c: cases, 70c; Sperm, pure, 65c; WhiUe
Oil, natural white, 37H©42He per gallon; Fjh
Oil. In barrels, S3c; cases. 40c.
RICE— China. No. 2. $t 10; No. 1. $4 7004 30;
extra, $5 10575 50: Japanese, $4 ?5©5 30; Louisi
ana. Jtjts CO; Hawaiian, nominal.
COAL— Wellington. 19 per ton: 8outhfleld W«|.
lliifiton. $»; Seattle. V: Brjint. U SO; Coos Bay,
J5 60: Wallaenil. $9; Co-operative Wallsend. !iJ:
Cumberland. $13 &0 In bulk and J13 73 In sacks:
I'cnnsylvanla Anthracite Egg. M4: Can net. S10
per ton; Coke. $15 per ton In bulk and $17 in
sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions, $3 45 rer
SOW lbs nnd $S SO per ton. according to brand.
GRAIN BAGS— Calcuttas are lower again.
Calcutta' Grain Bags, 8c; local make. Ho 1<«
than Calcuttas: Wool I Bags. 32038c: Fleece
Twine, Tujtsc: Fruit Bags, S*iO6c for cotton
and SHSS»io for Jute.
General Merchandise.
San Francisco Meat Market.
Quotations for all descriptions remain as be
fore.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealer*
are as follows: .
BEEF— «©fiXo for Steers and 6®6o per lb for
cows.
VEAL— Large. T©Sc; small. 8©9o per Id.
MUTTON— Wethers. 768c; Ewes. 7©7tto per
pound.
LAMB— Spring. 8H©9e per pound.
PORK— Live Hoes. 200 lbs and under. <XO
6ije; over 200 lbs. 6c: feeders, : sows, 20 per
cent off. boars SO per cent off and stags 40 per
cent oft from the above quotations; dressed
Hoes, 7HCSHC.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 4-\o per lb; choice,
So: No. 3. 3^@4o; grease. 2H<S3e.
WOOL— Spring. 1900 or 1901— Humboldt a«d
Mendoclno, 14®15Hc; do, Lambs', lie per lb;
Northern, free, 12«l3c; defective. 9® lie; Middle
County, free, lOGIle; do, defective, 8 Sine:
Southern, 13 months . E®9e; I Southern, free. 1
months, 7®10e; do, defective, 7 months, ~Q$c:
Oregon Valley, fine, 14f?iac; do, medium and
coarse, 11613c; Oregon, Eastern, choice, 11913c;
do, fair to good, 9811c: Nevada, 1001140. Fall-
San Joaquln Lambs'. 7%t? 9c.
HOPS— 15©20o per lb.
All conditions remain as previously report! d.
.HIDES AND SKIXS— Culls and brand* will
about ltte under quotations. Heavy salttd
Steers. lOHOHc; medium. 9ffl0c; light, SH4}9o;
Cow Hides. SHG9HQ tor heavy and JttffSo tit
light; Stags, (He; Salted Kip. 9 We: Salted VeU.
8H«|10c; Salted Calf, lOc; Dry Hides, 16«16H::
Culls, Mo; Dry Kip, 16c; Dry Calf, 17©174c;
Culls and Brands, 14Q15c; Sheepskins, shear
lings, 15®S0c each: short Wool. 30*f50o each: me
dium. 60®75c: Ion* Wool, 7Sc©$l each; Horse
Hides, salt, $2 E0<&2 75 for large and $:<tf3 25 for
medium, $1 5001 75 for small and 50c for Colts;
Horse Hides, dry. $176 for large, 1150 for me
dium, SI 25 for small and. 60c tor Colts. De«r
sktns—Summer or red skins, 33c; fall or medium
•kins, 30c: winter or thin skins, 20c. Goatsklaa
—Prime Angoras, 75c; large and smooth, 60c;
medium, S5c. . . I
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 12c par 1b for heavy.
lZVio for llcht medium, Utto for light. l<Ho lor
extra light and 16o for sugar-cured; Eastern
sugar-cured Hams, 13«@14e; California Hares,
13c; Mess Beef, J13 per bbl; extra Mess, $12 80:
Family, $13 60; prime Mesa Fork.- $15: extra
dear. $13; Mess. |»; Smoked Beef, UHQMo
per 1b. • • • ¦- "¦¦¦-- • ¦. •
LARD— Tierces quoted at 7©7Ho; per la for
compound and lQUc for pare: half-barrels, . pure,
l«*e: 10-ib tins, mio; 6-lb tins. llHc
COTTOLENE— One half -barrel. »Hc; . three
half -barrels, «vie: one Uerce, V&a two tlercw,
8c; five tierces, 8?io per lb,* . _ • *V^
'##«, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
The movement of roods »s still hindered by
the strike,- though it better than at the be
ginning of the week. Prices show no change.
Provisions.
HONEY— Comb, 10@llo for bright and 9@9tfo
for light amber; water white extracted, S£5fte;
light amber extracted, 4@4%c; dark, J%c
a BEESWAX— 25@28c per lt>.
4-crown, B^c; seeded (Fresno prices), 5^c: Lo:a
don Layers. 2-crown, $l 50 per I box: 3-crown;
II 60 ; Fancy CIu s t er a, $2 ; De h e sa, 12" 50 : Impe
rials, ?3. All prices I. * o. b. at common ' ship*
ping points in California.
NCTS— Walnuts, No. 1 softshell. 12®12V4e: N».
2, 8©8V4c; No. 1 hardshell, 10@l0%c; No. 2.-6^9
7%c; Almonds, 13@lic for paper-shell, 10@llc for
softshell and B@6o for hardshell; Peanuts, 59
7a for Eastern; Brazil Nuts,<12@12%c; Filberts,
12@12Hc: Pecans. ll@13o; Cocoaauts, $3 50® 5.
THE SAN; FR^CISCO ;CALL, ; SUNDAY, '^DliT 28,V J»O1,
Chicago\Grain Market
THE COAST RECORD.
SPECIAL, DAILY HltLIT SKBVXC3E.
New York Gram and Produce.
NEW YORK. .Tu'y 2T.-X 0 < much comment Is
r«-^uii«5 upon the day's etock market. The
F»TTif: condition ..f apulhy . «nd Inertness that
have been gaining for a week prevailed. Trad
ing van of unim^otinnt dimensions and the
price mcvemrrrts were without Kifrnineanee. The
public was entirely unrrprcBented In the mar
*.k« and the meacer trading- represented only the
fwork of rrof^fwlonal operators of the emaller
' claw to induce eome movement of price* that
would oCer them a day'* profit, whether on the
% Nczv York Stock Market.
EASTERN MARKETS.
37H
31
ETATICeCS.
2
r. x
If
if
p
?3
-fi
P»lerm<» - — 101
Hanford .: J^
Santa Maria ....... 76
Ban Jot-e *-S
Vontui-a "4
tan Jose g5
M^liister 70
Palertru* 104
CJ
72
52
S3
:.o
cs
S
N
s"
c 2 2 o 2 *s
E P.? W^ s- jia C^
STATIONS. 3 §3 ¦of So :H
S if :3 P |- |p
Artorla SO.CS 62 M KE Pt CMy 0
Baker 23. ?2 76 46 W Clear 0
Carson 29.68 82 70 VV CJear 0
Eureka 21.84 58 48 ICW Clear 9
Fresno 29.HS 104 70 XW Clear 0
Flagstaff 23.82 84 £8 KW Cloudy 10
Pocatello. Id 29.64 90 60 W Clear 0
Independence 29. S2 9S 74 KE Pt C'.dy 0
Los Angeles 29.72 S2 €2 W Clear 0
Phoenix 23.54 102 78 S Clear 0
Portland 30.00 S4 B0 EW Clear 0
Bed Bluff 23.55 106 72 SB Clear 0
Roseburg 29.90 7S "I W Clear 0
Sacramento 23.64 DO 58 SW Clear 0
Salt LaJc« 23.64 92 «8 XW Clear 0
6an Francisco 2».7« 58 4S SW Cloudy 0
Ban Luis Obispo..2<.S0 76 52 W Clear 0
E«n Diego 23.74 68 64 Is'W Clear 0
Seattle 30.04 70 It W Clear 0
Ppokane 2».82 78 E2 SW ' PtCldy 0
ICeah Day 80.04 60 £2 W Clear 0
Ventura 74 59 0
Walla Walla 29.S2 S2 56 SW Qear 0
V»Mnnemucca 23.62 94 60 NW Clear 0
Tuma 29.S2 104 78 SW Clear 0
ETATICeCS.
2
r. x
If
if
p
?3
-fi
P»lerm<» - — 101
Hanford .: J^
Santa Maria ....... 76
Ban Jot-e *-S
Vontui-a "4
tan Jose g5
M^liister 70
Palertru* 104
CJ
72
52
S3
:.o
cs
S
N
s"
c 2 2 o 2 *s
E P.? W^ s- jia C^
STATIONS. 3 §3 ¦of So :H
S if :3 P |- |p
Artorla SO.CS 62 M KE Pt CMy 0
Baker 23. ?2 76 46 W Clear 0
Carson 29.68 82 70 VV CJear 0
Eureka 21.84 58 48 ICW Clear 9
Fresno 29.HS 104 70 XW Clear 0
Flagstaff 23.82 84 £8 KW Cloudy 10
Pocatello. Id 29.64 90 60 W Clear 0
Independence 29. S2 9S 74 KE Pt C'.dy 0
Los Angeles 29.72 S2 €2 W Clear 0
Phoenix 23.54 102 78 S Clear 0
Portland 30.00 S4 B0 EW Clear 0
Bed Bluff 23.55 106 72 SB Clear 0
Roseburg 29.90 7S "I W Clear 0
Sacramento 23.64 DO 58 SW Clear 0
Salt LaJc« 23.64 92 «8 XW Clear 0
6an Francisco 2».7« 58 4S SW Cloudy 0
Ban Luis Obispo..2<.S0 76 52 W Clear 0
E«n Diego 23.74 68 64 Is'W Clear 0
Seattle 30.04 70 It W Clear 0
Ppokane 2».82 78 E2 SW ' PtCldy 0
ICeah Day 80.04 60 £2 W Clear 0
Ventura 74 59 0
Walla Walla 29.S2 S2 56 SW Qear 0
V»Mnnemucca 23.62 94 60 NW Clear 0
Tuma 29.S2 104 78 SW Clear 0
AUCTION SALES
PACKING-HOUSE MACfllNERY
: Tha followlnic described ITachlaery. formerlx'
tb» property of '. ,
UNION STOCK YARDS COM? ANT. ; 1
of Rodeo, Cal.»
Will b« fold At subiio auctJoa «a ti« prem^
lses at Rodeo, . ' 1
TO-MORliOW,
MONDAT > ...:.. ..JOl* t», ttd
At 10 B. CL,
By tha Present Owners, A. Alp«* aa4 n*
Ohlandt, to wltt
Engines. Boilers. Tanks. Vats, B«Hi=*. Tul-
leys. Shafting, Scales, Elevators, Miles of Pip-
Ing, all sixes, and Fertilizing Plant. Packing-
house, Sausase-maitar and Can-maklajr Ma-
chlnery. etc, etc. All practically unused aad
aa good as new. •
Catalogu* with full description wQl M
mailed on appllcatloa to -
N. OHLANDT & CO., 127 Mirkst ttnat, |
Or A. ALPER. m First st.. San yrancUco.Prominent Bepublican Seriously HI.
Eiplosibn Injures . Eight Workmen.
CINCINNATI,- July 27.— By. an explosion
ofj firedamp at .the" new water works tun
nel east, of -this city a; noon to-day eight
men were seriously Injured. Eleven men
were working there. Of those' three saved
themselves . by diving Into 3 the water on
seeing the flash.-,: The other -eight were
badly injured and the damage; to the tun
nel was considerables The tunnel was 147
feet from the. surface at the point of the
explosion, but the men were soon rescued.
The Injured are>- John ¦ Gann, - Ellis Hen
derson. • Charles Crouse, all colored; Wil
liam' Hicks/ Edward. Finley, Thomas' M.'
Delaney, John O'Meara and John Clegg.
debris . of that portion • ; of - this : city
wrecked by an explosion July 25 discounts
the alarming earlier * reports^ asi to; the
damage and loss of life resulting from 'the'
explosion. Thirty v » buildings are % now
known to have been .-wrecked in. the. vicin
ity -of I the exploded magazine and many
civilians were killed or r injured.; : . Thirty
were injured - and - three officers were
killed. The magazine did not ¦ contain
petroleum. The t disaster, occurred in, the
center of the town, y
Arrests Stage Bobber Suspect.
; UK1AH, July 27.— Deputy ; Sheriff >W. < F.
Ornbaun to-day ' arrested "• near j Comptche
a man named Vcbs, .whom he alleges to be
the highwayman who held up a stage near
Albion on July . 23. ._ ' » ,
Explosion at Batoum Wrecked Thirty
' Buildings and Injured as Many
. Soldiers.- .
BATOUM, : July 27.— "A ; sea'rch of the
SEARCH OF THE DEBRIS
BEVEALS MANY. BODIES
Count Appears to Be J Slowly, Iraprov
. ing, but His Weakness Still*
• : . ; * Causes Alarm. . v , -
: ST." PETERSBURG, July 27.^-Count Leo
Tolstoi, who has '¦:. been ; dangerously ¦ ill,
continues to improve, but - his physicians
are' unable* clearly to diagnose his;trou
ble. ' ;¦¦--¦• -' •¦--¦•' ;;- -•:,*¦¦ t. ; ¦-¦¦¦: ¦¦ - .
v'vy/ou good-folks,"^ Count ;Tolstoi said, to
his doctors,- "Know ."all; that-medical-sci
ence 5 teaches, 'but, unfortunately, ithat
science itself knows nothingat all."" - .; V
' ; A few days" ago Count'To'stoi'said'to" a
friend : -""The ' carriage : is >* already - at the
door and ' I - must ¦ go." ' ' Then ¦ later,' af ter
he. haa slightly, Improved, he said: '"Oh, I
am allowed to, wait a while." ,..,..„'- ¦'.'
"The chief ?cavse for alarm .concerning
Count Tolstoi , lies,' in ¦ his ¦ extreme weak-,
ness, i His body is emaciated* and . his i skin
is • sallow.* His A eyes .-'.- alone ," retain * their,
brilliancy,; while his - mind ' Is '¦¦ perfectly
clear, r-;-,. v .- , ; . ;'¦;..: '''i'-^-'-:\'kT'
Ailment OF TOLSTOI * '
Vv ; PUZZLES MEDICAL MEN
Continued From Page Thirty.
CHICAGO, July 27.— Walter B. McBrlde
and Isaac Athey, president and secretary
respectively of a concern known as the
United Express and Freight Company,
are under arrest here, charged with using
the mails to defraud. The arrests ware
made by the postal authorities last. night
after an investigation of charges made by
Felipe Oritz of Mexico. .- : .
Charge of Fraud Is Made.
LONDON, July 27.— A dispatch to the
Dally Mall from Zermatt, Switzerland, de
scribing the accident to the Knglish party,"
who, with their guide, plunged -from a
precipice last Wednesday while ascending
the Matterhorn, says:
¦"The relief party from the Hotel Mont
Cervlng. from whose veranda it could be
eeen that something had gone wrong with
ihe party of tourists, heard a woman's
voice from the bottom of an ice gully cry-
Ing out, 'We are not all killed.' It was
Miss Trow, daughter of a London clergy
man, who,- with Miss Bell, daughter of
Edmund Bell, the publisher, and Dr.
Black of Brighton, and also Lennard Car
roll the guide, had fallen from the
heights above. She was not much hurt.
Xear her was Carroll, alive but uncon
scious. Five hundred feet further down
were the dead bodies of Dr. Black and
Miss BelL -;'._ ¦ •'/'" '„ ;¦'
Miss Trow and Carroll * first * fell over
an Ice ledge fifty feet high. They then
gild down a slope less steep, after which,
with terrific and ever-increasing rapidity,
thev Bhot down the ice ravine one thou
sand feet. The cord broke connecting the
other two, -who fell from another preci
pice." '¦ ' ' .
terhorn Shouts to the Res
cuers.
Woman in Party Lost Near the Mat-
CBIES FOB ASSISTANCE ;
FROM A DEEP CREVASSE
v LONDON, July 27.-nRumors of Impor
tant changes in the South African com
mand are increasing. Weeks ago the Out
look printed a curious paragraph- which
escaped observation. ; It said:
"Has. the. term of Lord Kitchener's occu
pation of the post of commander in chief
in Southern' Africa nearly run its course?"
And it . stated that in* London circles,
where- such - a •- fact -would : naturally be
Known, it v/as expected that he would ie
tu'rn to this country early "in September,
and that his successor -would probably be
Lieutenant General Neville G. Lyttleton.
That officer _Is -now in London, and is not
only in close communication with the "War
Office, .but -is .reported to be quietly select
ing, his staff and- making preparations for
his return to the front. His share in the
war in- South Atrica has thus. far been one
cf its most commendable features.
Confirming this, the Standard's corre
spondent at Cape Town forwarded by mail
a report' current there at the beginning of
the month to' the effect that Lord -Kitch
ener will relinquish the chief command in
South' Africa -at 'the end of August and
proceed to England, where he will remain
five .months before taking over- the su
preme. command in India. Sir -Blndo'n
Blood, according to this correspondent, is
expected to succeed him as commander in
chief in South Africa.
: Telegraphing from Pretoria under date
of July 26; Lord Kitchener . reporte ,to the
War Office as follows:- ¦•.(?""¦< i?
:. "A" detachment ; of Stelnacker's Horse,
occupying Bremersdprp*, was forced to
evacuate "' July 24 .by .a -superior
force of Boers., probably the commandos
from Amsterdam and Pietritrie. The de
tachment fought. its way to Lembobo, a
distance of sixteen miles, losing about ten
killed or wounded and a few missing."
South African Com
mander Will Soon
Go to India.
WARTIME ENDING
FOR KITCHENER
WASHINGTON, July 27.— Detailed fig
ures of • the foreign commerce of the
United States in the year ending June 30,
1901, shows a total import of $822,673,012,
total exports $1,487,755,557, exports of do
mestic products $1,460,453,809.: The imports
by great classes in the fiscal year 1901.
compared -with the preceding year, are as
follows;
Articles of food and animals in 1900 $218,
510.093, 1901 $222,227,898; articles, in crude
condition for use in domestic industry in
1900 $302.426,748,' in 1901 $269,763,404; articles
wholly or partially manufactured for use
in manufactures and mechanic arts in 1900
$58,433,549, In 1901 $79,080,718; articles manu
factured ready- for consumption in 1900
$128,900,597, in 1901 $130,662,903; articles .of
voluntary use, luxuries, etc., in 1900 5111,
670.094. in 1901 $120,938,095. ...
¦ The reduction in value of imports oc
curs chiefly in raw silk, hides and skins,
wool and indiarubber, and most of these
.the reduced value is partially due to re
duction of price rather than quantity.
Raw silk shows a reduction of $44,549,692
in 1900 to $29,353,777 in 1901, a decrease in
value of 34.1 per cent, while the number
of pounds shows a decrease from 11,259.
310 pounds in 1900 to 9.139,617 pounds in 1901;
a decrease of only 18.8 per cent; India
rubber, while the imports of 1901 are only
$28.455iS3. against $31,376,867 in 1900, the
quantity imported in 1901 is 5o,27o,529
pounds, against 49,377,138 pounds in 1900.
In wool the importations decreased from
155 928,455 pounds, valued at $20,260,936, in
1930 to 103,583,505 pounds, valued at $12,529,-
SSI in 1901. The exports of domestic mer
chandise by great classes were as follows:
,3 " 1900. "- 1901.
Products of agriculture. ..$S35,83S,123 $944,059,548
Products of manufacture.. 433,851.756 - 410,509,173
Products of- mining ".. 37.843.842 39.267,647
Products of the forest..:. 52,218,112 54,312.830
Products of the fisheries.. 6,236.620 -7,743,313
Miscellaneous-*. .:.'..-:.. ..... 4.665,218 4,561,278
Figures on Imports and
Exports Are Made
Public.
BIG COMMERCE
0F UNCLE SAM
\ To the State of Minnesota for the fifth
consecutive time was presented the ban
ner for the best .work in ' the literatura
course. A banner * for the best work of
any union was given to the Duffy-street
Church of Savannah, Ga. .
Banners were presented to delegations
which excelled in the senior sacred-liter
ature course, and ¦_ to « others for '•general
merit. : Registration - slips ." ;were V ' passed
about and showed that" approximately S000
people were present. «.The' address of the
forenoon was made by the ,Rev. ,W. - P.
McKee of Mount Carroll, 111., on -"What
Christ Adds to Life." The convention will
close to-morrow night. . ?
President McKinley sent a message of
congratulation to-day .to the convention,
in which he tendered' his best, wishes for
a successful gathering. • , ¦ .
CHICAGO, July 27.— Delegates to the
Baptist Young People's Convention at to
day's session proved themselves good
Bible students. By. way of divertlsement,
the chairman called for .verses : from | the
seventeenth chapter of the gospel of St.
John. This was continued for; an hour
and but one mistake made in the quota
tions. ¦.'-? -.•.-.-, •-- ' ¦ ' ';
Delegates to the Baptist
Convention Prove
Good Students.
YOUNG MASTERS
OF BIBLE LORE
:lt was on,' this . transaction .that - the
prosecution was begum ';. In. court to-day
his counsel , said ' that the check • had be en
given as alleged; but that it was in pay
ment of the note -which was; authorized
by the ¦ directors.' . It , was • given to I secure
stock subscriptions. *¦ He said Meyers had
lost between $50,000 and $75,000 of hlsbwu
money in ¦} trying to keep i the . company
afloat. Meyers was released on $5000 bail. •
'-¦ NEW YORK, July ,27.— Daniel F. Mey
ers, a member of the wholesale drug firm
of. Benton,- Meyers & Co. of Cleveland,
Ohio, arrived here to-day in the custody
of a detective who had arrested him on a
warrant charging him with larceny inUhe
first degree.- It i3 alleged that he stole a
check for. $27,562 from the Manhattan In
surance Company, of which he was for
merly president and. which Is now in the
hands of a receiver.' * ' .-.. "¦',< I
> On January 10 the Manhattan Fire In
surance Company made a statement to
the . State I Inspector of "Insurance to ' ths
effect that the " company had • an unim
paired capital -of ; $500,000 and a 1 surplus
above its liabilities. of $38,000. An exam
ination of.. the books disclosed the record
of a check for . 527,562. which apparently
had < been - given ¦ for . the private - l account
of Meyers in payment'of a"pcrsoral note
given at the time of, an issudnce; of 200
shares of 'stock. * < ; - .--".
Accusers of Wholesale
Druggist i Have Him "
.Arrested.
SAY HE STOLE
MANY THOUSANDS
In connection 'with . the "indemnify; pay
ments 'a ¦ question has ; arisen the
United ' States :• Government • will - take; it*
share of the bonds to be .issued- by ,China
in American gold t>r. , in pounds ; sterling.
The; disposition ;of \ this ; Government's to
take»the monevjin -.the fonn.that'willibs
the least burdensome ,to4he 'Chinese ; Gov
ernment and; in the interest of. uniformity
it : is ; probable, that . the \ payments will be
made in poundssterling/,;; : X:^J .\ •:,¦; '. ;._ •:,
The British' Minister is satisfied : with
this ' arrangement and . the .whole | question
of financial -measures is therefore settled.
The 450,000,000' taels constituting "the¦.'^in
demnity are. to >be, converted into gold at
the equivalent: of the tael value, on* the
first of last April, rln case the import-du
ties ; are subsequently increased ' the free
list .will have to be abolished, except for
cereals, but it is understood'that compepr
sation/wiir in- that* -case -r be ; . asked for,
probably; the financial .'participation B of
China in improving; the ivater- approaches
of Shanghai and Tientsin.- !¦-. All the princi
pal points of the.tiegotiations are now set
tled, and 'it is expected that the results
will be summarized ¦ in the final -protocol
within. two 'weeks andthat all the powers
will become signatories. '
j The Russian -Government -has signified
its -intention, of , not' further pressing the
question at present of the eventual 'in
ciease of the import customs duties be
yoncrS per cent' (the present figure).' ' If is
agieed.that in cass the revenues of CHina
are;not sufficient -for : the' payment of in
terest and principal, the powers are to ex
amine, the. revenues .and., determine -.what
changes are necessary in order to supply
the deficiency. The "imperial, maritime cus
toms, are. to be included In -this arrange
ment. " V. V ¦'¦•¦, •:¦•,- ; .-. ¦.,. , ': ..
'^"WASHINGTON. July 27.— Confirmation
of the- amplest kind of the encouraging
news that has corne'to the. press .from
Peking relative to the settlement of the
financial problems^ -that have engrossed
the attention of ; the Ministers" there' for
many months has just*come to hand from
Special .Commissioner., Kockhill. ".More
over, he adds to the general items already
reported the news that : the Ministers will
be ready to sign a protocol within two
weeks that will result in the speedy with
drawal, from China:. of all^foreign troops
except the. legation guards, and-those, who
will -occupy, the certain' strategic points
to be held under the -treaty to", safeguard
the ; road » between ' Peking arid the sea.
The advice is in substance as follows: '
Financial Problems Are
Now Settled; in the
Orient. ! !
ALLIES' CAMPS
TO BE BROKEN
CHICAGO, July 27.— The Chronicle says:
Warships, not only for the "United States,
but for foreign countries, may be built on
the great lakes in the near future. To ac
complish this the shipbuilders located on
the lakes, supported by manufacturers
and concerns that cater to the shipbuild
ing business, are combining in a move
ment to demand the abrogation of the
treaty with Great Britain which excludes
warships from the lakes.
Congressman Boutelle. who will look
after the campaign at the coming session
of Congress, said: " • . •; /
"The existence of '¦ the treaty i* mani
festly unfair to the people of the lake cit
ies. In 1898 Congress appropriated $126,000
to begin the construction of a vessel on
which the naval militia of the lakes might
be trained, but it was found that the
treaty stood in the way. The shipyards
situated on the shores of the great lakes,
which employ thousands of men, are not
allowed to bid on the work for foreign
navies because of this treaty. It is time
something was done to remedy the situa
tion. \ ' -'
Manufacturers on -the
Lakes "Want War
ship Contracts.'
BUILDERS WILL
ATTACK TREATY
Cup, a "welg:ht-f or-age race at two miles
and a quarter, -was run at Bilghton Beach
to-day. It was not the. feature of the
day's eport. as had been expected, how
ever, as Prince of Melbourne 'and Roch
ester were the only ' two' to face ' the
e tarter, and It amounted to a practical
walkover for Prince of Melbourne.
All the eliglbles for the cop were bro
ken down or temporarily retired, so . the
race was a disappointment. Previous to
to-day's racing both horses were sold at
auction, G. Walbaum paying $20,500. for
Prince of Melbourne and R.' R. Rice,
owner of Wax Taper, $2600 for Rochester.
Prince of Melbourne was naturally at a
prohibitive price In the betting, being
quoted at 1 to 20, while Rochester was 12
to L
Shaw took Prince of Melbourne to the
front at the start and led by six lengths,
grolng by the stand the first time, but
rounding the first turn his mount bolted,
and before Shaw could stop him McCue
had Rochester eight lengths in front
Those who had taken a "piker's" chance
on Rochester cheered as he showed the
way for the first mile. Shaw made up his
ground gradually, however, and, taking
command in the beginning of the last
mile, romped home, an easy winner, in
the slow time of 4:03 3-5. The stake was
.worth. 357SS to the winner.
The Lreopardstown Steeplechase was
won by Sir Hubert, bought at auction
just before the race by J. C. McCormack
for $1600. Summary: .-
F*lnrt race, mile and seventy yards, selllnr —
Disturber won, Irene Lindsey ¦econd, Taveta
third. Time, 1:4&
Second race, the Leopardstown Steeplechase,
ebout two miles— Sir Hubert won, Isen second,
Passepartout third. Time. 4:40. •
Third ra.ee. five and a half f urlonps — Montana
Pioneer won. Odw&ha second, Castiroa third.
Time, 1:08.
Fourth -race, the Brighton Cup, two and a
quarter miles — Prince of Melbourne. 124 (Shaw),
1 to 20. won; Rochester. 121 (McCue). 12 to 3,
eecond. Time, 4:C3 3-5. . . . (
Fifth race, elx furlongs— Smoke- won, Ogden
second, Eadducee third. Time, 1:121-6.
Sixth race, mile and a sixteenth— Animosity
won, WhiBtlin* Con second. Harry McCoun
third. Time. 1:49.
Seventh race, five furlonps — Gibson Light
won. Dewey second. Ivory Bells third. Time,
1:02
ET. LOUIS. July 27.— Delmar Park results:
First race, one mile, selling— Burnett's Walk
sway won, watercrest second. Pirate's Daugh
ter third. Time, 1:45. .^ i
Second race, mile and three-sixteenths, selling
—Tom Gilmore won, Zonne second. Zazel third.
Time, 2:04. • . ¦'¦*
Third race, on« mile, selling: — Revoke -won.
Fairy Day second. Ignis third. Time, '1:43%;
Fourth race, the Mound City Stakes, six and
a half furlongs, purse $1500— A. D. Gibson won,
Kindred second. Lasso third. Time. 1:21U.
" Fifth race, mile and a sixteenth, selling- — Ida
Bedford won. Belle Simpson second, Maxlmus
third. Time, 1:50.
Sixth race, six furlongs, selling— Nearest
won. Four Leaf C second. Sue Johnson third.
Time. l:16»t.
DETROIT. July 27. — ¦'Windsor results:
First race, six furlongs, selling— Avator won.
Dr. Moor* second. Dr. Clark third. Time,
1:20%.
Second race, five furlongs— Lacrimae won,
Fanny Blazes second, Drumond third. Time,
l:07U.
Third race, elx furlongs, selling: — Antagone
won, Meggs second. The Geeser third. Time,
1:23. • .
Fourth race. Eagles' Handicap, one and an
eighth miles— Rushflelds won. Ohnet second,
Xlspionage third. Time. 2:01,
Fifth race, five furlongs — Huntressa won,
Henry Zitt second. Kaloma third. Time. 1:04%.
Sixth race, 6ix furlongs, selling— Bermuda
Prince won, Velma Clark second. Lord Frazler
third. Time. 1:13%.
BUFFALO July 27. — Weather fine. Track
last at Fort Erie. Results:
First race, six furlongs, selling— Magnus
TroU won. Gatemfca" 6econd. Hurry third. Time,
l:14?i-
Second race, five furlongs, selling — St. Pera
•won Edwin Kenton second. Couslne third.
Time, 1:02.
Third race, one mile, handicap— Albula won,
'Alfred Vargrave second, Uledl third. Time,
1:40.
Fourth race. Hamilton Stakes, $1000, six fur
longs—Tremar won, Paraoh second, Goldlack
third. Time, 1:14. ;
¦-Fifth race, f^ven and a half furlongsr-Ode
Erooks won. Tamarin second, Jake Weber
third. Time, 1:34H- ", . . t
Sixth race, steeplechase, handicap, about two
knd a half miles— Fifleld won, Mrs. Bradshaw
second. Interference third. Time. 4:50.
CHICAGO. July 27.— The victory of Cam
brian in to-day's S5000 Monadnock handi
cap stakes a.t Hawthorne came as a sur
prise to the racing public Cambraln was
eligible to all of the big handicaps at
Washington Park, but he did not go after
any of those events. A big crowd saw the
race, Cambraln was .well played at 10
to L Knlsht took him right to the front
and Bet the pace most of the -way. Ad
vance Guard came in the stretch, but
Cambrian finished with remarkable game
ness, winning by half a length. A length
away from Advance Guard came Louis
ville, John Bright and The, Conqueror,
• all heads apart. Results:
First race, five furlongs-J. V. Kirby won.
Jack Rattlln second. Rossfame third. Time,
race, one mile-Obla won, Vesuvlan
second. Conundrum third. Time. 1:42^.
Third race, one mile and a sixteenth, selling-
Helen Paxton won. Rasselas second, Dagmar
third. Time, 1:51J4- ". j\! , r .
Fourth race, one mile and an eighth, Monad
nock handicap— Cambrian won. Advance Guard
second, Louisville third. Time, 1:54%.
Fifth race, six furlongs— The Pride won, Vlval
Dare second, Maggie Davis third. Time. 1:14^.
Sixth race, one mile and a sixteenth. Belling —
Odnor won. Latch Key second. Gawalne third.
Time. I:4»i4.
BUTTE, Mont., July 27.— Results: i / ¦
First race, pacing— Oregon Bull won, Irwin
C second. Hardcase third. Best time. 2:1814.
Second race, five furlongs — Abba L. won, A£-
Boor second. Don H third. Time. 1:01.
Third race, five and a half furlongs— Dandy
won, Tyrannus second, Yellowstone third.
Time, 1:CSH.
• Fourth race, six furlongs— Foul Play won.
Miss Rerosen second. Sweet Caporal third.
Time. 1:16.
Fifth race, five furlongs— Sir Dougall won,
Uidlove second. True Blue third. Time, 1:00%.
Sixth race, one mile— Sylvan Lass won. Spike
second Montallade third. Time, 1:42V4.
Seventh race, one mile and a sixteenth — Sil
ver Coin won. llomeasle second. Major King
third. Time. 1:51.
Prince of Melbourne Has
a Walkover at the
Beach.
Cambrian Captures the Mo
, nadnock Handicap at
Hawthorne.
NEW TORBi July 27^-lte . Brighton
BRIGHTON CUP
AN EASY PRIZE
THE SAN FRANCISCO C^LL, STOTDAY, TOLY 28, 1901.
The only route having through 1 sleeping
car service between San Francisco and St.
Louis daily. Stop-overs allowed at Salt
Lake City. For full ' inf ormatloa ; ask L.
M. Fletcher; 126 California street. : i , •
"The Missouri Pacific Limited."
BERLIN,-' July . 27.— Henry '¦ C. Payne ' of
Wisconsin, a leading member of the Re
publican National Committee of the
United States.; is : seriously •-ill with grout
at the Frankfort. Hotel in this city. .
It
32
- Mrs. M. Schmidt and family wish to ex-
press their sincerest thanks and apprecia-
tion for the kindness and ' comforting sym-
pathy tendered In their hour of bereavement
by /thsir many friends and acquaintances,
the ' members of Burns Lodrre ¦ No. 68, A. O
U. W., and Charles H. - J. Truman & Co. " _i
MRS. M. SCHMIDT, "*
MISS CLARA SCHMIDT.
V HUGO SCHMIDT.
CARD 'OF THANKS.
~ A CARD OP THANKS.
\"W> desire to thank our friends and ac-
quaintances for their kindness tendered
toward u» in our recent bereavement.
MRS. M. BURFEIND and Family.
ETFriends and members of the above
association - are invited to attend . th«
funeral to-day (Sunday), at 10 o'clock.
from the parlors of -the California, Undertak-
ing Company. 405 Powell street, near Post.
IntermenJ .Laurel Hill Cemetery.
Church of the Holy Redeemer, where a re-
quiem hiffh mass will be celebrated for th»
repose of her soul at 9:30 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
WARD-In this city, July 25. 1901. Edward C,
beloved husband of Grace "Ward, and father
of Henry L. and Charles "Ward, a native ot
Ohio, aged 36 years. A member of Longshore-
men's Protective Association.
DIEI>.
Hale's.
Hale's.
Hale's.
Hale's.
Hale's.
Goes into effect to-morrow. } There are 'many radical; price in^^ journey of the
and' washday N things. .So important- are the' inducements,, and so wantable and ; store; can't afford to •> miss the opportunity to lay in-a-supply. t .
Qur Best Kitchen En
And this too, right in the face of advancing prices. It's a coincidence. ?.', But our stocks must be gotten ; in shape. We I -is but Vpinch compared to the .handful of profit that'll come later,
are getting ready for the biggest fall business in kitchen supplies we ever had. So the loss, as heavy as it may seem, ' | .; ; . •¦ :• , ; ' ;. : . . -/.V
Lipped Saucepans, 15c. ; Teapots, ;38c. ... . ¦' Milk Cans, ?22c^ •••"¦¦¦ J Bars BabblttV Laundry Soap, 25c. 100 Clothes PlflS for 10c.
Q^o2e-s'^ : One8are24C - -wt^J^SS^S^fS*&?S3£: fS^^^^^MM "''¦' ™* '«- **™ *<><* -ap in duality and weight that uJally -ells sVra auarter. Good wooden cnc-old-fashloncd Icted
Tea Kettles. 59c-No. 7, to hold 5 qts- 4-pint size 35c;-3-pint size 28c. ; . Chaiaber Pails. 59c-The 10-qt size. • . v c * h «L'^^^ l ™ : .2 m^^--^:\^- n v^-™..,-, t,«t»' if. fm« for °^ ,. s t? v . es 85c-two-burner ones-fall
every one^is* *p^fect-made from good ) Coffee Pots. 35c-^-Plnt^ slze-6-plnt .Water Pails. 55c-The 10-qt. size. - .IMPOWTED-. CASTILE SOAP 2 .^YSTOLA 4c BAR-it » nne^for , half their usual worth.
ones are SSc-S-plnt ones are 44c . ;> ; . ; .MINI^ "^^W^'S ffif^™ *
eood^fcevi^ way-made from high grade -? ¦•¦ 1-i _-j^- e9 Ot\r> fhomhAnc QQr* * "^ BAR-or 60 bars for f2 73. - -2 packages durins this sale for 9c^ ounce- to 24 pounds,
steel enamelwara. , ,, COianaeFS, ZUC. WnamDePS, tJOC. i-Ic»1^»ca I fliinrifv Qnnn R^f Parlor Brooms 25c-ma<3e . from the
Mush Boilers, 40c— The r seamless Of rood st«el enamelware, marked down : Small size— medium size ones : are now ndlC B» l-auiiwi y . »^j^cij»/f %-->-¦-»«.»• best Eastern corn— the kind usually sold
kind— * and 5 pint siies— steel enamelware. special for this sale. ; : 42c. ¦...:.. .--,-- , . . FET.RlTT^ "PTHA SO AP-4 bars for r SWIFT'S PRIDE ; 46 BAB-«r 100 . a t 3Sc. This sale at 25c.
Straleht Sont» Pots. 28«— «-Qt. si«e. nit ¦ ' .r» li.- 9 r>— i-^.— .i. I— It's not our loss— but an outsider's. And^he wouldn't have taken If he are well and strongly made— fit any sUo
M&tPans? 16<?3feediiiio -for pud- /VirS KOttS Pateilt iTOrm OdC Set. • didn't want-to make a-Quick turn. 1 .What:an emphaiis it'll "lena to ow^- bed.
ding pans. XT1I^« T" 113 *: aivtIt , V " lia » VuV *£"? justment Sale. They the well-known "UNIVRHSAL WBIKQEBS." Gas Stoves 69c-large one-burner ones.
Jelly-Cake Pans. 10c. . Every housewife knows what they are. The set comprises 3 -irons with a stand . None are easier to operate; none have better material in them— there are none clothes Baskets 45c— choose from two
Dust Pans. 19c. and a patent handle. This is a remarkable offer., In the regular way you'd pay one- you could be safer In buying. • ¦ . . ¦ . sizes— made from good willow— carefully
Basnnsr SDOons, 19c. third more. - We want you. to know, this is an extraordinary occasion— adjustment The lO-inch Ones: Now $2.2O -'¦ • . '_, . " « '« and perfectly woven.
Waih^I^^T^-Th^medium and tlmo doesn#t come ver y often-95c set of 5 pieces. • ; ; ; _; ,;_ ¦ . The 12-inch Ones Now $3.15~ Guarantccd to *. 3 Ycars ' Wash Boards 14c T covered .with «ino-
small sizes. - , . Sleeve or. Flouncing Irons^ Now 38c. .. ' 'That guarantee means: if a roller gives out within three years you get anew one. strongly made.
Sale of Fruit Jars. Peep at the New Hats. Sheets and Pillow Cases.
If we were after something that Bounds cheap we'd sell the Old Kind. "We're after Borne- £, First rays of fashion's ris- ' — vets of . course , • have Hale's are always exploiting some bargains in sheets and pillow cases,
thins that is cheap, Mwe^eeU , - . - . . . - . ing orb. . These r sunrise " y>/^<v^\ preference,,, with hosts; '¦ Sheets 48C. ' PillOW Cases 14c.
The Good Kind LeSS Than POOP Kind Costs. \ scenes -are charmin*, ¦ fc'f^lol feathers, .; breasts,, • 'Are hemmed and ready for use; 63 They are hemmed; 42 Inches around.
Takes nerve and grit to do that But we are going to demonstrate to this town what real whether in . Nature s or v v,\)W : wings, nageois pom- Inches wide, 90 inches long. S6 inches deep. v
value-giving 1b. •- . - " Fashion's realm • ) 'i& P ons ' ostrich plumes 09c each, 72x90 inches ITc each. 50x36 Inches
?2?>58c esc 30c irlfrB • -.—- . m 7
•-¦ . our millinery leader to WmBS^MmM^ first. Close by are the ¦ cx^kVYtCkf £ lf\f\fl C PVAW/C
.the world's style cen- IJV^^S^B^ "Marie Stewart" and T LCdtflCr VJUUUi2> iljCVV^.
YardS PCrCale ro^Ir^S °?FW; rea T The Ieat K &° ods store ha3 man y attractive offers. "Needy folks will be
O UUU iCllUd I"^1VC11^ £V. h tSS K °Md SiSS^t ¦..?"«?«"& deHghtedwifh then, ;But remember as you skip over the list there's not an m-
A firm standard cloth, 27 inches wide, figures and stripes are printed on red t0 p be * f it 3L. "^"s re. y s. tenor or faulty piece mongst them. - .
and navy blue grounds. Our New York' people are sending us many fine things * A few fi^^^sSPl^^^^P^^f^ ols^rs* 'model' ¦ We rever advertise an article because it sounds cheap, is so low
lately. You have learned to expect better values from us than from any one r liundred ¦ JB^W^^'^i^^S^^^W Itc. ' pneed we can t stand behind it. ¦...•:¦ , . mwAT ,T^. -oare
else/ We keep a corps of men living on the ground.right where these bargains New Creations |^^^J#vS«fe!5 " -for^u'S S S h1S.n M Yr S e?Sd B Pi^on AT an^7 a iM 0 BJ^S«
popup. We get first choice of what We want. -.--•- - • '".'¦'¦.: will be shown **a&/// I I \*T at You wiU wlth leather handles, strap and buckle; an em- frames.
Flannelettes 8Kc - Bleached Napkins, $1.39. P0°**°^°$M?^^ "mSVo PUBBBS^AT 25c-«e »TW&t Q^
27 inches wideand heavy, fleecy quality. In Pure linen; fine soft quality; for family-use; the : first time. £*'?&^«£# ' ¦ j ¦ { Mk"f<^'<"\- i -•>' vnu've s e e n leather anff: leather linedfallcolora:-. tistic designs; eaught with a draw string at
stripes and checks, blues and pinks; new 20 inches square; 60 dozen for sale at Jl 39. FpUi ariH v<»1- " ViVi^ ?£««, seen ¦ M » t?^ rT n » ¦«¦ r-ATJTn?Tk unmrvm the top; wonderfully neat end highly service-
17 inches wide: fine huck weave; all white; mercerized cotton; It -washes" well and is very .. . : ., llCW- -L/rC33 - i CllJl IW9t • •
thtf quality that usually sells for 12V4c; we have fine; looks like linen twill; 66 inches wide, , . - - " '•; ' . . •
60 pieces we can sell at 10c . 50c; 72 inches wide, .73c. Come, take a peep at them. See what's going to be in vogue.*; ¦ f \ -r^rLd^ ¦ '¦¦'¦' 9 'tf ' -*r <?*k
-'¦• •'¦¦ This gowning of women is one of Hale's proudest .privileges. .We'll S ~&jk >* GHL'3if~&& <f^,
£¥^ Oneff a Union Suits $:x^Ts^ «, I.
(M^ V^ V^w* • A^- tA -*- €// - F the more elegant and exclusive materials. ' , " - > - .'- ! , ; . ttlCreaSCS 112-lTltcrCSt* , T^k
¦" y &'iiJ"- JQlZ~WQ122Gf2j& Cl2Xl€?jrC22+ ¦ - < Thoroughly posted and experienced salesmen are waiting to explain, -. j ,.—.-- ¦ - \- i, » *t,- 4^*%^
V-A >^" ~ ~^ — - — -*T** . , tlie new thines— -and show them to you ' -'. ¦ - There s nothing disappointing rbout the X. > £§2r
These are the kind that fit— the kind that particular Tliree most iriterestinR lines? Here they are: off ers. . Every one gets . so much more than .
*&$M®§ll!h\ folks ask for ~ thc kind th , at sel1 thems ,elves; the \ . Rae-lan Cloth »1 25-It is the accepted material for Raglan they pay for tint they become enthusiastic >^-A
WM^^S^SA kind we might get more for if we werent so ambl- coats: used also for tailored, costumes and separate -skirts; in tans, modes, ¦ over their bar$r>in— and tell their neighbors. /^f^ \
/SStffn t\ Mil tious. ' - . new greens and grays; a charming variety; 51 inches wide. - Neighbors tell friends. Friends tell friends. I'M \
MM III ' Bctt « 8 S I( K+ I H fall^rd^Wn^d^^^ -¦. > # (
mffmi LIB. ' NeW StOCkS Here. •->* New .Ffenck Henriettas. 75 c-A swell cloth; fine, soft and dressy; in Present and Future Wearing. ¦ ffif I
m WUSf "NeW PHceS, TOO. all the new shades; 45 inches wide; 7oc per yard. ._...¦¦ •¦ That's why they sell so fast. No left-overs U \
\i\V WSMff New weiRhts. . new textures, new offers clear C n|| 1 « rr | Cj 11^ c 1 1 7Pf ' -none faulty in any way. Read the descnp- / \
through. That'll do us a heap more good than to rOUiarU Dlll\5, Z>llll, 75C. .tions carefully-then come to the window and V^J
Nafflllf Wwk Put these prices on old garments. . We're after giving • : ; They are in a,; satin finish— have brocaded grounds— the designs are se *"j h , e ™' „ > ;_ $ ioa extra for alterations. <% j II
nllllll lEllIlm* you just as much as we can for.the money. exclusive, exquisite— colorinks are beautiful;- they're what you usually ; . • s £ h tvi!ts. nav^bSfe* and bia=k S -haif-fittin K jack- \j^1 7 I
Ulllml tin I M Women's Union Suits, 45c. . se e at $1.00, $1.25; in fact.that is what we had them marked a while ago. €t s lined.with silk serge, skirt is bound and lined. jyQ/ : / A
1 mm t' ,7Y° , ca ? es °, 1 ,. them-Jersey- ribbed^ cotton b utwe wer e intent upon giving extra good values this month— hence 75c . • ¦ $6 85^.^-:^ f?&H %J \ »
V Mm /suit in fall weight-buttoned across the chest with . uut wc wctc ""¦ c j"- u -" ft. is. & . . ... All-wool •- homespun, •- light and Oxford - gray; /W^W AmSLJ
1 I ml///// a pearl buttons, covered seams— ecru or natural gTay— , _ - " V ' \.T -J ' double-breasted Eton Jackets lined with silk eerse, -^^SV lultX
' \ Iff ¦ Blzes4 - 5Md Sn c dren"vsuit8 - sbe - ; Muslin (a Lucky Of fer),^ 9c Yard. /- 1O oo * o w K - 7 \
'I W fffl " , .?x .V '.?.*„ 1 \.l ¦ "'¦' - -.". . ¦. " • ,,r . . . All-wool coverts in snappy tans and blues.; double- I 1 _
\l mmlrn''- ¦ Jersey ribbed cotton Onelta suit; In fall weight- Here's a snap we picked 'up lately, and we pass it on to you. We had breasted -hau-fltting jackets lined with satin serge, I V
\1 Wi S^dic^l^e^a^^^^ SeVen - 8Ored Now ' / A--^
II i/'f two cases of them to sell at- 50e a suit. ¦ - that we knew you d want it.. Bleached— a. iuli yard wide. _ All-wool cheviets^in' blacks and browns -with single- / "«* \ ' •
: ¥J Wff Women's Suits.. $1.OO. - - : . " ¦ _ • . . •. ' . breasted '-Eton jackets. Bishop sleeves, L.'AisJon col- . I S//\ :'-J \
\\ W Jersey ribbed, wool mixed, Oneita suit, in heavy . T figST £fff7 "... ' •>' ¦•'¦ lars, Bllk-stltched reveres, taffeta lined. The skirt has / j^j \
Ajj] '» weight for fall, are nicely finished with silk shell across f£\. fMt f Jffl/ /M/ - seven gores, brimmed J'^.J™ 11 ,^,. lij} 3 J \
VrMC'm" the front and around neck— pearl buttons, covered V«£KSS^SS/- /m/ whole affair is finished with gold braJd. ___ / \
llill'lt'o seams — -white or natural gray— sizes 3, 4, 5, 6. / '-tfS?&i$rL* /mf4 /tRST^Z — -is==&3tfo '•' ® * "* ' "* . d" * bl "breasted Eton y \
' V ! ]|/f Gray merlno-Oneita suit-f or' little folks from 3 to v • /$&/ JS*( — ' — ip-~»~^ ! nK ke fl a V e yl Iklrt lm^ r '¦' • ''' ' \
IOT 15 years of age— a full case of these union suits to sell /2*y "^'gwmjnm*. *~*%*\r±^ fet^- . ; . \ \
Y\ \ at $1-00 each. > ¦ . jAffSt . **&&£> GOO**^i^^ - ¦¦' sfel^.TS rv O w. \^ \
/ A>*^v Women's Half* Wool Suits' SI 25 : ¦ ' —m^m^•"¦^^ : - : •-. t . . " • Cheviots j.»nd .homespuns— blacks. n^ vI ? a^5 ' <^^^^ mmmm^S
\s' $i.25 Gr a a suiL white merIno - Onelt^ sult -^ case of them, Market Si;?' Near SixtK, Opp.^rblden Gate Aye. ¦• ffl w y«A.-.
Sale's.