"This is , the nrst check Inflicted upon
Russian diplomacy in China since Lord
Salisbury was cajoled into the withdrawal
of the British troops from Port Arthur In
1S98, and it cannot fair profoundly to mod
ify the situation by convincing the Chi
nese that there still exist International
combinations capable of maintaining the
equilibrium of the 'Far East."
Conger Starts Homeward.
SHANGHAI. March 17.— Mr. Conger, the
American Minister, sailed to-day for
Hongkong, ¦ whence he will sail for San
Francisco. He called to-day on Sheng,
Director of Posts and Railways, and dis
cussed with him Shensr's protest against
tho sale by an American syndicate of the
VAST THRONG
SEES FINAL
CEREMONIES
Dead Ex-President Is
Borne to Last-
Long Rest.
Burial ol Benjamin Harrison
Wiffi Honor Befitting
His Memory.
. • a/x-
INDIANAPOLIS. Ind.. March 17.— Tn
the center of a hollow square composed of
fully 15,000 of his fellow citizens the re
mains of Benjamin Harrison were this
afternoon Interred In the family lot in
Crown Hill Cemetery- Close by the grave
were the members of his family. Presi
dent McKlnley and other visitors o#-*vdis
tlnctlon and the more Intimate frle^ o£
treneral Harrison. Back a distance oi
fifty yards, behind ropes guarded zealous
ly by a large force of police, stood with
uncovered heads the great multitude who
knew him not so well as did they wt?o
stood beside the freshly-upturned earth,
but who honored him and admired him
fully as much. It Is doubtful If any pub
lic man. at least In this generation, was
borne to his last resting place among so
many manifestations of respect. The'e
was no exception anywhere to the ex
pression that the nation had lost one of
of its ablest men and the greatest man
of his generation In his own State.
By the grave stood the chief magistrate
of the nation, and behind the ropes were
all the street arabs of General Harri
son's city— every grade of human life In
America, between the two. was repre
sented In the crowd, and In them all there
was but the one feeling — that a man had
died who was. honest at all times with
himself and with others, and whose ability
and character were such as the nation
could ill afford to lose.
The weather, like that of yesterday,
was unsurpassable, with bright sunlight,
the warm breath of spring In every
breeze, and yet in the air a touch of win-
ter that brought the blood to the cheek
and. a sparkle to the eye.
The services a^ the church and grave
wer». simple In the extreme, all .In most
excellent taste, and. like the proceedln-r*
yesterday, * there was an utter absence of
friction In everything 1 that was done. All
was well ordered and well performed.
Arrival of President.
At the Harrison home • before the re
mains were taken to the First Presby
terian Church, where the full funeral ser
vice was held, there were brief exercises
for the members of the family and more
Intimate friends of General Harrison. Po*-
sibly 130 people were present. Mrs. Harri
son did not appear, but remained In her
room until it was time to leave for the
.church.
President McKlnley, accompanied P.r
Governor Durbln, called at the houso
about 1 o'clock. At about the same tlmo
came the members of President Harri
son's Cabinet, and others continually ar
rived until the short services were over.
Dr. Haines read a short passage from th-->
Scriptures and made a few remarks
touching the life and character of Gen
eral Harrison, as did Dr. Nichols of St.
Louis, and after a brief prayer by Dr.
Haines the services were over.
The Funeral Procession.
The funeral procession was to have left
the house at 1:30 o'clock, but it was fully
thirty minutes later than that when ev
erything was In readiness. The doors
were thrown wide o5*n, and the honor
ary pallbearers, who were General Ben
jamin F. Tracey of New York. John Wan
amaker of Philadelphia. W. H. H. Miller
of Indianapolis. John W. Noble of' St.
Louis arid Charles Foster of Fostoria.
Ohio; General Lew Wallace of Indianap
olis. Judson Harmon of Cincinnati anl
William A. Woods of Indianapolis, came
slowly down the walk leading to the
street. After them came the active pall
bearers, bearing the casket. They were:
A. L. Mason, James Whitcomb Rlley.
Evans Wooten, Harry J. Mllligan. Clif
ford Arrick, William C. Bobbs. H. S.
New. Howard Cale. John T. Griffith-.
Newton Booth Tarklngton. Hilton U.
Brown and Samuel Reid.
While the casket was being placed In
the hearse the honorary pallbearers stood
to one side- with bared heads. As soon An
the hearse had moved 'from the front of
the house the carriages came up rapidly,
and the family and visitors entered them.
Behind the casket came Mrs. Harrison,
with her brother, Lieutenant Commander
Parker of the navy, and llttie Elizabetn
Harrison. Then came Secretary TIbb«tt
and Mrs. Tibbett, then Mr. and Mrs. Mc-
Kee, Russell Harrison and Mrs. Russell
Harrison, then the other relatives or the
dead ex-President. Directly after ,«M
members of the family came President
McKlnley and Governor Durbln. and. fo%
lowing them, the friends of the farai'y.
Twelve mounted policemen led the way
and cleared the streets.
Thousands Are Gathered.*
There were several thousand people
around the Harrison residence as the
funeral procession moved away, but the
crowd there was Insignificant to that
which was gathered around the church.
Two hours before the time set for the
commencement of the services the people
had begun to gather at this point, and by
the time the funeral procession arrived
there was a *olid mass of humanity
stretching a block away on every side of
the walk.
While the carriages were discharging
their inmates at the door of the church
IMPRISON
UNITED STATES CONSUL
Ignacio H. Baiz Is Thrown Into Jail
at Barcelona for the Second
• Time.
PORT OF SPAIN, Trinidad, March 17,
via Haytien cable.— News has reached
here that the United States Consular
Agent at - Barcelona, Venezuela, Ignacio
H. Balz, has been arrested.by Venezuelan
officers and Imprisoned without adequate
cause. This ; Is the second time he has
been treated in this fashion within the
last five months, and he will resign unless
protected by the Washington- Govern
ment. It appears that "several sums of
money have been forced from him by
Venezuelan officials under threat of Im
prisonment.
The protests of Mr.: Balz to Washing
ton seem to - have ' met no response thus
far. Threo months ago Mr. Loo mis, the
United States Minister at Caracas, made
a ; demand' upon Jhe Venezuelan Govern
ment for an apology for the first outrage!
but his communication was quite ignored.
SALE OF THE. NORTHERN
PACTFIC - LAND TBACT3
Forty^ Million Dollars' Proceeds WiJl
Be .Us3d to t Retire Preferred
Stock.
NEW YORK, .March 17.— The World
has the following from St. Paul : ;
' ¦; President Charles . - S. ; Mellen" of the
Northern Pacific Railway left St. Paul
last night for ; Now. York on a mission to
which ls;sald- to Involve the saleVof all
the land now owned by.the Northern Pa
cific • west .* of ' the ' Missouri River. . The
purchase 'price is: said to -have been 540,
000,000. and it'ls understood' that -this sum
will be used to " t retire " preferred stock.
; . The purchasers of this land are j said to
be .Eastern . capitalists - who :. have per
fected ¦ a ', syndicate ! and ¦will - undertake ' to
entourage ¦ its i' settlement and cultivation
byVEastern; farmers such as are : iiow
heading in' the' home seekers*
movement 1 each' week.
Hankow-Canton. Railway. Sheng consid
ers the contract •.trill ba void if the con
trolling interest in the company has been
sold to Belgians.
BRITISH I COMMANDER IN
jj CHINA AND THE POWER BE
HIND EDWARD'S ¦' THRONE.
Lottery Project.
PARIS, March 17.— Henri Rochefort,
editor of the Instranslgcant; who has an
nounced that he will organize a lottery
for the relief of Beer ¦women and chil
dren, aims to raise 230,000,000 francs, of
which amount 7,000.000 francs will be
given as prizes. 8.000,000 francs as" rebates
to Fubscrfbers and the remainder to the
Boers. He will seek authorization to pro
mote a lottery from the parliaments of
France. Austria, Prussia. Bavaria. Spain.
Sweden. Italy and tile United States. .
Rochefort is now at The Hague, confer
ring with the Boer representatives there.
He publishes <laily articles In his pap"er
¦urging recruiUr.c In behalf of the Boers.
RELIEF FOR BOER FAMILIES.
Rocliefort Diligently Promoting His
severance of church from state. The ex
treme low section of the church will prob
ably leave us. It may come at any time
•trtthln twenty years. We have a strong
tig\tlng body. A radical Government
«-ould probably disestablish us, whether
we wished it or not But what we really
xr&nt is disestablishment under a con
servative Government. I don't know what
the King: would have to profess after dis
establishment. I suppose he would have
to call himself a Protestant."
NEW YORK. March 17.— The disestab
lishment of the Church of England from
its time-hor.ored allianre to the Ftate Is
the outlook for the Protestant Episcopal
faith abroad, declares his grace the
Duke of Newcastle, who arrived In this
city from the South on Frfiday. Disturb
ances at divine services, he believes, have
raused general alarm at the power of
ritualism in England, and a severance
from the low church section Is expected.
When the Duke of Newcastle arrived In
this country on December 17 it was sug
gested that his grace might have come
on a mission from the ritualists of Eng
land, among whom he long has held a con
spicuous place.. He la Interested In a
closer union between the ritualists in the
Church of England and the High Church
•action of the Prftestant Episcopal
Church of the United States. He said
to-<Iay:
"The Bishops of the English church
have taken fright at ritualism. We are
ftot aggressive, but only want to be left to
ourselves. Ritualism signifies doctrine.
I think It will lead eventually to disestab
lishment In England. There will be a
in the Time-Honored Alliance
in England.
Duke cf Newcastle Predicts a Break
LOOKS FOR SEVERANCE
OF CHURCH AND STATE
GERMAN MANUFACTURERS
ARE IN SORE STRAITS
Must Discharge Many Laborers Ow
ing to the Increased Cost of
Production.
BERLIN, March 17.— The Lokal An
zelger asserts that it has special informa
tion that several large companies In West
Germany will soon discharge many labor
ers, being compelled to take this course
by the Increased cost of production due
to the high price of coal. According to
the same authority, tne Stumm works
have added from 3,000,000 to 4.000.000 marks
worth of iron to their stock in order to
avoid discharging operatives.
The Stahl Unter Ersen. the leading Iron
organ, says: "The United States steel
corporation can undoubtedly contribute
to intensify in a dangerous manner the
alarm of the continent over the American
iron market."
The North German Lloyd line has re
duced the freight charge on wire nails to
China, Japan and the Straits Settlement
2% marks per ton, but the Cologne Volks
Zeltung regards the reduction as signifi
cant, considering the enormous difference
in price between the German and Amer
ican product.
The various cement syndicates have
made an agreement discontinuing compe
tition, and negotiations will continue for
establshlng a common selling agency for
all the syndcates.
AMERICANS TO START
BUSINESS IN GERMANY
Methods Employed in This Country
to Be Introduced in the Land
of the Kaiser.
NEW YORK, March I7.f-Amerlcan busi
ness methods are to be Introduced In fif
teen large cities of Germany and Aus
tria by Julius Barthman, a Newark busi
ness man who has accumulated a large
fortune. His two sons are associated with
him In his European venture. A capital
of $600,000 is to be Involved in the scheme.
The sum of $20,000 will be spent In fixing
up each of the fifteen re tali establish
ments, arid a like sum will be spent in
stocking each store. American-made
shoes only will be sold.
The Barthmans propose to place Amer
icans In charge of the stores. In each
will be installed a -nan and a woman se
lected from the most experienced sales
people of New York and Newark. Amer
ican ideas will prevail in the conduct of
all tho stores.
GIRL'S NEGRO ASSAILANT
HANGED v BY ANGRY HOB
i " NASHVILLE. Tenn.. March 17.— At Tlp
tbnvllle, in Lake County, last night a mob
hanged Ike Fitzgerald, a negro, to a tree
near the Courthouse. He was charged
with an assault on a white girl, Miss Mlna
Davenport, 19 years of age. -and a trial
jury had just reported that they could not
agree and had been discharged.
TARIFF AND ALERTNESS.
London Journalists Find in These the
Cause of America's Success.
LONDON. March 1?.— The^ Dally Mall,
which makes . bid .for tariff protection,'
declares editorially this morning that "tho
real causes of America's wonderful cora
'merclal success may be summed ud In the
words /tariff and 'great alertness.' "
RUSSIA THROWS OFF. MASK.
named,, and If this is 'not effectual -more
aggressive "fueS*ufes .wlHjb'e • takeri.'^ "7 „
.Warlike .talk Is deplored' iii % official cir
cles, where it Is fully understood that
war would precipitate the
ment of China, which' the 'President and
Secretary Hay are endeavoring to pre
vent. t Europe 1 , thoroughly .understands
that, aside from the exercise of its moral
Influence, the "American Government will
not interfere, provided its commercial and
other rights: In China are not Jeopardized
by any action that may be taken.
In the opinion of officials^;, neither
Russia nor Japan* is financially in a posi
tion to go' to war; { England Is' still en
gaged in, South. Africa, and Germany is
the only"nation that' is ready " to" assume
the aggressive. • ¦ It * is ¦ appreciated here
that' Russia has certain rights "growirfg
out of 'the necessity * of protecting her
frontier and, her railroad," and the'admin
istration j desires, that, they shall, be ac
corded-recognition.; Great Britain, Ger
many, and Japan. are suspicious of : the St.
Petersburg ¦ Government, ¦ notwithstanding
its protestations,; and that Government,,
rather than engage in War, will, it is be
lieved, not press the convention upon the
Chinese Government: v
It. is a singular fact that, though re
ports are published showing: the serious
condition of affairs at Tientsin, no official
Information on, the subject, has reached
Washington. It was said* to-day that- the
only danger in the situation at that point
lies In ttfe antipathy of . the British and
Russian troops for each other. The Lon
don and St.. Petersburg governments, will
not. It is believed, permit an- incident;, to
occur at Tientsin which may Involve the
'two. countries in war. when larger, ques
tions require their, earnest' attention. ¦
Dr. Morrison Comments on the Pur-
LONDON; March 17.— Dr.Morrlson, wir
ing to the Times from' Peking, says:
poses of the, Czar.
{ "Russia, by her 'refusal to support the
powers in their demands for the punish
ment of the guilty officials, has finally
thrown off the mask. A plea for leniency
is hardly ' serious coming from a power
whose troops last summer were . guilty of
reprisals upon .the. Chinese scarcely- less
ferocious ¦ than * the : acts of the Boxers
themselves. • ¦ , ? '
"Russia's action Is only explicable as the
f ulflllment . of : a private compact with LI
Hung Chang^ to , throw the concert over
board In return for concessions securing
her separate interests." • . •
,Dr. Morrison . ; proceeds '< to .protest 'ener
getically against any further j sacrifices of
their. Interests W the part, of the powers
to obtain an outward union of action. 'He
believes that even'FranceJcan hardly fol
low her ally In "this ' Instance. Comment
ing upon the Marichurlan convention as
giving .; Russia" a' privileged, position at
Kashgof'andVrarkand, he says: •
- "Russian railway ; enterprises in China
means ; military , occupation, and ¦ Russia
once Installed ;*n. Chinese _Turkestan ,'will
turn the whole" position which Great Brit
alirhas' tolled ,tq /render ; impregnable "on
the northwest frontier. of India.": • ;
* In .-the"; course; of 'a '-later 'telegram ..Dr.
Morrison says:, .- v . ¦••"-• .¦>
"Chineseofflclals say they have been in-"
formed from .St.1 Petersburg], that" Russia
abandons -. her .; claims Vto '; exclusive '. rights
in Mongolia: and , Turkestan and " consents
to^ modify ' the stringency; of . her control of
the civil 1 ; administration ' of . "¦ Manchuria"
"agreeing that the convention'shall be pub-
f?-rj-^ IENTSIN, March ' 17.— There is no
-.-. 11 <?hans« In the pltuation developed
II ' by" the tangled railway dispute
_¦ here. The Russian and British
forces are still represented by
small detachments, with officers en
camped on opposite sides of the railway
siding. The utmost friendliness Is ex
hibited toward each otner by the oppos
ing parties, but as a measure of precau
tion the guards have been reduced to
twenty-seven on each clde. in order to
prevent any. possible, collision during the
negotiations. A Russian general arrived
from Peking last .evening.
Owing to the persistent . rowdyism of
French soldiers In the British concessions,
the British authorities have been reluc
tantly compelled- to forbid the -French to
enter the concession unless on duty. Major
Hockler of the Britl3h forces was assault
ed this afternon in the French concession.
HINTS AT IMPENDING' WAR.
The Russians continue to purchase land
In their new concession. A German re
connoiterlng party returned to . Tientsin
to-day with thirty captured . robbers. ',
Count von Waldersee Is expected to ar
rive here on Tuesday from Klaochou.
London Standard Calls Russia's At-
tention to Britain's Navy.
LONDON, March 18.— The Tientsin cor
respondent of the Standard says: "The
railway dispute here is another of the at
tempts of the Russian admiral, Alexloff,
to create trouble, and unless he is re
lieved there will be constant friction,
which will eventually lead to hostilities.
He loses no opportunity to [thwart the
English." * V.
Commenting editorially upon Its Tien
tsin advices, the Standard reminds Rus
sia that "the British ileet Is as potent as
ever, and Japan is burning to second the
efforts of any one ready to oppose the an
nexation of Manchuria," adding:
"It Is a painful task to be compelled
even to hint at contingencies so vast and
disturbing, but the perils of the moment
are more likely to be overcome if It is
thoroughly realized that we do not shrink
from such action as would be best calcu
lated to maintain our rlgnts."
The other morning papers recognize the
gravity of the situation at Tientsin and
counsel • the Government to be firm, but
they express themselves less aggressively.
"A grievous blow has been Inflicted upon
our reputation In the far East,", say the
Dally Mail. "Our weakness and unpre
paredness for. war are well known to our,
enemies, and there Is reason to expect
further surprises In diplomatic life. , Be
fore, however, we car. put our'foot down
the empire must be placed in fighting or
der." •
"There is no fear cf Liord Salisbury go-
Ing to war with Russia for. a good or a
bad cause," saystho Daily News. "Rus
sia Is a fit object for graceful concessions,
and not a small republic to be bullied and
provoked."
• 4 J ...
MANCHURIA A DANGER POINT.
Great Britain, ¦ Japan and Germany
Give Warning to Russia.
WASHINGTON, March ; 17.-Manchuria.
and not Tientsin, according to anti-Rus
sian ' diplomats here, is . the danger^, point
in the Chinese situation. These gentle
men are authority for -the 'statement -that
Great ' Britain, Japan . and Germany have
given Russia' to understand' that they, will
regard with disfavor the signing of the
Manchurian convention. It Is further, stat-.
ed'thiat if the convention be signed ylgor
our. protest will . be . made- by the powers
LIPTON'S CHALLENGER
OF BRONZE AND STEEL
One of the Herreshoffs Describes
What He Saw in the Make-TJp
of the Boat.
Special Cable to The Call and New Tork Her
ald. Copyright. 1901. by the Herald Pub
lishing Company.
LONDON, March IS. — One of the Her
reshoff family, who Is now in Glasgow,
on Saturday allowed himself to be inter
viewed for the Dally Mail. After giving
some particulars of the new America's
cup defender, he expressed an 'opinion
regarding Shamrock II, which he had
seen at Messrs. Denny's- yard, at Dum
barton.
He said the present challenger, like the
Columbia in 1S39. will have a bronze bot
tom and steel top sides, and will be very
much like that boat In appearance. The
fact that she was designed by Mr. Wat
son goes to prove that she will be a good
representative of the type of boat which
Great Britain can produce.
"The taking of the British boat across
th« ocean has been thought by some to
favor America, but at the present time,",
says' Mr. Herreshoff's Interviewer, "the
best authorities consider this not to be
the case. When a boat under a Jury riff
Is eased In a sea she has not one-half
the strain on her that she would be sub
ject to when under racing Balls and
forced through all kinds of sea."
CAPTURES A PIBATE JTJNK.
Italian Cruiser Inflicts Punishment
Upon Chinese Buccaneers. '/
TACOMA, March 17.— Mall Oriental ad
vices give details of a sharp fight last
month between an Italian cruiser and a
largeJunk loaded with forty pirates
which was caught overhauling a small
trading Junk, a portion of whose crew
and passengers had been killed and
wounded before the cruiser reached the
scene. The fight occurred on the coast
of Talchou, near Chekiang. The cruiser
opened fire with machine Runs as soon as
Bhe got within range of the pirates' Junk,
and bore down so swiftly that only eleven
out of the forty wero left alive when
the cruiser towed the Junk Into Nlngpo,
where the live pirates were delivered- to
the Governor for punishment.
The Governor of ICingpo gave the of
ficers and crew of the cruiser a handsome
present of cattle and ¦ fresh vegetables.
Six of the pirates were executed the next
day. and the others wero to be beheaded
later. ffi9
PACIFIC MAIL'S NEW
MONSTZB, NOW READY
The Korea, Largest American Built
Vessel, Will Be Launched Be
fore Many Days.
NEWPORT NEWS, March 17.— The new
steamship Korea, the largest vessel ever
built on this hemisphere, will be launched
next Sunday mornlns at the yard of the
Newport New* SMpbondtng-feTia TJrydo;* 1
Company, and it is expected that 30,000
people will be gathered around the ways
to see the monster hull take its Initial
plunge into the waters of the James
River. The Korea and her sister ship,
the Siberia, are building for the Pacific
Mail Steamship Company and will ply be
tween San Francisco and Hongkong, with
Honolulu, Yokohama and Nagasaki as
ports of call.
The vessels are exactly alike, and the
contract price for the two is $4,000,000.
making them the costliest as well as the
largest merchant vessels ever built on
this hemisphere. Uncle Same Is building
costlier warships, but not even the large
defenders contracted for by the Govern
ment will approach the dimensions of the
Pacific Mail liners. TheyCorea and the
Siberia will each hf.ve a displacement
2600 tons greater than the batleshlps of
the Virginia class. With a speed of some
thing like twenty knots, the Korea will be
the fastest ship on the Pacific Ocean.
Speclal Cable to The Call and Xew York Her
ald. Copyright. 1301, by the Herald Pub
lishing Company.
LONDON', March 17.— I met to-day an
Austrian gentleman who knows very inti
mately the doings and sayings of the Aus
trian court. I asked him what he thought
of the recent article in the Matin enti
tled "A Crumbling Monarchy." His re-
ply was:
"I have not seen the article, but one
thing: I am very sure of, that Is, that
after the death of the present Emperor
n?>thlng can hold the Austrian empire to
gether. The German provinces will with
out any kind of doubt insist, as they have
already expressed their desire, in going
over to Germany. The Czechs will be for
Independence, but, under Russian protec
tion. The Hungarians will seek Independ
ence and ask for more seacoast In addi
tion to the port of Fiume. The Italian
provinces will go over to Italy.
"It might be otherwise if the heirs to
the throne were more worthy, but they
are, unfortunately, quite unfitted to rule.
The present Emperor, so long as ne lasts
—and I hope It will he Ions— is all right,
and nothing will happen, but after he goes
I quite agree with what you tell me was
the context of the Matin's article."
Believes Disintegration of
the Empire Is Not Far
Distant
MemDeroi tne Vienna
Court Makes Dire
Prediction.
PROPHESIES
EARLY DOOM
OF AUSTRIA
Spect&l Dispatch to The Call.
JACKSONVILLE. Fla . March 17.-News
reaches here from cood authority that rt
rebellion against the United States is be
ing planned in Cuba. This information
comes from a member cf Mavor Bowden's
family, who is a resident of Cuba, and he
as setts of his own knowledge that the ex
treme element 5s rrreatiy in the majority
«Lnd they are to-day secretly preparing: for
war and are making heavy purchases of
arms and ammunition.
The statement creates considerable ex
citement among the larsre Cuba colony
here.
MAY APPEAL TO THE COURTS.
Cubans Affirm the Platt Amendment
Is Unconstitutional.
Eperfal C»hl<> to The Call and New Tork Her
ald. CoBjrrfcbti 1PC2, by the HeraM Pub
lishing Company.
HAVANA. March IT.— The week opens
with a stmnr ci?r»osition on the part of
a larpe majority cf «.h* members of the
constitutional convention immediately to
vote for the rejection of the Platt amend
ment. A question r.as arisen, however,
with regard to the terms of the amend
ment. The delegates are not certain
whether it is final and m the nature of an
ultimatum or is open to modification by
the President. Conflicting statements
have been made by'th; Military Governor
regarding its finaMty. Some members of
the convention are i:?pcsed to submit
proposals substantially modifying the
terms of the amendment if it is rot abso
lute and final.
The genera! ceatfcneat of the Committee
rri Relations is that the convention should
proceed with calm deiifcwsiion . reaper tlcsr
the rights and Interests of the United
States while preserving both the form and
the substance of Cuban Independence.
The idea Is growing that the amendment
5s a violation of the joint resolution cf
Congress declaring for Cuban indepen
<3pr.ee. as ¦ an unwarranted dictation of
conditions to a free an-i independent peo
ple and an exercise of sovereignty, con
trol and jurisdiction ever them. There is
a suggestion that this question be submit
ted to the United States Supreme Court
for detormlr.aticn.
The principal question at the present
time, however, is to be with regard to vbe
P'.att amendment and *he advisability of
submitting it to President MeKln'.ey. be
en u?*» of lack cf confidence in General
"tt'oofl. The rcmalalnt is made that the
opinion on relations submitted to the Gov
ernor has not been acknowledged.
Radical Element Is Deter
mined to Bring on a
ReDellion.
Buying Quantities of
Arms and Ammu
nition Secretly.
CUBANS PLAN
TO WAGE WAR
ON AMERICA
PEKING, _*arch 17.— The health of LI
Hung Chang Is again a matter of grave
consideration to the Ministers of the
powers. Mr. Rockhill, the American spe
cial commissioner; who visited Earl LI
yesterday, says he is a physical wreck
and apparently In a state of utter collapse
although mentally as bright as ever. Mr.
Rockhill would not be surprised to hear
of his death any moment.
The removal of Li Hung Chang by death
or any other cause at the present moment
would be very unfortunate. M. de Glers.
the Russian Minister, said to-day:
"Li Hung Chang Is a great diplomat,
and his influence with the Chinese court
Is absolutely unique. No other man In
Chinr» ayproaches him In this respect.
This influence is not temporary, but it is
particularly effective at important mo
ments like the present In the history of
Cuina."
Senor ' de Colonogan, Spanish Minister
and Royan of the diplomatic corps, said:
"The Chinese court could not appoint a
plenipotentiary of the same caliber and
having eaual influence with the Chinese
and the foreigners. Although many of
the Ministers of the powers object to his
political methods and regard him as es
sentially a trimmer, nevertheless they
realize that he is the best possible man to
represent China In the present emer
gency."
Orders have been received by the Amer
ican troops to depart next month, leaving
behind only 150 infantry. The headquar
ters staff assert that the Instructions are
a "great mistake," alleging that It Is nec
essary to retain a large body of foreign
troops In the country for at least two
years. Most of the officers take a different
view of the matter, believing that the best
course Is to retain a few of the troops of
each nation and rfo withdraw the rest.
His Passing Will Compli
cate the Situation in
tne Orient.
Aged CWnese Diplo-
mat in a State
of Collapse.
DEATH DRAWS
NEAR UNTO LI
HUNG CHANG
Continued on Pa^e Thre»
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAN FRANCISCO, MONDAY, MARCH 18, 1901.
VOLUME LXXXIX— NO. 108.
As a Measure of Precaution the Railway Guards Are Re
duced to Twenty-Seven on Each Side and the Opposing
Parties Exhibit the Utmost Friendliness for One Another
RUSSIAN AND BRITISH LEADERS
STRIVING TO PREVENT A CLASH
OF THEIR FORCES AT TIENTSIN
llshed as soon as it Is signed In St. Peters
burg a fornlght hence.
The San Francisco Call.LAWMAKERS AND THEIR SATELLITES IN FLIGHT FROM THE
CAPITAL, AS KODAKED BY A CARTOONIST AT THE CLOSE OF
THE THIRTY-FOURTH LEGISLATIVE SESSION.
hours of the early morning in ways that
best pleased them.
The early afternoon train took most of
the legislative- contingent away, and
what was left followed on the later
trains. Governor Gage left for the city
with* the early ones. He will return
within a day or two. ¦ :.#.¦-¦> •
The usual number of attaches have
been left behind to clean up the commit
tee rooms and the Senate and Assembly
chambers, and . to compile the final his
tories,'the journals and the chapters.
Nearly every one else has gone.
There was 'some little demonstration on
the part of the Sacramentans which in
one instance went as far as a brass band
and a car full of cheering citizens and
legislators, but most of the people con
tented' themselves with going as far as
the depot and there saying ¦ "good-by"
and "come again"— an admonition most
of. the statesmen wish to see verified.
A Month's Test'.Freel
If you haveltheumatlsm.wrlteDr. Shoop.Raclne,
Wls.,boxl37,for six bottles of. hlsRheumatlcCure,
expre»s paid.' Send no money. Pay $5.50 if cured*
Combating San Jose Scale.
TACOMA. March 17.— State Horticul
tural Commissioner Baker Is waging an
active warfare against the San Jose scale. •
which Is commencing to cause serious
trouble in orchards all over the State. It
was first noticed here about three years
ago and has since spread with great
rapidity. Commissioner Baker says that
the scale has lately attacked forest tre«?^
and. other natural vegetation, - which •
means that It has come to stay.
Crushed Under the Cars.
TRUCKEE. March 17.— While attempt
ing to board a moving freight train her©
this morning Frank Reihn fell beneath
the cars and had both legs so badly crush
ed that amputation was necessary. Ho
may not survive the operation. Relhp.
whose home is in Vlrgina City, where h'«
parents reside, is a boiler-maker, and had
been working in the railroad shops at
Sacramento. HBMHaMAl
came a law by limitation, provides for,tho
raising of money by special tax for some
specific purpose or public improvement.
Tho bill provides that the question of
levying this special tax may be submitted
to the people, who. by a two-thirds vote,
may decide upon t!ie levy, the money to
be raised- in> one, two. three or as many
years as may bedeemed proper.' Ina city
euch as San Francisco, where the $1 limit
is supposed to rule, this will enable the
people to vote to raise money without Is
suing bonds and without raising tbe limit.
Another L bill," also signed, provides for
the establishment of libraries, in cities;
another, in the hands of -the Governor,
aims to knock out civil service; another,
in the hands of' tha Governor, provides a
method by which the amounts necessary
to pay judgments against a city may be
included in the tax levy. These'last two
are aimed at San Francisco.- The last one
provides, means- whereby the "city's
creditors" and the unpaid teachers may
get their money. •
Another important bill now a law limit?
the hours of police duty' in cities of the
first class/ except In cases of emergency,
to eight a day.
EDUCATIONAL LEGISLATION.
Financial Way.
State University Well Cared For in a
The State University has fared well
financially, but the support comes mainly
ln~"the form of special appropriations, a
plan which has never found favor in the
eyes of the friends of the institution. At;
the beginning of' the . session . there were
several bills to provide new taxes. to swell
•the university fund. One was a tax on
direct inheritances. Another was a tax
"n naturalization, and a third was a grad
uated-tax on incorporations. It soon be
came known, however, t that 'these bills
would never pass tho Governor^ so there
was much conferring and "caucusing, and
finally all wore abandoned for a bill ap
propriating" $200,000 straight, another ap
propriating $50,000, which might be used
if necessary to pay any deficiency In the
endowment caused by losses in the Turner
mortgage, and a third, bill declaring th«
Institution a permanent charge In the gen
eral appropriation bill. The Governor
wished to add the $48,000. remaining in the
fund for the Governor's mansion fund, but
after a ''wall from ¦ Sacramento this Idea
was abandoned. Tiie bill putting the uni
versity into the general appropriation bill
to the extent of $100,000 ¦ a ¦ year was ob
jected to as an-effort to bind future Legis
latures, and it was amended so as to be a
declaration of the policy of this Legisla
ture. Then all the bills went 7 through
and all have been signed. 1 ', .The bill pro
viding for a tax on incorporations was re
vived as a feeder for the general' fund of
the State. ¦-•• ¦ . ¦• - . -¦ . . :
Stanford University got all it asked. \ It
was allowed . ftill corporate privileges,
which will allow it tc accept and hold tho
Stanford lands and dollars, Its bonds were
exemptedvfrom- taxation and its College
buildings, and equipment, as. well. .* ;.. -•
The;mQst important; of the educational
bills .passed is -the committee, substitute
for Senate bill 603-the text-book measure.
It creates the. Text-book Commission, to
consist of -the Superintendent of -Public
Instruction and .the -, State Printer, and
gives the commission various powers, sub
ject.to tbe approval of the State Board of
Education. The most important Innova
tion embodied In the bill is the authority,
to purchase copyrights or plates of text
books from Eastern publishers."
The general certification bill, prepared
by the Calif ornla - Educational Commis
sion, passed the Assembly as Assembly
bill 706, by Dunlap.- All existing teachers'
certificate . are protected and provisions
are made for their renewal. Primary
grade certificates are • abolished, making
it necessary for. air teachers to be able to
.pass the examination for grammar grade
.certificates. By way of compensation,' a
grammar grade certlflcate Is to be recog
nized in any county of the State. .
¦ Chandler's Assembly, bill 433 authorizes
the formation. of Union High School dis
tricts from territory in two counties, v Pre
viously ;^a .district might not extend be
yond the county boundary. The Governor
has signed this bill. -
The compulsory education . bill, ¦ intro
duced ' by - Taylor in the Senate and by
Mellck j in ¦ the : Assembly, is now : In "i the"
hands of the Governor. -It' establishes
both compulsory education In a not too
drastic form and^ "parental schools" * for
truants. asthat;term was defined in the
act. The omnibus bill: enlarging, and de
fining the powers of County. Superintend
ents died on the second reading file'Of the
Assembly. '-":."•¦ ..." •:-'•'/. -¦¦¦.-.- .¦-.•;;• -.•.¦-,
»' Knowland's Assembly -bill 138 remodeled
the -course 'of ctudy <and> abolished home
study so : far. as ; primary , and . grammar
schools; were concerned;'- but*: provided' for
home reading.' This was, beaten, once after
a hot. debate.- but. the unfavorable action
was reconsidered and the ' bill finally
passed. -
;- The " State Normal Schools were well
provided for in • the ¦ general ' appropriation
bill.-- and ; In : addition •- -nearly < every one ; of
them asked - special , appropriations. The
San Francisco - State • Normal * School ! re
ceives 5100,000 for a building. The Los
Angeles Normal School was given $10,000
for Improvements, but the Governor has
vetoed the bill. The San Diego Normal
School asked for a $30,000 appropriation,
but the bill was withdrawn upon recom
mendation. A j"5,000 appropriation for the
Chico Normal has gone to the Governor,
and an Assembly bill appropriating $55,000
for the San Jose Normal is also in the
hands of the Governor.
The California Educational Commis
elon's plan for a State Normal- School
Board did* not • meet with .legislative ap
proval.
The two most important forestry meas
ures passed were the Sempervirens Club
bill appropriating $250,000 for the purchase
of the magnificent redwood forest 1 of the
Big Basin tract, in Santa Cruz County,
and its maintenance as a State park, and
the "water and forestry" bill, appropriat
ing $107,000 for the investigation of the
State's water resources and the best meth
ods for the preservation of our forests,'
to be conducted under the supervision of
the United Stales Geological Survey, by
which a like sum will be expended. The
Big Basin purchase bill has been signed
and the other has been vetoed,' as the
Governor did not want to pass two such
largo appropriations on similar subjects.
DIVORCES REVOLUTIONIZED.
Governor Gage.
Sheridan's Bill Now in the Hands of
The Sheridan divorce bill will revolu
tionize divorces In this State ifjt meets
with the approval of the • Governor, j In
whose hands it now Is. 'It provides for an
interlocutory decree upon the hearing of
the evidence in the suit, the decree to.be
final as to the existence. of a ground for
divorce, alimony, property division and
custody of; children. At the end of six
months, if the decree has not been re
versed on appeal or a new trial granted, a
final decree is issued dissolving the bonds
of matrimony. Either party has then the
status of a single person and may marry
again. By implication the act repeals the
act prohibiting remarriage within a year
after divorce. Fisk's blir specifically re
pealing the latter act was defeated In the
Senate. ¦ - ; "., • . .
Nutt's bill to make uniform the di
vorce laws of the various States by pro
hibiting divorces v on causes which were
not grounds for divorce in the State where
the cause arose passed the Senate.' but the
Assembly Judiciary Committee got hold of
tt and has kept it ever since.
Many bills relating' to public morals
were Introduced and most of them died in
committee'- or on file or were defeated on
the floor.of one house or the other. Such
was the fate of the antl-poolselling bills,'
Ashe's bill restricting racing to forty days
in the year, the local option bills and the
anti-cigarette- bills. Knowland's Chinese
slavery bills passed both houses without
opposition. One makes a felony of holding
a person in bondage, and the other pro
vided for . the temporary " guardianship of
minors-^-an . attempt to facilitate the res
cue of Chinese slave girls. The guardian
ship, bill was .vetoed,, while the other was
signed.'. Several bills were directed toward
rigorous punishment . of -crimes against
children. 'One of these, by Sutro, Is now
in the: hands of the Governor. :',¦•. ¦¦
IN THE INTEREST OF LABOR.
Nelson's Bill Prevents the Employ
*' s .: ment of Children.
On the iabor oills, Senator Nelson'j
measure relating to. the employment of
child labor ls"ln\j.he Governor's hands. It
prohibits the- employment in factories,
workshops and -mercantile establishments
of. children under vl4 years of age arid re
stricts the hours of . labor for children un
der. 16 years of age to nine hours per day.'
Gullfoyle's bill for the inspection of scaf
folding upon complaint alleging it to ba
dangerous has received the Governor's
approval. -The "barbers* -h bill" has also
been signed. It establishes a system of
certification. ,Tyrreiru bill making It un
lawful to pay off employes in a saloon or
restaurant jassed both : houses and ; is
¦ wlth-the Governor. : It was drawn,
in 7" the; Interests .of the "stevedores.
Hourlgan's .Assembly bill - CC9, providing
for^the insertion 1 in Dublic contracts of a
stipulation 'that laborers employed on the
work- shall not be, worked more than
eight ihours ; per. day.' was > passed -. by both
houses, and went to the : Governor March
11. Hanen's bill ; restricting the hours of
labor In lumber, mills, shake mlllsandJog
ging "camps ; died : on the . Senate file, and
his, bill and; constitutional; amendment to
provide for. a" full riour.at. noon for
bermen were beaten in the Senate/
rjt In, addition to'.the v primary election bill
several ¦; oth^r?impor;fthtS^electionrr laws
were introduced. . . Macbeth's Assembly
bill 109. relating to conventions, was one
Of a them. It defines a "convention as a
gathering of .delegates chosen at> a pri
mary, election in all' cases where the oper
ation ' of ; the primary election law is man-
in. by hundreds from the temperance peo
ple of the State, and the bill died on tho
Senate file.
> ¦
RAILROAD IS WELL TREATED.
Four of Its Pet Schemes Enacted by
the Lawmakers.
• The railroad' has hardly missed a. .trick
this session. It had Innumerable small
bills, Jaut, It had^ourbie ones, till of -which
went through. ;One off these was' the
street-railway franchise* bill;, a second
was amendment 2S; a third was a bill
giving the Governor the right to make po
lice out of the train hands and railroad
employes, and a fourth, and. by far tha
most Important of all, was a bill to pro
vide for the consolidation of railroad
companies in this State.- The last two are
In the Governor's hands.
Just what the possibilities of the con
solidation bill are is (something only time
can prove. It allows railroads to come
together and for each to acquire all tho
rights and privileges, franchises, proper
ty, stock and rights of way of the othor.
Tne other measure is ostensibly to allow
railroad employes police powers on tho
company's property, so as better to pro
tect passengers; but, as Davis pointed out
on the floor of the Senate, in time of
strikes every employe could be made a
policeman, and every striker who dUi
his bidding would be adding "resisting an
officer in the discharge of his duty" to"
his other troubles. There was an attempt
to pass a bill providing .that delinquent
tax titles could not be acquired • by the
State when the land taxed was in tho
name of the United States, . a measure
which woul'd allow, the railroad to retain
thousands of acres upon which it ' paid
no taxes during the years "in which, it
was acquiring title to it from' the Federal
Government. The bill .was beaten in the
?. jnate after a hard parliamentary fight.
The banking laws were not touched 10
any great . exteat. A bill to allow the
stockholders of an insolvent bank to elect
a receiver passed both houses and Is now
with the Governor. There was also a
bill to abolish the Bank Commission, but
that was defeated early In the session.
In insurance the only bill of -real im
portance was that providing for the pay
ment of the face values of l ollcles in case
of total loss by fire. This was amended to
make such payment contingent upon
agreement between insurer and insured.
The Governor now has the bill. '
Legislation affecting the courts . was
confined mostly to the county govern
ment bill, which fixed Judges' salaries, to
bills relating to the Supremo Court and
to constitutional amendments providing
courts of appeal. The idea of intermediate
courts of appeal found but little., favor,
for committees in both houses fiddled
over amendments until late in the, sea
sion, and then one constitutional amend
ment was sent into each houes. They
were- both practically, the old -idea of
three courts of appeal of : three : Judges
each, and each to have Jurisdiction over j*
district.- -The Assembly amendment went
forward the- quicker, and met defeat- ' Ii»
the Senate.- . , . :
The well-known bill to Tcnock out . th.v
Supreme 'Court -Commission -~ came ¦ up
again., and. was defeated. A measure . t-j
increase the Judges of the Supreme Couit
to ten, 'with three 'departments, was also
passed up to third readine. . where it
remained. The .-ea was that the ten
Judges could clear up the calendar,' anj
then. In two or four years, three of them
could be dropped. There were also a
number of little bills regarding procedure,
and a bill by Ashe. regarding the feesof
Public Administrators, was passed , with
much effort through the Senate,-; but ¦ it
died In the Assembly.
affecting; municipalities.
Several j Important Measures Placed.
Upon the Statutes.
The law of municipal corporations . .has
¦received a" good deal of attention, ' mostly
from -Taylor of Alameda, and some "'new
and ; valuable legislation; is the result;.-: A
bill to : provide ;a ' hew. method of _\ street
assessment has been signed by' the'Gov
ernor. ¦ It; provides that -the -. assessment
may be collected in ; advance, ¦ bo = that
when the bids are "made the money is
waiting, and extra charge for risk of non
payments is , not-, figured.- into the bids by
the contractors.- The bill provides,- also,
that if the assessment cannot be collected
at once it may 'be- paid In Installments
repchJng; over not more than i ten ¦ years.
the city issuing bonds for the. work > in
themeantlme.' -*•' ; . . ¦ : ¦
Another -tilll, also signed by- the Gov
ernor, allows the .'Esuance of -? municipal
bonds . for: forty ; years or- less,- Instead -of
no more nor less than forty years; as was
the' law. and simplifies the procedure rand
.essens the cost of tut. Issue.
Another important measure, which be-
n^ ALL HEADQUARTERS. ¦- SAC
ff^ RAMENTO. March 17.— Starting
a bravely. ¦ with a Republican ma
h. jority sweeping and overpower
v %^^ ing, and free from the entangle-
ments of a Senatorial contest.
the ' thirty-fourth - session of ,
th« Legislature has Closed -oh . two
months of the driest, ' most monoton
ous, molt profitless legislation , the
State has Been. It has been an eminently
respectable Legislature, and Its members
are going: home with clean* hands and
pockets honestly empty. Occasionally the
chink cf the lobby coin has been heard,
bui it has not been loud and it has not
often come upon the floor. Bills were not
r.cmerous, a greater percentage than
usual were unimportant and no one
worked hard except the presiding officers
and the secretaries.
The session started, too. with the best
intentions. There would be barrelfuls of
bills was the prediction, for there were no
Senatorial complications and the net re
sult of the session would be pure legisla
tion. But it seems that Senatorial pro
grammes must be good things on which to
hang measures, for the b— Is this year
have fallen far *elow the record of two
years ago, when nothing was thought of,
apparently, but who suould sit in the
VrAted States Senate.
There were five things this Legislature
had to do besides junket and draw pay.
It had to pass a primary. law; to decide
upon a system of apportionment In con
formity with the last census and to pro
vide a district for the new Congressman
allowed the State; to pass a county gov
ernment act to adjust salaries which had
not been adjusted for four years at least;
to receeive the report of the Code Com
mission, consider it and revise the codes
in pursuance of the report and such
amendments as might be made to it, and
to pass a general appropriation bill. All
of these things it has done, and it has
worked but two Saturdays and but ten
days' overtime. But beyond these five
pieces of legislation it has done practically
nothing of importance.
It ratified the China . Basin lease; it
passed a constitutional amendment pro
viding for a State commission with wide
powers of fixing rates and charges cf
quaFl-public corporations and common
carriers; it overturned the State Printing
Office and made the Superintendent ap
pointive instead of elective; it Allowed a
new Polytechnic School to San Luis
Obispo County: it passed bills to protect
the State against disease: it passed a fran
chise bill that gave it a good fight in
each house: It tried to patch up the morals
of the State a little and it showed a strong
inclination to kill cinch bills and let their
counterparts In railroad measures go
through, and it did a good many more lit
tle things and dodged several more, big
and little. So It was not wholly without
result, but it was not a great Legislature,
nor did It 'make any history to speak of.
NEW PBIMAEY REGULATIONS.
Every of the Supreme Court
Has Been Met.
The primary law finally passed was a
pubstltute for a number of bills submitted
by various Senators and Assemblymen
and gathered from various sources and
considered in joint cessions of the # Elec
tions Committees of both houses.' 'There
were no fewer than seven primary laws
FUbmitted and thes» were boiled down
into one. Then anything that did not re
late directly to a primary law was elim
inated- from the bill and that was molded
fo as to meet every objection the Supreme
Court has ever made to such legislation.
The "bill provides that primaries for all
parties and all conventions shall be held
on the same date anl in the same booths;
that each man voting shall be given a bal
lot pnnted for the party with, which he
wishes to vote, and which, he fiiu.n jnaTl:
with the names of his party's delegates;
that the primary clectlnn officers shall be
paid and that the "it-ft" shall be the sim
ple affirmation that the Voter is voting at'
the primary with the party he will sup
port at the next' general election. ! The
Assembly enlarged this test-Hran oath
that the voter supported 'the principles
set forth "In his party's last platform as
well, but the Senate refused. • the'amend
ment and tbe bill went through w}th- the
more simple ' test. • '
The-apportionment- problem promised all
sorts of puzzles .from. the. first, and even
now the echoes of the last wrangle in
caucus have hardly died away. It took
conference after caucus and caucus after
oonference to settle the Congressional
lines, and 'ttien^- thwo was more trouble
over the lines of lasser districts, but it
has finally been put through on a scheme
gn&ranteed to return Republicans ! f roiri
<"aeh Congressional district, nearly all the
Senatorial districts and most of the As
sembly districts — that is, unless -there be
a change of heart among too many peo
ple. It is acknowledged to be a good piece
of work — politically — and also as to allot
ment. Tbe districts, with few exceptions,
are all close In population to -tbe allot
ments, decided upon by a division of the
State's inhabitants under the new census.
The county goi'ernment bill deals main
ly with salaries. It was evolved after
suggestions made by county representa
tives, end in all cases their wishes were
deferred to as much as possible. There
was practically no contest over it on the
f5oor-of either house. It makes few im
portant changes In salaries and very few
of these are reductions.
Code revision was the cause of a great
deal of worry, first over the magnitude
of the work and again because the dis
position to discuss each amendment upon
the floor of each house, indicated* that the
Legislature would sit until October next.
i5ut word was passed around that those
bills had to go through, and like a thor
oughbred touched with .the whip, they
suddenly speeded up, bounded through
both houses, anS went to the Governor.
The -revision consisted of removing the
dead clauses and sections; reconciling
contradictory provisions or eliminating
the more useless: clarifying the language;
taking out those portions which were but
re-enactments of provisions of thecon^
stltution; cutting out provisions that went
against the constitution, and pruning and
trimming and. raking over what 'was loft
until the. codes are now In apparently
Tgood shape.
Three of them are revised— the ? Civil
Code, the Penal Cede and the Code of
Civil* Procedure. The Political. Code.- the
indices to the four codes and .the-revision
of the statutes were left for. the commis~
sion during the next" two years;* after a
bill to dissolve the commission had been
stoutly fought; for and against, and had
been finally beaten.
TAX LEVY IS KEPT DOWN.
General Appropriation Bill Less Than
That of Two Years Ago.
The general appropriation is the usual
column of figures. It called for the appro
priation of $5,007,570 for. the two years to.
come. This was $11,000 less than the bill
passed two years ago, and it contained
several "items not formerly included in the
measures. The hand of the Governor can
be seen through it all. Indeed, it' was
he who finally handed it to the commit
tee with the remark that he "didn't want
any changes made in it." Nor were any
of particular Importance made. Beyond
increasing the appropriations for agricul
tural fairs by 25 per cent each, and al
lowing SSOOO more to the Board of Exam
iners, changes which added about $50,000 to
the total, it passed very nearly as it was
introduced. Its companion, the tax levy
bill, fixes the State tax rate at 48.2 cents
for the fifty-third fiscal year and 40.2 for
the fifty-fourth fiscal year. This is on
the IKK) valuation of 51,156,290,672, and will
provide, $5,419,506 for the fifty-third and
$4,419,500 for the fifty-fourth years for all
needs of the State. •
While humdrum legislation was the rule,
there were several bills that broke the
monotony of proceedings In both houses
whenever they came up, and they practi
cally fought- th^ir way through. The most
important of these were the bills ratify
ing ihe lease of the China Basin to the
Santa Feand altering certain provisions
of the codes so that nothing could Inter
fere with it. The bills were introduced by
Davis in' the Senate and by Brown of San
Mateo in the House. It was Davis' meas
ures, however, that- got Ihe lead and went
through. There was talk of a "stand up",
en the part of the opposition, -but not a
dollar of Santa Fe money could be found.
It was told to one of the opposition that if
$10 could buy both houses the bills would
be allowed to die on file before it would be
put up. It was a clean, hard fight, and
the push was. downed in the end. Smith
of Kern and Davis of Amador delivered
two of the best speeches of the session
in support of the ratification measure,
and the figiit in the Senate was won only
after the. evening session had nearly
passed. In the Assembly the fight was
nearly- as bitter, but not so long. The
accompanying bills followed ' the ratifica
tion bills without much opposition. .There
is another bill bearing on the same sub
ject, and a constitutional amendment as
well, but .. these, were allowed to die on
tile, as they are not of much importance.
The other bills are in the Governor's
hands.
' The bill r introduced in the Senate by
Simpson and In the Assembly by Brough
ton providing means whereby, street rail
way franchises might be 'bought and sold
was another that left a-traij of wrecked
hopes, roil calls and negative votes in its
track. It has become a law by the lapse
of ten legislative days. The bill's princi
pal provision is that when a franchise is
put up for competition and sealed bids are
received, the bidding does not stop there.
It may be continued in open competi
tion until one bidder wins out. It waa,a
railroad measure; and was drawn to give
the corporation with the longest purse
control of the franchise field. It has bfe
come a law by the lapse of ten legislative
days, . ' • ¦ -, . '
; Another hard fought piece of legislation
waji Assembly constitutional amendment
No. 2S, introduced by Laird. of Bakersfleld.
It provides for a. commission of five mem
bers •which will have complete control
over rates ' on gas;.' water. 1 , electricity for
light and power. . telephones and tele
prams, expressage and express compa
nies, sleeping ' car companies, railroads
and all other common carriers, and to
have general control over those compa
nies. The amendment slipped through the
Assembly without much opposition, but it
was bitterly fought in the Senate down
through final passage and reconsideration.
It has got to pass a vote of the people.
It was known as a railroad measure, but
all corporate influences were behind it.
FIGHT OVER HEALTH BILLS.
Bitter Antagonism' to Measures Fa
.' i: '.* ; vored by the ' Governor. •"• "
The bubonic plague bills Introduced by
Speaker Pendleton but accepted from the
first as the Governor's • measures, pro
voked one of the stubborn fiRhta. of the
'session. The one appropriating $100,000 for
the State Board of Health, to be used In
dealing with the plague problem,', went
thfougrh easily, but one of the other meas
ures met with furious opposition. This
was the bill making it a felony to publish,
by writing -or printing,^ that Asiatic chol
era, bubonic plague or other infectious or
icontagio-us disease- exists or has' recently,
existed within, the State unless .the fact
has been "determined : by the State Board
of Health and entered upon its minutes;
'The. opposition was so strong that amend-
I rnents were •finally accepted cutting • out
"or. other Infectious or contagious dis
eases" and "or has" previously existed,"
and permitting local health officers to
make their regular reports. In the form
it passed it is not regarded as a menace
to freedom of speech or of -the press.
The last of the stubborn contests came
on the-Curtln franchise assessment bill
It was not well understood, and during
the course of the tight members frequent
ly changed fnJm one side to the other and
back again, now convinced that it was
equitable and now that it was a piece of
most -rlcioue legislation.'. The bill Is In
thct Governor's hands. "If Is a measure
that, the banks wanted and that the MaV
ket-etreet Railway wanted. As amend
ed, the assessable value of a franchise
must be determined by subtracting from
the full cash value of the corporation's
capital stock the full cash value of all
other, property assessed to it, and also the
non-assessable property s held by It. •
_The tax on Incorporation, with a scale
Corresponding to the amount of capital
I stock, and its companion bill taxing for
ieign corporations, were originally Uni
verslty of California revenue bills; but
! after the change !n policy made neces-
I sary by the Governor's stand, they were
} passed as general , revenue measures, In
'the hope • that they would return. to the
I gen6ral^fuud;th,e v $200,000 bienriial£appra
; prjaiion;: agreed 'uppn ; for. the^unlversity
The~pther -bill. -fixing a tax upon naiurai
1 isauon^wasTwlthdrawn. - -- -..¦ . _ -
Smith of ".'-Kern, Taylor and Sims, the
Senate- committee appointed two years
ago to prepare a report on the State's tax
system and to make recommendations as
to new sources of revenue, presented their
report. The report suggested recourse "to
a stamp tax, but as no bill was based
upon the report no legislation resulted. '
Nelson's bill fixing, a State license of
*G per year for. the. sale of liquors was a
*r*Qbd -/measure^; from... the -•' standpplnt- of
j finance, bufoh account of the" menace it
i bad for local option petitions were sent
Special Dispatch to The Call.
as a unit on anything but purely partisan
measures, such as apportionment.
LIST OF APPROPRIATIONS.
Eills Signed By or in the Hands of
Governor Gage.
Appropriation, bills have not been lack
ing, either in number or amount, but the
rein of economy seems to have been keot
drawn tight upon them all. None but
those Immediately necessary have beru
made payable until next year. The ap
propriations which have become effective
are as follows:
$;0.000 for the new polytechnic school for San
Luis Obispo; $r.5i 75 for postage and expenses
of the Attorney General; $17 75 for the claim
of O. O. Webber; $57.C0O tor the Supreme Court
Commissioners' salaries; $3C0 for the claim of
F. E. Blakelry; $3063 for the deficit In th«
fund for th» transportation of the Insane;
$25 20 for the claim of T. F. Walsh: $1500 for
repairs to the Whittier School; $00,000 for le*l»
lctlve printing; $5C0 for the expenses of Presi
dential Electors: $2O.CfiO for the contingent ex
penses of the Senate; $20,000 for contingent ex
penses of the Assembly; $300 for Improvements
v, the Preston School; $250 75 for the claim of
John E. Reker; $1C5O for the claim of the City
of Sacramento: $150,000 for the Debria Com
mission; $11,673X2 for the claim of Ctaus
Spreckels; $iC2> 7» for stationery, fuel. etc.. for
State offices for the forty-eighth and forty
ninth fiscal year; $395S 03 for repairs to th«
Capitol for the fiftieth fiscal year; $5000 for
ttatlonery. fuel. etc.. for the State offices for
the fiftieth fiscal year: $250 for books for th«
Treston School: $3C0 for the claim of A. 1*
Wood; ISOO for lumber for the Preston School;
$12,500 for contingent expenses of the Assem
bly; $23,250 for public printing, binding etc.:
$>" a year for National Guard companies of
veterans; ,$32!)O 4S for salaries and expenses of
the Commissioner of Public Works; $1500 for
the claim of J. E. Edson; $250 lor the claim
of John S. Wilklns: $3tt0 for the contingent
expenses of the Senate: $5O,CCO for the Uni
versity of California: $2C00 for the propagation;
$1000 for the claim of E. E. Leake: $1357 01 for
the 'claim of the Board of Horticulture; $13,000
fcr the claim of J. C. Daly; $1015 for the claim
of T. . W. Klordan: $2500 for the erection of
monuments over the graves of certain deceased
officers of the State; $3)0 for the claim of th*
American Type Foundry; $200.C0O for the main
tenance of the University of California; $4330 «5
f> pay employes In the State Printing Office:
$."..".. i.eu for the Veterans' Home, an Increase of
$:0.OCO over former appropriations: $2500 for
drinking fountains In the Capitol grounds;
$25O.CCO to purchase the Big Basin rrove of
redwoods: HMO for Monterey custom-house
trustees: statutory salaries for additional
clerk9 for the Secretary of State; statutory
salaries of Supreme Court officers; salaries
. of certain Superior Judges.
The best estimate of appropriations
made and attempted is shown by the
report of the Ways and Means Committee
of the Assembly, to which all appropria
tion bills have gone. The report is ai
follows:
Total appropriations referred to com
mittee I3.1S7.C78 S3
Total appropriations reported .avor
ably 2.403.1JS J5
Total appropriations reported un
favorably T73.0C0 00
Total appropriations reported with
out recommendation SS7.S3S 40
Bills returned 10,000 00
Total appropriations reported back,
with recommendation r that they ba
withdrawn ....: $1,602,733 SI
The following appropriation bills are
in tbe hands of the Governor:
Providing $S000 for the claim of Jose Ramon
Pico; $30,000 for repairs to tbe State Normal at
San Diego; I1.5CS.67 for the claim of Louisa
Rlenzl: $100,000 for & building for the State
Normal School at San Francisco; *2M0 for the
claim of C. F. Wells: »45.0:t0 to pay the debts
of the State Agricultural Society: $3.4^4.83 for
the claim of William Cronan; $611.30 for tha
claim of F. Phillips; $30,000 for text book com
mission; $30,000 expended by the Board of
Public Works -on river and harbor Improve
ments; nO.OCO for repairs to the State Hospital
at Napa; $30,000 for the Governor's mansion,
a rcapproprlation; $30001 for a lighting system
for the State Hospital at Napa: $4,041 50 for
the claim of Bateman Droa. ; $60)10 to build a.
blacksmith shop at 'Whittier; $25,000 to con
struct and maintain the Lake Tahoe road;
$25.C00 for a hospital for the Yountvlll* Vet
erans* Home; $7000 for repairs to the Preston
School: $15,000 for improvements for the Home
for Adult Blind; $35,000 for the construction of
a State road from Sacramento to Folsom: S_M,
000 for repairs for the Mendoclno State Hospi
tal; $85,000 for the Panta Barbara and Kern
County highway; $73.68 for the claim of P. W.
Forbes; $1000 for the Cahuenga monument: $30.
000 for the examination relative to purity of
foods; $«0OO for machinery for the Stockton
State Hospital; $13,000 for repairs for Stockton
State Hospital; $4000 for further repairs for
Stockton State Hospital; $1200 for salary of
Debris Commissioner: $t04.4j for conveyance of
children to the Home for the Feeble Minded:
$750 for legal expenses In State suits; $20,0**1
for building for the Insane at the Foisora Stato
Prison; $10,000 for the Alameda-Contra Costa
highway; $1125 for the payment of additional
clerks In the office of the State Board of Ex
aminers; $30O postage and contingent expenses,
clerk of the Supreme Court, fiftieth fiscal year;
$2W0 for repairs to Stockton State Hospital;
$183 for expenses of funeral of Lieutenant
Hartley K. Hodgson: $3000 for repairs Wom
an's Relief Corps Home; $4000 for Mendorlno
State Hospital Ice plant: $8O for claim of Will
iam J. Elder; $.V>,000 for library building for
San. Jose State Normal School; $30. COO for im
provements Southern California State Hospi
tal: $300 for books for Whlttier State School:
$500 for repairs Whittier State School: $12,000
for deficiency Veterans" Home: $-Vtoo for water
tanks Agnewa State Hospital; $7000 for equip
ment for Mcndocino State Hospital; $5*312.27 for
deficiency Adult "Blind Fund; $7000 for South
ern California State Hospital : SIS7.30 for th«
claim of Theodore A. Bell; £".000 for Improv
ing grounds of Asne-ws State Hospital; $5,000
for cottage for Airnews State Hospital; $500 for
equipment for Whittier State School; $3000 for
equipment Fotsom State Prison: $2500 for ma
chinery Stockton State Hospital: $23,000 for
building for Chlco State Normal School; $3009
for claim of C. P. Lightfoot; $13,000 for work
shop I:ula3* rial Home of the Adult Blind.
datory. Elsewhere the delegate* may
be appointed. It is in the hands of the
Governor.
The bill empowering Election Commis
sioners to declare legal holidays for spe
cial elections has gone to the Governor.
A constitutional amendment offered by
Senator Smith of Kern, giving county
boards of supervisors the optional power
of adopting voting machines, was passed.
Devlin's bill making it a misdemeanor
to publish or distribute anonymous cam
paign literature has been signed by the
Governor. • -
Public institutions fared . well. Thou
sands of dollars have been appropriated
to erect new buildings, repair old ones
and equip both old and new. The Pres
ton School of Industry, the Whittier. the
five State hospitals, Mencocino, Napa,
Agnews, Stockton and^ Southern Califor
nia, all got pretty much what they want
ed. San Luis Oblspo County was p-resented
with a polytechnic high school and $oO.
000 to start it with. San Jaclnto, in River
side County, was given by the Senate a
new reformatory for girls to accommo
date those at Whittier. the intention
having been to divide the Whittier school,
but the Assembly amended the enacting
clause out of the bill.
A bill to- make the State P.rinter an ap
pointive instead of an elective office is
now before the Governor; also a bill to
appropriate money enough to transform
the office, now somJwhat antiquated. Into
one equipped with modern machinery.
The prisons received little attention ex
cept in the general appropriation bill. The
prisoners have been given a law which
makes punishable by death any assault
with a deadly weapon by a life-termer
upon a guard or a fellow-prisoner. A bill
establishing a parole commission and al
lowing the parole of prisoners has been
signed by the Governor.
NO MONEY FOB HIGHWAYS.
Veto Awaits All Bills of This Nature
That Passed.
The subject of highways caused a great
deal of discussion, for it was feared to
open up the question because of the num
ber of bills which were being held in
readiness. As it was", bills providing for
the appropriation of '$1,200,000 were intro
duced. It was finally decided to let only
a few of them go through, but the Gov
ernor has vetoed the first and most im
portant, the Yosemite road bill, and in
doing so he has declared he will veto
all others. ' ."! ¦
The gist of the State highway matter
was summed up by the Senate Finance
Committee in a constitutional amend
ment which passed both houses.
Under the present law' the State can
not aid a county road. The only thing
the State can do is to take possession of
the road, make it a State highway and
pay all expenses of construction, care and
maintenance. By the . amendment, pro
posed the 'State is allowed to aid county,
roads without going further than that.'
The mining debris bill appropriating
$150,000 for co-operation with the Federal
Government in the construction of a de
bris ¦ Impounding system on the Yuba.
River, was a bone of contention for a
time, but finally was triumphantly passed
and received the Governor's signature.
The salary of the Debris Commissioner
was reduced from $3000 per year to $800.
A bill creating a State Inspector of
Mines was defeated in the Assembly.
A bill providing for the provisional lo
cation of oil claims pending, discovery
died on the file. A bill compelling the
plugging of water flowing wells in order
to prevent the water from working Into
the oil bearing sands has gone to the Gov
ernor; also one regulating the proper
marking of oil products. '
The general appropriation bill allows the
State Mining Bureau such a sum as will
Insure a thoroush investigation of the
State's oil resources during the next two
Great care was devoted by the Irriga
tion committees/of the two houses to the
study of the problem of how to furnish a
method by which irrigation districts or
ganized under the Wright act might be
dissolved. Senator Nutfs bill passed both
houses, but was vetoed by the Governor.
The Assembly committee also prepared
a bill providing for the refunding of the
bonds of Irrigation districts, but it failed
to get further than simply on the file.
' The cuestion of woman's suffrage at
schcol electio-s came up through the As
sembly as far as the Senate, where it was
killed after a hot fight.
The osteopaths have been recognized as
a branch of the medical profession by a
bill which has become a law.
The old pharmacy law has been over
turned and a new one has supplanted it
providing for a board of examining phar
macists and the licensing of those prac
ticing The same has been done In the
case of the dentists, but the bill is still
in the hands of the Governor.
Barbering has been recognized as a pro
fession, and an examining board and the
licensing of barbers has been provided for.
Ashe introduced a bill to regulate account
ants In a similar manner, but the meas
ure died on file.
KIDNAPING "MADE A FELONY.
Twenty Years' Imprisonment May Ba
Inflicted.
The stealing of a child, "kidnaping," Is
made a felony, punishable by . twenty
years" Imprisonment.'
The omnibus coyote bill, carrying and
appropriating over 1200,000, was vetoed.
The Governor ' recommended . that jndg
ment on the claims be first secured.
Cutter's constitutional amendment to al
low socials to be held in churches with
out forfeiting the right to exemption
from taxation, was beaten v ln the Senate.
Taylor's amendment exempting State and
municipal bonds -from taxation, the same
that was defeated at the rkst election,
passed both houses and will be submitted
to ".the '• people. An amendment- to allow
High Schools to be included in the tax
levy, one to provide for amending char
ters, one to divide the State into fish and
games districts, one to maKe eight houw
a day the limit on State work, were
adopted and will also go to the people.
The ease with which corporation and ad
ministration measures went -through
stamped the character of the Legislature
as a whole. The Assembly was a rank
railroad house and the Senate belonged to
the Governor. It was boasted more than
once, and verified in dozens of roll fall*,
that there were forty-seven sure railroad
votes •¦ in the Assembly and twenty-four
sure votes for the Governor Jn the Sen
ate;'and the powers Interchanged. What
ever the Governor has wanted from this
Legislature he has received, and
with ¦ no exception what .the rail
road was earnestly after was given
it - Necessarily where all -was pro^
gfammed It has not been a ¦. session re
plete with oratory. In the Assembly early
in ' ' the session a five-minute rule was
ado'nted for speeches on the final passage
of bills— a rule which .worked well in some
ways , but perhaps wrought harm Jn
others. In the Senate debate was not lim
ited* fcnd no more than thrice was the pre
vious question moved and carried. This
v.-as In. marked contrast to the Assembly,
where the previous question was a favor
' In'^he'senate, Smith of. Kern and Davis
of Amador were the leaders: In the House
Johnson led' until toward the end of the
session, .when- he" was passed < aside and
every one, went his own. way.
- The minorities cut . but little figure,
rifcey did : not . organize nor did they vote
•5* : — : '.¦'[' — " - - '""¦ — "~
G* I ALL HEADQUARTERS, SAC
\. RAMENTO, March y r 17.— With
,:tert. exceptions."* the ' legislators
j'andr their':'friends are -speeding
' hoineward,- "or, have, already, ar-
• ¦ rived there, 1 ' and- ¦ Sacramento ia
• relapsing Into a-quletud* char
acteristic of the ' 4 legislative, ¦"recess.
There are no more crowds: '.in ' front
of the hotels; It — ia- -possible- .--to- get
a good seat in the dining rooms and tQ be
served fn' decent' season,' and; the* town
has set Itself^ to forgetting the ' session
just passed and to planning for the' hex£
to come; • .' •-: ¦ ¦• ¦'.¦'>• v ' ! -
• It. was a riotous- evening In both houses
last' flight, while . the_ hour .for/ adjourn
rri«nt;was approaching-.' out, : after It had
come -arid -gone; and ttie statesmen scat
"teri?d from; the'. Capitol, there^was .an in
crease rather- than": a"\eiminutloh hi the
general hilarity; •; There were many who
\v'ould .wait ln : town no longer .than the
morning ; train at 5 o'clock, and, fearing
.to/oversVeep,~ they- stayed up all-night.
.There were more who did not Intend to
'cat,ch any train before this afternoon,
'and bo it-; was "hot" necessary" for them to'
seek bed and' sleep,' 'so a good half .''of the
transient population whiled ; away the
Legislators Lose No Time in Seeking Home-- Citi
zens Turn Out to Spewed the Parting Guests, and
Sacramento Relapses Into "Recess" Quietude
Corporation Men Dominate the As
sembly arid Governor Gage Dictates
the Policy of the Upper House
Though Many Useless Bills Are Put
Through, the Sum Total of Appropri
ations Is Kept Well Within. Bounds
Curtain Rings Down Upon the Tamest
Session That California's Capital
Has Witnessed in Several Decides
Programming and Reckless Trading of
Votes the Order pr£ : Both- Senate
and Assembly Throughout the' -Term
Special' Dispatch to The, Call.
SCANDAL-FREE BUT LACKING IN GREAT DEEDS,
IS THE THIRTY-FOURTH LEGISLATURE'S RECORD
THE SAN FRAiNCISGO CALL; MONDAY; MAItCH 18, 1901
2
.; To Prevent -Pneumonia and Grip.
Laxative Bromo-Qulnine removes the cause..*
,Thc Only Way to Get a Com-
plete Cure for
Catarrh Deafness,;
IS TO TREAT IT ANTISEPTICLT.
The only way to do this Is with th« Cottlni-
ham NEW ANTISEPTIC METHOD. Imr«nterft(.-
and patented by - _¦ ':„ .
dr. co-r-rii>JGi-i/*/v\,
Expert on EAR. NOSE. THROAT aodLUNO^
DISEASES. • t - v U *™.l
204 Sutter St., N VV. Cor. o? Kearny
FllEE — Absolutely free Examination and en*
wetk's treatment Riven to convince you of th«
superior merit of this new treatment. 3000 ttit
cases.* 95 p*r cent cured. Try It FREE ant] bV
convinced while you can. Call at one* or writ*.
ordinary
oatmeal
is lumpy—
siriooth
Hornby's Steam Cooked Oatmeial^Jared Smith, Lately at Head of Seed
and Plant Introduction, to
Take Charge. .
HONOLT7LTJ NOW TO HAVE
i AGRICULTURAL STATION
¦WASHINGTON, March 17,— Jared Smith.
•who has been In charge of the offices eft
seed and plant introduction In the Depart
ment of Agriculture, has been directed to
start In a few days for Honolulu to es
tablish an agricultural experiment station
there. As director his first work will be
to teach the Hawaiian people how to
grow garden truck. Most of the vegeta
bles now consumed In the islands are im
ported from San Francisco. They will be
taught also the value of dairy cows among
poor families, butter and cheese making,
the forage plants most economically pro
duced for Hawaiian consumption and the
value of poor families raising: chickens
and pigs. This agricultural missionary
work In the Interest of the common peo
ple of the Islands will be essayed before
other agricultural problems will be con
sidered. There are 200 acres, running from
the coast to the top of a mountain, set
apart by the Hawaiian Legislature for
this purpose. These matters win be given
attention near the coast, coffee raising
will be studied on the higher elevations
and forestry work will be done on the
mountain tops.
the wild clanginsr of a fire engine gong
was heard, and down the street at . top
speed came a dashing fire truck. Its way
lay through the crowd beyond where the
police lines were formed. The people
made wild rushes In every direction to es
cape ; the threatened danger, but the
driver of the truck handling his horses
skillfully., all escaped without injury.
President MeKinley was half-way be
tween the sidewalk and the church when
the confusion attracted his attention, and
he stopped short with an expression of
anxiety on his face until the truek had
passed and done no harm.
Scene at the Church.
It was 2:30 o'clock when the procession
arrived at the church, and for one hour
and twenty minutes before that time the
edifice had been packed to its utmost ca
pacity. Directly after the morning re
ligious services in the church the ushers
who were to take charge of the crowd
during the funeral service of the after
noon, went • into the church to complete
their final arrangements. Lons ribbons of
silk, white upon one side, black'on the ref
Verse, were stretched around twenty pews
In the body of the church and fifteen on
each side, making a total reservation of
fifty pews for the family, pallbearers and
visitors. While the ushers were still at
work the people holding cards of admis
sion to the church commenced to arrive.
The honorary and actuai pall-bearers
came slowly up the north center aisle,
filing Into the seats at the side. The ush
ers, forming in column near the door,
came up the south aisle acting as an es-
I cort to the President, who was accom
i panled by Mrs. Durbln. As the President
: reached the pew set apart for him tin
! ushers turned and facd him. He bowed
I his thanks for the honor and then, usher
! ing Mrs. Durbin into the pew, followed
I after. Governor Durbin and Secretary
Cortelyou filled the pew. Immediately in
front of the «casket and bnhlnd the pall-
I bearers came Rev. M. L. Halnes and Rev.
' Samuel J. Nichols.
! Immediately following the casket wero
Lieutenant Commander Parker and Mrs.
Harrison. They occupied the second seat
from the front to the left of the , north
center aisle, corresponding to that of the
President on the south aisle. With them
were Frank Tlbbett, General Harrison's
private secretary, and Mrs. Parker. Foi
fowing' these were Mr. and Mrs. Russell
Harrison, Mr. and Mrs. J. R. McKee^and
Mrs Eaton, John Scott Harrison and Car
ter B. Harrison, Mr. and Mra. Newcomer,
Mr and Mrs. S. V. Morris and other rela
tives and close friends of the family.
Behind the pew occuDied by the Pres»
dent wero Senator and ¦ Mrs. Fairbanks.
Senator Beveridge, Governor Nash and
party of Ohio, Governor Yates and partv
of Illinois, Congressmen Watson; Cromer,
Overstreet, Steele, Crumpacker and many
other distinguished men. When all had
taken their seats Mr. Haines opened the
service.
Mr. Nichols then read a lesson. The
services were closed with a barytone solo,
"Hark. Hark. My Soul." rendered by Ed
ward Nell, the entire choir joining In tho
C The S party left the church In the same
order in which It entered. For the most
part those who attended the church ser
vices left Immediately for Crown Hill
Cemetery.
Widow Controls Emotion.
Gathered around the Harrison lot in
Crown Hill Cemetery anu standing, in
solid masses- along the winding road
wnich led to the place were thousands of
people who with bowed heads ; and • mani
festations of sincere sorrow watched the
funeral procession take its way . through
the grounds. HMHBTC9 aaa Ml!£9MBMflK
On the arm of ' Lieutenant ' Commander
Parker Mrs. Harrison took her •¦ place at
the head of ; the ; coffin, which : had s been
borne to the side of the grave by. the pall
bearers. Through the ¦ heavy. ... mourning
veil . which she wore - there ' were . visible
signs of the grief through - which *; she
had passed. Her lips trembled and it was
evident that she kept hej* emotion' under
control by the greatest effort.
Near her on the left stood the igeneral's
son, Russell B. . Harrison, vwlth his -wife,
and Mr. and Mrs. McKee. 7 Mr/. Harrison
kept his eyes fixed upon the casket, -never
turning them away from • it during - the
service. Mrs. Russell Harrison and : Mrs.
McKee were composed, but now and 'then
a little storm* of emotion, would shake
them and their faces would' be .buried In
their ¦ handkerchiefs. The -brothers " of :
General • Harrison. John ., Scott •. Harrison
and .: Carter ..B. Harrison, stood 'close to
gether. MgjnwfBqaMMBttBgpMMMMB
President' McKinley. came to the grave
with Mrs. Durbln and stood -with her dur
ing the brief service. When • the prayer
was offered the President was seemingly
deeply in thought and remained bo with
bowed head after the linal word had been
said.
While some around the grave raised
their hats to protect their neads, the Pres
ident kept his in his hand throughout the
service. Beside him were Governor Dur
bin and Private Secretary Cortelyou.
Fifty _ yards away from the circle .of
mourners and from the tomb were thou
sands who heard and watched the cere
mony. The burial service was very simple
and very .brief . Rev. ; Mr. Nichols read
the short committal and burial .service,
and Rev. Mr. Halnes followed with a
prayer.
White Flowers on 'Coffin.
Instead of following the usual practice,
which consists of dropping a few grains
of dust on the .coffin, three white carna
tions were placed upon the lid. When the
last word had been said and the service
was over the attendants lowered the cof
fin to its. place. To the last It bore the
wreath from Mrs. Harrison and the bou
quet of lilies of the valley from little
Elizabeth. On "the coffin was placed a
heavy walnut protecting cover, and then
the granite roof of the tomb was lowered
and closed.
The " last resting place of ex-President
Harrison Is a tomb five feet deep, encased
In granite four Inches thick and covered
with a granite top of the same .thickness.
On the reverse Bide of the cover is the
simple inscription, "Benjamin Harrison,
1833-1901."
The interior of the tomb was decorated
with ferns so; profusely that no sign of
earth or stone was visible. Dozens of ex
quisitely beautiful floral tributes were
placed on the tomb and on the ground
close by.
There seemed to be a hesitation on the
part of the spectators to leave when the
services were over. After the mourning
party had left and was being placed in
the carriages the thousands of spectators
stood and looked long at the grave.
PRESIDENT IS GREETED.
Holds Informal ; Reception at Gov
ernor Durbin's Indianapolis Res
idence to Gratify Admirers.
INDIANAPOLIS, March 17.-Presldent
McKinley arrived In Indianapolis over the
Pennsylvania road -at 6:30 o'clock. His
private 'car was ¦ set oft from . the regular
train east of the Union station, where It
remained until 8:30, vwheh it" was moved
down ' to • the station. ' Here a committee
of prominent: citizens met him to extend
the greetings , of the city and to escort
him to Governor Durbin's house. This
committee Included Congressman Over
street, ; Mayor Taggart 'and Lieutenant
Governor Gilbert. . From the . station the
President went direct to the house of Gov
ernor Durbln, ',whose : guest he remained
during his stay.- Shortly after his arrival
at the house he was compelled to hold an
informal reception, • the number of callers
being large.
At 10 o'clock < B. F. Tlbbett, who was
General "Harrison's private secretary, ar
rived with a message from Mrs. Harrison,
and President -McKlnley- at once \ decided I
to visit her. ¦;.,¦ He . remained : In the house
about fifteen minutes, conversing for the
greater, part of . the time Mrs. Har
rison. He then went for, a short drive
around the cUy.V, returning to Governor
Durbin's -¦ for luncheon. . Almost imme
diately ; after r this * the Presidential party '
returned • to the Harrison home for the
funeral services.
.After ;-, the , return from .the- cemetery,
which . was at . nearly. 6 o'clock.' the Presi
dent went ¦ to , Governor ;; Durbin's '¦ for *a
short stay, and dinner, and then to the de
pot.'cHis car.wss attached to the regular
train . leaving an ,7:10 over; the ; Pennsylva
nia railroad. The President was escorted
to the Union. station; by Governor.- Durbln
and - Senators i Fairbanks i and : Beveridge.
His "car will be dropped from the train' at
Canton. ; He ; will 'leave for? Washington
after a ' day's ' stay , at . his ; home.
Honoring the Dead.
A salute fof \ thirteen guns -was ; fired at
reveille yesterday moaning at the Presidio
In honor.of the smemoryof ; ex-President
Harrison." * The . same number of guns v«as
fired ¦ at ¦; retreat.-*, and 1 during the interim
two guns .were' fired every; half-hour. : '
American Republics All Ac
cept Invitations to Big
Conference.
WASHINGTON, March 17.— Responses
have now been received from practically
all of the South and Central American re
publics accepting the Invitation to partic
ipate in the conference of American repub
lics, which is to be held in the City of
Mexico next October. The preliminary
work of the congress has been directed
from' Washington, as the United States
Government has taken great Interest in
the meeting and has had the co-operation
nere of the representatives of the south
ern countries. Several a of the republics
already efther have chosen their delegates
or have names under consideration.
The Guatemalan Minister in Washing
ton. Senor Lazo Arriaga, has been desig
nated by his Government to represent it,
but he has not yet determined whether he
will accept the mission. It is understood
that the Brazilian delegates have been
chosen, and that the names of those who
will represent Chile 'are selected, condi
tional upon the extent of participation
which Chile will have in the congress. The
personnel of the delegates from the United
States is beginning to' attract attention,
and In South American circles there is an
earnest desire that at least one of the
delegates from this country shall sustain
some official relation to the State Depart
ment. In the former congress. ¦. held . in
Washington, Mr. Blaine 'was a conspicu
ous figure, and the southern republics are
desirous: that there be like prominence
at the coming congress, v-v v,
Little attention has yet been given \to
the consideration of particular names
yet ; among - those Informally mentioned
are Assistant Secretary of State Hill, Di
rector Rockhlll of the Bureau of American
Republics and John Barrett Moore, who
was Assistant ¦ Secretary of State during
Judge Day's administration of the State
Department. Mr. Moore's name has come
up In connection with the researches he
has . made on the subject of arbitration,
which promises to.be one of the 'most In
teresting themes before the congress. The
South American republics have shown a
strong Inclination toward arbitration In
the settlement of their frequent boundary
difficulties, r. and :•¦ there Is a tendency - to
adopt this method quite generally, and if
possible i universally, to avoid border : con
flicts and: their menace of war. Some. of
those Interested In: the congress have
hoped to see it bring results similar to
The Hague ¦ congress, with -. a'- permanent
court >' of ¦ arbitration for the western-re
publics' like that at The Hague for inter
national ! conflicts, In which the countries
of Europe and the United States might be
Involved. : None of the southern republics
was represented at The Hague conference.
The sentiment .for. arbitration wa3
strong Hn -the last^South; American con
gress,' and in the recent congress at > Mad
rid it again took » form.' ,'At the same time
it. has been '-understood r that Chile might
not desire : ;; to participate ¦ if r the . subject
was ' to be 'discussed In such form as to
involve the ; pending controversy between
Chile,. Peru and ; Bolivia. '¦- In _ signifying
her purpose , to accept the Chilean author
ities <said^ In; substance' that 'it. would be
conditional upon the discussion of no top
ics .which would involve pending questions
in * which ithat '-¦¦ country was ¦', concerned.
From i this = it \ has ; been ¦ inferred \ that ? the
particular '¦'¦'¦ question . ' desired <¦ to ? be - elim
inated* isHhat now in sharp 'dispute be
tween Chile and Peru.; On the other hand,
Peru s looks ¦¦ forward ' quite confidently - to'
the -congress j as a"- means - of .. presenting
i her ¦ viewl of < this long v. pending ~ conflict.
[ But in any event it Is not expected that a
subject of * the ; magnitude of ¦ arbitration
can -be entirely, 1 ; eliminated , from ¦ a v con
gress of this characterA •; -¦¦ -¦-¦•
-. Besides this topic It is expected that the
i congress t will deal with commercial affairs
'of -interest 3 to;, this country; and the other
| 'republics.':; developing means for thorough
co-operation" and mutual^: expansion .of
itradcSTo some extent' also the gathering
; .will' have ; a ibroad ; political -aspect;-lndl
, eating; the • fraternity .: which: exists among
-.the republics of tho western hemisphere. -
., -¦ />'•-,.; .•¦¦¦;¦. -,;:-¦••.' ..• :¦'.. ¦'¦¦•_.-¦-'¦¦ ' : ' ¦ ; ;
TARE INTEREST
IN THE CONGRESS
GREAT THRONG SEES FINAL CEREMONIES.
Continued From Pagpe One.
This hat, I believe. Is to be worn with a
white dress.
I hope we shall hear Mrs. Casserly play
the harp at the charity concert to be heM
at' the Mark Hopkins Institute of Art In
about two weeks from now. Last year a
similar concert was given at the Palacu
by the same ladies who have the man
agement of this one. When 'the price of
the tickets was announced, to, I heard on
a»l hands the cry, "High" prices and poor
music," But those who went to scoff re
mained to praise, and I am confident that
the concert this , year will be equally
as successful and as musically splenJU'
as the last one. Mrs. Casserly. I am told,
will be on the programme, and to hear
Jack Casserly' s- handsome wife play the
harp ls,l am Inclined to believe, a Joy no
one can afford to miss.
Frank Carolan is himself once mor<>.
The Injury to his ankle is now a thing of
the past. On Saturday morning he roda
to the hounds with the hunt club from
Mr. Morris' place at Fair Oaks, and was
warmly welcomed back by all his friends.
were. Inclined to look seriously upon a
delightful mild flirtation. Then he passed
on to Florence, and I was among those
who predicted; but I lost. I do not in
tend to bet on Peter any more. He is
a jolly, delightful beau, and if he finally
does fall a victim to the mischievous lit
tle god I do not believe I will be the
only one surprised. I am willing ' t«J
wager that Peter will be Just. as aston
ished as I will be. .^U /
• . . /
Mrs. Joe Tobln is about to doff her
mourning, and all of us crirls are happy.
Ask any one. and If they are truthful they
will be bound to confess that they looked
to her for odd and charmincr color com
binations. While it is true that Mrs. To
bln usually favors black, still she has that
gift of using a dash of Just the right
color that is a joy to all beholders. I saw
a lovely new hat the other day, with
which. Mrs. Tobln is sure to create b.tk
artistic sensation.] It is of palest tur
quoise chiffon, all laid in tiniest tucks
over a flat frame and trimmed with roses.
MISS CHARLOTTE CUNNINGHAM, WHOSE WEDDING TO LIEUTEN
ANT PERCY KESSLER WILL. BE SOLEMNIZED AT ST. LUKE'S
• CHURCH ON THE EVENING OF APRIL 10.
IT"* RANK GOAD li home once more.
I He left his two charming sisters,
j— "* Mrs. Gene vie ve Martin and Mra. C
| K. Mclntosh, touring the Orient,
*¦ and brings us the .pleasant news
that the health of sweet Alleen Mclntosh
is improving dally - as the result of her
trip.
If you want Frank to wax enthusiastic,
though, you. Just want to start him on
Mamie McNutt Potter and her delightful
home life in our new possessions. Down
in the Philippines Lieutenant Potter's
charming bride is the head and front of
society. She is a social dictator, all the
army following where she leads. She has
her horses and carriages, and as for Gov
ernment conveyances, she has but to ope'
her mouth to have them placed " at her
command. Under her influence Lieu
tenant Potter has- developed into a
model husband, whose every thought Is of
and for his beloved wife. He lets her
have all that money can command. I
understand that her wardrobe contains a
wealth of gowns, each of which is a
marvel of perfect taste and elegance.
Mrs. Potter understands how to wear
clothes. Therefore I am not astonished
when I hear that the lady has upset tho
humdrum order of things in the Philip
pines.
Marie Wells called it "the irony of
fate"; I call it the irresistible attraction
of a "doosed" pretty girl..jThe Mardl
ASras ball was the scene of action. Marie
was looking even prettier, than usual, and
there was a goodly bunch of boys hanging
around, each eager to claim the privilege
iOf a dance. Marie was willing, only there
was one serious drawback— there were
more anxious boys than dances.
"I'll tell .you what I will do for you,"
said charming Miss Wells. "I'll give each
of you boys two turns of this delicious
waltz."
Finally it came the turn of the fourth
boy to lead sweet Marie out. They were
gliding along when she said: "Of course,
I know you. but to save my life I can't re
call your name."
"Sidney Salisbury," answerd the youth
blushing a little.
"A Salisbury dancing with a Wells,"
said Marie. "That is what I call the irony
of fate."
• • •
I have been told that Mrs. Murphy,
Edith Pope that was, is brave and true
enough to express her opinions and cour
ageous enough to live up to her convic
tions. This is all apropos of a recent social
scandal in which the names of two wom
en were mercifully spared.
Mrs. Murphy, so I hear, has openly de
clined to meet them socially, thereby win
ning the approval of all her friends, many
of whom have not the courage of their
convictions.
• ¦¦'¦'.;••¦!'¦•
Peter Martin is in Xew York. Some
of Peter's friends have it that he is upon
matrimony 4 berft, but others, again, in
sist that his only pursuit is pleasure. I
; am inclined to agree with the latter.
Peter Is a gallant born. I He is a grerit
admirer of pretty girls, and he likes to
admire them each in turn. While in the
admiring stage he lavishes flowers and
! candies to such an extent that were it
any one else than Peter the admired fair
one might be Inclined jto look upon his
charming attentions seriously. About n
year ago, when he was so attentive to
Marie, those' who did not understand him
NEW YORK, March 17.— The steam
ship New York reached her dock at 10
o'clock to-night after a. passage in which
an explosion of an ammonia tank and a
broken shaft caused loss of life and
much damage to the vessel.
As a result of the explosion fifteen men
¦were overcome by the fumes of ammonia
ca Thursday last and seriously prostrat
ed, two deaths following. Both victims
were buried at sea. Several others were
cuntir.ed to the ship's hospital for some
time, and one was etlii m tne hospital
wntn the ship docted. The dead are:
JUHK KfcllsT, a steward of the vessel,
¦rtM cied of pneumonia thirty-six hours
i^iicr tne acuuent, the disease being due
10 inflammation of the respiratory or
gans, caused by the ammonia.
CARL, KNGivViriT, an American citi
zen, a steerage passenger, whose address
wits unobtainable to-night.
Onboard with Engkvist were his three
children, all of whom are young and who
will go to the home of an aunt. F. Col
t-ton, a. cabin steward, is still suffering
lroqj inflammation of the lungs.
Superintendent Hakes Statement.
According to a statement made by Su
perintendent James A. Wright of the
American line after he had gone on
board the vessel and talked with her of
iicers, the explosion or escape of am
monia, as it was termed by Mr. Wright,
occurred at half-past 6 o'clock Thursday
morning: The bonnet of the condenser
on the refrigerating apparatus was forced
in some manner. The apparatus is in the
after portion of the main deck, on the
starboard side.
JCear the refrigerating apparatus at the
time were eleven stewards, steerage and
cabin, and fifteen steerage passengers.
When the ammonia fumes burst out into
the compartment, which is on the same
deck as the main dining saloon, there
was a mad rush for escape. Some were
overcome by the fumes and dropped to
the floor. Others were able to get out of
the room and others at once made to
open up the compartment and let the am
monia escape. This took some time, how
ever, and those who had first escaped,
after petting a breath of pure air. rushed
back into the place and assisted those
•who had been unable to get out.
All Are Prostrated.
All these were more or less prostrated
by the fumes, but only a few had to go
to the ship's hospital. The stewards.
Kent and Colston, -were among them, as
was Engkvlst. Engkvlst's death, accord
ing to the statement of Superintendent
Wright, was primarily due to heart dis
ease, but It was said that it was super-
Induced by the shock and by inflamma
tion of the lungs. There were fifteen
treated by the ship's physician as a re
pult of the ammonia fumes being In
haled, but all except those named are
now doing well. Superintendent Wright
fcaJd. and would fce entirely recovered In
a day or two.
The breaking of the shaft occurred at
31:30 o'clock Friday morning. The vessel
¦was moving In a smooth sea at the time.
The shaft broke near the propeller on the
port Elde of the ship. It did not drop out
and a boat was lowered and the propeller
lashed fast with a wire hawser. Super
intendent Wright said he did not think It
•wouM be necessary to put the ship In
dry dock to repair her, but was not sure
ea to that point
Two Killed and Fifteen
Overcome by Ammonia
Tank Explosion.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
DENVER. Colo.. March 17.— <5eorgiana
Thompson, a pretty blonde, tall and of
weight fully up to her allowance for
height, sat proudly on a burglar for a
half-hour last night, calming him when
he struggled to get away by Jabbing him
•with a hatpin.
Miss Thompson la a stenographer, occu
pying a room in_ Patterson place. The
dwellers In the apartment house In which
she lives have recently been annoyed by
burglars. Miss Thompson had Just re
turned from a visit to a friend and was
Fitting in fcer room reading a letter when
she heard a scratching at the keyhole, as
cf some one trying to pick the lock. She
tiptoed to the door, which was not locked,
end flung it suddenly open. A man was
squatting there with a wire in his hand.
He tried to spring up, but collided with
Miss Thompson, who in the resulting fall
cat squarely on the burglar's back. Real
izing her advantage she stayed there, re
moving her hat that it might not be
mussed, and using the hatpin to advan
tage every time the burglar grew violent.
Manager Pomeroy of the apartment
house heard Miss Thompson's cries for
help, end seeing her mistress of the situ
ation left her while he went for a police
man. The bluecoat was slow" In coming,
and the burglar, by a sudden struggle,
tumbled Miss Thompson oft*, but ran
plump into the policeman's arms. At the
city Jail he was Identified as G. G. Hilton.
DISASTER VISITS
THE NEW YORK
Pretty Stenographer Uses Him for
a- Seat and Detains Tnrp by
the irressure of a
Hatpin.
Intruder in a Denver Apart
ment House Has Sorry
Experience.
FAIR MISS SITS
ON A BURGLAR
BY SaLLY'SHARP.
GREEN INSTEAD
OF OLD GLORY
SPOKANE, March 17.— The American
colors flying at half-mast from the High
School tower in memory of the late Ben
jamin Harrison were torn down to-day and
green bunting was substituted .by, some
unknown 8t. Patrick's day enthusiast.
The substitulon was discovered early in
the day and rectified. Much indignation
has been expressed by the school authori
ties and others. Several ministers con
demned the act from their pulpits.
The attention of School Superintendent
Saylor was called to the substltulon
about 10 a. m. With the Janitor pro
ceeded to the rchool. They encountered
difficulties in getting into the tower. The
St. ' Patrick's day enthusiasts had taken
off the tower door and braced it above
the hatchway leading to the attic, so that
one side of the door was directly over the
trap and the other resting against the
wall, its resistance proving quite effectual
for a time. What appeared from a dis
tance to be a fine green silk flag turned
out to be a mere piece of bunting, fifteen
feet long and four, feet wide, which was
removed with all speed and lcis ceremony.
Mr. Saylor procured an American flag of
his own immediately and had It hoisted.
It is believed that students stole the tow
er key from the secretary's office and
made the substitution last night. Efforts
will be made to discover and punish the
guilty persons.
"It was the wish of President McKin
ley," said Mr. Saylor. "that on every pub
lic building In the United States the Stars
and Stripes should fly at halT-mast to-day.
It is my . sentiment that no flag should
ever supersede the American emblem."
Special Dispatch to The Call.
School Superintendent Promptly Sub
stitutes the Stars and Stripes,
. But* the People Are Loud
in Indignation.
Nation's Standard Lowered
at Spokane by MischieY
ous Persons.
on Tn« Trail.
PHOENIX. Ariz., March 17.-Omcers in
Sotfthern Arizona are searching for Julio
Castellanos, a Spaniard, who is said to
have fourteen wives living in Arizona and
Mexico. Brothers of the last abandoned
wife are aiding in the search. Castellanos.
who is a mining expert, has been at the
Ajo mine., but is believed to have escaped
into Mexico. ...
Mining Expert Said to Have Four
teen Wives and Has Officers
MUCH WEDDED SPANIARD
"WANTED BY THE POLICE
Target Practic* for Mohican.
SAN DIEGO, March 17.— The training
ship Mohican of the United States navy
Is expected to leave here Tuesday for
Magdalena Bay for target practice, and
•will return to prepare for her trip to
Honolulu. She will cover the same course
as the training ship Adams with her crew
of apprentice boys from the Yerba Buer.a
school.
DAWSON REARS
A MUNCHAUSEN
Tales of a Mastodon Who
Tears Up a Town and
Frozan-Brained Dogs.
several houses, tossed dogs and horses
into the air and caused men to run for
their lives. He was at last killed by an
electric wire which he tried to pull down.
His skin alone weighed 1100 pounds. The
skeleton, which is fifteen feet high, is now
on exhibition. One tusk weighed 217
pounds. The town in which he was killed
looked as If it had been visited by an
earthquake.
"The last part of January was .very
mild, but this month beats them all. It
is from 40 to 60 degrees below zero every
day. The town Is overrun with mad dogs
and ladies cannot go out at all. The po
lice have killed hundreds of the animals
already and shoot every one running loose
on the street. Poor food and cold weather
is the cause of it. and scientists say the
brain becomes frozen. The^ays of the
dog are numbered in DawsoiTand horses
will take their places.
"A lady froze to the sidewalk last week
while talking to a friend. A waterman
had spilled some water on the walk, and
she stood on it, her shoes freezing tight
to the ground. When she started to go
she could not move and fainted. Some
men secured an ax and cut her loose.
Since that time no one is allowed to walk
on the street on such a cold day. Next
month cannot be so cold, as the sun is
too high already.
"Dawson is overrun with rats. In every
house there are hundreds, and as they
run between the paper walls and over the
ceilings they make a person think of
spooks."
A clipping from the Klondike Xugset en
closed by Mr. Koehler tells something of
the cold that prevailed in that section
when the letter was written. The clip
ping: says:
"The fact that the Indicator In the ther
mometer has once more dropped down In
the neighborhood of 50 degrees below has
brought to the attention of the public a
realization of the fact that winter is not
yet a thing of the past In this portion of
the kingdom. People who were out yes
terday assert that the cold, although but
little below 40 degrees, was much more
biting and chilling than a few weeks ago
when It was fully 20 degrees colder.
Stage passengers between Dawson and
the Forks yesterday declare that even fur
robes lost their efficiency on the trip and
they were forced to patronize roadhouae
stoves at Intervals along the route. This
morning was several degrees colder than
yesterday, the cold still being of a very
penetrating and biting quality. Yesterday
was a culet day in Dawson, very few
people being outside."
SAN DIEGO, March 17.— Herman Koeh
ler, formerly a baker in this city and now
in business In Dawson City. Northwest
Territory, Canada, has written a letter
to his sister here in which he tells of
some remarkable happenings In that land
of snow ar.d ice. In part of the letter
which was Just received and which was
written only three weeks ago, he writes:
"Up on the Forks a big mastodon was
killed after he had demolished a hotel and
"—Witt dreams may come.' • • • *•
,
Special Dispatch to Tho Call. '
Young Damsel Freezes to the Sid-a
walk and Is Released With an
Ax, Says a San Diego t
Baker.
BOISE, Idaho, March 17.— Troop H,
Sixth Cavalry, stationed at Boise bar
racks, has received orders to go to San
Francisco at once, en route to the Philip
pines. Lieutenant Ryan. In command of
the troop, expects to leave Boise with his
troop about Thursday. It Is understood
that the entire regiment will be brought
together in the Philippines.
More Troopers for Luzon.
SAN DIEGO. March 17.— Superior Judge
William P. La*vlor of San Francisco left
here to-day after a pleasurable stay at the
Hotel de Coronado. On Friday Judge
Lawlor and a party of friends. Including
James Buckley and his nieces. Mips Louise
B. Brown and Mies L. C. W. Johnson,
made a trip by tally-ho to the headquar
ters of the Universal Brotherhood, on the
top of Point Loma. and obtained ' that
view of mountain and city, bay and ocean
which Charles Dudley Warner declares Is
unsurpassed in the world.
Judge Lawlor Coming Home.
SOCIETY SOME PLEASANT THINGS
ABOUT THE POTTERS
PITTSBURG, Pa., March 17.— During
the progress of a fire to-day at the cor
ner of Duquesne way and Fort street one
man lost his life and three others were
badly hurt. The property loss will be
fully $250,000. well insured. The dead:
WILLIAM MILLER, driver of No. 3
hose. : ; ..**:.-
The Injured: George J. Snyder, hoseman
same company: Harry Griffith, ladder
man, truck C; H. E. Schekler, hoseman.
company 3
All the Injured men are In the hospital,
and all will recover, -r - ./*• :
The fire broke out in the boiler room of
the Hiram W. French Company's hal-
felt factory. Just opposite the exposition
main building. Through some confusicn
no alarm was turned in for some time,
and it was fully twenty minutes after the
lire was discovered before the engine*
reached the scene. From the felt fac
tory the flames Jumped across the street,
and in a short time the exposition build
ing was' burning fiercely. All the firemen
could do here was to prevent the flames
spreading. After hard work this was ac
complished, and Machinery Hall, with its
valuable contents, was saved. The main
building 'was a complete 'wreck.
Two lumber yards adjoining the felt fac
tory soon succumbed. Gallagher & Banker
lost 1,000,000 feet of lumber, and Henry
Henk 25u,000 feet of valuable hardwood.
Three email dwellings near the lumber
yards were destroyed, but so far as known
ail the Inmates escaped.
William Miller and his fellow firemen
were victims of a live wire. The in
tense heat melted the network of wires
running In every direction, and one of
them, In falling, struck a trolley wire, thu
other end crossing the brass nozzle of
the hose held by Miller and Snyder. Both
men fell as though they had been shc(.
Schekler and Griffith, In going to the res
cue, were caught and badly burned. When
the prostrate men were reached Miller
was dead and two of the others uncon
scious.
The loss on the exposition Jmllding will
reach $100,000, , fully Insured. President
Torrance says the structure will be re
built at once and be ready for the fall en
gagements . —
Flames Destroy a Felt Fac
tory and the Exposition
Building.
Special Dispatch to The. Call.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. 1406 G
STREET, N. W., WASHINGTON, March
17._If the view of the administration is
supported by the next Congress, the
President will be given discretionary au
thority to acquire cither the Nicaragua
or Panama canal route. Thus has the
stock of the Panama Canal risen since the
adjournment of Congress.
Several prominent members of the Sen
ate Foreign Relations Committee favor
the idea of empowering the President to
choose the route he thinks more advan
tageous, although the bill which passed
the House and was pending before the
Senate during the last session provided
for the adoption of the Nicaragua project.
Secretary Hay requested Mr. Sllva. the
Colombian Minister, to Bubmlt a formal
memorandum, embodying verbal pro
posals regarding the American acquisition
of the Panama canal route which were
submitted a few days ago.
It has practically become a case of
Colombia bidding against Nicaragua and
Costa Rica, with the United States acting
as both purchaser aad auctioneer. The
situation Is. therefore, such that this Gov
ernment will obtain the most advan
tageous terms. It is believed the arrange
ments would be still more favorable to
the United States if the bill to be enacted
should place in the President's hands .the
choice of the two routes. The authorities
understand there is a strong probability
that Congress will abrogate the Clayton-
Bulwer treaty.
PITTSBURE FIRE
COSTS ONE LIFE
Foreign Belations Committee Said to
Favor the Proposition to Allow
the Executive Privilege
of Selection.
President May Have a Choice
Between Nicaragua and
.Panama.
CANAL ROUTES
IN THE BALANCE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MARCH 18, 190 1.
, London .'ice "dealers r get "much of their I
stock from ships which; bring it from 'the I
mountain lakes of Norway.
Immense Tract for Settlers.
PHOENTX. Ariz., March 17.— By act of
the last Congress the Algodones tract,
containing nearly 50,000 acres of land, be
low Yuina will De opened to settlers to
morrow. Much of the land is very valu
able and most of It has been filed upon.
3
j^ Next to purity, the yeast used in brewing is of the £||
r*& Ltmost importance in beer.. Perfect beer requires a *$
perfect yeast, and rarely does a brewer find it. S|/
{£Tjg The Schlitz brewery introduced chemically pure |-L
gg veast in America. It has made Schlitz beer the most Ec£
rq*" palatable, healthful beer that is brewed. ' . tm
h&$ The original mother cells form a priceless asset. fjgh
All the yeast used in Schlitz beer forever will be devel- fjK
r[| oped from them. As a result Schlitz beer will never |pg
5^ vary, and g^^i^^^^^sijim^^^^f EsSr
!¦& there'll never M^UJl^^J^^^^S B&P
lJEj? u~ « „ f U n f pl£1s£j*M&G*&!*tt5&E@uS$&S 'Phone Main 447 ttf \\
••*•¦ be a n o t n c r f^ifF^Wfrj^fig^^j Sherwood & p\r
'J\\m K /»/> r 1 i lv C mS^SMMSSB^BiMMMBSBSSm Sherwood r-A-j
Ai ~ ,,. ffi^CTWraWOT C12-14 Market St. ES
s^ Schlitz. §Qa&&^££^s^^^^^w J^fJ^I^"! 50 . 0^- §5£
M Let this remind you that it doesn't
U take much money to dress well. •
H The man on a salary, the man with mod- F§
if erate mean-, the man who must make his dol- n
H lars count, is the man whD his an interest in our -g
H $10 made-to-order suit?. |1
H He can dress neaiy at all times at a mini- ||
H mum cost, because he gets values for every ||
H cent of his money. ||
U The sui: fits like a high-priced suit, and as ||
m • for wear we claim it will wear as wel as any ¦
B $i^ suit of any make about town. M
y We >. substantiate our claim by agreeing to S
H keep the suit in repiir free for a yea". It takes &t
M a preity good suit a: $15 to wear a year. g
g Hadn't you better get our samples? Come S
8 in ard look over our spring patterns. ||
tiM Suits for out-of-town customers satisfactorily made through oyr ?5AT HOTEL. DEL. CORON'ADO ths geatan Is
now on at f u II ,' tide, -i- American , and Europsaa
plans. '/ J*«at of | everything. ; Including tb» char
acter oi entertainment. Apply 4 New Montsom
«ry *V,' city, for epecial ticket. • . -
ST. .PATRICK'S DAY dawned this year upon
an Irish people well-nigh united on the chief
subject of their immediate political aspirations.
Whatever differences of opinion may exist concerning
home rule, there are almost none upon the question
cf.establishing a peasant proprietorship of Irish land-;.
That much was made evident by. the recent debate
upon the question in Parliament. Not only did all'
the Nationalists support the measure but many.Union
ists did so, and the London Times Has 'said that suciv;
Unionists as vbtefcj with ihe Governmentvvere induced
to . do so solely by Balfours appeal to them'not to
join in what would be recognized as a vote of censure.
It is therefore fair to infer that such Irish members
as voted with the Government on that occasion did so,
not because they, oppose the land purchase plan 'but
because they believe that on the whole the present
Ministry should be retained in" power. , : •
It .is ;admitted by. the leading^British papers that
the land purchase .question is. not.g;mere" repetition of
the old Irish discontents, but is 'a new phase "of Irish *
development.-.. The act carried by Gladstone in i8^r
establishing land coiuts to fix rent] rates in Ireland
has proven a failure. The land courts, in jfact, have
disturbed the relations of landlord and. tenant without:
helping either. They .have destroyed the responsibility
of the owners of the property) but have. not ' protected"" ¦
'the rights ofthe renters. In a recent speech in Parlia
ment Mf. : Redmond described the landlord in IrelariJ
LAND PURCHASE IN IRELAND.
It h noted that of the twenty-seven towns or camps
icporJed in Alaska by the census of 1900 only nin?
n-ere in existence in i3oo. Of the new places Nome
City is the metropolis. It is credited with having last
year 2 population of 12^468, and may fairly claim to
be :hc Empire City of the Midnight Sun.
The height of side protection has de
creased from 13 feet 8 Inches to H feet In
the Duncan class now buildtnjr. The qual
ity of armor has passed from, compressed
to Harveylzed and Krupp and has kept
well In advance of tho guns, and the bat
tleships now under construction for the
several navies are undoubtedly less liable
to be destroyed by projectiles than those
built with the Inflexible in 1S81. ' ?i .
CONTINUED COMMERCIAL ACTIVITY.
TRADE last week stood about as it did the pre
ceding week. There was the same activity in
iron, recalling il.e boom of 1S89, the same good
¦ retail irade throughout the West, Xorthwest^and;
South, the same strength in lumber and the s^me'la's
5?tude in' woolen and cotton fabrics. There was noth
ing going 0:1 in Wall street worthy of extendel
mention, prices ruling; strong with a number of ad
vance*, though the peblic were not in it and thi
professionals had the market pretty much to them
tclves. Purchasing cf the-bestiuui safest bonds and
'stocks lor' dividends contimieS 0 the feature of the
street, which is a very good Mgn. The money market
continv.cd easy, the disbursement of some $25,000,003
in dividends and the .'•nnounccmfnt of an enormous
quantity of gold in the United States treasury pointing
to a plethora rather 1'ian a scarcity. The amount was
$^8.2.91^,000. against 54 16.2 18,000 on the same date lasf
year, the amotir.t now on hand breaking all previou
records. The increase in the gold holdings of Axw
Government during. thi past year ha« been $65,654,800.
and is still going on at the rate of about $5,000,000
per month, though it will decrease when the new rev
enue law goes into effect. In view of this immense
supply of gold and the continued increase in railroad
earnings it is pretty hard. to muster any bear ¦feelinp:
in Wall street. The bank clearings, too, continue to
add their influence .0 the bullish sentiment.'.'tbe In
crease last week over the corresponding we'ek in 190.)
being 30.7 per cent, and every city of any consequence
except Minneapolis showed a gain. The failures- are
, still exceeding those of ipoo, however, those' for the
week being 217, again'st 100 last year. • .- • ..
The main feature of the* week was the upward turn
in wheat, which advanced fclightly every day during
ihe latter half, under the influence of the Government
report, which showed 30,000,000 bushels less in farm
ers' hands than a year ago, and decreased shipments
from the Argentine. Foreign exporters came out -of
their holes and began. to buy, and it looked as if the
export business had again acquired steerage way.' 'Th»
raw wool situation, too, seemed to be clearing, sale»
being larger, Eastern stocks smarter and declining and
the foreign markets stronger. The shortage of cars
throughout the country which has lately been disas
trous to the California orange trade accentuated thi
reports of an active railroad movement The West
reported an active market for dry goods and clothing,
and the New England boot and shoe factories liberal
orders, some of them having their full capacity en
gaged up to September, while leather continues firm
and active. But the iron trade still leads all others,
as it has done for several years. The steel; mills^are
away behind in their orders, and the greatV-develop
ment of the oil industry throughout the country is
causing an active demand for pipe and drilling mate
rial. Steel rail contracts are being increased and the
railroads are ordering additional rolling stock. AM
these conditions indicate great commercial activity in
the United States. ¦ Apparently the immense improve
ment in business which followed the first election for.
President McKinley has not. yet passed its zenith,
though nobody expected that it would last as long as
it has... . . x-'It't '¦¦- .
Locally there is nothing new. San Francisco re-.
, fleets the prosperity of the East in most' liries bf
- merchandise^and produce. Even the dried fruit mar
ket is picking up, an.1 for a fortnight or "more "then
has been an active demand for prunes at Eastern
centers, which, if it continues, will mean much' to o
number of important agricultural districts around the
bay. Wheat jind prunes have for months been the
dullest articles of farm produce in the list, and their
awakening into activity may be the herald of increased
life all along the line. Certainly the crop. prospects
could not be more brilliant, and as money continues
in large supply at easy rates,- the general expectation
of a prosperous year seems well founded. ' •
MONDAY... ......MARCH 18, 1901
JOHN D. SPRECKELS. Proprietor. ' '-
Addresi All CemauiutiKS to W.'B.' LEAKE, Hanagtr.
MANAGER'S OFFICE Telephone Press 2(M
ri'DL.ICATIO>* OFFICE. ..Market and Third. S.' F.
Telephone Press 201. '
KDITORIAL, ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson St.
Telephone Press 202.
Delivered by Carriers, 15 Cents Per Week.
Mnclp Copies. 5 Cents.
Terns by Mall. Inclndlnsr Postages
PAILT CALL (including Sundajr). one year $6.00
TAILT CALL (Including Sunday), fi months S.OO
PAILT CALT. (Including: Sundav). 3 months 1.59
PAILT CALL-Br Single Month 65c
FUNDAY CALL. One Year 1-50
WEEKLY CALU One Year 1-00
All postmasters are authorized to receive
¦abicrlptlonii.
Sample copies will be forwarded when requested.
Mall subscribers In ordering chanire of address should be
particular to slve both KEWAN'D OLD ADDRESS In order
to insure «. prompt and correct compliance with their request.
OAKLAND OFFICE..... ....... Broadway
C. GEORGE KROGN'ESS. -
Xuirer Forsiga Airartisii;. Karaaitt) BuiKing. Chic»g9.
<Lcn» Distance Telephone "Central 2619.")
NETC YORK OORRESPOXDrNT:
C. C. CAHLTOX " Herald Sqnare
!fEW YORK r.EmESENTATIVE:
STEPIIEX D. SMITH 30 "rlbnne Building
N'DW TORK NI S STANDS:
tVaiaorf-AFtcrla Hotel; A. . Crentano. ,31 Vnlon ' Square :
CHICAGO NEWS STAXDS:
Ekmr.«n House: P. O. N>«« Co.: Great Northern Hotel:
Trvmont House: Auditorium Hotel.
WASHIXGTOX (D. C.) OFFICE. . . .14OG « St.. X. W.
MORTOX K. CRAMS. Correspondent.
IIH *>ni OFFICES £27 Montgomery, corner of Clay, open
until S:3C o'clock. 3C9 Hayes, cpen until 3:S0 o'clock. €73
McA'.i!5ter. cpen until 9. TO o'clock. «15 Larkln. open until
!rrs o'clock. 1941 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 2?61 Market,
ccmer Sixteenth, open until 5 o'clock. 1C9S Valencia, open
yntll S o'clock. 106 Eleventh, cpen until 9 o'clock. . NX cor
rer Ttv»nty-*econd and Kentuckv. open until 9 o'clock. •
to-do even, tapers rolled from old news
papers were constantly employed In light
ing lamps and starting fires, to husband
the high priced matches. To increase the
consumption of the match company's pro
duct it must be sold for less money, and
yet there must remain a profit.
Mr. Barber has toiled all his life at the
task of improving methods of manufactur
ing matches. Notwithstanding the won
derful success which has attended his ef
forts in this direction, he is still striving
to make further Improvements In the
matches turned out by millions by the
corporation of which he is the head.
Making the World's Matches.
When the Diamond Match Company was
organized in 1SS1 Mr. Barber, because of
his commanding position in the trade, was
made the president of the corporation. He
still occupies that position. A small num
ber of Independent match companies were
brought under one management In the be
ginning. The greatest growth of the busi
ness has been in the wonderful extension
which the Diamond Match Company has
made. In addition to Its commanding po
sition in the United States its enormous
trade and its profitable holdings, includ
ing vast pine forests worth millions of
dollars, the company has built factories
in many foreign countries. It was Presi
dent Barber who secured Government
concessions and privileges in Europe
which are of very great value, The court
esy and business , shrewdness which he
found essential to success as a salesman
of matches to country storekeepers In
Ohio many years ago have stood him in
good stead in these far greater transac
tions with foreign governments of later
days.
The making of matches r.ow has been
reduced to a point that Is positively mar
velous, largely through O. C. Barber's in
creasing efforts, his disposition to be en
tirely satisfied with nothing and his un
failing belief that further improvements
are always possible. To-day blocks of
wood are fed into a machine and come out
finished matches. Great sheets of straw
board are fed into another machine and
are" delivered in the shape of finished
match boxes.
Combating Hatch-Makers' Malady.
- In the mlddlo history of match manu
facturing phosphorus poisoning was the
bane of the business. The disease— for
such It was— often resulted In death, and,
if not that, at least in the removal of a
part or. all of Ihe afflicted person's jaw
bone. Mr. Barber undertook, years asm,
to remove this curse and thus lessen the
danger to his employes. The Diamond
Match Company now pays a'high salary
to an expert dentist who gives all his time
to examinations of the teeth and gums of
its workmen, seeing to it that they are
sound and well cared for. The company's
shops are ventilated with the greatest
care by a system more complete, it is as
serted, than that used In any other line
of manufacturing, so that the fumes from
the chemicals used— especially the phos
phorus fumes— may be quickly carried off
and thus rendered harmless. By these
precautions th* number of cases of-phos
phorus poisoning has been reduced of late
years by more than 90 per cent.
Mr. Barber, who has been 111 himself
scarcely a day in his whole life, takes a
great Interest In the Akron City Hospital
and has plans in view for many improve
ments in that institution. At this time an
offer made by him to give the hospital
$100,000 is pending, while other citizens
are' subscribing $15,000 to pay the hospi
tal's debt, the only conditions he Imposed
in his proposition thus, to aid the charity.
Growth of Barberton.
The town of Barberton takes much of
Its founder's time. Every year he Is there
to make -the Fourth of July address at
the annual celebration. He has given, a
library to the town and has subscribed
most generously to other public under
takings. ¦ He has secured many factories
for the little city and is proud of Its
growth. "Some day we shall annex Ak
ron," he Is fond of saying. "There Is not
an old man In our city. We are in our
infancy now."
His faith In Barberton Is shown by his
large investments there in many lines, of
manufacturing and in real estate. The
tract of 360 . acres . on . which he Intends
building: a handsome residence to he sur
rounded by a park cost him $66,500 tho last
year. It was Mr. Barber's intention at
the beginning to establish at Barberton
a great factory for the manufacture of
soda ash. • Before his plan took definite
shape, however, he had interested himself
in a- similar enterprise near Cleveland
But he decided to build up Barberton in
eplte of his change of plan. Slowly at
first, then more and more rapidly, as he
placed factory after factory upon his
farm land, a town grew up. There is
every prospect that, when Its founder
shall look over Barbfrton In years to
come from his. new home on the hilltop.
It will be worthy of the name of city. Al
ready it has surpassed his expectations,
but, as is characteristic of him, he 13 not
and will not be content to have It stop
growing.
Mr. -Barber. married Miss Anna Brown
of Akron when a young man. Her death
occurred several years ago. He has one
daughter. Anna, the wife of Dr. Arthur
Bevan of Chicago.
ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
THE PARIS— H. R., Raymond, Cal. Th
steamer Paris of the American line, after
being taken off the rocks, was rebuilt in
1300 and is now running: In that line as the
Philadelphia. , . , .
OCEANIC AND . DEUTSCHLAND-II
P. M.; City. The dimensions of the steam
m ? C Jf» a K ni^ a .K e: H 11 *^ 11 3" f eet - breadth
68. depth 44; those or the Deutschland arc-
Length 686^ feet, breadth 67%. depth 44.
of^™ 1^ WARI >-H. R-. Raymond,
Cal. This department. cannot inform you
why Captain Ward was placed in com
mand or the Rio after . having been in
command of such vessels as the China
M SSS& £'. £583 H3
ZEBRA-M. G. p.. city. The zebra is
a wl id animal of /Africa, somewhat re
sembllng an ass. but larger. The animal
resembles the ass more lhan it doe^ thi
horse. The tall is furnished with f Ion!
hair only at' the. tip and the hind lew
are without warts. It has slender limH
?** "arrow hoofs head light, ears raSer
THE LEGISLATIVE SESSION.
WITH something. of gratification the people. of
California can review the proceedings of the
- recent session of the Legislature and compare
them with the proceedings of. former sessions.. There
has been this year no disturbance of legislative work
by Senatorial contests or by county division scheme;.
There have been no rc&ndals of a serious nature, and
hardly even any intimations of bribery and corruption.
The utmost of that, kind that has appearedhas Keen
in the nature "of signs of an eagerness on the '"part
of some of the legislators to obtain money for their
votes, but no evidence has b'een forthcoming to justify
suspicion that they received it. • , ' ¦• »¦
Taken as a whole,/ tht "Work of' the session has
been well done, and /in many, respects it has beei
important work. '* The Ratification of the lease of China
Basin to the Santa 'Fc. Railroad, the passage" of the
code revision bills," the 'adoption of a" primary law,
the appropriation of $250,000 for/the University of Cal
ifornia for the next biennial period, and the vote of
an equal sum for the purchase of the Big Basin red
wood forest, are each and all of them measures which
deal with great issues of State politics and will be of
lasting good to the community. Thus, while there has
been little evil to complain of, there has been' much
genuine work to note with satisfaction.
• There will, of course, be differences of opinion con
cerning the relative merits of the measures, adopted.
That much was made evident by the reviews of the
session furnished to The Call by leaders ofsthe Senate^
and of the-Xssemblyiand published yesterday. "Thus
Senator Davis says that while the large majority of
the dominant party "might have invited recklessness
or extravagance, no session has been freer from scan
dals and no session has accomplished more in the way
of positive legislation." He went on to say: 1 "The
general appropriation bill has cut off all needless ex
pense of maintenance in the public service, and the
State tax rate is the lowest in many a year." On the
other side, W. F. Cowan, who represents the minority,
says: "Extravagance has been the keynote for the
majority of the members. Very few bills or. resolu
tions carrying appropriations have met with defeat.
The barriers of the Bclshaw act were let down and
attaches came in swaYms." • •- •-:,,•
Another difference 'of opinion appears in the judg
ment^ upon the primary election law. 'Senatpr Davis
says: "Every effort has been made to frame an hones*,
primary law, and I. it is believed the -bill passed will,
if it be approved, make it possible for political decency
to. control the organizations of both political -parties
in .the. large- centers of. population and ior the San
Francisco delegation in our State conventions to be
something more than a bunch of asparagus tied by
a string in the hands of a boss." On the other, hand,
Mr. Cowan says: "The test adoptedabsolutely vitiates
the bill, and it will be with poor grace that the Repub
lican party^may lay claim to "any glory for reform in
this direction."
Such differences of opinion are largely due to par
tisan points of view. ; : Mr.Gowan'natufally : seeks in
the action of the session for such material as can be
used, in campaigning against the Republican party.
He is quite right in condemning the excessive number
of employes put upon the payrolls of both the Senaje
and the Assembly.. Whether his objections to/ the
primary law are valid remains to\be!seen. Untifit
lias been tried before the Supreme Court and in prac
tical operation no one can accurately judge its merits.
Meantime it is gratifying to have such a biira'dopted.
Altogether the most important development of the
session is that brought out by Senator: Smith in the
statement: , "A notable feature 'of .the treridof legisla
tion is found in the ; increasing demands upon* ths
public treasury for public improvements. 'The. ini*
pounding V)f debris,. the improvement of navigation
and drainage, the 'storage and conservation of water
for irrigation, the purchase of forests for recreation
grounds and the construction of public highways arc
but a. portibn,of the subjects, proposed,; and in -each
case urged with great vigor by at least a portion of
the people." • .'
/These are indeed the chief issues that confront Cali
fornia, and it is inevitable r they should soon become
the* main questions of State politics. -To properly. deal
with them ' it ; will be necessary for the people to ) elect
to the ¦Legislature." men /of -progressive' ideas, genuine
patriotism V and; a high'r degree, of statesmanship. It
cannot be questioned that we have .in- California men
vQ'uite' competent to'. solve* all the problems such issues
present, nor can it be doubted that the people have
sufficient intelligence to /elect: such men as soon a*
it /.becomes . recognized that their services are needed.
Consequently we can look forward to an improvement
in politics as well as in; other things; from the .appear-'
arice'of these problems in the 'field of State legislation.
., The outlook : is. therefore brigiity* We liave begun
A h J? n e .w cehtury,;by a legislative session -without scan
dals and without "any/controversies that leave* behind
them bitterness - and ili-will. Democrats will, of
course, find cause for denouncing; the majority, 'but.
on the whole; the 'Republican party, can safely/.chal
lenge comparison between ;the work of this^ session
arid that of any under Democratic control..
Ohio C. Barber.
PAPERS ON CURRENT TOPICS.
Prepared by Expert's and Specialists for
.»,.";,. ~"The;San Francisco Call. . ,.¦
Fifth Article of Series on "The Opportu
nity and the Man," Dealing With the
By James A. Braden.
COPYRIGHT, 190L A-:'
V.— OHIO C. BABBEB.
. "Barberton!" cry the brakemen on Ere
and Baltimore and Ohio railway trains as
they reach a'.bustllng. Ohio town" of 50C0
inhabitants 300 miles east cf Chicago. '
"There was nothing but a cow pasture
and meadows and swamps . here . a littl?
more than ten years ago," is the Informa
tion the local passenger is likely -to give
to the stranger in the car seat beside him.
"Earberton Is' a remarkable town now.
Those big brick .buildings which we just
passed are the works , of the : Dlamon J
Match Company, the largest of the kind
in the world. Hi Barber founded the com
pany and founded " Barberton, which Is
named for him.' 4 His full name isn't
Hiram; as one 'would think, since his
•friends call him 'Hi,' but Ohio C— plain
O. C. Barber.'he writes it." ;
: It is as the ''father of Barberton," a pio
neer iih match manufacturing and a rich
and benevolent man that" Mr. 'Barber is
widely,- known. Akron was ¦ his boyhood
home and Barberton Is eight miles south
west of Akron. Fifty years ago in hid
fathers barn. he was xplitting little sticks
by hand and dipping ihem in sulphur to
make the crude matches of that day. As
l>oy and man he has developed an enor
mous business and. now manes and sells
matches all over the worldi Physically
Mr. Barber Is tall, broadrshouldered an-i
muscular. His eyes are large and appear
eyebrows. They and the drooping cprner^
severely searching, under heavy, dark
of his large, nrm mouth and indented,
slightly protruding chin, give him a look
of power- which' the most casual observer
cannot fail to notice. ¦ ¦ .
iron-gray hair, his heavy gray mus
tache and the lines about his mouth and
eyes mark him as no longer young, al
though he does not look as old as his
eixty years. Most persons would guess his
age to be 50. Notwithstanding his aus
tere look he is one of the most approach
able of, men.,. His .waya are democratic.
As he walks about Akron he continually
recognizes and greets the friends of his
youth. and early manhood as well as t\e
machinists In his shops. His Akron resi
dence on Market street, near the business
center of the city, is far less pretentious
than others near it — a plain, three-story
brick house on a lot no larger than suit
ably accommodates It. He lives alone
When he is away the three or four ser
vants have the big house to themselves
and Its outward appea'wice gives no sign
In oneway or the other as to whether the
master is in Akron or Europe. The house
Is richly but simply furnished. The li
brary bears evidence that its owner Iike3
books— that he is interested in economic
subjects, but- reads i.iurj; else as well,
newspapers,- however,' Caking the place of
fiction. Yet Mr. Barber reads novels some
times. He. especially admires Ernest Se
ton-Thompsbn's wild animal stories.
Beginnings of a Great Business.
Ohio C. Barber was only 8 years old
when he was set to work making splints
for the manufacture of matches in his
.father's , barn, at Middiebury. now a par;
of Akron. His father was Ueorse Barber,
a poor man, but awake to the needs of his
day and generation, is his son has been
after him. This characteristic in the elder
Barber led him to begin tho manufacture
of matches on a scale as erreat as hH
means would permit, about 184.0. In those
days the lucifers were made by a gang
of 'fine circular saws, so that when the
operation was completed the strips resem
bled a 'double-edged, coarse-toothed comb.
.The open ends of the strips having been
dipped in a composition made principally
of sulphur-;-*.- slow-ournlng, expensive
match was secured by 3awlng through the
center of the comb lengthwise and sepa
rating the teeth toy splitting each - from
the main body. In the beginning th-j
matches had been marketed without be
ing split apart, because of tho theory that
they would ignite themselves if packea
more closelr.
There was not much play for little Ohio
Barber. He went' to school when there
was a school to which he could go, but
his holidays and odd hours were spent
in the primitive match factory- His
father, though a man of little learntng,
had the foresight to know that his busi
ness,' unless calamities befell, some day
must be of such proportions as to require
a. manager possessing a fair, education.
So he hired other help and sent his boy
to school. But young Ohio was -an en
thusiast In the business of making
matches and even as a boy had many
ideas about - improving the methods of
their manufacture. He was only 16 when
his father agreed with him that he could
read and write and cipher sufficiently
well, to permit of his giving his time en
tirely to business. However, the learn
ing he had was too valuable to permit
.of the -lad- being employed at common
labor .in the shop and tho father was
able to do all that was necessary in work
requiring skill. Young Barber, therefore,
was provided with a horse and covered
wagon and put uppn the road as a trav
eling salesman. His territory included
all of Ohio. He sold the product of his
father's little shop to country merchants
and dealers in the larger towns and
cities. His industry and success as a
f.i losnian brought more work for .tho. fac
tory and from time to time additions
were made to the force of workmen and
to the Investment in machinery.. ..
How Progress Was Brought About.
"We are too plow, father," the young
salesman said upon returning from one
of his strips. "We must make matches
by ; some faster -process,,, and we must
make use wherever we -can of the rail
roads that are being built, to get our
goods into the hands of the wholesalers
and retailers more quickly. We shall
have to confine ourselves to the. whole
sale trade before long."
The elder Barber < agreed with his son.
who picked up ideas rapidly during busi
ness trips. He had already made some Im
provements In the method of match manu
facturing, and father and son worked' to
gether to make still others. They suc
ceeded, and year after year .the business
prew.*-. When- the son was 24 years old— In
1865— the Barber Match Company was or
ganized, and the business was removed to
largo' brick- building in Akron. Ohio C.
Barber was . made secretary of the com
pany.* His acquaintance with the trade
in Ohfo and elsewhere made his services
especially valuable. It was not long be
fore he was at the head of the business.
"Wejrnu&t make matches more econom
ically and sell them at lower prices to In
crease* the business," was the thought
constantly in the young man's mind. All
people. now in middle life or older will re
member with what excellent reasons he
took this view of tho situation. Matches
were a'luxury. In the homes of the well-
PERSONAL MENTION.
"William N. Russ, a .'cattleman'.; of Eu
reka, is at the Lick.,
: Dr.yJ. D. Dameron of Stockton Is a
guest 'at the Grand. * -. " ."
Abe::Haines, a merchant of 'Madison,
Cal... Js at the, Grand.
1 G.'B. McCordi a hotel man of Hanford,*
is staying at, the^ Grand.
¦ Dr. ' Melville VWassermann I of New York
is a late arrival at the Palace.
: O. ' j/ Woodward, a. banker of Fresno, is
among the guests at the; Lick. ;'
J.= B.\Estee, an insurance ; mari . of . Mil
waukee, is registered ¦ at the . California. I
I.'N.-JVan Nuys, the hotel owner of Los
Angeles.- Is registered at the Palace with
his wife. . •
Herbert Swift, the pork-packer of. Chi
cago,*; lp;a,t' the Palace; with his wife and
son.XThey. have come to this coast on' a
pleasure trip. \ '..
WORLD'S NAVAL NEWS
France Is" clearing its effective list of
vessels that have outlived their useful
ness, the latest removals being *wo tor
pedo-boats, of which the Lansquenet was
built In 1893 and the Bouet-Willatfmuex In
1SS3. - "¦:' :; - ;
• • ¦ •
Germany's naval expenditures are now
more than five times the sum of twenty
eight years ago. In 1S93 the total was
only $6,500,000. rising to $12,500,000 in 1SS9. to
$27,780,000 in 1808 and for 1300 Increased to
$07,310,000.
¦' ?*¦ • "i "• O • -
. The two vessels purchased by Ecuador
from France were the gun vessels Papln
and Inconstant of 891 tons and thirteen
knots speed. They were built In 1SS6 and
as their hulls are. chiefly wood they are
too far gone to be of any value as naval
vessels.
• • •
One of the softest naval billets held bv
an officer is that of Vice Admiral J. R. T.
Fullerton. who has had command of the
royal yacht Victoria and Albert since Oc
tober. 1SS4. In a recent audience with the
King it was arranged that the gaUant ad
miral was to relinquish his command
shortly, and a former commander of tha
yacht would be selected as his successor.
• • •
The fireproof ed wood used In American
ships of war Is reported to meet. all the
requirements. Samples were recently
taken from the torpedo-boat "U'lnslow,
built four years ago. and piece3 placed in
a stove for some length of time were only
slightly charred. Splinters held over a
Bunsen burner withstood the Came, no
ash forming.' W
• • •
King Edward is the ninth King of
England to become the Lord High Admi
ral of the British navy- Alfred the Great
held offlce and performed It* duties
from A. D. 872 to 900 and thence up to
1216 seven Kings were Lord Hleh Admi
rals, since which time, up to the present,
no British monarch has headed the naval
list of Great Britain. » . -
The Myrmidon, torpedo-boat destroyer,
just completed at the Palmer yard for tha
British navy, made her triais last month
with good results Developing €623 horse
power with 379.4 revolutions, the boat
made 30.124 knots, and a few days later
when the engines were not bo hard pushed
the speed averaged 30.239 knots for three
hours on 6303 horsepower. The contract
called for 6500 horsepower and 30 knots
speed.
Three battleships will be placed in com
mission In the German navy during tha
latter part of the present year. They are
of the. Kaiser class of 11,000 tons and
were begun and launched In, the following
order: Kaiser Wilhelm der Grosse. lai>l
down In November, 1SS7, launched June 1.
1829; Kaiser liarbarossa, begun August 3,
1S03. launched April 14, J300. and Kaiser
Karl der Grosse, keel laid In July. 1SD0.
floated in June, 1S99.
Twelve first class torpedo-boats building
at Elbing are ready for launching as socn
as the Ice . disappears. They are of VS
tons, 23 knots speed and carry three
twelve-pounders and three revolving deck
torpedo tubes. A third division of six
boats is in progress of construction and a
fourth will bo begun during the present
year. These boaU are Intended for sea
going service and are claimed to be supe
rior to the British torpedo-boat destroyers
in every particular,' including speed. I
. '¦¦- • • •
Trial trips In the British navy rarely
pass off without some accident more or
less serious to the machinery, the latest
being that of the battleship Implacable.
The trial under 12.000 horsepower came to
an abrupt end on February 13 through the
heating of the connecting- rod- of the low
pressure cylinder of the port engine, an-i
necessitated the ship's return to the dock
yard to nuke repairs. The Implacable
has still to develop 15.000 horsepower dur
ing a four hours' full power trial.
¦ r ~- . .•.¦•.•
The Russian cruiser Eogatyr was
launched from the "Vulcan yard. Stettin.
Germany, on January 30 last. ' She Is one
of a type of ten practically alike in gen
eral characteristics, but will have greater
speed than her predecessors. The/ vessel
is of 6730 tons on a draught of 21 feet 10
Inches with 720 tons of coal on board, and
her engines of 20.000 horsepower are cal
culated to give a. speed of 23 knots. The
battery, consisting of twelve six-inch,
twelve three-Inch and six three-pounders,
are all quick-firers, and her complement
numbers 573, of which twenty-three are of
ficers.
• • •
The advance made In armor protection
of ships during the past twenty years Is
indicated in a late number of Engineering,
which has tabulated the progressive,
stages In the British navy since the In
flexible was launched. In : the tabulated
comparison the second column gives th«
total weight of armor/ tne third column
the percentage which the armor is of the
ship's displacement, the fourth column In
dicates the length, of belt, and the last
column shows the percentage of the ship's
length protected: ¦_'-. J
under; the. Gladstone act, as "a , nondescript Jrent
charger hovering about in a state of suspended ani
mation," and the phrase \ struck the popular fancy,, as
being so accurate that :t has been frequently quoted. ¦•)
Since the attempt to settle land quesions by land
courts having authority to fix rents has failed there
seems nothing left but to buy; out the landlords and
sell the land' in "small tracts" to the" people.". ' Mr. Red
mond argued that -since "compulsion", has.rbeen -al- :
ready applied to. the landlord to compel "him 'to rent
his land at reasonable charges there can be nothing
revolutionary in applying compulsion to make him
sellhis land, and as for the cost to the Government
of buying the property he said: "You are spending
over two millions a week on a devastating war, and
it would be better to spend it in ending the long war
over Irish land and bringing peace and tranquillity to
the country." ¦ ¦¦'*'. ¦'.', ! . ; , ,
Redmond was*; supported by, a ; strong speech from
T. W. Russcl, who represents Tyrone ancT'isione ;of
the strongest Unionists in ; Ireland.";- Intfact,* as has
been stated, all parties in Ireland appear to 1 be virtu^
ally agreed upon this question. ; *
The o'bjections that have been made to the scheme
are that the great bulk of Irish lands are of such
a nature they could not be successfully cultivated by
peasant proprietors. It is said that small owners could
not drain the swamps and f that, while Ireland is m
need of additional forests," peasant proprietors ¦ wpulr*
cut down what forests 'remain;' In other words, ( it is
argued. that Ireland would^e^be&ex 'offjiffher. landk
were in the hands' of 'richer capitalists instead of
poorer.. : :' ¦¦''¦:[¦*•. '. ¦* ¦ ¦'*.:" ¦-•' .'. "--'': ' ,,¦ !'
' It is hardly to-be doubted that in the-end victory
will be with the advocates of peasant proprietorship.
A united people rarely fail in achieving what they
resolutely work for. For once the Irish people pre
sent that unity and' resolution, and accordingly their
prospects of success are bright. i
THE RACE TRACK VETO.
yvyi AYOR PHELAN, by vetoing the Ingleside
I V track gambling ordinance; has saved the city
from the curse which menaced it. He has
prevented the resumption of an evil which in tim;s
past brought. . upon the community every form of
crime' from petty larceny' to suicide, and . which, .'if
tolerated/. would, undoubtedly have produced. similar
results in the future. By his action the Mayor has
. ¦ «i ¦ *-• -¦ . : ' - . ¦•¦,,
upheld the morality* and the well-being of the city,
and in this connection deserves the commendation of
all good citizens. . • ";
There is -the more reason for a public expression
of approval of the Mayor's action because it has
brought upon him the condemnation of many who
have heretofore posed as. his friends and of all those
who expected to profit by the reopening of gambling
at Ingleside. These men have impugned the. Mayor's
motives in vetoing the ordinance and are endeavoring
to discredit the action by every means in their power.
Against such assaults the voice of the better elements
of the community should be heard in protest.
The Call does not pretend to be able to penetratq
the Mayor's heart and discern his motives, nor, so fa
as the public interest is concerned, does it matter what
his motives were. Whether his action was designed
•for political purposes, for personal advancement or
for "any form of self-interest; matters nothing. The
one thing of importance to the people is that he has
prevented track gambling at Ingleside and has main
tained the cause of morality, and good government.
It is well known The Call has not been a supporter
of Mayor Phelan. It has criticised him unsparingly
in the public interests and has condemned every action
of his which it deemed prejudicial to the welfare of th:
community. That antagonism which The Call ha?
hefd toward the Mayor's general policy and toward
many of his particular measures does not, however,
blind it to the merit of his present action. In this
instance, at any rate, he has acted wisely. He has set
aside the claims of those who have been acting with
him and has championed the cause of the, whole
people. The Call, though a steadfast political oppo
nent, will never permit partisanship to prevent it from
acknowledging the worth of any official who does his
duty to the public; and therefore, in the name of the
better elements of the* community, it says to, .Mayor
Phelan: In vetoing the race track gambling ordinance
you luve'donc well.
THE ENFORCEMENT OF LAW.
DESPITE the ordinance of this city forbidding
track 'gambling at Inglesidc certain men claim
¦ ing to represent the wealth and respectability
of the State, and making the further claim of actin.7
in xite interest of honest sport and of horse breeding,
deliberately violated the law on Saturday by holding
a racing meeting at Inglesidc and sanctioning ponl
'feJliri.g"a"ri9?b<^.k'making in the inciosure. These same
in en have "announced positively that they will hold a
racing meeting at Tanioran Park to-day, nbtwitltttind*
ing the fact that the law of San Mateo County forbioj;
any such- meeting.
Such are the facts iliit confront the officers of the
law in this county an j in San -Matco.' The violation
was dorc defibcfately'urthis'cojirity" on Saturday. A
signed statement by Mayor Pjlelan, published in an
other column this morning, asserts that the me.i who
held the racing at Ingleside track on that day were
informed on Friday that the ordinance permitting
poolsclling and bookmaking within that inclosure had
hcen VctocH* '"Notwithstanding; that knowledge; re
ceived" directly from' the- Mayor himself, they went
forward with their illegal programme. They now pro
pose to show an cquil contempt of law in San Mateo
County. •
The duties of the. officers of the law under such
circumstances 1 are clear. The guilty parties, should
be. arrested, brought into court and evidence furnished
to convict them. It is to be borne in mind that th:
persons -'wbo are morally and legally most guilty are
i«ot clerks and other: subordinate persons but the men
who control the track and who direct and carry out
the.; violation of the law. The fact that those men
are rich should not be sufficient to enable them to
escape the penalty of their actions. This is not a
government which has one law for. the rich and an
other for the poor. It is a land where laws' apply
equally to all, and the officers will be negligent of
their ;'drty and false to their oaths if they arrest a
icvi poor, men 'in .."the employ of the rich violators of
the law and .leave., the employers to go scot-free.
" The people of this and of San Mateo County have
enacted ordinances forbidding bookmaking and pool
selling within their limits. Certain men well known
to the officials have sjready violated the law in this
city and purpose to violate that of San Mateo. Is it
too .much to expect that every "one of those parties
shall be brought to inswer for the offense before the
bar of impartial justice? »
THE SAN FRXNCISCOcCALU MONDAY;1;MARCH 18, 1901;
4
NAME OF SHIP. •
Inflexible
Royal Sovereign
Majestic
Canopus
IVinean
if Is IS
7 3 2 ~
. 2430 ».8 115
. 2300 20.5 248
. 2790 18.7 217
. 1740 13.3 19?
. 200O 14.3 2S5 j
Hi
ill
24.3
13.3
S5.S
50.7
j 70.3
NAME OF SHIP. •
Inflexible
Royal Sovereign
Majestic
Canopus
IVinean
if Is IS
7 3 2 ~
. 2430 ».8 115
. 2300 20.5 248
. 2790 18.7 217
. 1740 13.3 19?
. 200O 14.3 2S5 j
Hi
ill
24.3
13.3
S5.S
50.7
j 70.3
BABY LAUGH
It belongs to health, for a
baby, to eat and sleep, to laugh
and grow fat
But fat comes first; don't ask
a scrawny baby to laugh; why,
even his smile is pitiful! Fat
comes first. .
• The way to be fat is the. way
to be healthy. Scott's . emul-
sion of cod-liver oil is the, prop-
er food, if he heeds it; but onlv
a little at first.
"We'll send you a little to try if yon lHte.
SCOTT & BOWNE, 4^ Pearl street, NewYori;
Choice candies. Towns*nd's. PcJaceHotal,*
CaL »lac© fruit 60c per 1b at Townsend'a.*
Special information supplied d&3y to
business houses and public men by th»
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont-
gomery st. Telephone Main 1041 •
9BS5ft^ ¦ ? ¦
It is folly to cherish old animosities la
a world where new ones are* always turn-
ing up.— Chicago .Times.
Grand Opera-hcure— "The Barber of SevilU."'
Alrszai — "The Proper Caper."
Columbia— "The Highwayman."
Alhambra— "The Angel of the Alley. *
T1vcl!-"The "Welding Day."
Central— "Colleen BsRr."
-""rntral — Iletsf nt . rwrforrnan-.e Thjrsdaj' r.lght. March SI.
¦~ul!forTi!a— "The Telephone GirJ."
.¦"r^hfu m— Vaadev.I! e.
"Mympia. earner Mason end Eddy streets— Specialties.
>utos, 7jo-> and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
, \\\ir. mia .TocUry Oub (Oa'.ii and)— Races. . ->.'¦ .».
. &nf>iran Park— Race*. ¦.'.*¦..'CHARGED WITH BfnGL.ART.-L. M. Go
¦hen. a laborer, was booked at the City Prison
yesterday by Corporal Egan pa a charge of
burplary. He Is accused of breaking: Into a
loGping-house on East street and stealing: some
rlcthlr.r.
"When President McKlnley visits thU
State next month he will not be -without
ample police protection. In addition to
the men who have' been specially selected
to protect him against any possible attack
by anarchists, cranks or other such un
necessary ar.d dangerous persons, Captala
of Detectives Seymour has decided to de
tail two cf his best men to miard th<»
President while he is In this city. Their
instructions will be not to lose si"ht of
him durlr.g his stay xi<»re and to promptly
arrest ar.y person whose actions mieht
denote that he is bent on Inflicting: injury
upon the chief executive of the United
States.
•I intend to see that President McKln
ley is cot harmed while he is in Califor
nia." eaid Captain Seymour last night.
"As soon as I receive word that he had
reared the State lino I will at once dis
patca a suitable force of men to meet
him. Their instructions will be to pie*
put the 'grafters' and rickrwekets who
invariably follow in the triumphal trio
of any noted person and either order them
to return to their homes In the East or
Uirow them into Jail. In' addition to tha
ftetectives who will be detailed to loot
cut lor the 'grafters' I Intend to select two
or my best men to protect the President
on the road and ¦while he Is in this city.
I do not think an auemnt will be made w
Injure him, but as a piecsmionary meas
ure I Intend to see that he Is closely
Bearded while he is here. When the late
ex-President Harrison was vlsitlne th's
coast we adopted the same precautions."
Captain Seymour bas not yet made up
cis mind which of his men he will honor
•with the detail of protecting the Pre*i
oent. He. however, expects to select thetn
In a few days.
CONFIRMATION services wero
held" yesterday In the Cathedral
Mission of the Good Samaritan,
on Second street, near Folsom.'
The Right Rev. Bishop Nichols
of Seated. The candidates were present
ed by the Rev. J. P. Turner, the rector In
charge of the mission. After confirming
the candidates, who had religiously pre
pared themselves for the ceremony.
Bishop Nichols addressed them on the
subject of "Duty and Patience." In his
address the Bishop instructed them re
garding the holy sacarament.. which they
The Kev. J. P. Turner Presents Candidates to Be Confirmed
'at Services Held in Cathedral Mission of the Good
Samaritan — "Duty and Patience" the Theme of Sermon
Captain Seymour's Men "Will M«t
Nation's Chief Executive and
His Party at the
Line.
Detectives to Protect Him
From Time He Reaches
the State.
PLAN TO GUARD
THE PRESIDENT
BISHOP NICHOLS ADMINISTERS
ORDINANCE OF CONFIRMATION
AT THE CONFIRMATION SERVICES HELD IN THE GOOD SAMARI
TAN MISSION BISHOP NICHOLS CONFERRED THE RITES OF
HOLY SACRAMENT UPON A SCORE OF APPLICANTS...
The best way for a feeble" millionaire to
enlarge his chest is , to carry a ' great big
heart in it/ftfBHHS8CjnHSlHSH£flnBS&£
Mon tic silo ; Club Nominations.
:. A '. meetlnir ' of i the ? Montlcello > Club > was
held ' Saturday < evening ' for, the ; pur?
poso- of nominating' ; officers and .di
rectors " ¦ to be elected ': : on . . Saturday^
March 30.' .The following 'named
were nominated: ' James,; P. .Booth, for
president;: L^ de«FY ; Bartlett, 1 vice presi
dent : '•¦ William M.' ! Maguire,' secretary ; ; L*
H. * Mooser,?. financial t secretary; Curtis
Hillyer. ' treasurer: William M. Cannonr
H. McClaughry . Dr. j Malaby . Dr." T;< B. W
Leland. W. W.,McNair, R. V. 1 Whiting and
S."V. Costello; directors. • " ,
PLEDGE THEIR TROTH
AT SUBSCRIPTION, BAIL
Miss Estelle Wangenheini's Parents
Announce Her Engagement to
Abraham Koshland. ;
The announcement of an interesting en
gagement between scions of two notab!^
Jewish families was made yesterday | by
the parents of the prospective bride.
On Saturday night there was a subscrip
tion ball at the Palace Hotel. Guests ob
served the tender glances that Abe
Koshland lavished , upon Miss - , Estelio
Wangenheim, one of the most charming
young ladles attending, but few realized
that during the evening pledges had been
exchanged by the young couple that made
them supremely happy. The secret was
soon out, however, and yesterday Mr.,
and Mrs. H. Wangenheim announced the
engagement of their daughter,; Estelle,
to Abraham Koshland of Boston.
• A merry throng of young people gath
ered at the Wanjjcnheim home, 1616 Va
llejo street, yesterday, to congratulate the
prospective bride and groom.- ' Telephone
messages flashed fast and furious over tho
line, and an impromptu reception - was
held. Both are welbknown ; in i this'city.
Mr. Koshland Is the representative -'in
Boston of the firm of S.*"Koshland & Co.,
wool merchants of this city. He is a na
tive son and a graduate of Harvard, ""-v;
Miss Wangenheim is a leader among tho
young ladies of her set, and charity with
her has been almost, a' fad. v-Her. father
is the treasurer of the San Francisco Pro
duce Exchange, and Cenjoys, a record of
which any man might be proud. 7 - -A
Mr. Koshland. too, has won a high plac-"»
In the business world./ At his :parenlj»'
home, ;180S Pine street, all is joy. Con
gratulations have poured In from all sides.
No date has yet been announced for tho
wedding. ,
AUSTRIA WOULD
BAR OUR GOODS
Indications Are That New
Tarifi Will Ee Framed
to Accomplish This.
WASHINGTON. March 17.— There is a
strong movement in Austria against th«j
importation'; of American products, ac
cording to a dispatch received at the State
Department from -United States Consul
Hossfeld at Trieste. The expiration of
the tariff treaties of Austria-Hungary in
1D02 will 'necessitate a general revision of
the customs laws of the country.and Con
sul Hossfeld. says there is certainly every
indication that the new tariff law will
be framed with a.special view- to v .pro
hibiting'the importation of American
products.-, A "major ty. of Austria's econo
mists * have : no fear of American' retalia
tion, states -the Consul, because Austria
buys from* the United States more than
she sells to her., .
In conclusion, the Consul says that pub
lic opinion certainly appears to be with
the prohibitionists, who are a -well-organ
ized and active body. ..
• The German meat inspection law, abso
lutely prohibiting the importation of
American corned ,. beef, sausages, etc..
which' went • into ; effect some time • ago
has " made no friends, . according to a ¦ re
port-received at the State Department
from United- States Consul Diedrich at
Bremen. The law has been ' the object . of
very severe criticism in Germany, ac
cording to the Consul, and one of the mo-t
pointed arguments against it is that it do
teats its avowed': purpose of promoting
public health, because the resultant prices
of meat lessen its consumption, while tha
health j of the German nation | demands an
increase.' The:, fact that ;: the meat .In
spection has put the prices up -is -.a
well-established- fact, according to Con
sul ; Diedrich, and . especially among th 3
laboring classes is the , loss of American
corned beef at a' low figure most strongly
felt,^ ..-¦ •¦..•-:-¦¦¦ ; r-s . •• — - ,¦ : .: ,•¦
ties. When the present Board of Super
visors went into office under the charter
they were confronted with an enormous
debt of $125,000 and were forced to adopt
measures of the strictest economy. At the
beginning of the fiscal year J30.000 was
made available and committees were im
mediately appointed to investigate the
water supply of the Sierras. Their report,
which is now being prepared, will show
how many sources of water supply are
open to the city and what the cost will be
to bring water from the Sierras.
"The people have always looked upon
Lake Tahoe os the favorable source of
supply, Jaut this investigation shows that
the people of Nevada are depending upon
that supply for irrigation purposes, and
that not. one gallon can be taken by us
from the lake. For us to take water from
the lake would damage the people of that
State to the extent of $4,000,000.
"If the rainfall . is not soon materially
increased the reservoirs of the Spring Val
ley Company will be exhausted within two
years. At the end of the present year that
company will have only a half-year's sup
ply on hand. When the water lowers In
the reservoirs the fish and other animal
organism will die, and this will be produc
tive of much disease."
SUPERVISOR REED FAVORS
MUNICIPAL OWNERSHIP
Addresses Social Democrats on Ad
visability of th* City Purchas
ing Public Utilities.
Supervisor Charles Wesley Reed spoke
on municipal ownership last night Rt the
Academy of Sciences under the auspices
of the Sbcial Democratic party. The main
part of his address was devoted to proving
that it would-be beneficial for the city to
purchase the existing water system or to
construct a new one. He spoke in part
as follows: ' . . '
"The new charter was framed .with
stringent provisions favorable to munici
pal ownership cf public utilities. Portions
of that document were especially devised
with a view to the purchase of such utili-
BgsraB \
DENVER. March 17. — A straight
woman's ticket from too to bottom wa3
chosen by the Prohibition convention last
nieht. 1 Not a man appears as a candidate
for any office. As a remarkable departure
from the general run of political tickets
it is the most unique ever filed to be
The convention was held at 1643 Glenarm
•street and was attended by regularly
chosen delegates of the Prohibition party.
O. A. Rinehart presided and Miss Sophia
C Jefferson acted as secretary. Rev. C.
J Hall presented the platform of the
party which, as usual, denounces the
demon rum. Then speeches were made on
the question of selecting candidates. A
motion was finally 1 made to bar the men
WILL CELEBRATE
GOLDEN JUBILEE
Anniversary of Founding of
Santa 'Clara College
Remembered.
The fiftieth anniversary of the founding
of Santa Clara College will be celebrated
March 19. The arrangements have about
been completed, and it is expected that a
large number of visitors from all parts of
the State will attend.
This being the Lenten season. It has
been deemed advisable by the fathers to
limit the affair, but a second celebration
will be held June 1. Three days have
been selected in which the efforts of the
Jesuit fathers will be commemorated.
The celebration on Monday next will be
commenced with a high mass, which will
be celebrated by the Rev. Father Frieden,
superior of the order of Jesuits on this
coast. The sermon will be preached by
Bishop Montgomery of Los Angeles. On
Tue c day Archbishop Riordan will officiate.
In addition to the religious ceremonies
orations will be delivered, and there will
be athletic exhibitions by the college
alumni. •
The foundation of the great college was
laid March 19, 1S51. by the Rev. Father
Nobili, S. J. Some of the most brilliant
men were taught by the Jesuit' fathers,
and among the alumni are the names of
many of the most prominent men on the
During the June celebration it Is pro
posed to • lay the cornerstone of a new
Santa Clara College if the land can be se
cured. A new sacred drama, written by
Clay M. Greene, the New York play
wright, who is a graduate of Santa Clara,
will be presented.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
from the ticket to be chosen and name
none but ' women as candidates for tho
different offices. .This met some opposi
tion at first, but was eventually carried
and the ticket selected.
A ratification meeting will be' held next
Tuesday night in South Broadway Chris
tian Church, when the Prohibition cam
paign will be started and the struggle for
the election of a woman Mayor begun.
The Prohibitionists are thoroughly In
earnest and expect the support of the
Woman's Christian Tempsrance Union,
the Woman's Club and all of the women
of Denver who are opposed to the liquor
traffic.
The candidate for Mavor. Mrs. Hawley,
is president of the State Woman's Chris
tian Temperance Union, and Miss Lathrop,
Cornelius Soderman, who was a rigger
at the Rlsdon Iron Works and was seri
ously injured Saturday, died at St. Luke's
Hospital yesterday morning. He lived at
18 Sacramento street. The . body was re
moved to the Morgue.
Dies From His Injuries.
Takes Overdosa of Medicine.
Tina Sllva. wife of Antone^Silva. re
siding at 26 Mary street, swallo'wed too
large a dose of medicine by mistake last
night and was taken to the Receiving
Hospital to be pumped out. She will re
cover.
candidate for City Attorney, is one of
Denver's two practicing: women lawyers.
The full ticket follows: For Mayor,
Antoinette A. Hawley: City Clerk, Cel'a
A. Davis; City Auditor. Sophia C. Jeffer
son;- City Treasurer, Aurora M. Quir.n;
City Attorney, Mary Lathrop: City En-
Rineer, Nellie Oswald: president Board of
Supervisors, Jennie J. Jones: members
Board of Supervisors — Mrs. M. E. Cralse,
Ida Taylor. Mrs. K. K. Scouller. Mrs. L.
A. Jefferson; Aldermen— Mrs. Ward.* Mini
Sprague. Mrs. C. J. Hall, Mrs. N. A. Mc-
Laney, Mrs. Gerber, Loria Nichols, Laura
B. Thompson, Lulu Lugrgr, Mrs. M. C.
Hearon, Annie M. r>elaney, ; Mary F.
Burns, Anna Quay, Jettie Humphrey, Mrs.
Needles, Adrianne Hungerford and Mrs.
Rexroad; . . ..... • .
Fair Politicians Organ : ze for a Vigorous Campaign and Are Gon-
"Clean Out" a Dance Hall.
" Clarence . Cllnkscales and Alexander
Wips, two young men from Montana,
last night visited a dance Tiall at 901
Kearny street, and after driving out the
proprietress, who is known as "Spanish
Kittle," fired a half dozen shots into the
ceiling and floor. They were arrested by
Police Officer Cavanaugh and at the City
Prison were charged with discharging
firearms and carrying concealed weap
ons.
Daughters of Pioneers.
The association of Daughters of Pio
neers of California will hold its first so
cial meeting In Pioneer Hall at 3 o'clock
this afternoon. An invitation has
been extended to the Pioneers and their
families and the families of ex-members
and of those who were members and have
passed away have also been invited. Ad
mission will be by card only, issued by
Miss de Forest, the secretary.
DENVER PROHIBITIONISTS NOMINATE
NONE BUT WOMEN FOR CITY OFFICES
FAMOUS BTyzafHE; BLOCK
IS AbVEBTISED FOR SALE
Decision of Supreme Qpurt of .United
States Removes All ' Doubt
of Ownership.
The numerous suits over the ownership
of the Blythe property have at last been
finally decided, and as a result the prop
erty is in the' market.
The UnIte<K States Supreme. Court,
through Justice Peckham, rendered a de
cision recently which said among other
things: ...
"The right of the defendant in error to
this property has been in litigation for
more than fifteen years, many years after
courts of competent jurisdiction have de
cided in her favor, and we think this writ
of error, judging by the character of the
questions sought to be raised under It, has
been taken for delay only." ;
This decision was handed down In Feb
ruary and confirms the title of Florence
Blythe Moore to the property.
•r
had received, and urged them ever to
be true to their religion.
The regular choir of the mission sang
the hymns "The Son of God Goes Forth
to War." "My Faith Looks Up to Thee"
and "Guide Me, O Thou Great Je
hovah." The following are the names of
those confirmed:
Oeonre Henry Franeolar. Alonzo Richard
Cole, James Jerome Lucy. Frederick Arm-
Ftron-, Jftrs. Sarah Cole, Mrs. Bertha Par
linston. Mrs. Elizabeth Mary Yates, Misses
Annie Carson. Al"ee Emma McNevln. Julia
¦ Err.Jly McNevln. Lucy Bcodden. Sophia Ha-
I warth. Clarlbel Wales. Emily Graves and Ger-
I trude Camellia Peterson.
It is predicted that the highbinder war
which was transferred from San Jose to
this city some <lays ago will be one of the
fiercest and most severe in. the history of
Chinatown. : Two powerful tongs, the Hip
Sings and the Bow Ons. are at war, and
their determination to spill blood Is man
ifested by the influx of hatchetmen.who
continue to arrive from the interior on
every train. '•'•'..
The most alarming feature . of f the war
Is the bitterness felt by the murderous
Mongolians against the police.. The ru
mor has. been prevalent for several days
that a price had been put on the head of
Lieutenant Price and some of his squad
now on duty in the Chinese quarter. The
aggressiveness displayed . by the officers
In their, efforts to ! disarm Chinese j j and
prevent crime has caused much feeling
against them, and while the story .that a
price has been placed on their heads can
not be verified by the heads of the Police
Department it is certain that it is the in
tention of some of the highbinders to make
the officers targets for bullets at the first
opportunity. ' - .'¦•"¦
Friday night the police received Infor
mation that three hired assassins were
lying in wait for Price at the corner of
Dupont and streets, but the
would-be murderers made j their escape,
and have not since been located. - ,
Last Tuesday night Ah Bow made an
attempt to murder Policeman Taylor, and
the policeman had a hard battle to save
his life. • . Taylor also met three armed
highbinders Friday night and had to use
his club to disarm, one of them. ¦
Friday . night j 100 highbinders arrived
In this city from San Jose for the purpose
of taking part In the hostilities. As the
struggle will not be wholly abandoned In
the Garden City, sixty dangerous Chinese
were sent down from San Francisco. The
exchange was made that the marked men
may not recognize the persons who have
been hired to kill them. The local high
binders are so well known to the mem
bers of each faction in this city that th«r
game usually avoids them. The same
condition of affairs exists in San Jose. >
One Hundred Assassins .Brought
- From San Jose by Rival Tongs
, to Carry on War Now Be
trip- 'Via (re A
ing waged. _
Highbinders Said to . Have
Marked Siveral Police
men for Death.
OFFER A REWARD
FOR PRICE'S HEAD
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, ,; MONDAY, MARCH 18, 1901.
5
: ADVEBTISEMENTS.
TELEPHONE S|[9|UB
222-224- S UTTER ST.
Estimates . furnished or's'p'ecial re-
bates allowed on our monthly cata-
logue prices * to - STJ1OIEK RE-
SORTS, WATERING PLACES.
HOTELS and LARGE BUYERS IN
GElTERAIi.
SPECIAL REDUCTIONS
MONDAY— TUESDAY— WEDNESDAY.
Butter, "SSKiSStbs* sqaire 35c
Tea. 10 different kinds, lb 40c
All our high grade 50c teas..
Moth Balls. <>*«* RFc
To preserve your winter clothing and
furniture.
GhaiMis Skins, Re£&. 4*c
Imported English. Guaranteed not to
shrink.- 17x21. Reg. 45c 33«s
Sardines, Fr S-r& ier/s 2 tins 2 f c
Extra large U size; finest quality; ex-
cep t ional ¦ value.
Finnan Handles, *z li 15c
Fresh flsh. : , ; '.'
Marmalade, Cal. Oran?e. jar 2Cc
Sweet; . finest ever produced. Keg. 2So
Ripfl Carolina. ">*ew Era." . C Ik nVrr A*\r>
nice. r Reg. ioc lb. • O'llJ pug 4DC
Finest quality. 19-Tb pke ........... .83e
Coat Hangers, rsZt* each 5c
Regularly 10c. . • •
Hair Erush, 8^!i c i k v .65c
Pure bristles: made In France. -
Cocktails, "Scnset,"^-. bot 85c
The brand that was awarded the gold
medal for -purity at "Paris Exposition.
Martini. Manhattan, Whisky. - Gin and
Vermouth. . ¦ . "
Cocktail — MlnfatureV each fOc
Rye Whisky, B ;t-. ga'lon $4.50
Hermitage. lS89.Rer. tl.50 bot.. ..f 1.13
Beer, Musnchner Klndl.
The genuine' Imported article.
Re«r. $4.50 doz, qts S3.SS
Kegr. 12.75 doz. pts.. «-.--"»
. Barrel of S doz. qts., reg. I21....S1H.7B
Barrel of 10 doz. pts., reg. $:6....^1.75
Smoke LEBENBAUM'S Fine
CIGARS. , .
. Free Delivery to Oakland, Ala-
meda and Berkeley.
>^£+V*k.+ w*fi \k \Ljj\i fr\~^ j^^i? P *i JTlt^pf^
n a I fl n r These hoteIs p° s -
rALAuL— sess the attribut «
that tourists and
Qnij travelers appreciate
01IU.-. —central location,
A P fl II Q liberal manage-
UllAlliJ . ¦'. mert, modern ap-
IlflTri O pointments and
HUltLo,
San FranciSCO. ropean plans.
DR.MEYERS&CO. d^3%
Specialists, DIs- $Efe
ease and Weakness WMi _ A ~*_ jtot
lished 1881. Consul- ®fk
tatlon and private vaft. I /«eAi'
book free, at office M2yl-I jj*y*«
or by mail. Cures \W'K**Ssp'
Biiaranteed. T.'tl ' N»asPl£Rl
Market street tele- A^T^S^lay
vator entrance), -v^XjVSfaSiBSiik.
San Francisco. j^Sl^aarSlaSS
AMXTS'CBIENTa.
BELASCO AmoTHALCS'^yE?
i^ * rrrr mn
' Phone South 521
SPECIAL ST. PATRICK'S DAY
MATINEE TO-DAY, I P. M.
To-night and every evening this week.
Regular Matinee Saturday and Sunday.
Dion Bouclcault's Great Irish Drama,
COLLEEN BAWN.
James M. "Ward as.Myles Na Coppaleen.
A PICTURESQUE SCENIC PRODUCTION.
SEE THE GREAT CAVE SCENE.
pDffLW Evenlnjcs ....lOc. l,*>c. S5e. 5Oc
riUVCJ Matinees...... . lOe. 13c. 2So
BELASCO & THALL'S
CENTRAL _THEATER.
THURSDAY NIOHTJIarch 21, 1931
FOR DEPENDENT MOTHERS. WIDOWS
AND ORPHANS OF KNGINEERS WHO
LOST THEIR LIVES IN THE . DISAS-
TROUS WRECK OF THE
S.S. RIO DJUANElfcO
Given -Under the Auspices of ths
I MARINE ENGINEERS' BENEFICIAL ASSO.
t CIAT1ON Na 35.
Tickets- - One Dollar.
RAfEQ TANFORAN
AyE J_ park.
THfc S*» FR*N:iSC) JOCKEY CLU3.
Week March IS to 23, six hish-clajs races
each day. ,
, Flrat race , daily at t:\0 p. m. Trains from
Third and Townsend. 7, 10: W. 11:30 a. m.." U:i\
L 1:20, 2 p. m. Returning, leave track 4:13 and '
thereafter at short Intervals. Rear cars re-
served ' for ' ladles. ,\ ' . < •
Week of March 23. SEVERAL BIG EVENTS
ADMISSION. INCLUDING R'R. FARE. $1.23.
MILTON S. LATHAM. Secretary.
•E. J. POWER, Racing Secretary..
FISCHER'S n cert o| house.
The Flechtla, F. W. Bak?r, Olive Vail. Lil-
lian 'Jeanette, Chas. ' VV. CoRlil. Triseda, B. A.
Bentley, Chester, and Hlnrichs' Orchestra. ¦ Re-
served Seats, 2Hc. ¦ Matinee Sunday.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Kidney Cripples
Are you one of those Kidney Crip-
ples with a weak back? Can't stand
up erect without those sharp pains in
small of the back. Waken up in the
night with distress in the kidneys,
which makes you restless and unable
to sleep well. You are in danger of,
Bright's Disease and should correct
the tr6ubleat once with
The herbs of this wonderful remedy act directly
on the kidneys and correct any disorders of
those vvital organs quicker than any other
: remedy.,
A ico-Page Book of Stories and K --f&\ '
Anecdotes of Abraham Lincoln free Vi fr^gjj /
with every as-cent package.
ALL DRUGGISTS. "-:llp^M«W'
GB Q Q S ff^ Laflln & Rand "Waterproof
S 9laB%k Smokeless I'owder, in bulk
B B BttB ''fc. and loaded in shells. RenJ
H BHUR n f° r catalogue of sportinsj
U||fiy Roods. OEO. W. SHUEVK.
-".T"'. - : . ,_^% "S3 Market st. -
f\ i f r n n If A I Corner Fourth and
PAtf H IIYUI o^lUalV^
Uhl L IIUIIIL f-a-^^er.
¦. v , valise* checked free
DR. GROSSMAN V S' SPECIFIC MIXTURE.
For the cure of ' GONORRHEA. GLEETS.
STRICTURES am! analogous complaints of the
Onrar.8 of . Generation. , t ¦ : ••- ' -.-. v. -.-,-.-
Price $1 a bottle. For sale by druggists. ¦
A3IUSFIVntTJT&.
"The greatest singer In the memory of !!?-
ing man. "^rNew^Tork. Times.
SEASON GRAND OPERA.
SEmBR IGH COMPANY.
Under the direction of C L. GRAFF.
MOROSGO'S GRAND OPERA-HOUSE
Weeks March IS and 25. f
TO-NIGHT AT S.
. GRAND OPENING PERFORMANCE.
- Rossini's
"BARBER OF SEVILLE."
"VTIth the following ereat caat: MADAMS
SEMBRICH as ROSINA. Mme. Mattfeld. MM.
Bensaude. Rossi. Dado, Galazzi. Vanni and
de Lara. In the lesson scene Madame Sem-
brlch will sing the waltz. "Voce dl Prtma-
vera." by Johann Strausa, written specially
for her by 'the composer.
Wilsesdaj ETwisg, Hire* 20. "LA TRAV1ATA'*
Saturday Matiae«,Xftre& Z3.*' r ON PA£ QUALE**
N Grand Orchestra and Chorua.
Conductor- SIGNOR BEVIGNANI.
Repertoire second week to be announced.
Scale of prices-Jl 50.- $2.» $3 and $3: Gallery
(unreserved). JI; General Admission, $2. Seats
now on sale at box office.
Branch. .Ticket Office — Emporium.
Alfred Bou'sier, Resident Representative.
*Tiypi»i*
EVENINGS . AT ». MATINEE SATURDAT
AT 2.
FIRST PERFORMANCE TO-NIGHT!
THE GREATEST OF COMIC OPERAS,
"THE
WEDDING
DAY!"
BOOK BY STANISLAUS STAJfGB.
MUSIC BY JULIAN EDWARDS.
POPULAR PRICES .So and Wo
• Telephone— Bush 9.
"neverITetter."
SMITH A CAMPBELL: TECHOWS CATS:
COAXLET St HUSTED; AMIEL: BUNTH
& RUDD CO.: MR. and MRS. MARK
MURPHY; BEATRICE MORELAND A
CO.; LES MASCAGNO.
PAPINTA.
Reserved Seats. 23c: Balcony, 10c; Opera
Chairs and Box Seats. 50c.
Matinees Wednesday. Saturday and Sunday.
CD LU IWlBgA LEADING THEATK
SECOND AND LAST WEEK.
THE - BIG DOUBLE ATTRACTION !
-Y.-. . DE.KOVEX & SMITH'S OPERA.
"THE HIGHWAYMAN"
Together With the World's Greatest Dancer
LA LOIE FULLER,
In the "Archangel" and "Tempest."
Friday NUht— SOUVENIR EVENT.
NEXT MONDAY-
"THE LITTLE MINISTER"
PHONE .". SOUTH 770
EVERT. EVENING— MATTNEE SATURDAT.
The Mammoth and Master Melodramatic
• Production of tho World!
rnTJTP THE PIG NEW YORK
X JTZL-C-i sensation.
rVe
. THE GREATEST SUCCESS
Ever achieved by a new company In a new play.
FIRST TIME IN THIS CITYl
THIS ' WEEK-FAREWELL!
JUST THINK OF IT !! i
SATURDAT NIGHT— LAST TIMZt
t!T*IGHT, PRETTY, 1 IS
CHARMING, CLEVER I THE
TELEPHONE
GIRL! HELL0 ' MAIH l731 !
"I'M YOUR BOSS-YES.'!
EVENING.:... ...15c JSc. 60c. 75c, fl.O*
MATINEE 2Sc Me. Tip
w&Mm
Tfl»NItf.HT AND BALANCE
1 VJ*HlIUIl I OF WEEK.
Ths Funniest Fares on Earth,
ThaProper Caper
From the Madison Square Theater, New York
City.
PRICES— 13c. !3c. 33c. Me.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Next Wesk-TOO MUCH JOHNSON.
CHUTES_and ZOO
EVERY AFTERNOON and EVENING.
LEAlOlAY,
The Tallest Woman In the World.
CHE ANDERSONS, GEORGE AUS-
TIN MOOBE, THE KELCEY SIS-
TERS, ALL DIBECT FROM THE
ORPHEUM; THE MALVERX
FAMTLY, 3AB0NESS VON
TTXSE, AH ZADA, NEW MOV-
ING PICTURES.
AMATEUR NIGHT, TEURS&AY.
- Telephone for Seats— Park 23.
RACING! FACING! FACING I
MCO^-WINTER MEETING— 1901.
CALtHORN^A JOCKr-Y CuUB.
OAKLAND RACETRACK.
Racing Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thurs-
day; Friday and Saturday. Rain or shine.
. Five or more races each day. .
Races start at 2:13 p. m. sharp.
Kerry-beats leave San Francisco at 13 m. and
I 12:S0. 1. 1:30. 2, 2!3O and 3 p. m.. connecting
wtth trains - stopping at the entrance to the
track. Laft two cars - on train renerved for
ladles and their escorts: no sraokln*. Buy yanr
ferry tickets to Shell Mound. AH trains rla
Oakland mole conn?ct with San Pablo avenue
' electric cam at Seventh and Broadway. Oak-
land. Also all trains via Alameda mole con-
nect with San Pablo avenue cars at Fourteenth
and Hrcadwar. Oakland. These electric can
ro direct to the track in fifteen minute*.
Returning— Trains leave the track at 4:13 and
4-45 n. m.. and Immediately aft»r the last rac« '
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR., President. .
R.- It. M1LROY. Secretary.
Weekly Gall. SI per fear
AJVEBTISEaiEIfTS.
TEEIH lilt PLATES
•s OO
Serviceable bridgetrork to replace
lost teeih, by expert workmen.
PAYMENTS MONTHLY.
San Francisco. " Lll3IIII6fS LOl
VIM. VIGOR. VITALITY for MEN
MORMON BISHOP'S PILLa
§have been tn use over nfty
y»-ars by the leaders of the
llormcn Church and their fol-
lowers. Positively cure ths
worst cases In old and youns
artsine from effects of self-
tit'UFc. dissipation, excesses x>r
cicarette-Einoking. Cure Lost
Manhoc<3. Impotency, Lost
Powrr, Nieht Losses. Insom-
nia. Pcins In Back. EvJI Desires. Lacie Back.
JCervous r>ebiiit>\ Headache. tTnfitness to Mar-
ry. Ix»s of Semen, f— » /*"*»> Vericocele or Con-
Btipation, Stops N« *^ SB rvcus Twitching
of Eyelids, Effpc-lf !TS. jrL are immediate.
Impart visor and 1 ** 1 ' 1 ' a potency to every
function. I>on't e^t Respondent; a cure Is at
haiwl. Restore small, undeveloped orjrans.
Stimulate the brain and nerve centers; £0c a
box; £ for (2 CO by mail. A written puarBntec
to cure of money refunded with € boxes. Cir-
cultrs tree. Address BISHOP REMEDY CO..
40 Kills et., San Francisco. Cal. GEAXT
DRUG CO.. 3S and 40 Third et.
BOTTLE bUntO
MCBURNEY'8
RriHnov cnd Bladder
fVIUIiwy CURB
A thorough euro for
pains la the back,
BRIGHT'S DISEASE.
fem&lo troubles, lacoa-
tiuenca of crlne. brick dest deposits, bed-
wetting of children, gravel, gall itoaea,
dropsy, di&bcces, and rhcainatism.
TOR SAti: AT
DAHLBEXDEIt DRUG CO.. 214 Kearny «t-
B«id 2Sc in 2c stamps to TV'. F. McBurn«y.
<18 8. Eprlne et., Los Angelea. Cal.. for »
day*' treatment. Prepaid tl 60. Druggists.
A visjt OR- JORDAN'S greatr
iHOSGBB OF ASATOSY?
\ Sr Tbe IjBrrax AnatenuoBl Moxeom fa the \
C I . ¦ ji _ Vond- »€>t«nn> or jijr contracted a
w r jv£i3b «le;««* pex*tl«*ly«s»»»4bythe€4<le4l ¥
f$i rp? yji hpcacUst cu U>l- Ccwt EtLJ/tjou*. <j
A ft&%9& DS.V-C3DAH-PE1VATE CiSEASE$4
i • CoM»!t»tior, f~m «nd ttri<^>.y prime \
A I xyj'p Tnencnt pfnnnil'jr or by letler. A A
\ [• Or EIH /w.iim Circ in ntr» a« I'ciJ'rtikeiv, \
A & 1 *llfi» '*rtcforb'«k.I?H«.0« > «l*B'Srcf A
Vl If ! pi l21>RU(iE, XAtLSS »"» (Af
X n j£ v«lu&ble book for Cira/ \
DR.PBERCE'S I
MEOIC/Vr.
FOR THE
J?^*(?S£!3!>-Z?>4 O K ' s *• ft a non-r>o1»onoDt
*?Uf T^y^^^&^i rea.ed; lor <;onorrhara,
Gleet. Sperm»torrb(La,
/Sjr,-:*!/ in I to 5<i»f» yj VVhit»«. annatpral dij.
/2«£/ (itirnirt'i \2 cfiar 8 ! • or »r.y icflj^nnitt-
tp£**£ t'.t to ttnctnrf. lion, i ritation cr ulcer*-
\im j$m**i.i* cooi*tiuti. tion ,t i.i lie o n « mem>
H?»»TKlETtltS CHtMICtlCq brauea. iioa-utriaseat.
RC?\-K::tiii*Ti.o.R3a ' SoId by *»»*occi«u.
vt^VV r R_ a !£?* or feut in Plain wrar^cr,
' .SttS^sT Zd&W ** «»P«*s prepaid, for
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA niTTEItS. THE
ereat U«-xic«.n remedy; riv^s health and
•trcnKth to i«*xu&I organs. Depst, 3^ Market.
CK 0% Dt
KADWAY'S KKADV tlKLlt-f haa etooj
unrivaled before the public fcr 60 years an a
Vain Jtemeciy. It listantiy relives and quickly
curt« i-i! Colds, tvire Throats. Influenza, Bron-
< lilti*. Pnirumunia. KltcumRttain, ' Neuralgia,
Uearlathe. Toothache an.1 til pain. I«tem»lly
tor ilalaria &cd alj lhjvrel l'ains. All drusffint*. 'ST. -VINCENT— Arrived ; March 1&-Ger stmr
Neko, hence Dec 24.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Arrived March 17— Stmr Cali
fornia,- from . Marseilles; Genoa; Lechorn and
Naples; stmr L'Aquatlne, from Havre;-stmr
New York, from Southampton and Cherbourg:
Ftmr Potsdam, from Rotterdam and Boulogne.
Bailed March 17-Stmr Philadelphia, for Liver
pool. -'"¦ :'-. ¦ : ¦ • . ¦;¦ .. •¦ .-."•••:
KINSALE— Passed March' 17— Stmr Bovlc.
from New „ York, for Liverpool (not previously);
8tmr.\ Caledonian. ' from ¦¦ Liverpool, for New
York^Ftmr Ce^trlan," from Boston, for Liver
pool:, stmr Ontarlan. from Glasgow, and Liver
pool, for Halifax -anil Philadelphia. ¦
FERNANDA DE NORONHA— Passed March
17— Stmr Hathor, from San Francisco via, Val
paraiso, for Hamburg. ¦:.¦'•' '
. QUEENSTOWN— Arrived March 17— Stmr In
vernla, from Boston, for Liverpool. : and pro
ceeded. - Sailed' March 17— Ptmr Etrurla. from
Llverpccl, for New.Ycrk.' ' .
SOUTHAMPTON-Sailed March 17-Steamer
Vaderland. from Cherbourg, for New York.
LIVERPOOI,- Sailed March 16-Stmr Onta
rlnn.' from ; OlsFBOw. ¦ for Halifax. ¦ N. S.. and
Philadelphia: stmr Caledonian, for New York:
stmr Parisian, for Halifax, N. S., via Movllle;
March 17— Ptmr Devonian. for.Dnston. '
MO VILL,E— Sailed -March 17— Stmr Parisian,,
from • Liverpool, for Halifax,' N.S. >
- BOSTON— Sailed March. 17— Stmr Umbria. for
QutenFtown and • Liverpool. - . .
PORTLAND. Maine— Arrived ; March 17— Stmr
Norwegian, from Glasgow; stmr Sicilian, from
Liverpool. ¦>¦ . *"¦¦-, -
PHILADELPHIA— Arrived March 17— Stmr
Wawlard, from Liverpool. , via Queenstown. .
CHERBOURG— Sailed March 17— Stmr Vader
land, from Southampton, for New York.
; ' . • Sun, : Moon arid \ Tide. - .
United -' States Coast and - Geodetic , Survey-
Stmr Queen, Thomas, 1 iZ hours from San
DlPgo and way ports.
Stmr Pomona. Shea, 20 hours from Eureka.
U:S stmr Kilpatrick, Rogers, ,2S days from
Manila, via Nagasaki 20 days.
• Stmr Bcnita, Nopander, ,, from Newport and
way ports. v .
. Chil stmr Tucapel. Moffltt. 39 days from Val
paraiso, via Mazatlan 5 days.
Nor ftmr Kvarven, Kenltz, 39 days from
Hongkong, via Kobe 24 days and Yokohama
20V* days. , ,
Ship Falls of Clyde, Matson, 17 days from
Hilo. .
Bark B P Cheney, Johnson, 22 days from
Honolulu.
nktn Benicla, Howes, 18 days from Honolulu.
.Brig Liirllne, Shaube. 19 days from Kahului.
Schr Mary C, Campbell, 8 hours from Bo
dega. ... • • ¦ „•.
Schr Emma Claudina, MIkkelsen, 23 days
from Mahukona.
' Schr Helene, Christiansen,' 18 days from Hon
olulu.
BAILED.
Sunday. March 17.
Etmr Afonak. Miller. Chlgnek.
Stmr Walla Walla, Hall. ..Victoria."
j Rtmr Leelanaw, Storrs," Seattle.
Stmr Homer, Donaldson, Kureka.I -
• Ptmr Panta: Rosa, Alexander, San Dle*o. '.
Stmr. Eureka, Jessen, Eureka.
. Stmr Coqullle River, Thompson, "Astoria.
: Nor. stmr Titnnla. RRonea. Nanalmo.
. Hktn Archer. Calhoun, Honolulu.
Schr Ivy, Samuelson, Seattle.*
: Schr Corinthian. Korth.' Coqullle River.
Schr Berwick. Pearson,' Coqullle River. ./.
. TELEGRAPHIC/
POINT LOBOS. March 17—10 p. m.— Weather
hazy, wind northwest; velocity. 30 miles per
hour.'- . . .., . ¦ . . ¦-¦¦-•¦>. •
MISCELLANEOUS.
" SEATTLE, - March . 16— Stmr Willamette,
bound from Union ; to ¦ Qyster .-"-. Harbor, .went
aBhore on Denman Inland during . a* fo« : last
night. March 15, anrt is still fast. Captain ex
pects to pet off. in the morning.
" '" MEMORANDUM. .
Per Bhlp Falls of Clyde,' from Hilo, March 17
—On March 4; lat 33.« N.long 133.12 W, passed
a four-masted s-.-hooner painted .white.
¦ * : /DOMESTIC PORTS. : .
-SAN PEDRO— Arrived March 16— Schr Volun
•teer, from Grays > Harbor: March ; 17— Stmr W
H Kruger, -from Tlllamdok. Sailed March . 17—'
Schr Sadie.' forUmpqua.' i ', : >. : .- ;,.'
PORT: TOWNSEND—Pawd In March 17—
Stmr Humboldt. .Trom - Alaska; Br - Bhlp -Lao
mene, from Vancouver*; Bchr ;,Hono!pu,.'from
THE United States army transport
Kilpatrick arrived from Manila
via Nagasaki yesterday. She is
a Ulster ship of the Buford. which
arrived last Wednesday, and Is a
well fitted out vessel. She will be
got ready for sea »t once and hurried
away with troops for the Philippines.
The following cabin passengers came on
the transport:
Mrs. Roifer*: I.irufnant -TV.. T. Bishop.
Forty-seventh Infantry: MIm A. M. Week.
Mrs. Z. McCItntock. Mr*. Mamon, Mrs. Lynch
and eon. Mrs. N. T. 8im«>, J. A. Van Leuran,
Captain J. >-. Wilson, assistant rurgeon, U.
£. A.; K. H. Grerory. actlnc assistant fur
cecn. V. S.-A.: J. W. Madera and T. W. Hath,
artlnj: axriptant surgeons; Mrs. L. W. Sprat
llnK and child; Mrs. Alfred; Lieutenant W. S.
Powell and Cuptaln C. 8. Uonr. V. 8. M. C;
l.:-wi n.-cr.t II. O. Campbell. Fourth Infantry;
J. F. nmzfl Jr., I'nlted States postal eervlce;
Mir* L. It. Bunting. Mins J. H. Kephart, MIm
Kdlth Rlchmor.d and Ml»« J. C. Rector, con
tract ndw: Lieutenant Harding. U. S." M. C;
lieutenant 1'lckerell. U. IS. A.
The following named joined at Naga
Bald:
Second Lieutenant George Sutherland. Elev
enth Cavalry; M. J. Thomas, postefflce clerk;
Much Ooodman. A. N". Adams, employes quar
tei-master's tlejjoitnient, and Mrs. £praUinc'»
Jaj<aneee tenant.
Besides these, nine men of the Thirtieth
Infantry, who remained over from the
Iiuford, came on the Kilpatrick.
When the Kilpairlrk left Manila she
had on board 399 enlisted men and elx
civilians, invalided home; one seaman. U.
6. N.: forty-five sick soldiers, discharged;
seventeen difcharg-d civilians, nineteen
cnlifted men and twenty-six of the hospi
tal corp*.
Of the unlisted mm. two died on the
way. ae did also i-vo of the discharged
I soldiers. Two of the sick civilians re
mained behind at Nagasaki. The re
ni'iins of the four xmn who died were em
balmed and brought to San Francisco.
They wore S*-rpcant William Sexton, late
Troop M. Eleventii Cavalry; Private
Robert Kmmett. laU» Company J, Porty
s*-v«-nth Infantry. U S. V.; Private John
\V. Woodall. late '"ompany D. Twenty
seventh Infantry. I". 8. V.. and Private
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to Sac
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and -low waters occur a;
th«» city front (MIsMon-street wharf) about
twenty-five m'nutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the tame at both places.
MONDAY. MARCH IS.
NOTE— In the above exposition of th* ti«le»
the early morning tides are, given in the left
hand column and the successive' tides of the
day In th« order -of occurrence as to time oi
day: the third time column gives the last tid*
of the <!ay, . except : when there are but thre*
tides, as sometimes occur*. The heights siren
are in addition to the soundings on the Unttol
States Coast Survey charts, except wl.«n »
minus ! <— ) slirn rr*ced«>« th« helKht. and th*n
(he number Riven la subtracted from th» depth
given : by tbe charts. The plane of reference
Is the mean of the lower low waters.
Steamer Movements.
TO. ARRIVE.
Harvey V. Ramsey, lRte" Company F
Thirty-ninth Infantry^ U. S. V.
Sergeant Sexton ciiod March 9 and Pri
vates Woodall and Emmett two • days
later. Privarte Rarhsey died March 13, or
four dayrs before port was reached.
The Kilpatrick and Buford are sister
ships, but the former has been docked
since leaving New York, while the latter
has not." The Kilpatrick in consequence
beat the Buford'a tirst from Manila more
than five days.
The Kilpatrick did not come over on
the great- circle, only going as far north
as latitude 4S degrees 8 minutes north.
That , was far enough, however,, as, the
snow, sleet and ra!n made it very dis
agreeable. Most of the ladiesaboard-are
the wives and relatives of army officers.
Mrs Rogers Is the wife of Major Rogers
of the Twentieth Infantry*, and Mrs.
Lynch is the wife of Captain Lynch, as
sistant surgeon. U. S. A. - -
All of the sick and enlisted men were
stnt to the Presidio on the steamer 1 Reso
lute, while the discharged men and civil
ians were landed at the transport wharf
by the Government lug Slocum.
FIFTH CAVALRY ARRIVES.
Marches at Once Aboard the Army
Transport Meade
and will leave for Manila at noon on the
transport Pennsylvania.
' Christening on the Duchalburn.
When the British dilp Duchalburn ar
rived here from Newcastle, Australia,. on
January 15 last, there were two more
souls aboard than when the vessel left
port. A quick run *.vas made across the
Pacific, but it was not quick enough. A
week or so before San Francisco was
reached Captain Forbes' wife presented
him with:twins. Tho ship is In the stream,'
loaded and ready for sea, but tho captain
would not Rail without having the chil
dren baptized. 1 Ye&terday there i was i a
christening party aboard the Duchalburn.
and the ceremony was performed by the
Rev. Air.* O'Rourke of the Seamen's In
stitute.
Water-Front Notes.
The California and Oriental Steamship
Company's Khvarven docked at Lombard
street wharf yesterday. She brings": a
small cargo of general merchandise from
China and Japan, but no passengers.
Tho Alaska Packers' Association steam
er Shelikof was out for a run on.the-bay
yesterday. She has been In retirement
all winter, but as the fealmon season opens
soon she will go to Bristol Bay to handle
the association's big fleet at the canneries.
There was a big crowd of invited guests}
out on the Shelikof. and the run to Point
Richmond and back- to Hunters Point
waa thoroughly enjoyed. , : '
The sugar fleet is beginning to : arrive.
-Yesterday, the schooner Emma Claudina,
twenty-three days f-om Mahukona; the
brig.Lurline, nineteen days, from Kahulia:
the — barkentlne Benicla, eighteen i- days
from"; Honolulu, anil the- ship Falls of
Clyde,' seventeen • -Jays from Hilo,*- made
port. A'-f ¦¦ "I'' - '"-,' ¦¦..'••• •¦¦". .;-.
-Very ¦little, work, was done on the South
Portland yesterday, but wrecker ' White
law expects to raise her to-day.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
I . Sunday, March 17.'- '
| Stmr Samoa, Hlggins, 27 hours from Eureka.
TRANSPORT KILPATRICK ARRIVES FROM MANILA WITH MANY INVALIDS FROM THE ARMY
Kahului. ¦ Sailed March 17— Schr Spokane, for
Callao.
REDONDO— Arrived March 17— Etmr Coro
na do, from Grays Harbor. ..
rg SKATTLE— Arrived March 17— Stmr Hum
bolftt.. from Alaska. . Sailed March. 16— Stmr
Senator, for Bkaguay; Br stmr Arab, for Ta
coma.
SAN DIEGO— Arrived March 17— U S »tmr
Philadelphia, from cruise. Sailed Mnrch 17— Br
¦tmr Milton, for Nanalmo; stmr ' -Brunswick,
for San Francisco. .-.-¦. . .- ,¦
FORT BRAGGr-Arrlved March 17— Rtmr
Noyo. henco March 16- Snlled.March 17— Sttnr
National City, for San Francisco. •
FOREIGN PORTS
Chicago rules that noisy cows and
rhtckens are no longer to be tolerated In
the residence parts of the city.
Sacramento Coursing Run.
SACRAMENTO, March 17.— Two cours
ing stakes were run here to-day. in the
presence of a large crowd of people. In
the open stake Sacramento Boy won eas
ily, with Sylvanus second and St. An
thony third. In the reserve stake Jennie
was first. Brother John second and Apollo
third.
CYCLING RECORD BROKEN.
New Five-Mile Figure
Burton Downing of San Jose Sets a
GILROY, March 17.— Burton Downing of
San Jose broke the 'world's five-mile road
record over the Gllroy course to-day.! The
run: was from San Martin to Within a
quarter of a mile of the, Gllroy city limits.
His time was 8:4S. beatins the former
record by exactly one minute. Downing
was paced by the motor cyclists Ed Juth
and O. L. Stevens. He rode a wheel
geared to 112. A large crowd of San Jose
wheelmen witnessed the exciting finish.
¦BtrLITAKT COMPANIES
HOLD MONTHLY SHOOTS
National Guard Members Spend Holi
day Peppering Targets at Shell
Mound Park.
The shooting at Shell Mound Park yes
terday was rather light and confined
wholly to members of the National Guard
of California. Several of the Schuetzen
societies were to have appeared, but their
contests irere deferred to a later date on
account of other holiday attractions.
Company F. Fifth Infantry: Company
B First Infantry, and Troop A. First
Cavalry, held their regular monthy medal
shoots. The results were as follows:
Company F. Fifth Infantry. rifle-Captain H.
t Rernett 36 J. Baumgarten Id, J. S. Drum
mond1 ; 3 A j. Coelho S F. C. Howe 34. W.
lOartbaidi 21 A F. Hanson S«. S. Nelson
38 RU Schmidt' 12. A. Schmidt 20. O. B.
Rasmussen 29. E. R. Larkln 23. R. B. Merrill
37 Senreant G. C. Hanson 33, Sergeant E. O.
Williams 13 Sergeant S. J. Grimea 31. Sergeant
S P Tohansen M. Corporal W. Nordlund »
CoTDoral *. F. Fick S«. Corporal W. G. Leonard
£Ta E. Harbrldge 29. A. H. Abbott 21
Company II, First Infantry, rifle— G. Clans
¦Irahwtf, G. Hoffman 41. A. Lally 53. P. Wll-
Hams 89 J. Myem 31. H. Evans 33, C. Touti*
28 C Llndecker 40, C. IMekson 3f>. A. Hafn^r
n G Epooner 22. T. Wood 34. E. Cardell 33.
J O'Keefe IS. A. Ramm », J. Miller 25. G.
Sullivan 37. E. Bertrand 20, -F. Bordnave 2Z
Troop' A. First Cavalry, revolver— C. Nicola! *
40 E A. Pierre 33, A. J. Klun* 33. R. C.
Greenlnger 20, H. B. Taylor ». F. Thomason
34 H. Puckhaber 26. H. L. I>trtck 33. C.
Osgocd 22. E. H. Carr 40. P. Sammann *0.
C Becker 31. E. Berniott 36. A. Smith S, F.
c" Sherwood R, W. Hemmlnfra 29. H. Hanson
34 G. H. Rlddock 31. L. MeKinley 15. R. Capp
37' O. Hanson 8. T. P. Lehman S3. H. Baye«
27 A J. Thornagla 20. L. Plagemann 15. J.
Ritchie 33. A. "W. Stern 35. P. Schmidt 12. P.
Saphlro 24, T. Fitzgerald 32. F. Haa« 10, H.
A. Henry 36. E. A. Echmjdt 23. T. Carlln M.
Tanforan Entries.
Firrt race — Six and a half furlongs; three
y»>ar-ol(3f; selling.
ms* Bird!* Eton*. ..107! 2134 Marcy I*»
170S La Gorta 1C7| 2111 Prncss TiUnia.107
2"42 Commuter 112i 21J4 Illilouon 10J
SCSI Dnsn CaldwcU..112i
Second ra<?e— Three furlongs; two-year-olds;
r*l!lnc.
£119 Victoria S 107.1 .... TIb« 198
3 «i« Dandy 112: 2119 Yellowstone ...110
2123 Priam 107; 2123 B. C. Greene.. .107
2"S7 Quadra 1W <20$7)Rory Ough 1U
ri*3 Contestant 107| 21*3 Ean Luition....l03
( :;¦¦-.' I^-cal Maxim. -.110. 2123 Ogle Ill
Peggy Miles HOl 2087 Resin 103
Third race— Seven furlonrs; three-year-olds
end upward; purse.
<21<U)r>r. Cave 10S ie209")Ii5alln« K
2135 Redwald 100 2135 MacOyle 97
<21S5)Maggle Davl«..106l
Fourth rare— One and a fourth miles; four
j-ear-old« »nd upward; sell in*. .
1SS0 Vain 10S !<21«3)Locoche* 109
2103 Rer del Bands.lOS 2CT7 La Borgia 103
(*100)Cat«tror.he ...Kd 1 2126 Free Lance 119
Fifth race — Plx furlongs; three-rear-old» and
upward; selling. «
SOTS Doublet Ill I 2CT8 Sisenrine *«
ISM Beau Monde ..113! 1S46 Mmle Hildreth. 91
«: Firelight II. . .*1«7 ' ;il7 Alleviate 10S
20KJ Bogur Bill 107| 2111 Moonbrlght ....104
20TS Amasa 110: 1»43 Joaphlne B Its
till Our Lizzie vs S0G5 Phoenissa . 103
2047 Mcringa 110 !
Sixth race— One mile; four-year-olds and rap
v-Frl: purse.
2120 Florlzar 1M 1921 Andrlsi '•«
2112 Star Chamber.. 101 2120 Formero 1C9
Tanforan Selections.
Flrrt r*,c* — Benson CaldwelL Prince**
Tltania, Marey.
Second race— Rory Ough, Legal Maxim, Con
taatsnt.
Third rac*— Isaltne. Dr. Cave, Maggie Davis.
Fourth race — Catastrophe,' La Borgia,
Locochee.
Firth race— Doublet. Phoenissa. Moonbright.
Sixth race— Star Chamber. Andrtsa, Formero.
Palo Alto. Tyrone Prince ran better than
usual probably on account of being a few
pounds heavier.
Log Boy beat Master Workman; Law T
rence beat Hot Haste, Ripple beat Risky
Attempt, at- 2 to 1; Urania beat Honesty,
Erin beat Floodgate, Lawrence beat Tap
ioca, Tyrone Princo beat Santonin. Bona
Fide beat Jlmmie Anthony, at 5 to 3;
Chicago Boy beat Spiteful. Ireland beat
Roman Athlete, Sisquoc beat Wedgewood,
Rural Artist beat Erin, at 5 to 4; .Law
rence beat Olita, Random Aim beat Lib
erator and Tyrone Prince, at 5 to 2.
¦ The day's result3, with Judge John
Grace's official scores, follow:
Reserve stake,' second round— W. C. Glas
fon'p lone beat W. Calrne's Gold Ore. 6-2: F.
A. McCombs" Bona . Fide a bye; Pasha Ken
ntls* Rollicking Airs beat P. J. Rellly's War
ship. 4-3; Pasha Kennels' Risky Attempt beat
Larkey & Rock's Ladles' Choice 4-3; Connell
Bros.' Log Boy beat J. Smith's Master Work
man. S-3: I>. J. Healey's Urania beat P. J.
Reilly's Honesty, 4-1; Sterl & Knowles' Ripple
beat D. J. Healey's Tlburon, 4-0; Aeneid Ken
nels' Aeneas beat P. Jackson's Honor Bright,
13-S: J. Morlarlty's Jimmy Anthony beat E.
Geary's America, 4-2; S. Handy's Twin City
Girl beat W. J. Leonard's Tom Hurllck. 3-1;
Ceorge'Sharman's Black Flush beat D. Dillon's
Oranuvllla; 7-4; P. J. Rellly's LousrhneaKh beat
R. E. de B. Lopez's Jewess, 4-2; H. A. Deckel
nan'i Lawrence beat J. J. Kenny's Hot Haste.
3-2; D. J. Healey's Tapioca beat D. Toland's
Pleasant Girl, 4-1; Sterl & Knowles' OHta beat
P, Jackson's Golden Russet. 4-1: H. ; II. Gray's
Rona 'beat Pasha Kennels' Real Article. 8-3;
R. E. de B. Lopez's Sarah beat. Pasha Ken
nels' Round About, 3-1; Chiarlnl Bros". San
trnln beat Pasha Kennels' May HempstPad,
3-1; Oeorge Sharman's St. Ives beatJ. Hur
ley's Hurricane, 1S-9; J. P. Thrift's Tyrone
Prince beat O. Zahl's Miss Wilson; 3-0; W. C.
Glaason's Dewdrop beat C. O. Peterson's Sli
ver Cloud; 4-2; P. Doyle's Liberator beat Pasha
Kennels' Royal Anne, 3-2; Pasha Kennels'
Random Aim beat E. M. Kellogg's Iowa Maid.
5-3: Aeneid Kennels' Achilles beat T. Tierney's
Tea Rose, 2-t ' ' •'
Third round— Bona Fide beat lone, 6-0; Rol
licking Airs beat Log Boy. 3-1; Risky Attempt
brat . Urania. 6-2; Ripple beat Aeneas. 5-0:
Jimmy Anthony beat Twin City Girl. 4-0;
Black Flush beat Loughneagh, 3-0; Lawrence
beat Tapioca. 6-3; Oleta beat Rona, 6-0; San
tonin beat Sara, 4-3; Tyrone Prince beat St.
Ives, 3-0;- Liberator beat Dewdrop, 3-1; Ran
dom Aim beat Achilles, 7-1. . ,
Fourth round— Bona Fide beat l Rollicking
Airs. 6-0; Ripple beat Risky Attempt. 4-3;
Jimmy Anthony beat Black Flush, 5-0; Liw
rence beat Oleta, 3-1; Tyrone Prince beat San
tonin, 4-3; Random Aim beat Liberator. 5-3.
Fifth round— Bona Fide beat Ripple, 3-2;
Jimmy Anthony beat Lawrence, 6-0; Random
Aim beat Tyrone Prince, 5-3.
Sixth round— Bona Fide beat Jimmle An
thony. 4-0;-.Random Aim a bye. "
• Deciding course— Bona Fide ; beat Random
Aim. 6-0. . ..,:,..., j
r Champion stake, first round— Pasha Kennels*
Rural Artist heat P. J. Rellly's Royal Union
7-3; J. Dunlea's Erin beat Georue Nethercott's
Floodgate, 13-10: E. Geary's Palo Alto, beat
D. J. Healey'n Lady Clare, 6-1; George Phar
man's Chicago Boy beat Russell & Allen's
Spiteful. 3-2; Yosemlte Kennels' Mose beat J.
Dowllng's Sir Lawrencce. S— 0: E. Geary's Ire
land beat Pasha Kennels' Roman Athlete. 4-0:
F. A. McComb's Little Sister beat F. Jones*
Harlean Gladys, 3-1; D. J. Healey's Sisquoc
beat- F. Jones' Wedjewood. 4-0
Second round— Rural Artist beat Erin, 3-2:
Palo Alto beat Chicago Jloy. 4-2: Ireland beat
Mose. 5-0; Sisquoc beat Mule SlBter. 4-0.
Third round— Palo Alto*. beat Rural Artist,
C-0: Sisquoc beat Ireland, ¦'. 6-2.
Deciding course— Sisquoc beat Palo Alto, 2-0.
-" On Stockton Field.
STOCKTON, March 17.—The coursing
results to-day were: •
Run downs— Scotch Reel beat Cash Day-
Porto beat Pearl C; Prince of Fashion • beat
Forgive: Right Arm beat Miss Shirley Non
pareil beat Tap Out; Terronlte beat Sliver
nuttons; Foggy Day beat Joe Conlan; Pink of
Fashion beat Hard to Keep; Thunderbolt beat
Lucy O; Dolando beat Springtime; Blue Mist
beat Ethelblrd: Joker beat Fireball; Just in
Time beat Prince of Wales; Glenroy beat Kitty
R; St. Oran beat Henry Gold; Bagpipe beat
Prince Hal. . ;
First ties— Porto beat Scotch Keel; Prince of
Fashion beat Rleht Arm: Nonpareil beat Ter
ronite; Pink of Fashion beat Foggy Day Do
lando beat Thunderbolt: Joker beat Blue Mist-
Olen Roy beat Just in Time: Bagpipe beat St'
Oran.
Second ties— Prince of Fashion beat Porto-
Nonpareil beat Pink of Fashion; Joker beat
Dolando; Bagpipe beat Glen Roy.
The four winners In the third tie divid
ed flrs.t money. The final rundown was
prevented through lack of hares.
Coursing at Los Angeles.
LOS ANGELES, March 17.— The work
of the dogs herie to-day in the coursing
matches run under the , auspices of the
Los Angeles Coursing Club was clean
and snappy. In the flnal of the twenty
four-dog stake Dick L, belonging to Lyon
& Streckelbout, and Princess Royal,
owned by Charles Gassagne. ran the tie
Dick L won the run-off by a narrow
margin.
The double bill which the Union Park
management offered yesterday as a Sun
day attraction to the patrons of the cours
ing'sport brought out as big a crowd as
has | been seen, at .the grounds this sea- .
son.' F. A. McComb's Bona Fide won the
deciding course of *he reserve stake, beat
ing the Pasha Kennels'. Random.: Aim
pointless. In the champion event of six
teen entries, D. J. Healey's Slsquoc took
final honors from the stake favorite, Palo
Alto, in a short run.
The story has been told of how JImrale
Dean sold Sisquoc back to Healey, who
captured first prize with the dog in last
Sunday's event. Now comes Sisquoc to
the fore again, and by way of repetition
snaps a victory from tne stake favorite
in the champion event in yesterday's meet-
Short enders -made a good showing in
both events, though as a rule the betting
was at close odds. In the morning Bona
Fide had | bye with Motto, her kennel
mate. The talent made a mistake in
guessing this one. Bona Fide was quoted
a 5 to 1 favorite, but failed to raise the*
flag. Rollicking Airs followed by beating
Warship in the next go at the same price.
Aeneas surprised t'ut backers x>( Honor
Bright, a 3 to 1 favorite, and in the cham
pion event Ireland beat Mose pointless at
those figures. The seventeen other up
sets averaged at less than 2 to 1. After
Bona Fide's defeat j in the bye Ripple
Bcored two points against her. while her
other opponents — Rollicking Airs, JImmIe
Anthony and Random Aim— met defeat
without scoring. - '. .
Palo Alto and Sisquoc made short
courses of their work. "When they met
Geary's fast one wa.i made the choice at
2 to 11 As usual, the black and white
champion shot ahead, taking-a good lead.
When nearing the game he eased up, hes
itated, and second money was the best he
could see. Sisquoc took advantage of the
lull, bolted to the front, made a pickup,
and the stake was r.Is.
Random Aim was lucky in making sec
ond place. Jimmle Anthony made good
to those who playe-1 him for a repeater.
He beat America, a 2 to 1 favorite, then
Twin City Girl . Black Flush and Lau
rence, but fell to Bona Fide in the semi
final after a close run to the hare. Rural
Artist performed well, getting decisions
from Royal Union anu Krin, who had Just
finished Floodgate, and then • losing to
* 4-4-4-M--M-M-I-M-H* *-H-*-H~K-*+*
HANDICAP DOUBLES WON
BY OOBNEIX AND SlkTITH
Match Between These Two and Col
lier and Crowell Best of
the Day.
The handicap doubles for the Davis
cups played j-esterday at the California
Club courts were aprain won in clever
style by Ray Cornell and Grant Smith,
this being their second consecutive win.
The other teams that have their names on
the cup twice are tne 'Whitney brothers
and Collier and Crcwell.
"The entry list Was rather small, but
there wa-s a large crowd of spectators on
hand, which was treated to some very
good tennis.
The first match of the dar was between
William Collier and Harold Crowell and
Paul Jones and Orville Pratt. The for
mer allowed the lattr.i odds of half thirty
and won in straight sets— 6-2, 6-4. Jones
and Pratt were slightly off in their game,
while their opponents played up to their
usual good form.
The next match, between Ray Cornell
and Grant Smith and Collier and Crowell,
was the best one of the (lay, and brought
out the best tennl3 of the tournament.
Collier and Crowell allowed their oppo
nents odds of fifteen and were beaten
easily-6-2. 6-4.,
In this match Cornell played a very
steady game and ably assisted Smith, his
partner. Much surprise was occasioned
by the ease with which Cornell and Smith
disposed of their opponents. Had the
handicap been half fifteen the match
would probably have been much closer.
The final match was between Chester
Smith and Sidney Salisbury and Ray Cor
nell and Grant Smith. On account of tho
lateness of the hour the finals were made
two sets out of three, instead of three out
of five. Cornell and Smith allowed
their opponents half thirty, and after be
ing almost beaten finally pulled them
selves together and won out by a small
margin. The game put up by C. Smith
and Salisbury In the first two sets was a
surprise to everybody. Salisbury's accu
rate driving and the smashing of his part
ner enabled them to win the first set
handily— 6-2. With a lead -of 4-2 against
them in the second set. Cornell and Smith
braced up and by some fast work won the
Bet _6-4. The. youngsters seemed to fall
off in their game in ilie last set, which fell
to their opponents— 6-2. In the early part
of this match Cornell played very er
ractically. but in tit's last settled down
and played good tennis. Throughout tho
tournament Grant Smith played his usual
aggressive net game.
Next Wednesday nfternon there will be
a scratch singles tournament ror ladies at
the California Club courts, on the corner
of Bush and Scott streets. \
•I-H-H--H-I- i i i -I--I ¦r--I-I-r--I-Z ¦!.¦! H-t-H
p»-j-|-«^HE San. Francisco Jockey Club an
1 nounced last niKht -that it-would
1 race at Tanforan to-day and all
\\ preparations have, been made in
accordance with this intention.
Horsea have been . shipped back if rpm
Ineleside, all the paraphernalia of a race
track has been loaded on tho cars and the
word given "from Ingleside to Tanforan.".
A nervous atmosphere hung" about the,
San Francisco Jockey Club offices . yester-.
day. Prince Poniatowski came ud, from
his Burlingame home, Alfred . Bouvier
drifted in and out with a patent perturba
tion of spirit, secretaries, ' clerks and
officers, all were there, full of mystery
and secret thoughts. First- the suggestion
went out that the jockey club would . fly
in the face of police authority and mayor
alty negation and race at Ingleslde Just
as if nothing had happened to the bill
passed by the local Supervisors. But soon
after there was more discretion than valor
Interjected into the plans, and It was. de
cided 'that the racing should be con
ducted at Tanforan. "•
Mayor Phelan has this statement to'
make to the public: "
My» position on Ingleside opening Is "clear/
and there is no necessity for a misunderstand
ing. . ¦•. : '. • ;
When Ingleslde was closed -two years ago
I approved the measure by signing it at once.
"Unrestricted betting had produced a crop of
embezzlements and crimes. The city treasury,
the United States internal revenue office, busi
ness houses and Individuals were its victims.
Later Tanforan was opened in San Mateo
County, and Emeryville, near Oakland, out
side the city's jurisdiction, yet patronized al
most exclusively by our own people. .
The present Board of Supervisors, In the.
same spirit of checking gambling, passed an
ordinance against bookmaklng on prize-fights,
which I approved, and ¦ the**|jeople at' the elec-'
tlon ratified it. In my message to the board
in January. 1900, I. condemned unrestrained
gambling as a great public evil. ¦ I stand by
that. ... - ; • -
When the <juest#«n came up recently. I
favored in an authorized Interview and In
an address before .the citizens' meeting called
by me, the N»w York law, which limits rac
ing to forty days. Here we have 180 days' ac
tual racing and S65 days possible. There was
no State law on the subject, and hence Emery
ville and- Tanforan were free to do as they
pleased. I told the meeting that the remedy
lay in the Legislature. I asked a prominent
citizen to move the appointment of a commit
tee at that meeting to visit Sacramento and
secure a limitation of the season as the best
practical remedy. He did not act, because
he was convinced at the meeting, I suppose.
that the evil should be suppressed, not regu- •
lated. I took the ground that we could afford
a: limited season v of racing In San Francisco,
but that we fhouhl secure the sport at the
least possible price to the community.
The bill was introduced in the Legislature,
and I awaited results. -It failed of support. •
I had but one Interview with the managers
of Tanforan,- and • stated- theso views. ¦•• ; 1 in
sisted on a State limitation. I was surprised
when Supervisor • Tobin introduced the -bill In
the Board 'of ¦. Supervisors, and . absolutely ad
vised no one and kept my hands off In order
to be. perfectly free to act -when the bill came
to me,- should it pass. It passed the board. ,
¦Mr.-Bouvier, an unfortunate diplomat, called
on me, .and I told him to let me -know by
letter if the season could be voluntarily, "re
duced by agreement with the other track. . In
stead of that he tried to make engagrements
by telephone,' but I did not want to subject
myself to personal pressure, so insisted *on
written 'communications, -which' were not sent.
I' correctly assumed that no agreement could
be made, -and that the Legislature would not
act. so, consistently with all my public and
authorized statements, I decided to veto the
bill, and did so on Friday, the last day, giv
ing the racing people all- the. time possible
for me to.glve them. They were notified by
telephone at 6 o'clock Friday that the > bill
was vetoed. I consented to see Mr, ' Bouvier
that evening, and he. . unexpectedly brought
Prince Ponlatowpki and others, which merely
resulted In a long Interchange of views. They
knew •' at 6 o'clock that the bill was vetoed.
The conversation fieveloped" that the Prince
failed In negotiations for a short season with
the rival • track owners, that the Legislature
was controlled by the Emeryville gambling in
terest and would not act. I told the gentle
men that my sympathy was with them as
between .factions, but I never let sympathy
Interfere with what I regarded as my duty
in the' premises and" wl«i sound public policy.
When I left them, the Prince understood . that
I, would, not yield and recall the veto, if that
were possible, and he then declared what he
would do and which I do not feel'- at liberty
now to state, as it affects his private business.
He presumed a great deal in arranging for
the race Saturday, of which I had no knowl
edge until .Friday, midnight. Of course he
could race any time without bookmaklng.
The present conditions are these: Two tracks
within eaey dlstanc» of San Francisco have
now unlimited racing, bookmaklng and pool-
Felling, and run six months In the ,year. I
have been laboring to reduce the length of
the season, as a practical measure of partial
relief. What I desired was that both rival
interests should ¦ agree to a short season. I
have done the best I could to effect that re
sult. I have had no communication directly
or indirectly with the managers of Emery
ville, leaving that to the Prince. As the case
stands .the rival tracks— in Oakland and San
Mateo — are now on an equality, and Ingleside
Is closed.
Let it remain closed until the racing men
make some adequate concession.
In any event, the next Legislature will be
asked to cut them off with- forty days all told
In this vicinity. .
Here is another problem that confronts
the San Francisco Jcckey Club and must
be solved early to-day. It is claimed by
the club that only thirty-three out of the
thirty-Hve days allowed it by law under
the limitation measure have expired. But
the officers of San Mateo County think
otherwise. They declare the thirty-five
days of racing permitted by the limitation
measure have been exhausted, and as the
rescission of this ordinance permitting un
restrained racing combined with poolsell-
Ing does not go into effect until March 19.
the San -Francisco' Jockey Club . will
violate the law if it races at Tanforan to
day. The following showa what action
the officials of San Mateo intend to take:
REDWOOD CITY, March 17.— An at
tempt will probably be made to run races
at the Tanforan track to-morrow, al
though by doing so the management of
the association will be subject to arrest
and , prosecution for violating a county
ordinance. On February 5 of this year
an ordinance went into effect which
limited the racing eeason to thirty-five
days in each year. The thirty-five days
expired March 15. On the 4th of March
the Board of i Supervisors . passed an
ordinance which repealed that of Febru
ary 5, but which does .not go into effect
until the 19th, hence, until this last date
the ordinance of February 5 is in force.
By conducting their races to-morrow the
association will unquestionably be violat
ing the law.» P. H. McEvoy, chairman of
the Board of Supervisors, was seen at his
home in Menlo Park to-day. He stated
that it would be unlawful for races to be
run in the county to-morrow. When
asked if an effort would be made to stop
the races, he said that that was a matter
for the peace officers of the county to at
tend to. The -Jurisdiction of the Board of
Supervisors ends with the enactment of
the laws, he said, and the enforcing of
them is a matter that relates to another
department, namely, the peace officers.
¦What action they would take he did not
know. '
It is expected that Sheriff Mansfield and
Under Sheriff Butts will prevent any vio
lation of the law should such be at=
tempted. J
While the San Mateo officials figure that
the San Francisco Jockey Club has had
thirty-five days "of racing, the club offi
cials contend that they have had but
thirty-four days and that there is an
other day due them, which Is to-day.
SISQUOC BEATS SPEEDY PALO ALTO
IN CHAMPION EVENT AT UNION PARK
The San Francisco Jockey Club-is still smarting under the lash administered by Mayor Phelan
when he vetoed .the ordinance.. psrraitting the reopening of JEngleside; "To Tanforan", is the cry, for it is
at this track the San Francisco Occkey Club intends to face to-day. Much is brewing in racing circles
and the knot is growing tighter and tighter. "Mayor ''Phelan, in a statement to the public, tries to ex
plain his' attitude and position, and the Sari Francisco- Jockey Club has taken to the law books and their
other track to offset the Mayor and their business opposition.
San Francisco Jockey Club Announces Its Intention of Hold
ing Races at the Tanforan Track--San Mateo County
Officers Will Permit No Violation of the Racing Law
HIS HONOR THE MAYOR, TWO RACE
TRACKS AND ONE JOCKEY CLUB
The automobiUsts took advantage of the
beautiful weather yesterday to take a run
out to Haywards and back. Three horse
less carriages went over on the 9 o'clock
creek boat to Oakland, the rendezvous be
tstg at the store of the Locomobile Com
pany, on Telegraph avenue. Here they
were Joined toy nine Oakland automo
biliFts. After repairing some tires that had
been punctured a start ¦was made at 10:25
a. m.. Miss Beth Hamilton, with Judge
W. TV. Spinks of British Columbia, lead
ing. The chauffeurs went out along
TweJfth street, crossing Lake Merritt and
making good speed along a well bitumln
lzed road. Thence the route lay along
East Fifteenth street and out along the
San .Leandro ' county road, bordered by
preen fields and orchards, many of the
latter being in full bloom. At the Hotel
EFtudillo. In San Leandro, the autos took
water and the mobilists ginger ale — and
other things. Getting under way again a
pleasant run brought the whole party to
Haywards, where the chauffeurs took din
ner at the hotel. At intervals of half an
hour or thereabouts ail along the way
Hops of a few "minutes had been made
for the purpose of having pictures taken,
and at Haywards the whole dozen autos
were drawn up in a double line while P.
F. Rockett climbed the upper piazza of
an adjoining house and took a shot at the
party. At Haywards half a dozen of the
chauffeurs decided to return by the way
they had come, while the rest varied the
monopoly by going through Castro Valley
end climbing up the hills bordering one
Fide of Lake Chabot. The latter proved a
picturesque trip, but one that severely
tried the climbing capacity of the autcs.
and also their ability to force their way
through deep rvlobe mud. One or two of
the autos were mirod. but by backing and
getting on a good headway contrived to
emerge on the other side. The varying
rtewi of Lake Chabot from the ridge were
flr.e. and, wh<>n Fan Leandro avenue was
*afel>- reached, all agreed that the experi
ence and mud a<-quired were extremely
valuable. From San Leandro the party
reached Oakland without further adven
ture or mishap.
The following named made the trip to
Haywards s.nd back:
F. A. Hunt and L. T. Andrews. J. A. Meyer
and II. D. W. Schmidt, in the "Pioneer";
O-arlfs E. Anthony and Earle C Anthony.
\v. I* Elliott and Frank L.. Taylor. Dr. P.
WaHhu W Mohawk and wife. W. H. Taylor
end William Mohr and H. A. Shafer from
Mount Ed<?n.
Those who ran out to Haywards. return-
Inc through Castro Valley .and past Lake
Chabot. are the following:
G. P. Moore and J. P. Edwards, Mies B«th
Hamilton and Judfe W. W. Splnks. P. F.
Rockett and wife. Dr. J. F. Lilly and wife.
Dr. Clark and friend. J. W. Henderson. Mrs.
Hendcn>r>n. E. M. Hall. Arthur Inkerslejr and
Horace Shank, from South Bend, Ind.
All the vehicles employed were pro
propelled by steam, with the exception of
the gasoline autos of J. A. Meyer and
W. L. Elliott. /
Line Is Led by an Expert Oakland
Chaffeuse, Who Acts as
Pilot to British
. Judge.
Experienca and Rural Mud
Gathered bj a Dozen
Automobolists.
CHAUFFEURS TAKE
RUN TO HAYWARDS
As the racing season now in progress
begins to show signs of age. several of
the big Eastern stables are getting their
belongings together and will soon be
beaded for Memphis, Tenn. The Schorr
string, in charge of Trainer Murphy, will
be snipped to the southern country . to
day, and in the same car Louis Ezell will
send along the pick of his stable, one a
two-year-old sister to The Lady, that
gives bright promise of being a "cherry
ripe" one. Later in the wec-js. probably
on Thursday Green Morris, with his
stable of cracks, will be started on the
journey across the hills. In this bunch*
are the great two-year-olds Cunard and
Golden cottage, the latter a very high
class fellow that will bear watching.
With the Morris string Tod Sloan will
load on the car his aristocratic timber
topper Credo, one of the very best ever
seen in these parts.
From, all accounts, Sam Hlldreth is
thoroughly disgusted with the local turf
aspect. Sam expended about $1000 in fit
ting up handsome quarters at Ingleside,
and then came the Mayor's veto. Hll
dreth said yesterday he would leave for
Memphis as soon as a car could be ob
tained. *
Peter Reilly, the bookmaker, together
with his crew, leaves for the Eastern
country to-day.
Tod Sloan will take his departure for
New York on Tuesday.
On Saturday last all of the records on
file of the American Turf Congress, of
which E. C. Hopper was secretary, with
headquarters at Lexington, Ky.. were
seized by F. F. Fowler. The latter is the
new secretary of the Western Turf Con
gress, and the action was no doubt tak
en to prevent the records from falling
•nto the. hands of the new Western
Jockey Club. ¦ ¦
Jockey Claude Burllnirame has been
notified" that h* ran accept mounts at
Oakland track. Claude is one of the best
light-weights riding here.
Oakland Entries.
•First race— Five and a half furlongs; three
yt-ar-olds and upward: selling: ; .
(2nng)Homai?e 95 1911 Katie Gibbons. 105
2109 Follow Me 9" 13R3 Hungarian 107
20.-.2 Gold Baron 107 2024 Small Jack 97
2118 Paul of Tarsus. 107 2109 Nullah 103
2123 Fairfax 1W (2033)Modwena 105
212R I Don't Know.l07j 2128 Glleeando 107
2142 Benroe 110
Feeond race— Futurity course; three-year-olds
snd upward; selling:
<20S6)I>eif Prince 100 2117 Todel 95
2109 Maydine ...107 2118 Clarando 10.
1754 Devereux 103 2081 The Benedict. ..118
(ISM)Gold Finder.. ..109 212« Miss Rowena...l07
12» Sujrden lU'<2C32)Alumlnum 109
2117 Midlove 107 1 1700 Florista 9S
Third race— Four furlongs; maiden two-year
olds; selling;:
2C34 Evea G 1C" 209* Teddy Marks. ..101
2141 Barklvite 10? 2111 Prestonlan ..... 9S
2010 Hard Night 101 2104 Flattered 98
1913 Vaeallo 10?. 1952 Montoya 103
2130 Frank Bain 106 2039 Pepper Sauce.. .106
20S2 Lento 106
Fourth race— Seven furlongs; four-year-olds
and upward: selling:
19»« Champion Rose.100', 204S Young Morello..l05
ClJSOHagerdon 105! 2142 Satan 102
2CI2 Bagdad 102; 20?S First Call.; 10S
2121 Merop* 105 2<*f>» Fille d" or.. .....100
2145 Morelllto 108' 621 Mldlan 105
Fifth mce-^One mile; four-year-olds and up
ward; eelling:
20S8 Jack McCabe...lM 2145 William F 105
2137 Barney F 105 2145 Mont Eagle 105
2141 Alturas lit 2O«> Mike Rice Ill
"053 Pilot 10S 2096 Jim McCleevy.,112
:i« Twinkle Twink.107- 1S70 Billy Moore 109
2C33 Fidel Toulln....lCS 2112 Juva 107
Sixth race— Seven furlongs; four-year-olds
and upward; selling: ¦
210S Horton 1111 2108 Pea Lion 106
2118 Gauntlet ¦ .106! 2H4 Tame Irishman.lOS
(21'*)"Scotch Plaid... .108! 2120 Goldone 102
21W Herculean 105 ! 192S Bathos 103
Fourth race— Merops, Hagerdon. Morelllto.
Oakland Selections.
First race— Hungarian. Saul of Tarsus. Small
Jack.
Second race— The Benedict, Florieta, Lelf
Prince.
Third race— Barklylte. Evea G. Vasallo.
Fifth racej-AHuras, Billy Moore, Mont
Eagle.
Sixtb race— Horton. Scotch Plaid. Herculean.
Green B. Morris and Sam Hildretli
Making Preparations to Ship.
Tod Sloan Departs on
Tuesday.
Joe Frey, the Derby Winner,
and His Stable Mates
Leave To-Day.
SCHORR STABLE
OFF FOR MEMPHIS
ROAD RACING
AGAIN POPULAR
. «
Bay City, California and
Olympic Wheelmen Hold
Short Events.
John Hobson Establishes a New
Record for the Eleven-Mile
Course in Golden Gate
Park. :--
The cycling season opened in earnest
yesterday, all three local clubs holding
big read races to prepare their men for
the annual relay race in May.
The' Bay City Wheelmen held a flvo
mile handicap from Sen Leandro to Hay
wards. There were thirteen starters, of
whom ten finished. Fred West won fir?t
place from the 30-second mark, and H. D.
Bean won tho time prize from the scratch
mark. The club has a ten-mile event
planned for April 3.
The Olympic Club Wheelmen held in
unpaccd j sealed handicap over a . new
course, about eleven miles long, starting
at the cyclers' fountain in the park, vta
old Olympic Club grounds, Dewey
Boulevard, Ingleside road, Ocean Boule
varti and cycle path to starting point.
There were nineteen starters and fourteen
finished in the following order: John
Hobson, 32:31. W. McKlnney. 33:314-5; C.
Long. 33:54 4-5; G. L. Anthony. 31:09; (J.
E. Kroetz, 34:29; P. Nagle, 31:30; S. Muer
hoff. 35:03; G. Gray, 35:27; E. Etienne.
35:59: E. Versanl, 38:54; S. Stoddard. 37:05:
F. Howe. 37:52; L. Bridgefoot. 3S:11; I-
Meyer, 38:54.
Hobson, who made the best time, was t!io
winner of the association twenty-five mile
race a fortnight ago. His time in yester
day's race is also record for this course,
as it previously stood at 31:10.
The California Cycling Club held a ten
mile event from Fruitvale to Haywards
There were twenty-five entrants and thir
teen finished. Thomas H. White won both
..rst place and first time from the
scratch mark, making it In 25:46. Follow
ing: is the score:
" * Name— Handicap. Riding Time.
1. T. H. White Scratch 25:46
2. H. Harnwell........ :40 26:18 2-5
3. 3. Bergeman :40 26:18 3-5
4. A. Carl - 1:00 ' *«:«
5. Jacob Holle l:C0 M:*S
6. E. Warren :20 2<>:0Sl-5
7. A. Barn well :20 26:03 2-5
8. K Kristensen 2:00 27:31
9. R. Tischner 1:00 2«:51 1-5
lCr. E. Eseberg 2:00 2J=je •
11. E. English 2:30 2*:25 1-a
12. II. Berrar 1:30 27:47
13. C. Pfelffer 1:00 '10:12
Ti?chner. Berrar and Warren fell dur
ing the race, otherwise thev might have
done better. No serious accident oc
curred to mar the sport.
'1 ne annual meeting and election of the
California Associated Cyclists will bo
held at the Olympic Club on Tuesday
evening, April 16.
The Nobles were victorious over tha
Golden Gates yesterday afternoon at
Recreation Park In a very poor exhibition
of the national sport. Although South
paw Tyson, who did the twirling for tha
winning aggregation had the opposing
team completely at hi? mercy at
every stage of the game, the re
sult was In doubt until the last
ball had been tossed over the
rubber. The work of Pitcher Tyson, both
in the box and at the bat, was spectacular
in the extreme. Out of four times at tbe
bat he negotiated four base hits, two Of
which were for two cushions. He alloweJ
but few bases on balls and struck out
ten of the Golden Gates. The stickwork
of Left Fielder Shea materially as
sisted in winning 1 the game. Thomas, at
third, made a brilliant one-handed stop,
for which he received an ovation from tha
gallery.
McMenomy. who officiated In the box
for the Golden Gates in the first part of
the game, received good support, but tn
the latter part he weakened and his team
went to pieces.
In the ninth inning, when the Xobles h*d
the game all but won. they lasped into a
state of lethargy and nearly forfeited th»
victory- At this poinl the score stood 6
to 10. with two hands gone. Johnson went
to first on a hit. and .was followed by
Poulter. Both scored on a Ions fly to
center, which was missed by Ford
CJynes came home on a single by Shen.
The good work was. however, interrupted
when Egan flew out to J. Shea. The score:
NOBLES.
An.' R. BH. SR PO. A. E.
Walter. 2b 5 1 1 1 3 * »
Sylva. ss 4 1112 3 1
Ja* K er. lb 5 0 1 0 * 0 »
Fife, cf 5 0 0 1 1 0 J
J. Shea. If 5 1 3 2 1 2 9
Carroll. Jb 4 0 1 0 2 1 1
Esan. rf 5 3 1 1 0 0 0
Ford, c 4 2 1 1 tt 0 0
Tyson, p 1 1 1 1 1' 2 Jt
Totals 41 Vkr 18 8 Z7 U 5
' GOLDEN GATES.
'¦ . AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
F. Johnson, lb.... 5 2 2 1 13 0 1
Peterson. 2b 5 1 1 0 1 2 »
Denny, rf 5 1 0 9 1 0 0
Thomas. Jb 5 1 1 1 1 » »
dynes, cf ? J ? ? - 2 2
Shea, c 5 1 1 1 » • »
McKune. ss ° ° 1 ? J « I
Spencer. If 4 J 1 1 1 2 I
McMenomy. p .... ! _ J! J J
Totals « 9 7 4 2« 10
Earned runs— Golden Gates. I; Nobles. J.
Two-base hits— Tyson and J. Shea. First basw
on balls— Off McMenomy. 4: off Tyson. 2.
Struck out— By Tyson. 10: by McMenomy. J.
Times of game— Two hours. Umpire— O Con
hell.
Hanford Wins.
BAKEBSFIELD. March 17.— The first in
a series of eight baseball games between
Hanford and Bakersflrtd- took place here
to-day. Hanford won by a score of 6 to 4.
A large crowd witnessed the contest,
which was interesting from start to finish.
League Officers Elected
MARYSVILLE. March 17.— At a meeting
of the Northern California Basehall
League held to-day Richard Belcher of
Marysvllle was elected president and TV.
E. Langson secretary. Marysville. Wood
land. Orovllle and the Kimball & Upson
team of Sacramento will constitute the
league.
Twirler Tyson Poes Some Spectacular
Work in the Box and Aiso
Leads His Team in
Stickwork.
VictonousatRecreationPark
In Uninteresting Ball
Game.
NOBLES DEFEAT
GOLDEN GATES
MORE KNOTTY FEATURES ARE ADDED TO PRESENT RACETRACK MUDDLE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MARCH 18, 1901.
Dies From Many Injuries.
PHOENIX. Ariz.. March 17. -News has
Just been received here of the death of
Joe Howcll, a miner in the West Yankee
Bhaf t at Clifton, who was killed by a
blast a few daya ago. Both eyes were
blown from ' their sockets, his arms were
torn off and several, pieces of rook were
blown into his body. He lived for two
days, however.
6
The men of the Fifth Cavalry arrived
from Fort Meyer, Va... via the Santa F<
route, yesterday. All of the men, except
ing the baggage escort, came over from
Point Richmond on the ferry steamer Sar
Pablo, and as soon as they landed or
this side' of the bay they were marched
aboard the transport Meade. A luncheor
had been prepared for them, and the mer
did full" justice to the meal. .
The- men of the Fifteenth Cavalry wli:
march in from the Presidio. to the Mead<
this morning, and at noon the transport
will get away. Th>» horses for the cav
alrymen will be put aboard the Pa k Ling
to-day, and that vessel will probably gel
away to-morrow. • The animals will b(
cared for by 100 m*n under Lieutenant;
Valentine and Arnold. The remaining
companies of the 'JVnth Infantry wiJ:
march. in from the Presidio this morning
TO SAIL.
Sun sets !M!"!!!!"6:13
Moon rises »4;S3 a." m.
» Time Time ~ Tlmel Time
i Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
a l tv . h w . x. vr u w,
13 ... 3:25 1.5 ,9:40 5.5 S:5S ~o7l 10:32 ~5
19 ... 4:12 0.9 m:^ R.« 4:3S 0.4 11:08 .6.7
M ... R:00 0.5 11:53 5.6 5:19 0.7 11:41 5.8
21 ... h-.an 0.1 12:24 5.5 «:(W 1.1 1.....
H W ti. W H W |i; W\
22... .0:21 6.0 -fi:36— 0.1 1:20 5.21 «:42| l.d
a ... 1:00 6.0 7:301—0.2 2:20 4.9 7:261 2.0
24 ... 1:45 6.0 8:26-0.2 8:25 4.7| 0:16| Z.4
'US.
ian I'edro...... HumbolJt Mar. 18
fucnptl Valparaiso & Way Pts. Mar. 18
Venn-...:....... Tillasnook Bay........... Mar. 13
3el Norte...... Crescent City....... Mar. IS
vlandalay...... Coqullle- River Mar. l-j
rtalnlcr......... San Pedro Mar IS
%nco:;: ......... Coqullle '- River '. Mar. IS
-uella.......... Sen Pedro ..........:... Mar. H
Dollar..: Seattle .'.......... Mar IS
Hattewan.....: Tacoma Mar. li
Jonoma. .;...... Sydney & Way Ports. .JMar. IS
Tmatllla.. Pupet Pound Ports ....IMar. IS
s T omo City..... Humboldt ............... Mar. 19
Mackinaw | Seattle Mar. »
Eureka Huir.boldt /.. Mar. 29
Willamette Oyster Harbor Mar. 20
Corona Newport (Mar. M
W. H. Kruger. San Pedro |Mar. 21
Coronado San Pedro IMar. II
Columbia....... Portland and Astoria.. I Mar. 21
Newburs Grays Harbor fMar. n
Alliance Portland A Coos Bay. .'Mar. H
Point Arena Point Arena | Mir. 21
Santa Rosa |San Diego IMar. 21
Acapulco Panama & Way Ports.. IMar. S2
Gaelic China and Japan IMar. il
State of Cal.'... Portland A Astoria IMar. 21
Crescent City.. Crescent City .... ......IMar. n
Steamer. I Destination. [Sails.! Pier.
Mnrch 1». I f
Newport Fanama & Way Pt 12 m!FMS3
Mnrrh ID.
North Fork.. Humboldt Dam-Pier 2
Arjro Coqullle Hlver .... 4 pmjPler 1
Kalnler Reattl* & N. What. 10 am; Pier 1
Arcata Coos Bay i2 ml Pier 13
Pomona Humbotdt S pmiPier »
O W. Elder. Astoria & Portland 11 amlPler Z*
Bonlta NewtKirt 9 am I Her U
March 2O. |
Mandalay.... Coqui!l« River .... 5 pm'Pler 3
San Pedro.... HumW.it W am! Pier I
Queen Fan Dlrra >aroF1*r 11
Acme ; Tlllamo<3k B*t ....j IPler 1*
Mnrrh SI. I !
W. Kroner... Tltlamonk Bay ....J 5 pmlPter IS
Australia Tahiti direct f 2 pm!P1«r 7
Tucap«l ¦ Valnaratsn * Way.112 roiS.W. X
March US. I I
C. Kelson... Seattle via EureJta.l 8 pmlPlsr S
Coronado Orays TIarhor I 3 pmlPter I
UmattUa Pujret Sound Ports.lll amlPler »
Corona.. N«wmrt I » amtPler U
March SS. I '
HtyPeklns.. Chin* A Japan ! 1 pmlTMSS
Argyll »;. T. r. Panama.l I ptmPter XI
Point Arena. Point. Arern I 5 ptniPUr 3
Alliance .. PtW «nd Coo* Bay! iPier —
Sun sets !M!"!!!!"6:13
Moon rises »4;S3 a." m.
» Time Time ~ Tlmel Time
i Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
a l tv . h w . x. vr u w,
13 ... 3:25 1.5 ,9:40 5.5 S:5S ~o7l 10:32 ~5
19 ... 4:12 0.9 m:^ R.« 4:3S 0.4 11:08 .6.7
M ... R:00 0.5 11:53 5.6 5:19 0.7 11:41 5.8
21 ... h-.an 0.1 12:24 5.5 «:(W 1.1 1.....
H W ti. W H W |i; W\
22... .0:21 6.0 -fi:36— 0.1 1:20 5.21 «:42| l.d
a ... 1:00 6.0 7:301—0.2 2:20 4.9 7:261 2.0
24 ... 1:45 6.0 8:26-0.2 8:25 4.7| 0:16| Z.4
'US.
ian I'edro...... HumbolJt Mar. 18
fucnptl Valparaiso & Way Pts. Mar. 18
Venn-...:....... Tillasnook Bay........... Mar. 13
3el Norte...... Crescent City....... Mar. IS
vlandalay...... Coqullle- River Mar. l-j
rtalnlcr......... San Pedro Mar IS
%nco:;: ......... Coqullle '- River '. Mar. IS
-uella.......... Sen Pedro ..........:... Mar. H
Dollar..: Seattle .'.......... Mar IS
Hattewan.....: Tacoma Mar. li
Jonoma. .;...... Sydney & Way Ports. .JMar. IS
Tmatllla.. Pupet Pound Ports ....IMar. IS
s T omo City..... Humboldt ............... Mar. 19
Mackinaw | Seattle Mar. »
Eureka Huir.boldt /.. Mar. 29
Willamette Oyster Harbor Mar. 20
Corona Newport (Mar. M
W. H. Kruger. San Pedro |Mar. 21
Coronado San Pedro IMar. II
Columbia....... Portland and Astoria.. I Mar. 21
Newburs Grays Harbor fMar. n
Alliance Portland A Coos Bay. .'Mar. H
Point Arena Point Arena | Mir. 21
Santa Rosa |San Diego IMar. 21
Acapulco Panama & Way Ports.. IMar. S2
Gaelic China and Japan IMar. il
State of Cal.'... Portland A Astoria IMar. 21
Crescent City.. Crescent City .... ......IMar. n
Steamer. I Destination. [Sails.! Pier.
Mnrch 1». I f
Newport Fanama & Way Pt 12 m!FMS3
Mnrrh ID.
North Fork.. Humboldt Dam-Pier 2
Arjro Coqullle Hlver .... 4 pmjPler 1
Kalnler Reattl* & N. What. 10 am; Pier 1
Arcata Coos Bay i2 ml Pier 13
Pomona Humbotdt S pmiPier »
O W. Elder. Astoria & Portland 11 amlPler Z*
Bonlta NewtKirt 9 am I Her U
March 2O. |
Mandalay.... Coqui!l« River .... 5 pm'Pler 3
San Pedro.... HumW.it W am! Pier I
Queen Fan Dlrra >aroF1*r 11
Acme ; Tlllamo<3k B*t ....j IPler 1*
Mnrrh SI. I !
W. Kroner... Tltlamonk Bay ....J 5 pmlPter IS
Australia Tahiti direct f 2 pm!P1«r 7
Tucap«l ¦ Valnaratsn * Way.112 roiS.W. X
March US. I I
C. Kelson... Seattle via EureJta.l 8 pmlPlsr S
Coronado Orays TIarhor I 3 pmlPter I
UmattUa Pujret Sound Ports.lll amlPler »
Corona.. N«wmrt I » amtPler U
March SS. I '
HtyPeklns.. Chin* A Japan ! 1 pmlTMSS
Argyll »;. T. r. Panama.l I ptmPter XI
Point Arena. Point. Arern I 5 ptniPUr 3
Alliance .. PtW «nd Coo* Bay! iPier —letic Contests and Special Music
Are Features.
Distribution of Valuable Prizes, Ath-
The Brotherhood of Boilermakers and
Iron Ship Builders of America held their
second annual Joint picnic at Shell Mound
Park yesterday. About 4000 guests were
present, and special entertainments, ar
ranged by Captain Slebe. afforded plemy
of recreation and amusement. One hun
dred and four gate prizes were given
away, ranging from $2 to $25 In valuf.
Twenty-five athletic events were held for
children, young men and women, fat men
and women, families and committees, for
cash prizes, fancy articles and provisions.
The pavilion and dining hall were utilized
for dancing, for which two orchestras and
a band furnished music.
The committees were as follows:
Floor-B. Hall. J. Healy. J. Slmonda, O.
GUrnore. XV. McDermott. J. Petrle. B. Hllken
and G. Moss. . _^i „ ._ „
ArranKcments- B. Day. W\ Bracken. O.
Llllls. A. .CniiS. H. McNesby. J. Healy. 8.
Nolan. J. Owens, J. Simonds, T. J. Sheridan,
J. MrAvoy and R. Wray.
Games anil prUe»— H. B. MeXesby. A. Cral*.
R. Wray. G. Moore. G. Bracken and T. Ke«
nan.
ANXIOUS ' FOR MORE FIGHTS.
Terry McGovern Will Look for Chal-
lenges While on This Coast.
NEW YORK, March 17.— Terry McGov
crn, featherweight champion pugilist, who
is matched to fight Oscar Gardner before
the 'Twentieth Century Athletic Club at
San Francisco on April 30, said to-day
that it is his intention to meet all comers
as soon as he gets to the coast. He pre
fers Frank Erne of Buffalo or Tom Hag-
gerty, the Australian champion, just as
soon as possible after his bout with
Gardner has been decided. He is willing
to conced* several pounds In weight In
order to get on a match with all who
claim chances'in the West.
Aged Author Is Dead.
HARPSWELL, Me.. March 17.-=-The Rev.
Elijah Kellogg, author and ¦ preacher,
whose fame rested on his books for boys
and his composition "Spartasus to the
Gladiator." which nearly every schoolboy
has learned at some time, died at his
home to-day in his eightieth year. A con
stitution weakened by advancing yeara
could not throw off the effects of bron
chial pneumonia, from, which he suffered
for some days.
BOILERMAKERS AND SHIP
BUILDERS HOLD PICNIC
MEN OF WASHINGTON
SEEK CALIFORNIA OIL
Formation of a Company in Tacoma
Which Will Immediately Begin
Operations in Kern.
TACOMA. March 17.— While numerous
companies are now exploiting the suppos
ed oil lands of Washington, a dozen
business men of Tacoma and Seattle havo
determined to Invest their money in Cali
fornia, where drilling for oil is no longer
an uncertainty. They have purchased
eighty acres of land in a Kern Coun'.y
field, near Bakersfleld. and have organ
ized the Queen Oil Company here to dri'.l
wells. Only Washington men will bo In
terested, with the exception of George A.
Damron, an oil man of Balcersfleld, who
is vice president of the company. The
Washington men in the company include
George M. Stewart, Postmaster of Seattle,
who Is president; Dr. J. N. Prather of
Seattle, who will be manager, and Judge
James A. Williamson, a member of the
Superior Court bench here. Manager
Prather left for California last night to
purchase machinery and commence work.
LISBON EXCITED OVER
JESUITS' ALLEGED ACT
It Is Claimed That They Persuaded
Wealthy Young Lady to Take
ths Veil.
MADRID. March 17.— Advices received
here to-day from Lisbon dealing with the
anti-Jesuit demonstrations In the Portu
guese capital and in other parts. of tho
country say:
"The Jesuits here urged a very wealthy
young lady named Braga to leave her
home and persuaded her to take the veil.
Much excitement has been caused by a
revelation of the facts of the case.
"Kins Charles consented to receive a
delegation from Oporto strongly urging
the suppression of religious congregations
in Portugal and presenting a manifesto In
favor of the establishment of a national
church under papal authority, but with
Portuguese priests.
"The Lisbon police have seized a mani
festo In favor cf the Jesuits and protest
ing against the demonstrations against
them as persecutions. The. newspapers
continue to publish violent anti-Jesuit ar
ticles, accusing the Government of delib
erately neglecting to enforce the laws."
FLAMES DEVOUR WHOLE
BLOCK OF BUILDINGS
Eight Dwelling Houses and a Liv
ery Stable Completely Demol
ished at Kansas City.
KANSAS CITY. March 17.— Fire de
stroyed all of the buildingrs in the blocK
bounded by Fifth and Sixth streets and
Kansas and Scott avenues in the Armour
dale district of Kansas City, Kans.. . at
midnight to-night.
Two firos started simultaneously in two
joints, one of which was located at Fifth
street and Kansas avenue and thsbther ;tt
Sixth street and Kansas avenue, and both
fires spread to adjoining buildings andjle
stroyed eight dwelling houses and- a liv
ery stable. The contents of all thebuild-
Inps. including six livery horses, were de
stroyed. The causes of the flres p.re un
known. The loss is estimated at $50,000. .
ANDREW CARNEGIE STILL
? GIVING HIS MONEY AWAY
Offers Kewanee and Windsor Public
Libraries if They Wil Furnish . .. .
Suitable Sites. .
KEWANEE, 111.. March 17.— Andrew
Carnegie hns offered &O.00O to . Kewanee
for. a library buildlnp, a site to be fur
nished and $5008 a " year ¦ for maintenance
guaranteed. ¦ .--..- .-¦'• - ¦ ,
WINDSOR. Ont.. March 17.— Andrew
Carnegie has offered 1 $20,000 for, a. public
library, the city to furnish a site and to
appropriate $2500 annually for '.mainte
nance.' ,->• ; •>¦-•"
RETAIL HARNESS MEN
MEET AT BANQUET
Hotel by Members of the
Organization.
Enjoyable Time Had at the California
The first annual banquet of the Retail
Harness Makers* Protective Association,
held in the California Hotel Saturday
evening, was a very enjoyable affair.
Fully three-score-and-ten members an 1
invited guests sat around the table.
Frank O'Kane. president of the associa
tion, was toastmaster. His introductory
speeches were witty and appropriate ami
the speeches made in reply by Messrs.
Haskell, Marx, Kempke. Davis. Oldhan
and others were interesting and well re
ceived.
.The Retail Harness Association now ha*
more than 100 members. A convention
held In the afternoon was productive of
much good. Old officers were re-elected
ajiy many new dealers were elected Into
the organization.
Chicago Commercial Club Members
ON MONTEREY SANDS
Enjoy a Brief Stay at the Beau
tiful Seaside Resort. .
DEL. MONTE. March 17.— A special car
arrived here thl3 afternoon from San
Francisco, bringing fifteen members of
the "billion" dollar" party of tourists, otn
erwise the Chicago Commercial Club, who
are now touring the State. The members
of the party are: J. F. Cuykendall, H.
a. Keyes, W. J. Chalmers. G. C. Walker.
J. M. Clark. Murray Nelson. 'C. E. Hertz,
XV. T. Baker, F. • H. Head, B. I,. Smith.
J. H. Bradley. Chicago; William M'orth
lngton, E. C. Gosham, Cincinnati, and T.
W. Morton and H. N, Davis. St. Louis.
Though here only a short time, the par
ty made good use of Its time, and visited
all the points of interest in and around
Monterey, Including the celebrated Cy
press drive. The weather was. clear and
balmy, with Just enough sharpness In
the late afternoon wind to take away the
langour that the sunshine would have
produced. All of the visitors from tho
"windy city" declare that there Is n".
place like Monterey. The points of his
toric interest in Old Monterey were look
ed at with great interest by the visitor,
and New Monterey and Pacific Grovo
came In for a large share of praise. The
possibilities and beautiful location of Mon
terey and its environs specially impressol
them.
To-night a dinner was given the party
in the hotel by J. H. Bradley, who i-»
the acting "lord high admiral" of thl.«
portion of the party. The party leaves
to-morrow morning for San Francisco via
San Jose and the Santa Clara Valley. To
morrow another division of the Commer
cial Club will arrive here, and will ro
main several days.
No Set Programme for To-Day.
The members of the Chicago Commer
cial Club have arranged no set pro
gramme for to-day's entertainment. They
will be free lances and will spend , the
day as their individual fancy suggests.
Some' will drive through the park, while
others will visit the business houses and
other place?. In the j evening the party
will leave for Portland. Or., where the
members will be extensively entertained.
From Eureka to R?d Bluff,
-Passes Away.
CALIFORNIA PIONEER
;, . DIES- IN .THE EAST
Colonel Van Wyck, Who Drovs Stage
NORFOLK, Va.,- March 17.— Henry D.
Van Wyck died of pneumonia nt the At
lantic Hotel to-day. He was ownor
of Van Wyck's Academy of Music here,
one of the finest theaters in the South.
He leaves an estate valued at about half
a million.
Colonol Henry Dubo!s Van Wvck wa *
born and educated in Fishklll. N. Y. In
1849 he went to California, resldlns at
Eureka, several year 0 later moving to
Portland. Or., then to Idaho. Ho estab
lished .1 Ptajre route from- Kureka to Rel
Bluff, Cal.V a dis'anco of 1C0 miles, and
for a number of , years ' carried . express
matter and na^^ngers, contending with
many noted bandits. * ¦
- In "1866 he became neoualnted with
Oeoige P. Gordon, ine" inventor of the
Gordon printing pr«w, and a year: lat«?r
wpnt to Virginia nnd k v!th ; Gordon bought
3000 -acres of land. In 1879 Gordon died
and three years later Van Wyck marriod
the widow. . She died iii.lS5D,in California.
- Challenge to Englishmen.
BOSTON. March '17.'— Harvard "arid Yale
have, challenged Oxford and , Cambridge
for a^ regular ?et of track games, to be
held '> .n New t York during ; the early part
of next July. .The challenge was sent last
week and an-answer bV'Cable is exnected
in a- few-days. -Caotaln J. ¦ D->Hallo-weU
of the Harvard track team confirmed the
fact that, the ehallengeihad bean sent.
De Rodays Still Feverish.
¦;'. PARISH March - IS.— The condition • of M.
de Rodnys, y/ho was wounded in the thigh
Saturday in a ; duel > with ¦ Cor.nt Boni ¦ de
Castellane. continues, slightly .-""feverish."
but.there is no special anxiety concerning
hlra. ; ¦¦- •¦-.-".• -'¦: ¦¦ : - .'¦"";-
MRS. MAYBRICK MAY
REGAIN VAST LANDS
Release From Prison of the American
Woman Will Probably Cause
. Trouble for a Syndicate.
LONDON, March 17.— Friends of Mrs.
Maybrick are not abating their appeals
for her liberation which they renewed on
the King's ascension, although so far the
authorities have made no favorable sign.
It fs a fact, a certain land syndicate on
the other side of the water stands to lose
several millions of dollars the moment
Mrs. Maybrick is released.
For some time prior to her arrest the
agent of the syndicate tried to purchase
an enormous area of real estate in which
Mrs.* Maybrick and her mother possessed
reversionary interest.' Having no occa
sion, to sell their rights they . refused, but
when the enormous debt of the defense at
the trial put the ladles in monetary diffi
culties the case was otherwise. By some
mysterious coincident the agent appeared
at a critical moment and offered to buy a
small portion of the land for iOOO pounds.
The deed was actually signed by Mrs.
Maybrick, without being read.' during the
time the Jury was deliberating on their
verdict. Eventually it was found that the
wnole area of land, estimated to be worth
' $8,000,000 had been technically included in
tho deed. Mrs. Maybrick's mother, who is
now practically penniless and Infirm, took
steps to invoke American law on behalf
of justice, and the title of the syndicate
has been suspended. Sir Matthew White
Ridley was appealed to to allow Mrs.
Maybrick to make an affidavit in prison
relating to this deed, but even this simple
privilege vras refused.
OIL STOVE EXPLODES
AND SEVEN LOSE LIFE
House at Cascade Catches Fire Frora
the Kerosene, Which Scatters,
and Occupants Perish.
CAMPBELLTOWN, N. B. March 17.-1-
Seven persons were burned to death last
night at Cascade, Quebec, as the result of
an explosion , of a coal oil stove in | the
house of John Gauthier of Gauthier &
Miller,! merchants.
SHAYNE WEBS EX-WIFE
OF HIS WOULD-BE SLAYER
Married to Former Mrs. Martha K.
Hammond, Whose Husband
Shot at Him.
CHICAGO. March 17. — Announcement Is
made here of ihe marriage of John T.
Shayne, the wealthy Chicago merchant,
and Mrs. Martha K. Hammond, former
wife of Harry EX. Hammond. They were
married on Thursday last in Pittsburg at
the home of ex-State Senator H. E. Rob
ertson.
The wedding recalls • the sensational
shooting of Shayne by Hammond nearly
two years ago in the cafe of the Audito
rium Annex, '.n this city, where Shayne
was dining with Mrs. Hammond, who was
then separated from her husband. Shayne,
though supposed to be fatally wounded,
finally recovered. Hammond, who is a
merchant tailor, was subsequently tried
on the charge of attempting murder and
acquitted after a sensational trial.
.
VENTCE OFTESS LARGE
BEWABD TO RESCUERS
Compensation of Twenty Thousand
Lire to Whoever Finds Count
Quirini and Other Explorer.
VENICE. March 17.— The municipal
council of Venice offers a prize of 20,000
lire to any Italian or foreign navigator
who may rescue Count Franco Quirlnl
and the Norwegian sailor who disap
peared from the exploring party of the
Duke of iAbruzzl during his Arctic expe
dition in the Stella Polare. A reward of
5000 lire is offered to any one who fur
nishes definite news as to the fate of the
missing men.
Mangled by the Train.
GILROY. March 17.— W. R. Tran,.a con
ductor of a construction train at the
front, had both legs' mangled in an acci
dent last evening. Tran was formerly on
the line betwc«n Gilroy and Tres Pinos.
A special train took him to the railroad
hospital in San Francisco to-day.
! Is the canal bill, which was passed by the
; Houxe at the first session, and which it was
i hoped the Senate would pass during the ses
sion Just closed. That it would have been.
!t is certain, had it not been for the complica
tion (trowing out of the Ilay-Pauncefote treaty.
The failure of England to accede to the amend
ment made by the Senate rendered It Impos
sible to take action on the canal bill without
a violation of our honor as a nation In dis
regarding a treaty which our constitution
makes the supreme law of the land. There-
I fore It became necewary to permit the bill
¦ to lapse with the session. If England does
not consent to the amended Hay-Pauncefote
treaty It will be abrogated and the canal .built
bv the United States.
Another bill of very great Interest to the
Paelne Court, because of the increase in Trans-
Pacific commerce which Is sure to occur, is
the ship subsidy bill. It 1*. I think, very
generally agreed that something should be
done to encouraee the American merchant
marine and to induce the establishment of
new lines to foreign ports under the American
flag that our roods may have behind them In
foreign countries the prestige which a great
fleet of merchant vessels glvee.
i Contained Objectionable provisions.
But' the bill introduced In the IIoura and
Senate contained provision* which did not
commend themselves to the friends of th» prin
ciple and It was opposition to these particular
provisions which prevented definite action at
the past session. One of the moist Important
objections was the provision admitting forelxn
butlt ships to American registry and to ttie
.benefits ot the euhsidy, which was thought
would militate against the American ship
builder and would co far to defeat one of the
object* of the measure, which le to stimulate
shipbuilding In America. It was thought. • too,
that the provisions of the bill would tend to
benefit existing lines rather than to encour
age the eeubllfhment of new lines so much
needed, bo that in reality the benefits to com
merce would not be no great as designed.
There were a few other objections which,
however, could have easllr been met by amend
ments", but those mentioned above appecr to
have been those which finally prevented action
on the bilf. '
I am Mire, however, that another bill will
be introduced at thr next session, and I hope
will be of such a character ae to commend it
eelf to all. The subject, however. Is a very
complicated one, and it- doea net surprise me
that the true basis of ruch a bill as Is needed
was not found during the short time that it
has been under discussion. This discussion,
however, has been more full at the past ses
sion than ever before, and I am hopeful that
the different problems arf now so well under
stood that as unobjectionable bill may be
framed.
orchestra are the entertainers of the week
at Fischer's concert house.
A "request" concert will be given on
Friday evening next by Mme. Carreno at
Sherman & Clay Hall. The price will be.
a popular one a.nd seats are now on sale
at Sherman & Clay Hall.
The new acts which open at the Chutes
to-day are the great Malvern family of
acrobats, the Andersons' colored comedy
duo; late of the Orpheum; Baroness von
Tllse. soprano; George Austin Moore, the
celebrated dialect singer; the Kelcey sis
ters ' in new dances. All Zada in new
sleight of hand tricks and comic moving
pictures.
farce this week for menu in "The Proper
Caper," one of the New York Madison
Square Theater's productions. The plot
hinges on the peculiar results of the use
of goat'B blood as an inoculatory elixir of
youth upon a senile old person, who at
tempts to play Mephisto to his own Faust.
• .. • •
Techow's cat3, a quaint and clever ani
mal act that is delightful to old and young
alike. Is one of the headllners at the Or
pheum this week. Papinta is a favorite
from last week's bill. Amlel. Smith and
Campbell, Coakley. and- Husted are new
names. .
The Fiechtls. F. W. Baker, Olive Vail.
Lillian Jeanette, Charles W. Coglll, Trlx
eda, B. A. Bentley, Chester and Hlnricha*
Reliance Gun Club's Captain Leads
in the Score Which Begins
SEAVEB WINS HONORS
AT OPENING SHOOT
the Ssason.
OAKLAND. March 17.— The Reliance
Gun Club opened the season to-day with
a "bluerock" shoot at its ground3 on th<»
Alameda side of the estuary. The weather
was perfect. A large crowd of marks
men iras in attendance. Captain Seaver
made the high score, breaking 122 out of
145 targets. Debenham and Schrieber shot
well.
The detailed scores are as follows:
JAMES M. "WARD AS MTLE3 NA COPPALEEN IN "COLLEEN BAWN."
MR. WARD WILL APPEAR IN THE BIG BENEFIT PERFORMANCE
ON THURSDAY EVENING.
MANY MARKSMEN
AT SCHUETZEN PARK
Good Scores Made — Great Prepara
tions for the Formal Opsning
.on the 31st.
A large number of marksmen assembled
at Schuetzen Park ranges yesterday and
did some good shooting. The day was per
fect. Great preparations are being made
for. the opening of the park on the 31st
inst. A shooting and bowling festival
open to all comers will be~" held at that
time.
The scores yesterday were as follows:
California Schuetzen Club, bullseye *hoot —
Charles Sagehorn. 1482; J. U. Ut*ch!K. 784; E.
Werne, 1827; H. Schroeder, 643; J. Ktaub. 43«;
J. Backtnan, O. BurmeiMer. 1851: V. A.
Kuh!«, 780; D. W. McLaughlin. 13": L. C.
Babln, 736; C. M. Henderson, 835; A. Rahvryler.
9C8; D. Aherns. 139S: A. Bertlesen. »«2: -L. Reu
bold. 1443; G. Tammeyer. «63; A. Gehret. 531;
F. Relde, 2561: F. A. Schruxnph. 10T3; A. von
Wyl, 11S7: A. Junsblut. 6f«; H. En?e. 421: XV.
Khrenpfort 1507: C. Peach. 1083: C. Out. 1210:
A. Bruess, 609: O. Bruner. 1771; J. T. Peck. 8?9;
F Attinjcer, 1255; F. D. Smith,' 1323; J. Hom
mann 203; VT. Nolden, 2754: L.. Theirbach, 1525;
R. Stettin. 1S33; F. E. Manon, 157; J. C. Wal
ler, .2041; T J. Carroll. 137J: C. Meyer. 11S1;
G Richmiller. 1819; Phllo Jacoby. 1341; A.
Utschig. 773; J. Jones. 768: M. Reubold. 2123:
P J. Dunne. 1047; D. B. Faktor. 332; A.
Strecker. 1381; W. GUndemann, 465.
Cadets— R. Meyerhofer, 1240; Frank Car
re II. 1334.
San Francisco Turners' Schuetien Club,
bullseye shoot— !>. Bruene, 1074; F. ¦ Klatz».
1254: J. Staub. 1300: F. Rommer. 1327: R,
Lange. 409: Captain F. Attlnger. 631; C Neil
sen, 1851; C. Sagehorn, 1S76; O. Burraeistfr, 639;
W. Schmalzler. 1041: F. Kruekel. 2069; B.
Junttn, 1398: P. Jacoby. 2025; A. Utschiir. 707:
H. Enge, 1310; F. A. Schrumpf, 963; C. Peach.
1725; \V. Nolden. 106S; Georcre Tammeyer. 463.
Grutll Section. bull««ye ehoot. best centers —
First. James Bachmann; seeend. A. HInter
mann; third, John Bru jrieer; fourth, R, Han
sen; fifth. O. Jrudorf: sixth, F. Baumgarten;
seventh. A. Studer; eighth. Charles Gut.
A. Brehm medal. A. Hintermann; GUnde
mann medal. J. R. Hanser.
AT the Grand Opera-house to-night
will begin an engagement second
only In importance to the great
Grau season of grand opera last
year, ihat of the Sembrich Opera
Company, with "The Barber of Seville."
Marcella Sembrich ranks with the Pattls
and. Melbas of the operatic Btage. Vocal
ly as splendidly endowed as Melba, her
dramatic genius is infinitely greater. Her
support, too, is far " above the aver
age support of the operatic star, Signor
Bensaude, the barytone, nnd the conduct
or. Signor Bevlgnani. in particular being
highly distinguished.
"The Barber of Seville," which will be
the opera of the evening, gives splendid
opportunity, both to Mme. Sembrich,
whose Rosina is th^ best on the stage,
and to Signor Bensaude, who Is delight
fully heard as Figaro. Tha rest of tho
cast will be as follows: Mme. Mattfeld
and Slgnors Rossi. Dado, Galazzi, - Vanni
and De Lara. Wednesday evening will be
given over to "La* Travlata" and Satur
day's programme will be "Don Pasquale."
St. Patrick's day will be celebrated this
afternoon at the Central Theater with a
presentation of the celebrated Irish drama
"Colleen Bawn," in which James M.
Ward will appear as Myles na Coppa
leen. An oration will be delivered by S.
M. Shortridge, and a poem by John M.
Miller at the beginning of the programme.
The benefit performance for the "de
pendent mothsrs, widowB and orphans of
the engineers who lost their lives in the
wreck of the Rio de Janeiro, by the same
company, will take place next Thursday
evening under the auspices of the Marine
Engineers' Beneficial Association. Tickets
are now on sale at all the newspaper of
fices, price $1.
* • •
The Alhambra has this week a lurid
melodrama of low life-in New York, called
"The Angel of the Alley." A large house
greeted the opening performances yester
day and seemed to enjoy the drama.
There are all the usual ingredients and
more — the make-up of the "Angel," abduc
tions,. murders, saintly heroines, black
browed villains and the like; but there is
also a tough girl, very well done by Belle
Darling 1 , and a May Irwinlsh figure, Kate
rlna Katzenjammer, cleverly played by
Miss LillJe Hall. The angel of the alley is
done by Miss Vera Hamilton, who is dis
tinctly worthy a better part. The scenes
are laid In the Bowery of New York and
at Sing Sing prison.
To-night begins the second and final
week of "The Telephone Girl" at the Cal
ifornia Theater. "The Telephone Girl"
has found much favor with the patrons of
the theater, anl the Nix eccentricities, ex
cellently acted by Harry Hermsen, are
nightly greeted with roars of laughter.
"The Highwayman" will hold the boards
at the Columbia Theater for yet another
week, with Lole Fuller as the attraction,
and will then give way to "The Little
Minister," a Frohman production, which
will be seen here for the first time.
The Tivoll will present to-night Stange
and Edwards' "The Wedding Day," when
Paul Steindorff. late conductor of the
Alice Nielsen Opera Company, will make
his bow as director to the Tivoli audi
ences. An especially good production is
promised and all the Tivoli favorites will
appear to advantage.
The Alcazar Theater will have a lively
The "Williams-Perley Opera Company,
¦which was formerly known as the Alice
Nielsen Opera Company, closed its Amer
ican season Saturday night, March 16, at
Philadelphia. The company now, goes to
New York, from which place it embarks
for London on "Wednesday on the steamer
Majestic. The company will be seen at
the Shaf tsbury Theater after its arrival
in the British capital, and expects to re
main there a year.
James M. Ward Will Appear in "Golleen Bawn" at the
Central— Final Week of '"The Telephone Girl" at the
California—Good Bills at Orpheum and Other Theaters
COLUMBUS. Ohio. March 17.-Charles
Johnson, cashier of the First National
Bank of Niles, Mich., was arrested here
to-day on the charge of 'wrecking that In
stitution. He was placed in the Emer
gency Hospital at the police station, be
cause of his physical condition. He is
badly broken in health, much emaciated
and very nervous.
He expressed a willingness to return to
Michigan at once.
Johnson is said to have come to Colum
bus immediately after leaving Nlles. about
two weeks ago, when the investigation of
the bank's affairs was begun. >
-Shortly after his arrival here Johnson
wrote to a friend in Nlles requesting that
he send him a number of articles, an.l
instructing him to send them in care of
J. B. Elliott, the alias which he assumed
upon his arrival here. The friend gav;
the letter to Thomas A. Porter, a secret
service officer, and Mr. Porter came ti»
this city this morning. He enlisted the
services of Detective Foster, and to
gether they sent Johnson a decoy letter,
signed with his friend's name. The let
ter asked Johnson to meet his friend on
West Goodale street and receive the ar
ticles for which he had written. John
son fell into the "trap.
.Johnson was greatly surprised when he
thus fell, into the hands of the officer.?,
but quickly consented to return to Nile".
He declined to talk about the affairs of
the bank. On the prisoner's person were
found certificates of deposit for $1500 ir
the Hayden-Clinton National Bank of
this city. Papers found in a pocketbooK
disclosed the fact that he had deposited
$100 with two local brokerage firms, an-1
was playing the markets here, i Johnson is
held pending instructions from Judge
Thompson of the United States District
Court at Cincinnati.
Friend With Whom He Communi
cated Handed Note to Officers,
Who Arrange a Trap for
Absconder.
Charles Johnson Arrested
at Columbus by Means '
of Decoy Letter.
MISSING CASHIER
CAUGHT AT LAST
At the risk of hfs own life George B.
Horsfull, who resides at 1103 Broadway,
Oakland, plunged Into the breakers near
the Cliff House yesterday afternoon and
saved James Graham, a youngster of 9
years, from drowning. Graham was wad
ing In the wash of the breakers, and not
appreciating his danger turned around to
watch the crowd on the beach. A giant
breaker rolled in, and before the lad could
take action to save himself he was thrown
from his feet and washed to the outer
breaker line. The 'lad screamed for help,
made a few frantic efforts to swim and
then went under.
Horsfull. who was on the beaca near by.
threw off his doat and vest and plunged
through the breakers. After reaching
deep water he was forced to swim some
distance before getting to the spot where
the boy went down. Suddenly youns
Graham was tossed to the surface. Hors
full with a few powerful stroke*
reached the lad's side, grasped him and
treaded water until thrown Into the shal
lower region »>y the breakers. The Jour
ney to thA beach was then easy.
Police Officer Jackson assisted Horsfull
to carry young Graham to the Seal Rock
House, where he was soon resuscitated.
He was then taken home by his father,
who resides at 625 Goiigh street. Mr. Gra
ham was so afforted over his son'a escape
from death that he could hardly speak,
and his only words were thanks to tho
lairs rescuer. Horsfull was complimented
many times for his heroic action, but he
refused to admit that he had done other
than a very ordinary act. Those who
witnessed the rescue of the drowning lad
thought otherwise, however.
Mounted Officer J. H. Cavanaugh
through quick action yesterday afternoon
stopped a runaway near the music stand
that might have resulted seriously. As it
was, the horse was so quickly brought to
a condition of calmness that It was not
deemed necessary to take It to the sta
bles, and the lady and gentleman who
were riding in the buggy were allowed to
proceed on their way. but not until tha
driver had taken an extra grip on his
lines.
An unusually large crowd enjoyed the
various features at the Chutes yesterday.
A regular St. Patrick's day crowd assem
bled at the pleasure resort and passed &
pleasant afternon. The crowd at Sutro
Baths was also larger than usual. Fol
lowing are the results of the aquatic con
tests:
Fifty-yard race— H. McKenzle first. H.
Heinz second. Under water swimming—
T. Johnson first. L. Holmrm second. Tub
race — C. Ganzizer first. J. Rowland second.
C. Ryan third. One hundred yard race^ —
J. Holton first. T. Marine second. Spring
board diving— W. Carroll first. L. Boudla
second. High diving for boys— W. Stock
ton first. \T. Sundterg second.
Mounted Officer Cavanaugh Quickly
Stops Runaway — Events at
Sutro Baths and the
Chutes.
George B. Hbrsfull Rescues
James Graham From
the Breakers.
BRAVE OAKLAND
MAN SAVES BOY
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SEATTLE, March 17.— Reports of rich
discoveries of gold made since winter be
gan In the Nome district were received
here to-day In a letter from W. A. Aber
nethy, an experienced Alaskan miner, to
Charles Sinclair, hla partner, who has
spent the winter here.
Abernelhy, writing under date of De
cember 10, states that a few days pre
viously a miner arrived at Nome with
over fifty pounds of dust and nuggets
taken from a creek in the Arctic district
about Pixty miles north of Cape York.
John Dunsmuir, another prospector from
the same camp, brought in five pounds of
large nuggets and a considerable quantity
Of dust.
The largest nuggets weighed from five
to ten ounces each and the smallest was
half an cunce. The two men refused up
to the time Abernethy wrote to divulge
the name of the creek or its exact loca
tion.
Rich strikes on Wheeler Creek, a trib
utary of the Bluestone, were being fre
quently reported at Nome. Two miners
are said to have taken out $4000 from a
\Vheeler Creek claim in less than a week's
work. Another claim on the creek is said
to have yielded as high as $90 to the pan.
Remarkable strikes are also reported in
the Kougarok country, especially on
Quartz. Coffee and Creedon creeks, and
gcod finds in the Corwin coal fields, north
of Bering Strait.
It is to this part of the northern district
that the expedition sent out by Captain
Frank Tuttle and Sol G. Simpson of this
city will go in quest oi the rich gold lands
reported fifty years ago by sailors from
a whaling vessel.
Abernethy's letter conveys the first
definite information of gold strikes in and
north of the Nome District since tne close
of Bering Sea navigation. Sinclair and
others here who know Abernethy say he
Is absolutely reliable.
PROSPECTOHS BRING
NEWS OF GOLD LANDS
Men Who Explored the Findlay
Biver Region Predict a Hush of
Fortune Hunters.
VICTORIA. B. C. March 17.— After an
a.bsence of two years cpent in prospecting
on the Flr.<21ay River, in Northern Brit
ish Columbia, W. C, Boyer reached here
to-day and reports that the next big Brit
ish Columbian placer find will be on the
Findlay. He and hie partner. H. A. Cu!
lin, left for the Skeene River In 1899, and
from the headwaters of this stream pros
pected to the headwaters of the Findlay.
When the ice opened they proceeded down
the latter 150 miles. On their way they
prospected every bar and tributary creek,
and Boyer is enthusiastic about the riches
to be obtained in some places.
That portion of the Findlay traversed
by the prospectors has been up to the
present time totally unexplored, the only
surveying: party ever employed on It hav
ing stopped at the Still Water, near Big
Canyon, under the impression that It was
Lake Thuda, from which the Findlay
takes Its source. Boyer says he found
mineralized veins everywhere throughout
the country, some quartz and float cop
per, but no free milling gold rich enough
to work at that distance from transporta
tion.
Many Pounds of the Yellow Treasure
Pound on Creeks In th® Dis
trict Above Cape
York.
Miners, Burdened With Gold,
Reported to Have Ar
rived in Camp.
GREAT NUGGETS
STARTLE NOME
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, March 17.
United States Senator George C. Perkins
returned from Washington very suddenly
to-day. He was not expected home until
Thursday, but not feeling very well he
concluded to come straight through to
Oakland, arriving this morning.
In epeaklEg cf the work of the session
Just closed Senator Perkins paid a high
compliment to Senator Bard, who, he said,
made an admirable record for his first
year in Congress. The Senator also spoke
particularly cf the excellent work done by
Congressman Metcalf of Oakland.
Calif orr.ia. the rest of the Pacific Coast
and Alaska, fared well In the matter of
appropriations, as shown by the following
statement, furnished by Senator Perkins
yesterday:
The appropriations for the. session of Con
press Just closed aggregate $723,911.6SJ, laclud
lngJl-3.7K.CS8 for the postal service and $3.
000.000 for the sinking fund. There was an In
crease of aout $20,000,00 over the appropriation
for the year ending June 3!>. 1901. but this is
more than accounted for by the increase of
ever 110.000,000 for the postal service and $13.-
OC* CM fcr the maintenance of the naval ser
vice, for new construction, armor, etc. The
annual interest charge has been reduced r>.
*Y.0Oft, and internal revenue taxes have been
cut down W.OOO.Ooa Judging by past experi
ence, $30,000,000 of the total amount appro
priated will net be expended, so that the
total expenditures for the coming fiscal year
win be less than $700,000,000. The most marked
ine-^ase in appropriation is that for the postal
e»rvlce. the needs of which increase steadily
from year to yrar with the Increase of general
business. There was an increase of $Lf<)0.000
for the army. $1.000. 000 for the niFtrtct of Co
lumbia, $1,400,000 for the Indian service $500,000
for legislative. 113.000.000 for the navy, and
$10,000,000 for the Postoffice I>epartmer.t.
California -and Alaska.
Fpedal appropriations for California and
Alaska :
Postoffice, Ix* Anpeles. T15Q.W; postoffice,
Oakland, completion. $125,000: Postofftce, gtock
ton, completion. $«3,950; postofflce. Pan i"Yan
ciseo. completion. $1.15S,"t»; Ii»rht and foe slg
ral rtaticn. Point Dume. $83.00; Table Bluff
lirht station, telephone, $1408: fish station at
Baird. $4C20; improvement Sequoia and To
pemite parks. $14,000: breakwater at San Pedro.
?14*.O0ft: California nebris Commission. SIS. 000:
Soldiers' Home, $165. 600; continuing mineral
surveys. Alaska. tC\OCO; pausing stream*, etc..
«nd regions. S1M.000; Improving Grant Park.
SI5T* 1 ; for reindeer stations. Alaska. S2S.OO0;
traveling expenses in Alaska. $3000; counsel for
Mission Indians. $1*00: rent and incidental ex
penses, Ala?ka. $10.W>: enforcement Chinese
exclusion. SIM, 000: new machinery, boilers, etc..
Mint. I22.f°0; naval training station, water.
51<C5; naval training station, accounts. $412;
Indian service, $15.00f>; Indian school. Perrts.
fTT.OiO: Indian school. Riverside. 150,100; new
Indian echoolfcouse. Riverside, $75,000; for pur
chase of land. Riverside. J10.COO; naval train
ing station. $3". ooo; naval training station,
water supply $C4«S; naval training station,
swimming tar.k, etc.. $5000; tools, etc for
rrdnance ehep. Mare Island. J24.OOO: construc
tion at Mare Island, $JS1,€GO; Improvement of
construction plant. Mare Island. $50,000:
machinery plant. Mare Island. $100,000; Mint,
incidental and new machinery, $50,000; en
forcement alien contract lacr law, tlM.WO; pre
vention of epidemics. $500,000; road to Presidio
Cemetery $3f«i: lighthouse and fcg signals.
A'aska, COC.OOO: relief lightships. $90,000.
There wbe appropriated for'depota for coal
STrfO.OC 1 ©, out of which turn the department pro
noses to establish a coaling station In San
T-rancisco and San Diego.
The delegation had secured the Insertion In
the sundry civil and river and harbor bills,
mainly through amendements to the bills In
the Senate, of appropriations for California
and, Alaska of nearly $2,000,000. but all this
¦nas lost when the bill was defeated by Senator
r S rter in the verv last hour of the session.
The appropriations effecting California that
thus failed are as follows:
Appropriations That Failed.
Improvement Pacramento and Feather rivers,
n'.eo for removal of obstructions In rivers,
$|t(Wi- for restraining dam on Tuba River,
f.ro.OOO: Improvement Fan Pedro inner harbor.
PI 2 SCO- ;mrro\ement Oakland harbor. $6i:.13S;
improvement Fan Diepo harbor. $167,000: im
provement San Lui? Oblspo harbor. $50,000;
removal of nicsitom rock, authorized; Improv
ing Napa River. S2TIO-. improvir.jr Petaluma
.-reek $3-^00; improving • Redwood Creek. JS400;
<-;*>n!n*r Fr.ake River. Alaska, authorized; ex
amination for improving Humboldt Bay. north
< rn and southern end*, and examination for
improving harbors in Hawaii.
Much legislation that was passed by the
Finale failed In the House. Speaking of
this Senator Perkins said:
Several important bills were passed by the
Pirate, but failed In the House. One of very
prfat importance was that providing for the
• r«ction cf a new custom house in San Fran
cisco, on the site cf the present structure. The
!i!l introduced by me was pasted by the Sen
nte, appropriating Jl.WQ.OOO for construction.
•me. bill was referred to the House Commit
tee on Public Buildings and Grounds, but was
i .-ver reported^ by that bodr-
The fiarne f*e befell the bill introduced by
me providing for the relinquishmer.t by the
I'r.lted States of all title to the old Marine
IIo»ri-al and grounds -° r the purpose of es
tab'.lshlnp a sailors" home under local euper
\ '.fion an1 control. It was passed by the 6en
eie. but was not reported from the House com
mittee. «
Another bin of great Importance to com
merce on the Pacific Coast was introduced by
m» «n<l was pass«i by the Senate. It wu
that prohibiting the towing of logs Jn rafts
felony the coast. The dangf-r to navigation
which th*se logs, when the raft/ break up, as
they usually do when rouch weather la en
"ountere*!. !* pr»at. TTie bill was referred to
The Howe Committee on Interstate Commerce,
which committee failed to report It back. I
rffered an amendment to the sundry civil bill,
appropriating KCO.'/O for makinsr and laying
a cable from San Francisco to Honolulu, but
the House of Representatives, having declined
to p& s * the bill that the Senate adopted one
vr«r apo. this amendment was not agreed to.
Tbe bill Introduced by me. providing for the
mint in Pan Francisco, was also passed by the
Kenate and was reportPd back to the House
bv the Committee on AVeys and Means, but
was never brought before the House for a
vote. .
Cable Bill Defeated.
I r*tr*t exceedingly the defeat of the bill
providing for a postal cable to the Hawaiian
I*Iand». as I de*m Jt not only a tn«u>ure of
rreat importance to the Government, but also
to the commercial Interests of our country.
but wrecially to California.
The bSll to secure title to the two prove* of
*..-• trees in r'alaveraH and Mar1po*a counties.
for the purpose of pr»»*rv1ni5 them from <Je
rtructlon. was IntroflucwJ by me at the first
**s!=ion and vat passed by the Senate early
In the pceond cession, but. In eplte of every
effort. It could not be brought up In the -HotiKe
Tor a. icte. owlnic to the opposition of Speak
er Henderson. Another effort will, therefore,
have to be made to preserve these trees for
ii— liiilF
Another bill very Iir.T>ortant to crchardlBts
and «rrape rrowers In California is that Intro-
Hurr*! ny vr.f: providing ror ,a quarantine for
-nursery stork, nut ae th«re was a disagree
ment amor.* thos* lntcrffted In the matter In
California a* well as elsewhere. It wa» net
¦further pushed.
In view of the development of the mineral
oil Industry In California, the bill Introduced
In the Benate by me, authorizing the entry and
patentlnu of land* containing petroleum and
chiefly valuable therefor, vu Important, and
j r , r r> t that no action was taken on It owing
to the pressure of business at the short se«.
*lon, and that the matter will have to be tak
en tip anew In th» next Congress.
The mineral land bill, providing for the pctr
reitatlon of the mineral lands from the agri
cultural lands, failed to r"»RS either Houi-e of
<~on*:res8 et thli «e«elon. The miners are much
Interested In thin measure, and I am very
Korry the opporltion to 1U passage developed
so much rtrencth.
I think that the credit for the defeat of the
Jamaica reclproclay treaty is due to the Cal
ifornia delegation, which ehoved that the
tooort benefit* In the *hape of dutie*, after
j-triklr-c » balance, were hardly fR*W. while
the treaty would open to competition by Ja
maica the CT-Mre citrus fruit and beet, sugar
Industries of California. The rhowin* made
wa« to eonclurtve that the Committee on For
eirn Relation* declined to proceed further
T-lth the consideration of the matter.
TV-ing a member r>t the Committee on Naval
Affaire and General Appropriations, I secured
an authorization for the Secretary of War and
S«fptary cf the Navy to contract for the sup
port of Insane soldiers and sailors at any of
the State asylums In California. The Govern
ment should have an asylum in California In
rti-ad of lncuninig the p*eat expense of tran«
rortlng e!l cf this unfortunate elasa of people
to the Government hospital !n "Washington.
Nicaragua Canal Bill.
id There were several measures Introduced In
f .e Firty-elxth Concrcsn. and passed by one
iicuse or the ether, which were of very great
Importance tn California, but which, to the
Frc-at <3Uapjx>lntrnent of the delegation, failed
to be acted en. The roost Important of these
Much Legislation Fails in the House
and Appropriations Are Knocked
Out. by the Senior
Body.
United States Senator Per
. kins Reviews the
Session.
TELLS OF WORK
OF CONGRESS
SEMBRICH OPERA COMPANY OPENS
IN "BARBER OF SEVILLE" TO-NIGHT
7
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MARCH 1 8, 1901. •
• •
NAME.
Shaver
Eolce
Debenham
Jettery
Monihan
Charles Gross.
W. White
Ryder
Raynler .'.
Clay
Ptekman
KmeUh
••Doc"
Pomroy
W. EmeJgh ..
Smith
Andtffred
Alison
Ehibolce
Miller
Williams
T Emeigh ...
Francis
Beebee
Wixon
Franclc
Fe*d
Howard |
Clifton
Pchii*b«r
Painter
Moller
James
Thompson ....
No. of targets shot at and score
15 | 15 US | P I 15 | 15 |13 | 15 1 g
15 13 14 13 12 12 12 ! 13 22
7 9 8 8 C 19 11 .. ..
it 13 13 12 U 1J 14 .. ..
8 S ft 7 8 11 11 < 10
fi 6 4 10 11 •
9 8 11 7 11 7 « 8 ..
8 9 li> « 8 9 .. 19 ..
10 9 11 11 • « 8 .. .. 1»
9 9 6 10 8 9 .... 11
8 7 » « 9 7
6 S 5 7 it 10 11 12 ..
5 7 5 8 7 9
8 9 6 7 10 10 8 7 15
10 8 11 It 8 11 7 9 IS
9 9 8 10 -8 11 12 .. ..
11 12 ll> 9 11 13 10 .. ..
4778«9«10..
« 5 7« » « 9 .. ..
10 9 11 8 9
« 5 7 8 7 10 ..' 8 ..
11 10 10 9 7 8
5C47657*..
7 9 11 8 9
S*8«9S8 1Q..
11 11 » I } J I .. II
« S 12 » 10 11 9 S IS
12 12 10 11 9 10 8 11 13
9 8 11 9 12 9 » .. ..
0 5 5 8 7 8 10 .. ..
9 10 9 12 12 13
3 5 5 7 8
S 7 5 7 9 13
8 9 7 8 11 7 .... 10
.... 8 9 .. .. 8 .. ..
NAME.
Shaver
Eolce
Debenham
Jettery
Monihan
Charles Gross.
W. White
Ryder
Raynler .'.
Clay
Ptekman
KmeUh
••Doc"
Pomroy
W. EmeJgh ..
Smith
Andtffred
Alison
Ehibolce
Miller
Williams
T Emeigh ...
Francis
Beebee
Wixon
Franclc
Fe*d
Howard |
Clifton
Pchii*b«r
Painter
Moller
James
Thompson ....
No. of targets shot at and score
15 | 15 US | P I 15 | 15 |13 | 15 1 g
15 13 14 13 12 12 12 ! 13 22
7 9 8 8 C 19 11 .. ..
it 13 13 12 U 1J 14 .. ..
8 S ft 7 8 11 11 < 10
fi 6 4 10 11 •
9 8 11 7 11 7 « 8 ..
8 9 li> « 8 9 .. 19 ..
10 9 11 11 • « 8 .. .. 1»
9 9 6 10 8 9 .... 11
8 7 » « 9 7
6 S 5 7 it 10 11 12 ..
5 7 5 8 7 9
8 9 6 7 10 10 8 7 15
10 8 11 It 8 11 7 9 IS
9 9 8 10 -8 11 12 .. ..
11 12 ll> 9 11 13 10 .. ..
4778«9«10..
« 5 7« » « 9 .. ..
10 9 11 8 9
« 5 7 8 7 10 ..' 8 ..
11 10 10 9 7 8
5C47657*..
7 9 11 8 9
S*8«9S8 1Q..
11 11 » I } J I .. II
« S 12 » 10 11 9 S IS
12 12 10 11 9 10 8 11 13
9 8 11 9 12 9 » .. ..
0 5 5 8 7 8 10 .. ..
9 10 9 12 12 13
3 5 5 7 8
S 7 5 7 9 13
8 9 7 8 11 7 .... 10
.... 8 9 .. .. 8 .. ..
It is easy to teh when your nerve-force " I was so run-down from neuralgia and
and vital power are slipping away from . LaGnppo that 1 was tired.all the time and
you. When your day's work leaves you hardly had strength to walk across the
weary "and exhausted; when you are so room. Ofcourse 1 could not do my work
nervous, irritable and sleepless that your r,nd I became greatly discouraged A lady
nights aro passed m restless tossing; when told me of Dr Miles'- Nervine and I sent
you get up in tho morning with no appe- for a bottle on trial It helped me and I
tito i for/ breakfast; and go around all day kept on using it and when I had taken two
v with '» headache; : you majr^ be i sure your bottles 1 was ab>« to attend to my house,
nervous strength is being used up faster ljoldduties Mrs Pearl Bush,
than it is being renewed. ;. - Ho land. Mich. W&
Gives the tortured nerves a rest, help3 them regain their tone And steadiness, and is a
speedy remedy for nervous troubles of every kind.
S»M fey "a2I druggists ©a z guarantee; Df» Mfles Medical Co* Ett&atVtad*THE SAN? FRANCISCO CAIiL, MONDAY; 18, 1901.
8
ASPHALTIM ROOKIXG.
J. PELTIER, asphalt roofing, sidewalks re-
paired: postal. 11S6 Mission: tel. Folsom 1607.
BUSINESS CHAACES.
A— S300: RESTAVRA^"olT~iansome Et.;
jn*i_5 0 °u raving. R. G. WILKE. 264 Kearny.
A— M00; BRANCH bakery and stationery : rent
120; 5 livins rooms; daily receipts $li Call '
II. G. WILKE. £G^ Kearny et.
A— $1100; BAZAAR, stationery, notions, toys,
cigara. etc.; stock will Invoice the price; best
corner in the Mission. Call R. G. WILKE.
2€Vi Kearny et.
A— 11UK<; CORNER barroom en Third st., close
to Call bldg. ; an old-estbl. and first-class
paying place; sickness of owner only cause
of sale. Call R. G. WILKE. 2C^ Kear»:y st.
A — IC.-0; PLUMBING shop; established nanjt
years and doing a first-class paying business;
rer.t £22 M; location be«t; business -treet,
Western Add. R. "G. WILKE. 26V4 Kearny.
A— ilOOO; CHOPHOUSlE alid restaurant on
Davis et. ; kept by present owner 7 yean,; a
first-class paying business. Call. R. G.
WILKE. 26'i Kearny st.
A— S1000: SALOON close to Palace Hotel; net
rent $27 ZO; old eftablished; well paying; ele-
gant fixtures; about $300 stock on hand; a
splendid chance. R. G. WILKE. 26Vi Kearny.
A— $300; CIGAR Etand: rent f!0; daily receipts
*12: located close to Palace Hotel. Call R, G.
WILKE. 2<lj Kearny et.
A— J121C; CORNER grocery and bar on Cali-
forn'.a st.: choicest location In this city; good
paying place; clean stock: grood fixtures. Call
R. G. WILKE, 26^ Kearny Bt.
A-J200; STATIONERY store: 2 living rooms;
rent $10: too& business for man and wife.
Can R. G. WILKE. 26>i Kearny st.
A — STsO; CORNER grocery and bar; northern
part cf city; death of owner cause of sale; a
good business for man and wife. Call R G.
WILKE. 26 k Kearny et.
BONA fide buyers call and Investigate the fol-
lowing businesses, which must be sold with-
in S da»; any reasonable offer will be ac-
cepted; call early:
Millinery store: country town.
Cigar store <down town): good business.
Grocery and bar; In factory district.
Good bakery in the Mission.
A paying drug store (good location).
G. W. SCHWEINHARD.
Phone Mint 1311. S17 Market, opp Mason.
$cno-EOARDING-HOUSE. 24 rooms and bar:
30 Rood boarder? ; cne of _ the best paying
houses in the city and the greatest bargain
ever offered for FaSe; will clear $150 to $200
per month: mort sell this week, as the owner
has other business to attend to in the coun-
try. Business Board of Trade. 326 ptne et.,
opposite Pan Francisco St^ck Exchange.
tlOCO— HOTEL, with bar; 15 room*: 20 boarders:
near S. F. KREDO & CO.. Flood building.
IC0-PAHTNKR: prccery. bar; hi*, business;
chance of lifetime for a good man. KUEDO
& CO.. SC9 Market St.
*U0 — HOTEL. 30 rooms; clears $100 monthly;
cheap rent. KREDO & CO.. SOS Market *t.
$175— CIGAR stand near Market: bargain this
day. McLAUGHLIX & CO.. 777^ Market et.
EMALL restaurant for sal*. ch»ap; doing a
rood business. McLAUGHLIN. 777V4 Market.
1350— Corner saloon; bargain: sickness cause of
rale. McLAUGHLIN & CO.. 777^ Market et-
CANDT and Icecream parlor In the. best part
of city, doing e fine business: owner com-
pcMed to leave city: will raera'lce for quick
Bal». CALIFORNIA BUSINESS ASSOCIA-
TION. SC5«4 Market st.
..A— SALOON and restaurant;, $1050; among..
..factories and railroaders: meals IS cents..
up. Rent $20. Dally Bales $33
Lease for 5 yea>-s. Cause* owner rick....'
M. GRIFFIN. 71S Market st.. near Call bldg.
100 CIGAR stands, 200 groc-rrfes and bars.
Sno candy and Icecream stores, M0 restaurants.
POO stores of all kinds; partners wanted.
Tartir* with $100 uj> can be BuItPd.-
WALTEIt HATES Jfc CO.. S33 Market St.
VM— SALOON; best locatiun; near Kearny st.;
business speaks for lisclf; sell at sacrifice en
nfcount of departure. Apply LUNDIN &
CO.. SK* Market «t.
DRY goods pedaling, country route, wagon and
team; h'.g money; owner retiring rich. Cal.
T?us. Awn.. W-J Market st.
WANTKD— rarty with SICOO to $3000; will pay
liberal salary with w^rured Interest In Alas-
kan business. SfcJ Call building, S. F.
flK-RESTAURAN'T for sale, doing good bus-
Iness. 403 Hrw-ar Bt.
EMALL restaurant, aouth of Market: reason-
able 1f taken noon. Box 24G3, Call office.
AJf old-**tab!l*hed fruit, fish and delicacies
•tore. Addrews C. SI. W., Vallejo. Cal.
FOB SALE— Restaurant: $530; cheap Tent; Uv-
Jng ' room*. Iksx 22SG, Call offlce.
ELECTRIC buninew for sale cheap; parties go-
Ing north, liox S«SO. Call office.
TINNING mill In this city tar sale. F. GEIER.
Market and Dolores -star
CHILDREN' boarded; good borne. 1719 O'Far-
rtll Et.
WANTED— To board in German family. 114
Haight Et.
WANTED— Child to board; best of care; no
other children. SOC^j Green Bt.
no .\n dim; for children.
GOOD home for 1 or 2 children In Berkeley.
convenient to train and cars. Address 1527
Mas-n st.. Lorin, Berkeley.
BUSINESS CHANCES-— Co^»tlntae«1.^
J40OO— WOOD and coal -yard; ¦ established 40
years: in central location; never changed
hands; clears from |300 to- $400 per month;
S fine wagons and horses; low rent; for refer-
ence Fee all wholesale coal dealers. I Address
Owner, box 269S. Call offlce. ¦- ¦'-•**•
GOOD paying, old-established lumber business;
including sawmill, timber land*,- yards, lum-
ber stock, donkey engine, hone teams, etc.
H. A F. L. COOPER. Nevada City. Cat
FOR sale— A steam laundry In the Sacramento
Valley, doing a business from $100 to $150 per
week: no other laundry within. 50 miles. Box
1MB. Call office. ¦ . -
FOR rent — Finest location in Oakland to -open
grocery store. , LAYMANCE CO.. 460. Eighth
Et.. Oakland. '.
A— J200: PARVNER wanted; light business: $18
to $25 a week each; no experience required:
trial given. 25 Geary st.. room 1. .
$50 CAPITAL wins $100 per week at races. In-
formation LYONS, 921 Market St.. room. 4.
AN active man wanted to take an , Interest in
an established offlce commission business with
a well-known, reliable man; capital required
$7M. Box 2650. Call office.
$200— P.ESTAURANT situated among factories,
ehope. -where thousands people pass: no op-
position; .rent $10; owner going East. 741
Brannan Et. .-
HAVE EJOO and services to Invest In some mer-
cantile business by single man; what have
you ? Address box 2477, Call offlce.
HOTEL to lease— 21 rooms at San Rafael; broad
gauge station; newly painted; In first-class
order. Owner. 11 Lyon st. .
CHOICE corner saloon; good location; paying
business. Apply new corner saloon, Folsom
and Seventh.
MEN with $300 to Join advertiser in working
mining claim at Cape Nome. Address box
2478. Call office. ¦ ' -
FOR sale— Good raloon; Market St.; proprietor
goes to Germany. Address O. S., box 2S03,
Call office. - . " :
OUTSIDE route on this paper for sale. Apply
Call Business office.
LARGE outside route (No. 10) fcr sale. Apply
at Call Business office.
DELICATESSEN, bakery and dairy produce;
3 furnished rooms; must be sold by April 1.
Apply 2099 Mission st.
RESTAURANT and bar for sale cheap on ac-
ccunt of accident. CS Bay st.
FOR sale — Candy store and Ice cream parlor;
good location. Inquire at 1642 Market Et.
PLUMBING shop for pale in Palo Alto. Ad-
dress Plumber, box 179. Call office.
LARGE inside route on this paper for sale.
Apply business offic?.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at . lOSti
Valencia, st. ¦
LODGIXG-HOL'SES FOR SALE.
LET THE AGENTS BLOW AND SHOUT
BUT DO NOT FORGET THAT..'.
DECKER IS ON DECK
..AND HAS BEEN FOR OVER 25 YEARS..
....WITH 100 HOUSES-ALL BARGAINS....
...All sizes and prices from 3 to 500 rooms...
Consisting in Hotels
Rooming Houses
Lodging Houses
Boarding Houses
......Flats and Private Homes
40-room house; rent $50 $1,003
14 rooms on Third st. 430
10 rooms on Teylor st.. S50
23 rooms on Market Ft S'vJ
33 rooms on Market Ft 1.700
105 rooms; modern house 10,000
II. C. DECKER, 1030 Market St.. Mint 796.
IS-ROOM house
ELEGANT PAYING LOCATION
ROOMS ALL RENTED
Sure to clear $150 every month
I am ordered ¦ to sell this house regardless
cf Us worth. What will you pay?
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market St.. opp. 5th.
MRS A. CAMERON. S50 Market st., rooms 21,
2! 23 (formerly with Marion Griffin. 719 Mar-
ket St.). will be pleased to have old and new
customers call and select houses from large
lift cf bargains; also to list houses or busi-
ness chances of any kind they may have to
sell: see sneclal list of bargains.
10-room flat, on O'Farrell; modern; rent $53:
price $750: good furniture and carpets: elegant
9-room flat, on Geary; 9-room flat. Eddy; 7-
room flat on Ellis; all elegant and modern.
12 rooms: rent $60; price $750; residence; fine
. yard ; good furniture and carpets. : .
48 rooraB; rent $173; price $1GCO; in business
center; pays well.
£1 rooms; rent $125; price reduced to $300; a
sacrifice; hardwood furniture; hair mat-
treFSCE. - -.- • •
16 rooms, corner; 2 entrances; rent $S0: price
reduced to 1900 If sold at once: two houses.
14 rooms: Van Ness ave. ; $1000: rent $00;
velvet carpets; $600 down, balance time; no
Interest. -
SEE OUR LIPT OF 200 HOUSES BEFORE
buying. We have them all sizes and prices:
60 rooms, close In, elevator, etc $4500
12 rooms, hew,' clean," clears $50..*.. 900
14 rocms, sunny corner, good condition.... 1000
?0 rooms, all conveniences, select, central. 8000
11 rooms, only $200 cash, balance pay-
ments £00
Vacant houses furnished
We furnish the money-^you pay as you can.
DONALD INVESTMENT CO.. 850 Market.
Select Your House From Largest List In Town.
$ rooms: excellent value $300
14 rooms; a genuine bargain 300
20 rooms; well furnished: close In 1000
22 rooms: always full; nice location 10C0
44. 76 and i:5 roomed houses.
See our special bargain list before buying;
we .lend half the purchase money at lowest
rates. WALTER HAYES & CO., 828 Market.
____________ ___
1026 Market st. T»!ephone Mint 1591.
BO rooms; rent tll0.?2">0*1'2 rooms; snap $400
27 rooms; rent $30.. 950 1 IS rooms: bargain... 800
ST> rooms; rent $00.. 120P 10 rooms; piano 5T>0
35 rooms: rent C50.. Wtfl 7 rooms (flat) 325
r.fi rooms; rent SI25. 1S50J10 rooms; only 275
26 rooms; rent $41.. 800 14 rooms; one floor. fiOO
36 rooms; r*:nt $115. 2200 17 rooms: 6th st..... 900
40 rooms: rent $80.. 1S00 10-room flat 750
FISHER & CO.. 1032 Market St.: telephone 1599.
48 rooms, north of Market: only..... $160€
16 rooms, Hyfle:- very 'finely furnished... 600
20 rooms: rent $50; location desirable 900
If a barraln we have them at any price
north or south of Market st. . " ;
__________ „
719 Market Ft., bv Call bldg.; tel. Black 1803.
I I have for sale 473 lodging-houses. Please call
at my offlce and get free list. Will furnish
you money If you haven't enough.
LODGING-HOITSES.. Sizes and prices to suit
all buyers; titles guaranteed; money loaned
buyers; before buying call.
G. WV SCHWEINHAHD.
Phone Mint 1911. 917 Market st,, bet. 6th & 6th.
CALL and fee. our ll«t of bargains .In homes:
we have, them In any part of the city and at
sny price. EUREKA REAL ESTATE. 2S
i Sixth st. . - ¦•
$S0ft-28 ROOMS; fine location: well furnlshe-3;
. all rented; low rent DASILE. 3 Eddy st.
$S0O — Bay-window house. IS rms.. good furniture:
alwnys full; rent J4I; bargain. S34 Folsom st.
CHEAPEST and beFt In America— Tn» Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any cddrc!«s In the
T'nlt^ States or Panama nn> y»*r for $1.
CARPET HEATING AXU, CLEA.Vi.VG,
WHEN you become disgusted with poor wont
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
ing Works. K3-237 Tehama st. : tel. South . 40.
CITY Steam Carpet-Beating Works. O. H.
STEVENS, mgr.. SS-40 8th st.: tel. South 250.
CARPKT9 rl^anwl at re -per yard, laid at £c.
RTRATTON'S. 3 Eighth Bt.: tel. Jessie 944.
J. E. MITCHELL. Carpet-Beating and Reno-
vatlng Co.. 240 Fourteenth st. : tel. Mission 74.
ADVANCE Carpet-Cleanlns (X 4C2 Sutter St.:
( t»l. Main 234. GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
I CONKLIN'S Carpet-Beatlnr; Works. 233 Golden
Oflte ave. :, telephone East 126.
SPIRITUALISM. "
MME. ARNDT. the great clairvoyant, tells part
p.nd future, cures diseases by sympathy; never
, fails; lias th« seven. sea-Is, the greatest Egyp-
tian tecrct of the world: shows picture 'of fu-
ture husband or .wife: elves lucky numbers;
advice on all speculation," love and legal af-
fcirs; any one consulting the madame will be
convinced that she Is no sham; prices 25c and
up: come and you will be surprised: gives
satisfaction every one; op. Sundays. Zl'iM Cth.
ARRIVED— The celebrated gypsy Prince Les-
ter, whose : free tests, calling your name, the
name of the one. you love and the name of the
one you will marry: the only medium in the
w«rld so sure of his occult power that: he
will -give every person who. ¦ comes prepared
a wonderful free test. "Call or write, with
j stamps for answers. 13S2 Market st.. op. 7th.
AFTER a severe iiln-ns. Mrs. Dr. Farnhara. the
world-renowned 'spiritual ' m«31um::ndvlce in
all affairs of life; la wsuit*. divorces, deaths •
unites the separated; mining a specialty; clr-
-. Hes gun.; Wed.. Frl.«v<\; lettere answered.
Resld.<no signs). £» Eddy." bet. Hyfle. Larkin.
A — MRS. J. J.. WHITNEY, trance. :~- business
medium, lire leader. mrJlcal clairvoyant; Bit-
ting*. II. 1164 O'Farrell. nr. Goush. 'Ellis car."
JOHN' SLATER circle to-night. ; 8:15; < sitting's
daily, 10 to 4. J8.T9 Stockton, near Greenwich.'
GO to Mansey, gypsy medium: scientific palm-
istry taught: certificate guarntd. 1079 Market.
MRS. LOUISE 8. DREW. Psychic. Electric
• nd Marnetic Healer. :¦ Room 14. 303 Larkin St.
FRIENDSHIP Kail. 330 McAllister— Mm. C."J.
Meyer; sittings dally; tists to all to-nlgliljlOc.
employment; waktkd- female.
RELIABLE woman wants situation to. do gen-
eral i housework or chamberwork. . "Apply 5123
, Folsom it. ; ••; . , ; ¦'.; ¦ " . ¦-"' ¦¦
YOUNG lady from the East wishes a position
j as • housekeeper or dressmaker - in . a refined
"family.": 1178 East Fifteenth «t.. Oakland.
CLASSIFIED 'advertisements and subscriptions
-received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Flllmore st
A BRANCH office for Call . advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
"Valencia ft. ¦ - ¦ ' - - .
EMPLO Y31EN.T WANTED— MALE. ;'
EXPERIENCER traveling salesman In mat-
. ting wants position traveling or In retail fur-
. nlture store; best references. Address F. G/,
box 2453, Call.
ELECTRICIAN wants position to run Isolated
plant; moderate wages; city or country. Ad-
dress J.,,615 Larkin st. ' ¦ -
FIRST-CLASS gardener, middle-aged German,
wishes I position . on ' private place : , first-class
recommendations. Address box 2431. Call.
INDUSTRIOUS ; man. " middle-aged, wants slt-
uatlon as porter, houseman or assistant jani-
tor: good; cltyvreferences. : Address/ box 2483.
Call office.-; <.;¦¦¦.- _.,.r. ".;.- .r
SITUATION by first-class gardener, Swiss, sln-
j gle; best references given; private place. W.
P.. E33 Broadway. " - ' ¦ ..; ¦
MIDDLE-AGED i married man wants work of
nny kind; bookkeeper, gardener: handy with
tools and con handle horses. 20 Oak Grove
ave. (rear). ; .
GENTLEMAN desires situation to take care of
horses ami drive; references. 221 Ninth st.
YOUNG man desires steady position as bar-
keeper; city: or country. BIERBAUM, 831
_Harrison*Et. , "~
DRAUGHTSMAN and engineer's office assist-
ant wants employment: good references. C.
A., box 213S. Call. :
•CENTLEMAN wishes position as cheese-
mnker; i can run any kind separators. Box
2472. Call. ¦•.-.. ", -•".-.
WANTED— Employment by .elderly man to
• take care of 'horses and cow; private family;
city reference. Address 278 Natoma st.
YOUNG man wishes position; travel or attend
on Invalid; city or country: steady, sober
and industrious. ; Box 2458. , Call offlce.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
' received at Call branch offlce, 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions ' has been established -at 1098
Valencia st. '
'.;.., ' "'FEATHER PILLOWS.
HOTELS and private parties wishing to have
their feather pillows j cleaned and renovated
by the latest sanitary process may address
F^ATTTRTt FAfTORT. 244 St^venunn st.
FLATS TO LET. : •
$&— SUNNY upper flat. 3 rooms; 1316 Jessie st.,
off Hermann, near Valencia. Apply UMB-
SEN & CO. \
FLAT of 4.1ar&e sunny rooms; large yard; $10.
732 -Willow ave.. bet. Ellis and Eddy sts..
near Buchanan. , . ¦ . .. . r
A MODERN flat; Just renovated: tf rooms and
bath. 73oB Ellis St., near 'Larkin.
FELL, 291. near Gough — Cottage of 3 rooms,
nice yard and" basement; rent ¦ $12. • -
FLAT of 5 rooms: newly furnished for sale or
to rent. 40 nnd 757 McAllister st.
FLAT to let; 6 rooms; rent reasonable. 205^4
Clara st.
NEW flat of 7 rooms. Cor. Pfectta and Treat
ares., 'off Folsom St.; rent $13. •
SACRAMENTO, 1361— Flat of 3 rooms; eep-
arate entrance; rent $12 50.
3-ROOM flat, corner McAllister and Polk sts.
Inquire at butcher shop.- , . .
$1?— NEW sunny 4-room flat; water free; cel-
lar. 24 Sumner st., off Howard) near 8th.
$14— SUNNY flat of 4 rooms,' rear. 115 Leaven-
worth st.
FLATS TO LET — KUKXISH_U. * .
THREE to five handsomely and completely
furnished rooms for housekeeping; ail mod-
ern conveniences;" pleasant "surroundings;
very desirable. 129 Liberty et.
A NEW Pat to let; new furniture, sunny all
sides: reasonable; going East. WILLIAM
"BUTTERFIELD, room 42, Phelan bldg.
TO let— For summer months, very sunny, well
furnished modern flat; Western Addition; 7
rooms and bath. Box 2475, Call offlce. |
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
LARGE lot of miscellaneous furniture of 13-
roora house; good as new: will be sold cheap.
_ Donald Investment Co., 850 Market et.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak $48 B0. with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE WANTED.
Auctioneer— L. Vincent.1305 Larkin: tel. Polk 694;
furniture & furn'd houses bought; spot cash.
IF you want to sell furn., mdse., etc., see J. A.
Munro & Co., 240 Stockton st. ; tel. James 1541.
BEFORE disposing of your furniture tel. Folsom
2245 New Enterprise Furn. store, 1114 Mission.
TO receive highest value for furniture, carpets,
, etc., see W.E. Cody, 757 Mission; tel. Red 3353.
CHAS. LEVY buys your furniture, carpets,
pianos, etc. 1135 Market st.; tel. Jessie 761.
A. WOLLPERT, 773 Mission St., pays highest
price for second-hand furniture: tel. Red 1354.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
OPERATOR,^ custom coats, electricity; good
finisher; steady work; good wages. G. COHN
& CO.. 775 Market st. •
FINISHERS and apprentice girls on custom
coats ; steady work. 106 Battery street. . H.
HILP.
WANTED— Apprentices -on custom coats:
steady- work; good pay while learning. 515
Natoma. .
A .YOUNG woman; light housekeeping; $10
month; small place; home advantages. Box
2695. Call. * . ¦-¦ .
NEAT girl for upstairs work, assist with
baby; small family; wages $15. 2520 Oreen
St., between Scott and Devisadero.
WANTED— Middle-aged lady to take care of
two children; wages $S to $10. Apply 535
Liberty Bt. , . '
PANTS finishers; steady work. 853 Howard,,
between Fourth, and Fifth, over, handball
court.
'OPERATORS on custom pants; also appren-
tice; good wages. 14 McAllister st., room 18.
TAILORESS wanted on custom coats. 1170
• Market St., room 26. >, . •
NEAT girl to assist In housework. 843 Castro
street. ¦ - • "
APPRENTICE on coats; wages paid while
learning. H. DAVIS. 110 Russ St. .
GIRL wanted for general housework and Ger-
man cooking. 1440 O'Farrell ft. ..
QIRL'to do general housework, S12 per month;
. good home. Apply 1123»/4 > McAllister st. -
NEAT young pirl for light housework; family
.-¦of two: $10. 1126 Turk st. '
V." ANTED— Saleslady - for hat I department : : at
Raphael's, Inc. :, ¦ ¦' .-.".' .¦¦:-'¦'¦
YOUNG girl .in small family for > general
. '. housewsrk. - 2065 Bush st. .-¦'¦.; . ¦ .'"x ¦ •
WANTED — German or Swedish girl for general
* housework; $20.' 2116 Pine St., nr. Stelner.
WANTED— Young girl to assist with house-
work. 451 Guerrero St., bet 16th and 17th.
BUTTON-HOLE maker: finisher; ¦ apprentice,
paid while learning. • 509 Kerny St., room 2.
GERMAN girl wanted for general housework;
four in family. 2130 Sutter st. ,
WANTED— First-class skirt and waist hands.
1112A Leavenworth . st. «. V .- - -
FINISHER wanted on custom coats. Apply
186 Shipley st. : near Fifth; permanent emp.
WAITER ' girl wanted. > 613 ' Sixth St.
DRESSMAKING hands wanted at 1407 Laguna
.; street. ¦¦ ¦ -¦,"' - ' : -'.- ' ""''. -' " ¦¦,",¦..¦ v.
WANTED — An experienced^ waitress; Hotel
. Miramar, 703 Geary street..:
WANTED— A young girl to do general house-
work; need not cook. 1831 ¦ Eddy street. ,
WANTED^WaitreSEesl Hotel Repeller, . 781
• Butter street. -.; ; : • ¦" -• ¦ -• .•¦- •
WANTED— Waitress. 631 Ellis --
GIRL wanted for light housework; good home.
: 623 Haight street. >.;':• •. \ ,-
GOOD finishers on custom vests ; ' good wages."
622 Clay, street, room 16A:V ¦..¦:"
PANTS finishers and apprentices wanted ; paid
• while learning. 124 Turk street. - ;-• -
YOUNG lady for ; candy store; must assist ; In
: factory. , -Address. box 2452, : ; Cal 1 ;. office.-, , .. .
' H AIRDRESSING TAUGHT In * 4 weeks ; I terms
• easy: most -thorough v instruction;: positions
' assured ; '-.< no *¦' fake * promises. Halrdressing
'. College, \ 574 Geary : »t. '¦¦'', -.- '• ¦¦;.-; : .
OPERATORS : on; shirts • and ¦¦< overalls: ?. Inex-
perienced : instructed. HEYNEMAN- & -CO..
• 410: Mission < St. - : -\ -.,. ¦¦.-., — :-
YOUNG girl; to, take care of child 3 years old;
a references ; required. Apply ' Monday ' morning
u at" 1810^ Gough st./ - - • • -
EXAMINERS wanted on «. shirts. * Apply THE
L. ELKUS CO., -29 and 31 ' Battery, st. '
L. S. CLARK. Kmma Spreckels bldg., P27 Mar-
ket St.: consultation free; no fees In advance.
ADVICE fre?: no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market St.. opp. Mason
FRANK W. SMITH, mining and probate law a
specialty. Mills big., r. 8, 4th fir.: tel. Red 3616.
J. H. UcKNIGHT. collections; damages; ess-
tates: mining; open even. IS2 Parrott bldg.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private
nn fee without success; collections. G. W.
HOWE, any at law. SiO Market, cor. Stocktn
HELP WASTED— FEMALE— Con.
WANTED— A few bright girls : about US years
to * work in ; shirt " factory. Apply THE L.
ELKUS, CO., 29 and 31 Battery st.
FIRST-CLASS finishers on pants: steady work
guaranteed. BELASCO-HARRIS CO.. 641
Markefst. .' ' -.-' ' .--. .--. ; -.
LADY over 23 with some business experience to
travel • for . wholesale house; salary and ex-
, penses. Box S4S4. CaU'offlce. ¦
EXPERIENCED salesladies and trimmers for
millinery; highest wages paid; steady. ISO
Sixth, 8t. r . : v
HAND- sewers and <-crocheters,' - experienced.
Golden Gate Mills, GANTNER & MATTERN,
3 Stevenson St., near First. . . " :
SMALL girl to assist with : light housework.
264 San Carlos ave., bet. Mission and Valen-
cla^oa. Nineteenth ; .: . -.
GIRLS wanted at WEMPE BROS.* Paper Box
-Factory. 121 to 127 ' Mission St.. cor. Main.
EXPERIENCED apprentice on custom coats;
paid. SS Harriet Bt. : " - ¦
WANTED— First-class finisher on pants. 211«i
Tehama st. ; : upstairs. .
PANTS finisher and apprentice; good wages;
. steady -work. 935 Market et.. room 10.
" PANTS • finishers wanted by S. N. WOOD &
CO.: Apply at factor/. 27 Geary st.
GIRLS f rcm 14 to 16 to learn clgarmaking ;
paid while learning. , 621 Montgomery st. ..
YOUNG girl for light- housework; wages $13;
reference. -.. 252 Scott, bet. 10 and 12 Monday.
WANTED— Good talloress on first-class vests:
also apprentice. \ 604 Eddy «t. . • : ¦
GIRL for general housework; moderate wages.
Apply In forenoon, 110 Lyon St., near Page.
FINISHERS and ¦ apprentice on coats; steady
Wprk. 334 Geary st. j
AN ' errand girl to work for a tailor. 633 Na-
toma st. ¦ . - ; ; . .
OPERATORS on bar coats, butcher gowns and
aprons ;- electric power. "204% Turk st.
EXPERIENCED operators on silk waists;
gpod pay. S. F. Mfg. Co., 409A Turk st.
GIRL8 wanted; bookblndery. 536 Clay st.
OPERATORS on ladles' underwear to work
In factory. 723 Market st., room 33.
APPRENTICES to learn tailoring. 641 Mar-
ket . st. ¦ ,-¦-,¦ ." - - -
FIRST-CLASS finishers on coats. BELASCO
ft HARRIS CO., 641 Market st.
FIRST-CLASS operators on pants; steady
work; good pay. 641- Market st. .
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1036
_Va1encia Bt.
; 1I1 ?j LP AVAXTI3P ~- a|[AL ' E :
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S...... 104 Geary st.
..'. RAILROAD WORK
60, drillers and tunnelmen for big tunnel,
Chatsworth Park $2 to $2 50
10 laborers, railroad work .....$1 75
Free fare Free. fare
C.R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary st.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S .104 Geary st.
..:....... HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Second cook, $65; fry cook. $65; baker and.
pastry cook. $60; 6 cooks, city and country,
$35, to $65; silver man, country hotel. $25, free
fare; 6 restaurant waiters, south, $11 a week,
fare paid; 20 waiters, hotels and restaurants,
city and country, $25 to $40
........ LAUNDRY DEPARTMENT
Washer and starcher, country laundry, $45
.and found, 'fare paid; head laundry ma a $35,
washer $30, hanger up $25. for hand laundry,
country hotel: fares advanced.
C.R. HANSEN & CO... 104 Geary st.
A— 2 COLORED waiters, country hotel, $£5. C.
R. .HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
A— WANTED, in our Los Angeles offlce— Lots
of hotel and restaurant help, farm and dairy
help, as well as railroad help and laborers.
Apply .
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary st.
A— MURRAY & READY.. .PHONE MAIN 6S48
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
White male help of all 'kinds furnished.
- - - FREE OF- CHARGE TO
Every Employer of Help.
No syndicate too large, no firm too small for
us to supply. No objection to distance. We
ship good help to all parts of the world.
Employers of help: Phone, telegraph, write
or call tn person and procure your help from
MURRAY & READ Y.-
We gave employment
In 1SS7 to upward of 17,000 men.
. „ . . . ' ¦ . , In 1898 to upward of 19.000 men.
In 1893 to upward of 21.000 men.
• . ' In WOO to upward of 35.000 men.
HELP WANTING WORK-Hundreds
Of- places awaiting your selection.
COME BEAD our* BULLETIN BOARDS.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay St.
A— WANTED:
Blacksmith for vineyard, Santa Clara. ...$20
4 single hand miners, 2-3 fare paid.. $2 a day
Planing-mill man. country $3 a day
Sawyer for furniture factory, city.... $2 u day
Coopers, slack work, country.. $15 and found
Milker- for Slskiyou County, fare paid. ...$30
2 farmers for vineyard, steady work $26
Choreman and milk for vineyard $25
Cook." country boarding-house $40
Gardener, milk cow, coujntry $23
10 farm hands, different ranches.. $20 and $23
- - W. D. EWER & CO., 610 Clay at.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE. 26 Montgomery, rm. 12.
Bell 'boy, $10;* pastry cook, $40; waiters for
country hotels, $30; colored waiters, $35; man
and wife, resort, as chambermaid and waiter.
JOURNEYMEN Barbers' International Union
meets " to-night at 8:30. 32 O'Farrell st. -
I. LESS, Secretary.
JOURNEYMEN Barbers' International Union-
Free employment; only recognized union. 115
Turk; tel. Folsom 1L83. I. LESS. Secretary.
WANTED-rTrustworthy man partner to at-
tend cash counter;, large restaurant; clears
$3C0 per month: owner cook and prefers part-
ner to hired help: $450 required. See LUN-
DIN & CO., 806 Market st.
CENTRAL Hotel barber shop. San Rafael; 2
chairs; good business; must be sold by
Wednesday. $50; . sacrifice; cash or Install-
ments. . Reply In person. :
WANTED— Installment collector acquainted
with "city and with some experience; state
age. Box 2454. Call.
McDONALD & PERRY have 500 pairs second-
hand shoes for sale; 50c up; drummers' sam-
ples and slightly damaged shoes. 241 Third.
BARBERS — For sale, the Enterprise Hotel
barber shon; owner engaged in other busi-
ness. £S14 Sixteenth, near Folsom; a bargain.
WANTED— Cash boys at RAPHAELS'. Inc.
WANTED — Shoemaker; steady work. At J. I
FRANKEL'S, 731 Mission st.
FEEDER for platen press wanted.. 109 Cali-
fornia St., room 21. ¦• ' ¦ .
STRONG boy wanted. NEWBAUER BROS.,
lS : Flrst;st. ¦ " y ¦'. ' "
BOOTBLACK wanted In barber-shop. 1427
Octavla St., near Post. ¦ -• .
WANTED— Reliable young man with $?0 cash; 1
$30 month, board; no experience. 436 Fourth.
WANTED— Bootblack: wages $10 per week. At
RU83 House Baths, 217 Montgomery st.
WANTED-Man to SS wash dishes. Olympic
Cafe,- 44 Stockton st.
WANTED— A good meat cutter; . $35 a month
and found. v; Apply 3318 Mission st.
WANTED— Chief cook; call early. 112 Fourth
street. • / -. . .
W ANTED— Elderly bedmaker at 614 Kearny st.
WANTED-2 waiters at Golden West Hotel,
$25 and $30 per month., .
"WANTED— Dishwasher at ; 107 Berry st.
SHOEMAKER wanted on repairing; steady
. work. 662 Mission at.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price.': 662 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
SHOEMAKER wanted on repairing. ... 631 Sac-
ramento st. ¦ ' " ..- ..
GOOD . waiter wanted. 134 . Third st. I .-.'
WANTED— Dishwasher;. J13 per month. J.
COLE, 162 First Bt. :
AT Hotel Franklin. 1904 Market street, a white
' man for dishwasher. : - -¦•¦-. , ., . ¦
WANTED— A good waiter for restaurant.
1550 Market st.
WANTED— An oyster and lunch man, and also
; a dishwasher, at 19 Powell streetl -
WANTED— An ; elderly i man as night watch-
ma*." Hotel Repeller, 781 Sutter street. ,
WANTED — A ";i short order cook. Apply 2320
¦"-, Lyon street. -near- Presidio. _ : .
WAITER wanted— Must do porter work and
: carry traya/ 37 ( Eddy . st. : : :
BARBERS "all. Invited to call and see the latest
, Improved : revolving chair. - called the "Auto-
¦ back" ; ; If s J a •• corker. STOLTZ' S ; new ¦ head-^
: quarters, 723 Market St., first floor up. ¦¦
WANTED-^ood 1 sugar -barrel % cooper; steady
¦ -•: all j year. round." . Box 2476. Call offlce. -
FIRST-CLASS presscr on : coats.' BELASCO-
HARRIS CO.,? 541 Market st: : '
EXPERIENCED sawyer for furniture factory
."',. 3071 ; Seventeenth ; St., ; pear Folsom.
COAT.% pants and vest maker for country. An-
' ply REISSBROS., 24 Sutter st. - - ¦
WANTED-^100 men to take rooms. 10c.' 15c and
¦¦-.: 20c i Boston 'House. 330 Howard st. :¦.-¦¦ .-i :.-.- -.,;-.
GET your shoes half-soled wnile waiting; 23o
to 50c. 562 Mission st., bet. Jst and 2d «t»,
WANTED— Agents in each city; good money.
Pacific Const M. & L. Co.. 460 9th. OaKland
EXPERIENCED insurance agents. CaM at
room 1C1. 997 Market St.. corner Sixth.
SAVE time and mon?y by ordering canvassing
outfits or complete lif*- of "Queen Victoria,"
sny edition, or any of the new subscription
hnoks from us; we have them all. THE J.
DEWING CO.. Flood building.
WANTED— Ladles or gentlemen as agents to
¦et] oil stock in first -class company; proceed*
issed in Finking wells in positive oil land; ab-
solutely certain to strike oil or monev re-
funded. Address J. R. RICHARDS, box 246?.
Call office.
AGENTS .WANTED.
MONEY TO LOAX.
A— MONET to loan at rates which people can d
. afford to pay on furniture, pianos, etc.; do
not borrow of your friends or you win los«
their friendship; do business with strangers
and you will be- better satisfied: no delay; no
puWidty. Rooms 9 and 10. 90« Market st.
ANY proposition, any amount; • per cent; first,
second mortgages, estates in probate. Interest
in estate, legacies; corporation loans, chattel
mortgages and securities. Room 18. 1st floor.
Chronicle building. HALLORAN A OLSEN.
ANY amount at 6%;. first. 2d and Jd mort-
gages, undivided Interest, real estate in pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay: get my terms before doing business elae-
where. R. McCOLOAN. 24 Montgomery, r. «.
HIGHLY respectable, private place to .obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 846 Market
. st. ; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third st. -
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc., by private)
party; no removal; no commissln; conflden-
tial Room 3, Conservatory bldg.. 301 Jones.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watches. Jewelry. "W. J. HESTHAL. 10 Sixth;
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
ON furniture, pianos; no removal; meney
quick; lowest interest: easy terms; no brokar-
age; reliable party. 1170 Market rt.. room CT.
8% on furniture and pianos; 515 up; no re'moval;
no commission; private- Room 81. 8 Eddy st.
LOANS. 1st or 2dmtgs; city, country. t%, undl-
vlded Inta. : estates. HARPER. 397 Parrott big.
MONEY loaned salaried people without security.
HILL, rm. 44. Merchants' Ex.. 431 California.
CASH loaned on salaries; New York plan. THE
TOUSLET CO.. 321 Parrott building.
J100.CCO TO loan on real estate or for building;
low rate. 222 Sansome St., room 2.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
indorser. MORRELL. 603 Examiner building.
TO salaried people without collateral or in-
dorser. S. F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan big.
BIONEY WANT_oI
WANTED— From private party, the loan oS
J2CC0 on improved real estate, near Goldea
Gate Park: good security. Box 2589. Call.
3IUSICAL INSTIICMENTS.
ANY person having use for a piano can be ac-
commodated at Sherman. Clay & Co.'s with
easiest payments, lowest prices and most re-
liable makers to choose from. Each the best
of their grade, from Steinway down. Priv-
ilege given to exchange medium and low
priced planoa for a n.-w Steinway any tlm«
within three years from date of purchase.
Beautiful new uprights sold for $8 cash and
{6 per month. We effer to sell some good
planes at {3. $4 and S3 per month. SHER-
MAN. CLAY & CO.. Steinway dealers, cor-
ner Kearny and Sutter sts.. San Francisco;
corner Broadway and Thirteenth st., Oak-
land. i^-s< --¦".."- --- ¦'¦ ~. ¦ "-¦ t
WE have a few real bargains to offer to-day;
some good squares r.t $75 and upward; a fine
second-hand Decker & Son upright and any
number of new Deckers, Packards, Smith &
Barnes and Baumetsiters at low prices. If
you want to pay cash we will accommodate
you. and if you prefer payments you'll find,
us just as willing. MAUVAIS MUSIC CO..
769 Market st.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest hous»
west of Chicago Is KOHLER & CHASE'S. 28.
2S and 20 O'Farrell st. : pianos, onrans and
all ether musical instruments of all grades
and prices: terms ea*y; prices lowest: every-
thing possible done Ui please and satisfy th»
customer.
A STORAGE auction piano sale; 21 fine pianos.
Just removed from storage room and placed
on sale; offers wanted to force them out.
WILSON'S STORAGE. 1708 Market »t
ONE high-grade Hazelton and 2 Boothe Bros,
pianos, slightly damaged in transit, hardly
noticeable, at greac reductions. THE J.
DEWING CO.. 12 Flood building.
CO UPRIGHTS, all makes. $75 up: rented and
rent allowed; Hallet & Davis agency. HEINE
PIANO CO.. 217 Geary st.
A FEW new planoa for $150: second-
hand from $30. BENJ CURTAZ & SON.
16 O'Farrell st. Chlckerlng and Vose agency.
¦ J75— FINE Hallet Davis: cost $600; for sale on
, $3 installments. 1419 Post street.
SMALL upright piano for sale: In good condi-
tion. 1S6 Second st., San Francisco.
BEAUTIFUL new pianos, $155 up: rents and
- easy payments. KLARE. 2206 Fillmore st.
A BARGAIN; gpod upright piano; guaranteed
for 5 years. Call 13 Bartlett st. ¦•
FINE standard upright piano, also- parlor set;
sacrifice; leaving city. 324 Golden Gate aie.t
SPECIAL sale of pianos this week: Steinway,
Knabe and others. BRUENN. 208 Post st.
BIGGEST bargain In Fisher upright piano;
nearly new; must be sold. 301 Jonea st.
HIGH-GRADE pianos; Steck. Hardman. Con-
over end others. Wiley B. Allen Co.. 314 Post.
BARGAIN — Must be sold: nice upright piano.
SCHMITZ. 18 McAllister St.. next Hib. Bank.
A NEARLY new grand upright cheap: brilliant.
powerfal tone. HORNUXO. 218 McAllister.
BYRON MAUZT, agency Sohmer tt Co.. Byron
Itauzy, Gabler and SpHlman pianos, 303 Post.
AT KEEFFE'S, 933 Market St.. 4 elegant up-
rights at your own trice. Shontnger agency.
SITPERTOR violins, zitbers. old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham placa.
r ALMISTn Y.
MMeI VELORE FRANCA ISE— Just arrived;
palmistry, readings. 847 Howard st.
H. JEROME FOSSELLI, scientific palmist. 515
Taylor st.. bet. Oearv and Post: tel. Bl»ck SKI.
OFFICES AND STORES TO LET.
LARGE elegant store; cement basement; 993
' Valencia st.. near 21st: will make any neces-
sary alterations of front or Interior ' to salt
good tenant. -— -
TINE store, counter, shelves, S living rooms;
yard; water free: rent $10. 192(r Howard st.
$14— STORE with room and yard. Apply 2—
Fifth st.
. OIL.
• JOSEPH B. TOPLITZ. 330 Pine st-
MEMBER PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Country correspondence solicited.
PAINTERS AND DECORATOlTsT
WALL paper, window shades; rooms papered. $3
1 up. Jensen & Bath, 30S Sixth; open evenings.
! ROOMS papered from $3 up; city or country.
Hartman Paint Co.. 319 3d st. : tel. Red 3521.
PATENTS ASD TEXSIOSS.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful.
GEO. D. CAMPBELL. Lawyer. Examiner big.
PERSOXALS. — ~
Stoddard's Celebrated Plasters, a positive cur*
for all ailments of the flesh, nerves or mus-
cles, prepared and sold onty by MRS. N.
STODDARD. main offlce 1137 Geary St., nr.
Franklin; 'phone East 233. Branch office 1313
Market, opp. Van Ness ave. References— Hor-
" ace Platt. attorney: Tons V. Cator. attorney.
A — IF your hair la falling or yon are bald, call
on DR. G. S. MOORE, 4S3 Geary St.. and you
will not be disappointed; this remedy Is post-
tlvely guaranteed: call or send for circular.
A GENTLEMAN, a little over SO. unblemished
character, good business and means, wishes
to meet a Protestant lady not over SO of
means; object matrimony: no trifters; no ob-
jection to a widow without lncumbranee.
Box 2168. Call offlce.-
B.— ARRIVED last night; want to see you.
¦
ANNOUNCEMENT— The Bargain Millinery
will have her opening days on Tuesday,
Wednesday and Thursday, the 13th, 20th and
21st Inst., when we will show the finest
French pattern hat* and flowers, such as
never -were displayed tn San Francisco be-
fore: ladles are respectfully Invited. - The
Bargain Millinery, 130 Sixth »t., between
Mission and Howard.
TO whom it may concern: My wife. NELLIE!
HUTCHINSON. has left my bed and board.
I will not be responsible for any bills - that
she may contract.
¦ . AUSTIN HUTCHINSON.
JAMES' Detective Bureau. 127 Montgomery st.
room 21: phone Bush 2S9; charges reasonable.
MME. SANDERS, the palmist and medium,
has removed from the Vendome. 1104 Market.
to the Astor House. 1130 Market st.. rooms
1. 2 and 3.- See large ad. under clairvoyants.
TO make the largest amount of money tn th« '
shortest length of time consult MME. 8AN-
. DERS, the only teacher of mlad vibration on
the coast. Astor House. 1130 Market st.
A— $3 50 DERBY and F*dora hats. (1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters. 330 Keamy st.. near Pine.
FINK milts. $10: dress pants, $2 7a. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLOUR. 437 Montgomery st.
PROF. CALDERWOOD. the eminent phren-
ologist, is now at the Antor House, 1130 Mar-
ket st. Lessons given orally and by mall.
PROF. MERGEN'S Mineral OH and Salve: sura
cure for dropsy, paralysis, rupture; eyesight;
commit." tlon at rooms 8 and 9, las Market at.
$1 WEEKLY; suits to order from genuine
Scotch. »15 up; fine dress suits. $20 up; ele->
gant overcoats. $13 up, LEON LEMOS. 1117
Market St.. between Seventh and Eighth.
ELECTRIC light in every room— Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third st., near. Market: "00 roomi:
25o to $1 SO per night: $t SO to $< per week;
free 'bus and baggay- to and from th« ferry.
WHITE enamel Iron beds, single, three-quarter
or double. $2 25. EASTERN OUTFTTTINO
CO., 1310-1313 Stock tea it, near Broadway.
ANNt'AL Meeting— The annual meeting of the
stockholders cf the Western Sugar Refining
Company will be held at the office of the
company. S27 Market ft.. Fan Francisco, Cal.,
«*n MONDAY, the 25th day of March, 1901.
at the hour cf 12 m.. for the purpose of
electing a board cf directors to serve for
the ensuins year and the transaction of
fuch other buriness as may come before the
meeting. Transfer books will close on Fri-
day. March IS. 1501. at 12 m.
W. H. HANNAM. Secretary.
DIVISION No. t, A. O. H.. Board of
Erin — Literary exerdsos and ball at
liall. 1159 Mission street, on MONDAY J«\<fl
EVENING. March 18, to commemo- CCWj?
rate ' St. Patrick's day. Tickets at f*^ti
door of ha'L Every lover of Ireland should
be present. J. J. KEATING. President.
JOHN CRONIN. Recording Secretary.
TACIFIC Lodge No. 115, L O. O. oS^_/,
F.— Special called n:.--etir.g MON'- =-/5^>_r
DAT NIGHT. March IS. for In-
ADOLPHUS E. GRAUPNER. N. G.
FRANKLIN M. CARSON.. Secretary.
KING Solomon's Lodge, No. 260, F. and a
A. M . Franklin Hall, Fillmore. be- ,_\,
tween P.:;sh unfi Gutter. P<>cori<i degree, }&2c
THIS EVENING, at 7:S0. f^r*
HARRY BAEHR, Secretary.
EAN FRANCISCO Chapter No. 1. Royal
Arch Masons, meets THIS EVENING. K_5J
Business -and 11. A. degree^
OCCIDENTAL Lodge No. 22. F. and A. _
M.-THIS EVENING «JI
7:30 o'clock. Third tippree. Master >C2\
Masons cordially invited. /V^
WALTER O. ANDERSON. ¦ Secretary.
GOLDEN Gate Commandery No. 16, K. -jfc—
T., Golden Gate building. 625 Sutter st. TaBP
-Stated assembly THIS EVENING at ffM
f o"clock. The order of the Temple «p
will be conferred. AH fraters are cour- "
teously Invited.
ROBERT MCMILLAN. Em. Com.
WM. T. FONDA. Recorder.
MEETING NOTICES.
CLAIRVOYANTS.,;
MME. SANDERS removed : from the. Vendome,
1104 Market st., to 1130 Market, Astor House.
Tells .you what to do for & living,; whom to
marry, unites the separated; discovers mines, 1
names the. winning horses, . finds lost prop-
erty, ¦". reveals your .enemies, tells the past;
foretells the future, gives , lucky numbers,
legal advice, teaches mind vibration, brings
you into mental communication with friends
at a distance, - reads your hands, head and
Innermost thoughts, dispels the blues,- drives
away melancholy and gladdens every heart.
Call to-day if possible. Ten questions an-
swered by mall i for. U. Astor House, 1130
" Market st., rooms 1," 2 and 3. ' '• . ¦ .
MME. M. BERNARD. "~
THE FAMOUS "' .
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanent-
ly located 17 Third St.. next Examiner bldg.
She reads your life correctly, gives an accur-
ate description of the past, reveals the present
happenings and portrays events to occur in the
future. If you are in trouble, discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied In life, or have domes-
tic, love or business troubles, consult this
great medium ard-you will be told -how-to
overcome them. Valuable advice In all' affairs
of life; 25c up; perfect satisfaction guaranteed.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the well-known trance
medium, is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
ket St.. corner Gblden Gate ave., -rooms 25
and 26;. take elevator. Perfect satisfaction
guaranteed by mail; send stamp for pam-
phlet with special terms. Dally and Sunday.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil— second sight;
diagnoses disease with life reading: ladies 50c,
. gents SI: palm, and clalr. sit. *1 50. ,126 Turk.
1SMAR, the Egyptian gypsy, "clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 1148 Market, op.
Cth: private readings daily, 10 a. m. to S p. m.
VIRGINIA, clairvoyant, palmist; advice on all
... affairs of life; business, love, mining, law-
suits. 2foj Kearny. r. 6. 6; hrs 10 to 12. 1 to 7.
MME. L'AROSE. best clairvoyant." card reader,
. test medium; 25c up. 472 Stevenson st..cor.6th.
MME. HANSON, palmistry, card reader: past,
present, future; £5c. 148, Sixth Bt., room 14.
MRS. MELVILL. well-known clairvoyant, water
reader. 11 Cth; German spoken ;tel. Howard 1846.
MME. ZEREDA. the gypsy, Is the great . palm-
ist' and card reader, 25c 7 Seventh st.
MME. SCHAFFER. clairvoyant, card reader,
sittings daily. 4m4 Jessie st.. bet. Sth & Cth.
MMR. AUGUST, clairvoyant,' card reader and
palmistry: truth or.no pay: 25c. 1149 Mlsslon.-
MMR RAVENNA, reads life fluently; business
¦ g«*ylo«-' nrripii trli-on- 2f./« nn, R "Fnnrtji ft.
chiropodists:
CORNS, bunions, ingrown nails. - warts, chil-
blains:. paln;eRs cure. Dr. Duncan. 415 Sutter.
GKORGE.W. KELLY'S Agency— No~chargTun^
less successful. Room 310. 927 Market st.
COTTAGES TO LET.
TEHAMA. 9. near First— Cottage, : 6 rooms;
yard and conveniences: rent moderate.
$10— COTTAGE 4 poms; half block Folsom and
Preclta ave. Key 350" Preclta ave.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
OPENING day spring millinery of McDowell
School. Friday. March 22. 1019 Market st.
ACCORDEON' pleating: country orders prompt
attention. 121 Post, over O'Connor & Moffatt.
DENTISTS.
AT~the EL"E^TR^-15E^l^L^LfN7c7~ioTMar^
ket st., cor, 4th. rm. ?, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
$3 60 up; plates, extractions free. $4 50 up; of-
fice hours, 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sundays,9 to 2
P. m. J. W. THATCHER, M. P.. Manager.
EIGHT-pri«>8 for best crowns, plates, -bridges
and fillings; extractions or fillings by my
wonderful secret, painless method: 20 years'
experience; no students; advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants..
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, 20 O'Farrell st.
A — NEW unbreakable plate, the Rose Pearl,
warranted for 20 years; crowns, $3 59; fillings,
tnic; plates, $5. full set: all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1413 Market, nr. Eleventh
— No Charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from f8.per set; extracting, GOc; gas given.
THE New York Dentists have moved to 969
Mission ft., cor. Sixth. Consult us on crowns
and bridges; difficult plate, work solicited;
positive painless extraction, 50c.
PARIS Dental Parlor. 235 Kearny, cor. Bush—
Full eet of teeth, $4; crowns, $3; fillings, 25c.
DR.R.L. WALSH, 815% Geary, nr. Larkin— Pain-
less extraction 50c;plates $5 up; phone Polk 1135.
DR. H. G. TRUEMAN, dentist, third floor. Ei-
a miner building; formerly In Murphy bldg.
VAN VROOM— "Painless" ; evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market st., corner Sixth.
SET of teeth without plates. DR. II. G.
YOUNG. 1341 Polk st. ¦'
EDUCATIONAL.
AYRES' Business College, 723 Market St.— Day
and evening; JS per month; $50 life scholarship
guarantees a complete business education. In-
cluding the commercial and shorthand course:
telegraphy, penmanship, etc.; positions, se-
cured for graduates; catalogue. -
GALLAGHER-MARSH College. Parrott bldg.—
Shorthand, typing and bookkeeping; Robert F.
Gallagher, expert court reporter, teacher of
shorthand: reportortal phrasing taught; prac-
tical bookkeeping, full course. $50; catalogue.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Post st..
8. F. — Bookkeeping, shorthand, typing, lan-
guages, telegraphy, English branches, civil,
electrical and mining engineering, etc.: day
and night sessions; new SO- page catalogue free.
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical
colleges; references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
CALIFORNIA BUSINESS COLLEGE has posl-
-tions guaranteed to It by written contract and"
can therefore with confidence guarantee posi-
tions to all its graduates. 305 Larkin Ft.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec., mining, mech., sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day. eve.; est. 1864. Van
der Nalllen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
A FULL course In Ellis bookkeeping and the
Gregg shorthand costs only $60. i San Fran-
cisco Business College. 1236 Market st.
A SPECIALTY— Perfecting beginners; business
college graduates; bookkeeping: figures: short
¦ i time. TARR. exp. acct.. 220 Parrott bldg.
MERRILL-MILLER College, shorthand and
typlrc. removed to new quarters, rms. 40-45,
Parrott bid k.z Individ. Instruction; catalogue.
FRENCH.SpanisH. etc. Prof. DeFillppe'sAcademy
of Languages, S20Pos.t:estab'd 1871 ;ablest profs.
PROF. MERKI. from Paris: violin; mandolin,
gultnr: experienced. 100S Mission st.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writinje.
etc.: day or eve.; J5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
ILLUPTRATTON-PARTINGTON'S DAY and
ILLUSTRATION— nlc:it rinrK. 424 Pine Ft.
.EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A— UNION Japanese-Chinese Emp. Offlce— Best
help furn. ;" domestic servants: work executed
with care, dispatch. 417 Powell; tel. Bu?h 378.
JAPANESE Employment Offlce ' and House-
cleaning Co., best help; send men at short
notice. 1125 Sutter." nr.- Polk; tel. Larkin 2391.
JAPANESE" and Chinese .help of all kinds;
cooks, waiters and house servants. GEO.
AOKI & CO.. 421 Post st.; tel. Bush 133.
A n C EMPLOYMENT Office; Chinese. Japan-
ese help fur. ."4 4 California: phone .Tames 2601.
JAPANESE, central house-cleaning & employ-
ment; all kinds help- 1046 Sutter: tel. East 203.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese employment of-
fice: all kind* help. 315 Stockton; Main 51SS.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese, Chi-
nese help. 426 Powell. nr. Sutter: tel.Black 5072.
JAPANESE 'and Chinese employment offlce —
Beet help. 626 O'Farrell St.: tel. Hyde C191.
CHINESE "and Japanese employment, office—
Bert help. 411% O'Farrell St.: tel. East 426.
EMPLO yjIEXT WANTED— FEMALE.
A STRONG young woman wishes work by the
day house and . window cleaning; will - wash
flannels; ¦ SI 50 per day; references. Call or
addresn MRS. K., 721A Bush St., rear.
GOOD cook wishes situation, would assist with
washing; reference; city or country. Call 69
Natoma ft., near Second. r> :P:-r:
DRESSMAKER Just" arrived from' New York
wishes engagement In family > by the ' day,
Jl 50. Apply, to Dressmaker, CCS : Mission st.
WIDOW" wlfhes to cook nnd assist with house-
work: moderate wages;, call, at 452',J Minna
-St., near Sixth; no postals. :, -¦'•_.;.- -. ,,
.AMEHICAN . woman, good laundress, .wishes
. "work In or. near San Rafael for the summer;
reference. Box 2G04, Call office.
WANTED — By a young - woman, situation "aa
chambermaid where she' could sleep home
nights Box. 2612, Call offlce. '
DRESSMAKER from the East, first-class, goes
out by the day; can make a suit in one day.
1532- Polk St. - - -'. -¦.-.:
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket— 200 roams : 25c to $1 50 per night ; $1 50 to $6
iWoek; convenient^ and, respectable; free 'bus
-. nnd baggage to and f rom ferry. -:. " •
BY a <¦ middle-aged ..woman, housekeeping, or
chamber work: would like • to j go <„ north; no
. trlfW. MISS B., 2SiSeventh St.. room >26.v
SWEDISH- clrt .wants position to • do general
•housework.- Apply. 1122 Rhode Island St. ," near
Twenty-third. -."•.-'¦¦
HELP WANTED — .MAX— — Co«.
MEN— Our catalogue explains how we Teach th«
trade in two months, saving two years;
mailed free. We have no Bo shop in connec-
tion with our college: chairs and furniture
are, all made to our ow n order, with, a view
- to cleanliness and convenlence._ _
MOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE. 635 Clay St.
Beware of any cheap Imitations.
MAN. upright character, to manage business;
established house: »18 per week and expenses
payable weekly from - headquarters ; expense
money advanced: ¦ permanent; ¦ reference.
Standard Honse. 314 Caxton bldg.. Chicago.
MEN .OU WOMEN l —
....Paid Big Commissions 'AX11'
UTICA CLEANSING COMPOUND CO1*-
PANT. 21 Spear st. .
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, rtlll
runs Denver House. 217 Third St.: 150 larga
.rooms; 25c per night: $1 to S3 per week.
WANTED— Steady man; light Indoor work; will
pay $75 per month to start; steady place: must
have S3X). READ A CO.. 10<m4 Market st.
MEN to learn barber trade: catalogue mailed
Iree. S F. Barber College. 741A Howard st.;
, no barroom chairs used in this college. .
SAILORS, blacksmiths, seamen & green hands;
all parts of world. HERMAN'S. 2S Steuart.
PENSIONS— J. H. Shepard & Co., old reliable
firm. 806 Market, room 40. Phelan building.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket— 700 rooms. 23c night: reading-rooms: free
•bus and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH offlre for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 109«
Valencia st. _
¦ _ HORSES AND WAGONS.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
«27 Plxth Ft.; auction sales every Wednesday.
EULLIVA?: & DOgLE. Auctioneers.
S. F. VETERINARY 'College will commence Its
Sd t ess-ion June 10. f Catalogue by applying to
M. L. Pancoast, sec. 510 Golden Gate ave.
FOR sale — Nine-passenger wagon. 5 Montgom-
ery st. or 1340 East Fourteenth st.. Oakland.
A— 100 SETS second-hand harness; wagons.
carts, buggies, surreys, horses. 1140 Folsom.
THREE fast road h«.Tjen; also some good
! business horses, at 721 Howard st.
AN A No. 1 express wacon. single, also light
camping wagon." for sale cheap. 532 Mission.
HOUSES TO LET.
A^PI_<JTED'_^5T~Ho_eX
cular. O. H. UMBSEN ft CO.. 14 Montgomery.
CEDAR ave.. 65, off Larkin St.. bet. Geary
and Post— New house. 1 rooms, porcelain
bath, gas. grates, etc.: sun In every room.
Full particulars MADISON & BURKE. 626
Market st.
MISSION. 2251— House of 8 rooms and bath;
basement and large yard; rent $20.
NICELY furnished house, 9 rooms and bath;
will rent furnished or unfurnished; reason-
able. 1625 Post st. '
LOST AND FOUND.
LOST— Yesterday, in Golden Gate Park: yel-
low satchel, containing articles belonging to
J. H. Ellis. Finder returning same to 1424
Filbert, Oakland, will receive liberal reward.
LIBERAL reward for an old lady's purse; lost
Saturday evening; had two small bottles
and all the money she had. Call USA Elev-
enth, corner Minna. . t
LOST— A gold nugget pin. going from Devis-
adero to Folsom-street wharf. Reward of $5
on return to 501 A Broderick st.
LOST — A passbook with the Hlbernla Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco. In the
name of MRS. JENNIE CRESWELL. No.
134-643. The finder will please return to bank.
LOST— Gold dagger stick pin; Guerrero, 23J
sts.; reward. Return 1226 Guerrero st.
THURSDAY evening — A fox terrier dog pup. 8
months old; pure white; return to 444 Jersey
st. and receive reward. J. E. LANGLEY.
Wanted — Old gold for manufacturing. O. Nolte,
Jeweler, 213 O'Farrell. bet. Powell and Mason.
OLD gold, silver, diamonds and precious stones
bought. J. R. JENKEL. 817 Market st.
MATRIMONIAL.
GENTLEMEN wishing to marry wealthy ladles
pend 10c for llxt. MRS. HKP.TZ, 70S Kills wt.
MATTKESSES AXU tIPHOI.STERV.
MATTR_^S~a_"upl™Tt7r^^
to order or renovated, feather and hall
steamed: expert carpet cleaning: strictly re-
Ilable. HOPKE BROS.. 318-320 Eleventh st.
~~™ " MEDICAL. ~ ~
A— RENOWNED specialist: those who desire to
obtain results promptly: ladles only: my reg-
ulator has no equal; all classes of female
complaints relieved by treatment superior to
all others: the only treatment that helps the
unfortunate: the most obstinate cases are
Immediately relieved without pain: ao other
treament will do this; the most difficult
cases treated: scientific methods guaranteed.
DR G. W. O'DONNELL, 101S Market, op- 5th.
DR. and MRS. DAVIES. 1228 Market, the well-
known ladies' specialists; 32 years" practice:
perfectly reliable; a positive cure guaranteed
at offlce: patients treated can return same
day: these wishing to treat themselves should
send for the HINDOO HERB HOME TREAT-
MENT: a sure cure-; gives Instant relief : harm-
less; any one can use It; stamp for circular.
DR. POPPER— Newly Improved genuine regu-
lator can only be had at my office; for all
female complaints: beware of Imitations: can
be sent: 37 years' experience. 323 Kearny St.
MRS. DR. WYETH, reliable specialist: 25 yrs.'
successful practice: guaranteed treatment at
offlce: any ailment: home for patients; con-
snlt free. 942 Post St.. bet. Hyde and Larkin.
MRS. GOODWIN. 1035 Market-Private home
for patients before and during confinement;
well known: implicit confidence; reliable.
DR.-. KOHL, ladles' specialist, removed from 99"
Market st. to 942 Post. bet. Hyde and Larkin.
MRS. D. ALLEN-Removed to 111S Market St..
bet. Taylor and Mason: ladles' specialist.
MINES AND MINING.
ATTENTION miners and capitalists— The most
• promising group of cepper mines In Southern
Arizona, partially developed, can be bonded
for the next 30 days for $80,000: mines will
pay their way from date. Address Owner.
Ppstofllce box 31. Oakland. Cal. %
MINES bought and sold; also stocks In mines
and oil companies. Prof. John Tilton. rms.
475-476. 4th floor. Parrott bldg.: » 10-12: 1-3.
MISCELLANEOUS— FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counter*,
linoleum, new and second-hand: we always
have a large stock of saloon outfits oh hand;
32 complete outfits nn one floor, ready made;
w» can ship everything In 24 hours. J.
NOONAN. 1017. 1019. 1021. 1023 Mission et..
above Sixth; write. for catalogue..
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
Klnea, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 216 Spear st.
TYPEWRITERS st any price to close them <
out: different makes; call early for bargains.
TYPEWRITER EXCHANGE. 409 California.
A— 15 AND 25 H. P.- boiler;- 8 H. P. engine!
cheap. J. BURKE, 123 Beale st.
A— 20-TON Howe wagon scale; compound beam.
Apply at 216 California st. . j
GENUINE Lemalre opera glasses, almost brand
new. for or.ly So. Uncle Harris, 13 Grant ave. !
FOR sale cheap— Gent's 1SO0 Columbia bicycle;
coaster brake. Photographer. 633 Golden Gate.
FOR sale — 2 wall cases. 1 counter for tailor or
dry cleaner. 230 Van Ness ave.. bicycle store.
TYPEWRITERS. 2d-hand. all makes, at low
figures. L. & M. ALEXANDER. 110 Montg'y.
SMALL lathe- and a strong vise. 3H-'ach Jaw.
H. - HORN. . Cable" Hotel. Tiffany ave. -
JERSEY cow; Al; 5 gallons. 2731 Golden Gate
ave.
FOR sale — Thre* young talking parrots. Ad-
dress 113 Tenth St.
FOR sale— Merry-go-round: good running order.
Address box 63. Oakland P. O.. general offlce.
VALUABLE tide & marsh land records. Apply
JAS. MASON. Notary Public. 425 California.
$10-«NEW HOME pewlns machine. In good con-
dition. 1571 Market St., near Twelfth. -
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern engines ani
boilers bought and sold. KROGH MFG. CO.
2D-HAND steam, gas. oil, water and air ma-
chinery bought and sild. White, SIS Mission.
PHOTOGRAPHIC and- magic lantern goods
bought, sold, exchanged. 109 Montgomery st.
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
M AN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving pic-
tures. BULLARD & BRECK> 131 Post st.
SAFES— New and second-hand; aU sizes. THE
WALTZ SAFE. 109-111 Market st. San Fran.
A "WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
IB pages. In wrapper, for mailing, n p«r year.
¦¦- MISCELLANEOUS WA.VTS.
TILTON' S misfit parlors wants masquerade, la-
dles'. gent's clothing. 154. 9th: tel. Folsom 2522.
SECOND-HAND steam, gas and electric ma-
;: chlnery wanted. 204 MUsloa St., near Main.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The Ban Francisco
Call, corner cf Market and Third streets; open
until 12 o'clock every nlgut In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— ES7 Montgomery street.
corner Clay; open until 9:38 p. ra. •
800 Hayes etreet; open until 9:30 p. m.
C3 McAllister etreet; open until 9:50 p. ra.
CIS Larkin street; open until 9:30 p. m.
1941 Mission etreet: open until 10 p. m.
SKI Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 p. m.
J06 Eleventh ttreet; open until $ p. m.
JC96 Valencia Etreet: open until 9 p. ra.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky streets; open until 9 p. ra.
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
2C5H
BYTUOLUMNE RIVER AT LA GRANGE.
KINGS r RIVER AT RED MOUNTAIN!!
SACRAMENTO RIVER AT JELLYS FERRY. ,
Following is a statement of the estimated
flow, of certain. California rivers in cubic feet
per second, ' or second feet, ons second foot
equaling- 50 California miner's inches, or about
40 Colorado miner's inches. The figures are
from J. B. Llppincott, hydrojrrapher 'of the
United States Geological Survey:
riiOW OF RIVEBS.
Generally cloudy and threatening ¦ weather
prevails over the Rocky Mountain region, Ida
ho, Oregon and Washington. Elsewhere on the
Pacific slope the weather is clear. Light rain
has fallen over Washington and Oregon. .
The cressure has risen rapidly over the
northwestern portion of the country and fallen
over the southern portions of the Pacific slope
and Rocky Mountain region.
The temperature has fallen over the Rocky
Mountain region and remafned nearly station
ary on the Pacific slope," "except a fall In tho
eastern. portion of Washington and" Oregon.
Conditions are favorable for fair ahd some
what .wlrmer weather in 'California Monday.
Forecast made at San Francisco for the thir
ty hours ending midnight, March li, 1901:
Northern California— Fair Monday; warmer:
light northerly wind. ; :• . ¦
Southern -¦ California— Fair - Monday; fresh
northerly, wind. • : ;.-., - ¦
Nevada— Fair Monday. ¦<-,... .
•Utah— Cloudy, 'with rain Monday.
"Arizona— Rain In -north portion; fair In south
portion Monday. * •
• San FrancJsco and vicinity— Fairs warmer
Monday; light northerly wind. • • •
Local 'Forecast Official.
Temporarily In Charge.
FORECAST.
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
62; minimum, 48; mean. 55. . ¦
"WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with these of the same date
last season, 'and rainfalls in the last twenty
four hours:
(120th Meridian-Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, March 17, 1901—5 p..m.
Weather Report.
Watt, lot on NW corner of Haight and Baker
streets. W- 100 by N'13ff;- »1«,000, --•-¦--
David and Albertlne Davis to James T. Gay
nor, lot on S line of Hayes street, 131:3 E of
Clayton, E 25 by S 137:6; $1500.
Edwin W. Jacobs to Leonard Lewlsohn, un
divided one-tenth and all Interest In Western
Addition b^lock 6S4; $100.
Jean P. Serres to Rosle Serres, lot 26, block
290. O'N. and H. Tract: also lot on NW line of
Jessie street. 342:6 SW of Fifth. SW 24:6 by
NW 80, marriage settlement and mutual deed
o£ gift; gift. . - , : .
Albion S. Perley to Matilda H. Perley, lot
on N-llne of- Sixteenth street, 25 W of Albion
avenue, W. 60, N 100, E 85. S 15. W 25. S S5;
also lot on E line of Shotwell street, 148 N of
Eighteenth. N 74 by E 122:6; gift. ...
William Winslow to Olivia W. Wlnslow, lot
on E line of Valencia street, 150 S of Twen
tieth, S 24 by E 90! gift.
John C. and Eva L. Kortlck to D. A. Curtln.
lot -i NW corner of • Twenty- fourth and Fair
Oaks streets, W 90: by N 24; J1000.
William E. and Emma Nelson to Caro P. K.
Smith (wife of George F.), lot on S line ot
O'Farrell street, 27:6 W of Jones, W 22 by S
68:9; W0.000.
Timothy and Hannah Sullivan to same, lot
on SW corner- of O'Farrell and Jones streets,
W 27:6 by S 68:9; J22.000. , • /
Adolph Richter to Dorotheo Rlchter, lot on
NE line of Seventh street, 150 SE of Brannan,
SE 50 byNE 80; J2000. •¦ v \ "
John T. Graham ¦ to Richard Miller, - lots 1461
and 1462, GIft:Map.3; $500.
Huu'h McAleer to Mary D. McAIeer, lot on
S line of Thirtieth street, 74:10 W of Dame,,
W/23:2 by 8 123, block 27, Falrmount; gift.
"Hartwell and Julia M. Ware to Angela Sar
vanello (wife of Carlo), lot 32, block 4, Garden
Tract Homestead; $210. ,
Annie and Paul Walpole to Alphonse and
Octavie Gales, lots SS and 33, block 5, same;
4500. --: , ¦ . '¦ ¦¦
Peter Dean to Louisa Ppalatrlni. lot on E
line of Porter avenue, &0 S of Worden avenue.
S 25. E to Mission street, N 25, W to begin
ning, block 22, West End Map 2; $500.
. Alameda County.'".-
Michael and. Julia Thornton to. Benjamin J.
Phillips, lot on W line of Market .street, 59:1
S or Fifth, S!25 by WUOO, block 4S2, Board
man's map, Oakland;. $1500.
Sarah .1/ O'Brien to Mrn. L. T. Hunt, lot on
N line of East Twelfth Btreet, 100 E of Thir
teenth avenue. E 75 by N, 200, block 153, Clin
ton, East Oakland; $10. : ¦
George H. and Susan B.Wethern to George
B. Jacobs, lot on NW line of East Twentieth
street and Twenty-third avenue, W 158:1%. N
£0, E to W line of Twenty-third avenue, S 58
to beginning, ' portion block .D, subdivision
Fifty Associates' Tract, 'East Oakland; $1000.
Annie K. Baroteau to Alex F. Johnson, lot
15,: block 480, on map of Market and Adeline
Street .Homestead, Oakland; $2000.
Mary A. Miller (widow), H. M. A., Harry
E.i C. O. G., Horace ,H. and Paul L. Miller,
Charlotte K. Mhoon (wife of John B.) and M.
Annie Miller to San Francisco Savings Union,
lot on N line of Twenty- fourth street. 99 -W
of .Telegraph avenue, W 43 by N 100, block O,
Kelsey Tract, ' Oakland: also lot on S line of
Fifth street, 35 : E of Center, E 25 'by S 125,
lot 2, i block 472, 1 Official Map, Oakland; I also
lots 29 to S3. block < 472, on Official Map, Oak
land: also lot on N line of San Jose avenue.
17C W» of Lafayette street, W 44 by N 150,
portion block 11 on map of Bartlett 50- Acre
.Tract, Alameda; $5000. • .' .
Annie K. Baroteau to Blagl A. and Maria Y.
PlKnata.' lot 16, block 4S0; on man of Adeline
end- Market Street Homestead. Oakland; $1500.
Thomas F. Graber and Lizzie and . Henry
Jessen (by Howard K. James, commissioner)
to Homestead- Loan Association, the W 77.03
feet of lot 15, Peralta Park. Berkeley; $2699.
Ferdinand W. Stephenson to Beverly Flet
cher, lot beginning at stake No. 8 ¦ In center
line of Panoramic way,, thence NE 200, SE 73
SE 100, SE 100, SE 60. SE CO, NW 50, NW 100,
NW 100, NW 133.40, NW 61.05. NW 6.55 to be
ginning, portion University Terrace. Berkeley;
J1500. .- .
Chrlstof and.Lydia Bader to Hermann Brauer
Jr.,. lot 6, •block C, map of subdivided Heald
Twenty-third Avenue - Tract, Brooklyn | Town
bhlp,"quitclaim deed; $1. , ;
Central Pacific Railway Company to Adolph
and Mary E.. Werner, lot on S line of county
road - from Oakland to San.Leandro, 103.90 E
of . ¦ High street, E 25.S7 by S. 125, block A,
Huntington Tract, Brooklyn Township; $625.
Mary A. Bullman to John Sr. and Johanna
Bullman. , lots ¦ 16 and 17. block • 28, . map of
Mary A. Fitch Homestead, subject to lifs
estate to second party, .Alameda; glft. : - ¦''¦.
•Andrew E. Burnham to Frank M. Nottage
lot on NW cornner Cherry and Forty-fifth
streets, N 100 by,W 92, portion Temescal Park,
Oakland-; *1O. - - • - ¦
William J.- Meyer to Edwin L. . Meyer, lot on
NE line East Twenty-second street. 225 NW of
Thirteenth avenue, NW ; 37:6 by NE 150, por
tion:'double block 129, CHnton,: East Oak
land: $5 ;,.- -•;•¦;¦¦" . -j :>;'¦;; ¦ . - ¦. '-... . : ¦-.--. ..-;
" Christine J.- Cameron to Seraphlna William
son, • lot on: SE .line Eleventh avenue, 100 NE
Easr Twentieth street, NE 90 by SE 150, block
127,'Cllnton, East Oakland; $5. / -¦¦
¦ Evan L. Riese- (single) . to A. H. Duaeombe
(single), all Interest - In ¦ lot 11/ block 9, Her
zog tract. Oakland; |10. . . -
• A.* " H.': Duneombe (single) to J. W. BroVn,
all same; $10. ¦ -~ ; ; ... . \ ¦ .
Plummer J Improvement Company to C. H.
Phillips, i, lot on "SW corner of Kearney and
Aetna streets, ,S 60 by W.,135. Berkeley;. $1430.;
- C* H. -'Phillips to Rlzpah Phillips, same; gift.'
Katie and Joseph Roeder to Gabriel Zobh all
Interest : in ¦ lot 25. \ block J, . amended map Moss
tract. .Berkeley. Township; $500. . - ., *.
Emma Ehrenpfort to J. Frank Thompson, lot
23, map of the Llttlefleld tract, Oakland; $500.
Robert and Jessie. J. Dlckson to Rolla V.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
HOTEL ABRIVALS.
PALACE HOTEL. .
W"M Dolphin, StLouis C E White, Los Ang
H T Perham. St Louis I M Van Nuys & w,
A II Ernest. Texas Texas
3 A Kileey. Chicago A G Wells & w. L An
J H Wilson & w, Pa G A Barnard &w, Cal
A D King. Hanford J A Serl & w, N J
E Rlchffrdson & w, Miss C F Serl, N J- "
Michigan PA S Newell, N J
J G GafTagan, Mich WE Welsh, US A
A H Morse Jr, Boston R A Rowan, . Los Ang
A Morton, . Seattle Mrs MB Spang, Cal
D M Miller, Cal Miss A M Bissell, Fa
T J.: Gorman, PortlOT Miss M Loughlln, Cal I
N A Graham, Portlnd Miss S N Ridden, Wsh
H A Keller, Philadel Mrs C Mackey, Cal
J B, Estee. Milwaukee Mrs F J Mackey, Cal
E G Wyckoft, N. Y Miss Hillard, Cal
W Adams, Boston H W. Shelf & w, Pa
F Blark, w & . dau, B S Benson & w. Or
Pennsylvania E 8 Barney, Dayton
E W. Schwarzenberg;, J. K Harmon, Chgo
New Orleans ¦¦ A Harmon, Chgo
H Meyers & w, N T EC Voorhels, Cal
W. N Dreyfoes, Chgo Mrs W J Stover. Wash
H Swift & w, Chicago Mrs Witmer,' Wash
C D Parker & w, Mo Miss Stover, Wash
H 8 Ferguson, Mo OF Coleman & w, Cal
Mrs P S Stokes, Mo A Baillle. Cal
I F Stokes, Kan City S ¦ H Hutchlnson. Bost
E A Stoke*,- Kan City S S Bailey, Seattle !
I W Spuegelberg, '"w, Miss E Bailey,.' Seattle
child & nurse, N Y bin T Flint. ;San Juan
Dr M Wasserman, ,NY T T Aniliams & w. Cal
Mrs M Toolben Jr, 3 J A Hasden, Nevada
• ch & 2 maids, St Joe H M Bardsal],- Wash .
A Grannls, N J W C Howard, Denver
T RAppeten Jr, Cal F W Penflre. Chgo
C Lowensteln & w, R W Fay, Chicago
NY— ' C Kemper, Boston
¦ GRAND HOTEL.
B L Werthelmer & w, JT J McCarthy, L Ang
Sacto ' G B Katiensteln Jr,
C T B Jones, L Ang Cal ¦ .
S S Matthews & w, G W Masten, Eureka
Michigan E M.King, Jeffrsn Cty
Mrs S Runyon, Cal H M Butler, Cal
0 B McCord, Hanford A E Edwards & w,
J Mighavacco & w, Cal New York
T F Spencer & w. Mo G H • Kelly, Portland
Mrs T J McCarthy, BE Ellsworth, Cal
Spokane D R Poundstone, Cal
H A.Joy, Tacoma M Persons & w, Cal .
E J Garrow, Cal C R Ladd. Sactp *"
W W Garrow, Cal , Mr Guthrle. Cambria
G C Oydelotte & w, J G Davies, Cal
Hanford J M Barnes, Los An?
A Morton, Seattle C Lcnfert, Redding
D M Miller, Seattle F Mason. Sacto
M 3- Montelth, Chgo G H Anderson, S Jos«
C B ¦ Porter & w, Pa- O B Greenwell. Cal
A Haines. Madison J.M Clark, S Paula
T J Wolff, Sacto J M Meredith. l> Ang
G M Istey, Sacto J T Land, Sacto
Dr J D Dameron, Cal M Roberts & w, Sacto
T .-» J Donovan, Col * --.• N C Ray •& -w. ¦ Sacto
W F Lutz, Santa Ana W Parker, Los Ang
A Buckheim, S Ana N Maggard & w, Cal
L H Palmer, Kan city W H Reagan, Cal ;
C C Stelnbrenner; Pa T E Thane, Cal
V Deweln. Illinois J Hatch. San Josa
C W Pendleton, L Ang J D Thayard. Nome
C Knight, Denver Mrs J A Nordin. Cal
A S Malice, Riverside W H Sawyer, Worces-
H E Carter, Los Ang ter
EH Whlteacre. Nev J W Weeks.. Los Ang
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
W J Trlnk, Mare Islnd C W Hubener, Ohio '
W Yerger, Cincinnati H M O Gathe, Utah:;
L Travis &. w, Wyo E McCIellan. N Y City
E Salchmy & w, Chi- F Ryan, Chicago ' " .
caRo. Ill , ' . W Howell, Tacoma
C Eadnio, Denver N Nelson, Seattle
J .V Schmit, Denver P Lyons, Seattle
HAH Emleben, Neb H Thompson, St Louis
1 H Gernad, III R C Mayers, St Louis
W Chlnn. California ' H Ross, Chicago
G W Langner, Ohio A Carstlnsen, Denver
J A Senitt, Cincinnati .
It Is reported that Count Tolstoi, .who
ever since his excommunication ' has been
loudly cheered whenever he has made his
appearance, is taking an active part \ in
the, disturbances at Moscow, where the
situation is complicated by a strike of the
operatives of several largo^actories. .
Eight hundred students of the Univer
sity of St. 'Petersburg, virtually all re
maining here.- met last Friday and re
solved not to attend further lectures. The
police subsequently arrested sixteen. Four
hundred students of the Technological
School entered the courtyard of the Insti
tution ; to hold a motting; and* the police
inscribed all their names.. The Mining
Academy Is already entirely closed.
ST. PETERSBURO. March 17.— In con
seQuence of the riotous disturbances fol
lowing, the demonstrations promoted by
university students, the Government "has
proclaimed 1 a state* of siege at Odessa,
Kieff and Khartcoff. It is reliably report
ed here that a student died at Kharkoft
from injuries sustained in the disorders
of March 4 in that city. ': : *
Tolstoi Reported to Be Taking Active
¦ Fart in the Moscow Disturbances
Which Involve Factory
Operatives. N ,
Riots Following Students'
Demonstrations Cause
, Official Action. V
RUSSIAN POLICE
BESIEGE ODESSA
THE SAN FBAScISC0 ;CXLI^,^
9
Last I This
21 Hours Season.
\ Last
Season.
STATIONS.
Kureka 0.03
Red Bluff.; < ....
Sacramento
San Francisco ....' ¦
Fresno ..*..,
Independence ....... .... -
Kan Luis Oblspo....
Los Angeles
San Diego...
40.65
22.84
16.58
- 18.79
10.28
6.70 I
27.62.
* 14.05
8.61
42.58
18.63
15.44
17.02
7.04
2.43
, 14.70
' 5.56
3.13
/¦--•" : Second Feet.
•:- .-¦¦> ;¦.' DATE; ¦ '¦ 1 2
; '':'_. 1300. ¦ 1901.*/
March 3............ 13.400 3S.240
March 4.. 17.000 32.«0
March. 5. 18.560 29.200
March 6 20.800. 27.800
March 7 40.160- . 21.880 >
March 8................... 23.000 24.040-
March 9.... ..:....:... 65,970 23,240
DATE.
DATE.
;1900. . 1901.
7S0 "4300
•'.;. 2348 : 4110
1548 :¦ SS2O
, 1240 i" 4110
nco : 4110
972 .3760
¦ 1C36 '¦' S440
[arch 3..........
larch • 4. i . ;
:arch" h....:
larch 6— -¦ -•;
iarch, -7.... ....*.....'.:..;..
[arch 8... :........•..........."...
larch 9.....:...^..........::....;
DATE.
(Second Feet. • :¦¦". .
_ :_.____._ Mn'fcCo. Total
I 1300. I 1301. Canal. ; 1901.
tnrch 3.......
larch 4....T.-.
(arch 5.......
[arch 6.. ....".
[arch.7.rr.;'..
!.-\rch 8....-.;.
[ar«5h 9.".r..V.
1204
2104 ~
1921
1764 '
17«4
17St
2104 '
B413 ."
; 5470 ;
6470 I
51S5
4610 I
4320 I
'- 10 '•
10
10/
.10
10
10
10
I
6423
" 5480
54S0
54S1
6195
4620
4330
DATE.
;1900. . 1901.
7S0 "4300
•'.;. 2348 : 4110
1548 :¦ SS2O
, 1240 i" 4110
nco : 4110
972 .3760
¦ 1C36 '¦' S440
[arch 3..........
larch • 4. i . ;
:arch" h....:
larch 6— -¦ -•;
iarch, -7.... ....*.....'.:..;..
[arch 8... :........•..........."...
larch 9.....:...^..........::....;
DATE.
(Second Feet. • :¦¦". .
_ :_.____._ Mn'fcCo. Total
I 1300. I 1301. Canal. ; 1901.
tnrch 3.......
larch 4....T.-.
(arch 5.......
[arch 6.. ....".
[arch.7.rr.;'..
!.-\rch 8....-.;.
[ar«5h 9.".r..V.
1204
2104 ~
1921
1764 '
17«4
17St
2104 '
B413 ."
; 5470 ;
6470 I
51S5
4610 I
4320 I
'- 10 '•
10
10/
.10
10
10
10
I
6423
" 5480
54S0
54S1
6195
4620
4330
/¦--•" : Second Feet.
•:- .-¦¦> ;¦.' DATE; ¦ '¦ 1 2
; '':'_. 1300. ¦ 1901.*/
March 3............ 13.400 3S.240
March 4.. 17.000 32.«0
March. 5. 18.560 29.200
March 6 20.800. 27.800
March 7 40.160- . 21.880 >
March 8................... 23.000 24.040-
March 9.... ..:....:... 65,970 23,240
DATE.
Last I This
21 Hours Season.
\ Last
Season.
STATIONS.
Kureka 0.03
Red Bluff.; < ....
Sacramento
San Francisco ....' ¦
Fresno ..*..,
Independence ....... .... -
Kan Luis Oblspo....
Los Angeles
San Diego...
40.65
22.84
16.58
- 18.79
10.28
6.70 I
27.62.
* 14.05
8.61
42.58
18.63
15.44
17.02
7.04
2.43
, 14.70
' 5.56
3.13
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
MARTHA Place, No. 3, off Geary, near Ma-
eon — Three sunny connecting housekeeping
rooms for rent reasonable.
MCALLISTER, 20C0, cor. Central ave.— 2 rooms
turn, for hsJcpg.; ccparate entrance; sink; $10.
1IINNA. 2S — Sunny furnished front housekeep-
ing end eingrle rooms; cheapest in the city.
MINNA, 1037— Furnished housekeeping and sin-
gle rooms, bath, gar, private family.
MISSIOX. 1427E— Sunny furnished ropms for
housekeeping: bath.
MISSION. 1604— Front bay-window rooms and
kitchen: housekeeping; no children.
OAK. 31—1 short block from. Market; front
tunny room; running Water; coal «tove and
gas.
O'FARRELL. 40SH— Two housekeeping rooms
cr more; call from 3. to 6. .
OCTAV7A. 1403. cor. Geary— Large sunny room
ar.d kitchon complete; also single for two.
SIXTH, t-41— Sunny front and back parlor for
housekeeping, tip; tingle room with stove. SS.
TAYLOR. 1132, bet. Sacramento and Clay— Two
housekeeping rooms; $10. , ¦
TWENTT-THIRD. S726. near Dolores— 2 or 3
ninny bay-window rooms; neat and clean.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH orfice for Call advertisements and
FubBcriptlons lias beea established at 1096
Valencia :st.
ROOMS TO LET Fnrn. and Unfnrn.
AnGYLn.~The (Just finished), McAllister Bt.,
opp. City Hall Park— Select parties with ref-
erences are respectfully invited to Inspect
above premises; cunny suites, with or with-
out baths: also single rooms; electric light;
elevator all n'.eht: steam heated; finest read-
inp-room in the city on lower floor; »liveried
cbllboys In attendance; every room tasty and
elegantly furnished:' moderate prices; rooms
shown in the evening. . ._ .
. ROOMS — — TO LET.
A— For rooms, apartments, housekeeping, fur-
nished, unfurnished, with or without board,
finest in city, see ELDER. ROOM RENTING
CO., 22 Kearny St., tel. 2334 Red.
&.HLBORX HOTEL, 221 Grant ave.— Best dol-
lar a day family hotel In city; polite attend-
ance; large rooms; modern- conveniences
rooms EOc up; first class meals 25c; free coach.
A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE, 14S Siith— Rooms
2.'c to SI per night; ?1 25 to S5 per week, and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
BURNETT, 1126 Market (old No. 1350— Fur-
nished nns., suites, eingle; also unfurnished.
BUSH. 10S4, near LeavenWorth— Sunny, bachelor ;
apartments to rent in bachelors' home.
FIFTH, 107— Pleasant, sunny unfurnished
rooms to let.
FRANKLIN, E27— Sunny furnished single front
room;, reasonable; suitable for gentleman.
GEARY. 1127— Newly furnished rooms; hot and
ccld water; bath: phone Kast 233.
GOLDEN GATE. 105>-Two -well furnished
rooms: single or connecting; ' private family;
free telephone. . . . . .
GRAND SOUTHERN, southeast corner Seventh
and Mission sts.— Sunny rooms, en eulte or
*6ingle; ladles' parlor; reading-room; elevator,
HOWARD, 923H— Large alcove front room, gas.
running water, two large closets.
JESSIE, 637— Sunny furnished room In private
family; gentlemen preferred, . i "t
JONES, 511 — Newly furnished sunny rooms for
gents only.
LARKIN. 707, near Ellis— Newly furnished,
sunny front room, $6, with private family.
MARKET, 1055, opp.. Jones — Furnished eunny
rooms, single or double; fcath.
MINNA. C67. corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room, SI per week; transient.
NEW ARLINGTON. 1015 Market St.— Ntcely
furnished rooms. $2 a week up; 35c a day up.
•O'FARRELL. 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator: elec. lights; day, wk., ma
O'FAEIRELL, 691— Nicely furnished room for 1
or 2 persons. '
•FOLK, 717. near Eddy— 2 furnished rooms, with
bath; rent $4 and S7. ¦ •
ROTAL House, 126 Ellis — Incandescent light;
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles* par-
lor; rooms, per night, 35c to Jl EO; week, $2 to
JS: month. $8 to $30: elevator on ground floor;
rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
RO5EDALE House, 519-321 Ellis st— Rooms,
night. 25c ta fl; week, $1 £S to %i; open night.
SHKRMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth' et..
near Market — Furnished cr unfurnished.
THE BERLIN, 23S Kearny— Elegant . suites;
single rooms; running water; transient
TURK. 613 — Two unfurnished rooms, "between
Van Ness and Polk. . ' . .
TWELFTH. HI— Comfortable sunny, room; pri-
. vate family; phone; bath; $7. ¦
VAN NESS. 1612— Elegant ninny alcove.
furnlphed. with connecting dressing room;
also large eunny room; gentlemen.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch of flee. 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st.
ROOMS AND BOARD.
AT ' the old Stevenson mansion, opp. Grace
Church, with annex £07 California st. may
be found a most exceptionally good table, at-
tractive and sightly rooms at modest rates.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
TO MILKMEN— A prominent milk ranch In
Alameda County desires to contract for the
delivery of 150 to 200 gallons r>er day. Apply
to ALBERT E. CRANE, 503 California St., 1
to 4 I>. m.
BAD tenants ejected for M: collections made:
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO..
415 Montgomery Et.. rooms 9-19; tel. E5S0.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
rortage paid. ¦ « . - :
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought sold and repairing guaran-
teed. Charles Fiambeck. 1915 Mission, nr. 15th.
ALL kinds bought, cold, rented, exchanged, re-
paired; open even.; phone Black 1124, 205 4th.
BOUGHT, eold, rented, repaired ; needles and
shuttles: reduced rates. 145 6tli: phone Mint 5.
SHOW CARDS AND POSTEQS.
SHOW cards, window tickets, posters. DEf-
MON'D 1170 Market, r. IPS, phone Foinom 1S»>.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co..
office. Post and Powell sts.; tel. Main E713.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany, 2320 Fillmore st.; phone Jackson 2?L .
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse. 840 Mis-
sion st: tel. Mint 152L F. \7. ZEHFUSS.
BEKIKS Van and Storage Co., 722 Mission St.;
tel. Main 1840;- Fhipplng at cut rates.
TRrgSES. - '¦ ' __
MAN L! K A* R : ela*tlc Etock1r.es. shoulder brace*.
rupporter» made, repaired. Menge. 503 Kearny.
Typewriters axd~supplies.
GREAT BARGAINS IN TTPEWRIT^lRS^We
sell better mcahlnes for less money than any
house in the city; rentals, J3. The Typewriter
Exchanc-p. K38 California: telephone Main 266.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND notice — Dividend No. 89 (twenty-
five cents per Ehare) of the Hutchinson Su-
gar Plantation Co. will be payable at the
office of the company, 327 Market st, on and
after WEDNESDAY.' March' 20. 1901., Trans-
fer books close on Thursday. March 14. 1901.
at 2 o'clock p. m.
Q. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
PROPOSALS for box lockers. — Depot Quarter-
master's Office, 28 .New Montgomery st, San
Francisco, Cal., March 4, 1S01.— Sealed pro-
posals. In triplicate, will be recelvel at this
office until 11 o'clock a. m.. • March 20. 1901.
Pacific Standard time, and then opened, for
furnishing box lockers. Preference will be
given to articles of domestic production and
manufacture, conditions of price and qua!*
lty being equal (Including in the price
of foreign production and manufacture
the duty thereon), and such preference
will be given to ' articles of American j
• production and manufacture produced on
the Pacific Coast, to the extent of the con-
sumption inquired by the public service there.
' The United States reserves the right to ac-
cept or reject any or all proposals or any
part thereof. Information and blanks for
proposals will be furnished on application.
Envelopes containing proposals will b» In-
dorsed: "Proposals No. 1945" and addressed
to MAJOR OSCAR F. LONG. Quartermaster,
U. S. Army, Depot Quartermaster. •
PROPOSALS for subsistence supplles.-Offlce
Purchasing Commissary. San Francisco,' Cal.,
March 7, 1301.— Sealed nroposals for furnishing
and delivering of such quantities of subsist-
ence supplies, delivered at such wharf or
wharves or such warehouses In San Francisco,
Cal.. as per circular to be Ee»n at this office,
will be received here until 11 •<> "lock a., m.,
TITESDAT, March 15. 1901. and opened lirnne-
- dlatcly thereafter In presence of bidders. Spe-
cifications, general Instructions to bidders and
blank form of proposals will be furnished to
established dealers on application, to W. H.
BALDWIN, Major and C. S., U. S. Army,
: Purchasing Commissary. . ;
PERSONALS Continued.
SCHOOL to learn ha5rdr*EE!np. hair wcrk, man-
icurins: private Jessons or class. MISS A. V.
DOYLE. 1704 Market, bet. Polk and Van Ness.
PRIVATE cetective work; reasonable rates; 10
years' cxrerier.cg. J. B. HAY. SS7 Jessie Bt.
UHRING «tylc« Standard patterns now ready.
••Donwstic" c^.ce. 10^1 Market el, nr. Slxlh.
MASQUERADE costurit*. play books, wigs;
country orders. OOLDETEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
GOOD heme op*n for Uralthy boy or girl baby.
Mrs. £>r. Funke. 1415 Eighth St.. Alameda.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
electric needle. MISS EATON. 1119 Sutter st.
DO. LAMGTTE'S French Corn Paint, the best
ocra cure; lie; all druggists.
ALFKEDUMS Errptlan Henna: restores gray
hr.ir in its rr.mral cir.r: »l; at nil druggists.
JPUVSICIAXS AAD SURGEONS.
DR. C. C. O'D6N^TC^n^e~a^d~reSd~t^ee]
iCa*j Market Et.. between Sixth and Seventh.
J>R- WONG HIM. herb doctor, successfully
treats all diseases cr the human body; sea
testimonials at offlop. 115-117 Mason, nr. Ellis.
HEAL ESTATI2 CITV— *"OR SALE.
ALL GENUINE BARGAINS IN THIS LIST.
Apply A. M. SPECK & CO.. CC7 Market st.
£2100— Four Email Cits; all rented tor ?33; half
cash.
SSIJ-Two eplendid flats; rented $23: near
Sixth.
J2S00 — Sacramento Bt., eart of Powell; rents
tZS net; one tenant 12 years.
J3250— Two s'.ce flats, 6 rooms each; haif-
block from Market et.
53500— Three nice flats; all rented; near Nine-
teenth end IMsfion cts. ; pays 10 per cent.
{5500 — Corner; 4,0x90. with trood 10-rooin house;
Hyde et.
17500— Lerkln et., C&ts, sear Gutter; annual
rent $700.
IT500 — Foar brand new Cats, east of Van Neea
ave. ; all rented $72.
$9500— Business prcperty; Ninth «t., near Mis-
sion; rents $45.
tll.OO^— jlascn-Et. ccrner; reduced from tU.-
O00: lot E2x£I feet, and improvements; must sell.
til.000— Etore and two strictly modem flats of
7 and S rooms; north cf Market 6t. :
J12.50»— Leavenwcrth. st. ; rents $105; lot £5-
loot front.
tl4.0CO— Three elegant Cats; rented for $140;
eweil locality.
CS.OOfr- Near Howard and Third ets.; rents
J200; bank tncrtgaje KD.000; lot 4Sxl60.
J2S.0OO— Business property of 4 stores aad^S
flate; rents S250: lot 7Ex?0 feet.
$38,000— Mission-st. comer; 170x160; actually
worth $55,000; must «ell et once.
$40.000— Comer; Golden Gate ave.; 137:6x137:6;
rents C49.
$55.0C&— Grand corner; 6»-foot front; few
blocks Orpheum; rays 6 per cent net.
$75.000— Grand corner: CO-foot front; within
block of Tlvcli; ol 3 improvements; rents $400.
Other bargains.
Apply A. M. SPECK & CO.. 6G7 Market St.
$1600 EACH: best bargain e\-er offered; two
<JwelUrg houses Just finished: 1518 Masonic
o.ve.. 3 block* 6cuth o? Haisht Bt. ; S rooms
and bath, with all modern improvements; city
¦Ad marine view. Apply on premises.
SHOTWELL St.; 7-room house; J2D00. THE
McCARTHT CO.. €46 Market st.
fit — HOUSE of 7 rooms and bath. 1166 Fif-
teenth et., 2 Mocks from Twenty-third-ave.
station. East Oakland.
tll<»— LOT; west line of Seventh ave.. between
Clement tt. and Point Lobos ave.; 27Vixl20
feet. Address bcx IC05. Call office.
J4SC0— PACIFIC Heights lot: Broadway; north
elde. THE MCCARTHY <-Q.. 646 Market St.
FOR the best located lots in Richmond and the
cheapest call en W. J. Gum, £30 California.
MODERN" house; 9 rooms, near Park; 2 car
lines: bargain; part ca-th; no agents. Owner,
box 246S, CalK _•
MODERN* cottages ar.d fiats built: reasonable;
plans furnished. GEORGE M. SALSBURY,
builder; effice i:£2 Market Bt.
IF vcu !:»ve lots to sell north of the Park.
then call en W. J. GUNN. £3n California at.
REAL INSTATE COUNTRY — For Sale
GRAZING cr dairy land to lease, 2S0 acres,
with large outside range. In Humholdt County,
Cal.. Icr terra of years; plenty wood and
water. M. B. JAGER. 110 Taylor *t.. S. F.
AN exceptionally charming, hiRhly improved
end fully equipped SO-acre foothill ranch, 6
ir.ll-** by level road from Napa: only $1S59. N.
P. SICKELS— the— LAND .AGENT. 6 Geary.
ML QROTTX. 71S Market st.. by Call bldg:.
Printed lists; city and country property
for sale and exchange. Piease call.
CHICKEN ranch for pale; fully equipped: city
outskirts; pood rlace for hop?: piece for sale
or rent. C. WILMOT. Columbian bulldine.
AT J3& per acre; chni-tet level orchard and
pruln land in ?tate: adjoins R.U. ; easy terms.
Cai. Farm Land Askts.. C1C Examiner bldjr. ,
IVUITH J. W. HORN. M2 Main, rtulama. for
free ccpy cf Pononi Co. real estate bargains.
A WEEK'S news for & cents— The Weekly Call.
It, nac"s. ',n u-raT>r*T. for Trailing. $1 per year.
REALTY TO !»CHA.\GG.
TO make 'cuick exchange of your property or
business write particulars of tame and en-
close stamp for mv pxchance catalogue.
G. W. SCHWEIXHARD,
No. 81? Market et., opp. Mason.
JN exchange for S. F. property, a lovely home
in beautlru! Berkeley, near the hills; hou^e
of 9 roenre: in thoiough order: lot 150x145.
Apply to JOS. J. MASON. F.eal Estate, ad-
joining Postofflce, Berkeley.
J10.«00— UNENCUMBERED brick building, all
rented, for dry goods or »r>"neral merchan-
<t!»e. Address Owner, box 220:. Call. Oakland;
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
FTXE barcaln In Berkeley— Large 2-story mod-
ern koo«e of 10 rooms in the most desirable
part cf Berkeley; close to the new campus;
Just the place for any one desiring to rent
out' rooms *, € bedrooms and back parlor can
all be uised aa sleeping- rooms; reduced from
$4500 to J3900 for immediate R&le. This house
can be ma/le to pay for itself. JAS. S. XAI-
EJIITH. 452 Ninth et.. Oakland.
JW— FTNE ccrner lot on Grove Bt., near new
hlch echool; a Bnap.
1550— A bargain for cash; lot 40x119; on
Chattuck ave.. near depot.
tlLCOO— For the finest finished house In
totm. Come and tee us. MAT & MORTI-
MER. Berkeley Station.
HAYWARDS RBAL ESTATE.
J2S00-BARGAIN! Fln«~home In Haywards!
Modern cottage, E roonu and basement; barn,
mill und tank: 1 1-19 acres all In choice fruit:
fine rtew; cost $4000. Address C PBOWSE,
Uaywards, Cal. »
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS;
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKXAJTO IIEA.L ESTATE.
1^25— LOT in Lorin; S00 ft. from station on
Berkeley local, giving: a half-hour eenice to
San Francisco same time to city as from 7th
and Broadway. Oakland; this lot must be
gold. A. J. SNTDER, 467 Xlnth et-. OaJtland.
$6000— A MAGNIFICENT home on- Telegraph
ave.; S room* and bath; modern; lot 60x125.
A. J. SNYDER, 4C7 Ninth et.. Oakland. Cat.
EAST OAKLAND — Good large corner lot and
7-room house will be eold for $150 over the
rncrtga^e; party has other property that he
wants to occupy azA does not desire to rent;
lot it £.5x250; cood «table; mortjrage of $2S'J0
•>.t S p<*r cent can remain on the property;
thiK makes a very cheap rent: only J16 €7 per
month. JAMES S. NAISMITH, 4S2 Ninth St.
FOR SALE— House and lot, East Oakland; no
reasonable offer refused. Owner. J. L. WAL-
TER, €3 South Spring Et.. Los Angeles.
LOT 3 tn p?at G. Piedmont Park. «.¦ a whole
or In part to suit. ALFRED J. KELLEHER,
V.H Clay ft.. S. F. j
OAKLAND FLATS TO LET.
ABOUT completed— €-room flats, entirely mod-
ern; S blocks from railroad station la choice
residence section. $2!) to $27 E0 per month.
HKRON JSc HOLCOMB. 1060 Broadway.
OAKLAND FLKMTLKE FOR SALE."
AN Introduction to you from H. Schellhaa*. th»
furniture gea-ler. 11th and franklin. Oakland.
fryitrrrALE jnrayiiHEp houses.
FURNISHED house to Jet In Fruitvale. In-
quire at CSS Ragrararntc «t. :
BOOSIS FOB IIOUSEKEKl'I.NG.
BA1JTLETT. <14— 3 sunny connecting unfar-
nltbed housekeeping roomg; gink and bath.
FELL, 278, near Octavla— A nice cunny bay-
window front room, suitable for two Gentle-
men or can arrange housekeeping rooms.
CtTER.RC:nO, 205— Furnished bedroom and par-
lor: piano: use of kitchen and bath: $14.
HO WARD, 1705— Nice eur.ny bay-window room;
also eincle one fcr ftimsekeeplnj.
LAGVNA. ssas. near Union— 4 furnished houae-
kee-iir.g rooms to 2: no children: $12.
LA.RKTN. :iS-Sunny furnished housekeeping
ruite. r.2: single room. SI. '
J-EAVESTWORTH. 222— One large front «unny
room for fco-js'-kocpln*. $12.
? LEGAL ADVERTISEMENTS.^ :• *.
•«-~— — - ~.— — w -w .^ Jw- .¦ ~~~ y — - ~~~—
IN the Superior Court cf the City and County
of San Francisco, State of California— In the
1 matter of Honolulu Sugar Company, a cor-
poration, upon Us application for a Judgment
of dissolutioa Notice.— No. 75,397. Dept. 10.
Notice -Is hereby given , that Honolulu Sugar
Company, a corporation organized and exist-
ing under and by virtue of the laws ot the
State of California, and having its office and
place of business, in the city and. county of
San Francisco, State of California, has filed
Its application, "duly verified and signed by- a.
majority of its board of directors, addressed
, to the Superior Court of the city and county
of San Francisco, State of California, pray-
ing for a Judgment of dissolution of said
corporation: nnd that Monday. March 25th.
1001. at 10 o'clock a. m., tit the courtroom Of
paid court. Department No." 10, In the City
Hall of the city and. county of San Fran-
cisco, have been appointed as the day, time
and place for the hearing of tarid application.
In witness ' whereof I have hereunto -eet my
hand and affixed the official seal of Bald Su-
perior Court, this 20th day of February. 1301.
rSeal] WM. A. DEANB. Clerk.
By E. M. THOMPSON. Deputy Clerk. (In-
dorsed.) Filed Feb. 20. 1901. WM. A. DEANE.
Clerk, by E. M. THOMPSON. Deputy Clerk.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS, •
¦ Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be Inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be ;
Indorsed with the name nnd residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BOEN.
GUERRERO— In this city, February 26, 1901, to
¦the wife of Patrick Guerrero, a daughter.
MUELLER— In this city, March 13, 1S0L to the
wife of Rudolph Mueller, a daughter.
. married7 ¦ ¦ < .'
HALE— McLEAN— In this city, March 17. 1901.
by the Rev. Dr. John A. B. Wilson, George
S. Hale and Lucy F. McLean, both of San
Francisco. .* v
JANES-HOWELL— In this city, March 14,
¦1901. by the Rev. John HemDhlH, Louis Ly-
: man Janes of Mill Valley and Flora Howell
of this city. • ;
Allen. Lena - . Massie, Mary
Avery. James O. Maynard, Mary E.
Banahan. Alice Mlerson,' Emma
Cottrell, Mrs. Mary J. Miller. Henry R.
Donavon. Daniel J. > Olofson, Ethel P. ¦
Doyle, Michael J.: - " Pohl. Anna : ¦"
Egan. Margaret Shea, Catherine
Fenellus, Frank B. " Shultze, Katie
G1UI way, John G. • Stenzel. Amelia
Green, Christopher Terry, George W.
. Hauer, Sophia Tobln, Vincent C. !
Herlltz. Emily M. Thomas. William J.
Hufschmldt. Fred- Wagner, Lelar.d S.
erick Well, Lehman
Macdonald. Theresa
ALLEN— In this city. March 16. 1901. Lena,
beloved -wife of Arthur J. Allen, daughter of
Dr. R. W. Murphy, and sister of Mrs. W. H.
Greenhalgh, Dr. R..W. Murphy Jr. and Graca
Murphy, a native of California. (English
papers please copy.) ... ", y
E7"The funeral will take place this da*y
, (Monday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 3830 Sacramento street. Interment pri-
vate. Please omit flowers.
AVERT— In this city. March 17. 1901. James O.
Avery, dearly beloved husband of Mollle
Coppage Avery, and beloved father of Louise
and Eunice Avery, and brother of Sarah A.
Eckman.
BANAHAN— In this city. March 17. 1901. Alice
Banahan. beloved Bister of Patrick an<l
Henry Banahan and Mrs. William Hammonl
of Alameda, a native of County Leitrlm, Ire-
land, asred 68 years.
• GTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 113 Perry street.' thence to St. Rose's
Church, where a 'requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the repose of , her soul, at 9
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
COTTRELL— In Oakland, March 17, 1901, Mrs.
Mary J. Cottrell, beloved mother of Made-
leine, Mellifiuers, Grace. and Lindsly Conner,
and sister of Mrs. T. J. .Welch and Matthew
and James I. O'Brien, a native of Albany,
N. T.
E7"The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late resl-
• dence, 770 Fourteenth street, Oakland, thence
to the Church of the Immaculate Conception,
where a solemn requiem raara will be cele-
brated for the repose ¦ of her soul, commen-
cing at 10 o'clock. Interment strictly pri-
vate.. No flowers. .¦ .
DONAVON— In this city, March 17, 1S01. Daniel
J., dearly beloved son of Daniel J. and Mag-
gie A. Donavon, and brother of Gertrude,
Hugh and Josephine Donavon and Sister- De
¦ La Salle of the sisters of the Holy Family.
and grandson of Hugh and Bridget Molloy
and Michael and the late Mary Donavon, a
native of San Francisco, aged 16 years 3
. months and 26 days.
inyThe funeral will be held to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the residence
of his parents,. 47 Hill street, thence to St.
James Church, Twenty-third and Guerrero
streets, where a requiem mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of his soul, commencing
at » o'clock. Friends and .- acquaintances are
• Invited to attend. ' Interment . Hoiy Cross
Cemetery by electric funeral car from Twen-
ty-third and Guerrero streets. Please omit
flowers. ¦
DOYLE— In this city, March 16. 1901, Michael
J. Doyle, beloved brother of Mrs. Lizzie Cof-.
fey, Mrs. J. ' Noonan. Mrs. J. E. Russell,
Mrs. Mary Ring and Thomas P., John, D. E.
and Joseph «P. Doyle, a native or Tuolumnj
County, aged 81 years and 10 months. (Tu-
olumne papers please copy.)
ICyFrlends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral this day (Monday), at
1 o'clock, from the parlors of Halisted & Co .
946 Mission- street. Interment private, in Holy
Cross Cemetery. ¦ ¦ ? - I
EGAN— In this city, March 16, 1901, Margaret
Egan. beloved wife of the late^Edward Egan,
and beloved mother of Edward J. Egan, a
. native of New York City, aged 75 years and
9 months. ¦ .
FEXELIUS- In this city, March 13. 1901, Frank
. Benjamin, beloved son of Otto and Christine
Fenellus, and brother of Adolp. Alfred and
Edward Fenellus, Mrs. A. A. Herrgott an-.l
Mrs. C. J. Lowe, a native of San Francisco,
aged 13 years 4 months and 23 day's.
ICJTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 1 o'clock, from 2983 Twenty-
.firrt street, between Folsom and- Harrison.
: Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
GILLIWAY— In this city, March ' 16. -1901, John
G. GilUway, beloved brother of Mrs. J. F.
Sullivan, a. native of Londonderry, Ireland,
: (Bostcn, Mass., papers please copy.)
IC7"Friends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral this day (Monday), at 9
o'clock, from his late residence. 613 Post,
stre et,- thence to St. Mary's Cathedral, where
a solemn requiem mass will be. celebrated for
the repose of his 4oui, commencing at 9:S0
o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
GREEN— Entered . into rest at 1301 Eighth
street. Oakland. March 17, j 1801, Christopher,
beloved husband of Alice Green, and father
of C. H. Green and Mrs. F. J. Sime. Mrs.
M. Detels, Mrs. Joseph Martin and Mrs.
Herbert Fishbeek. aged 70 years 2 months
and 17 days. (Sacramento papers please
copy.)
C7Notlce of funeral hereafter. ,
HAUER— In Fitchburg, Cal.. March 17. 1901,
Sophia, "beloved wife of Fred W. Hauer, a
native of Flensburg, Germany, aged 62 years
8 months and £3 days.
IC7Ftien.ds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend funeral services to-
morrow (Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, at her late
residence. Henry and Warren streets. Fitch-
burg. Cal. Interment Mountain View Ceme-
tery.
HERL1TZ— In this city, March 17. 1901, Emily
Maud,- beloved wife of Robert Herlitz, mother
of Newton. Myrtle. Vivian, Dorcas and Lyle
- nerlitz, and daughter of Ann and the late
James McGrath. a native of Sacramento.
Cal.
CTRemains at the parlors of McAvoy &
Co., 1239 Market street, between Eighth and
- Ninth. Notice of funeral hereafter.
HUFSCHMIDT-ln this city.. March " 16. 1901."
Frederick Hufschmldt, beloved husband of
Loulea Hufschmldt. and father of Henry,
George, Charles, Minnie and Louisa Huf-
schmldt, a native of Germany, aged 62 year?"
4 months and 16 days. - . ' ¦ . .
C7"Funeral this day (Monday), at 12:30
o'clock, from his late residence, 823 Post
Btreet. Funeral strictly private. Please omit
flowers. '- VI' . • ¦ - "¦¦¦ ¦
MACDONALD— In this , city, March 17, . 1901,
Theresa, beloved wife of the late Jerome E.
Macdonald, and mother of Stella Macdonald,
a native of Prince Edward Isles, aged 69
years B'months and 4 days. (Prince Edward
Isles papers please copy.)
tr^Trlends and acquaintances are respect-'
fully inrited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1110 Scott street, thence to Holy Cross
Church, Eddy street, where a requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Kindly omit
flowers. Interment private, Holy Cross Ceme-
¦ tery. ¦ ¦ ' ' • ' ¦•-¦-¦• ¦¦ .•¦¦-.-<¦•
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
(Successor to Flannagan & Gallagher.)
I DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
£0 Fifth st, opposite Lincoln School.
»'y ;-. Telephone South £0.. '
MoflVOY & CO., i
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMERS. I
1239 Market st. between 8th and 9th. .1
Telephone' South * 247. ; ' ; |
Eugene McGinn. • McGINN'BROS.
Funeral Directors and Kmbalmers. '
31 EDDY STREET. - '
Telephone South 252. . > San Francisco.
. No Connection With Any Other House. ¦
TO WHOM IT MAY CONCERN.
i The undertaking business of, the late' CHAS
J. B. METZLER will hereafter be conducted
under the same firm name of CHAS. J. n
METZLER,- at 636 Washington- st.,' San Fran-
cisco, by H. METZLER; proprietor. :-
San .Francisco, . Cal . . , March 11, ' 1901. •
MARCH 11. 19C1-I have this day eold my in-
terest In the undertaking business of CHAS.
J. ¦' B. METZLER to H. METZLER. and am
not' responsible - for any. outstanding debts
CHAS. L. METZLER. ' j
MASSIE— In this city. March 15," 1901, Mary
Massle, beloved daughter of Mrs. C. McBrlde.
a native of County Antrim, Ireland, aged 40
years 1 month and 13 days. ' .
1 {E7"Frlends and acquaintances are reepect-
5 fully Invited \o attend the funeral, thia day
(Monday), at 9. o'clock,* from the -residence
of her brother, A. S.McBride, 1423 Sanchez
street, thence to St. Paul's Church, where a
BOlemn ' reauiem ¦ mass - will : be celebrated f or-
" : the repose of her soul, commenclnE at 9:30
' o'clock.- Interment Holy 'Cross Cemetery. - ¦
MAYNARD^Ih Tacoma, March 13, 19011 Man*
;Eleanor, widow of the late La Fayette May-
nard.-" ' ¦" ¦¦.-•': •--.-;. ~~ • ¦ .- •--.. ¦- , ,-
¦ , inyinterment at Laurel Hill Cemetery at 3
o'clock this day (Monday).
MIERSON— In', .this " city, March 17, 1801,
Emma, beloved ; wife of Augustus Mlerson,
and dearly • beloved ¦ mother - of v Bernhard,
Max, Sol, James and Millie 'Mlerson and the
late Mrs. E.'.Bloch, *and sister of Mrs. I.
Levy, Godfrey Jewell and the - late Raphael
Jewell, a native of London, England," aged 70
years and 9 • months. . (PlacervlUe papers
please copy.) . , .
C?"Friend'9 and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow.
(Tuesday), at 9:45 o'clock, from the residence
of her brother. : Godfrey - Jewell. 601 Broder-
ick street, corner of Grove. Interment Home
.of Peace Cemetery by 11:30 • o'clock train
from Third* and Townsend streets. - "
MILLER— In Oakland,: March 17, 1901. Henry
R. Miller, husband of Elizabeth L. Miller,
and father "Of Harry H. and ' Bernard P. ; Mil-
ler, a native of New -York; State, axed 55-
years. •"' "0 ¦<¦ ' . ' -' . . , ¦ . •¦ ' .- - -
ICTKotlee ' of funeral hereafter. ' • '-*
OLOFSON— In Oakland,. March 17,- 190L ' Ethel
Petree, beloved dauehter ot Oscar and
Chrlstlnla Olofson, and sister.' 'of William.
Vesta and Arthur Olofson, a native of San
Francisco, aged 11 months and 24 days.
POHLr— In this city, March 17, 1901, Anna, re-
lict of the late Henry Pohl, and mother of
Henry K. Pohl. and elster of-J. Trittenbach.
a native of Canton Zurich, Switzerland, aged
73 years and 14 days. ¦ .-
' ITS' Friends * and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend. the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock; from " the • parlors of
H. F. Suhr. & Co., 1137 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth. [ Interment Odd
Fellows' Cemetery. - * ...
SHEA— In this city, March 18, 1901, Catherine,
relict of the late Patrick Shea,' and mother
of Daniel. Patrick and. Michael Shea, Mrs.
D. Daly, Mrs. J.-Kenelly and the late James,
' John and Cornelius Shea,- a native of New-
market, County Cork, -Ireland, aged 60 years
6 months and 26 days.
inyFrlends nnd acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral -this day
(Monday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. Fourteenth avenue . and R street,
thence to All Hallows' Church, . where a re-
quiem hish | mass . will - be celebrated for the
repose of her soul at 10 o'clocU. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery.
SHULTZE— In this city, March 16, 190L Katie,
beloved mother of , Harry Shultze and Mrs.
G. Bersrer. and sister , of M. S. Heusler, a
native of Denver, Colo., aged 1 41 years.
(ETIntennent : private. : - •
STENZEL— In- San ; Lorenzo. Cal.. March 16,
1901. -Amelia, beloved mother of Fritz, Henry
and Charles J. Stenzel, a native of Germany,
aged 64 years 6 months and 6 days.
(E^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend funeral services to-
morrow (Tuesday), at 1 o'clock, from late
residence at San Lorenzo.
TERRY— In this city, March 17, 1901, George
W. Terry, dearly beloved husband of Emily
C. Terry, and loving father of Hazel A. and
Detlef E. Terry, and stepfather of Henry C.
Hudson, ¦ a native of" Santa Clara, Santa
Clara County, Cal., aged 47 years 9 months
and 2 days.
• (ETNotlce of funeral hereafter. . Please omit
flowers. • ' . : ¦
TOBIX— In this city, March 17, 1901. Vincent
C, son of J. J. and the late Elizabeth M.
Tobln, and brother of Walter J. and the late
Henry A. Tobin.
E7"The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the residence
of his sister. Mrs. J. G. Leibert. 1118% Fell
street, thence to Sacred Heart Church, where
a reauiem mass will be celebrated for the
repose of his soul, commencing at 9 o'clock.
THOMAS— In this city. March 15, 1901, Wil-
liam James, dearly beloved husband of Ma-
mie E. Thomas.' dearly beloved father of
Marlon Thomas, son r of James and the lat<«
Katie Thomas, and brother of Katie and
John Thomas, a native of California, aged
¦ 27 years 11 months and 2 days.
(?^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 9 o'clock, from St. Patrick's
Church, where services ¦will be -held. Remains
at the parlors of the California Undertaking
.Company, 405 Powell street, near Post. In-
terment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
WAGNER— In this city, Leland S. Wagner, a
native of San Francisco, aged 21 years.
WEIL— In this city, March J7, 1901, Lehman
Well, beloved husband of Sarah Well, and
father of Mrs. J. C. Ardery. . Mark Well and
Mrs. C. Solomon, Mrs. L. Hexter. Mrs. Her-
mann Eberhard and Mrs. A. H. Sewell, a
native of Germany, aged 73 years 11 months
and 20 days. (Virginia City papers please
copy.)
C?"Notlce of funeral hereafter. -.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
\ " - . : Steamers ¦:¦ leave . Broadway
to*; . wharf, San- Francisco: ,
iSBfc^,. For Alaskan Ports— 11 a. m..
Cp^aii . March ; 17. 22. 27. -April L
Change to company's steamers
fea^^l^^ For Victoria, Vancouver (R
laiSi^Clii -•). Port Townsend. Seattle.
t^^mSfxSSa ¦ Tacoma.. , Kverett. ..'•. Anacortes
¦• "Whatcom ¦ (Wash.) —
'- .- a. m.'. March 17. -£2. 27.
April J, and every fifth day. thereafter. Change
at Seattle for ¦'• thte '- company** steamers for
Alaska and G.'N. Ry.; at Seattle or Taronu
. to N. P. Ry. ; at Vancouver lr> C P. Ry
! For Eureka. Humholdt Bay— 2 p. m.. March
19. 24. 23. April 3. and every fifth day there-
Rfter. • ¦
For San Dleso. stopplnu only at Santa Bar-
bara, Port Los Angelsa and Redondo (Los An-
geles)— Steamer Queen. Wednesdays. 9 a. m. :
steamer Santa Rosa, Sundays. 9 a. m.
For Santa Cruz, i Monterey, San Simeon. Cay-
ucas. Port Harford Oan Lula Obispo). Gaviota.
; Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme. San Pedro.
East San Pedro ( Los Angles) and Newport-
Steamer Corona. Fridays, 9 a. m.; steamer Bo-
nlta. Tuesdays. 9 a. m.
For Ensenada. Majrdalena Bay, San Joae d*l
Caho. Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosalta
and Guaymas (Mex.)— 10 a. m.. tth each month.
For further. Information obtain company's
folders. ,- .¦ .; •¦ .
The company reserves the right to chanfee
steamers, saillne; dates and hours cf sailing
without previous notice. ! .
TICKET OFFICE— 4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hntel).
GOODALL,. PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agts..
•; 10 Market St.. San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & R. CO,
XJISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
From Bpear-street Wharf at 11 a. m.
CADC * 12 First Class including Berts
r u n~ $3 Second Clas* and Meals.
COLUMBIA sails..:... Mar. 24. Apr. 3
GT5O. W. ELDER SiHl3......Mar. 19. 29. Apr. 8
Short Line to Walla Walla. Spokane. Butte,
Helena and all/ po'nts ' In the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD. General Arent.
1 Montgomery st. -
AMERICAN LINE.
KEW TOHX. BCtrTHAXPTOH. LCND1S. PA3IX
¦ Stopping at Cherbour*. westbound.
From New York Every Wednesday at 10 a. m.
Vaderland Mar. 27jVaderland Aprtl 17
St. Louis.. April 31 St. Louis April 24
New Tork ApriHO'New York May 1
RED STAR LINE.
N«w York and Antwarn. .
From New Tork Every Wednesday. 12 noon.
Noordland ......Mar. 27lWesternland ...April 17
Friesland ..7... April 3 Kensintrton ....April 24
Southwark April 101 Zeeland .....May 1
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
CHAS. T>. TAYLOR. General -A*ent. .
Pacific Coast. 30 Montgomery st.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo), Nagasaki and. Shanghai, and
connecting . at Hongkong wifh steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on day
cf sailing. .
SS. AMERICA MARU... Friday. March 15. Mfll
PS. HONGKONG MARU..Tnesflay, April 9. 1901
SS. NIPPON MARU. ........Friday. May 3. 1901
Ro«nd-tHp tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office,
421 Market street, corner First. -
¦>,-vs., W. H. AVERY. General Agent
AAA9nlA ft €f 4* A HAWAII, SAUOA, NEQ
9ceaBic8.s.€o. ss&gsg
SB AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti
Thursday, March 21, 2 p. m.
SS. SONOMA, for Honolulu, Samoa. New
Zealand and Australia ."
Wednesday, March 27. 9 d. m.
BS. MAr\IPOSA (Honolulu only)
Saturday, April 6. 2 p. m.
I D.SPREGXELS & BRQS.CQ., Genera! Agents. 321 Market St
Sen'l Passenger Ofe, 643 Market St., to k I PzcilS: St
- PANAMA R, ¦R.:SSS
To NEW YORK via PANAMA Direct
- - Cabin. 81OG: Steerare, «4O.
S. S. Argyll sails Saturday, Mar. 23.
S. S. Roanoke sails Tuesday/April 2. |
S. S. ¦ sails Tuesday, April 18.
From -wharf, foot of Lombard st.. at 2 p. m.
Freight and passenger office, 330 Market st
F. F. CONXOR, Pacific Coast Agent.
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION CO. AND
C0MPANIA SCO AMERICANA DS VAPQ3S3
! Tft Valparaiso*, stopping at Mexican, Central
and South American ports. Sailing:
i SS. ¦ TCCAPEL ¦ : -March 21, 1901
i SS. AREQUIPA '. April 4. 1301
! SS. LIMARI ...V.... ;..;.....;.'.... :. April 17. 1301
i SS. PERU ............................April—, 1901
At 12 m. from Section 2. Seawall.
These steamers are built expressly for Cen-
i tral and South American passenger service.
i (No change at Acapulco or Panama.) Freight
i and passenger office, 316 California street.
BALFOUR. GUTHRIB &, CO.. Agents.
I i ¦ , , ,
COMPAGNIE GENERAL3 TKANSATLANTIQUS.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. Jtjnfo
Sailing every Thursday, instead of rfX'jTrt
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from Pier 42. t *» !t **»
North River, foot of Morton, street. Flrst-clasa :
i to Havre, $55 and upward. Second class to ¦
Havre. $45 and upward." GENERAL AGENCY
FOR UNITED STATES and CANAIM. 32
Broadway (Hudson building). New York. J.
' F FUOAZI & CO., Pacific Coast .Agents. 5
Montgomery avenue. San Francisco. Tickets
sold by all Railroad Ticket Asrents- ¦ .
BAY AND KIVEB STEAMERS.
AND VALLEJoT
* Stei«*ner
MON., Tues., Wed..' Thurs. and Sat. at 9:45
a. m., 3:35, 8:30 p. m. (ex.. Thursday nlttht); Fri-
days, 1 p. m. and S:XO; Sundays. 10:30 a. m.. S
p. m. Landing and office. Mission-street Dock.
Pier No. 2. Telephone Main 15C8.
EAILWAY TEAVEL
Santa Fe _ :
Trains-Daily.
1 Leave Market-Street Ferry Depot. ;
Local Llm'd Ovrl"d ' Local
Dally. Dally- Dally. Dally.
Lv. Sari Fran 7:20 a' 9:00 a 8:00 p 4:tO p
Ar. Stockton. 10:25 « 11:45 a 11:05 p 7:25 p [
"Merced .. 12:25 p 1:17 p 1:15 a i
•' "Fresno .. 2:20 p 2:35 p 3:05 a
" Hanford 4:22 p 3:27 p 7:06 a
" Vlsalia . 4:10 p 4:10 p 4:43 a
•• . Tulare .- 4:27 p 4:S7 p 5.-05 a
•'Bksfleld 6:50 p 6:20 p 7:30 a ....v...
" -Kan. Cty 2:41a 7:*>a ....„„
"Chicago ......;.. 2:15 p 9:00 p ........
afor morning, p for afternoon. ' ' ,,
1 . 9:C0 a. m. train 1.1 the California Limited.
- CarrylnB Palace sleeping Cars and Dinlns
Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car runs
to Bakersfleld. for accommodation of local
"first class passengers. No second class :
tickets are honored on this train. Cor- i
responding train arrives at 5:55 p. m. daily. !
. 4:20 p. in. ia Stockton Local. Correspond- ,
tng train arrives at 11:05 a. m. daily.
8:00 p. m. Is the Overland Express, with
through Palace and Tourist Sleeper: and
free Reclining Chair Car. also Palace
' Sleeper. • which cuts out at Fresno. Corre-
sponding train arrives at 6:55 p.m. Tally. t
7:W a. • m. is Bakersfleld Local, stopping !
at all points In San Joaquln Valley. Coire- i
epondlng train arrives at 8:40 a. m. dally. !
Offices— 641 Market street and In Ferry :
'Depot. San Francisco; HIS Broadway, Oak- I
¦land..: ¦¦ ¦-'-:.
HORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
YW» SautallU F«rry.
Commencins September 30. 13C0.
F™OM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL. VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL.
¦WEEK- DAYS— «:i». *9:15. 11:00 a. m.. 'iriS.
3:15, 4:00. B:lV*6:i5, 6U0 p. K.
KXTRA TRIPS-For Mil! Valley and San
Rafael on Mondays. Wednesdays and Satur-
days at 9:60 and 11:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— «S:CO. •19:00. ¦ ni:30 a.m.. *l:la.
3:15, »4:45, 6:S0, 3:CO p. m. •-¦-« -
Trains marked <•) run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL- TO < SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 5:20. «a:SO. 7:15, !»^0 a. m.
•1J:3O. 1:45.- *J:30. ¦ 4:3). 5:20 D. m. "••' .:i
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:45 and*l0:20 p. m. ""
- SUNDAYS— (1:20. •SrOO. »IO:00. *ll:45 a. m.
•1:40. naS. -4:43. '6:30 D.m. ' -
Trains marked <•) start from San Quenttn.
FROM MILL VALLRT TO SAN FRANCISCO.
. WEEK ¦ DAYS— 5:4$. ' 6:43. 7:53. 8 JO a. m.,
12:35, 2:10.' 3:30. 4 :S4. 6:2» p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesday*
and 'Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:05. 10:05 a. m.. 12:65. 2:13. 3:30.-
8:00. ,«:45 i>. m. , r
.THROITGH TRAINS.
: ? 8:53 a. ' m. week- flays— Cazadero and way
statluns. i
1:45 p. m. Saturdays — Tomales «nd way
stations. ¦
8:00 a. m. Sunflays — Tomales and way |
etatlcns. - j
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
THE BUSINESS
¦MAN-;.
TRAVELS WELL \
HE LEAY&S 4
SAN FRANCISCD I
AT 9.00 A. M.V I
r. AND ARRIVES AT
CHICAGO IN 75 HOURS
ON THE
CALIFORNIA \
I LIMITED |
i THE FAST TRAUI
ON THE
SANTA FE
HOIITI1KIIX I'ArnH! COHPA.1T.
:¦'>"•:¦ ¦ (P*ci»ic 8T*teii.)
' Train* !•>»««• nuil nr« •!¦•«> la nrrl>« *t
MAN nuxiMO.
(Main line, too: of ilarket Street)
MATi — From March 14. 19C1. — asuti
7«0»» Martinez, San riawou, Yallejo. Napa,
Calintoga and Sauta Rosa Iit3r
7i30a Benicis. auisuu, Klmira, VacatiUe.
Rnissey and S*cr*meuto. * ?:5Sr
7:3OADaTla. Woodland. Knights Landing.
MariSTi;;*-. Oroiiile. 7:Mf
7:30* Atlantic Kxprens— Ogdeu and East 12:23?
»:0Oa >'fle», Urermora, Tr^cy. Laibrop, ¦
Stockton . 7:31r
8:30a Shaat* Express — Daiia. Williams (for
Bartlett SptiDSS). Willows,. Bed
Bluff, Portland. 7>3fr
¦ S:3Oa San Jose. Litennore, Stockton,
lone, Sacramento, Placerrilla,
M*ry»Tlll«, Chico, Ued Bluff 4i*3p
¦iSn*Oakdalr, Chinese, bonora. Carters... «:*3r
OsOOa Hajwarls, Milts and Way Sutioiig. I 1:33a
t»:O«*A Ix« Angsles Express — Martinez.
Tracy, Lathrop, Mtockton. Merced
Fresno aud Los Angeles ?:23p
' O:^«»« Vail.-]'.. Martinez ami 1V«j Station! »:53r
I 0:0Oa The Orcrlaod limited— Ogdeo, Den-
t«, Omaha. Chicago • :33r
11:00a Kile*, Stockton, tJaeraarata, Men- 5 ; .
dot*. Fresno, Haufurd. Vlsalia.
IVrterfillo 4>S9r
11:00a Lit ermoru, eanysr. Goshen Juae-
tion, dkersSeld. Lo« Angeles
fl:O«p Sacramento Klter Steamers f3:40A
3:oop It-uicia. Winters,- Bacratiianto.
W.x.iliaii.l, Kuhdito lAodlut.
XI.rjHTi!!.-. Oro»llle..-.. I0:I>3a
3i«0p HajK»rd«, Nilri and W«| Stations. ft:33r
4:0«p MartlnvK, San lUuioii, Valiejo,
Najw, «. t «lint.>K». MaiiU Rosa •¦•3a
•4:O0p Bnn>et Limited. El Paso, New
Orleans and East. «11:33*
4:OOpTlio Owl limited— Tracy, rretno.
lUkersflalil. Kangii* for SauU Uar-
tut, IjOS Anxults. 1I:S3%
4 :3n p Hay wards. >i Urx »ud San .Iheo fStSA*.
S:Oop New Oriraw Express — lUkersiwUI,
San ta lUrliara, I<o« Angeles, I Inn-
ing, El Paso, New Orl«aiis aud
East 7.35*
S:0<M» Nile*. Llreimore. Storktoo. Lodl.... 1»j.V»a
e:»np llajwards. Milea and Hail Jose 7>Ut
1«iOOp Vallejo _ I Iift3*
0:0i>r Oriental Mail— Ojilen, Ciiejecse.
Omaha, Cbleign I2:31p
6:OOr Oriental Mafl— Ogden, Denver.
Oir.aii».C]iici.2<> „.. 4tS3p
~:<»«p OrrROii and Calirurnla Kxprea.Mas-
isimnlii Rl»riii«ille. ICmMliig,
I'ihIIhimI, I'nget Siniml and llant lt-134
SiaSrSan l\b'.a. r>rt (,'u-it*. Mirtlaes
an<l W»» .stations Ili53«
t*:O3r V»ll-j.> 7:3Ap
UHST l»irislON'<>iirrD» li* BR e).
<F.w>t»f MnrkrtStrnet.1
Hi 1.1 a NeirarM>nfc«r»ille,Haii .»i»«, BVI ton,
i;«>Hi<Sert:r>ek,S*i.iaC'rn»Ainl\Va»
HUtiuiis Bta»p
f3il3p Newark C'enterTillv. Oaii Jme, New
Alniailmj, Ffltiin, l'.(.ii!(!«r Creek,
Santa Crux and Principal War
8b»llo:>s tI«»»»A
4>l»p Newark, N»u Jnn*. Lna «»»o« Si»e>A
a'J:30p Hnnten' Etnirsion, San Joso and
I Way«UtioM Vi*9r
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
mast* rmscisco— root *r Vatka su»Ksu ? t)—
t7:l» 9:00 ll:00i.y. 1:53 |:03 S:lSr.i(.
rr«aOllUlD-ri<U.'l(otd«>T.-ti!:00 |j):00 \SM
10:00. .M. 13:33 2:C3 1:33 r.U.
COAST IIITIMON < Uroail Uaaire).
flhlnl^n<lTown»eml SU.)
t«sl«A Ocean View, tJouih H*n Frauci.ico.. JO«aop
?:OUAHan .lose »¦«! U'»y StattuM (New
- Alntadeu VVniiKwilnysi.nly) llSOv
• <OOa Kkh Jim*, Troa I'in.u.. H»ntm Cr»»,
Faoilic «Jro»e. 1'aso K<il«i«a. Han
hull O'lixiM), Surf. Lompoc anil .
1'riiiciiiiU War Htfttitum 4»lop
IOiIOa San Jose ami Way Mt.itlons «i.15a
ll::ti)A Man .line »ml Way Station* SiUUp
t*i I5P San Matm, lt«tlwoo.I. Menlo Park.
Talo Alto. Santa C'Ura, S»n .lum.
Tret Pinos. -Santa Om, Saiioas,
Monterojf hihI l'«cilio (Iran) IIOiIKIa
f»<S«r Han Jose and Way Stations 7:3»p
t'lilSf ?anJ»aeamt Principal Way Stations O:-15a
f3:OOp Ban Josf>. Los Gatos and Principal
Way Stations.... fOtOA«
S:30p Ban Jose and Principal Way Stations *:3-1a
A:»ttrdui Jose and Way Stations t^:«»A
| «ll:45p Sm.l(««»iiJ Way Hutlons ~»3«)p
A (or Morning t* (or A ftemoon.
j t Bunriay cxeepked. I Sunday oaif.
§ Mondaysv Wedocsday*, Friday t.
c Taradays, Thunlay*, Sasdayi
a oatuidif onijr, ..;'.—*,.
CALIFORNIA N0RTflV€STEBi1 fiL »
SAN FRAHC1SG0 AND NiRTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
TIburon Ferry. Foot of Mari^tt SW
San Francisco to San Rafael.
TIBURON FERKT- FOOT OF MARKET ST.
WEEK DATS— 7:30, 9:00, 11:00 a. m.; 13:35. 3:M.
, 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays-Extra trip at 11:*)
; p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:50 and
11:30 p. m.
BTTNDATS— 8:00. 9:30. U:00 a. m.; 1:20. i.M.
5:00. (-.30 p. m.
oun iCaiaal to San Francisco.
! WEEK DAYS-«:1O. 7:50. »:». 11:10 •, m.; 12:43,
3A0, 5:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:S5
¦ and 6:35 p. m.
! SUNDAYS— S:10. 9:40, U:1O a. m.; 1:40. X:40»
1:05, C:25 p. m.
Between San Franci.'co and Schuetzea Par'*.
tame schedule eg above.
Leave I In Effect I Arrlr*
i San FranctacOk |Nov. 7. 1900.1 San Fraaelseo.
WeeK I Sun- I I Sun- I Week
Days. I days. [ Destination. | days. | Day».
7:30 am 8:00 am Novato. 10:40 am 8:40 am
! 3:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma. «:05 pm, 10:25 am
5:10 pro 5:00 pm Santa Roaa. 7:35 pm «:23 pm
• FKlton,
7:30 am 'Windsor. ' 10:25 am
H<vitdsburr,
Lytton.
Oeyserville,
8 :S0 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:35 pm 8:g pro
Tioaml I Hopland j j
I 8:00 ami and Ukiah. | 7:33 pm| »:22 pm
7:30 am '¦ IMS* am
8:00 am Ouernevlllft. 7:33 pm
g:30pm *:22P m
1 7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma 9:13 am S:40am
! and
I 3:10 pm 5:00pm Glen Ellen. 6:05 pm t:23 pm
•7:30 am! 8:C0am| 110:40 amjiO:I5 ara
3:30 pmf 5:C0 pxnf Sebastopol. ( 7:33 pm' 8:22 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs: at Fulton-
1 for Altrurla; at Lytton for Lytton Springs: at
Geyservlile for Skaggs Springs;, at Cloverdala
! for the Geysers; at Hopland .for Duncan
I Sprlnga. Highland Springs. Kels»yvl!Ie. CarU>
I bad Springs. Soda Bay. .Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs: at Uklah for Vtchy Sprlnsa. Saratoga
Springs.' Blue Lalce:". Laurel Dell Lake, Wttfar
Sprints. Upper Lake, Pomo. Potter Vai?e/.
John Day's, Riverside. Llerley's Bucknell's.
Sanhedrin HeiKhtn. Hullvlllc. Orr's Hot Sprin»».
Mendoclno City. Fort Brafrsr. Westport, CsaU
WlUetta. Laytvnvllle. Cummlngs. Bell"» Sprlns*.
Harris. Olsens. Dyer. Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates. ,• ¦ • ,
On Sundays, round-trip tickets to all points
beyond- San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office. «50 Market St.. Chronicle build-
lri«r. • R. X. RYA.N.
H. C. WHITING. Gen. Pass. A&:
On. Manager.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
i Via SaosiUto Ferry— Foot of Mar ket St. ,
IV i«n ntm. M.finni*.
\%V 2:\— -- WEEK DAYS ~ — i ™IZl
4:W>p. m.) ijtayovernigbtattheTAWSs C10:.15 a.m.
*fO\. M.l { 1:00 r.Jt.
II ::» A. M. f •" SUNDA Y3 u. < 4^ p w
UISP.U.) I 5:Jir.M.
l-'arf . 5?an Frantiso to Summit and Return. »l.«).
Ticket Offices. 621 Market & Sansa»ito> Fcrrr.
y^*K Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
iaU*<-r%J»^ 63S> HEAUr.T ST. Establfctbrd
B5« I ti I"*^l for the treatment <>f l"rlvat»
HfkJJ^'ilSst O |w:i " 1 '*- '¦"""t M»niio«->d. DeNilty or
£if>CT?*w^'*'' wa3 '' xv e:» r i''Jr'"> ''O(ly nn<l miml and
' ¦3aUHtwSSHS'« in l ) ! aPM »2S- The Doctor cures wIimi
I fail. Try him. rbargetl low.
I ifitr^ TTiii Kw^'tti — r— r — — *¦*— - 1 CullorwrJt*.
I Dr. J. 3t\ (iIDEO>, sou irauciico, Cal.PROMINENT IRISH- AMERICAN CITIZENS MEET AT FESTAL BOARD
IN PALACE HOTEL AND FITTINGLY COMMEMORATE BIRTHDAY
OF THE PATRON SAINT OF THE EMERALD ISLE.
QUEENSTOWN, March 17.— The > Brit
ish ship Orealla, from Portland and As
toria, Or., 165 days out from the latter
port, arrived at this . port, . her : destina
tion, to-day, and reports having experi
enced a hurricane on the 6th Inst., which
continued until the 10th." The vessel's
cabins were flooded with water -to a
depth of several feet and much flaroage
was sustained aboard ifcfc 3!iip. "-'¦ Ce.pts.la
British Ship in a Hurricane.
Columns are- being" orlnted^ about Mr.
O'Sullivan in the London newspapers and
his future career Is of great . interest. •
For the past year he has b«en v rather
out of the public sight, carefully study-'
Ing and training his .voice? In earnest. -A
few days ago he gave a song recital -at
fashionable St. James Hall,' and that has
made Denis O'Sulllvan of ¦ the 1 Bohemian
Club famous. He sang every kind of song
from grand opera in German through the
French. Italian Spanish schools to Ensf-
Ush ballads and rollicking IriBh melodies,
and then capped the chmax by singing a
chant of the Zuni Indians in their own
language. - . .
The audience went .wild - and demanded
to know if there were any more languages
and native songs - that he - could - sin??.
Denis laughingly said he could do a bit of
old Gaelic and Louisiana coon songs and
some Chinese. . .
Nearly everybody In San Francisco, es
pecially members of the Bohemian Clubi
know Dents O'Sulllvan — the j handsome,
clever. Jolly, good-natured Denis, whose
remarkable barytone voice is ¦ only
equaled by his versatility as an amateur
actor, a story-teller and an all-around
good fellow. Mr. O'Sulllvan had done
some singing in England and appeared In
an opera, but the public and musical
critics did not take him seriously.
NEW YORK, March 17.— Tie Journal's
London cable says:
The new musical sensation of liORdon
Is Denis O'Sulllvan of San Francisco,
who-' woke - up tho other ,mornlng 4 to flt»u
himself ¦"• famous. "The r London. Times
gravely pronounced him to be Vone of
the illustrious I singers of .the world,"
while : numerous other critics fairly j lav
ished praises upon him.
Special Dispatch" to The Call.
San Franciscan Scores a
Tremendous -Hit in.. '.
London.
DENIS O'SULLIVAN
IS NOW THE RAGE
ST. PETERSBURG. March 17.— The offi
cial organ of the Russian Ministry of Fi
nance to-day • threatens that Russia** will
make strict reprisalo- in case of. any rais
ing of duties ' by • Germany • on Russian
products. • ¦" ; •-:-• r
Russia Warns Germany.
LONDON, March 18.-The new Irish
Guards regiment, stationed at Chelsea,
was agreeably surprised : yesterday/ on re
turning 'from ¦ church to : find " that an or
derly had arrived at . the- barracks from
Marlborough House with .boxes of sham
rocks from Queen Alexandria and a note
In her - own : handwriting requesting the
colonel of • the regiment to distribute ths
emblems to the men on parade.
WINDSOR. England, March 17.— With
King Edward's special permission a dep
utation of the Royal Munster Fusileers
Including General Laurie and Colonel
Johnston,' visited the mausoleum, at Frog
more this afternoon and laid a beautiful
Celtic cross of shamrocks and lilies upon
the tomb of Queen Victoria in memory of
St. Patrick's day and of Queen Victoria's
command a year ago to the Irish soldiers
to wear a shamrock. .: v
IRISH SOLDIERS LAY
FLOWERS ON THE TOMB
¦Mr. Hill has been In NewTork for more
than a week in connection with this deal,
but so secretly were the negotiations con
ducted that the announcement of his ac
quiring control comes as a surprise. When
asked In New York a- few days ago
whether he was frying to obtain control
of the Burlington, he said most emphat
ically that he did not own and was : not
buying a share of the stock. This re
moved all suspicion, and the conclusion
was jumped at that the Pennsylvania
Company .was buying the Burlington
stock and ' causing its phenomenal rise.
But the Pennsylvania people" promptly de
nied the story. . ' ; ¦
¦ . . . .. . ... »
The Morgan and Harrlman Interests ob
tained control of the Burlington road sev
eral weeks ago, and it is with them that
Mr. Hill has been negotiating ¦¦¦ for the
lease. The rapid- advance In Burlington
stock during the last two. weeks, and the
additional jump of six points yesterday
marked the beginning and culmination of
the deal.
NEW YORK, March'' 17.— The World has
this from Chicago: James J. Hill, repre- v
sentlng the Great Northern and Northern
Pacific railway companies, has practically
obtained control of the Burlington system.
This information comes from an authentic
source. The great corn-carrying railroad
is to be leased to the Great Northern and
Northern Pacific railway companies, the
latter guaranteeing 7 per cent dividends
on all the, Burlington stock. ..' : .
the Great Corn-Carrying
Eailroad. •
Practically Completes the Deal for
HILL OBTAINS: CONTROL
OF BXJELINGTON SYSTEM
Tyers, during the storm, had one of his
arms broken. __^___
The St;' Patrick's Day Convention met
yesterday afternoon and completed all
arrangements for • the J celebration to be
held to-day at the Central Theater and the
Mechanics' Pavilion. James M. Ward,
who will present the "Colleen" Bawn" at
Evening of St; Patrick's Bay.
iran.- I>r. J. y. Gibbon, Daniel Sheerin. J. B.
Mclntvre, W. J. McNamara. John O'Hara, P.
McArdle, T. P. Riordan, Jeremiah V. Coffey,
John Bernhard. Matty Kelleher, M. J. Bohan
non. Rev. P Scanlan, Thomas J. Stanton, Dr.
Hugh Lagan, Charles W. lleehan. James Don
ovan. Peter J. Curtis. J. R. Tobln. James
Shea, J. XV. 3. Knright. M. C. Hassett. Denis
Sheerin. J. J. Meehan. Joseph King, D. C. Mur
phy, Louis F. Bylngton, John T. Greany. ohn
D. - Sullivan, M. Merigan. W. J. Biggy,
L. J. Dwyer. A. A. Emery. Dr. A. P. O'Brien,
Dr. Gerald J. Fitzgrerald. Dr. Joseph G. Mor
rlssey. P. F. Dundon, William Cronln, P. J.
McCormick, Dr. L. J. Baclgalupl. Edward I.
Coffey, Thomas A. Connelly. Charles Fisher,
James V. Coffey. John J. Barrett, Joseph S.
Tobln. Rev. Father James McDonald, Daniel
C. Deasy, F. Hoendorf. James Glides, D. O.
Sullivan, James F. O'Brien. William Guilfoyle,
J W. Welch. James E. BrUt, Colonel J. C.
O'Connor, William O'Connell, John Grant. Dr.
C. A. Clinton. James H. Barry. 'William Brod
erick. Thomas F. Barry. J. J. Phelan. T. Ma
honey. W. J. . Kelly, James Mulcahy and
Charles Glldea.
WILL HONOR ANUTVERSABY.
Entertainments for Afternoon and
Profewor David Starr Jordan. J. D. Phelan.
Judce W. H. Beatty. R. C O'Connor. General
William K. Shaf ter. James A. Emery, James
A. M. Macpherson, chief of the Caledo
nian Club, responded to "Our Sister So
cieties," and his j remarks evoked pro
longed applause.- .'
Among those present at the banquet
were: : .
The Rev. Father McLoughlin, "the sing
ing priest," of New York City, sang an
Irish melody, and in response to a hearty
encore rendered "The Minstrel Boy."
ford University, responded to the toast
"The Twentieth Century and Its Promise
to Man." He delivered *a humorous ad
dress and laughingly, predicted that before
the end of the present century Ireland will
control th© politics of every nation on the
face of the earth. In conclusion • he said
that America held the center of trade
po.wer, and urged California to look out
through the Golden Gate to the Orient.
D. Sheerln sang several Irish melodies,
after which Major General Shaf ter re
sponded to "The Army." He paid high
tribute to the men engaged in the recent
war \rtth Spain and China.
Mayor Phelan in responding to the toast
"The City of San Francisco" outlined the
great future of the metropolis of Califor
nia. He said that while mistakes might
have been made in the past there was
every reason to believe that San Francis
co would within the next few years take
a higher rank and place among the fore
most cities of the United States.
MEXICO CITY. March 17.— The Mexican
Consul at El Paso, Tex., Mr. Malen, has
returned from a three days*. stay at Cuer
navaca, where he had an interview with
President Diaz. He says .the President is
In excellent health. There continues to be
much talk here about President Diaz go
ing to El Paso in order to meet President
McKinl»»y when the latter makes his trip
to the Pacific Coast, but there seems to
be some doubt as to which Government
should take the initiative. Each President
has a high regard for the other; and a
meeting: between them would be the first
«vent of the kind.
Premier at El Paso.
Shake Hands "With Mexico's
America's Chief Executive Likely to
DIAZ AND McKINLEY
MAT MEET EACH OTHER
"We still hope for the cause of Ire
land," said he, "and though It Is called
the Isle of Sorrows, the day Is not far
distant •when she will take her proper
place and rank among the nations of the
earth. Irish faith has never faltered,
and Irish hope has never wavered. Every
spot on the Green Isle la hallowed and
sanctified by the blood of Irish patriots."
Th« guests then rose and Bang- the
"Star-Spangled Banner." Chief Justice
Beatty of the Supreme Court responded
to the toast "The United States." "The
American constitution," said he. "Is the
most wonderful work ever struck off by
man. We stand by that constitution, a
united people, and to our credit be it
raid that since we signed It we have
James A. Emery responded to the
toast. "The Day We Celebrate," and paid
a handsome tribute to the glorious saint
who dedicated his life to Ireland.
Letters from Archbishop Riordan, Rear
Admiral Schley and many others, ex
pressing regret at their inability to at
tend, were read by the secretary.
THE twenty-sixth annual banquet
of the Knights of St. Patrick was
held last night In the maple room
of the Palace Hotel. The banquet
ing hall was tastefully decorated
with flags and evergreens, and nothing
was left undone that might add to the
pleasure and comfort of the 200 guests
who sat down at the festal board. Tho
opening address was delivered by R. C.
O'Connor, president of the society.
"I bid you a cordial ¦welcome, a genuine
Irish 'Cead Mille Faulthe/ to our ban
quet board," said he. "We meet as has
been our custom for the last twenty-elx
years." he continued, "to celebrate our
national holiday: to recall the memories
associated with It; to look again in fancy
upon the scenes of our youth, whose
charm has remained •with us during ail
the years of our exile. For our native
land is fair and beautiful to look upon,
and though it has been wet with the tears
of sorrow, it. too, has been lit up wita
the smiles of a generous love. Mist
crowned, she lies upon the ocean's bos
om, U&e flotsam una waif upon life s\
dreary sea, storm riven ana tempest
tossed by the waves of adversity, and so
our eympatny ana iove go out to her m
her long struggle, and our prayers fpr
her tinai and speedy triumph grow mort
and more fervent as the years go by. I
do not despair for the future of my native
land. I refuse to believe that the rac<j
tnat has maintained its individuality dur
ing so many centuries of warfare ani
persecution is doomed either to extinction
or absorption."
; ' Trapper's OH cures rheumatism and neuralcU.
Prussian. 60c Cask. Richards & Co., 406 Clay. •
$10 35, San Francisco to Los Angeles, for
first cabin passage, including meals and
berth. . Only > twenty-six i hours en ; route.
Steamer ; Santa ¦ Rosa . or Queen from
Broadways wharf every Sunday and
Wednesday. ¦ stopping only at Santa Bar
bara.. Pacific Coast Steamship Company,
office - 4 '• New • Montgomery street, under
Palace Hotel." ; . . •'
Low Ba tea—Improved Service.
CAPE TOWN. March 17.— General De
wet's : commando has -been broken - up - at
Senekal, Orange River Colony. "
1 PRETORIA,- March 17.— The i prospects
of peace are still considered hopeful. The
Boer losses last month were 160 killed. 400
wounded and 1000 captured and surren
dered. Owing • to the heavy . rains Genera 1
French's .transport" difficulties are still
Boer Losses in Killed • and "Wounded
in . February, Nearly Six
Hundred.
GENERAL DEWET'S .' FORCE
; ¦ BBEAKS iXJP/ AT SENEKAL
A. Kronholne, ., alias . Rundell; and M.
Miller, ¦ alias ¦ Owen, neither of whom Is
more than 20 years of age, were arrested
last night- in -Leed's restaurant- and
booked '¦ on charges of robbery 1 and bat
tery. They assaulted Special Officer Ma
loney. who caught them attempting to
rob Sam Monash at Seventh and Howard
streets. .When 'he attempted to arrest
them they attacked him and escaped.
Young Bobbers Caught.
Cobus During an Epi
leptic Fit.
NEW YORK. March 17.— Mrs. Carrie
Cobus, living on West Eighteenth street,
met death in a shocking manner to-night,
having been killed by her dog.
Mrs. Cobus, her husband, son and moth
er lived' together. Mrs. Cobus was 38 years
0* age and subject to epileptic fits. Her
constant companion was a fox terrier of
unusual Intelligence. ..Mrs. Elizabeth
Broadhead, Mrs. Cobus* mother, says her
daughter went Into the kitchen about 7
"o'clock. A few moments later Mrs. Broad
head heard tho | dog barking excitedly.
The mother ran out and found her daugh
ter lying on the floor. . She knew it was
an epileptic attack, and dashing a pitcher
of water into her daughter's face she ran
lnto'thehall and screamed. for help.
Philip Rockefeller, living. near by. heard
her; and ran to her assistance/ They went
into the room where Mrs. Cobus lay, and
there saw a horrifying spectacle. The pet
terrier, | seeing , Its mistress I In I agony, ap
pears to 'have, gone mad. . He flew at tho
prostrate woman as she writhed *ipon tho
floor and : repeatedly attacked her, . bury
ing his teeth. in her throat and severing
the Jugular vein. When Rockefeller trie.l
to tear, > the . maddened ¦ . brute away it
clung to the dying woman:, with terrible
tenacity. He finally got the animal loose
It then attacked the mother and the man.
but they beat it off. A physician was
summoned, but Mrs. ¦ Cobus • had bKed to
death. The dog . disappeared in the
streets.
Terrible Fate of Mrs. Carrie
PET DOG KILLS
ITS MISTRESS
The augmented choir, which was com
posed of fifty voices, acquitted itself in
a most commendable manner. A Cimaro
sa mass was sung. At. the evening serv
ices, which were alsc attended by a large
congregation, Fathu O'Neil spoke glow
ingly on the success of St. Patrick in Ire
land. .
In commemoration of the birthday of
Erin's patron saint, a solemn high mass
was celebrated yesterday at St. Patrick's
Church by the Rev. .Archbishop Hiordan
in copevestment. The church was dec
orated In. truly artistic style in 'honor of
the occasion. The electrjc lights of the
auditorium, blending with the mild light
of the innumerable blessed candles which
covered the altar, formed a scene of daz
zling splendor. Evergreens, palms, flower
and hop vines were s>uspended about the
main body of the church, vfhich was
crowded to the doors when the services
were commenced.- The Archbishop was
attended by the Rev. Fathers Crowley.
Hamet and Cummings. The Rev. Father
Colepy acted as deacon and Father
O'Hara as subdeacon. Fathers Haron and
Mulligan were masters of ceremony, and
Father Barry was seated in the sanctu
ary. The Rev. Father Sullivan of the
Menlo Park Seminary delivered a master
ly panegyric on St. Patrick.
High, Mass at St. Patrick's.
Promenade concert: introductory remarks by
J. O'Gara: address by C. L». Asmussen: stere
opticon views of historic places in Ireland:
Irish hornpipe by O'Connor and Kelleher: Irish
reel. MIfk Juliii Malloy and Miss Annie Cav
anaugh; stereoptlcon views of the United
States; chorus of' 250 voices; views of Ireland
and America; chorus and dancing.
-Between the acts there will be Irish Jig
and reel dancing by Messrs. O'Connor
and Kelleher. ' . .
The evening entertainment at the Pa
vilion will consist of the following:
Afternoon exercises at Central Theater-
Overture: introductory remarks by the presi
dent of the day. John O'Gara; oration. Hon.
Samuel M.. Shortridsre; poem by John M. Mil
ler, to be- read by M. r>esmond of the Ward
Company; reading ot resolutions, F. S.
Drady, secretary of the convention: "The Col
leen Bawn," 1 presented by James M. Ward and
company.
the theater in the afternoon, was elected
an honorary member of the convention. It
was announced that the Board of Educa
tion had directed the teachers In the pub
11s schools to excuse all pupils who wish
ed to attend the afternoon exercises. It
was further reported that a number of
downtown houses had granted a half
holiday to their employes.
The programme agreed upon Is as fol
lows:
Sergeants Robert Scott and John "Wal
ters, formerly of • th© IWenty-thlrd In
fantry, and who are recent arrivals from
Manila, went to police headquarters last
night and stated they had been rtfbbed of
large sums of money and valuables In the
International Hotel at the corner of Jack
son and Kearny streets, during the after
noon. .¦"¦-¦ •
Scott and • Walters stated that with
two other soldiers they went to the.
hotel and secured a room for the
purpose* of taking a rest. They went
to sleep early in the afternoon and
when they were awakened in the evening
found that their two companions had dis
appeared. Scott discove-ed that $160. a
watch chain and some foreign coins be
longing to him were missing and Walters
was minus $100. ; Whether tha two soldiers
who left - the room previous . to the tlm-j
when the sergeants awakened had: any.
thing to do with the robbery is not known.
Large Amounts at Police
Headquarters.
SOLDIERS ROBBED OF
MONEY WHILE ASLEEP
Army Sergeants Report the Theft of
Dr. Frank "W. Dudley of San Francisco
has been appointed captain and assistant
surgeon, U. S. V. Captain Dudley has
been in Manila for some time and was
expected home with the Thirty-second In
fantry, of which he was one of the sur
geons. The news of his delayed departure
will disappoint his many friends here, but
his appointment in the army will give
them a great deal erf satisfaction. Captain
Dudley held the rank of major in the
Eighth California, which regiment was
mustered out. He Is a prominet member
of the local lodge of Elks.
The headquarters of the first and third
battalions and Companies B, C, I, K..L
and M, Tenth Infantry, received orders
yesterday to embark on the transport
Pennsylvania, which will sail about the
18th Inst. for Manila. ¦ * ¦
Orders have been issued from headquar
ters detailing Sergeant Morse, Eighteenth
Infantry, and a guard of four privates to
accompany Hospital Steward C. C. Powell
and two hospital corps men to "Washing
ton with nine insane soldiers.
Acting Assistant Surgeon Henry Kler
sted has been detached from the general
hospital and ordered to Manila on the
Pennsylvania. Acting Assistant Surgeon
T. K. Mullins has been assigned to duty
at the general hospital.
Captain Guy C. Bailey, assistant sur
geon, U. S. V., is relieved from duty at
the general hospital and asigned to duty
with the Thirtieth Infantry.
Yesterday was not a day of rest for the
officers engaged in forming the first bat
talion of the Thirtieth Infantry at the
Presidio. Three hundred men were trans
ferred from the casual camp to the quar
ters of the new command in Model camp.
The mustering of these men and the plac
ing of them in "tents occupied the entire
day.
Lieutenants V.. M. Sninkle, "W. R. Bettl
son and C. E. Brigham. artillery corps,
reported yesterday to Colonel Ellis for
duty with the organization of the Thir
tieth Infantry.
to Model Camp for Thirtieth
Infantry.
Three Hundred Recruits Transferred
BUSY DAY FOR OFFICERS
OUT AT THE PRESIDIO
Herzog visited Captain Seymour yester
day and requested the Chief of Detectives
to communicate with Colonel Rawles ask
ing for military protection. Herzojr says
he will close out his business, but he has
a quantity of pawned property that ho
wished to have redeemed, and wanteo
protection until such time as he was able
to dispose of It. Detective Reynolds wa3
detailed to confer with Colonel Rawles
and will visit the Presidio to-day.
Private James Budrow of Company I.
Thirty-sixth Infantry, who claims he was
robbed by Herzog, intends getting out a
warrant for the latter's arrest. Bud
row claims he was perfectly sober at the
time he was refused his change and of
fers a good army record as indicating that
he is a man of veracity.
The small sauad detailed to subdue the
mob arrived on a run and the trouble was
ended. The crowd coula not stand the
presence of a half dozen armed men and
a determined lieutenant and when the lat
ter issued the order to disperse the men
slunk away and went quietly to the:r
quarters in the Presidio.
Before the sruard reached the scene sev
eral stones had been hurled at Herzog's
place of business and it was apparent that
any moment might see violence and de
struction committed.
After retreat the men aro free until 11
p. m. Shortly after 7 o'clock the number
of soldiers increased about Herzog's store,
they forming into a number of small
squads. About 8 o'clock they assembled
in large numbers until fully 3000 men were
gathered together. ' Angry mutteringa
could be heard by the police officers and
they quietly dispatched a soldier for the
guard from the reservation.
The departure of Herzor somewhat
cooled the angry passions of the men. but
they were closely ¦watched for the rest of
the day. Sergeant Harper, fearing trouble,
sent for- three additional men and sta
tioned them near the wrecked store.
I.ate In the afternoon the soldiers start
ed for their auarters within the reserva
tion, but as they could go and come at
will, a close watch was kept upon their
actions.
Herzog was finally extricated from his
dangerous position, and under the escort
of three police officers taken to the Union
street cars.
. The trouble of the preceding night was
resumed in the morning upon the appear
ance of the proprietor of the store. Hun
dreds of soldiers who ara still of the
opinion that • Herzog robbed their com
rade stood in front of his place and when
he made his appearance rushed toward
him. With yells for a rope and crying
"Lynch him!" "Kill him!" "Burn his
house down!" they crowded around the
pawnbroker, and the police officers had a
hard time preventing the infuriated men
from carrying out their designs.
All day long hundreds of soldiers were
congregated at the corner of Greenwich
and Lyon streets awaiting an opportunity
to destroy the property or wreak personal
vengeance upon N;|T. lierzog, the pawn
broker, whom they charged with robbing
a comrade .. and whose Dlaco they had
wrecked the night before.' The oolice of
ficers on duty were oqwerless and could
do no more than reason with the angry
soldiers.
Three thousand angTy soldiers bent upon
doing mischief gave way to the authority
vested in a simile lieutenant and six pri
vates of the regular army last nigrht near
the entrance to the Presidio. For an hour
before the appearance of Lieutenant El
tinge and his guard of a 1 half dozen men.
the soldiers had been actinsr as If the
world was their own, but their turbulent
spirits were quelled at the sight of a few
determined men. They knew an order is
sued by the officer In command meant its
execution.
Angry Soldiers, Bent on Doing
laschief, Sent to Their Quar
ters by a Squad
Three Thousand Turbulent
Spirits Are Checked by
a Few Men, '
MOB SUCCUMBS
TO DISCIPLINE
KNIGHTS OF ST. PATRICK AND MANY GUESTS
GATHER AT BANQUET TABLE TO GELEBRATE
BIRTHDAY OF PATRON SAINT OF IRELAND
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, M ABCH 3 8, 1901;
Cosgrave, ¦ Rev. Father McLoughlin, P. A. Mac
pherson. John Mulhern. Jeremiah Deasy, John
A. LewUon. < James F. O'Brien. Milton B. Len
non. Dr. T. \V. Leonard. R. C. O'Connell, M.
J. Ka*t, Rev. W. B. Klrley. T. C. O'Connor.
Rev. P. J. Keane. Thomas \V. Kelly, M. Corri-
never lowered our colors to any. nation
or power. We do our civic" duties and
•will ever protect the rich heritage left us
by our forefathers."
David Starr Jordan, president of Stan-
10
G0LDBEE3, B0WZ5 * CVS SPECIAL SAYIXO SALE
Eggs
Strictly dozen 1 -_
fancy . x 0 *•
4)3 Pine i?» Satttr >8oo California San Francises
Thirteenth and Clay streets Oakland
Toilet soap
Colgate— reg'ly 6oc doz— - n
Turkish bath 5 OC
H a m a me 1 is
J pints 15c pints 25c quarts 40c
Extract of witch-hazel
Dentifrice
Vee-o-Iay-reg'ly 35c jar 2 iars C CC
French tooth paste J ° -> •> *"
To i 1 e t paper
Belv«dere^ — 1000 sheets — <5 T - ;_
reg'ly $1 50 dozen P * x °
Broken
Eyeglass
I>n»e« raplaecd for SO cent*.
Any Astigmatic lenses dupUcated for fl.OO
and 91 JiQ.
Guaranteed correct and best quality.
OcollsU' prescxiptlona filled. Factory vm
pnmlaea. Quick repalrlne. Pttono. Mats 19.
OPTICIANS^^^app^^
642 Market 5t. JMiTRUMtNfj
uhoe« CK«OMicxt BuaotM&.- CaTAlCGUt Tftlt.
P. ROSCOE MeXCLTY. II. D.
2CKK«nrnySU Man Fran cl*co.Ca»
DR.MQNULTY.
rpHI8WKlX-KNOW3f AITDRKLIABLE OLD
L Specialist cures Blood Poison, Gonorrbaa.Gleet,
Stricture, Brmtnal Wealcoes*. Impotence and their
allied Disorder*. Book on Diseases of Mon, fre*.
OTera>Te»rs'ezpertenc«.Terin)t r*anonable. Roara.
9to3da!ly;8:30toS.30e-r'£s.8andATM,10toI2. Con»ul-
tation free and sacredly confidential. Can or address
Ban Francisco.
W. T.HES9,
rOTASY PUJL13 153 mUfUMf-Af-Ll*.
Tenth Floor. Room 1015. Cl&ua Spreckel* Kij.
Telephone Brown »31.
Residence, 821 California St.. b«low Powell.
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price Lists Hallai
on Application.
DIREGTORY
COAL, COKE A.ND PIO IR3X
jc Wilson &C0-. asssnffiSi
COPPERSMITH.
CW CM1TH Ship Plumbing-. Steamboat and
• YT* w Jill 11« ship Work a specialty. It and
18 Washington st. Telephone Main 56«-
• FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
JAS- BOYES&CO. 04
OILS.
LUBRICATINO OILS. LEONARD A TCTJ.TW.
413 Front St.. S. F. Phone Main ITU.
PR1NT1NO.
E C HUGHES. m fcSSSTS- s. t.
PRINTERS. BOOKBINDERS.
THE H1CKS-JTJDD CO..
¦ 23 First Street. Saa FrancUeo.
MISSION_CROCERS
THREE-DAY SALE.
TO-DAY, TUESDAY, WEDNESDAY.
PHOXE MISSION ».
BUTTER, fancy creamery, per sq 30c
Quality raarmnteefl sweet.
The s&zne s» last week.
EGG?, fancy large selected white, I7ic
Direct from Highland Poultry Farm.
CORN, standard quality 6 cans 45c
Ulee and tender. Res. 10c can.
CORN MEAL, very best yellow x .fc? 20g
MMcec nice Corn Bread. Res. 2Sc
PRUNES, jet black, size large, Ib 5c
This is s, E.ncp. Reg. 8c
PIGS' FEET, Mb tins 10c
I..n.by-McX*ire. Slakes quick lunch.
Resular Z2\ic.
HAMS, genuine Eastern, per Ib 12c
Medium size. Sugar-cured. Hec- lie
Monday only.
COFFEE, Gosta Rica and Java, Ib I7io
•Fresh roasted. A winner. Reg-. 25c
A trial order of any of the above articles will
convince you that we can save you money.
I B.CORCORAN & CO.,
1201 VALENCIA STREET, CORNER 23d.
STATIONER AND PRINTER.
""SSST 11 * PAfiTRIDGfi Tel c e S^ hu> •
EKJLDBEHg
BDWEN
Arrived
Bee brand teas
50c 60c 80c $1 lb
Monday Tuesday Wednesday
Chutney
Bombay— pints
picquant— condiment
reg'ly 40c and 60c quarts roc
Catsup
G B & Co — nothing finer — t r r»
reg'ly 20c bottle A 5 *~ '
O y sters
Our Choice — extra selected — o r r»
large cans O
Jams — j e 11 i e s
Sweet Briar — 2 lb cans j r r*
reg'ly 20c L J *"
Olives
Extra large — Manzanilla — OT
reg'ly 30c quart j c
W 1 " • .1 1^--
n 1 k v .
-ii 1 o r*. y ¦
GB& Co ~ 3 bottles $2
OK bourbon- • '" .' **
reg'ly $ 1 bottle * gallon
$4 gallon 3
B e e r
Everard^ pints j c
reg'ly $1 55 pints quarts 2 I O
$2 35 quarts
Riesling
Rhine type— fruity flavor— £ -
reg'ly $1 gallon °5 C
C r e o 1 e rice
Finest Carolina— 5 lb carton jrr
reg'ly ioc lbj "*-
10 lb carton 90c
Fancy clusters— - cc
reg'ly $1—5 Ib box / J
Sand soap
G B & Co— it cuts 8 cakes 2 CC
dirt quickly— reg'ly 6 for 25c J
Pirn i e n t o s
Stuffed Spanish peppers— "i 2 T C 2OC
reg'ly 1 5c and 25c can 2
Asp ara g u s
Our Choice— fresh flavor— or\r
reg'ly 25c can «
Sa.r din e s
French — boneless— 2 f0r4.CC
reg'ly 30c large can T r
S a 1 m o n
Our best quality— , T rr .
r «y5'ly 12k and 20c can x yjK ~ x J *"
BOLDBIES, B0WEK * C0'8 SPECIAL 8AVIHQ SALS
AD VEBTISEMENTS. . _ _ ._
FOULARD
A \~s %**J ¦¦¦Hi JL JL VJL«/
Si I l/o
JY JLaafl JL V lw •
This 'week we will open our com-
plete Importation of 24-lnch FOU-
LARD SILKS fop the present season.
The variety Is much larger than we
have ever shown. The styles are all
new and In almost every case con-
fined to us; They are all the fine
twill satin finish and the latest
colorings.
See Our Exhibition of These Silks.
Special Opening This Week of New
Fancy Rihbons, New Persian Trim-
mings, New Kid Gloyes, New Fancy
Hosiery, New Galons, Laces and
Frontings, and Elegant Black Fairies
and Grenadines. ,.^
111. 113. 115. 117, 119. 121 POST STREET,