[••£:', . ; Cootinued cnPags;fwo.-. } •
Continued on ; Po era Two.
-'The complaint against Most, which cov
ers, five:and a' half (typewritten '.pages',* Is
based t on and' quotes in ; full • an editorial
which; Most' printed in the Freihelt on
captain declaring he would not allow, the
prisoner, to pose. as' a martyr before; the
p'ubHc.' !: " *' : - ; , ¦¦ '¦'. •; • ' ' • f
j. y e1 * t TORK - S^Pt- 12.— Johann
I Most, the most widely known of
. New York anarchists and editor
of Freihelt. the organ of the an
t. i archlsts, was arrested to -night
by Central Office detectives!
TJie arrest was made in a saloon over
Captain Titus. refused to allow! Most to
see any one or to make a statement, the
which are < the offices of the ' L newspaper-
Herr Most objected volubly to the arrest^
but to no purpose, - and he was -locked up
at police headquarters" as" "a suspicious
person"."." • . \' , ' ¦' ¦ *\ :.' ;. ¦'¦¦¦ "
September. 7.' The editorial reads. in part:
. The , greatest; of 'all in" tho
world, is ithelbelief ;that" there can * ba
.a crime of^any- soritjagainst despotsi
and their .accomplices, f; Such -a; bslief J
is in itself ! a' crime.'-- Despots.- are out; "I
I laws; they are in Jruman. shape what
[the tiger is among. beasts. To spare
[them is ' a -crime. 'As .despots they
[make use 'Hot)' everything^ treachery,
lohann Most,, the Widely Known New: Yprlc^^^^^
Arrested in New York for His Incendiary Utteranc^ S^yHn*
Friend of Emma Goidmah and dissociate ¦¦ : -of:' : Czolidszr:;jaiied ai Griicagp
ASSA^^ Y T^ -THE^BUFFALO :EXPqSITION:i^
ppV« itr mfmicurn 2^ ™™^i MPLICATB ? J - THEPICTURE OF CZ0LG0SZ IS FROM THE ONLY.! KNOWN * PHOTOGRAPH* AND IS REPRODUCED FROM- THE CLEVELAND
t rnt.~i>. II Ib FUBLISHKD TO GIVE THE PUBLIC A CORRECT IDEA; OF ; THE 'APPEARANCE OF THE MAN IN PLACE OF THE^V'FAKE^ PHOTOGRAPHS RECENTLY; PRESENTED. | g .. ".
The first note of alarm* was
sounded in the ofncial oul
letin yesterday ..afternoon, which
Dr. McBurney was especially
jubilant over the action of the
stomach, and [» yesterday morning
before his departure for. ; New
York dwelt upon ; the fact i\yai
the stomach seemed to have re
sumed its normal functions."
The breakfast of chicken broth,
toast and coffee given yesterday
morning was'spoken of by all the
physicians as strong evidence, of
improvement. Only when it be
came apparent late in the morn
ing that the food had not agreed
with the President did. the : first
genuine anxiety appear. mM
juice- through the; mouth, how
ever, seemed to .. agree with the
patient, and the physicians were
highly gratified at the way the
stomach seemed to receive the
food.
. The rectum,; through; ; which
food, had been injected ; previous
to Wednesday, • became irrimted
and rejected : the means, j* This
forced ;the physicians to try him
through the mouth— probably
before the ; stomach \vas prepared.
The first • administration of beef
Trouble '.began on : the preced-,
ing : afternoon through the fail
ure of the digestive; organs to
perform their; functions. The. ne
cessity for nourishment had been
pressing for several days, and | the
partial failure of: artificial -means
had led to the adoption of nat
ural means. •
; m,yr ILBURN HOUSE,
7 VI BUFFALO, Sept. 13.
I vyf B ri — President McKinley
j began ; to s sink . shortly
after 2 o'clock this morning after
a critical-period of twelve hours
in which alarm and hope mingled
in the' emotions of those who
surrounded him. . : ¦
GRADUAL FAILING
ON HEART ACTION
CAUSES SINKING
Most Critical Condition Followed
By U nconsGidusness and the
BiJFFALO, Sept. 13, 8:^0
ing," said Dr. Mynter, IHit this nieanS tie is still unconscious.
PRESIDENT McKINLEY IS DYING
VOLUME XC- NO. 105.
SAN FRANCISGq,7:FEJpAYv^ SE^TEM:$ER, 13, 1901.
PRICE FIYE CENTS.
The San Francisco CallContinued From. Page One.
DEATH HOVERS NEAR THE PRESfDEHT
TWO VENOMOUS eONFEDERATES OF .; : WflaMLA:MERlC*^IUST::BE-RID
Continued. on Page Three.
On his release he decided to cursa
America with his presence and- sailed- fo?
New York in December, 1S82. Immediately
on his arrival he began his incendiary
work by lecturing and publication, which
he has continued with little interruption
ever since. For a speech made at the
time of the Haymarket explosion in Chi
cago he was sentenced to a year on the
Island, which is the worst and longest of
the two terms of punishment the over
patient authorities have seen fit to accord
him. though his mouth has ever bee.n !
open but to spit further curses and rnvoka
destruction on the Country which tol-.
erates him— its people, its laws; its Got-* .
ernors and its Presidents. - ;
Special Dispatch to' The CalL
.-« wEW YORK, Sept. 12.— Dr. Georga
|\ I 'F.V Shrady, in the Medical Re
1^1 view, describing the operation* i
I .-^yon : President McKinley, says: Vj
"I ;".^ r --'The illustrious patient stood:
¦^ ;•»_• the ether and operation well, his
.' . : .'pulse at its termination being
130 and of good quality. There has been
at no time any symptom of peritonitis or
of septic poisoning. The pistol used was,
fortunately, one of slight penetrating
power,' and it was of small caliber, other
wise the ball would have struck the
sternum- '• arid almost certainly thera
would have been far greater damage than
that which perforated the stomach, even
had it not caused instant death.
; "A very remarkable feature of the
operation w&s its performance so soon af
ter the infliction of the injury, and in this
respect it'may be looked upon as unique.
Fortunately, in consequence mainly of
the careful handling of the patient be
fore the operation, only a very small
amount of stomach contents escaped into
the . peritoneal cavity. Viewed by Itself
as a surgical procedure it may be con
sidered beyond criticism. In fact it was
demonstrating to the public one of many
triumphs of modern surgery.
"It- Is most gratifying to. state at the
present writing that the distinguished
patient is in a fair way to complete re
covery. The only trouble now centers
in the present uncertainty as to the lo
cation of the bullet. Although believed to
be lodged in the muscles of the back
somewhere in the lower dorsal or upper
lumbar region, there has been no means
as yet of proving such a point. Of course,
every hope now rests in the probability of
the muscles becoming safely encysted and
consequently harmless. It is somewhat
difficult to understand why, upon this
writing, the X-ray,. so easily and effec
tually applied, has not been brought into
service. It Is to be hoped that the bul- '
let's course behind and beyond the stom
ach is in a safely-closed and aseptic con
dition. This would seemingly be the only
absolute guarantee against any further
trouble from a. secondary suppurating
process. But whatever theories may be
offered as to the precise nature of the
injury, they can be very harmlessly ven
tilated in the face of the gratifying fact
that the patient seems destined to recover
and valiantly defy them alL"
Vienna on May 2, 1872, the authorities de
creed his banishment and he was sent
across the Saxon frontier. The Saxon po
lice would not permit him to. make public
speeches and so he worked privately »n
the homes of the workingmen. - - - • '-"-:
Becoming editor of the" Chemnitz- Etoe'
Presse, he made such incendiary attacks
on the authorities that he was summoned
to court forty-three times in one year and
punished eighteen times by fine or impris
onment. • -
About this time Most won the love of a
beautiful girl and married her, soon after
going to live at JIayence. He says that
he had "no time for hearthstone mus
ings," and after leading his wife^a hard
lite he deliberately- and cruelly sacrificed
his family for his party, and in IS80 gave
her up. She died in 1S82, three children
having died before.
By 1875 Most had become an out-and-out
anarchist. He went to Berlin and was
elected to the Reichstag. In 1ST7 he was
again elected. He was several timea in
prison for various offenses. "In May
when the anarchist Hoedel shot at the
German Emperor, Most in a public speech
applauded the act and was sent to prison
for six weeks. He passed his time writ
ing anarchistic books, of which, he had>
now published many. • . . ¦
In 1S7S the socialist law proscribing cer
tain literature was passed and Most'a
books headed the "index." He -was or
dered out of the country and. went to
Hamburg and thence to London, where in
January, 1879, he began the publication of
the "Freiheit," in which on the occasion j
of the assassination of Czar Alexander It"
he exulted and declared that "all- tyrants -
must soon be served in the same man
ner," and running a deep- red border
around his paper. He was arrested and
sent to Cler ken well Prison for sixteen
months. • . -t ; -..-,.
Location of Bullet the
Greatest Danger Nov/
Confronting Patient
Dr. Shrady Writes of the
Successful Operation
Performed by Doctors
MODERN
SURGERY
MARVEL
NO EVIDENCE YET SECU RED TO CONNECT E M M A GOLD MAN WITH PLOT TO KI LL PRESID E NT.
ACCUSED
WOMAN IS
IN LUCK
Buffalo Authorities Are
Not Yet Ready to Ask
for Her Requisition
Officers Hope toGet All Ac
complices by* Tracing
Czolgosz's Movements
BTTFFALO. Sept. 12.— The District
Attorney here announced pub
licly this afternoon that he had
no evidence against Emma Gold
man and that unless some
turned up no requisition upon
the State of Illinois would be
made for her. This does not mean that
the bottom has dropped out of the con-
Epiracx theory. It simply means that no
evidence has yet been secured to connect
her with the. crime. . If she is released
she will be kept under the closest surveil-
Irnce, and it will be easy for the authori
ties to place their hands upon her if she
is wanted later.
There is a hope here, however, that
some way will be found to hold | her, at
least until investigations now in progress
by the secret service people in all the
principal cities where anarchist organiza
tions exist are completed. She was ar
rested wholly upon the responsibility of
the Chicago police under the general or
der sent out by Superintendent Bull to ap
prehend all persons who might have
knowledge of the attempted assassination.
While no evidence has been found against
the Goldman woman, the official is satis
fied that Caolgosz crossed her path and in
due time, it is believed, whatever connec
tion, if anv. there was between them will
be discovered. The secret service men
will trace Czolgosz's whereabouts back
step by step. One of the things which is
fU'fcired is a complete report of the lec
tures the President's assailant said in
spired him to commit the deed.
CONDITION AT CliOSE
OF THE SIXTH BAIT
Early in the Evening the Reports
Are Not Grave.
BUFFALO, Sept. 12.— Six days have
now elapsed since the President was shot
and this afternoon he complained some
what of fatigue. That was the only dis
quieting word which came from
tne sick room during the day.
The President had had a restful night, '
and the beef juice which the doctors gave
him last night had ' been relished "so
keenly that this morning he was given
solid food for the first time. He was
then bathed and enjoyed a bowl • of
chicken broth, toast .and coffee. He felt
eo good after this somewhat substantial
meal that he asked for a mild cigar. ¦
Dr. "McBurney, the head of the corps
of * attending physicians and surgeons;
was thoroughly satisfied with the pa
tient's condition and went to Xew York
at 1 o'clock to look after some urgent pri
vate affairs. His intention is to return
in a few days. Meanwhile he will keep
in constant touch with the Milburn house
and be prepared to come back at a mo
ment's notice. Secretary Hoot left on
the same train.
Secretaries Are Anxious.
Secretaries Wilson and Hitchcock
reached the Milburn house at 9:35 p. m.
At>yroadway and-. Mills - streets Charles
Zawadski has a idrug store' and '-'a' branch
ofthe-American Express Company. There
Dr. Saylin went- three -weeks'ago last Sat
urday, and by, means, of the long-distance
telephone, which' has a branch at the drug
store, talked to' Emma Goldman: who was
BUFFALO. Sept.- 12.— Dr. Isaac Saylin.
Emma Goldman's friend and- associate of
Leon Czolgosz, was arrested in Chicago
to-night. Dr.- Saylin 'is known- to have
been the adviser of -the man who acted
as' an agent of anarchists. E>r; Saylin in
turn, took "his" inspiration from the
"prophetess of . anarchy,"- Emma- Gold
man, t It" is in East \ Buffalo'- where . ; an
archy: thrives as it'does nowhere ' elso in
America, save perhaps in .Chicago, that a
trace ; was -found .01 . D'r.> 'Saylln* by -,the
correspondent of The .Call.-. • :¦-•--- . „
' Saylin in; the Toilsl
-:.. Most/. protested: that he, had committed
no crime and that all that k had happened
in '¦ his -newspaper were." simply opinions in
a new guise that had been printed and re
printed and ".voiced thousands of times in
the last. flfty\-,years ¦ ,._.::-.
poison, murder, etc. , so everything
should, be; employed against them. '»]
In 1867 he stoppedat Zurich, where Iis
fo.und,.work -at hi3 trade, and began the
Study - of anarchistic works. In 1868 he
went to Vienna, where at a great-gather
ing in the Funthaus suburb he made a
speech that drew upon him the denuncia
tions of • the press. His employer dis
charged him and he at once left the city
for a time.. On his return four months
later he was arrested and sentenced to a
term in prison. There he formed the ac
quaintance of Oberwlnder. BerkarScheu,
Pabst and others of the kind. He there
started his' first paper, a jail bulletin
called the Nutcracker, written in cipher
and circulated among his confreres. On
final trial he was sentenced to Luben
prison for five years at hard labor. -
On -his release be - was ¦ selected ; as a
.by the r socialistic leaders
and traveled' about making speeches and
distributing literature. ; On hi3 return to
He learned the trade of bookbinder and
availed himself of I the . opportunity thus
afforded of reading everything that came
in his way against religion and law.
In 1864, when 18 years old, he started
out to ¦ see the world > and "tramped"
through. Germany, . Austria. Hungary,
Switzerland- and Italy, being locked up at
GHessenas a vagrant.
His father was a small court official,
and the boy was given as good an educa
tion as be. would, take, but he early be
came "stage struck" and would .run off,
neglecting. everything to attend the plays.
"¦ A.- surgical operation on his Jawbone
when he was about 10 years old gave him
the peculiar swollen jawed - appearance
that 'so disfigures him and marred his
prospects of becoming an actor. He says
that his .trend toward anarchy -.began
when he. was a little over 10 years old, and
blames his . stepmother therefor.
Johann Most, who was arrested in New-
York yesterday, -was born In Augsburg,
Germany, . February 5, 1846. According to
his own account, he has been at war with
society ever since he was a boy, , and an
inmate of more prisons than any one else
on \he criminal records of any country
in the world.
Career of the Notorious Anarchist in
Many Countries.
MOST'S TTJBBTJLENT LITE.
HAS A FIGHTING
FOR LIFE
; MILBURN: HOUSE, BUF
FALO, Sept. 13.^-Mr. Milburn,
at &:4O a. m., toldW. H. Hiin
gerer,,;a Buffalo business man,
who called to see him, that .they
were encouraged by the develop
ments of the last half, hour and
that they thought ; the President
had a .fighting chance.; ;.'•"''
MOST AND DR. SAYLIN ARRESTED.
Continued From Page One.
CLEVELAND, Sept. i3, : -A
special train left for Buffalo at
5 125 ¦ o'clock this morning on
board • which were Senator
Hanna, Colonel Herrick and Mr.
¦McKinley Y sister. ' The! train
should reach Buffalo about 9
o'clock. - .. : .
I § WASHINGT ONf ; Sep.t." _-'- .1 3)
7^5 : ?--. 1 ii-r-A : telegram ?has just
been :, received- i at -the White
|^^^offi0ec'refar^Gpj^ym\
annpiuicmg:that;the conditionjojf
the President ' is ¦:< somewhat im
prbVed. ' Secretary Cortelyou
also telegraphs -that; the next. ' of
ficial,;bulletinfwill' be' "issued. la t 8
¦;MILBURN; HOUSE, ;BUF-
F^ LO^ ? e P t: }3' ;; 6:50 a/' m.^-
Shprtly -before 7 o'clock Abner
for' a:;short. time. • ': He says;'that
th 5 • President was then sleeping
anclhacl Been for some i time." '¦
I It- \vas_a confirmation that was
hardly, needed, fpr the « fact had
beeii established • by action that
needed no words.* •
fjj The newspaper correspondents
who had already sent warning q(
a 'serious change in the - Presi^
dent's conditions. rushed; to' the'
improvised; telegraph offices witn
the first bulletins. ¦ ' yP> •;
i Sept u. 3 . ;:id
?i;-ip.— Daylight brought a crowd
around the ifclburn residence: A
servant at the door announced
: -No changed' -The physicians
in attendance- and can be
observed "from the'street..:- . -
watchers' >tlie : - first- intimation 'of-.'
the ill "rie\ys frphi w ithiii: i: -.At." the
same moment new lights burned
within the Av.mdows of; the - Mli
l>tirh = residences 'Soon the .word
was; passed' out that. the President;
had ; partially '; collapsed; and w r as
critically ill.- • ¦'"¦ ¦ . ; . ; :
Shortly;after : 2o;clock the phy
sicians and nurses detected a
utes' play of lightning brought
rain in a heavy downpour. A
blustering w'ind;ble\vTupf l'tM jf the
west to complete the cheerless^
Another' thunderstorm^ came
out of the north and a few min-
Hope came once more to tht
breasts of those who had waited
for hours in anxiety. The phy
sicians parted for the night and
every sign was a cheering one.
There had been disquieting pulse
action for several hours but prac
tically all; of the unfavorable
symptoms had been linked with
the stomach trouble, and it was
thought that they would disap
pear with the removal of the
cause which was supposed to
create them. "The unofficial re
ports at i o'clock and at i :3O
o'clock were both of 'them of r a
satisfactory nature arid ¦ the
watchers gathered about- the
house prepared for an uninter
rupted night.
Secretary Cortelyou insisted
that the truth should be made
public. The doctors and the
bulletins themselves were telling
their unfortunate story too plain
ly. There was still hope that the
worn and weary patient would be
better in the morning, and at
midnight Secretary Cortelyou
said it was not probable that an
other bulletin would be issued
volume and intensity.
sengers, the telegraph and* tele-'
phone could carry, it. The re-:
storatives did not at? once prove >
effective and it was realized that
the President was. in ah extreme*
ly critical condition; " 'That . reali- r
zation,; with the shadow *bf -death ;
behind. it, led'to "anotlier.- call*ai\d '
that a summons to . th'e- -Gabiriet,
relatives and ' • close N personal ;
friends of- tslierPresident.^^;^.' >.•
The "messengers {who
with the doctprs^aiidaiiurses were,
hurried ' off after/^ those within
reach, and to ttiose?\vho were ai)^
seiif from the cfty'teiegrams con ;
veying. the pairifwl Jtiiclings were
quickly. transmitte;d by jtelegraph.
The scene_about:tli'e: house an'd;
in the storm-swept'street was dra
matic iii its action arid setting
and the spirit df/thet tragedy -was
on those who looked upon it. " A
messenger who- darted" into the
rain and was whisked : a way in an .
electric cab ' gave . the -outside
Action was immediate and de-.
cisive. ( Digitalis and strychnine
were administered and as a last
resort saline solution was in
jected intothe veins. •
. A general alarni went speed-;
ing to the consulting physicians;
and trained nurses as fast as mes :>
weakening of the heart action.
The pulse fluttered and weak
ened and .the- President sank
toward collapse.. The end ap
peared to be atdiandij Restora
tives Were speedily applied,, and
the physicians fought the battle
with all the reserve of science. . i
After the order was made out Dr. Say
liri offered his check for the amount. This
check was refused- by the druggist and
the order was destroyed. Saylln then
went to a friend named Pindrass. in
whose place of business there Is a sub
station of the Buffalo Postoffice. Pin
drass'cashed his check, and Dr. Saylin
then purchased' a postal money order for
$45. which was made payable to Emma
Goldman and which was cashed by her in
Rochester. .
His Check Refused.
then in Rophester. The conversation last
ed fifteen minutes, but of course it is im
possible to learn what subjects were un
der discussion. After using the telephone
Dr. . Saylln asked Zawadski to make out
an ' express money order for $45, the
amount to be paid to Emma Goldman in
Rochester. ':.}-_
It was believed then that the
opening of the bowels would
have the effect of allaying the
wild pulsations of the heart.
His pulse did drop to:- 120 and
the prospect was slightly
brighter.^ Bpt Awing to the
President's extreme weakness
arid fatigue, no ¦ attempt was
made to conceal. the serious ap
prehension'\vhich was felt. The
feeling of depression in
However, just before " mid
night, the President had two
operations of the bowels, which
relieved him very much and the
midnight bulletin was more fa
vorable. *i":
At 8:30 o'clock last night the
physicians announced officially
that the President's condition
was not so good. The prob
lem of disposing of the food in
the stomach \yas becoming a seri
ous one and the danger of heart
failure increased'.' As midnight
approached the situation was
growing critical. Calomel and
oil were given to flush the bowels
and digitalis to quiet the heart.
The staff of physicians, aug
mented by Dr. Stockton, who
had temporarily taken the place
of Dr. McBurney, was summon-:
ed early in the evening and there
was a conference.
and cheerful that his complaints
were regarded seriously. The
pulse was abnormally high, 126
beats to the minute. With a
temperature of 100.2 it should
have been thirty beats lower. The
weakness of the heart began to
arouse serious concern. In
stead of growing better the con
dition was steadilv worse.
spoke of the President's fatigue?
Mr. McKinley, already weak
from the ordeal of the tragedy
and suffering, complained of an
increasing feeling of fatigue. He
had theretofore been so buovant
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL f FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 13,, 19O1.
Continued on Page Three.
2
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
STEB3XIZED BARBER SHOP.
A Famous Shop in the Carrollton. 'So-
-'*¦' tel, Baltimore, Maryland.
The barber shop In the Carrollton Ho-
tel, Baltimore, sterilizes everything: it'
uses in the shop. The sterilizing: is don* (
by heat. The towels, the razors, the
strops, the soap, the combs and brushes
are all sterilized before being used on a
customer. "Where there is no sterilization
have the barber use Newbro's Herpicide.
It kills the dandruff germ and it I3 an
antiseptic for the scalp and for the face
after shaving. All leading barbers every-
where appreciate these potent facts about
Herpicide, and they use it. "Destroy the
cause, you remove the effect."
Oppression, SaSocation, Neuralgia, etc, cared t>y
ESPIG'S CIGAHETTES.or POWDER
Parts, J. ESPIC ; New York, B. FOUOERA & CO.
SOLD BY ALL DRUGGISTS • V
BAJA CAlll FORN lA
Damiana Bitters
|S A GREAT RESTOltATIVE, 1NV1GOKA-
¦ tor and Nervine.
_Tbe most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonlo for the Sexual Organs, for both sexes. .
! The Mexican Kexnedy for Diseases of the Kid-'
ney» and Bladder. Sells on its owa merits. ¦ -
NABER.A1.FS & ERU.NE, Agenta.
an Market at.. S. F.— (Send for CUculara.> -
£**, D H tk ¦ jd& Rifles, Ammunition, Flsh-
I "I BraC fc."! niT Tackle. Sportlnsr. Out»-
l_|| §%* ing- Goods. Largest Stock.
9 B S 9 B W W ¦ Lowest - Prices.- Send foe
\LM <%J> J y *W* Catalogue and Job Slw-t.
* BttAaVS & 4 dA3SA CO-
739Markct. 511Kcwn»Continued From Page Two.
Eugene Dias.
: PARIS, Sept 12.— Eugene Dia», ¦ the
composer. Is dead. • . _ .
Population of Utah.
¦ WASHINGTON\Sept. 12.— A census bul
letin-issued .to-dayv shows that Utah's
population* consists pf 141,637 males , and
135,062 females." , Utah has , 53,777 " foreign
born "and -4284 colored persons.
The Building; Trades" Council and the
Cement Workers' Union of California both
have adopted: appropriate sets' of resolu
tions tendering their heartfelt sympathy
f or President McKinley and his devoted
wife and expressing the deepest indigrha-
HE ARTTELT SYMPATHY ,
' FOB. MBS. McXINXEY
Appropriate Besolutions* Are Adopted
by Building 1 Trades Council and '.
the Cement Workers.
MILBURN g HOUSE, BUFFALO; Sept.
13.— Telegrams have, been/forwarded to
Vice .President Roosevelt ." notifying , him
of the, sudden change for the worse in
the President's condition and . the -. fears
that are entertained. . . . . \ L . .
SARATOGA, N. Y., Sept. 13.— Vice Pres
ident Roosevelt reached the V ' Tahawus
Club :.in the Adirondacks, ninety-three
miles north of Saratoga, at 7 o'clock' last
night. .•.>..• / v ... t - . .-¦
JRoosevelt Is Summoned.
..WASHINGTON, -Sept. 12.-Postmasters
commissioned: California— George "W.
Caldwell, Pucnte: WiHiani ; Lane, Tia
Juana. 'Oregon— Henry- Schadewitz, Kent;
Gideon Sowers, Splcer. Postmasters ap
pointed: California— E. T. Cortner, Auck
land; Tulare County, vice :W. H. Owen
resigned ; E. F. Auld, . Auld, Riverside
County, vice George Auld, deceased.
"Washington— Irene .Bockover, Oxford,
Chehalis County, vice S. L,. Brown, re
signed 1 ; T. M. Allen, Enterprise, Whatcom
County, vice Robert Shields, resigned ;'B
W.Owens, Mackln. Pierce .County, .vice
H. E. Guthrie, resigned; Tenthe Murphy,
Reedvllle, -Kitsap County, vice. Thomas
McGleen, resigned. r, . '. ¦
¦¦¦' Pensions granted: California— Increase-
James - R.: Blakeman, Veterans' Home
Napa, $12; George W. Green, Los Angeles,
$10; < Joseph N. Alexander, Trinidad,: $8;
Conrad Keeley (dead), -Modesto, $10;
Thomas D. Hamilton, Colton, $50. -Wid
ows—Ann L. Keeley, Modesto, $12; Lucy
Jane Walterman, Oroville, , $8.', . . i •
Oregon— Jamer. W. Harden, Silvertoh, $8.
S Washington— Increase— Michael . ¦¦ -.. Breit
kreutz, : Ancertes, $12; . T. Warren, Orting
$12. •-/';--¦--«." ; •"¦ -'¦¦'> ¦,.:¦¦ . ¦•¦ ¦ -¦.¦¦¦¦¦
Of Interest to People of thV'Co'ast
BUFFALO, Sept. 12.— Abner McKinley,
Colonel Brown, his business partner, and
Lieutenant James McKinley. the Presi
dent's nepnew, remained at the house dur
ing the anxious hours of the evening.
Lieutenant McKinley only reached the
city to-day from' California, where he is
stationed. After the gratifying intelli
gence in the midnight bulletin was con
veyed to them they immediately left the
house for the night and .went to their
hotels Secretary Cortelyou announced
after the bulletin had been announced
that he did not look for any further pub
lic statement from the physicians during
ll Th" <cene on the corner across from the
MUburn house when Secretary Cortelyou
hroucbt out the midnight bulletin was im
nrf««Tive A hundred newspaper men,
keved up to a high tension, and twice that
number of anxious watchers, who had
ben aiarrred by the 8:30 o'clock bulletin,
nested everywhere throughout the city,
were gathered under the gaslight in front
of the white tents erected for the accom
modation of the newspaper men. - ,-<_•¦
Above the suppressed tones . of the
watchers the only sound was the click of
the telegraph instruments inside. Out of
the gloom into the circle of light came
the P-fesident's secretary, accompanied by
Mr Milburn. The secretary was imme
fiiatelv surrounded- He distributed words
of encouragement with the little type
written clips on which the bulletin was
tc.cr UO(3
' "The President has responded to medi
"«al treatment and is better," he said.
The cheering news broke the tension of
< half-night'e anxious vigil. '
After liss than a half -hour's walk Sec-
IMPRESSIVE SCENE
•^ AT MXLBUBN EOTTSE
Incidents at Midnight Before the
Most Serious Bulletins Were
Issued.
"It is not sympathy for a ruler, but
sympathy for the man— the man who suf
fers, the wife 1 who suffers. -By what I
have said I do not mean to retract other
statements I have made of my opinion o/
the President. As a President my opinion
of Mr. McKinley is not high. Last winter
I nursed back to health a woman who
was an intimate friend of a 1 Philadelphia
detective on wnose testimony I served a
term of seven months in 1893. The officer
met me unexpectedly, and in affright
begged me not to revenge myself upon the
woman for the suffering, he had caused
me. I told him he did not understand
anarchy, but he understands now, for
never was woman more tenderly nursed
than was this friend of my persecutor." •'
Miss Goldman denied that there I was
such a thing as a constitution by which
anarchists were governed. - '
"If I were not in jail and if the people
about the President ' would let me, . I
would nurse, and nurse him well., .To me
the President is simply a sick man; lam
a trained nurse, and I have the sympathy
of a woman, the sympathy of an an
archist for suffering mankind. I- would
not be an anarchist, I could not be, with
out sympathy. • -_ .
"The gentlemen seem to be coming to
their senses." She then said: "I would
nurse the President of this country ' as
I would a hard working man, whose
hands were soiled with toil. - .-, •.-,:"
CHICAGO, Sept. 12. — Emma Goldman,
the anarchist • agitator arrested Tuesday,
spent a comfortable night, and was ex
tremely cheerful when she arose to-day.
She was not allowed to see the newspa
pers, but when told that the tenor of the
dispatches indicated a lack of evidence
against her she smiled and said:
EMMA GOLDMAN NOW .
IN A CHEEBFTJX MOOD
Anarchist Says She Sympathizes
With the Suffering Chief of the
Nation.
They seemed anxious for personal assur
ances as to the condition of the Presi
dent and when they left their carriage,
they hurried into the house. The spirits
of the little coterie which Secretaries
Hitchcock and Wilson formed in "the
drawing room in the Milburn house was
visibly depressed, although the assurance
of E>r Mann that the President's condi
tion would be better in the morning did
something toward settling the apprehen
sion they could not conceal.
At 9:45 o'clock Mr. and Mrs. Abner Mc-
Kinley and Dt. and. Mrs. Baer. who had
arrived shortly after 8 o'clock, left the
house. Mr. McKinley assisted his wife to
a carriage and returned to the house.
"When asked if there was anything he
wished to eay as to tire condition of the
President he replied jn the negative.
•Further Resolved, That we tender our heart
felt sympathy, to President William McKinley
and his. devoted wife, and - fervently pray for
the President's speedy recovery from his • cruel
wounds and. that he live to achieve- American
greatness and the world's sum of hannlnpss
JOHN PYGEORGE. WILLIAM BEST T
K. RYAN, JOHN SAUTER, O. A. TVEIT
MOE, Committee. .'•.-». "
Resolveii, By the Cement Workers' Union of
California, in regular session assembled that
we express the deepest indignation at this
atrocious crimt and that all attempts upon
the life of the' President of -the. United' States
should be. punished as treason against the re
public, and be It
Whereas., It has come to our knowledge- that
the Chief Executive of the nation has been
stricken down by a cruel blow from the hand
of an anarchistic assassin, and.
Whereas. We, as American citizens,' irre
spective of party affiliation or religious belief
consider the attempted assassination of the
President of the United - States at the Pan-
American . Exposition in Buffalo on September
6 as a dastardly attack, on our free govern
ment and a foul crime against every citizen -of
the republic. Therefore, be It ; - ;
Whereas, The Building Trades Council of
San Francisco has learned with sincere regrets
ot the attempted assassination of the chief
magistrate of the nation at the hands of a
vile anarchist, and whereas, we recognize that
the assassins bullet was aimed at our free
and popular government and against every
citizen who owes allegiance to our flag, there
fore be It .
Resolved, By the members of the Buildlne
Trades Council of San Francisco in regular
session assembled that we hereby express our
deepest Indignation at this atrocious and hor
rible crime, and it is hereby 7 *
Resolved. That all attempts upon the life of
the President of the United States should be
punishable as treason, and be it further
Resolved, That we tender our heartfelt sym
pathy to the President and his devoted wife
and earnestly and fervently pray for the Presi
dent s speedy recovery from his cruel wounds
and that he may escape from the shadow of
death with all his grand faculties unimpaired
in order that he may spend his life as the
true American to complete what h'e has nobly
advanced— American greatness and the world's
sum of happiness. p. H. MCCARTHY.
President Building Trades - Council.
O. A. TVEITMOE, Secretary.
The following are the resolutions
adopted by the Cement Workers:
tion at the attempted assassination.
The resolutions of the Building Trades
Council are as follows: ,
retary Cortelyou and Mr. Milburn re
turned to the house. Soon afterward the
lights in the lower part of the house,
which shortly before were burning bright
ly, were put out, except in the drawing
room, which for the time being is used
by Mr. Cortelyou for. official purposes.
Members of the bar as officers of the court
should be loyal to the court. Where there is
a fair reason for believing the Judge is acting
Improperly it is the duty of the -bar to declare
it openly, but a member of the bar is faith
less, to his high calling when he assails a
Judge and impeaches his integrity upon no
facts even remotely justifying the attack, but
upon vague suspicion and unfair innuendo.
That these and many of the charges against
Judge Humphreys to which allusion has been
madewern nreferred by members of his own
court clearly shows the difficulties of. his posi
tion and -the severity of the ordeal through
Wiich be has passed. It Is obvious that the
task will not be an easy one,, and where Judges
selected by you discharge their - duties with
courage and integrity and reasonable ability
they. i should be sustained, even though they
mar>*n attempting to solve the difficult prob
lems which present' themselves at times err.'
some consideration must be had for the diffi
culty of their position.
Having fully considered the complaint!
against Judge Humphreys and his answer
thereto. I am entirely satisfied that not only
the Judge - has done nothing which would jus
tify his removal, but that he has met heavy
responsibilities with treat courage and * un
questioned intecrity; I therefore recommend
that the petition for his . removal be denied..
In conclusion the Attorney General says
The conclusion reached is that Judge
Humphreys has done nothing which
would justify his removal. The Attorney
General finds that some of the charges
were not satisfactorily established,- and
as to the others that they were purely
matters of innuendo, utterly without jus
tification in fact and reckless and intem
perate in spirit. ,
WASHINGTON, Sept. 12.-Attorney
General Knox has concluded his investi
gation of the charges filed by the Bar
Association of the Hawaiian Islands,
against Abram S. Humphreys, first Judge
of the Circuit Court of the First Judicial
District of Hawaii. He has prepared his
findings and will submit them to the Pres
ident as soon as practicable. : : . .
Circuit Judge Hum
phreys Is Attacked
. Without Cause, y
LEO RASSIEUR, COMMANDER IN CHIEF OF THE GRAND ARMY OF
THE REPUBLIC, WHO DELIVERED A SPIRITED ADDRESS AT THE
ANNUAL ENCAMPMENT AT CLEVELAND, OHIO, YESTERDAY.
3f duty to those who saved this country
will be belittled while this country has
hundreds of millions of dollars to engage
in a'humanitarian war in the interests of
the down-trodden of other countries."
Senator Hauiey announced his intention
)f fighting any attack made upon Commis
sioner Kvans. He expressed the fullest
xmudence in the administration to rectify
who will faithfully execute the duties of
the office in obedience to the laws of Con
gress."
The next place of meeting will be de
cided at to-morrow's session of the con
vention. The Woman's Relief Corps is
in a prosperous condition, the treasurer's
report showing a total in all funds of $12
140. with no liabilities.
FAILURE OF HEART ACTION CAUSES CONDITION OF McKINLEY TO GROW ALARMING
, LEVELAND, Sept. 12.— The first
/l^ day of the National Convention of
ll.' the Grand Army of the Republic
was taken up with the reading of
the reports by the commander in
chief, adjutant general, chaplain and the
various committees. The proceedings of
the convention were prefaced with the
adoption of a resolution offered by Gen
eral Daniel Sickles tendering to the Pres
ident the affectionate congratulations of
the Grand Army of the Republic upon his
rapid convalescence. The. resolution was
embodied in a telegram, which was im
me<lia.tely sent to Mr. McKinley at Buf-
The commander in chief, Leo Rassieur,
devoted a large part of his annual ad
dress to the matter of pensions.
"Without any effort," ¦, he said, on the
part of the organization or its officers to
give the pension problem any undue
prominence the subject has overshadowed
all others and has called for more atten
tion and thought in the past year than
all other questions which concern us.
He criticized the administration orthe
Pension Bureau and demanded ' the hon
est and fair administration of laws
which are already on the statute books.
Continuing, he said:
"If an officer's lawlessness, recklessness
and boldness go to such extreme length
as to lead him to override and ignore a
plain and unmistakable order, indicating
the line of his duty, under the law. com
ing from his superior officer, the Secretary
of the Interior, what can the poor and
helpless old soldier expect at his hand3
when he is claiming to exercise his dis
cretion under the law? The exercising of
his discretion cannot possibly result in
anything else in most of the cases than
a positive denial of the benefits prescribed
?by the law." -'
After adverting to the Importance of
judicial assistance in the administration
of the Pension Bureau and answering ob
jections to the G. A. R. bill, having this
object in view, the commander in chief
added:
"We cannot conceive that the measure
¦The number of Protestant Christians in
Ceylon 'has increased in fifteen years from
446,780 to 753,641. ., , . \ -.
ho anxiety .to succeed , President Sam, but
it. Is said that' he will be unable to resist
the demand 'when ;thre movement against
Sam crystallizes. Fouchard is now in
Kingston, Jamaica, where he went after
leaving "President" Sam's Cabinet. The
President : was ¦ so .greatly incensed that
Fouchard was obliged to' seek an asylum
in the United States consulate at Port-au-
Prince.- - . -
-In Hayti the President is elected by the
members of ' the 'National Assembly, the
members being chosen by the people. His
term of office is for seven years, and he
is. -not-eligible-for-re-electlon -until a pe
riod of seven years has intervened. Those
who insist- that -President- Sam shall va
cate on. May 15 next point to a clause in
the - constitution in support of their de
mand,' and say that its intention is that
NAVAL SURGEON STONE
WEDS HEALDSBURG MISS
Marriage of Dr. Mack Voorhees Stone
and. Miss Edna Biddle Is
.-" ".,-'¦-¦ Solemnized.
j HEALDSBURG, Sept. 12.— The marriage
of Miss, Edna Biddle and Dr. Mack Voor
hees Stone, U. S. N., was solemnized at
noon j yesterday in the Presbyterian
church/ The Rev. J. G Burgess per
formed-the ceremony.
Miss Josephine Lindley of San Francisco
was majd of honor and Miss Elaine Davis
of Santa Rosa and Miss" Mildred Mat,hews
of Healdsburg were the bridesmaids.
Lieutenant J. P. Morton, U. S. N., offi
ciated as best man, and the ushers were
Lieutenant Y. Foote, United States Ma
rine Corps; Lieutenant Edwin Jonas,
United States Marine Corps; Lieutenant
T. Kearney. U. S. N.; Chester E. Biddle,
brother of the bride; Wald J. Stone,
brother of the groom, and Dr. William G.
Moore of -San Francisco.
.•After the ceremony a reception was
held at the home of the bride's parents,
Dr. and Mrs. E. W. Biddle.
Dr Stone and his bride left this after
noon for a trip through Southern Califor
nia, where they will spend their honey
moon. They will reside at Mare Island,
where Dr. Stone is stationed.
KNOX DECLARES
CHARGES UNTRUE
Resolved. That we denounce in language un-~
measured all lawless and riotous acts of any
man or set of men, and be it further .--. *.
Resolved, That we as law-abiding citizens of
the United States of America condemn and
despise the , attitude of any 'periodical which
adopts the method of holding up. to ridicule
and contempt th(* President - of . the United
States, and we hold ' such . periodicals in part
responsible for the riotous actions and murder
ous attacks made upon citizens In -striking dis
tricts. f.~£ ¦¦'¦ . ; ; . •: . ¦ , :
Resolved, That wo, the members of 'the Re
tall Clerks' International Protective Associa
tion, Local 128, of San Jose, Cal., in special
meeting assembled, denounce the cruel, wan
ton and dastardly attack made on the life of
our much loved ' President, William McKinley.
on Friday. September 6. 1901. at Buffalo, N.
.y., and we fervently hope that his life may be
spared, and we respectfully extend to Mrs.
McKinley, the wife of the President, our most
sincere sympathy in this her saddest trial, and
we pray our heavenly Father may watch over
and Drotect them rrom all harm forever. Be
it further ~ -¦ >- ~
SAN JOSE. Sept. 12.— The Retail Clerks'
Association of this city, at a special meet
ing this evening, which ¦was largely at
tended, adopted resolutions ' denouncing
the attack upon thelife of President Mc-
Kinley and extending its sympathy to
Mrs.' McKinley. "Yellow" journalism was
held in part responsible for the attack of
Czoigosz and was severely condemned, as
were all anarchists and their followers.
The resolutions follow: , .
The roll was numerously signed by the
veterans who have been in camp. for the
past ten days and whose exercises have
all savored :of the same feeling since the
day of the assault on the person of the
President.
To-night there was formed at- the. camp
grounds of the Veterans' ;Assbciation, of
Loyal Americans, "of : which association
all. truly loyal Americans may, become
members under .such conditions as. may
hereafter be prescribed, and who will
pledge. themselves with us under. oath to
use every endeavor to procure the passage
of a law expelling from the United States
all persons known'or shown, to be '.or who
asknowledge themselves to be anarchists."
The closing address was by W. W. "Bow
ers, Collector of the Port. of San Diego,
who after devoting a few minutes to the
encampment and its success 7 turned '.his'
attention to the crime at Buffalo' which
had come so near cutting short all the
pleasures of the encampment- here'/ He
declared that it is the auty of the United
States to handle the anarchist question.
"There is no -middle ground," he said..
"Either the Government must succumb or
the anarchist murderers be driven out.
We might take Czoigosz and his pistol
and drown them in the depths of the sea
and 'only the two instruments of the as
sassins would be disposed of, while the
real assassins would escape unscathed.
The real assassins are not only, the ack
nowledged anarchists, but they ¦ are "the
men and women of the 'yellow' journals
who inflame the ignorant mind by attacks
upon the Government' which protects
them. These are the real assassins with
whom we have to deal, and the man \vlio
in any way supports, sustains or approves
of the vicious brutes is. an accessory and
colleague of the assassins.". ".-"*• -<ji -..'"« ..
SAN DIEGO,' S^pt. 'll— The closing, ex
ercises of the encampment of the f South
ern Cali£>rnia Veterans' ¦ Association ; were
held' this afternoon, though .the encamp
ment does not close until. to-morrow even
ing, when the tents* will be struck and the
officers and veterans : jvill depart for
their' homes scattered all -over -Southern
California, Addresses-: were made by..* the"
retiring 'commander of the* association^ C.
B. Hamilton, and:- by the :. commander
elect, D. G. Mitchell, and his subordinate
officers; also b^ retiring President Lillian
M. Harris of the Woman's Auxiliary; and
the president elect, Mrs. Lina "Brady. ' .' ••
Special Dispatch to The Call.
• . ¦ » . . .-¦/¦'¦•,• ;
Retail • Clerks in San < Jose
Give Voice "to Denunr - i
¦; =¦". ;: ' : •'!.¦¦.¦: ciatio'n.' -"¦¦/: ¦'¦-. -:r^-:-\ .
' REDWOOD -CITY. Sept. 12.— Harry
.Hammei; the safeblower, who last Thurs
day pleaded guilty to the charge of hav :
ing rdbbed the. postofllce in San Mateo,
will" have to face an additional accusa
tion of attempted jail breaking. It is un
derstood that he will plead guilty to this
also when arraigned next Friday.
, Hammei was arrested in Sacramento on
August 25-jand immediately brought to
this place and lodged in the County Jail.
On the night of Augnst 31 he tore the
plaster from the ceiling of his cell and set
fire to the laths, hoping to burn his way
out, or in the confusion "of a general "fire
to., make his escape. Jailer Kelly,, who
sleeps in the jail, discovered the -fire and
extinguished it. Hammei. was' then, re
moved to the steel-lined tank, where he
has been confined ever since. > . ' . ¦
' The facts regarding the attempt to
break jail became public for.theflrst time
yesterday, when the information against
Hammei was filed. . . : ,. . : -,
HAMMEIi TRIES TO
BREAK FROM PRISON
Sim ;Mateo . Postoffice Robber Must
:'¦¦ Now Face an Additional
v- .':¦:" "Accusation.
3 NEW YORK, Sept. 12.— Again the. polit
ical : horizon in HaytMs becoming cloudy,
"according.' tbrfelfable* inf ormaf io*n received
in ; this city from Port-au-Prince; There
are- strong indications of- another-revolu
.tion-it Tiresias Augustine Simon Sam, the
'President, who ' on 'March 31,' 1896, was'
ielected. fdr'-a term of, seven years and
whose 'retirement- is to take place on'May
i'15, 1902, -holds, to his avowed intention, to
-protfact the" date 1 - of 'his "retirement' until
!May 15, 1903. ~ - • ; '
i All Hayti is raid to be- in a state "of un
rest -because -o£-th4s-announeement,-and -It
he adheres to»:t ft is said another revolu
tion-is-srure-to follow.- — ~*TTT — I", " V
' Callisthemes Fouchard.one of the ablest
¦« men Hayti has produced, is said to be the
j choice for successor. He has expressed
President Sam Is Placing His Wires to Prolong His Constitutional Term of
; ¦: Offifce Beyond the Seven Year Limit and the .Brewing Dissatisfaction
¦ May Gulminatein an ; Uprising of the People of the Island Against Him
the functions of the President cease on
the 15th of May of the sixth year.
Sam having entered upon the duties of
his office immediately on March 31, 1S96.
for him to remain in office until May 15,
1903, would be for him to retain the place
for a fcmger time than seven years, for
which period he was elected. Adherents
of the President in the National Assem
bly passed a decree in 1S96 announcing
that his term ¦ of office would not expire
until May 15, 1903. and it is upon this that
the claim is based.
It is said that there are now In New
Tork two prominent Haytians negotiating
a. large loan for that Government. If they
manage to obtain the monejr it ' Is said
that it' will be largely devoted to aiding
President Sam in carrying out his plan to
retain his present office for another year.
SAN FRANCISCO GIBE
CHRISTENS A SCHOONER
New Vessel Alpena, Built for tha
Coast Trade, Launched at Port'
• Blakeley.
TACOMA. Sept. 12.— At Hall Brothers'
shipyard at Port Blakeley yesterday aft
ernoon was' launched the new schooner
Alpena, built for J. H. Baxterj a lumber
man and vessel owner of San Francisco.
Several -Sound shipping men are interest
ed* in her with Baxter. Her captain' will
be George S. Birkholm of San Francisco.
The Alpena was christened by Miss G. '^1.
Billings of San Francisco, daughter of
George E. Billings, who manages the Cal
ifornia end of Hall Brothers' shipbuilding
works. The vessel is named In honor of
the . town' in Michigan where Baxter
formerly lived. She has a net tonnage of
833 tons, with carrying capacity of 1,200,000
feet of ¦• lumber. - Her dimensions are:-
Length. 206 feet; breadth, 81 feet.' depth
of hold. 16% feet- She makes the one hun
dred and first vessel built by Hall Broth
ers during the last " f ony years and tha
seventeenth built at Port Blakeley. •
HAYTI'S POLITICAL HORIZON CLOUDED
WITH SIGNS OF COMING REVOLUTION
A writer in the Public Library Bulletin
says that the first free public library ever
established was that of Petersboro, N. H.,
in 1799. . - • •
Sensational Journalism
Held Responsible ;
; for Crime. '•
VETERANS BLAME
YELLOW PAPERS
THE S;OT FRAN CISCO^^C^
Commander in Chief Rassieurof the Grand Army of the Republic Which Is
Holding Its Session in Cleveland Strongly Denounces the System as
It Is at Present Being Operated- and Demands New Administrdtion
COMMISSIONER OF PENSION BUREAU
INCURS THE CENSURE OF VETERANS
any existing evils In due time and coun
seled moderation In the convention. ; It
was thought to-night that the majority
of delegates were in accord with Senator
Hawley's views. Definite action, •¦ it is
said, probably will be taken in reference
to the matter at to-morrow's session of
the convention. - ¦ . -
The majority report criticizes the pres
ent-pension system as much, If no't more,
than it does the Commissioner. The minor
ity report states that it Is openly charged
that the pension roll is saturated with
fraud and contains thousands and thou
sands of names not entitled to the bounty
of the Government and recommends that
the President be petitioned, "now that the
term of office of the present Commissioner
has expired, to appoint a successor, of
known integrity, capacity and fidelity,
3
Broken Lots at Broken Prices
Even in the best of regulated stores there are times when assortment?;* become j
broken. The goods arc generally sold at a slight reduction, but it takes quite a while to
do it. ; - » . .. . *
Not so here. We have reduced every broken lot of suits worth.from $10.00 to $15.00 to |
$6.55 and overcoats to $5.55. • ' .
You get the profit and even more, but we profit by making new friends, pleasing i
the old ones and disposing of the broken lines. It doesn't take a philosopher to see that !
"this is better than carrying the goods over and selling them whenever possible. , i
The suits are medium weight cheviots and worsteds in desirable patterns, j % IVj '
fhe overcoats are light covert top coats in swell, dressy shades. r
This is the money-back store first, last and always for customers who are not pleased.' j
Could we afford to extend such a privilege if the clothes .were not actually reduced as j
we say?"" " ' . :
Suits $6^55 Top Cpats $5.55
'$l Youth's Suit at a Boy's Price j
We will frankly admit that we do not sell as much youths' cloth- I
wls^G , ing as our immense stock, warrants. It is. with this fact in view that I
'^jffj' we are making exceptional specials to enliyen the youths' department. ¦
-^jffl^TJl^ The clothing is our own make and we guarantee it. The values here !
>^HiHlili mentioned areas we .'claim. Money-back awaits a displeased cus-
J^^^HBlfffil lift The suits are; ' f^ n and winter weight Odds and ends from various lines in
ffiiilnllNllllHlHi -tweeds and cheviots in single and the children's department, comprising
ViraLlitn^WVlHw ? oubIe breasted sacks: the ages are sailors. vestees, norfolks, Russian
' <^BS»fflBS8»l«'lil ill/ ' from I2 to I9 y ears ; former selling blouses and two-piece suits which sold
Pr ' C "' $I( ?-°°'. $ I2 -5° and. $15.00; the from' $4.00 to $8.00, are being closed
¦ IflfflflttHfW . A- full line of boys* and youths' Boys' knee pants, extra value, oOc a
** iSlllflfflfJlwf sweaters in swell patterns have just ar- pair.
iflniy/fflBffflf -rived, $1.00, $1.50, $2.00. , Boys' percale shirt waists, ages 4 to
JuNfJw/ HfllMf / so sweaters f° r I'ttk tots f rom 3 I0 . 25c each.
iMw/BliB * to 6 years, $1.OO, $1.5O. ' Boys' extra heavy, double-knee ho-
Nffw ; RlnR * Large assortment of Mother s siery, 2oc a pair.
I : llwJ'Xin Friend'^ shirt-waists, ages 4 to 12, Boys' golf caps, extra value, 25c
mHflf lills! ' prices 50c, 75c, $1.00. each.
II HI f% V% \ \ A fi*\ d*\ EtHaT*^ /%v Out-of-town op- ;
H '>HL V^*/ll - VWUf f I D fa) m i i^s P for anythi^T in
IH ¦ lMfcy • V>"ff > # ? Y "*__*~ 'rrr : :-y9i . H V# men ' s orboys' cloth- ;
En ,' 4a ¦ •* * ¦ *-S ing, furnishings op-
;•'- ; :/.^f"-' -V -T; '-; v ' '"-/: 718 Market Street. ¦ "hats.:MEMBER OF BOARD OF INQUIRY EXCUSED FROM SERVICE AND TWO PROMINENT WITNESSES.
AmongvThpse Mentioned as
Successor to Howison
Are Miller and Ramsay
REAR ADMIRAL
WHO MAY BECOME
MEMBER OF COURT
: Being : questioned aa to his statement
concerning . Spon's testimony, the admiral
replied thathe not only did not remember
Spon's face, but said that he had no rec
ollection whatever of the Incident coh
cerning, which that witness had testified.
"I tried while he was sitting here," the
admiral said, ."to remember if I had ever
The court granted permission and the
examination proved to be one of the most
interesting features of the day's proceed
ings. R-iynor pressed his question persist
ently, but the .-admiral did not at any
time compromise in his contention that he
was competent to sit as a Judge in this
inquiry. Before the questioning began
Admiral .Howisoc. remarked that he did
not desire to go into, any private discus
8ion, to which Raynor replied: "I will not
go into any private matters at all, ad-
I miral, but tho matter of whether or not
you had those conversations with these
gentlemen is one which we -will have to
go into. I will net encroach at all on any
thing that is improper. I will be very
careful about ..that, because this Is no im
peachment of your capacity or integrity
either. It is merely a question of whether
your mind is made up on certain subjects
fin connection with this matter."
He then asked the admiral concerning
'Frost's statement that he (Howison) had
said that Admiral Sampson deserved the
credit for winning the battle of Santiago
"I want to know, . ho added, "whether or
not you ever said that to Mr. Frost."
"Maybe I did," the admiral replied, re
flectively, and continued: "If he was com
mander in chie'-i-probably did say so— not
only to Mr. Frost, but to "others. I am
merely talking now of the nai'y orders
and regulations • and the , customs and
commands of the service."
Assistant Judge Advocate Hanna as a
further part of the admiral's reply, read
his letter of explanation to Assistant Sec
retary Hackett, made public some days
r-go. '.:¦..
. Raynor asked permission to interrogate
Admiral Howisonr- -<• • ¦
I Eincerely hope that during- the examination
of my eligibility for membershio should there
be any doubtful points in the minds of the
unobjected to- members of this court that all
such> r.oints be decided In favor of Admiral
Schley, who is the one most particularly con
cerned in the investigation to follow. I .will
accept my detachment, as I have my orders
for this duty, as an officer should.
I have no personal f eelings and no personal
interests in the matters to come before the
court escept the interests I have for the grood
of the service. I have great faith in the im
partiality and justice of naval officers serv
ing on courts and sincerely hope that the re
sults obtained may be satisfactory to our navy
and country. Respectfully, •
H..L. HOWISON, Rear Admlr.il. TJ. S. N.
I do not propose to enter Into the subject of
my private discussions. I do not wish 'to re
call for the information of the public what has
been said to me by acquaintances. In fact, it
would be a difficult task to perform. Private
utterances are not lonjf retained, particularly
when there is no personal Interest in the mat
ters under discussion.
These orders were not sought ty me nor are
they agreeable ones, but I have been taught'
obedience to all lawful orders by my Ions
service In the navy.
I desire to say that I am, 'as you know, here
to obey the orders or the department to re
port" to you for duty as a member of this
court.* It Is not optional with me to obey or
net obey these orders. • My commission re
quir2s obedience.
Mr. Sron s statement. is one I cannot father.
I positively do not remember his face at all.
Mr. Frost's face Is familiar, although I have
not eeen.hlm for two years or more, and Mr.
Spon, by his own. statement. Only last Octo
ber. Mr. Nichols did call at my house at
Yonkers on a very hot day on his own busi
ness. He would not take "no admittance"
for an answer, and during his stay he did
discius with me several naval matters, among
which was the Sampson-Schley rnuch-talked-of
affair. Our talk was short, as I desired him
to leave me in peace.
Mr. President and Gentlemen: In reply to
the objection to me as a member of this court,
I submit a copy of- my personal letter to the
Hon. F. W. Hackett, which has been made
public ty the Navy Department.
Mr. Frost. I think, is answered in this letter
above referred to. • - - • - '
Special Dispatch. to Tht Call.
GALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET,
N.WV, WASHINGTON, Sept. 12.
•^Acting Secretary Hackett late
1n the afternoon upon, receiving
formal notice from the judge ad
vocate of the action of the court
' • relieved Rear Admiral Howison
from duty as a. member, and immediately
designated his successor by sending a
telegram to another efficer of the rank of
rear admiral, assigning him to duty.
' Hacke.tt was asked to-night if he would
make public i the • name of the officer • se
lected. . • \ ¦ ,¦:.
"That might not be fair to the court,"
he responded. "Courtesy to Admiral
Dewey and Rear - Admiral -Benham re
quires me to first acquaint them with th«
name of the officer, who shall serve '<•
their associate. If Admiral Dewey chooses
to. make name public when he is in-
£ ° r . me^. of it. that is a different matter.:'.
The list of officers from whom Hackett
selected Rear Admiral Howison's succes
sor was short.- Naval officers who fere
usually well informed expressed a belief
that Rear Admiral Joseph Miller, retired,
now in New York, is the one appointed.
; Others whose names are mentioned and
who would be acceptable to .Admiral
Schley are Rear Admiral. S. James E.
Jpvett, retired; George Brown.. retired; F.
M. Ramsay, retired, and N. H. Farque
sar, chairman of the Lighthouse Board,
detail the circumstances leading up to the
publication. ; . . •
j On cross-examination the witness was
shown -the precept and was asked, by So
licitor Hanna if Admiral Howison had ex
pressed, an opinion on the point In the pre
cept. -The, witness thought he had not, as
many points in the precept were not in
volved in the conversation. The witness
adhered, strictly , to his first statement, g
On re-direct examination Raynor asked:
I .'What Was .'Admiral Howison's manner
during.hls conversation with you ?'.'
„;. "He. spoke of Schley in what I would
call a sneering, manner,", replied the wit
ness.'.- " ¦-.¦..-- - ;:..: ¦¦•.- : ¦
There had been no. announcement of the
names" of witnesses who would be intro
duced to substantiate Frost's testimony
as to Admiral Howison's attitude toward
Admiral ! Schley, ; and much - interest was
manifested. when the next witness, "Wil
liam E. Spon of the firm of Spon & Cham
berlain, booksellers and publishers In New
York and London, made his appearance. M
Spon testified that he had been a pas
senger on the steamer Minneapolis, which
-had sailed from London forNeW'York on
the 11th. at, October, 1900, and that. Ad
mirar Howison i had also been a passenger
on- the vessel.'.' The" Witness related that
one day/during theivoyage the Sampson
! Schley controversy came up and ¦ one gen
tleman expressed himself as favorable to.
Admiral: Sampson; - Spon had taken the
opposite side, ¦ and in ¦ his : effort ' to : show
that Admiral, Sampson' was not a flt.man'
for that position had remarked that the
.Witness said that in response to an in
quiry from himself. Admiral Howison had
explained the absence of Admiral Samp
son from the /scene of action when the
Santiago naval battle occurred, by say
ing: "The explanation is that there haii
been a lack of co-operation- be'tween; the
land. and naval" forces and Sampson- was
trying "to harmonise them. • The day on
which the battle occurred' wae- the last
day on earth when -the Spanish • fleet
should have been expected to como out."
Judge Advocate ¦ Lemly at this point
maintained, that: Admiral Howisoo could
make a -. statement-.- if », he desired, either
before 6r after the arguments. --
>-Admirar Howison ' settled the ¦matter,
however. - by reaching' forward for | his
cap and whispering, to Admiral -DeWcy.
The latter* then announced that Admiral
Howison i would make : his response at
once.- .Thereupon; Admiral Howison with
drew • to : the - private apartments in the
rear^and' the;. court took an informal r6
1 cess. --¦-¦:¦¦:¦:¦<¦ ¦¦¦¦.'¦¦>.... •;»,-..-.
•The' court- remained absent. ;fromi 'the
*om for. about fifteen minutes, and when
-it- reconvened Admiral' Howison presented
'his; reply ' to the • charges -made against
himself. Hip statement was typewritten
andwas as follows: -
Spon was immediately succeeded by
Foster Nicholls of Yonkers. N. Yl, which
is Admiral Howison's place of residence.
Nicholls is interested in naval publica
tions, and in thia capacitv called upon
Admiral Howison in July last for the pur
pose of securing from him notes for a
biography of the admiral. He stated that
the day on which the call, was made was
very hot and that on this account the ad
miral had asked to be excused from
granting an interview. Nicholls said that
after this conversation he had procured
a copy of the work which his house was
getting out containing a sketch of the
leaders in the Spanish- American war and
containing, pictures of Sampson and
Schley. The witness said- that at the sight
of Scnley's picture Howison said Schley
had -no business in the navy, and added
thatif Schley were in the English navy
he would have been put out "for less
cause than the? e was' in hi3 case." "j* . *
"I asked," tho witness continued, "the
reason why. Schley should have been put
out.^ Admiral Howison replied, ¦ 'For diso
bedience of orders." I asked why, if he
disobeyed orders, he was permitted to re
main: The admiral replied : 'Because he
gave the excuse that he had to go to i
port to .coal, yet everybody knows that |
coaling at sea is possible.' "
lh.e. witness said that he had expressed
surprise at Admiral .Howison's attitude,
and that in reply the admiral had said:
\ "You would not be surprised if you were
in touch with the sentiment among naval
officers.'.'. . • .' ..¦ - ...' ... .\
Said Schley Disobeyed Orders.
admiral had been the last member of the
board of ordnance to agree to the use of
smokeless powder by the navy. Continu
ing. Spon said that Admiral Howison
came within hearing of the controversy
at this point and walking up to the group
said: .
"I correct you; this is not so. You men
do not know what you are talking about.
You do not know anything about it.
Sampson is very much respected and
looked up to, and especially ' by the
younger men of the navy."
Continuing, the witness said that some
colloquy followed, after which Admiral
Howison had said: "Anyhow, Schley
should have been court-martialed. He
was the main cause of all this contro
versy in the newspapers." ' . ¦
Spon added that Admiral Howison had
seemed much excited during this conver
sation, and that the. other members of the
party had listened In silence to what he
had to say. "From his whole manner,"
the witness wont on, "I infer that be was
a violent partisan of Sampson and corre
spondingly, prejudiced against Schley. He
was not content to correct me as to Ad
miral Sampson, but seemed willing to say
bitter things, almost vindictively, against
Admiral Schley." , -
The proceedings of the court began
with the reading by Captain Lemly, of
Admiral Schley's letter requesting the
convening of the court and the Navy De
partment's precept.
¦ The court assumed a listening attitude,
but Admiral Schley, known as the "appli
cant" In the case, gave only indifferent
attention to .the document. The admiral
gave closer attention, however, when the
judge advocate began • reading the order
appointing Rear Admiral ¦ Howison a
member of the court in place of Rear Ad
miral Kimberly, and he continued to give
careful heed when his letter to the-de
partment, asking for a modification ¦• of
paragraph five of the precept regarding
Admirp.l Schley's, disobedience', of orders
was read, together with the department's
refusal to comply with the request. :•" \ .
None- of the documents received ¦ more
than perfunctory attention from 'the
auditors; but there was a general change
of attitude when the order of proceeding
was reached. V '¦¦'¦¦ •'
Admiral Schley arose and said that
with extreme regret he was obliged - to
challenge Admiral Howison as a member
of the court. - . .
„ TIt* challenge follows:
¦ Rear Admiral W. S. 8chley, in the exercise
Immediately after the court convened
'the members retired, at the instance of
Judge Advocate Lemly, to decide whether
the court-should sit with open or closed
doors. The court wa"s absent about fif
teen minutes, and when it returned the
proceodlnps began In view of the public. ..
Judge Advocate- Lemly introduce/di'the
Official reporter of the court's proceedings,.
Hulse, and his own assistant counsel,
Hanna. Admiral Schley introduced his
counsel. Judge J. M. Wilson. Hon.^Isidor
Raynor and Captain James Parker.
Opening of the Formal Proceedings.
It was a striking picture, with Admiral
Dewey in the miadie. Rear Admiral Ben
ham on the right and Hear Admiral How
ison on the lett. Their faces were stern,
'iney were in full uniform, the four
starred collar of the admiral indicating
his supreme rank in the navy. His sword
hung at his left side, but tt was a service
sword, and not that presented by Con
gress in remembrance of Manila Bay.
Admiral Schley Fat at the table pro
vided for him and his counsel. He, too,
was in full uniform, his epaulette showing
two stars and an anchor of his grade. His
back was to the spectators, and, with his
counsel, he faced the members of the
court. Just across- from the officers sat
Judge Advocate Lemly, the law officer of
the navy and of the court, with Solicitor
Hanna of the Navy Department at his
side. Outside of the rail, in the sea of
heads, could be seen -many well known in
-the naval and Government service, as well
as many ladies, including the wives of
those taking a prominent part in the pro
ceedings.
Admiral Dewey simply said in conven
ing the court:
"The court is open."
Faces of the Judges Are Stern.
At the instant that the firing began
Admiral Schley and his two 'associates
had entered through the rear doors and
taken seats at the Jong table.
The first crash of the gun startled the
spectators. Then they waited a^ the sev
enteen guns, the number given in honor
of the admiral of the navy, had been
fired, when the ear was strained for the
first word 'of the proceedings.
The scene within the courtroom was one
qf impreesive dignity. The distinguished
participants had laid aside their civilian
dress and appeared in the brilliant full
uniforms of the naval service. The con
versation that had prevailed through the
great hall subsided to an awelike hush
and the uniformed guard of marines hur
ried strangers into their seats.
"Boom, boom!" came from a great gun
just outside the building.
It was both, a salute and a signal that
the court had or>ened.
was apparently oblivious to the fact that
every eye was centered on him.
.«V^Y. ha V he saId -" continued ; the witness
"inclined me to the belief that he had no
use for Admiral Schley." Frost gave in
Had No Use for Admiral Schley^
Francis A. Frost of the Boston Record,
who had reported a conversation with
Rear. Admiral Howison. 1 in which the lat
ter.was alleged to have made reflections
upon Admiral Schley, was the first wit
ness called to the stand. He V first ex
plained the nature of his duties, in secur
ing news from the Charlestown Navy Yard
and then detailed a Conversation v- he is
said, to have hud, with Admiral Howison.
This. occurred,'. he said,, in the command
ant's office, .and- while it. had not:- been
given with: the; distinct- understanding
that it should Lo published, there was no
injunction of- secrecy. v "
Publications had begun to appear- 'con-"
cerning the credit for the victory. This
had been referred to during the witness'
visit to Admiral Howison, and in reply'
the admiral stated, so the witness testi
fied, that Sampson , was entitled to" the
credit of the victory at Santiago.
Admiral HowlsOn, he testified, described
the duties jwhich haddevolved on Samp
son : how vessels had : been placed I off- the
entrance of the harbor to guard against
the escape of the Spanish fleet. -The wit
ness said -Admiral Howison stated that If
the American fleet 'had been defeatedvAd
miral Sampson would- have' been asked
why it had occurred. Frost • said he . had
suggested that the public seemed disposed
i° EJve the credit to Schley. In response
he testified.. Admiral Howison went on to
say that /Sampson's standing as an officer
a ? < L a £, a . raan was Sreatly superior to that
of Schley. ¦» ¦ . . •. ¦ . , ¦ . ¦ . • .. ¦>-•
Captain Lemly asked if there was any
evidence in support of the statements
concerning Rear Admiral Howison, ! to
which Raynor,. speaking for Rear Admiral
Schley, said there was.- Admiral Dewey
announced that this would be heard. . .
In asking Admiral Schley for a designa
tion of his witnesses, Captain Lemly re
ferred to the admiral as the "accused."
Admiral Dewey promptly called his at
tention to the error and the judge advo
cate general corrected it. referring to him
then as the "applicant." '-.
A. hurried consultation among the mem
bers of the court followed. Admiral
Dewey first turned to Admiral Benham,
-then stepped around the table and en
gaged Captain Lemly in conversation. He
afterward spoke to Rear Admiral Howi
son. '-¦¦'.'. ' . ;: ¦.»• .-.
While the challenge, of course, was ex
pected, it created no lUtle commotion,
coming: as it did without preliminary an
nouncement. ... . • ...-
The Challenge Creates Commotion.
4. That Rear Admiral Henry L. Howison, in
connection with the opinion formed and ex
pressed by him upon the merits, of the case
about to be investigated, . has Instituted and
announced a comparison between the acts and
personal and professional characteristics of the
principal parties to the present issue— viz..
Rear Admirals Sampson and Schley— to the
disadvantage and disparagement of the lat
ter, thereby indicating a bias and a prejudice
which renders him, ttear Admiral Henry L.
Howison, Ineligible for eerviie as a member
of this court.
2. That Rear Admiral Henry L. Howison has
already formed and expressed an opinion on
the merits of the case about to be Investi
gated adversely to said Rear Admiral W. S.
Schley. thereby indicating a bias and preju
dice which renders him, Bald Rear Admiral H.
L. Howison, ineligible for service as a member
of this cqurt.
3. That Rear Admiral Henry L. Howison has.
in connection with the subject matter about
to be "investigated, expressed an unfavorable
opinion on the personal and professional char
acteristics of said Rear Admiral Schley. there
by Indicating: a bias and prejudice which ren
ders him, said Rear Admiral Kowison, m
rligible for service as a member of. this court;
of his legal right of challenge, objects to Rear
Admiral Henry L. Howison upon the. grounds.
1. That Rear Admiral Henry L. Howison has
already formed and expressed an opinion on
the merits of the. case about to be Investi
gated, and that he Is therefore Ineligible for
service as a member of this court.
seen the man ¦ before, and I nositiwiv
T*™U£ mei ?u ber ever se a e"ng him? nor ao
lt£™ f T the occurrence of any such
circumstances as he says did occur at a
i e 5i3 1 ?n POiX £ ° n board the Minneapolis*
I did come home on the Minneapolis, but
it is not my custom to interfere with
people's talk when they are ffktag- out
side. I have nad them abuse me aboard
ship many times when I was executive
officer; I have heard them and recognized
the men's voices. -but I never went IS f he 4
me 2Ji b0U , t "-r 1 k v new that the y never lS 1
tended that I. should hear it. I n*ver
W , OU . 1 t; lnte ? fere ? lth a conversation of
that kind. It would be unreasonable "
"And you have no recollection of your
saying anything on that voyage on the
subject of the . Sampson-Schley contro
vers?" asked Raynor. •-
'¦ "I do not remember what I said" re
plied the admiral. "I may have said
something on that voyage; I do answer
any one's questions if they are asked po
litely, where it does not make any differ
ence.**, , - - . ¦
"Do you not recollect saying on that
voyage to any one that if Schley had
done certain things he ought to have been
court-martialed?"
Rear Admiral Howison replying said:
'iso, I do not lemember making any such
remark. But if • some one, for instance,
should come to me and say that a certain
officer had dona a certain thing I might
say that under the navy regulations he
would be subject to court-martial or dis
cipline of some sort if he had done a cer
tain wrong. I would not hesitate to say
that to you at any time, or to anybody
else."
Taking up the testimony of Nicholls,
Raynor called Admiral Howison's atten
tion to the fact that in his formal reply
he had not denied the statements of that
witness. The admiral said he had never
said to Nicholls that Schley had no busi
ness In the navy, or that a man could not
remain in the English navy under such
circumstances. "I never made any such
remark as that about Admiral Schley. If
anything of the kind occurred it was just
as I stated in my answer to you before.
If he (Nicholls) had stated to me that
Admiral Schley had positively disobeyed
orders or done something that he ought
not to have done, that was liable to disci
pline, I would have said he should be
brought before a court-martial. That.i&fc
simply one of the regulations of the ser- '
vice."
Raynor (interrupting)— He says "I ex
pressed surprise that he should feel this
way toward Schley, and he said: 'You
would not if you were in touch with the
sentiments among naval officers." "
Rear Admiral Howison— Well, how In
the world could a stranger to me, coming
to my house on his own business, get me
to speak in such a way as that unless
It were to answer some question or unless
he misinterpreted my answers to him? I
have not the slightest desire to force my
self on this court. I do not want to sit
on it. It is not agreeable duty for me.
I have no desire whatever to ' do it and
I am not making any excuses for myself
or for any of my private discussions with
any one. I think that is my own affair
and nobody else is asked about these pri
vate discussions. It is only this one ob
jectionable man. I am perfectly willing
to get out, as I say in my letter
"But are you willing to ask the court
to relieve you?"
"I cannot ask the court to relieve me
because they have got to do that upon
the merits of the case." ,
Then ensued a long controversy be
tween Raynor and Admiral Howison as
to the qualification as judge of one who
recognized Sampson as commander In
chief at the battle of Santiago and en
titled to credit for the victory..
Schley and the Santiago Campaign.
The Judge Advoeate^May I ask what
feature of the precept Is referred to with
regard to winning the battle of Santiago "»
Mr. Raynor— It is involved in three of
the specifications. I think, if you will look
at these specifications. The first specifi
cation directs the court to inquire Into
"his conduct in connection with the event3
of the Santiago campaign." Now, if tho
conduct of Admiral Schley at the battle
of Santiago is not an event in copnectiori
with the Santiago campaign, I would like
to know what is.
The Judge Advocate-The conduct oi
Admiral Schley is in question not only at
the battle of Santiago but in the wnole
Santiago campaign. But I may as w«*tl
say here, Mr. President and members cf
the court, that the question of Admiral
Sampson's conduct upon those occasions
is not before this court In any way Thi*
is not a comparative question as to
whether some one did or did not do better
than Commodore Schley. It is a question
•as to whether Commodore Schley did his
whole duty in the Santiago campaign and
at the battle of SantiagofandThe |?neral
question as to whether some other officer
of the navy is a better man than Commo
dore Schley, or not so good a man. is not
tne point.
Mr Raynor— We intend to prove that
Admiral Sampson was not at the battle
of Santiago at all. -and it .becomes a
question of who was the commander-in
ch . ef , the battl e of Santiago. If Ad
miral Sampson was not there, then Ad
. miral Schley was the commander-in-chief.
And if a judge of this tribunal has al
ready made up his mind that Admiral
Sampson, as . commander-in-cbief , won
that battle, it becomes a very pertinent
inquiry under the specification as to what
was the conduct of Schley . darter the
Santiago campaign. That will be one of
the questions involved here— not a com
parison between Schley and Sampson, but
as to who was practically, legally; offi
cially and technically the commander at
the battle of Santiago— to whom credit is
due. if. as the admiral has said, credit
is due to the officer who was in charge.
If there has been an opinion expressed
on that point of cflurse we want to know
it, and we want to know tr It Is such an
opinion as to throw upon, us the burden
of proof. Now, I will ask you. Admiral
Howison. whether you have not, in con
versations with anybody else, at times''
expressed yourself upon the proposition
that Admiral Sampson was in command
at Santiago and deserves the credit for
that victory?
a In reply to this and further questions
Admiral Howison stated that he looked
upon Sampson as commander In chief of
the squadron, but the credit for the vic
tory would depend upon what he did or
did not do.
Admiral Howison said any conclusion
would depend on official reports, and then
in answer to further questions, the ad
miral said that he had discussed the con
troversy in many conversations durin°
the past three years on the basis of news
paper reports. Some things he had said
were , favorable to Schley and some to
Sampson.
He never had said that Schley was hot
beaded and Impetuous, for he never nad,
thought him hot-headed or nervous The'
testimony having been closed, Raynor In
a few words called attention to the fact
that the statements made by the wit
nesses had not been denied.
Raynor having referred to Nicholls*
statement as to what Admiral Howlaon
had said concerning Schley and the Eng
lish navy and also coaling at sea. Admiral
Howison interrupted with very positive
disclaimers that he ever could have made
either statement. They must have been
some one else's statements.
Following Raynor"s arraignment of Ad
miral Howison as a member of the court
that body took a brief recess to consider
the matter.
When it returned Admiral Dewey
promptly said:
"I have to announce that the objection
of the applicant to Rear Admiral Howi
son is sustained by the court. ' .The Ad- ,
miral Is excused from service— for which,;
I know, he is very glad."
Rear Admiral Howison— I am, indeed.
The court then, at 3:45 p. m.. adjourned
to await the appointment of a successor
to Admiral Howison by the Navy Depart
ment
Admiral Howison's arrival passed al
mest unnoticed, as he has been here so
little of late that the knots of observers
did not immediately recognize him.
It was just twenty minutes before the
court was to convene that a large auto
mobile came up to the building with Ad
miraJ"Echle>% accompanied by his counsel
Messrs. Jere Wilson, Isadore Raynor and'
Captain James Parker, and the witnesses
who were to be offered in connection with
the challenge of Admiral Howison as to
•jhle eligibility to serve as a member of the
court. • ¦ _•,.•:• i - - . •
Aflmiral Schley was the last to alight
He was cordially greeted by Rear ¦ Ad
miral Terry, commandant of the yard '
tnd in return Admiral. Schley clapped the
thould^rs of the • commandant and gave
aim a hearty return to his welcome. Ad
iiiral Schley wore a suit of. navy blue of
jivilian cut, with a straw sailor hat; his
?ye glasses dangled from his breast. As
le passed along to the dressing rooms h*
A guard of marines also wheels j n t 0
tine and saluted as the admiral passed by-
Accompanying him was his young Chinese
servant who served him during the battle
In Manila Bay and has ever since re
mained as his body servant. The admiral
was calm and smiling as he acknowledged
the greetings of officers and men.
Impressive Scene in the Courtroom.
Admiral Benham was the first member
of the court to arrive. He was in civilian
¦ dress and carried his encased sword and
dreFP suit case containing his uniform
officer of the yard escorted him to the
private grounds, where the full dress of
those on the court was to be donned
Admiral Dewey drove up in his carriage
at just 12:30 o'clock and was greeted at
the entrance of the building by Rear Ad
miral Terry, commandant of - the navv
yard. -
The distinguished naval officers who
are to participate in the proceedings
began to put in an appearance about
12:20 o'clock. They came quietly and
without any outward demonstration of
saluting guns and marching guards of
honor. *¦¦>.- .
Captain Lemly, judge advocate, was
the first official to arrive. He came in
with his assistant. E. P. Hanna. a few
minutes after II o'clock, and they were
soon busily engaged in unpacking two or
three large boxes of books which it is
expected will be called Into frequent use
for reference during the sitting of the
court.
The decision came s=o quickly and um
expectedly. that it sent a flutter of agi
tation through the courtroom. There was
a buzz of animated comment anoUAdmiral
Schley exchanged looks of satisfaction
with his counsel.
Admiral Dewey at once closed the pro
ceedings by announcing that the court
would adjourn indefinitely until the Navy
Department had named an officer to suc
ceed Admfral Howison.
Court Sustains the Challenge.
After hardly more than fifteen minutes
spent in retirement in the consultation
room of the court Admiral Dewey briefly
announced that the court sustained the
challenge and said that Admiral Howison
would be excused from further attend
ance.
Before submitting the challenge to the
determination of the court Raynor cross
examined Admiral Howiscn very minute
ly as to his personal sentiments toward
Admiral Sampson and Admiral Schley
and developed that Admiral Howison had
expressed certain definite convictions as
to Admiral Sampson's retention of au
thority and responsibility, even while he
¦was absent temporarily from the fleet
at Santiago. The challenge then was
submitted to the court, which, under the
circumstances, was narrowed down to
Admiral Dewey and Rear Admiral Ben
ham to pass upon.
It was not sufficient, however, to coun
teract the very direct testimony given by
the three witnesses, and, moreover, the
admiral himself, in concluding his state
ment, indicated plainly that he had no
desire to remain on the court and was
there simply in obedience to orders. He
then appealed to his associates on the
court to decide all doubtful questions as
to his eligibility in favor of- Admiral
Echley.
The first skirmish was opened by Ad
miral Schley rising from his. seat and.
speaking in a strong voice, calmly and
deliberately, challenging Admiral Howi
son"s eligibility as a. member of the court.
Three witnesses were brought forward in
support of this challenge, namely, Fran
cis S. Frost. William E. Spon and Foster
Xicholls. They gave positive testimony
as to the expressions they had heard Ad
miral Howison make, favorable to Ad
miral Sampson and unfavorable to Ad
miral Schley. '
Frost testified to a statement Admiral
Howison had made to him at Boston
while the witness was seeking news as a
reporter, Spon to remarks made while he
and the admiral were journeying back to
this country from Europe on a trans-
Atlantic steamer, and Nicholls* conversa
tion occurred during a business call at
Admiral Howlson's private residence at
lonkers, N. T. - • ¦
In concluding this testimony the ques-
Uon arose whether Admiral Howison
would join issue on the statements made
by the . witnesses or would rest on Kis
privilege to withhold an answer until he
chose to submit it. The admiral met the
issue by turning at once to Admiral
Dewey and announcing that he would
make a written rejoinder to the state
ments pf the three witnesses. This re
joinder lie prepared very speedily. While
conceding the accuracy of some points
in the evidence, it threw considerable
doubt en other points and disclaimed any
recollection of the talks said to have
taken place on the trans-Atlantic
steamer.
Challenges HLowison's Eligibility.
Washington; Sept. 12.—
"Within three hours from the
time of the convening of the
court of inquiry to-day it was
announced that Rear Admiral
Howison was disqualified
from serving as a member of
the court. He was excused from further
duty. This brought the proceedings to
an abrupt termination and caused a tem
porary adjournment of the court In order
to permit the Navy Department to desig
nate an officer to succeed Admiral Howi
son- No further session is probable until
the early part of next week.
It had been expected that little official
business would be accomplished on the
opening day, and the prompt decision as
to Admiral Howison came somewhat as a
surprise.
Prior to the court's convening a good
sized crowd assembled at the Washing
ton Navy Yard, where the court met, to
•witness the coming of the prominent
naval officers who are to take part in the
proceedings. They came ununiformed
and unheralded, and till the full dress
uniforms had been donned at Quarters ln
elde the yard for the actual session of the
court there was little to lend dramatic
Interest to the occasion. Admiral Dewey
and Admiral Schley naturally were the
premier figures in popular interest The
latter had about him a distinguished body
of counsel. Including Jere Wilson, Attor
ney General Isadore Raynor of Maryland
and Captain James Parker, with Mr.
Teague acting as advisory counsel. The
German naval attache. Captain Rebeur-
Paschwitz, occupied one of the seats in
the public area. The number of wives of
naval officers present was noteworthy.
A salute of seventeen guns in honor of
the admiral of the navy marked the open-
Ing of the proceedings at 1 o'clock. The
usual formalities on the opening of the
court were transacted with dispatch.
Counsel for Applicant File a Challenge Charging the Deposed
Associate Member With Bias and Prejudice and Introduce
Testimony of Three Witnesses to Prove Their Allegations
SCHLEY-SAMPSON COURT OF INQUIRY HOLDS FIRST SESSION WASHINGTON
NAVY YARD AND RELIEVES REAR ADMIRAL HOWISON FROM SERVING ON BOARD
Howisoh,in Answbrtb the Charges Contained in the Challenge,
fenies p That He Bears Any Ill-Will, and Says That He Only
! Desires to FaithfuMy Perform the Duty. Required of Him
THE SA3ST FRAN CISCO C A £jg- .;•" FKIUAY; SEPTEMBER ' 13, 19O1W
Three witnesses 'gave testimony concerning statements made by Howison tending to show that
he had already formed an opinion on the matter under investigation. Hoivison in reply said that
he zvas not prejudiced and that he intended doing his duty. He gladly zuelcomed, hozv^ver, the order
releasing him from serving. ' v ,
> Thei court of inquiry appointed to investigate the conduct -of Admiral Schley at the battle of
Santiago met in the navy-yard at Washington yesterday and excused Rear Admiral Hoivison from
serving on the board. An adjournment zvas taken to await the appointment of another associate
member by the Navy' Department. v , .• . • -
4Annual Gathering of- the Association, at Which the
Members Discuss Proposition to Have. Cadet
Commanders Join the Service Club of This City
ALUMNI COMMISSIONED OFFICERS
RE-ELECT BAUER AS COMMANDER
San Francisco ,' Lodge of the Fraternal
Brotherhood wl'J have an open meeting in
Shasta Hall. Native Sons' building to
night, when a,;programme «f specialties
will be given, ; ¦ ./ ' ¦
Fraternal Brotherhood.
Frank Meade of 9 Morrell place reported
ibe disappearance of Mrs. Kate Beck to
the Coroner yesterday. Meade said Mrs.
Beck had frequently threatened to com
nut suicide. She Is 2S years of age. ,
Mrs. Kate Beck Disappears.
*; The* entertainment ¦ given last '*; Wednes-',
day night by-the social and literary asso
ciation of the National Union in Odd Fel
lows', Hall was attended by a large num
ber- of v ladles ; and : gentlemen, who , were
treated to a programme of -high class
National Union Entertains.
.•Preparations are ' '•• now. under headway,
for {a. grand " '¦ banquet and ..party.: ¦ to • be
given by the : Mission Schwestern . Verein
next Sunday, evening .for ; the .benefit : of
the Turners. v The committees In charge
are : sparing no , efforts to make the affair
a success, and a lar^e., attend ance.J» ex
nected. ¦ • : • ¦• ¦ ¦ . ¦'¦;¦.. ¦-¦, .:'¦¦;_ ¦
Schwesteni; Vefein/ Party.
-The Supervisors'. Street Committee yes
terday recommended that a franchise be
granted to : the Santa Fe Company to
maintain tracks on Indiana street in con
nection with the line on Illinois street. A
number, of property, owners appeared be
fore the committee and expressed them
selves favorably. In behalf- of the • fran
chlss. .. . . ' *' -
Franchise on Indiana Street.
Justice of the. Peace Daniels will decide
In, a' few days whether the Pacific Mutual
Debenture Company must return $172, paid
as premiums on four policies' issued by
the company by Charles Hargens.- The
testimony developed that , the last' pre
mium paid in oy Hargens "was ordered re- !
turned to him. In a communication Har
gens was Informed to collect the $S at the
Petaluma Bank, as it could not be accept
ed becausevthe company » had been en-
Joined by the Attorney General. Hardens
Sues Debenture Company.
The Board of Education is considering
the advisability of /building schoolhouses
of brick in the futitre. One of the School
Directors informed the Supervisors' Street
Committee that atj least two members of
the board were In./ favor of brick. -
May Build Brick Schoolhouses.
When the case of E. Erlckson, Indicted
for smuggling, was called yesterday in
the Unit«*d States District Court the de
fendant was not present- Judge de Hav
en thereupon declared Erickson's bonds of
2200 forfeited and issued a bench warrant
for his arrest.
Forfeits Smuggler Ericksoh's Bonds
.A number of deceived females are be
moaning the disappearance of Donald .f.
Standish. who, they say. und«r promises
of marriage.' succeeded in despoiling them
of their property. Standish was a rormer
coachman for Dr. Winslow Anderson ami
later a groceryman. Among. the women
who succumbed to bis wiles were Miss
Katherine Carlan and Mis' Lena Myers.
They say that, Standish east them a»U!e
and married the former wife of Clarence
Montaine, an actor. Miss Myers claims
she gave Standish a diamond ring 'valued
at $500. ; .An -attachment was secured on
the grocery store at 1000 Larkln street, but
Standish had gone and the sale of his mer
chandise -only paid a part of bis JoUtj^
Say Standish Is a Deceiver.
„ The Supervisors', : Police Committpe*ree*
ommended' yesterday! that £j permits j ' be
granted to the'Bay City 'Athletic Club for
a boxings exhibition on i September 16, ! and
to the National Sporting'Club for a con
test in October. . >. •;- .
Boxing Permits/ Granted;
The: Mexican ' Patriotic • Society of j San
Francisco has made; arrangements to cele
brate the anniversary of the independence
of Mexico by.' a , ball In, Native Sons' Hall
on the 15th inst.- At the same time marks
of? respect will be shown the President of
the republic, ' General Don Porflrio Diaz,
and to DonjAlexandro K. ; Coney, who, for
sixteen years has held the office of Consul
In-this'city. r \ VO . •
Independence of Mexico.
Suit was brought yesterday in the Jus
tices'/Court by C. H. Humphrey against
the stockholders of the Independent Min
ing Company for $5000 alleged to be due
for services as attorney. There are twen
ty-six defendants to the action* and each
is sued for a sum less than $300 in order
that the Justices'. Court may have juris
diction. ' ¦ , , ' ' . --Is
Attorney .Wants His Fee.
,The suit of Lorena Atwood ; against
Belasco &jThall for $150, alleged to be due
for two weeks' salary while a member of
the Central .Theater company, was on
trial yesterday before Justice of the Peace
Dunn.r Miss, Atwood- claims she was not
given the regulation two;. weeks* notice,
and the, firm asserts that the notice was
duly posted. ."A decision will' be rendered
in one 'week. . V '' /:¦ •' : - ;
Actress .Wants Salary.
J. Me'Hoy. a "workman employed at the
Chatman Metal Works, at the - foot of
Ninth street, was treated at the Emer
gency Hospital yesterday for severe burns
about the body, face and arms. Melloy
while handling hot antimony took hold of
the substance with wet tongs, when there
was an explosion. Melloy's clothing was
blown from his body. After treatment he
was taken to his home, at 1203 Howard
street. v~'"-— j
Scalded by Exploding Antimony. ;
George Johnston, was coirvicted by Judge
Conlan yesterday on the .charge'of petty
larceny- and was sent to the Ctounty Jail
for six .months. He entered -the warp
house of Payot.Upham& bo. last Wedneil
day and stole a cas* of ink. He wen t to
the stoie of Curliss; Ctucriingham & Welsh
and offered to sell the suileiv case but as
they were suspicions they .telephoned to
the Central police stat ton and Johnston
wasarrested by Offlcen Donohue WhUe
he was waiting for the arrival of the of
ficer he stole a. call bell, j which was
found in his pocket.
Johnston's Double Theft, j
The election of the following officers
was --the principal business of the after
noon: President, M. J. ,B. McCoy; vice
president and corresponding secretary
Mrs. H. H. Luce: secretary, Mrs. A. Bur
gess; treasurer, Miss Harriet McCoy.
After the election there was a splendid
programme, of recitations and songs, after
•which refreshments were served. The
programme in full was as follows: (Con
tralto solo. Miss F. R. -Whitney; recita
tion. Miss Sefton; song and recitations.
Mrs. F. R. -Wheat. / . r • ;
-The .annual meeting of ¦' the Central
Union,; W. C. T. U.. was held Wednesday
afternoon at the W. C. T. U. head
quarters. 132 McAllister street.
Splendid Programme Presented at the
Annual Meeting of the Cen-^
tral Union.
TEMPERANCE WORKERS
ELECT THEIR OFFICER3
The Board of r Education was detected
again yesterday In a pla&i violation of the
charter. Auditor Wells, held up two de
mands calling for $9S0, the cost of fourteen
typewriters . furnished «ie ¦ Lincoln Com
mercial School on the board's order The
reason for the Auditors action was that
the board had not advertised for the type
writers, as the charter provides shall be
done for all supplies in excess of $250.
Fails to Advertise- for Bids.
Charles Riley, a tinsmith, was booked at
the City Hall station yesterday on
charges of disturbing the peace and re
sisting an officer. Riley's wife was about
to visit a friend's house at 127 Turk
street vesterday when her husband ap
peared "on the scene a-nd insisted on en
tering the house against the wishes of the
persons residing there. To prevent his in
trusion Police Officer D. V. Sullivan was
sent from the City Hall station. The right
of Officer Sullivan to interfere in domes
eic affairs was questioned by Rlley. Sul
livan's authority prevailed, however, and
Itiley went to the station.
Tinsmith Riley Annoys His Wife.
•Charles Shaw,- a middle-aged laborer,
who had been in the employ . of William
Little- & Co.. carpenters, 50 O'Farrell
street, committed • suicide last night on
Ninth street. Shaw, who. it Is supposed,
was temporarily Insane . from the results
of. a long illness, sat down on a doorstep
at 270 Ninth street and blew out his brains
w*th a revolver. , No one witnessed the
deed, but a man who passed the house
while Shaw, was sitting on the step .heard
the shot and ran to ,the spot. When ho
reached the scene Shaw was lying on tho
ground with a hole In- the too of
his head, buthe was not yet dead. The
ambulance was summoned and the wound
ed man was carried to the Receiving Hos
pital, where he died almost immediately.
-Little is known of the deceased. Noth
ing was found on his person to indicate
that he had any relatives or where he re
sided. . . • ¦
Charles R. Shaw, a Laborer, Blows
Out His Brains on Ninth
Street.' . ¦
SHOOTS .HXMSELP WHILE
TEMPORARILY INSANE
Staats Verbund Preparing for Annual
Conference of Religious and
', .;. Benevolent Societies. -
The German Roman Catholic Staats Ver
bund will hold its second annual conven
tion In this city in the latter part of this
month. The verbund is "composed of the
various German- Catholic organizations,
benevolent and religious, of the State of
California.. Thirty delegates, representing
societies in San Jose, Sacramento, Fruit
vale, Los Angeles and San Francisco, are
expected to attend, besides delegations of
German Catholics from the interior. •
At. a meeting held last night the follow
ing committees were appointed:
Arrancements-^F. • B. - Schoensteln, George
Buecker. H.. F. Budde. Carl A. Schnabel. Rob
ert Trcst, Charles ,'PX Conrad and Adolph
Schlmmel. " .-- : . -•: . . - - . - ' .
Reception— George ; Schilling, Jcs3ph . Keller,
A. Ecnlmmel," Bern. \ Llnneweber ' and •- P. C.
Kretz.
' Press— F. B. ¦•¦Schoensteln, Carl A. Schnabel
and H. F. Budde. • ' • .
Resolutions— Rev.' Raphael Fuhr, O. F. M. ;
Rev. ¦ Maximilian Neumann, O.. F. M.: George
Buecker, Charles P. Conrad. . Carl j A.' Schnabel
and F. B. Schoensteln. <v. •
Decorations — Robert Trost, P. Conens, Jules
Jorgens, Chr. Free, F. L. Guntz and F. X.
Burhans. ¦":¦-, " : ' ¦ '• '-¦>¦ •
Music— Rev. Raphael Fuhr, O.'F. M.: Robert
Trost and H.'.F- Budde. . -' .." ¦; .-
Entertainment— George: Buecker. Charles P.
Conrad,- August Vetter. Joseph Keller,' Joseph
,W.' Scheld, George Holl,. ; Dan Bush.'
' Badges— Herman Burhans and P. J. Schlefer..
GERMAN ROMAN CATHpLICS
WILL HOLD CONVENTION
Marshall Woodworth, United States
District Attorney, then came forward
with another affidavit begging f^r another
continuance on the ground that his pres
ence was wanted before the Federal
Grand Jury. Judge Heacock ordered a
postponement until Saturday morning at
11 o'clock. The Grand Jury will report
one hour earlier, and it is generally be
lieved that at that tims indictments will
be - found against Dimmick. Attorney
Collins, who. represents the defendant,
said he knew from a conversation with
two of the grand jury men that indict
ments would be found.
The preliminary hearing of Walter Dim
rnlck has resolved itself into a. set of con
tinuances. The hearing was to have been
resumed yesterday morning before Judge
Heacock, but by agreement of the attor
neys the matter went over until the after
noon.
DDOUCK'S HEARING WILL
RESULT IN INDICTMENT
Court Grants Another Continuance on
Account of Deliberations of Fed
eral Grand Jury.
The story In all Its essential features
was untrue and The Call, In its. purpose
to be /Just, wishes here to correct any
wrong Impression which the article may
have created. Dr. Paul McReynolds Is an
estimable young man who-is now pursu
ing a post graduate theological course 10
prepare him for his profession. " C. F.
Simms Is a man whose actions and posi
tion In' the- community in which he has
lived placed him above reproach.
The story in 'which they were made to
figure was accepted by The Call In good
faith. ' The connection of the correspond
ent' with this paper has since been sev
ered and his attack upon two reputable
men cannot be other than a matter of re
gret.
On August 9 The Call published an arti
cle from J Redlands under the caption,
"Would Fight the Clergyman." The story
represented that Dr. Paul McReynolds,
the minister of the Christian church at
Redlands, and C F. Simms, a well-known
business man and capitalist of that city,
had met In a cafe of the town and had
'made an attack upon the character of Rev.
Dr. Green, a Methodist preacher of that
city, accusing him of having blackmailed
his parishioners and of having extorted
$700 in one month from the poor members
of his flock. The article further stated
that a diner at a nearby table took of
fense at the attack, called the two men
liars, offered to fight them in what man
ner they chose and insisted upon an apol
ogy,- which, the article declared, -was
given. ; . ¦ ¦ ' . " ¦
Chairman oi all courts— Mrs. L. Comstock.
* Meetings and services held at the head
quarters will be In charge of Mrs. Saw
ver. " ,
Alaska— Mrs. Edward Griffith, chairman;
Miss Allen. Mrs, Sidney Cushing, Mrs. Geor?«
Plnckard. Miss Sallie Maynard. Mrs. Carter
Pomeroy. Mrs. W. n. Bowen. Mrs. Charles P.
Eells and Miss Rogers.
Africa — Miss Alice Brown, chairman: Mrs. P.
B. MacBean. Mrs. C. B. T. Middleton. Mrs.
W. B. Clapp ami Mrs. W. E. F. Deal.
Braail— Mrs. Huddart. Mrs. Young. Mrs. W.
W. Bishop, Mrs. F. Thompson. Miss Raymond.
Miss Barker. Miss Wallace and Mrs. Lee
Chester Raymond.
Colored missions of the South — Mrs. J. G.
Clark, chairman; i Mrs. Holmes, Mrs. Van
Mehr, Mrs. Llewellyn Jones. Mrs. William I.
Kip, Mr*. Weihe. Miss Carnahan. MUs Mesick
and Mrs. O'Brien.
Mexico— Miss. Gwln. chairman: Miss Eva
Maynard. Mrs. MenUer. Mrs. Sidney Worth.
Mrs. E. Field, Miss Ef fie Johnson. Miss An
thony. Mrs. Thomas Woodward. Miss Ren
gault. Miss Glbbs and Miss U. H. Mendel.
The headquarters will be in charge of
Mrs. James Newlands. It will be open from
10 to 12 a. m. and 2 to 6 p. m during tha
entire convention. There will be 5 o'clock
tea and everything possible will be don©
to entertain visitors. There will be ser
vices held at the headquarters daily.
An interesting feature of this work will
be a loan exhibit, representing the work
of the church as carried on in foreign
countries. It is the custom to give an
exhibition of this kind at the national
convention, and everything points toward
the one here being equal to that given
at the Corcoran Gallery in Washington,
D. C. in 1S98.
The following named ladles compose tho
committees: . ¦
Loans— Mr. Wellington and Mrs. McCloud.
Grace Church, and Mrs. Walker, St. Stephen'*
Church. . -
* Press— Mrs. W. C. Morrow, Miss Bertha
Monroe Rlckoff.
Philippines— Mrs. Frances B. Edgerton, chair
man: Mrs. Will Crocker. Mrs. Oscar Long, Mrs.
J. A. FHlmore. Mrs. William Leacock, Mrs.
-R.-H.- Sterling. Mrs. A. S. Baldwin. Miss Jes
sie Fillraore. .
China— Mrs. John Swift, chairman :¦ Mrs. M.
R. Norrls. Mrs. Trilly, Mrs. F. C. Moore. Miss
Hj-de, Miss Center and Mrs. W. J. Shotwell.
Japan— Mrs. Caduc. chairman; Mrs, W. B.
Collier, Mrs. George II. Buckingham, Mrs.
Rodman Pell. Mrs. Louis F. Monteagle, Mrs.
Philip Lansdale, Mrs. Fred Beaver. Mrs. H.
Alston Williams. Mrs. E. A. Belcher. Mrs E
M. Spalding, Miss Spaldlug, Mias Lovell an4
Miss Elinor Davenport.
North American Indians— Mrs. Thurlow Mc-
Mullln. chairman; Mrs. H. ¦ G. Xewhall. Mrs
S. W. Sperry. Mrs. Horace Hill. Mrs. Georsc
M. Stoney. Mrs. D. "W. Earl. Miss Laura Van
Wyck. Miss Mary Harrington, Mrs. Latham
McMullln. Miss Alice Brigham and Mrs. John
Landers.
The Diocesan Woman's Auxiliary ha»
had placed at its disposal several band
some residences of wealthy citizens inter
ested In this work. A number of th«
houses are centrally located. It has uot
yet been determined which one will 0«
used. - - ¦ . , ¦¦
The ladies of the Episcopal churches In
this city are making extensive arrange
ments for the reception and entertain
ment of the delegates and guests to th#
National Convention j? of the Episcopal
Church. The convention opens In this city
October 2,- and will continue for two or
three weeks. /
There ibelng no commission vacancies
In the Eleventh, Steunenberg was made
second lieutenant In the Forty-eighth
United States Volunteer Infantry and aft
erward first lieutenant. He was mus
tered out a short time ago as batallon
adjutant, . ranking as captain, In that
regiment. He was just two years In
working himself up. from a private in a
strange command without friends to 'a
commissioned officer on the colonel's
staff. • . . ¦¦ ,
His friends had not long to. wait. He
was assigned to duty as a private in the
Eleventh Cavalry in the Philippines. In
two years' time, through recommenda
tions of regular army officers, he rose to
be corporal, sergeant and first sergeant.
He received special mention • twice for
bravery, once for swimming a river In
the face of the enemy's fire and once for
standing by a wounded comrade and
holding off an attacking force until he'p
came. - ¦ .
Now comes the interesting part of the
story. After .leaving the Idaho regiment
Steunenberg enlisted in the regulars from
New York and again went' to the Phil
ippines. His object was to get into a
command where there would be no pol
itics and where he would come under the
authority of regular army ollicers, who
would regard nothing but his "fitness as
a soldier In passing judgment upon him.
Shortly after . enlisting- Steunenberg
wrote to friends In this city telling them
to keep their eyes* on him and they would
see whether he possessed qualifications
other than those of a politician to entitle
him to a commission.
Captain Steunenberg spoke a little too
plainly concerning the courage- of
one of his : superior officers. Pol
itics entering into, the squabble, Captain
Steunenberg, whose brother was at the
time Governor of Idaho, was subjected
to a court-martial and, for awhile, de
prived of his command. He was after
ward reinstated, but soon resigned from
the regiment.
Captain George Steunenberg, who left
yesterday for his home In ICnoxville,
Tenn.. will be remembered by readers of
The Call as one of the officers of the
Idaho regiment who had considerable
trouble at tho time that regiment re
turned from its service in the war with
Spain.
Are Preparing to Receive
Delegates to Con
vention.
; ¦;. H '• ¦ ¦ •• . --- •• • ¦¦' *¦
Injustice to C- F. Simms
and Dr. McReynolds
of Redlands.
Soldier Throws Aside
Political Preferment
and Succeeds.
•Dr. McCarthy appointed, the following
named gentlemen as a general committee
on reception: From the Native Sons— F.
L. Coombs, H.- S. Martin. H. Lunstedt,
Percy V. Long and D. Q. Troy; from the
Young Men's Institute— J. J. McCarthy,
Robert Tobin, J. K. Cosgrove. P. J. Ha
gan and D. E. Hayden: military— Colonel
Charles Boxton and Major H. E. Cur
zons. The committee that received the
First Regiment, Mayor Phelan, William J.
Martin of The Call, A. M. Lawrence of
the Examiner and John P. Young of the (
Chronicle, will also act on this occasion.
Besides these gentlemen Colonel Bergin,
Colonel ' Chadbourne, Captain Howell.'
Judge Murasky and other prominent citi
zens will be requested to serve. V
The committee having charge of the
banquet and printing will be composed of
Colonel Charles Boxton, Major H. E. Cur
zons, H. S. Martin, D. Q. Troy, H. Lun
stedt, J. L. Gallagher. J. J. McCarthy, J.
K. Cosgrove, Mr. "Walsh. Captain J. R.
Howell and J. Deasey. '
It was decided that immediately upon
the transport being reported the members
of the general reception committee will
assemble at Mission wharf No. 1. There
they will board tugs and go out to meet
the incoming vessel. As soon as possible
General Smith will be taken ashore and
will be driven to his residence, where an
informal reception of intimate friends
will be held. The reception will be fol
lowed by a light supper. Within thenext
day or two, as soon as General Smith has
had time to recover from the effects of his
journey, he will be given a banquet at
some place to be named hereafter. The
ceremonies will conclude with a. public re
ception at Mechanics' Pavilion on the fol
lowing night or the night after that. At
the public reception Mayor Phelan will
deliver tb.6 address of welcome.
¦There was a general meeting of the
Smith reception celebration committee. in
the parlors of the California Hotel Wed
nesday evening. Dr. William McCarthy
presided and there were present represen
tatives of the different organizations that
will participate In the affair.
Returning General Is to Be Accorded
a Royal Welcome Upon Ills
Arrival Here.
The subject of joining the "United Ser
vice Club" In this city was discussed. It
Is proposed that all commissioned officers
of the army and navy, either active or
Colonel George W. Bauer, at present
commander of the Jfaval Militia of t'lis
State, was unanimously- re-elected com
mander of the association for the current
year. Major Perclval Dolman was pro
moted from adjutant to senior. vice com
mander. Major VT. Brewer was elected
junior vice commander and Captain Wil
liam Jurgens was chosen adjutant.
night in the rooms of the San
Francisco Club in the Call building. T»ie
reports presented show that the organ
ization, which was instituted • September
1. 1900, has now a membership of more
than double the charter list of eighty
members. During the past year the asso
ciation has given three banquets,- at
which many military men of note were
entertained, and gave a most successful
military reception and ball In Native Sons'
Hall on the night of the anniversary of
the birth of Abraham Lincoln.
p=Y|-=q HE annual gathering of the mem
| f bers of the Alumni Commissioned
I Officers' Association of the Uni
il verslty of California was held last
Miss Lulu Habenlcht and Peter Clarence
Sloan were married Wednesday evening in
St. Paul's Evangelical Church by the Rev.
Dr. Theiss of Oakland. After the .wed
ding a, reception was held in the Maple
room of tho Palace Hotel, where th« hap
py- young couple ' were 'tendered the/con
gratulations and well-wishes of their num
erous friends. A supper and. a dance fol
lowed the reception. • ¦• . ¦ :•¦".• ¦
A. J. Griffith of the Southern Pacific
claims department has returned from
an extended ; trip through • the Santa
Cruz Mountains and vicinity, where : he
has been fishing and hunting during the
past month. - . " •
¦ Bishop "W. f Hall Moreland; J. 'R. Bran
don.' C. Rowlands and Miss Lewis were
tho guests of Mr. and Mrs." Percy Ash in
Kenwood, Sonoma County, 'during the
past week.- ¦ - • < ' • ••
. Mr. and Mrs. Edward Bernard Thomas
have returned from their wedding-. tour
and have taken apartments at the Hotel
Knickerbocker for the winter.
Mr.' and Mrs. P. E. Newman of.-Han
ford announce the engagement of their
daughter Belle to J. Lewis Abrams of
Stockton. • ¦ . - . .
Pastor Guth . and. wife, Mr. Flshbach and
wife. Miss E. ' Miller,., Miss Junker. Miss A.
Schrader, Miss Clara Miller, Mlts Leecher,
Miss E. Krueeer, Miss L. Martens. Miss M.
Malmettie. Miss H. Btoffers. Miss S.' Fish
bach, Miss May Kiahn. Miss F. Quandt. Miss
S. Fluth, Miss L. Fluth. Mrs. C. Hoehn. Miss
E. Hoehn, Professor C. V. Schmutzler of Palo
Alto. H. Schrader, A. Miller. C« Koenljr, L.
Koenlc. C. Stoffers." "H. VVieser, W. . Stoffers."
Mr. Adams. H. McCormiok. A. Leeeher, W.
Helde, E. Junker, , H. Hoehn. F. Quandt, G.
Fluth, A. Klahn, R.- Fluth, R. LOtz, E.
Schuldt and Charles Hoehn. - -.. i
; A most' enjoyable ''surprise party was*
given to Mrs. T. C. Tryon at her.resi
dence, 2310 Mission street, on Monday
evening, September 9. Music was the fea
ture of the evening. until 10:30, when Mr.
and Mrs. Tryon led the way to the dining
room,, where supper was served. Those
present were: . ... ; . .
Mr. and Mrs. ' T. C/- Tryon, ' Mr. ' and Mrs. .T.
Davidson, Mrs. Webster, J. Webster. Miss G.
Rosson, Mrs. Burllncame, Miss Jessie Benn,
Mr. and Mrs. -H. L. ; Howard, Guy*Burllngajne,
Mr. and Mrs. John KInner, Miss Lillian Rin
ner. Mrs. Trunell. Miss Jennie Trunell,; Mrs.
Burrows, Mrs. Mabel McCracken. Mr. and
Mrs. C. T. Strong and Mrs. Milltken.
A , very pleasant, surprise , party 8 was
given to Miss May- Hoenn and Miss Caro
line Hoehn at their residence, 3979 Twen
ty-fourth street, on Monday, September 2,
the eve of their departure on the barken
tlne Alden Besse for .an extended visit
to the Hawaiian Islands. The evening
was pleasantly spent in -games and sing
ing. Pastor Goth made a few pleasant
remarks appropriate to the. occasion. The
following were present:
'. An-'iinterestlng 'engagement just"'an
nounced is . that of Mies Beulah Stubbs
and John Sunderland Jr. • of -Reno, Nev.
The 'announcement;-., of the engagement
came very much in the nature of a sur
prise to the friends:- of the charming
fiancee, who deemed her still, devoted t to
her. lessons and . books and- witnout a
thought for love and marriage. Miss
Stubbs is the youngest daughter of J. C
Stubbs. Mr. Sunderland, the lucky man,
is a merchant of Reno, Nev. No arrange
ments have as • yet been made for the
wedding. .... •' . - .
PROGRAMME COMPLETED
. FOR SMITH'S RECEPTION
MINISTER WAS
NOT ATTACKED
EPISCOPALIAN
LADIES BUSY
EVENTS IN SOCIETY
vocal and instrumental selections, special
ties and a farce. The entertainment was
followed by dancing. The affair was one
of the most pleasant fraternal functions
that has been given in many months. .
then sued for the return of 'all "the pre
miums he had paid. ¦ .= ¦¦.•;¦ .y-. . -
GALLANTRY WINS
HIM PROMOTION
The -second trial of Frank Mitchell, gro
cer, on the charge of murder for shooting
and filling' Frank J. McAuliffe, a brother
of Jdseph P. McAuliffe, the ex-pugilist,
on Twenty-fourth street on the night of
October 8 4 1899, was ' concluded in Judge
Lawlor*s court yesterday and the jury
after* about' ten minutes' 'consultation
brought in a verdict of acquittal,
The story of the defendant, wWch the
jury .'believed, was that he accosted Jo
seph'.on the night In question ¦ about an
unpaid, account and the ex-pugilist struck
him in the face. Mitchell huiriad to hirs
grocery, about a block distant, and re
turned armed with a revolver.
contention .was that he did not' return for
the purpose of renewing the discussion,
but was executing an errand in no way
connected Mtfa it. As he approached the
alcAuliffes. Joseph and Prani< advanced
upon him and being afraid of his life, he
fired the bullet; striking Fra*,k and kill
ing him. At the former trial the jury dis
agreed. , ¦ : *
MITJaSEI/L ACQUITTED
OF MURDEE. .CHARGE
'.Jury Holds, That Slayer of Frank. J.
• : Me Auliffe Acted in Self-
Defense.
At : the close of the meeting the mem
bers present partook of refreshments. The
association purposes giving a military ball
during the early part of December.
Captains' R. Daniels, R. I* Loffan, B. I*'
Qualet T. R. Kelly and I* T. Wagner, Lieu
tenants C. Schilling and J. Gallagher.
The last named was selected as secre
tary and i Captain Denicke as . chairman.
The 'following named were appointed as
a committee on membership:
Colonel C. H. Murphy. Captain F. Denicke,
Captain J. W. Miller. Captain J. "W. 8. Butler,
Lieutenant, J. D. Hatch, Lieutenant F. Otis
and Lieutenant J. A. MoGe».
Th© commander of the Alumni Associa
tion appointed ¦ the .- following executive
committee: " '
Upon the graduation of the officers of the
regiment they are commissioned by the Gov
ernor of' the State of California and placed
upon the retired list, ranking from seoond lieu
tenant to colonel, and . rank with the . National
Guard officers.
The University of.' California has the
larg-est military deDartment- of any - uni
versity in the 'Unite*; States. The UnUer
sity Cadets have a;. regiment of "twelve
companies of infantry, signal corps, artil
lery detachment amlsnallitary band. There
are about nine hundred cadets under com
mand of Captain White, U. S. A., pro
fessor of military science and tactics, to
whom the credit of the efficiency, reached
by the organization is due. Colonel Bur
ton, inspector general of the United States
army, in one of his reports to the Secre
tary of War on the subject of college mil
itary organizations, wrote of the Univer
sity of . California. Cadets:
retired, all offlicera of the United States
revenue cutter service, all officers, active
or retired, of the National Guard of the
State of California and the Pacific Coast,
and the retired, officers of the University
Cadets shall be eligible to membership. A
committee was' appointed to confer with
Major Thomas "Wilhelm on the subject of
the eligibility of University of California
officers to become members of the Service
Club. Colonel Baaier, Major Dolman and
Captain F. Denicke constitute the com
mittee.
COMMANDER | OP /"ALUMNI COM
MISSIONED OFFBCEES 1 ASSOCIA
TION, WHO H/AS BEEN RE
ELECTED. / £
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL., FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 13, 1901.
5
; : .. THE^^POKXU^^^^ I . ¦ l THE EMPOEITJJL | THE EMPOBTCJ2I. : -
I °pf"i"s Sales rUiSassss ihe iwroRiiiii %w^' w*22 y;«^l
£ i¥SSSESnei*V' Is now-ready, i S:nd name and B wW^* " \^ n £ -»/ "D'ri and ""—The new book ry the • -J
it •-.. ** I . ¦¦•¦ " ¦ addre'es". WevvillmailitVree ¦?F. r --OoMeil1fclllett«aB»nrW- . „ '"^i f Eb f, n - ? olden r $1-05 J
£ '^a=--^ $7-00 Trimmed ' t0 anv out . o f. tovvnt) bnt • CALIFORNIA'S LARGEST-AMERICA'S GRANDEST STORE The Column -Instead ot £1.50, Extra Special *
*¦ jfTsf^^^Sii* Hat * ~~ ° ne "ft" " ' ' ' ' ': . •. ' W — Th= Jacket in -^^^^L. '5
$ ¦ !^^^^&^? immcd m^e S o! The ma^nifi cent Opening Displays for the Fall and Winter Season remain intact for^pLwdtv's &MSj *
K i^^^^^^^^ 4 blc^'an^colored with the ""P 1 " 011 of the tables in the main ais'e. They have been prepared for the Friday Special Sales, and when you on \ y . th ; s ° n=w *M»SiS£ °5
J» ve'vets, w : th La . c ° me tns morning will be found stocked with a dozen things that you want at the Bargain Day Prices which you like to pay. 2 '-inch all-woo! *@ ~Ji %
*: L^ ic befor b e e such Thousands of Fresh Cut Flowers will be placed on the bovver over the music Kersey jacket, I|55fe?Y i
'<% t^ts%ffisJ^^s8 i a compete line or s'and before the concert to-morrow night, and when the hundreds of incandescent lights in the great dome are turned on a 'l s Ik lined, in fS/£r^^£uf^,
jtf <W[^^W 8ach ver> high '" to r morrow ' c ' w ''i^ e a e '" of bea^ light tan, castor, /\ » H \S } -Jf
il price^cu' mly «- erav^ 0 ' / I f 5
[« • P «t 'much, lor Hal 1 , second floor, dai y jr ;m 1 1 a. m. to C p. m. v - . ' g x,,a jaewt . i • ! / "J
ft _— *4>W^ we ar= prepaid to ; ' " :; ¦ : ' ' " " - '¦ -• ' 3 * " ¦' that WC are go- f /\ [/ J
| g^^^S?^^Sf^li(§C^^^"|^S Cushion Tops, With Writing Tablets Be. « g M to £" c mt « \^o \% |
lU.W wLap-ft^ A -?^^ $IO - OO; t0 A^^l I
» Extra Sp:Cla!— Ntwrtt shapt felt W a Ring couch covers, etc., the regu'ar. igc per yard -, ¦-> We have purchasid , . , , . .. £ I £&/& SW CZ *&>$&?£&& "3
£ Hat, tr mmid with fancy Peman and Dottei quality, will be on f a!e in main a sle _ j, f .^ an assorted lot of F»-ket and letter az.s, special Fr.day _ && m*f& 1^^^^ «|
Searf, all tne newest co ois; rtrguar'.y an l very to-day only at ...-...!.;.' MUC ' J^ 1 01 V Ioco Cushion y " **w t- ' ' 'J
k' cheap at $1. 25, special price Aft ' — ~ : " Tops » eicix w!th • " ~ ' "*
I fo,o F »in t » 1 -<*** . Speciaisaie of °S-^-- Boys ' Suits at Bs * r ' 35c Ribbons, j
! AFJannelSafe Men's Fait Suits, £££S2 galn PHces ' §Q O i
•g M ruSSnnGI <9*t9V &17;3O Values, i^^^^ ventW, .™ker. ; Three great va'ues for the iittle fel- *&l*m
5 50S Grade 36C . ff ¦> and croM-sttch de- lows to-day and to-morrow. aooo jards of 44nchityish wft weave novelty J
»•' • • j • r . . ' !*¦•'•'» ;. : L. " «gni. I They are . .. fan:y ribbons, with gilt ttripe, ribbons Tery &
K An opportun? offering right at the beginning of. ¦ ¦' ¦' ¦ ,-.• * '..-•, . ,• j fy... ' • _ *:';•: / the cushion sets < ' X*T**X desirable for neck bow» and millinery pur- 1*
JS the «e\=on when you need flannels! These afc . . : j; Tfc ' i . .. - " "" that we tell regularly for 50c — youw m gm ' 0^k Wf^Xl poses, all of the much-b-demand Colon, a *2
j^ our high-grace French flannels in plain colors; I ..'. \- m^-J ¦'¦• ' 'usually ; ; .g.o O d '. to-day, only—top and back comp-ete I SC htS /f*\ 35c valuj. On special sale Friday -#% %
¦¦ it : not a trokm lot; but a newllne in this laU « - F*fJ .; • . values in the very ; ?\.. . _— ¦ ¦ U7 raKW J&L only; per yard -.. iSO X
»» colorings including cadet blue, rose, navy, J&L^ latest and most ****** S f "/flVs W^ /T^SN %
H French bue.pnk garnet, new gt«n,he;io % . >>» fashionable effects for CharleS Km HarHs' l)l<(\ !2=T /utf-M F%B <3 0% *
f X^X^^:36o_ .;/J^..^as^- :^g«NOTWw*^»:- IT-M^Um f'^iues 12c. j
K — — i ' /-Jt ' AtV aerials from which 75C AihlMt 29C. fT*\ ' T-JJ \** YC "C-- Very pretty, metal p aques. upon which.*.. «
K _^ •_ ( W\ \ \Ea tochoo«e Black and . ... !^T. ™ £•"¦;£*£?£% - W K >L • " nety. of charming pictures are amstically exe- 5
$ StteOtat Safe Of ~ \ N\ * nT) blue ' unnnighoi Th " 8 1 eat bargain is for' Friday only— Charle 8 Y L.| ~] VAJU<: " T*',' J cuted b oil co'ors; they aie fin'ihed with a }
2> • - n * „ m->m.- ' \ \, I worsteds ( fast color \ K: Harr's\ Album de Luxe, containing the Tl f /7 P^ T 2 ?' <7J .1 P gilt rim around edge, »nd have rings on back X
tf Fruit Jar Fillers \^^ ' T[/ w^Iy&niychtSti wordJ ' iad music of hii Utest succeM ' " For \\ // / \ - JL/ with which M haa s- i°«tead of a 5c , the 5
1 1|,.,, ? t v i( «w|p||(fi zLf f W^M °^r g ;:;^r 7^ t t: .W W-' W lillii^::: 12c I
fc' '«5l and quick y; it saves' • / / ' P ! a Ms in the popuar * «»«««»« y low price.'^^, \V U / UN *
«» nTn timr, 'atorani monev. I ¦¦ t each.... • iSHtS /JAA J£ tt. . fl x\ ¦ ' — *"¦¦*.«
Jt ' -la t-l c ' II greens, o.ives, browns tl\yf ' Qf~ fl I \?k^ .^ __ _ «r
t^. J® I£i: ! lf7% ¦ n \:- : b&^n ~ , ¦ gP^ SOo Neckwear 27c \
K W**^, tiChi we hive bought ' /, .{ ' K , . . ades "with ' ThiS L&Mtp 43 Cm Double-breasted Suits, aU-wool Chevioestnd 2OO dozen ' X
h ?h« hl .™f«l °/' 'Th ' " --t^ military 'shouK To-day only, 49 c for the lamp complete with Cassimere,, in sizes for coys 8 to 15 year,, Men's 5°C 3«
I yJ^I to^rthhJn't dcrs, not a suiting burn., chimney ' P «• ?4-oo. Speeul . ggfg Teckand Four- '*
ti VfirT^T? f \v I i ..lot worth less than and white or i sa e price *0*mm-T%9 . _ • *-BB^gy*rt9XP .J
%i \zf, of tne s> ason, at a I *./-., v ¦ a ¦ 7 m-iianus, new fsJVUM^Mkv J»
fc A W, rricc which enibles I 1A .. $1 6.50, th; . larger green fluted Russian Knickerbocker Suit?, made of Cheviots , *j .„,, «Wffi5l ,%
fc' - I us to offer them to!''" W " ? T ot } hem made t0 shade \- " d the m * < W Strges; colcra red, brown, blue and fancy shapes and pat- *
g I 1 dareach-tfiftt '^ sell at $17.50. Fri- new double 5\ jrfP mixtures; trimmed with silk soutache braid, tern3 » whlch our SI MftM 3
£ &&k = 3g£> ¦' B&G • - • • - *? a y^« nd Saturday frame m "^-^^^7||'\\\^^^ sizes for 3 to 6 vears, va'u^s __ buyer recently Mf #&&Z£V\A 5
5 ***** '-—, .,C -cut to ¦ .-', 8 * €, and $6. Speciil sale price S3. 98 P^edup at a Mf &^^t% *
S . ¦ '. /*»&*% f% F* ' ' " ; ' '.tachmsnt; Any IM ' ' ver Y Iow P rIcf » fXJ *K&S'1l>VV i "\ c *
tf • " S&BiCBaOi&M ' 'cWi "can put m Bo y j> Norfolk Suits, with plaits and belts, W M be offered at £$ §£$SrfffiM& £
* Bf><zt /f**~~*«*~*<*^~> ..' ¦•" *~"*.~ . this mantel on, ' CSl made of blue Serge, fancy all-wool Cheviot, gpec!a l sa l c Fri- BH MJw£3&XQ %
£ **S 9 &&mGff*y . . • and i:. give , „ ..«« for 7 to,3 years, were day lnd Saturd ay; te/ ffi$Mm^ *
K B3..44*.* qo Sate of B'Jouterfo .':««*«»& M - * * 7 - so< s f c l al .»! e P ri «- 9+-9O each.. 7r y %
I Butter 38b msweeko^^ -••.;•, . M , 27c -^^-
J^, Is there a housekeeper in San Francisco FrGtn Regular ' PHceSm * his -.. 5°.^ is W" , V % \ N<x1 *»©» » m S ntanam Cftoni'i/c: £
»' who does not know what an Empo- - ku '. f u " ' k V/V • " i. r ? 6 5 c- Friday spe- " . •• \f)Vm&i HOSC LfUUUr &pGUi*at& .j
g U§§-< Bk § M liip IS^il ¦ v::.:::::::: 49c \ -mm ¦ "to. W^W&MsM I
» think so. \Vc give exactly what the mounted 0.1 French Gi t; Copper enameled* . ;¦—;'— . . _ . - . . '/////Jl -Good quaUty selected n « r-« i-« m.«^, n. i-«t ! m nm»J r-» 2
J?V Y ! , "" , tn y ,V, 3tit .^ hC - Bronzes, and a line of French Jewelry-the La lies' imported fin:: gauge Maco Cotton Hose, ' Jm/Mk re B« " *S' "**. that " ' * ' V * " ,', : '; V * ' ' " ", ' . f f. U ° %
fc market affords; tJ-day 2 regular SIZC latter, remarkable imitation of, precious s_ton«: ' red ground, viith white or black extracted ' irftfm MM? w >" outwear nvst 2«c R. B. Hayden Whiskey— Bottled m bond; r-g-
tf Squares for 75C } r""'OO^%' - These art.Vesta^e in P ;rice: : . from faioo to" figur.-sanJ po ka dct«, an exceptional'y gcoi ' kinds. Special Friday and : n'arly Ji.oo; ipscial toJay only. .. .;H5O J
# Stn£i:squarc $10.00 each regularly; until ' closing tim; to- qua'ity of hos-, umal'y sold at 35c a # _ jMJllnlr^ ' Saturda y> P er « «v Johannis Mineral Water Quart* — R?cu!arly
*° -.....•.. nurrow qne-(A:i»rf O//» , l'--?. : . '" pair, are off. r.-d for lh?s day only atr#O€? <^M^ . pair m7C f*-*5 dozen; special to-day only...^f . SO «J
The dentist should: 50 Jn for politics.
He has a strong pull- : .FRIDAY. . ... . . . . : . .- . : . . . .SEPTEMBER 13, i9Qt
• JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor. ;.
liirtit AU CoaacaicaUcai t« W. 8. LEAKS, Muftger.
MANAGER'S OFFICE .Telephone rre«« 2O4
PUBLICATIOX OFFICE. .'. Market and Third, S. F.
Telephone Prew 201.
EDITORIAL ROOMS.*.. .217 to 22X Stevenson St.
Telephone Prena 202.
Delivered by Carriers, 15 Cent* Per Week.
Sfngrle Copies.. S Cent*.
Terms bj- Mail, Inelndin«f Pontacei
DAILY CALL (including Sunday), one year.... ...... .."...tf.W
DAILY CALL (including: Sunday), 6 months >-M
DAILY CALL <includlne Sunday). S r-^onths. 1-50
DAILT CALLr-By Single Month............... • ~<j
6UNDA.Y CALL, One Year *•**
WEEKLY CALL, One Year • ••••••;*¦
All postmaster* are aothorlied to receive
subscriptions. ;
Eaaiple coplei will be forwarded when requested.
Mail eubscribOTS In ordertn* change of address should be
particular to give both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS In order
to Insure a. prompt and correct compliance with their request
OAKLAND OFFICE. 7777777T. ..-.HIS Broadway
C. GEORGE ICROGTfESS.
Hunger Tenlga. Adyertiiiag, M»riuett« Building, Chie go.
(Long Distance Telephone "Central 2613.") *
ICETW TOHK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CARI/TOX. i .; .Herald Square
KEW YORK REPRESENT ATIVE:
6TEPHK3T B. S5IITH 3O Tribune Bnildinjc
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
*Bh«rmaa House; P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel;
Fremont House; Auditorium Hotel.
NEW YORK "NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf- Astoria Hotel; A. Brentano, 31 Union Square;
Murray Hill HoteL
WASHIXGTOX (D. C.) OFFICE. . . .14OC G St., 'X. W.
MORTOX K. CRAXE, Correepondent.
BRA3TCH OFFICES — 527 Montgomery, corner of Clay, open
until 9:30 o'clock. S00 Hayes, open until 9:30 o'clock. €33
.McAllister, open until $:S0 o'clock. 6J£ Lafkin. open until
J:SO o'clock, im Mission, .open. until 10 o'clock. 2261 Market,
corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock. 1096 Valencia, open
until 9 o'clock. 106 Eleventh, open until 9 o'clock. KW.
corner Twenty-second and Kentucky, open until 9 o'clock.
22CD Fillmore, open until 9 p. m.
SENORITA SILVIA ALFONSO Y ALDAN A, BLACI^ HAIRED, -LIQUID ETED, CLEVER AND VIVACIOUS, EASILY
• WINS THE HAVANA CONTEST FOR THE MOST |EAUTIFUL WOMAN OP CUBA AND GOES TO GOTHAM.
ACCOMPANIED BY THE FORMER QUEEN. ." : t , . ' :
A one hundred million dollar trust is being formed
in ; Philadelphia. Such little things as that hardly
receive the of passing. commcuL;
I CO-RON ADO . TENT '.CITY, Coronado Beach, j
¦ Cal..' :vrlll i'bo -thtiPopular -summer Teeort ..this
leason. j f It famous last '• year r f or ' coto
• fort, \ entertainment 'and -health. splendid
cafe was a. wonder, the fishlnjr unexecelled.- -
South American "diplomats are .very muchdisturbed
by a fear that, the United States in . seeking to pre
vent a - South" American war is exceeding" botrT it's";
authority arid its -privilege. The disturbed ones,
should have a care that Uncle Sam does: not ; go fur- :
ther and insist upon peace even" at the expense of .
. ¦j' J . European are^engaged-inVthe-task of re-^
j measuring'"the earth; so ;pe6p^le^ who 'think, of. buyingl
[ it will soon know exactly' how/much 'there' is^ of it " :
: '.'¦. ¦ \-.> ,. .'¦ - . ¦ ; - ' ".:.:,¦¦¦
• . Extremes t meet in .this 'world, • and ' before -long \ the '¦
. man wlio : is"a Bryanitefin';the Democratic camp' will
bc-about.as 16i:esbme v as the man, who is virtuous., .
Commenting upon the appearance -of ,Mr. - George
Cumming at the 'meeting* of a number 'of anarchists'
of this city on the,S«nda3' following, the attempted
assassination of PrcsMent McKinley, The "Call
stated that Mr. f Cumming is a trustee of the
Mechanics' Institute Library, and- made the
point that .a man holding that', official pdsi- '
tion has no. right to associate with persons who up
hold ..the creed of anarchy either by precept or prac-*
tica In making the statement as t to the trusteeship
The Call was in error. -Mr; Cumming has held that
office, but does not hold it now. The institute is
therefore in no wise affected by his opinions or his
associations; nor is he bound by any official obliga^
tion. to consider the institute in anything he may
Serial rights are the modern novelet's
chief means of income. A successful nov
elist-will receive £5 ($25> for a thousand
weirds from an English magazine and £5
($25) a thousand from an American. If
the story runs to 60,000 words these will
yield £600 ($3000). Magazine rates rise to
a maximum for peculiarly popular" writ
ers of £10 ($30) ; or £12 i?§0) a thousand
words, while Rudyard Kipling andvPps^
sibly Dr. Conan Doyle may sometimes re
ceive, as much .as £20-. (|10p). •- .' ,. y !*r>j|
Exactrinformation" on this' Subject-- to
hard to obtain, but it is an obvious mat
ter : of business.^ 'When, for* exainple.' DrI
Conan DoyIa;- ; resuscitates .'-• Sherlock
Holmes: at the 'earnest wish of his pub
lisher he is able to demand an extra larga
fee. . A Trabli3her- -who is also a xnagazin« .
proprietor* will- often purchase .: both : the
serial and publishing rights ¦ at" the same
rate. ! ¦ -* : :" : - •; . ¦.'' '."" ".".
ing author will be accepted on^tha un
derstanding that his next two "or
books are ofTered to the sama -J«rew»
This happened when Messrs. /Ward ' Lock
& Co. made Mr. Boothoy'a' - D r
Mdola so great a feature of the Wind
sor Magazine. '.^;-
pear in the City Directory, either fci the
general portion or In the classified list of
newspapers; that It does not appear In
the newspaper directory of 1901. and the
further fact that upon inquiry on Golden
Gate avenue, where It was published
three years ago, the Information was
given* that the paper was no longer pub
lished. The publisher of that paper an
nounces that it Is still alive and is pub
lished weekly on Polfc street. The editor
of that paper never received a medal
from the Prince of Montenegro. t>nt about
three years ago George Kovacevlch "a
compositor on that paper, wa3 :r eiven'*
medal by the Prince. %> • " *
FORTS FISH AND CLINTON-T B
R., Ci^r. Forts Fish and Clinton wer'e in
IS-ew York, on the Hudson River, and
were used during the revolutionary war*
in the struggle for the Hudson. Thev
were standing during the War of 1S12.
For details of the forts in New York
old and new. g O to the Free PubHc
Library and . consult histories of New
-A party of German military officers ar
rived yesterday :from the Orient : and - are
now quartered at theidiflerent. hotels. The
party, -which is on its way across the con
tinent, 1 thence to Europe, consists of'Ma
jor .Baron yon "Buttlar, ¦¦'¦; Major . Gerhard,:
Captain- Engel, Captkin HIntze, Captain
Graef, , ¦ Captain Messing, -Lieutenant
Jantzen, Ldeutenantvon Lossow,'Lieuten
ant-Norwack, Lieutenant i von der Sode,-
Lleutenant 'Bethmann,- Lieutenant Nig
mann" and 'Lieutenant Poltzer.
S. .F. B. ; Morse; .assistant passenger
traffic manager of -the Southern Pacific at
Houston,, Tex., is a guest at the' Palace.
Mr. Morse has come here to ; meet
wife, who returned yesterday on the Doric
from a visit to Japan."
Rev. John McGinty.i pastor^ of Holy
Cross Church'; returned last ,night from a
three ; months' visit to his old home in
Wilkesbarre, • Pa: ; Father McGinty, says
that; during i the -time he was 'absent he
traveled about 13,000 . miles. -He returns in
the ; best of-health and spirits.: .
Don McKee, son of'\Tudge McKee r left
the city on '. Wednesday last for Mexico
to assist ;ln operating the -electric plant
foT^furnishing power and light to the.
mines at' San Fernandez, 'State of Du
rango/ : -- ¦ ¦ . . . . >?.-• ¦-¦-..: '¦
T. F. Fitzgerald, Pacific Coast passen
ger agent ' of the Texas and ; Pacific
way: at Los Angeles/is a 'guest ; at the Oc
cidental. He is in thiscity on routine
business connected with his .position.
iCustonis Surveyor-Spear and. Mrs. Spear
returned on the Doric yesterday from a
trip to the Orient: They are at the Pal
ace Hotel.
I. B. Hamilton, a merchant of Los An
geles, is among, the recent arrivals at the
California." '¦'['-¦ '-'[ ..; ' .
'C.Vivart, a civil officer connected with
the rRangoon bureau, is registered arthe
Palace. • ¦ '
Dr. W. D. Mosher. of Stanford is at the
California.
F. P. Meserve, an attorney of Redlands,
is at the Grand. . .. ; -
W. J. Nelson, a mining, man of Mojave,
is a guest at the Grand. -. ;
E..J. Oullahan, a real estate man of
Stockton, is at the Grand. J
Dr.. A. E. Hall of San. Jose is at the
Lick accompanied by his wife.
D. J. Flannigan, , a ¦ lumber - man of Eu
reka, is. registered at the Grand.
James Collins, a fruit grower of Court
land, is at the "Lick with his wife.
George P. Godsen has returned from Ja
pan and is registered at the Lick.
Mr. and Mrs. :F.- S. Morgan of 'Nevada
City are staying at the Occidental. <
¦ C. W. Easton, an attorney and politician
of Modesto, is a-guest at the Grand.
Thomas Flint Jr. is registered at the
Palace from his home'ih San Juan.
Milton McWhorter," an oil speculator of
Bakersfleld, is registered at the Grand.
An English publisher writes: "The cor
respondent who ' is ; conversant with the
publication of books both In England and
America is a most Intellectual,' painstak
ing man > In his' business. He is able to
judge of .'the merits of a. new book so far
as its literary, quality, is concerned, but he
is -not : always ; a, business man in an age
when advertising becomes more and more
essential^ in everyv business, '.with few ex
ceptions. He is timorous about spend
ing £100- ($500) .on a.' 'new -book. ¦ It is a
general -complaint among* authors that
: their -books' are t not /advertises.-. Accord
ing to many; of 'them advertising is less
when a writer. is receiving. a royalty than
when the publisher has boug-ht the book
outright. Certain publishers prefer to
take s the ' larger risk \ Jnupurehasing out
right from:. the.. author, .who .has at least
the advantage \ of , " r getting / paymen i at
once, and sometimes ! a larger '. payment
Into the bargain.' 'Authors* royalties av
¦ erape .'bet-ween- 10 janii 15 per cent on v the
; gr'oSs"; published : pride. u : - * .
iHall Caine,,whp is an. excellent man of
business, receives, a E higher percentage
than any other -writer.' *; Miss - Gorelll. who
Is his rival In • mammoth sales, is said
to^prefer.'.to have.a lacge Bum down and •
'a smaller royalty.'. 'It la rare for an au
thor- to: bind .himself; to^T a publisher for
anyllength of .tlnie.Uhough sometimes It
hacoens that 1 the first work of a promls
- - ¦¦- ; ' ¦-" > • ¦ '\{ ¦•¦''t;---'.'
.1 hear, that Justin Sj.cCarthjr, thanks to
a long stay on 'the bracing coast of Kent,
Is now in capital health.- To a friend who
the .other day; congratulated him on this
he laughingly, replied: ."Yes, you may
take it authoritatively, that I, am just 43."
Mr." McCarthy; Is. now working daily on
his history of thpreign .of Queen Anne...
The story, I believe, As largely con
cerned with Bath at the time when that
city was an all-popular and fashionable
resort. Such well-known, characters as
Dr. Johnson, Horaee Walpole, the Duch
ess . of Devonshire," David .Garrick, i Mrs.
Thrale and the Sheridans are introduced
into the tale. . Itschiefinterest, however,
is central in the beautlf ol . Miss . LInley
and Dick Sheridan, • whose romantic at
tachment ends after many exciting inci
dents, as > it actually, did end. Messrs.
Hutchihaoh are - the publishers of the
book. " ' ' . • - . • ¦ * . ' " ;
Sir Edward Blount's
which Longmans- are j to issue, are ex
pected to be most interesting. l Sir Ed
ward might be called the "Grand Old-
Englishman of Paris." Here will be read
his career in the French jCapital as an
English banker arid" pioneer of the
French railways. * His" reminiscences' in"
one field, or another cover the long pe
riod from Waterloo until the dea.th ;• of
Queen "Victoria, He. was in the British
diplomatic, service when George IV and
William IV were on the throne, and
years later went through the siege of
Paris. But, indeed, Sir Edward has ah
endless store of experience and informa
tion to draw /from. \ \ . ' ¦ . , .
The followers of Frankfort Moore will
get his new-novel about the middle of
this month; It is a~ historical romance
and has for its title "A Nest of Lin
nets." : " - J
YACHTS LAUNCHED-O. A. K City
The yacht Columbia was launched" Juna
10, 1S99; the Shamrock II, April 20 r 190L
and the Constitution, May 6, 1901. >
ANSWERS TO QUERIES
PERSONAL MENTION.
LONDON BOOK GOSSIP
•?.-¦ . . . . —~f .-, ; v •..¦•'-- .•:".¦••¦"'
G'.UBA'S "Queen of Beauty,"- Senorita. Silvia Alfonso' y
•Aldama, is in town, says the New -York World. She
arrived on the Ward line steamer Morro Castle, from
Havana, and is stopping at the Hotel MarlbOroUgh. .'
She is a young woman of 20 years, as vivacious as a' Parisl
enne and with the rare taste in dress of her French sister.
This may be due to the fact that she was educated in France.
She .speaks ¦ French as fluentjy, as she does Spanish and her
English is marked with the prettiest kind of an accent.
Senorita Alfonso -has the black hair and the liquid brown
eyes • typical of the Cuban woman. Her complexion is; much
paler than the average Cuban's, forming a fine contrast to her
eyes and hair. . •-
She is a clever and witty talker, and regards the distinction
she bears of being the prettiest woman of -Cuba -as -something
of a good natured joke.
"My friends are responsible for it," she said with "a smile.
. Every three or four years a new beauty Is chosen In Havana
by popular vote, the contest being managed by La Figaro, the
Cuban- newspaper. The contest which resulted in the election
of Senoxita Alfonso took place in March last^ She received
16,320 votes. Her- nearest competitor was Senorita, Marguerite
Mendoza,- who received between 10,000 and 11,000 votes.
"Miss Mendbza is far inore deserving of the honor than I
am," said '.the "queen," "and early In the contest had the most
votes, but I have a number of good friends who worked hard
In ray behalf." '
The Senorlta's father, Cristobal Alfonso, is a wealthy mani
although , her grandfather/ Miguel Aldama, sacrificed his
fortune during the Ten Years' ."War.
The teauty was chaperoned by Mr. and Mrs. Villes Pulldo;
a, newly married couple, who are on their honeymoon and ara
en route to Paris. Senora Pulido was Cuba's "Queen o£
Beauty" four years" ago. . .
Senator Taylor is a candidate for re-election, and
probably people who admire his smartness may be
inclined to vote for him in the expectation that he
will at' the next session of the Legislature show fur
ther smartness by introducing a joker in some other
part of our laws that will be equally profitable to
those on the inside. The average voter, however,
is not likely to admire astuteness of that kind, or to
approve of that sort oi statesmanship. No doubt "it
is very clever in the' way of legislative trickery, but
it costs too much for the performance to be attrac
tive to the taxpayer. Inevitably there will be a good
deal of kicking against the new law; and in the kick
ing Senator -Taylor will be fortunate if he, escape get
ting a good portion of it from his constituents.
The full extent of the wrong done to the interior
counties may not yet be fully understood by the
people, but tney will have an understanding of it
brought home to thim before long; .When the next
tax levy is made up in their counties and the Super
visors seek out property to be taxed- to' make up the
deficiency due to the absence of revenues from the
saloons, the moral of the situation will be plain to
all. ' ¦ ,
heavily as they should be.
The gain to the manipulators of. the scheme may
be passed over as a matter of private business, but
the 4oss to the counties is an affair of public concern.
The revenues hitherto obtained from county licenses
of the saloon traffic must be obtained elsewhere, and
that means a heavier burden upon the taxpayers gen
erally. The saloon business is an unproductive, in
dustry, which adds' nothing to the wealth of the com
munity, so that the shifting removes the burden from
a traffic that could readily have borne it and places
it upon the productive industries of the counties,
which are already taxed for county purposes about as
The Call has thoroughly exposed the effect of the
amendment and also the profitable use to which Sen
ator Taylor put it He and his allies who solicited
the saloon men of the State to employ them < as coun
sel to fight any attempt on the part of Boards of Su
pervisors to impose a revenue tax upon them have
won their game. They did not make as much as they
would have done had not The Call exposed the trick,
but doubtless they made a good deal, for they were
busy in getting contracts from saloon-keepers some
time before the exposure was made. They are there-;,
fore somewhat richer than they were, and the county
treasuries will be in future a good deal poorer.
VALID and sound is the "joker" which Senator
Taylor interjected inio the law authorizing
Boards of Supervisors and the legislative
bodies of incorporated cities and towns to regulate
the liquor business. It is no longer in the authority
of such bodies to issue licenses for purposes of. rev
enue. The decision was given by the Supreme Court
in the case of Henry Pfirrman of-Los Angeles, who
objected to paying' a tax imposed by the county, and
it unqualifiedly affirms the validity of the amend
ment. . • . •
THE "JOKER" IS VALID.
"So might>\ve continue with , many other counts of indictmerit,: every one capable
of being -established in verity, and still; the half riot be told : of -the -influence that I is
destroying modesty in one sex, and ¦ cultivating brutality <and cbntempt.for law '.and 1 order
in the; other." ¦& ¦ ¦ ¦¦¦¦¦ ¦ :,-r : ;. .-.',, ; " ". - . -•- 7 • ; ;
. : Space- is- lacking for the volume of like comment that has come '-.to- hand.; In' all
the chorus of detestation'ahd-rebuke only -one voice in the press 1 has been lifted^in behaif
of Hearst. The CT\rOfiidey • 'Virginia; City, .Nevada,' ventures his ; defense, saying : "The at
tempt of certain citizens and journals of to connect thejBfe§Lrst^a^rs^^tn
the assassination of the. President is very sill}^ arid ; unjust; : It -cannot be denied^vtHat^in
some respects the Hearst journals arejfaky,: insincere and decidedly yelloWi but* in ;their
general- policy they haveVshown. themselves the friends of the common peopled' ; .
\ Hearst may take; wliatf comfortlhe fiivdsiriVthis; ;and "the common fjeople" what
pleasure-they may 'm/'the possession^of"a!'faky,iinsincere; and yellow'' {friend:
"This lurid press, like the Examiner,, the Journal and the; Chicago American;
cartoon the President one day as a public enemy, thetool of malign .influences and the
puppet of oppression, and the very next, when public indignation , is : aroused^by the -act
of an assassin, sycophanticly laudhim as. pure, kindly and devoted to ,, the • highest and
best interests of the people. ;: / •'-,'.
"It is this order of journalism that makes way for the. lawless anarchist, no matter
what professions of innocence are offered. It has brought respect for authority into con
tempt; it has belittled the law and sneered at its administrators; -it has debased criti
cism — to ; -which all officers of the people are -properly subject— into vilification and libel;
it insidiously teaches that it is heroic to defy the law and resist its . orBcefs in- the dis
charge of duty. • . . \v ; :
"It has done .its vulgar best to- stimulate unholy, unrest, to .fire envy into the blaze
of hatred, and to make the distinctions" between conditions -the causes for unjustified
bloody revolt. ' V-. v \ : '•" \ '. ':"¦ '.'•"'¦;¦">¦. ;,:'. .V;. ',.;•':•¦¦• : ;-_ ; '¦',''
"It has made recitals of crime the daily food of ; the million, and' its criminals ;the
heroes of the hour. It -has sensibility in youths by its shameless immodesty, and
has debased regard for woman by lauding' her weakness, and making "her, shamelessness
with still more debased men the chief literatureiof lurid pages of daily nastiriess. ... '
"It '-'has/taught the "doctrine; of resistance to la\vful authority as ? a virtue, and has
kindled in the minds of youth, brought into its baleful atmosphere, the belief .that law is
oppressive and lawlessness heroic. ¦ - :
"Not since McRinley's first 'inauguration has William R. Hearst suffered one -re
spectful utterance, one decent remark, to be made in the papers he has^ controlled con-,
cerning the Presideilt or concerning any other gentleman connected with the adminis
tration. He has done his best and used his vast .fortune to brings the President into con
tempt and to make* jiim a reproach to the people: who exalted him. By means of ;his
wealth — a wealth he himself could never have acquired— Hearst has been able to pur
chase the talent and > the ability that with i pen and pencil have thus showered vilification
and abuse upon the chief magistrate of the nation— the mari 'whom the world honors,
but whom Hearst d6es not honor or respect. : ' '. .
"In addition "to this Hearst ¦*¦ . daily foments strife among the people, stirring up
envy, hatred, malice and all uncharitableness in one class against another.
"Is it strange; then^ that ill the public he has sought to educate and to sway men
are to be found who are capable of assassination, men who would consider it.their duty to
kill such a man as Hearst has taught them to believe McKinley is?" .. . . ' ..'_.
Times-Index, San Bernardino : "The shooting of the President is: partly at least
the result of 'vilifications heaped on him daily by the San Francisco and other
treasonable "papers. Scarcely a day passes but "that venomous sheet by* word and pic
tures vilifies the" President and Vice President., in every way exciting / hatred \ and ani
mosity against them." "" .'¦..'¦ ¦ ; . ,. ; : •
V' Sentinel ;-Red Bluff: "The chaotic condition of affairs which '¦brought about the
attempted assassination of our President will continue in this country until such time- as
the people see fit ta curb the license of these twin evils, the yellow press and the loud
mouthed demagogue."
Independent? Stockton: "The suggested reward' of Parker, the'cqlored man who
| struck down the assassin of President McKinley, should be approved- as a'' measure" of
simple appreciation and justice. The only difficulty is that some yellow newspaper like
the Examiner would seize upon the movement to advertise and glorify .itself."
Record r Union: "We have always held to the belief that the sensational and lurid
press have been sapping the very foundations of society by corrupting tastes and lower
ing the standards of the rising generation.
"Of that press the San Francisco Examiner, the New York Journal and the Chi
cago American are foremost types. This 6rder of vicious journalism; at once shameless
and hypocritical, is forever explaining when driven to corner by the logical results of its
preaching that-it means no harm. , The anarchistic advocates employ the same plea, and
pretend to 'abhor the taking-of human life, while preaching doctrines that inspire their
devotees to assassinate. . ' ; ' .
"Day after ddy they have printed cartoons in which he" is portrayed in the* most
despicable character! and. made food for the laughter of fools. ;..: - ¦
I Alameda Argus: "The chief ' inspiref of the boycott irwgerieral ; is the Examiner.
It is the apostle of I striking, boycotting, mobbing and- any sort of lawlessness." i !
Chicago Journal: "What man now in office has not been assailed in -terms too vile
for repetition by the; New York Journal, the Chicago American and the Sa%;Francisco
Examiner? Th^se papers have vilified President McKinley in language so outrageous
that billingsgate 'is respectful when comparedwith it. , _¦ , ' ;
Therefore, the following comments from .the press* cannot be said to misplace rcS^
sponsibility for the attempt to, murder the Presidentj: and for other lawlessness ''•'and dis
order, when they lay it at Hearst's door. • - • '
The Sunday News, Sacramento, says: "Some of the' newspapers ; : that .are '.now
filled with weeping brutally .denounced 1 President McKinley. Up^to^ the-, day he was;
stricken down he has been, viciously lampooned as a 'pliant tool; of corrupt trusty combi
nations engaged in the business of plundering the people. There ;: is"*nqt ; ;sucii/^aV^(ic
difference between the ; murder of reputation 1 and murder of the man. himself:''-.' - .<
San Jose Mercury: •'"The right of free speech and free press has been .abused to
inculcate the doctrine of anarchy,. to plot and exploit murder and to itTie
Government itself." i - ;* ." V s ¦ : : '.
This libel is und^th'e'eaption, "The ' i McKinley/MiniStTds: 0! N6;.6TC^khbws"whefltiw
the sodden mind of Hearst regards this a:s;^vit y or whether, appealing to the least intel
ligent people, he has found that- such - pictures influence them more than text which -per
haps they cannot read. . - ? v .'* ¦ ¦ - . :
"On our merry automobiles ¦ ';¦ -'-'.
;.' We.gotearing.down ze pike,
• And we rievaire mind ze Jaws,
'. "• ..Because we make 'em as we like. - .;
When • ze common people meet us— «\ ¦
Oh, ze: sport it is immense— , , "
» - For we. crush <him .till he ; looks; like
What you call z<i thirty cents."
fHE .press : has lined up; with unusual > unanimity in fixing the ultimate responsibil- 1
ity.'^fo^ the Attack .upon the President on .the lyellow; journals, 1 ; and especially upon
Hearst's three • papers. .And why are they -and he not responsible ? v So far he «has
not' dared 'to^attempt any explanation, but ! has .tried ltd cover i his f resh tracks with
pretended lamentation over-the crime he incited; r
i£.. Readers of the Examiner remember its cartoon of the-President -as a negro min
strel rejoicing over the -sorrbws/of the poor,.in acoon song, : published the morning of
the -day on .which the assassin attempted, his life.- Hearst's 'Chicago American on tthe day
before the assassination printed -a quarter-page cartoon representing a machine like an
automobile running over and killing a distressed person- labeled "The Common People,";
and with a heavy press squeezing thellife; out "of another figure called "Labor," while the
President with "blackened face was represented looking on, applauding and singing:
SPIRIT OF THE PRESS
CUBA'S QUEEN OF BEAUTY IS
NOW VISITING GAY NEW YORK
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAIiL, FK1DAY , ftElTT EMBER 13, 1901
6
Special information supplied dally to
buslneS3 houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont-
gomery street. Telephone Main 1W2. •
: .. ¦ v ; -^i ¦ ;-;--•
It takes a floating debt to sink a fie*- -
cerate plunder.
Cai-glace fruit 50c per lb at Tow'nsend's.*
Choice candles, Townsend's, Palace Hotel*
i^
J^TCrSEBGENTS.
California— "The Lottery of Love."
Orpheum — Vaudeville.
Columbia— "A Royal Family."
Central— "A Voice From the Wilderness."
Alcazar— "The Taming of the Shrew." ,
Tivoli— -Taust."
Grand Opera-house — "Quo Vadls."
Chutes, Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
eventas.
Fischer" s— Vaudeville.
Recreation Park— Baseball.
gutro Baths — Open nights.
AUCTION SALES.
Bt G H Umbsen & Co.— Monday, September 23. at 12
o'clock. Crooks 1 Estate Properties, at 14 Montgomery street.TO SAIL.
Steamer. Destination. Sails. Pier.
September IS.
Corona Redondo & "Way... 9 am Pier 11
f-erapis...V.i, Hamburg & "Way.. 12 . m Pier 27
G. W. Elder. Portland & Astoria U am Pier 24
City Puebla.. Puget Sound Ports 11 am Pier 9
September 14.
St. Paul...... Nome & St Michael 10 am Pier 24
Pomona Humboldt I ..• 1:30 p Pier 9
September 15. .
Arcata... Coos Bay 12 m Pier 13
San Pedro Humboldt 10 am Pier 2
Santa Kosa.. San Diego & Way 9 am Pier 11
September 1O.
Czarina. Seattle & Tacoma.. 5 pm Pier 8
Eureka Humboldt .......... !t am Pier 13
Point Arena.. Point Arena 2 pm Pier 2
September IS. - ¦
Australia Tahiti direct 10 ani Pier 7
Walla Walla. Puget Sound Ports 11- am Pier 9
Newport Pnnama & Way... 12 mPMSS
September 10.
North Fork.. Humboldt 9 am Pier 2
September 2O.
Doric China and Japan.. 1 pm PMSS
September 21.
Colombia. Valparaiso & Way. 112 m Pier 10
Mariposa Honolulu j 2 pmlPier 7
Rainier... Seattle & N. What! 5 pmfPier '2
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast « and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
¦-Francisco Bay. Published by official
thority of the Superintendent. . -
. NOTE— The high and low. waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both place*.
FROM SEATTLE.
Steamer. : " Destination. Sails.
Humboldt Skaguay & "Way Ports. Sept. 13
Centennial..... Nome & .Teller Sept. 15
Al-Ki Skaguay & Way Ports. Sept. 16
Dolphin..'. Skaguay & Way Ports. Sept. 16
City of Seattle. Skaguay & Way Ports. Sept. IS
Oregon Nome & Teller Sept. 18
City of Topeka Skaguay & Way Ports. Sept. 20,
Farallon Skaguay-& Way Ports. Sept. 20
Garonne Nome direct...'. Sept. 20
FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 13.
Sun rises ....5:49
Sun gets.".... .........6:22
Moon sets ¦ ............0:00 p. m.
Time . Time . Time . Time
Date Ft. —^ Ft. Ft. Ft
L W H W = L-W H W
12.'". <4:45 0.5 11:27 5.4 6:05 1.3 11:29 5 2
13... 5:21 0.9 11:59 5.4 5:46 1.1
-,_ H W ; L. AV H W - t, W
14... 0:15 5.0 5:M 1.3 12:30 5.6 6:28 1.0
15... 1:90 4.8 6:25 1.6 1:00 5.3 7.05 0 5
16 .. 1:50 4.5 6:56 2.0 1:29 6.3 7:50 0 9
17-.. 2:40 4.3 7:30 . 2.4 1:56 .5.1 8:35 0*3
18 .. .3:35 '4.0 8:10 .2.8 2:36 5.0 9-30 0*8
19 .. 4:39 3.9 8:51 3.0 3:10 4.9 10:25 o's
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
tho early morning tides* are given In the left
hand ' column ¦ and the successive tides ' of thi
day in tho order of occurrence as to time* the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day, except whej^ there are but three tides, as
sometimes -' occurs. ' The heights given are' in
addition to the soundings on the United States
Coast Survey charts, except when a minus ( )
sign precedes the height, and then the number
piven is subtracted from the depth; given by
the charts. The plane of reference is the mean
of the lower low .waters.. ¦ - ' " - -r,
Transport Sumner Departs.
The United States army transport Sum
ner on- her voyage to Manila will call at
Honolulu to coal and pick up. a few pas
sengers. She got away from the wharf
at noon, but it was 2 p. m. before she
sailed, through having to wait for some
teachers who came here on the overland
train, which was behind time. Those who
went away on the transport were::
Major Philip Reade,' Fourth Infantry; Sec
ond Lieutenant E. H. Agnews and wife,- Mrs
C. E. Deutler and child. Mrs. I E. H. Jones and
son, Mrs. E. B. , Gose and nurse,« Mrs. C. C
McCullough and child. Miss McCullough, Mrs"
A. B. . Kerwin, Miss Rica Moyer, t Mrs. E. S
West, Mrs. Henry D. Brown, Mrs. Frank
Jernlgan and child, Fred Barker and wife
Mrs. D. S. Bum and children. Mrs. Charles
McLene and children, E.V; Johnson, Mrs. W
O. Thornton and child, James R. Hull, Mrs
D. M. Dodge and two children, ¦ Miss Emily
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
Merchandise for the Orient.
The steamer China sailed yesterday for China
and Japan with a general cargo valued at
$242,907, manifested and destined as follows:
For China, $177,942; Japan, ;H0,403; Manila,'
$15,866; East Indies. $204*; Korea, $5623; .Vladi
vostok, $1030. The principal , exports were as
follows: '• \j\ '.'?'.¦ " .<
To China— 1451 cs canned goods, 900 lbs bread
12 pkgs agricultural implements, 378 lbs but
ter. 6218 lbs coffee, 12,250 lbs codfish 3541 lbs
cheese, 203 bales dry goods, 1185 lbs dried fruit '
2201 bales domestics, 475 bales drills and Sheet
ings. 3S9 bxs fruit, 9275 bbls flour. 737 pkgs
groceries and ' provisions, 2431 lbs ham 6 csks
ginseng. '6 rolls leather, 9 cs liquors. *1223 lbs
lard, ¦ 5000 lbs pearl barley, 18 cs rubber goods.
23 cs salmon, 8 cs wine. '
¦ To Japan— 5190 lbs butter. 22 era bicycle's and
sundries,- 82 canned goods, 625 lbs cheese
10 cs ' champagne,' 650 gals coal : oil, 1 3 cs drugs'
10.450 lbs dried fruit, 10O. bales domestics llj
pkgs fruit, 531 bbls flour, 210 pkgs groceries
and provisions, 3 csks ginseng, 900 lbs lard
72 rolls, leather.- 3106 pigs lead, '930 lbs : mill
stpffs, 11 pkgs .machinery, 19 cs rubber goods
112,000 lbs soda ash.^110 cs soap, 460 lbs starch'
166.990 lbs tan bark. .21 cs wine, 2100 kegs wire
nails. .' .'¦ " ; ¦••."'* ¦¦ •" ¦¦
To Manila-^4351 lbs hanvKPce hardware" 13
bxs fruit; 9 rolls leather. 170 cs wine,' ICOO'lbs
"Water Front Notes.
• "Ben Scrlbner," the Chinese cook of the
pilot-boat Grade S, had a narrow, escape
from drowning, yesterday. While getting
Into tlfe yawl he lost his balance and fell
overboard. Luckily Captain McCulloch
grabbed his queue and held him up' until
one of the sailors dragged him back into
.the boat.
The ferry steamer Sausailto will be
ready to go Into commission In two weeks
She will take up the run of the Tamalpals
and that vessel will then be fitted out to
burn oil.
The St. Paul will not get away for Nome
until to-morrow morning at 10 o'clock
The California Shipping Company's St
David made the run from Australia to
Honolulu in the good time of 38 days. She
will load sugar for San Francisco.
Brings Number of Passengers and
Small Cargo From the
Orient.
The Occidental and*Oriental Steamship
Company's Doric brought a light cargo,
but at big crowd of passengers. Among
those 'who came home were Surveyor- of
the Port Joseph S. Spear, who. with his
family, has been on a tour through the
Orient. < *
The Doric's cabin passengers were;
Mrs. F. Allen. J. Brett. Major Baron von
Buttlar, I. G. A.; W. H. Cox. Lewis Berr,
Lieutenant J. G. Doyle, U. S. N. ; Captain En
gel. I. G. A.; Assistant Surgeon J*\ M. Fur
long. U. S. N.: George P. God*y, Mrs. I.
Halsey. Captain Heintze, I. G. ;A. ; Lieutenant
Jantzen, I. G. A.; Lieutenant von Lossow, I.
G. A.: Mrs. J. T. Maclean. Miss Mary Mar
shall, John May, Dr. D. Erne6t Melliss, Miss
L. Miner, Miss J. E. Mitchell, Master Albert
Morse. Lieutenant Nowack, I. G. A.; Lieuten
ant E. E. Parsons, U. S. A. ; Captain I. W.
Rand. U. S. A.; Adolph Rock, Captain BarcX.
ley Russell, R. A.; Miss L. B. Smith, Charles
Stewart. Joseph S. Spear Jr., Rev. A. W. Tay
lor. Mrs. T. P. Terry. J. H. Threw. Rev. J.
Wherry. Judge Adair Wilson, Miss M. Wilson,
J. . Younuer, G. H. Holden, Lieutenant von
Bethmann, I. G. ¦ A. ; Mrs. J. Brett. Miss M.
A. Butltr. J, H. Denison. J. C. Donaldson-
Sim, E. Easton, Miss E. Forsell, Major
Gerhand, 1 I. G. A.; Captain Graef. I. G. A.;
Captain /Harrison. R. E.; Mrs. R. Howard.
Mies Sarah A. Lamb. J. T. Maclean. Mr«.
John A. Marshall, Miss Cary Marshall, Mr».
John May, Lieutenant D. P. Menefee. U. S.
N.r Captain Messing, I. G. A.;. Miss Morse,
Lieutenant NIgmann. I. G. A.; Lieutenant
Peltzer, I. G. A.; E. Pllley. E. Rickmers, W.
O. Rowe. E. W. Smith, Lieutenant von der
Sode. H. H. Scott, Mrs. Joseph S, Spear Jr.,
T. P. Terry, • Master Robert Terry, D. Uchl
yema. Ensign W. B. Wells. »U. S. N.: Mrs.
Adair Wilson,. Miss G. Wilson and J. H. Wil
son.
ABBIVAIi OF THE DORIC.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
. - - '....: Thursday. September 12.
Stmr Samoa, Hansen, 17 hours from West
port. ¦ ¦- ¦., ¦ '- .
Stmr Pomona. Shea, 18 .hours from Eureka
Stmr Santa Rosa. Alexander, 43 hours from
San Dieso.and way ports.
Stmr Arcata, Nelson, 55 hours from Coos
Bay. . • - : | . •
Br stmr Doric, Smith, 28 days 12 hours' B
minues from Hongkong, via Yokohama 16
days 4 hours 38 minutes, via Honolulu 5 days
19 hours 14 minutes.
. Stmr Thistle, Peterson, 14 days from Uga-
Eik. . : r • ¦ ,. . . - ,
1 Stmr Edith, Storrs, 50 hours from San Dieg-o
Bark C D Bryant, Colly, 19 days from Hono
lulu. •¦ :-_ - ;•«.•¦-.¦. .
Schr Jennie Griffin. Campbell. 5 hours from
Point Reyes. '.. -
SAILED.
CLEARED.
-', - ' Thursday, Septembsr 12.
Stmr Ventura, Hayward, Sydney and Hono
lulu ; J D Spreckels & Bros Co. .
Stmr China. Seabury, Hongkong and Yoko
hama, via Honolulu;. Pacific Mail SS Co • •
Stmr Geo W Elder. Randall,. Astoria; OR
& n Co. ¦-- ¦ <• . * , .:
Stmr -City- of -Puebla, Jepsen. Victoria and
Port Towneend; Goodall, Perkins & Co.
Br stmr Milton, Rainey, Nanatmo; John Ro
senfeld's Sons. ¦
Bktn Tropic Bird, Jackson, Papeete; J Pinet
& Co. .
Schr Newark, Crangle, —^-.
TELEGRAPHIC.
.Thursday, September 12.
Stmr National City, Dettmers,.Fort Bragg
Stmr, Ventura, Hayward,, Honolulu and Syd
ney: . v r ;
Stmr . Luella, Madsen, Caspar.
Stmr 'China, Seabury, Hongkong, etc
Stmr j Crescent City. Payne, Crescent City
Stmr Coquille River, Johnson, Grays Harbor
U S stmr Sumner, Lyman, Manila.
Br ship Clan Graham, Mclntyre, Queenstown
Fr bsrk Montebello. Marchandeau, Queens
town. • : ; i ' "\
Schr Vine, * Small, Mendocirio and Salinas
Cruz, in tow of stmr National City.
POINT LOBOS, ¦ Sep€ 12, 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind W, velocity 8 miles per hour.
SPOKEN,
July IS. -Iat;2 S, Ion 27 W— Gcr bark Schiff
bek, from Hamburg, for Santa Rosalia
Aug 26, .lat 24 N. Ion 21 W— Ger ship Alster
kamp, -from Hamburg,' for Seattle^
Aue 30. lat 24 N, Ion 24 W— Br ship .Clan
Macpherson, from Shields, for San, Francisco
Per. »tmr • Thistle— Sept 1, lat 63 07,'N 1 ion
162 06 W. schr- Salvator. '
DOMESTIC PORTS.
SANTA BARBARA— Sailed SeDt 12— Stmr
Chico, for Seattle. . &tmr
PORT TOWNSEND— Passed in Sept 12— Schr
Albert Meyer,., from San Pedro; stmr Hum
boldt, from Alaska: U S atmr Grant "• uul .
.POINT REYES— Passed Sept 6-^Br stmr Vic
toria, fipm Guayaquil, for Oyster Harbor
BRISTOL BAY-Sailed Aug 28-Ship America
and bark Guy C Goss, for San Francisco
SAN PEDRO— Sailed Sept 12— Schr H D Ben
dlxren, for , Port Townsend.
SEATTLE-Salled Sept U. 13 m-Stmr Walla
Walla, for San • Francisco. . . . »».«"»
Au e .3^-Brig. Courtney
cSsis^s^ass. ept i2 - s . tmr • j s ° uth
JJORT-' LOS •:: ANGELES— Arrived Sent 11—
Stmr Colon; ; f rom Honolulu. - - . • .¦ ; ' - -
PORT ' • GAMBLE^-Arrlved Sept 12— Schr
Maria E Smith, hence Aug 21. :.'
• SOUTH -BEND. Seot 12— Schr Louis from
Santa. Rosalia was spoken outside - and was
ordered to Humboldt. . . was
ISLAND PORTS.
HONOLULU^Arrlved Aug 31— Bark Abhv
Palmer, from Newcastle, Aus; Br bark Santa
.from 'Junin;; stmr Colon, from Port LosAnn
les :'Br stmr h Moana, from Victoria • SeDt •<—
Bark Olympic, hence Aug IS: achr Ariel, from
Tacoma; Br survey stmr Britannia, from Vn n ¦
nlng Island.' \Se»t 4— Br 'stmr Gaelic ¦ henr-e
Aug 28. Sept^Br stmr Doric., from Yoko--
: Sailed Aug 29— U S stmr Meade. - for 'Manila-
Fr bark Henrietta, for Port Townsend ¦ Rhin
Emily, F Whitney, for San Francisco via Ka
hului;'.bktn- Amelia, for Port Townsend Aue
30—Ship Emily Reed, for San' Francisco*. Aul
SI— Br stmr- Moana.; for colonies: shiD St
Nicholas, for Port .Townsend; ship J B Brown
for Port Townsend.. Aug 29-Stmr, Sonoma, for
Sydney. , Sept 1— Brig Tanner,'. for Port Town-
Bend ; . bark . Gerard C Tobey, , for San Fran
cisco; stmr Colon, for Port Los Angeles. Sept
Dr. Bunnell Acquitted.
Tne case of Dr. Edwin Bunnell, chief
Burgeon at the Emergency Hospital,
charged with battery upon Patrick J
Fay. a stableman, was dismissed by
Judge Cabaniss yesterday. Bunnell's tes
timony was that he had lost his bull pup
"Hose," and when Fay brought it to his
office he saw that it had been fighting
•with another dog. He rebuked Fay for it
-and Fay called him an offensive name. He
took Fay by the collar and threw him out
of his office.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. ' From. Due.
Bonita.. Southern" Coast Sept. 13
Asuncion... J... Seattle Sept. 13
Point Arena... Point Arena .'. Sept. 13
Mandalay Coquille River Sept. 1*
Matteawan.... Tacoma Sept. 14
San Bias Panama & Way Ports. Sept: 14
Walla Walla.. Puget Sound Ports Sept. 14
Eureka Humboldt |Sept. 14
North Fork Humboldt Sept. 14
Colombia.. Valparaiso & Way Pts. Sept. 16
Washtenaw.... Tacoma Sept. 16
Memphis Hamburg & Way Pts. Sept. 16
Pleiades Seattle Sept. 17
Pcmoi'a Humboldt Sept. 17
Rainier Seattle & N. Whatcom. Sept. 17
Corona Redondo & Way Ports. Sept. IS
Mariposa Honolulu Sept. IS
TJmatilla Puget, Sound Ports Sept. 19
Fanta Rosa San Diego & Way. Pts. Sept. 19
Nippon Maru. China and Japan Sept. 20
Tucapel '. Valparaiso & Way Pts. Sept. 23
Sierra Sydney & Way Ports.. Sept. 23
Sailing of the China.
The Pacific Mail Company's China is
carrying a large cargo and a crowd of
passengers to the Orient. Quite a num
ber of Chinese went away in the steerage,
but she carried no second class passen
gers. Those who went away in the cabin
were :
For Honolulu— Mrs. C. B. Barnes, Mrs. R. R.
Berg and son, R. Lewers, Mrs. R. Lewers,
Miss H. L. Lewers, Miss M. O'Neill. Edwin
Paris. Mrs. M. Parker, T. A. Pettus, Mrs T.
A. Pettus. Miss M. Peterson, Mrs.- C. L. Sey
bolt, Mrs. C. D. Warren, Master Charles War
ren, Miss M. Warren. Miss R. Warren. Miss
H. Warren. E. O. White. C. S. Weight.
For Tokohama— Dr. E. Aoyagi. -Kev: H. G.
Appenzaller, Rev. W. D. Cunningham, Mrs.
W. D. Cunningham, Miss Myrtle Elliott, J. J.
Fox. T. Isobe. Miss E. Kuhn, Miss R. L. Kuhn.
A. B. Maclay, T. Ofuji, Prince C. de Schwarz
enberg. T. Takebe. Tong Bong. Mrs. C. W.
Van Petten.
For Kobe— M. Gallagher, Marshal Smith,
Dr. T. C. Thornicraft. .
For Nagasaki— Miss M. Knowles.
For Shanghai— Miss O. Alexander. Miss I.
Anderson, Miss C. Anderson. J. P. Bland, Mrs.
J. P. Bland, Miss M. B. Bomar, Dr. H. L.
Canright, Mrs. H. L. Canright and four chil
dren, Miss Nellie Dougherty, Miss H. Elgle,
Rev. M. Ekvall, Mrs. M. EkvalC Mr. Friess
ley. Mrs. Friessley, Mrs. J. . Gaither, N. Gist
Gee, Miss H. Hyde. Dr. E. H. Hart, Mrs. E.
H. Hart, three children and one infant; Rev.
T. A. Hearn, Mrs. T. A. Heam and two chil
dren. Rev. T. D. Holmes. Miss W. H. Kelly,
Miss J. NicholEon, Miss M. Parmenter, Miss
Mary Peters, Mrs. J. M. Ragsdale Miss E M
Ragsdale, D. M. Smith, Miss C. E Steger. Dr
J. N. Stevens, Rev. W. H. Venable Mrs' w'
H. Venab'.e, Miss M. C. White. F. J. White
Mrs. F. J. White. R. J. Wilson.
For Hongkong— Rev. Williani Ashmore Jr.
A. F. Baughman, G. T. Chaffee Mrs G. t!
Chaffee. Master Fred Chaffee, Miss Alice
Chaffee, Miss Charlotte Chaffee. Rev. G E
Finlay, Dr. J. Maud George. Miss Charlotte
Gibson, J. H. Hall. Mrs. Lieutenant Com
mander Holmes and daughter, W. B. Jones J
J. Keegan. W. H. Lane. Miss K. L. E. Myers
Rev. Charles Nelson. Mrs. Charles Nelson and
child, Horace North. Mrs. Horace North W
F. Pack. Rev. A. I. Robb. Mrs. A. I. Robb and
three children. H. J. Rosencrantz Miss J
Torrence, Dr. Sarah Vrooman, J. H. White
Mrs. J. H. White. -
From Honolulu— J. L. Batchelder. Mrs. J L.
Batchelder. H. F. Colfelt, Dr. E. Cook and
wife, Frank A. Howe. E. C. Stowell. George
Woodward Smith, Mrs. George Woodward
Smith.
Admitted to the Bar.
The Supreme Court Commissioners an
nounce that the following named appli
cants for admission to the bar of Califor
nia have successfully passed the required
examinations: G. E. Whitney, H. R,
Fry. Evelyn Whitney, J. Guidery. E. E.
Trefetheii, E. L. Corbln, D. S. Hirshberg.
Ada Harvey. W. F. Stingley, J. H. Kann
R. S. Lumwalt. W. F. Forsyth, S. P. Pul
len. T. M. O'Connor. R. E. Filcher. L P.
Medina, G. Clark. E. H. Cheny. B. 1^.
Quayle, F. L. Thomas, A. C. Noe, C. A.
Youngberg and H. M. Anthony.
Steamer Movements.
The Ventura's Cargo.
The steamer. Ventura, which sailed yesterday
for Sydney and way ports, carried merchandise
for Australia valued at $162,605; New Zealand,
$34,595; Samoa, ?3S93; Fiji Islands, $778; South
Africa, ? 12, 198. The following were the prin
cipal exports:
To Australia— 21.795 cs and 230 pkgs ealmon,
40,200 lbs codfish. 14,443 lbs dried fruit 3 bales
dry goods, 71 cs rubber . goods. 23 cs fuse SS
coils rope, 66 pkgs paints and oils, 21 bdls leath
er, 3o5 cs.taWe. meal, 3384 pkgs fruit. 4752 crs
onions. 4S00 lbs phosphate, 22 bales. paper, 1677
cs canned goods. 8675 lbs hops. 4 bales twine.
53 cs drugs. 419 cs boots and shoes, 12 pkgs ma
chinery. 22 bales overalls. 30 pkgs raisins, 1396
doors, 6 cs electrical supplies, 766 lbs coffee.- '
To New Zealand-46.318 lbs. 50 cs dried fruit,
i P k &s beer.23 cs..wine..9 cs drugs,. 2854 lbs
hops. 280. bdls paper, 23S9 crs onions, 2640 cs
canned goods, 13 crs bfcycles- ' and sundries,
11 bales overalls. 620 cs 7 pkgs salmon, 19 cs
boots and shoes. 13 pkgs machinery. 3022 lbj
coffee, 1138 pkgs fruit and vegetables. 5 rolla
leather, 700 lbs' codfish.
To Samoa— SO bbls flour, 168 lbs tobacco 300
pkgs groceries and provisions, 21 pkga fruits
and vegetables. 47 crs potatoes and onions.
66 cs canned goods, 222 cs salmon, 68 pkgs
?fo. nt .l a ? <1 "i" 8 ' 51 * aIs wine, 2320 lbs rice.
2194 lbs bread, 20 cs coal oil. 23 bdls paper^ 7
coils rope, 260 lbs lard. 510 lbs ham and bacon.
20 cs soap, 3 pkgs machinery. 2400 ft lumber.
53 bales dry goods, 805 lbs dried fruit. 118 lbs
beans. • . - - • •¦¦
To Fiji Islands— 4 cyls ammonia, 20 cs canned
goods, 5 cs salmon, 65 crs onions.
To South Africa-1600 cs salmon. 1196 cs
canned fruit. 6690 lbs 20 cs dried fruit, 1630
bdls snooks. . ¦ .
DECLABES FISH AND
GAME LAWS AJLE VALID
Commission Merchants and Market
men Lose Important Suit by
Supreme Court Decision.
The constitutionality of the fish and
game laws passed by the last Legislature
¦was practically established by a decision
of the Supreme Court yesterday.
The law, in regard to which there has
' been the greatest amount of contention,
makes it illegal for any one to have more
than fifty doves or wild ducks in his pos
session on any one day. The observance
of the regulation was found to work great
hardship on commission merchants and
marketmen. and it was decided to make
a determined attempt to have tne statute
declared unconstitutionaL
Accordingly, to make a test case, J. P.
Corriea notified the Fish Commission
that he had violated the law. He was ar
rested and after conviction was sentenced
to pay a fine of $25. He appealed and the
Superior Court afflrmed the decision of
the lower court.
Petition was then made to the Supreme
Court for a ¦writ of habeas corpus on the
ground that the defendant was deprived
of his liberty under a law which was un
constitutional.
Tne Supreme Court denied the petition,
which action is in effect a decision up
holding the constitutionality of the act In
Question.
lard, 21 pkgs tools, 500 lbs codfish, 10 crs wagon
material, 29 pkgs sporting goods, 122 pkgs gro
ceries and provisions, '400 cs canned goods 65
pkgs machinery, 20 cs typewriters, 5 cs scales,
32 cs stationery and ink. , . . »
To East Indies— 250 gals wine, 7S1 lbs ham
and bacon. 800 lbs lard, 9S8 lbs dried fruit
201 cs canned goods, 228 cs salmon.
To Korea— 116 cs hardware, 800 bbls flour" 36
bdls wire. 17 . pkgs groceries and • provisions,
16 bdls wire netting, 440 lbs meala, 1 pkg ma
chinery. • , ¦ s
To Vladivostok— 16 pkgs wagon material and
harness. •• -. •
p="r»=aHERE was considerable activity
I among the big ocean steamships
I , yesterday.. The Oceanic 'Steam
\\ ship Company's Ventura sailed
for Sydney, N. S. W., via. Hono
lulu, H. I.. Pago Pago, Samoa, and Auck
land N. Z.'; the Pacific Mail Company's
China sailed for Hongkong via Honolulu,
H. L, and Yokohama," Japan; the army
transport Sumner sailed for Manila -via
Honolulu, H. I., while the Occidental and
Oriental Steamship Company's Doric ar
rived from the Orient.
The Ventura was' scheduled to sail at 10
a. m.. but it was after 11 a. m. before she
got away from the wharf, owing to the
local mall being late. She took away
every ounce of cargo she could carry and
the ' following first and second cabin pas
sengers:
First cabin: For Honolulu— A. L. Ahlo, wife,
child and maid; J. F. Archibald, J. Baker and
wife. J. Bantram. H. Benner. MIes L. Board
man. Miss B. H. Church. Mrs. Clark. Dr. C.
B. Cooper, wife and child; J. Dalley, H. D.
Davis. H. B. de Long, Miss E. Dennis. C. S.
Desky. W. Douglas, A. C. Downing and wife.
H. Downing. Miss Downing, J. Flshel, Miss
D. L. Freble. A. Friedman, F. Gellispie. Mrs.
S. Griggs. Mrs. W. M. Hall, .T.\ E. Harvey,
Miss N. H. Hawley, Mrs. H. F. Hayward and
child. Mrs. J. H. Higgrins. Peter High. Mrs.
J. B. Hopkins. F. M. Husted, Miss M. Jones,
Miss R. Karr, Mrs. S. Kenny and child, H.
Kieinhaus, Miss H. Klelnhaus. Mrs. F. G.
Krauss and infant. S. Levi, Miss S. Livingston,
Miss S. Love, A. C. Lyon. Mrs. F. W. Mac-
Farlane and son. Mrs. George Matheson. Miss
Matheson, Miss McCulley, Miss McLadd, J. F.
Morgan, Mies H. Murray, Mrs. A. Nabert. J.
G. Otten, ,L. de Patti. Miss M. Prime, Miss
D. L. Preble. Miss J. Roller. F. Buffo. E. de
N. Sands.. J. S. Spltzer, H. Studniczka and
wife. Captain E. H. Svendsen, L. A. Thurston,
Mrs. Frank J. Turk, Mrs. K. I. Wait. W. Wal
ters.
For Pago Pago— G. Lober, Dr. E. Schultz.
For Auckland— J. Bennle. D. T. Crosble. Dr.
E. P. French. J. F. Studholme, Dr. William
Young and wife.
For Sydney— Mrs. L. G. Atlee, Thomas Borth
wlck. A. Bragg, W. H. Chard. Owen Cox. J.
W. Cragg. wife and child; E. T. Cragg; wife
and son; J. H. Cragg, wife and son; Miss R.
Cragg. A. Crags. C. Cragg, R H. Crawford
and wife, R. P. Hardy, G. L. Hardy. William
Hooper and wife. P. Kleemo. G. W. Mallalleu
and wife. A. W. Marshall, A. H. Marshall, P.
C. Mitchell. Ralph Nichols and wife. Miss F.
Nichols. Miss M. Nichols, D. L. Nichols. H.
Paul. Dr. W. H. Read, R. Short. Mrs. H. Sted
ham. George Stovlng, Eugene Troost and wife.
From Honolulu— T. H. Benton, E. S. Hollen
stein.
Second cabin: Honolulu— O. F. Atwood. F.
Blacketer, Miss Augusta Bock. Master Wil
liam Bock, Mrs. F. Bowen. J. A: Cruzan, W.
B. Elkin. Georee A. Hamlln and wife, Mrs.
B. Hihn, B. Johnson. . Mrs. A. Kuster and two
children, J. Morrison, Mrs. E. R. Noyes, Mrs.
N. Noyes, Mrs. A. Olson, Mrs. J. H. Richard
con and infant, Mrs. A. Ritchie and Infant, W.
Rockey. Miss F. E. Smith. J. W. Smith, Mrs.
R. and three children, F. A. Ward,
Miss W. Whitman.
Auckland— Mrs. A. A. Gower. R. Lockhead,
C. E. Nelson and wife. J. R. Rendell and wife,
A. Roes, P. R.- Skeates, A. M.Skeates.
Sydney— J. S. Beriro, P. M. Conlan, Mr".
James Conlan, H. Jesson, T. Jessan, Miss A.
McDermott, D. Mclntyre, Charles ' McKinnon
and wife. Miss McKinnon. R. H. Wain°.
Jarr.es Conlan.
Chief Engineer S. N. Haines Is on the
sick list and First Assistant G. W. . Law
rence took the vessel out. Chief Steward
O. N.' Clark also remained behind this
trip. Chief Steward Joseph Seely of the
Zealandia went out in his place.
School teachers for Manila:
Riding, Miss H. S. Franklin, J. Schwanken
berg, wife and three children: Second Lieuten
ant W. B. Borham, Lieutenant Tenny Ross,
Raymer Shappe and wife.
. From Honolulu to Manila:
Captain R. M. ¦ Bonar and wife. Mrs. J. C.
McStay.
S. Stickney. F. D. Bonner, S. A. Noon, H.
E. Laughlin, Henry Wise, Gonzales Porflrio.
E. J. Gibbons, W. J. Burke, Walter G. Parkes,
Jra B. Bush. Guy B. St John, Frank L. Click,
W. J. Kibby, E. J. ¦ Corcoran, J. J. McCary,
D. C. Allen, N. G. /Connor, Charles' D Cool,
James J. Reynolds, Louis D. Baum and wife.
Mrs. A. C. Harsha. Mrs. S. A. Noon, Miss J.
N. Chllds. Miss Bernfce Bull, Mrs. I. W. Mar
tin, J. J. # DonnelI, C. A. Howland and Dr.
Caldwell. -
B. A. Albro was to. have sailed on the
Sumner,. but his baggage is' somewhere on
the road between here and New York, and
he Is waiting for it. , He will sail on the
Warren next Monday. Among the'pas
sengers are Miss Emily Riding and Miss
H. S. Franklin, • who are going to 'Manila
to be married. *»
There was a big crowd down to see the
transport away and many people congre
gated at the gate. One of Morton's spe
cial delivery teams. was passing out and
the wagon collided with the gate, pulling
it down on top of the people. Several
were hurt, the following being treated at
the Harbor Hospital: ,
Mrs. Warren Egbert, for contusions of the
lower part of the body; William Kosky, con-'
tuslons of the legs, and Ed Beggs for a lacerat
ed scalp. None of them were seriously Injured. '
The Sumner took away a large fumi
gating plant as part of her cargo.
OCEANIC STEAMSHIP COMPANY'S VENTURA. PACIFIC MAIL, COMPANY'S .CHINA AND THE TRANSPORT SUM
j NER ALL LEAVING PORT, WHILE THE OCCIDENTAL AND ORIENTAL STEAMSHIP COMPANY'S DORIC,
FROM THE ORIENT, IS PASSING-IN. THE DEPARTING VESSELS CALL AT HONOLULU.
4— Stmr Gaelic, for China. . Sept. 6— Schr Re
porter, for Port Towasend. ¦
KAHULUI— Arrived Aug 27— Ship St David.
from Newcastle, Aus. ,'• •
' HILO— Arrived Sept 3— Bark Santiago, hence
Aus 18. ; ¦ -
Sailed Aus: 29-^Schr Mildred, for Port Town
send. . • "•
FOREIGN PORTS.
GUATEMALA— Sailed Sept.l(^-Br stmr Co
lumbia, for San Francisco. '
MAZATLAN— Sailed Sept 10— Stmr San Bias,
for San Franclscp. ¦ . • '
SANTOS-Sailed July 28-Ger bark Bertha,
for Oregon. .-¦ - .
ANTWERP— Sailed July 11— Fr bark Eugenie
Fautrel, for Ore~on. -
NAGASAKI— Sailed Aug 7— Ger ship Renee
Rickmers, for Oregon. . ...
SHANGHAI-Sailed July 30-Ship BenJ Se
wall, for Vancouver. v
NOSSI , BE— In port July 24— Fr bark Les
Adelnnes, for Oregon. <
FALMOUTH— Sailed Sept 11— Russ ship Har
binger, for Ipswitch.
' NEWCASTLE, Au&-Cleared Sept 13— Br ship
Torridon, for Portland, Or. -
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Sailed Sept 12— Stmr La Savoie,
for Havre: stmr Aucuste Victoria, for Ham
burg, via Plymouth and Cherbourg: stmr Bar
barossa. for Bremen, via Southampton.
¦ Arrived Sept 12— Stmr Norge. from Copen
hagen: stmr Spartan Prince, from Genoa.
KOBE— Arrived Sept 11— Stmr Queen Ade
laide, from Tacoma, for Port Arthur.
' LIVERPOOL— Arrived SeDt 11— Stmr Servia.
from New York. Sept 12 — Stmr Germanic, from
New York: stmr Rhynland, from Philadelphia.
Sailed SeDt 12— Stmr Commonwealth, for
Queenstown. . "
ROTTERDAM— Sailed^ Sect 12— Stmr Maas
dam. for Boulogne and New York. , *
GENOA— Arrived Sept 12— Stmr Trave, from
Now York, via Nades. ..
HAMBURG— Arrived Seat 12— Stmr Deutsch
land and stmr Patricia, from New York, via
Plymouth and Cherbourg.
' LONDON— Sailed Sept 11— Stmr Montevldean,
for Montreal. Sept 12— Stmr Manltou. for New
York. ¦ ¦¦ ' ; ¦/• .-•¦¦:
QUEENSTOWN— Sailed Sept 12— Stmr Teu
tonic, for 'New York; stmr Noordland, for
Philadelphia; both from Liverpool." .
•LIZARD— Passed Sent 12— Stmr La Cham
pagne, from New York, for Havre.
Boatswain's Mate Accidentally Killed
' Oscar Strandberg, boatswain's mate of
the Government transport Sumner, died in
the United States Marine Hospital last
Tuesday, evening of injuries, received , on
board the transport on the afternoon of
the same day. His skull was fractured
and a leg broken by the parting or" a
cable that was used in moving some heavy
iron castings.
Frances J. Murphy Le Gonedec filed suit
yesterday against Congressman Victor
Metcalf, executor of the estate of Mary
Margaret Isabella v Murphy, for $5000, the
value of fifty shares of stock of the San
Joaquin Valley Railroad Company.
It is alleged in the complaint that Con
gressman Metcalf disposed of the stock
and failed to make a return to either tb.3
plaintiff or her representatives. The suit
is filed to compel the executor to show
cause why he denied the application made
by the plaintiff for the stock or its equiv
alent in money.' , The complaint states
that the application was received by Met
calf and that he indorsed thereon a re
fusal to comply with the request. The
request was made under an order of the
court before which Mary M. I. Murphy's
will .was probated, calling upon the cred
itors of the estate to present their claims.
James G. Maguire represents Frances J.
M. Le Gonedec.
Superior Judge Seawell rendered a de
cision yesterday which upholds the power
claimed by the Board of Education to flx
the salaries of four Deputy Superintend
ents of Schools, and also decides that the
salaries should be paid out of the school
funds. ; .
The decision was the result of a suit
brought by James Denman.as a taxpayer
to restrain Auditor "Wells from paying the
salary warrant ot T7. D. KJngrsbury, Dep
uty Superintendent of Schools, whose sal
ary was fixed by a resolution adopted by
the Board of education at $150 per month,
.air. ueaman sougtat to stop the payment
"u t 5 e . w^ TTant on the ground that the
board had not the power to fix a Deputy
Superintendent's salary. A synopsis of the
decision follows: ....
B « y i **£- , ex P res » provisions of eectlon 8tf of
wuele XI of the constitution It was compe
tent in the charter to provide for th« number
of deputies that each county officer shall have,
and for tfce compensation payable to each of
the deputies. The Superintendent of Schools is
a county officer and Is required by the charter
to appoint four deputy superintendents. But
the amount of compensation which they shall
receive is not fixed by the charter, neither is
there any express provision in that instrument
authorizing the Board of Education to fix it.
?»or Is_the power conferred by section 1 of
chapter V. art. VII of the charter, which re
quires the Board of Education, in its annual
estimate of expenditures necessary for the ad
ministration of the public school system, to
Include the salary of deputy superintendents.
This section merely assumes that the salary
of the deputies has been fixed by competent
authority. ¦
- The provision of section 1549 of the Political
Code, which reads: "Each County Superin
tendent may appoint a deputy, but no salary
payable out of the school fund must be al
lowed euch deputy." does not apply to the
common-school fund of the charter, though It
Is called by the same name. The payment out
of that fund of the salaries of the deputy
euperintendents does not diminish the amount
appropriated or collected for school purposes.
Auditor 'Wells was represented by Carl
ton W. Greene, former Assistant District
Attorney of Alameda County, who is also
attorney for Superintendent of Schools
Webster.
Action Follows His Refusal
n, as Executor to Pay
Her Claims.
James Denman's Suit to
Prevent Its Payment Is
Dismissed.
Frances J.M.Le Gonedec
Files Suit Against
Congressman.
Ventura- Sails fcr Australasia, China for the Orient, Transport Surnner for the
Philippines; and the Doric Arrives From China and Japan— Several
People Injured by a Falling Gate While Watching Troopship Depart
Judge Seawell Decides
Amount Is Not Fixed
by Charter.
ARRIVAL AND DEPARTURE OF MAIL
STEAMSHIPS WAKES UP THE FRONT
CLAIMS METCALF
OWES HER MONEY
KINGSBURY WILL
GET HIS SALARY
THESANFE^CTSCa CALLi'^^
Time Sail.
Branch /Hydrographic Office, U. S. N Mer
chants' : Exchange, San Francisco ' Cal "
- September 12/1901. ... ..v-ai.,
¦ .The time ball on the tower. of the new Ferry
building :was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
i. e.. at , noon of, the 120th . meridian, : or at 8
o'clock- p. m., Greenwich time. ,,•
:' .\ :¦¦¦-¦¦ C G." CALKINS;"'
Lieutenant Commander, ,U. S. N.,- In charge.
7
ADVERTISEMENTS.
We trust your grocer to sell
Fels-Naptha soap, and give you
3-our money back if you want it.
It's our money and -soap.
Fels & Co., makers, Philadelphia.
Gra?. L*x.tf & Stroh (Inc.), San Francisco.
§VIM. VIGOR. VITALITY for MEN
MORMON BISHOP'S PILLS
have been in use over fifty
years by the leaders of the
Mormon Church and their
followers. Positively cure th*> '¦
woret cases in old and young
arising from effects of self- :
abuse, dissipation, oxefsses or
cigarette-smoking. Cure Lost I
. Manhood. Impotency, Lost
Power. Night Losses, Insom-
nia Pains in Back, Evil Desires, Lame Back.
Nervous Debility, Headache, Unfltness to Mar-
ry. Loss of Semen, Varieocele or Con-
etlpation. 6top Ner *3 OM ous Twitching of
Eyelids. Effects are T'J.J"' Immediate, Im-
part vigor and pote «*« i « * to every func-
tion. Don't get despondent; a cure is at hand.
Restore email, undeveloped organs. Stimulate
the brain and nerve centers; 50c a box; 6 tor
S2 50 by mail. A written guarantee to cure or
money refunded with 6 boxes. Circulars free.
Address BISHOP REMEDT CO.. 40 Ellis st..
Ban Francisco, Cal. GRANT DRUG CO.. 28
and 40 Third st. ¦ -..
O^rmBsS a VnL J^8 •*¦ I^^^^thS
wESL v^^s^h^ h . ES tt& e
Ej^C [fr'ArTjM V^r^M JS lyp 0&
Don't Accept a Substitute!
When you ask for Cascarets be
sure you get the genuine Cascarets
Candy Cathartic! Don't accept
fraudulent substitutes, imitations or
rcoiinterfeitsr Genuine tablets stamp-
ed C. C. C. Never sold in bulk.
All druggists, ioc
Roanoke Rye, Honey and Horehound.
Get It. You'll not regret It. •
__¦_ _-_"_'_ ¦•' ATrKrVTR.TTRV.fH WKPPg- : ; .- ¦ ¦ =¦¦.¦•/ -.,;";=>
V A baby may fail to be nourished
either because it is unable to digest
its food or, because the food does not
contain enough nutriment; in either
case the child is not satisfied.
;; Mellin's Food, as prepared, con-
tains sufficient nourishment in a
digestible form to satisfy the child
and promote his growth;
We have a nice lltt!e>)ok of " Mellia'. Pood Babies" in which w« an ran voo wcild
be interested. - -
If you will send us your name on a postal card, we wfll send the book to you free of cost.
MELLIN'S FOOD COMPANY, BOSTON, MASS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Pleasant
Hours
Swiftly Flying—
Those spent on the
California Limited
as it rushes and races
jj across the country from
San Francisco to Chicago
in 75 hours.
Leaves San Francisco at
0 a. m. # every Monday
and Thursday on the
Santa Fe '
JOEPOHEHV!
fi The Tailor
. jdgtiaL Makes the best fitting
JllfiSpi clothes in the State at
JIPkP L_ ver y moderate prices.
Wjk Pants TiS°S4.so to $10
JM SuitsTrgIrTS15.5g.oS5D
m*\M' 201-203 Montgomery Street
f i IH0-III2 Market Street
/ I SAN FRANCISCO
¦<?> uJln 143 South Sprina Street
¦ •^V.^*^' LOS ANGELES
DR.MEYERS&CO. <Jfpl%>
Specialist. Disease $8||§?* !»
and weakness of f||§Pf f
m e n. , Established §^« jf r *Pt,'t8"
1881. Consultation Tw|... < *C*pT k£
and private book - »
free, at office or by - \^^^v
mail. Cures guar- \Wz£t$&ZS£& >
anteed. 731 Mar. j^»l
ket street (eleva- >V l^^m/W
tor entrance). Ban
RI?TTQW17Q FOR BARBERS. BAK-
DLlUDnEiDers. bootblacks, bath-
. houses, billiard tablsa.
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers; canners.
dyers. flourmiUs. loundrles, laundries, paper-
hangers, printers, painters, shoe factories,
Btablemen, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc.
BUCHANAN BROS.
Brush Manufacturers. 609 Sacramento St
\M. T. HESS,
KOTARY PUBLIC AND ATTOENET-AT-LAW.
Tenth Floor. Room 1015. • Claus Spreckela Bid?.
. Telephone Main 983.
Residence. 821 California st.. below Powell.
Residence Telephone James 1501.
AMTTSEMENTS.
MATINEES TO-MORROW AND SUNDAY.
Evenings 8 sharp - - - Matinees 2 . sharp
JoSBPH HAWuRTH
In a Grand Production of Stanislaus Stance's
. Original Version of
"QUO "VAIDIS."
Through the courtesy of Melbourne Mac-
Dowell, MISS FLORENCE STONE will b«
ecen as Lygla, on account, of the illness of Miss
Hall..
POPULAR ; PRICES 10c." 15c. 25c. EOc, 7.5c
Good Orchestra Seats All Matinees, 23o.
, '• Branch Ticket Office at Emporium.
— NEXpVVEEK—
JOSEPH HA WORTH * - In' "RICHELIEU."
FLORENCE ROBERTS
Supported by_ WHITE WHITTLE SET. • ,-,
In Shakespeare's Best Comedy,
The Taming of
the Shrew.
¦ . EVERT. NIGHT AT 8:15.
MATINEE SATURDAY ATl'
BASEB/VLL.
SACRAMENTO vsT SAN FRANCISCO.
Fo-Day and Saturday at 3:15;
SUNDAY AT 2:3O P. M.
RECREAftONPARK,i
. . Eighth and Harrison streets. I
AMTTSEMENTS.
Pfll IIMDIA smmsco's
UULU ffflOB §\ UADI.10 THEATBE
LAST 2 I LAST JWATINEE
NIGHTS. I TO-MORROW.
Charles Frohman Presents
ANNIE RUSSELL
In R. Marshall's Comedy of Romance.
A ROYAL__FAMILY.
Beginning NEXT MONDAY,
Opening o£ Fail, and Winter Season, With FoX-
. lowing Price Scale: 91.50, SI, 75c,
SOc. 35c, 25c.
THOS. Q.
SEABROOKE
In Sydney Hosenf eld's Romantic Comic Play,
"A MODERN CRUSOE"
SEATS NOW READY. _^
A Red-Letter Week in Vaudeville
George W. Leslie and Company, Ern-
est Hogan, Libty, Trayer and
Gilbert, the Five Sunbeams, the La
Vallee Trio, Mile. Lotty, the Great
Powell and His Company, and the
Blograph.
- Reserved Seats. 23c; Balcony. 10c; Box Seats
and Opera Chairs. 50c.
*TIV_PLI*
Evenings at 8 sharp. Matlne« Saturday at 3
sharp.
TO-NIGHT AND SATURDAY NIGHT
'"FAUST."
With the Strongest Cast Ever Heard Her«!
SUNDAY NIGHT and SATURDAY MATTNKH
.."CARMEN."-
With the Only COI^AMARTNI !
"FAUST" (NEXT WEEK) "CARMEN"
POPUI*AR PRICES ............25c. Me. 7So
Telephone Bush ». ¦ . -¦
FAREWELX* PERFORMANCE TO-NIGHT OB*
MR. JAMES AND THE
i W OLmmi M £am*3sa*f COMPANY.
PRESENTING '*
THE LOTTERY OF LOVE.
TO-MOIlROW EVENING - - EIGHT NIGHTS
THE MYSTERIOUS
- - - E>-u-R-rv-o - - - :
AND HIS COMPANY.
Mirth, Music, Mimicry, Magic. Special
engagement of UICHAUD. J. JOST*
America's greatest contra-tenor. SEATS
READY.
Coming— HOYT'S "A TEXAS- STEER."
BELASCOAmoTHaLE&jz-gfi&r
s» BuL RliJi^H H b #w B3*"'^*V 5^
tIL 8 1 @f n *^^ *8i« AZ
il *^ tHtXi CITY tiSXX ; •
MATINEE TO-MORROW AND SUNDAY.
ONLY 10 NIGHTS MORE.
The Greatest Triumph Known In Years.
Edw. Eisner's Spectacular Biblical Drama.
A VOICE FROM
THE WILDERNESS.
Engagement of the Eminent American Actor.
ROBERT DOWNING.
200 People on the Stage — A Great Cast.
CHUTES AND_ZOO «3ti2sr
BIG VAUDEVILLE BILL.
-^ TO-MORROW NIGHT,
GRAND PR.ZE CAKEWALK
SEE LUNETTE. THE AERIAL. WONDER.
Telephone for Seat* Partr a.
FISCHER'S CONCERT HOUSE.
riOUniillO Admission 10c.
Von Suppe's "BEAUTIFUL . GALATEA."
Mae Tunlson. Wren and Linden, Merle Stanton.
June Mathiaa, Sam Holdsworth and our un-
rivaled orchestra.
., Reserved Seats, 25c Matinee Sunday. ¦ ¦
SUTRO BATHS.
OPEN NIGHTS.
OPEN DAILY from 7 a. m. to U p. m. .
; 5 " Bathing from 7 a., m. to 10:30 p. m.
ADMISSION. 10c. CHILDREN. Be
Bathing, including admission. 23c: children. 20c
PALACE HOTEL.
For a quarter of a century these
hotels' have, been the headquarters of
tourists and travelers who have
journeyed from all parts of the world
to San Francisco. Guests enter-
tained on the American : or European
plan, i - - -..-' , ', ." ' -
GRAND HOTEL.TOUNG WOMAN WHOSE RO
MANTIC MARRIAGE ; WAS
ENDED BT DIVORCE.
. SALINAS. , : Sept. C 12.— Information has
been - received ''-that- ."William Cruess, a
prominent" rancher, arid stock raiser in the
vineyard* district" near . Bradley, . was in
stantly, killed last' night by the caving In
of a well he ..was; digging. !•;>:¦ ' '
Killed in. a Caving "Well.
The second lecture of the Catholic
versity extension ' course will be delivered
this evening at Metropolitan Temple.. Rev.
Dr. Shahan : will : be the lecturer and • his
subject, will' be ;termed; : "The Cathedral
Builders* of . Europe.'/ -¦.-,. . . .. .
Rev. Dr. Shahan. Lectures.
The veto by Governor Gage of the bill
to create the commission asked I for by
the Water and Forest Association and
many other representative organizations
of the State, to carry on the work of in
vestigating the water and ' forest re
sources of California, caused a suspen
sion of. the Tvork that had been done in
the: field in the direction indicated. For
this reason and pending: another session
of the Legislature the session of the Wa
ter and Forest. Association has been set
aside, but a forestry convention • may be
made to accomplish very good wont, so
say Secretary Friedlander and ¦ other
prominent members of. the association.
Mr. Friedlander said yesterday that it
has not been' definitely decided whether,
or not the proposed convention : will be
called. There 4s no State forestry reserve
in California and the State has no power
to save for the benefit of its Inhabitants
an indispensable means for prolonging the
water supply of . the mountains - during
the summer months. * The denudation of
the mountainsides of trees and brush per
mits the water to run off speedily and in
calculable harm is accomplished , simply
bv neglect.' New "York State has* seen
the need of protecting the watersheds on
the Adirondacks. -The necessity in Cal
if ornia- for •' similar protection Is more
marked than in any Kastern State on ac-.
count of the dry season here. Much good
may be accomplished by a conference of
the people who* are interested in forest
preservation in California. -If the conven
tion is called, Mr. i Friedlander said, ; In
vitations will be sent out to the forestry
associations and to the Sierra Club and
kindred organizations to be .represented
by delegates. •; ... --,,
¦ The California ."Water and Forest Asso
ciation ¦- has ' 6000 1 members and Is I adding
to the membership by "keeping represen
tative* at work in | the interest of- the
water and forestry movement. The mill
that was .vetoed by Governor • Gage was
indorsed by' twenty-three'- Chambers of
Commerce, Boards of Trade and similar
organizations,, by a i petition : of .5700 cit
izens from all counties and by the Thirty
third and .Thirty-fourth State*. Legisla
tures. ¦ . ¦ ;.'•¦•; ¦ ¦¦:¦ ': - - ' •*.•¦'' "'- ¦: ¦;•
A State forestry convention for the
purpose of formulating a programme for
the preservation of the forests, on the
mountainsides of California may take
the place of the annual gathering of the
California' Water and Forest Association
this year. The matter has been discussed
to some extent and there axe strong ad
vocates of" the idea, -
Twelve Innings at Los Angeles.
LOS ANGELES, Sept. 12.— Los Angeles
was at Schmidt's mercy in all but the
ninth inning' to-day, when five successive
hits scored three runs and tied the score.
Hartwell replaced Hale in the third in
ning, and Oakland made but one scratch
hit off his delivery. The game was called
on account of darkness at the end of the
twelfth inning. Score:
LOS ANGELES.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Hemphlll, l.f. & r.f. 4 0 1 0.1 0 0
Reits. 2b 6 110 12 0
Hutchinson. lb 6 0 1 0 15 1 0
Atherton. r. f. & 3b. 5 0 1 0 1 i 0
Householder, c. f.... 6 0 0 l' 3 0 0
Reilly. 3b.-. 2 0 0 0 0 2 0
Bowman, 1. f 4 0 0 0 0 0 0
Kelly, s. & 5 12 12 4 1
Spies, c S 1 1 0 12 S 2
Hale, p '. 0 0 0 0 0 10
Hartwell, p 3 0 0 0 1 4 0
Totals 44 3 7 2 36 20 3
OAKLAND.
. AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Babbitt, 3b 6-1 0 12 4 0
Mohler. 2b 4 1.1 1 2 5 0
Streib. r. f ..5 0 2 1 5 0 0
Eagan. lb 5 0 0 1 14 0 0
Drenr.an. cf 5 0 0 0 1 0 0
Francks, s. s 4 10 12 2 2
Arrellanes, 1. f 2 0 0 0 2 0 0
Lohman, c...... 4 0 117 10
Schmidt, p 4 0 0-0 12 0
Totals 39 3 4 . 6 36 14 . 2
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Los Angeles.... 00000000300 0—3
Base hits 0000011.0500 0-±7
Oakland 10 10 0100000 0—3
Base hits. 2 0100 100000 0—4
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible for— Hale 1. Hartwell 1,
Schmidt 3. Two-base hits— Hemphlll. Kelly.
First base on errors — Los Angeles 2. Oakland
1. First base on called balls — Oft" Hale 1, off
Hartwell 5, off Schmidt r>. Left on bases— Ix)s
Angeles 12. Oakland 7. Struck out— By Hale 4,
by Hartwell 9. by Schmidt 5. Hit by pitcher-
Spies 2. Schmidt, Mohler. Double play— Hale
to Spies to Hutchinson to Reitz to Spies; Hart
well to Hutchinson. Time of game — 2:50; called
on account of darkness. Umpire— Hardle.
\>ra. 114 Pegalong 106. Conic 108, McFarlane
117. Rollick 111.
Seventh, selling, five-eighths— Blue Bell 107,
Pidalia 107, Swlftwater 107. Gold Baron 107.
Galene 107, Catherine Bravo 110. Lief Prince
100, Nettie Clark 107.
"Chub" Russell has decided to make the
Austrian Urip in company with Harry
Whitman.' Russell is a competent rider
and should more than hold his own on
the other side. ' ¦ ' * ¦' >.
Eastern Races.
CHICAGO, Scr>t. 12. — Harlem. summary:
First race, five and & half furlongs — St. Tam
many won. Crescent City second, Dlgby Bell
third. Time. 1:13 1-5: ¦ -
Second race, six furlongs— Henry of . Frans
tamar won. Educate second. If You Dare
third. Time, 1:1S 3-5, . . ,
. Third race, mile and a sixteenth, handicap —
Odnor won, Vulcaln second, Jlmlnez third.
Time, 1:55.
Fourth race,- Cicero; one mile— Haviland
won, Malay second. Max Bendlx third. • Time,
1:47 3-5.
Fifth race, four and a half furlongs— Muressa
won. Jack Ratlin second, Amlrante third.
TIkc. 3" 4-5. .'
Sixth race, one and a sixteenth miles — Brutal
won. Pay the Fiddler second, Oliver Me third.
Time, 1:52 2-5. : .
NEW YORK, Sept. 12.— Sheepshead Bay sum
mary: • r. :¦. . . ,
First race, six furlongs— Chucianunda won,
Unmasked second. Lady- Sterling third. Time,
1:1S 4-5. " -.--.•¦
Second race, one mile— Wax Taper, won. Kilo
gram second, The Rhymer third. Time. 1:41 4-5. ¦
Third race, the Belles, five > and a • half . I ui>
Convention Is Proposed
to Include Many
Societies.
FOREST SAVING
IS THEIR AIM
Second race, four and a half. furlongs, selling
—Paper Maker won, Miss Wax second,-Eliza
beth Jane third. . Time, :S9%:'t->; j ;
Third race, one • mile — Lof ter }. won. Flaneur
FORT ERIE, Sept. 12.— Summary: '-'
¦First race, six furlongs— Margaret . Steele
won. Lord Crimson second, : Infallible ' third.
Time. l:22»4. • / • ¦ . . ¦ «... .
Sixth race, six furlongs, selling:— Jake Weber
won, Sallnda second, '• Ben : Frost third. Time.
l:l8V4. .»•.,.- V ' V,;--.. •¦.
Fifth race, one mile, selling— Jessie "Jarboe
won. Guide Rock second, Amelia Strathmore
third. Time. 1:43. ., ;.;.-¦ - •
Fourth race, mile and a sixteenth, purse— Sid
dons won. Miss Theresa second. South Breeze
thirds Time. l:57tf.« .„¦ . ; . , >
Third race, six furlongs — Colonial Girl won.
Hunter Raine second, Waklta,. third. Time,
1:20%. . ; - 7 ." : - > ¦•¦••' ¦/¦
•Second race, one mile, selling— Elsie Bramble
won. Orlandlne second, Maud Wallace third.
Time, 1:51. ., - -, - . , .
First race, one mile, selling— Pancharm won.
Gratia second. Fiddler II third. Time. 1:51%.
Sixth race, ' one and a. quarter miles on turf-
Lady Chorister won, Little Daisy second, Astdr
third. Time, 2:15 2-5. ,
/ ST. \ LOUIS, Sept.' 12.— Delmar Park < sum
maries: '¦.'•'.
Fifth race, Uockaway steeplechase for hunt
ers, about two and a half miles— Lost Chord
won. Sifter second. Champion third. .Time,'
G:51. I ¦ - * ¦ ¦ ,' ?¦¦-.- ......
longs— Amlclta won. Sun Shower second, Flora
Pomona third. Time, 1:09 4-5.
¦ Fourth race. Omnlmnnn handicap, mile < and
an eighth — Herbert won. The Musketeer second,
Kinnikinnlc third. Time, 1:58 3-5.- /
The cruise of the Naval Militia ¦will not
be a pleasure trip by a"ny means. The of
ficers and men of the State's naval guard
will be called upon to perform exactly the
same duties as are carried out by the of
fiecrs and men of the Philadelphia. On
certain days the Naval Militia will be in
charge of the cruiser, and the experience
thus gained will fit them for any emer
gency. Target drill with the -big guns of
the cruiser will form an important feature
of the cruise.
The officers of the Naval Militia who
will leave on Sunday in addition to Cap
tain Thomas A. Nerney are:. Commander
George W. Bauer. Lieutenant Commander
George R. Kingsland, .Lieutenants Charles
V. Otto, Thomas S. Harloe, Frank Van
Vleck. Thomas B. W. Leland and Henry
P. Smith; Enslpns Edward McLaughlin,
William Speck and John F. Murphy.
.Captain Nerney will accompany the.di
visions from the southern portion of the
State on the .second cruise of the Phila
delphia.
The ofHcer3 of the militia will take equal
rank with those of the cruiser, sharing
their messrooms. The enlisted men of the
militia will take all of their equipment
and will share tho quarters allotted on
the fighting ship with the "Jackies." For
six days the militia will be subjected to
the stern discipline tnat has brought the
nation's navy to Its proud position In the
fleets of the civilized world. . \
One hundred and twenty-five enlisted
men and ten officers will cruise on the
Philadelphia to Santa Barbara Channel
andean Diego. At the end of the week's
cruise the Naval Militia will be landed at
San Francisco and the Philadelphia will
then proceed on a second cruise with the
Third, Fourth and Sixth divisions and
part of the engineer division, located In
the southern part of the State.
Captain Nerney has arranged for the
purchase of all commissary supplies in
San Francisco, which are furnished by
the State of California^
Captain Thomas A. Nerney, who com
mands the Naval Militia of the State, yes
terday received Lieutenant C. V. Otto and
thirty-five men of the Fifth Division from
Eureka, who arrived on the steamship
Pomona. The men ¦ from the north will
join with the l^irst and Second divisions
of San Francisco and will board the Phil
adelphia early Sunday morning.
Officers and men of the Naval Militia of
California are busily engaged preparing
for their cruise on the U. S. S. Philadel
phia. They will leave', Sunday morning
for a hard week's work on Uncle Sam's
fighting ship.
Sixth race, ; five and a half furlongs, selling-
Competitor won. Diva second, J. Patrick third.'
Time, 1:13%. ... ; - • ¦ .- ¦¦ .'.• ..¦•..
, The court held that every " resolution
passed by^ the Board of Supervisors must
be signed, by the . Mayor.. In accordance
with. this decision, it dismissed the suits.
'The attorneys for the city say they in
tend-* to . appeal the case to the Supreme
Court. ..
second. Myn Heir third. Time, 1:«H. .':/-l
¦ Fourth race, | five . furlongs— Flintlock • won.
Lady • Patroness second. Livingston third.
Time. 1:07. ... ,-¦¦ " .. / .
Fifth race, , seven f urlongfs-^-Frince , Esher
won; Miss Redwood • second. . Prlnct Aurora
third.' Time, 1:37%. •" ., ¦; r ¦ . % /: -- \: .
In April, 1S00, an ordinance was passed
imposing a license of 50 cents a quarter on
each telephone instrument. Under this
ordinance the second suit was brought to
recover the sum of $6^0.
It was under these two ordinances that
the two suits against the company were
begun. Tax Collector Scott employed an
attorney to bring the actions, claiming
that he had tho right to do so under an
old ordinance of the city, which gave the
License Collector the right to employ an
attorney to collect the delinquent licenses.
E. S.Pillsbury and Alfred Sutro, attor
neys for the telephone company, filed an
answer setting up a number of defenses,
one of which showed that the license of
$2 a quarter on automatic nickel-in-the
slot machines was never intended to ap
ply to the coin collecting attachments. in
use by the company. The attorneys 'also
showed that the company had for years
paid a regular license on its telephone
business., . .
When the cases were called . for trial
"Wednesday the attorneys for the com-,
pany, pursuant to a notice they had given
to the attorneys for tho city, made a mo
tion that both actions bo dismissed on the
ground that^-the attorneys representing
the city had'no authority to begin the
suits. The ¦"«• matter was fully argued
Wednesday and yesterday. . '
W. I-'.Bi'obeck, attorney for the city, re
plied at length to the points made by the
attorneys for the company. - Franklin K.
Lane, City and County Attorney, also par
ticipated in the argument.
The chief point of discussion turned
upon the question whether or not under
the charter it is necessary for the Mayor
to sign a. resolution of the Board of Su
pervisors as well as i an ordinance. The
company'3 attorneys, contended that
the resolutions authorizing Tax Col
lector Scott 'to bring these suits and in
structing City and County Attorney. Lane
to take charge of them were inoperative
for want of signature by the Mayor. •
\ Judge Hebbard, after listening to argu
ment and carefully ¦ reviewing -the. pro
visions of the charter, sustained this con
tention.- ¦ : - • - , - ¦ :¦>-, ¦ . .:• .
It appears that a license of $2 a quarter
was imposed on nlckel-in-the-slot ma
chines by an ordinance passed" by the
board in 1896. The ordinance covered all
such machines, and because it contained
the words "other electric machines" the
Supervisors concluded last year that the
telephone company ought to pay $2 a
quarter on. each of its nickel-in-the-slot
boxes.
Superior Judge Hebbard decided the
matter when he * dismissed two suits
brought by the city against the telephone
company. The suits were brought against
the company in May of last year. One
was for $196,000 for license taxes claimed
to be due from the telephone company on
the coin attachments, or nickel-in-the-slot
machines.
No doubt the passage of some 1S00 reso
lutions since the adoption of the charter
served to amuse the Board of Supervi
sors, but the members of the board were
greatly surprised yesterday to learn that
these resolutions. are not effective unless
signed by the Mayor.
The Telephone Company
» Wins Nickel-in-Slot
Machine Case. •
Philadelphia Will Be
Their Home for a
Week.
COURT RULES
AGAINST CITY
Oakland should make a hard fight with the
Anjrels. With Moskiman. Schmidt and Hodson
in the box and little Mohler at second they
have a team that is hard to beat.
Nnrdykij dropped rather an easy fly in the
eixth and Hildebrand dropped a foul, something
which seldom happens.
McGucken made the only run and two of the
four hits obtained by his team.
Parke Wilson failed to get his customary hit.
He has hit the ball safely in every game but
two in which he has played.
"•Josh" Reilly made the best hit in yester
day's contest It was a long double to center.
Doyle made a phenomenal catch of Pabst' s
long fly in the sixth. In making the catch he
fell, but pluckily held on to the ball. §
"Toungey" Johnson did not go south with
the Dudes, as they already have three pitchers.
He appeared on the Wasp6' bench yesterday
adorned with his "glad rags" and looked an-
Iburg worked his slow ball with great effect
on Courtney and Doyle yesterday. He struck
out both of them and also bad McNeely guess
ing.
Devereaux made a great stop of Wilson's
hard drive in the first yesterday and robbed
the German's backstop of a clean hit.
McNeely Is certainly a pitcher of the flrst
water. He has good speed, a fine assortment of
curves and splendid control.
Notes of the Game.
Runs responsible for — Iburg 1. Two-base hit —
Reilly. Sacrifice hits— McLaughlln. McNeely.
First base on errors— San Francisco 1. Sacra
mento 2. Fir* base on called balls — San
Francisco 2. Sacramento 2. Left on bases —
San Francisco 8, Sacramento 5. Struck out—
By Iburg 2. by McNeely 2. Hit by pitcher—
Iburjr, Wilson. Double play— Shay to Krug to
Pabst. Wild pitch— McNeely. Time of game—
1 hour and 25 minutes. Umpire — Levy. Offi
cial scorer— H. S. McFarlin.-
SACRAMENTO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Devereaux, ss 4 0 0 0 4 3 1
McLaughlin. 1. f.... 3 0 10 10 0
Sheehan, 3b 3 0 0 10 5 0
Courtney. 2b 3 0 0 0 4 6 0
Doyle, r. f 2 0 0 0 10 0
Stanley, c 3 0 10 2 10
Hanlon. lb 3 0 0 0 13 2 0
McGucken. c. f 3 12 0 1 0 0
McNeely, p..... 2 0 0 0 13 0
Totals 26 1 4 1 27 19 1
RUNS AND HITS BT INNINGS.
San Francisco 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0—0
Base hits 0 0 0 0 2 0 0 0 2—4
Sacramento 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 1 •— 1
Base hits :....O 1001002*— 4
SUMMARY.
SAN FRANCISCO.
AB. R. BH. S3. PO. A. E.
Nordkye. c f 3 0 0 0 0 0 1
Wilton, c 3 0 0 0.3 0 0
Hildebrand. 1. f 3 0 0 1 1 0 0
Schwartz, r. f 4 0 0 13 0 0
Pabst, lb 4 0 1 0 13 1 0
Krug. 2b 4 0 10 2 5 0
Shay, ss 4 0 1 0 0 6 0
Reilly, 3b 4 0 10 12 1
Iburg, p 2 0 0 0 1 1 0
Totals 31 0 4 2 24 15 2
Both teams fielded in a snappy manner,
Reilly. Devereaux and JCordyke making
the only errors. Shay, Devereaux anil
Doyle each accepted some particularly
difficult chances, which if missed wouid
surely" have resulted in runs being scored.
The only run of the game was scored
in Sacramento's half of tho eighth. Mc-
Gucken hit, took second on Me JJeely's
sacrifice and crossed the rubber on Mc-
Laughlin's lucky single to the right gar
den. The next man was an easy out and
the run getting was all over. The locals
came near scoring in their turn, but could
not hit when a hit meant a run. The
score:
Iburg and McNeely officiated on the
slab and both pitched magnificent ball.
They were as well matched as two twirl
ers could be, each allowing four hjts, two
bases on balls and making two strikeouts.
The San Francisco and Sacramento
baseball teams indulged In a battle royal
at Recreation Park yesterday afternoon,
neither team being able to .send "a man
across the plate for seven Innings of snap
py playing. In the eighth the Senators
proved the luckier, bringing McGucken
home by means of two clean singles and a
sacrifice. The DutQh also made two hits
the last time they were up, but were un
able to score.
Clubs— " Won. Lost. Pet.
San Francisco 61 49 •»«
Los Angeles SI .49 -6K
6acram*nto 49 M .48'.
Oakland 49 59 .45^
STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
Fourth. 2-year-olfls, selling, eleven-sixteenths
—Torso Maid 103. Tyranas 111. Huachuca 106.
Manora 303, Fred Atterbury 106. Irtna A 106.
Porous IOC. , -. .-
Fifth, 3-year-oHs and up, selling, one mllf?—
Kastane »l. f*a Spray 107. Mike Riee 112, Llz
zella. 108, El Mldo 107, Ringmaster 107.
BiTt*\. selling, three-fourths— Gusto 112, Miss
g First, trotting. 2:1* class, special mile heats.
Jn £— Osito. McKenna. Quiboul, Alta Vela.
Boydello. -.i. -
Second, pace special 2:12 class. 3 in 5 — John
A. Gaff Topsail, Harry J, Edna R, Qunen R.
Third, 3-year-olds and up. six furlonjr. sell
ing— TorSbio 1W>, Rio Colorado 1C*. Ravlno 105.
Howard 105. Chaste 98. Nettie Clark 102. Pongo
105, San Augustine 105 Phlegon 105, Billy Moore
110.
The following are the entries for Friday:
Horses Which. "Will Start.
Bcardman 110. Mountain Dew 106. Bob Palmer
306. Pegalongr 106. San Augustine 115, Pongo 110
and Ra vino 10S also ran.
Time. 1:33H.
Kitty Kelly 105. Vantine 108 and Prestidigita
tor 105 also ran. ¦/; v ;
Eig-hth race,, seven and a half furlongs sell
ing, purse ?22S:
L. Tryon's b. m., Galene 108. "by Brutus-
Picnic (Burlinpame). 8 to 1 1
Casdale. br. g.. 5. 112. by Favordale-Castalla
(Ransch). 8 to 5 2
Kastaine. ch. m.. 5, 110. by Eothen-Pearl
Finzcr (McXicholF), 3 to 1 3
Seventh race, six furlongs, high weight han
dicap, rurFe $250:-
T. J. Fit-Id's b. %., Rey Dare 3. 108 by El
Rio Roy-Ledy Dare (Ransch) 2 to' 2 1
Sir Do-Jgal. b. g.. 4. 115, by Dandle Dinmont-
Qup^n F (Foucon), 5 to 1 2
Good Hope. ch. m.. a, 114. by Colonel Clarkl
Gratitude (Ruiz). 3 to 2 j
Sixth race, one and an eighth mile handicap
The Governor's ctake. value ?€90:
W. B. Jennings & Co.'s b. h. Vesuvian 4,
IIS. by St. Andrew-Hot Springs (Ruiz). 4
to 5 1
Scotch Plaid, b. g.. 6, 111, by Midlothlan-Mot
tle <Ranseh). 6 to 5 2
Sir Hampton, br. h.. 4, 119. by St. Andrew-
Fannie Louise (Logue). 3 to 1.. ...... 3
Time— 1:E3%.
Flush of Gold 113 also ran.
Fifth race, five furlongs. Sunny Slope stake
for two-year-old fillies, value $520:
Burns & Waterhouse's b. t. Doreen 110, by
Torso-Dewy Duck (Ransch). 3 to 1 :... 1
Sister Jeanie, J>. t.. 115, by MId!othian-Pan
nie Louise (Logue), 3 to 1 2
Divina, br. f., 115, by Bassetlaw-Angeleta
(Ruiz), 1 to 3 3
Time— 1:00 3-5.
Inocencia 115 also ran.
Fourth race, five furlongs handicap, puree
J225:
E. Lanlgan's br. g. Halnault 110, by St.
Carlo-Libbertinibbet (Hoar). 2 to 1.... 1
Lapidus. b. c. 106. by. Star Ruby-Pearl V
(Ranfcch), 3 to 1 2
Jarretierre d'Or, b. %., 115, by Golden Garter-
Ricardo (Ruiz), even 3
Time— 1:01.
Flo Culver 90, Dawson SO and. Huachuca 116
also ran.
Limber Jim 116 and Galanthus 103 also ran.
Time— l:S3H.
Third race, eeven and a half furlongE, selling,
purse f225: • ; .
Owen Bros.' ch. m. Canejo 4, 113, by Royal
Flush-Lady Emma (Foucon), 6 to 1 1
Rlnaldo. b. g., 6, 110, by LeonatuE-Dahlia.
(Hoar). 2 to 1 2
Rinirmaster. cb. g., a, 114, by Buckmaster-
Grisette (Burllngame), 6 to 1 3
Time-2:16; 2:mi: 2:1«4; W. D.
Second race,* ppecial pace, heats three In fiv«,
puree J400:
Richard B. b. h.. by "Woolsey. by Ten
Broeck (Donohue) 3 111
Penrose. br. %., by Falrose (Mastin).. 2 2 2 ro
Our Boy's Sister, ch. m.. by Vendome
Boy (Bunch) 1 dls
Miramcnte. b. m.. by Diablo (H. D.
Brown) dls
Deacon, b. %., unknown (E. Smith)., dla
Time-2:10: 2:12%; 2*8%.
First race, pacing, 2:13 class, heats three in
five, x>urse 11000:
61r Albert S. b. g.. by Diablo-EIfie Lo
gan (Groom) Ill;
El Diablo, ch. g. t by Diablo (Farrar).. 2 2 2
Ilargaretta, blk m.. by Direct (Laf
ferty) 3 3 4
Dictatress, ch. m.. by Dictatus (Vance) 6 4 3
John A. br. h., by Wayland W (Mar
tin) ,. 4 7 7
Doc ¦Wilkes. b. g., by Mambrino (H. D.
Brown) 7 5 S
Gaff Topsail, ch. g.. by Diablo <J.
Smith) 5 6 6
Queen R, b. m., by Redondo (Ward) — 8 8 d
Sir Albert S was again the star of the
harness brigade In the 2:13 pace he sold
a 20 to 5 favorite over the entire field,
and won with perfect ease in straight
heats, his third heat being covered in
2:09*4. Nothing has been able to extend
the Diablo hoTse. and he looks a promis
ing candidate for the free-for-all class
next year. El Diablo finished second in
each heat paced.
A broken hopple resulted disastrously
for the backers of Our Boy's Sister, which
brought 10 against 1 for the field in what
betting was indulged in on the special
pace. With Charles Bunch behind her. the
chestnut mare took the first heat without
apparent effort About three furlongs
from home in the heat following one of
the hopples broke and she was distanced.
This left Richard B and Penrose to fight
It out, the first named horse securing the
long end of the purse in an uninteresting
struggle.
Matters did not open auspiciously for
favorites in the running events. Galan*
thus, 7 to 10 choice for the seven and a
half furlong affair, stumbled soon after
the start. Tuliett clung to the horse's
reck for fifty yards before he was rolled
in the dust. He escaped injury. Rinaldo
led to the stretch, where he was pa&sed
by Canejo. Foucon landing the mare a
handy winner at odds of 6 to L , Limber
Jim fan a poor fourth.
Ed Lanlgan'3 Hainault. carrying 110
pounds and ridden by Hoar, took the two
year-old handicap, at five furlongs. Hoar
beat the others away and, never headed,
wen by four open lengths In 1:01. Away
none too well. Jarretierre d'Or, the favor
ite, lost the place to Lapidus by a head.
Only six started.
Quite a strong tip permeated the ring
on Rey Dare to take the seventh event.
Backed to 3 to 2. the big fellow stepped
off three-quarters In 1:13^4, leading from
the jump. Foucon on Sir Dougal came
from the rear, downing Good Hope for
the place.
A cheap bunch started in the concluding
seven and a half furlong tour. Burlln
game astride Oalene, an 8 to 1 shot, led
his company away from the barrier, sim
ply epread-eagling the bunch. Casdale,
the favorite, just got the place by a head
from Kastaine.
Summary of the Races.
Sir Albert S Wins Handily.
SACRAMENTO. Sept.
day attracted another vast throng to Ag
ricultural Park, the rating card being the
longest of the season. Kigbt harness and
running events were decided. His Excel
lency Governor Gage viewed several of
the finishes froai the judges' stand, being
the guest of honor. While but three fa
vorites carried eff laurels the smart ones
landed on sevcr.il of the winners, and the
books did not enjoy as profitable a day
as they otherwise might.
Because of an uneven adjustment of the
weights the Governor's stake, at one mile
and a furlong, worth $G90. did not furnish
much of a contest. Vesuvian, the 4 to 5
choice, with Ruiz and US pounds up. was
let in altogether too light. After Flush of
Gold and Sir Hampton had set a clinking
pace to the stretch Ruiz made his move.
Scotch Plaid responded gamely, but Vesu
vian had too much class, winning at leis
ure by a length In 1:53%. nearly track
record time. Flush of Gold, anchored
with 113 pounds, was out of it at. the end.
There were but four starters.
Only four fillies sported colors for
the Sunny Slope stakes, valued at $520. Ab
Stemler's Dlviaa was held a prohibitive
1 to 3 choice, with Ruiz up. Slow to leave
the barrier, the best she could do was to
finish third. Logue on Sister Jeanie went
away at a merry clip, only to be nailed a
nose on the wire by Doreen. the Burns &
Waterhouse entry- The latter filly, splen
didly ridden by Ransch. covered the nve
furlongs in 1:00 3-5. Like all the returning
Montana campaigners, Inocencia cut no
figure.
NAVAL MILITIA
TO TAKE CRUISE
The annulment was not granted, but the
couple have continued living apart, and
the affairs of the Shaughnessys were for
g'Otten until the action for divorce was
instituted by the lonely husband.
Shaughnessy and his wife are first
cousins. At the time of the marriage con
siderable comment ¦ was caused by the
news of the relationship getting out. He
is a boiler-maker by trade. The fact that
Miss Nunan was willing to leave a lux
uriously furnished home for "that of a
mechanic caused a great amount of talk,
which was not stilled until those who
knew them tired of their marriage as a
theme for gossip.
Mrs. Shaughnessy was not summoned,
but a visit was paid to her in Sonoma,
where her deposition was taken. Under
oath she stated that she had been plied
with liquor at the home of Mrs. Little,
her husband's mother, and kept in a state
of intoxication until the ceremony had
been performed. She said that when she
regained her senses she left her husband
and had no desire to go back to him.
He claimed that Anastasia was not the
real plaintiff, and that she was coerced
into and compelled to commence the ac
tion by her brother, Frank Nunan, J. J.
Harrigan and Lawrence Hourihan. The
last named, Shaughnessy claimed, was a
rejected suitor for the fair Anastasla's
hand and was actuated by jealousy.
. Shaughnessy and his wife have never
been reunited, and the husband gave up
the battle yesterday.
A short time after the wedding Mrs.
Shaughnessy asked that the marriage
ceremony be annulled, claiming that she
wedded Shaughnessy under "force, fraud
and duress." She said the ceremony was
performed while sha was in a state of
mental Irresponsibility, superinduced by
liquors and narcotics.
Her husband denied the charges and
said that when his wife married him she
was fully in possession of her faculties.
He wanted- her summoned so that the
court could see what a bright woman she
was.
AUGUSTUS SHAUGHNESSY was
granted a divorce from Anastasia
Shaughnessy yesterday by Judge
Graham. The decree was granted
. on the ground of desertion, and is
the ending of a marriage celebrated but a
little more than a year ago that attracted
widespread attention.
Mrs. Shaughnessy that was Is tne
daughter of Matthew. Nunan, -the million
aire brewer, and she wedded the man who
has secured a divorce from her April 6,
1900, under' such peculiar circumstances
that, so the story goes, her father had
her stolen away from the side of her hus
band a few days after the ceremony. The
alleged abduction of the young wife
brought the couple into the courts.
Shaughnessy said his wife would return
to him if she was free from her father's
control. He filed a complaint and asked
for a writ of habeas corpus to secure the
custody of his stolen bride.
The bride"s father made return to the
writ and denied that his daughter was re
strained of her liberty. He stated that
she was in Sonoma County, where she
went of her own free will.
The Sunny Slope Event Is
Won by the Filly
Doreen. ¦
Neither Baseball Team Able
to Score Until the
Eighth.
With a Light Impost
Captures the Gov
ernor's Stake.
Makes the Only Run in
¦ Game With San
Francisco.
VESUVIAN WINS
AT STATE FAIR
M'GUCKEN WINS
FOR SACRAMENTO
SHAUGHNESSY TIRES OF THE BONDS
WHICH TIE HIM TO HIS ABSENT WIFE
Secures Divorce- From of- Matthew -Nunan, the Wealthy Brewer,
;; Whom He Wedded but Little More Than a Year Ago— She Makes
Oath That She Was Under Influence of Narcotics: When She Married
HARNESS HORSES
AT EMERYVILLE
RELIANCE CLUB
GETS THE MATCH
i According to stories In circulation yes*
terday tho sum. of a quarter of a^ million
dollars has been paid by the company
that recently purchased the great Sweep
stakes gravel mining property In Trinity
County in the acquisition of tho mining
claim of Hopp & McMurray, near Wea
verville. This is several miles from tho
Sweepstakes gravel mine and is also a
gravel proposition of which there are sev
eral In the savme>" general locality. The)
purpose of the Sweepstakes people Is sup
posed to be to gather in such lands as
they are assured will be profitable to
them and can be secured at a reasonable
The Hoppe claim has been worked"
many years and has made several very
1 -ndsome annual clean-ups. Those who
have visited It say that there are prob
ably at least two miles of river bed that
have never been touched by miners and
the facilities for working are such that
there Is nothing to prevent operations for
flf t v years if they prove to be profitable
for" that period. The claim is patented
and has a natented water right.
Old-Time Gravel Mining Property la
Trinity County Changes
Owners.
QUARTER OF TYTTT.T.TOK'
h j* ur DEA22
games from Cleveland to-day, although out
batted In each. Crystall'a bases on balls and
Connor's passed balls save. Detroit' the* first.
while Inability to hit Siever with men on basea
caused the second grams to go to the sa.*a«
team. Attendance. 1400. Score:
• First game. R. H. E.
Cleveland ~~ ..„. * 11 2
Detroit 5 7 2
Batteries— Crystall and Connor; Miller and
McAllister.
Second game. • R. H. E.
Cleveland 3 13 2
Detroit 4 10 3
Batteries — McNeil and Wood; Siever. Mc-
Allister and Shaw. it
"WASHINGTON, Sept. 12.— "Washington and
Boston to-day played a draw game of ten
innings, called on account of darkness. For th«
first six Innings Boston apparently bad th»
game clinched, but the home team tied the
score in the seventh. Attendance. H35. Score:
R. H. E.
Washington 6 11 1
Boston S 11 2
Batteries— Patten and Clarke; Lewis and
Schreck.
BALTIMORE. Sept. 12.— Baltimore and Phila
delphia broke even on a double-header here
this afternoon. McGinnity pitched both games
for the locals and did good work in the face of
discouraging playing by his team. Attendance^
310O. Score:
First game. R. H. B.
Baltimore.. 4 10 5
Philadelphia 3 7 1
¦ Batteries — McGinnity and Robinson; Plank
and Steelman.
Second game. R. H. E.
Baltimore 4 10 3
Philadelphia 5 10 1
Batteries— McGinnity and Robinson; Bern
hardt and Powers.
MILWAUKEE, Sept. 12.— Milwaukee and
Chicago played tho last two games at the local
grounds to-day,^ each winning one. Hutting
and Piatt pitched fine ball, while the fleldln?
of McBride, Mertes and Maloney was th« fea
ture. Attendance, 750. Scores: " I
First game, R. H. BJ.
Milwaukee ~~ 5 10 0
Chicago -• 14 3
Batteries— Hustlng and Donahue; Patterson
and Sugden.
Second game. R. H. E.
Milwaukee ...'.»...V.^^... 0 2 S
Chicago ~ .' 4 5 0
Batteries— Reidy and Donahue; Piatt and Sol.
llvan.
NATIONAL LEAGUE.
PHILADELPHIA, Sept. 12.-In a earn© fnU
of poor plays and unnecessary wrangling St.
Louis won to-day. Orth and Murphy were both
easy arid were taken out. Dusrgleby and Harper
being substituted. Attendance, 929. Score:
'¦ic h. a
St. Louis ~ ,.~~..H> 14 1
Philadelphia — 9 II 1
Batteries — Murphy. Harper, Sudbolt and
Nichols; Orth and McFarland. Umpire— Dwyer.
NEW YORK. Sept. 12.— The New Torks fall<*l
to. bat. and as a result Cincinnati won at the
polo grounds to-day. Two games wers
scheduled, but. owing to the rain in tho early
part of the afternoon, the first game was called
off. Attendance. 500. Score:
K. H, B,
Cincinnati . .— ...¦ ..-. S 11 J
New York „» 3 7 1
Batteries— Sudhoff and Bergen: McGeo *n6
Bowerman. Umpires— Snyder and Brown.
Wins Each Game "With a Iffargin of
But One Bun— In Other
Cities,
AMERICAN LEAGUE.
CLEVELAND. Sept. 12.— Detroit won botii
DETBOIT NINE TAKES
TWO FROM CLEVELAND
The scene of racing on this coast win
shift on Monday from Sacramento to the
track of the new California Jockey Club.
Emeryville, The. meeting will he under
the direction of tho Golden Gate Racing
Association and will continue until tho
24th inst. T. W. Brooks will be in the
stand, while F. E. Mulholland will handle
the starter's flag.
There will be two trotting or pacing
races each day and four or more races
for the runners. Those for'the latter win
be over night entry affairs, and some good
contests are expected. The majority of
the horses which have been taking part
In the State Fair meeting at Sacramento
are expected to appear in addition to a
number of runners, which are being given
easy work in anticipation of the opening
of the winter season of racing.
The horses which will start in tho har
ness races are as follows:
2:14 class trot— Claudius, Dan W, Alto Velo,
Oslto, Lynall. Bordello.
J:12 pace— Gaff Topsail, Que«n R. John A.
Midnight, Edna K, Our Boy's Sister. Dictatresm
and Margaretta.
2:30 trot— Lucy G, Peter Jackson, McKenca,
The Tout, Lady Granard, Joe Selby, Alevis.
2-16 trot — Puerto Rico, Nora McKlnney, Al
monda. Lynall, Quiboul, Floradora.
2:14 trot— Claudius, Dan W, Alto Velo, Oaito,
Lynall, Boydello.
2:12 pace— Gaff Topsail. Queen R, John A.
Midnight, Edna R, Our Boy's Sister, DictatrtM
and Margaretta.
2:30 trot— Lucy G, Peter Jackson, McKenna,
The Tout Lady Granard, Joe Selby, Alevis.
Ingleside stake for Golden Gate Driving
Club. ¦
B*ces on Card for Trotters,
Pacers and for the
Runners.
Eight Days 1 Sport Ar
ranged for Track at
Oakland.
Champion Jeffries and
Joe Kennedy Will
Box There.
The Labor Unions Find No
Flaw in the Latter's
In an effort to help his many friends
in the Reliance Athletic Club, Oakland.
Champion "Jim" Jeffries stirred up op
position' which appeared for a time to
menace all the boxing engagements for
which his representative, "Kid" Egan,
has booked" him on this coast. .
It all came about through his agree
ment to' meet big Joe Kennedy In a spe
cial four-round bout before his fight with
Ruhlin. Owing to Billy Delaney, his
manager, living in Oakland he has pre
pared for all his big fights there, and has
always had the use of the Reliance Club
gymnasium. In return for the courtesies
shown him he has on several occasions
volunteered . his services on exhibition
nights. Following out this custom he
offered to box four rounds with any one
the club officials might select. They ac
cepted and named Joe Kennedy. ;
Jeffries thought the matter was all set
tled until rumors reached him that the
laboring element Intended boycotting his
fight with Ruhlin in this city and his ex
hibitions throughout the State. Inquiry
developed the fact that Kennedy was ac
cused of being a non-union man. Any one
knowing him would not believe such a
statement . for a moment, and tt did not
take him long to clear himself of the
charge. The Reliance Club officials re
ferred the matter to the Teamsters'
Union, and its officers gave Kennedy a
clean bill of health.
Walter B. Fawcett, manager of the
club, has the necessary articles prepared.
All that Is required to clinch the matter
is the signature of Kennedy. Jeffries, to
win, must stop Kennedy in four rounds.
As the latter is a shlfty^boxer the task
allotted the champion is not a light one.
The directors of the Olympic Club have
arranged six special boxing bouts for next
Wednesday evening. Their efforts to find
an opponent for "Jimmy" Britt proved
fruitless. The latter offered to give away
ten pounds in weight, but all the avail
able talent declined to accept the in
evitable thrashing at his hands. The men
who will box are:
Ed Parker and William Hagerty, 118
pounds; W. J. Leonard and Daniel Dan
ziger, 125 pounds; J.'F. McCarthy and Dan
Barry, 140 pounds; Joseph Lundie and
Frank McDonald, 125 pounds; Clem Mil
ward and Charles Gallivan, 168 pounds;
J. J. Dukelow and William Kelly, 162
i pounds. } *
SAN EAFAEL GOLFSES
BUSY ON" THE LINKS
Several Interesting and Hovel Con
tests Have Already Been Held
or Are in Progress.
The San Rafael Golf Club had a busy
time during the recent holidays. On Sat
urday there was an interesting contest
for trophies presented by Mr. and Mrs.
George E. Starr and Mr. and Mrs. W. J.
Casey, the ladies playing over nine holes
and the gentlemen over eighteen, the con
testants making the highest percentage
of gain over their own best pre
vious scores to be___.the wlnner3,
no account being taken of players
whose record scores were better
than 50 or worse than 70. Miss Burroughs
won with a score of 65, or a percentage of
10L5; Mrs. Curtis was second with 77. or
a percentage of 98.7. Other players' scores
were as follows: Mrs. H. E. Skinner 80,
percentage 97: Mrs.- Lester Wright 86, per
centage 97.9; Mrs. Seymour 63, percentage
95.2; Mrs. R. G. Brown 57, percentage 94.7;
Mrs. J. J.- Crooks 72, percentage 93; Mrs.
E. J. Hooper 94,' percentage 92.5; Mrs.
Hecht 82. percentage 92.6; Mrs. Hopkins 87.
percentage- 97.3; Mrs. Lyman 90, percent
age 87.7. The best gross score for the
nine holes was Mrs. R. G. brown's— 57.
The men's event, over eighteen holes, no
score better than 100 nor worse than 140
being reckoned, produced some close con
tests. Douglas Hardy, whose record score
was 118, won with a score of 113, giving
him a percentage of improvement of 104.4,
and R. J. Davis was second with a score
6f 101, giving him a percentage of 99.9.
Other scores were as follows: R, G.
Brown 101, percentage 99.009; E. J. Hooper,
percentage 98.20; J. J. Crooks 102, percent
age 98.03; R. .D. Murray 116, percentage
93.1; A. A. Curtis 126, percentage 92.06; C.
A. Belden 115, percentage 91.38.
On Admission day the qualifying round,
over eighteen holes, medal play, for the
championship trophy for men, took place,
the following eight qualifying, the nan.. 3
being in the order of their scores: J. J.
Crooks, R. Gilman Brown, R. J. Davis;
E. J. Hooper, C. A. Belden, C. P. Pom
eroy, Douglas Hardy and George Heazel
ton. These eight will play in the opening
match play round to-morrow, being
paired as follows: R. J. Davis versus
George Heazelton, Douglas Hardy versus
C. P. Pomeroy, C. A. Belden versus R. G.
Brown and E. J. Hooper versus J. J.
Crooks. .The four winners will play In the
semi-final on Saturday, September 21, and
the two winners in the final round on a
date selected by mutual agreement. The
winner will have his name engraved on
the trophy, which carries, with it the
match play championship of the club.
The ladies' handicap, over nine holes,
for a cup presented by Mrs. R. G. Brown,
was played on the morning of Admission
day and resulted in a tie between Mrs.
F. S. Johnson, whose score was 66 less
&— 57, and Mrs. W. J. Casey, whose score
was 75 less 18—57. In the afternoon the tie
was" played off and Mrs. F. S. Johnson
won with a score of 68 less 9—59. Mrs.
Johnson's round in the morning in 66 was
the best score made by a lady during the
Contest; her afternoon score was 68.
In the driving competition for men each
contestant drove five balls 'into a space
marked off by lines, a ball counting one,
two, three or four, according to its length
and accuracy. C. >P. Pomeroy, W. J.
Casey and R. G. Brown tied with 4 points
out of a possible 20. The tie will.be
played oft to-morrow. • »
Calif ornians In New York.
NEW YORK, Sept. 12.— The following
Calif ornians are in New York: From San
Francisco— D. B. Dwyer, at the Ashland;
T M. Gray, at the Cosmopolitan; R. Han
ford and wife. W. S. Tevis and wife, at
the Holland' B. B. Marshall, at the Grand
Union; "W. H. "Wright, at the Grand Ho
tel' J. L. Prior, at the Marlborough; G.
C. Salch. Mrs. G. C. Salch, at the Girard;
F W. Sumner, at the Murray Hill.
Froni»Los Angeles— S. S. Conroy, at the
Manhattan; W. H. Prowse, H. .XV. Under
hlll. at. the Grand; E. A. Beck, at the
Navarre; H. F. Eberhart, at the Grand
Union; Mrs. W. Longstreet, A. H. Wil
cox. Mrs. A. H. Wllcox, at the Holland;
H.* Slntzell. at the Cadillac.
From San Jose— A. R. Denlke, at the
Union Square. , . .; L
THE SAN; FUANCISCO CALIi; FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 13, 1901
8
wMk/ \ llPi \A/^^ buying a shot ?un don't throw away money
P^ J& I w Wch will outshoot any other shot gun on the market
iBWpp^^S^™** 1 '^^*''! FREE — Send name and address on postal card for 764-page catalogue
¦Ppjjlgrj; I WINCHESTER REPEATING ARMS CO., MfifLl 1 'When taken to the City Prison Whit
worth refused to talk, but finally said
he had been engaged as a solicitor for
the New York Mutual Life Insurance
Company, Seattle, and had obtained a
policy for $100,000 for a man named Hinck
ley. He received notes for the first an
nual premium of $4169. he said, and had
discounted them, intending to pay the
premium, less his commission, which he
bad frequently done when the policy was
issued in New York. He presumed that
Hinckley had withdrawn the application
or the company had not accepted the risk.
Sherwood Gillespie, the agent, knew that
he was good for the money, he said.
Lawrence Whitworth, alias H. B. .de
Long, was arrested on the Oceanic dock
yesterday morning by Detectives Whltta
ker and McMahon as he was boarding the
steamship Ventura for Honolulu. The
arrest was made on a dispatch from
Chief John Sullivan of Seattle that Whit
worth was wanted there on the charge of
felony embezzlement.
Former Police Officer Wanted
in Seattle on Embezzle
* ment Charge.
Detectives Arrest Law*
rence Whitworth on
Gangplank.
CHECK FLIGHT
TO HONOLULU
LOS OLIVOS. Sept. 12.— -A flre on the
land of the • Santa Ynez Land Company,
farmed , by Martin & Frates, burned over.
250 acres to-day, and destroyed 200 sacks
of ' barley. ¦' . . — -____^_" _
Costly Fire on Farm Land.
: - SAN ; JOSE, Sept. ; , 12.— The executive
committee _ of - the California ,, Cured | Fruit
Association is in session to-day discussing
measures for, marketing the new. crop.,of
prunes. The association is preparing to
lock horns with, the packers the -moment
the new crop .; is, ready J for shipment and
ways and | means are being | considered to
offset: the expected . efforts of .the packing
interests to lay. hands on the fruit..
Plan. Marketing of Prunes.
LANSING, Kans., Sept. Mor
rison;' who was .sent to' the' penitentiary
here for five years for killing Mrs. Wiley-
Castle," her rival/ at Eldorado, by cuttlnjr
her throat .with a , razor, was released to
day on bonds, pending appeal. Sh© , ap
pears well and happy. She boarded a car
for Excelsior Springs," Mo. ,' where she will
join her brother, before going home to her
parents. ' ¦ : ¦'¦¦- .»'"¦ .•¦'•' • !
Jessie Morrison Released on Bonds.
SOQUEIi, Sept. 12.— Soquel is taking ad
vanced steps in the : line, of .burial reform.
A" petition is being • circulated and signed
by nearly every, resident in the town in
which they promise that the expense of
burying any. relative shall be as cheap as
possible, about $15 , being the limit They
expect to do ; away, with the hearse, and
instead of an expensive casket there will
be a plain box. ¦ ¦ . . ' - - \
"Would Xessen Cost of Funerals.
NOlT-TXNIOir ' FTRKM A TT BEA.TENY
Strikers Attack S. Murray, One \ of
The, Puebla's Crew. .
8. Murray, a fireman - on - the . steamship
City of Puebla, was attacked: yesterday
afternoon and severely, beaten by. a crowd
of strikers. He' was o'on V his way from
Broadway dock to the. ferry depot.-Pass
ing the foot of Clay street a' man stepped,
up to him, called him a "scab" and Btruck
him between- the ; eyes..: A crowd \ closed
artjund- Murray and blows and -kicks were
The sailors who arrived on the salmon
ships were In evidence . along ¦ the water
front last -night. They : have .'been paid
off, and quite. a number of them exhibited
signs of having- invested their money in
liquor. . They showed no disposition to
make trouble.' however, and although the
police locked up some half-dozen of them
ft was more .for the Bailors' protection
than anything else. ¦..::, -/'.¦•.'.
The steamer Crescent City, which has
been laid up since the commencement of
the strike, went out yesterday on her reg
ular run .to Crescent City. She carried an
unusually large cargo and many . passen
gers. The barkentlne , Gardiner City took
the Crescent City's berth: at Main street
and commenced discharging. ;.
, Sergeant \ Price's . disguised policemen
scheme seems to have- been: effectual in
curbing .the- strikers In their campaign of
violence, against strangers, and the water
front is comparatively peaceful again.
At Howard-street wharf business was in
full swing.- The British Bhips British Gen
eral and Australia were discharging their
Antwerp cargoes, while the Haddon Hall
was getting rid of her Liverpool freight as
fast as steam winches and a full comple
ment of- longshoremen could handle it.
The schooner Zampa was also discharg
ing. So fast as the freight was placed on
the wharf teams were hauling it away.
On this one dock alone some 300 men were
employed.
The water front is rapidly resuming a
normal condition of activity, and yester
day there was little from Meiggs wharf
to the Pacific Mail dock j to indicate the
existence of the' strike. Docks and drive
ways were crowded with .wagons and
trucks and the wharves presented their
usual busy aspect. ¦ . ...
Steamers Sail on Time and Freight
Moves Rapidly.
Stut has just returned from the East,
where he has studied the latest methods
and appliances for underground elec
tric railway construction. He stated that
the cost of installing an underground sys
tem would not be more than 15 or 20 per
cent over that for a trolley system.
City Engineer. Grunsky. suggested that
tho extension of the Geary-street road
should be along - Ninth avenue ¦ to Point
Lobos, to Geary, to Market, to the ferry:
also along Second street to Townsend, to
the railroad depot. , ¦
- It is proposed to reserve Potrero avenue
for. an outlet to. the southern portion of
the city when .the needs of the Mission
district , become apparent. The feasibility
of a road over Fifteenth street to the Po
trero and thence south on some conve
nient street to the manufacturing districts
was discussed. . <
The Supervisors' Committee on Public
utilities .: recommended yesterday that J.
H. Stut, who is employed by the Board of
Works . . as . consulting engineer,' file ' his
plans and estimates on October 1, 1901, for
the changing; of the Geary-street railway
to an electric system proposed to be op
erated by the city. Stut also stated that
it was intended to construct a crosstown
road over Franklin street, 'from Oak to
Lombard and out to the Presidio, return
ing by way of Gough street. The road Is
to be continued along Oak street to Mar
ket, to Eleventh, to Division and to Po
trero avenue. • .
CITY'S WEABVES ABE BTJSTjT.
With 'drawn .revolvers two
sat on the top seat of a cab and guarded
six non-union men into the Monongahela
Policemen Draw Their Revolvers.
.This latter was said in answer to the re-
Eort that -the. Youngstown < strikers \had
eld a meeting this . afternoon, and- had
telegraphed President Shaffer asking him
to attend an adjourned: meeting? -to-night.
He said -he knew, of no .meeting- at
¦Youngstown. ¦ Jt was said at the Amalga
mated headquarters to-day that the steel
combine had refused to entertain any fur
ther propositions of settlement from the
Amalgamated Association. This • would
seem to strengthen the report from New-
York that the situation is now in just the
shape It was before the first conference
in Cleveland— in the hands of. the constit
uent companies for ..settlement, /that
Schwab and Morgan have turned the mat
ter, over to the local officials and that- if
anything is done it must be done by them
and through the officers In ¦ New York.
The officers of: the American. Steel Hoop
Company, -the American Tinplate Com
pany and. the American Sheet Steel Com
pany are under orders now to start their,
mills, either by -opening. them non-union
or effecting a settlement with the associa
tion on terms that will be satisfactory to
the New. York officials. // V •/,?'-'
Shaffer later, said: '.'There has been no
conference with the steel people to-day as
has been reported. - I have not been to
New Tork and I am not going there nor
am I -going to Youngstown." . . ¦ . . •
By many Shaffer was supposed to be in
New York in conference with President
Schwab.- Others were convinced that' he
was in. conference with the American Tin
Plate - officials discussing ; a proposition to
call the strike off, so far as that company
was concerned.- When President Shaffer
finally appeared at headquarters at ¦ 4 p.
m. he dispelled all hopes by saying that
there was no change in the situation. Im
mediately j after j arriving ¦ at the office
Shaffer" called thie national officers to his
room for a conference which lasted forty
minutes. It was impossible to learn what
the conference was about as none of the
participants. would talk. ' .
PITTSBURG, Sept. 12.— Tho air .-was
again full . of rumors to-day that the
strike had been settled. The absence of
President Shaffer from the Amalgamated
headquarters all day. lent color to . the re
port.
No Immediate Prospect
of Settling Steel
Trouble. A
Supervisors' Utilities
Committee Hears
Report.
NEW RAILWAYS
ARE CONSIDERED
Cu.stom-H.ou.se Teamster Beaten.
Allen Jefferson, a Custom-house team
ster, was attacked by a gang of strikers
at Fourth and Minna streets at an early
hour this morning. Drawing his revolver
Jefferson fired three shots at the gang.
He was then seized and after being se
verely beaten he was relieved of his pis
tol. Jefferson was found lying in the
street by Police Officer Cavanaugh, and
8t once removed to the Receiving Hospi
tal. In addition to being repeatedly struck
in the face he was brutally, kicked by his
assailants.
Special Officers Ballinger and Leslie,
while on their way to the Overland
Freight Transfer Company's stables
shortly before 6 o'clock yesterday morning
were attacked by a gang of strikers at
Fourth and Harrison streets. Both men
drew their revolvers and" fired into the
crowd. As one of the attacking party
was seen to stagger away from the scene
both Ballinger and Leslie - are satisfied
that one of the bullets struck him. The
Btrikers fired several shots at the specials,
but without effect. Sergeant Shea and a
posse of officers went to the assistance
of Ballinger and Leslie and escorted them
to the barn of *the transfer company.
Keystone, Union, Enterprise,. Rlverton
and ' Shaffer lodges \ of ' the Amalgamated'
Association • will receive* $8 ; per member
to-morrow ' from the general strike fund.
Several hundred \ mill • men are ' left ¦ out
Only a few hundred tube works men who
formed federation lodges have any claim
on the '$1380 subscribed . by the local;mer
chants. Over 8000 employes of the 'Na
tional Tube -Works are without any hope
of' aid. . • '¦¦ ¦' ' •. " i -v- " . •: • : ;
• An ] exchange of correspondence .has
taken place between J.P. Herans, presi
dent of the National Tube Works, and
Mayor Black of McKeesport. The former
¦wrote demanding that the Mayor prevent
further interference .on the part of the
strikers with the operation of the tube
plant by dispersing the .crowds which
congregated about i the plants ; - in other
words,- the pickets. The -Mayor; has-re
plied that he will not interfere with the
strikers so long as they .use only-persua
sion. | He says he could as lawfully pre
vent the mill bosses- from talking with
the strikers as he could prevent the strik
ers from arguing with the workmen. He
says he will guard the mill officials to
and from work if - necessary. ; but- he at
tributed the inability of . the officials to
start the -plant to -the fact that the great
mass of men are, unwilling to return to
work. . '
Mayor Declines to Interfere.
Nine men were, taken > into . the . Star tin
mill to-day without any Interference. The
situation'- at- all. of the other plants re
mains unchanged. . ¦ •. ¦¦-.;•.••
-. Up to 3. o'clock the streets about the
plant were deserted, but when the ..word
was passed that a. cab was en route to
the mill with six non-unionists the streets
became, black, with- people in a few mo
ments. When the rig made its appear
ance with,- the armed guard aboard-pan
demonium reigned. The crowd hooted and
a few missiles were , thrown. . The horses
were whipped into a gallop and the mill
was reached without serious damage.be
ing done. ...-;••¦ . ¦ • . :..
The streets in the. vicinity of the Monon
gahela plant are now virtually in a state
of siege. By a system of signals and
picketing the strikers of the Monongahela
plant are able to mobilize a great crowd
on short ' notice. This was . worked to
day to perfection. - .:. .
tin plant on the south side this after
noon. A crowd of strikers and sympa
thizers pursued the, cab - to and from- the
mill, and when the return trip was begun
both officers once more* drew their.pis
tols and at Fourteenth and Carson streets
one shot was fired from the cab. j No one
was hurt, j ¦•: • ¦ . .
At this stage, of the proceedings another
special officer, who was passing on a
Fourth-street car, came . to Frennett's
rescue. He drew his revolver and or
dered the : strikers to disperse. They im
• mediately fled up the street and took ref
uge in an alley, from which they fired
a number of. shots in the direction of the
two officers. The officer fired twice "In
I*.' J. Frennett; a special officer, was
waylaid by a gang of strikers- and severe
ly beaten as he was going quietly along
Harrison street to his work at about half
past "6 "o'clock yesterday morning. Fren
nett, who has been deputized to guard
one of Farnsworth & Ruggles' team
sters, was nearirlg Fourth street, when
he was suddenly approached from behind
by his ' assailants. Before he had time
to . draw his revolver he was knocked
down. While . he was lying prostrate on
the sidewalk unable to protect himself,
the strikers proceeded to kick hint about
the body and even In the face. Some of
them even went so far as to jump upon
his-prostrate body. .
Strikers Id© in "Wait "for Teamsters*
Guards.
ATTACKS MADE I ON SPECIALS.
The reappointment by Dr. Clark of A.
"W. Horsholt as assistant medical super
intendent, term expired, was approved.
The following appointments were ap
proved: G. Hoffman, assistant cook; Fred
Noiregaard. first assistant cook; A. Fred
ericsen. second assistant cook; O. B. Har
vey, coachman; J. H. Scofield, assistant
attendant; James Padrom, assistant
dairyman. Superintendent Clark reported
the acceptance of the following resigna
tions: A. L. Howcraft and James Gal
lagher, assistant cooks; L. J. Baker,
coachman; Joseph Jefferson, assistant at
tendant: J. B. Sharpe. attendant in yard,
and C. E. Martin, cook.
STOCKTON, Sept. 12.— The monthly re
ports of the various departments of the
Stockton State Hospital were submitted
at the monthly meeting of the board of
managers to-day. Disbursements for the
year amounting to 5216,940 42, and for the
month 517,874 62, were shown by the finan
cial statement.
CHANGES ARE MADE
AT STOCKTON ASYI.TJH
Board of Managers Accepts Several
Resignations and 'Makes Some
Appointments.
STRIKE AFFAIRS
IN BAD SHAPE
Ifa giving reasons. for the strike being broken
a leading lumberman has been quoted as say
ing that the Building, Trades Council did not
vrish to have business entirely stopped here
which, would have been done had th» long-
The Building Trades Council of Ala
meda County has accepted publicly the
responsibility for the break in the strike
on this side of the bay. A detailed ex
planation of the council's attitude con
cerning the strike of the teamsters and
the longshoremen in sympathy with the
San Francisco walkout has been made by
J. H. Mullen, chairman of the executive
committee of the Alameda County Build
ing Trades Council. Chairman Mullen de
clares that the council, which represents
thousands of union mechanics, at no time
favored the strike in Oakland, but urged
the longshoremen against quitting, and
declared that they had by right no place
in the warfare that was waging in San
Francisco. . , .
In his public statement of the case
Chairman Mullen said:
Whether the Teamsters'- Union 1 will re
fuse to handle lumber, discharged by the
returned longshoremen is a question. The
union drivers have been handling coal
which non-union crews discharged, and
the employers do not believe that the
lumber teamsters will be interfered with
by the union,, although the matter is un
der advisement. . . -.
Ali of the cargo handlers necessary to
move lumber and coal are at hand, and
the water front dealers eee no further
difficulty in prospect so far as the move
ment of those commodities is concerned.
The decision of the longshoremen to re
sume .work will give the tied-up lumber
vessels in San Francisco Bay opportunity
to be discharged, the cargoes being tran
shipped from Oakland to the San Fran
cisco yards. Lumber men are confident
that the action of the Oakland longshore
men is the beginning of the end.
Captain Wikander of the schooner
Muriel, which is being discharged at the
Puget Sound Lumber Companyis dock,
was given a police guard to-day because
a dozen sailors from San . Francisco
boarded . the schooner yesterday and
forced some longshoremen off- the vessel.
A crowd of strikers made its appearance
to-day, but the members were kept away
from the schooner.
OAKLAND, Sept. 12.— Efforts of strikers
from San Francisco to induce the union
longshoremen to again quit work have
failed. Delegations from across the bay
made two attempts to confer with men
on the water front to-day, but there was
no meeting, the longshoremen declaring
they were well content to return to work
and desired no interference. . •
Longshoremen iDecline . to Confer
With San Francisco Committee.
REFUSE TO QUIT WORK AGAIN
Hence when Mr. Nellson,.the business agent
of the longshoremen, says that the Building
Trades Council has done nothing: for them,
he evidently draws on his imagination, for
he must admit that the .. Building Trades
Council at least gave advice to the longshore
men, its advice to go to work land not embroil
itself in a question between two bodies of
neither of which were the longshoremen an
integral part— a piece ,of advice which, had the
longshoremen acted on, they would not now
find themselves in what must be a somewhat
embarrassing position of voluntarily .electing
to do something- ; that, a . short time - ago, they
voluntarily elected not to do.
Said action was taken* by the executive com
mittee and was Indorsed .< by the Building
Trades Council as a protective measure not
only to the longshoremen ~ themselves, but in
the Interests of the several other crafts who
are affiliated with them .and who, by reason
of that affiliation, are as,, vitally interested in
any demand that is made, by any union as is
the union which makes the demand; and, also,
to protect the employers whose interests the
Building Trades Council realizes must be con
sidered paramount to all others.- •
This was taken after the fact - was
demonstrated to the satisfaction of the execu
tive committee that the work in question had
heretofore been done by the longshoremen and
was claimed and allowed "by the trades rules
and by-laws of the Longshore Lumbermen's
Union, as they at that time existed.
shoremen's strike continued longer. For the
benefit of the public I will say it is not now,
nor has It ever been the policy of the Build
ing Trades Council to' tolerate any Interference
from any organization not affiliated with and
subordinate to the Building Trades Council
that would tend to mar the harmony that at
present exists, and for a longr time has existed,
between the employers and employes in the
various departments of the building Industry.
In explaining the action taken by the Build-
Ing Trades Council In what is at present re
ferred to as the longshoremen's strike, . I will
say that the executive committee of the Build
ing Trades Council, in a. special meeting called
to consider the question, recommended to the
longshoremen that they handle all lumber
coming to Oakland as usual.
One of the principal grounds on which
the professor will base his request for
the removal of his subordinate is that she
Is of a quarrelsome nature and prone to
imagine that the pupils are her designing
enemies and that the other teachers are
attempting to interfere with her work.
The charges are all signed by Professor
Lyser and in his complaint he asserts that
other instructors will be secured to sub
stantiate his allegations.
The charges which Professor Lyser will
present to the board aver that Miss Mc-
Kinney is unable to maintain order in her
class-room except by excitine: fear in the
pupils; that her methods of instructing
are bad, in that she does- not develop the
pupils' power to think for themselves, and
that they are merely led to imitate with
out any comprehension of the meaning or<
purpose of education. Professor Lyser
also claims that Miss McKinney's. lan
gruage is too often not in line with the
comprehension of small children and that
she too frequently assigns more work
than the children could properly assimi
late.
A complaint is to be presented to the
Board of Education to-day alleging that
Miss M. C. McKinney, teacher of the
second grade of the John Swett Grammar
School, is incapable, because of certain
mental peculiarities, of properly filling her
position. The charges have been drawn
up by Professor Albert Lyser, principal of
the school.
To most of the teachers In the public
schools, the charges against Miss McKin
ney will cause great surprise. She has
held a position as an instructor since
January 28. 1S2L Since her appointment in
1S91 she has taught in at least nine dif
ferent schools in various parts of the
city, and this is the first time, as far as
is known, that her ability as a teacher
has been called Into question. When she
first entered into the service of the School
Department, she was assigned to a posi
tion in the Noe Valley School. Since then
at different times she has taught in the
James Lick. Starr King, Hearst. Rich
mond. Buena Vista, South End, Irving
Scott and Cleveland Grammar schools.
Principal of the John Swett
School Asks for Removal
of Instructor.
formally pledged themselves to re
turn to work to-day. Other smaller cau
cuses were held in the same district with
similar results.
While the teamsters were deliberating
some of the pickets hastily, telephoned to
the headquarters of the Teamsters' Union,
where Michael Casey, the business agent,
and Secretary McLaughlln wer^e in .con
sultation. The two lost no time In re
pairing to the corner of Bush and Bat
tery streets, where the open-air meeting
was being held. Casey mingled with the
recalcitrant teamsters and upbraided
them bitterly for. their conduct. A lively
discussion ensued, in the course of which
the strike leaders were severely criticized
for their conduct of the strike. '
"We've had all we want of you!" shout
ed one man, angrily.
liberally applied to his head and body.
A policeman came In • sight • and the
crowd scattered. At the Harbor Hospital
It was found that Murray had sustained
a serious scalp wound, a split lip, • two
black eyes and numerous bruises of the
body. ' The engagement lasted less than
half a minute. . »
SOME seventy-five members of the
Brotherhood of Teamsters met at
the corner of Bush and Battery
streets 'yesterday afternoon and
Paul Shaul, 60 years of age, four feet
six inches high and weighing a little over
100 pounds, was set upon yesterday and
brutally beaten by five, strikers. Shaul
has been employed for a number of years
by John Rosenfeld's Sons. He has never
belonged to any union, and when the
strike was declared remained with his
employers.
He left his home about 6:45 o'clock yes
terday morning and was attacked as he
alighted from a car at Steuart and How
ard streets. Shaul is an elderly man, un
dersized and frail. His assailants first
knocked him down and -then kicked him
repeatedly. They allowed him to, rise and
walk away a few yards, only to knock
him down again. When they finally got
through with him he got up and was as
sisted to his home. It will be some timo
before he will be able to work again.
Paul Shaul Brutally Beaten and
. , Seriously Hurt.
STRIKERS ATT!A<ZK AGED MAN.
While Casey and Furuseth- were renew
ing their strength at the Palace Hotel
crowds of hard-handed, sunburned toilers
of the sea and wharf were waiting
around the of ¦ the City
Front Federation seeking news of their
cause. It was an anxious crewd. The
feeding of hungry mouths at home is be
coming a greater problem every day. A
headquarters for the relief of suffering
strikers has been ' established on Eddy
street and organized bands of solicitors
are . scouring the city for. the sinews of
war. .
Both Casey and Furuseth denied later
in the day that the luncheon at the Pal
ace Grill was a strike function. Each of
them denied any knowledge of the visits
paid to Michael's office immediately after
luncheon by the man who* lunched with
them. They- even asserted that strike
matters were not discussed while they
were tickling their palates with the dishes
that gourmets feast upon nor yet as they
lingered over black coffee and cigars.
The strike leaders entered the exclusive
atmosphere of the "grill" ripe with the
experience of recent banqueting. Ed Ros
enberg, secretary of the Labor Council,
last Saturday gave a banquet at which
Casey and Furuseth were- honored guests,
and the day following Jefferson D. Pierce,
national organizer, was host at another
banquet where those high in the councils
of the labor world were "among those
present."
The first visit to the Mills building office
was made shortly after 1 o'clock, . imme
diately after the Examiner's business
manager had lunched at the Palace Grill
with Andrew Furuseth, secretary of the
Sailors' Union and chairman of the exec
utive committee of: the City Front Fed
eration, and Michael Casey, president of
the City Front Federation and business
agent of the Brotherhood of Teamsters.
The Examiner representative said he had
come to suggest a conference • on the
strike. £Ie was willing and ready to act
for the strikers and by conference with
him the employers would escape the ne
cessity of direct conference with the strike
leaders. Mr. Michael was greatly aston
ished by the visit and by the suggestion
that the employers would find it more
agreeable to treat with a representative
of the Examiner than with the men who
are the accredited representatives of la
bor. He promptly told his visitor there
was nothing the Examiner could do xo
end the strike except to tell its readers
the plain truth about the strike situation,
inform the strikers that they had lost and
advise them to go to their former eni
ployers and seek work under the old con
ditions.
The Examiner representative returned
before 2 o'clock and renewed his entreaty,
urging that a Blight concession In the
way of recognition of the unions would
bring the strike to an end, and that this
recognition could be extended through
him and no meeting whatever with the
strike leaders need be held. His dismissal
was even more curt than before, and he
lef I in a white heat of rage.
strike, made an attempt yesterday
to negotiate a settlement on the basis of
some slight concession which would en
able it to claim the credit of having won
a victory for the strikers. -The business
manager of that journal called twice
within an hour at the office' of M. F.
Michael, attorney for the. Employers' As
sociation, with a proposition that they en
ter into a conference to see if settlement
might not be reached. He was dismissed
so curtly that he departed the second
time in a towering rage, vowing venge
ance upon the men who had refused to
grant the representative of their traducer
an audience.
THE Examiner, beginning to feel
the weight of responsibility *for the
prolongation of the deplorable con
ditions brought about by the
"I've got to go to work or let my fam
ily starve!" said another.
¦ According to the" story of some who
were present the teamsters, while not in
open rebellion against Casey's authority,
nevertheless resolved among themselves
to return to work without loss of time.
In other words, they were determined to
make a break in the interest first of their
families, already too long neglected, and
secondly in the interest of peace between
•the warring factions.
"We're tired .* of this strike," said a
teamster after the meeting. "While we
are getting poorer for the sake of princi
ple our leaders are eating swell dinners
at leading hotels. . The wishes of the ma
jority, of the Teamsters' Union were not
consulted, by the leaders when the strike
was declared. I have a wife and children
dependent upon me for support, and in the
past few weeks the-grass has been get
ting very short. The time has come for
decisive action on the part of the striking
teamsters, and, I think two-thirds of the
men are more than- anxious to return to
work. Before the end of the week I be-
lieve hundreds of teamsters will have re
turned to their. places."
Business Agent Michael j Casey of the
Brotherhood of Teamsters denied posi
tively last night that any teamsters pro
posed to return to work to-day. He ad
mitted that a meeting of teamsters was
held on Bush street, but the reported
break, he insisted, did not take place.
"I talked to the men," he said, "and
they soon realized that everything was
going along all right. The teamsters
realized that the facts had been distorted
for their benefit and they are now
stancher than ever. Every union team
ster'Stands firm for union principles and
there will be no wavering in the ranks."
On the other hand the draymen are con
fident? that the' end of the Teamsters'
strike is at hand. The first report re
ceived by the Draymen's Association was
that 300 teamsters had resolved to resign
from the brotherhood and return to work
immediately. Investigation showed that
this was erroneous and that the number
will not exceed seventy-five. That these
men will go to work is stated with posi
tiveness by leading draymen.
return, but the shots of neither party
took effect.
Frennett was removed to the Receiving
Hospital, but after his injuries had been
attended to he reported for work.
In order to protect himself and his
charge from a volley of stones which
were being hurled by a couple of strik
ers, Harry West, a special officer, was
forced to use his revolver yesterday after
noon. The driver whom Officer West was
guarding is in the employ of . the Over
land Freight Transfer Company. He was
ariving his truck along Harrison street,
near Third, when two men came out of
an alley and commenced to throw stones
at him and the special officer. The latter
fired two shots at the men, who immedi
ately fled. • . \
Joseph O'Brien, a union teamster, was
attacked at 2 o'clock yesterday morning
at Third and Bryant streets and badly
beaten about the head and face by strik
ers who mistook him for a non-union" la
borer. His nose was fractured and he
received numerous abrasions and contu
sions of the face and head.
Echoes in Courts of the Strike.
. Henry . Mc.Guckin, a striking boiler
maker, appeared before Judge Fritz yes
terday on a charge of grand larceny. He
was accused of robbing Charles Hylbon
of a gold watch and chain on . Third
street on the night of September 6, the
arrest having been made by Policeman
Fraher. The complaining witness did not
appear and the Judge dismissed the case.
The preliminary examination of Otto C.
Colby, a special officer, on the charge of
assault to murder for clubbing James
Lavin, a striking marine fireman,, at the
coal bunkers, -Beale street,'. August. 23,
was commenced before Judge' Conlan yes
terday afternoon. Attorney W. W. Foote
prosecuted and the defendant was repre- 1
sented* by Attorney Joseph Coffey. Lavln
testified that he was clubbed on the bead
and arm by Colby without any cause and
denied that he had . attempted to use a
knife. James Neagle, Michael McGaffeny
and John Dever, strikers, all testified to
having seen -the clubbing, but each in
creased the number of blows. ; • Neagle
and McGaffeny did not see a knife, but
Dever saw on* in the hands of a police
man. As two other witnesses for the
prosecution could not be present the case
•was continued | till next Thursday after
noon, i
The case against "W. A. Bruck, one of
Curtin's special officers, charged with
"exhibiting a deadly weapon in a rude
and threatening 1 manner" on Sunday,
September 1, in a lodging house on Stock
ton street, was dismissed by Judge Con-
Ian yesterday. The Judge held that the
evidence was not sufficient to sustain the
charge. - * .
Chief Swears in More Specials.
Chief Sullivan . last night swore in over
fifty special ' policemen who were ap
pointed last Tuesday by the Commission
ers. They were instructed as to their
duties and told not to use.their revolvers
unless violence was offered them or the
men whom they, are protecting. "
Professor Lyser Asserts
Miss McKinney Is
Quarrelsome.
First Break in the Ranks of the Strikers Expected to Occur To-Day, but Decided
Stand Taken by Union at Meeting Last Night May Deter Members
From Immediate Application to Their Former Employers for Work
SAYS TEAGHEH
LACKS ABILITY
The statement in certain quarters that
many of the recent assaults ! upon and
robbery of non-union men were commit
ted by union teamsters was indignantly
denied by a speaker. It was decided to
request the newspapers to publish an of
ficial denial of the damaging report.
It ¦was reported by Secretary McLaugh
lin that the International Brotherhood
had sent its assurance that ample funds
would be provided in- aid of the team-
Bters in their fight for a period of six
months if necessary. The transaction of
routine business, followed by a smoker,
during which song and oratory was in
dulged in, completed the session. .
Resolutions of Confidence.
Resolved, That we are In this struggle only
for the highest motives, the welfare of the
worklneman, the good of the city and prog
ress of the State, and that come rain, come
shine, coma weal, come woe. we will stick to
our flat to the ! last till » we win peace . with
honor. . • -
Resolved/ That we ealute our brethren- of
the other labor unions .who are fighting our
fierht and giving us aid and comfort.
Resolved, That we remain true to the very
end. realizing: that this is a struggle for life
or death, and that to be beaten now means
unsufferable labor conditions forever after.
Resolved, That we have every confidence In
our* leaders who are making our flsrht for us,
with euch- intelligence, energy, loyalty and
success. '
Resolved, That we stand together as loyal
men, as faithful brothers, shoulder to shoulder,
presenting an united front to those that op
pose it.
Resolved, That we uphold our own union,
the Brotherhood ¦ of Teamsters, against all at
tack from any source whatsoever.
Resolved, That we stand by the principle of
labor unionism to the last, making every sac
rifice for that great principle.
Resolved, By the Brotherhood of Teamsters,
In regular weekly meeting assembled, that we
declare that in the present conflict the labor
unions have right on their side and deserve
the support of all fair-minded citizens.
Whereas, the destruction of labor unions
would mean that we would be thrown as help
less units at the mercy of wealth, and
Whereas, our own union has during , its ex
istence bettered our condition, improved our
prospects and secured our rights, and
Whereae, the dissolution of our union would
mean a return to the old condition of unlimited
hours, poor wages and worse treatment, and
Whereas, it Is our duty to stand for our
rigrhts and to help one another, to be true to
our union and loyal to our leaders, therefore
be it /
Whereas, labor unions in good and efficient
condition are absolutely necessary in the pres
ent state of affairs to Insure Just treatment
to the laborer, and - .
Whereas, as Jn pursuance of this end the
Employers' Association has compelled the
draymen to break their contract with the
Brotherhood of Teamsters, and
Whereas, the present lockout has happened
in consequence of such breach of contract
under the intimidation of the Employers' As
sociation* and
Whereas, there exists in the city of San
Francisco a contest between the labor unions
on the one side and a secret society known as
the Employers' Association on the other, and
Whereas, the Employers' , Association has for
its object the destruction of all labor unions,
and
The report that some fifty teamsters
had resolved during the day to return to
work wa» brought up and denied by
Michael Casey and Andrew Furuseth,
both of whom addressed the meeting at
some length. When the enthusiasm of
a majority of those present was at its
height a motion was made and carried to
appoint a committee of three to draft res
olutions expressing the confidence of the
brotherhood in the strike leaders and call
ing upon loyal members to remain true
to union principles. The committee on
being appointed retired and in due time
presented the following resolutions, which
were adopted amid deafening clamor:
The sentiment was vehemently express
ed that no member of the Draymen's As
sociation should be allowed the privilege
cf the floor under any pretext whatsoever,
and Mr. Jacobs' request to be allowed to
speak was accordingly denied. Later Mr.
Jacobs was informed that the executive
committee would not meet, whereupon he
departed in no amiable frame of mind.
M"o Hearing 1 for Draymen.
During the progress of the meeting it
developed that Nathan Jacobs, vice presi
dent of the Draymen's Association, was
desirous of addressing the brotherhood or
executive committee with the avowed pur
pose of making a proposition calculated,
if accepted, to restore peace and harmony
and virtually end the strike.
According to the report of the commit
tee, which was received with vociferous
manifestations of approval, the petition
was destroyed during the afternoon by
the signers, who, realizing that its recep
tion would precipitate a storm that must
surely engulf it, preferred to wait for
a more propitious occasion. The incident
excited considerable debate, which, ac
cording to report, was not entirely one
sided.
The disposition of a percentage of the
membership of the brotherhood to return
to work was manifested by the presenta
tion oi" a petition to the grievance com
mittee, signed by eight men, to be allowed
to drive teams. In the case of Teamster
McN'amara, who ran over a child a feu
days ago and who was obliged to appear
in court, a permit was granted to a sub
stitute union teamster to drive. This ac
tion was made the basis for the prepara
tion and presentation of a, petition for
similar privileges, and it was filed with
the proper committee witn a view to as
certaining the sentiment of that body in
the premises.
p>yi«q HE meeting of the Brotherhood of
H Teamsters held at Turk-stre-H
1 1 Temple last night was one of the
1L most exciting in the history of that
organization. More than 200 team
sters were in attendance.
... Numerous caucuses of teamsters were held at street corners in the wholesale district yesterday afternoon and many of the strikers agreed to go back to work regard
less of the dictum of the Brotherhood. Some of them say the break in the ranks will occur this morning, and that probably, a hundred of them will apply this morning to their for
mer employers for .work. The union took a strong stand in favor of holding out, and the discontented ones may be deterred for the present from the contemplated break, but lead
ing draymen say they will have many union teamsters at work not later than Monday. •" - ' ¦
DISSATISFIED UNION TEAMSTERS CAUCUS ON STREET CORNERS IN WHOSALE
DISTRICT AND MANY PLEDGE THEMSELVES TO RETURN TO WORK THIS MORNING
THE SAST FK AON CISCO CAJ^L, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 13, -1901.
Blanche Rapp*was given a divorce from
George P. Bapp on the ground of cruelty
by Judge Kerrigan yesterday and granted!
permission to resume her maiden name.
Henrietta Ward wa3 freed from P. B.
Ward by Judge Hunt on the ground ofi
willful desertion, and Robert E. L. Rol
lins, who claimed that his wife treated
him with extreme cruelty, was given a
divorce from Mary- T. Rollins. Jennia
Bredfleld wants a divorce from A. C
Bredneld-on the ground of cruelty. Sha
filed her suit yesterday.
Cowboy Detective in Trouble.
"John Doe" Simon, known as the "cow
boy detective," is wanted on a. charge of
defrauding Michael Hlg-gins, a hackman.
Higgins having sworn to a" warrant in
Judge Cabaniss' court yesterday for hia
arrest. Higgins says that Simon hired his
hack yesterday morning. He was accom
panied by two ladies. After driving
around the city for some hours they
stopped at a saloon near Third and Mar
ket streets and disappeared. ' Simon made
a record some years ago while employed
by the Government to search for smug
gled opium in Chinatown. . •
Meantime Whitworth had negotiated tho
note in a local bank, procuring its face
value less a small discount, and departed
for San Francisco. As soon as the com
pany's local agent ascertained the cir
cumstances of the transaction he commu
nicated through Chief Sullivan with tho
San Francisco authorities. A warrant ¦will
to-day be sworn out in the Justice Court
and an officer flispatched to San Francis
co with extradition papers for the return
of Whitworth.
About two months ago "Whitworth, who.
so Sherwood Gillespie, the local agent of
the Mutual Life, saya, was a general-in
surance broker, but not an authorized
agent, obtained the application of T. D.
Hinckley, a Seattle pioneer, for life Insur
ance in the sum of $75,000. .The applicant
gave bis note for the amount of the pre
mium, and the application, together with
the physician's examination certificate,
was forwarded to the home office In New
Tork. In due course of time the applica
tion was rejected as a. risk which the
company did not care to assume.
SEATTLE, Sept. 12.— Lawrence Whit-"
worth is wanted in this city for the em
bezzlement of between $3600 and $4000, ob
tained by converting Into cash j a note
which he had taken In payment for a life
insurance premium. He failed to return
the amount to the signer of the note when
the latter was rejected by the Mutual Life
Insurance Company, to whom the applica
tion was made.
Whitworth will be detained pending the
arrival of an officer from Seattle to take
him back. When searched he had $210 in
his pockets. He Was a member of the
police force here for some years and re
signed on March 1," 1884, while a charge of
being off his beat was pending against
him.
9
Matrimonial Ties Severed.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
A Delicious Combination,
MALT AND WHEAT.
Malt Breakfast Food
The Best of Cereals.
Malt Breakfast Food, that delicions
combination of health-giving malt and
6trengtb-yleldlng wheat, has captured
tens of thousands who never found satis-
faction In the ordinary breakfast foods
now on the market. Malt Breakfast Food
once used' becomes a regular morning
friend of old and young. One trial will
convince. ' Grocers everywhere sell It. , . ¦ 1
> visit DR. JORDAN'S great
j MUSEUM OF ANATOMY
B CX 10SlMA£IKET.t«t;&h*7ti.S.r.CaL
\ Or The Largest Anatomical Mun-irm in flw
A '¦ *Tm^~ World. WealaetKf or *njr contracted
v MU&9& «je»»e |H>i>m»«-Iye»re4 hy the oldest
A pSi Pfl Specialist on the Coast Est 36 year*.
4 &%2*l DR - JORDAN-DISEASES OF KEN
f B ff % 0 fontm Curt in erery cue undertaken.
iRil nfll Write for Boric r«II-»««rBT«r
f * II II^ MAnniAtiE. MAILED FREE. ( A
in )l. valuable book for mrn)
t FAVORITE
SCEfFFION
R WEAK WO MEW, b
ADVERTISEMENTS. • ¦
¦ ' * I _-— -A "*j* 'L^i I *n i^ '^i 1 a
- *^S t^^ i /
I I "' ¦ A. If" ¦**#|^I ill HC I i>
Ililllllliip for Golds.
Aim . / .* I11 . -, _ ,.,-;_.-.,_.,,. Cold In th© head makes you"
I CURES HIS COLD INSTANTLY. snuffle-makes your -head ache.
I ¦ ' _ ¦ j your eyes water. Your throat Is
l __ _ _ • , _ '¦ __ parched; you feel out of humor
How a San Franciscan Keeps Prom yourself and every one
¦ Having Colds. else. You're cross and irritable—
\ . '" . speak sharply and say things
! with sore throat, neuralgl* etc. cannot help It.
;' "While it is the best climate „ in the world. JiUt you can.
¦ year In and year out, it is.no doubt, somewhat . Tou can stop your COld_ In a
• deceiving. The mornings will* be bright, bean- Jiffy. Go to the nearest druggist
tlful and calm, and men and women will come and get a bottle of Dr. Halpru-
• downtown? in light clothing. -The fogs will ' ner's Pain Remover; pour a few
. come up in the afternoon, and the- winds will drops on your hands and hold
I come over the hills and the folks -who are them under your nostrils, inhal-
| dressed in light clothing will take cold, neu- ing the vapor. Do this for. a
ralgia and outlines la grippe. few minutes and the relief is in-
The following letter from Mr. F. T. B. Mann stantaneous. Keep it Up *and
explains how he breaks up a. cold as soon as you w m be cured,^
he feels the first symptoms: • It is also advisable to take a.
,< 'In the interest- of those who are sufteriag tahlpqnonnful nf the m(«didn« In
J from colds, neuralgia, la grippe I want to 8 ;iy * v\l£ of milk nr wite^ m«t
. that I have used Dr. Halpruner-s Wonderful Z n ?}?ll «2f~Tl
I Pain Remover with most excellent results. "S 0 / 80 ?. 0^ nI -
• "I went to New York In October* MOO. and All druggists sell I>r. Halpm-
> while there caught a severe ¦ attack, of la ner's Pain Remover— 50c ana
; grippe. After Buffering for several weeks I re- JLOO a bottle. Don't let ¦ them
; turned to . California, , believing the change of talk you out of buying it— it is
¦ climate would cure me. It was a hard trip out really a wonderful medicine that
1 In the train and I suffered more than ever and vri\\ cure your cold instantly:
I arrived in San Francisco a very sick man. I anrt what's the use of waitinz
purchased a bottle of Halprufier-s Wonderful an 5 !!.ff P riiie If von can be
. Pain Remover and inhaled the vapor of the Demand thp ?en '
. medicine, and also took - it internally • mixed 2ured at once? Demand the gen-
with milk, and began to improve at once, and Uine. ;
> within a few- days was entirely cured. •¦"¦-. ¦•¦-.• ' ?
: - "Since that time we .keep this wonderful " 3"YP\ \Y\1P\ I1T%»^1*C
. medicine in our house, for it is a splendid fain- Jg Ivl I »J I VI I Iv 1 . & '
¦ ily remedy, and use it for most anything. 'I ', • ¦ , ¦¦¦¦-¦ •
; would not be without a bottle of Halpruner'i ]•. •*.; . ,. „ ,
1 Pain Remover. •• •'- . If your druggist won't iret it for
• ."August 22 1901. - - F. T. B. MANN, : ..-you send to Halpruner's Med. Mfg.
I ¦-.'¦. "1733, Oak street, San Francisco. Cal." Co.,' 23 -California, street. . r
> . All druggists sell Halpruner's Pain Remover, L^__l— l^ ¦
; or send direct to Halpruner's Med. Mfg. Co., 23 »J J 1 "!'.' ' ' l>g ?? sg^| ' '"¦¦i*^^i«^S
- Caurornia street. - .;...;,;. • ' ' : ¦• - ... ....¦;Nrd) York Money Market.
'™b°y? 01 i; Sept ".-Anaconda, $%; Atchison,
78%; Canadian Pacific, 114% ex-dividend; Den-
J? p .'if Jld Rio Grande, 47%; do preferred, ' 96% ;
Northern Pacific, preferred,- 100; Southern Pa
?iw c> t 5 , 8^ : J Unlon Pacific. 101%; do preferred,
90%;^Unlted States Steel, 46; do preferred.
?!:« . ar SIlv er, steady, 27d per ounce. Money.
1%@1% per cent.
NEW YORK, Sept. 12.-The Commercial Ad
vertiser's financial cablegram:
The stock market to-day was firm on rumors
that Botha had resigned, or would resign his
command, t. African mines in particular were
buoyant. American shares were exceptionally
idle and hung around parities until the after
noon, when New York purchases of Erie.
United States Steel. Chicago. Milwaukee & St.
raul, Atchison and . Union Pacific caused a
sharp spurt. The close was about half a point
under the best. Money rates show practically
no change. The Bank of England has raised
the selling price of -eagles. •
Paris cheque is $25 21%.
CLOSING.
London Market.
L 8 * 5 " & Coke.. -6-. Utah Mining 2S
g £ Colony 208-Winona ...f. 3'A
Old Dominion .... 33 ' Wolverine 67
xiuDDer ............ 19
September, 1901. -
~B. M. T. W. T. F. si Moon's Phases.
TTTTTTTf s ep t«mb«r $.
Last Quarter.
_L_!.i^JLiLi!-ii ® September U.
15 1» 17 18 19 20 21 ™ New Ifoon.
Th. September 20,"
H. — — — — — — First Quarter 
29~ ~S0~ f^\ September 27.
¦ -: 1 W Full Moa^
New York Grain and Produce.
STOCK MARKET.
THE COAST RECORD.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Chicago Grain Market.
Foreign Futures:
Pinks are ¦ lower, with a sale of 1500 sks' at
$2 30. ; Blackeye . are i firmer on -the ; spot, being
scarce. There : are no Limas ' here.'- • Otherwise
there is nothing new." ¦'--¦¦ ¦ ....¦:
BBANS-Bayos,.?2 85@3; Small White, $4 85©
Beans: and Seeds.
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
' : Board—
143 Four .'.....- 40
200 Giant ...: :.. ....;. 28
3600 Independence "..- 10
1300 Junction- .- 23
200 Occidental of West Virginia 43
100 Peerless .:..' '. X 525
ICO Reed Crude'.... :'.;....... 34
300-Reed Crude .:.... ...". 23
37 Sterling/.... 1 33
100 Sterling 1 32%
•;.. 50 .Twenty -eight ....'. ; 1 a»
... -Afternoon Session.
. . Board— '
10O California-Standard 23
600 California-Standard .....'.;...... 23
500 Independence 1...J*!.. V.I..... ....":.:.: . \\
600 Monarch of Arizona..... ......' 23
50 Occidental of West Virginia.... 43
100 Occidental of West Virginia.:........! 47
1Q0 Occidental of West Virginia 48
..WOOL— Spring, '••• 1900 or 1901— Southern, de
fective, - 7 months. • 7@8c : Oregon Valley fine.
HIDES' AND. SKINS-rCuIls and brands sell
about l%c' .under . quotations. ' Hea^T . salted
Steers, -,10%c; • medium, ¦'. 9%c;' light," : 9c; Cow
Hides. . 9c for. heavy and 9c for light ; Stag's,
6%c; Salted Kip; 9%c; Salted Veal.* 10c; Salted
Calf ' 10c; Dry Hides. 16@16%c; Culls,- 14c; Dry
Kip,-16c; Dry Calf,- 18c; Culls and Brands, 15c;
Sheepskins.-- shearlings,' 1 ' 15@30c each;- short
Wool 30@50c * each; •¦ medium, • : 50@75c;- long
Wool, ¦ 80c@$l ¦' each ; • Horse ' Hides, salt, - $2 60®
2 75 for large and $2'S2 35 - for medium, $1 503
1 75 ' for small and ; 50c ¦ for. Colts ; Horse Hides,
dry,;$l 75 for large, $1 25@1 60 for medium, $1 25
for small and 50c « for. Colts. : . Deerskins—Sum
mer or red ¦. skins, 35c;. fall or. medium skins,
30c: winter' or' thin . skins. . 20c. ; Goatskins-
Prime Angoras, 75c; large - and smooth, 60c;
medium, :35c. ¦•',..:...¦ -. «•'• -¦ ' /
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4%@454c per ' lb;
No. 2,' 3%@4c; grease. 2%®3c.
Hides, [ Tallow,' Wool and Hops.
There was . no change In anything yesterday.
Hay ' was . steady and -Feedstuff s firm.'
: BRAN— $20 50@21 60 per ton.
- MIDDLINGS-$22@23 per ton.' • ; '
' FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley, $16017 60 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, $25@26; jobbing,
$26 50: Cocoanut Cake, ; $17018 : Corn Meal. $33 50
@34 50; Cracked Corn, .'$34@35; Mixed Feed,
$1850@1950.. 1. ,< '. r •:.... .' .:.
HAY — Wheat,, $7@9 50; choice, . $10@10 60:
Wheat and Oat.- $6 50@9; Oat. $6@8 50; Barley
and Oat, $6@8; Alfalfa. $8 50@10 50; Clover, $5 50
@7; Volunteer, $4 50@5 60. . . -
..STRAW— 25@42%c per bale.- ¦v . O -
Hay and Feedstuff s:
' ST. JOSEPH. Sept. 12.- CATTLE^-Recelpts,'- r
2200. Steady to ; strong.. 'Texans; $2 75@5 70;
cows and ' heifers. ' $1@4 85; bulls and stags, $2®
4 50; stockers and feeders,- $2@3 85; veals,':$2"50@
5 60.- "¦¦¦•¦ '.--•„• ... ."¦•. -..,.¦¦:. .
* HOGS— Receipts, ; 3800. Market strong to 5c
ST. 'JOSEPH,
CHICAGO, Sept. 12.— CATTLE— Receipts, "-10,
383, including 783 Texans and / 1300 Westerns.
Strictly choice steady, ' all others 10@15c lower.
Good to prime steers, $6 10@6 40;; poor -to me
dium, $4@5 75 ; .' stockers and feeders, $2 75@4 25;
cows and. heifers, $2@4 75; canners, $1 5O@2 40;
bulls, $2 25ffJ4 75; calves, : $3@6; 'Texas . steers
$3@4 50;. Western steers, $.1 75@5 25. ¦ ¦ r
HOGS— Receipts to-day, 24,000; • to/morrow,
21,000; left over, 4000. Mostly 5c lower. Mixed
and butchers, $6 10@6 70; good to choice' heavy.
*6 60@6 90; rough heavy, $6@6 40; light, $6 10®
6 60; bulk of sales. $6 30® 6 50. •
SHEEP— Receipts. 10,000. . Active, strong- to
10c higher. Good to choice wethers,, $3 75@4 25;
fair to choice mlxed,'^$3 50fi?3 80; Western sheep,'
$3 25@3 90; native ; lambs, $3<®5; 'Western lambs
$4@5. • ' ' .'- ;¦ : ". , . ,.--.-.¦.-';
CHICAGO.
Eastern Livestock Market.
Wheat— . . ¦. Sept. '¦ Jan. -Apr.
Opening ........................". 21 15 - 22 C5
Closing 21 05 ' 22 40
Flour— ¦ '. . . ", ¦ • ¦ '
Opening 27 25 28 60 "
Closing ..; 27 20 28 50
LIVERPOOL.
.Wheat— : . -Sept. Dec.
Opening. .'...... 5 6 . 5 l\
Closing 5 6 5 7%
PARIS. '
FLOUR-^allfornla Family. Extras, $3 25©
8 50, usual'' terms; Bakers' 1 Extras, $3 15@3 25;
Oregon, $2 50@2 75 per : barrel for family, and
$2 75@3 for bakers' ; Washington bakers', \ $2 75
@3." ' ¦ : -¦:.-•-¦" • .- ."..¦.•.. ¦ .-
MILLSTUFFS— Prices , in sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75; Rye
Meal, $2 50; Rice Flour, .$7; Corn Meal. $3 25;
extra cream do,. $4; Oat Groats, $5; Hominy, $4
@4 25; Buckwheat .'Flour, $4@4 25; - ": Cracked
Wheat, $3 50 1 ; Farina, $4 60; Whole Wheat Flour.
$3 25; ' Rolled ; Oats < (barrels), $6 85@8 85; - In
sacks, $6 50@8; Pearl Barley, $5; Split Peas. $5;
Green Paas, $6 50. per '100 lbs.: . I ¦¦ . . •
Flour 'and Millstuffs.
. There Is no further advance here, but there
may be, as the Western markets are very firm
and "Chicago advanced i again yesterday. I Pack
ing and receipts of Hogs at Western points are
both lighter than last year. . . -. -. - -. •
CURED MEATS— Bacon, 12c per lb for
heavy, 12%c for light medium, 13%c for light,
14%c for extra light and 16c for sugar-cured;
Eastern sugar-cured Hams,M4@14%c; California
Hams 13%c; Mess Beef, $11 per barrel; extra
Mess $12; Family. $12 50; prime Mess Pork,
$15; extra clear. $23; Mess, $19;: Smoked Beef,
14c per pound.' • ' -• • "
LARD— Tierces quoted ' at 7%@Sc per lb for
compound and ll%c for pure; half-barrels, pure,
ll%c; 10-lb tins, 12c; 5-lb tins. 12%c. ' -
• COTTOLENE— One'.: half-barrel, 9%c: three
half-barrels. 9%c; one tierce, 9%c; two tierces,
9c; five tierces, 8%c per lb.'-.
Provisions.
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was steady; creameries, 14<3>20c;" dair
ies, 13@17c. Cheese, steady, 9%@10%c. Eggs,
firm; fresh, 15%c .- . . . -. . •
Articles — Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels ........22,000. • ' 24,00<>
Wheat, bushels 355,000 206.0C0
Corn, bushels 231,000 ' 237,000
Oats, bushels 195,000 291,000
Rye, bushels 5,000 ' ' 3,000
Barley, bushels ;....... r.106.000; • 43,000
Cash quotations were • as follows: Flour,
easier; No. 3 spring - wheat, 66%<g-67>4c ; No. ¦ 2
red, 70@70%c; No. 2 oats, 34%c; No. 2 white,
36%@37%c; No. 3 white, 36%@36%c; No. 2 rye,
B5@55%c; fair to choice malting barley, 55@59c;
No. 1 fiaxseed, $1 48; No. i Northwestern.-' $1 50;
mess pork,, per barrel, • $14 75@14 SO; lard, per
100 pounds, $9 35; short ribs sides (loose), $8 55
@S70;.dry salted shoulders (boxed), '7%@7%c;
short clear sides (boxed), $9 25@9 30; whisky,
basis of high wines, ; $1 30. ... • \
NEW TOKK STOCK. LIST.
Stock—" Sales High' Low Close
Atchison 2L400 76% 75 75%
Atchison prefd .......... L200 96ft 98 96
Their most plausible argument was that at
the time the St. Paul authorities rejected the
offer from Northern Pacific, which was after
ward accepted by Burlington, assurances were
riven to stockholders that they would fare as
well as thouch the offer had been accepted
Republic Steel was weak as an effect 1 of the
poor showing of the annual report and Amal
gamated Copper was conspicuously under pres
sure all day. Sugar was sold ostensibly on
account of the close of the fruit, canning sea
son. Other price movements of any consider
able extent were In stocks of little prominence.
•Railroad bonds were dull and flrmV Total
sales, oar value, $1,295,000. • \ -
United States 2s advanced ¦•%, the old 4iand
Ee % and the new 4s % per cent on the last
loan to-day.
NEW YORK. Sept. 12.— The news from Buf
falo was practically eliminated as an influence
from the stock market to-day for the first time
eince the event of last Friday. The coming
bank statement began to loom big on the
horizon, as to-morrow's preliminary figures of
the week's cash movements will allow some
estimate of what the showing will be. In the
item of loans, however, the statement itself
on Saturday will have' to be awaited. Appar
ently there can be no escape -from a weak
statement on both scores. The banks have
loot cash on the interior movement during the'
¦week, but the drain to the sub-treasury has
been sensibly diminished. Large payments
have been made to the banks on account of
the Australian and Klondike gold and the di
version of internal revenue receipts Into bank
deposits is apparently beginning to affect the
account with the Government institutions. • The
increase in Government ceposlts from this
source is to be distributed ultimately among
banks throughout the country that have bonds
with . the Treasury to secure them. But the
bulk, of the payments to the Government are
made In New York and consequently they will
be deposited temporarily in New York banks
having what are called "live accounts" with
the Government and so may. affect the show
ing of the banks this week. The acceptances
by the Secretary of the Treasury of tenders of
Government bonds, were not known until after
the marltet. closed to-day and the payments for
these bonds are too late to figure in this week's
bank statement anyhow Yesterday's 'feeling
of '.skepticism of the efficacy ©f this measure
to give relief to the money market as would
benefit speculation in stocks was deepened to
day and the additional sharp ris« in the "bid
prices of Government bonds on call Increased
the doubt as to tenders being made at prices
which the Secretary • would be inclined to ac
cept in any large amount. The expressed un
willingness of the Secretary to offer any con
eiderable bonus to owners of bonds to induce
them to sell influenced thl6 feeling, which was
a considvable factor in the heaviness and un
certainty which pervaded the market all day
The St- Paul dividend 'episode was disconcert
ing to a part of the speculators who had made
very confident predictions of an Increase in the
dividend and had bought stocks on the etreneth
of tfcelr belief. sul
New York Stock Market!
EASTERN MARKETS.
Articles— Open. High. Low. ! Close.
Wheat *No. 2—
September 67% 65^ 67% ' 68%
December ' ¦ 70>,i 70% 70% , 70%
May '73% 74% • 73% • 74^
Corn No. 2 —
September'. 65% 55%, 64% 55ii
December 67& 57% 56% 57%
May .-'. 59 - 59%, .68% 59%
Oats No. - 2— •
September '. - 33% 33% 33% 33%
December 35% 35% 35 35%
May 37% 37% 37% 37%
Mess pork, per barrel— .
September 1 .14 70 14 70 14 65 14 65
October 14 67% 14 77% 14 67% 14 75
January ' 15 70 15 80 15 70 15 80 '
Lard, per 100 pounds-
September .......;. 9 45 9 45 9 45 9 45
October .' 9 37% 9 47% 9 35 9 45
January 9 12% 9 20 9 10 . 9 17%
Short ribs, per 100 pounds — • . "
September .8 55 8 60 8 52% 8 60
October 8 62% 8 67% 8 60 8 67%
January. ;.. 8 07% 8 15 8 07% 8 15
. . - CALL BOARD ; SALES. .
Infoimal Session— 9:15 o'clock— No sales. '
Second Session — No : sales. * • . • ¦
'Regular Morning Session — No sales.-
Afternoon Session— No sales. --. ¦
OATS— The Government has already taken
1000 tons for the army and is in the market
for 4000. tons more,' which, gives the market
a firm. tone. No further talk of weakness is
heard, and sellers' are no longer giving con
cessions to' effect sales.
Grays. $1 15@1 22%; whites. $1 15@1 30;' black.
97%c@$l 05, and' red. $1 05@l 17% per ctl. i>
CORN— Chicago was firm and advancing, on
predicted : frosts in the • Northwest. -A few
points reported ¦ frosts yesterday, . following
heavy and general rains. _ Subsequently r the
market weakened under renewed liquidation.
There, was no change in this market. .1 There
have been no receipts from the West for some
time and the market Is about bare of stock.
Small round Yellow,; $1 75; Eastern Yellow
$1 65; White, ?1 75@1 80 per ctl; mixed, $1 65.
RYE— 75@80c per ctl. ' ' . . ¦
BUCKWHEAT— Nominal; none in first hands.
Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock — December —
10,000 Ctls,- fl.' - - • -• - : !__ :
Second Session— No sales. t\
Regular Morning Session— No sales.
Afternoon. Session — December — 4000 ctls.
$100%.- - : , ¦ - - .-
BARLEY— Spot (teed Is firm and in light sup
ply, offerings being remarkably small. . Deal
ers are complaining, of the scarcity of J cars,
saying that otherwise there' would be a good
export demand in the . interior. After the
6trikj Is over and things get well running again
an active market is looked for. 1 • ¦-
Feed. 73%@75c for choice bright, 72%c for No.
1 and 70c for off grades; Brewing and Shipping
grades, 80® 85c; Chevalier, 95c@$l 05 per ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, 96»4c; milling, $1©
1 02^4 per ctl. T : , '
This market continued dull and unchanged,
" WHEAT— The foreign markets continued
weak. . Chicago showed strength all day and
rose slightly. Broomhall cabled that there was
eome agitation in France over the temporary
suspension of the import' duty. ' There were
numerous buying, orders .around 70%@70*4c.
Minneapolis millers reported an improved de
mand . for flour for both foreign and domestic
account, with' liberal sales. ¦ . .. • - -
Wheat and Other Grains.
>- "Cables received by the leading ! dealers on
the street indicate that foreign trade is fairly
well supplied with .old stock, and^ little interest
is shown in the new article. It is predicted
that growers holding their goods for any such
prices as mentioned -in- this dispatch will be
woefully disappointed." -- , ..
FRUITS— Apricots, 7%<g9%c for Royals and.
S@12%c for standard to fancy Moorparks;
Evaporated Apples, ,7%@S%c: sun dried, 4@4%c:
Peaches. 6@8c: Pears, 60)9c: Plums, pitted, 4®
5%c; unpltted, l@2c: Nectarines. 6@6%c for
red and 6@6%e for white; Figs. 3V4c for black.
PRUNES— Old crop are quoted by the Asso
ciation on the basis of 3%c for the four sizes.
New crop- are quoted. on the basis of 3V4g-3%c
for the four sizes. ¦ . .7
¦RAISINS— Are cleaned up and nominal." . ¦
NUTS— Walnuts, . No. 1 softshell, 12@12%e:
No. 2, S@S%c; No. 1 hardshell. 10@10Hc: No. 2.
6%@7%c;- Almonds, '.13@14c f or , papershell 109
lie- for softshell and 5@6c for hardshell; Pea
nuts, 5@7c for Eastern; Brazil Nuts, 12@12 1 / 4c;
Filberts, 12@12%c; Pecans, ll@13c; Cocoanuts,
$3 50@5: ¦ ¦ .v . • .. •, . . .-.
HONEY— Comb, 12@12%c for bright and .100
12c for light amber: water white " extracted, 6%
@6c; light amber extracted. 4%@oc; . dark. . 4@
4Kc : ¦ " .. . -. ¦ -.- -"¦;.,¦ . . .-. . ; • .
BEESWAX-25@2Sc per lb. .
"To show the fallacy of the prices named,
we "would state " that California 40-50s in' 20-lb
boxes are offered freely by exporters at a
price of 5%c f. o. b. . California, for the finest
Santa Clara • stock, which, Including cost of
freight and Insurance, would ' make the de
livered price at Bordeaux less than. 7c. against
the published price of 11 l-7c in • the report re
ferred to. Smaller sizes are offered at a re
duction of %c- above the list, andMf the prices
of the French product were as stated in the
cable, there' would be- an enormous demand,
not only from Bordeaux but from Germany
and Europe as well, while, as a matter of fact,
the competition of the French, Bosnian J and
Servian crops is- so keen that comparatively
small business is being done in the California
article in the markets .mentioned.; ;
There have recently been large purchases of
Dried Grapes at Fresno at 3%c per lb in the
sweatbox," equivalent to $13 per ton for the
raw fruit. The demand arises from the failure
of the. blackberry crop in the Southern States.
The fruit market is rather quieter, as the
first, rush to buy is over, but there is a good,
Btcady demand, nevertheless.
A , leading; local house,- upon , being ques
tioned regarding' the consular report from Bor
deaux that Prunes were selling there at from
11 l-7c for 45-50s up to 16c for 33-35s, said: "The
Bordeaux consular report dated September 10
on I Prunes is very misleading and may work
hardship on the growers in this State by cre
ating a false impression as to the conditions
existing.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
An area of low pressure overlies British
Columbia and has caused cloudy weather and
rain over Washington. Oregon Northern Idaho
and Western Montana. The pressure has risen
rapidly along the coast from Cape Mendocino
to the mouth of the Columbia River and has
fallen ever the Rocky Mountain region.
The temperature has fallen over Washington
and remained nearly stationary in other dis
tricts west of the Rocky Mountains. In the in
terior of California the temperatures are about
normal.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight. September 13:
Northern California— Fair Friday; light
northwest wind. .
Southern California— Fair Friday; light west
¦K-ind.
Nevada— Fair; cooler Friday; fresh northwest
•wlnfi.
Ean Francisco and vicinity— Fair Friday;
•warmer; fresh northwest wind. ¦
G. H. WILL60N.
Local Forecast Official, Temporarily in Charge.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
, FORECAST.
CHICAGO, Sept. 12.— December wheat opened
rather steady at 70%c, ' %c under yesterday's
close, on lower cables, large receipts, moderate
clearances and indifferent cash demand, and
closed %c higher at 70%c.
Corn had something of a nervous, active mar
ket, which opened higher on fear of frost in the
Northwest. December ' closed at 57%@57%c.
Oats had a dull and featureless market, in
clined to follow corn, but fluctuating only nar
rowly, December closing at 35%c. - ; .
Then* was a moderate trade in provisions,
with a firm undertone demand for cash lard
and ribs, buying by Cudahy being most promi
nent. January pork closed firm at $15 80, lard
closed firm at $9 17% and ribs at $S 12%@8 15. -
The leading- futures ranged as follows:
The China took out a treasure list of $729,560,"
consisting: . of $553,560 in Mexican dollars, $1000
in gold coin and $175,000 in silver bullion.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days...... — $4 84
Sterling Exchange, sight.. ; — 4 86%
Sterling Cables '. — ¦ ' 4 87%
New York Exchange, sight — 10
New York Exchange, telegraphic — ' - . 12%
Silver, per ounce — \^>*ii
Mexican Dollars, nominal 47 Q
Exchange and Bullion.
Morning Session.
V I',- • • Board— ¦ .. . ¦*--<v>,
6 Bank of California .1 406 00
$2,000 Bay Counties Power Co 5s. 106 00
20 Giant Powder Con 74 50
90 Honokaa Sugar Co '12 75
60 Honokaa Sugar Co 1 12 g7u
¦50 -Honokaa Sugar Co.. 12 50
15 Makawcll „ 25 00
$1,000 Oakland Transit Co 6s....... 120 00
Afternoon Session.
¦ Board—
' 15 Alaska Packers' Association 138 50
¦ '"'• 10 Alaska Packers' Association 137 bo
85 Giant Powder Con.....;..... 74 50 "
,15 Hutchinson S P. Co....... .15 3714
10 S "F Gas & Electric Co 42 00
. . 40 S F Gas & Electric Co... 42 23 ;
55 S F Gas & Electric Co .-. 42 50
30 S F Gas & Electric Co 42 75"
15 S F Gas & Electric Co. s 90 42 00
20 S F Gas & Electric Co.. 42 12%
5 Spring Valley Water 88 12%
5 Spring Valley Water 88 25
.. -Street— . • ¦¦- . .
I15.0CO Spring Valley 4s (3d mortgag«)...ioi 25
Alaska Pack...l37%13S% Oceanic S Co.. 44 45
Cal Fruit Can. — 96 'Pac Aux FA. 2 —
Cal Wine Asn. 94 — I Pac C Borax.. 165 —
Mer Ex 110 — IPar Paint 16 —
MISCELLANEOUS,
Giant 74% 75 IVigorlt Z% i
?> SUGAR.
Hana 6 6% Kilauea ....... 11% 12
Hawaiian ..."..— 50 Makaweli'. 25 25%
Honokaa ...... 12 13 Onomea • 24
Hutchinson ... 15U 15% Paauahu ...... 12% 13
POWDER.
BANKS,
" * -"-. THURSDAY, Sept. 12-2 p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
.: . Bid. Ask. • • Bid.Ask.
4s quar coup.. 113^114% 4s qr c (new) .139^141
4s quar reg...H2%113% 3s quar coup.. 108* 4 109^
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bay C P C 5s. 106 107 Oceanic SS 5s. 101^103
Cal-st 5s 118 — Omnibus C 6S.132 —
C C Water 5s. — 108% Pac G Imp 4g. — 100
Ed L & P 6s..l28%133}4 Pk & Cl H 6s.lO9 —
Fer & Cl R 6s. — — Pk & O R 6s.ll7 —
Geary-st 5s — — Powll-st R 6s. — —
H C & S 5%s.lO6% — Sac E G R 5s. 95 —
Do 5s — — S F & SJV 5S.122 124
Los Ang R 5s. 118 . — Sierra' Cal 6s. — —
L A Light 6s. 101% — S P of A «6s
Do gntd 5S..100 — (1902) 112V* —
Do gntd 5s. .102V4 — (1910) 113V4 —
L A & Pas 5s. 102% — S P of Cal 6s
Do 1 c m 5s. — — (1909), Ser A. 109^110
Mkt-st Cab 6s. — 128% (1905), Ser B.110%111
. Do 1 c m 5s. — 123 . (1906) 112H112%
Nev C X G 7s — — . (1912) 121% —
N R of Cal 6s. 112 — 4 S P of Cal list
Do 5s 121^123' c gntd 5s. ...107 —
Nor Pac C ,6s. 101% — S P Br Cal 6a.l36 —
Do 5s ...: — 106% S V Water 68.1UH111%
Nor Cal R 5s.Ul — • Do 4s 102%103%
Oak Gas 5s.... 113^114 Do 4s, 3d ni.101 101%
Do Trans 6s. 119^120% Stktn Gas 6s. .104 —
,'Do Water 5s.lO2% — |
.- ; WATER STOCKS. :
Contra Costa.. 77 • 79 I Port Costa 60 65
Marin County. 53 60 /Spring Valley. 88 83%
GAS AND' ELECTRIC.
Cent L & P... 4 5 Pacific Light.. — 47
Equitable 3% % 3% Sacramento ... — —
Mutual 4Va 5% SFG&E 42 42%
Oakland 51% 52 San Francisco. 4% 4%
Pac Gas Imp.. 40% 41% Stktn G & E.. 8 —
> INSURANCE.
Firem's Fund. — 247 |- " -
. ' - . BANKS.
Anglo-Cal ..... — — L P & A 134 160
California — — Mer Ex (llq).. 16 —
Cal Safe Dep..lC8 — S F National. 127%129
First Natl 306 —
German ......1900 — Sav & Loan... — —
Humboldt .... — — Security .' 275 —
Mutual Sav 52 — Union Trust. .1600 —
San Franclsco.520 —
STREET RAILROADS..
California 130 — |O S L &,H... 40 —
Geary ;. — 60 [Presidio ...... — 35%
Market T7 "— I - . ¦
SAVINGS
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
a 2 g V « "o
I sffig a s *I i
6TATIONS. § fall 3& I? g
| :§:§ gS |- I
• • • • D
Astoria 29.98 62 B2 S Cloudy !l2
Baker 29-92 62.50 NW Pt Cldy .01
Carson 29.84 78 60 W Clear 0
Eureka 30.06 62 56 KE Cloudy .14
Fresno .......29.82 90 58 NW Clear 0
Flagstaff 3O.TK> 72 36 SW .Pt Cldy 0
Tocatello. Idaho... 29. U 66 58 W Cloudy 0
Independence 29.70 86 5S SE Clear 0
Los Angeles 29.80 SO 50 W Clear 0
Phoenix 29.70 % 68 W Clear 0
Portland 30.00 64 52 SW Rain .21
Red Bluff 29.88 88 62 SE Clear . 0
Roseburg 30.02 78 68 NW Rain .01
Sacramento 29.86 £2 68 NW Clear 0
Salt Lake 29.S4 76 56 XW Pt Cldy 0
San Francisco.t.... 29.86 62 54 W Clear T.
San Luis Obispo.. .29.50 83 46 W Clear 0
Fan Diego 29.82 70 £8 NW Cloudy 0
•Seattle 29.9* 58 54 SE Cloudy :%Z
Spokane 29.92 66 50 S Rain .30
NeahBay 29.84 58 62 SW Rain .44
Walla Walla 29.90 70 60 S Cloudy .10
Wlnnemucca, 29.82 74 50 SW Cloudy .04
Tuma 29.68 100 74 S Pt Cldy 0
New York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK. Sept. 12.— The market for Cot
ton closed steady, net 7@10 points lower.
F.oreign Markets.
LONDON. Sept. .12.— Consols, 94; silver, 27d;
French . rentes, - 101 f 85c ; cargoes ' on passage,
heavy and depressed; Walla Walla, 28s 6d;
English Country markets, steady. -
LIVERPOOL, Sept 12.— Wheat, easy; No. 1
Standard* California, '-5s ll^d@6a; - wheat in
Paris, weak;- flour in Parts, weak;' French
country markets, dull ; weather In • England,
overcast. '¦ .- . ' • • ' ' ,
COTTON— Uplands,: 4s U-16d. i .'
The Producers' Oil Exchange has re-elected
the old officers, with William Edwards as
president and Joseph L. Kins 'as chairman.
. The Hutchinson Plantation Company has de
clared a dividend of 12%c per share, payable
on the 20th. / .. . -.
Linda Vista Oil has levied an assessment of
3c, delinquent on the exchange October 5, and
In the office October 10. Sale day, October 28.
In the afternoon Gas and Electric was active
and higher at $42@42 75. and Alaska Packers'
advanced to $137 50. There were no other
changes.
Alaska Packers' was ex-dividend of 75c, or
$36,000, yesterday.
• The Home Oil Company has. declare! a divi
dend of 7V4c. payable on the 20th.
The Kern River Oil assessment -was delin
quent in office yesterday. , .- . . ,
-Business was dull on all the exchanges yes
terday morning? and there were no changes
"worthy of note. . . , •
PORTLAND, Sept. 12.— WHEAT— Weaker.
Walla Walla, 54@55c; valley, 66c; blue stem,
66c. .
Cleared— For Vladivostok and Port Arthur,
steamer Tyr with 30,000 barrels of flour; Brit
ish ship Hilston for Queenstown, with 115.557
bushels of wheat. • • ¦
Foreign wheat • exports from Portland for the
week ending to-day were 443.057 bushels. ; ¦ .
WASHINGTON. .
TACOMA, Sept 12.— WHEAT— Unchanged ;
blue stem, 53V£c; club, 54 \^c.
OREGON.
Northern Wheat Market.
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND, Or., Sept. 12.— Clearings, $436.
924; balances. $S4,86S.
The following maximum and minimum tem
peratures were reported from Eastern stations:
Boston, 74-62; Cincinnati, 86-68; Jacksonville.
88-74; Kansas City, 82-«0; Philadelphia, 74-70;
Washington, 86-6S; New York, 82-60.
The following maximum temperatures were
reported from stations in Calif oijpia to-day:
Eureka, 62; Red Bluff. 88; Sacramento. 82;
Mount Tamalpais. 68; Fresno, 90; San Luis
Oblspo. 8S; Independence, 86; Los Angeles, SO;
San Dieco, 70.
San Francisco data: Maximum, 61; mini
mum, 55; mean, ES.
cmoth Meridian— Pacific Time.)
EAN FRANCISCO. Sent. 12—5 p. m.
Weather Report.
CITRUS FRUITS— Oranges, 50c@*3 ; Lemons,
$1@1 25 for common and 52 50@3 50 for good to
choice; Grape Fruit. $102 50; Mexican Limes,
$3@3 50; Bananas, 75c@$2 per bunch; Pineap
ples, $1 50@3 per dozen.
GRAPES— Large open boxes bring about 50
per cent more than small ' boxes and crates,
which are quoted as follows: Fontainebleau
and Sweet-water,. 40@50c per box and crate;
Tokay, 40@75c per box; Muscat. 50@75c; Seed
less, 75(g > 90c; Black, 50@65c; Isabella. 50c@?l:
Wine Grapes, $25@30 per ton for Zlnfandel and
$23 for white. ¦.,'
FIGS— Black. 40@75c for double layer boxes;
White. 35@50c. \
MELONS— Nutmegs,^ 33@R3c per*teox; Canta
loupes, •¦ 75c@$l' per. crate; Watermelons, $5@25
per 100. . ., . . ¦ : . -
HUCKLEBERRIES— 7(g8c per lb.
PEARS— Bartletts, $1 25@1 50 per box for No.
1. 75c@$l for No. 2; other Pears, 25@65c per box.
QUINCES— 35@60c per box.
STRAWBERRIES— $5@6 per chest for Long
worths and $4@5 for large berries.
BLACKBERKIES-$3@5 per chest. . "" ': . "
LOGANBERRIES. per chest.
RASPBERRIES— $7@8 per chest.
POMEGRANATES— 65c@$l per box.
PEACHES — 35@60c per box and 20@25c per
ton for Frees and $30 for Clings; Peaches In
carriers, 60@85c, according to size of carrier;
Mountain Peaches, 60@75c per box.
NECTARINES— Red, 40@75c per box.
APPLES— 75c@$l 25 per box for good to choice
and 35@65c for ordinary.
CRABAPPLES— 60®75c per box, according to
package.
PLUMS— 25@60c per box; Prunes, 40@60c per
crate. :~
DECIDUOUS FRUITS.
The market Is without especial feature. All
seasonable kinds are in sufficient supply for
the demand, and quotations show little change
from day • to day. Some extra fine white
Cornlchon Grapes are bringing $1 25 per crate.
The tendency In Wine v Grapes continues up
ward. Quinces are in good supply and slow.
There are a good many Cling Peaches lying
around and the same may be said of Plums.
Figs are also inclined to drag and there is
little call -for Pomegranates. . . •
Melons meet with a fair demand at steady
prices. They are not scarce by any means.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits
Flour, qr sks 8,144 Potatoes, sks .... 4,111
Wheat, ctls 2.620 Shorts, sks 50
Barley, ctls 8,555 Broom Corn. Mis 134
Oats, ctls 5,950 Wool, sks 720
Sugar, ctls 3,241 Leather, rolls .... 238
Tallow 305 Raisins, bxs 1,665
Beans, sks 779 Hides, No 710
•Onions, sks 1,605 Pelts, bdls 464
Bran, sks 1,825 Wine, gals 12,700
Middlings, sks... 650 Lime, bbls 324
Hay, tons ........ 590 Powder, car ..... • 1
Straw, tons 5
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks 824 Xll
Receipts of Produce.
FOR THURSDAY, SEPT. U.
DUIED FRUITS.
Trading in the market for evaporated apples
was moderately active. State, common to
good. 5<SSc; pnme, 8U@9%c; fancy, 9%c.
California dried fruits ruled - steady. ¦ ¦
PRUNES— 3%@7c.
APRICOTS— Royal, 8%@13c; Moorpark, 8@12c
PEACHES— Peeled, ll@lSc; unpeeled, 6@9%c'
NEW YORK, Sept. 12.— FLOUR— Receipts,
16,999 barrels; exports, 17, 221 • barrels; sales,
13,750 bags; market was fairly active and stead
ily held.
WHEAT— Receipts, 45,700 bushels; exports,
17,000; sales, 2235 bushels futures;. 200,000 bush
els spot. Spot, steady. No. 2 red, 76%c f. o.
b. afloat; No. 2 red. 74%c elevator; No. 1
Northern Duluth. 76%c f. o. b. afloat; No.
1 hard Duluth, nominal.
Options opened barely steady. They sold off
under disappointing cables, big primary re
ceipts and liquidation, but afterward rallied
on covering, liberal clearances, sympathy with
corn and export buying. Closed firm at V»@%a
net advance, May, 78%@79%c, closed 79%c; Sep
tember, 74%@74%e, closed 74%c; October, 73%
@74%c, closed 74%c; December, 75%@76%c,
closed 76%c.
COFFEE- Spot, steady; No. 7 invoice, 5%c;
mild, quiet. Coffee futures closed with prices
net unchanged to 5 points higher. Total sales
14,570 bags, including: October, 4.80c; Novem
ber, 4.9Cc; December, 5c; January, 5.10c; March
5.30c; May, 5.45c; July, 5.55c- • • ¦-
SUGAR— Raw. steady; fair refining, 3 J ,ic:
centrifugal, 96 test, 3%c; molasses sugar, 3c;
refined, steady.
HOPS— Steady.
HIDES— Steady. . - %
WOOL— Quiet. .
BUTTER— Receipts, 4858 packages; steady.
State dairy, 14@18%c; creamery, 15%@20%c;
June packed, factory, 14@15%c.
EGGS— Receipts, 7977 packages; steady.
State and Pennsylvania, 18@20c; "Western
candled, 17@lSc; Western uncandled, 14@17c.
Double eagles '. J22.649.820 00
Eaplcs - S5. 290. 390 00
Half eagles 15,364,805 00
Quarter eagles 667 30
Standard dollars 15,538,450 OC
Half dollars L863.225 00
Quarter dollars 2.O97.27S 50
IMmes 1,764,978 00
Five cents ... ~ 701.450 65
Cents ~ , 400,02143
Total $95,671,086 OS
"In 1900 97,346,152 S4
The coinage of the different United States
Mints for the first eight months of the year
•was as follows:
Coinage of the Mints.
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS
.Money-' .. ' :; ;« - t Union Land ..:.:... 3
Union Pacific 97% AVest End 96
Call loans 4%@5 Westinghouse Elec 73
Time loans 5@8i Bonds— .
Stocks- Atchison 4s 102
Ateh. Top & S F.. 74% N E Gas & C 5s. .56 •¦
Do prefd 95% Mining shares-
American Sugar.. .129% Adventure ....".. 28
American. Tel 162% Bingham M Co.... 38 '
Boston & Albany.. 256 Amal Copper .. Ill '
Boston Elevated... 170 • Atlantic 37^
Boston & Maine. ..191 - Calumet & Hecla..73O
Dominion- Coal..... 43% Centennial ........ 27%
Do prefd 115 Franklin 19 ,
U B Steel ....43% Humboldt ......... 25
Do prefd .... 93% Osceola no
Fitchburg prefd.. .144 Parrot 5114
General Electric.'. .259* Qulncy .. .."...¦..'.. 7)175
Ed Elec 111. 250 Santa Fe Copper.! 6%
Mexican Central... 34% Tamarack -.;..345
Adams Con 20| Little Chief .... 12
Alice 46 Ontario 11 25
Breece 1 40 Ophir ' ' SO
Brunswick Con.... 07 Pheonix .' OS
Comstock Tunnel.. 06 Potosi ' ' 02
Con Cal & Va 1 85 Savage ./. 02
Deadwood Terra... 60 Sierra Nevada .. 21
Horn Silver 175 Small Hopes ... . SO
Iron Silver 60 Standard 325
Leadvllle Con •" 06/ ¦ « t
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Baltimore & Ohio 1,800 101% 101 101
Baltimore & Ohio prefd 100 93% nY 8 93
Canadian Pacific 1.400 111 lHftfc 118%
Canada Southern 2.800 73% 71% 73
Chesapeake & Ohio 1.300 46% 45% 45%
Chicago & Alton 38%
Chicago & Alton prefd.. 100 78 78 77%
Chicago, Ind & Louis... 8,600 44% 42% 43>4
Chi, Ind & Louis prefd 74
Chi & Eastern Illinois .. 127
Chi & Great Western... 4,500 24% 23% 24
Chi & Gt West A prefd 84
Chi & Gt West B prefd 4S%
Chi &. Northwestern .. 194%
Chi. Rock Island & Pac 500 142*4. 141 140
Chi Term & Trans 1,900 23 22 22U
Chi Term & Trans prefd 1,600 43% 42 41%
C. C. C & St Louis 1,100 97% 96% 96%
Colorado Southern 1,200 14% 14Vi 14
Colorado So 1st prefd... 200 55 " 65 55
Colorado So 2d prefd 300 25V4 . 25»4' 25
Delaware & Hudson ' .. 163%
Del, Lack & West 200 221% 220 221
Denver & Rio Grande... 2,200 46 45 45
Denver & Rio G prefd.. 700 94% 94 94"
Erie 24,400 42% 42 42
Erie 1st prefd 1.300 70% 70% 70%
Erie 2d prefd 1,000 57% 56 56
Great Northern prefd... 700 1S5 1S3% 183%
Hocking Valley 52»4
Hocking Valley prefd 7414
Illinois Central 300 145 144% 144%
Iowa Central 3gi^
Iowa Central prefd 100 72 72 - 72
Lake Erie & West 61
Lake Erie & West prefd .. 123
Louisville & Nashville.. 1,300 103H 102% 102%
Manhattan L 3,500 118V4 116% 117%
Metropolitan Street Ry. 800 164 163% 163%
Mexican Central 3.700 25% 24% 24%
Mexican National 16,400 14% 14% 14%
Minneapolis & St Louis . 106
Missouri Pacific 1,500 103% 102 101%
Missouri. Kans & Texas 100 28% 28% 28%
Miss. Kans & Tex prefd 600 56 55% 55%
New Jersey Central 400 164 162 16*
York Cent ral 100 153 153 152
>.orfo k & Western 1.000 54% 64% 54%
Norfolk & "West prefd 88
Northern Pacific 100 122% 122% 122%
Northern Pacific prefd 95%
p"^ 0 *^'? 816 ," 1 2,200 34% 33% . 33%
r t L & 5t Louis 70s;
St»S? ylVanla 2 - 100 "** "3% 143%
g ead .| n S 2,200 42% 41% 41%
Reading 1st prefd 700 76% 76 75%
St Louis & San Fran.. 600 46M. 4« - ml
St Louis & S F 1st prefd 100 82 if n
St Louis &S F 2d prefd 200 69 68% 68%
St Louis Southwestern. 700 30% "9 30
St Louis SW prefd S.OOO 63% 62% 63%
Sj p*" 1 , ••••;: «1.500 164% 160% 101
»t .Paul prefd ; ion is<i iso ice
Southern Pacific ...i.": ».}$ *g H ™L
Southern Railway 4 000 32% 31% 31%
Texas & Pacific.. 1,500 43 40 42 •
Toledo. St L & West...! . ,0
Toledo, St L & W prefd ..." " " Si
Union Pacific 37 ino qstz 0-1/ o-i/
union Pacujc pfd..:.:::: "-So %* &* &*
SUMS ¦« i II I
Wheeling i L E 2d pfd . t 28
Wisconsin Central 200 22 21% 2U4
WIs Central pfd 100 42% 42$ 4'
Express Companies- "* 4-
Adams ..- 17 , .
American *""* "*"¦• ""*" ix'
United States •'" *."." XT
Wells Fargo ..] ]'/'. •'"
Miscellaneous- 1W
¦Amalgamated Copper... 47,500 111% 111 m
Am Car & Foundry..... 600 29% 29*4 29*4
Am Car & Foundry pfd. 100 S6 86 85%
American Linseed Oil ?5y
Am Linseed OH pfd • ¦'¦"¦ 491J
Am Smelting & Ref 5,500 47% 45% 45%
Am Smelting: & Ref pfd 900 100% • 99 - 99%
American Tobacco 200 136% 136 135%
Anaconda Mlnlntr Co.... 1.900 45% - 45 44?
Brooklyn Rapid Transit 66,000 68% . 66% 67
Colorado Fuel & Iron... ........ 93
Consolidated Gas 2,600.222 '. 220% 220%
Continental Tobacco 67%
Cont Tobacco pfd _ ; """ 1171?
General Electric 600 264" 259% 260
Glucose Sugar 700 57 57 56
Hocking Coal 100 18% 18% 18-
International Paper 700 25 24 24%
Internatl Paper pfd 100 81% Sl>4 80%
International Power 300 96% 96% 96%
Laclede Gas . ..... 85
National Biscuit 700 44 43% 43
National Lead 59%
National Salt 300 41 4l" 40?i
National SaJt pfd 7J5
North American 600 ¦ 97 97" 96
Pacific Coast 64
Pacific Mail 200 42% 42 42 '
People's Gas 1,300 110% 110 . 110%
Pressed Steel Car. 40U
Pressed Steel Car pfd... 100 Sl% 81% 81
Pullman Palace Car 909
Republic Steel -. 12,500 17% 15 "l5%
Republic Steel pfd 10.100 69% 65% 65%
Sugar 6,500 131% 129% 129%
Tenr.esstre Coal & Iron.. 2,900 64% 62% 62%
Union Bag & Paper Co 16%
Union Bag & P Co pfd 73
United States Leather... 1,100 13 12% 12%
U S Leather pfd......... 1,900 82% Sl% 81%
United States Rubber... 300 18% 18% 1S%>
-U S Rubber pfd 300 55% 55% 55.
United States Steel...... 20.200 44% 43%' 43%
United States Steel pfd. 8,800 94& 93% 93%
Western Union 300 92% 92% 92%
. , NEW YORK BONDS.
U S ref 2s reg 108 Hocking Va 4%s...lO6 -
Do coup 108V r, & jj- unl 4 S -..... 1( )i
Do 3s reg 108"i Mexican C 4s 85
Do coup 108% Do 1st inc 32%
Do new 4s reg. .139% Minn & S L 4s 103W,
Do coup 139% M. K & T 4s 98U
Do old 4s reg.. ..112% Do 2ds 82"
Do coup U3v; N Y Central lsts.,105%
• Do. 5s reg 108% Do gen 3%s 107
Do coup 108% N J Cent gen 5s.. 129%
Atchison gen 4s 104 Northern Pa 4s 104%
• -Do- adjust -4s.. >...-97 Do -2b .,..1,. 72U
B & Ohio 4s 103% N & W consol 4s.. 102%
Do 3%s 95% Reading gen 4s. c. 95%
Do conv 4s.: 105% S L & I M con. ..116
Canada South' 2ds. 107 St L & S F 4s..-.. 95
Central of Ga 5s. .106 St L S'west lsts.. 9714
Do 1st Inc 81 Do 2ds :... . 78
Ches & Ohio 4%s..l05% San A & A P 4s.. 86
Chi &? Alton 3%s... 84% Southern Pa 4s.. 91%
9.' 5 £ 9S €W **¦ 96% Southern. Ry ! 5s.... 11614
CM4SP gen 4s.U0 Tex & Pa lsts lir
Chi & N con 7s.. .Ml T. St.L & W 4s.. 84
-C'B I & Pa 4s.. .106 Union Pa 4s.. .,,...105
C.C.C& S L gen 4s.lO2 Do con 4s ..106%
Chi. Terminal 4s... 94 Wabash lsts 119
"Colo & So 4s 87% Do 2ds ... . no
Den & Rio G 4s. ..102% Do deb B [ 62"
'Erie- prior lien 4s.-97% West Shore 4s. ....113%
Do gen 4s 87% W & L Erie 4s.... 91%
Ft ,W & D 1st.. ...105 "Wisconsin Cen 4s.. 88%
Lead was dull 'at $4 37V4 locally, while in
London the market advanced Is 3d to £12 6s 6d
for spot. Spelter was without change, closing
at $4 nominal.
Domestic iron markets were nominally un
changed at $9@9 10 for pig iron warrants; No.
1 Northern foundry, $15@15 50; No. 2 foundry.
Southern, $14@14 50; No. 1 Southern foundry,
JW 75@15 25; No. 1 foundry. Southern soft. $14 75
(a 15 25. Glasgow warrants closed at 54s and
Middlesboro closed at 45s 4%d.
Copper in London was a shade lower, under
realizing, but closed steady at £67 8s 9d for spot
and £67 16s 3d for futures. Here, dull at 16H@
17c for Lake Superior, and 16%@16%c for cast
ing and electrolytic.
NEW YORK, Sept. 12.— Without stimulating
much activity the local market for tin ad
vanced from 25 to 60 points to-day, as a result
of absence of sellers and - a bullish turn to
statistics. The market ruled firm all day and
closed firmer at- $25 40@25 50. London • prices
were also higher by. 15s, spot closing at £115 5s
and futures £112 12s 6d.
New York- Metal Market.
¦ Receipts • were 23,700 pounds of Butter.
pounds Eastern Butter, 567 cases of Eggs 54i)
cases of Eastern Eggs, 7500 pounds of Califor
nia Cheese and 37,720 pounds of Eastern Cheese
BUTTER— Creamery, 24@25c per lb for fancy
and 23c for seconds; dairy, 18@22V>c; store But
ter, 15@17%c per lb; Creamery "Tub, 18@21c;
Pickled Roll, 19@20c; Keg, 18@19c per lb.
CHEESE— New, ll@12c; old, 10^c; j Young
America, 12%c per lb; Eastern, 13@l5c.
' EGGS— Ranch, 30<S34c for choice to fancy,
and . 26<g29c for fair to good : store. 20<S25e per
dozen; cold storage. . 22%c ; Eastern, 17@22%c.
Butter continues topheavy and slow, though
the decline seems to be checked for the moment
at least.- .,¦ .
i The general sentiment among dealers is that
Eggs are being- advanced too rapidly. Still,
they, sell right along at. the quotations. The
cold storage stock is being worked off at kbout
22%c as an average figure. '.Ranch Eggs are
firm enough; but store are dragging, the cold
storage stock- being preferred. . .
I Cheese - Is not going off very briskly at the
advanced prices, and the shelves are very well
supplied. • ¦•¦;-¦
Buttgr, Cheese, and Eggs.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys. 9@10c for Gobblers
and 12@14c for Hens; Young Turkeys. l8«20c;
Geese, per pair, . Jl 50@l 75; Goslings, $1 50@2;
Ducks, ?3@4 for old and $3 50@5 50 for young ;
Hens, $3 50@4 for common and $4 50@5 for
choice; young Roosters,, $4 50@5 50; old Roos
ters. $4@4 50; Fryers, $4; Broilers, $3@3 50 for
large and $2@3 for small; Pigeons, $1 25@1 75
per dozen for old and Jl 50@l 75 for Squabs.
GAME— Doves, per dozen, $1@1 25; Hare, $1;
Rabbits. 1 $1 25 for Cottontail and $1 for Brush.
Young stock of all kinds is In free supply
and dull, while good large stock is meeting
with a fair demand, though there is plenty of
fering. '• . ¦•
The little Game coming in sells off very
well. . -
Poultry and Game.
- THURSDAY, Sept. 12—1 P. m.
Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask.
Alpha 01 03 Justice 02 M
Alta 02 05 Kentuck ...... — 02
Andes 01 03 Lady Wash.... 01 —
Belcher 10 11 Mexican ...... 24 25
Best ft Belcher 24 25 Occidental .... 05 0«
Bullion 01 03 Ophlr- , 90 91
Caledonia 31 32 Overman 05 08
Challenge Con. 15 16 Potosi 06 07
Chollar 03 OSjSavage 04 0«
Confidence .... 65 70 1 Scorpion — 04
Con Cal & Va.l 90 1 95|Seg Belcher ... 02 04
Con Imperial.. — 01 Blerra Nevada 2« 17
Con New York — 01 1 Silver Hill 33 3S
Crown Point .. 03 05' St Louis 08 —
Eureka Con 14 I — Standard ...... — 3 23
Exchequer .... — 01' Syndicate — 08
Gould & Curry 09 11 Union Con .... 10 11
Hale & Norcrs 18 19 Utah ..05 06
julla — 01 Yellow Jacket. 03 03
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
CODFISH— The Alaska Codfish/ Company
reports the arrival of 600 tons of new fish from
the Behring Sea, Quotations remain un
changed.
Cubes, Crushed and Fine Crushed, 5.10c;
Powdered. 4.95c; Candy Granulated. 4.93c; Dry
Granulated, 4.85c; Confectioners' A, 4.85c: Fruit
Granulated. 4.S3c: Beet Granulated, 4.75e; Mag
nolia A, 4.45c; Extra C. 4.35c; Gol/Jen C, 4.25c;
barrels, JOc more; half -barrels. 25c more; boxes.
50c more; 50-lb bags, 10c more. No orders taken
for less than 75 barrels or Its equivalent. Doml
inos. half-barrels. 5.35c; boxes. 6.60c per lb.
CANNED FRUITS— Outside canners are ask
ing from 5c to 10c more for Peaches and Pears,'
but the association has not changed its quo
tations. There Is a brisk demand for future
Tomatoes. >
SUGAR— Prices are 10c lower. The Western
Sugar Refining Company quotes, per lb. In 100
lb bags:
- COAL OIL- Water White Coal Oil. In bulk,
13c; Pearl Oil, In cases. 19c: Astral, 19c; Star,
19c: Extra Star. 23c; Elaine," 24c: Eocene. 21c;
deodorized stove gasoline, in bulk. 15c: la cases.
21c: Benzine. In bulk. 14c; In. cases. 20c; 86-de
gree Gasoline, in bulk, 20c; In cases, 26c.
TURPENTINE— 58c per gallon in cases and
62c in drums or Iron barrels.
OILS— California Castor Oil, in cases, No.
1, 70c; pure, $1 22; Linseed Oil, in barrels,
boiled. 66c; raw, 64c; cases. 6c more; Lucol.
50c for boiled and 48c for raw in barrels; Lard
Oil, extra winter strained, barrels, 80c; cases,
85c; China Nut, 55@72c per gallon; pureNeats
foot Oil, barrels. 67%c; cases. 72%c; Sperm,
pure, 65c; Whale Oil, natural white, 40@45c
per gallon: Fish Oil. in barrels, 37V4c; cases.
42%c.
COAL— Wellington, $9 per ton; i Southfleld
"Wellington, J9; Seattle. $7; Bryant. SS 50; Coos
Bay. {5 50: Wallsend. $9; Co-operative Walls
end. $9; Cumberland, $12 50 In bulk and $13 75 In
sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $14; Can
nel, $10 per ton; Coke, $15 per ton in bulk and
$17 In sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions.
*8 45 per 2000 Ib3 and $8 50 per ton, according
to brand. • : - •
GRAIN BAGS— Cajcuttas continue to de
cline, as the season is about closed and im
porters do not want to carry any over. Cal
cutta Grain Bags, 7%@7%c; local make. %c less
than Calcuttas; Wool Bags. 33@33c; Fleece
Twine. 7%@8c; Fruit Bags, 5?4@6VSc for cotton
and 7@7%c for Jute.
General Merchandise.
Grain Bags continue to ease off.
Wheat dull and featureless. -;
Barley trade stiff ering from scarcity of cars.
Oats in good demand for Government account.
Corn firm and very scarce. - »
Hay and Feedstuff s unchanged. # s •
' Some fluctuations in Beans.
Potatoes and Onions quieter.
Butter topheavy and dragging. Cheese steady.
Eggs firm, but in diminished demand.
' Poultry market well supplied, with Eastern and domestic fowl.
Fresh Fruit market quiet and without feature.
Dried Fruit rather quieter.
Provisions very firm, but no higher.
Another fractional decline in Hogs.
Light business on the local stock exchange.
Shipment of $729,560 to China.
Stiver a fraction firmer. Exchange unchanged.
Further arrivals of new Codfish from the North.
Outside canners asking an advance for Peaches a
Another decline in Sugar.
SUMMARY.
BOSTON. Sept. 12.— The Earl Fruit Company
to-day realized the following prices at a sale
of California fruit here at auction: Peaches-
Sal way, boxes, 50@95c, average 82c; Ward's
Cling, boxes, average 80c. Six cars sold here
to-day. . Dry and favorable weather.
NEW YORK, Sept. 12.— Porter Bros. Com
pany sold California fruit to-day aa follows:
Plums— Coe's Golden Drops, |1 10; Ickworth,
65c. Prunes— German, 95c@$l 05. average $1 02;
Silver, 95c@$l 50. average $113. ¦ Pears—Bart
lett, boxes. $1 65@1 73, average $1 70; Beurre
Hardy, boxes,. 85@90c. average 87c ;•• Cornice,
boxes, $1 30@2 50, average $2 20; Eureka, boxes,
?1 15; Winter Sickles, boxes, $130. Fourteen
cars sold to-day. Weather pleasant.
CHICAGO, • Sept. 12.— Porter Bros. Company
sold California fruit to-day as follows: Pears —
Keif er,- boxes, $1 45. Nine cars sold.. "Weather
pleasant. \ ,^, v ¦••.',. :
CHICAGO, Sept. 12.— The Earl Fruit Com
pany to-day, sold California fruit at auction
and realized the following prices: Prunesr-
Fellenberg, single crates, 7O@75c, average 74c;
German, single crates.' average 60c; Sliver, sin
gle crates, average 50c Grapes— Tokay, single
crates, |1 40@l £0, average {1 44. Peaches—Sal
way, boxes, 55@60e, average 57c; Piquet's Late,
boxes, 50@60c, average 55c; George's Late,
boxes, 50@55c, average 54c. Nine cars sold to
day. Weather cloudy and unfavorable.:^ •¦¦•
PHILADELPHIA, Sept. 12.— The Earl Fruit
Company realized the following prices at a sale
of California fruit at auction to-day: Grapes-
Muscat, single crates, $1 25@1 40, average *1 31;
Tokay, single crates, $1 25@2, average $1 55.
Peaches— Salway. boxes, average 50c; Picquet's
Late, boxes, average 50c. Three cars sold to
day. Weather favorable. ' • - '
NEW YORK,; Sept. 12.— The Earl Fruit Com
pany, to-day sold California fruit at auction
and realized the following: - prices: Grapes-
Malaga, single crates; 900^1 70, average $1 56;
Malaga Clusters, single crates, $2 55@2 65, aver
age $2 59; Muscat, single crates, »1 20@l 45,
average ?1 38: Tokay, single crates, *1 65@2 95,
average $1 76. Peaches— George's Late, boxes,
65@70c, , average 66c; Sal way, boxes, 55@80c,
average 65c; Picquet's Late, boxes, average
55c. P«ars. Bartlett, boxes. %1 65@2 95, average
?2 61; do half boxes, 50c@$l 45, average ?1 01;
P. Barry, boxes, average $1 90; Beurre Hardy,
boxes, average $1 25. Twelve cars sold here to
day. Weather' favorable." ¦
VEGETABLES— Green Peas, lV4@2*Ae : String
Beans, 2@3c; Limas, 2%@3%c; Cabbage, 60®
65c per ctl; Tomatoes from the river, 20@40c;
from Alanwda. 30S50c; Dried Peppers, 10@12%c;
Green Okra,. 30@60c per box ; Carrots, 25@35c per
sack; Cucumbers; Bay, 25@40c; Pickles, lU@l%c
per lb for small and %@lc for large; Garlic 2@
3c; Green Peppers. 25@50c per box for Chile and
20@35c for Bell; Egg Plant, 25@40c per box;
Green Corn,'25@65c per eack; Alameda, 50@75c
per crate; Berkeley, 40@65c: Summer Squash,
large, boxes. 2C@35c; new Marrowfat Squash,
J20 per ton. • -
There :is nothing new,-, in Vegetables.
POTATOES— 90c@$l 20 In sacks and $1 25@1 50
In boxes . for Burbanks, $1 15@1 23 for Garnet
Chiles and $1 10@l 25 for Karly Rose; Salinas
Burbanks, $1 40@l 60; Sweets. 7ac@Jl for Rivers
and $1@1 10 for Merced. ' • :- ¦
ONIONS— 90c@Jl 10 per cU; Pickle Onions,
5O@75c per ctl.
"Potatoes . and Onions - are , quiet, with a
marked ' falling off in the shipping demand.
Swaet Potatoes continue firm, with the sale of
a car of . off stock at $1... •.. ¦ .
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables:
PORK— Live hogs, 200 lbs and under. 6@6V»c:
over 200 lbs. 5%@5%c; feeders ; sows. 20 per
cent on*; boars. 50 per cent off and stags 40
per cent off from the 1 above quotations; dressed
Hogs, 7&@9' / 4c
LAMB— 7@8c per lb.
The local packers have succeeded In lopping
another fraction off the prices for Hogs, re
ceipts of | which are more than sufficient for
the- demands of this market; Other- meats re
main as before.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealeM
are as follows:
BEEF— 6@6&c for Steers and 5@5^c per lb
for Cows. „ • -. ¦¦
VEAL— Large, 7@8c; small, 8@9c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 6V>@7c; Ewes. 6®6%c per
pound.
San Francisco Meat Market.
300 Best & Belcher 24 500 Mexican —..... 24
500 Challenge Con. 16 200 Ophlr 92
300 Challenge Con. 15 400 Ophir 01
lOOConCal & Va..l 95 200 Ophlr 90
200 Hale & Norcrs3 19 100- Sierra Nevada. 2S
200 Mexican 23 ICO Sierra Nevada. 27
Afternoon Session.
600 Best & Belcher 251 350 OpMr 10
300 Caledonia 30; 200 Ophlr 92
200 Con Cal & Va.l 93 1 200 Overman 06
500 Crown Point*. 05 300 Potosl 06
SOO Could & Curry 10J 500 Sierra Nevada. 27
300 Hale & Norcrss 20 1 500 Silver Hill 34
600 Mexican 25f 700 Union Con li>
200 Mexican 26 200 Union Con n
200 Ophlr 88 200 Yellow Jacket.. 09
400 Ophlr 89 1300 Yellow Jacket.. 10
Morning Session.
Following were the sales In the Pacific Stock
Exchange yesterday:
500 Belcher 12/100 Ophir S3
50 Caledonia 33j 700 Ophir 90
600 Con Cal & Va.l 95 1100 Overman 05
100 Hale & Norcrss 20) 500 Potosl 07
Mornlnrr Session.
Following were the sales In the Saa Fran
cisco Stock and Bond Exchange yesterday:
MINING STOCKS.
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS
60 Peerless • * 25 -
60 Peerless, b 90 5 50 \
100 Reed Crude . — •• » ¦ \
100 West Shore « W
14@15e; do, medium and coarse, ll@13c; Ore
gon, Eastern, choice, ll@13c; do, fair to good.
9@llc; Nevada. 10@12c. Fall— San Joaquin, 6%
@8VzC; San Joaquin Lambs', 7%@9c.
HOPS— New, 12@15c per lb.
B; Large "White; $2 80@3 15;. Pink, $2 30; Bed.
$2. 75@3; Blackeye, $3 25@3 50; Limas, nominal;
Red Kidney. $4 per ctl. A '
1 SEEDS— Brown. ¦• Mustard,' nominal; Yellow
Mustard, nominal; Flax, $2 2502 50; Canary. 3U
@3>4c for Eastern; Alfalfa, nominal ; Rape, 1%
@2%c; Hemp, 3%c per lb. •
DRIED PEAS— NHes. $1 (S.per ctl.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAIiL, FRIDAY, ; SEPTEMBER 13, 1901.
higher.- Light and light mixed,' $8 15@6 30; me"
dium and. heavy, $6 37}fc@6 60; pigs. .$3 50@6;
bulk. ?6 35@6 50. .- ' •• • • - ¦-¦ ••
SHEEP— Receipts," 1200. Market : slow "but
steady. Lambs, %k 75. * - . ¦--¦
California FruitS ale's.
CALL CALENDAR.
WASHINGTON. Sept. 12.-To-day's statement
of" the Treasury, balances in. the general fund
exclusive of the $150,000,000 gold reserve in the
division of redemption, shows: Available cash
balances, fl53,214,S59; gold, $116,911,513.
Condition of the Treasury
NEW YORK. Sept. 12.— Money on call firm
at 4@6 per cent; last loan, 5 per cent; prime
mercantile paper, 5@5% per cent; sterling: ex
change heavy, with actual business in bankers'
bills at $4 85%@4 S5& for demand and $4 8'%
£? r ce?/ lxty da y s : Posted rates. $4 83V4@4 84 and
$4 S6V4: commercial bills, $4 82V4; bar silver
5S%c; Mexican dollars,. 45>Ac; . Government
bonds, steady; State- bonds, W%ak; railroad
bonds, strong.' \ .
10
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
m Steamers leave Broadway
¦^ Wharf, San Francisco:
Tnjt. For Alaskan ports— 11 a. m..
B»K»*%t Sept. 13. IS. 23. 23. Oct. 3.
i^Kf^XSpfc, Change to company's steatn-
F^^WtSl ers at Seattle.
wBa/£M >oft3 For Victoria. Vancouver (B.
F5»SS3aaj O. Port Town.send. Seattle,
Tacoma, Everett and New
Whatcom (Wash.) — 11 a. m..
T^** Sept. 13, 18, 23, 28, Oct. 3.
Change at Seattle for this
company's steamers for Alaska and G. N. Ry.:
at Seattle or Tacoma for N. P. Ry. ; at Van-
couver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay)— 1:30 p. m., Sept.
14. 19. 24. 29, Oct. 4.
For San Diego, stopping only at Santa Bar-
bara. Port Los Angeles and Redondo (Los An-
geles)— Steamer Santa Rosa, Sundays, 9 a. m. :
steamer State of California, Wednesdays. 9
a. in.
For Los Angeles, calling at Santa Crux.
Monterey. San Simeon, Cayucos. Port Harford
(San Luis Obispo). Gavlota. Santa Barbara.
Ventura. Hueneme. East San Pedro. San Pe-
dro and 'Newport ("Corona only) — Steamer Co-
rona, Saturdays, 9 a. m. ; steamer Bonita, Tues-
days, 9 a. m.
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Jlex) — 10 a. m.. 7th each month.
For further information obtain company
folders.
The company reserves the right to chansts
steamers, sailing days and hours of sailing
without previous notice. • : »-
TICKET OFFICE — 4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO., Gen. Agents.
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
"COLUMBIA RIVER ROUTE." -
Portland to all points East and In the North-
¦ • . ¦ ¦ -...¦--.-. -west.' *« - • '¦ * '-.-'-¦
"Chicago-Portland Special.'*
Superior Service— Quick Time.
THE SHORT LINE TO
Walla Walla and Spokane, and th* Baker City.
Lewiston. Coeur d'Alene and Boise City
Gold Mining Districts.
D. W. HITCHCOCK, General Agent,
No. 1 Montgomery st., San Francisco.
AMERICAN LINE.
XIV TORS. 80UTHAXPT0K. LONDON. PASI9L
-.^S topping at Cherbourg", westbound.
Frd8» New Tork "Wednesdays, at 10 a. m.
Haverford ......Sept. 21jSt.. Paul Oct. 9
St Louis Sept. 23 St. Louis Oct. 18
Philadelphia ....Oct. 2| Philadelphia ....Oct. Z5
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwerp.
From New York Wednesdays, at 13 noon.
*Zeeland Sept 2Gj*Vaderland Oct. 16
Frlesland Oct. 2 Kensington Oct- 23
Southwark Oct. 91 "Zeeland Oct. 30
•Stop at Cherbourg eastbound.
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
CHAS. D. TAYLOR.
General Agent Pacific Coast. 30 Montgomery at.
TOYO RISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai and
connecting- at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No .carso received on board on
day of sailing.
SS. NIPPON MARU.. Friday, September 27. 1901
SS. AMERICA MARU
Wednesday, October 23, 1301
SS. HONGKONG MARU
Saturday. November 18, 1901
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office.
421 Market street, corner First.
¦ ¦ ¦ W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
ueeanics.s.to. sssssa
S. S. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti.. :...;..
About Sept. 13
S. «. MARIPOSA. for Honolulu
Saturday. Sept. 21. 2 p. m.
5. S. SIERRA, for Honolulu. Samoa. Auck- •
land and Sydney... Thursday, Oct. 3. 10 a. m.
J. O.SPREMELS 4 BROS. CO., Bom Agents, 327 Hartsi Si
Sen'l Passage? Offics, 643 Market St., Pisr lo. 7. Pacific St
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION GO.
And C!fl SUD AMERICANA DE VAPORES
To Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican. Central
and South American ports. Sailing from How-
ard 3. Pier 10. 12 m.
COLOMBIA.... Sept. 281AREQUIPA Oct 12
TUCAPEL , ILIMARI Oct. 28
These steamers are built expressly for Cen-
tral and South American passenger - service.
(No change at Acapulco or Panama.) Freight
and passenger office. 316 California street.
BALFOUR. GUTHRIE & CO., Gen. Agents.
PANAMA R, teSSSii
TO NEW YORK VIA PANAMA DIRECT.
Cabin, |105; Steerage, |40; Meals Free.
8.6. Argyll sails Monday,' . Oct. 14
6. S.Leclanaw sail* Thursday. Oct. 24
S. S. Argyll sails Monday, Dec. 2
From Howard-street Wharf at 2 p. m. '"
o rpaMt^ *•
C0XPA6NII 6ENEEALS TRA53ATLAHTIQU3
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. -„>„.
Sailing every Thursday, instead of .d«5fn25»
Saturday, at 10 a. m., from pier 42. £S&2raa
North River, foot of Morton street; "L'Aqul-
talne. September 19; La Bretagne, September
26; La Champagne. October 3- *La Savoie Oc-
tober 10.
First class to Havre. $70 and upward. Second
class to ¦ Havre. |43 and upward. GENERAL
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES and CAN-
ADA. 32 Broadway (Hudson ¦ building). New
T ork -» h~?.' F ra>AZl & CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents. 5 Montgomery 'avenue. San Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
?Twin Screw Express Steamers. ¦»
BAY ,'ANT) RIVER STEAMERS.
FOB U., S. NAVY YARD AND VALLEJO.
Steamers GEN. FRISBIS or MOIITICELLO .
9:45 a. m., 3:15 and 8:30 p. m.. except Sunday.
Sunday. 9:45 a. m.. 8:30 p. m. Leaves Vallejo
7 a. m..- 12:30 noon. 6 p. m.. except Sunday.
Sunday, 7 a. m... 4:15 p. m. Fare 60 cents.
Telephone Main 1508. Landing and offlc*. pier
2, Mlssion-st. dock. HATCH BROS.SOUTHERN PACIFIC TELEGRAPH OPERATOR AND THEJ POPULAR
YOUNG NATIVE DAUGHTER WHOSE MARRIAGE WILL BE CELE
BRATED SUNDAY AT THE HOME OF THE BRIDES PARENTS.
OAKLAND, Sept. 12.-In his brief' filed,
in' the mandamus proceedings against- the
Board of Police and FireVCommissIoners,
brought by Police Officer Klngsbury, who
seeks reinstatement. City Attorney John
son asserts that the board has a right to
dismiss police officers. He holds that the
term of^an ' officer is not definite, and,
therefore., he can be discharged at any
time. ¦ ¦.'..,' ' . - -
Can Dismiss Policemen.
OAKLAND, Sept. 12.— John E. Van Am
ringe, a well known business man, ' died
at the Fabicla Hospital this morning
after an operation for appendicitis. Mr.
Van Amringe waff seized with pains Mon
day after, he had returned with his family
from an outing. These developed to such
an extent that an operation was deemed
necessary, and he was removed to.Fab
iola Hospital. The operation ' revealed
that a cherry stone had lodged In the
.vermiform appendix. '-/ ••
Death From Appendicitis.
Feristermaker told a -long story 'of the
abuse he. had ; been subjected to at the,
hands of#hfs wife. He said she '• became
obstinate shortly after their marriage m
1899 because he refused to support her two
grandchildren. " She called him" an -."old
fool." "hypocrite." "thief" and : other
names. Judge Ellsworth granted the old
man's prayer for a divorce. - '"'. ¦"
OAKLAND, Sept. 12.— rn the trial, of the
divorce suit of D. Fenstermaker, agedTl,
against his . wtf e, . Mary Fenstermaker,
aged 61, the j plaintiff submitted some of
his wife> correspondence as evidence in
support of , his charges of extreme cruelty
against, her. One* of the letters >eads in
part as follows: . . r "." r .\ .''.";
„ "Yotf say that if we cannot live together
on earth how can we live in, heaven? That
troubles me very little, for, there are no
marriages in heaven. I- prefer to live
separately 'from you,- and- you -may take
such action as you see fit." •¦• .-'.• ¦¦ ' ¦•
Mary Fenstennaker So Informs Hus
band With Whom She Could ¦
Not Agree. , , . : *
THINKS THEBE ARE NO
MARRIAGES IN HEAVEN
'Professor and Mrs. Frank ?SouIe" held
an informal reception last evening at their
home, 2511 H-illegass avenue. -to freshmen
of the civlf engineering department. ?
-BERKELEY, Sept; ,12.— A universtty
meeting will be held next. Friday morning
at 11' o'clock in Harmon • Gymnasium.
T}ire.e prominent speakers will address'the
students.- They will be Joseph M. Flint,
professor | of p anatomy at ; California;
Henry M. . Stephens, professor of modern
European history at Cornell, and' G.
Lowes Dickinson, lecturer on economics
and j political . science at Cambridge.
- A special meeting of the Associated Stu
dentshas been called for Friday morning
September* 20, 'to-- consider the-i appoint
ment of a committee of eleven, which
shall establish a code of honor In the uni
versity and discover a.methoa'of putting
it-intoexecution. -The idea is to-have the
code directed against such misbehaviors
as cheating \ in -. examinations; stealing
from the library or gymnasium and rush
ing. ¦ .The'.cair for the- meeting is. the out
come of-the recent- rush trouble and the
placing of student ruling in ' student
hand3. , : - ¦ ••' -^ ¦¦¦ ¦¦-.'!.; '•• ¦¦¦ -.-¦:: :-.•.-. ••_
FACULTY AND STUDENT
EVENTS AT UNIVERSITY
Addresses to Be Delivered by Three
Prominent Speakers at General ~
• ¦ » : ¦'.. • Meeting. ¦•¦ . : ;
AUBURN. Sept. 12.— County Treasurer
John Cblsholm died here yesterday morn
ing of heart disease. He was serving his
second term as Treasurer. By profession
he was a Methodist minister, and filled
pulpits of* that church in several parts- of
the State. He was chaplain at folsom
State prison for many years. He was a
prominent Mason and Odd Fellow and
was a -member of the Nevada City Cdm
raandery.
Karl Klein.
SAN JOSE, Sept. 12.— Karl Klein, a pi
oreer real estate dealer and notary, died
this morning of consumption. He was 65
vears old. and a member of the Verefn
Embracht, I. O. O. F., Red Men, A. O. U.
W. and Turnvereiii. He leaves five chil
dren. His wife died several years ago.
) •
Mgr. Etephan.
WASHINGTON. Sept. 12.— Mgr. Stephan,
director of Catholic Indian missions since
1S84, died here to-day.
•The^one-armed man ba« •» > off-hand
method of doing things.
VISALrIA, Sept. 12.— At a meeting of the
City Trustees last night a $2 tax rate
¦wa* established for the ensuing year. The
high tax rate is due to the fact that a
new sewer system Is being constructed,
together with other municipal improve
ments.
High Tax Hate at Visalia.
LONDON, Sept. 12.— A dispatch from
Tangiers Bays Austrian, British, French,
German and Russian representa-tlves have
seat a joint note to the Sultan of Moroc
co, supporting Spain's demands for the
release of th« Christian captives captured
by the Moorish tribes, compensation for
their capture and punishment of, the
tribes, - ¦'>••••
Demand Release of Christians.
SEATTLE, Sjept. 12.— The steamship
Humboldt, which arrived from Lynn
Canal to-day, passed the steamer Dirigo
In Wrangel Narrows, towing the British
cteamer Cutch, which was wrecked on
Horseshoe Shoals, to the westward of
Treadwell It-land, about eight months
ago. The disabled craft Is being brought
to Seattle. A few weeks ago she was
purchased by a Montana man for $3000.
The Dirig^ will probably arrive to-mor
row.
? —
Wrecked Steamer in Tow.
When the courts finally affirmed the
legality of the trust, the children of the
deceased capitalist were each given an
equal Interest In the property, but- the
Integrity of the trust was -maintained.
Since then William H. Ajdrich has died,
and ,his share in the trust has been main
tained for his children, his wife getting
her portion of the income. In order to
bring this suit Mrs. Aldaich has been
compelled to make her own children, for
whom their father's portion of, the trust
is being maintained, defendants to her
suit. It is directed against Mrs. Annie A.
Barton and Mrs. Helen A. Dunning, the
surviving trustees, and her five children.
Helen H., Bernice B.. Aileen K.,> William
A. and Swinton B. Aldrlch. . .
Mrs. Minnie C. Aldrieh brings her suit
under the cover . of a charge that the
trustees did not account for the sale of
some stock In the German Lead Works,
amounting to only $3334 32; but the object
is to secure the control of her late hus
band's Interest In the trust.
There has been much litigation over this
estate, and just as everything was sup
posed to be properly settled the widow of
William H. Aldrieh comes to the front
with her suit, which is against Mrs. A. A.
Barton and Mrs. Helen A. Dunning, the
trustees, and her own children.' - '
Mrs. Minnie C. Aldrlch Is seeking to get
control of her late husband's share of the
property embraced in the William A.
Aldrieh trust, which trust the courts have
declared should remain as the will of the
deceased capitalist created it. William H.
Aldrieh, the late husband Of the widow
now pursuing the litigation, tried several
times to have his sh^tre of the property
segregated and set aside to , him, but
failed. : .
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Sept 12.
The Phi Beta Kappa, a scholarship so
ciety of the university, . has announced
the elect ion', of four seniors to its mem
bership roll. The students thus honored
are the following named :
¦ Robert ' Newmark of Los Angeles, college of
social sciences; Miss Elizabeth A. Herrmann of
Berkeley, : college: of letters; J.'M. Eshlemart of
Berkeley, college of letters : ,.W. . R. Roberts of
San Francisco; college of ¦: letters. - • ¦:.'¦¦ <¦« ¦
-Only 'those .who rank highest in scholar
ship receive "^ the golden , key, the symbol
of the^hl Beta Kappa. -Election to the
society is considered one of the highest
honors a I student can receive at | college.
There are in the United States some fifty
chapters of the .society. 'California has
the Alpha Chapter in this State. •
• The Women's Field Club has elected the
following officers: .
President." Kathryn '• S. Hannah ; » secretary,
Mary, li.McGrew;; chairman of executive com
mittee, -Maud L.V Stocking. >j '•
".-President Miss' Aleasandra'-" J. farno,'
a senior, in the college of social sciences,
has-been, elected .manager of the Sports
and; Pastime Club, -.the athletic organiza
tion* of the college -women. -• ',•-•" " ¦¦-.
¦ Miss . Alma '-. Stocltwell .has . been elected
manager. oV the baslset-ball team/ .
Phi Beta Kappa , Elects Seniors.
OAKLAND, Sept. 12.— Events in the
senior class at the University, of Califor
nia during the first terni of each college
year are ruled by a young lady student
president. This is in accordance with an
old college custom, which gives a co-ed
one opporunlty, and : one opportunity
alone, to become the head' of her class.
Few honors which students receive are
considered" greater than. that. Generally
three or four of the most popular young
ladies among the seniors are nominated
and the elections are always full of great
interest to .the entire student body.
This term Miss Mary *\ Jewett, a stu
dent'in the college of social sciences, has
been" ctto'sen president. She will serve
during the. haif-year devoted principally
to social dvents, and under: her manage
ment-the senior functions will be left.
All committees for class entertainments
and gatherings will be appointed by her,
arid she will, in fact,-be the social head
of the university as far as the students
are concerned. *
¦Mhss Jewett has been very popular at
college' and has been an active worker. In
all' prominent events. She is vice presi
dent of -the Prytaneans and.a member of
the permanent committee from that or
ganization appointed to plan for the.en
dowment of free beds in the Berkeley
Hospital for the Use of III or injured stu
dents. She ia a member of., thd college
Young Women's' Christian- Association
and of the Sports and Pastime Club. Miss
Jewett entered college from the Berkeley
High .School. '\
¦ The other'senior, officers this term are:
First vice - president, Miss Eliza McKinnie;
second vice president, J. J. Eppinger: : secre
tary J.R. Plnkham; treasurer. N. J. Felbuah;
executive cdmmttte*--E. ' T. Zook, Miss Martha
fiice and A. Adler.'
SAN RAFAEL, SepL 12.— A petition was
filed here to-day asking that both wills of
the late well-known attorney "William
Barber be admitted to probate. The wills
are holographic. One was made in' 1883
«nd the otheT four years later. In the
latter one the testator failed to state that
he revoked all former wills, and as both
wills contain the same terms their admis
sion to probate is. asked on the ground
that tog-ether they are his last will. The
estate is given as $10,000 and goes to the
¦widow.
Two Wills in the Case.
SEEKS TO BREAK
ALDRICH TRUST
CONSTANTINOPLE, Sept, 13—Persis
tent-rumors are in circulation here of a
massacre of. Armenians at Mushur. The
report is officially denied by the Governor
of Biltis and eight battalions of troops
have been ordered there.
Rumor of Armenian Massacre.
Trustees completed the building at
a ccst of only $134 more- than the appro
priation. They now look, again to the
City Council, to make .the allowance re
quired to properly equip the structure.
| Mr. Carnegie, .it is understood, flatly in
formed the .Trustees that he did not feel
called upon to. increase his donation and
he mildly suggested that the.- duty de
volved upon the city ¦ of Oakland to fur
nish the structure.'
-Then it dawned upon Trustee Murrav
Laidlaw that he, would be overlooked 1 if
the applications of either Pendleton or
Hardy received favorable consideration
so, he called a caucus of himself, Trustees
Niles Searls Jr. and George E. Evans
and' suggested, they should earn some of
the" reward. So Trustee Evans, represent
ing the trio, drafted a third- letter,- but
before that could^be posted back- from
Skibo came the reply that dashed, the
Trustees' hopes. ' ,' . • > *
Oakland 'O"frfce ."San Francisco Call,
. 1118 Broadway, Sept. 12.
_Oakland "will hav<Oo depend upon her
own resources to procure the $20,000 which
is required for the equfpment of the pub
lic library building.' Andrew Carnegie
has decided that his $50,000 donation .which
was used to construct the edifice is the
limit of his generosity so far as this city
is concerned. His reply denying the re
quest for further contribution has been
received. _
-The news of Mr! Carnegie's reply has
developed a. pretty scramble for possible
glory on the part of tile trustees, who In
dividually- sent a batch of letters to Skibo
Castle,^each message going. Without the
Knowledge of other than the writer.' In
fact, the -Pittsburgh ironmonger was flood
ed with appeals from the board that told
with painful detail the unfortunate story
of Oakland's financial distress, and the
resultant inability- of the people to have
the benefit of the beautiful home for the
public library which had been erected.
Ihe first communication upon the sub
ject was- mailed by Trustee Pendleton,
after the City Council; had refused to give
its sanction to the Trustee's request for
assurance that at least 'JIO.OOO would be
allowed in this year's tax levy: to -furnish
the building. Mr. Pendfeton wrote in his
capacity as. president of the board,
• A week later. Trustee L. J. Hardy fear
ing that the president had riot . been
strong enough, took it upon himself to
send a . second Jetter tp the same end
namely, that. Donor Carnegie should meet
the financial need. , . .
Miss May Coogan. Miss Lucretla Burnham,
Miss Pearl King, Miss Florence Selby, Miss
Anita Lohse, Miss Marlon Walsh, Miss.Mar
garet Taylor, ' MUs Ada Kenna. Miss ¦ Isabel
Kenna, Mis* Blanche TIsdale. Miss Josephine
Chabot, Miss Katherirte Chabot, Miss Blanche
Sharon, Miss Marie Rose Dean. Mrs. Fred E
Magee. Miss Elizabeth Ely, Miss Violet Fife,
Miss Beatrice Fife, Miss Emily Checkering,
Miss Carmine Sutton, Miss Marvin Kverson,
Miss Essie Everson, Miss Bessie Craig, Miss
Ednea Barry, Miss Eva Powell, Miss May
Hogan. MUd Hazel Hcgan, Miss Helen Pow
ell,. Miss Anita Thomson, Mis? . La<fy Br6wri,
Miss Pearl Morrison, Miss Bessie Coghill, Mi^s
Martha Coffin, Miss Edith Beck . and - Miss
Cornelia Kempf. • . •¦ . -
The young ladles who will score the
games and will take charge of the play
ers' ar«J: ; " .
6. Lone hands can be played .without assist
ance from partner. In playing? a lone hand,
five tricks count four; three tricks count one
and a eucre counts two for the adversary. '•,
7. Please keep your seats until you receive
your score and the signal is given to- move. :
5. A player not following suit when able to
is" euchred and his adversaries .may score, two.
The sale of tickets has been very large_
and is encouraging to the ladies, whTdr
hope that the hospital will reap'-aysub
stantial sum from the afternoon's enter
tainment. -.; , . -,. .
Alt of the players are requested ¦ to ob
serve the following rules of play: ..
1. In commencing the game, all cut for deal.
The lowest deals. Ace is low In cutting.
2. If a player revokes, the adverse side
scores two. - -_,..
3. Players must remain in their, seats until
all the score cards are punched. No cards
will be punched after players have left their
tables. " .. . : -...
4. All players remain seated until the signal
for marring is given. . x . . ¦
5. Winners remain at table and ehang* part
ners; lowers move 1 and change partners. *
6. After moving, the coming players cut for
deal, the lowest to deal. . ¦ .. • „ v
7. A misdeal loses the deal ami next player
dfrofe. ¦ :
8. On* hand win be played at each table.
The" euchre rules follow:'
L Cut for deal. The lowest d,eals. Ace- is
l&w in cutting.
Z. Four hands only shall be dealt, before
the score is taken. .When the trump is passed
! twice by the four players, the deal counts the
same ss if the hand had been played. A'mis
deal "counts the same as if the hand had been
: played. . • •• •• . • • • ¦¦•'¦ \
3. Winners progress, changing partners and
cut for deal.
4. Cut in case of tie score, the highest win
ning. ' , . ' . - .
The lady managers of the Fabiola /whist
-matinee held a meeting this morning and
decided upon the rules that would-govern
the game and upon the young ladies who
will serve as u&hers and scorers. •
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Sept. 12. :
PKOETXIX. Ariz.. Sept. 12.— A sudden
rise in the Gila River last night caused a
washout of the M. and P. and S. R. V.
Railway at Gila, bridge, between Phoenix
and Marieopa. The bridjre itself Is un
injured, but the water has carried away
fifty yards of the north bank of the river,
necessitating an extension of the trestle.
Freight cannot pass for five days at* least,
though the mall and passengers are trans
ferred. A washout is reported on the
Gila Valley, Globe and Northern; and the
local office refuses to accept freight or
tell tickets over that line.
River Endangers a Railroad.
Refuses to Receive Prince Chun.
BERLIN, Sept 12. ~ Prince Chun,
through the Chinese .' Minister here,
begged permission of- the mother of
the late Baron von Ketteler to" express
personally his condolence with her on the
death of her son at Peking. Frau von
Ivetteler, however, refused to receive thc-
Prince. . - :
SENIORS OBEY
HER EVERY RULE
PRINCETON, N. J., ¦ Sept. 13.— Ex-
President ! Grover Cleveland and family
arrived here to-day from Tyrangham,
Mass., where they spent the summer sea
son All appeared to be in excellent
health. .
Cleveland Arrives at "Princeton.
GLASGOW, Sept. 12.— The peace confer
ence to-day passed a resolution to the ef
fect that any nation which refused its op
ponent's offer to arbitrate lost the right
to be considered a civilized power.
Nations and Arbitration.
Library Trustees' Plea
for Aid Palls to the
Ground.
Fabiola Matrons Will
. Have Help at the
'Games. i: ' : ]
ST. PETERSBURG. Sept. 12.— The pu
pils Of a, young ladies' school near Count
Tolstoi's residence at Yasnaia, who-, with
thefr teacher and other young persons of
the neighborhood, called upon him and
presented the Count .with flowers, have
been arrested and their teacher has been
dismissed. . .
Teacher and Pupils Arrested. ¦
NO COIN COMES
FROM CARNEGIE
YOUNG LADIES
TO KEEP SCORE
¦The attorneys for the proponents of the
mill moved for a nonsuit this afternoon,
but it was denied -'by. Judge Melvin. The
proponents art* now putting In their case.
OAKLAND, Sept. 12.— The testimony of
Samuel L. Rogers in the Rogers will con
test to-day showed that he h^d been
forced to leave home on account of his
father's ascetic habits. His father lived,
he s«id, like a hermit In Fruitvale, where
he did all his own cookitTg and mending.
This quiet life was too much for young
Rosers* restless disposition, and he wan
dered from one end of the State to the
other. He was with his father in his
last sickness, though he had seen him
but a few times after he left him. He
always thought his father was eccentric,
if not insane.
Samuel Rogers Gives Testimony in
' Contest Over Old Man's
• '. " Will.
Longworth had been missing for near'y
a week, and to-day the officers decided to
examine his cabin. From what they saw
it was evident that Longworth was pre
paring a meal when some one struck him
en the head with an adze. While the
murderer ¦was looking for plunder Lons
worth had evidently recovered and risen
to his feet. With the same adze the mur
derer then struck Longworth many times.
The sharp edge was used in these Mows.
Longworth's head was cut and hacked in
a frig-htfnl manner. There Is no clew to
the murderer.
SEATTLE. Sept. 12.— In the little moun
tain hamlet of Weston. located in an iso
lated part of King County, Deputy Sherif
Clark and Coroner Hoye to-day found" the
tftiribly mutilated body of Pete Long
worth, an old man who lived in a cabin
by himself.
ADZE THE WEAPON
USED BY MXTEDEEER
Authorities in Washington Find
Mutilated Remains of an Old
Kan in a Cabin.
father's ascetic life
forces son to wander
CARDS are out for the wedding <sf
Miss Lottie R. B. Robinson ! and
Frank Bentz Sherman, which. will
take place on Sunday afternoon
¦ at the home oT the bride's! mother,
Mrs. Carrie S. Robinson, 516 Elllsstreet. •
The fair young bride to be is a Native
Daughter, charming, accomplished - and
extremely/popular.
Mr. Sherman is connected with the
Southern Pacific Company. in the capacity
of telegraph operator. He is very popular
both in business and social circles. .
A large number ofinVitatfons have been
issued for the wedding 1 , which will be fol
lowed by a reception from 10 until 5
o'clock. After a brief honeymoon the
young couple will return to this city,
where they will make their home. .
The deceased had been a student in the
local schools from boyhood. He gradu
ated from the" Oakland High School and
was highly respected by many of thostj
Who associated with him. He was deemed
a young man With particularly bright
prospects, and his premature death marks
the end of a promising career.
OAKLAND, Sept. 12.— The funeral of
Prentiss Hutehinson, the young man who
lost his life by drowning while hunting
in MendociriO County, was held this after
noon at 3:30 o'clock from the late resi
dence^ of the deceased. The services were
attended by many friends who mourned
the untimely death of th£ yourtg man. .
FUNERAL OF THE LATE
PRENTISS HUTCHINSON
Many Friends Attend the Services
Held at Young Man's
Home.
FRESNO. Sept. 12.-The Board of Su
pervisors to-day estimated that the
county will lose $22,000 by the decision
of the Supreme Court fn the countv li
cense case and it -will probably resuk in
5 cents on the $100 being added to the
county tax levy over the rate for last
year.
+J?- A ? JOSE - Se Pt- 12.— The sustaining of
the Kelley-Taylor license amendment by
the Supreme Court will materially reduce
the Income of Santa Clara County. Li
cense Collector Canelo, who was recently
appointed by the Supervisors and whose
salary is a percentage, will also suffer in
the way of compensation.
a^r-^ r 'i rea c hin f effeCt Of th5s Iaw is
tvwfli ? f S 10 a ,* m ° mh -
ty will under the present law, in the case
SL th «-S, ne ltem ' be deprived of this rev-e!
lk^'iff a ,^?°Jl th - lnder th « amended
itT i5 £ ,^ ald the co "nty win : be unabla
a COl l e X !icenj * on any business eondue*
f^ Wi l hi 1 mcor P°rated towns and cities
and which pay municipal licenses. When
the large number of enterprises that ar<>
i£.« nS^,? re taken lnto consideration ilie
loss of the county can be realized
Gatos, Santa Clara, Palo Alto and Gilroy.
The revenue of the county alone will be
cut down many thousands of dollars an
nually. Every other county of the State
will suffer.
COUNTIES WILL LOSE
GREAT AKOUiTr OF COIN
Decision of the Supreme Court in Li
cense Case Reduces the
Revenue.
DOVER. Sept. 12. — Gault, the .French
valet of the Marquis of Angelsey, for
whose arrest a warrant was issued in
connection with the jewel robbery, was
captured in Dover to-night by the police:
None of the jewels -was found in Gault's
possession. He denied having any knowl
edge of. Ihe whereabouts of the jewelry
cr .the . thieves. ¦ .-. ...„:..•..;,. ".
Arrested for the Jewel Robbery.
ATLANTIC CITY. N. J., Sept. 12.— The
premier golfer, W. J. Travis; former
champicn. ""Findlay Douglas; W. Eagan
and C. H. Seeley of New York are the
only contestants left In the tournament
for the amateur championship of the
United States Golf Association now in
progress on the links of the Atlantic City
Golf Club at Xorthfield. These men won
th«ir matches in the third round of play
to-day. Each had to do his best to gain
the victory. To-morrow Travis will meet
Douglas, while Eagan will measure
strokes with Seeley. On Saturday the
battle for the championship between the
winners of these matches will take place.
American Golf Championship.
HELENA, Mont., Sept. 12.— The National
Bank of Montana to-day brought an ac
tion in the District Court against the
Great Northern Express Company to de
termine the liability of the company for
$40,000 worth of unsigned notes consigned
to the bank and stolen by train robbers
at Malta. Mont.. July S last. The action
is brought to test the act of 1892. which
provides that unsigned currency shall be
recognized as money. The express com
pany alleges that the act is unconstitu
tional and that its liability cannot exceed
the actual cost of material and workman-
Ship in the bills. The question has never
been in the courts.
BANK BEGINS SUIT
AGAINST A RAILROAD
TTain Robbery in Montana Has a
Sequel In an Action in
Court.
Richard Croker's bay filly Minnie Dee,
by Fitzsimmonp-King's Daughter, ridden
by J. Reiff, won the Scarborough stakes.
The Duke of Dev onshire's Uieudonne,'
ridden by Maher, won the Portland plate.
DCSTCASTER, Sept. 12.— The Americans,
who lost heavily by the defeat of Volo
dyvoski- for the St. Leger yesterday,
backed William C. Whitney's Mount Ver
non fllly, ridden by Lester Reiff, in the
race for the Rous plate to-day, but she
only ran second. Valiant was first. :
LEETER KELFF EIDES
SECOND IN ROTJS STAKE
Has the :Leg Up crn W. C. Whitney's
Mount Vernon Filly, Which Is
Beaten, by Valiant.
Sixto Lopez, Aguinaldo's agent, made
quite a stir here by his treasonable utter
ances. He left by : - the Gaelic two days
ago for the Orient and is understood to
be going to Manila, where, judging' bv
hi3 remarks here, he, is likely to be a
troublesome factcr. Major Robinson,
United States quartermaster here, has
sent, to General B. M. Young of the De
partment of California a statement of
Lopez' utterances while here, witli a
view, it is stated, of having him watched
when he reaches the ¦ far Kast. It is re
ported that arrestfng ¦ him here .was dis
cussed by the major and United States
District Attorney Batrd. A decision was
reached that the better way was to m?
tify the 'authorities, so that they would
be a^care of his disposition and order
whatever action deemed necessary by
Cable, before the Gaelic arrived at the
other' end. . ' •
HONOLULU, Sept. 6.— The San Fran
clsco strike-, threatens to cause serious
trouble/ in Hawaii, by reason of the fail
ures-of San Francisco wholesalers to ship
cargoes of provisions here." Local stocks
of foodstuffs' are getting Iotv and expect
ed consignments fail to arrive. The large
Honolahi dealers are 'refusing to fill big
orders st-fd small retail stores cannot re
place their stocks as they sell out. The
bark Olympic, arriving last week, relieved
a threatened famine in flour, but already
mother such famine is in prospect.
The murderer and suicide, Kealohapau
ole, who shot a weman named Maria
Keiki at Waialua last week and then
shot himself, left behind a most remark
able letter addressed to the High Sher
iff, which has; just been found. Kealo
hapauole discussed his love affair at great
length and showed that he had planned
the deed for Weeks. He finally shot the
woman in her home and watched by her
till she died, holding the officers at bay.
After. her death ,he killed himself. >
Flames Started in the Town
Eight Times in One
Week.
NEW YORK. Sept. 12.— Three explosions
occurred in the works of the American
Schultz Power Company, Oakland; N. J.,
to-day. Five men were killed.- They
were :
WILLIAM TITUS, engineer in charge
of the boiler. \
ARTHUR CURRY, driver.
JOHN DUPONT,' employed at Isaac's
Hotel. • . -
RICHARD VAN BLARCAN. mason.
HARRISON WEYBLE, driver.
BAN* BERNARDINO, Sept 12.-A fire
; fiend is making: his presence felt in this
city, and so far tliis week there ha)e
been eight fires. The town has become
thoroughly alarmed, and City Marshal
Souther has detailed a large posse of spe
cial officers to patrol the streets all night.
Many citizens are armed and wait in their
back yards for the miscreant. The in
cendiary commenced his work Sundav/
* h «» two fires were reported. Mondav
nigrht there were four fires. Tuesday nipht
vko and last night one. So far no great
m °» U v, nt « f dama e e has been done, though
?intJj. e S € X have been lo «ated near tne
S^h^I ?t .i he * own and in a position
?>,* Sv £ "^ nad sained any headway,
™Z £ hoIe , ? town mi & ht hay e been wiped
out or existence.
u£d »^J tln ? the < fir S s coal o11 has been
JVf^f? d J 101 *P ar *"S:ly. The members of
£i£w, t.,!? e ?? rtment are staying up all
?£' u the nors *s are not taken out
break ness from sundown until day-
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Present Prospects Indicate
That There Will Be a |
¦.''. Flour Famine.
Engineer in Charge of a Boiler
Is Blown Up With
Citizens of San Bernar
dino Have Gause for
Alarm.
Food Stuffs Are Getting
Low and Relief Is
Not in Sight.
Five Men Are Killed in
a Disaster in New
Jersey. .,
BULLETS READY
FOR FIRE FIEND
big; reception wil§fqj.w
sunday afternoon ceremony
Invitations Have Beeri Issued for Wedding of Lottie
B. Robinson and Frank Bentz Sherman, Pop
ular Telegraph Operator of the Southern Pacific
CHEAP BURIAL
THEIR OBJECT
UNION MILLMEN
ARE CALLED OUT
Declare Owner Kendall
Has Not Kept to
Agreement.
Soquel Start In
teresting 1 Reform in
Depuiuure.
Funerals to Be Conducted
at Uniform Rates by
a Society.
Refusal to Unionize His Mill
Is the Cause of tho ,i/.. ; -;:
Special Di3patch to The Call.
SANTA CRUZ, Sept. 12.— The little town
of Soquel is making, rapid strides in the
way of reform, and will soon have a reg—
ularly organized reform burial society.
Three petitions' are out and already about
150 residents have signed for membership
in tile proposed organization. The society
wlil be known as the Soquel Burial So
ciety, and its purpose is for the making
and furnishing of cofnn3 within the means
of all. The coffins are to be strong and
well finished and of sizes to suit the old
and young.
The undertaker- will be a member of the
society, who will make coffins at only a
price scarcely above the cost of material.
On the petition the signers agree to stand
by each other 'n carrying out a system of
cheap burial for their dead, and each
member is at liberty to have the funerals
conducted by whatever creed, order or
church he or, she may prefer. Each mem
iber will aid and assist as far as possible
at all funerals of the' sdciety. J. W. Dot
son, who has been prominently identilied
with ' such a society in the East, is the
originatorr Thomas Bollfing is to be the
undertaker, and has already rented a va
cant store, which will be fitted up as the
society undertaking- parlors. • _
C. S. Kirkpatrick is to be the sexton at
the Soquel cemetery for the society, and
will dig graves for a fixed price according
to size. It is not the intention to use a
hearse, but the undertaker will provide a
rieat wagon. It is" expeeted that the limit
<5f cost for a funeral will be about $20. A
meeting will sodn.be held for organization
and a. constitution and by-laws are to be
adopted and officers elected.
The signers are from the vicinity of So
quel and Capitola, and Include nearly
every adult person. Among the many who
have signed are the Rev. G>. H. Wilbur,
pastor of the Congregational Church: the
Rev. William Tremayne, a retired Con
gregational clergyman; the Rev. Mr. Kail,
pa-stor of the Methodist Church; Dr. A. F.
Davis, a physician of the village, and
every business man.
SEEK TO CLOSE AFFAIRS
OF AN INSOLVENT BANE
California National Stockholders
V Petition. Court Not to Make
Award to Thomas Estate.
M. R. Morgan, "W. K. Vanderslice & Co.
and others filed a bill in equity yesterday
in the United States District Court against
the California National Bank of San Frart
cisco and representatives of the estate of
R. P. Thomas, deceased.
The hank became insolvent on Decem
ber 15, 1888,- and the consequent litigation
was partly ended two weeks ago. when
the report of T. K. Stateler, referee, was
accepted and; awards made to the credi
tors of the insolvent corporation. The bill
recites that $12,000 remains for distribu
tion among the creditors. The complain
ants pray that thi3 sum be distributed
pro rata among the stockholders, except
that the estate of R. P. Thomas, deceased,
be excepted for the reason that the es
tate is delinquent in the sum of $15,334,
and therefore not entitled to participate
in the distribution.
PAST PUPILS PREPARE
TO APPEAR I2T OPERA
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Sept. 12.
Because the Pacific Coast Lumber and
Mill Company has refused to unionize It3
planing mills the union hands there em
ployed were to-day called out by D. A.
Shannon, business agent of the Building
Trades Council, which claims that A.
Kendall, the mill owner, has failed to ad
here 1 to the agreement entered into six
months ago as a compromise of the mill
men's strike. On the other hand, Kendall,
after admitting: his refusal to unionize the
mill by September 1, claims the Mill Ope
ratives' Union has net kept their part of
the agreement. Other mill owners declare
that Kendall Is the only employer who
has not lived up to the agreement.
Kendall Desires Bond.
Kendall has made a statement of his
position, asserting that the Building
Trades Council has not kept to that
clause of the arbitration agreement which
provided that the members of the affil
iated unions should absolutely refasa to
handle any materials coming 1 from any
mill working contrary to the prescribed
number of hours mentioned in the agree
ment or employing other than union me
chanics. ¦¦-.•* ---..*
Continuing, Kendall says:
The Buildins Trades Council has repeatedly
violated the section whereby they fc agreed not
to handle material made by a mill working
more than the agreed number of hours, the
secretary of the Millmen's Association having
served notice on them of twenty-seven distinct
violations of that agreement.
Now it is an axiom in taw that a contract
not- bindlnc on one party thereto cannot be
binding on the other, so that I consider myself,
free to unionize my mill or not.
Further than all this, my men, that Is the
union "men I had in my employ, have been
called oft without any six months' allowance.
I have repeatedly offered to unionize my mill
if they would give me a bond of. J10.C0O as sure
ty that they would live up to the articles of
agreement. - ¦ . . • .
The Building Trades Council therefore stands
In a position of having made agreements which
they will not live up to, yet they want me to
obey. I do not see my way dear to compete
with ten-hour mills while I work eight hours
and obey the many other labor union dictates.
To do so means bankruptcy.
Agent Shannon Replies.
Business Agent Shannon of the Build
ing Trades Council, in an informal reply
to Kendall, said:
Of the list of twenty-seven jobs farnlshet^by
the Mill Owners' Association a majority of
them were "unfair" from beginning: to end,
both with respect to labor and to materials.
On such jobs the council had neither control oC
the work nor of the men employed. My prede
cessor, Mr. Miller, stopped worK <m six jobs
which were being: supplied with unfair mill
work.
President Smith' of the Millmen'3 Union
said: . >
The action taken against Kendall's mill was
simply because of his refusal to unionize the
mill. As far as our present information goes
hl3 mill is the only, one on either side of the
bay which has refused- to comply wltn the
agreement. There may be others, but we have
not yet discovered them. There is nothing to
arbitrate . with Mr. Kendall. He has broken
the agreement by refusing to unionize and
eonsequejitly his men were called off. We
even save- him twelve days* grace, but still
he refused. That is all there is to it. In San
Francisco there haa not been the slightest
trouble and all the mills are working right
along.
A dozen union ' men - left the mill this
morning, leaving", Kendall claims, eight
een non-union men still at work.
Presentation Convent Association
Will' Produce "The Pirates'
¦ t ' ,. . of Penzance."
Preparations for the production of the
opera; "The Pirates of Penzance,"
by the Past Pupils' Association of the
Presentation Convent. Powell and Lom
bard streets, are nearinjr completion.. The
play will be given at Native Sons* Hall
en the 26th Inst. Tickets to the enter
tainment are selling fast, assuring finan
cial success.
Following I? the cast: Richard, a pirate
king, Ed McGinty; Samuel, his lieuten
ant, M. Donegan; Frederic, a pirate ap
prentice, A. Nowlan; Edward, a sergeant
of police, C. Kendrick; General Stanley.
F.* W. Huber; Ruth, a piratical "maid of
all work," Mrs. E. H. Kast; Mabel. Gen
eral Stanley's youngest daughter, Mrs. E.
Burns; General Stanley's daughters. Kate,
Edith and Isabel. Mrs. L. Beretta. Mrs.
J. Brusher and Mis3 R. Van der Naillen.
The case of Captain J. M.; Neall, in
dicted for embezzlement, was conthaue.-i
yesterday in the United State3 District
Court until September 25. »-.-'
Continues Captain Ueall's Trial.
Testimony in the matter of the rehear
ing of the DuBose contempt case will be
taken by United States Court Commis
sioner Heacock at 11 o'clock this morning 1 .
DuBose Contempt Case.
Carnival of Ancient and Modern Arts
A carnival of ancient and modern
arts will be given for the benefit of the
Women's Educational and Industrial . Un
ion at Native Sons' Hall during the -week
beginning Seotember 30. It is expected
that the affair will be one of much in
terest. The following ladles have the car
nival affairs In hand: Mme. Louise A.
Sorbier. president; Mrs. Paris Kilburn, *
Mrs. Nellie Blessing Eyster. Mrs. P. D.
Hale, vice presidents; Mrs. H. I. Haber,
treasurer; Miss Angela Sullivan, corre
sponding secretary; Miss Celia Perkins,
recording secretary^ associated directors —
Mrs. Margaret Deane, Mrs. I>r. Cachot,
Mrs. Louis Glass. Mrs. Joseph Spear, Mrs.
"W*. M. Searby, . Mrs. J. F. Berlim. Mrs.
Braverroan, Mrs. H. T. Berliner, Mrs. J.
M. Dixon. Mrs. F. Franklin. Mrs. F.
Hunt, Mr3. F. Hutchinson-, Mrs. M.
Wheeland, Mrs. R. E. White. Mrs. John
Mitchell.
Arraigns Confidence Men.
Charles G. ¦ Compton and Eugene Funk
"¦were brought before United States Court
Commissioner Heacock yesterday morn
ing for identification on the charge of
being* found in the unlawful possession of
a die for making counterfeit silver dollars.
Their bonds were fixed in $1000 each. The
examination was set for next Monday aft
ernoon at 2 o'clock. .
The secret of some men's success lies
in doing a thing first and talking about
it a few days later.
STRIKE AFFECTS
11 PEOPLE
LOSE LIVES
IN AN EXPLOSION
THE SAN FRANCISCO GAJLTJ, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER ,13, 1 90 1.
11
THE DAY'S DEAD
;-' Only * a , fool .ever A attempts -to argue
against ' success. ¦;• - . •- •¦/• -j .¦•- ¦:¦;¦.>,-
- t
THE SNAKE DANCE
AT WALPI.
By S. Glenn Andru-. ',
THE STORY OF MEXIOVS
INDEPENDENCE;
THE HAUNTING OF AMOS
LUNT, HANGMAN.
THE TRAGIC DEATHS OF
.«'• ¦ -.' .( *'v' ".*"-'-' >r',""I'V--'-
Next Sunday's Call
ARE THE YOUNG MEN J ~
OF SAN FRANCISCO SPEND-
- *
JAPAN OF 1853 AND JAPAN
: t . . l_ By Rear Admiral L. A. Bcardshc.
will rebuild the span-
. ish highway,
and pages of human ; ; !
; Interest stories, .¦ :¦ :¦¦¦ :¦ ¦•• * .. ¦••:¦¦¦, ;" ;,-/ }A i- : ;.V l~ :: : ¦ . . v - '^ 7i' .'- ¦'¦.- ¦-.¦¦¦-:: •;..¦ . ¦ \;*^i£ r
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 13, 1901.
12
' SAX FRANCISCO. CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The , San Francisco
Call, corner of Market" and Thlr4 streets; open
until 12 o'clock *very night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 527 Montgomery street.
corner -Clay; open until 9:30. v.ra. -
800 Hayes street: ccen until 9:30 p. m.
CS* McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. m.
«1R Larkin street: open until 9:30 p. m.*
1S4I Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
SSI Market street, corner Sixteenth ; open
until 9 p. m;
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 p. m.
1096 Valencia etreet: open until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky streets; open until .9 p. m.
5209 Fillmore ftreet: open until 9 p. m.
- . MEBTIXC NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA" Commandery No. L K - -J_,
T-— 8 Post st. Regular assembly Tpgf 3
THIS 'EVENING, af 7:30 |CM
o'clock. All f raters courteously invited Oy
By order of" the commander.
HIRAM T. GRAVES. Recorder.
OCCIDENTAL Lodge No. 22. F. & A. M. *
—THIS (FRIDAY) EVENING at 7:30 _J%_
o'clock. Kir^t decree. By order of 7_»N
the W. M. - . '^r A
' WALTER q. ¦' ANDERSON. Secretary.
PAST OrandB" Association. I. O. <ss«a{_>, «
O. F.-F.epular meeting FRIDAY
EVENING. September 13. All
pest grands cordially invited to •/'«»
attend. REUBEN H. LLOTD, Pres.
APOLLO Lodge No. 13. I. O. O. F. .j^f-i^f,
—Second degree. THIS .FRIDAY) £5&3g£Zi
NIGHT. S o'clock. Memorial Hall.
Visitors cordially invited. ¦f/it^
FRANK V. COX Xoble Grand.
W. F. NORCROSS. Rec. Sec.
6AN FRANCISCO Tent No. IS. K. _ j— _
O. T. M.— Review THIS (FRIDAY) /^3_$N
EVENING at S o'clock, Plcneer CSj:»i?l
Hail. 24 Fourth et. VZlMMS
H. H. CASTLE, XSiMSr
• Record Keeper.
ADOPTION.
GIRL and boy baby for adoption. MR8. DR.
FUNKE. 1416 Eighth st. Alameda.
. AGENTS WAJfTEP.
13 TO ?5 per day easily made for the next 90
d&vf eellirr an attractive line of holiday
roods. For full particulars send name and ad-
dress to ALBERT DESPRES. Star bldg.. Chi-
cago, 111.
ASFHALTUM KOOFIJVG.
J. PELTIER, asphalt roofing, sidewalks re-
paired; postal. 11S6 Mission; tel. Folsom 2477.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free— Divorces a specialty: quick;
cuiet; no charge without success; collections,
wills, deeds, etc., prepared; charge low; estb.
15 years. Atty. G. W. HOWE. 850 Market st.
ADVICE free;dlvorces private: bankruptcy col-
lections ;attachments: mortgages ;bills of sale;
partnerships :deeds; wills drawn ;fees low;op«i
tve't. THURSTOX. 10CSV4 Mkt. r. 4. op. 6th.
ADVICE free; open eve.; moderate fee If suc-
cessful. EDW. R. SHIRRAN. 927 Market st.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful. W.
IV. DAVIDSON. S27 Market sf. opp. Mason.
L. S. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg.. 927 Mar-
ket Ft.; consultation free; no fees in advance.
BOOKS — NEW AND OLD.
BOCKS of every kind bought. Tel. Red. 2956.
HOLMES BOOK CO., 704-706-708 Mission fet.
BOARDING FOR CHILDREN.
2 OR 2 children to board; good home & moth-
er's care; $10 up; sunny yard. 1607 California.
ASK to see Lundbeck's improved drawer
trunk: at all dealers or factory. S26 Howard.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A— $450: GOOD-PAYING saloon, close to the
water front; rent $25; must be sold at once
as owner U compelled to return to Michigan.
Call R. G. WILKE. :6% Kearny Bt
A— $400; BRANCH bakery, delicacy store, with
4 furnished rooms; rent $20: very best location
cn Fillmore st, and good paying. Call R. G.
WILKE, 26^ Kearny st. v
A— $600: CIGAR store; rent $20; very best stand
cn Kearny St.; owner must leave for Fresno;
value in etcht. Call R- G. WILKE. 26V4
Kearry tt. •
A— $400; DAIRY and produce store with horse
end wagon: 3 living rooms; place established
£ years ; doing - good business. Call R. G.
WILKE. 26» s Kearny Bt
A— $1400; SALOON; choicest location on Market
Ft.; net rent $£0; fine fixtures and good pay-
Ing business ; investigate at once; a splendid
and rar«r chance. Call R. G. WILKE. 26fc
Kearny st.
A— J3000; CORNER saloon with lunchroom on
Market St.; a first-class place; owner sick in
the country; must 6ell at once; Investigate and
roeke offer. Call R. G. WILKE. 2CV4 Kearny.
A— $500: CHOP an3 oyster house on Market st. ;
rent $30; daily receipts $30 and above; owner
called East by death. Call R. G. WILKE,
26^ Kearny st.
$450— CANDT stand, stock and fixtures: down-
town: snap. RETSLOFF. 906 Market St., r. 12.
$250— PARTNER commission business; can make
$75 month. STRAND & CO.. 209 Kearny st
KSO— PARTNER wanted: great chance in a
paying office. McBRIDE & CO.. 1016 Market.
$150 BUYS paying cigar store;, good location;
rent $10; all conveniences; • rare bargain
LEO BESSEMER. 552 Washington Et.
A-^CIGAR' stand; different from the rest; al-
ways doing business; fine location; high-class
trade; elegant fixtures; rent very low; owner
telling account other large interests; an op-
portunity to buy a No. 1 stand at a low
figure; no agents. Box 60. Call office.
FOR rent— Fine place: has been run as a
butcher chop and bakery for 30 years: 4 liv-
ing rooms outside of bakery and butcher
shop. For particulars address H. J. Mc-
DERMOTT. Sunol. Cal.
$300 AND $350— Fine opportunity to invest in
established blacksimth business; price In each
case, covers stock, tools and good-will. Ad-
gress box 283. Call office.
WANTED— Small business, city or country
not over $1200. "What "have you got? No
arentE/ Box 2S3, Call.
$500— PARTNER wanted; half Interest in store
end manufacturing business; partner handle
money. Particulars 257 Fourth st.
FATING bakery for eale:~l5~bbls. per week;
retail only. Apply o61 Mission st
GOOD chance for bakery and coffee house:
liberal terms. 321 Ellifi Bt.
PROSPECTOR needs backing to uncover rich
quartz ledge. Box 107. Call office.
FOR SALE— On account of death, a complete
tailor's outfit. Box IIS, Call offlce.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
receli-ed at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
- fubscriptJons has been established at 105*
\alencla st ¦-
, LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
#75— FLAT. 6 rooms and bath, worth $500-
muet^elK DECKER, 1020 Market st.
C-ROOM BAY-WIXDOW CORNER HOUSE^
• •• CLEARS $300 EVERY MONTH....
Worth $5000— Price $3000 only, fiOOO cash..
2S-room boardine-house $3000
4!) rooms; down town ->er>n
130 ROOMS: THE BEST ".*'.'.".*.' 16 "oOO
CALL-I CAN SUIT YOU...
10-room houfe; flne location '$425
14-room house; good; transient..... 600
10 rooms; on O'Farrell st 425
24 rooms; on Geary st ....'.'.'.'.'.'. 19(]0
100 rooms; clears $350; payments to suit!r6000
16 rooms; transient; only $4C3 cash 7.-4
6-room flat; fine'eorner ; * 200
3€ rooms: cn Market st "*""" io<ja
10. rooms; north of Market «t '.'.'.'.'.'. 450
42 rooms; clears every month $300 '.'.'. 1600
-8 rcoms; flat near City Hall 425
;r >; rooms; fine corner; clears $80 \\ 600
•9 rooniE; good piano; must cell .- 42s
48 rooms; botel and bar " 1500
IS rooms; on Sixth et.; clears $S0.. '.'.'.'.'.'" SOO
24 rooms; en Market st: clears $150.... 1600
18 rooms; corner; just like home 1500
10 rooms; on Mason f,t.; new... 7^,
32 rocme; offices; clears $250 ".". 3500
£ rooms: JSCO cash; balance payments.!". 1X0
FRENCH AND GERMAN SPOKEN
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market; tel. Mint 786. -
11 ROOMS; rent $35; must be sold jioo
12 rcoms; choice location; rent only $40 "* jjb
7 rooms; nicely furn.: good home " 375
30 rooms: good fur., carpets; Bush st.... SOO
46 rooms; fine eunny corner; central.. . 2700
!3 rooms: corner: everything new; snap.. 2500
100 r. : fine location: good money maker.. 6000
JSCtO— 37 rooms; Ellis; clears $200 over alt
$650—14 rooms: O'Farrell; rent $45; bargain
tSOO— 6-room flat: srand furniture; rent $25.
$1110 — 17. rooms ; money maker; rent $55.-
J600 — S rooms; now being furnished. .
%2UO— 70 rooms; Ellis; rare opportunity.
We loan money on anv proposition. DONALD
INVESTMENT CO.. £50 Market «t. •
A. CAMERON & CO.. > ¦
£50 Market st, and S Stockton et, . .
Rooms SI, _ and 23. Phone Bush $25.
If you have hotel, rooming-house or business
- to ff-'l list with us. We have cash customers
for all efzes and prices. See list of bargains.
f-6 r. ; rent $550; elegant furn. ; good location.
€0 r.; rent $280; country: trari.; pays well. $€500
27 r.: rent $140; oak furn.: Al location... 2200
20 r : rent $8); residence loc ; apartment. 1100
Money loaned on deferred payments, 1V4 p. c.
• It r.; rent $40; elegant fur.; boarders.-. .$1COO
10 r.:.rent $47 50: oak furn. brussels carp. . '550
t r. : rent $33; oak furn.;. housekeeping... -S50
Over is* hwus« ' llsteO. Call j lie fore buying.
LODGING HOUSES JFOjR^JSALJi-^Cott.
, ATTENTION, BUYERS'.;
OUR MOTTO SQUARE DEALING. .
1 NO TROUBLE TO SHOW HOUSES, i
Any of the following on monthly payments:
, 6-room flat new furniture $325
16 rooms; full of steady roomers 850
14 rooms: transient; clears 1125 650
17 rooms: $710; 12 rooms 500
21 rooms; (500 cash, balance payments.... 1000
50 rooms; rent $100; clears S250 1500
ICO rooms; grand corner; clears $400 6000
i 2S rooms:-on Mission 200
90-room hotel ami bar •' 1600
45 rcoms; rent 1123; clears $150...... 2350
MONEY LOANED ..Phone John 531
A. H. RETFLOFF..S06 Mrkt. cor. Ellis, r. 12.
WINSTON & WOLF.
1026 Market St.. telephone Jessie 2211.
15 rooms; nicely furnished; snap $1173
! 29 ronms; pays well: good location 1400
32 rooms; best transient in. the city.. 2200
IS rooms: all on 1 floor; bargain..; 900
12 rooms; beautiful yard; grand... 1500
; I mortgaged house must be sold.
FISHER & CO., 835 Market, phone Folsom 1592.
31 r $1400 22 r $800 16 r $800
20 r 1150 20 r 'S0O ' 14 r 450
IS r 1000 13 r 600 12 r 400
15 r 700 8 r..... 350 10 r 400
S r 550 6 r 225 7 r 225
MARION GRIFFIN. 719 Market, rms. 1 and 2.
»er Call bldr. Tel. Black 1803.
Lodging houses and businesses for sale.
1 have 4 salesmen employed. ; -.
THE largest and best list of lodging-houses
and hotels can be found at offlce of
G. W. SCHWEINHARD. phone Mint 1911,
No. 917 Market st (near Fifth st.)
THE largest and best list of lodging-houses at
our offlce. McBRIDE & CO.. 1016 Market
el. opposite Fifth.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada on« year for $1.
SPIRITUALISM.
A^MreTDr ' "' Farnham. spiritual medium and
life reader; mining a specialty: dr. Sun.. Wed.
and Fri; evenings. 1035 Market st •
EXTRA seance to-night (Friday). Brockway's
test seance in the light; full names and ques-
tions answered to even' one; 25c. 299 Hyde.
CHA6. BROCK WAY. 25c seance Sun., Tueg.
private readings dally. 293 Hyde, cor. Eddy!
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, bus. medium:
life reader; medical, clairvoyant: sittings. $1;
letter. $2. 1164 O'Farrell St.; Ellis car.
MRS. HUBBARD, 1C9 Oak— Circle Tuesday and
-Friday, 8 p. m.; Wednesday, ladles, 2:30 p.
m., lCc: meetings dally. EOc.
MRS. HARLAND'S circle to-night best tests,
10c: readings daily, 50c. $1. 148 Sixth »t.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335, McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer: slttlnes daily: test to all to-night. 10c.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MMeTIm. BERNARD.
THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently
located at 17 Third St.. next Examiner bldg. She
reads your life correctly, gives an accurate de-
scription of the past, reveals the present hap-
penings and portrays events to occur in the fu-
ture. If you are in trouble. - discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied in life, or have domes-
tic, love or business troubles, consult this jrreat
medium and you will be told how to overcome
them. Valuable advice in all affairs of life;
25c up; perfect satisfaction guaranteed.
FREE double tests, ladies free; ' readings
morning, free lesson; afternoon, full read-
Ings; $1 up from 10 to 6; closed Sundays; full
name; development in 90 days under written
guarantee: proving Franklin's ability as pre-
dicter teacher.. 724 Post, 3 doors from Leaven-
worth; no circles; is spiritualist; Franklin
on door,
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the well-known trance
medium, is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
ket st.; corner Goldr-n Gate ave.. rooms 25 and
26; take elevator. Perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mail; send stamp for pamphlet
with special terms. Dally and Sunday.
________________
HIGH PSYCHIST.
The most wonderful clairvoyant on the coast; |
he succeeds when others fall: permanently lo-
cated at 125 Turk st. ; readings by mail.
MME. MONTAGUE.
Truthful predictions in all affairs ot life; ;
gives names, facts, figures; gives luck; honest !
predictions In love affairs: reunites separated,
not one failure; letters answered. 116 Turk.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card !
reader, born with double veil— second sight;
diagnoses disease with life reading; ladies 50c;
gents Jl: palm, and clair. sit. $1 50. 126 Turk.
PROF. JOHN T. HULTHEN. clairvoyant.
pal"nirt and card reader; reveals past, present
and future. EOc. 1007% Market, near Sixth.
ISMAR. the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and :
palmist, permanently located U4S Market, oil '
6th: private readines daily. 10 a.*m. to 5 p. m.
MME. LAROSE. best clairvoyant, card reader;
German spoken: 25c up. 77714 Market st..rm.l8.
MME. HANSEN. card reader and palmist; tells
past, present, future, 25c. 14S 6th st, room 14. j
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader: ladles
25c. gents 5Pc: readings dally. 132 Sixth st. j
M. WILLE. crystal seer, clairvoyant, medium; j
sittings, 9 a. m. to 8 p. m. ; 50c. S26A Ellis st
CLAIRVOYANT card reader from Louisiana;
only 10c:from 1 to 8 p. m. 262 Minna st..nr. 4th.
MRS.MELVILL, well-known clairvoyant, water
reader. 11 6th :German spoken ;tel. Howard 1346.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, reader ;palmlstry;
truth or'no pay; 25c. 1149 Mission, over store.
A. L. CARLSON, medium and astrologlst 14S
Sixth -st, room 23.
MME. SCHAFFER.: clairvoyant, card reader;
sittings dally. 44S% Jessie Ft., bet. 5th and 6th.
MME RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice: names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
fall. 16 pages,' sent to any address in the
TTnitiwl ¦ Ptat»s or Cnr.aria on* year for $1. '
CARPET BEATING AM» CLEANING, j
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
eend to SPAULD ING'S pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works, 353-357. Tehama St.; tel South 40.
AMERICAN Carpet-beating Works— Cleaning,
3c;renovated;relaid. 105 14th st; tel. Capp 2542.
CARPETS beaten or laid. 3c per yard. CHAS.
PARRY. ; 51K4 Market Bt.: phone Mint 1095.
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co.. 402 gutter et. ;
tel. Main 384. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Prop.
RUDOLPH & CO., carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison; tel. Mission 263. j
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-beating Works.
C33 Golden Gate ave.; telephone East 126.
CITY Steam Carpet-beating "Works. G. ,H. I
STEVENS. Mgr.. 38-40 8th St.; tel. South 250.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-beating and Reno-
i vatlng Co.. 240 Fourteenth st: tel. Mission 74.
~ CHIROPODISTS.
BUNIONS, corns. Ingrown nails, warts: pain-
lees cure; guaranteed. Dr. Duncan. 415 Sutter.
PROF.Strassburger fromN.Y., specialist on feet.
diploma T.P.S.S.N.Y.; Chronicle big., rm. 76.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No charge un-
less successful. Room 810. 927 Market st
COTTAGES TO LET.
BARGAIN— Cottage, 5 rooms and bath; furni-
ture for sale; possession Immediately. 266
Hartford st. -
$6— COTTAGE. 5 rooms; worth $12 in city; near
Crescent ave. Apply 64 Silver St., off Third.
. DENTISTS.
A— - DRC""f.""sr^l^Gi'N~s7"»l:f~^arket street^
'Emma Spreckels building. Reasonable prices
for. painless dentistry; pure gold filling $150;
artificial teeth, on plate, look natural and
guaranteed. $5 up: a good metal plate $15;
gold and porcelain crowm $5 to $10; teeth
without plate; painless extraction.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. '809 Mar-
ket st. cor. 4th. rm: 7, Flood bldg.. you can :
havo your extractions done' painlessly: teeth I
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
$3 DO up; plates, extractions free, $4 50 up; of-
flce hour*. 9 a. m. to 10 p. m.; Sundays, 9 to
2 p. m. J. W. THATCHER. M. P.. Manager.
EIGHT. prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions or fillings by my
wonderful secret, painless method; 20 years'
experience: no students; advice free; prices
cheapest «nd guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 OTarrell st.
A— NEW ' unbreakable plate, the Rose Pearl,
warranted for 20 years; crowns, $3 50; fillings
DOc: platee. $5: full set; all work painless and ¦
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth.
j AT Ideal Dental Co., 6 Eddy st— Work done
t on weekly Installments: lowest rates. .
, DR. M. A. BROWN has removed to 54 Sixth
I »t.; gold crown and bridge work a specialty.
PARIS Dental Parlors. 235 Kearny, cor. Such—
Full set of teeth, $4; crowns. $3; fillings. 25c.
SET^ o£ tee th without plate. DR. H. O.
YOUNO. 1841 Polk »t
DR. R. L. WALSH. 815% Geary, nr. Larkin-Paln-
less extraction 50c; plates $5 up; phone Polk 1133.
DR. H. G. TRUMAN, denist, third floor, Ex-
. aminer building; formerly in Murphy b!dg.
VAN VROOM-"Painlegs" : evenings and Sun-
da3B. 1001 Market. tt.. corner Sixth.
( A WEEK'S news for i rt.-ntsi-The Weekly CalH i
16 pages, in wrapper, fnr mailing. $l,p<»r year.
DnKSSMAKERS A.\D SEAMSTRESSES
FRENCH accordion and" knife pleating , WM
PILGER. 121 Post, over O'Connor. & Moffatt
MrDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School—
Claw .rates: patterns cut. 1019 Market st ¦¦':•
t ¦•-•.. .•-.-. .
' jEDUQAtibNAL.
AIRES' Leading Business College, 723 Market—
SS per month; $50 life scholarship guarantees a
complete business education; shorthand, typ-
ing, bookkeeping, . arithmetic, penmanship,
spelling. Spanish, etc. ; experienced teachers;
new typewriters; positions secured; cat. free..
A — The of flcial reporters of the Supreme Court ad-'
vise their friends to attend the 'GALLAGHER-
MARSH COLLEGE; is this advice worth fol-!
lowing? Life scholarship $50: catalogue. ' ¦
A— THE LYCEUM, 1 an ' accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and- medical-
colleges; references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building. . :
ACTIXG. elocution, specialties. Hallett School;
associated with ' theatrical auency securing
positions. Alcazar building, 12J O'Farrell st.
MERRILL-MILLER College— Shorthand, typ-
ing, practical bookkeeping. Rooms 40-45, Par-
rolt bide.: individual- instruction; catalogue.'
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec.mlning.mech, sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day. eve. ; est. 1S64. Van
der Nalllen School, 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
BOOKKEEPING, figures; the one man who per-
fects beginners, college graduates & bookkeep-
ers is.TARR. the expert; 220 Parrott bldg; '
A- FULL course of Ellis bookkeeping and the
Gressr shorthand ccsts.onlv $60. San Fran-
cisco Business Colletre, 1236 Market St.'
VAUDEVILLE School of -Acting— Pupils pre-
pared for the stage. 125 Maeon st.
ACTING— Send to Grand Opera-house for cir-
cular of Grand Opera-house School of Acting.
Chicago Business College, 1435 Market, nr. 10th.
Pitman shorthand, typing, bookkeep., $6 mo.
MARY P. WESTHAUS. piano, mandolin, guitar
lessons, 50c; piano for practice. 39 Fifth St.
PROF. L. MERKI, experienced teacher: violin,
mandolin, guitar; juvenile class. IOCS Mission.
ILLUSTRATION— PARTINGTON'S DAY and
ILLUSTRATION— night class. 424 Pine »t.
HEALD'S Buslne.«s College, 24 Post st, S. F.;
founded 1S63; new SO-page catalogue free.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc. ; day or eve. ; $5 mo. 1C24 Mission, nr. 6th.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly. Call,
16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
JAPANESE and Chinese help of all klndi;
cooks, waiters and house servants. GEO.
AOKI &. CO.. 421 Post st; tel. Bush 135.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Offlce—
Best help. 41U* O'Farrell st; tel. East 426.
SAM XEE &. CO., employment offlce— Best help;
estbd. 1850. 621^ California st. ; tel. Red 401.
CHINESE Employment Offlce— All kinds best
help furnished. 439 Bush st. ; tel. James 1601.
JAPANESE Intelligence Offlce— Furnish most
reliable help. 524 Bush st: tel.- Bush 516.-
ORPHEUM Employment Offlce— Japanese. Chi- '
nese help. 426 Powell, nr.Sutter; tel. Black 5072. \
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
flce; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 51S8. i
EMPLOYMENT WASTED — FEMALE. !
A GIRL, recently from Switzerland, desires a
situation for light housework in a, small ]
American .family; can furnish first-class
references; moderate wages.- 306 Montgomery
ave.
MIDDLE-AGED woman with no ineumbrances
as housekeeper for a widow; a good home and
fair wages to right party. 30 Glen Park ave.,
off Twelfth st, near Mission. c ¦ .
PROTESTANT woman wishes situation to do
light housework: no objection to short dis-
Box 319. Call office. ' .
YOUNG lady, not very well experienced, would
like position In confectionery store or as sales
lady. 2714 Bush st. ¦ .
GOOD, reliable woman wishes a situation for
housework: is a good cook; will do small
washing; state wages. Address box 307, Call.
COMPETENT woman 'wishes a position to do
general housework; pood plain cook;. city ref-
erence. 1055 Howard st. -
BY AN intelligent middle-aged woman, -a situ-
ation; is a good manager- and seamstress;
fond of children. Box 295, Call office. •
SWEDISH woman wants work by the day;
good cook, general housework; $150 and car
fare; reference. 467A Sixth st. .'
"WOMAN wants work for Monday; washing or
housecleaning. 61 Natoma st. . ' .
A YOUNG Swedish girl wishes a position to do
general housework; wages, $25. 143 Noe st. ••
A YOUNG woman wants sewing ! by the day,
mending or plain dressmaking and renovat-
ing. -Address DressmaHer, Call Branch, 300
Hayes street.
GERMAN woman wants work by the day, $1 50
and car fare. Address German woman, Call
Branch; 300 Hayes st.
YOUNG girl from the East desires Dosltlon as
nurse; good reference.. Address 1425 Gough st.
FIRST-CLASS dressmaker, late of New York,
wants' engagement by the day; $2. Apply to
MRS. WAHLQUIST. 509 Kearny, St.
A LADY of middle age ¦ wishing to go East
would like to chaperon young ladies or inva-
lld. Box 2307, Call offlce, Oakland. ' ' : .
WINCHESTER House, 44 T*iird St., nearMar-
ket— 200 rooms: 25c to $1 60. per. night; $f*50 to
. $6 week; convenient and respectable; free
'bus and baggage to and from ferry.. l
.'. BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. N 220O Fillmore at
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages. In wrapper for mailing, $1 per year.
EMPLOYMEXT WANTED MALE.
WANTED— Position as lever man on dredger or
foreman for contractor; handle men well; will
i go anywhere: was employed on drainage canal
I In Chicago; reference given. Address box 309
Call office. ' / ¦ •
YOUNG man wants situation as valet or nurse
to an invalid gentleman;' experienced and
have \ first-class references. Box 806, Call.
WANTED— By first-class baker, a position in
country; working alone preferred. Address
box 83; Call office.
YOUNG man wants situation as indoor servant;
have had experience and . first-class -private
family references. Box 304, Call offlce. .
YOUNG man. wishes a position as a miner;
has had lots of experience in all kinds of
mining. Box 317, Call offlce.
PRACTICAL gardener and man . about place
wishes situation in private place; country.
Box 21fi. Call offlce. .
SITUATION by young man to take care of
horses, cow, garden: good driver; handy with
tools. Box 266, . Call offlce.
GOOD teamster wishes Job; state wages given,
etc. Box 314, Call offlce. y .
COOK— Steady and reliable man wants posi-
tion. Address room 6, 45 Franklin st
MAN and wife wants position together in
first-class country hotel;- man as manager,
clerk or bartender; is a first-class mixer;
wife as housekeeper, waitress or chamber-
maid;, both thoroughly experienced 'in -hotel
business; first-class references. I Address
P. O. box 574. Oakland. Cal. • . .
WANTED— Situation; young . man, six years'
experience in railroad offlce ; any j responsible
position accepted; best of references from
last employer. Address B. C. EGGLESTON.
114 McAllister st. . . ; . . - -
A COMPETENT, reliable man wishes position
I on a private place;' thoroughly understands
the carcof horsea; a careful driver; milk
cows; care carden; good reference. Address
F. D., 151? Howard st. .
YOUNG man of 25. who was with the army. In
the Philippines, for a year, wishes to return
there' In a clerical- capacity; "am first-class
stenographer. Box .297. Call office.". -> .
INDUSTRIOUS and trustworthy young man de-'
sires a position In a law offlce: "stenographer;
experienced; knowledge of bookkeeping; fair
penman; references. Address box 253, Call. ••
GENTLEMAN wishes situation as traveling or
stationary companion or attendant to conva'--
lescent: can act' as private secretary; good
references. Box 248, Call. ' . ; . v
EMPLOYMENT wanted by young man from
.the East; accustomed to gardening and gen-
eral work; Al ' references. Address box 254. ¦
Call.' ..... . ;
INDUSTRIOUS gardener desires situation; prl-
vate residence; the care of flower*,- lawn, ¦ veg-
etables, horses and milk; useful and obliging;
•city or country. Box 198, Call office.- ;. «j • -.
YOUNG man (25), experienced in grocery and
meat business, wants ¦ situation. ' Box ' 292,
Call offlce. . : . . ¦ . . ...
GOOD collector and > office man . with 15 years'
.experience, wants position; best city refer-
». ences. Address F.O. E./box 277, Call office.',
YOUNG man,- experienced bookkeeper, collector
and good penman; desires employment; mod-
f-rate salary;- bond, r Box'249. Call. ¦ >-¦¦
SHOEMAKER, -steady'- and competent , mani
wants, position; mountain 1 or coast town'pre-
ferred. Address J. K..-care Call offlce. v
MAN wishes a position in hotel or store; is a
good ca blnetmaker ; t non-union man. ' Box 130
Call office. ,, "' . ; . / ' . , ; ¦
BARTENDER would like position • in city or
country. "Address J. CS.; 7, Fourth st." ¦•
GARDENER, competent and I reliable. ; wants
situation. Please - address box 268, Call.'--
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscription* -
• received at Call branch offlce. 22C0 Fllltnore st.
A' BRANCH offlce for. Call advertisement* and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia *^r^m^m^^mmaBm^iitSmiA.
' HELP" WANTED— JiALE/ :
A— MTJR^tAY^iRiEA3Y7rfT.7rPh^nT_aln^5848
-Leading Employment- and Labor Agents. .
......OFFICE OPEN 7 'A. M. TO-DAY......
Railroad men. ...... .Ship to-day.. .Friday
50 teamsters....... :. ..Uklah... ..Free fare
75 laborers....: :. Ukiah......:;;.. Free fare
' 25 men to cut right of way, Uklah,. free fare,
.wages $2. to $2 50 day:.. '...
........ SANTA -FE CO.'S OWN .WORK."..:.: '.
-'175 laborers to work on section," steel, 'ballast
• and extra gangs/ at Stockton, Fresno. Bakers-
field and. Merced; divisions — ; ....:.
FREE. FARE... .'...."... .........:. SHIP DAILY
..... CARPENTERS.:... CARPENTERS ...i.
'.....'......See Boss- Here.......:...
5 -carpenters, rough work, country, $3 50 day,
see boss here ;.. ....'.
Boilermaker's helper,, country. $2 25 day.
Camp blacksmith.. ...... $10 to $45 and found
Harness " maker, camp, $35; harness maker,
'near city: tank ..cooper, vineyard, .$65; cooper;,
slack work; 2 tinsmiths^ $3 a day; carpenter,
factory; 9 blacksmiths and helpers, different
country. - v ' -. • - :
.:.... SAWMILLS, AND WOODS...........
Lumber pliers ...' Sawyers, etc.
25 laborers, no •¦ experience • required; . for .a
large mill and lumber company '••-.
..; .$35. to $55 and found
5 crosscut sawyers '. $45 and found
10 lumber pliers; .5 laborers, .pile ..lumber in.
yards; 10" laborers, j lumber company, north,-
$60. . ¦<;:.: ... .¦¦:¦ ¦¦¦¦ ¦'- - ¦ . .
MINES. ....... ..LABORERS
10 more single-hand miners, $75 and $55 and
found ; 25 drillers and hammersmen, $60 aftd
$67 60; E0 laborers, different gold and silver
mines, $30 to $75 and found; 10 laborers, salt
works. $1 75 a day; 500 laborers,. different Jobs,
city and country, $1 75 to $4 a day.
FARMS ..DAIRIES
Gardener for an Institution $25 and found
10 men to work around threshers.. $40 and fd
5 laborers for ranch, no experience.. $26 and fd
62 farm hands.... $26 to $40 and found
2 milkers, Santa Clara County, $30; 3 chore-
men : .-..'
MISCELLANEOUS -
Upholsterer and salesman, country, good
wages; 2 deck hands, dredger, $35 and found;
10 two^-horse teamsters, near city, $34 and
found; B deck hands, $40 and found; farmer
and wife, $50, see boss here; stableman for
truck stable, $60; o stablemen and buggy
washers, :
...HOTEL AND OTHER DEPARTMENTS...
Cook and wife, country $60 and found
Butcher, mining company, $40 and found; 7
. camp cooks, different places, $30; 2 dishwash-
ers, ranoh, -$25; dishwashers, institution, $25:
night cook, country, $40, fare paid; 9 cooks,
7 waiters, kitchen help, etc. - ' .
Second cook, $40; short order cook, etc.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st
FRUIT PICKERS— PACKING HOUSE .........
25 men to pick all kinds of fruits and grapes,
work in packing house and dry yards, $30
and found, long Job, no experience required,
'. : anybody will suit; 15 men and -boys to pick
' fruits a~hd grapes for another orchard com-
pany, $30 and found.
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay tt.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S.. 104 Geary st
Railroad Work .....Railroad Work
Free Fare... Free Fare
FOR UKIAH
100 teamsters and laborers..'' $2
FOR NEVADA .
100 teamsters and laborers $2
— 1 FOR TRUCKEE .
60 masons' helpers and laborers — $1 75 to $2
FOR CHATSWORTH PARK
100 drillers and headers $2 25 to $2 50
100 muckers and laborers $2
FREE FARE.... Ship Dally.... FREE FARE
3 blacksmiths, country shop. | $2 50 to $3 day
10 laborers for sawmill and woods $2. day
10 laborers for lime quarry $2 day
10 grape pickers," short distance in country.
$1 a day and board
HOTEL DEPARTMENT -
Steward, first clasa restaurant, city, $70;
pantryman, restaurant, city, $40; waiter $25;
vegetableman, $25, for an institution; 2 wait-
ers, $30; dishwasher, $25, for a camp near
city; 2 neat bell • boys, ¦ hotel near city, -$15; 2
bell boys, first class country hotel, $20 and
free fare; bell boy with good references, city,
$S0; second cook, plain boarding house, $45;
20 dishwashers kitchen hands and vegetable
men, $30 and t25. . ' >. . • ¦
C. R. HANSKN & CO 104 Geary st.
COOK and wife/country hotel, $65; cook, $45,
and dishwasher, $20, country hotel; fry
cook, $50; restaurant second cook, $50; oyster-
man and cook, city. $40; - oyster-man, coun-
try. $30 and found; short order cook, $12
week; cook, small country hotel, '$30; cook
for men, waiter*, dishwashers and others.
J. F. CROSETT & CO, 628 Sacramento st.
STENOGRAPHER and typewriter. $9 week; 2
gardeners and wives, $50; see employers here;
3 farmers and wives, $40. $45 and $50; dairy-
man and wife, $45; choreman, $25; stableman.
$30 and - found ; farmers. , $25 and $30 and
found ; young German for . ¦wine cellar, $9
week; milk wagon driver; milkers, $25 and
$40 and found; stout young man ¦ for , factory. 1
$1 50 day; teamster for quarry, $1 50 day and
board: teamsters for city; man for poultry
ranch. J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 628 .Sacra-
mento st. ¦ .. ¦ ' - ., ¦
WANTED— Foreman for ranoh .In Southern
California,'" $40 and found; see boss In city to-
day. J. F. . CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacra-
; mento St.
ANDRE'S office, 316 Stockton st— Butler and
valet, $35: choreman, private place, country,
. $20; gardener,' city. $25; silverman, $25; 2 por-
ters for dining-room, $25; German boy for
' hotel barroom, $20; third cook for steamer,
$40; baker for steamer, $60; night cook, $9 a
week"; waiter, plain hotel. $30; bill clerk, $10
a week; errand boy, $3 50 a. week. '
A— HOTEL GAZETTE, 26 Montgomery, rooml2
—Hotel clerk, $50; porter,. $20; bellboy, $10 to
$25; 4 colored- waiters, country, $40.
JOURNEYMEN Barbers' International Union—
Free employment. 927 Market st., room 207,
. I. LESS, secretary-; telephone Jessie 1176.
WANTED— Musicians, first arid second class,
for the Puget Sound Navy Yard Band; E flat
clarinet: solo B flat clarinets; cornets, altos;
trombones, barytone, tuba and drums; men
. who double In orchestra preferred; pay of mu-
sicians, first class, $33 and $9 ration; musi-
cians, second class, $30 and $9 ration. Apply
to : recruiting officer U. S. R. S. NIPSIC.
Navy Yard, Puget Sound, Bremerton, Wash.
TEAMSTERS— Steady work; good wages. 203
Front st .
WANTED— Reliable man to represent, locally.
¦ a responsible manufacturing company; -salary
$18 per week: splendid opportunity for ad-
vancement: NO CANVASSING. Address, with
references. Manufacturer, -723 Chestnut st,
Philadelphia, Pa. - . ."
WANTED— Young man who has had experience
around an Ice machine and electrical work:
give age and references; single man preferred.
Box 303. Call offlce. ¦ . • .
MAN to help In clean, pleasant business, 9 a.,
m. to 5 p. m., $15 to $1S per week; must hav-s
$75 and be ready to go to work at once. Calif.
Business Exchange, 78 .Third st.. room '2. ,
WANTED — A good wood-turner and. band-
sawyer- at WILLIAM BATEMAN'S. ; 835 Fol-
som st. . \ '
WANTED— Young man about 16 years of age to
learn stationery business.. Apply 10 o'clock
PAYOT. UPHAM & CO. ¦ - -
ELEVATOR boy between IS and 21 years. Ap-
ply at HOLM & NATHAN'S, 512 Market St..
between 8 and 10 a. m. '._-.
WANTED— An experienced trimming cutter on
shoes. CAHNr NICKELSBURG & CO., 115
Hayes st. . •
WANTED— Boy 16 or 17 to take care of ; bi-
cycles; good home; also small wages.. P. H.'
PETERSEN. 908 Fourth st... San Rafael. Cal.
IN photograph department.' a competent assist-
ant operator and darkroom 'man. Apply to
. Superintendent the Emporium.. '. i; •' .
WANTED— Strong. . energetic, reliable man as
assistant gardener, large private place; ref.
required. Address, particulars, box 313, Call.
WANTED— Cooks, waiters,; porters, .dishwash-
ers and kitchen help; also' experienced restau-
. rant steward; no fee. 127 ; Mason st. . ¦•
BARBERS— Fine 2-chair shop with baths for
sale in good ' country town; 4 living . rooms."
Address box 300, ¦ Call of flee. - -
WANTED— A- first-class .furnishing man --at
RAPHAEL'S Inc. . - : -
WANTED— Boys' ' and children's salesman at-
- RAPHAEL'S Inc. ¦ j i ¦'.
A GOOD coatmaker wanted; . work , inside. ~225V4
Montgomery ave. ' ; . ' ; ¦ . ' .
YOUNG man to. deliver orders and take care of
horses. ..American Market; 1005 McAllister st.
PLUMBER: must be a thorough Jobber." 1525
./Howard st: ¦¦'» ' ' ' • ¦ . . - •>
GOOD barber wanted. 1407 Buchanan st, near
;¦¦- eius. ' '¦¦.-•.. .-¦..¦¦ ,.-. -.' . ¦
6 FIRST-CL.A SS machinists ; > wages 35c an
hour. Box 308, .Call offlce. - /
GOOD barber wanted "for Saturday and Sunday.
-. 617< Montgomery /st. ' v r ... ¦¦ ..- . - ,. ¦: ,
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c
to 50e. 563 Mission st, bet. 1st and 2d sts.
BARBER, first class, from Saturday afternoon
.to Sunday; also. Monday. "511 'Castro st. "
WANTED— Barber for Friday and Saturday at
652< Sacramento stowages guaranteed.
BARBER wanted for Saturday: 8 a. m. till 7
p.-m.;'$4.. : 100 Market st. ;; - .. -:- . •
GOOD barber . wanted for Saturday. 1158 Sev-
: enth .st, Oakland. , ;'.,;.. . s . i . ¦ .' .' .' . - .'
.WANTED— A", waiter.'' 613 Clay st.
WANTED— First class tailor. •' Apply 7:30 a.
. m.',-, 361. Mission st. •; --- '• .
WANTED — Aii' elderly- man- to . do . chores
v around : bakery.? '1739 Folsom ; st. •. ¦ % .,.:•• :' •
PENSION : atty., .'.E:: A." Bullls. . r. , 40. Phelan
big. Past com. Geo. - H. -Thoma3 Post. G. A. - R.'.
i_ y}}l ¦TEATHBRi^yOYATED.;^'
FEATHER pillows & mattresses steamed, reno-
vated.. E.J.O'Rourke.1393 Valencia ;tel.Capp 2682.
PACIFIC Coast Underwriting Co. . (inc.)— We
have 42 offices in operation ; new method of
1 placing stocks - and bonds ; - companies - incor-
• porated; stocks and bonds underwritten. - Call
¦ or address main of flee.. 607-S-fr Parrott bldg. ,'
..:.:.:. FLATS TO LET. ¦'¦.
LOWER | and [ middle flats, 1 6 large rooms and
' bath; upper 10; beautiful grounds, keeping no
expense to tenants : completed : SeDt.* 20 :; bay-
windows In': every rm.NW.cor. Portola-and
. Duboce Pk., oft "Waller, bet. Pierce & Steiner.
FINE corner flat, "5 -front rooms; gas fixtures,
etc.; $16 50 with water and ashman. Corner
Harriaon and Oak Grove ave.. bet. 5th & 6th.
COLE. 769-771, bet.; Beulah and Frederick -st».—
Fine rew sunny flats, 7 rooms and bath;
rent reasonable. . , ¦' - " . -' .-•••_
LOWER flat, 6 rooms arid bath. 1416 Devlsa-
dero St., near Geary". - ¦
MODERN upper flat, 9 rooms and bath. 212
Ashbury, between Fell and Hayes. •
FURNITURE of S-room flat for sale; flat to
rent cheap. .1620 Polk St. ".. •"' <
SUNNY middle, 7 rooms, bath, sanitary plumb-
moderate rent. 939 Hayes, nr. FUlmore.
TO .LET- Flat. 6 rooms and bath; $13. 860
Preclta ave. , ¦ ... ¦ ¦ ¦
O'FARRELL, 1S33— Modern flat, 6 rooms, bath.
. basement, yard; reasonable to good tenant.
NINETEENTH. 4C52, near Castro— Sunny cor-
ner; modern flat; 5 rooms and bath..'
$13— LOWER flat 4 clean rooms and hall; yard.
430 Seventh st.. near
ALPINE. 173— New upper flat, 8 rooms, bath;
all. modern lmprovm'ts; sun every room;- $25.
STEVENSON, 413, near Fifth— Upper flat, 5
rooms; rent $13; water free.
TO let— A flat of 6 rooms and bath at 1937 Ma-
¦on st. ' .- . • - :*s.\-& i 'S~-i*xi
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United .States or Canada one year for .,11.
postage paid. -
FLATS TO LET-— FURyiSHED.V
NEWLY furnished modern sunny flat, 7 rooms
. and bath. 430 Eddy, at.
FURNISHED flats to let; reasonable, 418
Broadway. . ¦ ¦ - ¦
! FRAMES AND PICTURES. .
CLYDE L. KELLER. 128-130~Hayes, nr.V. Ness-
Stylish effects; High-grade work; Lowest prices.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
$17 BO— SOLID oak bedroom set; plate mirror.
$1— Solid oak chair; factory price.
$2— Enamel beds, all sizes. Tel. Folsom 1328.
Searey's Credit House, 1429 Mission, nr. 10th.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak, $48 50, with No. 7
range. , King Furniture Co., 1127-1131 Market.
Will furnish ydur house on monthly payments.
A. B. Smith Furniture Co.. 128 & 132 Ellis.
FURNITURE WANTED. •
CAL. Auction Co.. 1462 Market— Buys furniture,
merchandise, etc. ; phone Jessie 2071;
Auctioneer; W. P. Beauchamp, 2 Golden Gate
ave.; tel. Jessie 126; furniture, mdse., bought.
A. L. Storrs, 130 Golden Gate ave.; tel. Jessie
1464; highest price paid for furniture, carpets.
TEL. Jessie 761 before selling furniture, car-
pets, pianos, etc. CHAS. LEVY, 1135 Market.
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission St., pays highest
price for second-hand furniture;- tel. Red 1354.
GLOVES.
D. & F. new II glove, retailed at factory price;
.warranted;, kept. in repair. .121 Grant ave.
% ' HELP WANTED — FEMALE.
A— MRS. M. E. DAT & CO. Phone Main 1575.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT ...........
2 waitresses, country hotel, $20; chamber-
maids, same place, $20. . fare paid ; see lady
here; 12 waitresses, city and country hotels,
$20 and $25; 2 chambermaids, to wait, $20.
.......... FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Cook, two in family, $3Q; houseglrl, on ranch,
$20, see party here;- 2 houseglrls. - families
near together, across the bay. $25 - many very
choice city and country j places ; best wages.
MRS. M. E. DAY & CO ....335'Geary st.
WANTED— Housekeeper for doctor's office. t30;
2 nurse girls, $25; parlor maid and waitress,
$25; French, ladies' maid, $25; 4 second girls.
$20 and $25; ranch cook. $25; cook, Los An-
i geles, $30; 5 cooks, $25 and $30;. 4 hotel wait-
resses. $20 and $25; . chambermaid, wait one
meal. $25 ;' hotel cook, • $35 ; restaurant wait-
resses, $6 and $7 a week. J. F.- CRO3ETT &
CO., 316 Sutter st. ¦ •- •• • ¦/.¦-_ -.-¦¦-.
AT.C. R..HANSEN & CO.'S 104 Geary st.
Cooks, waitresses, chambermaids; laun-
dresses for hotels and housegirls, nurse girls,
. second girls and cooks, • private "• families;
highest wages paid; call and investigate.
• C. R. HANSEN&.CO... ...104 Geary st.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE. 26 Montgomery, room 12.
Waitresses.' city and ¦ country hotels. $20.
. ' ' • ~3 ¦¦ ¦•¦'*
OPERATORS on overalls at Lev! Strauss &
Co.'s factory,- 32% Fremont st. : good wages;
no experience necessary. Apply to MR.
DAVIS.
A BRIGHT young, lady for cashier and book-
keeper- In a retail grocery store; state ex-
perience, if any, and wages expected. Box
305, Call office. " - $
WANTED— A competent girl; cooking and gen-
eral housework ; must be a first-class cook;
references. required. Address, giving full par-
ticulars. Box 312, Call office. . - 'f
EXPERIENCED operators on ladies' silk arid
wool waists: good pay; steady work. 523
Market St.; SAN FRANCISCO MFG. CO.
GIRL" to .operate power sewing machine.
CRESCENT FEATHER COMPANY, 152 New
• Montgomery st. • ¦ •:
SHIRT- and collar rubbers. United States
Laundry. Sixteenth ¦ and Valencia. - •
LADY compositor wanted. Apply. WASP.
A- GIRL- for housework* and cooking ; four
adults; $20. 1536 Grove st. ¦»
GIRL to assist' In housework and cooking. Call
after 9 a. m.. 862 Halght st. .
WANTED— Girl finisher on coats. 724% Mar-
ket st.. room 27.
WANTED— A waitress able to tend cash coun-
ter. 613 Clay st. . . :_,./->¦¦
REFINED Protestant woman to take entire
charge of 2 little girls. Box, 318. Call of flee.
NEAT, experienced . waitress; j good wages.
Call early at 1069 Market st. .
GIRL for . general housework and plain cook-
lng. ¦ Apply 1062 Fulton st. .:
WANTED— Reliable girl or woman for general
housework; wages $15. Address 721 Polk St.;
WANTED— Experienced wrapper for- delivery
department. Apply at HALE BROS.' before'
11 a.- m. .- .
WANTED— Young lady who Is an experienced
wrapper. Apply at HALE BROS.' before 11
a. m. ¦ ¦;¦ ¦¦-¦,- .-; •:-.•¦.
APPRENTICES to learn tailoring; paid while
learning. BELASCO & HARRIS CO.. B41
Market st. : .- ; ;i v ¦: • ' •
WANTED— Experienced operators on ladies'
wrappers;- steady work; -electric power; good
pay.. MARKS BROS.. 1212 Market st. . .
WANTED— A woman to take care of, child 13
months old, assist In light housework. Box
A COMPETENT waitress : and'.. parlor mfeid:
French or German preferred ;. wages $25. , Call
after 1 o'clock at 210ft Pacific ave. , .
WANTED— Girl to do general ' housework and
• cooking In Bakerifleld; wagts $25. : Call '1810
Bush st., morning. .' , " ¦ ' ."' " ' " ¦' ., '¦¦¦'
HAIRDRE.SSING, dyeing, bleaching, massage,
manicuring taught in 2 weeks for $5; employ-
ment guaranteed. College, 143 Stockton., r. 15.
WANTED— Pants operators. Apply, at, factory
ofS. N. WOOD & CO.. 27 Geary st. .
WANTED— Pants finishers. Apply at factory
of S. N. WOOD & CO.. 27 Geary st. , , ¦
WANTED- 1 - A '.young girl for general house -
work. 1831 Eddy st. ;¦¦ : ' . ' -
BRIGHT, ¦ energetic • woman for. opening with
wholesale house. Box 298, Call office. , '. \
FIRST-CLASS hairdresser at the Bon Ton," 324
.Post.st. -. :.. ./;-.-.^ -•.;..¦•¦¦. ;-.;-. y. .;;¦
A : GIRL - for ¦ confectionery . store; must ' have
• some , ; experience. ' 1247-51 Polk st. : ; : :'7%' :i .'i
GIRL to assist-In light. housework-and care of
children; German preferred. 755 Eddy, st.'-,;
WANTED— A chambermaid at the Manhattan
'*¦ House.", 825 Battery st. • ¦ ¦ . • ..-.,,
GLOVE makers;- driving and Eurekas. ' Carson
¦ Glove Co.. 35 Market it: ,¦.;,¦¦,.
EXPERIENCED , girls wanted; bookblndery.
536 'Clay it. •.'¦;•;¦•.¦- ¦-,... . . ' : .. /;. - r s -
FIRST-CLASS ; finishers ¦ on ¦ coats; ¦ good ¦ pay;
steady work. ¦ 541 Market st. , - .Vi^",<
WANTED— Women for ', light' work on fruit.
1731 ; Folsom ' st. .- ; y. . ... -. ¦ . ¦•";
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions'
received at Call branch of flee,. 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions ?¦ has . been established at 10M
.;; ; Valencla; st.- : v- -,:.--. " .• ¦ ; r-py-.
HELP WAMBD^M^— Co_^,
WANTED-RecnTltsT flor tbo'™*' 1116 ."^ 9 ' -Hi
5 navy; able-bodied, uranarried I men i of- 1 goo*
_u_sass«^tS«_s
office 40-EUls st. S&n Francisco.
B m^ sfoS&iss:
Mechanics' Re^stration Bureau. 4L0 Kearny
st, room 24. ' .' . - - - ¦
WANTED— Pants pressers. Apply at factory
Of S. XTWOOD & CO.. 27 Geary »t.
COATMAKERS and '. bushelmen for -^o*"-
Apply REISS BROS.:& CO.. 24 Sutter st.
GOOD driver for mineral 7^^ r -^%^?'' c ?£ st
have reference and security. Box 294. CalL
WANTED-Jewelers.: 328 Bush st. third floor.
room - 4. - • ' - ' . - ;
WANTED— Boys to. work in brass works; no
strike. Address beet 293. Call.
B. A. SAMMANN. 1238 Fillmore st; harness-
maker. -
'.¦.-¦¦ • m. ¦¦ ¦ i
MEN W ANTED ' IMMEDIATELY. I
: Carpenters. . _
' Experienced -.Piledrlvtj-
Experienced Raftsmen. •
• For work in this city at China Basin. Pot rero
' and if or various Jobs along the water front
Also for work at Mare Island, and Hunters
Point drydocks.
Steady work at regular wages.
We are starting new Jobs dally, and win
put on all competent men applying at once.
BRIDGE AND WHARF BUILDERS' EM-
PLOYERS' 'ASSN., -•-¦ , - *
: . ¦ Room 15. 4 , California st.
WANTED— Able-bodied men able to handle
grain, etc.; none, others need apply; wages 50c
per hour, board, lodging and protection in-
cluded. Apply to WM. THOMAS. 514 Bat-
' tery st.
• . \
WANTED— Strevedores. . seamen, flreraen, coal-
passers, cooks and waiters; good wages; per-
fect protection ! afforded on Broadway wharf,
where employes are boarded and lodged on
steamer lying alongside; men working for
the company and giving satisfaction at this
• time will be Riven preference In future. Ap-
' ply to Pacific Coast Steamship Company.
. Broadway wharf, . San Francisco.
10CO MEN wanted— Sailors, stevedores, firemen,
laborers; steady employment; good wages.
Lumber Dealers' Association. 209 Examiner
building.
1000 MEN wanted— Rock drillers, tunnel, brush
\ and shovel men to work on ditch line being
constructed for the Sweepstake Mining Co.
near Weavervllle, Trinity Co.. Cal.; apply on
work; steady 'work, good board and best
wages In State. San Francisco Construction
Co., 26 Montgomery st.. room 25, San Fran-
cisco, Cal.
MEN to learn barber trade: only requires eight
weeks; positions secured at $60 monthly;
special inducements this m«nth: write at
once' for free catalogue. MOLER BARBER
COLLEGE,. 636 Clay st.
BAR porter, between 21 and 30 years of age:
one accustomed to drawing beer and to make
himself generally useful; state where former-
ly employed. Box 114, Call office.
STRONG boy, about 17 years of age. for fac-
tory; reference required. LEVI STRAUSS
6 CO., 32% Fremont st Apply to MR.
DAVIS. ..
BARBERS— Wanted, to buy a half or whole
interest In a good paying ! country barber
shop; a shop with baths preferred. Box 235.
Call offlce.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
J that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver ¦ House, 217 Third st. : 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
STEADY, willing boy to learn trade: good op-
portunity. Carson Glove Co., 35 Market tt.
ROCK ' drillers and quarrymen. Apply 232
Montgomery st
ALL sizes men'a shoes, slightly, damaged, half
price. 663 Mission st. bet. 1st and 3d sts.
WANTED — A man that -understand!! nursery
work and floral business. Call 500 Halght st.
McDONALD & PERRY have 500 pairs second-
hand shoes for sale; 50c up.. 241 Third St..
100 ORDINARY teamsters. Apply at 232 Mont-
gomery at.. , .
2 FIRST-CLASS cabinet-makers on wood man-
tels. MANGRUM & OTTER. 581 Market St.
YOUNG man to do Janitor work for tuition In
San Francisco Barber School, 741A Howard st.
WANTED— 500 men to buy new and 2d : hand
army shoes. $1 up; soling 20c up. 923 Howard.
WINCHESTER Hpuae. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket — 700 rooms. 23c night: reading rooms; free
'bus and - baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce, 2200 Fillmore st
A--. BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st . '
HOHSES AJTD WAGONS.
H. BRANDENSTEIN St CO. has removed from
631 Mission st. to 819 Folsom st., with an as-
- sortment of sale horses; also livery and board-
Ins; new boarders solicited. WM. HELLIER.'
H. BRANDENSTEIN.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
327 Sixth st. : auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
ONE black road team. - one carriage team, one
fast road team. 721 Howard st. ¦,
FOR sale — Handsome English dog cart. Ad-
dress box 251, Call offlce.
A BARGAIN In good carriage, saddle, business
and road horses. DALZIEL. 605 G. G. ave.
150 HEAD stock horses for sale. A. M. SCOTT
& CO.. 35 Pore St.. S. F. ••
FOR sale— Pair of stylish dapple gray carriage
horses: French stock. Box 68, Call office.
CHEAP— New panel body delivery, 1 laundry, 1
baker's, 1 shoe, 1 grocery wagon. 828 Harrison.
BOYCOTT the ROBERTS Harness and Wagon
. Co.; he sells too cheap. E4 Eighth st
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts.' harness,
etc., cheap. EGAN & SON, 2117 Mission st
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single; also light
camping wagon for sale, cheap. 532 Mission.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United' States or Canada one year for $1,
postage paid. ¦
. HOSPITALS.'
MENTAL and nervous diseases cared for at San
' Elmo Hospital. 230 Douglass st. San Fran.
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list houses to. let; send for dr-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO... 14 Montgomery.
HOUSE to let— 7 rooms and bath. 1403 Stelner
St.. near Ellis.
HOUSES TO LET— FURNISHED.
HOUSE of 8 rooms and bath; handsomely fur-
nished; will lease for one year or more: gar-
den and convenient ¦ to car lines. 2915 Wash-
ington st. ¦ • - - - : '
. .- ; ¦•; HOUSES . WASTED.
WANTED— Unfurnished lodging-house. Ad-
dress H. CRITCHFIELD. 735 Montgomery st.
— _________ _ „
NERVOUS, chronic and 'functional affections
. , successfully . relieved by metaphysics. 1344
Market st.. opp. Seventh. ' • . . .
- LOST A.VD FOUXD.
LOST— Thursday, afternoon, Maltese cross in
name of J. Hi EDWARDS. Return to THEO
REICHERT, Golden Gate Hall; reward.
LOST— Gold-rimmed spectacles in Tivoll or on
way to Market-st car. 114 Guerrero; reward.
LOST — A pass-book with the HlbernSa Savings
-and Loan Society of San Francisco, In the
name of CANDELARIA GRADWOL. No.
230-760. The finder will please return to bank.
NEAR Larkin and Sacramento, on Sept. 6,
lady's open .face silver, watch .and pin.- Re-
turn to 1631 Sacramento st. ; receive reward.
LOST— Black seal chatelaine bag ¦ containing
beads and other articles. Return to 524
. Chestnut st. : reward, r.vv
LOST-^-Great Dane ,dcg.\ Suitable reward for
return of same to 1818 Stelner. st.
IT will pay to "Remember"" •- that the Califor-
nia -Watch Case Co.. -220 Sutter St.. needs old
gold and silver, to make new watch cases.
A. WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
„ 16 pages. In wrapper for mailing $1 per year.
. •' ¦¦"¦•» ¦": *¦¦ V ¦ -V - ¦"--¦¦ ¦¦¦'¦ ;»•— - '..-..;-
MATRIMOXIAI*.
GENTLEMEN 'wishing to maVrT^ahhThTl fc
send 10c for latest U»t. Mr«. Hert». 708 El\
MATTRESSES A>'P PILLOW^
TO order, also cleaned and sterllUad. uphol.
stery: Al carpet cleaning; honest _work guar-
anteed. HOPKB BROS.. 411 \o .415 Powell st. ;
tel. Bush 421. ;
MEDICAL. ~
DR O'DONNELL— All who are sick and"^
trouble call and consult the specialist. My
• medicines have been used for many ye ars b ;,.
thousands; the unfortunate helped; relief in all
cases taken: the most obstinate cases have
been relieved by my mpdical treatment; f r .
confidential advice on all subjects of a rl^ij,
cate nature; all classes of female cor.ipiai : , t3
treated: relief to the longest cases. DR k
W. O'DONNELL. 1013 Market st.. opp. Fifth!
RETURNED -^~T7^7
' MRS. DA VIES has returned from her varal
tion and will be pleased to see her friend* «
the old number. 122S Market st.
HIXDOOHERB AND MRS. DAVIES'~^i^T:
method of treatment: maternity hom-; horo«
In confinement. 1126 Market st. S. F.
DR. TALCOTT & CO.— Practice confine-} to
weaknesses and diseases of men oni".
Market st., corner Sixth; entire upper" g CO r.
MRS. 5! ALLEN, 1118 Market— Reliable ia^
dl»s' specialist; a prlv. home before and dur-
ing confinement; best medical care: low f» ?s
MRS D. WTETH. ladies' specialist: home conl
flnements; removed to 410 O'Farrell st.
MRS D. KOHL, ladies' specialist, conflnem •s"
removed from Market st. to 410 O'Farrell »t!
A WEEK'S news for » cents— The Weekly Call
16 pages, in -w.-apper for mailing. $1 per year.
MISCELLANEOUS — FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 133-131 Fremont at.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, restaurant and po^
ker tables barroom chairs, linoleum, new and
second-hand; we always have a large stock of
saloon outfits on hand; 32 complete outfit* on
one floor, ready made: we can ship everythin»
In 24 hours. J. XOOXAN, 1017, 1019, 10a. 1023
Mission »t., above Sixth; wrlta for catalogue.
30-H.P. boiler and 25-H.P. engine complete.. WOO
20-H.P. boiler and lp-H.P.en^tne complete.|"3O
10-H.P. boiler and 8-H.P. engine complete. $125
6-H.P. boiler and 4-H.P. engine complete.. $30
Also pipe, fittings, etc. H. S. WHITE. $11
Mission st.
MISFIT parlors <upstairs). 23 Stcokton, rents
full dress. Tuxedo, Prince Albert or mourn-
ers' black suits for $2 50; misfit tal2or-mad»
suits and Raglans for sale and to rent; a bis
stock of travelers" samples in trunks, valise*
and full dress reasonable.
Graphophones, Phonographs, Gramophones, U ta
$150: easy terms; children's toy graphophonet,
$1 50; 2d-hand Phonographs. Gramophones very
cheap. Columbia Phonograph Co.. 125 Geary.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear, machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys.
etc. WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear at
WANTED— 10 or 15 H. P. double action hoist-
ing engine; also small rock breaker; must b*
cheap and in good condition. Box 2S6, Call.
FOR sale — Thoroughbred Great Dane pups.
MRS. DICKERSON, Caledonian and Eastern.
Eausalito. Cal.
AS UNCLE HARRIS has retired from business.
information about articles left with him can
. be had at 14 Grant ave.. room 28, 11 to 1 p. m.
NEW or Id-hand clothing, shoes, tools, metals.
Jewelry bought, sold, exch.; 1 4-H.P. Covey;
1 2H-H.P. Hercules; gasoline en?. 910 Kearny.
1901 COLUMBIA. Rambler. Snell. Orient and
other second-hand bicycles cheap; send for
list LEAVITT & BILL. 309 Larkin st
FINE counter, 60 feet. In four parts; suitable
for office, store, bank or bar. L. & M.
ALEXANDER. 110 Montgomery st
A— $3 E0 DERBY and Fedora hats, $1 73. PopT
ular Price Hatters, 330 Kearny st. near Pine.
LUMBER, flre escape, slates, windows, doors,
cast & wrought pipe, boards. 64 Silver, off 3d. .
FINE suits, $10; dress pants. $3 73. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st.
SAFE. 3%x5%x2 ft 10% in. deep, with eteei
chest Box 259. Call of flee.
LIGHT wagon, horse and harness. 2 incuba-
tors. 2 brooders.- 1157 Thirty-flfth are.. South.
SAFES — New and second-hand. THE HER-
MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
PRINTERS— A fine tapeless 32x45 plate distrl-
bution drum cylinder. Box 1S6. Call office.
PHOTO bargain list No. 17 now ready for
mailing. 1C9 Montgomery st.
BAR outfits, showcases: all lengths and sIzm.
JACOB SCHWERDT. 821 Mission St.
NEW White and Wheeler Wilson, drop-heai*
sewing machine cheap. 1915 Mission, nr. 15th.
GASOLINE engines. al!-s!z»s. new and second
hand. J. E. DOAK. 511 Mission st.
DIAMONDS, watches, jewelry: cash or lnstall-
ments. Theo. Fershtand. 126 Kearny. r. 29.
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern engines and
boilers bought and sold. KROGH MFG. CO.
2D-HAND machinery of all kinds bought sold,
rented, exchanged. H. S. Whitd. 518 Mission.
ENGINES and boilers: second-hand machin-
ery. J. BURKE. 133 B»al* st. .
FAIRBANKS' 10-ton hay scale; Jeweler's steel-
lined safe, perfect order. 216 California st.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving plc-
tnres. BULLARP & BRECK. 131 Post »t.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In th«
United States or Canada one year for SI.
~ MISCELLANEOUS WA5TS.
WANTED— Sound, gentle buggy horse: WO*
pounds: trial required; must be cheap. 1014
Shotwell st.
WANTED— At once; old sealskins; will pay
hlghnat cash prices. Box 97. Call office.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 9th st; tel. Folsom 2532.
L . MOSEY TO JLOA jf7~ \
AA-MANHATTAN LOaITcOMPANt!
$300, CCO at 6 per cent to sums to suit City and
Oakland, town and country property; second
mortgages, life Insurance A securities. Loans
on unsettled estates, undivided Interests In
real estate and legacies. We will purchase any
of above securities. Tel. Red 5024. MANHAT-
TAN LOAN CO.. 7th floor. Crocker bldg.
ANY AMOUNT AT « PER CENT
First, second and third mortgages
Undivided interest In real estate in probate..
Mortgages and legacies bought; no delay
Get ; my terms before doing business elsewhere
.....' ' R- McCOLGAN
24 Montgomery st. room 3.
HERMAN MURPHY. 603 Examiner building—
$5,000,000 at 6% or less in large sums; loans
on second mortgages, estates,- etc.; financial
problems of all sorts and sizes. If your prop-
erty is mortgaged and you need more money
see^ HERMAN MURPHY. 603 Examiner bldg.
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent; first.
second mortgages, estates In probate, interest
in estates, legacies, undivided Interests, secu-
rities, manufacturing, mercantile and timber
interests; corporation loans. R. IS. first floor.
Chronicle building. GEORGE E. OLSEN.
&NY- preposition; any amount: .6 per cent on
mortgages, estates, undivided Interests: chat-
tel mortgages.' etc. D. J. HALLORAN.
Adams building. . 206 Kearny st.. room 314.
HIGHLY respectable, private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 346 Market
st. ; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third St. .
RELIABLE corporation, established 1S63, proper
place to borrow money on diamonds. Jewelry.
pianos and sealskins at lowest rate of interest
9 Grant ave.. near Market st. : tel. Black 5471.
tfUNICIPAL Loan Offlce. 103 Grant ave.. near.-
Geary st; phone Red 1603. " ' " -.
)N real estate. 1st or 2nd mortgages & on furni-
ture or pianos without removal; any amount;
lowest rates. Becker & Co.. 28 Montgomery.
-ASH loaned to salaried people on .note with-
out Indorser or on mortgages at 6 per cent per
annum. MORRELL. 609 Examiner building.
Advances life Insurance policies;- Army -and
Navy officers' salaries; accounts of bank, books
In liquidation bought. Apply 320 Montgomery.
-OWEST rates on furniture, etc.. by private
party: no removal: no commission; conflden-
tlal. Room 3. Conservatory bldg.. :301 Jones.
)N furniture, pianos; no removal; money
quick; lowest Interest: easy terms; no- broker-
age; reliable party. 1170 Market st. room 63.
HOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds
watches. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL. 10 Sixth;
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
)N REAL estate— 6 per cent per annum; no
brokerage. LICK. 116 McAllister St..
% on furniture and pianos; $15 up; no removal;
no commission; private. Room 81. 9 Eddy it.
JNCLE HARRIS has retired from business.
rH ,F TOUSLEY Company; loans and discounts.
321 Parrott building.
B i? NE «n 1 i Oan ?J parted people without secur-
ity. Hill, r. 44. Merchants' Ex.. 431 California.
D 5 "« l A2S!!,? r wa & e »: no Indorser required. S.
F. DISCOUNT AGENCY. 143 Phelan building.
money on salary; no Indorser: Eastern
plan. Western Loan Co.. 309 Phelan bldg.
1100.000 TO loan on real estate or for bulldlnj;
low rate. 222 Saniome st.. room 2.
MOSEY WASTED.
klONEY -WANTED] ~~
Wanted— $700 for Al security; good Interetti
no scalpers needed. Box • 252. Call otflce. ¦••¦-..Jgaac and Dora Flnkleiteln to Annie J. O'SuI
llvun (wife of Thomas J. O'-Bullivan;, lot'on S
City and County of San Francisco to Samuel
B. Welch, lot on SW corner of Larkin and
Francisco streets, "W137:6. by S 137:6 ; ; J- — '-.-
John -W. and Hannah) McDonald to John' W.
McDonald Jr.. lot on N line of Garden avenue,
100 W of DeVisadero etreet, W 25 by N. 45; $10.
Jennie Clabrough to James West, lot on NE
corner of Pine and Baker streets,' E 57:6 by N
S2:6; $10. ¦'. ' ¦'¦'¦¦< •¦¦¦-¦-'•*¦.'/.-.-. ¦-¦".¦-'¦'¦ ¦¦'--'
James McDonald .- to . Roman ¦ Catholic arch
bishop of San Francisco (religious corporation
sole),. lot on SE. corner. of Eighteenth and How
ard streets. . S 130 by E- 122:6; $10. ; -
.'Annie J. and Thomas J.' O' Sullivan to Dora
Flnklestein i (wif e of Isaac Finklesteln), lot on
E line . of Noe j street,- .126 :6.' S of ! Eighteenth,
S 25. by E 105; JIO.^ ' : ' '-'': '.'• ' ' ¦-.' •
Ellen O'Connell_ to .. Cornelius _ O'Connell, lot
on-NW corner Twenty-flfth and Church streets,
N/H by.W 75; also lot on S line • of Clipper
street, 106:8 W of Noe, W 28:4 by S 114; gift.
John H. Dunham to. Mercantile .Library As
sociation (a corporation). : lot on S - Mine of
Greenwich street, 137:6 W of Kearny, W.60 by
S J37:6; $1.' - ¦' "" ". ' ' •-• ' - ' .
Bdward J. Doran to Gulseppe Devlncenzl, lot
on N line of Pacific street,. 28 E Scott place, E
28 N 62:6, W 66, S 20. E '&', S 42:6; $10. .
William R. and Leigh R. Larzelere,* Mary E.
Orton, I Gertrude -H. Gear and Grace,K. ¦ Curtis
tp^Naoml Larzelere, -lot on SE. line • of Bryant
strfeet, 579NE;of Third, NE 20 by SE 80; gift,
"Ellen Dineen to Annie E. -Webster '(wife of
H. D. WebBter), lot on NE line - of Rausch
street. 150 BE of Howard. SE 2S by NE 112; $10.:
H D. Webste* to Annie -R. Webster, lot on
NE line of Rausch street, 160 SE of Howard,
SE 25 by NE 112;, gift,'. - • • •
- Maggio and .WlHIam F. Eiran to Margaret'
Dermody. < lot - on" W - Hne of ; Forty-fourth • ave
nu», 200 -N of L street, N- 25 by W." 120; $10.
. ,L,.C and Martha. V.WIee, John Kelso Com
pany and John Kelio (by H. . 11. Covert, . com
mlcaloner) • to California' Title '• Insurance and
Trust Company, ; lot; 13,. block .21,, Sunnyside;
John and Jos*fln« Quiet to Ollye Verlcouteren '
lot 16,' block I, Garden* Tract' Homestead 'As
sodatlon;- »10, /....,...,, :.„..„...•...
BEAIi ESTATE TEA1TSACT?IONS.
HOTEL ABRIVALS.
~. • GRAND HOTEL.
B H Mitchell, Colusa C 3 Christophel, Mo
M S Tewsley, Buffalo C R Savage, Salt Lake
W B Rankln, Ls Gatos W H Foster, Salt Lake
F S Reeves, Mill Vail C C Cresson, Sn Anton
E M Tllden. Pt Richm G.A Chabot, Sn Anion
I J James, Berkeley Capt W Harrison, Ens
E "Whipple, Decoto M M Harris, Los Ang
• I'M Alken, Decoto C A Morden & wj Or
H Murray & f, Cal W Morden. Portland
J R Weeks. 1^03 Acs Miss R Atherton. Cal
W J Nelson, Mojave M A Phillips. Stanfrd
D J Flanigan. Eureka O H Holden. Manila
Miss M Stevens, Eurek A Younger, Manila.
Miss O M Dunbar, Cal A "Wilson & w. Cal
Mrs M M Dunbar, Cal Miss M Wilson, Cal
F W Brown," Eureka J A Henderson, L Ans
F C Savage, Portland AH Polhemus. Cal
"W D HoHns. Seattle W B Nelk, U S N
R Strong, Pasadena A A Nordyke, Redding
: F P Miseroe, Redlands J H Boaltman. Yuba
I C M Brown. Redlands S A Kennedy, Ind
F F Rogers, Denver Mrs J W Roberts, Colo
Miss S Eckert. Portlna \V H Pipp. Chicago
H Marks, Roseburg J S Cain, Bodie .. .'
J L Pendletonv Cal J C Barcley. Chlcag-o
F Busheimer, Portland W A Adams & w. Cal
B S Gurnee. Hanford Mrs T A Garfleld, Cal
K J Oullahan. Stocktn J M Mannon & w. Cal
R C Wilson. Sacto Mrs A B Schneely, Cal
C B King. Ohio A J Schneely. Cal
E O McCormlck, Miss Mrs H F Smith. Cal
J F Waterhouse, CaJ Mrs Wumson, Crockett
W W Patterson. Cal L. J Rankin. Bakersfld
Mrs H B Wilson. Cal H A Nurse, Sacto
Mrs D H Feathers, Cal W D Jones, Seatle-
M McWhorter. Cal W H S Welsh, Ls Ans
C w.Kastin. Modesto Mr & Mrs Arsoffel, Pa
Dr J B Brown. Trucke H B Nerellle. Loyalton
S B Hamlll, Chicago A Sylvester. Sta Rosa
Lieut C N Otto. Eureka C Schelter. Red Bluff
P Must». Stockton ; J B- Schipplberger. Cal
M A Rlchman, N Y A C Hough, Oregon
' -PALACE HOTEL.
A H Higbie, St Louis E Rlckmers. Bremen ,
J J -Emery. Detroit F'K Rule. Ixw Ang
W W Saint. Chicago Mrs Halsey, Texas
G H Carey. Benieia Miss Morse. Texas
H N Hummel & w, Cal A Morse, Texas . • -'
C B Kaufman, Sn Jlaf E W Smith. Shanghai
B W Clements & w.^l W Ctvart; India. • .
FiBurbridge. Spokane Von Qassow. , Germany
RAppert, New York Mr Engel, Germany
D Kane, Oregon E Easton, D <!~' - '
E Herzel, Chicago Von ' B Hollenr. I> C
J F B Morse & w, Tex Mr Brutlar, Berlin,
T M Allen, Chicago V Gode, Berlin
T ABankerd & w. Pa Mr Feltzer. Berlin
Mrs IE Baltr. Phlla A W Copps, Los Ang
S H Levy, New York L H Wilson, Newark
E H J Regaut. Holland J May & w. N Orleans
C-Thurston. Providenc J Wilson. DC
G GHIesple, S Dak TA Noble & w. Pa
J R Johnston & w, Cal J Bradbury. Los Ang
G S Holmes, Salt Lake J G Doyle, U S N
EG Etewald, Dayton; F M Furlong. U S N .
Miss F Groesbeck. IU Mrs C N Hasson. Cal
Dr G S Rugglcs, HI • Miss I Hasson, Cal 1
H Jackson & w, Pa ' T Flint Jr. San Juan
B FBrooka,, Bakersfld J H Denison, N Y
"W S Mulr & w, Cal • C Tryon & w, Cal
E W Huffent. NY J G Coffin. Stanford'
J D Carr. . Salinas A S'Riley. N. T
J A Mulr &.w. N J H W Wood. N Y
R A Patterson & w.NJ Mrs C D Wood, N Y
J F Ellcott. NY . Dr DwCasselmann. .".V Y
W E Weed. NY J L Mead & w. Chicag
Whitney Estate Company (a corporation)'
(owners) with "William F. "Wilson Company
(a corporation) .(contractors), architect • Na
thaniel Blaisdell — Plumbing, ' gas fitting, sever
ing and drainage/ and removal of old fix., res
and old piping - In alterations and ' addi I .ins
(including two added stories) to the Starr King
building; now a five-story and basement brick
building, on lot on S line of Geary street '137:«
E of Stockton. E 112:8 by S 137:6; total, $12,548.
Maurice Sheahan (owner) with Charles M.
Lindsay (contractor), architects C. A. Meuss
dorffer 5 — All work except- electrical wark,
mantels, gas fixtures and shades for a three
story basement and attic building (three flats)
on lot on N" line of McAllister street, 25 G of
Pierce, B 25 by N 100: total. $8970.
Gassmann Estate, (owner), per E. Gassmann,
with C. Shutt (contractor), architect Jule3
Godart— Excavating, brick, carpenter, mill and
stair work, roofing, tinning, iron work, plaster
ing, glazing, tiling and hardware for two-
Union street, 40 W of Keaxny, W 20 by N 57:6;
total. $2925.
. Minnie . C. Knust (owner) with Val Franz
(contractor), architects Salfleld and Kohlberg—
All work on a two-story frame building on lot
on N line of "Vallejo street, 54:3 "W. of Octavia,
W 27 by N 125; total. $6028.
A. Goodman (owner) with. A. H. Wllhelm
(contractor), architect C. A. Meussdorffer— All
work except mantels, gas fixtures and shades
for two two-story and basement frame build-
Ings (eight flats) on lot on N line of Myitle
avenue, 157:6 W of Van Ness avenue, W S7:6
by N 120/ Western Addition 82, in rear of
1115 to 1121 Geary street; total. $19,800.
Builders' Contracts.
Mrs. Hull reluctantly told the story of
how Hull- proposed to her in Arizona. It
happened while they were riding_across
the desert from. Chaparral to Jerome. She
refused to consent at first, saying that
she had had too many husbands already.
But after a half hour of persuasion she
changed ¦ her . mind and agreed to Hull's
entreaties.
"Why did you change your mind?" ask
ed the former husband's attorney.
"That's a woman's privilege," suggested
Judge HalL
"Because I loved him," was Mrs. Hull's
reply. ,
' "Did you marry him to get rid of him?"
was asked. '
"No,. but he. kept looking at me and I
had to consent.". ,
'That's a man's privilege,"... suggested
the court again. • . ...
. Mrs. Hull • spent almost the entire day
on the stand, testifying as to the various
bickerings between herself and husband.
She was tearful at times and court had
to be adjourned until these fits were over.
The Hull case turn3 up strange things
in the lives of the couple who are con.
tei'dlng for the possession of $10,000 In
Judge Hall's court. Mrs. Margaret ' J.
Hull, the ¦ defendant, exhibited an old
brass key while- on the witness stand to
day, which she said" had so far charmed
away ajl ill-luck. "It was given to her by
Hull just after he had proposed to h*r
on an Arizona stagecoach four years ago,
she said. During- one of their, squabbles
later she told/ him "that as long as she
held that key ha would never get the
best of her in any lawsuit. The charm
has been successful to date.-- Hull secured
an annulment of his marriage in Arizona
last year, but. he was ordered to pay his
wife $150 alimony. She defeated him in a
suit in Rhode Island, whither be went to
avoid her, and she secured his arrest there
on tba charge that he was. a fugitive from
justice, In order, to hold him. She was
successful in a race against him 'from
Arizona, when .the $10,000 at issue in the
present sMt was the stake. She made
the boast to-day that she would win the
suit being tried. • t ¦¦ . •
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Sept. 12.
Tells How Former Husband
Proposed to Her on \
Stagecoach. ; -
With Ii Mrs. Hull Has
Been Successful in
g Litigaticm.
PLACES FAITH
IN BRASS KEY
¦ i O. G.' and' Eliza B.r May to' C. -l>. Proctor,
lot on W line of Arch ftreet. 60 N, of. Vine. N
(W-by.'W-1S4:VWo«k'J.-T.-M,'AnUf*n ! «-vH!(i l
Intp, -subject to ' mortgage *' of $400,* Berkeley;
$100. v
¦:ptiget Sounds Lumber, Comvpny to. Adelaide
K.-' Grahkm (slnirle); lot on N W. corner of East
Rtghteenth street and Sixth avenue. N- 100. by
,W 60. block- 1«4.. Clinton. East Oakland; $10QO. -
* Melanie J. Wright (Lnngley) or Millie Lanir
ley and Kirkham Wright to E. S. Angel. 1 lot
on PTC line of Seventh ' avenue. - 150 fiW-of East
Twelfth ntre«t. •: SW » 53 by - f SE ¦. 100. block 33,
CUnton.fKast Oskland; $10.,; : ;,., ,
W. T. and Aletta S. Tate to Walter G. Man
uel; all irlterest in lot on W line of Broadway,
164:8 S of Twenty-second,' S E0 by W 125, block
r>.'.- Wi!cox Place Tract. Oakland : « $10." ¦ .
• Stephen T.Grfge to Ethel . F. Gage >¦ (single),
lot on 8 Jlne'of Grand avenue or ; Boulevard
terrace. 390 E of Webster street. . S ¦: 107 by W
60." portion lot .16. Boulevard terrace, Oakland;
Annie and Paul C." Glud (by Isaac L. Requa
and » W. W. Garthwaite,- , ; trustees) . to Oakland
Bank of Savings., 671 D. 329, lot on W Hne of
Center street, 7.145 N of West Fourteenth, • N 30
by W 90, .block - 5S1, ' Peralta and Center street
lands, -Oakland.- trustee*'., deed:- $1112. • : .<
Nancy A. » and -E. Adams to Anna C. Peters,
lot 8. block 10. Herzo«r Tract. Oakland; $10.
- D. Fricot to Ellen E.' Glaze, lot on . E line
of Grand ; street; 80 S of San Antonio avenue.
S 70 by EJ73. Alameda. quitclaJm deed; $10.
¦ Ellen E. Glaze (Shelley) and Robert E. Glaze
to Marianne 'Woodslde, same, Alameda:. $10.
. Marie A. E. Bayerle to California Conference
of ' Seventh - Day Adventists fcOnJoritton).' 'lot
on ,W line of Verdi' street. 125 N of Santa Clara
avenue. N 1 50 by. W • 125.- block - 196,- Encinal
Park Tract, Alameda: $800. , .. .,
. -J.-.'6. : -Humphrey and Anita J. Humphrey
and as • attorney to - Dora A. Jones ' (wife of J.
O.),*lot on N • Jlne of Alameda avenue,' 210:4
E of Walnut street,. E 60 by N.150; $10. - .
Harriet A. and Delos Pratt to Stephen Fahy
(slnsle)', all • interest . In lot 55. , Forest Park
Tract. • Brooklyn Township: - $10. . . . ;. : ; •
Julia N. Pennoyer (by Albert A. Pennoyer.
attorney) to Halver Ellingson, all", intarestxin
lot' on S line of "Weston avenue, 100 W of Sllva
street. :W 60 by S 150,. block C. Broadway and
Telegraph-avenue Homestead," Oakland; $10; ' <
Cornelia i F. Brand to John F. Greaney, all
interest in lot on N. line of Isabella street.' 375
W. of San Pablo avenue. _.W 25 by:N 139:2U.
W half of lot 24,. Gunn Tract, Oakland; $10.
? W. J.' and. Lettie H. Baker to Helen A. Hoi
land (wife of . Peter), all - interest in lot on S
line of Weston^avenue or Thirty-eighth street.
30 E of Gold street, thence at. right angles. 120
by . E '. 70. - block C, -Broadway and Telegraph
Avenue .Homestead, Oakland; $10. -". ..'•'" ";• ; . -. -
¦Same to Mary Ccregrhino, lot 7. block N.rAn
drew . Jones' subdivision, Brooklyn Township;
grant. " ; " " :¦ '¦: " ' ' '-':,.'. - •
Andrew and Jane C. Jones to John T.* Gra
ham'(married), lots 90 and 91, : Elmhurst Park,
Brooklyn Township; $10. • , -
John C. and Charity L.' Rogers (by R. J. Mc-
Mullen :¦ and W.- C. Moody, trustees) to Stata
Savings Bank, .: lots - 2 to 4. - block 3, Dowling
Tract. Berkeley: $3000. -. ¦
John C. and Charity L. Rogers (by R. J.Mc-
Mullen and W. C. Moody, trustees) to . State
Savings Bank, lot on W line of Adeline street
231:4 S of Falrview. W 117:5 to point'160 E of
Regent-street Homestead, • S 36:05, E 10:05 N
40. ? block 2, property A, B. Dlxon at Alcatraz
Station, trustees' deed, Berkeley; $1730. .
Ellen Nelson to Mary Andrews (married),- lot
on E line of Fulton street, 135 S of Blake, S 45
by E 125. .block 1454. Berkeley property maps l
and 2, Blake Tract. -Berkeley; $10. ¦ :¦¦ ¦
E. J. Overend to II. Hummel en, all interest
in lot on NW corner of Sixth and Allston
streets, N 241, W 136. S 100, E 36. S 100, E 100,
block 106." Sisterna" Tract, Berkeley; $10.
Delia J. F. Wood (executrix of estate , of Wil
liam E. Brown) to William Hammond Jr., lot
on E line of Grand street,' 150 N from San
Antonio avenue, N 50 by E 138, block G, map
OaR Parlr. Alameda; $1560.
• William H., Wlgghiton E. and Clarence L,
Creed to Lucy Walliser (wife of Carl), all In
terest in lot on .W corner of Telegraph avenue
and Thirty-second street, S 40, W 100.02, N 40
to a point 100. 58. W from Telegraph avenue, E
10O.5S, block 2036, Rowland Tract, Oakland; $10.
Julian H.- Sleeper to Carl Doell. lot on NE
corner of Plymouth avenue and Andover
street, N 76:6, E 120, S 26 to N line of Plymouth
avenue, thence S to beginning, lot 97, Theo
logical Seminary Tract, Oakland; $215.
W. F. and Paula Williamson tojsame, same
Oakland ; $10. . ;
Carl and Lavina B. Doell to Leo L. Nichols,'
same, Oakland; $10. ' . .
Willis Carter to same, lot on S line of Pa
cific street. 199:3 W.from Campbell, S 100, W
150 to land of Central Pacific R. R.. thence
SB. along said land to point which would be
intersected by projection S of E line lot 11,
block 453. N along said line produced to S line
Pacific • street, •- W 25 to point of ! beginning,
block 455, Gibbons property, Oakland Point,
Oakland; also lot on E line of- Willow street,
.25 8 from Pacific, S 63:4%, SE 40:4^, E 35:8%,
N ,75, W 74:3. block 455, same; $10. . '
Willis Carter et at. (by M. W. Simpson, com
missioner) to Hibernla. Savings and Loan So
ciety, lot on E line of Willow street. 25- S
from Pacific," S 63:4%. SE 40:4%, E.35:6^.
N 75, W 7U, block 455. revised map of Gib
bons property at Oakland Point, Oakland;
$1795. •
Same to . same, lot on E line of • Telegraph
avenue, 61.88 S from Orchard street, S 32 by
E 100. portion lots 1 and 2. same ; . $10.
J. P. and Amanda R. Cogswell to Telfer
Christopher, lot on W line of Grove street. 50
N of Tenth, N 50 by W 100, block 147. Kellers
berger's Map, Oakland"; $10.
A. A. and Annie J. Moore to Charles A. and
Julia A. Clark, lot on the NE line of East
Sixteenth or Monroe streets. 405 NW Fruitvale
avenue, NW 40 by NE 158.5. block A, Chnrch
Tract, containing Risdon, Elwell and portion
Bray estates, Brooklyn Township; 10.
Meta' and Fred J. .Wilson, to Francis S.Rl
belro lot beginning at commencement . corner
lands of parties hereto, being NE corner of
property conveyed to second party, 275 D.r SSI,
being 100 NE Main street, NE 100 by NW 90,
Hay wards, Eden Township; $10.
Ellas and' Magdalen' Swapp . to J.- E. Thorn,
8 SS feet of lots 4, 5 and 6, .block 59. Southern
Addition to Llvermore. Murray Township; $S0O.
J. H. and Emma J. Mlddleton to J, M. Bart
lett,'' lot on E line of Telegraph avenue, 93.89
S from Orchard, street. S 31- by E 100, portion
lot 1, Armes Tract. Oakland; $10. > "
J. M. and Mary D. Bartlett to George W,
Reed, all interest in same; $10.
Same to J. H. Middleton, • lot on E line of
Telegraph avenue. 29.98 S from Orchard street,
S 32. by E 1C0, portion lots 2 and 3,. same; $10.
Alameda County.
Thomns B. Pearce.to Sara L. Hanson- (wife
of William E. Hanson, lots 31 and 32^ block IS.
lots'. 34 to- 37 block 33,'City Land. Associatioa;
$io,'..: -\.,-.-. ¦--;.-¦: - ¦- ¦ - ¦ ,-:.- - , . . . ..
. Orville D. and Millie E. '¦ Baldwin to George
D. ¦¦•Grayblll, lot on W line . of Larkin street,
62:S S of Jackson,-. S 2a by.W 87^: $18. ¦' i S
- ' City and County ¦ of * San Francisco to Levl
M. Kellogg, lot-on-N line" of Pacific, street,
50 W of Polk.- W: 25 by.N MO; ? .,' •- ;
• Sarah Jl Knox to Charies C. Strandberg, lot
on S, line, of ;Pine streei,' 250. E of Franklin,
E-2c\by. S 120; .$ia *' " ;. ';. ' -i '- ¦ ¦'<-'*'¦ J
James Dowline to Mary- A. Dowling. lot on
S Hoe of Qafc street; 60 E of Laguna, . E 23
by -8:120;' gift: : . -:,. -¦ ;. ';' •• -'
Martin Dale to Bertha Dale, lot. on. N line
of Grove street, 1 100 E ot Broderick, N 12u,
•E-12:67N'ir:«,'E 12:8;- S 137:6,' W 25, " quitclaim
/chn F. and Cecilia Brooke to Virginia F.
Aldrlch',;iot on H N line of Clay street, 62:2 L
of " Webster, «E 27:2 by N 102;. $10. : ' -
Stephen; A. and Mary L. Born ;. to Editn
Boden (wife of George. A.), lot on S' line of
Union street. 118:9 W of Fillmore, W 2a. by
S' 137 if;- $10. - ¦ .¦'¦¦ "-. ¦ -• ' - '" , ,
Jacob j B. and'' Eliza J. Schroyier to Daniel
Gallagher. lot on SE line of Kisllng- street,
I6S:9H SW of Eleventh,' SW 46, SE 80 t> NE.42,
NW'80- $lfl. ¦ - ¦'". ' • ' ' - '-'¦¦
B. P.'anAKate C. Oliver to Henry E. Bothin,
lot on S corner - at Colton strtet and Col ton
place. SW Sli4%"-by 'SB SO;- }10. ' ' ;¦ ;
-William T; and . Sarah E. . Martin to Helen-
Bios (wife of ; Joseph) and r Williani ¦¦ Hlckey
(mlnor), . lot on . E Hne ot Rondel place. 3S1
S of Sixteenth street, S 29. by E «3:2; $10.^
City and County, of San Francisco, to Emil
Streuben, lot on E line- of Alabama street.
104 S of Twentieth, 8 52 by. B 100; t — -¦:.
EJizabeth Neteoa to Mary L. Nelson; lot on
N line of Twenty-fourth street, 228:4 W^ of
Diamond, W,25:l() by N.1U; gift. .
Estate -Harriet N. Prescott (by Hattle D.
Merlthew (administratrix) -to C. L» Hasktu,
aU interest In lot' 2fl, block IL JuncUon Home
stead Association (N line of Valley street. 101:9
W of Douglass,' W 50:11 by N 114) ; Vh _
Grace E. or Emma G. Coates •to^' Flora. E.
Short . (wife of E. " N.). lot on SB corner of
Second and Minna streets, SE 30 by NE.M;
n Tnomas Kelly ' to George W. Merritt. slot ot
SE line bf Natoma- street, 100 SW of Second,
SW 20 by SB 80; $10; . , , i\
Addison l^ambeth; Minnie (or Minnie^J.)
Flsb, • Rebecca*, I>. .Marchandj- Mary Devllblss,
Anna D Boudreau (or Hannah Devilbiss).
Franh B. (or Frank or Barnette) January to
Gustave Harshall. lot on NE corner of Sixth
and Clementina streets. NE 80 byNW &>; $10.
A. K W. I*. Susan and Amanda E. Lam
beth to Addison Lambeth, all interest In same,
quitclaim deed; $10. - ;^.,- v -t
Estate of Milton Lambeth (by Addison Lam
beth and" James S. Brownell, executors) to Gus
tave Harshall. all interest in same; $24,450.* ,
Margaret E. temmermann 1 (wffe of William
H.) to John B-. Carson and Henry Mulvihill,
undivided third of undivided half, of following:
Beginning at E corner of Bryant and Clinton
streets, thence SE 75 by NE 25;' also lot on
SW line of Twenty-first: avenue, 225 NW from
I street, *NW 75 by SW 100, block 424. South
San Francisco Homestead arid Railroad Asso
ciation; also lot on SE line of Bryant street,
125 SW from Fourth, SW 50 by SE 85; also lot
on W corner, of Henrietta and »¦* Chapultepec
streets, SW 50 JtyNW 70, lots <196 and 197,
Cobb Tract; $10. - ...
John B. Carson and Henry Mulvihill to Mar
garet E. Lemmermann, undivided third ot un-.
divided half of same; $10. . x _
Margaret E. Lammermann to John B. Corson
and Henry MulvihiU, undivided half of lot on
SE line of Bryant street, 125 SW from Fourth,
SW 50 by SE 85: $10. . ' '„
Edwin and Ellen Lawrence to Harriet M.
Plummer (wife of W.'A.), lot on N line of M
street.'- 53 J E from Tenth avenue, E 25 by N
1C0; $10. •
City and County of San Francisco to Solomon
Getz and Frank R. Prince Jr. (by : Frank K.
Prince, giiardian), lot on SW corner of Eight
eenth avenue and O street, W.240, SE 206:9 v E
240:4, N 219:8; $—. .
Christian and Margaret Massen to Carl A.
Carlson, lot on N line of Fifteenth avenue. 250
W from R street (South) W.25 by N 200, block
294, CN. and H. Tract; $500. • ,
Henry and Maggie Will (by CW. Elfvlng,
commissioner) to California Title . Insurance
and Trust Company, lots 48 to 60, block. 19,
Sunnyside; $771-' : - "* - ,• *
Ilne'of Eighteenth streeC a 7S3."W. of Douglas, W
25 .by S 121,-Pioche and. Robinson Subdivision.
Market-street. Homestead.' Association;. $10. a
•..¦:v;.-\. ; . . - . . .. •- ¦ - . ¦ , . -¦; >¦¦/.. . - ¦ - ¦ ¦*.-"• . ¦ :. . - ¦ - ¦ :-; ...'_-,.-
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, USEPTKHBIiiR 13, 1901.
13
musical iarsTmj:tiE:vTs.
» A p?AJCoir ZA F °^ ~SNAiniUNTEES~
•! Eood upright, J&55; 1 better. JS5.
grands J175 £195.
• ,"J?2- £hts - Was. ?i55. tisa. os». jiss.
V,v!?i Con » ver ' Steinway. Weber, Vose. Curtaz
ORGANS'" 08 ' PCaSC - Standard - UU1 * used -
J^pon & Hamlin. very fine. $150.
*?% Pastnsnts. BENJ. CURTAZ & SON.
u SfJZW 1 Et ; Chlckerlng Agency.
i«,w» sq. fegt: largest and oldest piano house.
A ™ *^f ac ». Purchased of fcttjSltMAr*. C1>AY &
ke «chan K ed for a. new Sieinway
"» «»gci cr baby grand piano any time within
« j ears Irom date of purchase, and have full
JnA«t». ai ' 3wea - * C€W usriKfct cianoit. SJ per
inonth; some eood rlanos sold for Si. U and
Ft«£T r month. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO..
Meimtay dealers, corner Kearny and Fatter
"s- San Fnmcisto; corner Broadway and
Thirteenth Bt.. Oakland.
A b}f bl Ehet,t grades eoW by Heine Piano Co..
Tr^t aee f' ts f °r famous and oldest Air.ericaa
i-S ,•¦ to&FV* 1 * Hallet-Davis; great bar-
fuT 1 X^hJ'^ up: Stelnway. S1S3 up; Fischer.
l^S.*. . rkerin f- S1C3; 20 others, rents Si up;
ercat inducements to agents. 217 Geary st.
A T^Jy* 1 '^ failure to realize on account • of
"" ke has Placed two carloads cf high-grade
:' „ cs ! n ttoraee to be sold at Eastern fac-
TPiT SlSS : ii5£SSP*-* JUBlfl ">anos for a eong.
__W1LSOS. S STOItAGE. 170S .Market st-
°4-S.i/'f p< * cial P Ti<x " tale durinp the past
has b?rn a -most wonderful one. Many
P l e have been sar Pfised a*"* delighted with
>ne bargains we have given them. You may
n~ ve <ust £s good a chance if you' 11 come
now jind let us tell you the price and show
ycu the poods. Seeing is believjr.jr.
THE ZENO MAUVAIS MT'SIC CO..
_ 7C9 Market St..
AX*Y r-fano «=cid by us taken back any tim»
within S years end full purchase price al-
lowed on a new peerless Knabe at regular
price; costs you only 20c a cay to buy a piano
frctn up. KOHLKR C CHASE. 30 O"FarreIl
Ft. : established iSSO.
PIANOS— gteck, Everett, Harfiman, Packard,
Ludwis and others; 20 different factories rep-
o £ ?T t t a: ''no'esale and retail. THE WILE?
B. ALLEN CO.. Stt Market st. ««rp. Mason):
V~ Branch store. SSI .Broadway. Oakland.
ATTENTION. PIANO BUYERS^ ~~
Fchmer. Byrcn Mnuzy. Gabler. Lester. Harn-
_. Ilton and Sp'.elman pianos td be had new
CT)!y at BYRON MACZrS. S?S. 310. 312 Post.
!^-EiESSOX and 7 barerain TipriKhtE and
*>aoy srana. Fay's Piano Factory. 1729 Misfn.
GOOD second-hand p'.ano cheap for ca£h; no
dealers. SCHRODER. 105 Mason st.
LEFT 'en sale— Novella upright. ?37: Stelrm-ay
upright. $1G5. Room 3?, 217 Geary Et.
ABSOLUTE sacrifice— Fine large 3-pefial up-
right piano; leaving city. 770 O'Farrell st.
ETEIKTWAT. J2C0; Hartman. $100; elesant new
p.&nos. ti?C cp. TV. C. Hamilton. S Flood b'.dg.
ELEGANT Diano as good as r.«?w: standard
make; a sacrifice. Hornung'P 216 McAllister.
AT KEEFFTS. 22 Turk ft., near Market—
ghonlnger. Schubert and Ste!nway bargain!.
ITS AXD upward— Fine uprights. PIERCE'3
Piano Factory. Market. 14th and Church sts.
A SPECIAL for this weeK— UvO piano for $*75.
BRTJENN. 208 Pest et.
ELEGANT n*>w npriprht pianos for rent. S3 per
ma. ECOTT-CCRTAZ Piar.o Co.. 5C0 Hayes.
ETTPEHIOR violins, xlthers. old and new. H.
MX'LLKR. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
GOOD sArorid-hanfi upright fcr sale cheap.
Pr-HMTT7.. 16 MrAtlister ft.
OFFICES AAD STORES TO LET.
STORE to lot. fuitabie for barber shop and
<-i£S.r gtand: opp. S. P. depct. €98 Fourth Ft.
OIL.
OIL tanks. Hcond-hind. In good order: all
•it**; rhf»n. H. S. •WTTTT7C. £16 Mission St.
>* j.lFACTTCTsrA»P DECORATORS.
I nOOMS papered from $3 up: whitening dene.
Hartmann Paint Co.. 319 3d: tel. Red S321.
PALMISTRY. "~~
MR?. LAMB. scientiSc palmist; "head and face
rtfcginp: lessone given. €17 Jcnes st.
PHYSICIAXS AXD SURGEONS.
Et. C. C. C'DONNELL— Office and residence.
1021'.^ Market et., between Sixth and Seventh.
m. WONG HIM, herb doctor, successfully
treats all diseases of the human body; see
testimonials at office, 115-117 Mason, nr. Ellis.
A— DR. 1VONG WO, herb uoctor; sanitarium,
764-766 Clay St.; see testimonials at office. I
DR. XG TOY KEE, 210 Stockton St., opp.
Unlcn square; all diseases cured by herbs.
PEKSOXALS.
WANTED— A rich young lady who ls the only
child in family to wed a rich young man who
is also an only child. Box 137, Call.
ELECTRIC light in every room— Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third ct.. near Market; 7C0 rooms;
2Se to tl 50 per night; Jl 50 to J6 per week;
tree 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
II "WEEKLY— Suit* to order from genuine
Scotch. £15 up; fine dress suits. $20 up; ele-
gant overcoats. $15 up. LEON LEMOS 1117
Market St.. between Seventh and Eighth.
TURKISH baths & scientific massage given by
& Swedish nurse; ladies & gents. 234 Taylor
«C. ovt-r fruit store; hours 19 a. ra. to S p. m.
VHTTE enamel Iron beds, single, three-quarter
or double. $2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO.. 1310-1212 Stockton et..-near Broadway.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates- 10
years' experience. J. B. RAY. 437 Minna et.
A— If your hair ls falling or you are bald, call on
Dr.I.G. Moore. 822 O'Farrell; send for circular.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
electric needle. MISS EATON, H19 Sutter et.
'LADIES— Get free trial Dixon's Hair Remover;
permanent. SS Market; sample mailed 23c.
V OBESITT cured: no dieting; no weakening. THE
. - A' VIDA CO., 736 Valencia St.. bet. ISth and 15th.
DR. LAMOTTE'S French Corn Paint, the best
corn cure: 25c: all druggists.
ALFREDt'MS Egyptian Henna; restores gray
hair to Its natural color; $1; at all druggists.
TAILOR-MADE suits, $7 50; dress pants. $2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
OLD gold, silver, diamonds and precious stones
bought. J. R. JENKEL. S17 Market st
MASQUERADE cortumes. play books wiss;
country orders. GOLDSTK1N & CO.. 733 Mkt.
PLAXTXG AXD TURXIXG MILLS.
WOOD and Ivory Turning. Planing. Shaping
end Sawing. CARL F. HAAS. 95 Fremont at.
REAL ESTATE — CITY— FOR SALE.
$250—60x100, S. S. Twenty-sixth ave.. couth,
between L and M sts., south.
. $250— 60x100; N. S. Twenty-seventh ave.,
south, between L and M ets, south.
1125 each— 22:€xl20 each; 2 corners, block
S69, O. L.
JOOST. FISHES & CO., 137 Montgomery
Bt. Take elevator. * .
$£S»— TERMS to suit; handsomely decorated
Bunny 10-rocm residence; substantially built;
finished by day work; every possible late&t
lmpte.; heaters; 6 basins; plate and art glass
•windows; marine and park view; choicest of
any near panhandle; large lot, 26:6x53x100.
Apply Fulton St.. near Ehrader; Hayes or
McAllister street cars; open from 1 to 5 p. ra.
OWNERS cf property or lots north of Vai'.ejo
end west cf Hyds a* far as Preildlo ana in
Richmond, north cf Park, and Mission and
Homer's Addition, who want to sell, call en
, tv. 3. GUKN. Z3S California St.. S. F. £av-
\ ings Union building.
SIX teven and eight room cottages; also two
nat house* In block between 17th. 18th, Castro
end Noe rtt.: % cash, balance monthly pay-
ments; C*stro or Guerrero-£t. cars. F. SEL-
CON. builder. -.^v»-
IF you want to sell your real estate, city or
country, brins it to
THE PHELPS-LEWIS CO.,
7C2 Market gt.. S. F.
B.EAL ESTATE— -COUXTaY--Fop Sale
BPECIAL bargain— 160 acre* land, cear Tuba
City 6utter County, short distance from
MaryrvWe; all rich valley land under cultl-
\ation; eccd buildine* and well watered and
fenced; this land will be 6old la whole or In
nart at a very low price; also 140 acres, all
lifltier cultivstioni rich valley land; good
l>-i!disgs; well fenced; ehort distance t rom •
Yuba' City. Sutter County; will be sold in
whole or In part to suit purchaser, and at an
extremely low price. The tiro above pieces
ere «itua.ted in the heart of the fruit grcw-
'ng d'.strict of Northern California and rhouH
i*> eeen to be appreciated. If contemplating
nuThaserB will address box <3S0, Call office,
for Information a bargain W,!I be given.
jrOR F£l<" dieap — 10 crfr-.. well fenced; lias on It
4(*» FrrTvh. SO Imr»«?riK.! prune tr«w. 2 years
old; good 4-room cottage; good well, stable;
chicken heu£C3 ond everything - complete to
move In; al(=o 12 acres with^f-mall house, large
barn. a. neier-taiiins spring- of the best kind
<t f water: these 2 placr.* are 40 miles Irom San
Francisco, n?ar good R. R. town, in Santa
Clara Co.. and within 5 minuter' walk o! pub-
Itf school; no 1>ctW place in the: country for
f--nit or cfclcken raising: will be eold \ - cry
cheap. -Ajt^'y to Owner. 744 Kt/m-th gt.. fi. V.
'. j. r ojVfiALE NEAIMSAN KKANCISCO
email tract*, J60 to W) prr acre, en Itancho
Cotaii. Sonoma «:c: future value assured, at
E«n Krsnci*co in growing rapidly; location
tw-rt tcr poultry *nd 0en*rsJ running. Apply
\*o" Th« Cctatl Co.. Ztt California tt., tcr pam*
'phlcts or information. '
HOG ranch to ex^bsng-* for city property, Par-
ticulars apply J2Vathc tt., eff Crescent ave.
REAL L.STATE — -COCXTRT— For Sale '
1150— SETTLERS located 05 160 acres .fine red-
wood Umber claims, near ocean; delightful
homes or resorts; worth $2000. Box 23, Clover-
dale. Cal. ., . ' . ; .
8SO0— IMPROVED foothill farm. 2C4 acres: El
Dorado County, near R. R. Box 222, Call.
CHOICE fsrm bargains: call or wnd' for list.'
Wooster. Whitton & Montgomery. 634 Market.
POULTRY and dairy ranches for sale: write for
free list. C. R. TflNFIELD. Petaluma. Cal.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ISSTATE.
liAF.GAINS: Improved & unimproved property
acquired *>v foreclosure: '¦£ cash. Bank of Ala.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
$2000 — NEW 6-room cottage; fine mantle and
sideboard, porcelain bath, tiled sink, station-
ary tubs, tinted walls, - gas fixtures, water
and sewer all connected; one block to train
aiui electric cars: $200, balance $20 per month.
W. C. MORAN & CO.,
Lorin Station,
Schmidt Block,
Berkeley, Cal.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BKOADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
$2300— A BANK sale; brand new, colonial style
8-reom cottace, with porcelain bath; larse
bathroom and everything first class in every
respect; lot about £0x150 feet; sunny front-
age; close to electric line in Piedmont; house
alone cost J3000 to build and is insured for
$2250; easy plan of payments will be ac-
cepted; look into this at once.
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO.,
Exclusive Agents for this property,
1008 Broadway, Oakland.
HOUSES of every description and price fov J
sale or rent. Apply to "W. E. BARNARD, I
111S Broadway: telephone Main 10. 1
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
AK introduction to you from H. Sehellhaas. tho
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
ROOMS FOR, HOUSEKEEPING.
CLAY, 1026 — 4 nice rooms; bath; all conveni-
ences for housekeeping; ?13.
FULTON, 12C6,. near Scott— 3 sunny unfurnished
rooms, bath,, laundry; reference.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 1404— Sunny front room
and kitchen; reasonable.
HAIGHT, 232— Five sunny unfurnished house-
keeping rooms; must be seen to be appre-
ciated ; reasonable.
HOWARD, 72S — 2 housekeeping: rooms; also
double room and front room.
MCALLISTER, 53&-Xlcely furnished parlor
EUite; sink, gas range, bath, laundry.
MISSION, 1427B— Housekeeping rooms, with
bath.
OAK. 113 — Two very 6unny rooms; range,
yard, bath, hot and cold water, 2, beds; $14.
POLK, 1002 — 3 and S room suites, completely
furnished for housekeeping; cheap; reference.
SIXTH, 242—2 and 3 housekeeping rooms; also
other rooms. , '
SOUTH PARK, 159— Sunny suite of rooms com-
plete for housekeeping; also single room. ¦
STOCKTON. 1307— Nicely furnished rooms for
housekeeping; rent cheap.
TURK, 525— Snlar flats, fine, new, Chicago
style; 3 and 5 room suites for housekeeping-;
unfurnished and furnished; elec, hot water.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received" at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore st. I
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
Eubscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia St.
ROOMS TO LET — Fnrn. and Unfarn.
AHLBORN HOTEL, 821 Grant ave.— Best *1 a
day family hotel in city; polite attendance;
large rooms. 50c up; meals. 25c; free coach.
A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE. MS Sixth— Rooms.
SSc to $1 per night; $1 23 to ta per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
ARGTLE, 234 McAllister— New, elegant, sunny:
grill attached: country visitors find no place
like the Argyle; take McAUister-st. cars.
ALDINE. 404 Turk— Sunny corner room; 2 bay
windows; -suitable I- or 2 gents.'* . " — * r *
AT Shasta House. 24S Third— 200 rooms; newly
renovated; 25c to 75c. Jl to $3 week.
BACHELOR Hotel. 18 Mason st.— 100 newly fur-
nished rooms, $1 SO per week up; elevator,
electric lights in every room, return call bells;
first-class: quiet; central.
BURNETT, 1426 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
cished ra;.. eultes. single-, also unfurnished.
CALIFORNIA. 1242— An elegant sunny parlor
suite; bay-window: cas fireplace; every con-
venience; finest location; private family;
gentlemen preferred.
CLAY, 933, near Powell, third flat— 2 nice front
rooms; good view of bay; couple gentlemen;
German family."
CLIFFORD. 3)4 Ellis, corner Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms: prices reasonable.
EDDY, 210— Newly furnished single and double
rooms, $6 up; central location.
GEARY, 405. The Navarre— Elegantly furnished
suites and single; travelers accommodated.
GEARY. 1137. bet. Van Ness & Franklin— Newly
turn, sunny rooms, en' suite or single; bath.
HARRISON. 784V4, near 4th— Finely furnished
rooms; bath; all conveniences; homelike; Jl
week up.
HOTEL ST. DENIS (European plan), 24 Turk
St.. near Market— Central location; new bulld-
, Ing; elegantly furnished; strictly first-class;
EOc per day and upward; special rates by the
week or month; best in the%city: references;
take Market-st. cable cars to Turk et.'
MARKET. 1015 (New Arlington)— Nicely fur-
nished rooms, $2 a week up; 35c a day up.
MARTINET, 1101 Geary, one door above Van
Ness— Suites new fur.; single rooms. $10 up.
MASON, 107— Sunny front rooms; newly fur-
, nished; also housekeeping rooms.
O'FARRELL, 20 — Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; elec. lights; day, week, ' mo.
RAUSCH. ISA— 2 unfurnished rooms and hall,
newly painted and papered; rent $5.
ROYAL House, 126 Elll*— Incandescent light;
. reading-room, Emokln?-room and ladles' par-
lor; rooms, per night, 35c to $1 50; week, $2 to
SE; month. ?8 to $20; elevator on ground floor;
rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth Bt,
cear Market— Furnished or unfurnished.
STOCKTON. S32— Nice sunny clean suites and
e ingle rms.: run. water; baths; phone; cheap.
THE BERLIN^ £38 Kearny-Elegant suites;
single rooms; running water; transient.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 FU'znore St.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
Eubscriptions has been .'established at 1096
Valencia Et. ¦ ..."-.-:.¦¦..¦.
~ ROOMS AXD BOARD.
BUSH, 1220— Furnished or. unfurnished rooms,
with or .without board; private family.
California. 807 — Stevenson mansion; select fam-
ily hotel; exceptional table; attractive rooms.
FIFTH. 113. top flat— Nicely furnished rooms
with beard ; S3 per week.
EDDY. S26 — Newiy furnished rooms with board;
pleasant; reasonable.
THE Crocker, 815 Leavenworth— Fine sunny
rooms, single and en suite; beautiful grounds.
O'FARRELL. 60S (Johnson House) — Sunny con-
servatory suite; .splendid for gents; board.
PINE. 793— Lovely sunny rooms; excellent
board; $20 to $35 per month. .
HOTEL Repelier. J81 Sntter— Newly furnished;
excellent table; special rates to tourists. -¦
ROOH5 AXD HOARD WANTED.
LADY wishes pleasant. eunny room, . wltn '
board, east of Larkin, south of Bush. Ad-
drcss Box 112, Call office.
TWO or three rooms; unfurnished, except car-
pets; board; couple; north Market. Box 177,
Call office. . - . ¦ . ¦ ¦
TWO unfurnished rooms; young couple; board
optional. Address box 302, Call office,
•— *~ » — — »— »— — — —^— —^»^——
ROOMS WASTED.
BY Friday— Three ' furnished rooms, complete
for housekepplng; gas, , hath and phone; not
to exci»Ad S15; central. -Box 264. Call. .- .
SPECIAL XOTICES,;
BAD tenants ejected for 14; collections made:
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 415 Montgomery st-.^rooms 9-10; tel, B580.
DISEASES and aliments of men treated; con-
KultaUon free. American Dispensary,' BM Pine,
SISWIXG .MACIIIMSS AJVD SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, «ol<l, rented, exchanged; T<f
pairing; lowest rat—. Tel. Black 1124, 205 4th.-
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
pairing; lowest rst/uipSMm 3iint 45. 143 6th.
STORAGE AXD WAREHOCSES. _
PIERCE-RODOLPiT^torage^nd^ Moving~CoTI
office Poet and Powell sts.; tei: Main 5713.
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse. S4» Mis-
sion st. ; tcl. Howard 9«. F. W. ZEHFOSS.
BEKINS,Van and Storage Co.,. 723 Mission st.;
tel. Main 1840; shipping at cut rates.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Fillmore St.; phone Jackson 281.
.TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES.
GREAT^ARGAINS~j5T TYP^w3uTEIiS^-\Ve
sell better machines for less money than any
house in the city; rentals. 53. .The Typewriter
Exchange. 538 California; telephone Main 2S6.
TYPEWRITERS, 2d-hand, all makes, at low
figures. L. & M. ALEXANDER, lift Montg'y.
HARTFORD typewriters; new. ?eO: anti-trust;
all makes; used machines $10 up. 209 Sansome.
. DIVIDEXD SOTICES.
HUTCHIXSON~SUG AR~PLANTAt10N CoT^
Dividend notice— Dividend No. 95 (twelve and
one-half cents per phare) will be payable at
the office of* the company,, 327 Market «t.. on
and after Friday. September 20, 1901.' Trans-
fer books clote Saturdaj'. September 14, 1901,
at 12 o'clock ro. H. W. THOMAS, Sec.
MABRIAGE LICENSES.
The followins marriage licenses were issued
yesterday: . :
John E. Wilson, 24, 3 Fulton street, and
Anna Larson,. 25, Oakland. ¦ • ..
Victor Robin, 25, West Berkeley, and Oc-
tavie Grialou, 35,. West Berkeley.
Sperar.dio Giudicl, 23, Occidental, Cal., and
Saniina Gonnella. 17, San Rafael. , ,
Christian F. Kimball. 24, 1412 Kansas street,
and Jjer.ora. M. Relmers, 22, 808 Connecticut st.
Barnaby B. "Downs. 27, 21 Grant avenue, and
Gertrude Wollschlaeger, 30, St- Paul." Minn.
Gottlieb Williams, 34, Boston. Mass., and
Carrie M. Johnson, 21, Yutan, Nebr.-'
Desiderio Ollvo. 23, 730 Vallejo street, and
Frances Lawlor, 22, 49 Jessie street. • '.
Charles Rommel Jr., 33, 641 Bash street, and
Blanche David&on. 21. 2813 Mis3ion street. • 2
Justin Lacaze, 21; 829 Sutter street, and Mar-
guerite Nicolas, IS, S29 Sutter street. ,
Fred Lauener, 52, Sorona, and Fronla L.
Newman, 42, city.
Albert D. CoturrI, 23, 608 Guerrero street, and
Salome R. Martinelli. 21. 514 Filbert street.
James H. Smith, 34, 1616 Grove street, and
Elizabeth C. Llllla, 23, 1S26 Post street.
Robert A. Miller, 21, 1623 Turk street, and
Rose A. McCaffery, 21, 260 Locust avenue. !
Randall P. Bradford, 37, Portland, Or., and
Ella N. Hanna, 39, Portland, Or.
Robert F. Gardner, 27, Vallejo, and Martha
A. Penland, 22. Vallejo. .:
Chuns Kai, 35. 732 Pacific street, and Nam
Yuk. 24. 732 Pacific s'treet.- - ¦¦¦
BIRTHS— MARRI&6ES— DEATHS,
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be Inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BOEN.
BELLMER— In this city, to the wife of John
Bellmer, a daushter.
BERGSTROM— In this city, September 11, 1901,
to the wife -of J. E. Bergstrom, a son.
ETTINGER— To the wife of Max C? Ettlnger,
a son.
PHELAN— In Stockton. September 7. 190L to
the wife of S. F. Phelan, a daughter.
VAN EVERY— In Oakland. September 9, 1901,
tothe wife of O. Van Every (nee Joiner), a
son.
WALTERS— In South San Francisco, August
30, 1901, to the wife of William Walters, a
daughter. • . -
MARRIED.
FREXCH— BANNISTER— In this city, Septem-
ber 8, 1901, by the Rev. Clarence T. Wilson,
George W. French and May R. Bannister,
both of San Francisco.
RILEY— SHAAT— In this city, September 11,
1901, by. the Rev. F. A. Doane, Thomas H.
RSley and Georgia Shaat, both of . San Fran-
cisco. '„
ROSIER— SELLS— In Sacramento. September 5,
1901, C. Rosier and Mrs. Nellie Sells, both of
San Francisco.
SMITH— FERRER— In this city, September 11,
1901, by the Rev. Philip Coombe. George San-
ford Smith of San Francisco and -Mercedes
Ferrer of New York City. "
DIED. 7~ '
Amaya, Tlllie " " Kelley, Mary J. V
Bedford, Edmond H. Kleiber. : Emma • '
Brady. Bessie A. Lessman, 'Amelia
Brauer. Henry J., Lynch. Johanna .
Brown. Napoleon McGuire, Margaret
Dott, Mazle A- Murphy, Thomas F^'
Flick. Carl W. O'Connell. . Helen •
Gerding. Lizetta Peguillan, Cecilia
Habenicht. Fritz Ploss. John A. '
Hein. Mr*. Ann B. Shea. William
Hoffman. Rachael Smith. Susan E.
Horton. Rena G. Strandberg. Oscar
Johnson. Olif Street. Irwin S. ¦¦
Jonta, Margaret . Van Amringe, John
Keck. Susie "
AMAYA— In this city. September 11, 1901, Tll-
lie, beloved sister of Daniel. David and Ar-
thur Amaya, a native of Santa Cruz, Cal.,
aged 25 years. (Santa Cruz, Cal., papers
please copy.)
BEDFORD— In this city. September 12. 1901,
Edmond Henry Bedford, beloved fattier of
Raymond Edmond Bedford, a native of Lon-
don, England, aged 48 years 6 months and
21 days.
BRADY— In this city, September 12, 1901, Bes-
sie A., infant daughter of Philip' F. and Nel-
lie Brady, & native of San Francisco, aged
Z months and 16 days. . j
E^The funeral will take place to-day
(Friday),., at 2 o'clock, from the residence of
her parents. 3720 Seventeenth street. Inter-
ment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
BRAUER— In this city. September 12, 1901,
Henry J., dearly beloved husband of Anna
Brauer, father of. Annie, Henry, Eddie, Amy
and Freddie Brauer, and son of Mrs. Anna
Brauer, . a native of San Francisco, axed 42
years and 1 day.
ICT'Frlend* and acquaintances are respect-
¦ fully invited to attend the funeral Sunday,
September 15, at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1612 Eddy street, between Stelner and
Pierce. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
BROWN— In this city, September 12, 1901,
Napoleon Brown, ¦ beloved brother • of Mrs.
Virginia Taylor, a native of New Orleans,
aced 60 years.
ET Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
the ¦ California Undertaking Company, 405
Powell street, near Post. Interment Laurel
Hill Cemetery.
DOTT— In this city. September 12. 1901, Mazle
Agnes, dearly beloved daughter of James
and Mary Dott, and sister df James A. Dott,
a native of Mil ford. Conn., aged 17 years 6
months and 27 days. . . .
(cyFrlends .and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 1 o'clock, from the residence
of her parents, 772 Bryant street, thence to
First U. P. Church, corner Golden Gate. ave-
nue and Polk street, at 1:30 o'clock. Inter-
ment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
FLICK— In Santa Rosa, P. I., July 3, 1901,
" Carl W. Flick (First Sergeant Battery O,
Third Artillery. U. S. A.), beloved husband
of Minnie E. Flick, a native of Stuttgart,
Germany, aged 31 years 11 months and -29
days. . " ¦ . ¦ ,- . --.'.-<..:
CyFrienda and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors of
H. F. Suhr & Co., 1137 Mission street, thence
to the chapel at the Presidio, where services
will be held, commencing _ at 2 o'clock. In-
terment National Cemetery, Presidio,., i
GERDING— In this city, September 11, 1901,
Lizetta GerdlnK, dearly beloved wife of the
late Henry Gerding, and beloved mother of
Henry J. Gerding, Mrs. H. Partmann, - Mrs.
B. Salmon, Mrs.- W. Desmond. Mrs. Jere-.
rniah Lucy and Mrs. L. Hardenberg, ' a na-
tive of Hanover. Germany, aged 64 years and
18 days. A member of the Third Order of St.
Francis and Christliche Mutter Verein. . .
ETFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Friday), at 8 o'clock, from the parlors of
the Gantner & Guntz Undertaking Company,
1209 Mission street, thence to St. Boniface's
Church, Golden Gate avenue, near Jones.
"street, where a solemn requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing ' at 8:15 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery. ' . ,..•¦¦-
HABENICHT— In Nevada. City, August 18, 1901,
Fritz Habenicht, ¦ beloved brother of Mrs.
-Charles Friedman, Mrs. Martin Weigmann
and Julius Habenicht, a native of Hamburg,
Germany. .'¦'"¦-:.¦- . - •' ¦ .¦ _^_-£_
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
- (Successor to Flannagan & Gallagher.)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
20 Fifth st.. opposite . Lincoln . School.
, Telephone South SO.
Mt. Olivet Cemetery,
"Ban Mateo County.
OFFICE 916 MARKET, STREET.
J. HENDERSON. Manager.
UNITED UNDERTAKERS,
27 and 29 Fifth st. ' Tel. South 187. • • -
FtTHEBAV DIRECTORS , AND. EKBALHEBS. t
Finest Equipment ' at Moderate Rate's'.--
JAMBS McGINN, .
Formerly with McGinn Bros., ' has opened
new Funeral Parlor* at 214 Eddy st bet
Taylor and Jones. Telephone South '678.. -*.
NEW FIRM OF UNDERTAKERS. -
Eamuel McFaAdien, 18 years manager tor
the United . Undertakers' Association; • M.
J. McBreartr, with the came company for
JO years; !k, F. Green, . Ut* with J. C.
O'Connoi" «t: Co., have opened new Funeral
Parlor* A* 1171 MlMlon street,' between Eev-
tnth tu»s Eighth. • Telephone • South 44. .
RAILWAY TEAVEE:
SOUTHERN PAdPIC. ,
Trains (oh ve itnil uoitno (u iurli» »t
~ NAN KllA.tit:i.<*C4>.
(Main Line, Foot of JIarket Street) .
'tJAYK - .— " FCOM JCLT It 1901. .— ARR1T»
~ ;OO a Benida. Suisuu. Elmlra and Sacra-
memo.... .......... ' 6-S-ir
7:00a Vacitille, WicttH, Ramsey 7:30y
«:3i>a JVJartii.eriSnultuaiou.Vivlicjo. >*»r*, - •
Calictoga and Hanta ltosa ' U:23?
- 8:0«a Darts, Woodland, Kuigtits Landing, °
. Atwiifil!*, Uio.illa.. 7:Mf
8:00* A tlantio Kzpress— Ogdeu and East 13:35p
»:(»«* Kiles. LUhror. Stockton 7i'2*r
»:0OaNU«i, Mendou, Hanford. ViaalU,
rorterrUle.^^.^.... 4:35#
S:SOa ShuU Express— Dat 13. Williams (for ¦ ' v»- - •
Bartlett Sprint;*), Willows, Kctl
-" : Bluff. PartJiiMF.. ;..;..-......:.. 7:33*
SiSOl Sau Juse,' lirenoore, .Stusktoji,
¦ lone, Saoraiiicuti). PIa«rt Ills, ¦
.* ' ¦- Mi«nii»li:e. Chfco, Ke.l Ululf 4:25*
S>SOA Oakdale. Chinese (YcseialK). 80- ¦ >'
nor*. Carters...... 4:23?
0:OO*. Haiwacd. JN'ilrg sod Way Statlooi.. 1 1 :S.> i
•sOOAVtOeio «. 12:23?
U t« » a Los Ansele3 Exprsis — MaiMnex,
Tracy, L*thrap. Stocktou. Merced
, ' TreMio »ik1 La» Aiwoien ... liVSr
9:»»i Tatieju. M&zliimauiU W*y Stations ?>»»r
1«:O« a Th« Orerlana Limited— Ogdeo, Dea-
der, Omaha. Chicago 6>53»
flsOOp 9acr:unento Kl»er 3u>»men» fSiOWA.
3:3<>r Uqvmd, Nil--. «bU VI %t Skatioos.. T:33 r
*<t»«»r JUeulcla, Winters.- rt»cr»meuto. >
•Wooillar.d. KntzUti lauding. -''¦..
' ll»rj»tllle, Oro»Hle 10:03a
4:ltOr Martitiw, Han lUiuou, Vallejo,
' - - Nairn, (Mintn^u. S»nt» Kota ' BiSS*
4:00p Nile*, LWennoxa. Stockton. Lodl... I2.Mt
4:in»r Hajrward. tillo*. Sau.loBc. livtrmora tSi»3A
" 4t30p Fort Costa. Tracy, Lathrop, Stockton 1«:25a.
3:VOrThe Owt Mmited— Viesuo, Tulare,
Bdkerslleld. haiiijng for Hiuta liU'
bars, Lo» Anzelea... ..^..... «:33a
S:OOr Martin* z. Antioch, Stockton, Mer-
ced. Fresno 1S:39t
3:0«p Toaemits „..; 1«j»3»
5;30f New Orleans Express— Mendota,
' . . . - Fresno, Balwrsaeid, Los Aneeles,
' ' - Btmlag. El Faco. Kew Orleans
and East 7:39*
OtAOr BsTwaxd, Bile* and Sau Jose 7iOA*.
td:O«r Vallejo M»234
8 iOOr Oriental irall-OsdeD, Ctieyenne. '
Omaha, Chicago 13s25f
•:OOv Odeotal Mail— Ogdeo, Donter.
Bt. Louis. Chicago. 4:*3l>
7»00r Otegriii anit Calif<(rnia Bxi'r»»», Smo- -
rtuiientrr, MarysTiHe, JUxUiug. !
Forbluml. Tiigek Hound anil Kaak 8:331
BiOSrSan Pablo, Port Costa. Maitines
andVVa»auaoua . 11i«3a
tStOap Vallejo... „ 7iS*».
- COAST LINE (3arr«ir Ca«s«^
¦ • (FoototMUrkstatraei.) ' .;
J7:43a Santa Cruz Excursion to iaaia Crui
aad Principal yfaj SUtioas. . _ .. . Ji:O3»
8:13a Nawnk,CentetTilIe,«au Jo*o,Felttn.
Uoiilder Creelr.S tn t a Okuz sad Way
8b»Uoii».™..-....;.........^.... .8iS0#
tail 3r Kawart Caiit««lll». BttiJm, Ji»»
Alxuadeu. Fslton, UouTder Creek,
8a«ta Craz and, Principal W»f
Statioua JO18OA
4:13r Newark, San Jam, I.c»Gitoi. ...... fSjao*
a«:13rGlen3roo<lBonIderCroet.SantaCra2 «S;3Oa
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY,
rrom SIS I3AJCISC0— »oov of JUrkut Street (Slip 8)—
t7:15 U:00i.¥. 1:03 2:00 i:\lfM.
rrimOAIUKB— r«la!Bi.»dwij.— tii ; oa td.00 f3:03
- 10:00 1.». IZ.iZ g.CO «:Car.M.
COAST MNE (BromH «a« S e).
' (Third and lowiwetni SUl) ¦
Gtio* Saa Jo»o and Way atitions.. ...... . SsUOa
«au Jos* lunl Way Sjtiitluns......... " I>%»r
/7:«>»A New Abuadeii / *slO»
{7:30a Sunday Excursion for Saa Je»».
Santa Craz. P^eiflc Gxore and
- ?rincipal Way Stations. tSt30»
•tOOAKau Jose, HoUtater. Maata Vttn.
Pacific tJroYe. Salin3». San Luil
Obispa 8»at» Baibaia and Fria-
cipailutennedUteHuttiui* 7:30y
10:30a Ban Jcee and Way Stations.. 6:30*
1 izStBA Han Jose ami \T»7 Statious 8«U0r
t»: iftp San Jlateo, Itedweod, Menlo Park.
Fain Alto, Hanta Ctaza. San Jose.
HoDister, SauU Cruz. Salinas,
Maiiterej and 1'seillc *linia. ttO»3A
XiXap SsnJoae, Ties Finos. 9aut» Cnz,
Fadfic Grove and Way Stations *:1»»
ti:I5r Sau Joeoaii.t Principal Way Stations Os-iSi
ISiQOr San Jose, Los Gatos and Principal
WaySUtions fOHJO*
¦ 5::t»pSaii.Iow»amlPriiictnal Way .SUttoiis SsSSa
61OOP Bedvocd. San Jos^. GllTuy. 8aJioas,
Santa Barbara. Lo» Angeles IOsOSa -
«:at»p San Jose ami Way Station* t*««»»*
« U -.45 p San Joe ana Way Stations 7:3Oy
A for Mor ui 1 1 j. P for A f ter uooa.
t Sunday eieeated. - 2 Siuidny only,
tt Saturday only. •Monday. . _
« 3*tuiday aai Sunday^ / Tuesdays and Jrlizy*.
CALIFORNIA NOSTBWESTESN RY. CO.
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon F«rry. J-oqt of Martttt Sfc '
San Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DAYS— 7:30, 9:00. H:0» a. m. : . 12:33.
3:30. S:10. B:30 v- m. Thursdays— Extra trip
'at 11:30 d. m. Saturdays— extra trips at 1:50
and 11:30 p. m.
SUN'I>AYS-8:<M>. 9:30. ll:C0 a. m.; l:SO. 3:30,
5:00, S:20 p. m.
San Rafael to San Francisco.
: WEEK DAYS— «:19, 7:30. 9:20, 11:10 a. m.; 12:45.
' 3.40, 5:15 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:55
and 6:35 j>. m. ¦
SUNOAYS— SO0. 9:40, 11:10 a. m.; 1:40, 3:40.
5:05. 6:?5 p. m.
Leave I In Effect I Arrive -
San Francfaco. [April 23. 1301. [ San Francisco.
Week 1 Sun- I 1 Sun- I Week'
Days. I days, t Destination. [ days. | Days.
7:30 am 8:00 am Novato, 10:43 am 8:40 am
3:30 pm S :30 am Petaluma. 6:05 pm 10:25 am
5:l»pm| 5:00 pm Santa, Rosa. 735 pm g:*0 pm
Fulton.
7:30 am Windsor. . 10:25 am
5:C0 pm Healdsburs, 10:40 am
Lytton.
Geyservllle,
3:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:35 pm 8:30 pm
"7:30. ami 5:00 pm [ Hopland 110:40 amlW^S am,
8:30 pm| 8:00 ami and Uklah. I 7:35 pm| 6:20 pm
7:30 am ~ ~ 10:40 am 10:25 am
8:00 am Guerneville. 7:35 pm
3:30 pm 5:00 pm ; <:80 pm
7:30 am S:00am Sonoma 9:13 ami 8:40 am
and [
5:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. 6:05 pm| 6:20 pm
7:30 ami 8:00 amj ¦ 110:40 amllO^am
, 3:30 pm[ 5:C0 pm[ Sebastopol. I 7:35 pm| 6:20 pm
' Stages connect at Santi Rosa, for Mark West
Spring and White Sulphur Springs: at Fulton
for Altniria; at Lytton for Lytton Springs: at
Geyservllle for Skags» Springs: at Cloverdal»
for the Geysers: at Hopland for Duncan
: Springs. Highland SDrlnea, Kelseyville. Garls-
; bad Springs. Soda . Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
: Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga
Springs, Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. "Witter
Springs. Upper Lake, Porno, Potter. Valley,
John Day's, Riverside. Llerley'a. Bueknell's.
• Sanbedrin - Heights. Hullvttle. Orr's 1 Hot
Sprinss. Mendocino City, Fort Bragg. West-
port Usal. Willlts. Laytonville. Cummins.
t Bell's Springs. Harris, Olsen's, Dyer, Scotia
a Saturday to Monday round- trip tickets at re-
duecd rates. ¦
On Sundays round-trto tickets to all. potats
beyond San Rafael at half rates. . \
Ticket office, 650 Market street." Chronlcl* *
buildins- . .j .^.'.'¦'^j:
H. C. "WHITING. . R. X. RTAJiT, '
Gen. Manager. • Gen. Pass Agt. •¦
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausallto Ferry.
Commencing April 23, ' 19(0. '. !"-¦
FROM SAM FRANCISCO TO MILT* VAXiLET
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS-6:55, 8:30. »9:30. U «. m^
13:45, n:45, 3:15, 4:15. 5:13, *$:1S, 6:15 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS-For MiH Valley and Saa
Rafael on Mondays. . Wednesdays, Saturdays .
and Sundays 'at 9:30 and 11:40 p. in.
SUNDAYS— 7:00. 8:00. •9:00.' .•10:0O.'.U.-O0| > 11:30
a.' m., 12:45. »1:39. 2:30. *3:45, B:00, S.UO. - 7:39
p. m. 11:00 a. m> does not run to Saa Rafael
Sundays. ¦ ¦• ' « '. ¦' . " -
- Trains marked (*> run to San Quentts.
FROM SAN RAFAEI* TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— *5:25, 6:27, 7:47. 8:33. 10:15
a m.. 12:25. 1:13. 2:20. *3.-33. 4:40. 5:30 p. n.
: EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays -
and Saturdays at 6:43 and 10:00 p. m. • -
SUNDAYS— «:15. •8:00. 9:45. »H:0O a. ra.; *I3
m.. 1:00. 2:15, »3:20. 4:30. »S:G. 6:45, 7:30. 10:10
p ."m. ... *.-.-¦¦,.-%>, ,s <'-
Trains marked (•) start from San Quentin.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO -S AST FRANCISCO
WEEK DAYS— 5:43. 6:35, 7:53. 8:53. 10:33
8,-m- 12:35. IMS. 3:45. 8:50, 5:10. 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, . We<Jnesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS- «:35. 8:00, 10:05. 11:10 a. ta.. 12:13,
1:20 2:30. 3:45. 5:00. 8:15, 7:15. 10:30 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS. • -
6:55 a. m. •week days— Cazadero and way sta-
tions. . . . '• „•« 'S
3:15 p. m. Saturdays— Casadaro and way sta-
tions. . ¦ ¦ ¦ • --"¦ ¦>'-¦' --.-•.
S:OC a. m. Sundays— Cazadero and way sta-
tions. "-¦ ¦•' •• ¦ '• -"•• ¦ • . ' ' • ' ¦
10 a. m. Sundays— Point Beyes and way sta*
tlons. • ¦ •¦ ¦ ¦ . . -
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
,'-.,-. .TlsgHMttiarmy— r«x •/ If ukM St. - :¦ -
.....WEEK DAYS figj-JJ-
&10OA.HA - , 13:15 P.M.
10M a." K.'l ' ¦ «rr»jr»A v* - '^ '. U.
' 11 A. M *•"•"*** 4 JO I* K.
¦ . r»«! Sts Tnt*— * Siaait tat tsrara. |i.4«
Ticket Offlcoi.621 Market St.. ftSansalitoKerrr,
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
629 HEAHXY ST. KsUbllshfHl
In IS34 for the Irestmeat nt Prtrut*
Dbteues. Lost Mantxmd. Debility or ¦
dl**as* wearinxnn body and mind »"<i
Sklo Diseases. Tt»« Doctor cnresw»i«n
others fall. Try him. I'har^es low.
Vurt-m tzunmnt+rii. C»ltorwrU%
Dr. J. *". «>IU11OA. «tu i'maolaco. C«t' '_ ¦
RAILWAY TSAVEL.
Santa Fe Trains \
- Leave Market-street : Ferry Depot. : -..
. Local Lim'd Ovri'd. Local
; ',» ' ', Daily "• Dally Daily :
Xv. San Fran T:Ma 9:00 a 8:00 p 4:20 p
Ar. Stockton. 10:18 a 11:45 a 11:10 p 7:18 p j
" Merced.... 12:22 p 1:17 p 1:19 a 9:11 p>
"Fresno.... 2:05 p 2:33 p 3:05 a 10:50 p '
".Hanford.. 3:12 p 3:27 p 7:08 a
" ! Visalla.... 2:40 p ........ 4:48 a ........
"-Bakrsfleld 6:15 p 5:2Op 7:30a .;
..•"* Kan. Cfty ..-.; 2:40a 7:30a ..:.
"> Chicago. .. I .'.-i 2:15 p 9:0Op ..:.•....•
a for morning. --p for afternoon."* r. ;,"
•9 a. m. train te the California IAm-_
-ited," leaving: Monday and Thursday only.,
carrying Palace Sleeping Cars -and Dining 1
Cars through -to Chicago. '. Chair Car runs
to Bakersfield for accommodation of locil
first-class passengers. No second-class
tickets honored on this -train. Corresponii-'
ing train arrives at 5:55 p. m. Tuesday and.
Friday..
'4:20 p.- m. .Is Stockton and > Fresno ' local.
Corresponding train arrives at 12:30 p ra.
dally.- .• ;
8:00 p. m.'ts the Overland .Express with
throueh Palace and Tourist Sleepers ri.1
;Kree Reclining Chair Cars to 'Chicago; »lj»-,
Palace Sleeper, .which. cuts out at Freso.
Corresponding train arrives at 5:K p. m.i
fdkny. ••.'¦; •;¦ • ¦••¦.:. -. . ;v .•• ¦ : ¦
, .7:20. a.- ro. • Is . Bakersfleld • Local. • stopping'
at all points In San Joaquln Valley. Corre-.
sponging train arrives at 8:40 a. m. dally.
, 1 0ffice*— «ll * Market ; utreet and In Ferry
Depot, Ban Francisco; 1112 Broadway, Oak-
Innrt: ' ¦¦ ¦¦ -"? * ' • --¦¦¦»¦¦>-.¦ ¦¦
HEIN— In" this city,' at" her.' daughter'* '"resi-
dence. Mrs. Ann Burke Hein, mother of Mrs.
• Adam Loh and J.-.C. Burke,- a native of Ire-
land. "< .' •. ..'... ¦•"•:> ¦. ;. .'1 :...• •'•'..•,¦¦
' E?"The -funeral ' will': take ¦¦ place -to-day
. (Friday),*- at 10 o'clock. : from the parlors bt
Valente. Marini & Co., ,1524 Stockton street,
between Union and Green. .:
HOFFMAN— In this ; city. September 11, 1301,
. Rachael, j- beloved.\ .wife-,- of .Gub . Hoffman.'
mother of William and 'Sam • Hoffman.' and
sister... of .Pblllp.-"-L. .Godfrey and, Nathan
- Fisher anfl Mrs. >H. - 1.-- Solomon, a: native of
New York; aged. 47: years I/month 'and 10
days.-:- •; ,.'..-,¦ '¦_/¦¦ • ,-: ¦ \ ¦ "*...-?
lC7Friends and acquaintances : are respect-
* fully invited to attend the funeral .to^day
(Friday), at 10:15 o'clock, from, her late resi-
dence, 1136 gutter street. : Interment Honieof
Peace Cemetery, by ; U :®> o'clock train from
Third and Townsend streets.' . '¦ ._ ¦" ':'_¦"'
HORTON— In - this - city, September 12, 19&1,
' Rena Gllleaoie Horton, beloved wife, of Fred
. E. Horton. and . daughter - of ¦• George A'.' and
Mary Horton. a native of Suisun, Cal., aged
28 xearB.l Bionth and W d&yg.. - . - -- ... . ¦
JOHNSON— In this city, - September •? 10, '1301,
Ottf , beloved son of Merrle and Olif Johnson,
a native of California, aged 4 years. '.;¦•.
;C7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Friday), at 1 o'clock, from the residence of
his: parents, 9 Freelon street. . Interment Cy-'.
press Lawn. Cemetery. , •-• .
JQNES— In . this city. September 12. ' 1301, Mar-
garet, beloved wife of' the • late ; Richard
.Jones, mother of Lawrence Moran and Mrs.
F. ; Taureck. and sister | of • Charies O'Hara,
Mrs. 3. iW. Taylor and the late Mrs. Cath-
erine Anderson, a native of County Leitrim,
' Ireland.' aged 68 years. ; . :• ':....¦:-.
ETFriends and' acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morraw ,
(Saturday), at 9:3ft o'clock,; from her late
residence, 106 .Welsh street. : thence to St.*
Rose's Church, where services .will be held at
10 o'clock. Interment Holy. Cross Cemetery.
KECK-^In this city. September 12, 1901, Susie",
beloved and • only dauxhter.of Mary and the
late George Keck, and - sister ' ot George - F.
Keclr, a native of ' San Francisco, aced ' 25
, years S months and 12 days. (VisaJia papers
please- . copy.) ¦ ¦ ' ' ,' ; ¦;¦ .'-,¦' .
gy Friends and acquaintances are ¦ respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 11 o'clock, from the family
residence, 2S10 Golden Gate- avenue, near
First - avenue. Interment Cypress Lawn
Cemetery, by carriage; . •
KELLEY— In this city. September 11. 1301,
; Mary Jane, beloved daughter of Alicia and
the late John Kelley, and . sister of John and
' the late Alicia Kelley and the late -Mrs. 1
Annte Cahill, a native of Salem, Mass., 'aged
34 years. (Salem, Mass., papers please copy.)
IT7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Friday), at 12:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 659 Minna street, ' thence to 8t. Jo-
seph's Church, where services will be held at
1 o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary ' Ceme-
tery. ... - . . • ..• ¦' -¦
KLEIBER— In this city, September 12, 1901,
Emma, dearly beloved daughter of Paul and
Antonia Kleiber, a native of San Francisco,
agedl year 5 months and 16 days. .. -~
. ESTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully -Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from the funeral par-
lors of Theodor Dlerks, 957 Mission street,
between Fifth and Sixth. Interment Laurel
HU1 Cemetery... . . . .'. *,:'..
LESSMAN— In. this city, September -12, '1S01,'
Amelia Lessman, beloved wife of Isaac Less-
man, and sl3ter of Alexander -Warmbroon,' a
native of Poland, aged 62 years 6 months and
19 dsys. . ¦ ¦ . , ;
LYNCH— In this city. September 10. 1901^ Jo- !
hanria, wife of P. B. Lynch, and mother of
Mary T. and Joseph A. Lynch, a native of
Ireland, aged 70 years. : •
ETThe funeral • will take , place to-day '
(Friday) morning, from the residence, 1104
Gough street. A solemn requiem mass will
be offered at St. Mary's Cathedral for the re-
pose of her soul at 10 o'clock. ¦ • .
McGUIHE— In this city,. September 11, 1901,
Margaret, beloved wife of Thomas McGuire,
and mother of John and Thomas McGuire, a
native of County Louth, Ireland, aged 62
years. " ¦ •¦¦ : .'.'¦•¦. v
|X?"Friend3 and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend, the funeral to-day
(Friday), at 9:30 o'clock.' from the residence
of her son, Thomas McGuire, 39 Dame street,
off Thirtieth, thence to St. Paul's Church, »
where a requiem high mass will be -cele-
brated for the repose of her soul, commenc-
ing at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
MURPHY-In this city, September 11. 1901,"
Thomas F. Murphy, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 29 years and 3 months.
- cy Funeral to-day (Friday), at 9 o'clock,
from, his late residence, 1322 Pierce street, ¦
thence to Holy Cross Church, where a re-
quiem high- mass will be celebrated for the
repose of his soul, commencing at' 9:30 o'clock.
. Interment private. Mount Calvary Cemetery.
O'CONNELL— In this city, September 11, 1901,
Helen, beloved wife of Cornelius O'Connell.
. a native of Lisecarroll, County. Cork, Ire-
land, aged 56 years. \ . .. ¦ • • . .
E7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully: Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Friday), at 8:30 o'clock,- from her late resi-
dence, 1266 Church street.- thence to St. Paul's
Church, where a solemn requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery. •¦ .¦ . '4' '.•¦'•'
PEGUILLAN— Drowned at Tiburon, September
10, 1901, Cecilia, beloved- daughter of ¦" Emil
and Mary Peguillan.* and sister, of. Willie
Peguillan, a native- of San TFYanciscov aged
5 years 1 month and 2 days.: , .-'
tCT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Friday), at 10 o'clock, from; the residence of*
her parents, 1124% Folsom street, between
Seventh and Eighth, and thence to St. Jo-
seph's ¦ Church, ¦ Tenth .- street, for- services,
commencing at 10:15 o'clock. . Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery, by train leaving .Third and
Townsend streets at 11:30 o'clock. j .
PLOSS— In Sacramento, Cal., September 10,
1901, John A. Ploss, father of Mrs. M. Specht
of San Francisco, Mrs. William. Geiger of
Sacramento. Mrs. Kate Eiffler of Allegheny,
Pa., and John A. Ploss Jr. of ' Cincinnati.
Ohio, . and grandfather of Bertha M. and
Richard C. Specht and F. W. Gelger of San
Francisco, a native of Germany, aged SS
years S months and 1 day.
1C7" Funeral to-day (Friday). . Interment at
Sacramento, Cal.
SHEA— In this city, September 11, 1901, Wil-
liam, dearly beloved husband of Catherine
Shea, and loving father of .William. Ed-
ward and Frank Shea and , Mrs. A.
a native of County Cork, Ireland,' aged 53
¦ years .8 months ami - 8 -days. • (Connecticut
and Vallejo, Cal., papers , please copy.)
CC5" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Friday), at 9 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1301 Montgomery street, thence .to St.
Francis Church, where a solemn requiem
mass will be said for the repose of his soul.
Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
SMITH— In this city, September 12, 1901, Susan
E. Smith of Merced, beloved wife of .the late
John C. Smith, and mother of Edith G. and
John C. Smith Jr.,- a native of Massachu-
setts, aped 66. years' 8 months and 21 days.
STRANDBERG— In this -city. September 10.
190L Oscar Strandberg, a native of Sweden,
asred 24 years. .'.".'
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to ' attend the funeral to-day
(Friday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the mortuary
chapel of the Golden Gate Undertaking Com-
pany, 2479 Mission street, near Twenty-flrst.
Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by car-
riage.
STREET— In Monterey, September 11. 1901, Ir-
win Sumner Street, Infant son of Walter E.-
and Grace Street. " . ¦,
K?"Funeral to-day (Friday), at 2 * o'clock,
from Albert Brown's undertaking parlors,
Oakland. Interment Mountain View Ceme-
tery. .¦ > ' . •-
VAN AMRINGE— In Oakland, at the Fabiola
Hospital, September 12, '1901, John Edwin,- be-
loved husband - of Maude Squire Van Am-
rlnge, and i brother of Mrs. Frank Hoyt, Mrs.
James Gamble and Dr. David Van Amringe,
a native of : New York, aged 32 years. A
member of ¦ Brooklyn Lodge No. 225. F. . and
A. M. . - . -- S - :'¦ . . , . ; .
C?"Frlends and , acaualntances are respect-
full y invited ' to ¦ attend tke funeral • services
to-morrow (Saturday), at 10:30 o'clock, at his
late heme, Diamond avenue. Upper Frultvale.
Interment private. • •'¦¦ :>¦•;••¦ : V f '
, CARD OF THANKS. -
H. C. Wedemeyer desires to thank the sub-
stitute carriers of-. the-. Postofflce for their
kindness And sympathy extended to him in .
his . hour of bereavement.
¦-. > ¦ ¦¦-- -•...¦ •h/.c.'-.wedemeyer; .SCENES AT. THE . MEETING . OF .'.WHEAT , GROWERS WHICH .WAS
HELD IN SACRAMENTO AND MEN WHO. MADE' PROTEST AGAINST
THE STRIKE THAT IS RUINING FARMERS. ' '. < '
Gathering in Santa Maria del Mar.
SANTA CRUZ, Sept. 12.— Santa Maria
' del Mar, the summer resort of the Catho
lic Ladies' Aid Society, is to be the meet
ing place of their Grand Council next
week. Delegations are already "arriving.
The Grand Council will open on Tuesday
morning with a h.1gh mass, celebrated in
the parlors of the hotel-
"W*. G. L. Fitts nled' a suit against the
Southern Pacific Company yesterday for
$25,940 damages for injuries received by
being run into by a train at the railroad
crossing on Treat avenue December 27,
1900. Fitts lost his left leg through the
accident, which occurred, he alleges,
through the carelessness of the railroad
company Jn gruarding the crossing.
Southern Pacific Sued.
Musical Service at St- Dominic's.
The second part of Gaul's cantata,' "The
Holy City," will be rendered by a double
quartet and chorus next Sunday evening
at St. Dominic's Church. Solos will be
sung by Miss Roeder. Miss McClosky and
Messrs. Onslow, Webb and Kneiss. The
service will include the following num
"Veni Creator" (Howe), "O, Salutarls"
(Palmer), "Tantum Ergo" (Rosseau),
"Toccato and Fugue" in D minor (Bach).
St_ Cecelia oifertoire and Fanfare (Sem
mens) will be played by Organist and Di
rector James Hamilton Howe.
Those who will receive rewards from
the Selby Company include Sheriff Veale
of Contia Costa County, Constable Theo
dore Moiles of Crockett. Pete Donaldson,
the Selbv workman who gave informa
tion about Winters; ex-Chief of Police
Lees, Captain of Detectives Beymour, De
tective Tcm Gibson, Detective ' Crockett.
Detective Silvey and Morse's Agency.
The Pinkerton Detective Agency declines
to accept any reward other than the
payment for its services.
Applicants for portions of the $25,000 re
ward were as thick as leaves in autumn
and the Selby Company saw the prospect
of lawsuits and- injunctions looming up.
For a time it seemed as if the reward
money would be tied up in the courts,
eventually to be divided among: lawyers.
The last act of the drama, however, la
now In eight and all will end happily.
President A. J. Kalston of ' the Selby
Company, aided by Attorney E. F. Pres
ton, ha* In the last few days considered
the many claims. Each one has been
carefully weighed and a number of set
tlements have already been made, the
amounts paid being regarded as . confi
dential by all parties.
-President Raleton said last evening:
"I am glad to say that we are settling
the claims to the reward and. some have
already been- paid. The work is a very
delicate one and we will not make public
the various amounts of settlement. Most
unjust statements have been made that
w» would not pay the reward, we offered
at the time of the bullion robbery. These
statements were unwarranted and should
not have been made of a firm that hao
earned the reputation we have In our
forty years of existence. We are not lim
iting our pavments to the $25,000 reward
offered. We desire to do justice to every
one who helped to recover the bullion and
arrest the thief. I cannot state how
much' we will pay to the claimants, but
il will exceed the original sum we offered.
While some of the claimants did better
work than others. It is due to all of them
to state that their combined work result
ed successfully. Each claimant under-
Ftar.cls that his settlement is to be deemed
confidential, as we do not desire to stir
up any ill-feeling among the others, who
might think they have been underpaid if
the amounts were made public."
After the arrest ana conviction of Jack
"Winters and the recovery of the 1 stolen
bullion the Selby Company had a dif
ficult problem to face. •
' The dispute "'over the renrard*of£)ered'by
the Selby Smelting Company for the ar
rest of the thief who looted the vault of
the Bmeller at "Vallejo Junction and tne
recovery of ] the treasure .no longer ex
ists.
The statements «that the Selby . Company
would not pay the $25,000 : reward have
absolutely no foundation. As a matter
of fact, the company will pay out more
than the amount offered, as' tt desires to
deal fairly and justly with, the
persons who have made claims. '
More Than $25,000 WSU; Be-
Paid t- for Recovery^of
Bullion.
Detectives' Claims Are
1 Being Settled, Ami- r
cably.
SELBY COMPANY
DIVIDES REWARD
Delegates Determine to
Combine Interests to
Insure Their Welfare
Detrimental Results of
Labor Strike Cause a
Demand for Protection
SCORE DEEDS
OF ANARCHISTS
Methodist Clergymen
Discuss the Act of
Czolgosz.
Conference at Pacific Grove.
Begins Its Annual
Session.
PACIFIC GROVE. Sept. li-Th« forty
ninth annual session of the California
M. E. Conference was called to ot8£>
in Assembly Hall In this city this morn-
Ing by Its presiding officer. Bishop C. C-
McCabe of Omaha, 1S3 members answer-
Ing to their names at roll-call. Conf erenca
officers were elected as follows:
Secretary. J. H. N. "Williams, Napa;
statistical secretary, H. J. Winsor. Uklah;
treasurer, Thomas Filben. Pacific Grove:
railroad secretary, W. P. Grant. College
Park: postmaster, E. S. Robertson; organ*
1st. Mrs. R. P. Willey.
The first action taken, by the confer
ence after organization was the adoption
of a resolution of thankfulness for the.
wonderful Improvement of the President
and the authorizing of a telegram oC
sympathy sent from this conference to
President and Mrs. McKlnley. The reso
lution denounced anarchy and al3o em
bodied the determination on the part ot
the body to call upon the national and
State governments for legislation looking
to the uprooting of anarchy In America.
The presiding elders' reports occupied
the remainder of the morning. Dr. S. G.
Gale and Dr. John Coyle reporting re
spectively for the Napa and Oakland dis
tricts. The following telegram was sent
to President McKlnley:
To President William McKlnley, Buffalo, X.
T.— The California Conference of th» Methodise
Episcopal Church, assembled at Pacific Grove.
Cal.. sends greetings to the President of our
country and his devoted wire, assuring them oj
our prayerful sympathy In the. sorrow and suf
fering caused them by the cowardly attempt
on the President's life by the red hand ot
anarchy. "We rejoice in the prospect of your
recovery and pledge you our prayers and
loyalty to the forms of our Government.
The afternoon wa3 occupied by the an
niversary exercises of the Conference
Ladies* Aid Society and the Conference
Women's Home Missionary Society. la
th© evening the annual meeting of ihe
Sunday School Union and Tract Soc«^y
was held. The Rev. T. B. Neeley of Sew
York, general secretary of the Sunday
School and Tract Society, delivered an
address upon the work of the society.
MAJOR SIME RECEIVES
CIVIL APPOINTMENT
Made Collector of the Port of Tolo,'
¦One of the Philippine
Islands.
Major Hugh T. Sime," formerly of thf
First Regiment, California Volunteers)
has received the appointment of Collecto
of the Port of Jolo, Philippine Islands.
Major Sime was a lieutenant in Con*
pany G of the National* and later a can
tain in the light artillery. When the Spari
ish war. broke out Major Sime left f oj
Manila with the First California. Hi
served In the islands with credit. The apf
pointment just received carries a salan
of $2500 a year.
Most every one who has •whiskey for sa£
compares it3 virtues to Jesse Moore 'AJT
Whiskey. '_> "¦'V <¦> / |
Attorney Kimball Honored.
The members of the Neuvo Potrero im
provement Club at its meeting last Tae3
day evening presented Attorney W. C. F.
Kimball with a handsome timepiece in
recognition of hi3 past services to the club
and on the occasion of his marriage to
Miss Leonora SI. Reimers.
GRAIN GROWERS OF THE STATE DECIDE IN THE CONVENTION AT SACRAMENTO
THAT CROPS MUST BE MOVED OR ARMED MEN WILL MARCH UPON PORT COSTA
"James Boyd, V. Click, Hugh S.'Dlmond.'v.,
C. Click. P. R. Garnett, James. Hart, Glenn' 1
County: J.- H. Balsdon, P. R.- Peterson,"' Jesse
Poundstone,- A. J. Davis.. William .Kelly, jy.'.
F Ho-well- Colusa County: H. M.' Larue. James
Conley,' R.' O. Cravens; William Beckman, : D. 4
Reese, L. Lauritzen, B." S. (f Slawson," Frank
Mllier.V M. . R. Beard,' , John "¦ Stephenspri, ;E." i
J^ ACRAMENTO, Sept. ;' 12.--Grain
\^L growers,' representing F many » of
v.^^5) the most productive counties J in
£±^J / California, thoroughly;, aroused
over the existing conditions ;wtiich
imperil their crops and leave them in'pros
pect nothing but complete and, early ruin
ations gathered in this city to-day.' The
disastrous consequences 'of 'the. "labor
strike,, which, prevents .the transportation
of the'product of the ; farms •' in "almost
every section,, furnished '.the- theme for
consideration. . ¦'•••• ; ' . '
\ Leaders of organized labor were bitterly
arraigned- fOr.whaf was ' charged , to : be
their indifference to the best "interests of
the State,, and resolutions demanding im
mediate cessation of the trouble were
given hearty approval. In these resolu
tions . the ' desire is expressed ,' that •expla-'
nations be furnished as to the reason why
the strike should continue to injure the
farmer, and it is even threatened that in
the event of. the State declining to . inter
fere armed grain men' will see to the; ship
ping of cargoes from Port Costa. Oh .the
part ; *of some of the delegates there: was a
disposition- to adopt radical -measures im
mediately, but action of a
character was finally decided upon.V- .< ?
The meeting was held in the courthouse.'
A rollcall of the counties particularly in
terested in the situation showed that ;rep-,
resentative's from Sutter, Yolo, -Placer,
Merced -Madera, Fresno,. Solano, Tehama;
San Joaquin, Sacramento, Monterey,.Yu
ba,- Colusa, Glenn> and : San. Luis! Obxspa
were present. These counties were repre
sented by the following delegates: ;- i\ '.-¦¦
-F.- W. - Ypkuni of ¦ Merced said that the
farmers • of San Joaquin' County.wwhile
heartily in "accord . with, the -movement,
did not< have , the., necessary ''money ; to
come here and , unite • in gj the effort to
ameliorate '(their ' con'ditiona, r but they
"This is 'an age. aparently. of combina
tions,',' ¦ said ; Chairman Pierce. , ; "We t are
confronted on - every .side with - combinn-'
tions; • Whether It is cutting onejs hai^ or
blacking one's -boots, -it "matters ; not— the
union label has* got to be somewhere. "Why
should rot the farmer demand the same
thing. The farmer has -been-, the butt- of
the laboring mart at "all times. 'We pro
duce the goods; the laborer does not want
to handle them fand • .. then s the . -farmer
reaches a- point that ho cannot continue.-
We must act and act promptly." • ; •¦ : ,
The convention, was called to order at
the appointed hour by ¦¦ Will ;'S." Green,
chairman of' the Sacramento Valley l>e
velopment Association: • He explained the
situation that confronts the grain-grow
ers, and- then': G.-'W. Pierce -of Knights
Landing was elected - chairman. .. Senator
Smith of Kerp' County, president . of tbq
San Joaquin -Valley Commercial I Associa
tion,, was unable . to be present, but- ex
pressed'his hearty support of the move
ment. : L w ...,. ' -^ .- " ¦¦ ,
¦ These delegates represent more than
one-half, of the, . largest, • grain-producing
counties of the' S.tate, and the men. who
.were present in many, instances sacrificed
their time to bring order out of the ex
isting chaos.- .'¦: -•. , . .-• • •-- <"' '•'- "•. :¦> ¦". if.
Plans for a Combination.
' • , ¦:•:• S; ! ¦ - ¦ '¦ '. . ¦ ¦ .. .' ¦',',-:
Daren, Sacramento ¦ County; N. ' Miner, Theo.
Schmeiser, J..H.^Oeste, F.'V. Fisher,
Wright, John '' Murth. G. D. . Stephens,' L. D.
Stephens, - J. . Craig. Yolo County; .B. F...WaL
ton, William Sanders, Mark .Pease, J. B. Cal
lett, F. Glazier,. Louis Tarke. Jamet Little
john; G. '.W. Carpenter, Sutter County; C. L.
Dam, '.'; Hugh .. Morrison, Yuba County: J. AV.'
Martin, Tulare County; R.. B. Myers, Alameda
County.; John . Moore. John Moore- Jr., •W. H.
Moore... Placer County; F. W. Yokum, Merced-
County; I \V. H. Crooks, Madera County; J."
¦Rust, H. C. Sliver, James Miller.- J. S. .Gar
nett; Sola no "County.' ¦ . s- ¦ • -¦¦ . - .; ; ",
WHEREAS, Ithas come forcibly to onr 'knowledge .that there esiuls nt Port Costn. where the
bulk of, the «rajrij of. Calif brnla limnt.be-handled, a conrfltionof lawlessness which ppeventi*
srraln from belDg'anloaded from liargea 'and '¦ can or. loaded on- «hlp«,:«Uu» conReHtlnff/the crop
• ,' in the interior, where a ';Tery.;large percentaKeiniiast , be 'destroyed.lf not speedily : moved; ' and
• , , whereas, the f armers f har e 'ever been on' the? side of the ,workinKnien';of the ' country'.' in • the
struggle for; a more eana.1 diatribiitlon of created rrealth;; bnt -.the destruction of a crop -it* "a. seribas
.• thing, not ronly to 'the* farmers, '.' b at ¦ to • the bniineai : 'o( the State and^ vitally so to the .. laboring ¦ main."
¦ ¦ Therefore ;be^ It ¦•¦ V '-'.'^ '':".' : — •"' '¦*'"¦¦•¦;'./ •¦¦ ' ~)'' : . : ','• ¦"¦'¦ ' '¦' " '¦¦' ¦'¦'¦"¦ '-' ¦ •.•¦¦' " ' " •>•¦;•'• -•-'..¦;.'¦'¦'¦••¦.¦¦•.¦ / '< ;• -' ,¦-..;-/-¦-: •-¦.:»
. . ' '.Reitoiyed, .That a committee lie appointed to find' ont from the men interferinsr. with .the
movements of : the crop; by." Intimidating men '"Who- are willing to' : work and' see". If they, Will not cense.
:'¦'- opposition^a'nd'go to ',worl£.\ilifext,\to : <ns!£, the Sheriff: of , Cont r*; Costa\ County.J if ; : 'he : ' can, maititain '} the; :
law,.also; proteetVworkin8 r men r while ; lbadinis'. and' unloading? grain, andl third," to *ask' the' Governor' to
« ; n«e ' the -power of 'the State^-,to that 'end. .¦ • - - ' ;¦ - • v ¦-¦,¦''
- , .". R,esolv"edj",That'faillng; ii» this, it will be the .duty, of 'farmers to go to Port > Costa in sachnum
. hers. and' -with snch, accoutrements as irill compel order and allow the work to go peacefully along, .
' . Resolved, That the committee thus appointed shnll have power to act in all things ; and make ; a
call for volunteers if inch ateps shall :hev forced ¦ upon us. «' ' - ' . ' ':
STRONG DEMAND IS MADE IN VIGOROUS RESOLUTIONS
FOR CESSATION OF THE STRIFE RUINING FARMERS
Money* for' Czar's* Entertainment.
BERLIN, Sept 12.— The French .Govern
ment, according to dispatches from Paris,
will ask a credit of. two million francs for
entertaining the Czar.'-r ¦ .¦:¦. " ».'..:
Mgr. ; Palcoino : For Delegate.
LONDON, ' Sept. - 13.t-"I learn upon ] high
authority," says I the Rome ! correspondent
of the Daily .Chronicle, ."that ;Mgr. Fal
como ¦ wiir succeed" Cardinal '¦ Martinelli as
Papal delegate in -the United States." •
MADRID, Sept. 12.— El * Her'al do • pub
lishes, an' important' statement '-by Prime
aiinister Sagasta on = the . Morocco [ diffi
culty. It relates how, on account of the
delicate International consequences that
might be involved, Spain, sought and ob
tained the support of the powers,' this
support, however, to be exclusively moral,
and punishment .to be ..the, mission of
Spain alone. . -..' .' jV :' ~ : •'.".-¦;.'• ¦ ¦..'•>• ;•
The Powers Will Support Spain.
¦ When the meeting adjourned the.sev
eral i committees . met , and laid out their
plans of action^ ...The • meetings merely
dealt with: details, but. no^dennite result
was- reached. Each 1 member -of the com
mittees declared himself i in - favor of im
mediate; action;-, ' The: committee- to look
into the labor question will probably visit
I'Port'Costa andother, grain shipping cen
ters to acquaint themselves with the con
ditlons.' ;'- T ; >'¦¦:-:¦'¦' f : - ~ v ' ;¦
James'Miller of : Dixon ; offered • a reso
lution holding: the municipal authorities
of San Francisco * and the . executive of
the .State responsible for. the present dis
turbed condition of labor. After,- a long
discussion it was decided to table the res
olution.- •=' -jj$&&^^^^&iS£$¥Q& i -
¦Realizing that there was no one-else to
help them they set to - work and soon
brought the kicking, struggling horse up
to the road. In the darkness they patched
the harness and shafts and continued on
their way. reaching here at a late hour
If is supposed that , the I horse became
frightened'at a panther that has made his
appearance in those . parts several times
during the . last year. - . -• ;.-
Sacramento on Wednesday,- September 25
This convention is to^ne known as the
State Farmers'- Convention "and the com
mittee appointed is to prepare a scheme
of organization to: be to the
main body. ; This proposition was heartily
indorsed. - - -•".'..-¦-..
When about half way down their horse
became frightened and over a
steep embankment. The buggy caught
against a tree, while . the ' . horse broke
loose and rolled down about thirty feet
Both young ladies were thrown out, but
escaped serious injury. - * - • .
: SAN RAFAEL, Sept. 12.— Two courage
ous women extricated themselves from a
dangerous and perplexing dilemma on the
dark and steep banked Bolinas grade last
night. Alone and in complete darkntss
the young ladies dragged.' their horse up
an embankment over which he had fallen,
and .mending the shafts of the buggy
with, bits 7of rope' they continued their
journey to this city. • • '.
"'Some days, ago "Miss May : Lindsey of
"this;, city and [ Miss E. :' Perry of Sacra
mento started with a horse and buggy to
make a tour of the country 1 . The young
ladies, both -of whom are. popular school
teachers, , had; a pleasant trip, and yes
teraay found them returning. to this city
from Olema by way Qf Bolinas. Arriv
ing at the summit of Bolinas ridge last
evening they had supper and shortly af
terward started over, the ridge in spite
of the darkness. The road is very steep
and penetrates a- forest. - .
Special Dispatch to The Call.
"I* the* meantime "we must recognize
the existing conditions in tropical" Latin-
America. It is my ; opinion 5 that the . bet
ter class of Latin-Americans are disposed
to entertain a friendly feeling ' for - the
United States. They understand ¦ us bet
ter and know our purposes are pure. Un
fortunately the intelligent 1 class is' not
everywhere a dominant - political force.
"The Government control is too often in
the hands of military adventurers ( ¦who
seek .power and its use- solely for their
own advantage and profit, and who are
as indifferent to international obligations
as they are incapable of- understanding or
formulating, a broad. national or interna
tional policy. -It is with men of this sort
that the Government of the United
States is sometimes called upon to deal,
and in dealing with them it has always
been borne in mind by the 'authorities at
Washington . that . a bad ruler does . not
necessarily represent the best feeling and
honest sentiment of the country.
"It seems to me, however, that to avoid
future trouble one of * the .. plain duties
which the immediate future will enforce
upon the Government of the United
States will I be ! that of insisting upon i a
higher degree of responsibility on the part
of some of the republics In tropical Latin-
America. This' will not .be a pleasant
duty, but it is., one that will have "to . be
performed and, on the whole, perhaps the
sooner.it is done . the . better will it be
for. the world in general.".: " •• :
"There seems no doubt to many, that
the control of the Caribbean Sea must in
evitably fall. to the .United : States and be
essential to its j proper , dominion of the
canal route,. to the assurance of its pow
er and actively to defend or support the
principles of the 'Monroe '" doctrine and to
give the necessary protection to its 'pos
sessions. I do not" 'fancy the. American
people want' more; territory,' but ,whatwe
want is that our ' .neighbors : in", Central
and South -America ¦,' shall : become "-"pros^"
perous and possess j a capacity 'to 7 enter
upon large reciprocal -trade ; relations
with us.. - ' - s.. , " . , ¦ ; . ' •
NEWPORT,, R. 'I.. Sept. 12.— F. ; B.
Loomis, former, Minister to , Venezuela
and now Minister to Portugal, sees trou
ble ahead for; the United States in. the
relations -with South . American republics.
He says:'. ... * ' . , ¦"'.¦'... ¦. . . .
Fair Teachers Meet With
Thrilling Mishap at
I Night.
Government Must Take
Firm Stand in South
American 'Affairs.
DRAG A HORSE
UP THE CLIFF
TROUBLE AHEAD
FOR UNCLE SAM
Another important step in the organiz
ation of the grain growers was effected
by a- resolution proposed by Mr. Craig of
Yolo County, .calling for. a meeting of all
grain . growers in their respective coun
ties to form a. State convention, wherein
the : industry would be represented by a
delegate representing each ten farmers in
the -various grain-growing counties. -The
plan is to have as many as possible meet
on- Saturday, 'September 21. and! elect
delegates to * a conventioni to .be 'held" at
¦ .'-.. » ..-.-. ¦ - - . , . - . j
After a discussion of the situation in
all its' phases ; Mr. Craig : of' Yolo .County
offered: resolutions demanding .an irtime
diate settlement of the .'difficulties which
prevent the wheat men from marketing
their product. He also suggested the ap
pointment of a committee to carry the ln
lent of the resolutions into effect, ,>The'
resolutions were adopted anr] Chairman
Fierce named James. Craig. ,¦ William
Beckman and J. H. Rice as the commit
tee.' Some members favored an: immedi
ate call upon the Governor, but finally 'it
was decided, in view of the apparent end
ing of the strike, to waif a few days, i
, As to the proposition advanced by. Mr.'
Green, more consideration was 'given. At
torney Myers of Alameda County rex
plained at- length a co-operative plan by
which lie thought great benefit might be
brought to the grain, raisers. He ex
plained . the matter in detail and offered
his. experience to bring the matter -into
tangible shape.- The plan of cooperation
met- with great favor and a committee,
consisting of: F.W. Yokum, H.'M. Larue,
p.sR. Garnett, L... D. Stephens and W. S.
•Jreen,. was appointed to: arrange the de
tails.'^ '-: r ' ¦':¦ ¦'¦,.¦..-•¦•¦. 3
Adoption of
were heartily In accord with the.move
ment.-: Yokum's remarks were, frequently
applauded. "¦• ¦.;'-.-.-:-/,-
President Green called, attention to the
-conditions affecting the wheat, grower.
He spoke of the commercial 1 field. opened
in the Orient and said that' the fruits of
Dewey's victory were being dissipated by
reason of an . alleged . grievance Von the
part of union labor of which no one could
give an intelligible idea. "As to its.ul
timate detrimental effect on'the. State he
declared .there, -was .no question. Ki : ;'
*.'\Vhlle every - interest in the -United
States is organizing for self-protection.'-'
said Mr. Green, "the farmer stands, idly
by, grows his crop and markets it as* Tiest
he can. You -may call this^movement a
.'trust'- if you like, but the average:grain
grower is dependant upon some one else
for 'what little he can get for his, crop.
The time for action is ripe and- the only
means to. get at it' is organization." ,
THE SAN FK^nSTCISCO^CAIiL, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER ,13,, iyoi.
14
ADVEBTIUEMENTS.
I rboKTTHimOi Q ne °f 8 Greatest.
I - ABoufTjpr I Remodeling Sales
H TOO WhoU I Si nce the Cay. - .
8 ' THC /¦*^N| of '49."
I ?S?h«v£ JSS FricM 6o I
M Juut^fi" &4 DOWN. DOWN. DOWN
H GOIMG I n 3 Such, low prices
m tr il ( (\B have not been
H fASTriS-W \a named during tKa
8 'MiYTA « generation on
H FiV I / » equally aa fine
n --«i_tfc> " and as desirable a
H line of goods.
U MEN'S SUITS, formerly C»7 Q=r
ul $12 30 to $13. now «D C »OO
H MEN'S SUITS, formerly Cl 1 OCT
tl $17 50 to J20. now OImOu
H MEN'S OVERCOATS, for- <£O ORE
il merly $10 to $12 50. now Ov)»OO
1 MEN'S OVERCOATS i
Hj (Raslan). formerly $15 CO CCZ
V5 to $20, now <J>tJ«O0
3 MEN'S PANTS 'Cash- Cl *>SZ.
tj mere), worth $2 23. now <?ltOU
H EOYS' LONG PANTS
a SUITS, formerly $7 SO. C/l Q=T
5 now <?T 1 «O0
1 BOYS' LONG PANTS
SJ SUITS, formerly $12 50. C(* CSS
6 now 00»00
j BOYS' OVERCOATS, for- Cl Q5J
a merly $4 and $3. now.. O ltOO ¦
3 CHILDREN'S SUITS, for- Cl Ci ?Z
E3 merly »3 and $2 50. now tj? I •\»^9
M BOYS' KNEE PANTS 17c
H BOYS' CAPS..- Oc
13 TREMENDOUS REDUCTION IN S
U FURNISH'NG GOODS. j;
fl PERCALE SHIRTS, formerly R- «> —
m $1. now OOW
¦ BLACK HOSE, formerly 12^c. CTp
fe] now ~r^*
j SUSPENDERS, formerly 23c. Q/.
1 TIE 1 S >W ANI)" "BOWS*. "all "silk. O^.
|J now VJV*
3 So come early. Prices go DOWN. <
ji DOWN. DOWN. '
I SUMMERFIELD & ROMAN, j
S 901-903 MARKET ST. C
I The Largest Clothingr House In San •
m"" Francisco, <£
a Cl03ed Saturday until 5:30 p. m. «j
a can trimmed hat at a "1
n reasonable price, but we 11
I j will . not fake a French j /I
II label at any price. ||
1 1 Compare our hats with the j
il so-called Paris patterns and. Si
ji note • the similarity in style u
If and the difference in price. W
/ THE LEOH MILLINERY GO. 1 |
i^ 943 Market st. Lud. Zobel -,£ ';
1
ADVEETrSEMENTS. Jw
y/W: tWXmfc. r <. ¦ • m
ffij, >$$ : :i£- : * or Inen - . Suits that B
hty tfiilCp-i embody, the most |
ii^.V^yifc fashionable cut, the H
fe |y *^ most thorough tail- g
I&tP oring, the best and ¦
Jfsj. v^i; most durable fab- a
$."'- Yll rics, from the latest g
I;, V| and "smartest" 9
n T\ weaves. You get B
fU ™ one for tJ
One Dollar I
a. week. 1
128-132 Ellis StSiiferensj
REUEVED HIS PAINFUL HEADACHES.
- Ir; Georee Ma > - erle,
lil^'<iH£!£elP-3SniP ommen<5 you *• ¦ an op-
W)LXl2&Ml^ii^l&$m relieving me 'of painful
• headaches and makins
iPKW8§JB£iir< y 'MMci Thanking you for your
jjjfffiJ . jFffiffifB main, yours respect-
-fcuftD. S26 Larkin St.. San 'Francieco.
Mayerle 1 s . Glasses strengthen the eye and
brain German Eyewater, 50c. GEORGE
MAYEHLE. German Expert Optician, 1071W
ilzrKU. et.- Cut tbi« out. .