VOLUME XCL-NO 14.
DEWEY GIVES SCHLEY CREDIT FOR VICTORY,
BUT BENHAM AND RAMSAY FIND AGAINST THE
COMMANDER OF THE HISTORIC FLYING SQUADRON
Court of Inquiry Unites in
Commending Bravery
in Battle.
All Other Counts in Precept,
However, Are Fully
Sustained.
BEN HAM AND RAMSAY
FIND AGAINST SCHLEY
jS2 EAR ADMIRALS BENHAM and Ramsay stand to-
M grther without Admiral Dewey on these points: -.
That Schley did not proceed to Cienfuegos from Key West
and maintain as close a blockade as possible.
He did not endeavor to obtain information as to the sup
posed presence of the Spanish fleet at Cienfuegos.
He did not proceed to Santiago with all possible dispatch,
and did not dispose of his ihips while going so as to intercept the
enemy coming west.
He should not Jiave delayed the squadron for the Eagle.
WASHINGTON, Dec 13.— The
majority report of the Schley
Court of Inquiry, given out
for publication to-day. Is as
follows:
Court of Inaulry. McLean building. 1517 H
street. X. W.. "VTashlnrton. D. C. December
13. 1901. — The court having, by authority cf
the TCavy Department, occupied rooms num
bers 9 and 10. McLean building. No. 1517 H
etrcet. N. W.. "Washingtcn. D. C. while de
liberating upon Its proceedings, and the mem
bers thereof having assembled dally since Mon
day, November 11, with the exception of Sun
days and holidays, and having concluded th«
Investigation, resorts its proceedings and the
testimony taken with a full and detailed state
ment cf all the pertinent facts which it deems
to be established, together with Its opinion and
recommendation In the premises.
Facts Before the Court.
Facts : The flying • squadron, consisting of
the Brooklyn. Massachusetts. Texas and Scor
pion, under the command of Commodore W. S.
Echley. U. S. 1C-. sailed from Key West about
6 a. m. of May 19, 1888, with orders from the
Navy Department and from the commander In
chief of the North Atlantic station to proceed
with dispatch (utmost) off Cienfuegos to cap
ture the enemy off that port, if possible, or to
blockade him. asd to make the blockade as
c1ob« as possible. -
The flying squadron arrived off Cienfuegos
on the morning cf May 22 and established a
blockade. During the day the ships lay off
'-the port at \-arious distances. In no particular
border. At night they formed In column of ves
sels, headed off shore.' and moved at only suf
ficient speed for keeping positions. The small
vessels performed picket duty inshore of the
Jarge chips.
Commodore Echley did not proceed with ut
most dispatch off Cienfuegos and block that port
as cloee as possible. At 10 «L m.. May 22. the
Pupor.t arrived at Cienfuegos with a dispatch
from the commander In chief dated Key West,
May 20. 1SOS. which Informed Commodore
F'-hley of the probability of the Spanish squad
ron being in Santiago de Cuba, and ordered
him to hold C'.enfuegos until the receipt of
more positive Information.
At 1 :30 p. m.. May 22. the Iowa arrived at
Cienfupgos and at 7 p. m. of the eame date
the Scorpion left Clenfueeos for Santiago.
At S:J5 a. m. of May 23 Commodore Schley
received by the dispatch vessel Hawk the fol
io v.ing dispatch and memorandums from the
commander In chief: Dispatch (No. 8). date
Key West. May 21, 1898. which stated that
the Spanish squadron was probably et San
tiago and ordered Commodore Schley. If he
was satisfied that the' Spanish squadron wa«
not at Cienfuegos to "proceed with all dis
patch, but cautiously, to Santiago de Cuba,
«.nd If the enemy is there blockade him In that
OrL Shown by Memorandums.
▲ memorandum dated off Havana May 21,
The San Francisco Call.
1808, which directed Commodore Schley to
mask his movements In leaving Cienfuegos.
A memorandum which stated that a good
landing: place had been found by Commander
McCalla 13% inlles weft of Eavanilla Point;
that the Cubans had perfect knowledge of what
was eolns; en within Cienfuesos; that the
Cuban forces in the San Juan Mountains con
trolled the railway between Cienfuegos and
Trinidad, and that there were fair roads from
the landing places to Cienfuegos.
At 8:30 a. m., May 23, the Castine and the
collier Merrlmac arrived at Cienfuegos.
At ooon on the same date the British
steamer Adula was permitted to go Into Cien
fuegos.
At 7 a. m.. May 24. the Marblehead. Vixen
and Eagle arrived at Clenfueeos.
About 10 a. m. the Marblehead and Eagle
proceeded to the landing place 13% miles west
of Eavanilla Point, communicated with the
insurgents, landed stores for them, learned
that the Spanish squadron was not in the har
bor at Cienfuegos, rejoined the squadron at
3:30 p. m.. and reported to Commodore Schley
the Information obtained.
After the receipt of this Information Com
modore Schley wrote a dispatch to the com
mander in chief in which he stated: "I shall
move eastward to-morrow." He also wrote
a dispatch to the commandant? of the naval
base at Key West In which he stated: "As
It Is found impracticable to coal the Texas
from the collier here, where there Is so much
swell. I shall proceed to-morrow oil Santiago
de Cuba, being embarrassed, however, by the
Texas' short coal supply and her inability to
coal In the open sea. I shall not be able to
remain off that port on account of general
short coal supply of squadron, so will proceed
to the vicinity of St. Nicholas Mole, where the
water is smooth and I can coal the Texas and
other ships with what may remain In collier."
Fails to Communicate.
JCo work was. apparently, In progress on the
fortifications of Cienfuegos while Commodore
Schley was off that port.
No efforts were made by Commodore Schley
to communicate with the insurgents to dis
cover whether the Spanish squadron was in
the harbor of Cienfuegos prior to the morn
ing of May 24.
Signal lights were displayed on shore at
night May 22 and May 23, but Commodore
Schley had no Information which enabled him
to Jnteroret tbem.
Before sailing from Cienfuegos Commodore
Schley received reliable information that ships
could be coaled In the vicinity of Cape Cruz
and In Gonalves channel.
The flying squadron, with the exception of
the Castlne. sailed from Cienfuegos about 8 p.
m. of May 24, the heavy ships In column of
vessels, the light ships on the right flank and
the collier • Merrlmac on the left flank. At
Continued • on > Page Two.
SAN FRANCISCO, SATURDAY, DECEMBER 14, 1901.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
GALL BUREAU,. 1406 G STREET,
N. .W., WASHINGTON, Dec. 13.-
Blame and praise. This is the
verdict of the Schley court of In
quiry handed In to-night. It Is
more blame than praise, because while
Admiral Dewey. president of the court,
gives him all of the credit and glory for
the destruction of Cervera's fleet, as
senior In command at the battle/ and the
entire court finds that his conduct was
that of a man of courage in action, the
unanimous finding is; made that Schley's
conduct in the Santiago campaign prior
to his supercesslon «by Rear Admiral
Sampson was characterized by vacilla
tion, dilatoriness and lack of enterprise.
The Investigation, unique in naval an
nals and of great historic importance,
was intended to end the controversy
which has not only disrupted the navy,
but which has rent the entire country
Instead, further bitterness has probably
been added to the controversy, for while
Admiral Dewey gives It as his personal
and individual opinion that to Rear A.d
miral Schley belongs the credit of the
victory off Santiago, Rear Admiral Ben
ham and Rear Admiral Ramsay, two
junior members of the court, .declined to
append; their signatures to such an ex
pression. '
Dewey Agrees With People.
In his opinion. Admiral Dewey agrees
with that of many of the people of the
DEWEY DECLARES SCHLEY DESERVES
ALL CREDIT FOR GREAT NAVAL VICTORY
r\ DMIRAL DEWEY stands alone on these, points: ■ •...,'
\. . That the passage from Key' West to Cienfuegos was made zvith all possible dis
patch in view of the importance of saving coal. .■-,'..
The Cienfuegos blockade was effective.
The Adula zvas permitted to en ter • 'Cienfuegos harbor in the hope that she would bring hews
zvhen she came out about the Spanish fleet. \- ■ ;
The passage from Cienfuegos to, oft Santiago was made' with all possible 'dispatch , while
keeping the squadron as a unit. '"■'■'.■ . . ■' , . , '
I he blockade of Santiago zvas effective. . . " . . ■:•.,
Schley is entitled to all t[ie credit of the battle of : July, 3} as lie zvas the senior officer
in command. • .... ' ■-■-■■■-*■;---
United States; in their, views, Rear Ad
miral Benham and Rear Admiral Ram
say voice the belief of an overwhelming
majority of the officers of '. the navy.
Furthermore, Admiral Dewey differs from
his colleagues in the blockade maintained
by Rear Admiral j Schley at Cienguegos
and Santiago, which he, contrary to their
view, finds .was effective. He also holds
MEMBERS OF -COURT OF IN
QUIRY AND PRINCIPALS IN
NAVAL CONTROVERSY.
in , opposition to their, opinion that , the
flying proceeded .with, all dis
patch from Cienfuegos to Santiago and
that Commodore' Schley in permitting the
steamier Adula; to enter the harbor ex
pected to get information from her when
she came out. _ . ■ x
- But Admiral Dewey ftnd3 with his col
leagues against Rear Admiral Schley for
the retrograde turn westward, for. dis
obedience of orders, for failing to do his
utmost -to destroy the Colon and other
vessels of the enemy in Santiago. harbor,
for . making reports • regarding the coal
supply ahd""coaling? facilities "of the ; fly
ing- squadron: which were inaccurate 'and
misleading, . and 'for. l . publishing ' only a
portion" of the Hodgson correspondence,
and agrees with; them that the loop en
dangered the Texas. . ■ ; : , -
The court 'unites ] In commending
Schley's bravery in battle. ' .
Rear Admiral Schley believes he has re
ceived a. vindication. . ':
What Navy.Men .Think.
Officers /of the. navy who have violently
attacked, him say; that the verdict of the
court, Instead of being an acquittal, sus
tains, the "charge of Rear Admiral Samp
son that < his conduct was reprehensible
prior • to the battle with Cervera's fleet,
and Secretary Long's statement that
while Schley did his duty in. the battle
of Santiago as commander In chief of
the flying squadron, he lacked push, judg
ment and steadiness of purpose. But
Rear Admiral Schley has established, by
the opinion of Admiral Dewey, that he
was the hero of the battle of Santiago,
and in this he has confounded Rear Ad
miral Sampson, who attempted to claim
the credit for the Victory.
In his modest : home, within a stone's
throw; of Admiral Dewey's residence, Ad
miral- Sampson -rests, - broken '-mentally
and physically, ignorant of the results of
the investigation, and almost Incapable of
understanding when he shall be Informed
that he has been partially sustained but
wholly deprived by the president of j the
court of honor of commanding the squad
ron 1 which destroyed Cervera's - fleet and
ended the. war with Spain. '.*;, -.fj'v..
As to Congressional Investigation, oph.
ion is divided. It Is evident that Rear
Admiral Schley does not want any. Sen
ator McComas Is v/illing to accept ths
declaration of Admiral Dewey that ah the
glory. of the Santiago campaign belongs
to Schley." Representative Mudd of Mary
land declares that the American people
Is Scored for Dilatoriness
in Proceeding to
Santiago.
Retrograde Movement and
Loop Also Subjects
for Censure.
POINTS AGREED UPON
BY THE ENTIRE COURT
JJ DMIRAL DEWEY and Rear Admirals Benham and
jF^ Ramsay agree on these points:
That Schley did not obey the department's order of May 2$
to go with all haste to Santiago, find if the' Spanish Heet was
there and not leave* without decisive action. He; did not en
deavor to capture or destroy the Spanish fleet at the mouth of the
harbor May 28 and 29.
He did not use his utmost endeavor to destroy the Colon
while anchored at the month of the harbor on May 30.
The effect' of the hop of the Brooklyn was to lose the
distance and .position of the Viscaya and Colon. The loop was
made to avoid dangerous proximity with the Spanish fleet, ana it
caused the Texas to stop and back her engines.
He did an injustice to Lieutenant Commander Hodgson in
publishing only a' part of his correspondence.
His conduct prior to June 1 zvas characterized by vacilla
tion, dilatoriness and lack of enterprise.
His coal reports .were inaccurate and misleading.
His conduct during the battle of July 3 was self-possessed,
and he encouraged the offictrs and men to fight courageously.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 13.—Admi
ral .. Dewey's report is as fol
lows: "Court of Inquiry, Mc-
Lean Building. 1517 H Street,
N. W., Washington, D. C.
Dec. 13. 1901.— In the opinion of the under
signed the passage from Key West to
Cienfuegos was made by the flying squad
ron with all possible dispatch, Commodore
Schley having in view the Importance of
arriving off Cienfuegos with as much coal
as possible in the ships* bunkers.
"The blockade of Cienfuegos was effect
ive. • - " *
"Commodore Schley in permitting the
steamer Adula to enter the port of Cien
fuegos expected to obtain Information re
garding the Spanish squadron from- her
when she came out.
"The passage from Cienfuegos to a
point about twenty-two miles south of
will not accept the verdict and hints at a
Congressional inquiry. His opinion does
not seem to be shared by many members.
SCHLEY PLEASED
WITH THE REPORT
Be.ir Admiral Snys His Honor Has
Been Vindicated and He Has
No Further Comment
to Make.
CALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET,
WASHINGTON. Dec. 13.— "My honor has
been vindicated and I am satisfied with
the decision: cf the court."
This, was the only, comment Rear Ad
miral Schley would make after hearing a
synopsis of the two reports of the court
of inquiry. ,'. Schley I remained /at his
apartments at* the Hotel Richmond all
evening, evidently awaiting the report of
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
Santiago was made with as much disi
patch as was possible while keeping the
squadron a unit.
"The blockade of Santiago was effect
ive.
"Commodore Schley was the senior offi
cer of our squadron off Santiago when the
Spanish squadron attempted to escape on
the morning of July 3. 1898. He was in ab
solute command and is entitled to the
credit due to such commanding officer for
the glorious victory which resulted In the
total destruction of the Spant3h ships.
"GEORGE DEWEY, T
"Admiral U. S. N
." : "SAMUEL. C. LEMLY,
"Judge Advocate."
Admiral Dewey was seen late to-night
and declined to make any statement con
cerning the court's findings. He said that
the court was not dissolved, and that he
was still bound by his oath of secrecy.
M-M-Iilll l-MI I I I II H n H..I.0
the court, which it is understood was ex
pected to be delivered to him a few min
utes before it was given to the press.
Admiral Schley came down Into the
smoking-room of the hotel about 8 o'clock
and stated that he had not received a
copy of the' report and suggested that it
would probably be mailed to him, so that
he would get it In the morning. He was
attired In dinner costume and puffed
carelessly at a cigar as he chatted with
a few friends.
Admiral Schley had Just finished an In
teresting bit of polar sea reminiscence
•when a friendly newspaper man brought
in the substance of the two reports, re
ceived over the telephone. The admiral
settled himself back in a large chair and
listened Intently to the findings of the
court. Although he ventured no com
ment, his face showed some disappoint
ment as the majority findings of the
court were read to him. His face brisht-
Continued on Page Two.*'2
"MY HONOR IS VINDICATED, AND I'M SATISFIED
WITH THE DECISION OF THE COURT," SAYS SCHLEY
COURrS MAJORITY REPORT,
Continued Frcni Page One.
10:10 a. in. of May 2u the light vessels were
•shifted to the m>rt beam and the collier to
the fcinrboard be^in.
Before midnight of May 24. owing to heavy
rolling, the forward cjir.partnient 01 tbs Eigle
Ulied with meter' which reduced her speed.
On May 23 the' wind was fresh Irom the
eastward the weather was bad and the sea
was bea\T for email vessels. The squadron
reduced Its Ei»ecd to enable the Ea»is to re
main witU It. ,
On \Jiay iU the weather Improved, the v>ir.d
veered to the west an<J became lisht and the
Eca tno£erat£d.
At 10;:jo p. in. Commodore Scliley seat ths
tagle to I'ort Antonio to coal ana then to
return to Kev West. At noon of Hay 20 the
Eagle had BOfOrteot real tj steam ten knots
per hour for three days.
At .!>;:{© i>. in. tlie scuadrcn stepped about
twenty-rwo mi'*« tfl the southward of the part
of Santiago and was join&d by ihe scouts Min
neapolis find St. Paul.
Merrimac's Engines Disabled.
At C i>. rr... May 2C, the engines of the Cil
lier Merrimac were temporarily disabled. Th»
engines Wfie cluingcd to work "compound"
and :tt 4:^<l v. m. ol May -T 6he was abi.*
to make six knots with her own fctoam. The
brbfcen parts of t!« »n3ines were repaired on
Loiira the Oaszblp, a'.l repairs being completed
at midnight of May The Yale towed the
Merrlmac- while disabled.
The oommaiiuinsr officer cf the St. Paul
Visited the flagship in obedience to signal, took
with him a Cub;tn pilot sn<l had a conversa
tion •with Commodore St-hley.
Commodore Schley fcad no conversation with
the senior comicacCIn; effictr of the scouts'
and i-i>ta:ned no positive lnrcrmation from the
scouts resardlns the Spanish squadron.
At 7:i5 p. ra.. May 28, Commodore Schley
chanced the course of th° flying squadron to
the weptward and fisnaled to his E'l^aclrcn.
•*r>estlnati«.n Key Vest. via south side of
Cuba nod. Yucatan channeL aa soon as collier
is ready; Fived nir.e knots."
The squacror. proceeded westward eighteen
mllef: stopped at 11:15 p. m. (the tow lines
©f the collier having raited), drifted until 3:40
p. m.. May 2T. resumed its westward course
for twenty-three mile*", stopped again at 7:15
j>. m. and drifted until 1 p. m. of May 28.
At 9:30 a. m.. May 2V, the Harvard Joined
the flying squadron an1 her commandinsr officer
delivered to Commodore Schley the following
dispatch, dated May 22. addressed by the de
partment to the Harvard at St. Nicholas mole,
liaytl: /• •
"Proceed nt once and Inform Schley and al»-»
the senior offtrer present off Santiago de Cuba
as follows: All department's Information In
dicates that Span'.sh division Is still at San
tiago de Ouba. The department looks to you
to ascertain facts and that the enemy. If
therein. <Jo*g not lea\« without a decisive ac
tion. Cubans familiar with Santiago de Cuba
ray there Is a landing: place five nautical mile*
west of six («'•> from mouth of harbor, and
that the insurgents probably will be found and
not Spanish, from th« «urroundinc heights
can *•• every vessel In the port. As goon as
tiKcn tuined notify the department whether
enemy Is there. Could not a squadron and
Also Harvard coal from Mnrlmwo, leew&rd
Cap* Crut. Cuba. Qonalvca. lUytl Channel, or
raolK Haytt? Tht department will aend coal
Immedutfly to mol*. Haytt. Il»port without
delay situation at S&ntUcro d* Cuba."
Schley's Reply to Dispatch.
This dlfpatrh wat an«wcrrd by Commodore
6chl»y about noon. May 27. at folio*-*:
"lleceix-cd dli>|>atch of May Stt deli\t>red by
Harvard off Santiago d« Cuba. Merrimac's en
j ;:!■■ Is disabled and the U helpless; am obliged
to have her towrd to Key west. H.ivr been
absolutely unable to coal the Texas, Marble
head. Vixen and BrooklMt from collier owing
to very rouRh t?<»a* and boisterous weather since
leaving- Key West. Hrooklyn %» the only one
In «quadrnn having: more than sufficient coal
t j reach Key West. ImpocFlble to remain off
£ont!a£o m present state of coal account of
the squadron. Not possible to coal to leeward
cf Cape Cru« In summer owing to southwest
winds. Harvard Just reports to me ehe has
only coal cnouch to reach Jamaica and she will
proceed to Port Hoyal: also reports only email
vessels could coal at Gonalves or mole. Haytl.
Minneapolis has only coal enough to reach
Key West and same of Yale, which will tow
Mcrrimac. It is to be regretted that the de
partment's orders cannot be obeyed, earnestly
a* we have all striven to that end. I am
forced to return to Key West via Yucatan pas
eaiere for coal. Can sscertain nothing Intelli
gible of enemy. Sent Eagle to Port Antonio
yesterday, as ehe has only twenty-seven tons
en board. Will leave St. Paul here. Will re
quire 1)500 tons of coal at Key West."
The coal supply of the vessels of the flying
squadron at noon on May 27 was sufficient to
have enabled them to steam at ten knots per
hour: The Brooklyn for 11^4 days; Iowa 7U.
days; Massachusetts. 10 days; Texas. 6W days-
Marblehead. 3»4 days: Vixen. lli£ days, or to
have remained on blockade duty off Santlairo
de Cuba: . The Brooklvn for 20 days; Iowa, 16
days; Massachusetts, 20 days; Texas, 10 days*
Marblehead. 5 days; Vixen. 23 days, and then
fteani to Gonalves, Hayti. or to Cape Cruz,
At that date the flying- squadron was accom
panied by the collier Merrlmac. containing
4500 tons of coal.
mlS am °« n t of coal required to completely
fill the coal bunkers of all of the vessels of the
flying squadron on this same date wa« 2700
tons.
The conditions of wind, sea and weather
from noon on May 20. to June 1, were favora
ble for taking coal from a collier at sea off
Bantiag-o de Cuba.
The Iowa, Castine and Dupont coaled at
Cic-nfuegos from the collier Merrlmac on May
23 and the Massachusetts and Castine on
TneTexas asked permission to coal first on
May 23 and was refused by Commodore Bchley.
ADVEBTISEMEirTS.
FEW PEOPLE REALIZE ;
The Danger In That Common Disease,
Catarrh.
Because catarrhal diseases are so com-
mon and because catarrh is not rapidly
fatal, people too often overlook and ne-
glect it until some incurable ailment de-
velops as a result of the neglect
The inflamed condition of the membrane
of the nose and throat makes a fertUe soil
for the germs of Pneumonia and Con-
sumption, in fact catarrhal pneumonia
and catarrhal consumption are the most
common forms of these dreaded diseases,
which annually cause more than one-
quarter of the deaths In this country.
* Remedies for catarrh are almost as
numerous as catarrh sufferers, .but very
few have any actual merit as a cure, the
onjy good derived being simply a tempo-
rary relief.
There is. however, a very effective rem-
edy recently discovered which is rapidly
becoming famous for its great value in re-
lieving and permanently curing all forms
of catarrhal diseases, whether located in
the head, throat, lungs or stomach. -
This new catarrh cure is principally
composed of a gum derived from the Eu-
calyptus tree, and this gum possesses ex-
traordinary healing and antiseptic proper^
ties. It Is taken internally in the 'i'rm
of : a lozenge or tablet, pleasant ' to the
taste and 60 harmless ; that llttje children
take them with safety and benefit. - .
Eucalyptus oil and the bark are some-
times used, but are not so convenient nor
to palatable as the gum.
Undoubtedly the best quality is found in
Stuart's Catarrh Tablets, which may be
found in any drug store, and any catarrh
sufferer who has tried douches, inhalers
and liquid medicines will be surprised it
the rapid Improvement after a few days'
cse of Stuart's Catarrh Tablets, whk-h
are composed of the gum of the Eucalyp-
tus tree. . combined with other, antiseptics
which destroy the germs of catarrh in the
blood and expel the catarrhal poison from
the system.
Dr. Ramsdell in speaking of catarrh tt».d
its cure says: t' After many experiments
I have givfcn up the idea of curing catarrh
by the use' of Inhalers, washes, salves cr
liquid medicines. I have always had the
1 best results from Stuart's Catarrh Tab-
lets; the red gum and other valuable anti-
eeptjes -contained in these tablets make
them, in myopinion, far superior to any
of the numerous catarrh remedies so c\-
terisively advertised." , The fact. that Stu-*
art's/ Catarrh , Tablets are sold -In : drug
stores under protection of a trademark
thould not prejudice conscientious physi-
cians sgalnst them; because their, un-
doubted merit and harmless • character
make them a remedy which every catairh
sufferer may. -use with perfect safety ai-.ii
the prospect cf a permanent cure.'
For colds in the head, for coughs, ca-
tarrhal deafness and catarrh of the stom-
ach and liver, people who have tried them
cay tliat Stuart's .Catarrh .Tablets . are a
household necessity. / .... .' .
who Ordered the Iowa *to coal first and the
Massachusetts second.
Leaves Santiago "Unguarded.
The Texas was 'entered to coal from the col
lier on May "i, but the order was revoked as
the Massachusetts was alongside the collier
sr.d the cornniandins officer of , the collier
oecmed it unsafe to place his vessel between
f.vo battleships.
The Texas and Slarblehead coaled at sea, off
Pamiajro, with colliers. May 1T7 and 2S; th<?
Massachusetts and Vixen on May 20; the.
Urooklyn and Iowa on May 30: tho Brooklyn,
Texas and Marblchead on May 31. 1
At 3:U5 p. d, M2y 27 Commodore Schley sig
naled to the St. Paul: "If Sampson comes here
t»>ll htm half of squadron out of coal and col
lier engines broken down."
At 10:43 p. m. May 27 Commodore Schley
signaled to the Texas : ''The more , coal you
take In this smooth weather the less you will
lave to take in Hayti."
Commodoro Schley made no effort to- ascer
tain -whether the Bpanlgn squadron was In tlie
liarbcr of Santiago; he left said harbor en
tirely unguarded from 0 p. m. of May 2C to
5 p. m. cf May 27, and guarded only by the
ecout St. P.iul from 5 p. m. May C7 until about
G p. m. of liny 2S.
The flyins squadron arrived off the harbor of
Santiago de Cuba, seven miles south of Morro,
at C,,n. m. May £S. at?d established e blockade.
The jrUstanre .from Cicntue£O3 to Santiago is
«3. r i miles. Commodore J-chley- did not proceed
with all disristrti from Cicnfueg-os to Santiago
de'Cuba.. - ' '■ :....<.• -..• .•■... . . •- .
\ Early on the niarnlngr of-.May 12} the Clirls
tobcl Colon an1- other vessels of the ..Spanish
pquadron v.-6re (Jiscovered nt anchor in the har
bor of Santiago, about' 1200 yards ffom the er.
tranc<-.
No attempt wns rar.iV by Commodore Schley
r-n May 29 or May SO to capture or- destroy
thece Spanish vessels.
' At 1 :?.Q p. m. May 30 the cruiser New Or
leans and the collier Sterling' joined the flying
squadron.
■At 10:55 a. m. May SI Commodore Schiey
shifted his flag to the Massachusetts.
At 11:10 a. m. the flageh'.p Massachusetts
signaled:
"The Massachusetts. New Orleans and Iowa
will co in after dinner to a distance of 7000
yards and fire at Cristnbol Colon with S. 12
and 13-Inch -runs.- Speed about ten knots."
Projectiles Fall Sliort.
,At 1:30 Pj in., the three vessels designated
LAWYERS ARGUE
THE TIME AWAY
Lookout Lynching Case
May Last Through
the Winter.
Special Dlsr<atch to The Call.
AL.TURAS. Dec. 13.— The trial of James
W. Brown, the alleged. LooKout lyncher,
bids fair to last through* the entire win
ter. Each question asked of a witness
by counsel for the State brings nn o'j
jectlon from the defense. Then follows
nn argument over the point involved, the
discussion lasting from fifteen minutes to
upward of an hour. During these argu
ments Judge Harrington finds it neces
sary to excuse the Jury from the court
room, as the lawyers for the prisoner at
tempt to place before the twelve men al
leged facts and hearsay evidence that
has not yet been introduced through the
medium of witnesses. The patience of
the court is about exhausted, and there
are frequent clashes between Judge Har
rington and the defense.
The witnesses so far called have shown
marked reluctance toward giving testi
mony that might Injure the chances of
Brown. Singularly enough Justice of tlie
Peace Myers, whose examination wa3
continued to-day, had heard but one man
hint that there would be a lynching" in
Lookout, and that man had since died.
The next witness, however, declared that
only the day preceding the tragedy the
Justice had said to him thtrt he was
afraid the Halls and Yantis' would .. ber
strung up.
When the examination of Justice Myers
was resumed this morning the witness
swore that he had no idea or knowledge
that there was to be a lynching at Look
out. Pending argument on the objection
to the question which brought forth the
statement, the jury was excused from the
courtroom for forty-five minutes. Myers
said that the only man he had ever heard
advocate the lynching was the late W. D.
Morris of Lookout. He heard Morris re
peatedly declare that he would like to
pull at the end of a rope. Myers believed
that Morris was "talking to hear himself
talk," and dld«ot give any weight to his
remarks. Morris was at one time elected
to the Legislature from this district, but
was of late months considered of unsound
mind. Myers said that after the lynching
occurred Morris bitterly denounced it and
said he would give twenty-five dollars
toward the prosecution of members of
the mob, because he was a friend of Cal
vin Hall.
Ira Cannon, Grand Juror and ex-Super
visor of Modoc County, swore that on the
afternoon of May 30, the day prior to
the lynching, Judge Myfers and himself
went riding and - that during the ride
Judge Myers spoke--«f a lynching ; and
said he was afraid something like that
might occur. He did not speak of Morr's
having threatened to hang the five prison
crs. *
j" E. Kresge, who lives near Lookout,
was called. At the beginning of Kresgo's
testimony Raker, for the defense, started
to make an argument on an objection and
the court excused the Jury from' the.
courtroom.- The argument lasted an
hour, after which the jury returned. -
Kresge said that on May 25 he with
others formed an arresting party. They
met trt his place and- Levanton asked him
to go. Kresge then detailed particulars
of the arrest of the Halls.
SKIFF CARRYING DEAD
.'; MAN FLOATS IN BAY
Millbrae Resident's Discovery i Is
Reported to San Mateo County's /
Coroner. • .■
REDWOOD CITY, Dec. 13.— Coroner
James Crowe was notified to-night that
a skiff containing the body of a dead man
was 'floating in the bay near Millbrae.
A deputy has gone to the scene to Inves
tigate. The news was brought, to the
Coroner's office by a man named John
son, ;who is employed at the Millbrae
oyster camp. He had seen the skiff float
ing on the bay while driving near the
shore; the distance- which separated
him from the craft he cduld only see that
its only occupant was a corpse. How the
man met death will not be' known until
the Coroner's deputy returns.
Falls Victim to Hardships.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 13. — Captain
Matthew A. Batson, Fifteenth Cavalry,
who organized and led the famous organ
ization of native Filipinos known as Bat
son's Scouts In the earlier days of the
Philippine insurrection, has fallen a vic
tim to the hardships of service in the
Philippines and has been ordered to the
general hospital at Washington Barracks
for examination and treatment.
Carried Murderous Weapons.
John O'Brien was sentenced by Judge
Cabaniss yesterday to pay a fine of $50,
with the alternative- of twenty-five days
in the County Jail, for carrying concealed
weapons. He was with Timothy Killeen
when Killeen struck John F. Donovan
on the head with a slungshot in -a -saloon
on Market street, and .. when arrested
along with Killeen an'd Special Officer
Murphy a few hours later at Second and
Natoma streets O'Brien had a slungshot
and a pair of brass " knuckles ; in his pock
ets. . : . : \ - > :,:.\
Sergeant on the Rampage.
Sergeant Clarence Raber of Casual
Camp; No; 3. Company G, at the Presidio,
went Into, a saloon at Baker and Lom
bard streets Thursday night ■ and wanted
drinks: on credit. His demand was re
fused. He went outside, picked up a
heavy piece of wood and pitched It
through the window. Hp was arrested on
a chargetvof malicious- mischief and -was
convicted by Judge Mogan yesterday. He
will appear for sentence this morning. .
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, ' DECEMBER 14, 1901.
steamed, in column, toward the entrance to
the harbor of Santiago, heading to .■ the . east
ward.-at about ten. knots' speed. .The ships
passed tho harbor entrance about 7000 yards
distant from the Morro. Urine at the Colon
-and the shore batteries at ranees varying from
7000 yards to S-00 yards. All projectiles fell
short
When tho ships had passed to the eastward
of tho entrance the flagship turned off shore,
followed in succession by the other ships, re
passed the entrance and fired as before, but
at ranges varying from nooo yards to li.ooo
yan£s. Some of these projectiles- fell near the
Colon.
The flre was returned by the phips in the
harbor and by the land batteries, but no large
RTinB.wcri> used by the batteries. Several pro
jectiles parsed over cur vessels, but. no injuries
were sustained. ■■"■■.' '• '
The flying squadron did not ..withdraw at
night from the entrance to Santiago harbor to
a distance at sea. The blockade was main
tained at an average distance of about six to
seven miles (ron t!i~ harbor entrance during
the! day and probabSy somewhat nearer during
the night. The vessels performed picket duty
at nisht. two miles inside cf the line of ves
sels. . -
The Spanish squadron was disco\-ered to ba
In tho entrance to Santiago harbor, steaming
out. about 0:30- a. m..- July ."5. 180S. :
• The r.rooUlyn at that tifnn wan heading to
the westward' cf north, about 0300 yards SW.
"4 ,R, -from the Mnrr«.» which wa3 practically
her. bloclyidinir lKslticn.. '.'
Larjge vessels oominjr out of the harbor of
Bantiaco were obliged to head about southwest
by south, and the Spanish vessels, therefore,
in slcainin?: out. until clear of the shoal to the
trcitward. were obliged to head directly for the
position of the TJrooklyn. ,\Vhen clear <of this
£honl the Spanish vessels turned in succession
to the westward and took a course nearly.par
allel to tho land.
The Brooklyn stood toward the Spanish ves-_
scls with varying holm, fired one shot 'from
her forward turret .it T.500 yards range, which
proved short, and th^n engaged with her bat
tery When about 1400 yards distant from the
leading SpanlFh Fhip, the Terepa. the Brooklyn
turned to stprboard. with her helm hard aport.
and ccnlinuerl no to th« turn until, she headed
to tho westward, parallel to the course of the
Spanish shirs. The commanding officer of the
Brooklvn put tho helm hard ayiort and at al
most the same Instant Commodore Schley gave
the order "hard aport. v ' . .
When the Brooklyn's helm was put hard
DEBTOR CAUSES
BANKER'S ARREST
William Beckman Re
grets the Lending of
Five Dollars.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO. Dee. 11— William
Beckman, president of the People'a Sav
ings Bank, former Railroad Commission*
cr from this district and one of the most
prominent citizens of Sacramento, was
served by United States Marshal Shine
this afternoon with papers charging him
with felonious use of the malls. I'ock
inaji was brought before Township Jus
tice of the Peace Jay R. Brown and his
bonds were fixed at $2500. These were
promptly supplied by George W. Lorenz
and Al Folger, and the date for the tak
ing of depositions in the case was set for
Saturday, December 21.
So quietly were the proceedings con
ducted' that not an inkling of them be
came known , until to-night. The com
plainant in the case is the wife of Paul
Wickersham, who is represented as 1 a
writer on the San Francisco Wasp and
a clubman of that city. Mr. Beckman
was visited by The Call correspondent to
night and asked for a statement. He re
ferred his inquirer to his attorney. Clin
ton L. White, who recounted the" circum
stances leading to the filing of the charge
against the bank president.
According to White, Wickersham ac
costed Beckman in San Francisco in Sep
tember last, told him a story and bor
rowed from him $5, at the same time
promising to pay It back the next day.
He did not do so, however.
"Ordinarily," said White, "Mr. Beck
man would not care for the loss of a
mere $5 piece, but he was under the im
pression that in this particular instance
he was the victim of a case of
misplaced confidence and he was
particularly anxious to collect the
loan. In furtherance of this intention he
Bent letters and postal cards to different
places, in the hope . of reaching Wicker
sham, reminding nim of the debt. I think
he sent three letters, and five postal
cards. Instead of remitting the $5,
Wickersham sent his wife to the United
States Court in San Francisco and swore
to a complaint charging Mr. Beckman
with violating a United States statute.
"The complaint served on Mr. Beckman
recites three counts. It alleges that Mr.
Beckman, some time in October last, ad
dressed a postal card to Wickersham,
saying he had borrowed $5 and promised
to pay it and that he wanted him to da
so immediately. The next two counts
allege that Mr. Beckman sent Wicker-'
sham two more postal cards on the same
date, one in the care of the Wasp and
the other in care of the Bohemian Club.
These postal cards set forth, so it is al
leged, that Beckman had written him two
letters and twenty-five postal cards and
had received no reply and that he wanted
Wickersham to reply immediately, so as
to save Beckman from purchasing 100
more postal cards." ~ ' r?
It appears that the complaint is drawn
up under the United States statute, enact
ed in 1888.' to reach certain collection agen
cies, which used postal cards and wrap
pers upon which . to . Inscribe . demands,
which were generally of. a ' threatening
character. The extreme penalty attached
is 55000 fine or five years' .Imprisonment,
or both. " • ,/ . ..
Mr. Beckman's : friends say that the
feature of the case which annoys him is
that the man who owes him the money
should seek to turn the tables on him in
such a manner. It is not charged 'that
there was any .threat, unless the .state
ment that' he would purchase ■ 100^ more
postal cards may be, construed as- such.;:
.j _ — - - ■• ;;, -;-•;;:»
ONE DOLLAR
FOR 5 CENTS
WHAT is it? [[
The best, story that Bret
Harte ever wrote!
"The. Convalescence . .of
Jack Hamhn.
Where can you get it? '
In the great Christmas
edition of. The Call— out
next Sunday. "■■'■■■',■
Will the price be extra? \
No, only the same 5 ; cents,,
but there will be \. enough
, extra., features Jo u makejhis .
edition well worth a dollar:' -{
Piles Cured Without the Knife.
.' Itching, Blind, Bleedin«.or. Erotruding. PJles..
No'Cure, No Pay.. All druggists 'are 'authorized
by' manufacturers of Pazp . Ointment to ■ refund
money where It fails. to cure any case of piles,
no matter of how long standing. Cures ordinary
cases in fix days; worst cases in fourteen days.
One application gives ease " and J re«t. Relieves
itching Instantly. This is anew discovery,', and
Is the. only pile remedy 'sold on positive guar
antee, no cure no pay. ., A free sample will be
ecnt by mail to any one sending name and ad
dress. Price, 50c. If your druggist don't keep
It in stock send 50c in stamps and, we will for
ward full sfze box -by mail. Manufactured' by
PARIS MEDICINE CO., : St. Louis. Mo., who
also manufacture the celebrated cold cure, Lax
ative Bromo-Quinine. Tablets. •' • ' • - *
aport the Teresa was about 1400 yards to the
eastward of north from the Brooklyn, the Vls
caya was to the eastward of the Teresa and
the Colon was to the eastward of the Vlscaya.
"When the Brooklyn completed the turn and was
heading to the westward, parallel to the course
of the Viscaya, the Viscaya and tho Colon were
about 2400 yards to the northward and west
ward of the Brooklyn.
Tho turn of the Brooklyn was toward the
Texas.' The Texas stopped and backed her en
gines. -
On July 3, 1S9S, about the time the Brook
lyn beg-an her turn to starboard a conversation
regarding the proximity, of the, Texas took
place between Commodore Schley and Lieuten
ant A. C. Horijyson
' Admiral Schley caused to be published In a
daily paner a letter addressed to him by Lieu
tenant Commander A. C. Hodgson, dated June
11, 1S00, in which Lieutenant Commander
Hodpson said: .:■;.• w
" "The colloquy published In tho New York
Sun and alleged to have taken place between
you and me on the day of the battle oft Santi
ago. .Tuiy r,. 1SOS. never occurred.". ■
Admiral Schley did not have published other
letters of Lieutenant Commander Hodgson in
regard . to this letter. . .
Findings of the Court.
. Opinion: . The turn of tho Brooklyn to star
beard was made to avoid trettlnt; her into dan
serous proximity to tlie Spanish vessels. .The
turn was made, toward the Texas and caused
that vessel to stop and^.back her engines, to
avoid possible collision. •• ■ -
Admiral Schley did' injustice to Lieutenant
Commander A. C Hodgson In publishing only
a portion of the correspondence which passed
between them. - - ■
• Commodore Bchley's conduct in connection
with the events of the Santiago campaign
prior ■ to June 1. lSSS. was characterized by
vacillation, dilatoriness and lack of enterprise.
His official reports regarding the coal supply
and the coaling facilities of the flying squad
ron were, inaccurate and misleading.
His conduct during the battle of July 3 was
self-possessed, and he encouraged, in. his own
person, his subordinate officers and men to
fight courageously. GEORGE DEWEY,
Admiral. U. S. N., President.
SAMUEL C. LEMLY.
Judge Advocate General, . TJ. S. N., Judge
Advocate. - • . • • ■
Recommendation: In view of the length of
time ■which' has elapsed since the occurrence
of the events of the Santiago campaign the
COLLIER'S CREW
SAFE ON ISLAND
Steamer Leaves to Pick
Up Seamen of the
Matteawan.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SEATTLE, Dec. 18.— The lighthouse
tender Mansantta, Captain W. 12. Greg
ory In command, left last night for De
struction Island, forty-three miles south
of Capo Flattery and three miles oft tho
Washington coast, whe're It Is believed
the shipwrecked crew of the collier Mat
teawan Is awaiting rescue. On Tuesday
night the Manzanlta passed the Island on
her voyage from Astoria to this city and
noticed signals of distress being made,
apparently by some shipwrecked crew.
The weather was so stormy that it was
then impossible to reach land. Captain
Gregory decided to come to Seattle to coal
and then go back to the rescue. This
course he followed, departing again for
the island last night.
Several things led Captain Gregory to
believe that the stranded mariners on the
island were . the crew of the Matteawan.
It is not actually known .that the big
collier is wrecked as yet, but she is now
out twelve days ■ f rdm Nanaimo to San
Francisco, and wreckage bearing the
ship's ■ name - has come ashore south ; of
Cape Flattery. The fact that lends color
to the belief that the crew of the coal
carrier will be. found on the island is that
Second Mate E. C. Wilson of the vessel
was formerly a second mate on the Man
zanita and was familiar with the land-
Ings on Destruction Island. At present
there is a Government station, with four
employes, on the island, which is in close
proximity to where the wreckage bearing
the name of the collier was found by In
dians. -- ,
The Manzanlta should have reached the
island some time to-day and, providing
the weather allowed a safe landing, will
arrive at Astoria to-morrow. It is from
that point that the first news will come
as to the identity of the shipwrecked men.
Even if they are not from the Matteawan,
there is no question that they compose
the crew of some ship that has met grief
off the storm-swept coast during the past
week. ■
; "The signals," Captain Gregory ex
plained, "consisted of flashes from
torches, evidently in the hands of per
sons on shore, and made to 1 attract at
tention from the Manzanlta, the only ves
sel calling there regularly." |
j The steamer was turned around and the
captain beat about the island for some
time, but finding that . communication
with the shore was impossible, he came
on to this City. ' ' ■'* '■■'■■
VICTORIA, B. C, Dec. 13.— According to
advices received here the missing steam
collier Matteawan, which sailed from
Nanaimo on December 2 with 4986 tons of
coal/ was'last sighted by the crew of the
United States, lightship No. 67, stationed
off Umatilla reef,, on the afternoon of De
cembers... This was the day of the terrific
southeast gale, that caused bo much de
struction to shipping. The big cdlller sa
luted the lightship with three prolonged
whistles, and the crew of the lightship
said .that she was laboring heavily in the
storm, which hourly increased In vio
lence. '. .
1 The Matteawan's case is very similar to
those of the steam colliers Kewanaw and
Montserrat, which were lost off the cape
in a November gale seven years ago, both
vessels going down in the same storm.
SP ADDING IS ELECTED :
THE LEAGUE •PRESIDENT
NEW YORK,' Dec. 14.-A. G. Spalding
was elected-presldent",of "the National
Baseball League at T o'clock this morn
ings on the twenty-sixth ballot. On* the
former ballots -the, Brooklyn, Pittsburgh
Philadelphia and Chicago clubs voted>for
Spalding, while New York, Cincinnati,
St. Louis . and Boston voted for Young.
Just before 1 o'clock the Brush-Freedman
faction walked out of the meeting.
Brooklyn, Pittsburg, Chicago and Phila
delphia thereupon voted for Spalding for
president. The names of the other , four
magnates were called, but there was no
response. The chairman, J. I. Rogers of
Philadelphia, decided that Spalding was
elected on the basis of the decision of ex-
Speaker Reed on parliamentary questions
in Congress that members leaving with
out being excused should be counted as
present, and he directed that these men
should be registered as not voting.. 1 He
ruled that Spalding had been elected
unanimously. > . ■ v - .
.'Spalding said yesterday: '
"When, my election shall be . made
unanimous and when they shall come to
me and ask me to be their, president, if
I accept the honor, my one condition will
be . that Andrew Freedman must get out
of baseball, absolutely and entirely. He
must be wiped off 'the baseball map. On
his record in baseball, and I speak only
of his. baseball record, I; openly 'and. pub
licly charge Andrew, Freedman with being
a traitor and marplot. He has done more
to ruin baseball than any other four
forces. that ever. existed in the history. of
the game."-. . ■ ■•• ■■ •: ■'■■ > ■■' '■,'■"■
-. Freedman said that he attacked Spald
ing because of his. trade, connections,. and
continued': .•'■';■.'.• '. ,.Y v
; ."I consider his canvass most undignified.
He has in no way tised. that 'conservatism
that the league would want in its presi
dent. -He can employ bis -own -methods
and rest- assured 1 that the.; New York
Club is not worrying, in any way, shape
or. form at' the threats made.", /
'Just how Freedman is to be droppedis
not made - clear. It issaid that a new
National . League may be organized t and
that-New York may be dropped from the
circuit,* the Brooklyn club > becoming the
New York representative. 'V -\
Stops the Cough.
And works off the cold. Laxative Bromo
Quinine Tablets .'cure a - cold ; In one : day. ■ No
Cure,' ' No Pay.', ■> Price^ 25 cents. v v • •
court recommends that no furthsr , proceedings
be had in the premises.
GEORGE DEWEY.
Admiral. U. S. N., President.
SAMUEL. C. LEMLY,
Judge Advocate General, U. S. N., Judge
Advocate.
RAYNOR DECLARES
HE IS SURPRISED
Schley's Attorney Announces That
Ho Will Advise the Bear Ad
miral to Fight the Case by
Continued Appeals.
BALTIMORE, Md., Dec. 13.— Isadore
Raynor showed - keen disappointment
when the findings of the court of inquiry
were communicated to him to-night. He
announced that he would go to Washing
ton a3 soon as his engagements will per
mit, probably Monday or Tuesday, and
he will - counsel Admiral Schley to fight
the case to a finish by every appeal tnat
is possible. In an interview he said:
' "I would prefer now not to say any
thing in connection with, the opinion. I
think the country will almost unanimous
ly accept Admiral Dewey's judgment. The
testimony was so overwhelming upon
almost every one of the specifications 'in
favor of Admiral Schley that I must con
fess I am utterly at a loss to understand
upon what facts or upon the evidence of
what witness the other two members of
the court reached their conclusion.
"I am absolutely satisfied that the opin
ion of the two judges is at total variance
with the opinions of th«* country and that
this will not by any means terminate the
controversy. I shall advise the . admiral
to fight it to a finish, to open it by every
appeal that is possible, Congressional or
otherwise, and I believe that the senti
ment of the whole country will uphold
him In his resolve not to let the judg
ment stand."
NOT GUILTY
SAYS THE JURY
Mrs. Bonine Acquitted
of the Charge of
Murder.
WASHINGTON, Dec 13.-The jiyy in
the ca&Q of Mrs. Lola Ida- Henry Bonine,
charged with the murder of James Sey
mour Ayres Jr., In the Kenmore Hotel tn
this city on the night of May 13, to-night
returned a • vrnlloi of not guilty, and tha
defendant was tet at liberty.
. Such a conclusion of the trial was gen
erally expected, the popular Impression
here being that from the evidence sub
mitted the prosecution hod failed to prove
Its case against Mrs. Bonine, The jury
was out less than five hours, retiring a
few minutes after 4 o'clock in the after
noon and reporting their verdict shortly
before 9 o'clock to-night.
The attendance In the courtroom when
the jury returned was limited to the
members of the bar, representatives of
the press and the employes of the court.
There was some little attempt at a dem
onstration of approval, but this was
quickly suppressed' by Judge Anderson,
who had previously warned the specta
tors against manifestations of any Char
acter.
Mrs.- Bonine was in court at the time
the verdict was returned, and with her
were her husband and her two boys and
several of her relatives, all of whom have
shown their sympathy for her by their
constant attendance during the long trial.
The jury was discharged, and Mrs. Bo
nine and her- friends left the courthouse
by a back door. .
Judge Anderson's charge to the jury to
day was very general In character. He
wound up by saying that the jury could
bring in any one of four verdicts, viz :
That of guilty as indicted, with capital
punishment; guilty, as indicted, without
capital punishment, which would mean
imprisonment for life; manslaughter the
punishment under which would be im
prisonment for a term of years, or, last
or all, a verdict of not guilty.
Mrs. Bonine maintained the calm de
meanor which has characterized her con
duct throughout the trial and smiled ap-
Sf£ Vin & ly hen the jury returned Its ve?
dict. Her husband threw his arms affec
tionately around i.er neck and kissed her,
followed by her sons and sisters -and
hrS^ rs> *!, h< L. cli ? 8tei 5' ai-ound her. em
bracing and kissing, her. Others In the
courtroom also added their congratula
tions. • ■
After leaving the courthouse Mrs. Bo
nine accompanied her husband to the
house where he and their sons and other
relatives have been living, where It is an
nounced she will reside In the future, her
intention being to make Washington her
HON. D. P. THOMPSON
DIES IN" PORTLAND
Ex-TJnitediStates Minister to Turkey
and Former Governor of Idaho
Passes A-way. /
PORTLAND. Or., Dec. 14.-Hpn. D. P.
Thompson, capitalist and ex-United States
Minister to Turkey, died early this morn
ing... • ■ ■". v : - ■ :.-...■
Mr. Thompson was born in Ohio In 1S34.
He. came to Oregon In 1853. walking every
?j£ p ,. of the way ac ross the continent. In
1874 he was appointed Governor, of Idaho
Territory by President Grant and during
the latter part of President Harrison's ad
min stratlon he served as United States
Minister to Turkey. During the early 90s
Mr. Thompson was president of seventeen
national banks In the Northwest at one
time. i y ;,
Church Organist Turns Thief.
WILLOWS, Dec. 13.— H. J. Chamber*,
organist in a local church, has gone to
the County Jail to serve a ninety days'
term for thievery. Various tools have dis
appeared from local blacksmith - shops
during the past week and Hertry BIeI«r
located several articles belonging tf> him
in a saloon. He ascertained that they had
been • traded by a man for whisky and
got. a description of the culprit, who was
soon arrested and proved to be Chambers
He was taken before Judge Parks, plead
ed guilty and was sentenced - to ninety
days in the County Jail. y
It Is hard to believe In the" justice
which goes against us. . \.V:::-v»
AD VEBTISEMENTS. ■ • y "
Disfigured Skin
Wasted muscles and decaying bones. ..
. What havoc! -^ "/ i ; s*
Scrofula, let alone, Is capable of all that,
and more.
It is commonly marked by bunches In
the neck, inflammations in the eyes, dys-
pepsia, catarrh, and general debility.
It. la always radically and permanently
cured by ' . •.<
Hood's Sarsapdrilla
Which .'expels alirnu'mors, cures all erup-
tions, and builds up -the whole system."
whether young or old. y£:j c;
HoOd'g HUB Cite IlVfrr flia : tlio non-irritating and
only cathartic t o r->-r< r«-i*ii " -««<;« S'lraaparilial
•gSX OR. MEYERS i CO.
Y&fz^fX' SPECIALISTS FOR MEN.
I Elf <2» «w \ Established: : 1S81. ? Con-
\ vk EUltation and prlvata boo.H
1 *t&. ,£&rj. I * r€e at office or by mail.
V J^msffs / Cures K uai- anteed. I
\4P£*f|b/ 731 MARKET ST^
/>^JP^- : ': BAN FRANCISCO; CAi.
SCHLEY PLEASED WITH THE REPORT
Continued From Page One.
ened up and a smile of satisfaction wag
evident when the members o,f the court
commend^ his courage and general con
duct during the battle. He displayed
even greater satisfaction when the addi
tional report of Admiral Dewey, com
mending his entire course, was read.
Then it was that he announced; that he
was satisfied, as his honor had been vin
dicated.
CONTROVERSY HAY
GO TO CONGRESS
CALL, BUREAU, 1406 G STREET, K.
W., WASHINGTON, Dec. 13.— A further
investigation of the Schley controversy
by Congres3 is among the questions prom
inently discussed to-night. A resolution
of Representative Williams, presented in
the House and now before the Committee
on Rules, is the only measure in Con
gress bearing on the matter. This calls
for an investigation by a committee as'to
whether or not the Maclay proofs were
shown to Admiral Sampson and other
officers of the Navy Department. It does
not involve, except indirectly. Admiral
Schley's conduct.
Williams says there is only one object
of ihe resolution and that is to find out
if the Navy Department officials saw the
Maclay book before it wa3 published. He
thinks this should be done, and will press
his resolution. Representative MudcTs
opinion that Schley's friends will not let
the matter rest here is not shared by
many Senators and Representatives so far
as Congressional action is concerned. The
Southern Congressmen as a rule do not
anticipate an investigation as a result of
the findings of the court.
A group of Democratic members of the
House, while discussing the verdict of the
court, expressed the general opinion that
Admiral Dewey's minority report woula
be accepted as final by the large majority
of the American people. Leadlnsr mem
bers of the Senate and House committees
on naval affairs refused to discuss the
question of further Inquiry, giving as a
reason that they might later on have to
pass officially on the question.
Preserved fruits, in a state fit to be
eaten, have been taken from the rulna of
Herculaneum.
ADVERTISEMENTS,
0fl¥8rl!siiig instiuGlion
Wituoui Cost By e
Big Sate ana Basiasss m
Save TUoasands ol Dollars. .
This Course is from the Pea of tho Well
Known Authority, Osorje H. Powell.
[From "Success."]
Mr. Powell, who furnishes the matter
for the entire series, Is a man of untiring
energy and enthusiasm, having devoted
his entire life to the practical, theoretical
and artistic study of the subject. He is
conversant with the most successful
methods employed in the production of
effective advertisements, booklets and
auxiliaries which are of value in secur-
ing that most desirable element known as
publicity.
Mr. Powell is to-day considered by
those best competent to judge as one of
the most skillful planners and writers of
advertising: in America. Some of his
achievements are notable.
Entering the field In 1891, he quickly
revolutionized bicycle advertising and set
a pace that was never equaled. Later he
astonished patent medicine men by dem-
onstrating his ability to float a new arti-
cle and make it highly profitable the first
month.
Next came Mr. Powell's work in build-
Ing up the advertising department of one
of the largest woman's publications in
America, and In a year his methods added
nearly $50,000 worth of extra business, be-
sides materially Improving the quality of
the advertising.
About three years ago Mr. Powell es-
tablished himself in New York, and be-
sides making thousands of dollars fiom
another proprietary article of his own,
he has helped scores of others to win
through up-to-date publicity.
As a counselor and planner of - adver-
tising campaigns Mr. Powell stands first
among experts, and he is paid tha highest
fees by scores of our largest advertisers
with whom he Is in constant touch. There
isn't a week that he is not sought for in
pushing to the front stock deals or new
manufacturing enterprises.
To benefit hundreds who are anxious to
earn from $25 to $50 a week in advertis-
ing writing, and to supply advertisers
with competent he.n, Mr. Powell will' give
free Instruction to all who take advan-
tage of the opportunity. Address George
H. .Powell, lo* Temple Court, New York.
G0S03RHCSA AND DRINART DISCHAE3S3
A CURE IN 43 HOURS.
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
I "o^anT^rT-ir^ 3T ° RATiVE . **!&*&
The Mexican Remedy 10? DiJaL l , h 8exes -
neys and Bladder. Sells on It, i^i or the K »J-
NABER, ALPS & Rpf-vS 11 mer »ts.
323 Market .t> S. 7v .-%f™u,l^'cfrfffi )
ADVERTISEMENTS.
o ft
Holiday Presents
At Cut. Fates
__^-— — — —
Purses, 25c to $5.
Celluloid Sets, $1.50 to
$25.
Perfume Sets, all prices.
Atomizers, 35c to $3.50.
Cameras and Camera Sup-
plies.
Opera Glasses and Optical*
Goods. I"
EYES TESTED FREE BY AN
EXPE.1T OPTICIAN.
py<Q49*9$i
WE GIVE TRADING STAMPS.
G S>
United States Branch.
STATEMENT
OF THE—
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
Helvetia Swiss Fire
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF 8T. OAti» SWITZERX*ANT>. ON TBlWv
Slst day of December. A. D. 1000. an!
for the year «ndtn«r on that day, as mada ta
th© insurance Commissioner °* toe state ol
California, pursuant to th© provisions o? Seo-
tlona «0 and Ml of tho Political Cod©, eon*
dens.ni as p«r blank furnished by tn« Com.
na.»lo««r. Ag3ETg>
Ca«h Market Varu« or all Stocka and
Bonds owntd by Company ,..|713,87T BJ
Cash In Company 1 " OflJe* .-1^215
Cash tn Ban*« «,S0!§ &?
Interest du« and accrued on all
Storks and Loans S.SOT «7
rrcmlums In du« Court© of Collection 87.T70 U
Total Alltts * $SCT.KJ7 87
LIABILITIES. *
I*ossca adjusted and unpaid...;.'.... $12,(36 S3
Lc«s«* In Drocess at Adjustment or
In Suspense 1T.Q&3 21
Losses resisted. Including expenses. 5,230 04
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
nln* one year or less. $:1T2.T52 02:
reinsurance 50 per cent 180,370 01
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year, $13?,-
063 00; reinsurance pro rata 73,0(10 13
All other liabilities 42,293 4»
Total Liabilities $338,310 12
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for Fire
premiums ■ $438,513 94
Received for interest and dividends
on Bonds. Stocks, Loans and from
all other sources 21,863 (S3
Total Income $460,378 62 -A
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Fire Lossea (tn- -• • ' ' ■'
eluding: $69,022 28, losses ol pre-
vious years) • $371,794- 83
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 120,013 23
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc.... 3,000 00
Paid for State, National and Local
taxes 12.489 59
All other payments and expenditures 19,786 Sff
Total Expenditures $327,963 93
Fire.
Losses lnturred during the year $326,740 60
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. \ Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year $53,162,147 $616,303 83
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year * 53.364,749 694.635 01
Net amount In force
December 31. 1900. 42.437.319 510,703 92
SAML. R. WEED
(Of Weed & K^inedy). Managers.'
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 7tl»
day of February. 1901.
F. FISHBECK. Notary Public.
STZ & CO.. General Agents.
San Francisco. CaL
. United States Branch.
STATEMENT
OF Tjhjs
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS?*
OF THE
INSURANCE COMPANY;
OF BASLE. SWITZERLAND. ON THE
31st day of December. A. D. 1900, and for
the year ending on that day. as made to tha
Insurance Commissioner of the State oX Cali-
fornia, pursuant to th© provisions of aectlona
610 and 611 of tha Political Code, condensed
as per blank ' furnished by the commissioner'
ASSETS.
Cash Market Value of all Stocks mad
Bonds owned by Company 00
Cash In Company's Offlce 359 48
Cash in Banks 117,973 3a
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 1164 47
Premiums In due Course of Collec-
Uon • 6C159 21
Total Assets ..$835,2S8 72
LIABILITIES. - -
Losses adjusted and unpaid $13 357 83
Losses in process of Adjustment or
in Suspens© 17,802 73
Losses resisted, including expenses. 3.9S5 68
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less. $307,023 26:
reinsurance 50 per cent 153.312 S3
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run- >
ning • more than one year $130,- •"
134 17; reinsurance pro rata...... C8.784 15
Due and accrued for salaries, rents,
fctc 5ft* 38
All other liabilities 31.122 40 j|
Total Liabilities :„ $200,829 83^
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for fire
premiums ;..... -....$3S0,391 72
Received for interest and dividends
on Bonds, Stocka. Loans, and from
all other sources ~T77?.!Tr. - 23,987 11
Total Incom© .'........$404,378 S5
' . EXPENDITURES. ->r.
Net amount paid for Fire Losses
(Including $53,111 73, losses of pre-
vious years) $278,981 65
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 122.993 7S
Paid for Salaries. Fees, and other
charges tor • officers, clerks, etc.. 1,500 0O
Paid for State, National and Local
taxes ! 2.0C9 72
All other payments and expend!-
turea 1,863 9«
Total Expenditures .$407^09 13
Fire.
Losses Incurred during the year $254.353 25
Risk and Premiums^ Fire Klsks Premiums
Net amount of Klsks
. written during the
year ? 12.SC7.32S $502,379 34
Xet amount of Bisks
expired dorbtf the 4Ta>M4
NT De C e a^b O e U r at .l,' n i0C0°! Ce S6.Sg.TW> 4S7.13Q «
- > — ] : iSs»*
SUIT. I; Vv'EED (of Weed & Kennedy). \ BT
Managers.^^m j
Subscribed and sworn to before mr this 24tH», J
day of- January. 1901. I\ V 18 *™*?*,;
. Notary Public
STZ & CO.. General Agents. _.;'
San Francisco. Cal,PLAN REVENUE
FOR PHILIPPINES
Lawmakers Submit Re
ports on the Tariff.
Measure.
Congress Urged to Educate
the People and Open
Commerce.
WASHINGTON. Dec 13.— The House,
after less than an hour's session, ad
journed until Tuesday. The bill to tem
porarily provide revenue for the Philip
pine Islands was reported by Payne and
by unanimous consent an order for the
consideration of this bill on Tuesday and
Wednesday next was adopted, the gen
eral debate to close at 4 o'clock Wednes
day, when the bill will be placed upon
its passage.
The majority report on the Philippine
tariff bill cay«:
This bill Is designed to raise revenue for the
government ana benefit of the Philippine
Archipelago. It is intended to restore the
6t&tus which existed prior to the late decision
of tha Supreme Court in "the diamond xinrs
cue." Prior to that decision the Government
h«4 been collecting duties on goods coming into
the United States from the Philippine Archi
pelago at th« same rates as those provided in
our tariff laws for like articles imported from,
forelgrn countries. The court holds that the
Philippine Archipelago is not a foreign coun
try, and. therefore, the general tariff law does
not apply. This bill extends the rate now ex
isting upon Imports from foreign countries to
articles brought In from the Philippine Islands.
In the Philippine Archipelago the United
States Philippine Commission prepared a tariff
act alter much care and study. The chief ob
ject has been and .is to raise euf flcient revenue
to support a government in the Philippines, to
provide amply for the education of the people,
to open up the highways of commerce, both
foreign and domestic, and, to provide ample
police force for the preservation of order.
These different forms of tariff in force there
Jiave produced a surplus after paying the ex
penses of the government. This bill proposes
In the first section to make this Philippine tariff
a part of the statutes of the United States.
Money Greatly Needed.
The necessity for a continuance of revenue
which ehall be both ample and certain is im
perative. If we continue the police and con
stabulary system which has been Inaugurated
and which is doing eo much to restore and con
serve order in the islands it will call for a large
increase in appropriations. We have enrolled
l.%0,000 school children In the public schools. Of
this number more than one-half are without
any school house accommodations. It Is nec
essary that we build suitable houses at once.
Ten thousand adults were at last accounts en
rolled for night schools, and we are told that
this number has since increased probably to
at least 35.C00. These people, anxious to learn
our language and to better their mental con-f
ditlon, must be amply provided for. Four
thousand teachers have been employed, nearly
all of them recently, and their salaries must
be paid. This great work of education must
not be crippled, even for a short time, for lack
of funds.
Our Government has gone to work systemat
ically through the commission for the improve
ment of the harbor at Manila. They have let
the contract, after a public advertisement and
competitive bids, to the lowest bidder. This.
contract calls for the expenditure of three mil
lions of dollars in the near future. Roads are
bping constructed, and the building of roads In
this tropical country are expensive. These are
but a few items of expenditure which are im
perative. All these expenditures are preparing
the way for a reduction of the army and In the
end will prove of direct benefit to the taxpay
ers of the United States.
Trade Among the Islands.
The bill also provides for the collection
of tonnage taxes on vessels plying be
tween the ports of the United States and
the Philippine Archipelago. It further
provides that "vessels not of the
United States may ply between these
islands, notwithstanding our coastwise
navigation laws, until the . first day ot
January, 1505, when it is believed these
islands may safely come under the op
eration cf uur present statutes and ves
sels only cf the United States be em.
ployed in our commerce with them."
Representative Robertson presented to
the House the minority report on the
Philippine tariff bill, signed by all the
Democrats of the Ways and Means Com
mittee, except Robertson. The report
says in part:
The measure Is but another step In the well
marked line of Imperialism. It is "enacting; a
policy of pure colonialism and the worst form
of that policy. We are opposed to our Govern
ment attempting to hold territories as colonies
and treating the Inhabitants therof as subjects
and imposing upon them a government of
force. This is the method of the empire instead
cf that of the republic. We oppose the whole
policy of the majority in dealing with the
Philippine Archipelago. We believe that ln-
Ftead of the effort they are making to 6et up
and hold permanent colonies there we should
long since have Inaugurated a policy assuring
to the people of those islands stable govern
ment and their ultimate independence.
JAPANESE WILL WORK
IN MINES OF MEXICO
Uative Laborers to Be Replaced by
Hundreds of Subjects of the
. Mikado.
AUSTIN, Tex.. Dec. 13.— The United
States customs authorities at the Rio
Grande border have been advised that
peveral hundred Japanese laborers are on
their way to Mexico to work In mines and
to replace native laborers. These Japa
nese will enter Mexico by way of Eagle
Pass and El Paso, coming by way of San
Francisco in bond.
The first lot of 100 of these Japanese la
borers has just arrived at Barroteran.
Mexico, where they take the place of
Mexicans in the coal mines.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
CaiBJL WINDS
k. - - '., ■■■'■'' ■
(Are the dread of those whose lungs are
"weak."— Some fortunate people can
follow the summer as it goes southward,
and escape the cold blasts' of winter and
*the chill airs of spring. But for the
majority of people this is impossible.
Family cares and.
tefZ3> business obliga-
tions hold them
\ yCfflJigy are made strong
*/_ ; ; by the use of Dr.
cfittiliiaiy iledical Discov-
£|^\jj&fpS|jf er J r - 1 ( cures the
/ >Aj ' w ~ [ obstinate cough,
A jraj i^^y^^^^a^ heals the in-
>OTgg* \ .-_. '' ;gaflesh to the ema-
]?: -/ '■'-:,■ '.', '■-,-. H^ciated body.
/- \2> : I ~lf§iEa3fSi "I am a railroad
JEZaBS £Sl agent," writes I. B.
SgaBBrftfflCTF^ Staples. Esq., of
fpQKffifejjP'^ Barclay, Osage Co..
II Kans., "and four
t\ I vears ago my work
<J I keeping me in a
fgw-^^ wsird room and
TS®"w stepping out fre-
"""""•« quently into the
eold air cave me bronchitis, which became
chronic and deep seated. Doctors felled to
reach mv case and advised me to try a hi§ner
cir. but. 'fortunately for me. a friend also advised
rae to try Dr. Pierce's medicines. I commenced
taking your * Golden Medical Discovery.' and by
the ticie 1 had taken the first bottle I was bet-
ter, and after taking about four bottles my
cough was entirely gone. I have found no ne-
cessity for secltinj another climate." ;« .
Sometimes a dealer, tempted by the
little more profit paid on the sale of less
meritorious medicines, will offer the
customer a substitute aa being "just aa
-^ood " as the w Discovery."
You get the People's Common Sense
iledical Adviser, the best medical work
ever published, free by sending stamps,
to pay expense of mailing only.. Send
21 onccent stamps for book in paper
covers, or 31 stamps for cloth-bound vol-
ume, to Dr. R. V. Pierce, Buffiilo,, N. Y.
POLICE AWAIT
HIS AWAKENING
Slumbering Hypnotist
Has Legal Surprise
in Store.
Former Wife 'Says That He
Retains Her Share
of Receipts. . ';
Special Dispatch to The Call.
OMAHA. Neb.. Dec. 13.— Carl Atheno,
a hypnotist, lies in his coffin, having com
pleted five days of this week in self-im
posed sleep. Two wives are waiting for
his awakening, one with a warrant for
his arrest. Since the financial success of
the slumber was assured Mrs. Lottie Mc-
Manigle of Kansas City has appeared to
contest the right of the present Mrs.
Atheno, now keeping watch beside the
coffin.
Mrs. McManigle says she was married
to Atheno three years ago in New York
and that the hypnotist has since changed
his name for esthetic purposes. Although
Atheno has lately cleared $1800 by his ex
periments. Mrs. McManigle says she has
been obliged to get along with only $5 as
her share. She has sworn out a warrant
charging Atheno with abandonment and
is only deterred from Including blgainy
In the complaint through the difficulty of
locating the second Mrs. Atheno's mar
riage record. The reigning Mrs. Atheno
says she is Atheno's lawfully wedded wife
and that all will be explained satisfactor
ily when the sleeper wakens.
For three days Atheno rested beneath
six feet of ground. He was disinterred,
however, by order of the Mayor, who
feared that the extreme cold weather
would convert the apparent corpse into a
real one and that the city might thereby
lay itself open to a damage suit. Atheno
now occupies a well-heated grave in a
hall. Near the bier sits a policeman ready
to arrest Atheno the moment he regains
consciousness. r ..
EZ&ICTURES and stories
*■ Jor the young and the
old! Poetry and prose! Ser-
mons from the pens of em-
inent California 'divines! A
nezu game that you can cut
out of the paper, paste on
cardboartf, and play during
the long winter evenings!
All of these and much more
in next Sunday's Call — the
great Christmas edition.
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
Changes Made in the Postal Service
and More New Pensions
Granted.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 13.— The Postoffice
Department to-day announced th'e follow
ing: Postmasters commissioned—Califor
nia—Joe H. Hunter. Knob; Edith M. Bill
ings, Brooks. Oregon— James W. Butler,
Buell. Appointed: California— Albert C.
Hogan, Boonville. Menddfclno County, vice
Thomas E. Rawles, resigned; Adon H.
Thompson, Bowman, Placer County, vice
Fedele T. Musso, resigned; Clemlngs
Kessing. Occidental. Sonoma County, vice
Joe Meeker, resigned. Oregon— Isaac F.
Davies. Dairy. Klamath County, vice
John M. Anderson, resigned. Washing
ton—Charles E. Pennington, Boisttort,
Lewis County, vice R. M. Johnson, re
moved. '
These pensions were granted: California
—Original— John N. Hubbard, Vallejo, $6.
Increase— James T. Way, Stockton, $10;
Robert Tankard, Soldiers' Home, Los An
geles. $8; Charles F. Harrington, Oakland,
$12; Michael Dean, Sierra ville, $12; Jos
eph Engel. Petaluma, $10; Johns Eads
Parker. Los Angeles, $S; Tip Smith,
BrownelL $12. Original widows— Johanna
Stultz, San Francisco, $8; Jennie Lee,
Tulare, $8; minor of Morltz M. Muehlig, I
San Diego, $14.
Oregon: Original— War with Spain—Jas
per E. Troutt, Hammond, $6.
« Washington: Original— Seth C. Hlldreth,
Aberdeen, $8; Robert Lowe, View, $6. In
crease—Daniel Doty, Latah, $10; William
Haney. Alma, ?8. ''. j
W. M. Bunker of San Francisco, repre
senting the commercial organizations of
that city and of California, who is to look
after matters affecting business interests
of his State before Congress, was at the
Capitol to-day conferring with the mem
bers of the California delegation.
Representative Needham extended to
President Roosevelt this morning an in
vitation from the Department of Califor
nia and Nevada. G. A. R.. to attend the
annual encampment of the .organization
to be held in Hanford, California, next
May. The President expressed pleasure
at receiving the invitation. He said that
his intention is to visit California and the*
Pacific Coast some time next year, but
that he cannot now say what time of the
year he will be able to make the trip.
OFFICIALS ARRESTED
ON EMBEZZLEMENT CHARGE
Members of Security Redemption
Finn Accused of Having Misap
propriated Large Sums.
BIRMINGHAM. Ala., Dec. 13.— George
W. Morgan, president, and George Blinn
Jr.. treasurer, of the Continental Secur
ity Redemption Company, doing an ex
tensive business In Alabama, Kentucky
and Georgia, and W. L. Dodd, formerly
secretary and treasurer of the Birming
ham Debenture Company, have been ar
rested on charges of embezzlement, the
amounts alleged varying from $800 to
J25.000.
Four warrants are held against George
W. Morgan, the amounts alleged aggro
gating $62,000. Two warrants are held
against Blinn, one charging embezzle
ment of $25,000 and the other charging
embezzlement of a check for $25,000. -
The Continental Security Redemption
Company up to the time its . affairs be
came involved In the courts carried on
a debenture redemption business.
Wants Ex-Governor to Be Tried.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 13.—Representa
tive Robinson of Indiana to-day intro
duced two measures designed to secure
the extradition of ex-Governor Taylor of
Kentucky from Indiana, where he is said
to be sojourning, to Kentucky, where he
is wanted in connection with the Goebel
tragedy. One of the measures is Tor an
investigation whether the Governor of
any State is Justified In refusing to recog
nize extradition papers from the Gover
nor of another State. The other measure
provides that in case a Governor refuses
to recognize extradition papers they may
be executed by a United States Marshal.
Creed Revisionists Make Progress.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 13.-The Presby
terian committee on creed revision to
day completed the brief statement of the
reformed faith for the Information of the
church members. It consists of sixteen
articles. The official statement given out,
after saying the statement was tentative
ly adopted, adds: "The committee is now
engaged on the matter of the second in
struction from the assembly, the prep
aration of a declaratory statement to ex
plain certain disputed points in the con
fession of faith, such as the doctrines of
election, and of the salvation of all in
fants." ,
Negro Murderers Are Hanged.
, MEMPHIS. Tenn., Dec. 13.— Frank Can
non and 'Will Kelly, both colored, were
banged at Helena, Ark., to-day for the
murder last July of Isaac Lane and his
wife.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL., SATURDAY, DECEMBER 14, , 19O1.
CHILE, VEXED BY MORE DELAY,
SENDS ARGENTINA A LAST NOTE
Thousands of Troops : of One of the Quarreling Republics in
South America Are Reported to Have Been Ordered Out and
in Readiness to Take a Quick Part in the* Possible Hostilities
UENOS AYRES, Dec. 13.-Accord
ing to • the latest advices from
the- Chilean capital, Secretary of
Foreign Affairs Senor Tanaz has
tendered to the Argentine Minis
ter, Senor Portela, a new proposal for a
settlement of the dispute.
It is understood that Chile will not
make another proposal if this new one is
rejected by Argentina. In case Argen
tina rejects the proposal a view will.be
taken that peace with Chile is , not de
sired and that war is acceptable. \
The Argentine army has now been in
creased to 60,000 men. It is believed that
with the police the total ' force will
amount to 80,000. Chile is mustering her
forces. - :
A dispatch from Santiago says that the
Brazilian. Minister to-day visited Presi
dent Riesco and tendered the good offices
of his Government, but that President
Riesco thanked him for the offer and de
clared that mediation was not necessary.
He added that the dispute would be set
tled amicably between the two govern
ments. Official reports give the follow
ing account concerning the offer of medi
ation by the United States:
The United States Minister in Santiago
informed his Government that President
Riesco was disposed to accept mediation.
Secretary Hay thereupon Instructed Min
ister Lord here to extend his good offices
to Argentina. Minister Lord yesterday
conferred with the Foreign Minister,
Senor Alcorta, who declared that he did
not believe it opportune to accent foreign
mediation at the present time.
The Tribuna, President Riesco's organ,
strongly denies the truth of a dispatch
sent to the London Daily Telegraph from
Washington announcing that the Argen
tine Minister, Senor Garcia Merou, ! re
quested the mediation of tfle United
States. The paper says the Argentine
Minister in Washington never did such a
thing.
Brazilian and Uruguayan papers declare
that neither country could remain neu
tral in case of war, in view of the'impor
tance of the interests which would be af
.fected by the struggle.
TROOPS FOR THE PASSES.
Thirty Thousand Men May E[old the
Mountains Around Chile.
LONDON, Dec. 13.— The Times to-day
prints a dispatch from Valparaiso under
to-day's date announcing that decrees
have been published calling out a suffi
cient number of conscripts and territorial
guards to place 30,000 men at the disposal
of Chile to protect the mountain passes.
PARIS, Dec. 13.— A dispatch received
here from Santiago de Chile under to-
ATTEMPTS TO CHECK
HUSBAND'S GAMBLING
Wife of a City Trustee of Redding
Begins War Against the Green
Cloth Fraternity.
REDDING, Dec. 13.— Mrs. H. Cline
pchmidt, whose husband Is landlord of
Temple Hotel and a City Trustee, has
embarked upon a crusade to drive the
tiger from his lair in Redding. She has
caused the arrest of Bemis brothers, on
a charge that they maintain a gambling
game upon their premises. The affair
has caused a tremendous sensation. It
was the outgrowth of City Trustee Cline
schmidfs love, for, gambling and his
wife's opposition thereto.
No one was more surprised than the
City Trustee when the arrests were
made. H. A. Bemis is a guest of the
Temple and a close friend of Cline
schmldt. The latter implored his wife
not to press her complaint, but she Is
inexorable. He has now asked the two
brothers to plead guilty and allow him
to pay their fines. Clineschmidt denies
that he has lost money through gambling,
declaring that he is ahead of the game.
Hanna and Foraker Quarrel.
COLUMBUS, Ohio. Dec. 13.-John O.
Malloy, secretary, of the Republican State
Executive Committee, returned to-day
from Washington and confirms the report
of a breach between Senators Hanna and
Foraker, the latter refusing to make a
single concession in the organization of
the Legislature.
Copies of the great Christmas edi
tion can "be obtained from all agents,
newsdealers, newsboys and , at the
Business Office of this paper.
Earth Trembles in Sicily.
ROME, Dec*. 14.— Earthquakes were felt
last night 'in the province of Catania, Si
cily, and in the southern Italian provinces
of Calabria and Lecce.
I THE TWO GREAT GHRfSTMAS BOOKS OF WO1. if
/i STRONG, VIVID, AMERICAN, SWEET, HEALTHFUL. fe
52 ■ . .' "* CAN FIGHT SASSY, BUT NOT FOR NO KING BUTGOD A'MIGHTY." * -'■•-; /JJ|
$J SO SAYS D'RI IN THE GREAT STORY • . ; £ft
§S . 150th THOUSAND. @
By IRVING BACHELLER, author of "EBEN HOLDEN." Eight Drawings by F. C. Tohn. Price $1.50. % ,®
Those words are the) keynote of his character, which is strong, patriotic, inspiring, full of the ruggedness of the wild woods ■
the cunning of the fox, the wisdom of the bear. . • - / frift
ff§ Do people buy books? la it because they are praised. by their own publishers? NO. It Is because some friend has read the dfo
Jjjv . book. He meets you— he asks if you have, and perhaps you say no. Kt9
ll WELL, READ IT, HE SAYS.
SJ . Thos e are the magic words that sell books-millions of them. Heie are men you know— wise and disinterested men of good &
f^p Judgment whose word is as that of a friend. They say: , . ; tv, -
READ D'RI} AND -I . J£
BECAUSE: "It is a most vivid and engrossing tale worth telling, and well told." says the WON JOHN HAY SS
j& Secretary of State.' ; ' - « ' . V\ : . ' • ; nwn. uwnm nMi, up
V BECAUSE: D'RI AND I is a rare book, in style vivid, . in thought 'elevating. . I wish every young m,an and woman might • W
vjt read it for the lesson of its love motive. It makes you. see clearly the difference between true and false love: you feel «V
$2 r,-n.'-,*™J he Peril of the one.,the. beauty of the.other," so says thaREV. DR. T. DeWITT TALMACE. tf&
jjr . BECAUSE: .."It is a story; of interest and.bumor, which carries with : it. splendid. lessons of brave character, true patriotism and *P
Pure love," so says PRESIDENT WILLIAM DeWITT HYDE of Bowdoin College. < W
&h A great story, full of love, mystery, droll sayings, Neariy 400,000 aold in America and England. ' 1»
M . > ■ - rBj IRVING BACHELLER. Price $i:50. ...... ... S>
\p Says General ; David B.. Henderson. .Speaker of the House; of Representatives: '.'Dear Old Eb! When troubles and bur- W
dens press upon me,; :old Eb can, lighten them. : .'EbenHolden' is one book in thousands. It goes to the heart; it lifts the character; • wd
*to It makes character; it will keep the young good, and make the; bid better."- \,\r '-■'■,
Jj9 L OX HR«OP PUBLI ©HjI-NiG" • COMPANY , B o s* on. i %
Special Dispatch to The Call.
day's date says: "The alarm manifested
in Argentina Is declared in Chilean offi
cial circles to . be unwarranted. In the
opinion of the Government the boundary
dispute will not justify a rupture."
A news agency here this afternoon re
ceived a dispatch from its . office at
Buenos Ayres, dated 11 o'clock this morn
ing, confirming a dispatch from Buenos
Ayres last night, announcing the calling
out of the Argentina army reserves, and
■adding that at the request of the Gov
ernment the*Chamber of Deputies had
sanctioned a bill setting aside the conver
sion fund to be used for the national de
fense. Continuing, the dispatch from
Buenos Ayres sa^s:
"The, report that fhe United States will
offer its good offices is confirmed. At
Chile's request the American Minister has
sounded the- intentions of the Argentina
Government. Brazil has offered, media
tion also. It was announced here that
Chile has called out 15,000 men, but the
news is questioned, because, according to
the officials here, Chile does not possess
the means to equip and move such a body,
of men. Much anxiety prevails here in
view of the fact that a decisive conference
on the boundary dispute and other mat
ters Is to take place at Santiago to-day.
Public feeling is very strong.
"Senor Anchorena has offered to bear
the expense of a regiment during the en
tire ' campaign, and patriotic ' offers of
various descriptions are arriving from all
parts of the country. Nevertheless, in
certain quarters, the opinion is persistent
ly held that war between Argentina and
Chile is improbable."
DENIES ALARMING TALES.
Chilean Statesman Cables That a
Settlement Is Not . Improbable. .
CALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET, N.
,W., WASHINGTON, Dec. 13.—Pan-Amer
ican circles in Washington are In a fever
of anxiety to-night as a result of the con
ferences held to-day in Santiago by the
Minister for Foreign Affairs of Chile and
the Argentina Minister. 'Senor Infante,
Chilean Charge d' Affaires, is confident
that war will not occur. His confidence
is based upon . this dispatch, which
reached him to-day from the Chilean
Minister for Foreign Affairs:
"The alarming reports published .by the
press are all without foundation. The
Government of Chile is confident that the
conference which will take place to-day
between the Minister for Foreign Affairs
and the Argentina Minister will result in
an amicable settlement."
Senor Infante said that this' message is
in line with many others which he has
received. ■ .
"I am sure that negotiations will result
in an arrangement satisfactory to both
governments," he . continued. "I Jiave
STEVENSON" DENOUNCES \
'<DR." JOHN A. DOWIE
Dupe of the Zion Leader Tells How
He Was Bunkoed Out of a
Fortune.
CHICAGO, Dec. 13.— Gaping crowds
thronged Judge Tuley's courtroom and
the adjacent halls to-day, curious to hear
disclosures against "Dr." John Alexander
Dowie in the suit for the appointment of
a receiver for his Zlon lace industries.
Samuel" Stevenson was on the stand most
of tr>e morning, and continued his testi
mony charging Dowie with defrauding
him of large .sums of money. Letters from
the "General Overseer" to Stevenson were
read and created a buzz of comment. The
plaintiff's testimony tended to show that
"Dr." Dowie used honey words and a
show of considerate feeling to induce
Stevenson to part with his money, but
that later when Stevenson learned that
Dowie claimed entire ownership in the
lace industries, Dowie's attitude toward
him turned to one of abuse. The plaintiff
testified that because he demanded his
rights in the business transaction Dowie
had abused him from the pulpit of Zion
Tabernacle and had unmercifully flayed
him through articles in Dowie's "Leaves
of Healing." . :
Smelter to Be Shut Down.
OMAHA, Dec. 13.— Manager Page of the
American Smelting and Refining plants
at Omaha and Argentine, Kans., returned
to-day from the East. He says the smelt
er at Argentine will be shut down perma
nently about February 1. The built of
the machinery' in the Argentine plant,
said Page, is of old style, and to, refit it
with new and modern machinery would
cost as much as a new smelter.
POLICE ELECT OFFICERS.— The annual
election of officers of the Widows' and Orphans'
Aid Association of the Police Department was
held yesterday and resulted as follows: John
Ralnsbury. president; Robert Kerrlson. vice
president: John O'Meara, recording secretary;
Samuel Rankln, financial secretary; John Dun
can, treasurer: board of trustees — Peter Fan
ning, George Lake. Daniel Sylvester, John W.
Davids, Samuel Orr.
always entertained the belief that peace
♦ill be ' preserved and I see no reason to
change that view." - \. *. „,_„
Senor Infante denied to-day that . Chile
is endeavoring to purchase warships m
the United States: He said that reports
to this effect probably arose out of the
efforts*, of private firms to buy warships
in the hope of selling them to Chile. It
is learned from an authoritative source
that Chile has. been negotiating for men
of-war in Japan, but it is not known that
her efforts have been suceeissf ul.
No word has been received by the State
Department from Minister Lord at
Buenos Ayres \n relation to . the attitude
adopted by Argentina to . the intimation
given to I her that the United States is
prepared to exercise Its good offices,
Chile having expressed willingness that
they should be used. Argentina will un
doubtedly refuse to permit mediation, be
lieving that a settlement should be effect
ed directly between herself and Chile.
If war occurs it will not be so much over
the question of where the boundary shall
be placed as to Whether Argentina or
Chile shall be the dominant power of
South America.
CALL TO ARMS SOUNDS.
Chile Musters Her Reserves in Prep
aration for Possible
Conflict.
SANTIAGO DE CHILE, Dec. 13.— A
contingent of the Chilean reserves has
been called to arms. It numbers about
50,000 men. No movement of the. military
forces under arms has occurred, how
ever. Everything is quiet here in expecta
tion of the announcement of Chile's an
swer to Argentina, which, according to
public opinion, will be firm and serene.
The Brazilian Government has proffered
Its amicable mediation in the Argentina-
Chile ' dispute. It would seem here that
this action will not be necessary, as both
the Argentina and Chilean governments
hope to come to terms.
LONDON, Dec. 13.— The Associated
Press learns from an authoritative source
that the Chilean reply to the representa
tions of the Minister of the Argentine
republic to Chile was presented to-day
Confidence is expressed by the officials
here that the basis for a settlement pro
posed will lead to a satisfactory arrange
ment between the two governments.
The Daily Mail has 'received dispatches
from Valparaiso and Buenos Ayres ex
pressing the belief that peace will be pre
served and stating that Great Britain has
notified both the Argentina and Chilean
governments of her willingness to medi
ate if requested to do so. The Chilean
State Council, the dispatch adds, recom
mends that the strength of the navy te
; increased to fifteen large warships.
CAPTIVE MISSIONARY !
IS IN GOOD HEALTH
State Department Receives Informa
tion About Miss Stone From the
Brigand Camp.
CALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET, N.
W., WASHINGTON, Dec. 13.— Secretary
Hay received a dispatch to-day from
Spencer Eddy, Charge d'Affaires of the
United States in Constantinople, in re
lation to the negotiations with the Bul
garian brigands who hold Miss Stone
captive. . •-•..• • .
Miss Stone, is well. Beyond this fact
the State Department declines • to make
public the contents of the message. The
brigands have, not yet been convinced
that the entire ransom of $110,000 cannot
be raised, and until . this belief is dis
pelled the authorities say It is hopeless
to expect the woman's release.
Sentenced for a Conspiracy.
NEW YORK, Dec. 13.— The appellate di
vision of the Supreme Court handed down
a decision to-day confirming the convic
tion of Alfred R. Goslin, Eugene L. Pack
er and Charles T. Davis on charges of
conspiracy. It was alleged that these
men conspired to depress the stock of the
Brooklyn Rapid Transit Company. Goslin
was sentenced to six months in the peni
tentiary and to pay a $500 fine, and Davis
and Packer to three months in the peni
tentiary and to pay a. $300 fine each.
Unknown Woman Drowns Herself.
A woman about 55 years of age com
mitted suicide late last night by jumping
into the bay off Union street wharf. The
watchman of the British ship Hanemoa
saw her going in the direction of the
wharf and as she did not return he went
to Investigate. He found her body float
ing in the water about twenty-five feet
from the bank. The body was removed
from the water by Charles Hanson and
J. A. Pye. a sailor, and taken to the
Morgue. There was nothing about her
clothing by which the remains could be
identified. .
YEARS OF HIS
LIFE A BLANK
Prank Strong Victim of
Peculiar Lapse df
Memory.
Missing Mississippi Lawyer
"Comes to" in a British
Columbia City.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VANCOUVER, B. C, - Dec. 13.— The
story of Franklin Strong, who was lost
four years and "found himself" yester
day in New Westminster, promises to be
at least a nine days' wonder. His experi
ence was a strange one. Four yeara^ago
he left his home to go to his office in
Aberdee.n, Miss.; in the regular course of
business. He remembers nothing after
that until he came to himself on Tuesday
of this week on Columbia street. New
Westminster. He was living In Aberdeen
four years Sago, and where he has been
and what ne has been doing since then
he does not know. The period was a
blank to him, and, strangely enough,
when his senses returned he remembered
only the moment when four years ago he
was walking down to his ofnee in Aber
deen. ,
Another peculiar fact is that, although
a lawyer with a good education. Strong
was another man since 1S97. From the
appearance of his hands he has been en
gaged at hard manual work and evidently
his education and attainments were of lit
tle use to him. . v - . ••■■;
Strong seemed surprised when Dr.
Boggs tola him that he was in ■ New
Westminster, and not in. the State of Mis
sissippi. He appeared to be in good
health, but complained that he had lost
money in mining— where he could not re
member. He asked about President Mc-
Kinley and was horrified to learn of the
martyr's death. He said he remembered
something about the Cuban war. but hajfT
no idea how It had ended, and, so far as
the Boer, war and other important events
were concerned, his mind was a blank.
Strong asked for no assistance from
either Dr. Boggs or Dr. Kendall. Dr. Ken
dall offered to pay for his bed at a hotel,
but the man refused. He said that he
would go to the police station and he in
sisted on having his own way in that re
spect. He spoke several times of the
horror he had of the publicity that he
would attract when the story of his
strange experience became public. He
knew that it would attract attention be
cause ne remembered the notoriety he got
when a lad of 16 years. At that time he
had a lapse of memory and wandered
.away from home. He came to himself
three weeks afterward and found himself
150 miles away from his abode.
Strong was put under no restriction and
to-day went for. a walk. Since then no
trace of him has been discovered.
PHILIPPINE STOCK
CANNOT BE LANDED
Secretary Wilson Guards Against tho
Spread Here of Infectious Ani
mal Diseases.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 13.— The accept
ance of Andrew Carnegie's gift of $10,000,
000 for educational purposes was dis
cussed Informally at the Cabinet meeting
to-day, but no definite conclusion was
reached In regard to it, and probably will
not be for several days.
The Cabinet also discussed a special or
der subsequently promulgated by Secre
tary Wilson prohibiting the landing at
any ports of the United States; Hawaii
or any of the dependencies of this Gov
ernment of any livestock of any kind
from the Philippine Islands. The order
takes immediate effect and is due to the
prevalence of infectious animal . diseases
in the Philippines.
It was announced after the meeting
that J. H. Colbert had been selected by
the President for United States Marshal
for the Southern District of the Indian
Territory, vice John Hammer, whose
term of office expires January 19. Col
bert was a member of Roosevelt's Rough
Riders. . . :
Hay Will Be the Orator.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 13.— The Joint
committee of the two houses of Congress
appointed to make arrangements .for a
memorial service In honor* of the late
President McKlnley held a meeting to
day and decided to invite Secretary of
State John Hay to be the orator. This
selection was made upon a motion by
Senator Fairbanks, who briefly addressed
the committee, speaking feelingly of Pres
ident McKinley, referring to Secretary
Hay's fitness for the task and outlining
precedents. The date and time ■ for hold
ing the service will be fixed later. . *
German Labor Situation.
BERLIN, Dec. 13.— The most recent In
vestigations into German labor conditions
show the labor situation to be growing
worse. The Arbetise Markt, a newspaper,
says there were 224 applications for 100
vacancies In November, against 200 appli
cants for the same number of vacancies
in October.
TURNS WRATH
ON UNCLE SAM
Venezuela Displeased at
Attitude of this
Nation.
Gerieral Uprising May Occur
in the Little Re-
WILLEMSTAD. Island of Curacao.
Dec. 13. via Haytien cable.— There has
been a halt In the exchange of communi
cations between Germany and Venezuela,
owing to the publication in the newspa
pers of Caracas of cable dispatches from
the United States setting forth that the
Government at Washington will not op
pose any steps which Germany may take
to enforce her rights in Venezuela, with
the exception of preventing the annexa
tion of Venezuelan t'erritory. .
As a result the newspaper attacks on
Germanuy have ceased, but the semi-of
ficial papers are now attacking the
United Mates, saying that Washington,
in authorizing Germany to take action
in her dispute with Venezuela, looks upon
the latter country as being part of tha
territory of the United States.
It is believed here that Germany at the
end of the present month will taKe steps
to obtain a due acknowledgment of her
claims for $2,000,000 arising from losses
sustained by German citizens during the
last revolution here and ..disallowed by
Venezuela, who answered last year that
Germany should present her claims be
fore the special Venezuelan courts ap
pointed to pass upon such matters. But
Germany^ the United States, Great Brit
ain and I'"rance refused to appeal to these
courts. Italy alone, being bound by a
former'treaty, was obliged to present her
claims to the Venezuelan courts. The
claim of the Disconto Eank of Berlin will
probably be included In the claims pre
sented by Germany.
The situation in Venezuela Is critical
and fears are expressed of a general up
rising there in January.
Treaty With Nicaragua.
MANAGUA. Nicaragua, Dec. 13.— Tho
Nlcaraguan Minister of Foreign Rela
tions, Senor Sanchez, and William I* Mer
ry. United States Minister to Nicaragua,
Salvador and Costa Rica, have signed a
protocol for a treaty, which provides fur
the admission of flour, wines (under 14 de\
grees), fresh and dried fruits and pre
served products from the United States
into Nicaragua free of duty. •
ADVE3TISE3IENTS.
In spite of
ofttto ■' ■'■%
written to
Gilbert Parker's
Right of Way
is the
best selling . '
novel '
in the U. S.. \
we don't
know yet
just why.
did you buy it ?
said b:
We shall
tabulate
these •
fine letters
soon. ' . ,
Harper & Brothers, N. Y.
California
Limited...
The greatest train across the conti-
nent. High speed combined with
high-class accommodations have made
it the most popular with travelers. '
Frcm San : Francisco, daily, 9 A. M.
. . Ticket Office— 641 Market Street .-.
WKT 1&^2i IS? lilkss^fB
m « Si EH ffl -M A*^al
tBBk CH1CHESTEH-3 ENGLISH
Hi «iCT~v " Oriitial m<1 Otil; 6«aala« .-
Vr J T^KSAFE. *i»i;.™;l.w.. Lxllv, iu t>nnirt
>ftl£Ssii •" cHicHJssTmvsTbiGijHJa
fetkbP&sSS In UC1> an't tiold motiilto boxea. mini
«K — -IHi*J »HlJ tlM rihbon. Take no other. Refuto
TO 8K» Wj !>«•> ecm«» s u b«ti taUoitu and Imlu.
I " / ~ flj tlon»- Bay *t jsnr Drngglit, or Mad 4c. la
I (v ' Jl "taruwt fcr Particular*. Tentlnonlala
\ «• fp w>d "Relief fnr Ladlen," tn Uam, if r«.
_\~ ■ P ' ton Mail. 11l.fllMlTr.,lmn»l,l,. 8«M t>,
--rrtI)n«HM. ChlehesterCiieiMlealC*!
Mention tbU p.por. U«d!*»r "n-uix, flilLA™ i'Z?
yTeekly Call $1 Der Tear
34
WINTER SPORTS AND PASTIMES INTEREST DEVOTEES
EQUESTRIANISM
IN THE PARK
GROWS POPULAR
Automobile Fad Makes No In
roads on Ranks of Horse
Lovers— San Mateo Hunting
The recent horse show In ICew York was
the most successful ever held there and
refutes the claims of the automobilisbs
that the horse will be relegated to ob
scurity either as an animal for pleasure
driving or for utility. The same claim
was made when cycling had apparently
led captive the young and the old, the
rich and the poor. •
To-day the show and parade of the bi
cycle is at an end and the wheel is play
ing its utilitarian part in the world with
out the glitter and pageantry which
marked its use at the height of its glory.
The automobile will always be more
costly than ite lowly relative, the
bicycle, and can never attain the popu
larity which marked the vogue of the
latter. For one reason the American
roads are against its development. When
the manufacturer turns out a machine ca
pable of attaining a speed of more than
liity miles an hour its owner can find no
stretch of road over which he can travel
with safety at any such rate. In France
this is possible, and in England and Ger
many it is also . possible, although in a
lesser degree.
The horse has stood the test of time
and to-day is more firmly Intrenched in
the affections cf the people than it has
been in years. This was shown in the
monster sale of standard bred trotters in
New York some weeks since, when a
half million dollars was paid for light
'.. harness horses. It is shown in this city
in the increased number of equestrians
and drivers seen In Golden Gate Park
throughout the week, and especially on
♦Sunday. The riding academies are turn
ing cut accomplished horsemen and horse
women by the score and interest in the
healthful pastime is steadily on the in
crease.
The Park Commissioners have done
much to foster this by building bridle
paths through picturesque parts of their
domain. The paths are soft under the
horses' feet and wind in and out, reliev
ing the tedium of a straight, hard road.
The San Mateo County Hunt will meet
at 2 o'clock to-day at Uncle Tom's Cabin,
on the San Bruno road. Next Wednes
day, the 18th inst., the meet will be at
the Dairy, Millbrae, at the same hour.
On Saturday, the 21st. hounds and hunters
Trtil rendezvous at San Carlos station on
the Southern Pacific Railway.
Last Saturday morning the hunt met
at 10 o'clock at Moormeads, Fair Oaks,
the home of J. J. Moore, acting master,
The scent led through the Selby property
to Redwood City, where there was a
check. Thence the run was in the rear of
J. L. Flood's estate to Palo Alto, where
there was another check. Resuming the
chase, the hounds led the way over the
Payne lands Into the Hearst estate, and
thence Into Bedding's property. There
were several stiff fences, and In the
course of the run J. Athearn Folger, J.
J. Moore, Charles Dunphy and Parker
Whitney came down. Owing to the soft
ness of the ground they suffered no se
rious harm. After the morning's sport
the members were entertained at luncheon
by -Acting Master J. J. Moore. Among
these who followed the hounds were J. J.
Moore, Harry and Mrs. Howard, Walter
S. Martin, Charles Dunphy, J. Athearn
Folger, Jeff Moore. Walter and Mrs. Ma
gee and Parker Whitney. On Wednesday
last the hounds met at Laurel Creek.
Horses selected for hunting purposes
Bhould be patiently and thoroughly
trained to lead over any reasonable Jump.
They should be led over "trappy" places,
as an occasional fall will make them
careful. A small trench on the take-off
side of the fence has a most beneficial
effect on their education. A young horse,
thoroughly trained to lead over fences,
inay be ridden with hounds at short no
tice. This training of a hunter is always
& labor of lore for a hunting man. A
long, plain snaffle bit of medium sub
stance, with double reins stitched, not
buckled in, Is the favorite in the Irish
hunting field. The lower reins should pass
through the martingale. .The fashionable
hunting bridle, however, is the bit* and
braddoon.
DEHPSEY MEMORIAL FUND
SHOULD GBOW QUICKLY
Sporting Men of the East and. West
Are "Working Earnestly to Raise ' ■
the Bequired Money. :
The Jack Dempsey memorial fund has
been given a start from which great re
sults are expected. The sporting men In
terested met last night In Concord Hall,
Alcazar building.
A permanent organization was effected
by the election of the following officers:
President. John L. Herget; vice president.
Jack Welsh; second vice president, Bar
ney Farley: secretary. Tim McGrath:
treasurer, Harry E. Corbett; sergeant-at
arms, Charles Jones. The president will
appoint an executive committee of fif
teen, which will act with the officers.
The original idea of limiting contribu
tions tq $3 each has been abandoned and
any amount will be gratefully received.
The entire fund will not be used for a
etone to mark the "Nonpareil's" grave.
Some of It will be devoted to the educa
tion of the dead boxer's two orphan
daughters.
. Billy Madden and Tom Sharkey are in
teresting the sporting- men of the East in
the movement.
Wheelmen Will Bace.
The five-mile handicap road race of
the San Francisco "Wheelmen, which has
been postponed several times, will be de
cided to-morrow over the San Leandro
triangle. The members will cross the bay
on the S a. m. boat. The entries and"
handicaps are as follows:
W. GuBtavison. F. Pamse. J. Speckman aad
Jim Jefferles, 3:20; Walter RonsBell. L. Mer
rlam, A. Cosseran, O. Herbert. F. Muller, T.
Johnson. Geonre Watton. Alex Gonzales. 11.
Myers and R. Plamondon, 8:00; E. Warren,' W.
Johnson. L. Keteinr. W. A. Smith, H. Lynch,
W. l>tta, J. F. VJera and F. Senstack. 2:30;
R. Nolenx G- Cushman and O. Malleclc. 2:00:
R. Varney.v I* H. Hammond. Ed Hoffman and
Ed Nolen, 1:30: George Crawford, Joe Thslan,
W. Ehode« an* W. r«sb. 1 -.00; : I*/: B. . Borree
and George Borree." :'M; Al Knox, W. J. Mentz,
J. Mclntyre and F. E. Carroll, scratch.
An ounce of diplomacy Is worth a pound
cf blunder. f 1 ■
YACHT CLUBS
ARE SEEKING
NEW OFFICERS
All the Local Organizations
Will Select Fresh Timber
for Commodores Next Year
The yacht being built by Twigg & Sons
for a syndicate of members of the San
Francisco Yacht Club is almost ready
to be put into the water, having been
caulked and painted. After she has been
launched and her mast stepped, she will ;
be rigged by' W. H. Smith of Howard
street wharf, and will be j ; delivered at
Sausalito. Her blocks and mast-bands
have arrived from the East and are the
best ever seen here, being of. gun metal.
Secretary W. M. Edgell of the San
Francisco Yacht Club is on his way back^
from England and will reach California
in time to partake of his Christmas din
ner at Sausalito. ' ■■• •■■_"'
The nominating committee was appoint
ed at the last meeting of the board of di
rectors of the Corinthian Yacht Club, and
will prepare the regular ticket for the an
nual election .of officers to serve during
1902. Their task this year will.be an easy
one, as it is practically certain that yice-
Csmmodore E. F. Sagar will receive the
nomination for commodore, while Thomas
Jennings, part owner of the sloop Speed
well, will be nominated for vice-commo
dore. The office of port captain will con
tinue to be filled by. John H. Keefe, that
of treasurer by C. L. Barrett and that of
secretary by J. C. Brickell. It will be
necessary to select a yachtsman to fill the
vacancy left by the retirement of Com
modore H. D. Hawks from the board of
directors. The next event "among the
Corinthians will be the annual dinner on
New Year's day. The annual meeting and
election of officers will be held on the last
Wednesday In. January next. •,*
The California Yacht Club at the last
meeting of the directors appointed August
R. F. Brandes, E. Boquet and W. M.
Ramsey a committee to prepare the list
of nominations for officers to serve dur
ing the coming year. If Commodore S. S.
Marshall will not consent to succeed him
self, it is likely that Vice-Commodore C.
E. Clark, owner of the yawl Gypsle, will
take the ofHce. It is not at all certain
who will receive the nomination for vice
commodore, but it is likely to be one of
the following yacht owners: George E.
Miller of the sloop Occident, Dr. R. F.
Miller of the sloop Lapwing, R. Vincent
of the sloop Alert or E. Boquet of the
sloop Hope. If Vice-Commodore Clark is
selected as commodore it is probable that
A. R. F. Brandes, who lives in Oakland,
will be chosen as secretary, as it is de
sirable that these two officers should re
side on the same side of the bay. G. L.
Wakeman, the present secretary, who is
a clerk in the Bank of California, finds he
cannot satisfactorily fulfill the duties of
secretary- Allen M. Clay of the sloop
Pactolus will continue to hold the office
of port captain, and John T. Carrier,
owner of the sloop Jessie E, will retain
the office of measurer.
Cricketers Seek a New Field.
At the meeting of the California "Cricket
Association held on Monday evening Cap
tain John Metcalfe's prizes were present
ed to the winners. Harold B. Richardson
received the bat for the best batting aver
age In association matches during the
past season and Bert Bird the bat for' the
best bowling average. In the absence of
the donor. President Edward Brown pre
sented the prizes, commenting on the ex
cellent work indicated by the averages.
The pennant for the highest percentage
of matches won by any club was awarued
to the Alameda Cricket Club.
President Edward Brown, speaking- in
support of the remarks of A. E. Acklow,
said he hopes that means may be found to
provide the - cricketers of San Francisco
and neighborhood with a ground '. really
suitable for the game— level, well turfed,
inclosed with a substantial fence and pro
vided with a pavilion for the comfort of
tha players and spectators. The president
believes such a ground would add greatly
to the enthusiasm of cricketers, and the
quality of the game would be improved
and the number of men playing it wou'd
be Increased. He will appoint a commit
tee of five to investigate the chances of
carrying out the plan. If the committee
reports favorably a Ground Association
will be formed, and the British residents
of San Francisco and neighborhood asked
to support it.
The Alameda Cricket Club seemed like
ly to find Itself without any delegates to
the California Cricket Association. J. J
Motiartyis in' Southern California and
R. B, Hogue expects to leave for Austr •-
Ua. early In the new year. To guard
against the loss of representatives in' the
association . the annual meeting of .'the'
club, which was not held until March,
1901, has already been held for 1902, Har
old Ward and H. W. Brown having betin
chosen as delegates. Harold Ward ha.?
been accepted already in lieu of J. J,
Morlarty, and H. W. Brown will step Into
Hogue's place on the latter's departure.
Inasmuch as it will not be possible to
procure and put in order a : new cricket
ground in time for next season's play, it
is proposed to do some work upon the old
ground al Webster street, Alameda. Dur
ing the winter it will be plowed and grass
seeds sown, so as to improve it a little at
least. As the country clubs play some
matches on the Alameda ground, it is pas
posed the association contribute toward
the expense of Improving it. This, how
ever, will not be done without the consent
of the country clubs, which have been in
formed of the proposed outlay by the sec
retary of the association and requested to
express their sentiments. .:
Eeliance Eleven to Go North.
Manager "Pete" Smith of the Reliance
Athletic Club football eleven" has com
pleted arrangements for the . team to go
north and play • the Multnomah Club
eleven. The players will leave here on
Monday, the 30th Inst, and will play the
Portland men on New Year's day. The
team will be practically the same as that
which lined up against the Olympic Club
on Thanksgiving day. .
Christmas Holidays in Mexico.
. Southern Pacific special train . leaves
Ean Francisco December 18, Los Angeles
December 13. reaching- Mexico In lime for
the holiday celebrations. Round. trip San
Francisco; JSO: Los Angeles; $70. Person
ally conducted. Dining car. Pu.lman
sleepers. Limit CO days. Low side trip
rates. Optional itineraries. • Make reser
vations 613 Market street. San 'Francisco,
2C1 fcouth Spring: street, Los Aneeles.
THE SAN FRANCISCO *CAlL, SATURDAY, DECEMBIiR 14, 1901.
A QUARTET OF BOOKMAKERS KNOWN TO THE BETTORS ON EVERY BIG RACETRACK IN AMERICA, AND
A HORSEMAN WHOSE COLORS ARE SEEN IN FRONT IN MANY HARD FOUGHT RACES IN THE EAST
AND THE WEST. . ' '
WOMEN GOLFERS
PLAN TO MEET
AT PRESIDIO
Sausalitans to Contend for
Club Championship on the
Golf Links at Fort Baker
The contest for the \ Council's cup of
the San Francisco Golf Club has reached
the final round, in which John Lawson
will meet H. C. Golcher, who defeated
Warren Gregory, 2 up I to play on Tues
day. On the first nine holes Warren
Gregory was 3 up, but Golcher overhauled
him in the second round and at the seven
teenth hole won the match. , The final
round between Golcher and Lawson was
played yesterday. . , „
j^awEon was in -excellent form. and
played a stronger game than his oppo
nent, whom he defeated at the fourteenth
hole 6 up, 4 to play. After the match J.
W. Byrne and H- C. Golcher played a
practice game, and Robert Johnstone/ the
club professional," played against the best
ball of Captain D. J. Rumbaugh, Lieu
tenant Oyster and George B. Cooksey. • • .■
In order to provide additional space for
lockers a large part of the. piazza of the
San Francisco Golf Club house has been
inclosed and taken into the men's dress-
Ing room, which was hardly large enough
for the comfort of the golfers. . . >
The contest for the Foster cup, which
was to have been held on Thanksgiving
day on the links of the Sausalito Golf
Club, but was deferred on account of the
heavy condition of the course, will . take
place to-day. The ' competition • will be
over nine holes, medal play, and the con
testant who makes the best round during
the day will win a special prize. The
Foster cup is at present held by, Frank
B. Findley. Among the competitors to-,
day will probably be the following: Major
T. W. M.' Draper, A. Starr Keeler, Leon
ard, Chenery. Worthlngton I Ames, H.-Clay •
Miller. W. G. Morrow, Dr. A. H. Mays,
Lieutenant Rodman and F. B. .Findley. ,
" On Monday last the ladies of the San
Francisco Gold Club were to have held a
! match play tournament over eighteen
holes between teams chosen by two cap-,
tains selected for the day, but. the weather
was so dull and so few of the fair golfers
put in an appearance that the game was
deferred. It will be played on -Monday,
beginning at 9:30 a. m. Entries must be
made at the clubhouse ' not later than 6
o'clock this eveninir. " .
The date on which the annual • team
matches between the San Francisco and
Oakland Golf. Clubs for a trophy usually
takes place has already passed. The ilrst
of these contests took place in ~ 1898 and
began on December 10 at Oakland. • It is
not likely the opening ; match of this sea
son will take place. until next month; for
up to the present time no challenge has
been received from the Oakland ' Golf
Club, which lO3t the. BerieS' of matches
played '. last season. It ■ seems desirable
that some definite months should • be
named in which these • contests . should
take place, the precise day. being left to
be settled by mutual agreement. .It would
also be well to settle the: number which
shall , constitute a team. In, some years
it would happen that a team of six golfers
would suit one of. the clubs be8t; in other
years it might be wlllin g : to > meet = eight
or even as many as twelve
Eight seems a suitable and convenient
number, as In match plav- contests* which
'are preceded by. a qualifying round: the
best eight scores are held : to have qual
ified:.or, if a, larger number oualify/ the
number: chosen Js sixteen,- who are re
duced to piyht after the first match play,
round. If the number to "constitute -a
team is ' not. , fixed ; there " Is .likely/ to .be a
suspicion that the rhallenelng- narty. /in
suFfre'tinp n . certain . number, has ;- con
clufied that the chances of their own club
DUCKS DODGE
THE SPORTSMEN
WHO SEEK THEM
Warm Weather of Last Sun
day Spoils Shooting for a
Large Number of Gunmen
The sportsmen who went to the Alva
rado marshes last Sunday returned empty
handed. The ponds were full of ducks, on
Saturday and seemed to promise good
sport for the following day. ; As Sunday
was warm and clear there was no flight
of birds. The sun beat down on the men
in the blinds and nearly baked them.
, John W. Gates, the steel trust magnate,
and his party spent a day among the
dUcks at Santa Maria after leaving this
city on their way East. . From the re
ports' which reached this city it is evi
dent they enjoyed good shooting.
. The most successful of the uleld and
Tule Club members on Sunday were J. B.
Coleman and Dr. A. Tv Derby. They are
credited with getting the limit. The other
members had only ordinary sport. - On
Wednesday a party made up of F. H.
Bushnell, L. w. Harpham, Achiile Rooa,
A. M. Cumming and J. J. Winner shoe
over the preserve, meeting with fair suc
cess. .-'' ; ■•-•.'
The spoonbills are - leaving the salt
marsh and are seen ' in numbers ■ about
Suistin; . * • " (
Edgar Forster, L. Cuneo and W, H.
Price were up on San Pablo Bay on Sun
day, the net result of their efforts being
twenty-two "cans." ' ■ : •
C. M. Osborne, F. H. Foote, Louis
Geisslerand Phil Bolander enjoyed a suc
cessful shoot on the Alameda Gun Club
preserve on the Sonoma marsh. -
Quail are reported hrgreat numbers in
the vicinity : of Sacramento. ■ ' They aro
hardly- available for the men from thi«
city ,as the Journey is too long for. a half
day's shooting.
VDave" Thorn shot- over his favorite
ground near Livermore last Sunday. With
him were Clarence Haight ~ and W. J.
Golcher. They secured ■ sixty quail. :
Fred Schuster and John Struven bagged
twenty canvasbacks at Sears Point.
"Fighting Bob" Evans enjoyed a" day
after ducks with Hermann Oelrichs early
in the week before reporting back to
Washington. ■!^-'J. ■ . » • >• '
will be better if It is represented by just
that number.
- The . Goodall cup contest held on the
Adams Point links last Saturday shows
the Oakland Golf Club has at least eight
players who might.be included in its team.
In that contest the best scores for eight
een holes of the players were as follows:
Frank Kales, 90: D.Belden, 89: W. P.
Johnson. 87; E. R. Folger. 90; C. R. Wins
low, 92; A. H. HIggins, 93; R.M.Fitzger
ald,-94;; F. 3. Stratton, 95.- The foregoing?
list of eight does not include the name of
C. P. Hubbard, who is one of the scratch
men, nor those of J. A. Folger or T. R.
Hutchinson, both of whom are available
and" have represented the club in team
matches.*. : V>^>n@8MMB&E0H9Mp | EISBF'NHftMSH
. . Several of 'the strongest San' Francisco
players are for various reasons not avail
able. Charles Page has only, recently re
turned from ' an ■ Eastern trip " and is out
of practice, while : B.D. Adamson,- E. ;J.
McCutchen v and ' H. ? D.*. Pillsbury < are - sel
dom seen, on the links.' -But there will be
no difficulty in getting ; together a team
to uphold the credit of the club..- .
Mail a copy of the great Christmas
Call : t67y6ur; friends in\the East and
foreign" ; lands/ '• ••
KID LAVIGNE
SURPRISES THE
SPORTING HEN
As Far as His Fight Went
He Showed All His Oldtime
v Agility and Hitting Towers
The showing made by Kid Lavigne in
his fight with Tim Hcagerty In Oakland
on Thursday night was a surprise -to the
admirers of the Saginaw Kid. By living
a temperate, and an out of doors life for
a year past he rounded into unexpected
form. As far as the tight went he seemed*
as good as when he was successfully de
fending his title to the lightweight cham
pionship. ■ What would have happened
had the fight been prolonged will never
be known. ; - • . / . .
Heagerty. saw yesterday the folly, of
mixing things wtih such a master at in
nghting as Lavigne. He funy intended
to stay away from- tho Kin, but lost his
head and whatever chance he had of win
ning. ; The idea that he must, win quickly
tooK possession ot him and he cast dis
cretion to the winds.
Lavigne will proDably fight Art Simms
or JacK O'Brien next month. Heagerty
has been promised a reiurn matcn m
February. • The attendance Tnursday
night was about 2%0o. The nghters' sn&ru
was $1200, which, it is: said, was: divided
between them.
The last important light of the year
will be the meeting between George Gard
ner and Kid Carter next Friday night in
Mechanics' Pavilion. ' When, they first
met Carter claims he was away below
•weight. Gardner, after the brilliant show
ing with Carter, .made a bad fight with
"Walcott,. alleging a bad hana as. the
cause. ,Now both have fully, recovered
and a great fight is looked, for. Jim. Mc-
Donald will referee. !
Eddie Hanlon and Joe Hill ! will fight
before the Hayes ■-'■ Valley Club next
Wednesday night. This should be a fast
fight, as both boys are game and clever.
The New York papers have done Frank
Neal, the amateur . boxer, an injustice.
They contain accounts of some one pass-
Ing under thdt' name who is* cutting a
wide swath in -the metropolis. Young
Neal is a commissary clerk on a Govern
ment transport and by this time is safe in
Manila harbor.
. The proposed exhibition of the West
Oakland -Club has been postponed until
January^, owing to the Illness of Frank
McConnell, who was to take part in the
principal bout. . ■;,
Jim Eea to Breed Holsteins.
SAN JOSE , . Dec. 13.— James W. Reals
to -retire from the trotting .turf.' His
brood marcs, filllea- and geldings are to
be thrown on the market. Rea has been
disposing of , his . horses gradually. He
will- retain nothing but the stallion Iran
Alto. ; He is Stocking his farm with Hei
stein cattle, which he- will .breed here
after.. ■ ' :■• •:■ ...
Busy Time9 s in the Divorce Court.
Annie Eisner, who was married to L>ud
wlg Eisner in Maryland in : 1S80, " is . suing
for maintenance. She claims that her
husband only gave her $1 a week over the
rent. : . : - .:
Suits for divorce were filed yesterday by
Katherlne Gray, against George : Gray/ for
desertion, 'Annie Thompson against' Frank
J. Thompson for desertion and Ben Brown
against Edna Brown on .statutory
grounds. :..'."
Divorces were granted to Mina C.'Bart
lett from George H.Bartlett on statutory
grounds,-. Eva L. . Curry , from Stephenson
Curry, for intemperance ; and Salvador Sa
bastafrom Pepina Sabasta for desertion.
TENNIS HEN
IN A SINGLES
TOURNAMENT
Largest and Most Important
I Meefng of th? Year Will
Be Held on Christmas Day
Ter.nis cracks are devoting all their
leisure to practice for the class singles
tournament tp be played on Christmas.
This will be the largest and most import
ant tournament held on the California
Club courts during the year. Owing, to
the large number of active players it will
be necessary to play the preliminary
rounds on the Sunday preceding Christ
mas. The finals and inter-class matches
will be played off on the latter day. The*
players will be divided into five classes.
The championship class will be made up
of the Whitney brothers. Others who will
take part are: J. D. MacGavin, Harry
Wiehe, S. H. Adams, H. W. Crowell, W.
B. Collier, Grant Smith, Merle Johnson,
Fred Brown, R. B. Cornell, Chet Smith,
Sidney Salisbury, Frank Stringham.- O. C.
Pratt, H. Parker, J. A. Code, P. Collier,
C. Gardner, H. Schmidt, Dr. Lane, Will
Allen, C. Kuehn, J. Gibson, Harry Gor
ham, Wood brothers, Al Kenyon, George
Whipple, Percy Williams, and many les
ser lights.
There is talk of holding inter-county
doubles matches. This was done ten
years ago and brought out some interest
ing matches. The pennant finally went to
the California Club, represented by Joe
Tobin and Will Taylor. The final between
these players and C. D. Bates and
Sam Neel proved a struggle remembered
to this day. The local club would be
represented by • the Whitney brothers.
Smith and MacGavln- and Collier and
Crowell. Santa Clara County by Fatjo
and Warburton and Sneider and Coolidge;
Alameda by Brown and Hunt: Yolo, by
the Porter brothers, and San J oaquin by
Ingles and Hammond. . •
'a he ladles are again taking up tennis,
and although players are scarce many of
the young ladies are improving rapidly
and in a year or two will be good play
ers. .Miss Ethel Smith is a novice at the
game, but Is easily the most promising of
the ladlesJ " Others who are practicing
constantly are: The Misses de Nervand,
Williams, Margaret Salisbury, Grace
Whitney, EJthel Cooper, Edna Davis,
Meyer, Emma Hunter, Glestlng, Mrs. Kin
caid and Mrs. Du Reynier.
Bert Rodman, the champion of "Wood
land and one of the most enthusiastic
players In - the State, played several
matches on the local courts during the
week. Page, Collier, Rodman and Gard
ner played a three-cornered, round robin
match. Collier won with two victories
to his credit, Gardner was Second with
one, and Rodman was third. The latter
won the first set from Collier, 6-1.
The park players are desirous of holding
a scratch singles tournament on Sunday
and will do so if no objection is made.
The following .with several others will
take part: Walker, Routh, Bates, Dunlap,
Twiggs and the Beyfuss brothers.
PRESIDIO ONCE MORE
FILLED WITH SOLDIERS
Troops Being Hurried Here From All
Directions to Eeplac* Those Ee
' ■) turning From Manila.
In order to replace the many soldiers
now being discharged in the Philippines
the Government is hurrying recruits to
this city from every direction, and the
Presidio is beginning to assume its eld
time appearance of activity. Several new
camps have been built and nearly all are
occupied. The Fifteenth Cavalry will
leave for Manila on Monday, however,
which will relieve the congestion to some
degree.
The first squadron of the Eleventh Cav
alry arrived yesterday and will sail about
January 1. A portion of the Twenty
seventh Infantry and several hundred un
assigned recruits also Joined the local
troops yesterday and more are scheduled
to arrive daily for several weeks.
T/vl'o prisoners escaped from the post
hospital some time during Thursday night
and .have not yet been located. A man
sentenced to seventeen years in one of
the Federal prisons, and who was sud
denly taken insane and sent to the hos
pital, escaped his guards the other night
and a thorough- search has revealed no
trace of his whereabouts. The authori
ties beein to suspect that his insanity
might have been only a matter of con
venience.
The eeneral court-martial now in ses
sion at the Presidio is dealing severely
with such offenders as come before it
Privates . Woodward Maynard, Troop F*
Fifteenth Cavalry, and Isaac G. Thomp
son, Twenty-fourth 'Battery, Field Artil
lery, convicted of larceny, have each been
sentenced to dishonorable discharge from
the army and confinement at hard labor
at Alcatraz for one year. Privates Thom
as' Conklln. Troop E. Fifteenth Cavalry
and John Hunley, Twenty-eighth Com
.pany, Coast Artillery, found guilty of
conduct to the prejudice of good orde
and military discipline, have each been
given heavy fines and several- months of
imprisonment, but at the expiration of
their sentences they will be restored to
EEFENDEES OF THE FLAG .
ABE ENTERTAINED AT NAPA
Talented Artists From This City De
light tha Veterans Residing
at the Home.
The country's defenders who are resid
ing at the Veterans* Home, Napa County
were highly entertained last Saturday
evening by a company of accomplished
artists from San Francisco. The theater
was filled by the veterans and other resi
dents of Napa "Valley. The entertain
ment, managed by Miss Marie Lawler
wa3 *v f w nm of anew series authorized
by the board of directors and it readily
won the applause of the audience
The following programme was rendered:
" String trio. Miss Grace Freeman (violinist*
Frank Howard ('cellist). Irvin Bennett ° <pIan
1st); soprano solo. Mrs. Eva Tenney Irvin Ben
nett accompanist;. Spanish dance Floria- vio
■ Un boIo. Miss Grace Freeman, irvin Bennett
accompanist; banjo and jmitar. Miss Marie
Lawler and lrvln Bennett: Spanish dance.
? 1 .°£ a: xZ?}\° 8OlO> Prank Howa r<»; maslcl*n
J. De Witt: soprano solo, with string trio
Mrs. Eya Tenney, Miss Freeman, Messrs. How
ard and Bennett.
EASTERN DOGS
TO COURSE ON
LOCAL FIELDS
G. Lacy Crawford of St. Louis
Wifl Send on His Kennel
to Winter in California
The prosperous condition of the coursing
game in California has attracted the at
tention of Eastern leashmen. The predic
tion is generally made among local advo
cates of the sport that the pick of the
crack coursers from the other side of the
Rockies will be sent on to compete dur
ing the winter months for our rich
stakes. *
Climatic and other conditions advance
the Idea of such a proposition and the out
look for the Easterner is pleasant except
on the point of easy winnings. The game
sportsmen of the East and the Middle
West have some well bred and fast grey
hounds which are looked upon at home
as champions. When pitted against the
campaigners of the local kennels the in
vaders will find themselves in a class a
notch or two above anything they hava
met.
G. Lacy Crawford, a young millionaire
Ieaahman, and an enthusiastic member of
the Pastime Coursing Club of St. Louis,
has signified his intention of giving his
best dogs a try with the class hounds ol
this State. He has about completed ar
rangements to ship his star performers
here for the winter. That means thac
within a few weeks the dogs will be en
tered to the stakes at Coursing
Park
The' Crawford kennel enjoys the reputa- j
tion of having- the best lot of greyhounds^
now running in the East on it3 list and
with, this addition to the fast aggregation
of coursers local patrons of the sport can
look forward to a lively winter in cours
ing circles. " ■■- '■_
Among the pick of the Crawford kennel
that will be sent on la imported Warbur
ton. Barton Tag. Reckless Archer, pur
chased as a. puppy from J. H. Rosseter,
and Boundless, winner of a recent puppy
stake at St. Louis, by Waratah, out of
Anchorin Leland.
Reports from Butte. Mont., show the
coursing season Just ended has proved a
successful one. G. H. Macdougall. well
known to the local leashman, heads the
list of winners. His dog Lethbrldge took
first honors in stake money. Chilco, an- '
other of Macdougall's coursers, was third
on the list. King Cashier finished in sec
ond place with six stakes to his credit.
Lethridge won two, Chilco divided onn
and Spindle won one. Lethbridgo and
Chilco were each four times in second
place and took third money four and
three times, respectively. King Cashier
was their undoing on these occasions" and
proved too hard a game for them. As a
rule Macdougall's coursers reached their
finals after hard going and in tired con
dition. Cashier started nine times and
Lethbridge fourteen. Lethbridge had the
record for winning courses, getting the
flag *a thirty-eight out of forty-eight
Slips. - " :.
King Cashier will be remembered by tha
Union Park, talent « as a courser that
made them distribute considerable money
to the pikers about a year ago by his
unlooked for winning 1 style when he was
considered - an -outsider. . The youngstec 2
got .the flag from some good performer* |A
when the odds were as strong as 15 to l**J
against his chances.
A lively season ia predicted for next
year's meeting at Butte. ■ ■
Coursing is In a healthy condition In
Denver and strong -patronage la accorded
the game.
Best Brand, a" Denver dog, has been
bred to T. W. Bartels' Mac's Melody, a
former winner on local fields. Bosrua
Brummel to Winning Style. Bold Bar
barian has been bred to Dr. R. D. Beck
pfs Lady Blanco and Ben Hur to Dr. J.
M. Norman's Princess Jewell. These lit
ters . will be eligible for the California
Futurity of 1903.
. Strange Jdea won the rich Old Cham
nlon puopy stake In England. He is by
Flerv Furnace, out of Besstw Cartwright.
By this winning of his get Fiery Furnace
is advanced well to the head of -the list
as a successful sire. This result was not
anticipated by his owners.' Messrs. Faw
cett. who figured on Fabulous Fortune to
outclass him.
Dolphin Oarsmen Are Active.
The only aquatic club on the bay show-
Ing much activity at the present time is
the Dolphin Boating Club, several mem
bers of which go out every pleasant Sun
day for exercise and practice. To-morrow
the whole fleet of rowboata belonging to
the club will start at 9 in the morning for
Arcadia Island, where an open-air dinner
will be enjoyed. The arrangements for
the outing are in charge of Leo Wienand.
At the last meeting of the club the reg
ular ticket, as presented by the nominat
ing committee, was elected without
change. It was decided that the anmJE
ball and entertainment be given early fiA
February of next year. John Relmers
and Frank Curry have taken up work In
the outrigged skiff and are makmg good
progress. A barge crew will soon be or
ganized and will begin practice, the fol
lowing making it up: Captain T. R. Dixon.
E. O. Kragness, Fred Seibel and John
Reimers.
The annual vnriety show of the Ala
meda Boating Club was held at Armory
Hall, Alameda, on Friday, December 6.
The hall was packed, nearly a thousand
people applying for admission. The en
tertainment was highly successful, real
izing a handsome sum for the club. ..
At the last regular meeting of the Ala
meda Boating Club a committee was ap
pointed to consider what Improvements
can be made in and about the boat-house
at the foot of Chestnut street. The com
mittee will report at the next regular
meeting, at which officers will be nomi
nated to serve the club for the coming
year.
Cooks Elect New Officers.
At . the meeting of? the Cooks* Associa
tion of the Pa cine Coast held last Tues
day r.ight the following officers wera
elected:
President, Marcel Magnaa: vice president.
C. R. Strandberg; treasurer. L. Parisot: ftnaijr
clal secretary. M.. L. Grossman; recordingrtaf^
retary. Morris Cats; auditing committee! W/.
vucone, I* Hajce, H. Stewart; directors, lion
Bruzeau, L. FourniguUr. J. Fruzzetta. F-
Otto. Sam Newman, R. Wa!den and C. Er
bacher.
BANQUET TO MAYOR PHELAN. — Th« in
cumbent city officials will tender a banquet to
Mayor Phelan Saturday evening. December 28,
at the Maple Room or the Palace HoteL fON THE LINKS, IN HUNTING FIELD AND RACECOURSE
LE PRINCE JR.,
SAINT BERNARD
CHAMPION, DIES
Fred H. Bushnell, His Owner,
Was Offered Five Thousand
Dollars for the Great Dog
Fred K. Bushnell has lost by death his
great St. Bernard champion, Le Prince
Jr. The dog died yesterday at San
Clement© of dropsy, from which he has
been suffering for two months. Mr. Bush
nell refused an offer of $5000 for him
when he was in the height of his prize
winning on the bench show circuit.
He purchased him as a puppy from his
breeder. C. A. Pratt of Argyle kennels.
LJttle 'Rock, Ark. The dog was pro
nounced by competent Judges the finest
smooth-coated St. Bernard in America.
His Bire, L* Prince, a rough-coated dog,
was never defeated on the bench. His
dam, Judith Rachel, was a smooth-coat£d
St. Bernard. In color Le Prince Jr. was
deep orange, with correct white mark
ings and dark shadings.
Le Prince Jr. made two circuits of the
Eastern bench shows, where he swept
everything before him, winning first and
special in every class to which he was
eligible. The breed on this coast suffers
a distinct loss in his death, while his
owner can never hope to replace him, as
two 6uch splendid dogs seldom come to
one man in a lifetime.
FATHER JAOQUET'S BEAB,
CUBS AHE HEARD FROM
Professor Huber Traveling Overland
From Seattle and Exhibiting
Th.em En Route,
SAN JOSE. Dec 13.— There is a mystery
surrounding the non-arrival of two bear
cubs shipped from Alaska by ' Father
Jacquet for Santa Clara College and the
Academy of Notre Dame of this city.
When Father Jacquet left St. Joseph's
Church last summer to do mission work
in Alaska he promised the academy and
college that he would send them a pres
ent characteristic of Alaska. About the
first of November word was received that
two young cu'os had been shipped to this
city in the care of Professor Huber and
that they were then in Seattle. A day
or so later Huber sent word that tha
bears had become fatigued by the ocean
voyage and that he would give them a
four days' rest in Seattle before proceed
ing to this city.
That was the last direct news of the
bears or the professor. Now, however,
information has come to the college -from
private sources that the professor is
coming overland and is giving exhibitions
along the route. It is said the bears are
well trained and that by representing that
they belong to the Santa Clara College
he is gathering in a rich harvest of dimes
and nickels.
Current Breaks Up the Ship.
TACOMA. Dec. 13.— Hoquiam dispatches
say that the cause of the breaking up, of
the French bark Ernest Reypr on ihe
beach at the mouth of Quinault *liver was
a peculiar one. The Ernest Reyer was
resting nearly crosswise of the outlet cf
the stream, with the current passing
around each end. The current finally
worked through under the center of the
ship and deepened the channel rapidly,
until the vessel rested on her two ends.
Her back is steadily breaking. Had the
vessel been lengthwise of the channel her
prospects for getting away uninjured
would have been "good.
Oil in San Mateo County.
REDWOOD CITY. Dec. 13.— Oil pros
pects c'n the coast side of this county are
beginning to interest prospectors and
there is promise of great activity. At the
Holje place on the western slope of the
mountains, at an elevation of 500 feet,
wells have been sunk from which a good
supply of oil is being taken. It is pro
posed to sink a large number of wells
within a small radius, so that they may
be operated by one engine. There is talk
of a pipe line to facilitate the shipment
of the product.
Sonoma County Gold Strike.
SANTA ROSA, Dec. 13.— The residents
of Bloomfield and vicinity are gTeatly
elated over a gold discovery. A quartz
ledge on the mountain ranch of Cannon
brothers was recently unearthed, and
upon being assayed was found to contain
gold, silver and cinnabar, the yellow
metal predominating ar.d running about
512 to the ton. Similar ledges have been
discovered on the Hinshaw and Johnson
ranches adjoining.
ADVESTISEELENTS.
BICYCLES
For Boys and Girls
Men and Women
BAKER & HAMILTON,
Cor. Pine and Market Sts.,
SAN FRANCISCO.
h visit DR. JORDAN'S great^
*MUSEUB OF ANATOMY^
\ xjT The LarreftAnatoniJciI Museum in the \
M j' irT~» * World, weakoetfcet cr any contracted a
• ?&5^"f) «>sca« p»»IIIw«-l7 cored by the eldest T
• JfB Sj I ipecialiit on the Co*st Est 3* yean. Q
A Zj«3c*| CM. JORDAN-DISEASES OF KEN A
i S 6s5?jS Coo«i!tAtion free *nd strictly prime. \
B B l**?n Treatment pertoully or by letter. A A
r 1 flr n M f—itw* Curt In every cue undertaken. T
-if if HA Write for Book, P«It»«OPBir«f A
"W ' H P KABOUCC. WAILED FREE. ( A. T
' \i ; <l I* »alu»ble book tor Bra) • 1
F OB. JOBDAK <■: CO.. 3051 Market St.. 8. F. V
OAKLAND AGAIN
FALLS BEFORE
THE AMERICANS
Waterbury Plays Good Ball,
but Receives Rank Support.
Dudes Hit Fraser Freely
The high-salaried stars from the Amer
ican Baseball League again handed it to
the cripples yesterday to the music of
1 to 6. The contest was. a decided im
provement over that of Thursday, though
the cripples were woefully weak in the
outfield. Dr. Mosklman, as if to have re
venge on his colleagues for the way they
treated him Thursday, was . the arch of
fender. He dropped a simple fly from
Fraser's bat In the fourth when two were
gone, which finally let in two tallies. Im
mediately after he failed to run fast
enough after fly. This re
sulted in a two-bagger tor me batsman,
though, the ball snould- certainly have
been captured. Hamilton also shared in
the ragged fielding, dropping a liner trom
Lajoie's bat, whicn allowed a couple.more
of the Americans to trot home. x
Waterbury, hiwing's amateur, was on
the slab for Oakland and he did himself
proud, allowing but six hits, three of
which should nave been prevented. He
also hit out a clean single, scored a run
and made a great stop of Pickering's hot
grounder in the sixth round. Altogether,
Waterbury did gilt edge work— much bet
ter than those who have had more ex
perience. .
Each side scored in the first inning.
Devereaux walked, took second on Moh
ler 1 s pass, went to third on a throw-in
from right field and, scored on Streib's
out from short to first. For the Ameri
cans Barrett hit, stole second, took third
on an infield out and crossed the pan on
Lajoie's hit.
Hamilton's error in the third was re
sponsible fax^ two • runs, and' Mosklman' s
poor fielding let In three more during the
next round. The Easterners made their
last point in the seventh, when Barrett,
after getting four bad ones, sprinted
home on Lajoie's double.
With the score standing 2 to 6 against
them, the Dudes made a final rally in the
seventh; when hits by Waterbury Dev
ereaux, Streib and Dunleavy, combined
with a couple of bases on balls, netted
three runs and nearly tied the score.
-Chick" Fraser of Philadelphia handed
the curves and shoots for the Eastern
men. He was much easier than "Rube."
as the cripples secured nine safe ones
from him. Mercer's great throw from
right field, which caught Dunleavy at the
plate in the seventh, was the most bril
liant feature of the game. The score:
ALL, AMERItA.
_, . , AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. K.
Pickering. L f 4 110 2 0 0
Barrett, c f 13 1110 0
Mercer, r. f 3 110 3 10
Lajoie. 2b 4 0 2 0 4 6 0
Davis, lb 4 0 0 0 10 1 0
Bradley. 3b « 0 00 0 8 1
Irwln. ss 4 0 0 0 26 0
Sullivan, o 4 110 4 0 0
Fraser. p 8 10 0 110
Totals ...."T. 81 7 6 1 2T 16 "I
Oakland.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
5 e^ r * aU & ™ 2 3 2 112 1
Mohler, 2b 3 11 0 2 3 0
Dunleavy. 2b 4 0 10 0 10
Strleb. r. f 6 0 1 0 2- 0 0
Eagan, lb \.. * 0 0 0 11 0 1
Mosklman. cf 4 01 0 1 0 1
Hamilton, Lf 4 0 00 6 0 1
Hanson, c 4 0 2 0 2 8 0
Waterbury, p 4 1 10 0 1 0
Totals 34 5 9 1 24 10 4
RUNS AND HITS BT INNINGS.
Oakland l 0 10 0 0 8 0 0—5
Base hits 00210141 0—9
A!l America...... 10230010 • 7
Base hits 20030010 •— 6
SUMMARY,
Runs responsible for — Fraser 5, Waterbury 2
Two-base hits— Sullivan; Pickering, Lajoie.
Sacrifice hit— Dunleavy. First base on errors-
Oakland 1, All America 4. First base on called
balls—Oakland C, All America 4. Left on bases
— Oakland 9, All America *: Struck out — By
Fraser 2. by Water-bury 3. Double plays
Mercer to Sullivan. Devereaux to Mohler to
Eag*n. Passed ball— Sullivan. Time of gamo
—1:30. Umpire— McDonald.
BIDES ON HIS BICYCLE •
XTP ICE-BOUND YUKON
Klondiker Narrowly Escapes Death
During Novel Trip Out From
Dawson.
TACOMA, Dec 13.— Klondike passengers
with Dawson advices to November 28 ar
rived to-day. W. B. Sanford of the Daw
son Electric Light Company was one of
them. Robert Young, also of the Klon
dike, came as fax as Skagway, his home,
where both arrived on December 7. Young
rode much of the way up the Yukon on a
bicycle, breaking through the Ice at one
point and narrowly escaping drowning.
Sanford, traveling by sled and on foot,
made better time. •
Skagway telegraphic advices from Daw
son tell of a small stampede during the
first days of December to Hart Creek, -a
tributary of Peel River. The latest rush
for gold appears to have been precipitated
by the mysterious actions of a pioneer
prospector named James Bull. With sev
eral natives and a long string of dogs he
arrived from the Peel River country De
cember 2 and began purchasing supplies.
While declining to make any public state
ment he quietly told some of his Klondike
friends that he had made promising dis
coveries hence the rush.
The winter stage service was instituted
this week between White Horse and Daw
son.. Passengers were to be carried by
December 14.
H0ESETHHT. KEEPS
FAITH WITH SHERIFF
Allowed to Make Trcmg Trip Alone
When Court Had Denied
Him Bail.
CONCONULLY. Wash., Dec. 13.— W. W.
Landes, a prisoner convicted of horse
stealing, sentenced to three years in the
State prison and refused bail while his
appeal Is pending, was allowed to ride
alone to Looxnis on private business by
Sheriff H. H. Nichols. So much Indigna
tion was expressed over the Sheriff's un
usual action that the officer started after
Landes, but of his own accord the pris
oner returned after two days spent in
Loomis. He is now In jail again.
Sheriff Nichols' peculiar course is ac
counted for by his friendship for Landes.
Before the man came to trial he* was al
lowed to go hunting with the Sheriff and
was given many privileges not usually ac
corded prisoners accused of. horse steal
ing. The Sheriff scouted the idea that his
friend would give him the slip while in
Loomls. Now ne Is trying to raise a fund
to send Mrs. Landes to Walla Walla with
her husband until the man's appeal can
be heard. ;::; .
Claims Daughter Is Not Insane.
KAPA, Dec. 13.— The recent decision by
the Supreme Court that the new insanity
law Is invalid has caused Mrs. M. A.
Lewis to file a petition in the Superior
Court of Napa for a writ of habeas cor
pus in the case- of her daughter Henri
etta Moore, who is at present deprived of
her liberty at the Napa State Hospital. It
is alleged in the petition that the daughter
was not Insane when sent to the asylum;
that she was Illegally committed; that the
act of the /Legislature under which the
commitment was made is void and un
constitutional.' The writ was issued and
the time for hearing it was set for Tues
day. December 17.
Railroad to Be Extended.
SALINAS, Dec. 13.-The Pajaro Valley
Consolidated Railway will at once com
mence building an extension from Salinas
southward. It will cross Salinas River
near Spreckels and thence run to Buena
Vista, to the' Sobrante tract opposite
Gonzales and to King City, passing
through the Salvation Army colony at
Romle. Its length will be fifty miles. ■
Yellow Fever at St. Lucia.
KINGSTON, Jamaica, Dec.'l3.— Mail ad
vices received here from St. Lucia, Brit
ish "West Indies, report the existence of
yellow fever at that place. A case of yel
low fever has appeared at Barbadoes. -
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, SATUHDAY, DECEMBER 14. 1901.
ROYAL FLUSH GALLOPS HOME
BEFORE A VERY TRASHY FIELD
Jockey Redfern Makes His Appearance^ Capturing; the : Handicap
With Princess Titan ia---Katie' Walcott and Vantine Score at
Long C)dds— -Sister Jeanie Disposes of Her Rielci: Very Cleverly
THE hooded Britisher Royal Flush,
running in the colors \ of ; Green
Morris, fastened on to his first
purse earned on American soil at
Oakland yesterday. ■ The distance
was one mile and his odds were played
down to 7 to 10. The pace set' by Rush
fields and Goldone was ridiculously slow,
and when O'Connor got ready he moved
to the front with Flush, winning in a can
ter. Rushfields downed Goldone" a neck
for the place, with Brutal, the only other
starter, a neck farther away. The mile
was covered in 1:43*4, making it the poor
est race of the day from a time stand
point. • • ■ , •••■..■ . r : -
First choices, ran into squally weather
at the start, and only on two occasions
escaped disaster. Katie Walcott, Posi
tion, Princess Titania and Vantine were
all quoted at luscious prices in the ring.
The air was crisp but hot cold, and the
attendance large, betting being especially
lively. • ■"■•■•
Little Jockey Redfern, just about as big
as a minute, was not long in placing a
winner to his credit. . He finished second
on Dawson in the first event, and later
on had the leg up on Princess Titania, an
86-pounder in the three-quarter handicap.
According to the market prices in the
ring it looked a. very open thing, .but
events' showed the Princess to be several
pounds the best. : She was cut off soon
after the start, and when under full sail
again Redfern found. himself pocketed on
the rail behind Frank Bell and Articulate:
Taking -the outside from the head of tho
stretch home the precocious youngster,
crouching very low, hand-rode his mount
and beat Frank Bell and Fitzkanet more
than a length in 1:13%.
Owen Mounce started the game by put
ting Katie Walcott, a 15 to 1 shot, over
the plate first in the opening sprint, for
which Courtier went to the post favorite.
Never worse than fifth, Katie finished
resolutely, downing Dawson a length. Al
moner finished third and the favorite
next, hard ridden by O'Connor. . •
For a time it looked as if Relna de
Cuba would succeed in stealing the mile
selling purse. She backed up '-awfully;
though, the last eighth, and Position, a.
6 to 1 chance, also piloted by Mounce,
scored easily by a length. San Venado.
the favorite, took some hard riding,- but
couldn't get up. • .. ■ :■
gister Jeanie, the entry of "Walter Jen
nings in the two-year-old sprint, received
splendid handling at O'Connor's hands,
defeating The Giver cleverly « at the wire.
The winner closed a 9 to 5 favorite, while
15 to 1 was laid about The .Giver. ' Dean
Swift, the second choice, fared badly.
Starter Jake Holtman's lasf start in a
Futurity course spin turned out a ragged
one. Away in the first section, Vantine
passed Abba L, and at 12 to 1 ran in two
lengths before Dangerous Maid, the favor
ite. With an equal break the last-named
mare would undoubtedly have won.
Track Notes.
The stewards fined Lee Jackson $50 yes
terday for rough riding the previous day
on Romany. ■
McGinn, who finished : second on Rush
fields, rode with more than ordinary suc
cess on the Eastern tracks the past sea
son. His engagements while here will be
made by "Doc" Robbins.
Master Redfern, considered by ' many
the coming lightweight of the country,
will ride next season East for Colonel
Pepper at a salary of $8000. " ' . " "
Mounce and O'Connor each landed a
brace of winners. The former rider la
growing .and taking on weight rapidly,
and will soon be a member of the heavy
weight division."- -/■
When here a year, ago "Boots.". Durnell
gave ■ as his" opinion that" Royal Flush
could give any horse in England a beat-
Ing over a mile course.
Tommy Burns, the well known rider,
was an onlooker yesterday. Tommy had
a hard fall at the recent Bennlngs meet-
Ing, but will be in the saddle again In
about a week.
George Rose will assume control of the
field books to-day and will also put on a
book in the ring.
"Dell" Fountain won a small fortune
on Katie Walcott and added to it in the
next race by the win of his horse Posi
tion.
The Tnixton Beale handicap, valued at
$1500, with a high class field of starters,
!s the feature of to-day's card. The en
tries are as follows:
First race — Six furlongs; selling; three-year
olds and upward.
2969 Mission 114 2967 Modder 100
2924 Maresa 109 2810 Capt. Gaines.117
2862 Corrtente ....114 2968 Alfred C 117
2940 HUee 114 2968 Rlnaldo 114
2964 David S .109 2O01 Intrada 109
2972 Our Lizzie. ..114 2974 Gold Baron. ..114
Second race — Five furlongs; purse; maiden
two-year-olds.
2956 The Maniac.. 115 Old England. 115
2956 Mont. Peeres.108 2938 Budd -Wade.. 115
2945 Mr. Timberlk.lO.S San Nlcholas.118
2970 Remele 108 .... Rose of Chinall5
Our Pride.... 115 2800 Autumn TlmelO8
295G Bassezo 108 2803 El ChlhuahuallS
Third race — One mile and a quarter; selling;
three-year-olds and unward.'
2850 Llzella 107 (2952) Herculean ...109
2947 Obia 101 29G6 Artllla 107
2952 Galanthus ... 93 2947 Horton 110
Fourth race — One mile; the Truxton Beale
handicap; three-year-olds and upward; purse,
$1500.
FATHER-IN-LAW
HER ACCUSER
Sonoma Rancher's Wife
Is Under Arrest for
Embezzlement.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PETALUMA, O Dec. 13.-Mrs. Eliza
Elphick. wife of Thomas R. Elphick, one
of the b\st known farmers on Sonoma
Mountain, was placed under . arrest yes
terday by Deputy Sheriff F. Ralph Starke
of Penngrove, on a charge of embezzle
ment. : The complainant is- Thomas
Elphick,' father of the accused woman's
husband and a pioneer - of Southern . So
noma County. He alleges that on or about
November 30 Mrs. Eliza Elphick' appro
priated to her own use $500 in gold coin
belonging to him. The warrant was issued
by Justice of the Peace C. E. Parkinson
of Vallejo township. . . ,. .
Mrs. Elphick is m delicate health and
is now and was at the time of her arrest
unable to leave her room. Under the cir
cumstances it was impossible for the offi
cer to bring her before the, Justice, to
whom Deputy Sheriff Starke this morn
ing reported the true state of affairs.
Thomas R. Elphick, the husband of the
accused woman, also appeared in court
and informed the Justice that his wife's
health was such that she would be unable
to appear for at least three months. Jus
tice Parkinson fixed Mrs. . Elphick' s bond
at $1000 and set her preliminary examina
tion for Monday, December 23. She was
informed .of her rights in the .premises
by letter and was told that if she would
produce a doctor's certificate that ' she
would be unable to appear In court on the
day . named he would hold court at her
home. Until she gives the necessary
bonds she was remanded back Into the
custody of the Sheriff.' %■- ■
Thomas Blphick alleges that he gave his
daughter-in-law $1100. to keep for him-un
til he needed it. He had intended going
to her home to spend several weeks for
the benefit of his health. Before he could
get away he .was taken suddenly 111,
which prevented his making the intended
visit.
On. December 8 Elphick sent a messen-
THE CALL'S RACING FORM CHART
OAKLAND BACETBACX— Friday. Dec. , 13^— W^atherjlne. fast, f • ' ■ f *
2074. FIRST 'RACE— Futurity course; selling; all ages; value to first, $325. " ':' " a \\ ' -■'
~- — T\~ : — r ~ tf — ~ 1 , — — ; — . . . . T I — ~ I ~" ~~T- I Betting. S
Index Horse. Age. .Weight. St ' ,>A.- :, %. . Str. .-.- Fin. .Owner, and Jockey.' Op v Cl. -
2776 Katie Wolcott, 4..113 3 5 1. 3 h . 2 n 1 1 .. E. . Kaufman. ....Mounce 7 13
2934 Dawson, 2. ...07 6 6 h '-" 5 1 4 h 2 h- W. B. Smith Jr.. Redfern 10 T.2
2835 Almoner, 5. ......113 1 - .4 1 ' 2.1 . 1 n •, 3 h ■ Garland & Co. McCarthy 3 4
2891 Courtier, 3. ......109 5' 7 2 '«,% 6 1 4 2 Ezell & Lazarus.. .O'Con 6-6 8-5
2781 Nona B. a.. .V.... 113 2 l' r % ?1 1 3 1^ 5 6 -: W. Ketcheman. . Jackson 4 *
2058 Rosy Cross, 2.1;.. 97 8 9 2. 7.2 6 16 1 G. W. Scott. V.WInslette 8 16
2939 Billy Lyons. 3.... Ill 11 11- ■• - 81 ( 8 1 7 2 Hennessy & Co.. '..Kelly 10 100
2050 Clarando. 5. :113 4 . 3 h- 4.i4j8 % '. 8 5 '• K. M. Borchert-Ranspm 6 _8
.... Pencil Me, 3..... 109 10 2 h- ? 9.% 17 % 9 4 Alaska Stable.... ..Flick 20 10O
2921- Gold Baron, 5.... 113 9 8 4-10., 10' 10 6 H. L. Haskell. ...Howell 20 30
1210 Carllee. 3 ........ 114 "7 10 2 11 -. '.." 11 11 J. B. Bartano^.^lttatoe 15 60
Time^-To >/„ :21%; to %.■ ' :46^4 ;- lasV %.'.<~i:01%: short %. 1:11%. Good start. Won
.handily, t Second and _ third ,drivtng. .'Winner, E. Kaufman's ch. m. by Prince Royal
' "Penelope. Winner was ready and 'received ' a perfect ride. - Dawson ' closed strong. Almoner
.tried the last hundred yards.- Courtier hard ridden the entire route. Nona B quit, bne
''- ought to do next time. Clarando like the elusive flea. Pencil , Me some early speedy
2075. SECOND RACE — One mile ;. selling; three- year- olds and up; value to first, $325.
I ~ . _ ■ . . ~ . ~~ . Betting,
.index Horse. Age. Weight. St. Yi. ' %•• "Str. i Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op. Cl.
2935 Position, 4 114 2 2 1- 4 1- .3 1 1 1 D. S. Fountain.. Mounce 6 6
"2949 Reina de Cuba, 5.114 1 18 1 10' 1 .V a '2 V% Baldwin & Co. ..Ransom 5 C
°S65 San Venado. 6 117 3 4h .32 2h 3 10' S. /McNaughton^.O'Conn 2 13-5
296(5 Tony I.epping, 3..1C8 4 6 % * 7 ] 4 4 % 4 % Newman & Eagn..Woo((s 8 »
• (2955) Com. Attorney, 4.114 11 11 11. : 7 1 6 1; P. .Corrigan.. .Matthew* 6 4
290S Favorlto, 4.......114 6 3 1" 5 % 5 '/a "■. « ¥2', Kliinder & Burns..Howl 15 25
2967 Frldolln 3. 105 8' 8l"0 1> 82 ;71 ' G. W. Scott.. .Wlnslette -7 8
2S05 Frank Duffy, 4. .114 10 ,92 "81 9 1 8 1 P. Sheridan Ranseh 10 15
2955 Sidelong,. 5. 114 7 10 2 . '9 1 10 2 9 2 W. McGuire Prior 15 15
2973 Meadow Lark, a.. 114 5 7 1 10 1 11 10 3 Elmwogd Farm.. Spencer 6 S
2901 Censor. 3 108 9 5 1: 2 1 - 6 1 11 J. Rothert. See 10 10
Time— i/i :25}i; M, :49»J; %. 1:15H: mile. 1:42. Good start./ Won easily. Second and
third driving. Winner, D. S. Fountain's br. g. by Racine-Pottery.' Position Is Improving
right along. Too much.earjy.'use made of Cuba. San Venado outfooted. Fridolln stale.
Scratched— Elmer L. 108, Mont Eagle 114. .
'2976. THIRD RACE^ — Futurity course; two-year-olds; value to first, ' $325. ■
r n ~—r- ~~r^~. ; ; ~ i Betting.
Index Horse.'.- and , Weight. St. ,:%.-,;%. Str. ■ Fin. Owner and Jockey. • Op. Cl.
. 28t53 Sister. Jeanie. ....115 4 '6 1. . 4 2 ' l.Vj 1 1% Jennings & Co..O'Connor 2 9-5
2!!(KJ The Glyer.. 118 1 " 3 h 1 1^4 3 1 2 h Elmwood Farm. .Ranseh 8 15
2942' Shell Ttfount.'..;.. 115 2- .4 1 '■■ 3 1 • - 2 h - 3 0 • D. ■ Cameron. ; Mounce 10 15
2899 Dean Swift 118 3 2 h 6 1 4 V, 4 n W. M. Rogers. . .Spencer Z. 2
2ftlO Flourish ........IIS 8 7 5"5.%i6 2 '5 2 H. J. Wilson. -.J. Woods 10 20
2910 Porous US 5 4h. 2n .5 %. 61 L.. A. Blaslngame..Hoar 8 15
! 2958 Landseer •.'..;. ...115 -6 - 61 ."8 •• 72 ; 73 Ezell & Lazarus..Mthws 3 1
'2820 Tufts 115 7 8 76 8 ; 8 ' C. W^.Chappeljj... Stuart 40 150
Time— To %, :21%: to %. :45%; last %, 1:01; ehort %, 1:11. Good start. Won all out. Sec
'ohd > and -third driving. Winner, W.- - B.' Jennings & Co.'s b. .1. by Mldlothian-Fannle
Louise.. Winner splendidly ridden. , The Giver played In better luck this trip. Shell
"Mount Ib shaping around again.' Dean Swiff cut' oft on backstretch and thrown out of his
■ stride. ' Landseer lacked speed. Scratched — Huachuca 118, Montoya - 118, Discovery 118,
_Ishtar_ l ls -_ _ _ _. .^,1. _^^_ — _^^_^ '_Z -j^^Z^^. -,!-:-,.-,_--^_-,-^ -■^■-L-,..-,--^-,-^.-.-, -
2077. FOURTH RACE — One mile; three-year-olds and upward; value to first, g325.
/■■ . "'• ■' • ■ ■ - . :•■■■■/'.-.■ -'• • Betting.
Index Horse. Age. Weight. St. %.;,%.; Str. Fin.' -Owner and Jockey. Op. Cl.
2953 Royal Flush, a... 122 2~8 3, 8 3 1.1 ; 1 1 : . • G.B., Morris... O'Connor 1 7-10
2960 Rushfields. a 119 424 11 2 2 n . CO. Ray. .'..-.. .McGinn 10 40
2964 Goldone, 4.. .122 1 In' 21 ■ 3 5 -3 n.-. J: CofTey.." J.-Woods 6-2 4
2917 Brutal, 3 110 3 4 4.4 .4 Burllngame S. F..Mthws 2 5-2 ,
Time— V*. :2C%; Vt. :51^i; %, 1:17^;' mile.' 1:43#. Good' start/ Won easily. Second and
•third driving. Winner.; G. ; B.-^ Morris* ' ch. h. by. .Favo-Flush. There was no paco and
Flush was always under gentle restraint. ' ( Goldone apparently a- poor weight packer. Brutal
2078. FIFTH RACE^ — Six furlongs; Free handicap; 3-year-olds and up; valua to first. $400.
7, ' - : ■ I '• ; • ; % > .■;.:•.•.-■■•••■•. ~ Betting.
Index Horse. Age.' Weight. [St. /#. %. Str. Fin.' Owner and Jockey. Op. Cl.
■ 29C1 Prncss Titania, 3. SO .5 3 h ,3 2 .2 2 1 1%~ Caesar Toung — Redfern 4 4
2953. Frank Bell, 5 IK 3 "i:%: 1 1 Ml' '.2T-1' ' J. W. O'Neall & Co.Mnce 3 18-5
(2957) Fitzkanet, 3 IOC 4 54 4 1 .. 4 2- . 3 % . W. r M. Rogers. ..J. Daly 5-2 I
2904 Articulate. 3 107 1 2h • 2 1 3 % 4 Y 3 W. C. de B. Lopez. Rnch 4 C
2923 Janice, 3..... 109 6 .6 ., 5 2.. 5,4 55 , G. B. Morris. ..O'Connor 2 5-2
2900 Cougar, 3 85 2 -4h '6 ■ 0 • 6' • Elmwood Farm. ..Butler 10 50
Time — U. :24%; %, :48%; %, 1:13 Vi'.>- Good start. Won cleverly. Second and third driv
ing. Winner, Caesar Young's, br. f. by Massetto-Queen Titania. Princess pounds the
best. She was cut off on back stretch and later on lna : pocket to the stretch. Then she
breezed to the front. Fitzkanet should: have •been second. -Articulate outfooted. Janice
' lacked. speed. ' ':, r -."'^VU:: '.""'";*
2979. SIXTH RACE— Futurity course; selling; all ages; value to first. $325.
■ ,4 1 • : 1ST, ■---■■: ■■■■^ '-■■ 'I r-i :';.-- ■*--.■•• 't-;-i-iu-- •.-'■'•■•■■♦-.•»•• * -■••■t-^ - Betting.
Index Horse. Age. Weight. St. %. %. Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op.- Cl. •
2950 Vantine. 4 113 1 2n 22 11 12 G. W. Snider. . .Jackson 4 10
(2607) Dang'r's Maid, 4.113 6 85 51 5 1 2 Vi Burns & Waterhse.Spncr 8-5 11-5
2039 Abba L, 3.. 109 2 14 11 2 Vj 3 h B.A. Chllson Prior 10 40
25137 King Dellls, 4 116 8 7 4 6 16 1 4 4 C. Llnd J. Woods \ 3 3
2928 Ned Dennis. 4 113 4 42 31 3 % 5 Vi Piedmont Stable.O'Connr 6 lu
2901 Hungarian, 5 113 6 5 % T 15 7 15 6 6 G. W. Miller Hoar 6 12
2951 Evander, 2 07 3 3n.4 1 4h 740 W. B. Jen'gs & Co.O'Nl 6 9
.... The Hoodoo. 3...1C9 7 8 8 8 8 T. H. Ryan Vlckery 15 100
2891 Gibraltar, a 116 Left H. J. Jones.. J. McCrthy • 6 10
2797 Coming Event, 4.113 Left C. Karl & Co.... Mounce 6 4
Time — To hi. :21; to %. :45%; last %. 1:01:. short %. 1:11. Bad start. Won easily. Sec
ond and third driving. Winner, G. W. Snider & Co.'s ch. m. by Anchorite-Vestlna.
Dangerous Maid might have won with an equal break. Vantine, Abba L and Evander
werft the only ones away well. Scratched — Scallywag 109.
' 1783 Edna Brown. 90 1 (2C57)Vesuvlan ....118
2978 Janice 112 2971 Jim Hale 94
2047 Rio Shannon. 00 2965 The Fretter. .100
2005 Doublet 1....110 (2947)Greyfeld .....113
29C5 Varro 96 .2953 B. Ormonde.. 107
(2948)Autollght ....122 2965 Rosormonde . 98
2947 Bernota ....... *t (2972) Andrisa 105
2978 Articulate ...112
Fifth race — Six and a half furlongs ; the
Berkeley handicap; two-year-olds.
2945 Royalty 102! 2899 Homestead ..110
2940 Waterscratch.lOOl Rubus 95
2976 The Giver 100 1 (2929) Josie G 109
■ Sixth race — One' mile; selling; three-year
olds and upward.
2543 Gd Sachem.,114 2962 Slsenvine ....105
2902 Yng. Morello.117 2959 Expedient ...114
2936 Greylette 105 291S Rose of Hllo.114
2044 Lost Girl 114 2975 Co. Attorney.114
2055 Diomed :....114 2073 Bagdad 114
2975 Meadow Lrk.114 2962 Mrs. Brunell.105
To-Day's Selections.
First race— Our Lizzie, Hllee, Captain Galnes.
• Second race — El Chihuahua,' Rose of China,
Autumn Time. ■
ger to his daughter-in-law's home to get
the $1100. Mrs. Elphick gave. the messen
ger a. certificate of deposit for $G00 on a.
local bank, and sent a note stating that
the balance of the money, $500 1 in gold
coin, had been buried by her husband. He
was then absent from home, but as soon
as he returned she would have him dig It
up and ■would return it Immediately. Two
days later, when the messenger made a
demand for the remaining $500, he was in
formed by Mrs. Elphick that her father
in-law had given her the money and she
did not propose to give it up. A written
demand for the return of the money was
served on Wednesday, but she still re
fused to surrender it, and her arrest on; a
charge of embezzlement followed.
Mrs. Elphick was formerly Miss Eliza
Duerson, one of the belles of Sonoma
Mountain. She is the mother of four
small children. , All of the principals are
well-to-do, and are quite prominent in tno
Penngrove district. ;
In her own behalf Mrs. ElphlcJ? says
that her father-in-law made her a present
of the $500 in the presence of witnesses.
DUEIi BETWEEN" FARMERS
RESTTLTS IN A KILLING
Man With Revolver Victorious in
Combat With. Neighbor Armed '
With Rifle. '•'•
SALEM, Or.yDec. 13.— Thurston Grim, a
farmer. near Aurora, this morning shot
John Roppel, a neighbor, the latter dy
ing to-night. ■ : ■ ■ • : •
Grim was engaged in road work on the
county road on land claimed by Roppel,
when- the 1 latter ordered him away. 'As
Grim started to leave Roppel opened fire
with a rifle, firing four shots at Grim.
The latter drew a revolver and' returned
fire, shooting his, antagonist through the
body. Grim came to this city to sur
render to officers,- but was not taken into
custody until to-night, when the. District
Attorney • swore out., a warrant. Hla
neighbors r refused.- to make complaint,
claiming that the shooting was' in self de
fense. Roppel bore a bad reputation.
Redwood City Improvement , : Club.
REDWOOD CITY, Dec. 13.— The organ
ization of 'an improvement club has been
perfected in this city" and upon its roll
are. to be found the most representative
men of the place. Its president is George
H. Rice: An effort will be made to obtain
better streets. . " ,.
Copies of the great Christmas edi-
tion can be obtained irom/aH'agents,
newsdealers, newsboys . arid ~ at' tho
Business Office of this paper. -
Third race — Obla, Llzella. Horton,
Fourth race — Jennings stable, Rosormonde,
Jim Hale.
. Fifth race— Homestead, Josie G.JThe Giver.
Sixth race — Grand Sachem, Diomed, Toung
Morello. . ...
New Orleans Race Results.
NEW ORLEANS. Dec. 13.— Results:
First race, six furlongs — Crescent City won,
Maine Wastell second, Missile third. Time,
1:10.
■ Second race, one mile and a sixteenth, sell-
Ing- — Star Cotton won, Frank Ireland ■ second,
Nattie Bazaar third. Time, 1:51.
♦ Third race, steeplechase handicap, short
course — Dlvertlsement ■ won, Bristol second.
Golden Link third. Time, 3:1G.
Fourth race, handicap, six furlongs — Burnle
Bunton won. If You Dare second. B. O. fox
third. Time. 1:14%.
F^fth race, one mile and a half, selllne —
Deloraln won, Azlm second, Lizzie A third.
Time. 2:39.
Sixth race, one mile and a sixteenth, selling
— Deponan won, Donator second, Bequeath
third. Time. 1:50%.
WIFE UPSETS
BRIBER'S STORY
Margaret Lynch Causes
Sensation at Chicago
Trial.
CHICAGO, Dec. 13.— Mrs. Margaret
Lynch, wife of ex-Bailiff James J. Lynch,
the confessed jury briber, was the star
witness to-day, in- the early session of the
trial of Alexander Sullivan, charged with
alleged conspiracy to keep Lynch from
being tried for his crime. She. gave the
lie'direct to much of her husband's testi
mony, on ] which ' the State had largely
based its case.- -She has been separated
from her husband for some time.
Mrs. Lynch denied emphatically that
Alexander Sullivan's name was mentioned
either by her husband or. by George P.
-Murray on the night when Murray is said
to "have called on Lynch to ask him to
accompany him to Sullivan's house.
Lynch testified some time ago that Mur
ray said he called at Sullivan's behest,
and that Sullivan wanted to send Lynch
to Canada In. order? to avoid being tried
for. jury bribing. Mfs. Lynch further tes
tified in contradiction to Lynch that
Lynch had expected Murray to call on
the night in question.
Joseph G. Mann, an attorney of Dan
ville, -,111., testified .that he .was Alexander
Sullivan's associate in. the case where jury
bribing was charged and that. he exam
ined the jurors. He stated that he had
never had any suspicion' of any tampering
done by Lynch, and that, he himself had
never had any. dealings with the prose
cuting witness. .' A strong objection was
made to admitting this testimony on the
ground that it- was immaterial. Mann,
however, ' made a personal, plea -to the
court: that his good , name might not bo
sullied by suspicion-cast upon him, and h-i
was allowed- to speak. ■. . • ■ • „ >
Convict Hangs Himself.
SALEM, Or. . Dec. 13.— Convict John
Brehm hanged himself 'in the penitentiary
late last night. He .was serving seventeen
.years for burglary.
COMMISSIONERS
OF ATHLETICS
ARE APPOINTED
Men Are Selected to Foster-
Various Branches of Sport,
■ Both Indoor and Outdoor
At the regular monthly meeting of the
board of managers of the Pacific Associa
tion of the Amateur Athletic Union, held
last night, it was announced that the
parent body at its recent annual meeting
added the territory hitherto under the Ju
risdiction of the "defunct Pacific North
west . Association to the : Pacific Associa
tion-. The Hawaiian .Islands are also'add
ed to the extensive territory controlled by
tho local organization. - •
] Secretary J. E. Sullivan of the Amateur
Athletic Union, writing in response to a
query from the local secretary, states
that \ the traveling expenses of a boxer
may be paid, but they x must be strictly
legitimate outlays.
President W. B.-Hinchman of the Pacific
Association announced the appointment of
the following commissioners: Of boxing,
A. H. Melletz; football. Ezra C. De'eoto:
rowing, A., P. Rothkopf; indoor athletics,
Herbert Hauser; track and field sports,
George James; swimming, Thomas -Har
ris. .The vacancy in the registration com
mittee caused by the withdrawal of W.
F.. Harris was tilled by the appointment
of Thomas Harris.
The case of J. H. Larvalere, who while
a member . of the Academic Athletic
League ran- in some races and won money
prizes, was discussed. Secretary Herbert
Hauser was instructed to report the facts
to the secretary of the Amateur, Athletic
Union, with a recommendation that Lar
valere be reinstated, as his act is consid
ered to have resulted from youth and in
experience, and not from any bad motive.
The young, man is a" student! at. the Uni
versity of California and wishes to regain
his status as an amateur athlete.
BRIEF CITY NEWS.
BAROTEAU COMPROMISES. — A. A. Baro
teau, who sued Lady Yarde-Buller for $3000,
compromised with the defendant's guardian
yesterday In Judge Hebbard's court. He agreed
to accept $275 In settlement of his claim.
LOSES A VALUABLE WATCH.— B. C.
McCarthy, who recently arrived from Nome,
complained to the police last night that he
had been held up In a saloon on Ellis street
and robbed of a gold watch, which he values
at $250.
i CAPTAIN LANE WINS SUIT.— Judge Gra
ham rendered a verdict In favor of the plaintiff
yesterday in the. suit instituted by Captain
Peter F. Lane against C. W. Warren, his
nephew, to recover' the value of a promissory
note executed by the latter. • „
HOUSE WARMINO.— The Toun» Men's He
brew , Association will five a house warming:
Sunday afternoon and evening at their club
room* in the Supreme Court building, 305 Lar
kln street. Open house will be kept from 2 to
5 p. m. and from 8 to 11 p. m.
ORDERS MORTGAGE FORECLOSED.— A
mortgage for $75,553 was ordered foreclosed
yesterday by Judge Hunt. The mortgage was
held by Louise R. Barroilhet and was on prop
erty owned by Ella M. Mo wry. The mortgagee
also secured judgment for $993 Interest, $234
expended for insurance and $1000 counsel fees.
WINTER LECTURE COURSE.— Professor
Albin Putzker of the University of California
will lecture at the Mechanics' Institute Library
bulding to-night on "Adelbert von Chamlsso,
the German Poet." This is the first of a series
of lectures which will be held at the Institute
during the winter months.
LECTURE AT METROPOLITAN ' HALL.—
J Richard Freud, secretary of the Merchants'
Association, will deliver a lecture in Metropol
itan Hall next Sunday evening on "Municipal
Civil Service Government and Municipal Own
ership in European and American Cities." The
lecture will be under the auspices of Liberty
Branch. Social Educational Club.
• ■■■' ■ • . £ , i •
• • • . ' .' .: ' ■ ■■' ' ' •
I CHRISTMAS EDITION |
a W3I fce the greatest Christmas number ever printed in the West. %
a • - ■■ •
1 QO PAGES IN THE on |
S OL MAGAZINE SECTION 66 2
2 ; ' • • • - • •
S THE CONVALESCENCE OF JACK HAMLIN. 1
2 By BRET HARTE. • 2
0 A 10,000- word story In Bret Harte's happiest vein, and the most eipen- •
2 , sive Christmas feature that has ever appeared in a San Francisco paper. S
« . ;.- ■ — .-■: .". -. '•.■■■'. — — — — — 1
g J ■ ■ • ■ ©
§ AN ARCTIC DAWN o
1 By JOAOUIN MILLER. 2
• SIGN OF THE RED GOOSE |
© Ey MADGE MORRIS. ■ •
© '■ • -■■- ■-. ■ »
2 THE ROSE OF SHARON 2
• . i By AUGUSTA PRESCOTT. •
1 A CHRISTMAS IN YELLOW |
2 : " • By KATHRYN JARBOE •
2 TERSE CHRISTMAS SERMONS 2
2 By San Francisco Divines. 2
1 MENUS FOR A CHRISTMAS 2
- • * rv* \! kirn ■
• : v UliMNLK «
2 By San Francisco's Best Chefs. 2
2 A SANTA CLAUS STORY 2
|- By FANNY W. McLEAN. '. •
| LIFE STORY OF THE LATE 1
© MARGARET CROCKER, S
| ' ', ' • ■,. —-•■/. |
1 |/\ FULL-PAGE PICTURES |A |
2 II I By the Following Artists i II I ,•
® 1 \J CAHILL, ERADSHAW. WARREN, . KAHLER, OWENS. 1 \J %
• , PARMENTER. ROHRHAND AND BOREIN. •
m' —---—---————————---——-——————— —^_ — .— . . I,, _ i ®
8 A JOLLY' CHRISTMAS GAME. !
A Checkerboard, with rules, whereby two, three or four can play..^ q
• The greatest Checker game ever devised. Q
© FREE WITH THE SUNDAY CALL CHRISTMAS EDITIONi 2
YOUNG JANES
DEFEATED BY
MONROE GREEN
With. Victory in Sight He Is
./Compelled to Abandon
the Handball Tournament
i Monroe Green and Charles Melrose
the right. to the championship of
;the second and. third classes last night Jn
the handball tournament that has been
.In' progress, at the Olympic Club during
tho past three weeks.
Green met George "Janes, the phenoma
naFyoung player, who ha3 gone down th»
line defeating the best in his class. Janes
had . victory In his grasp, but bis hand
gaye^ out and in the third game he re
luctantly quit the court, leaving Green
master of the situation. The contest be
tween Janes and Green was productive, of
clever playing. In the first game Janes
gave a wonderfully ciever exhibition and
easily defeated Green. In the second
game Janes had 14 to Green's 4. and was
in line for victory. His hand gave out
at this - critical point. Every time the
game youngster struck the ball he would
wince with pain. Green, seeing his op
ponent's weaknsss, played all the harder
and took the game in good style. Green
played with renewed confidence and was
winning in his own way. Janes could
barely use his right hand, and seeing his
case was hopeless wisely gave tip the*
contest.
Charles Melrose outplayed T. I. Fltz
patrlck In the final game in the third
class. The rubber was full of long rallies
and interesting plays, Jbut Melrose always
came out the victor. Fltzpatrick had no
toss and all his points were made in open
play. Melrose "killed" cleverly and put
up a heady game.
On Sunday afternoon George Janes and
Jack Gleason will contest for the'cham
pionship of the first class. ' This game has
attracted a great deal of interest and a
large crowd will be present when these
players meet.
The scores were: Melrose, 21, 21: Fitz
patrick, 19, 16; Green, 13, 21, 21; Janes, 21,
19. L
CHARGE HIS AUBEST
TO DISCHAKGED CLEBK
Friends of Paymaster Bobinsoa
Claim. That He Is the Victim
of Spita Work.
Traveling Paymaster Charles J. Robin
son of the Southern Pacific Company has
returned to this city, but has nothing to
say in reference to his arrest by the Fed
eral authorities on a charge of smuggling
Mexican cigars across the border at Ari
zona."
"When interviewed yesterday Robinson
excused himself from talking about the
case- by saying that he was busy. His
friends, however, claim that he Is a vic
tim of spite work. They say that several
months ago Robinson discharged a clerk
employed on the car for smuggling, and
that the clerk out of malice preferred the
charge. It is asserted that the clerk in
formed the Federal authorities that Rob
inson had a large quantity of cigars hid
in the car. but when they swooped down
on it they only found one box.
Sues for Death, of Husband.
Rebecca Rosenblum and Essie Rosen
blum, widow and daughter of Harry Ros-»
enblum, who was killed by being crushed
between an elevator and the walls of tho
elevator shaft in a building on Bush,
street, near Montgomery, November 2
last, filed a suit for $50,000 , damages yes
terday against C. D., Mary E., Joseph A.,
John B. and Nellie O'SuHivan and Pat
rick and Annie Boland, the owners of the
building. ,
56
_ . CRvJiArti * -
SATURDAY ...... DECEMBER 14, ig?i
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, jfo'j'etor.v^
ICirttt All Canmi&fctUo&s to W. 8. TiBAITB,' Kutpr.
MANAGER'S OFFICES... Telephone PreM 204
I'CBLICATIOX OFFICE... Market and Third, S. F.
Telephone Press 201.
EDITORIAL ROOMS..... 217 to. 221 Steveaaon St.
Telephone PreM 202.
Delivered l»y Carrier*. IB Cent* Per Week.
Sinsrle Cople». K Cent*.
Term* by Mall, Including: Postages
DAILT CALL (Including Sunday), one year .....$I.O0
DAJLT CALL {Including Sunday), c months 8.W
DAILY CALL (including Sunday). S months... .1.60
DAILT CALL— By Single Month «So
FUXDAT CALL. On* Tear........'................: 1.60
■WEEKLY CALL. One Tear.. ...'....»..-.••. .....'.... ..i.. .'•••• 1.00
All poBtmaater* are authorized to recclr* '
■ubacrlptlons. ~- ' ' . . . .
Eampl* eopiea -will be forwarded when requested...
Mail evbecribers In ordering change of addrers fhould be
rerticoltr to rive both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS In order
to Insure a prompt and correct compliance with their request.
OAKLAKD OFFICE .1118 Broadway
C GEORGE IvROGJTKSS.
Kt&tget Foreign Advertising, Earqnette Building, Chicago.
<Lonr Distance Telephone "Central HSU.") ;<'{
NEW TOBK CORRESPONDENT: . -' ~y'"'~
C C CABLTOV .Herald Square
NEW TORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN B. SMITH ...SO Tribune Buildtnff
NEW TORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf-Astoria Hotel; A. Brcntano. U Union Square:
Murray HIH Hotel. \
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Sherman House ; P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel:
Fremont Hooee: Auditorium Hotel.
« i
WASHJJCCTON O>. CA OFFICE 14AH C St- K. W.
SIORTOX E. CRANE. Correspondent.
BRAXCH OFFICES— CT Montgomery, corner of Clay, open
enttl *:W o'clock. £00 Hayes, open until 9:20 o'clock. <33
McAllister, open until $:S0 o'clock. CIS Larkln. open until
l:to o'clock. 1S41 MlEFlon. open until 10 o'clock. 2261 Market.
comer Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock. 10S6 Valencia, open
entll t o'clock. 10S Eleventh, open until » o'clock. NW.
corner Twenty-second and Kentucky, open until 9 o'clock.
2200 nilmcre. open ■until 9 p. m.
AMUSEMENTS.
Tlvoll— "In Town." •: !
Central— "The Electrician." i, t. .*,!
Alcazar— "Christopher Jr."
Columbia— "A Royal Rogue."
Orpheum— Vaudeville.
Grand Opera-house — "A wife's Peril.**
California— "The Cowboy and the Lady." .
Chutes. Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
eveninsr.
Fischer" e— Vaudeville.
Recreation Park — Baseball.
Central Park— Vasco Ball Game.
Oakland Racetrack— Races to-day.
AUCTION SALES.
By G. H. Umbsen — Monday. December 16. Real Estate, at
14 Montgomery street.
TARIFF STRIFE IN GERMANY.
REPORTS from Berlin show that the tariff con
troversy in that country is being carried on
with much more heat and bitterness than such
controversies ever excited here. In fact, the German
agitation approaches the fervor that marked the free
trade movement in Great Britain when for a time the
4emand for a repeal of the corn laws came near to
breaking out into something like civil war. The
German opponents of the Kaiser's tariff scheme are
not talking of insurrection, but nevertheless they are
displaying an antagonism that threatens to array class
against class and seriously disturb the whole social
organism.
The Kaiser desires an increased revenue and has
sought to obtain it partly by an increase of customs
duties. He himself has in all probability no preju-.
dice in favor of one kind of duty rather than an
other. He lias always held himself carefully aloof
from parties, and therefore it is hardly fair to hold
him responsible for the schedules of the tariff that
has been submitted. His Chancellor has doubtless
drawn up the bill as best he could to obtain the sup
port needed to carry it through the legislative
bodies. In doing so he has conceded so much to the
agrarians that he has aroused the intense opposition
of the workers in the cities, who perceive that higher
duties on agricultural products will mean an in
creased cost of bread. Their fight, therefore, is the
same that the British factory workers made against
the corn laws. It is a cry for food.
The bitterness with which the debate is carried on
was shown by a recent incident in the Reichstag.
Herr Bebel, in opposing the bill, denounced it as a
"hunger tax" and argued that its direct tendency is
toward a reduction of the working people to starva
tion. Warming to his theme he appealed to the sen
timent of his hearers and told a pathetic story of a
dying child in Berlin who said, "I will be glad to
get to heaven because there is no hunger there." The
pathos was spoiled by a shout of mocking laughter
from the agrarians, and one of them said the child's
hunger was doubtless due to the fact that her parents
spent their money on beer rather than bread. ;..
That meant of course that the agrarian landlords
have no sympathy with vvorkingmen and are not to
be moved by tales of starvation. Those stories, how
ever, have a profound effect upon the working
classes, and it will be seen there is an antagonism of
sentiment and sympathy that is decidedly dangerous.
Free trade was carried in Great Britain by a series
of bad years that ruined crops and brought something
like famine to the people. . In the face of the need
of more food it was impossible for the Government
to retain the corn laws. What would happen in Ger
many if at the present juncture a bad year should
come and the people actually feel the pinch of star
vation it is impossible to say. It is certain, however,
the agrarians are playing in big luck in having a
chance to present their tariff at a time when crops
are abundant and food is not scarce in any part of
the civilized world, unless certain remote parts of
Russia be called civilized.
The international effect of the tariff is not likely to
be anything like so acute as the domestic effect.
There has been much talk of its interference with
American trade, but it may prove less hurtful than is
feared. Our chief interest in it lies in the reported
statement of the Kaiser that if he did not get re
ciprocity he would "get in and smash things." Well,
he is not going to get reciprocity, and if the new
German tariff is an illustration of his idea of smash
ing things we need not be alarmed hereafter by any
thing he may say in his moments of exuberance.
The managers of the ceremonies of King Edward's
coronation arc said to be trying their best to get rid
of a great deal of the ancient tomfoolery that has de
scended with the aristocracy from the middle ages,
and as a result a good many lords and titled dames
have reached the conclusion that the managers are a
set of tomfools themselves.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, DECEMBER 14, 1901.
AN UNWISE COUNCIL.
PROFESSOR COUNCIL imparts lore to the
students of the Alabama Agricultural and Me
chanical College. We have not at hand the
catalogue of that able institution, and therefore are
not prepared to say whether he teaches the proper
method of ringing the rooters "of. the primitive pigs
of the region, which exist on the roots of the forest
and fatten on its oak mast, or whether he; instructs
in the proper tone in which the milky mother of the
herd is to be called "So, boss)" and made to "hoist,"
in preparation for the bi-daily manipulation of her
dugs. However, no matter what the line of learn
ing he pulls in the college, we discuss him in his more
exposed, public and prominent role as a teacher of
wisdom in ethnology,' politics and etiquette.
Incident to the recognition of Professor Washing
ton by President Roosevelt there has been a renewed
agitation in a certain section of the South of the fear
that the "damnigger" is going to walk away with the
birthright of those proud people. We notice that the
sense of desecration of the White House mahogany
by having Washington's black;legs under it has not
caused any of the Southern Senators and Represen
tatives to decline President Roosevelt's invitation to
dine with him, and perhaps sit in the same chair oc
cupied by the negro, eat from the same plate, maybe,
and with the same knife and fork, wiping their chaps
on the same napkin. Senators Pettus, Mallory, Fos
ter of Louisiana, and Clay, and a large number of
others, have accepted the same hospitality that was
enjoyed by Washington and have not been asked to
resign by their constituents.
What the consequences would be if Professor
Council were invited we are not able to predict. Of
course he would decline, but the form of his declina
tion must be contemplated through smoked spec
tacles or some other medium to protect the eye from
the lurid language in which it would be/ couched.
This opinion of Professor Council is based upon a
recent delivery that has brought him into the fierce
focus of publicity.
Until a few days ago he was as unknown as was
our vermiform appendix until the surgeons opened
an abdominal flap and detected it in the- act of at
tacking the rest of our insides. ' But he is known now.
He has publicly laid down three propositions on the
sectional and race issue and thereupon challenges all
comers. These are: "1. That the^nly pure Anglo-
Saxon blood to be fcund in the United States is in
the South. 2. That this pure Anglo-Saxon blood will
rule by the ballot, if possible, but by the bullet if
necessary. 3- That when the negro undertakes to
step over the line separating the two races he will
step from life to death."
It is news that the Anglo-Saxon is prevalent in the
South and is found there only. In the Carolinas a
considerable part of the early settlers were Gascons.
They came from that part of France where an ele
vated imagination and a hereditary habit of lying has
made mountains out of mole hills, eagles out of mud
hens, and has turned gray geese into swans. So we
have the term "gasconading" to describe that sort of
swashbuckling which has come down even to this
generation. The two greatest natives of South Caro
lina were Calhoun, a Scotchman, and Andrew Jack
son, of Scotch-Irish lineage. Then the Huguenots
peopled the South and gave us the long and illus
trious line of the Bayards of Delaware, the Maurys,
Le Contes and many more. The French Acadians
settled Louisiana, in company with a direct immi
gration from France, and gave us Pierre Soule and
a distinguished company of publicists and statesmen.
The Jews were not behind the rest, and a long pro
cession of them was led by Judah P. Benjamin. But
we will call the roll no further upon Professor Coun
cil. In the elucidation of his thesis of three horns
he takes occasion to assert the general superiority of
the South over the North and its greater skill in
handling the gun and his general contempt for every
thing up our way, which he boldly refuses to conceal.
ft is only the knowledge that his own section will
laugh at the chattering jay that makes one at all pa
tient with his vanity, bad manners and ignorance.
But he got his name in the papers, and that was
probably the object of his effort.
Reports concerning Major Van Tets, the Dutch
officer who resented the treatment of the Queen by
her husband, Prince Henry, are various. Some say
he was killed in a due! by a pistol-shot, others that
he was wounded with a sword in a scuffle, while a
third report is that lie was kicked in the stomach.
All agree, however, that he interfered in a family
quarrel and got the usual reward.
ALASKAN POSSIBILITIES.
WHEN the time came for Governor John C.
Brady of Alaska to issue his Thanksgiving
proclamation last month he began by say
ing: "We in Alaska, in comparing our blessings
with those which our friends enjoy in other places,
find that we have much for which to be thankful.
Some things are so common and constant with us
that we scarcely appreciate them — our equable cli
mate and the abundance of rain. The terrible heat
of the past summer in the East: did not disturb our
comfort, but "aroused our sympathies for those who
had to endure it. Drought and arid wastes we can
not complain of. We have an abundance of grass,
and where men have attempted to till the earth it has
yielded many fold, and those who have tried it are'
satisfied that greater things are in store for them." >
When the Alaskan gives thanks for his climate
and for the abundance of grass and the bright pros
pects of .his agriculture we are inclined to believe a:
joke is intended. However, there is no joke in the N
Governor's proclamation. He went on to, point out
that in addition to the equability of the climate, the
abundant rainfall, the absence of torrid heats, the
profusion of grass and the prospects of good results
from the tillage of the soil, the people of Alaska have
reason to be thankful because their fisheries are
profitable and the mineral wealth is more promising
than ever before. Now all of , those statements, with
the exception of that referring to the climate, are in
dorsed to some extent in the official report of the
Secretary of the Interior.
When William H. Seward induced the Government:
of the United States to pay out a large sum of money
for Alaska he was .ridiculed, and his purchase' was
made the subject of no end of jesting and sarcasm.
In fact, Congress was induced to carry gut the pur
chase more out of friendship to Russia than out of
any liking for Alaska. Events have proven that
Seward builded wiser than he knew. Alaska is really a
rich country in its way and is worth many times over
the price that was paid for it. In fact, it is stated by
the Secretary that from the Nome district alone the
output of gold this season is estimated at $7,000,000,
just about the amount that Seward paid for the whole
vast region.
The productiveness of Alaskan gold fields is, how
ever, by no means, so interesting astory just now as
that portion of the report relating to the possibilities
of tilling the Alaskan soil and getting. from it enough
in the. way of food. to enable any considerable popu
lation to live there, and enjoy that climate.
. The report *says that market 'gardens are now found
near Skagwayy Daiwson and Eagle"- . and at j various
points in Central. and Southern Alaska. It is added
that along the banks of the great rivers there are vast
tracts of arable land. Hay can be cured in the val
leys to the north of the Coast Range, but along the
southern coast the frequent rains render the drying
of hay a difficult ■• matter. In that region, however,
the silo has been used with success. In fact, such
experiments as have been made in the way of. agri
culture or market-gardening in Alaska have been, so
successful as to lead the Governor to recommend an
increased appropriation for an extension of the ex
periment stations. >>";•_ '■"!;-,
It will be seen that Governor Brady's Thanksgiv
ing exuberance was hot without something of reason
to justify it. It may be a long time before people will
go to Alaska "for an equable climate, but there seems*
every assurance that it may .develop -into. a\-country
where a high degree of the comfort 'of civilization ;
may be maintained. : At any rate, it must ' be gratify
ing to the pioneers of the Territory ■ to'* know that
their Governor is a boomer and not a pessimist. He
is not going to. give 'Alaska a black eye either inan
official report- or a Thanksgiving proclamationr
The British War Office complains that while there
is no difficulty in getting recruits for the war in South
Africa very . few of them know how to shoot, so if
they are accepted by the army they are of. no use
until they have been through a long course of >< in
struction. The consequence has been a movement
for the organization of rifle clubs- among the""peo
ple, and ere long the average Briton will know a
gun when he sees it and also what to do with it when
he gets hold, of it. .■'*■'
AN IRRIGATION PRECEDENT.
PRESIDENT cordial in
dorsement of the policy of providing irriga
tion for the arid regions of. the country,
wherever such irrigation can be economically main
tained, has had the effect of bringing the issue into
the domain of practical politics. It has been under
discussion a long-time and several tentative meas
ures have been enacted by Congress for dealing
with it. The prospects are that it may noWbe soon
taken up in a comprehensive way and a scientific
plan devised for redeeming millions of barren or
semi-barren acres.
Senator Bard is quoted as saying that at present
the chief difficulty in the way of providing for irri
gation is a difference of opinion on matters of detail
among those who favor the policy on general prin
ciples. That of course might have been foreseen.
The discussion up to this time has been almost
wholly academic, and every one interested in it has
felt at liberty to devise his own scheme for, carrying
out the project. Now that the time for action is at
hand it is necessarily difficult to harmonize conflicting
views. Among practical statesmen, however, that
difficulty will not be insuperable. In fact, it ought
to be possible for the irrigationists of Congress to
get together on some bill at this session and press
it to a vote so that the people may understand who
are for it and who are against it'.
If any precedent were needed to demonstrate anew
the value of irrigation carried out on a large scale
it would be found in what has been accomplished by
the British in Egypt... In a recent report on the sub
ject Lord Cromer states-that since 1885. the govern
ment of Egypt has expended over $35,000,000 on pub
lic works connected with the Nile. That is an enor
mous outlay for a country so poor as Egypt, but
the results prove it to have been one of the most suc
cessful achievements of British rule. ' It has had the
effect of doubling the cotton crop and adding, up
ward of $25,000,000 annually to the income of; the
people.
Basing conclusions upon the results thus obtained
by improved irrigation facilities in Lower Egypt, the
British are sanguine that an even larger proportional
benefit will be derived from comprehensive irrigation
along the Upper Nile. It is proposed to dam one of
the lakes which form the sources of the Nile and so
create a' huge reservoir to draw upon at need.
Sir William Garstin, who has charge of the en
gineering problems involved in the scheme, states in
a recent report that a series of dams aud canals can
be so constructed that the completed work will not
only provide irrigation for millions of arid acres, but
will also drain extensive swamps, and, finally, im
prove the navigation of the Upper Nile as well: The
accomplishment of three such important benefits by
a single scheme of improvement will certainly rank
among the best things the white man has yet per
formed in the task of improving the condition of in
ferior races.
What Great Britain is doing for the poor people
of Egypt the United States can certainly undertake
to do for the benefit of its own people. Modern'
engineering is quite equal to any task the policy will
impose upon it. We cannot afford to let Egypt beat
us in the work of turning the desert into a garden.
The Immigration Restriction League is busily en
gaged in the task of educating, Congress up to the
point of adopting a thorough educational standard as
a requisite for admission of immigrants, and as pub
lic opinion favors the idea it is quite possible we may
have such a standard provided at this session of Con
gress.
It is now fairly certain that none of Kasson's re
ciprocity treaties will be ratified : by the Senate/but
the Commissioner can find consolation in the fact
that he held a high position, did a good, deal of din
ing with the august diplomats of Europe and will get
a good salary for having had a high time. •
The automobile that won the "endurance race from
New York to Buffalo last September, has been re
cently used to open up a snow-filled road, and the
farmers along the way have now a respect for the
machine that is said to be something immense.
It is now reported that Bryan is willing to become
a candidate for the Governorship of Nebraska, and
should he fail to get the nomination he is willing to
run for Congress. In fact, he seems willing, to- do
anything that will give him a chance to talk.
When Lord Kitchener sent Miss Hobhouse back
to England he doubtless thought he i s had got rid.of
her, but he, was mistaken. She is going to j sue him
for damages, and he will have to "follow Boer tactics
and keep out of the way. .
It is said to be, much easier toselect an appropriate
present for a woman than for a man, and perhaps that
is the reason why the . course of ' Christmas giving
runs mainly in the direction of the ladies., i
With every wise woman the motto of the season is;
"Shop early and avoid the rush.'' V
PMFENT OFFICE IN POSSESSION
OF MODEL OF FIRST TYPEWRITER
AMONG THE MANY INTERESTING ORIGINAL MODELS TO BE FOUND IN THE PATENT o ™fE^jjj^:
INGTON IS THAT OF THE FIRST TYPEWRITER. IT IS A ROUGHLY MADE AFFAIR. THE INVENTION
OF R. T. P. ALLEN OF KENTUCKY. I
THE model department of the United States Patent Office
in Washington is illuminated here and there with the
original models of the very great inventions.
In one of the cabinets is to be seen Morse's original
model of the telegraph instrument, fashioned by his own
hands. The model is very, crudely made, but it inspires rev
erence in the visitor, and even a certain sort of awe, when he
pauses to think of what the telegraph has done for the ad
vancement of the world, and what a slow universe this would
be if we did not have telegraphic communication with our fel
low beings the world over.
In another~6abinet, inspiring the Fame sort of reverence, and
bringing thoughts of the days when every bit of sewing in the
PERSONAL MENTION.
Harry McEdwards of Nome is at the
Palace.
H. B. Hall, a mining man of Mexico, is
at the Lick. >*<_ ,
W. E. Mills, a mining man of Qulncy, i3
at the Lick.
B. J. Storey, a merchant of Bonanza, is
at the Russ.
D. C. Clark, a resident of Santa Cruz, is
at the Grand. • .
C. Tinkham, a lumber . dealer of. Red
Bluff, is at the Grand.
Dr. A. M. Ritchie, a physician of Pa
cific Grove, is at the Grand.
T. B. Kay, proprietor of the woolen
mills at Salem, Or., is at the Russ.
Henry B. West, a rancher of Biggs, 13
at the Russ, accompanied by his wife.
E. S. Valentine, a real estate dealer and
insurance man of Fresno, is at the Lick,
Major Frank J. McLaughlln arrived
from the East yesterday and is at the
Palace.
Charles B. Harris, "United States Con
sul at Nagasaki, arrived from the Orient
yesterday and is at the Occidental.
Postage on Christmas Edition.
The great Christmas edition of The
Call, issued December 15, 1901, con
tains 70 pages and will weigh 17
ounces.' f The rates of postage on this
edition Will be as follows:
Domestic ! 5 cents
Foreign. -9 cents
Imitates Sumatra Spots.
Even if Connecticut has lost the art of
making wooden nutmegs, it still possesses
similar ingenuity in other directions. In
the efforts of the tobacco growers of that
State to drive the Sumatra wrapper leaf
from the market they have evolved a
means of artificially producing the light
brown spots that are found in the Sumat
ra leaf, and which is one of the char
acteristics that' give it popularity with
smokers. •
* For many years experimenters were try
ing to produce these spots in the domestic
leaf, but any preparation that was strong
enough to spot the leaf was strong enough
to/burn a hole through it,. aritU* spoil it.
Now a spotting fluid has been discovered,
and plants still standing are sprayed with
it.: ' ■■■ - ■• '■ --- : -
The man who does the spraying, takes
a bottleful of the yellow- caustic potash
mixture, inserts in the neck a metal plug
with the spraying attachment, and starts
down the tobacco row, giving each plant
a dose as he passes. And thus Connecti
cut tobacco with Sumatra tobacco spots
is prepared for the market and xhe
smoker. .; '
"Why don't. you put on your hat, my
boy?" remarked the summer boarder.
"Don't you know you're likely to be sun
struck?". ;:. ' . ■. ■ ' J . ,
"Yes, I know, but if I bo hqme with
wet hair an' dad ketches me there'll be
a son struck, anyhow."— Philadelphia
Press. ■ . - '■>-".
ONE DOLLAR
FOR 5 CENTS
WHAT is it?
""'•• The best story -> that Bret
Harte ever wrote! .
The name? '.
"The Convalescence of
Jack Hamlin."
. Inhere can you get it?-
hi the great Christmas
edition, of The Call— out
next. Sunday.
Will the price > be extra?
No, only the same 5 cents,
but- there will < be enough
extra . features to make this
edition well worth a dollar. ■
world was done by hand, is Elias Howe's model of the sewing
machine. The visitor unconsciously repeats to himself the
words of the song of the shirt, "Stitch, Stitch, Stitch," and
thinks of tne agony of that stitching in the days of Hood,
when it wa3 all done by hand.
Howe's first sewing machine is almost as crude as Morse 3
telegraph sounder, but in both cases the model operated exact
ly as described in the specifications, and the patents were ac
cordingly granted.
Not a whit less Interesting is the model of the first type
writer the invention of. R. T. P. Allen, a Kentuckian. It is
still more roughly raad« than the models of the telegraph anrt
sewing machine, but it proved to be quite as important an in
vention.
ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
A DAY IN JANUARY— O., Oakland,
Cal. The 29th of January, 1878, fell on
Tuesday.
CITY HALL— V. C, Sacramento. The
cost of the City Hall, San Francisco, was
$5,800,000.
BLOCKADE— S., City. The blockade of
the north coast of Cuba between Cardenas
and Bahia Honda and of the south coast,
port of Cienfuegos, was ordered by Presi
dent McKinley April 22,- 189S.
PRIVATE SCHOOLS— A. O. C, City. In
the classified portion of the city directory,
in the back part of the book under the
head <jf schools* you will find the ad
dresses of private schools in this city.
This department cannot advertise such.
LATIN PROVERB-Subscrlber. City.
"Quod male fers assuesce; feres bene," is
Latin from Seneca, and means: "Accus
tom yourself to do that which you bear
ill, and you will bear it well"; that is,
patience and resignation will lighten every
difficulty.
PLANETS— Constant Reader, City. The
planets that are visible at this time are
Venus, Jupiter, Saturn and Uranus in the
west, Mars is visible at about 6 o'clock
and Neptune i3 seen in the constellation
of Taurus. No one living at thi3 time will
ever again see so many planets at one
time.
MINT PARS— Enq., City. Mint pars are
practically fixed under all circumstances
between countries using the same stand
ard metal. .When one country has a solid
metallic standard and the other a weak
metallic standard or a depreciated paper
currency, the depreciation must be al
lowed for, to get at the real exchange on
a specie basis between the two countries.
HOW TO PRONOUNCE GRAU-W. B.
of this city writing to this department
gives the following as a way to pronounce
the name Grau: _„-- '
As hl3 own little frau
Could not say the name Grau,
Thus spake her calamity howler:
Take one letter from grout
Or take two from ground
Or three when you call me growler.
STOCK COMPANY LIMITED-Enq.,
City. In a limited stock company the lia
bility of each shareholder is limited by the
number of shares he has taken, so that he
cannot be called upon to contribute be
yond the amount of his shares. In Great
Britain a company formed for profit must,
if the liability of its stockholders is limit
ed,'have the word "limited" as the last
word of its name.
BREAKING OP THE ROPE-Sub
scriber, City, j In several of the European
countries, notably- France, England, Italy,
several * of, the German states and Spain,
there are laws that a man condemned to
be hanged, should the rope break after
he is launched. from the scaffold, is free.
The -theory of such laws recognized the
interposition of Divine Providence for the
rescue - of an innocent man, and when
the' rope- broke - the * legal j authorities as
sumed that the Almighty. declared the in
nocence of the condemned.
A LOST NOTE— Curious, Oakland, Cal.
In the case of a lost note the owner may
recover on-tendering to the maker a suf
ficient indemnity in some form against
any future claim upon the lost instrument,
or he must bring himself within some of
the excepted cases where Indemnity is not
required. Thus, if a note ia not payable
to bearer and, has not been indorsed, or
has been indorsed specially, or where it i3
clearly shown to have been destroyed, or
when.it has been traced to the maker's
custody, a recovery may usually be had
without tendering indemnity.
PRESIDENT'S SALARY — Subscriber
City. By the act of Congress of Septem
ber 24, 1798, and again on February 18
1793, the. salary of the President of the
United States was fixed at $25,000 and that
of the Vice President at $5000. That of the
President continued the same until March
3,-1,873, when it was raised to $50,000, at
which "time U. S. Grant was President
The salary- of the Vice President was
raised to $8000 in 1833, to $10,000 March 3
1873, and January 20, 1874, it was" again
reduced to $8000. !: The constitution of the
United States says: "The President shall,
at stated times, receive for his services a
compensation, whlch^ shall neither be in
creased nor diminished during the period
for which he shall have been elected."
A CHANCE TO SMILE.
Young "Woman (in open street car)— I
don't see why some men are bound to
smoke every moment they are on a car.
Old "Woman (loudly) — Oh, let 'em smoke,
poor fellows. I s'pose their wives won't
let 'em smoke at home.— New York
Weekly.
"Your cook sits on your front piazza
every evening-."
"Well, we like the back porch just as
well,; and, of course, we never say any
thing" to hurt the cook's feelings in the
hot weather."— Chicago Record-Herald.
Urban^— Why, old man, those chickens of
yours are regular gamecocks. '" What
makes them such fighters?
Suburban— I'm sure I don't know, un
less it comes from feeding them scraps. —
Detroit Free Press.
"Is Michael a card player?" asked the
little one, as the gardener turned away.
"Not so far as I know," replied her
mother. ""Why do you ask such a. ques
tion?"
"Because he's always saying, *Whlst,
now.' "—Washington Star.
"Fred's bride has a very plain face,
don't you think?"
"Yes, but she's an odd girl. She pre
fers to wear it that way."— Cleveland
Plain Dealer.
"You should be thrifty and lay some
thing aside for a rainy day," said the man
who gives advice ad libitum.
"Mister," said the Kansas farmer, "you
talk like a. blame theorist- What we peo
ple need to do is to lay . something . aside
against a dTouth."— Washington Globe.
"No," said the impecunious one, "you
can't believe all that you see in the news
papers."
"Are you prepared to specify?** tlla
other man asked.
"I am. I saw a statement in the finan
cial columns that money was easy, . but
when I tried to negotiate a loan I found
that the reverse was true." »
"You misunderstood the paragraph. It
didn't say that people were easy."— Judge.
"That's good counsel the new preacher
gave us," said the deacon.
"Which is?"
"Love yer neighbor while he sleeps but
watch him while he wakes!"— Atlanta
Constitution.
The Moon Is Receding.
Scientists say that the moon is receding
farther and farther from the earth, and
will continue to recede for countless ages
until the terrestial day is shorter than the*
lunar month. Millions of years ago, when
the earth was a molten mass, It revolved
around its axis once every .five or six
hours. The moon then. was a part of the
earth, but in time was broken off and be
came its satellite.
Aa the motion of the earth decreased
and the day became longer, the distance
of the moon became greater. Our day
is now twenty-four hours long and tl>e
moon is 240,000 miles away. As the length
of the terrestrial day increased so did ;h»
distance of the moon. The two quantities v/
are connected by inexorable equations. If /\
one varies, so must the other. Whenever
the .rotation time of a planet is shorter
than the period of revolution of its satel
lite the effect of their mutual action 13 to
accelerate the motion of the satellite and
to force it to move In a larger orbit— to
increase its "distance, therefore.
Choice candies. Townsend's. Palace Hotel.*
Cal. Glace Fruit 50c per lb at Townsend'a. •
Thousands of packages of Cal. Glace
Fruits now ready for shipping. Time now
to send East. Townsend's, 639 Market
street. Palace Hotel. •
Special' information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau- (Allen's), 510 Mont-
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
Even the woman who is a chronic bar-
gain hunter doesn't select a husband who
Is reduced. .
"The Overland Limited." via Union Paciflo
R. R., is the only train making connection In
Chicago with the fa3t Express Trains leaving
Chicago in the morninj for New York By
this Route you can remain in San PrancUco
until 10 a. m., reaching Chicago six isourW
quicker than on any other Limited Traio. ThU IT
train runs Every Day In the Year IX W*
Hitchcock. . Gen. Aart.. No. 1 Montgomery ml
S. F. »" *AMUSE3I33JTS.
I3ELA6CO & THALL M*n*seri
LAST TWO NIGHTS.
"CHRISTOPHER JR."
EXCELLING ALCAZAR STOCK CO.
ReEulBT Matinees To-day and To-morrow.
Seats on sale 6ix flays In aSvance.
• ___ XEXT— —
"THE GAY MR, L16HTF0QT."
LAST TIMES,
MATINEE TO-DAY
TO-N'IGHT,
S. MILLER KENr,
PRESENTING!
THE COWBOY AND THE LADY.
By CLYDE FITCH. Author of "Barbara
A Frietchle." etc.. etc.
York Knickerbocker Theater Production.
TO-MORROW NIGHT. . ' ' :
THOMAS JEFFERSON.
Presentinr on a Magnificent Scale
« "RIP VAN WINKLE."
SEATS READY.
THIS WEEK AnTkEXT WEEK!
EVERY NIGHT (INCLUDINC SUNDAY.)
!! MATINEE TO-DAY |J
America's Foremost Comic Opera Comedian,
JEFFERSON DE ANGELIS,
2n the Enormously Successful Operatic Novelty,
A Royal Rogue.
By Chas. Kltin and \Vm. T. Francis.
BRIGHT, WITTY, BRILLIANT.
On the 23d— MARY MANTTERING In
"JANICE MEREDITH." \
, MATINEES TO-DAY AND TO-MORROW.
LAST TWO NIGHTS OF
"A WIFE'S PERIL."
Week Commencing MONDAY EVEN'G NEXT,
MINNIE SELIGMAN
America's Greatest Emotional Actress,
In Victorlen Sardou's Powerful Play,
"DIPLOMACY,"
The BiRgest Hit of Lart Season at Charles
Frohman's Empire Theater. New Yorlc
POPrLAR PRICES— ;!!l0cii;15c!!!25c!||50c(|i75c
Good Orchestra Seats All Matinees 23c.
ilATINEE TO-DAY (SATURDAY). Dec. 14.
Parquet, any seat, 25c; Balcony. 10c; Chil-
dren, any part except reserved, 10c
A BILL THATJS A HUMMER!
Sherrie llathews, Norma Whalley,
Sam Marion and 'William McCart.
Flo Irwin and Walter Hawley.
. Duxnond's Parisian Minstrels and
the Biograph. Last times of La
Tortajada, Fred Hiblo, Praser
Troupe and Werden and Shepherd.
EVERT EVZXIXG AT 8 SHARP.
MATINEE SATURDAY AT 2 SHARP!*
Last Times of the Famous
POLLARD AUSTRALIAN
JUVENILE OPERA CO.
"IN TOWN. 5 '
MONDAY, Dec. 16. Tne rarorito
TIVOLI COMIC OPERA COMPANY.
In "LITTLE RED RIDING HOOD."
POPULAR PRICES 25c. 50c and 75c
Telephone — Busn 9.
BEZJLSCOA^THALESstfftg,
MATIXEE TO-DAY AXD TO-MORROW.
TO-NIGHT & SUNDAY EVC3 — Last Times.
2$ A Big Success. Chas. E. Blaney's Comedy
* Drama.
THF
ELECTRICIAN
An Electric Power-house In Full Operation.
DDIfEC Exenlngs 10c to Mo
liilLLJ Matinees 10c, 15c, 25c
JCext Monday "MULDOON'S PICNIC."
HERE'S WHERE YOU LAUGH.
CHUTES^™ ZOO
Big Vaudeville Bill.
SPECIALS-NIGHT !
GRAND PRIZE
CAKEWALK !
COMMENCING TO-MORROW.
THE GREAJ_B!CKNELL.
Telephone for Seats, Park 23.
BASEBALL.
\ll-americas V;VJ
"VS.
SACRAMENTOS.
TO-DAY AT 2:45.
SUNDtLY AT 2:3O.
RECREATION PARK,
Eighth and Harrison Streets.
T"»jopTTT7R>Q CONCERT HOUSE
rlOUnUn O Admission lOc.
MME. CHARITY MARTIN: G. S. Wanrell;
MuJlaly Bisters; Clias. Harrington: Satnella:
Hlanche Reynolds; Kalacratus, and Hlnrichs*
Orchestra. Reserved seats 25c. Matinee Sunday.
PALACE and
GRAND HOTELS.
On one elde of these magnificent
hotels is the wholesale and manu-
facturers' district— on the other re-
tell stores, clubs, railroad and
r.ewspaper offices, banks and the-
aters. Street cars to all parts of
■ the city— depots, ferries and parUs—
[ pass thn entrance.
- ■ American and European plans.
Weekly Call.Sl.OO per Year
CANAL MEASURE
COMPELS FAVOR
House Committee Will
Urge Action on Hep
burn Bill.
Congressmen Unite in Plan
to Secure Rapid Leg
islation. •
WASHINGTON, Dec. 13.— The Mouse
Committee on Interstate and Foreign
Commerce at its first meeting fo-day
voted to favorably report the Hepburn
bill providing for the construction of
the Nicaragua canal. Representative
Fletcher of Minnesota was the only mem
ber voting against reporting the bill.
Before the vote . was taken several
amendments were proposed. One by
Adamson of Georgia was agreed to, pro
viding that the expenditure of 510,000,000
as provided by the bill shall be made on
warrants signed by the President of tne
United States. Other amendments, fix
ing a minimum and maximum depth for
the canal were voted down, the desire
being »to retain the original form of the
Hepourn bill as nearly as possible. Chair
man Hepburn was directed to urere the
measure ta consideration and a vote in
the House at- the -earliest practicable
time.
Hepburn said after the meeting tbat he
would push the bill in the House as one
o£ the tlrst measures to be taken up after
the holidays. The unanimity of the com
mittee to-day was .gratifying to the
friends of the canal measure. Adamson,
a Democrat, of Georgia, moved to report
the bill, and the entire Democratic mem
bership of the committee voted for . the
bill. Adamson Is co-operating with
Chairman Hepburn on the floor of the
House with a view to securing united
action when the measure comes up.
Text of the Measure.
The Hepburn bill, as finally agreed
upon and ordered reported to-day, lol
lows:
Be It enacted, etc.:
Section 1. That the President of the United
States be and is hereby authorized to acquire
from the States of Costa Rica, and Nicaragua
for and in behalf of the United States control
of euch portion of territory now belonging to
Cocta Rica and Nicaragua as may be desirable
and necessary on which to excavate, construct
and protect a canal of such depth and capacity
as will be sufficient for the movements of ships
of the greatest tonnage and draught now la
use. from a point near Greytown, on the Car
ibbean Sea. via Lake Nicaragua, to Brito, on
the Pacific Ocean, and such sum as may be
necessary to Becure euch control is hereby ap
propriated out of any money in the treasury
not otherwise appropriated.
Section 2. That when the President has se
cured full control over the territory In section
1 referred to he shall direct the Secretary
of War to excavate and construct a canal and
waterway from a point on the shore of the
Caribbean Sea, near Greytown, by way of Lake
Nicaragua, to a point near Brito, on the Pa
cific Ocean. Such canal shall be of sufficient
capacity and depth tbat it may be used by
vessels of the largest tonnage and greatest
draught now in use and shall be supplied with
all necessary locks and other appliances to
meet the necessities of vessels passing from
Greytown to Brito. and the Secretary of War
shall also construct such safe and commodious
harbors at the termini of said canal and such
provisions for defense as may be necessary for
the safety and protection of said canal and
harbors.
Privileges for States.
Section 3. That the President shall cause
such surveys as may be necessary for said
canal and harbors, and In the constructing of
the game may employ such persons as he may
deem necessary.
Section 4. That in the excavation and con
struction of said canal the San Juan River
and Lake Nicaragua, or some parts of each,
as may be made available, shall be used.
Section 5. That In any negotiations with the
states of Costa Rica, or Nicaragua the Presi
dent may have the President is authorized to
guarantee to said states the use of said canal
and harbors, upon such terms as may be
agreed upon, for all vessels owned by said
states or citizens thereof.
Section ti. That the' sum of $10,000,000 is
hereby appropriated out of any money in the
treasury not otherwise appropriated, toward
the project herein contemplated, and the Sec
retary of War is further hereby authorized to
enter into a contract or contracts for materials
and work that may be deemed necessay for the
proper excavation, construction, defense and
completion of said canal, harbors and defenses.
to be paid for as appropriations may, from
time to time, be hereafter made, to be drawn
on warrants signed by the President not to ex
ceed in the aggregate one hundred and eighty
million dollars.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Get one cake of jt.
Nobody ever stops at a
cake.
Pears' soap for toilet,
bath and shaving.
Sold all«ver the world.
O -O
Have you
thing'.
HOFF ASBESTOS MFG. GO.,
San Francisco,
Our Products : 27 JESSIE.
glng, asbestos ce- 705 E. FIRST,
ments, diatomace-
ous Insulators, as- .__ gec^SSE??^**,,^
bestos packing, etc aJfeLvT^jiggawtesk
E 8 t i mates fur- £^||p|sggjs
I)—— <>
AJJTTJSEMEUTS.
CENTRAL PARK,
Market Street^_near Eighth.
GAMES AT~2:30 P. M.
Every Thursday, Saturday, Sunday and Tues-
day.
MORE KXCITING THAN BULL FIGHTING.
THE GREATEST GAME OP THE AGE.
ADMISSION 25c AND 50c.
i=-*5^£, }$ri*f,\£?m Every Week Day—
taT Rain or Shine.
NEW CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB
OAKLAND RACETRACK.
Races t tart at 2:15 d. in. eharp. .
Ferry-beats leave San Franciaco at 12 m. and
12-.S0. 1. 1:20, S. 2:30 and S p. m.. connecting
with trains stopping at the entrance tn th*
track. I.att two cars on train reserved for
ladies and their eacorts; no crooking. Buy your
lerry tickets to Hbell Mound. All trains via
Oakland mole connect with San Pablo avenu*
electric car* at Seventh and Broadway. Oak-
land. Also all trains via Alameda mole cuu*.
Beet •with Pan Pablo avenue cars at Fcur-
itenth and Urcadway, Oakland. These electrlo
cars go direct to the track In fifteen minutes.
Returning— Trains leave the track at 4:15 and
4:45 p. m. and Immediately after the last race.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR.. President.
CHAS. V. PRICE. tSfccy. and Mpr.
THE S£!N FRANCISCO CAIJVv SATURDAY, DECEMBER 14, 190K
SHIP JAMES KERR'S WILD
EXPERIENCE OFF CAPE HORN
Gale Drives Her Down to Sixty South Among the Icebergs Near
the Pole— Bering Brings a Million-Dollar Cargo, Which Is
Largely Composed of Furs From the Siberian Coast
THE BRITISH SHIP JAMES KERR IN THE ICEBERGS NEAR THE SOUTH POLE. SHE WAS DRIVEN OFF.
CAPE HORN IN A GALE AND FOR A TIME BOTH CAPTAIN AND CREW THOUGHT THAT SHE WOULD
GO DOWN.
A GENERAL average has been de
clared on the British ship James
Kerr. She was caught in a ter
rific gale off the Horn and driven
south until she was in the Ice
bergs near the pole. At times the mem
bers of the crew thought it was all over
with them and many a day they had to
go aloft in order to loosen the ro»es in
the frozen blocks. Regarding 1 the perilous
voyage Captain Powles said:
"We were in latitude 60 degrees south
when the men suffered most. Everything
was frozen tight and as the ship had suf
fered in a storm none of us knew just
where we were. Luckily the weather
changed and we rounded the Horn in
safety.
"We were on our way here from Ant
werp and had reached the eastward of
Staten Island when the gale came up. It
was a strong norther and on November 12
it started in to blow a gale from" the
northwest. When we were down to 60 de
grees south I hove the ship to under up
per topsails and lower " main topgallant
sail and jib. We were then on the star
board tack and had to keep the ship
sharp up in order to hold her own. Luck
ily a calm came and for three hours we
could not get a knot an hour out of her.
I wore the ship and in half an hour afte*
doing so a hurricane came down that near,
ly buried the vessel. In order to save the
masts everything had to be let go, and
for hours we drove along under bare poles.
When the hurricane subsided we bent new
«sails and in spite of our many mishaps
we made the run front 50 to 50 in sixteen
days."
The James Kerr will load wheat at
Crockett for Europe.
SOME OVERDUE COASTERS.
Fears .Are Expressed for Them on
Account of Matteawan's Fate.
The suppqsed loss of the Matteawan
has caused owners to look nearer home.
Some of the fleet now on the coast are
a little behind time and while some have
been delayed by adverse winds it is proba
ble that others have been in trouble. The
schooner Gotama is out seven days from
Eureka: the Mary Etta, fourteen days
for Siuslaw; the four-masted schooner
Philippine, seventeen days from San
Pedro, for Tacoma; the barkentine
Retriever, twenty-four days from San
Pedro, for Port Hadlock; the Bchooner
S. Danielson, sixteen days from San
Francisco, for Siuslaw, and the schooner
Una is out eighteen days from San Diego,
for Coos Bay.
Brings Home Valuable Cargo.
The barkentine Bering made port early
yesterday morning with the most valuable
cargo of the year. She came from
Petropaulovski in twenty-eight days, one
of the quickest runs on record, but the
Russian-American Company thinks more
of the safo arrival than they do of the
quick run. Among the cargo of the Bering
are 2S3 ermine skins, 455 red fox skins, 102
white fox skins, 170 other skins, eight
glutton (sloth) skins, thirteen wool skins,
118 bear skins, 770 squirrel skins, and 400
cases of salmon. All told the Bering's
cargo Is worth much more than $1,000,000.
Arab Has Been Sold.
The British tramp steamer Arab has
been sold to the Dollar Steamship Com
pany and will in future have San Fran
cisco as her home port. She formerly
came here to carry freight and mules to
the Philippines for Uncle Sam, but when
half way to Honolulu broke down and had
to be turned back to port. On her arrival
here the strike was on and th© repairs to
her machinery and boilers could not be
made. Now she is almost ready for sea.
On her next voyage the Arab will fiy the
Dollar flag.
> Water Front Notes.
H. B. Madison of Madison, Bruce & Sel
lers has just returned from a trip to
Puget Sound. While'in Seattle he estab
lished a branch of the concern. The firm
which Mr. Madison represents is one of
the largest ship chandlery concerns on
the coast.
The barkentine Planter, which arrived
from Port Blakeley yesterday, reports that
on December 7, when off the Columbia
River, a British ship, lead painted, was
spoken while on her beam ends. The con.
eensus of opinion among shipping men is
that the vessel was the Pinmore, which
has since reached Puget Sound In dls.
tress.
The Oceanic Steamship Company's Ala.
meda sails for Honolulu this afternoon.
She has a large passenger list and a full
cargo.
NEWS OF THE OCEAH".
Matter? of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping Merchants.
The British ship Boadicpa la chartered for
wheat at Tacoma for Europe.
The schooner Robert R. Hind will load lum
ber on Puget Sound for Noumea, 47s (id, char
tered prior to arrival. The ship Falls of C'.\iUi
loads merchandise at this pert for llilo. ' .
A Cargo for Australia.
The ship Elwell sailed yesterday for Mel
bourne with cargo valued at $5»,<>H, c.:.list
ing 1 of the following:
800,843 ft lumber, 3330 lbs hops, '&G9- doors.
242 rolls paper; 735 cs canned fruit, 20O0 cs
075 half-bbls salmon.
Wheat Exports.
The British ship Dunearn was cleared Thurs
day for QueenBtown for orders with 60,822 ctis
wheat, valued at $63,100, and 17,000 it lumber
aa dunnage, valued at $280. This shipment
wan published yesterday as the cargo ot the
British ship Pegasus, which was an error.
The Pegasus carried 80,995 ctis of wheat, val
ued at JK5.C11. . •?—-.:'
Steamer Movements.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. From. Due.
Ban Pedro... Humboldt Dec. 14
Maria Nanaimo Dec. 14
Newburg.... Grays Harbor Dec. 14
S. Portland.. Seattle Dec. 15
State of Cal.. San Diego & Way Pts. Dec. 15
Crescent City Crescent City Dec. 16
Edith Seattle Dec 18
Pomona Humboldt Dec. 10
Leelanaw.... N. Y. via Panama Dec. 16
Sonoma Sydney & Way Ports.. Dec' 16
J. S. Kimball Seattle & Tacoma Dec. 16
North Fork.. Humboldt Dec. 17
Coptic China & Japan Dec. 17
Empire Coos Bay Dec. 17
Washtenaw.. Tacoma Dec. 18
Tucapel Valparaiso & Way Ports Dec. 18
Umatilla Puget Sound Ports Dec. 18
Czarina Seattle & Tacoma Dec. 18
Sequoia Grays Harbor Dec. 18
Eureka Humboldt Dec. 18
Progreso..... Seattle ................ Dec. 10
Hyades Seattle Dec. 19
Rival Willapa Harbor Dec. 19
San Juan.... Panama & Way Ports. Dec. 19
Santa Rosa.. San Diego & Way Pta. Dec. 1»
Corona Newport & Way Ports. Dec. 19
Point Arena.. Point Arena Dec. 19
City of Puebl Puget Sound Ports Dec. 23
Nicaria Valparaiso & "Way Pts. Dec. 23
Herodot Hamburg & Way Ports. Deo. 26
Curacao Mexican Ports Dec. 27
Australia Tahiti Dec. 27
Walla Walla. Puget Sound Ports .. Dec 28
San Jose Panama & Way Ports.. Dec 29
Amer. Maru. China 'and Japan....... Dec. —
TO SAIL.
Steamer. Destination. Sails. Pier.
December 14. I '
Rainier. . . . Seattle & N. What. 5 pm Pier 2
Columbia..- Astoria & Portland. 11 am Pier 24
Alliance.... Portland & Coos 11. 10 am Pier 1U
Arcata Coos Bay & Pt. Orf'd 12 m Pier 13
Corona Newport & Way , . . . 9 am Pier 11
Point Arena Point Arena 2 pm Pier 2
Santa Ana. Seattle & Tacoma. . 10 am Pier 2
Alameda... Honolulu 2 pm Pier 7
December 15.
Kureka.... Humboldt Oam Pier 13
Santa Rosa San Diego & Way.. 9 am Pier 11
December 17.
Mandalay.. Coquille River 10 am Pier 2
Walla Wai. Puget Sound Ports.. 11 am Pier 9
December 18.
Pomona.... Humboldt 1:30 p Pier S
Newburg Grays Harbor 5 pm Pier 2
State of Cal San Diego &"Way.. OamPlerll
Acapulco... Panama & Way Pts. 12 m PMSS
December 19.
G. Dollar.. Grays Harbor 5 pm Pier 2
Kmpire.... Coos Bay 9 am Pier 13
Peru China & Japan 1 pm PMSS
December 2O.
North Fork Humboldt 9 am Pier 2
December 21.
Sequoia.... Grays Harbor 6 pm Pier 2
J. Klmball. Seattle & Tacoma... 10 am Pier 2
December 22,
Rival WUlapa Harbor ..:. 5 pm Pier 2
Umatilla... Puget Sound Ports, 11 am Pier 9
December 23.
Leelanaw.. N. Y. via Panama.. 2pm Pier 10
Tucapel.... Valparaiso & Way.. 12 m Pier 10
December 2G.
Sonoma Sydney & Way Pts. 10 am Pier 7
FROM SEATTLE.
■ Steamer. For. Sails.
Kit Thompson Cooks Inlet & Way Pts. Dec. 1C
Cottage City. Skagway & Way Ports. Dec. 1<J
City Seattle.. Skagway & Way Ports. Dec. IS
City of Topek Skagway & Way Ports. Dec. 21
Dlrigo ' Skagway & Way Ports. Dec. 22
Excelsior Cooks Inlet & Way Pts. Dec. 25
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey —
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au-
I thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE — The high and • low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
SATURDAY, DECEMBER 14.
Bun rises 7 rl7
Sun sets ...4:52
Moon sets .' 8:23 p. m.
d Time Time Time Time
g. Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft
ff H W L W II W L W
14 2:31 4.8 6:53 3.2 12:41 0.3 7:42 2
15 3:06 £.9 7:49 ».2 1:31 6.0 8:22 0.1
ltf 3:41 6.0 8:51 2.8 2:31] 4.7 9:0(5 0.5
17 4:21 15.110:03 2.4 3:44 4.3 0:57 1.0
18 5:00 6.3 11:11 2.0 5:00 4.0 10:52 1.4
19 5:41 5.5 12:14 1.3 C:30 3.0 11:49 l.S
20 6:28 . 5.S 1:18 0.0 7:55 4.0
NOTE — In the above! exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column give* the last tide of the
day. except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are in
addition to the Boundings of the United States
Coast Survey charts,. except when a minus ( )
sign precedes the height, and then the number
grlven is subtracted* from the depth given by the
chartB. The plane of reference la the mean of
the lower low waters.
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographic Office, TJ. S. N Mer
chants' Exchange, . San Francisco." Cal
December 13. 1901. : "
The Time Ball on the tower of the Ferry
building was dropped . exactly at noon to-day
i. e., at noon of the 120th meridian or at 8
p. m., Greenwich mean time.
"W. H. STANDLET,
Lieutenant U. S. Navy, in Charge
Shipping Intelligence.
. arrived. ,
„ „. Friday, December" 13.
Stmr Coquille River, Hansen, 18 hours from
Port Bragrg.
Stmr Walla Walla, Hall, 61 hours from Vic
toria and Puget Sound ports.
Stmr Santa Barbara, Zaddart, GS hours fronv
Grays Harbor; bound to San Pedro; put in 'to
land somo soars.
Stmr . Whitesboro. Olsen, 53 hours from Re
dondo.
Stmr Columbia, Doran. CC hours from Port
land, via Astoria 43% hours.
Stmr Homer, Donaldson, 20 hours from Eu
reka.
Stmr Eureka. Jersen. 25 hours from Eureka.
Stmr South Coast, Olsen, 45 hours from San
Pedro.
Bktn Planter, Chase, 14 • days from Port
Blakeley. . .
Bktn Addenda, Perry, 10 days from Knapp
ton. -'j
Russ bktn Bering, Bltte, 28 day« from Petro
paulovskl.
Schr Gotama, Olsen, 6 days from Coos Bay.
Schr Wempe Bros, Aspe, 7 days from Grays
Harbor.
. Schr Nettie Sundborsr, Larsen, 6 days from
Coquille River.
Schr Robert R Hind, Ericksen, 11% days
from Port Gamble.
CLEARED.
. Friday, December 13.
Stmr Corona. Gielow. San Pedro: Goodall.
Perkins & Co.
Stmr Pomona, Shea, Eureka; Goodall, Per
kins & Co.
Stmr Rainier, Hansen, Seattle; Pollard SS
Co.
Stmr Santa. Rosa, Alexander, San Diego;
Goodall, Perkins & Co.
Stmr Pleiades, Smith, Victoria, for orders;
C T Bowring & Co. >
Ship Elwell, Ellis, Melbourne; J J Moore
& Co.
Ship Santa Clara, Llndberjr, Ladysmlth;
Alaska Packers' Association.
SAILED.
Friday, December 13.
Stmr Fulton, Levlnson, Portland.
Stmr Pomona, Shea, Eureka.
Stmr Gipsy, Leland, Santa Cruz.
Stmr Santa Barbara, Zaddart, San Pedro.
Stmr Whitesboro, Olsen, .
Stmr Pleiades, Smith, Victoria.
Stmr Rainier. Hansen. Seattle.
Ship Elwell, Ellis, Melbourne.
Ship Invincible, McKenzie, Port Blakeley.
Bktn Tarn o" Shanter, Slmmie, Port Had
lock.
■ Brig "W G Irwin. Garthley, Roche Harbor.
Schr Minnie A Caine, Olsen, Chemainus.
Schr Mayflower, Goodmanson, Coquille River.
MISCELLANEOUS.
Bktn Gleaner Dec 13, off Meiggs wharf,
dragged her anchor and fouled bktn Tarn o'
Shanter.« They were cleared by tug Sea Prince;
no damage. . -
MEMORANDUM.
Per bktn Plantei" — Deo 7. off Columbia River,
saw a Br ship, painted lead color and loaded,
on her beam ends.
Per schr Nettie Sundbore — Dec 7, off Cooa
Bay, lost 15,000 feet lumber in a heavy SE
gale, i
Per bktn Addenda, from Knappton, Dec 13 —
On Dec 3 and A had succession of heavy SE
gales, shifting cargo to starboard and flood
ing cabins with water.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, Deo 13, 10 p m— Weather
clear; wind south, velocity 6 miles.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
TACOMA — Sailed Dec 13 — Stmr Czarina, for
San Francisco.
Passed in Dec 13 — Br stmr Oceano, from
Mororan; Br stmr Sal ford I a, from Mororan;
Nor stmr Guernsey, from Astoria, for Puget
Sound.
SEATTLE — Arrived Deo 13 — Stmr Chaa Nel
son, from Skagway.
■ Sailed Dec 12 — Stmr Edith, for San Fran
cisco.
Arrived Dec 13 — Stmr ProKreso, hence Dec
9: etmr Coronado, from Kverett; Nor stmr
Guernsey, from Astoria.
Sailed Dec 13 — Stmr John S Klmball. for
San Francisco: stmr Dolphin, for Skagway.
EUREKA — Sailed Dec 13 — Stmr Ukrae. for
San Francisco: schr Azalea, for San Pedro;
bktn Geo C Perkins, for Honolulu.
ASTORIA— Arrived Dec 13— Br ship Falk
landbank. from Santa Rosalia: Br ship Ilala,
from Port Natal; Br stmr Knight Companion,
from Hongkong; stmr Acme, hence Dec 9.
Sailed Dec 13 — Br ship Travancore and Fr
bark Louis Pasteur, for Queenstown.
NEAH BAY — Passed in Dec 13 — Stmr Elihu
Thomson, from Valdez, for Seattle: ship Kenil
worth, from Sourabaya, for Puget Sound.
Passed out Dec 13 — U S stmr Manzanita.
• SAN DIEGO — Arrived Dec 13 — Stmr Meteor,
from Eureka. .
PORT LUDLOW— Arrived Dec 13— Schr
Mary and Ida. from Takutat.
FAIRHAVEN— Sailed Deo 13— Stmr Robert
IN HIGH FAVOR
. The ripening of fine fruits
brings to pertection their juicy
, flavor and food element. -
The Ihourough AGING of
Hunter
, V (The Purest Rye Product)
develops its'
Rich i Nutrient Qoality
-and makes it the
most perfect whiskey.
CHRISTY & "WISE COMMISSION CO..
. Inc.. 223-225 California St.. San
Francisco. Cal.
Telephone . Main 873. '
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALWAYS ASK FOR
WAITER BAKERS
COCOAMHOCOliATE
• LOOK AT THE bABELS •
flfiCTigfl^uj'^t.tii^^r^j^^ ' I F^ '■iff 'Jf^ 9 & -fc * ffcy™- I ■
PURE-DELICIOUSNUTRITIOUS
ESTABLISHED \7QO
WALTER BAKER & CO. Limited.
'-w* DORCHESTER, MASS. *<■»•
THREE COLD MEDALS PAN-AMERICAN EXPOSITION
Dollar, for San Pedro.
BOWENS LANDING— Sailed Dec 13— Stmr
Ruth, for San Pedro; stmr Scotia, for San
Francisco. ■
TILLAMOOK— Sailed Deo 12— Stmr "W H
Kruger, for San Pedro.
COOS BAT — Sailed Dec 13 — Stmr Brunswick,
for San Francisco, with stmr Marshfleld in
tow, for San Francisco.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Dec 13— Stmr Aber
deen, from Eureka; schr Occidental, from Eu
reka; stmr "Westport, from Eureka.
Sailed Dec 13 — Schr Ludlow, for Port Town
send.
FORT BRAGG— Sailed Dec 13— Stmr Na
tional City, for San Francisco.
CASPAR— Sailed Dec 13— Stmn Samoa and
San Pedro, for San Francisco.
FOREIGN PORTS.
NANAIMO — Arrived Deo 12 — Nor stmr Tlta
nla, from Port Los Angeles.
YOKOHAMA — Arrived Dec 12 — Br stmr
Teenkal, from Seattle.
Sailed Dec 3— Br stmr Tosa Maru. far Se-
NEWCASTLE, ,Aus— Sailed Dec 13— Br ship
Agne3 Oswald, for Portland.
CARDIFF — Arrived Deo 12 — Br ship Lyder
horn, from Tacoma.
GUAYAQUIL— Arrived Nov 20— Ger stmr
Nicaria, from Hamburg, for San Francisco.
KINGS ROAD— Arrived Deo 11— Br ship Py
thomene, hence July 11. „,
CALLAO — Sailed Dec 11 — Br ship Glenafton,
for Fraser River. .
SINGAPORE: — Arrived. Dec 13 — Nor rtmr
Mathilda, from Norfolk. Va.
PASSAROUANG— Sailed Dec 11— Dutch stmr
Follmina, for "Vancouver.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Arrived Dec 13— Stmr Cas
sell, from Bremsn.
GLASGOW — Sailed Dec 12^ — Stmr Furnessia.
for New York. • ...
LIVERPOOL— Arrived Dec 13— Stmr Numl
dlan, from St. John, N B.
Sailed Dec 13— Stmr Dominion, for Port
land; stmr Parisian, for Halifax.
ANTWERP — Arrived Deo 13^ — Stmr Zeeland,
from New York.
TKOUBLES OF BIG DRUG
FIRM AIRED IN COTTRT
Manager of Wakelee & Co. Claims
He "Was Threatened by His
Assistant.
The trial of the suit of C. W. Randall
and others against Walter M. Willett
commenced in Judge Seawell's court yes
terday. The plaintiff seeks , an order of
court restraining "Willett from attachins
the business of. Wakelee & Co., the whole-
Bale druggists, and to set aside an agree
ment which Randall claims Willett forced
him to sign by threatening him, with ar
rest on a charge of embezzlement.
Randall, his wife and daughter own a
controlling interest in the drug company.
They borrowed $16,000 from Willett and
his wife on a note which will not become
due for live years. In consideration of
the loan Willed was taken into the firm,
and given the position of assistant man
ager at a salary of $200 per month. Ran
dall Is manager of the liipn, and in the
affidavit he riled yesterday he says he
could not get along with his assistant.
Under an agreement made at the time
the loan was secured Randall was to
draw certain sums from the business,
and one-half of the money so drawn was
to be paid to Willett. Willett says Ran
dall consented a short time after the
agreement went into effect to allow him
(Willett) to keep all of the moneys
drawn.
According to the affidavit, Willett want
ed to run the business, and when he
found that he could not he threatened to
force the Randalls to pay him the amount
of the loan, and also threatened to have
him- arrested on a charge of embezzle
ment, claiming that he was guilty of that
crime when he drew funds from the busi
ness.
Randall claims that Willett forced him
to sign a contract agreeing to the pay
ment of a certain sum by threatening him
with attachment proceedings and arrest.
He supports his claim by affidavits made
by his wife and daughter. In which they
state that they were also forced by Wil
lett to sign the document.
Randall submitted affidavits yesterday
from various prominent business men and
lawyers certifying to his honesty and
business abilities, and also a statement
of the assets and liabilities of the firm,
which, he claims, he has. managed for the
last twenty years. .
Biagini Family in Court.
Mrs. C. Florindo, grandmother of Laur
lndo Biagini, appeared in Department No.
9 of the Superior Court yesterday to sup
port her petition for letters of guardian
ship over the girl. The petition Is op
posed by Zaffiro Biagini, the father of the
child. A week ago Biagini attempted to
secure possession of the child by habeas
corpus proceedings, but his petition was
denied by Judge Seawell. Mrs. Plorlndo
contends that the father Is not a fit per
son to have the custody of the child. The
hearing of the case was continued for
one week.
Ex-Soldier Clark Asphyxiated.
Thomas W. Clark, a discharged soldier
of Company L, Twenty-second Infantry,
U. S. A., was found . asphyxiated in hla
bed at 765 Market street yesterday morn-
Ing. The gas was turned fully on and
the room was filled with the deadly
fumes. It is believed he accidentally
turned on the gas, for he had bought his
ticket for the East. He recently arrived
from the Philippines and waa on his way
to his home In Kentucky. Clark was
only 22 years of age.
Postage 'on Christmas Edition.
The great Christmas edition of The
Call, issued December 15, 1901, con
tains 70 pages and will weigh if
ounces. The rates of postage on this
edition will be as follows:
Domestic 5 cents
Foreign ...9 cents
Solomon Case Argued.
The case of Max Solomon, alias Otto
Nathan, charged with conducting a lot
tery, was argued before Judge Mogan
yesterday. The Judge reserved his de
cision till this morning.
Mail a copy of the great Christmas
Call to your friends in the East and
foreign lands. .;. .
NOTICE TO_PATRONS.
Owing: to the large size of The
Call's 'Christmas Edition to be issued
Sunday, December 15, and the great
volume of extra advertising already
received, no advertisements of any
description will "be accepted for pub-
lication in tliat issue after 0:30
p. m. Saturday. The Christmas
Call will be the largest, finest and
most elaborately illustrated holiday
edition, published on the Pacific Slope.
Send a copy to your Eastern friends.
Keady for mailing 5 cents per copy.
Thief Scored by Judge.
Samuel Harris, a habitue of the "ten
derloin," was convicted by Judge Ca
baniss yesterday on the charge of petty
larceny and sentenced to five months in
the County Jail. The Judge scored Har
ris mercilessly. Theodore Scheld. a dis
charged soldier, had taken a room. In &
lodging house on Fifth street, near Mis
sion, and during the night Harris kicked
in a panel of the door of his room and
stole his blouse, which contained his dis
charge papers. He evidently expected
that the soldier's coin was also In the
pocket of the blouse. A charge of mali
cious mischief against him was dismissed.
Knowles Indicted for Check Stealing.
The United States Grand Jury returned
an Indictment yesterday against Edwin
I* Knowles for having stolen two checks,
one In favor of Everette E. Prince of the
Second United States Infantry far $145
and one for $100 In favor of Edward W.
Davis, sergeant In Company M, Second
Regiment. United States Infantry.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
. — _■ ...„ — ..^ , ,. - 1 — ....^■^... --.—
o ■ . o
Pacific Gas
Improvement Co.
Will Remove
December 16th
~T0 ITS —
New Building,
'No, 455 Sutter St.
Its mains extend
from the Ferries to
the Cliff House.
Gas stoves and ac-
pliances for sale. Call
or send for the looklet
onaasand its uses.
Turn on the Light
of investigation Into our laundry methods
and work and you'll find our telephone al- .
ways at hand to answer your call. We
know the result of the investigation, hence
make your ordering easy. Prompt deliv-
ery of perfect work only. No saw edges.
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
, Office 1OO4- Market Street.
Telephone— South 42O,
Oakland Off lea— 54 San Pablo Ave.
MISSION ST.,
Next. to Fourth St.,
26x160 FEET TO JESSIE STREET AND 50
FEET IN REAR.
$31,000,
THOS. MAGEE & SONS,
5 Montgomery St.
78
ADVERTISEMENTS.
•cfTKiwrr <m nr tnc moctu * untie co. ctNCikMTi
AS TO CLOTHING.
{SjEftHERE is an epitaph in a Vermont church-
iJcPffei yard: " I expected this but not so soon/'
&&§*- : - S" 0 * 1 is. the epitaph on clothing worn out
kffffifol in the wash-tub. Underclothing may be
fragile, yet it _ ought not to wear out in ten weeks.
But this isn't wear; it is decay. You buy 5 cents
worth of cheap soap and you lose the equivalent of
50 cents in the wash-tub. Ivory Soap will not harria
the most delicate fabric Is it* wise hot .to use it?
IVORY SOAP IS 99*>lJ. PER CENT. PURE.
FIRST SYMPHONY
CONCERT PLEASES
Paul Steindorff Wins
New Laurels as a
Leader.
The first concert of the San Francisco
Eymphony Society, given yesterday after
noon at the Grand Opera-house, must be
voted a genuine success. The compara
tively large house that greeted the new
leader and his men shows a highly en
couraging interest in the society, and the
work done yesterday afternoon by the con
ductor and the orchestra more than jus
tifies all, the interest shown. It Is not
quite the kind of thing that was expected
from Mr. Steindorff as a leader, but it is
something just as good and perhaps safer.
He surprised even his best friends yester
day afternoon by the general excellence
of the work done under his baton as well
as by its unexpected conservatism, and it
was found lacking only in those qualities
that time alone can furnish.
Mr. Steindorff has a particularly good
orchestra at his eommand, strong In the
strings and well balanced throughout,
though through the exigencies of the
Grand Opera-house stage accommodations
the wood wind loses its weight and the
whole tone of the orchestra is slightly
thinned and deadened. But practically all
of the best orchestral material In town »s
to be found in -the orchestra, though there
are still a few names that should not be
among the missing. Yesterday's work in
Its solid grip, balance, precision and sin
cerity amply proves that the orchestra
has "found a fitting leader In Mr. Stein
dorff. It Is a less spirited leadership
than had been looked for. from the enthu
siastic conductor of the Tivoll. but that
the spirit is there Mr. Stelndorff's efforts
during the Tivoli grand opera season wit
ness to full satisfaction, and' that he has
thought fit to sacrifice the easier enthu
siasm for a more classic correctness at
the outset of his gymphony career prom
ises well, Indeed, for his future work in
the society.
The programme of yesterday was a
modest one — rather a lightweight pro
gramme, in fact, and perhaps Insufficient
ly varied in character. • The "Academic
Overture" of Brahms came first, with Its
ingeniously interwoven student melodies,
rhvthmlc fun, noble harmonies and large,
joyful spirit, well . interpreted by the or
chestra, though on -the whole it was tech
nically the least satisfying number on the
programme. There was admirable work
done in the Raff symphony "Im Walde,"
that followed, delicate, well poised, finely
balanced work, that showed Mr. Stein
dorff in his newer light to befet advantage.
The *'Largo Traumerei," with Its muted
string accompaniment and lovely echoing
flute and oboe melodies, was ! charmingly
given, and the dainty scherzo was also
given with elegance and spirit. One felt
a lack of climax in the heavy finale, but
it wag an excellent reading on the whole
and most promising. Two light numbers
of Moszkowsky's warmed the house up to
encore point, and the Spanish dance was
repeated to its evident enjoyment. The
pretty, abrupt ' Volkmann • serenade, for
strings, came next, and the Slavic -color
and brassy richness of Liszt's "Rakocsky
March" closed the enjoyable programme.
Considering the refrigerator-like atmos
phere of the Grand Opera-house — like
every other symphony concert-house, . by
the way — the audience was an enthusias
tic one, . though on the whole it would
have been better satisfied with heavier
fare. It wijl get that at the next concert,
on January 10, when the following pro
gramme will be given: Overture, "Uebor
Zwel Thueringische Volkslleder" (first
time), Lassen; symphony No. 5:; C minor,
L. von Beethoven; scherzo, "Midsummer
Xight's Dream," Mendelssohn; prelude
from "Die Meisterslnger." Wagner;
"Rouet d'Omphale," symphonic poem,
Saint-Saens. " • -
Meantime there - is everything to be
hoped from the new band and its leader.
ONE MTLLION DOLLABS
rOB A MILLING PLANT
Eastern Capitalists Beady to Invest
That Much Money in a Local
•iV'kCi Enterprise.
Eastern capitalists now in this city will
soon invest a million dollars in a new
milling enterprise. They have made a
careful' examination of the seawall dis
trict and it is their intention to. erect the
mill where both water and rail facilities
raav be obtained.
The manufacture of rolled oats will be
the purpose of this new enterprise It
is rumored that an enterprising local
miller is also interested in the venture. ,
Bead a Paper on Bugs.
The California State Floral Society met
yesterday at 223 Sutter street Emory E.
Smith occupied the chair and Mrs. Henry
P. Trlcou acted as secretary.
A paper written by Alexander Craw on
the subject, "Bugs to Be Encountered in
Kloriculture," was ' read. Craw is a rec
ognized authority on that subject, and
his remarks were attentively Listened to.
Jt was decided to incorporate his sug
gestions in the form of a circular and to
send the same to all persdns interested
!n floriculture.
Poems were read by Mrs. J. R. Martin,
Mrs. A. W. Maslln and Miss A. G.'Cat
lin. Stveral fine specimens of the golden
poppy were displayed. A social followed
the transaction of the business of the
meeting. ~\-',^
Hail a copy of the great Christmas
Call to your friends in the East and
foreign lands. - . • . •■>
PHILOLOGY WILL
BE THEIR STUDY
Educators to Speak at
Mark Hopkins In
stitute.
The third annual meeting of the Philo
logical Association of the Pacific Coast
is to be held- at. the. Mark Hopkins Insti
tute of Art. The opening session will
begin on Thursday, December 26. Several
members of the Stanford faculty will
speak before thc association.
On Thursday at the afternoon session
Professor O. M. Johnston of the depart
ment of Romanic languages will speak on
"The Fountain Episode in Chrestien de
Troies' Yvain.V ... and Professor E. M.
Pease, head of the Latin department, on
the subject, "The Significance of the Dif
ferent Forms of Address in the Latin
Vocative." In the evening Ewald Flugel,
professor of English philology, will de
liver the annual address as president on
"The History of English Pnilology and
Its Problems." -
On Friday H. R. Fairclough, professor
of classical literature, will lecture on
"Homeric Song and the Mode of Rhapso
dizing"; Professor J. E. Matzke of Ro
manic languages on "The Anglo-Norman
Poet, fciimund de Frelne"; Professor C.
Searies of the Romanic languages depart
ment on the subject, . "La Moglie lnvo
lata, Orl. Inn. 1—22," and Instructor E.
H. Putnam of the English department
on "The Middle English Origin of 'Many
a Man' and Similar Phrases."
During the morning session on Satur
day, December 28, Dr. B. O. Foster of the
Latin department will deliver an address
on "Nicander and * Virgil" ; Prof essor E.
P. Anderson of the department of Eng
lish philology one on -the subject, "Some
Notes- on Chaucer's Treatment of the
Somnium Sciplonis," and Professor Julius
Goebel of German literature and philol
ogy will speak on "Faust as a Document
of Goethe's Inner Life." Professor E.
Flugel, president of the 'association, will
deliver the final address of the morning
session on "The History of the 'Word
•Religio' in the Middle Ages." ■
Other papers on important philological
subjects will be delivered during the con
vention by President Benjamin Ide
Wheeler of the University of California,
by Professors E. B. Clapp, A F Lange
CM. Gayley, H. . W. Prescott, ' H. k!
Shilling, . L. J. Richardson. John Fryer
J. T. Allen, H. C. Nutting, M. L. Mar
golis and C. B. Bradley of the University
of California, and by Professors F. Q G
Schmidt and F. S. Dunn of the Uriiver
sity £ f , Ore S° n and F. M. Paddleford of
the University of Washington. Charles
•«i K £ yes -? f J h e University of California
and President H. T. Archibald of Occi
dental College will also address the meet
ings. • . • ■ .
Three prominent members of the Stan-
S'um £ a £, ulty ? re at P^sent. officers of the
.Philological Association, Professor Flueel
being president. Professor Pease vice
president and Professor Matzke secre
tary. .The meeting of the. association will
bring together a large number of the
most prominent educational men on » the
coast.
PICTURES and stories
"* for the young and the
old! Poetry and prose! Ser-
mons, from the pensirf em-
inent California divines! A
new game that you can cut
out of : the paper,- paste on
cardboard and. play during
the long winter' evenings!
All of these and. much more
in next Sunday's Call-— the
great Christmas edition.
FAVOBS ACQUISITION *. \ ■ , : ;
OF PUBLIC UTILITIES
Iroquois Club Intends to Co-Operate
With Union Labor Party to
That End. .
The Iroquois Club at its meeting last
night instructed the secretary to send a
communication to the Union Labor party,
Inviting it to appoint a committee to meet
with an Iroquois Club committee to de
vise plans for the municipal acquisition of
certain public - utilities/ particularly the
Geary-street railroad. -., v -.
Stephen V. Costello discussed the power
of the Mayor' to remove, appointive offi
cers whose terms are fixed by the char
ter. He quoted many decisions" holding
that removal .can be made for cause only
The following new officers were elected:
J. B: Keenan, president; first .vice presi
nt i I J -x9;. Gorman: sec °hd vice president,
W. H.. Kline; recording secretary, E R
Zlcn; corresponding secretary, H.*L. Bien
field; financial, secretary, August Pratt*
treasurer, .W. A. Asmussen; trustees— W*
J. Bryan. L. Metzger, Charles Gildea . C.
w.*j. Eo'cke".' L - ' v ; : Merle ' a; Leaf and
; Popper preferred charges against
Captain George H. Krimphoff, a. member
of .the club,' for acting as a delegate to
the recent Union Labor party convention.
; . De Longpre's Flower Paintings. '
Exhibition . will continue till Saturday at
Kennedy. & Rabjohn's, 21 Post street.
Open evenings •..■',.> " ■ •
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY. DECEMBER^ 14, 1901.
LITIGATION MAY
FOLLOW RULING
Par-Reaching Effect of
Decision Regarding
Insanity Law.
Bondgnien of Treasurer and
Auditor Thought to
Be Liable.
The decision of the Supreme Court in
the Lambert case, filed a few days ago,
may prove a bombshell to various Supe
rior Judges and city officials and result in
suits against the bondsmen of the Auditor
and Treasurer for the recovery of some
$25,000 paid out of the city treasury for
the examination.' and commitment of in
eane persons since 1897.
Under the decision all persons who were
committed to asylums for the insane may
secure their release on habeas corpus, it
having, been held by the court that th»
statute under which they were committed
was unconstitutional and therefore void.
Auditor Wells has been notified that ha
will hereafter audit claims of the Com
missioners of Lunacy at his own risk, and
he is now investigating the matter.
Should he find that he or his bondsmen
are liable under the law. for the expendi
ture of money in this respect he will re
fuse to audit the said claims, which ag
gregate sums varying bet-ween $300 and
$600 each month.
The attention of the Attorney General
has been called to the situation resulting
from the decision in the Lambert case,
and as he is the proper official to see that
the rights of the people of the State are
properly guarded he may take steps to re
cover the money which has been paid
without warrant of law under the act now
declared to be unconstitutional. ; .
Improperly Restrained of Liberty.
The Lambert case, which is responsible
for the trouble and litigation wheih seems
inevitable, was an appeal from the Supe
rior Court of Napa County. W. H. Lam
bert alleged that he was improperly re
strained of his liberty by A. M. Gardner.
Lambert was an inmate of the asylum at
Napa, and he applied for a writ of habeas
corpus on his commitment to that institu
tion by Judge A. J. Buckles, of Solano on
November 9, 1S98. He alleged in his own
behalf that the act of March 31, 1S97
(Statutes of 1897, page 311), known as the
insanity law, under which the proceedings
for his commitment were had, was uncon
stitutional, in that he was thereby ■ de
prived of his liberty without due process
of law; that the proceedings thereunder
■were insufficient to authorize his commit
ment, and that upon the application
therefor the Judge of the Superior Court
had no jurisdiction or authority to make
that order, and that the said order, to
gether with the documents accompanying
the same, did not justify his detention or
confinement.
Law Declared Invalid.
The Supreme Court analyzed the law of
1897, which provided for the organiza
tion of a State Commission in Lunacy
and denned its powers. Under this law
an accused person was arrested without
notice, and after a purely ex parte ex
amination—by a commissioner acting un
der the authority of court was either
committed or released in accordance with
the evidence adduced. The court, in hold
ing this procedure to be contrary to the
provisions of the constitution, which
guarantee liberty to all citizens accord
ing to prescribed formulas, went on to
say:
An order for the commitment of a person
to an insane hospital Is essentially a judg
ment by which he is deprived of his liberty,
and it Is a cardinal principle in English juris
prudence that before any Judgment can be
pronounced against a person there must> have
been a trial of the Issue upon which the judg
ment is given. * . • » •Tne constitutional
guaranty that he shall not be deprived of his
liberty without due process ,of law is violated
whenever such Judgment is 'had without giv
ing him an opportunity to be heard in defense
of the charge, and upon such hearing to oiler
evidence in support of his defense. If his
right to a hearing depends upon the will or
caprice of others, or upon the discretion or
will of the Judge who is to make a decision
upon the issue, he is not protected in his con
stitutional rights. (Underwood vs. People, 32
Mich. 1.) To say that, if he Is In fact Insane,
therefore any notice to him would be vain, is
to bsg the very question whose determination
underlies the right of the State to deprive him
of his liberty. The fact of his insanity is to
be determined before his right to his liberty
can be violated. If that question is determined
against him without any notice or opportunity
to be heard, or to introduce evidence in his
behalf, and under such determination he Is
confined In the hospital, his constitutional
guaranty is violated. - , . .
Under the foregoing considerations it must
be held that the insanity law of 1807, to the
extent that it authorizes the confinement of
a person in an insane asylum without giving
him notice and an opportunity to be heard
upon the charge against' him, is unconsti
tutional, and that the proceedings by. virtue
of which the petitioner is held by the respond
ent are invalid.
It is ordered that the petitioner be released
from the asylum.
Effect of the Decision.
The effect of the decision will be to
place all persons who have been commit
ted to the various asylums for the insane
in the State since 1897 in a position to
successfully apply for -writs of habeas
corpus. In this city alone the commit
ments numbered from twenty-live to one
hundred people a month. Other counties
of, the State have sent a proportional
number to the asylums at Napa, Stock
ton, Ukiah and Agnews. Of course the
decision applies to only such persons now
confined in the asylums whose liberty
would not be a menace to the lives and
welfare of others. In cases of insane
persons with homicidal manias, whoso
liberty . would be fruitful of harm, the
court might order their temporary deten
tion until the Legislature could enact a
law not in conflict with the constitutional
rights of citizens or. until ■ a legal com
mission in lunacy might be convened.
The spirit cf the decision quoted is to
give every man charged with being insane
the right of trial by jury and the addi
tional right to offer testimony in his own
defense. . It is because of the lack ,of
these requirements that the law of 1897
has been declared unconstitutional. The
law did not provide the proper machinery
for depriving insane people of their lib
erty, and in the eyes of the law an ex
parte examination by which any one is
deprived of his constitutional rights Is of
no effect.
Under the act of 1897- there have been
four .physicfcinsy appointed by the Supe
rior Judges, who served alternately each
month as Commissioners of • Lunacy
in this city. .The fee in each case exam
ined, whether the accused is committed
or not. is $5 for each physician. : The'
Commissioners are usually employed -' an 1
hour each day < and their compensation
rarely averages less "than $150 a month.'
Their demands are presented to the Su
pervisors, and after being passed upon
by the Finance Committee are sent to
the Auditor. They are then audited and
paid by the Treasurer, v
I It Is quite likely that until his personal
liability .is. determined In the premises
the Auditor will audit no more demands
of the Commission of Lunacy. < The out
cqme of the tangle will be watched with
interest by the attorneys and public gen
erally. • v_ ., . ;
i : NOTICE TO PATRONS.
; Owing to the large size of The
Call's Christinas Edition, to be issued
Sunday, December 15, and the great
volume of extra advertising already
ieceived, no advertisements of any
description will be accepted for pub-
lication in that issue after \ '9:30
p, m. Saturday. The" Christmas
Call will be the largest, finest and
inost elaborately illustrated holiday
edition published on the Pacific Slope.
Send a copy to your Eastern friends.
Ready for mailing 5 cents per copy.
Native Daughters Will Dance.
"La Vespera Parlor, Native daughters of
the Golden -West, located- in-, South • Sari
Francisco,' will give a grand ball in South
San Francisco Opera-house, corner of
Railroad and Fifteenth avenues, to-night.
The affair promises to be one of, the finest
social events ever given by the parlor.
ADVERTISEMENTS. _^_ ~
I I "When you ibuy/ 'a package of! 1 1
1 1 Cigareites |, 1 1
I S y oUv w fll ti&v& z ih® Bestrralu© la 1 I
li TurKislvi tobacci^^tliat^yoTUL^ haoc® 1 I
I r 1 I
I I made, emd at I0o* for JIL J
I I ; 5.;ANARX5YItCM5i I I
FIGHT AGAINST
LOWER DUTIES
Members of Chamber of
Commerce File a
Protest.
A special meeting of the board of trus
tees of the Chamber of Commerce was
held yesterday afternoon to act upon the
report of the committee on foreign com
merce and revenue laws, to which the
matter of trade relations between the
United States and Cuba had been re
ferred. President George A. Newhall pre
sided. The board authorized the president
to sign a petition to the California J dele
gation in Congress to use its best efforts
to induce Congress to maintain the coast
wise shipping laws between the United
States and the Philippine Islands, which
provide that all trade between the islands
and the United States shall be in vessels
carrying the American flag. It was also
decided that ,the president should tele
graph William M. Bunker, the permanent
representative of the Chamber of Com
merce in Washington, to confer with the.
California delegates in an endeavor to
have the present duties on rope and man
ufactured cigars coming into this country
from the Philippine Islands maintained.
The board indorsed the resolutions of the
National Rivers and Harbors - Congress
which will be presented to Congress by a
committee of twenty-two, composed of
delegates from each State represented at
the Harbor Congress in Baltimore, the
object of the resolutions being to impress
upon the National Congress the urgent
necessity of providing ample funds In the
rivers and harbors bill for the proper im
provement of rivers and waterways.
The following resolution adopted by the
board was telegraphed to Mr. Bunker at
Washington at the conclusion of the
meeting, with a request that a copy be
given to each member of the California
delegation: '• " ' ■
Whereas, Strenuous efforts are now being:
made for the establishment of reciprocal trade
relations between the United States and Cuba;
and whereas, such trade relations would seri
ously injure the agricultural and horticultural
industries of . California and ■ other States;
therefore be it •
Resolved, That the Chamber of Commerce of
San Franciaco hereby earnestly protests against
I x-^^kT Women's Irregular Menses |
Wl I "^ KT^™^Bfl!^^M\liil * h*™ always suffered with terrible pains at my monthly periods. These last three months l'havo Ht« rrf
it j[ m ihttt bottIcs of '^ ine of C*^" 1 and thtee packages of Thedford's Black-Draught, according to your inSS? M
W* ** /^?IM tioos, and now have no pains at all. As 1 have always suffered before, all during the time I can safelv«* 1kb
fit /4&iik\^"V^^L: /\1 the medicines have done me much good. I consider your Thedfotd's Black-Draught a fine remedy I think M
: 5&^ ; i«-» your medicines stand at the head of all others in regulating the monthly periods. SOPHIA LOTTMAN l-*l
H L /%?/ I Im HJ. Regular habits are the foundation of a woman's health. She courts disastrous sickness and even pi!
H X^s^jT fflM I \V/ff m death ltsclft When ShC aII ° WS hCfSeIf *° keef> VCry IatC h ° UrS ' !t b unnatural for anyone to spend sleep- If
H vC^mV W // W/j B IeM nlghb and dr ° WSy * fretful dayS " ™ rf . ra ' n ?W^ at the vM ""*" of w °n»nh©od, the nervoui It
m. nV^^K^YX^^II fflr S s > rs * em ' an *' texv^&A menstruation, with all its appalling suffering, b the result li
i A^^^ti^^W M Wi!1 fC5ulate thC menStrUal n ° W " M mAtS Str ° ng nerVM * Mrs * Lottman suffer ed because her menses ffl
m \XjB were irregular, and Wine of Cardui cured her of a very severe illness. A woman who b careful to H
By B Wj n e of Cardui to correct irregularities need never know thc suffering so many of her sisters S
H /vT *^*n. If endure * Wlne ot Gardul has ".re* M>00,000 sufferers, many worse cases than Mrs. Lottman's. Don't B
li- / -'• ■.l\-."?^^j^ ffl\
w J 1 V
LOCATES WRECK
OF SAN RAFAEL
Captain Rogers Fastens
Drag on Sunken
Ferryboat. .
The wreck of the San Rafael has been
located and lost again several times. Now
Captain H. J. Rogers and his assistants
are certain they have the reniains of the
vessel for good. Yesterday they were out
on two of Crowley's launches and after
drifting for an hour the drag held. Then
the assistance of the Spreckels tug Relief
was called in and the remains of the ill
fated vessel were finally located. Regard
ing the belief that the wreck has been lo
cated Captain Silovich of the tug Relief
said:
I am certain we have located the remains of
the San Rafael. Our drag anchor held and the
nukes and chain are marked with white and
green paint. We were almost in a straight Hue
from the Alcatraz light to the gas works and
the hull lies In twenty fathoms of water.
There is fourteen fathoms over her, but on
each side of her there i3 a rail of about thirty
feet. She could not have drifted more than
a quarter of a mile after she collided with tbe
Sausalito before she went down.
Judging from our soundings she must be
lying on her side. I am sure they, have lo
cated her but whether the hull will ever be of
any use even if it is recovered I don't know.
The machinery is the best of its kind and is
well worth saving. .
Divers will /go down to-day and make sure,
but to my mind there Is no doubt that
they have the wreck. If it Is in the position
we think -then both the captains were wrong
in their calculations. .
any reduction -oi me auues now iij ii>rce ou
importations from Cuba, which provide pro
tection to the .agricultural and horticultural
products of California, such as sugar, citrus
fruits, etc. ; and further
Resolved, That we hereby respectfully re
quest the California delegation In Congress to
oppose any " action which would lead to a re
duction . of these duties.
The Manufacturers' and Producers' As
sociation took action yesterday afternoon
In accord with the Chamber of Com
merce. The resolutions adopted by the
Rivers and Harbors Convention last Octo
ber, calling for a definite plan for the im
provement of rivers and harbors, were
Indorsed. h';'V:?-^': ■ -
MYSTERY RULES
COPPER MARKET
London Speculators Un
able to Fathom the
Affair.
LONDON, Dec. 13.— The directors of the
Rio Tintos Company have been meeting
here dally, though quite informally, since
the copper crisis became acute. It was
officially stated after to-day's meeting
that whatever settlement may be arrived
at now lies entirely with the Amalga
mated Copper Company. The Rio Tintos
Company has made all the propositions
which it intends to make, but so far has
received no indication of the action the
Amalgamated Copper Company proposes
to take. A feeling prevails that the con
ditions will not be altered at present.
The Pall Mall Gazette says that if Rock
efeller has really thrown down the gaunt
let to the Rothscnllds, which the paper
thinks improbable, there can be little
doubt of the Rothschilds' victory. .The
paper adds:
"The Rio Tintos Company is in a posi
tion to regard with equanamity a further
drop of 20 shillings per ton, but -not so
the Standard Oil Company, which has to
consider the possibility of a general
smash of the American market."
Rio Tintos fell three-eighths at the
opening to-day, but subsequently regained
this and slightly improved on last night's
price. The copper market is still gov
erned by jnysterious influences, the gene
sis of which even the dealers are unable
to understand. It is gaid to be remarka
ble that, in spite of the selling pressure,
coupled with the gloomy reports from.
New York, the price of the standard
grade has only shrunk three shillings per
ton. The first change in the price to-day
was when 1200 tons were soM at £52 for
all dates up to February 28, and at £51 6a
for the three months. The heaviest sell
ing was from a fresh quarter. It excited
curiosity, but no explanation was forth
coming. . *•■-;.
It is believed in many quarters that the
most important London houses consider
the present prices to be justified by the
great expansion ' and consumption of re
cent years, and thatj consequently, they
are willing to lay in considerable stock3
WOMAN GOES
TO A PRISON
Companion of a Sus
pected Train Robber
Is Sentenced.
ST. LOUIS, Dec. 13.— Laura Bullion, tha
female companion of Benjamin Kilpac
rick, the Montana train robber suspect,
who was yesterday convicted of having
in his possession forged national bank
notes, was to-day sentenced by United
States District Judge Adams to five years'
imprisonment In the Federal prison at
Leaven worth, Kans. Kilpatrick yester
day received a sentence of fifteen years'
imprisonment at Jefferson City.
F. D. Elliott, representing the Great
Northern Railroad, called at the Four
Courts and announced that one-third of
the $5000 offered by his company would be
awarded the six detectives who arrested
Kilpatrick, one of the alleged Great
Northefh train robbers. Twenty per cent
of this will go to the Police Relief Asso
ciation. This will leave a reward of $y)
each for Detectives A. L. Guiot, John Me
Grath, James Burke. George Williams, W.
P. Brady and John Shevelin.
Wedding Date Is Announced.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 13.— The marriage
of Miss Helen Hay, daughter of the Sec
retary of State, and Payne Whitney of
New York will occur Thursday, February
S, at the Church of the Covenant in this
city. The Rev. Tunis S. Hamlin, the pas
tor of the church, will officiate and will
be assisted by two visiting clergymen.
About 600 invitations will be issued.
Money for Mare Island.
WASHiNGTON, Dec. 13.— Secretary
Long to-day sent to the House additional
estimates for naval improvements, includ
ing $203,000 for the naval station at Ca
vite. 5314,000 for the Puget Sound naval
station and ?2G0,000 for Mare Island, Cali
fornia.
in the neighborhood of £50. which they
would not have done at £70. Thus the
market is sustained by quiet absorption
of the most tempting offers.GOSSIP IN CAMP
OF POLITICIANS
Bright Prospects for an
Unpledged State
Convention.
George Hatton Now Politi
cal Manager for Senator
George 0. Perkins.
At the hotels, clubs and other places
•where politicians happen to meet and In
cidentally epeaij of the coming State
campaign the opinion is generally ex
pressed that a large majority of Repub
lican delegates will go to the convention
free and unpledged. The change of sen
timent in this regard since the muAfipal
election in San Francisco is remarkable.
Among the active advocates of an anti
programme State convention are Republi
cans -who were formerly classed as out
and out followers of the Herrln-Gaee-
Lynch machine.
The sentiment In the party in favor of
adjusting all differences on the floor of
the convention and giving every candi
date for the gubernatorial nomination
free rein for an* open contest is wide
spread. It is the judgment of the wisest
politicians that the rank and file of the
party will not stand for programme nom
inations. The voters may abide by the
result of an open light in the convention,
* J" u not con sent to secret settlement
° \.< th^ e contest in advance. The system
which allows two or three men to sit
down In the Palace Hotel and prepare a
list of nominations for the convention to
indorse has been played to a finish so far
as the Republican party of California is
concerned.
Exhibits Independence.
San Francisco, the banner county 'of
the State, gave an exhibition of independ
ent voting at the late municipal election
which may be accepted as an index of
what other Republican counties will offer
in the event of raw programme work in
the State convention. At the present
time the list of available men in the Re
publican party for Governor embraces the
names of E. F. Preston, Thomas Flint
Jr., Henry T. Gage, E. B. Edson, Harold
T. Power, John F. Davis, E. C. Voorhels
George C. Pardee, Jacob H. Neff, Victor
H. Metcalf, N. P. Chlpman, George Stone.
Frank H. Short and Van R. Paterson
The Democratic list Includes the names
of Washington Dodge, Mayor Snyder of
Los Angeles. William T. Jeter, Senator
Sims. R. H. Beamer. Ed E. Lcake, James
D. Phelan and Thomas J. Geary.
The Republicans will settle the fight for
the United States Senatorship, as the
Democrats cannot hope to elect a suffi
cient number of Senators and Assembly
men to overcome the holdover strength
cf the Republicans. It Is no longer a
secret that George Hatton is the politica'
manager of George C. Perkins in the lat
ter's candidacy to succeed himself in the
United States Senate. Opposition to Per
kins' re-election, which does not appear
formidable at present, may develop later
on. No doubt Hatton will keep him post
ed and perhaps advise him to beware of
a too close alliance with the Gage-Herrin-
Lynch machine.
Senator Bard Was Advised.
It is reported on the best of authority
that Dr. Rowell at the earnest request o*f
Lieutenant Governor Neff and Harold T.
Power urged Senator Bard not to op
pose the recommendation of William S.
Graham for United States Surveyor Gen
eral, District of California- The argu
ment was advanced that Northern Cali
fornia was recognized when J. M. Glea>-es
was appointed and that the recognition
should be continued by the appointment
of Mr. Graham. Senator Bard was ad
vised . against weakening his position in
anbtfier direction by Insisting on the ap
pointment of ex-Senator Boyce of Santa
Barbara to the Surveyor Generalship.
There was a conference of some of Sena
tor Bard's friends at the Union League
Club in this city recently and there the
points involved were considered. MeES
asres were sent by wire to the Senator,
and a reply was received which indicated
that the advice was regarded as prudent
and timely.
Major Frank McLaughlln, who left here
seven months ago for New York, returned
to the city last night. He goes to Santa
Cruz to-day.
Postage on Christmas Edition.
The great Christmas edition of The
Call, issued December 15, 1801, con
tains 70 pages and will weigh 17
ounces. The rates of postage on this
edition will be as .follows:
Domestic 5 cents
Foreign 9 cents
Insolvency Petitions.
Mrs. M. A. Schroeder. : formerly Mrs.
M, A. Sheehan, restaurant and saloon
keeper at Groveland. Tuolumne County,
filed a petition in insolvency yesterday In
the United States District Court. She
owes S2C26 98 and has $761 80 assets. Other
petitions were: Adolph Meaburn Clay,
civil and mining engineer, Livermore. lia
bilities $S25 £5, assets $12 50; John Malu
vius. saloon-keeper. Grass Valley, liabili
ties $1930 80, assets $300.
Board of Works Meets.
The Board of Works met yesterday and
<Jlrected the secretary to advertise for
proposals for the erection of a sub-police
station on Clara street, near Fourth, and
for building and equippiag a nurses*
quarters at the City and County Hospi
tal.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Cervf errveri
da.iivl:y se^chets
will bo honored In
over ISO Ator r as>irv
tK« United States
Salesroom: 200 po&tst 1
For Stomach Disorders-
• , Cout and Dyspepsia
DRINK
Best NATURAL Alkaline] Water
X2U liKOAinVAr. N. T.
WmJm Ai^ I
Balsam i
IToaaotes tte grcirtli of tho liair astl $ '
gives ittlie lustre znCSWAaesscl TOUtli.'
i Wlien tb&.hpir i3 gray cr fadsfl a «•■:
i BHiKCS CACX TIIE TOUTHFUt COLCO. g
It prevents Dandrslf aad M*.r ff-Hfng *
£3(1 keeps ILe scalp clean and liealtby. ?
GAY THRONGS ENJOY THE BALL
AT THE BRIGHAM RESIDENCE
society Beaux and Belles Dance and Make Merry Until a Late Hour;
Miss Norma Preston Is Making the Final Arrangements for Her
Coming Wedding — Mrs! Cyrus Walker Gives a Luncheon
POPULAR AND ACCOMPLISHED SOCIETY BELLE WHOSE MARRIAGE TO WORTHINGTON AMES, WHICH
WILL BE CELEBRATED NEXT MONDAY IN GRACE EPISCOPAL CHURCH, WILL BE THE MOST IMPOR
TANT SOCIAL FUNCTION OF THE WEEK. ■ *
p-ry^HE Brigham ball last night was a*
I a success. The' usually quiet home
I of Dr. and Mrs. Brigham -was
,)l ablaze with light, and nearly two
hundred and fifty guests enjoyed
themselves. The ball was given to intro
duce the youngest daughter of the fam
ily, Miss Kate, ana the Invitations were
sent mainly to young people. In fact, the
hosts decided to ask no one who was mar
ried, and with the exception of a chaper
on here and there they carried out the
plan. . ~- .
Every debutante of the £ season was
present.
Mrs. Brigham and her two daughters
were exquisitely gowned in white. They
received the guests without assistance
and were equal to the occasion.
A new ballroom was especially built for
the occasion. Although there were two
large rooms that could be opened Into a
ballroom it 'was deemed advisable to add
another and larger room.
The house was decorated in an artistic
manner, many American Beauty roses,
ferns and palms being used.
The guests began to arrive at 9 o'clock,
and dancing began. After supper dancing
was resumed and continued until a very
late hour. ■:■ .; 7 y :
• • <■.., • •.■■; ""-..•'',
Miss Norma Preston, who is at the Pal
ace Hotel, has her sister and a bevy of"
girl friends helping her to complete the
arrangements for her wedding. . What
with untying the scores of beautiful
presents and saying good-bys there Is no
time to be lost, as her marriage takes
place on Monday next at Grace Church.
' • • •
There is a collection of paintings in the
Maple Room of the Palace Hotel that is
worthy an inspection by those artistic
ally inclined. Works of art of every de
scription are suspended from the walls of
the spacious hall and prove very attract
ive to the visitor. The paintings are the
handiwork of the pupils of the Wlckes
studio. That the young ladies who are
giving the exhibition are capable artists
is evidenced by their splendid canvases.
Yesterday afternoon the Maple Room
was crowded with guests invited to view
the nictures and last evening the attend
ance" was so large that It was hardly pos
sible to move around. The paintings will
again be on view this .afternoon and
VESSELS GO ASTBAY '
IU" BENSE EASTEBN FOG
Ferry Steamers on the Elvers at N*».w
York Have a Hazardous
Time.
NEW YORK, Dec. 13.— A heavy fog that
descended on the city in the early morn
ing caused a delay of traffic. Ferries, elo
vated trains and surface cars "were Im
peded, and as the day wore on its effects
were even more serious. The entire ferry
system of both rivers was upset. The
ferry-boat Mauch Chunk, coming from
Communipaw with a large crowd of pas
sengers, ran into a tow of brick scows
and had her steering gear disarranged.
She was adrift for twenty-five, minuter
until her rudder was put in shape. [ In
Ecmc instances boats were an hour In
making the passage that usually -requires.,
eight to ten minutes.
A number of vessels which arrived last
night remained at quarantine, as it wa3
impossible to make the passage up the
harbor In safety.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL^ SATURDAY, DECEMBER 14, 1901.
evening and visitors will be welcome.
The catalogue shows that Miss .Ethel
Marian Wickes, who studied in Paris as
a pupil of Courtois, Girardot and BouRue
reau, has sixty-six oil. paintings. and thir
ty-eight water colors on exhibition. Prom
inent among the number is. "The Game
Preserve," a magnificent painting of a
scene near Blarney Castle, which i3 owned
and loaned by Mrs. M. Salinger. "The
Old Gateways to Barry's Court" is also a
clever piece of work and greatly admired
by connoisseurs. Miss Kate H. Wickes
has a score of beautiful tapestries on ex
hibition. They represent cupids, copies of
famous paintings and still lite.
The pupils of these clever sisters are
also represented by many excellent paint
ings. Among those who have pictures on
exhibition are the Misses Pearl and Lily
Seiz, Mrs. T. J. Walsh, Miss E. B. Mur
ray, Miss Levy, Miss Belle Ury, Miss
Grace Burmeister,- Miss Florence Marks,
Mrs. George Katz and Mrs. L. Halstead.
A reception committee composed of the
following ladies received the visitors last
night: Miss Claire Moore, Miss Helen An
derson, Miss Kate Kerrigan, Mis3 Mame
Cantelow and Miss Camilla Duperu,
This evening a musical programme will
be presented.. Homer S. Henley will ren
der a few vocal selections. Miss Helen
Desmond will play- the piano and Mrs.
Watt will sing.
A very elaborate lunch party was given
yesterday afternoon ' in the conservatory
of the Palace Hotel by Mrs. Cyrus
Walker. The affair was a notable one.
Members of . the. fashionable set discussed
a dainty menu at round tables that were
beautifully decorated. For more than
two hours the guests chatted and feasted
and listened to sweet music furnished by
an orchestra. The conservatory proved
an ideal place . for n luncheon. T*>e
guests were surrounded by plants and the
soft glow of shaded electric lamps shone
on the happy scene. Mrs. Walker proved
a charming- hostess". Amonsr the cruests
were: Mrs. Cyrus Walker, Mrs. -Eleanor
Martin, Mrs. Henry L. Dodere. : Mrs.
George C. Boardman, Mrs. Walter. V).
Dean. Mrs. S. W. Rosenstock. Mrs. E. B.
Cutter. M*s. Gale. Mrs. Adam) If rant,
Mrs. Ira Pierce. Mrs. Monroe HaTIsbury
Mrs. Horaco Davis. Mrs. R. C. Foute,
Mrs. O. W. McAfee. Mrs. James Carolan
Mrs. Lucy Otis. Mrs. WHPam R;. Smed
berg Sr./ Mrs. H. M. A. Miller. Mrs. Hor
ace Blanchard Chase, Mrs.' F. A. Frank
Mrs. William H. Taylor, Mrs. Chauncey
THIRTY-FIVE .THOUSAND
THE LOOT OP ROBBERS
Kentucky Bank Loses Money. Whicli
Was to Have Been Paid Mine
, Employes.
LOUISVILLE, - Dec. 13.— The Evening
Post says: J. L. Frankel, president of the
Tread water Mining Company, which? op
erates at Sturgis, Ky., has received word
that the Bank of Sturgis was robbed of
$35,000 between midnight and dawn.- ■
The work was done quietly and nothing
was known about the robbery when the
bank was opened for business this morn
ing: . At the time of the- theft the bank
held the money which was to have been
used in paying off the employes or the
Treadwater Mining Company.
Bennett's- Appointment Gazetted.
1 LONDON, Dec. 13.— Courtenay Walter-
Bennett, who has been British Consul
General at Bilbao since 1900, has been
gazetted Consul General of Great Britain
at San "Francisco
Rose Winslow, Mrs. Edington Detrick,
Mrs. Louis Findlay Monteagle, Mrs. Rob
ert Oxnard. Mrs. James A. Robinson,
Mrs. J. B. Crockett, Mrs. Horace L. Hill
M i rS .' S. Wilson. Miss Jennie
Blair, Miss Gxnard, Mrs. Horace D. Pills
bury, Mrs. A. C. Tubbs, Mrs. Augustus
Taylor, Mrs. William H. Taylor Jr.T Mrs
Walter r S Martin, Mrs. Thomas Bishop,
Mrs. William Renwick Smedberg Mrs
A D. Keyes, Mrs. Laurence Irving Scott'.
Miss Marie Voorhies, Miss Katherine Dil
lon, Miss Olive Holbrook, Miss Sophia
Pierce, Miss Kittle and Miss Taylor.
Miss Daisy Go wd was married Thurs
day evening to Harry D. Welnn of Hono
lulu. The wedding was a quiet affair and
took place at the residence of Fred B
Wood, the architect, 2211 Steiner street
The bride Is a niece of Mrs. Wood.
The Intermediate Friday Fortnlghtlys
enjoyed, their regular dance last night at
Cotillon Hall. Many old andinew mem
bers were seen at the affair. The cotil
lons are constantly Increasing in popu
larity.'
Mrs. F. A. Hatch will hold a reception
at her studio, 131 Posf street, this after
noon and evening and on Monday from 2
to 6 and 8 to 10 p. m. •
RBBBBBBBBBEZBEIBBBIBESQBBS!BiaESBBllE9BeaDHBBHBHBIBQBBBa
BBEaHBBBBBDjBISBBBBBHBBDBBQBHBBIBOBBBaBBIBaiSBBBBB
mm - .y .-■>.> :-:• Kohler & Chase Save You Money. la
DB; ' • . ' j 'y. . Jfci^^^ Bin
|| ?J| • TILL ; CHRISTMAS. ; . ■ ||
gg Kohler. & Chase can save you from 650 to^$IOO gS
|g on a piano, and you can /select it from the la r gest h§
hh. Wholesale stock .on the coast. SEE the instfu- Sg
gg merit -and: tie your own judge. : . I s3
11 " ' .: REMEMBER THE NUMBER— 26 TO 30 O'FARRELL ST. | ||
™S : OPEN EVENINGS SI
Bib V f . .. . .,. .. KINABE: AGENTS. '» • §g
gg-'KEACQUARTERS 26"3O OTafr^ll St., SAN FRANCISCO Sg
mm ||
SSBFasniS9aBSaBS3i3aQE3SI3i9QS]!aDBDSE3niBaBE3ai31iaaB!S3H1ra
BEaiJHaHESiflBaESiaaiaaaHaHaHEESsssasfaaEaBHQaHHHaESBH
CONFER ON BOND
ISSUE MATTERS
Merchants and Supervi
sors Meet in a Joint
Session.
Continuous Matinee Perform
ance by the Judiciary
Committee.
The Judiciary Committee .of. the Board
of Supervisors gave a continuous per
formance yesterday afternoon with other
Supervisorial committees and a delegation
of the Merchants* Association. The star
act of the day was the joint ' meeting of
the ' Judiciary and Public Utilities com
mittees with the merchants for a discus
sion of the bond issue appropriations to
be presented, to the voters for ratification
at a special election. ;.; ; .'« ■,
Mayor Phelan was on hand, the Firo
Commissioners, .were- there, and also
merchants and manufacturers. They dis
cussed the city's needs, the practicability
of admitting certain appropriations on
the special bond, issue, and came to a
general understanding on what the ciiy
ought to have by the issuance of bonds
instead of the old-time method of Super
visorial appropriation. In certain In
stances definite conclusions were reached,
but in the majority of cases suggestion
and advisement .were the sum limit of
work done.
After the -matter of Justice Daniels*
courtroom was adjusted and the.commit
tee agreed that Judge Dunne should go
to the Hall of Justice for M3 courtroom,
the merchants filed in and took seats
around the long table preparatory to
their heart to heart talks on the bond is
sue. Supervisor Brandenstein was the
chairman and- Frank J. Symmes repre
sented the Merchants' Association.-
Views of the Merchants.
Symmes said that the Merchants' Asso
ciation felt that it .'was not prepared to
express itself fully on the question of pub
lic improvements. The committee of
merchants was in accord with the Super
visorial committee in regard to beautifv
lng the .city by public parks. In regard
to the sewer system the merchants are
still in doubt. It is the sense of the
merchants, he said, that the City and
County Hospital occupy its present site.
The addition to Lafayette Park, which
would cost $200,000, was deemed extrava
gant and unnecessary.
Ex-Mayor Pond was In favor of issuine
bonds for street improvements, but talked
against additional bonds for the park In
vehement terms. The St. Mary's Pari«
apportionment did not receive the mer
chants' approval.
In regard to the $2,055,000 allowance for
schools and sites, the merchants were
generally in favor of it.
The price asked for the Mechanics* In
stitute property was adjudged unwarrant
ed and the suggestion made that the Lin
coln school property be used for the ii
brary. . . . .
Much argument was indulged in when
tne lelegrapn Hill improvement appro
priation of 1554,020 came up for consider
ation. Engineer Grunsky was called to
explain the tunnel scheme, but no definite
recommendation was made.
Argument on Streets.
By far the most keenly -debated ques
tion during the conference related to the
Improvement of streets. The Merchants'
Association recommended the insertion
among the declaratory bills of a $1,000,000
appropriation for the repavement of
streets. ■
Mayor Phelan argued that as street im
provement was altogether different from
permanent improvement no appropriation
should be. made. by the bond issue.
Frank Symmes said the streets were
"so far behind In condition that we should
do something to catch up." . . .
The committeemen then argued until
their throats were dry, and the matter
went over • until the next conference,
which will be on Friday next.
Charles Wesley Reed was strong in his
demands: for a street improvement ap
propriation, while Mayor Phelan quoted
figures to show that the streets could be
Improved from time to time out of the
current revenue. Third street was cited
by the merchants as a most deplorable
thoroughfare, and was made the moral of
the tale.
The Fire Commissioners adjusted their
difficulties without much waste of tim<_\
Rolla V. Watt and Colonel Hecht present
ed claims for a $350,000 bond issue for the
Fire Department. They wanted eight cr
nine new houses and general sanitary im
provements in all but a very few of the
truck company houses.
A motion was made and seconded and a
vote taken with the "so ordered" result.
Other provisions of the bond issue wem
left until the next meeting, when they
will be discussed in. full.
South End Hen Lose.
The Payne estate and South End Row
ing Club controversy was considered
when the Judiciary and Street committees
met in joint session. Alfred Wheeler, rep
resenting the Payne estate,, said that. the
South End Rowing Club had pre-empted
a site on Third street eighteen years ago
and blocked' the street, to the detriment
of property owners. On' the facts tlie
committees favored a removal of the ob
struction and passed a resolution to that
effect. The matter will come up before
the Board on Monday. . --•
Then came a lonely meeting of the
Judiciary Committee, Brandenstein and
Comte being. present. The Grand Jury
had sent in a communication that the
theater ordinance was not being obeyed,
so the clerk was ordered to notify the
police to that effect. The committee ruled
on the high fence ordinance, receiving
with favor the. opinion of. the City Attor
ney that violation of the fence ordinance
was a criminal offense.
Held for Assault to Murder.
Wong Bon, a; Chinese, was held to an
swer before the Superior Court by Judge
Mogan yesterday on the charge of assault
to murder in . $2000 bonds. Wong Bon
stabbed Wong Lee during a dispute .last
week at 15 Waverley place.
' :, .,-- .... ADVERTISEMENTS.. ; r
Operations if or Ovarian Troubles In-
.';.': creasing in Our Hospitals.
Mrs.; Eckis Stephenson of Salt^ak^City Tells How
1 Operations May Be Avoided.
The nniversal indications of the approach of woman's great.enemy,
mation and' disease of the ovaries, are a dull throbbing pain, accompanied by a
sense of tenderness, and heat low down in the side with occasional shooting pains.
On examination it may be found that the region of, pain will show some
swelling. This is the first stage of ovaritis, or. inflammation of the ovaries.
1 If the roof of yonr house leaks,- mydear sister, you' have it fixed'at once ;
why not pay the same respect to yotir .body?; .. Keglecf and. the dreadful
surgeon's knife go hand in hand. How many tBbusancfo of our poor suffering'
sisters might have escaped the hospital and its dreadful experiences if they
had only done as the lady w.hose portrait and letter we are permitted to
publish. Oh, what more can we do to make women believe. * ■ '
MRS. ECKIS STEPHENSON,
State Chairman Young Peoples' Temperance Union, Salt Lake City, Utah.
. "Dear Mrs. Pinkham:— I suffered with inflammation of tha
ovaries and womb for over six years, enduring aches and'pains which
nonfe can dream of but those who have had the same experience. Hun-
.dreds of dollars went to the doctor and tb.e druggist I was simply a
walking medicine chest and a physical wreck. Sly sister residing in
Ohio wrote me she had been cured of womb trouble by using Jjydia E.
Pinkham's Vegetable Compound, and advised me to try it. I then
discontinued all other medicines and gave your Vegetable Compound a
thorough trial. Within four weeks nearly all pain had- left me ; I rarely
had headaches, and my nerves were in a much better condition, and I
was cured in three months, and thus avoided a terrible surgical opera-
tion.'' — Mrs. Eckis Stephenson, 250 So. State St., Salt Lake City, Utah.
Another Operation Avoided in Philadelphia.
*' Dear Mrs.. Pixkham : — Some time ago I was taken very sick with pains
caused by internal trouble, (ovarian) and was unable to attend to my house-
hold duties. I consulted several doctors but got no relief. They advised
an operation which I was almost tempted to. undergo when I read in the
paper of the wonderful cures Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound
was making. So I began taking it and now after taking several bottles feel
like a new woman. Is o praise is too great for it. It is woman's friend and
no woman should be without it." — Mbs. Lizzie Milnee, 1616 Taniata St.,
Philadelphia, Pa.
Remember, every woman is cordially invited to write to Mrs.
Pinkham if there is anything about her symptoms she does not
understand. Mrs. Pinkham's address is Lynn, Mass., her advice
is free and cheerfully given to every ailing woman who asks for
it. .Her advice has restored to health more than one hundred
thousand women. "Why don't you try it, my sick sisters ?
|d& W* tffc A A REWARD. — We have deposited with the National City Bank of Lj nn, $5000,
K* few | Sa El| which will be paid to any person who can find that the above testimonial letters
Bra nS Si Hal are not genuine, or were published before obtaining the writer's special per-
'Mjr I* yi Xj? %? mission. Lydia E. JPinkham Medicine Co., I*yan. Mass.
ADVERTISEMENTS. ;
Skeens Painless Stricture Curd eradicates every
j trace of Stricture, cleansing end healing from the '
start, allaying inflammation and enlargement;
of the Prostate Gland and restoring Lost Vitality, i
No cutting, dilating, drugging or bougies. We
positively guaranty a a thorough, painless and*
permanent cure in every case, and yon can j
Pay When Cured.
We mean just what we say, and it costs nothing
to investigate. Our remedy is a direct local ap-
plication to the affected parts, and is absolutely
harmless. Will mail in plain sealed envelope, to
| any eddress, our interesting book, " An Honest -
Talk,' 1 containing maay testimonials,-' also, a
K.bC'l? 15 DAYS' I
■©** & G TRIAL TREATMENT.
D. A. SKEEH CO.122 Atlas Bank Bldg., Cincinnati^ !
1 OCEAN TRAVEL.
ipTKrallisfll
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
rer First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m.,
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (HioKO), Nagasaki .and Shanghai and
connecting at Hongkong" -tvlth v steameTS for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on
day of salline. ■ : > ■■'■:■;' ■' '■ ■'-,'■' : ' :
SS. AMERICA MARU ..'.
j x,....v. ...Saturday; January 4th. 1902
i SS. HONGKONG MARU :.*
Thursday. January 30th. 1902 i
I SS. NIPPON MARU.
.....Tuesday. February 25th. 1002 1
Round-trip" tickets at reduced- rates. • For
frelpht and passage apply nt company's office.'
421 Market street, corner First.
VT. H. AVERT. General Agent. ,
AMERICAN LINE.
ITEW TORE. BCDTHAKPTOH. LOKDOIt. TMtt\
;. Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
Prom New York W»-1nesdays at '10 a. m.
Philadelphia . .Dec. 2:-fSt. Loula. Jan. IS
St. Paul .Jan. M Philadelphia ...Jan. 2?.
Zeeland ...' Jan. 8'St. Paul ....Jan. 20
RED STAR LINE.
timw York and Antwerp
~ From New York Wednesdays at 12 noon.
•Vaderland- ....Dec. 25 Friesland .Jan. IS
Haverrord Jan. I South wark ....Jan. 22
Zeeland Jan. 8 Vaderland . ..Jan. 29
• 'Stopping at Cherbourg, e&stboand.
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO,
CHAS. D. TAYLOR,
General Agent Pacific Coast, 80 Montgomery st
SS. ALAMEDA. for Honolulu
..- ...Saturday. Dec. 14, I p" m
SS. SONOMA, for Honolulu. Samoa. Auckland
and Sydney.. ..Thursday. Dec. 26 10 a m
SS. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti Il.T.'...
• ........Jan. 4, '02. loa. m.
i, O.SKUtClEU 4 BROS. Clf , Besjraj Apti, 327 Bartai «
fien'l Passangar Offise, B43 Market St. riif 8a. ?. FacSs St
C0KPAGNI3 6EMEaAL3 IRAHSATLANTiOOJ
l/iit£CT LINE TO- HAVRE-PAWS. , •
SallinB every Thursday. Instead of d"<?rtT"fc
Saturaay, at 10 a. m.. rrom pier «. Z3nat3&t
North Klver, foot of Morton street.
I'lrst class to Havr'i. $70 and upward. Second
rJai.« to Havre. $45 and upward. OENEP.AL
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES and CAN^
ADA. « Broadway (Hudson building). N«w
York. J. F. FUGAZI Sc CO.. Pacitte Coasi
Agents. 5 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tickets sold by all RallroaC Ticket Agents^
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
' L . . . • Steamers . leave Broadway
H^/. ,: . Wharf,- San Francisco:
Mftflftfcw For Alaskan ports — 11 a. w-.
R*3l*^V-_ Dec 2. 7. 12. 17. 22. 27. Jan. U
IfirP'SEC?^ Change to company's steam-
■'■■ iS5MSa\&l e« »t Seattle. •
I Nra?*S^!ll For Victoria. Vancouver fB.
! P*$aSl&t&8ft C). Port Townsend. Seattl*.
<• Tacoma. Everett and :sew
- Wbatcom (Wash.) — 11 a. m..
ili-iifllSP
"^or'lan'bl^o^-stipplnl only at Sa=t» Bar-
rara. Port Lo« Anceles and R^o" d » <^°" A £
irelM)-Steamer Santa Rom. ******* , 9 * cl *
Steamer State of Cal.. w « <1ne " da J r9 ' r 2_*-- «•„
. For Los Angeles. ralUnn * t T f ant » T 55Sa «<*?«
terey. San Simeon, Cayuens. Port Harford <San
Loal. Obtspo). . Ga viota. Santa Barbara. V«n-
tura, Haeneme. East San p * !r %* : *", if ,f^ (lr ?
»nd-;Newjort^Stean>er Corona. Saturday*. %
■">« En«*n*d*. M«c<Ulena Bay. Pan To»-<1M
Cabo. Maiatlan, Aitata. L* Pax. Santa K<*»-
Ha. and Guayma» (Mex.)— 10 a. m.. Ith o« eacS
m For further Information obtain the coamany**
C The* company reserves th»rl«ht t« rtw™"
steamers, ralltnsr *avn and hour* of sallln*
without nrovlotia nntio. • % --'CH
TICKET OT"KT«TK— i . X»t Montgomery
itre#t 'Pniace HntMV .
GOODAIX. PFHKTXS'.* ro.^nen. A*ent«.
10 Market nt.. Ran Francisco.
O, R. & N, CO,
PORTLAND. Or.,
And $»rujr* Riiif ,F.»n«» from P->r»'snd to «"
IHvnts*-- Etrtt. Trir<m£h Ticket"* to o'l
■ point-. *•>* r"»n fv «tei»»n«S5»»-*»-id rail. »t
IiOWEST RATSS.
5TEAMER TICKET! INCLUDE ?IKTJ!sni W1AH.
FP. COT.UJtniA ?air«..Eec. 14." 24. Jan.' 3 11
SS.. GEO. W. ELt>?TR .:-
I... .Sails I>ee. 19. 29. Jan. 8. 11
Steamer sails from foot oS Spear Rt.. 11 a. m.
J>. W." HITCHCOCK. Cen.Agt- 1 Montg'y. g.F.
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION CO.
And Ci3 M Americana *¥abonn
To Valparaiso. Btopplns at Mexican. Central
and South American porta. Sailing from Hove
ard 3. Pier 10. 12 m.
TUCAPEl. Dec. 2^'LOA :.
AREQUIPA ....Jan. 4PERU
These steamer* are built expressly for Cen-
tral and South American passenger servtce.
(No change at Arapulco or Panama). Freight
and pnaseneer office. 316 California street.
: BALFOUR. OPTHRJB & CO.. Gen. Agents.
PANAMA R; B, t BS?
to new ynaK m ?Knm omEir.
Cabfri, $105; Steerage. $40; iTfeals Free.
6. C. Lcelanaw bail « /Vondav. Ties. 2,1
S.C-.Ar-\yil roils Thursday, Jan. 23
fc>. K. Lee'anaw »«iU Von day Feb. 3
From Howard-street wharf at 2 p. m.
Freight and Passenger Office. 330 Market • st
F, P. CONNOR. Pacific Coast Agent
BAY AND BIVEB STEAMEBS. 1
Steinurj <J2*T KRI3BI* or MONTICELL)
»:4i a. m.. 3; 15 and S:3) p. m..' except Sun-
day. Sunday. 9:40 a. m.. S:30 p. m. Uivf,
Vallejo 1 a. m., i::39 noon, < p. m.. excapt
Eunday. Sunday. 7 a. m.. 4:15 p. ni. 7*it 5t
cents. Tebphcn- Main 1SCS. Landing anj
office, pier X MlssJoa-straat dock. HATCH
910
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Domestic Exchange higher and Sterling lower. Silver unchanged.
Wheat futures rather /inner again. Barley quiet and steady.
Oats strong, Corn^ dull and Rye firmly held. .
No further change in Hay and Fccdstuffs.
Beans continue dull. •
Potatoes firm, in spite of heavy receipts. Onions weak. "■■'.
Frost damages Vegetables down south. '. ! / i
Butter and Eggs firmer, ozving to the cold snap.
New prices issued for Raisins. Prunes active and very firm.
Provisions lower at Chicago. Bacon in better demand here. |
Slight advance in live Hogs Other Meats unchanged. -. i]
Importers offering steam Coals at a loss.
Cold weather checks demand for Fresh Fruit. .*'
Local stocks and bonds neglected.
Poultry and Game in good supply.
Weather Report. ,
fl20th Meridian — Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, Dec. 13, 1901—5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
(ate, as compared with those of the same date
last season, and rainfalls In the last twenty
lour hours:
Last 24 This Last
Stations — Hours. Season. Season.
Eureka ..0.00 16.01 15.59
fRed Bluff 0.00 9. KG 6.85
Eacramento 0.00 5.98 <i.5O
Ban Francisco 0.00 5.80 5.88
Fresno 0.00 2.17 5.10
tnflppendenee O.OO 1.34 2.26
San Luis Obispo 0.00 4.5G 9.94
Los Angeles 0.00 2.46 G.79
Ban Diego 0.00 0.77 1.73
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
53: minimum, 42; mean. 48.
The following maximum and minimum tem
peratures were reported from Eastern stations:
Boston 42-361 Omaha 26-10
Cincinnati 56-4G: Duluth 24-06
Washington -. — ! Salt Lake City... 26-12
Jacksonville 66-C2! Chicago 4S-46
Kansas City 3G-22St. Louis 62-52
New York 50-40 Philadelphia 54-38
THE COAST RECORD.
STATIONS. 2 S333^_:
ft *CC BC • .Jo ~»* r*
S. : 3 : 3 s = s »
'. ; ; a"
Astoria 30.38 38 30 NE Cloudy .00
Baker 30.24 30 14 NW Cloudy .00
Carson 30.24 44 8 NW Clear .00
Eureka 30.26 50 32 NE Clear .00
Fresno 30.24 52 28 S Clear .00
Flagstaff 30.22 30 00 W Clear .00
Pocatello. Ida.30.16 26 14 SW Cloudy .00
Independence.. 30. 10 52 22 NW Clear ".00
Los Angeles... :>0. 16 58 34 SW Clear .00
Phoenix 30.12 50 28 SW Clear .00
Portland 30.38 34 28 S Cloudy .01
Red Bluff 30.24 4S 40 SE Clear .00
Roseburg 30.40 30 24 NW Cloudy .00
Sacramento ..30.24 48 32 E Pt Cldy .00
Salt Lake 30.2S 22 12 SE Snow .01
San Francisco.30.24 54 42 W Clear .00
S. L. Obispo..30.2t 58. 2S NW Clear .00
San Diego 30.16 54 36 NW Clear .00
Seattle .,.30.36 38 24 E Pt Cldy .00
Spokane 30.28 28 22 S Cloudy .00
Neah Bay 30.32 42 54 SE Pt Cldy .00
Walla Walla.. 30. 22 30 28 S Cloudy .00
Winncmucca .30.32 32 6 SW Clear .00
Yuma 30.14 54 34 NW Clear .00
Temperature— 7 a. m.. 44 degrees. — —
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure has risen slowly over California
and Arizona. There has been but little change
In temperature and the weather continued cold
for the entire Pacific Slope. Cold weather also
prevails over the country west of the Rocky
Mountains. In California killing frosts were
reported this morning at nearly every station.
Temperature near the freezing point occurred
generally in the orange belt. Ample warnings
were given fruit growers to fire their coal
baskets and otherwise protect their fruit. Veg
etables and probably lemon trees In exposed
places were injured.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight, December 14, 1901*
Northern California— Fair Saturday; contin
ued cold weather; light northeast winds; heavy
Jrosts Saturday morning; fruit growers should
continue to smudre.
Southern California— Fair Saturday; not quite
eo cold; heavy frosts Saturday morning; fruit
growers should not discontinue their efforts to
protect their fruit; light northerly wind.
I'^evada— Fair Saturday; warmer; light west
erly wind.
San Francisco and vicinity — Fair Saturday
not quite so cold; heavy frost In the morning;
light easterly changing to westerly wind
ALEXANDER G. McADIE.
Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
New York Stock Market.
NEW YORK, Dec. 13.— Stocks scored quite
a notable recovery in to-day's market. The
market was very irregular during the early
part of the day and distinctly weak In spots.
This was due to the residue of uneasiness com
ing over from yesterday's events and the fear
that money stringency would develop during
the day incident to the carrying over of loans
until Monday. Borrowers on call paid as high
as 8% per cent early In the day, but they had
no difficulty j n obtaining accommodations at
the prevailing rates. There was no further
calling of loans by the banks or forcing of
liquidation in comsequence. as was the case yes
terday The call loan rate yielded as the larger
demands were satisfied and fell below 6 nW
cent at the c;o?e. Perceiving the course things
were taking the bears be?an to buy to cover
their short contracts, which had been consid
erably extended in yesterday's decline. There
was some buying also by inside Interests In
the various stocks, especially during the morn
ing, for the purpose of support. Under these
influences prices began to recover and touched
the high level of the day during the afternoon.
This level was not fully maintained, but tht
closing was steady and dull, only a traction
below the top level. Yesterday's anxiety over
tne rumors circulated of the embarrassment o£
a large international mercantile house was re
lieved by assurances that the trouble was tided
over This was a factor in the recovery except
tor the rubber goods stocks and United States
Rubber, which lost from 1 to 4 points The
preliminary figures of the week's mov.'-moius
?>L C^ Pfomlfeed. a loss of upward of $(1,000.
000 for the banks, but the easier tone of the
money market hilped to a more hopeful senti
ment over the future. In the late strength of
the market, gains of 1 to 2 ooints were estab
lished among the local tractions, trunk line«
coders both hard and soft. Southwesterns and
a. numbf-r of specialties. General Electric ro«e
1 Points. Amalgamated Copper fluctuated
feverishly on the announcement of the open cut
!n the price of raw copper. The stock row L»
OR% at one time and was near that point sev
eral times. The low price was C6V; and it
clo«*i only higher at a net decline of "i
Bonds were irregular and -n'.y model atcly
active. Total sales, par value §2 OJ" 'KK)
United States bonds were all jnchans^ on
tne last call.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Stocks — Sales. Itffjh. Low. Cl^se
Atchison 25,700 7G% 75 76%
Atchison rrefd !»,40o 08% 97 ugu,
Baltimore & Ohio.. 2,600 Wife 100 101 K
Bait & O prefd 100 04 " 94 9 4i£
Canadian Pac 2.4W» 112 III s !* I12'Z
Canada So J.7OO 85% 84 Ti K5«£
Ches & Ohio 1.1OO 45»i 45 4",L4
Chi & Alton 1.700 33 32 3.i2
Chi & Alton prefd. 400 .77',i 77 77?
Chi Ind & Louis.. 300 4G 45'4 43*1
Chi I & L prefd 73J?
Chi & East III .. 13414
Chi & Gt West.... 0,500 24 . 22% 23«Z
Chi & G W A prefd «<*> K5% 85»i Kiu,
Chl&GWB prefd 600 44 % 43 44
Chi'& N W 1.50(1 200^ 1971,4 WbU
Chi R 1 & P 1.800 147»4 14GH 140^4
Chi T & T 700 15«4 1514 15U
Chi T & T prefd.. 300 30 25H4 20»4
C C C t 61 L 3<*0 37 90% O«H
Colo So 900 13% U\'t 13%
Colo So 1st prefd.. 2,500 56 5514 5"
Colo So 2nd prefd.. 1.200.. 24% 24>4 25
Delaware & Hud.. 4,200 172^ 170 17I1A
Del L & W 200 247 243 246U
» & n G 3OO . *2% 42% 42V.
D & n G prefd.... I.O00 03 O2 92 «Z
Erie 17.C00 39»£ 38% 39
Erie 1st prefd..... 800 71 »4 70«i 71 U
Erie 2nd prefd..... 2.400 55 53% 54%
Gt Nor prefd 1,800 182^ IS1 181%
Hocking- Valley.... T.00 62% 62«4 <52
Hocking Val prefd. 400 <51'/» 81 60 ft
*♦! -
Ill Central 1.200 137% 136% 136%
Iowa Central . 1,100 35% 34% 35
Iowa Cent pref d. . . 100 70 70 70%
Lake Erie & W. .. 400 65% 64% 65«i
L E & W prefd .. .. 120
Louis & Nash 7,100 104% 103% 104%
Manhattan L 24,500 133% 131% 132V.
Met St Ry 7.100 159 156% 158%
Mex Cent 400 22% 22 22%
Mex National .... 600 13% 13% 13%,
Minn & St "._..;... 100 108% 108% 107y.
Mo Pacific 15,600 102% 101 102%
, MK&T 200 24% 24% 25
M K & T prefd... 300 50% '50 50
N J Central . . 178
N Y Central 16,000 163V& 160% 162%
Nor & West 7,000 54% 53% 54%
Nor & West prefd. 100 91% 91% 90 «.
Nor Pac prefd 200 99% 99% 99%
Ontario & West... 5.700 33% 32% 33
Pennsylvania 23,800 146% 145 146%
Reading 29,700 47% 45% 4G%
! Reading 1st prefd. 2.400 79% 78% 78%
Reading 2d prefd.. 16.300 57 55% 56%
St L & S F 1,100 51%' 51 - 51%
St L & S F 1st pfd .. .. 79"
St L & S F 23 pfd 800 70 69 C9%
St L SW 400 27% 27 27
St L SW prefd 1.000 57 56% 56%
St Paul 36,000 159% 157% 159%
St Paul prefd ' 600 187 185 V. 186 V.
So Pacific "22,600 58% 5G % 58 "
So Railway 9,800 32% 31% 32%
So Ry prefd 2.500 91% 90% 91%
Texas & Pacific... 1,500 38% 37% 38
T St L & W 3,500 19% 19% 1SV.
T St L &, W prefd 300 32 32 31 %
Union Pacific ..... 61,000 99% 97% 99%
Union Pacific pfd.. 4,600 87% 87% 87%
Wabash 900 22% 21% 22
Wabash pfd 11,200 42 40% 41%
Wheeling & L E.. 200 18 17% 17%
Whl & L E 2d pfd 28
Wisconsin Central. 900 20% 19% 20
Wisconsin Cen pfd. 600 41% 40 40% >
Express Companies —
Adams 190
American 195
United States ■: 88
Wells Fargo '!••- J S0
Miscellaneous — * -
Amalgam Copper.. 98,600 68% . 66% C6%
Amer Car & Foun. 2,400 30 29% 29%
Amer Car & F pfd. 600 S5# 85% 85%
Amer Linseed Oil 16
Amer Lin Oil pfd 4G
Amer Smelt & Ref. 2,900 44% 43% 44%
Am Srael & R pfd 96%
Anaconda Min Co. . 23,000 30% 29% 29%
Brook Rap Tran... 6.S0O C2% 61 (52%
Colo Fuel & Iron... 1,700 78% 77 79%
Consolidated Gas . 800 215 213 211%
General Electric .. 900 281 274 281
Glucose Sugar .... 200 39% 3» 39
Hocking Coal 400 15% 15 14%
Internation Paper.. 1,100 19% 19 18%
In Paper pfd ex-dlv 100 75% 75% 75 "
Interna Power '88%
Leclede Gas 90
National Biscuit .... 43
National Lead , 16%
National Salt 100 30% 30% 30%
National Salt pfd 61
North American .. 900 94 . 93 »2%
Pacific Coast 74
Pacific Mall 500 43% 43% 43% 1
People's Gas 2,400 99 98 9S%
Pressed Steel Car. 400 . 38% 38% 39%-
Pressed S Car pfd. 500 S2-% 82% S2%
Pullman Pal Car 211
Republic Steel 400 15% 14% 14%
Republic Steel pfd. 1.200 68% 67% C8%
Sugar 8.200 121 119 120%
Tenn Coal & Iron.. 3,000 60% 69% 60
U Bag & Paper Co. 200 14% 14% 14%
IT Bag & P Co pfd 71
TJ S Leather 1,600 11% » 11% 11%
U S Leather pfd.. 200 81% 81% 81%
U S Rubber 400 14% 14 13%
U S Rubber pfd... 1 49
U S Steel 32.700 40% 39% 40%
U S Steel pfd :. 13.600 »1 89% 90%
Western Union . 800 91% 91 91%
American Loco ... 4,500 30% 30 30%
American Loco pfd. 1,000 87% 87% 87%
Total sale* ...625,300
CLOSING BONDS.
U S refunding 2. Hock Valley 4%s.lO8%
reg lOS^i L & Nash uni 4s. 102%
do coup 103 Mex Cent 4s .82%
do Ss reg 108% do 1st inc 29%
do coup 108% Minn & St L 4s.. 103%
do new 4s reg.. 139% M K & T 4s 86 ! s
"do coup 133% do 2ds 81
do old 4s reg.. .111% N "5 Cent lsts 106,4
do coup 112% do gen 3%s 110
do 5s reg 107% N J Cent gen 5s.. 131%
do coup North Pac 4s 105%
Atchison gren 4b..1O2"K do 3s ..'. 72%
do adj 4s 93% Norf & W con 4s. 102%
Bait & Ohio 4s...lO2Va Reading gen 4s... 99%
do 3%s 96 St L & I M c 5s..U6&
do conv 4s 104 St L & S F 4s 9S
Can South 2ds...lO8% St L SW lsts 96%
Cent of Ga 5s 105 do 2ds 7914
do 1st inc 75 S A _ A Pass 4s. 89%
Ches & Ohio 4%s.lO6% South Pac 4s 92%
Chi & Alton 3%s. SO SoutlvRy 5s 121
C B & Q new 4b.. 97% Tex & Pac lsts. ..118% I
C M & St P g 4s. Ill Tol St L & W 4s. 81
C & NW con 7b.. 138% Union Pac 4s 105%
C R I & P 4s 100% do conv 4s 105
C C C St L g 48.103% Wabash lsts 117W
Chi Term 4b 83% do 2dB 113%
Colo & South 4s.. R8% do deb B 65%
Den & R G 4s 103'i West Shore 4s 114
Erie nrlor lien 4s. 100% W & Lake E 4s. fll
do gen 4s * 93% Wls Cent 4s 90
Fttt & D C lsts.104 Con Tobacco 4s... 62%
JCKW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 20 Little Chief 12
Alice 15 Ontario 8 50
Breece 15 Ophir eo
Brunswick Con ... ,75 Phoenix 00
Comstock Tunnel. 00 Potosi 02
Con Cal & Va 1 50 Savage 01
Dead wood Terra.. 50 Sierra Nevada ... 00
Horn Silver ..;.. 1 90 Small Hopes .... 40
Iron Sih-er CO, Standard ........ 3 40
Leadville Con ... - 05 1
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS. /
Money — do prefd 90 : i4
Call loans 4@5 Westingh Com 70-
Time loans 4%25 Mining-
Bonds—- . Adventure ....... 21
Atehison 4s ... ...102 Allouez 4%
Oas iPts ........ 85 Amalgamated ... 66%
Mex Cent 4s SO Baltic 3g
N E G & Coke..." 67 ' Blngham 27</i
iidiiroads — . - : Calumet _ Hecla.630
Atchison .....;... 76% Centennial ...... 14 ■ •
do prefd 9S% Copper Range .... 57
Boston & Albany. 258 Dom Coal 47
Boston & Maine.. l'.U Franklin 14%
Boston Elevated. .168 Isle Royale - 20V»
N Y N H & H. . .212 Mohawk 34*i
Fitchburg prefd.. 144 Old Dominion ... 23%
Union Pac OS}; Osceola ...:...... 80
Mex Cent .... 21% I Parrot 81
Miscellaneous — IQulncy 150
Am Sugar 120% Santa Fe Copper.; 3
Am Tel & Tel 100 Tamarack 265
Dom Iron _ Steel. 25 Trlmountaln 3<>V>
Gen Electric 278 Trinity 14%
Mass Electric ... 33 Cnited States ... 13%
do prefd 91^ Utah 10%
N E G & Coke... 5U Victoria ......... 5%
United Fruit 805', Wlnona ." 2
U S Steel 40% Wolverine ....... 4
New York' Money Market.
NEW YORK. Dec. 13. — Money on call was
firm at 3@8 per cent; M closing bid and asked,
3(3-1 per cent; prime mercantile paper, 4%@5
per cent. Sterling exchange was steadier, with
actual business in bankers' bills at $4 8(J%@
4 80% for demand and at $4 82% @4 82% for
sixty days: posted rates, $4 83%@4 84 and
$4 87©4 87%: commercial bills, $4 S2@4 S2%.
Bar ellver. 55<t. / Mexican dollars, 43%c. . Bonds
— Governments, steady; States, Inactive; rail
roads, irregular.
Condition of the Treasury.
. WASHINGTON, Dec. 13.— To-day's state
ment of the ' treasury ' balances in the genera!
fund, exclusive of the $150,000,000 gold reserve
in the division of redemption, shows: Avail
able cash balance, $168,624,516; gold, $114,471 -
240. ■ . ■■ -■■■-.." • :
London Market.
NEW YORK. Dec. 13.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram- saye:
. There was a thin attendance at the , Stock
I Exchange to-day and business was interrupted
'.■'", - ■■ ■ . ■ • ■ '. ; ■■ I ' ■:■■•. ' ,..-...-■ i •■ • ■. ■ • ■.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, DECEMBER 14, 1901.
by the sale which isolated London from the
provinces. . New York cables were also de
layed. The tone of the market was cheerful
on Boer surrenders. American issues nun*
back early, with a slight rally on the New
York opening. The favorites were Southern Pa
cific. Union Pacific and Erie. The close was
dull.
Copper touched £51% the ton and Rio Tin
tos, after declining to 40%, closed at 41%.
London is puzzled by the absence in New
York cable dlsnatches of an announcement of
dividend on Amalgamated Copper. Three
quarters of 1 per cent was intimated here at 4
o'clock yesterday. ■ •. " •
Gold to the amount of £20,000 ha3 gone out
to' Roumania. ...
.> . , CLOSING.'
LONDON, Dec. 13.— Anaconda, 6%; Atchison,
75%: Atchison preferred. lOOVi; Canadian Pa
cific, IIS 1 /!; Denver and Rio Grande, 43%; Den
ver and Rio Grande preferred, 95; Northern Pa
cific preferred, 102; Southern Pacific, 59; Union
Pacific, 101; Union Pacific preferred, 7(Hi. Bar
silver, quiet, 25 7-16d per ounce. Money, 3*£@
4 »er cent.. . • - • -.. ■•■.'. ••
Bank Clearings.
; __ . *
NEW YORK. Dec. 13.— The following table,
compiled by Bradstreet, shows the bank clear
ings at the principal cities for the week ended
December 12, with the percentage of Increase
and . decrease, as compared with the corre
sponding week last year:
Cities — Clearances. Inc. Dec.
New York ..$1,562,900,763 20.2 , ....
Chicago 17(5,220,439 31.0
Boston' .'....." 141,626,808 .... 4.9
Philadelphia .....' 108,257,123 20.5
St. Louis. ........ 1 1 56,900,591 54.2 ....
Pittsburg "...' 44,236,530' 43.1
Baltimore 23,487,267 6.7
San Francisco.... 23,818, «598 14.3 ~ ....
Cincinnati ....... 19.678,200 ' 12.0 , ....
Kansas City 20,910,870 ' 19.2 ....
Minneapolis 20,141.876 50.3 ....
Cleveland ........ 14.51S.007 31.8
New Orleans..... 17,280,416 .'. . . 8.6
Detroit 14,190,.'J08 65.1
Louisville .... 10,279.310 2.7
Indianapolis 10,595,336 32.7 ....
Providence 6.722,800, 10.1
Omaha 7,212,159 14.7
Milwaukee 5,832,570 3512
Buffalo ' B,S24,52»
St. Paul 6,785,730 23.4 ....
Savannah 4,248,760 .... 29.8
Denver 4,804.475 7.3
St. Joseph 5.705,768 36.3
Richmond 3,924,950 .... 6.1
Memphis '4,107,753 18.3
Seattle 3.031.S58 32.5 ....
Washington 3,506,369 22.(5
Hartford 2,961,059 25.6 ....
Los Angeles 4,020,195 53.0
Salt Lake City... 4,161,949 18.6
Toledo ...: 2.033.40S 8.8
Portland, Or 3,504,084 2S.5
Rochester ....... 2,171.096 5.0
Peorla 3,029.197 5.7
Fort Worth 3,274,704 6.1 ....
Atlanta 3,S56,5S8 25.3
Norfolk 1.676.509 3.1
Des Moines * 1,862,60!) 23.5 ....
New Haven 1.805.881 18.4" ....
Springfield, Mass. 1,699,503 22.2 ....
Augusta 1,933,344 18.3 ' ....
Nashville 1,800.561 .7.8 ....
Worcester 1,611.997 9.2 ....
Grand Rapids 1,378,636 23.8 ....
Sioux City 1,634,249 5.8 ....
Dayton, 0 1,346,792 23.0 ....
Syracuse 1,286,661 16.3 ....
Scranton 1,237,376 ....
Portland, Me 1.528.C73 5.0 ....
Spokane'. 1,681,048 39.0 ....
Tacoma 1,231,580
Evansvllle " 1,017.849 5.2 ....
Wilmington, Del.. 969,698 1.9
Davenport 903,425 7.7" ...:
Fall River 1,091,784 34.9 ....
Birmingham l,239,S(i7 26.2 ....
Topeka .%.. 1,392,399 31.4 -....'
Macon 723,000 .... 11.2
Little Rock 1,182,310 35.8 ....
Helena 621,135 .... 28. »
Knoxville 650,392 10.0 ....
Lowell 664,425 11.6
Wichita 535,144 9.4 ....
Akron 607,200 30.5"
New Bedford..... 585,041 17.3
Lexington 562,398 22.5
Springfield. 111.... 577,213 26.5 ....
Binghamton ..... 354,700 .' ..'... • 16.3
Chattanooga 509,00V 24.4 7...
Kalamazoo ...... 506,616 38.6 '.'...
Fargo 585,882 5.7 ....
Youngstown 562,543 81.2 ....'
Springfield, O.... 422.896 '40.1 ....
Rockford ".. 465,791 21.5 ....
Canton 382,000 6.5 ....
Jacksonville 445,782 C4.2 ....
Sioux Falls 322,379 74.0
Fremont 201,020 23.3 ....
Bloomington, 111.. ■ 350.710 49.6
Jacksonville, 111.. 193,804 42.9 ....'
•Columbus, O.... 7.451,100 19.5 ....
•Galveston ...... 8,538.000 .... 8.9
•Houston 13,554,061 36.0
tColorado Springs 935,973
tWheellng, W. Va "654,285 .... ....
tWilkesbarre 809,153 .... ....
Albany 5,570,474
Totals, U. S.... $2, 402,831,892 ' 19.2
Outside New York 839,930,629 17.3 ....
CANADA.
Montreal $19,313,692 40.7 ....
Toronto v. 15,572.573 32.7 ....
Winnipeg 4,820,389- 74.5 ....
Halifax 2,026,516 25.4 ....
Vancouver, B. C. 905,578 17.6 ■ ....
Hamilton 922,229 *• 2.5 ....
St. John, N. B.. .. 871,890 13.4 ....
Victoria, B. C... . 876,355 61.0 ....
tQuebec 1,586,153 ....
Totals. Canada. $45,309,222 37.8., ....
•Not Included In totals because containing
other items than clearings. TNot included in
totals because of no comparison for last year.
Dun's Review of Trade.
NEW 'YORK, Dec. 13.— R. G. Dun & Co.'s
Weekly Review of Trade to-morrow will say:
It is most fortunate that the vagaries of specu
lation are not always deleterious to legitimate
business. Railway stocks fell sharply, yet full
returns for November show that earnings were
11.5 per cent greater than In the same month
last year and 11. S per cent over those of 1809.
Industrial and traction shares were even more
violently disturbed, yet the manufacturing
plants of the nation were never more j fully
occupied. Numerous labor controversies haye
been settled and tlie rate of wages is at the
highest point ever attained. Retail distribu
tion is of massive proportions, with dealings
in holiday goods the conspicuous feature. This
class of business so far surpasses all previous
records that it alone gives an unmistakable
indication of the nation's prosperity, even if
other more definite measures were not avail
able. Conditions in the leading industry are
stiH most strikingly promising. Despite the
full engagements of most of . the . steel mills
well into next year the week- has brought a
large amount of new business, particularly in
railway equipment. Stability of prices con
tinues the best feature. Reports from the
great iron centers during the closing week of
November dwelt upon the scarcity of cars and
motive powers, implying that furnaces could
not secure coke and were going out of blast
while pig iron could not be moved from the
yards to the mill. Hence it was generally ex
pected that the output would show a- material
decrease while : furnace . stocks of iron . were
thought to be somewhat augmented.' Instead
the Iron Age' has issued a most encouraging
report of 200 furnaces in blast on December 1,
with a capacity of 324,761 tons weekly.
Western grain producers and dealers have
expressed great faith In the future of prices,
many announcing their intention to hold their
supplies until spring, when the scarcity would
be marked and quotations reach a more profit
able point. ■ ' ':•■■
Bradstreefs on Trade.
NEW YORK, Dec. 13. — Bradstreet's to-mor
row .will 6ay: Holiday trade 1 B in full swing
at all markets, while jobbing distribution
naturally shows a quieting down . preparatory
to stock taking. Nearly all advices touching
these latter branches of business are. encourag
ing; and the year's results, so far as ascer
tained, are on the whole very favorable. Among
the Industries iron -and steel =are easily first
in strength of demand and prices and the word
buoyant about accurately describes the situa
tion as regards the feeling In" the trade gen
erally. Though strong this : trade is ■ still con
servative as a whole, as . evidenced by : the
pegging of Iron ore (old range) quotations for
the coming year at. old prices in the face of
a temptation to advance that and finished pro
ducts. • Probably never- before ,wa 8 so much
business hooked in . advance a» - there ' Is at
present in pig iron, rails and finished products
The -former is in better demand and $16 can
be had at valley furnaces, though $15 25 is the
nominal rate. . Production is at an unheard
•of/ rate, despite car shortage stopping coke de
liveries and stocks of : pig iron • are still de
creasing. < <• . - .
The crest of the recent rise in cereals was
for the present. reached on Saturday last for
coarse grains and on : Monday,' . December , 9,
for wheat and provisions. The 'proportions* of
the recent rise " Induced ' enormous realizing,
■which -. for a time was - offset by heavy new
1 buying, but • ultimately the size of the grain
movement • and . Increases in visible supplies.
added to the - : freaking of the drouth , in the
South and the * tightness of money, left the
beats masters 6f the field. The steady. rise in
wheat and corn prices shown in the early part
of .November had resulted in a gain of about
13c each in wheat and corn, from which the
rail this week is only about 3 cents. . Provisions
sympathized with the movement and the high
price of low-grade foodstuffs is still a feature
of note. ; .
Woolen "goods are in good demand, particu
larly, for dresp wear, and many mills are busy,
on heavy-weight orders. Wool is strong, though
unchanged, on good demand, slightly higher,
on Merinos and unchanged on crossbreds.
Boot and. shoe manufacturers are still busily
employed and shipments still heavily exceed
last year. Leather Is firm and while hides are
easier tanners are not anxious to buy largely.
Higher prices of cereals check our export
trade in that direction and shipments of bread
stuffs, live animals, cotton and ojls all de
creased from October totals.- Compared with
November a year ago provisions, cottons and
oil exports are all heavier. • • ■ "' .
Wheat shipments in November were 50 per
cent larger. For the calendar year 1901 ship
ments of breadstuffs, animals, cotton oils and
provisions aggregate a sum 5 per cent larger
than in any previous year. -
Wheat, including flour, exports for the week
aggregate :5 t 879,809 bushels, against 4,604.046
bushels last week and 4,785,577 bushels in this
week' last year.
Wheat exports/July 1 to date (twenty-four
weeks), aggregate 136,303,715 bushels, against
84,060,729 bushels last season.- i
Business failures in the United States for
the week number 233, against 237 last week
and 247 in this week a year ago.
Canadian "failures, for the week number 23,
or the same number as last week and 'com
pared with 18 in this week a year ago.
New York Grain and Produce
NEW . TORK, Dec. 13.— FLOUR— Receipts,
6400 barrels; exports, 14,600 barrels; fairly
steady, but dull, closing a little better In tone
with : wheat. Winter straights, $3 45@3 65;
Minnesota patents, $3 S5@4 10.
WHEAT— Receipts, 64,000 bushels; exports,
23,900 bushels; spot firm. No. 2 red, 86^4c f.
o. b. afloat;, No. 2 red, 83 %c elevator; No. 1
Northern Duluth, 83 %c f. o. b. afloat; No. 1
hard Duluth, 93c f . o. b. afloat. Options had a
steady opening on short demand. After a slight
reaction they again advanced and ruled firm all
day with shorts the principal buyers. Corn led
the strength, but outsiders took little part.
Closed strong at %@lc net advance. March
closed at 8614c; May, 85 5-16@85%c, • closed
85>4c; July, 84@S5i4c, closed 85%c; December,
82@83%c,- closed 83^c.
HOPS— Steady.
HIDES— Steady.
WOOL— Dull.
COFFEE— Spot Rio, firm. No. 7 Invoice,
C%c; mild, steady; Cordova; 7@ll%c. Futures
closed firm in tone at a net advance of 10@15
points.-. Total sales, 21,750 bags, including:
January, 6.70c; March. 6.90c; May, 7.05@7.10q;
June, 7.10c; July, 7.25@7.30c; September, 7.45c;
November, 7.65c.
SUGAR— Raw, steady. Fair refining, 3 9-32c;
centrifugal, 96 test, 3%c; .molasses sugar,
3 l-32c. Refined, steady.
BUTTER — Receipts, 8600 packages; unset
tled. State dairy. 15@23c; creamery, 16@24c;
June creamery, 15@22c; factory, 13@15^c.
EGGS — Receipts, 3500 packages; firm. West
ern at. mark, 26c. ; ..
' ~_ DRIED FRUIT.
Trading in. the market for evaporated apples
was moderately active and the undertone was
jrenerally steady. State, common to good, 6@
8%c: 'prime; 9@9}£c; choice, 9%@0%c; fancy,
10(§10%c.
California dried fruits were dull and feature
6S PRUNES— 3% @7c.
APRICOTS— Royal. 10@10%c; Moorpark, 9%
@13c. 1
PEACHES— Peeled, 12@19c; unpeejed, 7@
10iy$c. ; .'.-.., ;
Chicago Grain Market.
* : __*
CHICAGO, Dec. 13.— Wheat crept back
slowly into the eighties to-day. The absence
of Liverpool cables and the heavy fall of snow
and rain throughout' .the country kept, th*
talent guessing. London was rather weak in
tone, and though the winter wheat belt got a
good soaking, the approach of blizzards was
much feared. Other conditions early were
bearish. ■ The cash demand was slow, receipts
were Kberal , and clearances small. St. Louis
reported a continental .inquiry, but in general
the early trade <vas «f the selling kind. May
opened unchanged to %c up at 79 %c to 79 %c,
but soon sold down to 79c. At this price shorts
covered freely and some professionals began to
acquire lines of long wheat again. The
weather report frightened holders and trade
toward the close became .'brisk.. Prices re
acted well and May advanced to 80%c, closing
strong, %«. higher, at 80%c.
Corn was fairly active, making gains and
holding them well, t The close was strong. May
%c to lc uj>, at 67%@67%c.
Oats followed ' wheat and corn. May closed
strong,' %c up, at 45%@45%c.
Provisions were . fairly active, but only
steady. Fluctuations were narrow. May pork
closed 2%c lower, lard a shade lower and ribs
a shade higher. ■ r .
The leading futures ranged as follows:
' Articles— Open. High Low. Close.
Wheat. No. 2—
Tjecember 75% 78% 75% 76%
May 79% 80% 79 80%
July 79% 80% 79 " : 80%
Corn, No. 2 —
December 63% 64% 63% 64%
May 66% 67% 66% 67%
July 66% 67 66% 60%
Oats, No. 2 — *
December 44% 45% 44% 45%
May 45% 45% 45 45%
July. 39% 40% 30% 40
Mess pork, per barrel — : .
January ..: 16 37% 16 37% 1C 32% 16 32%
May 16 80 16 85 16 67% 16 77%
. Lard, per 100 lbs. — ,
January 9 85 9 87% 9 80 9 82%
May .-.7.-:. 9 82%" 9 85 9 75 " r 0 82%
Short ribs, per 100 lbs. —
January. 8 40 8 40 8 37% 8 40
May 8 55 8 57% 8 50 8 57%
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
Bteady; No. 3 spring wheat, 72@76c; No. 3 red,
80@83c; No. 2 oats, 46%c; No. 2 white, 48«/4@
48%c; No. 3 white, 47%@48%c; No. 2 rye, 63c;
fair to choice malting, 59@62c; No. 1 flaxseed,
$1 46; No. 1 Northwestern, $1 47; prime tim
othy seed, $6 55; mess pork, per bbl, $15 30@
15 40; lard, per 100 lbs, $9 82%@9 85; short
ribs sides (loose), $9 30@9 50; dry salted
shoulders (boxed), 7%@7%c; short clear sides
(boxed), $8 80@S 90; whisky, basis of high
wines, $1 32; clover, contract grade, $9 30. ■
Articles — . Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, bbls ...'. 51,000 37,000
Wheat, bu.............. ..115,000 52,000
Corn, bu 161,000 53,000
Oats, bu. ....215,000 187,000
Kye, bu.... /. . . 11,000 5,000
Farley, bu ....131,000 3,000
On the Produce Kxchange to-day the butter
narket was steady; creameries, 15@24 1 ,io:
lairles, 13y 2 @20y.c. Cheese, steady, 0V*@
L0'/4c Eggs, firm; fresh, 24@25c.
Foreign Futures.
* ■ — ; ■ — : — — — : — : — ■ =<
I Liverpool:
Wheat— ' . v March/ May.
Opening ■ ........;.... Wires deranged.
PARIS. *
Wheat — Dec. Mar. -June.
Opening .22 35 23 00
Closing 22 35 23 00
Flour — . . ' ' " . ■
Opening ................. 27 85 29 05
Closing ..27 85 , 29 05
New York Metal Market.
NEW TORK, Dec. 13.— The local copper
market Is demoralized. The ' Metals Selling
Company reduced prices l@1^4c to-day. The
street looks for a further reduction. • It is said
that the' company has been making contracts
for a great deal of copper at prices even lower
than covered by to-day's reduction, j Everybody
seems ' to be at sea | regarding the future . of
the market. Reports current that the reduc
tion was made as a move in the copper stock
war . were denied by parties who are on the
inside. The decline was evidently made to try
to get prices down to a free selling level, or
In other words to a commercial basis. The
local prices are now as follows: Lake, $15 37%
@15 62 &; electrolytic, $15015 25; casting, $15.
The London copper market fell off 10s to-day,
thus making a new low record for recent years.
Spot and f utnres - were quoted at ' £S2. The
London market for pig tin was unchanged, but
the local market was about }£c higher, closing
at $24 85@25 12>,4. London tin closed with
spot at £109 10s and futures at £103 15s.
Lead was steady, but unchanged here. The
London market was as last quoted at £10 10s.'
At- New York the price - was $1 45. Spelter
was unchanged here at $4 37%. London was
5s better, closing at £16 10s. - Iron was a little
lower, abroad. Glasgow closed at 56s and Mld
dlesboro at 43s l%d. Pig iron warrants, $10 50
®11 50; "No. 1 northern foundry. $15 50@16;
No. 2 foundry. . southern, $14 50©15 50; No.- 1
foundry, southern, $15 60@16'60; No. 1 foundry,
southern, soft. $15@17. * •
New . York Cotton : Market.
NEW YORK, Dec. 13-— Cotton closed steady,
1 point higher to 2 points lower.
Eastern Livestock Market.
CHICAGO, Dec. V 1.3. — CATTLE— Receipts,
3500; 'very dull. 3teady. Good to prime, $6@
7 50; ;i>oor to, medium, $5 75@5 90; stockers
and feeders, ;$2@4 25; jcows, $1@4 15;; heifers,
$1 "T5@5: canners,. $1@2; bulls,' $1 75®4 CO:
calves, $2@5 25; Texas f ed ■ steers, $4 eO©>5 30:
Western/ steers. $3 50Q14 75. ; -V'
• : ; BOGS— Receipts { to-day, 35,000; to-morrow,
2S.O0O; left over. 10.000. Heavy steady: light
lower. Mixed and butchers', $5 80@6 35; pood
to choice heavy, $6 20<@6 60; rough heavy,
$5 75®6; light, $4 75® 5 70; bulk of sales, $5 80
@fi :5:.<~'. . . ... l . ■ \ -
- SHEEP— Receipts,' 12,000. Sheep dull 'and
lower ; .. lambs ,, strong to 10c higher. Good to
choice wethers, $3 50@4; fair to choice mixed,
$2 75@3 40; Western sheep, $3@4; native
lambs, $2 50@5 40; Western, lambs, $2 50@4.
ST. JOSEPH.
ST. JOSEPH, Mo.; Dec. 13.— CATTLE— Re-,
ceipts, 900; steady.. Natives, $3 23@7 25; cows
and heifers, ?1@5 40; veals, $2 50@5 25;. bulls
and stags, |2@6 25; stockers and feeders, $2@
4 25.- >■; .-..■'•■ ' : ■ '' ■■■ ■; . ■ • .. •
HOGS— Receipts. 3500: market steady. Light
and light mixed, $5 50@6 55; mixed and heavy,
?C 10(^6 70; pigs, $3 25@5. T
SHEEP— Receipts, 7. Market steady. ,••'
London Wool Sales.
LONDON, Dec. 13.— The ' offerings at the
wool auction sales- to-day amounted to S761
bales, t There was strong competition for some
superior new scoureds.
Northern . Wheat Market.
OREGON,
PORTLAND. . . Dec. 1 13.— WHEAT— Walla
Walla, 60c; blue stem, 61c; valley, 60c.
WASHINGTON.
TA COMA, Dec. 13.— WHEAT— Half cent
higher. Blue stem. 60c; club, 50c.
Portland's. Business.
PORTLAND. Or., Dec. 13.— Clearings, $570,
095; balances, $32,495.
Foreign -Markets.
LONDON, Dec." 13.— Consols, 92 11-16@92%;
silver, 25 7-16d; French rentes, lOlf 32%c;
cargoes on passage, quiet and steady; cargoes
No. 1 standard California, 30s 3d; cargoes
Walla Walla. 20s 3d; English country markets,
steady at an advance of 6d.
-LIVERPOOL, Dec. 13.— Wheat, quiet; No. 1
standard California, £6 3s %d; wheat In Paris,
quiet: flour in Paris, quiet; French country
markets, quiet but steady; weatn<sr iu Eng
land, stormy.'
LOCAL MARKETS.
Exchange and Bullion.
■ New York Exchange is higher. Sixty-day
bills on London are lower.
Sterling Exchange,. .60 days. .... — $4 83%
Sterling Exchange, sight. — 4 87
Sterling Cables — 4 88
New York Exchange, sight — 02%
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 05
Silver, per ounce — "55
Mexican Dollars, nominal. .../.. 44% ' @ 44%
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT— The foreign markets continued
■weak and there was less steam at Chicago,
though prices \ advanced lc. At the opening
Ne# York and St. Louis sold freely, consider
able' long Wheat was thrown on the market
and in addition there were a good many stop
orders at 79c, below which commission houses
had unlimited orders to buy. Later on the feel
ing changed and St. Louis and New York
bought freely, and the market advanced under
local speculative buying, the Southwest pur
chasing heavily and the shorts covering. St.
Louis reported good foreign buying and the
Chicago crowd appeared to be oversold. The
weather was wet with an extereme cold wave
coming. The Argentine crop showed decided
improvement. '■
This market was higher on call, but un
changed as to shiping descriptions.
Spot Wheat — Shipping. $1 02%; milling,
$1 03%@l 06% per ctl. .
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session — 9": 15 o'clock— May— 14,000
ctls, $106%. .
Second Session — May — 2000 ctls, $1 06%.
Regular Morning Session — May — 1000 ctls,
$107%; 6000. December — 2000, $103.
Afternoon Session— May— 20,000 ctls, $1 07%.
BARLEY — Conditions remain as before, the
market being quiet. Feed, 78%@80c forchoice
bright, 77 %c for No. 1 and 72%@75c for off
grades; brewing and shipping grades, 82%@S5c;
Chevalier, 80c@$l per cental. ;
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock — No sales.
Second Session— No sale;. .
Regular ; Morning • Session — May — 4000 ctls,
80%c. . .■ •. - -•---. • • .
Afternoon Session— May — 1000 ctls. 80%c.
OAT&— The market continues very firm, un
der the conditions reported yesterday. Chicago
reported country offerings small, with good
buying over night. Grays, $1 12%@1 20 for
feed and $1 20@l 25 for seed; whites, $1 15@
1 30; Surprise, $1 30@l 35; black,' 95c@$l 07%
for feed and $1 15@1 22% for seed; red, $1 12%
<gl 20 per ctl for feed and $1 20@l 30 for seed.
CORN — Chicago advanced lc. The Illinois
State report gives the yield of that State at
183,792,000 bushels, or 60 per cent of last year.
This market continues dull and unchanged.
Large yellow. $1 37% @1 42%; small round do.
$137%@142%; white, $135(3142% per ctl.
RYE— 75@80c per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— Quoted at $1 65 per ctl.
Flour and Millstuffs.
FLOUR — California Family Extras, $3 25®
S 50. usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $3 15@3 25;
Ocegon, $2 50@2 75" per barrel for. family and
$2 75@3 for Bakers'; Washington Bakers',
$2 75@3. • ...
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade; Graham
Flour, $3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75; Rye
Meal, $2 50; Rice Flour," $7; Corn Meal. $3 25;
extra cream do, $4; Oat Groats, $5; Hominy,
$4@4 25; Buckwheat Flour, $4@4 25; Cracked
Wheat, $3 50; Farina, $4 50; Whole Wheat
Flour, $3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels), $6 85@
8 35; in sacks, $6 50@8; Pearl Barley, $5;
Split Peas, $5; Green Peas, $6 50 per 100 lbs.
Hay 'and Feedstuff s.
' Feedstuffs rule firm and Hay Is quoted steady
with moderate receiats.
BRAN — $16@16 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS — $17 50@19 per ton.
: FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley, $16@17 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, $27@28; Job
bing, $28 50@29; Cocoanut Cake, $20@21: Corn
Meal. $31©31 50; Cracked Corn, $3160@32;
Mixed Feed. $16@17^ , .
HAY — Wheat, -$9@11;- fancy, ■ $11 60@12;
Wheat and Oat, $8@11; Oat, $7@10; Barley
and Oat, $7@9; Alfalfa, $8@9 50; Clover, $6@7;
Volunteer, $5 50@8; Stock, $5@7 per ton.
STRAW— 30@47%c per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
Beans remain aboutas before quoted, with a
quiet market/
BEANS— Bayos, $2 30@2 40; Small White,
$2 75@3 15; Large White. $2 80@3; Pea, $3 SO
@4; Pink. 51 80®2 10;. Red. $2 50@3; Black
eye, 53 50@3 60; Limas, $4 25@4 50; Red Kid
neys. $3 50@4 per ctL v •
SEEDS— Trieste Mustard. $3@3 15; Yellow
Mustard, $3 25@3 50; Flax, | $2 50@2 75; Ca
nary. 3>4@3%c for Eastern; Alfalfa, from
Utah, 8%c: Rape, 1%@1%c; Hemp, 3%c per lb.
DRIED PEAS— Niles. $1 90@2; Green, ?1 75
@2 25 per ctl.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Notwithstanding . heavy . receipts of. 14,461
sacks of Potatoes, including 7826 from Oregon,
the market was quoted firm, partly on account
of the concentration \ of j supplies along the
river and partly because no more are expected
from Oreeon ! for ten days. Prices . for . some
descriptions are a shade higher. I Oregon Gar
net Chiles sold at $1 35@1 45.' There are a
few shipping orders on the market, but they
are generally for cheap and Inferior stock for
the ' Southwestern States. •
. Onions , continue easy,' with receipts of 1192
sacks from Oregon. There Is still some unsold
carried-over stock offering. ■ . . . .
The cold snap has damaged Vegetables' down
around Los Angeles, and even now some String
Beans from that region are coming In frost
bitten. - . « •
■ POTATOES — S0c@$l 05 for Burbanks from
the river; Salinas Burbanks, ?1 3O@l «K>; Ore
gon Burbanks, $1 15@1 oo ; River Reds, $150®
1 60; Sweets, 35@40c for Rivers and 90c@$l for
Merced. .'
ONIONS— $1 75@2 per ctl ; Oregons, $1 75@2.
VEGETABLES — Green 1 Peas from Los 'An
geles,. 5@7c: String Beans from' Los Angeles
7@10c; Llmas. 2@4c; Cabbage, 40@50c per ctl-
Tomatoes, 25@85c; Los Angeles Tomatoes, ;
Dried Peppers, 10@15c per lb; Dried Okra, 12%
@2Cc per lb; Carrots, 25@35c per sack; Cucum
bers, 35@65c: Pickles. 2% @3c per lb for small
and l@l%c for large; Garlic, 1%@2% c;. Green
Peppers; 40@50c per box for Chill and 50@60c
for Bell; -Egg "Plant "from Los Angeles, 8@10c
per lb; Summer Squash from Los Angeles. $ 1 25
@1 50; Marrowfat Squash, $8@10 per ton; Hub
bard Squash," $8@10; Mushrooms, 5@12ticper
pound. ' ■ -■ ■ ;'<i ■ ' ■■ " . ,
Poultry ' , and Game.
A car of Eastern Poultry came In, making
six " thus ■ far .this 'week. > Arrivals** of . dressed
Turkeys were heavy, being 200 cases, and -the
market for this ; description was weak' In con
sequence. ' Other Poultry was quiet and not
materially changed. • '• - ,
:- Game - also stood . about - the ' same. ■ Arrivals
were 100 sacks. .. . .. •■_;. . .
POULTRY — Dressed Turkeys, 12 y.@l 6c; Live
Turkeys. IT.V^Vi^c for Gobblers and 13@14o
for Hens; Geese, per pair, $150@l 75; Goslings,
$1 75@2; Ducks, $3 50@4 for old and $4 60@
6 50 -for Hens, ; $3 50@4 50;- young
Roosters, "$4@5; .>old.- Roosters, - $3' 5004 50;
Fryers. $40^4 50 ;: Broilers, . $4@4 50 for large
and$3@4 for small; .Pigeons, - $1 25 per dozen
for old and.Sl. f JC@2 for Squabs.
. GAME— Doves, per dozen. $1 ; Hare, $1 25 ;
Rabbits, $1 50 for Cottontails and $1 for Brush;
Mallard, $3; Canvasback. $2@3; Sprig, $2@
2 50; Teal, $1 25; Widgeon, $t 60; Small
Ducks, $125; Black Jack, $1 50; English
Snipe, $2; Jack Snipe, $1 50; Gray Geese. $3 50;
White Geese, $1 50; Brant, $1 50@2 50 per
dozen; Honkers, $3@4 50.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs
.The cold wave has ', already affected both
Butter and Eggs, which. are v firmer at a slight
advance, though the best grades, of both have
been less depressed for several days. Stocks
of : both ara lighter, though there is plenty of
packed Butter still on hand.
fj Receipts were 23,200 pounds of Butter,
pounds of Eastern Butter, 490 cases of Eggs,
cases of Eastern Eggs, 1-1,100 pounds of
Cheese -and 7S)l'0- pounds- of Oregon
Cheese. .. ' ■ ... " ■
BUTTER— Creamery, 2S@25c per 1b for fancy
and 20@22c for seconds; dairy, 17%@21c: store
Butter, 14@17c per lb; Creamery Tub. 20c:
Pickled Roll. 18@19c; Keg, 16@18c per lb.
CHEESE— New, 12c; old, 10Vi@ll#c; Young
America. 13c per lb: Eastern. 13<gll5c. ;.
EGGS — Ranch, 32'£@33c for selected large,
30@32c for good to choice and 27%@29c for
fair; store, 24@27V-c per dozen; cold storage,
20@25c; Eastern, 20@2Uc.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
There is very little new In fruits. The cold
weather operates against the demand. Oranges
are in large supply arid moving slowly. Good
sound Apples and Pears are selling well
enough, but poor and wormy stock continues
dull. • - , : ■-- ■; . • ■■
DECIDUOUS FRUITS.
APPLES — $1 50@2 per box for extra, ■ 75c@
$1 25 for gocd to choice and 25@60c for ordi
nary; Lady Apples, $1 5O@2.
POMEGRANATES — $1 25 per box.
PEARS— Winter kinds, 60c@$2 50 per box.
QUINCES— 40@50c per box.
PERSIMMONS— 25<y75c per box.
STRAWBERRIES— $11 per chest - 'for
Longworths and $1@3 for large berries. -Jj/*
BLACKBERRIES— $8 per chest.
RASPBERRIES — $4@6 per chest. ■ •
CRANBERRIES— Eastern, $10@ll per bar
rel; Coos Bay, $2 75 per. box." • • • *
■CITRUS FRUITS— Navel -Oranges, 75c©$l
for standards, $1@1 25 for choice and $1' 50@2
for fancy; Seedlings, 75c@$l 25: Tangerines,
$1@1 25; Japanese Mandarins, $1@1 25; Lem
ons. 50c@$l_i"or common and $1 50® 2 for good
to choice, and $2 50@3 for fancy; Grape Fruit,
$1@2 50; Mexican . Limes, $3 50@4; Bananas,
$1 7o@2 CO per : bunch for New Orleans and
$1@1 50 for Hawaiian; Pineapples, $3@4 per
dozen. V •■.-:.- ,.-... ...■.' ■ ■■ ' ■ .
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Rahins.
■ New prices for Raisins appear below. The
market is'in good shape, the demand J being'
brisk, jobbers are carrying very light stocks,
and as; there are practically no outside goods
on the coast, all stock being held by the asso
ciation and packers, with less than 50O cars of
all grades on the coast to-day as against more
than 1000 cars on the same date last year the
situation certainly looks strong. •
Prunes continue strong and in active de
mand, with prospects of still higher quotations
later on.
FRUITS— Apricots. 7@8%c for Royals and 8
@13c for standard to fancy Moorparks; Evap
orated Apples, 7@8%c; sun-dried 3%@4%c:
Peaches, 5@7%c; Pears, 4@8c; Plums, pitted.
4%@6c; unpitted. l@2c; Nectarines, 5@5%c for
red and 5%@6%c for white; Figs, 3@3%c for
black. • ' : • " ■
PRUNES — New crop are quoted as follows:
30-40*8, 5%@5%cj 40-50's, 4%@5%c; SO-60'3,
4%@4%c; 60-70's. 3%@4%c; 70-80*8, 3%@3%;
80-90* s. 2%@3%c; 00-100's, 2%@2%c per lb •
RAISINS — (Price per 20-lb box) : Clusters
Imperial. ?3; Dehesa, $2 50; fancy, |1 75;' 4
crown, $1 60; London Layers — Three-crown'
$1 35; two-crown. $1 25. Price per lb; Stand
ard loose Muscatels — Four-crown, 5%"c; fhree
crown, 5%c; two-crown, 4%c; Seedless Musca
tels, 5c; Seedless j Sultanas, 5%c; Thompson
Seedless. 6%c; Bleached Sultanas — Fancy, 8%c;
choice, 7%c; standard, 6%c; prime. 5%c; un
bleached Sultanas, 5c. Bleached Thompson's
Extra fancy, lie; fancy, 10c; choice. 9c; stand,
ard, 7%c; prime, 6%c. Fancy seeded, 7c
choice seeded. 6%c; do in bulk, fancy 651c
choice, 6%c per lb. ' ** '
NUTS — Chestnuts. 10@12%c; Walnuts, No 1
softshell, 9%c; No. 2, 7%c; No. 1 hardshell 9c;
'No. 2, 7c; Almonds, ll@12c for papershell 9
@10c for softshell and 6@7c for hardshell; Pea
nuts, 5@7c for Eastern; Brazil Nuts 12@12%c*
Filberts. 12@12%c; Pecans, ll@13c; # Cocoanuts'
$3 50@5.
* HONEY— Comb. 12@12%c for bright and 10®
11 %c for light amber; water 'white extracted
&@6c; light amber extracted. 4@5c; dark 4c'
BEESWAX— 25@28c per lb. ' 7 '
Provisions.
Chicago was lower again. Outside specula
tors own the major part of the stock there.
The only thing new in the local market Is an
increasing demand for = Bacon. The feeling in
Hams and Lard is firm. : ; - > •
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 12c per lb for
heavy, 12%c for light medium, 13%c for light
14%c for extra light and 15c for sugar-cured
Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 13c; California
Hams, 12%c; Mesa Beef, $10@10 50 per barrel
extra Mess, $11@11 50; Family, $12@12 50 :
prime Mess Pork. $15; extra clear. $22 50@23-
Mess, $18 50@l£>: Smoked Beef. 13%@14c per
pound.-
LARD — Tierces, quoted at 8%c per lb for
compound andll%c for pure; half barrels,
pure, ll%c; 10-lb tins, 12 %c; 5-lb tins. 12% c:
3-lb tins. 12%c. m
COTTOLENE: — One half-barrel, 10%c; three
half-barrels. 10c; one tierce. 0%c; two tierces
9%c; five tierces, 9%o. per lb.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about l%o" under quotations.' Heavy salted
Steers, lie; medium. 10c; light. 9%c; Cow
Hides, 9%c for heavy and 9@9%c for light;
Stags. 7c; Salted Kip, 9%c; Salted Veal, »%c;
Salted Calf. 10c; Dry Hides, 16%c; Culls, 14c;
Dry Kip, 15c; Dry Calf. 18c; Culls and Brands.
15c; Sheepskins, shearlings, 15@30c each; short
Wool, 40@60c each; medium; 60@85c; long.
Wool. 80c@$l 10 each; Horse Hides, salt.
$2 50@2 75 for large and $2@2 25 for medium,
$1 75 for small and 50c for Colts; Horse
Hides, dry, $1 75 for large. $1 25@1 50 for me
dium, $1 25 for small and 50c for Colts. Deer
skins — Summer or red skins, 35c; fall- or me
dium skins, 30c; winter or thin eklns, 20c
Goatskins— Prime Angoras. 75c; large and
smooth. 50c; medium. 35c.
TALLOW — No. 1 rendered. 6c per 1b; No. 2,
4%i@5c; grease, 3c. •
WOOL — Spring. 1900 to 1901 — Southern, de
fective, 7 months, 7@8c; Oregon Valley fine
13@15c; do, medium and coarse, ll@13c; Ore
gon, Eastern, choice. ll@13c; do. fair to good.
9@llc; Nevada. 10@12c.
Fall — San Joaquin. 6%@8%c; San Joaquln
Lambs'. 7%@9c: Middle County, 8@10ct North
ern Mountain, free. 9@10c; do, defective, 8@9c
per lb.
HOPS— 0@10o for fair and ll@12c per lb for
good to choice.
San Francisco Meat Market.
Although the packers are using fewer Hogs
than for some time, several houses have raised
their bids for 'stock, thus forcing the other
houses to I follow suit, and quotations are a
fraction higher in consequence. . Other meats
are unchanged. • • . • •
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows: .
BEEF — 7@7%c for Steers and 6©6%o per lb
for Cows. ,'■ '
: VEAL— Large. 7@8V4c: small, 8®Oc per lb. : '
MUTTON— Wethers, 7%<S8c; Ewes, 7c per lb.
LAMB— 8@9c per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs, from 150 to 250 lbs, 5%@
5%c: under 150 lbs. 5V4@598c; sows, 20 per cent
off; boars, 30 per cent off and stags 40 per cent
off from the above quotations; dressed Hogs
7@8%c. , .. v . .. . ' ■■' ... - ',. . . .
General Merchandise.
' GRAIN BAGS — Calcutta Grain Bags. 7c': Io»
cal make. *4c less than Calcuttas; Wool Bags.
32® 35c; Fleece Twine, 7%@8c. . .
COAL— Wellington. |9 per ton; Southfleld
Wellington, $9; Seattle, J7; Bryant, $6 50; Coos
Bay.' $5 50: Wallsend, $8 50; Co-operative Walls
end, $8 50; Cumberland. $12 In bulk and $13 25
in sacks: Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg. $15;
Cannel, $11 per ton;, Coke, $15 per ton in bulk
and $17 In sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions.
$8 45 per 2000 lbs and $8 50 per ton. according
to brand. ■ ' .
Harrison's circular says: "During the week
there have been the following deliveries of coal -
Ten from Washington, 24,734 tons; three from
British Columbia, 6195 tons; two from Oregon
1150 tons; total 32,079 tons. Notwithstanding
the few arrivals from British Columbia, the
quantity received is ample for "our Immediate
needs A few cargoes of good domestic fuel
would ; find ready sale at a. profit, but steam
coal is offered by importers -at less than cost
without finding buyers. This is attributable
to the Inroads of fuel oil Into the market as a
steam producer, as it proves to be. more easily
handled, delivered as . needed and costs much
less than coal. The annual import 3 of coal
this year will compare favorably with last" Its
consumption will not. fall off more than about
10 per cent, notwithstanding there will be dis
placed fully one million tons of coal by other
fuel. As . there is no other article In general
use which evidences prosperity so markedly as
fuel.' we may feel- assured of this year havinc
proved Itself an exceptionally profitable one in
the manufacturing lines, and the earmarks are
very evident that all our industrials for lwr»
will be equally so. ■-.-■■ »
••For the past few days there have been ru
mors of labor disturbances at the Wellington
collieries, : which may materialize Into' a strike
of some proportions through sympathy •' ■
OILS— California Castor Oil, In cases' No 1
70c; pure. $1 20; Linseed Oil. m barrels', boiled'
fiuc: raw, 6T5c; cases. '5c more; Lucol 56c for
boiled and 54c for raw In barrels; Lard Oil
extra' winter strained, barrels. 85c- cases JW--
Chlna Nut, R5@72o per. gallon; pure Neatsfttot.*
in barrels, 70c; cases, 75c; Sperm nure 65c-
Whale Oil. natural white. 40@45c'per rallon"
Fish Oil. barrels. 37%c; .cases. «&/• C?oco£:
nut Oil. barrels. 63%c for Ceylon and 58%c
for Australian. ■. fort^
I3%c; Pearl Oil. - in • cases. . 20c: ; Astral 20c*
Star. 20c; Extra Star, 24c; Elaine. 25c; EoccmI
22c; deodorized stove Gasoline, in bulk, 15c 7 in
cases. 21 %c; Benzine, In bulk, 14c; in cases,
2014c: 8C-degree Gasoline, In bullr. 20c; la
cases; 26}jc. , -'-*"..
TURPENTINE — 58%e per gallon • la case*
and 52c in drums and iron barrels,
local use and $42®43 for export.
SUGAR — The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, per 1b, in 100-lb bags:
Cubes. Crushed and Fine Crushed, 5.30c:
Powdered. 5.15c; Candy Granulated. 5.15c:
Dry Granulated. 5.05c; Confectioners' A. 5.05c;
Fruit Granulated. 5.05o; Beet Granulated. (100
lb bags only). 4.95c; Magnolia A. 4.65c; Extra
C 4.55c; Golden C. 4.45c; D. 4.35c: barrels, 10<j
more; half- barrels. 23c more: boxes. 50c more:
50-lb bags. 10c more. No orders taken for leas
than 75 barrels or its equivalent. Dominos.
half -barrels. 5.55c; boxes. 5-SOc per lb.
_____
Receipts of Produce.
FOR FRIDAY. DECEMBER 13L
Flour, qr -sks.r. 25.2K4 Mustard, ska .. 61 1
Wheat, ctls 13.330 Buckwheat, ska. 41
Barley, ctls .... 2,:C!0 Brandy, gals .. «.2T>0
Corn, ctls 840 Wine, gals ..... 39.650
Beans, sks .... 1.055 Lime, bbls ..... ,317
Potatoes. sk3 .. 5,«;2.'» Shorts, sks .... 60t>
Onions, sks .... 104 Leather, rolls . > 50
Bran, sks . 2,935 Pelts, bdls . .'HV>
Middlings, sks.. 1,201 Hides, No ..... 433
Hay, tons 215 Ouicksilver. flsk L S»
Straw, tons .... 5 Chicory, bbls ... - 25
Powder, car ... 1 Tallow, ctls ... 27!>
Wool, eks 57 Sugar, ctls 1,205
. OREGON.
Flour, qr sks... 5,702 Bran, sks .3,610
Onions, sks 1,1 :>2 Shorts, sks .... 6»_^L
Potatoes, sks .. 7.820 Wool, bales ... *^^^
Oats, ctls 3.050 '. ' : \
FAMILY RETAIL MARKET.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs are unchanged, but
the - cold weather la advancing the wholesale
prices.. . ■ ■ - .■ ;
. . Poultry. Meats and Game stand about th»
same as last week, though Turkeys and some '
Wild Ducks are cheaper.
There are now very few summer fruits on
the market and they do not meet 'with much
call owing to the cold weather. Reports from
the southern part of the State indicate serious
damage to summer vegetables by frost.
j> Coal, per ton — , .... . ..
Cannel ....$ @13 00 Sbutbfleld '
Wellington — — 011 CO Wellington $ — 11 00
Seattle....— — @ O 00 Coos Bay... — @ T 00
Dairy. Produce,, etc- — .
Butter, choice, sq — @50 Ranch -Eggs, per -
Do, good . . . . . . 40@45 dozen 35ig'40
Packed, per lb..25@ — Eastern Egga — <qm
Cheese. -Cal 15(317 Honey Comb, per
Cheese* Eastern.. 17@2O pound ...v 15@2O
Cheese, Swiss 20@35 Do, extracted.. 8@10
Common Eggs... — @30
Meats, per pound —
Bacon 14®18| Round Steak 10SJ—
Beef, choice 12@15 Sirloin Steak 12®—
Do, good 10<a — Tenderloin do 15® — '
Corned Beef. 10(3' — Porterhouse dal7VS<a2O
Ham 15@17 Smoked Beet.... 11 @M
Lard ...;...— ©loi Pork, salt ,10@12Vi
Mutton ... .*. 8@10'Pork Chops. . .t..— 013
Lamb 10®12IPork Sausages.l2i4'ffil5i_
Pork, fresh 15@ — IVeal 12@— BP
Poultry- and Game — \ Jf
Hens, each 50@75. English Snipe.
Young Roosters. I per dozen... $3 00#—
each ... i ..65c@$l!Jack Snipe.. ..$1 75@ —
Old Roosters. ea.50®65; Mallard. pr..75c@Sl 0O ■
Fryers, each 50<@«5i Canvasback, per
Broilers, each. ..50065! pair 75c@$l 25
Turkeys, per lb. 15020 Sprig, per pair. ..50®75
Ducks,. each 75c@$l Teal, per pair. . .40030
Geese, each.$l 5001 75 Widgeon, pair.. .50® —
Pigeons, pair. . . .40@50 Small Duck, pr. .3S&W
Squabs., per. pair.— ®50 Wild Geese, per
Doves, per dz.— <g$l 25 1 pair 75c0$l 00
Rabbits, each ... 15@20 ; Brant, each ..... 23025
Hare, each.. — @20i —»«—
Fruits and Nuts —
Alligator Pears, iLdmea, dozen 010
" «"* • 25@50,Lemons, dozen. .20030
Almonds 15020 Oranges, doz 20@60
Apples 3@ 5 Pears, lb 80121,.;
Pecans — @20 Pineapples, ea... 30050
Brazil Nuta. 2O@— Pomegranates, pr
Bananas, doz.... 15025 dozen 4"0®5O
Blackberries, dr. — 075 Persimmons, doz 0"O
Cranberries, qt..— 015J Quinces, per lb.. 3® 5
Cocoanuts. each. — ©10i Raisins, per lb 5®"15
Chestnuts, per lb.la®20 Raspberries. dwr4O075
Figs, per lb — @25 Strawberries, per \_
Grapes, per lb..8@12M! drawer ....... 4O07S
Grape Fruit, per Walnuts, per lb.— 013
dozen 75c@$l 00 **
Vegetables —
Artichokes. doz.75c@$l Okra. dried, lb. .— <R40
Beets, dozen 10® — Potatoes, pr lb..2®2U
Beans, white, lb. 60— Parsnips, per dz.lO@— •
Colored, per lb. 50— Radishes, dozen
Dried Lima, lb. 6® 8 bunches 15®"0
Green Lima, lb 8@10 Sweet Potatoes,
Cabbage, each... 5® — per lb 29 3 Tj
Celery, head.;... 5<S — Sage, doz bnch».25@3O '
Cress, dz bnchs..20@30 String Beans, per 1
Cucumbers, doz. 15020 pound .... 1O01"'*
Egg Plant, lb.. 12^015 Summer Squash.
Garlic^. 40- 6 per pound — @13
Green Peas, lb.— @12% Sprouts, per lb. .. 6@ 3
Green Peppers.lb 6©1O Spinach, per lb . 5®~
Lettuce. per doz-15®20 Thyme, dz bchs.23«r,0
Leeks, dz bchs.. 15020 Turnips, per doz. 100—
Mushrooms, lb... 13040 Tomatoes, per lb. 6® 8
Onions, per lb.2&@3^
Flsn — " §'^
Carp _@ 8, Sea Baas .\_<3_
fatflsvi ...10@— Smelts 12V.@15
Codfish 12015 Solea ..8010
Flounders ..... ..— © 10 Skates, each..... 8010
Halibut 12#@15 Squid — <©—
Herring ........ 80 — Tomcod 12U®15
Mackerel 15@— Turbot 15<S-.25
Do. horse. .....10® — Trout ©.
Perch 8010 Brook Trout.....^0—
Pompino ..;..... 40050 Whiteflsh ...... .10®—
Kockeod 12%015 Clams, gallon. ...500—
Rockflsh 10012^ Do. hardshell,
Salmon, fresh.. 12%®15 per pound 8®1O
Do, smoked 15025 Crawfish .. .. 8®1O
Sardines ....... .10<Sr— Crabs, each. ..12%®13
Shrimps — 010 Mussels, quart...— 0- 6
I . i'iCL**" 100— Oysters, Cal, 100.40030
Striped Bass...l2%@lS Do. Eastern,dz.25@40
STOCK MARKET.
Business continued dull on the morning »es
sion of the Bond Exchange, with an advance
in Alaska Packera to $163. In the aftemooa
the stock sold at fl66!g>165 75. The oil stocks t
were dull and featureless. ■■' \i
The assessment of 5c on Bay City OH falls \ 1
delinquent on the board on the 22d. >'
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
FRIDAY. Dec. 13—2 p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask. i Bid. Ask.
4s quar cp..H2%113%|4s qr c (new)139%140
4s quar reg.111%112% 3 8 quar coup.108^ —
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bay CPC 5a.l08%103% Oceanic 5s.. — 105
S'n'w't-flJ? 14 " Omb«sC 63.130 -
S/V^L!?' 111 — PacGIm4 9 . — 06
Ed L. & P. 6a. — — Pk&C H 6s — 113
Fer&C H 6s.l20 - Pk&O R etm _
"jMJ-ith.. — 100 Powl-st R 6b. 118% 120 -
H C&S 5%s. — — Sac EGR 5». 95& —
Do 6s — 101 SF* & SJV53.123 1"4
L,Ang R 53.118 119% Sierra Cal 6s — —
L A Lght 6s. lOlU I— S P of Ar 6s
Do gtd 6a.l00 — (1909> 113ti —
Do gtd 5s. — .104 <1010)
I*A&P5s.O9 — SPof Cal 6s
Do lcm. 5s. 101 103 <1905)Sr A.108U109
Mkt-st C 63.127%128% (1905)Sr B.108% -
Do lcm 63. — 12! (1906) 11094110%
N R Cal 6s. - 110 (1912) ... 120 _
Do 5s.....l21%122& S P Cat 1st
5 S a , c £ ?*- 107% ,T7 c *"*<* 5s..l09 _
N_ Cal R 5s. — 115 S P BrCal6».13« —
Oak Gas 5s. 113 — S V Wat 63.11H1113
Oak Tran 63.124^126 Do 4a. _ 105
_Do 1st c5s.H0% — Do 4s 3d in — 101U
Oak W g 53.104 105 Stkn Gas 6s. 102 — .
, WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa 75 76 (Port Costa.. 83^ 66
Marin Co 58 — . I Spring Vally. 87 8."%
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Eqt O I, Co. 3% 4 Sacramento . — 40 .
Mutual ..... — SV* S F G A E 43*4 43«i
O G L & H. 51 ~'isan Fran. .'. s£ -+ V
Pac Gas Im. 3»% 41 IStktn O & E 8 — I A
INSURANCE. ;./■-»
Firem's Fnd.242 - j
BANKS.
Anglo-Cal .. — 81 ILP& A.. .160 —
California ..412%42O Mer i^t (iiq). 18% _ .
Cal Safe Dp.no — s F Natlonl.130 —
First Natal.. 330 330 I
SAVINGS BANKS.
Sr*" 11^?^"- 1925 200 ° ' Sav * L 0 * 11 - — 90
Humboldt .. — — Security Sav.315 —
¥ K U iU Sa u;: 5 2l "I i™? n Tr,t~18O0 ~
. STREET RAILROADS.
California ..149 — .Market 8W. K>
Geary ...... — 50% Presidio 32»i —
POWDER.
Giant »4 86 JVigorit 4%. 4T
SUGAR.
Hana .. 3*4 5 [Kilauea 9& 11
Hawaiian ... 34 40 Makawell ... 24 U 25
Honokaa ... 10U lO'.i Onomea 22U "
Hutchlnson . 14 15 I Paauhau 10 1G',4
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska Pack.l64%lB7% Oceanic S C. 45 50
Cal Fruit As. — 100 Pac A F A . 2% —
Cal Wine As. 87% 8» Pac C Borax. 165 IKS
Mer Exchge.llo — Par Paint... 15 —
Morning Session.
Board —
10 Alaska Packers' Association .. 105 00
$5000 Bay Counties Power Co 5s 108 50
10 California Safe Deposit... "*110 00
10 California Wine Association ...I! 88 Oo -
SO Hawaiian Commercial and Suear 84 oo iV
25 Pacific Coast Borax. 165 oo * ¥
210 San Francisco Gaslight 5 25 «F
Street— . --.■.""
10 Pacific Coast Borax. ...165 00
Afternoon Session. *
■ -.;■■ Board — . '
10 Alaska Packers' Association. .... 166 OO
Continued on Paee Thirteen.LAYING OF CORNERSTONE WILL
MARK ANNIVERSARY CELEBRATION
Sacred Heart Parish Prepares to Honor Pastor Who Has Guided
Members a Quarter of a Gentury and Select Day as Appro
priate for the Ceremony at Site of New House of Worship
OAKLAND. Dec. 13.— In celebration
of the silver anniversary of Sa
cred Heart parish the cornerstone
of the new church, which Is In
course of construction on For
tieth street, near Grove, will be laid Sun
day afternoon at 3 o'clock. Archbishop P.
4 VT. Riordan of San Francisco will of-
J^nciate, with the assistance of the Catholic
clergy from both sides of the bay.
The event will be made the occasion for
a dual church festival, for on the day se-
Jected the parish will celebrate twenty
five years of life and the quarter-century
of service of its pastor, the Rev. Law
rence Serda.
The church members selected the anni
versary day as particularly appropriate
for the cornerstone laying, because the
SABIN RETURNS
FROM CHICAGO
Tells of Improvements
in the Telephone
System.
John I. Sabin. who left this city last
.April to assume the presidency of the
Telephone Company. arrived
Lome last night to spend Christmas with
his family. During his official career in
the Windy City President Sabin succeeded
in effecting many important improve
ments in the Chicago telephone system.
I'Tider his supervision the system was
greai.lv extenaed and the conaition of the
operators improved. He will return to
Chicago after Christmas.
In speaking of the Chicago telephone
system last nigbt President Sabin taid:
The Chicago telephone field Is unsurpassed
ty any in the United fetates. There are 40,wo
lihones in use there at present and prepara
tions have been made lor increasing that num
ijf.r to lOU.OUO within the next two year*. In
the Chiearo and Central Union Telephone £>•»
ttms wttnln the last teven months there lias
been a. net gain ot 3O,UOO telephones, or an
increase equal to the entire number of phone*
in ut>e in ban Francisco.
I have 2W),0<jO stations under my charge;
1 10 feOO on the Pacific Coast. 50,000 In the Chi
cago Company and IOO.OOu In the Central Union
Conpeoy. 'Abe iatter company has its Held
in Illinois. Indiana and Ohio.
The service in Chicago it. unexcelled. Vie
naturally look after the welfare of our operat
ors as it is through them that the company
comee in contact with the public. I regard
the expansion of the telephone as bounded unly
by the education of the people. In Chicago
we are introducing the telephones into restau
rants and other public places. I believe the
time will come when the phone will be con
bldered indispensable Uj a home or to a busi
ness bouse.
I'eople are sraduallj- beingr educated up to
llie etiquette of the telephone. When the
Mcycie and the automobile first made their
Bppearanceg people did not know how to re
ceive them. They did not know what rights
•« w8j- to assign to them on the public etreets.
£■ as the public became accustomed to these
'7n\iern Improvements in locomotion ;t learned
the proper way to treat them. So It will be
with the telephone. The time will come when
a patron will not think of making a poor tel
ephone trirl'm life miserable becauae the hap
pen* to inake a mistake in a switch. He will
treat h«r as politely as he would a girl whu
eerves him in a store.
In Chicago we make 600,000 switches in a
day and only about 500 mistakes are made.
Considering the vast number of switches that
are made I think that it is marvelous that eo
few mistakes ere made. The record is about
b* near perfection a* man can make it.
MEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
STERILIZED^ BARBER SHOP.
A Famous Shop in' the Carrollton
Hotel, Baltimore, Maryland^.
The barber shop in the Carrollton Hotel,
Baltimore, sterilizes everything it uses in
the shop. The sterilizing Is done by heat.
The towels, the razors, the strops, the
soap, the combs and brushes are all
sterilized before being used on a custom-
er. Where there la no sterilization have
**j» barber use Newbro's Herplclde. It
V\v£s the dandruff germ, and it Is an antJ-
mptic for the scalo, and for the face
after shaving. All leading barbers every-
where appreciate these potent facts about
Herplcide and they use it. "Destroy the
cause, you remove the effect."
new edifice is to supplant one that was
destroyed by fire four years ago. The
pastor hap been working ever since to se
curt a new house of worship that shouM
be commensurate with the needs of his
flock, and he Is particularly grateful that
the ceremony of laying the cornerstone
shall be observed on the day he shall
have rounded out twenty-five years of
active service in the parish.
The exercises will take place at 3
o'clock. An hour before that the Catho
l\c societies of this city will leave St.
Francis de Sales Church to march in sol
emn procession to the site of the new edl
nce. The organizations which will take
part are the Societa da Christoforo Co
lombo. League of the Cross Cadets. St.
Patrick s Alliance. Young Men's Institute
Ancient Order of Hibernians. Catholic
KnJJyhts of America and the junior rank
of the Young Men's Institute. The band
of the Italian society will head the pro-
• NOTICE TOJ'ATRONS.
Owing to the large size of ' The
Call's Christmas Edition to be issued
Sunday, December 15, and the great
volume of extra advertising already
received, no advertisements of any
description will be accepted for pub-
lication in that issue after 9:30
p. m. Saturday. The Christinas
Call will . be the largest, finest and
most elaborately illustrated holiday
edition published on the Pacific Slope.
Send a copy to your Eastern friends.
Beady for mailing 5 cents per copy.
NATIVE DAUGHTERS' BAZAAR
OPENS IN PIONEEE HALL
Members of • Local Parlors Act a?
Salesladies in Many Attractive
Booths. «
The Xative Daughters* bazaar, given
under the auspices of the local parlors
for the purpose of raising funds with
which to entertain the grand ofneere and
delegates to the Grand Parlor that is to
meet in this city next year, was opened
In Pioneer Hall last night. The several
booths are prettily arranged and filled
with articles suited for Christmas and
New Year gifts.
The apron booth is in charge of Buena
Vieta. Parlor; the fortune telling booth in
charge of Darina Parlor: souvenir cush
ion booth in charge of the general com
mittee, and the refreshment booth in
charge of Minerva and Golden State par
lore. The grab-bag is in charge of Oro
Fino and Orinda parlors, -while the art
gallery is In charge of La Estrella par
lor. - The fancy articles booth is in charge
of Alta Parlor and the icecream booth is
looked after by Sans Souci Parlor. The
fish pond is in charsre of Calaveras and
Minerva parlors, while the candy booth is
in charge of Yosemite Parlor. The gen
eral assortment booth is in charge of
Fremont Parlor.
There was a good attendance for the
first night and the booths were liberally
patronized. During the evening there
was a programme of dancing and be
tween numbers visits were paid to those
who were acting in the capacity of sales
ladies.'
The bazaar will continue to-night and
Monday night. Mrs. H, M. Greene is
chairman of the general committee, Miss
Lizzie Douglaes secretary and Mrs. Min
nie Kalloch treasurer.
Aconite Kills Cigar-Dealer.
E. E. Van Inwegen, one of the owners
of a cigar 3tand at the southeast corner
of Kearny and Pine streets, died suddenly
yesterday from the effects of what is be
lieved to be an overdose of aconite which
he had been taking for an affection of
the heart. His partner, E. C. Reene,
went to the stand at 8:30 yesterday morn
ing and found Inwegen sitting in a chair
In the back room unconscious. A physi
cian who I was summoned -worked upon
Inwegen until 11 o'clock, when the un
conscious man died. He was 40 years old,
unmarried and resided : at 417 Stockton
street. An Inquest will be held.
Twice Attempts Suicide.
Herman Valbracht, who. tried to put an
end to his life last month while in the
German Hospital by severing an artery
in his wrist and afterward by swallow*
ing a dose of carbolic acid, made another
attempt at suicide yesterday. He Went
out among the hills at Forty-third ave
nue and opened an artery in his wrist
•with a razor and took a dose of carbolic
acid. He was discovered struggling from
the effects of the I poison and was taken
to the Central Emergency Hospital, where
prompf action saved his life. ; He will be
examined by the Insanity Commissioners
to-day.
THE SAN PKANCISCO OALL, SATURDAY, DECEMBER ] 4, 1901.
NEW SACRED HEART CHURCH
AS IT WILL LOOK WHEN COM
PLETED, AND ITS PASTOR. .
cession. At Sacred Heart Hall Cath
olic Ladies' Aid Society No. 1 and the
Children of Mary Sodality will join the
marchers.
The sermon will be preached by the
Rev. Father Lagan of San Francisco.
The copper box which will be set in the
etone will contain the programme of ex
ercises, the names of the. organizations
which take part and the names of the
pastor of Sacred Heart parish and his as
sistant, the Rev. Bernard J. Praught.
The new church structure will cost $30,
000. It is being constructed of blue Colusa
sandstone. The gross floor dimensions are
148x63 feet. The plan is cruciform and the
architecture is of the Romanesque. The
main entrance will be on Grove street.
On the main floor there will be seating
facilities for 700 persons.
,u Sac « e ?, Heart P arish w as organized by
the division of old St. Mary's parish the
Rev. Father Serda being transferred from
that parish to be pastor of the new one
Jn addition to the old church, which was
mysteriously destroyed by lire November
24, 1837. the parish built up a school for
Rirls, conducted by the Sisters of the Holy
Names of Oakland Convent of the Sacred
Heart. There is also a school for boys
conducted by the Christian Brothers. Be
sides this the parochial residence is a sub
stantial building, and the Sacred Heart
Hall is another of the edifices wheih com
prise the parish headquarters.
Since the fire the congregation has been
worshiping in a temporary wooden build
ing, patiently awaiting: the time when
they might again have a church of sub
stantial proportions. •
The ladles of the parish have been par
ticularly active in the work of securing
the money which was necessary to start
tne new edifice.
MANY CITIZENS
MUST TESTIFY
Prosecution Gets Unwill
ing Witnesses in
Liquor Cases.
BERKELEY. Dec. ll-The "mile limit"
aw will receive another test to-morrow
in the case of the People vs. W J Ache'
son, charged with selling into^cating
liquor within one miles of the State Uni
versity. The trial is attracting wide In
terest, because the temperance forces o'
this city are back of the prosecution and
have secured the evidence which led to
the arrest.
The case, like the others on the calen
dar, will have its humorous side. Some
twenty-five citizens have been summoned
by the prosecution to testify as to the
kind of beverages they have received at
the defendant's place of business, the
Acheson Hotel. A venire of thirty-tlvi
o^s 3 a S t d ir o^c b o e k PreSent M^B
Phil M. Walsh, Chief Deputy District
Attorney of this county, will conduct the
prosecution. Former State Senator H. \\
Morehouse will be associated with him u»
special counsel in the employ of the tem
perance people Attorney Richard Lloyd
lormer Marshal of -this city, will reiV"c
sent the' defense. The case will be tried
before Justice Robert Edgar.
r AN- AMERICAN COHGEESS
FA VOBS A BBANCH BANK
Eon. John Barrett /Presents the
Claims of San Francisco to the
. Delegates.
An effort is being made to have a
branch of the proposed Pan-American
bank established In this city. According
to a resolution approved ' by the Pan-
American Congress a bank will be estab
lished in New York City devoted to the
commercial interests of North, Central
and South America. The directors of the
Pacific Commercial Museum, realizing the
importance to Sari Francisco of such an
establishment, have invited the attention
of the members of the Pan-American
Congress to the great amount of business
transacted between the cities of the Pai
cine Coast and these countries and have
asked for the establishment of a branch
of the institution here. ■ Eugene Good
win, a director of the Pacific Commer
cial Museum, wrote to Hon. John Bar
rett, United States delegate to the con
gress.-and requested him to secure if
possible, an amendment to the resolution
so as to provide for a San Francisco
branch of the Pan-American bank
a reply was received from Barrett ves
terday. He_ writes that h« presented the
matter to the body and that it is his be
lief that the congress will act favorably
on the amendment. *
Held for Bobbery.
William Grissett was held to answer be
fore the Superior Court by Judge Ca
baniss yesterday on the charge of rob
bery in $1000 bonds. He held up John
Badnastz, a miner from British Columbia
on Howard street, between Third' and
Fourth, early Thursday morning and
took $2 -from him. Badnastz held on to
him till Policeman P. J. Mitchell arrived
Percy Schrejner, a bartender who was
arrested the same lime as an accessory,
was released.
FUGITIVE SAILS
FROM VERA CRUZ
Advices Report Fleish
man to Be on Gulf
of Mexico.
Dispatches 1 Say That He Is
En Route to Republic
of Honduras.
Special Dispatch to The CaH.
LOS ANGELES, Dec. 13.— While local
detectives who have charge of. the searcu
for Henry J. Fleisljman. the absconding
cashier of the Farmers' and Merchants'
Bank, are maintaining secrecy regarding
the progress of their quest, it leaked out
to-night that advices have been received
that the fugitive is now well on his way
down the coast to some Central or South
American port. Rumor has it that these
advices are official and that the cashier
was traced aboard a steamship leaving
Vera Cruz for the south. His destination
is presumed to be Honduras, between
which republic and the United States
there is no extradition treaty. As ii is
likely that. Fleishman posted himself in
regard to extradition treaties and other
conditions while planning his flignt, and
as his destination was at first believed to
be Vera Cruz, to-night's report lincis ready
belief.
, The statement that Fleishman has
sailed from Vera Cruz does not conflict
with the known facts concerning his Jour
ney, It is not likely that, after he met
and was recognized by Mr. Bhanks, he
would continue on to Guadalajara,' as ne
said he would. Had he gone on to Guad
alajara he would have reached there on
Wednesday morning. If he turned at
Aguas Catiente* and made connections
for Tamplco or Vera Cruz he could have
reached the former, port on Wednesday
evening and the latter the following day.
There are at least seven lines of steam
ers sailing from Tampico, but Fleishman's
friends believe he would have kept away
from that port, as there are a number of
Angelenos living there and Fleishman
was well aware of this factt
EL PASO. Tex., Dec. 13.— Fleishman,
the absconding Los Angeles cashier, was
due to leave Guadalajara to-day by stage
for Tepic had he followed his original
plan. Three stages per week- run from
Guadalajara to Tepic, and from the latter
place he was expected 1 to go by boat to
the seaport town of -
Officers here are thoroughly convinced
that Fleishman is in Mexico, but the
Chief of Police expresses the opinion that
the Los Angeles authorities are not anxi
ious to apprehend the fugitive. As an
evidence of this he oites the fact that he
has not yet been officially notified to ar
rest Fleishman, except -by a detective
agency in San FranciscoJ Not one word
has come to him from the Los Angeles
Chief of Police. Constable Thomas Ben
dy, who proposed to pursue and capture
Fleishman if his expenses ■were paid, re
ceived a telegram to-day saying that a
reward had been posted, but no mention
was made of the expense money.
DIRECTOR MARK ADMITS
THAT HE IS PREJUDICED
Director C. W. Mark of the Board of
Education admitted to Judge Hunt yes
terday that he had made the remark ac
credited to him by Stephen V. Costello
concerning the sanity of Miss Mary C.
McKinney and informed, the court that
he would not participate in the trial of
the lady onvthe charges preferred against
her by the principal of the school where
she taught. On this condition Judge Hunt
dismissed the writ of restraining the
Board of Education from trying Miss
McKinney, which was obtained on an af
fidavit accusing Mark of prejudice. • ■ •
The application for a writ of mandate
made by Miss Jean Dwyer, who was sus
pended from her position in the John
Sherman School because the principal of
the school' accused her of having an un
governable temper, compelling the Board
of Education to restore her to duty pend
ing her trial on the charge, was heard
by Judge Seawell yesterday. Miss Dwyer
testified that she was summoned from her
classroom July 22 by the principal anfl
notified that she was suspended. Judge
Seawell took the case under advisement
Postage on Christmas Edition.
The great Christmas edition of The
Cali, issued December 15, 1901, con
tains 70 pages and will weigh 17
ounces. The rates of postage on this
edition will be as follows:
Domestic 5 cents ■
, Foreign 9 cents
Lincoln Monument Fund.
The committee in charge of the Lincoln
monument fund has under consideration
a proposition to secure a elte on the sum
mit of Twin Peaks and converting the
same Into a park, to be ornamented in
the center with a large monument In
commemoration of Abraham Lincoln. The
matter has been considerably discussed.
and at a meeting: held yesterday the pre
liminary steps were taken to arrange for
a number of entertainments for the pur
pose of adding to the monument fund.
: The committee received an offer from
the Caldwell College of Oratory and Act
ing to furnish all the talent required to
produce a drama entitled "The Tigress "
The offer was accepted and the drama
will probably be presented in Odd Fel
lows' Hall on the afternoon of Christmas
and repeated in the evening. The proceeds
will go to the monument fund.
Harriman Orders Improvements.
The result of Chief Engineer Hood's
flying trip to New York was made public
yesterday, when it was announced that
the Southern ■ Pacific Company was pre
pared to receive bids for the straighten
ing of seventy-Ih'e miles of the Central
Pacific Railroad track east of Wadsworth
Nev. Engineer Hood went to New York
with Julius Kruttschnitt several weeks
ago and had a conference with President
Harriman. It is supposed that Hood then
advised Harriman -that, the only possible
way for shortening the time between
here and Ogden v/as by straightening the
track. This Is one of Harriman's first
steps toward improvement, and it Is' ru
mored that many others are to follow.
Tabes His Lifo While Intoxicated.
Edward' J. Shanlcy, a seafaring mm
recently discharged from the . gteamV r
Alameda. committed suicide. early yester
day morning in the Adelphia House, U09
Kearny street, by shooting himself in the
head. Shanley retired to his room in an
intoxicated condition and shortly after
ward a pistol shot was heard. The door
of the room was forced open and Shanlev
was found lying across the bed with -\
revolver clutched in his right handund
a. bullet -wound in his temple.
Shanley was shot and severely wounded
in the back two years ago during a Quar
rel with-W. Cordes in a Pacific-street
dive. It was thought at the time that h<
would not recover. He had been drinkimr
heavily of late. «•
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
. DOMESTIC FORTS.
SAN DIEGO — Arrived Dec 13— Stmr State
of California, rrom San Francisco. l
. Sailed Dec 13— Stmr St Denis, for Ensenada
stmr State of California, for San Francisco
PORTLAND— Arrived Dec 13— Bark Jean
Bart, from St Nazalre: ship Tarnenbek, from
Hamburg; stmr Knight Companion, from Yo
kdhama. - - '
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived Dec 13
Stmr San Mateo, : from Nanaimo.
ASTORIA— Sailed Dec 13— Stmr Chico. for
San Francisco. .
OCEAN STEAMERS.
GLASGOW— Arrived Dec 13 — Stmr Buenos
Ayrean, from New York. ■
LIVERPOOL— Arrived Dec 13— Stmr New
England, from Boston. Owins to unfavorable
weather did not. touch at Queenstown.
GENOA — Arrived Deo .13 — Stmr Trave. from
New York, via Gibraltar and Naples.'
SUEZ — Arrived Deo 13— Stmr Yangtse, from
Seattle and Tacoma, via Hiogo, for Shanghai
and. Manila, etc; for orders, supposed to Lon
don or Antwerp.
SEATTLE— Sailed Deo 13— Stmr Coronado.
for- Grays Harbor r-. U S stmr • Manzanlla. for
Destruction Island. • r,- \ '
CH ILD FOI LS MOTHER'S
ATTEMPT AT SUICIDE
Mysterious; Woman Who Tried to Jump v Overboard From
Ferryboat Bay City Thursday Night' Identified 1 as Mrs:
Frank Kantz, Who, Deserted by -Husband,; Seeks [Death;
/ /-^s. AKLAND, Dec. 13.— The mystery
(t \V of the attempted suicide last
Vl If nl S nt from the ferry steamer Bay
x^Jr City has been solved. The
woman whose determined effort
at self-murder sent . thrills through the
passengers on the' 6:45 trip from San
Francisco was Mrs. Frank Kantz, 1011
Franklin street, Oakland. The little girl
whose presence of mind prevented the
tragedy was her 6-year-old daughter
Josie.
According to the despondent woman, her
husband, Frank Kantz* employed up to,
last Monday by the Contra Costa Water
Company, deserted , her and their child
last Saturday. Hearing that her husband
waa in San Francisco, Mrs. Kantz, ac
companied by her little daughter, crossed
the bay to find him. Unsuccessful in their
errand they were returning to Oakland,
when Mrs. Kantz made a determined at
tempt to commit suicide by jumping over
board through a window in the ladles'
dressing-room.
What Josie did she tells herself as fol
lows: • ■■•■,.■■•■■
Mamma was nearly through the window be
fore I thought what she was .trying to' do. I
Jumped on her back, caught my arms around
her waist and tried to pull her !n.
Mamma said, "Don't, Josie. I can't live this
•way I'll be better, oft out there."
Then I stamped my foot and told mamma to
be 'shamed of herself: that it was dark and
cold and wet; that I was too little a; girl to
be left alone and she just must come home.
Mamma wouldn't stop, though. She turned
around and kissed me and tried again to get
through the window. I took hold of her shirts
and Just screamed and hollered till a lpt of
ladles came in and Just made mamma go into
the saloon. ' ■ -
Then I went and found Mr. George Carr. who
lives in the same house with us. He took us
home Mamma tried twice to Jump off the
train, but Mr. Carr just held her. . .
Mrs. Kantz was hysterical when she
reached home, but was soothed and com
forted by her . little daughter, . whq^
TELEGRAPH NEWS.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 13.— Phya ArkaraJ
Oradhara the newly arrived Siamese Minister,
to-day presented his credentials to the Presi-
NORFOLK Va.. Dec. 13.— The United States
training ship Alliance arrived, to-day from a
foreign cruise. The 500 apprentices on board
are reported well. • • ,.
M VDRID Dec. 13. — Treasury bonds -to the
amount of 125.fKiO.000 pesetas, running for six
months, wltli interest at 4 per cent, will bs
issued shortly and exclusively Internal,
dent.
t-HIUDELPHIA. Dec. 13.— An a result of
a- 'decision made to-day in the United States
District Court, the sale of the Philadelphia
Record, scheduled to take place Jn March, has
been postponed.
BOSTON Dec. lo. — The assignment of "Wain
wricht Bros & Co.. brokers, was announced on
the floor of the Stock Exchange Just before
noon to-day. The firm includes W. P. and J.
H. Walnwright.
NEW YORK. Dec. 13. — The Appellate divi
sion of the Supreme Court announced a deci
sion to-day refusing to advance on the court
calendar the case of Dittmar against the
Gould trustees— the De Castellane case.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 13. — The Navy Depart
ment has awarded the ' contract for the con
struction Of the buildings which are to serve
as ciuarters for the cadets at the Naval Acad
emy to Noel & Thomas, of Balttmore, at their
bid of $2,418,000. ■ • . •
LONDON, Dec. 13. — A special correspondent
in Berlin cays he hears that owing, to objec
tions being made to France's- furnishing the
whole of the projected Russian loan .'. of
£40,000,000, financiers In: the United States
will shortly be sounded as to the possibility of
placing £20.010.000 of the- loan in that country.
WANTS MUNICIPAL
BOARDS ABOLISHED
Mayor Barstow . Offers Some Ideas
TJppn. Reconstruction of the'
City Government.
OAKLAND, Dec. 13.— Mayor Barstow
has made a new suggestion relative to a
proposed- change in the method of select
ing the Board of Public Works , and the
Board of Police Commissioners. . He . ad
vocates an amendment to the city charter
that will give the, Mayor power to appoint
three commissioners, one of whom shall
supervise _ the street ; and v other public
work., a second to control Police Depart
ment affairs! and a third to beat the
head of Fire Department matters. The
Mayor would " have such appointees re
sponsible . only to the : appointing . power.
He argues that the present condition*
could be radically improved under an abo
lition of the boards as they are now con
stituted. ;
REGENTS TO VISIT^ - £ />^>
, CALIFORNIA CAMPUS
Will Inspect General Study on Col
lege Grounds of. Revised
Benard Plans. . V'
BERKELEY, Dec. 13.— According to
the directions of the Regents at their last
meeting,' work of staking out a general
study of the two revised Benard ; plans
was begun this afternoon on the Univer
sity of California campus. Town Engi
neer C- L. Huggins and r assistants are
doing the surveying under the direction
of Architect John G. Howard. . *
No construction stakes are being placed,
as the . detailed plans of the buildings
have-not been drawn, but- the grounds
are being surveyed so that the Regents
may look over,- available .. locations • for
buildings when, they visit the .university
for that, purpose on December 21. Two
general schemes are being- laid. out.
Decides Against • Mrs. Aldrich.
, OAKLAND, Dec' , 13.^-Judge Ellsworth
to-day decided against the claim of Mrp.
Minnie :C Aldrich, widow of the late W.
H. 'Aldrich.- for $3334 32 from the estate of
William -Aldrich, the deceased Hawaiian
capitalist."-,.': - . .. : :: ..
LITTLE GIRL WHO SAVED
HER MOTHER FROM DEATH
BY SUICIDE.
watched by the bedside until this morn
ing.
Josie is a pretty child, well grown,
well nourished,; with tig brown eyes.'
She was born on a ranch in Prunedale.
Monterey County, and although ■ only '4
years old when she said goodby to the
country, her recollection of certain events
is particularly vivid. . •
"I'm afraid of my father," she said.
"He killed Jessie and Bessie."
This startling accusation was modified
when Josie explained later on that Bessie
and Jessie were pet lambs that had been
Tier constant playmates through one
happy summer.- ■
• Josie attended the Harrison-street
Public School, where she was in the high
first and where, ?he says, she. once
" 'stonlshed" the teacher by spelling
California "right out before the whole
class." . ■ . . .
She has laid aside school for the pres
ent, however, "to look after mamma." In
addition to her mother she has .In her
charge an original collection of wonder
fully made rag dolls and a large follow
ing of vagrant dogs.
ALONG THE COAST
PORTLAND. Or., Dec. 13.— Foreign wheat
exports for the week from Portland were 323,
234 bushels. '. - -: .
NAPA, Dec. 13.— Dr. E. Z. Hennessey of this
city has been reappointed County Physician by
the Board of Supervisors.
LOS ANGELES, Dec 13.— Through the ex
plosion of a gasoline stove. Henry J. Fritz.
40 years of age. was fatally burned at noon
to-day.
LOS ANGELES, Dec. 15. — Oscar Lippman a
diamond cutter, wanted In San Francisco for
embezzling Jewels entrusted to him, has been
arrested here.
SAN JOSE, Dec. 13. — Joaquin Higuera, con
victed of highway robbery, and Jarties Lull,
convicted of forgery, were to-day sentenced, re
spectively, to ten and four years In the State
prison.
VALLEJO. Dec. 13.— The City Trustees have
voted to Increase the city water supply by put
ting down twelve miles of' 13-lnch pipe. Citi
zens will be asked to vote for $100,000 bonds
for the purpose.
LOS ANGELES. Dec. 13.— A jury to-day ac
quitted Allan Watson, the young colored man
charged with manslaughter. Watson while
riding a btcycle, accidentally ran over and
killed ■ 10- year-old Norman CampbeU.
SALEM, Or. . Dec. 13. — An earthquake shock
was felt in this city at 12:50 o'clock this morn
ing. The shock lasted three . seconds and tho
vibrations were from north to south. Win
dows and dishes rattled, but no damage Is re
ported.
SAN JOSE, Dec. 13— The. case ot Nolberto
Coronado. on his second trial for the murder
of Frank Norona, near 'New Almaden •• last
July,; went to the Jury, at -4 o'clock thid after
noon. At 10 o'clock to-night the jury had not
agreed and was locked up for the night.
SAUNAS, . Dec. 13. — While switching a
freight train near King City yesterday
Charles Ball, a Southern Pacific brakeman
caught his left foot In a frog. Before he could
extricate it the train passed over the foot i He
v/as sent to San Francisco to have the foot
amputated In the company's hospital.
"RIVERSIDE, Dec. 13.— Peter AHec, a French
market tardener, was found with the top of
his head blown off this mornlne. J. D. Cab
rillas, a Mexican- employed by Allec ■ was
sleeping In the eame room. . He says he heard
a shot at 11 o'cloek last night. A. shotgun with
one shell empty lay -under the bed. Cabrillas
is under arrest pending: an "examination ■ Hut
the officers Incline, tfu the theory of suicide-
Whittlesey's Heavy Shortage^
SEATTLE. Dec. 15.— The total amount
of the shortage in King County's treasury
incurjred in the four years' incumbency
of Charles P. Whittlesey as Treasurer is
placed by experts at $40,048 36. The last
balance was struck this afternoon. "Whit
tlesey's second term securities will in all
probability be notified, to-morrow.
Cresceus to Try for Record.
LOS ANGELES, Dec. 13.— Cresceus, tho
king.'of trotters, will be driven to-morrow
against his record of. 2:02^4 at Agricultural
Park. The track is in first-class condition
for the attempt and the great horse is ex
pected to approach if not exceed his rec
ord. . ..-.\ '
Dobbs Throws Up Sponge.
BALTIMORE . . Dec. 13.— Bobby Dobbs*
seconds threw up the sponge in the four
teenth: round of a fight between . Dobbs
and Joe Gana to-night under the auspices
of the Eureka Athletic Club.
,' WEBSTER'S ; DEMURRER 'SUSTAINED.
The demurrer Interposed by Superintendent of
Schools R. H. Webster to the petition of Wil
liam Denman for a writ of mandate was sus
tained by Judge Seawell yesterday. Denman
applied for a writ to compel Webster to sign
Denman's claim against the city for legal ser
vices he rendered the Board of Education.
EVOLUTION OF INDUSTRIAL SOCIETY.—
Professor* Austin Lewis of the University of
London will deliver a- lecture on the . "Evolu
tion of Industrial Society" ; to-night at the
Academy of Sciences building, 819 Market
street. That non-believers and others may have
an opportunity of gaining knowledge , on thla
subject an open discussion will follow at 'the
close of the lecture. . ■ '. . . ....
MIDNIGHT RIOT
IN DANCE HALL
Drunken Soldiers Wreck
Pacific-Street
Resort.
Policeman Nelson Narrowly
Escapes Death at Hands
of a Mob.
A mob of about forty soldiers of the
Fifteenth Cavalry, which is stationed at
the* Presidio preparatory to being sent to
Manila, went on a wild rampage on Pa
cific street shortly after 13 o'clock last
night. They todk possession of the Camp
Fire Dance Hall at 519 Pacific street and
completely wrecked the place. Officer
Nelson, who bravely attempted to combat
the mob single-handed, had a narrow
escape from being killed. . . -
The unrestrained soldiers in their drunk
en fury entered the dance hall and drove
out the -■ proprietor. Officer Nelson, on
Jjearlng the uproar, ran to the scene. He
was surrounded by" the drunken soldiers,
who were too frenzied to be quelled by a
single policeman, and forced back against
the walL The soldiers struck at him with
broken billiard cues | and broken chairs.
Only the arrival of a number of policemen
saved Nelson from being killed.
While part of the mob held Nelson at
bay the rest completely destroyed tho
furnishings of the dance hall. The bar
was overturned, Dottles were broken and
the liquor spilled about the floor, billiard
cues were smashed and the soldiers pulled
the chairs to pieces so as to obtain clubs
with which to continue their wanton
demolition. Nothing escaped their fury.
A young man who happened to be in
the dance hall and witnessed the plight
of Policeman Nelson ran for assistance.
He informed Officer Peters of the trouble.
Peters turned in the riot call. A squad of
policemen under the. command -of Ser
geant Donovan were hurried to Pacific
street from the Hall of Justice. They suc
ceeded in driving the mob back and res
cued Officer Nelson, who escaped serious
Injury.
The officers piled their clubs with good
effect and very few of the drunken ma
rauders escaped with sound heads. Twen
ty-eight of the mob were arrested and
taken to the Hall of Justice. They will
be charged with disturbing the peace.
Officer Naylor stood at the head of the
steps leading from the dance hall and
used his fists in suppressing the soldiers.
The 'dance hall after the mob had been
dispersed looked as though it had been
swept by a Kansas cyclone.
PASSENGER ASSOCIATION
MAKES SPECIAL BATES
Reduction in Fares for Persons Who
"Will Attend San Francisco'-'-^ >
Conventions.
ST. LOUIS. Dec. 13.— The Transconti
nental Passenger Association closed Its
meeting in | St. Louis to-day after mak
ing rates to the most important meetings
in its territory. These rates for summer
conventions were agreed upon:
To the biennial meeting of the Knights
of Pythias, San Francisco, August 12 to
14. 1902, a rate of $30 a round trip from
Chicago, $47 50 from St. Louis. $45 from
Missouri River points. $40 from Colorado
points. $47 50 from Cairo, Memphis and
New Orleans.
To the annual meeting of the Travelers'
Protective Association, Portland, Or.,
June 23 to 28, same rates and privileges as
apply to Knights of Pythias meeting In
San Francisco.
For the annual meeting of the Mystic
Shriners In June, 1902, at San Francisco,
the same rates will apply as Quoted,
above, and the same course was taken
for the meeting of the Federation of Wo
men's Clubs at Los Angeles, May 1 to S.
The rates applying to the summer* con
ventions held in San Francisco will like
wise apply to Los Angeles.
The private car minimum rate was
raised from fifteen full fares to eighteen,
full fares, subject to the concurrence of
the Western and Southwestern lines.
BICYCLE RIDERS FAIL
TO APPROACH HECOBI>
Julius Sustains a Fractured Collar
bone in a Collision With Other
j •". Competitors.
NEW YORK, Dec. 13.— Still far behind
the record established by Miller and Wal
ler for a six-day bicycle race, nine teams
bnly of the original sixteen starters m
this year's event are left on the Matlisor..
Square Garden track. During a sprint to
night McEachern, McLean, Julius ami
Fredericks collided. They all went down
in a heap, with Julius underneath. Ho
was taken from the track and examined
by doctors., who found his collar bone had
been fractured. Lawson will be allowed
to finish the score for the team. Tho 2
o'clock score was:
Butler and McLean. 2221 miles; Newklrk and
Munroe, 2221; McBachern and Walthour. 2221;
Maya and Wilson. 2221 ; Babcook and Turville.
2221; King and Samuelson. 2220 miles. 7 laps.;
Hall and McLaren, 2220:3; Fredericks and
Jaak, 2220; Lawson and Julius.- 2161:8. Tha ,
leaders are 133 miles 0 laps behind the record.
Licensed to Marry.
OAKLAND, Dec. 13.— Licenses to marry
were issued to-day to Joseph B. Perry,
aged 35 years. Redwood City, and Mary
E. Peters. 23, Oakland; Isaac N. King:. 78.
Bakersfield, and Sarah K. Schran. '45. Min
nesota: Victor A. Strom, 21, and Vivian
Williamson, 19, both of Alameda.
APVERTISF.MrTrjTS.
Uncle Sam's
Mail Service
requires physical and mental
ability of a . high degree to
. withstand its hard labors. The
high tension to which the
nervous system is constantly
' subjected, has a depressing ef-
fect, and soon headache, back-
ache, neuralgia, rheumatism,
sciatica, etc., develop in severe
form. ' Such Was the case of
Mail Carrier S. F. Sweinhart,
of Huntsyille, Ala., he says:
' "An attack of pneumonia left me
with muscular rheumatism, headache,
and pains that seemed to be all over
me. I was scarcely able to move for
about a month when I decided to give '
m?,:;. Pain Pills
and Nerve Plasters a trial. In three
x days I was again on my route and In
two weeks I was free from pain and -
gaining in flesh and strength.
;, Sold by all Druggists.
Dr. Miles Medical Co., Elkhart, Ind.
1112
SASf FH ASCI SCO CALL.
PtTINESS OFFICE c\ Th» San FrancWo
<~bI1. O''in?r of U:.rkrt and Tin?') s^t^ets: open
t:r»i! 12 r"clo< k r-vory nisrht in the year.
BKANTM CTTTCES-^Sf Montgomery street.
uotvn 1 Clay;; ty-ci\ uttil 8:M p. m.
rr-y Have* .Ft roet: ogjen until fl:S0 p. m.
f?,9 Mc.\I';j't FtiVtt: o.pcn until 9.3" p. sn.
Fit I.n:Uhv ttrfot: r;j>*n ur.til ?:3 n. in. £,
3SH MI-.M.:., rtrccf; until 10 p. m.
f-Kl ilarkr; s-trert. corner Sixteenth: open
trti! «< j.. :n. .; .
:<*" KWe-.-r'. Ftrvrt cped until 9 p. m. J
ItU v.-jtr?,o!a rtrCct <p«>n until 9 p. m.
Nortliwcef cenw Twerty-Kfoond ■ and Ken-
t;:- !<:• t^r»*t*: ojien until :' p. m.
"Iffl FtJlroore nrpot: npt'n until it p. m.
BIEGTIXG NOTICES.
GOLDEN OATS Encampment No. 1. I. #tk J»
O. O. F-— Regular meeting THIS >f j
(SATURDAY) EVEXIXO. Second and /\
Thi-cd decrees. * "V
W. I*. HUMPHREYS. C. P. j
•2>:CEL^JOii De»;r«> Lodge No. -•ss e S a *v.
2. T . O. O. F\— Ileg-ular meeting a?52iI5&S!r
'HIP "SATURDAY* EVENING.
First decree. '_ „
w:.;. n. curtis. d. m.
FRANCO-AMERICAN Loose No. 555«g2$?
21)7. I. O. O. F. — Officers and ■ : =*JLr5v'>*=
members ::re respectfully re- "-^3**^=^' |
oureted to attend the funeral of :
<>ur late brother. P. E. GODEAU, SUNDAY.
I>eofir.ber 1j, 13C1J at 2 p. m., from Odd Fel- i
lows' Hall. By order of
L. CARRAIXE, N. G. :
A. LHON AURADCU. Secj-.
FRANCO - AMERICAINE Lodge
No. 207. I. O. O. F.~ /3:ficers and
numbers : You are hereby noti- ~^^^^~
Jied to aFserrsble at vour lodse- ""
room SUNDAY. December J5, 1901, at 2
o'cicck p. ra., to attend the funeral of our
late brother PARFAIT EUGENE GODEAU.
Ey order cf : L. CARRAINE. N. G.
L. A. Ai'RADOf, Secretary.
WOODMEN of the — fll
World. Golden Gate Z&—.-2-,' H^L
Camp No. 64 — Members t e^~?-%it£ritil$%\
are hereby notified to
attonii the unveiling vT*iQj li '''*i* n 'IB*' 1 '*
" ceremonies and dedica-
tion of mor.umcnts erected to the memory
<^f our late neighbors, JAMES ANDERSON,
HENRY HEINZ and J4MES J. DALY.
Members v.'ili assemble at superintendent's
office. Cypress Lawn Cemetery, at 1:30
o'clock p. m.. SUNDAY/ December 15. By
order of the came.
THOS. J. BARRY. Consul Commander.
D. OLIVER JR., Clerk.
TH!C annual netting of the stockholders of The
Xevada National Bank of San Francisco.
<"ai:. will be held at its banking-house, 301
Mntttcamery st., San Francisco, Ca!.} on
TUESDAY, January 14, 1902. at 3:15 o'clock
l«. rr... for the election of directors to serve
:or the ensuing year and the transaction of
Kuch other business as may come before the
meetinp. GEORGE GRANT, Secretary.
San Francisco, December 13, 1901.
THE California Debris Commission, having re-
vived anriications to mine by the hydraulic
iTnccfs from W. W. Stone Sr., In the Red
Hill pravel mini", near Placerville. El Do-
ra 3o County, to deposit tailings in a worfced-
rot pit: from Mrs. Olivene A. Stone, In the
Girr.ae gravel mine, near Placerville, El 1)0-
ip>3o County, to deposit tailings in Webber
Oeek: and from J. B. La^siat. in the Las-
Kist mine, at Pcker Flat. Sierra County, to
<1ppcsit tailings in a worked-cut pit. gives
jiotic-e t'rat a meeting will be held at room
f«. Flood building. San Francisco. Cal., on
ltfrpnibr-r £5. 1*11. at 1:20 p. m.
ASPHALTIM ROOKING.
.'. PFLTIEU. asphalt roofing, sidewalks re-
pa ire<J: pcstal 11S6 Mission; teL Folsom 2477.
CITY ASPHALTUM CO.. 632 Market St.— Roofs.
Fit>-n-aIIrF. finors: cheap rates. Tel. Red 2332.
ATTORXE YS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; divorces a specialty: quick, quiet;
no charge without success; established 16 yrs.
Open evenings by 3pocirjtment: phone John31Sl-
G. \V. HOWE. SSO Market St.. cor. Stockton.
ADVICE free: divorces private; bankruptcy; col-
lections: attachments; mortgages; bills of sale;
r^itr.ershipE : deeds; wills drawn;fees low; open
_ fve's. THURSTCN. lOOS^ Mkt.. r. 4. opp. 5th.
ADVICE rree: no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. .927 Market St.. opp. Mason.
L. S. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg.. 527 Mar-
!:et fit.: consultation free; no fees in advance.
BICYCLES- — For Sale or l^ohange.
NEW bicycles for children, men and women;
largest assortment on the Pacific Coast.
BAKER & HAMILTON. Pine and Market sts.
BOOKS XEW AJVI) OLD.
BOOKS of every kind bought. TeL Red 295S.
HOLMES BOOK CO.. 7M-7C6-708 Mission at.
thb^. ~
TRUNKS of every description at bedrock
prices. Factory and salesroom. 826 Howard.
BUSIXESS CHANCES.
A — $1000; PARTNER wanted In pork and dell-
oatessen More close to Market st-: good
business; only honest party need apply. Call
R. G. WILKE, 26^ Keary Et.
.\— $1000: CORNER grocery and bar on Tay-
icr St.; rent $25; place establ.many years
ami doing a good business; value in sight.
Call II. O. WTLKJ2, 26% Kearny st.
A— j&Ui; CORNER saloon with 3 rooms; rent
SiX): good business and finest location in the
_Mi£Gion. Call R. G. WILKE, 2<$y 2 Kearny.
A — *i:oo; COFFEE saloon and restaurant es-
tablished years; first-class paying; located
close to Chronicle bldg.; bargain; call soon.
K. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny Bt.
A^-fSOQ: RESTAURANT on Ellis st. doing a
rushing and good paying business; rent onlv
%Zt>; place easily clears $100 per month. R. G.
V."ILKE. 20^4 Kearny 6 t.
A-J800; SALOON, including 8 furnished rooms;
a splendid paying business; lease; location
oan't be beat: rare chance for any one. Call
R. G. V.ILKH. £6',g Kearny Et.
A ClgPt; BAKERY, including stock; rent $40;
living roc:ns; best location; no opposition; es-
tablished years; good paying; sickness of
owner only cause of sale. See R. G. WlLKii.
£€•£ Keitmy et.
A— $CCO; SALOON on Sansoroe St.; rent $25; very
choicest legation and a good paving business
For part;culars. R. G. WILKE* 26^ Kearny'.
A-ilOOO; CORNER saloon on Sixth st.; rent
JtO net; good paying business; no better lo-
lation on Sisth st. Call It. G. WILKE 2Si4
Kearny st- .
aicBEIDE 4.- CO., 765 Market st!
U you Avant to buy or sell businers, call at
nur office, rm. 2; see our large list of difier-
«-nt chancfg; a friendly inquiry costs nothing.
AT a srreat sacrifice — «25 will buy a first-class
restaurant; muEt be told at once; party leav-
RESTAURANT and delicacy; good location
large family trade; must b«> sold at earn-
_*]?±- Inquire McBRIDE & pp.. 7q-> Market.
MILKS & <X>., S27 Market St., room 208.
teiOuo— Hotel m dairy country; always full
£5000— Hotel in farming country, close to city
tCai— Restaurant, this city, very central.
...J'HHi —^alcua and building; rent $4<t
A full list of all kinds business chances too
I'tig to advertise; sp« us.
Jl' '",>:►— DRUG Etore; invoice $1800; doctor will
pay km: lease 1% years; clears $150 per
month; n^i.! J!ar/.tt St.; on a busy street-
liar- location. PKCIOSB. »21 Market st. '
;-;r<> — HARHEH shep, Blxtfa st.. rear Market; 4
<.ha:;s, ;t ruining. DECKER. fl2l Market st.
ISrO— PARTNER wanted ir. the manufacturing
t.usiness;: t'l«ars $100 to JliO per month to each
apartatr. St.. room J4.
Jv ICCUKAM puter and candy Ktore doing a fine
mi£lne*s; xr.un be sold; price $450; call and
Room H. SS Market st.
11KALY Ai HENDERSON? "phone JameTsTTl
6 Eddy St.. rooms IS and IS.
Hotels, restaurants, lodeine-houses, grocery
ftujen, c.'sai stores, ranches, oil lands, leases.
Notify to l^aonap cf the above.
A— $:W); RESTAURANT; old established; re-
co'rtf ?-'.. day: must be rold Monday account
— l'.' a IlHrtl_j STRAND & C?.._208 Kearny Vt.
A i~4 X^ l: bu l'r, st>)l or 'schanj-e business of all
kinds. STRAND & CO.; 203 Kearny «.
PARTNER wantfd in Cai>e~Nome Hght^ratra
jr^^E^vVo^^f 8 r \0 fn
?."<•- REFTAURANT. Market et.; its a little
mint; clearf $lirj month: big snap; must sell
LiHOWN & CO.. 1^21 Market Et.
FC.R *s!e — i;?rl.-r shop; central location- koo<1
business; two chairs: good reasons for scll-
ir.^-. Adaiess box 1«T>. Vt'lejo, Cal.
GOOD experienced power sewing machine oper-
ator, cr one that i.e.s worked In overall fac-
tory. 1I3U M!»eIoj «?t.
.•.-FOR cigar stands that actually make money
fee 1 L. HEDGES, 461-4C2 Parrott building.
> X)t» chance: old established butcher Ehou-
cheap.' lies 2731. Call efnee. P "
TOP. ia.'.c—A good plan Ins mill In a lumber"
:ard; locat«fd in a growing town. Address
I*. O. bos <S9. Healdtburg. Cal.
PARTNER wanted: established brokerage bus-
iness: fine opportunRy for steady man. Cal
L'uMnr-FB As*u.. «(;5"^ Market Bt. i
f £."0 — FOR sale; sood wlil and- fixtures of sa-
loon; a bargain.. Apply 137 Minna st
FOIl Ka'.c — Corner grocery and bar on Sixth
ft., burga'n. Ik>x 2740, Call office.
CLACKgMlTH shop for ealg. 205 Eighth st.
Established Mfg. wholesale and retail business;
toed Jooatkn: $lt!<X'.- Cal! 217 Fifth et.
fir.ST-CLAK.s paioon'-ivith grocer)*, on account
ol Ccitli. iuauire at 1C97 Fcison: st. .
ROUTE for sale — A route on this paper. • Ap-
ply ,tc XT- L. GARNER. 1J4 Myrtle "at..
Santa Cruz. Cal. . ' -
7 LODCIXG - II O I'S K S FOIt SALE.
&T^ CJ? DtckER.visSTABi.ISnED iiN&THl3
CITY IN 1S77. HEADQUARTERS FOR ALL-
KINDS OF FIARGAINS ;
5-rocras and bath ifiat) $400
10 ro< r.is on Taylor ...' C".O j
I 2*> roncis on Kearny 14C0
;3 rooms, clears 5100 : 950
ICO rooms, clears t*Ct> 6000
K> rocms. clears $350 ; 3600
S4-rooni corner house 40U0
1C rocms on Edoy st !>}0
IS rocms on Third ' Et 350
i'4 rooms. 2 fronts; clears 5200 1600
■■ ;S3 rooms: best In the city 2C00 !
M) rooms; sure to clear tZCO 36oO \
'. MlOinCY 1O LOAN AT- LOWEST RATE.. \
..CALL JF YOU WISH TO BUY. ./.....
j ....Sell or exchange any kind of property....
I CAN ?WT YOU
WHAT- HAVE YOU TO OFFER?
H. C. DKCKER. H 20 Market; |>ho&5 Mir.t 7S8.
THE DONALD. INVESTMENT CO.,
S50 Market s?t. Tel. Davis Wi |
£3Tooir!!=: swell famiiy hotel $65nfl j
S", rooms: cheap rent ....'• 1300 i
12 1 rooms: coed' location: bargain 730
1 21 rooms: fire fur.: very profitable 320') |
[ n rooms: oil lirht: cash TjC3
: 2S rooms; clofe in: Kodci payer 3200 i
; 16 room?: now building: new fur '..... 1100
10 rooms: all furnishings good 1000
14 rooms; boardinjr; bargain 1200
18 rooms: paying well; boarding 2500
40 rooms: new fur.: rent SS'J 2000
VACANT HOUSES FURNISHED.
_ VACANT HOUSES FURNISHED.
A FKW SAMPLES oF7)UR~LARGE LIST. ,
• Any of the following- nn monthly payments:
0 rccms; bargain: $50 cash. bal. paymts $150
22 rooms: income S20G;. elegant; bargain. 1500
R room*; well 'furnished..'...;.' 400 !
.*tt rooms; grand transient location ?2O0 j
23 rooms; gbed: location; clears $150. ... 1200 ■
10 rooms? corner; part - cash. 1000
28 rooms; clears $00; payments. '- 400 j
IK) rooms: frrar.d corner; clears $600.... 5500
CALL. WE CAN SUIT YOU.
IS rooms; respectable: clears $90 lf.00
20 rooms: pood location; money maker.. 750
MONEY LOANED PHONE JOHN 531
A. H. RETSLOFF. 000 Market Bt.
A CAMERON & Ca,
- ■ 850 Market ft. and 8 Stockton Bt.
Rooms 21. 22 and 23. Phone Bush 32S.
Pee our lift of bargains.
100 r.; cor.: rent J530: le3Ee; fine incciw?:
first floor offices: best location in city JSGOO
7 r.; rent $12; Mission: good, and neat.... 200
S6 r. : rent J14C: first-class room. hou»^.. S2.">0
14 r.; rent $V>: reeidence: goodfur.; piano ST.O
T6 r. ; rent $S0; clears $100; pood fur 1SO0
15 r.; finest little board, house In city.. 11C0
17 r. : rent S45; cor.: oak fur.: clears $103. 850
SPECIAL BARGAINS.
Lodsing-houHes. Ivcdplng-housss.
CLEAR TITLE.
Money to loan at lowest Interest.
SEE LIPT 200 HOUSES.
BRANDON BROS.. 993 Market, rooms 1-2.
A — NOTICE — We have roomine-hocses, all sizes j
and prices. In all parts of the city: set our |
list first. MITCHELL & CO.. 12C6 Market ft. j
A — FOR sale. 250 loOping-houses; prices $125 !
to $5000. See STRAND & CO.. 209 Kearny. j
FLAT to let: furniture for sale ot a sreat sac- !
riflee. McBRIDE & CO.. 763 Market, r. 1 & 2. I
$500— LOTXJING^HOUSeTsi rooms, all filled;
rent $20. 543 Howard st.
LODGING-HOUSE for sale; price $1000; 21
room!.: rent ?S0; transient. 2C7 Post Et.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, fent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1,
poFtnsrif r?M
SPIRITUALISS!^
A— C. V. MILLER, world's famous materialis-
ing medium; spirits speak face to face; seance
Tue . Fri.. Sun.. S p. m.. 50c. lCSi Bush st.
EROCI-TWAY. 1052 Ellis, bet. Franklin and
Oough; phone Larkin 10SS — Seances Sun.,
Tues.. Thurs.. 8:15 p.m.: 55c; readings. 10 to 5.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance. bu3. medium:
life reader; medical, clairvoyant: sittings. $1:
letter. $2. 1164 O'Farrell st.: Ellis car.
A — PROF. GEE, 10S Sixth st!! satisfactory
readings, SOc, ?1; circle every night, 10c.
GO to Watson, expert palmist 'and medium;
readings 50c: hours 5 to 0 p. m. 3-JA Sth st.
Mrs. Valeen. automatic writing: palmist, clair.;
succeeds when others fall. 15S-" Mrkt. nr. 12th.
KATIE HEUSSMAN removed to 1774 15th. nr.
Guerrero; circles Sunday eve.. 25c; sit. daily.
EDWARD EARLE. 828 Ellis, phone Polk 1601:
fittings 9:30 to 5; seance Sun. and Thurs.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer: sittings dally: test to all to-night. 10c.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
EXTRAORDINARY! EXTRAORDINARY'
CLAIRVOYANT— PALMIST.
CLAIRVOYANT— PALMIST.
SIR HENRY PRICHARD.
Direct from Hotel Cecil, London.
AS A TEST IN THE READING WILL TELL
YOUR NAME, AGE. OCCUPATION, WHOM
AXD WHEN YOU WILL MARRY. j
BUSINESS. LOVE. MARRIAGE.
.Advice on bftsinsss, speculation, all love and I
domestic troubles, settles lovers' quarrels, re- j
unites the separated, tells whom you will mar-
ry, how to WIN the man or woman you love,
how to overcome all enemies: gives full secret
how to control or influence any one you love j
or meet: no charge unless you find him superior
to all others. Hours, 10 to 7 daily; 10 to 5
Sundays.
Reception rooms. 13. 14. first floor,
1104— MARKET STREET— 1104.
Corner Turk, nearly opposite Zlnkand'e.
MME. M. BERNARD.
THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently
located at 17 Third st.. next Examiner bldg. She \
reads your life correctly, gives an accurate de-
scription of the past, reveal* the present hap- j
penings and portrays events to occur In the fu-
ture. If you are In trouble, discontented, un- i
happy or not satisfied In life, or have domestic, J
love or business troubles, I consult this great |
medium and you will be* told how to overcome
them. Valuable advice in all affairs of life;
25c up; satisfaction guaranteed. Tel. Black 4569.
MRS. DR. F. CLARKE, the well-known trance
medium, is permanently located at. 1206 Mar-
ket st.. cor. Gclden Gate ave.. rooms 25 and
2C; take elevator. Perfect Fatlsfaction guar-
anteed by mall; tend stamp for pamphlet
w!th special terms. Dally and Sunday.
A— LINCOLN. CLAIRVOYANT.
HIGH PSYCHIST.
The most wonderful clairvoyant on the coast:
he succeeds when ethers fall:- permanently
located at 125 Turk st. : readings by mall.
THIS NOTICE AND 10 CENTS. ' "
Just what you want to know; choice of three
«?>pert palmist? and clairvoyants; no matter
who you have been to, we convince all. 607 j
Kearny st... parlors 1, 2.- .1.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card I
reader, born with double veil— second sight: !
diagnoses diseases with Sire reading: lades ;0\
gent* Jl; palm, and clair. sit. $1 50. 126 Turk.
ISMAR. the Egyptian Gipsy, clairvoyant and
palmiEt. permanently located 114S Market, op-
'poslte Sixth: private readings dally. 10 a. m.
to 5 p. m. Sundays fronj 10 to 12 a. m.
A-MISS Jl. WILLE, 326A Ellis: clairvoyant,
crystal seer; reads your Hfe correctly w'thout
• <iues. ; full names, 50c.-$l; 10 a. m. to 8 p. m.
BKOOKS. 12CS Market— Suite 24 and 35; wor.-
derful clairvoyant and trance medium; read-
ings. $1 & 12; read:nss by mall; satisfac. guar.
PRINCESS ISHMAEL. wonderful astrolojrlst;
tribe Alchobar. 100S',£ Mkt..2d floor, hrs. 10-9.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader; ia^
dies 25c; gents 50c: readings daily. 132 Sixth.
MRS. MARY AI.XIE .TOHXSO>*.~busines3 me-
dium. price ?). 519»,s Leavenworth st., S. F.
MME. ODELL. clairvoyant, card reader; ladles,
25c: gents. {>Cc: no sign. 242 Minna, upstairs.
MRS. B. Gainsann, well-known fortune teller,
has removed from 222 Eddy to 407 O'Farrell.
CLAIRVOYANT card reader from Louisiana;
only 10c: frcm 1 to & 262 Minna Et.. near 4tu.
MME. RAVENNA read.« life fluently: business
advice; names clvn: 2*>c up. S Fourth >t.
CAIU ATIX OfANDffC LfS AXIXG.
WHEN- you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAT'LPIXG'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
inrj Works. 3C3-3CT Tehoma st. ; teL South 40.
MODERN CO.; steam cleaning. 3c; laying;
cleaning on floor. Phone Mint 301; 023 Mlsslou.
AMERICAN Carp»t-beatlng Works — Cleaning.
3c; renovated, rela'd. 104 14th st. ;tel.Capp 2542.
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter ~st.~:
tel. Main 334. ■ GEO.WALCOM &_CO., Prop.
RUDOLPH £ CO.. carpet-beating worksTprTces
reasonable. 1703 Harrison st. ; tel. Mission 203.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-cleaning AVorks.
_J«3jGolden Gate ave.; telephone East 123. i
CITY Steam Carprt-beatlng Works. G. ~lF.
. STEVENS Mgr.. 3S-40 Sth st.; tel. South 250.
J. E. MITCHETX. Carpet-cleaning and Reno-
vating Co.. 240 I4th st.: te!. Mission 74.
CMIKUl'OIJISTS. ~
Ingrowing toenalls, bunions and (corns cured
painleee) no knife. Dr. Brown, graduate chi-
ropodlEt.lnilorsed by med.prorn. 304 Stockton.
COTX.ECTIOX OFFICES. *
COLUMBIAN J.aw and Collection Agency; 6th
floor; S16 Market st. ; advlc free. Tel. Bubh
.I'M: able body of attcrneyg. ;.»
COTTAGES TO LET. .-/. ;.' '..-.;'■
VALLEJO, |122O."ii3*^Hy3« anTT^Lvenw^th^
cottage 4 rooms; large separate yard; marine
view; {12.
THE SAN -FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, DECEMBER 14, lyoi.
NOTICE TO PATRONS.
Owing to the large size of The Call's
Christmas Edition, to be issued SUN-
DAY, December IB, and the great
volume ; of extra advertising already
received, no advertisements of any
description will be accepted for pub-
lication in that issue after 9:30 p.m. ,
The Christmas 'Call will be the
largest, finest and most' elaborately
illustrated holiday edition published
on the Pacific slope. Send a copy to
your Eastern friends
READY FOR MAILING— 5 CtNTS PER COPY
DEXTISTS.
A— mtf-T/iS. H1GGINS, 927 Market st.. Emma
Spreckels bldg. — Painless dentistry at reason-
able prices: pure gold fillings. Jl 50: other fill-
ings, $1: gold and porcelain crowns, $5 up;
plates, a full set of teeth that look natural
and guaranteed, $3 up.
Painless extraction.
1 do first-class work only and guarantee It.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
nnd fillings: extractions or fillings by my
wonderful secret, painless method: 20 years'
experience: no students: advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
_DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell St. I
ELKCTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. S09 Market, cor.
4th, rm. 7, Flood bldar., extractions done pain-
lessly; teeth without plates our specialty; gold
crowns. $3 50 up; plates, extractions free, $4 50
up; office hours. 3 a. m. to 9 p. m. ; Sundays,
S to 2. J. AY. THATCHER. D.D.. S.. Manager.
A NEW piate— The Whalebone — cannot break;
! warranted 20 years; crowns $3 BO; fillings 50c:
1 platens $5. lull set; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth.
AT Ideal Dental Co.. 6 Kddy^ 6t. — Work done
cn weekly Installments; lowest rates.
PARIS Dental I\.rlors. 235 Kearny, cor. Bush—
: FullEet of teeth.. $4: crowns. $3: flllinc«. 25c.
I LOWEST prices In S. F. : painless extraction.
SOc. X. Y. Dentist.:. S69 Mission. SE. cor. 6th.
YOU can pave 40 per cent on dental work by
going to DR. BROWN. 64 Sixth st.
! SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. G.
. YOUNG. 1SU PoIj: ft.
DR.R.L.WALSH, 813%~Gearj-. n7.TarkTn-Pain-
Iess extraction. EOc; plates $5 up: phone Polk 113V
DR..H. G. TRUMAN, dentist, third floor. Kx-
amlner building: formerly In Murphy bldg.
, DOG HOSPITAL.*?.
DR. CREELY'S C. P? dllJTsoapT^^ug gists
or at the Hospital. 510 Golden Gate ave.
DRESSMAKERS AXD SEAMSTRESSES
MCDOWELL DressmakJiig^MTllinery rfchooT-
Class rates; patterns cut. 1019 Market st.
FRENCH accordian and knife pleating. WM.
P1LGER. 121 Post, over O'Connor & Moftatt.
EDUCATIONAL. .
HEALD'S SCHOOL OF
NEERING — Theory, demonstration, construc-
tion; laboratory and shop work; thoroughly
practical; day and nigrht. 21 Post St., S F. ;
catalogue free. :
AYRES' Leading Business College, 72> Market
— $8 per month; $00 life scholarship guaran-
j tees a complete bus. education: shorthand,
; typing, bookkeeping, arithmetic, penmanship,
spelling, Spanish, etc.; experienced teachers;
new typewriters; positions secured; cat. free.
HEALD'S~SCHOOL OF MINES. 24 POStTstT,
S. F. — Thorough courses; complete equipment;
all subjects pertaining to mining and mining
engineering; day and night: catalogue free.
A — THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical
colleges; references, President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
A — The official reporters of Supreme Court ad-
vise tbelr friends to attend the GALLAGHER-
MARSH COLLEGE. Is this advice worth fol-
, lowing? Life scholarship $50; catalogue.
CALIFORNIA Business Colloge: most thorough
modern methods; positions for all graduates;
new CO- page catalogue free. 305 Larkln st. .
MERRILL-MILLER College— Shorthand, typ-
ing, practical bookkeeping. Rooms 40-45, Par-
rott bldg.; Individual Instruction; catalogue.
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec, mtning.mech.sur-
vey. assay, cyanide: day. eve.; est. 18S4. Van
der Nalllen School. 113. Fulton, nr. City Hall.
BOOKKEEPING, figures; tha one min who per-
fects beglnnprs, college graduates & bookkeep-
ers is TARR, the expert. 220 Parrott bldg.
ACTING, elocution, specialties: Hallet School,
associated with theatrical agency securing po-
Eitions. I Alcazar building, 120 O'Farrell Et.
A FULL course of Ellis bookkeeping and the
Gregg shorthand costs only $60. San Fran-
cisco Business College. 123G Market St..
A — Miss Bolte's School. 27."!4 Pine St.; board;
Eng., French. German, music; S'JO mo. ;coach.
KENT Law School, day and night. J354 Par-
rott building; send for catalogue.
TENOR lyric, htgrh with powerful voice, de-
sires engagements. Address box 2681, Call.
VIOLIN, mandolin, guitar. Prof. MERKI. good
teacher. 100S Mission; instruments selected.
VAUDEVILLE School of Acting— Pupils pre-
pared for the stage. 125 Mason Et.
LEO Cooper's School or Acting, 814 Geary st. ;
day and even, classes; send for new circular.
ENGLISH. Latin. Mathematics. Literature a
specialty. MISS ROULSTON. 77G O'Farrell st.
Chicago Business College. 1-M5 Market, nr. 10th.
Pitman shorthand, typing, bookkeep.; ?0 mo.
ILLUSTRATION— PAP.tFnGTON'S DAY find
| ILLUSTRATION— night class. 424 Pine st.'
; HEALD'S Business College. 24 Post st.. S. F. ;
founded 1863; new SO-page catalogue free.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc.; day or eve.: $5 mo. 1024 Mission. nr.'Gth.
EMPLOYMEXT OFFICES.
A^JAPANESE reliable house cleaning; also
cooktrand waiters furnished at short notice.
George Klnochita, 1233 Page st. : tel. Fell 8501,
br'ch COS Stevenson, cor. 7th; tel. Folsom 2711.
JAPANESE and Chinese help of all kinds;
cooks, waiters and house servants. GEO.
AOKI & CO., 421 Post St.; tel. Bush 135.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice: all kinds help. 315 Stockton: Main 51SS.
JAPANESE Intelligence Office — Furnish most
reliable help. C24 Bush St.; tel. Bush C1C.
ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese, Chi-
nese help. 426 Powell, nr. Sutter ;tel. Black 5072.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED FEMALE.
TWO superior first-class cooks, best of refer-
ences, wish situations. See J. F. CROSETT
& CO.. 334 Sutter st.
WANTED — By rallable woman, position to do
housework In email private family, or place
to asplst in kitchen. Address box 2702, Call.
RELIABLE woman wishes position; general
housework; best of city references. Call 1055
Howard Bt.. between Sixth and Seventh.
WOMAN with references wants cooking ' or
hourework; Is eood laundress; would work
by the day. M. H., 1024 Howard st; carfare.
FIRST-CLASS German cook with good refer-'
■ ences; please call from 10 to 1 p. m. 8 Hayes.
WOMAN wishes position to do cooking and
downstairs work. 204 Van Ness ave.
RELIABLE, well-educated lady wants position;
Al references. Address "G.," 116S Wash-
ington st., Oakland^ ; .
EXPERIENCED laundress wants position in'
hotel or rooming house ;• country preferred.
Box 2739, Call office. .
NURSES — 2 young. women between 20 and 30
years of age, of good health and morals. For
particulars apply .1001 Market St., (Oakland.
W'ETNURSE — A healthy woman of 30, having
a healthy baby 1 month old. wishes position
as wetnurse. Apply 1051 Market St., Oakland.
A JEWISH lady, first-class cook, wishes to
work by the day; references. Box 2738. Call. ,
YOUNG woman wishes position as working
housekeeper: city or country. Box 2672, Call.'
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket — 200 rooms; 25'; to ?1 50 per night; $1 50
to $0 week; convenient and respectable; free
1 1 bus and baggage to and . from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
■ received at Call branch/ office, 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for. Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at ' 103$
Valencia st , , v
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— MALE.
YOUNG man, stranger in city, would like to
work around private family for board and
room and a little clothing money for winter.
Box 2757, Call office.
FIRST-CLASS coachman and valet; single;
neat appearance; sober; uses no tobacco; will-
ing and obliging; expert horseman and driver; ■
very best references. Address box 2633, Call.
A MAN of large business experience, stranger
in city, will take position where care and
good judgment are needed; will furnish bonds
_gr_£ash_security. Box 2724, Call office.
MIDDLE-AGED man wants any kind light po-
sition; willing to learn grocery, fruit or any
other kind business; small wages; has good
references. Box 27(30, Call office.
WANTED— By man and wife, in city or coun-
try, position, hotel; wife waitress; man
clerk, tend bar or work around house. Ad-
dress box 2770, Call office. ,
RELIABLE elderly man wants work to care
for horse, cow and garden; good references;
small waces. Reliable, box 2771,
, Cal lofflce. >
A MIDDLE-AGED man, German, desires posl-
I tlon as bartender or as cellarman in whole-
sale house. Box 2770, Call office.
EXPERIENCED bedmaker with references
wants position in lodging-house or hotel. Box
_27C1, Call office.
YOUNG man, strong and willing, wants work
of any kind. Box 2763, Call office.
FIRST-CLASS dairyman wishes to take charge
of dairy of 70 cows with his own help; good
references; reasonable wages. T. D., 21i/i
Harrison ave., off Folsom st.
RELIABLE, trustworthy man wants position
as watchman in 'some large establishment;
best of references; experienced in such work.
Box 2723, Call office.
GOOD German cook wants steady place: hotel
or restaurant; good meat cutter. J. H., 107
Eighth st.
A MIDDLE-AGED German with references
wants work of any kind; has experience in
bottle 'business. 742 Geary st.
YOUNG man wants position in grocery and
bar; can do bookkeeping. Address G. C,
3271 Mission Ft., near Twenty-ninth.
YOUNG German desires to work; saloon oi
restaurant preferred. Address 38 Ellis St.,
■ cigar store.
POSITION wanted by young man in grocery
. store; 4 years" experience as clerk and 2 as
manager. Box 2721. Call office.
MAN and wife, experienced and reliable, want
charge of place or work on raneh. Call of
address E., 125 Sixth St., room 8.
YOUNG, good, experienced boy wants position
to do housework and wait at table. Call 12%
William st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
Bubscriptions has been established at 1036 Va-
lencla st.
• EXCHANGE; ~~
$1000 — GOOD grocery business: will exchange
ror Watsonvllle property. Address A Call
' office. San Jose. v
FINANCIAL.
PACIFIC Coast Underwriting Co. (Inc.)-^We
have 42 offices in operation; new method ot
placing stocks and bonds; companies incor-
. porated; stocks and bonds underwritten. Call
or address main office. 507-8-0 Parrott bldg.
COMPANIES promoted and financed, stock
taken In payment for services: good mlnins
and Industrial prepositions wanted; gold
bonds furnished. PACIFIC STATES MINING
AND INVESTMENT CO.. 32C Post St.
FLATS TO LET.
NEW upper 6-room flat, finished attic •"firnTTo^
cation, view and grounds; northwest corner
Waller and Portola. bet. Pierce and Steiner.
SUNNY modern fiat; 6 rooms: marine view.
28 Pleasant st., near Sacramento, above
Taylor.
?S — UPPER rear flat of 3 sunny rooms. 27
Pearl st, off Market, near Valencia.
5 ROOMS, bath, yard. 25 Lloyd, bet. Scott
and Devlsadero. Waller and Thirteenth; $15.
OTARRELL, lOSfl — Modern flat] 6 sunny
rooms, bath, yard and basement; reasonable.
SUNNY corner 7 rooms, bath; very desirable-
perfect order: $32 month. 1S00 O'Farrell st. '
KIJIINITURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE of an elegant home for~sale"
with the privileges of renting. Box 2716
Call ol flee.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak. $48 50, with No 7
range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE W ANTED.
WILSON buys all kinds of household goods'
1710 Market St.; tel. South 413. * - .
A. WOLLPERT, 773 Mission st. pays highest
price for second-hand furniture; tel.- Red 1354.
A. L STORRS. 634 Ellla st; telephone Larkln
2783; highest price paid for furniture, carpets.
TEL. Jeesie 761 before selling rurniture, car-
pets. pianos, etc. CHAS. LEVY. 1135 Market.
GLOVEsT~
CHRISTMAS present— Danicheft glove order;
factory prite guar.: kept In repair. 121 Grant.
HELP WANTED—- FEMALE. •
WANTED— Man and wife for ranch, $35; 4 sec-*
ond girls, ?20, ?25; chambermaid and seam-
stress. San Mateo. $20; housework, 2 in fam-
ily, $30; housework, Alameda, $25; San Ma-
teo, if^5; 8 restaurant waitresses, $5, $6, SS
week; cookr private boarding-house, $30- 4
housework girls, Oakland. $2o. $25; all kinds
of housework In city, $20, $25 and W0. Ap-
ply to J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 334 Sutter st.
MRS. M. E. DAY & CO Phone Main 1575
We have first-class reliable positions for all
kinds -of hotel and family help. MRS. M.
E, DAY &. CO.. 335 Geary st.
ANDRE'S office, 316 Stockton st.— A 'good cook"
for American family, near city, $35; woman
not over 35 years old preferred.
GIRL for general housework; good, plain cook;
2 in family; wages $20. Call between 1 and 2
P. m.. 730 Post st. MRS. McNAUGTON.
W A NTED-rGlrls to sew shirts; steady work,
good pay;" a few beginners taught. Apply
THE L. ELKUS CO.. 2U and 31 Battery st.
NEAT young girl for very light housework;
young couple; nice home; references; $10. 4O.
Eddy at. . •
GIRL for general housework; good plain cook;
willing and obliging; wages $25; small wash;
young girl preferred. 1010 Dolores, nr. 23rd.
GIRL packers wanted. GREENBBRG &
GREENBERG, Grant ave., cor. Geary.
YOUNG lady wanted for Russian dance; ex-
pertenced dancer pref. 2G O'Farrell st, r. 28.
YOUNG girl to assist In housework. S190 SU-
teenth st, near Guerrero.
EXPERIENCED salesladies in. ribbons, veil-
ings. Box 2772. Call office.
GIRL to assist in housework. 2108 Bush st.
COAT finisher and buttonholes ; please call
early. 1007% Larkln st. ■ ....
YOUNG girl to take in cash and help in restau-
rant; references. C31 Clay st. .
RESTAURANT waitress, $S u. week. People's
! Restaurant, ■ 631 Clay st
WANTED— A chambermaid at the Manhattan
.-. House. S25 ; Battery st s 3s£°ISHtffgE9M > £"SS
GIRL to do chamber work and' wait at table;
German preferred. 5C7 Sixth gt '
: IinM' WAKTED— FB.MALE— Con.
WANTED— WORKING GIRLS and WOMEN to
learn hair \ dressing, manicuring, electrical
face massage,' shampooing., dyeing and bleach-
ing, etc.; full course, 3 weeks; tuition ?5; posi-
tions positively guaranteed ; 4 good positions
In fine stores now open' to those entering im-
mediately. S. F. HAIRDRESSING COL-
LEGE." first and only, school of the kind on
Pacific Coast; all others are imitators. S. F.
Hairdresslng College, 233 Geary, rooms 13-15.
OPERATORS at Lev! btrauss"& Co.'s Overall
Factory. 32<£ Fremont st. ; no experience
necessary; good pay, steady work. Apply to
MR ° AV1S - —
WANTED^ — Neat girl for general housework, 2
in family, $20. Apply 2201 Lagtma St., be-
tween 12 and 2 or G and 8.V.: ____■
EXPERIENCED hands on sun bonnets, chil-
dren's hats and caps. BAUER BROS., '~1
Sanscme st.
GIRL for general ■ housework and experienced
cook. - Apply with references Detween 10 and
11 at 1800 Sutter st.
WANTED — Girl to set tj-pe. Address box
2755, Call office. . ,
GIRLS, be independent; entire course in hair-
dresslng; 3 weeks, $3; materials furnished.
633 Ellis st.. ground floor.
WANTED — Experienced saleswoman. Apply I
between S and 11 a. m., HALE BROS. I
YOUNG girl light housework; small wages;
nice home. Call 705 Hyde. cor. Post, flat 3.
CLASSIFIED advertisements an_ subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia Ft. ■ .
HELP WANTED MAL.I3.
2 CAMP cooks, $53 ; cook and wife, country res-
taurant, see employer In city, $50; cook and
dishwasher, $60; restaurant cook, $12 a week;
• hotel cook, country, §45; waiters and others.
J. F. CROSETT & CO.. C2S Sacramento St.
PRUNER, $1 day; farmer and wife, ?35; first-
class gardener; car builders; milk wagon
driver, $30 and found; carriage blacksmith,
\ %'i to $3 50 day; tiemakers, 10c to 14c; wood-
choppers and others. J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
(528 Sacramento st. .. ■ .
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S 104 Geary st!
Alratlan: head cook, no Sunday work. $75 to
$80; second cook, country hotel, $40; head
waiter, restaurant, $75
20 basalt block makers, lc each; 5 laborers
for a quarry, country, $1 75 a day
Engineer and electrician, country hotel, $10.
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary st.
ANDRE'S office, 316 Stockton st. — Waiter,
about" G houra' work a day, $30 a month;
extra waiter for Sunday eve. ; cardener for
flowet nurssry, §30 to $35; assistant gard-
eper, private place, $25. to $30; indoor ser-
vant, §20; vineyardist and wife, $40; assist-
ant'janitor, German, $35, -etc.
AT W. D. EWER & CO.'S. 010 Clay St.
Walter, hotel, Nevada," $45 and fare ad-
vanced; harnessmaker for ranch, §35 and
board; man to rent COO-acre ranch in Napa
County.
WANTED — Man in each county to represent old
established house; solid financial standing;
straight, hona fide weekly. cash salary of ils
by check each Wednesday with all expenses
' from headquarters; money advanced for ex-
penges Manager, 387 Caxton bldg., Chicago.
WANTED in shipping office, bright boy who
writes good hand; address In own handwrit- |
ing. salary expected, residence,' age, etc.: I
must reside with parents. Box 2766, Call.
WANTED in shipping office, good errand boy;
must reside with parents. Address box 27C7,
. Call, statins ase. etc.
WANTED— Salesmen, clothing and men's fur-
nishing departments. Apply S. N. WOOD &
CO., 71S Market st.
BOY for steady position. Address, stating
age, box 27(14. - Call.
WANTED— 2 lunch waiters. Call early, corntr
Powell and Beach sts.
BOY wanted to carry a morning paper route.
. Box 2728, Call. ,
BILL clerk: wholesale house; must be accu-
rate; $30 per month. Box 2735, Call.
WANTED — An experienced milk wagon driver;
good wages. Apply at 1421 Buchanan tsrf
EXPERIENCED boy to feed cylinder presses.
14-10 Fremont st.
BARBER for Saturday nisht and Sunday.
237% Fifth s t. ■ \
BOOTBLACK wanted Saturday and Sunday;
good sruarantee. 104S McAllister st.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. C63 Mission st., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
BOY wanted at 11 O'Farrell St. JOE ROSEN-
BERG. .
A GOOD dishwasher wanted; please call bet.
7 and S o'clock a. m. 134 Third st. \
DISHWASHER wanted at 1224 Point Lobos
ave. ; $15 and found.
DISHWASHER wanted] 17-19 Powell st.
STEADY man with $150 cash can make $75
month. Apply at 200 Kearny st., room 1.
BARBER wanted; .good workman; steady Job;
wagea to start $13. Box 2775. Call office.
BARBER wanted from Saturday noon to Sun-
day noon. 222 Gough st.
$100 BUYS half interest in paying horseshoeing
shop. Box 2717. Call office.
"WANTED — Reliable young man with $75 cash;
light Indoor work; 515 week; steady place; no
experience; only those meaning business need
apply. BROWN, 1221 Market st.
— . :
WANTED — Recruits for the marine corps, U.
S. navy; able-bodied, unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of 21 and 35; not
less than 5 feet 4 Inches and not over C feet 1
' inch ; able to speak and read English. For
■ further information apply at the Recruiting '
. Office. 40 Ellis st.. San Francisco.
BARBER shop in country; running 3 chairs
and 2 baths; established 20 years; a bargain.
DECKELMAN BROS.. 106 Ellis st.
WANTED — Two active men to handle entirely
new proposition: no canvassing; $50 per week
guaranteed. Apply room 1C6, Leepalmer Ho-
tel, from 10 a. m. to 5 jj. m.
MEN to learn barber trade; only eight weeks
required: tools donated: positions guaranteed; '<
catalogue free. MOLER BARBER COLr 1
LEGE 635 Clay st. 1
. : 1 I
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, still
rruns Denver House. 217 Third St.; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night: $1 to $2 per week.
WANTED — Carriage woodworker and all-rcund
man. 265 Stevenson st., or Bay View Car-
riage Factory, San Rafael.
BARBERS — 2-chair shop for sale; rent cheap;
living rooms If desired. 1220 Market Bt.
Oakland. N.
BARBER shop in country; fine place for man
and wife. Inquire at WILL & FINCK'S.
WANTED — Experienced domestic salesman.
Apply between 8 and 11 a. m., HALE BROS.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c
to SOc. 663 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
WANTED— Cash boys. Apply between 8 and
11 a. m., HALE BROS.
WANTED — Experienced drummer for a city.
Brownstone Wlqe Co.. 331 Ellis at. ,*^ -
WANTED— Flrst-clats machinists . and iron
moldi.'rs. r.Oa Mission Et.
ABLE solicitors can earn $100 per week on our
propositions. A. E. Co.. 1413 Call building.
COO MEN to buy new and 2d-hand army shoes.
50c up; soling 20c up. 923 Howard st.. nr. Sth.
SAILORS, ordinary, • for ships for all parts of
the world. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st.
McDONALD & PERRY have BOO pairs second-
hand shoes for sale; 50c up. 241 Third st.
YOUNG men to learn barber trade; catalogue
mailed. S. F. Barber College, 741 A Howard.
PENSION atty.. E. A. Bull's. '- 3. 40, Phelan
big. Past com. Geo. H. Thomas Post, G. A. R.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket — 700 rooms, £5c night; reading rooms;
fre« "bus and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH of flee, for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 100G
Valencia st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 220Q Flllmorc.
HOUSKS ANIJ YVAUOXS.
DO not fall to attend the special auction sale
-Wednesday, Dec. 18. at 11 a. m., at the Ar-
cade Horse Market. 327 Sixth st. JOHN J.
DOYLE. Auctioneer.
ONE second-hand undertaker's wagon, one 1-
horse truck, one 12-passenger carriage. CAR-
VILL MFG. CO.. 43 Eighth st. ,
3 TOP wagons for sale. 1504 Folsom st.
FULL lino German Government horses always
-n hand. JOHN H. H ALTON. 1732 . Market.
SOME fine gentle carriage and driving horses
. for sale at 721 Howard st.
A BARGAIN In good carriage, saddle, "business
and road horses. DALZIEL, 605 G. G. ave.
ALL kinds of wagons,' buggies, carts, harness,
etc.. cheap. EGAN & SON. 2117 Mission st.
AN -A No. 1 express wagon, single; also light
camping. wagon for sale, cheap. -532 Mission.
; HOUSES WASTED.
FURNISHED house wanted ; must be In good
location; modern In every respect; best care
.given for 2 people only; house with stable
preferred. 11. A. RODGERS/ 27 Geary at.
■ HOUSES T O*^T*^-^^
A—PRINTED list houses to let: send »*or cir-
g! H. UMBSEN & CO., 11 Montgomery.
A— NEW. sunny, northwest corner. 45 rocms.
4 baths: marine view; 1005 Powell st. A^
Ply AM. SPECK & CO.. 667 Market st.
GOLDEN GATE ave., Sll%, cpp. Jefferson
square — Cottage, 5 rooms, basement, attic.
yard, hot and cold water; rent v-O.
LOST AND FOUND. _
£olT^W^^d^yTio1d~W^thani watcS i ; mon-
ogram J P.; number 4,4/20,1.51; liberal re-
ward. Return to 113 Ooughjg: .
LARGE silver srray & tan terrier *>»<*, an-
swers to name Nellie. Return 421 Fifth a^e..
Richmcnd District, and receive reward.
1 LOST— "Greyhound," white with black mark-
ings; reward upon returning same. bat-
» ter st. .
LOST — Red memorandum book containing
papers, also check for $ tO (payment stopped).
Return to 912 Capp st. and receive reward.
LOST— Certificate of deposit issued by J^}
National Bark for $<;S0, dated August — .
1901. No. 75.8S9. All persons are warned
against negotiating this certificate as pay-
ment has been stepped. GEORGE SIMMfc^J.
LOST — Leather satchel in Kale's "waiting-
room; liberal reward. 1271 Mission st.
S20 REWARD— Palace of Art*. 16 Post, round
magnifying glass; broken rim: no quest ion?.
i IT will pay to "Remember" that the Califor-
nia Watch Case Ca:, 220 Sutter st., needs old
gold and silver to make new watch cases.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
1C pages. In wrapper for mallin?. SI p<t year.
MACHINE WORKS.^ k
ENSIGN Machine Works, 413*4 Sacrament* si.
builds models and experimental machinery;
mine hoists 4, 8, 12 H. P. specialty: repairing.
3IATRI3IO.MAL.
GENTLEMEN wishing to marry wealthy
ladles send 10c for list. Mrs. Hertz. 706 Ellla.
MATTRESSES AXD 1'ILl.O WS.
TO order, also cleaned and sterilized, uphol-
"stery; Al carpet cleaning; honest work guar-
- anteed. HOPKE BROS., 411 to 415 Powell
St.; tel. Bush 421.
MEDICAL.
DR. O'DONNELL— All who are sick and In
trouble call and consult the specialist. My
medicines have been used for many years by
thousands, the unfortunate helped; relief In aU
cases taken; the most obstinate cases have
been relieved by my medical treatment; free
confidential advice on all subjects of a deli-
' cate nature; all classes of female complaints
treated; relief to the longest cases. DR. G.
V»\ O'DONNELL. 1018 Market St.. opp. Fifth.
A— MRS. SWEET Is a graduate of the Royal
University of Berlin in midwifery cases; takes
ladies before and during confinement, with the
best of cere; Infants adopted; "Till take two
to work at my private residence, on 6(W
Guerrero St., near Eighteenth; phone Blue 411.
HRS. M. WEGENER. ladles' physician, has
returned from the East and resumed business;
nome In confinement. 210 Eddy St.. near
Taylor, formerly of 1312 Golden Gate ave.
MRS. D. WYETH— Reliable ladles' specialist;
30 years" experience in midwifery cases; pri-
vate home before and during confinement. 410
O'Farrell Et., near Taylor; hours 9 to 5.
HINDOOHERB and MRS. DA VIES* original
" method of treatment; maternity home; home
in confinement. 1126 Market St., S. F. \>" : v.
THE original MRS. DA VIES is still located at
1228 Market: maternity home provided; office
hours 10 a. m. to 4 p. m. and 6 to 8:33 p. m. .
MRS. D. ALLEN. 1118 Market— Reliable ladies'
specialist;, a private home before and during
confinement: best medical care: low fees.
! MRS. D. GOODWIN, ladies* physician: 25 yrs.'
I successful experience .In S. F. | Maternity
Home. 0OC Market, opp. 4th.
DR. NG TOY KEE. 210 Stockton St.. opposite
Union square: all disease rurM bv herbs.
MISCELLAJVEOUS-— FOIl SAI..E.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAX. 195-197 Fremont st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, restaurant and po-
ker tables, barroom chairs, linoleum, new and
second hand: we always have a large stock ot
saloon outfits on hand; 32 complete outfits on
one floor, ready made; we can ship everything-
in 24 hours. J. NOON AN. 1017. 101D. 1C21. 1023
Mission St.. above 1 Sixth; write for catalogue.
AUCTION sale, Dec. IS. 10 a. m. — About 200
Government wagons, pumps, boilers, en-
gines, elevators, machine shop tools, etc. ;
write for* list. J. C. BAKER, 410 Third at..
Oakland.
MATTING and Bamboo Furniture Wholesale
and "Retail; Special 'cr'Xmas: Children's
Toy Furniture Sena.
UYEDA CO.. 422 and 424 Geary nt.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear, machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 2X5-235 Spear st.
WOULD make a nice Christmas present; seal-
skin; bust 38; will sell for ?S0; Just ren*d-
cled; original cost $225. Box 2C00. Call.
A FINE Great Dane, well trained, good watch
dog or for boy and cart, $25. 110 Twenty-
nlnth st. '
A— $3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters, 330 Kearny st., near Pine.
FINE- suits. $10; dress pants. $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 427 Montgomery st.
FOR sale — Pipe. 6000 ft. of G". 3000 ft. of 3";
in good condition. Address box 2760. Call.
TYPEWRITERS. 2d-hand. all makes, at low
figures. L. & M. ALEXANDER. 110 Montg'y.
FOR sale — 20 cords good dry firewood at $3 a.
cord. Apply' Immediately at 23 Main st.
FOR sale — A Call newspaper route of 500
names. Inquire telephone Kate 2047.
FOR SALE — A fine watchdog: genuine Dane. 0
Delgardo place, off Hyde St., near Green.
FOR sale — Boiler In good condition at 521
Kearny st.
NEW and 2nd hand boilers, engines, pumps,
pipe and supplies-. H. S. White. 516 Mission.
BOATS, launches, rowboats carried In stock.
BAJCER & HAMILTON.
GASOLINE engines, all plzes, new and 2d-hand.
and launches. J. E. DOAK. 333 Mission st.
ENGINES and boilers; second-hand machinery.
---J. BURKE. 133 Beale St.
TURQUOISE diamond ring wort,h $50, only $23.
Portland Loan Office. 25 Stockton st.
FAIRBANKS' 10-ton hay scales; jeweler's steel-
lined safe, perfect order. 216 California st.
SAFES— New and second hand. THE HER-
MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
1ST-CLASS 2d-hand modern engines and boilers
bought, sold. Krogh Mfg. Co.. 9 Stevenson.
NEW Singer sewinpr machine: 5 drawers; oak;
complete; cheap. 1915 Mission, near Fifteenth.
JEWELRY for sale; diamonds, precious stones
bought, T. Fershtar.d. 12S Kearny st.. rm. 29.
BAR outfits, showcases: all lengths and sizes.
JACOB SCHWERDT. S21 Mission st.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving pic-
tures. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post st
A WEEK'S news for 6 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages. In wrapper for mailing. SI per year.
3IISCE1.1.AXEOUS "WANTS.
"WILL pay cash and good prices for old seal-
skins. Address at once* box 1205. Call office.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 9th st. ; tel. Folsom 252*.*.
LADIES" & gents' good 2d-hand clothing bought
&sold. Sllverman, 9S4 Folsom ; tel. Folsom liui.
BIG prices patd for sealskins, full dress & Tux-
edo suits. Portland Loan Office. 23 Stockton.
JMOAEYTOLOM.
HERMAN r lIul^H^T^cV~E^Tne^bu7idlinsr
$4,500,000 at lowest rales ,
on first and second mortgages
Life interests in estates
Property beinio. held in trust
Undivided Interests In real estate
..Life insurance policies; estates In probate..
..Financial problems of all sorts and sizes..
If You Need Money
See HERMAN MURPHY. 603 Examiner bldg.
■AA— MANHATTAN LOAN CO. (Inc.).
$300,000 at 5'i & 6 per cent In sums to suit*.
City. Oakland, Town and Country property;
Second mortgages, Itfe Insurance and securi-
ties; loans on unsettled estates, undivided In-
terests In real. estate and legacies; will. pur-
chase above securities. Tel. Red 5024. MAN.
HATTAN LOAN CO.. 7th floor, Crocker bldg.
ANY AMOUNT AT « PER CENT. '■
First, second and third mortgages
Undivided" interest Jr. real estate In probate..
Mortgages and legacies bought: no delay....
Get my terms before dnins business «lsewh«r >
R. McCOLGAN
24 < Montgoniery et.. room 3
ANY amount, lowest 'rates on mortgages es-
tates, legacies, undivided interests, chattel
mtgs. etc: enterprises of merit also sought
D. J. HALLORAN. 206 Kearny st.. room 314.
ON real estate, 1st or 2nd mortgages, and on
furniture or pianos without removal: any
amount: lowest rates: open evenings " to >s
BECKER & CO.. 927 Market st. room Cisl
A RELIABLE corporation established in iS*j"
proper place to borrow money on diamonds.
Jewelry, pianos and Fealsklns. Columbia I-oan
Office. 9 Grant ave.. nr. Mrkt: teL Black 5J71.
MUNICIPAL. Loan Office. 103 Grant are., near
- Geary St.; phone Red 1603.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtala
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store S4S Mark*:
St.; tel. Main ISM. Branch 19 Third Et.
yt O^RV_TOI^Vf^CorvMmv^^
LOANS on piano?, furniture, no removal.libra-
ries goods In .warehouse.etc. :any amount ;'.ow.
est 'rates; private. Ormsby. 26 Montgomery st.
CASH loaned to salaried people on not? with-
out Indorser or on mortgage at e per cent n«r
jnnum. MORRF.LL. S09 Kxamlnfrr huiiriin?.
LOWEST rate3 cn furniture, etc.. by privai*
party; no removal: no commission: confiden-
tial. Room S. Conservatory bldg.. 301 Jon*s.
ON lumituie. p'.anos: no removal; mon e /
quick: lowest interest: easy terms: no broker-
age: reliable party. 1170 Mark°t st.. room tS.
LOWEST rates cn furrv.ture.p'.anostnrremoval;
no ccm-nis. R. 2. HIS Mrkt.; tsl. Folsom IC!).
'o%'on furniture and pianos; $15 up: n,, re-
moval: open evenings. Rwm 81. » Eddy st.
Lowest rates, furniture, pianos; no removal; no
[ commis. ; confidential. Whitehead, 17iO Markt.
: ON salaries. N. Y. plan: Indorsed paper m*.
1 counted. TOUSLKY CO.. 321 Parrott bldg.
ON country real estate, furniture, pianos; low.
est rate; no removal. 927 MarkPt St., rm. ;C8.
ON furniture, pianos: lowest rate; no removal;
strictly private. LICK. IIS McAliijter st.
ONE per exit cn turniture: $."• a month on eac!i
I100C: any swiri'x 202 Montsrorr.ery st., r. 1.
IF you want a horn-' 1 will loan you money to
J buy it. A. K. RUDELL. 222 San3ome st.
LON SALAHlKh* without Indorser: other propo-
altlona. 3. F. Dlacount Agpncy. UZ I J h?'an b'.g.
LOANS money cn salary; im ir.dcrser; En3ter» u
plan. Western tioan Co.. 309 Phelan bldg.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly'
Call. 16 pases, sent to any address in tha '
United States or Canada one year for $1.
postage nnld. *
MOSEY WASTED.
WANTED — To borrow sums from $200 to
$1000; real estate security: full Interest. Pa-
citlc Home Building Company. 30 Nevada
blocl:.
MtJSICAl. IXSTRUMEX'AS.
ALL grades sold by the Heine Piano Co.; sole
agents most famous and oldest American
makes: easy payments; big allowance for old
pianos; rents $2 ur> allowed.
A GREAT OPPORTUNITY.
Our new building: and hall will be completed
before Marcb 1st. We are now making a
special reduction for the holidays to clear
out our slizhtly used goods. Among them
are the following immense bargains:
1 small upright, mahogany $3s)
1 small upright, walnut $03
1 small upright, black case $145
C, Chickerine uprights from S125 to $325
4 Steinway uprights from $185 to $500
2 Hallet & Davis uprights $325 and $H5O
a Conovers. uprights $130. $225 and $325
2 Sohmer uprights. $165 and $195
2 Webers $95 and $175
And many others; you name the terms.
Open evenlnss durinsr this sale.
HEINE PIAXO CO., 217 Geary rt.
WE have Just received the latest designs In art
Pianos a great assortment in Sohmer. Byron
Maczy and Lester Pianos. BYRON MAUZY.
308 P° st at -
A GRAND concert every afternoon, 2 to 4, by
Cecilian Piano Player at BYRON MAUZY'S.
3CS-31Q-312 Post Bt. _^____ _
CHRISTMAS Specials In small musical lnst ■;
ments. Guitars, Violins, Mandolins, Banjos;
barsptfns in all makes. BYRON MAUZY.
2C3 Post at
SELECT your Christmas Pianos now; we de-
liver for Christmas present at your order.
BYRON MAUZY. 303-310-312 Post st.
A LOT of slightly used pianos. $30 up. Re-
member we are open evenings until Christ-
mas. BYRON' MAUZY. 308-310-312 Post st.
IF you want to pay only $75 or $100 or $123
for a piano call on us at once, as we have
them at that price. If you prefer a good
new piano at a low price, we have them from
$190 -up. We carry the Wissner. Decker &
Sen. Baumeister. Steger and Singer, and all
are worth more than th3 price sold for. Re-
member that we are making specicfl low
prices on all pianos sold during the holidays.
The Simples piano player Is the very best
thing for a present. Call on us and hear
them play. THE MAUVAIS MUSIC CO..
769 Market st.
AGAIN we remind you that our piano stock,
both new and second-hand, is the largest west
' of Chicago and Includes the most reliabla
makers to choose from. New pianos sold upon
easy payments of $6 per month: some good
pianos for *3. $4 and $5 per month. SHER-
MAN. CLAY & CO,, Steinway dealers, corner
Kearny and Sutter ?ts.. San Francisco: cor-
ner Broadway and Thirteenth sts.. Oakland.
ATTENTION. BARGAIN-HUNTF.RS—
Kecond-hand upright planc3 from $5.1 up.
Fecond-hand square piancs from $30 up.
Second-hand oreans from T25 up; new upright
pianos from J175 up. BEXJ. CL'RTAZ *•
PON. 16 to 20 O'Farre!!. Ch'ckering. Mason*'
! & Hamlln. Vo«e. Sterling pianos.
A FULL-SIZED upright piano. S35; aix-octav<»
Maron & Hamlln organ, ?-*55; Steinway
square, $100: elegant burl walnut Cameron
upright, used oniy few months, $27">: Bech-
steln baby rrand. almost new. BOWERS &
SON. 23 Fifth st.: IVERS & POND. Agents.
ANY piano sold by us taken back any tim»
within 2 years ) and full purchase price a ; -
lowed on a new peerless Knabe, at regular
price; costs you only 20c a day to buy a plano>
from us. KOHLFR St CHASE. 30 O'Farreil
St.; established 1S5(>.
EXCITING bargains — Three cars new hl^h-
I grade pianos stored with us; ordered sold to
i realize advances and storage; dirt cheap (In-
stallments); open evenings until 9:30. WIL-
SON'S Storage. 1710 Market st.
THE WILEY B. ALLEN CO.. 333 MARKET.
j PIAXOS THE BEST.
• PRICES THE LOWEST.
OUR pianos, the leading makers; Drlee J10O
upward; values best In the city. PIERCE' 3
PIANO FACTORY. Market. 14th & Church.
COJIPEI^LED to sell account departure, new
3-pedal standard upright piano. 777 Geary.
PIANO free: party will give use- of piano to
party who will try to sell it. R. 36. 217 Geary.
UNEEDA a piano far the holidays; rent one:
total cost y.T- 560 Hayea st.
1650 UPRIGHT left on sale; price $153. R. 38.
217, Geary, st. .
J12.-.— SOHLEIP nprisrht. excellent condition.
?7o: Erard upright. Homung. 216 McAllister.
SUPERIOR viollnf. zithers, old and new. H., "
MULLER. maker, repairer, i Latham plac«. ( y
GOOD second-hand upright for sale cheap. tF
PCHMITZ. 11 McAllister st.
AT KKEFFfra 2J Turk st^ near Market—
Shoninger. Schubert and Stelmrar bargains.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In th«
TTnlted Statpg or Canada one year for St-
Oll» ' '
OIL tanks, second hand, in good order; all
sizes; cheap. H. S. WHITE. 516 Mission st.
PERSOSALS^
AUTISTIC hairdressing, 25c, manicuring 25c,
gents' manicuring 50c, by experts; best hair
work at reasonable prices; baths, most ele-
gant in city. 23c; our specialties, scalg, treat-
ment and face massage; Pattl Beauty Cream
EOc; headquarters for genuine Farina Cologne;
dainty Russian tea served free to all visitors
at the BON-TON. 324 Post st.
AN elegant. line of remnants for suits to order.
$13; with these suits wo make an extra pair
of pants free of charge; other suits on install-
ments. Jl weekly. L. LEMOS. 1117 Market
St.. between Seventh and Eighth.
FACE massage, complexion beautifying; latest
Continental methods; electric roleau; super-
needle. MMK. ZEPHET. 125S California st.
GENTLEMAN of refinement, education, prop-
erty. Just from Alaska, desirrs acquaintance
ot yours lady or widow; object matrimony.
HARRY McEDWARDS. Palace Hotel.
ONE BOTTLE of Pinus will cure any case ot
rheumatism, sciatica, neuralgia or gout; pr!c»
$3 50 per bottle. For circulars. Pinus lleU.
Co.. 724 Valencia St.. S. V. ; tel. Church 137\
ELECTRIC light in every room— Winch«»af |fr
Hotel, 44 TihrJ st.. near Market: 7G0 rootr. A
25c \n $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $rt per we»Ti I
free 'bus and baggage to and frcm the feny.
WHY Guess? You enn be certain of style ami
flt by using Standard Patterns; Nov. pattern*
•nd The Designer now ready. J. W. EVANS.
Domestic office. 1021 Market St.. near Sixth.
ICARE and unique presents for the holidays ac
The Old Curiosity Store. US Geary st.. NAV
RAPHAEL: novelties of every description.
WHITE enamel iron bed*, sine'e. three-quart\?r
or double. $2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING*
CO 1310-131S Stockton st.. near Broadway. _
I DO the best ha.'rdrcssinsr -■> the city; ISc fo*p
any style: yru receive pollta attention. G.
LEDERER. '23 Stockton st.
[ SUPERFLUOUS hoir and moles destroyed with
j electrte needle. MI.'S EATON. 1119 Sutter Rt.
I A— IF your hair I* failirsr or ycu are bald cali on
| Dr. G.S. Moore. 333 O'Farrell: send for circular.
.'Mrs Brisrgs — Superfluous hsitr. moles removed
by electric needle. 96S Sutter: tel. Larkln 3171.
MASQUERADE cosfiTnes. play hooks. wlgT;
country order!-. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mrkt.
' Masquerade costumes at H. Anderson's thPatrl-
cal costumer, 26 O'Farrell: country orders.
; DR. LAMOTTE'S FRENCH CORN PAINT.
I th<* fcp«t corn nure: ?3c: all druggists..
! ALFRKDUMS Kjryptian Henna: r*>«=tr>res gray
I hair to its natural color; $1; at all druggists.
ECO MEN wanted to order suits for Jl per we<V'
XECKAUS & CO.. tailors. 11.-. K»arny ft« ; 'W J
i T.»ILOR-MADH suits. S7 50; dres* pants. K~&£
t Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupontl '
j CHEAPEST and best in America— The WeekTr
| Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In th»
: United States or Canada one year fop H.
I sostase paid.PALMISTRY.
i?~j)^:omi-: r^SEXLlABciraiiaciMtaitt.'tSli
rjftlor si., bee Geary fad Post: tci. Black BOL'
KEEROAAK1\ |.res:<Ser.t Gt. GpnraJri f^onese.
r-scis frora | io 4. 7<y Post; pliot-.e Urde 23:vJ.
l*AIKTCns AXO DECOIIATCCS.
H'^jMS jiajicred from ti up: whitenins Uone.
_ llartman Psir.t Co.. m Third: tp\. R«l S^2i. |
f* ' udvicf free; K"J*r.il prsct:tion»!r. i
£ < If*.->/>'_ I _-' VG VXI) TcKXIXG MILLS! j
wool> and Ivory Turaint. liaJCiriK. Khapir.s I
and Sawing. CARL P. HAAS. :;, Freinor.t st. 1
raysiciAss and sikgeo\s. j
Vil. C. C. O'DOXNEIX^Office"and reEidence'. !
HClVj Market et., U?t. Sixth and Seventh. '
DR. \\ ONG HIM, herb doctor, successfully I
treats n'.J fiisfeases of the human body; eee |
tffc-timor.ials at otflcg. 110-117 Mason, nr. Ellis. I
A— DR. WOSG WO, herb doctor: sanitarium.
7<-4-7'T, ciay ft.; ge« testimonials at office.
REAL ESTATE— -CITY — FOR SALE.
REAL ESTATE FOR SAL? """
BY THOMAS MAGEE & SONS.
INVESTMENTS IN THE WHOLESALE
DISTRICT.
Corner, fiftj-vara. in best section, covered
«■* brick buildings; rents $1140 a month.
»^};et St.. 4-s?tory and basiement brick !
bu^T;!?, near Spear; rents to one tenant
xnJux lease.
Mission-st. investment: large lot, 91:fix'
137:6, with extra lot connecting with side
street; near Ma,in et. ; suitable for modern
improvement, and will pay jrood net return.
Mission 6t.. near water front; 45x100; north
side; good building on this lot would pay
WCill.
Beale si., near Mission; 2 water lots.
Eitont-Pt. investment; 84 ft front on East
with large frontage cm 2 adjoining sts. ; cov-
ered with frame buildings; rents ?495.
Fim st., best portion; large lot, ready for
new buildings, and would b« eplendid invest-
ment.
Davis-st. corner investment; 2-story and
r tiwmrat solid brick building:; pays over 5
;.er cent., and will improve tti value; 90x115.
Fine brick building en Mission st., under
lease; $(50,000. „'-, •
Facing on Steuart and Spear sta., 43x275
ft., near Mission.
A bargain; Davis et., 47x137:6 to rear
street, ajid solid brick building, covers whole
lot; rented steadily to one tenant; $55,000.
1ST:6 ft. square on Battery st.. with solid
brick and stone warehouses, near water
•front.
Market-et. lot.. 45:10x137:6; $70,O00; needs
new building.
Larpe lot on Clay et., near permanent
water front.
Mission-st. corner; 55 ft. front; new 6-story
modern buildins recently built: pays over 5
per cent net. and is permanent investment.
gpear-st. Investment: 2-etory brick build-
ing; leased for five years; pays 5% per cent
net; first-class tenant: near Howard.
A fine buy; corner on Davis St.; rents ?60;
cheap.
Battery et. ; corner 25x87:6 and buifcings;
rer.-.s $50: $8000.
ij^ksre corner, 275x300, on Fourth St., in
r^5f ..ciur-rc district.
Of-" St.; 75x119:6; two frontages.
Corner on Mission Et.; 60x80; cheap.
TO LEASE
Xorth Side
Pacific Heights
Residence Completely Furnished
| THOMAS MAGEE & SONS.
5 Montgomery et. •
(FOR SALE
15-roi>m residence North Side Pacific Heights.
Furnished cr unfurnished
f 2"i,00o unfurnished
THOMAS MAGEE & SONS.
5 Montgomery st.
£2u.x:S0 OK the north side of Howard St..
downtown, with 2-story frame building;
I rents $12 to $15 a month; price only $3750.
t THOS. MAGEE & SONS. 5 Montgomery st.
RL LIST of some of the properties for sale by '
W. J. Gunn. 530 California st- : I
Pierce and Green sts.. SW. cor. lot, 25x100; .
Cheap; price now only $2500.
Pierce «., west side; 3 lots, 25x100; adjoin-
ing the corner of Green and Pierce sts. ; (2100
each.
All cf the £bo\-e lots are -well located, on '
elevated ground and but a few eteps from the
cable cars; from Union Et.. along Pierce up
to these lots ere 3 very fine residences with \
spacious grounds and beautiful gardens and | :
this makes th« locality desirable.
Pierce Ft., north of Broadway: a choice lot.
50x100, adjoins a beautiful home that has a
Jarge garden; this lot has all the advantages
■ cf sun and light and ne\-er can be obstructed;
flij» marine view; only $4100; very easy pay- |
mjks can be arranged on all of the above de- j
s/^td lote. including the corner. j
Two-story residence; a very pretty honw; a |
cera with every modern improvement; 1 rooms]
■"^'end bathroom; lot 23x102:6; built but a short j
time; Clay et.. near Walnut; offered on ac- t
I count of departure for Europe at the low !
I price of f5000. ■ ■
Oetavia-st. residence; 2-story: 7 rooms and ]
bathroom; 25x124; price only $4500; the house !
IB in nret-c'.aFs condition and cost $$500; it is 1
the best bargain in the Western Addition and j
ie * fine buy. '
A large number of lots north of the Park;
on all the avenues from 1st to 12th. including '
Eomt choice corners, such as the SW. corner
of Clement and 8th avenue, 132:6x100, for
?5€5<\ which can be improved with stores and
flats: this is the transfer corner and will pay
big interest. I
Lot on north line 26th St., east from Church, !
60x114: $2000.
Pierce and Filbert cts., SW. cor., 62:6x112; a
choice lot cheap; ?4250.
Laguna et., near Green, 25x137:6; £2275; op- j
Tvjsite a mansion with large grounds; street j
bituminized.
Marine view lots, the choicest in the city;
xnust be seen to be appreciated; Green st., near
Devisadero and Devisadero, near Green; signs
on these lots; fcr prices apply at office.
TT. J. GUNN.
+ 530 California street.
•^^ THE undersigned calls the attention of those
[who have property to dispose of in the dis-
trict between 14th and 26th «ts., and on I
streets between Sanchez and Howard, to eub- (
mlt propositions to sell. W. J. GUNN. 530 j
California «t.
IF you have any property to cell on Vallejo.
Green. Union, Filbert or Lombard, west of
Van Ness avenue, then call on the under-
tigacfl. W. J. GUNN, 520 California gt. j
i^Slrent or sale — At Ocean View, in city lim- i
-^f thirty-two fine lots, with house of six !
rooms : will sell or rent very low. Address
box 27CS, Call office.
S1T.V< — MUST be sold: new house. 7 r. & b.: ,
ninny, modern; 23 Cook et.. nr. Point Lobos
ave. ;' payment easy. Owner premises, 2-4.
A BARGAIN — Three lots in the Mission. $1000
each; situated on San Jose ave. and 27th et.
A<J«r«ss .box 2774, CaU office. I
VEW modern house 7 looms, large basemeat ,
end yard; tus u\\ day. Cor. Waller and Por- ;
tcla eti., bet. Pierr* ard Steiner. I
$5600— HANDSOME flats; eacriflce; Liberty
gt.: choice location. Owner, box 2855. Call.
REAL, ESTATE c j^ U^ T j[ lV^5^ r S^^
d!roI~SALE~NEAR SAN FRANCISCO
Small tracts, id to f»0 per at-re, on Rancho
Cotati Sonoma Co.; future value assured, as
San Francisco is jrrowlng rapidly; location
best for poultry and general farming. Apply
to Tne Cotati Co.. 302 California St.. for pam-
phlets snd information.
liOULTHT and <!airv ranches for sale: write for
trmtm'"" liFt - r P- WT?-FIKLP. Petaluma. Cal.
ALAMEDA AJ1YF.8TISEMENIS,
AtAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
BARGAINS: improved Xr unimproved property
acquired by fc.recWtir' • '-i cash. BanV ->f Ala
BEHKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
12 lfoMEiT~rarir:nE in prices from -*2000 to
£3000 on tprrr-s of from JoO to $100 down, all
in the course cf construction; all modem and
v ,ave from 6 room* and bath up to 9 rooms and
'bath; situated on the local Berkeley roai.
dv-lne the same service ar.d time as the Oak-
land local from Seventh and Broadway to
'Jan Francisco. Further information apply
•=-.3 rranclbco - A . j. gNTDfiU.
4C7 Ninth et., Oakland. Onl.
Or Branch Office
A J. HNYDER.
Adelinc-j2ta^lon._Berkel£y : _ ,__
e-^ji—A WELL-BUILT bouse of 6 -rooms and
*"kath .near tfce et»Ucn, on eun.ny eid fe of street;
a bargain.
$33no— New 2-etor>- house of 9 rooms- thor-
oughly mndera In every respect; near electric
House of 6 rooms and bath. Must of railroad,
i Uy tiation. •••
k A titkk'S n"W5 for r» rentf-Tho *****& Ca!! .
& ;t ,;^. l^'r^ n -r fnr mn<Hnr. ?1 »*r v«-.ar.
[■ OAKLASC COTTAGS5 J^J^^L^
CARLAN'i -AiiYKimSBOTV
' » Vi
GFF.Cfc-iliS lit ■ -AHW^Y
OAKL.WD KEAt fcyTA^.'^jfe 1 L
bam.*; dodge & gox. e
1X00 IJrcndway, Oakland.
$::?*£>— Kcr.-.cthing extra nico in the wny of a 0
modern 'u^-to-date. brand now home in Oak-
lend out toward Berkeley; lot 5C>:12*: 7 rooms i;
and lath. Ccl! and Set t;s show you this.
HOUSES cf every description and price for sale
rr rent. Apply to W. E. BARNARD. 1118 s
Broadway: telephone Main 10.
OAKLAX1) FUKXITCIU3 TORgSAJLEJ
AX Introduction to you from H. Schellhaas the =
furniture deaU-r. Hth and FranUlin. Oakland.
ROOMS KOI1 HOISEKEEPBG.^
FIFTH. 353^-3 rooms, furnished housekeeping,
and bath, $20; t> for ?12; also single, $4 to $7. r
HAIGHT. 222—." parlc-ctly appointed house- {
kpg. rms. for coople; sunny; alcove; phone. s
HOWARD. 7C1% — Nicely furnished bay-win-
dow suite; kitchen; man ar.d wife; other^.
JACKSON', i)20. near Mason— Furnished large 1
room: 2 beds: grate cr housekeeping; $9.
LEAVEKWOETH, 517 — 2 or 3 unfurnished
rooms fcr housekeeping.
OCTAVIA, 1403. cor. Geary— Sunny furnished
connecting parlors; mantel, gas stove, closet.
ETOXE. 25. nr. NE. cor. Washington and Pow- ' -
ell — i sunny unfurn. rms.; upper flat; $10.
TEHAMA, 478, nr. Cth— 3 sunny furn. rms., i
complete for housekeeping, $12; no children.
CLASi?iFIEl> advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, g00 Fillmore gt.
A BRANCH orftce for Call advertisements and £
subscriptions has been established at 1CSS
Valencl.. st.
nOOaiS TO LEX Fern, and Unfarn.
ARGYLE Hotel. 234 McAllister— New. elegant,
\ sunny i grill attached: 75c day upward; rates ■
by week or month; McAllister cars to door.
A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE. US Sixth— R<»orns,
25c to tl per night; Jl 23 to $3 per week, and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
BUPvNETT, 1426 Market (old No. 1364)-Fur-
| tiished rms.. suites, single; also unfurnished.
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, corner Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms: prices reasonable.
HYDE. S41— Two handsomely furnished well
lighted rooms, private bath; everything new.
ELLIS, 321. Mozart — Nicely furnished rooms;
35c. $1 50 night:. $1 50. ?0 wk; open all night.
FOLSOM, 742 — An elegant large sunny front
room, suitable for 2; reasonable.
FOLSOM. S20. near Fourth— Furnished rooms,
! f 1 per week.
I FRANCISCO HOTEL— Eleeant suites: single;
i transient; baths. Mrs. King. Turk Sz Taylor.
j FRONT unfurnished connecting rooms with i
alcove: running water; gas; phene; suitable
for light housekeeping. Box 2742. Call.
GEARY. 405. The Navarre — Elegantly furnished
suites and single; travelers accommodated.
GEARY, 1137— Sunny furnished rooms, en suits
or single. '
HOWARD, 728. near Third — Front sunny room,
reasonable.
LOCUST. 125, near Van Ness— A nice front
furnished room; $1 25 per week.
NEW ARLINGTON. 1015 Market— Nicely fur-
nished rooms; £2 a week up; 33c a day up.
O'FARRELL. 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; elec. lights; day. week, mo.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth St..
near Market — Furnished or unfurnished.
STOCKTON. 332— A sunny suite and singles.
neat and clean; bath, phone; prices l<*jv.
SUTTER. S20% (The Stanford)-Suites from $3
to $7: •Blngles. $2 to $5 per week;" transient.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore et.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 109S
Valencia st.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pases, seat to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for %l,
postage paid. • ' j
ROOMS AJfD BOARD.
HOTEL Denniston. cor. Valencia, and 21st sta — j
In the "Warm Belt": free from prevailing '
fogs; choice sunny suits; first class. I
THE Irvingdale, €26 Eddy— Suite suitable for (
three gentlemen with board, $63; single rooms
with board. $22 50 up; excellent table. -_
THE Pierpont, 41S Ellis— Everything new; most ].*
elegantly furnished apartments; first-clasa-
dining-room.
VAN XESS ave.. 1714^ — Select private boarding-
house; sunny front suites; also single; every-
thing first-class; references.
ROOM and board for 2 in elegant furnished
home; sunshine; billiard-room and telephone.
Call 25 Baker st. . 1
NIARA. 615 Tavlor — Nicely furnished sunny j
rooms; excellent board; terms reasonable. J
CALIFORNIA. 807 (Stevenson Mansion)— Select .
fa-nlly hotel: exceptional table; popular rates. ■
HOTEL Repelier. 7S1 Sutter— Newly furnished;
excellent table; special rates to tourists.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions ,
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st | ;
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and I
subscription* has been established at 1096
Valencia St.
ROOMS AXD BOARD WANTED.
"WANTED — Room and board in refined French
family by single lady where she can receive
the benefits of French conversation. Ad-
drese box 2748. CaU. '
YOUNG lady would like room and board in
private family: centrally located; terms reas-
onable. Box 2780, Call office. j
BOARD wanted— Father and two daughters; I
$80: Etate particulars. Box 27.*)6. Call office.
i RUPTURE _ SANITARIUM.
I RUPTURE cured at HUNTER'S SANITa"
j RIUM. 1206 Market st. ; treatment free; only
invention in the world that will not torture.
__ SPECIAL NOTICES.
BAD tenants ejected for S4: collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 415 Montgomery Bt.. rooms 9-10; tel. 55S0.
A WEEK'S news for S cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pagea. in wrapper for mailing. %1 per year.
j SEWIXG SIACHIXES AJfD SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
pairing; lowest rates. Tel. Black 1124, 205 4th.
ALL kinds bought, sold, ' rented, exchange; re-
pairing: lowest rajes; phone Mint 45. 145 6th.
STORAGE AAD WAREHOUSES.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Etorage and Moving Co.,
office Post and Powell sta. ; tel. Main 5713.
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse. 840 Mls-
eion et.; tel. Howard 941. F. W. ZEHFUSS.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Fillmore *t.: phone Jackeon 28L
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 722 Mission st. ;
tel. Main 1840; shipping at cut rates.
TYPEWRITERS AXD SUPPLIES.
GREAtIbARGAINS IN TYPEWRITERS— We
sell better machines for less money than any
house in the city; rentals. $3. The Typewriter
Exchange, 030 California; telephone Main 260.
WEBSTER Typewriter Inspection Co. — Expert
typewriter doctors ;estlmate free. 209 Sansome.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
FOUU OJ! Company — Dividend No. 0 will be
payable December 1C. 1901. at the office -of
the secretary, room 23, third floor. Mills
buildinp. CHARLES MUSAUS, Secretary.
LEGAL ALJVfcllt'riSKiliSXTS.
"'BUSINESS Men's Legal Bureau." consulta-
tion free; in bankruptcy and divorce proceed-
Ingn partien not required to go into court.
Room 611. Examiner bide. : phone Black 3604.
PROPOSALS.
• BIDS Wanted— Nctice is hereby given that
ee&lcd proposals will be received by the Board
of Director* of the Veterans' Home of Cali-
lcrnia. at its cffice.srocm 13, 220 Sansome ei.,
San #"ranciscu, Cal.. up to 10:30 o'clock a. n»..
SATURDAY. December 21. 1901,' and opened !
immediately thereafter in.the presence of bid- j
<2ers, for furnishing and delivering quarter- \
master and commissary eupplle* for the Vet-
erans' Home, Napa County. Cal. (railroad sta-
tion YonntvtUe). for six months commencing
■ January 1. 1902. and ending June ZO. 1902.
Schedules with information and instructions
ior submitting bids will be furnished upon
application by the undersigned. Bidders will
carefully follow the conditions of the sched-
ules, acd no bid will be considered unlesa it is
in accordance with such schedules. Each bid-
der must accompany his bid with a certified
check upon seme well-Unown and responsible
bankine-houfe for ot least 10 per cent of the
amount of his i bid. payable to C. Mahon
ICinne. treasurer, conditioned that the bidder
i will enter into a good and valid contract upon
notice «if acceptance as required by law. The
board reserves the right to reject any or ail
bids and t<> ardi-r any quantity over or under
the amount the^ ifi<;<1 -
Ad<lres» J. J. SCOVILLE. Secretary Board
r,{ Directors of the Veterans' Home of Cali-
fornia room 13 320 Sansome rU, San Fran-
r1*co Cal. By. rrd«*r of th« Board of Dlrect-
ors. " J. J. SCOVILLE. Secretary. .
MABEIAGE LICENSES . /
The (oliowiEs marriage licenses were Issued *
Sf!Stei<3*y: ........
• Robert K. Arrington, 3S, ,Oakland. and Roea \
Ej Tripp, .'■& city.- ■ ' .' • ■ ■ -■ ' j
Re bit t li. C'Brten, ?■}, 838 Green street, and j
Lillian -M. d<? Clark. 21, US8 Green street. ,1
John' Kreoti, ;;:•, 174 Clementina street, an<?.
Sta'.a B. Radulovich. :;S, 10 Is'.ais street. , . i
' John P. Oraalfs, .•)",• 112 San Carlos avenue,
and ATlelhild Behrmnnn. -JS. 0^3 Bryant street.
II. Kinil Kr'jxer, 'J£i, 815 Brannan street, and
Berliift C. Buck. 26, U33A* Minna street.
Heo (Pi Bean. 27. Manila. P. I., and gallie T.
Hurt. "i>. St. Louis, Mo. ■
William S. Foster. 21, 4417 .Eighteenth
strnet. i-.nd Grace L. Melluish, 23, 77 Haight.
Worthlnston Ames, ZO, city, and Norma E.
Prerton, lf>, city. ' '■' ■' '^'
Albert B. Valerea, 23, 3G40 Eighteenth
street, and Mamie Riordan, 21, city.
' BIRTHS— MABBli&ES— DEATHS. ; -
Birth, marriaae • and death notices sent by
mail wlil not be Inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sms authorized to have the same published.
BORN. " *
BOSTROM— In this city. December 11, 1901,
to the wife of C. A. Bostrom. a daughter.
BURTCHAKLL— In Ean Rafael. 10,
1801; to the - wife of E. C. Burtchaell, a
daughter. ! • .
DUMOXTIER— In Oakland, December 11. 1301.
to the wife of - Joseph L. Dumontier, a
dau^iter.
MAHKIED.
AXTON— KOHLEP.— In this city, December
12, 15)01. at the First English Lutheran
Church, by the Rev. Dr. E. Nelander, Fred-
erick Richard Axton and Etta Agnes Kohler,
tooth of San Francisco.
SANBORN— HEISS— In this city, December 11,
11)01, by Judge Carroll Cook, Arthur B. San-
born «nd Blanche L. Heiss. •
TOMPKINS-^MeKEAN — In this city, Decem-
ber 13, 190!. at .046 Folsom street, by the :
Rev. Dr. John A. B. Wilson. Walter George |
Tompkins and Clara Mary McKean, both of j
San Francisco. :
DIED.
Bradv, W. C. Keller, Rosalie
Cain," William T. Kelley, Georee W.
Donaldson, Geo. W. Kunze, Gustave
Fielding, Samuel \V. Lang, Joseph
Godeau, Farfait E. McCarte. Sarah
Guest, Harnette L. Massle, John G.
Hatje, Maria J. Oppenheim, Adolph J
Helmers. Marie Phelpe, Irvine
Herron. Sarah Potter Mary A-
Hollaud, Ellen Ranzau, John P. .
Hudson, Elizabeth Seiferth, Gustave A.
Keenan. Alexander
BRADY — In this city. November 30, 1901, W.
C. Brady, a native of Princeton, 111., aged
41 years.
E^" Friends ■ and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the receiving
vault a't Laurel Hill Cemetery. Funeral un-
der the auspices of San Francisco Lodge Iso.
3, B. P. O. B., and San Francisco Aerie No.
5. P. O. E.
j CAIN— In Berkeley, December 10, 1901, Wil-
liam Thomas, beloved con of John and Mar-
garet Cain, and brother ■ of Charles, Alice,
Annie, Frank. Marffaret, John and Peter
Cain, 3. native of Oakland, aged 19 years.
DONALDSON— In this city. December 12, 1901,
George W. Donaldson, beloved husband of
Fanny Donaldson, and father of John Thad-
deus, Georee Edward, William Charles, Jo-
seph Francis and M. Cecelia Donaldson. Mrs.
i Georee Head. Mra.-J. G. Tillman and Mr-.
J. ' W. Ruser, a native of Tamlaught
O'Crilly, County Derry, Ireland, aged 63
years and 9 days. (Kewanee, 111., papers
pleas p copy.)
tCT Friends and acquaintances are. respect-
fuily Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at l--t>'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 510 Hermann street, between Webster
and Fillmore. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery-
FIELDING — In this city, December 11. 1901.
Samuel W. Fielding-, a native of Ohio, aged
6* years 4 months and 3 days. •
GODEAU— In this city, Decembef 12, 1901,
Parfait Eugene, beloved husband of Benita
Godeau, father of Leontine Weber and Mar-
tha Godeau, brother of Ernestine Boutes,
Josephine Fes and Julius S. Godeau. and
Bon-in-law of Mr. and Mrs. V. Angonnet, a
native of San Francisco, aged 47 years 2
months and 3 days. ,
ItyRemalns at his late residence, 512 Posf
street, until Sunday morning. Friends and
acquaintances are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral to-morrow (Sunday), at 1
o'clock, from, the parlors of his brother,
Julius S. Godeau, 305 Montgomery avenue, ■
thence to Odd Fellows' Hall, Seventh and
Market streets, where services will be held
under the auspices of Franco-Americaine
Lodge No. 207. I. O. O. F. A member of
Franco-Americaine Lodge No. 207. I. O. O.
; F., and of Yosemite Tribe No. 103, I. O.
I R. M.
QUEST— In Oakland, December 13, 1901, Har-
rlette L. Guest, beloved mother of Mrs. E.
JC. WTilte, a native of Maryland.
HATJE — In Alameda, December - 13, 1901.
Maria Johanna Hatje, dearly beloved wife
of the late H. P. Hatje, and beloved mother
ot ■William Hatje, a native of Germany, aged
79 yeara and 7 months.
JC?" Friends and acaualntanceE are respect-,
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2:3<J o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of H. F. Maass, 917 Mission street-
Interment L O. O. F. Cemetery.
HELMERS — In Oakland. December 13. 1901.
Marie, widow of the late William Helmers,
and mother of Brnest and Gretchen Helmers,
a native of Hanover. Germany, aged 45
years 2 months and 28 days.
HERRON — A solemn requiem mass will bs
celebrated for the repose of the soul of the
late Sarah Herron to-day (Saturday), at
Sacred Heart Church, commencing at 8:30
o'clock. Friends and acquaintances are re- %
gpectfully invited to attend.
HOLLAND — In this city, December 12, 1001,
Ellen, beloved wite of John Holland, a na-
tive of Castletown Berehaven. County Cork,
Ireland, aged 61 years.
tc^" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the . funeral to-day
(Saturday), at S:«JO o'clock, from her late
residence, 12tt Duncan street.- thence to St.
Paul s Church, where a solemn requiem mass
will be celebrated for the reposa of her soul,
commencing at 1) o'clock. Interment Holy
Cress Cemetery.
HUDSON — In this city, December 12, 1901,
Elizabeth, beloved wife of the late M. C.
Hudson, and mother of Mrs. John B. Kelly,
a native of New York, aged 56 years.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Saturday), at 10:30 o'clock, from her iate
residence, 4036 Twenty-fifth street. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery, by 11:30 o'clock
train from Twenty-fifth and Valencia streets.
KKENAK — In this city, December 11, 1901.
Alexander, beloved husband of Mary Kee-
nan, and father of James, Ellen, Dr. A: S.,
Mary, Peter, John, Annie and Catherine Kee-
nan and Mrs. J. M. Toner, a native of
County Antrim, Ireland, aged 71 years 8
months and 15 days.
jEJTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully inrited to attend the funeral I to-dav
(Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, 107 Guerrero street, thence to Mis-
sion Dolores Church, where a solemn requiem
hieh mass will be celebrated for the reposs
of hiB Boul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
KELLER — In Oakland, December 13, 1901,
Ro=alie Keller, dearly beloved mother of Mrs.
Sarah Daus and Mamie, Abraham, Hannah,
Lily and Dora Keller, a native of Germany,
aeed fit year*.
KELLEY — In "this city, December 12. 1901.
George W., beloved husband of Salome I E.
Kelley. father of Mrs. T. C. X«e&ry, brother
of C. S.. D. W. and H. E. Kelley, and
grandfather of Elmer R. Leary, a native of
New Hampshire, aged C7 years 7 months
and 7 days. ' . » ■ •
jryFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Saturday), at 1 o'clock, from the family
residence, 1517 Eleventh avenue south. In-
terment Cypress Lawn Cemetery. •
KUNZI3 — In this city, December 12, 1901, Gus-
tave Kunze. beloved soa of P. G. G. and
Maria Kunze, and brother of Annie and Tilly
Kunze, a native of San Francisco, aced a
days.
iryRemains at Suhr & Co.'s undertaking
parlors, 1137 Mission street, between Seventh
and Eighth. Interment Mount Olivet -Ceme-
tery to-day (Saturday), at 1 o'clock.
LANG — In this city, December 12. 1901, Jo-
seph Lan*r, a native of Germany, aged 81
years.
McCARTE— In this city. December 13, 1901,
Sarah, dearly beloved daughter of Daniel
and Mary McCarte. and sister of Mary, Dan-
iel Alex, Joe, Hugh. Archie. Charles and
Arthur McCarte, a native of County, An-
trlm, Ireland. ".' - ' :
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
iSuccessor to Flannagan & Gallagher.)
) DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS,
20 Fifth st., opposite Lincoln School.
~, Telephone' South 80.
JVlt. Olivet Cemetery,
San Mateo County.
CTRCl: -i MAHKET 'STRRTIT.
3. HENDERSON, Manager./ ;
27 and 20 Fifth St. Tel. South 197 1
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.B
Finest . Equipment at ' Moderate Ri\l cs. jt
f~ JAMBS McGINN, ■
1 Formerly with McGinn Bros., has opened
0 new Funeral Parlors at 214 Eddy St., bet.
1 Taylor and Jones. Telephone South 57G.
ti IsEvV PIKAVOlV.UflDtiisTAtfBRtt.--^
Samuel McFadden, 18 years manager for
§ the United Undertakers" Association: M. J.
fi McBrearty. with the same company for 18
years: P. F. Green, lafcs with J. CO' Con-
nor & Co.. have opened new Funeral Par-
ti )orj< st ]1"1 • Mission street/between Seventh
f and Eiffhth. Telephone South -44. ■>---■
MAPSIE In this - city, December." 12, - 1901,
John G. Maeale. beloved father of John A.
JIaPKie <a member- of •' the " Order of Railway
Conduetors), a native of Scotland, aged 58
' years and 5 months.
OT^^riends nr.d acquaintances are respect-
lully invited tc attend the funeraV services
to-mcrrow <Sun<3ay), at 2 o'clock, at his
late residence. 1015 Linden street, Oakland.
Interment Mountain View Cemetery.
OPPENHEIM— In this city. December 12, 1001,
Adolph, beloved husband of Lena Oppen-
heim, father of Morris Oppenheim, and step-
father of Michael Lazarus, a native of East
Prussia, Germany, aped 47 years 8 months
and 5 -days. ■■ c ■
PHELPS— In this city, December \ 13, 1901,
Irving, beloved son of Almerne and Katie
Phelp», a native of San Francisco, ajred 2
months and 1-i days. -.
POTTER — In this city, December • 13, 1901,
Mary Anna, beloved daughter of .'John and
Mary Potter, and sister ot Thomas E. and
John Potter, a native of San Francisco, aged
20 years 1 month and 10 days.
RANZAU — Tn this city. December 12. 1901,
John P. Ranzau of Grants Pass, Or.,. a na-
tive of Germany, aged 71 years. .... "
SEIFERTH— In Jlooretown, Butte County,
i Cal., December S, 1901, Gustave Albin Sei-
fertli, a native of Germany, aged 38 years.
(C?"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Saturday), at 10 o'clock, from the parlore
of H.-F. Suhr & Co., 1137 Mission street,
between Seventh and E.'ghth. Interment Cy-
press lAwn Cemetery.
Florist Go.
ARTISTIC FLORAL DESIGNS
Prices Reasonable.
107 POWELL ST.ncaaELUS 2BK 5050
. y NOTICE TO_PATRONS:
- Owing to the large size of The
Call's Christmas Edition to be issued
Sunday, December 15, and the great
voluxne of "extra advertising already
received, no advertisements of any
desciiption will be accepted for pub-
lication in that issue after 9:30
p. m. Saturday. The . Christmas
Call will be the largest, nnest and
most elaborately illustrated 'noliday
edition published on the Pacific Slope.
Send a copy to your Eastern friends.
Ready for mailing 5 cents per copy.
BE AL ESTAfTE TBAJSTS ACTION'S.
Leonard R. and Enid A. Rosenberg to Mary
Rosenberg, undivided one-quarter interest in
lot on S line of Sacramento street, 167:6 E
of Webster. E 73:1% by S 132:8%; $10. -
Elizabeth G, Deutch and Charles H. Mc-
Mahon to Frank 'J. Stan ton, lot on SW corner
of Sutter and Buchanan streets, S 25 by W 87:6;
also all interest in estate Feter McMahon;
$1000
Mary E Secor (Joost) and Herbert F. Becor
to Henry F. Blanchet Jr., lot on S line of
Fell street, 55 W of Buchanan, W 27:6 by S
j' J. and Julia Rauer to Mary , Misgell
(widow), -lot "on SW corner of Ellis and Steiner
streets W 90 by S 25, quitclaim deed; $10.
William J. and Hachel G. Gerrard to Felix
Marcuse lot on NW corner of Union and
Pierce streets, N 110 by W 37:6; $10.
Citv and County of San Francisco to Julius
Soboslay, lot on N line of Golden Gate avenue,
150 E of Devisadero street, E 30 by N 75;
$ .
J J and Julia Rauer to Joseph and Kather
ina Band, lot on E line of Valencia street, 80
S of Eighteenth, S 25 by E 80. quitclaim deed;
$90. •
Joseph Meyerstein to Fredrica, Rebecca,
Julius and Ida Meyerstein, lot on W line of
Mission 6treet, 30 N of Sycamore (Willows)
avenue. N 23:4 by W 80; gift.
Simon and Sophie Clayburgh to George W.
Fennington lot on E line of Siiotwell street,
150 S of Twenty-fourth, S 50 by E 122:0; $10.
Estate Anna Conn (by Adolph Unger and
Hugo Rothschild, executors) to A. Satter, lot
on N line of Sutter street, 107:6 E of Grant
avenue (Dupont), E 30 by N 00; $66,250.
Bertha Furstenberg- (by attorney) to same,
same; $100. •
Maria Douglass to Giuseppe Foppiano, lot on
W line of Dupont street, 30 N. of Greenwich,
N 18 by W 57:9; $10. : ■
Estate of William T. Douglass <by Frank It.
McCann and James E. Connell, executors) to
same lot on W line of Dupont street,' 36 N of
Greenwich, N 18 by W 57:6; ?1350. : ,■
Samuel R. Crooks vs. Jonathan J. Crooks et
al (by John T. Harmes, Gustave H. Umbsen
and Peter J. Sullivan, referees) to Margaret J.
Morffew Florence A. Browne, Amanda C.
Crooks and Thomas A. Keogh (trustee Robert
L Crooks, minor), lot on W line of ,Dupont
street 137:0 S of Jackson, W 137:0 by S 48;
$20,000. ' f
Augiiste Carle to Sam Weil, lot on N line of j
RuEsell street, 200 TV of Hyde, .W 20 by N
60; ?1. ' ~ ' " " :--""
. Samuel R. Crooks vs. Jonathan J. Crooks et
al by J T. Harmes, Gustave H. Umbsen and
Peter J. Sullivan, referees) to Margaret J.
Morffew, Amanda C. Crooks. R. S. Browne,
Samuel R. Crooks and Thomas A. Keogh (trus
tee Robert L. Crooks, minor), lot on SE line
of Stevenson street, 117:6 NE of Third, NE 60,
SE CO SW 20, SE CO, SW 47, NW 69, NE 7,
NW 60; $26,500. ■ • ,
■ Same to same, lot on SE line. of Stevenson
street 57:0 NB of Third. NE 60. SE 69, SW 7,
SE 60 SW 27:6. NW 38. SW 4, NW SI, SW
21-6 NW 69; $40,400.
George and Wilhelmina Raith to Delia Mc-
Devltt lot 0n SW line of Morris avenue (Park
avenue), 200 SE of Bryant street, SE 25 by
William H and Georelna G. Buckler to Ed
ward J. L.e Breton, lot on N line of Lake street.
120 E of Fifth avenue, E 340, N 780:6, SW
267:3% S 376:10. W 101:3%. S 357 11-16 In
outside' lands, containing 5V 2 acres; $10.
Elizabeth Sher'er (widow) to Charles Berg,
lot - on SE corner of Bosworth and Cuvier
streets S 100 by E EO, lots 14 and 15, block 10.
DeBoom Tract; $10. . ,■„..." ..
Letitia-M., Ada C, John W. f Mary N
Joseph R.. Charles B., Caius T. and Dwight
E Ryland and Harriet R. Irby (Harriet C.
O'Keefe) to Lexington Realty Company (a cor
poration) in city and county of San Francisco
and portion in San Mateo County, lot on S line
of Sunny Dale avenue, 521 :S E of Mllliken
street E I 224:5, E 277:4. N 224:5, W 277:4:
also lot on W line of Milliken street, 185:10
S of Sunny Dale avenue, W 244:4 by S 65;
also commencing at a point bearing. N 13 de
grees E 330:1 from stake marked 4, on the
shore line of the Bay of San Francisco, be
ing 66 from N line of Sunny Dale avenue, !
NE 206:8, E 15 degrees, S 238:11. SW 206:8, j
NW 238:11; also lot on E line of Milliken !
street, 25 S of Sunny Dale avenue, E . 105 :8 by
S 35; also commencing at a point on the pro
longation of E line of Loehr street. 293:0Vi
S of Sunny Dale avenue, W 33, S 324:0%.
E 280, N 324:0%. W 253; nlso commencing
at a point on prolongation of W line of Al
bert street. 293:0% S of Sunny Dale avenue,
E S3 S 324:0%. W 572. N 255. E 286, N
69 0% E 253, being a portion of Rancho Can
ada de Guadalupe Visitacion T Rodeo Viejo;
also lots 1 to 13 and 30 to 43, block 550, Bay
Park Addition Homestead Association; also un
divided three-quarters interest in lot on NE
line of Fifteenth and De Haro streets, E 200,
N 18:2% NW 310, S 253:2: $10.
Charles E. and Harriet V. Foye to Stephen
\j Piper lot on NE line of Eighteenth avenue
South 75 NW of J street South, NW 225 by
NE 100, lots 13 to 15.' block 350. South Fran
cisco Homestead and Railroad Association; $10.
- Lillian L. McCarthy to E. Avery McCarthy,
lots 1 to 60, block 13, and lot 9, block E, Lake
view; $10. "
Emanuel and'Therese Lewis, Albert M. John
son (as trustee under . 1719 D. 218, Albert M.
Johnson). R. B. ■ Armstrong (as trustee under
1719 D. 218 and 1848 D. 109, R. B. Armstrong).
Joseph and Evelyn Cowing. J. J. Rauer and
California Safe Deposit and Trust Company, (by
S. Joseph Theisen, commissioner) to Theodore
F Rosenthal, lot on N corner of Edinburgh and
India streets,; NW 100 by NE 150, block 33,
Excelsior Homestead Association; $1221.
Maude H. Norton (Henarie) and Edward A.
Norton to Joseph M. Strauss, lot on S line
of Geary street, 112:6 W of Buchanan. W 25
by S 05; $10. . ■■-...• -
Estate of Joseph M. Wood (by Abbie R. and
Martha Wood, executrices) to Henry Hoffmann,
lot on NW corner of Steiner and Green streets.
N 27:6 W 100. -N 55, E.100, N 55, W 137:6,
S 137:6, E 137 :<»; $6060.
Kate M. | McCarthy . (widow) to same, lot on
W line of Steiner street, 27:6 N of Green, N
55 by W 100: ?10. ■ '
Edward and Sarah A. Philips to Archie Mc-
Bride, lot on E line of Broderick street. 112:0
N of McAllister, N 25 by E 112:6; $11,000.
City and County of San Francisco to Frances
Roee lot on NE corner of Fell street and Ma
sonic avenue. E '31 :3. N 137:0. W 10:9.. SE
277:10, SE 7S:7%, .NW 10:6%, S 0-1:5; $ -.
John and. ; Luna Stierlen to Thomas ; R.
Browne, lot on E line of Masonic avenue, 28
N of Frederick street, N 25 by E 91; ?1O. ■
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
VrUSS HOUSE.-.
J M Jones, Colusa : Mrs H T Brown, Wash
T Grattan, Heddlng; Mrs R Spencer, Seattle
II V ■ Vanderhoof , Cal H Atwater, Vacavllle
F B Cornice, Sta Rosa A J Cole & w, Cal
HP Nicholson, Cal F M McPhiterg, Oakld
R R Patterson, Berkly Capt A Bith. Alaska
S Bailey, Berkeley I W L. Richardson, N T
Mies V Howard, PortldJE Messlck, N ( Y -
R S Huey, Big Pine M L, Hunt, Cal .
H E Woest & w, Biggs! R J Storey & w, Cal
G Rowell & w. Bigg's ■ N Larsen, St Helena j
T B Kay, Salem • : . L, L. Gilbert, St'Loula-*'
Mrs B Dunlap, Spokan W A Walker, Biggs
Mrs K Morris. Spokane j L. Grandi & w. PtReys
A M Morse, KansasCty W, H Newport & w, O
■ Mrs P: Mugler, Siaaon 1 C,T Gott, Howards •
E Wilkinson, Portland 1 C Hilty,, Manila'
AH Aseitine, N Y_\ >C T Brings & w Ogdn
M S Freeman,. StaCruz] Miss J.Brigge, Ogden
A Carmichael & w.BC J Allen, Sacto
. NEW WESTERN, HOTEL.
E Shafer, Mare Island I A. J .Underbill, Md
F J Edwards, Oakland ED McCarmack, Md
J Blacklock, S Rafael. A ■ I. . Delf raise. New ' O
G Limbach,. Pa F Buchen, Mich ~
I H Kellogg, Chicago P Trapp, MicU , V S
E Beckley. Ky J G Joly, ', Honolulu ■
CMartin; Petaluma R,S Huey, Bie Pine
W Uttlefteld, Oregon B Svensen, • Portland
H Nelson. Orejron •■ T A Murray, Conn ;
J Wlckham, San Jose S H Moss, Chicago • '.'■
LITTLE DAMAGE
BY THE FROST
Benefits Some Orchards
by Checking Early
Budding.
Snow Falls in El Cajon Val
ley for- Third Time in
' Its History.
Special Dispatch to The Call,
LOS- ANGELES, Dec. 13.— The lowest
point the mercury has- reached around
Los : Angeles Is 31 degrees. Citrus fruit
has not suffered in the cold snap that has
prevailed since Wednesday. Confidential
reports from agents, received by the
Southern California Fruit Exchange to
day, were to the effect that there had
been no damage. The wind prevailing
last night and at an early hour this morn
ing saved the citrus fruit. At the office
of the | Fay Fruit Company it was said
that .while there had been some alight
damage lp' certain sections, the prange
crop had not suffered perceptibly. The
Earl Fruit' Company reports no damage
as far as heard frpm. The Santa Fe and
Southern Pacific unite in saying that tne
cold snap has npt been productive of
harm. The temperature was lowest in
the vicinity of Santa Ana and the south
ern coast section, where the mercury fell
to 29 degrees..
SAN DIEGO, Dec. 13.— This section ,is
experiencing the coldest weather that has
been known here in years. In low places
in the valleys and along the coast there
was -a slight frost last . night. In San
IMego the weather bureau reports a min
imum temperature of 35 degrees, but that
is at the weather station at the tdp of
the Keating block. It was cooler than
that on the street below and much colder
at the sea leveL White frost was seen
on the wooden sidewalks, a new sight for
San Diegans. . In Mission Valley, at Na
tional and at Chula Vista the vegetable
gardens were quite badly frost bitten, and
there was some fear that oranges and
lemons might be affected disastrously,
but citrus fruits are not set out . In the
low places of the valleys and along the
coast and that is where the extremely
low temperature is always found. To
night seems as cold as last night and
orchardists fear for their trees. Snow, fell
this morning In El Cajon Valley for the
third time' in its. history. ■
SANTA ROSA, Dec. 13.— Sonoma County
has had very heavy frosts the last few
mornings, but it is generally believed
that they have been a help rather than a
detriment to the fruit. The warm rains
three and four weeks ago. advanced the
crops to such an extent as to alarm
farmers, but the frost will keep back the
buds. In the northern part of the county
it slightly damaged citrus fruit.
SACRAMENTO, Dec. 13.— The frost this
morning did some damage to lettuce, caul
iflower and asparagus. While it thus af
fected tender garden plants and flowers,
reports received from the fruit growing
sections indicate that it has done no dam
age to the citrus fruits. Weather Ob
server Scarr had warned the orchardists
and gardeners of the. approach of. . the
frost, and in consequence they were pre
pared to meet it and minimize its effects, j
The state of the atmosphere to-night
would point to more frost in the morning.
REDWOOD CITY, Dec. 13.— For several
nights past this neighborhood has been
experiencing very cold weather. This
morning . the ravages of frost could be
seen on every hand. Gardens were blight
ed and young vegetables killed. Consider
able harm has also been done to pastur
age, which was becoming very luxuriant.
The^frost lasted until well along in the
day. To-night gives promise of" being as
; cold as last night, and another severe
frost is looked for.
BAKERSFIELD, Dec. 13.— The ground
this morning was white with frost. The
early hours were - the - - coldest recorded
this season." The standpipes about the
city were frozen and have bursted, and
from many residences come reports that
water pipes are frozen. The sky is clear,
and, though there is a slight wind, the air
is e'xceedingly cold and frosty.
SALINAS, Dec: 13.— There have been
killing frosts In this vicinity the past
three nights. The minimum temperature
registered was 28 ' degrees. Orchardists
are pleased, as this will have the effect of
keeping back the buds and young shoots
which were forming under the last warm
spell. Although ice formed in many
places, no damage is reported except to
light vegetables and flower beds. Beet
gathering Is progressing finely.
PACIFIC GROVE, Dec. 13.— This entire
section was visited by frost last night.
Tender plants and shrubs were affected,
but no material damage is reported. The
weather for the past forty-eight hours
was the coldest of the season.
Estates of the Dead.
The estate of Frederick William Becker
has been apraised at $47,392. It consists of
real estate, promissory notes and $19,158 16
cash. ' . ' . " :
A report of the sale of 1950 shares of
stock of the firm of B. Martln'& Co., part
of the estate of the late D. V. B. Henarie,
was filed yesterday. Arthur Silverberg
purchased the stock' for $107,250.
The will of, Joseph Bellamy Firth, who
died on the 9th inst., was filed for probate
yesterday. He leaves an estate valued at
120,000 to his widow, daughter and a
nephew. • ■
Copies of the great Christmas edi-
tion can be obtained from all agents,
newsdealers, newsboys and at the
Business Office of this paper.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
Continued From Page Ten.
10 Alaska Packers' Association... ..163 75
- - Street— •"• ' -, '••.•.-■
$4000 Bay Counties Power Co 6s...... 108 50
$3000 S P of Cal 1st cons 5a. '."..HO 00
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
10 Peerless 5 12^
100 Sterling ............■.......;.... 1 12&
: Afternoon Session. . ...
100 Caribou -. 75
100 El Dorado 23
1000 Giant ...., 2&
150 Home 3 35
400 Lion .:.: ..:*.....•. — ...:.. . 07
1000 Oil City Petroleum .' '.... 20
100 Petroleum Center :......-, 04 '
500 Reed Crude 33
V. . ■.•"'.-•MINING STOCKS. /
. The following were . the sales . in the San
Francisco Stock and ■ Exchange • Board yester
. ■ Morning Session.
,'M)0 Belcher ..... 12, 500 Overman ...... 02
300 Gould & Cur. 01 j 200 Sierra ,Nev. .. . 15
1000 Ophir ....... bOllOOO Silver «JHill. .. 28
Afternoon Session.-.
100 Justice ...... Oil 400 Savage 03
" 200 Ophir ....... 651 500 Silver Hill..., 2$
The following were the sales in the Pacific
Stock \Exchange yesterday:
- Morning Session.
200 Con C & V.I C2i* 200 Sierra Nev. .. 15
HOO Gould &* Cur. .04 200 Silver Hill... 28
200 Ophir ... 60 500 Union Con... 03.
' Afternoon SesBion.
200 Best & Belch. 13 200 Ophir 66
500 Best & Belch. 12 100 Sierra Nev... 15
100 Con C & V.I 02% 100 Sierra; Nev... 14
300 Gould & Cur. 03 100 Silver Hill. . . 27
200 Mexican ' . |fcl3 MX) Silver Hill ... 26
300 Mexican .....' 12
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
FRIDAY, Dec. 13— 4 p. m.
Bid. Ask. '■.■' -. r . Bid. Ask.
Alpha ....... — 02 Justice ..*... 01 02
Alta ..... 05 00 Kentuck ..... — 02
Andes' ...... .V— 02 Lady Wash . . 01 —
Belcher ..... .12.. 13 Mexican 11 12
Best & Belch. 12. 13 Occidental :.. 03 04
Bullion ....-- 02 ?• (M Ophir ....... M 65
Caledonia .... 15 £ 17 Overman .... 02 03
Challenge Con - 00 10 Potosl ....... 03 0-1
Chollar 03 04 Savage .. 03 04
Confidence .... 50 52 Scorpion , — . Ot
Con Car & V.I. 60 1 C5 Seg Belcher. ; 01
Con Imperial; — . 01 Sierra Nev. .. 14 15
Con New Yk: 01 — Silver Hill... 27 28
Crown Point. 01. 0? St Louis ..... —^ 04
Eureka Con.. 14 — Standard ....3 50 3 85
Exchequer ... — 02 Syndicate ... 05' 07
Gould & Cur. ; 04 05 Union Con... 09 10
Hale & Noro. . 13 ' 14 Utah ..05 07
Julia ........ , — 01 Yellow ; Jacket/ 05 00
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Genuine GARTER'S LITTLE LIVER PILLS must
n bear signature of •p^w^^gf,
Very sicall and as easy
- - to *»^ ga as sugtur.
OCi: I M An-rrrfft" FOR HEADACHE. QCC
SEE CARTERS FOR D1ZZIMESS. - MBl
FOR BILIOUSNESS. ftPllftllIP
GENUINE Wivfr for torpid liver. GENUINE
M PI I LS F0R COMSTIPATIOM.
WRAPPFR MZM FOR sallow skih. WRAPPER
WnArrtn gjsaal 1 for the complex; oh " nni l un
.: )' " I GENUlNli MUST HAVtWHATUItC.
"PRUSTTED O2T RED PAPER."
MILITIA INCURS
THEIR CRITICISM
Labor Delegates Talk of
the and
v Strikes.
SCRANTON, Pa., Dec. 13.-Thp conven
tion of the American • Federation of . La
bor held three sessions to-day arid dis
posed of more business than on any pre
vious day. of the meeting. One of the
principal features of to-day's proceedings
was the refusal of the proposition to in
crease the number of vice presidents from
six to eight. . ' '
A resolution instructing unions to hold
aloof from the militia of the several
States was tabled. Strong language
against the militia in times of strikes was
used. The convention decided to increase
the per capita tax of national and inter
national unions from one-third to one
half of 1 per cent per member per month,
and also organized to raise the per cap
ita, tax of Federal and local trade unions
from 5 to 10 cents a month for each mem
ber, the increase of 5 cents to go toward
the raising of a defense fund for those
unions. ' . ' •
The convention decided to taJse no ac
tion on a. resolution condemning anarchy
and a resolution protesting against ship
subsidy legislation, because the American
Federation of Labor is already on record
as decidedly against anarchy and ship
subsidies. The federation decided to drop
the resolution denouncing the English
Government for its war against the
Boers, because the American Government
is now engaged In 1 a movement of a simi
lar character, and Because such a reso
lution has no place in a labor convention.
These resolutions were adopted:
Instructing the president to telegraph a
protest of the American federation of
Labor to the President of the United
States against the confirmation of the ap
pointment of Frauds Baker as Judge of
the United States Circuit Court of Ap
peals in Indiana, on the ground that his
father, Judge John H. Baker, had grant
ed injunctions against union workmen; in
structing the legislative committee to In
vestigate the report that the immigrant's
killed in the railroad wreck near Seneca,
Mich., recently were brought to this
country In violation of the immigration
laws. . •
Consideration of the report of the com
mittee on boycotts consumed much of
the time of the evening session. There
was a struggle over the matter of boy
cotting a cash register company of Ohio.
The company was placed upon the "un
fair" list by a. large vote.
LADIES' AID HOLDS
j AN ENTERTAINMENT
* Ladies' Aid, Third, Section, California
M. E. Church, gave a very delightful en
tertainment last night In the church par
lor. An entertaining programme of reci
tations, vocal and instrumental music
was rendered. The- church parlor was
tastefully decorated for the occasion. Red
streamers were suspended about .the par
lor and festoons of pepper wood berries
were suspended from the chandeliers.
The young people of the church contrib
uted greatly to the success of the enter
tainment and furnished several of the
most enjoyable numbers of the pro
gramme. At the conclusion of the event
refreshments were served. The' pro
gramme was as follows:
Prayer Rev. A. C. Bane; overture, "Living
Pictures. 1 '' California-street M. E. Band; recita
tion. Miss Ethel Myers; Orphens Quartet, C. M.
Winchester, Charles Petrie. Fred Grannis,
Harry Simpkin; piano duet, Mrs. Webster Well
banks, Miss Neamata V. Van Pelt; bass solo,
F. P Jayne; recitation, Mies Anna Lear;, vocal
solo," Mrs. T. J. Strowbridge; piano solo, Ml*s
Neamata V. Van Pelt. -
. RAILWAY TRAVEL. *
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LiSSSEiES
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon Ferry. Foot of Market St.
f^an Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DAYS — 7:30. 0:00. 11:00 a. m.; 12:33,
3:30, 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra
trip at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays — Extra trips at
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 9:30." 11:00 a', ra.; i:30, : 8:30,'
5:00, C:20 p. m.
bnii Rafao! to San Francisco. *'
WEEK DAYS— 6:10,^7:50, 0:20, 11:10 a. m.;
12:45, 3:40, 5:15 p. m.' Saturdays — Extra
trips at 1:55 and 0:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:10, 0:40, 11:10 a. m. ; 1:40. 3:40,
5:05. 6:25 p. m. ' ' '"
Leave I In Effect I Arrive*
San Francisco. |Apr. 'JS, 1901] San Francisco.
Week I Sun- I ~| Sun- j Week
Days. I days. | Destination | days. | Days.
7:30am 8:00am Novato, 10:40am| 8:40am
3-30pm 9:30am Petaluma, 6 :05pm 1 10 :25am
5:10pm 5:00pm Santa Rosa. 7 :35pm 1 6:20pm
• - , Fulton,
7-30am ' Windsor, . • . /10:25am
5:00pm Healdsburg, 10:40am '"■;'- t ry^
[-. . ■ Lytton, ' ■;■.
'. - ' ' • Geyservllle,
3-30pm 8:00am Cloverdale, 7:35pm 6:20pm
7 -30am 5:00pm Hopland, 10:40am 10:25am
3:30pm 8:00am and Ukiah: 7:35pm 6:20pm.
7 -30am "^ T ~- 10:40am 10:25am
: 8:00am Guerneville. 7:35pm
3:30pm 5:C0pm - ■ ' 6:20pm
7:30am 8:00am Sonoma 0:15am 8:40am
• . ' . and ' ■■'■'.'■•■■
5:10pm 5:00pm Glen Ellen. 6:05pm 6:20pm
7:30am| 8:00am|. |10:40am|10:25am
3:30pm| 5:00pm| Sebastopol. |. 7 :35pm| 6:20pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark "West
Springs and .White Sulphur Springs; at Fulton
for Altruria; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at
Geyserville for Skaggs Springs; at Cloverdale
for> the Geysers r at Hopland for Duncan
Springs Highland Springs. Kelseyville; Carls-
bad Springs, Soda Bay, Lakeport and Bartlett
SDrings; at Ukiah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga
Springs Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake. .Witter
SDrings' Upper Lake, P»mo, Potter Valley,
John-Day's- Riverside, Llerley's, Bucknell's.
Sanhedrtn 'Heights, Hullville. Orr's Ilot
SDrings Mendocino City. Fort Bragg. West-
Dort Usal, Wlllits, Laytonvllle. Cummins,
Bell : s Springs, Harris, Olsen's, Dyer, Scotia
al Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at rc-
U <Dn Sundays round-trip tickets'' to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates. •
Ticket office, €50 Market street. Chronicle
bU H dl C K - WHITING. R. X. RYAN,
" ' • Gen.". Manager. Gen. Pass. Agt.
S~%^ Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
fl.ii»Ml fig9 KBABST ST. Established
Umir^sSmln 1SS4 for the treatment of 1'rlvate
&J Jlw^Sw DlMi-ases, Irf)st Manhood. Debllltv or
BH»P5^rfV disease wearlnson body and mind and
Diseases. The Doctor cures when
iftll. Try him. Charges low.
iP^Sff^fg'iffifl*' urn gnnrnnlffd. Cull or writa.
Dr. 4. *'. «IBBOM . aau Francisco. Cai. _
> RAILWAY TBAVIX.
SOUTHERN PAOIPIO.
Train !•••»*• »u«l »r» *■• »«» »rrl»« »•
NAN riU»«!IM'».
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street)
LKAVC — KBOM DICK3CBIB 6. 1301. — AMMtXTU
T:SOa Beuida. Sulaun, Elmir* and Bacra-
meuto... 5!3.ip
*:00a Vtc»till«. Winten,'Eumsey 7:53*
? tSOA NUrtiuaz, Sail lUmoo. VaUejo. Napa,
C'allatoga and S»nt* Ito»a fliSSP
8:OOa Datia, \Vo.odlmnd. KnlgUU Landing.
Marjsfiile. trtorllle. 7:5Sp
StOO* A tlantie Kxprew— Ogdou and Kaat , S:S3a
8:0«a Nil«B, Uthrop, Stockton 7:23*
SxOOANUes, MendoU, Hwiford, Visall*. „
Porterrille 4j33»
•stttA Shssu Expresa— Daris, WilUama (for
Bartlett Springs). Willows, Bed
Bluff, Fortland. 7«53r
• i«»* Sail J«h, Livermore, HtockUm,
lone, fiaeramtnto, Plaeerrille,
M»ryiTille, Chleo. 1".b4 ItluiT 4i83r
»iS»» O*kd»lf.Chine»e,8onora, Tuolumna 4i«3»
«:O»a Harvard. Milea aud Way SUtioua.. 1 1 :»3 A.
ttiOOA VaUejo laiSS*
UiUOa 1*3 Angola* Kxpreaa — Alartiuez, ,-
Traoy, Laihrop, Stockton, Merced
Fresno and Lei Anjales 7:3o a
OiSOa Vallein, Martiuox ami War SUtioiu 7193*
I OittOA The Of erland Limited— Ogden, fcen-
Ter. Omaha. Chicago «?'* s *
«l:OOr Sacraiueuto KlwrSttinen flllO**
Si«»r ISenicin, Winters. Haormniento. -.-.,:
Woodland, Knlidiks Lundun,
ftlMrrsvllle. Oravllle I«sS5a
3:30p Hnyward, NUet and Wai Stations.. 7i»3*
4iWUr MarUiiex. Hau Uaiuou. Vallelo.
Nap*. CalUtoga. Santa lto«a .I'55 F
4sOOp Kllea. Urermore, Stockton. Lodl... t*Mf
4:.(t»r Htjwtrd. Nile«, bau Jo»«s UTermoro |8»»o*
4:3(>pTho Owl Limited - Fieino, TuUre,
. Bakersdeltl. Saiiri* 'or 8(»uU Bar-
bnra, Loa Auxele* »i33*
StOOp Port Costa. Tracy. Lathrop, Stockton IoiSSa
5:OOr Martlnf z, Antioch, Stockton. Met-
oed.Fre*no 1>J f5*
H:«»p Havwaru, Miles aud Hau Joie !'£•«*
<B:OOp Vallejo II»»3*
fliOOp Oriental M»il-Oj<ien, Dearer,. •
Omaha, St Louis, Chicago «i2»A
"iOOp Oregon and California Ki|>raui,Hae>
ra«i«iiti.. KJaryaiiH*. lt<nl.1f»K. .___
. I'urtlHiul. I'M got rlouixt mi%a Kaat »s5»*
8t«3rSan Pablo. Port Costa, Martlnw
ami Wa» titationa II: 2?*
t»:03p Vallxj*. isSZ*
COAST L»INE (N»rr«w «*»*»),.
(Foot otMnrket Street.)
Kit 3 A Newark, Ueiitortiile,8au.l oee, Vv\ ton.
Boulder Cri'ek.Sauta Crux »udWa> .
Station* itant
13i I Sr Newark, C'eiilerfUle. 8an Jnie, Now
Almatlen. Fulton. llouUW (,'ruek,
' San!* Ciui and trluolpat Wa»
StAtlou* -• !••»•*
-liISp Newaxit, H«ii Jotie, Lou Galoa t*»:5i»A
a9.3»r Hunters' Tralu-Ssn Jcse and Way
Statlona 17.80*
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
From SIS f RA85UCO— Tw* »l lt«k«t Street (Slip 8V—
}'i:15 8:00 11:00a.m. 1:03 3:03 B:13r".
frouiOllUHB— P«»«?BM»aw»j.— tfi;<)0 UM t3:0f
10:00 vm. K:03 8.03 t-.OJr.u.
COAST IilNE (ISroa.l ««a K e).
fnilnl ainlTo-viiMii.l Wtai.)
«:IOa 8au Jose»ndW»y Htations '2 :l °*
7:00a Xan Jorie nt«l W»» .St»ti<>im „.. 1as*n»T
/7t»»* Now Aliradeii. ...~ /-Ill**
S-.««ACo»st Line Limited — t*an Jew. •
Gllri y. Ban Lnis ObUpo.
Santa,. Barbara, ton Angelcm and -
principal intermediate stations.... IO:43»
!»tO«A Hun .!<>«>-. Ties i'iuo3. .Sunta *'wr..
rnciiic Uri>r^, rallnss i?an Lnh
Obispo ami Principal i<itermet]i*te
st«i:..iw... 4:IOj>
KCUOa Sun Ji sc a>-I Way Sta«ians_ — «j3«a
llsa'.iA Haii .loMRinl Way SbtLiona «;■!«*
tZilftp San Aiakfj). KutlwooJ. Menlo Tark.
Palo Alto. Santa C'iura. .S»u .lose,
Tk« Pino*. Santa Climt. Saltnua,
Muntareyiufl l'»cilic <4r«TB M»:«A
S:3«r Kan Joeo »»«! Way KtnUona.... li»»»
t4sl»r Sfcii.liiHranil Prixoipal "'»> MtaUmta S.UOf
4:30r Sunset limited — M onoaya, Wedn^s- . ;--j •
•lays, fridayK. for Loi Angeles, El
Paso New Orleans and New York.
Arrive* Sundays. Tuesdays and
Thursdays »O>1S*
tStOOrSan .lose, Los Gatoa and Principal
Way .Stations 1»=O©»
,*>::;or S»u.J«a« »u.I Principal TVity StatUnw 6::i0r
6:aOf Saii.loafan.1 HTjtrMUtktus J Ss»O»
?:0O r New Orieaoa Eiprew — Haa Inis
Ohispo. Santa Kirhftra, Los An-
EBleK, D mtns. £1 Vmao, New Or-
le*na and East ?>3«A
gil;45r San -loacuml Way Htn^i<>;is ;■■ •?i3«y
A for Morning 1' for Afternoon.
■♦ Hiinilay txcepted. ! Sunday only,
a Saturday only. /Tneadnys and Friday*^
Santa Fe
Trains— Daily.
Leave Market-street Ferry Depot.
Local Lim'd Ovrl'd Local
Dally Dally Daily Daily
Lv. Ban Fran 7:2Oa 9:00 a 8:00 p 4:20 p
Ar. Stockton. 10:18 a 11 :45 a 11 :10 p 7 :1S p
" Merced... 12:25 p l:17p 1:30a 9:11 p
" Fresno... 2:05 p 2:35 p 3:15 a 10:50 p
." Hanford. 3:12 p 3:27 p 8:05 a
•• Visalla.. 3:39 p 5:00 a
•• Bakersfld 6:15 p 5:20 p 7:45 a
*• Kan. City 2:40a 7:30a
•v Chicago.. ....... 2:15p 9:00p
■ a for morning, p for afternoon.
9:00 a. m. train is the California Lim-
ited, carrying Palace Sleeping Car» and
Dining Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car
runs to Bakersfleld for accommodation of
local ilrst-class passenger*. No second-
class tickets are honored on this train.
Corresponding train, arrivea.at 7:05 a. m.
daily.
4 :20 p. m. 'is Stockton, Merced and Fresno
local. Corresponding train arrives at 12:30
p. m. daily.
8:00 p. m. is the Overland Express, with
through Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
Free Reclining Chair Cars to Chicago; also
Palace: Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno^.
Corresponding train arrives at 6:00 p. m.
daily. ■
7:20 a. -in. is Bakersfleld Local, stopping
at all points in San Joaquin Valley. Cor-
responding, train arrives at 8:40 a. m. dally.
Of flees — 641 Market street and In I Ferry
Depot, San Francisco; 1112 Broadway,
Oakland. ■ ■: ■
tiORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAa
Via SatMaMt* F«rr*
Commencing September 2S», .1901.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLKY
WEEK DAYS — 6:55, 8:30. •y^SO. 11:00 a. m.,
•1-45 :$:15 4:15. 5:15, *6:i5, 6:15 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San
Rafael on Mondays, Wednesdays and Satur-
days at 9:30 and 11:40 p. stn. ■
SL'NDAYS- ( 8:00, "10:00, »ll:S0 a. m., »l:15,
3:15. »4:45. 6:30, 9rS» p. m.
Trains marked (•) run to San Qu«ntln.
FROM SAN RAFAEX, TO SAN >RANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS->5:25. 8:27. 7:15. 8:35. 10:15
a. mT, -12:25. 2:15, »3:35. 1:40. 5:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and. Saturdays at 6:45 and 9:55 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 6:15. "8:00, *10:00. •11:45 a. nr.,
•1-40 '3:15, 4:45, *6:3O p. m.
Trains marked (•) start from Sah Quentin.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO. .
WEEK DAYS— 5:45. 6:45. 7:55. S:55, 1O:UO
a m 12:35 2:45, 3:50, 5:10 p. m.
"EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:£> p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:05. 10:05 a. m.. 12:05, 2:13,
3:U0. 5:CO, 6:45 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
6:55 a. m. week days — Cazadero and way
stations.
1 :45 p. m. Saturdays — Duncan Mills and way
stations. ,• " - ■ ■
8:00 a. -m. Sundays — Duncan Mills and way
stations.
Legal Holiday boats and trains will run on
Sunday time.
.,• ■ .- -
flOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
Leave Via Sausalito Ferry ~Arnvc
XSan Fran. Foot of Market St. San Fran.
w«-t «fiin~ ~~" : — — — — gu,,. Week
VVeeK »un- <a»*:lir.m.tntmn>^onf . n-iv*.
Pay*- _±^. .*., .« tb. «i»«..ri*~r £~^
9-30 a. 8:00 a. flV . w.<- * tm>\\ •«> »• «*» *■
5iS i. Ste SS^S ;: I s '•
1:15p. *•"■• 7 " !o»op.
Ian. 8- T«rl«c» «• S»mlt mud lUtum. »1 »._
■ tlailt 0»c«, &31 1UBSIT 5TBEE? and 3AC&AUI0 7UU
1314
ADOLPH OPPENHEIMER'S SLAYER
IS NOW KNOWN TO THE POLICE
Detectives Searching for Intoxicated Stranger Who Wandered Into
the Shooting Gallery, Accidentally Gave the Proprietor His
Death Wound and Then Fled in Fear of Consequences
THE police have evidence of the
identity of the slayer of.Adolph
Oppenheimer, the shooting-gal
lery proprietor who was killed
Thursday night at his place cf
business, 416 Dupont street, and expect to
have him in custody before many hours
have elapsed. The man who fired the
fatal shot was intoxicated and the deed
was accidental, wholly without premedi
tation or malice.
Until the arrest is made the detectives —
Wren, Dlnan and Whitaker— are con
cealing the name of the man whom they
are seeking.
The four soldiers ■who entered the gal
lery immediately after the shooting, and
who supposed Oppenheimer had fallen
asleep, were George Weiss, Martin Dun
bar, Louis Mehringer and Frank Cor
neliusen. They reported the fact to the
police and were interviewed at the Pre
sidio yesterday afternoon by the detect
ives. An intoxicated stranger was in the
gallery at the same time, but it is not be
lieved that he was the man who shot Op
penheimer. ;
Oppenheimer's cashbox, with about $6 in
It, was found yesterday afternoon when
the detectives made a search of the gal
lery. It was on a chair, where it had
been placed by Patrolman Brady, and
covered with a newspaper soon after the
shooting. The supposed disappearance of
the box was responsible for the robbery
theory. When the body was searched at
the Morgue $25 45 was found in the pock
ets of the clothing.
The autopsy showed death to have re
sulted from hemorrhage of the lungs.
The bullet, of twenty-two-callber short,
had entered the body four inches from
the epine, passed through the eighth rib
on the left side and had ranged down
ward through the lung and into the stom
ach. No powder marks showed on the
clothing. The police regard the wound as
remarkable, for ordinarily a bullet of
that caliber would have been deflected by
the clothing and rib and its velocity
checked to a degree that would have
made it comparatively harmless.
Captain Seymour and his subordinates
who investigated the case— Detectives
Dinan, Wren and Whittaker— all held
that some careless or drunken man
•who. had wandered into the gallery fired
the shot accidentally, probably while
Oppenheimer was on his way toward the
ROYAL
iriQLKes l^iea.i\ Bread
With Royal Baking Powder there is ho
mixing with the hands, no \ sweat . of !. the
brow. - Perfect. cieanliness, greatest facility,
sweet, clean, healthful food.
Tte*' Eoy»l B»Ver »ny Pastry Alum is used In some baking powders and
«^ •T^ ?^ lmn| 'i OV T 2?* •' • in most of «><alled phosphate pow-
nort practical -»nd valuable . .ders. because it is cheapT and makes a
2?«« g ""iP 1 *-^ to every . ch«aper powder. But alutti is a corrosive
2tJ? L-. , Se J ld n po^*i card poison which, taken in food, acts injur-
■wrtti your f nil address. - ;• ... ; louslynpon the stomach, liver and kidneys.
H- '■''''■'. . >..&&4B&&Zi&'-%iF l
■OYAL •AKIfM POWOEK CO.. 100 WILLMM ST., MW VOfW. .
SCENE OF DUPONT STREET
MURDER AND MAN WHO
WAS KILLED.
targets to paint out the marks' of pre
vious shots. Oppenheimer must then
have staggered back toward the counter
and sank to the : floor, • his shoulder rest
ing against the wall, in which position
the body of the dying man was discov
ered. Frightened at what he had done,
the police believe, the stranger, put down
the rifle and hastened away, fearful that
he would be held for murder, if. he gave
the alarm. ■ . . —. ■
Morris Oppenheimer, the 16-year-old son
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, DECEMBER 14, 1901.
of the slain man, was studying in a room
just above the gallery. About 11:30
o'clock, he says, he heard a single shot,
a muffled groan and a few quick steps.
He thought his father was putting some
unwelcome visitor out. A few minutes
later he heard several, men enter and say,
"Wake up, old man, this is no place to
sleep." He heard no response from his
father, and when after firing six or seven
shots at the targets the visitors departed,
one saying "Let him sleep if he wants
to." the son hurried downstairs to inves
tigate and found his father dying.
Oppenheimer was 47 years old. He for
merly conducted a little jewelry store at
405 Dupont street. During the Durrant
trial he identified Durrant as the man
who had tried to pledge the Lamont ring
to him. His testimony was one of the
strong links in the chain of evidence.
Prior to Oppenheimer's going on the
stand he received an anonymous letter
offering him $250 If he would not make
his identification of Durrant positive and
threatening his life if he. should so make
it or if he should report the receipt of
the letter to the police. None of the po
lice, however, believe that the tragedy
of Thursday night had "any connection
with .the Durrant case.
Oppenheimer is the fourth important
witness in that case to die. Mrs. Leake
and Mrs. . Crossett died from natural
causes, and . Starr Dare, son of United
States Appraiser John T. Dare, was
killed in. battle in Cuba, /
. The ; sho<otlng. gallery run by. Oppen
heimer is located In the building at , 416
Dupont street, occupied -until a year and
a half ago by Billy Abbott's notorious
resort. " . ; .
HUSBAND LEAVES WIFE
AND 'CHILD DESTITUTE
Humane Society Official . Discovers
: -Sad Case of Cruelty' sit 'the Home
of Leo. Campos.. •■•/, i
-A sad case of destitution ; and cruelty
was , discovered by Officer McMurray of
the Society for the Prevention of Cruelty,
to Children at the home of ■ Leo Campos,
a ' barber, ! at " 1005 ; Kearny street, yester
day.. The' society officials . had /been in
formed by the police authorities that a
bad state of affairs, existed; at the Cam
pos house and an investigation was insti
tuted. ' -
McMurray found that the family was
living in a- email, cold and foul smelling
room above ■ the barber shop. When he
rrounted the ladder which was the only
means of : access' to 'the "wretched abode,
ho discovered Mrs. Campos. lying ill on a
pallet of straw in the corner: and a per
fectly nude two-year-old child attempt-
Ing to keep itself, warm by snuggling up
against; a dos. which also- occupied the
family Quarters. : . . '.-.•■
• Campos stated that his wife had been
sick about two weeks, and that he had
summoned no doctor because he was as
good as one himself. The officer thought
otherwise, however, and as- the* man '-by
his own statement had plenty : of money
he- was ordered to make a suitable ■ pro
vision for his wife and child. Secretary
White states that he will-see that Campos
obeys. . ■ ■ ■ • • • ■
Contest the Will of Dr. Cogsw-ell. »
/ Emily May Samml of this city and Flor
ence-Mills of Sitka, nieces , of jth'e ! late Dr.
Henry, Cogswell, filed' a "petition yesterday
for the revocation ; of ■• the probate of 'the
codicil, in the deceased's will which /an
nulled a ; bequest to them made in the
body of 1 the document. They claim that
Dr. Cogswell l in October, 1899, when he
made the will proper, left them '275 shares
of stock In the Oceanic, Steamship Com
pany, and ■ that Caroline '-Cogswell, his
wife, afterward persuaded him to add the
codicil depriving them of the gift.
Mrs. Sammi and Mrs. Mills allege that
Mrs. Cogswell was inimical to. them, and
that she took advantage of his advanced
age to unduly influence him. -. ■ ■■•• ■■■■■;
.Mother Visits Her Babe.
The police have decided . that the waif
that was found on the doorstep of Thomas
Rehn's home. at 3- Elizabeth street shall
be sent to some orphan' asylum. Miss
Baker, the child's mother, called .yester
day at. the hospital to see her abandoned
bal>e. . Out of pity for the - unfortunate
woman Mrs. Teague has decided to take
Miss ■ Baker back into her employ as a
domestic. * - i :.,... ,
MUST PAY LOSS
ON MORGAN CITY
Frankfort Marine Com
pany Loses Suit in
the Circuit Court.
Jury Exonerates Captain
John Barneson,; Agent
for the Owners.
It required but one ballot and no de
liberation at all for the jury in the case
of the La Due Gold Mining and Develop
ment Company vs. the Frankfort Marine
Insurance Company to bring in a verdict
yesterday in the United States Circuit
Court for the plaintiff for the full ' sum
asked, . $18,888 89, being on the
charter party of the Morgan City,
wrecked on the coast of Japan. The jury
also awarded interest on the sum named
at 7 per cent from July 6, 1900, to the date
of the verdict. . ""*■> v
The insurance company refused to hon
or Its policy on the Morgan City's char
ter party on the' contention that the char
ter party was' void because' Captain John
Barneson of the firm of Barneson & Chll
cott, agents for the owners, was also an
officer of the Government, namely, ma
rine superintendent of army transports at
this port, the Revised Statutes making it
unlawful for an officer of the United
States to be interested in contracts with
the Government. The charter party, it
was contended, was therefore void and
the defendant could not be bound by it.
Early in the case United States " Circuit
Judge \ Morrow decided that Captain
Barneson, having been appointed to his
office by an official other than the head of
a department, was not an officer of the
United States under the act, and counsel
argued therefrom that anything he might
do in " the matter could not vitiate the
charter party.
Then an attempt was made by. the de
fense to show that the Morgan City was
lost through unskillful navigation on the
part of her officers, but that branch of
the case did not occupy much time. - - '
Peter Dunne was leading counsel for
the plaintiff. In his address to the jury
he contended that the defendant had ac
cepted the premium "on the insurance on
the charter party of the vessel; that the
vessel was -wrecked by. accident, owing to
usual perils of the sea, and that the only
proper course for the defendant • would
have been to pay the loss without re
course to the courts. E. S. Plllsbury,
leading • counsel for the defendant, re
ferred to the letter introduced in evidence,
which showed that certain parties in New
York were to be "placated" with money
for their assistance in high places in ob
taining, the charter party for the La Due
Company, owner of the Morgan City.
Deputy United States Marshal George
Burnham turned the key in the lock of
the jury-room at 3:30 o'clock in the after
noon, and before he reached the Marshal's
office down stairs the bell rang and the
jury announced that they had agreed
upon a verdict. They were brought into
the courtroom, where Judge Morrow and
the counsel were awaiting them. Their
verdict was recorded, and Judge Morrow
thanked them for the attention they had
paid to their duty.
■ WILL, PAY CREDITORS IN FULL.— The
Bank Commissioners announce that the Bank
of National City, which went into insolvency
about five years ago. will pay its creditors in
full. While in liquidation some of the prop
erty has Increased in value sufficiently to bring
about this much-desired but rather unexpected
result. • ,
HOLIDAY SPECIALS
;■" ■ WOMEN'S WAISTS.
All Waists on sale to-day are lined
throughout, come In this season's leading
colors, Including black and white buttoned
frontior back; sizes 32 to 46.
$\Q OO ? or^ WAI STS made of fine
«P-^«VFVF- Cashmere, prettily made and
trimmed with Point Venice Lace; good
$3.00 value.
&Q. *2S\ E or WAIS TS of best French
%f^f^»<9 Flannel, trimmed with hem-
stitching and newest tucking effect: a
regular $3.00 seller.
$1.50 For WAISTS of all-wool
«pi«CJVr heavy Tricot, entire waist
tucked front and back; ■ regular $2 25
• value.
Stsf\ 7K Por "WAISTS made- of best
€PO» C O quality Albatrosian Em-
broidered Flannel, blouse embroidered In
silk bowknot patterns and many other
pretty designs; similar waists self else-
where at 56.00.
<K1 OR For choice of a little sample
€J>l.f?O lot of FANCY FLANNEL.
and SILK WAISTS, about G dozen in all-
worth from $3.00 to $5.00. ..-
fi Q QK For th e latest DIRECTOIREJ
<PO.C7O WAISTS, made of . imported
flannel, made with vest of fine- tucked
white broadcloth and trimmed with silk
Persian trimming and small cold but-
tons; would be good value at $0.50
CHILDREN'S COAT 1PECIALS
On Sale To-day.
CHILDREN'S AUTOMOBILE COATS of
all-wool Tricot Cloth,- sailor collar, trim-
■ med with fancy braid ; reg- C Ch Off
ular $3.75 quality; on sale.. 0«£#0<t>
CHILDREN'S CLOAKS, in fine Venetian
effectively trimmed; regu- C»Q TfS
lar $5 value; on sale OOilO
CHILDREN'S CLOAKS of fine Kersey,
'-trimmed with velvet, good G+ A Tcr
$6.50 value. On sale....:. ©*t»(O
Above Cloaks come in colors, of Red, Tan,
Blue and Green; are lined throughout with
Farmer Satin; sizes 2 to 8 years. ■■ ■
Just received a new lot of CHILDREN'S
AUTOMOBILE' CLOAKS, sizes from 4
to 14 years, made of fine Kersey; if. we
bought them in the beginning of the sea-
son we would sell them for GZPZ. PZ.f\
$7.60. Our sale to-day «t>O«OU
NECK RUFFS AND JABOTS.
Just received! the latest novelties In Lib-
erty. Silk accordion plaited Neck Ruffs —
elegant effects in all the prevailing colors.
Including Frenchy combinations in • Black
and White ; price from . 50c to $I> .1)0.
Prices and styles cannot be excelled.
BELTS — 45c for our regular 75c straight
front Belts, made of best Satin, trimmed
with 15 neat t'ueks and latest style of
■ Buckle. ■■. -■
HANDKERCHIEFS.
eri, for COLORED SILK EMBROID-
Ot ERED HANDKERCHIEFS, . worth
.-10c. -■ / ■■ '
I f\r> tor EMBROIDERED or LACE-
11/t* HANDKERCHIEFS, worth 16c.
1OV 'or LINEN HANDKER.
IZijC ■ CHIEFS, worth 17c.
1 £Jr» tor HANDKERCHIEFS, sold
lOv everywhere . 20c. ■: -. ;
QA/> for PURE LINEN HANDKER-
aUv CHIEFS, sold everywhere 25o. • -
OKr.' for PURE LINEN HANDKER-
iOw CHIEFS sold everywhere 85c.
QR^ for PURE LINEN HANDKER.
*JtW\* CHIEFS, sold everywhere 60c.
CHILDREN'S' FANCY HANDKER-
CHIEFS Infancy box. On sale OA r
to-day, , box. ......... -AVjy*
SKIRT SPECIAL.
<KQ TK for DRESS SKIRT, made of
tpO* C t> All Wool. Venetian Cloth,
' new flare effects, . trimmed « with stitched
I Satin bands ; one of I the greatest values
■ever offered; well worth $5.50. •
HOSIERY SPECIAL.
Will sell to-day our 35c' Women's Black or
- Fancy . Hose at 25c pair; only. 6 pairs
sold to each customer; put up in a fancy,
, box ; . this ' makes a ■ nice little Christmas
P ' e8ent CORSETS.
lTou can wear, any CORSET bought: of us*
, 30 days ; If not then satisfactory | return "
same and get your money back. ' To-day
.we're selling our regular straight front
Corset, made of Coutllle. and fast black
Sateen, long waist and me- Cri r||~fc
dlum high bust. '.Sale price. «Dl»vFv/
A bag of sweets and picture book given to
each child I accompanied by an adult visit-
ing our store.
OPEN. TO-NIGHT, TILL 11 O'CLOCK^
1212-1214 MARKET STV,
' Between Taylor and Jones.
Hale's I Hale's. | Hale's.
: :■.■ ■■:::;,■ .;; H ~~-~™~~~~~~ — -^
Open Evenings. *' p|Jf5 FiFStTO=day iff^fti
To-day will be the most pleasant -and . ** i^^<^^s^!^Si
TfKaiSlys ?o ft b b U y yl ?or -Most favorable prices. m W^ZV^
fhSl-ffbe'.' What a hurry and scramble — At the most favorable time. 1|§|&f ;> %
Tou don't want to buy carelessly, and, . Here's Christmas news of the rarest sort. It x Vv
of course, you don't care to choose from •« t^ ._„]„ rea( i k v our public. BSl^^^&SrH"^v *
narrowed stocks. So if you don't want will be eag eri y reaa uy our puuj ll " ,4*^^^^^^^%
to take what some one else doesn't Many folks are denied lur luxury on ac- iSfll^V^S^/A^^ \
want, come before they do. count of the price. Such restraint is now re- J#si?® iM^ifla (inYi
We'll hold your purchase If you like, m ° v ed and at the most opportune time, JSBBB^S^mM
delivering It promptly when you say. It comes from out-of-season buying — a JM&Wk i\WSfifflim
chance we watched weeks for. figgf r^WJsV'w
Postoffice Of first importance are these— ®iw W^> W^ I? 7
INTHEfciORE n^^+^o Q Ofl | trarfc
Is proving a big convenience. Saves time LieCtriC oeai aCdrTS dl 34. DU *
and worry. You can buy your present "With 3 tails and chain fastening, and *
and send it East at the same time. _ t |eCtric Seal Collarette at $2.85
Glove Orders satin lined.
ARE IN GREAT'FAVOR. Blended Sable Scarfs §5.00—4 tails on each MBSSKm '
If you do not know just the size or tha s : j_ foetpned with chain •
cer a tmcatef tyleglOVeS she wants - buy a Long Scarfs |T.5O-Blended sable with 8 dyed tails; chain fastening. T£?
Let her buy after Christmas. This fur is thick and brilliant. mM
will please her most. Astrachan Collarettes $3.75— Lined with silk serjre. $\
"""""■^"^■^ Tab Collarettes $4.50 — Of electric seal, satin lined, with 2 tails on each
•"jfl '*ty\ OC- Pai>f«tt«a ta^» an<^ 2 tabs at the neck. *
«B«g^y^ &yJ\j rCllUlllw Electric Seal Collarettes $10.00 — io inches, with Persian lamb yoke, high
|]$«W0wl Stf*/^ jij storm collar, satin lined.
K^M^^ 8t I5C. Electric Seal Jackets— a New Supply.
Ill g3i=^^ gQ^T A full ounce of Som« are trimmed with marten, others with -mink, all made from the very best
fl/^5§re &^&i c V" _ t " t T s , f L° furs, with high grade Unings-S26.50, .S27. 7X, and »8».7R up to S5O.
W£S2*&L %8m t° ? • Electric Seal or Astrachan Capes-SIG.OO. S17.5O. S10.50-
fir -4^mna a handsome col- "
BIT SCOf 'Xjl Ored box " One fV^ m 2 S~* a rt+
H \tf tf Hrtl/tf 5v$K^ that was bought to f f<* fr\rh^ ft 1 1 fl t*T/Pt* t nJ3fC Tl¥ O C <
|ffi!rt4|^Sffl sell at 2 5 c, butjwe 1 111^^ "ijUcirLCr VUdL^ $1JL.J*)
B^UM\s#$ we Un a d re Can ' t be matched in, the city under $20 00.
5§»7^ make it better still That's saying a good deal. We don't know how many times we've said
|R^tf2gif|g^ 15c. One thou- that to intending buyers. They seemed to half question it— there seemed to
sand boxes on sale he such a big difference between $12.75 and $20.00. After they've looked around
this morning. they come back more enthusiastic over it than we are. When a manufac-
Other Box Perfumery 25c — Half turer says he can't make it for the price we are selling it, it must be a bar- •
ounce bottles, white violet. In a fancy gain.
OS^Box— 2-oz bottles, triple extract We arc selling now the fourth lot in four weeks. Doesn't look now as if
perfect pink, in a lithograph cover there'd be enough to last till Christmas.
box. Its a better value than com- •gie.BO-Another 42-inch kersey coat; fitted back, velvet lapel with kersey points.
r~t\ x» <> -u~++i«t, ~r o^t.11 stitched velvet bands around the yoke, turnback cuffs with rows oC stitching;
5 ?n C g SBrt^iffrS?. in SS& £$£ alS0 stltched ««»* down the ba< *' lined wlth the be3t satln -
bottle, glass stopper; holiday values. _ •' •■' ■■:..
Toilet Water 25c— Violet Blanc. 4-
oz. bottles with sprinkler tops. If _^ . - - . __ * — — _^ _
we did not buy so much of It we a—c *?%. 1 -4- s~ I—? ■* -m *~r 1 r 1 *■** <rr B— ? *-» I -4~ -5 •*-% £-%m
could not sell it so low. iJClTiS- ijfJCIClS.S IJCSTirlC'-
Tawan^iole^Water 89c-Lilac. in JLIUVIViV^j LJ\*M. HlM^t,
8^oz. eX Perfumerv° 81.00— A violet •£ thrice important chapter for women. '^f^
O t d o 0 o r> a pSr u p Ct in ml^ l0 MUUon "The popular belt with the most beecoming buckle is a very important ad-
glass bottle, glass stopper. junct to a woman's outfit. Women are getting to be particular on these lit—
tle P oints » ? nd the more particular they are the busier we are, for we've got
delicate and lasting: odor. . ' * ne * _ . . _ ' t " t~' -'■ .
Puff Boxes soc-Large bright ones, Most Satisfying Stock of New and Pretty Styles
highly decorated. • ..•»..«.. « . .
Burnt "Wood Hand Mirrors— One of we ever had. It s hard to tell you what the styles are, but here 3 an idea of
the new novelties, with plated glass how the prices run:
bevel edge mirror; handle and back J
in neat style decorations. . The BuCKieS. • Belts.
__ -. -_ 25e-Dlp style, gold, oxidized or steel. Sl.OO— Novelty belts, studded with.
|\/vl 17 r% V\ £T Adr* 5Oc — Made from the very best metal blue beads and finished with Eeypt-
L/Oll VdD5 z|.yC. that will not bend or tarnish; either ian buckle.
Rattan bodies, with star gear and NEW' GIRDLE^BUCKLES— 3% to 4 Satin Beaded Belts*
steel wheels; measures 8xiQ inches. A inches long, in gold, steel, oxidized or With the very latest broad girdle ef-
wpllmarfe cab French gray, 50c, 65c. 75c, $1.00. $1.25, fects, finished with Jet bead buckle:
™, t; T. iZc ' t *♦ *, » 5 1 - 50 - others In gold- and oxidized. $1.25. $L73.
1^ 0^ 9i§f ~?,^ r fi1, a /. a^o? y ! 75c— Dainty buckles, designed In many Srt.OO— Broad girdle, steel beaded,
back and sides are lined; has parasol pretty styles with very latest dip ef- elastic belts,
and rod and steel wheels. A splendid fect; gold or ox idized. » ,,.
value.' ■ tSeltinfi» ■'■:?■■• .
Boll Cab 81.25-Heed body, nicely BeltS. • 35c A YARD— Black satin tucked. 2
enameled in red, green, blue, white; . 25c-Satln corded belts, black. 12 Inches wide. '
has gold knobs: parasol and rod; steel cords: In every size. 4Oc— Corded velvet, black and white,
wheels, iron ankles and long, continu- 50c— Satin tucked belts, 8 tucks, with 40c— Corded velvet, 2 inches wide-
ous handle, making a durable and very a shaped girdle; finished with a pretty makes a very dainty belt,
handsome carriage. d j p buckle, gilt or oxidized; others 50c— Satin and with 8 tucks. 3 inches
rr\ g * . s with turquoise settings. | . wide. •> •
I OOI C^mICSLS OOC 75c— Satin belts, very pretty, set off 75c— Satin pleated. 2% Inches wide.
1 UUI vr\/w. with gold or oxidized buckles. Sl.OO— Satin, nine plaits; 3ft inchea.
Dovetailed hardwood box, with , •■ : _
tray; it is stained and varnished and A „ , _ " . C^2^L^7 m t «. -Jk^
contains » tools. Market Street, /// *&& ®#&» Market Street,!^
Tool Chests .S 1.1 5-Large size chest, „ ncar . Sl^' ffl M/ %^*> <£& <&> *g££g> rJ***? ? V:
8x16 inches; has 14 good tools, Including Opposite Golden /gff ■ /^£^£. — -^- g^ =g^ Opposite Golden j
saw, hammer, hatchet, etc. Others at Gate Avenue. * -^te^yOQO GOOD&**^ Gate Avenue. '
25c up to $10.00. . 4 — »■■.*" —^^- V »
DUNPHY PLEADS
SELF-DEFENSE
Tells Jury, the Causes
Leading to Killing
of Stan ton.
The circumstances that led up to the
killing of . Edward Stanton September 27
at the corner of Minna and Mary streets
were told by James M. Dunphy yesterday
to a- Jury in Judge Cook's court. The
prisoner made nis statement in a
straightforward manner. He testified
that when ! he learned from, his
mother that his sister Kate had been de
ceived he was almost crazy and could
neither sleep nor eat. As Stanton waa
not 21 years of age at the time of his
marriage on August 25 to Miss Bryant,
the defendant thought the marriage could
be annulled. He came to the city to see
Stanton and ask him. to right the wrong
done his sister. Stanton had been brag
ging about his deception at the Mare Isl
and Navy Yard,, where he was employed,
and all Vallejo was talking about it.
Dunphy then told of nis search for
Stanton and declared that when he met
him Friday evening, September 20, Stan
ton and his brother, Maurice Durbin, and
four or live friends were all armed. As
he had been warned by his mother and
friends in Vallejo that Stanton -was al
ways armed, he bought two revolvers
after the Friday night incident to be pre
pared for trouble. When next they met
Stanton refused to speak to him about
his sister and told him to write him if
ho had anything to say. On the evening
of the shooting Dunphy had Just left a
corner grocery and was lighting a cigar
ette, when Stanton suddenly appeared
and said: "You have been following me
and it must stop. If you don't I'll blow
the roof of your head off." Stanton made
a motion with his left hand for his hip
pocket and then Dunphy shot him
Dunphy said he did not know how many
shots he fired, as he was excited at the
time. : . . ■ -
Mrs. Catherine Dunphy, mother of the
defendant, testified- that she visited Stan
ton in this city and asked him to marry
her daughter, but he refused. When she
asked if it were true that he was al
ready married he told her it was none of
her business. Stanton, she testified, had
been very attentive to her daughter and
had almost lived at their house. When
she was forced to tell the defendant that
Stanton had deceived »his sister he was
almost crazy and could not sleep nor eat
She warned him to be careful, as Stan
ton always went armed.
Lloyd W. Bryant, whose sister Stanton
married ; Joseph F. Cavanaugh and Wil
liam Collins, all residents of Vallejo, were
called to testify as to Stanton's habit of
carrying a revolver. When Collins was
being- cross-examined by Assistant Dis
trict Attorney Alford he was asked if he
had ever been convicted : of a felony, and
replied; "I don't remember." To other
questions of a similar import he returned
the same answer. Alford claims that
Collins was sentenced. to three years' Im
prisonment in San Quentin for abducting
two young girls. Judge Cook ordered Col
lins to remain In attendance on the court
and directed him to-be present next Tues
day, to which time the trial was con
tinued. , '' •- .. ; /
Joseph Pigel,
Merchant tailoring at mqderate prices.
Second floor Flood building:, Fourth and
Market streets. , «
SUSPECTED OF BURGLARY.— John Hart
and Charles Reynolds were arrested Thursday
night by Officers Regan and >C Cornell', and
locked up in "the tanks." They<are suspected
of having entered the grocery of Doell .Broth
ers', Eighth and ..Bryant streets • along, with a
man named' Donnelly, on the night of Decem
ber 8.' : : ■■... - ■
Beware of of unscrupulous dealers who refill
Jesse Moore bottles with Inferior good*. •
RABBIS' THEMES
ARE MOMENTOUS
Rev. Nieto Speaks of
"Our Forefathers and
Ourselves."
There waa a large attendance at the
synagogues last night, Rev. Dr. Nieto
at the Congregation Sherith Israel taking
for the theme of his sermon "Our Fore
fathers and Ourselves," \ while Rev. Dr.
Voorsanger at the Temple Emanu-El de
livered an impassioned sermon an the sub
ject of "Free Thought." The Rev. Dr.
Nieto In making a comparison in the
treatment of his theme said that the
prime Idea was that it could be proved
that the moral sentiment which actuated
our forefathers to religious thought and
action was prompted rather by fear than
by piety. • .
Justice with them was not a duty which It
was Imperative for the strong, the good and
the true to perform, bat rather the unanswered
cry of the weak. It was not the piteous spec
tacle of the defenseless widow and her orphans
at the mercy of the, world, going about from
place to place and begging mercy, that moved
them, but rather the thought expressed, "Le«t
your wives become widows and your children
orphans." If to-day Tire could only appeal to
the selfish motives of people, to their fears for
their own welfare, if we could only obtain as
sistance for the needy, the destitute and the
sick through an expressed dread, we would
scarcely call ourselves moral or pious or deem,
ourselves possessed of virtuous sentiment.
Rev. Dr. Voorsanger during his dis
course on "Free Thought" declared that
people could not epeak freely and act
freely, but must obey the laws of God
and man.
Speech must be conditioned by sentiments of
propriety and law.' One could photograph an
infidel with the sneer upon his face question
ing revelation, law and righteousness. The
free thinkers of years ago interpreted tradi
tions of religion and faith In a free and easy
manner and there was something uncanny
about them, but to-day times are changed, and
from ten thousand pulpits in the United States
there are opinions of a far more radical tend
ency than those expressed a generation agoi
AD VEETISEICENTS.
GIVE NEW SIGHT FOR ' *gfe^^
MAKE a present that will ERhs^
be highly appreciated for
COME. Mayerle'a Superior i7~i^^'* *
Quality Eyeglasses - are the \ir\*
only ones Indorsed by the \v
highest U. S. Army. Navy and
Government officials. Will be sent by express
with privilege of trying them before paying
any charges. Prices $5. $10 and $15. When
ordering state age. occupation, als» whether
glasses are wanted for reading or to see off.
GEORGE MAYERLE, Graduate German Ex-
pert Optician. 1071% Market, nr. 7th. S. F.
Tel. South 572. German Eyewater, 50c.
WHIPS, ROBE?,- BLANKETS
FOR THE HOLIDAYS.
Novelties — many of - them lm-
" ported— all new— most any price.
STUDEBAKER RROSfOMPANY
OF CALIFORNIA.
Market and Tenth Sts. .
DR.MQNULTY:
rr«HIS WELL-KNOWN AND RKMABLE OLD
-L Specialist cures Blood Poison. Gonorrhcea.Gleet,
S m lc i u^r f S 1 mllial Weakness. Impotence and their
allied Disorders. Book on Diseases of Man, free.
°7?'. 20 .f ea /^f xperie " ce - Tprnl!|reasonabl e- H o ur: ''
9to3daily ;6:30to8.30ev'gs. Sunday*. 10 to 12. Consul-
tation freeandsacredly confidential. Call or address
j?. aosooE McxuijTY, m. d.
8«H Kearny St^ »au Francisco, Cal.
SPECIAL BARCAINS
SATURDAY, MONDAY AND TUESDAY.
"WTlO Is Interested In SAVING MOXBT
and Lessening the Cost of LIVING- Se* Us.
Write to Us. Give tTs a Trial Order aad b*
Convinced. '
6RANULATED Best Cane Sugar, 20 lbs $1.00
Market has Advanced; Will Go Higher.
FAIRBANKS Gold Dust, 3-lb pkg.. - — 15c
Special Gold Dust Saturday Only.
PLUM PUDDIN6, Mb can 20c
Richardson & Bobbins. Reg. 23c.
CHOICE Point Reyes Butter, square . . .35c
Market Is Advancing. Keg. 40c.
FINEST Creamery, Our Special, souare 42k
Fine Butter Our Motto. ! * ftvML
Reg. 65c. 1 Square 45c *«fA -
KEROSENE STAR OIL, 5 gallons. . . 41.05
10c allowed for Empty Can.
SWEET WINES, Vintage 1892, qtbot. .25c
Port. Sherry. Muscatel. Tokay, Angellcsw
Reg. 40c and 50c.
PETALUMA RANCH E66S, doz. ..... .25c
Reg. 30c.
BEST MISSION EGGS, doz 371c
1 doz. 40c Reg. 45c
MOCHA and JAVA. Our Best Coffee, lb. .25c
Our Coffee is the Best in t&« World.
Our Friends Say So..
OLD GOVERNMENT WHISKEY, qt bot. .90?
Bottled at the Distillery. Reg. $1.13.
NEW SEASON'S TEAS, 6 kinds .40c
English Breakfast. Extra. Reg. 60a
ROYAL BAK1N6 POWDER, Mb caii — .40c
Reg. 45c
JAMAICA RUM, Old London Dock, qt bot I >•
Unequaled for Purity. Beg. |1.00. \ f>
SCOTCH Andrew Usher Whiskey, qt bot $1.00
Old Volled Glenlevet. Reg. $1.25.
6L0SS StarcMlngsford's, Daryea's, g& 50c
Extra Bargain. Reg. 60c.
LENOX, Procter & Gamble Soap, 8 cakes 25c
Reg. 6 for 25c
GRAPc NUTS, pkg ...121c
Reg. 15c. r 9
CATSUP, L. Bros'. Brand, qt bot. • •&)&&
King of All Catsups. Pure. Reg. fj/A.
IMPORTED Flag Brand Sardines, 3 C5«V25c
Reg. 12%c.
OLIO PURO D'OLIYA, 1-gal $1.15
Special Request. Finest Imported Olive Oil
from Toscana Italy. Reg. $1.50.
MONOGRAM 0. P. S. WHISKEY, gal. .$2.50
8 Tears Old. Reg. $3.50.
IMPORTED CASTILE SOAP, 3-lb bar. . -25c
Virgin Brand. Reg. 30c
EYAP. BARTL*JT PEARS, 4 lbs; . . . . -25c
Extra Choice. Reg. 10c lb.
BR0MAN6EL0N Dessert Jelly, pkg. . . . 10c
6 Flavors. Reg. 15c.
NEW EXTRA SUGAR CORN, 3 cans. . . .25c
OUR^cfoUMTRY CUSTOMERS
Can take advantage of these "special'*
■sales. "VVe ship free of charge within 100;
miles on all orders exceeding $5. Ask for
monthly price list — free.
1348-1334 Varket Street,
Opp. Seventh. Phone S. 202. No Branch
Stores. ■ • ■ ■ -
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
KEARNT AND WASHINGTON STS.— RE-
modeled and renovated. KINO, WARD &
CO. European plan. . Rooms, 50c to $1.50 day
$3 to ?3 week; $8 to $20 month. Fr*|.in tn3 .'
hot and cold water every room; lire ttiyftes in
every rcom* elevator runs all night. •'^
Weekly Call, $1 per Yearf
■ ■ /