THE YOUNG MATRON WHO
WAS TO CHRISTEN THE
OHIO AND THE GIRL WHO
WILL TAKE HER PLACE.
gin work to-day. No special effort will be
made for exterior display, as. the bridge
across New Montgomery street, connect
ing the Palace and Grand Hotels, obscures
the view of the quarters from the street,
but the* Interior decorations will be elab
orate and beautiful.
Union League Club.
The Union League Club is making exten
sive preparations to receive and enter
tain the President in fitting style. The
skill of professional decorators will be in
voked to render the club quarters attrac
tive. The luncheon on the day of the
President's visit to the club will be spread
in the Maple Room of the Palace Hotel,
but the reception to the Presidential party
will take place in the regular rooms of the
club.
Visit in Redlands.
REDLANDS. April 22.— President Mc-
KInley and his party will ride through
Redlands. The line of drive has been
changed by the committee of the Board
of Trade so that the President will enter
Canyon Crest Park at the Highland-ave
nue entrance, instead of from Serpentine
drive, as first planned, because the. roses
on the Serpentine were the main attrac
tion for using the east entrance to the
park, and now they, are out of .bloom.
Mr. Bradley's "Little Kite" road also will
be visited by the Presidential party on
its way through - Terracina to town. . At
the suggestion of the Board of Trade the
Messrs. Smiley have consented to f have
Smiley Heights closed to all .visitors on
the morning of the President's visit there.
Guards will be placed at all entrances to
keep visitors out until after the Presi
dential party has taken the drive. •
Petalumans Are Invited. *>
PETALUMA, April 22.— Secretary Wal
ter S. Davis of the Ohio Society of So
noma County has receivedla letter from
the secretary of the Ohio Society of Cali
fornia, Inclosing Invitation ; blanks for a
limited number of gentlemen who. chobss
to attend the grand banquet to President
McKInley.
up to last evening amount to only $13,000 In
round figures. . . - ¦ ,
Checks Are Welcome.
"There Is no lack of willingness on the
part of the people to subscribe," said Mr.
Dohrmann, "but the difficulty lies in get
ting enough committeemen to make the
canvass. The Bub-committees must be
made up of representative men to have
weight It is often necessary for a sub
committee to make two or three visits,
for there are partners to consult concern
lag the amount of the subscriptions or
there is no one in to speak for the fism
when the committee members call and the
members must go back again. Those who
are not called upon or who wish to save
tlme'can send a note to the finance com
mittee at the Mills building or checks to
either S. G. Murphy or F. W. Dohrmann.
No one can underestimate the importance
of this occasion or the necessity that the
entertainment shall be the best possible."
General Warfleld made a suggestion last
evening concerning the banquet. In his
opinion that event ought to be made to net
the sum of $10,000, approximately. He says
that there are undoubtedly 1000 persons in
California who would gladly pay $20 each
for the honor of being present at the Pres
idential banquet. The rate of $10 per plate
Is ample to make It first class In every re
spect There Is room enough at the Olym
pic Club for the seating of 1000 persons,
800 in the gymnasium and 200 In a smaller
room. When the speaking is about to be
gin all could be gathered in one room.
Will Be in Hands of Committee.
P. H. McCarthy, chairman of th© pub
lic reception committee, says the recep
tion committee will have the President In
charge at all times, when he is not the
guest of private individuals. Entertain
ment, aside from the banquet at the ferry
depot, has been arranged in the shape of
drives to all the important; points of In
terest which the President's limited time
will enable him to visit ¦ The committee
will visit Mr. Scott's house on the nigb>
set aside for the banquet and will conduct
the President to the ferry depot. He will
there be In special charge of this commit
tee.' which Vill see to the matter of intro
ductions and oversee the social part of the
programme. At the close of the banquet
the committee will escort the President
back to Mr. Scott's residence again. The
executive committee has not fully defined,
the duties of the sub-committees as yet .
and therefore details ' are not known,
but it is probable that the reception corn-
is her child. In the place of Mrs. Bab
cock. her alternate. Miss Helen Deshler.
•will have the honor of the ocaslon. "Mrs.
Babcock," so runs a private dispatch
from Columbus, the capital of the Buck
eye State, "has given up all thought of
soing to California to christen the new
battleship."
But there are no other Interferences In
sight that may alter the general design
of the reception and accompanying cere
monies that will make memorable the
visit of the nation's chief executive to
the Golden State. The various commit
tees that are working for success are de
veloping details. Some of these are yet
only suggestions, but they embrace much
that is of interest and are fruitful In
possibilities.
The Philippine Veterans.
General R. H. "VVarfleld, chairman of
the parade committee, has, with his com
mittee, taken steps to have the soldiers
now in San Francisco recently returned
from the Philippines and also those who
are due to return within the next few
days from the southern seas take part in
the parade. There are now In San Fran
cisco 9000 veterans who have marched un
der Uncle Sam's banner In the Philip
pines, who are about to be discharged.
Undoubtedly there are thousands of them
vrho have never seen President McKInley.
Dispatches have been sent to Secretary
of War Root and Adjutant General Cor
bin, asking them to hold the troops here
until after the arrival of the President,
that they may add their presence to the
occasion. Congressman Kahn has tele
graphed to "Washington in reference to
this matter and other Influences are at
work in the same direction. The parade
committee will meet next Saturday fore
noon at the office of Irving M. Scott and
there and then will discuss its plans. The
procession will be purely military, em
bracing the Philippine veterans and other
regular troops at the Presidio and the
Second Brigade of the National Guard of
California. These will make an imposing
and highly interesting pageant.
The finance committee is about to re
quest that subscrlDtlons to the funds fcr
the reception shall be sent in by persons
who are not visited by the sub-commit
tees of the finance committee. This is
necessary because it Is difficult to cover
all the ground in the time allotted, which
is now growing *short-
F. W. Dohrmann. chairman of the
finance committee, said last evening that
It had been ascertained that the sum of
$30,000 Is needed. Subscriptions reported
GOLD ENTANGLED IN .
THE HIDE OF A WOLF
Yukon Prospectors Are Now Seeking
tlie Lair of a.Wild
Beast.
SEATTLE, April 22}.— Gold in a wolfs
hide is the subject of the latest story from
the wilds of Alaska and it is given out by
Captain H. F. DIxon, an old Yukon River
pilot,' who Is now visiting friends in Seat
tle. He says that he knows the story
to be true because he killed the wolf and
saw the gold himself. It consisted of fine
dust and a few small . nuggets, the total
value. being several dollars..
How the gold got Into the wolfs hide
has caused no end of speculation and
prospectors are searching the ground near
where the wolf was killed in the hope of
finding Its lair. It is supposed that the
gold came from dirt against which the
animal had been rubbing:,
OFFICIAL OF TURKEY
ACCTJSET> OF TREASON
First Secretary, of tho Legation at
¦Washington Is Ordered Home
for Trial. .
NEW YORK, April 22.— A World special
from Washington says: All Ferrouh Bey,
the Turkish - Minister, and /other officials
of the legation, were amazed to-day when
shown a dispatch- from Constantinople
stating that Alfred Rustem Bey. First
Secretary of the Legation here, had been
accused of treason. .* According to • the
dispatch Rustem Bey has been summoned
to stand trial in the criminal court at
Constantinople, his alleged offence having
been the ¦writing of revolutionary articles
for the London Mail. . :
The Turkish Minister and his staff have
no dispatches on* the subject.
CYCLONE DEVASTATES
THE CANARY ISLANDS
Twelve Persons Axe Killed and Much
Property. Is Damage<M>y Furi- .;
. .' Y*- ous Stornu i[\ '•..;•
LONDON, April:- 22.— A ; dispatch ¦ from
Madrid to the Daily Express says that
the Canary^ Islands have been swept 1 by
a cyclone, killing ' twelve, persons and do
inc great damage to property/ , .'
heard the abrupt command, "Hands up!"
"Open that safe!" was the order next
given to Collins. The safe contained a
large sum of money, at least $2500 in gold
and silver currency. The money was
kept' In the saloon in readiness to cash
the checks of the Newcastle miners. Col
lins had heard from the mine officials
that the men were 4 to ' be paid for the
month of March with checks. He accord
ingly prepared himself with a large sum
to accommodate the miners, most of
whom were patrons of his place.
"When the safe was opened the money
drawer was pulled out ! and Its contents
emptied. A wallet was found on the sa
loon-keeper's person and taken. There
was about $150 in it. After cautioning
Collins not to move the robbers disap
peared.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
STOCKTON, April 22.-Thirteen-year
old James Morgan to-day confessed to
having set fire to the house of his par
ents, a half mile out of Lodi, last night.
The Morgan hcuse was fired last Thurs
day night the first time, while five chil
dren of the family were in the house
and the mother was in Lodi. Young
Morgan denies having started the first
fire, but his confession of the attempt to
burn the dwelling last evening leaves no
doubt In the mind3 of the officers that ho
alone is guilty. Three children were
sleeping over the place where the blaze
was set. Only hard work on the part of
neighbors saved their lives and the prop
erty.
Deputy Sheriff "Wall was sent to Investi
gate. Young Morgan confessed to having
started the second fire and said when
questioned: -
"My father Is preaching down In Bak
ersfleld and I don't want to stay in Lod!,
as the boys there torment me. I thought
that if I burned the house down my
mother would move away."
The Morgans are a colored family, con
sisting of father, mother and eight chil
dren, of which the youthful prisoner la
next to the oldest.
Lodi Incendiary Proves to Be
: - * a Thirteen- Year-Old
Negro Lad.
was taken to the Morgue and' an inquest
will be held. The condition of the dead
man's family appeals strongly to the
humanity of the community. They are
destitute and have been subsisting upon
next to nothing for several months past.
They have not a cent in the world and
tha larder Is empty and unless some char
itable person intervenes the husband and
parent must be buried in the potter's
field.
TWICE SETS FIRE
TO PARENTS' HOME
Special , Dispatch to The Call.
SEATTLE, April 22.— Two masked rob
bers held up. the saloon of Harry Collins
at Newcastle last night and escaped with
a cash booty of $2550. The robbery was
one of the boldest and most successful,
that has ever been perpetrated In this
county. ;There is no trace of the high
waymen, though a half-dozen deputy
Sheriffs, reinfoVced by scores of armed
citizens of Newcastle, are" searching the
country^for them!
The two men wore masks that covered
the lower part "of their faces. 'They evi
dently were well acquainted with that
kind of work. They took nothing from
the saloon that , in ; any way iden
tify them, • even leaving behind a gold
watch and some jewelry that belonged. to
Harry Collins, the owner ' of the place.
-.'.It was 9:45 o'clock when the last cus
tomer : left ¦¦ the '_, saloon. Collins Washed
some. beer glasses and wiped off the-bar.
Then,he:sat down to await the next cus
tomer. He was drowsy and sat nodding
in his chair. Suddenly, awakening from
a r doze, _ he found the muzzles of four re
volvers pointed 'straight at him and he
Compel a Newcastle Saloon
... keeper to Open His Safe
for Them.
• -jp^y ISAPPOINTED in his efforts to
§ A\ obtain work at his trade of ma
\'J/ chinist, and heart broken at the
thought that his wife and chil
dren were destitute and suffer
ing, F. Law of 25 Clara street swallowed
Prussia acid while walking along the
street yesterday morning. -He fell to the
sidewalk and died almost . instantly.
At a' quarter before 8 o'clock Law
kissed his wife and children good-by and
TWO MASKED MEM
MAKE A RICH HAUL
left tne house, apparently on his daily
quest for work. As he was passing 72&4
Howard street he was seen - to stagger
and. fall to the sidewalk. Mrs. Anna
Stewart and Mrs. Conn of 728^4 Howard
street went to the assistance of the pros
trate man and sent for 4 a. glass of water,
but he was dead before it arrived. Dr.
Westerberg was called and pronounced
life extinct.
In the pockets of the dead man were
.¦".'.-. . , , . 1 __ _
THIS MAN. HEARTBROKEN AT THE SPECTACLE OF HIS WIFE AND CHILDREN SUFFERING FOR FOOD
WILLED HIS BODY TO THE DOCTORS AND POISONED HIMSELF IN ORDER THAT PUBLIC ATTENTION
MIGHT BE ATTRACTED TOWARD HIS FAMILY'S RELIEF.
OHIO has a new citizen. Oddly
enough he has raised a voice,
though but a tiny being, that
changes one part of the pro
gramme of one of the leading
events connected -with the reception of
President McKinley In California— the
launching of the Ohio. The battleship
will glide off the ways as arranged, but
the lady who will christen It will not be
Mrs. Worthington Babcock, for the ob
streperous Ohioan who has interfered,
now aged about twenty-four hours or so.
F. Law Leaves His Body for Dissection With the Expressed
Hope That the Medical Students Might in Return
Help His Family, Whom He Had Lovingly Kissed Adieu
found a piece of hydrocyanic acid and a
note reading: as follows:
My family is destitute. May some kind per
son help them. I leave :ny body to the medical
students. May they help my wife and family.
Law was 40 years old and had been out
of employment for six months. The body
STATE PREPARES TO TENDER GRAND RECEPTION
TO THE PRESIDENT AND HIS DISTINGUISHED PARTY
SAN FRANCISCO PLANS MARCH
OF VETERANS OF THE PHILIPPINE
WAR IN MOST IMPOSING ARRAY
Prominent California Cities and Towns Name Executive
Committees and Are Arranging Excursions Whieh
Will Be Participated in by Children of the Sehools
NINE MONTHS
AT SEE IN A
FRAIL SLOOP
? •
Newly Wedded Seattle
Couple's Strange
Honeymoon.
MACHINIST SWALLOWS POISON
BECAUSE WIFE AND CHILDREN
ARE IN THE DIREST DISTRESS
Start for Two Weeks' Cruise
and Land oh Coast of
Alaska.
? ¦ ¦•
Sail Back to Port After They Have
Long Been Mourned
as Dead.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SEATTLE, April 22.— The celebrated
voyage around the world by Captain Jo
siah Slocum in his forty-foot sloop Daunt
less has been matched by the wedding
trip of Roy Ovaett, a lad of 19. Single
handed, Ovaett sailed an eighteen-foot
sloop from Seattle to Seward City, which
is near Juneau, Alaska. Then he put
about and beat his way home again, ar
riving here less than a week ago. Captain
Slocum sailed with a fully provisioned and
thoroughly equipped boat. Roy Ovaett
had scanty supplies, $10 in money,, not a
stick of spare canvas nor a foot of extra
spars and a young wife to care for. That
in'brief is the story. Told in detail the
narrative would make a book.
Ovaett is a modest young chap, with
clear blue eyes and a frank smile. His
wife is a beautiful young woman. She
was Meg Goodell before her marriage, and
the long months at sea have only added
to the charm of her face.
Sailed Away Last July.
The young couple were married early
in last July and«fl. few days later the hus
band went to Frank Faber, who owns the
Brighton boathouse, and rented a sloop
named the Ultra. He told , Faber he was
going for a wedding trip, and the sloop
was provisioned for a two weeks' cruise.
The Ultra left port on the 28th of . last
July. Three weeks later Faber received a
letter from Allard Bay, in which Ovaett
'announced* thai^he-was sroing-to/take' his
wife to Alaska, and that 'he was not com
ing back.
From the day of her departure the Ultra
was not spoken by any craft. She disap
peared as completely as if she had sunk
to the bottom of the Pacific. And that is
what in time people came to believe was
her fate. ; •
' Mrs. Ovaett. nrlor to her marriage, had
lived with her grandmother, Mrs. Goodell,
in a little cottage close by the water front.
Mrs. Goodell gave up her grandchild as
dead and young .Ovaett's family mourned
for him as one lost to them forever.
Return of the Ultra.
A week ago the Ultra sailed jauntily up
the bay and dropped anchor off the Brigh
ton boathouse. Many things happened
during the long voyage to Alaska. There
were storms and head winds. Provisions
ran short— perilously short at times. Once
they lived for two days on a handful of
clams. On another occasion the Ultra
staggered along in the teeth of a gale un
til her trysail parted, and for thirty-nine
hours this boy stood at the tiller, holding
her head close to the wind. Had the Ultra
fallen off she would have upset.
Sitting in his cozy home this afternoon
Ovaett told the story of his wonderful
cruise along the shore of the North Pacific
to Seward, Alaska; After working his
way out _ into the ocean from Pug-et
Sound he took what is known as the inner
passage to Alaska. That he was not
wrecked a dozen times was due to vigi
lance and the numerous sheltered nooks
along the irregular passage.
Venison for Their I/arder. *
His two weeks' provisions were made to
cover a much longer period by the prac
tice of economy. and the addition of fish
and deer meat. Ovaett had no trouble ob
taining plenty of fish and when the meat
larder ran low he resorted to the old fash
ioned plan of "jacking" -for deer.. There
are many places along the coast even how
where deer may be killed with compara
tive ease. Ovaett had a gun with him,
and owing" to the necessity of making each
shot tell, got good results.
The sloop touched at Allard bay, from
which point Mrs. Ovaett was sent home
by steamer, while Ovaett sailed" home
without assistance. ¦ - '
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAN FRANCISCO, TUESDAY, APRIL 23, 19O3.
VOLUME LXXXIX-NO. 144.
mittee wil have charge of the President
on at least one other Important occasion.
Republican State Committee.
The rooms of the Republican State Com
mittee in the Palace Hotel will be deco
rated in honor of President McKinley's
visit to California. •Artists appointed to
carry out the plans of decoration will be-
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.BTJTLBrN"GS AT BUFFALO
ESCAPE THE BIO STORM:
Heavy Wind Does Hot Interfere Seri
ously With, the Pan- American.
Exposition. Work.
BUFFALO, April 22.— A detailed inspec
tion of the buildings of the Pan-American
Exposition to-day showed that the only
real damage done by the heavy -winds and
snow of Saturday night was the breaking"
of some skylights of the conservatory of
the horticulture building. This damage
was done by the dropping of quantities of
snow from the roof of tho graphic arts
building.
Concerning the outdoor floral display,
Architect Ulrich maintains that the flow
ers already budding will not Buffer from
the storm. A. work seriously delayed by
the snow la the laying of asphalt pave
ment. The placing of exhibits will also
be delayed to some extent because of the
deep mud. which makes transportation of
heavy displays in. the grounds practically
impossible. ,
I>elcasse in St. Petersburg.
ST. PETERSBURG, April 22.— The
French Foreign Minister. M. Delcasse. has
arrived here from Paris, which citv he
left April 20. A series of dinners has been
arranged in his honor, and the Czar will
receive him in audieuce at Tiarko-Selo.
Child Chokes to Dsath.
SANTA CRUZ, April 22.— The two-year
old daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Henry Pet-
erson was choked to death at Boulder
Creek last night by a bromo-quinlne cap
sule lodging in her windpipe.
parlors may plan and carry out individual
celebrations or several parlors whose
funds are sufficient may have a joint cele
bration.
Provides for Trustea Districts.
Another resolution of importance wag
Introduced by George L. Eckett. Its pur
pose is-to divide the State into seven trus
tee districts and no trustee is to be elected
unless he be a member of one of these
districts. The plan, 'if. carried out, will
provide for the election of trustees from
a district convention or parlor, made up
of delegates from the - various parlors
within the particular district, and each
CINCINNATI, April 22.— Alarm over tha
flood has almost ceased in the lower Ohio
valley. The low water mark in 'the Ohio
below this city has' allowed the floods
from up the river to flow rapidly toward
the Mississippi. The situation is still
serious up . the river,: notably at Rlpley,
Marysville, Aberdeen, Portsmouth. Hang-
Ing Rock, Ironton, Ashland, CatUetts
burg, Huntington, Point Pleasant, Pome
roy, Marietta, Parkersburg and some
other places, between Wheeling and Cin
cinnati. The crest of the flood is below
Wheeling to-night and the further down
stream it gets the lower Is the rate of
risjng. . ¦ ¦
The uniform rate of three Inches per
hour this morning fell to two Inches be
fore noon and as low as one and a half
inches an -hour at Point Pleasant at 2 p.
m: This decrease in the rate did not ex
tend far below Point Pleasant, so that it
will: be another day before it reaches
Portmouth. Ironton. Ashland, Cattletts
burg and Huntington, where there aro al
ready serious conditions. It usually takes
the crest of the flood two days to reach
Cincinnati from Point Pleasant, but the
present 'unobstructed flow is much more
rapid than in former floods. At Ports
mouth to-night fifty-five, feet was reported
and that means serious conditions at
points below Portsmouth. The Weather
Bureau indicates that the. flood will not
exceed fifty-tight feet at any time at
Cincinnati, and possibly it may not reach
fifty-seven feet. It is over fifty-two feet
to-night and the maximum will not be
reached before to-morrow night or Wed
nesday. This is about ten feet less than
was anticipated here until the river be
gan falling last night at Pittsburg.
Not as Bad as Former Floods.
The flood is not' as bad as In a^uozen
former years and much below the record
of 1897 and 1898, and those of 1S83 and 1S84.
The former floods were earlier, when the
weather was cold, causing much distress
among the homeless people. While this
flood is not so hard on the people driven
from their homes, it is much harder on the
crops and fruits that are well advanced.
The property loss in the rural districts
cannot be estimated. It will be very large.
The homeless people will not be kept
away from their houses as long as they
were during former floods, which in some
cases have lasted as many weeks in the
winter as this will continue days in the
spring. The highest stage will be reached
at Parkersburg to-morrow, and here the.
next day and at the mouth of the Ohio
before the week is out.
The Weather Bureau here to-night
gave out the statement that the Ohio
River in the Cincinnati district generally
was above the danger line from one foot
at Cincinnati to fourteen feet at Point
Pleasant and rising at an average of two
inches an hour. It indicates that the rise
would continue at Cincinnati until Wed
nesday, when the river will become sta
tionary and soon begin falling. The
Bureau predicts fifty- four feet here to
morrow moraine and fifty-six to-morrow
evening.
Heavy Losses Are Sustained.
The most encouraging Information re
ceived by the Weather Bureau was from
Parkersburg. where there was a rise of
only one foot all day and a stage of only
forty-two feet was recorded where the
local river men had anticipated forty
eight. It. was expected that >the river
would begin falling at Parkersburg to
morrow. At Point Pleasant, another criti
cal place farther down the river, the
water was rising much more slowly.
At Pomeroy. which is located In a great
bend, the suffering to-night Is reported
less than in former floods. The large
furnaces of the salt trust are located here,
and they have suffered much loss, a»
well as the lumbermen, the electric in
ter-urban lines, the light and other cor
porations. - Similar conditions exist at
MInersville, but all the points In the
Pomeroy Bend have escaped. The reports
from other up-river points that suffered
so severely during other floods indicate
that no outside help is needed, that there
has been no loss of life except in' acci
dental drownlngs from shanty boats and
that there is no distress for want of food
or shelter.
HIGH WATER IMPEDES TRAFFIC
Is Done Along the Ohio.
At Cincinnati Considerable Damage
CINC1NNATT, April 23.— The stage of
the river here at 6 o'clock to-night was
fifty-one feet and rising at the rate of two
inches an hour. This means fifty-three
feet at 6 o'clock to-morrow morning, when
trains will be shut off from the Grand
Central station. The roads using that sta
tion have already arranged to use the
Fourth and Eighth street stations to-mor
row. All the railways have also made ar
rangements for receiving and delivering
freight at higher stations so that there
will be no Interruption here either to pas
senger or freight traffic. Owing to the in
ability of the eteamers to get under the
bridges, navigation on the river is sus
pended, but the predicted subsidence of
the flood will probably permit a resump
tion of river traffic by Thursday.
Owing to washouts, the Cincinnati.
Portsmouth and Virginia Railway cannot
run trains.
The residents of the tenement houses
along the Ohio River front were run out
of the first storJes when the river reached
a stage of forty-five feet last night. "What
Is known as the danger line of fifty feet
was not reached until 1 o'clock to-day,
since which time the jobbers, warehouses
and manufacturers in the lower part of
the city have been suffering. The flooding
of basements wJll compel many manufac-
turers to shut down for two or three d-*ys.
The river here was rising at the rate of
three inches an hour this moning. The
flood is unobstructed In tne lower Ohio, and
there Is less backwater, than usual, which
conditions give hope that the trouble will
be of short duration. It 13 settled now that
if a second rise from the Allegheny re
gion comes it will not overtake the pres
ent flow. So far the damage here has
been limited to the lumbermen and others
located along the river front.
Mayor Fleischmann. Chief of Police
Deitsch, Health Officer Davis and other9
inspected the flooded district to-day in
patrol wagons and boats, and arranged for
the relief of all who were in need. An ex
tra police was put on In the flooded dis
tricts, and the police boat patrols will be
on the river front to-morrow.
The endless lino of shanty boats and
other craft along the river front have
been swept away, but so far without loss
The " country along 1 th© Little Miami
River is badly flooded Just east of the
city.
At Newport and Dayton. Ky.. many peo
ple have been driven from their homes.
The waterworks of Newport are unable
to do pumping, but the reservoir is full
and no trouble -is expected during the
short duration of the flood. It is now set
tled that the Newport race tra£k -«|llnot
be flooded. Tho races are proceeding^crV*
der very sloppy conditions.
At Huntingtcn. W. Va., to-night the
Ohio is 64.3 and rising an inch an hour.
Nearly all of the tributaries of the Ohio
are falling slowly.
WATERS ARE RECEDING.
Damage at Plttsburg and Vicinity
"Will Amount to Two "Million
Dollars.
PITTSBURG, April 22.— The flood la
over. Notwithstanding tho fact that early
In the day there was every evidence of a
renewal of the high water, the announce
ment can be made authoritatively to
night that there is not the least danger
of another rise at this point nor above
for the present, but towns on the Ohio
River below here are not yet out of dan
ger because of rains in tha valley last
nicht and to-day.
All up-river points report the rain as
having ceased and the river falling 1 . Th©
Ohio registered 19.8 at the dam here at
7 o'clock and was falling. Forecaster
Ridgeway says It would require a steady
downpour of rain for twenty-four hour3
to check the fall, and from present Indi
cations such a thing Is not ukely.
The rivers about this city are down so
that the works along- the banks are run
ning. There is a good deal of cleaning
up to be done. The flood brought in much
slimy mud that it left when it receded,
and it will reaulra a day of two to re
move it from many of the mills and clean,
tho machinery.
The creeks and runs -which did so much
damage in the outlying districts on Satur
day are back well wltoln their banks to
night. Carnegie Is rapidly cleaning up
and repairing Dridges, houses and roads.
The same state of affairs exists at Mo
Kees, Recks and other towns that tha
water reached.
¦ The railroads hav« recovered remark
ably Well from the effects of the flood
and snowstorm, and the various lines
flave resumed operations to all points,
but for several days no pretension at run
ning on schedule time will be made.
A look over the ground "after the flood
shows that the losses will be fully as
great as was estimated yesterday. In
and about Plttsburg It will probably take
$1,000,000 to pay the total cost of the injury
to property by the water and landslides.
Add to this the great loss to th© rail
roads and manufacturing' plants up and
down the rivers in their immediate- vicin
ity, with the loss In -wages to> the work
ingmen, and tho total will not fall rax
short Of $2,000,000. i ---
ALARM OVER FLOOD CEASES,
BUT THERE IS STILL DANGER
Rivers Continue to Rise and the Situation
Remains Very Serious at Many Towns
Along the Ohio Above Cincinnati City
CAUGHT WHEN BURYING
THEIR'CHILD ALIVE
Man and Woman Arrested in New
' York State and Charged With .
Horrible Crime.
NEW YORK. April 22— An Italian, who
says he is Givrio Buttaccavallo, and a
pale-faced girl of 18 years, -rfho refuses to
say anything about herself, were commit
ted to the: Westchester County Jail at
"White Plains j to-night . on a. charge of
burying a live child at the foot of a ravine
bordering the village of Hastings-on-the-
Hudson. A contractor's foreman, Patrick
McAvoy, caused the arrest of the couple.
• McAvoy was on his way to lunch at
his home in Hastings. , when he saw a
man and woman kneeling on the ground.
The man appeared to be dig-ging in the
soil. They both fled when he approached.
Hurrying to the spot, he lieard the cries
of. a baby. Removing three feet of earth
with his hands, he found a bundle of white
clothes, inside of which was a boy baby
about three weeks old. The child may die.
trustee will represent only the district
from ¦which he may be elected.
An amendment to the constitution pro
vides that ; "membership shall consist of
white males who were born within the
State on or before September 9, 1900, and
the -white male lineal descendants of any
white person, male or female, born with
in the State on or prior to said date."
This amendment was Introduced by "W.
H. Devlin of Sacramento. There is some
opposition to it, but the fight has not
developed, as the vote will not take place
until later. :
Another resolution provides for the es
tablishment of parlors outside of the
State by non-resident natives. This will
probably open a large territory to the
order, particularly through the West
ern States and the Hawaiian Islands.
Greeting to Mr. McKinley.
The following resolution was adopted:
"Whereas, The State of California is about
to be honored by the visit of William McKln
ley, President of the United States of America;
and whereas, the order of the Native Sons of
the Golden West, ever loyal and prgud- of the
State of their nativity, rejoices in this un
usual event, destined, as it is, to bring to the
attention of the nation the needs and necessi
ties of our beloved State: therefore be it ¦
Resolved. That the members of the order
represented in this Grand Parlor duly assem
bled hereby add testimony of their pleasure at
the coming visit of .the . President, and be it
further ..' • •
The following telegram was received by
the Grand Parlor from the Native Daugh
ters this afternoon:
Resolved, That the grand president be di
rected to send to President McKlnley a mes
sajre of greeting- and welcome to the State of
California on behalf of the Native Sons of the
Golden West. ' . .
"With best wishes for the prosperity of your
loyal and patriotic order, the Native Daughters
congratulate the Native Sons on the past year's
achievements, and we hope your session may
be harmonious and much rood accomplished
for our beloved State of California.
. EM A GETT. .
;.';: Grand President N. D. G. W.
Baron von "Windhelm, to keep him in
formed as to all similar news, but that
under no condition is the matter, to be
brought to the attention of the Empress.
It Is a fact that for some months the Ber
lin . police have kept a very- close watch
upon known anarchists In the city and an
unusually careful surveillance of arrivals
known or suspected to> be of anarchistlo
affiliations. Antonio "Porporello. who was
here . until - a. few days ago, fled • to" Ben
theim, where he was arrested. r The Ber
lin authorities seem to know nothing
about alleged plots against Emperor
Nicholas and King Victor Emmanuel.
Demand for. More Battleships.
When the Secretary of the Navy recently
demanded " more battleships , : Congress con
sidered 'hla - recommendations favorably and
authorized ' the -construction of several power
ful-warships. .,- Protection .- is what our sea
ports require, and fortifications will not ade
quately supply "this. Defense against all dis
orders of the digestive organs, such as dyspep
sia, .constipation,' biliousness,', rheumatism I
and nervousness, ¦ is adequately afforded ,by j
that efficient remedy, Hostettei"s Stcmach I
Bitters. Try it. •• ; - ]
AT.ABAMA WILL VOTE
ON CONSTITUTION TO-DAY
Advocates of Measure Eliminating
Negro Vote by Educational Qual-
ification Are Confident.
BIRMINGHAM, Ala., April 22.— With
stump speeches in nearly every county in
the State, the campaign for a constitu
tional convention closed to-day. A gen
eral election will be held to-morrow, and
indications point to an overwhelming vic
tory for the advocates of the new con
stitution.
The principal change, and practically
the only change to be made in the con
stitution, is the elimination of the negro
vote by educational qualification. On this
point the political contest has been
fought, and there is organized opposition
to the new constitution In some of the
counties. The Democrats who are behind
the movement for radical change in suf
frage laws, feel confident of success. The
Democratic party has pledged itself, to
see that no white man will -be disfran
chised under the constitution which they
hope to have adopted.
COMPANY W f T f T; CHANGE .
THE COTTBSE OF A BJVEH,
Operations of a Corporation in Colo
rado May Cause Protest From
the Irrigationists.
FORT COLLINS, Colo., April 22.-The
course of the headwaters of the Grand
Is to-be reversed and 1 the flow turned from
the Pacific to the Atiantio 'ocean by the
water supply and .storage- company .which
•operates, the Larimer County ditch. The
company has i sent a crew of men to the
headwaters of the Grand River to con
struct another feeder for. the ditch. As
soon -as the snow melts a high-line ditch
will be built to collect the water from
¦ WASHINGTON. April 22.*-The Secre
tary of the Treasury ha* awarded a gold
medal of honor to Charles Reiner of San
Francisco in recognition of his "extreme
heroism" In saving life on the -occasion
of the wreck off Humboldt Bay, Cal.. on
December 1, 1S99, of the 6team<yr Weott,
of which" he was second officer.*'
Uledal for Heroic Mariner.
LONDON. April 22.— Special dispatches
received here from' Paris report trouble
at the Castle- of Het loo over the bach
elor debts of Prince Henry, the husband
of Queen Wllhelmina. It is said that
shortly prior to his marriage he prom
ised his creditors in Berlin and Frank
fort to pay one-third of his debts with
in a month of the wedding day, but the
money has not yet" been forthcoming,
and the money lenders formally applied
of Queen Wilhelmina. The latter de
clares her husband must pay his owp
debts out of the allowance made him by
the state. . It Is now said the creditors
have formed a syndicate and purpose to
negotiate the Prince Consort's paper on
the Amsterdam Bourse. Queen Wilhel
mina is reported to be very angry.
Uncomfortable by the Demands
of Creditors.
Husband of the Holland Queen Made
WTLEELMINA " IS ANGEY
ABOTJT HENRY'S DEBTS
A Month's Test Free.
If you haveRheumatlEm.wrlteDr. Shoop.Ractne.
WlB..boxl37,for six bottles of hlsRheumatlcCure,
express raid. Send no money. Pay (5.50 if cured*
NEW YORK, April 22.— The directors of
the Missouri Pacific Railroad at a meeting
to-day authorized an increase of $30,000,000
in the capital stock, making the total
authorized $100,000,000. A stockholders'
meeting will be held shortly to ratify this
action.
It was reported that a large part of the
new-st&ck would be available for taking
up Denver and Rio Grande preferred and
common shares. Information as to the
price of issue or other details could not
be obtained from the company's offices.
The Missouri Pacific's present outstand
ing capital is $50,432,000. The authorize'";
amount was increased to $70,000,000 about*
a year ago, but it was then stated that
the increase was made because Missouri
,laws required a certain ratio between the
bonds and stocks, of corporations to be
maintained. The new stock then author
ized has not been issued up to the present
time. . ¦-. , ... 4
The Denver and Rio Grande stock out
standing is $30,000,000 common and $23,650,
000 preferred. Tha latter issue, however,
will be increased to $44,000,000 at the spe
cial shareholders' meeting called for May
15 to provide for the Rio Grande Western
purchase. Of this new stock $12,500,000 Is
to be issued at once for cash, for the Rio
Grande Western common shares, and pre
sumably the greater share of the amount
reserved will be held for exchanging Rio
Grande Western preferred stock. If the
Missouri Pacific proposed to completely
absorb the Denver and Rio Grande Rail
road, therefore, the greater part of the
unissued stock would be required" for that
purpose.
The Missouri Pacific In
creases Its Capital 7.
Stock.
MORE MILLIONS
I N A RAILROAD
MEMPHIS, Tenn.. April 22.— The fast
express train of the Choctaw. Oklahoma
and Gulf Railroad, which left Memphis
at 11:40 o'clock to-night, was held up t>y
three masked bandits at Bridge Junction,
Ark., about midnight. It is not known
¦what booty the robbers secured, but a dis
patch received at police headquarters
stated that the express messenger .and
porter of the train were injured after re
sisting the bandits. The Wells-Fargo Ex
press Company usually makes its heaviest
shipments to the West on this train. Po
lice Sergeant Perry, upon receipt of the
telegram, Immediately posted officers
along the river front with instructions to
keep a sharp lookout for the bandits,
should they attempt to cross to the city. '
The train left Memphis with a heavy
passenger list. The scene of the hold-up
is a lonely railroad crossing about four
miles from the river. It is said that the
negro porter was shot by one of the ban
dits aod Is in a serious condition.
The Train was in charge of Conductor
Nelson, one of the oldest employes of the
road, and Engineer Johnston. The ex
press messenger. Meadows, is said to have
been shot, but It cannot be learned if any
valuables were secured. The negro por
ter, Gould, was shot and is in a critical
condition. 'The train was delayed about
twenty minutes.
Bloodhounds from the convict camp at
Hulbert, three miles from the scene, are
now on the bandits' trail.
The engine, mail and " express car ' were
cut off from the train and run to a point
half a mile west of the place where the
train was stopped. The engine was then
detached and run a short distance up the
track, two men remaining cuard over the
trainmen. The third used dynamite on
the exoress car and blew open the doors.
It is reported that everything of value in
the express car was taken and it is be
lieved that the bandits' haul is large, as
this was a. heavy run.
THREE BANDITS
HOLD UP TRAIN
Daring Raid and Big
Haul Made Near
Memphis.
HARVARD INSTRUCTOR
CHAEGED WITH MURDER
CAMBRIDGE, Mass., April 22.— The trial
of Charles R. Eastman on the charge of
having ' murdered his brother-in-law,
Richard H. Crogan, at Cambridge last
July, was begun to-day. . The case attract
ed wide attention. After a hearing sev
eral months ago Eastman was discharged,
but later an indictment wris found by the
Grand Jury to which the case was taken
by the District Attorney. :
The. defendant is an instructor at Har
vard university. He has claimed that the
shooting of Grogan was -accidental, but
the victim, when dying, is ~said to- have
accused Eastman of murdering him.
MEMBER OF PARLIAMENT.
SENTENCED TO PRISON"
DUBLIN, April 22.-Patrick A. McHugh,
Nationalist member of Parliament j for
North Leitrim and three times ¦ Mayor of
Sligo, has been sentenced to four months'
imprisonment as a nrst-clas3 misdemean
ant for publishing in his paper, the Sllgo
Champion, seditious libels' calculated to
interfere with -the administration . of jus
tice. -• The- comments complained of at
tacked jurymen who found two men guilty
of intimidating persons- -who- had' taken
farms from .'which their, former :. tenants
had been evicted. . ,'
ANTA BARBARA, April 22.—Bril
i^l Hant in the color of gold, gay with
v*"~^l the sound of music, lively with the
&s±J' presence of hundreds of notable
-' ¦ ¦' guests, the historic old city of
Santa Barbara is this week the Mecca of
all true and /loyal Native Sons of tho
Golden West- They have come in vast
numbers— singly.- and- in pairs and j by ths
"trainload. They have taken the town by
storm arid "it is theirs. Opposition there
was none and none there will be to the
continued occupation of this peaceful city
by the gathered hosts. ,.
;UTjhua far. there^ has^jbeen no change in
the ' published programme and the Grand
Parlor session ' of 1901 will be the j great,
success that was predicted. The heaviest
arrival of delegates was. >by, the special
train, from San Francispfy reaching Santa
''Barbara about 9 o'clock last evening after
an"enjoyable tripover. the coast line. The
excursionists were cheered; and .feted at
every point and were the recipients of a
number of favors, varying from ripe, juicy
apples at Watsonville to. juicy-ripe clams
¦at: Sari Luis Obispo. \V 4
" Though late in' arriving, the train, com
ing in two sections, was met by a large
number of people, Including members of
Santa. Barbara Parlor and a band. There
were 320 Natives oil the train and the ac
commodation committee had a busy hour.
Politics Centers • Interest.
: To-day the real work.pf the Grand Par
lor commenced, but the session was con
fined to routine business, such as the ap
pointment of committees and the accept
ance of credentials. Between times the
visitors made side trips about town or
discussed Grand Parlor matters in quiet
corners. ¦ . . .
So far as contests for office go. the chief
interest surrounds the fight for grand
orator, an honor now held by H. R. Mq-
Noble of Stockton. Judge Charles E. Mc-
Laughlin of Quincy and Judge M. T. Dool
ing of Hollister, both grand trustees, are
candidates for the honor. As a side at
traction there is the candidacy of S. A.
D. Jones of San Francisco for grand sec
retary, a position filled for so many years
by Henry Lunstedt, also of the bay city.
This afternoon the delegates " to ! the
Grand Parlor vere driven about this city
and Montecito and along the mountain
boulevard. Three hundred availed of
this privilege and enjoyed the trip im
mensely. The newspaper men were the
guests of Don Dixie w. Thompson, one of
the most noted pioneers on the coast. Don
Dixie and his trained charger, which has
been admired by every noted personage
who has visited Santa Barbara during the
last decade, will, lead the parade of Native
Sons on Wednesday morning. '. . • ,
Reception to the Visitors, j
This evening there was a reception at
Grace Methodist Episcopal Church lri be
half of Santa Barbara, City Attorney; H. C.
Booth delivered the address of welcome.
Mayor Storke being out of town- Other
speakers were Edmund M. Burke, presl-
the tiny streams flowing down the conti
nental divide and entering the Grand Riv
er from the northern rim of the basin in
which the river has its source. \
The -water naturally flows down the Pa
cific slope of the divide, but will be trans
ferred to the eastern side of the range
and turned in time to the headwaters of
the Cache la Poudre River which : sup
plies the Larimer County ditch.' The
ditch will cross the continental divide at
Meadow Mountain pass. Tributaries of
the Grand lower than the headwaters will
keep it supplied with wateij. It is possi
ble, however, that persons who depend on
that stream for irrigation will protest.. .
BERLIN, April 22.— With , reference ¦ to
the statements: cabled from the United
States of a plot said to have been con
cocted against Emperor William and oth
er European rulers by anarchists of Ar
gentina and New Jersey extreme reti
cence is observed in official circles in Ber
lin, ; , ;
After careful investigation, however, a
correspondent ascertained in a reliable
quarter that the Berlin police presidency
issued, an order April 6 for the arrest,
whenever or wherever caught, of the al
leged anarchist, Rodolfo Romagnoli, alias
Romalisso, alias Langwick Mueller. The
order simultaneously requested all inland
and foreign authorities to ¦ assist in ap
prehending Romagnoli. Photographs of
the alleged anarchist, with a minute de
scription after the Bertillon method, were
furnished for identification.
The information received by the Berlin
authorities waa that Romagnoli had -been
formally chosen . by the alleged conspira
tors in Paterson, N. J., to murder Em
peror "William. They were furthermore
informed that he left Buenos Ayres March
27 on the North German Lloyd steamer
Halle for Bremen. . Whether this informa
tion Is correct they have no means of
knowing, but since a portion of It came
officially, . they are inclined, to give it
credence.. . • s-f . . - ¦
Emperor "William has been advised of
the, situation and has issued strict orders
to* the -president of. the 'Berlin ¦ police,
Berlin Police Are Watch
ing AH Suspicious
Characters.
dent of the local parlor. Congressman
Frank M. Coombs, Grand President R. C.
Rust and Grand Orator H. R.' McNoble.
The 12-year-old daughter of J. C. Pelton,
California's first public school teacher,
read a poem .written by her father for this
occasion. It was entitled "Hall, Native
Sons," and was greatly appreciated by the
native hearers.
City Attorney Booth's , address of wel
come was in part as follows:
It seems to me that it Is peculiarly appro
priate that Santa Barbara should have been
chosen by you as a gathering: place. , As a
village in early days, it played no Inconspicu
ous part In the making of California history.
Our State, more especially the southland, is
thoroughly cosmopolitan; It Is now peopled by
men .and. women most' of whom have owed their
allegiance to other sovereign States. And in
the haste of to-day we, the later dwellers, are
apt to forget, the struggles of those pioneers
who. made it possible for us.to/now enjoy the
blessings of a stable government, a fruitful
land, a rich commonwealth. It' is, due. to their
memory that from among their sons and
daughters spring up. fraternal orders
whose members have the common heritage
of pluck and endurance that carved from an
unknown land the imperial State of California.
Tribute to the Pioneers.
Reflect but a moment on the deeds of the
pioneers and one must exclaim, "Ah, my mas
ters, there were men!" Hen who made the
wildernets blossom as the rose; who wrested
from stubborn nature the secrets of prosperity;
who turned over the virgin soil to see spring
from it fragrant orchards and waving grains:
who compelled the "gray and melancholy"
waste of ocean to ray tribute to them, the
stern and forbidding mountains to reveal hid
den riches surpassing those of fabled Golconda.
To the sons and daughters of these pioneers
It is my privilesre on behalf of the city of
Santa Barbara to extend a welcome heartfelt
and a genuine "last toast and of obligation— a
health to the native born." ,
After the reception those of the visit
ing natives who are also Elks responded
to an invitation from the local lodge of
Elks and attended a high jinks reception
at Elks Hall. Banqueting- and toasts
were the order of the entertainment till
near morning.
Grand Parlor Routine.
The Grand Parlor convened at 10:30
o'clock this morning at the Armory.
About 275 delegates were present. The
session ¦was called to order by Grand
.President R. C. Rust, and all- of the
Grand Parlor officers were present. Grani
President Rust appointed E. B. Hayward
of "Woodland minute clerk.
The newspaper men belonging to the or
der were appointed a committee to select
one of their number to act as press com
mittee. They chose C. A. Carroll of
Calistoga. editor of the Calistoglan.
The past grand presidents are: Charles
W. Becker, Charles H. Garoutte, Frank
D. Ryan, Thomas H. Flint Jr., John T.
Greeney, Frank H. Dunn and William
Conway.
The committee on credentials was ap
pointed as follows: W. J. Wynn, Rincon
No. 72; F. J. Palomares, Pomona No. 174;
E. J. Taaffe, South San Francisco No. 157.
>W. H. Devlin of Sacramento introduced
a motion to omit this year's annual cele
bration of Admission day, because the
social funds are so much depleted by the
semi-centennial celebration. The local
WILLIAM FEARS
AN ANARCHIST
PEKING. April 22.-General Voyron, the
commander of the French troops in China,
has Informed General Chaffee that 10,000
French soldiers will leave China In May.
Li Hung Chang believeB that the Chinese
troops under General Liu will be with
drawn over the boundary marklnj? the
territory defined by Field Marshal von
TValdersee as the sphere of operations for
the allies, as the Governor of Shansi prov
ince received telegraphic instructions
nearly a week ago ordering their with
drawal. The Governor could have con
veyed this order to the troops in question
by last Friday at the latest. ¦
The majority of the French and German
newspaper correspondents accompanying
the expedition directed against General
Liu. and which has been mobilized at
Paotlngfu, returned to Peking to-day, be
lieving that the expedition would be called
off.
Hsi Liang, formerly Governor of the
province of Shansi, has been appointed
Governor of the province of Hupei. The
foreign consuls at Hankow, capital of the
province of Hupei, have protested against
this appointment to Chang Chi Tung,
Viceroy of Hankow, and have sent a tele
gram advising him to delay proceeding in
the matter of Hsl Liang's appointment.
Civilians Are Alarmed.
The numerous appointments of China
men with pronounced anti-foreign ten
dencies is creating comment at Peking.
Even the foreign Ministers admit that so
many appointments of this character are
ill-advised, while the missionaries and
other civilians are alarmed for the future.
It Is the opinion of Mr. Rockhill. the
American special commissioner, that the
foreign troops may now commence leav-
Inj? China with perfect safety. . On the
other hand the announcement that 10,000
French troops are to leave in May causes
fear among the French native converts
and French residents.
The views of the foreign Ministers ..on the
withdrawal of the troops are not shared
by the great majority of the foreign resi
dents. The Ministers aver that some of
these latter have business reasons and
others would have to vacate the line
buildings they are now occupying rent
free when the troops go.
Would Protect the General.
A personage from Sianfu, who Is closely
connected with the court, denies that Gen
eral Tung Fuh Siang is in a state of open
rebellion. The person in question thinks
that the missionaries who reported that
he was In rebellion must have heard ac
counts of his harsh treatment of bandits
falling into his hands. He has frequently
disobeyed orders of the court. When 5000
troops were withdrawn from his com
mand last January he should have re
turned their rifles and ammunition. This
he failed to do. Before he left for Kansu
he obtained an audience with the Em
press. Upon this occasion he said to the
Km press:
"All that your servant has done has
been to obey the orders of the court. He
will die upon the battlefield in your ser
vice. If, because of the commands of the
foreigners, your servant were committed
to death he would die unwillingly."
To this the Empress replied
"Let your heart be at peace. I would
rather lose my rivers and mountains than
you. I will surely devise a plan for your
protection."
Court Advisers Not in Accord.
The same informant says that the court
advisers are not in accord.
Lu Chuan Lin. a notorious reactionary
and president of the Board of Trade,
argues in favor of subduing the barbari
ans, while others advise delay in return
ing to Peking. Only Weng Weng Shao
and Sun Chian Nai, urge immediate ac-:
ceptance of the terms offered privately.
Two of the foreign powers have separate
ly agreed to extend to the court the fuil
protection, should necessity arise, of
every soldier they have.
At a recent meeting of the council both
the Emperor and the Empress wept fre
quently. The Dowager Empress said that
each day of absence was a day when ehe
could neither eat nor sleep in peace. The
Emperor said that Peking was the home
of his ancestors and that he could not
bear to abandon it.
i Sir Robert Hart's plan for the in
crease of the revenue of China would
bring in 20,000,000 taels annually, but the
foreigners and business men of China ob
ject to this plan, saying that under it
the foreign business houses will pay the
greater portion of the indemnity.
DEMAND POTJB MOBE HEADS.
Ministers Also Desire Degradation of
Eighty Officials.
PEKING. April 22.— The Ministers of
England. France, America, Holland, Bel
gium and Italy, to whom the question of
provincial punishment was assigned, to
day submitted a report to the diplomatic
corps that. they demand four more be
headings and punishment by exile, and
the degradation of eighty more officials.
The demand was immediately sent by the
diplomatic corps to the Chinese plenipo
tentiaries.
LONDON, April 23.— "According to Rus
sian advices." says the St. Petersburg
correspondent of the Times, "Prince Tuan
has utterly failed to produce a, rising
among the inhabitants of Mongolia, who
are kept quiet by a wholesome respect for
Russia. It is therefore declared to be un
true that an insurrection has broken out
in Mongolia." • j
BERLIN. April 22.— It is believed in
German official circles that Russia will
take up negotiations with China again
regarding the Manchuria convention after
the general Chinese question is settled.
It is also believed officially that the Chin
ese regular army is already retreating be
fore the expedition which is under way,
and that the allied commanders are now
discussing what troops they can send
home.
ACTIVITY IN MANCHURIA.
Chinese Troops Are Strongly En-
trenched Around Mukden.
LONDON, April 21— According to a dis
patch from St. Petersburg to the Daily
Mail official information has been received
that renewed military activity is begin
ning in Manchuria. Chinese troops are
strongly entrenched j at three points
around Mukden. They are armed with
good Mauser rifles and have thirty Krupp
guns.
To the eastward of Mukdftn. near Tar
chause,n, there are 12,000 men under the
chief Boxer, General Lutanz. To the
northwest, near Kulo, there are 6000 Chi
nese under the former" Governor of Muk
den. To the eastward in Mongolia and
near the In-Shan mountain there are 900^
more under the Chinese General Schu.
The situation in southern Manchuria- Is
disquieting ' and another advance 'pf Rus
sian troops will be made in -the early
spring. . , . v,'.',,. V ~ ¦-¦.
Admiral Aliexoff has accordingly organ
ized an expedition under General Zer
penskl, consisting of two regiments and
five sotnias of Cossacks, sixteen guns and
a body of : volunteers to operate against
the three points mentioned. The first
movement was successfully carried out in
the beginning of April. Kulo, which is 250
kilometers from Mukden, was stormed
and the ex-Governor of Mukden was taken
prisoner. In this action the Russians had
thirteen -men killed and four .officers and
eighteen men wounded. The advance to
ward the Turchausen position was then
begun. ¦ ". . ~ .• *¦-.-
Owing 1 to the departure of. most . of the
Russian troops from Mukden the 1 latter
city has become unsafe. > Almost: nightly.
Russian sentinels are found shot In": tire''
back. . '¦ -. • ' ' ."!,:,*••:¦.¦.; •:'¦'.- -. v ; -
TEN THOUSAND FRENCH TROOPS
TO BE WITHDRAWN FROM CHINA
Appointments of Chinese With 'Pronounced
Anti-Foreign Tendencies Again Causing
Great Alarm Among the Missionaries
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, APRIL 23, 1901.
Grand Parlor Delegates Dispose of Routine Business, Dis
cuss Politics of the Order and Heartily Respond to
Their Hosts' Wish That They "Own" the Seaside City
CROWDS OF MERRY NATIVES THRONG
SANTA BARBARA'S GOLD-CLAD STREETS
SANTA BARBARA NATIVES
WHO ARE LOOKING AFTER
VISITORS' WELFARE.
2
To Cure a Cold in One Day! ': ?; '
Take Laxative Bromo-Quinlne Tablets. ; 25a. *
§1 The golf shape will be "the only" hat this summer — I|
I that's sure. Our buyer, who is in touch with all the big |
H Eastern factories, foresaw this and stocked us accordingly. P
| We have golfs at all prices; as fine a hat as anybody would p
I wish for is the one pictured above for $2.50. It is a swell |
i shape, and comes in smoke pearl, pearl, mole and black, 8
1 with or without binding on the brim; the' hats are union H
g made and first class in very particular. See them in our l|
H windows. - Kj
I 7I8 Market Street. IMANILA, April 22.— A representative of
the Associated Press visited .Kmilio
Aguinaldo this afternoon at 56 Solano
street, where he was removed from the
Malacanan Palace, and found him in a
large room upstairs, furnished with a table
typewriting machine, four settees and
twenty chairs. His wife, who was enter
taining a number of Filipino women
friends, sat at one end of the room, while
Aguinaldo,- smoking a cigar and chatting
with Benlto Legardo, occupied the oppo
site corner.
- Others present were Lieutenant Colonel
John S. Mallory of the Forty-first Volun
teer Infantry, who has charge of Aguin
aldo; Lieutenant Gilbert A. Youngberg of
the Third Artillery and Mr. Fisher, Gen
eral MacArthur*s private secretary. !
¦Aguinaldo, whose bearing was courteous
and dignified, was dressed in white, looked
well and altogether made an excellent Im
pression. - Legardo, who but recently re
turned from the United States, talked of
the - trip, and Aguinaldo, who seemed
greatly interested, smiled and asked nu
merous questions. He inquired particu
larly as to what President McKinley said
and seemed anxious, to know -what ¦was
thought of him in the United States.
He was rather reluctant to talk for pub
lication and considered every question
particularly before answering. He said
he was doing- all he could to assist in the
pacification of the Filipinos and expressed
himself as surprised at what the Amer
icans had accomplished. When he was
first captured, he went on to say, he was
greatly astonished to find that a majority
of the Filipinos entertained the opinion
that American sovereignty was preferable
to independence, but now he was inclined
to believe that way ! himself.
NEW YORK, April 22.— President New
hall of the San Francisco Board of Po
lice' Commissioners visited police head
quarters to-day and went through all the
different departments. He called on Com
missioner Murphy and Deputy Commis
sioner Devery.
Inspects New York's Prison.
CINCINNATI. April 22.— The firemen in
all the breweries in Cincinnati, Covlngton
and Newport, Ky., struck to-day for eight
hours a day. They are at present work
ing ten hours. Nearly fifty men are di
rectly, affected and thousands indirectly.
It means a. three-cornered fight between
the International Brotherhood of Station
ary Firemen, the Brewery Proprietors
and tho United Brewery Workmen. The
latter organization will stand by the
brewery proprietors and it is said that
President Gompers of the American Fed
eration of Labor will be appealed to to
settle the difficulty.
fects a Great Number
of Men.
Strike Is On in Three Cities and Af-
FIBEMEN" IN BBEWEBIES *
WANT SHORTER HOURS
"Every word in my address to my coun
trymen, the Filipinos, came from my
heart. I hope the Americans believe me
thoroughly In my sincere efforts to secure
peace and under American auspice* to
promote the welfare and prospirity of the
After referring in grateful terms to the
courteous treatment accorded him by the
military authorities, he declared his con
vict!on that the civil government, which
would follow pacification, would realize
the highest hopes of the Filipino people.
When questioned regarding the hope
that he would. visit the United States, he
replied that he would like to do so, but
had made no plans yet, placing himself
entirely at the disposition of the United
States Government. In concluding the
Interview he observed:
Lusban. Malvar and other representative
insurgents will surrender as soon as they
come to understand the nature of the
amnesty offered them. He said he hoped
that when the work of pacification .was
complete and conditions were settled the
prisoners In Guam would be released.
Most Anxious to Know What President Mc-
Kinley Says and What Is Thought of Him
in! the United States— Sincere in Address
AGUINALDO GREATLY INTERESTED
IN THE WORK OF THE AMERICANS
SANTA CRUZ, April 22.— Dr. H. H.
Clark, a leading physician and ex-Mas'of
of Santa Cruz, was taken to San Fran
cisco this morning to enter Lane's Hospi
tal to undergo an operation, lie has been
a great sufferer the past few days from
bloodpoisonlng, which affected hie hands
and arms. It is believed to have been
caused by inoculation while performing
professional duties.
Victim of Blood-Poisoning.
SAN JOSE. April 22.-Mayor Martin to
day filed the following list of appoint
ments to the various city boards and
commissions with Citv Clerk Cook: Dr.
Irvin N. Frasse, member of Board of
Health, to succeed Dr. J. U. Hall: E T
Sterling, Park Commission; F. D. Hat
man, Park Commission; C. H. Shumate,
Board of Education, to succeed Timothy
O'Nell: A. S. Mackenzie, Police and Fire
Commission; Thomas J. Stone, Board of
Fre? Public Library Trustees. With the
exception of Dr. Frasse and C. H. Shum
ate the appointees all succeed themselves
and hold for four years from the first
Monday in July next.
San Jose Appointments.
The reservoir, which is about 100 by 50
feet and holds twenty feet of water, was
dragged with the result that the body of
A. J. McLaren, a drayman for the Stock
ton Milling Company, was brought to the
surface, together with an overturned
buggy and another buggy robe. It is be
lieved that McLaren was intoxicated and
drove into the water. He was about 43
years of age.
STOCKTON. April 22— When Engineer
Mj-ers started up the pump of the irriga
tion plant of the Stockton State Hospital
this morning ho found standing in four
feet of water in the reservoir a bay mare
Parts of a harness were still upon the
animal and a buggy seat and a robe were
found near the bank.
Hospital.
the Grounds of the State.
Stockton Drayman Meets Death on
DRIVES IN THE DARK •
, INTO A RESERVOIR
GRASS. VALLEY.: April 22.— The .em
ployes ofthe North Star Mines. Company
were ¦ treated to a sumptuous feast last
night by Foreman W. P. Martin to com
memorate the big strike In the Central
Shaft a few. weeks ago. .When the shaft
was started four. years ago the foreman
promised his men , a ' grand ; supper when
the* ledge' was struck. ". .
Gives Banquet to Miners.
SAN JOSE, April 22.— Forty carloads of
prunes were sold by the;Cured Fruit'At
sociation to-day, making 418 cars at the
2-cent basis. Under the resolution reduc
ing the price, it goes back to the 3-cent
basis at 6 o'clock on Wednesday evening
unless the bocrd of directors meet and
continue the 2-cent rate before that data.
No meeting of the board had been called
to-night and President Bend said that «*o
far as he was then advised the price
would go back , to 3 cents Wednesday
evening.
mitted to '-Return to 3-Cent
'¦'Jj ¦'"¦ Basis.
President Bond Says It Will Be Per-
OLD PRICE OF PRUNES
WILL AGAIN PREVAIL
The girl and one boy were 8 years of
age, the other boy was but 4. Constables
Agnew and. Hughes, with "many others
were still searching at a late hour.
SAN RAFAEL.. April 22.— Three little
children— Wendel' and Marshal McCamish
and Ethel Gardner— are missing from'
their homes in this city to-night and
posses are searching the country for
them: The children left their homes thi3
afternoon for a stroll. It Is reported that
three little ones answering their descrip
tion were seen at the narrow gauge de
pot at about 3 o'clock, but the officers
have so far failed to locate them. It is
believed that they have strayed into the
neighboring hills and are possibly lodged
in some ranch house. •
Futile.
THREE SAIN K AI\AEIi
, CHILDREN MISSING
Little Tots Go for a Stroll and |
Search for Them Proves j
Lays Track Across a Disputed Strip
•• -;. x; of Territory Near the Town
of Eureka.
EUREKA, April 22.— The California and
Northern Railway Company, now build
ing between Eureka and Crescent City,'
took the law into its own hands at mid
night on Saturday and began laying its
track across a strip of land over which
it has been unable to obtain a right of
way. This tract formed the only break in
the line from Bralnards Point to J street
in ¦ Eureka. When the track . was laid
over this disputed ground the construc
tion train moved along to the property
of the Eureka and Klnmath River Rail
road Company, through which it is sought
to condemn a right of way.
The crew began work at 32 o'clock Sat
urday night and worked steadily through
the night and all day .- yesterday. At 6:'J0
last evening 1700 feet of road had been
built. i
NORTHWESTERN RAILROAD
SEIZES RIGHT OP WAY
Stampedes.
SEATTLE, April 22.-From Valdes un
der date of April 6, comes reports that the
first party to reach that place this win
ter from the Yukon over the All-Ameri
can route arrived there on March 31. The
party consisted of S. James, Richard
Stewart, Paul Paulson and Carl Ramstad
They made the trip from Forty-Mile to
Valdes in sixteen days of actual travel
The trail was reported to have been In
good condition, with large numbers of
people passing. ,
On Forty-Mile great activity is report
ed and a recent strike made on the head
waters on Walker's Fork, a tributary of
the South Fork of Forty-Mile, caused a
stampede thither some time 'ago. Many
men are leaving the Yukon camps for the
Chestochlna, which seems to be a favor
ite place this season for mining opera
tions. Late reports from Prince Williams
Sound are very encouraging as to th»
mining outlook 1n that district.
There is considerable activity In the
Copper River Valley. Recent reports from
there say that representatives of the
great copper companies of the United
States, including one of Senator W A
Clark's men from Montana, are on' tfie
ground locating and bonding properties
A large number of horses and outfits are
being taken into the country.
Since the beginning of the town of
Valdes . only . five deaths have occurred
one of which was an accidental drowning.'
Men From the Yukon Goldfields Re
port New Strikes and
JOURNEY TO VALDES BY
AXL -AMERICAN ROUTE
The American forces had a hard time
compelling the Panay Island natives to
surrender, and finally orders camo to de
stroy everything. Keegan says a dog
could not have lived on the island after
our forces finished the work of desolation
\vhen the island had been made barren
the natives surrendered. Keegan believes
the United States will be compelled to
carry out the Spanish custom of garrison
lnr- the small towns?, owing to the treach
erous character of the natives.
The Twenty-sixth was stationed at
Iloilo, island of Panay, and it was here
that Maurice first saw bullets sped at
human targets. He Is the only Califor
nian in the regiment, most of the men in
the Twenty-sixth being of Massachusetts
blood. The regiment went out with 1300
men and came back 900 strong. Only six
were killed in battle, but nearly 400 re
turned sick and wounded. The men ex
pect to be discharged in a few weeks.
Young Keegan tells of a number of
skirmishes and battles in which his regi
ment was engaged. In one battle the
American forces numbered 4000, while the
insurgents were strongly entrenched near
Jaro with 8000 men. They would not aim,
but raised their rifles over the trenches
and fired, the result being that their bul
lets went wide. Every insurgent found
dead in the trenches was shot in the fore
head, which proved that they did not ex
pose much of themselves. When the
Americans charged, the natives ran for
the tall grass.
SANTA ROSA, April 22.-Not yet 19
years of age, Maurice Keegan, son of ex-
Councllman Thomas P. Keegan of this
city, has served two years In Uncle Sam's
army in the Philippines and is now home
on a furlough. Maurice Keegan was a
student in a San Francisco school about
four years ago, when he suddenly decided
he would go East. Without informing his
parents in this city of his intentions he
went to Boston. When next heard from
young Keegan had enlisted 'in the Twen
ty-sixth Regiment, United States Volun
teers, in Boston. That was in July, 1809,
and with his regiment he left immediate
ly for the Philippines.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Runaway Santa Rosa Lad
Back Prom Philippine
Battlefields.
PRODIGAL RETURNS
IN SOLDIER'S GARB
TUCSON. Ariz.. April 22.-One of the
most sensational incidents the lively camp
of Globe has witnessed for some time was
the rough handling which greeted Assem
blyman William H. Beard .of Pinal County
upon his first visit to that camp since his
return from the Legislature. Sheriff Tru
man has just received a letter from J J.
Frazer, in which the writer says the niin
er ?. of G lo °e rode Beard out of camp on a
rail, the event telng witnessed by a large
crowd.
Beard was a member of the last Legisla
ture and when the bill providing that
eight hours' work constitute a day's labor
in the mines of Arizona came up he voted
and worked to defeat it. There are several
strong miners' unions in Arizona and they
joined in heartily approving the measure
and using every effort to bring about its
n^i ear u to , Globe on mining business
and when the miners learned that he was
n camp they set about, to show their dis
"k 6 5°^« hIm - Fully 10 ° m'ners gathered
about him and hurled a variety of insult
ing remarks at him. sult
Finally a. rail was procured and Beard
was picked up end placed astride it With
boisterous jeers and wild cheers the min
ers carried the Assemblyman through the
long, narrow street of the camp to a point
a mile distant. There he was told to move
on and not return to the camp.
a m n nl ea fi de h °« f lndl S^ a «on was aroused
among the business men by the attack
upon the visiting legislator. clc :
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Mining Men of Globe Drive
Out Offending Arizona
. Law-Maker.
LEGISLATOR LEAVES
CAMP ASTRIDE RAIL
STOCKTON, April 22.— John H. Harper.
a.Ti aged ark man, vras found dead in his
ark to-day, sitting In a chair In front of
a table laden with food. It was evident
that he died of heart disease while eating
a meal.
Dies While Eating: & Meal.
LOS ANGELES, April 22.— Earl Robbins,
a stationary engineer, who came here re
cently from Chicago, has disappeared.
His father, who came with him from Chi
cago, obtained work recently In Ontario,
Cal.. and on April 13 sent word to young
Robbins to Join him, as there was work
for both. Young Robbins left his board
ing-house on receipt of his father's mes
sage, ostensibly to join him. He failed
to arrive In Ontario and his father,
growing alarmed, has notified the police.
The young man is said to be of excellent
habits and no reason is known for his dis
appearance. *
Engineer Disappears.
To-day a. daughter of the Insane man
irade a demand for a Jury trial, but as all
the requirements of the law were not met
the summons for a jury was not issued.
Thllo's daughter will in all probability
contest the appointment of Mrs. Thllo as
guardian of the estate.
SANTA ROSA. April 22.— Mrs. Anna
Thllo has made application to. the Su
perior Court of this county to be ap
pointed guardian of the estate of her hus
band. C. A. Thilo, who was recently sent
to the Napa Insane Asylum. Thilo, in
addition to owning a liquor establishment
on O'Karrell street in San Francisco, has
"GO acres of land near Cloverdale, ICO acres
in Madcra County and valuable property
in Lios Angeles and Oakland.
WIPE AND DAUGHTER
WANT THILO'S ESTATE
After a proper period of widowhood Mrs.
Hoover married again. Recently her first
husband returned from the Klondike, still
in thp flesh. She solved the dilemma by
obtaining a divorce from him on the
ground of desertion and remarrying Shaff
ner.
VANCOUVER, B. C, April 22.-The
ptrang-e adventures of Mr. and Mrs. Wil
liam Harrison Shaffner of Blaine, "Wash.,
culminated this morning at Westminster,
when the couple were remarried, and aft
or a fin-de-siecle Enoch Arden experience
they are now lepaJly husband and wife.
Mrs>. Shaffner's first husband was James
Hoover of Whateom. At the beginning of
the Klondike excitement he went to Daw
son. Time passed and no news was re
ceived from him. and finally his brother
reported that he had Joined in a stampede
and had succumbed to the rigors of the
northern winter.
Blsine Woman Gets Divorce From
One Husband and Will Live
With a Second.
BE31ARB.IA.GE ADJUSTS .
MATRIMONTAL MIX-UP
Mr. McKinlay's competitor for the posi
tion of second assistant was L. B. McKin
ley, son of Assistant Postmaster B. F. Mc-
Kinley, who Is an uncle of the President.
Mr. McKinlay was a competitor for the
position of First Assistant District Attor
ney and was backed by Senators Perkins
i and Bard, and L. B. McKinley was a can
didate for second assistant in case of .the
promotion of Second Assistant Banning.
When Mr. Banning's friends in Canton.
O., won the place for him the Senators
withdrew Mr. McKinlay's name as candi
date for first assistant, only on the under-
UNITED States District Attorney
Marshal B. Woodworth received
a telegram yesterday from
Washington reading as follows:
Appointment for Duncan E. McKinlay mailed
to-day. He may qualify.
P. C. KNOX, Attorney General.
standing that he would receive the ap
pointment as second assistant, and the
President's cousin was obliged to retire
from the field. Mr. McKinlay did good
work for the Republican party in the last
two Presidential campaigns and was a
Presidential elector four years ago.
Young McKinley is a prominent mem
ber of the League of the Cross in this
city ana recently won a gold medal In
an oratorical contest. He took the
medal with him to Washington when vis
iting his cousin,* the President, and the
latter was very much pleased with the
testimonial of his young kinsman's abil
ity. It is known that the President very
much desired and even requested the ap
pointment of his cousin, but Senators
Perkins and Bard would not recede from
their demand for the appointment of Mc-
Kinlay of Santa Rosa, and the President
having asked for the appointment of Mr.
Banning, was reluctantly obliged to with
draw the name of his young kinsman.
Superior Sunset companies over the own
ership of the land that caused the bloody
conflict of last Thursday night has been
amicably settled by representatives of the
companies, and in consequence the possi
bility of another clash between the Supe
rior Sunset forces and the Vigilantes is
now at an end. This afternoon a Superior
Sunset man, with full powers, approached
the Mount Diablo Company and made
overtures for peace and a settlement. The
proposition was promptly accepted by the
Mount Diablo people and word was at
once wired to McKittrick to send out a
courier to notify the officers of the Vigi
lantes that peafe had been proclaimed.
The Superior Sunset men soon afterward
started a fast rider to their laager in Mid
way with a similar inessase, but it was
so arrang-ed that he was to arrive there
after the Vigilantes had been informed of
the triumph of peace.
In brief, the Superior Sunset people ad
mitted that they were wrong in going
upon the land and asked that they be
leased eighty acres where their camp is
now located. They were given the lease
and will now. as soon as the instrument
is drawn, proceed to exploit the land in
peace.
It was agreed to dismiss the Injunction
proceedings instituted against the Mount
Diablo as soon as the lease was signed,
and as to the criminal prosecutions they,
of course, will be left to the authorities.
The trouble on section 25, the adjoining
land, has also been compromised in a sim
ilar way and all legal actions dismissed.
It is hrjped that these two settlements
•will end the Midway war. but there are
many who believe there is trouble yet to
come. Feeling against claim jumpers is
mounting to a high pressure and is cer
tain to bring on bloodshed should any fur
ther claim Jumping be attempted.
Walker and Cornell, the men wounded
In Thursday night's battle, are yet alive
and there is a possibility that they will
recover.
BAKERSFIELD. April 22.— The conten
tion between the Mount Diablo and the
Representatives of the Rival
Companies Reach a
Compromise. .
• ¦ *
Special Dlsnatch to The Call
Prevent Further Shed
ding of Blood in Mid
way District.
OIL MEN END
THEIR QUARREL
SACRAMENTO, April 22,-The arrival
of delegates to-day to the State Sunday
School Convention was conflned-to a few
persons having friends or relatives in this
city. The influx of visitors will not be
noticeable until to-morrow; and as,a con
sequence the labors of the reception com
mittee will not begin until the arrival of
the Folsom" and Placerville train at 9-33
in the morning. From that hour the
committee will be at .the railroad depot
to receive and welcome arrivals on each
incoming train, and its work will be ar
duous. There are fifty members of the
committee,, however, and the delegates
after their reception, will be turned over
to the conductor boys, who will escort
them to the lodgings prepared by the reg
istration committee. The reception com
mittee will wear white caps with a blue
band, bearing in gilt letters the word
"Reception." ,
At 2:55 p.m. the delegates from San
Jose, Stockton, Gait and the southern
counties will arrive, probably on a special
train, and it is expected that 500 or more
will be aboard. .
Every precaution for the comfort of the
visitors has been taken by the local com
mittees, and that all will be well cared
for Is certain.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Sunday School Convention
Delegates Arrive at Sac
ramento.
GATHERING TO PLOT
AGAINST WICKEDNESS
SEATTLE, April 22.— John Williams, an
Alaska pioneer of 1SS2 and one of the best
known prospectors and miners of the
northern country, arrived in Juneau on
April 15 to give himself up to the Federal
authorities, making the confession that at
Glacier Bay on April 2 he had shot and
killed an Indian named Dick Dunn, after
a desperate encounter. The Indian was
well known In Juneau, where he had
borne a fairly good reputation and was
noted for his physical strength. The cir
cumstances leading: up to the affray in
which he was killed indicate, that Dick
Dunn, became suddenly insane and pos
sessed of a homicidal mania.
"Williams hired Dunn at- Juneau last
month to accompany him on a prospect
ing trip to the Glacier Bay district. The
pair left Juneau in a rowboat. A small
sail was hoisted, with the Indian steering
and "Williams seated in the bow of the
boat. When they had nearly reached their
destination Williams, whose back was to
ward the Indian, was startled by the re
port of a rifle and the whiz of a bullet
past his head. Turning In surprise he
Inquired of Dunn why he had shot, and
the Indian, pointing over the bow, said
he had seen a seal ahead and had taken
a shot at it. At the tinte Williams
thought nothinc of the occurrence.
Indian Sharpens His Knife.
They made camp on "the shore of Gla
cier Bay. In tha evening the Indian pre
ceded Williams in the tent and when "Wil
liams attempted to enter he was again
startled by seeing the rifle In the hands
of Dunn, pointed directly at him. Wil
liams save a well and started back from
the entrance, but the Indian again made
a ready excuse, saying he believed it was
some one else coming in.
The night passed without mishap and
during the next day the Indian sharpened
his knife, with the remark that It was not
sharp enough to cut .Williams' neck. This,
with other remarks, caused Williams some
uneasiness, and he could not sleep on re
tiring. After lying awake some time he
heard the click of the Indian's double
barreled shotgun. As he arose to a sit
ting position and inquired what was the
matter the Indian covered him and de
manded his rifle, saying that it was Wil
liams he was afraid of. ; '.
Realizing the meaninsr of the past ac
tions of the Indian, Williams swung his
rifle around and flred. The report of the
Indians' weapon and his own sounded at
the same time. Before he could rise the
Indian leaped upon him with knife in
hand.
Bullet Ends the Combat.
Williams, .who -is a smaller man. was
completely smothered by the heavy In
dian. For a time he was nearly helpless
and he no doubt would have had little
chance for his life had not his revolver
come to hand by the overturning of his
bedclothes. Calling vainly to the Indian
to desist and seeing no way to overcome
the maniac, he placed the revolver to
Dunn's breast and killed him. •
Early in the morning after the affray
Williams started on the return trip to Ju
neau.. He experienced considerable diffi
culty in managing the heavy boat against
head winds and among the strong cur
rents, and it was eleven days before he
reached his destination. He immediately
gave himself to the authorities and told
the details of the killing. It was not be
lieved in Juneau at the time the steam
ship Victorian.- which arrived here on
Sunday, left that port that any further
investigation would be made into the mat
ter.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Alaskan Pioneer and His
Guide in a Duel to
the Death.
Crazed Redskin Attacks John
Williams in His Tent and
Is Slain.
BATTLES WITH
INDIAN MANIAC
Appointment of D. E. McKinlay, Opposed
by L. B. McKinley for Position of Second
Assistant District Attorney, Is on Way
PRESIDENT'S COUSIN IS BEATEN
IN CONTEST FOR PUBLIC PLACE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, APRIL 23, 1901.
LAWYER WHO HAS WON THE APPOINTMENT OF SECOND ASSIST
ANT TO UNITED STATES DISTRICT ATTORNEY WOODWORTH,
THOUGH HAVING PRESIDENT'S RELATIVE AS HIS OPPONENT.
The smallpox epidemic bids fair to be
come general among the Indians of
Southeastern Alaska. According to re
ports from the north by the steamship
Cottage City, arriving to-day, there are
eighty cases in the Sitka Indian village,
and as the Indians are stampeding in all
directions -in canoes, it is feared they will
carry the disease to other villages. Sltkn.
has been placed under quarantine and
guards have been placed at all places of
entrance and exit. While the Cottage
City was at Sitka her passengers were
.not allowed to land.
PORT TOWNSENI>. Wash.. April 22 —
RAVAGES OP SMALLPOX
AMONG SITKA INDIANS
To a committee of depositors of the
wrecked bank who yesterday called upon
Hon. Levy Ankeny.the well-known banker
of Walla Walla, to Interest him in taking
hold of its affairs, he gave encouragement
to the extent that he promised to make
an investigation and if the bank's affairs
were found to be in such shape that any
thing could be done, to comply with the
committee's request.
VANCOUVER. "Wash.. April 22. -There
were no new developments to-day con
cerning the First National Bank failure
and its sensational sequel, the double sui
cide of the self-incrlmlnated president ami
cashier. Bank Examiner J. W. Maxwell,
now In possession of the bank ns tem
porary receiver, still says he is unpre
pared to give out a statement of the af
fairs of the bank. The bodies of the
president and cashier were prepared for
burial at the morgue and were removed
last night to their respective homes.
The scenes of grief and the utter pros
tration of the wives and families ox the
dead bank officials at their homes is piti
ful In the extreme. A. W. Brown, the
dead president's aged father, was reported
in a dying condition as a result of the af
fair.
Aged Father of Late Presi
dent Brown in a Dying
Condition.
Relatives of Dead Van
couver Bankers Are
Prostrated.
SORROW HOLDS
SUICIDES' HOMES
He explained that In the dissolution of
the insurgent forces and the declaration
of guerrilla warfare the chiefs had ope
rated to all Intents and purposes independ
ently. They recognized him as com
mander-in-chief. sending him reports oc
casionally, and he issued some orders, but
for the last seven months communication
had been difficult and he had been almost
disconnected.
"I am now urging in the strongest pos
sible manner.", said Aguinaldo, "that all
insurgents should surrender and swear
allegiance to the United States."
. He expressed the opinion that Tinio,
Disconnected From Insurgents.
3
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Nothing tastes good. Nothing gives
pleasure. The mind is dull and slug-
gish. The will is weak. Little things
cause frreat irritation. What's the mat-
ter? Th.e probabilities are that Uie
Etoniach is deranged and the liver in-
volved.
Dr. Pierce's Golden Medical Discovery
makes a man who is run down and dis-
pirited feel like a new being. It cures
diseases of the stomach and other or-
jraus of digestion and nutrition, stirs the
sluggish livtr into action, and increases
the activit y of the blood-making glands,
so that there is an abundant supply of
pure, rich blood.
Mr. I".divarcl Jaccbs. of Marengo, Crawford
Co.. Indiana, \nites : "After three years of suf-
Jerinn with liver trouble and malaria I cave up
c.l hopes cf ever grcttins: stout again, the last
chance was to try your medicine. I had tried
ul the how doctors and received but little
rylUet AUcr taidax three bottles of Dr. Pierce's
Gaidaa Media] Ihscovery and one vial of his
rieasant Pellets' I M stout and he*rtv. It is
<lue entirely to your wonderful medicines."
Dr. Picrcc's Common Sense „ Medical
A<lvis?r, containing 100S large pages, in
paper covers, is sent free on receipt of
:i one-cent stamps to pay expense of
m^hng only. Address Dr. R. V. Pierce,
Bi^Talo. N. V.
I miWnUi^K^^ Occasionally we are asked by some
/llJiiil^iiiB customer, "As your clothing is made -by
fi fiBli iliiilM you have pa x union men more than
\ Iffi^ ' But Our anS * Wer is ' " T ° be SUre ' Uni0n
il Xl^lt!^^ men do demand higher wages, because
¦ amIS!™ ¦ they are more skillful - but we make al1
y(i$H!Si!™ Ollr ready-to-wear clothing oiirse]ve> and
/ll™liil iillll 1 1'w sel1 direct to the cu5tomer at on[ y one fair !
HlWni 1 IiSSIb middleman is enough to pay the difference
iiill) Sfflw will 11 Slflf * n wa 5 es between union men and poor j
Sill Sli 111 ill! * ' Ja b° r - And, furthermore, we manufacture
11B Hi I If HSl * n kig quantities— -for our San Francisco i
iilirSf * 1 llfS s * ore> * or our evv on1< store and or our I
HI III if II Si If bl *S wholesale establishment in New York. ;
llilSlf it III We get cloth direct from the mills in large !
SiiiHlf III IS quantities, and thus save considerable over
Ilillfl I I fill ie sma^- r dealer or any firm that does
' I lilf if 111 manufacture their own clothing. You get j
Ittif I |{ nj tns benefit of all this in our low prices." j
lillffl . Ill) )$! If you want a well- made, union-made
! For a limited time we are selling some sailor suits at smaller L^*^ .
prices than they are actually worth. We are doing it to create a
little more than usual stir in our children's, ¦ boys' and youths'
i The sailor suits are for boys from 3 to 9 years of age; they ;
come in three materials; cheviots in brown, Venetian blue, navy i^M0^^^M^^^-% \
blue and red, with embroidered designs on collar and shield; serges \
in Venetian blue, navy blue and red* with braid trimmings and ties;
cassimeres in small checks; the pants with every suit are lined •
throughout and strongly sewed; the suits will be sold for ;', V^^^^^^^^
. Two-piece suits for boys from 9 to 15 years are also partial- k-Pn wwll ' '
laxly good values; the material is a Scotch tweed of heavy weight ;;;'¦: r , tgfjy XpBjjjjr \
Madras golf shirts, sizes from 12 up '.\ .-.;.. rv.~. ....... .50c >^p
Boys' straw hats in all stvles and- colors" . . . . .'. .C ; . . .. J: .25c up 4§ar
See •our > windows tt A" ' k -^ ¦_ > Cut-of-town o:»« ¦•
,oup prices. ¦* v * '. ' *>¦/ in^s op hats. ll
718 Market Street.
***' "-"" - - - .. - ... ',~,_'wH
\ -rf^^?*^^it^ \ "*"^*"^^r*NOTJROUI/AH SCORES AN
EASY VICTORY ON MAT
ST. LOUIS, April 22.— Nouroulah, the gi-
gantlc Bulgarian, gained an easy victory
over Charles Wittmer, the Cincinnati
heavyweight wrestler, at the Exposition
Coliseum to-night, winning two straight
falls in exactly five minutes. The match
was catch-as-catch-can, best two in three
falls, all holds to go. The European's im
mense bulk and science were altogether
too much for the Cincinnatian to, combat
successfully. In the first bout Nouroulah
back-heeled Wittmar and fell upon him
with his whole weight. He secured a
crotch hold, which he switched to a half
hitch and after a short stuggle pinned
both of Wlttmar's shoulders to the mat.
Time, 2:00.
Coming on for the second fall, Wittmer
secured a strangle hold, which the Bul
garian easily broke and then threw 'Witt
mer to 'the mat. ¦ The Cincinnatian strug
gled out of half a dozen holds, but Nour
oulah finally encompassed him in a half-
Nelson and half-hammer, which gave him
the victory. Time, 3:00. Nouroulah tipped
the beam at 354 and Wittmer at 215 pounds.
swing to the stomach. After several exchanges
in the center of the ring McGovern sent a hard
left to the jaw that sent Gardner's head back
with a snap. Both landed lefts to the face at
the gong. . • ,'.-'. .
Terry cut the pace In the second and nailed
both hands to the body. In a rally both reached
the head with rights. Terry worked, his man
over to a-corner and put half a dozen swings
to stomach and jaw. With a hard right. he
sent Oscar down. Terry then cut his eye open
with a left swing and sent him down twice
more with right-hand punches. Two more
rights made Oscar go to the floor again and
he almost fell out of the ring, going partly
through the ropes. McGovern would not be
denied and landed a terrific right, swing fairly
to the chin, sending . the Omaha man down
a sain. Oscar was weak and tired when he re
gained his feet and was almost done for. The
bell saved . him. Gardner was put down five
times in that round.
Terry started with a rush In the third and
feinted- with his right and then snapped left
and right to the chin quickly. Oscar gave him
another opening on the next feint and McGov
ern started a left low and swung- it fiercely to
the jaw. Gardner sank to the . canvas on his
back and lay there immovable. The referee
stood over him and tolled off the fateful ten
and it was all over. Time of round nineteen
seconds. Oscar's seconds carried him to his
corner, where he recovered after a short while.
Rush, for Seats.
. The sale of seats for the fight opened
yesterday and the rush gives ample proof
that Mechanics' Pavilion will be crowded
to the doors» on the night of the great
featherweight battle. Orlando Stevens,
the champion cyclist, called' on. Manager
Kennedy of the Twentieth Century Club
yesterday and reported that a large crowd
of Garden City sports would attend the
fight. The railroad company notified
Stevens that if he would guarantee sixty
fares they would furnish a special train
to take the fiEht-goers home after the
battle.
McGOVERN has changed his
training quarters. The little
whirlwind and his retinue of
trainers moved from the Casino
yesterday to the Terminal Ho
tel, corner Haight and Stanyan streets,
and now all those wishing to see the
champion in action will either have to
come prepared with "credentials or wait
until the night of his battle with Gardner.
Manager Harris has found that this "rule
must be made as the curious have come
in such numbers that McGovern and his
assistants have been practically crowded
out of their, gymnasium.
The new training quarters are perfectly
satisfactory to McGovern. The spacious
gymnasium, the business-like punching
bag platforms and muscle-making appar
atus pleased him greatly. He jolted the
bag a few times, tried the wrist machine
and smiled blandly. . . -. •
Dnkelpw Takes a Rest.
McGovern worked hard yesterday after
noon. He sparred with Dougherty and a
youth named Healy, punched the bag and
side-stepped around the room more than
an hour. Dukelow, the amateur welter
weight, was given a rest for the nonce
but McGovern warned him that he -would
warm him up te-day. Dukelow smiled
grimly and remarked that he was glad
to report that he had not lost one of his
gold teeth up to this time, but added that
he would not crow unil he was out of the
woods. ~v .- .
Sam Harris, manager of McGovern and
Dougherty, denied the statement that
Dougherty was down too fine. He says
that Danny has not started to train and
that he is heavier now than ever before in
his lifetime. Harris said that Dougherty
always looked drawn about the face, but
this 'was no indication that he was over
trained. He remarked that Dougherty
¦would enter the ring weighing 108 pounds
and in shape to give "Kid" McFadden the
hottest battle he ever had In his life.
Oscar Gardner is working like a Trojan
at Croll's Gardens, Alameda. He ex
presses great confidence in his ability to
defeat McGovern and says he will enter
the ring trained to the hour. He has wait
ed for this chance to retrieve his defeat
at the hands of McGovern and he vows
that he will make the most of it.
An account of McGovern and Gard
ner's first battle is interesting at this
time. Just a year ago they .battled before
the Broadway Athletic Club of New
York. Following is an excerpt from a de
scription of the contest by an Eastern
writer:
' Their First Fight.
The first round . opened with a session of
sparring and Terry reached the jaw with his
left straight. In a fierce rally both landed lefts
and rights. Oscar then knocked Terry down
with a left hook on the jaw. Terry was puzzled
when he regained his feet and kept at long
range, blocking Gardner's swings. . When he
had recovered from the punch he started to
cut the pace again, showing wonderful recu
perative powers. They slugged for a full half
minute, both getting to head and jaw with
rights and lefts. In a rally near the ropes
Terry sent Oscar to the boards with a left
VIENNA; April 22.— It is . reported, here
that the Turks have suffered defeat, at
the hands of the Arab rebels in Yemen.
Arab Rebels Defeat Turks.
Coal Discovered" in Iceland.
COPENHAGEN,. April Ct.-lt Is report
ed that great coal deposits have- been
discovered near the Nowd Fjord, on the
north' coast of Iceland.
Are You a Buffalo?
Tou cannot go to the Pan-American Exposi
tion at Buffalo for "eleven cents," but the
comfortable trains of the Xickel Plate Road,
"The Buffalo Short Line," which leave Chi
cago at convenient hours for all Coast- con-'
nections, carrying unexcelled' Xickel Plate
Dining Cars, in which • American Club meals
are served at prices varying from 35 cents to
$1.00, will satisfy the most fastidious. Book
free showing Pan-American Exposition Views
JAY W. ADAMS. P. C. P. A.. 37 Crocker
building. San Francisco, Cal#
FAST FIGHT AND A DRAW.
Quit Even, at Mem
phis.
Bsnny Yanger and Johnnie Ritchey
MEMPHIS, Tenn., . April ' ' 22.— Benny
Yanger, the "Tipton Slasher," of Chicago,
and Johnnie Ritchey of St. Louis, fought
twenty fast rounds to. a. draw, at the
Phcenix Athletic Club to-night. The fight,
it was announced, was for. the 122-pound
championship of the. world. In the second
round Ritchey had considerably the bet
ter of the in-fighting, but the round ended
with honors even. The third round ended
.slightly in favor of Ritchey, but the gorg
found him on the ropes' from a left to the
jaw. In the fifth Yanger rushed himself
to the floor and Ritchey planted a strong
left to his jaw when he came up. In the
eighth Ritchey floored Yanger with a ter
rible left jolt to the jaw, but the Chica
goan was up immediately, and rushed
Kitcney, who fell to his knees. Both were
on the ropes when the gong- rang-
Ritchey opened the twelfth with a rush,
but v.as fought to the ropes by Yanger.
1 anger put .Ritchey down with straight
lefts to the face and stomach. Ritchey
was slightly groggy and the round was
all in Yanger's favor. Both men slipped
to the floor in rushes during the four
teenth round, but neither was hurt. After
the .sixteenth round both men were bleed
ing. The seventeenth, eighteenth, nine
teenth and twentieth rounds were evenly
contested and the referee aeclared the
fi£ht a draw. t . .
Walkers to Contest.
COLUMBUS, Ohio, April 22.— P. M.
Gardner made arrangements to-day with
Frank Hart /of Buffalo, Georgre Tracy of
New York, W. A, Hoaglan of New York,
James Graham, C. F. Morse, H. O. Mes
sier and ¦ Cowboy jSmith, professional
walkers, to enter a contest at Indianapolis
for a six-dav heel and toe contest for the
championship of the world. The match
will begin May 5.
BURNS IS ANXIOUS TO
FIGHT TERRY McGOVERN
NEW YORK, April 2.— Johnny Burns of
this city, who fought a 25-round draw with
Tim Cailahan of Philadelphia, is anxious
to take the latter's place in a bout with
Terry McGovern, the champion feather
weight, at 122 : or 126 pounds. Burns will
post a forfeit of $1000 in case McGovern's
manager will agree to a match.
1 m
Results at Aqueduct.
NEW YORK, April 22.— Racing at Aque
duct to-day resulted as follows:
Five furlongs — The Hoyden won. Postillion
second, Shannon-on-Field third. Time, 1:03 3-5.
Five and a half furlongs — Mercer won. Shore
ham second, Ventoro third. Time, 1:10 1-5.
. About seven furlongs, selling— Manitoban
won Tyrshena second. The Rogue third. Time,
1:29. . ¦ . . .
Six furlongs — King Bramble won, Robert
Waddell second, Speedmas third. • Time, 1:16.
About seven . furlongs, selling— The Golden
Prince won, Balloon second; Punctual third.
Time, 1:30. V -
Five furlongs — Neither . One won. Juvenile
second. Miracle II third. -, Time, 1:04 3-5. ..
Racing at Newport.
CINCINNATI, April 22.— Summaries at
Newport: ¦ ' • - -
Five and a half furlongs, selling— Eva Wilson
won Abe Furst second, . Easter third. ' Time,
1-13 ¦ • ' ' '"¦ r -~
Five and a half furlongs— Corialis ! won,
Juniper second, Chemisette third. . Time,
1:12%. .
Seven furlongs— J. H. Sloan won, ' Donna
Seay second. J J T third. Time, l:35Vi
¦ Seven furlongs, selling— Stiles ' won. Fairy
Dell second. Brother Fred third. Time, 1:36.'.
Six furlongs — Anxious won, Ruth "Parks
second Sweet Dream third. Time/1:22. . '¦
One mile, selling— Fous won, Little Tommy
Tucker second, Prince of Song third. Time|
l:B2^-. . ¦• »- - "j ¦ "U i>
Racing at Lakeside. ,
CHICAGO, April 22.— Lakeside sum
mary: ¦. . :¦ '
Five furlongs — Stuart Young won, Amole
second, J. A. Clarke third. Time 1:06 4-5.
One mile and three-sixteenths— Charley
Moore won, Valdcz second, - Cluster third.
Time 2:07 2-5.
Five arid a half furlongs — Irish Jew -won,
Emma R second, Prairie Dog third. Time,
Half' rnlle— Gracchi won, Countess Tekla
second, Arlean third. Time, :53.
One milo and twenty yards— Refugee won,
Krewer second. Ice third. Time, 1:48 3-5.
One mile and twenty yards, selling— Odnor
won Martha Fox second, Domadge * third.
Time, 1-.4S 4-3.
Tennessee Races.
NASHVILLE, Tenn., April ' 22.—Sum
mary: * . .*
Six furlongs — Kindred won, Fridolln second,
Better Spur third. Time, 1:15V4- ' ¦ '
Half mile — Kaloma won. Sister Sara second,
Winter Bell third. Time. :50%.-
Seven furlongs — Clarence B won, Virgie d'Or
second, Nannie Nolan third. Time, 1:30. :
One mile, • Turf | Congress special— Terminus
worl. ' Sllverdale second, • Lady . Strathmore
third. Time. 1:42.
Nine-sixteenths of . a mile — Baccie -won, Ma
rie Belle second, Queen Burlington third
Time,- :58%. . . • - •
Seven furlongs— Talala won. Bequeath sec
ond Lady of the West third. Time, 1:31V-.
Protest of Russian , Students.
LONDON; April 22.— "The "students met
in the university Sunday," says the ' St.
Petersburg correspondent of • the ¦ Daily
Telegraph, "to • protest against a sen
tence passed by court-martial upon a
student recently drafted into J the army,
whd, durins an altercation, struck an
officer.'" - •¦ :.
ATIETLETES WILL WRESTLE
BETORE THE FAIR SEX
Olympic Club Tournament Promises
' to Be an Exciting and Inter
esting One.
¦ All' is 1n readiness for the wrestling
tournament which is to be held In ' the
gymnasium of the Olympic Club to-mor
row night in honor of the fair sex. The
athletes who' are entered are trained to
the hour and eager for the signal to dis
play their prowess on the mat. John A.
Hammersmith, the leader of the club,
under whose direction the contests will
be held, guarantees that the evenings
entertainment will surpass any ever giv
en for the edification of the ladies.
Credit is due George S. Miehling, wrest
ling instructor of the club, for the splen
did development of the contestants in this
great sport. For the past year he has
labored on the mat with the young ath
letes and taught them all the tricks of
the game. The members who are to take
part in the tournament have attained
high development in wrestling. They are
to wrestle six-minute bouts, and as vic
tory will depend on speed and skill the
spectators will have an opportunity of
seeing some fast and clever work.
George W. Braun is looked upon as a
sure winner in. the 135-pound class. Ex
perts say he is the best wrestler at his
weight ever developed in the Olympic
Club. W. R. McCullough has improved
greatly since the last tournament and is
certain to give the heavyweights a hard
tussle. Never before has there been so
many Heavyweight wrestlers in an Olym
pic Club tournament. There are three
who weigh more than 200 pounds each. H.
M. Plfltt of the I^eliance AtWetic Club and
J. C. Hahn of the Multnomah Club are
said to be . skilled men on the mat. Fol
lowing is a list of entries: • • - . -
105-pound class— Xi. Gruman; "VT. M. Hoag, C.
S... Bowers, Olympic Club; Watson- Armacost,
unattached. , .... ... i.,. .. .
115-pound" class— W. H. Smith Jr., W. T«.
Hoag Olympic Club: W. Armacost,: unat
tached; R." E. Cole, Reliance Club,
125-pound class— J. F. Russell, . W. -H. Smith
Jr. John A. Glndorf, Olympic Club;.J. C.
Hahn, Multnomah Athletic Club; H. M. Platt,
Reliance Athletic Club. - ¦
135-ppund class— George W. .Braun, C. . D.
Pentany,- A. E. Lou, Olympic Club; Charles
Mery, Young. Men's Christian Association; H.
M. Platt, Reliance Club.
. 145-pound class— Charles Jenkins, George W.
Braun, - R. B. Cornell. M. Milward, Olympic
Club; R.- S. Nixson, iiouls Haselbacher, Re
liance'Athletic Club. ¦> ¦ ¦•-
158-pound class— R. B. Cornell, Charles Jen
kins and M. Milward, Olympic Club.
Heavy-weights— W.R. McCullough 170, Olym
pic Club/; George Hildebrand 185.. San Fran
cisco Turn Vereln; R. Glienke 200, . unattached ;
Chris Pierson 215. Reliance; William S. Mac-
Phie, 235. ...
Many contestants who have been in ac
tive training: will enter their names to
day.- - • -
TAOTOEAN PAEK-Monday, April 22,
" '1901.— "Weather fine. Track fast.
2332. FIRST RACE— Five furlongs; selling;
three-year-olds; purse, $350.
Index. Horse, Wt, Jockey. St. %. %. Fin.
206S Bill Young, 119... Turner 2 2 h 2 2 1 h
23C5 Cambaceres. 122.Materne 9 8 1 8 1 2 %
2248 Eidred, 117.. Conley 6 13 12 3 li
2129 El Karn, 119. ..Dominick 3 4h 4 2 4 1
2265 Luca. 117 ...Gisborn 8 6 h 5 n 5 3
2236 Howden, 119..Burlingame 7 5 2 6 2 6 14
2SC7 Illusion. 117 Tullett 1 JO J /i 72 73
2274 Commuter, 122.. J. FlynnlO 11 5 10 h . 8 1
22G0 Berendos, J22..W. Flynn- 5 7 2 9 2 9 H
2266 Car. Lucas, ll'.Fauntly 4 3 3 3 % 10 2
2307 Piratta 122 Bozemanl2 12 12 11 2
2092 Cavanaugh, 119...Farrellll 9 1 11 h .12
Time— %, :24; %, :4SVi; %. l:02V4. Good start
Wen first three driving. Winner, J. J. Sherry's
b. g. by Rear Guard-Blue Bonnet. Cambaceres
much the best, but had to squeeze through on
the rail..- Eidred a quitter. El Karn waterlog
ged. J-uea closed well. Others no account.
Betting— Bill Young-, 5-2; Cambaceres, 20;
Eidred, 8; El Karn, 9-5; Luca, 8; Rowden,"150;
Illusion, 40; Commuter, 100; Berendos, 6; Car
rie Lucas, CO; Piratta. 150; Cavanaugh, 150.
2333, SECOKD RACE— Four furlongs; -sell
ing-; two-year-olds; purse, $350.
Index, -Horse, Wt. Jockey. St %. Etr. Fin.
2273 The Giver, 118. ...Turner 4 3 h 3 1 lh
2309 lnnocencia, -115. Dominick 3 • 1 HI %-23
2825 Murcia, 115 Hafley. 7 2 2 2h .3 2
2279 Kscalante, 118. Alexander 8 7 5 5 2 4 2
23C3 Monastic, 115 Ruiz 1 6 2 6 2 5 1
2267 Snowberry, 115. W. Flynn 5 4 h 4^64
2243 Hon. P. Sterl'g, H8.Rnch 2 5 % 7 % 7 2
2317 Tibs, 115....'. Russell 6 8 fe 8 6 8 8
2317 Highwayman, llg.Matrn 9 9 2 9 2 9 3
22PS Torila, 115 FarrelllO 10 10 10
Time— U, :24; Vi, :4S%. Good start. Won first
three driving. Winner, C. T. Boots' br. c. by
Tiger-Miss Gift. The Giver left an earlier call
with the hotel clerk. Murcia could have won
with Uominick up. Escalante can do better.
Snowberry melted away. Ruiz, who rode
Monastic, is out of form. Scratched— B. C.
Greene 118, Vasallo 115.
Betting— The Giver, 4: lnnocencia, 7-10; Mur
cia. S; Escalante, 5; Monastic. 20; Snowberry,
30: Hen. P. Sterling, 60; Tibs, 75; Highwayman,
100; Torila, J50. - >
2334. THIRD RACE— Seven furlongs; selling;
four-year-olds and up; purse, $350.
Index Horse, Wt. Jockey. St. Vi. Str. Fin.
2326 Farader, 6. 115...... Ruiz 4 3 3 2% 13
22S6 Midian, 6, 121 Hafley 1 lh lh 21
2019 Rainier, 5,-121.. Alexandr 3 4 1 3h 3 2
2325 Kstro. 6, 121 Bennett 2 5h 6 2 4n
(2310)S. Howard, 4, 118.Turnr 5 2 2 4 % 5 4
1992 Sylvan Lass, 5. 119. Prior 8 7 1 6 2 6 3
3701 Simon D, a, 121.Armstrg 6 6 2 7 2 7 4
273 Guilder, 6, 121.... Bergen 7 8 1 8 2.84
2305 Sw. Voice 4,-106.Martin 9 9 h - 9 4 9 5
2310 Dunboy, a, 121.HennessylO 10 4 10 4 10 1
2307 May Boy, 6, 121...Toungll 11 11 11.-
Time— U, :24U; r .i. :30%; %, l:03«4; Ti, 1:30.
Good start. Won easily. Second and third
driving. Winner, Atkln & Lottridge's b. g.
by imp. Prestonpans-Hidalga. Parader did
better. Rainier is good now. Estro did fairly
well with the weight. Simon D badly ridden.
Guilder badly bothered. ¦ Dunboy very lame.
Scratched— Senator Matts 111.
Betting— Parader, 2; Midian, 3; Rainier, 12;
Estro, 10; Sam Howard, 6; Sylvan Lass, 100;
Simon D. 40; Guilder. 8; Sweet Voice, 60; Dun
boy, 40; May Boy, SO.
2.335. FOURTH RACE— Six furlongs; Belling;
four-year-olds and upward; purse, $400.
Index.- Horse. Wt. Jockey. St. %. Str. Fin.
2302 Jennie, 5, 105. ..Dominick 1 .1 n 13 X'Vi
- 2271 Doublet, 4, 108.. .Russell 2 . 3 2 3 4 2 5
(2304) Hermoso, 6, 120.. Turner 3 2 h 2H53n
2296 Rinaldo. 6, 107 Hoar 4 4 1 5 2 4%
2304 Clarando, 6, 105..Ransch 6 6 4n. 5%
2263 Meehanus, 5, 120. ...Ruiz 5 5% 6 6
Time— Vs., :24; ' %. :4S: %, 1:14. Good start.
Won first three driving. Winner, B. Schrei
ber" s ch. m. by Hlmyar-Lancet. - Jennie well
ridden. Doublet- could have scored with Dom
inick up. Hermoso not- 'overburdened with
speed. Rinaldo ran out. carrying Meehanus
with him.
'Betting— Jennie, 30; Doublet, 20; . Hermoso,
9-10; Rinaldo, 100; Claran<}o, 40; Meehanus 7-5;
23SG. FIFTH RACE— One mile, and a six
teenth; selling-; four-year-olds- and upward;
purse, $400. . . ... - . ... ¦ \- . ;;
Index. Horse, Wt, Jockey. St. '.%. Str. Fin.
. 1041 Gotobed, 6, 107... Conley 4 4n 2 hi In
164G Malay, 5, 110.. Dominick 3 lh In 2n
22SS Dr. Bernays, 6. HO.Ben't 2.54 6 10 -3 1
2321 Einstein. 6, 106..BassngT 1 3 2- 4 H 4 hi
2299 Prejudice, 4, 108..Ransch 5 2 2\i 3 % 5 20
2201 Hohenlohe. 6, 113.. Butler 6' 6 6 6
Time— 1-1J3 :07; -Vu :26; %, :50; %, 1:16; .mile,'
1:42*4; 1 l-16m, 1:49%. - Good start. Won first
three drivings Winner, J. F. Fogg's. b. h. by
imp. St. Andrew-Termagent. Prejudice helped
kill Malay, and Gotobed. won. hands down at
the close. Dr. Bernays did well under ordinary
handling. • Prejudice j cut off at end or Bhe
might have been third. "
Betting— <Jotobed. 4; Malay, 5-2: Dr. Bernays,
4; -Einstein, 12; -Prejudice, >5-2;: Hohenlohe, 40.
2337. SIXTH RACE— Five furlongs; 'selling;
three-year-olds; purse, $350. . •.
Index. Horse, "Wt, Jockey. St. %. Str. Fin.
2232 Quibo, 1221. ...Bansch 1 7 3 3 1 1 %
(22C6)Aphrodl8. 117 Ruiz 4 3 1 2h 2%
(224S) Companion, 117...Domnk 5 In 1^32
2295 Trlstrain. 122 Ho well 2 2 % 4 3 4 6
22S0 G. Brown. 119.... Snider 6 6 1 • 5 h 5h«
(2276)Cath. Bravo, 117 Enos 3 4 h 6 3 6 5
224$ Chaste 117.... ¦ Gtsborn 8 5 h 7 4 7 5
2252 Roundhead, 117...Tullett 7' 8 ; 8 8
Time, M, :12%; %. :23%; %. :4S»i; %, 1:01%.
Good start. Won handily. Second and third
driving. Winner, Camithers & Shields' ch. c.
by Rlley-Ajgnetta. Quibo came from the rear,
proving to be much the best. Companion quit.
Catherine Bravo poorly ridden. So was Chaste.
Scratched— Merida 117, Count Hubert 119, Scotch
Belle 117/ Cerro Santa 119.
Betting— Quibo. 5; Aphrodis, 15; Companion,
fi-5; Trlstrain. 8; Gaylon Brown. 15; Catherine
Bravo, 12; Chaste, 7;' Roundhead, 60.
BY Fl-E. MUXHOIXAND.
NOT so many days, ago Barney
Schreiber purchased the Himyar
mare Jennie for $400, Intending to
install her in the harem at
"Woodlands Farm, Missouri. Pos
sibly thinking she might earn railroad
fare. Trainer Felix Carr dropped her in
-Ihe six furlongr sprint, fourth on the card
&t Tanforan yesterday, for which Her
¦Inoso reigned a 9 to 10 chance. Meehanus,
It was figured, might slip in first, but
,against Jennie, even with Dominick in
.the saddle, 30 to 1 went begging. Ever
;©n the alert at the barrier, Dominick got
; Kls mount away in the lead, and with
'Hermoso not diseased with speed, showed
the way throughout, winning by half a
length from Doublet, a 20 to 1 shot. Her
moso ran third. Billy Cahill iried a new
*f angled boot on Rinaldo, but the bla-zed
tared horse didn't relish it, endeavoring
To carry both boot and boy over the out
>ide fence, and ruining all chances Mee
¦fianus may have had as well.
; This was only one of the mishaps favor
ites met with. lnnocencia, , El Karn,
Malay and Companion fell in for exten
sive backing and all pulled up very dusty
looking without the purse. Nash Turner
was the only rider to pilot two winners.
¦Dominick having an off day.
¦'¦"Naturally -enough El Karn, the mount
of Dominick, was installed favorite for
the five furlong scramble that opened the
, lacing. Uf the gelding had any speed it
was left in the stable. Eidred, ridden by
Conley, led into the stretch, when Nash
Turner, on Bill Young, a warm tip, as
sumed the front position, beating out
Cambaceres a head. The latter was much
the best, coming from far in the rear.
Na?b Turner, on Elmwood Farm's Tiger
<co!t The Giver, beat the favorite lnno
cencia a head for- the two-year-old dash
at four furlongs. The winner carried
much wise support at odds of 4 and 5 to
1, and pot up just in time under hard rid
ing. Murcia, a smart filly from Ab.
Stemler's stable, played on some fast
¦workouts, worked her way from, back in
the bunch, finishing third.
Beaten on the Saturday previous, when
backed off the boards, Parader came
¦through in the seven furlong selling af
fair;- downing a cheap assortment. The
.big gelding went to the post favorite over
• Midian and at the wire won easily. Alex
ander finished third on Rainier, a 12 to 1
outsider.
- Making his reappearance after a long
Season on the shelf, Gotobed, with "Jess"
Conley up, came home an easy winner of
the mile and a sixteenth run Prejudice
and Malay enjoyed the call, it being 5 to
2 and take your pick. The t*o choices
raced themselves to a standstill, and at
the close Gotobed scored in a big gallop
at odds of 4 to 1. Malay lasted just long
enough to take the place from Dr. Ber
*iays. . . . .
An ordinary set of platers lined up in
Ihe final five furlong scramble. Compan
ion ruled favorite, but quit, and Quibo
beat Aphrodis out in a drive. The win
ner was a 6 to 1 chance.
Track Notes.
. Dorainick
cago to-morrow.
Dominick will probably leave for Chi
cago to-morrow.
- It- is reported that W. O'B. Macdonough
fcffered Barney Schreiber $25,000 for his
promising sire Imp. Sain yesterday. The
St. ¦ Louis bookmaker refused the same
¦v.-ith a smile.
The fame of Corrigan has reached, the
Eastern country. E. G. the well
known-Chicago turf writer, has been
commissioned by a wealthy New York
turfman, to bid as high as $7500 for the
brown colt. Burns & \Vaterhous« and
Sam Hildreth may go beyond this figure.
To-Day's Entries.
F
var
22
23
£3
2334 Midian 10S
First race — One mile; four : year-olds and up
vard: selling. ••-,-"' ~ * :' ~
22S6 Mont Kagle . .-.10:* £334 Estro 108
2326 First Shot 102 "297 Faunette .103
£30$ William F 1CS 2210 Pongo 102 ¦
2234 Midian ......... 10S
Second race^Four furlongrs; maiden two-year
old&; purse.
2315 R^aan' ..........115 2317 Pepper Sauce. .118
::;i7 Fred Atterburylir) .... Lily, Dale 115
2S13 Partzade lib 1321 Gerardo 118
"2S5 Frank Bain IIS 2315 Phil Crimmins.llS
2317 Achjlles IIS 2321 St. Philippina..H5
2311 Evander 110 2315 Graham GreenellS
Third race— Six furlongs; four-year-olds and
upward; selling.
1313 Maydlne 101. 2301 Expedient 103
(?19?)UeilKeE 103; 1930 Wallenstein ...103
2301 Jingle Jingle. ..104 2308 Mike Rice 106
23H Gold Finder 103 ! 2335 Clarando 104
1329 Glissando 102; 2326 Homestake ....104
"2302 Gusto .....10C, 230S Pilot 103
i Fourth race — Six furlongs; four-year-olds and
upward; selling:. • ¦ ...
2324 La Borgia .....104 2133 Flamero 109
2301 Montallade ....109 22S3 Boundlee .......106
2090 Ilandicapper -.114
Fifth race — One mile and an eighth; four
j-ear-olds and upward; selling.
2329 Alaska 99 2220 Haviland ..... .104
2324 Don Luis'..' 106 <2323)Catastrophe ...106
t2312)Seoteh Plaid. ..106 2331 Goldone 103
2324 Merops 99
Sixth race— Six ' furlongs ; four-year-olds 'and
upward; selling.
J2S9 Hlndoonet 109 1 (2320) Valencienne ...104
2326Locononio 104| 2304 High Hoe 104
2287 The Singer 1C3| 2329 DolHe Weithoffl04
2314 Me Albert 106' 2304 Mocorito 104
2302 Amasa 10« 1(2319) Alas :i01
ZOSf Good Hope ....104] 2290 Decoy 103
- Probable Winners.
Flrst_ race— Faunette, Mont Eagle, William F.
Second race— Redan, St Philippina,' LBy
"General MacArthur Sends the List of
the "Wounded Soldiers.
TMrd ¦ race-^Jingle Jingle, Gusto. Clarandq.
Fourth race^— Handicapper, Flamero, Montal
lade.
Fifth race— Scotch Plaid, Catastrophe, Gold
cm*, , ; . .
Sixth race— Mocorito, Good Hope, -Hlndoonet.
CASUALTIES HT • LUZON.
WASHINGTON, April £2.— General Mac
/Arthur, at Manila cables . the following
'.casualties:.
§ Wounded — March 14, L-aguna, Samar,
Battery F, Fourth Artillery, Corporal
J. McLaughlin, severe; March 13,
•Mayha, Bohul, Company H, Forty-fourth
-: Infantry, W. W. May, leg above knee,
vslight; March 23, Candelarla. LuzonoCom
pany» 1, Twenty-flrst Infantry. John Mc-
Queen, foot, slight; April 14, Horzegaray,
Luzon, Hospital. Corps, Henry V. Carland,
¦in. chest, serious; March 16, Donol, Luzon,
Gompany A, Forty-seventh ' Infantry,
Kichard Mason, thigh, serious; Antonio
I-apart, elbow severe; Hiram Blizzard,
thigh, slight; Company D, Forty-seventh
Infantry. Frank Romars, thigh, slight;
March 18. .Penarand, Luzon, Troop A,
Fourth Cavalry, Dwignt F. Lawson;
shoulder, slight ; Troop G, Fourth Cavalry,
Allan R. Blackburn, leg above knee, seri
ous; Assistant' Surgeon Deaton, heel,
flight; February 26, Harvacan, Luzon,
Company G, Thirty-third Infantry, James
F.. Treadway, foot, moderate; March 23,
Talisay. I-uzon, Troop C, Sixth Cavalry,
Kwing Wright, finger, slight; James
Creed, thigh, moderate.
Eastern. Ball Games.
PHILADELPHIA, April 22.-Pitcher
White, who came here from the George
town College, made his National League
debut: tonday and Brooklyn's defeat was
principally'due^to his exccllent^work. At
tendance, 2072. • Score:
Clubs— [ ' ; .' , - R. h. k.
Brooklyn . 3 6 • ;
Philadelphia r 9 n . 3
Batteries— Kitson, Kennedy and Steelman;
"White. .land. . McJT.&rland. Umpire — Colgan. -.
CINCINNATI, April £2.—Cincinnati-Chi
eapo.game postponed: wet grounds.
KANSAS CITY, Mo., April 22.— Mrs.
Carrie Nation's visit- to Kansas City _ two
Sundays ago and her arrest has resulted
in a • strong movement against the Sun
day saloon that may end in bringing to
a definite issue . the fight between the
Kansas joint-smasher and the police. «. ,
Yesterday several local ministers
preached strong sermons denouncing the
police for making the arrest and Police
Judge McAuley for fining Mrs- Nation for
no other reason than that she gathered
a crowd about her by denouncing a sa
loon-keeper for exhibiting nude pictures
in his place.
To-day the Ministers' Alliance, at the
regular weekly meeting, drafted a peti
tion to the Mayor and Board of Police
Commissioners, praying that they enforce
the State law against Sunday opening,
and a strenuous effort is to be made by
church people generally to aid the move
ment. ¦ •'
Judge McAuley, when he fined Mrs. Na
tion 1500, threatened ¦ her with arrest
should she return to the city, and Chief
of Police Hayes emphasized the court's
warning. Notwithstanding this Mrs. Na
tion has agreed to lecture here before the
Union -Mission next Friday night and the
church people are said to have planned
to bring the matter to an issue with the
Police Department by meeting her at the
depot with a brass band and escorting
her about town.
Kansas City Expects to Have
Another Interesting
Time.
CARRIE NATION
STILL DEFIANT
Like Catiline the Smash
er Proposes to Re- •
turn.
JENNIE FURNISHES A SURPRISE
BY WINNING AT LENGTHY ODDS
Players. Agairi Get ; a Shaking Wpj at
Tanforah— Bill Young Gomes Home First.
Gotobed" Scores After- a , Loijig Retirement
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, ; TUESDAY, APRIL 23, 1901.
Departs From the Casino and Takes Up .His
v Abode at the Terminal, in Order to Have
Privacy— Seats Now on Sale for the Fight
TERRY McGOVERN CHANGES HIS
TRAINING PLACE IN QUICK TIME
CALL'S RACING FORM CHART
GARDNER AVOIDS TOMMY COX'S LEAD FOR THE HEAD AND PLANTS
HIS LEFT FLUSH ON THE AUSTRALIAN'S MOUTH PHOTO
TOGRAPHED AT HIS TRAINING QUARTERS BY A CALL, ARTIST.
4
IN THE
RUSSIAN RIVER REDWOODS.
R. X. RYAN,
General Passenger Agent.
H. C. WHITING, General Manager.
Ticket offices 650 Market street (Chroni-
cle building) and Tiburon Ferry. General
office, Mutual Life building:, Sansome and
California streets, San Francisco.
Call or write for
"VACATION 190!"
This is a little book just issued by the
California Northwestern Railway Com-
pany, and is profusely illustrated. It gives
camping locations, hotels and mineral
spring resorts in Marin, Sonoma. MeniJo-
cino and Lake counties. Besides, It con-
tains a list of about 20G farms and homes
where board during the summer months
can be procured at from $5.00 to $10.00 per
week. ... -
Whether to a mineral spring resort,
whero you can get the benefit of medi-
cinal waters, or to a farm, where you
can enjoy che comfort and quiet home
life of the farmer, or to a picturesque
town, from which you can. In a short
walk or drive, commune with nature In
her valleys, foothills and mountain
canyons, or to a camp along the bank
of some shady stream,
go this Summer
K you want to
know where to
SANTA CATALINA ISLAND.
3% Hours' Ride From Los Angeles, Cal.
GREATEST ATTRACTIONS IN THE WEST.
Third Annual Rod and Reel Fishing Tour-
nament, auspices the "Tuna Club."
Eighth Season of our Famous Marine Band.
The Society Resort.
The Sportsman's Paradise.
HOTEL METROPOLE and COUNTRY CLUB
always open. Golf and Tennis Tournaments.
IDEAL CAMP LIFE.
For full information, hotel rates, unique ar-
rangements for camping and illustrated pam-
phlets, apply to
TOURIST INFORMATION BUREAU, -
• 10 Montgomery st.. San Francisco.
Or BANNING CO..
222 South Spring St.. Los Angeles. Cal.
SKAG6S BOT SP8IN6S g?£5V??££
from Sari" Francisco; but 9 miles' staging:
waters noted for medicinal virtues; best nat-
ural bath In State; swimming and Boating;
good trout streams; telephone, telegraph, daily
mall and express; flrst-clasi hotel ansl stage
service; morning and afternoon stas<>»; round
trip from San Francisco only $5 50. Take Tib-
uron ferry at 7:30 a. m. or 3:30 p. m. Term*,
$2 a day or $12 a week. References— Any guest
Of the past six years. For further Informa-
toln address J. F. MULGREW. Skaggs. Cal.
YOSEMITE VALLEY,
BIG OAK FLAT AND YOSEMITE STAGE
CO.— Running directly through the Tuolumno
Big Tree Grove, Oh My and New Inspiration
Points, El Capitan, Bridal Veil and Yosemite
Falls. Staging 2% hours first afternoon and
9 hours next day, arriving- at Yosemite Valley
5 p. m. Send for illustrated folder. WM. J.
WHITE. Gen'l Agent. 600 Market St., opposite
Palace Hotel. S. F.; tel. Black 3371.
DPS. C C O'DONNfiLCS
MINERAL SPRINGS AT GLEN ELLEN.
the best camping, picnic and pleasure re-
sort on the Coast. The greatest remedy for
lung disease, liver and stomach complaints.
rheumatism and catarrh in the w?rld; 4J
miles from S. F. The S. P. R. R. and S. F.
& N.' P. R. R. give special rates to campers:
30 cottages and tents furnished; rent cheap;
no fogs nor poison oak at the park; mineral
water, boats and bathiner free. Inquire of DR.
C. C. OTKDNNELL. office 1C21H Market, bet.
6th and 7th. S. F. If you want your health,
pleasure and longevity this Is the place to go.
LAUREL DELL LAKE
MOST ATTRACTIVE PLACE IN LAKE
County to spend a vacation. Boating:,
bathing, bowling, tennis, livery, new walks
end boats. Write for circular. EDGAR DUB-
NAN, Laurel Dell, Lake Co.. Cal.
FERN BROOK PARK,
NILES CANTON. IS NOW OPEN FOR PIC-
nlcs or campers. Further Information ad-
dress WM. H. MENTON. Excursion Pass.
Agent S. P. Co.. 613 Market street.
GOOD FELLOWS' HOME,
AMID THE MOUNTAINS OF MENDO-
clno. Visit this quiet little resort for
solid comfort. For particulars apply to S.
STRATTON. 3 Eighth street. Clty^ .
THE GEYSERS, ?£SE
ONE OF NATURE'S WONDER9. NATT-
ral steam baths; swimming, fishing. hunt-
Ing and livery. "Write for pamphlet. I.
WERTHEIMER. manager.
LAUREL RANCH RESORT
5 miles from station: beautiful view; moun-
tain scenery; good hunting, fishing In moun-
tain streams: short distance from Geysers;
daily mall; $7 per week. Further particulars
address G. H. BLACK, Geyserville. Sonoma Co.
WII I AW D AMfH fonaer proprietor w.
WlLLUlT BAnVU Crandell— A summer horns
In the redwoods. 5 miles from Santa Cruz;
running water, swimming, croquet, abundance
of fruit, home' cooking: table speaks for itself.
For particulars, TULEY &.ILir li \ Santa Cruz.
SUMMER HOME FARM,
SANTA CRUZ MOUNTAINS— FIRST-CLASS
family resort; main hotel and cottages;
hunting and fishlngr; artificial lake for boating
and swimming; long-distance telephone; camp-
ers' return tickets, $2 50; open the year round.
Send for circulars.
J. H. HAESTERS, Glenwood, Cal.
CLEWBROOK.
Just the place to enjoy your vacation. Various
amusements. Plenty large & smal game. Tablo
& beds unsurpassed. Rates only $3 & $10. Infor-
mation at Traveler office. 20 Montgomery st..
or address O. W. R. TREDWAT, Proprietor.
Glenbrook. Lake County. Cal.
WHITE COTTAGES,
HOVVELL MOUNTAIN.
. Altitude 2000 feet: air pure and dry. "Write
MRS. J. H. GOETSCHE, White Cottages,
Angwln P. O., Cal.
•¦¦¦^-T 1 ™^"™ THE NEW BUILDINGS AND
nr»i T T rr T'»« Beautiful Grounds at Hoitt's
nui k .1 o Scnoo i w hi be ovea to summer
MFNT O guests during June and July,
i ii^uv s U p er i or climate, excellent
PARK* table; reasonable prices. Ad-
__^____ dress IRA G. HOITT.
For the complexion. Indispensable for the
Mountains and Sea Snore. Prevents and re-
moves tan, sunburn and infection from Poison
Oak. Indorsed by the medical profession. At
all druggists.
HOTEL MOUNT VIEW
Changed hands. Will hereafter be open th«
year round. Bus meets 11 o'clock train from
city at present. The culinary department will
receive specall" attention." For rates aim par-
ticulars address HOTEL. AI-UNT VIEW. Ross
Valley, Marln Co.. Cal.
BELLEVUE HOTEL.
P. O. EL VERANO, Cal., Verano Station
(Kings Crossing)), on California Northwestern
Railway. Hot mineral baths near by. Terms,
SI per day and upward. PETER GOUILHAR-
DOU, lessee.
SAN JOSE
CARNIVAL OF ROSES.
HOTEL ST. JAMES.
Finest Equipped Hotel In the State.
DUNCAN SPRINGS,
> Two miles from Hopland ; best medicinal
waters in the State; fine hotel and first-class
table; rates $10 and $12; housekeeping cottages.
0. HOWEL.lv Hopland, Mendoclno Co.. Cal.
GHA8. M. PLUM & GO.
Upholstery Company,
NINTH AND MARKET STS ,
Have quite a line of SHORT LENGTHS
of . UPHOLSTERY GOODS which will
An opportunity to procure Pillow and
Cushion Covers for your summer home.
VICHY SPftlNCS,
3 The" only place in the United States where I
Vichy "Water is abundant. The only natural |
Electric , Watera; Champagne Baths ; Springs
Numerous; Baths Unequaled. Three miles from I
Uklah. . J. A. REDEMEYER & CO..
Proprietors. I
MOUNTAIN VIEW RANCH, near Santa
Cruz, in heart of the mountains; among
the redwoods: first-class accom.; very reason-
able terms; telephone, swimming tank, croquet
and amusements; daily mail; new. Improve-
ments; our well-known table is our recommen-
dation. Bound trip campers to Glenwood, lncl.
stage. $3 75; Frank R. Dann, Santa Cruz.
DIRECTORY
Catalogues and Prleo Lists Mail93
on Application.
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
RMiLL'SKElNVIGOmOfiKTSSSg
Five hundred ¦ reward for any ' IKnts
case we cannot cure. ...This secret Q*£S3 SS|d
remedy stops all losses in 24 hours. H
cures Emissions, Impotency, Vari- EK3 SjcSj
cocele. Gonorrhea. Gleet, Fits. f5??J WJffj
Strictures. Lost Manhood and all W*U ivM
wasting effects of self-abuse or BSaW ' 86BS
excesses. Bent sealed, $2 bottle; 3 \m i p iHtinSat
bottles, $3: guaranteed to cure any case. Ad-
dress HALL'S MEDICAL* INSTITUTE, S33
Broadway, Oakland, CaL Also for sale n 1 1073^3
Market st.. S. F. AH private diseases quickly
cured. Send for free book. ¦
COAL, COKE A?XD PIG IRO*.
t f tiff CrtV ft TO SOO Battery Street.
J-U ntLdUll l\ WV-. Telephone Main 1364.
COPPERSMITH.
C W SMITH Shlp PJumWng, Steamboat and
Kr- n« JiJIilllj ship Work a specialty. 18 and
18 Washington st. Telephone Main 5641.
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
JA^ RftYFS k CO Sn !PPing Butchers. 104
JAS' DUIESttUJ. day, TeL j^jj, 1294
JilrfSWtffiS*? 1 *** a BJ 2 G is a non-po!«oaona
<O^PP iWftT Hteffl 5, e , me(1 - T o to " Gonorrhoea.
JBgWiniu!>4*j>\m White*, unnatural di>
jHHKy Ounatmd ¦ fg cnargl . or any in&amzsa-
S*a»Jg cot ta ¦•jieiare. tion, l ritation or clcera-
fffm VK£Ev*SS CHEM'ff«tCo. b«nes. Non-astringent.
Sgeg*ciitci!mT],o.g53 Sold b^
by express, prepaid. \v>*
U Sl.OO. or 3 bottles, $2.73.
* wil IFnf^Tti *" "'— Jnlar sent on requwrf.
OILS.
LUBRICATING OILS. LEONARD & ELLIS.
«S Front St.. S. F. Phone Main 1719.
PRINTING.
EC HITfiHF^ PRINTER.
£Vjj IltUHCa. 5U sansome at.. S. F.
Weak Men and Women
CHOULD USE DA1UANA BITTERS THE
*-» great Mexican remedy; gives health and
strength to sexual organs. Depot. 323 Market.
23 First Street. San Francisco.
PRINTERS. BOOKBINDERS;
THE HICKS- JITDD CO..'
STATIONER AND PRINTER.
"308 'California' PADTPMfiF Telegraphic
Street. rAJIimilUE Codes.
CEBQEitl^
»e- Overcoats and
valises checked free.
HIGHLAND
SPRINGS.
Only Three Hours' Staging
To the prettiest, healthiest, most restful place
In »11 California. Resident physician. Every
comfort and amusement. Rates — J10, $12, $U.
$15 and $16 per week. Call on LEE D. CRAIG.
31G Montgomery St., and sea photographs of
hotel and surroundings. "We take pleasure in
writing full particulars. Address CRAIG &
WARNER.
On June 3. this year, CAMP REVERIE will
be opened In a redwotd grove on the Guerne-
vilie branch of the California Northwestern
Rail-way, midway between Fulton and Guerne-
vtlle.
Handsome booklets with fuU details have t>een
left in Ticket Offices of the California North-
western Rail-aray, cr address CAMP REVERIE
ASSOCIATION, room 5,1, Flood building. San
Francisco. Office hour3 12 to * p. m.. Mon-
days. Wednesdays and Saturdays.
An Outing
On a New Plan,
"In All California
No Place Like This."
CAMP REVERIE,
A golf shirt is as proper for summer wear. as 'a. mack- B
;intqsh is for rainy weather. We have golf shirts of interest i
-to, people who are particular about their dress! The shirts fi
!are made of madras, and the colors are woven right into the h
and will not fade;; the colors are ox-blood, new blue, - J|
• pink and lavender in large stripes neatly patterned; liber- a
Vally cir^ so they \will fit well; workmanship is excellent; in g
; fact they are equal to the shirt-maker's custom. made shirt, 3
which you must pay $3 for; our price for these shirts but
- *. Out-of-town orders filled — write us. . - ..^ gThursday, April 25 th,
"Will be the beginning of the greatest
clothing sale ever held in this city. Men's
$15.00 and $20.00 suits and overcoats | will
be sold for 54.65 a suit at the assignee
pale of clothing, 773 Market street, near
Fourth- • •
Daniel Guynee, the cripple, was held to
answer before the\ Superior Court . by
oiidge Conlan yesterday on the chare-e of
murder, ' without bail. ¦ During ; a dispute
in .the :"I-ast- Chance "Ward" ac the Alms
house, ; Guynee attacked Richard Smith,
another inmate, with a water bottle and
Smith died from' the injuries -received.
Guynee Held for Murder.
The dead body of a soldier. was found
yesterday morning lying: In a doorway, at
221v Sacramento • street and was identified
at the Morgue as that of Pierce J. Dor
ney. a, private of Company A. Ninth In
fantry. An autopsy showed that death
was due to alcoholism.
Sudden Death of a Soldier.
The Police Judges met yesterday to
ia&e steps toward adopting some method
to enable people who have bail money in
the City Treasurer's office to get it re
turned.- After discussing the . matter It
was 'decided to wait till it was seen what
action was taken by the Board of Super
visors, but there was a strong disposi
tion to go ahead with the signing of the
orders to-day. * " --.- "•_
Return of Bail Money.
Mr. Woodworth insists also that in case
bail should be given for any of the girls
the: photograph of eWh one liberated
should be taken before%;hey are released,
so that the old trick of substituting a girl
with a legal • certificate may. not' be re
sorted to. , . ...
One of the eighteen Chinese girl slaves
captured by. Federal officials in Sullivan
Alley and Baker Court last Saturday will
be brought before United States Court
Commissioner Heacock this morning. Ap
plication for bail was made yesterday by
Samuel M. Shortridge. but Mr.' "Wood
worth .insisted that the bail should be
fixed at $3000 in' each case, that being the
market value of each slave. The girls are
in the Presbyterian and Methodist Mission
homes and •will be kept there until • their
cases shall have been, disposed of.
Prevent the Substitution
Trick.
CHINESE SLAVES MAY
,; BE ADMITTED TO BAlL
Iheir Photographs Will. Be Taken to
the Secretary of the Navy.
The board of directors of the Manufac
turers' and Producers* Association met
yesterday afternoon for the purpose of
discussing the propriety of making repre
sentations to the Navy Department in re
gard to having ships of the United States
navy stationed in Pacific waters repaire<l
at this port. I By unanimous vote the sec
retary was directed to send the following
letter to Secretary of the Navy Long:-,
The board of directors of this association,
having had under consideration the subject of
future repairs to. ships of the United States
navy, now stationed and hereafter to be em
ployed in the Philippine Islands, in Asiatic
waters and generally in the Pacific Ocean, de
sires to indorse the representations which have
been made to your department by the San
Francisco Chamber of Commerce under date at
April 16 Ia3t, and to most earnestly express
to you the sentiment of this association and of
this State generally that, owing to the nearness
of Pacific Coast ports to the Orient and for the
other reasons stated, it la most appropriate and
also in the Interests of economy that repairs
to such' ships should be made at such ports,
so far as compatible with the requirements of
the service, instead of sending such ships to
Atlantic ports for that purpose.
. The large navy yard at Mare Island, as well
as- the other existing facilities of this port,
enable vessels of all classes to be repaired here
expeditiously and with economy, as has been
demonstrated heretofore, -and It Is the spirit of
our local merchants and manufacturers, if
offered sufficient encouragement, to remain
equipped and to hold themselves In readiness to
supply material, etc., required In, such repairs
on short notice.
ASKS THAT NAVY'S SHIPS
MAY BE REPAIRED HERE
Manufacturers' and Producers' Asso
ciation Sends Communication to
Other witnesses examined were Harold
S. Adams. George H. Martin. R. C. Pier
son, Adolph Morris. S. J. Simpson, . David
Martin, George D. Jones, Dr. Edwin Bun
nell and Detective O'Dea. This closed the
case for the prosecution, and the defense
will be heard this, morning. Moody has
also I another charge of attempted mur
der against him for shooting Adams,
which will be tried after the conclusion
of the present case.
The trial of Albert Moody^formerly a
jockey, on a charge of assault to murder,
was commenced before a jury in Judge
Cock's court yesterday morning. Assist
ant District Attorney Deuprey conducted
the prosecution and the defendant was
represented by Senator Porter Ashe.
On the morning of July 4 last, while
Mrs. .Lulu St. D. Roylance was leaving
the. Winchester House, where her hus
band was rooming, she met Moody, who
had apparently been waiting for her. Bhe
was accompanied by Harold S. Adams,
a friend. Moody fired three shots at Mrs.
Roylance, each taking effect. He also
shot • and wounded Adams. The woman
made a statement. In which she declared
that Mocdy had shot her. Tiiey had been
intimate in their relations for some time,
and it was the knowledge that she in
tended to return to her husband that
caused Moody to attempt to kill her.
Since the shooting Mrs. Roylance has
obtained a divorce from her husband,
Leon St. Denis Roylance, * and has en
deavored to stop the District Attorney
and Judge Cook from proceeding with
the case against Moody. While testify
ing yesterday she denied all knowledge
ot the statement made by her and ad
mitted the intimate relations -that had
existed between her and the defendant.
Mrs. St. D. Roylance Tes
tifies in the Moody
Case.
CONFESSES HER
SHAMELESS LIFE
Board of Health. Cannot Buy It Under
Present Appropriation, Says
Mayor Phelan.
" No gold medal from the Paris Exposi
tion testifying to the excellence of the
statistics' of the local Board of Health
will be hefted around as a part of the
archives of that body. This was decided
upon at a meeting of the board held yes
terday. The Mayor sent in a long com
munication about the proposition to } buy
the one awarded, but by a unanimous vote
it was decided that the medal was too
heavy to carry, with the funds available
under the present appropriation. The
metal testimonial will remain in Paris un
til some one comes forward with sufficient
civic pride to buy It. ¦'¦ .
A communication from the collection
committee authorized to receive subscrip
tions from City Hall employes. to aid in
the reception of President McKlnley was
ordered placed upon the bulletin board.
A number of changes and appointments
•were ordered made. A. Bergez, bakery,
bath and laundry inspector, resigned, his
resignation to take effect April 30. J. T.
Silvera, on motion of Dr. McCarthy, was
appointed in his stead, and will assume
his duties on May 1. The appointees who
are helping clean up Chinatown were
placed upon the pay roll. Edward Kelly,
morgue tender, will receive $75 a month;
B. F. Tingley, in charge of the laboratory
and removal of animals, is scheduled for
$60 a month; Oscar Schlam, checker of
garbage wagons, and William Yost, night
watchman, will receive $2 50 per day. Sal
aries will be Orawn from the date of ap
pointment. ,
An investigation has been, ordered Into
the sanitary condition of Tuttle's grading
camp located in the block- bounded by
Fillmore, Steiner, Waller and Page
streets. Property owners and Dr. Hartly,
the inspector in whose district the camp
is located, have made frequent complaints
regarding it.
PARIS EXPOSITION MEDAL ''
TO REMAIN WHERE IT IS
necessary to have at least 115 new booths
for the coming elections, and the metal
ones will be purchased as an experiment.
When the Australian ballot system went
into effect 350 booths were bought and
there are only 200 left. Some of the miss
ing booths have been placed on the
grounds of the City, and County Hospital,
while the others are strung along the
mountains and the streams of : Marln
County, where they are used as shooting
and fishing lodges. . ¦ *,
"WHITE HAT" MCCARTHY
CREATES A SENSATION ON
GEARY STREET.
WICHITA. Kan., April 22.— W. B. Jones,
one- of Mrs. Nation's bondsmen, has taken
a certified copy of the bond and gone to
Medicine Lodge with the intention of
bringing Mrs. Nation back' to Wichita
with him. He wishes to be released from
the bond and takes this course to bring
her back and before the court.
Bondsman Wants Mrs. Nation.
USES A BEER FAUCET
TO OITSET A EBVOLVEK
Quarrel in a Barbary Coast Resort
Results in the Principals Be
ing Arrested.
Otto Shmidt, a bartender in "Cowboy
Mag's" salo'on on Pacific street, near
Kearny, and George Green, ' a visitor at
the place, were locked up last night on
a charge of assault with a deadly weapon,
Green for threatening Shmidt with a beer
faucet and Shmidt for firing two shots
at Green. The two men got into an alter
cation and Green left the place with the
announcement that he was going after
a pistol. A beer faucet was as near as he
could get to it, and with that he returned
and proceeded to assault Shmidt. Shmidt
drew a pistol of his own and sent two
shots after Green, but neither hit any
thing. Before the row became more seri
ous' the two men were arrested.
The soldier left on guard "does not re
member seeing any dress-suit case on the
pile of baggage placed under his charge,
and the lieutenant is spending his spare
time in trying to solve the problem and
wondering how the missing piece of bag
gage could have strayed.
Lieutenant Whipple of the Twenty-sixth
Infantry is eager to hear of the where
abouts of a dress-suit case containing his
uniform and $200. The money, is. part. ~ot
tho company funds entrusted to the lieu
tenant's care. Whipple claims to ! have
left the suit case and - two trunks" con
taining his clothing in charge of a private
on the transport dock. The trunks ar
rived at the quarters of the lieutenant,
but the dress-suit case was missing.
in Transportation.
Clothes and Company Funds Lost
Dress-Suit Case Containing Officer's
LIEUTENANT WHIPPLE
\LOSES VALUABLE GRIP
by papers found on the person as that of
Frederick Weidenhoefer. A porcelain
lined metal cup and a spoon were found
in one of the dead man's pockets. He had
been dead for several days.
SKYSCRAPERS
MAY BE BUILT
Bill Removing Limit on
Height of Buildings
Passed.
Ordinance Providing for Re
turn of Bail Moneys
Adopted.
The bill removing the limitation on the
height of fireproof buildings and limiting
the height of other buildings to 110 feet
was passed to print by the Board of Su
pervisors yesterday. Charles Alpers, on
behalf of the Hayes Valley Improvement
Company, opposed its passage.
The Finance Committee's recommenda
tion that the bill providing for the pay
ment of old claims against the city be laid
over until after the fixing of the next tax
budget was adopted.
An ordinance providing for the with
drawal of moneys deposited as bail with
the warrant and bond clerk of the Police
Court and defining the duties of the Po
lice Judge, Auditor, Treasurer and war
rant and bond clerk was passed to print.
The ordinance provides for the auditing
of the order for bail moneys by the Audi
tor, who Is to be furnished dally with a
complete list of the names of all persons
for whose release ball has been deposited.
The bill providing for the payment of
fees for building alterations under the
eupervision of the Board of Works was
finally passed. McCarthy and Branden
fctein opposed the imposition of fees to
pay the salaries of the building inspectors
on the ground that the expense should
be borne by the general taxpayer. The
bill was defeated on first rollca.ll, but
D'Ascona, who came in late, voted in
favor and made the necessary tenth vote.
Bill Regulating Signs Passed.
The bill submitted by the Merchants'
Association, intended to regulate signs
and transparencies extending over side
walks, was iinally passed.
The acceptance of the right of way for
& culvert in Trocadero Gulch was finally
ordered.
The consideration of the ordinance pro
viding for an increase of wages for jani
tors and elevator men from $2 per day
to ?70 per month was deferred until the
first Monday in May.
The petition of J. W. Goldstein and oth
ers for dismissal and waiver of appeal
taken by the City Attorney in the con
demnation proceedings for St. Mary's
Park was referred to the Judiciary Com
mittee.
The Board of Works was directed to re
quire the owners of the property at 633
Third street to put the sidewalks into
cood condition.
The ordinance providing for the regu
lation and control of the storage of crude
petroleum and explosives under the su
pervision of the Fire Marshal was passed
to print.
The ordinance establishing certain regu
lations concerning the public and private
sewers find drains, and providing a pen
alty for their violation, was passed to
print
The ordinance accepting a grant of a
right of way' at Bernal Station, executed
by the Southern Pacific Company, was
passed to print.
Flood Ghets His Permit.
J. L. Flood -was granted permission to
erect a fireproof building, 180 feet in
height, on the lot at Market and Powell
streets. Similar permission was granted
to C. E. Green and H. T. Scott to erect
a building at the corner of Geary and
Pcwell streets.
The Hayes Valley Athletic Club was
granted permission to hold an amateur
boxing exhibition on April 25. Tobin said
he would vote against allowing amateur
contests in the future, as he considered
they -rrere of a brutal character.
The demand of R. H. Powell for pay
ment to him of J1S for attendance as a
trial juror in criminal cases in the Supe
rior Court was passed with the under
standing that the Auditor shall refuse to
audit the demand in order to test the
validity of the claim.
The City Attorney was directed to ren
der an opinion as to the legality of a
claim of 54380 submitted by the State Lun
acy Commission for the support of crimi
nal insane committed from this citv.
The petition of F. Saunders for the
maintenance of an engine and boiler at
1133 Alabama street, to be used 'in con
nection with a fruit-preserving plant, was
denied. A number of property owners in
the Immediata vicinity opposed the grant
ing of the petition.
Medical Men Banquet.
The annual banquet of the Sigma
Chapter of the Alpha Kappa Kappa Fra
ternity of the medical department of
the University of California was held
last night in a downtown restaurant and
was an enjoyable affair. Grand Presi
dent Dr. George Cook and Deputy Grand
President. B. F. Williams were in attend
ance. ,H. M. Simmons acted as toast
master. The responses to the toasts
given were witty and full of expressions
of "frat" feeling.
Ball-Players Celebrate.
The Califorrrta Frv.it Canners' Associa
tion Baseball Club celebrated the closing
of Its baseball season with a banquet anil
theater party last Saturday evening-
There -were twenty-four guests present
and a most enjoyable time was had.
Charles F. Jackson was toastmaster. Re
sponses to toasts and remarks were made
by Captain Kreling, Frank A. Wilder. M.
A. Volkman, W. J. Clarke, James B. Mel-
Yin and H. E. Chick. Vocal music was
rendered by Messrs. Olney, Bray and Cud
worth. Charles W. Carter was the re
cipient of a special presentation by a few
of his admiring friends present. Beauti
ful souvenirs of the occasion were pre
sented to each of the guests and the af
fair was voted a complete success by
those participating.
cut about the head. McCarthy tumbled
out of the buggy, but was uninjured. He
went away, promising to send a glazier
to repair the damage, and drove to his
stable. The glazier came and saw the
ruins, but declined to make good the
damage until he saw the coin. McCarthy
did not hSve it with him and could not
get it, and finally declined to pay for it
any way. So the window remains un
glazed.
McCarthy, who has handled all kinds of
horses during his lifetime, declares that
his business has been ruined by the in
troduction of the automobile. The horse
that he was driving is an intelligent ani
mal and just how he lost control of it,
as a horseman, he does not know. The
horse was the worst injured party In the
transaction. The animal was taken to
Mlchelson's stables, 814 Geary street,
and treated by a veterinary surgeon.
McCarthy, with a choice vocabulary of
expletives, declared it was the first time
he had ever missed the pole. !
f'But the next time I, bump Into an au-
LOST HX A FOREST
IN THE CITT LIMITS
Coroner's Deputies Wander About tho
Dismal Woods With a Suicide's
Body.
It sounds like a surprise when the state
ment is made that any adult of sound
mind and well acquainted with the city
should get lost within its limits, yet that
is what happened yesterday morning to
Deputy Coroner Meehan and Morgue Mes
senger Thomas Smith.
They left the i Morgue at midnight of
Sunday to -get the dead body of Frederick
"Weidenhoefer, which had been found in
the gum and cypress forest on the Spring
Valley reserve, three and a half miles
west of the Ingleside Road House and one
mile north of the old Ocean House Road.
They were met at the Ingleside House by
Police Patrolman King, who piloted them
to the spot where the dead body lay. On
coming back through the dense woods the
party lost its way and wandered about in
the darkness for two hours before Police
man King struck the trail that led into
civilization. Meehan and Smith, hungry,
thirsty and half frozen, arrived at the
Morgue with their grewsome load at 7:30
o'clock in the morning, having been seven
hours and a half on the trip, and all of
that period within the city limits.
The body of the dead man was identified
"Wants Match With. McGovern.
Frank Carrils, manager of Herrera, the
Eakersfield featherweight who handily
defeated Toby Irwin a week ago, claims
he is willing to post a certified check for
$1000 with The Call to bind a match be
tween his protege and Terry McGovern.
Carrils also says he will make a side bet
as high as $5000 that Herrera can defeat
the Brooklyn whirlwind. He has dele
gated Judd Gibbs, the local fight pro
moter, to make the match. Gibbs says
that the residents of Bakersfleld look
upon Herrera as a wonder, and are will
ing to wager thousands of dollars on him
whenever he fights.
To end the discussion fully 200 members
rose and forced their way out of the hall
and several of the orators must have
gone out with them, for after their de
parture the resolution went through
speedily.
A committee consisting of Messrs.
Aubertin, Selma and Jacobs was appoint
ed to meet with a committee from the
bosses' organization to-night and inform
the members that their prices met with
the approval of the journeymen.
The resolution indorsing these prices
was adopted only after nearly every one
of the 900 members present had, indulged
in oratorical flights. Several times dur
ing the evening points of order were
raised, which sank Into oblivion - during
the debate that followed and were
brought .to the attention of the chair an
hour after the subject in dispute had been
disposed of.
Vice President "Wray, the "lawyer bar
ber," and J. J. Calish, the /'politician
barber," tilted occasionally on knotty
points In parliamentary law and delayed
the • passage of the resolution adopting
the bosses' prices, until the barbers pres
ent began to think of the man who wants
a shave before catching an early morning
boat.
Shaving, every day In the week, 15. cents;
balrcutting, 25 cents; singeing, 25 cents; sham
pooing:, 25 cents, and sea foam, 10 cents.
The boss barbers submitted a schedule
of prices, which was indorsed after a
stormy debate by the Journeymen. Tho
prices that will prevail in the future are
as follows: .
The mother of a large family of boys,
who takes them all to the barbers Satur
day afternoons to . have their hair cut.
has had that 10-cent raise tacked onto
the price of trimming her darling's locks
and must in the future pay a quarter for
the attention. The barbers contend that
the youngsters' heads are as large as
their papa's and in most cases have a
heavier covering.
The fear engendered in the minds of
those who patronize the barbers that they,
would have to pay a quarter to have their
beards removed was allayed at the meet
of the Barbers' Union last night. The
journeymen decided that/ to wait fifteen
or twenty minutes to hear a whlte-coateu
tonsorlalist cry "next" was worth a lit
tle something and decided that 15 cents
should be the standard price.
"WHITE HAT" DAN McCARTHY'S HORSE
JUMPS THROUGH TAILOR'S WINDOW
Loses Control of Animal, Demolishes a Quantity of Glass,
and Finally Refuses to Make Good the Damage Be
cause No One Will Advance Money to Meet the Expense
Journeymen Adopt Rates of
Bosses After Stormy
Discussion.
Barbers 'Agree to Per
form Face Cleaning
at Old Rates.
FIFTEEN CENTS
PRICE OF SHAVE
THE SAN FEANCISCO GALL, TUESDAY,; APRIL 23, 1901.
Election Booths Disappearing.
The Election Commissioners received
bids yesterday for fifteen new election
booths to be built of steel. It will be
tomobile the horse don't go trough any->
body's window. I'll pay the j damage
when I get the stuff, and that will end
this episode. That's all there is to it."
McCarthy saved his gold medals and his
white hat, and is ready for another
brush with anything that comes along.
BAN MCCARTHY, popularly
known at "White .Hat McCar
thy." had an excitlns adventure
on Geary street early yesterday
morning. He drove his horse
through the windows of the tailor shop
of A. H. Eehm, at 409 Geary street, and
came near Bearing: into fits the women
employed therein. Tailor Behm was han
dling the "goose" when he saw the horse
coming through the window. He sounded
the alarm, and Miss B. Haundrop, who
was sitting in front of the ¦window, and
her mother, who was a flew feet away,
barely escaped being cut by the flying
glass.
From just what direction McCarthy
came Is not definitely known. Some say
that he came down from Post street along
Mason, and that the horse, smelling a
square meal In the stable at 814 Geary
street, made a dash in that direction. Mc-
Carthy attempted to guide the frightened
animal against a telegraph pole, but
missed the mark and crashed through the
windows of the tailor shop. No one was
injured except the horse, although several
persons had narrow escanes.
The animal plunged clean through the
window, breaking sash and glass. He was
5
t Cured While
You Sleep
In Fifteen Days
~Gr»n-SolTent"dls»olTes Stricture like mow b*.
ceath the inn, reduce* Enlarged Prostate an4
•trengthens the Seminal Ducts, stopping Uralns u«
Emissions In fifteen Days.
No dram to rain the stom»eh, but • direct loeal
•ad posture application to the entire nretbral tract
Gran-Solrent Is not a liquid. It Is prepared t»
the form of Crayons or Pencils, smooth and dtzlU*
tad so narrcw as to pass the closest Strlctum.
Every Man Should Know Himself.
Tbe St. James Assn.. Box £U. Cincinnati. O.. hm
prepared at great expense an exhaust- ¦>¦>>¦-{- 1
! fre Illustrated Treatise upon the male LULL
Kystetn. which ttw»» will sand to any rnrr I
roule applicant. ¦¦!*.*.¦ >,
ST. JAMES ASSN., ""g&Sfcmto.
w BOTTLE CURES
I MCBURNEY'8
A thorough cure for
pains In tho back,
BRIGHT'S DISEASE.
* female troubles, iacoa-
bricfc dim deposits, bed-
wetting of children, gravel, gal] itoaaa,
dropsy, diabetes, and rhenm&tism- \
-FOR SALE AT '
No Percentaee Dro* Co.. S49-351 Market
ft.; Dahlbender Dras Co.. Zli Kearny »t.
Send 25c In 2c stamp* to W. F. McBurney.
41S S. Spring St., Los Angeles. CaL. for ?
days' treatment. Prepaid *1 50. Druggists.
- 4^k Every Woman" ,
iW SS^ttlH MARVEL Whirling Spray
\»OSV««S*S'L tUntund Suction. Ve*t-**t'
VVo?^ i G < nfcsgj3cSw*_ est-Mont Convenient.
If h~ wnnot supply the -SJSFV V 'M' <5 .
MARVEL, accept no t, ' "J-tlfi%Z^
otlier, bnif<?rd stomp for II- >£» M "v&flS
Instrated boot-^»»»4.1t (tiTCS ,V% / . '>/£
fall partlmlars and directions In- W/:., - IM
i-.>~VH—t» button. MARVELCO., V+lfiJWUxJ
503 Mission st.. San Francisco. "^^-^
OR. MEYERS&CO. Jp9% ; ¦•
Specialists. Dls- $3&t V
ease and Weakness ftCp? ¦ >i>__[fgj
lished 1SSL Consul- || j^W,
tation and private v*Ijv I /~*f
book free, at office i4M*I J&j&£Am
or by mall. Cures yJi^?-A4Sr^3t
cuaranteed. T.'tl VSsAS^WyS?
Market street (-=le- A^t*3%£vy
' vator entrance;. >A X 'flT^&BBBK •
San Francisco. *0&*g$Siir~3Sp£S23t»
Cl . a PAT£NTSl 1)
X..J, jt' II II " I II ¦ ll'll Ml— _ _, 1 iJT
¦ t MARKFT :JT. &F >^S^
Weekly •Call.Sl.QO per Year
ADVERTISEMENTS.
\ THE MERGES OF WOMEN J
1 "I am so nervous and wretched." "I feel as if I should I
J fly." How familiar these expressions are! Little things J
annoy you and make you irritable. You can't sleep, you are
unfit for ordinary duties, and are subject to dizziness.
That bearing-down sensation helps to make you feel
.miserable. . .
You have backache and pains low down in the side, pain
I in top of head, later on at the base of the brain.
* Such a condition points unerringly to serious uterine
trouble." {
', If you had written to Mrs. Pinkham when you first ex- I
perienced impaired vitality, you would have been spared a
% these hours of awful suffering. 1
¦ : ; Happiness will be gone out of your life forever, my sister, 8
unless you act promptly. Procure Liydia E. Pinkham's |
Vegetable Compound at once. It is absolutely sure to R
help you. Then write to Mrs. Pinkham, at Lynn, Mass., if I
there is anything about your case you do not understand. <j
You need not be afraid to tell her the thing3 you could jj
not explain to the doctor— your letter i3 seen only by women Jj
and is absolutely confidential. Mrs. Pinkham's vast experi- 1
ence with such troubles enables her to teU you just what is |
, best for you, and she will charge you nothing for her advice. I
Mrs. Valentine Tells of Happy Results Accomplished by a
' Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound. jj
" De^s Mrs. PiNXHAii : — It is with pleasure that 1 1, _,u_»'i<-n.»v_ T* §
I add my testimony to your list, hoping it may induce fljjk, |
others to avail themselves of the benefit of your val- I
uable remedy. Bofore taking Lydia E. Pink- {&[ lills 1
I ham's Vegetable Compound, I felt very bad, Hc^vp**^^ T«»B 3
was terribly nervous and tired, had sick headaches, oKT 1
no appetite, gnawing pain in stomach, pain in my fegw J&JI 0
back and right side, and so weak I could scarcely j \Ilvf 01 ta< \
stand. I was not able to do anything. Had sharp * SpSri ,_ Jf ¦
pains all through my body. Before I had taken half P^* 1
a bottle of 'your medicine, I found myself improv- I
ing. I continued its use until I had taken fonr
bottles, and felt so well that I did not need to '
take any more. I am like a new person, and your Ifplf jf / | V '1 R
medicine shall always have my praise."— Mrs. W. J\ f ¦ * ' ; } J/'
: P. Valentine, 566 Ferry Avenue, Camden, N. J. |IMR5WHVALLNTINL. f
4U £«gk g Ea 1 E 9 BRBb Iw ¦alfi.BC' *k e genuineness of the testimonial letters
ETrS 2 W K S we are consta n-!y publishing, we have
rafeK i r!e S deposited -with the National Ci:y Bank, of Lynn. Mass.. $5,000,
S H 1 i 3l « w kicl> will be paid to any person who can show that the above
vkesi V&&3 leS v( p§f testimonial is not genuine, or was p-jblished before obtaining the 1
TJbfff Vew V2y writer's special permission. — Lydia E. Pissham Mboicxkb CcO I
¥ I i V< J -c/A L ,i jit 4l
t^||L M Mi&ti°®m& sinei Maid! siniie , Vut fM^^'\^A
\^^^^^l *** BephGidfing QOLI3 T^^^^^y^M
•^MJW' \ Washing Pmvd©&* &® Hlhmi* /^TK^^^^l
| Si is 1 1 S (I f you don't use "GOLD DUST"— fill in your name.) 1/ - I \\\ Wljra H
i Mi,Ujl I e Qre S°i n S to ask you if you love work for work's / j / \\ \ \ fiXWvill
M$ r lr '/ / / 6a k- e an(^.' vv^ e^ er a servant, as oapable rs GOLD DUST, jf I \\\ v IWYfll
\ ijifih ill 1 1 ' I "which will take half the work from your shoulders, to its I j / wA r\ vIPl
s BjHh ]' // I own— and who would work without pay — wouldn't be a great a I j Vw\ \w\\^S
\ \ THE N. Ko FAIRBANK COMPANY, \\ '' - V V\\P
WW/lfM M 1 Bosfon ' Philadelphia, Chicago, New York, IWcntrccl. St. Lcuis. | \ \\j|STBEET VIEW IN BATAVIA.
April 22.-The following
Calif ornians nave arrived: St James-
James J. Lycet, Mrs. J. R. Sims W H
Manning, J.Rendigo and son, San Fran
cisco; Frank Savage. Los Angeles Na
tional—W. C. Waters* and wife L H
Waters, R. P. Crillln. Miss K. Davis* Sari
Francisco. Metropolitan— B. J MOore
San Jose. Haleigh-C. K. Bonestell. Mrs'
Fritz Goerl. A. Tashima. Mrs. Gervis Ta
shima., San Francisco. Willard— M. J
Netter, ; San - Francisco. Corcoran— R/ "w*
Osborn and wife, San Francisco.-
CAUFOBNIANS IN WASHINGTON
Tom L. Johnson as a candidate /for the Presidency
may be absurd, but as , he started life as a messenger
boy and has managed to get somewhere, other mes
senger boys might with profit study his example.
Sir Alfred Milner,.*he. British High Commissioner,
has left South Africa and' is going home for a rest,
and before long we may expect to' hear Kitchener
complaining, of the', same tired feeling."
The fact that Aguinaldo has been buying jewels may
be a sign that he intends to' settle down and be good,
but he will never be thoroughly convinced of Ameri
can superiorit}' until somebody induces him to buy a
frold brick.
Twenty-five of the largest soap manufacturing
firms in the country are said to have organized an
. association for managing the market, so now any one
who wishes to wash his hands of all trusts will have
to do it without soap.
Boston is discussing the advisability of 'establishing
a zoological garden in one of her parks, and as San
Francisco is discussing the project of establishing an
aquarium, here is a good chance to see which city has
the greater speed in carrying out a popular movement.
It is said that the Chicago firm that has signed a
contract for raising the Maine in Havana harbor ex
pects to make money by converting the material into
souvenirs. Of course if the demand should exceed
the supply it will be easy to make souvenirs out of
other kinds of junk, so every citizen willing to pay
for it may expect to have something by which to re
member the Maine.
"Have you ever given any thought to
the dangers which threaten this repub
lic?" inquired the apprehensive.
"I don't believe a word of. such talk,"
answered Senator Sorghum. "I rely on
the common sense of the masses. And
nothing will convince me that you can't
keep people from getting obstinate and
voting against you, provided you have
plenty of money and are willing to spend
It."— Washington Star. ;.
"You did. suh." was the reply, "but I
ain't never voted fei you sencel"— Atlanta
Constitution.
"Who married you?" asked the Justice
of a colored citizen, who had been brought
before him for some domestic trouble.
"Why so?"
"You know there Is a rule prohibiting
perishable ¦ things to be transmitted
through the malls." — Tonkers Statesman.
"I have often wondered how they al
lowed so much of it to go through the
poEtoffice."
She — Do you remember what quanti
ties of love you sent me in your letters,
before we were married?
He— Yes; but why throw that In my
face? •
No rose without Its thorn, you'll find.
¦No quiet block without Its singer;
No cloud without its silver line;
No honey bee without its stinger.
— Yonkers Statesman.
CHANCE TO SMILE.
Only a short time ago The Call directed attention
to a report. that the great Metropolitan Opdfa-house
in New York, the most sumptuous home of grand
opera in this country, was about to pass into the hands
of a company that would use it for vaudeville enter
tainments at popular prices. That was but one of the
many signs of the time. All over the United States
the same tendency is observable. Commenting upon
the situation in Boston "the Transcript says: "Actor
after, actor, singer after singer, musician after musi-
The change has been shown by the rapidly increas
ing'scope and prestige of the vaudeville in the field
of dramatic art. The time is not very far back in the
psst.when a vaudeville Was hardly recognized as a'
genuine theater. It occupied a vague ground some
where between Shakespeare and a one-ring circus.
It was a stage where clowns, acrobats, trick dogs and
comic singers were combined to give a variety enter
tainment for people who had no other desire than to
laugh. During the last few years a remarkable devel
opment has taken place. The vaudeville has grown
at the expense of the legitimate drama and of opera,
until to-day some of the foremost actors and singers
of the world do not hesitate to accept. vaudeville en
gagements. With the improved character of the per
formances there has come an improved audience. Not
long ago the vaudeville was something that "society"
did not recognize. At present in several of the larger
cities of the country a y au deville audience includes
many of the most fastidious of theater-goers.
WHILE the public has been discussing the "ele
vation of the stage," and suggestions have been
made again and again of the desirability of es
tablishing an endowed theater for the production of
"legitimate drama," a change has been going on in
the* theatrical world which, if not checked or diverted
from its present course, will leave us in a compara
tively few years with hardly any old-school stage to
be elevated or any legitimate drama to be endowed.
THE VAUDEVILLE STAGE.
We have desired to see this issue closed "as a part
of home; politics, since'its reopening at any time in
the future will be costly in many ways. It is of such
supreme importance as to warrant an amendment of
the constitution, if necessary, to quiet forever any
agitation for statehood.
Therefore, our sovereignty in the Philippines is not
interpreted by us to mean there what it means at home,
and among and over ourselves. A careful reading of
the Filipino general's language clearly discloses that
it contains the germs of future trouble, since it leaves
open to him,.or to any others, the way to interpret
denial of statehood, citizenship and the liberties they
promise as a violation of the promises to which he so
vaguely refers. . v
We believe that statehood has at no time been con
templated, either by Congress or the administration.
Indeed, it is not left at all doubtful, for the administra
tion in its answer to the several suits now before the
Supreme Court has distinctly antagonized the theory
that the constitution follows the flag, and has dis
claimed the belief that Porto Rico and the Philippines
are potential states.
It announces a surrender to irresistible force and
the belief that under '.'the sovereign banner of Lhe
United States the Filipino people will attain all those
promised liberties they are beginning to» enjoy." Until
the' American, and. Filipino people have a common
understanding of those promised liberties it is im
possible to predict permanent results and lasting
peace. We may not be mistaken in saying that it is
not trie intention ofthe American people to admit the
islands as states and their people as equal citizens!
The racial and commercial problems which would
generate in such a policy are too grave for it. to be
feasible. If Aguinaldo intend to hold out to his coun
trymen that statehood and full citizenship are near or
remote his manifesto is full of future mischief and
c.oes not deserve to be taken at high value.
IT may well be that the importance of Aguinaldo's
proclamation remains to be demonstrated. Its best
effects may not be its immediate and present influ
ence. It lacks that spontaneity and frankness which
are based only on the ceitain and absolute.
AGUINALDO'S MANIFESTO.
For. the Europeans, living in these colo
nies,- civil, commercial and criminal law
is administered/ as far as is compatible
with the surroundings, in, accordance with
the laws of the, mother country. For the
Double Judicial Systems.
Again the Dutch " have given evidence
of . great tact in ¦ not following the same
policy in all districts, awaiting their time
and only imposing their authority , when
and where crcumstances have been most
favorable. And it is thus that the great
er part of Java and Madura, in spite of
the dual administration, is under the ab
solute of the Dutch, although
some districts enjoy a certain amount of
independence. In the other possessions,
out- of Java and Madurk, ¦ the - independ
ence of the native . princes is still far
greater and the dominion ¦ of the Dutch
but nominal. ¦
From the time of the English rule the
native princes were styled ""regents"and
the Dutch Governors of the various prov
inces "residents." The princes held their
power by virtue of letters patent from
the sovereign of the Netherlands and be
came in reality . functionaries of the sov
ereign. Though the princes were divested
of their own sovereignty by one fell blow,
the .Dutch were wise enough to respect
scrupulously all their traditions, manners,
laws, customs and usages in all walks of
life. Their titles, marks of. distinction,
sumptuous : manners of living, the ..pomp
and ceremony, and etiquette, of the va
rious courts have always been carefully
preserved and zealously protected, but at
the same time in- each province and by
the side of each regent there is a Dutch
Deputy Governor. This latter function
ary keeps himself quite in the dark and
appears modest and . unassuming, . yet he
is the ruling power and, in order to sat
isfy the native population, he is : known
as the "elder brother" of the prince, for
according to Mohammedan law. . prevalent
in the Dutch East Indies, the elder broth
er has authority over the younger.
Position of Native Princes.
The Governor General, as representative
of the crown, is practically an absolute
monarch. It is auite evident that such
powers, reaching over a population of 35,
000,000, necessitates the creation of a great
corps of functionaries to assist in the ad
ministration. Beyond this centralized
Government, which is- purely Duch and
has its headquarters at Batavia, the capi
tal of the Dutch East Indies, we find
the administration following immediately
on its heels. This is by far the most
interesting feature of the Dutch colonial
system, adopted as far back as the old
days of the Dutch East India Company,
which,' like its successors, gave predomi
nance in all colonial matters to those af
fairs that directly interested the commer
cial and financial side of their enterprise.
The colonial government is divided into
two departments — namely, the home, gov
ernment and the local government; the
latter being subdivided into the European
and native administrations. At home the
supreme colonial power is vested in the
sovereign, at the present moment Queen
Wllhelmlna, but the political responsi
bility of her acts, as iar as colonial mat
ters are concerned, is vested in the Min
ister of the Colonies, the present Minister
being J. T. Cremer, a comparatively
young man and a very able one. All royal
decrees relating to the colonies must be
countersigned by the Minister of the Colo
nies, who is, by. virtue of his responsibil
ity, at liberty to refuse his signature. It
is the Minister, who is responsible to the
States General as well as to the sovereign,
and the latter's administrative and execu
tive power is wholly transferred to the
Governor General of the Dutch East
Indies, to whom all colonial subjects owe
the same respect and obedience as to their
sovereign. This high official is' appointed
by the sovereign upon the recommenda
tion of the cabinet, but the sovereign re
serves the right of calling upon him to re
sign when he thinks such a step neces
sary. .
fact, throughout the Dutch East Indies,
two distinct administrations, the one Eu
ropean with the master hanQ, the other
composed of native princes and based on
the native feudalism. The natives being
thus in contact only with the second ad
ministrative power believe they are sub
ject only to their natural masters, never
realizing for a moment that their own
princes .are but humble subjects of .the
sovereign of the Netherlands. It is, there
fore, in the above dual system that we
'find the true source of the colonial suc
cess of the- Dutch.
It is believed that Sumatra was once the
center of a vast Malay empire, enjoying a
considerable degree of civilization and
practicing the arts and commercial pur
suits. Except for some architectural
ruins, there is now no trace of this an
cient civilization. Although the popula
tion is chiefly composed of Mohammedan
Malays, the inhabitants of Acheen show
a marked difference from those of other
districts. It is these Achinese, who con
stitute an independent kingdom, who have
struggled so effectively against the Dutch
for a period of twenty-nine years ! Thev
number about 600,000 and occupy a tprri
tory of 2200 square miles. It has been Dre
dieted in some quarters that the Dutrh
will never succeed In subjugating th^Vi.
unwilling subjects. .- Students, who havi
observed them closely declare that the
task of pacifying them either by forcp nr
by ¦ persuasion is almost hopeless Thp
ultimate outcome is a matter of 'conjec
ture, but it seems most probable that we™
&, no $/°^ th , e s f k e of the national pres\f|e
The Netherlands Government would havl
been willing long ago to leave the peo^ll
of Acheen to. themselves and thus Snt
the steady loss in llvea and treasure which
*?Z &S5.-. the result of the eff °rt tosib-
QU6 XfKrlTi. / ¦¦. - ...
The Hollanders have not yet succeeded
in conquering the natives of Sumatra, and
the sovereignty of Tha Netherlands over
that Island is only nominal. Sumatra is
really a vast part of the Dutch East In
dian possessions and thirteen times larger
than Holland. The independent popula
tions in the northern districts have re
fused to cede their right to self-govern
ment. The Netherlands Government, in
the frequent conflicts following the year
1873, has learned this to its cost and as a
consequence the remarkable Dutch sys
tem of colonization has never had a fair
trial throughout the island. The Achinese
still remain defiant, but when once con
quered, it Is to be expected that the Dutch
will apply their favorite schemes here as
they have done with such good results in
Java and Madura.
Conditions in Sumatra.
At the present time the greater part of
the trade of Java and Madura is carried
on directly with Holland, but since the
greater commercial liberty established in
1872 the trade with Great Britain has
taken large proportions. England buys
the raw sugar, which she • exchanges for
cotton goods and hardware, while the
United States, France and China have an
important trade with the East Indian
islands. In 1S99 the customs receipts of
Java and Madura were $4,193,330. From the
sale of coffee, salt, sugar, bark and tin
the Government realized in 1900 nearly $50,
000,000, while the expenditures were about
5600,000 more. In 18SS the exports, in addi
tion to the above mentioned items, includ
ing tobacco, indigo, gums and spices, for
Java and Madura alone amounted to $30,
750,000, while the imports amounted to
about $75,000,000.
All this tropical wealth is protected by
an army of 34,000 men, of whom 18,000 are
Europeans, commanded by a lieutenant
general, who ls,commancler-in-chlef of the
colonial forces i and Minister of "War for
the Colonies, and by a navy of eighteen
war .vessels manned by 2225 meh, all of
whom belong to the mother country. Be
sides these war vessels there is a small
fleet of state corvettes that do police duty
along the coasts.
And now we come to the practical part
of this great colonial work of the hardy
little Dutch nation— the trade of Java,
the source of the greatest riches that
have been amassed In Holland.
The Commerce of the Indies.
Oriental "isms" nourish without let or
hindrance and Christian missionaries are
forbidden to attempt proselytism, being
only allowed to minister to Christian com
munities already existing.
From what is now occurring in the older States
California ought to learn a profitable lesson. It is
an easy and an agreeable thing to say that the disas
ters are only added proofs of the superiority of our
climate, and to rejoice that we do not have that kind
of incoming of April and May. There is, however,
something more in th- problem than climate. As
yet our hills and mountiins retain their forests and our
streams have not become wholly torrential. The
waste of forests is. however, going on upon the Pacific
Coast with an alarming rapidity. A few more decades
without adequate protection for our woods and the
story of April and May on this coast will not be unlike
that now coming from the banks of the Ohio.
These disastrous floods over the whole reach of the
well settled parts of the United States are not due
wholly to the weather. To a large extent they are
the outcome of man's folly. All through those States,
from Maine to Ohio, men have cut away or burned
or in other ways wasted the forests that once
slocd upon the hillsides and upon the mountains. In
times past the forests served as natural reservoirs of
the water released by melting snows or the falling
spring rains. Now that they have been destroyed the
Maters rush down the channels of the streams in tor
rential wildncss. floods follow and new losses to farm
rnd to factory are added to the direct losses caused
by the waste of the woods.
Now, as we approach the beginning of May, come
reports of even wilder snd wider floods and more
extensive losses from a!l the region extending from
Western Pennsylvania lo Western Ohio. The streams
rre running in roaring torrents down from the moun
tains and the hills and even such large rivers as the
Ohio are not able to carry off the water rapidly
enough to prevent disaster. In fact, the Ohio is at
iSood height. The swollen and still swelling waters
*re pressing against the tops of the levees, and so nenr
rrd imminent is the danger that the passing of steam-'
boats threatens to ad-1 just the final pressure of force
reeded to send the waves, over the banks. The watch
ful residents along the river perceive the danger, and
we learn from the dispatches that. in their desperation
they have several times fired upon passing steamers
as a warning to them not to come near the shore.
AT the beginning of April reports came from
New England of storms of wind and rain ex
tending from Maine to Connecticut. All the
streams and rivers rose to flood height; many bridges
were carried away. In several of the manufacturing
towns the mills were flooded and work stopped for
a number of days. The damage was not great in any
one locality, but in the aggregate it amounted to a
vast sum, and not a fev lives were lost, so that the
arrival of spring in that section of the Union was not
an occasion for festivity.
THE EASTERN SPRINGTIME.
MINERAL ON SCHOOL LAND—Sub
scriber, Cal. This correspondent writes:
"A man holds a piece of State school land
on which 20 per cent has been paid and
the deed is recorded. A man, not the one
holding the deed, flnd3 gold-bearing quartz
on the land. Can he take up a claim upon
it?" The rule Is settled that mineral lands
are exempt from the grants of school
lands to the State. Consequently If min
erals should be embraced in any of the
school lands the title does not pass to the
State (Llndley on Mines, 136. A standard
work on mines). In pursuance of this rule
It was held In Mining Company vs. Con
solidated Mining Company, 102 U. S., 167,
where there was a controversy, one claim
ing under a patent of school land from the
State and one claiming the same property
under the mining laws of the United
States, that the title of the State claimant
must yield, as the mineral portion never
vested in the State. This case was fol
lowed In Hermocilla vs. Hubbell, 89 Cal..
5. It would seem from this that a party
can take up a mineral claim under the
laws of the United States on school lands,
even though the land has been sold by the
State.
Montreal? 216,650; Toronto, 181,23); Quebec,
63,080; Hamilton, 48.9S0; Ottawa, 44,154: 9t.
John 39.179: Halifax, 38,556: London. 31.977;
¦Winnipeg, 25,642; Kingston, 19,284: Victoria. F.
C. 16,841; Vancouver. B. C, 13,685; St. Henri.
13.413; Brantford. 12.753; Charlottetown. 11,374;
Hull, 11,265; Guelph, 10,639; St. Thomas. 10,370;
Windsor 10,322: Sherbrooke, 10.110: Belleville.
9914: Peterboro, 9717; Stratford, 9301; St. Cune
gonde. 9293: St. Catharines, 9170; Chatham. Ont..
9052- Brcckville, 8793; Moncton. 8763; Woodstock,
Ont., 8612: Trois Rivieres, 8334; Oalt, 7335; Owen
Sound 7497; Berlin. 7423: Levis. 7301: St. Hya
clnthe, 7016; Cornwe.ll. 6805; Sarnta. 6693; Sorel.
6669; New Westminster, 6641; .Frederlcton, 8502:
Dartmouth N. S., 6249; Yarmouth, 6089; Llnd- *
say, 6081; Barrie, 5350; Valleyfleld, 5316; Truro,
5102; Port Hope. 5042.
CANADIAN CENSUS— S. J. K.. Le
moore, Cal. The figures of the census of
the Dominion of Canada have not yet
been given out, nor is there any estimate
of the population. The 'atest figures are
those of the census of 1891:
HAWAIIAN RAILROADS— S.. Newark.
Cal. The railroads of the Hawaiian
Islands are: The Hilo road, which was in
corporated March 28. 1839. and which on
June 1, 1900, had cars running seven miles
from Hilo to Olaa Mills, fourteen miles of
track laid and twentv-three graded, and
a road that is to run from Hilo to the port
of Mahukona, in the Kohaln. district. Th-3
company obtained a franchise in June,
1899, but by the 1st cf last January the
road was not started. The Cooper Broth
ers, formerly in the sugar business. hav.»
a scheme for a rallroaa that will connect
all the sugar plantations of the Kau and
Kona districts. It is proposed to starz
the road at Pahala. . .
BRITISH AND CHINESE— E. A- C.
City. To address a communication to the
first secretary of the British or Chinese
Legations at Washington, D. C. write
"Mr. G. A. Lowther. First Secretary.
British Legation, "Washington. I>. C," or
"Mr. Shen Tung. First Secretary, Chinese
Legation," etc. The office of the British
Consulate in San Francisco is at 506 Bat
tery street and that of the Chinese Consul
is at SC6 Stockton street.
CONDOLENCE— Subscriber. City. If
you desire to acknowledge cards of condo
lence on the receipt ol floral pieces you
should do so as your judgment dictates.
There is no set rule governing such mat
ters.
should not feel disappointed.
sent to this department are sent In as soon as
obtained and they appear in print In the order
that they are turned In. as space will permit.
Questions are easily asked, but answers are
not easily obtained In every Instance, so If
correspondents do not see the answer two or
three days after they send Jn the query they
ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
TO CORRESPONDENTS.— Answers to queries
CALIFOBNIANS Iff NEW YOBK.
NEW TORK. April 22.— The following
Calif ornians are in New York: From San
Francisco— R. Chrlstensen, at Cosmopoli
tan: Mra. M. Frank, .at Ashland; Mrs. H.
Grant at St. Nicholas; A. Gaentzch. at
Holland: Mrs. M. S. Griffith, at Park Ave
nue; S. M. Herman, at Rossmore; F. Hyl
ton, at Broadway Central; Mrs. H. Ker
slng. at Gilscy; D. McClure, at Grand
Union; Miss A. Susman. at Gilsev: H.
Brune, at Belvedere; T. B. Phely. at Gil
xey. From Los Angeles— S. B. Orden.
Miss Barzeta, at Manhattan. From San
Jose— B. J. Moore, at Holland.
The decisions have occasioned a good deal of at
tention in the Eastern ' States, where there are living
a large number of people who have obtained divorces
in States other than those in which they had a matri
monial domicile. The effect will, of course, be to put
a check upon that method of getting divorce, and
accordingly that particular problem may be said to
have been settled. • .
In the third case both the wife and the husband
lived in Kentucky for a time, but the wife left the
home and went to New York to" reside. The husband
sought and obtained a divorce in Kentucky. The
Supreme Court held that to be a valid divorce, be
cause the proceedings were taken in a State where
both, parties had a matrimonial domicile up to the
period of desertion.
According to the reports from Washington the Su
preme Court in deciding the cases declared "that
decrees of divorce granted anywhere except in the
matrimonial domicile o£»the parties concerned are not
entitled to faith and credit in the courts of any jurisdic
tion other than that in which the dissolution of the
marriage bond was obtained." By the phrase "matr
rimonial domicile" i? meant a place of residence where
the parties to an action in divorce have lived together
as husband and wife and with the intention to make
the same their home. A domicile acquired in a new
jurisdiction by either husband or wife alone will not
satisfy the conditions required to validate a divorce
outside of that jurisdiction. .
In two of the cases— cne from New York aifd one
from New Jersey — the question involved the validity,
of divorces granted in Dakota when only one of the
parties to the divorce was a resident of that State.
It appears that in one case the husband and in the
other the wife left home and went to Dakota, where,
after living long' enough to attain a legal residence, a
divorce was obtained. On returning to their former
homes the parties found that the courts of New York
and New Jersey would not recognize ' the Dakota
divorce, and accordingly an appeal was taken to the
Supreme Court of the United States on tlje ground
that the action of the State tribunals was unconstitu
tional, inasmuch as they refused to accept properly
authenticated decrees of the courts of other States
as legal evidence of divorcement. ..
'It now appears thai something may be accomplished
in the way of bringing, order put of chaos by the
Supreme Court of the United States. That tribunal
has recently given decisions in three divorce cases
which not only serve to settle some disputed points
growing out of the varying laws of the different States,
but may prove to be precedents out of which will
develop further decisions so far reaching in their effect
as to virtually provide something' like uniformity of
divorce and marriage in all the States.
THE PROBLEM. OF DIVORCE.
|— J OR a long time p?st there has been an agitation
J for the establishment of something like uniform
laws governing marriage and divorce throughout
the United States. The efforts of the reformers have
been to induce one State after another to enact such
laws in accord with a system agreed upon. From the
very nature of things their efforts have been fruitless
of any result further than that of making known the
evils of the present condition of affairs, and the out
look of the (movement, for reform has never been
bright enough to encourage practical legislators to de
vote much of their time and energy to the cause. .
natives, justice is dispensed according to
their own institutions, customs and relig
ious obligations in so far as these har
monize with the acknowledged universal
principles of justice. Discretion is given
to the Judge to decide what religion . or
custom shall arovern each particular case
and when we Take into consideration how
vast are' the eastern possessions of the
little Dutch kingdom, how great are the
varieties of race, of local customs, of re
ligious and social obligations, some Idea
can be formed of the extent of this dis
cretionary power. In 1873 the European
criminal code was applied to all the in
habitants of the Dutch possessions, with
the onlr difference that whereas the Eu
ropeans are punished by imprisonment the
natives are punished by forced labor with
or without chains. The system of tri
bunals and of court precedure of Euro
peans is similar in all its decrees to the
courts of Holland.
In the vital question of education, the
rock-foundation of the future, the Dutch
have put their principles of colonization
severely.to the test. In this, as in all other
matters, their determination not to inter
fere with the traditions of the natives has
been the guiding rule, and so the scnoois
are conducted in the native tongue. "One
of the most tactful measures," says an
authority on the subject, "employed by
the Dutch to appease the natives and ease
the burden of Dutch dominion, which the
Dutch ever seek to conceal, is the use of
the native languages in all their relations
and Intercourse with the natives."
Nearly all colonies founded by the great
nations, both in modern as well as in an
cient times, the conquering nation has
forced its language upon the conquered
people, but the Dutch' have found it far
more practical, far more to their advant
age, to learn the languages of the various
races they govern. As an example of this
it may be mentioned that Queen Wllhelm-
Ina is now studying Javanese with great
assiduity. j
As to the religion of the colonies, the
Dutch have refrained from interfering in
any way with the native beliefs. Moham
medanism, Buddhism and all the other
By Harry Tuiolc Sherman.
SERIES UNDER THE SUPERVISION OF PROFESSOR JOHN H. FINLEY OF
PRINCETON UNIVERSITY.
- (GOPYRIGHT, 1901.)
X.— THE DUTCH EAST INDIES.
- In the annals of successful colonization
the small Dutch nation ranks next to
Great Britain. With a population scarcely
larger than that of the city of London she
has planted her standard in a vast region
sixty-five times greater than that of her
own little land of dikes and windmills and
has maintained her sovereignty over 35,
000,000 people en the other side of the
globe. Her tatik has been so. great, so
fraught with difficulties that Dutch colo
nization has become a veritable science.
These colonies have always been admin
istered as conquered possessions, their
government has been autocratic and the
inhabitants have never had a voice In the
form or manner of government to which
they are subjected. Such is the real rela
tionship between theDutch colonizers and
those over whom they rule, 'but the secret
of this policy, so cunning on the part of
the Dutch, consists in covering, over this
unpleasant truth so successfully that the
natives believe themselves subject only to
their natural chiefs, to their own princes
and their national feudalism. In brief, the
Dutch ruler hides the mailed fist beneath
a silken glove by abstaining from all at
tempt at presolytism, moral or religious,
and by paying a scrupulous respect to the
customs and rites of the natives. The sys
tem of rule is really one of absolute sub
jection, in which the power at home im
poses upon the colonies, without Consult
ing them, whatever legislation it thinks
the most in its own interest, while the
colonies themselves are represented neith
er in Parliament nor in the Government
councils.
A Dual System of Government.
Contrary to the French, who have al
ways endeavored to force upon the na
tives whom they govern French manners
and customs and- to make their presence
and their authority felt, the Dutch have
made their presence as little perceptible
and unoffending as possible by establish
ing a dual administration. There are, in
How Holland Has Raised a Colonial Empire
Sixty-Five Times Larger Than
the Home Country.
Prepared -by Experts and Specialists for
The San Francisco Call
PAPERS ON CURRENT TOPICS.
In estimating the economy of a municipal water
supply, the expense of which has to be borne by all
the taxpayers, it is not habitual with the advocates of
such policy to consider all the items, or to remember
that the entire cost must be divided between all tax
payers and added to the rate paid for the water which
each consumes and pays for. A municipal plant pays
no taxes, therefore the share which it should bear has
to be borne by other property, and is added to the
ratepayer's burdens. To put a municipal plant in
condition for comparison with one in private or cor
porate ownership, it must be charged with the taxes
which the private plant would pay, and with interest
on' the cost of the plant. It must also be made equal
to the private plant by using the same filtering and
other devices to make the water safe and potable.
AsvAve have shown in the case of Chicago, Washing
ton, Philadelphia, New York and Boston the quality
of the supply is bad and is not bettered by the methods
which public authority compels the private plants to
use. If those methods are adopted in a public supply
their cost and the interest thereori must be paid by
the people, either in an increased price for the water
or in taxation. When all these elements are taken into
the calculation a comparison of cost between the two
methods of supply can be made and not before.
It is probable that an expert inquiry made into the
water administration of Chicago, Philadelphia and
Boston .will expose a similar deficiency .in, revenues^,
and a like offset of .cost to the taxpayer, to balance
apparent economy to the. same taxpayer. as a water
consumer. .
What Mill called "the coarse and careless hand of
government," forced into the transaction of such es
sentially business affairs as public service industries,
is too apt to present a sheet with the balance on the
wrong side.
When this report was submitted-the Merchants' As
sociation passed the following resolution of indorse
ment: "Resolved, That the report showing discrepan
cies in the city revenues, dated November 21, 1900,
•^ade *o this board by Mr/ de Berard by direction of
President King, be accepted and at once made public."
In his conclusion the expert, says: "I have cited the
facts as set" forth as evidence that the present system
of public records and reports in use in this city is
insufficient, because it does not record or report the
details of this city's business in such form as to pro
tect the taxpayers against waste and corruption. The
admission of the Commissioner of Water Supply is that
the system under which the business of his department
is carried on does not inform him what the proper
water revenues of the city should be, and that he can
not, therefore, know whether the meter service of
Manhattan should yield $2,500,000 or $5,000,000 per
year. It is obvious that the task of fully collecting the
city's revenue is a difficult one when the official
charged with that duty does not know how much is
due and who owes it."
Taking the metered water as the basis of his investi
gation the expert made an exhaustive inquiry. He
found the water administration and the books and
records in a hopeless condition of confusion, out of
which it was scarcely possible to ascertain the loss to
the taxpayers from a , careless system of collection.
He found that the revenue from metered water should
have been $11,246,162, but that the collections made
and arrearages reported by the Water Registrar
amounted to only $7,10.3.372, leaving a loss to the tax
payers of $4,142,700. t
He found that since 1891 no report of the metered
water and collections has been made at all, and that
the city loses one-third of the amount which it should
collect for such water.
Supervisor Reed, in his interesting communication
on that subject, quotes the statistics of the Merchants'
Association of New York, and shows that municipal
water is cheaper per family than corporate water sup
ply by an average of two and a half cents per day per
family. As the argument of economy to the consumer
is justly potent it becomes necessary to examine the
methods of administration and collection. A munici
pal supply is at the cost of all the taxpayers, as a cor
porate supply is at the cost of all the stockholders of
the corporation. If the corporation is lax in its ad
ministration and its collections the amount apparently
saved by the ratepayers is a loss to the stockholders.
Also, if municipal ownership is careless in administra
tion and collection from the consumers, the loss falls
upon the taxpayers, and in their case reduces the ap
parent saving of two and a half cents per day per
family. If the taxpaying head of a family save two
and a half cents per day on his water bill, and pay out
that amount or any part of it in taxes necessary to pay
the cost of the water supply," the loss in taxes becomes
a part of his water bill. The same Merchants' Asso
ciation quoted by Supervisor Reed instituted an expert
inquiry into the loss to the taxpayers of New York
due to defective administration of the municipal water
supply.
WHEN discussing such an interesting question
as the municipal ownership of public service in
dustries it is necessary to argue from the full
data at hand.
MUNICIPAL WATER ADVOCATES.
E. M. Shelton of Seattle, a director of
the Montezuma Mining Company, which
has large copper interests In the Tahoma
and Carbon river districts of Washington,
is at the Lick. • Ho reports great activity
in mining affairs in his State, with pro
digious development assured the comlns
suici&er.
J. M. "Wilmans, an extensive rancher
and landowner of Newman, Is a guest at
the Occidental.
J. J. Mooney of Vlsalia Is a guest at
tho Lick.
Charles. J. Wilcox of Vlsalia Is regis
tered at the Lick.
J. G. McKcnny, a merchant of Los An
geles, Is at the Palace.
Charles Francee, a furniture dealer of
Salinas. Is at the Grand.
Lewis T. "Wright, a mining man of Shas
ta County, la at the Palace.
H. I* Kenyon, an oil man of Bakers
field, Is a guest at the Lick.
C. "\V. Eastln, a Modesto attorney, regis
tered at the Grand yesterday.
B M Lombard, an Insurance man of
Portland, Or., is at the Palace.
John T>. "Works, an attorney of Los An
geles. Is a guest at the Palace.
"W. H. McCllntock, a mining man of
Sonera, is staying at the Lick.
L. Shane, a merchant of Sacramento, Is
spending a. few days at the Palace.
H. B. McElroy, a mining man of Olym
pia, "Wash., Is a guest at the Palace.
H. R. "Warner, one of the managers of
Highland Springs, is a guest at the Grand.
PERSONAL MENTION.
It is too early to undertake to forecast what will
he the result of the new development, or the effect
which' the change will have upon our acting and our
music. It is evident, however, that the United States
is building up a new form of. theatrical entertainment.
It will doubtless continue to bear the old' name of
vaudeville,' but it will_ be something widely different
from what that name signifies in Europe. It is going
to include the highest acting and the best of music,
for American audiences will demand the best; and in
the end the development may prove to be something
the nation may be proud to point to as its achievement
in the line of theatrical art/
cian, has renounced his conventional dignity as a
'legitimate' performer, and has consented to serve the
whims and caprices of vaudeville patrons. Ingoing
so the artists have all btiilded' better than they knew,
for the circle of variety theater-goers has been grad
ually widened under their influence^ until it practically
includes all to whom the footlights make their ap
peal." .
iTHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, A FRIL 23, 1901.
TUESDAY. .APRIL 23, 1901
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Addren All Communication* ts W. 6. LEAEE. Manager.
MA\AGEIl'$ OFFICE Telephone Pre«« 2O4
PUBLICATION OFFICE. ..Market and Third, S. F.
Telephone Prens 201.
r.niTOUML ROOMS 2tT to 221 Stevenson St.
Telephone Press 2O2.
Delivered by Carrier". 15 Cents Per Weelt
'¦ Single Copies. 5 Cent*.
Terms by Mali. Inclnelinsr Postaicei. ... T
1AIL.T CALL (Including- Sunday), one year $8.00
DAIL.T CALL Oncluaing Bunday). 6 months 3.00
DAILY CALL. (Including Bunday). t months 1.60
DAILY CALL— By Eftigle Month 65c
WEEKLY CALL. One Year / *•«>
All poitmantera are authorized to receive
¦ nbscrlptfon*.
Cample copies will be forwarded when requested.
Mali subscribers In ordering Chan** of address should be
particular to frive both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS In order
to Insure a prompt and correct compliance with their request.
OAKLAND OFFICE 1118 Broadway
C. GEORGE KROGXESS.
Kanager Foreign Advertising:, Kargnetta Building. Chiciga.
(Long Distance Telephone "Central 2619.")
ICKW TORK REPRESENTATIVE:
C. C. CARLTOX Herald Square
TCEW TORK REPRESENTATIVES
STEPHEN B. S3IITH 3O Tribune Building:
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
•Waldorf-Astoria Hotel; A. Brentano. El Union Square:
Murrey Hill Hotel.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Sherman House; P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel;
FVemont House; Auditorium Hotel.
WASHINGTON <T». C> OFFICE. . . . 14OC G St., 3T. W.
MOnTOS E. CRANE. Correspondent.
nn \ \CI1 OFFICES— S27 Montgomery, corner of Clay, open
until 9:30 oVlock. 300 Hayes, open until 8:30 o'clock. «33
MrAIlIMer. open until 9:20 o'clock. 615 Larkln. open until
f SO o'clock. lf>41 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 2261 Market,
corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock. 1096 Valencia, open
urtll 9 o'clock. 106 Eleventh, open until 9 o'clock. NW. Cor
ner Tn-er.ty-<=econd nnd Kentucky, open until 9 o'clock.
6
- Angostura Bitters are a South Americas prod-
uct. Dr. Slegert's the only genuine. Beware of
the poisonous domestic substitute and Imitation.
Dr. Sanf ord's Liver Invigorator.
Best Liver Medicine. VegetableCure for Liver Ills.
Bilicusness. Indigestion. Constipation. Malaria. *
The average woman goes to the mar-
riage altar with a lingering fear that sho
will either have no children at all or elsa
too many. ,
Special Information supplied dally to
business houses and public " men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont-
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
Townsend's California glace fruits, 50c a
pound. In fire-etched boxes or Jap bas-
kets. 639 Market. Palace Hotel building.*
Cal. glace fruit 50c per 1b at Townsend*».f
Choice candles, Townsend!s. Palace Hotel*
k
California— "Thp Evil Eye."
Central— "A Fair Rebel."
Tlvoll— "The Idol's Eye."
Orjiheum— Vaudevill*.
Alcazar— "The Conquerors."
Grand Opera-house— "Under Two Flags."
Olympla. corner Mason and Eddy streets— Specialties.
Chutes. Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
and evening.
Fischer' s— Vaudeville.
Tanforan Park— Races.
AMUSEMENTS.
Cull ftnbocribers contemplating- a chance of
re*i«lezice dnrlnsr the nnmiuer month* can harn
their paper forvrarded by mall to their new
addresses by notifying The Call BaslneH Office.
Tnl* p&ftcr Trill also be on aale at all inmmrr
resorts and Is represented by a local asrent la
mil towus on the coast.
TO SUBSCRIBERS LEAYING TOWN FOR THE SUMMER.TO ARRIVK.
TO SAIL.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
Shippings Merchants.
The Paul Isenbers will load wheat. at Port
land for Europe. 38s 9d, prior to arrival; the
Defiance, lumber at Tacoma for Honolulu.
A Cargx> for British Columbia.
The steamer Um&tilla, which sailed Sunday
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
MANY vessels of the coasting fleet
are making long passages and
it is feared that some of them
may have run short of provi
sions if nothing worse has nap
pened. One vessel is almost given up for
lost and the owners would be glad to hear
from a number of others.
The old barkentine Monitor is now out
thirty days from Qrays Harbor for San
Francisco and her owners have almost
given up hope of ever seeing her again.
Before leaving San Francisco on her last
voyage the Monitor was put on the ways
and overhauled. At that time an expert
on hulls said to Captain Donnelly, "If you
should meet with any heavy weather for
God's sake handle her easy." "That's all
right," answered the master, "when it
comes on to blow I'll put her to sleep."
The Monitor and schooner Lettitia left
Grays Harbor In company on March 24
last. The Lettitia made the run down the
coast in six days and has been overhauled
and is ready to start back again, while
the Monitor has not been heard irom
since the Lettitia parted company with
her on March 26. Captain Donnelly was
accompanied by his . wife on this la^t
voyage. '
Of the schooner fleet the Bella- is out
twenty days from San Francisco JuJr Sius
law the Mayflower twenty days for Co
quille, the Lizzie Prien is twenty-four
days out for Siuslaw and the Park
ersburg twenty-four days for Coquille,
while the Nettie Sundborg is sixteen days
and the Wing and Wing twenty-one days
out for Siuslaw. As the Coquille River
is only 360 miles and Siuslaw about 500
miles from here the entire fleet should
have been at its destination long ago.
Both places, however, are very hard to
enter. The bars are bad and if there }s
any heavy weather a vessel has to lie
off and wait for a chance to get in. When
they do get in they very frequently have
to wait for weeks for a chance to get out
again. If they have plenty of provisions
the chances are that the fleet is all right.
CITY OF FUEBI^a. IN COMMISSION
Innovated Puget Sound Liner Now
the Pride of the Fleet.
The Pacific Coast Steamship Com
pany's City of Puebla arrived from Puget
Sound ports yesterday on her maiden trip
since she was overhauled. The Puebla
was sent to Seattle to be repaired. New
boilers were put in, the machinery was
overhauled, bilge-keels to steady the ves
sel were put on and other work done at a
cost of over $100,000. On her trial on the
Sound the Puebla made over eighteen
knots an hour. On the trip down she aver
aged fifteen and a half knots and Captain
Jepeen is of the opinion that she can
easily make sixteen knots an hour on a
continuous run.
Th* State ot California, which took the
Puebla's place on the Sound run, will be
put on the Seattle-Skaguay route so that
she will not be seen in San Francisco
again for some time to come.
News From the Overdues.
It now appears that there was good rea
son for the reinsurance on the British
ship Ardnamurchan. When the news came
that salmon which was supposed to have
been on the vessel had gone ashore on the
Washington coast the underwriter" at
once began covering their risks. The rate
on the vessel went up and down the scale
and when she finally reached port 50 per
cent was the prevailing figure. A cable
received yesterday by the Merchants' Ex
change says that on December 17 last, oft
the Washington coast the Ardnamurchan
was on her beam ends for several hours
and that 5000 cases of salmon had to be
jettisoned in order to save the vessel.
When the news came that the vessel was
safe it was generally supposed that the
salmon washed ashore was not from the
Ardnamurchan. The cable shows that *:he
first impression was the correct one.
The French bark Grande Duchesse Olga,
now out 109 days from Tahiti for EuroDe
and on which 30 per cent reinsurance has
been paid, was spoken on April 11 in lati
tude 39 degrees 12 minutes north, longi
tude 34 degrees 52 minutes west. The Olga
left here with a cargo of wheat and put
into Tahiti dismasted. New spars were
sent out from France and another start
was made.
On the John McDonald, now out 217
days from Baltimore for San Francisco,
85 per cent is being paid and on the Man
chester, 243 days out from New York for
Yokohama, 60 per cent is the ruling
figure.
Water Front Notes.
The steamer George F. Haller with the
cannery tender Mohawk in tow, sailed for
Bristol Bay Sunday, but both were com
pelled to put back to port on account of
the Mohawk springing a leak.
The majority of the sugar fleet has ar
rived after long passages. The best run
for this month is that of the Roderick
Dhu, sixteen days from Hilo. She was
followed in yesterday by the barkentine
Addenda, twenty-four days from Kihei.
and the schooner S. T. Alexander, twenty
three days from Kahului.
The Pacific Mail Company will lay the
Cotan up for repairs and the San Juan
wifflake her place on the Panama run.
Tne Oceanic Steamship Company's Aus
tralia will sail for Tahiti Thursday, April
25. at 2 p. m.
The transport Grant will leave for
Manila next Thursday and will be fol
lowed by the Warren on May 1.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived prior to .April 22—
MAZATLAN— Sailed April 20— Stmr Curacao
for San . Francisco.
ACAPULCO— Sailed April 19— Stmr City of
Sydney, for Panama.
ANTWERP— Arrived April 18— Fr bark Fer
vaal, hence Nov 14; Br ship James Kerr, hence
Nov 29. .
SALOMO— Arrived April 14— Br stmr Kalsow.
from Oreson. ' •».
HULL— Sailed April IS— Br ship Penthesiles,
for - San Francisco. . » . .
SANTA ROSALIA— In port April 17— Br ships
Clan Graham and Clan Galbraith; schr Repeat
hence March 2fi; schr Nokoznis. from Grays
To sail April 20— Br ship Clan Galbraith.
LIMA— Arrived— Stmr American, from Hilo,
for Philadelphia, for coal, and proceeded
April 20.
ANTWERP— Arrived April 19— Br ehip Dec
can, from Oreson.
BIRKENHE AD— Arrived April 19— Br ship
Lauriston, hence Nov 9. • ,
VALPARAISO— Arrived March 15— Ger stmr
Theben; from Hamburg, for Guayaquil.- ¦
CUXHAVEN— Passed April 18— Br ship Falk
andband, from Hamburg, for .
FOREIGN PORTS.
HONOLULU— Arrived April tt— Bktn En
core, from Newcastle, Aus, and Lahaina.
ISLAND PORTS.
POINT LOLtOS— Passed April 22, at 11:30 a
m, stmr Pasadena, from San Pedro, for Til
lamook.
SEATTLE— Arrived Acrll . 21— Stmr Victor-
Ian, from Dyea; stmr Farallon, from Dyea;
schr Challenger, hence April 4; stmr Macki
naw, hence April 1?.
GRAYS HARBOR- Arrived April 21-Schr C
S HolmtH, hence April .12; schr Guide, hence
April 12: echr W F Wltz«mann, from San
Pedro.
Arrived April 21— Stmr Coquille River, hence
April 18.
EUREKA— Arrived April 22— Stmr Eureka,
hence Auril 21; schr La Glronde, hence April
13: fchr Lottie Carson, from San Pedro; schr
J O Wall, hence April 5; stmr San Pedro, hnc
April 21.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived April 22— Schr
Ruth E Godfrey, from Tocopilla; BChr Fred E
Sander, from San Pedro.
PORT BLAKELEY— Arrived April 22— Schr
Ludlow, from San Pedro. ,
TACOMA — Arrived Anrll 21 — Schr Defiance,
from Honolulu; schr Glendale, from Port
Townsend; ship Jabez Howes, from Hono
lulu.
Sailed April 22— Stmr Czarina, for San Fran
cisco.
Sailed April 22— Ger Bhip Marsraretha, for
Queenstown; schrs Charles E Falk and Charles
E Moody, for San Francisco.
FORT BRAGG— Sailed April 22— Stmr Na
tional City, for San Francisco.
Arrived April 22— Stmr Sequoia, hence Apr 21.
SAN DIEGO— Sailed April 22— Br stmr Mil
ton, for Nanalmo. . ,
SAN PEDRO— Arrived April 20— Schr Meteor,
from Port Blakeley.
TIKLAMOOK-Sailed April 21-Stmr W H
Kruser, for San Pedro.
Arrived April 21— Stmr Acme, hence April 19.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
POINT LOBOS, April 22, 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind NW; velocity 32 miles per hour. ¦
TELEGRAPHIC.
April IS, lat 44 N, Ion 11 W— Br ship Red
Rock, from Liverpool, for Vancouver.
April 11. lat 39 12 N, Ion 34 52 W— Fr bark
Grande Duchess Olga, hence April 30, for
Queenstown.
SPOKEN.
Monday, April 22.
Stmr Geo K Haller, Ilaaven, hence April
21 for Bristol Bay, with stmr Mohawk in tow,
on account of Mohawk springing a leak 20
miles NW of Point Reyes.
RETURNED.
Monday, April 22.
Stmr Brunswick, Andresen, San Pedro. .
Stmr Matteawan. Crosscup, Tacoma.
Stmr Del Norte, Allen. .
Stmr Robert Dollar, Ellefsen, .
Br stmr Bristol, Mclntyre, Chemainus.
Schr Volant, Halveson, Port Gamble.
SAILED.
Monday, April 22.
Stmr Columbia, Doran, Astoria; Oregon Rail
road and Nav Co.
Stmr Bonita, Nopander, San Pedro; Goodall,
CLEARED.
Monday, April 22.
Stmr Argo, Hughes, 52 hours from Coquille
River.
Stmr Brunswick, Andreaen, 22 hours from
Kureka; bound south; put in to land pas
sengers.
Stmr Ruth, Higglns, 23 hours from Eureka.
Stmr Bonita, Nopander, 70 hours from New
port.
Stmr Crescent City, Payne, 33 hours from
Crescent City.
Stmr Scotia, Walvig, 18 hours from Rock
port.
Bark Roderick Dhu, Johnson, 16 days from
Hllo.
Bktn Addenda, Perry, 24 days from Kehei.
Schr Bender Brothers, Wetzel, 15 hours from
Mendocino.
Schr S T Alexander, Ipsen, 23 days from
Kahului.
Schr Melancthon, Olsen, 4 days from Coos
Bay.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED
"Willapa Bay, Washington, page 65. North
end of Sand Island buoy No. -4, a red, first
class nun. reported April 8, 1901, as having
goiie adrift from its position, was replaced on
its station close to the west side of the spit
on April 17. 19C1.
Strait of Juan de Fuca. Washington, page
71. Point "Wilson buoy No. 6, a red, flrst
class nun, is reported April 19, 1901. as having
gone adrift .from " -ts position oft the -foul
ground off Point Wilson. It will be replaced
on its station as early as • practicable. : . ..
¦By order of the Lighthouse Board. .-=> -' ; ¦
W. P. DAT.
Commander, U. S. N., Lighthouse Inspector.
Office of Inspector Thirteenth Lighthouse Dis
trict, Portland. Or., April 20, 1901.
Notice is hereby given of the ' following
changes in the aids to navigation in this dis
trict which affect the "List of Beacons and
Buoys, Pacific Coast, 1901":
Notice to Mariners.
for Victoria, carried merchandise for British
Columbia valued at $15,398, including the fol
lowing: 14 cs arms and ammunition, 55 pkgs
4266 lbs butter, 1480 Ris bread, 900 lbs beans,
2140 lbs chocolate, 3316 lbs coffee, 532 cs canned
goods, 22,730 tbB dried fruit, 84 pkgs groceries
and provisions, 40 bbls flour, 272 pkgs fruit,
20 cs honey, 62 bars iron, 49,945 lbs malt, 3790
lbs millstuffs. 12 bbls 2 cs oil, 471 bxs paste,
2 flasks quicksilver, 7505 fbs raisins, 84 pes
eteel, 35 pkgs stoves, 20 steel' beams, 687 lbs
tea, 66 bales twine, "US pkgs vegetables, 3 crs
wagon material, • 955 sals wine. In addition to
above there were S1S,3SO tbs sugar in transit
to Vancouver valued at $7000. • ¦
Stmr Carlisle City, from San Francisco and
San Diego, for Hongkong; not before. . • •¦
HONGKONG. April 22— Reoorted arrival of
stmr City of Peking, from San Francisco, etc,
prior to April 20 was erroneous.
LIVERPOOL—Arrived April 22— Stmr Servia,
from New^York, via Queenstown. .
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey —
Times and Heights- of High and Low
"Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
, thorlty of the Superintendent.
'NOTE — The high • and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
Steamer Movements.
NOTE— In the above ' exposition of the tfdes
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of tHe
day in the order of occurrence as to time of
day; the third time column gives the last tide
of the day, except when there are but • three
tide*, as sometimes occurs. The heights given
are in addition to the soundings on the United
States Coast Survey Charts, except when a
minus (— ) siffn precedes the height, and then
the number given is subtracted from the depth
given by the charts. The plane of reference
is the mean of the lower low waters.
LIVES AND WAYS
OF WILD ONES
Ernest Seton Thompson
Talks of Animals He
Has Known.
Tells of Old Beasts Made
Famous and Beloved
by His i Books. '
Ernest Seton-Thompson, whose storie3
of wild animals have charmed old and
young, was heard for the first time on
the lecture platform in this city at Met
ropolitan Temple yesterday afternoon.
Delays and complications kept the audi
ence waiting for more than half an hour,
but no one grumbled and all earned thi
compliment "William Greer Harrison paid
to their • patience. Mr. Harrison intro
duced Mr. Seton, for Seton is his name
and Thompson his nom de plume, in a
neat speech," which he strung out* until
the stereopticon had been put into-work
ing order: then the lecturer came for
ward. '
.Mr. Seton-Thompson is a man of- young
appearance with keen observing eyes that
miss nothing and a voice with something
of an accent .'in it. He does not always
speak fluently, but he chooses his words
well and his descriptions of the lives and
habits of 'his friends, the wild 'animals,
are terse and forceful and at times elo
quent. In opening his lecture yesterday
afternoon he said: . '
"1 will speak to-day of the personal side
of one or two of my wild animal friends,
and by personal side I mean their hu
man side. , It is believed by many that
wild animals are nothing more than ma
chines, but we know better. We know
that they think, that they have a mind.
And not only have they a mind and a con
sciousness but a conscience as well, and
they have a sense of humor and of life
and happiness. A dog's idea of happiness
may not be very high; it may not be any
higher than a desire to keep full of beef
steak, but such as it is, it is definite.. That
is what I mean by the personal side Of
wild animals. It is their mind that I am
after."
Characteristics of Fox Tracks.
The lecturer then took up the trail of
a fox, showing pictures of the tracks in
the snow and telling how the actions of
the fox could be guessed by the charac
teristics of the track. Once he stopped
and dug out a garter snake, but he did
not eat it, and farther on he caught a
prairie chicken lying in fancied security
in a drift. All this was shown by -the
tracks of the fox and by the holes in the
snow where the luckless snake and the
prairie chicken were disturbed.
Then he told of the Springfield fox,
which is the subject of one of the stories
in his book, and then he turned to his ex
periences with bears in the Yellowstone
National Park.
In telling of the bears he made frequent
mention of "Little Johnny," the cub or
"Old Grumpy," two well-known charac
ters among the park bears. Among them,
tco, was an immense grizzly that he de
scribed. It was this grizzly that he Aft
erward made famous as "Wab" in one of
his best stories.
He reserved for the last "Lobo," the
gaunt gray old king wolf of New Mex
ico. "Lobo" is told of in his book, but he
amplified the story and made of the
"grand old reprobate" the wild hero he
really was. It was a graphic story, well
and feelingly told, and when the keen,
cruel head of the old cattle thief was
shown upon the screen the audience for
got all but the noble side of the rugged
ranger and applauded him right heartily.
Woes of Some Animals.
Last evening-Mr. Seton-Thompson lec
tured i again, taking as his subject the
name he gave his book, "Wild Animals
I Have Known." He did not adhere to
the text of the bpok, however, although
several of the characters that make those
pages so charming lent their Interest to
his talk last evening. He told again the
woes of little Mollie Cottontail, of Wully
and Bingo, the dogs; of the pacing mus
tang , and of the fox, and to these he
added his experience with antelopes and
deer, a stag hunt and a moose hunt, the
antics of a pet skunk, the voice and ac
tions of a dog on different trails and the
notes of the , birds along the Red River
of Manitoba.
In describing his dog trailing different
animals he wove In the habits of the
coon, the fox, the skunk and the house
hold cat, and he imitated the cries of the
dog as he pursued each of these animals
and how it was that he could tell by the
cries just what the, dog was doing.
Describes a Deer Hunt.
In describing the deer hunt and the
moose mint he imitated the calls of the
animals, their love cries and their chal
lenges, and when he came to the birds
he whistled- and chirped and called like
everything from a chickadee up to the
great white crane. He imitated the
whirr of wings, the calls of the duck, the
song of. the meadowlark and half a dozen
others and the raucous "honk" of the
gray goose flying northward. He con
cluded by describing the killing of a bull
moose after luring him to h}s doom by
imitating his challenges to battle and fin
ally when they failed, by giving the call
of the lovesick cow moose wailing for her
"It took nature ten years to create that
magnificent animal, which hurt no one,"
he said in conclusion, "and in ten minutes
it was laid low and became nothing more
than a heap of butcher's meat."
Mr. Seton-Thompson will lecture again
Saturday afternoon on "Wild Animals ir.
Captivity," " and again Saturday evening
on "Minds of Animals." His afternoon
lecture will be more for the entertain
ment of 'the children, but his evening talk
will be more advanced. The lectures are
being given under the auspices of the
California Club.
CONTEST FOR LETTERS ON
¦ CHAMBERS ESTATE BEGINS
judge Sloss Called TJpon to Determine
Merits of Claims of Three
. Petitioners.
The contest to determine who shall ad
minister the estate of the late Robert C.
Chambers began before Judge Sloss yes
terday afternoon. H. C. Wilbur was first
placed upon the stand in behalf of the
Public Administrator's petition for letters
and the rest of the afternoon was occu
pied examining Ada C. Martin, decedenfs
sister, . who up to last week resided in
Kansas City! Mrs. Martin says that she
is going to make San Francisco her fu
ture home and being a lawful resident is
entitled to letters of administration. Aft
er Mrs. Martin left. the stand Judge Sloss
continued the case until this afternoon at
Late in • the afternoon a third petition
for letters of administration upon the es
tate was filed by John P. Fritter of Butte
County, through his attorney, William H.
Schooler. Mr. Fritter is a cousin of the
deceased, and being a known lawful resi
dent of this State asks the right to ad
minister, upon the estate of the deceased.
Judge Sloss will decide the many con
flicting claims shortly after the case is
submitted. •'"¦'¦ ' - '
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrosraphlc Office. .17. S. N., Mer-
J chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal
April 22, 1901.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
1. e... at noon of the 120th meridian, or at S
o'clock p. m., Greenwich time. • .
. * C. G. CALKINS,
Lieutenant Commander, V. S. N., in charge.
Dan Sullivan's Forgeries.
Daniel T J. Sullivan * appeared ; before
Judge Conlan yesterday and was instruct
ed as to his rights in the matter of the
charge: against him of forging Judge
Mogan's name to an order for the return
of $50 .bail money in the case of Jennie
Foster, arrested for vagrancy. The case
was continued for a week. . The charge
against Sullivan of forging the name of
Judge Cabaniss to an order for the return
of $1640 bail money put up by Wong You
for the release of ¦ fan-tan players will
be heard this morning before Judge. Con
lan." ' : : . ¦; :¦'[¦'
Wliy Don't You Travel by Sea?
Call at office of Pacific Coast Steamship
Co., 4 New, Montgomery St., and < inform
yourself concerning that- company's im
proved service and low rates to Los An
geles,: San Diego; Santa Barbara," Tacoma,
Seattle, Juneau, . Skaguay and all Pacific
Coast ports •' , ;
Mrs. Madeline Macondray filed suit yes
trrday for divorce from Robert Arthur
Macondray. As cause of action Mrs. Ma
condray alleces cruelty and In her com
plaint cites many specific acts upon the
part of her husband which, she says,
caused her great distress of body and
mind.
By way of introduction to her complaint
Mrs. Macondray states? that she married
her husband August 2S. 1300. Very soon
after their marriage, she continues, the
defendant commenced to treat her cruelly
and continued such conduct up to the
time she was compelled to seek the pro
tection of her mother, who resides at 103
Frederick street.
Mrs. Macondray's charges of cruelty as
pet forth in the complaint are crisp and
brief. She alleges that her husband rep
resented that he was a man of considera
ble means, which he was not: that he
said he had a position in' the Philippines
which would bring him a large income,
which he did run have, and when she ac
tompnnied him to Manila in search of this
phantom she says she was compelled to
leave the islands and start for the United
Rates under humiliating circumstances
and conditions which were extremely mor
tifying to her pride and injurious to her
health. Continuing, Mrs. Macondray says
lipr husband, though "not an habitual
drunkard." is habitually more or less un
der the influence of liquor. When in this
condition he frequently left her for days
at a time, she says, and on returning
would curse and abuse her. much to her
mental distress. When offered employ
inert "by which he could earn an honest
living." Mrs. Macondray says her hus
band refused to accept it, but continued
f n his round of abuse and dissipation un
til she was compelled to seek the pro
tection of her mother. Mrs. W. G. Rich
si rdson. Mrs. Macondray. in conclusion,
prays for a decree of absolute divorce,
ihf right to resume her maiden name and
r.ny further relief which the court may
?cp fit to award her. She waives the right
to an alimony judgment, however, saying
¦that her husband has nothing: and hence
a judgment would avail her not.
Suits for divorce were also filed yester
ray by Susan L. Griffin against Joseph
Criflln for desertion. Annie E. Alexander
nsraSnst O. L. Alexander for cruelty,
I'rankie Stewart against M. C. Stewart
for depcrtion, Walter Cheetham against
Clara Cheotham for desertion. Marie A.
Tully apainst Oscar W. Tully for cruelty
and Kmma Lucas against George Lucas
<><r failv.re to provide.
MRS. MADELINE MACONDBAY
FILES SUIT FOB DIVOBCE
Makes Many Specific Allegations of
Cruelty — Other Actions In
stituted.
BARKENTINE MONITOR. BOUND FOR SAN FRANCISCO. AND SIX SCHOOONERS BOUND BOR SIUSLAW AND
COQUILLE RIVERS ARE NOW CONSIDERABLY OVERDUE. GRAVE FEARS ARE FELt/fOR THE SAFETY
OF THE MONITOR AND HER CAPTAIN AND CREW.
The, Twenty-sixth regiment is quartered
in upper Model Camp and is thoroughly
protected from invasion by civilians.
Lieutenant Colonel Dickman is another
officer whose conduct meets with the dis
approval of his men and the remarks
made by the soldiers are not at all com
plimentary to the doughty commanding
officer. , •
A peculiarity connected with the return
of the volunteers, who have been arriving
from the Philippines of late, has been the
absence of any complaint against the offi
cers of the regiments. This evidence of
the pleasant relations between j officers
and privates, however, does hot apply to
the Twenty-sixth Infantry, which arrived
here on the Garonne. The soldiers or
this ¦ regiment discuss the actions of the
officers under whom they have served
without reservation and the charges made
are enough to convince a civilian that
life in the army is not a bit pleasant.
"Poor'food and poor treatment is due to
poor officers," say the men, and every
one who has a complaint to make 13 will
ing to make it as soon as the fear of im
mediate punishment for his ' presumption
is removed — that is after he -receives his
discharge.
The rumored prospective court-martial
of Lieutenant Edwards, who, it is alleged,
left the regiment at Nagasaki rather than
face a board composed of his superior
officers, is freely discussed by the men.
They are not a bit backward in referring
to him as a "stomach robber," which in
the parlance of the soldier, means "an
officer who underfeeds- his men."
Privates Claim Commanders
.-, Are Not Fit for Posi
tions. .
Officers of Twenty-Sixth
Infantry Berated by
Men.
SOLDIERS MAKE
MANY CHARGES
The doors of E. O. McCormlck's private
offices were closed and locked yesterday to
the cutside public. The passenger traffic
manager of the Southern Pacific Com
pany, with a few delegates left over from
tlie Transcontinental Passenger Associa
tion meeting that was held in Del Monte
last week, were going over the ground
preparatory to putting in a bid for the
transportation of the naval recruits that
are to be brought out from the East in
July.
At the recent meeting- down in Monterey
last week it was decided by all the roads
that in the future there rhould be no rate
cutting on Government work, or in plain
BnrHrti. that they would stand together
and divide the business. Yesterday the
Santa Fe, Rock Island and Union Pacific,
and in fact nearly all the roads that ope
rate west of the Mississippi River were
represented at the meeting and the busi
ness was sjiMt up.
President Charles M. Hays is at pres
ent in Southern California. He will ar
rive in thi? city to-morrow and his advent
is nmully awaited by quite a few or the
employes of the Southern Pacific. An old
attache of the road said yesterday that
ho had learned that when Hays arrives
ho will make several changes. He will
a!r?o at the same time thoroughly outline
the policy of the road in the future.
Whether 'this information will be given
by an official circular or whether there
will be a tmnquft. at which those who are
to be rewarded or discharged will be let
down easily, remains to be proved.
Manager "Kruttsohnitt is down the road
and will Journey to this city with Hays.
It is said that when he heard of the train
wrecks that are coming fast and thick
on the coast division he packed his dress
f=uit case. and. eailins his stenographer.
Journeyed south to find out where the
trouble lay. Eastern railroad men claim
that the cause of the recent accidents is
the locomotives that are at present on
the road. They say the engines are de
fective.
Passenger Traffic Man
agers Divide It as
Agreed.
Return of President Hays Is
Uneasily Awaited by
Officials.
NAVAL RECRUIT
BUSINESS SPLIT
T'HE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY; APRIL, 23, 1901.
Barkentine Monitor Is Almost Given Up for Lost, and It
Is Feared That Schooners Bound for Siuslaw and
Coquille Rivers May Have Run Short of Provisions
OVERDUE COASTING FLEET CAUSING
UNEASINESS AMONG SHIPPING MEN
TUESDAY, APRIL 23.
7
Sun rises
Sun sets
Moon sets :
'- ¦ Time Time Time
Date Ft. Ft.
H W L W H W
53 ... 2:15 5.9 9:09—0.5 4:22
24 ... 3:08 5.6 10:10—0.2 5:25
25 ... 4:16 5.0 11:11 0.2 6:21
26 ... 5:31 4.7 12:09 0.5 7:14
L. \V H W L \V
27 ... 1:03 2.4 6:47 4.5 1:01
28 ... 2:00 1.9 8:00 4.5 1:55
29 ... 2:uO 1.4 9.03 4.5 2:40
Ft.
4.S
4.9
5.0
6 .2
.O:bb"a
I Time!
L W
9:10
10:30
li:52
:.5:23
..6:52
l m.
Ft.
3.2
3.2
2.S
0.8
1.1
1.4
II W
7:56
8:39
9:16
5.3
5.5
6.5
Steamer.
Prom.
Due.
Colon. Panama & Way Ports.
N«*.vburg Grays Harbor
Arcata......'.... Coos Bay
Mandalay Coquille River
Argo Coquille River -.
Titania.... Nanaimo
Empire Coos Bay
Eureka Humboldt
Mariposa Honolulu
North Fork.... Humboldt
Corona Newport
Washtenaw Taeoma
Fulton Grays Harbor.....
G. W. Elder Portland and Astoria..
Santa Rosa San Diego .'.
Point Arena.... Point Arena .'......
Czarina Seattle and Taeoma
Alliance Portland and Coos Bay
Nippon Maru... China and Japan
\cme Tillamook Bay
Pomona Humboldt ;
South Portland Taeoma
Walla Walla... Puget Sound Ports....
Curacao Mexican Ports
Peru Valparaiso via Panama
Mackinaw. Seattle
Queen San Diego
Argyle New York via Panama.
Coronado San Pedro
Sierra Sydney & Way Ports...
Peru Panama & Way Ports.
Crescent City.. Crescent City
Apr. 23
Apr. 23
Apr. 23
Apr. 23
Apr. 23
Apr. 2i
Apr. 23
Apr. 24
Apr. 24
Apr. 24
Apr. 24
Apr. 24
Apr. 24
Apr. 25
Apr. 25
Apr. 25
Apr. 23
Apr. 2't
Apr. 26
Apr. 26
Apr. 26
Apr. 26
Apr. 27
Apr. 27
Apr. 27
Apr. 28
Apr. 28
Apr. 29
Apr. 29
Apr. 29
Apr. 29
Apr. 29
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
Pier.
Pomona..
Bonita
Columbia
Argo
Queon
Empire
Hyades
Australia
Arcata
Doric
Rainier.......
Mandalay....
Newburg
City Puebla..
Corona
Eureka..
April 23. |
Humboldt 2 pm
Newport 9 am
Astoria & Portland 11 am
April 24.
Coqullle River 4 pm
San Diego 9 am
Coos Bay 12 m
Seattle and Tacoma 4 pm
April 25. i .
Tahiti direct 2 pm
Coos Bay 12 m
China &¦ Japan l pm
Seattle & N. What. 3 pm
April 20.
Coqullle River .... 10 am
Grays Harbor .... 5 pm
Puget Sound Ports. 11 am
Newport 9 am
Humboldt 9 am
April 27. |
Honolulu ........... 2 pm
Humboldt 9 am
Seattle & Tacoma. 5 pm
Seattle & Tacoma. 5 pm
Ptlnd & Coos Bay. .......
Grays Harbor. ...... 5 pm
Point Arena......... 2 pm
April 28. |
Astoria & Portland 11 am
San Diego 9 am
. April 2O. ..
Panama & WayPts
Grays Harbor....... .., j
Pier. 9
Pier 11
Pier 21
Pier 2
Pier 11
Pier V.
Pier 9
Pier 7
Pier 13
PMSS
Pier 3
Pier 2
Pier 2
Pier 9
Pier 11
Pier 13
Marlposa.....
North Fork...
Czarina.......
S. Portland...
Alliance.
Fulton
Point Arena. '.
Pier 7
Pier 2
Pier ts
Pier 13
S.W. 4
Pier —
Pier. 2
G. "W. Elder. .
Santa Rosa. . .
I Pier 24
Pier 11
San Juan.....
Coronado
PMSS
Pier —
Sun rises
Sun sets
Moon sets :
'- ¦ Time Time Time
Date Ft. Ft.
H W L W H W
53 ... 2:15 5.9 9:09—0.5 4:22
24 ... 3:08 5.6 10:10—0.2 5:25
25 ... 4:16 5.0 11:11 0.2 6:21
26 ... 5:31 4.7 12:09 0.5 7:14
L. \V H W L \V
27 ... 1:03 2.4 6:47 4.5 1:01
28 ... 2:00 1.9 8:00 4.5 1:55
29 ... 2:uO 1.4 9.03 4.5 2:40
Ft.
4.S
4.9
5.0
6 .2
.O:bb"a
I Time!
L W
9:10
10:30
li:52
:.5:23
..6:52
l m.
Ft.
3.2
3.2
2.S
0.8
1.1
1.4
II W
7:56
8:39
9:16
5.3
5.5
6.5
Steamer.
Prom.
Due.
Colon. Panama & Way Ports.
N«*.vburg Grays Harbor
Arcata......'.... Coos Bay
Mandalay Coquille River
Argo Coquille River -.
Titania.... Nanaimo
Empire Coos Bay
Eureka Humboldt
Mariposa Honolulu
North Fork.... Humboldt
Corona Newport
Washtenaw Taeoma
Fulton Grays Harbor.....
G. W. Elder Portland and Astoria..
Santa Rosa San Diego .'.
Point Arena.... Point Arena .'......
Czarina Seattle and Taeoma
Alliance Portland and Coos Bay
Nippon Maru... China and Japan
\cme Tillamook Bay
Pomona Humboldt ;
South Portland Taeoma
Walla Walla... Puget Sound Ports....
Curacao Mexican Ports
Peru Valparaiso via Panama
Mackinaw. Seattle
Queen San Diego
Argyle New York via Panama.
Coronado San Pedro
Sierra Sydney & Way Ports...
Peru Panama & Way Ports.
Crescent City.. Crescent City
Apr. 23
Apr. 23
Apr. 23
Apr. 23
Apr. 23
Apr. 2i
Apr. 23
Apr. 24
Apr. 24
Apr. 24
Apr. 24
Apr. 24
Apr. 24
Apr. 25
Apr. 25
Apr. 25
Apr. 23
Apr. 2't
Apr. 26
Apr. 26
Apr. 26
Apr. 26
Apr. 27
Apr. 27
Apr. 27
Apr. 28
Apr. 28
Apr. 29
Apr. 29
Apr. 29
Apr. 29
Apr. 29
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
Pier.
Pomona..
Bonita
Columbia
Argo
Queon
Empire
Hyades
Australia
Arcata
Doric
Rainier.......
Mandalay....
Newburg
City Puebla..
Corona
Eureka..
April 23. |
Humboldt 2 pm
Newport 9 am
Astoria & Portland 11 am
April 24.
Coqullle River 4 pm
San Diego 9 am
Coos Bay 12 m
Seattle and Tacoma 4 pm
April 25. i .
Tahiti direct 2 pm
Coos Bay 12 m
China &¦ Japan l pm
Seattle & N. What. 3 pm
April 20.
Coqullle River .... 10 am
Grays Harbor .... 5 pm
Puget Sound Ports. 11 am
Newport 9 am
Humboldt 9 am
April 27. |
Honolulu ........... 2 pm
Humboldt 9 am
Seattle & Tacoma. 5 pm
Seattle & Tacoma. 5 pm
Ptlnd & Coos Bay. .......
Grays Harbor. ...... 5 pm
Point Arena......... 2 pm
April 28. |
Astoria & Portland 11 am
San Diego 9 am
. April 2O. ..
Panama & WayPts
Grays Harbor....... .., j
Pier. 9
Pier 11
Pier 21
Pier 2
Pier 11
Pier V.
Pier 9
Pier 7
Pier 13
PMSS
Pier 3
Pier 2
Pier 2
Pier 9
Pier 11
Pier 13
Marlposa.....
North Fork...
Czarina.......
S. Portland...
Alliance.
Fulton
Point Arena. '.
Pier 7
Pier 2
Pier ts
Pier 13
S.W. 4
Pier —
Pier. 2
G. "W. Elder. .
Santa Rosa. . .
I Pier 24
Pier 11
San Juan.....
Coronado
PMSS
Pier —
A visit DR. JORDAN'S great 4
JHUSEUM OF ANATOMY
6 £5 15ElKiSEITK.let.6±t?±.C.r.Cd.i
\ <3T The Laivext AsMomioil Museuin in the \
fF~ ~yft C:-»sc |»si'l'l>rl r rarr<ln]rtbeolliut T
© EiS S 2 I Specialist on ihc Coast. Esc 36 years. Q
$ fljjg' J DR. JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN t
X I vtSpJ 8 Consultation frtr and strict'jr private. \
, / litffl Truimtni personal'? nr by letter. AM
6 Y V V) J'oeitnic Curt in every case undertaken. T
ff if I » W 'rite far Book. PBILOHUriYrfi
1 I) 9AHRIACE, MAILED FREE. (AT
A vi II *>luable book (or mm) ' \
V till JOUHA.V A I <>.. 1051 Market St.. S. F. f
yip^^rPb CANDY CATHARTIC a 4si
Genuine stamped C C C Never sold In bulk.
Beware of the dealer who tries to sell
•omething "just es good.
SI 00 BUYS TWO SHARES,
ONE IN EACH MINE.
PAR VALUE 11 00 PER SHARE.
Stability and Profits in Quick-
silver Mines.
The Almaden Quicksilver Mine of Spain Is
the greatest mine of any description in the
world, and it was mentioned in the works of
Pliny 2000 years before the Christian era, and
the ertimattd product is over one billion dol-
lar8 SEBING IS BELIEVING.
You can easily pee our property. One hour
ar.d twenty minutes to San Jose, nine miles by
team.
Let us fchow you these mines and Judge for
H. n. BRADFORD.
President and General Manager.
7 N. Market street, San Jose.
Prospectus and all Information at branch
office. 2OS Sansoifie etreet, San Francisco.
H. L. COFFIN and F. DE FREITAS,
Agents.
San Genito County and
Santa Clara County.
Bradford-Silver Creek
QUICKSILVER
Mining Companies,
ADVERTISEMENTS.
soap is not only the best
in all the world for toilet
and bath but also for shav-
ing.. Pears was the in-
ventor of shaving stick
soap. " . "
All sorts of people use Pears" soap, all sorts
. of store* sell it, especially druggists.
DR. GROSSMAN'S SPECIFIC MIXTURE!
For the'eure of . GONORRHEA, ' GLEETS, .
STRICTURES ' and analogous complaints Of the
Organs of Generation. ¦.. "ft- ¦•- ,- r .,'-;
Price $1 a bottle. ; For. sale by druggists.
ADVEETISEMENTS.
SIGR'HEADAOHE
Positively cured by these
Little Pills.
They also relieve distress from Dys-
pepsia, Indigestion and Too Hearty
Eating. A perfect remedy for Dizzi-
ness, Nausea, Drowsiness, Bad Taste
in the Mouth.. Coated Tongue, Pain v:
the Side, TORPID LIVER. Thiy
Regulate the Bowel* Purely Vegetable.
Small Pill. Small Dose.
¦ Small Price.
AMUSEMENTS.
Evenlnsrs at S. Matinee Saturday at 3.
"CONTINUED METEORIC SUCCESS!"
Remember There Is Only One.
THE
"HOOT MON."
The Reigning Favorite.
HARTMAN as ABEL. CONN.
WIJEELAN as "HOOT MON."
POPULAR PRICES 25c and 50o
Telephone— Bush ».
EVERY EVENING THIS WEEK. •
MATINEE SATURDAY.
"SUCCESS FOLLOWS SUCCESS."
Charles H. Yale's
"THE EVIL EYE »»
Evening— 25c, 35c, 50c, 75 c* and fl.OO.
Matinee— 25c. 50c, 75c.
Next Sunday Night, the Favorites,
MR. JflMES NEIUL
AND HIS COMPANY.
- By Special Request.
"A BACHELOR'S ROMANCE." _
Seats Ready Thursday.
I." During the NEILL engagement— SPE-
CIAL BARGAIN MATINEES THURS-
DAYS. PRICES ¦¦ 25c AND COc
• THE
CONQUERORS.
The Most Gorgeous Scenic and Costume Pro-
duction Ever Given at This Theater.
Matinees Saturday and Sunday.
Seats by Phone Main 254. or Box Office Six
Days in Advance,
PRICES ------ 15c, 25c, 35c, 50c
GRAND 1 OPERA. HOUSE
EVERY EVENING THIS WEEK.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Tremendous Success of
FLORENCE STONE and JACK WEBSTER
In the Biggest Hit of ' the Season,
UNDER
TWO FLAGS
Founded on Ouida's Celebrated Novel.
Pricea—lOc, 15c, 23c, 50c. A few seats. 75c.
Good reserved seat in Orchestra Saturday
and Sunday Matinees, 25c.
Branch Ticket Office— Emporium.
Next Week— "MR. BARNES OF NEW YORK."
BELASCQ ""> n/41f5>faT^
TO-NIGHT AND ALL THIS WEEK.
MATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
The Most Thrilling of Military Dramas,
A Fair Rebel
Exciting War Scenes— Patriotic Melodies.
Realistic Reproduction of Libby Prison.
PDirCC EVENINGS 10c. 15c. 23c. 35c, 50o
I JllWCo MATINEES 10c, 15c, 23a
Next Week— Grand revival of
"TEN NIGHTS l.N A BARROOM."
Principal Members of the
HOPKINS TRANS-OCEANIC COMPANY and
ORPHEUM IMPORTATIONS.
BARNES AND SISSON. ALF GRANT. CLAY-
TON. JENKINS AND JASPER, MARION
VON SCHRADER, MLLE. ADELAIDE.
THE GREAT GOL.DIN. JOSEPHINE GAS8-
MAN, THE BIOGRAPH.
Final week of . the big. success,
FRANCESCA REDDING AND COMPANY.
Reserved seats. 23c: balcony, 10c; opera chain
and box seats, EOc.
Matinees "Wednesday. Saturday and Sunday.
METROPOLITAN* HALL,
FIFTH ST.. NEAR MARKET.
ERNEST SETON-THOMPSON
Will deliver, to-morrow (Wednesday) evening,
at 8 o'clock, asother of his famous animal lec-
tures Illustrated with stereoptlcon views of
photos and drawings made by the lecturer.
Under ausDices of the California Club. Man-
agement Major J. B. Pond. Tickets $1. 73c and
60c, at Sherman. Clay & Co.'s. Children half
P Special Children's Matinee Saturday.
nifCC TANFORAN
¦KAIC3_- PAUL
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB.
SIX HIGH-CLASS RACES DAILY.
APRIL 20TH TO rTTH. INCLUSIVE.
FINE CARD EVERY DAY.
First Race Dally at 2:10 P. M.
Trains from Third and Town«end streett— 7.
10:30. 11:30 a. m.: 12:40. 1. 1:30. 2 p. m.
Returning, leave trade at 4:15 and thereafter
at . short intervals'. Rear cars reserved for
ladles and escorts.
ADMISSION (INCLUDING R. R. FARE), fl 15.
THOS. H. WILLIAMS JR.. President.
R. B. MILROY, Secretary.
rrTCPII17R»'c CONCERT HOUSE.
r lOl/nan O ; Admission tOc.
Golden West Comedy Trio. Gus Leonard. Bre-
gers. Thatcher and Chenoweth, Jack Bymonds.
Paraskova Sandolin and Tom Mack.
Reserved - seats, :3c. Matinee Sunday.
ADVEBTISEKEENTS.
LEROWtlGAR
OF
LARGE512E15*
L. MILLER 8c SONS.
543 BROADWAY NY.US.A.
IMPROVIDENCE
Is an individual sin, bringing individual
'punishment.'
This laundry is here to protect you from
improvidence in your laundry bills. "We
save your linen by using best processes In
cleaning it, finishing it properly and re-
turn it promptly. Compared to others our
work is a little ahead in quality and little
behind in price, because It's saving to your
pocketbook in. wear and tear.
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
Office IOO4 Market Streat
. Telephone— South 42O,
Oakland Office— 54 San Pablo Av»>.
FOR STOMACH DISORDERS,
GOUT and DYSPEPSIA,
, DRINK
Best NATURAL Alkaline Water.
I am making MONEY. Are you?
Help us develop our properties and
YOU WILL. Gur properties are the
Monarch. Lion, Vesuvius. Tijjer, Wash-
in gtoir^ Sunset Center, California Con-
solidated and others. Are they
GOOD? Well, I guess.
JAS. R. T.' HERSHOV
Dealer in Legitimate Stocks. Only.
637, 538, 539, 550 PARROTT BDG., S.F.
¦¦'•-,. '
HOTELS
Visitors to San Francisco who mako
their headquarters at these hotels en-
joy comforts and conveniences not to
be obtained elsewhere. Desirable loca-
tion, courteous attacnes and unequ&ted
cuisine. American and European plans.
»»GRAND HOTEL*
§10 -gjjfe- RUPTURE CURED
\s.\\i&m%2^\U. fot> TEN DOLLARS.
' "rEriSSZ^SiTjm fm^i \i.~- Thonsan&s have been cured
r2niBS9B JfiBSCSjSvSF at their own homes for thia
lSSfe^S§*'$cS<^sss«y?!!5l small pr:ce. Greatest ln-
Tentttmqi theAfte. Seeur-
N^^i ! E; : > ivJp^S^ lty and comfort to the rup-
¦^Tarri%^f I M"P : **-- r t!lr( ' li Xo worthless wives
SH^ J ~^lsL£l^slB=? ! M i s or lotions to rub on. It doe*
TN * ' ¦¦.•¦\jV_-. 1 " 1 l \u» > the work. Inreetifnitet
'•Booklet Xa. 1" gtytng full information mailed. imro«<U-
ately on receipt ic. stamp and thia advt. Call or addrera
MAaHETlC TRUSS CO. «& JUrUt sir**, SAN FBAMCISCO., WHEAT— The Liverpool and Parts markets
were both higher. Liverpool advancing on
bad weather and reported frosts In Ger
many. • Berlin' was also higher. The Danu
blan crops were reported in satisfactory con-,
dltlon. • •
The V American visible supply decreased
2,005,000 bushels and the English visible : in
creased 1,278,000. The" world's shipments for
the week were as follows. In quarters: Rus
sian. ' 213,000; Danublan, 62.000;' Argentine,
175,000; Indian, 1000; Australian, 15,000.
Chicago opened firmer on the better" for
eign advices. » There was good buying bv
shorts and also for investment. The strength
of coarse grains was an influence. Outsiders
bought and' the Southwest were heavy buyers.
The crowd sold early, but covered later on.
.This market was firm but unchanged.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, - $Ngl 01«4; milling,
Jl C2V4©1 05 ¦ per ctl. .' '
CALL BOARD . SALES
r BARLEY— The Weather Bureau continues
to hint at possible rain, day after day, which
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock-rNo sales.
Second Session— December— 2000 ctls, |1 06%:
12, C00, Jl 06Vi. . May— 4000, $1 01; 6000. $1 01^. .
• Regular "Morning Session— 14,000 ctls, Jl O6V4-
May—2C00, ¦ $1 01>4. .
Afternoon 1 Session — May — 2000 ctls, $1 01*4-
December— $000,' $1 06U. .
CHICAGO. April 22.-In the corn pit tho
Phillips deal in May corn came to the fore
after a fortnight, during which lt -.-merely
kept the market nervous, but comparatively
narrow around "44c for May. Up to to-day
the opinion that the bull leader's vast line
had been gradually diminishing under cover
of , brokers had been spreading. This was
merely conjecture, however, for at times,
when . the market seemed inclined to boom'
there were indications that the wily manipu
lator was working to check any sudden
bulge. His announcement that he would take
in every bushel offered him on May con
tracts brought the paramount . importance of
Phillips' continued bullish attitude forcibly
Before traders. May 1, It Is estimated, there
will be 3,000,000 bushels of contract - corn
which can be delivered to him, but even this
would • not satisfy his claims, as shorts have
guaranteed to deliver him between 5 000 000
and 7,000,000 bushels additional. That shorts
will be able' to get that amount here for de
livery before the last of May Is, of course,
food for doubt. The . fact .. that country of
ferings last night were practically nothing
and the receipts to-day were but
cars, with - only eight cars grading contract,
had much to do in alarming the gentlemen
who have on their, shoulders the burden of
getting this corn from country cribs or set
tling with Phillips. They scrambled in wild
confusion to-day for the privilege of taking
the loss already theirs, rather, than stand by
their guns in the hope that he. and his follow
ing would find themselves in deep .water be
fore May 1. To make his position more se
cure, it Is said, Phillips already has con
siderable corn ready for shipment East It
was a noteworthy fact to-day that :. while the
price level nearly the whole session was
higher than at any previous stage of the
crop very little was sold . far from the top
price. Phillips started the excitement by buy
ing at the opening. May opened %<S%c higher
at 44?»(§>44%c and bounded up to 46%c during
the forenoon. At this price every hull | pit
had a good profit in sight. Their sales caused
a reaction to 46c, but shorts absorbed everv
thinp with ¦ such avidity that the market i re-'
acted sharply and closed 2c higher at 46%c
July sold between 4i Tic and 43c and closed 'l'ic
hleher at 44%c. . ..,-;,$
Trade in wheat was active. The market
for lt was the broadest in weeks, the activity
being sustained with scarcely • an Interrup
tion. For the - first time In . days the favor
able weather and liberality of receipts were
¦ treated with contempt. A sharp advance at
Liverpool, bullish world's statistics and the
prospect of a fair visible decrease were Influ
ential at the start. May opening ',^c to %c
htsrher at 71Vic to "l'ic. . The- neneral demand
was from outsiders and from local shorts as
well as confident longs. During the forenoon
May climbed to 72%c, additional incentive
having been found in reports of a strong con
tinental demand. In the corn strength Rnd In
the visible figures which showed a greater
falling off than had been looked for. . - Realiz
ing sales on a liberal scale caused a reaction
to 72#c n»ar the end of the session, but the
market rallied firmly and closed 144c higher at
72Vic - July closed at 72"ic, compared with
71^c -Saturday. , . . , .
Oats were strong and-' active throughout In
sympathy with corn. May closed %c hlpher
at 23%@26o. -..•; ••¦': , " . . . ( . •
The provision market was neglect**!' Prices
GRAND HOTEL.
K B Hills. Colo DrJD Dameron, CA
T D Sheldon. NT J Bonnar. Sacto
T "Watllng, Chicago XV C Price, Pasadena
Capt Boardman, M I Mrs K K Glover, Neb
H G Ferguson. Cal Mrs W R Bacon L A
A Phillips, Cal Miss B Myers, Phila
W J Packard. Lompoc F D Cosby. Wash, D C
I N Ambrose. Maine W H Orr. Stockton
F A Periman, Ind R V Reppy, Cal
J P Gilchrist. Cal J Healy. Cal
G E Miner. Los Ang F J Herthel Jr. Mass
E B Roberts, Los Ang R Glfford, Auburn
B Oppenhelmer. Wash H Slmona, Iowa H1H
W N Rohner. Fresno J P Edwards Kan
N R Streeter. N W H Clark & w. Cal
F E Ankeny & w. Cal E "W Clark. Cal
M A Holmes. Hannibal O E Gltchell Cal
M Dunbar, Cleveland W Williamson Masa
Mr Kohner. Nlles G Turner. Modesto
Capt R Nelson, Nome C France Salinas
N Nelson & w, Minn T E Theberath Cal
R Bower. Liverpool t, E Gould. Napa
Mrs Bower, Liverpool L Du Pont Syle Cal
P A Bower, Liverpool G Anderson, Cal'
M A Young, Los Ang A J Larson, Lodl
A L Darrow, Dakota P Stetson, Pescadero
H R Warner, Cal w Eastln, Modesto
E F Blewltt. Mexico R Draper A w. Sacto
Mr Tunstall & w, Cal M Michael; Woodland
J C Alnsley. Cal E E Condo. Sacto
Mrs Alnsley & en. Cal Mrs E E Stone & en.
Mls3 Thompson. Cal Marysvllle
Mrs "Wheeler. Stockton H Thorp. Sacto
Miss Wheeler. Stick ton.
PALACE HOTEL.
E M Levi, San Jose J B Russell Cal
A J Hart. San Jose M Morley Md
J E Hall. Sacto M H Brommer N T
R H Chapman. L A Mrs J M Higsrlns. Ill
W Fred-rtckson, X# A J A Brunt Cal
H Wetllner,& w. Pa J A Brent. C'l
Miss Wetllner, Pa J McKinney Los An*
Mlsa Burnett. Pa W Bukenston. Ill
J A' Smith & w. Mich W S duff. Chicago
M Fernard. Napa T P Taylgr Cal
F A Hayes. N T Mrs T McQuesten Cal
W P Shaw. NT O C McQuesten. Cal
K Taylor. Cal Dr Graham & w Cilo
S Rothschild. Cal O B Hawley & w Ohio
H H Stadeker. Troy Mrs J XV A Cluet't NT
S Reirel. Salt Lake, Miss I, B Cluett Troi'
C J A Gray. NT' C V Burton & w NT
S Romifleld. Cal W L Chur~Mll '& w
S Harrlii. Portland New Tork"
S T Wright. Shasta Miss Churchill JT T
J Wheeler ¦ & w. Cal W E Fitch. Mich
1. Shaw. Sacto Mra A E Hoadley m
H B Elroy. Wash Mrs C W Wal'on 111
J W Catty. London B W Lomba-d I Or "
J D- Works. Los Ans R M Thomson' Utah
E S Brown & valet, W Martin * N y
Mass D J Patm'er! Wash
M1S3 Bro-vn. Mas* Mr B-ckwtt>i t O wi
AV M C Thorn. Wash A MI# Mll-h
Mrs S F Godfrey. Ca! G E Scott St Loi'3
G 2. dfr^ y - -£ a! i T C s «arch. Phila
? yjZT^' £ al F C Sorners. Phila
w VSm .'SPY 7 rT £?vf, Ias k Ph " %
8 KH' if 7 ° Knellberfy. N T
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
J Duffy. Chicago (J Mclnto^h, Anr-ls
W Horan & s. 8 Rosa R Sammy samfi^
M Williams. NT W J Sch«'l -Phi' Irons
B T> Williams. La hv Dav?* irVlani
W T Crane & f. KansCJL A Goebel "La
C W Abernethy. D C js Niles. Ma'lne
H Williams. Manila jj Quinn. Alaska
F L Manchester. Nlles [w H Lewis. Chicago
HOTEL ABEIVA1S.
Nrji< York Stock Market.
NEW YORK. April 22.— The extraordinary
activity of the speculation is witnessed by the
record of the aEip-ejjate Eales for the day,
vl-.ich rc?e to 2.3S2.500 shares, compared with
the previous record en Friday of 2.193.4C0 shares.
The character of the market showed a marked
ihange from that of the latter part of last
week, when the tendency was distinctly up
ward throughout the list. There was great
variety in the speculation and extreme Irregu
larity in the movement of prices all day, and
there v.as .a resumption of the feverish tone
which had broken in on the present extended
advance of prices at various times. It was
obvious lhat there was very heavy profit taking
going on in stocks which have shown the great
ert strer.E^h recently, but the bulls had the
situation fairly well In hand through the early
part of the day and tha process of shifting the
fpmiiatlon from one set of stocks to another,
vhich has gone on in constant succession all
through the period of the rise, seemed to b»
some on in a. normal manner. The weight of
the profit taking became so formidable, how
ever, and the violent manipulation of special
ttc rks by which it was sought to sustain prices
buanie so palpable that the hears made a pow
erful- conceited attack on the market In the
final hour. They forced prices down by rapid
*teps without meeting any support, taking the
market away from the bulls, who were eagerly
taking their profits. The relapse from the
li.fh pc:nt was very violent in 6ome stocks
and the level of the whole market was carried
¦noli under Saturday's close. The violence of
the decline invited some quick profit taking by
the bears, whose covering demand caused a few
t-harp rallies, but the general tone was weak
at the close. Except for a slump In Amalga
mated Copper at the opening the market started
oft with every appearance of a continuance in
full pwinjt of last week' 6 speculation for the
ris-e. Gains of 1 to 1*4 on initial purchases of
lrcrr. 1000 to 15,000 shares were, shown by a
number of the leading active flocks. Includ
ing St. Paul. Union Pacific, Missouri Pacific
cr.d Pennsylvania, anl Southern Pacific was
ruthed up 2H. The last-named stock was a
cor.rpiouous figure in the dealings, and even
alter the general market had commenced go
ine to pieces the price was advanced to S3»4.
v.-hich was 5^g over Saturday's close. St.
Pfiu!. after various fluctuations, rose as much
to 17?.. There were periods of strength also
smons the coalers, the local tractions, the
Pou tli westerns, Sugar and some other indi
vidual stocks. Pacific Mail was rushed up 6'4,
EpptriStly in sympathy with Southern Pacific.
The strength in the Southwesterns was on the
continued talk of consolidation with Chicago
«nd Alton and an entry into Pittsburg. These
extreme advaces came after the opening gains
h3d been pretty generaly wiped out under the
f!a.-<3 DC realizing selling, which has been the
feature of the morning dealings on every dav
fjecepding a notable advance. It was very
evident' that the bull leaders were using every
endeavor to turn the market upward in order
to revive 'the outside speculative buying. But
ibey did not succeed In reviving general
¦trtafcth at sny time. The upward movements
wre not accompanied generally by any news
j-nd were based almost wholly on the argu
ment that the pri^e paid for Burlington war
rnr.tr4 by contrast much higher prices for
l<raa:cally ell other railroad stocks. The bulls
soi'ght to make capital of the advertised invi
tation for subscriptions for the new British con
sol iFFue. as arguing confidence by bankers in
the fnture plenty of money, but the sharp rise
la i-t?rlins exchange rates ln« response to the
larw subscriptions. Bald by the bankers having
th<--ni in' charge to be received for the loan.
<letrr.':ted from the force of this argument.
Oall loans did not rise ai>ove S per cent, owing
to Saturday's strong bank return. The -profit
\a".tirg on purchases made In anticipation of
that statement proved larger than the i new
EASTERN MARKETS.
Arizcr.a — Cloudy Tuesday: light westerly
•winds.
San Francisco and vicinity — Fair Tuesday;
fres-h westerly winds.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE.
Forecast Official.
The moderate disturbance over. Vancouver
Island this morning has apparently filled up
end prospects are less favorable for rain on the
Pacific Slope. During the past twelve hours
there has been a slow but steady rise in press
ure a'.or.s the entire coast. The pressure has
lallen over Idaho and Western Montana.
Rain has fallen from the mouth of the Co
lur.bia River northward. At Neah Bay 1.40
inches is reported in the past twelve hours.
Ha'n is falling at Seattle and Astoria.
The temperature has risen slightly over
Northern California.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours- enuing midnight, April 23, 1901:
Northern California— Fair Tuesday; light
northerly winds in the interior; fresh westerly
winds o;i the coast.
Southern California — Fair Tuesday: light
northwest winds.
Nevada— Fair Tuesday; light southwest winds.
Utah— Cloudy Tuesday; waraier; brisk south-
FORECAST
Kan Francisco data: Maximum temperature.
ES, mininfum. 44; mean, 51.
WEATHER CONDITION'S . AND GENERAL
NEW YORK, April 22.— FLOUR— Receipts,
23,462 barrels; exports, 41,499 barrels; stronger
and fairly active, showing moderate advances
in sympathy with . wheat. Winter patents,
$3 65@4; do straights, $3 45@3 55; extras, (2 45
@2 85; do low grades, $2 30@2 45; Minnesota
patents, .$4@-4 25; do bakers', $2 90@3 25.
WHEAT — Receipts, 52,520 bushels; exports,
ISO, 238 bushels. Spot, strong; No. 2 red, 81%c
f. 0. b. afloat and 79'/?c elevator; No. 1 North
ern Duluth, ' 87%c f .' o.: h.' afloat; No. 1 hard
Duluth, 91V&C f. o. b. afloat; options had a
strong opening and an active trade all day,
advancing steadily on bullish cables, particu
larly from Berlin, reflecting crop damage, ac
tive foreign buying, export demand, a broad
home speculative demand and too much cold
weather in spring States. Closed strong and
1V4@1%C advance. May. 78 13-16@79%c. closed
79Uc; July. 77H@78 .9-16c, closed 79%c; Sep
tember closed 77%c.
HOPS— Quiet; State common to choice, 1900
crop. 17@2Oc; 1S99 crop. ll@15c; old olds, 2@6c;
Pacific Coast, 1900 crop, 16@19c; 1899 crop, 11@
15c; old olds. 2<§/6c
HIDES— Steady; Galveston, lS%c; California,
19c
WOOL-Steady.
COFFEE— Spot. Rio, dull; No. 7 invoice, 6^c;
mild, quiet; Cordova, SU@12%c. Futures closed
steady with prices net 5 to O.0 points higher.
Sales, 26,750 bags, Including: May, $5 0o@5 10;
July, $5 30; August. $5 35; September, $0 40@
5 45; October. $5 io<fto 50; November, $5 53@5 60;
December, $5 63<§5 70; March, $5 90. . .
SUGAR — Raw, strong; fair refining:, 3%c;
centrifugal, 96 test, 4 3-16c; molasses sugar,
3 7-16c. Refined, firm; No. 6, 4.90c; No. 7,
4.S0c; No. 8, 4.70c; No. 9, 4.65c; No. 10.- 4.60c;
No. 11. 4.51c; No. 12. 4.50c; No. 13, 4.50c; No.
14. 4.45c; standard A, 5.25c; confectioners* A,
5.25c; mold A, 5.85c; cut loaf. 5.95c; crushed,
5.95c; powdered, 5.55c; granulated, 5.45c; cubes,
5.70c.
DRIEO FRUITS.
The market for evaporated apples on the
whole was a slow one. Orders for prime goods
were well filled and buyers were asking con
cessions with outside figures extreme. The
other grades were moving slowly In a jobbing
way at fairly maintained prices. The close
was steady. State common. 3@4c: prime, 4%
@4%c; choice, 5@5%c, and fancy, 6@6>£c.
California dried fruits ruled i inactive and
nominally unchanged at 3ii@7c.per pound for
prunes, as to size, and quality.' * ¦ < ¦-'-.
APRICOTS— Royal, 7%@12c; Moorpark, 8^4®
13c.
PEACHES— Peeled, 12V4@20c; unpeeled, 5%@
10c.
* — ! — ¦ *
On the . Bond Exchange, morning session.
Gas and Electric declined 'to $43 75. Alaska
Packers' sold up to $135, an advance of five
points. Giant Powder was firm at $73. Other
changes were narrow. The . market waa fairly
active.
There was Increased activity In the after
noon. Alaska Packers', was still higher at
$136@135 50. Gas and Electric continued to de
cline, getting down to $42 25. Giant Powder
sold down to $77 and Spring Valley Water to
$90 25.
The oil stocks continued quiet and feature
less.
The Queen Esther Oil Company has levied
an assessment of 10c, delinquent In office May
16; McKlttrick . Con., ¦ one of 15c; delinquent
May 20.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
MONDAY, April 22—12 m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
WATER STOCKS.
' Bid. Ask. I Bid.Ask.
4"s coupon ....113%113vg|<s coup (new).139%140Vi
4s registered.. 113H113% I !s quar coup. .Ul%112k,
. . MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bay C P C ss.103% — . Oak W Co 5s.lO2}j —
Cal-st Cab 5s. 117 — Oceanic SS 5s.lO3% —
C C Water os.UO — Om C R 6s.... 126 —
E L & P 6s...l2S%133% Pac G Imp 4s. — —
F & Cl Ry 6s. .115 — Pk & Cl R 6s.lO5 —
Geary-st R »s. — — Pk & O R 6s.. 117 —
Haw C 5V4s...lO6%— Powell-st R 6sl20 —
Haw C 5s 1C2% - . S E G & R 5s — 101
L A R R os. .113 111 . S F & SJV 5s. 118% —
L A L Co 6s.. — 102 S R of Cal 6s.llO —
00 gntd 6s.. — 104 S P of A 6s
Do gntd os. .100 102 (1909) 113 —
L A P, R R os.102% — Do (1910) ....113% —
Do 1st C 5s.. 101 — S P C 6s (1905.
Market-st C 6s — 127% Series A). ...108% —
Do 1st C 5S.122V4123 Do(Series B)107% —
N C N G R 7s — 113% Do (19C6) 110 —
N R of Cal 6s. 113 — Do (1912)
N R of Cal Ss.113 — S P C 1st g 5s. 106% —
N P R R 6s..lO2% — S P Br R 6s. .133 —
N P R R 5s. .108% — S V Water 5s.U3 —
NCR 5s 111% — Do 4s — 104
O G L & H Ss.llO^i — Do 3d mtg..lO2H —
Oak Tr Co 6s.ll5^ — Stkn G & E 6slOO —
Contra Costa.. 73?4 74 I Spring Valley. 90% 90U
Marln County. 53% — |
GAS AND ELECTRIC STOCKS.
INSURANCE STOCKS.
Flrem's Fund.232% — | *
Cent L & P... 3 — Pac Lt Co 42H 43*4
Eqult Gas .... 3% — Sac E G & R. — . —
Mut El Lt.... 4»4 - S F G & E... 42H 42%
0 G L & H.. 50 51 5an Francisco 414 4%
Pac Gas Imp. — 40 Stktn G & E. — '• 14
BANK STOCKS.
Anglo-Cal .... 72tf — Lon P & A.... 147 —
Bank of Cal.. 406 — Mer Ex (llq). 16
Cal Safe Dep.. — — B F National. — 123
1st N of S F..310 —
SAVINGS BANKS.
German 1830 1900 Sav & Loan... — —
Humboldt .... — — Security 275 .
Mutual :.. 50 — Union Trust... — —
S F Sav U....515 — ; -
STREET RAILROAD STOCKS. "
Callfornla-st . — 140 O S L & H... 40 —
Geary-st 47%— Presidio 12 30
Market-st .... 70 -
POWDER STOCKS.
Giant Con Co. 75 — IVigorit 2% 2
SUGAR STOCKS.
Hana Plan.... 7 7% Kllauea ...... 20^ —
Haw Com .... 57 53% Makewell .... 4U4 —
Honokaa 31U 32 jOnomea 23 2S16
Hutch S P 20% — iPaauhau 31
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Alaska Pack.. 134^135^ Oceanic SS Co 43 —
Cal Fruit Can 95 98 Pac A F A.. 2 —
Cal Wine Asn.100 — Pac C Bor Co. — —
Mer Ex Assn. 110 — Par Paint Co. IS —
Morning Session.
Board —
25 Alaska Packers' Association 135 00
10 California Safe Deposit 105 25
10 Contra Costa Water 73 87U
' 20 Giant Powder Con 7$ oo'
60 Hutchinson S P Co 20 75
110 Makaweli 41 25
$10,000 Oceanic Steamship bonds 103 50
2o0 Onomea Sugar Co 28 25
liO Paauhau S P Co... 31 ]2U
50 S F Gas & Electric Co. s 90 44 CO
20 S F Gas & Klectric Co 44 23
50 S F Gas & Electric Co 44 00
20 S F Gas & Electric Co 43 75
,$l,0CO S P of A bonds (1910) 11350
44 Spring Valley Water j 9150
- Afternoon Session.
Board— : .
¦ SO Alaska Packers' Association. ......135 00
15 Alaska Packers* Association 135 75
05 Alaska Packers' Association 135 50
£5 California Safe Deposit, s 3 103 50
50 Equitable Cas. b 10 3 3714
, ' 5 Giant Powder Con 77 SO
60 Giant Powder Con 77 00
- 5 Honokaa Co 3150
95 Honokaa Co 31 25
20 Hutchlnscn SP.Co 20 75
5 Kllauea Sugar^P Co... 20 50
220 Makaweli 41 »3
-5 Makaweli : 41 3714
$4,000 N P C R R fs bonds 108 75
10 Paauhau S P Co 31 i"»ti
10 S F Gas & Electric Co 4350
20 S F Gas & Electric Co.... 43 00
60 S F Gas & Electric Co 42 73
ICO S F Gas & Electric Co. s 90 ;. 42 «V
175 S F Gas & Electric Co ." " UwO
11 Spring Valley Water no
10 Spring Valley Water.. s!FiO
7Q Spring Valley .Water... ;... DO 25
Street—
20 S F Gas & Electric Co 43 73
$1,000 Spring Valley Gs bonds..; ....113 23
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session, /
EO Caribou J. ' 70
2f>0 Four ' 4S -
3C0 Home, s 30..... .....'. 3 55
uO Home 3 5;
25(i Independence 18
10CO Lion ". is
l(¥0 Lion, b CO ;.. i» .
7C0 Monarch of Arizona.. 53
' ?co Monarch of Arizona..:..'..... '. .v>
?no OH City. Petroleum ; 23
'. ICO San Joaquin Oil & Development...... 9 73
New York Grain and Produce.
REA L ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Catherine and Jules Hoch to Marl* J.
Mouret. lot on S line of Jackson street; 112:*
E of Polk, E 25 by 8 127:8Vi: $13,000.
Joseph G. Demlng to Mary A. Demlng. lot
on S line of Page street, 110 E of Laguna. E
27:6 by S 120; gift.
Edward and Sarah. A. Philips to Ellsworth
E. Johnson, lot on S line of Bush street. 137:9
E of Web3ter. E 34:4^4 by S 137:8; $15,500.
Hermann G. Trautner to Elizabeth Trautner.
lot on N line of Fell street. 137:6 W of Web
ster, W 23 by N 137:6; also lot on N line of
Page street, 152:6 E of Webster, E 25 by N 120:
gift.
Rosa and Mark Levl and Rebecca Silver
stein to Cora F. Kosctalowskl (wife of P. L.),
lot on W line of Broderick street. 110 N of
Sutter, N 27:6 by W 137:6; $5000.
Arthur Wilson to Joseshlne H. "Wilson. lot
on W line of Shotwell street. 240 N of Twenty
fourth, W 105, NE 122, S 64:9, quitclaim deed;
$1500.
Patrick Keane or Kan* to Ellen Keane. lot
on SE corner of Sanchez and Twenty-eighth
streets. S 26:S by E 100; gift.
Charles and Mary G. Jcsselyn to Axel John
son, lot on S line of Army street, 50:11 E of
Diamond. E 101:10 by S 114; also lot on NW
corner of Diamond and Twenty-seventh streets,
N 114 by W 80; $1000.
George Lamb to Joseph Cuneow lot on SW
corner of Sacramento and Stockton streets, W
40 by S 40; $4000.
Jacob G. and Elvenla D. Jackson to Elvenla
D. Jackson, recond party (life estate) and
Abbie E. Krebs (wife of Henry Jr.). third
party, lot on S line of Sutter street. 100 W of
Leavenworth, W 37:6 by S 137:6; $ .
Rolando and Rosa Lagomarsino to Fortunato
Lagomarslno. lot on NE line of Boardman
place. 200 NW of Brannan street. NW 25 by
NE 117:6; $1000.
Solomon and Dora Getz to Daniel H. Blgtts.
lot on NW corner of J street and Forty-seventh
avenue, W 32:6 by N 1C0: $:00.
Adellnde M. Hayes to Henry Falk and wife,
lot on SE corner of Union avenue and Moul
trie street. E 50 by S £0. lota 159 and 161. Gift
Man 2; $2500.
Mary C. Voorhles to Margaret S. Le Bre
ton (wife of A. J.), lots 1023 and 1030, Gift
Man 3: $10.
James J.. Joseph R.. Margaret J., Christina
G. and Margaret Stack and Minnie E. Hall to
John A. Fritz, lot on NW corner of Cortland
avenue and Wool street, N 91:4, W 56, S 89,
E 66. lots 73 and 76 and portions of lots 70
and 74. Gift Map 1: $23C0.
Louise M. Chaigrneau to John P. and Flor
ence A. Farley, lot 24. block F, Lokevlew^
$500.
Same to Annie M. FUzpatrick, lot 33, block
F, Lakeview: J500.
B. J. F. Slemer to Matilda Janson. lots 13
and 14. block 160. South San Francisco Home
stead and Railroad Association; also all other
property, real, personal and mixed; sift.
Capital Building and Loan Association to
Philippe and Eugenie Marre, lot on SW lln»
of Manitoba (Eleventh avenue). 73 SE of P
street, SE 25 by SW 100, block 227. O"N. & H.
Tract. $700.
Builders' Contracts.
Samuel G. Murphy (owner) with Walker
Bros. Company (contractors), architects Reid
Bros. — Carpenter work, etc.. for a residence on
lot on Nw corner of Pacific ave. and Broder
lck street. Western Addition block 548; $20,340.
Same owner wlta Shepard Bros, (contrac
tors), architects same— Plumbing and gasflttlng
for same on same; $S136.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— ¦ May. July.
Opening ......:... 6 9% 5 9%
Closing -. 5 10 5 10%
PARIS.
Wheat— • - ; April. May-Aug.
Opening'. 1845. 1900
Closing 18 50 19 15 • : .
Opening • ¦.......' 23 05 23 90
Closing .....23B 24 00
Chicago Livestock Market.
' CHICAGO, April • 22.— Cattle— Receipts, 27,
000, Including 400 Texans. Choice , steers
steady, others weak; butchers' stock steady.
Good to prime steers, $4 90@6;poor to me
dium, $3 S5@l 85; stockers and feeders, $2 75©
4 75; cows and heifers. $2 80@4 80; canners,
$2 15@2 75; bulls, $2 75@4 30; calves, $4@3;
Texas fed steers, $4 25@5 35; grasser-s, $3 50®
4; bulls. $2 75@3 83.
HOGS— Receipts, 29,000; to-morrow, 22,000; es
timated left over, 3000. i%.rket easier, good
clearance; top, $6 05. Ml*fcd and butchers',
$5 70@6; good to choice .heavy, $0 80@S 0o;
rough heavy, $5 65@5 75; light, $5 60@o 90; bulk
of sales, $5 S5@5 85. - ••¦
SHEEP— Receipts, 26,000.- Sheep, choice
steady, others slow; lambs weak. Top Colo
rados $5 30; good to choice wethers, $4 7o@o;
fair 'to choice mixed, $4 40@4 70 ;^ Western
sheep, $4 63^5; yearlings, $4 75@4 90; native
lambs, $4 65@a 30; Western lambs, $4 8a@o 30.
.New York Metal Market.
NEW YORK, April 22.— Quietness was prev
alent In all quarters of the metal trade to
day, owing to a lack of speculative interest.
London advices were without . particular sig
nificance, reporting unchanged prices for tin
at £116 7s 6d fcr spot and £114 5s for futures.
Locally the market was very quiet, but a shade
easier on bid futures, with final prices at
$'5 90@26 10. Buyers and sellers 'alike were
scarce. Copper was unchanged, but steady in
tone, in sympathy with a rise of 7s 6d In Lon
don. The close here was on the basis of $17
for Lake Superior and 16%c for casting and
electrolytic. Lead remains unchanged ¦ here,
while prices abroad were five shillings higher
at the close, with spot at 12s 5d. Under a
sheer lack of buying orders prices eased off.
about 5 points in spelter, but the market was
very dull with -the close finally, quiet at $3 95
®4 At London an advance of 2s 6d was
scored to £17 2s 6d. Conditions prevalent in
foundry iron were much the same as hereto
fore mentioned. Demand was light and prices
held their own. Plglron warrants, $3 oO@10 oO;
Northern foundry, $15 25@16 50; Southern foun
dry, $14@15 50, and soft Southern, $13@lo oO.
Visible Grain Supply.
*NEW YORK, April 22.— The' statement of the
visible supply of grain in store and afloat Sat r
urday, April 20, as compiled by the New York
Produce Exchange, is as follows: Wheat,
49 EGS.CCO bushels; decrease, 2,005,000. Corn,
"1 328 000 bushels; decrease. 6S9.000. Oats, 10,
911000 bushels; decrease, 360.000. Rye, 1.102.0OO
bushels; decrease. 83,000 bushels. Barley, 781,
000 bushels; decrease, 101,000.
New York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK, April 22.— The cotton market
started quiet and firm., with prices 3 points
lower to 4 points higher. A drop of 6@7 points
was of short duration, as covering set in in
the afternoon and continued practically to the
close. On this support prices once more ral
lied to the top. with the market showing a
strong undertone. Taken as a whole, business
was more active than the average of late.
Closed steady, 10@ll points higher.
Foreign Markets.
LONDON. April 22.— Silver. 27%d; French
rentes, lOlf 35c; cargoes on passage, rather
firmer; cargoes No. 1 standard California, 29s;
cargoes Walla Walla, 29s 3d; English country
markets, quiet, but steady; Import into United
Kingdom wheat, 482.000; import into United
Kingdom flour, 299,000; wheat and flour on
passage to United Kingdom, 3,960,000; . wheat
and flour on passage to Continent, 1.690,000:
Indian shipments wheat to United Kingdom,
none; Indian shipments wheat to Continent,
1000 ¦ "
LIVERPOOL. April 22.— Wheat, steady; No.
1 standard California, 6s l%d@6s 2d; wheat in
Paris steady; flour In Paris, firm; French
country markets, steady; weather in England,
fine and warm.
COTTON— Uplands, 4%d.
CLOSING.
WHEAT— Spot, full; No. 2 red Western win
ter '" 5s 10%d; No. 1 Northern spring, 6s %d;
No. 1 California, 6s l%d. Futures, firm; May,
5s 10d; July. 5s 10V*d:
CORN— Spot, firm; American mixed, new.
4s 2Ud: do old. 4s 2%d. Futures, steady;
May 4s l%d; July, 3s ll%d; September, 3s ll%d.
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND. April 2.— Clearings, $365,143;
balances, $.76,602. ',
OREGON.
Northern Wheat Market.
PORTLAND, April 22. — WHEAT — Walla
Yv'alla, 68@58%c. : .
WASHINGTON. ;
TACOMA, April 22.— WHEAT— A cent higher:
Blue Stem, B9V4c; Club, 57c.
Fruits and Salmon in London,
The London Grocers' Gazette of April 6 says
Falmon— While the approaching holidays have
e»lv«>n!»ly influenced actual business transac
tions this week a considerable amount of ani
traticn has been shown owing to the heavy ar
rivalB which we reported last week by the Al
eternixe and the Strathdon. The Dlrigo has
arrived at Liverpool this week with several
thrufand cases from Ssn Francisco. Fruits—
California fruits have shown some amount of
activity at the lower rates reported last week
and the 'market may be quoted as slightly
above the lowest jwint touched. Prices of
¦pricota especially enpear now tempting
enouph to influence the large consumption
Mcenaqr to clear the market of the heavy
mpplies available for this reason.
Dried Fruits in Nr<v York.
Ms!! advices from New York say: "The
rr.y;l:c-t generally ccminr.es in a very unsatis
factory condition, an'l except in one or two
!ine:- there Is an almost ut'ter absence of any
thing worthy to be called trade. Prunes on
th<> wpat are sslling i:i a hand-to-mouth way
only, "and at prices V.\at are now very close
to the basis ruling on tin" coast. Arrivals from
the- coast are coming to hand more freely,
and. as buying has fallen off, supplies are
becoming plentiful. Practically no buying
Irom the coa*-'t on th 1 ; new basis is heard of
and it is certain that total sales In the New
Yosk market from California since the late
cut have numbered v;ry few cars.
••Ka:s:r.s both on the spot and from the
coa<-t are absolutely btagnant. A little better
<".< mand is reported from country buyers for
aaxnxxe. and figs ar- firm and selling freely.
Apricots continue to attract some attention
from e;.oeu!ators. Th<! local house which has
been Luying right along is still in the market
fir jiriMie goous at low prices. Sale of less
than half a car was xe^orted yesterday."
Weather Report.
FAN FP-ANCISCO, April 22, 1S01— 5 p. m.
(HOth Meridian— Pacific Time.)
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date, .-s compared with those of the same date
last season, and rainfall In the last twenty
fcur hours:
demand attracted by It. In the late relapse In
prices St. Paul dropped 7 points. Northwestern
6. Baltimore and Ohio 4%, Union Pacific 4%
and a large number of the active stocks from
1 to Z points. Burlington held well at a point
or more over last night. The price of this
stock having been made an index to warrant
the advance of the whole market it was well
supported. United States Steel stocks were
weak throughout the day and show net losses of
% for the common and IVi for the preferred.
The bond market was active and broad, but
the price changes were irregular. Total sales,
par value, $6,480,000. United States bonds were
all unchanged on the last call.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Shares Closing
Sold. Stocks— Bid.
41.300 Atchison 6S%
23,500 Atchison prefd 68%
13.S00 Baltimore & Ohio 94
9,200 Canadian Pacific 95%
4.100 Canada Southern 75%
19.500 Chesai^ake & Ohio 47%
4,000 Chicago Great Western 22%
52,400 Chicago. Burlington & Quincy 193%
2.400 Chicago. Ind & Louisville 37
l.-'CO Chicago, Ind & Louisville prefd 71%
5.S00 Chicago & Eastern Illinois 128%
3,100 Chicago & Northwestern 203%
21.S00 Chicago. Rock Island & Pacific 155
5,500 C C C & St Louis 86%
15.600' Colorado Southern 13%
10.000 Colorado Southern 1st prefd 50% J
8,"uO Colorado Southern 2d prefd 24%
7.700 Delaware & Hudfon 179
1,41*0 Delaware. Lack & Western 218
2.C00 Denver & Rio Grande 46
4,610 Denver & Rio Grande prefd 95%
43,600 Eric 38%
4,200 Erie 1st prefd 70
2,200 Great Northern prefd 180%
400 Hocking Coal 19%
100 Hocking Valley 51
16,500 Illinois Central 142%
300 Iowa Central 32
200 Iowa Central prefd 61%
I^ake Erie & Western 66
£00 Lake Erie & Western prefd 128%
Lake Shore 230
16,500 Louisville & Nashville 104%
69,500 Manhattan Elevated 128%
42,200 Metropolitan Street Railway........ 174%
3,300 Mexican Central 22%
SO0 Minneapolis & St Louis S4
Minneapolis & St Louis prefd 112%
66,300 Missouri Pacific 107%
300 Mobile & Ohio 82%
20,700 Missouri. Kansas & Texas 32%
24,600 Missouri, Kansas & Texas prefd.... 63%
700 New Jersey Central 158%
15.S00 New York Central '. 153%
8,800 Norfolk & Western 54%
1,200 Norfolk & Western prefd 87%
22,300 Northern Pacific 101%
13,700 Northern Pacific orefd 98
30,300 Ontario & Western 34%
Oregon Railroad & Navigation 42
Oregon Railroad & Nav prefd 76
31,200 Pennsylvania 160%
53.600 Reading 37%
43.500 Reading 1st prefd I... 76%
19.400 Reading 2d prefd.. : 53%
Rio Grande Western 79
100 Rio Grande Western prefd 102
13,200 St Louis & San Francisco 46%
700. St Louis & San Fran 1st prefd..;.... 84%
1,700 St Louis & San Fran 2d prefd 69
1,200 St Louis. Southwestern 37%
<"00 St Louis, Southwestern prefd 66
213,100 St Paul .........168%
6,900 St Paul prefd ...: ...192
St Paul & Omaha. 140
312.S00 Southern Pacific £1%
27,700 Southern Railway 29%
6,600 Southern Railway prefd S3
'.2.S00 Texas & Pacific 47
1GLS0O Union Pacific 99
11,700 Union Pacific prefd 87%
3.900 Wabash 20%
32.100 Wabash nrefd 40%
1,200 Wheeling & Lake Erie 19
1.000 Wheeling & Lake Erie 2d prefd 35%
9.100 Wisconsin Central 20%
COO Third Avenue-. 126%
300 Baltimore & Ohio prefd 9O'.j
National Tube 66%
National Tube prefd US
Express companies—
Adams 165
American 201
1.000 United States 91"
Wells-Fars?o • 149
Miscellaneous—
S.1C0 American Cotton Oil 2S?i
American Cotton Oil prefd S6
100 American Malting 6
... ... American Malting prefd 23
44.900 American Smelting & Refln 63%
6,800 American Smelting & Refln prefd.. 38
American Spirits 2'/£
American Spirits prefd 17
American Steel Hoop 46%
American Steel Hoop prefd 95
American Steel & Wire 48
American Steel & Wire prefd 110»i
American Tin plate 76
..; American Tin Plate prefd 117
21,6tO American Tobacco 127% ,
200 American Tobacco prefd 146
6.400 Anaconda Mining Co 43% I
137,200 Brooklyn Rapid Transit ............ 86%
13.200 Colorado Fuel & Iron 96%
13,500 Continental Tobacco 46%
100 Continental Tobacco prefd 104%
Federal Steel 63%
Federal Steel prefd »..103%
1,900 General Electric 223
S00 Glucose Sugar £2
](>0 Glucose Sugar prefd 5S%
3.1'*) International Paper 25%
2.100 International Paper prefd 78
TxLClede Gas S5%
2.1C0 National Biscuit 40
National Biscuit prefd 96^
National Lead 17%
100 National Lead prefd :.. 837-g
National Steel ; 56%
National Ste«l prefd 115
100 New York Air Brake 166
500 North American 86
200 Pacific Coast ....... 63%
Pp.cific Coast 1st prefd 96
Pacific Coast 2d prefd ' 70
13.100 Pacific Mail : 40>,i
21.5W People's Gas lla"
tCOO Pressed Steel Car 43»i
3,000. Pressea Steel Car prefd S3
Pullman Palace Car 211
Standard Rope & Twine 4 :
60.SC0 Sugar 14S !
Sucar prefd 122
5,100 Tennessee" Coal & Iron C6Vi
19.110 United States Leather 14
3,lfiO United States Leather prefd 77%
100 ITnited States Rubber 2oii
100 United States Rubber prefd 60
1.R0O Western Union 93%
S6.100 AmalKamated Copper ..122*i
2,200 Republic Iron & Steel 20%
700 Republic Iron & Steel prefd 77 
125.500 United States Steel 4f.;£
57.4C0 United States Steel prefd 93$;
P C C & St Lcuis 71
2,382,500 Shares sold.
CLOSING BONDS
U S 2s refg reg... 106U N J C ren 5s 132
Do coupon 106H N Pacific 3s 7»%
Do 3s reg 110% Do 4s iO3y>
Do 3s coupon U1H N T C & St L 4s. .107*
Do. new 4s reg.. .135% N & W con 4s 101
Do new 4s coup. 139% Or Nav lsts 109
Do old 4s reg.-.. .113% Do 4s 1C5%
Do old 4s coup. ..HS^ Or Short Line 6s. 128
Do 5s reg 110>i Dp con 5s H7VA
Do 5s coupon 111% Reading gen 4s 95%
Dist of Col 3.65s. ..125 R G W lsts 101%
Atchison gen 4s... 102% St L & I M con 5s.ll.iVi
Do adj 4s: 96 StI.SSF gen 6s.l31%
Canada So 2de lOS'i St Paul cons 193
Ches & O 4%s 107% St P C & P lsts. ..118%
Do 5s 121 Do 5s 121
Chi & N con 7b 141% S Pacific 4s.: 83%
Do S F deb 5s.. ..124 S Railway 5s 117%
Chicago Term 4s... 33'4 Stand R, & T 6s... 59
Colorado So 4s 57% Tex & Pac lsts 120
D & R G 4s 101%! Do 2ds 100
Erie gen 4p SS%jU Pacific 4s 105%
F W & D C lsts...lO5%|Wabash lsts 120U
Gen Electric 5s 1RS% Do 2ds HOU
L *• N uni 4s ...103 West Shore 4s: I14*i
M K Jt T 2ds H'* Wise Cent lsts..... 89%
Do 4s 98% Va Centuries. 93
NYC lsts......... 107%
MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con... 23 Little Chief 14
Alice ." -3} Ontario 9 00
Breece 1 35 Ophir 95
Brunswick Con 21 Phoenix OS
Corr.stock Tunnel... 5 50 Potosl 07
Con Cal & Va 2 25 Savage ••¦.: . .. OS
Deadwood Terra.... 50 Sierra Nevada 27
Horn-Silver 1 lOi Small Hopes........ 65
Iron Silver.. 60. standard 4 00
Leadville Con 05
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— West End.... 1. 98%
Call loans 3 Q4~ Westinrtse Elec... 65
Time loans 4%4f»H Bonds-
Stocks— Atchison 4s .....102
Atch T & Sta Fe.. 6SVi N E Gas & C os... €0%
Do prefd 96% Mining Sharcs-
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was firm; creams. -15@19%c; dairies,
ll@18c. Cheese. 9%@llViC Eggs, firm; fresh.
12%c.
Articles— ¦¦ Receipts. Shipments.
Flour,, bbls ..: 23,000 , 20,000
Wheat, bushels 76,000 292.000
Corn, bushels 122.000 852.005
Oats, bushel , 353,000 211,000
Rye. bushels f 6,000 27,000
Barley, bushels 4.000 5.000
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour firm:
No. 3 spring. 70®72c; No. 2 red, 72®74c; No. 2
corn, 46c; No. 2 yellow, 46c; No. 2 oats. 2ti%c; No.
2 white, 29@29%c; No. 3 white, 28©29c'; No. 3
rye. 53® 54c; good feeding barley, 46c; fair to
choice malting, 52@55c: No. 1 flaxseed, $1 58;
No. 1 ¦ northwestern, $159; prime timothy seed,
$3 67%; mess pork, per bbl. $14 «0@14 77%; lard,
per 100 lbs, $8 17%@8 25; short ribs sides (loose),
$8 05Q8 26; dry salted shoulders (boxed), 6T4@
7%c;. short dear sides (boxed), $8 23©8 37%;
whisky, basis of high wines, $1 27; sugars, cut
loaf, 6.14c; granulated, 5.67c; confectioners'
"A,' 1 . 5.44c; off "A," 6.29c; clover, contract
grade. $11. \ . • .
Silver advanced. Sterling Exchange firm.
IV heat and Barley firm, but not materially changed.
Oats very strong- and closely held. Com and Rye dull.
Bran in light supply and firm. Hay featureless.
Nothing nczu in Beans and Seeds. .
Oregon Potatoes advanced. Nczu Potatoes also higher.
Butter being offered at cut prices. Cheese steady and Eggs easy.
Twelve cars of Oranges auctioned.
Evaporated Apples firmer and getting scarce.
Provisions listless and rather easy.
Meat market unchanged.
Fair trading on the local stock exchanges.
Two cars of Eastern Poultry offered.
American Sugar... 148H 1 Adventure 17%
a Do prefd 122'i Bingham Mln Co.. 27%
Armr Telephone.. ..175 Amalg Copper 122%
Boston & Albany.. 264«4 Atlantic 8t%
Boston Elevated... 175 Boston & Mont.... 438
Boston & Maine. ...197 Butte & Boston. ...116
Chi B & Q 1944l Calumet & Hecla..83S
Dominion Coal 37% Centennial 30
prefd us Franklin 19%
Fitclihurg prefd. ...147% Humboldt 25
E«l Elec III 240 Osccola 87 I
Mexican Central... 22 Parrot 66%
N E Gas & Coke... 12% Quincy 178^
Old Colony..... 210% Santa Fe Copper... 8%
Old Dominion 34% Tamarack S35
Rubber 20 Utah Mining 83%
Union Pacific 9ST» Wlnona 4%
Union Land 4 Wolverines 64
New York Money Market.
NEW YORK, April 22.— Money on call, steady
at 3Vs®5 per cent; last loan, 4 per cent; ruling
rate, 4 per cent Prime mercantile paper, 4®
<% per cent. Sterling exchange, strong, with
actual business in bankers' bills at $4 88% for
demand and at $4 85@4 85% for sixty days.
Posted rates. $4 85%@4 86 and $4 89. Commer
cial bills. $4 84@4 84%. Silver certificates,
nomtnal, 60c. Bar silver, 60*»c Mexican dol
lars, 4SHc. Government bonds, steady; State
bonds,, inactive; railroad bonds, irregular.
London Market.
NEW YORK, April 21— The Commercial
Advertiser's London financial cablegram says:
Only a fair business was done on the Stock
Exchange here to-day, and that was irregu
lar In tone. Interest was centered in the is
sue of the £60,000,000 of new console at SIM.
half of which was placed before the announce
ment was made. The syndicate to float the
issue is made up of big men in London, on the
Continent and In America. jThe mosf promi
nent names are the Rothschilds, Morgans, Cas
sel, Wernher and Belt, and It is said that. the
whole issue has already been over-subscribed.
It is believed also, however," that the sub
scribers will be disappointed, since so many
the holders of the old consols have sold out
in anticipation of the new issue that the price
of consols has been depressed to 94%. In con
sequence of this the premium of the new issue,
which at the opening was 1 per cent, declined
to one-half per cent.
American shares were subjected ¦ to several
spasms to-day, but were on the whole fairly
firm until the opening in New York. There
was a sharp break, which was accompanied
by some talk of the floods, which affected
particularly the Atchisons, Eries and Norfolk
and Westerns. After that there was a gen
eral partial rally in the street under the lead
ership of a spurt tn St. Paul. The strongest
feature was Southern Pacific, which was
bought on a tip from' New York. Money is
scarce on a demand for deposit against the
new issue of consols.
Silver was strong on purchases for ¦ the
CLOSING.
LONDON. April 22.— Atchison, 71%; Canadian
Pacific, 99; Union Pacific preferred, 91; North
ern Pacific preferred, 100% ; Grand Trunk, 9;
Anaconda. 10% ; bar ¦ silver, strong, 27 15-16d ;
money, 2\i per cent.
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON. April 22.— To-day's : state
ment of the Treasury balances In the general
fund, exclusive of the $150,000,000 gold reserve
in the division, of redemption, shows: . Avail
able cath balance, $153,137,278; gold, $95,345,078.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Wheat No '2 —
Articles— -' Open. High. Low.- Close.
May... . 71% 72% 7tt4 72%
July ......; ;... 73ft 73V4 71% 72Ti
I Corn No. 8— '
April ;....... 44T» 45% «% «%
May 44% 46H 44* • 46*,
July 44 45 43* 44%
Oats No. 2—. ¦-.-.•.!,
May... ,25% 26tt 25H 26
July 25V4 25% 25H 25Vi
Mess Pork, per bbl —
May '....... °14 874 1* 42« 14 87V4 14 «H
July ....; 14 55 14 60 14 55 14 67V4.
Lard, per 100 lbs— *
May .I.:............ 8 07H 8 15- 8 07H 8 15
July 8 02ft 8 05 8 00 8 024
September 8 00 8 O2'4 8 00 8 02'.,
May 0^!:.^ ISFi» ¦¦• • 17* •»¦
July, 7.95. .7 85 7 92V4 7 92tf
September 7 90 7 90 7 85 7 87^
100 Toltec M ¦
Afternoon Session.
Board —
600 California-Standard f>
600 Caribou 83
5 Hanford • 93 TO
100 Home 3 *S
50 Kern 7 12'i
50 Monarch of Arizona 2*
SCO Occidental of West Virginia 11
100O Petroleum Center U
10O Sterling JO.".
300 Sunset (original) 30
100 Wolverines 113
SAN FRANCISCO OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
Board —
100 Four Oil Co 5f»
S Hanford 9S 00
i:t> Lion IS
500 Monarch of Arizona ¦"><
50 Peerless S :r.
50 Peerless, b 80 : 8 30
Afternoon Session.
Board—
100 Caribou 70
•00 Four Oil Co SO
10O Home Oil J «>
20 Kern Oil 7 37'J
1 1000 Monarch of Arizona S9
ISO Petroleum Center l»
100 San Joaquin Oil & Development 9 7.'»
•3 Sterling JOS
MINING STOCKS.
The following were the sales In the Saa
Francisco Stock and Exchange Board yester
day:
Morning Session.
400 Belcher IS* 1C0 Mexican J7
100 Challenge 13 SCO Ophir 103
100 Chollar 10 200 Overman S>
250 Con Cal & Vo..2 33 400 Savage 10
600 Gould & Curry 13 300 Sierra Nevada. 30
1500 Justice 06
Afternoon Session.
100 Best & Belcher 21 600 Ophir 1 03
200 Chollar 10 25 Ophir 100
600 Con Cal & Va..2 30 100 Potosl 09
BOO Crown Point..." 13 1 200 Sterra Nevada. 2X
600 Gould & Curry 19! 200 Silver H1U 33
500 Justice 06 200 Standard 4 CO
400 Mexican 33 350 Union Con ..« 13
The following were the sale* tn the Pacific
Stock Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
200 Belcher 18 SCO Mexican SS
2C0 Caledonia 6S 300 Mexican 3)
150 Con Cal & Va..2 35 850 Ophtr 1 03
400 Con Cal & Va..J 30 300 Ophir 1 10
200 Crown Point... 19 200 Overman 20
300 Mexican «7 200 Savage Id
Afternoon Session.
200 Andes , 08-1100 Ophir 1 05
200 Best & Belcher 21 300 Ophir 1 02' V
300 Con Cal & Va..2 30 200 Overman 29
100 Confidence 70 200 Savage 09
500 Gould & Curry IS 200 Sierra Nevada. R
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
MONDAY, April 22—4 p. m.
Bld.Ask. BId.AsS.
Alpha 03 05 JustlC9 06 07
Alta 06 07 Kentuck 01 03
Andes 05 06 Lady Wash ... 01 02
Belcher 17 18 Mexican 38 37
Best & Belcher 20 21 Occidental 03 G5
Bullion — 05 Ophir 100 105
Caledonia 69 72 Overman IS 19
Challenge Con.. 13 15 Potosl 08 09
Chollar 09 11 Savage 09 10
Confidence' 63 70 Scorpion — 01
Con Cal & Va..2 30 2 33 Segr Belcher ... 03 Ot
Con Imperial... — 01 Sierra Nevada. 28 27
Con New York. — 01 Silver Hill 38 40
Crown Point... 17 19 St Louis 0« —
Eureka Con.... 06 — Standard 3 90 —
Exchequer — 01 Syndicate — 05
Gould & Curry 18 19 Union Con .... 14 13
Hale & Noro... 25 27 Utah 04 05
Julia — 02 Yellow Jacket.. 14 18
keeps the market from advancing. The ¦ feel-
Ing is one of firmness, however, but the de
mand Is ' slack, for the reason Just given.
Feed, 83%c for choice bright. 80@82Vic for No.
1 and 77V4@7S%tc for off grades; Brewing and
Shipping grades. 85@S7Hc: Chevalier, nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— No sales.
Second Session— December—2000 ctls, 7Sfcc;
2000. 78%c; 4000. 79c. - . •
Regular Morning Session— December — 4300
Ctls. 78%c; 6000. 78%c; 10.000, 7SHC
Afternoon Session— No sales.
OATS— The market continues • closely held
and , very firm, though beyond a slight ad
vance In Black there is no further rise.
White. $1 37HW1 50; Surprise, nominal; Red,
$1 32H®1 43; Black, $1 17H®1 27H per ctl.
CORN— Yellow, $1 10@l 15; White, $110®
1 15; Eastern Mixed. $1 124 per ctl.
RYE-S0@S2Hc per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— Is quoted at $1 63®1 70 per
ctl, , ex-warehouse.
Flour and Millstuffs.
FLOUR— California Family Extras. $3 S5©3 BO.
urutl terms; Bakers' Extras, $3 135J3 25; Ore
gon. $2 75©2 85 per barrel for family and $2 730
3 for bakers'; Washington bakers'. $2 73(83.
M1LLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Uraham
Tiour.- $3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour. ' $2 75: Rye
Meal. $2 60; Rice Flour. $7; Corn Meal, $2 75;
extra cream do, $3 50: Oat Groats, $4 SO: Horn*
lny. $3 50®3 75: Buckwheat Flour. $4@4 25;
Cracked wheat. $3 50: Farina. $4 60; Whole
Wheat Flour. $3 25: Rolled Oats (barrels). $6 1»
67 60; In sacks. $5 751/7 25: Pearl Barley, $5;
Split Peas. $3; Green Peas. $6 50 per 100 lbs.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
Bran Is In light supply and firm. There is
nothing new In Hay, one way or the other.
BRAN— $16@16 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $16 60@19 60 per ton. "
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley, $17 50©tt per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, $25@26; Jobbing,
$26 50; Cocoanut Cake, $17@1S; Corn Meal, $25®
25 60; Cracked Corn, $23 50026; Mixed Feed.
$io@ie. .. - -
HAT— Volunteer, $3(08: Wheat, $11@13: Wheat
and Oat, $0@12: Oat, $3@11 50; Clover, nominal;
Alfalfa, $8@9 50: Barley. $7 50@9 50 per ton.
STRAW— 35@47%c per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
Previous prices rule, with a dull business.
BEANS— Bayos, $2 50@2 70; Small White. $4 75
@4 90; Large White, $4® 4 15; Pink, $1 60@l 85;
Red, $3@3 25: Blackeye. $2 75^)3; Limas, $6 25
@6 50: Pea, nominal; Red Kidney. $4 50 per ctl.
SEEDS — Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow.
Mustard, nominal; Flax. $2 S0@3; Canary, 3%@
3%c for Eastern: Alfalfa, 7%@8%c for Califor
nia and 9@9%c for Utah; Rape, 2@2V&c; Hemp,
3%c; Timothy. 6%c.
DRIED PEAS— Nlles. $2@2 60; Green, $2 70®
3 per ctl ; Blackeye, nominal.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Oregon Potatoes are' very Una and one sale
at $1 25 was made yesterday. Dealers* are
holding, out for this figure, but buyers are shy.
about paying It. The other old Potatoes are
firm and new are also doing better. There la
no particular- change In Onions, though new
gAen are In liberal supply, dull and weak.
The steamer Tanls Is in with 300 crates of
Mexican Tomatoes.
The canners paid l^c per lb for Green
Peas. There was no particular change in the
other Vegetables, f
Three cars of •Merced Sweet Potatoes
came in.
Receipts were 1600 boxes Asparagus, 251 boxes
Rhubarb, 843 sacks Bay Peas and 454 sacks
New Potatoes.
POTATOES— Early Rose, - 70@90c: Burbanks,
45®70c for River and $1@1 20 for Oregon;
Sweets. 50@60c for Merced; New Potatoes,
l@l%c per lb.
ONIONS— Oregons, $3@3 50 per ctl; Nevadas,
$3@3 50; Cut Onions, 50c@$l 25 per sack; Austra
lians, $3 50@4; Green Onions, 25@40c per box;
New White, $3<Si3 50; New Red, $2.
VEGETABLES — Rhubarb, , 50c@$l 25 per box;
Asparagus, $1 75 for fancy, $1 25©1 50 per box
for No. 1 and 60c@$l for No. 2; Green Peas,
75c@$l per sack; String Beans, 5@9c for Los
Angeles and for Vacaville ; Cabbage, 50@
60c; Tomatoes, Mexican, $3 per crate;
Dried Peppers. 12@18c; Dry Okra, 20@25c per
lb; Carrots, 25@35c per sack; Hothouse Cucum
bers — ju - per dozen; Summer Squash,
per box; Garlic, 8@10c per lb.
Poultry and Game.
Two cars of Eastern were on the market
Receipts of local stock were slender. .
POULTRY — Live Turkeys, 9010c for Gob
blers and 12@13o for Hens; Geese, per pair.
$1 50@l 75; Goslings, $2 25@2 75; Ducks,- $5@6
for old and $6@7 50 for young;. Hens. $3 50@3;
voung Roosters, $6 50@7 50; old Roosters. $3 50
@4; Fryers. $5@6; Broilers, $4@4 50 for
large and J2@3 50 for small; Pigeons. $2 per
dozen for old and $2 50@2 75 for Squabs.
GAME— Gray Geese,' $3: White Geese. $1;
Brant $1 50; ' English Snipe. $3; Jack Snipe.
$'• Hare. $125; Rabbits. $125 for Cottontail
and 75c@$l for Brush.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
There Is considerable pressure. to sell Butter,
owing to the dull market and large stocks,
and dealers are sending out cards broadcast,
offering the pick of their floors at 16@16^c
In spite of this stocks are accumulating.
Cheese is steady and unchanged. .
Eggs are easy and the top quotation is less
easy to obtain than it was a few days ago.
Receipts are free and dealers report larger
stocks on their floors.
Receipts were 91,100 pounds and 220 tubs of
Butter. 13S4 cases Eggs. cases Eastern
Eggs, 17,400 pounds : California Cheese and
pounds Eastern Cheese.
OPEN MARKET QUOTATIONS.
BUTTER— Creamery, 16>6@17i£c per lb for
fancy and lCc for seconds; dairy, 14@16c per
lb .'.,-..
CHEESE— Choice mild, new, .9V6@NH$c; old,
9c per lb.
EGGS— Ranch. 15%@17c for good to fancy;
store. 13@15c per dozen.
DAIRY EXCHANGE QUOTATIONS.
BUTTER—
Creamery— Extras, 16c; firsts, 15c; seconds.
Dairy— Extras, 15c; firsts, 14Hc; seconds, ;
store, 12c.
1 CHEESE — Fancy, full cream, 9%c: choice,
9c; common, nominal; Toung Americas, lOV&c;
Eastern, full cream, 14®16c per lb.
EGGS— -
California Ranch— Selected White, 15V4c;
mixed colors. 14'.^c per dozen.
California Gathered — Selected, 13%c; standard,
13c; seconds, .
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
. Twelve cars of Oranges were auctioned as
follows: Fancy Navels, 95c@$l 90; choice do,
SOe(§$l 15; standard do, 73c@$l 30; Seedlings,
70@90c; Valenclas, $2 05@2 25; Mediterranean
Sweets,. $1@1 10. .
. Oranges. Lemons and Limes remain precisely
as before quoted.
The steamer Tanls ' brought up 'fresh Pine
apples from Acapulco.
Cherries are declining under increasing re
ceipts and a good many of them are the small
red ones which are not wanted.
Strawberries continue to bring good prices.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS
CHERRIES—Receipts were 28 boxes, selling
at 75c@$2 per box.
STRAWBERRIES — $7^10 per chest for Long
worths and $7@S for large berries. Receipts
were 182 chests.
APPLES— *1<6 2 50 per box. ,' ' - -
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges, Jl@2 25;
Seedlings. 75c<@$l: Tangerines, ,50c(2!$l 25: Lem
ons, 75c@$l 25 for common and $1 50@2 50 for
good to choice; Grape Fruit. 50cS$l 50; Mexican
Limes $4 B0; Bananas. $15093 per bunch for
New Orleans and 75c@$l 50 for Honolulu;.Pine
apples, $.1 B0@4 per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
The newest thing In this market Is a scarcity
in Evaporated Apples, which are now In good
demand, but hard to obtain in round' lots, and
prices have advanced from '*sc to lc. j Otherwise
there is nothing new. .
FRUITS— Apricots, 5@7%c for Royals and
8%@10c for Moorpark.i; Evaporated Apples,
4iS6c; sun-dried,. lVi@2c: Peaches, 3@3V4c for
standard. 4@5c for choice and 6®6c lor tancy;
Pears 2@7c; Plums, pitted. 3%@5c; unpltted,
l@l%c: Nectarines, . 4@4%c for red and 4@5o
for white.
PRUNES— Santa Clara, 4 sizes, 2c: 30-40s. — ;
40-50s, <5%c; 50-60s, 3%c; 60-70s, 2%c; 70-SOs,. 2%c;
80-90s, l%c: 90-lOOs, l%c; 100- 120s.; l%c. These
prices apply to all districts alike, no more dis
crimination being made. ¦' •
RAISINS— The Raisin Growers' Association
has established the following prices: Bleached
Thompson's fancy, lie per lb; choice, lie;
standard 10c; prime. 9c; unbleached Thomp
son's 9c per lb. Sultanas— Fancy, lO&eper lb;
choice. 9Hc; standard. S%c; prime, Sc; un
bleached Sultanas, 8c; .Seedless. 50-lb boxes,
6V4c; • 4-crown, 7c; 3-crown, 6V£c; 2-crown, 6c.
Pacific brand, 2-crown. 5c; 3-crown, 514c, and
4-crown. 6V4c; seeded (Fresno prices). 5c; Lon
don Layers.' 2-crown, $1 50 per box; 3-crown,
$1 60: Fancy Clusters, $2; Dehesa. $2 50; Im
perial, f 3. All prices f. o. b. at common ship
ping points In California. ~
NUTS-Chestnuts. S©10c per lb for Italian;
Walnuts. No. 1 softshell. 10c; No. 2, 7%c; No.
1 hardshell. S%c: No. 2. 7c; Almcnds. 12@l;>c
for papershell. 0@llc for softshell: Peanut*.'
B@6c for Eastern; Brazil Nuts. ll@HV»c; Fil
berts. .12@12%c; Pecans. U@l3c; Cocoanuts!
J3 50(55.
HONET— Comb, 13H®14c for bright and 12*^
«?13c for light amber: water white extracted,
7<g7Hic; light amber extracted. 5S6c; dark, 4ft
5c per lb. ¦ • •-
BEESWAX— 25@2Sc per lb.
Provisions.
Dealers continue to quote a listless market
and easy prices. . '"
. CURED MEATS— Bacon. 12c per lb for
heavy. 12%©13c for light medium. lV/ic for
light. 14>4c for extra light and 15>4c for sugar
cured; Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 13c: Mess
Beef. 112 per barrel: extra Mess. $12 60; Fam
ily. $13 50; prime Mess Pork. *15<rl5 50: extra
clear, $22 50; Mess, $13; Smoked Beef. 14e per
lb.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 6Xc per lb for
compound and 10%e for pure; half -barrels,
pure. 10£c: 10-lb tins. UVic: 5-lb tins. HHc
COTTOLENE— One half-barrel. SHc; three
half-barrels. S^c; one tierce. SHc: two tierces.
SVic; five tierces, S?»c per lb. --\i*'.* r
Hides, TalloitL Wool and Hops.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about l%c under quotations. Heavy Salted
Steers, 9Hc; medium, Sttc; flight. 8c. Cow
Hides, SMc for heavy and 8c for light; Stags.
6c: Salted Kip. 9c: Salted Veal. 9c: Salted
Calf. 10c: Dry Hides. 15ttc: Culls. 13c: Dry
Kip, 13c; Dry Calf. lCc: Culls and Brands, 120
13c; Sheepskins, shearlings, 15M25c each: short
Wool, 20$ 40c each: medium. BOjft'Sc: long Wool.
73o(J7$l each; Horse Hides, salt. $2 50 for large
and $2#2 25 for medium. $1$M 25 for small and
EOc for Colts: Home Hides, dry. $1 75 for large,
$1 25 for medium. $1 for small and 50c for Colts.
Deemklns— Summer or red skins. S3c: fall or
medium skins. 30c; winter or thin skins. 10c
Goatskins— Prime Angoras. 75c; large and
smooth, 50c; medium. 35c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4Hc per lb: No. J.
3%©4c: grease, 2@2%c.
WOOL-Sprlng. 1900 or 1901— Humboldt and
Mendocino. lSJMfic per lb: Northern, free. 12©
13c; defective, 9ftllc: Middle County, free. 100
lie: do, defective. S@10c; Southern. 12 months,
8©0c; Southern, free. 7 months. 7<rl0c: do, de
fective, 7 months, 7®8c; Oregon Valley, fine,
loQISc: do. medium and coarse, 14®15c; Oregon.
Eastern, choice. 12®14c; do, fair to good. »©Uc ;
Nevada. 10©12c.
HOPS— 1502O<^ per lb.
San Francisco Meat Market.
Prices for everything remain the samet
BEEF— 7®8c for Steers and 6®7c per lb for
cows.
VEAL— Large. 7©8c; small. 8® 9c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, S@8%c; Ewes.,7H©Sc per
pound.
LAMB— Spring. 9@9%c per pound.
PORK— Live Hogs. ISO lbs and under. 69ic:
180 to 225 lbs. 6H@6Hc: 225 and over, 6<JJ6Vic;
feeders, ; dressed Hogs. 8%@9Vjc.
General Merchandise.
BAGS — San Quentln Bags, $3 65; Calcutta
Grain Bags, 6%®6%c; local make. %c less than
Calcuttas; Wool Bags, 30®34c; Fleece Twine,
7%@8c.
COAL— Wellington. $9 per ton; Southfleld
Wellington. *9; Seattle. 17 : Bryant. $6 50; Coos
Bay, $5 50; Wallsend. $9; Co-operative Walls
end, $9; Cumberland, $12 In bulk and $13 25 in
sacks: Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $11; Can
nel. $10 per ton: Coke, $15 per ton in bulk and
$17 In sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions,
$S 45 per 2000 pounds and $3 50 per ton, accord
ing to brand. '
SUGAR— The Western Surar Reflnery Com
pany quotes, per lb, in 100-lb bags:
Crushed. 6.15c; Powdered. 5.75c; Candy Gran
ulated. 5.75c: Dry Granulated, 5.63c: Confec
tioners' A. 5.65c; Fruit Granulated. 5.80c-
Magnolia A. 5.25c: Extra C, 5.15c; Golden C
5.05c: barrels, 10c more; half-barrels, 23c more
boxes. EOc more; 50-lb bags. 10c more. No
orders taken for less than 75 barrels or Its
equivalent. Domlnos, half-barrels, 6.40c; boxes.
6.65c per lb.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR MONDAY, APRIL 22.
Flour, qr sks .... 8.880!Tanow, ctls .... S14
Wheat, ctls 15,482iSugar. ctla 5 300
Barley, ctls 3,715 Lime, bbls 273
Oats, ctls 20 Wine, gals 120 250
Corn, ctls 50 Leather, rolls.... 86
Beans, ctls 300. Quicksilver, Csks 8
Bran, sks 1,665 j Raisins, bxs .... BOO
Potatoes, sks ... 3.012'PeIts. bdls 325
Hops, bales ...;. 54 1 Hides. No 624
Wool, bales 1,236 »
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, APRIL 23, 1901.
ruled steady in sympathy with corn, but the
range was narrow. July pork closed a shade
higher, lard unchanged and ribs 2t£c lower.'
The leading futures ranged as follows:
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
Foreign Futures.
THE STOCK MARKET.
Chicago Grain Market.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Exchange and Bullion.
There was. quite an advance In Silver.
Sterling Exchange was firm.
Sterling Exchange, ; 60 days...... — $4 85%
Sterling Exchange, sight.... — -4 88%
Sterling Cables ......— 4 90
New York Exchange, sight — . . • lb
Nw York Kxchange. telegraphic — 17U
Silver, per ounce — 60%
Mexican Dollars, nominal 49ft © 50
Wheat and Other Grains
8
TH
«, !
I Last This- I
24 Hours Season, j
I Last
I Season
r.-.
Ba
I'r
In
Lo
urek
Id 13
aera:
an I-
rpFn
lder*
Ml L
os A
in V
a .
L-tiUfi
men
F: ar
.uis
Diet
IT'.'.
oto
nci
eri.
I O
eie
to.
o
•is
ice
)b;
ss.
j
ECO
e
>ispo
i
44.59
22.67
17.60
18.99
.... 10.3S
5.80
27.8S
14.17
.... I 10.53
47.95
21.73
17.32
18.10
7.94
•2.82
15.S2
6.03
3.57
TH
«, !
I Last This- I
24 Hours Season, j
I Last
I Season
r.-.
Ba
I'r
In
Lo
urek
Id 13
aera:
an I-
rpFn
lder*
Ml L
os A
in V
a .
L-tiUfi
men
F: ar
.uis
Diet
IT'.'.
oto
nci
eri.
I O
eie
to.
o
•is
ice
)b;
ss.
j
ECO
e
>ispo
i
44.59
22.67
17.60
18.99
.... 10.3S
5.80
27.8S
14.17
.... I 10.53
47.95
21.73
17.32
18.10
7.94
•2.82
15.S2
6.03
3.57MEXICAN BAUT>IT SLAYS
AMERICAN BROTHERS
PHOENIX, A. T.. April 22.— News has
just been received here of the murder of
Frank and Charles Leal by Francisco
Valdez, a Mexican bandit, at Hardshell
mining camp, near Nogales, a few days
ago. The Leals 'were Americans who were
employed at the Hardshell mine. Valdez
started a row with them in a saloon and
then shot them both. After they had
fallen he shot each again through the
head, and then battered their skulls -with
the butt of his revolver.
Death Stops a Stitched Heart.
ST. LOUIS. April 22.— Philip Gunn, wh->
was stabbed in the heart Saturday night
and was made "the subject of a heroic
operation at the CUy Hospital, where Dr.
H. L. Nletert, the superintendent, sewed
up the wound in that organ, died to-dav.
Dr. Nletert took three stitches In Gunn'a
heart. Salt water replaced the lost bloort
and heart stimulants kept the man alive
until to-day.
Sheep Quarantine Upheld.
WASHINGTON. April 22.— In the United
States Supreme Court to-day Justice
Brewer handed down an opinion in tha
case of Raamusaen vs. the State of N>
vada. In which he affirmed the constitu
tionality of the law of the State, of Idaho
authorizing a quarantine against sheep in
outside Stat* supposed to b« aiTectM by
an infectious disease. The decision of tha
Supreme Court of the State of Nevada
was arilrine.l.
OF INTEREST TO THE COAST.
WASHINGTON, April 22.— The Post
offlce Department has Issued the follow
ing: Postofflce established: Calif ornla.—
Imperial. San Diego County, William T.
Heffernan, postmaster. Postofflce discon^
tinued, April 30: Washington— Bucyrus,
Clallam County, mail to Clallam. Post
master commissioned: California— Sarah
J. Sancomb, Thermalito. Postmaster ap
pointed: California— B. H. Terry. Cool, El
Dorado . County, vice A. T. Conroy, re
moved.
.These pensions were issued to-day: Cali
fornia—Original—John H. Morton. White
House, $12. War with Spain— Original-
Henry Yates. San Diego, $6. . .
Oregon —^Original — Abednego Bower,
Portland, J6: Isaac Williamson. Wlnslow,
$10; Henry Hunter, Portland, $8. Supple
mental — James B. Mellott, Dayton. $6.
Washington — Original — Andrew W.
Eaton, Centralla. JS. Increase^-Elexious
Coleman, Verndale, >17. Original widows,
special, accrued April 11— Susan B. Col
well, Skamokawa, |S. • ¦ •¦ -
To-day's army orders, announce that
Captain Frederick W. Cole, quarter
master, is to go to San Francisco for as
signment to duty aa quartermaster and
acting commissary j on the J transport
Samoa. '
Editor Violates Postal Laws.
• DENVER. April 23.— Thomas Shelton,
editor of the Christian, a monthly publi
cation of thla city, was arrested to-day
on an indictment returned by the Fed
eral Grand Jury which charges him with
using the mail* to defraud, Shelton pro*
fen&ea to cure all mental and physical Ilia
by nendinsr vibration*. He came to Den
ver from Arkansas about two yearn ago.
Taken From Her by Her
Husband, Who Then > 1^
Disappears.
With tears streaming down, her, cheeks
a handsome young woman entered the
office of the Bond and Warrant Clerk in
the Hall of Justice yesterday and asked
for a warrant for the arrest of her hus
band for kidnaping. The woman gave her
name as Maud Shaughnessy and her resi
dence Sacramento. Her husband is Henry
Shaughnessy, who Is well known In the
capital city.'
According to the woman's story she and
her husband and their two-year-old girl
arrived here three days ago from Sacra,:
mento and went to live in a lodging-house
on Eleventh street, near Mission. Short
ly after noon yesterday Shaughnessy In
duced his /wife and child to take a walk
with him. claiming that he was anxious
to see a friend who owed him money. As
they walked down Mission street Shaugh
nessy pretended that he was in need of
a drink of whisky, and picking up his lit
tle daughter he told his wife to wait a
few. minutes until he returned* from, a
saloon close* bv. --
Mrs. Shaughnessy waited for nearly
half an hour for the return of her hus
band and child and then, suspecting some
thing was ' wrong, she went into the
saicon and inquired for her husband. To
her great surprise she learned that he
had left the place by a rear door, taking
the child with him.
Frantic with grief and ! convinced that
she had been deserted and robbed of her
child, Mrs. Shaughnessy hurried to police
headquarters and asked for a warrant
for her husband's arrest.
i After the warrant had been issued Mrs.
Shauerhnessy. while riding in a Powell
stre<it car, espied her husband and child
sitting on the dummy. . The distracted
woman attempted to get possession of her
little girl, calling upon the passengers to
assist her. The conductor, however, took
the part of Shaughnessy and forced the
weman off the car. She managed to se
cure the shawl that was wrapped around
her child, and with this as a souvenir of
tho struggle, went to police headquarters
and pleaded with the officer In charge to
tind her child. • •
"I know he intends to keep her from
me." she tearfully cried. "For God's sake
don't let him rob me of my only treas
ure." "¦„ • ¦
Captain Seymour at once detailed two
of the men to find Shaughnessy with, in
structions to arrest him and the child.
As it is believed that he intends to re
turn to Sacramento Captain Seymour has
wired to Chief of Police Sullivan of that
city to take him into custody.
Maud Shaughnessy Begs
Police to Find Her
MOTHER PLEADS
FOR HER CHILD
WASHINGTON. April 22.— In the) United
States Supreme Court to-day Chief Jus
tice Fuller announced the final adjourn
ment of the court of the term on May 27.
The call of the docket will be suspended
next Friday and the court will take a re
cess next Monday until May 13. No Inti
mation has been given by tb« court as to
when the decision of the insular cases
may be expected, or whether they will be
decided at all before final adjournment.
An opinion was handed down to-day In
the case of H. I. Bedford vs. the Eastern
Building and Loan Association of Syra
cuse, N. Y. This grew out of tho
sale of stock in the building association to
Bedford and the making of a loan to him
in 1S91, he being a resident of Tennessee.
Bedford made default in the payment of
his note and pleaded the violation of a law
of Tennessee requiring the deposit of
funds by building associations doing busi
ness In the State. The court held, how
ever, that the loan was a contract, which
the act of the State Legislature could not
Impair.
The attention of the court was given to
day largely to the question of the right
of one State to quarantine against an
other. The contention arose in connection
with the case K W. P. Smith vs. the St.
Louis and Western Railway Company, in
volving quarantine regulations against
the importation of cattle in 1897. The cat
tle shipment upon which this case turned
was made by Smith over the St. Louis
road from Plain Dealing, La,, to Fort
Worth. Tex., the officials of the road be
ing unaware that a quarantine had been
established, which had been done by the
Texas officials. When the existence of
this restriction became known, the rail
road company refused to deliver the stock
to the consignee and reshlpped them to
Plain Dealing. Smith refused to receive
them, as he also did the proceeds of their
sale. Smith then brought suit for dam
ages, contending that the regulation was
an interference with interstate commerce
and unjustified by the facts.
The trial court sustained this regulation.
but the Stat© Court of Appeals reversed
the decision, holding: in favor of the com
pany. To-day's opinion affirmed the lat
ter decision on the ground that the State
has a right, under Its police power, to pro
tect itself against infectious diseases, even
though commerce may be incidentally In
terfered with in the regulations for such
protection. Justices Harlan and White
united In a dissenting opinion and Justice)
Brown delivered a dissenting opinion of
his own.
The principal op'ilon in the case was de
livered by Justice McKenna.
Opinion Is Rendered in' the
Case of Cattle Importa
tion.
Supreme Court Says the
States Can Protect
Themselves..
JUSTICES PASS
ON QUARANTINE
ABDUCTED RANDALL GIRL '
RESTORED TO PBIENDS
Special Officer." Finds Cliild ; in • Sacra
mento Resort—Another Lost
Orphan' Recovered. .
Myrtle Randall, Uie 14-year-old girl who
was spirited away to Sacramento by
Emlle Robin just as Secretary White of
the Society for the Prevention of Cruelty
was about to rescue her from' a life of
shame, was brought back to this city yes
terday by Officer Daniel Healy of the Sac
ramento society. - ;>\-
Robln had taken the grtrl to live In th»
"Cafe Paris," in Sacramento. The girl
has been restored to her aunt, Mrs. Smith,
pending the granting of letters of guard
ianship to the charitable society.
Officer Healy took back with him to
Sacramento Hilda Grumsen. who wa*
taken from tha Protestant Orphan Asy
lum In that city by her sister. She was
traced to this city at the time of her dis
appearance in March, but was not located
till last 8aturday, when she waa found
living with Margaret Peer, whp;heepa a
grocery and «mloon at the' corner of Noe
and Clipper streets.
SMITH IS DEFEATED
AND FATALLY INJURED
New York Pugilist Fares Badly at
the Hands of Jack
Roberts.,
LONDON, April 22.— At the National
Sporting Club, London, to-night, • Jack
Koberts of Eng$land knocked out Billy
Smith, the American, in the eighth round.
The fight was for the nine-stone cham
pionship of England.
During the first three rounds everything
was In favor of Smith, who showed him
self decidedly the more clever of the two
men, but for the remainder of the contest
Roberts had his own way and he dealt
out a lot of severe body punishes. In the
eighth round Smith made no attempt
whatever to defend himself. He was
twice.knocked down and then counted out.
Subsequently it became known that
Smith's right arm was dislocated In the
fourth round, and- at the finish his legs
were badly cramped.
After the fight Smith was removed to
a hospital, where he was still unconscious
at 5 o'clock • this morning. It is feared
that his injuries may prove fatal.
Billy Smith, who has received such seri
ous injuries In his contest with Jack Rob
erts, the undefeated featherweight of
England, is a New Yorker, and resides on
the east side of Manhattan Island. His
fighting in this country before he crossed
tho Atlantic showed him to be a boxer
of promise, and his American " friends
counted on his defeating Roberts, 2 al
though it was expected that he would
have a hard fieht on his hands.
PROFESSIONAL BOUTS
LIKELY TO BE TABOOED
Pacific Amateur Athletic Association
to Take Action, in the
Matter. ?
The effort beinc made by , Alec Greg
gains, manager of the San Francisco Ath
letic Club, to secure a .permit from ; the
Board of Supervisors . to hold a ] profes
sional boxing contest in July, has attract-'
ed the attention of officers of the- Pacific
Amateur Athletic, Association.'".; The San
Francisco Athletic Club is purely an ama
teur organization and { in the opinion" of
some of the officials of the association has
no right to hold professlonal;contests. >
At all events the matter will be brought
up at a special meeting of the association
within 1 a few days, and it is understood
that' an amendment- will be added to the
by-laws prohibiting an amateur club giv
ing professional prizefight exhibitions. "
If this rule goes' into effect it will pre
vent the Reliance and the Stockton Ath
letic Club giving .their monthly profes
sional boxing exhibitions. It is understood
that Manager Greggains in asking for a
permit to hold a professional contest in
July follows a; precedent established ,by
the clubs mentioned. ,. <•.-•:: : ..
The matter of holding such contests was
informally discussed at a meeting of .the
board of directors of the Olympic Athletic
Club last Friday evening and it was unan
imously f decided never to give a profes
sional exhibition.. The directors are.anx
ious to develop a* healthy /amateur' spirit
in this State; and they, believe that this
can' only be done -by adhering, to their
plan of -holding amateur boxing exhibi
tions every, few months. ; \' ,
Chairman Bockman of the committee' on
boxing, of the Pacific . Amateur Associa
tion is unalterably opposed to an amateur
club holding professional exhibitions and
he. intends using:, his influence to stop this
infuture^:"' ¦* '¦ - . \; . . . : - : .' ,. ¦ . .
Former Army Officer Imprisoned for
Embezzlement Will Not Be Ad
mitted to Bail.
WASHINGTON, April 22.— The United
States Supreme Court to-day denied the
application of Oberiin M. Carter to be
admitted to bail.
The court contented itself with the bare
announcement made by the Chief Justice
of the result of Its deliberations. No rea
sons were assigned and no reference was
made to Carter's motion to strike Solici
tor General Richards' brief from the
files of the court. y.
SUPREME COURT DENIES
PETITION OF CARTE3,
TRAMPS TAKE THE LIVES
OF HELPLESS CHILDREN
Toar Girls and a Boy Murdered While
Asleep and Their Father Is
CHARTRES. France. April 22.— This
fown has been horrified by the brutal
murder of five children and the attempted
murder of their father, a farmer named
Briere. residing in the neighborhood of
Chartres. Two tramps entered the farm
house In the absence of Briere last even
ing, killed four girls, aged 14, 11. 5 and 4
years, and a boy 7 years old, •with knives
and cudgels, while they were in bed and
c sleep.
Eriere returned while the murderers
were robbing the house. They heard him
enter the courtyard, attacked him. and
after a desperate struggle left him for
dead with four stab wounds in the head.
The murderers then escaped with 1600
francs and a number of articles of value.
KITCHENER . REPORTS
CAPTURE OF BOERS
Says British. Columns Have Taken
More Prisoners, Carts and
Ammunition.
LONDON, April 22.— Lord Kitchener by
a dispatch to the "War Office under date
of Pretoria, April 21, says:
"Since my last report the British col
umns have captured 242 j prisoners. 248
rifles, some ammunition and wagons and
carts. A few men also have surrendered."
BRUSSELS April 22.— The Petit Bleu
publishes a dispatch saying that Dr.
Leyds to-day sent to the German Foreign
Office a formal protest against the sup
plying of arms and guns to England by
Germany. . • , •- =.
PRETORIA, April 22.— The force under
Commandant Bokburg, Composed of 106
men,- with wagons and rifles, have sur
rendered near Middleburg-, Transvaal
Colony.
WOLFE'S CONSUMPTION tV;?'s£
COMMITTEE AT WORK
Organizes in Los Angeles "With tin
San' Francisco Senator as
>:'• V.. c Chairman. •'
LOS ANGELES, April 22.— The special
committee apDOinted at the last session
of the State Senate to investigate the sub
ject of tuberculosis as it applies . to those
who become a public charge in the several
counties of the State held its initial meet
ing in this city to-day and organized with
the selection of Senator E.' I. Wolfe as
chairman and Albert Searle of Los-Ang-e
les as clerk. The committee will afonce
communicate with "physicians throughout
the State and the superintendents of
county hospitals for the necessary data
upon which to make a report to the upper
house of the Legislature In 1903. "
The committee - will try., to find out:
First, whether or not consumption is con
tagious; second, if it be on the increase;
third, if patients affected -with tuberculo
sis who are a public charge should be
segregated and : supported by the State,
instead of by the several counties, as IB
done at present. ; >
• The headquarters of the committee will
be in Los Angeles. * .* ','-:"'•¦•"
DENVER, April 22.— The Denver Pout
mv.«: Georgia Hobson, born two o.-iyn ago
in Los aiiboIos, will rtgum in the most
novel and one of the most sensational law
suits ever tried In the courts of Colorado.
Mrs. Hobson has Bent word from Los
Ang-eles that she proposes to contest the
will of George H. Hobson, her late hus
band, which bequeaths the entire estate to
his brothers and sisters. The Hobson peo
ple have announced that they will con
test to the bitter end the threat of the
child's mother to secure the fortune for
her offspring. They will also charge
fraud, alleging- that Georgia is an adopted
child and that Georg-e H. Hobson is not
its father.
The will bequeaths $125,000 to be divided
equally between Mrs. Lizzie Anderson;
Hobson's sister, and his four brothers, all
of Pueblo. The wife's only benefit is his
life insurance, amounting to $3000. The will
was filed for probate November 19 last,
just a month after the testator's death.
In February last Mrs. Hobson filed in
court a statement that she was about to
become a mother and asked for an order
securing for her child a share in her hus
band's estate. Mrs. Anderson tried to se
cure a court order allowing physicians to
ascertain the truthfulness or falsity of
Mrs. Hobson's statement, but the court
denied the motion. Mrs. Hobson says she
will have no trouble in proving that the
child is her legitimate offspring. She is
now living with her parents at 1014 Bonny
Brae avenue, Los Angeles, where Georgia
was born.
Birth of a Child to Fig
ure in a Novel
Case.
INFANT CAUSES
A BIG LAWSUIT
Sm-Ul HUrateh to The Cull.
NEW YORK. April 22— Blanche Bate* as
n di5rour«Rrr of "mashers" is as grrat a
eucoea «s she is In the vivacious role of
OKarcttc in "L'ndcr Two Flats." By a
vlpomus push r=he pent sprawling: In West
Thirty-rourth street a well-dressed man
who had accosted her. This is Mlss'Bates*
own account cf what happened:
"1 was on my way home from the mati
ns.* at the Garden Theater and was ac
< umpanied by my maid. A man stepped
between mv maid and me and thrust hl3
head beneath my umbrella. He pushed
the maid away, taking her place at my
hido. I was dumfounded at the man's
impertinence, especially when he leered
at me and asked permission to walk with
me. J said to him: 'What do you mean
by s-peakinsr to an unprotected woman?'
He made no reply, but « train thrust his
head beneath the umbrella close to me.
Then I took matters in my own hands and
pave him a good, sturdy push away from
me. The pavement was slippery, and he
lost his balance, falling- heavily against a
railing and then rolling- to the sidewalk;
'That's what you get lor Insulting a de
fenseless woman,' I said to him as I
moved oft. And I left him scrambling: to
his= feet."
Miss Bates owes her muscular develop
ment entirely to horseback exercise. She
rides in the park every pleasant morning.
STOCK EXCHANGE SALES
BEAT ATT, THE RECORDS
Remarkable Amount of Business
Transacted in a Bay by Brokers
in Wall Street.
N'EW TOIUC. April 22.— The sales of
•the Stock Exchange broke all previous
records to-day, the aggregate running
tip to 2.3S2.500 shares, compared with the
previous record on Friday last of 2,193,
400 shares. In to-day's total were com
prised euch dealings in individual stocks
as S12.S0O shares of Southern Pacific, 213,
1C0 shares St. Paul, 1C1.S00 Union Pacific,
137,200 Brooklyn Rapid Tranist, 125.2J0
shares 1'nited States Steel and from
BSytM to 1UO,<KX> shares in an extended list
«-f prominent stocks. The figures break
all previous records, both In the aggre
gate of all Fales and In the total sales
for individual stocks.
ACTRESS SENDS
HIM SPRAWLING
Blanche Bates Causes
Dire Disaster to a
Masher.
SAN FRANCISCO'S ASSESSOR,
WHO FAILS TO SOLVE THE
SERVANT GIRL PROBLEM.
Special Dispatch to The (Jail.
CALL BUREAU, 1406 Q STREET. N.
"W., WASHINGTON, April 22.— Secretary
Hay has given Carlos Martinez Sllva", the
Colombian Minister, to understand that
he cannot negotiate & treaty with him
for the acquisition" by; the United States
of the Panama canal until *Congress de
termines upon the route to be construct
ed. Not even a preliminary agreement;
such as was signed with Nicaragua and
Costa Rica, will be negotiated v Dr. SUva
will, however, remain in Washington dia
cusslnK various questions in connection
with the Panama canal 90 that in case,
Congress Authorises the President to ac
quire this route, the treaty may be Imme
diately concluded. . l .
Dr. 8Uv« haa ftmnd. that an important
change tn the sentiment of this country
with respect to the canal has occurred.
"The only argument against the Pan
ama osuml umdo in the preliminary report
of the isthmian Canal Commission," he
eaJd to-day, "In that an agreement with
the Panama Canal Company tor Ameri
can acquisition of the route is imprac
ticable. Since the preliminary report con
taining this declaration was made, Colom
bia, through Its legation. tn Washington,
has submitted to the Secretary of State
a formal memomndum embodying the
conditions upon whtch it is willing that
the United States should acquire the
canal. These conditions are highly ad
vantageous to the American Government.
"Mi Hutin, president of Panama Canal
Company, who has been unable to sell
the company's rights without Colombia's
consent, has assured me that his com
pany is willing to dispose of its conces
sions on reasonable terms. I think the
company will be willing to abide by the
result of an appraisal." ,
"The Isthmian Canal Commission, in its
preliminary report, said that the Panama
Canal was shorter and could be built for
$53,000,000 less, than the Nicaragua vMite,
excluding the 'cost of the concession. All
technical problems have been solved at
Panama, but they, have still to be de
termined at Nicaragua, The sanitary
conditions hare greatly improved at
Panama and there will be no such exces
sive death rate as would prevail at
Nicaragua. There j are excellent harbors
at Colon, and \ Panama and there are no
harbors on the Nicaragua route. I think
every engineer fully understands, the pre
pondering advantage of the Panama over
the Nicaragua route."
Canal Treaty Cannot Be
Discussed at This
Time.
COLOMBIA MUST
AWAIT CONGRESS
Special IMspatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES, April 22.— Mrs. LHHe
Ccnway, landlady of the Russell lodging
house at 516V4 South Main street, was shot
twice at 9:20 o'clock to-night by William
Nelson, an electrician, who had his room
In the hov.se. One bullet took effect in
the brain and the other entered Mrs. Con
way's !eft shoulder and plowed its way
through the lung. Tho woman died at
the Receiving Hospital shortly before 10
o'clock. Nelson made hia escape by the
back stairs into an alley, running from
Fifth to Sixth atreeta.
Nelson was until two weeks ago elec
trician at the Chutes, but was discharged.
Ho came from San Francisco several
montha ago and went to work at Wash*
Ington Gardens as ,*»m as tha Chutes
were owned. About two montha aeo he
took a room at tho Huaaell an<\ he liml
not bo»>u there )«og before ho mad© mi
vanoest to Mra, Conway. In order tQ In
gratiate himself with her, he asked her
\o take cure of his moneys «n<J she was
n> tho imhtt of keeping U for him until h«
lie«Kle<l it. -
Neloon went to the Russell to-night and
ran \u> the stairway lino the hall, where
thu landlady stood talking to MUs Hesmle
Hlitrley. With them was Mrs. Conway'a
Hlx-> ear-old daughter. Nelson spoka to
the ladles a moment and then remarked
that he wanted hi* money, as ho was
jroinff away.
Mrs. Conway and Nelson went tnta the
former's room. The voices of the two
were soon raised In dispute, and those
on the outside heard Nelson claim that
there was due him $25, while Mrs.'Con
way Insisted that she had but $20 belong
ing tn him.
A few moments later four shots were
flred in rapid succession; the door was
thrown open and Nelson, with a revolver
in his hand,' ran down the hall toward the
back stairs. As he reached the yard he
fired another shot, and it was t>elleved
that he had killed himself, but a search
made shortly after disclosed no trace of
him. . «
Mrs. Gonway was a good-looking woman
of 27 years and is supposed to have come
here from Cripple Creek two years ago.
Her husband is said to be there now.
Nelson is a well-built man of 32 years,
with red hair and red mustache and a
very freckled face. He is 5 feet 9 or 10
inches tall.
William Nelson Murders
Mrs. Lillie Gonway
¦ in" Los Angeles.
ROOMER SLAYS
HIS LANDLADY
COMMISSION WANTS PAY
OF COPYISTS WITHHELD
Scrves Notice on Treasurer That Re
corder Godchaux Has Violated
Charter.
The Civil Service Commission addressed
a communication to the Treasurer yester
day, requesting that official not to pay
the salary demands of the four copyists,
who were recently appointed by Recorder
Godchaux. The reason assigned by the
commission is that the appointments were
made in violation of the civil service pro
visions of the charter. The Auditor has
refused to comply with a similar request.
In its communication the commission
says:
The charter confers xipon the Treasurer dis
cretionary powers in the payment of moneys
out of the treasury. Section 2, chapter III,
article IV of the charter provides that the
Treasurer shell not "pay out any part of such
moneys, nor allow the same to pass out of
Ms personal custody, except upon demands
authorized by law or this charter." Section
6 uf the same chapter and article adds: "But
the allowance or approval of the Auditor, or of
the Supervisory, or of any" department., board
or officer, of any demand which is not au
thorized by law or this charter, shall afford
no warrant to tho Treasurer for paying the
same."
The advice of the Auditor's attorney that
the Civil Service Commission shall "pursue the
remedy" cannot relieve the Auditor and the
Treasurer from their clear duty to decline to
audit or pay a demand against the treasury
that is susceptible of grave legal doubt.
ALAMEDA, April 22.-Battery and
disturbing . the peace are two\
heinous crimes that Dr. Wash-«
ington Dodge, San Francisyo's
Assessor of Values, will have to
answer for before Justice of the Peace
Morris. The doctor sees visions of him
self in Jail for the rest of his 'natural llfe.^
and would have given anything in the
so ho" paid Mary what was coming to
her by the month.
"I gently showed her the door, ex
plains Dr. Dodg-e, when t he relates the
finish of Mary. "She wanted to stay and
talk it all over, but I thought we had
had enough. She swore a few swears and
held back until I was constrained to put
my hand gently on her shoulder and push
her along. As soon as she arrived on the
front porch I closed the door. She threat-
Edward Eisner, the dramatlzer of Olga
Nethersole's production of "Under Two
Flags," is sure of a tropical interview with
actor James Neil when they meet. From
present Indications it looks as if the
meeting of the two men will be far more
dramatic than the tent scene in the play
when hero Bertie Cecil Royellieu and Cap
tain Chateauroy. alias "The Black
Hawk," fight with long swords and cut
big gashes In the atmosphere.
Neil" arrived in town yesterday with his
company, which opens at the California
Theater next Monday night. In his reper
toir.o is Edward Eisner's version of
Ouida's famous novel, of which Neil
claims to have the coast rights and which
he intended producing during his engage
ment in this city. He was surprised to
learn that the drama was being played
at tho Grand, Opera-house and upon a
visit to the theater he found that Eisner
had, besides renting the play tp him, also
leased it to "William R. Wilson, a theat
rical man. Wilson had sublet the play
for one week to Morosco, with the under
standing that he wouid buy all the scenic
effects, which Wilson would use on the.
road with a company that he is forming
In this city. " .
Neil last night said that he did not
blame either Wilson or Morosco for their
share in the transaction, but he spoke of
Klsner in very severe terms. Neil says
that he produced the play in Buffalo,
Seattle and Portland, Or., and did a big
business with it. -He says that he will
not produce it in this city though he
originally intended to and that he will
call Eisner to account for his action in
renting the play to two people when he
meets him.
Nell also made a contract with Miss
Alice Kausen of New York and Clarence
Brune for the production of Fanny
Devenport's old plays, "Fedora" and "La
Tosca."» Nell saya that when he rented
the plays he was shown a contract which
was signed by Melbourne McDowell in
which McDowell relinquished all rights to
the plays. It now appears that McDowell
will shortly appear at the Grand Opera
house in both "Fedora" and "La Tosca"
and he claims that he made no contract
with anybody authorizing the production
of the plays.
Edward Eisner Accused of
Having a Too Thrifty
Vein. ,
"Under Two -Flags" Is
Leased to J. Neil and
' W. H. Wilson.
RENTS HIS PLAY
TO TWO PERSONS
Dense myst»ry surrounds the where
sboutE or fate of George A. Snook, the
aged retired merchant, who disappeared
from his home. 19U Broadway, on April
V2. Despite the fact Mr. Snook has been
a resident of San Francisco Blnce 1843 and
possessed the most extensive acquaint^
anee. no living eoul has been found who
paw the oM gentleman after he left his
home early on the morning of his disap
pearance while the household was yet
:iFleep.
Mr. Snook has not been engaged In ac
tive business for more than a year. Sev
eral months ago his mind gave evidence
<>f weakening under the burden of advanc
ing years, and he had been confined to his
liome for many months under the care of
r.is daughters, until he was missed from
hu accustomed place at the breakfast
table ten days ago. No results have been
realized from the persistent and diligent
search instituted at once for the missing
man.
Mr. Snook's family at once enlisted the
perviror of former Chief of Police I^?es, a
life-long friend, and in addition to the
thoroughly organized search find inquiry
made by detectives working under Lees'
F.uprrvision an army of the old man's
neighbors have lent their aid in poring
over the records of hospitals and Journey
ins: to different points in the State, where
(-••me trace of the wanderer might be dis
rovered.
Since the morning Mr. Snook left his
home hie daughters have been prostrated
ivith prief. Hi* continued absence has at
last naturally friven risfi to the fear that
the helpless man has lost his life while
hi boring under an aberration of the mind.
Jnmrs A. Snook, a nephew of the old
merchant, has Iieen most active in invest-
Jcatinpr every clue likely to lead to some
iraee of his unHe and searching In every
dlractloa to locate his remains, should he
h.ivo lnf=t his life while mentally deranged.
He said last night he had practically
alinndoned al! hope of ever seeing his ven
rratile relative alive. •
The search will be continued in an at
tempt to get possession of Mr. Snook's
body in the event he has been made the
victim of foul play or been accidentally
killed.
George A. Snook established the first
plurnMnp business in San Francisco In
3K43. It jrrew into a profitable enterprise,
and the firm of G. & E. Snook has always
*»n.1cyc-d an enviable position in the busi
ness world of the eljy. - .
Mr. Snook is a widower and passed his
Fpvcnty-piphth birthday shortly before his
disappearance. The death of his wife sev
eral years ago preyed upon the old man's
mind to such an extent that he was com
pelled, about eighteen months ago, to
abandon all business cares. Since then
lie had lived .at his handsome home on
Broadway, surrounded and cared for by a
Jarpe family of daughters.
Family Reluctantly Abandons
Hope of His Return or
Safety.
Detectives Fail to Find
Any Trace of Aged
Merchant.
PLUMBER SNOOK
SLILL MISSING
HE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY,; APRIL 23, 1901.
San Francisco s Assessor Must. Appear in Alameda Police
Court and Tell How Much Force He Used; in Ejecting
From His House the Girl Who Worked for Him
BEFORE ROOMFUL OF GUESTS MARY
DEMANDS PAY AND MASTER OBJECTS
world if Miss Mary Beasley hadn't had
him arrested. - ~
Mary has been Dodge's .servant girl
over since the family took the house at
1303 Lafayette street three weeks ago for
the summer. She didn't come up to all
the requirements of a modern housemaid,
but- in view of the stringency of the ser
vant girl market, she was tolerated. She
had an unwarranted notion at times that
she was proprietress of the house. Then
she would make figure 8's on the pol
ished kitchen floor'and say unkind things
to the mistress.
But the limit of patience was reached
last nisrht when Mary cut in on a parlor
full of company and demanded her wages.
It was very embarrassing, of course, but
Dr. Dodge rose to the occasion; he hap
pened to have the price in his pocket,
encd to have us all arrested, but I didn't
think she'd do it. It is ridiculous for her
to charge me with these crimes." - -
1)o hear Mary's story is to hear a terri
ble tale of abuse and great bodily injury.
The tortures of the rack are easy com
pared with the frightful | ordeal she suf
fered/at the hands of Dr. Dodsre.
' "No wan wuz ez sober ez me last
nolght," Bays Mary. "He wouldn't give
me me munt's wages and Oi ramonthrated
¦wld him.. Thin he took me to th' frunt
dure an' he gives me a kick an' a shuve
an' I falls , down th' sthairs. Ivrv bone
in me body wuz broken an' me teeth coom
out. It wuz th' wurst shakin' I iver got
In me loife. I hope th' Jedge gives thot
dochter thirty dois at hard labor."
Dr. Dodge's case has bee*n set for trial
next Wednesday, morning at 10 o'clock.
9
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Golofnin Bay,
Nome City and
Teller Xity.
Steamship Ruth
(W. S. HIGOINS. . Master.)
Leaves San Francisco on or
about May 20th, via Seattle,
Leaving that Port May 26th.
For passage or freight rates call or addre«a
. . H. R. DUFFTN, Agent.
633 Market Street, opp. Palace Hotel,
¦ :-.i<- g A jj FRANCISCO.
TOYO KISgN KAISBA.
STEAMERS 'WILL LEAVE WHARF, COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m..
for TOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling- at
Kobe (Hlogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with . iteamera for
India, etc No cargo received on board on day
of sailing.
SS. NIPPON MARXT ...Friday. May S. 1901
SS.- AMERICA MARU-.Wednesday. May ». 1301
SS. HONGKONG MARU..Saturday. June 22, 1»1
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office,
421 Market street, corner First. \
W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
*
HAMBURG-AMERICAN LINE.
Twin-Screw Express Service.
PLTMOTTTH— CHERBOURG— HAMBTHU3.
DEUTSCHLAND - MAY 16, 2 P.M.
Columbia ....:... May 2|A Victoria Maya
F. Bismarck.. ..:. May 9 t Columbia May 30
Twin-Screw Passenger Service.
PLTMOUTH— CHERBOURG— HAMBTntG.
"Waldersee May 4] Pennsylvania ...May H
•Batavia May 111 Pretoria May 23
•For Hamburg direct
Hamburg-Amerlcai) Line, 37 B'way. N. Y.
. ¦ H2RZOG & CO.. General Agents for Facltto
Coast. 401 California street.
COMPAONIE GENEBALE THA53ATLASTIQU3
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARia ' -
Sailing every Thursday, Instead of <^kSP*
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from Pier 42. "•**•'*•
North River, foot of Morton street. First class
to Havre. $53 and upward. * Second class to
Havre. 145 and upward. GENERAL AGENCY
FOR UNITED STATES and CANADA. XX
Broadway (Hudson building). New Tork. J. F.
FUGAZI & CO., Pacific Coast Agents, 5 Mont-
gomery avenue, San Francisco. Tickets sold by
all Railroad Ticket Agents.
~TIA-V A-WTr-RTVTri. CTT!A-M-BrP.g
POrIlI. NAVY WiD AND VALUE
Steamer "Montlcello."
MON..TCE3.. WED.. THUHS. AND SAT..
at 9:45 a. m.. 3:15, 8:30 p. m. (except Thurs-
day night); Fridays, 1 p. m. and S:SO: Sundays,
10:30 a. m., 8 o. m. Landing. and office. Mls-
slon-st. Dock, Pier No. 3. Telephone Mala IMS-
Pacific. Coast, Steamship Co.
fe*, FOR
»N01E
**J|LJ|| GOLDFIELpsJ
THE STEAMSHIP
CITY OF PUEBLA
Will Salt .
From San Francisco May 26
Connecting at Seattle with the Company's New
and Splendid .
Steamship Senator
For Nome Direct.
' ' Leaving SEATTLE May 30th.
The Senator made • five trips to Nome last
year, beint one of the first to arrive there,
landing all her passengers and freight without
Ioes, mishaD or material delay.
For passenger rates apply TICKET OFFICE,
4 New Montepmery Street. • . ¦ '¦
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.." Gen, Agts.,
\. 10 Market Street.
NORTHERN COMMERCIAL COMPANY.
For Nome
And St. Michael.
-Sailing Dates , Approximate Only.
From San Francisco: " From Seattle:
•"Dora" .....May 1 May 7,*
"ConemauRh"...May 25 June 10.
"Portland".. ....May 29 ........
"St. Paul". June t June 8. '•>" .
' •"Dora" will «all via. Juneau, .Valdes, Kodlak.
Unga and Unalaska. ' . •
For rates of passage, freight and other par-
tlculars apply to .
NORTHERN , COMMERCIAL CO..
- 310 Sansome Street, San Francisco. .
AMERICAN LINE/
NEW YOHK/ SOUTHAMPTON. LONDON, PASI3.
, . Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Every Wednesday, 10 a. m.
New Tork .......May lfNew York ......May K
St. .Pan! ..:.'..:. ..May 8|SC Paul .....:.May 23
St. Louis, ......May laiSt. Louis ...June 5
*'l-'S:'-; red star ; line. /
New York and . Antwerp. ..'¦- V~
From New Tork -Every ¦'Wednesday, 13 noon.
Zeeland ..........May llPennlarid ... May- 22
Friesland -......:. May SlKenslnKton May 23
Southwark .....May 15/ Zeeland .........June 6
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY;
. CHAS. D. TATLOR.
General Agent Pacific Coast. SO Montgomery at.
'PANAMA l-HiSgrr-
TO HEW 1Y0RK VIA PANAMA DIRECT.
Cabin. $103 ; Steerage, $40. \ '.
S. S. Argyll sails Monday, May 6
S. S.'— — t— — «a!l» Monday, ' May 2O
8. 8. Leelanaw sails Monday, dune 3
i ' From : Harrlaon-st. Wharf, 2 p. • m.
Freight and passenger office, 330 Market st.
. ".- F. F. CONNOR. = Pacific Coast ¦ Agent.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
*. Steamers leave Broadway
K^ wharf, Ban Franelse©!
ivQb*^ for Alnxknti Port*— U «. m.,
'tSPBSfcv Mirll tt. Srt, May 1. Chang* to
!)jMpfi5»Ehk Company's steamera at s<?«
fii»y*RMl For Victoria, Vancouver (tt.
I Im^flj C.) Tort Tow-n*etul, Ponttl*.
r^*^B BA Taooma. Kvrrett, Anncorten
u and New Whateom (Wash.)—
V; \ ' : 11 a. m., April SI, 86, May land
•verv fifth day" thereafter. Chaise a{ Seattle
for thl* company'* eteamer. for Alaika and O.
N Ry ' »» Seattle or Taeonm to N. P. Ry.{
"FoV^E^rlka.VunfboWt'Bay-J.r. m.. April
IS 23 26. May 3. and every ttfth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Santa Bar-
bara Port Los Angeles and Redondo (Los An-
: «les>— Steamer Queen. .Wednesdays, 9 a. m.:
steamer Santa Rosa. Sundays. 9 a. m.
SaJ. <?anta Cruz. Monterey, San Simeon. Cay-
uc^s Port Harford (San Luis ObI 8 po)..Gaviota.
en nt'i Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme, San Pedro,
ra-t San Pedro (Los AnKeles) and Newport-
Steamer Corona. Fridays. 9 a. m.; steamer Bo-
nl For "^Ensenada. Magdalena Bay. Pan Jose del
Cabb Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz, Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaymas (Mex.)-10 a. m., 7th each
m Tor ¦ further . Information obtain company's
''xhe™ company reserves the right to change
: steamers, salline dates and hours of sailing
"TICKET OFFICE —i . New" Montgomery
street (Palnce Hotel). .
GOODALL; PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Arts..
.... 10 Market St.. San Francisco.
OCEAN TRAVEL
.; O. R. & N. CO,
Only Steamship Line to
PORTLAND, Or.,
And Short Roll Line from Portland to all
points Ea«t. Through tickets to nil
"points, all rail or uteamshio and rail, at
• .. .-^-LOWEST RATES!
: Steamer Tickets Include Berth and Meals..
SS COLUMBIA...... .Salla Apr. 13. 23. May 3
SS" GEO "W.«KLT)ER. Sails Apr. 8. IS. 28. May 8
D. .TV. HITCHCOCK. General. Agent,
. 1 Montgomery. 9t.. S. F.
i!££{llti£&5*VV. Z""" 0 "° SYDNEY,
yvvyinvviy»»v» direct line to Tahiti
SS. MARIPOSA (Honolulu only).....
..'..;..'.'. ......Saturday. April 27, 2 p. m.
SS. AUSTRALIA.; for Tahiti....:...
...Sunday, April 28
SS SIERKA, for . Honalulu, Samoa, New
'Zealand and Australia..... ................
>.'..-.....'........ ..Thursday, May 9, 10 a. m.
h D.SPRECKELS & BROS: CO., General Agents. 327 Market St
Stn'l Passsngar Offia, 643 Hariet St., Pi3r fia.7.. PactS: St
KO^SMOS LINE, jy
Regular sailings for. Valparaiso and Hamburg
via Mexican ports, Central, South "America, etc.
TANIS SAILS -ABOUT. "APRIL. 30, 1901. .
J.D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO., \
;' , ¦ : - ' General Agents, 327 Market ' st. *
Passenger and Ticket- Office. 327 Market at.,
San Francisco. •,'. ;
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION CO.;
And CIA SUD AMERICANA" £E VAPOSEf:
To '. Valparaiso, *¦¦ stopping at - Mexican, . Central
and" South American ports." Sailing Section 2,
Seawall. 12 rn. , • ¦ V
PERU ... ....May 2PALENA May 30
; GUATEMALA.. May 151LOA .June 12
These steamers are built expressly lor i Cen-
tral ; and t South - American passenger service.
(No change at Acapulco or Panama.) Freight
and passenger office. 318 ' California street.
BALFOUR, . GUTHRIE & CO.; Agents.THE SA^ FRANCISGO CALL, TUESDAY, A^RIL 23, 1901;
10
8AA FRAJfCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Franclseo
Ca . torner of Market end Third streets: open
-rtll I! o'cloclc every niirht in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 227 Montgomery street
ecrner Clay: open until 9:33 p. m.
$00 Hayes street; cpen —.til P'SJ P- m.
rs» McAllister rtreet: ooen until 8:30 p. m.
fI3 Laxkln street: or- ~nt!J 9:30 p. m.
1941 Mission etreet: open until 10 p. m.
E?S1 Market rtreet. . corner .:ixteenth: open
cvtll 8 p. m. ¦ .'_-•_:'.
IC6 Eleventh street: open rntll 9 v. m. _
IC56 Valencia rt^: open until 9 p. m.
ITcrthweet corner Twent--second and Ken-
H)cky ftreets: open until 9 r. m.
MEETING NOTICES. . .
CALIFORNIA Chapter No. 6. R. A. M., ¦
will meet THIS (TUESDAY) EVEN- _J%^
]X<;, April 2?.. at 7:30 o'clock. P. M. J&X
and M. E. 'M. decrees. By order of ' V »
the II. P. FRANKLIN H. DAY. Secretary.
GOLDEN GATE Lodsre No. 30. F. and ~m
A. M.-THIS <TUESIJAY) EVENING, ,^/\_
at 7:30 o'clock. Third Degree. Master jZj\
Masons cordially invited. By order of ' "S' A
the W. M. EDWIN L. MEYER. Sec.
ORIENTAL Lodrre No. 144, F. and A. ¦""
M.— Third degree THIS (TUESDAY) ,_J\_
EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. TC.JK
A. S. HUBBARD. Secretary. /^T*
TARKER Lodge No. 1S4. I. O. O.
F.— Important meeting THIS _?>_^_i
? TUESDAY) EVENING. Amend-
ment to by-laws. ' >»i»vs*
J. H. HUTAFF. N. G.
ST. ANDREW'S Society— Annual v t£7>.*
family picnic at Fairfax Park, on 3S, (mJ/j
SATURDAY, May 4. 1301. Oak-
land society will participate; boats «*-*~«t
from Sausalito ferry landing at 6:55. 9:30 a.
m.. and 12:45 p. m. TisS^ets, 50c and Zic; to
be had from members or at wharf.
ALLAN POLLOK. President
GEO. ST. JOHN BREMNER. Sec.
AGENTS WANTED.
WANTED— A local as»rt in each township to
pell our up-to-date publications; good re-
muneration for firot-ciass people. Address
FTEPHKN'SON, box 114. Sacramento. Cal.
ASPHALTLM KOOFISG.
J. PELTIER, asphalt roofing, sidewalks re-
rsiraJ: rioptal. 1156 Mission: •>".. Folsom 1607. ;
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free: divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success ; collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty at law. 850 Market, cor. Stocktn.
ADVICE free; no charges unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. S27 Market Ft. opp. Mason.
L S. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg.. 927 Mar-
ket Ft.: consultation free: no fees In advance.
HOARDING FOB, CHILDREN.
WANTED — Child or baby to care for; reason-
able^
WIDOW with a 'child wishes 2 or 3 children to
board: yard; best of care. 1607 California st.\
PPSISBS- CHANCES.
A^$J<X>0: BOARDING and~Uvery stable. West-
ern Addition; net rent $48; clearing above $150
per momh: large patronage; stock of buggies,
horses and harness first class. Call R. G.
WILKE. 2C',j Kearny st.
A — V-CO: BRANCH bakery and delicacy store;
rent $1S; living rooms; location can't be beat;
pood butiness. Call R. G. WILKE. 26^
Kearny et.
A— $750: STATIONERY, variety store; cigars
and ice cream: stock invoices $1000; must be
at once; owner engaged otherwise. Call
EL G. WILKE, 26% Kearny st . j
A— ?1350; RESTAURANT and coffee saloon on
Kf-arny Et. ; rent $75: clearing $18'J per month;
daily receipts about *60. Call R. G. WILKE.
1'6'i Kearny st.
A— $2000; HOTEL of 13 rooms, barroom, dining
h_ll. etc.: rent $75; place established many
y>ars; doing a steady, good-paying business;
rare chance for party speaking French and
German. R. _. WILKE. 2S\'z Kearny st.
A— $350; STATIONERY, candy and branch bak-
ery with living rooms; corner; Western Ad- I
<*Jtion; rent $10; good business; clean store, j
Call R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny St.
A— 54000; SALOON on Market St.; place estab-
flished many years and doing a large busi-
ness; net rent $135: sicknes in family com-
pels owner to sacrifice; a mint. Call R. G.
WILKE. 2ft£ Kearny st.
A— S2000; PARTNER wanted in old established
flower store, with nursery, hothouse, etc.;
boiler, horses, wagons, plants and trees of
all descriptions; established maay years and
doing a money-making business. Particulars
R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
HSM— DAIRY and milk route with cattle, near
oity; jroing lo Europe cause of Bale. Mc-
LAl'GHLIX & CO.. 777H Market st.
KB*— MILLINERY store; bargain; going East
cause of sale. MCLAUGHLIN & CO., 777Vi
Market st. ,
J750— CORNER saloon: business location; full
value for price asked: retiring from business
cause of sale. McLAUGHLLV & COi 77714
MarkPt st. '
AAA— 100 CIGAR stands. 200 groceries and bars,
300 candy and ice cream stores, 500 restau-
rants. 9«1 stores of all kinds; partners wanted.
Parties with J100 up can be suited. If you
rant to buy a business call and see us.
WALTER HAYES & CO., 83S Market st
FOR private sale; some of the lfest saloons in
the city. WALTER HAYES & CO.. S3S Mkt
2 RESTAURAXTF; water front. ..$400 and $750
2 restaurants; Fourth st $400 and $S00
1 restaurant on Seventh st $1500
1 restaurant on Grant ave $900
rse^irles many others: also saloons, groceries,
lo^lging-houses. LUXDIN & CO.. 906 Market.
A FINE restaurant: city front; $1500. JOSEPH
BAILIE. 759 Market st.
I HAVE bargains in groceries and bars, res-
taurants, bakeries, candies, cigars, notions,
drug etores. etc. JOSEPH BAILIE, 759 Mkt.
WHAT? a building, a business, a stock and
fixtures, consisting of an oyster house with
restaurant; liquor license; doing big busi-
D€-sf; centrally located and on Market; all
goes for SiTX*. FISHER & CO.. 935 Market Et.
jr^O— PARTNER wanted in an" old established
cash business; owner well known practical
business man; profits average $80 a month
to each. Particulars with DOXXELLT &
CO.. G32 Market Et.
A-RESTAURANT on Montgomery St.; good
fixture}': rushing trade; sacrifice: quick.
DOXALD INVESTMENT CO.. S50 Market si.
KAI/5OX and gardens; established and kept by
present owner 26 years: retiring account old
age; large grounds, big trees, also tables,
benches, barns; few rrjles from S. F.; town
SOOO: cheap: fare 3jc round trip; near R. R.
station; factories; good place for bus rides,
small picnics, etc.; particulars to responsible
parties ; no agents. A. C. CLARK, 522 Third.
¦ a
$250— TAILOR business; no better location in
the city; is positively worth over four times
amount asked: but it must go immediately:
rent is very low; established 12 years. In-
' quire on premises. 503 feutter st.
PARTXER: butcher business; doing business
J12W p.nd over; trial given; experience not
needed; reference; must be sober and indus-
. trious. Apply at 3035 Sixteenth st
IF you want to sell your business immediately.
Business Board of Trade, 326 Pine st
SHOE store for sale in San Rafael; money-
making place for a shoemaker. For particu-
lars apply to MAGNES, SEIBERLICH SHOE
CO., 35 Second st, San Francisco.
A MAIL dock restaurant doing a good busi-
ness, for sale; account of other business.
Apply SS7 First st
AS old-established Qne paying grocery and
bar: on recount of departure. 1315 Mission.
FALOON; old-established corner; % sunny liv-
ing rooms; must sell; other business. 564 4th.
IOR Sale — Good saloon: cheap; proprietor goes
lo Germany. Box 373S, Call office.
r.VRTXER wanted; must be a good cook or
waiter. Box <016, Call office.
WAXTED— A partner In saloon business. 640
Commercial st.
$123— PARTXER wanted in restaurant: fine
bur; no exp.; clears $50 mo. 496 Fourth st
A GOOD grocery, butcher and bar business
combined for sale. Box 3765. Call office.
A FIRST-CLASS new and second-hand ladies'
. clothing store for sale cheap, as the owner
has other business; the rent is cheap and lo-
cation first-clas^. Apply 1023 Folsom st.
("FORTUNES Quickly Made In Oil"- wrUelor
new booklet (just out); also special bulletin
and advices on oil investments; mailed free
BECKLEY & CO.. Bankers. CO Broadway"
Xew York. ¦
f600— BETTER than oil; the right to manufac-
§ture and sell Pattison's perfect family water
still for the State of California, T PATTI
SOX. 50 Fair Oaks St. S. F.
WELL, equipped French hand laundry; ex-
clusive cash patrons: without competition-
Rood profit: poor -health cause of sale. Ad-
oress box =S25. Call office.
SliO WILL BUY r ~~~ ~
Small coffee and chop house doing good busi-
ness; cheap rent. Apply S1U Eighth «t
RESTAURANT for sale cheap, with living
rooms: complete. H2S Second st.
SPLENDID chance to buy an established bUEl-
n?ss. 2CS Fourth st "^
WELL, located and paying- saloon: must be
fold. LEMLE-LEVY CO.. 265 Third St. .
FOR sale— Candy store and ice cream parlor;
good location. Inquire at 1612 Market Et
DUSIXESS CHANCES Continued.
$3000— FURNITURE store in best business town
on coast; established 17 years; sacrificed in
order to close estate; expense of Investigation-
paid by us if not found as represented.
HORN, SOLOMON & CO., 30 Kearny at.
WE ha\'e two shoe stores for sale at nearly in-
voice price; caU and get particulars; it will
pay you. HORN, SOLOMON & CO., 30
Kearny Et. ' " ¦ . * . ___________
WHOLE or half interest In well-stocked paying
drug store on Market St.; rent only $65; good
lease; owner leaving city on account of sick-
ness; a bona-flde bargain. HORN, SOLOMON
& CO.. "0 Kearny St. ' - . '
STEAM laundry, new machinery, for sale, $1400;
or owner will sell half interest to good busi-
ness man for $800; will guarantee $180 to $300
per month. HORN. SOLOMON & CO.. 30
Kearny st. - ¦_
WHOLESALE liquor store; established 11 years;
doing a business of $40,000 per year; books
open to inspection to reliable parties; terms
if desired; a rare bargain. HORN, SOLO-
MON & CO., 20 Kearny st. x
$300— BUTCHER shop: fine fixtures; in lively
town; near S. F. HORN, SOLOMON & CO..
30 Kearny st. ¦ . - .
$500— GENERAL merchandise store for sale at
a sacrifice; telephone exchange reduces rent I
to $12. HORN, SOLOMOIJ & CO., 30 Kearny.
WHEN you want to sell or buy a paying busi-
ness call on HORN. SOLOMON & CO., 30
Kearny st. ; tel. Main 1604. . - j
FOR SALE— A well-established groceiy and \
general merchandise business in Oakland.
Cal.; will sell for cost price of stock, which
will inventory for about $4000; splendid op- ,
portunity for an active business man; rea- :
sons for selling, sickness; principals only ]
will be dealt with. For particulars .see J.
F. STREET, Attorney at Law, rooms 16 and
Yl, 855 Broadway. Oakland. Cal.
FOR sale — On account of sickness, a nice cash
business clearing from $45 to ?50 per month;
4 fine large living rooms; rent only $16; big
chance for improvement . to the right party;!
one month's trial given: price $300. 619 Va- I
lenoia St., -bet. Seventeenth and Eighteenth.^
QUARTZ mine for pale or lease; 4-stamp mill,
water power; will sell cheap or lease on
favorable terms. Address room 6. 906 Broad- j
way. Oakland. . \
WANTED^-Respectabl? young- lady or man as |
partner in candy business. 941 Folsom st. j
$75— LADY partner for shooting gallery. 532
Telegraph ave.. Oakland: hours 11 to 3 daily.
NICE bakery, notions nnd candy place; estab-
lished 20 years. 1C6 Eleventh st -
OLD-ESTABLISHED mechanics' boarding and
lodging hcuse tor sa!e. Apply Call office.
MAN with $300 to Join advertiser to work pl_-
cer claim at Cape Xon-.e. Box 2433. Call.
LODGIXG-HOUSES FOR SALE.
DONALD INVESTMENT CO.,
850 Market st Tel. Davis 2S1
THE ONLY/ ONE.
Rooming Houses Rooming Houses
We Buy Them for Cash.
Rooming Houses Rooming Houses
We Sell Them on Monthly Payments.
We Furnish the Money. .You Pay as You Can
Special List of Bargains: j
12 rooms, good furn. and carpets; a snap. $800 j
24 rooms, rent $75; everything new; see it. 2500
6 rooms, close In; nice home; rent free — 250
40 rooms, rent $45; sacrifice for quick sale. 900
14 rooms; on business st. ; good for offices. 60O
33 rooms, newly renovated; 2 entrances.. 2000 j
11 rooms, very central; fine condtion; a !
gem 650
15 rooms, mostly hkpg.; choice location;
clean ~ ¦"• .. 850
These are a few;' you may choose any one of
the 214 others on our list.
DONALD INVESTMENT CO., S50 Market.
SELECT A HOUSE FROM ALL
THE BARGAINS IN THE CITY
16 rooms; corner; fine for transient $1000
10 rooms; on Eddy St., near Market 500
14 rooms: on Third st, near Market 550 i
14 rooms; on Mission st 550 j
49 rooms; rent $60; clears $150....'. 1000 |
24 rooms- north of Market: clears $200 2000
27 rooms; just finished; very fine 2S00
20 rooms; on Geary St.; clears $135 2400
44 rooms; positively the best: clears $300. 3700
W-room boarding-house; clears $600 SOOO
S-room flat: sunny side .'...' 700
.6-room flat: very good ' $15
600 other houses. 3 to 7C0 rooms. \
ABSTRACTS FREE. PHONE MINT 796.
$100,000 to loan at l'.j per cent
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market st.. opp. Sth.
A. CAMERON & CO..
8.J0 Market st. and S Stockton st.
Rooms 21, 22 and 23. Phone Bush S28.
If you have hotel, rooming-house or busi-
ness to sell list with us. We have cash cus-
tomers for ail sizes and prices.
63 rooms; downtown; modern apartment
house; clears S3C0 per month; first--.
-class investment ..:..-. ...*..>$34OO
21 rooms; business center: offices; good.. 1S00
12 rooms; rent $30: oak furniture 1000
46 rooms; rent $175; cor.; clears $200..... 5000
11 rooms: rent $40; fir.*? home; piano...... S50
10 rooms; elegant residence; partly fur.. 750
34 rooms; rent $130; elegantly furnished;
paying house; good j>erm. and trans... 2650
MARION GRIFFIN ....:. ...By Call bldg.
719 Market St.; money to loan; tel. Black 1S03.
!»0 rooms .on Market St.; low rent $6500
21 rooms on Eddy st.; full: 1400
21 rooms; corner; good furniture S00
15 rooms; good; quite central ....850)
50 rooms; clearing ili-0 per month 3300 ;
16 rooms; O. K. ; hpi-Fekeeping 10O0 j
14 rooms; transient; ; fair furniture 550
15 rooms; corner: fin<? rak fur.; fine bus.. 1550 j
26 rooms on Larkin *"t . rent $90 2000 1
10 rooms; 2 blocksof Market; rent $35.... 300 !
40 rooms; full; north" Market; rent $120... 1900
12 rooms; boarding-house; fine 1400
17 rooms'; central; 1 Boor; clears $75 mo.. 500
SELECT YOUR HOUSE FROM THE
LARGEST LIST IN TOWN.
6 rooms: excellent fern.: cheap rent... $200
]5 rooms; rent $41 50; grood location 47a j
21 rooms; downtown; clears $100 mo 1,000 !
55 rooms; fine cor.; apartment house... 2,500
102 rooms; biggest money-maker in city. 5,750
148 rooms; particulars given bus. people. 25,000
Hundreds to chcosa from :$100 to $100,000
Also boarding-houses and country hotels.
See our special bargain list before buying.
WALTER HAYES & CO., 83S Market st.
WINSTON & WOLF, 1026 Market st.
63 rooms; cheap rent: lor ..$3250
50 rooms: corner:- part cash 2600
32 rooms; rent $43: clears $100 .„ 1200
26 roon:s; corner; $600 cash 1100
17 rooms: rent $50; $500 cash '.. 1100
•iX"0 ether houses for sale.
I Money on furniture- at l\i per cent.
; IS ROOMS; Mission st; rent $60; price $725..
i 12 rooms; Mascn st.: rent $45; price $730.
! 35 rooms on Howard: rent $S0: price $1000.
39 rooms on Grant ave. ; rent $75; price $1500.
13 rooms on Eddy; rent $58; -price $650.
12 rooms: Pine: elegantly fur.; rent J50; $1200.
EUREKA REAL ESTATE, 28 Sixth st.
LODGING-HOUSES, boarding-houses and ho-
tels to suit every buyer; this office is licensed;
I am established since 1892; I loan money to
buyers; general satisfaction guaranteed. Call
G. W. SCHWEINHARD. phone Mint 1911.
Rooms 1. 2, No. 817 Market st, opp. Mason.
FISHER & CO.. 935 Market St. opp. Mason.
48 rooms; north of Market; only..... $1600
16 rooms; Hyde: very finely furnished 600
20 rooms; rent $50; location desirable 300
If a bargain we have them at any price.
A GOOD list of lodging-houses from $200 to
$2500. JOSEPH BAILIE, 759 Market st
FOR sale— 10-room rooming-house; 12S% Ninth
et; good location and cheap rent; rooms all
rented.
SNAP — $300: modern rooming house of 9 rooms,
1 b!rn:k Van Ness and Market; north side;
rent $25. Box 3S26. Call office.
14 ROOMS: central; transient; neatly furnished;
rent $40; bargain. Dtsmelly Co., 632 Market.
FOR sale— 12 rooms, walnut marble-top furni-
ture, only $250. Apply" 823 Howard st
CARPET BEATING AND; CLK.VNIXG.
I WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
\ send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
ing Works.- 353-357 Tehama st ; tel. South 40.
SANITARY cleaning and dyeing company.
S42-344 McAllister st: phone South 146. .;
CITY Steam Carpet- Beating Works. - O. H.
STEVENS, mgr.. 38-40 8th st; tel. South 250.
J. E. MITCHELL. Carpet-Beating and P.eno-
vating Co.. -240 Fourteenth st. ; tel. Mission 74.
ADVANCE Carpet-Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st. ;
tel. M_in 394. GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
CARPETS cleaned at the lowest rates. STRAT-
TON. 3 Eighth st. ;" telephone Jessie 944
CONKLIN'S Carpet-Beating Works. 333 Golden
Gate ave.: telephone East 126.
_____________
ARRIVED-^The celebrated gypsy Prince Les-
ter, whose free tests, calling your name, the
name of the one you love and the name of the
one you will marry; the only medium in the
world so sure of his occult power. that he will
prlve every person who comes prepared a won-
derful free tests. Call or write, with stamps
for answers, 1382 Market St.. opp. Seventh.
AFTER a severe illness, Mrs. Dr. Farnham, the
world-renowned spiritual medium; advice in
all affairs of life: l_w«uits. divorces, deaths;
unites the separated ; mining _ specialty; cir-
. cles Sun.. Wed.. Fri. eve.: letters answered.
Resid. (no signs). 513 Eddy. bet. Hyde-Larkin.
FREE— W. Hrockway, nervo-pathlst, locates
disease without askh^r questions, looking at
tongue or feeling of pulse, and prospect of
cure; nervous and chronic diseases treated
without medicine. ,. 327 Larkin. cor. G. G. ave.
A— MRS. J. 3. WHITNEY, trance, business
medium, life reader, medical clairvoyant; sit-
tings 51. 11S4 O'FarreH. nr. Gough.- Ellis car.
MRS. EBERHARDTS convincing tests to-
.' night. 10c; skeptics invited. " 3250 : Twenty-
second st. : telephone Blue • 954. • .;-•— • ;
MME. YOUNG'S demonstration spirit- return »!
to-night;: 605 McAllister; 10c; come skeptics.
C. V. MILLER'S, materializing trumpet seance;
8 p. m.; 50c. 30S4 Busb ft. near Ijeavenworth.
I -^ I^^ A^ Is^7^S^J^^ ed Jul/~_
SPIRITUAL meeting every night v except Sun-
- day, Monday: 1238 Howard; convincing test.
Mrs. Maxwell. ' . ;
MRS. HARLAND'S circle to-night; best testa,
1 10c; prophetic readings, 50c, $1. 14S Sixth.
W. G. KEEGAN holds spiritual meeting every
¦ night except Sat; 10c. 148 Sixth st..'2d floor.
MRS. DUNHAM. 14 McAllister et, room "33;,
circles to-day. 2 and 8 p. m. ;' sittings daily.
MRS. LOUISE S. DREW, Psychic, . Electric
and- Magnetic Healer. Room 14, 305 Larkin st.
EARL.E. 622 Geary st, telephone Polk 1297—
Readings dally; seances Tues., Thurs. & Sun.
PROF. GEE. readings, L. 50c; G. $1; mail, $1;
cir. Tues., Thurs., Sat, 8 p. m. ; 10c. 513 Jones.
FP.IENDPHIP Hall. 333 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.'
Meyer; sittings daily; tests to all to-night: 10c:
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MME. _t! BERNARD,
, . " - THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanent-
ly located 17 Third st.. next Examiner bldg.
Bhe reads your life correctly, gives an accur-
ate description of the past, reveals the present
happenings and portrays events to. occur in the
future. If you are in trouble.discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied in life, or have domes-
tic, love or business troubles.t consult this
great medium and you will be told how to
overcome them. Valuable advice In. all affairs
of life: 25c up: perfect satisfaction guaranteed.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the well-known trance
medium, is permanently located at 1208 Mar-
ket st. corner Golden Gate ave., rooms 25
and 26; take elevator. Perfect satisfaction
, guaranteed by mail: send stamp for pam-
phlet with special terms. Daily and Sunday.
MME. ARNDT. the great clairvoyant, tells
past and future; never fails; has the greatest
J Egyntian secret; shows picture of future' hus-
band or wife; fees 25c. up: satisfaction to
everybody: tips on races. 2i5% Sixth ¦ st.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant * card
! reader, born with double veil— second sight;
diagnoses disease with life reading: ladles 50c,
gents $1: palm, and clair. eit. $1 50. 126 Turk.
ISMAR, the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 1148 Market, op.
6th; private readings dally. 10 a. m. to 5 p. m.
I MME" GYEISN, trance, business medium, life
' reader, medical clairvoyant; office hours 1 to
i 5 and 7 to 9 p. m. 1008V* Market st. '
MME. LAROSE, best clairvoyant, card reader,
test medium; 25c up. 472 Stevenson St., cor.eth.
MRS. _IELVII,L, well-known clairvoyant, water
- reader. 11 6th ;German spoken ;tel. Howard 1S46.'
YOUNG Miss Zemdar, clair.. palmist; names
given; hrs. 10 to 9. 1203 Market st, cor. Sth.
MRS. MALLORY. clairvoyant, ! card reader;
when others fail consult- me; 25C, 125 Sixth.
MME. WALTERS, great card reader; ladies
25c, gents 50c. 951 Mission, nr. 6th; open Sun.
MME. ZEREDA, the gypsy, is the great palm-
ist and card reader; 25c up. 7 Seventh st.
MME. HANSON, palmistry, card reader; past,
present, future; 23c. 14S Sixth St., room 14.
I MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant and card, reader;
I ladies 25c. gents 50c. 132 Sixth st.
MME. SCHAFFEK, clairvoyant, card reader;
sittings daily. 44S% Jessie st.. bet 5th ani 6th.
MME. .AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry; truth or no pay: 25c. 1149 Mission. '•
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently: business
advice: names ..given: 25c up 5 Fourth st. :
CHIROPODISTS.
CORNS, buniens. ingrown nails, wart*. ¦ chil-
blalns; painless cure. Dr. Duncan. 415 Sutter.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No charge un-
less successful. Room 310. 927 Market st.
$6— HOUSE, 4 rooms; near 34th and Mission:
¦worth $12 in city. Apply 6-i Silver St., . off
Third: water free. ¦ -~~' . -
DENTISTS. .
A^lhrELicTRO-DENTALTLTNIC, 809 Mar^ ¦
ket st., cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can !
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,'
$3 50 up; plates, extractions free, $4 50 up; of- •
fice hours, 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sundays,9 to 2 *
j p. m. J. W. THATCHER, M. P.. Manager.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges •
and fillings; extractions or fillings by my J
'wonderful secret, painless method; 20 years'
experience; no students; advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed: lady attendants. :
-. DR. GEORGE W. LEEK; 20 O'Farrell st.
A— NEW unbreakable plate, the Rose Pearl,
warranted for 20 years; crowns,$3 50; fillings, >
50c; plates, $5; full set; all work painless and j
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
• —No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per set; extracting, 50c; gas given.
EXPERT dentist in order to build up a prac-
tice will fill teeth, make plates, gold crowns
and bridge work at bedrock prices; payments.
..Office 1141 Polk st. cor. Sutter; open Sundays.
CURRY, "Dentist": all work guaranteed. 214 ,
McAllister st. : phone Mint. 276. '
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush— .
Full set of teeth, $4; crowns, $3; fillings, 25c. i
DR. R. L. WALSH,815?i Geary. nr. Larkin— Pain-
Jess extraction 50c;plates $3 up;phone Polkll35.
DR. H. G. TRUEMAN. dentist, third floor, Ex-
; amTner building: formerly in Murphy bldg.
LOWEST prices in S. F. Painless extraction,
50e. N. Y. Dentists. 969 Mission St., cor. 6th.
j VAN VROOM— "Painless" ; evelnings and Sun-
i days. 1001 Market st, corner Sixth. ;
SET of teeth without plates. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. 1341 Polk st.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES :
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Milliners' School-
Class rates: patterns cut. 1019 Market st. ,
ACCORDEON pleating; country, orders prompt
attention. 121 Post. ov«.r O'Connor & Moffatt. 1
_^__ ; ; ..
GALLAGHER-MARSH College, Parrott bldg.—
Shorthand, typing and bookkeMng; Robert
F. Gallagher, expert court reporter, teacher of
shorthand; reportorial phrasing taught; prac-
tical bookkeeping, full course. $50; catalogue.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 Post St.,
S. F.— Bookkeeping, shorthand, typing, lan-
guages, telegraphy, English branches, civil,
electrical and mining engineering, etc. ;" day
& night sessions; new SO- page catalogue free.' ,
ATRES' Business College, 723 Market St.— Day '
& eve.; bookkeeping, shorthands typing, teleg-"
raphy, etc.; life scholarship, $50; individual
instruction; positions secured; catalogue f ree.-^ j
A — THE LYCEUM, an I accredited preparatory
school for the university, law - and medical
colleges: references, President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building. .
CALIFORNIA BUSINESS COLLEGE has posl-
tions guaranteed to it. by written contract and .
can therefore -with confidence guarantee posi-
tions to all its graduates. 305 Larkip st. " , ¦
ENGINEERING— Civil. elec.,mlntng,mech.,sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day. eve.; est. 1S64. Van
der Nalllen 'School, 113 Fulton, nr. City Hail.
A FULL course of. Ellis bookkeeping and the
Gregg shorthand costs only $C0. San Fran-
cisco Business College, 123C Market st
A SPECIALTY — Perfecting beginners; business
college graduates; bookkeeping; figures; short
time. TARR, exp. acct. 220 Parrott bldg. ,
MERRILL-MILLER College, shorthand and
. typing, removed to -new quarters, -rms. 40-45,
Parrott bldg.; Individ, instruction; 1 catalogue.
WANTED— A few ; pupils in ail branches In
oil painting by very competent lady teacher;
50c. Box E, Call office. " ;/.' .-
PROF. MERKI, from Paris,^violin, mandolin,
guitar; experienced. 1008 Mission st. • ;
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc. ; day or eve. : $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
ILLUSTRATION— PARTINGTON'S DAY* and
ILLUSTRATION— night class. 424 Pine st " .
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
.JAPANESE Employment Office 1 and ,' House-
cleaning Co., best * help: send men at short
notice. 1125 Sutter, nr. Polk; tel. Larkin 2331.
JAPANESE ! and Chinese help of all kinds;
cooks, waiters and house servants. GEO.
AOKI & CO., 421 Post st ; tel. Bush 135.
JAPANESE, central housecleaning &*employ-
•. ment; all kinds help. 1046 Sutter ; tel. East 203.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese employment oN
flee; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 51SS.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese. Chi-
nese help. 426 Powell.nr.Sutter; tel.- Black 5072
CHINESE ¦ and Japanese '. employment . office —
Best help. 411^ O'Farrell sf : tel. East 426.
EMPLOYMENT WASTED— FEMALB.
FIRST-CLASS Institution ¦ cook desires situa-
tion; .best of reference. MISS CULLEN, 325
' Sutter st. . . ¦ _¦'-.¦ . ,.•'..-• , .
REFINED '.competent ladles' ¦ nurse; confine-
ment or any kind of nursing; good cook and
seamstress; Address Nurse, 620 Van Ness ave.
WANTED— A situation;' general housework,
plain cooking;- American; family preferred;
wages $25. Inquire 118 Clara st. ¦¦¦'.-
WANTED — By highly recommended young wo- .
man, ; position as maid or to care for 'children
going East or to Eu rope, v R.V 2210 Webster st.
A GERMAN -¦ girl, understands German • and
French cooking,' first-class references, desires
situation: wages from $35 up." Call at 324
Stevenson st ¦
EMPLOYMENT r WANTED— FEMALE.
A YOUNG German girl, just arrived from East,
desires situation for general housework with-
out cocking. ' Call at E24 Stevenson st. -t -.'¦.
WANTED— Chamber work in hotel ; a ; strong
V young woman;- city or country; no waiting.
:¦ 2678 ' Twenty- first at, near York: . - . ./
REFINED middle-aged lady wishes position as
..housekeeper; city or country- Call 6S-76 Ellis
• .st.', room 57, between 1 and 4 p. m. ,;.. "
2 FIRST-CLASS Swedish girls desire situations
as cook and secdhd girl; best of references;
-city or country. , MISS CULLEN,: 325 Sutter.
STRONG, good willing ' woman; great house-
cleaner; can do most any kind of work; good
references; wages $1' per day and car fare;
good washer flannels. 726 Mission, downstairs.
GERMAN lady desires position as - working
'housekeeper; city or country." Call or address
1607V1. Folsom st. '. .- - - - - -
COMPETENT cook wants place in private fam-
ily; references; wages $25. Box 2223, Call of-
.- ftce, : Oakland. - ._ • "
FIRST-CLASS nurse wants a position to care
. for invalid;- no- objection to country- Box
2224. Call office. Oakland. '.
GERMAN woman wishes situation as house-
keeper or to do "general housework; good
¦plain cook; no objection to country; , wages
$15;fare paid. Box 4002, Call office.
RESPECTABLE, young Swiss lady, speaking
French and German, wishes a position for up-
stairs work and sewing; city references. Call
or address 695 McAllister st.
YOUNG girl wishes situation as second and
waiting. Call at 159A Sacramento st. i
A SWEDISH girl of -experience; a good cook
. and houseworker: city references; call from
11 to 5; no postals. 1050. Howard st. .
A RESPECTABLE, trustworthy . Protestant
woman, alone, would like a good home in
American family in the city where she can
.'make herself useful;- small wages. Box 3809,
Call office.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st. near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms; 25c to tl 50 per night; $1 50 to
r $6 week: convenient ana respectable; free 'bus
»nd baggagj to nnd from ferry.
EMPLOYMENT WANTEn— - 31ALE. '
STEADY, sober married man wants a position
as porter, night watchman or teamster or
work of any kind. Box 4007, . Call office.
POSITION wanted by a young man of 24, sin-
gle, speaking both English and German;
' wishes to learn bartending: is strictly sober;
excellent reference. Box 4006, Call office.
MIDDLE-AGED man desires situation in pri-
vate residence; good gardener; flrst-class man
with horses; good driver; handy with tools or
take care of invalid. Box 4003, Call office.
BY steady, sober cook, steady position In res-
taurant or' oyster house. Address GEO. J.
.- WENSE. 115 . Eighth st. '
POSITION as meat cutter; can furnish the best
¦ of references: city or country. GEO. Mc-
DOWELL, 916 Seventh St., room 22. Oakland.
GERMAN lunch cook wishes Situation in sa-
loon. Address box 3896, Call office. . ,
LUNCH cook wants steady work. . 3237^ Slx-
teenth* st. . ' - '
POSITION wanted by young man 21 years old
¦ as traveler's assistant. Box 3897, Call office.
SCOTCHMAN wishes situation to work in coun-
try. Box 4013, Call office.
POULTRYMAN; understands incubators and
brooders. Box 2222, Call office, Oakland.
YOUNG man wishes situation In family; un-
derstands care horses, cows, chickens, gar-,
den; good driver; best references. F. S., box
3798, Call office. ' .
WANTED- Situation as man about place; un-
derstands care of horses, milking and garden;
city or country. Please call or write S.
LAUX, 26 Turk St., Park Hotel.
TO druggists! -Wanted -A situation; two and
• a half years' experience; not a graduate;
willing in all: city or country; Al references.
Box 3856, Call office.
YOUNG man wants position in grocery and
bar; had one' year's experience in bar work;
can speak German aud English.. Box 3S36,
Call office. * .
SITUATION wanted By middle-aged barkeeper
In country hotel ; raferences. Address D.
LOVETT,- 16 Fifth st •
A. YOUNG man, German, would like position
as bartender in country; best of references.
Address G. M.. 1104 Larkin st. r .
POSITION by Japanese as porter in saloon
or barman. Address. 211 Eddy st. ; telephone
Jessie 1588.
WITH good references. I want a place as cook
in boarding-house or institution in this city.
. Address YEE LING, 20 Prospect place, city.
., ' . FINANCIAL.
FOR INVESTORS!!! ,
I OFFER FOR SALE
Unimproved and income city property: gilt-
edge bonds and stocks of electric, gas, rail-
road and industrial corporations; money to
loan; investments ¦ made; bank references;
correspondence solicited. • . •'.
• T. OTWAY SADLEIR.
, Room 40, 3io Pine st.
¦ : . Pan Franc'son.
FLATS LET.
TO let— Sunny upper flat of G rooms and bath,
furnished or unfurnished. Apply 1627 Folsom
st., - from 12 to 4 o'clock.
TO let — Furnished lower flat 6 rooms for 3
months; terms reasonable. Apply at 2100
Golden Gate ave. -
A — SUNNY lower flat, 4 rooms and basement,
$10. 110 Perry st.. % near Third.
FLAT of 5 rooms; rent $15. 519 Grove' st.
FLAT of 5 sunny rooms, with good yard; mod-
ern Improvements. Apply 622 Minna, nr. 7th.
FLAT 5 sunny rooms and bath.' 21% — 'e Long
ave., near Waller st. ¦ •
FLAT of 6 rooms and bath. -981 Harrison. st;
rent $23.
FOR rent— Furnished modern flat, 6 rooms, for
4 months from May 1; cheap. 1530 Grove st.
NEAR City Hall: fine sunny. top flat, 6 rooms
and bath. 12 Grove st. ' ;
NEW sunny flat; 7 rooms and bath; rent $15.
. Apply 350 Precita ave., near Folsom st. ¦
SUNNY upper flat: 6 rooms, bath tubs and
yard. 1748 Folsom st. ¦ ¦
TO let— Elegant new large flats. Washington
st,. between Scott and Devisadero.
3 ELEGANT new flats: Church st: near 18th.
FLATS "TO - LET— Furnished.
'A NICELY furnished modern flat of 4 rooms,
complete; reasonable., 513 Eddy St.
GOLDEN "GATE ave., 1517— Middle; piano,
. bath, garden, etc., $26; upper. $20; lower, $12.
FLATS FOR SALE FURNISHED.
$400— NICELY furnished sunny flat, 6 rooms.
; JOSEPH BAILIE,' 759 Market st. . ,v :
FURNITURE FOR SALE.:
FOR sale--Nicely furnished eunny upper flat*
6 rooms, bath; Powell, near. Pine; no agents.
Box 4015, Call office. * ¦: :
* ROOMS furnished in oak.' IIS PO. with .No. 7
i_ me. . Kine Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE of 4-room flat for sale cheap;
flat to rent. 1748 Seventeenth ave.. South S. F.
ASSORTMENTS - ¦ of furniture.- carpets and
stoves: give us a trial. 1114 Mission st.
' FURNITURE W ANTED.
TO receive highest value for furniture, carpels,
etc.; see. W.E.Cody. 7.i7, Mission: tel. Red 3353.
AUCTIONEER John Elder. 22 Kearny, buys &
sells your, bus., merchandise, fur., carpets., etc.
IF you want to sell furn., md«e., etc., see J. A.
Munro & Co., 240 Stockton st. : tel. James 1341.
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission st. pays highest
price for second-hand furniture: tel. 'Red 1354.
Auctioneer — L. Vincent,' 1205 Carkin; tel. Polk 694;
- .furniture <fe furn' d houses bought; spot cash.
CHAS.' LEVY. buys. :*cur' furniture, carpets,
¦ plnnnp. ftp. 1135 ¦ Market ft: tH.',.Tessle 761. -i-
HELP ¦ WAKTED— FEMALE. , .
COOK and second girl, American family of 2,
$25 and $20; working housekeeper, country,
$20, -fare paid, see party here; first-class hotel
. seamstress • who understands . carpet sewing,
: $23 and found; hotel cook" for across the bay,
$33. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
WANTED — Wetnurse for baby 3 months old,
:'. good wages; competent nurse for growing
children: must go. with lady totthe country;-
wages. $23. Apply CATTELL'S, 523 Eighth
St., Oakland. .- -
WANTED--ln - San Rafael, • for general ¦ house-
.. work, an active obliging girl -between age; of
28 and 30 in family of six; wages $30 month;
must i have . good references. Address P.' O.
. box 196, - San Rafael. - • . ; "i
GIRL , about > 15 to learn . typesetting; splendid
• ". chance for 'an ambitious girl : • $3 ' week • to
: start." Young Folks' Weekly, 516 Commercial.
PANTS finishers : steady , work ; * good wages.
; SELIG BROS.. IPS Battery st. . - .-;¦¦ " ... .. ¦¦¦;
EXPERIENCED :': bookkeeper: state ' references
'and salary, expected: . Box 4010. Call office.;.
GIRL" -wanted : cooking, some housework. NE.
"¦ cor. : East : 14th ' St. - and 28th > ave.'. Frultvale. .
TYPEWRITIST; billing "mostly; some office
collecting; $6. SMITHS' CASH. STORE. 25
- Market. st ¦"¦..- % - ,¦ - - : -; • - • ' '. J
HELP WAiyTED-.FEMAt.K— Cow.
AT C.R. HANSEN & CO/S.. Phone Grant 1S5
HOTEL DEPARTMENT. .
, Waitress, springs, extreme northern part of
: the State, . $20, fare paid, see party here.
C.R. HANSEN & CO.... 104 Geary st
2 WAITRESSES." commercial hotel.."... $20
Chambermaid, to wait, same place .$20
2 waitresses, summer resort see party here.$20
Chambermaid, to wait, summer resort, see
_ party here ....'... $20
Chambermaid, ¦ German or Scandinavian,
country :.... $20
10 waitressss, city ....$20
Lunch waitress, no Sunday work 50c
2- waitresses, Bakersfield $•»
¦Cook, twenty-five men...............". ••» 3 2
Cook, hotel, country...: ?*»
FAMILY DEPARTMENT."
- Cook and 2d, country, see party here....$30-$2a.
j Seamstress and assist, 2d work, country.. .$20
. House girl, sleep home $20
Cook, country, see party here ...$30
Housegirl, mining town, fare paid $2o
Cooks, house girls, nurse girls, city and
- country ¦ • $10-$->
C.R. HANSEN & CO :..1O4 Geary st
A BOOKKEEPER with flrst-class ! references
¦ for lumber, merchandise and hardware store;
country; $30-$40. • ' :^">'
C. R. HANSEN & CO ..104 Geary »t
MRS. M. E. DAY & CO...-. ..Phone Main 1575
HOTEL DEPARTMENT.
Head waitress, $35, and 5 waitresses, flrst-
class resort; 2 waitresses and chambermaid.
i $20 each, same hotel, see party here, fare
paid; 2 waitresses, country hotel, $20; 4 wait-
resses, city. $20 and $25; 3 chambermaids, to
wait dinner. $20; 2 chambermaids, $18; woman
to - wash dishes in restaurant, % day, $10
month. '¦- . - ¦ '
FAMILY DEPARTMENT.
First-class cook and , house girl •. (no wash-
. Ing), country, $30, see lady here: middle-aged
housekeeper, $25, fare paid; house girl, small
American family; ranch, $20; house gin,
ranch, Vallejo, ?20; 2 second girls, city. $20;.
- many cooks and house girls, city. MRS. M. -
E. DAY & CO.. 335 Geary st.
WANTED— Young woman to cook and do part
H washing for American family of 5 to go to
Tacoma, Wash., second girl kept, wages $30
and fare paid ; waitress for nice country
hotel, $25: cook and second girl, same house,
country $30 and $20: 8 second girls, city and
country, $.20 and $25; 6 cooks, plain wash,
$30; cook for 15 boarders, $30; cook, country
hotel, •*. $33; cook,' small country resort. $40.
Bee lady this forenoon. J. F. CROSETT &
CO.. 316 Sutter st.
GIRL for general housework and cooking; San
Mateo; $25. Apply 40 Montgomery st, rm. 9.
WANTED— A good coat finisher. 520 Kearny
"St., upstairs, room 1. ¦ -
DISHWASHER; also noon waitress. 513 Bran-
nan St., near 4th; no Sun. work; call early.
MIDDLE-AGED woman for general house-
work; wages $12. Apply 123 Duncan »t.
GIRLS wanted to wrap chewing gum. 27 Main,
street. .
NURSE girl to take care one child; wages $12;
must sleep home. 316 Sutter st . .
YOUNG girl to assist waiting at tables; $20 to
start with. 680 Fourth st
COMPETENT 'and willing young nurse for
children; references. 1319 Gough st, corner
Post, 2 to 4 p. m. only.
GIRLS "wanted to sew by hand. 723 Market
1st., room 35.
A— SEWERS wanted to take work home. 723
Market st, room 35.
AN office assistant; salary $15 per month: priv-
; liege of using typewriter one hour each day;
: Box; 4009, Call. './—¦.
"GIRL to assist in restaurant; experience not
¦' necessary. 'Apply. 1727 Market st.
MIDDLE-AGED lady 'to assist in light house-
keeping; must sleep home. 24 Sixth st.
OPERATORS «and finishers en coats; electric
power. 40 Ellis 'st, room 52. .
APPRENTICE for tailoring; paid while learn-
ing. 273 Minna St., near Fourth.' . •
LUNCH waitress wanted. 631 Clay st.
"WAITRESS wanted. 631 Clay st.
YOUNG ' lady typewriter and stenographer.
Address In own handwriting, stating ex-
perience, box 2885, Call office.
WAIST hands, , operators ¦ and apprentices
paid. 710 Polk st., bet Eddy and Ellis.
GIRL for part housework; must be good cook;
$25. Apply between 10 and 2, 2346 Jones st
GIRL for shooting gallery. 425 Dupont et ;
call after 10 a. m. ; $1 a day.
WANTED— Girl for housework and assist with
child. .Call in the morning, 1319 Buchanan
St.. near Geary.
WANTED — First-class tailoress on coats. 850
Market St., rooms "3 and 4. .
WANTED— Swedish girl for general house-
work: good cook; small family; references.
217 Nineteenth St.. Oakland. .....
2 FIRST-CLASS finishers on trousers. M. J.
KELLER CO., Oakland.
BUTTONHOLE maker, finishers and appren-
tices on custom coats. BELASCO & HAR-
RIS CO., 541 Market st. ' ' .
TAILORESS to work on custom . work. . 200
Golden Gate ave.
EXPERIENCED waitress and chambermaid.
Apply between 1 and 2, 2340 . Washington st.
FINISHER . on flrst-class coats. 334 Kearny
st, ' room 9.
GIRL for -general housework^ and cooking;
small | family-; -wages $20. 1810 Laguna st.
ABOUT 200 n more operators wanted at LEVI
STRAUSS & CO.'S, overall factory, 32 Fre-
mont st; no experience necessary; good
wages. Apply to MR. DAVIS.
POSITION for woman over 25 with some busl-
-ness training; capable of earning $12 a week;
no canvassing. Box 3817, Call office. ,
WANTED— First-class saleslady on tailor made
suits; experienced and good references. BAR-
RON, Ladies' Tailor. 22-24 Grant ave. -i
OPERATORS on shirts wanted; electric power
used: none but experienced hands need apply.
- 517 Filbert st. .. .
OPERATORS, button-hole makers and appren-
tices' wanted; paid while learning. 509 Kear-
ny Et;, room 2.
MIDDLE-AGED woman to take care of chil-
dren and housework, , $15. 11J0 Golden Gate
ave. " • . • ' - ¦ ¦
EXPERIENCED also learners, on
muslin underwear. G. W.I REYNOLDS, E97
Mission st., corner Second.
HAIRDRESSING taught in 4 weeks; positions
secured when finished; eve'g. classes; terms
reasonable. Halrdressing College. 674 Geary.
MILLINERY taught. in 3 months: positions se-
cured ; when competent: eve'g. classes; terms
reasonable. Millinery College, 574 Geary st-
GOOD helpers, dressmakers, skirt hands, waist
hands. 7S2 Geary st.
GIRL, general house-work; no cooking, jio dish-
washlng; $20. 1562 Post st, near Laguna.
TAILORESSES wanted ; a flrst-class pants
| maker 46a% Minna st, near Sixth.'
WANTED — Experienced shirt or waist opera-
. tors. . EAOLKSON *-,CO.. 535 Market wt.
AVANTI3D— MALE.
A— MURRAY & READY.. . . . .Phone Main 5848
Leading Employment and Labor Agents,
WANT 7 A. M. TO-DAY
5 miners, large company..... $75
3 single-hand miners ..$2 50 day
- DITCH DIGGERS
5 laborers to dig ditches, j large ranch, near
.city :.....V.... $30 and found
5 laborers, sawmill, San Mateo Co $30
-4 lumber pliers. . ..'....... $30
10 laborers, sawmill and lumber company.. $26
•15 laborers, city and country.: .'.$175 day
.7 blacksmiths, camps and shops....:..
..................•........'.. ..$60-$2 50 day
4 carrlaze painters........ $50
27 farm hands, 'haymakers, etc.:.. $26 and $30
15 milkers, city and country.... ....$30 and $35
• 3 butchers, slaughter house and shop..$59-$52
'14 cooks, city and country...... $35, $40 and $50
-12 waiters, city and country — $25, $30 and $35
Cook and wife, country hotel..:...... $55
"Walter and wife 4 bakers $50 and $60
Call down and read Jour bulletin boards.
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st
A— WANTED— ' -¦-.'-, ¦¦
Handy man and wife on gentleman's place;
$35 to $40 and found; a very desirable posl-
• tion; call early and see party at our office.
W.»P. EWER & CO., 610 Clay st.
AT CAL. EMP.' AG'CY, 59 3d; phone John 3131
3 carriage painters, country. $2 60 per day.
4 carpenters, country. $3 per day. - ¦
2. farm hands, spring bed furn., $26 month.
4 men for sawmills, free fare. ;
4 experienced : redwood tiemakers. fare paid.
4 woodchoppers. pine, -4-foot, $1 25 per cord."
3'milkers, $30, per month. . " '
MAN and wife for private place; 2 in family;
- woman first-class cook and man as chore-
man;- $45 to $50; see party ¦ here 9 . a, m.
,. MRS. : M. E- . DAY. & CO.. 335 Geary st.
CHOREMAN for ranch; $20 to $25; see party
here 8:30. MRS. M. E. DAY & CO., . 333
' Geary" st. '- ' """ ¦¦"""¦ : v .* "
A— HOTEL GAZETTE. 26 Montgomery, room 12.
•Waiter for officers' mess. ; $40, country; head
• waiter, country hotel, $45; engineer, : $30.
JOURNEYMEN Barbers' International Union—
¦ Free employment: only recognized union. 113
r. Turk: tel. Folsom 15S3. I. LESS. Secretary. -
WANTED—- ¦-¦'.<-,."•.'; ¦'¦'.. -¦„¦¦•,
Bright intelligent youth living with parents,"
* '.who 7 can , sweep : and / dust the office and
wishes -to learn the employment business;
salary $5 a week to commence; must write
legibly.. Box 4008, Call. .,, ,, :">*-—
CARPENTERS, finishers and painters,-, non-
; union; no office fees. Mech.'Reg. Bureau, 410
.Kearny, st _- i --' . ¦_, • . ', ' .
A r GOOD, boy: or 'man wanted to do peddling;
$4 50 a week and i up. J Call at , 563 Natoma ,et
from ,7 o'clock in the morning. ' ' " ¦. i
J HELP WANTED ~
AT C. R, HANSEN & CO.'S....... 104 Geary ¦*•
¦:",." HOTEL DEPARTMENT.
Chef, summer hotel ; **" «sa
Baker and pastry cook, same place- *»»
Head laundryman. same place •£:
Chef, cafe, country •• tViilifiO
G eecond cooks, fryers and broilers * «50
Second cook, country hotel JXX
-Cook and wife, logging camp """tM
Baker and pastry cook, springs • *£:
Cook, private boarding-house JJX
Hotel man as kitchen steward ''V,'n«-?rt
Porters, bell boys * 10 '* 3a
MISCELLANEOUS. „
6 milkers, *30: blacksmith *~*%i
Blacksmith's helper, board and Vi'Vn'it^
. 3 laborers for foundry ••••?}¦ «"_„,_
EO woodchoppers U 50 a cord
RAILROAD WORK.
Tunnelmen and drillers * z -*' 2{
Teamsters and laborers. Uklah iVrk
Laborers, railroad work ;C__"_.«,«»
Free Fare Kre« rare
C. R. HANSEN'&'cO 1M Geary st
A YOUNG man to drive delivery . wa 5° n .'°J
fruit store; one who has been in "> e _ bu ?*? e jl
before. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st
MARRIED farmer for fruit ranch, $45 and
house rent free; man about place. $20 ana
found: farmers. $25 and $30; milkers. $oO and
$35; milker and wife. $50; 10 laborers for
country, $2 day: 4 miners. $2 day end boara.
7 carmen for mine. $2 day; 15 section men
for railroad, free fare; 2 drivers for miuc
wagons. $35 and $40 and found; choreman for
ranch, $20 to $25; woodchoppers, tiemakers
and others. J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 62S Sac-
ramento at .
WAITER and wife, private family. $55 and
found; cook for small resort. $40: cook, coun-
try hotel. $40: night cook. $60; baker, country
shop, $S5 and found; boy to learn bakers
trade, $10 and found and Increase: 2 waiters.
country hotel, $30; waiter, country restaurant.
$30 and fcund; 2 waiters, country boarding-
houses, $25: tamalo . maker. $20 and found;
dishwashers and others. J. _•. CROSETT &
. CO., C28 Sacramento ft. ,
Chore man and wife for small prlvata farm, see
boss here, $35 to $40 ; buggy washer, small stable,
1 ne?ir city, $30 and found; hostler, small sta-
ble, near city, $30 and found: 2 sheepherders.
see J>os3 here,. $23 and found! 2 single-hand
miners, $42 and found; 2 drillers for quarry
at mine, $4» and found; blacksmith and shoe
shop, near city. $45 and found; carriage
painter, country shop. $45 and found; farm
hand and milk, fare 50c, $25; 2 milkers, coun-
try. $30; butttermaker and milk, $30; cellar
man. country, see boss here, $30 and increase;
handy man for ranch, 525.
• W. D. EWER & CO.. 610 Clay st.
THE Boss Barbers' Protective Association will
meet to-night at 8:30 o'clock, 120 O'Farrell
st, "Alcazar building. All bo«s barbers are
cordially Invited to attend. By order of com-
mlttee.
WANTED— A pantry man able to wait at ta-
ble. 613 Clay st.
WANTED— A porter; assist at table. 133 O'Far-
rell st. .
FOUR laborers, pick and shovel; two team-
sters. Railroad ave. and Fifteenth st. ; Ken-
tucky-st. cars. -
"WANTED— An experienced young man "for the
undertaker business. Adress box 4017, Call.
BARBER evenings, Saturday and Sunday, or
steady young man about 2 years' experience.
Call 167 Ninth st. >
COAT, vest and pants makers wanted at 633
Kearny st.
WANTED — Man to open oysters anS cook. 135
Third st. ¦ - - - :
WAITER wanted; do porter work and carry
trays. 37 Eddy st. .
WANTED— A' young waiter at 12 East st.
BOY under presser on pants at once, H.
HILP. 106 Battery st. .
WANTED— Good boy to keep press. 2403 Cali-
fornia st. ¦
DISHWASHER wanted. 631 Clay st.
WANTED— Man with $3000 to handle a $30,000
exhibit at Buffalo. Box 4014, Call office.
A FIRST-CLASS pressman on pants at 136
New Montgomery st, room 10. •
WANTED — Steady ma»; permanent place; light
work; will pay $65 cer month to start; must
have $200. READ & CO., 1007% Market st.
WAITER wanted at EbO Howard st.
PANTS pressmen wanted by S. N. WOOD &
CO. Apply at factory, 27 Geary st
WANTED— Blacksmith's helper. 537 Bran-
¦ nan st.
"WANTED — A first-class waiter and a good sec-
ond cook. 29 Stockton st.
BARBER shop, 2 chairs; cigar stand; $173. In-
quire 3901 Twenty-fourth st.
WANTED — Strong boy to learn horseshoeing.
1721 Market st, opposite Halght.
BLACKSMITH and 2 helpers en wagon work.
316 Railroad ave., S. S. F.. Butchertown.
CUSTOM coat and custom pants makers. Ap-
ply HENRY HILP, 102-106 Battery St.
BOOTBLACK and assist janitor: boy about 17;
wages $7 week. 32S Montgomery st, room 618.
WANTED — Boy 16 or 17; references. HOO-
VER'S Pharmacy.^ California and Devisadero.
BRIGHT young man wanted for. the butcher
business. 3035 Sacramento st.
WANTED- Tailors ; steady positions. ROOS
BROS., 25-37 Kearny st.
WANTED— Barber, first class, to buy one-half
Interest in a good country shop or work for
wages. - Inquire 225% Montgomery ave.
WIDE-AWAKE young man between the age
of 20 and 30. Call at 2750 Greenwich st, be-
tween 8 and 9 a. m. "
COMPETENT locksmith and bellhanger: state
reference and experience. Box 4005, Call.
PARTNER in plain cash business; pay $65 to
each; $150 required. Lundln & Co., 906 Market
A MIDDLE-AGED man of experience to run
. electrical elevator at moderate < pay. Apply
.' to SMITH. 27 Market st .
TWO coatmakers for the country. J. BAUM-
GARTEN & CO., 7 Montgomery st.
WANTED — German agents, well dressed, good
talkers. Call 9-10 a. m. at 605 Parrott bldg.
ERRAND boy. Apply at 320 Sansome st.
room 48. , ¦
WANTED — Fine coatmakers; steady work.
' VALENTINE, 347 Bush at.
BOY about 18 years old wanted to attend soda
water fountain. Inquire at 810 Market st.
COATMAKER wanted to work in store. 913
Pacific st.
COAT." vest and pants makers wanted at JOB
POHEIM'S. 201-203 Montg'y. 1110-1112 Market.
PANTS an<3 vest maker for country. Apply
REISS BROS. & CO., 24 Sutter St. . "
WANTED— Boy 15 to 16 years of age in whole-
sale house. Address box 3822, Call office.
BARBERS — A 3-chalr shop for sale cheap. 14
-Turk st. "
COATMAKERS wanted. .Apply at factory of
S. N. WOOD & CO., 27 Geary st.
BASTERS on coats. Apply 'factory " of S. N.~
WOOD & CO., 27 Geary st
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. £62 Mission st. bet 1st and 2d sts.
"WANTED — Recruits for the marine corps. U.
S. navy; able-bodied unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of 21 and 33;
not less than 5 feet 4 inches and not over 6
feet 1 inch; able to read and speak English.
For further information apply at the Recruit-
- ing Otfl<^. 40 Ellis st. San Francisco.
MEN — Our catalogue explains how we teach
the trade in two months, saving two years;
mailed free. I We have no 5c shop In connec-
tion with our college; chairs and furniture
are all made to o«r own order, with a view
to cleanliness and convenience.
MOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE, 635 Clay rt
Beware of any cheap imitations. *
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third st. : l»0 large
rooms: 25c per night; SI to $2 per week.
WANTED— Flrst-class cook for hotel: refer-
ences . required. . C. E. EMERSON. Susan-
ville, Cal. » - - - - ¦
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c
to 50c. 562 Mission st., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
SOLDERERS arid boys wanted. American Can
Co., 618 Battery st.
ABOUT TEN more agents wanted at St7 Third.
WANTED— 100 men to take rooms, 10c, 13c and
¦ 20c. Boston House. 930 Howard st.
WANTED— 500 men to buy new and 2nd-hand
.. army shoes. $1 up; soling 20c up. 923 Howard.
McDONALD & PERRY- have 500 pairs second-
hand shoes for sale. 50c up. 241 Third st •
AT, cash prices for $1 per week, men's suits to
order. NEUHAUS& CO.. 115 Kearny st.
YOUNG man to do Janitor work for his tuition,
S. F. Barber School. - 741A Howard st
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st. near Mar-
ket — 700 rooms. ; 25c night: reading-rooms; free
'bus and baggage to and from ferry. .* '
HOUSES TO LET— FURNISHED.
HOUSE of 8 large sunny . rooms, nicely f ur-
nished; piano, garden, • laundry; May 1, for
3 or 6 months; rent reasonable. -2838 Mission.
SUBURBAN HOMES.
SANTA CRUZ MOUNTAINS. " I "
SANTA CRUZ. MOUNTAINS.
A house 10 rooms, furnished complete; piano,
horse, carriages;. 4 acres land; going East
i \ Call on MR. LACY, 624 Market st
'HORSES AND WAGONS.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
827 Sixth st: auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
FINE pair of draft horses. 5 and « years old;
found; weight between 1500 and 1600. Address
F. "W. SWEETSER. Novato. •
FOR sale — Span light young mares; camplnj
wagon and harness. 1262. Mission st. room 1.
5 SECOND-HAND spnnkllng wa_on_ la good
order for sale. 377 Shotwell »t
S. F. VETERINARY College will commence ita
Sd session June 10. Catalogue by applying to
M. L» Pancoast. sec. 510 Golden Gate ave.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness.
etc.. cheap. EGAN & SON, 2117 Mission st
GOOD business horses, wagon horses, heavy.
light fast pacers and trotters. 721 Howard.
AN a No. 1 express wagon, single, also light
camping wagon, for sale cheap. 532 Mission.
MOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED LIST Houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
SUNNY house 9 rms.; conveniences; large yard;
- basement 1918 Central ave.. near Sacramento.
COUNTRY HOUSES TO LET.
TO let in Santa Barbara. — Furnished house;
house and furniture new; fine .location; two
blocks from Arlington Hotel and one block
from trolley line; ten minutes* ride from
beach: house contain, four bedrooms, serv-
ant's room, etc.: gas and electric lights; th»
most complete and best furnished house ia
Santa Barbara. For particulars address
FRANK M. WHITNET, Santa Barbara. Cal.
INSTANTANEOUS WATER HEATER.
YOU light your flame, and by the time, you ar«
disrobed hot bath ia. ready, at a cost of 2>jc;
• call and see It In operation: send for illus-
trated pamphlet RIBBON WATER HEAT-
ING CO.. Examiner building, room 607.
LOST AND FOUND.
LOST— Gentleman's watch fob with diamond
locket attached; lockst bearing initial*
"O. S" ; suitable reward offered. Ad-
dress O. SAJMUELS, 109 Sansome st.
LOST— At Techau Tavern, solitaire diamond
ring and cameo ring; reward $20. Return to
521 Capp st.
LOST— "White fcx terrier bitch. - Return to 309
Mason st, between 5 and 6 o'clock: reward.
LOST— Sunday afternoon, on going to the park,
a heavy gold chain. A liberal reward on re-
turning same to 1012 Thirteenth st
LOST — Lady's gold embossed hunting ca3<*
watch, on Bryant, Sixth or 1210 Market op
Emporium; reward. K. SMITH, 607 Bryant
LOST — Gold chain with heart attached. Return
to 5."0 Minna St. and receive reward.
"LOST — A silver watch and some money at
*)f Lands End Beach, near Cliff House. Return
to box 2S98. Call office.
BOAT lost, in Petaluma Creek, after 10 o'cloclc
Saturday night: painted dark outside, light
Inside, with anchor in the boat. Finder
please notify Golden Eagle Mills, or FA1R-
. BANKS. Petaluma, CaL
FOUND— 20-foot skiff, 1 car marked S. A.. El
Campo. Fishermen's wharf.
Wanted — Old gold for manufacturing. O. Nolle
jeweler. 248 O'Farrell. bet. Powell and Mason.*
MATRIMONIAL.
GENTLEMEN wishing to marry wealthy ladle*
send lOo for list. MRS. HERTZ. 706 Kllta st.
MATTRESSES AMJ UPHOLSTERY.
—ATTEESSES and upholstery; tel. Soutii 732;
to order or renovated, feather and hair
cleared: expert carpet cleaning: strictly rell-
able. HOPKE BROS.. S1S-Z20 Kleventh st
MEDICAL.
A— RENOWNED specialisf; those who desire to
obtain results promptly; I treat ladies only;
my regulator has no equal; all classes of fe-
male complaints relieved by treatment su-
perior to all others; the only treatment that
helps the unfortunate; the most obstlnata
cases are immediately relieved without pain;
no ether treatment will do thi3; the most dif-
ficult cases treated: scientific methods guar-
anteed. DR. G. W. CDONNELL. 1013 Markt.
DR. AND MRS. DA VIES. IKS Market, ladies'
specialists; 32 years' practice: all cases treat-
ed by our wonderful herb remedy; a rellabla
treatment, superior to any other: positive cure-
guaranteed at o£flce; patlent3 treated can re-
turn same day; those wishing to treat them-
selves should send for the Hindoo Herb Horn*
Treatment: harmless; consultation free.
A-— Dr. V. Popper, the well-known female spe-
cialist, cures all female complaints in on«
day; the- longest and most obstinate cases
relieved without pain; every woman her own
physician; can be sent; experience in all
cases for 37 years. 12 Mason st., near Market.
A TREATMENT that is guaranteed to give
. instant relief for all female complaints at of-
fice; travelers helped at once; home in con-
finement: consult free. MRS. DR. KOHL,
1122 Market st. next to Owl Drug Store.
DR. and MRS. GOODWIN. 1033 Market at. nrl
6th — Expert specialists; well known anil reli-
able; 25 yrs. experience: treatment guaranteed
to give Instant relief from all female troubles;
avoid incompetent specialists: consult free.
MRS. DR. WTETH, reliable specialist: 25 yrs.'
successful practice: guaranteed treatment at
office; any ailment; home before and during
confinement 942 Post. bet. Hyde and Larkin.
ALL cases of female complaints cured; expert
for 37 years. Dr. V. Popper, 12 Mason St.
MRS. DR. ALLEN. HIS Market— Reliable la-
dies* specialist! best medical care: low fees.
MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines. ?d-hand machinery. Mo-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 193-197 Fremont st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, new and second hand: -we always
have a large stock of saloon outfits on hand;
32 complete outfits on one floor, ready made;
we can ship everything in 24 hours. J.
NOONAN. 1017. 1019. 1021. 1023. Mission St.,
above Sixth: write for catalogue.
SELLING out my entire stock of trumpeters
and swallows; going East the cause; will
sell them cheap. F. PRINZ. 13 Harrison
ave., off Folsom st, between 7th and Sth.
A — BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers., water pipes, shafting, pulleys.
etc. WHITELAW. 213 Spear st.
SEND for that cluster diamond and ruby scarf-
pin: price $103, worth $200. UNCLE HARRIS.
15 Grant ave.
FOR sale— Fine stock of chickens, all kinds
and sizes, from 10c up. Derby st. west of,
Magee ave. 4 Lorin. Berkeley.
FINE suits. $10; dress pants. $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery at.
A— $3 60 DERBY and Fedora hats. H 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters. 330 Kearny st. near Pine.
BASEBALL calendar, containing pictures of
Bill Lange and Georsre Van Haltren; 30c post-
paid. S. R. CHURCH. 307 Sansome St., S. F.
TYPEWRITERS at any price to close them
out: different makes: call early for bargains.
TYPEWRITER EXCHANGE. 409 California.
FIRST-CLASS second-band modern engines and
boilers bought and sold. KROGH MFG. CO.
GAS. steam, oil and mining machinery bought
and sold. Livingston. 55S Mission st. nr. 2d.
2C0 LIGHT marine set. directly connected; good
Bhape: cheap. H. 3. WHITE. 51S Mission at.
ENGINES and boiler.':: second-hand machinery.
J. BURKE. 133 Beale st
Gasoline or distillate engines, new & 2d-hand;
all sizes; guaranteed. NEWELL. 56 Bluxome.
PHOTOGRAPHIC and magic lantern goods
bought sold, exchanged. 103 Montgomery «t.
SAFES— New and second hand. THE HER-
MAN SAFE CO., 417-423 Sacramento st.
MAGIC lanterns, new a::d 2d-hand moving plc-
tures. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post at.
SAFE? — New nnd seconJ hand: nil sizes. THT5
WALTZ SAFE. IWMt! Market at.. Pan Fran.
MISCELLAXEO _ S WANTS.
WILL exchange violin for typewriter. Box
4012. Call office. -
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 Ninth: tel. Folsom 2522.
I 5IOSBJY # TO LOAN.
A— MONEY to loan at rates which peopIaTcan
afford to pay on furniture, pianos etc • do
not borrow of your friends or you" will" 'loss
their friendship; do business with strangers
and you will be better satisfied: no delay no
publicity. Rooms 9 and 10. 906 Market st
IF YOUR PROPERTY ~~~
•••• •: IS MORTGAGED
and you need more money, see H MURPHY
630 Market st Loans on estates in probate.
. undivided interests in estates, second mort-
gages, etc
ANY proposition, any amount; C per cent- first,
second mortgages, estates in probate, interest
in estates, legacies: corporation loans, chattel
mortgages and securities. Room IS. 1st floor.
Chronicle building. HALLORAN & OLSEN.
ANY amount at 6%: first. 2d and 3d mort-
gages, undivided interest, "eal estate In pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought: no de-
lay; get my terms before _olng business else-
where. R. McCOLGAN. - 24 Montgomery, r. X
HIGHLY respectable, private place to rbtala
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry at low-
est ¦ rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store 84S Market
st ; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third «t
tfOO.OCO AT C per cent in sums to suit In elty:
$loO,000 on large ranches at fair rates: second
mortgages. R. J. MERCER & SON. 413 P!a».THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, APRIL 23, .1901.
11
ALL kinds bought, sol-1. rented, exchanged, re-
paired; open even.; phone Black 1124. 205 4th.
ALL kinds bought,- sold and 'repairing guaran-
teed. Charles Plambeck, 1915 Mission, nr. 15th.
Dr. Harriett Welch, 2115 Bush; hours 2 to 3, ex-
cept Th. and Sat.; electrolysis; 17 years" exper.
BOUGHT, sold, rented, repaired ; needles and
shuttles: reduced rates. ' 145 6th ; phone Mint 5.,
SPRING styles Standard patterns now ready.
"Domestic" office. 1021 Market st., nr. Sixth.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
PIERCE-RQDOLPH" Storage and Moving Co.,
.office. Post and Powell sts.; tel. Main 6713.
$25 CASH, $10 monthly— Lot 100x200, " fronting on
two streets; lot covered with fruit and shade
trees; city water; an ideal place for chicken
raising; finely sheltered ; superb r soil ;' away
from ' fogs and raw winds ; adjoining East
Oakland; near a nne school and electric car
lices; price $590 all told. Call or send for cir-
cular, 455 Seventh st., opposite Broadway feta-
tion, Oakland, carriage free. H. Z. JONES,
Owner. ; •
OLD g'cld, silyer, diamonds and precious stones
bought. J. R. JENKF.L. 817 Market st.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., 722 Mission St.;
tel. Main 1840; shipping at cut rates.
PACIFIC. Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany,- 2320 Fillmore ot.; phone Jackson 281.
FOR sale or exchange-^A new 13-room house
and stable for cottage. Inquire at 1520 Eighth
¦ ave.. East Oakland. '
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse. 840 Mis-
sion St.; tel. Mint 1S21. F. W. ZEHFUSS.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna; restores, gray
hair to its natural color; $1; at all druggists.
FINE Oakland Income property: rents $840: a
snap for quick, buyers. • Box 2218. Call. Oakl'd.
TO LEASE.
MASQUERADE costumes, play .books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
f j'/O.CPO TO loan on real estate or for building:
low rate. 212 Eansome St.. room 2.
LEAN'S on salaries without '.ndorser or secur-
ity: KaEtern plan. Pearson. 309 Phelan bldg.
1/iAX?. ;»t or :d mtgs; city, countrv. €%. undi-
vided ir.t*. ; estates. HARPER. SS7 Parrott big.
CASH loanfd en salaries; New York plan. THE
TOrsLKY CO.. 221 Parrott building.
C. LANDECKER. 20 Mon tg'y- Watche/s cleaned
and repaired, no matter what's broken, $l;guar.
BSOKBT 5oai"' < l salaried people without security.
I1ILU rr.i. 44, Merchants' Ex., 431 California.
Ladies' & gents' cast-off clothing bought &
. sold. J. Sllverman, 9S4 Folsom :tel.Fol3om 1191.
2% on furniture and pianos; $15 up: no removal;
no commission: private. Room SL 6 Eddy st.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watchos. jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL, 10 Sixth;
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
OX furniture, pianos; no removal; money
quick; lowest interest; easy terms; no broker-
ape; reliable party. 1170 Market st.. room 68.
UPPER flat, 6 rooms, bath, storeroom; mod-
ern; 2 blocks from Clinton station; rent
reasonable. 916 Fourth ave., Oakland.
OAKLAND FLATS TO LET.
DR. LAMOTTE'S French Corn Paint, the best
corn cure: 25c; all druggists.
TO salaried people ¦without collateral or !n-
<i"ryi=r. S. F. Discount Acency. 143 Phelan bl*.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
Inflorser. WORRELL. COS Examiner building.
TOURISTS, go to the Arlington Hotel; large
sunny rooms; table unexcelled; central; 9th &
Washington, Oakland. M. W. WILLIS, Prop.
OAKLAND ROOMS AND BOARD.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL— Office and residence,
1021 Market St., between Sixth and Seventh.
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
LOVELY HOME. .
To lease for a long term to responsible
party, 40 acres of beet land, good locality in
Santa Cruz' County; only half a mile from
depot; consisting of about 25 acres of best
wine grapes and balance best fruit; apples,
cherries, plums, etc. : lovely cottage, fur-
nished, also horses, carriage, phaeton, etc.;
¦ also fine winery and cooperage for. 30,000 gal-
lons. Box S841, Call office. . - , -.
DR. WONG HIM, herb doctor, successfully
treats all diseases of the human body: see
testimonials at office. «S-ir7 Mason, nr. Ellis.
AN introduction to you from H. Schellhaas, the
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
"Mrs. S. Habermaeher and family wish to
express their heartfelt thanks and apprecia-
tion for. the kindness and sympathy tendered
In the hour of their bereavement by the
members of the San Francisco Grutll Verein,
Mount Hamilton Lodges No. 43. A. O. U. W..
friends, acquaintances and Charles H. Jacob
& Co. Slmed . .
MRS. S. HABERMACHER and Family.
H, BROWN. Rec. Sec.
Y. L. I. No. 20— Dear Sisters: There will be a
requiem mass (month's mind) for the repose
¦ of the ' soul of • our late sister. Rose Higgins,
to-morrow (Wednesday) morning, at 8 o'clock,
at St. Teresa's Church, Potrero. By order
ANNIE DEVINE. President.
ETTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, .from the parlors
of the California Undertaking Company. 405
Powell street, near Post. Interment Masonic
Cemetery. ... ¦ . ¦ : -
C7Friends and acauaintances are .respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from Pioneer Hall.
Fourth street,-, near Market. Interment Ma-
sonic Cemetery. Remains at the parlors of
• the California Undertaking Company, 405
.'Powell street, near Post.
WYATT— In this city; AdHI 22. 1901. May
Wyatt (nee Veolich), & native of San Fran-
- Cisco, aged 20 years 4 months and 14 days.
.lors of Bunker & Lunt, • 2666 Mission street,
between Twenty-second and Twenty-third.
Mission Masonic - Temz>le. Interment Laurel
Hill Cemetery. ' ¦
TENNENT— In this city, April 22, 1901. Thomas
Tennent, father of Thomas H. Tennent. a na-
tive of Philadelphia, Pa., aged 78 years 6
months and 5 days, j J - • ; -o .
GREAT BARGAINS IN TTPEWRITERS-We
• sell better machines for less money than any
house in the city; rentals,. $3. The Typewriter
Exchange. 636 California: telephone Main 266.
TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES.
DENTISTS and physicians, attention — Com-
modious offices to let; best location ; electric
elevator service. Abrahamson building, cor.
Thirteenth and Washington sts., Oakland.
NEARLY 1000 permanent cures here ln your
midst, many who have suffered 20 to SO
years; over fifty names of prominent busi-
ness men sent as reference; no chloroform,
surgery or delay from business, and no
salves for sale. Particulars, address Physi-
cian, box 1950. Call office. S. F.. Cal. '
PILES-
OAKLAND STORES TO LET.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL . ESTATE.
$1250 — SNAP; elegant new modern cottage; 4
rooms; fine location: near station and school.
A. G. BURNS & CO.. J501 Park st.
; Some Idea of what is paid Judges of the
same or lower rank, in other, cities may be
obtained from the following figures for
New York and Brooklyn: New York,
Manhattan and Bronx only— 25 Supreme
Court Justices, each $17,500; 2 Surrogates,
each, $15,000; 5 Judges of Special Sessions,
each, $12,000: 7 City Court Judges, each,
$10,000; 5 Judgesof Special Sessions, each,
$9000; 12 City Magistrates, each $7000. Bor-
ough' of Brooklyn— 12 Supreme Court Jus-
tices, each, $13,200; 2 County Judges, each.
$10,000; 1 Surrogate, $10,000. The Justices
of the Supreme Court in Brooklyn are
paid $6000 from the county and $7200" from
the State, which includes $1200 for mileage
and other expenses.
Judges' Salaries.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
U. S. ENGINEER'S. Office. Flood building,
San Francisco, Cal., April 22. 1901— Sealed
proposals for dredging. . entrance to Pearl
Harbor, Island of Oahu, Hawaiian Islands,
will be received here until 12 noon, June
24. 1901. ' Information on application. W. H.
• HETJER Lieut. Col., Engineers. . ¦
ANY person havinr use for a piano can be ac-
commodated at Sherman. Clay & Co.'s with
easiest payments, lowest prices and most re-
liable makers to choose from. Each the best
cf their grade, from Eteinway down. Privilege
piven to exchange medium and low priced
pianos for a new Steinway any time within
three years from date of purchase. Beautiful
new uprichts Fold for 16 cash and $6 per
month. We offer to sell some pood pianos at
J3. J4 and $5 per month. SHERMAN. £LAY
/feCO.. Ptelnway dealers, corner Kearny and
Futter rts. . fan Francisco ; corner Broadway
and Thirteenth st.. Oakland.
ALL uprights lowest r*"'«*s and easiest terms.
I Novella $6." 1 Hard man $S5
1 Vose SSi 1 Rcbiller $263
1 Heine baby grand 1 Gabler $134
(mahogany, like 2 Chickerings (like
new) J32r, new) *2OO
1 Fischer (like new) 2 Heines $315 up
U1S lHallet & Davis. ...$465
1 Steinway $185
And fifty others: rented and rent allowed:
rent $3 up; we hanc!e all makes; agrents for
¦om<* of the oldest a.r<i most famous pianos in
*xlFtenoe; agents varied. HEINE PIANO
WMPANY, 217 Geary st.
MUSICAL IXSTRtMEXTS.
WANTED— J29.Q00 for 3 years; real estate se-
curity; pood interest. Address box 38S7, Call.
T40.000 OF merchandise such as is used in every
h<mse to change for coin on a ca^h basis; no
such chance in town. SMITHS' CASH
STORE. 27 Market St.
4W FHARES stock In Smiths' Cash Store (a
corporation) 10 per cent guaranteed; no as-
sessments; ask for prospectus and particu-
lars if interested. 27 Market Ft.
MONEY WANTED.
GOING fast; Just 3 lots left out of the tract;
no wonder that they sell fast, only $635 each;
the cheapest lots offered in Richmond for
years; all gTaded, street work done, brick
sewers in; the Sacramento and the Jackson-
st. cable cars pass every few minutes; the
Geary and Sutter-st. lines within a few steps;
1 lot, 25x120. Sixth ave. ; 1 lot, 23x120, Seventh
ave.. near Point Lobo&; 1 lot, 25x100, A st.,
north side, between Sixth and Seventh aves.:
these lots are choice and well located and
near to town; get your home; a chance like
this never will be offered again; before the
week is out there v. ill be E0 applicants for
these 3 lots. W. J. GUNN. 530 California st.
ten-room house and lot. stable and outhousea,
198 Laidley St.. cor. Fairmont et. : lot 176x150.
Cottage of 4 rooms, 140 Laidley st. ; lot lOOx
130.
One lot, 50x121, on Palmer st., near Fairmont,
One lot. 100x100. on Laidley St.. near Mateo
street.
Sale Tuesday. April 30. at 10:30 a. m.. on the
property.
The above property must be sold regardless
of cost or value. This Is a grand chance to
buy good property at your own price.
Send for descriptive catalogue.
J. A. MUNRO & CO.. Auctioneers.
Office 240 Stockton St.. S. F.; tel. James 154L
EXECUTRIX AUCTION.
We have been instructed by the widow of
the late John P. Poole esq. to sell their grand
REAL ESTATE CITY FOK SALE.
ARSOU'TELTJhe oldest and largest house
weft of Chicapo is KOHLER & CHASE'S. 26.
18 and SO O'Farrell St.; pianos, organs and
ell other musical instruments of all grades
anJ prices: terms easy; prices lowest: every-
thing possible dene to please and satisfy the
customer.
$5700 — ELEGANT 10-room residence: sunny;
view unsurpassed; lot 60x133; beautiful yard.
. $2650— 6-room cottage; 2 blocks from U. C.
grounds. ' Apply S. .S. QUACKENBUSH,
agent, opposite First National Bank.
HOWARD-ST. BARGAIN.
North side, between Fifth and Sixth: old
improvements with nominal rents, but lot is
in good locality; owner is very anxious to
sell; price asked $1000; a reasonable offer will
be submitted. Particulars at
THOS. MAGEE & SONS,
5 Montgomery Ft.
FRUITVALE ADVERTISEMENTS
BARGAIN— Fine income property in Mission;
stores and flats; price $S500: only $3000 cash:
rents pay balance on installment. RODGER
MAGEE, 207 Montgomery st.
A CHANCE to buy a pood thing for less than
It is worth if= always desirable. We have lots
of purh rhanees just now for any one wanting
a (rood piano cheap. MATJVAIS MUSIC CO.,
769 Market st.
j:. PER month rents a beautiful piano. SCOTT-
CT'RTAZ PIANO CO.. 560 Hayes Bt.
f PIANO enaps— $60. $75, $S0. $125, $130; easy
payments: also Apollo slightly used, a bar-
rain. BENJ. CXTRTAZ Ic SON. 16 O'Farrell
$2100— FULTON st.: sunny side; between Lyon
and Central; 25x137:6; fine location for homi
or flats; must be sold. Call at 1011% Mc-
Allister St.; apply forenoons.
1117— MAHCGAN'Y cast Fischer upright. 217
Opary Ft., room 3S.
FRUITVALB REAL ESTATE.
TWO choice well-located lots in Denver, Colo.,
cost owner $900 in 1889, to exchange for lots
or small cottage in San Francisco or Oak-
land; will pay cash difference. PRATT, P.
O. box 6. Fruitvale. Cal. • ' - -
AT a barpaln— That elegantly decorated new
modern 10-room residence, 775 Cole st.; open
dally.
BARTLETT, 414—3 very pleasant newly unfur-
nished rooms; sun all day.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
$2000— NEW 6-room cottage; porcelain bath,
tiled sink, stationary tubs, fine" mantel; 1
block to station and electric cars; $100 cash,
balance $20 per month. W. C. MORAN &
CO.
$1200— S-ROOM cottage; lot 100x120; fruit trees,
berry vines, barn, chicken house, etc.; 1
block 'to cars. W. C. MORAN & CO.
$750— 3-R00M cottage; barn, chicken house,
etc.; lot 70x100; good well; $150 cash, balance
$10 per month. W. C. MORAN & CO.
$2500— 8-ROOM house; corner lot. 45x100; 2
blocks to cars; will trade for a* ranch of
equal value "or will sell; $100 down, balance
$20 per month. W. C. MORAN & CO.,
Lorin Station, or Schmidt block. Berkeley.
George Silva, 25, 111 Jackson street, and
Mamie Mattos, 18, 115B Polk street. . . v
John J Mackey, 24, 580 McAllister street,
and Nellie K. Funge, 23, 1305 Golden Gate ave.
Mickel Radovich. 24. 268 Minna street, and
Delia Kenavan. 23, 268 Minna street.
John H. Helms. 27, 23 Market street, and
Mary E. Ferguson, 29, Victoria. B. C. -
James J. King, 30, 1286 Folsom street, and
Ellen Murphy. 29, 81 Boardman place.
James T. Cossrove, 27. 1611 Tonquin street,
and Carrie Nelson. 18. 1611 Tonquin street.
The followins marriage licenses .were Issued
yesterday :
Frank H: McConnell, 25, 131 Fair Oaks street,
and Agnes Healey, 22, 201- Franklin street.
Irwin A. Rcseveare, 23, city, and Myrtle M.
Cox, 23, Oakland. • '• ' •'¦'¦¦
Walter L. Dosch, 29, Sacramento, and Vir-
ginia D. Sayre, 22, city. • . ¦¦ •
John Retzmann, 34, 731 Minna street, and
Louisa T. Weise, 18, 406 Oak street.
Joseph H. Drossel, 28. 1316 Mason street, and
Wilhelmina Rousseau, 23, 110 Ninth street.. .¦ ¦
James J. Keane, 22. 508 Twentieth street, and
Nora L. Egan, 21, 2113 Pine street.
Ralph DeholT, 18, 1119% Folsom street, and
JjuIu M. Robinson, 16, 213 Langrton street.
William R. Sherwood, 44, 1123 California
street, and Ethel E. Sanderson, 22, 412 Ash-
bury street.
Basil Cassou. 23, city, and Melina A. Trout-
tement,' 20, city. : .
Andrew J. Kapp, 42, 1929 Oak " street, and
Mary Burns, 34, 1929 Oak street.
Carl P. D. Schuir, 29, 2040 Twenty-sixth ave-
nue, and Bethenla Harper. 27, 2040 Twenty-
MAERIAGE LICENSES.
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
FOR sale— Well-constructed, modern rezidence.
8 rooms and bath, in a desirable location
near park: reasonable terms. 660 Mission st.
• : ' BAILWAY TBAVELw
Just a WUe bettw- V
than any other tram
—a little better service—
j- I ": a m ore homelike V;
feeling on the |
CALIFORNIA
LIMITED
• than you find elsewhere,
and it runs lik* this
LEAVES SAN FRANCISCO
9 an Mon Tues Wed Thur Fri Sat Sun
ARRIVES CHICAGO
2.15 pn Thur Fri Sat Sun Men Tues Wed
75 HOURS TO CHICAGO
ON THE
SANTA FE
SOUTHERN PACIFIC.'
Train* !•*«• utl »r» tin* »• »rrl«« •»*
» MAN ritANt'HCO.
I (lUin Line. Foot of Market Street)
liavx — From April 23. 1301. — ABKITS
7:3Oa Benieim, Biilauo. Elmir*. VaoaTllle,
Ramsey and haermmento T:33p
7:30a DatU, Woodland, Knight* Landing,
MarjiTiU*. Oro*III« 7:31p
7i30a Atlantic Kipresa-Ogd«n *nd But 13:23r
8:OOa Martinez, Salt lUinoii.VallsJo. 3 ftp*.
Callatogit and Kant* Itos* »i»»f
«:O(»a LiTennore, Stockton, Haufotd. Vita- /
Ha, t ortenille .(. *i**r
8:00a Nllrs. Lathrop. Merced, Tietno, B»-
ktrsfidd «iMF
S:SOa Shasta Exprris— Darts, William* (for
Bartlett Springs), Willows. Red
Blull. Portland?. 7>aS|>
¦ i!I»a Sau Jose, I.iTermorr, Stockton,
lone, .Sacramento. Flaovnlll*,
M»rj«»IHf, Chico, Ke.l Klult 4i2Sr
9:3Oa Oakdalr. Chinese (Ycsemite), 8a-
. . v , nora, Catteri 4i23r
" »:OOa Haywarda. Mleaand Waj Station*. I1<33.A
UsttVA Los Angeles Express — Martinei.
Tracy, L*throp, HtocktOD, Slewed
Freniio »nd Lc» Anceles 7:33a.
»::ioa YalMit. Martinez ami Way SUtlom D:S3>
' IOsOOA. Tim UTerUml Limited— Ogden, Don-
w. Omaha. Chicago CitSr
- flsOOr Sacramento l!liei Hta»iii«n fSiOWA,
J-.n»r Harvard*. Ml<-« <u,<l War Hutl">u. 7i53r
3:3o if FortCosto, Martlntx L*Uirop, Mer-
ced : Btreoda (Yosemii e), tfmoo.. T:23»
4iO«r IJtinicla, Winters. ftaeraroeuto,
WomllanA, KnixliU ¦Landing.
Maryn'iU*. Oio*lll« IU:S3a
4:0(1 e Marttnex. Hail lUruoit, Tallejo,
Napn. ( .'*IInti>K». Hun la Ko«» » '»•"« A
4:00p Nile', Lhermore, Stccktan. Lodl... 10:53*
4i»<»r Haywaida, Mies 8a.t>.)u»e,Lrnrmoro |S:S3a
SiOOr Tha Owl Limited— Tracy. Stockton, '
Freauo, Jlnkersflalit. Haugua tot
Santa Barbara, Lua Aiigwles ...... SiSSA
OiOOp Hay wanifl, Mies and Han Jose 7i33 »
t«:O«r Vallejo «.. I 1:03a.
«iO»i- Oriental Mall-Ogilen, Cheyenne.
Oroalia. CbUngo la:»3»
0:OOp Oriental Mall— Ogden, Denier.
Ornaua, Chicago...... 4:83r
7iOOr Oregon and Uallfornla ISi|>reM,Nao.
ruiiitmtn. MarjRvllIe. KnMliitf,
rortl.ii.il, 1'nget Mound ami Kaik »:SS*.
SiO3 P San Fub'o. F»rt Costa. Martinez
and Way titatious lii.M*.
tWiO.tpVall.-J.. 7«3.-Vr
COAST LINE (Narrow ««B R e).
(Foot of Market Street.)
t?:«-?A Santa Ciuz Kxcuraon to danta Ciuz
and Priiic pal Way Stations }S>O3»
•»1Sa Newark. C«nt«r»ille,Haii.Ios»,F'<>lton,
lionlder Creek.SanU Crux and Way / ¦" •
SUUuiia 3' 3<> »
|3iI5j? Newark. Cenlemlle, San Joie, New
Almatlau. Feltoii. lloiilder Creek,
Santa Crits and l'rincipal VV»j
Stations 11-tSWA
4>ISp Newark, Sau Jose. Lot Gatoa j 110:30a
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rr.mSttt FRtRCUCO— rwt at K.rk.t StrMt (Slip S>—
t7:lS 8:C0 11:00a.m. 1:00 3:00 6:18iM*.
rrraOHUlD— f«t at Bt«i««j.— 1«;00 ttS:OO< t3:C»
1U:C0a.m. 12:03 2:00 4:03 l-.M.
COAST LilXE (»roa.l <Ja«a;e).
(Thlr.l ¦.!¦<! Tow n»ena Sta.)
U:l<>4 Houtli •"•*" JfrancUos l'aio Alto.... «:.'H»P
i615\ Hmi JnaeaiMl W»y KtaUnlw.. ...... »'8«F
17:»ttA Sunday Excursion for San Jcie,
Hsita Iru*. r»dHe Giora and
Piicdpal Way Station* {8:3O»
7:30a Coast LiueLimited, Ban Jose. OilroT.
S> li>.*s, l"»io Kobles, San Luis .
Oblipo, Lnmpoo, 8ant» lWbira,
Los Angeles /••• 10553*
»iO«a Hun Jon. Trea riiion. Hunt* Crux.
rnniilc «4r»>e. Ifallnaa Ban Lni*
Ob'spo and rrincipal in termedi.te
MUti..n« 4lIOp
IOCIOa SinJitttnd Wiy StoiioM J 2" F
/l»:Si>A N«» Aluiailen ' ?'?**
I IiUOa Man .loea au.l U'»y MUitinns 3i JOr
12t'l!kF.Saii .Mateo, Keilwcori, Meulo Park,
Palo Alto. .Santa Clara, 8an. lose,
Tre« Pinos, SauU Cmx, Salinas.
Monterey and 1'aclHo Grote (|0i43a
l!3Sr Han Jos« and Way Stations 6::U>A
44:I3p San Jose an.l rrincipal Way SUtioua «:-l*i
43:U«r San Joao, Los Gatos and Priocipat
Way Stations
SiSOp Pan .lone ami Principal Way .Stations S;3t>A
6:I5p New Orleans Expreta, 8s n Joe«,
S*nt» Barbara. Los Angeles. D»m-
inn El Paso, New Orlearjn and East 7>I0a
¦j 6:13y Del Monte. Monterey. Padfle Giore.
1 Loapoo ••«B3r
' 8:S0pS»;i Jose and Way Stations 'S 1 .!!^
qll;45p San Jose ami Way 8tatlous 7*SI»T
A for Morning. , 1* »<w Afternoon,
t HunrJay excepted. J Snndai only. _.
% Saturday only. J Tnesrlavs and ( Trldayl* .
CALIFORMI HORTHIESTERH RY. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon Ferry, Foot of Market St.
San Francisco to San Rafael*
WEEK DAYS~7:30. 9:00. 11:00 a. m.: 12:33, 3:30.
5:10.. 6:30 p. m. Thursdays^ — Extra trip at ll:3f>
p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:50 and
11:30 r>. m.
SUXDATS — 3:00, 9:30. 11:00 a. m.;- 1:30. 3:30.
S:0O, 6:20 p. m.
. San Rafael to flam Franelie*
WEEK DAYS— 6:10. 7:50, 9:20. 11:10 a. m.: U:«.
3:40. 5:10 p. m. Saturday*— Extra trips at l:9»
SUN d DAYS^8°6. 9:40, 11:10 a. m.; l:*0. »:«>.
Between* San Francisco and Schuetien Park.
same schedule as above. '
Leave J In Effect I Arrive
San Francisco. [April 15. 1901. 1 San Franclaco.
Week I Sun- j I Sun- I Week
Days. I daya. 1 Pestlnatlon. I day% I Days.
7:30 am 8:00 am Novato. 10:40 am S :40 am
3:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma. 1:05 pm 10:23 am
5:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa. Rosa. 7:35 pm »:ZZ pm
Fulton.
7-30 am Windsor. 10:» »m
Healdsburg.
Lytton.
Geyserville.
3:M pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:35 pm E:3 pm
7-30 amf I Hopland I ilO:25 am
S:30 pm| 8:00 ami and Ulclah. ( 7:35 pmt 8:22 pm
7:30 ami I j _,„ 1 . _ ¦ 1° : » * m
| 8:00 ami Guernevllle. I 7:33 pm
3:30 ph»l I ' '=22 P m
7-30 am 8:00 am] Sonoma I 9:15 am 8:40 am
¦ - • • - I • ¦ ¦ and .-
5:10 pm 5:00 pm| Glen Ellen. 8:05 pm 8:22 pm
7-30 ami 8:00 am! 110:40 am|10:25 am
3:30 pmt 5:00 pm I Sebastopol. I 7:35 pm I 6:22 pm
Stag-^s connect at Santa Rosa for Mark
West Springs and White Sulphur Springs: at
Lytton for Lytton Springs: at Geyserville for
Skasgs Springs ; at Cloverdale for the Gey-
¦er»; at Hopland for Duncan Springs. High-
land Springs. Kelseyville. Carlsbad Springs.
Soda Bay. LakeDort and Bartlett Springs; at
Uklab for Vichy Springs. Saratoga Springs,
Blue Lakes, laurel Dell Lake. Witter Springs.
Upper Lake. Pomo. Potter Valley, John Day's.
Riverside. Llerley^s. BuckneH's. : Sanhwirin
Heights. Hullville. Orr's Hot Springs. Mendocino
City. Fort Braioc. Westport. Usal. WlUetts.
Laytonville. Cummlnga. Bell's Springs. Harris.
Olsens. Dyer, Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced . rates.
On Sunday*, 'round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket ofilce, 650 Market St.. Chronicle bulld-
ln S . - K. X. RYAN.
H. C. WHITING. Gen. Pass. Agt.
General Manager. ] •
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
Via. «! J 'i<»'iT« Ferry— Foot of Market St. '
lv. sam max. M.iMnta
0:15 a.m.") wirnt 11ATS fcOOF.iC
4:00 p. M.) Stay over niga tat the TAVuix no:i"> a.m.
S:(iOa. M.I .- I L-Wf.M.
l!::»A.ir.f : Sl.NDAYS. 4^r.a.
1:15P.M.) . I 5:35 P.M.
l-'are. San Francisco to Summit and Return. Jt.40. .
' Ticket Offices. 621 Market bt., & Sausalito Kerry.
fffiiy Gall $1.00 "waftiir
PMALL Chiekering upright $125: 6 uprights.
fiecond hand, your choice at $1SO. 217 Geary.
RECEPTION week rA Byron Mauzy's piano
warerooms and factory; concerts daily; vis-
itors wclfomf; no charge. 308 Post st.
A FMALL Chickering upright. $125; 6 uprights,
wcond -handed; your choice at $110. 217 Geary.
IF yon have lots to sell north of the Park,
then call on W. J. GUNN. 530 California st.
BIRCH ave., 617V4— 3 housekeeping rooms.
ELLIS, 621— Front room furnished for house-
keeping; gas stove; $10. ¦j^V- [
FOLSOM, S30— Nice 'front furnished room for
housekeeping; also others'.
FOR the best located lots in Richmond and the
cheapest call on W. J. Gunn. 530 California.
MODERN cottages and flats built; reasonable;
plans furnished. Salsbury, builder. 1333 Market.
AT WILSON'S Storace. 1706 Market Et., you
can get storage pianos almost for a song.
SPECIAL sale of pianos this week: Steinway,
Knabe and ethers. BRUENN. 208 Post St.
ELEGANT 3-pedal upright piano; used 6 mos.;
must be pacraficed ln 6 days. €18 Eddy st.
J4K VPRIGHT. $125 Knabe, J135 Steinway &
Sons, at FAY'S piano factory. 1729 Mission.
REAL ESTATE— COUNTRV For Sal»
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 622 — Sunny bay-window
suite, 3 rooms, nicely furnished ; gas. bath.
GEARY, 729, rear— 3 clean unfurnished sunny
housekeeping rooms; yard.
HAIGHT. 222—2 nicely appointed housekeeping
rooms for couple; telephone; references.
$1200—160 ACRES, Monterey Co. ; 50 acres ln
peaches, cherries, apricots and grain; good
house; mower, rake and farming utensils; a
map; must be sold. Apply A. M. SPECK &
CO., 667 Market st, ..
.' BORN.
4VERSEN— In this city, April 18, 1901, to the
wife of L. F. Iversan, a son.
TAIT— In. this city. April 19, 1901, to the wife
of. John Tait, a son. •.- , ¦
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
ln at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BIRTHS— MABRIAGES— DEATHS.
HIGH-GRADE piano* : Steck. Hartman. Con-
over and others. -Wiley B. Allen Co.. 314 Post.
BIGGEST bargain ln Fisher upright piano;
nearly new: must be sold. 301 Jones st.
LIBERTY. 129—3 or more elegantly, completely
' furnished housekeeping rooms; ¦ gas stove;
use of piano; phone; pleasant surroundings.-
HYDE, 40S — Sunny front basement suite of 2 or
3 rooms; $16 to $20; also single, $6. ; r
BUY In Napa County; no droughts, no Irriga-
tion, no failure of crops; write us for free
copy "Napa County Vlticulturlit." The" W.
A. MACKINDER CO.. St. Helena. Cal.
N ATOM A. - 701 — Sunny housekeeping rooms;
man and wife; rent reasonable.
SIXTH. 242—2 or more rooms, suitable for
housekeeping; other rooms without; reason-
able.
OAK. 125—2 nicely furnished rooms for house-
keeping; gas, bath; ?16. |
OFFICES AND STORES TO LET.
A— McALLISTER. 232— Brand-new and roomy
plate-class window; low rent.
POST, 951— Front and back, parlor, furnished
for housekeeping.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
BALSSA-SMITH— In this city, April 20, 1901,
-by the Rev.- -F. Bonn, Frank Balssa -of San
Francisco and Mamie A.- Smith of Oakland.
GRUBB— ANDREW'S— In this city, April 20,
1901. by the Rev. Eugene H. A very, D.D.,
Joseph R. Grubb and Emily M. Andrews,
both of San : Francisco. •
MACY— EINFELDT— In this' city, April 21.
1901, at Central . Methodist Church, by the
Rev.' S. D. Hutslnptller, Lewis D. Macy of
Carters, . Tuolumne County, I Cal., and Mrs.
. Marie E. Einfeldt of_.San Francisco.
SCOTT— ANDE.RSON— In this city, Aoril 22,
1901, at Central Methodist Episcopal Church,
¦by the Rev. S. D. HutslnDlller, Samuel H.
i Scott of San Francisco and Matie M. Ander-
son of Crockett, Contra Costa County, Cal.
MARRIED.
ROOMS TO LET — -Porn, anil Ilnfnrn.
AHLBORN HOTEL. 321 Grant ave.— Best dol-
lar a day family hotel in city; polite attend-
ance; large rooms; modern conveniences;
rooms 50c up; first-class meals 23c; free coach.
A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE. 14S Sixth— Rooms.
25c to $1 per night; $1 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night. I
BURNETT. 1426 Market (old No.. 1364)— Fur-
nished rms., suites, single; also unfurnished.
CLARA, 34 — Large sunny front room, furnished;
. also email room; private family.
THE W. R. THOMAS CO.— Oil Lands ln the
best districts; Investigate; Fearless Oil and
Water Co.; a good Investment; water trans-
portation. 409 Examiner big., 464 9th, Oakland.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
furnished- sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
JOSEPH B. TOPLITZ. 330 Pine Bt.
MEMBER PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Country Correspondence Solicited.
EDDY, 473 — Front room; neat, newly furnished;
$7 per month.
ELDER. Room-renting Bureau, 22 Kearny st.—
Tel. Red 2334; rooms furnistted or unfurnished.
OIL tanks, second-hand, ln good order; all
*\T.+*: rheaTi. TT P. WWrTTP R1« \ru«1nri nt.
ELLIS. 725— Sunny back . room; ¦ quiet . German
family; $5 per month; gentlemen only.
OIL LANDS.
PAIXTERS AND DECORATORS.
¦WALL paper, window ehades: rooms papered,
$8 up. Jensen & Bath, 308 Sixth: open even.
ROOMS papered from $S up; city or country.
Hartrr.an Paint Co.. 319 3d st. ; tel. Red 332L
MINNA. 667, corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room; $1 per week; transient.
MASON, 217— Front sunny suite, elegantly fur-
' nfshed; running water; piano.
LARKIN. S04— Large sunny front room nicely
. furnished; 1 or 2 persons; $11.
HARRISON, 856V4— Fine room to rent to gentle-
man by a German lady.
NEW ARLINGTON, 1015 Market st.— Nicely
. furnished rooms. $2 a week up; 35c a day up.
ROSEDALE House. 319-321 Ellis st.— Rooms
night, 25c to $1; week, $1 25 to $4; open night.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful.
Pro n OAMPRPT.I, T^Trv»r Rxamliipr blr.
PATEXTS AXD PEXSIOXS.
SILVER, 127B, near Third and Harrison— Sun-
ny furnished rooms in private family; reas-
onable; bath.
THE Oxford, 271 O'Farrell— Suites and single
rooms from $3 up. . .
VAN NESS. 030 ...:.....
Bachelors' ¦ apartments; elegantly furnished;
all south rooms; references.
UNION, 1033 — Furnished rooms to rent!
CALIFORNIA. 222S— Sunny rooms, with board;
private family.
AT summer rates: attractive rooms; special
table; wine dinners. S07 California st.
ROOMS AND BOARD.*
LEAVEXWORTH. 1403 — Large sunny room,
overlooking harbor; handsome grounds; excel-
lent board; references.. ¦ .
ROOMS WANTED.
WANTED— 2' or "3 unfurnished .housekeeping
rooms for 2 adults in Western Addition. Box
, 3S76, Call office. '
WANTED— Large unfurnished room. Box 4011
Call office. .;-¦'<-' - : '
(Successor to Flannagan '& Gallagher.)
DANIEL , P. DONOVAN. , Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS,
20 Fifth st.; opposite Lincoln School.
;,_.. •;•-.;. Telephone South 80. -
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
LADIES — Chichester English , Pennyroyal Pills
are the best: safe, reliable; take no other-
Bend 4c . stamDS for particulars; -"Relief for
Ladies" in letter by return mall:, at. drue-
glsts. Chichester Chemical Co.. PhiladaL. Pa. '
SPECIAL XOTICES.
BAD tenants ejected Icr J4; collections -made;
city or ppuntry. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO.,
: 415 Montgomery et., rooms 9-19; tel. -53S0.\ ;.
?£2. r ,0 EACH— Two new 5 rooms and bath cot-
tages on West St.. nr. 2Sth; can be purchased
on easy payments; lots 2Sxl40 each; must be
'F<-en to be appreciated. Call or address A. J.
SKYDER. 407 Otb st, Oakland, Cal.
t-^HOOi- to learn hairdresslng. hair work. n:an-
lS£2?£! V^ va -V° lemons or class. MIPS A. V.
*>°\ LE, 1.04 Market, bet. Polk and Van Ness
WHITE enamel iron beds. Finjr'.e. three-quarter
™ r*S*te«?5: EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO,. 1210-l->ia Stockton st.. near Broadway.
PRIVATE detective work: reasonable rates; 10
vears' exr.cric-r.ee. J. D. P.AY, 257 Jessie st.
E « E PT R A°'rL i f ll , t ln < * very room— Winchester
I- . t, rl rd Ft - near Market: 703 rooms;
~>c to Jl M vrr nisht; $1 50 to $(! per week;
free ivjs and bajgage to and from the ferry
tKU'EiEiM^T-ftdfr to order from . genuine
Bcotch. $u up; fine dress suits. $20 up; ele-
cant .overcoats. |U up. LEON LEMOS. 1117
Market e'... bettypen Seventh and Eighth.
CIGARETTE end tobacco habit cured jt
i.eme: $.,; valuable information for liquor.
«-°TMMwc Cpinn ' " n dra * habits. MRS.
MILLIAMS. 1S2S p o i k 6t .. San Francisco.
V ANTLD— Those having cancer or turru.r to
wnte for free bock on home treatment of
this disease by absorption; no pain. =o ptea-
ter. C. A. MASON. M. D.. Chatham. N. Y.
A— IF your hair is faliisg or you are bald, call
on DR. G. S. MOORE. 4SS Geary st.. and you
w;a not be disappointed: this remedy is posi-
tively guaranteed: preparation sent to all
parts of the world; eeO or send for circular.
THE Microbane Medical Co., removed to 411
Geary et.. where they give you free treat-
ment for bald heads, falling hair and dan-
druff: Microbane Hair Grower cures all cases;
we also remove supeilluous hair; call and Bee
us. Microbane Medio&l Co.. 411 Geary st.
STOP trying to blister your freckles off with
lotions; they'll come right back; call and get
our absorption treatment; use it; if your
freckles return pay nothing. N. Y. Institute
of IVrmatology, Glasgow building. 105 Ellis
A NEW and harmless discovery, a simple clay,
which will turn white hair black, brown,
auburn or red, and blonde hair a rich golden,
in from four to twelve hours, according to
shade required. DR. FRANCIS C. SHER-
MAN, 4C6 Sutler st.
PERSONALS.
POST, 631— Pleasant front room ; would suit
young lady; very quiet family; Protestant
preferred.
POST. 527 — Large sunny front room, reasonable;
small sunny, closet, $125 week; private fam-
ily.
O'FARRELL, 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; elec. lights; day. week, mo.
II. JEROME FOSSELLL ccientlfle palmist, 515
Taylor *t.. bet. G*>ary and Post: tel. Black 561.
PARTSERS WANTED. / "
WANTED — Doctor as partner on new discov-
ery. Box 3SS3. Call office.
PALMISTRY.
75.000 ACRES oil land In various counties for
lesFo «n<1 f=al* TWnrx.«ON. 36 Geary st.. r. 6.
OIL lands for sale or lease ln all parts of the
State. We can furnish you with lands In the
best localities. If you are looking for lands
or wish to invest in stocks of the leading oil
companies call on us before going elsewhere.
SHEA & PETERSON. 301 Examiner building.
Write'for maps. Call and be shown properties.
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO
Salesroom 460 and 462 8th St.. Oakland. '
FRUITVALE STA. LOT— $50 cash. $5 mo. ;
P. s. Washington. 100 feet E. Brandon st. ; 23x
125:1 homes adjoining; 3 blocks of station
TWENTY-THIRD AVE. STA. LOT-$25 cash.
$5 mo. : N. side E. Ninth st., 225 E. of 2Sth
ave.; 2r>xlO0. - ¦ -, ,
ELMHURST COTTAGE— $150 cash. $12 50
mo.; First ave.. nr. Orchard; 1 block electric
cars; rower-houses; modern; bay-window; 5
rooms: bath; tarn; E0xl50.
ELMHURST COTTAGE-$150 cash. $12 50
mo.: Third St., nr. Jones ¦ ave. ; new ; bay-win-
dow; 6 rooms: bath: 40x125; -cement walks.
ELMHURST LOT— $25 cash; J5 mo.: SW.
cor. Orchard and Third ave.: Stone Tct.: uOx
140- 3 blocks cars; powerhouse.
'remember date. ¦
saturday, may 4. at 5 p. m. ¦ • •--i
E. O. CORNER LOT— $30 cash. $5 mo. ; NE.
cor. ICth ave. and E 17th st.; 42x90; near 23d-
ave. rta. : adjoins nice improvements.
TWENTY-THIRD AVE. STA. COTTAGE—
$150 cash, $15 mo.; 641 Kennedy st.; sta. 1
block; bay-window;' 6 rooms; bath; brick foun-
dation; macadamized: splendid home.
STORE AND FLAT— $200 cash. $15 moi ; 1570
and 1572 21st ave. ; E. 21st St. cars half block;
modern; double bay-window, 2-story; shelving,
fixtures; fiat 5 rooms; bath; mantel ; street
macadamized: 27:6x125; see this.
EAST OAKLAND COTTAGE— $100 cash; $10
mo.: 1007 E. 23d St., nr. 21st. ave.; plain 3-
room cottage: good order; elevated; 50x140;
good neighborhood.
EAST OAKLAND COTTAGE— $125 cash:
$12 50 ma; 1004. E. C2d St., nr. 21st ave.; cozy
bay-window; 4 rooms; basement; brick foun-
dation: 25x140: sightly: near cars, school.
TWENTY-THIRD-AVE. COTTAGE — $250
cash, $25 mo.; 1127 E. 20th st. ; 23d-ave. elec-
tric cars; modern; 7 rooms; bath; fine order;
beautiful view; near station, churches, schools;
lot 75x150.
EAST OAKLAND COTTAGE— $150 cash, $15
mo.; S57 E. 21st St., nr. 19th ave.; bay window;
5 rooms; bath; lot 50x140; newly painted; fronts
electric cars: street macadamized.
CHOICE CENTRAL EAST OAKLAND
HOME— $300 cash, $30 ma ; 1380 13th ave.. cor.
E. 18th st.; near station; fine 2-story modern;
9 rooms; 2 toilets; 3 mirror mantels; fine fur-
nace; fine gas fixtures; choice neighborhood;
first-class condition: extra built.
ALAMEDA COTTAGE— $150 cash. $15 mo. ;
1913 Broadway; 5 blocks of Park-st. local train;
cozy: 6 rooms, bath; 50x123; shrubbery; street
complete: nice order.
NORTH OAKLAND LOTS— $50 cash, $5 mo.;
S. s. 4Sd St., 90 ft. W, of Market; 2 lots, each
50x100; near electric cars and new ferry.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1113 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATEjl
AT AUCTION,
AT AUCTION. A
AT AUCTION.
AT AUCTION.
AT AUCTION,
Bank Properties,
SATURDAY, MAY 4,
2 p. m.. at office.
YOUR RENT WILL BUY
A HOME.
Payments Include principal and Interest.
A clean-up at your Price.
At less than houses cost.
BERKELEY HOME— $200 cash. $20 mo.; 3025
Ellis st.. nr. Prince; bet. Lorln and Ashby sta-
tions; modern 2-story Colonial 7-room cottage;
bath; 2 mantels; fine order; lot 42x100; street
complete. •: .
GOLDEN GATE OR LORIN-STA COT-
TAGE— $150 cash, $15 mo.: 1031 Sixty-third or
Felton St.; 2 blocks San Pablo-ave. cars; bay
window; 5 rooms; bath; brick foundation; base-
ment; nipe order: 50x162. v
LORIN STATION LOTS— $50 cash, $5 per ma ;
N. s. 62d or Crawford st., 2 blocks east San
Pablo ave.; 2 lots, each 50xl6S.
GOLDEN GATE COTTAGE— $150 cash. $15
mo.; 53d or Mattie ave.; 2 blocks San Pablo.
cars: 6 rooms; bath; mantel; brick foundation;
stable; 40kl09; newly painted;, choice neighbor-
hood. , -,
WEST BERKELEY LOT— $25 cash. $5 mo. ;
S. s. Carrison. 291 E. San Pablo; 33x126.
TO get rich quick and easy buy undeveloped
oil land* in the heart of Coallnga district:
only Jl 25 per acre to-day; perhaps $10,000
within a year. American Exploration Co.,
1413 Call building.
FOR SALE— In Ross Valley, 7 minutes' walk
from San Anselmo station, an attractive
home, having 10 rooms and bath; lot 50x200;
well cultivated. For particulars Inquire of
J. I. TAYLOR, 404 Sansome St. (
WHY do we sell so much of our 5-cent oil
Ftock? Because it is reliable and offers extra-
ordinary chances for quick and sure profit;
for prospectus or. better still, see us:
«f>»n evenings. PACIFIC STATES MINING
CKd INVESTMENT CO.. 326 Post St.; estab-
lished JSS3.
ROSS VALLEY REAL ESTATE.
ST;PKRIon violins, il'hers. old and new. H.
MTTLLER. maker, repairer. I Latham place.
POULTRY and dairy ranches for sale; write for
free list. C. R. WINFIELD, Petaluma. Cal.
NEW house, with 1V4 acres of land for sale.
N. BUCKLEY. P. O. box 174, Petaluma, Cal,
WRITE J. W. HORN. 812 Main. Petaluma. for
free copy of Sonoma Co. real estate bargains.
AT KEEFFE'S. 933 Market rt.. 4 elegant up-
riRhts at your own price. Shoninger agency.
MARION GRIFFIN. Real Estate Agent. 719
Market st.. by Call bldg.— Free circulars de-
scribing farms for sale all over this State.
A NEARLY new grand uprieht cheap: brilliant,
poweiful tones. HORNUNG. 216 McAllister.
BARGAIN— Must be Fold; nice upright piano.
PCHMITZ. 16 McAllister, next Hibernla Bank.
Eugene McGinn. McGINN BROS. I
.. i Funeral Directors and* Embalmers, .•¦"}* I
¦¦¦ . 31 EDDY STREET. I
Telephone South 252." ¦¦:- .-; --.: San- Francisco. 1 ' I
'¦^No Connection With Any Other House. '..I
WEBSTER, 711—4 or 5 large sunny rooms,
furnished or unfurnished; every convenienice.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth st
near Market— Furnished or unfurnished.
ROYAL House, .126 Ellis — Incandescent light;
reading-room, smoking room and ladles' par-
lor; rooms, per night. 35c to $1 50; week, $2 to
$8;. month, $8 to $30: elevator on ground floor;
rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
GRAND SOUTHERN, southeast corner Seventh
and Mission sts. — Sunny rooms, en suite "or
single; ladies'- parlor; readlng-rocm; elevator.
GEARY, 1137— Newly furnished rooms; hot and
cold water; bath and phone.'
ANDRES— In this 1 city, 'April 21, 1901, Chris-
tian Andres," a native of Baden. Germany,
aged 56 yeahs. A member of Court Inter Nos
No. 18, F. of A.
[CTFrlends and acquaintances are. respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this, day
, (Tuesday), at 9 o'clock, from the funeral par-
lors of Porter & White, 122 Eddy street.
Funeral under the auspices of Court Inter
Nos No.' IS, F. of A. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery. • ." :¦ /
ARNOLD— In this city, April 21. 1901; Vivian
Cyrus-'Araold, -only- child, of C. M. and Annie
Arnold, a native of San Francisco, aged 18
years 5 months and 20 days.
¦ - EJTriends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral services this day (Tues-
day) at 2 o'clock, at the residence of his
parents, 1011 Haight street. . Interment pri-
vate. ¦ . • , : . ' \ ¦¦'.¦¦•¦
BOWRON— In this City, April 22, 1901/ Lizzie,
beloved daughter of M. J. and Hattie Bow-
ron and sister of John, Robert and Hattie
Bcwron of Marshfleld, Or., a native of. In-
diana, ared 27 years. .
BOWMAN— In the City and County ¦ Hospital,
April 22. 1901, Ray Bowman, a native of In-
diana, ared 27 years. •'
BRANDT— In this city, April 21, 1901, Erlck
A. Brandt, a native of. Sweden, aged. 70 years
9 months and 15 days. - . ...
tC7"The funeral will take place this day
. (Tuesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
', dence, 1622 Bush street, thence to St. Mary's
Cathedral, where a solemn requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 10 o'clock. Interment private.
Please omit flowers.' . - ¦
BRUKER— In this city, April 20, 1901, Francis
G Bruker, beloved ' husband of , May F.
Bruker, and father of Frankie H. and Rob-
ert E. Bruker, a native of Crosswicks, N.
J., aged 35 years and 7 months. (New Jersey
papers please copy.) :. . "¦-¦¦¦'
(E^Frlends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral this,. day (Tuesday), at 1
o'clock, from the residence of M. T. Walker,
112 Scott street. -Interment Mount Olivet
Cemetery. ¦ ¦ » ¦'" .
CRAIG— In this city, April 20, 1901, John, be-
loved son of the late Mr. and Mrs. Warren
Craig and- brother of Lucia M.. Craig, and
nephew of Anne C. Craig, a native of Cali-
¦fornia. aged 34 years. •
GTThe runeral will take place this day
(Tuesday), at 10 o'clock, from St.' Stephen's
Episcopal Church, Fulton street; near Fill-
more. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
CRONIN— In this city, ¦ April 22, 1901, Nellie.
beloved daughter 'of LoCisa and the late
Harry Cronin. and sister of Frank, Harry,
Mabel andAlford Cronin. a native of Mia-
•sourl, aged 12 years 8 months and 22 days. :
D'AGOSTINE^-In this _ city. . April 21, v 1901,
•Mansueto d'Anostine," dearly beloved . hus-
band of Gussie d'Aeostine, and father of
Fred and Louie, d' Agostlne and . Mrs. A.
-Bettl a native of Switzerland, aged 66 years.
¦•¦ (c? Friends and ¦ acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow,
(Wednesday), at 1 o'clock, from his late resi-
• dence 1816 Stockton street, thence to the hall
of the Ancient' Order United Druids, . Grove
No. 37, 423 Broadway. Interment Laurel Hill
Cemetery. ". .
HANSEN— In thi» city, April 20, 1901. Louis
J II? nsen, beloved ' husband of Margaret
liansen, father of Harry and Louis Hansen,
and brother of 'Mrs. J. G.* North, a native -of
Crair, John Miler, Walter H.
Cronin, Nellie Millbach, Adeline
D'Agostine. Mansueto Molloy, Catherine -
Hansen, Louis J. Neurass. Lina
Higgins. Rose Paltenghl, Andrew
Hume, Joseph Pernaveau. Lee
Keane. Patrick Reid, Margaret
Krausch, Katherine Sainsot, Vlctonne
Lammers. Johanna T. Schmitz. Georse
Lammers (Infant) Simpson,- Martha A.
Lienard. Marie - ' Steinhasen. Paul
Lucey, Lezzetta Tennent. Thomas
Lundgren, Charles G. Wyatt, May
McCaffrey, Catherine'
Andres, Christian McClanahan, Absa-
Arnold, Vivian C. lom '
Bowman, Ray McCurdy, David |
Bowron, Lizzie . McKIernan, Daniel
Brandt, Erick A. Maschendorf. : Died-
Bruker, Francis G. rich
DIED.
PROPOSALS -FOR: DRAYAGE— General Depot
of the Quartermaster's • Department, San
Francisco, Cal., April 22, 1901— Sealed propo-
sals for the hauling of military stores and
. supplies in and about the city of San Fran-
cisco, Cal., for the fiscal year commencing
July 1, 1901, will be received at this office
until 11 o'clock a. m.j on Thursday, the 23d
day of May, 1901, and then opened.: The
Government reserves the right to reject any
or all proposals. All necessary information
will be furnished on application to this of-
fice. Envelopes containing proposals should
be indorsed "Proposals for Drayage'' and
addressed to OSC AR ' F. LONG. Major and
Quartermaster, U. S. Army, Depot Quar-
¦ termaster. • -
PROPOSALS.
K (CyFriends and acquaintances are -respect-
fully Invited .to attend the funeral this,; day
(Tuesday), at 3 o'clock, from the funeral par-
ETTriends and acquaintances are respect-
" fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at- 2:30 o'clock, from 240V- Har-
riet street, between Harrison and Bryant.
Interment" Masonic Cemetery., : • -
SCHMITZ— In this city. April 22. 1901, George
Schmitz, dearly - beloved husband of - May
' Schmitz, . and beloved father of George Jr.
> and Melvln ¦ Sehmitz. a native of Joliet, 111.,
'aged 34 years 3 months and- 12 days.: A mem-
ber of Verein Eintracht and Molders' Union
No. 164." (Joliet, 111.,; papers please copy.) <
E^Friends and acquaintances are raspect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday),. at 1 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence,". 62 Morris avenue, - between Fifth and
Sixth,' Eryant • and Harrison streets, thence
to Verein Eintracht Hall. Twelfth street, be-
¦ tween Folsom -. and Howard, where ' funeral
' ; sf rvices will be held under the ausDices of
.Verein Eintracht. • Interment Cypress Lawn
¦ .Cemetery.- • - - ¦
SIMPSON— In . Oakland, April 22. 1901. Martha
. A.," wife of F. Simpson, beloved '.mother
of Mrs. M. T. Burnham,. and grandmother of
- Florence . and Helen Burnham. a native of
New Btdford, Mass., aged £3 years 11 months
and 28 days. .-•; • • . .
STEINHAGEN— In this, city, April -21, 1901,
' Paul : Steinhagen, ' a native of Mecklenburg.
German}',, aged 52 .years. . ' . ¦¦:'
• C7"Frlends.and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 12:15 o'clock, from the fu-
, neral parlors of Charles H. Jacob & Co., 318
Mason street, between O'Farrell and Geary,
thence to Masonic -Temple, corner Post and
Montgomery streets, where ssrviees will be
held under the auspices of Speranza Lodge
• No. ' 219, V. and- A." M., commencing at 1
¦. o'clock. Interment Masonic Cemetery.
PEHNAVEAU— In this city,- April 21. 1901, Lee.
beloved husband of Belle Pernaveau, and
•father of Lester Pernaveau, . a native of St.-
Louis, Mo., aged' 47 years 9 months and 2
,-.days. ' \ ¦¦ ¦ ' ' ¦. . - % - : ¦ .
REID^-ln this city, April 19.. 1901, Margaret,
wife of Felix Reid, daughter of the late
James and Mary; Walsh, and sister of Frank
andHarry Walsh, : a native of Massachusetts.
tnyFriends and acquaintances are" respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 10:45 o'clock, from- the parlors
of J. C. O'Connor & Co., 767- Mission street,
thence to St. Patrick's : Church for services
. at 11 o'clock. « Interment St. Mary's Cerae-
¦ tery, - Oakland. * . •.- ¦ . „ ;
SAINSOT— In this city, April 21, 1901, Victor-
ine, beloved I daughter of . Rudolph and Vic-
toria Sainsot, sister of Robert," Annie, Josie,
Raymond and May. Sainsot, ; and granddaugh-
'ter of Annie Sainsot, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 1 year and 17 days.,
• ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend . the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, . from her late resi-
dence, ; 2293 Franklin street. Interment pri-
vate, at Home of Pdaee Cemetery, by train
leaving Third and Townsend streets at 3:30
o'clock. , ¦ . - » ¦ ' - . -.'
PALTENGHI— In this city, April 21," 1901, An-
. drew Paltenghl, beloved . husband of the late
Fannie Paltenghl, and father of Mrs. A E
Julllerat, Mrs. J. E. Carter, Mrs. A. E.
Ulrich and . Louis Paltenghi,, a native of
Lugano, Canton Ticino, Switzerland, aged 77
: years and 2 months.- i ..
O*The funeral . will take place j this day
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
. dence, 213 Fulton street, thence to St. Mary's
Cathedral, where a requiem mass will be
celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
• mencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Mount Cal-
vary Cemetery.. . ... . . .
NFUGASS- In this city, April 21. 1901, Lina
..Neugass,- beloved mother of M. S. Neugass
and Mrs.- J. Greenberr, a native of Russia,
aged 71 years and 9 days.
. {C? The' ." funeral 'services will be held
to-morrow (Wednesday), at 1 o'clock, at the
j parlors of Halsted & Co. K 946 Mission street,
under the auspices of Templar Grove No. 19,
. U. A.- O- D.'\ Interment Private.
MILLBACH— In this city, April 19, "1901. Ade-
line, beloved daughter of John and- the late
Annie Mlllbach, a native of San Francisco,
aged .2 months and 15 days..
MOLLOY— In this city, Aprtt 21. 1901, Cather-
ine, beloved sister of Patrlt.k, William. Sistej
.Veronica and Monica ' Molloy and Mrs. E.
Neuman and Mrs. M.Redington, a native of
2 County Galway, Ireland,' aged 71 years..
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral, this day
(Tuesday), at 12:30 o'clock, from his lati- resi-
dence. 723A Union street, between Powell and
Mason, thence to Shlels, building,- 32 O'Farr
rell street, where services will be held, com-
mencing at 1:30 o'clock. < Interment Mount
Olivet Cemetery. ' ., ....
MILER— In Sausalito, April 21, 1901. -Walter
H., beloved husband of Eugenie V. Miler,
and. father of Grace E. and- Irene Miler, a
native, of .New .York, aged 48 years and 11
months. ' . - • ; .
ityFrlends- and '.acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 1 o'clock, from the funeral par-
lors of Theodor Dierks. 957. Mission street.
. between Fifth and Sixth. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery by carriage. - . . .
McKIERNAN-In this. city, April 2L- 1901. Dan-
' iel, beloved husband ot .Mary Aj McKIernan
.and brother-in-law of Kiley- of this"
: city and the late Thomas Kiley of Oakland,
a native of Bally Castle, County Antrim, Ire-
land, aged 63 years 6 months and 19 - days.-'
¦A member of Eureka Lodge No.- 9,K. of P
" and Friendship ' Lodge No. 1"9. A. O. O. -W.
(Philadelphia "and Gloucester,. Mass., papers
, please copy.)' ¦;'". \ : .-..¦¦.:
¦ . [CTFrlends and acquaintances are" respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday)i at 2 o'clock, from • his late resi-
dence. 204 East street, between Howard and
Folsom. Interment -Odd fellows' Cematery.
MASCHENDORF— In this city, April 20, 1901.
Diedrich, beloved husband of Sophie Masch-
, endorf, and father of Lillie and Sophie"
' Maschendorf, and brother of Mrs. J. Ap-
mann. Mrs. D. Renpstorf and Henry Masch-
endorf, a native of Schwarme, Hanover, Ger-
many, aged 39 years and 7 months. A mem-
. ber of Norddeutscher Verein and Hanno-
veraner Verein. • .
(CyFriends and acauaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day.
(Tuesday), at 10 o'clock, from the late resi-
_. dence, 118 Morris avenue, thence to St. Rose's
Church: Interment Jloly Cross Cemetery. :
LUNDGREN— In .Vallejo, April 22, 1901, Charles
Gustaf Lundgren, husband of Emma Lund-
gren, and father of Charles Lundgren, a
native of Stockholm, Sweden, aged 53 years.
(CTFuneral will be held at 512 York street
to-morrow < Wednesday), at 2 o'clock.
MCCAFFREY— In San X.uis'Obispo, April 22,
1901, Catherine, beloved wife of the late
James McCaffrey, and loving mother of Hugh
of • Gilroy, '.James J. of Santa Barbara,
Thomas F. of San Francisco. Thaddeus A.'.
and Patrick J. McCaffrey of -San Luis -Obis4
po, a native of County. Tlpperary, Ireland,
aged S3' years. ' . . • .
McCLANAHAX— In Oakland, April 22, 1901. at
832 West street, Absalom, husband of Mary
McClanahan, and father of Mrs. R. A. :
Pritchard and Mrs. G. de Jarley, a native of
Missouri, aged 77 years 4 ' months and ¦ 20
days. • "'•¦.• . ! ..
McCURDY— In this city, April 20, 1901. David
McCurdy, beloved father of Mabel and James
McCurdy, ! and brother of Samuel McCurdy.
a native of County Antrim, Ireland, aged 43*
years. A member of Anniversary Lodge No.
85, I. O. O. F.
in? Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the par-
lors of J. S. Godeau, 305 Montgomery avenue.
LUCEY— In this city, Lezzetta. beloved wife of
Jeremiah Lucey, mother of May, Alice, Flor-
ence and Jeremiah Lucey, daughter of Lex-
. zetta Gerding, and sister of Mrs. H. Part-
,man. Mrs. B. Salmon, Mrs. W. Desmond and
H. Gerding, a native of Hanover. . Germany,
aged 34 years 9 months and 26 days. .
(ETFriend8 and acquaintances and members
. of St. Paulus. Frauen ¦ Verein are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day,
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
' dence, 1619 Fulton street, between Lyon
•. street and Central avenue. . Interment Ma-
' sonic Cemetery.
LIENARD— In this city, April 2J. 1901. Marie
Lienard, beloved wife of Ulric Lienard, . a
: native of Paris, France, aged 58 years. ¦ .
MRS. A. MAAS, Secretary.
LAMMERS-Vln this city, April 20, 1901, Jo-
hanna T. Lammera (nee Tobbenboske) and
infant son. dearly beloved wife and son of
¦: George H. Lammers, and sister of Mrs. Wil-
liam F. . Ohm, a native of San Francisco,
aged 30 years and IS days.
tt^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday),' at 1:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
1 'dence, .• 1219 Scott street, near Ellis, thence
to 'Druids' Hall. 413' Sutter street, where
services" will be held, commencing at 2:30
o'clock. Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.-,
SAN FRANCISCO FRAUEN VEREIN-To the
& Officers and Members of San Francisco
Frauen Verein:; You are hereby requested to
assemble at Druids* Hall, 413 Sutter street,
- at 2 o'clock, to attend the funeral of Bur late
member, , Mrs. Katherine Krausch. By order
• . .MRS..G. GALL, President.
' J.' C. SCOTT; Recorder.
KRAUSCH— In this city, April 20, 1901. Kath-
; erine, beloved wife of John Henry Krausch,
mother of Lizzie Krauseh, and sister of- Mrs.
, Anna Sauter and Henry L. Diehl. a native
1 of Hessen, Germany, aged 57 years 9 months
¦ and 27 <days. A member of German Ladles'
Benevolent Society of the Red Cross. San
Francisco Frauen Verein. Alcatraz Circle No.
. 1, Friends of the Golden State, and Eintracht
¦ Frauen Verein. •¦ ¦ . ,
ICT'Friends and acauaintances are respect-
fully, invited to attend the funeral this day
-(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
. dence, 247 Twenty-eighth street, thence to St.
Paul T s. Church, Twenty-ninth and Church
streets, where a' solemn requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
: commencing ¦ at 9 o'clock. , Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery. - " .
OFFICERS and members of Noe Valley Lodge
No. 185, A. O. U. W.: You are hereby notl-
! fled to attend the funeral of our late brother.'
Patrick \ Kfcane. this day (Tuesday), at 8:30
o'clock, from his late residence. 247 T .venty-
eighth street. . By order of '
• .- ... T. AHERN. M. W.
• (CTTriends and acauaintances are respect-
fully Invited to- attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), • at 2 o'clock, from Metzler's par-
lors, 636 Washington street. Interment Ma-
sonic Cemetery. ' • •• '-'-..
HUME— Entered into rest, in Berkeley, April
20, 1901, Joseph' Hume, husband of Bessie
Hume, a native of Augusta, . Me., aged 57
years and 2 days. - • ¦ - ¦>• - - - - ' - - ¦
EyFrlends and acauaintances are respect-
fully invited • to attend the funeral services
at his late residence, 2001 Dwlght way. Berke-
ley, this day (Tuesday), at 2 o'clock." .
KEANE— In •¦ this city, 'April 21. 1901. Patrick,
beloved husband of Ellen Keane. and father
of John, William. Charley, Eddie, Freddie,
Eugene and Josephine Keane, a native of
Stradbally, County Waterford, Ireland, aged
60 years.- . .' ..-'.- • . ¦ . . >
New York City, aged 36 years 6 months and
2S days.-, •
MOXr.Y TO LOAN— Continued.
SEWING' MACHINBS AND SUPPLIES.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc.. by private
I>artv; no removal; no commission; confiden-
tial." Room 3. Conservatory bldg., 301. Jones.
OAKLAND REAL* ESTATE.
IF your wife Is away take lunch at Home
Dining Room, 27 Market St.. in sky parlor;
very cheap, very good. SARAH A. STREET,
Manager.
PERSONALS — Continued.
OIL.
, ¦ EATLWAY TEAVEE. !
• , ll'lHIl— ¦ III ¦ Ml I
/ / * — "»'iii5s885W. It]
J w i@ffiff»V^ ~~ rr V.
/•ft?? t&S ' i
TKeMkinMrr
Of the Burlington Overland
Excursions has made the trans-
continental trip scores of \
times. He knows all the
points of interest en route. He
.. ' looks after his passengers day I
and night ; sees that the por-
ters do their duty; that tha
journey across the continent
is ENJOYABLE as well "as g
quick and comfortable. \
From Los Angeles, Mondays and Wed-
nesdays ; San Francisco. Tuesdays and
' Thursdays— Omaha,
Chicago, Kansas City, •
ijKgHau'jjsggll St. Louis and beyond.
lifffluUUfiTllI Tickets and berths
lf*J»WwSSll at ax ' ict Street.
IKSaeSEa^JI W. D. Sanbosk, e
¦ ¦ - Gen'l Agent
Santa Fe
Trains— paiiy.
Leave Market-Street' Ferry Depot.
; Local Lim'd Ovrl'd | Local
Dally. Oaily. Dally. Dally.
Lv. San Fran 7:20 a» 9:00 a 8:00 p 4:20 p
Ar. Stockton. 10:23 a 11:45 a 11:05 p 7:25 p
" Merced .. 12:23 p 1:17 p 1:15 a
" Fresno .. 2:20 p 2:35 p 3:03 a
" Hanford" 4:22 p 3:27 p 7:06 a .......
""¦Visalla.. 4:10 p 4:10 p 4:45 a
"Tulare .. 4:27 p 4:27 p 5:05 a
" Bksfield 6:50 p 5:20 p 7:30 a
" Kan City 2:41 a 7:30 a
" Chicago- . 2:15 p- 9:00 p .......
a for morning, p for afternoon.
9:W) a. m. train Is the California Limited
Carrying, Palace Sleeping Cars and Dining
Cars .through to Chicago. Chair Car runs
to Bakersfield for accommodation of local
nrst-class passengers. No second-class
tickets are honored on this train. Corre-
sponding train arrives at 5:55 p. m. daily.
4:20 p.m. is Stockton. Local. Correspond-
ing train arrives. at 11:05 a.m. daily
3:00 p. m. is the Overland Express with
through Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
free Reclining Chair Car, also Palace
I Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno. Corre-
sponding train arrives at 5:35 p. m. daily
7:20 a. m. is Bakersfleld Local, stopping
at all points in San Joaquin Valley. Corre°
sponding train arrives at 8:40 a. m. dally
Of flees— 641 - Market street and In Ferry
Depot, San Francisco; 1118 Broadway.
Oakland. , ¦ ¦ ¦_*
CHIC AGO I
In LESS th <">
THREE DAYS
' San Francisco At 70 A. Iff,
Chicago, Union Pacific
£r North-lVeslern Line
DOWBLE Draving-7{oom SUebing
Cars, Buffet, and Library
Cars, with barb~:r. Dining Cars—
meals a U carte. .'¦¦''Daily Tourist Car
Service and Personally Conducted Ex-
cursions every week from San Francisco
at6p.m. The besi,of erervthing. :-v4
n. «• rtiTCHiB
617 Market St. Gtneral Aae'nt Pacific Oxut
Palaea Bold • ¦ SAX r&AXVIsCO
¦ '- " ' '
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
¦ Via Sausalito Ferry.
- " Commencing September 30, 1300.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL, VALLEY
:-: AND SAN RAFAEL.
fWEEK DAYS— «:55. *9:15. 11:00 a. m., *1:43,
3 '13 4:00. 5:15, *6:15, 6:40 p. nj.
'EXTRA TRIPS— For , Mill Valley and San
Rafael on Mondays. Wednesdays and Satur-
! davs at 9:00 and 11:33 p. m/
SUNDAYS— -3:00. *10:00, ni:30 a. m.. "1:15.
315 .•4:45.' 6:30. 9:00 p. m. %
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentin.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS-5:20, »6:30, 7:43. 9:30 a. m.,
•12-30 1:43. *3:30. 4:30. 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:45 and 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS-€:20, »8:00, 10:00. »11:45 a. m..
•1-40 *2:15, 4:45, *6:30 p. m.
Trains marked <•) start from San Quentin.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 5:45. 6:45. 7:55, 9:30 a. m.,
12:35. 2:10. 3:30. 4:54, 5:20 p. m.
. EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:20 p. m. \
SUNDAYS— 8:05. . 10:05 a. m., 12:05, 2:15, '3:30,
5:00," 6:45 p.m. -
THROUGH TRAINS.
6:55 a. m. ; week days— Cazadero and way
stations. : . • • ¦
1:45 p.m. Saturdays — Tomales and way
stations. . . ¦ ;-<¦ . -
: 8 : a. m. Sundays— Tomales and - way sta-
tlons. - -¦¦.-¦
>fT^. Dr. Gibbon's Dispensar j,
JlLffktfaalifl 629 KEAESY ST. Established
fflWSS^Hain 1834 for the treatment of 1'rivnte
BijJfeySHW .pi'wa.Mes, J,mt Manhood. Debility or
||Ss5|5jPajr2ii» ( l i **'as» wearlngon body ami mind anrt
i s ' i ' n Diseases. The Doctorcures wli«-n
toj8*j»i"ftS»?» othei " s fail - Tr 7 him. rnarg-vs low.
¦ 3?SBBSEa?3§3*'»' r «*"Sr'»nrnnl«'ed. Call or write,
! l>r. J. F. GIBBOX, Hen Fraudaco, CaL .could even be guessed with any accuracy.
" No objection was made to stuffing the
ballot-box. ! v In fact, the managers wel
comed this plan as one that would bring
the largest returns to them, and they
were not disappointed in -their expecta
tions.
-A prize was also, offered for the most
popular young lady In the eyes of the
German colony. Everybody was drawn
into the ¦ two contests, and when the
judges ¦ declared the results the victors
were made to appreciate the honors of
such distinction.
From the start. Miss F. M. Hays led the
procession - in ¦ the contest to be- voted the
most beautiful young lady. While many
others disputed with her for the prize
there were none who could come up to the
standard set by the judges, and Miss Hays
triumphantly walked off with the prize.
In the contest for the 1 most popular
young lady a great latitude was afforded.
Miss Anna Gerichten carried off this prize
with such a decided majority that even
her rivals were constrained to willingly
relinquish to her the palms of victory.
Pitted against her were many charming
young ladies, who, although defeated,
frankly admitted that no better choice
could have been made.
In the shooting contest, ten prizes were
distributed among the most expert marks
men, the leaders of the Verein Eintracht
Schuetzen section being mainly distin
guished for their marksmanship. Valua
ble prizes' were given to each of the lead
ing contestants in the various shooting
classes. The winners in the order of pre
cedence were: H. Bender, H. Stettin, W.
Harker, H. Kuhls, Captain F. G. Kuhls,
C. Auer, L. Streit, O. Ludwlg, D. J. Han
sen, R. Liebenscheid.
MISS GERICHTEN, THE MOST POP
ULAR v YOUNG WOMAN AT VE
REIN EINTRACHT FAIR. -
Many a successful man begins at the
top of the ladder and goes down— when he
has business in the cellar.
Mining and financial circles were aeos
with excitement yesterday over the newj
published In The Call that Henry Brat
nober, the well-known and popular mining
expert and capitalist, had sailed from.
London for home after clearing up more
than five million dollars In the modern
Babylon.
When the Klondike excitement was at
its height Bratnober went to the Arctic
region for the Rothschilds, backed by un
limited capital. He • became acquainted
in Dawson with Jack Dalton, the man who
founded the famous Dalton trail, and the
; two became fast friends.
On returning from Dawson Bratnober
severed his connection with the Roths
childs and branched out for himself. He
, associated himself with the late Thomas
Mein, A- Wartenweiler, J. H. Sayre and
others who are prominent in nr.an.cial
, circles.
One year ago Bratnober revisited tha
Klondike and returned to this city with
Jack Dalton. The two started for Lon
don just before Christmas and Bratnober
at the time stated he was "out for bis
game." ~
It Is understood that Henry Callahan, a
mining expert, is the man, who gave cer
tain information to Bratnober. that the
latter used to great advantage.
Whitaker Wright Remembered.
Hundreds 1 of people in this State have
reason to remember Whitaker Wright,
who visited California about twenty years
ago, ifnd was the head of many disastrous
mining ventures in Lake County. Wright
finally dropped from sight and went to
London, where he ingratiated himself
with members, of the aristocracy, mem
bers of Parliament and other prominent
men. He then went to Australia and
started the "Lake View Syndicate" of
mines and the British public swallowed
the bait with avidity. Money fairly
poured into the coffers of Wright and his
associates and the arch-promoter became
a financial pillar in London. He secured
a footing in the "London and Globe Syn
dicate," a solid concern, and sold the di
rectors considerable stock of the "Lake
View" mines In Australia.
Henry Callahan. a mining expert, was
sent from London to Australia by the
London and Globe Company to report on
the Lake View mines, and he left Aus
tralia for home & few weeks ago, passing
; through San Francisco on his return trip.
Bratnober became acquainted with Calla
han when he passed through this city
en route to Australia and it is generally
understood that Callahan gave Bratnober
a tip to "watch Lake View stock."
Stock Bulled and Beared.
When Bratnober went to London last
winter he "beared" the stock and secured
a large number of shares. "When the
market was "bulled" by favorable reports
from Australia, the London and Glove
Syndicate eagerly bought up all the stock
it could lay its hands on and Bratnober
and his friends are reported to have
cleared up by the transaction more than
five million dollars.
Bratnober sailed from England on Sat
urday on the Lucania and his friends are
eagerly awaiting his return to this city.
A. "Wartenweiler. who shares offices in
the Crocker building- with Bratnober, de
clined to give any Information as to the
big deals made in London by Bratnober.
"I know that he made money during the
winter," said Wartenweiler in speaking 1 of
Bratnober, "but I have no information as
to this last transaction. I had a cable
from him a week ago saying: he was com
ing home."
Mrs. Bratnober moved from the Palace
Hotel to Piedmont when her husband
went to Europe and lives in a palatial
home in the suburban city. "When Brat
nober arrives in San Francisco he is
bound to receive a hearty welcome and
details of his good fortune are eagerly
awaited. ".
Local Financial Circles
Excited Over News
From London.
?
Dalton, the Klondike Pioneer,
Said to Be One of
Lucky Party.
BRATNOBER HAS
MADE MILLIONS
Miss F.M. Hayes ; and Miss Anna Gerichten
Are the Victors at the. Verein Eintracht
Fair— Ballot Boxes -Were Fully. Stuffed
LIVELY CONTESTS FOR PRIZES
FOR BEAUTY AND POPULARITY
STAR PERFORMERS APPEARING WITH MARKED SUCCESS THIS
WEEK AT THE CALIFORNIA THEATER, ORPHEUM AND GRAND
OPERA-HOUSE. MISS REDDING IS WEARING A STUNNING GOWN.
Alcazar.
The Alcazar has a good thing this week
In Paul M. Potter's four-act play. "The
The Bcenery was beautiful and— I was
about to cay "appropriate," but I should
eay. "inuch too good for the lines."
L. DU-PONT SYLB. '
The ladies and gentlemen engaged in
this extraordinary farrago are entitled to
our respectful sympathy. Mr. Webster
and Miss Stone, as the most intelligent,
must have suffered the most. They have
each an excellent stage presence, a well
trained voice and a quiet strength of man
ner which show that if only they were
riven a play they could not fail to interest
and to move us.
The character of Cigarette Is that of a
vivandiere whose constant talk is of broil
and battle, who thirsts for the blood of
Arabs defending their country against in-*
vading tyrants, who smokes and swears
and drinks like the veriest jack-trooper
of them all. This tigress-in-boots has a
very pretty affection for the hero, who
evidently does not "know the difference
between life and rhetoric." This affection
works itself out in a series of incidents
that require the assistance of horses, re
volvers, sabres, thunder, lightning and
dust storms to make them go off. And
there's your play! A troglodyte would
weep at having to sit through it and two
performances would shatter the constitu
tion of a cave-man.
Throughout the remaining acts the au
thor endeavors to carry your sympathy
for a hero who, in this aforesaid first act,
has committed an absurd and altogether
unnecessary piece of self-sacrifice. This
makes the sentiment of the entire play
ring false; instead of pitying your hero
and sympathizing with him you feel only
& languid contempt for a man who has
richly deserved every misfortune that has
fallen upon him.
IT IS really sad to contemplate the
amount of human effort that goes
into such a production as "Under Two
Flags" (Morosco's) and then to real
ize how utterly wasted has been the
greater part of this effort. To begin with,
it must have required a considerable,
combined exertion on the part of Ouida,
the ungrammatical, and her tedious
adapter. M. Eisner, to unite an act as in
geniously bad as the first act presented
last night; such dummy characters, such
clumsy construction, such tawdry senti
ment! Xever, burely, was there a compli
cation brought about by such mechanical
devices, with such an absolute disregard
of probable motives, with such childish
assurance that the audience would accept
anything the author chose to throw at
them.
The doors of ! the California Shoe'Com
pany are closed and will open this. Thurs
dav. : $20,000 worth of ¦ ladies' and men's
$3.50 shoes, : all celebrated makes, will-be
sold on -that; day for $1.65 -a- pair at; the
bankrupt shoe sale of the California Shoe
Company, 1506 Market street,' above City
Hall;avenue. , : ' • .
Wait Until Thursday.'
- The ; programme', arranged for the Por
teous Club .concert to-night promises an
enjoyable evening to those attending. It is
as follows :;JcF;. . •
Duet from "Mignon" (Thomas). B. ,TVeyl and
Misa -Heath; "Hunting Song" (Rondoletto),"
Child Pianist -Cecil Cowles;- aria from "Frei
schutz" (Weber), ¦ Miss " Friedlander: . recita
tions, •'."Luclle's Device,". ."Tommy's i Mati
nees "-Hazel ¦ Sexton,- from "dramatic class;
songs.'^Eliland". (Trelitz), B. "Weyl; song?. (Ru
binstein). -Miss' Keldheim; aria from "William
bt Orange" ¦ (Kckert), Mrs.: Cos; two scenes in
full- cOHtume from | the ; opera ; of I and
Gretel"- (Humperdinck), Miss Heath. Miss Cul
lum.'. Little Hazel ¦ Sexton. Sand " Man . Angels
from - dramatic i«. class.'- ' Mr. Fickensher^.' and
Mir s Inez Strauch, • accompanists. ; . : . ;
..The . concert will' be under ¦ the , direction
of Madame Anna von Meyerinck." -.- •
FORTEOTJS CLT7B CONCERT
! PROGRAMME ARRANGED
Judge : Cook yesterday morning heard
the , application of Mrs. Nellie Davids for
her release on a writ of habeas corpus
and - discharged the writ i, remanding her
into custody. Later she appeared before
Judge Cabaniss and was instructed as to
her rights on" the two charges of burglary
against-her. These cases and two 'cases
against her of petty; larceny- were con
tinued till to-morrow and the Judge' fixed
her bonds at $3000 or the same amount in
cash.. > .' . - •¦ ".'¦.,, • . : . : :
Mrs. Nellie , Davids Remanded.
the World, the largest camp In this city,
having more than 1200 members; celebrat
ed the tenth anniversary of its institution
in Native Sons' Hall last night. The oc
casion was made.one-of what' In wood
craft is known as. "log . rolling"— that : is.
bringing in new timber In .the shape ' of
applicants for admission 7 into the camp.
Three hundred and . twenty-five ¦ such ap
plications were presented before the en
tertainment prepared i by M. T. Moses, .P.
H C. ; T. J. Barry, W.' D. Ferguson,' J. S;
Patterson and M. M. Dodge. . ¦•
The programme was made up of the fol
lowing numbers: ¦•. .' .; ': •
-Overture, Hy man's Orchestra :< the Great La
Crotx, - the tramp ¦ juggler; Charles Morrell.
banjo - comique ; Scott- -and Wilson, acrobatic
comedians; musical selections, ' Hyman's"' Or
chestra ;¦ Neighbor .Joseph Hayes, recitations;
"Waterman Sisters, song and dance artists; El
ton Lambert, coon specialties: musical selec
tions Hyman's Orchestra; Fairbanks Bros.,
wizards of motion; Higgins and Fletcher, buck
and wing dancers; Past Head Consul M. . T.
Moses, V A Few "Words"; Master Higgins. baton
swinging, "the event of the evening"— W. Leon
ard, 125-pound lightweight champion of the Pa
cific Coast vs. Danny ¦ Carroll • of the-Olympic
Club ; Danny Danzlger, 125- pound ' champion of
the Olympic Club. .vs. Frank McConnell, 115
pound champion of ¦ the ' Olympic Club.
"LOG-ROLLING" BY THE
WOODMEN OF THE "WORLD
Golden Gate' Camp No. 64, Woodmen of
bon mots are, in his repertoire. In addi
tion to his humorous sayings Grant has a
good song full of rhyming wit and a sen
timentarrecltation that proves his versa
tility. All these good, bits in Grant's fa
vor ought to make him the headliner on
this week's programme, but the bill is so
full, of good things that he is only one
of many. Barnes and Sissons in a farcical
travesty, "The Mysterious Pill," a telling
act full of fun; Mil*. Adelaide, a dainty
bit of femininity, who dances and balances
herself on a wire rope;Mme. Marion von
Schradei'. a lady with a splendid soprano
voice and an operatic reputation, and
Clayton, Jenkins and Jasper in a dark
faced specialty/tf'The Darktown Circus,"
are the other new numbers on the pro
gramme that win the approval of the
audience. The holdovers include Josephines
Gassman and her pickaninnies' in an en
tirely new repertoin-:, Francesca Redding
and her clever company in her last week'.*
success "Her Friend From Texas." and
Horace Goldin in his mysterious illusions.
The American biograph, presenting a
series of new views, concludes the excel
lent programme.
Central.
•- MaWson's -military drama, "A' Fair
Rebel," drew a crowded ihouse last night
and was presented satisfactorily. The
scenery was more than usually elaborate
and called forth th* spontaneous applause
of the spectators. There are live horses
on the stage and many thrilling" situations,
sufficient to keep up the interest in what
is otherwise a weak play. The company
is good and cast with excellent discrimina
tion. Mr. Cummings as Colonel Ezra
M^?S*?t nd *i, L9r ? 1^ 1 At w°° d as Clairette
Monteith, the fair rebel, dividing the
honors with Ozra Waldrop's Joan Fitz
hu f h -i r Jam « s , Corrigan's Major Stillman
oS? i£Si Bel , mour ', s A J™t Margie. Rich"
ard Scott in the role of Captain de Perrin
played the ungrateful villain's role so well
that he was hissed by the indignant gal-
Fischer's Concert House.
Fischer's Concert House was crowded
to Its " utmost capacity last night, and
Paraskova Sandoline, contralto, after
singing th,e aria from "Mignoii," was
given four,, encores. .."Scenes in China
town," presented'by Oro Dalton and Oro,
proved a most amusing sketch, and Eva
Thatcher and Charles Chenowith in their
act, "Married Life in the Twentieth Cen
tury," were funny. . Jack Symonds, the*
monologist, sang new songs and told new
stories, and Gus Leonard, musical com
edian, played on extraordinary instru
ments. The rest of the programme was
unusually good. - -;--"--!
Tivoli.
Although in its third .week, "The Idol's
Eye" drew a large audience to the Tivoli
Opera-house last night and was thorough
ly enjoyed. The encores were numerous
and it seemed as if the audience could
not get enough of the ever popular "Fairv
Tales." The principals in the cast Fer
ris Hartman; Alf C. Wheelan. Arthur
Cunningham, Edward Webb, Maud- "Wil
liams, Annie Myers and Bernice Holmes
were all in splendid voice and made the'
opera go brilliantly.
Olympia.
California.
There is a new bill and a good 'one at
the Olympla this week. The three #Ma!
vern brothers made a big* hit last night
with their acrobatic act and Jeanette and
her' Australian cockatoos were: well-re
ceived. ' i$SfflSteHDKSBSEft ; v " V i -
"The Evil Eye" drew another large au
dience to the California' last night. The
piece went very .smoothly and is assured
of a good week's run.
Weekly Ministers' Meetings.
; Rev. J., N. Beard- discussed the use of
individual communion cups at the weekly
meeting of the Methodist ministers yes
terday: 'He, informed his brethren that
he had inaugurated their use in his church
and had found it a success. A delegatiion
of ministers from the Presbyterian Min
isters' Union, composed of Drs.tBell, Be
vier and Willard, attended the meeting
and asked that a committee be. appointed
to co-operate with the committees trom
other denominational bodies to arrange
for a final evangelical movement on the
first' of ¦ the, year under the leadership of
J. Wilbur Chapman, the famous evan
gelist. -Rev. John Stephens, Rev. J. N.
Beard and Rev. . S. D. Hutsinpiller were
appointed a committee to aid the project.
Rev. F.K. Baker was appointed, a com
mittee of one -to 'draft: suitable resolutions
thanking the Federal authorities for their
excellent work in endeavoring to curtail
the slave traffic in Chinatown. Rev. R.
H. Fink read an interesting paper before*
the Presbyterian Ministers' . Union on
"Why People do not Attend Church on
Sunday." . ,' . .. ¦
"Word was received in the city yesterday
that S. H. Frledlander, the well-known
theatrical manager, has recovered from
his recent illness and says he will shortly
embark in business once more.
Mr. Friedlander will be interested in a
salmon cannery on the Columbia River in
Oregon and will also lease the j opera
house at Eugene, Or. --»¦•.:
tractions.
S. H. FRIEDLANfJER IN .
CANNING BUSINESS
Also Rents Opera Housa at Eugene,
Or., and Will Book ', At-
French family. The Prussian offlcets in
vite a crowd of Parisian dancing girls to
the castle, and during the subsequent fes
tivities an insulting toast is proposed 'by.
one of the officers, one Lieutenant ' Eric
von Rodeck, that is overheard by Yvonne,
Fister of the Baron de Grand Pre. Yvonne
dashes a glass of wine in the officer's face
as the retort courteous and he swears to
be revenged.
The opportunity for revenge presents it
self in the second act, when, finding
Yvonne in a country inn, where she has
gone to meet her soldier brother, he de
termines to ruin her. She successfully
appeals to his chivalry, however, and he
leaves her. only for her to fall into worse
hands in the person of the landlord of the
inn, Bobeche. Yvonne, in the dark, im
agines that it is the lieutenant, repentant
of his good resolution, and remains in ig
norance that the Prussian officer, to save
her, himself kills the landlords She> for
the insult offered her, tries to kill, him,
and then, repentant, nurses him back to
health. ' .
The second scene Is one of simply tre
mendous power. It struck sparks from
first to last. The others are more loosely
knit, the interest rather petering out in
the necessary explanations toward the
last, but the play is one of strong inter
est, good dialogue, and teeming with ef
fective incident. ¦"-.-, ¦ ¦:
The honors of the evening are with Miss
Convere, who displayed an unexpected
emotional depth as Yvonne. Her concep
tion of the character .was . marked by ad
mirable refinement, grace and force. 'Jo37
eph Kilgour struck the true brusque note
of the soldier, but failed rather in the
sentimental side. Perhaps as good "work
as any was done in the excellent sketch
The shooting of the horses of the Ninth
Cavalry found suffering from glanders
still continues at the Presidio. ; Forty
have. been killed since the arrival ( of the
animals at the post eight days ago, and
to-day twenty-five more will be released
from pain by bullets from army revolv
ers. Despite the precautions taken to pre
vent the spread of the glanders the dis
ease seems to spread daily. -,-
Private Ogletree of the Eighteenth In
fantry was shot through the left arm,yes
terday morning by the accidental dis
charge of his rifle. The bullet fractured
the bone in the forearm in two places. •
Word was received yesterday at army
headquarters that the transport Sheridan
had left Manila with the Forty-fifth and
Forty-sixth regiments on board. -
VETEttlN ABIES KELL MANY _':.':¦
- MORE GLA1TDEBED HORSES
Steeds, of Ninth. g Cavalry Suffering
• 'From Dread Disease Shot and
•. : Carcassss/-Burned.
A blight change of time will take place
on- the Coast Line to-day, by which the
Coast Line Limited will leave this city
at 7:30 a. m. instead of 8, the first San
Jose local at 6:45 a. m. instead of 7, and
Sunset Express at 6:15 p. m. instead of. 7.
COAST LINE
CHANGES TIME
M. Gaston Deschamps of Paris, literary
critic of "Le Temps", and one of the most
distinguished" of -present-day French men
of letters, will arrive in San Francisco at
6:45 'Friday evening. Throughout the fol
lowing week M. Deschamps will lecture at
the University of California on "The Con
temnorary Stage." These lectures, to
wWch the public is invited, will bo -given
in the lecture room of the Students , Ob
servatory at 4 o clock every afternoon
from Monday to Saturday, April 29 to May
4 inclusive. M. Deschamps will speak in
French. -The detailed programme will be
"Monday. ''April 29. "The Masters or the
Contemporary Stage"; Tuesday. April 30.
"The Marriage Question" ; Wednesday ,
May 1. "Family Life"; Thursday, May 2,
"The Social Question"; Friday, May 3.
"The Heroic Drama"; Saturday, May 4,
conclusion, "The Future of the Stage in
M. n Deschamps was born at Nelle. Deux
Sevres in 1861. He studied at the College
of Niort, then at the College Salnte Barbe.
in Paris and was admitted in 1882 at the
Upper Normal School. Received as a fel
low of the university- in. 1885, he was se
lected by competition • to be sent to the
French Archaeological School in Athens.
It is as a pensionnalre of that school
that M. Gaston Deschampa explored sev
eral regions of Asia Minor, and his epi
graphic work made the subject of several
reports to the Academy of Inscriptions
and Belles Lettres. In the Intervals of his
trip M. Deschamps acted as literary. and
political correspondent of Le Journal ;des
Debats for Athens. In 1890 he was man
aging edlt6r of the Journal des, Debats
and contributed also to the Revue de Deux
Mondes and the Revue Bleue. .-. He pub
lished in 1892 "La Grece d'Aujourdhui,
which was "couronne" . by the French
Academy.' The following year he published
"Sur les Routes d'Asic," souvenirs of
travel. He then succeeded Anatole France
as the literary critic of the Temps, and for
the last seven years he has been. writing
a weekly . "feuilleton" on contemporary
literary, movements. - These essays have
been reunited in "La Vie et Les Livres,
which count already five volumes. .
DESCHAMPS WILL
TELL OF THE STAGE
Will Deliver Six Lectures on the
French Drama at the Stats
University.
ONE' of the most exciting .'. contests
at the recently closed .fair of the
.Verein Eintracht was that for
the honor of being declared the
• most beautiful • young. \. lady.
A host of candidates entered the lists,
and -as each one had hundreds of
admirers it was not until the result was
announced in the early hours of Monday
morning that the name of the winner
'John B. Moisant. under- the name of
John Moore, is a fugitive from Justice and
Captain Seymour, who has a warrant' for
his arrest on the charge of felony embez
zlement, has wired to .Iteming and El
Paso, hoping that he maybe captured at
one of these points, as he Is believed to be ,
on his' way to Mexico with his kidnaped
child and ; valuable securities belonging to
R. Dannmeyer, stock broker/ 100 Front
street; who is his wife's uncle. . ".' •
The warrant was sworn to before Judge
Cabaniss . yesterday morning by Dann
meyer, who accuses Moisant of embezzling
500 shares of Consolidated California and
Virginia Mining Company's' stock of the
value of $1200. • Moisant got the shares
Friday to negotiate an oil deal, but he
did not do anything in the" matter, and
when he failed to make his appearance
Saturday, Dannmeyer became suspicious.
He made inquiry and learned that Moi
sant had called upon his wife, who is
living in this city with her mother, and
had asked as a favor to be allowed to
take' their child to the Orpheum for the
matinee. The husband and wife have been
living apart for some years.; Moisant did
not return* with the child.
Dannmeyer notified Captain Seymour
yesterday morning, and it was soon dis
covered that Moisant had left on Satur
day evening's train for El Paso en rout©
for Mexico, and it is presumed that he
has the child with him.
It is alleged . that Moisant took other
securities belonging to Dannmeyer with
him. ¦ Some are not negotiable and are
only of value to Moisant personally. •
Moisant has been connected in business
with Dannmeyer for the . past thirteen
years, and has been residing in San Sal
vador. He arrived in this city a few days
ago, and it is believed that his principal
object was to secure possession of his
child. Other charges will probably ' be
made against him if he should be ar
rested. : . ¦ • - ¦ .
Late last evening Captain Seymour re
ceived the following dispatch from Dem
ing, N. M.: .........
Man on train. Could 'not get him off. . Have
wired to J. H. White, Chief of Police at El
Paso, Texas, to hold him.
- . I.EWIS I. MARSHALL. Justice.
Charles F. 6'Callaghan, attorney for
Dannemeyer, was seen last e\ r ening at his
residence and positively refused to give
any Information as to the alleged embez
zlement by Moisant. The attorney pro
fessed to be in ignorance of the residence
of Dannemeyer and also of Mrs. Moisant.
• An- hour after O'Callaghan was seen he
visited Captain Seymour, at the. Hall of
Justice in company with a man named
Prescott. The attorney was shown the
dispatch from New Mexico, but did not
vouchsafe- the detective any information
that might be of value.
The detective department has not been
furnished with 'the address of Mrs. Moi
sant, and Dannemeyer is as. silent as his
attorney regarding information as ' to
whether Mrs. Moisant will charge her
husband with kidnaping her child. The
lady did not visit police headquarters and
the detectives .were unable to locate her
last night. : . \
The Police Department is of the opinion
that Dannemeyer and Moisant have had
a family and business quarrel and that
the- charge of felony embezzlement has
but little foundation.
J. B; Moisant Is Accused
of Stealing Bonds .
Worth $1200.
It Is Also Alleged That He
• Is a Fugitive and a
Kidnaper. '
EMBEZZLEMENT
CHARGE IS MADE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL; TUESDAY, APRIL 23, 1901.
Conquerors"; it has an excellent thing in
the two first acts of the play. The story
of "The Conquerors" Is briefly as follows:
The scene is laid in Brittany, during the
evening and night following the battle of
Sedan, September 3, 1870. The chateau
Grand Pre in Dinan is occupied by the
Prussians, whose presence is bitterly re
sented by the owners thereof. . an old
Orpheum.
Alf Grant, in a specialty down on the
bills as "Pictures Taken From Life,;'
ought to Bucceed this week in proving to
the Orpheura patrons that there are a few
jokes not old enough to be out of swad
dling clothes and that those selfsame
of Bodeche,'put in with clean, One touch
by Charles Bryant, and the rest of the
characters are all adequately cast. The
stage management leaves something to be
desired, over-long waits, and. ragged ends
here and there, but "The Conquerors" is
much . the best thing that the Alcazar
boards have seen for many, a moon. .
"The Conquerors" is a Strong Play and Makes a Great
| Hit at the Alcazar— ' The Evil Eye" at the California.
Good Show at the Orpheum— "A fair Rebel" at Cental
— : — — — — ¦ — — — -+
"UNDER TWO FLAGS" AT GRAND OPERA
HOUSE REPRESENTS WASTED EFFORT
12
ADVEKTISEMENTS.
DR.M9NULTY.
ri'HIS WtLt-KSOWN AND RELIABLE OLD
I Specialist ewe* Blood Poison, Gonorrhce:i.Gle<»t.
Xtrictarp , H?minal Weakness. Impotence and their
allied Disorders. Hook on Diseases of Men, Ufa.
py«Tprean''x^r'ence.Tfrm% reasonable. Hoar*,
3to.«daily;8:30to8.30ev'KS..Sunday«,10taIi C<>mnl-
tationfreeandsacredly confidential. Call o* address
P. BO»COB MfXtlTY, 35. D.
SO},' JKecrnySt,, Saa Frarinitien.Csl-
Weekly Cali,$l;00 per Year
Between Pine and California «t«.
REMOVED.
PATRICK «S CO.,
~- RUBBER STAMPS. ETC.. :
TO.221 SAN9OMEST,
[>(Ff T. •¦no ;. other place in San Francisco can :
J lU SOROSIS or ROVAL shoes be bought
'The genuine are branded on the soles.
I * Vr^^g^ for 5prirtg Catalogue
' ' \rw ' Mm SB V ' ¦ VJ t t k
T 7 ill - t»i/^^V. v
I AFULLSETOFTEETIi j
Sl—J-.,.^! IU» J HI UIM JIWIllMUJi IIIIHIM I III Ml 1 1 Of 1
I Wff~ i come requests for our $3.50 §
f £& u Shoes for men and women. In |f aa\
Is La^)1 our NEW departmen t I ¦•VflAWI
B |M " H that will do credit to our store. S || . j I
8 /:/aJ^"H The buying and .selling of By \t\\ I
H^ fj{) ¦ H Shoes has been our business H / v
g £ H for twenty-three years, and y A i
»» ' a g the success we have made a iO\ 1
« if w i sllows our judgment must be j|'-W|*^- j /
tuaV|(r I good. People living in the in- B P*
V«J 3 terior can be served as well as M Si