CTontinued on Page Five.
PARIS, April 25.— The .directors of the
mines at Mqntceau-les-Mlr.es, the scene
of a prolonged strike, decided to-day- to
inform. the Minister -of 'the Interior, : M.
Waldeck-Rousseau," that they wouM ac
cept. almost entirely the demands of the
strikers.
Demands of Strikers Acceptsd.
¦ L.ONDdX....Vi»rit 25.-^A- :dispatch> from
St. r . Petersburg ;says the^Rtissiah; Govern
ment Uias ; forbidden : the ', exhibition *at
AIoscow . of Repin'e's* life-size -portra.it- of '
Count 'Leo -Tolstoi,^ represehtlng: -him in
the costume of a peasant and barefooted.'
.When the portrait" wap-recently! exhibit-.
ed's^St: .Petersburg the 'public; paid jnn-1
Ufsual .tributes 'to. the r -picture '¦ and • su'r- w
rounded it with, flower?. - - J
- Bars • Tolstoi's': Portrait^
¦•'When the United States Congress
meets tho Clayton-Bulwer treaty will be
torn ' into* shreds'; and throv/n: icto our
faiiesJ We shall have -to choose between
fighting or. eating humhie pie. The first
serious discussion of the possibility of
such a war • will do more to' keep the
Boers , in the. field than "all the -specches
of all thepro-Eocrs in existence."
(¦yiiiMpn H v "i i ii i ' i ' -
V/hen~a- messenger- left the scene' the
Boers were between two* British forcas.
The Boer looses are unknown. Tho Brit
ish had ' no casualties. ~^f t 3;$
LONDON. April 25.— William T. Stead
in an interview, witfi a representative of
the Daily Mail yesterday said.-*
"The Boers are calculating upon Eng
land's , growing embroiled with "Russia
or some other complication. If I am not
mistaken we are on tho verge of a storm
across/the Atlantic that will rudsly shat
ter our peaceful, calculations.-
CAPE TOWN, April 25.-A dispatch
from'; Dordrecht. Cape Colony, . says the
Yeomanry .under Colonel "Wodehouse and
the Dordrecht volunteer guard r.-»;re en
gaged all. day.' yesterday, with . Boer in
vaders in the vicinity of. Dordrecht.
It is believed f- the-: Sheriff's»action're
moves the l dari5er-.qf.a clash between, the
opposing forces,' .which",* at the present rate
of road extension," will meet .either, to-mor
row, or Saturday.-'" Both '. fortes have". been
largely reinforced.'; ; " * > ; .
SALT LAKE,'Utah,' April 25.-A special
to the Herald * from -TJvada, Utah,- says
that" the Sheriff^ of Iron r Courity has' en
tered, into, the flight. bety.-een. .the. Oregon
Short Line and Senator Clark's. forces for
the>"possession»of ithe old California and
Utah" Railway; v. and . has ¦. notified -both
forces, now within less -than* two miles of
each other, .that"; any of the
law would be repressed. ¦ ... . * • ¦¦'•--¦:'
Rival Forces Will, Soon Meet;
;But^ <P%h •;• May> Be ' ;",
; Prevented.
SHERIFF TAKES HAND
IN SHORT LINE FIGHT
As he fired the shot he said: "I hav%
gone seven years without touehins -a
drop. I cannot face my wife and lather
now."
Face Wife After Fall-,
ing From Grace.; ,
DENVER, April 23.— Because J!e had
fallen from grace and become intoxi
cated after seven years of strict sobri
ety, Edward J. Sexton, one of tne best
known insurance men In the West, .shot
himself with suicidal intent at Crippla
Creek at an early hour this morning. Ite
wjil die. He is a son of William F. Sex
ton of San Francisco." general adjuster
of the- Fireman's Fund Insurance Com
pany. Sexton Is 35 years old and Iivp<l
with his wife at 2 East Twenty-second
avenue, Denver. He- went to Cripple
Creek about a week ago, representing
the National Fire Insurance Company,
of which he ia a traveling agent. I^a.-t
night two of h!?» friends found him wan
(leiins about tho streets apparently Jn a
stupcr. They took him to his room la
the National Hotel, -where in their pres
ence he shot himr.elf through the breast.
Continued on Page Five.
Edvrard J.- Sexton Fears to
RETURNS TO LIQUOR
AND SHOOTS HIMSELF
; Tuberculosis in.an early stage, says Dr.
Villar.' was cured within' forty,- days. .The
patients whose'eases were more advanced,
but without complications, : . he - reports,
were --all cured within .ninety > days. '- 'Of
those. patients whose cases were far ad
vanced all were cured except those who
could. offer but very little resistance to the
disease. . - • : ¦ . .'..
j.Dr.'.yillar. did : not divulge the cTiaracter .
of his serum, but it, is krov.n to be a yel
low fluid. V. Hypodermic injections are
madc.-.varylns-^i .quantitj-,. every s^ccorid,
third. rfourjh or fifth day. according to in
dividual'cases. Argentine physicians-have
been invited . to investigate the alleged
cures and serum treatment.
BUENOS AYRES,' April 23.-Dr. Carlos !
L. :Villar, an Argentine army surgconT.iias
just published "a report of the treatment of
fifty cases of. tuberculosis with his serum
at the military- hospital Jn this city. The
treatment extended from December 2, 1900, x
to April. 20, 1901/^ V', : ...;-.
. ¦ . .;.....,..¦»¦ . . .
Argentine : Army. Surgeon Re
* .; ., ports"; on Treatment
of Cases.
CURES CONSUMPTION
WITH A NEW SERUM
- Minister Storer -at Madrid, has, not been
instructed to make any representations to
the. Spanish Government, and if ho has
done so the State Department is ignorant
of his action. It is not believed that lie
would suggest the detachment .of Moreu'
from the battleship Pelayo. as. reported,
as this might tend to inHame Spanish feel-
Ing against the United ' States, arid the
mission of Storer* is to re-establish, the
friendly relations . which existed between,
tlie- two governments before the- recent
war. .
CALL BUREAU, 1406. G STREET, N.
•W.. -WASHINGTON. April 25.— Criticism
Is made by naval officers of Captain Diaz
Moreu for the s-peech he made at the Tou
lonfetes. This criticism has not caused
any action by the State Department, but,
nevertheless, officials generally believe
that it would have been in better taste
for Captain Morcu to have refrained from
boasting Of his action in sinking the Colon
to prevent her from falling into tlie. hands
of victorious Americans at the battle of
Santiago de Cuba. : ; . .
Should Have Refrained From
Boasting of Sinking of
the Colon.
BAD TASTE SHOWN
BY SPANISH CAPTAIN
An. Engagement Fought With
the Invaders of Cape
BOERS IN BATTLE
WITH THE BRITISH
UNITED STATES MINISTER COJJGER^AND HIS " FAMILY, WHO - RE- '
TURNED HOME YESTERDAY-.FROM CHINA.AFTER : ENDURING J
TERRORS OP SIEGE IN PEKING BY.THE^BOXERS.
Efforts arc being made to discover the
source of tlif* forged telegrams received
last night announcing that the President
had reprieved Ketchum.
DENVER. April 25.-A special to the
News from Clayton. New Mex., says
Tom Ketchum, alias "Black Jack,"
whose/ execution for train robbery is set
for to-morrow, to-day asked his attor
ney.,. John R. Guyer, to write -President
McKinlcy that Len Albertson. Walt
Huffman and Bill' Waterman, who are
serving time in the Santa Fc penitentiary
for the mail robbery at Steens. Pass in
1S07. are innocent, and that the robbery
was committed by Will Carver.' Dave
Atkins. Ed Cullin, '"Broncho Bill." Sam
Ketchum and himself. He told where ar
ticles taken at the time might be found
to prove his assertion.
Bandit Who Is to Die To-
Morrow Declares Three
Prisoners Innocent.
BLACK JACK TELLS
NEW STORY OF ROBBERY
about eight weeks ago from my State.. In
the first I was asked if I. was a- candidate
for Governor. I sent a reply saying that
I was not a candidate and was not seek
ing the nomination. The second telegram
asked me if I would accept the nomina
tion for. Governor' if it were tendered to
me. I replied that If the people of Iowa
wanted me for Governor I would, accept,
bufthat in no, case was I to be* consid
ered a candidate for. the office. That was
two months ago, and many things may
have happened since that time to alter
the situation in Iowa."
Minister Conger was, shown a telegram
from Des Moines stating that there were
many candidates in the field for the Gov
ernorship, and that his answer might pos-
{-.Minister Conger*- was told^of 'the.asser
tion | that ;c the " breach in . tHe Republican
"ranks In Iowa would be healed if he would
accept v th© nomlria'tionl and was asked if
he .would /accept i It ,'all .thQ other . candi-
Proud to Serve His State.
: "I; cannot say anything more now than I
have just" stated. • r have a large "amount
Of; mail : awaiting: me and'it will take'me
some 'time to go through it. -In any case
I think that, it will be'-best for me to say
nothing cmore on the subject' until I reach
myT State."* {' ; ' *'"
sibly decide- who would be the next Gov
ernor "of the State.' '¦¦.¦¦'¦ I '<"•
. : ;-' ; Inf relation! to this! telegraphic sta.tement
Mlnister-Conger v said: .
The jj first to meet Minister Conger " on
board the steamer were" Colonel John P.
Minister Commends Their
Actions and Says They
, Are Grossly Maligned
MISSIONARIES
NOT' GUILTY OF
LOOTING HOUSES
"I wish asain.to state',that niycomingr
home ., has nothing to do ;^vith ' the ? ques
tion of the Governorship of Iowa.'
¦ ."1 do : not care . for public demonstra
tions, but* I belong'to the people of Iowa
and shall'! feel honored to accept a re
ception at their hands. Iowa, has been
very .'kind \to me and:»has sranted me all
I ever asked of It, I,:have been
obliged to refuse. many "requests^ from the
people of. the State. • ' rj,..
: On being informed that public recep
tions would be tendered' to him in I>es
Molnes, Council Bluffs and other Iowa
cities. Minister Conger' said:
"I am home on sixty days" lea.ve of ab
sence, 'counting from my arrival In San
Frandscb.v. My Intention is to leave to
morrow ¦ for Des Molncs and then go to
.Washington. ' IMntend. to return to my
post In Peking when my ieave of absence
expires. Ihave brought my family home
with me and at present I think they will
go'.iiack'to' whlna when I return."^
VI can only say that if the peoplo
of Ijowa.want my servlozs I shall bo
proud to servo them, but I. wish It.
distinctly understood that I am not
p. candidate for the", offlcs. Circum
stances might be such, on my return
the State that I might decline the
honor of a nomination.
dates flhould withdraw In his favor. To
this query Minister Conger replied:
DIPLOMAT RIDICULES ANY
POSSIBILITY OF ANOTHER
UPRISING OF THE BOXERS
Regarding Affairs in Iowa He Says He Is Not
a Candidate for the Governorship, but
May Accept Offer of the Nomination
PEOPLE'S VOICE
MAY INDUCE HIM
TO SEEK OFFICE
« DW12J H. CONGER. Envoy Ex
i traordlnary and Minister Flenipo
» tentiary from the United States to
I _ the Imperial court of China, at Pe
jj iiU.g. arrived yesterday afternoon
on the Ftoamship Nippon Maru
nfter un uneventful voya&) from
i -m lb« Orient.
The home-coming of Minister
Conger was In keeping with the democ
ikiry of th« country he has rep
resented for the past three years in the
Flowery Kingdom. Beyond the courtesies
of thw port, extended by Deputy Surveyor
«if <.'u«tnm« Bt. John, and a welcome ot
Uih hand* of Colonel John P. Irish, Naval
Oillccr of ihi» port of Ban Francisco, Mln
1fi<t Conger** arrival was not marked by
? :?f'Inl niif-nttan««.
Mlnintrr Coris'-r was accompanied by his
wlff. hi* dftOgbtcr and Miss Mary Conner
Pierce; hi* nl<r<*. All of ih**e endured the
t'-rrurm of tho row hlntorlml r\< iz<- of the
forHcti If-K.-iHnriH In IVklnff.
Th* Nippon Mum wan slffhted on* lb«
< yam yettrrday sliortl^ before noon ond
i-rrlwd <ii (i;]i:raiillnr- nbmit 1 p. m. While
th« Vrtornl <;uiir;intln« official* were In
specting the rto;imifhlp a. number of tiis*
tiud launrhcx hovered In th« viclnltv of
tin- m-futt linrr. The diplomat came to
thf mil of ihr- fdiip Miid «x' li.-i tiRr-'l hearty
erecting! with IboM who tossed and
l<>M>»d Jn the iMUnclien. The whittling of
th»- wind rrevfnlr-d conversation at louts
<:lctai)c«>. but when the ship was released
from QOaninUlM and a rcpresentatlvn of
Yh«! Call bearded the Nippon Maru Min
ister Copper consented to un Interview on
the Kitu.Htlon in ilie Orient, where for
Many nonttta be was one of 'the central
figures In. a drama watched by the wliole
WrM.
In .the course of th«* Interview Minister
•r'oniscf Trsrmly defended the mlpulonarlcs
in the Orient nnd declared that they were
rot re*ponsible for lh« hatred of the Chl
i;pr* for foreigners ns expressed by the
P.nxer t;prlsirg. He said that the mission
*rle? ht(3 r.ot been guilty of looting. The
aa Urged reprisals and outrages committed
by' thft allied, troops on the m*» «¦«•»* to Pe
king: were cieFignated. as grors exaggera
'Sor.s. Jie dwelt with pride on the frlend
!y relations existinc between the United
States and Russia, but stated that one of
Ihe grave issues the United States would
probably have to face was the occupa
tion of Manchuria by the troops of the
Czar.
Minister Concer is of the opinion that
<"hlra is able to pay an indemnity of $300.-
OOQ.OOO to the allied powers for war ex
penses and the claims of the missionaries,
but that a new system of finance must be
introduced. He ridicules any possibility
vf another uprising of the Boxers and
Ifi'nks that the people of China are de
signed to the present situation.
In speaking of the political situation in
S.is home State of Iowa Minister Conger
ttated that he was not a candidate for the
Governorship, but would not refuse the
rojnirsation if tendered to him.
m \
Distinguished Diplomat Is
Not a Candidate for the
i Governorship of Iowa
Minister Conger, In speaking of the po
lUicai situation in the State of Iowa, said:
: "I received two telegrams in China
JIM HILL'S NEW
RAILWAY PROJECT
Buying Wisconsin Central
for St. Paul-Chicago
Connection.
Following this, insiders say. another ef
fort will be made to get the St, Paul,
when the end of Kill's schemes, wJH be
reached for the present.
After the Wisconsin Central It Is itaid
another move to acquire the Krie for
the long talked or transcontinental Jine
will be undertaken. With two lines from
Chicago connecting with his roads at St.
Paul Hill will iKina bettor condition to
control traffic and to cover an important
territory cast of th<? Missouri.
ST. PAUL, Minn., April 25.— It Is re
ported on the best authority that J. J.
Htll Js buying Wisconsin Central for con
trol for a St. Paul-Chicago connection.
Local speculators were very active here
to-day getting Wisconsin Central on tips
that are eaid to have come from the Hill
circle. It is said that Hill has long in
tended to taic in the Wisconsin Cen
tral and only deferred the transaction
until the Burlington deal was consum
mated, fearing that its acquisition by
him might hamper negotiations or arouse
8 ttronir opposition from other Chieago-
Ft. Paul line*. .
: "We took only abandoned prop
erty?'
. "On the Prince's grounds ws found
a large stable of mules and horses.
There was very little feed for these
animals, and something had to be
done with them or they would starve
"On the very day of the arrival of the
allied forces wo were informed that wo
must leave the British legation, as that
legation was to be used as headquarters
for the officers of tho British army.
Something had to be done and done quick
ly. I immediately thought of a Mongol
Prince, Hsl Ling, who was an ally of tho
Boxers and whose place was the head
quarters of Boxers and blacklegs. Ho
was also one of the leaders of the anti
foreign movement and 2000 Boxers' were
entertained and fed by him until they
ate him cut of house and home, on tho
second day after the arrival of the allied
forcc3 Mr. Tewkesberry and myself made
our way to his house, not knowing
whether he was there or not. We found
the place entirely empty, not a human
soul on the premises, he having fled some
time before. "We found banners, flag?,
guna, swords, sabers and Boxers' uni
forms, together with tablets and registers
of fighting men. The next day we brought
up our native Christians and occupied
the deserted place. In that house and
its neighboring houses that we occupied
we put more than 400 people.
ACCOMPANYING Minister Conger
on the Nippon Maru was the Kev.
W. S. Ament of the American
Board of Foreign Missions of the
Congregational Church, the mis
sionary whoso collection of indem
nity for damages done by Boxers
formed the text of Mark Twain'
caustic article, "To the Person Sit
ting in Darkness," published lit the Feb
ruary number of the North American Re
view, lie has been stationed at Peking
for twenty-three years.
Rev. Mr. Ament take* vlgnrmin. exemp
tion to the » criticisms mndo by Mark
Twain and others am to the alleged ml*
conduct of the mlosionarles. Ha ray:* thnt
owintr to tho arduous naturo of their du
ties most of the ml«»lnnarl*-a had been
obllired to roturn home for medical treat
ment, and Tlev. Mr. Tewke«herry and
himself were- practically th« only artlvn
tnlhHliiniirlr n left In f.'IdtiK. I !•• complain*
thnt th« correspondent* of th# . Kn'sltilt
mid Anvrlenn niwapapers In China did
not treat him fairly, at they formed their
ld>u« In Shanghai. lie xnyx they Admitted
such to bo the fact tn per»rmat confer
ence* with himself and thnt they took
hrarnuy reports without having mad". In
nil canes. personal Investigation. Thosa
who did make personal Invmtlgatlon
made favorable reports of tho mission
aries. He auld:
"We found ourselves at the closw of th«
slrgo with COO native Christiana upon our
hands, no food, no clothing, no money
and every Christian house burned. All tho
Christian property had bceu-destroyed.
In my own church three hundred out of
nine hundred Christians had been mur
dered. Thirty thousand native Christian*
and ISC missionaries were victims to tho
fanaticism of the Boxers. This is exclu
sive of Catholic missionaries, the returns
from which wo have not been able to ob
tain. The total has been estimated to be
as high as 40,000 men. women and children.
. . Occupied Prince's Houss.
Mair Whose Acts Furnished Text of "To the
Pers9n Sitting in Darkness" Defends His
Conduct Following the Siege of Peking
REV. W. S. AMENT -MAKES
REPLY TO MARK TWAINS
, ATTACK ON HIS METHODS
EDWIN H. CONGER, UNITED STATES MINISTER TO CHINESE EMPIRE, ARRIVES
HOME AND DISCUSSES ORIENTAL SITUATION AS WELL AS POLITICS IN IOWA
SAN FRANCISCO, FRIDAY^ |^Rm ;^26;
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
VOLUME LXXXIX— NO. 147.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.tions for the entertainment of President
McKinley and his party are being pushed
actively forward by the citizens of. Red
lands and if present indications count for
anything, this city will, on the 8th of May.
entertain a larger number of visitors than
at any time in its history.
General Passenger Agent J. J. Byrne of
"Welcome.; • .V :
| SAN JOSE," April 25.-The ; High School
grounds have been designated by the
decoration committee of | the carnival of
roses as. the place for receiving the nu
merous offerings of flowers for the decor
ation of the streets, and, here the wagon
loads - of ' blossoms from the neighboring
towns : as well as the city offerings will
b"e cared for until placed by the official
decorator. ; There are tons; of flowers
promised, and the appearance of the fields
and gardens throughout the county, justi
fies the belief i that there . will be plenty.
It • has been a late spring and the cold
weather has held back the blossoms.
Even the roses, which it had been feared
would.be gone, now. seem to be awaiting
thecarnival tlme.T - ¦ t/f"; " . ..
The athletic features of the carnival are
TONS OE FLOWEBS.
San Jose Will Give McKinley a Floral
J. Newmark, I. B. : Newton, John • H. ¦ Norton,"
General H. G. Otis, Henry W. CMelveny,
Adolph Petach, Valentino Peyton, G. W. Par
sons, W. C. Patterson, W. H. Perry, Mllo M.
Potter, Captain John B. Plater, W. P. Powers,
O. P. Fosey, Judge B. M. Ross, Ferd K. Rule,
JudKe B. N. Smith, Joseph Scott, General M.
H. pherman, C..W. Smith. CharleB Silent. Hon.
Herman Silver, C. H. Sessions, J. S. Slauson,
Mayor M. P.' Snyder, .W. R. Btaats, Judgft
C. N. Sterry, - P.' Q. Story, ! John E. Stearns,
"Willard Stlmson, Ezra. Stlmson, I. N. Van
Nuys, Judge R.,H. JEV Varlel, Charles H. Toll,
Judge D. K. Trask, Ben B. Ward, Robert D.
Wade, R. J: Waters, Dr. W. le Moyne Wills,
W. H. Workman,. Judge. OHn Wellborn, Charles
ModinI Wood, C. r>. Willard. ..A-^ G. Wells. W.
J. W'ashbum, Judge W.M. York., .
Prosperity has ruined more men than
poverty.
this there will be no demonstration at
Stanford so far as at present planned.
The students will be represented in the
San Jose floral parade by the University
Band and forty qjeces and by many stu
dents In private conveyances, who will
drive : down to San .Jose the morning of
the parade.. It is not Imely that any
fioats or floral pieces will be sent out
from the university officially. - ; •
WILL FIjOCK TO REDLA1TDS.
Ten Thousand People Will Welcome
'' . McKinley to This State.'
REDLANDS, Cal., April 25.— Prepara-
WASHINGTON. April 25.— Attorney
General Knox has announced that neither
he nor Mrs 1 . Knox will be of the Presi
dent's party on its tour through the West.
Mrs. Knox is not now In "Washington and
she is not expected to return there until
May 1, at the earliest.
With the President's Party.
Neitbsr He Nor Mrs. Knox Will Ba
EUOX WTLI. NOT GO.
REDDING. April " 25.— The committee
in charge of the reception to President
McKinley in Redding intends to see that
the .President Is well treated and that he
receives a good Impression, of this city
during his ten-minute stop on the morn
ing of May 2L The committee appointed
to attend to the details of the reception
of the President is composed of the
Mayor, the Judge of the Superior Court,
the presidents of all the political clubs
and representatives of other bodies. At
a meeting of the committee various sub
committees were appointed. One on In
vitation is to see that all lodges turn out
in bodies and that residents of all North
ern Californian towns are invited to be
present. The committee on decoration
will see that the depot and Its surround
ings are tastefully adorned. Another
committee la to provide music for the oc
casion. "W. D. Tillotson, president of the
Shasta Ohio Society, was selected to
greet President McKinley on behalf of
the -citlzena to ask the Executive for a
brief address. M. F. Eldridge, Constable
of Redding Township, will be marshal of
the day. . . »
REDUXNG/S PREPARATIONS.
It Will Make the Host of a Stop of
*""' -• Ten Minutes. ,:' * "¦
Route of drive— E. G. Judson (chairman). F.
A. Bradley, K. C. Wells and William Fowler.
Finance— F. P. Morrison (chairman), A. G.
Hubbard, Henry Fisher, W. T. GlUls. George
B.' Ellis. F. C. Hornby, T. M. Blythe, J. H.
Bohon. M. M. Phlnney, H. L. Graham. K. C.
Wells. J. J. Suess ar.d S. C. Haver.
Decoration and flower" — F. P. Meserve (chair
man). L. B. Avery. F. A. Wagner, D. C. Reed,
C. H. Stone. Miss Kite Sanborn. Les Wil
marth. Miss Lena Dajue. H. E. Wlckersham.
Miss Lucy Putnam. K. IX B. Newton, Misa
Frances Clarke, J. L. Speares, M. H. Fitz
simmons and E. B. Walte.
Governor Gape, In a ten-minute speech;
will deliver the address of welcome, after
which an Informal reception of an hour
will be held. Then a two hours' drive
will be taken tf> Smiley Heights and other
points of interest about the city.
The first carriage will be occupied by
President McKinlfry. Governor Gage and
E. S. Graham, president of the Redlands
Board of Trade. Then will follow the
members of the Cabinet and other digni
taries.
H. H. Sinclair, chairman of the general
committee on Presidential reception, has
announced the following sub-committees':
The President will arrive in Redlands at
9 o'clock a. m. from Arizona. He will
take his departure for Loa Angeles at
noon, making no stop until the .Southern
metropolis ¦ has been, reached. . He will be
accompanied by the State, Senatorial.
Congressional ind legislative committees.
Immediately upon their arrival at th»
Southern Pacific depot in this city the via
itors will be placed in carriages magnifi
cently decorated with Redlands' choicest
flowers and driven to the Casa Loma Ho
tel, where the welcoming exercises will be
held on the spacious verandas. ¦
Already at this early date hotel aeeora
modations are at a premium. Applica
tions from . scores of people prominent la
every walk of life are being dally received
by hotel proprietors asking for accommo
dations. Governor Gage and his staff, th«*
legislative committee headed by Speaker
C. W. Pendleton. Congressman James Mc-
Lachlan of Los Angeles for the California
Congressional delegation, ¦ and Senators
Thomas R. Bard and George C. Perkins
have already «-ngaged handsome quarters
at the Casa Loma Hotel for the occasion.
These gentlemen and their ladies are ex
pected to reach here on the evening prior
to the arrival of the Presidential train.
One old cattleman of the Jeffersonian
faith, residing in Arizona, a native of Ala
bama and a veteran of the Civil "War, has
offered to contribute five beeves if an old
fashioned barbecue would be held in honor
of the President. The offer has been de
clined with thanks.
the Santa Fe Railroad Company esti
mates that his road will bring at least 5000
people here to assist In extending a royal
welcome to the chief magistrate of the
nation and his official family. Assistant
General Passenger Agent' Luce of the
Southern Pacific says his company ex
pects to bring t» similar number to Red
lands on that date. Both the railroads
have made reduced rates, and people are
expected from all over Southern Califor
nia and Northern Arizona.
Redlands will be the first official stop of
the Presidential party In California, and
thousands of people, irrespective of party
affiliations, are looking forward to tha ar
rival of the distinguished visitors with an
unusual degree of pleasure. Many people
are offering assistance in decorating the
city or In doins anything that the local
committees may suggest.
being successfully pushed,- ¦ and there
premises to be a large -attendance . of
automobiles in -the races of May 14 and
15. --The manager of -the locomobile . com
pany and the president of the San Fran
cisco Automobile Club are in San Jose
i to-day making arrangements for the en
try of the. club as a. whole in the races
and in the illuminated parade. Orlando
Stevens.V the official director .of athletic
sports^, has . arranged that a. banquet shall
be gi\fn the visiting automobilists at the
Lamolle House on the evening of the 14th.'
They; will be : regarded as the guests of
the Garden: City wheelmen and the carni
val committee^ and plans will be matured
for. their comfort. ¦
"Arthur Adams and Tom Spillane, presi-
fessor J. A, Foshay, L. A. Groff, W. M.' Gar
land, "John- J. J. Gospcr, -,L. ¦ A. Grant. M. L.
Groff, G. J. Griffith, J. M. Griffith, C. F.
Guthridge,. Harry. Gray, .J.-..M-. Guinn, W.-L.
Hardison, William A. Harris, I. W. Hellman,
R. H. Herron, W.'S. Hook. Godfrey Holter
hoff Jr...W. J. Hunsaker. r Colonel W. H. Hola
blrd.-H.rJevne, O. T. Johnson, E. P. Johnson,
AV.>G. : Kerckhoff, Frank W. King, Major E.
F. C. Klokke, James C. Kays, General. O. H.
Lagrange, ;S. B. Lewis, General C. F. A.
l.a<5t, Bradner. W. Lee, G. W. Luce. H. C. Llch
tenberg, ex-Governor, . H.'.'-H. Markham, H,;S.
McKee,'->Y.\ A.' Morgan, J. M. C. Marble, Gran
vlHe'D.VMacGowani'^James McLachlan, John
A. Muir,, S.f-.P. -IMu'lforiJ,^ George A. .Montgom
ery,"'Gilbert iMunson.'D.M. McGarry, Captain
R. Randolph 1 Miner.- H: Newmark, J. R. New
berry,'Walter S.-'Newhall, A. H.Naftzger, M.
Those Who Will Look Out for the
- f_i-' President's Party. ,
SANTA CRUZ, v April 25.--rThe following
are the committees 1 appointed at a meet
ing of the Presidential committee to ar
range for the. McKinley reception: ''.
Finance— W. H.' Bias, William . Hoffman, H.
E.- Irish, S. Leask and S. J. Strauss. -
Big Trees— Mayor, Parker and J. "W. For
gens. * •- - • .
-„ -Decorations— W. M.- Gardner.- - ¦
.- Itinerary — Hon; W. T. Jeter; J. F. Coope and
A. A. Morey. . ¦ - ¦ - '¦ . '
Reception— Major J. P. Parker, Hon. W. T.
Jeter, Major Frank McLaughlln. O. J. .Lincoln.
Judge L. F. Smith. F. D. Baldwin. F. I W.
Billings, H. S. Deming. F. A. Hlhn, J. W.
Llnscott. J. Q. Packard, A. ..A. Taylor, Dun
can McPherson, A. A.) Morey, J. w. Forgens,
D. C. Clark. J. F. Coope, J. Era Logan, Dr.
B. Knight, J. S. Colline.-H.-F. Kron,- Charles
Steinmetz, Ed Martin, J.- L.- Wright, <S. A-
Palmer, S. J. Strauss.-'S. Leask, E. H. Garrett,
Rev. E. D. McCreary, Rev. E. H. Hayden,
Rev. Father McXamee, "W...H. Lamb, Frank
Roberts, Henry Willey, W. H. Bias, Rev. J.
R. Knodell, W. W. Wilson, Dr. H. H. Clark.
Dr. F. W. Bliss. Dr. C. L. Anderson, C. B.
Younger. C. E. Lindsay,' J. -J. C. Leonard, M.
C. Hopkins, Ralph Miller,'' D. W. Johnston,
Frank Mattison, Dr. C. W.. Doyle, Frank Hoff
mann, D. Jonas, H. C. ¦ Cooper, H. E. Irish,
H. E. Cox, Dr. J. A. Maguire, B. K. Knight,
C. M. Cassln, W. D. Haslam. W.-R. Springer.
H. "H. Miller. E. S. West,' Milton Besse, Harry
Wanzer, A. C. Snyder, C. D. . i Hinkle,
Dr.- Page Brown, A. D. Perra, V J. T.
Lowry. F. W. Stansfleld. Frank Helms, C. E.
Fagen, Charles Klein.VRev. C. C. Herriott, J.
G. Tanner. W. C. Byrne." j.' P. Twist;- H. D.
Smith. John Matheson.: George Staffler,-F. W.
Swanton. W. M. .Gardeni\G.J:W. Heard, E. D.
Perry, Dr. F. E. Morgan, . Harry Towne, C.
M. Lewis. A. Cohen; T. W. 'Kelly, James Mc-
Neil, >C. B. Younger Jr.. G. , Bowman. Dr. W.
R. Llnscott, Frank Menefee. Rev. C. O. Til
lotson. H. E. Makinney, J. H. Skirm, C. E.
Greenfield, L. J. Dake and Major Gerrard. .- ;
The following named have been ap
pointed to represent neighboring towns:
Watsonville— W. R. Pprter, George Radcliff,
SANTA CRUZ COMMITTEES.,';
Ed Brown and Sons, $25; Mrs. Eleanor Martin,
$25; George- W.- Hume, $25; Bowers Rubber Com
pany, $25: R. ¦ R. Thompson,- -JiO; California
Hotel, $30: Golden West Hotel, $30; Ames &
Harris. $50. Total, $740. ,
will mingle -with quantities of flowers ¦- in
the street' decorations. * . \: :• - ¦-,¦¦¦¦ -v
A peculiarly appropriate schemed of
street '¦ decoration win • be - carried -ontrln
Old Monterey. From the entrance to . the
old town on the Del Monte side to the op
posite end of Alvarado street there? will
be a continuous succession- of - cypress
arches and inside 'these arches 500 -school
children will stand to strew flowers in
the path of the- President as he passes
through the town. —The school. children of
Pacific Qrove will •welcome the President
in the same graceful manner. and in both
towns .the youngsters 4are undergoing
careful training for, the partHhey are to
play in the great events '¦ ¦;¦*> - > -.
The management of the Hotel del -Monte
will make elaborate preparations- for the
entertainment of the distinguished guest
and the exterior of the house as well as
the lobby . and main j corridors will be
handsomely decorated . with '. flags and
other national emblems. 'All the plans
are not perfected as yet and will not be.
Manager Junker says, before the end of
the present week. -'• r\. .¦-:-'-'¦.¦ - :f /'-'
The entire programme as at present
formulated is >as follows:'..-. ....... •- -
The President and' party' will arrive at
the Hotel del Monte at, 2. a: m. . on Satur
day, May 11, and will remain in their
special train until after. breakfast. At 10
o'clock the party will -be. driven around
the famous seventeen-mile drive in six
in-hand tally-ho coaches and will be re
ceived on the way in Monterey and Pa
cific Grove by the reception committee of
citizens of the two < towns. '\ About 1000
school children will throw flowers in, the
streets over which, the Presidential party
passes. Returning to Del Monte tfhe party
will have luncheon about 2 p. m. , At 3
o'clock Troop C, N. G. C, a committee
of grand officers of 'the G. A. R., the
Supervisors of Monterey County and the
Mayors and Common- Councils of Monte
rey and Pacific Grove Will wait upon the
President to escort him to Pacific Grove,
where he will meet the veterans of the
G. A. R. in closed session. At 4 p. m. the
session will adjourn and tjie President
will ascend the platform of the floral pa
vilion and speak very briefly to the as
sembled multitude, after which he re
turn to the Hotel del Monte. ¦
If the President attends church on Sun-
WHEN President McKinley visits
the Union Ironworks to witness
the launching of the battleship
which Is destined to bear the
name of liU native State he will
receive from the hands of the
workingmeh a magnificent ftsti
rnonial of their esteem". It will be a gold
plate of Invitation to the launching. of
the Ohio. So quietly did the. employes of
the institution whicJi sent forth the Ore-
Kon arrange their plans for presenting to
the head of the nation a memorial worthy
of preservation that not even their em
ployer was aware of their intentions.
When the President reaches the Iron
works* wharf, on . the morning of the
launching he will be met by a deputation
of the workingmen and escorted , through
a column of men standing four deep 1000
feet in length to a platform erected for
the occasion, where., the presentation
speech will be delivered' and the token
presented. The iron workers will have
entire charge of the ceremony and the
orator who will make the presentation
will be chosen from their number.
The plate, which is being made; at
Shreve's from plans drawn by a commit
tee from the workers ' themselves, will
when completed be a truly magnificent
affair. It will cost eldse ; to $500 and
will be composed almost entirely of Cali
fornia gold. It was at first Intended to
have it set with diamonds, -but as dia
monds are not a production of the Golden
West they were excluded from the design.
The plate is surmounted by a golden
eagle, flanked by the national. emblem and
the bear flag of California. In one cor
ner is the shield of this State and in the
other that of Ohio. Occupying the central
position is a representation of the battle
ship Ohio guarding the Golden Gate. Sh3
is lying between LJme Point and Fort
Point, both of which are shown in the en
graving.
His Majesty's ship Condor Is now on
her way up the coast from Valparaiso
and she will be in the harbor here during
the week of the President's stay in San
Francisco. It is probable that her ofllcers
will be given a place in some of the pub-
He functions of that week. The Condor
was Lord' Charles Beresford'sship at the
bombardment of Alexandria, and in that
engagement she earned the praise of the
admiral in command by the splendid work
which she did.
It has been decided definitely that the
citizens' banquet will be held in the ladies'
grillroom in the Palace Hotel. A. A. "Wat
kins, chairman of the banquet committee,
called a meeting of the committee yester
day afternoon and the result was the de
i-fsion mentioned.
The question has been hanging fire for
eo long that it was blocking the progress
of the other arrangements and it was
found necessary to arrive at some conclu
sion without further delay. The grill
room will seat four hundred and fifty
and the question to be considered was
whether that number would be sufficient
to include all who would wish to come at
$20 a plate. Acceptances came In with
such rapidity at first that it was thought
four hundred and fifty would soon be
reached, but the committee finally decid
ed that number would be large enough tor
any banquet and so chose the Palace la
dies' grillroom as the place.
The other arrangements of the banquet
will progress rapidly now that the place
has been decided upon.
Through the general plan of welcome
and entertainment for the President and
his party is being woven a series of lesser
entertainments to Individuals of the party,
to members of the Ohio delegation and
to distinguished visitors, from other States
who will be present during the time of
festivity. Twenty-two Congressmen from
Ohio are expected to come "West with
Governor Nash, and these will be enter
tained by the Union League With Gover
nor Nash and his staff and the Governors
of Oregon, Washington, Nevada, Utah
and Colorado, who will be here. In fact
the Union League vrill keep open house
for the whole week of the President's
visit and every night some distinguished
cuest will be enteitained. The League
has issued the following announcement
of its banquet;
Dear Sir: The Union Leasrue Club will en
tertain the President and members of his Cab
inet at a luncheon at the clubrooms. Palace
Hotel. Saturday, May 13. 1901, from 1 to 4
o'clock In the afternoon. The luncheon will be
oonflned exclusively to members of the club.
Please Eirn and return enclosed card of ac
ceptance at your earliest convenience and not
later than May 11, 1901. as covers will be laid
for those only from whom acceptances have
been received and to whom tickets have
tie^ri Irsued. Tickets entitling members to
KeaiB at the luncheon will be issued in the
order of receipt cf acceptances, and seats at
table will correspond with numbers upon tlck
cts. The suit of $7 60 to pay the expenses ol
reception must accompany each acceptance.
Tickets may be had by applying to the secre
tary at the clubrooms.' Very truly yours,
GEORGE p. CLARK,
President • Union Leasue Club.
April 20. 1901. . i. •• « - V - ¦ •
The ladies, ot the^Ohlo Society met last
evening in the residence. of Mrs. Mary 1*
Mozart. 1424 McAllister." street,"' to become
acquainted ' with each' other and with the
newer menibers acd, ta. discuss plans, for
the part they are to take in the general
scheme of. entertialnment. meeting
was called by' Mrs. Mozart. ! ¦:¦•;.
The Missouri Society will tender \ a ¦ re
ception to Secretary of the Interior E. A.
Hitchcock Friday- evening, May, 17, in the
parlors of the Young 1 Men's Christian As
sociation building-. The ¦ Secretary is \ a
Missourlan and the local Society intends
to make the reception — &. characteristic
one. The rooms where the.reception is to
be held are to J>e -tastefully; decorated. A
programme will -be rendered, speeches will
be made and refreshments will be served.
THE STTBSCBIPTIQNS.
Money Coming in Steadily, but Still
" Much Moris Is Needed.
Although money Is coming in- every day
to the finance committee, still more than
one- half of the" desired amount : remains
to be subscribed, ; 'acd the time'is.short in
which to get it The decoration of the
streets will start in a few days and as
plans mature,. unless the subscriptions be
come more active, the expenditures will
overhaul them. '.I' >., ¦
For the twenty-four hours .-• preceding
noon Wednesday the finance committee
report the following subscriptions:-.
James D. Phelan. $2S0; San Francisco Dairy
Exchange, $100; California Powder Works ilOO*
Miller & Lux, flOO: F. M. Smith, $50; Pacific
Vinegar Works. $50; Raphaels' Incorporated.
SSO; Roos Bros., $50; Arthur Rodders, JZS; Hunt
& Morton. J26; G«oree T. Marj'e Jr., $5;
superintendent California Market, $25; City of
Paris $25; Georre Haas & Pon, $25: S. N.
Wood & Co.. $23; Kuhlman, Salz & Co., $25;
O'Connor, Moffatt & Co., tS. Total, J975.
The following- subscriptions were re
ceived for the day ending at noon yester
day:
John W. Mackay. $2S0; Roth & Co.. $25; HI1
bert Bros.. $25: Tivoli Theater, $25; Olympia
Theater. J25; Central Theater, Jli; Columbia
Theater. K5; Morosco'8 Grand Opera-bouse,
S2S; Orpheum Theater, $25; California Theater,
$25; Chutes Company. $25; Alcazar Theater, $25;
Idea Quietly Worked Up by Employes
of Union Iron -Works and Design; Made
bv Committee From^Their Own Number
Citizens' Bm<^pm0i0M^my^
Ladi£s ? Grift i ¦ of /the Palace Hotel,
A¥hich:||ll Mold Four Hundred and Fifty
H. M. S. Condor Now on Her Way From
the South Coast—She Will Remain in the
Harbor During the Presidential Welcome
BRONZED AND BRAWNY IRON WORKERS WILL PRESENT TO THE PRESIDENT A PLATE
OF GOLD AS AN INVITATION TO THE LAUNCHING OF THE BIG BATTLESHIP OHIO
If You Have Dyspepsia
6«ad no money, but wrlta ¦ r-r.bOoop. Racine. Wli,
toxlST.for six bottles of Dr. Snoop's Restorative;
express paid. If cured.pay $5.50 — If not. tt is free*
Twenty', dollars, including berth and
meals, for a' five days', trip on the elegant
steamship Corona, sailing j every r Friday
for San Pedro and Los Angeles, calling at
Santa Cruz, Monterey, Port Harford, Gav
iota; Santa ; Barbara Ventura ! and . other
interesting points, allowing time. for pas
sengers to "•go ashore,* arriving- at' ; -San
Francisco ..Wednesday : . morning. ;
Coast : Steamship Company.- office 4 -New
Montgomery street, aader Palace Hotel. •¦•
Cheaper Than Staying at Home.
The decorations both, here and in Mon
terey will be very elaborate. Valuable
prizes have been offered for the , best de
signs . for;/store fronts and - residences.
Flae3 will fly upon every building in both
towns and the national colors-^-in stream
ers, Venetian masts and other designs—
PACIFIC GROVE, April 25.—Arrange
ments for the reception of President Mc-
Kinley and his party by Pacific Grove and
Monterey are nearly complete and all that
remains to be done is to put the decora
tions in place and to arrange accommo
dations for the immense crowd that will,
it is expected, flock here on the two days
of the President's visit. Special trains
will be run from Santa Cruz, Watsonville,
Holllster and Salinas to bring people here
on Saturday. May 11, and it is expected
that fully 10,000 people will avail , them
selves" of the opportunity to see the Chief
Executive "of the nation. Salinas will co
operate with Monterey and Pacific Grove
in doing honor to tiie President and the
present plan is that several leading citi
zens of Salinas will act on the reception
committee here. Troop C, N. G. Cl, of
Salinas, the:- crack 'military organization
of - this .' section of -the State, has- been
chosen to act- as "escort to-.the President
from the Hotel del Monte to-Pacific Grove,
where he will attend the Grand Army ses
sion - and, afterward address the assem
bled people from ths floral pavilion that
is to be erected especially for the occa
sion in the park of El Carmelo Hotel.
the Veterans.
Day's Sightseeing and a Speech, to
PLANS OF. PACIFIC GBOVE.
W. R. Radclitt. Ed White. Fred KUburn »nd
J. J. Morey.
Soquel— J. D. Estey, H. V. Ansell and C.
V. Anthony.
Felton— William Russell. Joseph Ball, T. L.
Bell and A- D. Duffey. • . ' ¦¦ ¦
Boulder Creek— S. H. Rambo, H. Mlddleton
and W. S. Rodgrers.
Ben Lomond— H. F. Anderson and B. Dickin
son,
Glenwood— William ' Martin. Happy Valley—
W. H. Galbralth.- Highland— W. H. Aiken.
Coast— J. D. Enrlrht. Scotts Valley— D. M.
Locke.'". Aptes-r-T. J. 'Leonard. ¦ *
Homer l»aughl!n (chairman), M..N. Avery,
Judge M. T. • Allen, -James H,i Adams, • Han
cock Banning-.' Walter ¦ J. ¦• Barnwell. -• Senator
Thomas -R.. Bard, ex-Go verngrJ: L.. Beverldge;
Judge J."D.:Bicknen, N? B.vBladcstone,-Li.> - W.
Blinn, C. B.;3oothe, W. F. BotSford, General
E.>Bouton, Major .W. II. Bonsall.'F.W. Braun,
Dr. Norman Bridge. W. C. Bluett,' J.J. Byrne,
A. C. Billcke, R. W.' Burnham, . Harry Chand
ler. A. B. Cass. E. P. Clark, F. M. Coulter,
Captain F. J. Cressey, J. Roes Clark, Kaspare
Conn, B. <!•.* Craig,' . James Cuzner, Major * J.
W. F. Diss, Charles R. Drake, "> Charles C.
Davis, Senator Del Valle,' H. M. Dobbins,
Judge H. C. Dillon,, Major J. A. Donnell. I.
B. Dockweller, ' Hon. I Fred" Eaton. E.' T. Earl,
J. M. Elliott, *hn F. Francis, E. S.; Field,
Frank P. Flint, Charles Forman,;. Dr. E. W.
Fleming, • D." Freeman, H.'- J. Fleishman, Pro-
LOS ANGELES. ! April 25.— The Presi
dent ; will see the fiesta parade in : this
city. It. will be new to him and to the
majority of his party. The finances of the
fiesta are still short $3000, but that will be
made up and the opportunity of. Los An
geles to make a fine show for the.enter
tainment of the Presidential party will be
improved. Architect John P. Krempel has
presented - plans calling, for two immense
grand stands to be built in front and in
the park by the side of the City Hall. . One
of these stands will accommodate 600 peo
ple, the other 400. In front and in the
center of the largest stand will be placed
the Presidential reviewing stand. To the
left and six feet away will be the press
stand., The music committee. has .arranged
for seven bands in the floral parade, two
bands in the reception parade, one to play
twoihours at the hotel after the'Presi
dential party arrives, three bands to play
three hours for four nights and two morn
ings. ;:, -¦ ..-• • ¦¦¦-.'¦ ;-' ..'.. ..¦"'• '- 3 •'-.- '¦•
The names of the members of the Presi
dent's general reception, committee, as
announced last evening, are as follows:
Lend Its Interest.
Los Angeles Carnival Season Will
WILL SEE FIESTA PARADE.
day he will probably again visit Pacific
Grove, for the - only Methodist church
hereabouts is in this city.
Frank. Covey^- superintendent of the
Palo Alto Stock, Farm, has offered to Sup
ply'carriages'to'drive the Presidential
partyr through'' the " celebrated, farm and
stables. ?""On. the -return : from -,, the. drive
President! McKinley, will visit the. univer
sity buildings and r address" the .students
in the large 'Assembly Hall. X Further than
The* details of the programme have not
yet been : settled upon, though President
Jordan has apnointed a'committee of five
students to look after the undergraduates'
share in . the ..reception. •>• : The committee
consists of C. M. . Marfock, president of
the student body,' who is chairman,*- and
the presidents of the four classes. ; W. M.
Parkin : represents ' the. seniors, -A. : *-E."
Cooley the juniors. C.'. A. -Naramore the
sophomores : and; 'W." C. Wood the fresh?
men:. The citizens : of - Palo Alto have ap
pointed G. Charles : Gardiner, F.' L. : , Ma
gnire'and,J..R.-. Parkinson a committee
to confer . and •work with the committee
of students from the university.' .". > :/-
It-happens that - the day of hi3 visit.
May, 14, is . a . university holiday In mem
ory, of Leland Stanford Jr. Thus the Stu
dents v.will be j free * from .university work
andwillhave the time necessary to make
fit preparation for the' event. . .-¦¦-,¦ .'.. • "•¦::¦:¦.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, April 25.—
Preparations are being made to give Pres
ident McKinley and his party a royal- wel
come, when < he visits Stanford University
next month. .' _••.•:•>. -¦...- :::.«—:
and Received at University.
The carnival benefit meet has been post
poned -until the sixteen-hour race, two
hours a night, has been run at Sacramen
to, 1 ip prder : that. a, better class of entries
maybe secured, v After the . Sacramento
meet all of the professionals now there
willrcome to San Jose and begin training 1
for the - carnival races. ~ . •. ¦ - ¦ v • . . •
STANFORD STUDENTS' WELCOME
Visitors to Be Driven.' Around Farm
dent and chairman of the Associated Cy
cling Clubs, have notified Mr. Stevens
that the Olympic Club -wheelmen would
be here in force. Stevens is communicat
ing : with twelve different bicycle clubs,
and all have ' promised to send large dele
gations, to participate in the parade and
races/ ' ? • ' -- ¦ -• ¦ : ¦ -. " • , -.-..-
- . ¦..,.— ¦ ¦¦>¦¦ ;,. ¦¦ ....... ¦¦-¦.,¦.,—..;•-¦ - v —-.->..-.--
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,; FRIDAY; APRIL 26, 1901.
OFFICERS OF THE CITIZENS' EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE OF ARRANGEMENTS.
2
Balbriggari
Underwear for
Summer Wear
Isn't it about time to change to a summer weight
in your underwear? It looks as if the mild summer
weather \yas with us to stay until nex fall. We
have been preparing for your wants in this In? for
some time past, and now offer as a strong value
summer-weight balbriggan underwear in flesh, blue,
tan, ecru and ox-blood. The garments are form-
fitting: and will wear — well, you will consider them
$1.00 a Suit
: Air size5--can fit ahybodv with any where's;
near norma; measurements. D d you know that we
carry the largest stock of men's underwear of any
house on this Coast?
¦ Out-of-town orders filled— write us.
718 Market Street^Some people are charitable only when
they have a 'large audience.
NEW YORK, April 25.-Kldder, Pea
body & Co. have notified the Boston Ex
change that more than two-thirds of the
Boston and Montana Copper stock and
the Butte and Boston Copper stock have
consented to the consolidation of the two
companies with the Amalgamated CopDer
Company and the brokers have requested
that the receipts for the stock turned in to
thtm be placed on the unlisted depart
ment of the Stock Exchange.,
Combine of Copper Companies.
LONDON, April 25.— Jack Roberts, who
was pitted against Billy Smith in the fight
before the National Sporting Club Mon
day that resulted in Smith's death, and
Bethusen, manager of the ; club, together
with the referee, timekeeper and four sec
onds, were arraigned in the Bow-street
Police Court to-day on the charge of man
slaughter. The magistrate remanded the
accused on their own recognizances in
£100 each.
Nat Smith, brother of Billy Smith, said
to a representative of the Associated
Press to-night:
"The National Sporting Club Is deter
mined, if possible, to secure an autopsy,
for we are sure that apoplexy was not the
cause of death. It is certain that my
brother was given something to drink at
the end of the seventh round, and after
that he was utterly useless. He had the
fight won when he began to stagger about
the ring and fell unconscious. He never
got up again. It is a. difficult matter to
prove, as everybody has been interested
in hushing up the scandal, but I shall
have my say at the inquest, if ft. is pos
fcibie."
FOUL PLAY MAY HAVE
CAUSED SMITH'S DEATH
MANILA, April 25.— It is reported that
the rebel general Cailles ordered eight
American soldiers to \ be shot April 21,
the same day on which he condemned to
death Colonel Sanchio, one of his staff
officers, and Senor de la Rosa, a weal
thy native who had refused to contri
bute to the Insurgent fund.- Sanchio es
caped. The others were tortured and
then butchered.
Cailles, who is now lurking In the
mountains of Tayabas province, Luzon,
proclaims himself dictator and successor,
of Aguinaldo, and announces his inten
tion to continue a war of extermination.
It Is said Cailles was born In Pondi
cherry, India, his father being a French
man and his mother a Hindoo. It Is also
asserted that he formerly registered as«
a French subject in Manila, He is a typi
cal guerrilla leader, cruel, able, reckless
and unrelenting. v ' . ':.; ¦
Aguinaldo denources him, disclaiming
responsibility for the previous atrocities
of Cailles, and declares that he never
issued orders contrary to the rules of
war..
Captain James H. McRae, with Com
panies G and P of the Third Infantry
recently encountered a . force of Insur
gents near Norzagaray, province of Balu
can, killed five of , them and captured
twenty-five rifles.*, Soon afterward Gen
eral Morres, with six men, came to Nor
zagaray and surrendered. Later General
Morales surrendered. -. Many ¦ more sur
renders are expected before May 1, when
the limit of the amnesty expires.
Commissary Sergeant* John <Meston
charged with complicity in the commis
sary frauds, .whqge trial ended Anril 15,
has been sentencl^to dishonorable dis
charge and to two years' imprisonment.
The sentences of the other sergeants and
clerks similarly implicated will probably
be greater. • /
Lieutenant William Patterson of the
Coast Artillery, formerly a Philadelphia
lawyer, is to be tried by court-martial
for misappropriating the company funds.
Brutal Leader Proclaims
Himself Aguinaldo's
Successor.
CARLES TAKES
CHIEF'S PLACE
In response the President expressed his
pleasure at meeting the delegation and
desired through them to extend his kind
est wishes to the people of the Island.
He said that his interest in Cuba always
had been great and he made reference to
messages sent to Congress concerning the
island. Its welfare always would be the
subject of his most earnest consideration
He congratulated the members of the del
egation upon being members of the Cu
ban constitutional convention. He said it
was a high honor, and it fell to the lot
of but few men to have the opportunity to
frame a government for a republic Con
cerning the object of the delegates' visit
the President said he would confer with
the Secretary, of War and the Secretary
having an intimate knowledge of the sit
uation, would confer with the delegation.
"WASHINGTON. April 25.— The Cuban
delegation from the convention framing
a constitution for the new island repub
lic saw President McKinley twice to-day,
once in the early part of the day, when
there were expressions of friendship, and
again at night, when the members of the
delegation were the guests of honor at a
state dinner at the White House. The
real business which brought the delega
tion here was not transacted, the Presi
dent in the forenoon interview at the
White House ' saying to the delegates
that he would confer with the Secretary
of War who would act as his representa
tive In conferences over the Cuban situa
tion. The delegation and -Secretary Root
were closeted for some hours in the after
noon in a discussion of the relations of
the islands to the United States.' Secrecy
was observed as to the conference, the
statement being made that after results
were reached some news as to the con
clusions might be made public >
Matters of importance were not touched
upon in the interview between the Presi
dent and the delegates, the convention be
ing almost wholly informal. Senor Ca
pote, in his address to the President,
Epoke of the desire of the Cubans to have
the closest possible relations with the
United States. He said that the United
States soldiers and Cubans had fought
side by side and driven Spain from the
island, and the ties between the two
countries were bound in blood. The re
lationship, therefore, between the coun
tries always should be most amicable, and
closer than that which usually exists be
tween nations. He also spoke of the grat
itude which Cuba felt for the United
States for the assistance rendered in her
liberation. "
Delegation From Island
Is Honored in
"Washington.
CUBANS VISIT
THE PRESIDENT
Not Subject to Selection.
The act of 1S97 describes land which may be
selected under its provisions as "vacant land
open to settlement." To be vacant land must
be unoccupied. To be open for settlement land
must, among other things, not to' be known to
crntaiin valuable mineral deposits. Land which
Is occupied by another or . which is known to
contain valuable mineral deposits is therefore
not subject to selection under said act. It is
the general rule that applicants for public land
must show that the land applied for Is of the
character contemplated by the law under which
it is sought. There is no reason why this rule
should not obtain in proceedings under the act
of 1S97. and there is nothing in that act itself
relieving the applicant thereunder from making
such showing. As has been said in various
decisions of the department this law consti
tutes a standing offer on the part of the Gov
ernment for the exchange of lands. In this
offer the lands to be exchanged are described.
Those to be relinquished by a individual must
be within a forest reservation, and those *to
be taken by him must be vacant and open to
settlement. It is incumbent upon one who
wishes to take advantage of this standing oiler
to bring himself within the terms thereof, not
only as to the land he proposes to relinquish,
but also as to that which he proposes to take
in exchange. It is. his duty to Inform himself
as to the character and condition of the land
he proposes to select and to honestly . disclose
the facts thus ascertained. ¦ •
In bo far as existing conditions appear from
Land Orfice records, that is, whether a se
lected tract Is of lands to which settlement
laws have been extended and whether the same
is free from record appropriation, claim or
reservation, no showing by the selector in re
spect thereto need be made, for the reason that
officers of the Government can and must take
notice of public records. But as to conditions
In existence, or the non-existence of which
cannot be determined by anything appearing
upon the public records and as to which officers
of the Government must depend entirely upon
outside evidence, that is. whether a selected
tract Is occupied by others and known to be
valuable for minerals, it is manifestly neces
sary that required evidence should be furnished
by the selector. Officers of the Government
cannot be expected to know -whether the land
selected under the act Is vacant and not known
to be valuable for minerals, and in these re
spects subject to selection.
Must Submit Proof With Filing.
Such expectation would be impossible of
realization. For instance, the Visalia land
district, in which the lands in controversy are
situated, comprises the greater portion of the
mining counties of California and embraces i
an area of over 7,000,000 acres. Of this area j
over 500,000 acres of unreserved surveyed public I
mined by conditions existing at the time when
all requirements necessary to obtaining title
have been compiled with by the selector, and
no change in such conditions, subsequently oc
curring, can affect his rights. That the ad
ministration of the act in question falls within
the jurisdiction of the Land Department there
can be no doubt. (Bishop of Nesqually vs.
Gibbon, 158 U. S-, 155, 167.) Selections under
the act are therefore subject to examination
by officers of the Land Department at any
time up to the issue of the patent. This ex
amination is had for the purpose of ascertain
ing: and declaring- whether or not the selector,
by compliance with all necessary requisites,
has entitled himself to a patent, and not for
the purpose of determining whether or not
these officers will consent to the selection. If
examination, whether had at the instance of
third parties claiming against the selections of
ex-parte proceedings, discloses that the selector
has fully compiled with all the necessary re
quisites and has honestly and correctly dis
closed, title to the land relinquished and th-i
condition and character of land selected, and
that the records of the Land Department dis
close no obstacle to relinquish or selection,
trie duty of the land officers is clear— they must
patent the land to the selector and they have
no discretion to do otherwise. The rights of
the selector, however, attach and take effect
at the point of time when he has done all that
is incumbent upon him to do in the premises
and are not postponed tdthe time when that
fact is ascertained and declared by the land
officers.
censure, would be manifestly unjust, be
cause 14 Hung Chaug and Prince Ching
had been urging the withdrawal for a
month. However, the notice is so brief
that neither plenipotentiary regards it as
a reflection upon his actions, thinking
that the court means that the powers did
not make strong enough representations.
As a matter of fact if. any reflection upon
the plenipotentiaries were intended Li
Hung Chang and Prince Ching would be
humiliated before the foreigners and could
no longer be considered representatives.
The Germans killed in connection with
th«» expedition were members of a scout
ing party who went far beyond the border.
With tha exception of the formal order-
Ing off of the Chinese troops the only
comment made by the court is a brief
notice in the Official Gazette to the effect
that bad strong- enough manifestations
been made through the plenipotentiaries
the troops would have been ordered to
withdraw before. This, if considered a
PEKDCG. April 25.— The expedition from
Paotingfu nas been entirely called off and
the French troops have been ordered to
return to their original station. The only
casualties Buffered by the entire expedi
tion were two German soldiers killed.
Expedition to Paotingfu
Suffers a Loss of
Two Germans.
ALLIED TROOPS
ARE CALLED IN
Clarke appealed to the Secretary of the
Interior in each case and it is upon these
appeals that decisions are now rendered.
Jn oral arguments recently made and in
papers which have been recently filed it
is, admitted by opposing claimants in each
case that mining developments upon the
lands in controversy have now been car
ried to the extent which has developed
beyond question that the lands are of
Rreat value for their ell deposits and that
tlie mineral claimants are in actual pos-'
session of them and daily extracting- large
quantities of oil. Many similar cases are
pending In the General Land Office, and
by common consent among the various
claimants the two cases 'decided to-day
were made test cases. In the decision, it
is held:
Points of the Decision.
First— That where a person making: a selec
tion under the act of June 4, 1S97, has com
piled with all the terms and conditions neces
«ut to entitle him to a patent to selected lands
h<« acquires vested interest therein and is to be
regarded as the equitable owner thereof.
Second — That the right to patent under the
•ct, one* vested, is. for most purposes, equiva
lent of a patent issued, and when in fact Is
sued the patent dates back to the time when
•the right to it became fixed and takes effect
as of that date.
Third— That questions respecting- class and
character of selected lands are to be deter-
In the other case a forest reserve selec
tion was made by Clarke December 14,
3FS9, and was accompanied by proof that
the land selected was then non-mineral
in character, but was not accompanied by
any proof of its non-occupancy. No sub
sequent proofs were made by Clarke re
specting- the condition or character of the
land in either case. The oil companies
respectively filed a protest against
Clarke's selections, alleging that at the
time of selection land was occupted
and known to be valuable for its deposits
of mineral oil. The Commissioner of the
General Land Office a few months since
took up these selections and protests and
directed that a hearing be had thereon to
determine the condition and character of
the land selected, and In the course of his
decision held that in determining- the
character of the land discoveries of oil
made subsequent to the date of selections
could be considered.
The Secretary's decision holds that
Clarke had no title to the lands first re
linquished and that ins rights, if any, in
thatt-case are -wholly dependent upon the
second selection. With the first selection
Clarke filed proof to the effect that the
lands selected were unoccupied, non
mlnerai and otherwise subject to settle
ment. Ko proof showing non-occupancy
and the non-mineral character of the land
was filed with the second selection.
Bights of the Claimants.
C. W. Clarke is a forest lieu land se
lector in each case, and the Kern Oil Com
pany Is a mineral claimant in one case
and the Gray Eagle Oil Company In ths
other. In one case Clarke made a lieu
land selection December 8, 1899, basins the
selection upon the rtlinqulshment of land.s
to which he claimed to have obtained
title from the State of California. 'Janu
ary 13, 1900, he again selected the same
iands. basing the selection Upon the re
linquishment of otht,r lands.
-—ALL BUREAU. 1406 G STREET,
/[* N- TV., WASHINGTON, April 23.
(I The two oil land cases from the
V^»7 Kern River oil district, which
have attracted great attention in
California, were deciJed to-day by Secre
tary of the Interior- Hitchcock. Under
•public land laws oil as found in the earth
is a mineral and oil lands are subject to
location and acquisition under the mining
laws. This contest has been between
mineral claimants, who assert a right to
the lands under the placer mining law,
and forest reserve lieu land claimants,
who claimed title under forest reserve
Uen selections made under the act of Con-
BreES of June 4. 18y4. This act provides
t hat owners of titled land within a forest
reserve may surrender such lands to the
United States and select in its place an
• qual quantity of "vacant public land
«-5w?n to settlement." The purpose of this
provision Js twofold: First, to enable
those whose lands are placed in a state
of isolation by reason of their being en
tirely surrounded by a forest reservation,
to better their situation by taking lands
in some other part of the public domain,
where they will have advantages conse
quent upon increasing settlement and de
velopment of the country. Second, to en
able the Government to acquire exclusive
ownership and control of all lands within
reservations so as to more effectively pre
serve timber against injury by fire and
depredation and to better protect and
maintain sources of water supply, which
are essential to the utilization of lands
in arid and semi-arid regions.
It is thus made evident that these lands
are not now subject to selection in lieu
of lands In the forest reservation and that
further delay in the disposition of these
selections to afford an opportunity' to file
an affidavit showing- that they are vacant
and open to settlement would be of no
benefit to the \ selector, i Each decision
holds, therefore, that the forest reserve
lieu land selector has never perfected his
selection and that the lands now being
admitted to be of great mineral value he
cannot be permitted to perfect selections
because to do so would be to permit the
selection of mineral lands. The selections
are accordingly rejected. " ,
Ordinarily, as between the Government and
selector there would seem to be no good
ground for refusing to permit him to submit
the necessary .proof at a time subsequent to
the date of the attempted selection, but since
this proof is essential to complete selection
so as to constitute a contract fully executed
on the selector's part his rights would have
to be determined as of date when the selection
is thus completed. . No attempt or offer to
cure the defect and complete selections In ques
tion has been made, and it Is now asserted by
mineral claimants and fully admitted by the
relector that, the land in question has been
demonstrated to contain valuable deposits of
petroleum.
Not Properly Lieu Lands.
The necessity for requiring the selector to
make proof of the condition and character- of
the land at the time of selection is forcibly
Illustrated In this case. Prior to that time
mineral oil had been discovered In the near vi
cinity of this land, and lands in that neigh
borhood were generally prospected and explor
ed in an effort to find mineral oil therein in
paying quantity. To that end wells were be
ing drilled or bored hundreds of feet into the
earth at great cost, and in this manner the
area or extent of the oil deposit was being
ascertained and the mineral character of spe
cific tracts made known. The known character
of the land in that vicinity was therefore un
dergoing a change and tracts not known to
contain mineral deposits at any given time
were liable within thirty days thereafter to
become known to be valuable for such depos
its. The right to patent Is not acquired In
any case until the proofs are such that a
patent could be Issued upon them if nothing
were shown to the contrary. As, long as any
thing remains undone which- it is essential
should be done by the selector in order to en
title him to a patent right thereto, the title
does not vest. That a non-mineral' affidavit
should accompany the selection Is -not serious
ly questioned by the applicant. It is just as
essential that it should be accompanied by a
vacancy or non-occupied affidavit. Appellants'
contention that the word "vacant' ' as used
in the statute means public lands which are
not shown by the records of the local office or
General Land Office to be claimed, appropri
ated or«reserved, can not be accepted. .Por
tions of public lands may be occupied, and
for that reason be not subject to selection,
and yet there be no mention of their occu
pancy In 'the records of the land department
It frequently occurs that persons desiring to
secure title to lands under the homestead law
settle upon and ocupy the same for months
and even years before placing their claims on
record. The proof presented by the selector
did not show that the < land was subject to
selection and would not justify the issuance
of a patent even If no protests had been filed.
land, scattered throughout the district, were
undisposed of at the end of the fiscal year
during which the selections In question were
filed. In these respects the Visalia district
does not greatly differ from many other land
districts wherein selections under the act of
1897 have been, or are likely to be made. Ob
viously, therefore. It could not have been
contemplated that the local officers of the
various land districts should or could, from
personal knowledge', determine the physical
conditions pertaining to the lands selected
under the said act. The argument Is Intensi
fied when applied to the Commissioner of the
General Land Office and the Secretary of the
Interior. In this case the lands were sur
veyed In 1854. Whether since that date they
have been continuously or at any. time vacant,
or occupied and whether at any time known
to be valuable for minerals, and if so, whether
stripped of their minerals and worked out,
are matters not shown by land office records.
Every consideration based upon the wise ad
ministration of this law supports the wisdom
of the regulation requiring the selector to
submit proof showing the land selected to be
subject to such selection. The form of ap
plication prepared by the Commissioner's of
fice for selections of lands In . lieu of tracts
covered by patent in forest '-, reserve and spe
cifically adopted as form 4-643 in the regulations
of May 9. 1S99, and Decemberil8. 1899, requires
the selector to accompany his application with
"affidavit showing land selected . to be non
mineral in character and unoccupied." It la
thus clearly made Incumbent- upon one seeking
to take advantage of the offer made by tills
law to establish the fact that the land he se
lects is of the character contemplated by law
Until this fact is established his proffer of
exchange Is not completed. Until then he has
not made out a case which shows upon the
face of the papers that he ha* so far com
piled with the conditions of the act of 1837
as to convert the offer of exchange contained
in said act into a contract fully executed upon
his part. To lodge in an applicant for ex
change of lands under this law vested right
as against the ownership of a third party, it
must be made to appear that the land sought
to be acquired by him is of the character con
templated by that law. ,
Proof of Condition Required.
Secretary of the Interior Hitchcock, in Deciding Against
Clarke, Holds That Gil Lands Are Subject to Location
'and Acquisition Under Mining Laws of United States
DECISION IN OIL LAND CONTROVERSY
GREAT VICTORY FOR THE MINING MEN
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, APRIL 26, 1901.
SECRETARY OF THE INTE
RIOR HITCHCOCK, WHO
RENDERS OIL DECISION.
3
ADVERTISEMENTS.
: Most every man is tired of his winter clothes and wants a
new spring suit of the latest cut. Many men wanting a new suit
hesitate because they think they can't afford it. They are mis-
taken. For instance, -they can come here and get a good suit for
as low as $7.5-0, and the suit will be all wool, too, and made from
late pattern materials ; it will fit as it should and wear well.
H at $1 p in cheviots, tweeds and serges,
silk sewed and farmer satin lined. Fit anybody from thirty-four
to forty-six chest measure.
g^^il|i|v$ipan^ $17.5:0* we are showing a swell line of solid color
flannel, ready-to-wear sack suits with a small parallel stripe and
the^new round-corner. cut which are so popular now. The colors
are black, blue, gray, brown and olive, with green, red, blue or
white stripes. Most all the swell dressers are indulging in these
patterns. Ours are exceptional for the price. .
Every bit of our ready-to-wear clothing is made in our own sanitary
ll^iMl^SSwlMiS labor. This; insures clean clothes and excellent work-
manship; as union labor -always keeps :its : workmanship
up to a high standing. Ours is the only union-made I^Sfe
clothing on this coast. A man should not only wear union- §H|P|f
made because of sentiment, but because it is the best -"¦'¦ L^y
" y - ¦•¦¦:; Our sailor sale continues f^RBE^L
Our sailor sale of last week was so successful that we intend
to run it another week to give mothers an opportunity to outfi;'^^^^^^^»
the boy 'at this low price. -, |||||,^. ¦ '
The suits are for boys from 3 to 9 years of age and the mate "^^^^^^m
rials are cheviots in navy b.ue, Venetian blue, brown and red,
with embroidered,designs on collars and shields; serges in the \tHHBHT'
above colors, with the. exception of the brown, with braid trim-
mings on collar; cassimeres in neat small checks; the pants are ffflfg ftil
all lined throughout and strongly sewed ; price of the suits but WfflS mfi&
Also at the same price a line of boys' two-piece suits in Scotch tweed, heavy-weight mate- frill HH]
is now being printed. ' ;-A ; '\m'-'''' ' y/T-'- lT ¦'»-•- " '' ' ]^*^ - furnishings or hats.
' i; Market Street,PREPARE FOR ANNUAL REUNION.— A t
a meeting of the Knights of the R*d Branch
held last night arrangements for the annual
reunion, which is to take place on May 15 at
Shell Mound Park, were completed. The
special committee appointed to prepare for the
reception of Major John McBride of the Trans
vaal Irish Brigade, rendered a satisfactory re
port.
There is no fool so foolish that he can't
get a greater fool 1 to admire him. ¦ ' •
Governor Dole Recovering.
HONOLULU, April 19.'— Governor' Dole
Is on the high r3ad to recovery- from what
threatened to be a case of nervous,pros
tration. He expects to be able- to resume
his duties at the Capitol on Monday.
California Northwestern Railway will
run an excursion to Ukiah Sunday, April
28.' Fare for round trip $2 00. Each ticket
sold insures a seat. Depart from Tiburon
ferry 8:30 a. m. On return leave Ukiah
5:00 p. m. Tickets on sale at ticket office,
650 Market street; and Tiburon ferry.
Cadet Corps Athletes Win.
' Muscular representatives of the League
of the Cross and the Cadet Corps of the
Third' Congregational Church contested
for honors in a fierce tug-of-war, held in
the "church recreation room Tuesday
night. The Cadet Corps boys easily over
came their competitors.
The first struggle lasted for one minute
and fifty seconds and the second was won j
in one minute and forty- two seconds. The I
victorious team consisted of R. Steadman, I
anchor man; C. Olsen, C. Miller, A. Thorn- j
McDermott Made a Day Clerk.
There possibly Is no better known hotel
clerk in the United States than John Me-
Dermott. He has held the position of
night clerk at the Palace Hotel for tfie
past ten years. "Mac," as he is popularly
known, has recently been appointed a day
clerk at the Palace and James Dunphy,
who was on the day watch, takes his
place at night. Frank M. Cummings an
other popular clerk of the hotel,, has been
confined to his home for several days with
a severe attack of inflammation of the
eyes.
CLUB FORMED TO IMPROVE
THE OLD MISSION ROAD
1 Commissioner Maguire Will Urge
"Appropriation of $16,000 for
the Work.
• Commissioner. Maguire of the Board of
Public Works will endeavor to' induce the
Board of Supervisors to appropriate $18,000
for the improvement of Mission road be
tween Silver avenue and Onondaga street.
The entire cost of the improvement will
amount to $32,000, and the other $16,000 will
be raised by the property." owners along
the- line of the thoroughfare. f A club hag
been formed to urge the bitumenizing of
the road, and the property . owners will
assess themselves $1 per front foot for the
work. They have already paid out $8 per
front foot to grade, macadamize and sew
er the roadway. ¦. -. ¦ ;•...-;
As there are about 7000 running feet, the
balance of $9000 will be raised by a sub
scription among those who use the road
Yesterday, four "milkmen subscribed $50
each toward the project. The club is
composed of the following named:
.President, Mr. Pease; ; vice 'president, J.
Wolfe; secretary, .. A. Hulme; . treasurer,
Joseph Fassler. • ' •¦ , L - .-- '
Meetings are held every Saturday even
ing on the Mission road, opposite Silver
avenue. ¦ ¦ , V"Z ;,-~v.';.
FUNDS FOB INQUIRY
INTO PUBLIC UTILITIES
Market-Street Company Promises to
t Take Up Abandoned Tracks
by November.' .
City Engineer Grunsky informed the
Supervisors' Public Utilities Committee
last "night that to investigate the cost of
various public utilities $25,000 would be re
quired.' This .he segregated into $2000, for
the gas system, $2000 for a telephone sys
tem and $4000 for the Geary -street road,
each of which would take three months'
time; $15,000 for. the water supply, includ
ing electrical and salt water systems, for
which four months' time would be re
quired. Publication of the reports would
cost an additional $2000. . The balance in
the public . utilities fund ' on ¦ April 1 was
$3421. The salaries paid . to the draughts
men and engineers preparing plans- in
March was $111016, in February $2061 41
and January $2032 32. The fund will be ex
hausted at the end of the fiscal year. If
the Supervisors direct it, the Board of
Works will Include* the Stanislaus and
Tuolumne River sources in the estimates.
A resolution was adopted' requesting the
Board of Health to have the City Chemist
analyze water four times a month. •
Vice President Holbrook of the Market
street Railway Company " stated that all
the abandoned .tracks and - cable slots
would be taken up by, November 1,, 1901,
according to the agreement made with
the board. He declined to say the pave
ment would be restored to its original con- 1
dition, claiming- that legal questions were
involved. . The. matter was. in '¦ the hands
of Mr. Huntington.v who would probably
hasten the work on his return to the city.
Crazed Machinist .At
tempts to Murder
- -¦ His "Wife.'- /, ,
George Tandy, a machinist, was booked
at the City Prison yesterday on a warrant
charging him with threats to kill. The
complaining witness is his wife, Annie
Tandy, who lives at 112 Taylor street. The
warrant was sworn to before Judge Mo
gan, who fixed Tandy's. bonds at $3000.
Tandy is 47 years of age and he and his
wife have been living apart for the last
eighteen years. Shortly after they were
married the wife discovered that her hus
band was a victim to the opium habit rrnd
she did everything in her power to cure
him,', but failed, and finally she decided
that the. best thing they could do was to
separate. ¦
Tandy during all these years strove
hard to cure himself of the habit and
about a month ago he called upon his
wife in her room at 112 Tajjlor street and
gladdened her heart by telling her that
he had effected a permanent cure. They
agreed to live together again and until
Tuesday night they were very happy.
That night Tandy- came home and Mrs.
Tandy saw at once that something was
wrong. Without the slightest provocation
her husband grasped her by the throat
and threw her down. • He commenced
choking her and she ; managed. to utter a
piercing spream, which brought assistance
and Tandy was dragged away just as she
was getting black in the face.
The crazed machinist seemed to recover
himself and with tears in his eyes begged
his wife's forgiveness. He said he had
been induced to use the drug, but prom
ised, faithfully not to do so again. She
forgave him. Wednesday night he again
seized her by the throat and said he was
going to murder her. After a desperate
struggle "she managed to break' away
from him and rushed out of the house.
She met Policeman Coleman, who placed
Tandy under arrest and yesterday Mrs.
Tandy swore to the warrant.
¦ Tandy presented a sorry spectacle in the
prison. He shows the effects of the drug,
which has "made him almost a physical
wreck. .
To James Britt Esq. of Eighth and Mar
ket streets belongs the lofty honor of
having drawn blood from the redoubtable
Terry McGovern. In the second round,
after a "fast and furious mix-up," there
was a touch of red under .the champion's
nose — not very much of it, but enough to
take Britt's thoughts away from his med
als and henceforth fasten them upon the
famous meeting at the Terminal when
• ......
OPIUM VICTIM
TRIES TO KILL
Gardner Is reaching his best possible con-:
dition. The many bruises and knocks re
ceived in the maze of battles in which
he figured have left their imprints, but
Gardner is a man of great pugilistic at
tainments. He thinks the greatest of all
his successes will- come upon him next
Tuesday at the Mechanics' Pavilion be
fore one of the bijjeest crowds ever gath
ered at a prizefight in this city.*
E2TTRIES FOR. GRAMMAR.
SCHOOLS' FIELD DAY
The fourth annual ' field day of the
Grammar' School Athletic Club will- be
held at the Olympic Club grounds on Sat
urdayrApril 27. ,
The entries are as follows:
TRACK EVENTS.'
50-yard dash; record 5 4-5 seconds,' Nealon,
C. G. S.— First heat: Campbell, Crocker; Nor
ton, P. H. S.; Beam, Hearst. Second heat:
O'Connor. Hamilton; Ross, Crocker; Alryi P.
•H. S. ; Golcher, Crocker. •¦ » s
•R80-yard run; record 2:20; Osborne, C. G. S.—
Berts. Crocker; Hazell, Hamilton; Abraham
son. Hamilton; Morton, P. H. S.; McMullen,
I ¦ H. S.
100-yard dash; record 11 seconds, Lone, C.
G. -S., :and Buhlert. P. H. S.— First heat:
Lang. Crocker; Baher, Hearst; O'Brien. Ham
ilton: Airy. P. H: S. Second heat: O'Connor.
Hamilton; Campbell. Crocker; Norton, P. H.
S.; Beam, Hearst.
220. yards; record 2a 2-5 seconds. Kennedy. C.
G. S.— First heat: Lang, Crocker: Mays. Ham
ilton; Treable. Hearst; Ebright, P. H. S. Sec
ond heat: O'Brien,. Hamilton; Baher, Hearst;
Mohrls, Crocker.
8S0-yard.walk; record 4:25, Darden, II. G. S.—
Barry, Crocker; Taylor, P. H. S. ;" Sessions,
P. H. S.; La Coste. Hamilton; -Kipp, Hearst.
Mile run; record 5:15, Frem, C. G. S.—
Dodge, Crocker; Hazell. Hamilton; Morton,
P. H. S. .
440 yjrds: record 68 4-5 seconds. Kennedy,
C. G. S.— Bertz, Crocker; Mohrig, Crocker;
Mays, Hamilton; Abrahamson, Hamilton; Gru
enhagen, P. H. S. ; Ebright, P. H. S.; Rlor
dan, Hearst. ¦ . ¦ ,-i ¦
FIELD EVENTS. • •
10-pound shot put; record 41 feet. 10 inches.
Nealon, C. G. S.— Bertz, Crocker; Sessions, P.
H. S. ; La Coste. Hamilton; Jackson, P. H. S •
Kipp, Hearst; Bullwlnkle, Hearst.
High jump; record 5 feet % inch, Cavanaugh,
C. G. S.— Cavanaueh, Crocker: Mays, Hamil
ton; Rlordan, Hearst; Fross, Hearst: Morton,
P. H. S. .
. Broad Jump; record 19 fe«t 6 inches. Nealon,
C. G. S.— Cavanaugh. Crocker; Dawes. Hamil
ton; Hazel 1, Hamilton: Mohrlg, Crocker; Nor
ton, P. H. S. ; Beam, Hearst.'
Pole vault; record 8 feet 10 Inches, Patcher,
P. H. S.— Lang, Crocker; O'Connor, Hamilton;
Sarle. Hamilton: Frcss, ¦ Hearst; Campbell,
Crocker; Ober, Crocker; Kipp, Hearst.
OSCAR GARDNER AS HE APPEARS WHILE BOXING IN HIS TRAINING
QUARTERS AT CROLL'S GARDENS, ALAMEDA. HE IS CONFIDENT
THAT McGO.VERN.WILL HAVE NO EASY TIME TUESDAY NIGHT.
TERRY McGOVERN has done with
the heavy part of his training.
When he finished yesterday after
noon his bout with • Dougherty,
whom he took on after he went
three fast rounds with Jimmy Britt, the
133-pound amateur champion of the co'asL
Mt-Govern announced that a tapering- pr<*
cess of training -would thenceforth be
adopted until he stepped into the ring
next Tuesday night; ' •
Crowds of eag-er onlookers gather at
the . Terminal these afternoons. They
swarm in the, hallways and congest the
approaches to the small gymnasium at
tachment of the resort. Only the favored
can pass the door which screens the little
champion from the view of the outsiders,
but the favored yesterday were more
than ten men could count on their fingers.
It was noised about that Jimmy Britt
was to be tried out by the champion.
That was enough for the . curious, who
flocked to the end of Haigrht street in
great numbers.
Some souvenir collector had purloined
McCJovern's regrular sparring- gloves, and
as there were none other in the quarters
hut a set of five-ounce liphtinpr mitts the
Terrible and the Pride of Eighth and Mar
ket streets had their three rounds out
with these small list coverings. Britt
was willing:. He came prepared for a ten
seconds' sojourn in enforced forg-etful
ness. so he did not cavil over the size of
the gloves.
KEWPOET RACES RUN
IN A FOOT OF WATER
CINCINNATI. April 25.— Six races were
run at Newport to-day over a track aver
aging a foot deep in water and in some
places deeper. It was accomplished with
out Ferious accident to horse or rider. Re
sults:
Five furloncs. scllinc— Fairy Dell won. Fly
ing Bird bccond, The Misettc third. Time.
1:07.
Five and a half furlongs— Maggie W won.
Fairy Day second. Masterful third. Time,
1214M
Handicap, mile and a sixteenth— Cantlne
*r,n. Donna Stay second. Peter Duryea third.
Time. 1:SG\.
one milp — Saratramp won. Eous second.
Prince of Song third. Time. 1:52. .
Four furlontrs— Montana Pioneer won. Follow
Focond. Mamie Knglish third. Tim*. :12%.
Plx furloncs. celling— Mazetta won. Julius
Werner second. Guerdon third. Time. l:2l\.
tCEW YORK, April Io.— Aqueduct Fummary:
Five and a half furlones — Gold Lack won.
The Chamberlain second, Speedmas third.
Tirce. 1:10.
Five furloncs. selling— Red Damsel won. C.
Rosenfeld second. Equalize third. Time,
1:03 2-5.
Mile and Beventy yards — Sidney Lucas won.
Royal Sterlins: Bccond, Magic Light third.
Time, 1:45 4-5.
Th* Ozone stakes, four and a half furlongs—
« •arroll D tron. Elsie L second. Juvenile third.
Time. :E6.
About seven furlongs, selling— Mill Stream
won, Walt Not eecond. Punctual third. Time.
1 :30.
Vive furlongs— Locket won. Ta Mah Na Wls
second. Essen third. Time, 1:04 2-5.
CHICAGO, April 23.— Lakeside results:
Mile and fifty yards — iloroni won. Frangible
eecond, Daeroar third. Time. 1:50 4-5.
Five furlongs— Zaza won, Barney Saal sec
ond. Emma C L third. Time. 1:02 1-5.
Seven furlongs— Irish Jewel won. Emma R
second. Rival Dare third. Time. 1:01 4-5.
Mile and fifty yards — Charlie Moore won.
Valdez second, Al Brown third. Time, 1:45 3-5.
Five furlongs— Yana- ¦won. Blue Ridge second,
Ru<i Hycks third. Time. 1:03 2-5.
One mile, sellins— Boomerack won, Aaron
eecond. Plead third. Time. 1:43 2-5.
NSHVILLE, Tenn., April 25.— Summary:
Six furlongs, selling— Mike Million wdn. Cus
todian second. The Thrust third. Time. l:15Vi.
Four furlonirs — Monte Himyar won, Ardita
second. Tambourine II third: Time. :49%'.
Selling:, one mile and a sixteenth— Anna Lau
retta won. A Winner second. Ignis third.
Time. 1:47VI.
Bflle Meade stakes, half mile— Balance All
won. Burlinston second. Winter Belle third.
Tine. :49.
Six and a half furlones. selling — Hans
boroush won. Swordsman second, Weideman
third. Time. 1:22.
Six furlones. selling- — Timor won. Virsie
d'Or second, Nannie Nolan third. Time. 1:14.
Skeets' License Withheld.
IX)NDON. April 26.— The Racing Calen
dar announces that the license of J. H.
<Skeets) Martin will be withheld until
June 4 owing to his having recently been
reported by the Khedival Sporting Club
at Cairo for foul riding.
Gaudaur Will Bow Town.
WINNIPEG. Man., April 25.— Gaudaur
has accepted Town's challenge to row for
the championship of the world. The race
must take place at Rat Portage. Gaudaur
will not allow anything for expenses.
Indoor Tennis Finals.
LONDON, April 25— In the final round
of the lawn tennis, covered court, amateur
championship games to-day H. I. Doherr.y
beat G. Simond by 3 to 0. . . ' . . *
he boxed three rounds with the unbeaten,
human flstic whirlwind. The amateur
came away with something— something of
which he is proud and' which he wishes
he could retain as a memento, if it were
possible to divorce it from his face. Un
der the right eye is a patch of color, black
and yellow. . , '
"Oh, that's nothing," said Jimmy;
"think who srave it to me."
Britt boxed, exceedingly well with Mc-
Govern, who did not let himself out, al
though he was earnest and working all
the time. The two were at it from the
start and at the call of time when each
round ended were pummeling each other
with more than playful punches. Britt's
earnestness forced the same attitude on
the part of Terry and the two boxed the
best bout so far seen at the McGovern
training quarters.
Terry's work yesterday consisted of the
usual morning spin through the park and
the afternoon spell in the gymnasium.
He is ¦ In perfect trim; weighing 123%
pounds.
At Croll's Gardens, Alameda, Oscar
Oaklands 7, San Franciscos 1.
In the ninth inning of the game yester
day the stalwart stickers "of Hanxville
made a run. This was the only blot on
an otherwise clean and tallyless sheet.
Babbitt, who occupied the slab for the
Dudes, was an intricate and involved
puzzle for the Wasps, who neither
bunched or scattered hits with any pre
cision or success.
Whalen on the other hand was touched
for many long hits, especially in the sev
enth inning-, when five special pieces of
fireworks were exploded for the occasion.
In the fourth inning, with all the sacks
occupied, Whalen did a walk-giving atunt
irom which two runs resulted.. •
_ The wind and dust had things their own
blowy, dirty way and ruined what gave
promise of being a very fast game. It was
nke the Sahara let loose in a wind storm.
The score:
SAN FRANCISCO.
„„. . '. AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Hildebrand. cf 3 1 \ 0 2 0 0
Schwartz, 2b 4 0 10 2 4 0
Krug, s. s 4.0 1 0 4 3 0
Holland. If 4 - 0 o 0 1 0 0
Pabst. lb 3 o 0 0 12 2 0
Graham, c 4 0 0 0 1 1 6
Isordyke, rf 2 0 0 0 1.00
Rfi'iy. so 3 0 00 1 20
vvhalen, p 2 0 0 0 0 5 0
Totals 29 ~i "3 ~0 24 17 0
* OAKLAND.
¦ . AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Drennan, cf 5.2 3 0 1 0 0
Francks, s. s '3 1 10 2 6 1
Arrellanes. 2b 4 2 2 0 5 3 0
Streib, lb. 3 1 2 1 ll 0 1
Dunleavy, If. 4 0 10 2 0 0
Moore, 3b 3 110 0 1 0
Moskiman, rf 3 0 1 0 3 0 0
• Lohman, c 1 0 0 0 5 0 1
Babbitt, p 2 00 0 1 2 0
Totals 28 7 11 1 27 12 3
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
San Francisco 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 1 — 1
Base hits 10 0 0 0 0 0 0 2—3
Oakland ;; i o 0 2 0 0 *4 0 •— 7
Base hits 2 0 12 0 0 5 1 ?— 11
' SUMMARY.
• Runs . responsible for— Whalen 7. Three-base
hit— Krug. Two-base hit— Streib. Sacrifice
hits— Francks, , Whaler.. - Lohman. Babbitt.
First base on errors— San ¦ Francisco 2, Oak
land 0. First base on called balls— San Fran
cisco 3, Oakland 6. Left on bases— San Fran
cisco 4. Oakland 6. Struck out— By "Whalen 1,
by Babbitt S. Double plays — Francks to Streib-
Schwartz to Krug to Pabst; Arrellanes to
Francks to Streib. "Wild pitch— Babbitt. Time
of game— 1:50. Umpire— O'Connell. Official
scorer— McFarlln.,
LOS ANGELES WINS.
Support.
Senators Give Doyle a Very Poor
SACRAMENTO, April . 25.— Aided by a
basketful of errors on the part of the
Senators, a few scattered hits and almost
errorless play on thefr part, the Los An
geles Giants defeated the Sacramento ag
gregation this afternoon by a score of
7 to 4. Doyle, for the home team,
pitched well enough to win any game of
ball, but hi$ support was bad, and .'n
consequence-- -fumbled -everything that
came their ¦ way. Jones was in the box
for Los ¦ Angeles and did good work.
Score: ¦ .
LOS ANGELES, t
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Brockhoff, 2b 4 0 1 0 4 1 0
Hutchinson, lb 5 2. 1 0 8 0 «f
Householder, cf. .... 4 110 3 0 0
Spies, c 5 1 113 2 0
Reilly, 3b 3 11 0 11 0
Kelly, b. s. '2 11 0 2 4 0
Swindells, rf. 4 10 0 2 0 0
Bowman, If 3 0 0 . 1 .4 0 0
Jones, p. ....." 4 0 10 0 3 1
Totals 34 .77 2 27 11 1
SACRAMENTO. \ .
, AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
McGucken, cf. ...... 4 0 0 0 ,0 1 1
Devereaux. s. s. .... 2 2 0 2 3 3 1
Courtney. 1 2b. 4 12 0 1 3 1
McLaugnlin, If 4 1 2, 1 2 2. 0
Hanlon, lb 3.0 0 1 0 9 0 3
Doyle, p 4 0 2 0 0,40
Stanley, c. 3 0 0 1 3 1 0
Sheehan. 3b ....4 0 0 0 4 0 1
Strlcklett. rf 8 0 0 0 2 1 0
Totals. ::.... .....31 • 4 6 4 24 15 7
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Los Ansreles ."..0 0 2 1 3 0 0 1 *-7
Base hits 0 0 12 2 0 0 2 •— 7
Sacramento A...0 0 0 10 3 0 0 0 — 4
Base hits 0 0 0 2 0 3 0 0 1—6
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible for— Jones 4, Doyle 4. Home
run— Kelly.- Three-base hit— McLaughlin. Two
base hits — Courtney, . Reilly. Hutchinson. Sac
rifice hits— Kelly, Hanlon. First base on er
rors— Lgs Angeles 7. First ba«e^i* balls— Oft
Jones 6, oft. Doyle 6. Left on bases— Los An
geles 9, Sacramento 6. Struck/ out— By Jones
1, Doyle 2. Wild pitch— Doyle. Time of game
— 1:25. Umpire — Donahue. Scorer— Rutherford.
Eastern Baseball Games.
DETROIT, • April 25.— With the most
magnificent batting rally ever seen in De
troit the local American League team
this afternoon snatched the opening game
of the season from Milwaukee in the
ninth. Score:" Detroit 14. Milwaukee 13.
Batteries — Miller, Flak and Buelow; Haw
ley, Dowling, Hunting and Leany. Um
pires, Sheridan and Barassau.
\ CHICAGO, April 25.— The Chicago Club,
American League, won to-day's game by
superior batting and base running. Both
pitchers were wild, due largely to the
cool weather. Attendance, 2800. Score:
Clubs— . • :• R. H. E.
Cleveland .......' .". S 5 2
Chicago ••• ••• 7 10 2
Batteries— Moor* and Teagrer; ' Skopec and
Sullivan. Umpire— Connolly. • ,
At Baltimore— American League: Balti
more-Boston game was postponed on : ac
count of wet grounds. . ¦_
At New York — New York-Brooklyn
game" was postponed on account of wet
grounds. • -
At Philadelphia— American League:
Philadelphia-Washington game was post
poned on account of wet grounds. : .
. National League— Philadelphia-Boston
game was postponed on account of rain.
- At .Cincinnati— National League: Cln
cinnati>-Chicago game was postponed on
account of wet grounds, . -/ , " "
Wasps Could Not Solve the
Curves of Babbitt, Oak
land's Pitcher.
Dust Blows Into the
Hitting Eyes of Lo
cal Team.
DUDES DEFEAT
THE HANXMEN
DEFEAT OF THE PRIDE LEAVES
EMPTY FEELING AMONG BETTORS
Dr. Cave Drops In Unexpectedly Again at
20 to i —Scotch Plaid Easily Subdues
Gotobed— Well-Played Outsiders Land
BY F. E. MTJLHOLLA2TD.
R, CAVE, the bay horse owned by
Martin & Patton. treated his
patients to a genuine surprise at
Tanforan yesterday by making
an unexpected call with the
books laying 20 to 1 about him. The
previous time the Doctor appeared in pub
lic he was not feeling at all well, but this
indisposition can be excused from the
fact that he was asked to debate with
some very learned ones in the science of
speed. With Bassinger at the. throttle,
he made no stops, winning the fifth selec
tion, over , six furlongs, all the way. At
his head was Prejudice, and then a neck
further off came -the 2 to 5 favorite The
Pride. * When Starter Jake Holtman re
leased the b£$rier Turner must have
thought there! would be a recall, for he
started to take up," getting a poor start.
It was a severe blow to the "wall-paper"
speculators, who backed the. favorite as
if it were, stealing something. .
This was not the only smash up the talent
got mixed up in during the afternoon s
exercises. •• At stated intervals Mission
dropped in, quoted at 6; Louwelsea was
given a nose decision over Divina, with 10
to 1 listed all about the. ring, and Foul
Play made a successful parachute leap
with 8 to 1 going begging. Illilouon and
Scotch Plaid saved the favorite followers.
Certainly not on his recent races, the
Elmwood Farm's Illilouon, with Ransch
up, .was made favorite for the opening
sprint and came home by himself. Some
few of the books laid 7 to 1 before they
grew wise to the fact that the gelding
was the hot one. Matilda O, a 50 to 1 shot,
beat George Dewey a head for the place.
It was whispered around in select so
ciety circles that Mission was "the goods"
for the six and one- half furlong number
following, and considerable coin went into
the books at odds of 5 and 6 to 1. Never
worse than second during the running, he
took the lead from Glissando below the
paddock, winning handily. A sixteenth
from the stand Jack Martin rushed The
Singer through a knothole, and nearly
putting Ransch on Glissando over the
fence, secured . place honors from Mc-
Albert in a drive.
Jockey John Sullivan, whose name was
on the suspended list for a long period,
had the mount on Louwelsea in the two
year-old event at four and a half furlongs,
and in a hard drive got the verdict over
Divina by a nose. The winner went into
the starter's hands at odds of 10 to 1, and
though tiring perceptibly, Sullivan out
rode Hafley. Ogle went to pieces after
leading into the stretch. Turner on Hain
ault met with some interference just
after the barrier was released, which
seemed to knock all run out of the
youngster.
Scotch Plaid, from the Burns & Water
housf stable, added another to his string
of wjns by taking the mile and a quarter
run very handily from Gotobed. A 9 to 20
chance. Plaid led from the start, while
Fauntleroy moved late with Gotobed, los
ing out; by two .lengths in 2:10. Sunello
nosed out The Bobby for third position.
¦ A day dream indulged in by "Chub"
Russell cost Montallade the last purse.
The latter horse had the race won after
racing Wallenstein to a standstill and his
backers started to get in line. Russell
then began slowing down, when E.
Matthews skimmed along irom far back
with F"oul PMay, an 8 to 1 shot, winning
by a head. Bogus Bill apparently found
the track too hard, finishing back in the
bunch. . .
Track Notes.
To-Day's Entries.
Advices from Phoenix, Ariz., say the
condition of Jockey Dick Clawson is about
the same as J. McDonald, another Cali
fornia rider, suffering from tuberculosis.
When McDonald left here a fortnight or
so back he seemed to be in*no immediate
danger and both boys may eventually
recover good health.
Jqckey Ben Gouin was given ten days
on the ground by Starter Holtman last
Tuesday. Gouln has concluded that he
does not stand, well here and will leave for
Chicago Saturday.
Mission, winner of the second race and
trained by "Doc" Robbins. -was bid up
$300 over his entered price of J200 by Billy
Ma^rrane. The. last named horseman's
gelding. The Singer, finished second.
The stable of Sam Hildreth will be
shipped Bast to-morrow.
Jack Martin on The Singer tried a flying
wedge in the second event and was again
cautioned for rough riding by the Judges.
Mike Hennessy in his palmy days could
not hold a candle for Jack to read by.
Manager Ed Laurence of the Montana
Jockey Club left for home last evening,
well satisfied with his California pilgrim
age. He predicts a great seasons sport
in the Copper State.
Bookmaker Barney Schreiber departs
for St. Louis to-morrow. He may sell
Corrigan before leaving, but if not, Felix
Carr will take the brown colt East. Felix
has met with such marked success hand
ling the Sphrelber horse3 that Barney now
thinks hts ex-Jockey will become a star
trainer.
Entries for Monday's Oakland running
events close at Tanforan to-morrow at
12:15. Handicapper Brooks will receive
entries at Oakland track Saturday morn
ing between 8 and 9 o'clock.
Thirteen' books again cut In yesterday.
Barney Schreiber's slate was missing.
First Race— Five and a half furlongs; four
year-olds and up; selling:
2314 Canejo .........111 2308 Favorito 108
1888-Scotch 108 2172 Toung Morello.lll
(2199)Letlger 108 2307 Miftord .Ill
2351 Senator Matts.. Ill 2208 Buck Taylor.. .109
1998 Hilary 108 1269 Toby Tot 106
2340 Gold Finder ...10S 2338 First Shot ....109
Second Race — Four furlongs; two-year-olds;
selling:: • ¦
2201 Quiet 103i(2315)Irma A 103
2333 Escalante ...... 108 f 2345 Mike Murphy.,103
2352 Ogle 103 2328 Huachuca 114
(2261) San Lultlon 1051
Third Race— Six furlongs; four-year-olds and
up; selling:
2192 Hungarian ....111 2334 Rainier Ill
2326 The • Miller ....111 2338 William F ....108
2308 Limelight Ill 2320 Saul of Tarsus.lOS
'2336 Einstein Ill 2326 Formatus 103
2325 Sprung 108 2168 Talma Ill
2326 Nettie Clark ..106 2289 Jennie Reid ...109
, Fourth Race — Six furlongs; three-year-olds
and up; selling:
2351 The Singer ...104 2340 Clarando 105
2171 Espirando 107 (2341)Boundlee 106
2354 Mike Strauss. .104 2343 Mocorito 105
(2346)Rolllck 97| 2127 Seide 102
Fifth Race — One mile; four-year-olds and up;
selling:
2342 Don Luis ..J.112 2341 Flamero 112
2349 Rinaldo ..'. 112 (2329)Rlo Shannon...lll
2340 Maydine 106 2342 Catastrophe ,;;112
2312 Sir Hampton... Ill 2324 El Mido .:.... M12
.2210 Campus .115 .2325 Mary.- Kinsella.H0
Sixth Race— Seven -furlongs; four-year-olds
and up: selling: ; *ri, ;.'• :.-.
(2331)Donator ..:;.. '.107 (2349) Matt Hogan ..103
¦2121 Grand Sachem.107 2342 Goldone 107
23*9 Vohicer 1Q7 ... .-
Probable Winners.
First Race— Buck, Taylor, ' Letlger. First Shot.
Second Race— Huachuca, Inna A, Escalante.
• Third Race— Hungarian^Saul of Tarsus, The
Miller. \ -^.
* Fourth Racer-Rollick, Selde, Mocorlto.
Fifth Race— Rio Shannon, Sir Hampton, Fla
mero.
. " Sixth Race— Donator, ' Goldone, Matt Hogan.
Betting— Foul Play, »; Montallade, 5: Wal
lenstein, 15; Parader, 6; Alleviate. 9-2; Hohen
lohe. 10; Bogus Bill. 3; Morlnga, 6.
Time— 1-16. :07: %. :23%; %, :47»i; 64f..l:21H.
Good start. Won first three driving; Winner.
Bowley & Nichols' b. m. by imp. Fmil Shot-
Thercsla. Russell on Montallade had race in
hand and then permitted Matthews to steal it.
Wallenstein had speed. Alleviate no chance,
getting away poorly. Bogus Bill a better mud
horse. Scratched— Grand Sachem 100.
2335. SIXTH RACE— Six and a half furlongs;
selling; four-year-olds and up; purse, $350.
Index. Horse. Wt. Jockey. St. K, Str. Fin
<2314)Foul Play. 4. MS.Mtthws 4 7 h 5 2 1 h
2341 Montana tie. a, lOS.Russll 5 2 5 2 3 2 2
2340 Wallenst'n, 4. lOs.Redfrn 3 1 h 14 13
(2334)Parader, 6. 105.Alexandr 6 a h 4 U 4 1
2319 Alleviate. 6, 104... Howell 8 S 7 4 56
2336 Hohenlohe. 6. 103. Ranch 7 3 h 3 3 6 1
2238 Bogus Bill. 4. 105. Martin 2 S >, 6 <~ 7 3
2301 Morlnga, 6. 106... .Conley 14 2 8 8
Betting— Dr. Cave. 13; Prejudice, 6; The
Pride, 2-5; Hermoso, 7; Anjou, 15; Mike Strauss'
150. . . •*= •
2354. FIFTH RACE— Six furlongs; selling;
four-year-olds and up; purse. $400.
Index. Horse. Wt. Jockey. St. %. Str. Fin.
2330 Dr. Cave, 4. 116.Basslngr 2 1112 In
2336 Prejudice. 4, 111. .Martin 4 3 n 4 2 2 n
2273 The Pride, 5, 116.. Turner 6 5 2 3 h 3 ns
2335 Hermoso, 6. 119. ...Meade 3 2 2 2b 4 2
1833 Anjou. 4. 116 Conley 16 6 5 6
2302 Mike Strauss. 4. 113.Hoar 5 4 1 5 2 6
Time— V*. :24; %. :43; %, 1:14. Straggling
start. Won first three driving. Winner, Mar
tin & Patton's b. h. by imp. Regalis-Maud B.
Dr. Cave went the route to-day. Prejudice ran
a nice race, closing very strong. Turner on
Pride started to pull up, getting away badly.
This alone beat him. Hermcso stopped, as
usual.'
Time— U. :23H: %. :32; %i. 1:17%: mile. 1:43%:
lV4m, 2:ia Good start. Won easily. Second
and third driving. Winner. Burns & Water
house's b. g. by imp. Mfdlothian-Mottle. Plaid
cut out his own pace. Fauntleroy waited too
long with Gotobed. The Bobby stale.
Betting— Scotch Plaid, 9-20; Gotobed, 11-5';
Sunello, 60; The Bobby. 50.
2353. FOURTH RACE— Mile and a quarter;
selling; four-year-olds and up; purse. $400.
Index. Horse. Wt. Jockey. St. %. Str. Kin.
<2342)Sc. Plaid. 6. 99...Ransch 116 14 12
(2336)Gotobed, 6, 97.Fauntlery 2 4 2 2 2 6
2331 Sunello. 4, 93 Hoar 3 2^32 3 na
231S The Bobby, 4. lC6.Frawly 4 3^4 4
2352. THIRD RACE— Four and a half fur
longs; selling; two-year-olds; purse, $400.
Index. Horse, Wt, Jockey. St. ?i. Str. Fin.
(229S)Louwelsea, 115.. Sullivan 5 3h 3 2 Ins
2293 Divina. 115 Hafley 3 2 2 2 1 2 h
2339 Achilles, 118 Ruiz 2 5 8 4 2 3 6
2309 Ogle. IIS Meade 1 13 13 4 3
(2317)Hainault, 115 Turner 4 4 3 5 6 5h
2345 Royalty, 115 ..Basslnger 6 6 6 6
Time-5-16, :%%; 4%f. :55^. Good start.
Won first three driving. Winner. Doble &
Co.'s b. f. by Rey El Santa Anlta-Leola. Lou
welsea was stopping and Divina would have
won in another stride. Achilles closed strong,
showing preference for a route. Ogle quit.
Halnaut knocked off his stride at the start.
Royalty away poorly.
Betting— Louwelsea. 10; Divina. 4; Achilles.
5; Ogle, 15; Halnault. 2; Royalty 7-2.
2351. SECOND RACE-Slx and a half fur
longs; selling; four-year-olds and up; purse,
$350.
Index. Horse, Wt, Jockey. St. lj. Str. Fin.
2253 Mission. 4. 10o..Al«candr 2 2 h 1 h 11
22S< The Singer. 4. lOS.Martin 4 5 1 4 3 2 »i
2243 Me Albert. 6. 105.. Hazard 6 4 1 3 h 3 2
2314 Lost Girl, a, 103.Mathws 5 8 6 2 «b
2340 GIfssando, 4. 105..Ransch 7 1 h 2 n 5 2
2320 S. Matts, 5. 10o.. Russell 8 6 1 5h 6n
2230 Decoy, 4, 105..Bassinger 1 3 *i 7 1 7 h
2314 Tizona. 4, 106 Conley 3 7h 8 8
Time— 1-16, :07; Vi, :2D%; %. :4S: 6Uf. 1:21H.
Good start. Won handily. Second and third
driving. Winner J. Wllson f s ch. g. by imp.
Albert-Annie Layne. Mission was best. The
Singer nearly knocked Glissando over the fence
opposite the paddock. Decoy quit early. Ti
zona cut off at start
Betting— Mission. 5; The Singer. 6; McAlbert,
12; Lost Girl. 9; Glissando, 7-2; Senator Matts,
100; Decoy, 7-2; Tizona, 6.
Time-Hi, :24; M. :4SU; »J, 1:13VJ. Good start.
Won easily. Second and third driving. Win
ner. C. T. Boots' ch. g. by Tiger-Gypsette.
Winner showed improvement. D«wey slow to
get in action. Cambaceres in hard luck. El
Karn must have tone back. Oaylon Brown
gave it up. Scratched— Road Agent 107.
Betting— Illilouon. 5-2; Matilda O. 50: George
Dewey. 16; Cambaceres. 6; Mamie Hildreth.
9-2; Tristrain. 12; Rasp, 30; Sissenvine. 8; EJ
Karn, 10; Gaylon Brown, 30; Triple Cross, 15.
25, 1901.- Weather. fine. Track fast.
235O. FIRST RACE— Six furlongs; selling;
three-year-olds: purse. $350.
Index. Horst, Wt. Jockey.. St. H. %. Fin.
2260 Illilouon, 107 .7... Ransch 4 3 n 2 2 13
2269 Matilda O, 107..Pendrgst R 6 1 5 3 2 h
2293 O. Dewey. 107. Matthews 8 11 7 h 3 na
2332 Cambaceres. lOT.Maternell 8 h 6 h 4na
22S2 M. Hildreth. 107..Basn&r 115 2 4 S 5 1
2337 Tristrain, 107 ....Howell 3 r 1 h 11 6 H
2322 Rasp. 107 Flynn 5 10 \i 11 7 1 •
2280 Sissenvine. 107 ...Martin 7 7 1 9 3 8 2
2332. El Karn. 107 Russell 9 9 h 10 % 9 8
2337 G. Brown, 109..Bozeir.an 2 2 2 3 h 10 1
2337 Triple Cross. 107..Conleyl0 4 h 8 % 11
CALL'S RACING FORM CHART
TANFOKAN PARX-Thursday. April
Five Local Experts and
Three Visitors Are
Winners.
GOLFERS PLAY
FIRST MATCHES
Lawson Handsomely Beats
Sears and Sartori Is
Blown Away.
The matches between Folger and Chap
man and Frederickson and Johnson
should be close, but Lawson will probably
beat Golcher and Mee should prove 'vic
torious over Cravens. In the afternoon
the four winners will play in the semi
final round and all who get into this are
sure of medals, the two winners receiving
the gold and silver medals and the two
lcsers "the bronze medals. • -••-
The most remarkable occurrence of the
day befell John Lawson, whose approach
to the fourth hole went into the cup, giv
ing him the hole In two strokes. No won
der this upset his opponent, H. M. Sears--,
for it happened in the first round. John
Lawson's victory over II. M. Sear's goes
to show that Sears must have been in un
usually good form in the qualifying round
on Wednesday, when he ha'nded in the
layest score of all the competitors, beat
in? the nearest man eleven strokes.
• This morning at 10 o'clock th» second
match play round will begin, the eight
players beinsr drawn as follows: John
Lawson vs. H. C. Golcher; E. R. Folger
vs. R. H. Hay Chapman: William Fred
erickson vs. W. P. Johnson: J. S. Cravens
vs. J. H. Mee.
1 he qualifying round over th'rty-s'x
loles for the first. Pacific Coast golf cham
pionship closed at 1 p. m. yesterday, three
additional scores to those already pub
lished being handed in. "Warren Gregory
made a score of 197, J. H. Mee returned
199 and Captain D. J. Rumbaugh's score
wu 210. Warren Gregory's score placed
him seventh in the list and J. H. Mee' a
return entitled him to eighth place. J. J.
Crooks, who made 211, and R. G. Brown,
¦whose score was 213, were thrust outside
tlie charmed circle, while Captain D. J.
Eumbaugh tied with J. S. Cravens of
Pasadena. Between 1 and 2 o'clock the
tie was played off, J. S. Cravens beating
Captain Rumbaugh over one hole and
winning a place among the sixteen who
qualified.
At 2 o'clock the first round at match
pJay over sixteen holes bc^an, the players
being drawn as follows: P. E. Bowles Jr.
of Oakland va. "W. P. Johnson of Oakland;
J. P. Sartorl of Los Angeles vs. J. H. Mee
of San Francisco; John Lawaon of San
Francisco vs. H. M. Sears of Los Ange
les; H. C. Golcher of San Francisco vs.
J. A. Folger of Oakland: E. R. Folger of
Oakland vs. "Warren Gregory of Sen
Francisco; R. M. Fitzgerald of Oakland
vs. R. H. Hay Chapman of Los Angeles;
Arthur Goodall of Oakland vs. J. S.
Cravens of Pasadena: J. W. Byrne of San
Francisco vs. William Frederickson of
Los Angeles. The local golfers thus se
cured eleven places in the opening match
round,* while the visitors gained five
places. A very strong and disagreeable
wind blew across the course all day. con
siderably disconcerting some of the golf
ers. The results of the matches were as
follows: - •
W. P. Johnson beat P. E. Eowles Jr.: 1 up.
J. H. Mee beat J. F. Sartori: 8 up. 7 to play.
John Law son beat H. M. Sears; 5 up, 4 to
play.
H. C. Golcher won from J. A. F"olger by de
fault.
E. R. Folder beat Warren Grescry; 4 up, 3
to play.
R. H. Hay Chapman beat R. M. Fitzgerald;
7 up. 6 to play.
J. S. Cravens beat Arthur Goodall: 1 up.
William Frederickson beat J. W. Byrne; 5
up, 4 to play. •
The sixth semi-annual convention of the
Debating League of California, ¦will he
called to order at the Opera-house, San
Rafael, Saturday, April 27. at 10 a. m.
The convention will be divided into two
sittings, morning and afternoon. After
adjournment the delegates will be guests
of honor at a banquet given by the hlsh
school students of San Rafael. In tht>
evening a debate will be held between
Lowell Hlch School of this city and th<*
Loui High School of Lodl. The abnvo
schools, with the addition of the Oakland i
High School and the Commercial Hijrh
School of this city, are the only competi
tors left in the present tournament. Th^
winner of the finals will debate the Hum
boldt Evening High School of this city
for the league trophy, a beautiful silver
cup. presented bv the students of Stan
ford University to the league. The final
championship debate will be held at Stan
ford ITnlverstty. Two hundred students
win take part.
TTophy.
Orators 'Will Assemble at San Rafael
and Contest for Magnificent
HIGH SCHOOL STUDENTS
WILL JOIN IN DEBATE
t •
The Alameda County Cat Club was or
ganized Tuesday. April lfv and the follow
ing named officers elected: Mra. Ivan
Eichwaldt of Alameda. president: Mrs. K.
A. Freiderich of Alameda. first vice presi
dent; Mr*. B. Brown of Rerke-ley, second
vice president; Mrs. S. A. Thompson of
Berkeley, secretary, and Mrs». II. Kawlin
son of Alameda. treasurer. Meetings w!ll
be held alternately In Oakland. Alameda
and Berkeley.
New Cat Club Organized.
a ±iju »AJN .bKANGISCO CALL, FKlUAYi AFKIIj 26, 1901.
Large Crowd Gathers to See the Champion and the Ama
teur in a Friendly Though; Earnest' Mix-Up— EJritt
Draws Blood and Comes Away With a Black Eye
M'GOVERN TRIES OUT JAMES BRITT
IN A THREE-ROUND BOXING BOUT
CONTINUATION OF COAST GOLF TOURNAMENT— M'GOVERN FINISHES HIS HEAVY WORK
4
This is another one of the season's productions in I
hats. It is a soft hat of rough material with rows of
. ¦ stitching running to the crown, which gives a very odd ¦
effect A good many people won't like the hat at all,
while those who like to wear the season's latest and
keep strictly up to date will look on the hat as a beauty. j
It comes in brown, silver, pearl, oxford and steel,
and. any one of these colors mixed. Price $1.25/ i
See the hats and see what you think of them. "
Out-of-iown orders filled— write us. \
SftWooD&ro
; 718 Market Street. ;TO ARRIVE.
TO SAIL.
Contest Between High Schools.
WOODLAND,, April 25.--Saturday, April
27. will be field day between, the athletes
of the Woodland, and Vacaville- high
schools. There is a strong rivalry be
tvreon the two schools*. . 'The sports will
ho held on the Woodland High' School
recreation. gToundp. A-reception, will ibe
tendered to the visitors in the evening.
The Original Little Beneficcncia Publica
Company. Organized September; 1893. i
' Drawing April 25, 1901.
Xo. 47,697 wins 5<500, sold In Stockton, Cal •
Xo. 24.8S8 wins $2300, sold in. Kan Francisco
Cal.: No. 12,789 wins $1250. sold in San Fran
cisco. Cal.; Nos. SSSS, 20.755, 44. S9S, 57.5S9 and
70.4S5 each- wins $125. sold . in San • Francisco,
Cal..- and Virginia City, Nev. ... •.
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographic Office, U. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal..
April 25, 1901.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day
I. e. t at noon of the lMth meridian, or at 8
o'clock p. m., Greenwich time. '¦•
... C. G. CALKINS,
Lieutenant Commander. U. S. N., in charge.
to death. I therefore gave one horse
to the American Minister, another
to the secretary of the American L;
gation, and a horse, a mule and a
cart to Sir Robert Hart, head of th?
Chinese customs. Subsequently Sir
Robert returned the cart and mule,
the horse having died. I gave a horse
to Dr. Morrison, correspondent of the
London Times, one horse to Dr.
Velde of the German Legation and
two horses to Professor von Broyn of
the Imperial University. They were
glad to accept the animals and we
were glad to get rid of them."
"The only food in the Prince's place was
a little rice. We decided to sell the
clothing and curios found upon the prem
ises and realized $2500 in gold. They were
bought by British and American officers
at a private sale of two weeks' duration.
' "Native Christians brought us furs
and sables which they had purchased
at a low price' from wealthy Chinese,
who feared they ; might be looked by
the military, people ;and who were
willing 1 to dispose of them for a little
money.' These articles were sold at
our place to British and other officers.
I considered that that was a fair,
honest speculation, which injured no
body and that benefited many people.
I asked Mr. Conger on the way over
here if he, deep down in his hear?,
had anything to criticize the mission
aries for, and he said: 'I have noth
ing to say, but if I had anything t^
criticize it would be as to allowing
the natives to bring in this stuff an-I
sell it.'
"There may have been some looted
goods taken, but it was without my
knowledge. The Russians and Sikh
soldiers were selling off truck very
cheap, but my people did not do ths
looting.
; "The help which the sale of the?3
purchased articles rendered was to
put half- a 'dozen men of the church
upon their feet." ¦
"We did not sell any provisions. I jrot
flour from a Chinese shop without payins
for it at the time, for we did not have a
dollar, but I afterward recouped tin*
owner for it, and he is to-day one of our
best friends. The one-third indemnity
proposition was never enforced. We
considered it aa an act of friendliness on
the part of the people who paid it. The
thing was initiated by Chang Yen Mao. a
commissioner appointed by LI Hunsr
Chang, to see to the settlement of claim*
of native Christiana and to settle the
claims of foreism missionaries as well.
As the Romaji Catholic claims were so
large, he limited himself to the claims r>f
native Christians only, and suggested
that the people who injured the Christians
should make reparation; that the house
of the Christian burned or otherwise de
stroyed should be rebuilt and that the
furniture, grain and the animals should
be restored. . We added one-third for the
support of the women and children and
poor people, who had no property and had
no indemnity coming to them and whose
bread-winners had been killed. The aver
age sum whjch we secured would be about
300 taels, or $200 gold, as a permanent
fund for the support of a family.*.*
. DES MOINES, . April 23.— News that
Minister Conger had arrived in San Fran
cisco was received with great satisfaction
in Des Moines. It is expected he will ar
rive here in a few 'days, as relatives here
have received letters from the family
saying no stop , would be made in - San
Francisco. ; ' . . ' ~
Great preparations ' are being made for
IO W ANE PREPARE
GREAT RECEPTION
AT'DES'MOiNES
Regarding the reported outrages com
mitted by- the allied troops on the march
from the coast of China- to Peking, Min
ister Conger said: . • ._
"There is no foundation for such reports.
It is not- true that men, women and chil
dren, were ma/isacred by the foreign sol
diers on the inarch: to. Peking. I do not
doubt that ''there were individual acts
of ¦brutality committed, but it was impos
sible for the officers of the various nations
to prevent them. A few soldiers may have
been sent foraging in various directions,
and some of the men may have committed
crimes. To- hold the officers or nations
responsible for these acts Is unfair.
"War is terrible-»in all its details, and
history shows that the Innocent often
must suffer with the guilty. It was im
possible to discover whether every Chi
nese had a rifle In his possession or had
taken part in the Boxer outrages, or if a
village, destroyed by order, may have
contained innocent people.' The presence
of Boxers warranted the destruction of
the villages. One must remember that the
soldiers knew that 40.000 Chinese Chris
tians had been slaughtered by the Boxers
and more than 100 white missionaries had
met terrible deaths at their hands. Is it
to be wondered at that individual acts of
reprisal were,' made? The stories of
slaughter- are" grossly ' exaggerated, and
nothing of the kind was ordered or
planned by commanding officers." •
Minister - Conger stated that the resl
dents'of Peking seemefl to be -resigned to
the occupation of- the' city by the allied
troops, and he ridiculed the reports of an
other Boxer uprising being Imminent.
Regarding the Indemnity to be paid by
China, Minister Conger - stated that the
country would be able to 'pay $300,000,000
without being crippled. ' . . • '
Continued from Page One.
the Minister's reception. Special trains
will be run to Council Bluffs and hun
dreds of people will go. " Among them
will be Governor Shaw and other State
officers, as well as prominent men from
all over the State. For the first time in
the history of the State the Capitol has
been secured for the public reception. It
will be given under the auspices of the
Conger reception committee, which has
been at work for several .weeks.
It is practically certain that Minister
Conger will be a candidate for Governor.
He will undoubtedly be nominated if he
is a candidate, though there may be some
slight opposition.
REV. AMENT ANSWERS MARK 1WAJ
Steamer Movements.
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early mornlnpr tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tldes-;of the
day In the order of occurrence as to >tlme of
day; the third time column gives the last tide
of the day. except when there are but- three
tides, as sometimes occurs. The. heights given
are in addition to the soundings on the United
States Coast Survey Charts, except when a
minus (— ) sign precedes the height, and 1 then
the number given Is subtracted- from the depth
Klven by the charts. The plane of reference
is the mean of the lower low waters.
sion Bay and . Hunters Point, for three o^ four
days. >
Also the Western Navigation Company's
steamer F. M. Smith, from Alviso to San
Francisco, struck a capsized vessel off San
Bruno- at about 9 p. m., Tuesday, April 23.
The vessel struck was bottom up and showed
very little above the water and Is supposed to
oe a car>sizea areajer.
By order of the Lighthouse Board.
U, SEBREE,
Comma-nder. U. S. N.. Inspector Twelfth Light
house District.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED
Thursday, April 24.
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander. 50 hours from
San Dle-ro.
Stmr Point Arena, Hansen, 14 hours from
ilendocino.
Stmr Oeo W Elder. Randall, 53 hours from
Tortland. via Astoria 46 hours.
' Stmr Rival, Johnson, 67 hours from Willapa
Harbor. '• ' "
Etmr Alcazar, Martin. B4 hours from San
Pedro. i
Stmr Fulton, Levinson, C4 hours from I.u
reka.
Jnp stmr Nippon Maru, Greene, 13 days from
Hong-kone, via Yokohama 17 days, via Hono
lulu 5 days IS hours 4S minutes.
Ship Glory of the Seas, Freeman, 10 days
from Comoic.
Br f!i1i> -Dovenby Hall. "Wlckham, 141 days
from Liverpool.
Bark St Katherine, Saunders, 20 days from
Schr Jennie Griffin, Camptfrl. 5 hours from
Point Reyes.
Schr Ocean Scray, Olsen, 14 .hours from Iver
sens Landing.
CLEARED.
Thursday, April 23
Stmr Corona, Glslow, San Pedro; Goodall,
Pertins & Co. „ *
Stmr City of Puebla, Jepsen, Victoria; Good
all, Perkins & Co. -
Stmr Rainier, Harren, Seattle; Pollard &
Dodge-
Stmr Chfco, Dearborn, San Diego; C D Bua-
Br stmr' Doric. Smith, Hongkong and Toko
hama, via Honolulu; O & O SS Co.
Ship Emily F Whitney, Brigman, Kahulul:
Alexander & Baldwin.
Bark B P Cheney, Johnson, Bristol Bay; Nak
Nek Packing Co. iv-li
Bark Annie Johnson, Ne'son, Hilo; J D
Epreckels & Bros Co. „,
Schr Rosamond, Ward, Honolulu; Williams,
Dlrnond & Co.
SAILED.
Thursday, April 24.
Stmr Rainier, Hansen, Seattle.
Stmr Arcata, KelBon, .
Stmr Greenwood, Faeerlund, .
Stmr. Newsboy, Ohlstrom. .
Stmr Westport, Ericsson. Eureka.
Br 6tmr Doric, Smith. Hongkong, etc.
Br itmr Doric, Smith, Honolulu, Yokohama
and Hongkonjj.
Ship Emily F Tl'hltney. Brlgman, Kahulul.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, April 25. 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind NW, velocity 48 miles per hour.
. MISCELLANEOUS.
SEATTLE, April 25— The Sound stmr P1I
«rim has been destroyed by fire. Burned to
the water's g*v£ftg&
Per whaling bark California— Feb 10, at
EaJpan. whaliner bark Alice Knowles: no
whales. Also whaling bark Gayhead at Pona
pe in *»«3 bMBSTIC p0RTS .
ASTORIA— Arrived April 23— Stmr Columbia,
Sailed 'April' 23— Br . stmr Adato, ' for San
F SAx' S DiKGO-Sailed. April 25-Stmr Bruns
wick, for San Francisco.
PORT BLAKELEY— Sailed April 23— Stmr
Fannv Dutard. for San Pedro.
COOS BAY— Sailed April 25— Schr Monterey,
for San Francisco. : / a'
PORT LTJDLOW— Arrived April 2j— Scnr
Fred E ' Sander, from Porjt Townsend.
GRAYS HARBOR-Salled April 24-Schr Liz
zie Vance, for S^ui Francisco; schr San Buena
ventura, for Sart Pedro.
TACOMA— Sailed April 23— Br stmr Duke of
Fife, for Yokohama. • ¦
Arrived April 25— Stmr Umatilla. from Vic
toria. fr»m Skaguay;. stmr Lakme, from \an-
Arrived Asrfl 23— Stmr Santa
Ana, hence Arril 21..
Sailed April 23— Stmr Mackinaw, for San
Arrived 'April 23— Stmr Ellhu Thomsen. from
Alai-ka: Ftmr Santa Ana. hencs April .1;
EURKKA- Sailed April 25— Schr Fortuna, for
San Francl?eo;.tuff Geo R Vcsberpr. with barg^e
C S Wheeler in tow, for Tlll.amook: stmr
Noyo. for San Francisco: Btmr Pomona % for
San Francisco: stmr San Pedro, for San Fran
cisco: Rtmr Alliance, for San Francisco.
UMPQUA— Sailed April 20— Schr ' Zampa, for
San Pedro.
ISLAND PORTB. '
KAHULUI — Sailed . April 11-Schr Mary
Dodire. April 11— Schr Metha Nelson, for San
Francl3co.
KANAPALI— Arrived April 5-Schr F S Red
fleld. for Port Gamble. ADrll 9— Bark Albert,
for Honolulu.
HONOLl'LU— Sailed April 14— Schr Ethel
Zane, for Port Townsend. April IS— Schr Ban
sor. for Port Townsend.
Sailed April 17— Stmr Marioosa and h«rk An
drew Welch, for San Francisco. . Ar>ril 13 —
Ship Arthur Sewall. for New York; bark Kal
ulani. for San Francisco. . - -
Arrived ADri! 17— Bktn Benlcia. - hence April
3. April 1*-Bktn Planter, hence April 6. April
15— Schr Helene. and bark R P Rlthet, hence
April 6. . 5 .
FOREIGN PORTS.
HAKODATE— Arrived April 3— Whaling bark
California, hence Dec 12. and sailed April 4
for cruise <200 bbls sperm oil). I
NAGASAKI— Arrived April 24— Br stmr Moy
une. from Tacoma. . •'
COLON— Arrived April 23— Stmr Advance,
from New York.
Sailed Anril 22-Stmr City of Washington,
for New York. • . ?,. =¦»•
LONDON- Sa.iled April 24— Br bark Alexander
Black, for Vancouver. . ¦ •
MANILA— Arrived April 23— U S Etmr Han
cock, hence March 25.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
ANTWERP— Arrived April 25— Stmr Xeder
land; from Philadelphia.
LIVERPOOL— Sailed April 2^-Strer Com
monwealth, for Queenstown and 'Boston.
ROTTERDAM— Sailed April Stmr Maas
dsm. for Boulogne and Xew York.v '
» -HAVR" — Sailed^Auril 25 — iitmr Ix»rraine, for
* NEW TORK-Sailed April :^-Stmr L'Aaua-
UNITED STATES ARMY TRANSPORT GRANT. WHICH HAS BEEN
HURRIED TO MANILA IN ORDER TO GET THE LAST OF/ THE VOL
UNTEER REGIMENTS HOME BEFORE JUNE 30.
\g v^ USIXESS was brisk among the
_Jw ocean liners yesterday. The
~yV transport Grant sailed for Ma-
IL.siir nila, the Occidental and Oriental
Steamship Company"* Ooric
mailed for the Orient and the Toyo Kisen
Kalfha? Nippon Mnri' *7f.T^ : fv ">^ n
Hongkong via Yokohama and Honolulu.
Thrrc was a. Fad Incident ounus i«« *oy
nge of the Nippon Maru. On Wednesday.
ihr. 17th inst.. Timpron Martin, eldest son
bC Thomas Martin of Ixjcksley. England.
<S?e<3. Jle was only S6 years of age and,
accompanied by his brother and sister,
was making «• tour of the world for his
liralth. The body was embalmed by the
¦et^uaship surgeon and the funeral took
)>l3c-c ?t Honolulu.
• Tl.o Nippon Maru brought from the Or
ient IZ oabin passpiiRers (among whom
w«»i th;» Hon. E. \\. Conger. United States
T-.:inistPr to China). 7 cabin passengers ana
?:& dalnese. Those who came in the cabin
vr.?rc the following named:
VifS H. S. Al'.ins. Hon. K. H. Conger and
\< ii>. «if.r Cdrwev *nd MIks Tierce, Itev. b.
Ament. MUa Hcpe ninnchard, E. Catlow. K.
A. Ccnnell. Miss J. N". <Twhy. l>r. I>ester Our
lia ISlZB <.'urtiK. Miss Helen A. Davis, Rev.
.? C. DaviEOn. Mr. and Mrs. A. V»'. Farnsworth,
K r*.m-r. Mrs. J. O. Tuna and child, A. M.
Korher. <l<»r,rKe K Gets. P. G. D. Gibson. Dr.
.'. V>. Irham. <\ i>. Jamison. Lieutenant H. J.
V. Kiatto. Rev. H. Ufv,^:is and wife, R*>S£r
l/Kinls, J. Magi'-aneo, Mi^s E. O. Martin, T.
:.!. Vartin. IX Mcl/?od. ISiXM J. McLeod, Mr.
BBd Mrs. A. A. Moore, Miss M. T. Koyes. MifcS
A. M. rtrj-noMs, J. T\*. Schuck. IT. Scnille
iri.-*-.7is. J.fiVs S. A. Pearle. Mrs. Chin Shee,
rjewgt Verier, l>r. B. F. "West and family,
\"i(-t'^r llUi 0 \Victstrom and the Rev. M. Ka
\v?.U
('. D. Jamison is a member of the Con
cr 5->:<rty nnd will return with the Min
ister to China- Ho Ss ;i civil engineer and
thoroughly: familiar with the Flowery
Kinpdorn. The Nippon Maru was de
1 ained a long time by the quarantine ofli
<.cr and it was i> p. m. before she docked.
THE GHAKT AND THE DORIC.
Cne Snils for Manila and the Other
for the Orient.
The Grant sailed for the Philippines yes
tcrday with fewer soldiers and passengers
than any army transport since the war
began. The rank and flic was represented
l'v twenty-one members of the Hospital
Corps, two members of the Signal Corps
and one member of the Fourth Cavalry.
The *-iibi:i passengers were:
"•aptaln? G. B. I^awrason. Acting Assistant
Sunrc-ens G. W". Oaywalt and F. M. McCullum,
Ma tor K. K. Johnston. V.eutenant Colonel K.
r tope. Colonel AY. K. Dousherty, Eighth In
tantrv; Ch» plain H. Swift. Thirteenth Infan
try: J. H. Foster. LTr.ited States Consul. Amor,
•hinii; II. II. Xichols, First Lieutenant G. P.
W liltsott Thirty-second Infantry; R. H. Haa-
W K Curry A. M. Eberle, M. Cunningham.
«>. 'rhiffr. <i. Raymond. M. P. GlliiKan. H.
I'loyd O. P. Melton and Mesdamen Pope. K.
J\ "Uell Glenn. Heck Sr., J*eck and two chil
dren, McOullum. Gunther. Ilaslan, C. F. Craw
and child. E. K. Johnson, M. F. Johnson.
Minor. Swift and Foster.
The Grant will make the run to Manila
direct and will come home with the last
• ¦ontinpent of volunteers that Is to be mus
tered out before June 30 next.
The Doric sailed promptly on time and
took away the following passengers:
For Yokohama — Dr. E. V. Fenollosa, Mrs. K.
F. Frnollosa, I>r. A. Fnehr, S. Takahashl and
Mr. and Mrs. Huprh Tevls.
For Kobe— Dr. "W. Hohmeyer and Mrs. B. \\ .
Ivttee. _ _,,
For Shanghai— I* W. Pierce. Mrs. L.. « .
Vi^i-re and two children. W. H. Sears, Mrs.
T .V II Sears and two children, Mrs. E. C. F.
Saw M<ss E. von Gunter and A. H. Zellers. ;
I'or Hongkong— Mrs. T. Metcalfe, J. R. Xel
*<yn T. Royden, Mrs. Alice Simpson, . J. D.
Stevenson a.nd Captain S. B. Thompson.
There was a bis crowd of society people
down to see Mr. and Mrs. Hugh Tevls
.tway. The young couple will make an
extended tour of the Mikado's domain and
Buriingraine will not see them again until
intend of June or early in July.
President Will Use the Slocum.
Tiie United States army tuff Slocum will
he used by President McKinley whenever
be wants to make a trip on the bay. The
vessel will not bo laid up awaiting: his
jleasure. but will do her usual work.
"When required by the Presidential party
H:e Slocum will be put into commission
»nd another tug will be encased to do
her work. The chances are. however, that
the President and his parts' will view the
launching of the Ohio from the deck or
the army quartermaster's steamer Gen
eral McDowell.
Water Front Notes.
The Piper-Aden-Goodall Company did a
smart pi«>ce of work in coaling the bat
tleship Wisconsin yesterday. In elgrht
hours 979 tons of black diamonds were
pat into the bunkers, an average of a lit
lle more than 122 tons an hour.
Tuo new schooners for John Pedersen
of this city are ready for launching at
Everett. Wash. They will be called the
\V. F. Garms and C. F. Lurmann.
Tne United Stales army transport Han
cock arrived at Manila yesterday. She
v.ill he hurried home -with a resiment of
\ olunteerp.
Fourth Mate C. T. Noyes of the trans
port Bosecrana has been transferred to
the Lawton. Kight Filipinos, who formed
i>art of the Rosecrans' crew, were sent
home to Manila on the Grant yesterday.
There were outside bound in at sundown
yesterday the t-hio Glory of the Seas from
«'omox. B. C; bark Su. Katherine. 20 days
from Hilo. and the rhip Dovenby Hall, 141
dnys from Liverpool.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
Matters of Interest to mariners and
Shippings Merchants.
The Oiorno will loa-1 wheat at this pert for
J-Turope at 31s. chartered prior to arrival; the
otiilie Fjord, lumber al Kureka for HUo; the
Tort CarliMe. wheat, tt Portland for Europe,
-'I? 3d. prior to arrival: the Norwegian steamer
T\t. merchandise at Portland for Vladivostok
the Vldette. lumbor at Everett for Hilo. The
vpported charter of ihe Ruth E. Godfrey rras
an error, the vessel beinc free.
Cargo on the China Steamer.
The steamer Doric sailed yesterday for China
anil Japan with a general cargo valued at
f. "07.237. manifested as follows: For China,
51C0.61S: Japan. IK0.3S9; Manila. $31,739; Bast
!r.d!os. J3376; Vladivostok, $10,737; Korea, $237.
The cargo included the following:
For China— 11, S00 lbs abalone meat, 9 cs
champagne. 16 crs bicycles and sundries, 176
rs canned goods. 1293 tt>s cheese, 1060 bales
domestic, 19.500 bbls flour. 8 pkgs fruit, 14S3
ikgs groceries and provisions, 67 bbls glass,
rex; lbs ham and bacon. 24 pkgs household
ccods, S rolls leather, 841 cs liquors. 17 cs
lamp goods, 570 pigs l*.td. 46 pkgs machinery,
**09 lbs pearl barley. 1000 fijs p«as. 50 cs shoes.
Si cs salmon. 3515 e« soap. 543. bdis shorts, 11
bales twine, 50 cs table oil. 20?6 gals wine.
For Japan— 4730 ga'.s bottled beer, 4730 lbs
'•utter, 41 pkgp bicycles and sundries. 44 C3
• anneil good?. 200 cs candles. 3400 ltales com
pressed «-otton. 7 cs electrical supplies, 510 bbls
S7S pkgs groceries and provisions, 7 pkgs
!ou*ehold goods. 3061 pigs lead. 146 rolls leather,
SI pkgs machinery. 1650 kegs nails, 50 bbls oak
•¦xtract. 47 cf printing 'nk. 50 cs paper. 70 bbla
' "sin. S of stationery, 57 on straw board. 41 cs
:"^i gals wine, 23 cs -i bbls whisky, 777 Mis
wire,
For Manila— 73 cs canned goods, 500 Jtra cocoa.
7 cs drugs, 7 cs ¦electrical supplies. 167 pkgs
crocfrie* «nd provisions. 19 bbls glassware, 8S
<-s ink. 10 cs photo goods. 40 cs paste and
mucilage, ST.OO ft lumber, 73- cs paper, 52 cs
rtatior.Ty. 6 C3 Fhocs, 130 cs 500 gals wine, 2700
< s whisky.
East Indies— 54© cs canned goods, 171 cs sal
mon. 1C1 pkgs groceries and provisions, 7 cs
100 gals wine.
Vladivostok— 709 cs canned goods, 1130 gals
bottled beer. 2(>3 pkgs groceries and provisions.
1» rolls leather. 420 tb« hops. 6 cs, saddlery. 8
l>kgs wagon material, 3 cs type writers. 4S70 ll>s
riricd fruit. TSGZ lbs liam. 3 pkgs machinery,
73 pkgs agricultural implements, 2 cs phono
graph ponds.
Korea — 39 pkgs groceries and provisions, 7 cs
canned goods.
Notice to Mariners.
8AN FRANCISCO BAT. CALIFORNIA.
Notice Is hereby given that a email capsized
tchoener. with two masts, has been' drifting
up tr.d down San Francitco Bay, between Mis-
Army Transport Grant Is Hurrying to Manila , in Order to
Bring Home the Last Contingent of the Volunteers
Before June 30 — The Doric Sails for Japan and China
Irish, United States Naval Officer, Dep
uty Custom Surveyor St. John and a rep
resentative of The'Call.'K "
"What's the news Irom China?" asked
Mr. Conger as he leaned over the rail.
"1 have Deen away a long while and do
not know 'what has happened."
Mr. Conger' was the picture of healtii.-
His face .was bronzed irom exposure to
the wind and sun, and as he stood on the
deck of the steamer; his strong figure en
veloped in a heavy overcoat ana a cap
on his head, -he looked more like a sturdy
sea captain of the olden time than the
cool, clear-headed diplomat that he has
shown himself to be.
"At the time I left China," Mr. Conger
said, "there was fear of serious trouble
between Russia and Japan, and things
were looking very black indeed. I left
six weeks ago, and at that time no.defin
ito demand had been made upon China
by America or the other powers as to
/the payment of air indemnity for war.ex
penses. The first thing that the repre
sentatives of the . powers agreed upon
was as to the largest amount that China
would be able to pay;, it was then pro
posed to scala down the total amount
of demands, in- excess of that, but I
could not get them to agree on that up
to the~time I.carne away. The represen
tatives of some of the powers were talk
ing of demanding the last cent. Sir Rob
ert U-art, the head of the Chinese Cus
toms, the Japanese Minister and the Eng
lish Minister proposed to the Chinese a
scheme to meet these demands, but noth
ing had been agreed upon up to the 'time
I came away. ¦ ¦..,'.
"Another matter was spoken of in
the event of China's refusal to meet
the demands. .It was proposed that
the powers taks possession of suffi
cient territory to offset their claims.
It has been predicted that if such a
course should be pursued ths empire
v/illgb' to pieces. In such event v the
missionary work will come to an end,
J revolutions will spring up in the va
'rious provinces against the powers
that taka possession and even against
the Chinese themselves, and that will
mean disturbance of , trade all over
the empire.'.'
Mark Twain's Criticism Unjust.
Mr. Conger was asked with reference to
the articles recently published by Mark
Twain.-.in which the missionaries- were
held responsible in a large measure for
the war and in which they were accused
of looting and'of aiding and abetting the
same. Mr. Conger replied that the mis
sionary question was one of the proposi
tions connected with the outbreak, but it
was not the immediate one. He said:
. "I have read Mark Twain's second arti
cle on the missionaries In -the- North
American Review. They have been griev
ously misrepresented from first to last.
The Americans have a larger number of
missionaries out there than any other na
tion, and I am frank to say that under
the circumstances there are very few
things which the missionaries have done,'
if any, for which there need be any apol
ogy .whatever. I do not mean to say that
the missionaries have done nothing which
upon review might have been better done
differently, but there is scarcely anything
which hag been done by them for which
they need apologize. The stories of their
looting are false, . to my • knowledge.
"I would have no business or
power to authorize a missionary to
make any claim whatever, but it was
my 'business as chief officer of this
country to advise with them. Believ
ing, that our Government would not
demand a monetary indemnity ¦ for
the murder and pillaging of native
Christians, I advised them that wher
ever they could make a settlement
themselves with the villages where
those murders or destruction of prop
erty had taken place, to make them."
"Li Hung Chang and Chang Yen Mao
suggested that settlements, might be
made in. this :.. way, .• with the; least
possible friction. I said, 'If these people
are willing and ready to reimburse the
missionaries and the native Christians for
the loss of life and property, accept their,,
offer. Do it upon your own responsibility;
I take no part In it and the legation
takes no part In it.' There was no going
out and compelling the people to pay any
thing. It was altogether Voluntary on
their part. ' .
Did Not Gather Booty to Sell.
"The missionaries have been criticized
very severely for- going. Immediately after
the siege was raised, Into abandoned
houses for shelter for themselves and the
native Christians who had been expelled
from their homes. I said, 'If there' is a
Boxer's habitation' abandoned, take pos
session of it so you can have a place in
which to shelter and take care of the na
tive Christians.' The property that they
found..in those houses was sold for the
benefit of the Chinese converts. They
found immediately after the siege that the
military people were scouring the town for
every bushel of rice and everything upon
which they could sustain their armies.
They £ound\ their own houses burned and
their property Bone. I said, 'You should
bestir yourselves in making provision for
these people and not wait until the armies
plant themselves here and take possession
of everything.'
"On the part, of the missionaries there
was no going out to gather booty or loot
to sell, but the missionaries took posses
sion of two large places, where they
stored .what food and clothing they could
collect. Only two of .those places were
entered and those houses were abandoned
by their occupants. ¦ It was simply a ques
tion of taking those provisions or letting
starvation stare them In the face. It was
a question of- it being looted by Chinese
or by soldiers 5n the armies. As it turned
out. however, , there was not the danger
of famine that everybody had expected at
first, because we supposed that^the arrnies
coming in would take everything in sight
to live on, and we did not realize that
there were probably 250,000 wealthy Chi
nese who had left the city who used to
buy this garden stuff and provisions and
that only 50,000 troops came in, so that
there was no scarcity of supplies. This
occupation that I speak of was immedi
ately after those people got out of the
siege. ¦ They went to the places which had
been the headquarters of Boxers, where
the Boxers had been supported and where
they had been drilling." -
Native Christians' Good Service.
Mr. Conger spoke of the good services
which the Christian natives rendered the
besieged. He said: . . ¦ . _ :
"It took every white man -we had to
stand by the guns. Without the mission
aries the legation would not have been
saved, and without the native Christians
none of us would have been saved. The
Christian Chinese had to come in there
and help us or die. There were a great
many. of them killed inside of our line of
defense— from 50 to 100 of them. Any one
of these Chinese Christians found outside
of our defenses' would have • been killed
immediately by the Boxers, so that the
efforts of all the defenders were for mu
tual protection. 1 The missionaries were
not the, prime cause of the trouble; they
were only one of the causes. The mis
sionaries were not responsible for the
building of the railroads, or for any of
the other foreign Innovations against
which the hatred Of the Boxers seemed to
be directed." . ....
On beinK asked concerning the relations
between Russia • and \the United States,
Mr. ; Conger replied that they were very
friendly at the time he came away'.' He
suggested that one of the issues that the
United States must provide for might be
that of the Russian occupation of Man
churia. ¦'.<•. ' * • .'¦.' .¦ .
"When I left Peking," added Mr.
Conger," "the powers were just then
filing their protsst against that oc
cupation. ' The -probability, is that
Russia, with. ' her large naval force
on the south and her great railroad
system going down there, will see
that her interests are, protected. Yet
she cannot make , a special arrangs
njent.with China while-China is ne
gotiating with other nations with
out in spirit violating the agreement
¦which she made with those other na
tions at. the commencement.. The
policy of . the United States . was fully
outlined' in the President's proclama
tion of July 3, and that policy has
been followed as closely, as "it could
STEAMSHIP NIPPON MARU ARRIVES
FROM ORIENT A DAY AHEAD OF TIME
Continued From Page One.
MINISTER CONfrER ARRIVES
THE SAK FB ANCISGO > CALL, FRIDAY, APRIL 2fi, 1901.
taine, for Havre; stmr Barbarossa,. for Brem
en, vhi Cherbourg. • • .
LEGHORN— Arrived April 21— Stmr Tang
tsze; from Tacorna and Valparaiso, via Mon
tevideo and St Vincent.
GLASGOW— Sailed April Stmr Corean,
for Philadelphia; stmr Peruvian, for Boston.
QUEKNSTOJVX— Sailed April 24— Stmr Ger
manic, for Xew York: stmr Noordland, for
Philadelphia; both from Liverpool.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast' and Geodetic Survey —
Times and Heights of High 'and Low
Waters at Fort Foint, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent. ,
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
FRIDAY, APRIL 26.
Run rises 5 : 20
Sun sets 6:5S
Moon sets i;2l a. m
Ii
5
< Time I Time Time Time '¦
Date Ft Ft. Ft. Ft. '
H W L. W H V/ L, W
26... 5:31 4.7 12:03 0.5 7:14 5.2 7.
L W H W L XV H W
27... 1:03 2.4 6:47 4.5 1:01 0.8 7:56 6 3
28 ... 2:00 1.9 8:00 4.5 1:55 1.1 - 8'39 5 5
2? ... 2:50 1.4 9:03 4.5 2:40 1.4 9:16 5*5
30... 3:32 1.0 30:00 4.6 3:15 1.7 9:50 5 fi
1 ... 4:05 0.7 10:49 4.6 3:49 2.0 10:20 5 7
2 ... 4:41| 0.4 11:34 4.6 4:20 2.2 10:44 5.6
• Steamer.
Destination.
ISails.j Pier.
April 2G.
Mandalay.... Coquille River .... 4 pm Pier 2
CltyPuobla.. Pupet Sound Ports 11 am Pier s
Corona Newport 9 am Pier 11
Eureka Humboldt 9 am Pier 13
Anril 27.
Empire Coos Bay 4 pm Pier 13
Isewburg; Grays Harbor .... 5 nm Pier 3
Marlposa Honolulu 2 pm P llr 7
North Fork... Humboldt 9 am Pier •>
Czarina Seattle & Tacoma. 5 pm Pier 8
Fulton Grays Harbor .... 5 pm Pier —
Point Arena.. Point Arena 2 pm Pier 2
April 2S.
South Coast.. Humboldt 10 am Pier 2
Australia Tahiti direct ". pi er 7
Pomona....... Humboldt 2 p m Pier 9
G. W> Elder.. Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
Santa Rosa... San Dlepo — *,.... 9 am Pier 11
• April 20. /
Alliance Ptlnd & C003 Bay. 5 pm Pier
S. Portland... I.Seattle & Tacoma. 5 pm Pier 13
San Juan Panama & "Way Pt 12 m PMSS
.April 3O.
Tanls Hamburg & Way.* Pie'r 27
Bonlta Newport 9 am Pier 11
Mar l. >
Coronado . Grays Harbor-.. pier 2
Queen Kan Dingo 9 am Pier 11
Walla Walla. Pugct Sound Ports 11 am Pier 9
TJora Nome via Seattle. 2 pm Pier
W. Kruser... Tillamook Bay .... 5 pm Pier 13
Arcata ". Coos Bay 4 pm Pier 13
Steamer.
From.
I Due.
San Pedro Humboldt i Apr. 26
South Coast.. .. Humboldt Apr. 2G
Czarina Seattle and Tacoma Apr! 26
Acme Tillarr.ook Bay Apr 26
Pomona: Humboldt ...Apr *>«
Victoria Comox Apr". 26
Alliance Portland and Coos Bay Apr "6
South Portland Tacoma Apr V
Walla Walla... Puget Sound Forts.... Apr! 27
Curacao Mexican Ports Apr. 27
P eru ••• Valparaiso via Panama Apr! 28
Mackinaw Seattle' Apr 28
Queen San Diego Apr' 28
Bonita Newport Apr *>«
Sierra........... SyCney & Way Ports.. Apr! 23
Crescent City.. Crescent City \n r 29
Eureka Humboldt Apr' 29
Columbia Portland and Astoria.. Apr! 30
Arcata Coos Bay Apr 30
Coronado :.. San Pedro " Apr' 30
Matteawan Tacoma Apr" 30
£ e ™ Panama & Way Ports Apr! 30
Corona Newport jiav l
Coronado San Pedro • m»v ,
W. H. Kruser:. San Pedro '" Mav 1
Umatilla Puget Sound Ports...! May 2
Santa Rosa San Diego Mav 2
Point Arena — 'Point Arena .".....;.... May 2
< Time I Time Time Time '¦
Date Ft Ft. Ft. Ft. '
H W L. W H V/ L, W
26... 5:31 4.7 12:03 0.5 7:14 5.2 7.
L W H W L XV H W
27... 1:03 2.4 6:47 4.5 1:01 0.8 7:56 6 3
28 ... 2:00 1.9 8:00 4.5 1:55 1.1 - 8'39 5 5
2? ... 2:50 1.4 9:03 4.5 2:40 1.4 9:16 5*5
30... 3:32 1.0 30:00 4.6 3:15 1.7 9:50 5 fi
1 ... 4:05 0.7 10:49 4.6 3:49 2.0 10:20 5 7
2 ... 4:41| 0.4 11:34 4.6 4:20 2.2 10:44 5.6
• Steamer.
Destination.
ISails.j Pier.
April 2G.
Mandalay.... Coquille River .... 4 pm Pier 2
CltyPuobla.. Pupet Sound Ports 11 am Pier s
Corona Newport 9 am Pier 11
Eureka Humboldt 9 am Pier 13
Anril 27.
Empire Coos Bay 4 pm Pier 13
Isewburg; Grays Harbor .... 5 nm Pier 3
Marlposa Honolulu 2 pm P llr 7
North Fork... Humboldt 9 am Pier •>
Czarina Seattle & Tacoma. 5 pm Pier 8
Fulton Grays Harbor .... 5 pm Pier —
Point Arena.. Point Arena 2 pm Pier 2
April 2S.
South Coast.. Humboldt 10 am Pier 2
Australia Tahiti direct ". pi er 7
Pomona....... Humboldt 2 p m Pier 9
G. W> Elder.. Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
Santa Rosa... San Dlepo — *,.... 9 am Pier 11
• April 20. /
Alliance Ptlnd & C003 Bay. 5 pm Pier
S. Portland... I.Seattle & Tacoma. 5 pm Pier 13
San Juan Panama & "Way Pt 12 m PMSS
.April 3O.
Tanls Hamburg & Way.* Pie'r 27
Bonlta Newport 9 am Pier 11
Mar l. >
Coronado . Grays Harbor-.. pier 2
Queen Kan Dingo 9 am Pier 11
Walla Walla. Pugct Sound Ports 11 am Pier 9
TJora Nome via Seattle. 2 pm Pier
W. Kruser... Tillamook Bay .... 5 pm Pier 13
Arcata ". Coos Bay 4 pm Pier 13
Steamer.
From.
I Due.
San Pedro Humboldt i Apr. 26
South Coast.. .. Humboldt Apr. 2G
Czarina Seattle and Tacoma Apr! 26
Acme Tillarr.ook Bay Apr 26
Pomona: Humboldt ...Apr *>«
Victoria Comox Apr". 26
Alliance Portland and Coos Bay Apr "6
South Portland Tacoma Apr V
Walla Walla... Puget Sound Forts.... Apr! 27
Curacao Mexican Ports Apr. 27
P eru ••• Valparaiso via Panama Apr! 28
Mackinaw Seattle' Apr 28
Queen San Diego Apr' 28
Bonita Newport Apr *>«
Sierra........... SyCney & Way Ports.. Apr! 23
Crescent City.. Crescent City \n r 29
Eureka Humboldt Apr' 29
Columbia Portland and Astoria.. Apr! 30
Arcata Coos Bay Apr 30
Coronado :.. San Pedro " Apr' 30
Matteawan Tacoma Apr" 30
£ e ™ Panama & Way Ports Apr! 30
Corona Newport jiav l
Coronado San Pedro • m»v ,
W. H. Kruser:. San Pedro '" Mav 1
Umatilla Puget Sound Ports...! May 2
Santa Rosa San Diego Mav 2
Point Arena — 'Point Arena .".....;.... May 2
£>. tppineS are being exhib'ted free KfflBT I 111^11^1 SS €*OntSnUeS ,«
%?' of charge by Robert W. Page, the fc* Is§{3b<L P*"*"** TP^ W^ g| Mjj pflgfjja n^ C ' OS^S l * ms Sa urday. Mo-e X
*£ big drum major, formerly of the [sH Hg^^^ <«t^*^^ «n» . |fM than 1 50 Lt'.es of world's beitbooks ; 'Jj
* Thirty-third Regimtnt, Vo:unteers. P» 4tf t 1tr*M-f** >ir * ¦^ M "*»- H^-^^ a*«1j. GjJ dcth bound ; at..... fl «*»•'•
5 * CALIFORNIA'S LARGEST-AMERICA'S GRANDEST STORE- 3 iOV &M.UU
I Lsasl Days of Big Clothing Sale. |
*? ' (^^» °& eTin g cnc fe at closing time to-morrow night. To the odd sizes and •*
j£» '¦¦; e 5T5$f . f- broken lots of Men's and Boys' Fine Summer Clothing we have added several "n
*£ ¦ vt^I nes °f ncvv Spring styles at a l'trle more than half their actual value. Take note
i >t$K/ s^ of the Sale o! Boys' Wash Sailor Suits at Hall Price We've never had a bargain S
JC /"\z)^ , (\ like it in this class of goods to ofFer you btfore, and don't believe that any one "'
|l /j**S I 1 '• Until Closing Time To-Morrow Night— men's Fine S»ck Su'ts; the ccat with the poptiar Mil:- \f
f? w^^X I -^ ' I '— tar y Shoulders; made of handsome alt-wool Cheviots, Cissimerss, and Woisreds, . *1
% J'Tr'X \ \ * ' n t * lc new stl 'P s aIM^ 9 ver -p 1 *i<l effects; rejiu'ar J 15.00 ; for «£><£?»^rS •"
J£ VJ *TJj s v \j' C^ / Un ii Closing Tiir.e To-Morrow Ni^ht— Men's vrr/ dressy $17.50 and S20.00 Sack Suits, ml: *£
K / Cn/Y\ *j\ l^L > I ofEn-lch Worstids, fine Fiench Vicuna Oxfords and Cimbridge Mixtures; JUS. •*
ti J \ ' ( \ 1*^ M S=s:^^T^ Vv """^ ¦ merchant taior patfrns; correct inatyle an! perfect in finish; for %^3Mm^r»^ «^
8f. • /^ ' A-^) ,\i kjs Until Closing Time To-Morrow Night — Men V fine .Top Overcoats; made of Cover: Cloths (in •*
|S \ i r\ ' Xjs ' \\ / the lighter -hades) and in splenlid light. and dark Oxford Gray; tte proper £,** JtEZ «*
j»- L V. \\' / " coat for Spring wear; regularly $15.00 and $17.50 for..'. .«.."« <3^#a«Tr*3 ,t
*? T| I VT \\- / Boys' $2.50 Wash Sailor Suits. $1.23 — For biys 3 to 10 -years; Russian BIouss Suit3 in this >J
J£ • \\ '~ • \\ I ¦ lot; handsome patterns ; guaranteed "absolutely fait colors; regularly $5.50; 42?^ AA'.
\ ; W\4 X I likprice.... '..,.."... ...'.: &i*£i9$'fl
*.* \V \\ / Boys' $3 50 Wash Sailor Suits — 75 different patterns $1 83 '^
h, . ' .. / \ I /) 1^. Boys" $7«50 Long Pants Suits — Blue and'brown cheviot* and fancy cheviots and cajsiroeres. ... V
J£ rj M > £f\\P^ r • ••• • ,....v......... 5-4 95 3*
* *~ MA^W" B °y $ ' $10.66 Russian Blouse Suits— Sizes x% to 6 years $4*85 %
|I S^^ 1^ (p Boys' J5.00 3-Piece Vest Suh—Faihionab'y cut $3.48%
a? : ¦¦ •-. ¦" '¦-. ¦ ¦ : : : : -r . .. '• ¦ ; • $
% : Spetsial Two-Day Sale, of Sale of Importer's Stock *
| Dress Goods Remnants. Stylish Pattern Veils. 3
jf To- c'ay and to-m:rrow, choice of our entire stock" of black and co'ored 75c and $1.00 Veils, 37c cadj lor two days, Friday and Saturday j€
tf Dess Goors remnants, suitable for skirts, waists, chidren's drtssrs '--.Posirivelygthc choicest lot" of Pattern Veils ever offered '?
2, and a Hm:t:d nunaber of suit lengths, incuding many of th:s season s • t t l i V •' ' ,^._ . _ -_ TT 1 -.:! :- »u: 1~»* V
% most popular w,av«; all of them a'rcldy «d«:ei and bargains at the at Special sale by the big Store ; I 5 5 O Veils in this lot. *
tf .'¦ marked prices, at a Jtill further reduction of onO-Qtiarter 7C0 Pattern Tuxed a Mesh Veils '2
ti nff ~ '¦¦ - — W:t a silk embroidered border, • /A^\\j1l "2
»? " _." :'.;¦ . with hand-spottel chenil'e dots; J&JsS^t'JJh "5
| Sp&Giat Two-Dav Safe of fe^iJ^o^ 1 jtf&$£^F «
* Sweaters and Golf Stockings. /^^^^ r:^)- •;
* : <--* ; The te.tUrgaV. in these lines of goois 850 Pattern Veils— Fine si'fc, tW$^^E^^*^ : - ;7 } :>!i ' <f
J£ • -^^i ~~^~ .mi*mi thit"'h'ave T to our knowledge, ever been ¦¦ Brussis net, with embroidered Pj^—^^yy^ • < " X * . *'- \ "J
h /<!jfi .'!(ilj jiillM*^ rffered in this city. Th's special sale is and chenille bcrdsr ; also chenille K^^^^^^^jQijiJ^^ [f
** I'm Hi MK P™ cr Fr i ia y> nd . Saturda y' cn^-:'.' : - :. : ' ; ''-. '. ?& in b!ack » whit -* an(I m «p'= ; •*
£ ' / / !!l i <WW ' ! i 'J ai cozen wWen ¦'Golf Stockings— in a • va'ues.|i.oo 4£ «p_ . , p •»
«f i!"'/) ''i.VH.'iVu'i 1 1!'// heather mixtuie— with fancy cuffs, no iach ; sale price. . .m9M %M ¦¦ . - • " x
*" if///-'/ ill-'lli'ii W i 1 'W fet > ma^in Eng'and;' spechl' jmsm^ ¦ -. ' : : • ¦ . '%
$ »pfflW $16.50 Silk Sto'rts-SW.OO. §
£ m-.t^ Wm li'k . -7 do-n high-grade footle.sGo'f Stock- • _. - j Like F ; cturc , cthcrs ; taffer,, %
§ ¦ •' •: ry^mgs, black cadamcremmany; ttj.es of WrrK ro dy of JkrC tucked aU over \vith fine tucks ; fl. tt n« *
X \ V W fMY^i special- Friday and . - VI K . . of t1)bon ruching . has the (.. , •«
* . Siturday only. ** * . Will i fishionaKe flare, is well made ; fine hanging and lined ««
h BoysSwC3t;rs ; Heavy wool in black, b'ue 'and cardinal; and medium . |////// /\ with splendid percalina; regularly $16.50; special, 5
tf wcghtjcr.e/ Swea-ers in Oxford, navy, l : ghtbue and scarlet, with \ ,«///// f\ to-dav and to- « n -* g* %
ti fancy striptd trimmings; a'.sj boys' light-wsight Jeney. Sweat.T3 . 111 tillJH fiK tmnou) only.. C^**#«W*^ )f
ft* 1 v black with fancy str p:d trimmings; not one in the lot of these three ¦ jjoijl m\V. jmJtkJ •'
lines worth JciS than $1.00; all on spscial-sae "Friday and -•«_, hf\\u I'mVK $12^1 a n d j£!$tZ>£)5 {!
ff- 1 . Saturday only at ..../..¦...... . : /. V ZS G JBwX \ IW^v $13.50Si!k Eton , %
If Men's AII-WooI Sweaters; in green, navy ani maroon; a £* 9f /•wCj^^S^S^V f995. Four !*
regu'ar $1.75 value; spechl Friday an! Saturday only ..,&§.&£ styhs of new silk •*
I*...-*., ¦ • ' ~. . - ' ,.- ¦ " \' /K * fst^yr Eton Jackets ; <S^k. "^
g • ... Under muslin Specials. • . , .^ — ¦ fi«='y t«^j »nd :«
h /£& r>y. ¦ e £ r ui'r t P ! «n tai or sty.e ; collarrss or Bernhardt coL'ars ; just MmI/,?/ •'
ft'-. ¦ 4r-# '¦¦•¦¦¦ a11 tUcks and laCe mserMon voke ' Uccon cufti days* nle; regular v <i- co ani Wfifmt/tJ 2
St &&,^4p and neck: the other with fin; tucked new ftyk *. . J. .,• -, * " . 6Q OP WL'i't'/'/' V'-' —
$ -f^i&J-- yoke, tucked embroidery ruffle on edge of yoke, i^° i Ktd,? and Saturday .. &9.S*. J|V^^ g
5 (®S\vJSSr| ¦ ¦ ' ' tucks and embroidery on cuffs, wash sHk ribbon $J2.50, $15.00 and $20.00 Tailor Drcs e$, $10.00- W'/itJlft "2
K /«&^rldtr9* aronnd neck 5 thc:e 8° wns sIwavs 8old for l 1^ 0 ; Assorted lot of ne.v E'oa |i2. 5 o and Jij.oo Tai-or * W/ ;^ X
W ]^O ; BlP'- t0Hja3r SpCC ' Vj 3nd ° nly tW ° tO €2f &}** Drcs.es, and also quits a -numbet of last season's f 1% \
i TV* fP l^ ' CUS '° mcr ' ; at - •••••¦•'• ;•••• ¦* # $2o.co TaUor Dresses; aisortcd styles; all to-day I M/ #
jf' \ > -Ladies' cambric Corset Covers, 12 gor:dpiice3, and to-morrow, at one pr.'ce . g»H0% nr% * Prar *3
K \ 1 -'.yoke henvtitched, recktrlmmid with embroid- ;.. t $MUmOQ ij^ •"•
~ ) 1 I cry, pearl buttons," all seams fini h:d, " /: "t
J J| I price always 50c; to-day social at. „ . £&C GuHZUJ EtttiS 25C, |
*C \ |V Slieet SViUSiC SpeCialS 5 °° Culta:n Ends— all kinds and lengths, just ths thing for sash cur- 3«
Z> ; 'J 1 i\ : _, , 1 • t . /i--j v tains, bathroom windows and odd p'aces: not one of them but -». J*
Jf n \m These reduced prices are for to-day (Friday) is worth double the price aiked for them; to-day only, each. 55C •'
t? NJ i S only: . './ . _' »•
t£ H\ JX -. "I Want to Go To-Morrow," /5»J; -. " ~~Z 7~^ 71 "2
.>V^ "When the Harvest Days Are O'er," fSCJ Garpet &&& FUmitiSre %
II WM^00^^^m$^Si Specials for Friday ana Saturday. |
h A'so about 300 Single Copies, 1 ea.:h ofthe latest music, ritail- — Tapestry Carpeti— ico rolls of heavy io-w:rc goods, the Jr. 00 qual- TJ
2" ing at our regular cut price of 25c; special to-day only, per copy &C «y, handsome styles and art colorings; special for two days, _ _ %
H Brainad's Rag ime Folia— Th: best in that limevcr pub- _ F« J« d MOC X
j£ lish;d, regular price 75c, to-day, sp:cial O&C Smyrna Rugs — 30x60 inches, reversible, Oriental and an °5
j^ ~ ¦ ~ m ~p ~gTi ~M ~ floral designs; special for two days $Mm5O
X . . Vwrittnff, TSlnaCzS 9 OC. Corduroy Couch— Several pretty colorings for upholsterlnj, tufted and *2
!C The biggest value ever offered in th's citv; to-day only, 700 notz size fringsd, well mads'and worth |lo.oo; special for two 4*—, _ *
Jf Tablzts, 500 packet Tablets and 500 letter Tablets, of fine, _ days $0.50 3»
i? heavy, satin wove cream paper, on special sale, e:ch DC * X
t Tr**M***—s*ri Hz*i «»#*» Grocery Specials To-Day. :?
* B /rlBjgWWa&SB irScM* tt <iBW£m Granulated Sugar - Best drr granulated ....... f 9 /& S ., St **O %
H The entire stock' of Trimmed Hats of a j£^s£ti£(*fc Macaroni, Verm'celH or Sp-ghttti— Regularly 25c box; to-day... 1Q O 3*
K New York millnery wholcsa'tr on Pezrline Washing Powder— i-.b. packages, regularly 10c; to-dav . . -J
E sa'e to-day and to-msirow. Hardly ' 3 PZCkS^CS, 25O %
t£ any two alike. They are what are ISfe £& -aT>^- Corn— Best Western, regu'ariy 10c tin; to-cay Q o
J? usually called wholesale Pattern Hats. - f >7rvl2^ LoO$e Uundr y Starch -To-day 5 /fos., 2 JC *
f We got them at a big discount. We \jllf^fy^ Graham Or VVhole Wheat Hour— I o-lb. sacks, regularly a 5 c t3- 2
ft- have assorted them into three 2ot ? , MW^&&* day v -2Qo .«
j^ and until closing tim: to-morro.v k ?W Orange cr Lemon Blend— Regolarly soc a jar; sptcial to-day at. ISO •*
a» r.ieht the special prices will be " *^' £. fg >. '* °aj
% $6*50, $8.50, $15 fcV Special Sale liquors. :4
£ And not one n th= whole lot but is worth several do.lars more. Hoc '< Vhite Wine— A choice product, regrfarly 60c a ga!. ; to-day. 45 G %
J : . ; : ¦ Kentucky Bourbon Whi. key -Full quart tottles, rsgulariy 75c; t»- \
| : Peart Buttons, 4e Dozen, 'SS^^^^^^^^sS^i
K 3000 cards of pure white Pearl Buttons; a holes; tize 16, 18, 20, zz quantity will b: dosed out, to-day only, 3 bottles, 25CZ wr "5
S- and,24b'ne; everv button perf;ct; on speci J !a!c to day on y; -^ dorm $1*47 ' V
jr cards of 2 dox ¦'n ... ':. . . . . :. . . . — ...... ofi " .......... .
I Children's 25c Hose, 14c. 75c Metal Plataues~33c. :?
1? A iir,-e special purchase on sale Friday and Saturdiy.' Childrsn's 25c 500 Metal Plaques, with gilt lims, with ring in back for hinging; "f
*? ¦ ' 1x1 and axi ribbed extra heavy Cotton Hose; fast black, double knres, each plaque 16 inches in diameter and upon it a choice picture, ar- •'
?|« heels and soles; a popular hes; at ths regular price; a very _ — tistica'ly executed in colors; a nice assoitmrnt to choose from; g^g^ °3
£ ipecial bargain at the sa'.c price; per pair '#4rC regularly 75c; special Friday onlj 33G °<«
A? •/¦„...¦./.•'«. .-.,-. ' . "'""' . . . . . '. ' . '. ",„.•*
THE EMPORIUM.
THE I EMPORIUM.
THE EMPOEIXJM.FRIDAY ...; APRIL 26, 1901
JOHN D. SPRECKELS. Proprietor.
* U W. S. LEAKE. Utntgtr.
I'l OLICATION OFFICE... Market and Third. S. V.
Telephone Press 201.
EDITORIAL ROO3IS.....21T to 221 SteTenson S*.
Telephone Prena 2O2.
DellTered by Carriers, 15 Cents Per Weelc
SlnirlA Copies. 5 Cents.
Terms by Mail. Inclndlnr Fomtngtt
>ATI>T CAUL, ffnrluainr f?nnday>, «»e year *'-JJjj
PAII-T CALL, Sunday). • montba ••""
DAILT CAU.. (Includlnr Bunday), t month*..... »-"°
DAU.y CAU^-Dy Elnsle Month. ••••• c £;
WEEKtT CXL.U On* Tear •' I>00
All poalmatlera are anthorlied to rece!»»
•Dbaerlptlon«.
F.amplt ooptM wl!l b# forwarded when rw»ett«4.
Mat! •ubMTit^ni in ord^Hn* *-hanr« of m/lAw ahnoM b»
rartJruiar to *»»• both SEW AND OLDAPDnnW Jn erd«r
t« !:.rur«. * prompt «nd ecnvct oon»pllw»c« with tb«Jr r#qu«§t.
OAKLAND OPt"ICn ...111S nroufltrnr
C. GROIKin KKOCM5«s.
Mutftr TcTtin Adrtrtlfing, Ktr«aitU BslUlBf. Oblnrt.
(Long Ulft»nc» Trl*phnni "Cmtrtl 2611.")
. NTTT TOIIK REPnESEirrATTVEJ
C. C. CAnwo.v Herald 8a«ar*
JTOW YORK RErnEHnNTATrvTSt
STCPnCH D. SMITH . ....... .30 Tribune nnlldlnff
NEW TORK HEWB STAKSS:
Waiflorf-Artorla, Hotel; A. . Brcntano, a Union B<jTja«:
Uarrty Bill HoteL
CHICAGO NKWS 8TAND8:
Eh*rmsa Hous»; P. O. News Co.; Greet Northern Hotel:
Fremont House; Auditorium HoteL •,
WASmiVGTOW <Tt. C> OFFICE. . . . 14OO O St., Jf.' W.
MORTOX E. CHA>'B. Correspondent. 1
Tin AXCII OFFICES— 527 Montgomery, corner or Clay, open
until 9:S0 o'clock. SOO Hayes, open until 9:30 o'clock. €33
McAllister, open until 9:30 o'clock. 615 Larkln, open until
C 30 o'clock. 1941 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 2261 Market,
corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock.' 1096 Valencia, open
, tfrtil I o'clock. 106 Eleventh, open untU 9 o'clock. NW. cor
'--¦ r»rjrwCTty->ecopil and Kentucky, open until 9 o'clock.
-COROXADO TENT CITY.' Coronado Beach.
v.aL. will be the popular summer resort this
reason. It became famous. last year for com
fort, entertainment and .' health. Its 3j>lendld
eafe was a wonder, the fishing unexcelled.
CAECFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, April 25.-The following
Calif ornians are in Nev/ York: WIng
•From San Francisco— M. Block «? p-
Block, at Imperial; L. Brand. E. Brand at
Manhattan; S. Sieberhauer. at sSrtderP-
B. Carleton, at Criterion'; G. F EleriaM'
atrlmperial; V. Faulkner, at Criterion* E
H. Hamilton, at Hofr man: L. 'A. "ores' S
Murray Hill; E. A. Phelps, at Holland -'h
W. Scwell. at Herald Square; G. \v Reed
dU Holland; C. E. Walley, at Broadway
Central. , • *
; From Los'Angeles-J. D. : Schuyler at
I-Ianhattan. * .
.The Democrats, of California intend,' it is. said,' io
reorganize their party in the State. 'They have under
taken a task 'which secnis to the .ordinary, observer
something as difficult ; and as.- impossible . as"a resur
rection. ' ¦ ¦ ' . . ¦ . /V ':~:-" ; N • ¦ '¦' ¦¦¦ ¦ : '
'The enthusiasm with which two police-officers of
Oakland captured three burglars the other night aiid
pum raeled them almost to death is a sign highly sug
gestive that it. will be wise; for malefactors to migrate
it om the town across » he. bay. . \
g There is a report that the, young- men of the smart
set in the East intend to "take up politics as a. diver
sion, - and if they do ; there will be . gay times in the
wards at the next elections; for the smart boys are
sjrorty and have money to burn. "' \» ; '\ ¦•
¦/ ' ; : -.-....'I- .;';".- — "¦ '"¦ '¦ " " '¦ ' ¦:'"¦¦'"¦
After months of storm and stress, quarrels, smash
ing of reputations an-1 general unrest the Hawaiian
Islands are again happily. at peace. The Territorial
legislature has adjourned. - < r -^; : .
Cro-.vn Prince Frederick of Germany has begun
hi* collegiate career it Bonn University. It j s to be
hoped that the young msn will have wisdom enough
to realize without delay that there is no. royal road to
The dread fear that President' McKinley will leave
crai splendid scene of feasts, dinners, breakfasts and
myriad entertainments with chronic indigestion is
met by the. hope that lie will know, at least that we
mcn.nt well whatever the consequences.
Sir Alfred Milner's gloomy, report on the. situation
in South Africa, taken in connection with the doleful
story of debt and deScit.told by the Chancellor of the
Exchequer in explaining the necessity for an increase
of taxation, will enable the British public to go
through the j-ear of mourning for Victoria without
shaming themselves in an effort to look sad." '
"Jack was more than half an hm,,.
saWUn'cirEben.-'d^? 1 grSde /f^'"'
much foh de,'mejlt benefit as ,t is 'fo'h
g'vin era a staht an' lettin' ' em Innw
whah to come nex' time.-'-wfs^C
A CHANCE TO SMILE
nS lM™M? l0ve ano^er wo
,"1 should hope not I" . ¦
rn^^Sd^^nS^^^ 1 :"-
Some railroads advertise to carry pas-,
sengers through without change — but they
make a fellow pay just the same. , "
.'. Edward Suhr, an ¦ extensive planter of
Honolulu, accompanied by his family, ar
rived on the ' Nippon Maru . yesterday 'ana
is staying at the Occidental. '
> Word ¦ has been rec8ive<3 hero that _ ex-
Congressman Marion de.Vries is seriously
ill in New York City. ; He is suffering
from intestinal; indigestion. ./- ;, •
., W. A. Junker, manager of the Hotel del
Monte, arrived in the city last evening
andiis staying at the Palace. .
L. W. Shihn. a mining • man of Angels
Camp, '.is "spending a few days at the Lick.
Frank H. Buch, a fruit "raiser of Vaca
ville, is at the Palace. .,'
• George -W. Pel tin; of Sacramento Is at
the Grand fora few days. ': ,.
R.. A:. Rowan, an oil man of Los Ange
les," is ii guest at the' Lick. " • ; -
; F.' Irwin Herron of Los Angeles regis
tered "at the 'Palace yesterday, v • - .
A., A. Simpson, a lumber man of Stock
ton,-is a guest at the Occidental. ' -i'. : - -".'¦/
C. W. Spear of Montana,, accompanied
by his wife. Is staying at the Palace.
• M,, Fox, an'oil man of Baker sfleld, is at
the-Lick. -;,;¦¦"- -¦.. - . ' " , ' .. ' .. .. : ;
L? Hirschfleld, an oil man of Bakersfield,
is at the Lick. - "\ '¦ ' ¦.
¦ •Henry -Newell, a merchant of. Salt Lake,
is a guest at. the Lick. ,.
S: N. Rucker, a furniture dealer of San
Jose, is at the Palace._ . ". ¦ . ¦ . . ¦
D. S. Fish of Hanford.is at the Grand,
PERSONAL MENTION.
WHEN Arthur Xhamb'erlairi,.. brother of the
British Colonial Secretary, obtained a verdict
in- his libel suit Against certain newspaper in
London that had charged the Secretary with sharing
'with his-brothei- in) Government contracts it was gen
erally believed the. verdict carried with' it. an acquittal
of the Secretary from* the charges, and a-condemna-'
tion of the papers. Fuller reports .from .-London,
however, put a different complexion on the verdict.
The relation of Joseph Chambeflain.-to the contracts
under .consideration, was not brought into the case.
: Arthur Chamberlain obtained >a judgment' with honri
tiai damages solely, because of misstatementf that had
been made with respect tchimsclf. r .;. ; : : .1 ' -
The Lord Chief Justice, before whom the; case, was
tried, virtually supported the claim of the defendants
on the larger issue involved; He is reported as having
said from the bench: "I do not agree with Sir Ed
.\vard Clarke's view that these .articles could not be
'iair comment,' for they were traced to Mr. Chamber
bin's declaration in the House of, Commons that he
had no" interest, 'direct or r indirect.' , I consider that
the connection of members of . the; Government with
firms which might be 'manufacturing articles for the
Government is a matter which any public writer has
a light to comment; upon. I go -quite as. far as Mr
Isaacs (attorney for the- newspapers) in regard to our
public life, and would not be limited by any company
'law or any point about being : only, a /shareholder.
¦The newspaper was perfectly entitled to comment
THE RIGHT - OF COMMENT.
Beginning May 1 Stoddard & Bon will run a
daily stage line from Merced to Tosemite Falls,
connecting with the California limited. Leav
ing San Francisco at 9 a. m. to-day you are
at Yosemlfe Falls to-.i*orrow afternoon at 5.
The rate is $23 50 from San Francisco ;Tor the
round • trip, carrying you by way of ' Merced
big trees. " . -- .
The Santa Fe to YoseTnite.
It la told of a St. Louis miser that he
eats his meals in front of a mirror be
cause It doubles the dishes.
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by th«
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. • ¦
. Townsend's California glace fruits. 50c %
pound. In fire-etched boxes or Jap bas
kets. 639 Market, , Palace Hotel building.*
Cal. glace fruit 50c per 1b at Townaend's.*
Choice candieg, Townsend's. Palace Hotel*
ing Calif ornians are In Washington:
At the Raleigh, Fred W. Vaughan and
wife, Mr. and Mrs. C. B. Jennings, A,
Sbarboro; Shoreham, E. J. Tobin; Arling
ton, Mrs* John M. Klein;" all of San Fran
cisco. ¦'-".:<¦ r
WASHINGTON, April 23.— The follow-
CAIiirORNIANS IN WASHINGTON
But it frequently happened that these
scoffers were taken spiritually captive by
? h £*E r f, ach , er ' bound hand and* foot and
laid bellowing at the mourner's bench
Then the boys on the back seats nn
longer able to contain themselves io'in^rt
the invocation with "Whoa, Gabriel'
whoa! ' *
If dancing In the pioneer village could
be heard half Its length preaching could
be heard almost into the next county A
redhot stove and a crowded schoolhouse
candles yellowing the dim air, and a good
man with lungs, were the ingredients of a
roaring revival. Outside the white winter
landscape stretched to a circle of woods
and a sky of fading primrose. Inside it
was early candle lighting and the preacher
exhorted with all his might. "^ V
''The angel Gabriel is here," shouted one
of these vigorous men, whose sense of the
sublime did not always keep him off the
line of the ridiculous. "The angel Gabriel
has come down to record the name of anv
sinner that repents. Will no one' come fo*
ward for prayers? Stop, Gabriel! Don't go
"When ths Preaching Began.
"I reckon you'll all come to meeting to
night. The Lord and the preacher have
both rode into town!" >
When you have a good thing you ought
to make the moat of it. And still unsatis
fied, Ab hastened to the general store and
repeated to a woman chewing calico to
see If it would fade and two drovers with
snakewhips, waiting for the storekeeper
to hunt out letters:
A joke on religion was precious on ac
count of its daring. So when Ab Smith
saw Jim Lord ride into town with the
itinerant and said to a chance bystander,
I reckon we can have meeting now; the
Lord and the preacher have both come to
town!" it was too good to lose. He betook
him to the drug store, that senate of
the pioneer village, and proclaimed to the
lounging Senators:
"Say, boys, we ought to have meeting
now; the Lord and the preacher have both
come to town!"
Religion was the town's winter dissipa
tion; indulged in at the schoolhouse, lor
there was no church. Devout persons en
tertained the itinerant preacher, who was
usually a glib and hardy man, able to ride
winter stretches of prairie with saddle
bags strapped behind him and to brow
beat reprobates who interrupted divme
services. .
The itinerant Preacher.
heads turned dizzy and they dared scarce
ly look at the bounding hopper there.
Wild game was the cheapest food. It
only cost powder and shot. But whatever
the resources of a house its table was free
to every comer.
The most exciting event of "the week
was the. mail hack's rumbling in from
space, sometimes covered with mud
sometimes ice clad like a ship. The driver
was a hero, who made nothing of sloughs
and washed-out bridges. He brought mys
terious passengers, who briefly alighted
at the tavern and proceeded. toward. the
end of the world/ Though occasionally
some man dropped down from Eastern
cities, or some woman so fine and beauti
ful as to be socially condemned as proud
they were startling contrasts in a nioneer
community.' "
The . mail pouch discharged a modest
When the Mail Hack Cams in.
Neither she nor the young farmer who
danced with such fervor knew any of the
modern arts of expression. Their conduct
was usually strict. They watched each
other furtively, the girl stiffly modest,- or
alluring, according to her temperament,
the man shy or presumptuous. Yet both
fell victims -to matrimony at a very early
age. The popularity of any candidate for
social favor was quenched if a man was
pronounced "green" or a maid "soft."
What green and soft were does not strict
ly appear. Stern qualities were perhaps
needed in that striving generation.! In
dulgence of children, was a sin. And
though some drunkenness and • some
breaking of the commandments shocked
the pioneer village, its standard was high.
Tho fascinating -youth of that period,
oiled his hair with bear's grease. He raced
horses, and sometimes, in great secrecy
and wickedness, played cards. But if his
mother discovered this she wept and
prayed. over him, making him feel very
precious and singed by a narrow but ex
citing and altogether pleasant escape
from hell."
The tavern was also the : theater when
a traveling winter show found the schaol
house too small an arena. A sheet on the
dining-room wall received the magic-lan
tern man's pictures, and village blood cur
dled at a blue-robed Salome offering the
head of John the Baptist to a scarlet
Herod.
Being Thought Green or Soft.
" A length of unadorned neck, sometimes
a fine white shaft, rose above the collar.
And no girl who respected herself was
ever seen with what sh.e called a frizzly
head. She oiled and sleeked her locks,
parted them exactly above the tip of her
nose— for a parting on the side ,was mas
culine !— puff ed them widely -over her ears
and knotted them' underneath her crown
with a comb. . • ., ; ¦¦
have started a revolution indeed. The
belles at these assemblies wore dresses
of delaine, sewed by their own fingers,
and broad muslin collars of their own
embroidering. Each woman was then her
own sewing machine. . ¦ •
SALEM— E. C, Oakland. Cal. The au
thor of "Half a Century In Salem" Is S11&
bee; published by Houghton, Mlfflln & Co..
Boston, Mass.
TRANSPORTS— One Subscriber. City.'
Kor,the Information desired about the pay
to men on transports apply at the United
States navy pay office In the Phelan
building. ;
THE CALL ATLAS— H. D., Vallejo and
others. The Call Atlas will be ready for
delivery in a short time. Be patient and
you will be rewarded by having? a Urst
class book delivered to you.
NAVIGATION-J. E. H.. City. Any book
dealer can procure for you a book on nav
igation. Such work, however, without a
teacher, would be. of but little use to a
beginner. One who desires to study navi
gation should secure the services of a
competent instructor. A person can study
navigation without going to sea, but one
who desires to be thoroughly compete'nt
to navigate a vessel should take a lew
trips to sea so as to obtain practical
knowledge of what he studied.
ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
The narrative is ridiculous and will make an old
Californian laugh at Eastern credulity^ while the mule
drivers who haul borax on that' desert will roar. Death
Valley is a little safer than Broadway in New York,
end much more so than the residence districts of Chi
cago under the protection of Carter. Harrison's police
The hitherto unbrave-i terrors and unbroken mys
teiy of that terrible valley are duly Munchausened and
magnified. Its deadly fumes, miasmas, malaria,
mirage and misery are dwelt upon at terrifying length.
The shrinking of large numbers of brave men from the
task of entering that region of horrors, and the de
populating effect upon fhe country around of its repu
tation for being^ the home of monslers, of poison
emitting crevasses in the' red-hot.' earth, of simoons,
cyclones, typhoons and all the terrors of the air, work
upon the taste for the terrible. Its sand storms, dust
storms, dirt storms, its showers of salt, borax, brim
tone and all that chokes, constricts, suffocates and
kills, are told about in a fashion to make the reader
sr.eeze and throw up the sash for fresh air.
• Having cist up this blood-curdling and hair-raising
scene, they introduce Funston in the foreground,
back to the audience and face to the Valley 6f Death.
He gives himself the word of command, and, mark
ing time to get himself in step, marches into the
sandy mist and mystery. His figure lessens as the
perspective increases, and is finally merged in the
rrirage and is seen no more. Morgue and mournful
thoughts occupy the beholders, who reflect upon the
highly polished condition of the hero's bones when
they shall be found. The pious among them pray that
at least his soul will find transportation from the blear
bosom of the desert to n place of living waters. After
long suspense he reappears. He has bisected, cir
cumnavigated and meandered the Valley of Death,
set his heel on the neck of its monsters, cut down its'
upas trees to make a fire to boil his coffee, spit to
bacco juice down its crevasses, breathed its sands and
coughed them up, sniffed its sulphur and grown fat
on it — in fine, has taken* the sting of Death Valley
and brought it back in his hatband! .
FUNSTON flND DEATH VALLEY.
IT may be an effort to paint the lily, but when the
new school of adulators of General Funston pub
lish fairy tales -about his -exploration of Death
Valley "it is to laugh." Several chapters of this stuff
is out. In 1890 he was with one of the summer
junkets of Major Powell's geological survey, botan
izing in Death Valley and the near-by mountains. Re
membering this episode in his career Eastern papers
ire filled with his achievements in that service.
It must be admitted such statements jfom-.the Chan
cellor of the' Exchequer are not of a character to com
fort the war party. r The feast of glory 1 and ; of con
.quesf jri South Africa has : n6t been, very satisfying
and; yet, as the .Chancellor, said, "This .small -war- has
cost $755,000,000— -double • the" cost '; . of .the -Crimean
war." "Tha x tiri itself would be a high price to pay for
a feast, but it is by no hiearis'the whole, for the
ii not. yet over. Evidently the Chancellor was siu
cerc'whenhe closed his | speech % with the statement:
"If you defeat our budget you will /relieve us of an
almost insupportable burden." The Ministers;, in fact,
would riot be sorry to have- an .excuse for*. quitting
the-job.- * ¦ ' ¦ . . ¦ ,../.;•¦'-.. *•""'--' :. '
,It has been the hope of the jingoes in the Cabinet
and in the country that some way could be found for
providing for the war expenditures without heavily
increasing taxation. Chamberlain and others hoped
to v be able to raise a considerable portion" of the.rev
enue from taxes on the mines and the lands of South
Africa. That hope was shattered by the Chancellor
of the Exchequer. He informed Parliament that
South' Africa has been brought to the verge of ruin
and could yield no revenues for years to come. Then
he added: "I aim at no transient popularity; I ask
for no cheers, arid I expect nbhe.M come to tell the
nation the truth and the whble truth. It is necessary
for. the salvation of the nation that T should do so.
You have, had your feast. ..You have all, Liberals and
Tories, been mad-for tioting and i expenditures Now
comes the reckoning, aiid you.'maylaugh or not.Vas
3'ou please." ". .; - •¦ ¦ . -; : ,
The latest story of dissensions in the Ministry is to
the effect that Chamberlain is dissatisfied with the tax
bill proposed by the Chancellor of the Exchequer, and
thsc in the Cabinet he pressed his objection's, so far
the Chancellor'threatened to Vesigri? iThe' story may
be exaggerated, but there is riothingWprqbable in it.
In fact, in his speech presenting the budget to, Par
liament the Chancellor hardly concealed his disgust
with the war into which Chamberlain's policy has
plunged the empire, and from a man who talks that
way in public it is not unreasonable to suppose there
domes in private discussion a good many strictures
which Chamberlain, finds it hard to put up with.
pZJ OR', some time past? dispatches from, London
I '. have ¦ been brimming with reports of dissensions
.*•:--; in the Ministry. Lord Salisbury is in the
Riviera trying to enjoy a'holiday in the spring sun
.shine, and in his absence his colleagues are making
trouble for one another. . It was not a strong Cabinet
at the start, arid even had it been. a harmonious one
could not long retain power; but being as it is, a dis
cordant body, there appears every reason for .believ
ing it will soon go to pieces. In fact; it. is doubtful if
Salisbury will try to hoM it together any longer than
is necessary to get through Parliament the legislation
required to furnish the Government with routine ex
penses. • ," • • . ;
THE FEAST AND THE BILL.
The Polka Fashions, 1845.
The San Francisco Call.
PABERS-ON CURRENT TOPICS,
Pre^ared by Experts and Specialists for
How American Pioneers Found Recreation,
Diversion and Pleasure in the Vil-
By Mary Hartwell Oatherwood.
.AUTHOR OP "THIS ROMANCE OF DO M.AItD," "JHE PT0RY OF TONTf,"
"TliK EAYS OF JEANNE D'ARC," KTC.
COPYRIUJ'T. 190J. .
X.—A PIONEER VILLAGE.
Acres* the early years of the nineteenth
century, when wild plum srreves made
oases on tho prairies and wild deer bedded
by the equally <«iiml vo eeni ltlve flower,
ond forestg belted the itreams, a typical
pfoneer village' strung itself along a sin
gle itreet which had been a trail. Town
began at th& brldgo and ended at the tav
ern. The unpaved sidewalks in wet
weather were gratefully bridged by the
drug store 'and general store porchea.
c All the houses were low and small, with
plenty, 'of space around them. An ugly
two-story . brick structure, built by the
rnanVwho founded .the. place, was a man
sion. , Some log fronts. abutted upon the
footpath. The . ta-vern was painted red.
and_ stood .flaming' upon Its knoll, a torch
of hospitality. /^It-' seemedt proper that the
tavern should overdo what the town had
neglected,* for. other wooden houses bore
no i>alnt at all. • . ¦
I Here. Christmas and New Year's balls
were danced.- In the long dining-room;
quaGrilles, in. which the farmers stamped
untilthey. could be heard halt way down
the village by godly people who did not
countenance dancing. A .waltz would
The tour as a whole will be the most extensive ever
undertaken Jby a President of the United States. It is
to occur, at a season of the year at which the coun-'
trv is most beautiful and travel most pleasant.. With
the exception of that portion of his journey which
lies across the desert the President will find the whole
land bright and beautiful from the time he > leaves
•Washington until he gets back. In all that wonderful
variety of landscape through which he passes Cali
fornia will stand out' distinct from the rest, for it is
unlike any other portion of the Union. It will be
easy for the President and his Cabinet to perceive it
is the pleasant land for tourists and for holiday seek
ers, but they should be brought to see much more
than that. Our. efforts should be directed to impress
upon them California's greatness as well as her
beauty.
AS the time draws nearer for President'McKin
ley to start on the tour that is to bring him to
California .popular interest in the event , in
creases and public expectation brightens/ /j So much
in the way of preparation has >-been 'already accom
plished it is now assured he will receive a welcome un
surpassed in our annals. From the time he enter's
California atthe south until he leave* its northern
borders he will move through a continuous festival.
The whole State ".will be displayed' at its best, and that
means a display that cannot be equaled'else where upon
earth.-. ' >.' :. '. . .-.. '•*•.•' ¦¦¦¦¦-¦¦';¦'£.'¦ . .,^'.:-i
It is: right- and fitting the people "s'hould give
pression in thcpleasant forms iofnowers'^fruits^feS'
tivals and functions to their delight 'in the visit"! from'
the chief magistrate of,.the republic. ; It should be;
borne in mind, 1 : however, that the 'President comes to'
California riot only to see the people, but to"! see the
Slate. It is the desire of himself "and his Cabinet! to]
become acquainted with the resources. and the indus
tiies of California and with all' that goes to 'make up
its existence as a commonwealth. .; Ample; arrange
ments should, be made Jo provide opportunities for.
our visitors to learn in what the State .excels/ what it
reeds arid what it. has a Tight to expect 'in'' the :; way
of assistance from the General Government. In other
words, the flowers and functions of the tour should
not be permitted to entirely hide the' industries and
every-day working interests of the people.
THE PRESIDENT'S VISIT.
bunch of letters, which the ntorcUcfP'r
could pigeonhole without lntrrruptlnsr nt*
trade. To hour from Ohio or buck Kant
wiin an event. The dlxtlnguUhe'l Individ
ual who hfiinl nntuied hi* wnfered latter
around and totd nil tho news It brought.
No deluge of periodical* burst from tho
bttg. Every man took hit* county pupor,
whuther he nnld the subscription or not.
But only a few could aftord the frlvoloua
indulgent^ of novel utorles in the Phila
delphia. Saturday Evening Post.
Leiaure of the Pioneers.
There was leisure in a pioneer vlllnire.
No universal deluge of printed books
swamped the people. Housewives had
time— nfter n little spinning, much mend
ing, some tailoring and dressmaking, a
great deal of cooking- and recurrent wash
ing—to draw out stores of quilt pieces and
brood tenderly over patchwork.
"La! here's a piece of grandmother's
dress! Thlg takes mo back to old times!"
The pioneer village was slow In forget
ting the dead. And if its manner of life
Was monotonous we know that put of it
sprung great souls that have done great
deeds in the world.
The flour mill by the bridge ground for
all the country. A vast castle it seemed
to tho children. In the fourth story their
When comparisons of cost, are being made it is
habitual with the advocates of ownership
to consider only the .rate'paid^tp^thfi'water collectors,
and not take : into the, accountTat all the items of cost
which the ratepayer must meet as a taxpayer. As
Mr. Reed very plainly demonstrates, a private supply
is charged for on the basis of cost, interest, adminis
tration- and taxes, so that in 1 the rate paid by, the
consumer every item entering into the cost of the
supply_ appears. We have no other purpose than to
encourage interest in -the facts involved in this inter
esting issue. The strongest argument for municipal
ownership is that of cheapness. A' fair 'examination
of that argument requires that the Ttwo methods* of
supply shall be' put on a financial' and" physical equal
ity, and that municipal water. should not be credited
with the abatement in a death rate, in which its only
agency is its unfitness for use.'
Of course Mr. Reed. ;wijl say, and rightly, lhatall
these emergencies and the cost of meeting them are
not arguments against municipal" ownership of water
supply, and* they, are not. The point is that in Chicago
the cost of the drainage canal and the filters which
must supplement its failure, and of the proposed filter
beds in other cities, must be added to the cost of the
water supply. f
What is true of New York is true also of Philadel
phia, Boston and Chicago. 'In "the" latter" city '.the
papers daily warn the people not to drink' the water
in certain districts, and at frequent periods it is turned
off in the public schoolhous'es. It seems, therefore,
that Mr. Reed^s defense .of the municipal water of
those cities on sanitaty. grounds amounts to this, that
; it- israt times" so filthy that the people save, their
lives by not. usmg it, just as 'table .forks save the eye
sight by people not falling down and sticking them
in their,eyes. ¦..-:•:.
Recurring to the question of cost, it should be plain
that to the cost of a municipal supply^ must.be added
the cost of the substitutes used- while the water is too
filthy to drink, and also the cosf of devices "to correct*
the unsanitary condition of the water. Chicago has at
tempted this by tipping up the river so that it drains
the lake into the Illinois River. 'It was estimated by
the sanitary engineers that a discharge of lake water
through this, drainage, canal of, four hundred million
gallons, per minute would purify the water supply of
sewage. Within a few weeks it has developed that
such a discharge is shoaling the ..lake shore and'
making entry of the harbor impossible to ships of the
deep draft required to cairy on commerce. The Gov
ernment engineers have ordered a reduction of one
half in the discharge, which.! throws Chicago back
where she was before the river was tipped up ai\d the
canal dug. There is no recourse left but filtering the
water. ..¦•- ¦,-.•• v_ •-:'...;..-' >\'.'.' .' . .
The New York Commercial Advertiser says that all
over the" city the ruling price per family for : pure
spring water is ten cents per day, and that the flats and
apartment houses and thousands of private residences
are supplied at that rate. ;'
But no figures are an absolute basis for a conclu
sion until it can be known to what extent a water sup
ply is so filthy that the ratepayers refrain from {its
ust; '¦¦''¦-. : y: :: : J : . ( . ; . W$
The New York Journal of March 14 last, under vthe
caption, "Clear Water Sells for Ten Cents a 'Quart;
City Supply Filled With' Germs and Unfit to Drink;
Typhoid Fever Threatened," says that the New -York
City water is bad, for "physicians who have examined
it state that it is unfit to drink in its present state, and
the sellers of spring water, carbonated water and fil
tered water are reaping a rich harvest in consequence.
On the West Side plain filtered water sells at ten cents
a quart,' and the supply" o'fibottled spring water does
not half equal the demand. The city water as' it runs
from the faucet is not only disagreeable in appear
ance but gives a most unpleasant odor, and there
lurks in it the danger cf typhoid fever. A Journal re
porter asked for a glass of water in a restaurant.
When it was brought the reporter cut a slice of it off
as a curiosity and ordered' something else to drink."
This puts San Francisco appreciably below : the
average rate of the five cities that own theiry own
water works, and seemj to impair the conclusions
which Mr. Reed draws-from its figures.
We find in McCarty'r, "Statistician and Economist/'
issue of iooo, regarded as entirely reliable, the follow
ing city death rates: '
New York .'....;.. ./.;.'..; ;... 28.6 ',
Chicago .....j. I...'.......; 21.1
' Philadelphia 22.8
lioiton .;........ 24.8
Washington .7.. 25.8
San Francisco 23.0
We don't know where those figurci arc obtained.
They seem to be evidence that statistics can be, found
somewhere to back up any proposition. '
Chicago :; .;...,«¦. 15.01
Philadelphia ...... .....18.96
Boston ; ;. .19,41
Ban Francisco .... ...20,73
We gave information as to the condition of the
water supply in the chiet cities where it . is under
municipal-ownership, saying that the people of those
cities as far as possible avoid its potable use when it
is at its worst in border to escape typhoid fever and
other zymotic diseases. Mr. Reed thereupon quotes
death rates, as follows, the deaths being per thousand
of population:
New York 19.01
UPERVISOR REED might well .have omitted
to characterize information upon a public'ques
tion as opposition thereto. ..
MUNICIPAL- OWNERSHIP.
cage of the "Colloquies of Criticism." as
to which KUhor Unwln announces thut
ho la not allowed to know anything Ol
his author «avo that he i» a famous man
of letter*. The question now uitknl I*.
Where 1* thts n^w method of ntlmulatlntr
tn.« mica ut anonymous bovJcs itkely to
end?
From icimo Anwlcnn pnper» to hnfid It
1.4 noted that report* nave b«en cumu
lated on th« went *ld* ,-<t the Atlnntlo
thut the l»t« Dr. Fits Kdwnrd Hull wan
oakrd to reelKn h!a po*t In tho library of
the India Office here became of his n«
tlonnllty and pronounce! aymtmthlr* with
the Union during the Civil War. Thlrf J»
hardly fair nnd Is. moreover, quite Incor
rect. Tho Athenaeum, commenting on tn«
fratter. »ay»: "Still, we fear a* tlmo went
on Mr. Hall to lomo extent persuaded
hlmaelf that he had been made more or
loss of ;i martyr* in his country's cause,
and so countenanced the statement* put
forth. It would be useless nt thl» tlmo
of day to go into the causes of Mr. flail'*
retirement, but It may be safely asserted
that they had nothing to do with his na
tionality. Indeed, he had been so lone In
the company's service before he entered
the library that It Is doubtful even If th-s
heads of the office ever suspected he was
not an Englishman."
Over the Lyceum production of "Corio
lanus" some talk has arisen in literary
circles as to the proper pronunciation or
the .words Corlolanus. Corloli and the>
like. Sir Henry Irving: has decided for
th9 English, or rather ultra-English, vow
els. The Lyceum players boldly adopt the
false quantity In Corioli, making the "i"
long. In fact. Shakespeare's line suggests
that both "i's" should be made long. To
many It sounds strange to hear the line
in which the difficulty chiefly occurs thua
pronounced: -
* Thy stolen name.
Coriolanus, in Corloli.
Another thing which is puzzling Eng
lish readers of certain books Is the Amer
ican spelling of many words. They won
der what it means. It may not be gen
erally known either in the United States
or this country that when books are pub
lished simultaneously In both countries It
is becoming common to have them set up
in America. Thus the mystery la easily
solved, though one cannot help thinking
it would be a curious result of the copy
right act if the English gradually adopt
the American style of spelling such words :
as "theater," "center" and the like.
The creator of "Mr. Dooley" is again
In London. I met F. P. Dunne at the.
Carlton the other day. where he had just
arrived from the Continent. He was not
looking over well, and still bear3 traces
of the Illness which his own paper, the
Chicago Journal, had pronounced fatal
some months ago. He said to me that he
had been over Europe, and incidentally
paid a visit to the Pope, to whom he had
letters of Introduction from his friends
In America. His uncle, be it remembered,
is Archbishop Riordan of San Francisco.
He did not do any v'ork in Italy. "No
body." he said, "does work in Italy."
"Did the Pope read 'Mr. Dooley'?" I ask
ed. "I am afraid not. Indeed," he whis
pered, "I imagine he 13 on the index."
He further told me he intended to re
turn to America in about a week and
remain in New York, where he will work
through the Goddard syndicate.
In his next production he may possibly
bid good-by to the philosopher of Archey
road. "You can't bring him to New
York, you know," he said; "besides, he
wouldn't come!" . , .
As far as the publication fit the forth
coming works Is concerned, the publish
ing world is almost silent this week".
There is also very little interesting gossip
to chronicle. One curious feature about
the literature of the day is becoming
more and more prominent. That is the
popularity of mysteries, or, however the
word may be understood, their success.
So far anonymous love letters have borna
good fruit. Now a novel is announced by
Mr. Lane under the titre of "The Aristo
crats," said to be by "the most beautiful
woman in London." Hard as was the
mystery of the authorship of the "Let
ters" to solve, this should prove an evea
more difficult one to tackle.
Another neeret strictly guarded is th«
GOSSIP FROM
LONDON'S WORLD
OF LETTERS.
In this country the right of a newspaper to com
ment upon any such action on" the part of an official
would not be # for a moment disputed, 'and it is some
what surprising to learn it has been less certain in
Great Britain. The words of the Chief Justice, how
ever, set the matter right, and they have come at a
time when they are needed.. The right of free and
full commentary upon the public actions of statesmen
is essential to free government, and it appears to have
been very fortunate for the Colpnial Secretary that it
was his brother and not himself who brought the libel
suit. Had it been Joseph instead' of Arthur Cham
berlain who prosecuted the case the' verdict would
probably, have been different.
upon the fact that anj/ Minister' was' shareholder iri
some large banking company,' for instance, . which
made a loan to the; Government/- 6r some, large ship
ping company which might contract with the Govern
ment.' I hold that such a matter was a matter upon
which the defendants were entitled to- comment."
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, APRIL 26, 1901.
6
Orrheuro — Vaudeville.
Alcazar — "The Conquerore." •
Grand Opera-house— "Under Two Flags."
California— "The Evil Eye."
fentral— "A Fair Rebel."
Tivoli — "The Idol's Eye." «
Olympla, corner Mason and Eddy streets — SpeclaltJes.
Chutes, Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
evening. ' ¦-
Fischer* e— Vaudeville. , ' \
Metropolitan Hall — Lecture* Saturday afternoon and even-
Ing.
Recreation Park— Baseball.
Tar.foran Park — Races.
AUCTION SALES.
By Sullivan & Doyle — Monday, April 29, at 10 o'clock, good
"ivill and business of Sullivan & Doyle, at 325 Sixth St.
Call subscribers contemplating a change ef
rexldeace during: the inmmer month* can have
their paper forwarded by . mall to tbelr new'
addresses by notifying: The Call Business Office.
This pa^cr will also be on sale at all inmmer
reaorts and is represented by a. local agent la
all t«wa> «n the coast.
TO SUBSCRIBERS LEAVING TOWH FOR TEE SUMMER.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
BABY LAUGH
It belongs to health, for a{
baby, to eat and sleep, to lajugh^
and q-tow fat-
We'll send yon a Kttle to try if you lile. > -
SCOTT &. BOWXE. 40a Pearl *trwt. New Ytn*.
But fat comes first; don't ask
a scrawny biby to laugh; why,
even his smile is pitiful! Fat,
comes first.
-The way to be fat is the way
to be healthy. Scott s emul-
sion of cod-liver oil is the prop-
er food, if he needs it; but only
a little at first.
AMUSEMENTS.PERU, Ind., April 23.— Henry Huffman,
an animal trainer, met a horrible death
to-day, being killed by "Big: Charley," a
monster elephant, while the animal was
bathing in the river near here. "Big Char
ley" wound his trunk about Keeper Huff
man and hurled him far into the stream.
The man returned to the shore unin
jured. The next instant Huffman was
grabbed by the big elephant, thrown to
the bottom of the river and held there by
the forefoot of "Big Charley."
Then with a roar the elephant stamped
ed. He broke down fences and roamed
about in a big field, keeping everybody
away from him. Some apples loaded with
strychnine were thrown near him and
he ate one. An hour later he lay down
and F^ 3 in terrible agony. A rifle shot
ended his existence.
"Big Charley" weighed more than three
tpns, was valued at 110.000 and in his life
time had killed four men. Keeper Huff
man had been anima! trainer in Fair-
Park! N^w York! nadelphla ' and CentraJ
Finally the Infuriated Animal
Eats a Poisoned Apple
and Dies.
Monster; Elephant Com
mits Murder and
Rims Riot.
BIG CHARLEY
KILLS KEEPER
CINCINNATI. Apiil 25.— The end of the
flood is in sight here to-night. At 6 o'clock
the stage was 59.1 feet and rising one
half inch an hour. The rise from C a. m.
to 6 p. m. was only 7 Inches and at short
intervals during the day it was stationary.
The river at 6 o'clock to-night was rising
slowly for fifty miles above Cincinnati.
It was stationary for one hundred miles
beyond that point and falling for 330 miles
below Plttsburg. It will become station
ary, therefore, before midnight and over
below Cincinnati before morning. The
stage is not expected to exceed 59.3 feet
here to-night and that is considerably be
low the record of seven different years
previously.
With the water a'most ten feet above
the danger line there is endless incon
venience and loss on both sides of the
river here and there is some distress to
night. Mayor Fleischmann secured relief
funds to-day and had committees ap
pointed as hundreds of houses will not
be fit for habitation for some time after
the warer recedes. Similar action was
taken in Newport and Dayton, Ky., to
day, where the conditions are still worse
in inundated districts. The Newport
track is submerged from one to three feet
and greater crowds are attracted than
usual owing to the sight of the horses
running in water. The National League
baseball park, where a game was played
yesterday by the Chicago and Cincinnati
teams, is completely flooded to-night.
All the railroads are in trouble to-day In
handling freight, and some abandoned
that part of their business. None of them
has abandoned any passenger trains, but
the Cincinnati. Georgetown and Ports
mouth Railway was compelled to employ
ferry-boats and towboats to take | their
passengers out as far as the eastern sub
urb of Columbia, east of Cincinnati.
Street railways were compelled v to make
four different transfers in the east end
of Cincinnati to-day.
At Ironton it was reported that 1500 men
had been thrown out of employment.
Similar conditions exist at Cattlettsburg,
Portsmouth and Huntingdon. An estimate
has been made at Huntington that over
3000 families are homeless in" the southern
part of West Virginia and G000 men idle,
and that the loss by flood in that part of
the State will exceed a million dollars.
At'Kipley and New Richmond, up- the
river from Cincinnati, and other towns
in those districts the conditions are re
ported to-night to be very serious, as the
smaller places* are sill underwater and
have not- the means of relief of larger
cities. ¦ ¦" , ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦; ' -
Danger Is Now Over in
the Submerged Ohio
Towns.
FLOOD WATERS
RECEDE SLOWLY
Probate • Judge Coffey spent several
hours on the witness stand .in Judge Mu
rasky's court yesterday contradicting and
disproving various statements made by
Horace W. Phllbrook in his action to re
cover $100,000 damages from Van R. Pat
erson for alleged slander. When t Phil
brook opened his case he started out on
the theory that the alleged slander uttered
by Judge Paterson was in furtherance of
a conspiracy In which the Justices of the
Supreme Court, Judge Coffey, Judge Wal
lace and most of the prominent members
of the bar were the "malicious princi
pals." Though Judge Muraskyhas elim
inated the conspiracy charge, certain
statements against Judge Coffey remained
uncontradlcted and he was called In con
sequence.-
. In a certain case Fhilbrook asserted that
Judge Coffey had acted corruptly in per
forming the ministerial, not judicial, act
of authorizing the payment of $240 to one
Daniel O'Connell for services performed
and which sum had already been advanced
by James W. Goodwin, executor, of the es
tate in Question, and allowed by a Judge
of the court other than Judge Coffey. On
the stand yesterday Judge . Coffey ex
plained that his act In this* case was only
ministerial and . furthermore that it was
authorized by law. He denied, as Phil
brook stated, that he had treated Phil
brook with harshnes.s or that he had
treated him as an outlaw. . .
"I treated Philbrook as I treated every
one who had business in my court," said
Judge Coftey. "I did not treat him as an
outlaw, and I can see no reason why: he
should accuse. me of treating him as an
outlaw If he was not one.!'--
Judge Coffey continued on this line, all
of his testimony being in favor of the de
fendant, until far along In the afternoon.
William P. Humphries was next called to .
the stand and stated that he had Been
Philbrook on the Oakland boat, gesticu
lating and muttering. Barclay Henley tes
tified that he first came to distrust Phil
brook when he learned that he had exact- '
ed ¦, a contract from the Levinson heirs. '
whom he represented, for $110,000. vvhich.
in event the ' suit he instituted in their
behalf had been successful, would have
,left them but $7000 of the ' estate they
claimed. ¦ Judge Slack, John Garber and
A. A. Moore also testified on behalf of
the defendant, after which an adjourn
ment was taken until this morning.
•The best; brands . liquors, cigars, '. etc.
Chris Zinsli, SE cor. Clay and Dromm. * !
Directly Contradicts the
Charges Made by
Philbrook. » '
JUDGE COFFEY
ON THE STAND
Those who take the excursion to Ukiah
Sunday, April 28, will enjoy a treat, for
at this time this picturesque section is
covered with wild flowers. ¦
ATTEMPT IS MADE
TO KILL KING CHAELES
LONDON, April 2S.— The Vienna corre-
spondent of the Morning. Leader asserts
that a man named Petroff attempted to
enter the royal carriage at Bucharest, the
Roumanian capital, with a view of mur
dering King Charles, but was prevented
by the sentries after a severe struggle.
The correspondent adds that Petroff Is
believed to be an emissary of the Macedo
nian committee.
-The conference adjourned after it was
decided that both bodies .should agree on
some line of policy in formulating a new
course of study. . /
Superintendent Webster said that he
was willing to act with the board, al
though the course of study prepared by
his office last year had not received the
attention it deserved. After hia office had
spent-months of energy and time in its
preparation and after consulting -with
principals and teachers in relation thereto,
the board had sidetracked the course and
accepted one formulated by Professor El
wood Cubberley Upon being invited by
! Mrs. ¦ Kincaid to express their views. Su
perintendent Webster and his deputies
outlined what they - thought would be
proper modifications of the present course
of study.
"I would suggest,"* said Mr. Webster
"that the course be modified so as to
make it practicable and effective. The
course now in force , lacks definiteness.
The work in history and geography should
be made more definite in it3 limitations.
For example, in the seventh gTade on the
subject of colonization, the course men
tions several authorities which are to be
studied, but it does not state what par
ticular matters are to be followed. -As a
natural consequence, if the pupils of the
seventh grades. were subjected to a test
it would involve points that one cass is
perfectly familiar with, while other classes
had only touched on them very lightly 1
"I would make it uniform and definite
and supplement It with topical analysis
of the subjects .presented. 'Again I be
lieve the work of science should be les
sened in the intermediate grades and
strengthened in the others, and the sam~
is true of arithmetic. In the preparation
of the course of study we should general
ize before we ,3Decialize."
As the result of an Important conference
held Tuesday between the Board of Edu
cation, the Superintendent of Schools and
his four deputies the course of study at
present, in use in the public schools will
be considerably modified for- the next fis
cal year: The conference was held at the
request" of President JCincald, and there
were present Directors Denman, Casserly
and Mark, Superintendent Webster and
his deputies, Jordan, Kingsbury, Howard
and Sullivan. Mrs. : Kincald stated that
the board, of which she is president, de
sired the co-operation of the Superinten
dent's ofHce In improving the course of
study,^ which has hot been the success it
was expected. '.,.
School Board Confers
With Superintend
ent's Office. .
WILL MODIFY
STUDY COURSE
SALT LAKE, April 25.— A special from
Soda Springs, Idaho, says: While watch
ing a blast to-day at the mines of the
Western Sulphur Company, five miles
from here. Jast>er Lasater of Monego
Springs, Mo., was struck in the head by
a fragment of rock and almost Instantly
killed. Lasater was fully 150 yards from
the explosion.
Killed by Fragment of Bock.
¦LONDON, April 25.— The Chancery Court
has decided that Count Reinholt Moore
von Rosen, residing at Stockholm, as the
eldest son of Count von Rosen, formerly
Chamberlain of the King of Sweden and
Norway, and his American wife, who was
a Miss "Moore, is the real Count and right
ful heir to the fortune left by Mrs. Clara
Jessup Moore, his grandmother.
From a statement of counsel it appeared
that pome one in America represented
himself to be Count Reinholt, asserting
that the Stockholm claimant had been
s-ubstituted for him by the Von Rosens.
Justice Joyce found that the American
claimant's representations were fraudu
lent. The money In dispute . amounts to
£55.000 or £60,000. f
Mrs. Moore was better known as Mrs.
Bloomfield Moore, who financed Keeley.
the Philadelphia Inventor who became
famous through, the exploitation of a mys
terious motor.
COUNT IN STOCKHOLM
WILL GET THE MONETT
YOUTH WHO WAS CARRIED
OFF AND ONE OF HIS AB
DUCTORS.
The boy was asked about' James Calla
han, and told of seeing the accused the
Edward testified that he went back to
the house two or three days- later and
recognized it. .He said he knew it by the
outside steps and the broken places into
which he had stepped when blindfolded.
Ho described the building and told its
location. . '
The boy identified what appeared a sec
tion from the leg of an old pair of knit
drawers, and said this was the part
of the blindfold that was left on him
when he was turned loose and told to
keep walking ahead until he came to
Leavenworth street.
downstairs, where they remained about
half an hour. At the end of that time
the light man came upstairs and told the
prisoner they were going to take him
home. Edward told of the trip home and
of his being set down by his captors on
Ihlrty-slxth street, about a block north
of the pesthouse. He said that while they
were driving in the dark man whispered
to the light man and asked:, "Is this
Sarpy Mills," and the latter replied
"Yes."
The boy admitted that he had gone over
the case with Genera' Corwin with refer
ence to what his testimony would be. He
again detailed the route traversed, as
nearly as he could toll. He admitted that
the only direct view he had of the dark
man's face was when he first approached
him, and admitted that at that time he
was pretty badly scared. The boy said
Young' Cudahy Is Positive.
Attorney Haller for the defense began
tho cross-examination • of young Cudahy.
Callahan betrayed no emotion when the
kidnaped boy declared he wa* one of the
abductors, but a cynical smile played
faintly over his features.
The boy testified that Callahan's mus
tache was stubbier than it is now at the
time of the kidnaping", and that It was
stubbier when first arrested than it is
now.
"Yes, sir."
From this point on Callahan was re
ferred to by name and no longer as the
"dark man.
"You may state whether the dark man,
•who put a pistol to your head and made
you a prisoner, and who guarded, you
most of the time in the house and who
walked down the street with you, and
bade you goodby when you were released,
was' one and the. same- person," -asked
General Corwin.
"It was the same man."
"Who was that man?"
"Jim Callahan."
"The defendant here in this case?"
Callahan Is Identified.
Sunday afternoon following Callahan's
arrest. He said Callahan and the Chief
were talking and that Callahan was roll
ing and smoking cigarettes. Then camei
the boy's identification of Callahan, and
it was positive and absolute.
The pony which the kidnaper, rode to
telephone Information to the Cudahy resi
dence -played its part this afternoon In
connecting the name Callahan with the
crime. Daniel Buniss of North Omaha
recognized the little pony now in- evidence
as one which he had sold to the strangers
last October. ', The nitn had called at hia
house/In a buggy, and In one of them he
recognized James Ca'lahan. The other he
said resembled the photograph of Pat
Crowe. The same incriminating pony was
shod by Charles Lee; a South Omaha
blacksmith, shortly afterward. The man
who brought the animal. Lee eald, was
Pat Crowe. The pony had a star on his
forehead and two white feet, which En
abled the blacksmith to be positive of its
identity.
A further complicity of interest between
Callahan and Crowe was disclosed by
Mrs. Anna- Wreuth, living across the
street from Callahan's boarding-house.
She says she frequently saw him in com
pany with a man called Johnson. She
was positive in her identification of. Pat
Crowe's picture as that of Callahan's un
known guest. .
Another piece of evidence which occu
pied the court's attention was the red
lantern by which Mr. Cudahy was guided
to ' the rendezvous with the -gold. An
effort was made to trace its ownership to
the accused.
Pony -Plays a Part.
The State made a strong point agains
Callahan when John Rabbe, a young car
penter, living about a block from" CaHa
han's sister. Mrs. Kelly, at 540 Handpop
pleton avenue, was called to the witnes
stand. He testified to knowing Pat Crow'
and that Crowe called at Mrs. Kelly's
where Callahan was living.' about twent;
times between October 23, wnen the Kelly
moved there, and the time of the kid
naping.- He said Crowe always came,th'
same way and went in the back doo
without stopping to knock. Witness sai<
he was working for Anthony Crowe, Pat';
brother. Pat came there twice. Anthon 1
told him that it was his brother Pat. Th<
last time witness saw Pat Crowe at th
Kelly house was December 14, four day:
before the kidnaping.
said he was as certain of the identity o
Callahan as he was of the identity o
his father or mother. He thought' 1
hardly possible for there to be anothe
voice like Callahan's. He said CaTlaha:
had a sort of a brogue and gave a peculia
turn to some words and sort of talke*
through his teeth. The boy admitted tha
he was not positive as to Callahan's iden
tity at the close of the first interview il
the chief's office, but after a. second sit
ting was positive in his identity.
The World makes this statement upon
the authority of an officer of a Wall street
bank, who is well informed on Union
Pacific affairs. He said: "I have been
Inlcrmed on what I deem good authority
that the Chicago and Northwestern inter
ests made a definite proposition to the
controlling interests in the Union Pacific
by which control was to pass to the Chi
cago and Northwestern by means of a
long-term lease, which was to guarantee
the fixed charges, 4 per cent on the pre
ferred stock and C per cent on the com
mon. I am informed that the offer was
declined on the ground that the Union
Pacific is now earning 11 per cent on the
common stock and that the Union Pacific
interests desire to retain control of that
property."
There was a recession In the market,
due to heavy pool liquidation, about noon
and some stocks lost as much as 3 per
%;ent. About an hour before the close the
directors of the Chicago, Burlington and
Quincy Railroad gave out the following
official statement about the Burlington
deal, causing another boom:
"A proposition has been received by
your directors ,for the purchase of all or
any part— not less than two-thirds — of the
outstanding capital stock at $200 per
share, payable in the joint 4 per cent
bonds of the Great Northern and the
Northern Pacific Railway companies, with
the option to stockholders to receive a
part of the payment in cash if they so de
cide. Full details of the proposition will
be mailed to the stockholders in a few
days." ¦ .
Ihe market closed strong on this news.
NEW YORK, April 25.— The World
says: It now transpires that the great
speculative move of Wednesday was
based wholly on^the knowledge that the
Chicago and Northwestern Railroad had
made a definite offer to lease the Union
Pacific for ninety-nine years, guarantee
ing 6 per cent on the common stock. This
offer was declined.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
The Chicago and North
western "Willing to
Lease It.
UNION PACIFIC
REJECTS OFFER
OMAHA. April 25.— In the trial of
James Callahan for the kidnaping
of Edward Cudahy, at the open
ing cf court this morning, young
Cudahy told about the light man's
return to the prison house about 11 o'clock
on the night of the delivery of the money.
He summoned the dark man to come
Four sheds for dressing wounds of the
Injured have been erected. The catas
trophe originated in a small fire which
Ignited several receptacles of acid,
causing a terrific explosion. I The houses
adjoining the factory were partly burned
and partly demolished by the explosion.
All railway traffic with Frankfort was
stopped during the fire except for trains
carrying the injured, but it has since
been resumed.
At 8:30 the fire was still burning in tHe
center, and the work of extricating the
bodies from the debris was being car
ried on by torchlight, gaslight not being
.obtainable.
The last explosion occurred at 7:30
p. m., and when it was ascertained that
no further danger was anticipated the
inhabitants were allowed to return to
their, homes.
Violence of the Explosion.
The fire spread with frightful Epeed to
the adjacent buildings and then over the
river Main to Schwanhelm When a
Fecond explosion took place the fumes
and masses of burning chemicals made
it impossible to stay in the' vicinity.
fire continues to burn, although the
greater part of the Frankfort Fire De
partment and the troops are trying to
prevent its spread to the buildings out
side of the fire zone. Hospitals have
been improvised in the vicinity. The
flames apparently originated by the blow
iig up of vats of chemicals In the.ex
plosive department of the works at 3
o'clock this afternoon.
NEW YORK. April 25.— Advices received
in this city last Tuesday from Brazil said
that Indians had attacked the Roman
Catholic settlement in Maragnone, Brazil,
and had killed four Capuchin fathers, all
natives of the province of Milan, Italy;
rcven Capuchin Tertiary sisters and more
than a hundred Indian children who had
bppn deserted by their parents.
The Roman Catholic mission was estab
lished in Maragnone by the Capuchin
Fathers in JS96. Two mission houses had
been built. The Capuchin Fathers took
care of abandoned Indian children.
RIO DE JAJCEIRO. April 25.— Reports
from Maranho say that Indians attacked
tha Christian settlement in that Brazilian
State; that a fight ensued and tha 209
Christians were killed. No official report
has been received-
Epecial Dispatch to The Call.
Two Hundred Victims
of an Attack on
Settlement.
INDIANS KILL
THE CHRISTIANS
Only after five hours of strenuous ef
fort was the conflagration to some extent
controlled and the danger passed, so as
ta make It possible to begin the work of
fXtrlcating the bodies. It Is feared that
nearly 200 have been killed or injured.
The number of dead and Injured can
not be definitely determined until the
list of employes of the chemical works
can be compared with the survivors. The
Two Hundred Victims.
Troops were immediately ordered to
Greisheim to prevent the fire spreading
to the large benzine reservoirs near by.
Fire brigades from every place in the
neighborhood hurried to the scene, but
owing to the dangerous nature of the
fire and the fear of a renewal of the
explosions the greatest dimculty was ex
perienced in stopping the progress of the
flames.
Eighteen cylinders, each containing
about one hundred-weight of smokeless
powder, were in the room where the ex
plosion occurred.
The factory became a mass of flames
Immediately and a northeast wind car
ried the sparks to the neighboring vil
lages, where several houses were set on
fire.
FRANKFORT. Germany. April 25.-
One of the most destructive explosions
on record occurred this evening at the
Kleetro-Chemical "Works. i:ear Gre'sheim.
¦where smokeless powder is manufac
tured. Most of the boilers exploded. The
noise was so tremendous that it was
heard at ereat distances. Including
Frankfort and Mayence.
Series of Boiler Explosions at a Chemical
Works Near Greisheim Causing Victims
to the Number of Nearly Two^ Hundred.
DEATH'S HARVEST IN DISASTER
AT A GERMAN POWDER FACTORY
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, APRIL 26, 1901.
Young Edward Cudahy is Positive and Declares in Court
That the Suspect Is One of the Men Who Carried Him
Off and Held Him Until the Ransom Was Paid
JIM CALLAHAN IS IDENTIFIED
AS ONE OF THE OMAHA KIDNAPERS
he could hot have identified Callahan from
simply seeing him. He said the police told
him they had a man there and wanted to
see if he could identify the prisoner as
the dark man."- He admitted that he
identified Callahan principally by his voice
and said that he would- not be able -to
identify him by his . appearance alone.
In answer to a direct question the boy
Cliampion Golfers Play.
LAKEWOOD, N. J., April 25.— The
open tournament of the Metropolitan golf
circuit was begun to-day on the links
of the Lakewood Golf Club. Sixty-four
players started off in pairs for the first
round of the eighteen holes, medal play.
Walter J. Travis, champion amateur of
the United States Golf Association, who
holds the amateur record for these links
— 79— was paired with James A. Tyng of
Baltusrol. The first named made the
round in 83 and Tyng in 97 strokes. The
players who made the forty-eight best
scores itf to-day's play will be classified
m three divisions of sixteen each, and
during the remainder of the tournament
thf»y will contest for silver cups, one for
each claps.
7
ADVERTISEMENTS.
cc 000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
cccccoooooooooocooooooooooooocoooooooooooooooooooooooooo
:\ HOW A CANDLESTICK /
!l\ SAVED MY LIFE. /!!
oeo\ /ooc
%%% \ BY CARL KRAMER. / \.l%%
3OCO \ /oooo
jOOO \ / OOOO
oooo \ /oooo
[SSSSS \ IS A WOMAN'S TESTIMONY AS / |2S|§
IHiSS\ TRUSTWORTHY AS A MAN'S? /SoeioS
oooooo \ ','¦'¦! / °ooooo
jooooooo \ ¦ ./ °°ooooo
!oooo°oo» , I °°ooooo
IliiiilsX kow mrs; smith, wife of /sslliiii
&%%%%°o%l\ THE BORAX KING, WILL ' V&%%%%%
ISSSSoSoS \ KEEP MAYDAY / S^SSSc
looocoooo \ ttl-i-F HihlUAl. / oooooooo
[dooooooo \ / oooooooo
loooooooo St y* o°°ooooo
L| ¦ — ; *
APRIL TH2 TWENTY-EIGHTH
OOO GOOOO »t ff OOOOOOOO
iOOOOoOOO / \ OOOOOOO.o
oooooooo / CnWKC \ oooooooc
c 0000000 / jUi*\/*iOv UUWrO \ oooooooo
oooooooo / . _ Trk unnr ptyi nrcin T-trr-m* \ oooooooo
SSSSSSSS / AND HOW TO WEAR THEM. \ SSSSSSSS
'OOOOOOOO/ \ OOOOOOOC
OOOOOOO" / _— — — — — ¦ \ ~OOOOOOo
locooooo / \ ooooooc
\UVoZ° o % / THE MAKING OF A CARDINAL \ SSSSSSS
'OOOOOO/ \OOOOOo
'iOOOOoO / \ OOOOOo
|O O C O o O / . ' \ OOOOOo
iOOOOo/ \ OOOOc
ooooo / THF TIFF HF ¦*¦¦"•' \ o°°°o
OOOOo / llli-i IjSX A- Ul \ OOOOo
j| 1 1 1 / GEORGE H. PHILLIPS, THE COSN KING. \ j ° | S
jo 0 o " / ¦*¦* -\ ? o o 0
ooo / : . " ' \ ooo
I!/ HOW GIBLS ABE ..\|j
|y MADE ATHLETIC AT STANFORD. |jf
I4 : ! : $•
h-OCOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
l^ooooooooooooooo 0000000000000000000000000000000000000000
*5cooooooooooooooooooooooooo ooooooooooooooooooooooo Q'O oooo
APVKR'nsTiMTrrcTa.
I regard my COLD CURE as more
valuable than a life Insurance policy.
It not only cures colds in the bead,
colds In the lungs, colds in the bones,
but it wards off dangerous diseases
such as grippe, diphtheria, pneumo-
nia, and consumption.— riUNYON.
Munyon's Rheumatism Care seldom fails to relilTt
in one to three hours, and cures in a few day*. ¦
Munyon's Dyspepsia Cure positively cure! all
forms of indigestioa and stomach trouble.
Munyon's Cough Cure stops cou.ehs. night nreati,
fcllavs soreness and speedily heals the lungs. P
Munyon's Kidney Cure quickly cures pains In tha
back, loins or groins, and all forrosof kidney disease.
Munyon's Vita'.izer restoreslost powersto weak men.
All the cures are 25 cents, at any drug store.
Munyon's OnMe to Health should be in tha
hands of every mother. It will help them to tnot»
the symptoms of every disease ana tell them tha
proper treatment. Sent free to any address.
Munyon, New York and Philadelphia. - -. j. <
MU5T0VS f^MTrii rvVX. » CAT1R2H.
packets ° f
/ LARGE512E15*
L. MILLER &SONS. !
543 BROADWAY. NY. U5,A.
t Strictly Reliable.
Dr.Talcott
&CO.
Diseases and
f. Weakness of
MEN ONLY
IN THE VARIOUS FORMS OF GENERAL
debility, and convalescence following certain
diseases, such is the lowered standard of the
vital processes that the runction of no organ Is
perfectly performed, and with the resulting de-.
pression the patient has a REAL weakness.'
The physician's first thought, under these con-
ditions, Is nerve and other tonics.
Not Weakness ; Symptoms
By far the greater number of patients, how-
ever, seeking relief for so-called "Weakness"
is furnished by healthy and robust men. On
examination, we find a Prostate Gland which
has been damaged .by either a contracted dis-
order or early dissipation. Thesa, patients
have no weakness at all. Prematureneas, Loss
of Vitality, etc., are the symptoms, or disor-
dered function, of the chronically inflamed
prostate gland. We find by curing this Inflam-
mation that full vigor at once returns. It
* should be understood that tonics, electricity,
< etc., might cure a real weakness, but 'would da
. harm ¦ in Inflammation. The main object is ta
i reduce the size of the tender, swollen and ln-
j flamed prostate. This we accomplish by local
l treatment, thus avoiding drugs. Men who have
I unsuccessfully treated for a weakness should
now understand the cause of failure.
89TJWARKET J5JREET, Cor. Sixth.^
AMUSEMENTS.
.flLYHEATR-E r 4>
EVERY I Matinea To-Mofpow
NIGHT at 8. I • ani Sunday.
THE
The Most Gorgeous Scenic and Costume Pro-
duction Ever Given at This Theater.'
PRICES- ¦ • '¦ -.¦ - 15c, 25c, 35c. 50c
R AUC J_ park.
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLU3.
.
SIX HIGH-CLASS RACES DAILY.
APRIL 20TH TO 27TH. INCLUSIVE.
FINE CARD EVERY DAY.
First Race Daily at 2:10 P. M.
Trains from Third . and Townsend street*— 7.
10:30. 11:30 a. m. ; 12:40, 1. 1:30. 2 p. rn.
Returning. leave track at 4:15 and thereafter
at short Intervals. Rear cars reserved for
ladies and escorts. • .,
ADMISSION (INCLUDING R. R. FARE). Jl Ii
', , THOS. H.; WILLIAMS JR., President.
R. B. MILROY. Secretary.
BASEBALL. !
OAKLAND vs. j
Thursday asd Friday. "Ladies' Bays " i
/\T 3:15 F». 7V\. I
RECREATION FARK, i
Eighth and Harrison streets.
FISCHER'S con cert house
riOUHE,H O Admission lOc.
¦ Golden -West Comedy Trio. Uus Leonard. Bre-
Bers. Thatcher anU Che-noweth, Jack Symonds
, Paraskova Sandolin and Tom Mack.
Reserved seats, 23c.- Matinee Sunday.
AMUSE JO.HLM TS.
Principal Members of th»
HOPKINS TRANS-OGEANIC COMPANY and
ORPHEUM IMPORTATIONS.
BARNES AND SISSON. ALP QRANT. CLAY-
TON'. JENKINS AND JASPER, MARIOM
VON SCHRADER, MLLE. ADELAIDE.
THE GREAT GOLDIN. JOSEPHINE GA33-
MAN, THE BIOGRAPH.
Final week of tha bis miccess.
FRANCESCA REDDING AND COMPANT.
Reserved seats. 25c; balcony, 10c; opera chairs
and box seats, 50c.
Matinees Wednesday, Saturday and Sunday.
NEXT WEEK,
! THE AGOUST FAMILY
AND
. McINTYRE AND HEATH.
.>>'":
I Evenings at 8. Matinee Saturday at 2.
• "IT SEES A PACKED HOUSE EVERT
NIGHT," the Sparkling Gem.
THE
"HOOT MO"V."
The Reigning Favorite.
HARTMAN as ABEL CONN.
WHEELAN as "HOOT MON."
POPULAR PRICES 25c and 50«
Telephone— Bush 9.
¦ EVERT EVENIKS THIS WEEK.
MATINEE SATURDAY.
"SUCCESS FOLLOWS SUCCESS."
Charles H. Tale's
?•THE EVIL EYEfvS
Evening— 2~c, 35c, r,ftc. 75e and 3U.OU.
Matinee— 25c. JJOe. 73c.
Next Sunday Night, the Favorites,
1V\F*. Jf\/V\E.f=i NEILL
AND HIS COMPANT.
By Special Request. ! "• '*-.v£
"A BACHELORS ROMAINCE."
— rSEATS NOW READY . \
j I During the NEILL engagement — Special
I BARGAIN MATINEES THURStfATS—
g PRICES 2.ic and 50c
GRAND* OPERA. HOUSE:
MATINEES TO-MORROW AND SUNDAT.
LAST NIGHTS OF
FLORENCE STONE and JACK WEBSTER
in the Biggest f* of the Season,
TWO FLAGS
\ Founded on Ouida's Celebrated- Novel.
j PRICES— 10c. 15c. 25c. 50c. A Few Scats. T3c
' ¦ Good Reserved Seat in Orchestra .*
! SATURDAY and SUNDAT MATINEES, 23c.
Branch Ticket .Of flee Emporium.
' Next Week— MR. BARNES OF NEW YORK.
BEKASCO AmoTHMCSjfejflTF?
il *^ UftSTt C.T/ HA2J.
TO-NIGHT and Saturday and Sunday Ev*gs.
• MATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAT.
• The Most Thrilling of Military Dramas. .
Excitlntr War Scenes— Patriotic Melodies.
Realistic Reproduction of Llbby Prison.
PDfrCC" EVENINGS 10c, I5c. 25c. 3Sc. 50o
IlilWCJJ MATINEES 10c. 15c, So
Next Week— Grand revival cf
-^."TEN NIGHTS IN A BARROOM.**
CHUTES AND_Z0O "SftEST
BIG VAUDEVILLE BILL
LEAH MAY, the Giantess.
TO-MORROW NIGHT.
CAKEWALK and Gans-Mc Govern
Fi£ht Picture:*.
Telephone for Seats— Park 73.
EETE0P0LITAH HILL. FlfTH ST., Kit MAEIET.
• ERNEST SHTON-THOMPSCJiS
Will lecture again To-morrow. Saturday. After-
noon and Evening. The lectures will be illus-
trated and ALL. THE CHILDP.EN IN SAN
FRANCISCO ARE INVITED to come to to-
morrow's .matinee and bring their parsntn.
teachers and friends and hear all about Old
Grumpy, Little Johnny and Loho th>» king
wolf. Under the auspices o? the California
Club. ManaKement Major J. B. Pond. T!ck»ts.
$1. 7.ic and ~jOc. A cood reserved seat for 50c.
' Ch'lrfr<»n half price.
HOTEL*-
Visitors to San Francisco who mnko
their headquarters at these hotels en-
joy ccrnforts and conveniences not to
be obtained elsewiiere. Desirable loca.
tlon. courteous attarnea and uneqm'ed
cuisine. American ar.d European plars
-*GRAND HOTELS
Weekly Call. $1 per YearFAIR SOUTHERN CALIFORNIANS IN
THE CONTEST FOR QUEEN OF SAN
BERNARDINO'S CARNIVAL.
MILLIONAIRE BRADBURY ARRESTED.—
W. B. Bradbury, the millionaire, was arrested
yesterday afternoon on the charge of violating
the plumbing ordinance and . was released on
ball. He said he (would "bust the ordinance
higher than a kite." . '
California Northwestern Railway will
run an excursion to Ukiah Sunday, April
28. Fare for round trip $2 OO: Each ticket
6old insures a beat. Depart from Tiburon
ferry 8:30 a. m. On return leave Ukiah
6:00 p. m. Tickets on sale at ticket office,
«&0 Market street, and Tiburon ferry.
FRESNO, April 25.— The County Jail
was under precautionary quarantine from
midnight until about " 9:30 • o'clock to
day. Hugh Hamilton, a youth who was
In custody for burglary and released on
the 15th during good behavior, was afflict
ed with smallpox a few days ago while
on a farm near Malaga. He . Is now in
the pesthouse with a mild case. ¦
Former Prisoner Has Smallpox.
REDDING, April 25.— Captain J. , R. de
Lamar, a millionaire mine owner, has
again shown his faith in the copper belt of
Shasta County. To-day he took, through
his agents, a bond on the Globe group of
copper claims near Copper City, within
three miles of the Bully Hill plant, which
he recently transferred to corporate own
ership. The boner is said to be in a good
figure, althougn the amount Is not given
out. ,
Seeking Copper in Shasta.
Car Accommodations. . >
On Sunday, April 28, the California
Northwestern Railway will run an excur
sion to Uklah. In accord with the cus
tom of the company on these excursions^
It will not sell any more tickets than It
has provided" for. Each ticket that Is
sold, therefore, Insures a seat. At this
time, practically the 1st of May, the coun
try Is at its rrettiest, for the browning
hand of summer I will not have touched
Mother Earth. The fare for the round
trip will be only ?2 00. Time of departure
from Tlburon ferry will be 8:30 a. m.
Train will not ntop in transit. About four
hours will be allowed In f TJklah.
Tickets now on sale at ticket offices, 650
Market street and Tiburon ferry.
A Low Priced Excursion With Ample
FAST TRAIN TO UKIAH NEXT
SUNDAY.
Four hundred men and a lot of teams
are "making- dirt fly" down at Hobart,
doing the first work on the new Salt Lake
road. This means something besides a
siding. It is an army of track-layers. So
far all that the officials have been .will
ing to make public has been that a half
mile of grading and track-laying would
be done there to furnish room for unload
ing the ties and rails which are coming
in to lay on the first seventy miles of the
road. This bis? force of men and teams
looks as If- more work than that- is to be
done. Indeed one of the officers Intimated
to-day that this is the fact. Clark's
forces have put on their working clothes.
Practically a long- sjtretch of right * of
way is secured. The road .might' leo on,
grade and iron to the river, at Monte
bello and build the big bridge at that
point. Then work which would take a
erood many weeks might be done up to
the east bank of the river to where the
Puente hills are met, if it is to go that
way. It Is stated by Mr. Clark and oth
ers of the company that the desire is to
press the *p*»rV on ris f^stas possible.
"We will hold the fort," said Gibbon,
"and keep our men at work until we are
ordered to vacate by a court of competent
jurisdiction. The decision of the commis
sioner is not final and we still hope to win
out- If we do not, there are other ways
of getting our road through to Los An
geles and a defeat will in nowise cause us
to halt."
"The Harriman forces have scored a
point," admitted Clark, "but the matter
has yet to be passed upon by the Secre
tary of the Interior and meanwhile we
will relinquish none of our rights."
LOS ANGELES, April 25.— J. Ross Clark
and T. E. Gibbon of the San Pedro, Los
Angeles and Salt Lake road were seen to
day In regard to the decision of the Com
missioner of the General Land Office at
Washington awarding the disputed Ne
vada right of way to the Oregon Short
Line. Both gentlemen declared emphat
ically that the decision will not interrupt
the work being done.
Harriman Forces Must
Now Prepare for
New Battle.
RAILROAD FIGHT
IS NOT ENDED
Grand -marshal, E. J. Taaffe, South Sari
Francisco Parlor; inside guard, Joseph
Goldman; outside guard,. A. B. Harman;
trustees— Walter "Wagner, San Ber
nardino; Joseph. Knowland, Alameda;
George L. Jones; Grass Valley; Charles
Boxton. N San Francisco; George S. Rad
cliff, Watsonville; Will W. Shea, San
Francisco; J. B. Gallagher, San Francisco.
; At the close resolutions thanking the
people of Santa Barbara and the local
parlor for the reception and entertainment
were passed heartily. The ¦ delegates and
visiting Natives have had an excellent
time. . After the adjournment of the par
lor at 11 'p. m. the Grand Parlor formed
under the grand marshal and marched to
the I . Arlington, - where . they were • ban
quoted. In the morning about 200 .will
board the special excursion train for Los
Angeles. Others return home direct.
Tho . first contest was for grand secre
tary. S. A. D. Jones was nominated by
H.' C. Lichtenberger of Los Angeles and
E. Ryan of Sacramento nominated Henry
Lunstedt. Lunstedt ';. was elected by , a
large majority. He has been secretary of
the order since its organization. Henry
Martin of San Francisco . was re-elected
grand treasurer. . The much-canvassed
contest for grind orator resulted in the
election .'of Charles E. ' McLaughlin of
Plumas. County over Judge M. TVDoollng
of San Bernardino. The other officers
elected were, as follows: • '. ¦ •
SANTA' BARBARA, April 25.— The
fourth and last day's session of the Grand
Parlor of the Native Sons was called to
order by President Rust. ¦ After con
sideration of several reports of commit
tees the parlor proceeded- with the elec
tion of officers for the ensuing year, which
had been made special business for this
morning.
In the three highest offices, according
to an unwritten law of the order, there
were no contests. Delegate J.- T. York
placed Frank L. Coombs in nomination
for grand president and the secretary was
instructed to cast the ballot for him.'
Amid great cheering Coombs was de
clared elected. Judge McLaughlin, grand
trustees, nominated Lewis Byington of
San Francisco for grand first vice presi
dent and George E. Catts of Stockton
nominated R. H. R. McNoble for grand
second vice president. The secretary, cast
the ballot for. the candidates. :
Frank Coombs Is Hon
ored With the
Presidency.
NATIVES ELECT
THEIR OFFICERS
The stage left Crockers yester
day morning and -when within eight
miles of the valley it dropped
into the snow and was complete
ly covered. After a ¦ fruitless attempt
to draw the vehicle out the passengers
were obliged to walk several miles until
reinforcements met them from the valley
They arrived here at 6 p. m., having gone
twelve hours without food. ¦'
The passengers had been trying to get
into Yosemite for the last week. .They
got as far as Crockers and had to remain
there several days on account of the dan
gerous roads.
YOSEMITE, April 25.— Yesterday the
driver of the Big Oak Flat stage rode
into the valley- on one of the stage horses,
announcing that the stage was stuck in
ten feet of snow and that help would have
to be sent out to bring the passengers in.
SEecial Dispatch to The Call.
Thrilling Experience of
Passengers Near
"Yosemite.
STAGE TOPPLES
INTO THE SNOW
Miss Stephenson Now Leading.
To-day Miss Stephenson leads her op-
SAN BERNARDINO. April 25.—
Preparations for the first annual
street fair and merchants' carni
val and the Twenty-eighth District
Agricultural Fair to be held here
from May 14 to IS are progressing rapidly,
and judging from present Indications the
affair will be the largest and most suc
cessful of its kind ever heid in Southern
California, Several prominent personages
have accepted invitations to be present
as guests of honor, among them General
Fitzhugh Lee, who is at present in Los
Angeles. "*
Right now the most Important and ex
citing feature of the approaching carnival
Is the work of choosing a queen. There
are thirteen popular and pretty society
women vigorously contesting for the cov
eted honor and just who will be the win
ner is a difficult matter to guess. Last
week Miss Jeannette Davison, Miss Lulu
Claire Bahr, Miss Adele Carson, Miss Ma
rion Kendall and Miss Nellie Brown were
at the head of the list, but now there
has been a decided change, and the lead
ers at present are Miss Isabella Smith,
Miss May Dexter, Miss Lottie Frith, Miss
Marie Stephensofx and Mrs. John Andre
son Jr.
The -committee on queen's coronation —
Mrs. W. H. Stiles, chairman; Mesdames
Gill, Garner, Harbison, Rowell, Jones and
the president of the woman's department,
Mrs. Barton— had a meeting recently and
selected for court costumes -the Marie An
toinette style for the queen, while the
young ladies of the court will be garbed
as Dresden shepherdesses. There will be
eight maids of honor, eight gentlemen of
the court and four pages. One-half will
be chosen by the ladies' coronation com
mittee, the other by the queen. A master
of ceremonies, a court jester and two
heralds will be selected by the committee
on coronation. The entire court will ba
rehearsed not only for the court ceremo
nies but also for . the two daily appear
ances on the throne. The queen and her
prime minister will have the handsomest
carriage in Southern California, drawn by
two white horses. The maids of honor
will be conveyed to and from their homes
in a beautifully decorated tally-ho. Tha
queen's throne will be a structure 24
feet by 68 feet, with a height of 16 feet
at the back, elaborately decorated and
lighted. It will be placed directly in front
of the grand stand at the corner of Third
and E streets.
part is fully recognized by every one. His
prime minister will be Frank "Woodllng.
The voting contest for queen will be
closed one week prior to the coronation
in order that the queen may be fitted for
her robes.
For the carnival the committee, C. W.
Foy, chairman, has named S. W. Mc-
Nabb as Rex, under title of "Mac the
First, Rex." The selection has fallen upon
a well-known young man of the city,
whose ability to sustain the grotesque
"Mac the First, Rex."
Not the least feature of the big enter
tainment will be carnival night, which
is Saturday, May 18. For the last day a
fireman's parade has been arranged, em
bracing hose coupling contests, a ladder
climbing contest, exhibitions of how to
put out fires and huo to hub racing. In
addition to these features it is proposed
to , have a municipal day and to invite
the presidents and members of boards of
Trustees, City Clerks and other officials
of all the towns of Southern California
to be present during one day of the street
fair. The committee has named Riverside
and Redlands days, and has also ex
tended an invitation to the Chamber of
Commerce and the Merchants' and Manu
facturers' Association of Los Angeles to
participate.
ponents by over 4000 votes. Her father
Is trainmaster for the Southern Califor
nia division of the Santa Fe Pacific Rail
way, with headquarters in San Bernar
dino. She Is exceedingly popular and well
known and every employe of the railroad
company from Needles and Mojave on
the north to Los Angeles and San Diego
on the south has during the ¦ last few
days shown a keen interest in her candi
dacy. Orders for hundreds of votes are
sent here daily. Miss Stephenson'3 rail
way friends declare they will make her
queen. The 300 shoo employes here of
the Santa Fe have also indorsed her can
didacy.
Fruit Association Dividend.
SAN JOSE. April 25.— The board of di
rectors of the Cured Fruit Association to
day declared a dividend of 1 cent a pound
In favor of those who had received noth
ing heretofore. One-half of a cent is
payable Immediately and one-half of a
cent within thirty days. At a convention
of the growers to-day ten names were se
lected which are to go before the nomi
nating convention of May 2 from which
to elect five members of the directory
They are W. M. Scott. J. H. Henry W
P. Lyon, W. W. Turney. F. M. Woods, h"
F. Lcrd, J. L. Pendleton, H. L. Stevens
L. F. Graham and F. H. Babb. Woods'
and Graham are members of the present
board. The value of the sales of the as
sociation in the last fifteen days Is about
Young Druggist Found Dead.
SAN JOSE, April 25.— Richard M. Fer
riald. a young druggist, doing business
at the corner of Alum Rock avenue and
Webster street, was found dead in a pile
of boxes in a rear room of his store this
evening. There is no suspicion of foul
play, and there is a doubt as to whether
It Is a case of suicide or death from
natural causes, ¦¦¦.z.o •:¦.(.
VICTORIA. B. C. April 25.— The bark
Colorado, which was bringing down a
cargo of concentrates from the Treadwell
mines in tow of the tug Pilot, is reported
to have been wrecked in Wrangel Nar
rows. She went ashore when the tide was
full, according to dispatches received from
Comcx, where news of the accident to the
bark was brought this afternoon by the
steamer Dolphin, which had reached there
from JSkaguay. The Colorado is said to
have broken her back, having: been bal
anced over a ledge of rocks. Officers of
the Dolphin say she Is a wreck.
The Colorado and Richard III have been
carry coal from Comox to Juneau and
bringing- concentrates down for the Ta
coma smelter for two years past.
sel's Back Is Broken in Wrangel
Narrows.
Report Tliat the. Ore-Carrying Ves-
BARE COLORADO RUNS
ON NORTHERN ROCKS
Senator Perkins Disposes of Many
Thousands of Acres for a South
western Company.
TUCSON". Ariz., April 25. — Senator Per
kins of California arrived in Tucson to
day from La Cananea, a mining camp In
Sonora, where he completed a sale to
IV. C. Greene' of 300,000 acres of land. The
price was more than $100,000. The laud
•was owned by the California and Mexico
Cattle Company and had been used for
cattle purposes by the company.
Greene recently purchased the Baba
comarl land grant, embracing- 35,000 acres
of land in Southern Arizona. He is now
negotiating for ranches lying between his
preat possessions. He will engage in the
cattle .business on the most extensive
scale ever attempted. The land purchased
of Senator Perkins' company contains La
Cananea Camp and all the mining claims
owned by Greene. Senator Perkins visited
La Cananea. which, he says, is the richest
mine In the world. He says that 240
freight teams were passed by him on the
road from Nogales to La Cananea. which
conveys some idea of the activity in the
new camp. Senator Perkins departed to
xiig'ht for San Francisco.
SELLS IMMENSE TRACT
* TO A CATTLE RAISER
City Council Grants Privileges Along
the Water Front to Railroad
Company.
EUREKA. April 25.— The City Council
by a vote of 4 to 1 last eveninff save a
franchise to the Eureka and Klamath
P.ivcr Railroad Cimpany to build a track
through this city alone the water front,
thus disposing of a question which has
:-,sUaied the community for over three
Three companies now have franchises
to run through the city. The Eel River
&nd Eureka Railroad secured its franchise
ov«»r two vears ago. At that time a storm
ves raised because the Eureka and Kla
tn.'ith Company was denied a franchise
presented about the same time. At the
rlty elections which soon followed the
Cour.cilmen who favored the latter com
pasy were elected by the largest majori
ties ever accorded here to candidates for
municipal offices. The third company, the
t'aiifornia and Northern Railway, incor
porated to build to Crescent City, secured
the pasfage cf its franchise two weeks
aero. Its trains will run over the track
of tho Eel River and Eureka Railroad
Company.
Announcement of a Southern Cali
fornia Company Causes a Vig
orous Show of Indignation.
SAN BERNARDINO. April 23.-A few
days ago the American Beet Sugar Com
pany, whose extensive plant and holdings
at Chino. in this county, representing
nearly $1,000,030, announced that it was ar
ranging to take a hundred Japanese there
to work in the beet lields this coming sea
son. I'pon hearing of its plan several hun
dred beet growers became thoroughly
aroused and at a largely attended indig
nation meeting, held Tuesday night, de
nounced th«» proposition and threats were
openly made that if the little brown men
were brought there they would surely be
severely dealt with.
The representatives of the sugar com
pany ¦were present and made an effort to
allay the bitter feeling that prevailed
amoV.g the farmers, but they were unsuc
cessful. One official of the company stat
ed that it was necessary to import Japan
ese to thin their beets, owing: to the
scarcity of white labor. The erowers in
sisted that such was not a fact and en
deavored to persuade the sugar company's
representative to that effect. The latter
further stated that they had already
pign^d contracts with the Japanese and
could not £o back on them. The foreign
help is expected to arrive there in a few
days to commence work and fears are en
tertained that serious trouble will result.
FIGHT FOB, FRANCHISE
IS ENDED IN EUREKA.
BEET GKOWEHS OBJECT
TO JAPANESE UAJ3OB,
OF INTEREST TO THE COAST.
Postofflce Changes.
Additional Pensions Granted and
WASHINGTON, April 25.— A postofflce
has been established at Bluelight, Yakima
County, Wash., with Elbert L. Graves as
postmaster.
J. A. Hutchings has been appointed
postmaster at Russellville, Multnomah
County, Or., vice A. Harvey Buxton, re
signed.
Pensions were granted to-day as fol
lows :
California— Additional— Thomas Millsap,-
Los Angeles, $12. Increase— Horace Goold,
Holiister, $10. » Original widows— Martha
Matilda Johnson, Palo Alto, $8; Albertine
Wichrowski, San Francisco, $8; Sarah E,
Janieson, Fairoaks, $8. War with Spain-
Original— Hans Torvend, San Francisco,
$10; John Deasy, Vallejo, $12.
Oregon— Original— John F. McCracken,
Lagrande, $8. Increase— John D. Sunder
land, Marshfleld, ?16.
Washington — Original — John Munson,
Tacoma, $12; Oscar V. Davis, Spokane, $6.
Increase— Steven T>. France, Soldiers'
Home, Orting, $12; Lev! B. Getchell,
Steilacoom, $10; George S. Humphrey,
Dayton, $8.
FRESNO, April 2a.— Juan Gonzales, one
of tho men accused of the murder of old
Antonio Ruiz near the New Idria mines.
in San Benito County, was arrested by
Constable Mason at Fowler, ten miles
6O-Jth of Frosno. at C o'clock this even
ing. Gonzales had ridden on horseback
t cross the west side to Mendota and had
taken the train from there to Fowler,
where his family Iive3. Tfle Constable ar
rested him in response to a dispatch from
the Sheriff's office here and will leave at
midnight for Holiister with his prisoner.
Gonzales. who cannot epeatf English, de
nios all knowledge of the murder of Ruiz.
HOLLISTER. April 25.-NCWS was re
ceived hero to-day of the murder of An
tonio Ku'x, who kept a small saloon on
the New Idria road. Eixty-five miles south
of Hellisler. The house was discovered to
be on fire early this morning and the
name-s were extinguished by neighbors.
The old man's body was found in the
ruins. There was evidence showing him
to have been murdered. Sheriff Croron
ha* started for the scene.
Joaquin Castro and Jutt Gonzales are
fuppected of the crime. Castro was ar
rested and Gorzalcs has gone to Fresno.
Officers are on his ' trail.
Two Men Who Are Suspected
of the Deed Are Ar
rested.
Evidence of a Ghastly
Crime on New Idria
Road-
CREMATE VICTIM
AFTER MURDER
While this fire was raging the Granite
Livery Stable on Second street was dis
covered in flames and before the firemen
arrived it was burning at every point. The
building and contents are a complete loss,
which amounts to $10,000, and is partially
covered by insurance. The fire spread to
the C. Lucas building on the west and laid
it in ashes. The loss on this is $5000.
Sheriff R. E. Bevan's building was dam
aged $6000 and Joseph Fisher's cabinet
shop 51500. The P. George . building was
damaged $3000. The Evening Democrat
office was flooded by water and the stock
and machinery badly damaged. No paper
was issued this evening. The total dam
age will reach over $30,000.
A horse, and many vehicles were burned
in the Granite Stable, where the fire
originated in the hay loft. The firemen
did good work in checking the flames, as
a strong south breeze prevailed and access
to the fire was difficult. The origin of the
blaze is unknown, but there seems to be
reason to suspect that an incendiary
started it.
MARYSVILLE, April 25.— A disastrous
fire broke out at 2 o'clock this morning
at Eighth and Yuba streets in Ed Cumis
key's barn. The structure was quickly
destroyed, together with two cottages be
longing- to Mrs. Lizzie Bigelow.
Special " Dispatch to The Call.
Incendiary Is Suspected of
Having Started Blaze
at'Night.
Over Thirty Thousand
/ Dollars Lost in
Marysville. ->
FIRE DESTROYS
YUBA PROPERTY
FAIR QUEEN AND MIRTHFUL MONARCH
TO RULE MID FRUITS AND FLOWERS
San Bernardino Wlil
Furnish a Beautiful
Carnival Display
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, APRIL 26, 1901.
8
When you ask for Cascarets be
sure you get the genuine Cascarets
Candy Cathartic! . Don't accept
fraudulent substitutes, imitations or
counterfeits! Genuine tablets stamp-
ed C. C. C. Never sold in bulk-
All druggists^ ioc.
Don't Accept a Substitute!
Between Pine ana California sts.
REMOyED.
PATRICK & CO.,
RUBBER STAMPS, ETC..
TO 221 SANSOME ST.,
visit DR. JORDAN'S great
MUSEUM OF ANATOMY
I C«3 1021MABEXTST.te;.6:li47:i > 3.F.Cil.
Of The Largest Anatomical Museum In the
' — «Jfc^ World. Weaknesses or any contracted
fleSSw d; s eas e *o»iU»t>lyc»rt>d by the oldest
ff|5 S 1 Specialist on the Coast. EsL 36 years.
fljEggA DR. JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN
f WSa«Ja Consultation free and strictly private.
J X#«t S Treatment personally or by letter. A
A W <9 B Potitiv* Cure In every case undertaken.
F II 11 A Write for Book. PBILOISUPBYor
U 1^ »*BHIACE, MAILED FREE. ( A
Q - £L~ . valuable book for mrn) .
DU. JORDAN A CO., 1051 Market St., S. F.
jggL. VIM, VIGOR, VITALITY for MEN
ifflnS^ MORMON BISHOP'S PILLS
j@$&%at «&§& have been In use over fifty
«w^SK?^&<P** years by the leaders of tho
f^WiSRra Mormon Church and their fol-
ISi$EpS^W»l5l lowers - Positively cure the
>i'fy«W 1 '£iSl worst c as e3 in o\i and young
W3k/vAV f&v arising from effects of self-
SSSStria^Ky abuse, dissipation, excesses or
'vSSwviS?' cigarette-smoking. Cure Lost
Manhood. • Impotency, Lost
wBHiSwr Power, Night Lessee, Insom-
nia, Pains in Back, Evil Desires, Lame Back,
Nervous Debility, Headache, Unfitness to Mar-
ry, Loss of Semen, ew Vericocele or Con-
stipation. Stops Ne*J fj rvous Twitching
of Eyelids, Effects STL-jlTL a r e Immediate.
Impart vigor and c * E " :ra »potency to every
function. Don't get despondent; a cure is at
hand. Restore small, undeveloped organs.
Stimulate the brain and- nerve centers; 50c a
box: 6 for $2 50 by mail. A - written guarantee
to cure or money refunded with 6 boxes. Cir-
culars free. Address BISHOP REMEDY Co.,
40 Ellis St., San Francisco, Cal. GRANT
DRUG CO.. 38 and 40 Third st.
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets are pre-
pared by the F. A. Stuart Co. of Mar-
shall, Mich., and sold by druggists every-
where at 50 cents per package. No diet-
ing nor change of habits is required; they
digest the food.
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets are not
claimed to cur6 everything or anything
except Dyspepsia and stomach troubles,
and for that it stands alone among pat-
ent medicines. Any one suffering from
any trouble with their digestion will find
these tablets will give Immediate relief
and a permanent cure.
This is the reason why Stuart's Dys-
pepsia Tablets are superior to all other
spring medicines and blood purifiers.
They give perfect digestion; the food does
not lie In the stomach for hours. They
give a vigorous appetite, sound sleep,
strong nerves, and wholesome food well
digested makes pure blood, and in no
other way can the blood be purified. The
idea that a medicine, in itself, will purify
the blood when the stomach! and diges-
tive organs are out, of order is nonsense.
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets are used by
thousands in preference to "bitters,"
"after dinner pills" and "blood purifiers"
because they remove the cause of the im-
pure blood, and you do not have to take
them forever to get results. Dyspepsia
is an obstinate disease to cure and a
remedy must be designed especially for
It "and nothing else. - Cure-alls will not
cure dyspepsia.
As a matter of fact, there is but one
possible way in which to purify the blood
and that is . through {he stomach and
bowels.
• Pure blood results from wholesome food
thoroughly digested. Impure blood results
from poor digestion and assimilation.
When the stomach refuses to work prop-
erly the food remains too long a time,
fermenting-, forming gases, shown by
sour, bitter taste in the mouth, bloating
and belching of gas, and- distress and dis-
comfort generally. Poor blood, weak
nerves, sleeplessness and a general don't
care feeling can always be traced to im-
perfect digestion.
' The spring of the year is the time for
blood purifiers. It is the season when we
think we must dose ourselves with sarsa-
parillas, bitters and the endless list of so-
called blood purifiers and nerve tonics. •
Which Has Made Many Re-
markable Cures.
A Popular Hemedy for Dyspepsia
SLEEP, STRONG NERVES.
GIVEPEHFECT BICLEST1O1T,SOUNT>
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets
ADVERTISEMENTS,
jTiii^iM-mmi»_
B lust » little bcttet >- N .• £
H than any other train g|
| —a little better service— * 0
h a more homelike Q
. I CALIFORNIA
I LIMITED I
f| ¦ than you find elsewhere,' S
I and it runs like this if
r 1 LEAVES SAW FRANCISCO I
: I 9 an Mon Tuss Wad Thur FrI Sat Sun H
I ARRIVES CHICAGO . |
¦ 1 2.15 pn Thur Fri Sat Sun Mon Tues Wed 5
¦ I 75 HOURS TO CHICAGO ||
" 1 ON THE I
i L SftNTAJFE J
SOUTHERN PACIFIC.
Train* !••»»• »»«• »r« 4u« »• »rrl»» »»
, MAN FKAN«:iM4!O.
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street)
i.katb — From Armx 23. 180L — abmti
7:30a Benidft, Suisan, ElraiiB, VacaTilie,
Ramsey and Sacramento. ......... 7i3.1i
7 i30a DaTia, Woodland. KnlgfcU Landing.
MujSTille. Orofllle .I 1 ?'!'
7saOA Atlantic K » press— Ogden and East 12:«3f
8jOO a M artinex. S«n lUmon, Vallejo. Kapa, '
C'alistcja and Santa ICosa 8i23t
8:00a LiTennore, Stockton, H&oford. Vi»«
Ha. fortenille 33 '
8:OOa Uiles. Lathrop. Merced. Fiesno. Ba-
ktrsfleld 4:S3»
8:30a Shasta Express— Datis, Williams (for
Bartlett Springs). Willow*, Bad
Bluff, PortlaudL 7:83*
¦iBftA Sai> Jose. I-ivermote, Htockton,
loue, Sacramento. PIacer»ille.
lUryoTUIe. Chico, KertWnff 4s23»
8:30* Oakdaie, Chinese (Ycsemite). 80-
nora,Oarters .. ??'
»:0»* HajwarJs, Nilesand Way SUtioni. IIi33*
UiU« a Los Angeles Express — Martinez,
Tracy, Latlirop, Mtockton. Mcroed
Fresno and Los Angeles 7:33*
9:30a Vallejo. Martinez ami Way Stations 5:33p
1O:OOa The OTerland Limited— Ogden, Den- '
rer. Omaha. Chicago Oi»3»
fl:OOp Sacramento letter Steamer* J3:O««
»:3Op Haywariin, iNlfcs aud Way HUtlnng. 7:33p
8:3»f Port Co3ta. Martinez Lathrop, Mer-
ced ; Berenda ( Yoeemit e), Iresno.. * «3 J
¦tittOr'Beuleia, Winters, ftaorauiento,
Wootlland. Kniklits landing.
MiirjMllle, Orotlllt. 10:."»3»
4iaOp Martinez. Him lUnion, Vallejo,
Nap*. (.'ullBtoK*. Simta KoRa »i2.1\
4:00r Nile», LWermoie, Stockton. Lodl... 10:53*
•i t:n»r Haywarda. Nlles Nan .iune. Live rmore fS:S3A
5:«Op Tiio Owl Limited— Tracy. Btockton.
Fresno, BakeraQeld, Haugua (or
Santa Barbara. Los Angeles ...... 8:33*
0:««p Bafwarda, Nlleu and Xau Jose 7:33*
f«:OOr Vullejo il:!»3*
OtO« p Oriental Mail— Ogden. Cheyenne.
Omaha, Cbicngo ia:2Sr
I 6:00r Oriental Mail-Ogdeo, Denier,
J Omaha. Chicago. 4:23*
7t00r Oregon and California Kxpre«s,Nao-
ruiittmtu. M»na»llle. ICe<MI»g,
rurtlHixt. 1'iiKet Honi.il Kn.l Raak 8s»S*
8:03p San Pablo, Pnrt Coata. Martinez
and Way Stations 11:334
t»:03p Vallejo 7i33p
COAST. LINE (Narrow Uan K e).
(Foot of Market Street.* __^
17t 1*a Santa Craz Excursion to danta. Cruz
1 and Prlnc-pal Way Stations J8 :03»
I 8sl3ANenrark.CeiiCerTllltt,.Saii.Ioee,F«lton,
; ISoiiltlerCreek.BaiitaOruzaiid Way
¦Stations 3i3»»
t»i 1 3r Newark Center Title, San Jaie, Nnw
Ahimifeu, 7eltou, Itonlder Creek,
Santa Ciuz aud Principal Way
Stations tlOi.lOA
4il3r Newark, Sail Jose. Log Gates { {10:30*
j CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
j fram SiN fRlMClSCO— F«ot tt Marktt Strut (Slip 8)—
I t7:I5 0:00 11:00*. u. 1:03 3:00 8:18r.M.
TttmOillkno—U*l»:it**im»j.~1ii.OO Js.00 t3;C3
I 10:C0a.u. 12:00 2:03 i:03r.M.
COAST LINE (llroa.l (a.t K c).
(Third i»id Townsen.l 8 to.)
«il»t Mouth Han Fiancisco. Palo Alto.... «ia»r
16:15a Hau Joaeand Way Ktntion I::»«»F
|7:OOa Sunday Excunlon for San Jcce,
Haiita Crux. Pacific Giore and
Pilndpal Way Stations J9:3O»
7:3Oa Ccsst Line Limited, San Josr. Gllroy.
S»U»a8, Paso iioblea. San Lnia
Obupo, Lcmpoc, Sanu Barbira,
Los Angeles 10:33»
B:O»aHhii Josh. Trea IMnoa. Santa Una.
1-niMiic Him*, iralinia. San Lnia
¦ . Obtapo ami Principal intermediate
HUtii>ns -ItlOr
10::t0\ San Jcse and Way Stations. 7;3<>p
/I»:3»a New Alinaden ; /5:30p
I IiIIOa Man Joae ami Way Stations StUOP
12 :'l»p San Xlateo, Itedwood. Menlo Park,
Palo* Alto. Santa Clara, Han .lose,
Tres Pinos, Santa Cruz, SsJinaa,
Monterey and Pad lie Grofe JH»:l3l
»:3»p San .lose and Way Stations 8:3I>*
t-ltlSr Sau Jnae and Principal Way Stations «:«•"»*
t3:OOp Shii Joae, Loa Gatos and Principal
Way Stations f9:OOa
3:3Or SanJose and Principal Way Stations 8:30*
6:13? New Orleacg Express, Ban Jcae,
Sact» Barbara, Los Angeles. Drm-
icz. El Paao, New Orleans and Eaat 7t I O A
6:I3p Del Monte, Monterey. Pacific GroTe,
i Loapoo IOs33p
i 6::tOp8ai Jose ami Way SUttons f»:«OA
j qll:45p San Jose and Way SUtluus 7i30»
A for Morning. P for Afternoon. *
; tHiiiidarexcepted. J "nn d»T only.
j % Saturday only, 4 Tue«<iavs and ITridajnU
I — _
CiUFOBHI RORTHWESTEM HI. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon Ferry. F00J: of Market St.
San Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DAYS— 7:30. 9:C0, 11:00 a. m.; 12:33, 3:30,
6:10,6:30 p.m. Thursdays—Extra trip at 11:30
p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:34 and
11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS — 8:00, 9:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30. »:30,
5:00, 6:20 p. m.
Sam Rafael t* Sam Franciaa*.
WEEK DAYS— «:10. 7^0. 9:20. 11:10 a. m.; 13:45,
3:40. 5:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:33
and 6:35 p. m.
6UNDAYS-8:10. 9:40. U:10 a. m.: 1:40. »:«,
6:05. 6:25 p. m.
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park.
same schedule as above. _^__-
Leave -I In Effect I Arrtv*
San Francisco. [April 15. 1901.1 San Francisco.
Week j Sun- J I Sun- I Week
Days, f days. | Dggtlnatlon. | days. I Daya.
7:30 am 8:00 am Novato. 10:40 am »:*) am
3:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma, «:05 pm 10:23 am
5:10 pm S:00pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm 6:22 pm
Fulton.
7:30 am Windsor. 10:25 am
i Healdsbursr.
Lytton.
Geyservllle.
S:SO prn 8:00 am) Cloverdale. 7:35 pm >:23 pm
7:30 ami I Hopland I |10:25 am
3:30 pmj 8:00 am] and TJklah. \ 7:35 pm! 6:22 pm
7:30 am| j 10 :25 am
I 8:00 am Guernevllle. 7:35 pm
3:30 pm| \t:E t>m
7:30 am 8:00 ami Sonoma »:15 ami 8:40 am
I and
5:10 pm 5:00 pm| Glen Ellen. 8:05 pm| 6:23 pm
7:30 am! 8:00 ami 110:40 am|10:25 am
3:30 pmf 5:00 pml Sebastopol. I 7:35 pm[ g:22 pm
St^s^s connect at Santa Rosa for Marie
West Sprlnzs and TVhite Sulphur Sprinars; at
Lytton for Lytton Springs: at GeyservUle for
Skazss Springs; at Cloverdale for the G«y-
*gers; at Hopland for Duncan Springs, Hlsfh-
land gprings. Kelseyvllle, Carlsbad Springs.
Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett Springs: at
ITkiah" for Vichy Springs, Saratoga Springs,
Blue Lakes, laurel Dell Leke. Witter Springs.
Upper Lake. Pomo. Potter Valley. John Day's.
Riverside. Lierley's. Bucknell's. Sanhedrln
Heights. Hullville. Orr's Hot Springs. Mendoclno
City. Fort Brace, WestDort. TJsal; Wllletts.
Laytonvllle^ Cnmmlngs. Bell's Springs. Harris.
Olsens Dyer. Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sundays, round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office. 650 Market St.. Chronicle bulld-
lns. R. X. RYAN.
H. C. WHITING. ' Gen. Pass. Agt.
General Manaser.
MOUNT TAMALPAI5 RAILWAY
Via SansaTiW Ferry— Foot of Market St.
tv. **n rnAM. . *n. san maia.
i*b£5:V WEEK DAYS 1 i-^p 5:
4:00 p. m.) Stay over night at the tavkks(. 10-35 am*
8:00 a. x.1 f l.-OOp. M.
lvSt'^l- —SUNDAYS 1_J »*?'•*
1:13 P. it. J "-•..'« ¦ J 5-55 p ii
Fare. San Francisco to Summit and Return. $1.40.
Ticket Offices. 621 Market St., & Sansaiito Ferry.
Weekly Call $1.00 jar Year
RATT.WAY TEA VEX.
ADVERTISEMENTS
Arc You Using & Pore, Healthy
and Easily Digested Break-
fast Food?
Food Experts Say
Malt Breakfast Food
Is the Most Healthful of
Foods.
It Is -well known to analytical food ex-
perts that but few grain foods are really
wholesome and nutritious. The majority
of breakfast foods contain too much In-
soluble starch and other agents that tax
digestion, injure the stomach and heat the
blood.
Malt Breakfast Food— a partially predl-
gested food— is the greatest triumph of
dietetics. This popular breakfast grain
f oo/l with Its delicious flavor, its perfect
freedom from insoluble starch and other
objectionable features, is the only true
I health food in the world.-
Malt Breakfast Food is the ldeaJ food
to commence the day with. It furnishes
, energy, vitality and strength for. the day
I that no other grain food can supply. It
t agrees with the weakest digestion and
gives tone to the most delicate stomachs.,
1 The best medical authorities recommend
I Malt Breakfast Food for its wonderful
1 food value. At all srocers.
DDTTQUITQ FOR BARBERS, BAK-
JjXiUl^llJuO'r 3 ' bootblacks, bath-
***** houses, billiard tables,
brevrers, bookbinders, candy-makers, canners.
dyers, nourmills, foundries, laundries, paper-
hangers, printers, painters, shoe factories, sta-
blemen, tar-roofers, tanners tailors, etc.
BUCHANAN BROS.
Brush Manufacturers. 609 Sacramento St
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
All Sorts =,2^1
0/ Conveniences
Burlington tourist sleeping-
cars have all sorts of con-
veniences — Pintsch gas, toilet '
. rooms, marble wash-basins.
. high-back seats, double win-
dows, a heating range for
making tea and coffee, and
tables to write on or to use at
meal time.
They leave Los Angeles, Mondays and
Wednesdays; San Francisco, Tuesdays and
Thursdays — Omaha.
I I Chicago, Kansas City.
rr 1 St Louis— EVER Y-
IrmtrfihTntnl where east.
KTTSXSp' Tickets and b'erths |
|S^j!jm7fwi| at 631 Market Street
[ifcSJ&abviail w, d. Sanborn,
L I Gen'l Agent.
1^ _»j.j.ju.i.i....._.._._ ,J3
Santa Fe
Trains— Daily.
Leave Market-Street Ferry" Depot.
Local Llm'd Ovrl'd j Local
Daily. Daily. Daily. Daily.
Lv. San Fran 7:20 a 9:00 a 8:00 p 4:20 p
Ar. Stockton. 10:25 a 11:43 a 11:05 p 7:25 p
" Merced .. 12:25 p 1:17 p 1:15 a
' " Fresno .. 2:20 p 2:35 p 3:05 a
" Hanford 4:22 p 3:27 p 7:06 a
" Vlsalia .. 4:10 p 4:10 p 4:43 a
" Tulare .. 4:27 p 4:27 p 5:03 a
" Bksfleld 6:50 p 5:20 p 7:30 a
" Kan City 2:41a 7:30 a "
" Chicago 1 2:15 p 9:00 p
• a for morning, p for afternoon.
9:00 a. m. train is the California Limited
Carrying Palace Sleeping Cars and Dininsr
Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car runa '•
to Bakersfield for accommodation of local
first-class passengers. No second-class •
tickets are honored on this train'. Corre-
¦ponding train arrives at 5:33 p. m dally :
4:20 p. m. Is Stockton Local. Correspond- I
Ing train arrives at 11:05 a. m. daily j
3:00 p. m. Is the Overland Express with
through Palace and Tourist Sleeper's and
free Reclining: Chair Car, also Palae»
Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno Corn-"
epondlns train arrives at 5:55 p. m daily
7:20 a. m. Is Bakersfield Local, stopping
at all points In San Joaquln Valley Corre°
Bpondlng train arrives at S:4Q a. m. dal'v
Offices— 641 Market street and Jn Ferrv
Depot San Francisco; U12. Broadway
Oakland. • . ¦- *¦
ARE YQII-'T BUFFALO?
THE .
Great Wabash R.R,
HAVE
A FIRST-CLASS TRAINS A
JL. From the West Direct Tt
To BUFFALO and
EASTERN POINTS WITHOUT CHANGE.
Ask Your Agent About the
WABASH.
C.S. CRANE. G. P. A.,
St. Louis, Mo.
ROSS C. CLINE, P. C. P A.
- . Lo» Anjeles. Cal.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausalito Ferry.
Commencing: September 30, 1900
FROM SAN FRANCISCO^ Mia VALLEY
SS^ESraSKS^SS *• »- •»••*
"EXTRA TRIPS-For Mill Valley and San
Rafael on Mondays _ Wednesdays and Satur-
days at 9:00 and 11:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— *8:00. *10:00. »ll:30 a. m. n-li
3:15, *4:45, 6:30. 9:00 j>. m. "*• T1 - la '
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentln
FROM SAN RAFAEL, TO SAN FRANCISfO
«TK».X „':*• »-:
EXTRA TRIPS ¦ on Mondays. Wedneadav.
and Saturdays at 6:45 and 10:20 p. m ean « a «ay»
SUNDAYS-6:20. •S^, *10:00, •UV45 - m
•1:40, »2:15. 4:45, *6:30 p. m. a-m..
Trains marked (•) start from San Quentin
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DAYS— 5:45. 6:45. 7:53. 9^0 k. m
12:35. 2:10. 3:30. 4:54, 5:20 p. m. m -
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, "Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:20 p. * veanesda y s
SUNDAYS-8:05. 10:05 a. m.. 12-05* 2-15 2-M
6:00, 6:45 p. m. ' ' *"•
THROUGH TRAINS. "
6:55 a. m. week days— Cazadero and -vray
stations.
1:45 p. m. Saturdays — Tornales and way
stations.
8 a; m. Sundays— Tomalea and ¦way sta-
tlons. . .
y^^V Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
/Lm^Jjm <529 KEAnST ST. Established
fifft»lESS ln 1S5 * for the treatment of Private
BAX5Vi^a Diseases, Ix>st ilanbood. Debility or
HOTWMgnato'ase wearing on body and mind and
»£i«5»ra>?l2H.Skin Diseases. The Doctorcnres when
«3H|MBra otners fal'. Try him.. Charges low.
, cnarnntrrd. Call or write.
Sr< JT. F. uibbux. aan I" rancisco. Cal.Examinations for Deputies.
The Civil Service Commission held an
examination yesterday for deputyships in
the Board of Public "Works. Eleven appli
cants took the test, which comprised
questions on the proper administration of
the Bureau of Streets.
The matter was brought to the atten
tion of the military officials, and as it is
a serious offense they were ordered un
der arrest. Their mysterious spiriting
away followed, and then came, the rum
ors. The two young men were given a.
chance to explain and their release fol
lowed quickly. Their explanation showed
that their terrible crime was due to an
ignorance of the laws governing the man
ner in which a a army officer can draw hla
salary. - .
The officers in question were Lieuten
ants Vernon and Heyman of the Twenty
seventh Infantry, and their arrest was
due to an over-zealous commanding offi
cer. The lieutenants had Just returned
from Manila nnd were possessed with a
burning desire to view the gay sights of
this city. To do this properly required
some cash, and the young officers had
none. They remedied the difficulty by go
ing to a warrant shaver and turning over
to him a voucher for a month's salary for
a sufficient number of dollars to enable
them to see the sights.
It Is a mystery no longer, and now those
who spent many days and nights conjur
ing up all sorts of crimes as those charged
against the unfortunate officers have dis
covered that the time spent on Alcatraz
Island by the supposed terrible offenders
was but two hours, and the offense which
caused their arrest was the hypothecat
ing 1 of a pay voucher for one month's
salary. r
The mysterious arrest and (jnick trans
fer to Alcatraz Island of two volunteer
army officers has been under discussion
in army circles since the mustering out of
the regiment to which the two men were
supposed to be attached. While many ru
mors were afloat, the cause for the arrest
and the manner in- which It was made re
mained a mystery.
Tales of Mysterious Arrests
and Terrible Grimes
Set at Best.
Sporty but Needy Offi
cers Cause of Sen-
CIO v i^\T^
ARMY MYSTERY
FINALLY SOLVED
A boy's : first trousers and '. a man's first
love are soon outgrown*
. ATLANTIC CITY, N. J., April 23.— The
three-masted schooner Emma C. Knowles,
Captain Rogers, from Charleston, S. C.
April 14 for Fall River, with a cargo of
lumber, was sighted six miles off this city
to-day almost a total wreck. There was
no life on the vessel, and the .fate of her
crew is unknown.
No Life on the Wreck.
For the benefit of the debt fund of
Trinity Presbyterian' Church, at Twenty
third, and Capp streets. Rev. G L. Spi
nlng, D. D., of South Orange, N. J., . lec
tured there last night. ¦¦ ¦ Dr. Spining was
pastor before • the . congregation moved
into Its present spacious edifice The
subject of his lecture was "Abraham
Lincoln," and it was illustrated by nu
merous extracts and anecdotes from ; his
published speeches and histories. Dr.
Kerr, the pastor, presided, and at the
conclusion of . the lecture cards pledging
the signers to subscribe to shares of
stock o i f the Trinity Debt-paying Asso
ciation - were passed around and - freely
signed-i^v.:. ;•:..-.,;.._,.¦.,:-¦ .. ¦ ¦ .
Lectures to Help Pay Debt.
Decrees of divorce were also granted
to . Minnie A. ' Clark ~ from Samuel P
B. Clark for failure to provide and
Josephine M. Hall irom Silas M. Hall for
failure to provide. Suits for divorce were
filed yesterday by Ciaire E. Pike against
Edwin. G. Pike for desertion; "William F
Bauer against Annie Bauer for infidelity*
Kate Moody against Henry Moody for
desertion,. Joseph A. Doyle against Ray
Doyle forcruelty, Mary E; Leahy against
Thomas 'G. Leahy for failure to provide
and - Ada H. Allen against William E
Allen forcruelty. >-<. .
Charles A. Taylor, a theatrical manager,
was granted a divorce by Judge Cook yes
terday from Hettle F. Taylor on the
ground of desertion. The application was
filed last October and yesterday Colonel
Kowalsky, on behalf of Taylor, read his
deposition which had been taken in New
York. The respondent did not make an
appearance and the Judge granted the
decree . by "default.
Taylor Granted Divorce.
The following officers were elected for
the year: President, Mrs. P. N. Lllien
thal; vice presidents, Mrs. I. Lowenberg,
Mrs. . J. Voorsanger, Mrs. M.' Esberg*
treasurer, Mrs. L. Gerstle; recording sec
retaryi Mrs. A. M. Davis; corresponding
secretary, Miss Victoria Lillenthal; coun
cil, Mrs. I. S. Ackerman, Mrs. F. A
Haber, Mrs. M. S. . Grinbaum, Mrs. Clara
Baum, Mrs. A. Brown, Mrs. Charles Col
man, Mrs. J. R. Davidson, Mrs. Andrew
M? Davis, Mrs. Leah Dreyfuss, Mrs. L.
Elkus, Mrs. ,1. \V. Hellman, Mrs. J. J
Jacob!, Mrs. S. S. Kahn, Mrs. R., Kauf
man, Mrs. J. H. ¦ N eustadter, Mrs Leon
Sloss, Mrs. H. Wangenheim; advisory
board, B. Sheideman, A. Anspacber; Lew
is Gerstle. S. W. Levy. J. H. Neustadter,
Louis Sloss, "William 'Haas, P. N.-.Lillen
thal, S. "W. Rosenstock, Lev! Strauss.
. The annual meeting of the Emanuel
Sisterhood was held j yesterday afternoon
in' the clubrooms on Ninth street. The
reports read showed the society to be in
a flourishing condition, with nearly $21,000
in the treasury.
Officers Are Elected and Reports Are
.-¦¦ Read Showing Flourishing
Condition of Society.
EMANTTEL SISTERHOOD
IN ANNUAL MEETING
Little Adsle Steinman Recognizes
Him as the Burglar Who
Scared Her.
Edward Gallagher, alias Yarrow, the
youthful burglar who broke into the resi
dence of Mrs. Simon Donau at 1452
Franklin street and stole several hun
dred dollars' worth of jewelry, was posi
tively-identified in the City Prison yester
day by little Adele Steinman, who was in
the house at the time, and whom, the
burglar threatened to kill If she made an
outcry.
Gallagher and four other, prisoners
were taken from their cells and made to
stand in a line. The child, who is un
usually bright for her age, was then
asked to Identify the man who had
robbed the house. "Without a moment's
hesitation she pointed to Gallagher, who
vainly endeavored to hide his face. As
the child was positive that Gallagher was
the right man a charge of burglary was
recorded against him.
Detectives Wren and Dinan are
satisfied that Gallagher Is the burglar
who entered the residence of Dr. Bowes
at 2629 Pacific avenue Sunday night and
at the point of a pistol commanded the
servant girl to show him where her mis
tress kept her jewelry and valuables.
To-day an effort will be made to have
the* servant identify him. : :~\- L
GALLAGHER IDENTIFIED
BY GIRL HE THREATENED
Ridicule the Story that Mrs. Kltigo
Has Been Promised the Cliff
House.
The story published in a morning paper
yesterday that Mrs. Clara "Kluge-Sutro"
had secured recognition of her claims to
a portion of the estate of the late Adolph
Sutro and that the representatives of the
estate were about to turn over the Cliff
House or $150,000 to her in settlement was
ridiculed yesterday by the attorneys for
the heirs and executors, The latter claim
that no such offer has been made and
dubbed the sensational story a fairy tale
Attorney Campbell, who represents Mr!
Adamson, one of the executors, stated
that all. sorts of propositions have been
made by Mrs. Kluge's attorneys, but
that nothing definite had been ' agreed
upon. Mr. McKinstry and . Reuben H
Lloyd, attorneys for Dr. Emma L. Mer
ritt, were surprised to learn that the mat
ter in which they were vitally interested
had been settled without their knowing it
Both attorneys stated that no compro
mise had been effected. . .
Dr. Merritt is now in Arcadia. Hen
brother. Edward Sutro, who is in this city
upon seeing the sensational story ex
pressed great surprise. He said if any
thing had been done he would have cer
tainly" known of it. ' <
On February 14 of this year The' Call
published the statement that Mrs. Kluge
had been recognized by the Sutro heirs
On the preceding day two heavy mort
gages on property In the Point Lo'bos dis
trict were filed in the Recorder's office and
the signature of Mrs. Clara "Klu"-e-
Sutro" was affixed to one of the docu
ments. , Thei attorneys in the case admit
that negotiations have been pending with
a view to a compromise, but say none
has been reached. . ¦
ATTORNEYS FOR STJTRO '
HEIRS ENJOY A LAUGH
WOODLAND, April 25.— Donald Fru
zor, a native of Scotland and 80 years of
age, died here this morning and will be
butled Saturday. Deceased was a resi
dent of California for fifty-one years, and
of Yole County for forty-seven years. He
was a prominent Mason and will be buried
ui:der the ausoiccs of that fraternity.
Aged Yolo Resident Dead.
Under the plan thus outlined it is ex
pected that production will be controlled
and that there will be a reasonable price
obtained for oil which will afford a -fair
margin . of profit to the producers, and
will set aside the bad practices of brokers
who have been pitting one company
against another in the market for the
purpose of knocking- down the price. '
The committee appointed for that pur
pose has. devised a plan to insure unity
of action on the part of the fuel oil pro
ducing companies of the. State. This plan
will be submitted to the companies within
a day or two. The committee, consisting
of five oil men, was named by a general
committee that was appointed at the'gen
eral conference held recently In the maple
room of the Palace Hotel. Since their
appointment the members of the com
mittee have met several times and have
studied the problems before them atten
tively. They have decided that, the gen
eral plan shall, if sanctioned by the pro
ducing Oil companies. Include the forma
i-^/vST?" central company capitalized at
$o00,000, in 5000 shares at $100 per share.
Each producing company shall on the
payment of $1000 for ten shares of stock
be a member of the central company.
Twenty-six hundred shares of stock will
be retained In the treasury, in escrow
and deposited with a trust company by
trustees. There will be a board of direc
tors, who will be elected by the produ6
ing companies, voting in proportion to
their respective production of oil.
Each company will hold its original ten
shares of, stock through the first year.
That will mean an issue. to the companies
of something like 700 shares, it is antici
pated, for it is estimated that' between
seventy-five and eighty companies will
come into the association at the start:
Eleven directors will be elected, who will
serve for. one year. At the end of the
year the stock will be reapoortioned ac
cording to production. An executive
board of three is also provided for in the
plan, who will be salaried men and who
will be Intrusted with the very impor
tant duty of fixing the market price and
apportioning the production among the
several companies. The producing^cOm
panles will enter into a contract with the
cSntral , company to deliver to it all the
oil they produce above that already con
tracted for. the period being for five
years. The central company Is to sell the
oil and apportion the sales among the
companies. The basis of apportionment
will be changed every three months, ac
cording to the respective amounts of busi
ness of the several companies.
Provide Way to Regu
late Production and
¦-'¦* Assure Profit. .
OIL PRODUCERS
PERFECT PLANS
Says He Is Recognized by Noncon
formists as Sovereign, but Not
Defender of Faith.
LONDON, April 25.— In dellverinsr the
presidential address to the Congregational
Union at the City Temple to-day Dr.
Parker somewhat astonished the meeting
by his reference to King Edward, pref
acing bis remarks with the discriminatory
words: "God be thanked for Queen Vic
toria and God save her son, the King."
¦ Dr. Parker proceeded to express the
deepest sympathy with Roman Catholics
under the "despicable insult" inflicted
upon them by the oath of accession." The
nonconformists, said Dr. Parkep. "recog
nized the King as sovereign of the-em
pire but would never hail him as head of
the church or Defender of the Faith."
Eight- Year-Old Girl in a Southern
Town Poisoned While Tend
ing Cows.
SAN DIEGO, April 25.— The bite of a
rattlcsnakle caused the death of C. B.
Gaskill's eight-year-old daughter at Japa
tul last night. The girl was out with her
sister ' tending cattle, about three-quar
ters of a mile from the house, when the
snake fastened its fangs In one of her
bare feet. Both the girls started on the
run for the house, but the injured one
sank exhausted on the way, while
the other quickly brought out her father.
The latter put a tourniquet on the child's
leg and applied his mouth to the Wound
sucking out much of the blood and poison,
but too much time had elapsed ofter the
bite, and these efforts proved unavailing.
After suffering intense agony for twenty
four hours the child died.
DR. PARKER CASTS
SLUR. ON KING EDWARD
CHILD DIES IN AGONY
FROM RATTLESNAKE BITE
Wilson.
SAN RAFAEL, April 25.— The prelim
inary hearing of Charles R. Wilson, who
is accused of attempting to murder James
S. McCue at Corte Madera about a week
ago, took place before Judge Bellrude at
Sausallto to-day. Wilson fired three rifle
shots through the house of Benjamin
Scouler. and McCue, who lives In a neigh
boring house, had him arrested on the
ground that Wilson's bullets were in
tended for him.
To-day Mrs. Scouler testified how nar
rowly, she escaped death from a rifle bul
let as she crossed her porch on the night
in question and how two other bullets tore
through her home. Her husband told the
same facts. Constable Creed was next
called and detailed how he secured Wil
son's rifle and made the arrest. The case
will be finished next Tuesday, to which
date it was postponed.
Mrs. Scouler Testifies in Court About
the Shooting Done by Charles
decla~r.es the bullets
RIDDLED HER HOME
Redwood.
REDWOOD CITY, April 25.— The action
of Jarboe, Crooks, Hearfield & Bannister
against Prince PonlatowskI and T. S.
Bullock to recover $5000 rent due under a
lease of a marble quarry In Tuolumne
County,- was called for trial this morning
before Judge Buck of the Superior Court
of San Mateo County, but on a motion
of the defendants the trial was continued
until next Tuesday morniDg, the 30th.
On last Thursday the same case was
before the court. At that time the de
fendants admitted that they owed the
money, but that William Grant, who at
one time was interested In the quarry,
notified them not to pay it to plaintiffs,
and the defendants then asked the court
to make Grant a party to the proceedings
They also asked leave to deposit the
money with the court and be dismissed,
leaving Grant and plaintiffs to fight for
the money.
The court denied the motion to make
Grant a party, and the latter then filed a
complaint in intervention setting forth his
claims to the money. : It was then under
stood that an order should be prepared
and signed by the Judge permitting the
defendants to pay the money to the clerk
of the court and that they should be dis
missed. This order was, however, not
made, and since last Thursday the de
fendants have been garnisheed under an
execution held by Grant against Jarboe
and Crooks. Now the defendants do not
feel that they can safely pay the money
into court as was their intention, and as
the garnishment was only served yester
day they asked lor a continuance in order
that they might consider what they shall
do.
Suit in Which Poniatowski Is One of
the Defendants Continued at
MAEBLE QUARRY LEASE
CAUSES THE TROUBLE
ONE OF THE WITNESSES IN
THE SACRAMENTO OIL LAND
SUIT.
At ' one time Charles A. Snook was
looked upon as one of the most prominent
merchants in this city. He established a
plumbing business here in 1849 and
enjoyed the greatest prosperity. His firm
was noted for its integrity and had the
confidence . of the business people. Sev
eral months ago, because of sickness and
depression caused by the loss of his wife,
he was forced to retire from active work.
Subsequent to his retirement he showed
signs of mental falling. Arrangements
for the funeral have not yet' been com
pleted.
The deceased disappeared from his home
at 1&41 Broadway on April 12, and his
whereabouts up to the discovery of the
body yesterday remained a profound mys
tery- The first that his daughter, 'with
whom he was living, knew of his absence
was when he failed to come to the break
fast table. A search was Instituted, and
It was found that he had quitted his bed
at the break of day. The last seen, of
him was on a Fillmore-street car, on
which it Is supposed that he went to the
bay. Since his disappearance the family,
assisted by the police, have maintained
a dilierent search.
The mystery which surrounded the dis
appearance of Charles A. Snook, the re
tired pioneer plumber, was solved yes
terday morning when his body was found
floating in the waters of the bay off Fill
more street. The remains were identified
by Deputy Coroner Charles Meehan, who,
with Deputy Donohoe, was detailed to
bring the body to the Morgue. The dis
covery of the body was made by Tony
Deserillo, an employe of the gas works
in the vicinity. The inquest will be held
to-day.
Floating Remains Solve
Mystery of Disap
pearance.
SNOOK'S BODY
IS FOUND IN BAY
Daroux in his statement throws down
the gauntlet, declaring that if he has
sworn falsely against Mayor Clark the
latter knows his redress. Thus the battle
rages.
Clark is a candidate for re-election for
Mayor next fall, and since Cavanaugh
ana Darour* together with Wright, are
ment in to-night's Bee, in which he ex
plains what he meant by saying that
Clark ¦was a partner •with him in .the pool
room business and in which he denies ab
solutely that he told Clark that Colonel
Wright was interested in "the poolrooms.
B. W. Cavanaugh, DarOux's partner, is
to the front with a similar denial In Col
onel Wright's behalf.
Added interest to the general row which
Daroux' s sensational testimony has pro
duced is : imparted by a statement from
President John C. Ing of the City Board
of Trustees, in which the charge is made
that several months after Mayor Clark
was leading the church crusade against
the poolrooms he held a conference with
the poolroom men at Cavanaugh' resi
dence looking to the passage of an ordi
nance that would compel him as Mayor
to issue licenses to poolrooms complying
with certain conditions.
A well-known theatrical man said yes
terday in speaking of the coming opera
season that Grau would this year bring
a strong German cast. Last season it was
demonstrated on many occasions that San
Francisco audiences prefer. German to
Italian opera.
The opening night will be November 11
and the last production will be given Sat
urday evening, November 30. It is known
that Grau was highly satisfied with the
business done last year and he naturally
Is willing to take another chance.
Music-lovers who enjoyed the rare
privileges of the last grand opera season
and dressmakers, hackmen and proprie
tors of cafes who reaped generous har
vests of coin during that season will re
ceive the news with the utmost satisfac
tion. •
The grand opera season this year is as
sured. Maurice Grau and Walter Morosco
yesterday closed the bargain to that end
by correspondence.
Season of Grand Opera
in November Is Now
Assured
GERMAN MUSIC
WILL BE SUNG
B. W. Cavanaugh was a witness In the
oil land case this afternoon. He testified
that Clark had told him that he had had
a row with Colonel Wright and J. L.. Gil
lis and was glad to get out of the com
pany. The witness was asked if Clark
was in earnest at the time, and replied
that Mayor Clark "joshed a good deal and
passed considerable hot air.'.' Pressed by
counsel to define what he meant by "hot
air," Cavanaugh said it was "a sort of
fluid that comes from, a man's body when
he thinks he is going to be elected and
then forgets all about it afterward."
looked upon as powers in Republican poll
tics, there seems small prospect for a
peaceful realization of Clark's hopes.
As indicating the interest which- Mayor
Clark's interview in The Call has awak
ened, F. A. Daroux, B. W. Cavanaugh
and M. P. Rowland issued a written state
ment to-night addressed to the editor jit
The Call, in which they assert that tn*y
never, at any time or place, intimated
or stated to George. H. Clark that J. B.
Wright was ever in any manner interested
with them or any of them in the pool
room business, and branding the state
ment made by Mayor Clark in The Call as
unqualifiedly false.
Knots During Her
Trial.
LONDON, April 25.— The official speed
trial of the torpedo-boat Bailey was
scheduled for a course off this harbor.
The Bailey eclipsed all records for her
trial, maintaining an average speed of 30.2
knots during the entire trip, and at one
time reaching a mark of 31.25. During
the trial the engine worked with the
greatest smoothness, the propellers mak
ing on the average 403 revolutions, with a
maximum of 418. The naval board and
builders all express themselves as highly
pleased with the performance of the little
craft.
TORPEDO-BOAT BAILEY
ECLIPSES ALI, RECORDS
Little Craft Beaches a Speed of 31.25
Icarus, which has been on a cruise
through the South Sea Islands, returned
this afternoon after an absence of five
months. She called at Palmyra, Fanning,
Christmas, Oena, Tahiti (The Marquesas,
Pitcairn and other islands, both inhabited
and uninhabited, the latter being skirted
to look for wrecks, none being found how
ever.
At Tahiti the Icarus anchored along
side the French cruiser Protet, and offi
cers cf the British ship say that the
French sailormen were having a high old
time at Tahiti. There was excitement at
the French island colony over the action
of the officers of the Protet in carrving
away a number of native girls from Pa
peete on the cruiser. According to the
officers of the Icarus the cabin and ward
room of the Frerich vessel was a bcene
of scandalous behavior. Champagne
fie. wed freely and dances were held with
the mess table for a stage.
British Officers Say They Were
Startled by Proceedings on the
Trench Protet
VICTORIA. B. C, April 25.— H. M. S.
TAHITrS DUSKY BELLES
DANCE IN THE CABIN
SACRAMENTO, April 25.— The Clark
and Booth* oil land suit appears
to be dealing with pretty nearly
everything except oil, but it is
contributing a rich fund of enter
tainment to the people of this city famil
iar with local political conditions. The
interview with Mayor Clark in this morn
ing's Call, in which he spoke In bitter
terms of Colonel J. B. Wright, division
superintendent of the Southern Pacific at
this point, charging him indirectly with
part ownership In the poolrooms and sub
ornation of perjury, created almost as pro
found a sensation as the declaration of
Frank .Daroux at the trial yesterday aft
ernoon, that Mayor Clark was an owner
with him in the poolroom and had com
mitted the cardinal sin . of inflicting upon
him the double cross. ¦ •
Frank Daroux is out with a long state-
"China has wonderful mining possibili
ties. The coal fields are the richest in
the world, the only drawback being the
laclr of transportation; I will return to
China next December, as by that time
the country will be quieted down and it
will be safe to travel."
"The stories about the brutality of the
allied troops is untrue. The Russians and
possibly a few of the Indian troops might
have committed a few crimes, . but when
you- come to consider the horrible acts
of the Boxers you can hardly believe hu
man being's capable of them.
"We arrived at Nanyaiigfu one after
noon about 5 o'clock, and I decided to
enter the city. Only two of the mission
aries would go In with me, the others re
fusing on account of it beingr a walled
city. I left a bodyguard with them. Ini
the morning runners entered the city and
ir formed me that Boxers were attacking 1
the caravan outside. I came to the scene
as soon as possible and found that five
of my native servants had been killed
by the Boxers, and that the missionaries
had also received a.feood pummeling, but
that the women and children had not been
harmed. -
"On May 22 of last year," he saJd, "I
was about 300 miles from Tientsin with
my caravan prospecting for coal. Run
ners were dispatched to me from high
Chinese officials warning me to push out
further west, as it would not be safe for
me to -return. In Northern Honan 1 ran
into a crowd of missionaries who were
very much in fear of being killed. I had
plenty of money with me, and as they
had none I thought it was the best plan
for them to join my caravan, which they
did. They and their families traveled;
with me for several days.
C. D. Jameson, a mining and civil en
gineer, arrived yesterday from China on
the Nippon Maru. He has lived in and
• around Peking for the past five years and
has many thrilling tales to relate of his
escape from the hand3 of the Boxers.
C. E>. Jameson Tells His
Thrilling Experiences
During Boxer .Uprising
"There are now outstanding three Judg
ments against Alice Edith Dickason
Blythe in favor of Mrs. Moore, and Un
ruh claims title- from Mrs. Dickason
Blythe, obtained after the rendition of
those judgments. He has no earthly
chance of obtaining interest in the prop
erty situated In California or that located
in other States by virtue of this suit.
"Of course Mrs. Moore will set up these
judgments in her favor, and Seny the
plaintiff's title. It will be impossible for
the plaintiff to prove "his case as he has
stated it or otherwise, 'and hence it must
fail."
Former Attorney General William H. H.
Hart of .counsel for Florence Blythe
Hinckley Moore was most emphatic in his
construction of the suit instituted by Un
ruh. "The complaint now filed," said Mr.
Hart, "alleges that Unruh is the owner of
title to all the property Involved situate
in the State of California. On February
25, 1901, the Supreme Court of the United
States held that Judge Coffey's decision
In. favor of Mrs. Moore finally settled her
title to the estate of Thomas Blythe aa
against the whole world, and that the
case could not be reopened.
General Hart's Statement.
W. F. Baggett of counsel for Unruh
talked freely of his client's claim toe title
on the assignment of interest from Mrs.
Alice Edith Dickason Blythe. "It is an
ordinary suit to acquire title by Unruh as
successor in interest of Alice Edith Dlck
ason Blythe," said Mr. Baggett. "Unfuh
holds deeds representing her claims to in
terest in the whole of Thomas Blythe's
estate, assigned to him by E. J. 'Baldwin,
who originally obtained them from Mrs.
Blythe. We maintain the claim that Alice
Edith Dickason Blythe is the lawful wid
ow of Thomas Blythe and that Florence
Blythe Hinckley Moore is not his daugh
ter.
"The whole case will ultimately hinge on
the interpretation of Judge Coffey's orig
inal decision in the Probate Court, award
ing title to Mrs. Blythe Moore as the sole
heir to Thomas Blyth*. The main con
tention that will be set up by Unruh is
that the proceedings in the Probate Court,
a tribunal of limited jurisdiction, do not
estop him from asserting the rights as
signed to him fcy the widow.
"Unless Mrs. Blythe Moore can success
fully plead the decision rendered by the
Probate Court, which she will undoubt
edly set up in defense as a bar to the
pending suit, the complaint will be all
threshed out r.gain and carried to the
court of last resort."
| None'of the attorneys retained on either
side were in court yesterday when Judge
Hunt announced his decision overruling
the defendant's demurrer to the amended
complaint.
Attorneys Not in Court.
Several months ago Unruh filed a suit
attacking the title to all the property for
merly owned by Blythe, some of which is
situated in Arizona and some in Oregon.
On Mrs. Moore's demurrer Judge Hunt
held that the courts of this State lacked
jurisdiction- over all property located out
side of California, and tnerefore sustained
the demurrer of the defendant. Unruh
was granted leave to file an amended com
plaint, the demurrer to which was over
ruled yesterday, which action practically
reopens the question of '.title to the gore
block and to property at San Dieeo, de
clared by the highest State and Federal
courts to be vested In Florence Blythe
Hinckley Moore.
Unruh Is the agent and manager of E. J.
Baldwin's Santa Anita ranch, and bases
his suit on an assignment of interests
from Alice Edith Dickason Blythe to
Baldwin, who in turn transferred to Un
ruh all rights, title and interest In certain
deeds thus obtained.
By a decision' of - Superior Judge Hunt
yesterday overruling the demurrer of
Florence Blythe Hinckley Moore to the
complaint of Hiram A. LTnruh, who sued
for title to all the property sltuated«ln
this State belonging to the defendant, the
litigation over the millions- left by Thomas
Blythe has been reopened, and the famous
case will probably have to again run the
gamut of the courts.-
Judge Hunt's Decision Will
Reopen Fight .for
Millions.
Last Demurrer to Un
ruh's Suit for Title
Overruled.
REOPENS BLYTHE
ESTATE BATTLE
A complete turndown of all the nomi
nations sent to the Legislature by Gov
ernor Dole is threatened. The Independ
ents have been holding caucuses on the
subject and they would like to turn down
all the men the Governor named, and
who are now holders of the offices for
which the executive renomlnates them.
The Home Rulers have a list of their own
of men whom they would like to see in
office. R. N. Boyd, J. M. Poepoe and J.
K. Kaulia, Home Rule men who have
been prominent leaders of the party, are
the party caucus selections for Superin
tendent of Public Works, Attorney Gen
eral and High Sheriff respectively. It Is
thought that some at least • of the Gov
ernor's nominations will be rejected and
the clean sweep of all may carry. Under
the organic act the Governor may leave
the offices unfilled till the Legislature ad
journs and then appoint his own choices.
Wilcox told the natives that they would
have better standing in the United States
if they joined one of the American par
ties, and advised them to turn to the Re
publicans, but the bitter feeling among
natives against the "missionarv" wing of
the Republican party makes fusion doubt
ful. In the step they have taken so far
the natives have refused to drop their
name of Independent Home Rulers,- 'and
have only added Republican to that name.
The efforts to bring about more complete
amalgamation are watched with much in
terest here, and there may be mass meet-
Ings of both sides to discuss the matter.
The result of the proposal and its in
dorsement by a majority of the native
party leaders is that both the parties af
fected are- more or less split over it. The
Republican party has for some time been
divided into the elements known as mls
slor.arj>end anti-missionary, and it is
with the latter, or anti-administration
Republicans, that the Home Rulers may
combine locally. At present they have
taken action which they think unites
thorn with the national Republican party,
but not with the party organization in
Hawaii. The opposition ot the former
Queen to any plan looking to a reconcilia
tion between the natives and the old Re
publican leaders, whom she regards as
her enemies and who were annexation
leaders, is said to have had a powerful
effect in causing- the Home Rulers to care
fully turn Republican in such a way that
they would not be committed to the sup
port of the present Republican organiza
tion in Hawaii.
HONOLULU, April 19.— The proposals
vhich Delegate Wilcox brought back
from Washington that the native Home
Rule party becoma Republican has
aroused great political activity and is be
ing very much discussed in political cir
cles. It is stated that the plan was pro
posed to Wilcox by Senator Cullom, and
that the President showed interest in the
conversion of the natives of Hawaii to
Republicanism.
Suggestion of Delegate Wil
cox Causes Politicians
Worry.
Parties in Hawaii Are
Not Easily Amal
gamated.
NATIVES FEAR
FUSION PLANS
"I have no enemies to punish, no matter
what any one may have said of the ticket
of 1S3G or in 1900; that man becomes my
friend th« moment he accepts Democratic
principles. Neither have I any disposi
tion to reward political friends at the ex
pense of our cause. No matter what a
man may have done or said for the ticket
In 1E96 or In 1!*00, that man becomes an
opponent the moment he turns against
Democratic principles. Political battles
are fought not in the past or the future
but in the present. The heretofore cannot
be recalled and therafter cannot be an
ticipated, but now is all-important."
"I am not, planning for another Presi
dential noirination, for if I were I would
not be editing a paper: if I ever become a
candidate again it -will be because It seems
necessary for the advancement of the
principles to which I adhere, and that
does not now seem probable. I shall,
however, continue to take an interest in
politics for several years yet, if I live, and
can be relied upon to support those who
&s candidates advocate Democratic prin
ciples and who can be trusted to enforce
them if elected.
LINCOLN, Neb., April 25.— In a state
ment given publicity to-night W. J. Bryan
says, in effect, that he has no intention of
seeking; a third nomination for the Presi
dency. Bryan's announcement is in an
swer to an article in an Eastern paper
speculating on his future plans as a polit
ical leader. Bryan said:
Satisfied in Editing a Paper,
He Will Not Seek Politi
cal Honors.
No Intention of Seeking
Third Nomination
for President.
BRYAN SAYS
HE'S OUT OF IT
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALE, FRIDAY, APRIL 26, 1901.
More Sensational Charges and Counter Charges Are Cast
in All Directions and Promise Livelier Times Before
the End Comes of the Sacramento Oil Land Suit
"LET HIM PROVE MY STORY FALSE,"
DAROUX RESPONDS TO MAYOR CLARK
RUSSIAN TROOPS
' NOT GUILTY OF
. BRUTAL CONDUCT
9
ADVERTISEMENTS*
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Are you real certain your liver is in
good working condition ? If it isn't
you know it, the symptoms are too
positive to allow you to be deceived.
That coated tongue, yellow skin,
headache, etc., can be relieved by
It acts promptly and effectually but
gently, without a gripe or pain.
TRY IT.
A too-Page Book of Stories and fx'''^*V
Anecdotes of Abraham Lincoln free "^Wkgjs,.
with every 25-ccr.t p2ck.t£s. JP*s3s&f
ALL DRUnr-'STS. T«A»^MArtc
S?l iSSSct m. \jpf "*• wQ j^/»S ;
V2 ES^-ff »• iMJggfr^p^ THE mm m £«E }
\m. t. hess,
K0TAE7 PUBLIC AND ATTORNET-AT-LAW.
Tenth Floor, Room 1015, Claus Spreckels Bids.
-¦ - Telephone Brown 931.
Residence, £2 California st., below Powell,
San Francisco.
beer is the beer of civiliza- Rm
tion. Go to any part of the gsW
earth where mankind values r&l
purity, and you will find j|Ry
Schlitz beer is the recognized SjT|
pure beer. Lij
For fifty years the Schlitz Eeji .
agencies have followed
white men's conquests. W%
They are twenty years old Ftj
in South Africa. jpSaj
Schlitz beer was famous in fe^
Siberia before a railroad was gF"J
thought of. pfO
When Japan and China P0&
first began to awake, Schlitz |y?|
beer was advertised in their' *j$M
newspapers. RuB
Almost as soon as Dewey br*|j*
captured Manila 216 car- • BqSj
loads of Schlitz were sent Jpa
there. .* K)J
Today Schlitz agencies so |g^j
dot the globe that when ft is W&i
midnight at one it is noon- gSjl
day at another. gfjl
The quality by which E£
Schlitz beer has won distinc- pgii
tion has been its absolute «|i
purity. Every physician the Wft
world over will recommend XjL •
Schlitz, the beer that made k£|
Milwaukee famous. Rr"
'Phone Main 447, Sherwood & Sher- f§*
wood, 212 Market St., San Francisco OR-P
The Beer o!
Civilization
World Famous Mariani Tonic
DOCTORS' OPINIONS t
"Aids digestion and assimilation, re-
jnoves fatigue and Improves the appetite."
"Sustains life for a long: period and
nourishes without any other food or
drink."
All Druggists. Refuse Substitutes.
DR.MEYERS&CO. 0B\
Specialists. IDIs- i
ease and Weakness #3$» .^
of men. Eatab- fi^tt
Hshedl881. Consul- tytff fBFypf
tation and private vw/, I /«A
book free, at ofHce n5»a4 <«Pg-
or by mail. Cures "v7i3 1 \^Jr^ f !f^
guaranteed. 731 *&"faffiS&
Market street (ale- JL^*£w$>"5*y
v a t o r entrance). >e5V fi v&?*^?V
San Francisco. ¦*££sir§£fm-'(s£££S&
BDiMEItCE'S
§U#^ FAVORITE
ML FOB WEAK WOftflEM. j
DR. GROSSMAN'S SPECIFIC MIXTURE.
For the cure of GONORRHEA, GLEETS,
STRICTURES and analogous complaints of tha
Organs of Generation.
Price ?1 a bottle. For sale by druggists.CHICAGO. April 25.— The basic strength/ of
the Corn market. Independent of the manip
ulation - which has made speculation in the
May delivery a nerve-racking proposition, was
shown by the yellow cereal during to-day's
session of the Board of Trade. . Phillips, cred
ited with attempting to run a corner, sold at
least 2,000,000 bushels of May corn, and in doing
so showed how firm was his hold on the mar
ket. Although fluctuations were violent, the
close found May at 4Sc, the price at which
the bull leader had admitted his willingness
to sell. Meanwhile he bought as much July
as he had sold of the nearer future. The
market for May opened Me lower to *4c higher
at 47%@48%c. A .big ¦ elevator house, through
its representative, offered Phillips 48c for 80y,
000 bushels of May and got it. Otner shorts
in wild alarm tried to cover and . sent the
market ¦ to 49e, the highest price of the crop
for this delivery, in a few minutes.' Phillips
sold at the top and all the way down to 4So.
At this price his realizing stopped. He left
Chicago Grain Market.
1 CALL "BOARD SALES. .
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— May— 4000 ctls.
WHEAT— Liverpool -and Paris were both
higher, j Cables from Germany were bullish, re
porting : serious . damage " to the ~ crop by bad
weather.
Chicago was firm at ,an advance, and the
bears were timid. The bullish cables from
Germany brought in buying ; orders, and the
commission men and , others purchased freely.
Bad reports from California and Indefinite re
ports of , damage : In the Southwest gave the
market a strong tone and made the shorts anx
ious. The Cincinnati Price Current gave the
condition of winter wheat as good.' . ¦
This . market was firm, but unchanged. - ' /
Spot ' Wheat— Shipping. $1 02%@l 03%; milling,
$1 Co@l 07%. per ctl.:
Wheat and Other Grains.
The Doric took out a treasure list of $194,
242, consisting of $4522 in, Mexican dollars, ' $1120
in goid coin, $186,600 in silver bullion and $2000
in Chilean silver.
Sterl ing . Exchange, 60 day s ...... — $4 E5%
Sterling Exchange, sight '.••• — * 88^4,
Sterling Cables — 4 89%
New York Exchange, sight....... — ¦ 12%
New. York Exchange, telegraphic — ¦ 15
Silver, per ounce — 59%
Mexican Dollars, nominal........' 49% @ B0
Exchange and Bullion.
sentiment. There wat> little effect on Barling
ton itself, which movrd narrowly by compari
son with other stocks, but was very firm ail
day. Considering the long continued and large
Rdvance which the stock has had Finc-e this
transaction first began to be discussed and Its
widespread influence In causing other advances
NEW YORK. April 20.— Speculative sentiment
*!;owed a decided improvement to-day \-er that
which prevailed yesterday, although the move
ment of prices continued very irregular and
at times erratic. The heavy speculative liqui
dation which was accompjished yesterday and
on previous days of the week, relieving the
••ver-congefted condition of the epeculative
holdings, doubtless had a great deal to do
with the better tone of the market. The sus
tained strength of Union Pacific, even after
yesterday's remarkable spurt and a disposition
to take more account of the many rumors of
actual developments concerning the property,
relieved the feeling A uneasiness over yes
terday's extraordinary transactions in that
nock which in themselves led to some liqui
dation owing to the suspicion aroused that they
were designed to cover heavy profit-taking In
other quarters of the litt. There were further
developments of strngtii to-day 'as a supple
ment t<> the l"nion Pacific movement and the
strength of the mark-.-t was more generally
<llflLU5*-d than at any previous time this week.
IT.? manner in which the market received the
formal announcement of the terms of the Bur
lington merger had an encouraging effect on
New York Stock Market.
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK. April 23.— The market for evap
orated apples ruled rather quiet all day but
steady at unchanged prices. State common 3
@4c; prime, 4%<8*%c; choice, 5@5%c; fancy
6@6%c. ,
California dried fruits were without change
and nominally steady.
PRUNES— 3&@7c per pound, as to size and
quality. ; ¦
APRICOTS— Royal, 7%@12c; Moorpark. 8%@
PEACHES— Peeled, 12%@20c; unpeeled, 6%@
DRIED FRUITS.
NEW YORK. April 25.-FLOUR-Recelpts.
10.355 barrels; exports. 4035 barrels. Firm and
a shade high. Winter straights, $3 50@3 55
WHEAT-Recelpts, 13,300 bushels; exports,
193,000 bushels. Spot, firm; No. 2 red, 83%c f. o.
b. afloat; No. 2 red, 80%c elevator; No. 1 North
ern Duluth. 88%c f. o. b. afloat; No. 1 hard Du
luth, 92c f. o. b. afloat. Options were active
and strong most of the day on unfavorable crop
reports from Kansas, Missouri and California
active covering, strength in the Southwest and
higher French cables. They eased 'off a little
under realizing and closed steady to firm at
U®%c net advance. May, 79%@80%c. closed
!&€$&. Iffi 77^ Cl0SCd 78HC: S^ember.
HOPS— Quiet.
HIDES— Firm.
WOOL— Dull. .
COFFEE— Spot Rio, quiet; No. 7 Invoice 6V4c
mild dull, Cordova. 8%@12%c. Futures closed
steady, with prices net 10@15 points higher To
tar sales were 65,000 bags, including: May
5.05@5.15c; July, 5.30@5.35c; September, 5.35c'
October. 6.60c; November, 5.55c; December'
5. 65(3 5. 70c; January, 5.75@5.80c; March 5 90c '
SUGAR— Raw, firm; fair refining, 3 ii-ific
centrifugal, 96 test, 4 3-l6@4iic. Molasses su
gar, 3 7-16@3%c. Refined, firm. ' —
Eggs— Receipts, 18,240 packages. Steady-
Western regular packed, 14c; storage Western'
14U©14%c. ebiern.
{New York Grain and Produce.
There has been a marked change in the
pressure conditlone over the country west of
the Rocky Mountains during the past twenty
four hours. While rain is not yet likely to
occur over Central and Northern California
conditions over the southwestern portion of
the country are making tor rain, and it is
likely that the dry period will be broken in
California within two or three days.
The pressure has falien rapidly during the
past twelve hours over Utah and Nevada.
High winds are reported at nearly all stations.
The temperature has fallen from 8 to 14 de
grees over Northeastern California, Northern
Nevada. Oregon and Western Idaho.
* The following maximum wind velocities are
reported: San Francirco, 26 miles per hour,
from the west: Point Reyes. 60, from the north
west; Mount TamalpaJb, 60, from the north
west; Sacramento. 28, from the southwest.
I Forecast made at Ban Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight. • April 26, 190L
Northern California— Fair Friday, threatening
at night: freeh northwest winds, changing to
southwest.
Southern California— Cloudy and unsettled
weather Friday, probably light showers in the
mountains; fresh southwest winds.
Nevada— Cloudy and threatening Friday,
probably light rain in extreme northern part;
high southwest winds. -
Utah— Cloudy and threatening Friday, prob
ably light rain; much cool?r Friday night;
brisk to high southerly winds.
Arizona— Cloudy Friday; brisk southerly
winds.
San Francisco and vicinity— Fair Friday,
changing to cloudy at right; brisk northwest
winds, changing to southerly.
* ALEXANDER G. McADIE,
Forecast Official.
m - \
San Francisco data— Maximum temperature,
£5; minimum, 45; mean, 50.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND ' GENERAL
. ,: FORECAST.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bld.Ask. Bid.Ask
Is coupon 113%113% is coup (new).139%140U
4s registered.. ,113%113% Js quar 'coup. .111 —
MISCEU^ANEOUS BONDS.
Bay C P C 5s. 103% — Oak W Co 5s.. 103
Cal-st Cab 5s.. 117 — Oceanic S3 6sTlO4
C C Water 6s.H0 — Om C R 6s....l2« —
E L & P 6s...l2S%133% Pac G Imp 4s. - —
F & Cl Ry 6s.. 115 — Pk & Cl R 6s.lO5 —
Geary-st R is. — -• — " Pk & O R 6s.. 117 —
Haw C 5%s...lO6>£ — Powell-st R 6s. 120
Haw C 5s 102% — S E G & R 5s. — 100
L A R R 5s.. — — S F &SJV 5s.H9% —
L A L Co 6s.. — 102 S R of Cal 6s.U0 —
Do gntd 6s.. — 104 S P of A 6s
Do cntd 5s. .100 100% (1909) 113 —
L A P R p. 5s.lO2% — Do (1910) 114 —
Do 1st C 5s.. 101 — S P C £s (1905.
Market-st C 6s — 127'i Series A). .. .106^4 —
. Do lst C 5s.. — 123 Do(Serles B).107»i —
N C N G R 7s — 113% Do (1906) ....110 —
N R of Cal 6s. — 115 Do (1912) —
N R of Cal 58.119 — Do lst gs os.106% —
N P R R 6s. .102% — SPBrR 6S...133 —
N P R R cs..l08%109 5 V Water 6s.ll3»4113%
N Cal R 5s....lll>4 — Do 4s — 103%
O G L & H 5s. 110% — Do 3d mtg..l02% —
Oak Tr Co 6a. llf. — Stkn G & E 6s. 100 —
WATER STOCKS.'
'Contra Costa.. 73 75% {Spring Valley. — 89%
Marin County. 53% — | .
GAS AND ELECTRIC STOCKS.
Cent L & P... 3 — Pac Lt Co 42% 43%
Equit Gas .... 3*4 3% Sac E G & R. — —
Mut El Lt.... 3% — S F G & E.. 39% 39%
O G L & H.. 50 51 San Francisco. 4% 4%
Pac Gas Imp. 35 — Stktn G & E. 7% —
INSURANCE STOCKS. -
Firem's Fund. 235 24c | -'..".•
BANK STOCKS.
Ang:lo-Cal .... 72%— Lcn P & A...147 - :?',
Bank of Cal.. 405% — Mer Ex (llq). 18 —
Cal Safe Dep.105% — S F National. — 125
lst N of S F.310 315 . •
SAVINGS BANKS.
German 1830 1900 Sav & Loan... — '— ''-
Humboldt ....— — Security 275 —
Mutual 50 — Union Trust... — • —
S F Sav U..-..515 — . " "V •
STREET RAILROAD STOCKS.
Callfornia-st... — 140 fO S L & H... 40 7 i-'
Geary-st 47%— Presidio 22 30
Market-st 70% 71% |
POWDER STOCKS.
Vigorlt '. 2% 2%1.Glant Con Co. 75 77
SUGAR STOCKS.
Hana Plan.... 7^4 7% Kilauea 20% —
Haw Com 55 — Makawell 40T4 41
Honokaa 31 Sltf Onomea 27% 29
Batch S P.... 20% — Paauhau 30% 31
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Alaska Pack.. 130 131 Oceanic SS Co 46 43%
Cal Fruit Can 94 S8 Pac A F A... 2 —
Cal Wine Asn.100 — Pac C Bor Co. — —
Mer . Ex - Assn.110 — Par Paint Co. 16 —
Morning Session.
Board—
5 Alaska Packers' Association 131 50
' 30 Alaska Packers' Association 131 23
240 Honokaa S Co 3100
83 Makawell 4100
$5,000 Oceanic S S bonds 104 00
10 San Francisco Gas & Electric Co 41 50
125 Saif Francisco Gas & Electric Co...* 41 00
25 San Francisco Gas & Electric Co.... 40 50
THURSDAY. April 25—2 p. m.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
Gas and Electric was the active stock on the
morning session of the Bond Exchange, de
clining from $42 to $39 75. Alaska Packets'
also sold oft to $131 23. -
In the afternoon Alaska Packers' declined
still further to $130 50 and Gas and Electric
to $39, recoverlns to JS9 50.
' There was nothing new In the oil stocks.
The Challenge Con. Mining Company has
levied an assessment of 5c.
CHICAGO, April 25.— CATTLE— Receipts,
9000, including 200 Texans. Steers, steady to
strong. Butchers' stock, steady except can
ners. Good to prime steers, $5@6; poor to
medium, . $3 90JJ4 05; stockers and feeders,
strong to 10c higher. $2 7o@4 90; cows, $2 75®
4 60; hetfera, $2 75@4 85; canners. $2@2 65; bulls,
firm, $2 85@4 45; calves, $4@5 25; Texas i feed
ers, $4 2.V«5 25; Texas grass steers, $3 50@4;
Texas bulls, $2 75@3 90.
HOGS— Receipts to-day, 24,000; to-morrow,
16,000 estimated; left over, 3500. Opened Irreg
ular, closed weak, top. $6 12%. Mixed and
butchers', $5 75@6 05; good to choice heavy,
$5S5@6 12%; rough heavy, $5 70@5 80; light,
$5 70®6; bulk of sales, $3 90@6.02%.
SHEEP— Receipts. . 12,000. Weak;' lambs,
steady for woolen. Clipped, slow. Good to
choice wethers, $4 60@4 80; fair to choice
mixed, $4 30@4 60; Western sheep. $4 60@4 80;
Texas Rheep, yearlings. $4 65@4 80; native
lambs. $4 50@5 30; Western lambs, $4 75@5 30.
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND,. April 25.— Clearings, . $316,11S;
balances, $54,093.
- ¦
Northern Wheat Market.
vi ASHINGTON.
TACOMA, April 25.— Wheat— Bluestem, 60c;
Club, 58c. -
• OREGON. .
PORTLAND, Or., April 25.— Wheat— Walla
Walla quoted at 59@59%c. ' ' t
Foreign Markets.
• LONDON. April 23.— Consols, 94 3-16. Silver,
27%d. Cargoes on passage, quiet and stea.dy;
cargoes No. 1 Standard California, 20s 3d; car
goes Walla Walla, 29s 3d.'
LIVERPOOL, April 25.— WHEAT— Quiet; 'No.
1 Standard California. 6s.'2d; wheat in Paris,
steady; flour In Paris, steady; French country
markets, firm. ¦
COTTON— Uplands, 4 21-32d.
CLOSING.
LIVERPOOL. April '25. —WHEAT — Spot,
steady; No. 2 red Western winter, 5s 10%d; No.
1 Northern spring, 6s Id: No. 1 California, 6s
2d. Futures— Steady; May, 5s lOd; July, 5s
10%d. •
CORN— Spot firm; American mixed new, 4s
6%d; do old, 4s 5d. Futures— Firm ;. May, 4s
2%d; July, 4s %d; September, 4d. .
: =1 - .": :¦ ' . — • »
Chicago Livestock Market.
New York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK, April 25.— Cotton closed steady,
with prices 2 points lower to 5 points higher.
- Trading in lead was very slow and prices
remained unchanged at $4 37%. London prices
were also without change, being quoted at
£12 5s. Spelter ruled tolerably steady at yes
terday's figures at $4@4 05, with prices abroad
showing a decline of 2s 6d to £17. Domestic
iron markets were quiet and easy at $3 50@
10 50 for plgiron warrants. Northern foundry,
$15 2V<?16 50; Southern foundry, $14@15 50, and
soft Southern, $13©15 50. Glasgow warrants,
55s Id and Mlddlesboro, 46s 3d.
NEW YORK. April 25.— The market for tin
In London advanced slightly on a little cover
ing I 'it was not by any means active. The close
was quiet at £117 17s 6d for spot and £115 7s
6d. denoting a rise of 12s 6d over yesterday's
close. Locally a sympathetic rise took place
without stimulating any outside inquiry, and
the market was quiet at $26@26 25. There was
a slight reaction In copper at London under
liquidation, and a lack of support, prices fall-
Ing off 10s, to £70 2s 6d for spot and £70 13s 9d
for futures. A steady feeling prevailed here
but prices were nominally unchanged at $17
for lake and $16 62% for casting.
PARJS.
Wheat— April. May-Aug.
Opening 18 75 19 45
Closing 18 85 . 19 40
Flour—
Opening 23 65 24 45
Closing 23 75 24 35
New York Metal Market.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— May. July.
Opening 5 10 6 10%
Closing 5 10 5 10%
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was steady; creameries, 15@19c; dairy,
ll«M8c. Cheese, 9%@llc. Eggs, -firm; fresh,
12@12%c
SAN FRANCISCO, April 25-5 p. m.
4 The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of the came
date laet season, and rainfall in the last twen
ty-four hours:
(120th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
Weather Report.
The New York circular of Henry Clews says:
"Thf buoyant movement continues and there
seems to be no limit in sight to the extremes
to which epeculative tendencies may carry
prices. The market has passed beyond the
control of cold, ca';ulatlng reason and seems
to be careering along at an intoxicating gait
¦which promises to last until accident or sheer
exhaustion brings the public to its senses.
Conditions are certainly favorable to a period
of excessive speculation and this fact must
be admitted irrespective of the of
ordinary prudence. With prosperity general;
with money plentiful at reasonable rates; with
the Epeculative temper ct high pitch, and with
larger aggregations of capital than ever be
fore known working with all the irresistible
power of a tremendous force, it is not sur
prising that values are made to soar upward.
Nothing is more contagious, once it is fairly
developed, than the fever of speculation; and,
like fevers of other sorts, it must run Its
rourse. At the present cime much of the buy-
Ing is based upon the belief that the big cap
italists and syndicates are obliged to support
the market rather than allow the various deals
¦which they have in contemplation to collapse.
Let one or two weak spots of Importance de
velop; let one or two important deals fall
through, and the whole bull movement would
be checked, and the results of a stiff reaction
Just now would be disastrous. Fortunately no
weak spots of consequence are at present to
be detected. There are no signs yet that specu
lation has been carried to a dangerous excess,
or that financial resources have yet been weak
ened. If speculation has- surpassed the record
it must be remembered that it is simply keep
ing step with record-breaking times and that
in the large majority of instances the ad
vamces in stocks have been Justified by their
increased earning powers and the abundance
of money."
Speculation in Wall Street.
Imports of specie at thi6 port during the
flret three months of the year were $4,839,795,
against J746.2S0 for the same time in 1900, the
descriptions being as follows: Gold bullion,
$2,864,560; cold coin. J1.2S3.255; silver bullion.
$535,467; silver coin. S56.C13. The leading sources
were: Mexico. $857,373; Australia, $1,437,416;
Japan. $2,321,500.
Imports of Specie.
Import* of merchandise at this port durinp
the first quarter of the year were $9,050,000.
against $11,152,750 for the same quarter in 1900.
the leading sources being as follows: Japan.
$2.8:5,600; China, JL672 125; Central America,
$1.0S6,2S0; Great Britain. $547,530; British Colum
bia. $636,070; France. JCTS.WO; Germany. $272,
teo.
Imports of Merchandise.
"n practically the whole market the firmness
•t the stock at the highest level In Us history
ivas surprising. One of the favorite maxims
with Wall street traders is to sell on good
news. Burlington's quiet firmness on the con
firmation of Its cood news argued small hold
ings of a purely speculative character await
ing realization. The sentimental effect was
very marked, owing -to the warnings which
have been coming from Influential commission
houses for some time past that over speculation
threatened the stability of the position In the
Etock. market- For che first time, this week
the bears refrained from their final attack on
the market and there was not the flood of
realizing orders which have been a feature
of the last hour of each previous day this
week. The fact that the buying demand was
considerably relaxed did not seem to encourage
the bears to any aggressive efforts, although
there was -a distinct ebb of prices in the final
hour on profit-taking for the day and final
prices were considerably below the best ex
cept in a few cases. The most conspicuous
movements of the day were distinctly the out
growth of the current conviction that the per
fecting of the Burlington deal will be followed
by similar arrangements on the part of other
railroad systems as an offset. The grangers,
Pacifies and Southwesterns therefore played a
prominent part in the trading. The marked
strength of some of the Eastern trunk lines !
was supposed to be associated with the move
ment of the Western lines. Thus the stock
market gossip attributes the large buying of
Atchison to a design on the part of the Penn
sylvania to control a Pacific outlet. Baltimore
and Ohio, as a subsidiary company, was even
more acutely affected than Pennsylvania. The
rise in Atchison extended to 4%, in the pre
ferred to 3, in Baltimore and Ohio 5% and- in
Pennsylvania to 2%. The advance in Northern
Pacific was resumed after a lengthy period of
comparative quiet, apparently on the theory
that it was entitled to rise with Union Pa
cific. Union Pacific itself was at one time 2%
over last night and twice receded below last
night, closing with a net gain of only a
fraction. The strength of Southern Pacific
was due to the supposition that it will share
In any advantages which accrue to Union Pa
cific. The official denials which were given
out of many rumors of yesterday and to-day
were without the slightest effect on the mar
ket. Special strength was shown by the Chi
cago Terminal Transfer and Colorado Fuel
stocks at advances of 3% to 5% without news
to explain it. Smelting broke 4% on the an
nouncement of another injunction against the
stock issue proposed to take up the Guggen
heim interests. The stock rallied 2%. The
ease of call money precluded any anxiety over
the money market.
The large buying of Union Pacific convertible
bonds continued and the market generally was
strong. Total sales, oar value, $7,050,000.
United States refunding 2s declined % and
the 3s (registered) V*. per cent on the last call.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Shares Closing
Sold. Stocks— Bid.
151,100 Atchison 70%
118,700 Atchison prefd 98%
64,100 Baltimore & Ohio 101% !
600 Canadian Pacific 95\ j
2,200 Canada Southern 74U
3,600 Chesapeake &'Ohio 47$T
17.000 Chicago Great Western 24
28,400 Chicago Burlington & Qulncy 196%
2,300 Chicago IndTanapolis & Louisville. 36
200 Chicago Indianapolis & Louis pfd.. 71
6,000 Chicago & Eastern Illinois ...129%
1,900 Chicago & Northwestern 205%
CO.GOO Chicago Rock Island & Pacific 155
1,200 C C C & St Louis 84%
3,000 Colorado Southern 13%
1.200 Colorado Southern lst prefd 60%
100 Colorado Southern 2d prefd 22%
• 2,700 Delaware & Hudson 177
100 Delaware Lackawanna & 'Western.. 215Vi
200 Denver & Rio Grande 44%
1,300 Denver & Rio Grande prefd 95
68,300 Erie 38%
8.400 Erie 1st prefd 69V>
9,700 Great Northern prefd 182%
1,200 Hocking Coal is%
200 Hocking Valley BiVi
7,900 Illinois Central 141%
700 Iowa Central 30V. I
600 Iowa Central prefd 59 "
1.200 Lake Erie & Western G4«4
¦ 100 Lake Erie & Western prefd 125
Lake Shore 230
18,200 Louisville .& Nashville 105V4
9.100 Manhattan L ".., 128
8,000 Metropolitan Street Railway 172*4
200 Mexican Central 22%
200 Minneapolis & St Louis... 83%
Minneapolis & St Louis prefd 112
5L400 Missouri Pacific 107%
100 Mobile & Ohio 81%
10.400 Missouri Kansas & Texas 31V4
11,200 Missouri Kansas' & Texas prefd 63%
300 New Jersey Central 157
14,800 New York Central 152%
3,300 Norfolk & Western 53V4
..' Norfolk & Western prefd .-»,... 86%
83,400 Northern Pacific 105%
6.100 Northern Pacific prefd 99
5,800 Ontario & Western 34%
Oregon Railway & Navigation 43
Oregon Railway & Navigation pfd. 76
39.500 Pennsylvania 160%
3,400 Reading ." 37%
7,900 Reading 1st prefd 75%
5,500 Reading 2d prefd £3
Rio Grande Western 79
Rio Grande Western prefd 100
3.900 St Louis & San Francisco 46
St Louis & San Francisco lst pfd. 84%
500 St Louis & San Francisco 2d pfd.. 68
1,200 St Louis Southwestern 37%
2,430 St Louis Southwestern pfd 64%
112,300 St Paul 163%
1.200 St Paul nrefd 190 •
St Paul & Omaha 139
324,600 Southern Pacific 53%
8.000 Southern Railway 29%
5.000 Southern Railway prefd S3
22.600 Texas & Pacific '. : 47%
367,600 Union Pacific .'. 167%
49,500 Union Pacific prefd 91
3.600 Wabash 20%
10,300 Wabash prefd 40
200 Wheeling & Lake Erie 18%
Wheeling and Lake Erie 2d prefd.. 34%
17.100 - Wisconsin Central *2%
700 Third Avenue 125
6,500 Baltimore & Ohio prefd 91%
National Tube 66%
National Tube prefd 11s
Express Companies —
Adams 165
American 196
200 United States 89%
Wells Fargo .148 '
Miscellaneous—
200 American Cotton Oil : 27%
American Cotton Oil prefd 86
200 American Malting 5
100 American Malting prefd 24%
49,500 American Smelting & Ref 7.. GOV2
2,200 American Smelting & Ref prefd 97%
American Spirits .'.-. 2%
American Spirits pre£d^»... ......... 17
American Steel Hoop 46^
... American Steel Hoop prefd 95 *
American Steel & Wire .......... 47%
American Steel & Wire prefd ...110%
American Tin Plate.: 76
'. American Tin Plate prefd. 117
7.500 American Tobacco 126%
American Tobacco prefd..:.. 144
6,300 Anaconda Mining Co 49
25.0G0 Brooklyn Rapid Transit 85%
8.100 Colorado Fuel & Iron 98
5,000 Continental Tobacco 44%
1.200 Continental Tobacco prefd 104
Federal Steel 5314
Federal Steel prefd 103%
200 General Electric : 22V>
3C0 Glucose Sugar 61>i
Glucose Sugar prefd 97 "
SOO International Paper '.. 25
1.200 International Paper prefd 76%
SCO Laclede Gas 84 ¦
1,000 Nafonal Biscuit 40%
National Biscuit prefd ;....'... 96 '
100 National Lead .; 17
W0 National Lead prefd.. 85
National Steel ; 56%
National Steel prefd .........m'
400 New York Air Brake ...164
7C0 North American ..' 85%
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
steady; No. 3 spring wheat, 71»i@72%c; No. 2
red, 72%@75c; No. 2 corn, 47%c; No. 2 yellow.
47%c; No. 2 oats, 27%c: No. 2 white, 28%@29%c;
No. 8 white, 28(f29c; No. 2 rye, 53c; good feed
ing barley. 45c; fair to choice malting. 52@56c;
No. 1 flaxseed. $1 61; No. 1 Northwestern, $1 62;
prime timothy seed, $3 80; mess pork, per bbl,
$14 45@14 50; lard, per 100 ! lbs, • $8 27%@8 30:
short ribs sides (loose), $8 1008 30; dry salted
shoulders (boxed), 6Ts@7%c; short clear sides
(boxed), $8 37%@8 BO; whisky, basis of ' high
wirtes, ¦ $1 27: . clover, contract, grade, $11. • .
Articles — * ' , Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels : 53,000 21.000
Wheat, bushels ........121,000 ' 203,000
Corn, bushels 113.000 - 313.000
Oats, bushels. .......229,000 B24.000
Rye. bushels .' ." 110.000 - 4.000
Barley, bushels 9,000 B.000
Mornlns Session.
Board—
2000 CaMfornia-Standard 40
6 Hanford 95 Ort
2 Hanford 56 00
150 Home 3 4."
52 Home 3 40
50 Home 3 35
50 Kern < 87H
20 Kern River 13 00
700 Lion 17
450 Monarch of Arizona 54
300 Monarch of Arizona, s 30 53
100 Peerless, b 60 8 3T14
263 Petroleum Center 14
200 Superior 23
Street—
300 Sterling 2 00
600 Occidental of West Virginia ; 5S
100 Tventy-eight , 1 3T,
100 West Shore 2 60
10O Home 3 50
100 Peerless 8 CO
100 Peerless, b 60 8 50
Afternoon Session.
Board —
130 Blue Goose .„ 2 CO
1W0 California-Standard 39
1000 California-Standard S3
100 California-Standard • M
3 Hanford 97 00
100 Home 3 30
30 Hanford — ...... 3 35
125 Kern 6 87%
10CO Lion 16
300 Monarch of Arizona, b 60 53
100 Monarch of Arizona, b 60 54
100 Monarch of Arizona, b 60 S3
400 Occidental of "West Virginia 69
100 Reed Crude 49
8000 Reed Crude 47
100 Rex 33
150 Twenty-eight 1 37%
Street — - ¦ " ¦
1 Hanford 36 00
SAN FRANCISCO OIL EXCHANGE.
Morninz Session.
Board —
200 Monarch of Arizona 84
400 Petroleum Center 14
40 San Joaquln O & D Co 9 87%
Afternoon Session.
Board—
800 California-Standard 39
3 Hanford <« 00
60 Home Oil. s 30 3 35
f.O Home Oil. ¦ 30 3 30
750 Home Oil 3 35
500 Independence, b 60 19
200 Lion IS
50 Peerless _;,. 8 12%,
100 West Shore , 2 80
MINING STOCKa
Following were the sales In tha San 'Fran
cisco Stock and exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
300 Belcher 12 600 Ophlr ICO
700 Best & Belcher li 100 Overman 17
150 Challenge 10 500 Potosl 09
800 Con Cal & Va..2 30 300 Savage M
20O Gould & Curry- 16 200 Utah 02
200 Justice 07 100 Yellow Jacket.. 13
700 Mexican 31
Afternoon Session.
300 Belcher 12 100 Justice ..._„.. 09
600 Best & Belcher 16 70O Mexican 39
200 Caledonia 65 350 Ophlr a 1 00
3C0CholIar 09 200 Ophlr .'. 105
700 Con Cal & Va.. 2 35 2C0 Overman „ 19
£0 Confidence 55 100 Sierra Nevada. 25
50 Confidence 57 100 Silver Hill 35
300 Crown Point... 13 200 Utah 03
400 Gould & Curry. 16 100 Yellow Jacket.. U
100 Hale & Norcrs. 24
Following were the sales la the Pacific Stock
exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
300 Belcher 14 400 Gould & Curry. 15
3C0 Belcher 13 500 Gould & Curry. 18
200 Best & Belcher 16 300 Mexican 33
700 Best & Belcher 15 600 Mexican 32
50 Caledonia 65 SCO Mexican 31
300 Challenge Con.. 10 350 Ophlr 1 02%
800 Con Cal & V...2 30 800 Savage 03
400 Con Cal & V.2 32% 900 Silver Hill 35
200 Crown Point,.. 14 20O Silver Hill 34
500 Crown Point... 15' 600 Yellow Jacket.. 13
Afternoon Session.
430 Con Cal & V.2 32% 200 Lady Wash..... 03
950 Con Cal & V... 2 35 250 Ophir 1 02%
200 Con Cal & V.2 37% 250 Ophlr 1 0O
200 Crown Point... 15 300 Overman 17
200 Hale & Norcrs. 23 2C0 Sierra Nevada. 23
200 Julia 03 200 Silver Hill 34
200 Kentuck 03
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
THURSDAY, April 23—4 p. m.
Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask.
Alpha 02 03 Justice 0« 0?
Alta 04 06 Kentuck 01 03
Andes 05 OH Lady Wash 01 03
Belcher ........ 11 12. Mexican 33 34
Best & Belcher 15 16 Occidental 03 04
Bullion ......... 03 01 Ophlr 100 105
Caledonia 63 6& Overman 16 ' 18
Challenge Con.. 10 l^Potost 09 10
Chollar 09 10 Savage 03 ID
Confidence 55 57 Scorpion .v — 04
Con Cal Sc Va..2 35 2 40.Seg Belcher.... 03 01
Con Imperial... — 01 Sierra Nevada. 24 23
Con New York. — 01 Silver Hill 34 35
Crown Point... 12 14 St Louis 08 —
Eureka Con.... W — |Standard .3 85 3 95
Exchequer — 01 Syndicate — C5
Gould & Curry.- 18 17iVnlon Con 12 14
Hale & Norcrs. 23 24 Utah 02 03
Julia — CSiYellow Jacket.. 12 13
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
180 San Francisco Gas & Electric Co.... 49 00
60 San Francisco Gas & Electric Co.... 40 12*4
20 San Fran Gas & Electric Co. s 90.... 39 75
30 San Francisco Gas & Electric Co.... 39 75
10 San Francisco Gas & Electric Co.... » 87>4
10 Spring Valley Water 83 «£{
Afternoon Session.
Board —
70 Alaska Packers' Association 131 09
25 Alaska Packers' Association ISO 60
123 Honokaa 31 12f4
15 Market Street Railway 7100
$1000 Oceanic S S bonds 104 0A
100 Paauhau S P Co 30 7*
70 Pacific Gas Imp 36 00
20 Pacific Gas Imp 38 23
145 San Francisco Gas & Electric Co.... 39 50
265 San Francisco Gas & Electric Co.... S3 23
3 San Francisco Gas & Elec trio Co.... 39 00
150 San Francisco Gas & Electric Co.... 39 37%,
100 San Fran Gas &- Electric Co, a 90.. 39 50
10 Spring Valley Water 89 25
Street—
60 Hutchinson S P Co 20 59
70 Paauhau S P Co 30 75
$S00O S P of A bonds (1909) 113 25
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
«SK:£££# 72 73% T» 72H
July ...-. 72% 73% 72!4 73
- Corn No. 2—
April ' .... ' ' 47%
May 48% 49 47U, 48
July ¦. .45% 45% 44% 45
mS 1 ?..^?:..!".!.. 26% 27 26*4 26%
July 25% 25% 25% 25%
Mess Pork, per bbl —
May 14 37% 14 62% 14 87% 14 45
July 14 C2% 14 70 14 62% 14 67%
Lard, per 100 lbs— -' .. .
May. ....;.. 822% 822% 820 820
July... 8 05 8 12% 8 05 '8 07%
September 8 07% 8 12% 8 05 8 07%
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs— ¦ .- i " '
May 8 22% • 8 25 , 8 22% 8 25
July 7 95 8 02% 7 95 ' 8 00
September .......'.. 7 90 7 97% 7 90 7 95 .
Shipment of $194,242 to China.
Silver and ExcJiange unchanged.
Wheat and Barley rule firm under tJie dry weather.
Oats strong, Corn scarce and high and Rye dull. I .
New Alfalfa Hay appeared. Bran and Rolled Barley firm.
Pink Beans in demand for shipment. Whites firm.
Potatoes still higher and Onions steady.
Tomatoes weak under liberal receipts from Mexico.
Poultry market well stocked and dull.
Butter in liberal supply and easy. Cheese steady.
Eggs weak, with accumulating stocks.
(Cherries slow of sale owing to the cold weather.
Eight cars of Oranges announced for to-day's auction.
Base price for Prunes put back to 3c.
Drj,ed Apples, Apricots and Peaches firm.
Provisions firmly held, but quiet.
No change in the Meat market.
Moderate transactions on the local stock, exchanges.
Pig Tin lower.
Increased imports of specie.
WASHINGTON, April 25.— To-day's statement
of the treasury balances in the general fund,
exclusive of the $150,000,000 gold reserve in the
division of redemption, shows: Available cash
balance, 1154,131,024; gold, $94,399,000.
Condition of the Treasury.
NEW YORK, April 25.— Money on call, steady
at 3@>4 per cent; last loan, 3 per cent; ruling
rate, 4 per cent. Prime mercantile paper' 4@JU
per cent. Sterling exchange, firm, with actual
business in bankers' bills at (4 88% for demand
and $4 85@4 85% for sixty • days. Posted rates
$4 85%@4 86 and $4 89. 1 Commercial bills $4 84>i
&* 84%. Silver certificates, . Bar' sliver
59%c. Mexican dollars, 48%c. Bonds— Governl
ment, weak; State, weak; railroad, strong
New York Money Market.
LONDON. April 25.— Atchison. 72%; Canadian
Pacific. 96%; Union Pacific preferred 92%-
Northern Pacific preferred, 101%; Grand Trunk
9%; Anaconda, 10% United States Steel, 47;
do preferred. 97. Bar silver, steady, 27^-d per
ounce. Money, 3@3% per cent. .
CLOSING.
The stock market here was active and cheer
ful to-day. The chief feature was the amazing
continuance of the strength and . activity of
American shares'. Union Pacifies were bought
from the start. London is beginning, to calcu
late that the Increased earnings on this road
mean a nine per cent dividend distributable on
the common stock. Calls for the end of June
at 110 are being bought at $10. The'Atchisons
also are buoyant and were helped by a tip that
those who have manipulated the rise In Union
Pacifies were taking up the Atchlsons with a
view to advancing them next. ' London was
doing pretty well by Itself when the New York
opening prices were sent over, showing a big
hoist of Union and Southern Pacifies and of
the Baltimore and Ohio shares. Baltimore and
Ohio common bounding up $4 a share In four
minutes. Except for the specialties, the mar
ket was fairly quiet, inclining to ease in the
street after the close. Men prominent in tha
market are shaking their heads over these spe
cial -spurts.
Money was tight on the amount locked up
fur. the new issue of consols.
NEW YORK. April 25.-The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
London Market.
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money — tin Ion Land ....... 3
Call loans 3 ®4 - West End 98%
Time loans V&<tiW> Westlnghouse SI... 64 U,
. Stocks— Bonds— • ;
A. T & S F 70tf N E Gas&Coke 5s. 65
A T & S F prefd.. 98% Mining Shares-
American Sugar.. ..144 Adventure 16%
Am Sugar prefd. .122 Bingham Mln Co.. 26%
Am Telephone 174 Amalg Copper 121V6
Boston & Albany.. 264 Atlantic 33
Boston Elevated... 177 Boston & Mont.. ..439
Boston & Maine.. .198 Buue & Boston... 116
Chgo, Bur & Q 196% Calumet & Hecla_.825
Dominion Coal ?7U Centennial 29
Dom Coal prefd... 113% {Franklin 18%
Fltchburg prefd.... 147% | Humboldt 50
Gen Electric 220 Osceola 86
G«n Klec prefd 220 Parrot 54%
Ed Elec 111 240 Qulnoy 176
Mexican Central... 22% Santa Fe Copper.... 8%
N E Gas & Coke.. 11-^ Tamarack' ...• TM
Old Colony 211 Utah Mining ......35
Old Dominion 34 Winona 4%
Rubber 20 Wolverines 5S&
Union Pacific ....107%
v 8 ret rer 2s.... .106% N T- Cent.lsts..../.107%
•S° UI> 106 * N J Cent sen 63...1S3
P° S» reg. l .......uo% N Pacific Ss 72%
U S Ss coup: m% n Pacific 4s .105ft
Do new ia regr.,138% NTCiStL 4s.lO6%
Do new 4s coup.. 139% N & W con 4s.... 101
Do old 4s reg....U3H O Xav lets 110
Do old 4s coup.. 113% O Nav 4s ..104%
go 5a res 110 O Short Line 6s...l23%
Do 6s coup m% Or S Line con 6a.. 118
Dlst of Col 3.65s.. 125% Reading Gen 4s.... 85%
Atchlson gen 4s...l02?i R G W lsts 101%
AtchiRon adj 4s.... 95% 5t L & I M con 6s.ll5%
Canada,.So 2ds....lO8% S L & S F gen 6s.l31%
Ches & Ohio 4%8...105% St Paul cons....... 193
Chet & Ohio 6s... .12?% S P C & P lsts...HSft
C & NW con 7S...142 S P C & P Bs.....l20 1 / i
C & N-WSFdeb 5s.l24 So Pacific 4s 94
Chro Terminal 4s. 95 So Hallway 6s 117%
Colo Southern 4s.. 87 Stand R & T 6s... 60
D & R G 4s 102 : 4 Tex & Pac lsts.... 120
Erie General 4s.... 87% Tex & Pac 2ds....lOO
F W & D C lsts..lO6 Union Pacific 4s.. .105%
Gen Electrlo Ss 185% Wabash lsts ...'... 120-
Iowa Central lsts. 117 Wabash 2da 110
Li & N Uni 4s 102%IWest Shore 4s 114%
M K & T 2ds 82% WIb Cent lsts...... 89%
M K & T 4s l)8Vj'va Centuries 95T4
MINING STOCKS.
Adams 23 Little Chief 14
Alice 40 Ontario 8 75
Breece 1 33 Ophlr 90
Brunswick Con 21 Phoenix 08
Conmstock Tunnel. • 05 Potost ....*. 05
Con Cal & Va.....2 15 Savage ;... 05
Deadwood Terra.... 50 Sierra Nevada 21
Horn Silver .110 Small Hopes '60
Iron Silver..... 60 Standard .3 S3
Leadville Con 05 . ' • '
CLOSING BONDS.
2.083,800 Shares sold.
...'.... Pacific Coast '. 60
£?*!S C CoMt lst P« M 9«
"i'^» ! flc Coast 2d prefd >.-.. 67
428S SSSStfKL-Mv 3
,300 Pressed Steel C^V////^IV.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'. 45^
' M £.1f sed Steel Car P™" • S3 %
Pullman Palace Car 209
¦a'iw ISs?* 4 Bope & TwIne N&g*
. go susar preVa".'.v.-.:v.;:-.;v;.;;;-,;;-.v::::i2i 4
J.600 Tennessee Coal & Iron 67tf
J-'°0 United States Leather 13%
H n ! ted Statefl Leather prefd K%
600 United States Rubber... 20>4
, iJS H nlted Stateaj,Rubber prefd 61»/4
4,700 Western Union 92%
87.100 Amalgamated Copper ..;... .....121ft
\-™> Republic Iron & Steel Co.... 20%
,4'?22 J} e E" bl 'c Iron & Steel Co prefd...... 77
122.100 United States Steel Co ;. 46%
64,400 United States Steel Co: prefd 94%
P C C & St Louis...................... 63
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks 34.W3 1 Potatoes, sks 1.9SS
Flour, qr sk3 25.1Sf tons 7S
Wheat, ctls 4V Wool, bales 1,612
Barley, ctls B,80f Quicksilver, flsks 143
Corn, ctls 180 Tallow, ctls 689
Rye. ctls 350 Raisins, bxs 1.700
Sugar, ctls 5.000" Brandy gals 5 000
Potatoes, sks 1,67$ Wine, gals 86.900
Onions, sks 18J Lime. bbls. 273
Bran, sks 8,320 Leather, rolls 37
Middlings, sks.... 230 Hides, No 236
Hay. tons 532 Pelts, bdls 3,144
FOR THURSDAY. APRIL 23.
Receipts of Produce.
COAL— Wellington, $9 per ton;\ Southfleld
Wellington. $9; Seattle. $7; Bryant. $6 50; Coos
Bay. $5 50; Wallsend. $9; Co-operative Walls
end. $9; Cumberland, $12 in bulk and $13 25 In
sacks: Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $14;
Cannel. $10 per ton; Coke, $15 per ton in bulk
and $17 in sacks; Rocky Mountain descrip
tions, $3 45 per 2000 pounds and $S 50 per ton.
acnrdlnr to brand.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, per lb, in 100-lb bags:
Crushed, 6.15c; Powdered, 5.75c; Candy Gran
ulated, 6.75c; Dry Granulated. 5.65c; Confec
tioners' A, 5.65c; Fruit Granulated. 5.80c;
Magnolia A. 5.25c; Extra C. 5.15c; Golden C,
E.05; barrels, 10c more; half-barrels, 25c more;
boxes. EOc more: CO-lb bags. 10c more. No
orders taken for less than 75 barrels or its
equivalent. Domlnos, half-barrels. 6.40c; boxes,
6.«"" per lb.
PIG TIN— Has been reduced lc to a range
of 28@23c.
BAGS— San Quentin Bags. $3 63; Calcutta
Grain Bags, 6%@6%c; local make. He less than
Calcuttas; Wool Bags. 30@34o; Fleece Twine,
7%#8c.
General Merchandise.
PORK— Live Hogs, ISO lbs and under. 6%a;
ISO to 223 lbs, 6&@6%c: 225 and over, 6®6Uo;
feeders, ; dressed Hogs, 8$±@9ifcc.
LAMB— Spring, 9@9%c per pound.
VEAL— Large, 7@8c; small, 839c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 8ig:8%c; Ewes. 7HS8C per
pound.
Previous prices rule for all descriptions.
BEEF— 7@8c for Steers and 607c per lb for
cows. - \ -
WOOL— Spring. 1900 or 1901— Humboldt and
Mendocino. 15@16c per lb; Northern, free. 12@
13e; defective, 9@llc: Middle County. fr*e, 10@
lie; do. defective, S@10c; Southern. 12 months.
8@9c; Southern, free, 7 months, 7@10c; do, de
fective, 7 -months, 7@8c; Oregon Valley, fine,
15@16c; do. medium and coarse, 14@15o».Dreron.
Eastern, choice, 12@14c; do, fair to good, 9&11C;
Nevada. 10@12c •
HOPS— 15620c per lb.
San Francisco Meat Market.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sel)
about l\bc under quotations. Heavy Salted
Steers. 0%c; medium. 8V»c; light. 8c. Cow
Hides,' 8%c for heavy and Sc for light; Stags.
€c; Salted Kip, Sc; Salted Veal, 9c; Salted
Calf. 10c; Dry Hides. 15^@16c: Culls. 13H@Hc:
Dry Kip. 15c; Dry Calf, 16@17c; Culls and
Brands. 13@14c: Sheepskins, shearlings, 13©:5c
each: short Wool. 30@4'Jc each; medium. 50&6oc;
long Wool. 75c@$l each; Horse Hides, salt.
$2 50 for large and $2@2 23 for medium. $1@1 25
for small and 50c for Colts; Horse Hides, dry.
$1 73 for large, $1 25 for medium. -$1 for small
and 50c for Colts. Deerskins — Summer or red
skins, 35c; fall or medium skins. 30c; winter or
thin skins. 20c. Goatskins— Prime Angoras.
75c; large and smooth, 50c; medium, 33c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4»£c per lb; No. 2.
3%(54e; grease. 2@2Hc
. LARD — Tierces quoted at 6%c per lb for
compound, and lOV-c for pure: half-barrels,
pure, 10%c: 10-lb tins, ll^c; 5-lb tins. ll»ic.
COTTOLENE— One half-barrel. 8%c; three
half-barrels. 8?ic; one tierce. S%c; two tierces,
8^c; nve tierces, 8%c per lb. ¦
Hides, Tallozu, Wool and Hops.
CURED MEATS — Bacon. 12e per lb for
heavy, 12%@13c for light medium. 1314c for
light, 14Vbc for extra light aod 15Vic for sugar
cured; Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 13c; Mess
Beef, $12 per barrel; extra Mess, $13 50; Fam
ily. $13 50: prime Mess Pork, $15; extra clear.
$23; Mess, $19; Smoked Beef. 14c per lb.
The market Is ¦ quiet, but prices are main
tained. .. vy
Provisions.
berts, 12@12%cj Pecans, ll©13c; Cocoanuta,
$3 6C@5.
HONEY— Comb, 13H©14c for bright and 12%
©13c for light amber; water white extracted,
7®7Hc; light amber extracted. 5@6c; dark, i@
5c • per lb.
BEESWAX— 25@28c per lb.
NUTS— Chestnuts, £®10c per lb for' Italian;
Walnuts,' No. 1 softshell, 10c; No.' 2,- 7%c: No.
1 hardshell. 9Vfec: No. 2, 7c; Almonds. " 12ig:i3c
for papershell, ,'9@llc f or ' softshell ; Peanuts,
5#6c for Eastern; Brazil Nuts, llgll'^c; -Fil-
RAISINS— The Raisin Growers' Association
has established the following prices: Bleached
Thompson's fancy. 12c per lb; choice, lie;
standard. 10c; prime, . 9c; unbleached Thomp
son's. 9c • per lb. . Sultanas — Fancy, lOUo per
lb;. choice, 9tic; standard. 8%c; prime. 8c; un
bleached Sultanas, ' 8c; Seedless, 50-lb boxes'
6%c; ,.4-crown, 7c: 3-crown. 6Hc; '2-crown,. 6c.
Pacific brnnd. 2-crown. 5c; 3-crown, 5'4c, and
4-crown, 5'Acr seeded (Fresno • prices), 5c; Lon
don Layers, r 2-crown, $1 50 •• per r box : 3-crown,
$1 CO; Fancy Clusters, $2; Dehesa, $2 50; Im
perial, $3. ¦ All prices f. o. b. at common ship
ping points in California. .. ¦ .- ..
PRUNES— Santa Clara. 4 sizes. 3c: 30-40s — •
40-oOs. 4%c; 50-COs, 4»4c; 60-70s, 2?4c; 70-SOa 3lic
80-90s. 2%c ; . 90-100s, 2Vic ; 100-120s. l»ic. 'These
prices apply to all districts alike, no more
discrimination being made.
FRUITS— Apricots, • 6@7^4c for Royals and
SViSlOc for Mocrparks; Evaporated Apples.
4©6c; .sun-dried, lH-@2c: Peaches. SV^(@4c for
standard, 4%@5Hc for choice and 6@6%c for
fancy; Pears, 2@7c; Plums, pitted, 3&@5c; un
pitted, l@l?4c; Nectarines. 4@4$£c for red and
4JT5C for white.
Local dealers report a fair inquiry for
Peaches, Apricots and -Apples, and supplies of
the two latter are light. The feeling in these
goods is firm. '..'..
The base price of ¦ Prunes has been put back
to 3c for' the four sizes. What effect this will
have is .a question which is causing some
conjecture on the street. It Is feared In some
quarters l that those outsiders who bought at
the cut rate of 2c will turn round and sell at
2>4c or 2>£c,;thus leaving the association high
and dry, with no buyers. A few days will
tell whether this' apprehension' is well .found
ed. The result of the cut,- however, was the
disposal of about 36,000,000 pounds, according to
public advices from ¦ San Jose. ¦
'Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
'The cold weather Is against Cherries, which
are .very slow of sale, and though receipts
are not large, they do not all clean up
Strawberries are fairly steady.
Oranges, Lemons and Limes are as previous
ly quoted. , Eight cars of Oranges are an
nounced for to-day*3 auction. ,
Blackberries came in from Covina. There
were three crates, selling at S3 50 per crate
PEriPUOUS FRUITS— .
CHERRIES— Receipts were 231 boxes, selling
at 50c@$l 25 per box for red and $1 25@2 for
dark.
STRAWBERRIES— $6@8 per chest for Long
worths and $4@6 for large berries. Receipts
were 279 chests. ¦ • . - •
APPLES— $1<S2 60 per "box.
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges, $1@2 25-
Seedlings. 75c@$li Tangerines. 50c@$l 25; Lem
ons, 75c@$l 25 tot common and $1 60@2 50 for
good to choice; Glape Fruit, 50c@$l 50; Mexican
Limes, $4 50; Bananas, $1 25@2 50 per bunch for
New Orleans and $1 25@2 for Honolulu; Pine
apples, Jl 50@4 per dozen.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
CHEESE— Fancy, full cream, , 9%c; choice,
9c; common, nominal; Young Americas 10Hc:
Eastern,, full cream, 14(g!16c per lb
EGGS —
California Ranch— Selected White, \l5c;
mixed colors, I4c per dozen.
California Gathered— Selected, 13%c; standard
13c; seconds, .
BUTTER—
Creamery— Extras, 16*4c; firsts, 15c; seconds,
Dairy— Extras, 15c; firsts, 14Vc; seconds, ;
store, 12c.
DAIRY EXCHANGE QUOTATIONS.
Eggs continue weak under heavy receipts,
and though sellers aro gradually reducing
their asking prices stocks continue to |grow
on the floors. Supplies are now large, and it
Is difficult to set over 16c for the very best.
Butter stands the same, being in good sup
ply and quiet. Cheese is steady.
Receipts were 85,900 pounds and 231 tubs of
Butter, 1787 cases Eggs, 385 cases Eastern
Eggs, 40.930 pounds California Cheese and 1000
pounds Eastern Cheese.
OPEN MARKET QUOTATIONS.
BUTTER— Creamery, 16@17c per lb for fancy
and 15%c for seconds; dairy, M@15e per lb.
CHEESE— Choice mild, new, 9&@10Vsc; old, •
9c per lb.
EGGS— Ranch, 15@16%c for good to fancy;
store. 13@14%c per dozen.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Hens, old Roosters and small broilers con
tinue dull and weak, and stocks of Hens are
too large. Ducks are also quiet and weak.
Other Poultry is about as before.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys. 10@llo for Gob
blers and 12@13c for Hens: Geese, per pair.
$1 50® 1 75; Goslings, $2 25@2 75; Ducks. $4 50
@5 50 for old. and $5 60@tf 50 for young; Hens,
$3 50@4 50; young Roosters, $6 50@7 50; old Roos
ters. $3 5004; Fryers, $5@6; Broilers, $4 50@3
for large and $2®>3 50 for small; Pigeons, $1 75
per dozen for old and $1 75(jr?2 for Squabs.
GAME— Hare, $1 25; Rabbits, $1 25 for Cotton
tail and 75c@$l for Brush.
Poultry and Game.
Potatoes are very firm and a further ad
vance in rivers and Oregons is reported. Onions
show some changes, old being steady, while
new red are declining.
Tomatoes are lower under the heavy arrivals.
Mexican green Peppers are selling at 20c per
lb. Otherwise Vegetables stand about the
same. x
Receipts were 1047 boxes Asparagus, 388 boxes
Rhubarb, 1217 sacks Bay Peas and 740 sacks
New Potatoes.
POTATOES— Early Rose, 7O@9Oc; Burbanks,
65@90c for River and $1@1 40 for Oregon;
Sweets, 50@60c for Merced; New Potatoes,
l@l%e per lb.
ONIONS — Cut Onions,. 5Oc@Sl 25 per sack;
Australians. $3 D0(W3 75: Green Onions. 20(S>4Oc
per box; New White, $3; New Red, $1 25@1 50.
VEGETABLES— Rhubarb, 35c@$l 25 per box;
Asparagus, $1 75 for fancy. $1@1 50 per box
for No. land 50@85c for No. 2; Green Peas,
75c@$l per sack; Garden Peas, $1 25; String
Beans, 7@10c for Los Angeles and 10@12%c for
Vacavllle; Horse Baans, 75c@$l per sack; Ca_
bage, 50@60c; Tomatoes, Mexican, $1 50#l 73 per
crate; from Texas, $2 25; Dried Peppers, 12@lSc;
Dry Okra. 15c per lb; Carrots, 25<g-35c per sack;
Hothouse Cucumbers, 35@75c per dozen; Garltc,
8@10c per lb; Summer Squash, per box..
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
BEANS— Bayos. $2 50@2 70; Small White, $4 75
@4 90; Large White, $4@4 15; Pink, $1 60@l 85;
Red, $3@3 25; Blackeye. $2 75@3; Llmas. $6 25
@6 35; Pea, nominal; Red Kidney, $4 50 per ctl.
-SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard, nominal; Flax. $2 50@3; Canary, 3yi@
3%c for Eastern; Alfalfa, nominal; Rape, 2@
2%c; Hemp, 3%c; Timothy, 6^c ¦
DRIED PEAS— Niles, . $2@2 50; Green, $2 700
3 per ctl; Blackeye, nominal.
The Government opened the bids for white
Beans yesterday, but the results will probably
not be known for a day or two. This description
is very firm, j There is now a very fair demand
for , Pinks for shipment to Texas and other
Southwestern points, as the lower prices have
attracted . buyers. Otherwise there Is nothing
new. • ¦ -.- . ¦ ¦;•.--
Beans and Seeds.
bid in at $6 50 per ton. Otherwise there was
nothing new in Hay, the market being quiet.
Bran and Rolled Barley were very firm.
BRAN— $16 5O@17 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $16 60@19 50 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS -Rolled Barley. $17 50@18 50
per ton; Oilcake Meal at the mlll,$25@26; Job
bing, $26 50; Cocoanut Cake. $17@18; Corn Meal.
J25@26 50; Cracked Corn, $25 50@26; Mixed Feed,
$14 50@15 50. ¦-¦:_¦ ¦
HAY— Volunteer. $S@S; Wheat. $11@13; Wheat
and Oat, $9@12; Oat. $3@U 50; Clover, nominal;
Alfalfa, ?8@9 50; Barley, $7 50@9 50 per ton.
STRAW— 35@17V£c per bale.
Fifty ton« of new crop Alfalfa, the first of
the season, arrived from Grand Island, and was
Hay and Feedstuff s.
FLOUR— California Family Extras. $3 23@3 50.
usual terms; Bakers' Extras. $3 13@3 25; Ore-|
gon, $2 75@2 85 per barrel for family and $2 75®
3 for bakers" ; Washington bakers'. $2 75Q3.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour. $3 per ,100 lbs; Rye Flour. J2 73; Rye
Meal, $2 60; Rice Flour, $7; Corn Meal, %2 75:
extra cream do, $3 EO; Oat Groats, $4 50: Horn*,
iny, $3 50@3 75; Buckwheat Flour, $4@4 25;
Cracked Wheat. $3 50; Farina, $4 50; Whole
"Wheat Flour, $3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels). . $6 10
@7 60; in sacks, $5 75@7 25; Pearl Barley. $5;
Split Peas, $5; Green Peas, $6 50 per 100 lbs.
Flour and Millstuffs.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock—December—10,
000 ctls. 80c.
Second Session— No eales.
Regular Morning Session— December— 2000 ctls,
79»4c. ¦
Afternoon Session— December— 8000 ctls, 80c.
OATS— The situation stands the same, the
market being very firmly held. "White, $1 37%@
1 50; Surprise, nominal; Red, $1 32\4@1 45; Black,
$1 17%@1 27% per ctl.
CORN— White is now about the only kind of
fering, and it is very strong at $1 20@l 25 per
ctl. A little mixed can be had at .the same
figures. There is no yellow i showing at the
moment.
RYE-«0@S2%c per ctL
BUCKWHEAT— Is quoted at $1 65@1 70 per
ctl, ex-warehouse.
$102%. December^SOOO. Jl 08; 2000.' U 07%: 6000,
U07%; 18,000, $107%. .
Second Session— No sales.
Regular Morning Session— December— 18,000
ctls. $107%; 6000. Jl 07%. May— 16,000, U W&-
Afternoon - Session — December — 20CO ctls,
$107%; 36.000, $107%. May— 10,000, $102%." \
BARLEY— It is purely a weather market,
and as no rain Is yet in sight the feeling con
tinues very firm. Prices are maintained.
Feed. S2%@S3%c for No. 1 and 77%@S0c for off
grades; Brewing and Shipping grades, S5@87}£c;
Chevalier, nominal.
To-day's receipts were 72 cars, the smallest
In years. From this the general market de
rived, much of its bullishness. July corn sold
between 44%c ' and 45^c and closed U@%c
higher at 45%c. ¦.•;.-. -;¦¦'
The market for wheat was active, strong and
the broadest : in weeks. - May opened %©><ic
lower in sympathy with an easy tone at Liv
erpool and because the weather was highly
satisfactory to farmers. Liberal sales wero
made at ' the. start, but there was a demand
of such breadth that an attempt was
made to get the stuff back. The market In
consequence rallied to 72%c and . later, influ
enced by damage reports from Kansas, where,
It was said, fly ravages were beginning to be
apparent, crowded up to 72%c. Realizing sales
caused a reaction" to 72%c during the after
noon, but the close was strong, Yzc higher at
72%c.
Oats were fairly active and firm in sympathy
with wheat and. corn. May oats closed un
changed. - . *
Provisions were quiet but firm in sympathy
with an advance in prices at the yards. Fluc
tuations were narrow. Pork closed 5c higher,
lard 2%@5c up and ribs 7%e up*
The leading futures ranged _as follows: . '.
the pit for a time, and this gave rise to ' a
rumor that he had made a private settlement
with shorts. Fearing that the market was
about ¦ to collapse, scattered longs hastened to
unload, and May broke, to 4714 c Phillips at
this point re-entered the pit and a sharp rally
to 48»ic followed. Later the market got back
to 47#c. but again recovered and the close
was at 4Sc, %c under yesterday. It Is esti
mated that the Phillips line of May at. the
close was about 3,000,000. It is figured ¦ that
there will be this amount In store here May
1 and that It will be delivered to him. It is
regarded as highly probable that the last
remnant of the short Interest took Its medicine
to-day. • _ . ¦ . ¦
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, APRIL 26, 1901.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
Foreign Futures.
STOCK MARKET.
LOCAL MARKETS.
10
STATIONS.
I Last This I
124 Hours Season. I
1 Last
Season.
Kureka. r*rff*i>jT~" , *
Red Blu«t:. y
Facramento .........
fian Francisco
Fresno
Independence ..."....
Kan Iy-iis Obiepo....
Los Angeles
San Diego
0.01 44.60
22.67
17.50
18.99
10.38
5. SO
27.88
14.17
10.55
47.95
21.75 '
17.32
18.10
7.94
2.*2
15.82
6.09
3.65
STATIONS.
I Last This I
124 Hours Season. I
1 Last
Season.
Kureka. r*rff*i>jT~" , *
Red Blu«t:. y
Facramento .........
fian Francisco
Fresno
Independence ..."....
Kan Iy-iis Obiepo....
Los Angeles
San Diego
0.01 44.60
22.67
17.50
18.99
10.38
5. SO
27.88
14.17
10.55
47.95
21.75 '
17.32
18.10
7.94
2.*2
15.82
6.09
3.65
AUCTION SALES
AUCTION!* AUCTION!
SALE OF STABLE BUSINESS, ETC,
• By Surviving Partner.
Xotics is hereby given that the undersigned,
as surviving partner of the late flrra of SULLT-
VAN & DOYLE, will, on MONDAY, the 2Dth
day of April. 1901, commencing at 10 o"clock
a. m.. of -caid day. at the Stables of the said
late firm, at 323-323-327 Sixth street, this city
and county, sell at Public Auction, to the high-
est bidder, for cash. In U. S. gold coin, the en-
tire stock In trade of said late firm, consisting
of Horses. Mares. Carriages, Coupes, Hacks.
Bugsie3, Wagons and Harness; also Office Fix-
tures and Safe; also *he Good Will of said bust-
ness. AH the Horses, etc.. Carriages, Wagon*,
etc., will be sold separately. The sale will b«
without reserve, for the purpose of winding up
the business of said late firm.
The Horses. Carriages. Wagons, etc.. at said
Stables, are subject to inspection up to day of
sale. ¦ •'. • ¦
San Francisco. April 16, 1901.
JOHN J. DOYLE.
Surviving Partner of the late firm of SULU-
VAN & DOYLE.-
Notice Is hereby given that all the Interest of
the late firm of SULLIVAN & DOYLE in and
to all the Horses. Carriages, Wagons, etc.. and
in and to the business carried on at Now 220 Va-
lencia street, known as the EMPORIUM
HORSE MARKET, will be sold by the under-
signed, as surviving partner of said late firm,
at said Emporium Horse Market, on TUES-
DAY, the 30th day of April. 1901. commencing
at 10 o'clock a. m.. of eaid day. at Public Auc-
tion, to the highest bidder, for cash. In U. S.
gold coin.
Sale will be without reserve for the purpose
of winding up the business of said late firm.
Dated at San Francisco, this 18th day of
April. 130L JOHN J. DOYLE.
Surviving Partner of the late firm of SULLI-
VAN & DOYLE.
IS du£C Awrv^/m^ a
fl y " u i ?&
B A small amount of money judiciously, invested has a gre^t 8
• H e ? rn^ n S power — interest never ceases to accumulate^ — accumula- g
H tion is the great creator of fortunes. ';. g
M Our company was particularly organized for the Concen- m
D tration and combining of capital fcr small investors, thus male- i §
H ing their money a great working power. S
i H If you, have' a small amount of idle capital call upon u«. tA
I Eg We will show you where it can be invested with assured results. a
I WEST COAST INVESTMENT CO., |
j| Ph^Ian^uildin^, San Francisco. §A large audience was most .agreeably
entertained last night at Sherman-Clay
Hall by a good programme rendered' by
the Saturday Morning Orchestra, under
the direction of Oscar Well. The young
ladies were assisted by Miss Alice Toklas,
pianist, a gifted pupil of Otto Bendlx:
Miss Grace Freeman, violinist, one of
Giulio Minettl's talented students, and
by Otto Bendix. The good work of the
orchestra came as a considerable surprise
after Its long silence. • .
Saturday Morning Orchestra.
OAKLAND, April23.— Mr*. Cornelia E.
Colburn. wife of th« former prominent
politician. Jacob Colburn. will endeavor to
be released from the marriage. . relation.
Since her husband deserted her after his
business and political failure six years
ago sho has been compelled to support
herself and two children. She filed suit
for divorce to-day on the ground of deser
tion. Mrs. Clara Lundln has been granted
a divorce from George H. Lundln on the
ground of desertion. ¦ For the same causa
Mason H. Morse has filed suit for divorce
from Mary P. Morse.
Oakland Divorce Suits.
Prisoner Becomes Insane.
William Roberts, a prisoner In th»
Broadway Jail awaiting trial for the rob
bery of a soldier, became violently Insane
fn his cell early yesterday morning.
When Roberts became violent his cell
mate," A, ParrodI, also. held for robbery,
attempted to pacify him and .was badly
beaten. Roberts was taken to the City
Receiving: Hospital In- a straltjacket
and placed In the Insane ward.
Judge Troutt was engaged yesterday
hearing further objection* to the account
of the executors of the will of the late
Julius Friedman. The demand of the at
torneys, Riordan & Lande and T. Z. Blake
man, for $15,000 attorneys' fees for ser
vices 'performed on behalf of - the exe
cutors, together with the allowance of
$3500 to Martin Stevens for services. ren
dered as attorney for absent heirs, were
the principal Items against which Attor
neys Rothchild. .Pohll,. Houghton &
Houghton and Wise directed their attack.
They stated that they could show .that
the services rendered by the claimants
were not worth half what was demanded,
but on the other hand Riordan & Lande
and Blakeman said they could get the
foremoHt members of the bar to testify
'that their demand was reasonable. After
'hearing the various objections Judge
I Troutt took the matter under advisement.
Attorneys Demand Thousands.
When the case of John._W. McGowan.
president of the Rockefeller Oil Company,
charged with threatening, to kill his wife,
was called In Judge Mogan's court yes
terday McGow"an. denied that he had ever
made any threats against her. He had
never owned a revolver In his life, he said,
and declared his wife had been Influenced
against him by the landlady of the houso
at 800 McAllister street and other women
who lived there, anun? them the divorced
wife of "Swlftwater Bill." The Judge
sent McGowan and his wife and her at
torney Into hi* chambers and told them
to effect a reconciliation. After half an
hour. the attorney returned to the court
room and eald a reconciliation had beea
effected and the ca^e was dismissed.
McGowans Reconciled.
President Charles M. Hays of tha^
Southern Pacific Company arrived from
the East last evening and Js at the Pal
ace. He says that while he was away
he ordered some new rojlinjr-stock, which
will be out here shortly! The purchase
includes 1000 boxcars, 1000 flatcars, 600 :
stockcars, 500 . coalcars, 500 olltank cars
and 250 furniture cars. *
Hays would not deny the rumor
that Fitzhugh would come out to Ban.
Francisco to accept a position In th«
Southern Pacific Company, but he would
not definitely state what position be
might hold.
HAYS PXTRCHASES MITCH .'.-£ •-¦-
NEEDED OIL TANK CABS
Returns From. East and Says There
Will Be No Changes at
Present.
tured on "Industrial Evolution" at the Aca
demy Qf Sciences building last night under the',
auspices of the local Socialist Democratic.
Party. •(¦ ..• ..-..• ., ¦; .-» . ¦
•' COOKERY DEMONSTRATION.— A demon
stration of the art of cooking will be given at
Sherman & Clay 'Hall to-morrow night: It
will" be under' the direction ' of Miss Kate
AVhitaker. Mrs. de Yoe, Mrs. Coryclle, Miss M.
Coyle and Miss G. Morey.' •
, ANNOUNCES A PICNtC.— The Independent
German Ladies' Society announces its eleventh
annual picnic at Oermania Gardens, near Har
bor View. It will be held on April 23. An
Interesting, programme of games will be pre
sented, besides many other features. -
THREATENS A BROKER.— Alfred Hart, a
broker, 116 Montgomery street, . secured a war
font from Judsre Cabanits yesterday for the
arrest of Dr. W. L. Williamson, : veterinary!
surgeon, on the charge of threats to kill the
complainant. Williamson v, r aa arrest wl. and re
leased on.- bail. '«• , :;• ... '; ; ¦ ,. 7 ¦ ,.-.
SELLS. BOGUS^ LOTTERY TICKETS.—
George ' Uason, who . has been repeatedly i ar
rested manufacturing and selling bogus
lottery tickets, was arrested again yesterday
morning by Captain Wittman and poese at 131
Montgomery street. 'The police seized 1360
tickets supposed to be bocua. ; ..
CLAIMS HE WAS SLANDERED.— A Jury
was: secured in Judge Hunt's court yesterday
to , bear the ¦ case instituted by Georg* Haub
against Charles Friermuth to rtcover $15,000
damages for slander. . • -
BENEFIT CONCERT.— A grand concert will
be given to-night at Howard Presbyterian
Church under the direction of Mrs. Jessie Dean
Moore. It is for the- benefit of the uniform
fund of the Boys' Brigade. •.;-'._
. LECTURED ON EVOLUTION.— Rev. E. Ne
lander of ¦, the English Lutheran* Church i lec-
BRIEF LOCAL NEWS.
Spy Arrested in Paris.
,•: PARIS, April 2o.— An. espionage, case
calculated to. create; a certain sensation
was revealed yesterday by the arrest of a
German, In one i of tho large hotels -on a
charge -of having communicated to Herr
Krupp the secret of the manufacture of
guns at the Commentry arms factory. .It
is alleged that the drawings were supplied
by one of the workmen; two of whom havo
been arrested. p ™K!''s!, > f»«>«%i'
Marin> Deputy Marshal. Has , Some
Interesting Negotiations and "
Then Makes an Arrest. . . '.
: : SAN RAFAEL,. April 25.— Deputy Mar-r
shal Samuel Black of Sausallto to-day had
Joseuto S. Wour arrested for battery.'and
thereby is suspended a. tale.
Last night Black and Wour met at Man
zanita station and proceeded to swap
horses. Both parties wanted something
to boot, a3 each claimed that his , horse
was the more valuable. After, consider
able parley it was agreed to determine
the relative value of the beasts by a tug
of-war. Harness was procured and both
horses were hitched one to each end of a
stout chain. Whip strokes and shouts of
their respective owners made the animals
strain In their collars as they endeavored
to drag each other around a ten-acre
field. Strength at "last told and Wour'a
horse won the tug-of-war.> Black's horse
pulled off both hind shoes In the contest,
but had to give way, - - .
¦ Black, did not take the defeat of hl«
horse in good nature and the giving of
boot went against him. I Soon a hot argu
ment was in progress, then. Black placed
Wour under arrest .and called upon som«
bystanders to > help him, butas he had
left his star at. home they refused to
move. In due time Wour bested the dep
uty marshal and added substantial Injury
to Insult by kicking. Black. To-day
Black's face shows many marks of the
unequal encounter. - Ha says that horse
trading is not his forte.'
HORSE TRADE LEADS 7 V .
TO WORDS AND BATTLE
i , ?. .- culiar Financial System. v -
NEW WHATCOM, Wash., April 25.—
Under an order of the court, Receiver
Muir of the Scandinavian-American
Bank this afternoon filed a report of its
affairs which lays bare a system of
reckless banking operations. According
to the reports the bank's president, St.
John Dix, borrowed its entire deposits
and $8000 of its capital on his unsecured
notes. Other officers are the bank's
debtors to the extent of $1200. The cap
ital stock of the Scandinavian-American
Bank • was $25,000. Of the 250 shares
President St. John held 207, and Cashier
Oleson. 15; ¦ The bank's . nominal assets
are $31,776. Of this over $24,000 are unse
cured notes of its - president. In. giving
the total deposits at $16,442, the report
says: - . •
, "This does not include deposits issued
to St. John apparently without . value,
and "which the bank was in the practice
of issuing to him without consideration,
to enable him to raise money on them
by arrangements with other banks. In
addition the bank owes other ; banks
about $4000." . ¦¦ - ¦«..-.
Among other things, the receiver'claims
that the bank's books were falsified $24
000 being carried as cash in the vault
which was X never there. President St.-
John of the bank Is at present in London.
The bank president's proper name is H..
St. John Dlx. He went under the name
of H.' St. John here. His father, ¦ he
claims, is an English aristocrat and'
his brother is one of the secretaries of
the British Embassy at Washington.
Scandinavian - American Institution
in New Whatcom Run\on a Pe- :.;
RECEIVER DISCOVERS
BANKER'S RECKLESSNESS
thony's College, recently completed ' here
by the Franciscan monks who Inhabit tho
old mission,- wns. dedicated- this morning
with imposing ceremonies and a grand
procession of the clergy. " •- • . , •
Noted members of the Catholic clergy
from all parts of this Franciscan province;
which .reaches to the Mississippi River,;
were present. >: < • •; >, •' • ¦ . \ ". . ¦
The Right Rev. George Montgomery, D.
D.7 bishop, was celebrant of the high mass
and delivered the dedication sermon.
SANTA BARBARA. April 25.— St. An-
FRANCISCANS' j COLLEGE
DEDICATED WITH POMP
SANTA BARBARA, April 25.— A pecu
liar suicide ' occurred at the Lincoln
House, an uptown hotel, about 5 o'clock
this' morning. . Placing his feet under his
bureau, with his head on a half-open va
lise and the mirror tilted so that he couid
see himself commit -suicide, J. B. Hodson
blew out his brains. Hodson came to the
Lincoln House December 20. He had little
to say about himself and no one knows of
any of his relatives except his wife, in
Montana, ¦ He left the following note,
dated April, 1901:
' Cyrus Uphani— Dear Sir: A« I am convinced
that I, cannot recover my health I. have deter
mined to commit suicide, and thus prevent my
wife and children from belnc reduced to pov
erty. -Will you kindly forward my money and
rfTecti to my wife, whose- address Is Mrs. J.
B. HodBon, Marysvllle, Mont. In the wrltinn
caiie that I* In my valUe will be found the
following:. One United States bond for 11000,
out, banker** draft for $654 23, . another for
$2<X) 80, one receiver • certificate of proof of
claim against Merchants' National Bank. Hel-.
enn, bank currency $300. : J. B. tlODSON. ;
Guest at a Santa Barbara Hotel
Prefers Death to Decline of i
•Health... .
LOOKS IN THE MIRROR
¦Sj'-a AS HE COMMITS SUICIDE
Entered*
CINCINNATI, April f 25.— David D.
Thompson was, to-day. elected editor of
the -Northwestern' Christian Advocate of
Chicago by the book committee of the
Methodist jGpsicopa^ church, to succeed
Rev. Dr. Arthur Edwards* deceased. The
action is decidedly progressive and was
not accomplished without .'a struggle.'
Precedent was entirely against the suc
cessful candidate, for. he Is a layman, and
hitherto only reverends and doctors of
divinity have been selected to sit in the
editorial chairs of tne Methodist papers,
as well as to, fill almost all the other
places of trust and honor. He had against
him as rival candidates such distin
guished men as Rev. Dr. Jesse Bowman
Young of Cincinnati, an editor of years'
experience; Rev. S. J. Hertenk, assistant
editor of the New York Advocate; Rev.
Dr. R. J. Coke, of the Methodist Advocate
Journal; Rev. P. M. Swift of Chicago,
Rev. D. W. Clark of Cincinnati, Rev. S.
H. Whitlock, Mattoon, 111. ; Rev. j William
N. Mickler, Springfield, 111.; Rev. C. M.
Cobern, Denver; Professor 'C. M. Stuart,
Northwestern University, and G. H.
Potts, editor of the Michigan Christian
Advocate.
Twenty-five or thlrtv years ago Thomp
son began his connection with" the Metho
dist journals by becoming a proof-reader
In the office of the. Western Christian Ad
vocate in this city. Subsequently he was
made news editor and finally assistant
editor, and after a brier season of edi
torial work in a secular paper at Spring
field, Ohio, he became connected with the
Northwestern Christian Advocate in Chi
cago.
Layman Wins in a Contest in Which
Many. Ministers Had ¦' . .,
THOMPSON IS EDITOR j •
OF CHRISTIAN ADVOCATTE
Commercial department— M. Ahkman (cap
tain). J. Bouden. Harry Burkholm. R. Elliot
A. Gilbert. E. MeKevltt and E. Dessouslavy
Humboldt Evening High — Charles Turner
(captain), R. Barkhnrit, A. T. Morgran," James
Klmberly. F. Batllnger, F. Schramm and R.
Sansfield. • ¦.'-^J f * - • ¦
Lowell High— Vos Burgh (captain), Fenton.
Hodgklnson. CranJ. ¦ Keegan, Jones and Steast.
Mission HIgli — Dollard (captain), Doran. Reed
McKlnney. Taffinder. Dill and Laumetster
Polytechnic Higrh— W. H. Dement (captain)
E. Bonfleld. George Freudenbergr, A. Cuno j'
Glvens. J. Eggers and E. Suter.
The programme of athletic exercises for •
the Mayday festival to be given at Glen
Park for the benefit of the Teachers' An- -
nuity Association was completed yester
day. The exercises will be conducted by
Professor George S. Miehling and com
prise tugs of war and races for valuable
prizes. The tug of war will be contested
by the followire school teams: -_ - .
Athletic Exercises at Glen Park Will
Include Races and Tug '
.. of War.
PROGRAMME FOB TEACHERS'
KEATDA.T FESTIVAL
lieutenant, J. McBrlen; second lieutenant, \V.
W. Carey. • . . .
Company O — Captain, Joseph Wespleaer; first
lieutenant. Thomas J. Curtin; second lieuten
ant, J. Haekenbruck.
Company. R— First lieutenant. - M. A. Mc-
Cann; second lieutenant, Paul Fratessa.
Company I^Castain, P. J. Grlmley; flrst
lieutenant, James Meagher; second lieutenant,
Garrett Seam. • ,
Company M— Captain, J. A. RIddell; flrst
lieutenant, A. Henno; second lieutenant, J.
Fitzslmmons.
Company N— Captain, J. A. Kennedy; first
COLONEL. POWER AND HIS STAFF. OF THE LEAGUE OF THE CROSS
CADETS AND THE TROPHY FOR WHICH THE FIFTEEN COMPA
NIES wii;l. compete.
( ...... . ¦ ••-• • . ' • :¦¦¦-!.,
JAPANESE AND THEIR ART
SUBJECT OF A LECTURE
One of the most brilliant and thought-
ful lectures that a San Francisco audi
ence has. ever had the pleasure of hear
ing was given Wednesday night in the
art gallery of W. K. Vlckery, on Post
street, by Professor Fenollosa, on "The
Japanese and Their Art." The lecturer
Is eminently well equipped for discussing
his subject by a patient and Intimately
pympathetic study of the Japanese and
their methods during his professorship in
the University of Toklo, covering a per
iod of twenty-three years. He said in
part:
"A sympathetic knowledge of the peo
plea of the Orient, their history, ideals,
ethice. art and language, is particularly
essential to the American, becoming even
vitally Important to the dweller , on the
Pacific Coast, which is physically face to
face with these peoples. The step re
cently taken in the Berkeley university
in the founding of a chair of Oriental
languages, in the teaching of Spanish,
also with the latest innovation, the Slav
ic tongue, was evidence of the wisdom
«nd breadth of the man at the helm, Pro
fessor Benjamin Ide Wheeler."
The lecturer then discussed the history
of the art of Japan, its derivation from
the Chinese, its own five periods, the
spiritual and physical conditions upon
which it is based and Its universal and
distinguishing characteristics,- and, with
a plea for the better understanding of the
little brown man and his ideals, ended
his lucid and suggestive talk. A vote of
thanks to Professor Fenollosa proposed
by Professor W. D. Armes of the Univer
sity of California and seconded by Pro
fessor Fryer was unanimously adopted.
A VESTS A PANIC IN
CINCINNATI THEATER
Camille D'Arville's Presence of Mind
Prevents Possible Loss of
Many Lives.
Camille d'Arville to her distinction as
actress and singer has added the reputa
tion of a heroine. The scene of the latest
act to bring her fame was the Columbia
Theater. Cincinnati, where she appeared
last week.
By her presence of mind the singer pre
vented a panic, with the probable attend
ant less of life. Miss d'Arville had fin
ished her turn, and was dressing for the
street, when her. attention was attracted
by loud shouts from the audience, and
cries of "Fire:" The Dumont trio were
on the stage doing their turn, when a
man In the parquet rose to go out, a.
whole line of spectators rising to allow
him to pass to the aisle. At the same
time a smell of burning rubber made it
self evident to the fire cranks in the
house and in a few seconds all the sfens
*<i a lively panic were in evidence. The
ir.u?ic was? drowned in the noise, and two
of tho Dumcnt trio took to their heels
amid the excitement.
At this moment Miss d'Arville. armed
with a towel, rushed on the stage from
h< r. dressing-room, and with much wav
ing of her peaceful weapon succeeded at
Isii-t In quieting the frightened crowd
j Pn as!=l!red them that there was
Do danger and the performance proceed
ed. It was learned that the trouble was
enured by an imperfectly insulated elec
tric wire.
The Columbia engagement is among the
i5f* t i 1 . a . t the fav °nte singer will fulfill.
MIfs d Arv:llp. or. as she will for the fu
ture b* known. Mrs. Will Crellin of Oak
land, will return in about two weeks to
California. --.>.-
CALIFORNIA VETERANS
HOLD ANNUAL BANQUET
The Society of California Volunteers
held Its annual banquet . and election
of officers last evening at the Occidental
Hotel. During the evening United States
Minister Conger paid the veterans a
short visit. General W. H. L. Barnes was
also present and made a short address.
Among the invited guests were: Gen
eral Wood, U. S. A.; Adjutant General
Seamans. N. G. C. : Major Loup, Mexican
Veterans; Horace Wilson, Pension Agent
Fuller and Colonel Carey.
The following officers were elected to
serve for the ensuing* year:
President. Major Alfred Morton: first
vice president, Sol Cahen; second vice
president, G. A. Swasey; corresponding:
secretary, J. T. Homer; treasurer, C. w.
Gordon; secretary, J. C. Innes..
Among those present were: j. H. Gil
more, A. Serle, C. H. Peterson, E.
Brooks. C. Mason KInne, C. A. Sumner,
J. Ellis Hill, Colonel J. Moore, General
Eagan and H. A. Gorley.
TAAFE CLAIMS ST. MAEY'S
AVENUE IS OBSTRUCTED
School Principal Wants Supervisors
to Compel Southern Pacific to
Remove Fence.
Lawrence Taafe. principal of the Hum
boldt Evening School, will file a petition
with the Board of Supervisors next Mon
day to compel the Southern Pacific Com
pany to remove a fence now obstructing
St. Mary's avenue, opposite Old St.
Mary's College. Taafc claims that the
company In fencing In Its right of way
at the pojnt named has illegally appro
priated a strip of land ninety feet wide
bclorelng to the city, which if opened up
would grive access to the old San Jose
road, just across the railroad company's
tracks.
St. Mary's avenue is ]000 feet long and
sixty feet wide and affords the only
mp-anis of tra\-el from Chenery and Roan
oke streets Into Mission street.
Taafe says that for two years past; the
rr-sidents in the immedate vicinity have
been trying to extend St. Mary's avenue
to Chenery street, but the city has been
unable to buy the railroad's right of way.
P«oj>1<> have been forced to climb fences
in order to reach their homes on Roanoke
and Chenery streets.
Taafes petition will be referred to the
City Attorney to determine the legal
points involved. Should that official de
cide that the Southern Pacific Company
na« illegally fenced In the strip of ninety
fwt. fteps will be taken by the board to
nave the obstruction removed.
FRANCHISE FOR VALLEY
EOAD IS RECOMMENDED
The Supervisors' Street Committee re
ported yesterday in favor of granting the
petition of the San Francisco and San
Joaquin Valley Railway Company for a
franchise to construct and maintain cer
tain railway tracks on Fourth, Michigan
and Georgia streets, to be used in con
nection with the Illinois-street, franchise
until China Basin is filled in: Captain
Payson, vice president of the road, agreed
to draft the necessary odinance granting
the privilege.
The Board of Public Works submitted
specifications for the cleaning and sprink
ling of streets, for which purpose the city
has been subdivided into four districts.
Proposals will be invited for the work on
May 1, 1901.
The bill establishing regulations con
cerning public and private sewers and
drains was favorably acted upon.'
The demands for $500 each of A. J.
Ttalsch. S. H. Kent Morrison, Henry C.
Robinson and O. B. Martin, composing the
Board of Park Panhandle Appraisers were
recommended for payment
Cordelia Botkin' Cas*.
George A. Knight, attorney for Mrs.
Cordelia Botkin, happened to be in Judge
Cook's court yesterday morning and A«
sistant District Attorney Dcuprey made a
motion to have the case placed on the
calendar to-morrow no that it could be
set for trial. He also moved that the de
fendant be produced in court. Knight,
either purposely or Inadvertently, offered
no objection, but it Ih thought there -will
be a forensic battle to-morrow.
Upon the recommendation of a commit
tee appointed for the purpoee of proposing
candidates. Captain Robert WJeneke waa
unanimously elected last night by the Na
tional Shooting Bur.d of tho United States
to be grand marehaJ of the Bundes Shoot
ing Festival, which Is to be held' from
July 31 to 23 In this city. There were
numerous aspirants for the position, but
<"H».taln Wleneke's crr-at popularity and
riM-cial fitness for the office secured for
him the necessary votes.
Captain AVlencke was formerly a non
<"omml«Bloned officer in the Pioneer
jiuards, the crack battalion at Berlin. He
is a member of a large number of German
poricUrs in thi*'. city and distinguished
iilm*elf while captain of the Deutsche
KrleRer Bchuctzen both as commander
and s« & marksman.
Indications point to an exceedingly
large attendance at the festival. Already
the local hotels have 'received hundreds
of requests from the East for accommo
dations. The committe desires to secure
at least 400 prizes to be awarded to the
winners of the various contests.
MARSHAL FOR BI7NDES
SHOOTING FESTIVAL
Great Day for Lester Reiff.
LONDON, April 23.— At the first day's
racing of . tho . Sandowne Park secon-1
spring meeting to-day the Sandowne
Park Stud Produce States was won by
the Irene colt, ridden by L. Relff.
The tenth year of the Tudor plate of
1000 sovereigns, for three-year-olds at one
mile, was won by George Faber's Pieter
maritzburr. Desaymar, owned by Sir J.
Ulundcll Maple, was second, and Richard
Croker'a Viper, with Lester Rciff In 'the
saddle, came In third. Fourteen horses
The Juvenile selling plate of 103 sover
eigns, at five furlongs was won by,, the
Delightful colt,, ridden -by. L. Reiff. Mr.
McCreery's Rlpa colt, Danny. Maher up,
was second, and London Assurance third.
Twelve horses started.
NEW HAVEN, Conn.,. April 2S.-The
official correspondence relating to the in
ternational irack contest to be heM at
Berkeley Oval, New York, September 21,
between teams representing Oxford find
Cambridge unlverfiities • on the one side
and Yale and Harvard , on the other is
published here to-day. It shows / an
agreement on the question of eligibility
to membership on the' teams and assures
a contest of nine events, as follows:
100-yard \ dash, quarter-mile; half-mile;
one mile, two mile, high Jump,- broad
Jump, hammer throwing and 220- yard
hurdles.
\
Agree on Events and Question
of Eligibility:
English and American Universities
INTERNATIONAL TRACK
CONTEST IS ARRANGED
The Chicago merchants are the flrst
Westerners to Join. Their decision, It is
said/ will bring the houses of St. Louis,
Milwaukee, Cincinnati and othor towns
into the association. Later San Francisco
co-operation- Is to be sought; and the
South will also be visited. • -:¦
CHICAGO, April 25.— Chicago manufac
turers of clothing, representing an aggre
gate capital of Irom $15,000,000 to $20,000,000,
met to-day and decided to form an asso
ciation which will combine with similar
bodies throughout the United States.
While the leaders deny that any efforts
to regulate prices are contemplated, the
combination* will be more powerful and
represent more capital than almost any
recognized trust. Already the New York
association has a total capital of more
than $100,000,000 and with the factories of
six Eastern cities another $100,000,000 is
added.
Chicago Manufacturers Decide to Join
the Other Combinations in "
the United States.
CLOTHING MERCHANTS
• IN A GREAT TRUST
After a frantic search of the hole Adams
summoned his neighbors and by noon a
considerable crowd had gathered in the
barnyard. Every nook in the vicinity
was 'peered Into "and the search had all
but been abandoned, when Anton Sadi
lek came upon the missing treasure in
the crutch of a sawbuck near the scene
of the excavation. It then occurred to
Adams that he had intrusted the money
to the cranny while engaged in digging
the hole. He had then carefully inserted
the empty can and proceeded with pains
to remove all evidence of It3 presence.
So Adams determined to bury the treas
ure in the barnyard until it could be
safely housed in the bank vault Secur
ing a tomato can he dug a hole in a quiet
spot and deposited It therein,- carefully
removing all evidence of the cache. Adams
slept peacefully all night and in the
morning found the secluded corner of the
barnyard apparently Just as he had left
it. He unearthed the can and was horri
fied to discover that it was utterly void
of contents.
Absent-Minded Farmer Digs Hiding -
Flace for Bills and Forgets
to Hide Them. - - '
OMAHA. April 25.— Henry Adams, a
farmer on the outskirts of Kearney,
Neb., Is dubbed by his neighbors the most
absent-minded man In the State and has
them to thank, moreover, for the salva
tion of $509 in bills. Adams had received
the money as the proceeds of a sale of
stock, but as banking hours were over he
was obliged to carry the roll of bills home
for the night. The fear of burglars was
strong upon him, however, and the pres
ence of the money put an end to his peace
of mind.
NEIGHBORS AID HIM
TO FIND HIS TREASTJBE
three nights a week.
The band, under the direction of Rev. C.
E. Kennedy, is preparing a fine pro
gramme for the concert, which precedes .
the military evolutions, and several inter
esting features, such as guard mount, set
ting-up exercises and saber drill will re
lieve the competitive drill.
The board of officers has decided that
the annual encampment will be held in
Napa. beginning July 13, and that the
tented city will be known as Camp Power,
in honor of Colonel Power, whose illness
prevents his active participation in the
work of the regiment.
Commander and Staff, Officers.
The officers of the regiment are:
Colonel, Edward J. Power; lieutenant col
onel, D. J. McGloln; majors— D. C. Deasy,
James E. Power. John P. Duffy; major and
Burgeon, Dr. J. G. MorrlsRey; captain and as
sistant surgeon. Dr. J. F. Sullivan; captain
and adjutant, Peter J. Hasgerty; captains and
inspectors— John T. Donahue, James H. Scan-
Ian, F. J. Carroll: first lieutenant and com
missary, Thomas J. Beanson;' flrst lieutenant
and quartermaster, William H. Beasley; flrst
lieutenant and battalion adjutants— F. I. Gon
zelez, George F. Welch, John H. O'Brien;
sergeant major, Thomas A. Deasy; commissary
sergeant. Lesier Coghlan; quartermaster ser
geant, David Torres; color sergeants — George
V. Shaw, Joseph Merrill; battalion sergeants
major— Leo Gonzales, Thomaa Phelan, F. A.
Duffy.
Company Oincsrs. »
Company A — Captain, Dr. W. C. Hopper;
San Francisco.
SACRAMENTO. April 25.—At to-day's
session of the State Convention of the
California Sunday School Association San
Francisco was chosen as the place for
holding the convention In 1902.' The bay
city's claims were presented by A. A.
McCurdy and the Rev. F.' B. Cherington
of the Plymouth Congregational Church
of fean Francisco. The Rev. Mr. Cher
lngton - pledged San Francisco to the
amount of $500 with which to defray the
expenses of the convention. Stockton
made a bid for the convention next year,
but withdrew for San Francisco. The
following officers were chosen for the en
suing year:
.'President, the Rov. M. W. White. San Fran
; Cisco; Vice president, the Rev. L. M. Walters,
Fresno;' second vice president, Phllo Phelps,
Sallnaa; third vice president. A. A. McCurdy.
San Francisco: fourth vice president. C. C.
I>ombard, Oakland; general secretary. Earl S.
BlnBham, San Jose; assistant secretary, Hiss
Nellie M.' Ball. San Jose; statistical secretary,
Mrs. Charlfs Harp. Stockton: treasurer. J. V.
Bacon, Oakland: superintendent ' of primary
work. Miss Helen Babb. San Jose; superintend
ent of:. home department, the Rev. J. E.
Squires, ColuFa; superintendent of normal
work, Henry T. Plant, Saratoga. , , • •
Executive committee (1902)—S. W. Mack,
Gonzales; C. B. Perkins, • San Francisco; the
Rev. F. H. Maar. Redwood City; the Rev.
W. C. Sherman, Sacramento.
Executive committee (19C3)—C. M. Campbell,
Sacramento; the Rev. J. J. Morgan, Wood
land: the Rev. T. S. Young, San Jose; Jerome
L. Vanderwerker, San Jose.
Executive committee (1904)—The Rev. E. Ne
lander, San Francisco; G. A. Caoen, Sacra
mento; the Rev. C. W. Jopaon; the Rev. Alfred
Kummer, San Jose. ¦ •
After the adoption of the report the
resignation of.: the Rev. AJfred' Kummer
of San Jose as a member of the execu
tive committee for 1904 was read. " The
matter,- after considerable discussion, was
referred to the executive committee for
action.
The convention adjourned sine die to
night. ¦ ¦
Millar Elected Secretary.
NEW YORK, April 25.—At a meeting of
directors of the Southern Pacific Railroad
to-day Alexander C. Millar was elected
secretary of the company. Millar is also
secretary of the Union Pacific Railroad
Company.
Association Decides That the Next
I Convention Will Be Held in
OFFICERS ARE' NAMED -
BY THE SUNDAY-SCHOOLS
Prizes— T. B. Slevin. Joseph Doran. John
Mu stan. J. W. Butterworth. John O'Connor
H. F. Wynne. John O'Brien. Leo Baarala, Frank
Merrill, G. B. Crawford, Hu&h McCabe. E J
O'Rourke. S. B. Erlncatt. Ed Devlin. E.
.d'Artenay. Stephen Byrne. James Sullivan
Professor M. J. Hewlett. Phil Dugan. Thomas
Cavanausrh, M. J. Gannon. Alex McNIcol!
Daniel Reardon, Thomas Cusack, William
Doyle and William Splaine. •
Reception— James Butler, Richard Curtis'
John McCarthy, D. Courneen, P. Ash. J c
Flood. J. F. Rellley. C. W. frogan. P. Sulli
van, J. P. Jourden. Phil O'Donnell. J. if.
McCarthy, Thomas E. Curran, J. B. VIzzard"
Frank McAleer, J. C. Culllsran, P. Keenan M*
J. Hurley. Captain C. D. Dougla*s. John Ma
lone.~ J. F. Marshall. Edward Fennessy. • Jame*
O'Connor, George Ryan, James Hlckey and J.
Ingram.
Grounds and transportation — John Kenney
Lawrence J. Cull. John E. Behan. Thomas
Doyle, Joseph I. Twohlff.
Games— T. B. Slevin, H. Pinkham. Joseph
Burke. James Wagner,- Captain H. Power P
R. Ward. Thomas O. Magulre. '
Printing — Thomas Doyle. J. M. Hlckey M
Reardon, George F. Welsh. D. J. Wren. '
Press— E. .D. Sullivan, I* J. Dwyer, P. J
HaKfferty. J.E. Behan. Dr. Grlffln.
Tickets — Thomas R. Curtla.
Music— P. J. Curtis. Dr. H. Lagan. James J
Donovan. W. W. Grlffln.
Floor— J. E. Welsh, J. C. O'Donnell, D. Go«-
Kin Jr.. Joseph Kendrick, Arthur Qranvilie
T. B. Mealy. Lieutenant John Keefe, Edward
Drew.
General committee— D. F. Keefe, chairman:
T. B. Slevln, vice chairman; Dr. J. H. Doyle
secretary; P. Biggins, treasurer.
The committees having In charge the
annual outing of St. Peter's parish were
announced yesterday. The outing, which
is expected to surpass all former efforts
of Its kind, will be held at Sunset Park,
Santa Cruz Mountains, on June 20, and
will be under the immediate direction of
the Rev. Father. Casey and the Rev. Fath
er yorke. The committees are as. follows:
Parishioners "Will Enjoy Themselves
in Santa Cruz Mountains
on June 20.
COMMITTEES ANNOUNCED
TOR ST. PETER'S PICNIC
"Because he failed to » provide for me
and our child." said Mrs. Gardiner to
day, "I was compelled to get this money
to keep us from starvation. It was used
to buy food for ray baby and myself. Mr.
Speck turned me out of doors and I was
left to shift for myself."
The young woman was arraigned to
day in the Police Court, her ball belns
fixed at $500. The case was continued un
til Saturday to be set for hearing.
The mortgage was signed by "Mrs.
Helen Speck." It bore Interest at the
rate of 3 per cent a month. When Gar
rett started to foreclose upon the mort
gage he discovered, he alleges, that thern
was no Mrs. Helen Speck in law and that
the maker of the obligation and security
had no title to the goods she had pledged.
So the money lender laid his case before
the prosecuting attorney and a warrant
was Issued for the young^ woman's ar
rest.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
111S Broadway, April 25.
Helen Gardiner. 22 years old. is regis
tered at the Oakland City Prison under
the najne of Helen Speck, accused by Jo
siah Garrett of having fraudulently ob
tained $60 from him by mortgaging house
hold furniture which was not her prop
erty. A. M. Speck, a San Francisco real
estate dealer, asserts claim to the goods,
which have been a part of the furnish
ings at 1247 Pearl street. Alameda, Speck's
residence. The prisoner declares that for
four years she has borne Speck's ' name,
although not legally entitled to it.
Her story is that last May,, shortly be
fore she, with her child, separated from
Speck, she was compelled to raise some
money. To Garrett, through James
Nairne, a broker, she made the applica
tion and secured the money, giving the
mortgage upon the - furniture, to which
she believed she had a moral claim.
Helen Gardiner Pleads She
Is the Victim of J- a ¦'
• Man's Wrong.
Young "Woman Goes to
Jail on Account of
a Mortgage.
BORROWED GOLD
CAUSES ARREST
ST. LOUIS, April 23.— Because an em
ploye remains In the employ of the com
pany when he knows that a risk is as
sumed by so doing does not relieve the
employer of the responsibility if acci
dents occur. This is the gist of an opin
ion handed down by the United States
Court of Appeals in the case of the South
ern Pacific Company, plaintiff In error,
against Katie "Xeargin, as administratrix
of the estate of T. J. Yeargin, deceased.
; The suit was originally filed in the Fed
: eral court of Utah by Katie Yeargin.
who sought to recover damages for the
, death \ of her husband, who was an en-
I gineer on the Southern Pacific Railroad
until killed In 1899 in collision with a
"helper" engine.
Judgment in the lower cotfrt was given
for Mrs. Yeargin, and from this the com
pany appealed on a writ of error. One of
the instructions which the defendant
asked the .Judge to give the jury was
that Schriver, engineer of the
, was a fellow servant, and It it was prov
en that his fault caused the injury, the
plaintiff could not recover. The lower
court refused. •
\ Judge Amos Thayer, who wrote the
opinion of the appellate, court, held that
the lower court was correct. in this, and
said that if the "helper" engine had had
a headlight, which could have been seen
two miles and a half, instead of one that
could be seen only 250 yards, Yeargin
might have seen it in time to have stopped
his train and avoided the accident. The
trial court had refused to instruct the
jury that if Yeargin knew that it was the
practice of the defendant company to use
°? T an ordin ary lantern on the rear of
the helper" ; engine, when It was. run
ning backward; he- with this knowledge
.assumed ;the 'risk Incident Uo it. : Judge
Thayer said jthat, if. such was'upheld it
would enable employers to avoid the per
formance of the duty they owe to iheir
employes to exercise reasonable care In
providing them with tools, machinery and
appliances ordinarily safe and adapted to
tho uses to which they are to be applied.
_ The opinion stated that, .as the record
alEclosed.no error, the decision of the
lower,' court would be affirmed:
Justice Sanborn, dissenting, held that
the railroad company was not guilty of
negligence. that the accident was
ca^ se 3, h . y the act of a fellow servant,
and that, accordingly, the case should
have been reversed. .. .. y '
Railroad Is Liable for
Accident to an Em
ploye.
Important Law Point Decided
in the Case of an Engi
neer Who Was Killed.
RESPONSIBLE
FOR THE RISK
The National Homes for the Care of
Disabled Soldiers and Sailors ¦ are
governed by a board of managers, of
which the President of the United States,
the Chief Justice of the United States Su-
I preme Court and the Secretary of War are
j ex-officio members. The president of the
board Is General M.T. McMahon of New
York. Accompanied by General Charles
M. Anderson of Ohio and Colonel George
W. Steele of Indiana, also of the board of
managers, the president visited the home
at Santa Monica last week and was grati
fied to note a marked Improvement in the
appearance and management of the In
stitution. The governor of the Santa
Monica home. General O. H. La Grange,
was spoken of as an able officer.
Last Wednesday General McMahon,
Colonel Steele and General Anderson
visited the Veterans' Home, Napa County,
an institution-jointly sustained by the
United States and the State of California,
Eight hundred veterans are cared for at
this home. The visiting managers made
a thorough tour of the premises. 1 They
inspected the quarters, the dam, the reser
voir, ice plant, engines and electric plant,
laundry, farm, hospital, 4ining-room, ba
kery, canteen, water pipe system, library,
social hall, cottages, barracks. barn,
dairy, poultry and livestock. When the
tour of duty was ended they said without
hesitancy that the institution was the
best State home In the United States. In
point of natural scenery and advantages
the home at Bath, Me., was the only one
comparable to it. It was found that the
home at Napa was conducted on the lines
established tor the government of national
institutions. General McMahon remarked
that not a word of fault could be xound.
Instead of giving suggestions, he thought
the national board might gain points in
sonw of the features of hospital manage
ment at the California home. He highly
commended the officers. Colonel George
W. Walts, commandant; Major C. E.
Graham, adjutant; Major Thomas A.
Keables. medical director; Captain W. F.
McAllister, assistant medical director, and
Captain J. J. Lyon, quartermaster and
commissary.
The visiting managers recommend
ed a site for the new hospital. The
I/eglslature recently appropriated $25,000
1 for the extension of the hospital accom
' modations and the Governor approved the
allowance.
General McMahon and his associates
were escorted to the Presidio yesterday by
General Shafter. They started for New
York last evening in their private car.
On their way to the Atlantic they will
visit Leavenworth. Kans., Marion, Ind.,
and Milwaukee, Wis. /•
California Home in the Napa
Valley Is Highly Com
• . . mended.
Managers of the Na
tional Board Visit
the Veterans.
OFFICIAL TOUR
OF INSPECTION
At a preliminary meeting held last even
ing at the rooms of the Union League
Club in the Palace Hotel steps were taken
to form a permanent organization among
the Republicans of this city. The meet
ing was addressed by Attorney General
Tirey L. Ford. He called attention to the
lack of permanent organization. The
I nion League left plenty of room for a
similar organization, especially among
the younger men, he said. The trend of
national development is westward—al
ways westward. The meeting was also
addressed by Deputy Attorney General
Abbott and Norman W. Hal!. A commit
tee of arrangements, consisting of N. "W
Hall, John S. Gibson", Frank Van Duzer,
lierbert F. True, William Abbott, J. B.
I.^mon. Louis Welncr and Harold
Schwartz wai« appointed. Permanent or-
Kanizatlon will be effected May 9.
Next Club in Prospect.
"I regard Governor Hill as the ablest
Of Democratic leaders. His popularity is
on the increase rather than on the decline.
Political questions have seldom come up
for discussion on my trip across the con
tinent, but 1 have heard many expres
sions of opinion regarding I>a\id B. Hill's
special fitness for leadership in the re
organization of the Democratic party. In
my judgment the party will return to the
advocacy of sound money principles, and
1 believe Governor Hill is in position to
exert a vast influence In the direction of
effective reorganization. It is early to
speak of campaign issues three years
ahead, but Democrats throughout the
country perceive that steps must be taken
to readjust affairs within the party. I
know that Governor Hill has been criti
cised for lending his support to Mr. Bryan
in the late campaign, but he was bound
in honor to follow the course which he
pursued. The questions involved were
submitted to the judgment of the people
and we all know the result. Democrats
pronounced against the departure of the
party from its true principles. ... -a
"Mr. Bryan has still a following, but it
is fragmentary, and I fancy that he will
not encourage his followers to resist par
ty reorganization on true lines. Governor
Hill ifc a wise and patient leader. He can
.afford to wait. He Is not ambitious, but
he li> ready to serve his country and the
party to which he belongs. He was not
ambitious to become United States Sena
tor. I happened to be in the Legislature
when he was chosen and knew then that
his personal inclinations were not consid
ered. In New Tork he is stronger than
ever. Thoughtful Democrats throughout,
the country' are looking ahead for a gTeat
leader and their thoughts turn to Gov
ernor Hill."
General Martin T. McMahon. Judge of
ihc Court of General Sessions, New York,
nr.d president of the National Board of
Managers for Soldiers' Homes, arrived In
i he city last Tuesday and left for Leav
enworth. Kans., last evening. General
McMahon In the New York Legislature
earnestly and successfully supported I>a
vid B. Hill for United States Senator. His
admiration for the ex-Governor of the
Empire State has not been diminished by
rtcent political events. At the Palace
Hotel yesterday he was asked if Mr. Hill
retained his prestige in New York as a
popular leader and Democratic organizer.
General McMahon replied:
Popularity of Ex -Governor
of the Empire State'
Increasing.
Democrats in Adversity
Turn to New York
Leader.
DAVID B. HILL
COMING MOSES
±t±E s an ]m a^uisco c A'iiXi,' fk j jj A r ¦; writ 'in 2 1>, i ?o i i
Annual Competition for League of the Cross Trophy, Will
Be Held in Mechanics' Pavilion May 17. Company D,
Present Holder of the Prize, Must Look to lts ! Laurels.
CADETS WILL DRILL FOR TROPHY
DURING THE PRESIDENT'S VISIT
FRIDAY evening, May 17, has been
fixed as the date for the annual
competitive drill and concert of the
League of the Cross Cadets In Me
. chanics' Pavilion. The event will
be of special importance this year, as it
will take place during the, week that the
President will be In the city, and thou
sands of visitors will be In town in con
sequence, many of whom will attend the
drill.
Company T> has won the elegant trophy
twice, but a number of companies have
already given practical assurance that D
will not take :t for the third time without
putting up a better drill than ever before.
Regular army drillmasters have " the fif
teen companies that compose the regiment
in charge, and drills are held two and
flrst lieutenant. P.. H. McCarthy; second lieu
tenant. J. H. Wilson. s ¦
Company B— Second lieutenant. E. F. Glen
non. ' •
Company C— Captain, Philip L. Bannan; first
lieutenant. F. Dougherty; second lieutenant,
William J. Qulnn.
Company D— Captain, I. D. Dwyer; flrst lieu
tenant, F. A. McCarthy; second lieutenant,
James E. McCormick. • • ¦
Company TS— First lieutenant; George Kelly.
Company F — Carrtain," M. F. Hynes; second
lieutenant, J. Henry Sheehan. '
' Company G-rCantaln, James Toohey; first
lieutenant, F. J. Colligan; eacond lieutenant,
J. F. Nolan. . . ¦
Company H— CaDtain, Thomas EccI**: flrst
lieutenant, J. Daly; ¦ second lieutenant, S
Rellly.
Company I— Captain, Henry Power; flrst lieu
tenant, J. B. Waters; second • lieutenant, J.
. Keef c.
Company K — Cartain, J. H. Rellly; first lieu
tenant, AI Hanley; second lieutenant, Thomas
E. Johnston. -¦> v « ¦ -•; ':
11
cTHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FBIDAY, APK1L 26, ••1901.
12
SAN FIlAJfCISCO CALL.
BUEINESB OFFICE of Th* Svx Francl»co
Call, corner of Market and Third «treeti; open
until li o'rlock fvery niclit In iho year.
UJtAA'CJI OKFJCnK— 127 Montgomery etreet,
corner Cl«y; open until l»:30 p. in.
J00 Jlnyr* »trect; oj>rn until f:3<» p. m.
f.SJ McAlltftfr airfri; open until »;S0 p. tn.
fli l-.ii km »treet; cp«a until »:30 p. m.
if.4l MlMian »tr»*t: open until JO p. m.
rrtl Market •trert, com»r Sixteenth; open
until I p. tn.
JOB !>vffilh Hreet; open until » P. m.
JOM Valencia »ir*ri; fprn unll • p. m.
Northwmt corner Tw«»nty-fc»ooniJ and Ktn-
turky »tr»«.l«; or^n until » p. .in.
MISISTIMi M)Tini3l. ,
"cALirSnNIA'ri.iMini.nd^ry No. 1. K.
T » i-,.,, ,1 iirrni.i a*«»mbly 'iiiirt nap
irhir>AY» i:vi;ninu. 7:»» ovine*. rjJ
? iidfr of in* Tempi*. All fraler* rnr- W
nlally InvitH. llv ivder ef ih« fun* w
u'j'li' .1IIIUM T. «»n_AVJi«. . !»*;-»rrt«r.^
r-'AN rilAM'lHi'n <'lm|,t<-r N" '. l'n>»l •
Ar<*h M«»o»», «'IH lli«et TO. PAT M
1 KJA'riurkp 1,1 . ¦¦¦ mm.»'.,i tin. riHi-iMi /wT
of nur deeKiw.il ruinpiinloii, i'lllv'^ '
nlViHi; i: HMJTJI, ..___^_
m ..tn..i» i.t.o n(»m».»r« m« reii'fff-
fully i«<uu»*trd »« ¦»»»mli|* "I «h» M« /\J\
fnfp 1>ln|»l^. KIUI»AY, Awll J», •' '
J ISO p. in., ft.r «»i» tuifpon* of «t«»nd n« Jh»
;<<¦>-,^,\r. ,,t OUI' UI" m irlBM. I'l.lli'l
T,,m «¦ ««ITII^ wy . WTp||A1<< w ,
HAN KftANVU«cH"T»nt tin. J». K.
7>, T. M.-n»v|»w TJI1B iKAIUAT) /mW&
j.vrr.MNM el » o'clock, rionfrr /?rJcvlt\
) " 11 ' U lluMh Ji: If. rArn.r:. Wg§
ll»cord K»*p»r.
AlJTbofTtMarV* tm'ir»ii>(l in altrnd nt narl*
i*mi Hall riTJDAT, April M, I l>. m. »hart»,
to form a union. . • ¦ - '
rAUUnrt Uopm*' ProtirTl~~A»iocl»tlon will
hold lb»lr mpptlng at >o: O'Fnrrell ft «t t:SO
p. W., HUNDAY, April I». All ttarbtr* «r«
InvitH in attrnd. Don't mill thta mfcttni*. ,
Importunt. _^^^__
ACIiM'S WAWTISU.
\''rinW^hXKlkt^i^tf^c\iyvi<i cnunty
to handle an automatic window cleaner, "Junt
t>«ti«nt#d." which *urpll<>H watrr. »Mlm and
rtrlen th» window; a quirk nctlcr and trtyid
rrontt; Rnall rapltal required: exclusive ter-
ritory er*ign«l; cull nt 413 Kearny ft. and
r»*l utmple by mall tl Z*. P. H. HAIIK18.
WANTED— A local ««-nt In ench townthlp to
rcll our up-to-date publications: goo<l r«-
inun»«-ntlon for first-clans people. Address
RTEi*HENSON, box 114. E«eramer.to, Cal.
PIG crimmis«lpn« paid pood agent* to w»ll etock
nf reliable oil company just organized. Room
413. Farrott building.
ASPHALTUM ROOKI.\G.
J. PELTIER, arphalt roofing, eldewalks .T*-
r»lrgd; postal. KM. Mission: tfl. Folfom I5C7.
ATTORXBYS AT JUAAV.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
no f<»e without success; collections. G. W. ,
HOWE, atty at law. S50 Market, cor. Stocktn.
ADVICE free; no charg-es unless (successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON, 927 Market St., opp. Mason.
L. S. CLARK. Emma f?preckel» bldg.. 927 Mar-
ket, st.: consultation free: no fees In advance.
ROAHDIYG rOK CHILOUEK.
CHILDREN wanted to board; good family. 22
Oneva 6t. •
WIDOW with a child wishes 2 or 3 children to
board: yard: best of care. 1607 California gt.
UUSIXKSS CHAXCES.
A— $1000; SALOON with 9 rooms. Surrounded
by factories, warehouses and lumber yards;
large transient trade; rrnt ?40. Call K. G.
V.ILTCE. 2614 Kearny 6t.
A— I300C; GROCERY store (without bar) doing
a large and profitable cash business; choicest
location in city. Particulars K. G. WILKE,
£6>s Kearny st.
A— $2000: BOARDING and livery stable. West-
ern Addition; net rent $4S: clearing above $150
pr month: large patronage: stock or buggies,
horses and harness first class. Call R. G.
W'iLKE. 26U Kearny Et. . .
A— $400: BRANCH bakery and delicacy store;
rmt J1S; living rooms; location can't be beat;
good business. Call R. G. WILKE. 264
Kearny st.
A -$750: STATIONERY, variety store; cigars
end ]ce cream; stock invoices 13000; must be
sold at once; owner engaged otherwise. Call
R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A-$1250: RESTAURANT and coffee saloon on
Kearny Et. ; rent $75; clearing $180 per month;
daily receipts about |60. Call R. G. WILKE.
26% Kearny st.
A— J20M; HOTEL of IS rooms, barroom, dining
hall, etc.; rent $75; place established many
. years; doing a steady, good -paying business;
rare chance for party epeaklng French and
German. R. G. WILKE. 26»i Kearny sL
A -1350; STATIONERY, candy and branch bak-
fry with living- rooms; corner: Western Ad-
dition; rent $10; good business; clean store.
Call R. G. WILKE. 26H Kearny st.
A -$4000; SALOON on Market st.; place estab-
lished many years and doing a large busi-
ness; net rent $135: tslcknes in family com-
pels owner to sacrifice; a mint. Call R. G.
WILKE. 20% Kearny st.
A— $2000; PARTNER wanted In eld established
flower store, with nursery, hothouse, etc.:
boilrr, horses, wagons, plants and trees of
all descriptions; established many years and
doing a money-making business. Particulars
R. G. WILKE. 26% Keamy St.
A — GROCERY and bar, receipts $1000 month.
STRAND & KAISER. 209 Kearny st.
A— BRANCH bakery and variety store; re-
ceipts $10 a day. STRAND & KAISER, 209
Kearny -st.
A— RESTAURANT: No. 1 location; receipts $45
day. STRAND & KAISER. 203 Kearny st.
A -SALOON: Third St.. near Market. For pai>
tloulars see STRAND & KAISER, 209 Kearny.
A— WE can sell your business quick for cash.
•STRAND & KAISER. 209 Kearny st.
$1500— PARTNER wanted; manufacturing busi-
ness; large eales; cash trade; staple goods.
Mclaughlin & co., 777% Market st.
1275— Millinery store: bargain; going East cause
of gale. McLAUGHLIN & CO.. 777% Market
J1KOO— DAIRY and milk route with cattle, near
<^ity: going to Europe cause of sale. Mc-
LAUGHLIN & CO.. 777% Market 6t.
A A A— MO CIGAR stands! 200 groceries and bars,
tSOO candy and ice cream stores. 500 restau-
rants, 500 stores of all kinds; partners wanted.
Parties with $100 up can be euited. If you
want to buy a business call and see us.
WALTER HAYES & CO.. S38 Market st.
FOR private sale; some of the best saloons In
the city. WALTER HATES & CO.. 838 Mkt.
two— SALOON; rare chance for the right man
to acquire a good-paying business; guarantee
J200 per month clear of all expenses; cheap
r^nt: 7 good living rooms; no better location
In the city. Business Board Trade, 326 Pine.
IF you want to sell your business immediately.
Business Board ot Trade, S26 Pine st.
2 RESTAURANTS: water front.:. $400 and $750
2 restaurants; Fourth st $400 and $S00
1 restaurant on Seventh st $1500
1 restaurant on Grant ave K... $900
Besides many others; also saloons, groceries,
lodging-houses. LUNDIN & CO.. 906 Market.
I HAVE bargains in groceries and bars, res-
taurants, bakeries, candies, cigars, notions
drug stores, etc. JOSEPH BAILIE, 769 Mkt!
A FINE restaurant: city front; $1500. JOSEPH
BAILIE. 753 Market Bt.' ; -
1250— PARTNER wanted In an old established
cash business; owner well known practical
business man; profits average $S0 a month
to each. Particulars with DONNELLY &
CO.. 632 Market Bt.
ItOO— HALF Interest In small patented Iron nov-
elty; good chance for business man who has
!;ad experience In Introducing patented ar-
articles. Box 4333. Call orHce.
WANTED— Editor and partner in "Weekly
Pun"; 500 subscribers; 6-column folio; new
plant on a solid basis: investment secured:
rrcellent chance. 100~.i Foleom st. near 6th.
OLD-ESTABLISHED and good paying bakery
«nil confectioners' : Western Addition- cause
yf selling, sickness. »14 Dcvisadero st.
PKSTAURANT to let— Opposite San Mateo R
R. Co.'s rarhouse. Inquire SMS San Jose ave.
CORNER ealoon for sale cheap. 229S San Jose
r.ve., orp^siie carfcouse.
FAI/5ON: old-establieheJ corner; 2 sunny llv-'
ing rooms; must sell; other business. 564 4th.
BARGA IX— Bakery, car.ay. stationery and <H-
B car store; <.heap. Apply 1030 Folsora' st.
PARTNER wanted; must be a good cook or
¦waiter. Box 4016, Call office.
A FIRST-CLASS new and second-liand ladies*
rlolhir.g store for *ale rheap. as the owner
»ias oth«r business; Ihe rent is chcAj) and lo-
«-at:on first-clas*. Apply 1C23 Folsom nt.
51,50 — PARTNER wanted: saloon. 640 Cpmuier-
<-ial tt.. second door from Kearny ; rent Jl'v.
LADY or rentleman partner with S2J00: pay In
installments of $.*M0 earn: $3Cy will earn
S1"0 iter month. Box 405?, Call.
i:r?t?PEcTTABLE lady of experience would like
tm manage a lodging-house; beet rpfereni-es.
MRS. M. ST. CLAIR. Arlington H««tel, Oakld.
A MAIL dock restaurant." doing a gooJ but,l-
nf-p* 1 . f"r "ale; acetiunt of otber business.*
Apply S?7 First *t. , .
FURNISHED bar»><>r shop to let. SE. corner
Turk and Scott sts. .
nUSIXESS cnANCKS Continued.
$3000— rURNITURB »tore In bf«t bu«Ine»« town
on coatt; rttabilflieil 17 year*; racrlnced In
ord*r to clote '-»ihu ; expense of investtsatton
raid by us If nut found a* reprcnented.
HOnN,.SOrX)MON JzJ:*^' J° Kearny »t.
WE havo two »hoe ¦tores for sal* nt nearly In-
voice price; rail and »:«•! pnrtlculari; It will
i.ay you. HOllN, BOLOMON & CO,, 30
Krarny It,
WIlViKM or lialf"lnterMt Tn w«ll-»tocU*d payln*
Awe atora on Market at.; rent only IC ; good
lease; owner leavlni city on account <>' ni« ¦:<-
nr«a; a bonu-ndo bnrcaln. HOllN, HOLOMON
K- CO., 10 Kearny it,
HTiiAM laundry, new marlilnery, fnr aul*. $1400;
nr owner will «tll half Intereit to rood lm»l-
nrr» nian for I"""; will guarantee $110 to |]<V)
it 11, in, i!i. IliiKN, HuLti.MDN ti CO., 80
Kearny at.
WHOMJSALTJ 'llquor*«tnri>Te»tabiuhedU >far«;
(Jolnc ¦» t.ii»inr-»» of 140,000 per year: boeka
npen-io ttiM.r-.Miiin 10 reliable p«r«l»«; terma
if iir»>tr.i: a rare liarsaln, JlOHN. f'Ji.o.
MQN ft co,, jo Konrny rr,
»0O-lUiT('lil'Ur»nep and tradei fine hxtur«i;
coat nrnre than prluo anhmi to fit up. I1O11N,
NOI/OMHN A «'(!„ 80 Kenrny at.
Jjwi 'iii''M!HAI< i««r '.'ImiKilip* itera fop eale"«1
a kni<rlOra; |p|riihun<» *xoh8ine'rei1up«i rtnt
<ft t!8. 1IOIIN, WJLOMON *Ji n " 80 KPomy.
WIIISN you want tn •>«!! nr buy h |.«vihh bukl*
i.-»» cull Oh lluiiN, riij.ii.M«iN A CO,, 30
K*arey it.i t«l, Main U04.
OW>.T:HTAi'«ri»'irBinivary. Teardui* a.nd »*U
rlnl'l"; t7 li'Mprp, i", l.< nnilna h'oinii, 4 ItBCkH,
M IxiiiairK, i .mi., 3 waaolia, IT **ti doiibl*
ntul «Tna*l* liarn***, liUnlteii, robat, nhltm.
haltrra and •v*rythlna: nncrtMry tn rmidurt
Ilia ImnlnriiM', IhrOttl* I ' |mr linmlli i r»|.n!inn«
MM| will Itivaniory |:o"ij inlrw l,'.hOfl! nwin-r
in mi s.i tn IiniiniuiH. t 'nil inn Htoukton at,,
b«t_w»»ii lirnMdnrayjind Vall»)o. ¦ ¦
roil BALtB-A well-eatablliheit iror«ry and
K«n*r»l m«rchandlia bu*ln"ii in OaKland,
c.'al.i will Mil for co*t iiri-n of itoek, which
will Inventory for about 14000; aplandld op*
I'mi-i unity for an artlvn buslneai* nmni in-
anna for •xlllnc. alcltneaa; (irlnclpali only
•till b* ii'Mli with. Tor imrttrulara cm .1.
V. PTTIKHT, Attorney nt Law, roomi It and
IT. US Uroidway, Oakland. Oal.
OALOON nn<1 BnMrn»: mtubllnh'd «nJ kept by
prevent i«ii»i- S( y«a.T>; rutirlns nccount old
»v>. lire* ground*, bta-.treeiv nlr-o tablea,
bench*!, barns; few mllci from S. F,; town
SOoO: rhrtr>; faro a:.<: round trip: nrnr it. it,
atatlon: factorlea; good plare for bun rlde*.
mhhII tilrnlca, rtc; i..irllculnin tn re*tv>ni>lbl4
partlce: no n^entR. A. C. CLA1UC, S22 Third.
WANTtiD-Criersrettc man with 13500 to buy an
rid reliable patent medicine bUBlneas. Includ-
Init etock, formulaa. secreti", etc.. owing de-
purture owner. Pleaae cull from 4 to I) p. m.,
MendeO Pharmacy, corner Washlnffton and
Broderlck tU,
$250— TAILOR bunlnenn; no better location In
the city; is positively worth over four tlmea
amount npkpd: but it must go Immediately;
rent is very W\v; pstabllshed 12 years. In-
quire on premises, 603 Suiter et.
Will" not stop In at SMITHS' and get a box of
their fine French mixed candy? 3iic box; fresh
overy day: full line of Lowney's pkg. candles.
25 Market et. SMITHS' Department Store.
EHOE store for sala In San Rafael; money-
maklnfc place for a shoemaker. For particu-
lars apply to MAGNES. SEIBERLICH SHOE
CO., 35 Second st,. San Francisco.
TVELL equipped French hand laundry: ex-
clusive cash patrons; without competition;
pood profit; poor health cause of sale. Ad-
drfss box 2S25, Call office.
FOR «a4e, or will take partner In delivery
business. Address box 4061, Call. ' ¦
BAKERY and restaurant for sale cheap on
account of Ill-health. Box 4019, Call office.
AN old-established fine paying grocery and
bar; on account of departure. 1315 Mission.
FOR Sale— Good Ealoon: cheap; proprietor goes
to Germany. Box S73S, Call office.
5123 — PARTNER wanted In restaurant: fine
bu». ; no exp.; clears $30 mo. 49C Fourth st.
RESTAURANT for sale cheap, with living
rooms; complete. 136 Second st.
OLD-ESTABLISHED mechanics' boarding and
lodging house for gale. Apply Call office.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
SELECT A HOUSE FROM ALL !
..'....THE BARGAINS IN THE CITY
10 rooms; rent $27 50 $350
S rooms; Ellis st 400
16 rooms; corner; fine for transient 1000
10 rooms; on Eddy st., near Market BOO
14 rooms; on Third st.. near Market * 550
14 rooms; on Mission st 650
40 rooms; rent $60; clears $150 1000
24 rooms; north of Market; clears $200 '2000
27 rooms; just finished: very fine 2800
20 rooms; on Geary St.; clears $135 2400
44 rooms: positively the best; clears $300. 3700
SO-room boarding-house: clears $600 8000
S-room flat; sunny side TOO
6-room flat; very good 325
500 other houses. 3 to 700 rooms.
ABSTRACTS FREE. PHONE MINT 796.
$100,000 to loan at V& per cent.
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market St., opp. 5th.
A. CAMERON & CO.,
850 Market St. and 8 Stockton st.
Rooms 21, 22 and -3. Phone Bush S2S.
If you have hotel, rooming-house or busi-
ness to sell list with us. We have cash cus-
tomers for all sizes and prices.
. £3 rooms; downtown; modern apartment
houee; clears $300 . per month; first-
class investment $3400
31 rooms; business center: offices; good.. 1800
12 rooms; rent $50; oak furniture 1000
46 rooms; rent $175; cor.: clears $200 5000
11 rooms; rent $40; fine home; piano S50
10 rooms: elegant residence; partly fur.. 750
34 rooms; rent $150; elegantly furnished;
paying house; good perm, and trans... 2650
MARION GRIFFIN By Call bldg.
719 Market St.; money to loan; tel. Black 1S03.
90 rooms on Market St.; low rent 16500
21 rooms on Eddy st.; full 1400
21 rooms; comer; good furniture S00
15 rooms; good; quite central $50
60 rooms; clearing UEO per month 3500
16 rooms; O. K. ; housekeeping 1000
14 rooms; transient; fair furniture 650
18 rooms; corner; fine rak fur.; fine bus.. 1550
26 rooms on Larkin St.; rent $90 2000
10 rooms; 2 blocks of Market; rent $35 S00
40 rooms; full; north Market; rent $120... 1900
12 rooms: boarding-house; fine.... 1400
17 rooms; central; 1 floor; clears $75 mo.. 500
SELECT YOUR HOUSE FROM THE
LARGEST LIST IN TOWN.
6 rooms; excellent furn.; cheap rent... $200
15 rooms; rent $41 50; good location 475
21 rooms; downtown; clears $100 mo.... 1,000
55 rooms; fine cor.: apartment house... 2,600
102 rooms; biggest money-maker in city. 6,750
14S rooms; particulars given bus." people. 25,000
Hundreds to choose from ...$100 to $100,000
Also boarding-houses and country hotels.
Bee our special bargain list before buying.
WALTER HAYES & CO., 83S Market st.
FISHER & CO.. 935 Market St., opp. Mason.
48 rooms; north of Market: only $1600
.16 rooms; Hyde: very finely furnished 600
20 rooms; rent $50: location desirable 900
If & bargain we have them at any~price.
STYLISH furnished sunny corner; oak folding
beds; good carpets and bedding; income $100:
rent $25; owner purchased store and must sell
regardless of price. FISHER, 935 Market st.
WINSTON & WOLF. 1026 Market Et.
63 rooms; cheap rent; for $3250
W> rooms: corner: part cash ».... 2600
82 rooms; rent $43; clears $100 1200
26 rooms; corner: $500 cash 1100
17 rooms; rent $50; $500 cash ; 1100
600 other houses foi: sale. .
i Money on furniture at V& per cent.
18 ROOMS; Mission St.; rent $60; price $725.
12 rooms; Mason st.; rent $45; price $750.
35 rooms on Howard; rent $S0: price $1000.
19 rooms on Grant ave.; rent $75; price $1500.
13 rooms on Eddy; rent T58; price $650.
13 rooms: Pine; elegantly fur.: rent $50: $1200.
EUREKA REAL ESTATE. 28 Sixth st.
LODGING-HOUSES, boarding-houses and ho-
tels to suit every buyer; this office is licensed;
I am established since 1S92; I loan money to
buyers; general satisfaction guaranteed. Call-
G. W. SCHWEINHARD, phone Mint 1311.
Rooms 1, 2, I^o. 917 Market st.. opp. Mason.
$300— LODGING-HOUSE. 14 rooms ; very cheap
rent; water free; pays good profit. HORN
SOLOMON & CO.. 30 Kearny st.
FOR sale— 10-room rooming-house; 12S^ Ninth
st; good location and cheap rent; rooms all
rented.
SNAP— $300: modern rooming house of 9 rooms,
1 b'.rck Van Ness and Market; north side;
rent $25. Box S826. Call office.
A GOOD list of lodging-houses from $250 to
tS500. JOSEPH BAILIE. 759 Market st.
14 ROOMS; central; transient; neatly furnished;
rent $40: bargain. Dcnnelly Co.. 632 Market.
—————————
AFTER a severe illness, Mrs. Dr. Farnham. the
¦wcrld-renovned spiritual' medium: advice in
all affairs in life; lawsuits, divorces, deaths;
unites the separated; mining a specialty; cir-
cles Sun.. Wed.. Kri. eve.; letters answered.
Resld. (no signs). 513 Eddy, bet. Hyde-Larkin.
A-MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, business
medium, life reader, medical clairvoyant; sit-
tings II. 11G4 O'Farrell, nr. Go^gli; Ellis car.
C. V. MILLER'S seance to-night. S o'clock.
50c: to-morrow, 12 o'clock. Mother Sadie
. seance. 10S4 Bush st.
KATIE HECSSMANN. symbol question circle
to-night. 25c. 124 RussSt., off Howard. •
MRS. -DUNHAM. 14 McAllister tit., room C5;
circles to-<lay, Z.nnd.S i>. nu; sittings, daily.
MRS. LOUISE S. DREW, Psychic, , Electric
and Magnetic Healer. Room 14. 305 Larkin st.
Mli.S. GII.LINGHAM will read s^alPd questions
and flowers. 8 p. m.. 10c. COS Larkin srt.
EARLE. «22 Oeary St.. telephone Polk 1297—
Readings daily; seances Tues.. Thurs. & Sun.
PKOK. OI-1E. r»-adiii«re. L. 60c: «. 'Jl; mail. SI;
cir. Tucs.. Thurs.. Sal:. 8 p. m.: lftc. 513 Jones.
.FRIENDSHIP 'Hall. 335 McAllister— Mrs. C.'j.'
Meyer; sittings dally; tests to all to-night; 10c.
* *
? nil** /.uitii ... immnfofflni.Ht-. . id«»m m. ftiNcu : t |
j I AHLBORN HOUSE I \
4 31 9, 321 «nd 32) GRANT AVENUE, Bctwttn Sutler tni Duih Streets 1
I I 1 1 11 mm ¦ {)
II ThiLrWInf, B«il ArrdnHi tniWonCtnittif LouM Pimllr Houhntlii Oiy, Ci*4ut\ti on thi Aimriua 1
, n.d bNftit run Moitn Qmnnknut RttinmbU R*tu Sp«ei»l Ril«. fe> I'imJIm inj llif ' . ,
r<rtlu, rrw Cei<h M tni Inn ill Trtini tni Siimm ,
\\ MUNQKR ft ZltllERQ, PWOPRIUVORJ*' > 1
:: '— =sa^-~ gtM&w^^Q^^^sM ;:
• ••?¦•¦•••• • ?-•••¦•?••.?• 4 ¦••?••.•-?••• ?.••?»«. * •« • ??.•.•••.•¦»-•••?• ••*¦••
oi.a in vo v.vvrn. >
MMls.'lTrn'HnNA'uD. r m „
TH10 KAMOUB
cintrvnyimt and bu*ln*«i medium, p»nn«n*nt»
I v Inrntn.i at 17 Third »t., next Kxamlnnr IiMr,
Him tniidii your lift* correctly, «lv*» mi n.<'i<in -
nt» tirniTiin Inn of Hi" i»i«i, i-km'iiIh tho pr«»i>nt
Imtipenlwri niM j.m u.ijh nventi to ocaur In tha
future, l r you ern In trouble dlHcnntriUcd, tin*
liAtipy or not *atlnflt>d In life, or hnvo ttomei-
tlc, love or tmilnpRP troubles, tuimnlt tlilnm-nit
iiifflluin nnd you will he told how to over-
cnins tlifiii. Valuable rilvlc- In all nITftlrii of
1 ' f ".L?.! 3 . _" P L !? * r l e - c * _ M fj ' ! j -Mg." gu tt rB " ' P<H> '
MKS. im. F. CLARK, the well-known tmnee
mniHiiin. In i>rriiiiiiii-nily located at 1200 Mar-
ket H., eorner Uoldrn Onto nve. , room* 23
nnd 20; ttdto elevator. Perfect cat Infliction
guaranteed by nmll; renrl stamp for pamphlet
with special tcrmn. Dally and Sunday.
MM IS. AUNDT, the great clairvoyant, tells pnst
nnd future; never falls; has the greatest Egyp-
tian secret; shows picture of future husband
or wife; fees 25o up: oat 1st action to every-
body; tips on races. 215V4 HlJtth st. •-,.»-:
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil— second sight;
diagnoses disease with life reading; ladles SOc,
gents Jl: palm, and clatr. sit. $1 GO. 126 Turk.
MME. TRUE, clairvoyant card reader, has re-
¦ turned from the East; will be pleased to see
her friends at 401 Oak st.
1 ISM A 11, the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 1148 Market, op.
6th; private readings dally,*10 a. m. to 6 p. m.
MME. GYEISN, trance, business medium, life
reader, medical clairvoyant; office hours 1 to
6 and 7 to 9 p. m. lOOS 1^ Market st.
MME. LAROSE. be6t clairvoyant, card reader,
test medium; 25c up. 472 Stevenson st.,cor.6th.
MME. ZEREDA,\ the gypsy: palmist: card
reader; 25c up; leaves May 20. 7 Seventh St.-
MRS. MALLORY, clairvoyant, card reader;
when others fail consult me; 23c. 125 Sixth.
MRS. MELVILL. well-known clairvoyant. water
reader. 11 6th;German spoken ;teL Howard 1S4G.
YOUNG Miss Zemdar, clair., palmist; names
given; hours 10 to 9. 1203 Market St., cor. 8th.
MME. HANSON, palmistry, card reader; past,
present, future; 25c. 148 Sixth St., room. 14.
MME. SCHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader;
sittings dally. 448'/a Jessie st.. bet. 5th and 6th.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry; truth or no pay; 25c. 1143 Mission.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth Et.
CARPET BEATING AAD CLE.1NIKG.
WHEN you become disgrusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
ing' Works, 353-357 Tehama st. ; tel. South 40.
SANITARY cleaning and dyeing company. 342-
344 McAllister st.; phone South. 146.
CITY Steam Carpet-Beating Works. G. H.
STEVENS, mgr., 38-40 Sth St.; teL South 250.
J. E. MITCHELL, Carpet-Beating and Reno-
vatlng Co., 240 Fourteenth st. ; tel. Mission 74.
ADVANCE Carpet-Cleaning Co., 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM, Proprietor.
CARPETS cleaned at the lowest rates. STRAT-
TON, 3 Eighth st. ; telephone Jessie 914.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-Beating Works, 303 Golden
Gate ave. ; telephone East 126.
CHIROPODISTS.
CORNS, bunions, ingrown., nails, warts, chll-
blalns; painless cure. Dr.- Duncan, 415 Sutter.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY' P Agency— No charge un-
lesB successful. Room 310, 927 Market st.
COTTAGES TO LETT
$14— COTTAGE of 6 rooms, bath, laundry; large
ground and stable. 161S Sanchez St.
_
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, 809 Mar-
ket st., cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
53 60 up; plates, extractions free, $4 50 up; of-
fice hours, 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sundays, 9 to 2
p. m. J. W. THATCHER, M. P., Manager.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns,' plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions or fillings by my
wonderful secret, painless method; 20 years'
• experience; no students; advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady .. attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farreli at.
A— NEW unbreakable plate, the Rose Pearl,
warranted for 20 years,; crowns, J3 50; fillings,
60c; plates, $5; full &et; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 14«3 Market, nr. Eleventh
— No charge for extracting when . plates are
made; old plates made over like new;' teeth
from $8 per set; extracting, 60c; g_as given-..
EXPERT dentist In order to build up a prac-
tice will fill teeth, make plates, gold crowns
and. bridge work at bedrock prices; payments.
Office 1141 Polk St., cor. Sutter; open Sundays.
CURRY, "Dentist"; all work guaranteed. 214
McAllister St.; phone Mint 276.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. -Bush—
Full set of teeth, $4; crowns, t3; fillings, 25c.
DR. R. L. WALSH.815-4 Geary.nr.Larkln— Paln-
less extraction EOc; plates $5 up; phone Polk 1135.
DR. H. G. TRUMAN, dentist, third floor, Ex-
aminer building; formerly in Murphy: bldg.
LOWEST prices In S. F. Painless extraction,
60c. N. Y. Dentists, 969 Mission St., cor." 6th.
VAN VROOM— "Painless" ; evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market St., corner Sixth. •
SET of teeth without plates. DR. H. O.
. YOUNG, 1341 Polk st. r
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In the
* United States or Canada one year for $1. :
pnESSMAKERSAKD SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School—
Class rates; patterns cut. ' 1013 Market st .
ACCORDEON pleating; country orders prompt
. attention. 121 Post, over O'Connor & Moffatt.
EDUCATIONAL.
GALLAGHER-MARSH College, Parrott bldg.—
Shorthand, typing and bookkeeping; Robert
F. Gallagher, expert court reporter, teacher of
shorthand; reportorial phrasing taught; prac-
tlcal bookkeeping. . full course. $30; catalogue.*
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Post St.,
S. F. — Bookkeeping, shorthand, typing, lan-
guages, telegraphy English . branches, - civil,
. electrical and mining engineering, etc. ; day
& night 6essioEs; new SO-page catalogue free.
AYRES 1 Business Collese, 723 Market St.— Day
& eve. ; bookkeeping, shorthand, typing, teleg-
raphy, etc.; life scholarship. $50; individual
Instruction; positions secured; catalogue free.
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the -university, law and medical
colleges: references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. . Phelan building.
CALIFORNIA BUSINESS COLLEGE has posl-
tlons guaranteed to it by written contract and
can therefore with confidence guarantee posi-
tions to all its graduates. -. 305 Larkln st.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec.,mining,mech.,sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; 'day, eve.; est. 1SG4. Van
der Naillen School; A3 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
A FULL course of Ellis bookkeeping and the
Gregg shorthand costs only $60. :¦ San Fran-
¦ Cisco Business College.- 1236 Market st. ¦
A SPECIALTY— Perfecting beginners ; business
college graduates: bookkeeping; figures: short
time. TARR. exp. .acct.'. .220 Parrott • bldg-. ¦-.
MERUlLL-MILLEil . College, .shorthand and
typing, removed 1 to new quarters, mis. ; 40-45,'
Parrott bldg.: indhid. instruction; catalogue.
WANTED-A few , pupils in all branches - In
' oil painting by very competent lady teacher;
50c. Box E. Call ; office. .
PROF. MKRKI, from U'aris,. violin, -mandolin,
• guitar; experienced. , 100S Mission st .
X Itri* Jl'nt KTTC*rij'^''«*k^riit tiW. « r* rnnrnrTw r i t In ii
ttPi 1 <iny or gvf, i J5 mo. 102 i MlMinn, iir, <tii,
rLt^lJWTTtXTTiTN^PAlt'rjNtl'lON'B DAY mid
il.MIBTHATION-nlirl.t 1-lni.n. <84 1'ltm lit.
ITALIAN J.nltor tUnpl.v Co., 54 Montaom*>ry
«vn.. ml. John J isi. will nupply labor fi<-« of
rhnrcr-; Kpeolalty of railroad lmlp, furm
hiuidt. miner*, t>nrJ»nTii, fruit plek«r», etc.
JAPANESE Employment Offlc« and lloute*
¦•IcmiiImk Co., lioct help: uniil men at short
notice. 112C Sutter. nr. Pollt; tel. Lnrktn 2331.
JAPANKSK and eiilncet help of nil kliirtu;
cooks, waiters and house servants, OEO.
_AOKI ft CO., 421 Pott »t. ; tcl. BubIi 13S.
JAPANESE, central hoimeeleaning & employ-
ment: nil kinds Help. 1040 Butter; tel. East S03.
RKLIAHLR Japanese-Chinese employment of*
flee; all klnda help. 313 Stockton; Main C1S8.
Oni'HEUM Employment Office— Japanese. Chi-
nese help. 426 Powell.nr.Butter: tel. Black 6072
CHINKSE and Japanese employment office —
Best help. <11'4 Cyi-'arrcll «t. : tel. East 426.
EMPLOYMENT WANTIfiD — FEMAM3.
YOUNG German girl wants place to do house-
work and assist cooking where she can go to
night school. 134 Fourth St., Golden Gate
Hotel. : . .
A LADY well recommended would take charge
of children afternoons or evenings; terms 50c.
1628 Waller at.
"WANTED— By competent Scandinavian cook,
position in American family; good references.
Box 4070. Call of flee. ¦ • ¦_ - -
STRONG woman wants work Thursday and
Saturday washing or housecleaning; good ref-
erences. Call or address 62 Tehama Et. . ' ¦ -
STEADY * and reliable woman wishes light
housework In small family; good housekeeper;'
references ' given. Please call 2621 Howard st.
A GERMAN girl from the East would like po-
sition; general housework, without cooking.
' D24 Stevenson st.
LARKIN, 1022 — First-class German cook wants
situation in private family; no washing, •
-> RELIABLE woman wishes situation for gen-
eral housework; Is a good cook; city or coun-
' try; no postal cards. 10 Stockton place, off
Grant ave.
WANTED— By ; competent Danish glrlj sltua- !
tlon to do second work or general house-
work. Box 4068, Call office.
SITUATION wanted by competent girl for
general housework and French or German !
cooking; references. Address box 4069, Call.
YOUNG woman with a child wishes a position
as working housekeeper. Call at 3 Seventh st.
JAPANESE man, is good cook, and wit?,
want situations with family In countrv.
FRANK TANOKA. S63 Seventh St.. Oakland.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms; 25c to $1 60 per night; $1 £0 to
$6 week; convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry. ..',". „
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1036
Valencia st. i
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
EMPLOYMENT WAXTED— MALE.
YOUNG man wishes situation in family; un-
derstands care horses, cows, chickens, gar-
den; good driver; best references. F. S., box
3798. Call office. ' ¦ ¦
MIDDLE-AGED man, handy with tools, would
like any kind of light work with board;
small wages; city ( or country. Address 1211
Turk st. - ' ¦ •
YOUNG man of collegic, commercial and pro-
fessional education . desires clerical position
(hotel preferred) ; best ref. 1151 Market, rm. 32.
COMPETENT rigbuilder wishes engagement to
take charge of a gang in the field to build
rigs and derricks. Address H. S., 1063 Mission.
BOOKKEEPER, experienced (German, 35 years
of age), wants position. ROETHING, 1214
Laguna st. i
WANTED— A position by a good cook and
baker in hotel, restaurant or boarding-house;
city or country. 62 Second st., room 14.
A RELIABLE man, 25 years of age, would
¦ like a permanent position; $50 ..security. Ad-
dress 7S1 Mission St. v
BURNISHER wants work on plated or silver
ware. : F. E., 16S0 Eleventh st.. W. Oakland,
GENTLEMAN "would like different engage-
• ments;. can do surveying, civil engineering,
architecture, etc. ; ¦ quick service. Apply 1033
Union st. • ' . . , , - ¦
AN Eastern man wishes position as a manager
or steward in a first-class hotel or restaurant;
city or country; 20 years' experience; very
best . references. Box 4021, Call office.
WANTED— Position in hotel; city or country;
experienced; acquainted with ' traveling fra-
ternity; good references and security; willing
to be tried. Box 4024, Call office. ¦*
YOUNG Frenchman, 25, highly educated 'and,
« speaking several languages, wants position.
'. Box 4020,, Call office. '1
WITH good references, I want a place as cook
in boarding-house or institution in this city.
Address YEE LING, 20 Prospect place, city.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore st
FINANCIAL. .
FIRST-CLASS SSCURITIBs! Pj .
I deal only 1 in first-class securities;- the cau-
tious investor can usually find something in
my office exactly suited to his needs ; call
and see me. You are always welcome.
- T. OTWAY S ADLEIR, .
¦ ¦¦¦¦.' - Room 40.* 310 / Pine st.
FLATS TQ LET..
FILBERT, 934 — Sunny furnished flat, 5 rooms
and -bath; plane; fine marine view ; cheap . to
...respectable party. ¦". - ' - '¦¦ '¦' .
FLAT of 3 fine rooms unfurnished for house-
keeping; large storeroom, balcony and yard.
S23 Shotwell st. . , ' . ' .:
A— 10 DAYS freeV sunny 7-room, newly reno-"
vated; 4*2^ Ststh st., near Harrison, 918.
A VERY eunny upper flat, 6 rooms, bath, med-
. em improvements. 29 Elgin Park.
FLAT of 6 rooms. and bath. 222914 Mission St.;
between Eighteenth and Nineteenth. 0
SIXTH. 53SA— Upper flat,' 5 rooms and bath;
.. rent $12; water free. '-:-'-
6 SUNNY rooms, bath and tubs. ' 176 Thirteenth
'. St., near Howard. '. . . • .
3 ELEGANT new flats: Church.. gt.. near 18th.
. , FLATS TO LET— 7 Fnrnislied. r
NEWLY furnished 5-room flat, with ' piano, to
September 1; $32 50 month; no children; refer-
ence. ,1106 Devisadero st.,. near, Turk. ,
GOLDEN' GATE ave.,V 1517-Mtddle; piano,
bath, garden, etc.. 526: upper. S20; lower. $1S.
FLATS FOR SALE— FURX'SHED.
$400— NICELY furnished sunny flat, 6 rooms..
JOSEPH BAILIE. 750 Market st. ¦'¦•.. 7-
" FURNITURE SAiaS.* .
FOR sale— Nicely furnished sunny upper flat/
6, rooms, 'bath; 'Powell,' near Pine; no agents.'
Box 4015, . Call office. . -- ¦ ..
4 ROOMS furnished In oak, $43 CO, with '¦ No ." 7
range. ... King Furniture Co., 1127-1131 ¦ Market.
FURNITURE, of 5-room house; house to let;
rent ?13. IZVjIIollia;. St. ;.'.- '¦ ; - .
VELVET parlor cariiets end Magee range. 1806
. . Gear}- st. if&gfcJSWg^HXggl ¦¦ -
ASSORTMENTS, of fnrntturc, carpets 'and
¦ Btovcs; :glve,us alrial. 1114 McAllister st. |
.j FyitxrreiitE wasted. ...._...
TO receive hlchest vnlu* for furniture, carpets,
. etc., tee W.E.Cody, 7i7 Mlsilon; tel. ned U3&3.
ART roqiIi nnd fine furniture bought. Indiana
Auction Co., 117 Sutter «t.; tel, James 141.
AUCTION Hint John Kluer. 23 Kearny. buy» &
»ell» your bui., merchandise, fur., carpets., etc.
IK you want to sell furn., nuloe.', et«.. lee J. A.
Munro ik Co., S4Q Btooklon nt.itel. James 1341.
A. WOLTa'EIl'lVWriTtuiiion »t.. !>uy» hlgl<*nt
prlc* for »Li-oii(l-hun.l furniture: tel..ltert 13M.
Auciloneer^UVlnwnUa^JAruInT'tcl.lVilirfloT;
furnlturci ft furn'il iioiiMett limitititi «|>ot null.
ClIAH, LKVV luiy» your furniture, earputa,'
Mwivt, ate, 1135 MHiUft it,; lei. Je*a\a Till.
AT Ci H. J iTNHRN^X'n)! H^ i^Pn^nV^rVnT'lH
JJOTR'U IM5PAIJTMKNT.
10 wiUtnsra, pity, country itntl rviurt hotel*,.
Pb It'liV ' rfipK,' "ilVj'li'M'eMVi! ' iVo'r'e.V.u .'>'.'.'?? "week
I'ltilu Iconor, nhnrt illfdance.... I'.'A
1'mmi'V Ironnr, «m\i» pluua, .,,,,.,,,,, H'
• 'h«iiii"-iiii»jii, .-.inhtrv iiiiifl,.,,, ,,|U
PAMlt.V DUI'AHTMUNV,
Any woniitn ur ulil l»i Khiw for tt. ultustlen t»v
hu\\*i>wf)T\i, pp«eni1 work, num?, rliy nr lumii*
try, p«ii obtain It by upplylnu to C. H, IIAN«
A CO,. 104 Qfary n^_
nn7("KKKKT'Rn = *fri = r'"ft iumblr. harnw^rp «n.l
n«ti#rnl iiiri't'hiiti.lifiA eii'in, 130 i.i tiOj rsr<ir>
piktk r«ini|rr.|, Apply Ci U. 11ANMI5N A CO.,
JiLP^LiL. ILL,,— . : •*
IIBAD (Immiiefinfllit for nunitii«r r*iori, |Mi
R*1 I'xtty li"l». C. It. IIANHliN A CO., 104
dwry it. ¦
MMH, M. J5, DA \'TcOm '.""'"'. riTnn* M»ln lUTi
,, IIMTKI, OKI'AKTMIJNT
\\'iiiui'n»<'« fr.r n f>t vnry l<Mt nomm'relnl ho<
I»Ih on Iho i'hri>I, |3O nml tit, mniiy fnrn4
rnliij 4 wnllr>-HB»«, rPHOrtu, |30| ft wn.ttr»np»«<ii 1
Ulty, J.'Hi 4 1'llMHilmrmnliVi to Wnlt, ••01 2
rluunlii-iniMlilK, |lt| wmimn cuotti }.15; imnlry
woman, |!0.
l'AMIt.Y DtSl'AUTMKNr
WniUlliw hfiti*i'lin^|>ri- Inr I.Milinlnr n|i.irl-
inent*, $:", «l<>«p home; cook, smnll American
family, |.1A; Otrtuan couk, l<0; .1 ImunrNlrlii,
Hun liiifni'l, tii; 3 ranch rooki, $20, mul uiAiiy
.othfHi. M18B. M. K. DAY A CO., 33S flgnry.
WANTI'iD— Protedtant cook, t3S, no wash: nl«o
second clrl, Hams family, fSS; A »•«'••• >tt*l (ttrln,
|30 and J2">; I cookn, Oerman ityle, 130; 0 waU-
reftics, city nnd country hotclx, $:o ami $23;
lftumlrf«it«. $25; a larKo number «( gW\* tor
housework In rlty ana country, lift nml 130,
and othars. J. V. onOSBTT fc CO.. 318 Buttur.
WANTED— A few experienced operators and a
limited number for lmtructlon. Standard
Fnct^on', Oough nnd Orova it».
WANTKD— Qlrl for candy store: Rood wages.
Inquire «hootlng nailery, Forty-ninth ave. and
B »t.. Cliff House. ¦
OENERAL housework; three In family. 128
Kearny st., room 4S, or 670 Twenty-fourth
St.. Oakland. -
WANTED— Girl for general housework nnd
cooking; 3 in family; wages $20; small wasli-
Ing. Call from 1 to 4 p. m., 1603 Gough Bt.
WANTED— First-class stenographer. CHES-
TER F. WRIGHT, 639 Market gt.
FIRST-CLASS Jacket hands. E. MESSAGER,
145 Post St.
WANTED— A good first-class waitress at 304
Mason st. ; wages $7 a week.
GIRL for housework; sleep at home; no Sun-
day dinner. 1157 Valencia st. ¦» ¦
WANTED— Girl who can run body lroner.
Standard Laundry. 114 Hayes st.
YOUNG girl to assist in housework. 2228 Sutter
street. . >%
GIRL wanted to care for child; call forenoon.
¦ .22 Tehama st.
WANTED— Two good restaurant waitresses; $7
per week. 7 Taylor st.
WANTED— Apprentice girl for factory.
MARKS BROS.. 1213 Market St.
WANTED— In San Rafael, for general house-
work, an active obliging girl between age of.
. 2S and 30 In family of six; wages $30 month;
must have good references. Address P. O.
box 196, San Rafael. .
WANTED— Refined lady, with $100, to learn
- genteel and profitable business and accept
good position in country. Apply SCHOT-
TLER, 3 Eddy st.
OPERATOR on pants; must b« first-class;
steady work; high wages. BELASCO-HAR-
RIS CO., 541' Market &t.
WANTED— Seamstress in cloak and suit alter-
ation department. Apply at HALE BROS.,
973 Market St., before 11 a, m.
WANTED— Neat reliable girl to assist with
housework;- reference. 411S Twenty-fourth St.,
near Castro. ,' .' • | .
BUTTONHOLE maker, finishers and appren-
tices on custom -coats. BELASCO & HAR-'
RIS CO.. 541 Market st. ...
HAIRDRESSIXG taught In 4 weeks; positions
secured when finiehed; eve'g. classes; term?
reasonable. Halrdressing College. 574 Geary.
MILLINERY taught in 3 months; positions se-
cured when competent; eve'g. classes; terms
reasonable. Millinery College. 574 Geary st.
EXPERIENCED operators on silk waists;
steady work. I^ONIGSTEIN, 409A Turk st.
FIRST-CLASS buttonhole maker on coats.
135V& Natoma St., near New Montgomery.
WANTED— A girl to assist at housework. Ap-
ply 2228 Clay st., coiner Buchanan.., > •
WANTED— 2 girls for tailoring- work at 131
\- Rues st. ; good • wages.
GIRLS wanted to sew by hand. 723 Market
st., room 35.
EXPERIENCED girl to work In candy store.
• Greek- American Candy Co., 44 Fourth st.
TAILORESS and apprentices wanted for coats.
631 Stevenson st. .
FINISHER on coats; also buttonhole maker.
135'^ Natoma St., near New Montgomery.
•WANTED— Experienced shirt or waist opera-
tors. EAGLESON & CO.. 535 Market st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 FlUmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
* subscriptions has been established at 1008
Valencia Bt. -
¦ HELP WANTED— 31 ALE.
A— MURRAY & READY Phone Main E848
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
....WANT 7 A. M. TO-DAY... :.......„
MECHANICAL HELP
¦ 2 bricklayers, city.. ; $4 <jay
Millwright, sawmill, Sisklyou, see boss here..
2 millwrights, ¦ sawmill company.. ......$4-day
Woodworker and wagon-maker, camp black-
smith. Sonoma County ,%Z day
15 blacksmiths, camps, shops and ranches....
• •• • $60, $50 and $40. $2 50 and $3 day
Ranch carpenter 2 carriage painters
MINES— MISCELLANEOUS
4 single-hand miners....... -....$60
7 drillers and quarrymen. ........: $60
' 10 laborers, surface work, no experience
25 laborers, city and country-
. ..$1 75 day,/$26 and found
27 farmers. ., teamsters and , haymakers..:...
• • •• $26 and $30
15 milkers, city and country $3d and $35
12 choremen and butter-makers. $25, $30 and $35
Farmer and wife $50
Stenographer and bookkeeper $60
23 cooks, city and country.... $40, $30, $12 week
•15 waiters, city and country $25, $30 and $35
Walter and wife; cook and wife, country;
oysterman; porter; baker's helper.-.
. MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S. ...104 Geary st.'
..I HOTEL, DEPARTMENT
Chef, country hotel, $100; hotel kitchen stew-
ard, $10: ch?f for cafe, country, $35 r second
cook, country hotel,- $30: baker and pastry
v cook, summer resort, $G0; head laundryman
for resort, $60 : barber and • porter, summer
resort; baker. Institution, country, $35;. 2
neat young men to learn waiting and carry
oft dishes, country hotel. $25 and free fare; 6
waiters, $30 and $35; 20 dishwashers and
¦.kitchen hands, $20. $25 and $30 :......
MISCELLANEOUS /
6 blacksmiths, country. $3, $2 50 and 52 25 a
! day; 2 blacksmith's helpers, $2 25 and $2 a day;
6 farmers, $25," $26 and $30; 3 farmers for or-
, chard, $1 day and board; 10 milkers, different
counties, $30: Italian vegetable gardener,
country hotel. $25:*. r
. RAILROAD WORK '.
Tunnelmen'and drillers, • free fare, $3 to $2 SO.
C. R.. HANSEN & CO.. ........ 104 Geary st. j
A — FRANK/ the laundryman, who ' formerly l
„• worked ¦ at Capltola, please report to C. R.
HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
A — BARBER and do some porter work for a
mountain resort, can clear about ¦ $73 per
month, see party here. . C. R. HANSEN Sc
CO.. 104 Geary st. | , - - .
DELICATESSEN man, ?40 and board; 2 res-
laui tnt . cooks, $9 . and $10 week : hotel . cook,
country, S40; second cook. $30-- hotel waiter,
country. $30; tamale maker, $20; young m»n
to assist in 'restaurant, and others. J. ' F.
CROSETT. & CO.,- 623 Sacramento st.
DAIRY, foreman. $75. and' found;' 2 farmers and
- wives, $40 . and $50 ; a farmers, $23 and $30 :
choreman. .$20; 6 milkers. $20 and $35; 4 sin-
gle hand miners, 1 $2 day and board; 7 car-
¦ men for mine, $2 day: 8 laborers for coun-
. ¦ try, 20 cents 1 an hour; swampers, $40 and
board ; . chain tender, $40 and board ; lineman; |
•lonkev crew". S60 and board: spool tender ami \
. others". J. F. CROSETT & CO., 62S Sacra-
mento st. • " -: r-- :
AT CAL. EliP. AG'CY. .39 3d: phone John 3J31.
-2 carriage painters, country...... $2 CO per day
4 carpenters; country $3 to $! per clay
"2 drillers \ . ,.r... V.V.S2 per day
¦ 4 laborers \. .;.....:.. :.....:.%\ 75 per day
4 mon tD cut wood: pine" 4 feet...Jl 25 per cord
'4 men to make ties.... ;.'.'.:. "..'.'I... '.lie apiece
2 milkers. CO to 23'cows. ...... .$30 per month
2 milkers. • 23 to 30 cows.. ...;..»35 jr>gr rnonlh
A— HOTEL GAZETTE. 26 Montgomery, room 12
,¦¦— Ni-ilit ; c!erk.withcxperien"e and. references;
country hotel. ?S0; porters, $2U.' - ' * 1
HKLP , WAATBD — MALE Cnn.^
A— WANTKD :"V.V"
Walter for officer*' dinln*-room for Institu-
tion ncnrclty. |«3. board, room and laundry.
&_ CO., J10 <'lay Mt- J
A— WANTED ;•..*.." ••• ;
4-horse teamattfr for Mission roxd; * .-< and
found; must have references.
IUark»mlth'i helper for mine 13 » day
Hhop blarkmnlth. near city HO «" rt rmmi
«'«rrla«o rniluter, near city t»S ft "'» tcmnn
MllhPr, north.... tar. an.1 Ture pultl
2 mllkern, I'olnt Arena »3«> •"'' ' ar » I' 0 , 1 '
IMnlkh fnrnirr nnd wire,,,.. •••?••
! mrn uliuiit jilace, city l« Si> ft"«» I?"
Wodi|clio|j|if«r, HunnniM V '.'a u *»r<
Hueity wu»ln>r. nnnr city,., $;0 *i"» row" 1 '
V ttlugle.hunrt nilneia J- a d»y
t>, uv>'i;n tt i'o,, cio_ei»y «.
JornNKYMKN Unrb.M' Internptlniifll l-nton-*
Kre* eui|i|uyin«itii only rei'i'jnU'il union, lu
Turk; i«l, K«il»>»n» Ifii.l, I. Lt>H, nnvrt'tary,
WA.N"nU)T.)r^V. 7 H, "Amiy~~AMe'»«'i«tl<»«» •'"*
ninnlfi) lurn liotw-^n «s«-i« «>f VI tmil B3| »•»<•
rens nf rmtp.l tlim.'i., nf soul i'h«Mi'l*r «n>1
leni|iPiaia hubtu, who paw n>**h, r*tnl «nn
wrllc KiihIUIi, itvcrulU «i**nrtlly «l»iilr«««1 luf
norvlp* In rhtll|inlii0». l-'..r lnr.>rm«tiuii «i>i>ly
Irti llfii<uiltliiK iiltU'«r, li'l Now MttiiU'uliiBiy
? t., fun t'raiu'lwo, i'«l,
1.AHTi:ilrt fill itieii'n hmvy wnrk, linmi «nl
iiidi-lilur; .mIa Iruther anil upixr UttttttM' ••<!»
irm nml nii.r-, Ai>i>|y at il. T.. ui:nit>:i:
CO,, S» htpvphmni «t,
WM<THI.)=-HiTlBb'le vourii ninn to Join m* !•»
•t pUaDnnl, |ir..i1i.il,|r builne**, iH \<>-r w*«k
KU>»Hllllrnl, t ,,...| Hum; f.'l r>-i|llll'>'>l . 1 1 » • ¦ 1 1 ¦ • V
K»i'Uf»'ti, unit 4n7'J, Cull orrir*,
FTn«l"*f fiArirJ •dv*nNliT*rtiU!i«or* for rvT'tp"'
tint) i>i ivj i m tinii". Call ftftvr 9 •• nt. at ruom
MM A Mi hii'y " to ilrl ve iu fiK~ «vu«ou, M iwTVtJ V K
• ni iii'i- iMi'Miirmi nml I'emlit avr«, t i-iii Ion*
IVHili; Inlui lnr,|rr.|i|«» ent", Rat nff 1'fHla >v>i
JAI'ANKlUl do/ fur wiiitfr (liul hiiUMWorhi
prlvntp rnnuly; whiki k>. n.'l lMnlmuiit
av».. n»iki»loy,
DAItOBmB—rirtt*elMl UaTbTfwann to buy nil
or hiilf'lntpr«'«t In ciujiI naylnir »hop. Ad*
jlrem U, llftOWN, M O'KarriU %X.
WANTKD-c'usii boys tiv«r 14 yearn of «K«».
Aptly ttt HAI.K PIIOS.. Inc. »;» M»rkH »t.
COA'lnL\KF.n and pantimiikrr for country.
At>pFyjtK183 PK08. A VO., li Bti tttr _ it.
EXPKHtENCKD boy for ptumblnir »hot>; non«
«>ther nefd apply. Call early at 10 Mason »t.
COAT, vrm anrt pants maker* wanteil. DHADY
ft O'DOWD. 4 Hayea at.
ALL eizpn men's shoes, itlghtly damaged, half
price. It2 Mlaslon «t.. bet. 1st and 2d >f .
EKRANt) boy wanted at good pay. 641 V4 Ste-
vencon at.
FIRST-CLASS coatmaker for Sacramento. J.
BAUMOARTEN & CO., 7 Montgomery at.
GOOD cook for email boarding-house. 3C2
Main st.
WANTED— Good porter for barber shop. 223
Devlsadero st.
WOOD turner wanted at WM. BATEMAX'S,
875 Folsom st. m
WANTED— Good polisher or washer and lroner. i
Watsonvllle Steam Laundry.
"WANTED — A good barber for Saturday anil
Sunday. 1SS5 Mission st.
DISHWASHER wanted at 660 Howard st.
STEADY man with $173 cash can maka $30 a
month. Apply at 209 Kearny st. room 1.
DISHWASHER wanted. 1020 Van Xesg ave..
Hotel Montrose.
TV ANTED- Waiters and helper. 613 Clay St.
JflGHT cook wanted for restaurant at 1550
Market st.
COATMAKER wanted. M. J. KELLER CO.,
Oakland.
WANTED-Recrults for the marina, corps. U.
S. navy; abie-bodled unmarried men of goo<l
character, between the ages of 21 and 33;
not less than S feet 4 Inches and not over 6
feet 1 inch; able to read and speak English.
For further Information apply at the Recruit-
Ing Office. 40 Ellis St.. San Francisco.
MEX — Our cataJogue explains now' we teach
the trade In two months, saving two years;
mailed free. We have no 5c shop in connec-
tion with our college; chairs and furniture
are all made to our own order, with a view
to cleanliness and convenience.
MOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE. 633 Clay St.
Beware of any cheap imitations.
WANTED— For a wholesale liquor house a re-
liable man for a city delivery wagon: only
applications stating former occupation and
experience with references -will be consid-
ered. Apply box 4025. Call office.
WANTED— First-class carriage blacksmith and
n first-class carriage gear and body maker;
steady employment to right party and first-
class wages. Apply to A. MEISTER & SOXS
CO.. Sacramento, Cal.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. -Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 117 Third st. ; 150 large
rooms; 23c per night: SI to $2 per week.
.WANTED— Two young men for light and gen-
teel employment; can make from $2 to $3 a
day; must have JT.O. Call 220 Third St.. rm.43.
WANTED— First-class silk and dress goods
salesman; state ase, experience and salary
expected. Apply box 4064, Call office.
WANTED — First-class window dresser: state
age, experience and salary expected. Apply
box 4063. Catt office.
EXPERIENCED jewelry salesman; must work
I evening; state previous position and salary
' expected. Box 4040, Call office.
FOR sale — A good 2-chair barber shop; good
business; low rent; a great bargain. Box
4029. Call offlce-
W ANTED— First-class cook for hotel: refer-
ences required. C* E. EMERSON. Susan-
ville. Cal.
BOYS wanted. Inquire at the Rope Works,
Potrero; wages from. $1 per day upward.
WANTED— 100 men to take rooms. 10c, 15c :md
£0o. Boston* House, ; 930 Howard et.
STRONG boy to learn custom shirt cutting.
36 Geary St., room 48. . . -
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 23c
' to 50c. 562 Mission St., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
BARBER shop for sale. 701 Mission St., cor-
ner Third; must leave city.
PANTS pressmen wanted by • S. N. WOOD &
CO. Apply at factory, 27 Geary st.
BLACKSMITH and 2 helpers on wagon work.
316 Railroad ave-.JS. S. F.. Butchertown.
WANTED— German agents, well dressed, good
talkers. Call. 9-10 a. m. at 605 Parrott bldg.
( BARBERS — A S-chalr shop for sale cheap. 14
| Turk st. •
COATMAKERS wanted. Apply at factory of
S. N. WOOD & CO.. 27 Geary st. i - >_:
BASTERS on coats. Apply factory of S. X.
WOOD & CO., 27 Geary st.
WANTED— 500 men to buy new and 2nd-hand
army shoes, $1 up; soling 20c up. 023 Howard.
JIcDONALD & PERRY have BOO pairs second-
¦hand shoes for sale. 60c up.- 241 Third' at.
AT cash -prices for SI per week, men' a suits to
order. XEUHAUS & CO.. 115 Kearny st.
YOUNG man to do Janitor work for his tuition.
S. F. Barber School. 741A Howard st.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket— 700 rooms, 25c night; reading-rooms; fre»
•bus and baggage to and from ferry. . -—-*.
HOUSES TO LET — FURBISHED.
HOUSE of 8 large sunny rooms, nicely fur-
nished; piano, garden, laundry; May 1. for
3 or 6 months: rent reasonable. 2S3S Mission.
• HOUSES, AXD TVAGOJfS.
. ..-_ — . -.--,.--.., Mll .,„,
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies.
carts, harness. Grand Area do Horse Market.
- 327 Sixth st.; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOTLE. Auctioneers.
FOR sale, cheap— Bay road-mare: sound. gentl»
and very fast; must be sold at once. AddIv
.. Xolan' s stable. 1611 California st.
S. F. VETERINARY College will commence Its
. 3d session June 10. / Catalogue by applying to
M. L. Pancoast. sec. 310 Golden Gate ava.
5 • SECOND-HAND sprinkling- wagons la good
order for sale. 377 Shotwell st.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc.. cheap. EGAN & SON. 2117 Mission »•-
GOOD business horses, wagon ' horses, b-avy.
light.- fast pacsrs-an'l trotters. 721 Howard.
AN a No. 1 express wegen, single, aiso light
camplnr wagen. for gale ch»ap. 532 Mission.
HOUSES {TO LET.
A— PRINTED LIST Houies to let; send foTcli>
'cular. G."H. UMBSEX fc CO.. 14 Montgomery.
PERRY. 206, near Fourth— House of 4 rooms; |
rent $7 50; water free. Apply G. H. UMBSEX,
14 Montgomery st. .
JONES. ISM. near | Green— Sunny house with
S room3 and bath ; fine marine view. Apply at
- -the premises.
HOUS'E'to let— 52 rooms, and 2 stores, at 403
to 412 Broadway: has been thoroughly reno-
vated; suitable for hotel or. lodging-house.
A— XICELY -furnished S rooms an<J bath; piano,
' etc. '1512 Howard St.; $40 a month.
SUNNY. house !> rms.; conveniences: large yard;
basement. 191S Central ave.. near Sacramento.
. : _ . HOUSE.* WASTKD.
RESPONSIBLE party wishes to care for house
during owner's summer ibsenee. Address box
407L Call office. \ ]<
FCRyiSU F. n HOtSCj AT P^EJV^IONT.
TO let far 3 months, commencing Jun« 1: «
hou^e of 17 large minny roon>«: I'llllirtJ-r^cm:
Hbrory; larje ornam>»ntal sroumU; us* nf
Htnblr; rows, poultry, fruit. tlow*»rit nnd v>t«<»>
tablcn; fine view ntul cllmaUj *.isy pf nee***
\<y elertric car*: 'rent v«ry low t.> doHinihi*
tenant. J'nr ptrt'»-ul«rw «ri''V *¦¦» 15. *».
liTiOWX, I'MIWK.S As «'O.. It MiuiUwwtv.
' COf>TUY HOL'hE* TO l.rT.
TO Ut In Riit.i itarbara — Kurnl<h*il Souno;
ho»m« fi'i.i furnlturo now; fino locution; two
blopkt from Arllnjion lloi'l t"nl <>n« him-*
frum trolley i|nr; li«n niltiut**' rlJ-> from
N»rh; hom« contain* four h#-lroo;n-«, i«rv«
• nt'» rcotrv rtc.; imi »nd »>l» rt irlo H,ihU; |h#
«no»t <omp'»i,i an, 1 hn* t ru'tu^fl h.ui»« In
P»nl« H.irtmrn. Vcr rn\llt'n)r\rn ,.:.n. -•»
KHANK M \V lllTNKV.'fxnl.i ll»r>>nr». «*«!,
L . " ¦'" ' ¦ -' " ' ¦""¦1
mi nuiiiw 'mvsimi;m i:«.
IPRAf. rumm»f ruttniftv imo; fiirnli.hr. I, P.. II,
mim\ N. \N«-«t !¦:»¦>. S rt n lim-in-l.
i>sT.C,vrC,\i:c»i!< watku m:vii:u.
¦¦> •••
\>>l' lisht your ''¦""• . xit I f.y >h« tlnt« y.nt »r*
¦ |Kr. ,!..-. I lint »..ii'. I' f'nilv, ,\t >i ...1 .,' «\,,<(
i>nll nnc1'««« )» In •vw.mUmi; **u* tor llli><-
iraiod rrinu'ht". UlMiutv wvrcu I! HAT*
INO ft),, WMi'winf.1' (.milling, m.»i» it'i?,
LOST AM) KOl'M),
iTnJtT^-'MTiit'Uy, April S?, (n Bntn« (mnlmm
nipn^ «iu1 MtinlRnm»r)'.ht'*,, *nr\ KraiK-lmi*.
Id t»uMi»n<1, via ihrt in»rtf<w-«m«n \\ u *. a
tm|p "r ii.timi It A f.'imh «((iri><>>blnoi<utariii r#»
ward. Ai1ilr»»w box iX>\ i'ttlltit|1f».
UOfT1>*W«><lnt»4ayV night! h«twwti orphwtm
wmi tJitily *U t'rti". Rut'1 brOMh fntiinnif*
Uily'n t'li'lurr; icwdni, - p i?*J WnMiltutMn »l. •
l.nVnvv.vnii -t,."<T. "iri.h .1 «. ug iflj.
ttetiirn t.> r,;i fulls »i.
\v«T>Ti->1-Ot.i r.il.l f^r »ninnff turip«. 0 N.'t>.\
tfWKlrr, ?4< nTrtfirll, |m( l*mv»ll nil
MATIHMUMAL
TrKNT*LHMKNn"irhTtT7"irmnrrv**wTnlthr t.-«41»a
UPti.l Ifh' for lint, MH.*. HKUT/.. 'n< I'MMw >*
>IA'l"IIJi:.15<i:<4 A>il I IMIOL^rKUY
MA*^nKKm£H^i^~uph"uVoVyr t*l. Unuth 7C3:
In i>rt|rr or renovat"!, feather anil hnif
vIvmM; fJfp'rt cnri'^t rl^nlnu: utrlrtly r*ll-
wiiii'. iiiti'Ki: utttt!».. am-S'.tt i:i.nvnti> *t.
MKIUCAU
A—nENO^V?TwD npeel»ll.it; Ujoso who dc«lr« t<»
obtain fault* rromptlr: 1 tn>it ladles only :
my rtgulatcr h«» no tri"*l; all ctassM of f»-
malo complaints relieved by treatment iii-
perlor to all other*: th« only treatment that
hetDS the unfortunate; the mont ob^tlnat*
rues aro ImmeJIatfly relieved without r»'n:
rto other treatment will do this; tb« most dif-
ficult ca^es treated: «clentlflc methods cuar-
anued. DR. O. W. O'DONNELU 1013 Markt.
A TREATMENT th»t U Ruaranteed to r'v*
instant relief for all female complaints; th»
longest and most ohstlnat* caoeJi^immodlatpljr
relieved without pain: travelers helped; n.-»
- delay, consult free. MRS. DR. KOHU 1121
Market «t.. next to Owl Drug- Store.
X— Dr. V. Popper, the well-known female sp*.
clalist cures all fe;na!e complaints in on&
day: the longest and most obstinate caaea
relieved without pain: every woman her own
physician: can be sent: experience In all
cases for 37 years. 12 Mason st.. near Market.
DR. AXD MRS. DA VIES. 122S Market, ladle*'
specialists: 32 years' practice; a! I oases treatert
by our wonderful herb remeily; a reliable
treatment, superior to any other: positive cur»
guaranteed at office; patients treated can re-
turn same day; harmless; consultation fre«.
DR and MRS. GOODWIN. 1035 Market St.. nr.
«th — Expert specialists: -well known ami reli-
able: 25 irrs. experience: treatmen* guaranteed
to pive Instant relief from a!l femal- troubles;
avoid incompetent specialists: consult free.
MRS. DR. WTETH. reliable specialist: 25 yrs.'
successful practice: guaranteed treatment at
office; any ailment; home before and durin*
confinement. 942 Post. fcet. Hyd? and Larkin.
MRS. DR. ALLEN. 111S Market— Reliable la-
dles' FrecJ«llstj_be«t_rned!calcarejlowfee^
JIISCEIXA>EOCS FOIt SALR.
BOI1,ERS engines. ?d-hard machinery. Mc-
INTqSH & WOLPMAN. liKi-IW I-Vemont St.
BARS, back bars, mir.-vjra. showcases, counters,
linoleum, new and second hand; we alwav*
have a large stock, of saloon outfits on h^nrl:
32 complete outfits o-.\ one floor, ready mau>:
¦k" can ship everything In ?4 hours. J.
ICOOMAX. 1017. 10r». 1021. IOCS Mission St..
above Sixth: -write "or» cataloeue.
A LARGE fire and burglar proof safe for $G50;
cost originally $1000. UNCLE HARRIS. 15
' Grant ave. |
A BEAITTIFTTL scarfpin. containing 8 pearls,
for only SIS: cost originally JS2. UNCL3
HARRIS, 15 Grant ave.
A BUTS. sells or rents gear machinery, en-
Klnes, boilers, water pipe*, shafting, pulleys,
etc. "WHrTELAW. Z\Z gpear st.
SECOND-HAND machinery of all kinds V>usht,
sold, rented and exchanced. H. S. WHITE.
CIS Mission st.
FOR SALE— Fine stock of chickens, all fcinds
and sizes, from 10c up. Derby st.. west of
Magee ave.. Lorin, Berkeley; Grove-st. car.
FIXE suits. *10; dress pants. 12 75. S MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery at.
A— $3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. 11 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters. S20 Kearny et. near Pine.
BASEBALL calendar, containing pictures of
¦ Bill Lange and Geortre Van Haltren; 30c post-
paid. S. R. CHURCH. 307 Sanpome St.. 8. F.
TYPEWRITERS at Any price to close them
eut: different makes; call early for bargain*.
TYPEWRITER EXCHANGE. 409 California.
FOR exchang-e— Large safe for small one. O. 3.,
box 4049. Call office.
DOMESTIC sewing machine: 7 drawers: good
order; complete: cheap. 1915 Mission, nr. loth.
A NO. 1 youcg fresh cow: milks 13 guarts daily;
gentle; reasonable. 83 Shotwell St.. cor. 15th.
SAMPLES tailor made su!t3, slza 16 bust;
silk lined; cheap. 819 Post st. ¦
FIRST-CLASS second-band modern engines an<l
boilers bought and sold. KROGH MFG. CO.
GAS. steam, oil and ruining machinery bought
and sold. Livingston. 533 Mission st., nr. 2d.
ENGINES and boiler3; second-hand machinery.
J. BURKE. 139 Eeala st. ¦¦
Gasoline or distillate eDgines. new & 2d-hand:
all sizes: guaranteed. NEWELL. 56 Bluxome.
PHOTOGRAPHIC and magic lantern good*
bought, sold, exchanged. 1C3 Montgomery »t.
SAFES— New and second hand. THE HEK-
MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento »t-
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving pic-
tures. BULLARD ft BRECK. 131 Post st.
SAFES— New and second hard: all sixes. THEJ
WALT?: SAFW. ino-nt Mark«t nt.. San f-^i.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing anrt
theatrical goods. 154 Ninth: tel. Fnlsom 2522.
MOSEYTO I.OA.X.
A^2dONEY*7arioan at rates which people can
afford to. pay on furniture, pianos, etc; do
not borrow oT your friends or you will lo««
their friendship: do business with stranger*
and you will be better satisfied: no delay; no
¦ ' publicity. Rooms 9 and 10. 9C8 Market st.
IF YOCR PROPERTY
IS MORTGAGED
and you need more money, see H. MCRPHf,
630 Market st. Loans on estates In probate,
undivided Interests In estates, second mort-
yages.- etc. .
ANY proposition, any amount: « per cent: flrst.
- second mortgages, estates In probate. Interest
In estates, legacies: corporation loans, chattel
mortgages and securities. Room 16. 1st Roor.
Chronicle building. HALLORAN & OLSE.x.
ANY amount at «".: fir3t. 2d and Jd mort-
gages undivided Interest, real estat» In pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay; get my tenr3 before 'loin* business else-
wherg. R. McCOLGAN. 21 Montgomery, r. 3.
HIGHLY respectable, private place to rbtatn
liberal advances en diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 848 Market
»t.: tel. Slain 1644. Branch 39 Third at.
JsCO.OCO AT S per cent 10 sums to suit in city:
$i:0,000 on large ranches at fair rates: second
mortgages. R. X MERCER & SOX. 412 Pine.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc.. by privat»
party; no removal; no commission; confldsn-
tlal. Room 3. Conservatory bldg.. 301 Jones.
CX furnlttire. pianos; no removal: money
quick; lowest Interest: easy terms; no broker-
age; reliable party. 1175 Market St.. room 83.
j:OST reliable clace to borrow on diamonds,
watches, jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL. 10 Sixth;
highest pric for old gold, silver, diamonds.
$1200 ON Oakland or other good . property:
reasonable interest. Bos 122^ Call, Oakland.
2% on furniture and pianos; $13 up; no removal;
no commission: private. Room 81. t» E'ldy st.
51OXEY loaned salaried people without security.
HILL, rm. 44. Merchants' Ex., 401 California.
CASH loaned on salane-.; New YorK Dlan. THE
TOPSLEY CO.. S2t Parrott building.
LOAN'S, lat or Td mtss; city, country 5% undi-
vlded ints.: estates. HARPER. S97 Parrott bt?..
LOANS on salarie* without indorser or *«>cur-
Ity; Ka^tern rlan. Pearson. , 3C3 Phalan b'.dsr.
J10O.GC0 TO loan on real estate or for buildiss-
low rate. 22? Sansome st.. room Z
CASH loaned to salaried peon!* on note without
indcrser. MORRELL. M3 Examiner building.
TO salaried people without collateral or 'n-
dorser. S. F. D'scoant Agency, 143 Phelarf big.
A WEEK'S news fnr S c»nt<*-The Weekly Call.
• 16 pages, In wrapper for mailingr. %l per year.Clara M.. John' F. and Joseph H. O'Brien to
Alma . E. ' . MacDcnald. lot on . W ¦ line of San
Pablo ¦ avenue, * 88:9 N - of ' Twenty-first street,
N 29:7 ,W 100. S 29:6 6-16, E 100 to beginning,
being a portion of Smith Tract, Oakland; $3000.
Arthur Rodgers to w Elizabeth Rodgers, lot
on • N corner^ of . East '. Twenty-second - street
and Seventeenth ' avenue, : NE 280 by NW 150,
Twenty-first street and Eleventh avenue. NE
200 by SE 150, block 130, Clinton, East Oakland;
s^soo n ' ' - ' * - l ~ '
w.' A. and Rose Toung to Andrew Josephson,
all interest Jn lot on" S line of Parker street
(formerly Eddy), 320 E of Magee, E 53, S 132:6,
W 43 N 132:6 to beginning, being lot 9, block
5, Case Tract, Berkeley: $1100. ¦_ - : .
August Herzog (by Guy H. Chick, Superin
tendent of Streets) to S.F. Sinclair, lot on S
line of Harmon street, 240 E of Baker. S 100,
E 201.52 N 100, ¦ W" 199.87 to beginning,, block
7 Herzo'g Tract. Berkeley; $208. . ; . •
Lulu S. and William L. Taylor to Mary E.
Mosher (wife of Theodore), all interest In lot
21, block U,- Amended Map Moas Tract, Brook
lyn Township; $10. -
• Anna. Tuttle to - W. ¦ H. Tuttle, * all Interest
In lot 5.^ Milton ¦ Tract, Oakland; gift.' '
Robert L. ¦ and Margaret Forney to Samuel
O Holmes," all • interest ; in. lot 21, block A,
Parsons Golden . Gate Tract, Oakland; $10.
James P. Taylor (single) to George Sterling,
lots 25 to 27, 1 block — —, on map of portion of
Erumagim Tract, Oakland; $3000.
H. T. Holmes Lime Company (corporation)
to Sam . Bell McKee. all interest In lot 7,
block D. map \ of lands of Oakland Homestead
Association, portion Walsworth 100- Acre Tract,
Oakland; $1100. ¦
.- Luclen and Elizabeth Putnam j to same,
same/Oakland, quitclaim deed; $10. '
Eva T. " and Edwin D. Burd to Hattie B.
Eddy (Lewis), widow, undivided eleven-eight
eenth interest in lot • on E line of Webster
street,- 25 S of Third, S 60 by E 75, lots 6 and
7, block 16, Kellersbersrer's Map, Oakland;
$1000. ¦ ¦ ¦
' Peter and Sarah M. Thomson to L. G. Bur
pee all interest in lot on W line of Franklin
street. 285.54 N' of Delger or Twentieth, NE
77 5, NW 82.5; SW 79.01. SE 86.51 to beginning,
Oakland; $1500."
Anjolette J. Breck to J. M. Bartlett. lot on
SE corner of Orchard . street and Telegraph
avenue, E 127, S 124.98,' W 126.60, N 124.98 to
beginning, being lots 1, 2 and ' 3, block A,
Armes Tract, Oakland; $5000. - -
William W.\ and j Jessie C. Bruner to Claus
B. Tackle (single), lot on E corner "of. East
Edwin J. Stone to Emma E. Stone, lot on E
line of Weber street, 125 S of Central avenue,
S 60 by E 100,' being lot 117. Encinal Park
Tract, Alameda; sift. '.
Charles A*, and Alice C. Bailey to Glennie
Davies (single), lot 3, block D, Edith Tract,
Berkeley; J500. ' '
James J. Suffern to Alfred J. Gilbart. lot 64,
Marion Tract, Brooklyn Township; $10. ,_'-.-
George H. and Annett P. Barrett to Judson
M. ¦ Davis, all interest in lot on NE > line of
East Twenty-third street, 50 ' SE Seventh ave
nue. ¦• SE 100 by. NE 150. block 144, Clinton,
East Oakland, to correct deed of July 10, 1900;
$10. . " '• ' •¦ ' '•. -.¦ ." • ¦ ¦
F. A. and Lottie Webster to. Georee B. M.
Gray, all interest in lot on SE line of Ninth
avenue, 650 NE ' of East Twenty- fourth street,
NE 100 by'SE 150, being lots 2 and 3, In Gray's
Bonnie -View Tract, East Oakland; $500.
Maria A. Gamma to Odd Fellows' Cemetery
Association, lot in Odd Fellows' Cemetery; $10.
* Alameda County.
Estate of Mary Facco or Mary ' A. Christo
or Cresto (by Frank Cresta. executor) to Leon
hard Briemle, undivided one-half of lots 1 to
i, 8.- 9, 10, block 17. West End Map 1; $3S50.
Catherina and Frank Cresta , to same, all
same; $4000. . ". , ¦ ; -
Helen J. and Charles G. Budd to Mary H.
Van Kcuren (3-12). Gibsan McCorinell (4-12)
and • Alexander McConnell (2-12). lot on S cor
ner of Twelfth avenue and L street, south, SE
75 by SW 100, block 247. South San Francisco
Homestead and Railroad Association; $42.
Eliza C. Herbert (and as executrix of estate
of Joseph M. ' Comerford) to C. F. Griffin, lot
on N line of California street. .112- E of
Eighteenth avenue,- E 28 by N 100; $355.
Ann Shyne and Josle Wilhelm (wife of
George) to Pierre and Leonie Esperance, same;
$5500. •
Aaron Michael to same, same, quitclaim
deed; $10. - i
Lot D. Slocum (by B. P.' Oliver, commis
sioner) to Hibernia Savings and Loan Society,
lot on S line of Sutter street, 137:6 E of Hyde.
E 60 by S 137:6; also lot on N line of Post
street, 137:6 E of Hyde, E 26:9 by N 137:6;
$47,000. ' ' ¦
Antonio Mamina or Marnina to Ann Shyne.
lot oa NE line of Fourth street. 123 NW of
Harrison, NW 23 by NE 80, quitclaim deed; $10.
John F. Carlln to Rosanna M. Carlln, lot
on S line of Vallejo street, 94:2 E of Powell.
E 13:4 by S 60; $1500.
Robert T. Roberts (by B. P. Oliver, com
missioner) • to Hlbernla Savings and Loan So
ciety, lot on S line of Twenty-third street. 155
E of- Castro. E 50, S 114, E 50, S 114, W 75, N
114; W 25, N 114; $7200.
Frank and -Isabel TV.' Morton to Mary Mo-
Hugh (wifeof Peter), lot on S line of Clay
street, 192:6 W of Maple, W 27:6 by S 127:8%;
$2000. . ' . . .
Tliomas ' R. and Annie K. Hobson to Fran
cols Faubert, lot on E line of Howard street,
108 N of Fourteenth, N 27:7^ by E 115; $4500.
Henry Mangels to Marcus Sheftel, lot on S
line of Page street, 106:3 W of Cole, W 25 by
S 155; $2500.
John and Margaret Coop and James and
Mary Smith to Maurice Rosenthal and Wil
liam Koenig, lot on.N line of Frederick street,
30:3 E of Clayton, E 25 by N 103; $1500.
. Edward Barnett to. Joseph and . EUzabeth
Urba, lot on N line of Page street, 123 E of
Ashbury. E 25 by N 137:6; $3000. - .
Margaret O'Donnell • (by B. , P. Oliver, com
missioner) to Hlbcrnia Savings and Loan So
ciety, , lot on SW corner' of Post and Lyon
streets. W 30, S S8;3%, E 30, N 92:6; $3500.
Barnard Goldberg to Pierre Cassou, lot on
S line of Sutter street, 110 E of Lyon, E 27:6
by S 137:6; $3000.
D. T. Francoeur to F; L. Gadsby, lot on S
lino of Green street, 56:6 E of Scott. E 54 by
S 127:6; also all interest in building contract
dated August 29, 1900, for building room at
2613 , Union street for $225; also contract made
with J. Middleton September 1, 1900,' for re
pairs on building 2431 Green street for $100; $10.
,W. and Esther Fleisher to George P. Tal
lant, lot on NE corner of Washington and
Devisadero streets, E 110 by N 102:8^4; $20,000.
Estate of Charles J. Behlqw (by Robert and
Bertha Behlow, executors) to Edward C. Den
igan, lot on NW corner of Van Ness avenue
and McAllister street, N.60 by W 109:9: $48,000.
• Joseph, Louise C, Francois, Delphine, Jean
C. and Louis CurdV and Joseph Fleury to Ed
ward J. Le Breton, lot on W line of Spear
street, 77:6 N of Mission, N 20 by W 45:10;
$6000. ¦ . . ' .
Edward J. Le Breton to Arthur Rodgers, lot
on SW line, of Spear street, 40 SE from NE
corner of Beach and Water streets, lot 637,- SE
20 by SW 45:10; $7000.
William Ede Company (a corporation) to
same, same; $1000.
Robert and Elizabeth D. Watt and Henry
and Louisa Michaels to A. Aronson, lot on N
corner of Mission and New Anthony streets,
NE 68. NW 103:9, NE 22, NW 23:9, NE 1, NW
60, SW SI, SE 187:6; $100,000. ( J
Moses and' Bertha Fisher to Jan.js Reardon,
lot on NE corner of Vermont and Twenty
fifth streets (Yolo), E 100 by N 25; $3000.
Robert Walmsley to George W. Hall, lot on
E line of Michigan street, 150 N of Twenty
third (Nevada), N 125:7. SE 141:3, S 56:3&, SE
59:10%, W 56:»r N 50, W 100; $500.
Cosmos Loan Association to Richard P. and
Irene Rlckard, lot o n E line of Sixth avenue,
150 N of Clement street, N 25 by E 120; $2000.
Conrad and Althea Uslnger to John and El
len Greely, lot on W line of Seventh avenue,
220:6 N of Point Lobos avenue, N 50 by W 120;
$1500. '
William J. and Emma C. Gunn to William
C. V. Shield.' lot on W line of Tenth avenue.
125 S of Clement street, S 25 by W 120; $1000.
Jacob and Lina Heyman to Anna Huldhusen,
lot on E line of Forty-ninth avenue, 175 N of
J street, N 25 by E 240; $500. .
Abraham and Amelia Aronson to N. K. Mas
ten, lot commencing- on S line in alley (Maggie
alley) 62:6 E of Jones street, and 77:6 N of
Geary, E 75 by N 10: $1000.
Same to same, lot on N line of Geary street,
62:6 E of Jones, E 75 by N 77:6; $135,000.
REAL ESTATE -TRANSACTIONS.
Maria and Bernhard A. Becker to D. S. Dora,
lot on E line of Mason street, 80 S of Geary,
S 25 by E 87:fi; $15,500.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
PALACE HOTEL.
M Tillotson. N Y • " '
F Robinson & w. NT
E Coffin & w. N T
C R Davis. Chicago
T Derby.New 1 Almaden
T M Alles. N Y
A D Levy, N Y
Mrs A Simpson. Ens
F Schuster, London
W Bates. Ohio
L T Easlcy & w, Colo
Mrs T McLaughlln,
Santa Cruz
Miss McLaughlln, Sta
Cruz
G P Nixon. Nevada
O W Brodtbeck. L An
J D Carr. Stan Univ,
J Lathrop. Phila
J Auld. Vermont
R M Stuart, Chicago
S Burrans. Boston
J M Moore & w, Fresno
Mrs G V Mans. Erie
Miss C Mans, Erie
Mrs W McCreery. Erie
H N Coules. U S V
G L Simmons. Sacto
L Meytoyer, Los Ang
C H Redmond, Los An
Mrs R Belfleld. Los An
Miss Belfleld. Los An
I* A Betcher & w. Conn
J P Taylor, Berkeley
G Cas«r & w. Salt Lak
K >" Clum. W-ashingtn
R A Rowan. Los Ang
J G Shields & w. Colo
W A Shaw. Chicazo
L H Fibel. Phila
Mrs V Fibel. Phila
O H Douglass & w.
New York
Mrs H T Brackett.
Kansas City
Master R Brackett,
Kansas City
W F Brackett, Kansas
City
D A Noonan. N Y
R J , Wilson & W.
Springfield
G Richards. U S 31 C
E Smith. Denver
W B Chlsholm & w.
New York
F McLaughlln. Ind
Mrs W Hamilton. WIs
Z Snow. Portland
L Hirsch. N Y
J S Norris. WIs
T MacLaren, Colo
E E Reed. N Y .
T F Laist. Washington
S Stevens, Vermont
C W Ssarr & w, Mont
I D Ishaxn, Chicago
G F Getz. Chicago
L Cravens. U S V
Mrs R Blanchard. Wia
F M Buck. Vacaville
G D Emery & w. Mass
T G r> Gibson. Scotlnd
J - O Elton; Waterbury
Miss Steele Waterbury
Miss Smith, Waterbry
J P Elton. Waterbury
S N Rucker. San Josa
H P Crowell. Chicago
T C Field & w. Minn
P H Waterlow. London
Mrs Waterlow, London
Miss Waterlow.Londoo
Miss J Waterlow, Loa
don
F O Mills. CcuilterrtS*
A Hannan, Lod)
W C Skinner & w,
Hartford
Miss M R Skinner.
Hartord
R K Skinner. Hartford
W C Skinner Jr.Hartfd
E Jarrie. Africa
G J Wesley. Cleveland
E T Catlow. England
R A Cornell, England
W V Pettit. Denver
R Stuart & w, Chicago
D B Lyman, Reno
W D Shea, N Y
W A Junker. Dl Mnts
J McKay. Pittsburs
J A McKay. Pittsburg
GRAND HOTEL
W M Tower. N Y
E Nelson, Los Ang
A W Whitney. La Ang
C H Knapp. Hollister
W Eastman, Hollister
Mrs N H Hurst. Colo
Mrs G H Shore, Colo
L K Goodale & w. N Y
Dr A J Younger, Cal
G Eiherson, Portland
J L Burgess, Tehama
Capt R Wilson. USA
W P Sumner. USA
W P Dickson, Tacoma
J W Greenlaw & w.Cal
A G King. Colo
W H Worswlck. Cal
T Jacobson & fm.Mlnn
Mrs H E Crow, Chicag
F G Martin & w, L An
M R Young, Los Ang
C E. Miner. Minn
A F L Bell, Los Ang
J Loescher & w. Mich
W H Seamans. Sacto
C H Speers. Denver
J O Hestwood. Sn Jose
J Murphy & w. Cal
J M Miller. Mich :
S S Brent. Portland
W Walters & w. Wash
W A Ackley. Mt View
E L Estes. Portland
W R Southard. N Y
J W Hall, 111
G A Lee. Chicago
P J Hlatt. Sutter
C 11 Baldwin, Mass
H C Eckstern & w. Pa
R K Blacow. Del
F M McLean & w. Mo
T Wilson. Portland
D Kilpatrlck, Aria
C Stedman. Los Ang
W W Patersen. Cal
T> S Fish. Hanford
E H Dodd. U S N
R T Nlckerson, Sonom
|H Cusal. Memphis
G W Peltier. Sacto
G P Ayers. Redwood
C Burroughs, Livermor
D T Saxton & w, N Y
\V Lardner & w. Colo
E J Roberts. Lompoc
R V Kimbrough. Sucto
A Hillebrand. Or
NEW WESTERN HOTEL
Mr & Mrs Gage. B C
B Turner. Mont
J Smith. Yuma
L E Smith. N Orleans
M Higglns & w. Ohio
J.H Bauer. Portland
M G Barber. Stockton
J Ryan, Chicago
E J Norman, L Ang
F Backerson. R Vista
F E Potts. Hollister
T Biertoower. Nebr
T C Gri3ham. Stockton
3 E Winser & w.Sacto
W McCabe & w. Ill
L N Campton. N Orlns
S Peterson. Sweden
K Hogberd. St aden
B Jahnsan, Sweden
J Lathgsen, Sweden
J Johanan, Sweden
- f'. W. Crone (owner) with M. J. Savage (con
tractor, with Camp & Carillon, sub-contrac
tors), architect E. JT. Vogel— Cement and con
crete work for 12 flats an 4 houses on lot on
N line of Thirteenth street, 91:3 E of Mission,
E 111:6, — 155, W 111:6, S 143:9%; $4360.
¦ Roman Catholic Archbishop of San Francisco
(corporation sole, owner) with Martin Carrick
(contractor), architect Charles J. I. Devlin-
Lathing, plastering and cementing for a 2
story frame church on lot on W line of Dia
mond street, 75 S of Eighteenth. S 98:8 by W
125, H. A. block 207; $2650. '
Louis Schoenberg (owner) with Thomas "W.
Butcher (contractor). architect . . Sylvain
Schnalttacher— Excavation,' concrete, brick and
terra cotta.work, constructional steel, wrought
iron and cast iron for a 5-story and base
ment brick building on lot on S corner of
First and Stevenson streets, 40 on First by 80
deep; $22,500. - , ~
Same owner with Jones. Peterson & Roun
tree (contractors), architect same— Carpenter,
mill, plastering, tinning and galvanized Iron
work for same on same; $4060.
Builders' Contracts.
Caroline H. Robinson (owner) with A. H.
Wilhelm (contractor), architect C. A. Meuss
dorfter—All work except . mantels, gas fixtures
and shades for a 3-story frame building on lot
on E line of Dpre street, 82 N of Folsom, N
43 by E 75: $3753.
F W. Krone (owner) with M. J. Savage
(contractor), architect E. J. Vogel— All work
excent painting, mantels, shades and chan
deliers, for alterat#>n and additions to two
2-Story frame building on lot commencing at
a Doint 91:3 from NE corner of Mission and
Thirteenth streets, thence along Thirteenth
111:6, N 155; E to point 146 N of Thirteenth, S
146; ?2780. . ¦ ----- -
A. N. Drown and George L. Underhlll (execu
tors of the estate of Louisa Scott Devoe) to
Yee Sue Kwal, lot 2, block D. Oakland Point
Homestead Tract, Oakland; $725. .
Emma Manning (widow) to Annie L. Man
ning, all interest In lot on N corner of East
Twenty-third street and Eleventh avenue, NW
75 by NE 100, block 143, Clinton, East Oak
land; $5. . - - •
Mountain View Cemetery Association to
Maria Rumrill (widow), lot 131 in plat 36.
Mountain View Cemetery, Oakland Township;
$178. - • ' '
Same to Helen L. Seaver (widow), lot 160 In
plat 36, same ; $137.
A. P. and Mary S. Snow to Elizabeth H.
Brown,' all interest" tn lot on'E line of Chest
nut street, >100 N of Railroad avenue, N 30 by
E 100, block 5, lands adjacent to Encinal, Ala
meda; $10.
Minerva J. Sweeney (wife of G. W.) to G.
N. Turner lot 13, block Q. Paradise Park.
Oakland (quitclaim deed); $10.
A. J. and Sophie M. Snyder to same, all In
terest in same ; $500. • \
William T. and Sarah B. Harris to M. J.
Lahey, lot on NW line of Union street. 135 N
of Eighth, N 25. W 115, S 25. E 115 to begin
ning, block 549, official map, Oakland; $2500.
Sarah E. Crane to Anna M. Backus (wife of
Oscar J.), all Interest in lot on NE line of
Monte Vista avenue, 495.21 NW of Oakland.
NW 62:6 by NE 128. being the NW 25 feet of lot
13 and SE 37:6 of lot 12, block A, Linda Vista
Terrace, Oakland; $10.
Frank A. Urmson (single) to Ellen W. Caw,
lot on N line of Nolan or Thirty-third street,
166:3 E of Market, E 50 by N 100. lot 29, block
K. map of property of Central Land Company,
Oakland; $1000. .
Anna R. Wellington (wife of George E.) and
Harriet K. D. Palmer (widow) to Harry J.
and Rose Snow, all. interest in lot 5, block B,
Suburban Tract." Berkeley; $10.
Jose D. Soares to Dora Boepple. lots 11 and
12 block 22, Oak Shade Tract, Alameda; gift.
William J. and Virginia R. Dlngee to John
H. Merrill, lot on S line of Delaware street,
40 W of Milvia, W 40 by S 134.31. lot 2, block
4, Sea View Park. Berkeley; $500.
• J S. and Mary I. A. Myers to Clyde H. Sun
derland, all interest in lot on E line of Bella
Vista avenue, 131.69 N of East Twenty-eighth
street, NE on a curve to the right with a radius
of 155 feet S1.6, thence E 130, SW 78.3. W 155
to beginning, block B, Bella Vista Park, East
Oakland; .$5500.
W. A. Heflinger to Alex Murdock, lot begin
ning at a point 256.13 from NE corner of Thirty
eighth and Market streets, N 139.6, W 50. S
139.6, E 50 to beginning, portion of plat 37,
Rancho V. and D. Peralta. Oakland; $500. . ..
Claus B. Tackle to Ira F. Maynard, lot on
N line of Seventh street. 130 W of Alice, W 95
by N 100, block SO. Oakland; $1000.
John E. and Jane L. Morris to Carl H. Os
good, lot on E fine of Filbert street, 111.8 S
of West Eighteenth, S 37:6 by E 125, lot 30 and
N half of lot 29, block 594, map of Market-street
Tract. Oakland: $3S0T).
Lewis T. Hiss-Ins to George H. Strong, all
Interest in lot on S line of Moss avenue, 40 W
of Plymouth street. W 133.57, E 134.16 to : a
point from point of beginning on a line drawn
at right angles with S line of Moss avenue,
N 134.16 to beginning, lot 13, block H. amended
map of Moss Tract, Brooklyn Township; $1000.
Frederick and Mary E. Ryer to • Calvin Es
terly, lot on SW corner of Ellsworth street and
Durant avenue, W 94. by S 130. being the E 94
feet of N half of lot 4, block 13, map of Col
lege Homestead Association, ¦ Berkeley: $5500.
H. C. Morris to Isabel G. Snow, lot 67. block
3», "Warner Tract. Brooklyn Township: $500.
Scenic Park Realty Company to George "W.
Werner, all Interest in lot 22, block 8. Daley's
Scenic Park. Berkeley: $2000.
Edward C. Sessions. Jr. to Frank G". Drum,
all interest in parcel of land bounded N by
right of way of Southern or Central Pacific
liailroad. S by ship channel, E by center of
Ninth avenue extended $ to ship channel, and
W by center line of Fifth avenue extended S to
ship channel. East Oakland; $10.
John J. and Jennie A. Hlgglna to H. A.
Williams, the N 100 feei of lota 4 and 5. block
89, tract B, Berkeley Land and Town Im
provement Association, quitclaim deed, Berke
ley; $10. '.
John Everding to same, same, quitclaim
deed, Berkeley; $10.
Frances and Lizzie M. Ferrier to same,
same, quitclaim deed. Berkeley; $10.
E. D.- Block to G. L. Fits, lot 18, block S3,
as surveyed by J. T. Stratton in 1853, quit
claim deed, Alameda;$10. • f
F. Mathiesen to same, lot on ¦ NE of First
street, 66.6 Nff from NW line of W. P. K. R.
right of way, NE 201 by NW 453.20, portion
of A. S. Ladd estate, Livermore, Murray
Townshlp; also lot on "W- line of 'I street, 150
N of Oak, SW 143.32, N 40.51, NE 6.31, NE
121.7. S 50 to beginning, portion of O'Leary
Tract, same, quitclaim deed. Murray Town
ship; $2500.
Union Savings Bank to Realty Syndicate (a
corporation), lot 15, block 210S, Alden Tract,
at Temescal, Oakland: $300.
George L. Fitz (administrator of estate of
Charles Babb) to J. S. Fits, lot on W line of
Market street. 77:6 N of Thirty-first. N 25, W
144.06, S 27.72, E 1S3.CS to . beginning, lot 4.
block 2039. Rowland Trac'., Oakland; $1100.
Ernest A.- and Elizabeth D. Heron to David
McKay, lot oil E corner of Moss and Fair
mount avenues, SE 50. NE 103.50. NW 46. SW
98.10 to beginning, lot 25, blocK F, Linda Vista
Terrace, Map 2. Oakland, quitclaim deed; $10.
Emma and Samuel McCool to George Sterl
ing, lot 5 on revised map of Piedmont Cable
Tract, Oakland Township; $300. . •
Edward L. and Clara A. Flllmoro to Eva
M. French (wife of William J.), all Interest In
lot 18, Map of Berkeley Park, being: a resub
division I of block U, Newbury Tract, . subject
to deed of trust, Berkeley; $1300.
¦Henry W. Taylor to Henry Schuman, all in
terest in lot on 8 line of Bristol street. 83 E
of Tenth, E:i2:6 by S 100, block 81. Tract — s
Berkeley Land and 'Town Improvement Asso
ciation, Berkeley; $10. .
block 71, on Map of Northern Addition to
Brooklyn, quitclaim deed, East Oakland;
grant. . . -
Nellie Beigle to James Reed, lot 11, on Map
of subdivisions 6 and 7, Hardy Tract, Quit
claim deed, Berkeley; $10. , ¦ ¦ . ...
THE SAX FEANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, APRIL 2G,19O1.
13
Pg UNITED -UNDERTAKERS,
.17 and 29 Fifth st* Tel. South' 167. > '"
IDNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMER3
Finest Equipment at - Moderate Rates. '
Pacific Coast .Steamship Co.
FOR
B| NOME
r :"'--^w|l GOLDFIELDS.
THE STEAMSHIP
CITY OF PUEBLA
"Will Sail
From San Francisco May 26
Connecting at Seattle with the Company* i New
and Splendid
Steamship Senator
For Nome Direct.
Leaving SEATTLE May 30th.~
The Senator made five trips to Nome last
year, being one of the first to arrive there,
landing all her passengers and freight without
loss mishaD or material delay. -
For passenger rates apply TICKET OFFICE,
4 New Montgomery Street. /
GOODALL. PERKINS & .CO.. Gen, Agts.,
¦ ' ' 10 Market Strest.
AMERICAN LINE.
HE* Y03K. SOUTH »MPT0!T. LONDON. PABI&
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound..
From New York Every "Wednesday. 10 a. m.
St Paul.. :.*....'.: May 8|St. Paul... :.May 29
St. Louis......... May 15 St. Louis June »
New -York .'.May 23' New York.. .....June 12
RED STAR LINE.
. . New YorVc and Antwerp.
- From New York Every Wednesdey, 13 noon.
Friesland .'.......May 8 Kensington May 29
Southwark ......May 15iZeeland ....June 5
Pennland ..'. May 22) Friesland ..June 12
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY.
, ¦ : . CHAS. D. TAYLOR.
General Agent Pacific Coast, 30 Montgomery st.
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION CO.
*nd CIA SUD AVERIdNA E VAPO^B-
To Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican, Central
and South American ports. Sailing Fremont-
street wharf, 12 m.
PERU ............May 3IPALENA .......May 38
GUATEMALA .May la! LOA ...... .^ June 12
These steamers are built expressly for Central
and South American passenger service. (No
change at Acapulco or Panama.) Freight and
passenger office, 315 California street.
BALFOUR, GUTHRIE & CO., Gen. Agents. .
JAMES^ McGINN,
Formerly, with McGlnnn Bros , has opened
new Funeral Parlorsat 214 Eddy St. bet.
Taylor and Jones. ' Telephone, South .576. , |
1 McAVOY & CO...
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMERS,
1239 Market St., between 8th and 9th. „
• ¦''¦¦: Telephone South 247. ,''.- t -?> ¦¦• ¦„:<¦•
hBNRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
(Successor to "'¦ Flannagan & Gallagher.) :
' DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTOR8 AND EMBALMERS.
,20 Fifth st., opposite Lincoln School.
... Telephone . South : 80. . .
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE. .
12250 EACH — Two new 5 rooms and bath cot-
tages on Weft Et., nr. 25th; can be purchased
on easy payments; lots 28x140. each; must be
Been to be appreciated. Call or address A. JV
SNYDER. 467 9th 6t.. Oakland, Cal.
OAKLAND . ROOMS AXIJ BOARD. I
TOURISTS, go to the Arlington Hotel; large
sunny rooms; table unexcelled; central; 9th &
Washington. Oakland. M. W. WILLIS, Prop.
OAKLAND FIRMTURE FOR SALE.
AN introduction to you from H. Schellbaas, th«
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
HOOJIS FOR HOUSEKEEPINGS
BIRCH ave., 617%— 3 housekeeping rooms, $3.
Apply 642 Grove st.
ELLIS, 621 — Front room furnished for house-
keeping; gas stove; $10.
GOLDEN GATE ave., 622— Sunny bay-window
suite, 3 rooms, nicely furnished; gas. bath.
HAIGHT. 222 — 2 nicely appointed housekeeping
rooms for couple; teJephone; references.-
HOWARD, 761 1 /?— Nicely furnished bay-window
suite; man and wife; others; reasonable.
LIBERTY; 129 — 3 or more elegantly, completely
furnished housekeeping rooms; gas stove;
use of piano; phone; pleasant surroundings.
McALLISTER, 416 — Large sunny parlors; com-
plete housekeeping ; $2 a week up; furnished
and unfurnished; reference.
MINNA, 28— Housekeeping rooms and single
rooms, 75c tier week. •.-,•. •¦ ,
OAK, 119— Large sunny front- room, furnished
f** housekepeing: stove; closet; $9; 2 rms. $12.
SECOND. 212— Furnished rooms for housekeep-
• ingj^reasonable and respectable.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscrlptiona
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st. . .
ROOMS TO LET- — Fnrn.'and I'nfnrn.
AHLBORN HOTEL, 321 Grant ave.— Best $1 a
day family hotel In city; polite attendance;
large rooms, EOc up; meals 25c; free coach.
A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE, 148 Sixth— Rooms.
25c to $1 per night; $1 25 to $5 per 'week, and
light housekeeping rooms: open all night.
BURNETT. 1426 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nlshed rm&. suites, single; also unfurnished.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
ELDER Room-renting Bureau. 22 Kearny st. —
Tel. Red 1334; rooms furnished or unfurnished.
FIFTH. JOT— Pleasant unfurnished rooms to
let. ..-¦•¦
FIFTH, 264— Nicely furnished clean front
room ; bath ; for 1 or 2 young men ; rent $6 50.
GEARY. 1137— Newly furnished rooms, en suite
¦ or single.
GRAND SOUTHERN, southeast corner Seventh
and Mission sts.— Sunny rooms, en suite or
¦ 6ingle; ladies' parlor; reading-room: elevator.
JESSIE. 363. nr.' Fifth and Market— Furnished
rooms, $4 and $5.
LARKIN, S04— Large sunny front, nicely fur-
nished, $10; large sunny back, nicely fur-
nished, $8.
NEW ARLINGTON, 1015 Market St.— Nicely
furnished rooms. $2 a week up; 35c a day up.
NOE. 266. near Market and Sixteenth— 5 or 6
sunny rooms, furnished or unfurnished.
O'FARRELL, 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; elec. lights; day. week, mo. >
POND, 72, near Seventeenth and Noe^ — 2 nice
sunny parlors, unfurnished; bath; $8.
ROSEDALE House, 319-321 Ellis st.— Rooms,
night, 25c to $1; week, $1 25 to $4: open night.
ROYAL -House, 126 Ellis— Incandescent light:
reading-room, smoking room and ladles' par-
lor; rooms, per night, 35c to $1 50; week, $2 to
$8; month, $8 to $30: elevator on ground floor;
rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth st.,
near Market— Furnished or unfurnished.
SILVER. 127B. near Third and Harrison— Sun-
. ny furnished rooms in private family; reas-
onable; bath.
TURK, 126— Sunny furnished front room' suita-
ble for- 1 or 2 gentlemen. Call 1 to 9 p. m.
VALLEJO, 1121 — 4 unfurnished rooms; yard;
' water free; rent $10.
VAN NESS, 930
Bachelors' apartments; elegantly furnished;
all south rooms; references.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st. ¦
ROOMS AND BOARD. '
O'FARRELL, 605 (Johnson House)— Elegant
large sunny rooms, suitable . for family of
adults; excellent table; also single rooms;
beautiful grounds; references.
ROOMS "and board; prices reasonable. 415
First st.. between Harrison and Bryant.
AT summer rates: attractive rooms; special
table: wine dinners. 807 California st.
ROOMS AND BOARD WANTED.
JEWISH gentleman wants pleasant, nicely fur-
nished room near Van Ness ave. Box 4072,
Call offlce. •
ROOMS WANTED.
1 LARGE unfurnished room, $3 or $4 per
month. Box 4047, Call offlce.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO..
• 415 Monteoniprv st.. rooms 9-19: tel. 5580.
LEAVING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES?
ALL kinds bought, sold and repairing guaran-
teed. Charles Plambeck, 1915 Mission, nr. 15th.
ALL kinds bought, soM. rented, exchanged, re-
paired; open even.; phone Black 1124. .205 4th.
BOUGHT, sold, rented, repaired; needles and
shuttles: reduced rates. 145 6th: phone Mint 5.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
P^E^CE^aO^OL^PH^St^ragT^nTl^lnT'cal
office. Post and Powell sts.; tel. Main 5713.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., 722 Mission St.;
tel. Main 1840; shipping at cut rates.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany, 2320 Fillmore it. ; phone Jackson 281.
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse. 840 Mls-
slon St.; tel. Mint IS?!. F. W. ZEHFUSS.
TO LEASE.
lovely" home! ~ """
To lease for a long term to responsible
party, 40 acres of best land, good locality in
Santa Cruz County; only half a mile from
depot; consisting- of about 25 acres of best
wine grapes and balance best fruit; apples,
cherries, plums, etc.; lovely cottage, fur-
nished, also horses, carriage, phaeton, etc.;
also fine winery and cooperage for 30,000 gal-
lons. Box 3841. Call office.
TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES.
<^EAT""ESR^^Ns"iN~TTOBW^T^^S^We
sell better machines for less money than any
house In the city; rentals, $3. The Typewriter
Exchange. 636 California: telephone Main 268.
LEGAL ADVERTISEMENTS.
EXTENSION'^or proteVt^CapTain JOH^ 'SeX-
EKE, master of the German bark Willy
Rickmera, will extend his protest on Friday,
April 26, 1901, at 10 o'clock a. m., at the of-
flce of the Imperial German Consulate in this
city. 318 Sacramento St. O. LOHAN, Imperial
German Vice Consul.
* San Francisco. April 23, 1901.
PROPOSALS.
A^vS^IS^Mi£jH^67n^e~^f~thT^hIef~En^
glneer. Division of the Philippines, . Manila,
P. I., March 1, 1901— Sealed proposals for
constructing a harbor at Manila, P. l. ( will
be received at this offlce until 11 o'clock a.
m., August 1, 1901. and thei» publicly opened.
Work to be done Includes about 150,000 cubic
yards riprap. 21,000 cubic yards concrete and
rubble masonry in breakwaters, about 5,000,-
000 cubic yards of dredging and a pile bulk-
head 4700 feet long. Dredging In mud, sand
and shells to a depth of thirty feet. Dredged
material to be used for reclaiming land.
Bids must be accompanied by a bond of one
hundred thousand dollars ($100,000) ' In gold.
One contract will be made for the' whole
work. Contractor's bond will be 10 per cent
of the amount bid. The right Is reserved to
reject any or all bids. For specifications and
blank forms apply to this offlce, Bureau of
Insular Affairs, Washington. D. C; United
States Engineer Offices at New York, Chi-
. cago and San ' Francisco. JOHN ' BIDDLE.
•' Captain." Engineers. ' •
SAN FRANCISCO. CaL, ¦ April L 1901— Sealed
proposals, in triplicate, will be received here
until 11 o'clock a. nv. May 1, 1901, and then
opened for construction of frame hospital
stewards' quarters at Fort McDowell. Cal.
Government i reserves right to • reject - or ac-
. cept any or all bids, ¦ in whole or in part.
.Preference given to articles of, domestic pro-
duction, conditions of price and quality (In-
cluding in the price of foreign ' productions
the duty • thereon) ~ being equal, and such
preference given to articies of . American
production produced on the Pacific Coast, -to
extent of consumption required by the public
service • there. Information furnished on ap-
plication to. J. M. MARSHALL. Assistant
• Quartermaster General, Chief Q. M. ¦ . - — . : -
OCEAN TRAVEL
REAL ESTATE CITY FOR. SALE.
EXECUTRIX AUCTION.
We have been Instructed by the widow of
the late John P. Poole esq. to sell their grand
ten-room house and lot, stable and outhouse*.
-S8 Laidley St.. cor. Fairmont st. : lot 176x150.
" Cottage of 4 rooms. 140 La.ldley St.: lot IOOx
"one lot, eCxl!l. on Palmer st., near Fairmont.
One lot, 100x100, on Laidley st., near Mateo
Sale Tuesday. April 30, at 10:30 a. m.. on the
property.
The above property must be sold regardless
of cost or value. This is a grand chance to
buy good property at your own price.
Send for descriptive catalogue. •
J. A- MUNBO & CO.. Auctioneer*. .
Office 240 Stockton St., S. F. : tel. James 154L
A FINE purchase— The cheapest lots In Rich-
mond: only 2 left out of the tract; choice and
well located, with all the street work done;
brick sewers In and graded; ready for build-
ing; 25x120 each; 1 lot on sixth ave., 1 lot on
Seventh ave., near Point Lobos ave.; easy of
access; the Jackson and Sacramento st. cars
paes on Sixth ave. : the Geary and branch of
Sutter et. cars within a few steps; 4 lines to
choose from; price only $635 each; gas. water
and electricity ready to turn on; both these
lots are a prize for a contractor and builder
to buy to build houses on; they were ap-
praised at $900 each in the Probate Court.
"VV. J. GUNN. 530 California st.
OIL land, farms, stock ranges, garden land in
the oil belt at very low prices; any sized
tract. For illustrated circular and terms call
on or write to J. F. BECKETT, Arroyo
Grande. San Luis Oblspo County, Cal. Don't
fail to see these lands if you want bargains.
FOR SALE— Ranch of late A. P. Towne, 1000
acres at Point Pan Pedro, two miles from San
Rafael. Marin County; has water frontage of
two miles on San Francisco Bay. Address
GEORGE A. WOODBURY, Beverly, ; Mass.
i BARGAIN— Fine income property in Mission;
stores and flats; price $8500; only $3000 cash;
rents pay balance, on installment. ROGER B.
j MAGEE. 207 Montgomery st. . - ..
I27.0C0-REDUCED from $30,000; lot 125x100;
suitable for manufacturing or storage; central ¦
location. COFFEY. HUGHES & CO., 630
Market Bt. .
FOR Sale— Well-constructed, modern residence,
8 rooms and bath, in a desirable location
near park; reasonable terms. 660 Mission st.
IF you have lots to sell north of the Park,
then call on W. J. GUNN. 530 California st.
MODERN cottages and fiats built: reasonable;
plans furnished. Salisbury, bullder,133S Market. |
FOR the best located lots in Richmond and the j
cheapest call on W. J. Gunn, 530 California.
KEAL ESTATE COUNTRY For Sale j
BUY in Napa County :• no droughts, no Irriga-
tion, no failure of crops; write us for free
copy "Napa County Viticulturist." The W. ,
A. MACKINDER CO.. St. Helena. C&l.
MARION GRIFFIN. Real Estate Agent, 719 i
Market st.. by Call bldg.— Free circulars de-
Beriblng farms for sale all over this State.
POULTRYand dairy ranches for sale; write for :
free list. C. R. WINFIELD, Petaluma. Cal. ,
NEW house, with \Vz acres of land for sale.
N. BUCKLEY, P. O, box 174, Pelaluma, Cal.
WRITE J. W. HORN. S12 Malu. Petaluma. for
free copy cf Sonoma Co. real estate bargains.
ROSS VALLEY REAL ESTATE.
FOR SALE — In Ross Valley, 7 minutes' walk
from San Anselmo station, an attractive
home, having 10 rooms and bath; lot 50x200;
well cultivated. For particulars inquire- of
J. I. TAYLOR, 404 Sansome- st.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
$2080— NEW 6-room cottage; porcelain bath,
tiled sink, stationary tubs, fine mantel; 1
block to station and electric cars; $100 cash,
balance ?20 per month. W. C. MdRAN -&
• CO.
$1200— 5-ROOM cottage; lot 100x120; fruit trees,
berry vines, barn, chicken house, etc.; 1
block to cars. W. C. MORAN & CO.
$750 — 3-POOM cottage; barn, chicken house,
etc.; lot 70x100; good well: $150 'cash, balance
$10 per month. W. C. MORAN & CO.
$2500— 8-ROOM house; corner lot. 45x100; 2
blocks to cars; will trade for a ranch of
equal value or will sell; $100 down, balance
$20 per month. W. C. MORAN & CO.,
Lorln Station, or Schmidt block. Berkeley.
FRUITVALE ADVERTISEMENTS
FHUITVALE REAL ESTATE.
TWO choice well-located lots, in Denver. Colo.,
cost owner $900 in 1S89. to exchange for lots
or small cottage in San Francisco or Oak-
land; will pay cash difference. PRATT, P.
O. box. 6. Frulti-ale. Cal.
MILL VALLEY REAL ESTATE.
FOR sale — Loto, houses and lots or acreage In
beautiful Mill Valley. Apply S. H. ROBERTS,
real estate and insurance. Mill Valley, Cal.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATES.
AT AUCTION.
AT AUCTION.
AT AUCTION,
AT AUCTION.
! . AT AUCTION,
Bank Properties.
SATURDAY, MAY 4,
2 p. m., at office.
YOUR RENT WILL BUY
A HOME.
Payments Include principal and interest.
A clean-up at your Price.
At less than houses cost.
BERKELEY HOME— $200 cash, $20 mo.; 3025
Ellis St., nr. Prince; bet. Lorln and Ashby sta-
tions; modern 2-story Colonial 7-room; bath; 2,
mantels; fine order; 42x109; 'street complete. ¦
GOLDEN GATE OR LORIN-STA. COT-
TAGE— $150 cash. $15 mo.; 1031 . Sixty-third or
Feltori St.; 2 blocks San Pablo ave. ; .bay-win-
dow; 5 rooms; bath; brick foundation; nice
order; 50x162. • '
LORIN STATION LOTS— $50 cash. $5 per ma ;
N. s. 62d or Crawford St., 2 blocks east San
Pablo ave.; 2 lots, each 60x168.
GOLDEN GATE COTTAGE— $150 cash. $15
mo. ; &3d or Mattie ave. : 2 blocks San Pablo
cars; 6 rooms; mantel; brick foundation; stable;
40x109; newly painted; choice neighborhood.
WEST BERKELEY LOT-$25 Cash. $5 mo.;
S. s. Carrison. 291 E. San Pablo; 33x126.
NORTH OAKLAND LOTS— $50 cash. $3 mo.:
S. .e. 43d St., 90 ft. W. of Market; 2 lots, each
50x100; near electric cars and new ferry.
ALAMEDA COTTAGE— $150 cash, $15 mo.:
1S13 Broadway: 5 blocks Park-st. local; cozy; 6
rooms bath; 50x123: shrubbery; nice order.
CHOICE CENTRAL EAST OAKLAND
HOME— $300 cash, $30 ma ; 13S0 13th ave., cor.
E. 18th St.; near station; fine 2-story; 9 rooms;
2 toilets; S mantels; furnace; gas fixtures;
choice neighborhood; first-class condition.
EAST OAKLAND COTTAGE— $150 cash. $15
mo. ; S57 E. 21st St., nr. 19th ave. ; bay window;
E rooms; bath; lot 60x140; newly painted; fronts
electric cars; street macadamized.
TWENTY-THIRD-AVE. j COTTAGE — $250
cash, $25 ma; 1127 E. 20th ex.: 23d-ave. cars:
modern; 7 rooms; bath; fine order; beautiful
view; near station, churches, schools; lot 75x150.
EAST OAKLAND COTTAGE— $100 cash; $10
mo.; 1007 E. 23d Bt., nr. 21st ave.; 3-room cot-
tage; elevated; 50x140; good neighborhood.
EAST OAKLAND COTTAGE— $125 cash;
$12 60 ma ; 1004 E. 22d St., nr. 21st ave. ; cozy
bay-window; 4 rooms; basement; brick foun-
dation; 25x140; sightly; near cars, school.
STORE AND FLAT— $200 cash. $15 mo.; 1570
and 1572 21st ave.: E. 21st st. cars half block;
modern: double bay-window, 2-story; shelving,
fixtures: fiat 5 rooms; bath; mantel; street
macadamized; 27:6x125; see this.
TWENTY-THIRD AVE.- STA. COTTAGE—
$150 cash, $15 mo.: 641 Kennedy St.; sta. 1
block; bay-window; 6 rooms; bath: brick foun-
dation; macadamized: splendid home.
E. O. CORNER LOT— $50 cash, $5 mo.; NE.
cor. 15th ave. and E. 17th St.; 42x90; near 23d-
ave. eta.; adjoins nice improvements.
FRUITVALE STA. LOT— $50 cash. $5 mo.;
S. s. Washington, 100 feet E. Brandon st.; 25x
125: homes adjoining: 3 blocks of station.
TWENTY-THIRD AVE. STA. LOT— $20 cash.
$5 mo.; N. side E. Ninth St., 223 E. of 28th
ave.; zExlOO. . '
ELMHURST COTTAGE— $150 cash, - $12 50
mo.; First ave. ; block power-houses : modern;
bay-window; 5 rooms; bath; barn; 50x150.
ELMHURST COTTAGE— $150 cash. $12 60
mo.; Third st., nr. Jones ave,; new; bay-win-
dow; 6 rooms; bath; 40x115; cement walks.
ELMHURST LOT— $25 cash; $5 mo.: SW.
cor. Orchard and Third ave.: Stone Tct.: 50x
140; 8 blocks cars: powerhouse.
REMEMBER DATE, _> • - . ! • :
SATURDAY, MAY 4. AT 2 P. M.
Write for maps. Call and be shown propertlei.
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO.,
Salesroom 460 and 462 8th St.. Oakland.
$100 DOWN; near Adeline station; 4 rooms;
eunny side; 25x133; only $10 monthly; dis-
count for spot cash.
. $7B0— Two-story house and lot, BO feet front,
with well, windmill and tank; fine water
supply; close to San Pablo ave.; walking dis-
tance of station; easy monthly payments;
discount for epot cash; see at once..
$2750 — Price reduced; forced sale on account
of mortgage of $1800: fine Urge Eastlake cot-
tage of 7 rooms, bath, high-floored basement;
lot 60x140; ninny 6lde;.near San Pablo ave.;
barn, flowers, shrubbery, stone walks, etc.,
etc; street work complete; worth $3500; 'look
this UP. ¦ " :.¦-•.
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO..
1008 • Broadway, Oakland.
FOR sale or exchange— A new , 13-room house
and stable for cottage. Inquirtf at 1520 Eighth
ave.. East Oakland. . -
MCSXCA.L KfSTBDMEJfTS.
AIX uprights lowest prices and easiest terms.
1 Novella $65 2 Chickerlngs (like
1 Heine baby grand new) ..$200
(like new) S32SI 2 Heine* $315 up
1 Fteinway S185 1 1 Hallet-Davis ...S4G3
And fifty other*: rent* J2 up allowed on pur-
chase. \Ve handle all makes. Agents for some
of the oldest and most famous pianos in ex-
istence, including Hallet Davis, indorsed by all
the greatest masters; over £0.000 in use inmost
exclusive homos. Heine Piano Co. 217 Geary.
A \A* pianos purchased of SHERMAN. CLAY
*: CO. may be exchanged for a new Steinway
upright or baby (rrand piano any time within
3 years from date of purchase., and have full
price allowed. New upright pianos. $6 per
month" f>ome food pianos sold for $3, Jt and
S3 per month. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.,
Fteinway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
f=t* San Francisco: corner Broadway and
Thirteenth gt.. Oakland. |
ABSOLUTELY the *>'.dert and largest house
weet of Chicago is KOHLER & CHASE'S. 2«.
•S and 30 O'Farrell 6t. : pianos, organs and
nil other musical instruments of all grades
tnJ prices: terms easy; prices lowest: every-
thirifr possible done to please and satisfy the j
customer. .
A CHANCE to buy a pocd thing for less than
5t is worth is always desirable. "We have lota
of Furh chances Just now for any one wanting
fi pood plaro cheap. MAUVAIS MUSIC CO..
VC9 Market ek
k PIANO enaps— $60. $75. $80. $125. J130; e»y
pavments: also Apollo silently used. n. bar-
rain. BE.VJ. CUUTAZ & SOX. 16 O'Farrell
*t. Chlckerlnr agency.
RECEPTION week at Byron Mauzy's piano
wsrerooms and factory: concerts daily: vis-
itors welcome: no charge. 308 Post st.
13 PER month rents a beautiful piano. SCOTT-
CURTAZ PIANO CO.. C60 Hayes gt.
$117— MAHCGAN'Y case Fischer upright. 217
Geary et.. room 2S.
A FMALL Chiokering upright. $125; 6 uprights,
second -handed; your choice at $110. 217 Geary.
GEXTIXMAN irolns East must sacrifice hand-
lome S.pedal uprigrht piano. 618 Eddy st.
J« UPRIGHT. $125 Kr.abe, JI33 Steinway &
Sons, at FAY'S piano factory, 1723 Mission.
AT WILSON'S Storace. 1706 Market St.. you
cen ret storage pianos almost for a song.
EPECIAL sale of pianos this week; Bteinway,
Kr.sbe and ethers. BRUENN. 208 Post st.
BIGGEST bargain In Fisher upright piano;
f^arly new; murt be sold. 301 Jones st
HIGH-GRADE pianoa: Steck. Hartman. Con-
cver and others. Wiley B. Allen Co.. 314 Post.
BARGAIN — Must be f-old; nice-uprlRht piano.
fCHMITZ. 16 McAllister, next Hibernia Bank.
A NEARLY new grand upright cheap: brilliant,
powerful tones. HOnNUN'G. 216 McAllister.
jkT*KEEFFE'S. 933 Market rt.. 4 elegant vip-
rlfhtr at your own price. Shonlnser as-ency.
SUPERIOR •violins, zl'hers. old and new. H.
MULLER, maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
A 'WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
H paces. In wranrcr. for mailing, tl per year.
OIL..
WHY do we sell so much of our 5-cent oil
Flock? Because It is reliable and offers extra-
nrrtlnary chances for Quick and pure profit;
•»rd for prospectus or. better still, see uc;
op«?n evenings. PACIFIC STATES MINING
and INVESTMENT CO.. 326 Post St.; estab-
llfhed 1*93.
flSfl WILL secure a promoter's interest <5000
shares) in reliable oil company: responsible
business men behind it: onlv few vacancies
left: investigate this. C13 Emma Spreckels ¦
building. 917 Market £t.
THE W. n. THOMAB CO.— Oil lands in the
b«st districts: investieate: Fearless Oil and
Water Co.: a good investment: water trans-
portation. 409 Examiner big.. 464 9th. Oakland.
JOSEPH B. TOPLITZ. 330 Pine st.
MEMBER PRODLTERfi 1 OIL EXCHANGE.
Country Correspondence Solicited.
OIL tanks, second-hand, in pood order; all
sires: cheap. II. P. WHITE. 516 Mission Ft.
OIL LANDS.
OIL lands for sale or lease in all parts of the
Ptate. We can furnish you with lands In the
ttest localities. If you are looking for lands
or wifh to invest in stocks of the leading oil
companies call on us before going elsewhere.
FHEA & PETERSON. 301 Examiner building.
75.000 ACRES oil land in various counties for
lease and sale. ROBINSON. 36 Geary st., r. 6.
PAIXTERS ASP DECORATORS.
WALL paper, window shades: rooms papered,
$8 ut). Jensen & Bath. 30S Sixth: open even. ;
PALMISTRY.
HT^roOaiE^^O^SEl^LJrscientlflc palmfsC 515
Taylor et.. bet. Geary and Post; tel. Black 561.
HAKTMCKs WAMEU.
WANTED— Doctor as l&rtner on new dlscov-
ery. Box 3SS3, Call office.
PATE.\TS AND PENSIONS.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful.
GEO D. CAMPBELL. Lawyer. Examiner big.
PERSONALS. ~ "
A NEW and harmless discovery, a eimple clay,
¦which will turn white hair black, brown,
auburn or red, and blonde hair a rich golden.
In from four to twelve hours, according; to
shade required. DR. FRANCIS C. SHER-
MAN, 406 Sutter et
¦.; THE Microbane Medical Co.. removed to 411
Geary et.. where they give you fre« treat-
ment for bald beads, falling hair and dan-
;'. draff; Mlcrobane Hair Grower cures all cases;
we also remove superfluous hair; call and see
us. Microbane Medical Co., 411 Geary st.
DRESS up — You'll find a complete stock of
gents' furnishing goods at SMITHS' CASH
STORE, 27 Market Bt. ; gloves. 25c up; under-
wear, 25c up; dress shirts, 60c up; you can
cave money; all new spring styles.
ALASKA outfits at right prices; things to eat
or wear— not one thing, but everything; save
money and get the right things at SMITHS'
CASH STORE. 25 and 27 Market et.
J GAINED S pounds In 2 months by eating
8MITHS' French mixed candy; It's pure,
that's sure; 25c pound at 25 Market St.; worth
double. .
A — IF your hair Is falling or you are bald, call
on DR. G. S. MOORE, 4SS Geary st.. and you
will not be disappointed; this remedy is posi-
tively guaranteed; preparation sent to all
parts of the world; ceXi or send for circular.
NEIGHBOR WILLIAMS— I go for lunch every
day to Home Dining Room, 27 Market St.,
elxth floor; excellent sen-ice; excellent home-
cooked food; right price.
WHITE enamel iron beds, single, three-quarter
or double, f 2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO., 1310-1312 Stockton at., near Broadway.
WRINKLES— Call and 6ee woman wrinkled oh
one side, emooth on the other; $1000 forfeit for
a case of wrinkles we cannot remove. N. Y.
Inst. Dermatology, 105 Ellis st., S. F.
CIGARETTE and tobacco habit cured iX
Lome: $5; valuable Information for liquor,
morphine, opium, all drug habits. MR9.
WILLIAMS. 1S39 Polk et.. Ban Francisco.
f\ WEEKLY— Suits to order from genuine
Scotch, 915 up; fine dress suits, $20 up; ele-
gant overcoats, $15 up. LEON LEMOS. 1117
Market et.. between Seventh and Eighth.
ELECTRIC light In every room — Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third et.. near Market; "00 rooms;
25c to tl EO per night; tl 60 to $6 per week;
free 'bus ana baggage to and from the ferry.
SCHOOL to learn bairdresslnr. hair work. roan.
lcortnr; private lessons or class. MISS A. V.
DOYLE, 1704 Market, bet. Polk and Van Ness.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates; 10
years' experience. J. B. RAY. 357 Jessie st.
Dr Harriett Welch. 2115 Bush; hours 2 to S, ex-
cept Th. and Bat.; electrolysis; II years' exper.
EPRING styles Standard patterns now ready.
"Domestic" office. 1021 Market at., nr. Sixth.
OLD eclA. silver, diamonds and precious stones
bought. J. R. JENKFL. S17 Market St.
Ladies* & cents* cast-off clothing bought &
¦old. J. Sllverman. 8S4 Folsom :tel.Fol«om 1U1.
C. LANDECKER. 20 Montjr'y— Watches cleaned
and repaired, no matter what's broken. U ;guar.
ALFREDTTMS Egyptian Henna; restores gray
hair to Its natural color: tl; at all druggists,
MASQUERADE costume, play books, win;
country ydera. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 133 Mkt.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
tlectrlc needle. MISS EATON. 111? Sutter st
DR. LAKOTTE'S French Corn Paint, the beat
corn cure: 25c; all druggists.
CHEAPEST and b«t In America— The Weekly
Call. U Mges, sent to any address In the
United gtates or Canada one year for tL
' PBYSICIAJfS AND SURGEONS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL— Office and residence!
IC21 Market gt.. between Sixth and Seventh.
DR. WONQ HIM, herb doctor, successfully
treavta all 4iseas** of the human body: se«
testimonial* at orflc«. 118-117 Mason, nr. Ellis.
PICNIC SUPPLIES. Z
ON yoor way to picnic or ferry call on MOHNS
A MOHKe, 29 Market st.. for finest wines and
liquors: Plggest house; open Sundays.
PILES- L .
__-«» Jf EARLY 1000 permanent cures here I In your
midst, many who have suffered 20 to SO
years; over fifty names of prominent, busi-
ness men 6«r.t as reference; no chloroform,
surgery or delay from business, and no
sali-es for «ale. Particulars, address Physi-
cian, box 1950, Call offlce, S.' F.. CaL
OCEAN THAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
* Steamers leave Brpadway
nW wharf. San Francisco:
1 v6!*>*w^ For Alaskan Ports — 11 a. m..
jV^&^Sfek. April 21. 26. May 1. Change to
t ?P»tw»pE»k Company's steamers at Se-
M I^^^S 5Ht1 For Victoria, Vancouver (B.
( ESaeK-i^iSSl c ->. Port Townsend. Seattlp.
llr^^MkgreaM Tacoma. Everett. Anacortes
and New Whatcom (Wash.)—
11 a. m.. April 21. 26, May land
every fifth day thereafter. Change at Seattle
for this company's steamers for Alaska and O.
N Ry.: at Seattle or Tacoma to N. P. Ry. ;
at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka, Humboldt Bay— 2 p. m.. April
18 »3 26 May 3. and every fifth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Santa Bar-
bara Pert Los Angeles and Redondo (Los An-
eelesS— Steamer Queen. Wednesdays, 9 a. m.;
steamer Santa Rosa. Sundays. 9 a. m.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey. San Simeon. Cay-
ucos Port Harford (San Luis Obispo). Gavlota.
Santa Barbara. Ventura, Hueneme. San Pedro.
East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newport-
Steamer Corona, Fridays. 9 a. m.; steamer Bo-
nlta Tuesdays. 9 a- m.
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay, San Jo«» del
Cabo Mazatlan, Altata. La Paz, Santa Rosa-
lia 9*nd Guaymas (Mex.)— 10 a. m., 7th each
For "further information obtain company's
The "company reserves the right to change
steamers, sailing dates and hours of sailing
without nrevious notice.
TICKET OFFICE — i New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel}.
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agts..
• 10 Market St.. San Francisco.
O. R. & N. CO.
Only Steamship Line to
PORTLAND, Or.,
And Short Rail Line from Portland to all
points East. Through tickets to all
points, all rail or Htsnmshio and rail, at
LOWEST RATES!
Steamer Tickets Include Berth and Meals.
SS. COLUMBIA..... ..Sails Apr. 13. 23. May 3
SS. GEO. W. KLDER.Sails Apr. 8. IS. ». May 3
D. W. HITCHCOCK. General Agent.
1 Montgomery st.. S. F.
NORTHERN COMMERCIAL COMPANY.
For Nome
And St. Michael.
Sailing Dates Approximate Only.
From San Francisco:] From Seattle;
•"Dora" May l| May 7.
"Conemaugh"...May 2ol June 10.
"Portland" May 29f... .«,
"St. Paul" :..Juno II June 8.
•"Dora" will sail via. Juneau. Valdez. Kodiak.
XTnga and TJnalaska.
For rates of passage, freight and other par-
ticulars apply to
NORTHERN COMMERCIAL CO..
310 Sansome Street. San Francisco.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR.
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers far
India, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of sailing. 1
SS. NIPPON MARtT Friday. May 3. "l901
SS. AMERICA MARU.-Wednesday. May ». 1301
ES. HONGKONG MARU.-Satarday. June 22. 1901
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's offics.
421 Market street, corner First.
W. H. AVEP>Y. General Agent.
oceanics.uo.jSS
ES. MARIPOSA (Honolulu only) ,...
Saturday. April -27. a p. m.
SS. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti
Sunday, April 28
63. SIERRA, for Honolulu, Samoa, New
Zealand and Australia .,-"•:.
" Thursday. May 9, 10 a. m.
J. D. SHEKELS & BROS. CO., Eenerai Ansnts. 327 Hartet St
?2n'l Passsngsr Qffita, 643 Harkst St., Pier la. I hit St
PANAMA R.R. 23r~
TO NEW YORK VIA PANAMA DIRECT.
Cabin. *1O5; Steerase. «4O.
6. S. Argyll sails Saturday, May II.
S. 8. ¦ sails Monday, . May 20
S. S. Leelanaw sails Monday. Juno 3
From HarrtaoiJ-at. Wharf, 3 p. m.
Freight and passenger office, 330 Market at.
F. F. CONNOR. Pacific Coast A^ent.
C0MPAONI3 GEJfEHALE TBA53ATLAST13U3
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS.
Sailing every Thursday, instead ol <^>JxX^%
Saturday, at 10 a. m., from Pier 43,
North River, foot of Morton street. First class
to Havre. $53 and upward. Second class to
Havre, »43 and upward. GENERAL AGENCT
FOR EXITED STATES and CANADA. 33
Broadway (Hudson building). New York. J. F.
FUGAZI & CO., Pacific Coast Agents. 5 Mont-
gomery avenue. San Francisco. Tickets sold 07
all Railroad Ticket Agents.
BAY AND KEVEB STEAMEES.
FOR U.S. NAVY YARD ASD VALLEJO.
Steamer, " Montlcello." . .
MON. TUES.. WED., THUKS. AND BAT.,
at 9:45 a. m., 3:15, 8:30 p. m. (except Thurs-
day night); Fridays, 1 p. m. and 8:30; Sundays.
10:30 a, m.. 8 d. m. Landing; and office. Mls-
Bion-st. Dock, Pier No. 3. Telephone Main 15CS.
ABBOTT— In Alameda, April 24, 1901, Henry
Abbott, beloved husband of Annie L. Abbott,
a native of New Hampshire, aged 63 years.
(Conway, N. H-, and Anderson, Shasta
County, papers please copy.)
' IE?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
this day (Friday), at' 10 o'clock, at the
residence, 436 Central avenue. Interment
. Masonic Cemetery.
BAIRD— In this city, April 25. 1901,' Luther A*
beloved son of Jennie and the late Johrr
Baird and brother of William E. and W. N.
' Baird Mrs. W. L. Bunting and Mrs. W. P.
Johnson, a native of Gold Hill, Nev., aged
BRENNAN-In this City, April 25, 1901, Mary
Teresa, dearly beloved and only daughter of
Bridzet and the late Patrick Brennan. and
sister of John J. ¦ and Andrew "Brennan, a.
native of San Francisco, aged 32 years and'
11 months.
COOK— In Berkeley, April 23, 1901, Dorethea
Mickelsorl Cook, , a native of Germany, aged
62 • years. "\ .
GTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, Hockins street, between California
and Grant streets, Peralta Park. Interment
Mountain VJew Cemetery. • ' .
CROUGHWELL- In this city, Elizabeth Helen
Croughwell, second eldest daughter of Mrs.
Anna M. Croughwell, a native of California.
DONOVAN— In this city, April 23. 1901. Robert
Emmett, beloved son of John and Annie
• Donovan, and brother of Charles, Thomas,
Mary, John, Nellie, Gertie, Rosie .and Annie
Donovan, a native of San Francisco, aged 22
years 2 months arid 13 days. • \
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 10 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 1703 Kearny street. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery. ¦ . .
GORMAN— In this city, April 24. 1901, Simon
Gorman, husband of the late Francois Gor-
man, a native of Ireland, aged' 67 years.
E3"P'riends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of H. F. Suhr & Co.. 1137 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery. •
GRAY— In this city, April 26, 1901,' at her resi-
dence, 2201 Fulton street, Delia E., beloved
wife of Hamilton W. Gray, a .native of
Maine, aged 55. years 5 months and 25 days,.
GUINASSO— In this city, April. 24. 1901, Fran-
cesco T., dearly be'lo~ved husband of the late
Maria Guinasso, and father of David J. and
of the late Fred and Julian Guinasso, a' na-
tive of Italy, aged 56. years 1 month and 10
days. . - --
C^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully notified that the funeral will take place
to-mcrrow (Saturday), at 1:30 o'clock, from
his late residence. 617 Green street, thence to
New Italian Cemetery for interment. N. B. —
A solemn requiem high mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of his soul, commenc-
ing at 10 o'clock, at Sts. Peter and Paul's
Italian Church, corner Dupont and Filbert
streets. ' .
HIESTAND— In this city, April 23, 1901. at The
King's Daughter's Home, Mary Hiestand,
- beloved mother of Mrs. Mary Fletcher, and
grandmother of Effle and E. R. Fletcher, a
native cf Scotland, ageu 69 yean* 11 months
and 23 days. (Sierra County papers please
copy.)
¦ (cr Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the • funeral this day
(Friday), at 11 o'clock, from Mlzpah Pres-
byterian Church, Harrison street, near Fifth.
Remains at the parlors of Halsted & Co.,
&46 Mission street.
KULIACHA— In the City and County Hospital,
April 25, 1901, Nicholas Kuliacha. a native of
Austria, aged 20 years.
LANGE— Entered into rest, in East Oakland,
April 24, 1901, Juliet F.. beloved wife of Wil-
liam Lange Jr., daughter of C. C. Bemis.
and sister of Angle ¦ C, Elizabeth A. and
Mary E. Bemis, a native of San Francisco,
aged 29 years 8 months and 10 days. - v.
ET'The .funeral services will take place
to-mnrrow (Saturday), at 10:15 o'clock, at
her late residence. 1723 Nineteenth avenue,
corner East Twenty-fifth' street, East Oak-
land. Interment private.
LLOYD— At her residence, 4315 Twenty-fourth
street, Mary Lloyd, beloved,' mother of the
late Mrs. J.- D. Cleavenger, also mother of
Mrs Richard Christiansen of Napa, . Cal.,
Mrs". Victoria • McLenan and Major A. J.
Lloyd of San Leandro and; Miss Ontario
Lloyd of San Francisco, a , native of Ire-
land, 'aged 65 years and 4 months. (Sacra-
mento papers please copy.) ¦'.
(CTInterment at Sacramento. Cal.
LARSON— In this city, April 25, 1901, Mrs.
Anna Larson, beloved mother of ' Christine
Nelson, Jennie Wright, Rev. C. J. Larson
and Lewis Larson, a native of Bergen. Nor-
wav. aged 85 years 7 months and lb days.
(TTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 1:30 o'clock, frqm her late resi-
dence, 1620 Central avenue, between Sutter
and Bush streets. Interment Laurel. Hill
LAUGHLIN-In the Gity and County Hospital.
April 25, 1901, Patrick Laughlin, a native of
Ireland, aged 34 years. . - : < ¦¦ .
LOUIS— In the City and County Hospital,
April 25, 1901, Meyer Louis, a native of Cali-
fornia, aged 43 years.
MELVIN-In thia city. April 24, 1901, James
W Melvin. brother of Nathaniel Melvin of
Vallejo, a native of Halifax, aged 74 years
and 24 days. • • . .
MORAN-In Vallejo, April 21. 1901, Julia,
dearly beloved wife of Michael F. Moran,
' and mother of Mrs. E. Dyer of Cloverdale,
Mrs J B Olcese of Merced and Margaret.
Joseph, Anna, Loretta and Sue Moran, a na-
tive of Ireland, aged 61 years.
MULLIGAN— A month's mind requiem high
mass will be celebrated in 'St.. Brlgid's
Church Van Ness avenue and Broadway,
to-morrow (Saturday), commencing, at 9
o'clocli f for the repose of the souls of the late
Peter and Nellie J. Mulligan, , Friends are
• respectfully invited to attend. , , • >
NORIN— In East Oakland. April 25. 1901. Annie
¦ C wife of Peter E. Norin,. and mother of
Ella V. Norin, a native of Sweden, axed 45
years 7 months and 3 days. - .-
PALL-In this city, Aprir 24, 1901. Mary A.,
beloved wife of the late Frank Pall, mother
of Frank and Raymond Pall, daughter of
the late Hugh and Alice Doyle, and sister of
Mrs Marearet . Green, Mrs. Regina Sweeney
and' Ester and John Doyle, a native of San
Francisco, aged SO years 3 months and • 29
iryFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday) at 10:30 o'clock, from the funeral
pariora of Porter & White. 122 Eddy street,
thence to St. Patrick's Church for services.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
DIED.
Abbott, Henry • " Louis, Meyer
Baird, Luther A. Melvin, James W.
Brennan, Mary T. Moran, Julia
Cook, Dorethea M. - Mulligan, Peter
Croughwell,- Eliza- Mulligan, Nellie -J.)
betn H Norin, . Annie C.
Donovan. Robert E. Pall. Mary A.
Gorman, Simon Porter, Mary
Gray, Delia E. • Richter, Reinhold H.
Gulna£S">, Francesco Simpson. Georse F.
Hiestand, Mary .-" Smith, Theodore E.
Kuliacha. Nicholas ; Thommen, Emma
Lanee, Juliet E. Tierhe, Norah
Lloyd, Mary " Tollner, Wilhelm S.
Larson, Mrs.' Anna Wessels, Ellen . _ ;
Laughlln, Patrick . -• ¦
The following marriage- licenses .were issued
yesterday: ¦
Frederick E. . Bowman, . 45, Hunters Point,
and Opal Andrew s, 23, 334 Golden Gate avenue.
Jeremiah J. Ahern, -23. 11 Hunt street, and
Alice J. Collins, 19, 29 Minna street.
Leonhard Balinski, 33, 418 Brannan street,
ana Mary T. Desmond, 33,' 615 Alabama street.
Knute E. Petterson, 29, 1900 Greenwich street,
and Mamlo D.- Bowler, 21. 1723 Filbert street.
James F. Eloeer. 22. 546 Minna street, and
Delia McGrath, 24, 245 Seventh ¦ street. >c ~
Charles J. Mund, 27, 610^ Polk street, and
Rae Gross, 28, 2009 Fillmore street.
Michael J. Allen, 39, 1702& Harrison street,
and Katharine Winters. 40, 1702% Harrison st.
Andrew J. Caufleld, 35, city, and Bertha L.
Cauvel, 32, city.
Francis R. Skinner, 23, San Jose, and Katie
Burke, 25, San Jose.
Wong Jung.' 41, Butte City, Mont., and Leong
Ah Jin. "6, 91fi Washinzton" street.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
PORTER— In this city, April 24, 1301, Mary,
beloved wife of R. H. Porter, and mother of
Annie.-E., Hudson P., Lowry C. and Blanche
Porter, a native of Wheeling, West Va., aged
62 years 5 . months and 13 days. (Pittsburg
papers please copy.) • \ • , ¦ ¦
IE?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
. fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday).' at 1:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 16 Dearborn street. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery, by carriage.
RICHTER— In this city, April 23, 1901, Rein-
hold H., beloved son of Louise and the late
' Captain Reinhold Richter, • and brother of
' Emma, Louise and Marguerite Richter, a
native of San Francisco, aged 14 years 1
month and 5' days. . . . .
EyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
. < Friday), at 2 o'clock, from the family resi-
dence, corner Third . avenue and California
street south, Richmond district.
SIMPSON-In this city, April 24, 1901. George
Frankland, beloved second son of the late
George P. and Cassie Stevens Simpson,
brother of Gertrude and Ernest 'Simpson, and
nephew of Mr. and Mrs. Andrew McXair and
' Walter Macindoe, a native of Canada, aged
19 years 5 months and 15 days. . . • .
SMITH— In this city. April 23. 1901. at his
residence. 1619 Washington str«fct, Theodore
E. Smith, beloved ' husband of Lucilla Bates
Smith, a native of Connecticut, aged 66 years
2 months and 12 days. ' .
ICServices will take place this day (Fri-
day), at 12:45 o'clock, at St. Luke's Episco-
pal ChuVch, "Van Ness avenue and Clay
street, thence to the Masonic Temple, corner
. Post and Montgomery streets, where services
will be held upder th» auspices of Excelsior
' Lodge No. 166, F. and A. M. Interment Ma-
sonic Cemetery".
THOMMEN— In Oakland. April 24, 1901, Emma,
beloved wife of John Thommen, and mother
of Emilie Thommen, a native of Fort Wayne,
- Ind., aged 28 years 6 months and 25 days.'
TIGHB-In this city. April 23. 1901. Norah, be-
loved sister of Patrick and Thomas Tighe,
and niece of Catherine and Margaret Tighe
and Mrs. Daniel Finnlgan, a native of Turn,
County Galway, Ireland, aged 42 years.
tC3"Notlce of funeral hereafter. . " ."
TOLLNER— In this city, April 25, 1901. Wilhelm
S., beloved husband of . Friedericka Tollner,
father, of -Annie Tollner, and uncle of Theo-
dora Sauer, a native of Germany, aged 52
years. f t
WESSELS— In this city, April 25. 1901, Ellen,
beloved wife of Joseph Wessels, and mother
of Joseph ¦ Wessels Jr. and the late Mrs. F.
Spindler, a native of Ireland, aged 60 years.
BORN. :. ;
DELFINO— In this city, April 23. 1901, to- the
wife of George Delfino, a daughter.
GILBART— In this city. April li. 1901, to the
wife of Alfred J." Gilbart. a son. K-
LARSEN— In this city, April 15, 1901, to the
wife of Edward C. Larsen, a son.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of -per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BIRTHS— 1ARRIAGES— DEATHS.
FULTON— COLLINS— In this city, April 24,
1501, by the Rev. Father McQuaide, T. A.
Fulton and Mary Collins, both of San Fran-
cisco.
STRADER— CHARLES— In this city, April M,
1901, by the Rev. Dr. I John A. B. Wilson.
John Edward Strader and Winona Pearl
Charles, both of San Francisco.
jsIARBIED.LITTLE Eugene Bonnell. now
slightly past his fifth year and
whose cradle originally was : a
cigar box. has been for the second
time taken from the custody of
his grandmother, Mrs. Eliza M. Tolman. by
Secretary "White of the California Society
for the Prevention of Cruelty to Children.
White acted under virtue of an applica
tion made yesterday before Judge Coffey
for letters of guardianship. ; The child
has been temporarily placed in the
Youth's Directory and the grandmother
<-.ocupted a cell last night in the detention
*-jrd for the insane at the City HalL
It is a Ions story that led up to the
final taking away of the lad, who, desp'ite
his unfortunate surroundings, is bright
for his years. Dr. George B. Tolman, the
l:ut-band of the woman arrested, was for
merly a surgeon in the United States ar
my, serving with distinction all. through
the evil war. He was ¦ stationed at many
important posts, but- his wife's tendency
l«i drink led him In the same direction,
ar.d he was finally discharged. "
Soir.c time after the physician's dismis
sal, the Tolmans settled in San Francisco,
buijoir.g a large house on the side of a
hill at 249 Bright street in Ocean View,
i?r from the nearest car line. The house
v.sk sumptuously furnished, and Tolman
r-risaged in the drug business, his last
More being at 909 Stockton street seme
seventeen years ago. - '
FROM FILTHY ABODE MRS.
TOLMAN AND GRANDSON
ARE FORCIBLY TAKEN.
. Frequent complaints have been made to
the society about the. condition of the
child. When the officers called there yes
terday. Mrs. Tolman received them in
what might have once been a parlor. In
one corner stood a grand rosewood piano;
immediately opposite a cook; stove, with
lidsYemved and dirty pots and pans scat
tered over it. .In another corner was the
family larder, consisting- " of an' old tin
bucket, half. filled. with flour, a fermented
bottle of tomato catsup, remnants of
On© of Tolman's daughters was married
to a cook named R. H. Bonnell, and two
children were the. fruit of- the marriage.
One of these is jiow in. an asylum, and
Eugene, who weighed but two and one
half pounds at-, his- birth, -will probably be
sent" to join him. The, married life of the
Bonnells was unhappy and some - years
ago Mrs. Bonnell took poison. Her moth
er administered emetics, but Mrs. Bon
neil-died two -weeks later. . '
Eugene Bonnell Is>Removed From Squalid Surroundings for
.Second Time, His Grandmother Bemg Imprisoned Until
Experts Finally Oecide;; Question*' as to Her Sanity
CHILD OF MISFORTUNE IS RESCUED
FROM HIS INCOMPETENT GUARDIAN
: CARRIED KNOCK-OUT DROPS.— Fred Ran
quest - was : sentenced - to ¦ . six ¦ months • In ¦ the
County Jail -by j Judge Mogan yesterday on ¦ the
charge of : having -knock-out drops In -his pos
session. . . .- . -. _.- ¦ . -.-;%¦'¦
Describes the Holy Land.
' Henry.' Paybt. delivered a. lecture yester
day afternoon- In ¦ the FrankMn - Grammar
I School for the benefit of the Public School
" Annuity *and • Retirement 'Asso
ciation, v His ; subject * was ;"The / Holy
Land." Miss Murphy_ sang "The Holy
1 City" very. nicely-..; ,
. • ' :'¦'•. :-•- ¦¦--' ¦¦¦'¦'.'¦,
Lovrenthal --Discharged.
The -habeas corpus proceedings for the
release from custody j of Attorney j H.- H.
Lowenthal, . who" was- held to . answer 1 be
fore the Superior. Court by. Judge Fritz
on a charge of felony embezzlexnent, came
up before Judge Cook yesterday, morning.
'After hearing the arguments of Attorney
George A. Knight for the : defendant 5 and
Assistant District Attorney Deuprey- the
Judge discharged the : defendant", on .the
ground. that whatever. was done was open
and avowed and j in accordance : with an I
agreement for payment of : Lowenthal's |
fee. The complaining- • -witness .'against
;Lowenthal was Mrs. Clara Knauer, who
charged him with embezzling -5490.
. , :.'. .. : - , ' '
TWO YOUNG BOYS RUN" >
AWAY FHOM INSTITUTION
Roy Taylor and Joseph" Clifford Re-
N ' ported Missing From the: Beli-sf
Society ; Home.
""^Roy E. Taylor and Joseph Clifford, two
little boys aged.respectively 10 and 8 years,
are reported missing: Taylor, and Clifford
were both. inmates of the Ladies', Protec
tion and Relief Society School, "on Frank
lin and Post streets; -and disappeared on
April 15. The lads- went to the Clement
Grammar School and on the day they dis
appeared left' the home in the morning,
saying they.; were going to school. — : •
• On the . day of. his I disappearance | Taylor
wore a dark suit with knee breeches, golf
cap, pink shirf and: a" white tie. Royis a
rather -large . boy. for I his age. has rather
pale-' complexion, . short, -dark.- hair | and
brown " Joe Clifford is rather smaller
than Taylor and considerably, stouter. He
has a long, thin face, blue eyes and'brown
hair. On the day. he disappeared he wore
a dark gray. suit... . .. J . ': k, -:
.Taylors mother. is employed' at the Jer
sey- farm, San ¦ Bruno road. Clifford's
mother is- employed in Oakland. >;• : ;_
¦ From figures at present being, compiled
in the Auditor's office on the monthly ex
penditures 'of Tthe.various^branches of the
city government it was learned yesterday
that. the. Bureati of Streets is expending
just about double '^ in . salaries -. compared
with the amount spent for repairs to ac
cepted streets. - The Bureau of Streets is
an adjunct of the Board of Public Works,
and the, figures demonstrate clearly that
the; department is top-heavy as regards
salaries -and, the results obtained; in im
provements to the- streets. . " ¦ : ; ;
The flgiires, so far : as ¦ they have been
prepared, cover the operations of ,the_ Bu
reau of Street3 for six | months—Septem
ber, . October, . November ' and December,
T900, '-. and * January and /February, 1901.
They show that in September the. sum of
$8120 25 was expended In salaries for the
Bureau of Streets, incluoing the wages of
laborers, -while, the amount of repairs
made ' to accepted streets and . sewers ag
gregated only ?i22C58, of which $429 58 was
for. basalt' blocks' and gravel, and $797. for
teaming 'and hauling. •, . ¦ ',
In October, salaries consumed $9702 OS of
the .taxpayers' money and the results for
that month sh*ow only $2418 63 worth of re
pairs to .streets. - Of this amount basalt
blocks .cost $796 09, horse, and buggy hire
$65, repairs to 1 Point I^obos road: $300, and
teaming and hauling- $1144 25. . . .-. . ..
"In November salaries ate up $9037 12 and
still the cost of the work was far. less than
that amount, being but -$5448 32. -Out of
this sum $812 50 was expended for hauling
and -teaming: repairs to bitumen, $1880 01;
repaving Sixth street, $15C1 45, and repairs
to Point Lobos road, $150. ¦¦¦¦'•¦
In ! December the salaries climbed up' to
$9832 64, and the work done, in repairs to
accepted streets amounted to only $5027 08.
Teaming- and : hauling-, which -appear.;, to
make up the main item -in the expendi
tures, cost: $1191 hi; repairs, to bitumen,
$2110 57; San - Bruno Road, $332 22; \ Point
Lobos road, $150. •". . : .'
• In- January ; the salary account of ! the
Bureau of Streets reached' the enormous
total of $10,2S6. 41, -whereas \& little more
'than half .that- sum, or, $5701, represents
the: actual 'amount spent for repairs, <to
streets. The construction of storm water
InJets cost '$1394 20; to bitumen,
51130 SS; San Bruno -road;; $166 11;-. Point
Lobos road, $150, and teaming and hauling,
$1818 30; ;•¦•¦ . v . . -•" . : .- :
• In February the salaries I dropped • down
to ' 5S287 75, i and this is ; the , only month
when. the amount of work done exceeded
the salaries uaid. .The • total sum ex
pended in improvements was 515,736 26, but
of this the repairing of Fourth street rep
resents $6303 35 ;• Grant - , avenue, $490^ 37 ;
special. inspectors,^292; teaming and haul
ing, $1097 »0.,V. . '•.-..: '..¦ :-.- . . V
"Many of these gentlemen will arrive hrre
next week and not a few of them hav*
'written that they will not return home
until after they have visited all the prin
cipal cities in the State."
"Many Eagles who are not delegate-."
said he, "have -written to Secretary J»as>
asking that accommodations be secured
for them, as there will be a large crowd
here that week owing. to the presence of
President McKinley. We expect from 000
to 400 members. of the. order from Wash
ington and the Seattle aerie is now con
sidering-the advisability of chartering a
steamer. We have also heard from San
Jose. Stockton, Sacramento, Vallejo. Ba
kersneld,- Los Angeles. Watsonvill© and
Sacramento and they are all going to send
large delegations. Every mall brings let
ters from all over the country from mem
bers who are coming here and many of
them are bringing their families ¦ -with
them. Amons those for whom we have
already secured accommodations are ex-
Congressman Timothy J. Sullivan, better
known as "Dry Dollar" Sullivan, presi
dent'of New York Aerie: Fred Schiffman.
St. Paul. Minn.: Councilman John E. Shee
han, Boston. Mass.: J. Fanning O'Reiltv,
secretary New York Aerie: Dr. J. II.
Feist. Nashville. Tenn.: J. J. FitzgeraM.
MaVor of Pawtucket*. R. I.; Judge Peter
3. Hughes. 'Philadelphia; Thomas Flynn.
Paterson. N. J.; John A. Tuthill. Omaha.
Nebr.; W. J. O'Connor, Winnipeg. Mani
toba: D. T. Barnhart, Victoria^ B. ' C:
W. J. Venner. Rossland. B. C: Chris B.
Callam, San Antonio, Texas: I>r. Arthur
Burns. Republic. Wash.: J. M. Cockrell,
Oklahoma: R. F. Scoffern. Chlckasaw.
Indian Territory: John Herron. Wichita.
Ivans.: and Senator A. T. Van de Vanter,
Seattle. Wash. ; .
Chairman Berthier said yesterday ths»t
he expected that there will be between 2000
and 3000 Eagles In this city during con
vention week.
Eagles Coining in Flocks.
midnight. If they fail to do so there will
be a morning session on the 17th and the
visitors will be tendered a banquet on the
evening of that day at the Palace HoU-1.
A. steamer has been chartered for an
excursion on the bay on the ISth and the
delegates will be afforded a grand oppor
tunity to witness the launching of the
United States battleship Ohio. On the fol
lowing day. Sunday. May 19, the Easl*".
with their families and friends, will hold
a reunion and picnic at Schuetzen . Park.
The sessions of the Grand Aerie will be
held in. Pioneer Hall, which will be hand
somely decorated for the occasion. A re
ception willbe tendered at. the. hall to the
officers of the Grand -Aerie and delegates
to the convention on the evening of Tues
day, May 14. followed by a : musical and
literary entertainment. The following day
¦ will 'be entirely devoted; to the business of
the order. There will be. a drive through
Golden Gate Park and lunch af the Cliff
House on, the. 16th and the delegates will
meet In the evening to continue the work
of the session..- : It is believed that; they
willbe able ; to conclude their .labors by
To .Meet \ in Pioneer Sail.'
; Park and- Cliff-drive — Jerome Bassity (chair
man) J. F. Cheetham. Charles Long. Charles
G. Nagle, - Charles Fisher. George Sharp.
Ways ' ¦ and means— James Marshall (chair
man). GtIS-~Pohlmann. James Moffett, D. J.
Creamer. Fred .Williams. ' . . ¦
Souvenir -and' programme — George Sharp
(chairman), . D. ' J. . Creamer, Charles Mc-
Clain. William Flaherty, James Moffett.
Rules and contracts-^-Henry Kuhls (chair
man), Robert Rusch, Fred Williams, J. J.
Kennedy, Charles G. Nagle. " . ¦ .
Reception— E. L. Head (chairman), E. F.
Burns. Oscar Hocks, J. F. Cheetham, • James
Marshall.
Auditing— William Clack (chairman). R. M.
Donnelly, Oscar ' Hocks, Charles G. Nagle, H.
I. Mulcreavy. .
Badges— Fred Williams {chairman), J. B.
Marshall. A. T. Anderson. Robert Rusch.
James Moffett.
¦ Banquet — E. - F. Burns (chairman), George
Sharp, Charles Fisher, J. F. Cheetham, Jerome
Basslty.. - .
Carriages ! and local transportation — Charles
Long (chairman). 'William Flaherty. Charles
McClaln, Gus Pohlman*, D. J. Creamer.
. Decorations— William Flaherty (chairman),
Charles Fisher, E. L. Head, E. L. Wagner,
Robert Rusch. '
. Excursion on bay — R. .M. Donnelly (chair
man). H. I. Mulcreavy, Jerome Bassity. George
Sharp, William Clack.
Literary exercises— H. I. Mulcreavy (chair
man), Oscar Hocks, D. J. Creamer, G. Pohl
niann, J. J. Kennedy.
General Information — E. 1» "Wagner (chair
man). ...A. . T. Anderson. Charles Fisher. J. F.
Cheetham, Robert. Rusch.
Hall and headquarters — J. ' F. Cheetham
(chairman),- William Clack, R. M. • Donnelly.
William Flaherty. Fred .Williams.
. Hotels and accommodations — Charles Mc
.Claln (chairman), George Sharp, J. J. Ken
nedy, Oscar Hocks, Robert Rusch, Henry
Kuhls. ' Charles Long.
Music— J. J. Kennedy (chairman). Henry
Kuhls. James Moffett.' William Flaherty." James
Marshall. • , c ~
--Printing and supplles-xOscar Hocks . (chair
man), E. li. Wagner, A. T. Anderson, E. L.
Head, Charles McClain.
Press— Charles Fisher (chairman). H. I. Mul
creavy, E. L. Wagner. Jerome Basslty, Gus
Pohlmann.
Sub-Committees Appointed.
tion o/ A..C. Berthier, chairman: H. I.
Mulcreavy, vice chairman; Charles G.
Nagle, secretary; William Clack, treas
urer, and R M. Donnelly, marshal. In
order that the work might be simplified
and more satisfactorily performed the fol
lowing sub-committees were then ap
pointed: . *
vegetables and crusts of bread, all cov
ered' with erime.
All through the house the same chaotic
conditions existed. Decay was eating. the
once fine furniture: windows were brok
en, .panels of doors were knocked,. out,
stairs were boarded over and plastering
cracked from ceiling to floor threatened to
fall at every gust of wind. ... :
Reigning all over this was Mrs. Tol
man, who, in response to queries, entered
into a long rambling discussion Of her
desertion by her husband. She made. all
sorts of claims regarding his affection
for other women, although he is past 70
and she but live years his junior. Her
long. blonde locks are scarcely tinged with
gr£»y. She wore ragged apparel.
Eugene was no better garbed. His coat
was many sizes too large for him. His
shoes would fit a boy ten years his senior,
and his shirt and vest, which were his
pride, were made to fit another.
"I got this new shirt on my birthday,"
he . proudly exclaimed. "I wore it ever
since." -,. . { . •:... "._. . •
- The anniversary mentioned . occurred on
March .4. .. ; _. .-'..;.. \ -i
Mrs. Tolmah's devotion- to .-', the child
was intense. "While . Secretary .White was
talking- to her • she -- constantly called,
"Genie, Genie," and -the lad promptly re
sponded. • :. /-\'. -¦::- -•';'¦•
White left her,takingEugene with him,
leaving. McMurray : and Corporal 'Shana
han/,to serve the papers^ separating her
from, the child. It. was 'some - moments
before she realized ' what had -happened.
She rushed frantically to the street, still
calling. for the child. =¦ So violent did she
become that it was thought better to take
her to a place> of. safety. ; She was accom
panied by the two officers and allowed to
put on her coat, and throwing a shawl
over her head, she was first taken to the
Ocean View police station, where she was
searched. ' v . . -
In a pocket in the woman's dress were
found two purses. One contained $8 in
silver, and. the other $155 in gold and 20
cents in small change, a total of $163 20.
.This was a portion of a remittance of
$200 she received from a brother's estate
in the East, through the instrumentality*
of United States Attorney Banning, only
a few weeks ago.
For more than a year past Mrs. Tol
man *ind. Eugene have been cared for by
Mrs. Patrick Breen and her daughters,
who occupy the adjoining house. They
gave them three meals a day. carrying
the dishes from the Tolman house to their
own to wash, as long ago the Spring-
Valley Water Company stopped Mrs. Tol
man's water supply for non-payment of
bills. - ¦ •¦¦-.-.
One of the daughters, Sirs. Carrie Gad
jen, who lives in San Jose, came to the
city about the .time her -mother received
the money, but the latter" would not give
her a cent. Attorney Banning giving her
$5 to pay her expenses. Mrs. Gad jen has
a. son about 19 years of age, employed in
a restaurant in this city, who occupied,
one of the filthy bedrooms in the house.
,,'Mrs. Tolman has been a constant source
of trouble to the police and her neighbors.
Some time ago ,.she ,'was '-arrested for
throwing a cleaver and severely injuring
a child. She claimed that she threw it at
a chicken, and that- It .glanced off and
did the damage. She was released on ac
count of her age. Again she drove a po
lice officer away at the point. of a. large
carving knife. She was known to be pos
sessed of a pistol, and a search was made
of the premises before the papers were
served' on her, but : the .weapon, was not
found. .- . • ¦¦¦-.•*:"•.;"-*.¦•¦'¦¦.>• ?¦¦¦:¦¦ j
: ' The | property j which Mrs.:- Tolman occu
pied stands in\ the- name-- of the I jVIaine
tJniversIty on the - assessment" rolls, hav
ing, been mortgaged many, years ago, and
came; into possession of that institution
under foreclosur© proceedings. Every ef
fort to dispossess her-has been futile. She
claims to yet, own -the property, and > has
use*1 suchrxjrtlons of the building- as were
available for --She has received
several remittances from Uhe
eptate.. one : time . as high as ; $700, which
sheicjalmed .to have lost.
Officer' McMurray-- booked ¦: her at the
Seventeenth-street station , for . insanity-
She proved a tractable prisoner and was
easily, induceil to po with the officers on
the'promise that atthe end of her jour
nev she- would be. allowed to again, meet
"Her Genie." " The guardianship proceed
ing will be heard by. Judge .Coffey on
May 1. . ; .-¦¦;. - ¦. -. -• ./ : .
CHAIRMEN OF COMMITTEES
. ARRANGING FOR RECEP
TION OF GRAND AERIE.
The" Red Cross Society, which; has ..la-!
bored : so'dillgently\ to 'provide comfortable
quarters for .the. soldiers j at the : Presidf o7
suffered a severe setback In its work yes
terday. The heavy winds that have pre
vailed during the last few days proved too
strong ; for the : immense ; tent j erected by
the society and used, by- the. soldiers as a
place for reading! and attending to their
correspondence.' and .razed it ' to .the'
ground.'. • . ,\ 7 * '. . •
I^uckily no one was In the. tent when It
fell and i the ; only -, damage done was that
to'.the. tent- itself and the destruction of
the interior decorations and furniture.
The women have already prepared plans
for:- the | erection- of ¦'- a. . canvas-covered
frame house ".which f will withstand, the
strongest winds and; be. much more com
fortable than the tent. They will be com
pelled .to call on the public for a -large
portion of the material to be used in its
construction.' as, well -as for duplicates ' of
the articles destroyed. ¦¦: ¦" .'• - -¦¦
Red Gross Library Yields
¦; ¦ .to HeavyWindat '.:...;;
) tne Presidio.
THE arrangements for the reception
and entertainment of the dele
gate? to the fourth annual session
of the Grand Aerie of the Fra
¦ ternal Order of Easles, to be held
in this city May 14 to May 19, have been
nearly completed. The several sub-com
mittees appointed from the body of the
general .'- entertainment committee have
worked earnestly, and faithfully and notn
ing has been left undone that might con
tribute to the pleasure of the. visiting
delegates. ; ¦
The Fraternal Order of Eagles, al
though a comparatively new organization,
is rapidly gaining strength and if it con
tinues to thrive In the future as it has In
the past it will notbe many years before
its roll of membership .will equal if not
exceed that of any of the older societies
In the United States. The Eagles organ
ized in Seattle, "Wash., in February, 1S9S,
and so' rapid was the growth" of member
ship that in the following May the organ
izers formulated and • incorporated ; a
Grand Aerie. • Seattle Aerie No. 1, the par
ent aerie, -received the tirst charter. A few
weeks later Aerie No. 2 was organized in
Spokane, Wash.: In -November, • 189S, the
Eagles founded- a third aerie in Tacoma,
Wash., and then soared over to Portland,
Ore., where Aerie "No. 4. as organized be
fore the close of the year. The next new
home of the Eagles was built by the Gold
en Gate, for in February. 1S99, , San Fran
cisco Aerie No.' 5 received a charter from
the Grand Aerie. Since that time the
growth of the order has been rapid but
steady. At present there are 140 aeries
scattered ¦ throughou t ~ the United States,
Canada. British- Columbia' and the ..Ha
waiian Islands. .; >> '. ¦ ;
Honolulu I in; Line.
It was only ' a week 'ago that Aerie No.
140 was organized at Honolulu and a dele
gate elected to attend .the session of the
Grand Aerie. Philadelphia Aerie is the
banner aerie with a membership of more
than 1500, while New York 'City comes
next with more than 1000 members. At the
present time there are nine aeries In Cali
fornia with a membership of more than
The present officer's of. the Grand Aer"e
and to- whom much, credit-is due. for. the
advancement of the order are: -.
Past irrand .worthy. president, John /W. Con
sidine, Seattle, .Wash: ; grand worthy president.
Dr. H. R. Littlefleld, ' Portland. Or. ; srand.
¦worthy vice president, -Peter J. Hughes. Phlla-'
delphia. Pa.: grrand "worthy' chaplain; Maurice
Eisenberg, Butte, ¦ Mont.'; "grand worthy judge
advocate, Del ' Cary '"'Smith.' 'Spokane, "Wash.;
grand worthy lecturer,' H. H. Thompson. Seat
tle.WVash.: grand worthy secretary.A. E. Par
tridge, Seattle. Wash.; - grand worthy - treas
urer. A. .A. Brodeck. . Everett, "Wash.; ' grand
worthy conductor, S.:B. Shaw, Rossland. B. C, ;
grand inside sentinel, J. F. Cheetham. San
Francisco; grand outside guardian, George E.
I^awrence, Tacoma, Wash. ; grand trustees, A.
T. Van de Vanter, Seattle." Wash., "John L,a
mont, Portland, Or., and W." J. O'Brien. Chi
cago, 111. ..---- — ..-... -
San Francisco. Aerie has been at .work
for the past two months making all need
ed arrangements for receiving 1 and secur-'
Ing accommodations for fully 2500 visitors,*
not including: the -delegates to -the Grand
Aerie. An entertainment committee of
twenty-five' was appointed- by the -aerie:
and the committee organized, by the elec- .
• ¦i":"Z"i"i":»i--i"i-i"i"i"i--i"i"i-i-i":-i--i i-r- e
IMMENSE TENT
IS BLOWN DOWN
Little )' Work; to Show
by Street Bureau for •
• : Coin Spent.
• : , .* :. - - .: ; : /r
.What might have been a disastrous fire
was averted yesterday" morning , by the
prompt work oli the local lire department.
, An alarm from box. 159 shortly before noon
summoned the department to Sixth and
Howard ' streets. , Smoke was issuing
from the Orlando House, a. three-story
-frame- building:, in dense volumes and for
a short (.time it looked as if -the entire
building was: <ioomed;to: destruction. A
second alarm was turned in and more en
gmes and apparatus reached, the scene.
After an hour's hard work the firemen
extinguished the flames.'
- The crowds that gathered round the
building- were treated to some exciting,
scenes. • Men and women clambered down
the fire escapes and one old man- was so
stifled -by the smoke that he had to be
helped -down the ladder. Another excit
able" individual was about to jump to the
street below, but the shouts of spectators
dissuaded him from his rash intention. A
Mrs. Dean,: who' occupied rooms on the
second- floor, was startled . out of 'her
senses by the cracking of. the glass in her
transom.. She did not delay her departure
an instant. With a shriek of horror she
rushed out into the smoked-lilled hallway
and was nearly suffocated by the fumes.
She had presence of mind ..however, to drop
to her knees and managed to reach the
stairway - by creeping. The shock un- !
nerved her completely and for fully .an
hour she was flustered. -
Mrs. Mary. Carroll, the owner of the
lodging-house, was thrown into. hysterics
by the fire. The first knowledge she had
that the building, was ablaze was when.
John E. Cahill. a painter, rushed to her
room and told her .that the house was full
of smoke. • They both went to investigate,
but were driven back by the flames. When
ihe fire was subdued Mrs. Carroll informed
RTire Marshal Towe that she believed that i
a'bedmaker whom she discharged fifteen
minutes before, the fire was discovered
had kept his promise. to get even by set
ting fire to the house. She stated that
he had been in her-employ but ten days.
She had discharged him because he had
become intoxicated.
Marshal Towe scouted the idea rafter
an investigation. He was of the opinion
that the fire was caused by some' one
smoking cigarettes in a lavatory which
adjointed a closet in which Mrs. Carroll
stored' her lamps and a five-gallon can of
coal oil. ' ¦ • _ . -. .
The building was damaged to the extent
of-&00 and was fully insured by its owner,
Orlando Bozio. Mrs. Carroll's loss was
nominal and .was fully covered by insur-
ance. ' / . ' . " . ¦ .'¦•'" • - . ..
. Box . 62 was i for a smoldering fire .on
the roof of a vacant house on the corner
of Stevenson and Fourth streets. -At 3:44
p. m. an alarm was rung in from box 261
for a small blaze in a house on Mission
and First streets. There were one or two
other, alarms for minor blazes.
MONEY SPENT
FOR SALARIES
Grand Aerie of the Young but Remarkably- Vigorous Fraternal
Organization, Which Will Meet in this City Ten
Days Hence Promises to be a Most Notable Event.
Energy of Firemen Prevents
a Serious Blaze on Sixtht
';:'¦'. . " Street.
People Rush From Burn
ing Strucfe
. Safety.
LODGERS HAVE
NARROW ESCAPE
MYRIADS OF EAGLES ARE PREPARING
TO SWOOP DOWN UPON SAN FRANCISCO
THE SAN FRANCISCCy CALLi FRIDAY; 26, 1901.
1000.
14
ADV5BTISEMENTS.
Mcryf Woman as Beautiful
as She Wishes to Be.
It's simple enough when you know. how. Stop. using those
destructive face powders that are-full -of- chemicals and
Mmc; Idaline's Face Cream.
. It's: compounded 5 " and freckles and
from; absolutely /^^AdA£/T^- keeps the cheeks
pure vegetable sub- ¦ '.: ff-^ '-^ looking as fresh and
stances, : and is not lfc\-- #§!. o riu\\ pretty. as a babe's,
only perfectly^ | rAQcS 1 It>s the wonder of
harmless but great- W»' y // the a S e » and y° u
ly beneficial. : '.;k.:^-c o^^ JJJ w ju f mc j it a grea t
scftenstheskin, "re- necessity for your
moves the wrinkles r^^^^^^^ toilet table.
• Ask your druggist or send 5oc~and we will mail it to
you: Send 2c" stamp for samples. t .
Mme. Idaline's Face Cream Co.
.' 2O4.Powell Street, San Francisco, Manufacturers. .-
r. roscoe Mcxtrr.xY. m. d.
SCJiKearnySt.. San FroncUc«,C^
DR.MQNULTY.
H^HIS WfcLli-KXOVrN' AND RKLIABLE OLD
.L .Specialist curetBloori Poison, «»onorrhoea.G!»»t.
Strictnrp, !4rmii:al W«kne». Impotence and their
allied Disorders. liook on Diseases of Men. tie*.
Over M years' f x per enee.Twim reasonable. Honr»,
9to3da!ly:6:30t69.30ev'gs. Snndays,10wl2. Cnnsal-
tatlon free and sacredly con fldeatiaL Can oraddiass
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana: Bitters
IS A GREAT RESTORATIVE/ INVIGORA-
-.tor andvNervine. ....
The most wonderful ' aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for the Sexual Organs, for both sexes. .
- The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of the Kid-
neys and Bladder. ¦ Sells on its own merits:
• - ' NABER. -. AL.FS . & - BRUSE, Ajrenta, ;
;, 323 Market . it., S.' F.— (Send for Circulars.) ;
THE FUN OF THE DAY IS i: :||»1»g| 'f *A
to own. a ; -^^^ ! " li' ; Ji?ii^% •& 'ff^ 3 1^
Button IM
As shown in picture. IRf^w^B
You get 'em to-day free '"¦ vIwIhS^ ' '
with your purchase in the l|lp^^@
Juvenile Department. ' y|S\S^ '
choicest suits hi all Frisco. Wm
but you get a Buffalo Button [§«' \Wk
Are" Yoii a * I : '
¦Kiiffain!?' :
/i iiS^^^^l^i ¦¦ -'% -top"
/—% fr^^i 1 A-JS" I • ¦ •¦ I ' 1 Kearney St
J \ i M H B I » B v S^w Union 1
.THE HOUSE THAT LIKES MAIL ORDERS.' V^ .