VOLUME XCI.— NO 9.
SHIPPING BILL WILL BE INTRODUCED
IN BOTH HOUSES OF CONGRESS TO-DAY
VAN TETS, THE VICTIM OF PRINCE
HENRY'S SWORD, IS STILL LIVING
THREE WOMEN OF ROYAL BLOOD WHOSE MARITAL- TROUELES AFFORD A FUND OF GOSSIP IN EURO
PEAN COURT CIRCLES AND MAY BE FRAUGHT WITH POLITICAL CONSEQUENCES OF MOMENT TO
GREAT BRITAIN AND THE CONTINENT.
AMSTERDAM, Dec. S.— It is Impos
eible to obtain confirmation of
the reported death of Major Van
Tets. aid to Queen Wilhelmina,
who is said to have fought and
been wounded in a duel with Prince Hen
ry, the Queen's consort. The Amsterdam
Telegraaf asserts that Major Van Tets
passed a quiet night last night: that Pro
fessor Narath has performed an opera
tion upon him and is satisfied with his
patient's condition. At the hospital in
Utrecht, however, and in official circles no
PRACTICAL JOKER'S
REMARK STARTS RON
ON A HELENA BANK
Depositors Withdraw More
Than Two Hundred Thou
j sand Dollars From
the Concern.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
HELENA, Mont, Dec. 8.— An innocently
intended Joke caused quite a run on the
Thomas Cruz Savings Bank in this city
last week, which, before it ended, caused
nervous depositors to withdraw more
than $200,000 from that Institution. When
the true status of affairs became known
many endeavored to redeposit their
money, but this the bank declined to re
ceive.
Thomas Cruz, with the exception of
United States Senator Clark, is probably
the wealthiest man in Montana. It ap
pears that a. practical Joker told a friend
In the County Treasurer's office that the
Cruz bank was in an embarrassed condi
tion, the remark being overheard by a
woman who was standing near by. Tak
ing It for granted that such was the case
hurried into a downtown store and
yelephoned to her husband, who is em
ployed at the Northern Pacific depot. Be
fore starting for the bank the husband
In turn telephoned to a friend In the Sher
iff's office, who, imparting the knowledge
The San Francisco Call.
information on this matter can be ob
tained.
Three royal families in. Europe are in
volved in domestic scandals that have
aroused the liveliest interest in Great
Britain and on the Continent, and
which, in one case at least, may
have' grave ■ political • consequences.
V'hile the eyes 'of the world are
turned upon the court of Holland, whence
come tales of the cruel treatment of
young Queen Wilhelmina by her consort.
LABOR AND CAPITAL
MUST SUBMIT THEIR
DISPUTES TO COURT
New South Wales Enacts a
Law Tending to End Dis
astrous Strikes and
Lockouts.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SYDNEY, N. S. W., Dec. 8.— By the
passage of the industrial arbitration bill
through Its final stages the Government
has placed a law upon the statute books
the working of which will excite interest
throughout the world.
This bill not only compels reference ol
all disputes between employers and em
ployes to a competent court, with power
to enforce its orders and awards, but
makes a strike or a lockout before or
pending such reference a misdemeanor,
punishable by fine or Imprisonment.
The court which will pass on these dis
putes is to be presided over by a Judge
of the Supreme Court, and will have very
extensive powers.
to the Sheriff, made haste for the institu
tion to withdraw his money.
In this way, apparently, a majority of
the women depositors in the city became
alarmed, as women always predominated
In the small crows present at the paying
teller's window. The run was kept up for
a week, during which time more than
$200,000 was paid out.
SAN FRANCISCO, MONDAY, DECEMBER 9, 1001.
England is the more interested in two
scandals that involve granddaughters of
the late Queen Victoria. The Grand
Duchesse of Hesse is said to be on the
verge of separation from her husband,
and rumor brings news of the unhappy
marital relations of the Duke of Edin
burgh's other daughter, the Crown Prin
cess of Roumania. Each of these three
women, fortunate in everything but love,
may soon figure as principal in an action
looking to a termination of her. domestic
troubles.
RUMOR SAYS HEAVY
SALES BY MRS. DALY
CAUSED COPPER SLUMP
Widow of Montana Million
aire Reported to Have Dis
posed of Her Holdings
at Great Loss.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BUTTE, Mont., Dec. 8.-A persistent ru
mor is current in Butte that the large
holdings of Amalgamated Copper stock by_
Mrs. Marcus Daly and the Daly estate
have been thrown on the market during
the past few months and that this has
caused the disastrous decline in that
stock. It is said that Mrs. Daly, in addi
tion to the large block of stock that came
to the estate from the late Marcus Daly,
was persuaded to invest on her. own ac
count at the time of the consolidation of
the Boston companies. When fhe stock
began to decline, it is said, she sold and
the estate also unloaded, at a loss of more
than $1,000,000.
Although the report is generally accept
ed in Butte as true, the manager of the
estate has telegraphed a denial from New
York. Officers of the Daly Bank and Trust
Company in Butte also gave out a state
ment to the effect that the Daly interests
were large holders of both Amalgamated
and Anaconda stocks and that they, had
great confidence In the future of Amalga
mated,
FINDS BONES
OF GIANTS IN
GREAT CAVE
Exploring Party Makes
Strange Discovery
Near Butte.
Remains of a Prehistoric Peo
ple in Underground
Abode.
Theory Is Advanced That Some Seis
mic Disturbance Closed Exits
, to the Cavern and Impris
oned the Ancients.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BUTTE. Mont., Dec. 8.— A new cave
that gives promise of developing into the
most wonderful of its kind in the known
world has been discovered in the moun
tains forty-eight miles east of Butte, in
Jefferson Canyon.- Its extent is as yet
unknown, though it has been explored for
a distance of ten miles and to a depth of
about 800 feet. $
The entrance to the cave, which is near
the track of the Northern Pacific Rail
way and about 1600 feet above the bed of
the river, was discovered a few weeks
ago by a hunter, and 'the cave has just
been explored by a party headed by J. W.
Gilbert, a newspaper writer of Butte. Gil
bert returned to-day after an absence of
a week with evidence of his discoveries.
Several skeletons were found in one of
the many rooms, and many articles and
utensils of. stone and copper were lying
about. Some of these have been brought
out. ' The skeletons are of 'persons of gi
gantic* stature, and the belief of Gilbert
is that the cave was the abode of a pre
historic people and that further explora
tion will bring to light proof of this fact.
A theory is that by a sudden change and
disturbance of the earth the entrance to
the ancient home was closed and the in
habitants walled up and left to die.
A large river, with a fall of 100 feet at
one place, is one of the wonders of the
cave, and a score of apartments, some
hundreds cf feet in extent, are decorated
with the wondrous formations of nature.
One room resembles the interior of a
cathedral, with a gigantic pipe organ, the
pipes being formed of stalactites, tuned
by nature to give forth beautiful notes of
harmony. A member of the exploring par
ty by striking the pipes with a stick
played a rude imitation of "Nearer, My
God. to Thee."
Access to the cave is very difficult, Ws
a direct descent of 400 feet is necessary
before any footing can be obtained. An
other party will soon visit the place fully
equipped for a thorough investigation.
ACCUSED OF FORGING
SIGNATURES ON BONDS
Francis S. Mayer Is Arrested at Min
neapolis on Complaint of Jap
anese Authorities.
MINNEAPOLIS, Dec. 8.-Acting on tel
egraphic instructions sent from Wash
ington by Attorney General Knox, United
States* Marshal Grimshaw to-day arrest
ed Francis S. Mayer, charged with hav
ing committed forgery in Japan.
The arrest was made upon the Great
Northern overland train as it pulled into
the Minneapolis Union station at 3
o'clock.
Mayer was accompanied by his wife
and two children and a Japanese serv
ant. Mayer said that he had been in the
newspaper, business at Yokohama, where
he lived for a number of years. The
charge against him is that he forged
signatures on debenture bonds, but the
exact nature of the crime or the amount
of money involved is not known. ' H«s
quitted Yokohama November 19, sailing
for Seattle upon the Japanese steamer
Shinano Maru. Ever since then the au
thorities have been on the lookout for
him. ,
In. some manner he managed to evade
the officers at Seattle.
Mayer is about 23 years of age and of
English descent. When arrested he was
en route to London.
Mayer says he will fight the proceed
ings. He did not claim right to the pro
tection of the consul to any foreign na
tion and apparently will contest the case
as an American citizen.
GOEBEL MTJKDEB SUSPECT
IS FINALLY APPREHENDED
Declares That He Is Innocent and
Will Ask for an Immediate
Hearing.
FRANKFORT, Ky., Dec. 8.-Berry
Howard, indicted for complicity in the
murder of William Goebel • and who has
been a fugitive more than a year, was
brought here to-day and assigned to quar
ters in the jail with Caleb Powers and
James Howard, a relative, charged with
the same crime. Howard protests his in
nocence and says that he became a fugi
tive in the mountain section only because
he did not want to lie in jail here. He will
ask for an immediate hearing. Howard
was a member of the. General Assembly in
1892 and j 1893 as a', Democrat when Goebel
reDresented Kenton, County.
ARCHBISHOP SCALABRINI
TO SUCCEED MARTINELLI
NOTED ITALIAN "FREtATE" "WHO, TIT IS REPORTED IN ROME. WILL
SOON BE APPOINTED THE SUCCESSOR OF CARDINAL MARTINEL
LI AS APOSTOLIC DELEGATE IN WASHINGTON.
DISPATCHES from Rome an
nounce that Monsigor Scalabrini, j
Archbishop of Placenza. will be,
appointed Apostolic Delegate at
Washington. The statement was
first published in the Journal de Roma,
following the Archbishop's return from a
visit to the United States. Monsignor
BRITON'S CORPSE,
HARD AS STONE,
AWAITS BURIAL
Undertaker V Ids an English
man's Bod/* or a Year, but
Rich Relatives Will
Ssnd No Money.
Special Dispatch to. The Call
SPOKANE, Wash'., Dec. 8.— For nearly
a year the body of William Herbert, son
of an old and wealthy British family, has
lain unburied in the basement of/an un-:
dertaker's establishment here. • .\
William Herbert came to Spokane short
ly after the flre from his home at 79 WU
fred Road,' Leicester, England. He was a
fine piano player, and when- funds got
short he drifted into piano playing as a
means of making a livelihood. He would
play odd. shifts in variety theaters, con
cert halls and other places.
Two years ago a relative died and left
hims£1600. The family then sent an agent
to Spokane to look up the wandering boy.
The agent found Herbert playing a piano
in a roadhouse. After some haggling Her
bert accompanied the agent to his old
home and the money was paid over to
him. He had no sooner secured his leg
acy than he hastened. back here.
Herbert went the pace that kills. Wine
and women depleted his purse In six
months. One morning he awoke without
a dollar. Taking a revolver he shot him
self through. the mouth, but his aim was
unsteady and. although badly wounded he
survived.' A month later he died of blood
poisoning in an insane asylum. His family
was notified of his death and asked if they
would pay the expenses. A statement was
made that $100 would cover the burial ex
penses. .To this message came an answer
by Herbert's sister:
"We will. not pay a single penny," she
wrote. ""Get the i money from those with
whom he-squandered his inheritance."
Herbert's death occurred. January 23
last, and "ever since his body has reposed
In a box in the undertakef's basement.- It
was almost forgotten until a reporter
asked to see it yesterday. The undertaker
himself had not looked at it for nearly six
months. I*, has grown almost as hard as
marble. Herbert was 39 years of age. He
was unmarried. 1 ■ r\ • ;f. ; >,.
Scalabrini will succeed Apostolic Delegate
Martinelli, who was recently created a
Cardinal. The ' Archbishop, who Is an
Italian prelate- of note, "has spent some
time in America, working among the mis
sions of the Order of St. Charles Borro
meo. The date of his accession to the
post to be vacated by Cardinal Martinelli
has not yet been announced.
SYRACUSE STUDENTS
BECOME PROFICIENT
IN HYPNOTIC ART
University Instructor Lends
Encouragement and As
s:stance in Their Ex
periments.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SYRACUSE, Dec. 8.— Students of Syra
cuse University have taken up the fad
of hypnotism and several have become
expert in making their fellow students do
all sorts of funny "'stunts." The experi
menting was started by Professor J.
Richard Street of psychology, who is a
firm believer that hypnotism will come to
be used legitimately in many useful ways.
He taught his students how. to hypnotize
and encouraged them in their experi
ments.
At the Phi Kappa Psi fraternity house
the boys perform 4n a manner highly
amusing to spectators. The star hypnot
ist there Is A. S. Hurrell of the class of
1904, who is an expert. He gave an exhi
bition before several persons and succeed
ed in putting E. A. Lowther, 1902, into an
hypnotic state and had his fellow student
completely at his mercy. Hurrell says
he ; can hypnotize any one, but he does
not dare use, his power on every one, as
he is not certain of being able to awaken
them from the hypnotic sleep.
Professor Street of the university be
lieves the art' will be used in medicine
and In other useful ways and favors ex
perimenting with it.
DEPUTIES BADLY BEATEN
BY STRIKE SYMPATHIZERS
SCRANTON, Pa., Dec. 8.— At 10 o'clock
to-night an attempt was made by three
deputies to arrest boys who were stoning
cars oh South Maine avenue manned by
non-union men. A big crowd set upon the
officers and in the face of flying bullets
overpowered and beat them severely. Two
of them, S. F. Cosgrove and B. T. Rellly.
are In the hospital.
Earlier in the evening a crowd set upon
five deputies wljo attempted to arrest
stone . throwers on Capouz avenue, and,
after taking their, prisoners away, put the
officers ' In retreat with a fusillade of
stones and bricks.
PKICE FIVE CENTS.
FRYE AND
GROSVENOR
CONFIDENT
Believe Subsidy Meas
ure Is Certain of
Passage.
All Objectionable Features of
Former Bills Are
Eliminated.
Its Success Would Mean Building of
New Lines of Vessels to Ply
Between This Coast and
the Orient.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL BUREAU. 1*)6 G STREET. N.
W., WASHINGTON. Dec. 8.— Senator
Frye of Maine and Representative Gros
venor of Ohio will introduce in the Senate
and House to-morrow the ship subsidy
bill, which has at last been completed.
"I have spent much time and thought on
this measure," said Senator Frye to-night
to The Call correspondent, "and It is very
largely my own creation. I think all the
objections made to former shipping bills
are met and I hope it will pass. I expect
it will receive the almost unanimous sup
port of the Republicans of the Senate. In
the House I have strong hopes of enough
votes to enact the measure into law."
The first section of the bill takes the
postal subsidy law of 1801 as a basis and
restores the rates practically to what they
were in the bill as it originally passed the
Senate. It increases the tonnage required
in that law and makes the class of each
knot above fourteen up to twenty.
The bill next provides that all American
ships engaged in, foreign trade shall re
ceive one cent a ton for every 100 miles
sailed. All provisions of the postal sub
sidy act relating to the employment of
sailors, apprentices and Government in
spectors on vessels having contracts to
carry United States mails are in the new
measure. Vessels receiving Government
subsidies according to the provisions of
the act shall be built in a manner satis
factory to the Secretary of the Navy and
must be capable of being used for pur
poses of national defense in times of war.
No Premium on Speed.
All speed premiums are omitted In the
present bill. The provisions for extended
contracts in the subsidy bill defeated in
the last session are also eliminated.
The repeal of or amendment of the law
rests absolutely with Congress. No for
eign built ships are admitted to American
register. The provisions of the former bill
relating to fisheries are renewed.
The bill, which passed the Senate in
1S91. providing for postal subsidies, was
amended in the House by cutting down
rates. As amended the bill became a law
and proved an utter failure. Senator Frye
now believes that if a bill containing
higher rates, as put in by the Senate ten
years ago, should be passed it would be
a success. Senator Frye- believes the
measure he has prepared will establish
regular American lines of ocean traffic.
"Certainly," he said, "we shall have
new lines of American ships from the Pa
cific Coast to China and on the Atlantic
we shall soon have new American lines
running to the south, where we have a
right to look for the greatest extension ot
our foreign trade.
"The provision for 1 cent per '.on for
every 100 miles sailed is put in on the
theory that it will equalize conditions be
tween American freight carrier' and those
of Great Britain.
Will Boom Shipbuilding.
"There is absolutely nothing in the bill
that is favorable to any of the big trans-
Atlantic lines and there is nothing what
ever to encourage a combination In so
called trust form of any large shipping
corporations. The ship-bu*lding industries
all along our coast3 will get renewed life
and stimulation by the Increased demands
for American vessels."
Senator Hanna has seen the provision*
of the new bill and has given them his
cordial approval. He says he shall make
a speech In support of. the measure and is
advising his friends to work and vote for
it. He declares he sees nothing in tha
Frye bill to which any friend of Amer
ican commerce and shipping could object.
BISHOP MATZ TELLS
OP TBOTJBLE IN ROME
NEW YORK. Dec. 8.— Bishop Matz of
Denver arrived from Europe to-day and
will leave for the West to-morrow. The
bishop spoke freely of his trouble in Rome
with Father John Cushing. formerly cf
Denver, who charged the bishop with try
ing to introduce the German language into
the Catholic service. Bishop Matz had
Father Cushing arrested for the alleged
inciting of a demonstration in front of his
hotel In Rome. He said that he afterward
secured the priest's arrest and that he had
disappeared. . *
The bishop also told of his trouble in
Rome with Father Michael Caulkin. for
merly of Denver, and said that both tha
Cushing and Caulkin cases had been de
cided by the church authorities in favor
of him (the bishop). He admitted that
Father Caulkin had accepted an offer of
1000 franca a year and charge o£ a small
mission in Italy.2
KOREANS BUSY
WITH INTRIGUE
Prominent Cabinet Offi
cers Lose Places
Suddenly.
Friends of the Russians Plot
Against the Jap
anese.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
TACOMA. Dec. S.— To-day's Oriental ad
vices contain news of sensational Cabinet
changes in Korea. While in Japan attend
ing army maneuvers. General Pok was
suddenly deposed as Korean Minister of
Foreign Affairs. Pok is alleged to be pro-
Japar.esc*
The parly which thus gains ascendancy
in Seoul is headed by Li Youngik, and is
said t© be pro-Russian. Minister of Agri
culture Kwon was also deposed in favor
of L,iu, reputed to be strongly pro-French.
Pok's portfolio will so to Li, now Korean
representative at tit, Petersburg. Corre
spondents of TGklo papers represent Seoul
as a hotbed of intrigue, with the pro-Rus
sian party plotting to neutralize all Ja
• !aces>e influence.
The Japanese Emperor has startled the
conservative Japanese by his ususually
democratic conduct during the November
review of troops, when he called several
privates out from the ranks and talked
with them freely. On one occasion he en
tered the ranks of a regiment and exam
ined the knapsacks and rations of the
men. Addressing one private he inquired:
"Do you not find your food unpalatable,
your life hard and* your separation from
your family irksome?"
The private did not bow and scrape his
forehead in the dust, as was the custom a
lew years ago. Looking down at the Em
peror's feet he reslied:
"These hardships do not concern a sol
dier of the Jlikado when he remembers
that It is for his country's sake."
He was promoted next day.
BULLET IN THE BODY
PHOOF TO A MTURDEB
Inquiry Into the Mysterious Death,
of Joseph GriSths May De
velop a Sensation.
GRASS VALLEY. Dec 8.— Much of a
•sensational nature is promised before the
inquest on the remains of Joseph Griffiths
5s concluded. It is thought that several
persons may be arrested on a charge of
murder.
The body was found in the old shaft
yesterday at Charles Allen's home. The
inquest was not finished last night,
though witnesses were on the stand until
midnight. Much contradictory testimony
was given. To-rnorrow afternoon some
startling testimony is expected. A bullet
lound to-day In Griffiths' body proved be
yond doubt that be had been murdered.
The community is greatly excited over
the affair. . .. . .-■■
Yacht Club Officers Elected.
LOS ANGELES. Dec. 8.— The South
Coast Yacht jClub, recently incorporated,
hat organized and elected the following
officers: Commodore and president, How
ard A. Dodge; second commodore an>i
vice president, Joseph T. Pugh; rear com
modore, secretary and treasurer, Eugene
Overton; assistant secretary, Herbert
l'cace. ■
Fire Damages a Railroad Car.
SAN JOSE, Dec. S.— As a train was be
ing made up in the Southern Pacific Rail
road yards one of the passenger coaches
caught fire by the upsetting of a lamp,
and before the flames could be extin
guished about $2000 damage was done.
Every window in the car was cracked by
the heat._ while the upholstering was
burned or scorched beyond repair.
Farm Buildings Lost in Flame.
SAN JOSE, Dec. 8.— All the outbuildings
on the farm of C. C. Ingalls, a few miles
southwest of this city, were burned to the
ground this afternoon. The buildings in
cluded a large bam, tankhouse and wind
mill and sheds. Two buggies, harness, ten
tons of hay and farm implements were de
stroyed. The loss is in the neighborhood
■of $3500, with slight insurance on the barn.
Light Frost, but No Damage.
LOS ANGELES, Dec. 8.— There was a
Mght frost in seme parts of Los Angeles
last night, and while the temperature
was quite low during the early hours this
morning it is not thought the frost ■was
severe enough to damage fruits and vege
tables. No reports of frost from outlying
districts have been received here.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
satisfies and nourishes;
contains enough to satisfy
and the kind to nourish.
Our took, " Me/fin's Feed Babies,"
is toorth looking at. Sent free.
Mellin's Food Co., Boston, Mass.
®\1M, VIGOR, VITALITY for M£N
MORMON BISHOP'S PILLS
years by the leaders of the
Mormon Church and their
followers. Positively cure the
worst cases in old and young
arising from effects of eelf-
abuse, dissipation, excesses or
cigarette-smoking. Cure Lost
Manhood. Impotency. Lost
Power, Xigrht Losses, Insom
nia. Pains in Back, Evil Desires, Lame Back,
Nervous Debility, Headache, Unfltness to Mar-
ry. Less of Semen, /mm Varicocele or Con-
stipation, Stop Xer *5fl voue Twitching of
Kyelids. Effects are Immediate. Im-
part vig-or and pote CcflTS ncy to every func-
tion. Don't get despondent; a. cure is at hand.
Restore email, undeveloped organs. Stimulate
the brain and nerve centers; 50c a box; € for
12 50 by mail. A written guarantee to cure or
money refunded with 6 boxes. Circulars free
Address BISHOP REMEDY CO., 40 Ellis st
San Francisco. CaL GRANT DRUG CO. 3S
end *<l Third et. t .-. c
2 visit DR. JORDAN'S great 6
4iUSEU?i OF ANATOMY*
0 w3 »5-l^EErrCT.teJ.e±*7A,S.r.Cil. A
\ HI «- T^ L VJf elt AB «°»i«l Museum in the \
G m<X%>!* 2°* »ei"e»kes or any contracted A
Z. V*3 £« *sea« |M»UI« r | 7 «- b ,b4 r,- t h* oldest Y
Q fCgj Specuii* on the Co«t Est &"«?•.©
A aj3c* § DR. JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEW A
X I fTSr^H free and suirtlr private. \
V PWVLli I reatmc^ P««>nally or by letter. A A
\ E If « H to*tmt Cure in crery ctie undertaken. V
A p II n« Write for Book. r!!ILONUPnV*f A
■ • n I! SAnntAcc, mailed free, (av
Jl (i il* valuable book for meo) \
Y Da. JOBDAS AC"©.. 1051 Market St.. S F Q
KADWAV'S KKADV UELIKF has stood
unrivaled before the public for 50 years as
Pain Remefly. It Instantly relieve* and quickly
cures all Colds. Sore Throats, Influenza, Eron-
chitie. Pneumonia. Rheumatism, Neuralgia,
Headache, Toothache and all pain. Internally
tat litJaria &nd all Bowel Pains. All druggists.
HOLIEST SACRAMENT IS GIVEN
TO CHILDREN OF ST. JOSEPH'S
Archbishop Riordan Confirms More Than One Hundred Boys and
Girls During the "Afternoon, While in "the Morning a Large
'Number Receive Communion With Impressive Ceremonies
ARCHBISHOP RIORDAN conse
crated and anointed yesterday
afternoon 117 children kneeling
before the altar of St. Joseph's
Church. The impressive con
firmation services were directed by the
Archbishop, who was assisted by Father
Scanlan, the priest of the parish, Father
Keane, Father Collins, Father Hartnett
and Father Sullivan.
The friends and relatives of the young
conflrmants crowded the church to the
walls. When the sacrament was received
there was not an unoccupied seat. Along
one side of the central aisle were rows of
girls all dressed in white, and opposite
them were the boys, in bl&ck.
After the confirmation ceremony Arch-
bishop Riordan addressed the congrega
tion. In part he said:
Children, look forward to your confirmation
promises and see that they take root in your
hearts. These promises if fulfilled will de
velop into Christian virtues and you will all
be the purer and the better for It.
I want to remind the parents of these chil
dren confirmed here to-day of the necessity
cf parish religious teaching. A man that has
no care of the- household is worse than an
infidel. These children belong to the great
household of the faith. If you neglect your
duty you will be held answerable. To-day the
little ones have received the holiest of sac
raments. The holy spirit of God renews Its
presence in their souls and will lead then:
from virtue to virtue. It is a great grace
given to us by the almighty God. . Let us pray
that these children may never swerve from
the paths of virtue and righteousness.
From the boys, who were read into the
League of the Cross, the Archbishop ob
tained a willing pledge of adherence to
the cardinal principles of the order.
Those Who Were Confirmed.
The confirmation embraced the follow
ing named:
Girls— Rose Catherine McLaughlin, Mary
Catherine Dwyer, Myrtle Catherine Murphy,
Catherine Margaret McElearney, Selma. Mag
dalen Navarth, Mary Rose Derain, Margaret
Agnes Doherty. Nora Veronica McKeon, Grace
Aloyeia Scannell. Gertrude Mary White Mar
garet Agnes Clark, Elizabeth Margaret Bolger,
Mary Catherine Rellly. Ella Maria Jefferson,
Mary Agnes Hafner, Claire Agnes Fisher.
Angellne Carmelita Dapello, Ella Imelda Car
roll. Anna Imelda Smith, Margaret Imelda
Murphy, Helen Mary Steele, Ell» Gertrude
Soper, Annie Veronica Brown, Annie Imelda
Bchumacher, Mary Catherine Schumacher,
Josephine Irene Whalen, Jennie Catherine
Schmidt. Cornelia Margaret Theysohn, Helen
Cornelia Murphy. Frances Barbara Lucier,
Ethel Mary Rogers, Rose Ita Doherty. Gene
vieve Mary Fay. Edna Margaret Murray, Win
ifred Mary BrlgRs. Violet Adele Young, Annie
Loretta Dorgan, Margaret Magdalen Burns,
Esther Magdalen Redmond, Teresa Catherine
Park, Mary Loretta Rudolphus, Lilian Mary
Hale," Mary Cecilia Bursinger, Mary Elizabeth
Tobln, Lilian Frances Byrne, Gertrude Mary
Flynn. Harriet Mary Canvenaeclna, Margaret
Mary Kelly. Anna Josephine Haley. Mrs. Alice
Mary Bauer. Mrs. Elizabeth Cecelia Nolan,'
Mrs. Elsie Magdalen Krebs.
Boys— J. Anders, T. Buckley, W. Callaghy,
J. Canty, L. Carney, W. Casey, J. Dillon, H.
Dunphy. E. Foley, M. Gillespie, W. Hartnett,
G. Holtz, J. Hourigan, *C. Hurley, G. Johnson,
J. Kearns. A. Keegan, J. Kelly, J. Kilkenny,
K. Komsthoeft, J. Leonard, S. Leonard, J.
Lynch, H. Maney, H. McMahon, F. Murphy,
R. Nagle, R. Pfoendler, J. Ratto, E. Richards,
M. Rowan, C. Ryan. T. Stahlberg, G. Steward,
H. Tait, M. Tlerney, J. Vaughan, M. Barron,
M. Carolan, P. Devlin, L. Fahy. J. Thurber.
T. Byrnes, A. Birzinger. W. Coleman, H.
Crowley, J. Crowe, W. Dwyer, G. Flnney, K.
Foley, A. Laherty, F. Manning, W. McGrath,
J. McKeon, T. Nee, J. O'Connor, G. Ossmann,
J. Rafferty, J. Reuter, A. Sloss, S. Sorrocco, P.
Murphy, J. Treacy, J. Gorman, M. Kerwin, T.
Echllnk.
Communion Administered.
In the morning at St. Joseph's com
munion was administered to the following
named:
Girls — Jennie Stretch, Nora Sharkey, May
Fitzpatrlck Lily Prendable, Hazel Pindancet,
A nastusia Mahoney Margaret Hannon. . Cathe
rine Doyle, Mary Donohue, Catherine Coyne,
Mary Brogan, Mathilde Birsinger, Ella Trant,
Cecelia Tully. Addle Fitzgerald, Nellie Hock,
Delphine Rice, Katie Sullivan, Grace Byrne,
Irene Pullcn. Lily Rewig Ethel Lang. Minnie
Warren. Gertrude Ryan. Mathilda Ratto, Mar
jories Hughes, Ella Merriman, Maggie Meyers,
Aneida Trueting, Mercedes Parle, GusBie Bo
lian, Aileen Ahem, Lulu Salmon, Teresa Haw
kins, Mary Crowe, Ella O'Brien, Alice Hafner,
Gertrude Brown. Nellie O'Leary, Julia Dillon,
Julia Morgan, Maggie Connelly. Mary O'Don
nell. Alice Sullivan, Mary Feehan, Ada Tait,
Alice Fltzpatrick, Lalse Lucier, Ethel Acker
tnann, Lenore McKeon, Lucy Bloss, Clara Bre
wln. Emma Cruza, Hazel Crimmlns, Mary Cox
Edith Cella, Flora Delury, Ethel Farrell, Annio
Bowen, Loretta Foley, Mary Fitzgerald, Louise
Ganey. Mary Hines, Mary Iig. Ethel Joseph,
Josephine Leonard, Irene Moriarlty, Cecelia
McQuaide, Nellie O'Dea. Margaret O'Brien,
Nora O'Leary. Lilian O'Neill. . Winnie Hallo
ran. Ethel Grant. Alice Pierce. Mary Sullivan
Winifred Sullivan, Annie Welch, Veva Whaler'
Gertrude Planz, Viola O'Connor, Mary Clancy'
Anna Clancy, Agnes Driscoll, Sarah Healey,
Alice Borden, Agnes Leonard, Eva Toung, Lo
retta Haley. Ella Card, .Frances .6* ConneU.
Mary La Rue, Anna Standish. Lucy Byrne,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, DECEMBER 9, 1901.
Margaret Byrns, Esther Redmond, Mary Ber
singer Mary Tobin Lilian Byrne, Annie Bohen.
Boys— E. Arnold. J. Altieri, L. Altieri. Cli.
Bowles. Ch. Burns, D. Byrnes, J. Broderlck.
J. Bradshati-, B. Collins, F. Crowe, Charle.-.
Dullea, Joseph Donlon, S. Dunney, A. Dupulp.
A. Fitztrerald, S. Froser, G. Fisher, L. Gran
field. I. Iloltz, I. Kelly, J. Murphy, L. Me-
Caron, McLauchan, Qeoree Marlow, Ed
Mur- 1 — , George JIarkey, : McKeever, J.
Milan, F. O'Connor, P. Pidaucet, C. Robinson,
John Ryaa, Ed Reeves, P. Ryan, J. Robinson,
J. Smith, T. Sullivan, K. Bloss, J. Sharkey,
J. von Oarschatt and T. Wilcox.
DENOUNCES HOUND DANCES.
Rsv. Father Caraher Cautions the
.. Children of Ilaryv ; . -.
At the Conclusion of the triduum at St,
ARCHBISHOP RIORDAN CONSE
CRATING THE CHILDREN OF
ST. JOSEPH'S CHURCH.
Francis' Church yesterday afternoon
there was a reception of aspirants, and
postulants into the sodality of the Chil
dren of Mary. Rev. T. Caraher, the pas
tor, officiated. Music was rendered by
the choir under the direction of the or
ganist, Mrs. Collins, and the responses
and hymns were sung by the ■ young
ladies.
Father Caraher, in speaking of the ob
ligations they assumed, said in part:
Maids of honor to Queens and Empresses
deem it a great privilege to be members of a
royal household in order to minister to these
great personages. How much greater, there
fore, is the privilege of belonging to the house
hold of the Queen of Heaven. As these privi
leges are great, so much greater are your du
ties and obligations. The practice of attending
theaters on Sundays and being present at many
plays that are presented to the public must
be stopped. Reading in the daily papers I find
that there is a play now being presented to
the public in which both the play and the
principal players are denounced as unfit to be
seen upon the stage.
I want to warn you against frequenting the
ballroom, as it is the harvest field of Satan.
I want to denounce in as forcible terms as I
can the balls which are given every Saturday
and Sunday night in a hall within a stone's
throw of this church. There ia too much danc
ing and waltzing among Catholics. The church
has never sanctioned such an amusement, and
the church or the religious institution that
lives on the proceeds of the waltz should be
allowed to perish. The children of Mary should
practice humility, obedience, charity and chas
tity, particularly the latter two.
Miss Florence Scage, president;* Miss
Katie Van Elsinger, secretary, and Miss
Mary Dowling. treasurer, are the princi
pal officers of the society, and had charge
of the candidates. In the evening - Rev.
Father Oneslmus, O. F. M., preached
the sermon, dwelling upon the dogma of
the Immaculate Conception.
CEREMONIES AT ST. IGNATIUS.
Sodalities Celebrate Feast Day With
Marked Devotions.
One of the most important feasts of
the Catholic church — that of the "Im
maculate Conception of the Blessed Vir
gin — was celebrated yesterday with
elaborate ceremonies. In every church
solemn high masses and vespers were
celebrated and sung, while organs pealed
forth Joyous paens and choirs sang an
thems of praise. At St. Mary's Cathedral
Archbishop Riordan officiated, preached
the sermon and gave the pontifical bless
ing at the close. At St. Ignatius Church
the day was given up to a reunion of
the sodalities placed under the protec
tion of the Blessed Virgin, while in other
churches ceremonies perhaps less "elab
orate but just as significant marked the
day.
Early in the morning the members of
the Gentlemen's Sodality attached to St.
Ignatius Church to the number of 500 as
sembled in their hall and formed in pro
cecsion. They were headed by their ven
erable prefect, James R. Kelly, and were
under the direction of Father Hickey, S.
J. They carried their banners, which
are only used on the most solemn occa
sions. Each member wore his regalia,
and as soon as the line was formed they
proceeded in a body to the church, oc
cupying the center aisles. Each mem
ber received holy communion. In. the
evening, when they attended the solemn
high vespers, the procession was re
peated.
After the mass the members of the Stu
dents' Sodality, under the direction of
the Rev. Father Culligan, S. J., ap
proached the holy table and a large num
ber of them received their first com
munion.
At the solemn high mass, which was
celebrated at 10:30 o'clock. Rev. Edward
Allen, S. . J., was the celebrant; Rev.
Father Forhan, S. J., deacon, and Rev.
Mr. Fleuren, S. J., sub-deacon. The ser
mon was preached by F.ev. B. J. But
ler, S. J., who took his text from the
gradual of the mass, "Happy Art Thou
O Sacred Virgin Mary, and Most "Worthy
of. All Praise." He said In part:
When our first parents transgressed God's
precepts by eating the forbidden fruit, their
open violation of God's commands brought-in
finite ruin of all mankind. Together with the
loss of grace, they lost countless other bless
ings and were doomed to Innumerable hard
ships, sufferings and death. But infinite wis
dom ordained that one. a chosen virgin, be ex
empt from the common. calamity;. for he had
destined her to be the mother of the second
Adam, Jesus Christ, who was to repair the
ruin wrought by the first.
■ It shall be our aim to-day to see how becom
ing it was that the three persons of tile heav
enly trinity should preserve the Blessed Virgin
Mary free from the slightest stain of original
sin. It. was fitting for the father to do so,
for she was to be his daughter; for the son,
for she was to be his mother, and for the holy
spirit, for she was to be his spouse. And first
of all, it was fitting to the eternal father to
create Mary free from the original stains. She
was his first born daughter, as the church says
in the mass of to-day: "I came out of the
mouth of the most high, the. first born of all
creation." Hence it is not meet that she should
be the slave of Lucifer, but that she should
always be possessed by God alone. "The Lord
possessed me in the beginning of his ways."
She was the one and only daughter of life;
all the others being born in sin are daughters
of death.
It was also fitting that the eternal father
should create her in his grace, since he deter
mined that she should save a lost world and
reconcile man with his maker. She was born
to procure the world's salvation. St. Bernard
compares her to the ark of I$oah, for as by the
ark men were saved from the deluge so by
Mary we are saved from the shipwreck of sin.
But the ark is a mere faulty shadow of Mary,
for in it but a few were saved, but through
Mary the whole human race has been redeem
ed. And so we call her the new ■ Eve, the
mother of life, for the first was the mother of
death, but the Virgin Mary Is the mother ot
life.
In celebration of the day the Ladies'
Sodality met in the afternoon and re
ceived a number of candidates. Rev.
Father Calzea, S. J., presided at the
ceremonies.
In the evening solemn high vespers
were sung. Father Butler. S. J., was
the celebrant, assisted by Rev. Mr.
Villa, S. J.. as deacon and Rev. Mr.
Fleuren, S. J., as sub-deacon. Very Rev.
J. P. Frieden, S. J., officiated at the
benediction -which followed, assisted by
Rev. Father Hickey, S. J., as deacon,
and Rev. Mr. Ryan, S. J., as sub-dea
con.
MUCH SPENT IN CHARITY.
Strike Seduces Funds of St. Vincent
de Paul Society.
The quarterly conference of the St.
Vincent de Paul Society was held yester
day at St. Brendan's Churtfh. The mem
bers approached holy communion at
7:30 o'clock mass, and were later enter
tained at breakfast in the parochial resi
dence by Rev. Father Nugent and the
ladies of the parish.
The meeting -was held in the afternoon
In the academy of Our Lady of * Mercy
at Harrison and Fourth streets. J. M.
Burnell presided, and D. M. Fitzgerald
acted as secretary. Father Nugent brief
ly addressed the meeting. In presenting
their reports the delegates in most of the
parishes said the late strike had serious
ly affected their Income, and that the dis
bursements for the quarter had ex
ceeded the revenue, but they were en
abled to meet this by using the balances
that accrued before the strike.
The- reports of the branches "were as
follows:
St. Patrick's— Families relieved, 49; receipts,
$278 95; disbursements. $225 10.
St. Brendan's— Families relieved, 9; receipts,
(45 40 ; disbursements, $57 50.
Sacred Heart — Families relieved, 19; receipts.
$61 35; disbursements, $72 25.
St. Brigid'3— Families relieved, 2; receipts,
$134 85; disbursements, $39.
St. Joseph's— Families relieved, 72; receipts,
$377 15; disbursements, $386 45.
St. -Rose's — Families relieved, 21; receipts,
$37 60; disbursements, $80 50.
St. James" — Families relieved, 5; receipts,
$18 30; disbursements, $21.
St. Peter's— Families relieved, 34; receipts,
$166 49; disbursements, $132 95. ■
St. Mary's Cathedral— Families relieved, 79;
receipts (including poor box bequest), $2501 70;
disbursements, $680 99. . - *
St. Paul's — Families relieved, 11; receipts,
$31; expenditures, $89.
The next meeting of the conference
will be held on Sunday, February 16, 1902,
at St. Rose's Church.
BOAT AND OCCUPANTS *
CARBIED OUT TO SEA
Two Lower California Residents Sup
posed, to Have Perished Dur
ing a Storm.
SAN DIEGO, Dec. 8.— The following dis
patch from Ensenada, Lower California,
tells of a probable double drowning at
San Quintin, about 200 miles down the
coast: ■ -
"ENSENADA, Dec. 8.— On the Gth.inst.
Luis Guerier, a Frenchman, in the ' em
ploy of the Pacific Fishing and Exploring
Company at San Quintin, together with
Ramon Castanedo, ; a Mexican boy of 14
years, started from the harbor to take
provisions and water to Abelone Camp,
near the mouth of the harbor.
. . "They were in an eighteen-foot boat and
In a storm they were carried out of the
harbor. The men at Abelone ; Camp saw
they made signals of distress and one of
the men was sent back to the fishing com
pany's factory for assistance. A gasoline
launch was sent out to examine the
coast as far south as Geronimo. On the
north side of the harbor, about fifteen
miles out, the boy's hat was found float
ing. T,he fishing people have their launch
out and are making an extended search."
OIL GUSHES
MEAR SAN JOSE
Great Strike Is Reported
in Santa; Ciara
County.
Powerful Gases Drive Work
men From the Flowing
Well.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN" JOSE, Dec. 8.— An important oil
strike has teen made near this city
and within the next twenty-four hours
Santa Clara County will be in the throes
of a big oil excitement. A flow of from
400 to 500 barrels in twenty-four hours is
reported by the oflicers of ihe Orchard
Crude . Oil Company in a well they are
now sinking on tne Main ranch about
seven miles west of this city. '
A few weeks ago the company secured
a lease of the Main ranch ma started bor
ing for oil. Some years ago oil had been
struck in a well, but ihe project was sub
sequently abandoned. Two weeks ago the
present company went through a strata of
oil sand at forty and eighty feet and a
small quantity of oil was struck, iiince
then more oil has been found, but the
company has kept it quiet and gone about
securing leases to land in the vicinity.
Last Monday H. W. Conkling, the presi
dent of the company, filed twenty leases
to land in that locality. Oover 1000 acres
have thus been bonded. To-day tne true
size ol the oil strike was made public. T.
A. Pieper, the superintendent of the
company, stated that a great deal of oil
has been found and he is positive the well
will produce from 4C0 to S» barrels in a
day. Yesterday afternoon the men had
reached a depth of 800 feet and struck a
strata of oil-bearing sand. Into this they
have gone about thirty-five feet and the
gas came up so strong as to force the
workmen from the well. Oil began to flow
and in order to prevent this water was
run into the well. The oil-bearing sand
will now be gone through and the casing
pierced. The oil is of an asphalt base.
LAW OFFICERS PtntSUE -^
•RANGE HORSETHIEVES
High Prices for Army Mounts Causa
Wholesale Stealing in the
Northwest.
TACOMA. Dec. 8.— Dispatches from Col
fax and Pendleton say that wholesale
horse-stealing is going on in the interior
country south of Pendleton. The high
price placed upon the semi-wild animals,
because of great demands for cavalry
horses for South Africa, has encouraged
men to carry off the mounts. The ma
rauders have not been apprehended, but a
posse of deputy sheriffs is pursuing them.
It is supposed the organized gang, which
has been carrying on extensive cattle
rustling operations for several years in
Central Oregon, is at work now on the
range horses. This band makes quick
forced marches, rounds up eighty to one
hundred animals and runs them out of
the country almost before the loss is dis
covered. The horses are then loaded at
some convenient railroad point and
shipped to where the Government buyers
are located.
PASSENGER TRAIN GOES
OVER AN EMBANKMENT
Several of the Cars Are Burned
and a Colored Woman Is
Killed.
MACON, Ga., Dec. 8.— A Georgia Cen
tral passenger train from Savannah after
crossing the river and entering Macon at
about 4 o'clock this morning with about
100 passengers jumped a switch on a high
embankment. The engine and tender part
ed from the train. The baggage and ex
press cars were thrown into a culvert and
burned. The second-class coach waa
thrown on its side and burned. The flrst
class passenger coach fell over the em
bankment. The Atlanta sleeper, filled
with passengers, caught fire and was de
stroyed. Two sleepers were saved. The
members of the Walter Mains circus were
aboard. The only person killed was Julia.
Boynton, colored. Eighteen were injured.
All are from the South and East. None
are reported seriously hurt.
CHAIRMAN OF REPUBLICAN
STATE COMMITTEE RESIGNS
Holds Federal Office and Is Barred
From Taking Active Part in
» Politics.
DENVER, Dec. 8.— Charles D. Kord,
chairman of the Republican State Central
Committee, announced to-night that he
had placed his resignation in the hands of
the secretary of the committee to be act
ed upon at the next meeting of the com
mittee Ford said that this action -was
taken several weeks ago and that his let
ter of resignation ante-dated by about
two weeks the order of the Attorney Gen
eral to the effect that Federal office
holders must not hold active office in lo
cal political organizations. Ford was at
the time of his selection as State chair
man and Is now Register of the Land Of
fice.
Dueling in Austria-Hungary Doomed
LONDON, Dec. 8.— A dispatch to the
Times from Vienna declares that as a re
sult of the recent appeal to the public to
taEe the matter in hand duelling In Aus
tria-Hungary is doomed.
Police Prevent Anarchist Meeting.
CLEVELAND, Dec. 0.— The Cleveland
police to-day refused to allow the "Lib
erty Association," which includes in its
membership a number of the disciples of
Emma Goldman, to hold a meeting.
Oppose the German Tariff Bill.
ST. PETERSBURG, Dec. 8.— The organ
of the Russian Minister of France, Wjst
nick Finanzoff, threatens reprisals If the
German Reichstag pass the tariff bill now
being debated before that -body. ~
«Ma^*ara!CTff|ffifflBiigMMBil
...AT THB...'
"NO PERCENTAGE,"
u 11AC^]yll7 "8CBHlD8r
Qur Christmas Gift Day.
"We present -free to our patrons on the
above date an elegant doll, VI inches long,
real kid body, genuine bJsc head, with
every purchase of 50c. or over.
SEE THE DOLLS IN OUR SHOW
WINDOW.
EVERYBODY WELCOME.
DR. PIERCE'S HE1CEDTEJ -^
fiinTlTTflTT' T\ ATIT1T But vrhen the stomach and other organs '
N I K 1 1 1 1 K 1 1 1 1 W il of digestion and nutrition are diseased,
UlliUvil l/villli the nutritive properties are not extracted
. from food, the blood becomes poor, the
body lacks adequate nourishment and
Slain in the HOUX Of SuCCeSS. the flesh « falls away." The weakness
; consequent on this loss of nutrition will
generally find its expression in some one
The Indian who trailed the hunter o r g an w hich has been longest starved.
6ilently and secretly through the woods, Thus as starvation causes weakness,
often played -with his victim as a cat w jj ea the nutrition falls short of the
plays with a mouse. Just iu the moment nee( j s o f the body we may look for the
of the hunter's success, the blow fell; expression of that weakness in" some one
silent, sudden, swift. or^an lungs, liver, heart, kidneys, or
There are certain forms of disease an^ ol h er v ftal organ of the body. "When
which seem inhumanly malevolent. diseased stomach is cured by Dr.
Like the Indian they seem to play with pj erce » s Golden Medical Discovery, then
the victim, until some day when he has t^ e o f ether organs which orig-
reached the height of success and is i Da t e d in the disease of the stomach are
thinking to "take life easy," disease cfucA
strikes him down, perhaps never to rise "what .PSOFXJE SAY.
again, or mayhap to drag out the re-
nVainder of existence in physical pain "Your 'Golden Medical Discovery*
and privation. and Dr. Sage's Catarrh Remedy have
The best example of such a malevolent been of great benefit to me," writes
disease is found in dyspepsia and allied ( Prof. ) Pleasant A. Oliver, of \ 10b, Ful-
forms of ''stomach tremble." Not long ton Co., Ark. "Before I used the above
x rrTT . T mentioned remedies my
tJ$k '^^Mfi%%5& At 2\i M '-SmM^ sleep was not sound; di-
y **$ Vfctlf / .^^% gesUba bad ; a contiaUR
4J^Wa,-\ y fl$ Ssr*[ -"^§3*&& feeling of misery. I no^
Ww^^mP^T^ S0k feelhkeanewffnm."
J, S|fg! %£f*£ M M§Jg JpSllSpV> «I have been taking
" * * = Mv tin M S*m$k t^^^mvK Mrs. W. SI. cf
J^ I !#feiK\% te^§# Lynch, Boyd Co., Neb.,
l'jMK\ AttSBifefi "and I can't say enough
J^^l w. i/CwiVt -wzizgE^w!, in tbeir P raiae - Thev havc
*~ B^l ' '» iPlfwX helped me more than all
It frail \ '-Illhi /fir^* .3^n^^M%lk. our doctors have helped
111 %jjlr\ nip /^*\_r-. &*W "?\ t^? iri'*fir* received no benefit from
Jl l/fl/M VH\ /^^jT^ fffl I Wt^lw^f the medicine I took, until
n< (a \*z^&r^. <t^F% S %J Uy wM to write to Dr. Pierce. I
#^\" *^^N' t£^Ssi$W^==r Nf^" Jw-**"\7-^'\ *^ so ' too1c *" s kind ad.-
' > * | *A * iWwnl %^ a- A Vnfe -$$i vice> and am nov/ so wcI1
<**"^"'^•«*^K j / vwi,'! •'&£/•&'&& \ yji Ay ' Wpj as to be ahli to do my
♦ - «"*SS. *£* V2%km rfMwM$K \ MiK. 'Mil 1 own work. I also took the
, V-v rM»^^ VwC't 'Golden Medical Discov-
<$/» ,..<^\ Wlmf^Sgk «%rf ery' and the 'Pellets 'six
z*. *v H IMiJw^^^^W-^^S/ „" nionth . s j or V Iver disease
«l ■*?■ > W M&^^^ J -^~ S5^ kind d^Sr^advisS. I
<±S) , Vu that they reached
1 "*— George Ri'ehl, of Lodl-
/■3» \Af.v ""^^arr^v^t / «f. port Station, Westmore-
£X*« ,!} y«* * *(/*> 8&1\. *%& land Co., Pa., "and can
v -. \.i '/" * ISrSe»s^ X -fs-^. honestly say Dr. Pierce's
ago the newspapers were calling atten- Golden Medical Discovery has cured me
tion to one of the richest men of the age of a pain in my right lung that the best
working in his garden like a common doctors conld not help. My appetite
laborer for his health's sake and for the and digestion have improved so that I
same cause living abstemiously on a diet can eat anything at all, and I feel better
which a laborer would despise. There's than I have for years. My pain is all
a conspicuous example or the class of gone and I feel like a new person."
people whose success seems almost fail- n I am glad to testifiy to the benefits
ure. But how many people are struck derived from Dr. Pierce's Golden Med-
down fatally in the hours of success, ical Discovery," writes Miss Mary Belle
no man can absolutely say. Stomach Summerton, of San Diego, Dnval Gx,
"failure" means heart failure, the failure Texas. "I was troubled with very Ire-
of kidneys, liver, lungs and any other queirt headaches, often accompanied by
organ, inasmuch as each and every organ severe vomiting ; bowels were irregular
of the body is dependent on the stomach and my stomach and liver seemed con-
- for its nutrition and therefore for its tinnally out of order. Often I conld eat
vitality. For this reason no vital statis- almost nothing, aud sometimes abso-
tics can ever give the number of those lutery nothing, for twenty-four hours at a
who fall victims to disease of the stom- time. I was entirely unfit for work, and
ach and the other organs of digestion my whole system seemed so run-down
and nutrition, because the cause of their that I feared a severe sick spell, and was
decease is charged to other organs dis- very much discouraged. I was advised
eased through the stomach. to try Dr. Pierce's Golden Medical Dis-
WHAT'S THB MATTER WITH YOU? *? d *«* f> ?"<* satisfactory
t m. t. ' ■ i_ t. 1 « 1 « 1. _i. results that before finishing the timd
Is it "weak » Jungs « weak » heart, -bottl€ j felt j^fe^y ab j e^ undertake
kidney «• trouble.' nver« trouble "or dis- duties public Hfe,
ease of any dtbi rgan ?^ You will find contracted to do s5.»
that in general, i: you trace trie disease
back it originates in a diseased condition a VALUABLE MEDICAL WORK, CONTAISW
of the stomach and its allied organs of M0RB rnASJ ON3J THO rjsAND
digestion and nutrition. The best proof
of this is that diseases of heart, liver, PAGES FRBS.
lungs, kidneys, etc, are constantly being Dr. Pierce's Common Sense Medical
cured by Dr. Pierce's Golden Medical Adviser, containing over one thousand
Discovery which is primarily and chiefly large pages and more than 700 illustra-
a medicine iot the cure of diseases of the tions, some of them lithographed in
stomach and of the blood. The body colors, is sent free on receipt of stamps
and all its organs are sustained by food, to pay expense of mailing only. Send
properly digested and assimilated, which 31 one-cent stamps for the cloth-bound
when converted into blood forms the volume, or only 21 stamps for the book
nutrition by which physical life is re- in paper covers. Address Dr. R. V»
newed day by day, and meal by meal. Pierce, Buffalo, N. Y.
JURORS FASTEN
CRIME ON BIRR
Find Denver Merchant
Guilty of Diamond
Robbery.
DENVER, Dec. 8.— The jury in the case
of.J. K. Barr, formerly a prominent mer
chant and manufacturer of Denver, on
trial charged -with robbing Mrs. Mary
Betts of $7000 worth of diamonds, to-night
returned a verdict of guilty after being
out twenty-two hours. The penalty for
the crime Is from one to fourteen years in
the penitentiary.
Something' over a year ago Mrs. Betts
was robbed of her diamonds while return
ing to the city from a drive with a man
by the name of Haennalt. The latter was
also robbed of a sum of money, but was
later arrested, charged with having en
tered into a scheme to rob Mrs. Betts, the
drive, it was charged, being part of an
alleged conspiracy. Haennalt was con
nned in prison for some months, and dur
ing the time implicated Barr in the case.
The charges against him were dropped
upon his agreement to turn State's evi
dence. This he did not do, however. One
of the sensational features of the case
was the testimony of Mrs. Betts that she
was of the opinion that the person who
took her jewels from her was a woman
disguised in man's clothing. Barr's at
torneys will move for a new trial to-mor
row.
American League Averages.
CHICAGO, I>ec. 8.— The averages of the
American League baseball players were
given out to-day. The first two of each
division follows:
NAME AND CLUB. Q. • PO. A. E. Av.
Pitchers— C
Bracken, Cleveland 12 ... 25 .. 1.000
Patten, Washington.... 31 22 61 2 .900
Catchers—
Sugden. Chicago 43 ISO 49 8 .973
Criger. Boston 69 301 106 13 .963
First Basemen — _
Dung&n, Washington... 31 350 10 g .983
Anderson, Milwaukee... 125 311 64 26 .961
Second Basemen-
La Joie, Philadelphia.. 130 403 374 30 963
Quinn, Washington..... 66 167 175 15 .951
Shortstops —
ClinKman, Washington. 137 285 472 50 .938
Conroy. Milwaukee 131 305 439 61 920
Outfielders-
Duffy, Milwaukee 78 143 6 4 973
Jackson, Baltimore 97 232 4 8 9o7
Third Basemen— '
Bradley, Cleveland 133 198 315 35 .938
Cross, Philadelphia 100 144 239 32 -.923
~*~ WINNING PITCHERS. ■ v"
NAME. Won Loat. Av.
Griffith, Chicago 24 7 774"
Younit. Boston.. 32 10 '75!
Engineer Dies From Injuries.
SALEM, Or., Dec. 8.— Engineer William
"White, who was injured in the wreck on
the Southern Pacific here last night, died
to-day. The track was not cleared until
this morning, and last night's overland
train was delayed seven hours. There ia
no clew to the train wreckers.
PARISHIONERS
GIVE THOUSANDS
Remarkable Collection of^j
Money in Pasadena
Church.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PASADENA, Dec. 8.— The new Metho
dist Episcopal Church on the corner or
Marengo avenue and Colorado street was
dedicated to-day by Bishop Earl Crans
ton of Oregon. The church was begun two
two years ago and the* cornerstona
was laid last year. The edinca
Is of Gothic and Moorish archi
tecture in brownstone and cost $80,
000. The church was crowded to the
doors to-day with Methodists and others
from all parts of the country. Artec fin
ishing his sermon Bishop- Cranston an
nounced that there was a $30,000 debt on
the church and it was the purpose of the
pastor and trustees to raise that amount
before the congregation left the building.
Stewards were distributed about the
church with the collection boxes and the
required sum was raised in an hour.
■■■\~. Vj AT) V KH-TTRTTrVnirTTTg,
Catarrh, Deafness,
W&L „ \M\U1NI^J^ Throat!
Diseases Positively Cured by
DR. COTTINfiBAM'S » Uc
Regular graduate and expert on EAR. NOSE,
THROAT and U'NQ DISEASES.
204 Sutter Street, NW. Cor. of Kearny
Hours, 9-12 a. m. ; 1-3 and 7-3 p. m.
rnrrAN HONEST TRIAL, OP ONE
rnhhWEEK given to show the su-
* """ perior merit of the treatment.
3000 test cases, 95 per cent cured. Call at
once or write for free treatment.
Jftk El II Ea D 493* Ammunition. Pistols. Cut-
■ Hi Ifai IL" lery - Carvinir Seta, Football,
H _ H R Era>l Baseball, Athletic and Out-
u H 3 P S TN 2» M lnsr Goods for Holiday Trade.
(LjQ  9 VJ V*4# Send for Catalogue.
** w " ™ 3HRBVE it BABBEK CO..
739 Market Si tnd 511 Ie»rny St
§DR. MEYERS & CO.
SPECIALISTS FOR ML\
Established 1S3L Con#~
sultatlon and private booft
free at office or by *n*M t
Cures guaranteed.
731 MARKET ST.
SAN FRANCISCO, CAiuFRIENDS OF THE BOERS
APPEAL TO ROOSEVELT
Great Meeting in Chicago, Addressed by Bourke Cockran,
Adopts Resolutions Calling Upon the President to Use
His Good Offices to End the Struggle in .South Africa
CHICAGO, Dec. 8.— A programme of
protest against British methods in the
South African war was carried out before
an immense audience in the Auditorium
Theater here to-night. Following an elo
quent address by W. Burke Cockran and
earnest speeches by others, resolutions for
the appointment of a committee to bring
the sentiment of the meeting before the
President were adopted. '
Although an admission was charged, the
funds being intended to aid the Boers,
and especially their women and children,
standing room was at a premium and
many were unable to gain admittance.
The programme opened with the song
"The True Heart," by nineteen German
singing societies of Chicago. Dr. Hiram
Thomas, head of the People's Church, fol
-iowed with a prayer for the women and
in South African prison camps.
Then followed short addresses by Judge
Theodore Brentano and Judge Mtirray
Tuley, chairman of the Chicago branch of
the American Transvaal League, under
the auspices of which the meeting was
held.
Boer Cause Not Hopeless.
There were 500 persons on the stage
ADVERTISEMENTS.
"Bis-kits"
""O IS-KITS" are short, tender edi-
X3 bles made without trouble from
"Bis-kit," The H-O Co.'s prepar-
ation of winter wheat flour, cream* of
tartar and soda. "Bis-kit" Flour is an
up-to-date ready in a wink novelty,
sold by The H-O Company under
the strongest possible guarantee— for
cakes, pastry and biscuits.
STATEMENT
f OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE-
Fireman's Fund
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF SAN FRANCISCO. IN THE STATE OF
California, on the 31st day of December,
A. D. 1900, and for the year ending: on that
day, as made to the Insurance Commissioner
of the State of California, pursuant to the pro-
Visions of sections CIO and £11 of the Political
Code, condensed as per blank Jurnished by the
Commissioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up In
Cash Jl.000.000, 00
ASSETS. ~~ '
Real Estate owned by Company $363,700 00
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages 280.187 64
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company 2.262,825 00
Amount of J^oane secured by pledge
of Bond*. Stocks, and other mar-
ketable eeearities as collateral 1SL100 00
Cash In Company's Office 14.472 07
Cash in Banks 176.022 43
Interest, due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 790 30
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages 6,813 34
Premiums in due Course of Collec-
f tlon 460,975 64
Bills receivable, not Matured, taken
for Fire and Marine Risks 50,743 SS
■Warrants 1.256 56
I>ue from other Companies for Re-
insurance on losses already paid.. . 8,102 05
Advances on unsettled Marine Losses 5,076 83
Bills Receivable 1,500 CO
Total Assets $4,013,675 76
LIABILITIES.
Lopses adjusted and unpaid.... $32,033 30
Losses in process of Adjustment or
In Suspense 138,775 92
Losses resisted, including expenses. 5,825 00
Gro£s premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less, $1,152,302 8S:
reinsurance DO per cent E76.6S1 44
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ninjt more than one year. $1,463,-
C09 40: reinsurance pro rata 744,333 80
Gross premiums on Marine and In- .
land Navigation Risks. J23.3C3 47;
reinsurance 100 per cent 23,365 47
Gross premiums on Marine Time
Risks, $137, 814 05; reinsurance 50
percent 68.907 47
Special deposits 14,739 G3
Commissions and Brokerage due and
to become due 61,850 61
Ziarlne bills payable 5.215 07
Total Liabilities $1,671,807 61
INCOME.
ICet cash actually received for Fire
premiums $1,597,492 63
ICet cash actually received for Ma-
rine rrem!um» 323,183 05
Received for Interest on Bonds and
Mortgages ..-•• 22,609 15
Received for interest and dividends
on Bonds, Stocks. Loans, and from
all other sources 117.439 08
J Received for Rents '. 27.S52 08
/ Total Income $2,088,676 00
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Fire Losses $988,951 74
Vet amount paid for Marine Losses. 197,496 E5
Di\-ldends to Stockholders 120.000 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage - 257,30145
Paid for Salaries. Fees, and other
charges for oiScers, clerks, etc — 236,017 74
Paid for State. National and Local
taxes 68,432 45
All other payments and expenditures 191,008 91
Total Expenditures $2,039,209 14
Losses Incurred during the year $1.191.457 64
Risks and Premiums. 1 Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks!
written during the
year -• { $192,7S5,S41 $2,316,597 26
Net amount of Risks
ySr^..^!^...^ 167.2S3.911 1.982.62148
Net amount In force
December 3L 1300.... 217,250,396 2,616.972 S3
Risks and Premiums. Mar. Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year $10L$64,872 $862,050 30
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year 1C3,£24,793 831.061 SS
,-^ Net amount in force
/f December SL 1900.... | 4.E30.425 16L180 42
' WM. J. DUTTON. Prest.
LOUIS WEINMANN. Secy.
Subscribed and sworn to before me, this 16th
day of January, 19C1.
ANDREW J. CLUNIE.
Insurance Commissioner.
when Mr. Cockran, the orator of the even
ing, arose and bowed in recognition of the
tumult of applause which greeted him. He
said, in part: «
However men may differ about the invasion
of the South African republics, all are agreed
that the restoration of peace Is In the highest
degree desirable. There are but two ways in
which the war can be terminated— either the
Boers must surrender or the English must
abandon the hope of subduing them.
But is It true that the resistance of the
Boers Is hopeless? Since the fall of Pretoria
it certainly has not been fruitless; It has been
justified by most important results. Lord
Salisbury's position that nothing but absolute
surrender would be considered has been aban
doned, and to-day the burghers could obtain
almost any terms short of complete acknowl
edgement of their independence. As their re
sistance has not been fruitless, neither is their
struggles for independence hopeless. On the
contrary. If their resistance is prolonged for a
few months, the abandonment of the- struggle
to subdue them by Great Britain is Inevitable.
This statement is not toased on any special
information concerning the war, but on the
conviction that it will be impossible for the
Government to secure the passage of many
more war appropriations through the House o£
Commons. The last budget was passed only
after immense difficulties. All sources of
taxation have been exhausted and the attempt
to effect another large war loan would result
I Fine Holiday Presents!
Made to Order. yj
Globe Cassimere Suits 1
S30.00 I
Worth $40.00. 1 i
Full Dress, Silk Lined 1
S40 and $45 I
Worth $55 to $75. |
JOE POHEIMi
THE TAILOR. I
S 01-2 03 Montgomery St. |f
1110-1112 Market St, Baa Francises. ||
113 8. Spring St., Lot Angeles. Eg
CALIFORNIA
LIMITED
to CHICAGO
The maximum comfort"
combined with highest speed
is secured on this celebrated
train.
It runs over the
SANTA FE
From San Francisco, daily, 9 A. M
Ticket Office— 641 Market Street \
DISORDERS jf\
BY FAR THE GREAT- 7/ W^f\J]
er number of patient- >3 \ VL/ //
•e«ldng: relief for Bo-called U \ BTv/l //
weakness are strong, ro- \\ ' \i* J 1 *//-
butt men In every other re-
spect. Loes of Vitality. Prematurenesa, ' etc.,
are not weaknesses, but- the eymptoms of In-
flammatory processes In the Prostate Gland (so-
called neck of bladder) caused by contracted
disorders and too often repealed and too long
continued excitement. Under our local p!*n of
treatment, directed toward reducing the» en-
larged and swollen Prostate, immediate results,
as indicated by Increased circulation and re-
rewed strength, are observed. Our colored
chart of the organs, which we send f re« on ap-
plication, la Interesting to any one wishing to
study the anatomy of the male.
DR. TALCOTT & CO., 997 Market St
/g^DEWEf,STROWB&CO 1 jg^r
MARKET ST. SF. >§n£*
AI PP n A 1 f A I Corner Fourth and
IflLL U Nun I Market. S. F. Try
Ml r r K I <"" Special Brew.
Lin I I ill IHL Steam and Lager.
Will I- I J \J 1 I 1 L. £, c . Overcoats and
valises checked free
«■- * ■ . ■ ■ . ■ . ■ -
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL; MONDAY, DECEMBER 9 1901.
INDIGENT INVALID FALLS HEIR
TO A QUARTER OF A MILLION
DENVER, Dec. 8.— With only $2.75 in his pocket and a sick wife at home, Louis Grevin, an invalid here*
for his health, received a telegram yesterday from a firm of Kansas City, Mo., lawyers, announcing that
he was heir to a fourth interest in the Soison farm, in the department of Lang,. near Paris.
The farm is worth $1,000,000. It is one of the famous stock farms of the world. Kirk Armour
and Robert Bonner have bought horses there. Maurice Bigot conducted it from the day he was 21
years old until his recent death at the age of 79- On this farm Rosa Bonheur found models for many of her pic
tures, notably that of "The Horse Fair." The great ' Norman stallions she depicted were those for which Soison
farm is famous. .
There are four heirs— Grevin, his mother, who lives in Chicago, Pierre Parks of Ithaca, N..Y., and Fran
cois Grevin of Paris. ; .'.,.■
Louis Grevin has been a "capper" for the Cottage Club gambling-house here, as he was too ill to do heavy
work. He came to Denver from Kansas City a little more than a year ago. He was a cigar clerk in the Vic
toria Hotel there. His own and his wife's illness drove him to sore straits, but he was too proud to ask for
money from his rich grandfather and wrote that he was quite well to do when asked if he needed money. Three
years ago Grevin visited the Soison farm. ' His grandfather urged him to stay and offered him a share in the
management of it, though he was then only about 23 years old. Grevin will, however, live in Denver*
in such a fall in the price of consols as would
seriously Jeopardize British industries. If,
then, the Boer forces can hold the field a little
longer, the attempt to subdue the republics
must be abandoned for lack of means to' pur
sue it.
The capacity of the Boers to maintain the
struggle is placed beyond a doubt by the bar
barity of the methods employed to subdue
them. The Knglish Government cannot avoid
supporting the women and children made home
less by the destruction of the farms. With
the support of his women and children im
posed upon England, while his lands have
been • made desolate and unproductive, the
Boer soldier is free to continue in the field
as long as he can secure by capture abundant
supplies of food and arms from the English
forces. His reputation for humanity and cour
age make the English soldier prefer surren
dering to facing his rifle.
Real Interests of England.
Nothing can be clearer than that the resist
ance of the burghers cannot be* suppresseci.
and, therefore, the only possible way to peace
Is the withdrawal of Great Britain from the
attempt to subdue the South African soldiers.
The British Government' may prolong the war.
but cannot change the outcome. Such a re
sult being consistent with justice, it is In
the interests of every one to hasten it. The
real interests of 'England as well as of the
rest of the world will be advanced by pro
moting It.
The pretense that the existence of these re
publics endangered British authority over the
rest of South Africa is unworthy serious con
sideration. If republics and monarchical au
thority are so hostile that their mere proximity
Involves conflict between them, this country
would be justified In annexing Canada as a
necessary measure of protection for its own
.safety.
This meeting has no disposition to provoke
bitterness, or to increase the crop of resent
ments, already too large, throughout the
world. Much as we might desire the Incor
poration of Canada 'In the Union, unless it
could be accomplished by the consent of- the
people on both sides of the frontier, we do not
wish it. but it may be well to point out that
there was much less justification for the as
sault upon the South African republics by
Great Britain than there would be ! for the
forcible annexation of Canada by this country.
Continuing, Mr. Cockran said that the
real interest of the Irish people in the
Transvaal war was in extending the do
main of English commerce, not in extend
ing the domain of the English crown. He
continued:
Disaster to the English people lies not In the
defeat of this enterprise, but In its success. If
the South African republics were subdued and
the last Boer disarmed, the men and women
now in captivity must be returned to the soil.
To maintain authority over these people—re
sentful, dissatisfied, accustomed to bearing
arms— would require the maintenance of a
huge army and such an army could not be
maintained without establishing compulsory
military service in Great Britain. The es
tablishment of compulsory military service in
j England would be the ruin of the British con
stitution. The name of England might remain
to distinguish a political division of the earth's
surface, but not to describe a country of con
stitutional freedom.
Appeals to Roosevelt.
The conquest of the Transvaal, while It might
be dangerous to the burghers, would be fatal
to England. The people who have the great
est interest of all In the defeat of English
arms are the people of England. They can be
saved from this peril. Civilization can be de
livered from this cloud which darkens Its hor
izon If the conscience of the English people
can be awakened. To do this, the most effective
means is to show them that the people of this
country do not sympathize with the scheme of
conquest which the English Government has
undertaken.
Providence has so ordered events that the
President of the United States can quell this
bitter war. It is an extraordinary opportunity
offered to an extraordinary man. It would not
be necessary to draw the sword, to make any
threat of armed intervention, or to take an un
friendly attitude. One word spoken to the
Knglish embassador or In the hearing of the
English nation would restore peace, establish
justice secure liberty to these burghers and
promote enormously the friendly relations be
tween the people. . *"
Will that word be spoken? Never In history
have such momentous results hung on the lips
of a human being. Will Theodore Roosevelt
improve thiB opportunity for himself, his coun
try and the whole human race?
A letter from Carl Schurz was read, in
which he said:
I am one of those who heartily rejoice at the
subsidence in this country of the old and more
or less unreasoning prejudice against England.
I witness with sincere satisfaction the dis
appearance from our popular oratory of the
cheap trick of "twisting the British lion's
tail," and I hail with joy the growth of a
real friendship between the two nations. But
Englishmen should not Indulge In any delusions
about this. Deep In their hearts the great
masses of the American people cherish a pro
found sympathy for the Boers In their struggles
and sufferings. What they condemned was
done by the British irf South Africa. And if
there is anything apparent to revive the old
BEAUTIFUL
S. & Q.
Gunp
CO.
The Latest European
Importations in
Otiets fl'Art, Etc.
113 Geary Street.
Larger and Handsomer
Assortment Than Ever.
OPEN EVENINGS AFTER
DECEMBER llth.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NATIVE SCOUTS
KILL DESERTER
Bring/Into Camp the
Head of David
Fagin.
MANILA, Dec. 8.— Native, scouts from
Bangabon, province of Nueva Ecija, have
killed the American negro, David Fagin,
a deserter from the Twenty T fourth In
fantry (colored), who for more than two
years has been leading Filipinos against
the American troops. The native scouts
decapitated their prisoner. The man's
head, however, was recognized as that of
Fagin. The scouts also secured his com
mission in the insurgent army. Fagin
had on one of his fingers the class ring
of Lieutenant FredericK W. Alstaetter of
the engineers, who -was captured by Fili
pinos, supposedly under the command of
Fagin himself, on October' 28, 1900. : Fagin
has been reported killed on several occa
sions. The authorities are satisfied that
former statements of his death were er
roneous and that he has now been killed.
A military committee has sentenced
Filipino General lsidor Torres to be hang
ed, after finding him guilty of ordering
the assassination of Corporal Fieldner of
the 'iweitth infantry at Malolos, province
of Bulucan, last October. Tne sentence
of ine commission nas been disapproved
by Ueneral cnattee, who Unas mat tno
commission has reasonable grounds to
doubt wnether General Torrea personally
ordered the assassination of the Ameri
can soldier. General Chaffee believes
that the nigh ranK occupied by Torres in
the insurgent army would have been suf
ficient to prevent such unmilltary action
on his j>art.
The case of Patterson, the Englishman,
private secretary to Sixto Lopez, to de
port whom from Manila eltorts were
made after he had landed there without
swearing allegiance to the United States,
is still nanglng fire before the Supreme
Court. Patterson's attorneys assert that
their client, once having landed, is be
yond the jurisdiction of W. Morgan
Shuster, Collector of Customs for the
Philipnines, who has been trying to ef
fect Patterson's expulsion.
The United States Philippine Commis
sion has passed; an act authorizing the in
sular purchasing agent to draw money
In gold for payment for supplies pur
chased, as the merchants refuse to sell
goods for Mexican silver.
. A general feeling of uneasiness pre
vails among the business men of Manila
over the unofficial announcement that,
beginning on January 1, the United State3
Philippine Commission intends to reduce
by the difference of the fall in the price
of silver the present ratio of two Mexican
dollars for one gold dollar. It is hoped,
however, that some solution of the diffi
culty may be found which may obviate
this necessity, as, for instance, the tax
ing of each silver dollar imported into
the islands by the difference between its
actual bullion price and 50 cents in gold,
until such time as the United States Con
gress gives authority for the issuance of
a Philippine currency.
LARGE AMOUNT OF COIN
TURNED OUT BY THE MINTS
Considerable Number of Gold Pieces
Coined at Philadelphia for
Costa Rican Government. |
"WASHINGTON, Dec. 8.— The report of
George E. Roberts, Director of the Mint,
during the fiscal year ended June 30, 1901,
has been completed. The coinage of the
mints during the fiscal year amounted to
176,999,132 pieces of the value of $136,340,781.
Of this $69,065,715 was in' gold, $24,298,850
was in silver dollars. $10,966,648 was in
fractional silver and $2,009,568 was in
minor coins. There also were coined at
the Philadelphia Mint 225.000 gold pieces
of the value of $349,014 for the Government
of Costa Rica.
Coinage operations were conducted dur
ing the year in the mints at Philadelphia,
San Francisco and New Orleans. The
Philadelphia Mint is now in its new quar
ters, and the old site, including the struct
ure, will be offered for sale to the high
est bidder on December 19, 1901.
The new Mint under construction at
Denver has made slow progress during
the year, and the supervising architect
finds an additional appropriation neces
sary before the fall contracts can be let.
The appropriation* for site and building
was $500,000 and for equipment $150,000.
The new mints at Philadelphia and Den
ver, together with the old ones at San
Francisco and New Orleans, will afford
ample facilities for this country for many
years to come.
anti-British feeling in this republic, it is the
terrible spectacle presented by the Boer war.
The following resolutions were adopted:
Resolved, That we,' as American citizens, be
lieve that the wanton destruction of property
of non-combatants by English military authori
ties in South Africa (without precedent in
modem times, save by English officers in the
war of the American revolution) is a source
of needless suffering to the people of the
South African republics and without advantage
to the operations of the English army; "and
the slaughter of helpless and innocent, caused
by English prlspn pens. Is a useless outrage on
the humanity of the civilized world, which
amply Justifies concentrated remonstrance by
American and European states; and, believing
that the rights and obligations of common
humanity are not determined by geographical
or political limitations; and regarding tht
treaty of 1871 as made to be observed by Eng
land as well as by America, we do most sol
emnly remonstrate and protest against the acts
of. the English Government.
Resolved. That we, and each of us, do here
by pledge ourselves to use our utmost powers
to make this, our purpose, known to our sev
eral Representatives In the American Con
gress, and to cause a copy of these resolutions
to be brought to the attention of the President
of the United States with our most respectful
but urgent petition that the treaty of Wash
ington of May 8, 1871. be strictly , enforced and
that the use of American ports and watero
be henceforth denied to vessels operated under
British charter for the augmentation of sup
plies of war; and that the President of the
United States will employ every possible
means to bring to an end the horrors of con
centration camps and a war which by its un
exampled ferocity and enormous cost of life
and treasure has astounded the civilized world.
Resolved, That the chairman be authorized
to appoint a committee of citizens of Chicago
to call the attention of the President to these
resolutions and the sentiment of the. citizens
of Chicago, and that such committee shall have
power to add .to its number citizens of other
portions of the United States. >,
A resolution was also adopted commend
ing Governor Yates of Illinois for issuing
a proclamation calling for assistance for
the occupants of concentration camps in
South Africa. .
The meeting closed with a remarkable
demonstration.' Following the speech
making the audience roared its approval
of the Boer cause, the cheering being long
continued, and then contributions ■ were
asked for the relief of the stricken women
and children in South Africa, afore than
$5500 was raised. * /■■'
MINISTER SHOT TO DEATH
BY JUSTICE OF THE PEACE
Becomes Angered Because of Per
' sonal Remarks Made by Clergy
man From the Pulpit.
BROOKSIDE. Ala., Dec. 8— Rev. J. W.
Bradford, a Methodist minister at this
place, was shot by R. D. Coffman, Justice
of the Peace, to-day and died two hours
later.
Rev. Bradford had been returned here
as the Methodist minister for another
year. While at Sunday-school this morn
ing he called attention to the fact and
remarked that he hoped all the relations
between himself . and his congregation
would be pleasant. He added, it is alleged,
that their relations would be pleasant if
they would stop such men as Coffman
from lying about him and the church.
Coffman was once a member of the Rev.
Bradford's church, but had been expelled
on some charge.
After the shooting Coffman surrendered
and a warrant was sworn out charging
him with murder.
Readv to Build Turkish Cruiser.
CONSTANTINOPLE, Dec. 8. — The
Cramp Shipbuilding Company has notified
the Porte that it is ready to commence
building a cruiser for the Turkish Gov
renment and has asked the Government to
send officers to supervise the vessel's con
struction.
The season is advancing rapidly— no doubt the weather has convinced you [
I ere this of the necessity of a new suit or overcoat. With this assured wa want td"
show you that this is the place to look for your clothes. Our prices, styles and 1
values in general appeal to any man who makes his dollars count when buying
clothes. ' .
In purchasing here you buy direct from us, the makers of the clothes — the
middleman's profit is your saving. Further than this, we manufacture in great
quantities for our retail stores in San Francisco and New York, and for wholesale |
I throughout the United States. In manufacturing so largely we can sell better goods
for the same money, or the same goods for less money, than any dealer who hasn't
these advantages. We leave this to your judgment.
Our methods of selling should interest you. If you are displeased with
your purchase three propositions are open to you: An exchange, an alteration or
money refunded. If ycu keep the clothes we agree to keep them in repair free
for one year.. Under this system how is a dissatisfied customer possible ?
Here are items. typical of our values:
Made of serges , cheviots, tweeds and worsteds of solid Made of black or Oxford gray cheviots, blue kerseys »
' colors and fancy patterns j ( all wool; fast colored; our and tan coverts; swell, stylish coats; well made and
; Send us your name j^^ -^y^.J 1 Af/X/Vfl^ M x -^\**>. Out-of-town orders
| and we will mail you Vg^TA • I^M * jsSva fi If § i§ If /^i m H m ec^ * or men ' s <"*
i a booklet on sugg&s- \*^ I "^» » <&*Jr O/ la \j2Sr boys' clothing, fur- !
j iions for Christmas. • - • . - - . ' — " nishings and hats.
j ; 718 Market Street.
MORRISON NOT IN FAVOR
OF THE PANAMA ROUTE
Examination of the Canal Commission's Report Disproves
the Published Statement That One Member Would Ad
vise Against the Selection of the Nicaragua Survey
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL, BUREAU. 1406 G STREET, N.
"W., WASHINGTON, Dec. 8.— An exam
ination of the report of the Isthmian
Canal Commission, which was sent to
Congress last week, shows that it is ab
solutely unanimous. There is no minority
report despite the assertion that Georfee
R. Morrison differed from his colleagues
to the extent of recommending the adop
tion of the Panama canal route. As it
reached Congress' the report Is unanimous
in its indorsement of the Nicaraguan
route as the "most feasible" one for an
inter-oceanic waterway.
This discovery is the more surprising
because the text of the so-called "minor
ity report," signed by Mr. Morrison, has
been published and accepted as a fact by
the press.
CANAL BILL TJP THIS WEEK-
Its Friends Expect Final Action Be
fore the Holidays.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 8.— The only meas
ure of Importance which the Senate haa
on its calendar for the present week is
the new Hay-Pauncefote treaty, making
provision for the abrogation of the Clay
ton-Bulwer treaty and opening the way
for the unobstructed construction of the
isthmian canal by the United States. Act
ing for the Committee on Foreign Rela
tions, Senator Lodge will ask the Senate
to go into executive session to-morrow
for the consideration of the treaty, and
each day thereafter until the convention
is disposed of.
It can be said that at this time the
prospect is very strong that the treaty
will be ratified, and it now looks as if this
result would be obtained after compara
tively little delay. There will be some de
bate and some features of the document
will be qriticlzed as undesirable, but there
is no probability of captious opposition.
The criticism will be along the lines in
dicated by Senators Money and Bacon in
the Committee on Foreign Relations at
its meeting on Friday last. No Senator
thus far. however, has shown a disposi
tion to carry his objections to the point of
ultimate effort to defeat ratification. The
principal authors of the criticism of the
treaty are Southern Senators, who are
generally very anxious for the construc-
tlon of the canal. They find that all
canal legislation will be tied up until ac
tion can be obtained on the treaty, and
they are on this account less liable than
they otherwise would be to do anything
to delay action upon the treaty itself.
The most active friends of the treaty
now claim that ratification will be ob
tained during the present week, and the
opinion is very general that it will be won
at least before the Christmas holidays.
Beyond the consideration of the treaty
very little business will be undertaken be
fore the holidays. It Is now generally
agreed that the question of reciprocity
will go over until January, probably with
out so much as being mentioned, and it
may be added that from being for a time
the subject most likely to attract early
attention It has taken a position among
the matters which will not be vigorously
urged. When the reciprocity treaties do
come up for consideration there will bo
persistent opposition to the agreement
with France and to that with Great Brit
ain covering the West Indies. There is
not so much feeling over the conventions
with the South American republics.
The present outlook also is against any
immediate action in the Senate looking to
tariff legislation for the Philippines, ami
there are some indications that the Senate
will wait upon the House of Representa
tives in this matter. Probably the Chinese
exclusion action will be reported from the
committee during the week.
The nomination of Attorney General
Knox will be reported at the first session,
but immediate confirmation probably will
be antagonized by some Senators.
The House this week probably will pass
a measure to meet the situation created
by the Philippine decision of the Supreme
Court last Monday. Up to the present
time, however, the Republican members
of the Ways and Means Committee have
not decided «upon the character of tha
measure which will be reported. A differ
ence of opinion exists as to whether there
should be a temporary exactment of the
Dingley rates on goods entering tfce
United States from the Philippines or
whether a permanent scheme of tariff leg
islation for the islands should be pre
pared. It is understood that Payne.
chairman of the committee, and Dalzell
favor the latter course. The Republican
members of the committee will meet
again to-morrow. Of course, if it be de
cided to enact a temporary measure the
procedure will be exceedingly simple, and
it probably could be passed in a day.
34
MONDAY .DECEMBER 9, 1901
JOHN D. SPR ECKELS, Proprietor.
AUi—a AH Cemnuiiettians to W. 8. LEASE, Ktctger.
MA* ACER'S OFFICE Telephone Preaa 204
PUBLICATION OFFICE... Market and Third, S. F.
Telephone Press SOI.
EDITOEUAI< BOOMS SIT to 221 Stevenaon St.
Telephone Press 202.
Delivered Iiy Carriers, 15 Cent* Per Week.
Slnffle Copies. 6 Cent*.
Term! by Hall, Including Poataffci
* DAJLT CALL <lnclu<*ln* Sunday), one rear ft.M
DAILT CALL (lncludlnc Sunday), t months £»...... S.OO
DAILY CALL, (lncladisr Sunday). I month*.. 1.50
DAILT CALL—By Single Month 6So
eniCDAT CAXJ* Oa» Tear ; ; .1.58
WJEKKJL.Y CALL. One Tear l.»
All postmasters are authorised to reeelr*
subscriptions.
Gainnle copies will be forwarded when requested.
Kan •Bfcscrfbera In ordering chance of address should be
partteolar to clve both NEW AKTD OLD ADDRESS In order
to lsscre a prompt and correct compliance with their request.
OAKLAND OFFICE 1118 Broadway.
C GEORGE KROGVESS.
Xauger Foreign Advcrtisis?, Xtrgnett* Building, CMnga.
fLonr ClBtaace Telephone "Central 2619.")
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C a CAHLTOV Herald Square
JCEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
ITErHETS B. SMITH. ...... .30 Tribune Bulltlinjsr
NEW TORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf -AttcrU Hotel; A. Brents do, SI Union Square ;
Mtanj EIll Hotel. .-
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Sherman Eouie: P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel:
Fremont Eoum; Auditorium Hotel.
(tTJLSHIXGTOX (D. C> OFFICE. . . .1400 G St.. N. W.
MORTOX E. CRAXE, Correspondent.
BBA5CH OFFICES 5f7 Montgomery, corner of Clay, open
ontll *:» o'clock. SCO Hayes, open until 9:30 o'clock. €33
M» A "t« 1 +T_ open until 8:30 o'clock. C15 Larkln, open until
%M o'clock. 1SU Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 22C1 Market,
earner Sixteenth, open ontfl » o'clock. MM Valencia, open
ctstll 9 o'clock. 106 Eleventh, open until 9 o'clock. NW.
corner Twenty-second and Kentucky, open until 9 o'clock.
2200 Fillniore. open ontll t p. m.
Columbia— "A Royal Rogue."
Grand Opera-house — "A "Wife's Peril."
California— "The Cowboy and the Lady."
Tivoli— "In Town." }■, * •'■;
Central— "The Electrician." .
Alcazar— "Christopher Jr."
Chutes. Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
cvenlns.
Fischer* 6 — Vaudeville.
Oakland Racetrack — Races to-day.
THE BUSINESS OF THE COUNTRY.
WITH the possible exception of WaTPstreet,
where the tendency in prices has been
rather downward than upward of late, there
is no indication of any wane in the current prosperity.
Week after week passes with the same monotonous
chronicle of active markets and generally firm prices
for all classes of goods. If any line sags it soon re
covers buoyancy, provisions being a conspicuous
illustration of this inherent strength and ability to
readily recover lost ground. Bradstreet's has lately
been doing seme figuring on this cheerful condition,
and finds, by an exhaustive comparison, that "after
a slight breathing spell in October, prices, influenced
chiefly by the cereals, provisions and metals, appar
ently resumed their upward course in November, and
the index number on December i is 85,775, a gain
of seven-tenths of 1 per cent over the index number
of November 1 and of 3 per cent ovef the low-water
mark of June 1, but a decline of 8 per cent from the
high-water mark of February, 1900. In all, six out
of thirteen classes of products advanced during No
vember, they being breadstuffs, provisions, livestock,
the metals, coal and coke and miscellaneous products;
forty-five products advancing, twenty-three declining
and thirty-five remaining unchanged as a result of
operations during that month. Compared with a year
ago. fifty-one products are higher, forty-two lower
and thirteen remain unchanged."
According to this exhibit the general plane of busi
ness is distinctly higher than a year ago, which cer
tainly does not indicate any falling off.
At the same time, there is no marked gain at pres
ent The country's bank clearings, while larger than
those of last 3ear, still run low down in the scale of
increase, the percentage last week in favor of this year
being 9.9 per cent, whereas up to several weeks ago
it had for months been running as high as 50 and 75
per cent. Decreased activity in Wall street may ac
count for this falling off, as the daily operations in
that stock market do more to affect the nation's
clearings than any other line of business. The clear
ings of New York form over half of those for the
whole country. In other words, as far as actual com
mercial and financial payments go, New York City
does more trading every day than all the rest of the
United States combined. For instance, last week the
national metropolis did two-thirds of the business of
the country, her clearings amounting to $1,587,972,000.
those of the rest of the country to $890,179,500 and the
grand total of the country to $2,478,151,600. Xew
York is rather a busy place, according to these figures.
The staples continue in good condition for pro
ducers and sellers, all being active and the majority
firm. The woolen mills and shoe factories continue
to report a large output, which meets with ready sale,
and the iron and steel mills are sold away ahead into'
next year. Wheat and corn have been higher and
active at Chicago, and the buying of wheat .by farm
ers amounted for several days to a scramble to specu
late. The professional speculators met the farmers
and Wall street buyers more than half-way, ladled
them out all the wheat they wanted and pocketed their
profits with a complacent grin. The press dispatches
stated that for a day or two the countrymen and other
outsiders had the Chicago market in the hollow of
their hands, as the professionals had lost control of it
under the enormous buying demand. Still it will be
a great feat if the amateur plunger eventually gets
away with the professional, at Chicago or anywhere
else.
Our local markets show but little change. The
weather has been perfect from the farmer's and mer
chant's point of view, and the nipping frost at the
close 'of the week was exactly what was needed to
check the too rank growth of vegetation in orchards
and vineyards and impart strength to the growing
feed. Cheerfulness prevails everywhere, the demand
for merchandise is first rate, money is plentiful and
collections easy, and the State continues on the crest
of the wave of prosperity.
Eastern speculators and financiers now fear that
J. Pierpont Morgan has got Cramps. The trifling
difference between a capital letter and a small one
means the difference between a great' shipyard and
in internal disturbance in Mr. Morgan's physical
being. -
THE PLEA OF THE RAILROAD.
FROM the evening organ of the Southern Pa
cific Company there has come a plea for the
adoption of Assembly constitutional amend
ment No. 28. The plea is that the creation of the
commission proposed by the amendment would be
"an experiment worth trying." It is said: "True,
the proposed commission would be invested with ex
traordinary powers, but i^ cannot fail to be more
satisfactory than the present irresponsible system,
because its members will be elected and in time will
respond to popular demand for executive action.".
The plea is more ingenious than valid. It contains
a suppression of truth and a suggestion of false-'
hood. The present system of dealing with the issues
it is proposed to transfer to the extraordinary com
mission is not irresponsible. On the contrary, it is
far more directly responsible to public opinion than
the proposed commission would be. Moreover, the
members of the commission would not be elected for
many a year to come. The amendment provides that
the original members are to be appointed by the
Gbvernor. One of them is to hold office "for two
years, another for four, another for six, another for
eight and the fifth for ten years. It will therefore be
fully six years before a majority of the extraordinary
commission will be composed of members elected by
the people.
The railroad organ says: "Uniform action on the
subject of insurance, banking, water rates, gas rates
and equalization ought to be introduced into this
State by some process, and, if this is a good plan,
it is certainly worthy of trial." To that plea the re
ply is plain. The State has already provided for uni
formity with respect to banking, insurance and equal
ization by. commissions created for that purpose.
There is no desire for uniformity of water and of gas
rates, for the simple reason that demand and supply
of those articles depend upon local conditions, and
rates cannot be made uniform throughout the State.
At present they, are regulated by local authority, and
in the hands of such authorities they should remain.
It is hardly worth while to refute in detail a set of
pleadings which from first to last are founded upon
misstatements of the issue. The railroad organ does
not even define accurately the scope of the proposed
amendment, but presents it as a plan "designed to
.abolish a number of State and county boards and
commissions and to merge their duties into a single
board possessing all the powers previously exercised."
That is a very clever way indeed of putting the case.
As a matter of fact the amendment would subvert all
local authority in regulating even such matters of
purely local concern as water and gas rates, and
would create a commission having control of the re
lations to the public of all the great corporations of
the State. Moreover, it would vest the right to ap
point the original members of the commission in the
hands of the present Governor; that is to say, it
would give the corporations themselves the right to
dictate the membership of the commission and con
trol it absolutely for at least six years.
If there were no other objection to the extraordin
ary scheme the championship of the evening railroad
organ would in itself suggest an objection. The
railroad does not support the evening organ for
nothing. It is known that the Southern Pacific Com
pany subsidizes the Pest to the extent of over $3000
a month, and that it Is the mouthpiece of W. F. Her
rin. When Mr. Hays was president of the road he
desired to sell the organ as a bit of prop
erty useless to a company engaged in legiti
mate railroad business. However, it was not
sold. It remains subject to Herrin's orders
and works for the accomplishment of his
schemes. Consequently the fact that it indorses the
extraordinary commission is a sufficient warning to
the public that there is danger ahead. The extraor
dinary commission as appointed by Governor Gage
would be a Herrin commission for six years to come.
That in itself is a sufficient reason for defeating the
scheme.
President Roosevelt is reported to have stated posi
tively that if business permit he will come to Cali
fornia next spring. It happens, however, that this is
to be a long session of Congress, and consequently.,
the chances of the visit are slight. Still, here's hoping'
that business will behave itself and give the President
an opportunity to sec us when the poppies bloom.
CONTRACT LABOR.
THE advocates of equality of legislation as to
immigration, which will extend the principle
of Chinese exclusion to all the migrating na
tions and give the country more leisure to digest and
assimilate its immigrant population, will get an argu
ment out of the revelations of the Wabash road acci
dent in Michigan. One of the wrecked trains was
carrying a large number of immigrants from South
ern Italy, booked for San Francisco. The carnage
among them was horrible. Out of more than two
hundred but few survived the awful crush and con
flagration.
One of the wounded survivors, Giovanni Folorno,
was interrogated by Father Beccherini, an Italian
priest. Folorno said the party arrived in New York
on the steamer Campagne, and the whole band went
to a Mulberry-street banker to get their money
changed. These Mulberry-street bankers are
padrones and brokers, who contract the labor of
their countrymen, import them and shave their
money in exchange. He said the banker gave them
tickets to San Francisco. After examining the ticket
and certain other evidences the priest said: "But
how did this boy, under 18,'get out of Italy and into
this country? He has no passport. I think I know.
These men were being imported under contract to
work in San Francisco. Folorno could not tell me
how many were with him. When I asked him who got
him to come over here he looked suspicious, and I
could see he had been instructed to say nothing. He
only answered, 'A man had brought them over to
work.' He said he bad been given $25 by a Mul
berry-street banker.'.'
This is no doubt the revelation of a plot to vio
late our labor contract laws, and makes it probable
that such violation is going on at a wholesale rate.
It is no secret that most of the Southern European
labor that comes is transient. It has'learried from
the Chinese code of tactics, and stays here long
enough to acquire wealth upon which to return and
live easily in its own country. During its sojourn it
is probably naturalized and lends. a« hand at Ameri
can politics, exercising a certain control over the
public affairs of a country for which it has only a
parasitic attachment.
It was to prevent this sort of importation and
transient sojourn that the law against contract labor,
was enacted. From Southern Europe we have re
ceived anarchist immigration and a variety of 'dis
orderly and undesirable elements, which • do not
readily assimilate, and, while essentially foreign in
sentiment, under our naturalization laws can share in
the privileges of citizenship. There is some
strength in the argument that our whole- immigra-
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALIi, MONDAY, DECEMBER 9, 1901.
tion policy- will stand a drastic revision. • It- may be -
that in dealing with Chinese exclusion we have
learned something and have got our hand in' 1 , for
the job of a far more general protection of Ameri
can labor and our civil institutions than is to
be^ accomplished by the, exclusion of the people of
one Asiatic country alone. _ The labor and commer
cial depression that has set in in Germany may be
expected .to extend and soon to increase the chron
ically hard conditions of life in Southern Europe
generally. With good times in this country there
will be furnished the contrasting conditions that in
duce people to migrate. When .that immigration,
comes it is ready to work for wages down nearly to
the original Chinese level, and our domestic wage
rate suffers in consequence. The evil affects the
whole country and is not^ confined to this coast,
therefore it is a national affair, and the whole coun
try may well participate in devising a remedy that
will be for the relief of all sections.'
Colonel Meade of the Brooklyn navy-yard has!
been acquitted of the charge of "scandalous conduct
tending to the destruction of good morals," but as a"
part' of the evidence reported in the case was to" the"
effect that he once showed himself in public clad in
underclothes and a white helmet it is evident that if
his morals were good his manners .were eccentric. *
A POINT WORTH NOTING.
CONGRESSMAN METCALF'S appointment
to a position on the Committee of Ways and
Means of the House brings to the Republicans
of California a lesson, agreeable in its nature, which
will be well worth noting. It is a proof of the ad
vantage resulting from the re-election of capable men
to Congress instead of making a change of repre
sentatives merely for the sake of change. Had a new.
man been sent to Congress from Mr. Metcalf's dis
trict at the last election it is not at all likely that Cali
fornia would now have a representative on that im-.
portant committee of the House. ■
The Call has frequently had occasion to point out
that the weakness of California in Congress has been
due mainly to the practice of setting aside a repre
sentative after his first term and "giving^ another man,
a chance." No matter what were his abilities the new
man never had a chance at Washington equal to that
the former member would have possessed had he been
re-elected. It is difficult. for a new member to get a
place upon an important committee, and even if he
manage to do so his influence is slight by reason
of his lack of acquaintanceship with the members of
the House and the rules which govern Congressional
action.
Every business man knows that an employe who has
had experience is better than one who lacks it, no mat
ter how faithful the latter may be^ Success in any walk
of life is largely dependent upon personal friendships
and upon a knowledge of the men with whom one has
to deal. Friendships with influential men in Con
gress are not made in a day, nor is a knowledge of
.the ways of Congress learned by intuition and at first
sights
A man's first term in Congress is hardly more than
a term of apprenticeship. It is with his second term
that his real usefulness to his constituency begins.
The people of the older'States in the Union have long
since discovered that truth and they have been in
the main wise enough to profit by it. From some of
the older States the delegations are returned term
after term almost without change... 'The result is
those States have a power in the House far exceeding
their proportionate rank in the nation. They are
strong because their delegations are strong and know
how best to use their strength.
There is reason to believe the Republicans of Cali
fornia are beginning to realize the wisdom of re
electing their representatives. At present we have a
fairly strong position in the House, and it is steadily
improving with each term. If the constituencies will
continue to re-elect representatives who prove them
selves able, faithful and energetic, we shall soon have
a prestige in Congress second to that of no other
State in the Union.
THE, SOUTH AMERICAN TROUBLES,
WHEN Talleyrand drew from his study of
history the famous conclusion, "Revolutions
never go backward," he had no knowl
edge of what was going to happen in the his
tory of South America. In that country what they
are pleased to call "revolutions" go backward as easily
as forward. Moreover, they occasionally go side
ways. In fact, they seem to follow the* line of least
resistance and go whichever way the force of circum
stances directs.
At present we are having in the troubles of Vene
zuela and Colombia an illustration of a revolution
that oscillates. It goes forward a little way and then
it goes backward. The two republics are distinct, but
their, troubles are the same, but with a difference. In
Venezuela the Liberals are in power and the Con
servatives are, or were yesterday, in revolt. In Co
lombia the Conservatives are in power and the Lib
erals in revolt. For a time things were redhot, and
there was talk of war between the two Governments.
Just now^there is a subsidence. In each case the'
Government appears to have won. At least it con
tinues to hold office and, presumably, to collect
taxes.. Possibly there may be a change to-morrow.*
The issue between the two parties is not unworthy
of a good war, and it is a pity it cannot be fought
to^a finish. It is the aim of the Liberals to unite
Venezuela, Ecuador and Colombia and thus form a
nation strong. enough to have "prestige in South
American politics, strong enough, in fact, to compete
with Brazil, Argentine or Chile. The Conservatives
desire to perpetuate the present situation, and that
means, of course, an endless conflict between petty
states, none of which can ever hope to count for much
in war, politics or commerce. The strength of state
patriotism is known to us, for we had an experience
of it in our Civil War, but we have learned that it is
worth while to set it aside in the interests of a. greater
patriotism. President Castro of Venezuela is wise
enough to understand that larger patriotism. He has
sought to bring about the union of the three repub
lic's, but jt seems he has failed. He has not dared
to go to; the assistance of the Colombian Liberals,
and as a consequence it appears they have been de
feated. The dream of a united republic ranking'
among, the greatest in South America, therefore, van
ishes for the present. However, it is sure to come
again. Revolutions in South America may at times
go backward, but it is always easy to renew them and
start them once more forward. Castro has at least
held his own against the revolt in Venezuela, and if
his party has failed in Colombia to-day it has the
satisfaction of knowing that to-morrow there will be
another day. -;.
■ For the purpose of entertaining ten friends for
three hours a -New York millionaire recently spread
a fe'astthat cost him $100 a plate, but as he managed
to get his name, in 'the papers it is probable he had
his money!s worth.
MRS. ANDREW CARNEGIE
IS A MODEL HOSTESS
PORTRAIT OP THE WIFE OP ANDREW CARNEGIE, THE STEEL.
MAGNATE. - MRS. CARNEGIE SHUNS NEWSPAPER NOTORIETY
AND HER PICTURE IS SELDOM SEEN IN PRINT.
MRS. ANDREW CARNEGIE has never courted newspaper publicity
and shudders, it Is said, at the mention of the word interviewer. The
world knows very little about her, therefore. This reluctance to appear In
any way conspicuous is apparent to every one who has made her ac
quaintance. She prefers to be regarded simply as the mistress of Skibo
Castle or 5 West Fifty-first street, New York, rather than a person of any pub
lic interest. >• • ■■ • .
, " An Englishman who visited Mr. and Mrs. Carnegie at Skibo, In Scotland,
last summer, said of Mrs. Carnegie: "I found her a charming, vivacious, clever
woman, and a model hostess who seemed studiously to avoid doing or saying any
thing that might appear to be in any way interesting to the outside world.
"A story is told illustrative of the devotion in which the 'iron master' holds .
his wife: A little' custom which Mrs. Carnegie adopts at her dinner parties is to
put into a small silk bag slips of paper bearing the names of all the ladles pres
ent. Then just before dinner Is announced she carries the bag around to all the
male guests and each 'dips' for his partner at table. One evening Mr. Carnegie
'drew' his wife. His boyish delight was immense. Holding the slip of paper so
that all the company could see the name inscribed thereon, he playfully invited
the men to make bids for it and the honor of 'taking Sown' Mrs. Carnegie. Pres
ently he grew serious. 'The offer is withdrawn,' he said. 'My luck Is too precious."
"Photography may be mentioned as one of Mrs. Carnegie's favorite pastimes.
The mistress of Skibo is about twenty years the Junior of her husband. There
is a daughter, a winsome little miss, in whose name Skibo Castle was purchased."
PERSONAL MENTION.
E. F. Parker, a merchant of Stockton,
is at the Russ.
M. S. Arndt, a merchant of Stockton, is
at the California.
W. J. Berry, a mining jnan of Selma, is
located at the Lick.
Mrs. N. P. Chipman is registered at the
Occidental from Red Bluff.
Dr. J. Therrien of Boston, Mass., is one
of the arrivals at the Russ.
j j. M. Day; a mining man of Los An
geles, is registered at the Grand, t f .. .
George H. Cowie, an attorney of Stock
ton, is registered at the California.
Thomas O. Toland, member of the State
Board of Equalization, is at the Lick.
P. C. Drescher, a business man of Sac
ramento,- is at the California with his
wife.
J. Buck, connected with the State Nor
mal School at Chico, is one of the guests
at the Russ.
Charles D. Haines, a wealthy resident
of New York City, who is touring the
coast with his wife, is registered at the
Palace. „ . :
J. G. Woodworth, general manager of
the Pacific Coast Company, with head
quarters at Seattle, is at the Palace for a
brief stay.
George Rose, the popular bookmaker,
returned to this city yesterday after a
successful season in the East and is at
the Palace with his wife.
A CHANCE TO SMILE.
"Why did that woman keep you stand
ing at the door for half an hour?"
"She tsald she hadn't time to come in."—
Chicago Journal.
"If some men," said Uncle Eben, "was
as slow about putting' fings into deir
stomachs as dey is about takin' em out'n
der pocketbooks, dar wouldn' be nigh so
much dyspepsia on dis earf."—Washing
ton Star.
A village ordinance of Tarry town, N. Y,,
reads as follows: "Any owner of a dog
found at large without being muzzled will
be subject to a ?10 fine."- So greatly do
they fear the spread- of hydrophobia ip
Tarry town.-r-Law Notes. -
"Papa,'.' Inquired the dramatic critic's
small son, "are play actors and actresses
any worse than other people?"
"Morally speaking, my son," said the
father dispassionately, "I suppose they
are not.. But on the. stage — well, I don't
see how anybody could do worse than
some I've seen."— Detroit Free Press."
"How much are you getting for that?"
he asked of the man who was' mowing
the lawn.
■ "Nothing," replied the man.
"Then you're a fool!" .
"I know it; but as I ownjhis place and
can't get away from it I've been a fool
for a long while."— Philadelphia Record.
Kindly Visitor— Mrs. A., who do you
suppose makes you suffer so? , , .
Mrs. A.-i-I don't know, I am sure; and
I believe nothing but a postmortem will
ever show.
Kindly Visitor— You . poor thing! You
are so weak that you can never stand
that.— Tit-Bits.
"That foreign nobleman who wants to
marry . you " * .
"Yes, father,'' answered the fair girl. "I
am sure he loves me."
"But are, you sure he's a genuine for
eign nobleman?" , ->-;*.?; 1^
x "Why do you doubt him?" ■
"I asked him about his debts, and he
said he didn't owe a cent."— Washington
Star.' v. . . "
This is the story of William the weary
pilgrim and Jereboam the Puritan.
. "Prithee," quoth William, "the guer
don of a hand-out, or cold bite!"
"Nay, nay, friend," quote Jereboam.
"For this is the. Sabbath day!"
"Do unto others. as. ye would they do
unto you!" quoth Willjam. "Verily,- a
good rule, friend!"
"Verily, friend!" quoth Jereboam.
"And being good.it works not upon the
Sabbath!"
1 Now this could William " not gainsay,
for it chanced -that he,-, too, was brought
up in the strictest sect of the Pharisees.
—Detroit Free Press.
HOTEL. DEL CORQNAryQ, choicest Wlntej
Hesort In the world/offers best living, climate,
boating, bathing, l.flsUtns . ana . most . ahius»
ments. E. S. Babcock, manager, Coronado, Cal.
ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
OPERA SEASON— Subscriber, City.
The latest Grau opera season in Chicago
lasted two weeks. The opera season is
longest in San Francisco, then Boston,
then New York.
MODOC COUNTY LANDS— F. B., Wil
liams, Cal. For such information as you
desire about lands being open to settle
ment in Modoc County write to the
United States Land Office at Susanville,
Cal.
! TO WHITEN COMPLEXION— K. and
R., City. There are certain solutions of
arsenic which some women use for the
purpose of giving them a deathlike pal
lor, but the constant use of such is in
jurious to the system.
CRISIS OF 1893— R. W. C, City. There
was no monetary panic in 1833, but for
three months preceding June 30 there was
an unusual stringency in credits, a de
pression in prices and a remarkable series
of business failures. This was caused by
uncertainty on the tariff question and the
uncertainty of the .monetary policy of
the Cleveland administration.
SAN JACINTO RESERVE— S. H. R.;
Santa Rosa, Cal. When the United
States Government opens public lands for
settlement it does not "do so on the lot
tery plan." For such information as you
desire about the San Jacinto reservation
you should address a letter of inquiry to
the General Land Ofiice at Washington
D. C.
HAY MEASURE— F., City. About 500
cubic feet of well settled hay or about
700 cubic feet of new mown hay will
make a ton. To estimate the amount of
hay in a mow, ten cubic yards of meadow
hay make a ton weight. When the hay is
taken out of old stacks eight or nine
cubic yards will make a ton. Eight to
twelve cubic yards of dry clover will
weigh a ton.
COUNT IN CASINO— C, Vinton, Cal.
Unless there is an agreement that points
shall be counted as made in the game of
casino the count on the last deal is In
the following order: Cards, spades, big
casino, little casino, aces ana* sweeps. If
A and B are flaying and on the last deal
A has three to go and B one to go and A
makes cards and B makes little casino,
A wins hecause having cards he has the
first right to count.
THE STAR ALGOL— L. P. C, Aukum,
El Dorado County, Cal. Director W. W\
Campbell of the Mount Hamilton Ob
servatory has kindly furnished this
department the following dates and
time of the minimum brightness of
the variable star Algol (Beta Perse 1 .),
reckoned on Pacific standard time:
1901— December 5th, 2 h. 31 m. p. m.;
8th, 11 h. 20 m. a. m.; 11th, 8 h. 9 m. a. m.'
14th, 4 h. 58 m. a. m.; 17th, 1 h. 47 m, a. m.;
19th, 10 h. 36 m. p. m.; 22d, 7 h. 25 m. p. m!'
25th, 4 h. 13 m. p. m.; -28th, 1 h. 2 m. p. m.'
31st, 9h. 51 m. a. m.
THANKSGIVING DAY-P. S., City.
President Lincoln during tlie Civil War
issued proclamations recommending spe
cial thanksgiving for victory to the
Union forces in 18G2 and 1883, and a na
tional proclamation of the annual
Thanksgiving day in 1863 arid in 1864. The
President has since then annually issued
such a proclamation, and similar proc
lamations are issued by Governors of
States and Mayors of cities. Custom has
fixed, the last Thursday in November as
the day. Thanksgiving on the American
continent Is traced back to 1621, when the
first harvest was gathered at Plymouth
LAUNCH-A. F., Oakland, Cal. As you
do not describe the launeh you propose
to change from gasoline to steam, it" Is
Impossible to answer your question.' Sug
gest that you communicate with the Su
pervWing Inspector of Steam Vessels Ap
prajfer's building, San Francisco There
is a/sectlon of the United States law
which -says that "any person may be" li
censed as engineer on vessels propelled
by. gas, fluid, naphtha or electric motors
of fifteen cross tons or over, engaged 'n
commerce, if in the judgment of the in
spectors, after due examination, in writ
irg. he be found duly qualified to take
charge -of the machinery of vessels so
propelled. A person owning a pleasure
yacht of fifteen-tons and under, navigated
for pleasure only, holding a master or
pilot license, 4 is fully -authorized to navi
gate his own Pleasure yacht in the inland
waters of the United States without bo
ing required . to report to the various
beards of Inspectors whose district he
may be passing through.'.' •
FIGHTING VALUE
OF THE WORLD'S
BATTLESHIPS
THE relative fighting " value of
the world's battleships is a sub
ject which naval experts find
very puzzling:, as there can be
no fixed rules to determine the
same. Various methods have been sug
gested, some very ingenious but lack
ing In simplicity. A very interesting table
of comparisons is made by the London
Engineer, which, as it places United
States battleships ahead of all others,
will commend itself to American read
ers. The gun units collectively are taken
of forty battleships in seven navies,
with the following results: United
States— New Jersey Class. 116; British-
King: Edward, 104; Italy— Beneditto Prin,
104; France— Republlque, 94; Germany—
Wittelsbach. 88; Russia— Knarz Potem
sky Tavrtsetscky, 93; Japan— Shlkishima,
82. Singularly enough, the Japanese bat
tleships Asahi, Hatsuse and ftllkasa are
not Included in the list, although they
are actually afloat and ready for service,
while many of the others exist only on
paper.
■'•";>; ,>V-
The Japanese battleship Mlkasa, built
at Vlcker*s yard, Barrow, is ready for
departure. The keel was laid January 15,
1899, and the launch came off November
8, 1900. She is practically a sister ship to
the Asahi and Hatsuse, also built In
England in 1899, and iS|400 feet on the
water line, 432 feet over all, 7t> feet beam
and displaces 15,362 tons on a draught of
27 feet 2 Inches. The water-line protec
tion extends all around the vessel, dif
fering in this particular from the other
two ships, in which 80 feet from, the
stern is left unprotected. The main belt
is 9 inches thick for a distance of 15S
feet, tapering to S 1^ and to 5% inches and
4 inches at bow and stern. Above t5e
main belt and extending through the en
tire citadel of 156 feet the armor Is 6
Inches up to .the upper deck, and the
guns on the upper deck are in 6-inch
casements. The barbettes are 14 inches
to 10 inches In thickness, and the heavy
guns are protected by heavy shields. The
conning tower is 14 Inches thick; the ob-
Borvation tower, aft. is 3 inches. All the
armor la of Krupp nickel steel. The
armament consists of four 12-inch, ten
6-inch on the main deck, four 6-inch on
the upper deck, twenty 12-pounders,
eight 3-pounders and four 2%-pounders.
The total weight of metal discharged by
this armament In one minute Is 11%
tons, and the weight of one broadside
discharge in onto minute ia 7% tons. The
speed is calculated at 18 knots with 15,000
horsepower. The weight of the machin
ery 13 1356 tons. She has 25 Belleville
boilers, and the coal capacity is 1400
tons. The coat of this unrivaled vessel
is reported as being 9,843,466 yen for hull,
machinery and outfit and • 4,414,663 yen
for armament, making a total of 14,260,
134 yen, or narly 57,130,000. The most ex
pensive ships in the United States navy
are the Oregon and Massachusetts, of
10,288 tons, reported to have cost $6,573,
032 76 and $6,047,117 95, respectively, with
the Wisconsin, of 11,523 tons, a close
third, estimated at $6,040,726 68. The six
battleships of the ,AVbemarle type, 14.000
tons and 19 knots speed, building for the
British navy, are estimated to cost
$5,400,000 each, and the two battleships
proposed for the United States navy of
16,000 tons and 13 knots will exceed
?7,0CO,00O.
• • •
The triple-screw cruiser Columbia, the
former commerce destroyer, which has
taken the place of the old Vermont as a
receiving ship at the Brooklyn . .navy
yard, is apparently not a happy : ' ship.
At one time last month no less than flf
ty-six men were under confinement on
the cob deck, some cells containing?
three or four. An incipient riot finally
broke out over the rough treatment or.
a prisoner, and in some unknown way
they secured some of the silver service
from the Columbia, which they broke
up and stuffed into the keyholes of their
cell3. Then with some bars, likewise
mysteriously obtained, they tried to
break out through the barred windows,
but none of them escaped. Considerable
damage was done while the riot lasted,
and court-martials with severe punish
ment are likely to follow.
* * •
Experiments with an invisibly steered
torpedo took place recently at Hughen
den, England, in the presence of naval
attaches of Germany, Austria and the
United States. It is called the
"actinauts," and is the invention of Or
iing Armstrong, a Swede. The torpedo
was manipulated at a distance of 1200
yards, and without wire3 the ruUder
moved to port or starboard, according to
the operator's will. The experiment was
entirely successful. "Actinauts" have al
ready run with success at Stockholm and
Portsmouth. An electric lamp enables
the operator to guide the torpedo at
night, while in the daytime a jet of wa
ter expelled by the "actlnaut" locates
its position.
♦ ♦ •
Dock3 Nbs. 12 and 13 at the Portsmouth
dockyard are to be lengthened to ac
commodate ships of the Drake class,
which are over 500 feet in length. The
docks are 455 feet at present.
• • •
Lieutenant Hepworth S. Alton, com
manding officer of the British destroyer
Thorn, has been court-martialed, severe
ly reprimanded and dismissed from his
ship as a result of his vessel running
down a boat and drowning three men.
A curious circumstance connected with
the trial was the fact that the Admiralty
direc^d that the accused be allowed to
give evidence on oath. It is a privilege
conceded to soldiers on trial, but hith
erto denied to sailors.
The recent failure of the steam trlal3
of the Jeanne d'Arc and Chateaurenault,
owing to defective • boilers, has brought
out the fact that the French Ministry of
Marine has committed a stupendous blun
der. The ships referred to were fitted
with Guyot-Dutemple water-tube boilers,
a type which had been tried with indif
ferent success in some torpedo-boats, but
have since been discarded. Without as
certaining with some degree of certainty
that these boilers would answer as well
when 23,000 horsepower was developed as
when only about 4000 horsepower was re
quired, the naval authorities contracted
for 160,000 horsepower of the Guyot
putemple boilers, to be installed in seven
ships. The total failure of these boilers
in the Jeanne d'Arc and Chateaurenault
makes it necessary to lay the ships up
for repairs and reboilering, which will
take more than one year and add great
ly to the cost of these already very ex
pensive ships. The boilers ordered for
the other five ships will be a total loss
to the Government.
Walnut and Pecan Panoche. Townsend. *
Choice candies. Townsend's. Palace Hotel 4
"We generally get what we want when
we no longer want it.
CaL Glaee Fruit 50o per lb at Townaend's. 1
The world is given to measuring love
with the same .instruments and by tho
same standard as gold.
Best eyeglasses, specs, 10c, 40c. Look out
for 81 4th St., front barber and grocery. •
A man never objects to having his hair
cut at cut rates, but he draws the line at
a eut-rate shave.
Special Information supplied daily to
business bouses and public men by the
Press Clippies Bureau (AUen # s). 510 Mom-,
somery street. Telephone' Main 1043 •VV^ AMUSEMENTS.
TO-NIGHT!
America's Foremost Comic Opera Comedian,
JEFFERSON
DeANGELIS,
In the EnormousJy Successful Operatic Novelty,
A Royal Rogue.
"Written by Chas. KMn— Music by-Wm. T.
Francis.
Presented by a SUPERB COMPANY.
A BILL THATJS A HUMMER!
S^errie Mathews, Norma "TOTialley,
r Sam Marion and "William McCait,
Flo Irwin and Walter Hawley,
Pred Niblo, Fraser Troupe, Du-
mond's Parisian Minstrels, Wer-
den and Shepherd, Ha Tortajada,
and the Bio graph.
Reserved Seats, 2Dc: Balcony, 10c; Opera
Chairs and Uox Seats. 50c.
KVKRY EVENIJCG AT 8 SHARP.
MATIXEE SATURDAY AT 2 SHARP!
This Last of the Famous
POLLARD AUSTRALIAN
JUVENILE OPERA CO.
First Production in This City.
"IN TOWN."
MONDAY, Dec. 16. The Favorite
TIVOLI COMIC OPZRA COMPANY.
POPULAR PRICES? 25c, 50c and 75c
Telephone Bush 9.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
To-night and Every Evening This Week.
MINNIE SELIGMAN
America's Greatest Emotional Actress,
In Sardou'g Great Play.
A Wife's Peril.
Made Famous by Lily Langtry.
POPULAR PRICES— 10c, 15c. 25c, 50c, 75c.
Good Orchestra Seat All Matinees, 25c.
Next Week— MINNIE EELIGMAN in "DI-
PLOMACY."
"STAMPED WITH THE SEAL OF SUCCESS"
EVERY EVENING THIS WEEK.
The Young Romantic Actor
S. MILLER KENT,
PRESENTING——
NAT GOODWIN'S GREAT SUCCESS
COWBOY AND THE LADY.
J By CLYDE FITCH. Author of "Barbara
Frietchie," etc.. etc.
Complete N. Y. Knickerbocker Theater Pro-
duction—Seats Now Selling.
NEXT— SUNDAY, DEC. 15. THOMAS JEF-
FERSON, Presenting: on a Magnificent Scale
RIP » A_^ W I_v __!___.**
SEATS SALE THURSDAY.
BE&ASGQ *»° T **A££&si P jrfM£
— _ n_7 enr tutu
TO-NIGHT— ALL THIS WEEK.
JffATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
First Time in San Francisco.
Charles E. Blaney's Successful Melodrama,'
THE •*
ELECTRICIAN
An Electric Power-house in Full Operation.
PPffpC Evenings 10c to 50c
I_lVw Matinees 10c, 15e, 25c
Next "Week— "MULDOON'S PICNIC."
I^BELAECO & THALL... Manager*
TO-NIGHT and AH Week.
The Successful Comedy,
"CHRISTOPHER JR,"
Presented by the
EXCELLING ALCAZAR STOCK CO.
ReffttUr Matinees Saturday and Sunday.
Seats on sale six days in advance.
PRICES— 15c, 25c, 35c, EOc and 75c
NEXT— "THE GAY MR. LIGHTFOOT."
CHUTES and ZOO
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
, RAWSON'S ANIMAL ACTORS.
EBADY AND HAMIXTON, ELLIS
AND BOWMAN, LEANDO BEOS.,
THE LOCKOS.
NEW MOVING, PICTURES.
THURSDAY NIGHT
THE AMATEURS
IN A NEW NOV_LTY.
Telephone for Seats— Park 23.
MAPLE ROOTV. PALACE HOTEL.
SECOND PASMORE CONCERT."
TUESDAY, December 30. Ifctl, at 8:15 p. m.
Soloists — MISS ADELAIDE BIRCHLEB.
Contralto; . DOROTHY PASMORE. 'Coilo;
WAilY PAEMORK. Violin.
"IN A PERSIAN GARDEN."
Liza Lrhmann'B setting of words from the
"Rubaiyat" of Omar Khayyam.
Mr?. Florence 'Wyman Gardner, Mrs. Edith
Bcott IJasford. Mr. A. E. Nowlan, Mr. H. B.
Pasmore. Mr. Fred Maurer Jr. accompanist.
Trios by Mary, Susan and Dorotiy Pasmore. ;
ADMISSION, 50 CENTS?.
FISCHER'S col i?ZgL»?£ 3 *-
MMK. CHARITY MARTIN; John Desmond;
Mullaly Sisters; Chas. IJarrl'.gton;. Satnella;
i;i3r.rhe Reynolds; Kalacratu*-. and Hinrichs'
Orchestra. Reserved sea's 25c. Matinee Sunday.
PALACE and
| GRAND HOTELS. -■
| On one elde of these magnificent
betels is the wholesale find manu-
iacturers' district— on the other re-
tail stores, clubs, railroad and
newspaper offices, banks and the-
aters. Street cars to all parts ot
the city—depots, ferries and parkf—
Vans the entrance.
American and European clans.
FALLS INTO WELL
AND IS DROWNED
Five-Year-Old Boy Meets
With a Fatal Ac
cident.
Loses His Life in the Pres
ence of Two of His
Brothera
While playing with several companions
In a. vegretable garden at- Sunnyside yes
terday afternoon Frank Deleantoni, aged
five years, who lived at Miguel and Joost
avenues, fell down a well and was
drowned. The unfortunate boy and his
two brothers left their home to visit the
sons of Antone Canapa, a vegetable gar
dener, at 247 liraugton avenue.
While playing in a field In the rear of
the house Frank fell in the well, which is
about thirty feet deep. The screams of
his companions attracted the attention of
Canapa and on hearing that the boy had
fallen Into the well he procured. a rope
and vainly endeavored to rescue him.
Failing to induce the child to catch hold
of the rope, Canapa lowered himself Into
the well, but too late to save the boy's
life.
When his lifeless body was brought to
the surface his mother seized it and re
fused to allow It to be taken from her.
"You can't take him from me," she
cried as she showered kisses on the cold,
damp face of her favorite offspring. "I
dare anybody to separate us."
After considerable parleying the grief
stricken parent was linally persuaded to
turn the body over to Canapa. Word was
at once sent to, the Coroner, and Deputy
Meehan was dispatched to take possession
of the body. When he reached the scene
he was firmly . told by the sorrowing
mother that under no circumstances
would she allow the remains of her child
to be taken to the _tor_ue.
"Touch it at your peril," tearfully ex
claimed the heart-broken woman, point-
Ing to the body of her child. "You will
have to. kill me before you can take my
darling from me."
Rather than add to her grief. Meehan
consented to allow the body to remain at
the house. An inquest will be held to-day.
$ABBI MYEBS CONDUCTS
SERVICES FOR CHILDREN
Children's services In observance of
Chanukah were fittingly observed yester
day afternoon at the Bush-street syna
gogue. Kabbi Myers officiating. The pro
gramme was a long one but did not lag in
interest. Kabbi Idyers' address was on
"Kindling the Lights."
Prizes were presented to the following
named:
Ira SchlesBinger. Adele Block. Irma Modell,
Ella Katka!, Abe Rosenberg. Sophie Neuman,
Florine Block, Lester Stern, Melville Solomon,
Tessie Netter, Uertrude Roeenthal, Roy Cohn,
Arnold Salomon, Rosalie Schwartz, Jeanne
Block, Irvine Stern.
The programme follows:
Organ Processor F. Dellepiane
Hymn. "Almighty King" School
"Mah Tovu"
Hebrew Marhta Modell; English. Hilda
Debow.
Psalm 121 :
Hebrew, Albert Groeschel; English, Ma
bel Rothenberg, Ethel Korn, Sophie
Newman, Harry Weiss. .
"Al Hannissim"
Hebrew, Irma Modell; English, Hazel
Packsher.
"Hallel" Henry Rudee, Walter Stern
Hymn, "Ane Kalohayno" School
"Israel's Banner" Meyerhart
Cora Korn Selma Nicies, Malvin Sichel,
Adele Coblentz, Arnold Solomon, Sam
uel Lichtenstein, Blanche Levy Mau
' rice Berger, Lloyd Sichel, Sam Micheals,
Miriam Cohn, Jeanne Block, George
Schneider, Manuel Becker, David Gold
schmidt.
Psalm 23
Hebrew, Lillie Modell; English, Phyl
lis Scharff.
Anthem, "The Lord Is My Shepherd" Choir
••Blessing Over the Lights"
Hebrew, Roy Cohn. Alfred Siegler, Jo
seph Ochs; English, Ollie Meyer. Nettle
Becker, Gussie Isaac.
"Kindling the Lights"
(a) Milton Hellfron, Ray Jacobs, Leslie
Lichtenstein. Stella Levey, Alma Meyer,
Sig Newman, Milton Rosenberg, Em.
Rosenthal, (b) Helen Bloch, Jerome I
Bayer, Stanly Jaeobl, Edward Jacobson,
Madeline Kahn, Gerald Lazar, Erny
Lyons, Stuart Manson, Aimee Summer
field.
"Hannaros"
Hebrew. Z!on Myers; English, Rosalind
Schwartz.
"Chanuka Anthem" Choir
"The Eight Chanuka Lights" Rabbi Myers
Abe Meyer, Annie Levine. Ira Schlesin
ger. Helen Lipman, Melvill Levy, Es
telle Elkan, Henry Levy, Gertrude Ro
senthal, R. Popper.
Pealm SO ..Ella Kaskel; English, Louise Levine
"Mo-oze"
Hebrew. Lester Stern, Sidney Wolfe,
Louis Loeb, Joseph Levy. Mel. Solomon;
English, Bella DeCoeta. Tessie Lclpsic.
Celia DeCosta, Fleurette Levy, Hazel
Chalfen.
"Chanuka" Rev. L. Stern
Alphonse Levy, Myrtle Lelpsic, Lester
Jacobs, Irma Lazar, Irvin Stern, Ruth
Chalfen, Lazard Levy.
Prayer Adele Block
"Chanuka Hymn" School
"Hannah and Her Sons'.' Mrs. Lewis
Tessie Netter, Ruth Jacobs, Essie Fross,
Sidney Rudee, Abe Glass, Claudia
Scharff, Lena Bloom. Arthur Bernstein,
Gertrude Brown, Marcus Frederick,
Oscar Adler, Bertha Fross, Jerome
Marx, Lucille Lipman, Hilda Brown.
"One by One" (Miss Proctor) and "Cheer Up"
Jake Newman, Fabian Brown, Phil
Wachsman. Samuel Brown, Ruth Heil
fron, Louis Goldstein, Mervyn Cohn,
Abe Cubey. Lawrence Isaacs, Mervyn
Rudee, Lucille Block.
ITEW ADVEETISEHENTS.
SOFT, GLOSSY HAIB.
It Can Only Be Had Where There Is
No Dandruff.
Any man or woman who wants soft,
glossy hair must be. free of dandruff,
which causes falling hair. Since It has
become known that dandruff Is a germ
disease, the old hair preparations that
were mostly scalp irritants, have been
abandoned, and the public, barbers and
doctors included, have taken to using
Newbro's Herpicide, the only hair pre-
paration that kills the dandruff germ.
E. Dodd, Dickinson, N. D., says: "Herr
plclde not only cleanses the scalp from
dandruff and prevents the hair's falling
out, but promotes a new growth. Herpi-
cide keeps my hair very glossy."
AMUSEMENTS. - ~~
/ ■
THE GREATEST AND MOST EXCITING
SPORT EVER WITNESSED IN SAN
FRANCISCO.
CENTRAL PARK,
Market St., near Eighth,
TO-MORROW, Tuesday, at 2 P. M,
EXCELS FOOTBALL.
SUPERIOR TO BASEBALL.
EQUALS BULL-FIGHTING.
A SPORT THAT AUOUSES THE WILDEST
OF ENTHUSIASM.
PLAYED BY CHAMPIONS DIRECT FROM
MADRID.
THE TALK OF THE CITY.
gg|i|^ RACING
B™^,___=r5_^S» Cvery Week Day—
_r . Rain op Shine.
*\EW CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB
OAKLAND 'RACETRACK, t^i
lt&ces Etart at 2:15 p. in. sharp.
Kerry-boats leave San Francisco at 12 tti. and
12:30, i, 1:10, 2, 2:20 and 2 p. m., connecting
with trains stepping ct the entrance to the
track. Last two cars en train reserved tor
ladies and their escorts; no smoking. Buy your
ferry tickets to Shell Mound. All trains via
Oakland mole connect with San Pablo avenue
electric cars at Seventh and Broadway, Oak-
land. Alto alt trains via Alameda mole con-
nect with San Pablo avenue cars at Four-
teenth and Broadway, Oakland. These electrio
cars go direct to the track in fifteen minutes.
Returning— Trains leave the track at 4:15 and
<:_ p. m. and Immediately after the last race.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR.. President.
CU AS. K. PRICE. Secy. and. Msr.
THE-'. SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, DECEMBER 9, 1901.
LOCAL SOCI ETY BELLE
WILL WED AT HOUSTON
Miss Viva Addison Baldwin, Well Known in Exclusive Cir :
cles of San Francisco, Will. Become the Bride of L. J.
■ Stubenrauch, a Texas Gentleman, Within Two, Weeks
LORENZ J. STUBENRAUCH. a
popular official of the Southern
Pacific Company at Houston, Tex.,
will be married on the 19th inst.
to Miss Viva Addison Baldwin,
daughter of Mr. and Mrs. A; H. Bald
win of 975 Golden Gate avenue.
The groom-to-be Is a young man of
sterling qualities and a favorite among
his associates. His family is wealthy,
and his connections are excellent. The
marriage will be solemnized at s Houston,
it being impossible for the groom-elect
to leave his post even for so momentous
an occasion In his career.
Miss Baldwin is a young woman of
many accomplishments, and is a belle
in her set. She is a niece of O. D. Bald
win. Miss Baldwin will leave with mem
bers of her family and friends for Hous
ton on the Sunset Limited on the 16th
inst. A farewell reception to her friends
will be held at the Baldwin residence on
Golden Gate avenue next Sunday after
noon. The expectant bride will make
her home in Houston after she becomes
Mrs. Stubenrauch.
FORECAST WORK
BENEFITS MANY
Weather Bureau Service
Making Substantial
Improvements.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 8.— The annual re
port of Professor Willis L. Moore, chief
of the United States Weather Bureau,
says that substantial improvements have
been made during the past year in the
weather bureau system of wireless'teleg
raphy. Such progress has been made by
the Government experimenters that, with
no interference by private systems, sta
tions can be successfully operated over at
least 150 miles of coast line, and are now
in operation along the Virginia and North
Carolina coasts,'- and aoon will be insti
tuted between the Farallon Islands and
the mainland and Tatoosh Island and the
mainland of the Pacific Coast.
The system of selective telegraphy he
regards as well demonstrated theoretical
ly, but had not been fully tested in prac
tice.
The report further says:
A eyEtem of merit and discipline has been
gradually developed ip the Weather Bureau,
which not only conforms to the letter of the
civil service law, but carries its spirit to a
logical conclusion. The system compels each
employe or official to work out his own official
salvation. It Is fair to all; it enables honest
and efficient persons to work themselves up
ward; It contributes to a high standard of
manly character and to efficiency In public
office, and it l»lds back those of mediocre ati
tainments or of slothful habits.
An important extension of the forecast
work of the bureau was made during the
year, whereby meteorological reports
from certain- points in the British Isles,
the continent of Europe and from the
Azores are transmitted to Washington,
and, with observations from Nassau, Ber
muda and Turks Island, are regularly
published on the weather maps, together
with forecasts of the wind and the state
of the weather for the first three days
out of steamera bound eastward.
In a number of instances when storms
of marked strength were passing east
ward off the American coast forecasts of
the weather which probably would be ex
perienced by steamers leaving European
ports westward bound were cabled to
England. Fog predictions are also issued.
Reports from steamers show that these
forecasts and other special warnings have
been verified.
The climate . and crop service of tho
Weather Bureau has been improved. Tho
cotton region service has been extended
into Oklahoma and the Indian Territory,
and arrangements have been made for be
ginning a similar work in California, to
be known as the fruit and wheat service.
NAVAL MILITIAMEN
PISCUSS FOSS BILL
Decide to Indorse the Measure, After
Suggesting Several Modi
fications.
NEW YORK, Dec. 8.— The Association
of Naval Militias throughout the United
States has just concluded here a series
of meetings at which discussions wefo
held on the bill introduced in Congress
by Congressman Foss of Illinois, which,
provides for the organization of a na
tional naval reserve. Connecticut, Mary
land, Massachusetts, Michigan, New Jer
sey, New York, Ohio, Pennsylvania and
California were represented, California
by Lieutenant Commander White. The
meetings were presided over by Captain
Miller of New York.
Lieutenant Commander Southerland
presented the views of the Navy Depart
ment with regard to the question, and
after some discussion the Foss bill wap
indorsed, with several modifications.
These modifications are on lines suggested
by President Roosevelt in his message.
Another subject considered was the
question of taking steps toward obtain
ing the abolishment of .tho rank of "navnl
cadet" in the navy and the substitution
in its place of the rank of mldshlpmani
but nothing definite was decided upon. ■
POPULAR BELLE AND RAIL
ROAD MAN WHOM SHE WILL
MARRY.
LABOR LEADERS
IN CONFERENCE
Federation Representa
tives Meet in Execu
tive Session.
SCRANTON, Pa., Dec. 8.— Many dele
gates to the convention of the American
Federation of Labor, now in session in
this city, did not cease their activity de
spite the fact that this was Sunday. The
executive, council was in secret session
for several hours, but nothing was given
out for publication. , \
W. D. Mahon of Detroit, president of
the Amalgamated Association of Street
Railway Employes, waB in frequent con
ference with local labor leaders who are
directing the streetcar strike in this city.'
It is probable that Mahon and President
Mitchell of the mine workers will take
charge of the strike.
A delegation from the Allied Building
Trades of Philadelphia arrived here
during the day and held an interview
with Mahon on the street railway situa
tion in that city, where a strike is said to
be among the probabilities of the near fu
ture. The conferees desired a plan of con
ciliation by which nn attempt will be
made to bring together the Amalgamated
Association and the rival organization,
known as the Philadelphia Street Railway
Association.
The Metal Trades Federation held an
other meeting and discussed plans for
perfecting the organization. Nine of the
fifteen eligible metal trades unions in the
United States were represented.
. The American Federation of Labor con
vention will remain in session for th<j
next six days. Probably the most vital
question that will come before the con
vention is that of trade autonomy. The
brewery workmen and the mine workers*'
delegates probably will be the storm cen
ter on this question. Both of these trade
unions want Industrial autonomy, that is,
they advocate that all trades in one in
dustrial establishment should form one
organization for the better advancement
of the condition of all. They also, an
nounce that they will oppose trade auton
omy to the bitter end.
Nearly a dozen resolutions on the mat
ter of the exclusion of Chinese from tho
United States and island possessions are
In the hands of a special Committee. This
committee probably will report one reso
lution embodying all the- good points in
them. It will be also presented along with
one commending President Roosevelt for
advocating in his annual message the
continued exclusion of Chinese.
There has been no development in the
Gompers-Mitcbell Shaffer controversy,
which grew out of the strike. Diligent in
quiry failed to confirm the rumor that the
matter will be threshed out on the floor
of the convention. The principals of the
affair maintain an absolute silence.
At this time it seems reasonably certain
that all the present officers of the federa
tion will be re-elected.
Among the cities that have entered the
campaign for the next place of meeting
are Los Angeles and San Francisco. Port
land, Or., wants . the convention in 1905,
the year of its exposition. . ,•
Start McKinley Memorial Fund.
CHICAGO, Dec. 8.— A national trades
union movement for a McKinley memorial
fund was etarted here to-night when a
number of men prominent in labor circles
formed the President McKinley Trades
Union Memorial Association of Illinois.
The movement will be started with a, fund
of $300, which the letter-carriers of Chi
cago had secured toward the building of
a monument, and which they will give to
the committee appointed to attend *- the
collection of funds. J
Coin for Bowling Experts.
BUFFALO, Pec. 8,— John G. Floss, pres
ident and general manager of the national
bowling tournament, which will take place
in this city next mon.th, will to-morrow
place in the hands of the First National
Bank $2000 to be turned over to the prize
committee of the tournament, Two en
tries from San Francisco were received
to-day. .
SAYS MESSAGE
IS GREAT ONE
President Roosevelt's Ut
terances Are Highly
Commended.
Strong Sermon on Subject of
State Paper by Rev.
Dr. Coombe.
Patriotic services were held in the Rich
mond Congregational Church yesterday
morning. Rev. Philip Coombe, the pastor,
delivered a strong sermon on the subject,
"President Roosevelt's Message." After
referring to the significance of the con
vening of Congress, the pastor said:
I make no apology for taking this as a theme
for this morning's service, for this message
reads like a declaration of a Hebrew prophet
and lawyer and as if it were truly inspired.
The statement as to what should be done with
all known anarchists is like an expression of
divine law from Mount Sinai, spoken in the
name of Jehovah, and with the voice of God.
Elsewhere it ha3 the spirit of Moses and the
prophets or is like the sermon on the Mount.
It comes with authority divine and human and
With the authority vested in the author's own
excellence as a man, a leader, a Christian — as
one whose mind is in communion with the di
vine mind, who is spiritually instructed In the
deep things of God which have to do with this
nation's welfare. ,'
President Roosevelt has the right to tell us
about the things which ought to be done and
to eay they must be done. When he expresses
the demand for the development of high moral
character in private citizens and governmental
officials, in employers and employes he simply
points us in the direction in which, in his own
Strenuous life, he has led the way. In his ex
pression of the demand for the recognition of
moral excellence he only states what he himself
has always shown his readiness to honor.
In his demand for justice, justice toward the
enemies of government, and justice in the ad
ministration of the affairs of this nation, and
justice toward other nations and nationalities,
we would do well 'as a people to follow his
lead.
This nation Is not just toward other nations
when It relieves them of the proper duties
•which they owe to their own citizens. It is
binding -upon every nation, as It Is binding
upon every individual, to work put Its own
salvation with fear and trembling, God work
ing on that nation to will and to do his own
pleasure. Every nation, is under obligation to
give to its own children, to all who are born
under its flag, the blessings of life that we
enjoy. It is better for every nation to do this
than to thrust its burdens on other nations.
This nation will the better perform its own
duty to other nations as it maintains its own
national character and inspires other nations
to imitate its example. The Old Testament lifts
up its voice against the intermingling of pa
gans with a god-fearing people, and the New
Testament is equally explicit on the same ques
tion. The apostle to the pagans who was will
ing to go anywhere to uplift humanity de
clared on Mare Hill that God had "made of one
blood all nations of men to dwell on all the
face of the earth and hath determined the times
before appointed and the bounds of their hab
itation."
Let me ask you to read President Roosevelt's
message carefully, to pray for its originator and
to support him in hla position in every way
that you can as citizens of this great republic.
POLICEMAN REFUSES
TO MAKE AN ARREST
Timothy Muldowney Assaulted by a
Man in Saloon on Howard
Street.
Timothy Muldowney, 84 South Park, re
ported to the police yesterday that he had
been assaulted by a man in the Examiner
saloon, on Howard street, between Third
and Fourth streets, and that the man
later had threatened In the presence of a
policeman to shoot him. The policeman
refused to arrest Muldowney's assailant,
so Muldowney claimed. '
Muldowney's statement was that he
was in the saloon shortly after midnight
with a friend, and while having a drink
a woman came up to him and asked him
to "treat" her. He placed 10 cents on the
bar and jokingly remarked to the wom
an: "Why don't you wear a coat that nt3
you?" Just then a man stepped up to him
and struck him several times on the face
and head with his flsts. The barkeeper
interfered and the man attempted to
strike Muldowney's friend.
The man went- across the street to
Schmidt's saloon and Muldowney followed
him. The man put his hand in his hip
pocket and said: "If you move a step
farther I will kill you." There was an of
ficer present, but he refused to arrest the
man. Later Muldowney met Policeman
Mitchell and they searched different sa
loons for Muldowney's assailant but could
not find him. Mitchell ascertained, how
ever, that the man's name is Jack Gilles
ple.
Sergeant Mahoney was asked to make
an investigation as to the conduct of the
officer who refused to make the arrest,
and reported that no one attempted to
draw a revolver and that Muldowney was
looking for trouble and got it. The mat
ter will be further, investigated.
Two Lives Lost in Hotel Fire.
LONDON, Dec. 8.— The Queen's Hotel,
at South Sea, was burned down this morn
ing. Forty of the guests escaped from the
building in their night clothes. Two cham
bermaids were suffocated and several
were injured.
May Be One of Kidnapers.
VIENNA, Dec. 8.— It is said here that
the man named Halju, who was arrested
at Sofia December 7 and allege* to be the
assassin of ex-Premier Stambuloff, had
a hand in the kidnaping of Miss Ellen M,
Stone.
Kohler & Chase, Established 1850,
_r^_i * _i _r"^ * _r_i
Christinas Gifts.
Some suggestions from the stock of
KOHLER & CHASE,
where retail buyers have their choice from our wholesale stock.
Pianos 5 -
Largest stock in the West— from the peerless KNABE to the lowest-
' " priced instrument. Kohler & Chase guarantee to give you the best value
for your money. Don't buy until you have seen their stock and the won-
derful bargains they are offering for Chr^i_ i as. New, reliable, guaran-
teed pianos as low as $195.
___olians and Pianolas
Make Ideal Xmas gifts, for all can play them- "With their aid any ona
can render music artistically. Used by Paderewskl, Sousa, Rosenthal and,
in fact, all the great musicians. On exhibition daily at Kohler & Chase's.
Washburn Guitars, Mandolins and Banjos
Are the acknowledged standard of the world. Kohler & Chase are sole
Wholesale distributors for California. "WABHBURNS from H5 up. Kohler
& Chase are also sole, distributors of the celebrated CHASE line. Just think!
A beautiful mandolin you could present anybody for Xmas at the special
Kohler & Chase are the largest wholesalers and retailers of talking ma-
chines on this coast. Their line includes the EDISON PHONOGRAPH
the best machine in the world; the Vitophone, the leading indestructible
flat disk machine, and specially selected records for all talking machines
The Lamson Indestructible Records for the Phonograph. Machines'
$10.00 up..
KNABE AGENTS,
HEADQUARTERS 26"30 OTatreH'St., SAN FRANCISCO
ENGINE CRUSHES
ELECTRIC CAR
Vehicle on the Sutro
Line in Collision
With a Train.
Passengers Are Scared, but
None Injured in the \
Accident
What might have proved a serious col
lision occurred at the corner of California
and Walnut streets at 3:30 o'clock yester
day afternoon. A locomotive attached to
a crowded train bound 'for Golden Gate
Park crashed into the rear end of a Sutro
electric car. and had it not been for the
slow motion of the . locomotive death
would, surely have resulted.
The accident appears to have been due
to the failure of the conductor of the
Sutro electric car to observe the rules re
specting the right of way at the crossing
named. It appears from all accounts that
the right of v/ay belongs to the locomotive
whenever cars of the electric line are ap
proaching the crossing. The locomotive,
in charge of Engineer A. Hawkins, and
the train, in charge of Conductors B. H.
Mason and F. Forner, pulled out of the
station at the regular time and ap
proached California street at a speed of
four mlle3 an hour. About the same time
car No. 29 of the Sutro line approached
from the east and crossed the switch
directly in tront of the oncoming locomo
tive.
Engineer Hawkins reversed his engine
when at a distance of twenty feet trom
the Sutro car, which had unaccountably
come to a stop directly on the crossing.
The collision could not be averted and in
the next instant the locomotive c^asheu
into the rear end of th.e car and smashed
the framework into fragments.
Both train and electric car were crowded
with passengers bound for the park and
Cliff House. The car, which was Injured
in the smashap, contained some fifty pas
sengers. The excitement attending the
collision was intense. Men shouted and
women screamed in terror. The car was
raised several feet from the ground, the
rear end resting upon the cow-catcher of
the locomotive. The -passengers made a
scramble for safety, but before they could
leave the car the locomotive had come to
a stop. The passengers on the train, be
lieving the collision had resulted in loss
of life, poured into the street with a view
to rendering such assistance as might be
required. Fortunately no one was injured.
The only result of the affair was the
frighenlng of all concerned and the in
fliction of some ?50 worth of damage to
the rolling stock of the Sutro Company.
Inquiry among the railway employes
last night developed a tendency to shift
the blame for the affair upon the con
ductor of the Sutro car. It was alleged
that if he had given the right of way to
the locomotive the collision would have
been averted. Even after having taken
the road in advance of the approaching
locomotive, it is claimed, he could have
prevented the wrecking: of his car by pro
ceeding on his way. Instead of doing so
he brought his car to a halt, thus inviting
disaster. The affair is under investiga
tion by the companies interested.
MEXICAN PRESS TAKES
UP PRESIDENT'S MESSAGE
One Newspaper Says It Is Written in
an Arrogant and Vainglorious
Tone.
CITY OP MEXICO, Dec. 8.— La Patrie
(Liberal) warns the Mexicans that they
may not hope to look to Europe for help
against the North American aggression
so much talked of by the Clerical papers,
but adds: "We fear nothing from the
United States. That great republic
plants Itself on the Monroe doctrine and
that of peace in this hemisphere. The
United States offers as a pledge of Its sin
cerity the support they gave Mexico dur
ing her war with Napoleon III.
El Tiempo (Clerical) after waiting sev
eral days emits its opinion on President
Roosevelt's message, which it says is
Characterized by an arrogant and vain
glorious tone. Roosevelt is a politician
given to talk, whereas McKinley worked
more than he talked. McKinley was more
to be feared as a statesman and politician.
El Correo Espanola, an organ of the
resident Spanish colony, praises Roose
velt's message as being well written and
full of altruism and optimism.
SUBSCRIPTIONS TO NEW
LOAN ABE FALLING DUE
PARIS, Dec. 9.— The Journal de Paris
publishes a statement to-day that sub
scriptions to the new loan will be at par
and payment will- be made in four in
stallments between December 21 and May
31.
The new loan is to be in 3 per cent per
petual rentes, reimburse the French
treasury for its outlay as a result bf the
Chinese expedition and to pay indemnity
to sufferers in connection with the ex
pedition. The loan amounts to 265,000,000
francs.
No Trace of Missing Girl.
ELIZABETH CITY, N. C, Dec. 8.— The
opinion' still prevails here that Nellie
Cropsey was either abducted or murdered.
The Pasquotank River was dragged to
day more systematically than ever, but
without securing a trace of the missing
girl. The search will be continued. A
report reached here to-day from Wilming
ton, N. C, that the girl had been located
there, but it is not credited.
A D v'ERTISEMEIy TS. /
TELEPHONE ■ _■*•«_ f3 _f HIS Cl
Gi_v,rr 32.
222-224 SUTTEH ST. : !
COMB EARLY
and Select Yofir
Xmas Tree Ornaments and Bonbons
Very Large Assortment.
SPECIAL rSuCTIONS. .~
MONDAY-TUESDAY-WEDNESDAY.
SOMETHING NEW— A gennins
ROLLER BEARINO
CARPET SWEEPER,
TO MONARCH Re S Special to C?ift
HID iUWIA..aH $3 00 introduce 9**3
Runs like a bicycle and sweeps ■ . -
cleaner than the old style. All colors.
EGGS, finest tab!e, Cu t °^ n - 2<Ioz. 15c
Reg. 43c doz. v 1 doz. RSe
No exclusive C. O. D. orders will be
accepted for ar;y of our "special
sales" of butter and eggs. '
BUTTER, SS^ 1 square 3Sc
2 squares "75c
P.eg. iZc square.
CCCGA, "Sachard" Swiss.
*i-lb }i-lb
Reg 50c— 4Oe 25c— liOc
Highest grade made— freed from
excess of fat.
TEA, 10 different kinds. Ib. 48c
All our high' grade 50c teas.
BUCKWHEAT FLOUR, XI *f£ 6?c
Pennsylvania.
MAPLE SYfiUP, toboggan, *??■ 55c
Reg. /G5c.
PRUNES, "Epinsase," Nb box $1.60
20-30 to lb. Reg. $1.25.
Finest and largest prunes this
State produces.
OLIVE OIL. L. L _ Co.'s bot. 58c
Reg. 5oc.
From Lucca. The pressing ot
the finest olives. . .
VINEGAR, Cider, Reg. 35c gal. 25c
Whits "Wine Reg. 50c sallon HJic
ADAMS SPSINGS MINERAL WATER,
Reg. 12.25 doz qts ....$1.!)^
Reg. $7.73 case of 50 qts ST.— 5
Nothing to equal it for kidney,
liver trouble and constipation.
Allow $1.50 on return of empty
case and bottles.
Adams Spring Salts, New, __ t °tii 25c ;
Obtained from these famous
springs — convenient for travelers
— dissolve in one
glass o? water.
CRANBERRIES, e , 5 C c c £ 2 qts 25c
CALIFORNIA FIGS, 3 lbs 25c
This season's white. Reg. 10c lb.-
HAMAMELIS, Extract of Witch Hazel
Qt...40c Pt...25e VHpt-.-loc
For burns, sealds, bruises, etc.
BEER, "RienzP _° c c i es i e J Doz, $1.75
Braw, Qts.— 6 doz S1O.OO
Reg. $2.35 and $13.00.
Are overstocked on quarts.
\Muenchener Loewenbrau &KindI
just in.
COCOANUT, Schepp's, _=lb pkg I5c
Known to be the best. Reg. 20c.
"SUVIO" GAS HEATER, each 85c
Used in many hospitals. Heats room
in 10 minutes. Fits any burner.
RIESLING ] Old and . Unadulterated
CLARET \ Wines, Reg. -$1.00,
BURGUNDYJ Now 65c gallon.
SCOTCH WHISKEY, g"& bot $L25
• Finest old Glenlivet.
! Slater, Roger & Co.
OLD RAMSEY SCOTCH WHISKY,
Reg. $1.00. Bot. 85c
CIGARS, New Importation,
"La Muriel" — all sizes.
Holiday catalogue ready— free.
O --O
_s___ N ____g^^^^^^__ii__> TaKv •
It is the Best Toilet Soap made. A woaderfa
-tin curative. Best for toe complexion. Bes'
for the bath. Best for the baby. Best fop Uw
hair. Large cakes 13c. Trial size 6c.; all drug-
gists'. Munyoa's Remedies are positive core*
Advice and Guide to Health free by mall.
Munyon, New York and Philadelphia.
HUHIOFB IllHALEB CUBES OATAEmt
|__^ FAVORITE
pSCRIPTION
J_ FOR WEAK WOMEN.
_ ___S_t_!Vft •* B '& w k * noa-P— _noea
_J_S__Piw__fl remedy for Gonorrhou,
i u LL^fflB S^***' Spermatorrhoea*
Jgf&gr tUntS Whitew, nnnatar&l dig*
«wy In IX » «tj_ XM charge*, or any inflarama-
r!_¥ Q_i»nteed to ** tion, irritation or nlcera«
LL_ iFrertnl «oat»jloa. t{?a of mneouB mem-
SSmEvmCHEHtcAtCfc tu^rS''
lgj^OmTW.E|g or , ent _ T plain^J£r.
'qKaBgW c. 3. _, by eipreaa, prepaid, for
■ V^P^a Circular seat oa request.
\A/. X. HESS,
N0TAHY PUBLIC AND ATTOBNEY-AT-LAV.
Tenth Floor, Room 1015, Claua Spreckela Bids*
Telephone Main 9S3.
Residence. 82J California St., below Powell..
■ Residence Telephone James ISO—
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIAKA. BITTERS. THB
Great Mexican Remedy; elves health and
ttrength to sexual organs. Depot. S23 Market.
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES,
Catalogues and Prlee Lists Mallei
on Application.
COAL, COKE ANJ PICJ IRO^
Jr WII CflN * TA l3 ° Battery Street.
• V- irlL.vll _ IV'i Telephone Main 1SS-*.
FRESH AN_ SAI,T MEATS.
I1C CAVCC£ Til Shipping Butchers, 104
JA5« -Ulfcb _ UJ- clay? Tel. Mala 1334.
_ OILS.
LUBRICATTNG OI_S. LEONARD _ ELLIS.
418 Front »t.. S. P. Phono Main 1713.
________ .
fc C HUGHES. 611 Sanaome at. 9. T.
POINTERS. BOOKBINDERS.
THE HJCKS-JtrgD > CO..
23 First street. San Francisco.
56
PITCHER RUBE WADDELL AN ENIGMA TO THE BATSMEN
HARES OUTFOOT
FAST COURSERS
Lively "Jacks" Set Fast
Pace for Dogs at
Union Park.
Oharta Beats Ireland for the
Honors in Special
Stake.
"As good a day's sport as has been seen
on a coursing Held," > was the unanimous
verdict of the crowd of enthusiasts that
filled the stands yesterday at Union
Coursing Park. Leashmen who have
patronized the game season after season
and who are classed as veterans admitted
that the hard-fought and interesting
trials were far and above any they ha a
■witnessed on the local field since the in
auguration of the sport on the coast.
Lively hares were responsible lor the
big scores, and the speediest dogs at the
park were lorced to go tne time limit. In
many instances they were beaten out by
the hares.
fcileety Mist won the open stake by de
fault, Leola, which had workea her way
to the linal, bting withdrawn because of
previous hara running. Sleety, too, had
some severe going, ner bye with May
Hempstead in the semi-tinai reaching tne
limit. * reeze out looked a good chance
for the stake, but in a ciose course in the
sixth round fell a victim to L*ola.'s clev
erness.
Charta won the special stake, beating
Ireland 7 to a in the deciding course. Palo
Alto, the even money stake favorite,
seemed to have a strong cnance for the
final. The champion had the speed, but in
the second round Warsnip, his opponent,
was favored by the nare, and wnen ttiti
course enaed .falo Alto was on the short
end of the score. The defeat of Geary's
courser hurt the feelings ot tfie talent
somewhat, the wise ones having backed
him at 1 to tt.
Silver Cloud and his kennel mate, Hap
hazard, as the •'bye" dog were slipped to
a. demon hare, that took them all over the
tieid and kept them going- the full limit.
Two relief oogs joined in the chase, and
they, too, were given a hard run. 'lhe
hare beat the quartet handily and es
caped.
favorites won as a rule, an even dozen
upsets, averaging at odds of 3 to 5, being
recorded.
Following are the day's results, with
Judge John Grace's official scores:
Open stake second round — A. R. Curtis' Leola
beat E. Parkinson's Ben Kirby, 22-4; T. J.
Cronin's Tralee Boy btat A. K. Curtis' Kibosh.
6-2; f. M. Clarkson's .Prompto beat M. Lawlor's
Glen Coe, S-7; D. G. Frantz's Warco beat \V.
C. de B. Lopez's Courage, 10-7; Sterl &
Knowles' Cold Shivers beat H. Lynch's Merri
mac, 8-5; W. C. de B. Lopez's Jewess beat
H. Lynch'e Black Bart, 10-2; Sterl & Knowles'
Sleety Mist beat W. Calrne'e Imperial, 8-4;
Sterl &, Knowles' Freeze Out beat P. M. Clark
son's Sofala, 11-1; E. Geary's Kuby Sankey beat
Georg-e Sharman's Gold Bug-, 14-4; Pasha Ken
nels' Rural Artist beat Kelley & Hanley's
Lusmag-h Lass. 5-u; E. Geary's Fair Oaks beat
L. F. Bartels' Best Bargain. 5-4; H. Schaffer's
Fair Glen a bye; C. O. Peterson's Haphazard
beat P. M. Clarkson's Golden Garter, 7-5; E.
Geary's Fannie Hughle beat P. M. Clarksan's
Miss Brummel, 13-10; Chiarlnl Bros.' White Hat
beat J. D. Cardinell's Jeslby, 8-1; George Shar
man's Firm Fellow beat W. Calrne's Gold Ore,
23-0; P. Doyle" e Liberator beat Ed Neave's
Wedding Bells. 11-8; Ed Xeave's Castaway beat
H. Lynch's Lilac, 6-5.
Third round— Leola beat Tralee Boy, 5-4;
Prompto beat Warco, 16-7; Cold Shivers beat
Jewess. 10-2; Sleety Mist beat Ruby Sankey,
S-7; Freeze Out beat Rural Artist, 7-5; Fair
Oaks beat Fair Glen, 13-10; Fannie Hughle beat
Haphazard, 6-0; White Hat a bye; Liberator
beat Castaway, 21-6.
Fourth round— Leola a bye; Cold Shivers beat
Fair Oaks, 17-2; Sleety Mist beat Fannie
Kushie. 8-5; Freeze Out beat White Hat. 10-0.
Fifth round— Leola beat Cold Shivers 6-3;
Sleety Mist beat Liberator, 22-0; Freeze Out
a bye.
Sixth round— Leola beat Freeze Out, 18-16;
Sleety Mist a bye.
Deciding course — Sleety Mist won by default,
Leola withdrawn.
Special stake, first round — E. Geary's Ireland
beat Chlarlni Btos.' Dewdrop, 6-1; A. R. Cur
tis' Wapsee boat Pasha Kennels' Roman Ath
lete, 7-3: A. R. Curtis' Vulcan beat Sterl &
Knowles' OUta, 21-12; C. O. Peterson's Silvei
Cloud beat George Sharman's Black Flush. 10-6;
George Sharman's Warship beat George Neth
ercott'e Freda C. 7-6: E. Geary's Palo Alto beat
A. V anderwhlte'e Flora McDonald. 6-2; E.
Geary's Fentl beat Aeneid Kennels' Fine Fire,
1S-3; A. R. Curtis' Charta beat Kelley & Han
ley's Naughty Girl, 15-7.
Second round — Ireland beat Wapsee. 18-12; Sil
ver Cloud a bye; Warship beat Palo Alto, 6-3;
Charta. a bye.
Third round— Ireland beat Silver Cloud 7-2;
Charta beat Warship. 14-10.
Deciding course — Charta beat Ireland, 7-3.
Oakland Entries.
The entries for this afternoon's events
at Oakland racetrack are as follows:
First race— Six furlongs; selling; three-year
olds and upward:
2937 Clarando 112 29« Torsina .107
2537 Native 112 2S« Krldolln 10»
5S20 Vantine 112 2931 St. Anthony.... 107
2S43 Mission 107
Second race— Five furlongs; selling; two
year-olds:
2611 Snowberry 103 Old England 107
2S29 St. Sever 105 Brasgr- 106
Kose of China.. 103 2945 Nonie 103
r*C8 Phil Crimmlns.106 (2926)Evander 107
2MS Dr. Scharff 108 John Peters 106
2261 Legal Maxim.. 103 1
Third race— Mile and a sixteenth; felling;
three-year-olds and upward:
2531 Herculean lllt(2S35)Darlene 96
2S48 Galanthus 102 28S2 Windward 108
2941 Bonnie Lissak.. 96 1
Fourth race— Five and a half furl ones; purse;
three-year-olds and upward:
2*4$ Frank Bell 112 1598 Pompino 107
2S39 Doublet :.112 24S8 Beau Ormonde. 105
2527 Imp. R. Flush.110 May W 107
2S48 Hllee 107 260« Novia 107
2S39 Abba L 102 Captivate 10*
2939 Lou Clleveden..lO7 2896 Sharp Bird 110
Fifth race— One mile: selling; three-year-olds
fetid upward:
2925 Hohenlohe 115 1 2S92 Tony Lepnlna:. 106
2301 Orleatu 103! 2M9 Wyomlnr .. u;
2S98 Bar.gor 115 (2944) Plohn m
Sixth ra.ee — Seven furlongs; Belling;; four
year-olds and upward:
1^1 Malaise 119 2860 Com. Attomey.119
2909 MacFlecknoe ..UP 2944 Sidelong .... 119
28S5 Dlomed 119 2941 Mazo 119
2940 B. F. Maaon...ll9 2921 Whaleback ..*"ll9
»« Romany 119 2561 John "Welch... 119
.... Tom Tinker 119r 2333 Go Out 1*2
2924 Favorlto 119|
Selections for To-Day.
First race— Native. Vantine. Torsina.
Second race— St. Sever, Dr. Scharff, Nonie.
Third race— Galanthus, Herculean, Bonnie
Lissak.
Fourth race— Doublet. Frank fell. May W.
Fifth race— Wyoming;, Bangor, Plohn.
Sixth race— Dlomed. MacFlecknoe, Tom Tln
fcrr.
McGovern and "Corbett" to Meet.
NEW YORK. Dec. 9.-Yleldlng to the
personal request of Terry McGovern,
Young Corbett last night, it is said
agreed to fight Terry next July. It is un
derstood both will post forfeits this
morning.
Bu Pont Powder,
Black Sporting,
Mining and
Smokeless.
Ask your dealer for
Shollo Loaded Du Pont
IlBllo With Smokeless
C.A.HAIGHT,Agent,
226 Market St., S. F.
TENNIS EXPERTS
IN MATCH GAMES
Crowell and Collier Win
the Davis Cups
Again. »
Place Third Victory to Their
Credit for the Tro
phies.
The handicap doubles tournament for
the Davis cups held yesterday on the Cal
ifornia Tennis Club courts was won in a
clever fashion by H. W. Crowell and W.
B. Collier. This is the third time the team
has won a tournament of this kind. By
winning the cups twice more they will
gain permanent possession of them. The
opposing team in the finals was Chet
Smith and James Code, the holders.
Twelve teams contested and in the pre
liminary round four matches were played.
The first was between R. B. Cornell and
R. N. Whitney and the Wood brothers.
The latter received odds of "thirty" and
lost after a close struggle, the score being
5—7, 7—5, &— 1.
Frank Stringham and Will Allen al
lowed John Gibson and Herbert Schmidt
odds of "fifteen" and won in straight sets,
6—1, 6—4. C. Smith and Code received odds
of "fifteen" from Merle Johnson and Gus
Taylor and won. 2—6, 6—3, 6—4. Page Col
lier and Harry Gorham received "half fif
teen" from Homer Parker and Carl Gard
ner and 'won in straight sets, 6 — 3, 6 — 3.
In the first round Dick Adams and
James McKenzie received odds of "fifteen
and owe half fifteen" from Collier and
Crowell. With the score standing 6—3,
2—45. 3—3, Adams and McKenzie withdrew
and the match went to their opponents by
default. In the next match, when the
score stood 6—3, 2—6, 3—2, Cornell and
Whitney defaulted to Stringham and Al
len. The latter received odds of •'fifteen."
Smith and Code allowed P. Collier and
Gorham odds of "half fifteen" and won in
straight sets, 7 — 5, 6 — 3. In the last match
of this round Paul Jones and Herman
Powers allowed Clyde Beal and Al Ken
yon odds of "fifteen and owe half fifteen."
The latter won in straight sets, 8—6, 6—2.
In the semi-finals both matches were ex
ceedingly close, and in each the winning
team were victors after losing the first
set. Collier and Crowell allowed String
ham and Allen "fifteen" and won, 3—6,
6—2, 6—2. The scratch men were slow to
start, but when once fairly under way
they won handily. The match between
Hunt and Code and Beal apd Kenyon was
a repetition of the preceding match. Beal
and Kenyon were allowed odds of "half
thirty" and won the first set. The next
two sets were taken easily by Smith and
Code. The score in their favor was 4—6,
6-2, 6-L
The final match between Collier and
Crowell and Smith and Code was the best
of the day. The former allowed the latter
odds of "fifteen" and won, 6—4, 2—6, 6—0.
Young Smith played a fine game in this
match, especially in the first and second
sets. His efforts left him tired in the last
set. His smashing was swift and his
drives well placed.
In a practice match A. W. Worthington
beat Joe Daily, 6—0. 6—0, 6—0. The winner
has been improving rapidly of late, and
although his style is peculiar it is effec
tive. Worthington allowed Mr. Hendry
odds of "thirty" and was beaten, 2 — 6, 6—4,
7—5.
OLYMPIC CLUB HANDBALL
GAMES STILL CONTINUE
Tournament Is Gradually Beaching
the All-Important Final Series
of Match Contests.
The handball games in the Olympic
Club tournament are gradually approach
ing the all-important finals. In the
matches yesterday Henry Russ defeated
William Cartwright 20— 2L 21—12, 21—7. .
George James defeated T. Curley 21—15,
21—10.
George Janes defeated Otey Crable 21—6,
21—10.
M. Rosenfeld was defeated by T. I.
Fitzpatrick 21—7, 21-3.
In the first class Gleason, Curley and
Russ will play to decide which will meet
George James for the championship. In
the third class Melrose will play the win
ner of to-day's game. In the second class
Green will play the winner of the Levy-
Janes game.
To-night the matches will be: T. Curley
vs. Jack Gleason, L. L<evy vs. G. Janes,
T. I. Fitzpatrick vs. F. Wegener. ■
In the San Francisco handball court
Champion J. Fitzgerald and M. J. Kilgai
lon defeated J. C. Nealon and J. RIordan.
The score: 21—15, 16—21, 21—17, 13—21 and
21—12. The other games resulted as fol
lows:
G. Hutchinson and M. Dillon 21 13 21 21
P. Kelly and W. Kelly 16 21 18 17
Dan McDonald and J. Kearney.. 21 21 15 19 21
M. McNeil and G. McDonald.... 20 12 21 21 14
M. Klrby and.J. McBrearty 21 13 21
D. Regan and J. Foley ,....19 21" 18
J. McNamara. and T. McManus..21 15 21 18 21
J. McDermott and J. Bolster .'.12 21 16 21 13
J. Regll and W. Johnson 21 21 16 21
F. Smith and W. Mitchell 11 19 21 14
D. Connelly and M. Joyce 21 19 21 21
.W. Williams and J. Lawless 18 21 16 20
W. Walsh and H. H. Llssner 21 18 21 2i
XV. Kavanaugh and J. Brady 14 21 17 16
Martin Levy and M. Berwln ...21 21 21
Phil Basch and J. Durant 13 17 19
The games played at the Occidental Ath
letic Club court were as follows:
J. D. Mahoney and Tom Leach 21 18 21
Dr. R. Longerbach and E. J. Murphy. 10 21 16
T. Clements and W. Fisher.... 21 18 21 10 21
J. Condon and G. B. Hayward..l6 21 13 21 IS
Robert Donovan ;...21 21
Tom Creely 16 IS
O. B. Hayward 21 13 21
W. Fisher 18 21 20
Cyclers Start on Long Journey.
NEW YORK, Dec. 8.— The annual in
ternational six-day bicycle team race be
gan in the Madison Square Garden at
midnight. When "Young Corbett" starred
the men there were about 8000 people in
the Garden. Sixteen teams will fight for
fame and prize money around the saucer
shaped track for the next six days. The
prize money will be divided as follows:
First. J1500; second.* $1000; third, $750:
fourth, $500; fifth, $350, and sixth, $250.
Each man of a team will ride twelve
hours a day. "Bobby" Walthour- and
Archie McEachern, the Pan-American
team, and the French pair, Gougoltz and
Samar, are out to lower the record made
in Madison Square Garden in 1898 by Miller
and Waller, when that team covered 2733
miles and four laps. Last year Elkes and
McFarland won the six-day race after
riding 2G28 miles and seven laps. The
Swedish team, Furtos and Peterson, failed
to qualify and withdrew from the race.
Swiss Rifle Club Shoot.
The shoot of the Swiss Rifle Club yes
terday at Harbor View Park resulted as
follows:-
Bullseye — First. Ed Suter Jr.; second
Al Gehret; third J. Scheibli, fourth, P.
Orsi; fifth, Charles Bachmann; sixth, F
Baumgartner; seventh, F. Suter; eighth
J. Bachmann; ninth, A. Studer;. tenth, Al
Monotti; eleventh, A. von Wyl. Medal
shoot, first class— J. Scheibli, 397; second
class, Ed Suter. 364; third class, Charles
Bachmann, 345.
George Siddons Defeats Hoey.
PAINESVILLE, Ohio, Dec. 8.— The fight
between Jimmy Hoey and George srd
dons, which was to have taken place a
W u' ; 5- ag0 but was Prevented by the
Sheriff on orders from Governor Nash,
was decided early to-day at' Richmond.
Hoey was , knocked out in the ninth
round. r»o arrests have been made.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, DECEMBER 9, 1901.
STRIKES OUT HEAVY HITTERS
OF THE HOflE TEAM CLEVERLY
&^yv3 EN thousand spectators ; saw
I Waddell, the' wizard
1 1 pitcher, make a spectacle of the
II heavy batsmen of the San Fran-
cisco baseball team yesterday at
Recreation Park. He struck out twelve
men, showing wonderful control over the
ball, together with astonishing speed. The
game was won by the visitors by a
score of 4 to 2. .
V The fielding of the home team could
hardly have been worse, some of the
errors being at once costly and inex
cusable. For a moment in the last inning
it seemed the Wasps might tie the score,
Schwartz and Krug lining out two-bag
gers. Tne net resuu was one run ana tne
game was over.
The crowd iormed a fringe around the
entire field. Berore piay commenced it
was agreed tnat a hit into tne crowd
would mean a two-Dagger ana a wild
tnrow wouiu entitle a runner to one base.
The spectators overflowed the grounds
in every direction. Long before the game
commenced tne management ceased sell
ing uckets.as iheavaiiaoie stanuing room
was occupied. It is estimated nearly
three thousand people were turned away
irom the Kates.
Wadaell outshone all the other Eastern
stars. In the sixth inning "Jfoungey"
Johnson was sent out to coach in an en
deavor to rattle "Kube." The two base
ball comedians tried to outdo one another
in amusing the spectators and succeeded
admirably. When "Rube" found the new
man on tne coachers' line he gravely bow
ed and took off his cap. Later in the
inning he walked over and shook hands
with Johnson. •
After the game some spectator threw
a cushion onto the field from the stand.
Another and then another was thrown
until the air was filled with the harmless
missiles. They were thrown back into
the grand stand and returned again; In'
the metee a policeman's helmet was
knocked off. i Its owner added to the
hilarity of the occasion by chasing a
small boy In and out among the thou
sands of spectators who had ma'de their
way. to the field. No arrests.
The All-Americas scored their first run
in the fourth. Barrett, the first man up
hit past Iburg, the ball bounding off his
glove and out toward Krug. Barrett was
safe before it could be fielded to first.
Mercer was safe on Shay's fumble. La
joie hit to Shay and forced Barrett at
third. Davis flew to deep left field and
Mercer scored on the throw in. Bradley
hit to shortstop and was out, retiring the
side. \
Waddell rang up a tally in the fifth
through Parke Wilson's dropping the ball
when he had the eccentric Easterner safe
ly out. Irwin was the first batter up and
sent the ball straight into Nordyke's
hands at first. Sullivan was safe on
Shay's juggling of his hit. Waddell sin
gled. Pickering hit to pitcher, who threw
Sullivan out at third. Barrett singled
and Waddell came home on the play.
Wilson had the ball in ample time to put
him out. and the spectators Thought he
had done so until it was seen he had
dropped the ball. Pickering moved up to
third on Reilly's fumble. Mercer ended
the trouble by going out on a fly.
Two runs were scored in the sixth
Krug's error being a factor in the play.
Lajoie, the great, started proceedings
by flying cut. Davis singled, being safe
on Nordyke dropping the ball at first
base. Bradley singled, sending Davis to
third. Irwin was hit by the pitcher, fill
ing the bases. Sullivan singled to short
stop and Shay tossed the ball easily to
Krug. The latter dropped the ball and
did not see where it rolled. Before it
REDMEN MUST
PACK UP AND GO
Southern Reservation In
dians in a Sad Pre
dicament.
SAN DIEGO, Dec. 8.— In about three
weeks the Department of . Indian Affairs
at Washington will have laid before it a
report from Major James •• McLaughlin
and Indian Agent Wright, on which will
be based a decision as to what Is to be
done With the Indians at present in the
reservation on Warner's ra.nch.
These Indians In five reservations—
Puerta La Cruz, Mataguay, Puerta Chi
clta, San Jose and Agua Caliente— must
be moved soon, for the decision of the
Supreme Federal Court is that the, land
belongs to J. Downey Harvey of Los An
geles, and that the Government never had
a right to locate the reservations on the
ranch.
The case of the Indians on the San Fe
lipe ranch is practically the same, though
the decision of the court has not yet been
written. Major McLaughlin states that
the Government has given up the Idea
that there is any Government land In this
section of the country which Is. suitable
for a reservation, for every piece of land
that is tillable has long since been taken
by white settlers and even some of the
reservations, as they are now located, are
on the sides of mountains where the In
dians have a hard time to exist. .
The two officials have been making a
"ten days' trip through the valleys of San
Diego County looking at certain lands
which had been considered - suitable for
reservations, and which had been offered
to the Government. At least 2000 acres. of
areable land is wanted with a water sup
ply that can be used for Irrigation. Two
or three suitable locations have * been
found on the trip and the two agents have
BASEBALL, PLAYERS WHO AP
PEARED IN EXCITING GAME
AT RECREATION PARK.-
could be recovered Davis' and Bradley
had made good use of their time and had
scored. Waddell struck out and Irwin
was caught out at the home plate In an
attempt at a double steal. The ball was
sent down to second to head off a runner
and was. returned in time to catch Irwin.
The home team scored their first run in
the sixth. Reilly flew to shortstop and
Iburg struck out. Nordyke, the hero nf
Saturday's game, was next at bat. He
hit the ball in the same direction as that
taken by it on Saturday when he sent It
over the fence. This time it struck the
wrong side of the fence and fell among
the spectators. Under the ground rules
in force he was allowed only two bases
on the hit.
Wilson followed with a* single to Ir
win. The latter fell and rolled "over sev
eral times In his efforts to catch and field
the ball. Nordyke scored before Irwin
recovered. Hildebrand hit to the pitcher
and was out.
Schwartz scored the second and last
run for the Wasps in the ninth. Hilde
brand was the first man up and was
thrown out at first by Bradley. Schwartz
lined ' out a two-bagger. Pabst flew to
center and Krug singled, scoring
Schwartz. Shay flew out, ending the
game.
On Wednesday afternoc.i the same
teams will t>lay. the only change being in
the pitcher's department. Bernhard will
be in the box for the visitors and Whalen
for the home team. On Thursday and
Friday the visitors will play the Oaklands
and on Saturday and Sunday the Sacra
mento team will cross bats with them.
half a dozen places yet to visit before
making up their reports.
Hickey Is Expelled.
NEW YORK, Dec. 8.— P. L. Powers,
president of the National Association of
Professional Leagues, has written Secre
tary Farrell directing him. to notify all
leagues and associations composing the
National Association of the expulsion of
Thomas J. Hickey from the National As
sociation. The charge was made that
Hlckey,- in becoming president of the
American Association, has not kept faith
with the National. President Powers
has addressed a letter to Hickey as fol
lows: l
"By request of the members of the Na
tional Association you are hereby deposed
as member and chairman of the board of
arbitration and notifying you that your
connection with the National Association
is terminated."
Bowlers Enter a Protest.
The members of the Garden City Bowl
ing Club of San Jose have had printed
tor distribution a letter setting forth
their position regarding rulings made
against them at the* tournament held in
this city November 3. Thy letter is
signed by Dr. F. Schumacher, Frank
Sherrer, C. M. Smith, August Menn Jr.,
Dr. A: M. Barker, and J. Kelley Rus
sell. ; It . concludes with a challenge to
Messrs. Mallett and Smith, who entered
protests against the San Jose players.
They are willing to play for from $5 to
5100, the stakes to be donated to some
charitable Institution to be named by the
winners.
Visit of Duchess of Marlborough.
• LONDON, Dec. 9.— The papers announce
that when the JDuchess of Marlborough.
formerly Miss Consuelo Vanderbilt, visits
the United States with her children this
winter she will spend Christmas with her
father, William K. Vanderbilt, at his
country home, Idle Hour. She will return
to Great Britain in February.
Decide to Prosecute Mayo Officials.
.LONDON, Dec. 8.— The Government has
decided to prosecute Connor O'Kelly, M
P., chairman of the Mayo County Coun
cil, and several officials of the County
Mayo under the crimes act for holding
meetings • and delivering intimidating
cKpeeches In defiance of the orders of the
■police. • ■■• ■ ■ . ■ ■ • -
The score of yesterday's game:
SAN FRANCISCO.
.. . , I AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Nordyke. lb 4 110 9 0 1
"Wilson, c 4 o ■ 1 " 0 3 2 1
Hlldebrand, If. 4 0 0 0 10 0
Schwartz, rf. 4 1 1 0 1 0 0
Pabst. cf. 4 0 0 0 3 2 0
Kru*,.2b. ...; 4 0 l 0 4 11
Shay.~s..s. 4 0 0 0 0 6 1
Reilly. 3b 2 0 0 0 3 5 2
Iburg, P 3 0 0 0 0 2 0
• Totals 33 2 4 0 24 18 6
ALL-AMERICA. . " "
„, , . ' A B: R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Pickering, If. 4 0 , 0 1 1 .. 0 0
Barrett, cf. ......... 4 1 2 1 2 0 0
Mercer, rf 4 0 10 10 0
Lajoie, 2b 4 0 0 0 2 1 0
Davis, lb. 4 1 1 0 7 0 C
Bradley, 3b 4 1 1 0 1 4 0
Irwin. s. s 3 0 1 0 2 0 2
Sullivan, c 3 0 0 1 11 1 a
Waddell, p 3 1 1 0 0 1 0
Totals 33 4 7 3 27 7 2
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
San Francisco 0 0 0 0 0 1 0 0 1—2
Base hits 0 0 0 0 0 2 0 0 2—4
All-America ..'. 0 0 0 112 0 0 •— 4
Base hits 0 10 2 2 10 1 •— 7
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible for— Iburg 1. Waddell 2.
Two-base hits — Nordyke. Schwartz, Krug. First
base on errors— San Francisco 2, All-America 3
First base on called balls— San Francisco 1, All-
America. 1. Left on bases— San Francisco 5. All-
America 6. Struck out— By Iburg 2, by Wad
• dell 12. Hit by pitcher— Irwin. Tlmo of game—
1:42. Umpire— J. McDonald. Official scorer —
Belcher. ' -
ANGELS WIN DOWN SOUTH.
Heavy Hitting Defeats the National
League Team.
LOS ANGELES, Dec. 8.— Five thousand
people saw ,Morley's heavv hitters take
the second baseball game from the Na
tionals by a score of -9 to 2. It was. a
game, full of batting, clever fielding and
constant kicking. ' Both teams took turns
objecting against Decker's decisions.
Some of the objections were not without
cause. Decker appeared erratic on balls
and strikes. "Buck" Francks took Steln
feld's place at short and played a bril
liant game. His fielding of a liner from
HamphilFs bat In the seventh was a
clever piece of work. Hulen played third
for the visitors, McHale going to left
field. Van Haltren appeared off in his
fielding, two errors being marked up
against him. - •
The Angels commenced scoring in the
first inning. Hemphill singled, House
holder walked, and Kihm's hit to left
went past McHale, scoring Hemphill and
Householder. Hall lined out a high one
to center, which Van Haltren fumbled.
Hall stole second, and Chance's wild
throw allowed Kihm to score. Reilly fol
lowed' with a safe hit to left field, scor
ing Hall. Again in the sixth and sev
enth Innings the Los Angeles batters fell
on Doyle's curves, and five men made
their bases. In the seventh Klhm sent
the ball soaring far above the left field
fence for a home run. Hall also dropped
a three-bagger in center field.
Hartwell's nervousness allowed the Na
tionals to make three runs in the fourth.
He became rattled and threw wild to
first instead of catching Hulen at the
plate. He steadied down, however, and,
with good support, held the visitors
down until' the seventh, vhen Dougher
ty's error in letting McHale's single go
under the fence cost three runs. Bat
teries—Hartwell and Spies, Doyle and
Chance.
NEW DYNAMITE
GUN IS TESTED
Board of Army Officers
Will Make Report to
Government.
SAVANNAH. Ga.,' Dec. 8.-The test" of
the. new pneumatic dynamite gun at Hil
ton Head, S. C, yesterday under the
auspices of a board of army officers is be
lieved to have been satisfactory. Major
Ira'McNutt of the ordnance department
was chief officer of the board. The gun
is at the entrance to Port Royal harbor,
which it commands. It shows that the
gun has a range of 6000 yards. Eight
projectiles loaded with explosive gelatin
were fired. Six of them exploded upon
impact and threw columns of water into
the air. Two were fired with time fuses.
If they were exploded it was at such a
depth under water that there was no dis
turbance discernible. The explosive
charges ranged from 50 to 200 pounds of
nltro-gelatln. Five dummies were fired to
test the speed. The Government required
that they should be discharged in twenty
minutes.. The time taken, to fire them was
ten and one-half minutes." Forty dum
mies of 1180 pounds each were then fired.
There was no hitch. .
Train Crushes His Leg.
REDDING, Dec. 8.— Frank E. Whipple.
a resident of Eureka and employed at the
Tellurium mine, at Middle Creek, lost the
lower part of his right leg this morning
in a train accident. He was walking
along. the track as a fast freight train
approached from behind. He thought it
was on the main track and sprang upon
the siding. The wheels passed over his
right leg at the calf. He will recover.
Boarding house fare isn't a board of
health.
DOUGHERTY BEST
OF THE BATSMEN
Leads All the Players in
California Baseball
League.
Pennant "Winners First in
Neither Fielding Nor
Batting.
The complet records made by the base
ball teams and players of the California
League for the season just closed have
been compiled by Official Scorer McFarlln.
This Includes all the men who have taken
part in 'enough games to. allow them a
standing In the averages. Strangely
enough, San Francisco leads in neither
fielding nor batting, but for all that they
carried off the pennant by a safe margin.
Dougherty of Los Angeles Iead3 the
batsmen, while Wilson of San Francisco
and Flood of Sacramento are second and
third, respectively. Courtney, the fourth
man on the list, is really the leader, as he
has played the whole season, while the
others are new men who have come here
after the close of their Eastern engage
ments. Following are the complete aver
ages:
INDIVIDUAL BATTING RECORD. -
p "-e g o=*s*o2
8 ? " kllZZZl
plater. : : : S e ; S ™ a 1 £
: : : : 3 * a £ 5 •
• • • : I ? » : •
; '. '. . ■ ~ a • . i
i_li_l ii ij :Lf|!i|l£i J£!
Dougherty 46|19O 35 63 o) 2 31 5. 14 .331
WJlson 73j296 46 94; 0 7 13 3|ll .311
Flood 36|132 20 41| 0| 9 6| 2, 9 .318
Courtney 150 572 82 177| 7 9 22 8|24|.3n9
Hamilton 22 69 3 21 01 0 2| Oj 01.304
Householder 13SI567 9211691 9 14 45 j 14 121 1 . 293
fabst 152 561 86|166| 6 8j39il6|25 .295
Doyle 12S 524 671153 2 3|20 6 271.292
Altrock 19 60 6| 17 1 0 2 1 1 .283'
Krug 159 643 88 1 181 15 5]39 7 20|.281
Hlldebrand 160 629 98 174 1 6 27 23 31|.27«
Nordkye 156 591 103 162 11 10 37 12123|.274
Hall 41129 16 35 0 1 11 5 3|.27t
Strelb 146 561 65 152 2 3 22 4125.270
Hemphill 51 190 23 51 0 5 5 3 9 .2«8
Klhm 49 163 35 43 2 8 7 7 10.263
Reltz 100 373 56 98 0 1 8 20 17.262
Atherton 64 243 36 63 4 4 12,4 4.259
Schwartz lt>3|62« 88 162 3 5|12 20 391.253
JLohman 130 420 1 59 108 2 3 £3 19 24 1.257
IC. Rellly... 145 508 62 131 1 2 28 15 17.257
Holland 23 110 17 28 0 0|10 3 2 .254
Hotter 49 171 25 42 0 1 9 4 10 .243
Stanley 130 459 53 112 2 2J19 27 19 .244
Eagan .....114 435 54 106 8 1122 7 14.24?
5 Hutchinson 108 385 64 92 5 2J18 14 16|.23S
ZStricklett 87 293 45 70 4 8|13| 7 10 1. 238
Shay 68 232 35 55 2 3| 7| 4 241.237
fDevereaux 152 571 97 135 4 2|22 14|53|.236
■I Drennan 124 466 60 110 2 2|18 71391.236
J McLaughlin 152 583 S3 138 3 8120 20164 j. 236
Davis 461168 20 39 0 01 5 5 8 .232
SDunleavy 1411533 75 123 3 7|25 10 34|.23O
JSheehan 1521565 64 130 1 3|20 24 241.230
Schmidt 371107 8 24 0 0 3 4 31.221
S Evans 3S 94 7 21 1 0 31 4 11.2^3
?Hansen 53 170 18 38 1 0 31 4 2.223
Mcsklman 115 384 33 85 2 6 14|6|9|.221
Francks 131462 63 102 5 2 lS!20!36i .22T>
McNeeley 24 73 9 16 0 1 11 21 0|.219
Sullivan 291105 12 23 0 0 4! 2i 2 .219
Kelly 1271451 47 97| 4 4119 25122.213
McGuckea 961381 34 82|0 0 10 111 9 .213
Brockhoft 1071409 63 8710 3llO 31201.212
Spies 15t|546 64 116 0 3;21I13!31|.212
Arellanes 120J447 55 94 3 7 Ml 2;2l|.21O
Bowman 108 381 29 79 3 4 11|16; 191.207
Hanlon 95 35S 50 73 5 3 1417127.203
Mohler 58 212 34 43 1 2 3!ll|28 .202
Hartwell 38 114 16 23 0 1 2| 3 0 .201
Graham 99 326 24 65 1 0 101 12! 13 .199
5 Babbitt 122 389 47 76 1 3 13 18|23 .195
JDecker 13 41 2 8 0 0 10 0.193
Held 30 93 13 18 2 0 3 2 2 .193
J. Reilly 158 579 56 108 5 2 19 8 16.186
Jones 60 196 8 36 6 1 2 6! 5 .183
Carter 10 23 3 4 0 0 0 110.174
Croll : 79 2S6 33 49 1 1 9 4| 6 .171
Moore 6S 234 20 40 0 0 6 315.170
\shenbach 19 67 10-11 0 1 2 21 2 .164
Iburg 67 211 17 32 1 1 5 5 8.131
"Whalen 6«!213 18 30 0 1 4 6 1 .140
Briseno 21 73 5 10 0 0 2 1 2.137
Hodson 41116 5 15 0 0 0 2| 1 .129
McCarthy 12 40 1 5 0 0 0 01 2 .125
Hale 40 125 3 15 0 0 2 110.120
Johnson 36 99 7 11 0 0 31 4 2.111
McPartlin 14 39 4 3 0 1 0 2 0 .077
Thomas 13 42 3 2 1 0 0| 0 2 .047
INDIVIDUAL FIELDING RECORD.
~ Q *i > S "5"
p e m a »
i 3 X ST ° S'
o o g. a 2
» C J » B
name. ! ■.' » : : »
. : • • w
• • t : i s ■
First basemen—
Ashenbach 10 81 2 1 .3S8
Davis *3 415 10 6 .986
Decker • 13 116 6 2 .9S3
Klhm : « 481 18 9 .M2
Stretb ••••• 73 7b. 19 16 .980
Hanlon « 881 47 19 .979
Hutchinson... 104 1039 41 34 .978
c Pabst 139 1490 70 36 .977
) Nordyke ., 16 166 7 4 .977
Eagan .....? 61 633 13 16 .975
Second basemen—
Brlseno 21 41 55 5 .950
Flood 31 82 90 10 .345
Reitz 100 236 286 31 .943
Courtney Ill 309 322 45 .933
Atherton 14 23 37 5 .923
Schwartz 112 222 305 45 .921
Mohler 58 186 1S5 34 .916
Krug 51 120 160 26 .915
Arrellanes 103 233 341 54 .911
Brockhoft 19 48 3D 13 .870
Shortstops —
Krug « 97 253 345 61 .907
Babbitt IS 36 68 12 .S36
Kelly 124 268 424 82 .831
Francks 117 315 390 86 .891
Devereaux 142 314 456 95 .890
Eagan 20 34 79 15 .882
Shay 66 148 227 54 .874
Hall 2S 34 60 16 .S54
Third ba«em«n—
C. Rellly •*. 145 199 332 52 .913
j Rellly •■ 156-204 351 60 .302
5"Babbltt 44 50 83 16 .892
Isheehan 147 191 306 60 .892
Dunleavy 22 33 43 12 .863
Eagan 34 37 79 19 .859
Moore 66 64 166 41 .$43
Hall 10 7 23 6 .$33
Outfielders— \
Courtney 36 69 10 2 .975
Hamilton 22 36 2 1 .974
Drennan 124 253 27 9 .96S
Bowman 108 22o 18 9 .9G4
Atherton 42 67 10 3 .962
fHeld 26 48 12 .960
J Pabst 11 23 1 1 .960
Istreib 72 131 13 6 .960
McLaughlin 101 290 26 15 .954
Hlldebrand 160 299 21 16 .952
Hemphill 51 95 4 5 .951
McCarthy 12 18 11 .950
Doyle 35 138 9 8 .913
Croll 79 143 13 9 .945
McGucken 96 187 15 13 .939
Hotter 33 54 7 4 .938
Schwartz 52 62 8 5 .933
Householder 138 302 34 25 .930
Dunleavy HI 201 21 IS .325
JArrellanes 14 34 13 .on
I Nordyke 136 226 21 21 .9a
Moskiman 56 76 9 8 .914
Babbitt 29 36 6 4 .913
Strlcklett 29 46 5 5 .910
Dougherty 45 64 8 8 .900
Brockholl 84 116 18 16 .893
Holland 29 49 6 U .833
_; PITCHERS' RECORD.
• q a »u o t
§ § IS If
NAME. .- . It -fl || Sg
| I S >» . ?
i I • ri '.
* • : 3 •
" * '- ra •
McPartlln * "^" ~" #903 » as -862
£™& ■ 8 2 .SCO .231 .963
Doyle 20 12 .623 ."37 961
gevereaux . 5 3 ;£* ;^ g*
en 36 23 .CIO .216 .921
*£ UI X -I" • 37 27 .£78 .236 .962
Mosklman 56S 233 96O
stncki^u"::::::::::::::::::::::::::;::::::;; g g jj •§ j«
J° nes 29 24 .^47 .224 .925
E v "»a 1 ••• ; 12 11 .521 .23S .910
« SZfr V * 10 « +"6 .227 .97S
¥?'£!£ " 9 " .<•-* .241 .933
ii rSB. 1, • 8 -«8- .230 .920
£{ a S U w -* 19 -2<» .880
"oj 18011 — IS 23 .361 .245 .949
Johnson g 13 253 x 0 -915
Schmidt 5 u .263 .255 .946
Thomas -~ 3 , 0 23O 2 63 .961
HotIer 2 10 .1«8 .272 .330
NAME.
I
.1.
2
I
1 :
7.0
7.S
7.7
9.1
7.1
7.6
7.3
7.3
7.4
7.5
7.»
7.1
8.1
7.2
6.8
7.8
7.6
7.9
8.6
9.3
-.2 ~g v" $ *
53 q » s 1
*e» Co o 2 *
5 2 as »o s 3
o5 3^ 3S S- -
»| *1 • S .3
? S • ™ • i 5
• <» : : • •
0.9 2.5 2.4 1 ~T
3.0 3.9 3.5 5 5
2.3 3.4 3.2 7 10
1.6 1.1 2.2 0 0
2.1 3.7 2.5 9 3l>
2.2 2.2 2.5 4 24
l.S 1.7 l.S 3 15
1.9 2.4 4.0 10 17
2.2 3.0 2.6 9 30
l.S 2.3 3.4 18 IS
2.7 2.7 3.1 4 4
1.9 1.5 1.8 1 13
2.3 4.0 2.7 4 11. ■
1.8 2.4 3.7 5 t V
l.S 3.3 4.2 18 27 f
2.3 2.4 2.1 3 9 V
3.2 3.1 2.1 4 12
2.8 3.5 2.3 4 26
2.5 3.3 2.6 3 IS
2.7 2.0 2.0 » 7
_; PITCHERS' RECORD.
• q a »u o t
§ § IS If
NAME. .- . It -fl || Sg
| I S >» . ?
i I • ri '.
* • : 3 •
" * '- ra •
McPartlln * "^" ~" #903 » as -862
£™& ■ 8 2 .SCO .231 .963
Doyle 20 12 .623 ."37 961
gevereaux . 5 3 ;£* ;^ g*
en 36 23 .CIO .216 .921
*£ UI X -I" • 37 27 .£78 .236 .962
Mosklman 56S 233 96O
stncki^u"::::::::::::::::::::::::::;::::::;; g g jj •§ j«
J° nes 29 24 .^47 .224 .925
E v "»a 1 ••• ; 12 11 .521 .23S .910
« SZfr V * 10 « +"6 .227 .97S
¥?'£!£ " 9 " .<•-* .241 .933
ii rSB. 1, • 8 -«8- .230 .920
£{ a S U w -* 19 -2<» .880
"oj 18011 — IS 23 .361 .245 .949
Johnson g 13 253 x 0 -915
Schmidt 5 u .263 .255 .946
Thomas -~ 3 , 0 23O 2 63 .961
HotIer 2 10 .1«8 .272 .330
NAME.
RIFLE EXPERTS
PEPPER TARGETS
Numerous Organizations
Hold Exciting
Contests.
Military Companies Finish
Practice Shooting for
the Year.
The attendance at Shell Mound r^
range yesterday was unusually good, and;
while no phenomenal scores were record
ed, the work of the marksmen was on the
whole better than it has been for' some
time. ' *
Batteries B, C and D of the First Ar
tillery, National Guard of California, held
their last shoot of the. year. The scores
of each member will be summed up and
the State medals awarded before the 1st
of January. ■"■
The Norddeutschers finished their con
test for the Captain Slebe medal, and
Hermann Huber was announced as tna-
winner. The medal was offered for the
best three bullseyes made during the year.
Huber' s centers were 49, 127 ana 198.
The Germania Schuetzen Club held a
turkey shoot In connection with its regu
lar prize contest. The other organizations
present were the San Francisco Schuet
zen Verein, Golden Gate Rine and .Pistol
Club and Independent Rifles.
The day's scores are as follows:
Batteries B and C, First Artillery. National
Guard of California, llrat and second classes,
monthly medal shoot:
""" I Yards
NAMES. I 200 I 300 | 500
Sergeant F. F. Carson 23 22 24
Lieutenant W. S.- Grattan.... 23 12 21
Captain G. Petty 20 20 la
Serjeant T. W. McGilvery.... 13 33 13
Corporal H. J. Musgrave 14 23 l»
C. Heineman 20 1S »
Sergeant W. £>. Grant 24 20 24
C. VValtham 23 23 Z>
Sergeant A. S. Hatfleld 25 16 l.^~
Lieutenant P. J. Neuman 19 24 21 J
Corporal J. Cobby 25 23 13'
C. Meyer 25 21 2*
\V. A. McQultty 23—8
Sergeant A. H. Kennedy 84 — 15
Sergeant W. W. Thompson.. 23 20 W
Sergeant F. J. Povey 24 25 3
Batteries B and C, First Artillery, National
Guard of California, third and fourth classes,
ten shots each at 200 yarda: H. H. Mitchell 33.
B F. Suelnohn 40, J. C. Roberts 32, W. Strom
berg 39,. W Sellers 43, E. Lausteman 24, E. O.
Suelflohn 39, L. H. Barrieau 37, G. L. Harvey
38 J F. Cook 20. M H. Waterman 19. W. U.
Petty 30. R. T Kurnnsky 25. \V. S. Collett 21.
E. Burchard 36, C. J. McDonald 33. C. Dabney
26. J. L. Hesse 32 C. Mclntosh 22. S. H. Stew
art 43, B. Hdpkins 42. B. de Wolf 43, J. E.
Flynn 18, C. J Goodell 16, E. F. Tooker 43. G.
Bantz 34, B. F. Brown 40, F. J. Kane 44, Ser
geant J. W. Galbraith 47.
Battery D, First Artillery. National Guard ot
California, monthly medal shoot: Captain Cun
ningham 19, Lieutenant Farlesa 23, Sergeant
Mund 20, Quartermaster Sergeant Turton 20,
Corporal Johnson 21. Corporal Hiteman 18, A.
Brooks 3, B. Munson 17. C. Dunning 19,. J.
Whitney 5, A Grimes 13, E. Jacobson 24, F.
Nutting 16. W. Keesling 21, A. Shepard 8, C.
Reubold 24, R. A. Belinge 9. B. Levy 25.
Norddeutscher Schuetzen Club monthly bulls
eye shoot: D. Salfleld 227, F. C. Rust 338. O.
Lemcke 430, H. Huber 497, F. P. Schuster 619.
R. Stettin 706. A. Hohmann 755. J. de Wit 7SJ.
W. Gottschalk 798, F. Koch 837, J. Gefken 93u,
H. Meyer 1150, G. White 1225. J. Lankenau 1320.
Germania Schuetzen Club annual turkey
shoot: H. Huber 67, F. P. Schuster 66, H.
Wreden 65, C. M. Henderson 65, D. B. FaktorL
64, J. D. Heise 64 F. E. Mason 63. G. H. Bahmf
63, L. Bendel 63. H. Meyer 62. F. Rust 62. A. "
Jungblut 62. L. Haake 60, C. Schraeder 58. W.
Goetze 53, S. Heino 57, J. Tiedemann 57. W.
Doell 57. J. F. Bridges 56. F. Pritchard 55, R.
Stettin 55, G. Alpers 55. H. Zecher 54, A.
Hagedorn 54, E. Goctze S3, D. Salfleld 52, J.
Gefken 51, L. Ritzau 50, F. Brandt 49, J.
ttschig 47.
Germania Scheutzen Club monthly medal
shoot: First champion class, F. P. Schuster.
226. 212. Second champion class, L. Bendel, 211.
First class, F. Brandt, 207. Second class. W.
Goetze. 207. Third class. J. Beuttler, 192. 1S3.
Best first shot, .F. P. Schuster, 25. Best last
shot. H. Huber, 25.
San Francisco Schuetzen Verein monthly
medal shoot: Champion class. A. Pap«, 441. 411.
First class. G. H. Bahrs. 406. Second class, O.
Lemcke. 397. Third class. Captain J. Thode]
407. Fourth class, H. Hupp«rt. 372. Best first
shot. D. B. Faktor, 24. Best last shot. H.
Huber, 23.
Golden Gate Rifle and Pistol Club semi
monthly, medal shoot, with rifle, handicap: M
F. Bla«4e. 211. 206; A. B. Dorrell, 221. 223; D.
W Mclaughlin, 218. 230, 224. 224: O. Bremer.
219, 212. 210; L. Relmenschneider 190, 183, 194.
186. Silver medal. W. Ehrenpfort, 185. Gold
medal, J. F. Bridges. 211. ■
With pistol: Silver medal, J. Kullman 78,
67. 66. Handicap. J. E. Gorman. 93, 90; W. F.
Blasse, S7, 85,- 80.
With revolver: J. E. Gorman. 92. SS, 87; P.
H. Becker, 91. 90, 88. 85 i. Major Tompklns. 78.
78. 74. 73.
Independent Rifles, monthly medal shoot: H.
Goetjen Jr. 23. R. V. Blther 40, J. H. KuhllK*
S3, Sergeant C. Andrews 42, Lieutenant E.
Moenning 36.
Madge — He said I was a peach and the
apple of his eye. Is that what you call
an epigram. i,
Marjorle— No, my dear. That's what r*
call Jolly.— The Eavesdropper.
TEAM BATTING.
~"~ ? > « ?
3 a S 3
? S- S3 §
CLUB. : ~ S"
: : ■ *»
: • : *
I 152 5143; 12G01 .241
{San Francisco 165 5584 13S0 .214
Los Angeles 155 5176 1239 .239
Oakland 1S2 5313 1169 .2.9
TEAM FIELDING.
2 £ S? ?
e s 3 a
CLUB. S : : p
: : • »
• : •
Los Angeles : 4207 1944 373! .9*2
Sacramento 4000 1883 3651 .34t
San Francisco 4273 219« 440l .J36
Oakland 4329 2251 505J .9a
CATCHERS.
NAME. : J : ' -> » v
: : • : i ?f
j_J i I - s ':-*
Sullivan 23 SS 22 3 5 .SS3
Spies 134 782 164 19 14 .9v)
Stanley 130 530 132 13 20 .372
Carter 6 13 8 1 1 .964
Wilson 69 259 61 13 12 .3t>3
Graham 87 348 83 22 14 .951
Lehman 120 431 166 35' 22 .944
Kansen 30 109 39 13l 5! .3i»
-.2 ~g v" $ *
53 q » s 1
*e» Co o 2 *
5 2 as »o s 3
o5 3^ 3S S- -
»| *1 • S .3
? S • ™ • i 5
• <» : : • •
0.9 2.5 2.4 1 ~T
3.0 3.9 3.5 5 5
2.3 3.4 3.2 7 10
1.6 1.1 2.2 0 0
2.1 3.7 2.5 9 3l>
2.2 2.2 2.5 4 24
l.S 1.7 l.S 3 15
1.9 2.4 4.0 10 17
2.2 3.0 2.6 9 30
l.S 2.3 3.4 18 IS
2.7 2.7 3.1 4 4
1.9 1.5 1.8 1 13
2.3 4.0 2.7 4 11. ■
1.8 2.4 3.7 5 t V
l.S 3.3 4.2 18 27 f
2.3 2.4 2.1 3 9 V
3.2 3.1 2.1 4 12
2.8 3.5 2.3 4 26
2.5 3.3 2.6 3 IS
2.7 2.0 2.0 » 7
2
I
1 :
7.0
7.S
7.7
9.1
7.1
7.6
7.3
7.3
7.4
7.5
7.»
7.1
8.1
7.2
6.8
7.8
7.6
7.9
8.6
9.3
I
.1.PLANS NEW ROAD
THROUGH IDAHO
Karriman Syndicate to
Open Rich Western
District.
Oregon Short Line Engineers
Surveying the Route for
an Extension.
i?j>ecial Dispatch to The Call.
SALT LAKE, Dec. 8.— A party of Ore
son Short Line engineers has started
upon the work of surveying an extension
of the new branch running from Black
f(K» Idaho, to Mackay. Idaho. The ulti
mate objective point of the Short Line in
this extension is neither Challis. Salmci
City nor Thunder Mountain. If a feasible
route can be iound the road will be built
through to Lewiston, Idaho, on the west
ern border of the State, and there it will
connect with a proposed branch of the
Oregon Railroad and Navigation Com
pany, or may itself build farther to a
connection with that part of the Harri
raan system, probably at Grange City
Junction. Wash. The Harriman system
has in contemplation a plan involving the
expenditure of millions of dollars and the
construction of a line with feeders
traversing the entire central 1 of Idaho
and opening probably the richest mineral,
agricultural and timber section of the
West that is at present without a rail
road.
The party of engineers now in the field
will run a line as far as Challis, Idaho.
In the spring a survey will be run to the
vicinity of Thunder Mountain, the new
Idaho gold camp. This may be the stop
ping place for a time. Later the read wni
be continued toward the northwest from
this point.
The probabilities are that if a direct
route across the mountains to the Sal
mon River could not be located the mid
dle fork would be followed north to the
main stream and then the course of the
stream generally followed, with such dis
tance-saving variations as the country
would permit. It is possible that the Sal
mon would be followed to the Snake and
that stream paralleled to Lewiston.
Another route which is said to be feas
ible is to leave the course of the Salmon
neafr the Buffalo Hump Mountains, strik
ing northward across the range at its
me*?: approachable point, probably near
American Creek, and following that
stream and the south fork of the Ctear
water to Mount Idaho. From Mount
Idaho to Lewiston and thence to Grange
Oty Junction, Wash., on the Spokane line
of the Oregon Railroad and Navigation
Company, that road has a survey, made
during the Buffalo Hump excitement.
This survey could be followed or a di
vergence could be made from Lewiston
north to Moscow. The latter route, if
found practicable, gives a more direct line
to Spokane. In either event connection
would be made with the Oregon Railroad
and Navigation line and the Northern Pa
cific.
HUGH CEAIG DESCRIBES
LAWS OF NEW ZEALAND
lells of Good Results Accomplished
by Compulsory Arbitration '
Laws of Island. '
Hugh Craig lectured last night at
Metropolitan Temple under the auspices
of the Liberty Branch of the Socialist \
part on "Xew Zealand." He gave an en- j
tertainir.g description of the traditionary \
history, people and topography of the ■
island, but for the most part his remarks
were confined to the industrial legislation
M if New Zealand. He deelared that the j
fecple of the island are as far ahead of !
the people of the United States to-day in
industrial legislation as the United States ■
was ahead of Europe 100 years agd: The j
iich citizens of New Zealand, he said, i
bought up ail the land, thus depriving
their poorer brethren of the opportunity
of making a livelihood. He pointed out
that this condition cf affairs led the peo
ple to take the legislation into their own
hands and to legislate for their own inter
ests. Mr. Craig declared that by the pas
sage of a land tax the rich were forced to
forfeit their monopoly on the land. The
people also enacted an income tax, he
said.
In describing the New Zealand Govern
ment he said that Ministers were ap
pointed to look after the railroads, the
mines and also the interests of labor. The
speaker Kaid that in the Island railroads,
telegraph, water rights and other public
utilities are owned by the Government.
The greater part of the conclusion of his
lecture was devoted to the industrial con
ciliation and compulsory arbitration law,
which, he declared, was one of the great
est achievements of New Zealand legisla
tion, in that it secured the peaceable ad
justment of all quarrels betwen labor and
'capital.
DIES FROM HEMOHBHAGE
UT A PATEOL WAGON
Prisoner Supposed to Be G. F. Royce
of Eeno, Nev., Succumbs to
Tuberculosis.
A man supposed to be G. F. Royce of
New, was arrested Saturday after
noon on Haight street by Policeman Gil
lin for being drunk. He was taken to the
Stanyan-street station and later in the
afternoon to the City Prison.
Yesterday morning while the "drunks"
were being taken from their cells Royce
fell in a lit and blood spurted from his
nose and mouth. The prison attaches sent
him down in the elevator with Policeman
P. H. Murphy to be taken to the Emergency
Hospital, but he expired as he was being
placed in the wagon and the body was
carried to the Morgue. Dr. Bacigalupi
made an autopsy on the body and report
ed that death had betn caused by tuber
culosis of the lungs.
fractured Skull Causes Death.
E. P. Ferrington, quartermaster of the
Fteamer iiyades, who waa taken to the
Central Emergency nosnltal Saturday
night suffering from a frac'-red skull,
died there last night. His body was sent
to the Morgrue.
Fell From a Car.
John D. Hoover fell off a Mission street
rar at the corner of Seventh street on
Saturday night shortly before midnight.
He was taken home In an ambulance. His
Injuries consisted of a dislocated shoulder
and two broken ribs.
POSTUM CEREAL.
SHOOTS AGAIN
"] though Coffee Took His Eyesight
for Awhile.
A Colorado camp cook had to quit his
job because he could not make coffee
without drinking it himself, and it was
hiding him- He says he used to take a
'-up of coffee before he got his breakfast
for the men, for lie felt the need of keep-
ing up bis strength, and his stomach trou-
bled him so much.
"Finally." he says. "I got bo bad I was
taken to the hospital. The doctor told
me It wes a clear case of coffee poison.
and if I did not quit I would never get
well. 1 had to quit In the hospital and
eraduaily got a little better. Then I took
To drinkir.g Postum Food Coffee, and took
it out xvith me to a job in the woods.
"I have been using Fostum steadily for
nbout tighteen months and have entirely
icco\'cred from dyspepsia and all my old
r.chcs and ill«». My eyes are so well now
ihat I can see the sun sigrhls as srood as
anybody, but two years ago I never could
hunt because of my eyes. I know jt I*
■*yt<*. quitlng of coffee and using Postum
tj:rtt lias benefited me Nobody « ould
rave tiyspepssa shy worse than I l:nd. All
nay neighbors thought 1 waa going to die.
out I am ;il! r'.gbt now. I have to send
thirty-five mik-s to the city of Trinidad
fcr my Postumj but it i* worth while."
Wiliiam Green. Burwins, Colorado.
VAST CONCOURSE OF CITIZENS ATTENDS
FUNERAL OF LATE GEORGE H. CARLETON
Caklanders Mourn at Bier
of Uprigh> City Employe
Whose Term Ends Forever
OAKLAND. Dec. 8.— The body of
George H. Carleton, late Superin
tendent of Fire Alarm and Police
Telegraph, whose long and faith-
ful service to the city ended in
sudden death last Thursday, was this
afternoon buried at Mountain View Cem
etery with all the honor a sorrowing com
munity could bestow. ;;■•"".
The funeral services were conducted by
the officers of Live Oak Lodge No. , 61,
F. and A. M., of which organization de
ceased was a well loved member. The
city officials from Mayor to humblest
employe took their place In the proces
sional march to the grave. A military
band marked mournful time, and a
company of State soldiers marched be
hind the musicians in tribute to the
worth of the dead citizen.
The Police and Fire departments were
fittingly represented.
Every seat in the First Congregational
Church was occupied during the funeral
services, and many of the 2000 and more
that attended followed the cortege to
the place of burial. . " ■•
The tribute paid to George Carleton by
the public of Oakland was expected. The
best part of his life had been lived in
this city, and his career had been one of
ideal civic usefulness. The tribute paid
hi-; memory by his brother Masons speaks
more than words for the deceased's
standing among men. In addition to
the members of his own lodge at least
500 Masons from all parts of the State
and many visitors from Eastern cities
jcined in paying a Mason's tribute to
the worth of a dead brother.
His Cld Company Turns Out.
Carleton was an active member of the
old Oakland Guard. When this organiza-
tion was merged into the State militia
it still retained a certain individual
identity as Company A of the Fifth
Regiment. In this company Carleton al
ways took a personal pr^de, and it turned .
out to-day with its band to pay a tri
bute to the memory of a dead comrade.
The church services were conducted by
"Worshipful Master George W. Dornin of
DEFECTS APPEAR
IN BATTLESHIP
Board of Engineers May
Examine the New
Illinois.
Special Dispatch to The Call,
NEW ORLEANS, Dec. 8.— Serious de
fects have manifested themselves in the
machinery of the battleship Illinois, row
in this port, and it is more than probable
that a board of naval engineers will be
named by the department to examine her
engines piece by piece. James Rowbot
tom, superintendent of machinery of the
Newport News Shipbuilding and Dry
dock Company, reached New Orleans to
day to investigate complaints which have
been made to the department and which
have b«en referred to the company.
On the Illinois' voyage to New Or
leans great cracks developed in the cyl
inder flanges and heads. Other defects
were located both in the starboard and
port engines. It is said that the cylinder
flanges are not only badly cracked, but
the cylinders themselves are defective.
In the event that the board of engineers
convenes here it is believed the Il
linois will return at once to the ship
yard at Newport News, where she was
built, and the defective machinery be
recast.
FIBST ANNIVERSARY BALL
GREETED WITH SUCCESS
Success attended the first anniversary
entertainment and ball which was given
by the Ladies' Auxiliary of the Congre
gation Beth Menachim Streisand last
night at Odd Fellows' Hall. The hall was
well filled by members of the society and
their friends. A programme, short but
containing some very entertaining num
bers, was rendered. The affair was con
cluded with a ball.
The programme was as follows: Miss
Isabelle Wyatt, toe dance; Miss Rdse M.
Woole, piano solo; Abe Hershon, com
edian; Mrs. Hannah Davis Barron, vocal
selection: Hiss A. Wehlisch, violin solo;
Baby Viola, the Juvenile coon shouter: P.
Mctxee. comedian.
The committees who assisted in making
the event a success were as follows:
Committee of arraagement&-Nat W.'Fried
man (chairman). Mr*. J. Label. Mrs. B. Solor
mon. Mrs. J. Coleman, Mrs. I. Nathan, Mrs.
Reception committee — Mn. A. L. Friedman,
Bid Moes, G. Speier, Migs Sarah Solomon, Miss
Sarah Shapiro.
Floor committee— A. I* Friedman (floor man
ager), D. Monasch (assistant floor manager).
Mi«* Pauline Solomon. Hiss M. Friedman. Miss
J. L,. Keestng. ;■: .
Narrowly Escape Death.
Several people ihad a narrow escape
from being burned to death at a fire at
7 Gordon place about 3 o'clock yesterday
morning. John Melvin, one of the occu
pants of the house, was overcome by
snr.cke, but was dragged out by the fire
men. The two young children of Mr.
and Mrs. Williamson were dropped from
a second-siory window and were caught
by tire police. Mr. and Mrs. Williamson
followed, and escaped unharmed. Wil
liamson reported to the police- that $40,
which was In a box on the bureau in the
family bedroom, was stolen by some one
who entered the house.
Wittman's New Rules,
Chief Wlttinan has decided to adopt a
uniform :*v r steni in regard to officers mak
ing reports. It has been the practice of
uflk-ers to Bend in a report on any kind
of paper and without giving all the in
formation desired. The. Chief has had
blank forms of reports on suicides, prop
erty lost or stolen, accidents, homicides
anii firos printed, each containing answers
to be filled in and «-. generai report at
the bottom. These will be filed in their
order. when sent in and will be kept for
reference-
THE ' SAN i FB A N.CISCO'-.. CALL, MONDAY, DECEMBER 0, 1901.
Fire Department, Police and
Military Join Sad Proces
sion to Last Resting- Place
Live Oak Lodge. Past Master Edward
H. Hart delivered a eulogy, and Chap
lain Willaim Kelly said a prayer. •
The Temple Quartet, of which deceased
had been a member, sang several selec
tions during the service. John R. Jones
of Berkeley sang the parts which George
Carleton used to sustain. The other
members of the quartet— Ben Clark, Al
fred Wilkie and A. C. Read— performed
their duty with considerable effort, some
LONDON MARKET
GROWS BRIGHTER
The President's Message
Has a Stimulating
. Effect.
LONDON, Dec. S.—The outlook on the
Stock Exchange was somewhat brighter
during ths past week, owing to the mes
sage from President Roosevelt, the speech
of the Prince of Wales and the unex
pectedly heavy captures in South Africa.
These latter also helped the market for
mining shares, and Kaffirs rose slightly,
The money situation was satisfactory,
as there was no prospect of stringency in
New York. Paris and Berlin bill's. It Is
thought this promised situation, combined
with the present low price of stock, will
stimulate both investment and specula
tion.
The volume of business to date is still
limited. American securities were lethar
gic, in spite of the improvement of Wall
street.
The silver situation is still critical, al
though silver has recovered slightly from
its lowest quotation. The future of silver
is said to depend entirely .upon whether
tho United States refrain from pressing
future sales.
BERLIN. Dec. 8.— The Boerse did not
show a uniform tendency during the past
week, and while there was a dull move
ment in domestic shares, industrials were
exhausted.
Iron and coal shares continued strong
until Friday.. when a reaction began. This
was in response to the renewed dismal
news from tho producing centers, which
caused the falls in prices recorded on
Friday and Saturday, and which brought
quotations from 2 to 4 below, the previous
week.
The only support for iron shares was in
the cabled reports from the United States.
The shares of oceanic steamship com
panies received a setback from the mes
sage of President Roosevelt.' They par
tially recovered, however, toward the end
of the week. / • • -
German loans were firm and advanced
slightly. In this connection and since
money is so easy, a number of newspa
pers comment upon the heavy return of
German treasury bills from New York. -
The National Zeitung says that Ameri
can capital is so largely in demand by
trusts and other undertakings that it Is
unable to find permanent investment
abroad.
Fair Weather Brings Crowds.
Ah. immense crowd was attracted yes
terday to the park, ocean beach and oth
er points of Interest around the bay shore.
Fortunately no accidents . occurred. The
cars were crowded till a late hour, pleas
ure, seekers evidently wishing to make the
most of an exceptionally fine day.
The following are the results of the con.
tests at Sutro Baths; •
Fifty-yard race— J. UcCleeky first. J. Prla
coll second. Diving for plates— J. Frantz first
prUe. S. Lankln second prl?e. 100-yard race—
J. McClosky first, B. Sundberg second. Tub
race— H. Anderson first, • A. Sundberg second.
A. Martinez third. Springboard diving— J. E.
JacKscn flrBt prize. H. Seebach second prize.
100-yard race — A. Martin first, H. Heinz second.
Express Steamers,
The splendid Express Service between
San Frpnclsco, Santa Barbara and San
Diego is kept up with the regularity of
clock woik. The "Santa Rosa" and
"State" make semi-weekly sailings. Low
rates, fine service and fast time make this
line (The Pacific Coast Steamship Co.'s)
very attractive to passengers. •
Troops Start for San Francisco.
ATLANTA, GsT., Dec' 8.— One .battalion
of the Twenty-seventh Infantry, recently
ordered to Manila, left Atlanta this after-r
uopn for San Francisco via St. Louis.
OAKLAND ORGANIZATIONS
HONOR MEMORY OF LATE
GEORGE, H. -CARLETQN.
* — ■ ] — i — ; ; ; rf
of their notes ending- in the sobs which
they all found difficulty in suppressing.
BASQUE BALL
DRAWING WELL
Exciting Sport Vasco
Attracts Crowds to
Central Park.
The game of basque ball now being
played four days of each week at Centra)
Park seems billed to become a fad in this
country. The game was recently import
ed from Mexico, it having had its birth in
France about fifteen years ago. The Span
iards, then took it up, and experts went
to South America, where it met with great
favor. It has now been Introduced into
the United States in the belief that it will
become popular on account of the unusual
skill required by tho players in scoring
the various points to fee made under the
rules of the game.
A large crowd of curious spectators was
present at the. contests yesterday. Three
matches were played by the Spanish con
testants, and In the course of the matches
some very interesting plays were made.
Even to those who do not understand the
game the spectacle of seein" men scoop
up a swiftly flying bail in an arrangement
shaped like a boomerang and then sweep
ing it away again apparently without ef
fort proved a distinct novelty. Whenever
a ball was muffed by a player, or when it
flew too hifeh and scraped the wire net
ting on the walls, the bell rang and the
opposing players were given a point. Tho
plays were fast and furious at times, and
on these occasions the applause was gen
erous. That the players are experts in
their line, is incontestable.
Lovers of handball will appreciate this
basque ball for the reason that the. games
are quite similar. An inclosure similar to
that of a handball court, only much
larger, is provided. The wall against
which the ball is thrown by the players
Is fifty feet high and, j Is called tho
"front!." About 200 feet away is another
v/all of a lesser height, which is called
the "rebote," and against which the ball
rebounds. Connecting the | walls is an
other of equal height, thus forming a
court forty feet wide, ■which is paved with
artificial stone. This court is called the
"cancha." 'The players are disposed ac
cording to the requirements of the game
within the cancha, each holding "la ch|s
tera," an apparatus- formed of twigs in
the shape of a horn of plenty, open on
one side. The ball is caught with clever
ness by the players in the chistera, and
with one sweep of the arm sent forth
again with lightning-like 6peed. The ball
must be caught on the fly as it rebounds
from the frontis, or on. the first rebound.
Should a player fail in accomplishing this
his opponent scores. The manipulation of
the, ball and the rapidity with which it is
passed about among the opposing teams
fascinates spectators and frequently
rouses them to tho- manifestation of. con?
siderable enthusiasm.
It is the belief of local handball men
that the new game will become popular
with the masses after it is once under-
Stood. A company has been formed. tQ In
troduce the game, and the construction
of a court in Central Park necessitated
the expenditure of $35,000.. Fifteen Span
iards who are experts at the game were
brought to this city, and they play in
matches four days of each week. The
crowds are becoming larger dally, and
when the beauties of the game are more
generally realized there can be no ques
tion that the investment by the company
will become profitable.
Presbyterian Church Bazaar.
The ladles of the Golden Gate Presbyte
rian Church will hold a bazaar Tuesday
evening. December, 10, in the church an
nex," on Golden Gate 'avenue, near Oak
street. The Indies are/omitting nothing
in their efforts to make'the affair a mem
orable success. All kinds of usefuland
fancy articles, suitable for Christmas
presents, will be disposed of.
Services Are Conducted Un
der Masonic Ritual by
Officials of Live Oak Lodge
In the course of his eulogy Edward H.
Hart said that during the' half century
of its existence Live Oak Lodge had never
had upon its membership roll . any more
loyal member nor any better man than
George Carleton. He was the very es
sence of sincerity, he continued, the
friend of every one in sorrow and dis
tress. In him were combined the strength
of the giant and the gentleness of the
child. He was an honest man, and dur-
RUSSIAN POLICE
EXPEL LECTURER
Drive Siberian Explorer
Out of the City of
St. Petersburg.
ST. PETERSBURG, Dec. 8.— Vladimir
Bogoraz, leader of the Siberian depart
ment of the Jesup North Pacific expedU
tion, who returned to St. Petersburg a
month ago after nearly a year and a. half
of exploration in North Siberia, was in
vited to lecture before the Imperial Gee)
graphical Society in this city last night.
A large company assembled to hear him,
but word came at the last moment that
he had been expelled from the city by the
police. The cause of this action was said
to be an article published -by Bogoraz, in
a local .newspaper.
Instead of Bogoraz' s lecture a letter was
read from his companion, Vladimir Jack
elson, who is still in Siberia. Jackelson
said that anthrometric measurements had
been made among the Kariaks and three
skulls obtained. Thirty phonographic cyl
inders were filled with Kariak utterances
and songs. Clay objects were found by
excavations. This is held to prove that a
higher civilization once prevailed in Kam
schatka, since the present tribes are ig
norant of pottery.
The • expedition left San . Francisco
March 17, 1900, for Vladivostok to gather
material about "the origin of the American
races and their affinities with Asiatic
tribes. In June, 1900, Bogoraz went to the
Anodyr country, and July 24 Jackelson
and his companion, Axelrad of Zurich,
■went to Gijlga. Bogoraz made a study
of the Kam6chatkan and Kariaks and
then proceeded northward nearly to Ber
ing Straits. He sledged about 10,000 vergts,
His entire collection embraces 12,000 ob
jects, and a comparative grammar of the
native languages shows them to belong to
the Eskimo group. •
Another member of the expedition, Nor
man Buxton, who directed the zoological
ami botonlcal work, shipped sixty-five
tons of collections to New York by sea.
Buxton left Vladivostok October 24 and
reached Moscow after twenty-one days.
On the way over Buxton fell in with some
of the American miners who have been
engaged In Mongolia by the Russo-Ch}
nese bank. They have been released for
the winter, as necessary, machinery must
be brought into the country before the
mining work can proceed.
Declines Forto Bican Bishopric.
ROCHESTER, N. Y., Dec. 8.— The Epis
copal convention, which has been in sesr
slon in this city for the past ; five days,
was brought to a close to-day with mis-,
sionary service in all of the seven Epis
copal churches in Rochester. Rev. Camp
bell Brown of West Virginia, who waa a
short time -ago elected Episcopal Bishop
of Porto Rico, has declined the appoint
ment. ::;--.:
Appointed to the Russian Embassy.
ST. PETERSBURG, Dec. 8.-^Lieutenant
Schebiko, military agent of the Russian
embassy at Washington, has been ap
pointed to the Russian embassy at Berlin.
Lieutenant Colonel Apigiff ■ will succeed
Lieutenant Schebiko at Washington. - .', '-•
Petty Prisoners Escape From Jail.
BIRMINGHAM, Ala., Dec. 8.—Thirty
nine prisoners serving sentences for minor
crimes escaped from the South Side City
Jail this afternoon by digging through, a
slxteen-inch brick wall with pocketknlves.
Five of them were captured.
Unemployed. Start Riot at Lyons.
■ LYONS, Dec. 8. — There were riots by the
unemployed here to-day. Several gen
darmes were injured. The mounted po
lice cleared the streets. Thirty, arrests
were made. .
Edward Hart, in Eulogizing
Deceased, Speaks of Sin
cerity That Marked His Life
ing the whole of his official connection
with the city of Oakland his career was
without a single spot. His memory would
be treasured, Hart concluded, as one of
the most cherished possessions of Live
Oak Lodge.
At - the close of the services the organ
ized bodies and individuals marched past
the open casket, banked by beautiful
floral pieces, out to the street and on to
the cemetery. They marched in the fol
lowing order:
■ The Funeral Procession.
Platoon of police, commanded by Captain TV.
J. Peterson and beaded by Chief Hodgkins and
Captain Wilson.
Company A of the Fifth Regiment, com
manded by Captain E. G. Hunt and Lieuten
ants Petersen and Ellis and preceded by Com
pany A's band. .
Mayor Barstow and City Attorney Johnson,
leading the members of the City Council and
other civic officers.
Fire Department, led by Chief Engineer N.
A. Ball and Assistant Chief George B. Mc-
Donald.
Masonic brothers of deceased, with the offi
cers of Live Oak Lodge.
Hearse, escorted by the pallbearers and fol
lowed by' carriages containing relatives of the
late Superintendent.
At Mountain View Cemetery the Ma
sonic burial service was recited, and the
hymns "Nearer, My God, to Thee" and
were sung by the quartet.
The pallbearers were: Louis Fleming
and Frank Price from the City Electri
cian's department, 'William Millan, C. B.
Smith and D. F. Baker from the Fire
Department and Sergeant Harry Green,
Detective George Kyte and Patrolman C.
E. Clark from the Police Department.
The honorary pallbearers ■ were: John
A. Britton, John A. Beckwith, Superior
Judge Frank B. Ogden, Walter G. Man
uel, Ben Clark and Alfred Wllkie.
The officers of Live Oak Lodge who
conducted the services are: George TV".
Dornin, worshipful master; R. "W. Meek,
senior -warden: John Marsh, junior war
den; S. P. Hall, treasurer; J. J. Warner,
secretary; the Rev. William Kelly, chap
lain; Frank K. Mott, senior deacon;
C. F. Gulick, junior deacon; Abe P.
Leach, marshal: Wager Smith, senior
steward; Harry Blasdell, junior stew
ard ; O. K. Stampley, tyler.
GBEAT MASS OF LOGS
RACES IN A RIVER
Serious Damage Is Done to Property
of Firms in Western
Washington.
TACOMA, Wash., Dec. 8.— Rains and
high water during the past week have
caused much damage to logging: opera
tions in Western Washington rivers. On
the Hamptulip River the new boom is a
complete wreck. The jam pier and sur
rounding dolphins have disappeared.
Seven hundred thousand feet of logs, a
mass half a mile long and 250 feet wide,
bore down on the immense pier, swept
everything before it and then jammed
hard on a bar. Contractor Creech and
crew were lying not over 200 feet below
where the monster mass was stopped.
A man la always welcome to what he
neither wants nor needs. -^ "
Four Christmas
■ •
Ideas for You...
Ladies' Dainty and
vIKlK tit «t» i\ i*> sturdily made
W^S^W r " m 9 D eS KS in all woods.
Hipft MUSKT 1 Everyhouse should
\va vJ U B r^k^^to have a Muslc Ca bmet.
\%& If taDmelS We have a magnifi-
*** i ft^ cent line.
i^ilSSPt EaSV These big, easy leather
fylu — --afiS fU • Chairs are good for a
% n — tT y$v vilElirS lifetime.
TLJ MM Comfortable Always useful.
($fe- — fHl-/ n t. Always orna-
]£-' . U COUene^ mental.
Indianapolis Furniture Co-
750, Mission Street.
San Francisco, Cal.
PROMISES NEW
GIFT TO PEOPLE
Carnegie to Give Ten
Millions More to
Education.
University Extension Will
Receive the Splendid
Benefaction.
CHICAGO, Dec. 9.— A dispatch to th»
Record-Herald from Washington sa>s:
Andrew Carnegie is to give $10,000,000 to
the cause of university extension In the
United States. Announcement of this
great gift to education will be made at
the White House on Tuesday. Mr. Car
negie was here' a few days ago and took
luncheon with President Roosevelt, when
details of the plan were fully discussed.
Mr. Carnegie has thought best to create
a national board to handle this munificent
benefaction. President Roosevelt will
probably name such a board for Mr. Ciif
negie, or at least set in motion the ma
chinery which shall lead to a national or
ganization.
Mr. Carnegie is expected here to-mor
row or on Tuesday and fuller details or
this gigantic enterprise will soon become
public. '
Nicholas Murray Butler, who has suc
ceeded Seth Low at the head of Colum
bia College, ha3 been here for two days,
a guest of President Roosevelt at the
White House, and he has aided in perfect
ing the plans. Mr. Butler left for New-
York at 4. o'clock this afternoon and be
fore going refused to give any particulars
beyond the information that an announce
ment would be made on Tuesday at the
White House. Mr. Butler has long been
one of the foremost champions of univer
sity extension and it is understood Mr.
Carnegie has had frequent consultations
with him concerning the enterprise.
According to the plans prepared by Mr.
Carnegie and his advisers, the national
organization is to have its headquarters
in Washington, but its operations are to
extend throughout the United States, the
work to be carried on in co-operation wlUx.
universities everywhere.
ALLEGED HYPNOTISTS
ACCUSED OP PERSECUTION
Man and Woman Arrested in Wltat
coxn on Complaint of Father
and Daughter.
TACOMA, Wash.. Dec. 8.— John Frisbia
and daughter at Whatcom have caused
the arrest of Dr. ilenzles and Mrs. Fleish
man, who are alleged to have exercised
hypnotic influence over Mrs. Frisbie .to
such an extent that she applied for and
secured a divorce while her husband wa3
In Alaska. On hi3 return he contested tho
divorce and it was annulled two weeks
ago. The Superior Court ordered Mrs.
Frisbie to stay away from Menzies, but
permitted Mrs. Fleishman to call and see
her in the presence of her daughters.
Early last week Mrs. Fleishman re
mained longer than' the daughters wished
and was asked to depart. When she de
clined Mary Frisbie struck her. She waa
arrested for assault, but aequltted. The
Frisbies then swore out warrants charg
ing Menzies and Mrs. Fleishman with ma
licious persecution for interfering with
Mrs*. Frisbie. Mrs. Fleishman waa yester
day bound over for trial. Dr. Menzies waa
taken into custody and asked the arrest
ing officer to excuse him for a moment.
He has not been seen since.
FOUND LYING UNCONSCIOUS
ON A EOAD NEAR HIS HOME
SIOUX FALLS, S. D., Dec. 8,— Fred
Pettigrew, brother of ex-Senator Petti
grew, lies in a critical condition at his
home here as the result of a mysterious
accident or assault.
Pettigrew left his house last evening
and soon afterward was found in the roa'l
near his home in an unconscious condi
tion. Two hired men who found him say
they heard the sound of a team driven
rapidly away a few minutes before. Tho
injured man has been delirious since be
ing found.
Salvini Coming to America.
ROME, Dec. 8. — After a tour of Italy.
Gabriel D'Annunzio, the dramatist, will
take "Francesca da Rimini" to the United
States, with Tomasso Salvini, the trage
dian, and Eleanor Duse.
Hungarian Society Ball.
The new Hungarian Mutual Aid Society
gave its first anniversary entertainment
and ball last night at Scottish Hall. A
programme consisting of songs and reci
tations was rendered by- Mrs. Hammel,
Mrs. Katona, Miss Irene Santo, Miss Min
nie Larsen, G. Hammel, E. Janowltz, I.
Wise, A. Schwartzenberg and Joseph
Bathory. Dancing followed.
78
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of TW San Francisco
Call, coiner of Market and Thlid streets: open
vr*<\ 12 cVlock fvery night In the year.
BrlANCH OFFtcnS— 527 Montgomery etreet
corner Clay; cr*n ut til 9:30 p. m.
SO© Hayes Ftreet: open until 9:?0 p. m.
<3S UcAlUfer Ft?-e«t; open until 9.30 p. m.
J1S La:Uin street; open until 9:30 p. m.
1541 Mit-f.ii.Ji ttreet; open until 10 p. m.
"2>A Marke* etreet. corner Sixteenth: open
crtil t p. bb. —
lt« F.levei-.h Ftwt open until 9 p. m.
3C36 Valencia street open until 9 p. m.
Kortinrest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky Ftreets: open until 9 p. m.
2200 Fillmore Ftreet; open until 9 p. m.
MEETING NOTICES.
ASYLUM of Golden Gate Commandery * * a
No. 16. K. T., Golden Gate building, iiTjj
625 Sutler .-^t.— Officers and members IBJJ
are hereby notified to assemble In full
uniform at the asylum TO-DAY, at
1 o'clock, for the purpose of attending the
funerai of our late frater. SIR ROBERT
WILSON MURPHY.
H. D. LOVELAND. Em. Com.
THEO. FROLICH, Recorder.
ASYLUM of Oo'.den Gate Commandery rf_2L«
No. 16, K. T.. 625 Slitter St.— Special TriT*
assembly THIS EVENING, at 8 lljjl
o'clock. Order of the Temple. All ~S
fraters are courteously invited.
H. D. LOVELAND. Em. Com.
THEO. FROLICH. Recorder.
MOUNT Morlah Lodge No. 44. F. and •
A. M.— Officers and members are re- _J\_
Epectfully reourfted to assemble' at the Jv3f
temple. MONDAY. De;. 8. at 2 p. m.. / V>
for the purpose of attending the obsequies
of our late brother, ROBERT WILSON
MURPHY. By order of the W. M.
THEO. FROLICH. Secy.
HERMANN Lodge No. 127, F. and A. n
M.— Called meeting this day. MON- _«_
PAY. December 9, 1901. at 7:30 p. m. tCjT
Deg. L By order of the W. M. /^r >
L. SCHUMACHER. Secretary.
KING SOLOMON'S Lodge No. 260. F. ji~
8nd A. M.. 1S39 Fi'.lmore St.— Seccnd _Jk
dojrrpf THIS EVENING. at 7:30 "« 2f
o' clock. HARRY BAEHR, Sec. />T>
MEETING of the Journeyman Barbers to-
NIGHT at 22 O'Farrell St.: special sum-
mons meeting; nomination of officers; all
ar* requested to be present. By order of
G. F. AUBERTINE, Pres.
J. R. BLEILY. Sec.
THE California Debris Commission, having re-
ceived applications to mine by the hydraulic
process from W. W. Stone Sr.. In the Red
Hill gravel min«. near Placerville, El Do-
rado County, to deposit tailings In a worked-
cut pit: from Mrs. Olivene A. Stone, in the
Gifrnac gTavel mine, near Placerville, El Do-
rado County, to deposit tailings in Webber
Creek: and from J. B. Lasslat in the Las-
siat mine, at Poker Flat. Sierra County, to
deposit tailings In a worked-out pit gives
notice that a meeting will be held at room
."8, Flood building. San Francisco. Cal.. on
December 23. 1901. at 1:30 p. m.
AGENTS WANTED.
CANVASSERS for S. F. and Alameda coun-
ties:- patent pen: 40 per cent profit. R. W.
GLENN. Frultvale.
GOOD steady agent; to right man will pay sal-
ary ard commission. BROWN. 418 Larkln st.
ASPHALTUM ROOFING.
J. PELTIER, asphalt rooflng, sidewalks re-
paired; postal 1186 Mission: teL Folsom 2477.
CITY ASPHALTUM CO.. 632 Market st— Roofs,
sidewalks, floors: cheap rates. Tel. Red 2332.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free: divorces a specialty: quick, quiet;
no charge without puccess; established 16 yrs.
Open evenings by appointment: phone John31Sl.
G. W. HOWE, E50 Market st., cor. Stockton.
ADVICE free; divorces private; bankruptcy; col-
lections : attachments : mortgages : bills of sale :
partnerships: deeds; wills drawn;fees low;open
eve's. THURSTON. 1008% Mkt.. r. 4. opp. Sth.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market st, opp. Mason.
L. S. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg.. 927 Mar-
kPt Ft.: consultation free; no feet in advance.
BOOICS XEW AND OLD.
BOOKS of every kind bought. TeL Red 2956.
HOLMES BOOK CO.. 704-706-708 Mission st
BUREAU TRUNKS.
TRUNKS of every description at bedrock
pricey. Factory and salesroom. 826 Howard.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A — $2500; LEADING country hotel of SO rooms,
dining and billiard parlors; barroom clears
all expenses and more; rent $75; S years'
lease: a splendid chance. Call R. G. WILKE,
"6H Kearny st
A— $900; SALOON. Including 8 furnished rooms;
a splendid paying business; lease; location
can't be beat; rare chance for any one. Call
R. G. WILKE. 26\j Kearny Bt.
A— fiSOO; BAKERY, including stock; rent $40;
living rooms: best location; no opposition; es-
tablished years; good paying; sickness of
otvner only cause of sale. See R, G. WILKE,
:6>-j Kearny et.
A— $300; HALF interest in one of the best pay-
ing saloons on Pacific st. t near Montgomery;
or will sell whole place for $600; partners
den't agree. R. G. WILKE, 264 Kearny st
A— $6^0; SALOON on Sansome st; rent $25; very
choicest location and a good paying business.
For particulars. R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny.
A— sioc>; CORNER saloon on Sixth Et. ; rent
J6« net; good paying business; no better lo-
cation on Sixth st. Call R. G. WILKE, 26^4
Kearay st
MILES 6i CO.. 927 Market St., room 208.
$4500 — Hotel in dairy country: always full.
SOOo — Hotel in farming country: close to city.
SCCO— Restaurant, this city; very central.
$:0OC— Saloon and building; rent $40.
A full list of all kinds business chances too
long to advertise; see us.
have all kinds of business chances — If you
want to buy, come and see our list: we can
fuH you; sellers do well to list their property
with us: we can find a buyer quick. MILES
A CO., 827 Market St., room 2C8.
STENBERG CO.. 759 Market st
Phone Black 5491.
Buys and sells real estate, furniture, lodging-
houses, restaurants, business chances of all
kinds. Phone calls promptly attended.
fSoO-PARTNER wanted in the manufacturing
business; clears $100 to $150 per month to each
partner. Call 935 Market st.. room 14.
ICECREAM parlor and candy store doing a fine
business; must be sold; price $450; call and
Investigate. Room 14. 335 Market 8t.
HEALY & HEXDERSOnT phone James 2771.
6 Eddy sn.. rooms 18 and 19.
Hotels, restaurants, lodging-houses. . grocery
Mores, cigar stores, ranches, oil lands, leases.
Money to loan on any of the above.
MrBRIDE & CO.. 765 Market st.
If vou want to buy or sell business, call at
our offlce. room 2; see our large list of dif-
ferent chances; a friendly inquiry costs noth-
Ing.
1300— c A X DY and icecream store, with living
rooms: rent 416; must sell, as the owner is
Koir.g East: established 12 years. Business
Hoard Trade, 226 Pine et.
A— FOR cigar stands that actually make money
see <:. L. HEDGES. 4C1-462 Parrott building.
FOR PALE— Saloon, 8 furnished rooms upstairs;
»lig kitehpn and dining-room: reasonable rent
and piir<". Apply between 9 a. m. and 5 p.
m.. 45 Sacramento Bt.
CHOICE corner saloon; good location. Applv
t? WE. comer of Seventh and Tolsoro ets.
FIRST-CLASS raloon with grocery, on account
of d^ath. Inquire at \nr, Folsom st.
SALOON for sale; must sell to-day. 268 O'Far-
S3r.0-WELL-ESTABLISHED clothing reno%a-
tory. Address box 2652. Call offlce.
PHOBATE falo— Grocery and bar: rood busi-
neFR location; cheap r»nt. Bids received and
full particulars at office of C. F. MOORE
' ; 25 Market st., room C. *
ACTIVE dry goods salesman with $1000 or more
can secure good investment and position with
riflne bouse. Address O. STSWART 27 Mar-
ket st.. Sat: Francisco.
FOR sale— Good teaming business with list cus-
tomers; net owner $250 month; selling account
ill health: no agents wanted. Box 2693. Call.
•irOO-PARTNER wanted in established butter
liufciness; hotel and restaurant trade; will net
tloO month each. Bex 2629. Call office.
FOR eale— A good planing mill In a lumber
vard; located in a growing town. Address
P. O. box 4:9. Healdtburg. Cal. AaQresf
$3f/'— PARTNER wanted in old established com-
missicn business. Box 26C5, Call offlce.
FOR Sale— Saloon; good location] Apply 644
Sacramento et.. room 3.
SALOON for sale, opposite the ferry. Apply
111 East ft., north of Market.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
A CAMERON & CO..
S50 Market et. and 8 Stockton st
Rooms 21. 22 and 23. Phone Bush 328.
fV-e our list of bargains.
100 r. ; cor.; rent $550: lease; fine • income;
first floor offices: best location In city $6000
7 r. : rent {12; Mission; good and neat.... 200
26 r.; rent $140: first-class room. - house. . 2250
14 r. ; r**nt ?C; residence; goedfur.; piano. 850
26 r. ; rent $90: clears $100; good fur 1800
13 r.; flnert little board, house in -city.. 1100
17 r. ; rent $45; cor.; oak fur.; clears. $100.. 850
A— NOTICB— We have rooming-houses-, all sizes
ar.d prices. In all parts of the city; get our
ii*l first MITCHELL & CO., 1206 Market st
LODGING HOUSES FOR SALE— -Con.
C4-KOOM corner house $1000
10 rooms on Eddy st £50
18 rooms on Third st 950
24 rooms, 2 fronts: clears $200 1600
33 rooms: best in the city 2000
60 rooms; sure to clear $300 3600
CALL FOR MY LIST OF BARGAINS IN
LODGING-HOUSES.
From 6 to 600 rooms; prices from $100 to
$25,000.
CALL FOR MY LIST OF BOARDING-
HOUSES.
..From 8 to 350 rooms: prices $75 to $40,000..
CALL FOR MY LIST OF HOTELS
..From 20 to iOO rooms; prices $4C0 to $50.000..
CALL FOR MY LIST OF FLATS AND
PRIVATE HOMES.
From 4 to 15 rooms: prices $200 to $200C...
CALL IF YOU WANT A HOUSE ON PAY-
MENTS.
CALL IF YOU WANT A LOAN
CALL IF YOU WANT CITY OR COUNTRY
REAL ESTATE.
CALL IF YOU WISH TO BUY
....Sell or exchange any kind of property
I CAN SUIT YOU..
......WHAT HAVE YOU TO OFFER?
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market; phono Mint 796.
A FEW SAMPLES OF OUR LARGE LIST.
Any of the following on monthly payments:
9 rooms; bargain; $50 cash, bal. payments $150
22 rooms; Income $200; elegant; bargain.. 1500
S rooms; well furnished : 400
33 rooms; grand transient location.... — ZZOO
25 rooms; good location; clears $150 1200
16 rooms; corner; part cash 1000
28 rooms; cleans $60; payments 400
S9 rooms; grand corner; clears $600 550u
CALL. WE CAN SUIT YOU.
18 rooms; respectable; clears $90 1500
20 rooms; good location; money maker... 700
MONEY LOANED PHONE JOHN 531
A. H. RETSLOFF, 906 Market st-
THE DONALD INVESTMENT CO.,
S50 Market st Tel. Davis 281.
35 rooms; swell family hotel $6500
20 rooms; cheap rent 1300
12 rooms; good location; bargain 750
21 rooms: fine fur.; very profitable." 3200
13 rooms; all light; cash.... 500
28 rooms; close In; good payer 3200
16 rooms; new building; new fur 1100
10 rooms; all furnishings good 1000
14 rooms: boarding: bargain 1200
18 rooms; paying well; boarding 2500
40 rooms; new fur.; rent $80 2000
VACANT HOUSES FURNISHED.
VACANT HOUSES FURNISHED.
DO YOU WANT A LODGING HOUSE?
IF SO
SEE
WINSTON & WOLF. 1026 MARKET ST.
(THE RELIABLE AGENTS.)
7 r. ; brand new; G. G. ave.; part cash.. -$550
11 r. : corner; offices: part cash; $10 monthly.
15 r.: corner; near Powell st $900
17 rooms; rent $30: reduced to $450
20 r. ; brand new furniture: modern bldg.
20 r. ; must sell; make offer: see this!
28 r. ; apartment house: corner $2500
SEE LIST IN EXAMINER & CHRONICLE.
18 r.; rent only $50; payments $S50
65 r. ; finest corner in city; we have it.
MARION GRIFFIN. 719 Market, nr. Call bldg.
SAMPLES FROM LIST OF 517 HOUSES.
16 r. ; modern; marble steps; grand view;
quiet; respectable: clears $60 a month — $1300
14 r. ; central: nice furnishings; clears $63. 800
13 r. ; N. Mkt.; quiet; respect.; clears $52 650 !
22 r. : Golden Gate av. ; fine; clears $79.. 1600 '
46 r. ; Sutter st. ; lst-class in each particular;
clears $200 a month over all expenses.
115 r. ; best proposition north of Market st.
FOR Sale— At Sacramento. Cal.. a second-class
hotel of 60 rooms, reading-room, dining-room,
kitchen and barroom; all the rooms rented to
steady lodgers; located on principal business
street; offered at a sacrifice, as owner's health
will not permit him to continue the business;
rent reasonable. For further particulars in-
quire of W. P. COLEMAN CO.. 325 J st.
Sacramento, Cal.
LODGING HOUSE, the finest location in this
city; 15 rooms; turn people away every night;
$450 cash; $400 can remain. 7 Grant ave.
FLAT to let; furniture for sale at a great sac-
rifice. McBRIDE & CO.. 765 Market, r. 1 & 2.
LODGING-HOUSE for sale. 21 rooms; rent $S0;
price $1000. Apply at 207 Post st.
A ROOMING house. 17 rooms: rent $30; well
filled; good location; price $425. 28^4 Clay st.
$550— SEVEN beautifully furnished rooms; new
4 months ago; rent $35.. 807 Van Ness ave.
5500— LODGING-HOUSE. 34 rooms, all filled;
rent $20. 543 Howard st.
SPIRITUALISM.
A^MRS^^DrT'fARNHAM. spiritual medium
and life reader; mining a specialty; dr. Sun..
Wed. and Friday evening. 1035 Market st.
A— C. V. MILLER, world's famous materializ-
ing medium: spirits speak face to face; seance
Tue . Fri.. Sun.. 8 p. m., 50c. 1084 Bush st
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, bus. medium:
life reader: medical, clairvoyant: sittings, $1:
letter, $2. 1164 O'Farrell St.; Ellis car.
A— PROF. GEE. 1CS Sixth St.; satisfactory
readings, SOc, $1; -circle every night, 10c.
KATIE HUESSMAN removed to 1774 15th, nr.
Guerrero; readings by mall; sittings dally.
BROCK WAY'S seance Sunday. Tuesday, Thurs-
day. 25c. 8:15 p. m.: readings dally. 1052 Ellis.
MME. THYES. 148 Sth st— Test circle to-night
only 10c; 8:15, private readings.
MME. DU PREE. 11814 Ellis, r. 4-Card read-
ing lessons given; cards marked for reading.
EDWARD EAELE, 328 Ellis, phone Polk 1601;
sittings 9:30 to 5; seance Sun. and Thurs.
FRIENDSHIP Hall, 335 McAllister-Mrs. C. J.
Meyer: sittings dally; test to all to-night 10c.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
EXTRAORDINARY! EXTRAORDINARY!
CLAIRVOYANT— PALMIST.
CLAIRVO YA NT— PALMIST.
SIR HENRY PRICHARD. *
IMrect from Hotel Cecil, London.
AS A TEST IN THE READING WILL TELL
YOUR NAME, AGE, OCCUPATION, WHOM
AND WHEN YOU WILL MARRY.
BUSINESS, LOVE. MARRIAGE. ■
Advice on business, speculation, all love and
domestic troubles, Kettles lovers' quarrels, re-
unites the separated, tells whom you will mar-
ry, how to WIN the man or woman you love,
how to overcome all enemies; gives full secret
how to control or influence any one you love
or meet: no charge unless you find him superior
to all others. Hours, 10 to 7 dally; 10 to 5 Sun-
days.
Reception rooms, .13, 14, first floor,
1104 — MARKET STREET— 1104.
Corner Turk, nearly opposite Zinkand's.
MME. M. BERNARD. ~ ~™~
THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently
located at 17 Third St., next Examiner bldg. She
reads your life correctly, gives an accurate de-
scription of the past, reveals the present hap-
penings and portrays events to occur in the fu-
ture. If you are in trouble, discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied in life, or have domestic,
love or business troubles, consult this great
medium and you will be told how to overcome
them. Valuable advice in all affairs of life;
25c up; satisfaction guaranteed. Tel. Black 4569.
THIS notice and 10c— Past, present, future,
sickness, lawsuits, troubles, family affairs,
enemies, friends, investments, speculations,
.changes, detect dishonesty, unfaithfulness,
treachery, love affairs, happy and unhappy
marriages: Just what you want to know.
607 Kearny st., parlors 1, 2, 3.
MRS. DR. F. CLARKE, the well-known trance
J medium, is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
ket st. cor. Golden Gate ave.. rooms 25 and
26; take elevator. Perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mail; send stamp for pamphlet
with special terms. Dally and Sunday.
MME. ARNDT, the great clairvoyant, tells past
and future; never falls; has the greatest Egyp-
tian secret; shows picture of future husband
or wife; 25c up; satisfaction to everybody;
cures diseases by sympathy. 215V4 Sixth st.
A— LINCOLN. CLAIRVOYANT. '
HIGH PSYCHIST.
The most wonderful clairvoyant on the coast;
he eucceeds when others fall; permanently
located at 125 Turk st. ; readings by mall. \
MME. PORTER, wonderful . clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil — second sight;
diagnoses diseases with life reading; lad'e* L0\
_gent* $1; palm, and clalr. sit. $1 50. 126 Turk.
ISMAR, the Egyptian Gipsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 1148 Market, op-
posite Sixth: private readings dally, 10 a. m. '
to 6 p. m. Sundays from 10 to 12 a. m.
A— MISS M. WILLE. 326A EJlls: clairvoyant,
eryetal seer: reads your life correctly without
ques.; full names, S0c.-$l; 10 a. m. to 8 p. m.
BROOKS. 1206 Market— Suite 34 and 35; won-
derful clairvoyant and trance medium; read-
Ings, Jl & $2; readings by mall; sattsfac. guar.
MRS. B. Baumann. well-known fortune teller,
has removed from 222 Eddy to 407 O'Farrell.
MME. WALTERS, great card readerTladie725c;
gents 50c. 951 Mission, nr. 6th; open Sundays.
MRS. MALLORY. 917 Howard, clairvoyant "and
spirit card reader; consult me; L. 25c; G. SOc.
PRINCESS ISHMAEL. wonderful astrologlsT;
tribe Alohobar. lOOS'/fe Mkt. 2d floor, hrs. 10-9.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant card reader; la-
dies 25c; gents SOc; readings daily. 132 Sixth.
MRS. MELVILL, well-known clairvoyant, water
reader. 11 6th; German spoken: tel. Jessie 1563.
MME. AUGUST, clslrvoyant reader; palm:stry;
truth or up pay; 25c. 1149 Mission, over store.
U^ E - RAVENNA reads life fluently: business
advice: names given: 25c up. 5 Fourth st
CHlROl'OBlSTg. ~
Ingrowing toenails, bunions and (corns cured
painless) r.o knife. Dr. Brown, graduated chl-
ropodist. Indorsed by med. prof'n. 304 Stocktor.
COLLECTION OFFICES. -
COLUMBIAN Law and Collection Agency ; ' 6th
floor: 916 Market st: advlca free. Tel. Bush
1S4; able body of attorneys.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, DECEMBER 9, 1901.
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor vrork
tend to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works, 353-357 Tehama Et. ; teL South 40.
MODERN CO.: steam cleaning, 3c; laying;
cleaning on floor. Phone Mint 301; 923 Mission.
AMERICAN Carpet-beating Works— Cleaning,
3c; renovated, relaid. 104 14th st. ;tel.Capp 2512.
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st. ;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM*& CO.. Prop.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. l T fl3 Harrison st; tel. Mission 263.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-cleaning Works;
333 pclden Gate ave.: telephone East 126.
CITY Steam • Carpet-beating Works. G. H.
STEVENS. Mgr.. 38-40 Sth st: tel. South 250.:
J. E. MITCHELL. Carpet-cleaning and Reno-
vatlng Co.. 240 14th st : tel. Mission 74.
COTTAGES TO LET.
THIRTIETH. 340— Four-room cottage; sanitary
Improvements.
5 ROOMS: latest Improvements; $10. 1229
Cortland ave.
DENTISTS.
A— DR. T. S. HIGGINS. 927 Market st. Emma
Spreckels bldg.— Painless dentistry at reason-
able prices: pure gold fillings, $1 50; other flll-
iners. $1: gold and porcelain crowns, $5 up;
plates, a full set of teeth that look, natural
and guaranteed, $5 up.
Painless extraction.
I do first-class work only and guarantee It
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions or fillings by my
' wonderful secret, painless method; 20 years'
experience: no students; advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
_DT{. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st.
ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. S09 Market, cor.
4th. rm. 7. Flood bldg.. extractions done pain-
lessly; teeth without plates our specialty; gold
crowne. $3 50 up; plates, extractions free, $4 50
up; offlce hours. 9 a. m. to 9 p. m. ; Sundays,
9 to 2. J. W. THATCHER. P.P.. S., Manager.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone — cannot break;
warranted 20 years; crowns $3 50; fillings SOc;
plates $5, full set; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth.
AT Ideal Pental Co., 6 Eddy st— Work done
on weekly Installments; lowest rates.
PARIS Pental I\\rlors, 235 Kearny,. cor. Bush-
Full set of teeth. $4; crowns, $3; fillings, 25c.
LOWEST prices In S. F. ; painless extraction,
SOc. N. Y. PentlstJ. 969 Mission, SE. cor. 6th. j
YOU can save 40 per cent on dental work by
going to PR BROWN. 54 Sixth st.
SET of teetii without plate. Dlt H. G.
YOUNG. 1841 PoU et
DR.R.L. WALSH. 815?4 Geary, nr. Larkin— Pain-
less extraction, 50c: plates $5 up; phone Polk 1133.
DR. H. G. TRUMAN, dentist, third floor. Ex-
aminer building; formerly in Murphy bldg.
DOG HOSPITALS.
DR. CREELY'S C. P. dog soap by druggists
or at the Hospital. 510 Golden Gate ave. -
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Mfllinery School-
Class rates; patterns cut. 1019 Market st.
FRENCH accordian and knife pleating. WM.
PILGER. 121 Post, over O'Connor & Moffatt.
educational!
H^AL^S^C^O^nrOF^KL^C^Klc^CL^ENGlT |
NEERING — Theory, demonstration, construc-
tion; laboratory, and shop work; thoroughly
practical; day and night. 24 Post St., S. V. ;
catalogue free. • ,
AYRES 1 Leading Business College, 723 Market—
$8 per month; $50 life scholarship guarantees a
complete business education; shorthand, typ-
ing, bookkeeping, arithmetic,, penmanship,
spelling, Spanish, etc: experienced teachers;
new typewriters; positions secured; cat. free.
HEALD'S SCHOOL OF MINES, 24 POST ST.,
S. F.— Thorough courses; complete equipment:
all subjects pertaining to mining and mining
engineericjr; day and night: catalogue free.
A — THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory |
EChool for the university, law and medical col-
leges; references, President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
A— The official reporters of theSupremeCourt ad-
vise their friends to attend the GALLAGHER-
MARSH COLLEGE. Is this advice worth fol- i
lowing? Life scholarship $50; catalogue.
CALIFORNIA Business College; most thorough
modern methds; positions for all graduates;
new 60-page catalogue free. 305 Larkin st
MERRILL-MILLER College— Shorthand, typ-
lng, practical bookkeeping. Rooms 40-45, Par-
rott bldg.; individual instruction; catalogue.
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec, mlning.mech.sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day, eve.; est. 1864. Van
der Nalllen School, 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
BOOKKEEPING, figures; the one man who per-
fects beginners, college graduates & bookkeep- j
ers is TARR, the expert, 220 Parrott building.
ACTING, elocution, specialties; Hallett School,
associated with theatrical agency securing po-
sitions. Alcazar building, 120 O'Farrell st.
A FULL course of Ellis bookkeeping and the
Gregg shorthand costs only $60. San Fran-
cisco Business College. 1236 Market st
A— Miss Bolte's School. 2734 Pine Bt; board; :
Eng., French. German, music; $30 mo.; coach.
MARY P. WESTHAUS, piano, mandolin, guitar
lessons, 50c; piano for practice. 39 Fifth st.
VAUDEVILLE School of Acting— Pupils pre-
pared for the stage. 125 Mason st
Violin, mandolin, guitar. Prof. MERKI, good,
teacher. 100S Mission; instruments selected.
SPANISH taught; correct pronunciation; terms
moderate. J. H. GARCIA, 704 Sacramento st.
LEO Cooper's School of Acting, 814 Geary St.;
day and even, classes; send for new circular.
ENGLISH. Latin, Mathematics. Literature a
specialty. MISS ROULSTON, 776 O'Farrell st.
Chicago Business College, 1435 Market, nr. 10th—
Pitman shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, $6 mo.
ILLUSTRATION— PARTINGTON'S DAY and
ILLUSTRATION— night class. 424 Pine St.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post st, S. F.;
founded 1863; new 80-page catalogue free.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc. ; day or eve. ; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call, '
16 pages. In wrapper for mailing. $1 per year.
E^IPL«TYMENT OFFICES.
A— JAPANESE reliable house cleaning; 'also
cooks and waiters furnished at short notice.
George Kinochlta. 1233 Page St.: tel. Fell 8501, j
br'ch 605 Stevenson, cor. 7th; tel. Folsom 2711.
JAPANESE and Chinese help of all kinds;
cooks, waiters and house servants. GEO.
AOKI & CO.. 421 Post st; tel. Bush 135.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
flce; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 5188.
JAPANESE Intelligence Offlce— Furnish most
reliable help. E24 Bush et; tel. Bush 616.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese, Chi-
nese help. 426 Powell, nr. Sutter :tel. Black 5072.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED FEMALE.
A COMPETENT woman for institution or hos^
pltal desires position. MRS. LAMBERT, 418
Powell st; tel. Main 5332. • ,, .
A RESPECTABLE woman as nurse by the
week or month; would care for Invalid; good
reference. Call before 8 p. m., 828 Geary St.
A WOMA¥ wants a situation as a good cook,
or will do housjwork; willing and obliging.
452 Clementina st.
A COMPETENT woman wishes for a situation
in a private family as cook; best of city refer-
ences can be given. Apply 130S% Page st. -
A YOUNG woman wishes situation; house-
work. cooking. 707 Minna st.
GERMAN woman wishes place to work and as-
sist or can do plain cooking. Address 22 Page.
WOMAN who has a baby wishes position to do
housework. Address K., 1941 Mission st.
REFINED young woman wants half day's
employment mornings. Box 2648, Call offlce.
A YOUNG girl to assist with housework and
take care of children. Call 124 Eighth St.
SWEDISH woman wishes to work by the day
washing, or housecleanlng. 150A Tehama st.
PERSONS wishing their children cared for by
the hour or day at their own homes while
attending teas, operas or other social func-
tions, will find a competent nurse at 1402 Mc-
Allister St.; phone Page 1528.
LADY would like a position as companion to
an elderly or Invalid lady, or would be will-
ing to be housekeeper for an elderly couple*
reference. Box 1509. Call offlce.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St.. near Mar-
■ ket— 200 rooms; 25c to $1 60 per night; $l 50 to
$6 week; convenient and respectable; rree
bus and baggage to anl from ferry.
LADY with a boy of 4 would like position as
housekeeper, f care of children, sewing, studies
and music. E. A., 3 Belvedere st.'-
RESPECTABLE woman wants a situation as
working housekeeper; has goad references.
3392 Twenty-second, St., near Guerrero.
A COLORED woman wishes housework: a good
all-round cook; best of references. 1043 Pa-
clfic st. -
LADY would like a laundry offlce to keep
Address MRS. PARKER, 1219 Mission st.
SWEDISH girl wants a position to do house-
work; wages $25. Call at 160 Fourteenth st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce, 2200 Fillmore st
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
Fubscriptlons has been established at 1096
Valencia st.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— MALE. ,
FIRST-CLASS coachman and valet; single,
neat Bppearance; sober; uses no tobacco; will-
ing and obliging; expert horseman and driver;
very best references. Address box 2633. Call:
YOUNG man about 30 wishes situation 'to 'do
honorable indoors work; bond if necessary;
small salary to start no object; understands
Spanish. Box 2691, Call.
! YOUNG man would like to have light position,
cigar stand Dref erred, to wo»k at after
school. Box 2650, Call. ■ ■
COACHMAN, formerly from near Newport,
R. I., American, married, of neat appear-
ance, positively sober, no bad habits; first-
class driver; thoroughly understands the feed-
ing and conditioning of fine knows
how they should be shod to keep them sounl
and have good action; can ride and gait fine
saddlers; care of harness, saddles, bridles,
steel bits and chains: can use composition
".and different saddle and harness dressings;
' Eastern and California references. Address
box 25S1. Call. '."■•• ■ ' ■
POSITION "wanted by reliable man: thoroughly
understands the care of horses; careful driver:
milk; care of garden: generally useful; good
-references. P, S.. ZVA Harrison ave., off
Folsom st. i . " ■ ■
WANTED— Situation by middle-aged man cap-
able and willing to work; good, flgurer and
accountant, as porter in wholesale house,
bookkeeper, timekeeper or such where trust-
worthy man is required. Box 2645. Call. '
A SOBER young man (Scandinavian) wishes
work about place as choreman; care of horses,
cows and raise poultry; city or country. Box
2C11, Call offlce. ■
CHRISTIAN young man of 26, with general
mercantile exoerience. as collector, offlce
arslsiant or anything else; will furnish bond.
Address box 2585. Call. .■ ■
WANTED— By competent and trustworthy man
(married) to take charge of vineyard or ranch;
references. Address 386 Forty-fifth St.. West
Oakland. ■■;. .. :"■■■ j • '
BOY. 18 years of age, wishes situation to work
in store or drive small delivery wagon; good
recommendation. 1286 Eddy st.
SITUATION wanted by a young man in some
kind of of See work; 3 years' experience as
4 bill clerk; best of references. Box 2616, Call.
STEWARD, long experience, country hotel or
mine boarding-house: good buyer; Al meat
cutter. Box 2626. Call offlce. ■
A .YOUNG man wishes position around private
place; familiar with livestock and gardening;
. good references. Box 2634, Call offlce.
YOUNG man, Danish, reliable and sober,
wishes work of any kind; not acquainted In
city. Box 2600, Call.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st. , ■
EXCHANGE.
WANTED to exchange— Property in the country
for lodging-house. Box 2624, Call offlce.
PACIFIC Coast Underwriting Co. (Inc.)— We
have 42 offices In operation; new method of
placing stocks and bonds; companies lncor-
•porated; stocks and bonds underwritten. Call
or address main offlce, 507-8-9 Parrott bldg.
COMPANIES promoted and : financed, stock
taken In payment for servlcee; good mining
, and Industrial propositions wanted: gold
bonds furnished. PACIFIC STATES MINING
AND INVESTMENT CO.. 326 Post St.
TO LET.
NEW upper 6-room flat, finished attic; fine lo-
cation, view and grounds; northwest corner
Waller and Portola, bet. Pierce and Stelner.
A— SUNNY 4 rooms; warm belt. 39 Julian ave.,
bet. 14th and loth. Mission and Valencia sts.
1472 ACRES farming land; $10 per acre. Box
2692, Call offlce.
ELEGANT new sunny flat, 8 rooms. 874 Eddy
St., near Van Ness ave.
MODERN lower flat of 5 rooms and bath; rent
$16. 1939% McAllister st.
O'FARRELL, 1935— Modern flat, 6 sunny rooms,
bath, yard and basement; reasonable.
SUNNY corner 7 rooms, bath; very desirable;
perfect order; $32 month. 1S00 O'Farrell st.
VALENCIA, 549, bet. 16th and 17th-$17 50;
cheapest flat in city; 5 sunny rooms, bath.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call; 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for SI.
FLATS TO LET — FURNISHED.
REFERENCE; couple wanted to rent a new
furnished flat 3 rooms & bath; $18. 1614 Jones.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak, $48 50, with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co., 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE WANTED.
WILSON buys all kinds of household goods.
1710 Market st. ; tel. South 413.
A. WOLLPERT, 773 Mission St., pays highest
price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1354.
A. L. STORRS. 634 Ellis St.; telephone Larkln
2782; highest price paid for furniture, carpets.
TEL. Jessie 761 before selling furniture, car-
pets, pianos, etc. CHAS. LEVY, 1135 Market.
GLOVES.
CHRISTMAS present— Danlcheff glove order;
factory price guar.; kept in repair. 121 Grant.
HELP WANTEp---FEMALE.
Mi£s?'ar^^AY"&^^
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Head waitress, $30; 8 waitresses, city and
country hotels, $20 and $25; restaurant wait-
ress. $7: chambermaid. $20: 3 chambermaids to
wait, $20; woman cook, $35.
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
2 cooks, 'city, $30; housegirls for Alameda,
Berkeley, San Rafael and city, $25; nurseglrl,
$25; second girl, $20; ' woman with a child,
country, $20, choice place; many choice places
for experienced young housegirls of all na-
tionalities, best wages.
MRS. M. E. DAY & CO 335 Geary Bt
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S 104 Geary st.
4 waitresses, flrst-class country hotel, $25
and fare paid
2 waitresses for commercial hotel, country,
$20, see party here
• C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary st.
AT MRS. LAMBERT'S, 418 Powell st—
Institution cook, $40; laundress, institution,
$35; waitress, private family, $30.
WANTED — Competent rirl for second work
and waiting at table; wages $25. 2321 Bu-
chanan St.
FIRST-CLASS cook wanted for small family;
wages $35. Call between 11 and 2 or after 5
p. m., 1809 California st. t
WANTED — By a family of 2, competent girl
for general housework and cooking; wages
$25, 2940 California st.
SWEDISH or German for cooking or general
housework; family of 3; wages $25; refer-
ences. Call 71 Pierce St.. 9 a. m.
EXPERIENCED saleslady for fancy goods.
MARKS BROS., 1212-1214 Market St.
GOOD pants finishers; good pay; call ready to
work. 1000 Harrison St., corner Sixth. .
WANTED— Experienced waitresses; permanent
positions; good pay; no fee. ■ 127 Mason st.
GIRL or middle-aged woman for light house-
_work; good home. 1105% Fourthjt
WANTED— Girl ~to~~assist in housewoTk and
plain cooking. 119* Ellis st.
OPERATORS on vests and buttonhole makers;
hand sewing; good wagos. 641^ Stevenson st.
GIRL to assist In housework; no small chil-
dren; wages $12. 1523 Ellis st. •
WANTED— A buttonhole hand on custom
coats: steady place. 117 Russ st. . ■
WANTED— A neat waitress. Call 2 Eighth
street. J ' ... ■
GIRL wanted for downstairs work; must be
good cook; wages $25. 1180 O'Farrell st.
GIRL wanted for tailoring, experienced In
dressmaking. 883 Halght st .
FINISHERS on custom coats; also apprentice
girls. 304 Tehama st.
YOUNG girl for housework; no small children.
1023 O'Farrell st. "
SALESLADY wanted, fancy goods store. Ap-
ply 1400 Stockton st. - ■
YOUNG *irl for general housework; 4 in fam-
ily, adults. 1930 Sutter st. ■
RESTAURANT waitress wanted. $8 week.
People's Restaurant. 631 Clay st.
WANTED— A girl to do housework and plain
cooking. , 825 Golden Gate ave. ■
TAILORESS wanted on custom coats; steady
| work ; good pay. 533 Natoma st
WANTED— A young lady who is an experi-
enced wrapper and a young lady who- Is an
experienced cashier. Apply between 8 and
ll.a. m r at HALE BROS'. ' ..■
WANTED— Experienced salesladies. Apply, be-
tween 8 and 11 a. m., at HALE BROS*.
PROTESTANT middle-aged woman wanted for
i general housework; small wages; good home
i with references. Apply at j 1608 Lyon st.
MAN or woman who thoroughly understands
• running a flrst-class dining-room. Box 2647,
Call offlce. ■
NEAT cook and houseworker for -3 adults;
work light Call Vonday. 2700 California st.
A LADY. to assist in giving baths. , Call after
2 p. m., 116 Taylor st.
OPERATOR on vests Monday; good wages. 407
■ Turk st, . ■ •. • >'v~37- S •
HELP WANTED-—^Ej^LE— Cjon.
W ANTED^Wo¥klNG^n?L^^ L WOMEN to
- 'learn hair dressing, manicuring, electrical
. face massage, shampooing, dyeing and bleach,
ing, etc.; full course, 3 weeks; tuition $5; posi-
tions positively guaranteed; 4 good positions
i»» fine stores now open to those entering im-
mediately. S. F. HAIRDRESSING COL-
LEGE, first and only school of the kind on
Pacific Coast; all others are imitators. S. F.
Hairdressing College, 233 Geary, rooms 13-15.
GIRLS'. California Hairdressing College. We
teach the 20th century profession for women;
all branches taught, including the hydrovacu
and Pack-Pague treatments; latest methods;
special rates; visitors welcome. Supreme
Court bldg., 305 Larkln st. ; take elevator.
WANTED— Badly freckled young or middle-
■ aged woman of otherwise resoectable ap-
pearance to act as demonstrator at these
parlors after free treatment: eood wages:
pleasant position. Room 52, Columbian bldg.
(opposite Emporium). .
EXPERIENCED bookkeeper and stenographer;
references required. L. SAMTER & SON,
518 Market st.
GIRLS, be independent: entire course in hair-
dressing; 3 weeks, I $5; materials furnished.
633 Ellis st. ground floor. ' . ■ ■
10 LADIES for concert hall in country. Call
906 Market st., room 17.
WANTED— Experienced girls: also apprentices
in bookbindery. Brown & Power Co.. 508 Clay.
WANTED — Services of a refined woman, who
has tact in meeting strangers. Box 2637, Cali.
TWO girls to run foot power sewing machines.
E. H. LEVY. 613 Market st.
WANTED— Waitress at 426 Geary street
CLASSIFIED advertisements anl subscriptions
' received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions « has ' been, established at 1096
Valencia st.
HELP \VANTED— MALE. I
A— MURRAY & READY Phone Main 6848
...Leading Employment and Labor Agents...
OFFICE OPEN 7 A. M. MONDAY
Bright young man for a lumber company
15 farm hands and plow teamsters.... $26 to $30
Cheesemaker and milker; 5 milkers
Old man to do chores; stableman $50
25 woodchoppers 25 tiemakers
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
2 restaurant waiters. $40; cook, country ho-
tel, $40; butcher and drive wagon, $30; 9 cooks,
■city and country; 3 waiters, country hotels; 7
kitchen hands and dishwashers; dishwasher
and assist cook, $30 :
• MURRAY & READY... 634-636 Clay st
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S 104 Geary st
25 tunnelmen, header, cornermen, drillers and
muckers for Chatsworth • Park. $2 to $2 50
a day free fare
10 laborers, city $2 a day
HOTEL DEPARTMENT.
Butcher, first-class hotel, $60; baker and pas-
try cook, country hotel, $60.
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary st.
TWO wagon and carriage smiths, $3 to $3 50
day; planerman, $2 50 day; band sawyer, $2 50
day; edgerman. $2 25 day; cutoff sawyer,
$2 25 day; milker and wife, $50 and house
rent; poultryman and wife, $50 and found;
farmer and wife, $10 and found; American
milker for 12 cows, $25 and found; bootblack
for country, $10 week; errand boys; wood-
choppers; .eoiks.'.-, waiters and others, J. F.
CROSETT '& £f>-- 628 Sacramento St.
■ -jy ■
AT W. D. EWJSR & CO.'S, 610 Clay st.
Gardener and Care 3 horses, private place,
country, $25; farmer for vineyard, $22; 2 plow
hands, $26; milker. $30; driver milk wagon,
$30; cabinet maker; basket maker; machine
lathe hands; cooks, waiters and dishwashers.
WANTED — Reliable young man with $75 to $123
cash; light indoor work; $15 week; steady
place; no experience; only those . meaning
business need apply. BROWN, 1221 Market.
COOKS, man and wife, to cook for mining
company; wages $50 month. Apply 904 Claus
Spreckels building, Monday, 11 a. ro.
WANTED— A steady man for light plain busi-
ness; will pay $15 per week; must have $100
cash. Apply 765 Market st, room 3.
GOOD lunch waiter at 682 Sixth st. .. }
BLACKSMITH'S helper wanted. 437 Francisco
street.
DISHWASHER wanted at 506 Howard st.
WAITER wanted. $30 and found; union house.
Sixteenth and Folsom sts.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. G63 Mission st, bet. 1st and 2d sts.
CHOPPER wanted at once. HENRY HILP.
102-4-6 Battery st.
WANTED — Apprentice boy to learn • Jewelry
trade. A. L. OTT. 121 Post St. .
MAN to work nights who understands cooking.
1436 Polk st.
WAITER wanted at 465-467 Valencia st.
WANTED — A boy to take and deliver orders for
meat market. Box 2651, Call offlce.
YOUNG man handy with tools to learn barber
trade. 532B Third st.
BRIGHT, honest boy to sell cakes and assist
in bakery. Address box 2649, Call offlce.
STEADY man with $250 cash can make $100
month. Apply at 209 Kearny st, room 1.
$100 CASH— Good-paying 2-chalr shop with liv-
ing rooms. 1025 Howard st.
WANTED— Recruits for the marine corps, U.
S. navy; able-bodied, unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of 21 and 35; not
less than 5 feet 4 inches and not over 6 feet 1
inch; able to speak and read English. For
further information apply at the Recruiting
Offlce. 40 Ellis st.. San Francisco.
WANTED — Experienced tool room. man for ma-
chine shop; must understand how to make
and systematically care for tools. Apply at
505 Mission St.
MEN. to learn barber trade; only eight weeks
required; tools donated; positions guaranteed;
catalogue free. MOLER BARBER COL-
LEGE. 635 Clay st
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third st. ; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
WANTED — Young man who is a flrst-class silk
and dress goods salesman. Apply between 8
and 11 a. m. at HALE BROS.
WANTED— Young man who is an experienced
wrapper. Apply between 8 and 11 a. m. at
HALE BROS. .
WANTED — Sailmaker who understands awning
and 'tent making; good wages. 1139 Mission.
ABLE solicitors can earn $100 per week on our
propositions. A. E. Co., 1413 Call building.
GOOD boy to learn harness-making; $2 50 week.
12S8 Folsom st.
EXPERIENCED, florist. 1441 Polk st.
WANTED— Physician for special practice. Box
2603. Call offlce.
BARBER shop, 2 chairs steady, for sale cheap.
803 Kearny st
600 MEN to buy new and 2d-hand army shoes
SOc up; soling 20o up. 923 Howard st.. nr. 5th.
SAILORS, ordinary, for ships for all parts of
the world. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st.
FOR SALE— Barber shop, 3 chairs. Apply 107U
Fifth st. ■ :
GET your shoes half-soled •while 'waiting; 25o
to EOc. E63 Mission et, bet 1st and 2d sts.
McDONALD & PERRY have 500 pairs second-
hand shoes for sale; 60c up. 241 Third st
YOUNG men to learn barber trade; catalogue
mailed. S. F. Barber College, 741A Howard.
PENSION atty., E. A. Bullis, 3. 40, Phelan
big. Past com. Geo. H. Thomas Post. G. A, R.
WINCHESTER Houre. 44 Third st, near Mar-
ket— 700 rooms, 25c »:lght; reading rooms; free
"bus and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce, 2200 Flllmore St..
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
Fubscriptlons has been established at 1033
Valencia »t.
; HORSES AND WAGONS.
DO not fall to attend the special auction sale
Wednesday, Dec. 11. at 11 a. m., at the Ar-
cade Horse Market, 327 Sixth st JOHN J.
DOYLE. Auctioneer.
ONE second-hand undertaker's wagon, one 1-
horse truck, one 12-passenger carriage. CAR-
VILL MFG. CO.. 48 Eighth St
FULL line German Government horses always
"n hand. JOHN H. H ALTON. 1732 Market
SOME fine gentle carriage and driving horses
for sale at 721 Howard st.
A BARGAIN in good carriage, saddle, business
and road horses. DALZIEL, 605 G. G. ave.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
. etc.. cheap. EGAN & SON. 2117 Mission st.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single; also light
camping wagon for. sale,' cheap. 532 Mission.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
■ Call, 16 pages, sent to any address in the
Unjted States or Canada one year for $1.
. HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
KEARNY, 1555, near Greenwich— Small house. 5
■ rooms: rent $8; water fr^|. Key 1567 Kearny.
' HOUSES. TO LET— FURNISHED.
A— FOR sale— The furniture of an 8-room mod-
ern flat; everything choice and new; rent rea-
sonable.' Call 1020 Ellis st. ; phone East 283.
LOST AND FOUND.
T n<?T— Ttetween Sixteenth and Mission, Four-
L ?e S emh B a e nI Howlrd. chatelaine bag containing
two purses, money and keys. Finder Plea?*
return to 1830 Howard st. and receive liberal
reward^ \
LOST-Golden Gate Park. Dec. 8, a black cock-
er spaniel dog. answering to name of Frisky
Tom: name on collar: liberal reward. MRS.
H. PLAOEMANN. 317 Larkln st.
LOST-1 single spring wagon. No. «;f{;P» lnt -
ed red. and bay mare. Return 518 Clay st.
and receive reward.
name of HARRIET WOOD No. 62-247. The
finder will please return to bank.
LOST-A pass book with the Hibernla Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, in the
name of MARGARET H° LLICY - t^l°i,^?: oS1 -
The finder will please return to the bank.
VERY small lady's chatelaine watch; J. R. on
back. 623 O'Farrell st.; reward. ;
LOST-In San Francisco Bay. near Point San
Ouentin a large net. A reward of *M wm
g^ paid for it/retu* to San Quentin or In-
formation leading to Its recovery by JOHN
GEORGE and ANDREW SOFICHICI.
LO3T-A pass book with the Hibernla Saving*
and Loan Society of San Francisco in the
name of France Li Schwab No 216-lool. tne
• finder will please return to bank.
LOST-A pass book with the Hibernia Savlnss
and Loan Society of San Francisco in the
name of Daniel Boynan, No. 203-<64; the
finder will please return to bank.
$20 REWARD— Gold. hunting case watch, scal-
loped edge, name engraved. 2111 Hearst ave..
Berkeley. ■' ■ - _
$20 REWARD— Palace of Art 16 Post, round
magnifying glass; broken rim; no questions.
IT will pay to "Remember" that the Califor-
nia Watch Case Co.. 220 Sutter st. needs old
gold and silver to make new watch cases.
aiATKIMONIAL.
GENTLEMEN wishing to marry wealthy
ladles send 10c for list. Mrs. Hertz. 706 Ellis.
MATTRESSES AND PILLOWS.
TO order, also cleaned and sterilized, uphol-
stery; Al carpet cleaning: honest work guar-
anteed. HOPKE BROS.. 411 to 415 PoweU St.;
tel. Bush 421. ' ,,*.■
MIXES AND MINING.
WANTED— Partner with $500 to develop paying
gold quartz lode. Box 2621, Call offlce.
MEDICAL. v
DR." O'DONNELL— All who are sick and in
trouble call and consult the specialist My
medicines have been used for many years by
thousands; the unfortunate helped; relief In all
cases taken; the most obstinate cases have
been relieved by my medical treatment; free
confidential advice on all subjects of a deli-
cate nature; all classes of female complaints
treated; relief to the longest cases. DR. G.
W. O'DONNELL. 1018 Market St., opp. Fifth.
A— Dr. & Mrs. Sweet is a graduate of the Royal
" University of Berlin; has had 25 years' expe-
rience in midwifery cases; has opened strictly
private sanitarium at her own residence. 608
Guerrero, nr. 18th; takes ladles before & dur-
ing confinement, with best of motherly care:
$15; room & board, $4; infants adopted; every
case guaranteed to be restored to best of
health; advice free; phone Blue 411.
MRS. M. WEGENER. ladles' physician, has
returned from the East and resumed business;
home in confinement. 210 Eddy ■ st, near
Taylor, formerly of 1312 Golden Gate ave.
MRS. D. WYETH— Reliable ladies' specialist;
30 years' experience in midwifery cases; pri-
vate home before and during confinement. 410
O'Farrell st, near Taylor; hours 9 to 5.
MRS. DR. GOODWIN, ladles' physician; well-
known and reliable; home for patients before
and during confinement. 906 Market, opp. 4th.
THE original MRS. DAVIES Is still located at
1223 Market; maternity home provided; offlce
hours 10 a. m. to 4 p. m. and 6 to 8:30 p. m.
HINDOOHERB and MRS. DAVIES' original
method of treatment; maternity home; home
in confinement 1126 Market St.. S. F.
MRS. D. ALLEN. 1118 Market— Reliable ladles'
specialist; a private home before and during
confinement; b,est medical care; low fees.
DR. NG TOY KEE. 210 Stockton St.. opposite
Union square; all diseases cured by herbs.
MISCELLANEOUS — FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
IXTOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont at.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, restaurant and po-
ker tables, barroom chairs, linoleum, new and
second hand; we always have a large stock of
saloon outfits on hand; 32 complete outfits on
one floor, ready made; we can ship everything
in 24 hours. J. NOON AN." 1017. 1019, 1021. 1023
Mission st, above Sixth; write for catalogue.
LOT machine shop tools, lathes, planers, snap-
ers, etc.; also good working tools, such as
hand saws, wood planers, shapers, stickers,
mortlsers, saws, etc. J. B. JARDINE, 220
Fremont st.
ATTENTION, printers— Now on wharf, ex New
York, drum Cottrell and 4-roller. 2-revolution.
front-delivery Campbell; rebuilt. Hadwen-
Swaln MfK. Co.. 2l» Spear st.
MATTING and Bamboo Furniture Wholesale
and Retail; Special for * Xmas; Children's
Toy Furniture Se*.s.
UYEDA CO.. 422 and 424 Geary st
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear, machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear st.
BARGAINS In guaranteed second-hand Na-
tional Cash Registers; easy monthly pay-
ments. Room 313, third floor. Emporium bldg.
SEALSKIN: bust 3S; finest condition and
quality; $100; originally cost more than
double. Box 2067, Call offlce.
A— $3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats, $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters, 330 Kearny st, near Pine.
FINE' suits. $10: dress pants. $2 73. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery St.
• FOR sale— Fox terrier pups. 567 Sixth st.
CANARY birds; rollers and other good singers
cheap at LOHM ANN'S. 3168 Sixteenth st.
BOATS, launches, rowboats carried In stock.
BAKER & HAMILTON.
GASOLINE engines, all sizes, new and 2d-hand.
and launches. J. E. DOAK, 396 Mission st
ENGINES and boilers; second-hand machinery.
J. BURKE, 139 Beale st.
8 HP. boiler and engine. "Kconomlzer" pattern,
complete. $173 f.o.b. H. S. White. BIS Mission.
FINE sealskin, nearly new, $S5. New Munid-
pal Loan Offlce, 617 Washington st.
LOCOMOBILE, nearly new; will sell cheap:
owner going East. Box 2346. Call offlce.
THOROUGHBRED ereyhound pups. male, fe-
male. $10 each; fawn, brlndle. K. C.. 19 Polk.
TURQUOISE diamond ring worth $30. only $28.
Portland Loan Offlce. 25 Stockton st
FAIRBANKS' 10-ton hay scales; Jeweler's steel-
■ lined safe, perfect order. 216 California st.
SAFES — New and second hand. THE HER-
MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
1ST-CLASS 2d-hand modern engines and boilers
bought, sold. Krogh Mfg. Co.. 9 Stevenson.
NEW Singer sewing machine;' 5 drawers; oak;
complete: cheap. 1915 Mission, near Fifteenth.
JEWELRY for sale; diamonds, precious stones
bought T. Fershtand. 12S Kearny st, rm. 23.
BAR outfits, showcases: all lengths and sizes.
JACOB SCHWERDT. 821 Mission st.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving pic-
tures. BULLARD & BRECK. 12\ Post at.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS. '
WANTED— A second-hand steam boiler" 13 i to
20 H. P., economizer or marine type; must
be in good order: also second-hand steam
winch for handling lines. Apply 405. Call bldg.
USE piano for storage: good care; no children-
responsible. Box 2657. Call offlce.
! I WILL pay cash for one or two fine large
diamonds. Box 2609. Call offlce.
WANTED — Second-hand billiard or pool tables
Address L. C, box 2601, Call offlce.
WILL pay cash and good prices for old seal-
sklns. Box 1205. Call offlce.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 9th st. ; tel. Folsom 2522.
LADIES' & gents' good 2d-hand clothing bought
&sold. Sllverman. 984 Folsom ;tel.Folsom 1191.
BIG prices paid for sealskins, full dress & Tux-
edo suits. Portland Loan Offlce, 23 Stockton.
2 MONEY TO LOAN. —
$4,500,000 at lowest rates..? *'
on first and second mortgages **.'""
..Life interests In estates... "'
.'..Property being held in trust """*
. Undivided interests in real estate
..Life insurance policies, estates In probate"
i™?!* 1 . .^^Ve^Mo^neV "* >tZe ' ::
See HERMAN MURPHY. 603 Examine'r' bids!
AA-MANHATTAN LOAN CO. (Inc ) ■ •
$300, COO at 5% , & 6 "per cent In sums to suit;
City, Oakland. Town and Country property :
Second mortgages, life insurance and securil
ties; loans on unsettled estates, undivided in-
terests In real estate and legacies; will pur-
chase above securities. Tel. Red 5024 MA\
HATTAN LOAN CO.. 7th floor. Crocker bldg.
ANY AMOUNT AT 6 PER CENT '■ +
First, second and third mortgages
Undivided interest, in real estate ln"p*roba"te!!
Mortgages and I-sracies bought: no delav.. !
Get my termi before dning business «ls«wner» I
••• "".VV. R " Mc COLGAN I
21 Montgomery st., room 3 I
MONKSV TO LOAJf— Continiifil. '
ON real estate, 1st" or 2nd mortgages, on furnf.
tare or pianos without removal; any amount;
"west rates" open evenings 7 to 8. BECKER
& CO.. 927 Market at., room 613.
ANY amount, lowest rates on mortgages. e s .
tates legacies, undivided Interests, chattel
mtls" etc: enterprises of merit also sought.
p. J.' HALLORAN. 206 Kearny st. room 311
a RELIABLE corporation established In 1S63;
proper place to borrow money on diamonds,
i^welry pianos and sealskins. Columbia Loan
Office. 9 Grant ave.. nr. Mrkt: teL B'.ack 547L
HIGHLY' respectable private place to obtalrj
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
■ est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store S46 Market
St.; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third st.
LOANS on pianos, furniture, no removal, libra-
ries goods in warehouse, etc. :any amount low-
est rates; private. Ormsby. 26 Montgomery 3 t.
MUNICIPAL Loan Offlce. 103 Grant ave., near
Geary st: phone Red 1603.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note with-
out Indorser or on mortgage at 8 per cent par
annum. MORRELL. 609 Examiner building.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc.. by privata
party; no removal; no commission; confiden-
tial. Room 3. Conservatory bldg., 301 Jones.
ON furniture, pianos; no removal; money
quick; lowest Interest: easy terms; no broker-
age; reliable party. 1170 Market st. room 68.
O\ salaries, N. Y. plan; indorsed papf>r> ftf 1 -
counted. TOUSLEY CO., 321 Parrott bldgj
i% on furniture and pianos; $15 up; no removal;
no commission: private. Room 81. S Eddy gt.
Lowest rates, furniture, pianos: no removal; no
commis. ; confidential. Whltehead. 1710 Market.
ON furniture, pianos; lowest rate: no removal;
strictly private. LICK. 118 McAllister st.
ONE per cent on furniture: $3 a month on each
$1000; any security. 202 Montgomery st, r. 1.
IF you want a home I will loan you money to
buy it A. E. RUDELL. 222 Sansome st.
ON SALARIES without indorser; other propo-
sitions. S. F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan blj.
LOANS money on salary, no tndorser; Eastern
plan. Western Loan Co.. 309 Phelan bldg.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
THETonly piano player for people to buy Is tfca
Simplex, because it does better work than
any other and with less than half the effort.
Call and hear one of these wonderful Instru-
ments play. THE ZENO MAUVAIS MUSN3
CO.. 769 Market st
A BIG holiday sale of pianos, to last for four
weeks only is now on at The Mauva'.s Musia
Co.. 769 Market st The very best quality of
goods will be offered at greatly reduced
prices as the management wish to place t:
within the ability of most any one to posses*
a piano. Purchasers of presents can select
now and have the Instruments kept until
ready for delivery. Payments accepted if not
convenient to pay cash. THE ZENO MAU*
VAI3 MUSIC CO.. 763 Market st.
NOW Is the time to have your old piano re-
paired and fixed up. We have the best fa«
duties for auch work and will make prt«e«
very reasonable. Pianos tuned by the 7t%P-
Pianos for rent. THE ZENO MAUVAIS MtV
SIC CO.. 769 Market st '
WE have just received the latest designs in art
pianos a great assortment In Sohmer. Byron
Mauzy and Lester Pianos. BYRON MAUZY.
303 Post st. '
A GRAND concert every afternoon, 2 to 4. hy
Ceclllan Piano Player at BYRON MAUZY'S,
308-310-312 Post st.
CHRISTMAS Specials in small musical instru-
ments Guitars. Violins, Mandolins, Banjos;
bargains in all makes. BYRON MAUZY,
308 Post st.
SELECT your Christmas Pianos now; we de-
liver for Christmas present at your order.
BYRON MAUZY, 308-310-312 Post st.
A LOT of slightly used pianos, $50 up. Re-
member we are open evenings until Christ-
mas. BYRON MAUZY, 308-310-312 Post st.
AGAIN we remind you that our piano stock.
both new and second-hand, is the largest w»st
of Chicago and Includes the most reliable
makers to choose from. New pianos sold upon
easy payments of $6 per month; some sroml
pianos for $3, $4 and $5 per month. SHER-
MAN. CLAY & CO.. Steinway dealers, corner
Kearny and Sutter sts.. San Francisco: cor-
ner Broadway and Thirteenth sts., Oakland.
ALL highest grades sold by the Heine Piano
Co.. sole agents most famous and olde3t
American makes: easy payments: bl«r allow-
ance for second-hand pianos: rents $2 up al-
lowed; bargains. $25 up; Stein waya, $1S5;
Chickerings. $135; 50 others; agents wanted.
217 Geary st
ATTENTION. BARGAIN-HUNTERS^
Second-hand upright pianos from $55 up.
Second-hand square pianos front $50 up.
Second-hand organs from $25 up; new upright
pianos from $173 up. BENJ. CURTAZ A
SON. IS to 20 O'Farrell. Chickertng. Mason
& Hamlln. Vose. Sterling pianos.
ANY piano sold by us taken back any tlm»
within 2 years and full purchase price al-
lowed on a new peerless Knabe. at regular
price; costs you only 20c a day to buy a piano
from us. KOHLER & CHASE. 30 O'Farreil
St.; established 1S50.
A SMALL Weber upright $125: elegant walnut
cass Knabe upright, almost new: also Steck.
oak case; Hardman square. $45: or cans, {2$
op. BOWERS A SOyS. 23 Fiftb St.. IVEK3 at
POND and A. B. CAMERON. Agents.
THE WILEY B. ALLEN CO.. 933 MARKET. "
PIANOS THE BEST.
PRICES THE LOWEST.
EXCITING bargains— Three cars new high-
grade pianos stored with us; ordered sold to
realize advances and storage; dirt cheap (in-
stallments). WILSON'S Storage, 1710 Market
Magnificent high-grade upright piano: 3 pedals;
sacrifice; party going East. 773 O'Farrell st.
STEINWAY upright, almost new. $200; paxtr ,
must sell. Box 2565. Call offlce.
A BIG bargain— Two Weber pianos, good as
new. J113 and $195. 217 Geary st
$650 UPRIGHT left on sale; price $155T R. 38.
217 Geary st. /
$125— SCHLEIP uprieht. excellent condition.
$75; Erard upright Hornung. 218 McAllister.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, ripairer. 2 Latham place.
GOOD second-hand- upright for sale cheap; M
SCHMITZ. 16 McAllister St. .*
AT KEEFFE'S. 22 Turk st., near Market—
Shonlnger. Schubert and Steinway bargains.
ELEGANT new upright pianos for rent, $3 per
mo SCOTT-CURT AZ Piano Co.. 560 Hayes.
OFFICES AXD STORES TO LET.
BARBER shop to rent, furnished: only $7 50
per month; good location. C. F. MOORE,
935 Market st., room S.
STORE for shoe shop and 2 llvlns rooms; old
established place. 622 Capp st.
FOLSOM. 870— Large s^ore. suitable for any
business. UMBSEN, 14 Montgomery st.
FOR rent— 2 good light floors, offices and sales-
rooms. cheap. H. A. SMITH. 25 Market. S. F.
$12 50— STORE 2 rooms, with fixtures: good for
dressmaker or small business. 353 Fifth st.
OIL.
OIL tanks, second-hand. In good order: «1I
>1*i»»: ch»«p. H. S. WTTTTH?. S1« Mt«slon »t.
PAIXTEBIS A>D DECORATORS.
ROOMS papered from $3 up: whitening done.
Hartman Paint Co.. 313 Third; tel. Red 3521.
H. JEKOME FOSELL1. scientific palmist. 515
Taylor st.. bet. Geary and Post; tel. Black 581.
KEEKGAAUD. president St. Germain Colles*.
rends from 1 tn 4. 700 Post: phone Hvrt? 2SH.
PATENTS AND PENSIONS. .v
PENSION advice free; general practitione- m
GFO. D. CAMPBELL, lawyer. Examiner hi Jit^
PERSONALS.
ARTISTIC hairdressing. 25c, manicuring 25c.
gents' manicuring 50c. by experts; best hair
work at reasonable prices; baths, most ele-
gant in city, 25c; our specialties, scalp treat-
ment and face massage; Pattl Beauty Cream
60c; headquarters fcr genuine Farina Cologne;
dainty Russian tea served free to all visitors
at the BON-TON. 324 Post st.
AN elegant line of remnants for suits to order.
$15; -with these suits we make an extra pair
of pants free of charge; other suits on install-
ments. $1 weekly. L. LEMOS. 1117 Market
st. between Seventh and Eighth.
ONE BOTTLE of Pinus will cure any case of
rheumatism, sciatica, neuralgia or gout: price
$2 50 per bottle. For circulars. Pinus Med.
Co.. 734 Valencia St.. S. F.; tel. Church 157?.
ELECTRIC light in every room— Winchester
Hotel. 44 Tihrd St.. near Market; 700 rooms;
25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggago to and from the feny.
WHY Guess? You can be certain of style and
fit by using Standard Patterns; Nov. pattern*
and The Designer now ready. J. AV EVAN a
Domestic offlce, 1021 Market st. near Sixth.
: POSITIVE cure for drunkenness, opium and
; morphine habits. Mooser Co. Gold Cure; many
; testimonials; direction to give secretly: price
$5. Address 1125 Geary st.. San Francisco.
FACE massage, complexion beautifying- late^
Continental methods: electric roleau: supertiujr
ous hair removed by electrolysis. Mme. Zephp*
Kia-ora. parlors 330 Sutter: phone Black 132i
R £ RE VS'2 d ,~ un i que & resen t3 for the holidays at
5 /t»2 A^ url091ty , store - 11S Gearv st - NAT
RAPHAEL: novelties of every description.
| WHITE e pa«>«l Iron beds, single, three-quarter
or double $2 2o. EASTERN OUTFITTING
I CO.. 1310-1312 Stockton .t. near Broadwair.
4 I \V_^^JP~RSO"ALS Continued.
f DO th * best hairdressing -n the city; 25c for
* f you receiv e Polite attention. G.
LLDERER. 7X3 Stockton Et.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
electric needle. MI£"S EATON, 1113 Sutter st.
A ~ IF your hair is falling or you are bald call on
Dr.G.S. Moore. S22 O'Farrell; send for circular.
Mrs IJriggs— Superfluous hair, moles removed
by electric needle. 96S Sutter; tel. Larkln 317L
M^ Q F ERA , DE « CEt "-es. Play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mrkt
Masquerade costumes at H. Anderson's theatri-
cal coEtumer, 2C Q-Farrell; country orders.
DR. LAMOTTE'S FRENCH CORN PAINT
_the best corn cure; 25c; all druggists. '
ALFRF.DUMS Egyptian Henna; restores gray
hair to its natural color; ;i: at all druggists.
-NEIHALS & CO.. tailors. 115 Kearny et.
!_^^S||^rf^S^i_^
PHYSICIAXS AND BUB.GEOSS.
DR-C. c7^D^NN_LJ~Ilo7nce^d~r^id^r
103a Market et.. between Sixth and Sevlg,!
ER. WONG HIM. herb doctor successfully
treats all diseases of the humVn body^ sea
testimonials at office, 115-117 Mason/nr! Ellis!
*__& W ,?^ G , WO - herb a «*or: sanitarium.
>^.4-.G6 Clay st.: f» e testimonials at office.
PLAMXC A_P TIRXIXG MILLS.
B.EAL ESTATE CITY FOR SALE.
A PPLENDID INVESTMENT
Six new flats, all leased for one year at a
total rental or $2670; price $24,750. For terms
Baker Waer ° n premlses - 1229 Pa Se «*-. near
FOR sale or to rent, near San Mateo Hi
wT&SgJFixtSTh.^'- EmaU hoase -
NEW modern house 7 rooms, large basement
and yard; sun all day. Cor. Waller and Por-
tola e_.. bet. Pierce and Steiner.
FOR sale — Sacrifice; handsome flats on Liberty
Et.; choice location. Owner, box 2614. CalL
5^AL^STATE- :: COU\TRY— -For Sal^
-—FOR SALE NEAR SAN FRANCISCO
Smail tracts, $G0 to $S0 per acre, on Rancho
Cotati. Sonoma Co.; future value assured as
Ban Francisco is growing rapidly; location
best for poultry and general farming. Apply
to The Cotati Co., 202 California St., for pam-
phlets and information.
POULTRY and dairy ranches for sale; write for
free Ust. C. R. WINFIELD. Petaluma. Cal.
▲ V.'KEK*S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages. In wrapper for mailing. $1 per year.'
AUMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
-^ ;
j ALAHEDA REAL ESTATE.
FOR SALE— New cottage 6 rooms ready to
move in. J. H. YOUNG. _13 Park st.
BARGAINS; improved & unimproved property
acquired by foreclosure; 14 cash. Bank of Ala
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
12 HOMES, ranging in prices from $2000 to
$3000 on terms of from 530 to J100 down, all
in the course of construction; all modern and
have from 6 rooms and bath up to 9 rooms and
bath; situated on the local Berkeley roal
giving the same sen-ice acd time as the Oak-
land local from Seventh and Broadway to
ea.a Francisco. Further information apply
A. J. SNTDER,
467 Ninth st., Oakland, Cal.
Or Eranch Office
A. J. SNYDER, ;
' Adeline Station, Berkeley.
$_5 r -— A "WELL-BUILT house of 6 rooms and
bath, near the Elation, on sunny side of street-
a bargain.
S3C00— New 2-Etcry house of 9 rooms; thor-
oughly modern in «very respect; near electric
railroad.
House of 6 rooms and bath, east of raJiroad, 1
between Dwijrht v,-ay and Berkeley stations.
Apply to JOS. J. ilASON, Real Estate. Berke-
ley station.
A WEEK'S ne-srs for S cents— The Weekly Call,
V. pacs. In Trraryer for iriB'lir.g. $1 per y«?s.r.
FRDITYALE ADVERTISEMENTS
FRUITVALE REAL, ESTATE.
LOT near electric road; must sell; make bid
H. W. DAVIS. Fruitvale station.
FOR sale— 100x100: price JCOO. m installments.
Address 12TS ?4th ave., Oakland.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE. '
52750 — OX west side or Union St., near Four-
teenth; have just completed one of Oakland's
prettiest homes; location none better; Bee it
and you will buy it.
A. J. SXYDER,
467 N'inth St., Oakland, Cal.
TTILL, effer a comer on which you can erect
fiats which will return 1 J ,£ per cent per month
on money invested.
A. J. SXYDER
4C7 Ninth et., Oakland, Cal.
$2000— N'EVr 6-room cottage, modern and con-
venient; lot EOX100; street sewered, macadam-
ized and sidewalked; two minutes' walk from
car line. For terms apply
A. J. SXYDER.
■ 467 Ninth st., Oakland, Cal.
JCEW 2-story house, eame vicinity; convenient
and pretty; see this property at once.
At reasonable prices — Homes, lots, business
property for sale in all parts of Oakland and
vicinity. A. J. SXYDER,
, 4C7 Ninth st.. Oakland, Cal.
100 ACRES near Niles, &000; good house; tear-
ing orchard; unincumbered; will rent, sell
or exchang-e for city improved.
616 acres, 7 miles from Oakland; $28 an acre.
TVYMAX LAND CO.. 1127 E Fourteenth St..
near Twenty-third ave., Oakland; phone 123.
fOR rent— Confectionery, bakery and restau-
rant; eood location; also two vacant stores;
good opening for grocery or any kind of busl-
nc«£; three neat cottages; 3 rooms, closets,
etc.; one block from local; $7. TVTMAN
LAND CO., 1137 E Fourteenth Et., near
Twenty-third ave., Oakland; Phone Brcok 123.
THE best bargain yet offered in Oakland; a
nice cottaipe of S rooms and bath; large lot;
within 14 blocks of City Hall; good location;
tl2iO for one week only; easy terms.
. -.'•■■ E. K. BUNCE,
952 Broadway.
_______________
1160 Broadway, Oakland.
J3250 — Something eztra nice in the way of
a modern up-to-date, brand new home In Oak-
land out toward lierkeley; lot ZOxlZa; 1 rooms
end bath. Call and let us show you this. ,
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages. In wrapper for mailing, tl per year.
OAKLAND COTTAGES TO LET.
BUXXY lower fiat, 8 large rooms; electric ser-
vice throughout; 2 coal and 1 gas grate; large
corner lot; lawn; fruit and shade trees and
t Cowers; lot elevated; choice locality; will rent
m low to eatisfactory permanent tenant; Eighth
f eve. electric care, corner Washington and
Eighth ett. come within 1 block. Call or
address ~iC:,i Ninth ave.. East Oakland.
OAKLAND !^^33^L^™J^ E -
AX Introduction to you from H. Schellhaaa. th»
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
OAKLAND HOUSES WAXTED.
ABOUT 8 rooms, furnished, near car line; Ver-
non Heights. Address box 23C5. Call. Oakland.
ROOMS FOR HOISEKEEPISG.
AtTSTIN ave.. 102, oil Polk— 3 nice housekeep-
ing rooms and bath.
BUSH, 1007 (The Holland)— Just opened; few
sunny housekeeping apartments: fur'd or un-
fur'd; front suites, »30 up; electric lights,
baths, gas ranges and grates; phone East 667.
BUCHANAN. C&4— Sunny front bay-window rm.,
with kitchen, $15; singe and double bedroom.
FIFTH. SI3 — Two sunny rooms and kitchen, $20;
also 3 connecting, $12; also eingle, $4 up.
HOWARD, 1821— Large gunny parlor, bedroom
and large kitchen, lurnished complete; pri-
vate family; references; no children. Call be-
tween 11 a. m. and 4 p. m.
LARICIN, 8:1%— Large Bunny housekeeping
room, gas ctovc, bath and phone, J12 a mo.
t'iAVENWORTlI, 517— 2 or 3 unfurnished
rooms for housekeeping.
MASON, 514 — Nicely furnished rooms; also
housekeeping.
McALLI6TER, C36— Sunny furnished euite;
sick; s<_ range; b-th; laundry; $16.
ROOMS FOR HOPSEKEEmG—Con.
MINNA, 667, corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room. $1 per week; transient.
OAK, 11D— 2 sunny large parlors; furnished;
heavy housekeeping; gas; 2 beds; $1G.
PINE, 13(X), cor. Hyde— Sunny front corner '■
room; running water; light housekeeping; $10.
SACRAMENTO, 1514— Two sunny rooms, nlce-
ly furnished; private residence; light hskpg.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
eubscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
ROOMS TO LET— Fern, and Uiifant.
ARGYLE Hotel. 234 McAlllster^New. elegant^
sunny; grill attached: 75c day upward; rates
by week or month; McAllister cars to door.
A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE. 143 Sixth— Rooms,
25c to $1 per night; $1 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
BURNETT, 1426 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nished rms., suites, single; also unfurnished.
CALIFORNIA, 2519B— 2 nicely sunny furnished
rooms; reasonable.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, corner Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
ELLIS. -310— Fine newly furnished front par-
lor; sunny; reasonable.
FOLSOM St., corner Ninth— Large sunny bay-
window room. $3; ad ul ts.
FOURTEENTH. 663^ corner Market— Unfur-
nished front parlor in new flat; bay-window.
FRANCISCO HOTEL— Elegant suites; single;
transient; baths. Mrs. King. Turk & Taylor.
GEARY. 405. The Navarre— Elegantly furnished
suites and single; travelers accommodated.
HOTEL ST. DENIS (European plan), 24 Turk
Bt.. near Market — Central location; new build-
ing; elegantly furnished; strictly Srst-class;
50c per day and upward; special rates by the
week or month; best in the city; references;
take Market-st. cable cars to Turk st.
HOTEL FLORENCE. 10? Ellis St.— Sunny out-
side rooms; single. 52 50; suites, $4 50 per
week: newly renovated: elevator; baths.
HOWARD. 761i,4— Nicely furnished sunny bay-
window room; others; reasonable.
HYDE. S41, nr. Sutter— 2 handsomely furnished
front rooms; private bath, toilet, hot and cold
water; everything new.
MCALLISTER, S35— A furnished sunny front
rooms, with bath- and eae.
NEW ARLINGTON. J015 Market— Nicely fur-
nisbed rooms; $2 a week up; 35c a day up.
MONTGOMERY ave., 16, top floor— New furn.
rooms; central; reasble; near Hall of Justice.
O'FARRELL, 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; clec. lights; day, week, mo.
ROYAL HOUSE, 126 Ellis— Incandescent light;
reading-room, smoking-room and ladies' par.
lor; rooms, per night, 35c to $1 50; week, $2 to
SS; .menth. js to $20; elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth St.,
near Market— Furnished or unfurnished.
STOCKTON. 322— A sunny suite and singles,
neat and clean; bath, phone; prices low.
SUTTER. 320% (The Stanford)— Suites from $3
to $7; singles. $2 to $5 per week; transient.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencla st.
ROOMS AND BOARD.
SUNNY parlor suites, suitable for couple or S
young men; board optional; private family;
north of and ten minutes' walk from Market.
"Phone East 713."
HOTEL Denniston, cor. Valencia and 21st sta-
in the "Warm Belt"; free from prevailing
; fogs; choice sunny suits; first class.
1 THE Irvingdale, 626 Eddy— Suite suitable for
three gentlemen with board, $60; single rooms
with board. $22 50 up; excellent table.
THE Pierpcnt, 418 Ellis— Everything new; most
elegantly furnished apartments; first-class
dining-room.
ROOM and board for 2 in elegant furnished
home: sunshine; billiard room and telephone.
23 Baker st.
HOTEL Repelier, 781 Sutter— Newly furnished;
excellent table; special rates to tourists.
HOTEL Niara, 615 Taylor— Nicely fur. rms.;
running water; excellent board; reasonable.
ELEGANTLY furnished sunny rooms with
board. S16 Eddy Et.
PINE, 793— Large parlor suite; also single
rooms; excellent board; very moderate.
PRIVATE rooms and board; newly furnished;
at very low rates. S27 Mission st.
VAN NESS. 519 — Handsome furnished parlors;
all conveniences; other suites; table board.
CALIFORNIA, £07 (Stevenson Mansion)— Select
family hotel; exceptional table; popular rates.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 rases. Bent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1,
Dostaere pa<d.
RUPTURE SAXITARIU3I.
RUPTURE cured at HUNTER'S SANITA-
RIUM. 1206 Market St.; treatment free; only
invention In the world that will not torture.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
NOTICE— Abandoned children in Roman Cath- i
olic Orphan Asylum, since July, 1900: Emma i
Breig. aee 12 years; Carrie Breig, age 8 years; [
Ellzth Winthrop, a~- 10 years; Grace Win- i
tSrop, age i -years.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery st.. rooms 9-1'): tel. 5580.
SEWIXG MACHIXES ASP SUPPLIES. [
I ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
pairing; lowest rates. TeL Black 1124, 205 4th.
ALL kinds bought, eold, rented, exchange; re- ;
pairing; lowest rates: phone Mint 45. 145 6th.
STORAGE ASD WAREHOUSES.
CUT rates on shipping, draying, storing, Insur- i
ing furniture, etc. SMITH, 25 Market; phone
Main 1240.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.,
office Post and Powell sts. ; tel. Main 5713.
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse. S-10 Mis-
eicn St.; tel. Howard 941. F. W. ZEHFUSo. !
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2Z20 Fillmore st ; phone Jackson 2SL
EEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 722 Mission et.;
tel. Main 1S40: shipping at cut rates. !
TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARGAINS IN TYPEWRITERS— V7e
eeil better machines for less money than any
house in the city; rentals, $3. The Typewriter
Exchange. E36 California; telephone Main 265.
WEBSTER Typewriter Inspection Co.— Expert
typewriter doctors;estimate free. 209 Sansome.
. WANTED-TO BUY.
R^b_ING-HOUS^r20~tr3Troom3 Tor to rent^-
large unfurnished Cat. M. S. Biount, 119 Jones.
NOTICES.
OFFICE of the Contra Costa Water Company^
j room 16, second floor. Mills building — San
Francisco. December 3. 1S01 — Dividend No. 1S5,
of 42 cents per share on the capital stock of
1 the Contra Costa Water Company, will he.
payable at the office of said company, room
16, btcond floor. Mills building, on December
15, 1301; transfer books will close en Decem-
ber 9, 1001. at 2 p. in. EDWARD McGARY,
Secretary. ■
DIVIDEND Notice— The Giant Powder Com-
pany, Con.— A dividend, No. 36, of seventy-
five cents (75c) per share on the issued capi-
tal Etock of the company has been declared
payable at the office of the company, 435
California St., San Francisco, en December
30. 1901. Transfer books close December
3. 1501. at noon. A. A. SPARKS. Secretary.
LEGAL AI>V_rtTlS_:HK.NTS.
"BUSINESS Men's Legal Bureau," consulta-
tion free; In bankruptcy and divorce proceed-
ings parties not required to go into court.
Room 611. Examiner bldg.; phone Black 3604.
~" PROPOSALS.
BIDS Wanted— Notice is hereby given that
sealed, proposals will be received by the Board
of Directors of the Veterans' Home of Cali-
fornia, at its oSice, room 13, 820 Sansome Et.,
San Francisco, Cal.. up to 10:30 o'clock a. m.,
SATURDAY, December 21, 1901. and opened
immediately thereafter in the presence of bid-
ders, for furnishing and delivering quarter-
master and commissary supplies for the Vet-
erans' Home, Napa County, Cal. (railroad sta-
tion Youniville), for six months commencing
January 1, 1M2, and ending June- SO. 1902.
Schedules with information and instructions
for submitting bids will be furnished upon
application by the undersigned. Bidders will
carefully follow the conditions of the sched-
ules, and no bid will be considered unless it Is
in accordance with such schedules.. Each bid-
der must accompany his bid . with a certified
check upon some well-known and responsible
banking-houFe for at least 10 per cent of the
amount of his bid. payable to C. Mason
Klnne. treasurer, conditioned that the bidder
will enter Into a good and valid contract upon
notice of acceptance as required by law. The
board reserves the right to reject any or all
bids and to order any quantity over or under
the amount specified. . <
Address J. J. SCOVILLE, Secretary Board
of Directors of the Veterans' Home of Cali-
fornia, room 13.- 320 Sansome st., San Fran-
cisco, Cal. By order of the Board of Direct-
ors. J. J. SCOVILLE, Secretary.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, DECEMBER 9, 1901. '
BIRTHS— MARRIaGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication ' offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
CONGDQN— In this city, December 7, 1301, to
the wife of Joseph H. Congdon Jr., a daugh-
ter.
FOSTER-In Seattle, December 3, 1901, to the
wife or Walter F. Foster, a son.
MORSE— In this city, December 8, 1301, to the
wife of Jesse A. Morse, a daughter.
MARRIED.
LEWIS— LAGOMARSINO— In this city. Decem-
ber 7, 1901, by the Rev. Dr. John A. B. Wil-
son, John Ambert Lewis and Elvira Lago-
marsino, both of San Francisco.
STEVENSON— GRAVES— In this city, at Grace
Church, by the Rev. R. -C. Foute, G. W.
Stevenson of Philadelphia and Ethel J.
Gteves of San Francisco. -
DIED.
Allman, Annie Hutchins, Liilie
Bessette, Arthur McLean, John W.
Breeze, Sophie Murphy, Dr. R. W.
Christianson, Karine Raas, Ernestine
Cosgrove, Mary Stichel, Charles Jr.
Curry, Fanny Strienins, Marinus
Derry, Frank Sullivan, Julia
Dierks, Henry Tacker, Carrie
Farren, Andrew J. Warrington, Samuel
Foote, Huuh Weiss, Mareraret E.
Huntlngton, Bella Whitelaw, Mary A.
ALLMAN— In this city. December 7, 1301, An-
nie, beloved wife of Miles Allman, mother of
Johanna, lilies, Eliie and Marcella Allman,
and sister of John P. McGuire, a native of
MarybrouKh, Queens County, Ireland, aged
25 years 11 months and 17 days.
IE? Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral, which
v.-ill take Dlace to-morrow (Tuesday), at 3
o'clock, from her late residence, 1226 Lom-
bard street, thence to St. Brigid's Church,
where a requiem mass will be celebrated for
the repose of her soul at 9:30 o'clock. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
BESSETTE— In the City and County Hospital,
December S, 1301, Arthur Bessette, a native
of Illinois, aged 33 years.
BREEZE— In this city. December 8, 1901, at
the residence, 214 Van Ness avenue, Sophie,
beloved wife of J. H. Breeze, and mother of
Ada Breeze, a native of San Francisco.
CHRISTIANSON— In Oakland, December 8,
1901, Karine Christianson, beloved wife of the
late Captain H. O. Christianson, and mother
of Walter, Laurence, Annie and Henrietta
Christianson, a native of Norway, aged E<5
years 6 months and 23 days.
COSGROVE— An anniversary solemn requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose
of the soul of Mary Coserove, beloved wife
of P. H. Cossrove, at 9 o'clock to-day (Mon-
day), at St. Francis Church, corner Vallejc
street and Montgomery avenue. Friends and
acquaintances are respectfully invited to. at-
tend.
CURRY- In this city, December 8, 1S01, Fanny,
beloved mother of Richard and Alfred Curry
and Mrs. Alice Brown, a native of Washing-
ton, D. C, aged CO years.
DERRY— In this city. December 8, 1901, Frank,
dearly beloved husband of Kate Derry, a na-
tive of Dondaught, County Louth, Ireland,
asred 73 years.
DIERKS— In this city, December 6," 1901, Henry
Dierks, beloved brother of Mrs. George Reese,
and uncle of Mrs. Robert Boyd, a native
of Hanover/ Germany, aged 75 -years.
(TTFuneral to-day (Monday), at 10 o'clock,
from the funeral parlors of Theodor Dierks,
9S7 Mission street, between Fifth and Sixth.
Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
FARREN— In this city, December 6, 1901, at
his residence, 500 Harrison street, Andrew J.
Farren, dearly beloved son of Margaret A.
and the late John W. Farren, a native of
San Francisco.
G?"The funeral will take place to-day
(Monday), at 10 o'clock, from St. Brendan's
Church, where a requiem hteh mass will be
celebrated for the repose ot his soul. Inter-
ment private.
FOOTE— In this city, December 8, 190L Hugh, j
dearly beloved husband oi Eliza Foote, and
father of Rev. P. J. Foote, S. J., a native
of County Monaghan, Ireland, aged 70 years.
t_f Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 33fil Twenty-first street, thence to St.
James Church, corner Guerrero and Twenty-
third streets, where a requiem mass will be
celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
HUNTINGTON— In this city, December 7, 1901,
Bella, beloved wife of Edward Huntlngton, a
native of England, aged 61 years.
[C7"Remains at the funeral parlors of James
McGinn & Co., 2H Eddy street.
HUTCHINS— In this city, December 8, 1901,
Lillle Hutchins, wife of Thomas B. Hutchins,
a native of California.
McLEAN— In this city. December 8. 1901. John
W. McLean, beloved husband of Elizabeth
McLean, a native of Canada, aged 47 years
and 11 months. ■ .
[tyFuneral to-morrow (Tuesday), at 2
o'clock. Laurel Hill Cemetery.
MURPHY— In this city, December 7, 1901, Dr.
R W. Murphy, beloved husba'id of Julia C.
Murphy, and father of Mrs. W. H. Green-
halsh. R. W. Murphy Jr. and Grace Mur-
phy, a native of Braxton County, West Vir-
ginia.
ETFrlends and acquaintances are respect- |
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day i
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from Masonic Tem- |
pie, corner Post and Montgomery streets, un-
der the auspices of Mount Moriah Lodge No.
44, P. and A. M. A member of Golden Gate
Commandery No. 16, K. T. Interment Laurel
Hill Cemetery.
RAAS— In this city, December 8, 1901, Ernes-
tine, beloved wife of Emanuel Raas, and
mother of Alfred E., Mrs. Henry Gur.delfin-
rer, Charles and Alice Raas, a native of
Strasbourg, Alsace, aged 53 years 4 months
• and 23 days.
• E^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 10 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 517 Golden Gate avenue. Interment
Home of Peace Cemetery, by 11:30 o'clock
train from Third and Townsend streets. By
special request, please omit flowers.
STICHEL— In this city, December 6, 1901,
Charles Stichel Jr., dearly beloved and only
son of Charles and Amelia Stichel. and
brother of Katie, Annie and Lydia Stichel, a
native of Baltimore, Md., aged 19 years 8
months and 6 days.
(C~FrIends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-dav
(Monday), at 1 o'clock, from the residence of
his p? rents, 1426 Dolores street, corner of ;
Twenty-eighth. Interment Mount Olivet
Cemetery.
STRIENING — In Santa .Rosa. November 23,
1SC1, Marinus Strlening, dearly beloved eo:i
Ot Mrs. Anne Strienin«r, a native of Holland. '
aged 41 years 6 months and 16 days. (Daily \
papers please copy.)
SULLIVAN— In this city. December 8, 1901, tit
1128 Alabama street, Julia, beloved wife of
Joseph Sullivan, and mother of Ju'la and the
late Ann Sullivan, a native of County Cork.
Ireland.
CC7"Friencls and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral. to-morrow
(Tuesday), at S:30 o'clock, fro;-i the parlors
of J. C. O'Connor & Co., 7C7- Mission street,
thence to St. Peter's Church, wh«re a re-
quiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of ber soul, commencing at 3 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cros-s Cemetery.
TACKER-^-Near Haywards, December 7. 1901,
Carrie, beloved wife of Martin Tacker, and
mother of Annie Tacker, a native of Den-
mark, aged 47 years 7 months and 9 days.
[C~Frlends and acqutintancr;s are resnect-
fullv Invited t» attend the funeral services
to-day (Monday), at 1 o'clock, at her late
residence, thence to Union Church, San
Lor.T.zo. Interment San Lorenzo Cemetery.
WARRINGTON— In this city, December fi, 3S01.
Samuel Croll WarrinKton. beloved and only
son of Mrs. and the late Samuel Warrington,
a native of San Frarcisco, aged 21 years 6
months and 23 days.
C5" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Monday), at 10 o'clock, from the residence
of his mother, 2C25 Filbert street, Oakland.
Interment Mountain View Cemetery, Oak-
land.
WEISS — In this city, December 8, 1901. Mar-
garet E. Weiss (nee MrAulifTe), dearly be-
loved wife of Frank J. Weiss, devoted mother
of Elizabeth A., Richard L., Frank J. Jr.
and Robert E. Weiea, and lovinjr gi^ter of
Edward P. and Agnes- A. McAullffe. a native
of San Francisco, aged 28 years 11 months
and 13 days.
(ryThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 8:45 o'clock, from her late reBi-
dence, S94 Twenty-second street, thence to
St. Teresa's Church, where a solemn requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the renose
of her BOUl at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
WKITELAW— In this city, December 7, 1901,
Mary A., beloved wife of Frank Whitelaw,
mother of William Garneau and Mrs. Charles
Birjr, daughter of - the late John and Mary
McDonald, and sister of John, James and
Robert McDonald, Mrs. .P. "Hayes, Mrs. H.
Schroder and th? late Mrs. Elizabeth Luzier,
a native of Pennsylvania, aged 46 years 9
months and 15 day3.
EyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesdav), at 8:30 o'clock, from the residence
j of hpr daughter, 161 Silver street, between
i Third and Fourth, thence to St. Patrick's
Church, where a solemn requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
.commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
Crops Ceif-ptery. .
HENRY ,1. GALLAGHER CO.
(Successor to 'Flannagan & Gallagher.)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr.
/FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS,
20 Fifth st., opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 80. - ;
Mt, Olivet Cemetery,
■ . San Mateo County.
OFFICE loi.'" '.lAIJnP.T.STRF.nT,
'J. HENDERSON, Manager.
I NEW FlKr.t OF UiNDEitTAK_Ri>.
Samuel McFadden, 18 years manager for
the United Undertakers' Association; M. J.
McBrearty. with the same company for IS
years; P. F. Green, late with J. C O'Con-
nor & Co., have opened new Funeral Par-
lors «t 1171 Mission street, between Seventh
and Eighth. Telephone South 44.
CREW OF PROTET IS MUSTERED
TO HEAR MASS ABOARD VESSEL
Most Elaborate Church Service Ever Held on the Bay Is Celebrated
Aboard the French Cruiser, Consul of Republic Being Present.
Steamboat- J. D. Peters Crashes Into and Damages a Bulkhead
The most elaborate church service ever
held on the bay was carried out on the
French cruiser Protet yesterday morning.
At 10 o'clock the entire crew was assem
bled and priests from St. Mary's Cathe
dral held low mass. The French Consul
was present, but not officially, and quite
a number of the French colony. The for
ward deck had been canvased in for the
occasion and bunting: made the scene pic
turesque. The sailors and marines sat in
the background, while the officers sat
nearest the temporary altar.
After the service there was a general
shore leave order. More than 100 of the
sailors came ashore. Later fifty more men
were given leave.
While the sailors -were • going ashore
hundreds of visitors were going out to
the cruiser. They roamed all over her for
nearly four hours and came ashore in Pe
terson's launches, saying she was a splen
did ship.
The Protet leaves to-day for the Mare
Island navy yard. There she will be over
hauled and made ready for another cruise
in the Southern seas.
Crashed Into the Wharf.
The California Navigation. and Improve
ment Company's J. D. Peters made havoc
with the bulkhead between Washington
and Jackson street wharves yesterday
morning. She was making a landing after
arriving from Stockton and on account of
the tide had to come into the slip under a
"full-speed" bell. The order to go "full
speed astern" after the steamer had en
tered the slip was not enough to overcome
the momentum and she crashed into the
bulkhead. The vessel was not damaged
to any great extent, but the bulkhead was
cut into nearly eight 'feet, and the Har
bor Commissioners will have to make
some repairs to-day.
Movements of Transports.
The Sheridan went alongside the south
side of the transport wharf yesterday and
at once began loading for Manila./ The
Hancock is on the north side of the wharf
and is coaling. It is thought both vessels
will get away about the middle of the
month. The Thomas is now eighteen days
from Manila and her crew will be here in
time for Christmas. The men on the
Thomas and Sheridan are dissatisfied, be
cause they made sure that they would at
least have the holidays to spend in San
Francisco.
Many Coasters Arrive.
Not a solitary wind-jammer made port
yesterday, but the steam colliers and
steam schooners came in one after the
other. Among the arrivals were the
Washtenaw and City of Puebla from the
Sound, the Del Norte from Redondo, the
Rival from South Coast, National from
Fort Bragg, Pleiades from Seattle, Sco
tia from Bowens Landing, Celia from
Mendocino, State of California from San
Diego, Gipsy from Moss Landing and Eu
reka and Luella from Eureka. The Luella
was the first to arrive, but she left sev
eral hours ahead of her rival..
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Sunday, December 8.
Stmr National City, r-cttmers, 15 hours from
Fort Bragg".
Stmr Pleiades, Smith, 92 hours from Seattle
Stmr Del. Norte, Green, 60 hours from Re
dondo.
Stmr Rival, Olsen, 70 hourj from South Bend
Stmr City of Puebla, Jepsen, 59 hours from
victoria.
Stmr Scotia, Walvig, 11 hours from Bowens
Landing'.
Stmr Celia, Adler, 20 hours from Mendocino.
Stmr State of California, Thomas, 40 hours
from San Dieso. •
Stmr Eureka, Jessen. 26 hours from Eureka.
btmr Gipsy, Leland, ?4 hours from Moss
Landing.
Stmr Washtenaw, Parker, 83 hours from Ta
coma.
Stmr Luella, Madsen/32 hourj from Eureka.
Scnr Spokane, Jamleson, 18 days from Port
Gamble.
Schr Aloha, Fry, 15 3ays from Honolulu.
Schr Mary C, Campbell, 8 hours from Bo
dega.
SAILED.
Sunday, December 8.
Stmr Homer, Donaldson, Eureka.
Stmr Pomona, Shea, Eureka.
Stmr Gualala, Genereaux, Bowens Landing.
Stmr Coronado, Johnson, Seattle.
Stmr San Pedro, Jahnsen, Eureka.
Stmr Hyades. Garlich, .
Etmr Eanta Rosa, Alexander, San Diego.
Stmr Arctic, Ericksen, .
Gp'- ship Christel.'Wurthmann, Queenstown.
Baige Santa Paula, McGovern, Ventura.
Bktn Irmgard, Schmidt, Honolulu.
Schr Ida Schnauer, Urasting-. Port Gamble.
Schr Jennie Griffin, Campbell, Port Reyes.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, Doc 8, 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind NW, velocity 8 miles.
SPOKEN.
iW Btmr City of Puebla— La'. 4G 15 N, Ion
124 45 W. Br ship Ilala, from Port Natal for-
Portland. >
DOMESTIC PORTS.
PORTLAND— Arrived Do: S— Br .lip Torri
don, from Newcastle.
PORT TOWNCEND-P.-s-'d in D.c 8-Bxrs
Carrollton, from Honolulu.
Arrived Dec 8— Bktn Jane L Stanford, from
Lahaina; sehr W H Talbot, from Shanghai.
POINT REYES— Passed Dec S— Stmr Pasa
dena, from San Pedro, trx Eureka.
PORT LUDLOW— Sailed Dec 8— Schr De
fender, for Hllo. i
SEATTLE— Arrived Dec 8— Ptmr Edith, hence
Dec 4, and reported. In straits schr Ralph J
Long, from Alaska, for Seattle.
Sailed Dec 8 — Stmrs American and Santa
Arm, for Ean Francisco; stmr Dirijco, for
Ska -~'ay. - /
VENTURA— Arrived Dec 8— Stmr Geo Loo
mis, hence Dec 7, and sailed for San Fran
cisco.
COOS BAY— Sailed Dec 7— Schr Gotama, for
San Francisco.'
Arrived Dec 8 — Stmr Brunswick, hence "Dec 6
SAN DIEGO— Sailed Dec 8— U S stmr Ran
ger, for cruise.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Arrived Dec 8— Stmr L'Aqua
taine, from Havre; Etmr Island, from Copen
hagen.
FCILLY— Passed Pec 8— Stmr Kron Prlnz
Wilhelm. from New York, for Bremen.
TENERIFFE- Passed Dec 8— Stmr Sicilian,
from Genoa and Naples, for New York.
SOUTHAMPTON — Arrived Dec 8 — Stmr
Koenisen Luise, from New York, for Bremen,
and. proceeded.
/ QUEENSTOWN— Sailed Dec 8— Stmr Etru
ria. from Liverpool, for New York; delayed by
PHILADELPHIA— Arrived Dec 8 — Stmr
Nnordland, from Queenstown and Liverpool.
LONDON— Arrived Dec 8— Stmr Anubls, from
San Francisco, via Valparaiso, Montevideo,
Pernambuco, St Vincent, C V, and Teneriffe.
CYNTHIA SOCIAL SOCIETY
ENTEBTAI-IS ITS FRIENDS
Popular Organization Presents a Pine
Programme of Specialties, Fol- '
lowed by a Dance.
The second annual entertainment and
dance of the Cynthia Literary and Social
Society at Union Square Hall last night
was a successful and well attended affair.
A fine programme of specialties was pre
sented under the stape direction of Henry
Auerbach by the following amateur tal
ent:
Miss Pauline Olcovich. Misa Sadie Meyer,
Julian Olcovich, Miss Ida Kantrowitz Miss
Stella Ramon, Jack L. ; Lowenthal, Ha'rry S.
Colcrnan, ! George Sweeney, Fred Scanlan and
Robert Davi3.
Part of the proceeds will be contributed
to the McKinley memorial fund. A eulogy
on the late President was delivered by the
president of the society, Jerome M. Brey
er. The following committees had the en
tertainment in charge: .
Arrangements — Jerome M. Brcyer, president"
Saaio Meyer, vice president; Edna Ansell sec
retary; Harry Rothpnberp, treasurer.
Entertainment— Milton Meyer, chairman; Pau.
line Olcovich, Jerome M. Breyer, Sarah Fruch
ter, Sadie Meyer.
Floor manager— Harry Rothenberg; assistant
Sadie Meyer. .
• Reception— Carrie Auerbach, Jerome M Brey
er, Edna Ansell. Milton Meyer,. Tina Newman
Martin Stein. Sarah 1 Fruchter, | Joseph Schoen
bere- 1 ' -
Builders' Contracts.
D. J. Sullivan (owner) with J. V. Campbell
(contractor), architect All work for a 3
story frame building on lot on S line of Four
teenth street. 1E5 W of Valencia, W 25 by S
130; $5550.
William W. Young (owner) with Healy. Tib
bitts & Co. (subcontractors), architect Her
mann Barth— Piling, planklnr, bulkheading
etc., for a wharf on lot on RE line of Barrv
street, 1S3:4 SW of Fifth, SW 91:8 by SE 275
$1600. f >-- - " • ■■ . '
Steamer Movements.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. Frorn^ ' Pu»-
Mattoawan.... Nanaimo i Dec. 9
Coquille River Dec. 8
Wellington.... Oyster Harbor Dec. 9
Arcata Coos Bay & Pt. Orford Dec. 9
Empire Coos Bay Dec. 9
Crescent City. Crescent City Dec. a
Alliance........ Portland & Coos Bay.. Dec. 9
Bristol Oyster Harbor Dec. 9
Peru China & Japan Dec. 10
Pomona Humboldt Dec. 11
Columbia Portland & Astoria .... Dec. 11
Alameda Honolulu Dec. 11
American Seattle • Dec. 11
San Pedro Humboldt Dec. 12
Santa Ana Seattle & Tacoma Dec. 12
Santa Rosa San Diego. & Way Pts. Dec. 12
Corona Newport _ Way Ports. Dec. 12
Pomr Arena... Point Arena Dec. 12
Newburg Grays Harbor Dec. 13
Walla Walla.. Puget Sound Ports..... Dec. 13
Nicaria Hamburg & Way Ports Dec. 15
San Juan Panama _ Way Ports. Dec. 15
Leelanaw N. Y. via Panama Dec. 16
Sonoma Sydney & v Way Ports.. Dec. 16
Q. W. Elder... Portland &. Astoria .... Dec. IS
J. S. Kimball.. Seattle & Tacoraa Dec. 16
North Fork.... Humboldt Dec. 16
Coptic China and Japan ..: Dec. 17
Tucapel Valparaiso & Way Pts. Dec. 17
Umatilla Pugret Sound Ports Dec. 18
Czarina Seattle & Tacoma JDec. 18
_____^ TO SAIL. '
Steamer. Destination. Sails. Pier.
December O.
Alliance Portland & Coos B. 5 pm Pier 16
Sequoia — '...Grays Harbor — 5 pm Pier 2
G. W. Klder.. Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
City Sydney.. Panama & Way.... 12 m PMSS
Argyll n. Y. via Panama 2 pm Pier 27
December 10.
Rival Willapa Harbor ... 5 pm Pier 3
Arcata Coos B. & Pt. Orfdj 4 pm Pier 13
Kurek.a Humboldt t !< urn fier l.%
£ m P|re coos Bay 4 pm Pier 13
North Fork.. Humboldt 9 am Pier 2
Mandalay.... coquille River .... 5 pm Pier 2
December 11.
Rainier Seattle & N. What. 5 pm Pier 2
State of Cal.. San Diego & Way 9 am Pier 11
Nippon Maru China & Japan.... 1 pm PMSS
December 12.
City Puebla.', Puget Sound Ports 11 am Pier 9
December 13.
Pomona Humboldt 1:30 p Pier 9
December 14. {
Corona Newport _ Way... 9 am Pier 11
Point Arena.. Point Arena 2 pm Pier 4
Columbia Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
Santa Ana... Seattle & Tacoma.. 5 pm Pier 8
Alameda Honolulu 2 pm Pier 7
December 15.
San Pedro... Humboldt 10 am Pier 2
Santa Rosa. . San Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 11
December IT.
Newburg Grays Harbor S pm Pier 2
Walla Walla. Puget Sound Ports 11 am Pier 9
December 18.
Acapulco Panama & Way Pts 12 m PMSS
FROM SEATTLE.
Steamer. From. ' Due.
Bertha Valdez _ Kodlak Dec. 10
Dolphin Skaguay & Way Torts. Dec. 12
Eli Thompson. Cooks Inlet _.Way Ptg Dec. 15
Cottage City... Skaguay & Way Ports. Dec. 18
City of Seattle. Skaguay & Way Ports. Dec. 18
City of Topeka Skaguay & Way Ports. Dec. 21
Excelsior Cooks Inlet _ Way Pts. Dec. 25
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to Saa
. Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE — The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street —hart) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
tiie height of tide is the same at both places.
MONDAY, DECEMBER 9.
Sun rises 7:14
Sun sets ;.. 4:50
Moon rises ......5:44 a. m.
Time Time Tlma Tlm»
Date Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
LW HW LWHW
9... 3:27 2.9 9:50 5.9 4:46—0.3 11:57 4.3
10... 4:05 3.6 10:19 5.8 6:19—0.4
H.WI . L W H W L W
11 .. 0:36 4.4 4:41 3.2 10:49 5.8 5:52-0.5
12... 1:16 4.6 5:20 3.2 11:21 5.7 6:30—0.5
13... 1:54 4.6 6:05 3.2 12:00 5.6 1:05—0 4
14... 2:31 4.8 6:53 3.2 12:41 5.3 7:42—0.2
15 ... 3:06 4.9 7:49 3.2 1:31 5.0 8:22 0.1
16 ... 3:41 5.0 8:51 2.8 2:31 4.7 £:06 0.5
NOTE— In the abovo exposition of the tides
Weather Report.
(120th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. Dec. 8, 5 D. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date as compared with those of same date last
season, and rainfall in past 24 hours:
Last This Last
Stations— 24 hours, season, season.
Eiireka .: Trace 15:03 15.41
Red Bluff '..". 0.00 9.62 6 74
Sacramento 0.00 §.$S 6.'U
San Francisco 0.00 5.80 5.85
Fresno '. 0.(K) 2.17 5.10
Independence 0.00 1.34 2.18
San Luis Obispo 0.C0 4.56 9.94
Lo» Angeles 0.00 2.48 , 6-7i>
San Diego O.OO 0.76 : 1.73
San Francisco data— Maximum temperature.
5S: minimum, 48; mean, £3.
_ THE COAST RECORD.
STATIONS. 3 1 3 33^3- p* ■o
• ■■'(ISB s-5" 3° £
• : B i 3 p • | g.
: - : • : : P
Astoria 30.12 52 46 S Cloudy 0 66
Baker 30.3.) 30 £6 NW Snow 008
Carson 30.34 48 „ E Clear o'.OO
Eureka....... 30.32 58 38 SE Cloudy T
l>T esn ?-« 30 - 32 & 8 34 E Clear 0.03
Flagstaff 30. SS 42 24 SE Clear 0.00
Pocatello, Idaho... 30. 38 34 28 SE Cloudy T
Los Angeles 30. 1G 74 40 W Clear 0 00
Independence 30.28 56 32 SE Clear 0 00
Phoenix 30.20 68 40 SW Clear O'OO
Portland 30.16 48 46 SE Rain 0.66
Red Bluff 30.3': 56 46 SE Clear 0 00
Roseburg 30. IS 56 50 NE Rain 0.04
Sacramento 30.32 56 40 SE Ft Cldy 0 Of)
Salt Lake.; 30.46 46 26 S Cloudy 0 0<>
San Francisco...... 30. 32 58 60 W Clear 0.00
San Luis Obispo...30.24 72 46 N Clear 0 00
San Diego 30.14 78 43 N Clear 0.00
Seattle.... 30.16 46 36 N Cloudy 0.0S
Spokane 30.20 38 34 NW Cloudy 0.06
NeahBay 30.10 46 36 SW Cloudy 0.20
Walla Walla 30.16 £0 44 SW Rain 0.20
Winnemucca 30.30 44 22 SW Clear O.tlO
Yuma 30.22 68 50 NW Clear O.OO
7 a. m. temperature, SO degrees.
WEATHER CONDITIONS . AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
Cloudy weather prevails over the northerr
portion of the Pacific Slope and rain is fall
ins over bortions of Washington, Oregron and
Idaho, with snow in the mountains. The pres
sure has fallen rapidly ever the country west
of the Rocky Mountains. A storm is central
off the WashlnEton coast and moving rapidly
inland. Rain will probably fall over Northern
California by Monday night.
The temperature has remained nearly sta
tionary over the Pacific Slope and is generally
about normal.
Forecast made at San Francisco for 30 hours
ending mldnlcht December 9, 1901: •-.
Northern California— Cloudy Monday, prob
ably with rain: fresh to brisk southerly wind.
Southern California — Generally cloudy Mon
day; llcht southwest 'wind.
Nevada— Cloudy Monday, probably with rain
or snow; brisk southeast wind.
San Francisco and vicinity— Cloudy Monday;
probably rain; fresh to brisk southerly wind
G. H. WILLSON. Local Forecast Official.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
• RUSS HOUSE.
E Gothold & w, Mon- T M Craig, Seattle
terey - R Prosser. Seattle
J Buck, Marysville- Dr J Thenien, Boston
L. D Anderson, Pacheco M E Pears & fy, Or
G T Reid & W, Tacoma E F Parker, Stockton
C A Byram, Los Ang Mrs C L Penett, Sacto
Mrs F H Brown & s, J D Evans & w, Cal
Boston L. -T Wr.tkins & d. 111
G McMullcn. Ukiah L L Gilbert, St Louis
J A Kills, Ukiah A Phelps, Summerdale
C S Carlln, Denver W H "Woodard.. w &
C A Crandall & w, .- d. Summerdale -'- -
Mich H H DuBols, S Rosa
Mrs E T Arnold, Cal T Shea & w, S Rosa
B Allen, Oakland E E McFarland, Va-
H Hodges, Oakland . caville
J Rafael, Oakland . . Mr & Mrs Basser, Cal
F J Adams, Hunter Pt C Denmark, Colusa
H H Hackenburg.Mlch F H Bottens, Clnn '
Mrs L E Capps, Seattle J Monham & \v, Kans
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
G S Crawford, Cal . Mrs C Gates, Los Ang
L Keskeys, Stockton Joe Bush. Redding-
W Devere & w, Valjo L A Brown, Redding
R M McKco & w, Cal A McLean, S Jose
J Linton, Iowa : J Mulroy, Inglesida
Abo Linton. Iowa F Hanson, Vallejo
"W H H Gorham &.w, J Brosnan. N Y ■
Cleveland . Mrs R Wolcott. Mich
N E Woodhouse, Iowa S L Wolcott, Mich
F Hlckle, Mich. EG Kay & w, Illinois
J Zerfass'&'w, Mo R L Turrfer, Oakland
F Van Barm, S Matco
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column fives the last tide of ths
day, except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are la
addition to the soundings of the "United States
Coast Survey charts, except when a minus (— )
sign precedes the height, and then the number
given is subtracted from the depth given by the
charts. The plane of reference Is the meaa of
tb» lover low waters.
OCF.ATT TBAV-X.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
1 it. Steamers leave A Broadway
i||ii_. Wharf, San Francisco:
E®C§2*_c For Alaskan ports— 11 a. — -.
' Dec - 2 - 7 - 12 - "• 22 ' V' Z fl2r
I itKfeS?}^^ Change to company's steam-
i C£%*»§1 ¥11 ers at Seattle.
Ft3S$?<LS3l For Victoria. Vancouver (B.
nP**&SM3RM C.). Port Townsend. Seattle,
StC Tacoma, Everett and New
Whatcom (Wash.)— 11 a. m.,
Tipp 9 1 i"> it 22 27. Jan. 1. Changa at be-
anie for this company's steamers for Alaska
and G ° N* Ry.T at P Seattle or Tacoma for N.
P^___J l Hffi_-f &&^V. »-. I**
Vo^lan^goVoPPial only -.t Saga Bar-
bara. Port Los Angeles and Redondo (Los An-
geles)-Steamer Santa Rosa, Sundays 9 a. m.
Steamer State of Cal.. Wednesdays, 9 a. m.
For Los Angeles, calling at Santa Cruz Mon-
terey, San Simeon, Cayucos, Port Harfprd (San
Louis Obispo). Gaviota, Santa Barbara, Cen-
tura, Huenime. East San Pedro, - San Pedro
and Newport— Steamer Corona. Saturdays. 9
tt "For Knsenada, Magdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlan. Altata La Paz, Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaymas (Mex.)— 10 a. m.. Ith of eacn
For further information obtain the company's
The company reserves the right to change
steamers, sailing days and hours of sailing;
without previous notice. >
TICKET OFFICE-4 New . Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel). I :
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agents,
10 Market st.. San Francisco.
-
O. £?• «& /¥. CO,
Only S«e__a.a_.iX> Xjlne to
PORTLAND, Op.,
And Short Rail Line from Portland to all
points East. Through Tickets to all
points, all rail or steamship and rail, at
IiCWEST X_\O>_S.
STEAMER TICKET3 INCLUDE BEBTEand MEALS.
SS. COLUMBIA Sails.... Dec. 4, 14. M, Jan- S.
SS. GEO. W. ELDER
Sails Not. 29, Dec. 9. 19, 29
Steamer sails from foot of Spear st., 11 a. m.
D. W. HITCHCOCK. Gen. Agt. 1 Montg'y, 3.F.
TOYO RISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF, COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m.,
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hiogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board oa
d»y of Balling.
6.S. NIPPON MARU... „
Wednesday, December _, 1M1
S.S AMERICA MARU
Saturday. January 4, 1908
S.3 HONGKONG MARU
Thursday. January SO, 19OT
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. Eor
freight and passage apply" at company's office.
421 Market street, corner First.
W. H. AVEP.Y. General Agent
AMERICAN LINE.
ftW TOSK. SOuTHAMPTOH. L0ND0H. PAU&
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Wednesdays at 10 a. m.
St. Louis Dec. 18[Zeeland Jan. 8
Philadelphia ....Dec. 25 St.' Louis Jan. 13
St.' Paul Jan. 1 [Philadelphia Jan. 22
RED STAR LINE;
Maw York and Antwerp.
From New Tork "Wednesday at 12 noon.
Southwark Dec. 18 *Zeeland .Jan. S
•Vaderland Dec. 25 Friesland '..Jan. 15
Haverford .Jan. 1 Southwark Jan. 22
•Slopping at Cherbourg, eastbound.
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO.,
CHAS. D. TAYLOR,
General Agent Pacific Coast. 30 rjontgomery at.
<Ua9»lA Pff if»A HAWAII, 8AU0A, KElffl
IBIrS^lL&J&X!)- ZEALAND AW SYDNEY,
Vy^SSS^^^*^/* D | 3E otL!SETO TAHITI
SS. ALAMEDA, for Honolulu
Saturday, Dec. 14, 2 p. m.
SS. SONOMA, for Honolulu, Samoa. Auckland
and Sydney. ...Thursday. Dec. 26, 10 a.-m.
SS. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti
Jan. 4. '02, 10 a. m.
J. D.SPEECKELS & BROS. CO., General Agents, 327 Hartet St
ten'l Passenger Gfe, 643 Market St., Pier Bo. 7. PaciSc St
DA&IAMA-Q B STEAMSHIP
nlNftiflA Hi K« LINE
TO NEW YORK VI 4 PANAMA DlRE3i\
Cabin, $105; Steerage, $40; Meals Free.'
6. S. Ar^yil soils Monday. Ue5. 9
jS. S. Leclanaw calls € aturday, Dec. 21
%. S. Argyll mils
From Lombard-street wharf at 2 p. m.
Freight and Passenger Office, 330 Market st.
F. F. CONNOR, Pacific Coast Agent.
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION CO.
And Cia Suci Americana da Yapores
To Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican, Central
and South American ports. Sailing from How-
ard 3, Pier 10. 12 m. •
CHILE (Twin Screw) .. TUCAPEL Dec 21
Dec. 7AREQUIPA Jan. 4
These steamers are built expressly for Cen-
tral and South American passenger service.
(No change at Acapulco or Panama). Freight
and passenger office, 316 California street.
BALFOUR, GUTHRIE & CO., Gen. Agents.
C0HPAGNI3 GENEBALB TRANSATLANTIC
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. _*.**—
Bailing: every Thursday, instead o* -iJRiJXSja
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from pier 42, «____»
North River, foot of Morton street.
First class to Havri, $70 and upward. Second
class to Havre, $15 and upward. GENERAL
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES and CAN-
ADA, S2 Broadway (Hudson building). New
York. J. F. FUGAZI & CO., Pacific Coast
Agents. 5 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tickets sold by. all Rallroaf. Ticket Agents.
BAY AND EIVER STEAMEBS.
SiTu7TliAv7~^^
Steanwn GEN. FRISBIS or MONTICELLO
9-45 'a m., 3:15 and 8:30 p. m., except Sun-
day. Sunday. 0:45 a. ra., 8:30 p. m. Leave*
Vallejo 1 a. m., 12:30 noon, 6 p. m.. except
Sunday. Sunday, 7 a. m.. 4:15 p. m. Fare 50
centi. Telephone Main 1508. Landing and
office, pier 1, Mission-street dock. HATCH
BROS. \
' RAILWAY TaAVEL. .
HOBTH PAGIPmGOAST RAILROAa
Via Sausellt* parry.
Commencing September 2», 1901.
WROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
tK AND SAN RAFAEL. ———=•*
•WEEK DAYS— 6:55. S:30. •9:30, 11:00 _ m.
n-45 3:15. * :15 - 5:15 > * S:15 > 6:43 p. m.
EKTRA TRIPS-For Mill Valley and • San
Rafael on Mondays. Wednesdays and Satur-
?„„ at 3:30 and 11:40 p. m.
SUNDAYS— »3:C0. »10:CO. *ll:30 a. m.. n:13.
S-15 *4:45 6:30. 9:20 p. m. - **
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— •5:23.' 6:27. 7:45. 8:35, «•_
- ra M2-.25. 2:13, »3:35. 4:40. 5:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesday*
and Saturdays at 6:45 and 9:55 p. m. , *"
SUNDAYS-6:15. »S:00. •10:00. niMS a. '-..
•1:4!) *3:15. 4:45 - * 6:20 V. m. ,
■ Trains marked (•) start from San Quentln
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DAYS-5:4o. 6:45. 7:55. 8:55. 10:30 i _T
12-35 2:45. S:50, 6:10 p. m. . *""•
EXTHA TRIPS on Monday3. Wednesdays and
Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:35 p. m. ,
BUNDAYS-8:05. 10:05 a. m.. 12:05, 2:15. 3:M
C:00 6:45 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINa
6:S5 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way sta-
1:45 p. m. Saturdays— Duncan Mljls and way
station^. . .
8:00 a. ra. Sundays— Duncan Mills and way
stations.
Legal Holiday boats and trains will run on
Sunday tlma.
tfiiifly Call $1.08 Eli
•R. ATT. WAT TBAVEL.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC.
Trains l«av« nail »r« dn« l« mrlte »t *
HAH filAMi'lHV**.
(Main Line. Foot of Market Street)
LXATX — FROU DlCSMBEB 8. 1901. — ARRIT1
7:00a. Benids, Sutenn, Elmira and Sacra-
men to... 8:3-1p
7:0Oa Vacarille, Witters, Rumsey 7:33p
7:30 A Martinez, S»u Ramon, ViUlejo, Napa,
_ Calistoga and Sauta Rosa U:25p
8:OOa Davis, Woodland. Knizbtt Landing.
MarysTiile, Orotille ' 7:53?
8:00* Atlantic Kxpresa — Ogden and East S:S3*
8:0«a Kiles, Lathrop, Stockton.... 7x33?
8:00a NUea, Mendota, Hanfoid. Visalia,
Porterrille 4:53?
8:30 a Shasta Express— DaTia, Williams (for
Bartlett Springs}. Willows, Ked
Bluff, Portland. 7:33*
ViS*A Bau Jose, LiTermote, Stockton,
lone, Sacrameuto, Placeryiile,
Mannille, Chico, Ued Bluff 4 sS3r
8iS0a Oakdale, Chinese, Sonora, Tuolmn n» 4:25?
V:OOa Hayward, Kiles and Way Stotious.. 11:»3a.
9:00a Vallejo 13:237
wiOOa Los ■ Angeles Express — Martinez,
Tracy, Lathrop, Stockton, Merced
Fresno ami Loa Anzeles 7:53a
9:80a Vallejo. Martinez aud Way Stations ?:33r
IO:OO a The Overland Limited— Ogden. Den-
ver, Omaha. Chicago S>23v
. fl:OOr Sacramento Kit er Steamers 1*1:007
3sOOrBenieia, Winters. flaeramento.
Woodland, KnlgbU Landing.
MarjiTille, OroTille 10:33a
S:S»r Hayward, Niles and Way SUUona.. 7:55*
4i00p Martinez, Han IUmou, Vallejo,
Napa. Callstoga. Santa Rosa wtSSr
4:00p Nlles, LiTermore, Stockton. Lodl... 13>23r
■liuor Hayward, Mien. San Jose. — rermoxtt {Si34a
4:30rTbe Owl Limited — Fresno. Tulais,
' ' ,••■■ BakersSeld, Sangus for Sauta Bar- " *
bara, Los Angeles 8:33a
SiOOp Port Ccs:a, Tracy. Lathrop, Stockton 1 0:23a
3:00p Martinez. Actioch, Stockton, Mer-
ced, Fresno , I3ia3»
«:OOp Hajward, Nile* and San Josa 7:33a
t6:O«r Vallejo 11:254
OtOOr Oriental Mall— Ogden, Denrsr. . ■ *
Omaha. St. Louis, Chicago 4j23a
7i00r Oregou and California l_pr«w,8M«
nmeuto, Maryitllle, Bedding,
Portland, Fuget .Sound and East 8:33a
8:03pSan Pablo. Port Costa, Martinez
and Way Stations 11:23a
t8H>ar Tallejo 7»S3p
COAST MNE1 (Narromr flange).
(Foot of HnrkBt Street.)
8:13a Newark.Centertiil»,HanJo«e,Feltoo r
Boulder Creek.SautaOruz and Wa» ■
Stations 3:30»
tailSr Newark, Center tIIIo. San Jose, New
Almaden, t'cltou. Boulder Creek,
Santa Cms and Principal Way
Stations v 10i.1l)A
4:13r Newark. Saa Jose. Lou Gatoa 18:30*
. o9.3o; Hunters' Traiu— San Jose and Way •
Stations t7J!O>
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
From SIS I RA5 CISCO — Fool tf H»rk«t Street (Slip 8)—
t7:15 9:C0 11:00a.U. 1:03 3:03 B:18r.n.
FronQUUIft— rtittrBruawiT.— 1«:00 13:00 13:03
10;OOt.M. 12:00 8:03 i:Q3r.M.
COAST LINE (Broad tiange).
(Third Mid Townaeiul SU.)
6:IOa San JoeeaiK*Wa/3_tionB.. ........ IHoX
7:00a Han Joae ami W*y Stations f9:e*r
/7MMu New Almaden.'. /4ilQ*
8:00a Coast Line limited — San Jose,
Gilroy, Salinas, San Lula Oblspo,
Santa, Barbara, Loa Angeles and
principal intermediate stations. ... 10:-13»
UiOOa Sail Jobs. Ties Finos. Bantu Cim,
Pacific tirove, Salinas, 8an Lois .
■ Oblspo and Principal iutermediata
Stations 4:10?
10:80a San Jose and Way Stations. 8:3«a
11:30a Han Jose aud Way Stations »;1Oa
t2:43p San Mateo, Uedwood, Menlo Park.
Palo A 1 to. Santa Clara. San Jose,
Tres Pinos, Santa Cruz. Salinas,
Monterey ami Paeitic Gxo»e f 10:45*
3:30p flan JoaeamMVay Htatiotis. l:»»p
44:1 Sr San Jose and Principal Way Stations 3s3Qf
4:30r Snnset Limited— Mondays, Wednes-
days, Fridays, for Loa Angeles, El
Paso. New Orleans and New York. v
ArriTea Sundays. Tuesdays and
Thursdays IOiISa
.f3:00r San Jose, Los Gatos aad Principal
Way Stations t»:««H
3:30r SanJois and Principal Way Stations 6:30r
4l:3Op San Jose and Way Stations ?:U0r
7:00r New Orleans Express — San Lois
Obispo, Santa Barbara, Los An-
geles. Dinning, El Paso, New Or-
lsans aad Bast. 7>3Aa
all:45p San Jose »nd Way Stations.... ?:3O?
A for Morning. ■ P for Afternoon,
t Sunday excepted. 1 Snnday only.
a Saturday only^ / Tnesdays and Fridays.
Santa Fe ~
Trains-Daiiy.
Leave Market-street * Ferry Depot.
Local Ldm'd Ovrl'd Local
Daily Daily Daily Dally
Lv. San Fran 7:20 a 9:00 a 8:00 p 4:20 p
Ar. Stockton. 10:lS a 11:45 a 11:10 p 7:18 p
" Merced... 12:25 p 1:17 p 1:30 a 9:11 p
" Fresno — 2:05 p 2:33 p 3:13 a 10:50 p
" Hanford.. 3:12 p 3:27 p 8:05 a
" Visalia.... 3:39 p 5:0i>a ........
•• Bakersfld. 6:15 p 5:20 p 7:45 a
" Kan City ;... 2:40 a 7:30 a
" Chicago 2:15 p 9:00 p
a for morning-, p for afternoon.
9:C0 a. m. train la the California Lim-
ited, carrying Palace Sleeping Cars and
Dining Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car
runs to Bakersfleld for accommodation of
local first-class passengers. Ho second-
class tickets are honored on this train.
Corresponding train arrives at 7:05 a. m.
daily.
4:20 p. m. 13 Stockton. Merced and Fresno
local. Corresponding train arrives at 12: JO
p. m. dally.
8:00 p. m. is the Overland Express, with
through Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
Free Reclining Chair Cars to Chicago; also
Palace Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno.
Corresponding train arrives at 6:00 p. m.
daily. I
7:20 a. m. is Bakersfleld Local, stopping
at all points In San Joacruin Valley. Cor*
responding train arrives at 8:40 a. m. dally.
Offices— €41 Market street and in Ferry
Depot, San Francisco; 1112 Broadway. Oak-
land.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEES
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
TIburon Ferry, Foot of Market St.
Son Francisco to San Rafael..
WEEK DATS— 7:S0, 9:00. 11:00 a. m.; _:_■
8:30 5:10. 6:30 p. m . Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. — . Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:&>
and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 3:00. 9:30. 11:00 a. nu; 1:30, 3:10.
6:00. 6:29 p. m.
San Rafael to San Francisco.
WEEK DATS— «:10, 7:50, 9:20, 11:10 a. m.; 12:45,
3:40. 6:15 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at l:ai
and <:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:10. »:40. 11:10 a. m.; 1:40: 3:40.
6:05, 6:25 p. m. j
Leave I In —Sect I Arrive
Ean. Francisco. (April .23, 1901. [ San Francisco.
Week I Sun- I I Sun- | Week
Days. I days. I Destination. | days. | Daya. _
7:30 am 8:00 am Novato, 10:40 am 8:40 am!
S:30pro 9:30 am Petaluma, 6:03 pm 10:25 aa»
5:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm 8:20 pm
Fulton.
7:30 am Windsor. 10:23 am
5:00 pm Healdsburg, 10:40 am
Lytton.
Geyserville,
1:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale, 7:33 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 am 5:00 pm Hopland, 10:40 am 10:25 am
3:30 pm 8:00 am and Ukiah. 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 am 10:40 am 10:25 am
8:00 am Guernevlllo. 7:35 pm
8:30 pm 6:00 pm <:20 pm
7:20 am 8:00 am Sonoma 9:15 am 8:40 am
and
6:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. 6:05 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 ami 8:00 ami 110:40 am 1 10:25 am
1:30 pm| 5:00 pm[ Sebastopol. | 7:35 prn| 6:20 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Fulton
for Altruria; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at
Geyserville for Skaggs Springs; at Cloverdale
for the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan
Bprlnss. Highland Springs. Kelseyville, CarU-
bad Springs, Soda Bay, Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
Springs, Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Springs, Upper Lake. Porno, Potter Valley,
John Day's, Riverside, Lierley's, Bucknell's,
Sanhedrtn Heights. - Hullville, Orr's Hot
Springs. Mendocino City, Fort Bragg, West-
port. Usal. Willits, Laytonville, Cummins.
Bell's Springs, Harris. Olsen's. Dyer, Scotia
and Eureka. - .
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re*
duced rates..
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office, 6S0 Market street. Chrostcls
building. . '- .<. -
H. C. WHITING, R. X. RYAN,
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agt.
MOUNT TAMALPAI5 RAILWAY
Leave Via Sausalito Ferry Arrive
San Fran. Foot of Market St. San Fran.
1:15 p. *• *• * wk DlJS "* |5:55 p.
Fm, Sm Fra_b» to Summit and Eetara. tl 90.
IS— stOAco, _L 11 m ~ ft y prvr ami _x__Il> 7XSSX.
f*%. Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
J_-»<-*jia 629 K—A—riTSr ST. .Established
gnQgn^Svi/^iii 155-4 for the treatment "f I'rlvatw
trhk 13±. 2-^i- Diseases. Lost Manuood. Debility or
&j53r3aSj3>s«*_ f! i* p aS'> wearingon body anil mind and
j_^ig^?3li'^! -Skin Di3*>ases. T'.ie Doctorcureswhea
5_S$S?is?aother3 fftH. Try him. ("barges low.
f\5_*_r_iafiire«cuamnt«'e«l. Call or writ*
2>r. J. F. t»IB3OA. aaa Frandscc. Cat
910
REPORTS SEEING
BODIES AFLOAT
Possible Remains of San
Rafael Wreck Vic
tims at Beach.
One Boy Says He Observed
Corpses, Another Finds
Life-Preserver.
What may possibly be the remains of
two victims of the collision between the
Sausalito and Sail Rafael are supposed to
be floating In the vicinity of the Heads.
John Young, 13 years old, and residing at
3787 Sacramento street, declares he saw
two bodies, close to shore, in the bight
between Bakers Beach and Fort Point
yesterday afternoon. The matter was re
ported to the Morgue, l^ater in the after
noon a life preserver, which had not been
in the water many days, was found by
Willie HcGuire, who resides in the same
neighborhood, but was not cognizant un
til later of Young's find.
Young's story is that he left his home
about noon yesterday on his bicycle for a
ride around the beach. He went tnrough
the Presidio, past Fort Point and then
along the blufts overlooking the bay and
ocean When he was about half way be
tween Fort Point and the life saving sta
tion he saw two dark objects floating in the
surf, and he climbed down the steep oanKs
to get nearer to them. He was almost
close enough to touch them, but hesitated,
and the bodies, buffeted around by the
waves and the ebb tide, were in his view
sufficiently long for him to get a fairly
accurate description of them.
Young climbed the bill, mounted his
wheel and hurried homeward. He notified
James Ryan, a grocer, who conducts a
store at 37S9 Sacramento street, of what
he had seen. Ryan Jumped on his wheel
and with Young returned to the spot. No
trace of the bodies could be found. A large
number of people were on the beach when
they returned, and as they proceeded
from Land's End to Fort Point they asked
each one they met If any floating objects
had been seen, but no* one had seen any
bodies.
While they were making these inquiries
young McGuire picked up the life pre
server. It was one of the sectional kind,
made of tules. 6uch as are on most of the
bay steamers. It was waterlogged and
very heavy. There was nothing on it to
indicate from what vessel it came. After
carrying it for some distance McGuire got
tired of his burden and hid the life pre-.
server among some rocks, where he thinks
he can find it again.
After their patrol of the beach Ryan,
Young and McGuire returned homa. Ryan
informed the Morgue of Young's state
ments and added the description of the
bodies seen by Young. Ryan said:
As soon as the lad informed me of what be
had seen. I lost no time in returning with
him, but we could find no trace of any bodies.
The ebb tide was running Etroxur and the
breakers were piling high on the beach. About
one hour's time was consumed from the time
Young saw the bodies until I returned with
him.
Apparently the bodies were those of middle
aged men, and Youns: was close enougrh to
touch one of them. He pave me a description
of them. Tan shoes and a dark suit were on
one. This man had been the possessor of a
brown mustache. On the other body was a
black fu it, and a dark mustache covered the
Up. Both bodies were considerably swollen. A
finger of one bore a gold ring. The other
Ehowed traces of having been eaten by crabs.
The boy repeated his story to a dozen differ
ent persons and I am sure he was telling the
truth.
At Young's residence It was stated that
he had retired and his father referred all
Inquirers to Grocer Ryan. McGuire said
he was on the beach about half an hour
after Young claimed to have seen the
bodies, but he saw nothing of them, al
though he picked up the life preserver al
most at the same spot. He says he can
find the life preserver at any time that it
is wanted.
SUCCESSFUL RAID ON
SANGUINETTI GAME
E. Allegrini, Saloon Man, Arrested
, as the Keeper and Five Men
as Visitors.
Chief Wittman Is keeping up his cru
eade against percentage gambling of all
torts, and now that he has put a. stop to
the nickel-in-the-slot machine play Of
ficers Levlngs and Wedekind have been
working on other lines.
It had been suspected for a long time
that the game of "sanguinetti," which is
known as Italian faro, was being played
in the rear of a saloon at 400 Broadway.
The two officers were successful late Sat
urday night in finding the game in full
blast. They arrested R. Allegrini as ths
keeper and Xicola Curiala, B. Demetrio
C. Salvatore. G. Barcelli and S. Corso as
visitors. They were all released on bonds.
The Chief said yesterday that Allegrini
will be cited to appear before the Police
Commissioners to-morrow night to show
cause why his liquor license should not be
revoked for allowing gambling on his
premiEeB.
Becover Stolen Cigars.
Detectives Regan and O'Connell yester
day recovered 350 cigars from Crowley &
Ecker's saloon, 17 Mason street, which
had been stolen from the Oregon Steam
ship Company's wharf, foot of Spear
etreet. by James Purcell, Matthew Qulnn
and John Clark, who were arrested on a
charge of grand larceny. When Crowley
•was notified that the cigars had been
stolen he surrendered them without put
ting the officers to the trouble of procur
ing a search warrant. The cigars were
taken to the property clerk's office. Yes
terday they recovered a bale and a haif
of tobacco from M. F. Crowley's grocery
221 Bryant street, which was stolen at the
same time.
SSStewartJ|^
;BanjosW^<5eo
J^-.\ and Guitars,
C 'THESE INBTRU
>^|Q/ * mente make idea!
afeA "^ Christmas gifts be- ■
cause they will thor-
oughly plea.se the recipient, whether
ne b« amateur, teacher or profes-
sional. They are the flneBt lnstru-
, merits In their respective class**
made anywhere, and are recognized
as 6uch the world over.
Every Instrument Is individually
made, numbered, registered, signed
and guaranteed. The exceeding care
. • taken Jn the manufacture of Stewari
& Bauer instruments renders them
perfectly true, powerful and rich In
* tone.
If at. all Interested call and se*
these famous Banjos, Mandolins and
Guitars; if out of town write for
catalogue B.
j Sherman, Cay & Co.,
Steinway Piano Dealers,
Cor. K*amy and gutter
sts., 6. F. ♦
Cor. 13th and Broadway. _j£^\
Til Second ave., Seattle. j*j$&*»^1
BAY WATERS ENGULF HOLBROOK
AND TWO FELLOW-BOHEMIANS
Ten Pleasure Seekers in a Launcfi Meet With Unexpected Acci
dent When They Hit Fierce Roll in : the Wake of a Tug
boat Off Presidio Shore and Heroic Rescues Are Attempted
HARRY HOLBROOK AND OTHER BOHEMIAN CLUB MEMBERS TAKE TO THE WATER OFF THE PRESIDIO
SHORE WHILE RETURNING ON A LAUNCH FROM MARE ISLAND TO SAN FRANCISCO AND AN EX
CITING STRUGGLE IN THE SHALLOW WATERS OF THE BAY FOLLOWS.
HELP! Save me! I'm In the
water and it's cold!" cried
Harry Holbrook, floundering in
the bay dressed In his Sunday
best. "Help, help! I want to
get out! It's cold!"
Cyrus Miller, U. S. V., rushed on deck
of the little launch that carried ten Bo
hemians on a pleasure jaunt yesterday to
Mare Island and back again.
"Man overboard on the starboard side!"
Miller shouted, and leaped in the bay,
swimming out to the sputtering Holbrook.
H. Davis, one of those aboard, was in a
heroic mood also, and he tried to earn a
life-saving medal right off the reel. Da
vis' Intentions were good, but he had
never learned the art of swimming. He
took a dive overboard, but floundered in
more noticeable fashion than Holbrook.
Luckily another launch happened to be
within easy reach and all were saved.
Just about this time Jack Wilson was
stripping to follow his friends either to
glory or to the bottom of the bay. Had
Wilson tried heroics the panic would have
been general and there would have been
ten Bohemian Club men sputtering
through salt water for help and salva
tion. Holbrook, Miller and Davis were
afterward taken to the Harbor Hospital
for resuscitation. At a late hour last
night they were In their homes and on
the speediest of roads to an absolute re
covery.
Spend Pleasant Sabbath.
"It was such a pleasant day," said on©
MORE HOLD-UPS
ARE REPORTED
S. Simpson Knocked
Down and Robbed on
Howard Street.
For some weeks past a number of rob
beries have been reported each Sunday
morning. Yesterday morning two men re
ported to the police that they had been
held up in the district south of Market
street, one by three young men, and the
other by a man with a revolver in his
hand.
S. Simpson, a housemover, living at 11
Decatur street, was on his way home
about 3 o'clock and while on Howard
street, between Fourth and Fifth streets,
three young men knocked him down and
robbed him of a nickel watch and a
nickel, which was the only coin he had in
his pockets. They ran along Howard
street and disappeared down Fourth. He
was unable to give a description of them.
Charles Bergeman, 35 Stanley place, re
ported that shortly after midnight, while
ne was walking along Bryant street, be
tween Second and Third, a man stepped
out from the shadow of a building and,
presenting a revolver at his head, de
manded his money. The robber went
through Bergeman's pockets but found
nothing. He then told Bergeman to walk
in the direction of Third street and not
make any outcry or he would shoot him.
J. Condon, residing at 16 Chesley street,
was attacked by five men on Harrison
street, between Seventh' and Eighth, yes
terday afternoon and after being knocked
down was robbed of $5 and a gold watch.
Condon was walking along the street
when he was hit from, behind and felled
to the sidewalk. He was kicked about the
head and face. One of the hoodlums
searched his pockets, taking what money
he had. The injured man was treated at
the Emergency Hospital for an extensive
lacerated wound over the left ear and sev
eral contused wounds of the face. The
robbery was reported to Captain Spillane,
who detailed a special officer on the case.
Philip Krell, a. showcase manufacturer,
after dining with some friends at a
restaurant on Pine street, below Mont
gomery, left them about 1:30 o'clock last
night and proceeded to the corner of Cali
fornia and Sansome streets. As he neared
the corner a man aDproached. pointed a
pistol at his head and demanded his
money. Krell grappled with his assail
ant and called for the police.
The robber grabbed. Krell's watch am
chain and attempted to get awav, bu
Krell held on to his man until Offlcen
Leonard and Farrell came up and ar
rested the would-be robber. During th<
melee the watch taken from Krell wai
thrown away. The robber also got rid oi
his pistol. A search was made for th<
missing nroperty and it was found neai
the scene of the struggle.
The prisoner gave his name as Fran*
Graham and his age at 24 years. He wai
4»
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, DECEMBER 9, 1901.
of those unwashed by the sad green
waves, "that we thought we would spend
the Sabbath on the bay."
Ten Bohemians went out in a Risdon
Iron Works launch. They were Harry
Holbrook, Cyrus R. Miller, U. S. N.; H.
Davis, Orrin Peck, Jack Wilson, Tom Mc-
Caleb, Allen Wallace, a grandson of Cor
nelius Vanderbilt; Judge McAllister, E.
M. Greenway and W. F. Goad.
With lunch aboard; the party started at
10 o'clock yesterday morning.
"Is there any one aboard who is a deep
sea sailor?" inquired Jack Wilson, sun
ning himself aft.
"Aye, aye, sir," came the answer from
Holbrook.
Then they all voted, but instead of
sticking the launch's nose through the
gate they steered straight for Mare Isl
and.
"It's such a pretty place to lunch," said
Peck, the artist.
Song, mirth, laughter and jokes beat
time with the thrum and throb of the gas
oline engine from San Francisco to Val
lejo. At Mare Island the Bohemians in
proper spirit walked through the grounds
and marveled at the big boats. They en
joyed it hugely— at least, so they told one
another. About 2 o'clock Greenway gath
ered the launchers together with the fol
lowing speech:
"Boys, we must be moving. This is
■winter and a storm may spring up at any
moment. Then, again, that awful fog "
That was enough. Visions of collisions
began to flitter through ten minds and
the entire party embarked for San Fran
cisco. They felt even better on the return
trip. The sky looked bluer, the sea a
more restful green and the winter sun
never so warm.
booked on a charge of robbery, the watch,
chain and pistol being booked as evidence
against him. The police believe the" have
found in him one of the men who have
been holding up belated pedestrians for
the past several weeks.
Uses Clawhammer as Weapon.
Fred V. Schwartz and James Gleason,
being In love with the same girl, settled
their troubles yesterday In a basement un
der a grocery store at the corner of
Geary and Jones streets. Schwartz, who
is connected with the store, was down
in the basement when Gleason went
down to explain to him that he consid
ered he had the first call on the . young
lady's affections. This title was dis
puted by the man who has the privilege
of waiting on customers in the store,
and, not desiring to lose any valuable
time adjusting love matters, smote Glea
son on the head with a clawhammer.
Both men were taken away in- the patrol
wagon, Schwartz to be booked for an
assault with a deadlv weapon and Glea
son to have his cuts stitched at the
Emergency Hospital.
Veteran Police Elect Officers.
The men who did duty on the police
force, but who now draw pensions and
are known as the Veteran Police, held a
meeting yesterday at the City Hall and
elected the following officers for the en
suing year: President. I. W. Lees; vice
president, C. J. Houghtaiing; secretary,
W. C. Moorehouse; treasurer, T. D
Barnstead.
1
AN" EYEGLASS ORDEB,
makes one of the most useful
and appropriate Christmas
presents for a relative or friend.
You can obtain an order from
us for glasses to be fitted to the
recipient of the order upon
presentation of same to us. Our
large stock of glasses and ex-
perience as opticians enable us
to give perfect satisfaction, no
matter how complicated the
case may be.
REMEMBER OUR NAME
AND NUMBER.
2I7Kearnei/5tr5.E
Greenway's fog was all a fear-born illu
sion, and they told him so. Out of San
Pablo Bay, through Racoon Straits, "the
jolly crew and the skipper, too," steamed
right into their own pleasure ground.
Then they got a puff of wind and a bit
of ruffled sea. Goad thought -he must
have eaten something that did not just
suit his stomach. Peck said he knew
that ecrevisse was bad to sail on. Wal
lace, who has sailed the deep Atlantic in
Cornelius' yachts, laughed and puffed
away at a two-bitter, satisfied with the
sea, the sky, the lunch and the company.
It was at this stage that the launch
steered for the Presidio shore. Holbrook
was stationed on the starboard bow • to
look out for signs and countersigns. By
a piece of reckless daring the skipper tooh
them right in the wake of a passing tug
boat. Up in the air went launch and pas
sengers; down in the sea they came with
a churning roll.
"It was a terrible, tremendous affair,"
said Peck.
And here Harry Holbrook, feeling sad,
lonely and uneasy; parted company from
the starboard side of the launch.
Holbrook's overcoat saved him. It
spread out on the water and inflated like
a balloon. Two minutes elapsed before
Miller reached him. Then Davis sought
the main and the rescue followed by the
other launching party. Davis is looked
upon as the hero— he couldn't swim, yet
he jumped in to save a friend in distress.
"If we hadn't held fast to Wilson," was
told In confidence In the Bohemian Club
last night, "it would have been a terrible
affair. But really and honestly, now that
it is all over we are as jolly fellows aa
ever we were."
LUZON BOLOMEN
SLAY AMERICANS
Fate of Party of Pour
Utah Prospectors Is
Learned.
WHITE SULPHUR SPRINGS, Utah.
Dec. 8.— The fate of George Hayes and a
party of three prospectors, who left here
to prospect in the Philippines in 1899, has
been revealed in a letter just received in
this city. The party has been missing
since March, 1900, and every effort to lo
cate the miners had been futile.
Rev. C. J. Lenhart, formerly a minister
in Hawaii -and now residing at Manila,
was induced by friends of the missing
men to take up the search. Diligent In
quiry on his part disclosed the fact that
the party, disregarding the warnings of
the military not to venture beyond its
lines of defense, had gone into the moun
tains of Central Luzon. Later the bodies
of the four men were - found, literally
chopped to pieces by bolomen. The heads
chopped to pieces . by bolomen.
AUCTION.
ABSOLUTELY WITHOUT
RESERVE. LIMIT OR SUBTERFUGE.
MONDAY December 9
AND DAILY AT 2 P. .M.
331 PoSt St. Powell
COME. SEE AND HEAR.
Then you win know that Ruga are really cell-
ing at your own prices.
SPECIAL^ EVENING ' SALE • THURSDAY,
j., FRIDAY and SATURDAY at 8 O'CLOCK.
• ■ AI. B. MIHRAN.;
FITCH'S COMEDY
WILDLY WESTERN
"The Cowboy and the
Lady " Most Admira
bly Realistic.
Good Bills Are Presented at
All the Local Play
houses.
The usual blood-and-thunder "West,"
punctuated with pistols, perfumed with
cocktails and hustling its way through
ranch, dance-hall and courthouse, is the
"West" that has got into Clyde Fitch's
comedy-melodrama, "The Cowboy and
the Lady," that is the week's bill at the
California. The atmosphere is admirably
realistic and the very competent com
pany that S. Miller I^ent brings with him
is fully up to the mark in maintaining it.
There is not a failure throughout the
cast. "The staging is picturesque in the
extreme, and the drama compels enjoy
ment from its first word to the final cur
tain.
S. Miller Kent is the cowboy hero, but
does not get all, though he gets a. deal,
of what there is in the part. He is heavy
handed in the comedy, but handles the
tragedy with conviction and has a neat
touch in sentiment. Miss Ethelyn Pal
mer, who essays the "Lady's" part, also
lacks lightness in the comedy. Through
the lack her first scene, where she has to
make somewhat gratuitous fun of the
cowboy— also an amateur cocktail—be
comes almost what the purists call vulgar
and their enemies "tough," and her right
about-face to the fine lady of the. second
act rather puzzles in consequence. But
she is powerful and convincing on the
emotional side. Clever sketches, excel
lent sketches, are done by Rapley Holmes,
Bert Merkert, Joseph Williams as cow
boys; Weston, the villain, is well "acted
by Ralph Yoerg; Benjamin Bradbury
smudges in an Indian without much ben
efit to the picture; Charles J. Burbridge
and Frederick Malcolm are a Judge and
attorney with point and conviction.
The women without exception are good.
Blanche Rice is a young girl who plays
Midge with naive and attractive youth
fulness; Annie "Wood is a hilariously
funny Miss Prissims, and Molly Larkins,
the dance hall proprietress, is cleverly
done by Mathilde Weffing.
At the Columbia Theater to-night Jef
ferson de Angelis will appear In the oper
atic novelty, "A Royal Kogue." From all
accounts it is a good production and De
Angelis comes here surrounded . by a
strong company, including Henry Nor
man, Miss Helen Byron, Miss Adella Bar
ker, Charles Dungan, Edmund Lawrence,
John Dudley. Mite Gertrude Mackenzie.
Frank Kelly. Miss Adine Bouvier, Miss
Emily Francis and Miss Maud Poole. "A
Royal Rogue" was written by Charles
Klein of "El Capitan" fame, and the mu
sic is by William T. Francis. The produc
tion to be seen here is the same that won
favor at the New York Broaway Theater.
Some rich and effective costuming is
promised.
• • •
To-night, at the Grand Opera-house,
"The Crust of Society" will give way to
"A Wife's Peril," the second play of the
Minnie Seligman engagement. Miss Selig
man has the role in Sardou's drama that
was made famous by Lily Langtry and
should find It a congenial one.
Next Friday afternoon, at the Grand
Opera-house, the first concert of the sym
phony series that is to be given under the
auspices of the San Francisco Symphony
Society will take place at 1:15 sharp. The
orchestra of fifty-five members is under
the direction of Paul Steindorff, with
GIullo Minetti as concertmeister. A va
ried and Interesting programme has been
arranged and everything points to the se
ries being an artistic and financial suc
cess. The sale of single seats begins in
the morning, with prices at $150, $1, 75
cents and 50 cents.
"Christopher Jr.," a successful comedy,
will, be the Alcazar bill this week. It is
said to call for almost the full strength
of the Alcazar Stock Company, at present
one of the strongest stock organizations
in any popular house. "The Gay Mr.
Lightfoot" is announced for next week.
Another sensational mechanical melo
drama will be put on at the Central Thea
ter to-night. Charles E. Blarney's "The
Electrician." One of the features of the
melodrama Is a power-house In full work
ing operation, and the balance of the
piece will have the good staging that is
generally to be seen at the Central. The
competent company will be appropriately
cast and the exciting incidents of the play
should suffice to keep the patrons of the
house interested for an evening.
The new bill which opens at The Chutes
to-day includes Rawson's famous animal
actors, consisting of dogs, ponies and
goats; Brady and Hamilton, Irish comedy
duo; Ellis and Bowman, vocalists; The
Lockos, bag punchers, and Leando broth
ers, comedy acrobats. A series of new
moving pictures will also be shown.
One of the best bills ever presented at
the Orpheum was given last night. The
appearance of J. Sherrie Matthews, for
merly of Matthews and Bulger, assisted
by Norma Whalley, Sam Marion and W.
H. McCart. was decidedly the feature of
the evening and is one of the best vaude
ville turns ever seen on the coast. Their
musical skit, "A Lawless Lawyer," cap
tivated the audience. Mr. Matthews and
Mr. McCart made a pronounced hit with
a clever parody on "When Shakespeare
Comes to Town." Sam Marion, a Cali
fornia boy, got a splendid reception. He
is a graceful dancer. La Belle Tortajada
in Spanish songs and dances Is the best
representative of such specialties that
ever crossed the ocean. The Dumond Pa
risian Minstrels, a trio of whimsical com
edians, are comedians and musicians of
great merit. Flo Irwin and Walter Haw
ley in their humorous conceit. "Caugnt
With the Goods," give a thoroughly en
tertaining and polished act. Werden and
Shtperd, illustrated song vocalists, scored
an immense success. The stereoptlcon
pictures used to illustrate a series of well
selected and well sung songs surpasses
anything In this line seen at the Orpheum.
Other worthy features of the bill are
Fred Niblo, the monologist, and the Fra
zer troupe, international dancers.
Charity Martin, the favorite soprano,
will be heard in new solos at Fischer's
Concert-house this week and she will also
sing duets with the favorite tenor, John
Desmond. The Mullaly sisters, novelty
singers and dancers, will make their first
appearance here, as will also Demine and
Carrol, clever sketch artists. Charles
Barrtngton promises a unique act, an<l
Satuella, a wonderful contortionist, will
reappear. Blanche Reynolds changes her
trombone solos, Kalacratus, equilibrist
and hoop roller, will appear, and Hin
richs' excellent orchestra will present a
varied programme. •
To-night the Pollard Australian Juve
nile Opera company will begin the last
week of Its engagement at the Tlvoli.
The clever children will be heard this
week in a new musical comedy, "In
Town," to be given for the first time here.
It is said to be bright and snappy and
with all the tuneful music necessary to
the success of its kind. The Pollard "kid
dles" must be seen to be believed and will
doubtless find in "In Town" another op
portunity to show what can be done by
children who cannot only sing, but dance,
and not only dance and sing, but act in
a fashion to shame all but the best of
their elders in the same game.
Immense Bankrupt Sale of Clothing
Will start Thursday. The stock will be
placed on Tuesday and Wednesday. This
afternoon precisely at 3 o'clock anybody
that is interested can see the unloading
of the Brick stock, which will be done at
that time, and no customers will be served
thereafter until the opening of the great
est Bankrupt Clothing Sale that will take
place on Thursday, at 9 a. m., at the Bos
ton, 773 Market St., near Fourth. *
Wanted in Los Angeles.
Li. O. Beamer, a horse trader, was ar
rested yesterday by Detectives Whittaker
and.McMahon on a dispatch from the
Sheriff of Los Angeles, charging him with
obtaining money by- false pretenses. He
will be taken to the southern city to-day.
Trapper's Oil cures rheumatism and neuralgia.
Druggists, 50c flask. Richard & Co. 106 Clay. •
ADVERTISEMENTS. y
Ladles' Linen CamDrlc and Sheer Linen Hemstltcnel
HANDKERCHIEFS, I and I lncU bem
.$1.50, $2.00, $3.00, up to $9.00 Dozen
Ladles' Sheer Linen Hand-Emhroldered HANDKER-
CHIEFS, hemstitched, scalloped and lace edges
15c, 25c, 503, up to $5.00 Ea:h^f
Ladles' Linen Camhric and Sheer Linen Initialed HAND-
KERCHIEFS, Hnch ham $1.00, $1.50 and $3.00 Box
t\alf Dozen In a Box,
Ladies' Sheer Linen Demi Laundered Hemstitched and
Embroidered HANDKERCHIEFS 15c and 25c Eash
Ladies' Sheer Linen HANDKERCHIEF CENTERS, 9 and 11
Inches scniare, I and I inch hem 25c and 40c Eacb
Gents' Linen Camhrlc Hemstitched HANDKERCHIEFS,
1, 1 and l Inch hem $2.00, $3.00, up to $9.00 Dozen
Gents' Initialed Linen Camhric HANDKERCHIEFS, J-lncn
hem $1.50, $2.40 and $3.00 Box
Half Dozen In a Box.
Gents' Plain Silk Hemstitched HANDKERCHIEFS
. — 50c, 75c, $1.00 and $1.25 Eacb
Gents' Initialed Silk HANDKERCHIEFS '. . .
: 40c, 50c, 75c and $1.00 Eacb
Gents' Silk REEFERS and MUFFLERS, in White, Black
and colors $1.00 up to $2.50 Eacb
Ladles' Real Duchesse Lace HANDKERCHIEFS and V-
COLLARS $2.00 to $30.00 Eacb '
We have also received, a large shipment of LADIES'
NECKWEAR, in Llhertu and Net Ruffs, Silk Stock
Ties and Jahots and Feather Boas.
OUR GLOVE ORDERS MAKE VERY ACCEPTABLE
CHRISTMAS GIFTS.
HI, 113, 115. 117, 119. 121 POST STREET.
6OLPBEBB. BOffEW h CO'S SPECIAL SATINS BALI
Christmas
tree ornaments
Come early
Bon bons Candy boxes
Party souvenirs Dinner favors
Bonbonniere toys
Gorgeous candle shades
Monday Tuesday • Wednesday
Tea
Our regular 50c quality— - i nr
all flavors but "Bee" brand Ceylon^^
Asparagus
Bouldin Island— tips IOC
reg'ly 12^0^ • /
25c can Our Choice 1 for 45c
Cocoanut
Scheppe— shredded— o lbs 4.CC
reg'ly 30c lb
Gelatine
Cox— known everywhere— , r ro _
reg'ly 20c large pckg 3 t0 * 5 OC
Hams
Old Dominion— guaranteed— T j r
reg'ly i6clb l4 r\
Christmas plum-pudding
' Eggs
Fresh laid— guaranteed doz 35c
btring beans
Clear Lake— 1 for 25c
reg'ly 15c can dozen $1 40
Holmes & Coutts— hand made
wafers — 5 flavors— reg'ly 30c — Z 5 C
long round cans — fresh stock
Order early and secure first
selection— better service assured
Lentils
German — large ones — _i 11 ■■
reg'ly ioc lb 3^ lbs 25c
Pop-corn
The kind that pops quick . it. _ _.„
and white— reg'ly 3 lbs 25c 4 ibs 2 5 C
French oil
Direct importation of «:„«. ,„„
finest French olive P int 4°C
oil— reg'ly 50c and full quart 7CC
$1 bottle M ' 3
Prunes
California— » . 11 „ -^ / •
regMyjoclIb . '-* lbs 2 5 C
60LDBIBS. BOWES a CO'S SPECIAL SAVIS3 SALl
Pi m ie n tos
Spanish peppers— . 2 for 2£C
reg'ly 15c— 25c can 2 OC
French peas
Extra fine petits pois — 2OC
reg'ly 25c can doz $2 40
Listerine
Lambert— disinfectant i aro ._ u.^ /-__
antiseptic lar g e bot b 5 c
Ginger ale
Schweppe— rich— sparkling— <* _ „ •
reg'ly 5150 doz 5 1 35
Vermouth
French or Italian —
reg'ly 60c quart bottle . 5 OC
Porter and ale
White label Bass a!e— Guinness <i -? "\
stout— reg'ly $2 and $2 25 doz v ■* '
Brandy
California— pure— medicinal 75c
reg'ly $1 bottie— 54 gallon $3
Port w i n e
California private stock — fO r
reg'ly 75c bottle— c
$2 50 gallon 52
Riesling
- Mountain vineyard — 3 years' old — /: „ _
rich full body— reg'ly $1 gallon °5 C
Dentifrice
Wright's— keeps the teeth clean T r ~
and white — reg : ly 20c tube -> u
Holiday groceries
Ripe olives— new lot— very fancy
Banquet olives — immense in size
Eastern huckle-berries for pies
Hawaiian pine apple in stock again
Fruit cake as good as home-made
Finnan haddie for breakfast
Open evenings until Christmas on and
after December 14th ¥m~
Oa Pine 1131 Sutler 2800 California San FrancJsca T
Thirteenth and Clay Streets Oakland 0
(Perfect Eye-Glasses
Fitfefc by L$pertt)ptici&r\5
"?jj^
'OPTICIAN^Horr^^^Tus,
642 Market St,. ins™1ents>
DR.MCNULTY.
rpms wErx-K^owN and rkliable om>
L Specialist enret Blood Poison. (ionorrhcen,GI?>-^
Stricture. Seminal Weakness. Impotence and thcF.
allied Disorders. Moofc on Diseases of Men. fr«&
Ovpr20yearsVxperience. Terms reasonable. Hoars!
9 to3daily;6:30to8. TOev'gs. Sundays, io to 12. Consul-
tation freeandaacredly confidential. Call or addxeta
P. IIOSCOE McNUIiTY, M.D.
2GK Kearny St., San Francisco, CaL