VOLUME XC-NO. 39.
LEADER OF THE AMALGAMATED ASSOCIATION, THE PRESIDENT OF
THE UNITED STATES STEEL CORPORATION AND CELEBRATED
FINANCIER WHO BROUGHT ABOUT BILLION-DOLLAR COMBINE.
NEW YORK, July 8.— Howard B. Rog
ers, a nephew of the late Jacob S. Rogers
of Paterson, N. J. r has been served with
notice from the relatives of the deceased
millionaire that the latter's will; be
queathing the bulk of his estate ' to the
Metropolitan Museum of Arts, will be con
tested,. '¦':: • -:-J
' ¦ •¦;.-
Contest Over Dead Man's Millions.
ing house in Paris with a capital of £10,
000,000."
Terrible , Loss of Life by Recent
Floods in the Province
of Kiangsi.
LONDON, July 9.— According ',, to tha
Shanghai 'correspondent of the Standard,
j more than'4000 persons have been drowned
| by ' recent ¦ ' floods " in ' the province * of
FOUR THOUSAND PEOPLE
. ABE DBOWNED IN CHINA
The police at first were under the im
pression that the dead man committed
suicide. A general alarm has been given
for the arrest of two men who are sus
pected of being members of the Mafia,
They are believed to have followed Sala
mando from Manhattan and shot him
Meanwhile Salamando, who had been a
member of .the Red Cross Society, re
signed from it as a further means of con
cealing his Identity,.: He, told his friends
that he had received information from a
member ; of the Mafia that he was a
marked man, and that his death would be
the result.
seme money in order that he might leave
the city to evade the Mafia's revenge,
Salamando was married twice, and until
two years ago resided in Philadelphia,
where he lived with his first wife. While
in Philadelphia he had a great deal of
trouble. He was arrested for practicing
medicine without a license, but managed
to vindicate himself. Next he had trouble
with a jewelry firm, and to escape arrest
fled to this city, leaving his wife behind,
He assumed the name of Dominico "de
Lucca, under which he married again
about a year ago.
NEW YORK, July 8.— Dominico An
tonio Salarrando, 22 years old and a drug
gist of 1271 Prospect place, Brooklyn,
was discovered dead with a bullet wound
li! his head in Prospect place, near Troy
cvcriue, early this morning. It is believed
that he was a victim of the Italian Mafia
Society, lie had feared assassination be
cause he had several years ago caused
the death of a mt-mber of the society in
Italy.
Frcnj the dead man's wife it was
learned that he had been visiting his
brother-in-law in the hope of obtaining
AMERICAN MILLIONAIRES
WILL OPEN A BANK IN PABIS
Rockefeller and Morgan Will Be the
Promoters of a Large Finan
cial Institution.
LONDON", July 9.— "It is reported here."
cays the Paris correspondent of the Dally
Mail, "that John D. Rockefeller and j. P.
Herman have decided to establish a bank-
Dom in ico Antonio Salamando, a Harked flan, Found
Dead From a Bullet Wound.
worth Leaguers are planning entertain
ment for the visitors. They will be given
a carriage ride around the cliff and other
wise amused.
THOUSANDS ON ONE TRAIN.
Largest Tourist Excursion That Eve?
New York.
Crossed Continent Leaves
r NEW YORK, July 8.— Probably the larg
est railroad tourist excursion that ever
crossed the continent started this morn-
Ing from the Jersey City terminal of tho
Pennsylvania railroad. The excursionists
consisted of men and women bound for
San Francisco to attend the annual con
vention of the Epworth League, which
Is to be held in that city. So large was
the crowd that It was necessary to run
the train in four sections. '
The sections of the train were made up
of eight cars each, Including vestibuled
sleeping cars, dining cars and observation
cars. The.four trains had comfortable ac
commodation for 4CO passengers and the
number of passengers booked showed that
there would be no vacant places in either
section by the time the western boundary
of Pennsylvania was reached.
Each train was under the charge of a
tourist agent who will personally direct
its movements and look after the comfort
of the passengers, and of a chaperon, who
will devote her time to the women of the
party. Meals will be served regularly on
the trams and stcss will be made alons
the route at the various points of e cento
or historical Interest. The return trip
will be made through the wild mountain
scenery of the Canadian Northwest,
services and. addresses, mornings, after
noons and evenings, in the Pavilion, Met
ropolitan Temple, the Alhambra Theater
and some of the largest churches.
With the possible exception of finances,
everything is progressing smoothly.' The
immense organ loaned by Mrs. Stanford
for use during the convention has been
erected in the Pavilion~ A. great canopy
of bunting in the colors of the Epworth
League, designed to cover the entire seat
ing room 'of the building, is well on to
ward completion. Registration , com
menced Sunday and 6300 young people of
San. Francisco are now wearing the offi
cial badse. .
The plans of the music committee are
"practically completed. Mr. Husband an
nounces that rehearsals for the grand
concert will be held on Thursday and Fri
day. On Monday the chorus of 2000 voices,
selected from all parts of the State, will
have its preparatory practice. Professor
W ( F,° Sheele of Los Angeles will play the
great organ, Mr, Sheele has spent months
of study on the instrument and his com
mand of It is said to be admirable, W,
B, King of Oakland will play accompanl-.
ments to the chorus, The famous Juanita
Club of Chicago and the Park Sisters of
New York City will also assist at the con
cert. " . '
Subscriptions Coining In Slowly\
W. de L, Kingsbury, who has charge of
the collection. of funds to defray the ex
penses of the convention, says that sub
scriptions are not ' coming in- as rapidly
as would seem necessary in view of tho
fact: that nearly half of the desired
amount must be , forthcoming within a
week, The Epworth League officials feel
that the people of the city should respond
to the call more readily-, for there proba
bly" will be fully 60,000 strangers in San
Francisco who will spend here hundreds
of thousands of dollars. , . !
* The amount received up to to-day is $13,
300, of which the following was subscribed
yesterday: ' ..- V-y'-A
Examiner, $300; Chronicle, $200; .Wybro, Hen
dry Co., $100; Roos Bros., $50; M. J. .Branden
stein, $CCj Pacific Transfer Company, $50; Red
lnston.& Co., $3C; W. W. Montague, $50 ; F.
Belated, $23; Griffin & Skclly Co., $2*; N. Mey
erfeld. $25; Sherman, Clay & Co., $25; Com
mercial Hotel. $25; Kins, Ward & Co., $25;
Yokohama Specie Bank, $25; Golden "West
Hotel, $23; J. J. Gottlob, $25; total, $975.
Leaguers to Visit Santa Cruz.
-. SANTA CRUZ, July 8.— During the In
ternational .Epworth League Convention
an excursion is. to be run to Santa Cruz.
The local Christian Endeavorers and Ej>-
DENVER GIBL ASSAILED
BY AN INSANE KAN
Jessie Kinport Dragged From Her
Boom and Hex Body
S Mutilated,
DENVER, July 8-— Jessie Kinport, a girt
14 years of age, was dragged from her
room at her home on West Ninth avenue
to-night and taken to a vacant lot near
by. When found her body was horribly
mutilated and she was in a serai-con
sclous condition. The police did not learn
of the affair until late, and details are not
known at this time. However, Chris Jan
son was arrested by Officer Lambert and
is held at the station pending; an investi
gation. His arrest occuxed In a peculiar
.way* Officer Lambert was returning to
headquarters with some stray stock wh,en
he noticed a man standing: on a corner on
South Fifteenth street. His strange
actions attracted the officer, who ap
proached him. As he did so, Jan3on
whipped out a knife and declared- he
would not be taken. Lambert disarmed
him and brought him to the station. The
knife that ! was taken from Janson was
covered with blood. All the way to the
station he kept speaking; of trouble ho
had had with a woman which necessitated
him cutting her up pretty badly. Jan
son's actions are those of an insane man
and .the police believe that he is the per
son who assaulted and cruelly butchered
the girl. At a late hour to-night the girl
was in a dangerous condition, but nay
recover.
QAYLY decked with banners of red
and white and gold, a score of
special trains, bearing the Van
guard of Epwbrth League dele-
, gates to the' international' con
vention, are speeding westward to the
land of fruit and flowe.rs. Thousands of
,mtrry leaguers started on- their pilgrim
age to the Golden Gate yesterday. Thou
sands more will begin the journey to-day.
The end of the week will see the line of
march complete.
Behind them the friends who cannot
cofne wave farewells and wish them joy
on their way. Before them Is a land
whose praises they have heard sung since
childhood and whose beauties they' long
to see. Their eyes are expectantly turned
toward the 'cities beyond the ¦ Rockies
which are eagerly, waiting- to -give them
a glorious welcome,' and San Francisco
more than all is planning for them an
ovation, the equal of which they have
never before beheld, . . . , . • ;
The visitora are coming : from - every
State in the Union, from Canada, from
Mexico, from- Honolulu and" from across
the Atlantic, The intent of most of them
is to make a tour of the principal points
of interest m the West, with California
as the climax of their sight-seeing .pil
grimage. Then will come the' conven
tion, which is to be one of the greatest
affairs of its kind ever held. ,
Here they, will meet together in 'honor
of their great religious organization." They
will listen to the words of many men
whose fame is . universal, .They. will seo
a land unequaled, , California intends that
they, shall ¦ depart with hearts full of joy
and thankfulness, The delegates will be-'
gin to arrive in- numbers the latter part
of this week', but the railroad officials
say that the greater part of them will not
be here until next Tuesday. !"
Elaborate Receptions Arranged, .
Committees have .been at work arrang
ing for their j reception - for many months.
When first the visitors cross; the borders
of the State theywill be greeted by en
thusiastic young people^ who' will load
them with gifts of the choicest products
of California. Guides in gay uniforms will
meet them at; the stations and- conduct,
them to points to; which they, may wish
to go. Accommodations. to meet;their de
sires have J>een secured : for. them. : Every
sort of entertainment for their benefit has
been arranged. ,
..• ,The • convention . will open with a grand
concert in '¦ Mechanics', Pavilion on the
evening of July jj 16. Jjj For the' four . days
following" there will be lectures, religious
"President Shaffer of the Amalgamated
Association requested a conference with
representatives of the sheet and hoop iron
interests and our answer was a favorable
one. That conference was held to-day at
Pittsburg. The . statement that there
would be a meeting. here to-day with j.
Pierpont Morgan In attendance Is errone
ous. There was no meeting/and as far as
I know Mr. Morgan has taken no part
in the matter. We here in New York are
watching the situation, but we .have
taken no part in the alleged. differences.
I know ' nothing of any future meetings
hero and don't believe there will be any "
NEW YORK, July S.— The directors of
the United- States Steel Corporation and
the companies forming it who are in New-
York are watching the strike situation
closely, but have taken no direct part in
the dispute. One of the directors of the
general corporation made this statement
to-day: • .
funeral he came to Pittsburg and the con
ference was held shortly after his arrival.
Under the present arrangement the
Wellsville men will remain at ¦work pend
ing a settlement of disagreement on
Thursday. None of the combine repre
sentatives who could be seen would talk
on the strike troubles. It is known,' how-'
ever, that Vice President Arms of the
American Sheet Steel Company received
President Shaffer's telegram containing
his ultimatum at Toungstown, where he
was attending the funeral of his mother
in-law, and that Immediately after the
"I did announce that I would not treat
with the employers until matters were
adjusted at Wellsville. and that I would
declare a general strike on Thursday If
matters were not fixed, but I later
changed my mind. I am not at liberty
to state what brought this about, but it
will come out in good time."
President Shaffer said to-night:
General Strike Not Ordered.
would be.< This being the case, the con
ference was quickly arranged.
WASHINGTON, July 8.— The resigna
tion of James G, Stowe, United States
Consul. to; Cape Town,; has* been received
at the State Department.
The resignation was based on the utter
inadequacy. of the salary of the post. ;Tho'
cost of living in South Africa under nor
mal conditions is exceedingly high and in
time 'of (war, such as: has. prevailed, for
the; past .two years,", the' 13000 ;¦ salary al
lowed by Congress for the: United States
Consul General would not defray the cost
of maintaining a family. in modest condi
tion at Capetown." ; ; ; . ,, . \
The United States Consul General, is the
worst salaried j consular officer at the
Cape. Stowe was appointed from Kansas
City. The vacancy has not yet been filled
Democrats Will Name; Xilbourne.:
: COLUMBUS, O. , July 8.— The ¦ outlook
to-night j is . that the ; Democratic ticket ; in
Ohio will be headed by. Colonel' James 'B.'
Kllbourne,*, for,' Governor/ and' Anthony
Howells J| for ;• Lieutenant Governor. , ,The
platform;; will be conservative. None of
the predicted dramatic scenes in the con
vention; will come off. -
CONSUL STOWE'S SALARY
ENTIRELY TOO SMALL
confirms the statement that Emilio Agui
naldo's agents tried to corrupt him dur
ing the last Presidential campaign. Bryan
said to-day that some time before the
emissaries of Aguinaldo called at the
Hoffman" House In New York last fall
he received a letter telling him that Agul
naldo's representatives would call,* an!
that they would make a proposition to
Bryan that the Filipino leader would give
$100,000 to the Democratic campaign fund.
In addition they would promise that Agui
naldo would surrender in the event that
the Nebraskan was elected and that the
surrender would be Immediate and uncon
ditional,
"In return'the Filipino agents would ex
act a promlBe that a reasonable form of
government, founded on the principles of
the.Government in the United States, be
given to the Filipinos, • . - •
When the Filipino agents appeared at
the Hoffman House Bryan refused to see
them,
"I was prempted," said Bryan, "to re
fuse to meet them so that my opponents
could not have an opportunity to miscon
strue or misrepresent the objects of such
a conference. I would not consider the
proposition which they were anxious to
make in person, for the reason that I con
sidered it my duty to act as I did."
Says That Agents of Aguinaldo Tried
• to Corrupt Him During Presi-'
dential Campaign.
SALEM, 111., July 8.-WillIam J. Bryan
BR^AN CONFIRMS STORY
OF ATTEMPTED BRIBERY
MEMBERS OF THE LEAGUE WHO
ARE PREPARING A WELCOME
FOR DELEGATES.
BROOKLYN DRUGGIST A VICTIM
OF THE DREADED MAFIA SOCIETY
PITTSBURG, July S.— "That -which
I believe will prove the most im
portant conference in the history
of capital and labor will open in
the Hotel Lincoln, Pittsburg, next
Thursday morning at 10 o'clock, when the
highest officials of the Amalgamated As-
Fociation, gathering from all parts of the
country, will meet with high officers In
tlie iron and steel industries to settle
jrrave questions. Every vice president of
the Amalgamated Association from "Ala
bama north is hurrying toward Pittsburg
to-night or. my telegraphic order. I have
considered it best that they be called to
confer at this time instead of the regular
conferees who usually meet with us to ad
just differences. As yet I am in Ignorance
as to who will constitute the committee
representing the steel people— the employ
ers. I have been informed that President
Charles M. Schwab of the United States
Steel Corporation will be present in per
son, but do not kr.ow this to be a fact.
The laboring man is at present confronted
with some peculiar conditions, which I
hope will be aJju?ted at the coming con
ference.
"I believe the strike will be speedily set
tled. THEODORE J. SHAFFER."
The foregoing is the statement made by
President Shaffer of the Amalgamated
Association late this evening as he
emerged from the Carnegie building with
a puly of Amalgamated Association of
ficers and officers of the American Sheet
Steel Company.
Eventful Day for Labor.
It was at the end of one of the most
eventful days 1n the history of organized
labor, made so by the decided etaiid taken
by President Shaffer in the Wellsville
case.
The conference to-day 'asted for almost
tvro hours, but what was sa!d or done
was not given out save through the state
ment made by President Shaffer. It was j
evidently decided that the best interests j
of both sides demanded that the wage i
conference be held at as early a date as
possible, in spite of the trouble at Wells
ville. It is understood that on hearing the
statement of Vice President Chapell re
garding the Ohio trouble assurances were
given that.it could easily be adjusted, and
Coming Conference at Pittsburg Declared to Be the
Most I m portan t i n the H istory of Capital
and Labor.
The police at Stsveston hurriedly swore
in sixty special constables with the Idea
of restraining the union men, but this
effort was vain. The Japanese started out
early this evening. The patrol boats fol
lowed toward midnight, and before mom
ing there Is likely to be shooting on the
river. Each side in determined. Some of
the union men are mad with whisky and
the Japanese are frantic over the attack
this afternoon. • .
After this combat the Japanese gath
ered "this afternoon in. an open 'space In
the Steveston J forest, 6000 strong. -Angry
and incendiar>, speeches , were . madeVand
it was agreed that 1 to-night 1500 > boats,
each holding three Japanese, should go
out fishing, and that each one of these
1500 Japanese should carry a loaded j re
volver. There are only 400 union" patrol
boats, but they are larger than those of
the Japanese, each holding five white fish
ermen. The whites are all armed.
When the Japanese started out to fish
to-day, the white men put after them in
boats. Every. brown man was ordered off
the river and was told that If he con
tinued fishing lit would be at his own
peril. About 75 per cent of the Japanese
quietly drew in their nets and retreated,
but the others showed fight. Finally
there was a regular battle at the mouth
of the river. Kach member of the oppos
ing forces was in a small boat, the -whole
forming a considerable flotilla, and the
fleets attacked one another, savagely.
Oars and clubs were the weapons used
and there are siXjJapanese in the Steves
ton Receiving Hospital with fractured
skulls to-night, while another has an arm
broken, another a shoulder dislocated and
three white are so badly bruised that they
will fight no more for a week.
VANCOUVER,^. C, July 8.-That
broad British Columbia stream, the
Fraser River, Is to be' the scene of a
strange conflict before many hours elapse
—a fight between Oriental and Caucasian
for possession of-the stream. For a gen
eration the whites have caught salmon
on the river and sold the fish to such good
advantage that' it is not unusual for a
fisherman to clear. 1800 for two months'
work every summer. Of late years the
Japanese have gradually obtained a foot
hold on the river, selling to canners at
lower rates than : the whites. Following
the recent strike; the canners engaged
Japanese to work* for the wages the white
men had spurned., " .
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Thousands Atnn After the Defeat and
.Victors .Again Go Forth to
Renew Assault.
Asiatics Are Worsted in a
Combat at the River's .
Mouth.
Union Fishermen on the
Fraser Attack the
Japanese.
WHITE MEN
AND BROWN
IN BATTLE
TH REATENED GENERAL STRIKE
AMONG STEEL TRUST EMPLOYES
RAPIDLY NEARING A CLIMAX
THOUSANDS OF GAY LEAGUERS
SPEED MERRILY WESTWARD TO
LAND OF FRUIT AND FLOWERS
With Trains Decked in Loyal Colors and Hearts Throb
bing in Happy Anticipation the Delegates
Are on the Way.
SAN FRANCISCO, TUESDAY, JULY 9, :1901.\
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.¦ ; • ¦ ". • ¦ .¦¦•¦. ;.«•>¦ £J.
MYRON T. HERRICK, THE WELL-KNOWN BANKER OF CLEVELAND,
OHIO, WHO WILL PROBABLY BE SENT FROM THIS CQUNTRY AS
EMBASSADOR TO ITALY. : . x-
DETROIT. July 6.— The National Coun
cil of Education devoted to-night's session
to eloguent tributes to the memory of
Henry Barnard, the first National Com
missioner of Education, and Professor H.
A: Hinsdale, late of the University of
Michigan.
This was the only session held to-night
by any of the departments of the National
Educational Association, the general ses
sions of which begin to-morrow mornig.
President James B. Angell of the Uni
versity of Michigan was chosen to make
the address In memory of his late col
league, Professor Hinsdale.
Delegates to the sessions of the associ
ation arrived on every train during the
day, and the registration bureau was
crowded all day.
Escorts were provided to make certain
that every delegate arrived safely at the
destination to which he was assigned at
the bureau. It Is estimated that there are
over 5000 delegates In the city to-night,
and from the present indications Presi
dent Irvin Shepard predicts that the rec
ord attendance of 14.000 at Los Angeles
will be broken. • .
Sessions of the National Council of Edu
cation, the Indian Education Department
and the board of directors will occupy to
morrow mornlnsr.
Thousands of Teachers Arrive in De
troit to Attend the National
• . . . Convention.
EDUCATORS PAY TBJBUTE
TO MEMORY OF THE DEAD
"Attorney General Griggs turned to
me," says Crowninshield, "and said, 'You
write it, captain; you know how to write
it better than I do.' " I at once proceeded
to the Cabinet room and wrote the dis
patch, and upon submitting it to the Pres
ident he read it aloud to the others. 1
then handed it to Lieutenant Whittlesey
and directed him to put It in cipher and
send it. He reported to me that evening
that Secretary Long had signed the dis
patch and that It had been sent."
CALL BUREAU. 1406 G STREET, N.
W., WASHINGTON, July 8.-Rear Ad
miral Crowninshield is endeavoring to
steal the thunder of a junior 'lieutenant
in the navy. Lieutenant "Whittlesey, who
had modestly admitted sending the fa
mous dispatch to Dewey. The former
head of the "Board of Strategy," Crown
inshield, tells the public in a prepared
statement issued to the press to-day that
he and no other should be given the
credit. He goes into detail about the re
ceipt of the dispatch from Dewey. Sun
day, April 24, 1S9S, he visited the White
House, where he met President McKin
ley, Secretary Day, Attorney General
Griggs and others and laid the dispatch
before them. The President asked Griggs
to formulate a dispatch to Dewey. order
ing him to capture or destroy the Spanish
fleet at Cavite.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Declares He Sent That
Famous Dispatch
to Dewey.
CROWNINSHIELD
CLAIMS THUNDER
PENNSYLVANIA' SYSTEM of Rail
ways. Office— 30 Montgomery street. *.
PRESCOTT.Ariz.; July-8.— John Burkes
o*. Jerome committed suicide .here : • this
evening because of financial troubles. He
was administrator* of an estate; and was
alleged to be short ' In his ¦ accounts..' He
was expected to make an accounting in a
few days. -
Short in His . Accounts.
LEIPZIG. \ July : 8.— Town Councilor Bo
del, president of the board of supervisors
of the Leipziger Bank and who was ab
sent" in the United States when the bank
failed, arrived here yesterday from New
York. j3 He -was ' at j once arrested . by the
public prosecutor. •
Another Banker Under Arrest.
BROTH KRS BELASCO MIX
TJP WITH PAIR OF SUPERS
Pro-re Victorious in a Battle at Mid-
night on the Open
Street.
A. Belasco, who acts, and his
brother, Henry, who guards the door of
ihe Alcazar, spent a few minutes short
ly before midnight Sunday shifting a pair
obscene-shifters around the sidewalk in
front of the O'Farrell-street playhouse.
These "supers" have a grievance against
one of the Belascos — which one they
don't know, and they are also uncertain
as to why. .
Late Sunday night Walter and Harry
Belasco were Btanding in front of the
Alcazar meditating as to whether or not
they should go home. Suddenly the
"supers" appeared and offered an insult
to the brothers Belasco. There was a
brief mix-up, a flying of arms and then
the sound of scurrying feet. The "supers"
had fled. \
GERMAN EMPEROR ORDERS
-'¦¦¦;',- AMERICAN YACHT
Flans and Specifications Being Drawn
by New York Firm of Naval
Architects.
NEW. YORK, July 8.— The report', that
the German Emperor had ' ordered . an
American yacht was confirmed to-day by
Mr. Barbey of the firm of Carey. Smith
& Barbey, naval architects, who said: ?-
! We have received orders for plans and speci
fications of a schooner yacht 120 feet long on
the water line for the German Emperor. We
expect to have the plans and specifications
ready in about six weeks. Then they will be
submitted to the naval attache of the German
Emba6sy at Washington, and after his ap
proval tenders will be advertised for In the
regular way. TVe expect to . have the yacht
ready for* eea about April next.
Burned to Death in Hotel Fire.
HELENA, Mont., July V.8.— Two well
known men were 'burned to death and
eleven Injured in a fire that destroyed the
Occidental Hotel at Forsythe, the county
seat of Rosebud County, this morning.
The men were employed as section hands.
The Northern Pacific ollhouse -and coal
bins were also burned. 'The ruins of the
buildings blocked the track for several
hours. . ...... ,
Charles B. Gregory Missing.
Mrs- Julia Gregory of 618 Adeims street,
Oakland, reported at the Coroner's office
vesterday that her husband, Charles R.
Gregory, had been missing from home
Fince June 12. Gregory is an upholsterer,
about 47 years old, and Is addicted to
erink. His wife is destitute.
Verus cures piles or $50 reward. All up
to-date druggists sell and guarantee it. *
A contest to the will of the late Lu
cetta- R. Cillett was filed yesterday by
George Dennis and Josephine Dennis Cro
fut, nephew and niece of the deceased,
both of whom reside in Bridgeport, Conn.
Lucetta R..Gillett died recently from
cancer of the stomach, leaving an estate
valued at about 570,000 to her husband
Milo L Gillett, whom she married a short
time prior to her death. Milo I. Gillett,
the contestants aver, is also known by
the name of George Gillett. He found out
that the old lady who afterward became
his wife was possessed of money, they
claim, and for the purpose of getting pos
session of the same moved into the build
ing where she lived, at 127 Ellis street.
Then, they aver, he developed his plan,
which proved successful. He tola the old
lady, that he was a noted spiritualist,
elate writer, medium, occultist and all
around master of things to others mys
terious. He pretended, the contestants
continue, that he had received word from
the spirit of the old lady's former hus
band, J. S. Salmon, and that the spirit
had requested him to care for the aged
widow. ,
In conclusion the contestants ask that
the will be denied admittance to probate
and that as the heirs at law of the de
ceased the distribution of the estate to
them be ordered.
,3S"ephew and Niece Make Charges
Against the Husband of the
Dead Woman.
MKS. GHXETT'S WILL
IS BEIHG CONTESTED
- GREAT BEND, Kans., July 8.— Fifteen
thousand- acres.; of -.wheat -went up. ':- in
flames here this afternoon. The fire Was
started by an unknown man throwing a
lighted cigar into a field of wheat stubble
Everything was as dry as tinder and soon
a destructive fire was in progress from
the small beginning.- .-¦ , . .;
The inhabitants all left their work^'and
exhausted all the methods they 'knew -for
fighting fire, but to no avail, and it 'was
late this evening before the fire ,wasvun
der control. ;.'• ; .^ ¦, • • ¦ - , .,?.
''- Roughly estimated, the "loss -lnvwheat
will' aggregate - 300,000 bushels, . most of
which was in stack. - - , . • r
Careless Smoker Causes the Blaze by
Throwing a Lighted Cigar IiLto
the Stubble. \ . '¦ ¦
KANSAS FIRE DESTKOYS >\
LAUGE WHEAT FIELD
» • .¦ \
MANILA, July 8.— The United : States
Philippine Commission has ordered H. P.
Whitmarsh, the Governor of Henguet
province, to come to Manila and submit
to an investigation, owing to the allega
tion that he has been using his position
to his personal advantage in acquiring
land and mining rights from the natives.
He is at present charged with violation
of Instructions. The commission particu
larly instructed Governor Whitmarsh to
cultivate the , friendship and protect the
interests of the Igorrotes, who suffered
from Spanish extortions and exploitations.
Colonel Du Val of '. the Forty-eighth
Regiment, who formerly occupied the
provinces of Union and Henguet, and Dr.
Kieffer, the regimental surgeon, who was"
prominent in the civil administration/ of
the province, complained of Governor
Whitmarsh's methods of administering
his office.
The commission is inclined to attribute
the feeling existing to military opposition
to civilian authority in Henguet. Volun
tary statements made by natives to Com
missioner Worcester, while .on a visit to
Henguet, formed the basis of the investi
gation. General Bell has forwarded sim
ilar allegations to Manila. •
Two friars, who were invited to Cal
astao, province of ' Pangasinan, to cele
brate a holiday, were mobbed. A native
priest denounced the action of the people,
whereupon they attacked the priest.
.: The friars fled. The native papers have
since renewed their attacks upon the
friars.
Generals^ Chaff ee and Wade were' at
Batangas. The removal of the military
headquarters, in Southern Luzon from
Manila to Llpa, in Batangas province, is
contemplated.
Pardo de .Tavera, .who has been an
nounced as, a future member of the Civil
Commission;- and General Cailles, the-in
surgent leader, who recently surrendered
in ' Laguna province, are going to that
province to-morrow in order to organize
municipalities. ' ; >. ••<
Serious Charges 'Against
' Governor of Henguet
Province.
HIGH OFFICIAL
NOW UNDER FIRE
DENVER, July 8.— The action of the
President in proclaiming the opening for
settlement of the reservation lands In
Oklahoma on August 6 is causing great
uneasiness to the cattlemen. It is said
that there are 200,000 head of cattle on
ranges that have been leased by Texas
and Oklahoma stockmen. These cattle are
immature and unfit for the market at the
present time. If the order is carried out
these cattle will have to be shipped im
mediately and sold for canning in the
Eastern markets for what they will bring.
The loss under ' such conditions '< would
amount to hundreds of thousands of dol
lars.
It la said that a delay of ninety or even
sixty days would enable the owners to
put the cattle on the market in proper
condition. To secure such a delay, if
possible, the following telegram was sent
to Secretary Hitchcock Saturday night:
Hon E- A. i Hitchcock, Secretary of the In
terior Washington, D. C: Livestock Interest
In the West and Southwest will be seriously
affected unless the proclamation opening the
Kk>wa and Comanche reservations can be de
layed until the herds of immature cattle can
be shipped to the market. On behalf of the
livestock Industry, I respectfully petition for
such delay. _. JOHN W. SPRINGER,
President National Livestock" Association.
The telegram evidently arrived too late
to have any effect, but every pressure
will be brought to bear on Secretary
Hitchcock to prevent losses to the stock
men. • '¦ . • • ' '
Ask Secretary Hitchcock
to Delay Opening of
Ranges.
STOCKMEN FEAR
THEY WILL LOSE
LEVELAND, July 8.— Myron T.
// Herrick, who has been named for
Wthe post of Embassador to Italy
in succession to George V. L. Mey
er of Massachusetts, does not owe
his strength in the White House to polit
ical influence alone, but to the warm
friendship entertained for him by Presi
dent McKinley. Mr. Herrick is best
known for his connection with the So
ciety for Savings, of which he has been
piesident since 1894, and which has de-
posits aggregating upward of $35,000,000.
The prospective Embassador was * edu
cate^ at} Oberlin and Delaware colleges.
In ISio he came to Cleveland with the in
tention of reading law, and three years
thereafter he was- admitted to the bar.
In 1S8G Mr. Herrick launched himself up
on his financial career by originating the
Euclid Avenue Bank and in the follow
in? year h<%,was elected treasurer of the
Society for "Savings. For many years he
has been prominently Identified with the
Republican party in Ohio. He is cultured
and wealthy.
Judge Gear yesterday afternoon gave a
decision overruling the plea in abatement
in the case of Walter' G. Smith, charged
with perjury by the recent Grand Jury.
The plan attacked the legality of the
jury. . ¦.'¦••
The new Income tax went into "effect
yesterday, assessing a tax of 2 per cent
on all Incomes exceeding $1000 per annum,
the tax applying only to the amount in
excess of $1000. It is expected that suits
will be brought to test the law in the
courts. • ¦ . -: -.¦
The Marconi , company of London' has
brought su^t against H. ' J. Cross, man
ager of the Inter-Island Telegraph Com
pany-of Honolulu, for $5500 alleged to be
due for the franchise granted to the com
pany to use the system in Hawaii, and
five hundred pounds sterling for the first
year's rental of the system. .,-
The suggestion that Hawaii be annexed
to California has raised quite a row here.
The idea meets with much opposition,
though the Senate refused to pass the.
House' resolution opposing it. The Adver
tiser^ states that Circuit Judge Humph
reys; who left recently for the coast, has
gone to work up the annexation scheme
there and that he is betraying the Home
Rulers: :- '
- The cruiser Philadelphia arrived here on
the 29th of last month on her 1 way-- to
PagO-Pago. .
The scandal over the Kamehameha day
horse races has ended in the acquittal of
W. .H. Cunnnlngham and J. A. Morgan,
who were accused of entering into a con
spiracy to "dope" the horse 7 Weller,
owned by Prince David.
The Wilder schooner Golden Gate was
wrecked on the 24th of last month off the
coast of Lanai. She was carrying a
cargo from Honolulu to Maul.
Twelve Chinese who arrived here on the
16th of last month on the steamer China
with certificates allowing them to land is
sued by the Collector of Customs of Hono
lulu are to be deported to China because
they have not certificates of registration.
There are over 250 other Chinese, who
have not yet returned, who have the same
certificates, and all will be promptly de
ported when they come here. It is stated
that the Treasury DeDartment takes the
position that the Chinese in question
should have registered before they left
here for China. \ •
It. is* thought that the sum of $235,000,
now in possession of the Government as
deposits made by Chinese immigrants un
der the old government, the deposits be
made as guarantees by immigrants that
they would comply with the conditions
under which they were brought here, and
return to China in due time, may be used
for the expenses of the Territory.
Attorney General Dole has rendered an
opinion to the effect that the Territory
has the right to make use of the funds
in Question, and" if the $235,000 is used it
will aid greatly in tiding over the present
crisis. . .
. HONOLULU, July 2.— The treasury of
Hawaii is in a serious condition of deple
tion. .At the present time only salary
warrants are being paid, and it is estir
mated that in two months there will be
no money left for these. Warrants . is
sued for other purposes than to pay sal
aries are now being registered, to be paid
in their order, when the taxes are, col
lected next November. This act^pn will
have to be taken with regard to salaries
also in two months, unless some relief is
afforded. •
At Present Only Salary-
Demands of Officials
Are Paid.
HAWAII'S PUBLIC
TREASURY SHORT
Five Chinese immigrants who arrived
recently on the British steamship Strath
gyleN^nd who had been denied a landing
by Curtoms Collector Stratton, escaped
from the vessel last Sunday night.
Customs Inspector Everett was on
•watch at the gangplank and does not
know how the Mongolians got away. They
did not come down the gangplank, but
slipped over the side of the vessel Into a
err.all boat. Inspector O'Reilley was walk
ing down Brannan street at 11 o'clock in
the evening, going to the dock to report
for duty. On tho way he encountered a
Chinaman coming from the dock, who
seemed anxious to avoid observation.
O'Reilley collared him at once on suspi
cion and the suspect was identified later
as one of the five who had escaped from
the Strathgyle.
In the opinion of the United States Dis
trict Attorney's office, Weong Woon Ho
is the prettiest Chinese woman that has
ever been ordered deported. She had been
leading the life of a slave and became
tired of it. Besides her owner wanted to
take her back to China, and he devised
a way whereby her passage would be paid
by the United States Government. So he
caused the woman to send a message to
Chinese Inspector Gardiner that she re
pented of her mode of living and wished
to place herself in the care of one of the
Christian missions in China. Inspector
Gardiner was prudent and had Interpre
ter Da Silva take "Weong*s statement,
which was that she had been admitted
to this country on the prejudiced testi
mony of witnesses who swore that she
was a native of California.
She was brought before United States
Court Commissioner Heacock yesterday
morning aad meekly told her story. There
was nothing left for the Commissioner
but to order her deported.
"Lett the Steamship Strathgyle, the
Iffaster of Which, Being Held Re
sponsible, Will Be Prosecuted.
CHINESE ELUDE THEIB
GTJABDS AND ESCAPE
THE LATE PAUL NEUMANN.
WHO FIGURED PROMINENT
i LT IN HAWAIIAN AFFAIRS.
sonic Temple, and it will be one of the
largest funerals Honolulu has ever seen.
: The deceased leaves four daughters and
two sons. One of the sons is at the Uni
versity of Edinburgh and the other is a
cadet in the United States Naval Acad
emy at Annapolis.
HONOLULU, July 2.— Hon. Paul
Neumann died early this morn
ing as the result of an attack
of paralysis (of the brain. Both
in Hawaii and on the mainland
he was one of the best known and most
liked citizens of the islands, and his sud
den death was a great shock to the com
munity here. He was a very popular mem
ber of the bar and had been mentioned as
a gubernatorial possibility since the re
ports of Dole's possible resignation.
Neumann' represented the Hawaiian
Government at Washington and In various
other capitals before annexation. In 1893
he represented Queen Llliuokalani at
Washington during the troubles that fol
lowed the overthrow of the monarchy.
Under King Kalakaua he held the post of
Attorney General. Before corning to Ha
waii he lived in California, where he
served three terms as a State Senator.
Neumann was 62 years of age, having
been born in Prussia In 1839. He crossed
to the United States at the age of 15, lo-
The local district and State union offi
cers met during the day and discussed
business, as did also the preachers, who
held an exclusive session in Auditorium
Endeavor late !n the afternoon.
The prison workers conferred In the
Central Christian Church and the mission
workers in the Second Presbyterian
Church, and between 5 and 5:30 p. m.
President Clark received personally all
Endeavorers who have been members for
ten years and longer. Hundreds took the
opportunity to meet Dr. Clark. Jacob A.
Riis of New York, who was to have de
livered a talk to-night at the Lincoln
Park Institutional Bantist Church on
"The Battle With the Slums," was unable
to be present owing to illness.
The meeting was closed with a "For
ward Look Into Christian Endeavor" by
Richard W. Lewis of Denver.
Rev. J. Edward Kirbye of Charleston.
S. C./ spoke on "What Our Pledge May
Mear in the New Century."
The fair sex predominated in Auditor
ium Williston at the afternoon meeting.
The meeting was labeled "The Twentieth
Century Christian Endeavor Society,'
and it was largely devoted to an open
parliamentary session. President Francis
Clark of Boston gave his ideas on "Ad
vanced Steps for the New Year."
William R. Moody of Xorthfleld, Mass.,
son cf the evangelist, Dwight L«. Moody,
expatiated on "Tour Testimony in the
Meeting," which should, he said, always
come from the heart and be freely given.
J. M. Warren of Santa. Barbara, Cal.,
turned his topic of "What Are the Ele
ments of a Strong Society?" into an open
discussion.
CINCINNATI. July 8.— Perfect weather
to-day greeted the thousands of Chris
tian Endeavcrers who are assembled here
in their twentieth annual convention.
Twenty thousand visitors arrived here to
day and the registration clerks were kept
busy.
The programme, as arranged by the
committee, made to-day the great day of
the convention. Meetings galore were
held, and they -were all large and enthusi
astic The cooler weather seemed to have
had an invigorating effect on the Endeav
orers, as they all seemed to be imbued
with a zest to work, and the services of
many were gladly accepted by the com
mittee of noon-day evangelical work,
which assigned them to small revival
nestings on street corners in the tene
ment and manufacturing districts.
Tho Music Hail auditoriums were In use
during the morning, noon and evening,
the historic walls reverberating alter
nately to joyous hosannas of the thou
sands and words of praise and prayer of
the speakers.
The big meeting of the afternoon was
held in Auditorium Endeavor. There were
numerous speakers.
George F. Nye of Aberdeen, "Wash., told
of "Officers That Keep Things Moving."
Words of Praise and Prayer
Alternate With Joyous
Kosannas.
Eloquent Speakers Tell
of the Good Work
Accomplished
LARGE MEETINGS
OF ENDEAVORERS
District' Attorney \ Byington" is anxiously
waiting the action", of Mrs. ", Cordelia Bot
kin's:attorneys.so that- when the case is
called -before Judge Cook next Monday
there will be' no further delay in' fixing a
day for the second trial: of the defendant
on the charge of murder. If a writ of ha
btai? corpus is to b"e applied for.it should
be done .within -the next day or two. ;i The
District Attorney, does not believe that the
Federal, courts, -will interfere with the
prerogative of the State courts to try the
case. ;j . . . ; ¦• ... ;¦ :.:;¦¦
Mr*. / Botktn's Second Trial.
Rev.WV'W. Case, presiding elder of the
Methodist Episcopal church of the district
of San Francisco, who » lately returned
from abroad, read an interesting paper on
"Jerusalem" before; the Methodist Epis
copal .ministers yesterday. ' _
£ The assembly, had • about 660 members, min
isters and ruling elders, half and J half. One
.would have to travel far to find a more noble
and intelligent . body of men. They gave, the
impression of being there for serious business.
They were in- earnest. , The • assembly met in
the old Calvary Church, on Locust street. ¦ The
building was constructed to hold about , 1200
people, but.lt was said that over 1600 crowded
into it! ' . -•¦ ¦ : i -
-, It was regarded as an event of great public
interest. . The secular press devoted columns
to its reports. . A Methodist Bishop attended
throughout the whole revision debate. Men
came hundreds of miles to be present as spec
tators, and hundreds were -. turned away for
Rev. H. C. Minton, D.D., the well known
California pastor who was chosen mod
erator of the' Presbyterian General. As
sembly at Philadelphia, read aruinterest
ing paper on the doings of that body be
fore the Presbyterian Ministerial Union
yesterday morning. In part he said:
' 'Several thing?, made the last general assem
bly a rather notable one. It was the flrBt
assembly of the twentieth century, and .one
whole day was set apart to signalize and cele
brate that fact. It was held in the old historic
city of Philadelphia, noted alike for its Pres
byterianism and its hospitality, and both of
these were at their best. Then, -again, the
discussion of the question of. revision of ! the
confession, of faith would have been in Itself
enough to make this meeting historic.
isters' Union Meeting.
Paper at the Presbyterian Min-
DR. MINTON DISCUSSES
THE GENERAL ASSEMBLY
Moderator Beads an Interesting
ST. PAUL, July 8.— The case of H. W.
Pearson against the Great Northern Rail
way Company, an action brought to re
cover a million and a half dollars for ser
vices--in discovering and locating coal
areas in Washington and Montana, went
to the jury late this afternoon. The trial
of the case commenced three weeks ago.
Pearson Case Goes to Jury.
CINCINNATI, July 8.— Mrs. Philip Ar
mour of Chicago through her attorney
te^day declined to take one-half of the
estate of her brother, Frank Ogden, who
recently died in Cincinnati. Ogden left an
estate which, by his will, was to be
equally divided between his wife and his
sister, Mrs. Armour. By the latter's gen
erosity the whole estate will go to the
widow.
Gives All to the Widow.
I cannot say where we" shall visit. People
have been very kind and we have not settled
our plans. We shall return to Europe In Sep
tember. . . The Princess is not very well, and
the trip* was undertaken partly to benefit her
health. And there will be no suit now or at
any time. . ¦
. This report about our dissatisfaction with the
will- has annoyed me far more than it has the
Princess'.' She has never taken the trouble to
deny it, and is simply much amused at "wfiat
It is the intention of the Prince and his
wife to remain about three months in
America. They will be for a week or two
in New York and later will visit at sev
eral country homes. Prince . Hatzfeldt
further said:
The Princess Is quite satisfied with the terms
of her father's will. .1 can say thatnever at
any time has she wished to push any claims
she has. The will was most generous to . her
and she has never thought of demanding a
daughter's portion. I cannot imagine how this
rumor started. It has caused great amusement
to the Princess. •¦ / . ¦
NEW . YORK, July 8.— The Evening
World says: Prince von Hatzfeldt said
to-day there was no truth in the reports
'that lie" and the 'Princess^ were going to
"contest the will of the late C. P.'Hunting
ton. The Prince arid Princess von Hatz
feldt are at the Holland House in this
city. In an interview to-day the Prince
said:
Prince Hatzfeldt Denies
Story of Impending
Contest.
ARE SATISFIED
WITH THE WILL
The announcement of White's death was
received great sorrow in this city,
where he occupied a prominent position in
social circles. A cablegram announcing
his death was sent to Embassador White
at Berlin to-»qight. As yet no arrange
ments for the runeral have been made.
Frederick B. AVhite was the only son of
Embassador White and was 42 years old.
Much of his time in late years had been
devoted to the management of property
owned by himself and his father.
White had been about town during the
forenoon and appeared bright and hope
ful, and it is believed that he did not pre
meditate suicide, i From the appearance of
the body when found It was evident that
he had placed the muzzle of the rifle in
his mouth and touched ' the trigger with
his foot. Coroner Matthew made an ex
amination of the body, and it was at first
given out that .his death was due to cere
bral hemorrhage.
White had appeared ! to be in usual
health during the day and had attended
to matters of business of the management
of the White estate. He was alone in the
house with the servants during a part of
the afternoon. Mrs. White returned short
ly after 5 o'clock and found White dead
In the bathroom. A bullet from a rifle
had passed through his brain and death
had been instantaneous. No one heard
the shot. • x
Some eighteen years ago, on completing
his. course at Columbia Law College,
White had a severe attack of typhoid
fever, from which he never fully recov
ered. Stomach and intestinal troubles re
sulted.- Later his nervous system became
weakened, and within a few years neuras
thenia developed. About a year ago he
suffered a severe attack of the complaint.
During the recent hot spell another at
tack of the disease came on, leaving him,
In a state of acute nervousness. - •
SYRACUSE, N. T., July 8.— Frederick D.
White, son of Andrew D. White, United
States Embassador to Germany, commit
ted suicide at 5:30 o'clock this • afternoon
at his home in this city. Prolonged ill
health and a persistent and exhausting
nervous disease Is given as the only pos
sible explanation, of his act.
Bullet Through His Brain
Puts an End to Years
of Suffering.
A Son of Embassador
"White Commits Sui
; cide at Syracuse.
KILLS HIMSELF
WITH A RIFLE
FROM NOTED FINANCIER
TO ITALIAN EMBASSADOR
Myron T. Herrick of Cleveland, Who Is Named
for nission.a Friend of the President, v
Death's Hand Is Laid Upon One of the Host
Prominent Statesmen in Hawaii.
PAUL NEUMANN JOINS
THE SILENT MAJORITY
GOTHAM'S WANY
VICTIMS OF HEAT
Nearly One Thousand
Lives Claimed in
One Week.
In the Various Boroughs of
Greater New York the
Deaths Total 989.
NEW YORK. July 8.— The official re
ports of the Bureau of Vital Statistics of
deaths from heat for the week ending
July 6 show that the actual number in
the five boroughs of Greater New York
was 9S9. For the boroughs of Manhattan
and Bronx the number was 639, for Rich
mond 12, for Queens 24, for Brooklyn 254.
The records cover the days when tho
beat was most intense. .
BUBONIC PLAGXTB. IS .- . v
. SPBEADnio IN" CHINA
Consul General Jolmson Beports to
the Government That Fatalities
;Are Most Appalling.
WASHINGTON* July 8.— Consul General
Johnson, at Amoy, China, reports. the> ap-'
pearance of plague at that place twcr
weeks earlier than usual this year. His
statement is dated May 14. He writes
he has refused to permit Chinese steer-,
ago passengers to depart for Manila and
the United States- The statement con
tinues?
The* spread of tha plague drain* tn« past ten;
days has been rapid and th» fatalities most ap-
V \x. "sV In my opinion, based on the- most re
liable data, from native sources, that during
the week just closed there wero as many ad
one hundred deaths per day m Amoy and sub
urbs. The same condition of affairs exists in
surrounding cities within thirty miles of Amoy.
The representative of the Marine Hospi
tal Service at Hongkong also reports tha
earlier appearance of the disease in that
city and a more rapid spread than usual.
He says that several Europeans have.
been attacked.
Oppose liquor-Selling in Any Form.
IiENVER, July 8^-Th« Methodist Min
isters' Association to-day appointed a
committee to petition the City Council to
pass an ordinance which will put restau
rants where liquor is sold under the same
restrictions as saloons and to petition the
Governor to remove John T. Bottom as
Police Commissioner of the city of Denver.
The" objection urged against Bottom 13
that he Is attorney for a brewing: com
pany. ¦
THE SAN FRAKCISGO CALL; TUESDAY, JULY 9, 1901.
eating In California almost at once.- He
was a familiar figure in manM California
mining towns, and was one of the or
ganizers of the Bohemian Club of San
Francisco. He was also a Mason of high.
standing. •
Death came very suddenly to Neumann,
though his friends had observed for some
time past that his strength was fallng.
He was at work In his law office last Sat
urday, and until yesterday at noon showed
no serious symptoms. His funeral win
take place this afternon from the Ma-
2
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
NIP IT IN" THE BITD.
First Appearance of Dandruff a Fore-
runner of Future Baldnes!;.
That such Is the case has been conclu-
sively proven by. scientific research, j Pro-
fessor Unna, the noted European skin
specialist, declares that dandruff Is the
burrowed-up cuticle -of the scalp, caused
by parasites destroying. the vitality in the
hair bulb. The hair becomes lifeless and
in time falls out. This can be prevented.
-•; Newbro's Herpicide kills this dandruff
germ and restores the hair to Its natural
softness and abundancy. ; - -
v- Herpicide Is now used by thousands of
people— all satisfied that It Is the most
wonderful hair preparation on the market
to-day.
COGSWELL
Polytechnic College
Corner Twenty-sixth and Kolsora streets,
SAX FRANCISCO.
Courses of Study to fit young men for
positions as
CARPENTERS. PATTERN MAKERS.
F0UND3YMEN. MACHINISTS, DR4U6HTS-
! MEN, SURVEYORS AND STEAM
EN61NEERS.
Open to any graduate, of the grammar
schools or equivalent course.
A ONE-YcAR BUSINESS COURSE,
"WITH STENOGRAPHY AND TYPEWRITING
For young men and women over 16 years of age.
MUSIC COURSES. PIANO AND VOICE.
D0MES1I3 SCLNCE COURSES,
With Instruction In ¦ -
SEWING, COOKERY. DRESSMAKING,
MILLINERY, HOME NURSING.
INVALID COOKERY. ETC.
NORMAL COURSES,
To PreDare Students as
TEACHERS OF DOMESTIC SCIENCE AND
MANUAL TRAINING.
NO TUITION, except a fee of Five Dollars
per half year to cover cost of materials,, and
breakages.
TERM OPENS JULY 23, 1901.
Office now open for applications. Send for
Catalogue.
BARTON CRUIKSHANK. M. S.. President.
LEADING BUSINESS COLLEGE OF THE WEST.
24 Post St.. San Francisco, Cal.
Established Nearly 40 years. Open Entire Year
Write for 80-paga catalogue * (free>.
MILLS COLLEGE AND SEMINARY.
CONFERS DEGREES AND GRANTS Di-
plomas; .seminary course accredited to tha
Universities : rare opportunities offered In ; no.
eic. art and elocution: thirty-sixth year: fall
term opens Aug. 7. 1901. Write for catalogua
to MRS. C. T? MILLS. Pres.. Mills Collco
P. P.. Cal. . . - ...-
HAMLIN SCHOOL and VAN NESS <EMINARY
1849 JACKSON STRFET,
Sitn Francisco, Cal.
. Boarding School for Girls. Accredited by
universities of California and Iceland Stanford
Jr.. also Vassar, Smith and Wellesley colleges
Reopens August 12. 1001. . ¦„- '-
SARAH D. HAMLIN. Principal.
THE LYCEUM,
AN ACCRKDITBD PREPARATORY .'sCHOOt.
for the university, law and .'medical colleges:
references. President Jordan or, any Stanford
professor. Phelan Building. -.: ".•*.';;?
THF. HITCHCOCK SCHOOL FOR
,YOUNG MEN AND BOYS,
SAN RAFAEL. CAL. * \
MillUry Drill. Christmas ' Term: Begins
August Mth. •:,...; i
REV. C. HITCHCOCK. Principal.
CALIFORNIA BUSINESS COLLEGE.
A THOROUGH SCHOOIa. •¦?
Progressive, exceedingly ¦•- thorough* finely
equipped departments: positions for graduates.
I0S Larkin st. Illustrated catalogue.,
R. L. DURHAM. President
IRVINC INSTITUTE;"
Boarding and day school for girls. 2125 Cali-
fornia' st. Accredited to the universities. Th«
next session will begin Aug. 5. For illustrated
catalogue address the principal.
REV. EDWARD B. CHURCH. A. M.
ST. MATTHEW'S MILITARY SCHOOL.
SAN MATEO. CAU The next term win begin
August 15. 1901. For catalogue and Illustrated
circular address Rev. "WILLIAM A. BREWER.
A. B.. Rector and Head Master. * - . |
MISS JVl. G- BARRETT'S
SHORTHAND ACADEMY,
302 Montgomery St.. San Francisco, Cal
Lessons personally or by mall,. Acknowledged by
official reporters, "best teachers, best system."
College 8ai Rafael for Young. Ladies.
Conducted by the Sisters of St. Dominic.
Opens August 1. 190L Full college course of
studies. Modern building:: steam heated. Un-
surpassed for beauty and health fulness. Ad-
dress MOTHER SUPERIOR, College San Ra-
/aoU. San. BiLfa.aU. CatN ATIONAX. LEAGUE.
ST. LOUIS,' July 8.— A decision by Umpire
O'Day gave Brooklyn tha game In tha eighth
inning. He was mobbed at the end of the
ninth inningr. Prompt action on the part of tha
St. Louis players and the police saved him from
any injury except a split lip. Attendance
35C0. Score: r *.
Clubs— K. H. E.
St. Louis « 9 2
Brooklyn 7 13 3
Batteries— Powell and Ryan; Donovan and
McGulre. Umpire— CDay.
CHICAGO. July 8.— Although for eight Inn
ings to-day's game was a pitchers' battle, the
perfect support aiicorded both twirlers made !t
the cleanest and prettiest contest witnessed
here this season. Attendance 12C0. Score:
Clubs— R. H. , E.
Chicago ~- 3 10 0
Philadelphia 1 9 X
Batteries— Eason and Eling: Dnggleby and
McFarland. Umpire — Cunningham.
CINCINNATI. July 8.— Jake Beckley was hit
on the head with a pitched ball In the sixth
Inning to-day and It required the combined
efforts of several physicians to bring him to.
Attendance 32QO. Score:
Clubs— ' R. H. . E.
Cincinnati 3 6 0
New York .- 9 10 2
Batteries— Scott and Bersen; Matthewson and
Warner. Umpire— Behle.
PITTSBTJRG, i July 8.— Pitt3burg put up a
snappy and errorless game and only two Bosto
nians reached third base. Atten'* nee 3000.
Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Pittsburg L 5 9 »
Boston 0 5 .. 1
Batteries— Poole and Zlmmer; Nichols and
Klttredge. Umpire— Nash.
AMERICAN LEAGUE.
• BOSTON, July 8. — Clark's muff of a thrown
ball In . the fourth, allowing Freeman and
Hemphill to score, gave Boston the game. Both
pitchers were very effective. Attendance S070.
Score:
Clubs — R. H. E.
Boston 2 ?•''"-(»
Washington 1 » 4
Batteries— Cuppy and Criger; Carrick and
Clark.
PHILADELPHIA, July 8.— Baltimore had the
better luck on slippery ground plays to-day and
proved a victor in an interesting game. At
tendance 257S. Score:
Clubs — R. H. E.
Baltimore 8 10 5
Philadelphia 7 10 3
Batteries— Nops and Robinson: Plank and
Powers. . .
Beiffs Win Two Baces.
LONDON, July 8.— J. R. Keene's Lottie
Hampton colt (Henry) won the Caning
ton plate at the Nottingham July meet-
Ing to-day. Ninona was second, and
William C. Whitney's Pr — lesr^lly (J.
Reiff), finished third.
Eileen Violet CL- ReifO won the Arnold
selling plate.
Nil Desperandum (J. Reiff) won the
Bramcote plate.
Long Cecil *L. Reiff) won the Newstead
Abbey plate.
UMPIRE OT>AT NEARLY
MOBBED AT ST. LOITI3
After the whipping Mrs. Thomas -was
escorted to her home by an admiring
crowd and Carrnthers rode off In the op
posite direction. Two hours later the
arm of the law was evoked and Mrs.
Thomas has now all the water she can
use.
Carruthers, acting In the absence of
George H. Towsey, collector for the wa
ter company, called at the Thomas resi- v
dence on Friday with a bill amounting- to
$6, whlcn he said was for water used by
the Thomas family during the months of
May and June. The bill was challenged
by Mrs. Thomas, who produced a state
ment covering- those months which had
been dury receipted by Towsey. • Accord
ing to Mrs. Thomas. Carruthers again
put In an appearance at the Thomas home
on Saturday, this time presenting a bill
for $9. Mrs. Thomas refused to pay It.
Carruthers declared that either the bill
would be paid or the water shut off from
the Thomas residence. Suiting his actions
to his words, he called a small boy and
ordered him to a pick. Then
Carruthers threw off his coat, and in the
broiling sun worked energetically at dig
ging up the water pipe.
Carruthers had cut the pipe and was
hammering the edges together when Mrs.
Thomas angrily protested. She says that
Carruthers then used disrespectful lan
guage toward her.
Seizing a blacksnake which lay In a
wagon close by, Mrs. Thomas pulled up
her sleeves and laid the lash across Car
ruthers' back In aulck, stinging blows.
The whipping took place on the public
street, and In a short time a large crowd
gathered, and with taunts for the man
and loud cries of encouragement to the
little woman. Before. Carruthers sue-*
ceeded in wresting the whip from her his
white shirt was torn Into shreds and
great red welts stood out on his arms
and face.
SAN" BERNAJUDINO. July 8.— J. H.
Carruthers,' general manager of the
Angrlo-American Canaigre Company, the
Fortuna Development Company and the
Chicala Water Company, encountered a
woman's wrath on Saturday -and figured
as a principal in the first public whipping
In this county in years. Mrs. Thomas,
the woman who handled the rawhide,
is the wife of H. B. Thomas, one of tha
most prominent business men In Rialto.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Enraged by the Cutting of
* Pipes Supplying Her
Residence.
Chastises' the General
Manager of "Water
Company.
RIALTO WOMAN
PLIES A WHIP
Hugh Marshall, Brother of Commodore of
* California Yacht Club, Drowned.;
SPRINGS AFTER DINGY
and Meets his death
SALEM, Or., July 8. — The Supreme
Court to-day decided the cases of Colum
bia' George and Toy TojT^two Umaulla
Indians convicted of murder in the first
degTee for the killing of an Indian woman
on the reservation. The" court holds that
the Federal Government never surren
dered jurisdiction over the Indians on the
Umatilla reservation; that such Indians,
when guilty of crime against other In
dians, are subject to trial by the Federal
court only. The cases of both defendants
are reversed and the two Indians ordered
discharged. The Indians are now prison
ers at Pendleton.
Indian Murderers Go Free.
SEATTLE, July 8.— D. M. Dunne, Col
lector of Internal Revenue, to-day an
nounced the appointment of H. D. Alli
son of Anacortes.as Deputy Collector of
Seattle, to succeed David W. Bowen, who
resigned. Ralph L. Ross of Seattle, stamp
clerk in the local office, had received the
indorsement of the King County Repub
lican Central Committee for appointment
as Deputy Collector, but Collector Dunne
said to-night that as no one could be
found who would be a satisfactory suc
cessor to Ross he would be retained as
clerk. Allison was named on recommen
dation of Senator Foster. He takes charge
of the office to-morrow. «
Special LHsratch to The Can.
— ?
Revenue Office Clerk Cannot
Be Spared to Take
Higher Position.
LOSES A PROMOTION
THROUGH EFFICIENCY
The deceased was about 28 years old and
was a great favorite with all who knew
him. He leaves a father and mother, two
sisters and four brothers to mourn his
loss.
The Thelma was hove to and everybody
on board watched anxiously for the body
to come up, but It did not. Then they
grappled. for it, but without success. Fi
nally Foard and Ramsey went ashore and
taking the train brought the news to the
city. ' The other members of the party are
still aboard the Thelma and will not leave
Napa Creek until the body Is recovered.
good swimmer. The main sheet was at
once let go, however, and the yacht
brought around, and - headed after the
dingy. The keeper of the "draw" then be
gan to signal those on the yacht to hurry,
and when the boat was about twenty
yards from the swimmer they could see
that he was black in the face and appa
rently drowning. , Carl Foard seized a
life buoy and threw it toward Marshall.
It dropped right over his upraised arms,
but he never attempted to grasp it and
sank out of sight. «
POPULAR YOUXG YACHTSMAN
WHO LOST HIS LIFE LAST
/ SUNDAY. .
SEATTLE, July 8.— The preliminary
hearing -of John W. and Thomas Consi
dine, charged with .the murder of ex-
Chief of Police TV. L. Meredith, was be
gun to-day. From the evidence intro
duced it is evident the State will try to
prove at' the trial that some one not yet
named began the fatal affray by firing- a
pistol shot at Meredith in the street be
fore Meredith fired upon John Considine
with his double-barreled shotgun. The
sixth-shot theory is a new one. Hereto
fore it has been agreed by all the wit
nesses that but four shots were fired and
all these inside the drug store where
Meredith was killed.
None of the witnesses who testified to
day to having heard a pistol shot before
Meredith began shooting was near the
scene of the killing, and none saw any
one shoot. All were more than the width
of the street from the drug store. The
eyewitnesses of the whole affray, of
whom two testified to-day,' have so far
mentioned no shooting before Meredith
opented flre, and Meredith has heretofore
been \ regarded as indisputably the ag
gressor. The testimony of the witnesses
was conflicting, some saying the first re
port was faint, and some that it was very
loud."
The hearing will not be finished before
to-morrow night, and it Is attracting a
great deal of public interest. Justice
George's courtroom was crowded to suf
focation. ¦
Prosecution Tries to Prove
That the ex-Chief Was
Not Aggressor. .
SLAYERS OF MEREDITH
ARRAIGNED IN SEATTLE
After spending most enjoyable
days in and about Napa the yacht's head
was turned for home Sunday morning.
Both wind and tide were against them, so
the progress was not very rapid. About
3:15 p. m. the Santa Rosa drawbridge was
In sight, and just at that time the dingy
went adrift. When Marshall jumped
overboard after it none of the others paid
any attention, knowing that' he was a
The start was made from Oakland Creek
last "Wednesday at npon and Napa was
reached early on Thursday. There .was a
liberal supply of fireworks on the yacht
and the party celebrated the glorious
Fourth in proper style. A few i short
cruises were made, and during one of
them Marshall was struck on the fore
head by the boom and received a lacerat
ed wound. It did not amount to anything,
however, and a piece of sticking plaster
fixed it up.
Early last week a party of yachtsmen
made up their minds to go for a cruise.
Among them were Carl Foard, W. TV.
Thompson, W. Ramsey, £. Potter and TV.
Winter. Marshall had just returned from
Monterey, where fie" is engaged in mining,
and was asked to go along. " He at first
refused on the grpund that he ought to
be back at his post before the party ex
pected to return from the cruise. At the
last moment he changed his mind, how
ever, and went along.
fi=Tg=sa HERE was another yachting fa-
II • tality last Sunday. While the
I Thelma was homeward bound
il down Napa Creek the dingy went
.adrift. "Without a moment's hesi
tation Hugh ;McA. Marshall, brother of
Commodore Marshall . of the California
Yacht Club, jumped overboard to^ recover
the boat, and being taken with' cramps
drowned before the eyes of his comrades.
"Will Redeem His Promise.
Mr. 1 \W F. Pipher, who. now has charge
of the Bee Hive,. 717 Market st., rf wiU on
Thursday/July 11, start with a boom. The
stock of the" Portland, shoe factory ' will
have to be disposed of, and in order to do>
so will on that .day sell 1000 pairs of ladles'
and men's $3.50 shoes for $1.00 a pair.
There will also be on sale on that day 1000
pairs of Burt & Packard's "Korrect
shape" men's patent leather, enamel and
patent vicl kid shoes, worth $6 and $7, for
only $2.50 a pair on that day at the. shoe
pu&aar «aiA» 217 Market St.. near Third, ;?
Field Fire Near Chico.
CHICO, July 8.— A fierce fire that broke
out between Little and Big Chico canyons
five miles northwest of this city yester
day morning has destroyed hundreds I of
acres of pasture. All day men have been
fighting the fire in an endeavor, to turn
it back from the range of Halle & Waltz
on the Bidwell ranch. To-night it was
reported that back-firing- had proved suc
cefieful. The conflagration is now travel-
Ing up' Big Chico Canyon and the Sierra
Lumber, Company's flume Is in danger.
missions. ...'.
FRESNO, July 8.— The newly adopted
charter went into effect last midnight,
and now Fresno has a Mayor, a Police
Judgre and other officials, which It did not
have before. At the first meeting of the
City Council this evening Mayor-elect L.
O. Stephens announced the following ap
pointments:
Police and Fire Conunlaslon — William H. Mc-
Kenzle. W. T. MatWRgly, George H. Monroe,
O. M. Miller.
City Board of Health— Drs. J. L. Maupin, J.
D. Davidson, George H. Aiken, Thomas M.
Hayden, George A. Hare. ,
Library Commission — Chester H. Rowel!, 'W.
"W. Parsons, Louis Einstein, H. H. Welsh,
Charles B. Jenny.
City Attorney— H. M. Johnston.
City Engineer— I. Tlelman.
Superintendent of . Streets — P. Leblanc.
-The boards are rion-parttsan, and the
chairman of the library board is the edi
tor of the Republican and the defeated
candidate for Mayor. The Police and Fire
Commissioners will appoint John D. Mor
gan' (Incumbent) as Chief of Police and
W. H. Leavitt (incumbent) as Fire Chief.
The Board of Health will appoint Dr.. P.
N- Russell as city, physician. T .
TRESNO'S NEW CHARTER.
NOW IN WORKING ORDER
Mayor-Elect Stephens Appoints Non-
Partisan Boards and Com-
It is difficult to deal with a man who re
fuses to be shuffled.
Telephones Heavily Assessed.
WOODLAND, July 8.— Attorney Pills
bury, representing the Sunset' Telephone
Company, had an Inning with the County
Board of Equalization to-day. Last year
the board raised the assessment of the
company to the extraordinary figure of
$150 per box, which is $125 per box higher
than the assessment in any other county.
The company notified - all Its Woodland
subscribers at the time that the Woodland
exchange would be discontinued on a cer
tain, date. The business men of this city
made a strong appeal, promising to use
their Influence to obtain a lower assess
ment this year, and the" company rescind
ed the order discontinuing the exchange.
This year Assessor Smith valued each box
a': $50, and to prevent any raise and se
cure a further reduction if possible At
torney Pillsbury appeared before the
board and made an argument to-day. The
matter was taken under advisement, ¦ but
remarks made by members of the board
Indicate that an Increase is probable.' It
is certain, that there will be no further
reduction. : ¦;.: ¦ ;• '¦.--'¦.
. — £y&kx
Inspect .a Canal Route.
SEATTLE. July 8.— The Congressional
party, comprising the members of the
Blvero and Harbors Committee, their
families and guests, spent the day In an
examination of the route of the Lake
Waehinstcn canal. To-night the party
left *or. Cape Flattery, where an lnspec
•tlon of the proposed harbor of refuge j at
Ne&h Bay will ba mud a to-morrow morn
lami. ¦.---- •¦.-.: .— ' ¦ ., : , - : . ¦
Tijri© in Two Events.
BUFFALO, N. Y., July 8.— Two records
were broken In the A. A. U. handicap
swimming contest In the Pan-American
Park Lake this afternoon- In the 220
yard handicap E. C. Schaeffer of the Na
tional Swimming Associati6n of Philadel
phia lowered the American record for the
distance, formerly held by himself, from
2:53 3-5 to 2:50 3-5. He also broke the
American record .in the 440-yard handicap.
Sch&effer's time was 6:31 3-5. The former
record for the distance was 6:48.
E. C. Shaeffer of Philadelphia Lowers
BREAKS SWUOUNG RECORDS
Sausalito.
SAN RAFAEL, July 8.-On the 4:30
o'clock narrow gauge train from this city
this afternoon a baby girl was born to the
wife of Florent Mazet. The little one
came into this world about half-way be
tween this city and Sausalito.
Mother and child were made as com
fortable as possible, and upon reaching
Sausalito the services of Dr. Crumpton
were enlisted. "Word was telephoned to
this city and a neighbor took the next
train, carrying clothes to the mother and
the dainty wardrobe that had been pre
pared for the cbiJd. To-night mother and
daughter were removed to the French
Hospital In San Francisco. Both are do-
Ing well.
Little One Comes Into the World
While Cars Speed Toward
BABY GIBL BORN ON x
•SAN RAFAEL TRAIN
RESULTS OF GRACES ON
THE EASTERN" TBACKS
CINCINNATI, Ohio, July 8.— Newport sum
mary:
First race, seven 'furlongs, selling — Brown
Vail won. Polly Bixby second, Nannie J third.
Time, 1:3C%.
Second race, six furlongs, selling— Remark
won, Times Star second, Caloocan third. Time,
1:15%. .
Third race, one mile, celling — Eitholin won.
Ignis second. B. G. Fox. third. Time, 1:42*4.
Fourth race, six furlongs, selling — Grandma
II won Arriba second, Fairy Dell third. Time,
1:13%.
Fifth race, five furlongs, selling— Person won.
Insolence second, Dr. "Worth third. Time,
1:02%.
Sixth race, one mile, selling— Alice Scorpion
won. Dr. S. C. Ayres second, Free Admission
third. Time, 1:44.
BUFFALO, N. Y..'July S-— Results at Fort
Erie:
First race, six furlongs— The Boer won. Great
American second, John McGurck third. Time,
1:14%.
Second race, selling, four and a half furlongs
—Paul Creighton won. Easy Street second,
Frank M. C. third. Time. :55%.
Third race, selling, one mile and an eighth—
Dolly Wagner won. Toddy' Larme second, War
ranted third. Time, 1:52%.
Fourth race, selling, seven furlongs— Satire
won. Guesswork second, Filibuster third. Time,
1:27%.
Fifth race, four furlongs— Dixie Queen won,
Silk Cord second. Bronze Metal third. Time,
:«. , . /
Sixth race, six furlongs — Gold Lace won,
Edinborough second, Lofter third. Time, 1:14.
BUTTE, Mont., July 8.— Threatening weather
kept the attendance down at the racetrack to
day, and the rain made the track heavy. . A
heavy thunder and lightning storm took placs
just before the ¦ races began. Midsummer, of
the Johnson, stable,, was killed instantly,. by
lightning, while in a stall. A stable-boy known
as "Slsquoc" was knocked from a. - stall-box,
but not seriously injured. Summary:
First race, 2:20 pace— Oregon Bull wen, Cap
tain P second, Lady Ammer third. Time,
2:26%.
Second race, four furlongs— Pirate's Maid
won, Arline eecond, Peppersauce third. Time,
:49%.
Third race, one mile— Julletta B won, Old Fox
second. Season third. Time, 1:45%.
Fourth race, one mile and a sixteenth — Noble
man won. Rio Chico second, Llndenella third.
Time, 1:51.
Fifth race, one mile — St. Germain won, Mis
sion second, Ida V third. Time, 1:45. i
Sixth race, five furlongs— : Heigh Ho won,
Montallade second, Decapo third. Time, 1:03.
ST. LOUIS, July 8.— Delmar Park summary:
Five and a half furlongs, selling:— Sister Sarah
won. Monte Himyar second, Audiphone third.
Time. 1:10%.
Seven furlongs, selling— Lasso won, Annolee
second, Mrs. Grannan third. Time. 1:29.
Mile and three-sixteenths, selling— Barbee
won. Kid McCoy second. Ransom third. Time,
2:04%.
Six furlongs, selling— Tom Collins won, Matt
Hogan second, Vicle Vance third. Time, 1:15.
Mile, and seventy yards, selling— General Mc-
Gruder won. Hardly second. Orris third. Time,
1:46V*.
Seven furlongs, selling — Sam Lazarus won,
Aurea second, Ben Frost third. Time. 1:30.
DETROIT, Mich., July 8.— Windsor Park
Pacing. 2:30— Star Hugh won In three straight
heats. Time, 2:12%. 2:12^, 2:12%. Mysotls.
Charlie Downing-, Ed Leman and Rajah also
started.
Trotting. 2:1" — Meattallas -won In three
straight heats. Time. 2:13%. 2:12%, 2:14%.
Charlie Mac; Stockton and Sybil H also started.
Pacing, 2:12— Harold H won in three straight
heats. Time. 2:10%, 2:10!4, 2:11%. Twinkle,
My Choice, BMrloso. Major, Captain Sphynx,
Emma M, Irene It and Texas Jessie also
started.
NEW YORK, July 8.— Brighton Beach sum
mary: '
Mile and a sixteenth, selling — Eloim ¦won.
Lucky Star second, Alsike third. Time. 1:48 2-5.
Five and a half furlongs— Dixie Line won,
Faranlass second, Byrne of Roscoe third. Time,
1:06. . .
One mile— Vltelllus won. Handwork second.
Time, 1:41 4-5. Two starters.
Six furlongs— Isidor won, Sanders second,
Magnificent third. Time, 1:15. v w
Five furlongs, selling— Man-o' -War won.
Juvenile second, Succasunna third. Time, .1:02.
Mile and an eiKhth. selling — Ethics - won.
Hammock second. Fatalist third. Time, 1:54 3-5,
CHICAGO, July 8.— Washington Park sum
mary:
First race, mile and a 'quarter, selling — Egyp
tian Prince .-won, Alaska second, Tammany-
Chief third. Time, 1:06 1-5. !
Second race, five furlongs— Red Tip won,
Pronta second. Approved third. Time, 1:01.
Third race, one mile— Mr. Brown won, John
Bright second, Favonlus third. Time, 1:41.
Fourth race, six furlongs— The Rush won,
Tayon second. Sevoy third. Time. 1:14. .
Fifth race, mile and fifty yards— Specific won.
The Conqueror II second, Anthracite third.
Time. 1:44 2-5.- ¦ ; ¦
Sixth race, mile -and a quarter — Moses won,
Leo Newell second. G. W. W. third. Time,
2:06.4-5.
California BicyclistWins the Fifteen
Mile Motor Paced Bace.
McFAKLAlTD BEATS LINTON.
NEW YORK, July 8.— Floyd McFarland.
the California bicyclist, easily defeated
Tom Linton of Wales In a fifteen-mile,
motor-paced race on the ten-lap track In
Madison-Square Garden to-night. - Mc-
Farland gained from the start; and was a
lap to the good in the third mile. In the
sixth mile he lapped Linton again, and in
the tenth repeated. Linton's pacing motor
went out of business after this,' and he
got in behind McFarland after he ' had
lost another lap, so that the race was fin
ished in this manner, with McFarland
four laps to thxgood. ¦ •
Major Taylor was ¦ fined $100 for ; non
appearance at the -garden to-night and,
unless he ¦• proves : that sickness ; kept- him
away, he will be, fined a slmilar'sum for
each non-appearance on circuit. Results:
¦ : One > mile, "professional— Won by Lester Wil
son, rittsbure. Time, 2:05 3-5. ' -,:•¦¦;
Half-mile, circuit . championship— Won by
Frank Kramer, ¦ Orange, N. J. Time, 1:08. '
One mile, urofessional, handicap— Won by
Charleo Hadfield.' Newark- (90 yards). Time.
1:57 2-5. i.: > ¦ .' ¦ ' ' ' .. . . .. ...¦ '
• Fifteen-mile motor-Daced race between Mc-
Farland of San Jose, Cal.. and Tom Linton of
Wales.; McFarland won. -.Time, 29:33 4-5.
Fred Hoyt, >the Bridgeport, Conn., bi
cycle rider 'who finished first in the fifty
mile motor-paced race at the • Manhattan
Beach bicycle races on the night of July
V but who was ¦ diquallfled by the :N. C.
A. | board . c-f ¦ control; appeared ..before the
board to-day and acknowledged that ; he
was • connected by a string, with * the ' rear
pacemaker: on ' his motor , machine. - . The
board of control took the case under con
sideration and a, decision will be given out
in a few, day*
Huges' head is badly injured, and it is
not known if he can live. Though in. a
very weak condition, he positively recog
nizes Morales as his assailant.
Morales has a bad reputation. He is a
brother of Jose Morales, the desperado
who shot and killed I>eputy Sheriff "Wil
son, in Monrovia several years ago and
escaped. William Morales has been mixed
in several ugly scrapes, but has always
managed to escape the clutches of the
law. Huges, the injured man, was for
merly a conductor on a railroad in Ari
zona, and was later a deputy constable
in Los Angeles. He had been out to El
Monte and. returning home, lay down by
the roadside and went to sleep. While
sleeping he was attacked by Morales and
before becoming aroused was so weak
from the injuries inflicted by the Mexi
can that he could not defend himself.
MONROVIA, July 8.— A daring hold-up
and what may prove to be a brutal mur
der occurred at the Old Mission yester
day, a short distance south of Monrovia-
William Morales waylaid Jose D. Huges,
and, besides brutally beating him about
the head and forcing a poisonous liquid
into his mouth, stole his watch and
money.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
AROUSED FROM SLEEP
BY BRUTAL BEATING
Effects of Desperado's
Attack.
Monrovia Man May Die From
The bank closed its doors two and one
half years ago. Since then $160,000 has
been paid the depositors, and $376,599 is
still due them.
"President Rea has delayed the winding
up of the bank affairs for his own inter
est long enough," said Attorney Welch in
speaking of the subject. "I am going to
take a rest and come back to fight this
thing to a close. I" have never known of
anything so scandalous or outrageous in
my life."
And again, "that said board of directors
has been guilty of other breaches of
trust. It has unnecessarily delayed the
winding up of the affairs of the bank. Its
administration of said bank has been ex
pensive and Inefficient. There is now no
prospect that the directors will speedily
or economically administer the bank's af
fairs." " '
"It was their intention," so the.com
plaint says, "to sell the stock of the bank
in settlement of a $10 assessment that was
levied, and they would have done so had
they not been prevented."
SAN JOSE, July 8.— The compromise set
tlement that has been pending several
months in the attempt of the depositors
of the long defunct Union Savings Bank
to close its affairs Is off, and the war in
the courts has begun again, not to close
this time until the last dime of assets has
been distributed to the depositors. Late
this afternoon Attorney Welch for the
depositors filed a sweeping suit in equity,
which involved 310 persons of this county
as defendants and which outlines the
present condition of the bank and prays
the court to grant a decree that will im
mediately compel the stockholders to pay
the limit of their statutory liability and
the directors of the bank to close its af
fairs within a given time. In the event
of their failure it is asked that a commis
sioner be appointed by the court to act.
In the complaint Welch charges the di
rectors of the bank with breach of trust.
Filed Against Concern's
Stockholders.
¦—7-7— .- W'ii
Special Dispatch to The CalL
Sweeping Suit in Equity Is
UNION SAVINGS BANK
LITIGATION REOPENS
STOCKTON, July 8.— All efforts of
•warehouse owners to get men to take the
places of the strikers have proved un
availing. The strikers succeeded in in
ducing the men to quit as fast as they are
hired. This morning F. E. Lane had a lot
of gT-ain to unload and engaged a gang of
men for the Job, but none of them worked
Thirty minutes. Warehousemen are ad
vertising: for men and offering 30 cents an
hOur. Their stand Is against unionism-
When I^ane saw his grain- standing on
the wagons with no one to .unload it he
¦was furious. He gathered about him. some
of his office and warehouse clerical force
and told them that the grain had to be
unloaded. He started by "peeling" off his
coat and going to work, the clerks follow
ing suit. Strikers who had congregated
enjoyed th«» situation, directing many Jests
at the workers. ,
The striker? appear to be certain of vic
tory. They frequent the water front, dis
cussing thip situation, but offering no vio
lence. They say the fact that Lane and
his office men wore forced to go to truck
ing grain themselves is proof positive that
in* warehouseman cannot get employes.
While the strikers claim that it is not
a vita! matter, they admit that the situ
ation at Port Costa is a key to the local
affair. The Port Costa men were reported
to have struck to-day.
"We have a bigger fund than the ware
hniiwmen believe." said one, of the strik
r-rs to-day. "We can hold out a long time,
end if any men want anything we can
furnish it to them through the unions.
"We have the backing of the 1000 and more
¦union men in the c!tr."
Special JJlspaich" to The Can.
River Traffic at a Standstill
at Stockton Because of
Strike.
NO MEN TO HANDLE
SHIPMENTS OF GRAIN
WHEN* Stanford University
opens In. September there will
be waiting for occupation the
handsomest fraternity house
to be found on the campus of
ejl v "Western college. This new residence,
palatial in its appointments, will be the
home of the Sigma Alpha Epsilon Fra
icniity boys. Both in plan and in con
struction the uppermost idea has been to
make the house one suitable for enter
tcluing. The whole scheme of the first
f.oor suggests receptions, balls and in
formal hops. The Immense reception hall,
23 by 42 feet long, with the billiard-room
OH the right and dining-room on the left.
both 17 by 25 feet, when thrown into one,
•will form one grand ball room 76
feet in length and will easily accommo
date seventy-five couples. On the. sec
ond floor are twelve sleeping rooms, each
provided with Individual toilet apart
ments. In all, the house will provide a
home for twenty-four men.
The interior finish on the first floor is
all to be In the natural redwood, with
hardwood floors, f he architecture of the
house ie of the old colonial style, with
broad veranda and large pillars in front.
Newton J. Thorp of San Francisco is the
architect. The contract price of the house
is $11,000, and the furnishings will cost
52000 more.
The' Sigma Alpha Epsilon Fraternity
The members of the Stanford chapter
are W. M Parkin, A. B. Stewart, 'F. W.
Bancroft. A. D. Geissler, J. A. Schaefer,
H. A. Camobell, C. L. Merriam, C. W.
Sell, C. T. i Stephens, R. J. Keith, T. G.
Hosmer, C. P. Allen, H. S. Babcock, L.
K. Baldwin. J. D. Spreckels Jr., W. Mis
ner, H. D. Parkin, E. W. Prentice, K. I.
Thayer. O. A. "Wilson. •-
was founded at the University of Ala
bama in 1S56. It now has fifty-four chap
ters established in the leading educa
tional institutions of the country. Among
the fraternity's distinguished members
appears the name of William McKinley,
President of the United States. The Stan
ford chanter has ranked high among the
organizations at that institution, socially
as well as in athletics and scholarship.
SANTA ANA # July S.— One of the most
important real estate transactions in
Orange County since the boom days has
been closed. Colonel R. J. Northam has
sold his splendid Mesa ranch at Bolsa
Chico, consisting- of 1600 acres, to the
Western Coast Land and Water Company
for a consideration of $100,000. The prop
erty has a beach frontage of three miles,
and one of the first steps of the present
owners will be to lay out a townsite for a
pleasure resort on the Smeltzer branch of
the Southern Pacific.
.Nearly every foot of the big ranch ts
under plow, and among- its many improve
ments is a $14,000 pumping plant, which
supplies sufficient water to • irrigate 300
acres, and there is an abundance of water
as yet undeveloped. ,
Under the contract a cash payment of
$10,000 is required, which has already been
made, the balance to be paid $5000 , each
year, witlvlnterest at 4 per cent. The un
usual condition is that . if Colonel Nor
tham's death should occur at any time
prior to the completion of the payment of
$100,000, the sum then paid shall be deemed
full settlement for the ranch, and a clear
deed passed accordingly. In other words,
If Colonel Northam should die within the
present year the purchasing corporation
would secure the -rUBen for $10,000; next
year, for $15,000, and so on. But as the
colonel now appears there seems little
doubt of his living the entire eighteen
years required for him to receive the full
$100,000. '
The company, is capitalized at $200,000, all
of which is subscribed.- __,¦
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Colonel Northam Sells
Famous .Ranch on
Queer Terms.
Yearly , Payments to Cease
With His Departure
From This Life.
LAYS LONG ODDS
AGAINST DEATH
THE SAK FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JULY 9, 1901.
Handsome New Fraternity Building Going Up on the
Stanford University Campus.
SIGMA ALPHA EPSILON B0Y5
WILL HAVE A SPLENDID HOME
FRONT VIEW OP THE NEW HOME OF THE STANFORD CHAPTER OF THE SIGMA ALPHA EPSILON FRA
' TERNTTY. DESIGNED BY ARCHITECT NEWTON J. THORP, WHICH WILL BE READY FOR OCCUPANCY
AT THE OPEXING OF THE UKIVERSITT IN SEPTEMBER. #
3
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Of health has no uniformed guardians
of its peace. If it had there would be
arrests innumerable in every restaurant
every day of the year. Both in the
quantity and quality of the food they
eat and in the manner of its consump-
j tion men and
*& women, sin
j0*%£tej£dg&p y/^ i not heed
Trainings can-
&Ss^E£i£SXrXBm ?°* escape her pun-
w?5 e9*!?^"ilsel ishments, and dys-
pepsia • or stomach
itFT^&J^Vgj r trouble " is the inva-
7ii?i*?*^il penalty of care-
kv$9&ijiS0£8i There is no other
£p^&i(te€«vP rne^-^" ne *° r diseases
*wp^Mi*g of the stomach and
%£&$&&& allied organs of di-
twSTi'^*! gestion and nutrition
tJsSI Em -which can - compare
B?Y rail with **' Pie"*' 3
Hi tii Golden Medical Dis-
Si9 covery. It cures
and enables the build-
ing tip of the whole
body into vigorous health.
"I took two bottles of Dr. Pierce's Golden
Medical Discovery for stomach trouble," vrrite*
Clarence Carries. Esq., of Tavlorstown, Loudoun
Co.. Va. "It did me ao much good that I didn't
t&ke any more. I rr n eat most anything now.
I am so well pleated with it I hardly know how
to thank you for your kind information. I
tried a whole lot of things before I wrote to
you. There was a gentleman told me about
your medicine, how It bad cured his wife. I
thought I would try a bottle of it I am glad I
did, for I don't know what I would have done
if it had not been for Dr. Pierce's Golden Med-
io*l Discovery."
Dr. Pierce's Pleasant Pellets cure con-
ftipfttioru
f STORE OPENS TO-DAY. 1
1 Tlie Only Store West of the Missouri Selling Direct From
1 Tannery to Consumer.
I A $6.OO SHOE FOR $3.5O I
I MJtN'S SHOES ONLY. ~ ~
I Cor. Geary and Stockton Sts. I
H Stores in the principal cities of the United States. <^.:H^«gg5gSsl— BThe Pan-American Exposition
¦Will be the greatest this country has ever seen.
The entire 'machinery will be run by power fur
nished from . Niagara : Falls. ". Although the
power , required , Is enormous; we " believe this
cataract , ia equal . to the task, I the same J as
Hostetter's Stomach \ Bitters Is equal ¦ toVthe
task of supplying the. body with motive power
when '. U ; is run . down.^ There - i« , no . medicine
in; the. world -so good, for dyspepsia, indiges
tion, constipation, flatulency., and nervousness.
Try. it. ;:. •. - . . /->/,¦¦ i-'ivftv-;
"The Missouri Pacific Limited."
iThe only route having through sleeping
5ar service between San Francisco and St.
fxmis daily. Stop-overs allowed at Salt
f>ake City. For full information ask L.
H. Fletcher, 126 California street. ?
Flanigari Protects His 'Lambs.
Unlted States Circuit Judge Morrow has
issued a -restraining -order, against' the
county_.,of Sierra and Augusf.C. 'Buseh,
License Collector . for that county.' to en-
Join them from proceeding to collect the
sheep tax of 10 cents per head 'upon -SO ,000
head of sheep belonging to P. V.- ihanigan.
The Supervisors "a. year ago | passed 1 an
ordrnaneo ¦ imposing » the • tax on all sheep
and lambs in the county belonging to non
residents. Flanigan 1 filed a suit; in the
United' States- Circuit Court alleging that
the .ordinance is unconstitutional because
if discriminates in favor of resident sheep
owners . and does not- impose a" license
upon "hogs;- cattle and horses 'grazing In
that- county. J. ; C. Campbell ts, attorney
Professor Dyson Says* American Sci-
DISTINGUISHED ENGLISH
ASTRONOMER ARRIVES
entists in Sumatra Secured Best
Photographs cf Eclipse.
Professor F. W. Dyson, an astronomer
from the Greenwich Observatory of Eng
land, arrived here yesterday from the isl
end of Sumatra, where he was sent by
the British Government to take observa
tions of the eclipse of the sun that oc
curred on May 38. i ,
Professor Dyson said last evening that
the eclipse was perfect, but he was afraid
that none of the photographic exposures
secured by his narty were good, owintr to
the cloudy weather prevailng at the time.
He * s t id a e /^rfcan professors who
went to Sumatra in the interest of science
were more fortunate. Professor Humph
ries of the University of Virginia took
tome splendid photographs, and he ex
pects that they will be eagerly sought
after by astronomers. 6
Professor Dyson will visit Mount Hamil
ton and the Lick Observatory to-day He
will also visit several of the Government
scientific Institutions before returning- to
England. .
Mrs. Frederika . Erb,' an- Insane
Patient, Commits, Suicide. at the
• ' Receiving Hospital. ;,
' Frederika A.' Erb.'^an- elderly woman,
who was being held at the Receiving Hos
pital pending nn examination regarding
her sanity, committed suicide In her cell
in th<3 Insane v/ard yesterday afternoon.
- Mrs. Swett. the matron of the hospital,
left tho patient a fow minutes before the
tragedy and wont to the telephone to or
der a meal- for her from a near-by restau
rant. : When ehe returned the matron no
ticed that the wicket of the cell door had
been stuffed, and she opened the door to
investigate, . : Aa,Bhe entered the cell the
lifeless body of the suicide fell at her feet.
The condition of the cell showed that
the victim was determined in her effort to
end her existence. . j She had raised, the
heavy iron bed upon end and made fast a
sheet to its upper rung. The other end of
the sheet was wound tightly around the
woman's neck. .' The woman by kneeling
on the floor and pressing her head for
ward slowly strangled herself before the
matron's return. ..-- - ,, • . ¦
Mrs. Erb was brought to the hospital
yesterday morning- by her son. \ He said
in his application to have her committed
that she was insane because of a religious
mania. ...:¦'¦ -^ :. • . - ¦ -
STBANGLES HEESELF TO
DEATH IN HER CEXL
TO .the many good plays in her rep
ertoire Miss Florence Roberts has
now added the delightful old com
edy of manners, "The School for
Scandal," given last night at the
Alcazar Theater. That the Sheridan play
etill has ample power to charm was fully
evinced last night in. the delighted appre
ciation that greeted every quaint quip
and witty humor of the old-time comedy.
Amazingly new it all sounds, its well su
gared pill as modern a necessity as that
of the day of its compounding.
The play will go better in a few nights
than it did last night. The waits were
long, the action lagged and at twenty-five
minutes after 11 o'clock, when I left the
theater, there was still an act to come.
It speaks well indeed for the interest of
the performance that almost all of the
audience was still waiting for that last
act when I left. Like all of Miss Rob
erts' plays, "The School for Scandal" Is
staged astonishingly well, costumed fit
tingly and carefully thought out. It is
as well cast as the resources of the com
pany allow, and a very creditable per
formance is given. Miss Roberts, of
course, does the bewitching Lady Teazle,
and adds another intelligent conception to
her repertoire. She looks and acts the
part with much grace and wears two or
three "monstrous fine gowns," to speak in
the fashion of the period.
Barton Hill, In addition to the manage
ment of the comedy, assumes the* role of
Sir Peter Teazle, and gives a pleasing and
careful study of the role. White Whit
tlesey is a very efficient Charles Surface,
with an excellent foil in Lucius Hender
eon as his hypocritical brother. He does
good work throughout as the fascinating
spendthrift, and, George Webster Is a suf
ficient Oliver Surface.
Of the smaller parts, Marie Howe is ad
mirable as Mrs. Candor, Agnes Ranken
a not particularly convincing Maria and
Lillian Armsby Is sufficient as Lady
Sneerwell. Edwin Emery as Careless
needs suppressing somewhat; there is too
much of him for the size of the part.
But the play Is on the whole worthily
given and it is a privilege to see so worthy
a play thu8 given at the price.
Columbia.
Charles Frohman's great stage specta
cle, "Under Two Flags," with Blanche
Bates . as Cigarette, Is now in Its third
week at the Columbia Theater, and indi
cations point to a continuance of the
present big business. The thrilling ro
mance is superbly presented and in the
¦wonderful sandstorm scene a triumph of
realism is achieved. Miss Bates continues
to impress all as one of the few actresses
on the American stage capable of por
traying the passion of Ouida's fervid he
roine, anil at ' every • performance she is
obliged to respond to the recalls of the
enthusiastic audience.
Grand Opera-House.
There were flowers galore for beautiful
Mary Van Burcn and- plenty of applause
for T. Daniel Frawley at the Grand
Opera-house last evening, besides an en
thusiastic audience that showed its ap
proval for Gillette's great play) "Secret
Service " ¦ ¦ -
"Secret Service" Is not a perfect fit for
the Frawley people, but it is a tremen
dous big play .that might survive even
bad acting. Frawley, of course, is .not
Gillette in hia interpretation of Captain
Thorne, but nevertheless, his version of
the role is an intelligent and convincing
one. Mary Van Buren made a very prutty
Edith Varney, Christine Hill as. Martha,
one of the negro servants of the Varney
home, has only one scene,' but she made
that scene tell. Pearl Landers was hard
ly equal to the requirements of her role.
First and foremost of all the cast in
point of strong acting is Morgan. As
Benton Arrelford hennas a part that fits'
his clenched-teeth style of .delivery, and
though all through the play he has the
audience against' him, he still managed to
make -his role the star one of the play
"Secret Service" is splendidly staged and
should draw well during its one week run.
Central.
Gillette's '.'Held by the Enemy," as. pre
sented this week at the. Central Theater,
is an example of a good play; mounted,
scened and costumed. as it should be. One
of the most startling of the realistic ef
fects Is the bombardment in the third act,
when a. shell bursts blazing through the
wall of the division- headquarters, Tho
wall catches fire andthe effect is so start
ling and so real that most of the audience
believe that it is a real fire In the theater.
The play is well constructed within th?
lines of probability and is alive with,ac
tion. The thunder of the cannonade is
real and the clattering of the horses'
hoofs is surprisingly well simulated.
Last night the gallery was enthusiastic.
It rose to its many noisy feetand whistled
and yelled for Juliet Crosby and James
M. Brophy at the end of each act, and
when the curtain fell on the third act
the two were called before the curtain,
where Miss-Crosby was' loaded down with
roses, and a speech from Mr. Brophy was"
insisted upon. : -
The principals had good support from
Georgie Cooper as Susan McGreery, Mar-'
garet Marshall as Euphremia, George
Hernandez as Uncle Kufus, Wil'ard
Blackmore as Lieutenant Godenhayne,
Stanley Ross as the newspaper corre
spondent and James Corrigan as the brig
adier surgeon. The picturesque drama
without a villian is played up to the han
dle and is one of the most brilliant .suc
cesses of the year.
Tivoli. :
"Tfie Babes in the Wood" has caught
on at the Tivoli Opera-house, which was
crowded last night with a delighted and
appreciative audience. The extravaganza
is full of fun and the topical songs last
night were encored again and again. Fer
ris Hartman and Harry Cashman as the
two tramps, Edward Webb and Annie
Myers as the babes, Maud Williams as the
teacher, Arthur Cunningham as the fair.
ily physician, Alf C- Wheelan and Ber
j:ice Holmes as Sir Rowland and Lady
Macasser are all admirably suited to the
humor of their parts. Cunningham's
song, "The Will-o'-the-Wisp," was
splendidly rendered. The beautiful trans
formation scene Is a fitting climax to the
successful piece. . . .
Orpheum.
Gilbert and Goldle, who are again at
the Orpheum after a year's absence, were
given a most hearty reception last even
ing and bid, fair to be. the hit of the sea
son. Emily Lytton and Charles Bowser
put on a new sketch called "Next," and
scored a genuine success in the skit. It
possesses- more' than the average of lit
erary merit for anything seen on the
vaudeville stage, and Miss Lytton makes
the most of her lines. ¦ . Y y :
Marie Stuart and Clayton White pro
voked much hilarity "In the playette "Ger
aldine," while Irving Jones, the colored
monologlst. gave some, new gags and
songs. The holdovers are La Moyne
brothers, Blram, Bomm and Brrr;-tho
Prosper troupe and- the biograph. ¦ - -
Fischer's Concert House.
At Fischer's Concert House Pletro Buzzt
scored -a success last night.. -His tenor
solos from Italian grand operas were v/ell
rendered. Alice- "Wren and' Charles Lun
den In their specialty were v/ell received,"
and Charity Martin and Signor Q. S. Wan
rell in their solos and duets received en
core after encore. Al Hazard, ventrilo
quist; Black and Wllcox, banjo . duetlste,
and the.Kelcey sisters, dancing and sing
ing' soubrettes, completed- an .excellent
programme. , ; - \
Chutes.
The Chutes' has an excellent bill this
week, Richards, the cartoonist,' scored a
hit with his clever work, Flatt and Suth
erland | are I also eoo'd in a. musical act."
Spenser Kelly, the barytone, continues a
great favorite. Other numbers are the
La Monts society, acrobats; Aronsen and
Choate, juveniles, and Memphis Kennedy
in a musical act. .
Olympia.
Xester Reeves made quite a hit" at- the
Olympia last evening. lone in poses plas
tiques is still a popular attraction and the
rest of the new bill is good.
TALENTED MEMBER OF BELASCO & THALL'S CENTRAL THEATER
STOCK COMPANY WHO HAS BEEN CAST TO ADVANTAGE RE
CENTLY IN SEVERAL PLATS AT THIS HOUSE.
The case of Julius ' Lax, clerk in.
Schwartz's clothing- store, 407 Kearny
street, charged with felony embezzlement
for stealing $160 which H. W. Johnston, an
ex-soldier, had given him for safe keep-
Ing, was again called in Judge Conlan'a
court yesterday and continued till to-mor
row. Detective McMahon. who nas charge'
of the case, notified the Judge that John
ston had disappeared and he had been un
able to find him.
Johnston Has Disappeared.
The City Attorney advised the Supervis
ors yesterday that a final judgment for
protested taxes is payable out of the sur
plus fund of any year when there is money
in such fund to pay the same. . .
Payment of Final Judgment.
Benefit for Dominican Sisters.
A lecture by, the Very Rev. J. L. O'Xeil
is soon to be given under the auspices of
the Holy Name Society for the benefit of
the Dominican Sisters. A committee con
sisting of J. B. Mclntyre. E. J. Gallagher.
E. R. Myrick. P. J. McKeon, J. Doherty
and E. F. Burns has been selected to per
fect arrangements.
The Board of Supervisors yesterday
passed to print an ordinance providing
for the paving of additional blocks, ne
cessitating a total expenditure of $74,085.
The improvements are recommended by
the Board of Works and embrace the fol
lowing sections of streets: j
Spear, from Howard to Market, with basalt
blocks, at an estimated cost of $20,832; Stock
ton, from Union to Pacific, bituminous rock and
cobbles, $7550; Van Ness avenue, from Pine to
Bush, • bituminous rock and cobbles, $5750;
crossings of Ninth, Eleventh, TweKth and Fol
som. and Folsom, between Ninth and Tenth, bi
tuminous rock, $6800; Clay, from Sansome to
Davis, basalt blocke, $7466; Washington, from
Sansome to Battery, basalt blocks, $1937; Va
lencia, from Market to Eighteenth, asphalt and
basalt blocks, $23,690.
The ordinance limiting the speed of mo
biles, automobiles or locomobiles to eight
miles an hour inside the* city limits and
ten miles outside, and also regulating the
storage of gasoline or other product of
petroleum used as- motive power for. the
machines named, was passed to print.
An ordinance to amend section 63 of or
der 2927, defining the fire limits and regu
lating tho- height of buildings, was re
ferred to the Fire Committee. The amend
ment 1 specifies that- public schoolhouses or
other public buildings may be built more
tban fifty-flve teet high, and will permit
of an additional story to the Dudley Stone
School.. _ . -
The bill placing the regulating of the
vacating of unsafe and unsanitary struc
tures- and the abatement of nuisances
therein in the hands of the Health De
partment-was passed -to print. -
The resolution authorizing an additional
expenditure of ?1500 to cleanse Chinatown
was finally passed/ . '.
The resolution granting \V. J. Martin
permission to. erect a storage tank with a
capacity of 9000 gallons to store crude pe
troleum to be u?ed as fuel in the:prem
ises at 217-Stevcnson street, to be known
as the "Claus Spreckels power-house,"
was passed to print.
The protest of the People's Mutual Tele
phone Company against granting a fran
chise to a syndicate represented i by
Adrian King was referred to the Judiciary
Committee. Braunhart's resolution re
questing the City Attorney to furnish an
opinion whether or not tho People's Com
pany has forfeited its franchise by reason
of non-compliance with certain ordin
ances, and what steps are necessary to
insure the collection of the sum forfeited
on the bond furnished by the company's
sureties, was referred to the same com
mittee. •
The communication from the Board of
Workg recommending the passage of an
ordinance compelling property owners to
make urgent repairs to unaccepted streets
and sidewalks vas referred to the Street
Committee. -.
. The- communication from Mrs. J. Beau
champ with notice of claim of $50 against
the .city . for damages sustained on ,her
premises,, at 1815 Fourteenth avenue
south, through depredations of small boys
was referred to the Police Committee.
The petitioner suggests the creation ol a
"boy police league 1 / without uniforms.
The Peck-Williamson Heating Company
filed a claim for $3332. balance due on a
contract to install a heating plant in the
Mission High School, .which the Board of
Education refuses to pay.
The resolution awarding the contract for
flour to Hooper & Jennings was finally
passed. A temporary injunction against
the firm on the ground that It had not
deposited a sufficient check was dissolved
by Judge Seawell. and the firm has since
deposited an adaquate check.
SHOWS WELL
IN LIGHT WINDS
Constitution Easily Out
distances the Inde
pendence.,
Sailing.
Herreshoff s New Boat Is a
Marvel in Speed and «
NEWPORT. B. I.. July «.— If the vic
tory of the Constitution over the Columbia
and the Independence in the first of the
three-cornered races Saturday was sig
nificant and definite, her ¦winning- to-day
may be characterized as overwhelming,
and the defeat of the Independence as
positive and almost hopeless. The ap
proach of evening again found the com
mittee anchored far out in JCarragansett
Bay. along with the catboat which marked
the other end of the finish line, tediously
waiting for the Boston boat to cross,
while her rivals were well up the harbor
on the way to their moorings. •
The new Herreshoff boat had beaten the
Columbia by nearly a half-hour over the
thirty-mile course, while the record
against the Independence was more than
tin hour. The Constitution came near
traveling around the triangle while the
Crowninshield creation was covering two
legs of it. To-day's race establishes the
JC«?w BrUtol sloop as a record breaker in
light airs. She has accomplished what
yachtsmen considered impossible in thus
beating the Columbia, while her perform
ance has put the Independence out of the
running in conditions like those ot to-day.
What her show would be in heavy weath
er is still a matter of conjecture, as it is
with the Independence, but the experts are
now almost ready to accept any achieve
ment of the Constitution without surprise.
Of all the contests in the history of
the renowned races for the America's cup
that of to-day is the most remarkable,
not only of the races proper, but also ot"
those incident to the selection • of a cup
challenger or a cup defender. The Consti
tution has proved herself the best light
weather craft ot this generation.
The wind was light irora. the southwest
at the start, and there was a long and
greasy ground swell from the southwest
when the start was made from a point
five miles east-southeast of Brentons Reef
lightship. The first leg of the. triangular
bourse of thirty nautical miles was a dead
beat to windward of ten miles, the course
being southwest. The start of the Consti
tution was notable. She did not seem to
want to take the windward position, but
b^ing- in a hurry lo cross started from
pretty nearly the leeward end of the line
and luffed up to cross just as the gun
sounded. This would have been the cause
of a berth further to leeward.-. But a lit
tle while after the Columbia and the Inde
pendence had crossed the Constitution
showed her haughty disregard of the pair
of them by proceeding on the starboard
tack, with her topsail defiantly shaking
its luff at ¦ everything afloat, then going
about and crossing tne bows of her op
ponents, and when satisfied with the lead
the had obtained tacking and occupying
a. commanding t^rth to the windward ana
a lead which she maintained to the end of
the race.
There was a baze and dampness and an
unprepossessing outlook generally, but the
Constitution overcame every obstacle that ,
offered in the way of flukes and doldrums,
and, sailed witli tact and skill, won out at
the first mark by 10 minutes 37 seconds
over the Columbia.
Of the next leg, a reach of ten miles, !
with only a gentle zephyr blowing on the '
s tarbeard beam, with a fine reaching jib
topsail set to whatever airs might come
her war, she sailed faster 'than the wind, i
and by rare skill and superior ability
worked herself through what seemed an ¦
almost inextricable tangle of hu.midity '
and, haze, ground swell and dead calms to (
another extraordinary achievement. She
rounded the leeward mark tight minutes
and forty-two seconds ahead of the Co
lumbia, and then, scurrying faster than
the wind, which never during the racing
to-day exceeded the force of a six-knot
air, ehe made the crowning- record of her
history by sailing over the ten knots in
forty-nine minutes and forty-six seconds. I
In writing of the brilliant work on the I
Columbia mention should be made of the j
valiant efforts the old ship made to es
cape from the hoodoo of greater merit on
the part of the Constitution. The brave
and determined efforts of E. D. Morgan, I
the plucky amateur; Barr, the able skip- I
per, and a crew never to be surpassed,
who kept up the great fight to the finish
and in . the smart handling of the sails
never lost a point, were all recognized by
appreciative spectators. She was out
classed.
The Independence was not handicapped
by her personnel, but simply by her in
ability to sail fast under conditions that
prevailed. She made a fairly good start
and experienced no purely bad luck. In
fact, in the reax:h to the second mark she
had the greatest bit of luck in her life, as
she made faster time over the leg by two
minutes and twenty-five seconds than the
Columbia.
That is the only satisfactory episode
connected with the rare of the Indepen
dence. In two trials in light weather she
has not proved to be anywhere near her
rivals. The statistical story of the con
test follows:
Elapsed Correct
Start Finish. Time.. Time.
Constitution ..11:55:26 4:54:30 4:59:04 4:59:04
Columbia 11:56:07 5:24:36 5:28:29 5:27:11
Independence .11:56:22 6:14:40 6:18:18 6:17:55
Thus the Constitution wins, beating the
Columbia twenty-eight minutes and eight
seconds, corrected time, ar.d the Indepen
dence one hour eighteen minutes and thir
ty-one seconds, corrected time.
On the beat to the first mark the elapsed
times of the three were: Constitution
2:20:25, Columbia 2;31:02, Independence
2:5S:4S. • .
The Constitution on the ¦ first ten-mile
leg of the thirty-mile course beat the Co
lumbia ten minutes thirtv-one seconds
and the Independence thirty-nine minutes
twenty-three seconds. On the reach to the
Fecond mark the elapsed times were: Con
stitution 1:4833. Columbia 1:57:35, Inde
pendence 1:55:10.
The Constitution beat the Columbia
eight minutes and forty-two seconds and
the Independence six minutes and seven
teen seconds. The Independence beat the
Columbia on this leg two minutes and
twenty-five seconds, owing to getting- a
slant of wind while the Columbia was be
calmed seven or eight miles ahead.
On the reach home the elapsed time of
the Constitution was forty-nine minutes
lorty-six seconds, while that of the Co
lumbia was fifty-nine minutes fifty-two
seconds. The Constitution thus beat the
rival Columbia ten minutes and six sec
onds. Although there. is no official time
* ,, the r " undln^ of the lee mark by the
Independence, she was beaten nearly an
hour on the lee.
As a matter of fact. Just four minutes
end thirty seconds before the Constitution
finished the Independence was dimly dis
cerned rounding the lee mark, nine miles
estern of the winner.
MUCH PLEASURE
FOR MARKSMEN
Programme for Coming
Festival Has Been
Adopted.
Participants in i the Tourna
ment to Be Wined and
Dined.
, • • ¦ ' /
The committee having in charge the
coming third annual Schuetzen Bund
Festival has completed the, programme
for the entire week. The visiting marks
men are promised a round of pleasure.
Everything will be done to make; their
stay in San Francisco one long to be re
membered. Following is the complete
programme:
Saturday, July 13.^-Evening: '* 8:30 ' p.' m.,
Grand tattoo, starting: from California Hall,
620 Bush street.
9 p. m.— Reception to the visiting sharpshoot
ers and to the delegates, at California Hall, 620
Bush street.
10 p. m. — Address of welcome to the sharp
shooters by • Mayor James D. Phelan of San
Francisco.
Sunday, July 14.— Opening day: 9 a. m., par
ade of the shooting clubs and the German
societies. ¦ " . .
11 a. m.— Departure for Shell Mound Park
by saeclal boat.
12 m.— Opening . address in the park by the
president q{ the Shooting Bund. '•-
12:30 r>. m.^-Banquet. . . '¦ ¦ " . . .
1 p. m. (sharp). — Opening of the shooting con
test by the president of the Bund, by the fir
ing of three. shots: Firstly, for our adopted
country; secondly, for th^ old fatherland:
thirdly, for the commonweal of the National
Shooting- • Bund. :' . ¦ .• \. • ¦' .. " .
2 p. m.-rConcert at the ' Temple ' of . Gifts;
Dancing In both pavilions. Popular sports and
merry-making for youns>and old.
7 p. m. -^Closing. of the shooting contest and
distribution of the prizes won at the Temple
of Gifts.' :-:.. . •.¦-• -¦• -_.' ' . ¦ ¦• ;
8 p. m.— Illumination of the park and fire
works. ¦ -.' ¦ ' ' -¦ ¦ ' 4 ¦ >¦•• - - •
Monday, July > 15.— Official -reception day: 8
a. m./ Opening of the. shooting- contest.
10 a. m. — Reception' of the visiting sharp
shooters in their headquarters by the president
and officers of the bund. §
12 m. to 1 v. m.— Banquet.
1 . p. m.— Continuation of the shooting con
test. ,
2 p. m.— Concert at the Temple of Gifts.
Dancing- in the r>avillon.
7 p. m.— Closing of the shooting contest and
distribution of the prizes won at the Temple
of Gifts.
Tuesday, July 16. — California Pioneers' and
Native Sons 1 day: 8 a. m., opening of the
shooting contest.
12" m. to 1 r>. m.— Banquet.
1 p. in.— Continuation of the shooting con
teat, r
2 p. m,— Concert at the Temple of Gifts.
Dancing in the pavilion. Reception of the
pioneers and native sons by . the president and
| the officers of the bund.
[ ¦ 7 p. m. — Closing of the shooting: contest and
distribution of the prizes won at the Temple
of Gifts.
Wednesday, July 17.— All People's Day: 8
a. m., opening of- the shooting contest.
1! m. to 1 p. m. — Banque.t. •
2 p. m.— Concert at the Temple of Gifts.
Dancing in the pavilion.
7 p. m.— Closing of the shooting contest and
distribution of prizes won at the Temple of
Gifts. ' .' r-: ¦
9 p. m. — phooters- attend gymnastic exhibition
by the Olympic Club, in the building on Post
street. ' ¦ •
Thursday, July 18.— .International day; 8 a.
m.. opening of the shooting contest.
12 m. to 1 p. m.— Banquet. ..
1 p. m.— Concert at the Temple of Gifts.
Dancing in the pavilion. Reception of the for
: eign consuls by the president and the officers
! of the bund.
7 p. m.— Closing of the shooting- contest. and
distribution of the prizes won at the Temple of
Gifts. ¦
Friday, July 19.— Ladles' day; 8 a. m.', opening I
1 of the shooting- contest. " .
12 mi to 1 p. m. — Banquet. *
1 p. m.— Continuation of the shooting contest.
2 p. m.— Concert in the Temple of Gifts.
Dancing in the pavilion. Reception to the la
dies of the visiting sharpshooters, by the ladles'
festival committee. • ¦'".' S ... •
7 p. m.^Closlng of the ¦'¦ shooting:' contest and
distribution of prizes won at the Temple of
Gifts. „ .
8 p. m. — Illumination of the park and fire
works. Grand ball.
Saturday, July 20.— California day; 8 a. m.,
opening of the shooting contest. Shooting con
test jif the National Guard. Police departments
and Cadet Corps of" the United
States of America. . .. .' .
. 12 in. to.l p. m. — Banquet.
1 p. m.— Continuation of the shooting contest.
2 p. m.— Concert at the Temple of . Gifts.
Dancing in the pavilion.. Reception to the Gov
ernor and staff; the State officers; Major Gen
eral J. H. Dickinson and staff and Brigade
General R. H. Warfleld and staff by the presi
dent and officers of the bund.
7 p. m.— Closing of the shooting contest and
distribution of the prizes won at the Temple of
Gifts.
Sunday, July 21. — Singers' and turners' day;
8 a. m., opening of the shooting- contest.
10 a. m.— Reception to the turners by the
president of the bund.
11 a. m.— Reception to the singers by the pres
ident of the bund.
12 m. to 1 p. m. — Banquet..
l.p. m.— Continuation of the shooting contest.
1 p. m.— First grand chorus, by all attending
singing societies. ¦ . -,
1:30 d. m.— Turners' . exhibition on parallel
bars, side horse and long horse, general grym
nastic exercises, . high Jump, broad Jump,
weight-throwing.
'2 p. m.— Dancing In both pavilions.
2 d. m. to 6:30 p. m.— Singing by, different
German societies. •
7 p. m. — Closing: of the shooting contest and
distribution of the prizes won at' the Temple
of Gifts.
8 d. m.— Illumination of the park and fire
works. Grand ball in the pavilion.
Monday, July .22. — German-American day.
8 a. m.. ..opening >pf. the shooting contest.
12 m. to 1 p. m.— Banquet.
1 p. m.-^ontlnuation of the shooting contest.
2 p. m. —Concert at, the Temple of Gifts,
dancing in the pavilion, reception to the State
civil officers by the president and officers of
the bund. . -
7 p. m.— Closing of the shooting contest and
distribution of the prizes won at the Temple
of Gifts.
8 p. m.— Convention of the delegates to the
National Shootlns: Bund. '
Tuesday, July 23.— Closing day: 8 a. m.,
opening of the shooting contest.
12 m.— Closing of the shooting contest.
12 m. to 1 p. m.— Banquet. . «
' 2 r>. m. — Concert and dance music. Dis
tribution of prizes.
. 7 p. m. — Coronation of the shooting king.
' 8 p. m.— Grand ball.
Wednesday, July 24.— After celebration: Ex
cursion to Schuetzen Park, San Rafael.
Banquet. and concert in honor of the guests.
• The prizes offered surpass anything- of
their kind ever put up for the crack shots.
The trophies are valued at $75,000. - They
will be placed on exhibition In a special
building in Shell. Mound Park and a
guard of riflemen will watch them day
and nl^htrr" ¦ . : ¦ ." *
Supreme Court Issues Writ
Staying Contempt Pro
ceedings.
The Supreme Court issued a writ of pro
hibition yesterday ordering a stay in the
contempt proceedings instituted by Su
perior Judge J. "W. Harrington of Modoc
County against J. E. Raker and G. F.
Harris, attorneys for the Lookout lynch
ins suspects.
Raker and Harris petitioned Judge Har
rington for a wflt of habeas corpus for A.
C. Colburn. an important witness for the
State. The petition was summarily de
nied, and on the ground that the docu
ment was disrespectful in its tone the at
torneys were adjudged guilty of contempt
and sentenced to pay a fine of JCOO or go
to Jail for a period of five days. -
Harris has already spent three days in
confinement, but Raker left town, ana al
though a bench warrant was issued for
his arrest he arrived safely in San Fran
cisco and presented hia petition to the
Supreme Court. He alleged that his peti
tion to Judge Harrington contained noth
ing disrespectful or unnecessary in a
proper presentation of the case.
The Supreme Court directed that Harris
be immediately released and that no fur
ther action be taken in the matter until
August o, when all three of the parties
concerned are ordered to appear before
the court in bank. -
Attorney Raker is confident that Judge
Harrington cannot sustain his action and
that the decision of the Supreme Court
practically amounts to a dismissal of the
case. '
A petition for a writ of habeas corpus
for A. C. Colburn will be filed with the
Supreme Court to-day. Mr. Raker states
that the three lynching suspects who are
now held without bail are men of estima
ble character and have the sympathy and
support of the community. He states that
there is little evidence against them and
that there is no question that they will be
acquitted.
Attorneys for the Lynch
ing' Suspects Given
Liberty.
MODOC LAWYERS
ARE SUCCESSFUL
The Mayor transmitted to the Board of
Supervisors yesterday a copy of the letter
received from Andrew Carnegie, offering
the city of San Francisco $750,000 for the
erection of a. central library and branch
libraries. In his letter the Mayor says:
The thanks of our city are due to our gen
erous benefactor. The Board of Supervisors
has the power to acquire land and transfer real
estate belonging to the city from one depart
ment to another >. and also to authorize tne
erection of library buildings by the Library
Trustees. The last named will probably com
municate with you on, the subject.
The letter of Mr. Carnegie was ordered
spread on the minutes and will be incor
porated, in the municipal reports. It was
also referred to the Educational Commit
tee with instructions to prepare a resolu
tion thanking the donor for his munificent
offer. The" Mayor also cabled a reply of
thanks to Carnegie.
The property owners in the neighbor
hood of the park originally known as Mis
sion Plaza and bounded by Mission, West
Mission, Twelfth and Thirteenth streets
petitioned the board to Institute condem
nation proceedings and take necessary
steps to have the property improved as a
city park. The petition was referred to the
Judiciary Committee. . ¦
Reed's resolution that the $208,500 levied
as taxes in the last budget to meet the
principal and interest of park and other
bonds, since declared illegal, be exclusive
ly used for the building of new school
houses. Improvement of the City Hospital
and the reconstruction^ of sewers was in
definitely postponed.
The resolution favoring an increase to
$2 50 a day in the pay of city janitors was
indefinitely postponed, as provision for the
Increase ' has already- been made in the
budget. - ' ' '
The petition of San Francisco Lodge No.
68, International Association of Machin
ists, to hold a friendly boxing exhibition
at Glen Park on July 14 was granted.
The petition of the San Francisco Ath
letic Club to hold an amateur boxing ex
hition on July 18 was referred to the Po
lice Committee.
• Maria Sjoholm' was granted permission
to add a fireproof room on top of her
building at Powell and Sutter streets. Wil
son objected and claimed that the ordi
nance was violated in that the building
exceeds flfty-five feet in height. Curtis
stated that the building was already fin
ished with the authority of the Board of
Public Works.
The board adjourned to meet on "Wednes
day, July 10, at 2:30 p. m., as a Board of
Equalization of Assessments.
Franchise.
People's Telephone Company
May Ha ve Forfeited
Provision Made for Im
f* provements in Down
town District.
BOARD ORDERS PAVING
ON NUMEROUS STREETS
Mayor Sends Supervis
i ors Notice of Carne
. gie's Offer.
established.
\ -
Property Owners Ask • That
Mission Plaza Be Re-
"SCHOOL FOR SCANDAL"
DELIGHTS AT ALCAZAR
"Secret Service" at the Grand and "Held by
the Enemy" at Central Score Hits;
"Babes in the Wood"
Draw Well.
"Under Two Flags" and
THE SAN FRANCISCQ CALL, TUESDAY, JULY 9, 1901.
4
ADVERTISEMENTS.
I HAPPY OLD MEN. g
S . ' Can youth be restored? Tes, all but the year* 8
8 JL,«n*^1- 1 will guarantee to restore the very essence of jj
« /r?**VB youth to men who have aged before their time; «
O aJC^'/L *° men w^ ose blood is cold; whose step is slow; o
0 -who feel haggard, decrepit, spiritless and full of S
S aches and pains. To such men Electricity la S
« &&5&fi!&G&&b?*\yEift the "Fountain of Youth." and as infused into «
S W»||Pggm@^V VvL the body by Dr " McLau shlin's Electric Belt it Q
1 A CtJRE 0R N0 PAY ' l
5 j$S$lK&L*^-z. j^vJ That's my plan. It costs you nothing if I irt
O ajjl^v, ~/'B fa.l\. Let me pour the life-givlngr, glowing: . 5
» mgBBB^Efaa iifc^rff warmth into your body while you sleep at nl^ht §
6 j^^^^^^^^^^^ga anf J ' n a ' ew months you feel like a young two- . 8
ty. "I never felt better tiian since usine S
8 ffiP&ffl&s&toSPSiSlsb your belt. It has done wonders in mv %
Qy^^^^^^^^CT case."— Richard VT. Miller, Button-willow, Kern -^
» - KiHa wsffiUs ppjirt th? RniV My book tells how x cure - §
* IIP wfSa ' I will send it FREE, sealed, g
I w DR - M - c - Mclaughlin, §
£ flP^i^ 1 * 3^' **&%!&& 702 Market Street, Cor. Geary, San Francisco. §
UNITED STATES BRANCH.
STATEMENT
OF THE—
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
PHCENIX
ASSURANCE COMPANY
CkF LONDON. ENGLAND, on the 31st day
' of E»ecember. A. D. 1900. and for the year
ending: on that day, as made to the Insurance
Commissioner of the State of California, pur-
suant to the provisions of sections 610 and Sll
of the Political Code, condensed as per blank
furnished by the Commissioner.
. . ASSET3.
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company.... $2,237 026 23
Cash in company's Office...........^ 021 £
Cash In Banks 23 li
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans „. 25 421 »•?
Cash in hands of U. S. Trustees.!!! 337*376 53
Premiums in due Course of Collec-
Uon 237 251 2«
Due from other Companies for Re-
Insurance on Josses already paid.. 12,403 53
Total Asset* .$2,932.934 93
J ¦'¦ « t LIABILITIES. "
Losses adjusted and unpaid 1123 7<ta no
Losses In process of Adjustment or
in Susoense\ 187 927 12
Losses resisted. Including: expenses r""5 00
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run- "'~
nlng one year or less. $l,6iS,963 S7-
reinsurance 50 per cent S» Ml <u
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run- a - J - ssi »»
ning: more than one year, $1 4S0 -
104 03: reinsurance pro rata .'. 761 19' »2
Due and accrued for salaries, rent.
etc or o-« ji
All other liabilities '.'.'.[ 203! 630 OS
Total Liabilities $2,136,185 00
IKCOME. — ' -
Net cash actually received for Fire
premiums 12 281 322 OS
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds, Stocks, Loans, and from
all other sources 73.210 28
Total Income $2,334.232 34
EXPENDITURES. !
Net amount paid for Fire Losses
(Including $253,326 CO. losses of pre-
vious years).... $1,560,133 (I
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 448, Ml 9S
Paid for Salaries. Fees, and other .
charges for officers, clerks, etc.... 136,331 20
Paid for State. National and Local
taxes 76.105 73
All other • payments and expendi-
tures ; 140.008 82
Total Expenditures $2.359.S41 49
Fire.
Losses Incurred during the year J1.SS4.339 62
-Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year $338,834,133 $3,432.350 15
Net amount of Risks
: expired during the
year 36D.213,9fT4 2,978,730 38
Net amount in force I
December 31. 1900.... | 313.819,143 3.139,06? 92
s . . A. D. IRVING.
United States Manager.
¦ Subscribed and sworn to before me. this
Zd day of February. 1901.
GEORGE O. RUGEP., Notary Public.
PACIFIC COAST DEPARTMEBT.
BDTLER & HEWITT,
General Agents,
413; CALIFORNIA STREET.
ST/\TE7V\EINT
OF THE
CONDITiON AND AFFAIRS
— of the: —
AMERICAN FIRE
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF NETW YORK, IN THE STATE OF NEW
Tork, on the 31st day of December, A. D.,
1900. and for the year ending on that day, as
made to the Insurance Commissioner - of the
State of California, pursuant to the provisions
of sections 610 and 611 of the Political Code,
condensed as per blank furnished by the Com-
missioner. '
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up
In Cash J40O.0OO CO
• ASSETS.
Cash Market Value of- all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company I1.0S9.175 00
Cash In Company's Office..: 2,338 SO
Cash In Banks 100,327 60
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 2,235 83
Premiums in due Course of Collec-
tion 233,140 38
Due from ¦ other Companies for Re-
Insurance on losses already paid.. 30,932 01
1 Total Assets " — Jl.478.229 12
LIABILITIES. "
Losses adjusted and unpaid $53,553 73
Losses in process of Adjustment or u
-in Suspense .' 44,890 41
Losses resisted, Including expenses.. 1,342 68
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less. $763,260 69;
reinsurance 60 per cent 381,634 S5
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
> nlngr more than one year, $385,-
432 65: reinsurance pro rata 222,720 64
All other Liabilities 61,878 24
Total Liabilities ................. .f~J766Two~57
INCOME. ¦¦.
Net cash actually received for Fire
premiums $941.687 83
Received for interest on Bonds and
Mortgages 759 17
Received for interest and dividends
on Bonds, Stocks, Loans, and from
all other sources 41,935 72
Total Income $984,403.52
EXPENDITURES. .
Net amount paid for Fire Losses
(including $64,740 05, losses of pr»- *
vious years) $694,23411
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage ..: 193,664 30
Paid for Salaries, Fees, and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc €3,204 31
Paid for State. National and Local
taxes • 29,088 46
All other payments and expendi-
tures : 54,530 18
Total Expenditures $1,036,719 34
' "- '¦ •' ¦ -~ i'V"-' Fire
Losses Incurred during- the year ..$664,825 10
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written ¦ during the
year .: : $180,163,849 $1,380 488 77
Net amount of Risks \ - ?*.*»".«!» 77
expired during the ¦ -
year 163,884.972 1.205 193 79
Net amount in force . .'^ 1J3 n
December 81, 1900..... 149.664.207 i.us 703 24
GEO. S. A. TOTING. Prest.
o .. .*. „ WALTER 8. ALLBT, sSr
Subscribed and sworn to before me. this 8th
day of February, 1901. . * inis 8tn
' • EDWIN F. conrv *¦
Commissioner, for California in New tort
PACIFIC COASTDEPARTMENT,
328 California Street, S. F
THOS. J.'/CONROY, Manager
GEO; W. ? BROOKS, Asst. Hgr.
BALFOUR,. GUTHRIE & CO. 1 .;. .7; .Dlrecte.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Th€CATTLE r RANC^^^
brought t °y° ur ig»V 1 ' %
COMPANY'S HBD r^
cvtd a r<r MgiwBBBBy I Ths ctwmi
C A I t\ At# 1 I BEAM THU
OF BEEF * J$B I siittKtmi
•f the best htef §&[ §j$C\/<r t
by the best p r o*/§|j ym \ «ewe
¦ t ¦ ¦ . |i"T» f * y 1
ON THE FOURTH
You'll want your Hnen in the best possible
shape. Compare our work with that of
ony other, laundry and judge for yourself
if we don't put it In that condition. By
careful handling we make your linen long
lived. We put a smooth velvet edge on all
collars; we wash everything that's wash-
able. . ; . \ ,- - -
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
i Office IOO4 Market Strast j
I ' Telephone— South 4-2O,"
Oakland Off»ce-54San Pablo A v.
DR. BALL'S REINVIGORATORHgag!!
Five hundred reward for any K^T^pftRSJ
case we cannot cure.. This secret K>fl» "*°fi|
remedy stops all losses in 24 hours, . 1_ _Js|
cures Emissions, Impotency, Varl- JwS 5s£n
cocele, Gononhea. Gleet, Fits, fwpl PTttTi
Strictures. Lost Manhood. and all UUjjj uUJ
wasting effects of self-abuse or tC3S_Jfc£3j
excesses. Sent 6ealed, ?2 bottle; 3 bZSSSEECs
bottles. $5; guaranteed to cure any case. Ad-
dress HAIX'S MEDICAL INSTITUTE. 855
Broadway. Oakland, Cal. Also for sale at 1073%
Market St.. B. F. All prlvata diseases quickly
cured. Send for free book. . . ¦•¦ .._
BAJ A CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
ISA GREAT RESTORATIVE, INVIGORA-
, tor and Nervine. -u ¦¦ •" . ••:¦ ¦
v The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Speoial
Tonic for the Sexual " Organs, ¦ for both -sexes
. The Mexican Remedy for Di peases of the Kid-
neys and Bladder. . Sells on Its own merits.
NABER, ALFS'&^BRUNE, 'Agents; ¦
' 323 Market sL, S.^F.— (Send lor Circulars.)TUESDAY, JULY 9.
TO SAIL.
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In .the order of occurrence as to time of
day; the third time column Elves the last tide
of the day. except when there are but three
tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights given
are in addition to the soundings on the United
States Coast Survey charts, except vrhen a
minus (— ) slpn precedes the height, and then
the number given Is subtracted from the depth
Rl\-en by the charts. The plane of reference is
the mean of the lower low waters.
Steamer Movements.
TO ARRIVE.
"There are three things we should do.
Beware of the evil of overproduction, of
too high prices, which make these Eastern
wines possible, and lastly, we must secure
this much-needed national protection. If
we do not accomplish these things we will
finally find ourselves driven to the export
trade of the Pacific for a market and then
we cannot tell how soon these Eastern
brick vineyard wines will enter the field
and run us out. Most certainly there will
be steps taken promptly toward obtaining
the legislation suggested." . •
"Where is the remedy? There is only
one, if any, and that is a national pure
wine law. There is no use to try to secure
the -passage of a pure food bill, for the
Eastern packers and manufacturing gro
cers would fight and defeat the measure.
The wine law is what we want, and it
must provide that the Internal Revenue
Department shall enforce it as rigidly as
those laws governing the production and
sale of whisky. Such a law would be our
salvation, but when we undertake to pass
it In the next Congress we will doubtless
find ourselves opposed by the powerful
Ohio delegation because of the fact that
the Buckeye State is the greatest pro
ducer of these awful concoctions - with
which they are poisoning the public stom
ach.
Where Is the Remedy?
"You see, we aTe handicapped by the
fact that the greater proportion of Cali
fornia wines snipped to tne East is con
sumed by Italians and the lower classes
otztrtencn, and one dealer said that these
people had stomachs that would not be
leazed by any adulteration of wine. 'All
they want,' said he, 'is wine— red wine—
and as long as it is red, heavy enough and
cheap they are satisfied.' This is where
our grave trouble lies, and this condition
we must successfully correct or be prac
tically driven out of the Eastern markets
for bulk wines.
"These dealers in the East are going
into the business extensively. 1 know or
one house that is putting in a million gal
lons of new cooperage on the lake shore
in Ohio in which to keep this brick vine
yard wine moving. Missouri is also in the
field and coming to the fore fast. As an
illustration, I found these wines as far
west as Denver, some places in carload
lots, and they are well distributed. Of
course they will be mixed with California
wines and sold for the wines pf thisState.
Any Wine That Is Red.
'"I found very serious conditions menac
ing our wines," said Mr. Rossi, '"and they
grow out of the fact that our products
nave reached a selling price where it pays
to start up the "brick vineyards' of New
\ork, Ohio and Missouri. Tne vintage in
these vmeyaras lasts an the year round,
and where we have to seil our wines at
bay 3b cents in order to make a margin of
profit upon the cost of grapes tne competi
tor in- ihe li^ist can sell that awiul con
coction called 'Catawba' wine tor 20 or 25
cents per gallon. 1 asKed the dealer how
such stuff: could be consumed and he told
me it was done by mixing it with some
characteristic California wine to give
flavqr. Furthermore, 1 learned that this
wine against which we have to compete
was dosed with enough salicylic acia. to
make it 'Keep on draught in any climate.'
P.'C. Rossi, president of the Italian-
Swiss Colony, who has just returned from
an extended. trip to. all the" principal East
ern-cities, brings a : surprisingly gloomy
report of ¦ adverse • conditions menacing
California wines . in the markets of the
East. Until recently it has been generally
believed .that the industry had entered
upon an era of prosperity that would con-,
tinue for many years, but Mr. Rossi finds
that this idea was ill founded, and he
backs up his conclusions with some very
stubborn facts." His journey was. largely
for»the purpose of learning what new ob
stacle it .was "that had not only 'put a
check on the. demand for the winea of
California,, but in some markets reduced
it. It did not take him long to get at the
truth. .- ,
Good California Product Used
¦ to Flavor Adulterated
Article.
Eastern Dealers Causing
Havoc in Domestic
Markets.
WINE INDUSTRY
IS ENDANGERED
FROM SEATTLE.
In the suit of . George Herring against
the" Modesto Irrigation District United
States. Circuit Judge :Morrow yesterday
ordered a decree » requiring . the : district
authorities to levy an assessment to". pay
tho judgment of $18,000 obtained by iHer
ring. Herring is . a British - subject - and
was induced to invest many golden* sov
ereigns In bonds of the district. The bonds
were repudiated afterward I on the 'ground
that they 1 had been issued illegally and
the -authorities refused to redeem the
bonds held by Herring.
Irrigation Bonds Must Be' Redeemed.
Time Boll.
Branch Hydrographlo Office, U. 8.N., Mer
.. chants' Exchange, ¦ San Francisco, Cal
- July 8, 1901. V " f
The time ball on the tower of the new .Kerry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
1. e., at noon of . the ¦ 120th • meridian, or at 8
o f clock p. m., .Greenwich time. • .
¦ C. G. CALKINS,
Lieutenant Commander. TT..B. ,N. t In charge
SEATTLE, July 8.— Per Br etmr Chins Wo
echr Okanogan. from Port Gamble, for Bristol
Bay. on July 7, in lat 48.46. long 129.24.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
BALLARD-Cailed July *— Bchr Mildred, for
Monday, July 8.
btmr Santa Barbara, Zaddart, for Eureka.
SPOKEN.
BAILED.
ARRIVED.
Monday, July 8.
Ptmr Grace I*,I!ar. Fosen, 64 hours from
Grays Harbor.,.,.;^'
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
Mrs. Johanna McCarthy, the "terror"
of Cortland avenue, was convicted . by
Judge Mogan yesterday of charges of car
rying a concealed weapon and drunken
ness. She made a speech in her own de
fense, blaming Policeman Josephs for all
her troubles. None of the ninety-six resi
dents in the neighborhood who sent a pe
liTion to the Judge last Friday asking him
to go, into the case thoroughly, as Mrs.
McCarthy was a "standing disgrace,"
Kade their appearance to testify against
h«r. She will be sentenced Thursday.
Mrs. McCarthy Is Convicted.
Well-Known Lawyer and Knight
Templar Suffering From Attack
of Jaundice.
Reuben IL Lloyd, the well-known attor
ney and most eminent grand master of
the Knights Templar, Is lying seriously
511 at his residence, 1010 Folsom street
Mr. Lloyd was, taken 111 four days ago.
He first suffered 'from a chill, which was
followed by liver trouble. Dr. John Gall
¦wey was at once called in and pronounced
the case to be one of jaundice.
Every effort is being :nade by the phy
pician to cope with the ailment, which is
likely to confine the patient to- his room
for an Indefinite time.
Grtat regret is felt by the. numerous
friends of Mr. Lloyd in his prostration
and especially so as he will be unable to
attr-nd the Grand Commandery's Trien
nial Conclave in Louisville, Ky., to be held
next month.
ATTORNEY EEUBEN LLOYD
VEBY ILL AT HIS HOME
Pqj-^HE Toyo KIsen Kalsha's Nippon
I Maru arrived from the Orient yes-
I terday. She made the run from
H Hongkong in 27 days 22^ hours, via
Yokohama 16 days 15*4 hours and
Honolulu 5 days 23^ hours. She brought
over the following named cabin passen
gers:
Mrs. A. L. Bagnall, Master Wade Bagnall,
Mrs. James Bell, Lew Bo, J. N. Boyd, Mrs.
II. Burke, two children and Master Clarence
Burke; Mrs. H. W. Burns, Miss Bessie Burn*.
S. L. Clarke. 1^ G. Clarke and wife. Colonel
H. C. Cochran, U. S. M. C. ; E. A. Conrad
and wife. Captain C. H. Davis, B, A.; Gaston
Dannet, fi. P. Dyer, U. S. N. ; F. W. Dyson,
H. Francis, Captain Goodwin, R. A.; F. W.
Grant and wife, R. Grunbere. W. M. Gulick.
Mrs. W. J. Hall and son, E. Huet, F. du
Jardin, F. J. Kingsiey, Ensign Dudley W.
Knox. U. S. N.; Miss Lewis, L. H. Littlefleld,
T. C. Maddock and wife. Chevalier de Melette,
Captain Guy G. Palmer. U. S. A.; Mrs. Palmer
and daughter, David Potter, U. S. N.; Miss K.
Rlordan, S. H. Steele, Miss E. Strong. H.
Tanaka, P. H. Van Tassell, S. -Toge, R. H.
Townley, J. L. Upham, C. B. Walker, Lieuten
ant Colonel C. Watanabe, ; GeorgeA. Williams,
R. H. Woods, Rev: M. C. 'Harris and A. John
son. — {¦£'•
The Nippon Maru broke the record by
not having a single stowaway on board.
She brings besides her cabin passengers
ten second cabin, 153 Chinese and 2548 tons
of cargo. She also brings the news that
the Oceanic Steamship Company's Zealan
dia has been repaired and was to sail for
San Francisco July 2. . V.' ¦".
The barks Coryphene and Sea' King ar
rived in port while the Nippon Maru was
at Honoluu. Mate R. R. Grindley was in
charge of the Coryphene, Captain Davis
having died of malarial fever on June 3.
His wife and family live in Alameda. He
was buried at sea. Several of the crew
of the Sea King were ashore the day the
steamship sailed getting out warrants
for the arrest of Captain Wallace and
Mate Douglass for cruelty on the high
seas.
The Fourth was celebrated on the Nip
pon Maru with athletic games, a concert
and fireworks.
DIPHTHERIA ON' GOAT ISLAND
Strict Quarantine Enforced and Case3
Isolated.
Goat Island Is quarantined, and it may
be a month before anybody Is allowed to
visit either the naval training station or
the lighthouse quarters. Uncle Sam has
about 400 apprentice boys over there, and
diphtheria has broken out among them.
Yesterday morning 1 a lad named Creighton
died from the disease, and two or three
others are down with it. At first the cases
were not thought to be very serious, but
when Creighton died it was found to be
malignant, so the quarantine was at once
established.
Until every danger of infection' is passed
no communication will be allowed with
the mainland. All the boys who have
been open to Infection have been Isolated
and every precaution taken to prevent
the spread of the disease. The Pensacola
will become the home of all who are
known to be free from taint, and in a
short time the doctors hope that all dan
ger will be over.
A few days ago 146 boys were trans
ferred from the station to the training
ship Alert. This vessel is still in the
stream, and will not go to sea until it Is
known that there is absolutely no dan
ger. The boys have been long enough
away from Goat Island to make it almost
certain that none of them brought any
germs of diphtheria with them, but nev
ertheless no chances will be taken. From
here the Alert goes to Honolulu, thence
to the coast of Japan, returning home by
way of Puget Sound ports and the Colum
bia River. If all goes well at Goat Island
and there are no changes aboard the Alert
she may get away to-morrow.
"Water Front Notes.
Frank H. Mills, a sailor on the schoon
er Columbia, fell from aloft yesterday, and
broke his ankle. He was treated at the
Harbor Hospital.
The San Jose sailed for Panama and
way ports yesterday. She took away con
siderable cargo and a few passengers.
TheKcsmos liner Ammon sails for Ham
burg via Central and South American
ports, and the Occidental and Oriental
Company's Doric for China and Japan to
day.
The Oceanic Steamship Company's Ven
tura sails for Australia via Hawaii, Sa
moa and New Zealand next Thursday.
The steam schooner Signal sailed Into
port Sunday ni?ht. She left the Columbia
River under steam, but on July 4 her tall
shaft broke, when she was off Cape
Blanco, so the remainder of the Journey
had to be made under sail.
NEWS OP THE OCEAN.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping Merchants.
The BIythswood will load merchandise at
Victoria for Liverpool or London. 40s, prior
to arrival: the Englehorn, wheat here for
Kurope, 37b 6d, prior to arrival: the British
steamer Royalist, lumber at Portland for
Taku. ,
Wheat for Europe.
Th« British shin Pythomene cleared yester
day for Queenstown for orders with' 66,251. ctls
wheat valued at $64,600. and 17,500 ft lumber
as dunnage valued at $265.
The French bark Beaumanoir also cleared
yesterday for Queenetown for orders with 47,
94S ctla wheat valued at $46.750,. and 19,000 ft
lumber dunnage valued at $285. ;\ ;v~
Merchandise; for Mexico.
¦ The steamer Curacao, which sailed Sunday
for Mexican j ports, carried merchandise valued
at $46,069, and manifested uo to dat» as fol
lows:
IS49 lbs 45 cs bread, 10 cs brandy, 6 pkgs
acid. 14S8 lbs butter. 10 bales bags. 50 sks bran.
30 pkgs beer, 18,511 lbs beans, 75 cs canned
goods, 100 cs candles, 55 cs coal . oil, 6 tons
coal, 66 coils cordage, 30 pkgs dry goods, 1534
lbs dried fruit, 24 cs drugs, 13 pkgs electrical
goods, 1£2 pK?k fruit and vegetables, 20 cs
fuse. 370 pkgs groceries and provisions, [37 ea
hardware, 53 bales hay. 2760 lbs lard. SS.S33 ft
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Arrived July 8— Stmr Anchorla,
from Glasgow and Movllle; stmr Cevlc, from
Liverpool.
GREEXOCK— Arrived July 8— Stmr City of
Rome, New York.
KOBE— Sailed July 5— Stmr Indravelll, from
Hongkong, etc., for Portland.
GLASGOW— Sailed July .8— Stmr Kastalla,
for Montreal; stmr Sardinian, for -New York;
stmr Sicilian, for Montreal. .
MONTREAL— Arrived July 8— Stmr North
western, from Liverpool, ror Chicago; stmr
Northman, from Antwerp and Hamburg, for
Chicago.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent. ¦ .
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
lumber, 219 pkgs machinery, 16 pkgs . mill
work, 2125 lbs malt, 512 lbs nuts, 56 kegs nails,
117 crs onions, 251 pkgs oils, 357 crs potatoes,
57 pkgs paint, 44 bdls pipe, 82 pkgs paste, 107
bdls paper, 200 flasks quicksilver, 1900 lbs rice,
4006 lbs soda, 34 cs stationery, 200 bdls
shingles, 4037 lbs sago, 961 lbs snooks. 600 lbs
starch, 92 pkgs ship chandlery, 290 cs soap,
1075 lbs tea. 13 pkss tank, material, 34,450 lbs
tallow, 20 cs whisky, 10 pkgs wagon material,
20 cs 2970 gals wine.
Cargo on tho Panama Steamer.
The steamer San Jose, which sailed yester
day for Panama and way ports, carried mer
chandise for Mexico valued at $5215; for Cen
tral America. $41,638; for Panama, $1329. The
cargo included the following merchandise: ¦
For Mexico— 100 flasks quicksilver. 690 bdls
shooks, 14 kegs nails, 5 bdls paper.
For Central America— S7 cs ammunition, 870
Its bread, 24 cs bottled beer, 383 kegs bolts
and soikes, 11 coils cordage, 275 cs coal oil,
55 cs canned poods, 29,660 lbs corn, 83 pkgs dry
eoods, > 24 cs drugs, 3342 bbls flour, 30 pkgs
fruit and vecetables, 155 pkjrs groceries and
provisions, 32 pkgs harware, 18,000 ft lumber,
27 pkgs machinery, 19 crs onions, 232 crs pota
toes, 200 kegs powder, 100 flasks quicksilver,
34,420 lbs rice. 10 crs sewing machines, 12 cs
stationery, 117 pkgs saint, 31 kecs staples, 10
bbls tar, 56,434 lbs tallow, I 68 gals 166 cs
whisky, 636 reels barbed wire, 32 cs 493 gals
wine.
For Panama— 50,000 lbs rice. 25 crs onions,
14 cs canned goods, 10 cs soap.
Shipping. Intelligence.
ARRIVED
Monday, July 8.
Stmr Cella, Hlgglns, 21 hours from Needle
Rock. .
Stmr Columbia, Doren, 46 hours from Port
land, via Astoria, 38 hours.
Br stmr Milton, Ralney, 3 days and 20 hours
from Nanalmo.
Jap stmr Nippon Maru. Greene, 27 days and
27Vi hours from Hongkong, via Yokohama 16
days and la% hours, vla,Honolulu 5 days and
23M: hours. ,
Tfck CLEARED.
Monday, July 8.
Stmr San Jose, Brown, Panama; Pacific Mall
S S Co.
Stmr Bonlta, Nopander, San Pedro; Goodall,
Perkins & Co.
Br ship Pythomene, McAusland, Queenstown;
G W McNear.
Fr bark Beaumanoir, Andrain, Queenstown;
Balfour. Guthrie & Co.
SAILED.
Monday, July -8.
Stmr W H Kruger, Krog, Tillamook Bay.
Stmr Point Arena, Hansen, Mendocino.
Stmr San Jose. Brown, Panama, etc.
Stmr Noyo, Johnson, Eureka.
Stmr Crescent City, Payne, Crescent City.
Schr Conflanza, Jacobsen, Coquille River.
Schr Gotama, Semsen, Coos Bay.
Schr Newark, Crangle, . '
TELEGRAPHIC.
SPOKEN.
POINT LOBOS, July 8.— 10 p. m.— Weather
hazy, wind southwest; velocity 6 miles per
hour.
Per stmr Nippon Maru— July 7, "7:30 p. m.—
3S.28 N lat. 326.69 W long, bark, signal letters
L Q C T. All well.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
SEATTLE— Sailed July 8— Stmr Mackinaw,
for San Francisco. •
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived July 8— Bktn
Lahalna, hence June 24. Sailed July 8 — Schr
Carrier Dove, for Callao; echr Robert Searles,
for Melbourne.
COOS BAY— Arrived July 6-Stmr Empire,
hence July 2.
UMPQUA RIVER— Sailed July 6— Schr Louise,
for San Pedro; schr Lily, for San Francisco.
Arrived July 7— Schr Bculah, from San Pedro.
SEATTLE— Arrived July 7— Ship Henry Vil
lard, hence June 15; June 8— Stmr Farallon,
from Skaguay.
NEAH BAY— Passed July 8— Stmr Umatilla.
hence July 5, for Victoria; strnr Progreso, from
Seattle, for San Francisco.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived July 8— Br stmr
Ching Wo, from Shanghai. .
NEAH BAYj-Passed July 8-Schr Carrier
Dove, for Callao; stmr Mackinaw, for San
Francisco. - . • ¦ , .
KAHULUI— Arrived June 22— Schr Olga, from
Puget Sound. Sailed June 23— Schr S T Alex
ander, for San Francisco. In port to sail June
28— Bark Nuuanu, for Delaware Breakwater;
schr Transit, for San Francisco.
MA HUKON A— Arrived June 23— Brig Con
suelo, hence June 9; 23 — Schr Minnie A Calne,
from Newcastle, Aus. Sailed June 22 — Schr
John G North, for Port Townsend; schr Mary
Dodge, for San Francisco. .
HILO— Sailed June ZS-^Bark Santiago, tor San
Francisco. '*.•"«, . : .
HONOLULU— Arrived June 25— Ship Hawaiian
Isles, from Newcastle, Aus; 27 — Bktn W H Dl
mond, hence June 13; 28— Jap stmr Hongkong
Maru, hence June 22; Bhip Tlllle E Starbuck,
hence June 15- 29— Bktn Geo C Perkins, hence
June 12; schr R C Slade, from Newcastle, Aub;
bark Sea King, from Newcastle, Aus: U S stmr
Philadelphia, hence June 21; 30 — Bark Cory
phene, form Newcastle, Aus; ship Servla, from
Newcastle, Aus; July 1— Jap stmr Nippon Maru,
from China; 2— Bark Oregon, from Newcastle
Aus. Sailed June 26— Ship Marlon Chllcott, for
San Francisco; ship Geo Curtis, for San Fran
cisco; bktn J C Pfluger, for San Francisco; ship
Reaper, for Port Townsend; schr -Wm Bowden
for Port Townsend; 27— Stmr Sonoma, for Aus
tralia; 28— Ship Jabez Howes, for Port Town-
Bend; ship Paramlta, for Port Townaend; bark
Olympic, for San Francisco: U 8 atmr Mohican
for Seattle; 29 — Jap stmr Hongkong Maru for
China; schr Ariel, for Port Townsend 1 schr
Allen A, for Eureka: July 1— Schr Carrie and
Minnie, for Micronesia.
HONOLULU— To sail July 2— Stmr Zealan
dia, for San Francisco.
BANDON— Arrived July B— Stmr Mandalay
hence July 5. .
SAN DIEGO— Sailed July *-Br stmr Carlisle
City, for San Francisco; achr. Mabel Gray for
Eureka. :
GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed July 7— Schr Sailor
Boy, for Sr.n Francisco. -r -• ¦
PORT; HADLOCK— Arrived July - 8— Bktn
Newsboy, from Port Townsend, ¦
¦SEATTLE-Sailed July 8-Stmr Coronado, for
San Francisco, via Grays Harbor,
PORT GAMBLE)— Sailed July 8— Br bark
Kllznbeth Nicholson, for Shanghai
EUREKA- Sailed July 8— Stmr "Lakme, for
San Pedro; Btmr Pomona, for San Francisco-
Bchr Fortuna, for San Francisco,
FOREIGN PORTS.
NANAIMO— Sailed July 6— Br Btmr Victoria,
MAZATLAN— Sailed July fc— Br itmr Are
qulpa. for San Francisco. • ¦ *-¦.;-*>::
SHANGHAMn port June . . 17— Ship .'Astral,*
for San Francisco. - . .
VALPARAISO— Sailed May 28— Br bark Dov
enby, for San Francisco, i
ST. NAZAIRE— Sailed - prior to June 27— Fr
bark Belan, for Astoria.
SHANGHAI— In port June 29— Br ship Count
of Kinross/ for Astoria. • -. . , ...
ST. NAZAIRE— Sailed June 28— Fr bark
Grande' Duehesse O!sa, for Astoria, ¦- ;..
UNITED STATES TRAINING SHIP ALERT, WHICH WAS TO SAIL ON A CRUISE WITH 146 APPRENTICE BOYS
IN A FEW DAYS. OWING TO THE DIPHTHERIA SCARE ON GOAT ISLAND THE VESSEL MAY BE DE
TAINED. ' )
It is only by concerted and united action
and by the active r>articipation of ~all good
citizens In this primary movement that corrupt
control of the patty machinery can be avoided.
After the meeting of the committee a
meeting of the Primary League was held
end the following resolution was adopted:
Resolved, That the Republican Primary
League co-onerate with the Anti-boss County
Commute* (of which Mr. Alfred Bouvier is
chairman) in the organization of Republican
Clubs in each Assembly district, and that the
members of the league, its well-wishers and
Republicans generally, be urged to enroll in
the meetinte of the district clubs called for
r-esct Wednesday evening-. July 10. at 8 o'clock
The attention of voters cannot be called too
strongly to the necessity of participating in
the cominr primaries.
Primary League CalL
Resolved. That where in any district Republi
can clubs have already been organized and al
ready exist, eaid temporary chairman may rec
ognize such clubs and may request meetings
of said clubs to be held on the said date in
order to afford all Republicans an opportunity
to join the same.'
Resolved, That all Republicans of San Fran
cisco be invited to meet and enroll themselves
in the regular District Republican Clubs of the
Republican party, which are hereby called to
meet for organization and enrollment on next
Wednesday.' July 10, at 8 p. m., as follows:
Twenty-ninth, Barker's Hall, 927 Mission
ftre^t. between Fifth and Sixth; Thirtieth,
Pythian Castle, SOS Market street, between
Fifth and Sixth; Thirty-first. Teutonia Hall.
33C2 Howard street, between Jfinth and Tenth;
Thirty-second, 591 Fourth street, between Welsh
and Bryant; Thirty-third, Maennerbund Hall,
corner Twenty-fourth and Folsom streets;
Thirty-fourth, Mission Parlor Hall. 3445 Seven
teenth «reet, between Valencia and Guerrero;
Thirty-fifth. Cadet Armory Hall, 1417 Valencia
street, between Twenty-fifth and Twenty-sixth;
Thirty-sixth, hall at southwest corner Twen
tieth and Guerrero streets; Thirty-seventh, De
visadero Hall, 317 Devisadero street, between
Page and Oak; Thirty-eigrhth. Mascotte Hall,
1106 Golden Oate avenue, between Laguna and
Buchanan streets; Thirty-ninth. Saratoga Hall,
£14 Geary street, between Larkln and Hyde;
Fortieth. Franklin Hall, 1S33 Fillmore street,
between Sutter and Bush; Forty-first, Loughead
Hall. 1605 Polk street; Forty-second, Golden
Gate Hall. €25 Sutter street, between Taylor
end Mason; Forty-third, California Hall, €30
Bush street, near Powell; Forty-fourth, Wash
lngion-square Hall, southwest corner Stockton
end Union streets; Forty-nfth, Garibaldi Hall,
*2Z Broadway, between Kearny street and
Montgomery avenue. And the chairman Is here
by authorized to designate a temporary chair
man from each Assembly district to rail said
meeting to order and to perfect organization of
same; be it further
Whereas, In order to secure as large a vote
as possible at the ensuing primary election, and
better to evoke the enthusiastic support of the
great body of Republican voters for the Re
publican ticket to be nominated by the next
Municipal Convention;
To Organize Clubs.
A point cf order that there was no quo
rum present having been raised, the ac
tion cf the committee in adopting the
scheme of apportionment and the applica
tion for a place on the primary ballot was
ratified by a full quorum of the commit
tee. . ¦
The following resolutions were adopted:
Twenty-eighth District— Expelled. C. F. En
gelke; appointed, J. Levi Jr. Twenty-ninth
District— Expelled. B. H. lAitgrens, J. Collins,
P. Schultx; appointed, E. S. Havens. J. S.
Parry. J. S. Elliott. Thirtieth District— J. J.
Slorehouee (died); expelled, B. G. Somers; ap
pointed, Ik F. Sericano, I. Erb. Thirty-flrsl
District— Expelled. E. I*. Nolan, William Oner
man, T. J. Sullivan; appointed, B. J. Flood.
D. Molander, J. W. Rogers. Thirty-second
District — Lawrence Hoey (died); appointed. C.
B. Rode. Thirty-third District— Expelled.
Thomas Haynes; appointed, L.. C. CulL Thir
ty-fifth District— Expelled, J. S. Partridge; ap
pointed. W. R. Pease. Thirty-sixth District-
Expelled, Alphens Duftee, J. J. Hore; appoint
ed, J. E. Barber, Charles F. Daily. Thirty
seventh District— Expelled, T. V. Maxwell,'
James H. Humphreys; appointed, G. Gunzen
dorfer. J. K. Jones. Thirty-eighth District-
Expelled — M. A. Rlordan; appointed, Myrtile
Orf. Thirty-ninth District— Expelled. J. J.
Sullivan; appointed. Myer Jacobs. Fortieth Dis
trict—Expelled. I. J. Aschetm; no appointment.
Forty-second District— Expelled, I. J. Truman
Jr.; appointed. Dr. Tenison Deane. Forty
fourth District— Expelled, W. C. Eldenmuller,
R. C Myers; appointed, Charles H. Somiaer
land, Louis Strohl. Forty-fifth District — Ex
pelled, W. B. Miller, Thomas R. Evans; ap
pointed, W. R. Noonan, A. H. Powers.
It was decided to expel from the com
mittee all those who had been absent for
three consecutive meetings, and in pur
suance of this decision the following
changes were made:
Twenty-eJghth. 11 delegates: Twenty-ninth,
12; Thirtieth. 12; Thirty-flret. 12; Thirty-second.
10; TSUrty-thlrd, 15; Thirty-fourth. 20; Thirty
fifth, 16; Thirty-sixth, 23; Thirty-seventh. 24;
Thirty-eighth. 22: Thirty-ninth. 22; Fortieth,
$4; Efcrty-flrst. 24; Forty-second, 17; Forty
thlrd. 14; Forty-fourth, 1*; Forty-fifth, 9.
There was some attempt at obstruction,
by members of the committee who have
been following false gods, and who, while
retaining their membership in the County
Committee, are training with the outsid
ers, at the same time using their position
in the committee to do politics for those
who under all decent circumstances
should be their enemies. ; %. .
The application for a place upon the pri
mary ballot is accompanied by the scheme
of apportionment. The scheme contem
plates a convention of 301, to be based
upon the average of the Republican votes
cast for Gage in 1S98, which was 2S.21S; for
I>avis at the same election, which was
£1^35, and for Samuel M. Shortridge. Elec
tor fcr McKinley, who in 1300 received
25,208 votes. The average of these votes
is 28.254, and the representation is pro
posed to fce one delegate for every ninety
four votes of the average. This will give
the following representation for the dif
ferent Assembly districts:
The Republican County Committee, the
real simon pure committee, met In the
Foresters' building last evening and de
cided upon a method of apportionment for
the coming municipal convention, the del
egates to which will be elected at the pri
maries next month.
Call for Organization of
Clubs in All Assembly
Districts.
One Members.
Convention "Will Have
Three Hundred and
APPORTIONMENT
BY REPUBLICANS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY^;; JULY 9,1901.
Brings News From Honolulu of Death at Sea of Cap=
tain Davis of the Bark Gory phene.
NIPPON MARU COMES IN FROM
CHINESE AND JAPANESE P0RTS
5
Sun rises
Sun sets
Moon rises
.'.'.'"ioioe'i
..4:54
..7:31
>. m.
Time Time . Tlme|
Date Ft. Ft. 1
H W L ,W H W
9 ... 5:30 4.0 10:48 l.S 5:34
L W H W L W
10 ... 0:24 0.7 7:01 . 3.9 11:46
11 ... 1:30 0.1 8:21 3.9 12:46
12 ... 2:26—0.4 9:29 4.2 1:45
IS... 3:20—0.8 10:26 4.5 2:44
14 .. 4:10—1.0 11:16 4.7 ¦ 3:40
15 ...| 4:56|— 1.1 12:00 5.0 4:31
Time
Ft.
- L W
B.S
H W
2.3 6:23
2.6 ' 7:16
2.S 8:09
2.8 9:03
2.8 9:5T>
2.S 10:48
Ft. V
6.0
6.2
6.4
6.5
6.4
6.4
Steamer. From. Due.
Luella San Diego ..July 3
St. Paul Nome & St. Michael... July £
Pomona Humboldt ..:..: July £
Leelanaw N. Y. vja Panama Uuly S
G. Dollar....... Grays Harbor ...|July i
Acme..: Siuslaw River (July $
Empire Coos Bay .....'. July S
Czarina Seattle and Tacoma July S
Tellus Oyster Harbor July 10
Victoria Oyster Harbor ...., July 10
Matteawan Tacoma July 10
Newburg Grays Harbor .......... July 1C
Despatch San Pedro ....:......... July M
Newport Panama & Way Ports. July lfl
ConemauRh Nome & St. Michael... July 10
Mackinaw Seattle July 10
Progreso Tacoma July n
Noyo Cayucos :-» July u
Alex Duncan.. Newport & Way Ports.. July 11
Santa Rosa.... San Diego July 11
Walla Walla... Puget Sound Ports July 11
Alliance Portland & Coos Bay.'. | July u
Zealandia. Honolulu ...: ..IJulyl*
Arequipa Valparaiso & Way PtslJuly 12
Point Arena.... Point Arena ...... .......IJuly 12
Eureka Humboldt July 12
Crescent City.. Crescent City July 13
North Fork Humboldt .' July 13
Mandalay Coqullle River.... July IS
Arcata Coos Bay , July 14
G. W. Elder... Portland & Astoria.... July U
Honlta San Pedro & Way Pts. July 14
Corona San Diego I July 14
From.
Due.
Steamer.
Destination.
ISails.l Pier.
Arcala
San Pedro
Amrnon
Doric. .......
Eureka.'......
Bonita
Empire
Rival
St. Paul
Ctty of Puebl
Corona
Despatch
Czarina
Pomona
Acme....
Ventura
July J). '
Coos Bay .......... 12 m Pier 13
Humboldt 10 am Pier 2
Hamburg & Way.. 12 m Pier 27
China and Japan.. 1 pm PMSS
Humboldt 9 am Pier 13
San Pedro 9 am Pier 11
July 10.
Coos Bay 5 pm Pier 13
AVlllapa Harbor .. 5 pm 5th St.
Nome & St Michael 2 pm t'ler 34
Puget Sound Ports 11 am Pter 9
San Diego -.. a am Pier 11
. July 11.
Seattle & Falrhavn 5 pm Pier 16
Seattle & Tacoma.. 12 m Pier 8
Humboldt 1:30 p Pier 9
Siuslaw River .... S pmlPier 13
Sydney & Way Pts. 10 am Pier 7
July 12. ......
Portland & Astoria. 11 am Pier 24
Manila v, Pgt Sd. 1 pm PMSS
Grays Harbor .... G pm Pier 2
Grays Harbor 5 pm Pier 2
July 13.
Humboldt 6 pm Pier 2
Portld & Coos Bay 5 pm Pier 16
Newprt & Way Pts 9 am Pier 11
•Xnly 14.
8.: Diego & W. Pts 8 am Pier 11
Columbia
Algoa
6. Dollar.....
Newburg
Noyo.. ...'... ..
Alliance......
Coos Bay.....
Santa Robp. , i
. ¦ Steamer, : ; Destination,' . Sails.
Queen Skagruay & Way Ports. July 9
City of Seattle, Skaj?uay &,\Vay Ports. July 9
Bertha...., Valdez & Way Ports... July 10
Portland .. Nome & St. Michael.... July 10
Cottage City... Kkaguay & Way Ports. July 12
Victorian Skaguay & Way Ports. July 13
Dlriffo..-.. ....... Bkaguay & Way Ports. July 14
Alki..... Skaguay & "Way Ports. July '14
CltyofTopeka Skaguay & "Way Ports. July 19
Steamer,
Destination;
Sun rises
Sun sets
Moon rises
.'.'.'"ioioe'i
..4:54
..7:31
>. m.
Time Time . Tlme|
Date Ft. Ft. 1
H W L ,W H W
9 ... 5:30 4.0 10:48 l.S 5:34
L W H W L W
10 ... 0:24 0.7 7:01 . 3.9 11:46
11 ... 1:30 0.1 8:21 3.9 12:46
12 ... 2:26—0.4 9:29 4.2 1:45
IS... 3:20—0.8 10:26 4.5 2:44
14 .. 4:10—1.0 11:16 4.7 ¦ 3:40
15 ...| 4:56|— 1.1 12:00 5.0 4:31
Time
Ft.
- L W
B.S
H W
2.3 6:23
2.6 ' 7:16
2.S 8:09
2.8 9:03
2.8 9:5T>
2.S 10:48
Ft. V
6.0
6.2
6.4
6.5
6.4
6.4
Steamer.
Destination.
ISails.l Pier.
Arcala
San Pedro
Amrnon
Doric. .......
Eureka.'......
Bonita
Empire
Rival
St. Paul
Ctty of Puebl
Corona
Despatch
Czarina
Pomona
Acme....
Ventura
July J). '
Coos Bay .......... 12 m Pier 13
Humboldt 10 am Pier 2
Hamburg & Way.. 12 m Pier 27
China and Japan.. 1 pm PMSS
Humboldt 9 am Pier 13
San Pedro 9 am Pier 11
July 10.
Coos Bay 5 pm Pier 13
AVlllapa Harbor .. 5 pm 5th St.
Nome & St Michael 2 pm t'ler 34
Puget Sound Ports 11 am Pter 9
San Diego -.. a am Pier 11
. July 11.
Seattle & Falrhavn 5 pm Pier 16
Seattle & Tacoma.. 12 m Pier 8
Humboldt 1:30 p Pier 9
Siuslaw River .... S pmlPier 13
Sydney & Way Pts. 10 am Pier 7
July 12. ......
Portland & Astoria. 11 am Pier 24
Manila v, Pgt Sd. 1 pm PMSS
Grays Harbor .... G pm Pier 2
Grays Harbor 5 pm Pier 2
July 13.
Humboldt 6 pm Pier 2
Portld & Coos Bay 5 pm Pier 16
Newprt & Way Pts 9 am Pier 11
•Xnly 14.
8.: Diego & W. Pts 8 am Pier 11
Columbia
Algoa
6. Dollar.....
Newburg
Noyo.. ...'... ..
Alliance......
Coos Bay.....
Santa Robp. , i
Steamer. From. Due.
Luella San Diego ..July 3
St. Paul Nome & St. Michael... July £
Pomona Humboldt ..:..: July £
Leelanaw N. Y. vja Panama Uuly S
G. Dollar....... Grays Harbor ...|July i
Acme..: Siuslaw River (July $
Empire Coos Bay .....'. July S
Czarina Seattle and Tacoma July S
Tellus Oyster Harbor July 10
Victoria Oyster Harbor ...., July 10
Matteawan Tacoma July 10
Newburg Grays Harbor .......... July 1C
Despatch San Pedro ....:......... July M
Newport Panama & Way Ports. July lfl
ConemauRh Nome & St. Michael... July 10
Mackinaw Seattle July 10
Progreso Tacoma July n
Noyo Cayucos :-» July u
Alex Duncan.. Newport & Way Ports.. July 11
Santa Rosa.... San Diego July 11
Walla Walla... Puget Sound Ports July 11
Alliance Portland & Coos Bay.'. | July u
Zealandia. Honolulu ...: ..IJulyl*
Arequipa Valparaiso & Way PtslJuly 12
Point Arena.... Point Arena ...... .......IJuly 12
Eureka Humboldt July 12
Crescent City.. Crescent City July 13
North Fork Humboldt .' July 13
Mandalay Coqullle River.... July IS
Arcata Coos Bay , July 14
G. W. Elder... Portland & Astoria.... July U
Honlta San Pedro & Way Pts. July 14
Corona San Diego I July 14
From.
Due.
. ¦ Steamer, : ; Destination,' . Sails.
Queen Skagruay & Way Ports. July 9
City of Seattle, Skaj?uay &,\Vay Ports. July 9
Bertha...., Valdez & Way Ports... July 10
Portland .. Nome & St. Michael.... July 10
Cottage City... Kkaguay & Way Ports. July 12
Victorian Skaguay & Way Ports. July 13
Dlriffo..-.. ....... Bkaguay & Way Ports. July 14
Alki..... Skaguay & "Way Ports. July '14
CltyofTopeka Skaguay & "Way Ports. July 19
Steamer,
Destination;
OCEAN TSAVEIi. "v
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
» Steamers leave Broadway
*v 'Wharf. San Francisco:
tBk: For Alaskan ports— 11 a. ra.,
WSagfcw July 5. 10, 15, 20, 25. 30. Au£.
' tSMRZOww 4. Change to company 1 a
: lxl»7van steamers at Seattle.
P«RnB*l **1 For Victoria. Vancouver fB.
' FlwKTrfW>ffl C). Port Townsend Seattle.
F K * 3t &Ecg$£ft Tacoma. Everett. Anacortes
and New "Whatcom (Wash.)—
11 a. m.. July 5, 10, 13. 20, 25, 30.
Aug. 4. and every fifth day thereafter. Changs
at Seattle for this company's steamers for
Alaska and G. N. Ry.; at Seattle or Tacoma
for N. P. Ry.; at Vancouver to C. P. By.
Fcr Eureka and Humboldt Bay— 1:39 ©. m..
July 1. 6. 11. 15, 20, 25. 30. Aug:. 4, 9. 13. 18. S3.
28. Sept. 2.
For San Diego, stopping only at Santa Bar-
bara, Port Los Angeles and Redondo (Loa An-
geles)— Steamer Santa Rosa. Sundays. 9 a. m.;
steamer Corona. Wednesdays. 9 a. m.
For Los Angeles, calling at Santa Cms.
Monterery. San Simeon. Cayucos. Port Harford
(San Luis Obispo). Gavlota. Santa Barbara.
Ventura. Hueneme. East San Pedro, San Pe-
dro and (•Coos Bay only) — Steamer
Coos Bay. Saturdays, 9 a. m. ; Steamer Bo-
nlta. Tuesdays, 9 a. m.
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay, San Jos* del
Cabo, Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Kosa-
lia and Guaymaa (Mex.)— 10 a. m.. 7th each
month.
Fcr further Information obtain company* a
folders. '
Th* company reserves the right to cnangs
steamers, sailing dates and hours of ulUng
without previous notice.
TICKET OFFICE —4 New Moatsomer7
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL, PERKINS A CO.. Gen. Areats.
10 Market st.. San Francisco.
O. /?. & N. CO.
Only Steamship Xjln* *e»
PORTLAND, Or.,
And Short Rail Line from Portland to wX\
point* East. Through tickets to all
points, all rail or ftteamshlo and rail* at
LOWEST RATES.
STEAMER TIC KET 3 INCLUDE BE3TH and XEALS.
SS. COLUMBIA
Sails July 12, 22, August L 11. 21. a
SS. GEO. "W. ELDER
Sails July 7. 17. 27, August «. 18. M
D.W.HITCHCOCK.Gen.Agt..l Montgom'y. 3.F.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARS\ COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. tt» .
for YOKOHAMA and HOXGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hicgo). Nagasaki aprt Shanghai and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board oa
day of sailing.
SS. NIPPON MARU... Wednesday. July 17. 1901
SS. AMERICA MARU.... Saturday. Aug. 10. 1301
US. HONGKONG MARU
Wednesday. September 4, 1901
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
frelirht and passage apply at company"* office*
<21 Market street, corner First.
W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
SECONDTRIP
Of the Palatial Steamer,
JOHN S KIMBALL
July 14. from San Francisco Direct to
NOME,
Teller. Golofnln. St. Michael, etc.
Safety. Speed and Comfort.
Passenger and Freight Rates the
LOWEST.
CHAS CONKLIN & CO.. Agents.
t New Office, 710 Market st.
AMERICAN LINE.
HEV 70SHL SOOTH 4.KP70M. LONDON. PAHIS.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Every Wednesday. 19 a.m.
St. Paul August 1 St. Paul August 28
St. Louis August 14 St. Louis.. September 4
Philadelphia .August 21 Philadelphia ...Sept. 11
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwerp.
From New York Every Wednesday, 13 noon.
Frlesland July 17 *Vaderland ..August 7
Pennland July 24 Kensington ..August 14
Soutbwark July 31 *Zeeland .....August 21
•Stop at Cherbourg, eastbound.
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
CHAS. D. TAYLOR,
General Agent Pacific Coast, 30 Montgomery st
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION CO.
And CIA SUD AMERICANA DE VAPORES
To Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican. Central
and South American ports. Sailing from How-
ard-street wharf No. 3. 12 m. -.
AREQUIPA ..-July 17| PERU : August 7
ACONCAGUA. ..July 21| GUATEMALA ..Aug 23
These steamers are built expressly for Cen-
tral and South American passenger service.
(No change at Acapulco or Panama.) Freight
and passenger office. 31<t California street.
BALFOUR. GUTHRIE St CO.. Gen. Agents.
PANAMA R-llSf
TO NEW YORK VIA PANAMA DIRECT;
Cabin. $103; Steerage. (ML
S. S. Leelanaw anils Monday. July 15
S. 6. Argyll sails Monday, Au&. 12
8. S. Lceianaw sails Monday. Aug. 26
From Sea Wall (Section .1) at 2 p. m.
Freight and passenger office. 330 Market st.
F. F. CONNOR. Pacific Coast Agent.
BAY AND EIVER STEA1EESS*
Steamers GEN. FRISBIE or MONTICELLO
¦9:45 a.m.. 1:15 and 8:33 p. m., except Sun-
day. Sunday, 9:43 a.m.. 8:30 p. m. Leaves
Vallejo 7 a. m.. 13:30 noon. C p. m., exc«pc
Sunday. Sunday. 7 a. m.. 1:13 p. ra. Far* 6a
cents. Telephone Main 1503. . Landing and' of-
fice, pier 2. Misslon-at. dock. HATCH BRO3.
' ADVERTISEMENTS.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OP THE
Fire Association
OF PHILADELPHIA, in the State of Penn-
sylvania, on the 31st day of December, A.
D. 1900, and for the year ending on that day,
as made to the Insurance Commissioner of the
State of California, pursuant to the provisions
of sections 610 and 611 of the Political Code,
condensed as per blank furnished by the Com-
missioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up in
Cash J300.000WJ'
ASSETS. ~ ~~
Real Estate owned by Company $493,600 00
Loans on- Bonds and Mortgages 1.5CC.S10 S9
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company 3,072,426 00
Amount of Loans secured by pledge
of Bonds, Stocks and other market-
able securities as collateral 83,140 61
Cash in Company's Office 25.4S3 53
Cash in Banks 230,70190
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 20.9S6 OS
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages 42.C8132
Premiums in due Course of Collec-
tion 838.263 53
Rents due and accrued 2.160 21
Due from other Companies for Rein-
surance on losses already paid 22.596 88
Total Assets .....$6,340,250 99
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted an<* unpaid $ 128,555 83
Losses in process of Adjustment or
in Suspense 144,639 90
Losses resisted. Including expenses.. 40,994 71
Gross Premiums on Fire Risks Run-
ning one year or less. $2,085,9S2 38;
reinsurance 50 per cent 1,042,991 19
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year, $2,377,-
SS9 64; reinsurance pro rata 1,263,369 35
Amount reclaimable by the insured
on perpetual flre insurance policies. 1,943.077 48
All other liabilities 346.573 37
Total Liabilities $4,914,20182
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for Fire
premiums $2,912,667 71
Received for Interest on Bonds and
Ilortgages 107,244 70
Received for interest and dividends
on Bonds. Stocks. Loans, and
from all other sources 137,662 65
Received for Rents 18.697 9-1
Received from all other sources 5. 704 60
Total Income $3,181.077 59
EXPENDITURES. —
Ket amount paid for Fire Losses
(Including $294,808 23. losses of pre-
vious years) $1,843,580 11
Dividends to Stockholders 200,000 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brckerage 638,67179
Paid for Salaries, Fees and other
charges for officers, cterks. etc 237,729 22
Paid for State, National and Local
taxes ••••• H2.147 59
All other Payments .and Expendi-
tures 137,092 21
Total Expenditures $3,189.220 92
Fire!
Losses Incurred during the year.... $1.797.230 55
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year $304,327,744 $3,753,912 24
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year : 282.637.311 3.321,787 20
Net amount in force
December 31, 1900 410,681.736 4,79X767 98
F.. C. IRWIN. Prest.
M. G. CARRIGUES. Secy. .
¦ Subscribed and sworn to before me this 25th
day of January, 1901.
THOMAS B. PROSSER.
Notary Public.
J.M. BECK, Manager.
JNO. D. RICHARDS, Mgr.S. F. Dept.,
3££ .219 SANSOME STREET,
fl'.- :r s wn Francisco. Cwl.
OCEAN TRAVEL. '
COMPAGNIE GENERAL!: TRANSATLANTIQUE
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. -^^-
Sailins every Thursday. Instead of -^^ffj^
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from pier 42. »3""i^K»
North River, foot of Morton street:" *La Nor-
mandle. . July 18; La Bretagme, July 25: La
Champagne, August 1, La Gascogne, August 8.
• First class to Havre. $70 and upward. Second
class to Havre, $45 and upward. GENERAL
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES and CAN-
ADA, 22 Broadway- (Hudson building). New
York. J. F. FUGAZI & CO., Pacific Coast
Agents, 5 Montgomery avenue, San FranciscA
Tickets sold. by all Railroad Ticket Agent?/
" *Twin Screw Express Steamers. - .
HAMBURG-AMERICAN LINE,
ft . Twin-Screw Express Service.
PLYMOUTH— CHERBOURG— HAMBURG.
Columbia.... July , 2S| Deutschland Aug. 8
TV Bismarck Aug. : ll'A. . Victoria Aug. 13
Twin-Screw Passenqsr Service. .• '
PLYMOUTH-CHERBOURG^HAMBURG.
Patricia...: July 20l*Bulgaria Aug. 3
tValdersee ...July 271 Pennsylvania. ..Aug. 10
... 'Sails to Hamburg direct.
Hamburg-Amerlcao Line, 37 B'v/ay. M- Y.
;HERZOG & CO.. General Agents for Pacific
qoast. 401 California st.
ft AAQnSl> C <T t*i\ HAWAII. 8AUCM, MEW
oceanics.s.eo. -----s
SS. VENTURA for. Honolulu, Samoa. Auck-
. land and Sydney.. Thursday, Jul? 11, 10 a. m.
SS. SIERRA for Honolulu. Samoa. Auckland
- and Sydney Thursday. August 1. 10 a. m.
SS. AUSTRALIA for Tahiti
*/ . .......:;.... ......Tuesday, August 6, 10 a. m.
j, D.SPRECKELS & BROS. CO., Gansra! Agents, 327 Hariat St
Sen'l Passsngsr Offics, 643 Market St, Pier lo. 7, Pacifis St
''-¦? -' ¦'. AD VEKTISEMKNTS.
¦Ipi.
Peruna an Invaluable Tonic for Women
in the Summertime,
Miss Marie Coats. President of: the Ap- bowels which were both distressing and
pleton Young Ladies' Club, writes the fol- very painful. I began doctoringf. and
lowing concerning Peruna: have had three doctors. They gave me
Appleton, Wls. relief, but I was growing worse. I could
The Peruna Medicine Co.. Columbus, O.: not eat -anything. Everything soured
Gentlemen— "I find Peruna an excellent on my stomach. Before I could get away
spring and summer medicine and am glad from the table my mouth - and stomach
to call the attention of my friends to it. were raw as a piece of beef. I was starv-
ing to death.
-^ "One day I had almost despaired and
-•. D had been crying. I picked up a paper
• —Sii»W>3ss^ ¦ and looking 1 over it saw where Dr. Hart-
j5^=^fc*S^VSiv " man's Peruna had been doing a lady so
Hf^WFM^y*v^&. much pood. I decided * to try It, so I
/(S^^«^yS{fe?^SJam wrote the doctor and he pronounced my
JtMM ismSSss^ifr'^^SsLX case catarrh of stomach and bowel3. I
• ' V«5SP a *8H»®raK«^)TOfia began to take Peruna at once.
J&W ) 'm "After taking half of one bottla my
X^&I >! !J$\\^inK\ mouth began to get better, and my
f^SL vl^lw&Su stomach was so I could eat several
«W^S W3&£0T% things. When I had taken two bottles
Y^S -^pK* M/SSisw'h I had got so I could stand up long enough
;^ ™ V£3sy{ to wash the dishes, and my bowels had?
// / v-fe 'l'" tiaras' given -me but little trouble. The numb-
'/// ( ' 'MsaS? ness left my llmb3 an< J I could walls
'/ '//I 4y-^: l#2p'-\V» quite a little way. . ;
'''/• ''ij *yLj,. "£- . s?£xW\ "* have taken only five bottles and caa
/ ////)) i *§h% "• truthfully say that I am well, and caa
0^//y/m^ *¦ ••* ' ,' • wS$a!0^ "\/\ and wl11 always praise Peruna."— Mrs*
V&r 1^- M?~ •^-^^SS^^-I The exceedingly hot weather of th»
./%ft\\\ RSffiV^" v^^ Ja£c 1 present summer is producing an alarmlnc
•-TuVVmwsfH- S5~--^ >v fatality from diarrhoea, cholera lnfan-
•^> i *^ J^K>5j^j=i^^ > v^^*^^ j*s«— -turn, cholera morbus and dysentery, and!
-^Q^mW^A \ ¦ X other catarrhal affections of tho abdora-
i lna l organs.
**$8&&ti!t v s %> Every family and person ought to be
R . » njs provided with an effective preventive and
* » cure for these diseases.
MARIE COATS- Peruna never fails when used In time;
to cure the most severe cases or them.
When that languid, tired feeling comes Thousands of lives are saved by this
over you, and your food no longer tastes unfailing remedy In all catarrhal dls-
good, and small annoyances irritate you, eases of the stomach and bowels.
Peruna will make you feel like another If you are not already acquainted wltn
person inside of a week. I have now used the wonderful virtues of Peruna in sum-
it for three seasons and find It very re- mer complaints, send for a free boos
liable and efficacious. "—Marie Coats. written by Dr. Hartman, President
Mrs. Emma A. Bell, Fort Pierce, Fla., Hartman Sanitarium, Columbus. Ohio,
writes: on diseases peculiar to summer, which
"In June, 1S98, I was taken very sud- contains a description of the causes,
denly with what I thought to be acute symptoms and cure of these dangerous
dysentery . and swelling of stomach and and prevalent diseases.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
A MORNING BLESSING,
Malt Breakfast Food
For Weak and Overtaxed
Stomachs in Summer Time
. /
Sir William Roberts, M. D., F. R. S., tho
great authority on "Foods and Their Val-
ues," says: "Not a few of those. who
bear a large and vigorous part in . the
world's work, and may perhaps reach a
green old age, are plagued half their days
with dyspeptic troubles." The use of Malt
Breakfast Food each morning speedily
brings all the comforts and blessings of
perfect digestion and robust health. Malt
Breakfast Food keeps up a full supply of
energy in the hot weather when you most
need it. Your. grocer sells Malt Breakfast-
Food^ . '¦'
I IffiUfVtV 1
I Mil ill la I ll^fe i
j III VII WN I ' . -¦. m
I This Great Train I
B AMI) m
I MIIU runs but twico |
fl per week during «
I IHUIlSDfir "•'-'; I
B TLJr Leaving at 9 am, B
I It arrives In 1
I a is irnn&iiB Chlcafl0 ¦* 2i15 • I
I TllllrilRf.il P» on Thursdays I
i uALiiunnifi MiS[iaiiis , I
I LI III 1 1 tU Its higH standard S
I of service 1$ §5
8 ON f u || y maintained. I
'ItllTI fr I
At) All I AIL I
DR.WIEYERS&GO. ''-JflMftfe
Specialists. Disease JjSfg^'
and weakness of ggjgSfc?
men. Establis h e d yap mtK f» W*i
1SS1. Consultation fjO|
and •private) boolc ":SLS& J ! '•'*\'\
free, at office", or v by. *wre. ' >^9WsJ' ' "
mail. Cures guar- Y$iti£:j&£&&
anteed. 731 Mar- r?«^«P?^
ket street (eleva- Ak^<Z&%Bw •
tor entrance), Sa.n yfl^^^^WKraBK
Francisco. ; . r : J * 'T^^Stop Diarrhae and Stomach Cramps. Di».
•Dr. Sanford's Liver Invigorator.
Best Liver Medicine. VegetableCure for Liver IUs.
Biliousness. Indigestion. Constipation, Malaria.
On sale July 20 and 21, the Union- Pacific
Railroad will sell round tri^ tickets to Chi
cago, good for 60 days, at rate of $72 50. D W
Hitchcock. General Agent. 1 Montgomery st/
San Francisco. *
Chicago and Return §72.50.
An. Indiana Judge has sentenced ; a man to jail for
stealing an umbrella, and it would setm that-the
light of -justice has at last begun to dawn upon% a
. The Springfield Republican says the Republican
party has never nominated a New Yorker for the
Presidency and argues- therefrom that Roosevelt >has
reached the limit. It seems never to have occurred to
our learned contemporary*that the gifted Teddy might
settle in Oklahoma and make the race as a rough
rider. ' ' .' . ¦ / v
The Santa Fe to Merced and stage thence
via Merced Falls, Coulterville, Hazel Green
Merced Biz Trees. Cascade Falls and Bridal
Veil Falls, arriving a't Sentinel Hotel at 5 the
next afternoon. This Is the most popular routs
and the rates are the lowest. Ask at 641 Mar
ket st. for particulars and folder.
Sest Way to the Yossmite.
Last year the corn exports of the United
States were 213,000,0CO bushels or 10 per
cent of the total crop. Europe took 133 .
000,000 bushels, against 24,000.000 In 1SD0 '
Special Information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lb at Townsend'a,*
Choice candles. Townsecd's, Palace Hotel*
The coast and geodetic survey is prepar
ing a map of the world for what Is known
as the "war room" at the White House.
This room was arranged during the Span
ish-American war : for > the President ¦ to
watch the movement of ships and troops
by means of inr.ps placed upon the wall3.
On these maps were recorded the location
of each regiment, company and ship, and
in the room were the telegraphic and cable
instruments.-
The new map will cover the whole west
side, of the room and will.be about thirty
feet by fifteen feet in dimensions. It shows
the location of all the cables in the world,
all the coaling stations arid all' the docks
where ships may.be repaired. Even the
smallest Islands are so marked as to show
the sovereignty, to "which they .are sub
ject. A considerable number of these lit
tle places are shown to be subject to the
United States, through their acquisition
for various purposes by American citi
zens. V -'.,."'
Officials of the coast survey\ say they
have had a'great deal of trouble in mak
ing this map up to date. Atlases and geo
graphical textbooks are behind the times,
so rapidly are changes made in these days
on the map of the "world. .The survey has
accordingly gone to first-hand sources
through , consular,: inquiries - and In. other
ways, and the map is. said to be absolute
ly accurate, . 7 ' ,.' • . :
NEW MAP OFTHE WORLD
Considering that this is deemed a year of prosperity,
the calamity record is extremely high. The spring was
marked by disastrous floods" and the summer'has been
one of almost unprecedented severity, while in addi
tion to what the weather has done, there have been an
unusually large number of great fires and railway acci
dents. :< '•;:-?
One of the leading churches in Omaha has adopted
a rule that women shall remove their hats upon en
tering the pews to attend service, and now the Omaha
folks will learn whether women go to church to wor
ship or to show their bonnets.
San Francisco is going to be surprised to find how
many people have good 6ites for libraries and how
bard it will be to select the best.
If it be true that there is a demand in London for
American restaurants the British business man must
at last have made up his mind to do the rush act and
dine in tea minutes. »
It is complained that commercial colonists there
have to face instability of protection to person arid
property, and that other countries protect their
citizens and subjects and practically extend the power
of the home law over their foreign Investments, So
¦-¦¦¦ "¦ .-« •
' Germany, England, France and Italy have subjects
engaged in trade from the Rio Grande'to the Straits
of Magellan. They find out the absorbent capacity "of
the market, study its taste and feed, it with the.sur
plus of their respective countries. These merchants
have the same influence upon trade as the Chinese
merchants domiciled here.
It will be an excellent thing when American com
merciaj enterprise shall locate in South America.
Europe, of course, remains our best customer. The
standard of living there is, higher than in the other
grand divisions, and the wants of life are greater. The
only discouraging feature in the statistics is the low
state of our South American trade. The cause is
largely political. Public sentiment there has set
against us' since the Spanish war. ' Another more
corrigible reason is the lack of North American mer
chants in South America and of South American
merchants in North America. The trade is a hap
hazard, catch-as-catch-can affair, with but little study
of complimentary production and adaptation to the
taste of consumers.
THE statistics of American commerce for^rfie
fiscal year just closed explain the industrial
panic that has taken possession of Europe in
fear of American competition. Qur total exports
amounted to a billion and a half in round numbers.
Agriculture furnished 65 per cent and manufactures 27
per cent of that vast total. No other country exported
an equal amount, and several that call themselves
commercial nations did not equal it. The details of
the business for May and June are not yet complete,
but during the first ten months of the fiscal year we
exported to the value of $1,155,000,000 'to Europe; to
other North American countries, $195,000; to South
America, $44,000,000; Asia, $48,000,000; Oceanica, $36,
000,000; Africa, $26,000,000.
THE YEAR'S TRADE.
FROM our Eastern exchanges we learn that at the
commencement exercises of one of the higher
institutions of technical instruction there was a
frequent announcement in the distribution of diplomas
of the phrase "graduated but not present." The ex
planation of the absence, of so many students from
the exercises is that their services were so much in
demand they could not wait to complete the college
course, and the president" had given them permission
to go out and enter upon their work without forfeiting
their diplomas..
It is admitted that the case is an exceptional one.
Rarely has there been such a demand for specially
trained men as at this time when so many great in
dustrial enterprises are being reorganized and so many
new enterprises undertaken. Even under the excep
tional circumstances, however, the fact is significant
of the prestige which technical training has now ac
quired in the business world. . It proves the value
of education in industrial arts and applied sciences,
and effectually refutes the recent statement of Mr.
Schwab of the Steel Trust that college training is of
no benefit to young men in business'
The British of late, have had occasion to make an
earnest study of the causes that have enabled 'the
Germans and the Americans to become such potent
competitors for the trade of the world, and one of
them in summing up the opinions of experts on the
subject says: "With one voice they ascribe the sub
ordination of British supremacy to American and
German competition to the higher technical knowl
edge which -prevails" in the two latter countries,
whereby craft is developed under scientific direction
and initiative."
These experiences in the East should give a new
stimulus to technical education in California. '.. We
have as yet no, school of that sort equal to the higher
technical schools in the East. In this city there are
three foundations for technical instruction, and if they
could be combined so as to work together it is prob
able that ; out of them a really great technical college
might be bui^t up. • Technical training of a high order
is a need of the time and we should not have to go
abroad to get it.- ,,
TECHNICAL. TRAINING WANTED.
He says the British have failed in taking the most
ordinary military precautions and in neglecting to en
trench", but their discipline is splendid, courage superb
and staying qualities beyond praise. He does not en
lighten us as to. their skill in avoiding or using pro
fanity, and apparently was not impressed by their ten
dency to read Scripture and sing the songs of Zion
in a strange land.
Captain Slocum's report of his experiences with the
British army is of less value, because from beginning
to end it betrays a toadying spirit, and is more de
voted to criticizing the Boers than to recording the
military means and methods employed by the Brit
ish. He takes occasion to say that the Boers lack
staying qualities. As they have stayed by the fight
for their independence for two years, though out
numbered ten to one in men and guns and a thousand
to one in resources, isolated and without an expres
sion of official sympathy from any part of the world,
Captain Slocum might have omitted that slur and de
voted himself to reporting British military operations,
which was his errand in South Africa.
They have been charged with violation of the rules
of war. A foreign attache to an army cannot say
much on such a subject, so when Captain Reichmann
says, "If there were any violations of the rules of
war they were not all on one side," it means much.
The sense of initiative and independence which he
found among the minor officers was astonishing.
When an order did not suit one of these he simply
disregarded it. This may have hindered concentration
and co-operative movement and prevented many a de
cisive blow. But initiative is not without value even
in a private soldier. In a stay of. seven months with
the Boers in their camps and on their marches Cap
tain Reichmann saw no drunkenness and heard no
profane word uttered. After the day's march or bat
tle these fighters read their Bibles and sang hymns.
They were more pained at the slaughter of the Brit
ish effected by their own sure aim than by the casu
alties on their own side.
THE reports of the United States military at
taches of the Boer and British armies in South
Africa are now both out and supply much inter
esting information and some less interesting opinions.
Captain Reichmann, who was with the Boers, says
they lacked discipline, though as men they are of a
very superior order. He will not be credited, how
ever, when he declares that the foreigners in the Boer
army, '"though few in number, were its aggressive
element."
BOER AND BRITON.
ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
HOOSIER SCHOOLMASTER-S., City.
The novel known as the "Hoosier School
master" was written by E. Eggleston.
MILITARY . TACTICS— A. L., City.
There are a number of professors of mili
tary tactics at universities and high grade
military colleges, but there is none at the
Presidio.
NOT A RARE COIN-A. C. R., Oakland,
Cal. A half dollar of 1858 coined at the
branch mint in New Orleans is not a
r^re coin and it does not" command a
premium from dealers.
THEATERS— Subscriber, City. The seat-
Ing capacity of the Grand Opera-house in
San Francisco Is said to be about 2500,
that of the Orpheum 'about 2900 and that
of the Central Theater about 1750.
BICYCLE CLUB— C. E. A., City. If a
club of "amateur bicycle riders desire to
join the League of American Wheelmen
they should communicate with Abbott
Bassett, secretary, 530 Atlantic avenue,
Boston, Mass.
OLD PAPERS— L. B., City. The value
of newspapers one hundred yeais old is
graduated by the scarcity of the papers
and the demand for such curios. There is
no fixed price for old newspapers printed
a century or more ago. Reprints of such
have no value.
RALPH HUNTINGTON— J. C. A., City.
Dr. Ralph Huntington, tried before Judge
Lawler and a jury for the murder of Jen
nie McKewen, was found guilty of man
slaughter and was sentenced on the 20th
of last February to imprisonment in San
Quentin for ten years.
HOMESTEAD— S. W. K.. Carters, Cal.
A man who settles on United States land
under the provisions of the homestead
law must comply with- all the conditions
of that law before he is entitled to a pat
ent from the Government, and until he
does obtain such patent he does not ac
quire any proprietary right in the land;
consequently it is not his to dispose of
until he does obtain his patent.
HARDWOOD- FLOORS— N., Oakland.
Cal. Hardwood floors are polished with a
mixture made as follows: A pound of
the best beeswax is cut into small pieces
and allowed to dissolve in three pints of
turpentine. The mixture should be only
a little thicker than the clear turpentine.
It is applied to the floor with a rag, the
floor being smooth and perfectly clean. It
requires practice to knew how to apply
the mixture, as too little or too much will
not result in a good polish. Less is re
quired Ifor close-grained wood. Profes
sional waxers are often compelled to ex
periment before they proceed with the
MASTER OR MATE— Suv., City. No
one can 'obtain a license to serve as
master or mate on a vessel, steam, or sail,
unless he has had sea service. An appli
cant may be licensed as master or mate
of ocean or coast steamers if the appli
cant for the first named position served
five years on^a sail vessel, two years of
which as master, and for the latter if
the applicant has served five years on
sailing vessels", two years of which as
chief mate. Any person who served as
master of any steamer of the United
States at the time a license was not re
quired can obtain a license as master. As
to sailing vessels no one can be licensed
as master who has not served a full term
of one year as chief mate, and no one
shall be licensed as chief mate who can
not show by documentary evidence that
he had full three years* experience on
sailing vessels of 300 gross tons and up
ward.
TRADE DOLLAR-L. C. M., Yountvllle,
Cal. Congress by an act passed in 1873
authorized the coinage of a coin designated
as the trade dollar, to contain 420 grains
of t silver. While such coin was not in
tended for general circulation as dollars,
but for the convenience of merchants for
export to the Orient, the weight and fine
,ness being marked on the coin, it was by
the act made legal tender to the amount
of $5. The trade dollars did not get into
circulation,' and the decline in silver ren
dered the coinage of silver bullion into
trade dollars tor circulation profitable to
holders of bullion, as the actual value was
less than* that of the standard dollar? In
1S76 the clause in the act making the trade
dollar a legal tender was. repealed, the
coinage was thien restricted and in April,
1878, suspended. Congress deemed that,'
many having tcken such dollars on the*
strength of the name dollar, it was right
to indemnify the holders, so the Forty
ninth Congress provided for the redemp
tion of all trado dollars presented at the
w \ e d i4 tat £l Treasur y Prior 6 to Septem
ber 3, ,1887., There, were redeemed S7.GS9.036
out of a coinage of 135,965,924, . ?'• UOJ » u °o
"A" year or two ago," said a young man
to a friend, "I spent a few weeks at south
coast watering places. One day I saw a
machine which bore the inscription, 'Drop
a penny in the slot and learn how to
make your trousers last.* As I hadn't a
great deal of nfoney I thought an invest
ment of a penny to show me how to save
the purchase of a pair of trousers would
be small capital put to good use. so I
dropped the required coin in and a card
appeared. What do you suppose it recom
mended as the way to make my trousers
"Don't wear 'em, I suppose."
"No."
"What did it say?"
"Make your coat and waistcoat first."—
Tit-Bits.
The late Bishop of Oxford was not a
man too much wrapped up in dry studies
to be able to turn a Joke. The following
rather mordant epigram came from his
pen at the time when Kingsley had re
signed his professorship of history at
Cambridge, with some disparaging re
marks on that study, and Froude had said
in his reetorlal address at St. Andrews
that history had been corrupted by the
clergy:
"While Froude instructs the Scottish
youth
That parsons never tell the truth.
The Reverend Canon Kingsley cries
That history's a pack of lies.
These strange results who shall combine?
. One plain reflection solves the mystery—
That Froude think3 Kingsley a divine,
And Kingsley goes . to Froude for his*
tory." -
--'-.- —London Chronicle*
"Ah," me!" she siged, and tears wellect
from her eyes.
Fortescue St. Cyril bent down until hto
breath all but swept her low. broad fore*
head.
- "Do you know what will knock that
cold?" he asked, earnestly.
She looked quickly up infb his face, and
it was what she 3aw there, rather than
his words, that told her he loved her.
"Quinine and?" she faltered, shyly, for
it seemed up to her to say something.-.
Detroit Journal.
Conspicuous in the mob were the most
prominent men of the place. — Detroit
Journal.
Then, with a loud cheer, they dispersed.
The Chinese mob, become In a measure
Imbued with Western ideals, -were re
solved to lynch the miscreant, tut with
certain deference to ancient custom.
Accordingly they beat down the doors
of the prison, and handed the wretched
fellow a pistol with which to commit sui
cide.
In casting up accounts relating to the
Boer war. Sir Michael Hicks-Beach ad
mits that 1700,000,000 has already been
spent.
He further estimates that it will cost
$250,000,000 to finish up the account, or
$950,000,000 in all. ;
The Eng.Ish voter may well ask him
self if he has not paid too much for bi3
whistle.— Atlanta Constitution.
"I heard you had a cow for sale," be
gan the amateur, "and as I'm thinking
of buying one I — "
VWall," interrupted the professional
farmer, "that's thet Jarsey. Thar's one
good p'int in her thet—"
"O! Gracious! That would never do.
I'd need a quart at least."— Indianapolis
News.
A CHANCE TO SMILE.
WASHINGTON, July 8.— The following
California^ arrived to-day and registered
at the St. James— J. K. Eldridge, Califor
nia. At the National— R. S. Lincoln of
San Francisco. * ' .
Californians in Washington.
NEW , YORK. July 8.— The following
Californians are in New York: From San
Francisco— F. Bell, at Astor; W. C. Bun
ner and wife, at New Amsterdam; W. D.
Forbes, at Gilsey; S. W. Hard, at Metro
politan; A. Le Breton,\ at Amsterdam; R.
E. Queen and wife, Miss Queen, at Hol
land; F. Ruechan and wife, at Belviderc;
C. C. Riedy, at Imperial; F. H. Robb'ns,
at Mailborough, W. P. Shaw, at Park
Avenue; Miss E. H. Withrow, Miss M.
Withrow, Mrs. H. K. Withrow, at New
'Amsterdam; R. H. Shdrman, at Manhat
tan; A. L. Whitney, at Holland; M. Cohen,
at Hoffman. From Los Angeles— W. Cor
kins, at St. Denis.
Californians in New York.
John G. Mott, a prominent attorney and
exalted ruler of the Elks of Los Angeles,
returned to Southern California yesterday
after being the guest of William Hum
phreys for several days.
United States District Judge de Haven
has gone to Eureka. Humboldt County,
on a month's vacation. He will return
on the second Tuesday in August.
Captains Davis and Goodwin, officers in
the. English arrriy, arrived from China
yesterday, en route to England. They are
at the Palace.
A. P. Stevens, traveling passenger agent
of the Chicago and Alton Railroad, left
yesterday fdr a business trip to the Sound.
A. C. Rosedale, a merchant of Pacific
Grove, is in the city on business and has
made his headquarters at the Grand.
E. K. Smart, -a mining man and store
keeper at Grass Valley, is in the city on
business. He is at the Grand.
E. O. McCormick, . general passenger
traffic manager of the Southern Pacific,
returned from Salt Lake yesterday.
Frank Carolan and wife and Mrs. W. S.
Hobart are up from Burlingame for a few
days and are at the Palace.
L. L. McCoy; a prominent attorney of
Red Bluff, is staying at the Gr^jjrd. He Is
accompanied by his wife.
J. Craig, proprietor of Highland Springs,
arrived from Woodland yesterday and is
at the Grand.
L. H. Littlefield, a prominent young club
man of Providence, R. I., is staying at
the Palace.
Mrs. J. M. Bell, wife of General Bell,
arrived from Manila yesterday and is at
the Palace.
L. J. Evans, a shoe merchant of Stock
ton, is a guest for a few days at the
F. C. Havemeyer.of New York, nephew
of the great sugar king, is at the Palace.
T. R. Sheridan, a banker of Rosenberg,
Is staying at the Lick.
A. Chilberg, a prominent banker of Seat
tle, is staying at the Grand..
R. Robertson, * manager of Gilroy
Springs, Is staying at the Lick.
M. B. .Martin, a well-known rancher of.
Pacheco, is a guest at the Grand.
Colonel W. Forsyth, the extensive raisin
grower of Fresno, is at the Occidental.
PERSONAL MENTION.
an excellent salary in a London music
hall, says the New York World. ¦
The figures attesting the physical su
premacy of the young Goliath, who is
bound to look over the heads of the whole
human race as long as he lives, have
probably never been matched in this age
of the world. .
Bid your imagination travel its liveliest
pace and see if it will reach the concep
tion of a perfectly proportioned human
being who is 8 feet and 2 inches tall, with
a chest measure of 66 inches, a weight of
364 pounds, a hand that requires a -No. 14
glove and who wears a No. 25 shoe — Is
there such number known to the shoe
maker's art?
As a result of appalling dimensions the
young giant, who is amiable enough in
appearance, has led a most peaceful life.
He declares that he has never yet found
any one willing to quarrel with him.
Nevertheless, he has his troubles. One
of them is the attention he attracts. This
unfortunate Gulliver is doomed to be on
exhibition his iife long, to be eternally
stared at by throngs of wondering Lilli
puts, never to be able to take a comfort
able casual stroll unless he finds some
desolate desert or untrodden prairie to do
it in. -
Wherever there are human beings with
eyes there Lewis Wilkins is regarded as a
free show.
Another unfortunate point about being
a giant is the expense. It is the most
costly role there is.
Mr. Wilkins sadly says a man cannot
get through life as a giant without pay
ing more than double for pretty nearly
everything except fresh a'r and soil to
walk on.
The giant's reckoning days with his
tailor ar& a serious matter.
MR. WILKINS CAN "TIP THE SCALES" AGAINST TWO 180-POUND MEN
AND CAN WITH EASE SUPPORT A MAN'S WEIGHT ON HIS OUT
STRETCHED ARM.
Twice as much material, more than
twice as much work, insists the tailor.
And the giant Is forced to pay $75 eaca
for the cheapest suits he has.
Hats boots and gloves have also to DO
made especially for him. The circumfer
ence of his hat where it fits his head 13
twenty-seven Inches. A comforting fea
ture is that it never gets mixed op with,
other people's hats.
The giant's gloves you will be able to
picture when you know that his third fin
ger is IY2 inches in diameter and 4Va inches
in circumference.
The hand It3elf measures five Inches
across the palm and twelve inches from,
the wrist to the tip of the middle finger.
When opened to its utmost his hand win
span thirteen inches. His friends declare
that Mr. Wilkins" handshake Is a formid
able affair.
The giant bar achieved considerable
prowess as an athlete, his skill in this di
rection having shown its practical value
last summer at Atlantic City, when Mr.
¦Wilkins saved a man and a woman from
drowning by wading- in the water up to
his neck and with all his clothes on when
he heard their crle3 for help.
Swimming and riding are his favorlto
sports, while he also improves his physi
cal condition with bag-punching and the
Sandow exerciser used indoors.
His. interests are not exclusively ath
letic. He is an excellent linguist, a
stamp and coin collector and actively In
terested In politics, his affiliations being
Republican.
It is not surprising that the people are not enthu
siastic over the success of the Mayor. as a solicitor
of charity. This city, which is rich and liberal enough
to provide for all of its wants, is set before the coun
try in the position of a beggarly town compelled to
ask aid from outsiders. Under these circumstances
it is gratifying to know that the Mayor was un
authorized to enter upon any such solicitation. The
begging was not done by San Francisco.
The form in which this solicited gift comes to us
is unfamiliar. The people of San Francisco and of
California generally have received many gifts from our
own millionaires, but none of them has been made a
matter of bargain. The noble benefactions of Lick,
Stanford, Wilmerding and others have been free gifts
to the people. In no case has the donor imposed a
tax upon the public to maintain an institution de
signed to perpetuate his memory and to benefit the
community. The full freedom of the gifts made by
the spontaneous liberality of generous men who ac
quired their wealth in California and were identified
with the community is thus in striking contrast with
the conditions imposed upon the comparatively small
sum which Mr. Carnegie has vouchsafed to bestow
in response to the begging of the Mayor. Stanford,
Lick and others gave millions, arid the public was
not ,asked to expend one cent for maintenance of any
institution they founded; but for Mr. Carnegie's $750,
000 we must give sites that will cost many thousands
of dollars, and in addition must provide $75,000 a year
so long as the city stands. /
The gift comes to us, then, not as a spontaneous
act of liberality from a friend, but as a dole conceded
in response to solicitation. Under the circumstances
it is not surprising to learn that it does not come to
us as a free gift. The giver dictates the manner in
which it shall be used and exacts from us more than 1
he give's. We, are to furnish sites for the central li
brary building and for the buildings' for the branch
libraries. We are, furthermore, to expend $75,000 a
year to maintain the. libraries, so that without count
ing the cost of the sites we are within ten years to
furnish for maintenance a sum equal to the whole of
the solicited donation. It will be seen that Mr. Car
negie drives as shrewd a bargain in philanthropy as
pver he did in business. He requires the city to fur
nish him a site on which to erect a monument to his
liberality, and then to support it forever after.
There are many objectionable features in the trans
action. In the first .place, there is something dis
pleasing to every self-respecting citizen in the fact
that the Mayor should have put the city in the atti
tude of a beggar going about begging from outsid
ers money to. supply any of the needs of the com
munity. . Mr. Carnegie is not now nor has ever been
in any way identified with San Francisco. He is a
rich man upon" whom we have no claims, either sen
timental or otherwise. In soliciting money from him
the Mayor was literally begging from strangers. It
was putting San Francisco in the position of one that
seeks chanty and is indifferent from what hand it
comes. ... • -
WHEN first the announcement was made of
the gift of Andrew Carnegie of $750,000 to
San Francisco for . library purposes there
arose many expressions of delight from. the unreflect
ing. The Mayor, who had solicited the gift, showed
a disposition to pose as if he himself were the bene
factor, and. in some circles there was an evident ten
dency to do him honor. Now, however, the public
has had time to consider the gift and its meaning,
and_it is perceived' that the whole affair puts San
Francisco in a false light and goes far to discredit
her. ¦ !
MR. CARNEGIE'S GIFT.
We are no champion of the canteen. It was better
than the system it superseded. But such talk as the
Rev. Mr. Ferguson's will raise up friends for it
rather than, enemies. The time has passed when state
ments made in such a discussion are received as facts
simply because of the cloth of the 'man who makes
them.
This reverend gentleman* also states as a. fact that
army chaplains have been ordered from Washington
to cease reporting about the canteen. Ordered by
whom? Only the President or the Secretary of War
could issue such an order. Which has done it? Army
orders are not secret. They are matters of record.
Can this ordained man produce such an order, or any
one who has seen or received it? His charge is a
serious one. against the President and Secretary.
Does any one believe that either has issued such an
order? If it has not been issued what must be said
of the veracity of Rev. Mr. Ferguson?
Mr. Ferguson has made another discovery which
will be challenged. When, where and to whom did
the deadfall keepers favor the canteen? If they said,
"The soldiers begin their sprees inside and finish them
outside," to whom did they say it?
Now there are several statements that are facts or
falsehoods, which? Did the use of the light beers and
wines furnished in the canteen sicken Shafter's army?
Did that hastily mobilized force have the canteen
along? Did the canteen destroy the most of a British
army, which once died in front of Santiago, failing to
capture it, where Shafter succeeded? What evidence
is there that taking soldiers away from the bad whisky
and worse associates of the deadfall and giving them
a reading-room, library and liquors with only 9 per
cent of alcohol was followed by "murder, suicide and
riot"? The enlisted man must be a singular person
if he is a Christian gentleman on rotten whisky and
a brute on light beer.
Chicago was the first scene of the celebration of
this great victory. Spick and span new deadfalls rose
around Fort Sheridan, and first payday that vicinity
was given over to sodden drunkenness, debauchery
and disorder. The same results have followed the
abolition of the canteen everywhere. The harm done
by the change has been observed and testified to by
thousands.. Enlisted men of the better class and of
ficers have given their testimony, but the reformer is
impervious to facts. Fanaticism has nothing to do
with facts. So that class of. people who go about
doing harm from good motives have set out to kick
the dead canteen.
The Chicago Methodist ministers were addressed
on the subject by Rev.. William P. F. Ferguson. That
reverend gentleman, among other things, said: "The
flood of beer received by Shafter's army was worse
than the scanty rations. The canteen was the cause
of the sickness that broke out in the army before San
tiago. The canteen is like all other saloons in its re
sults. Murder, suicide and riot have followed in its
wake. It has been condemned by army officers and
privates alike. The liquor dealers, however, favor its
presence. They say tbre- soldiers begin their sprees in-,
side and finish them outside. « Chaplains in the army
are afraid to talk against the evil. They have been
ordered from Washington to cease reporting about the
Government saloons. The men wh© have repeatedly
said that in the absence of the canteen drunkenness
has increased and riots have been incited have grossly
slandered the soldiers."
AT the last monthly meeting of the. Methodist
ministers of Chicago the, armjr canteen came
in for special treatment. It is a subject which
some people seem incapable of approaching in ¦[ any
other than a fanatical attitude. Men' and women who
can reason upon other things lose their reason when
they use the vocabulary of . "reform." Enlisted men
in our regular army are not all members of the Band
of Hope nor graduates of the various thedlogical
seminaries. They are the average of all the nation
alities to which we give an asylum. The army can
teen found them the prey of the deadfalls that exist
around every army post, and it gave them light drinks,
a reading-room, books and newspapers, and was the
post club. The army officers testified to the moral
and physical improvement of the men. In the can
teen they had 'access to .the use of light wines and
beer, were excluded from whisky and other distilled
and highly alcoholic liquors, and their appetite for
something of that kind was satisfied without making
them drunk or bringing them into degrading associa
tions. The profits made on the light liquors and
lunches went into a common fund to stock the post
library. To the reasonable but perhaps unregenerate
man this seemed a great advance over the old dead
fall system, which consisted of a mixture of the worst
whisky with the worst vices that tempt men and
transform them into devils. But not so with the re
generate and exalted. To them the old way was pre
ferable, and they smote the canteen until Congress, in
great haste, kicked it out.
PACT, OR FANATICISM?
far our Government has failed in this respect. The
policy is bad. , This Government should promptly
compel respect for the rights of its citizens abroad.
We get no trade by the opposite policy and have none
to lose by letting the other Americas know that our
flag, is over the head of every 'citizen of this republic.
Some firmness arid promptness in this direction will
probably ; take some of the shame .and sting out of
future statistics of our. trade with our southern neigh
bors. ?c'W'> S :
THE SAN FRANCISCO' GALL, TUESDAY, eTULy- 9, JiVOl;
LEWIS WILKINS, AN AMERICAN,
BIGGEST MAN IN THE WORLD
THERE' is glory of a. sort and the
satisfaction of physical superiority,
but also a vast number of inconve
niences, in being the biggest man in
the world.
Just "now this title belongs to a 25-year
old American, Lewis Wilkins of St. Paul,
Minn., whose inches are earning for him
TUESDAY :¦ ...JULY 9, 1901
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Pr0 P riet0^____
Afflresi AU CcnuanaicatloM to W. 8. LEAKE, Manager.
MANAGER'S OFFICE Telephone Press 204
PUUlTcATIO-V OFFICE... Market and. Third, S. F.
Telephone Press 201.
EDtTOKIAt, ROOMS.:... 217 io 221 Stevenson St.
Telephone Press 202.
, * • .
. Oi.cred by Carrlen, 15 Cents Per Weelc
Single Copies, 5 Cents.
Terms by Mall, Including 1'ostaget
DAILT CALL, (including Sunday), one year $8.00
DAILY CALX, (including Sunday). 6 months S.OO
DAILT CALL. (Including: Sunday), J months 1.60
PAILT CALL— By Single Month «5c
RCNDAT CALL. One Tear i- 60
WEEKLY CALL, One Year • 1 - 00
All postmasters are authorised to receive
subscriptions.
Sample copies Trill be forwarded when requested.
Mall subscribers in ordering change of address Bhould be
particular to elve both KEW AND OLD ADDRESS In order
to Insure a prompt and correct compliance with their request.
OAKLAND OFFICE 1118 Broadway
C. GEORGE KROGXESS.
Xts&ger Tntlg* Adrertisicg, K&rqcettt Building, Chictgo.
(Lobs Distance Telephone "Central S61*.") y
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C CARLTOtf. Herald Square
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE :
STEPHEJT B. SMITH ..30 Tribune Building
NEW TORK NEWS STANDS:
- Waldorf -Astoria Hotel; A. Brentano, >1 Union Square;
Murray HIU Hotel. "
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Bherman Hocse; P. O, News Co.; Great Northern Hotel:
Fremont House: Auditorium HoteL
WASHIXGTOX CD. C.) OFFICE. . .1406 G St., X. W>
M0RT0X E. CR AXE, Correspondent.
ORAXCH OFFICES— 527 Montgomery, corner of Clay, open
until S:SO o'clock. 300 Hayes, open until 9:30 o'clock. €33
McAllister, open until 9:30 o'clock. 615 Larkin, open until
. t:SO o'clock. 1941 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 2261 Market,
corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock. ir*6 Valencia, open
until > o'clock. 106 Eleventh, open until 9 o'clock. NW.
comer Twenty-second and Kentucky, open until 9 o'clock.
2200 Fillmore. open until 9 p. m.
Grand.
6
AMUSEMENTS.
Central— "Held by the Enemy."
Tivoli— "Babes In the Wood."
Orpheum— Vaudeville.
Columbia — "Under Two Flaes."
Alcazar— "The School for Scandal.'
Grand Opera-house— "Secret Service."
Olympia, corner Mason and Eddy streets— Specialties.
Chutes, Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
evening.
Fischer's— Vaudeville.
Sutro Bathe— Swimming. -
AUCTION SALES.
By W. M. G. Layng— Thursday, July 11, Horses, at 721
Howard etreeL
10 SUBSCRIBERS LEAYIKG TOWI FOR THE SUMMER.
Call subscribers contemplating a change •!
residence during- the summer months can havtt
their paper forwarded by mall to their urn
svddresees by notifying; The Call Business Office.
.Ykls paper trill also be on sale at all summer
assorts and Is represented by a local asrent la
•U (»w»i mm the coast. 'WASHINGTON, July 8.— The following
postofSces will be discontinued July 15:
California— Stone Hill, Placer County,
mail to Westville; Todd, Placer County,
mall to Forest Hill.
Postmasters appointed: Oregon— L./M.
Thornburg, Grant, Sherman County, vice
M. A. Wilkinson, resigned.
Washington — Frank Weatherwax, Val
ley, Stevens County, vice J. D. Slocum,
removed.
Rural free delivery, established Septem
ber 2, additional — Lodl, San Joaquin Coun
ty, California, two carriers; Silverton,
Marion County, Oregon, two carriers.
These pensions were granted to-day:
California: Original — John L. Bohannon,
Sar. Francisco, $6; Simeon Fawcett, Santa
Rosa, $6; Jesse C. Beck, Pomona, $S. In
crease—Sebastian Merkel, San Francisco,
114; Adolph Bergman, San Francisco, $3;
George A. Armstrong, Fresno, $12; George
A. Purdy, Kaweah, $8; Charles A. Wit
ham, Veterans' Home, Napa, $10; Samuel
McBane, Lorapoc, $12. Original widow,
Mary McCormick, San Francisco, $8.
Oregon:- Original— EH O. Mills, Beaver,
$8; Alexander Ginty, Portland, $6; Alfred
F. Sears, Portland, $12. Increase— Isaac
J. Stacey, Sams Valley, $10. Original wid
ow—Anne R. Titus (mother), University
Park, $12. Increase— Willis G. Hubbard,
Green Lake, $8; Osgood Bullock", Sightly,
$12. War with Spain, original— Chester E.
Huster, Port Blakeley, $8.
Army orders: Captain John H. Whol
ley, Second Infantry, now In San Fran
cisco, will join his company at Fort
Thomas, Ky.
First Lieutenant James A. Shipton, Ar
tillery Company, now at San Francisco,
wih Join his company at Fort Columbus,
n. y. •
End of the Encampment.
SANTA CRUZ. July S.— The California
Veterans* Association broke camp at
Camp .Wallace Reynolds at 10 o'clock thi*
morning:.
Captain Wholley, Stationed at Presi
dio, Ordered to Join His Com
pany at Fort Thomas.
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC SLOPE
The length of life of a tradesman is
two-thJrds that of a farmer, t
Divorce Suits Filed.
Suits for divorce have been filed by Rose
Sparber against Harry Sparber for cru
elty, Minnie M. Thompson against Albert
J. Thompson for failure to provide and
Martha Boyd against Herbert Boyd for
cruelty.
Excursion to Mare Island:
VALLEJO, July S.— The steamer Gen
eral Frisbie will on July 24 bring to Val
lejo and Mare Island an excursion party
of 200 wholesale merchants and business
men of San Francisco. C. W. Edgecumbe
is arranging the San Francisco end of the
affair and the Vallejo Chamber of Com
merce will prepare for the entertainment
of the visitors.
«
Earthquake Jars Santa Ana.
SANTA ANA, July 8.— Santa Ana was
Jarred by a Blight earthquake at 1:45
o'clock this morningr. The vibrations were
from north to south. The people were
awakened from their slumbers, but no
damage was done. r
Poisoned by Spider's Bite.
SAN BERNARDINO, July .8— J. H. Cox
of Terrace was bitten by a poisonous
black spider yesterday. Doctors consid
er his life in peril. ,
SL Helena.
ST. HELENA, July 8.— St. Helena Par
lor No. 53, Native Sons of the Golden
West, has the distinction of having the
youngest president in the order. At its
last meeting "Walter Metzner, ¦who is but
SI years of age, was installed In that of
fice. Mr. Metzner was born near St.
Helena and has lived here all his life.
Pauline Hoffman Divorced.
SEATTLE, July S. — Judge Griffin to-day
practed a divorce to Pauline Hoffman,
the wife of Barney Hoffman, a San Fran
cisco "fence." Hoffman was arrested
with his father-in-law, 'Paznanski, two
yf-ars ago on a charge of receiving stolen
poods. He was sentenced to-serve a term
in the State penitentiary, and on this ac
count the wife was divorced from him.
Directly after his release she remarried
him and lived ¦with him until lately,
when, ehe claims, he mistreated her and
heat her. Her father was her chief wit
ness, swearing that Hoffman treated his
wife cruelly. Judge Griffin granted the
decree and ordered Hoffman to pay $12 50
a week alimony, giving Mrs. Hoffman
custody of her child.
Horse Kills a Uonagenarian.
WATSO>TILLE, July 8.— TV. B. Jfeal,
more than 90 years of age and a pioneer
of Watsonville, was found dead In his
barn early this morning with his neck
broken. He had been kicked to death by
his horse. Xeal was an historical char
acter. He "was on tie pension list as a
veteran in the Mexican War. Until
eighteen years ago he was City Marshal
of Watsonviile, since which time he has
been poundmaster. JCeal was a bachelor
and lived alone in an old cabin on the
outskirts of the town.
Twenty- Year-Old Walter Metzner
President of the Order in
YOtTNGEST NATIVE SON
AT TTFAT) OF A PAKLOB
SEATTLE. July 8.— Within the limits of
Seattle Lawrence Lindsley killed three
bears yesterday. He was riding along an
old road when he came upon an old
bear and two cubs eating salall buds. The
cubs climbed a tree, but the mother dis
appeared in the bush. Lindsley shot the
cubs, and this morning, with a com
panion, again visited the spot. They dis
covered the mother wandering around the
foot of the tree, in a vain endeavor to find
her young. At the first shot she turned
on the hunters, but a second bullet broke
her neck.
Metropolis.
Hunter Finds Big Game in a Suburb
of the Puget Sound
SHOOTS BEAB AND CUBS
WITHIN SEATTLE LIMITS
President, James F. Kelsey; first vice presi
dent, J. W. Kelly; second vice president, Edgar
Apperson; recording secretary, Howard j. Law
lor; financial secretary, George H. Branch;
treasurer, William J. White; marshal, \ Louis
P. Ward; guardian, Daniel Connell; board of
directors— Theodore C. Carr, Edward P. De
vlne S. H. Jenner, Philip Johnson, R. s.
Daly.
President, J. C. Chrlstensen; vice president,
H. Skinner: recording secretary, J. E. Riordan;
flnancial secretary, J. C. Williams, treasurer,
Ed Jones; sergeant at arms, Thomas Cum
mings, outside eentinel and janitor, Michael
Dalton; board of trustees — James Jordan, J
"W. Sulivan, Charles Devlin, Ed Skelly, A. H.
Corliss, George A. Hansen, Thomas Murphy;
business agent. J. C. Williams.
The Union Printers' Mutual Aid Society
has elected the following officers:
The Longshore Lumbermen's Protective^
Association, Local No. 224, elected the
following officers:
The Federation of Improvement Clubs
will meet to-night at Saratoga Hall to
discuss the strike question. It is expected
that a delegation from the Mdnicipal
League will be present and exploit the
views of that organization as to the best
methods of settling the labor contro
versy. A number of extraneous matters
will also be discussed.
Considerable activity is being manifest
ed in Oakland. Secretary Wisler and
Fourth Vice President Wilson of the
American Federation of Labor were over
there last night, and discussed the situa
tion with the executive members of the
local unions. Oakland is the only city on
the coast likely to be affected by the
strike of the steel workers. The condi
tions there are considerably different
from those obtaining in the East, it being
more a matter of personal arrangement,
based on annual contracts, than of union
ism.
Oakland* May Be Strike Center.
Encouraging reports of the
of the ironworkers' strike were received
yesterday at the headquarters of the Iron
Trades Council and at the office of Sec
ertary Wisler, of the local Machinists'
Union. These were embraced in dis
patches from the Hast, sanctioned by
President O'Connell, and which read as
follows:
. WASHINGTON, July 8.— James O'Connell:
On Friday and Saturday last we made settle
ments with the Goss Printing Press Company
of Chicago, employing 250 machinists, the com
pany granting the nine-hour day with 10 per
cent increase in wages. The Potter Printing
Prefs Company of Plalnfleld, N. J., settled on
Saturday, affecting 200 men, on the same basis.
The Buffalo Forge Company signed the regular
agreement, nine hours and 10 per cent increase,
with all other clauses added. Samuel X±.
Wood & Co. of Elizabeth, N. J., made a set
tlement yesterday with the nine-hour day and
j 10 per cent Increase, establishing a 25-cent
minimum rate and affecting 150 machinists.
The Scott Printing Press Company of Plain
: field, N. J. . and the J. I«. Moore '"Engineering
Company of Elizabeth, N. J., accepted the
minimum rate. The Case Engineering Com
pany of Mattoon, 111., settled on Friday, grant
ing nine hours with increase of wages, affecting
sixty men. The .National Caah Register Com
pany of Dayton, O., signed the agreement
Monday, with Increase of wages and a strict
ly union shop, affecting 1800 people, 200 machin
ists being among the number. The officials of
this company, who have been in conference
with us, for several days, made a settlement,
accepted by the men, which includes the nine
hour day, wages adjusted agreeably to our
members, and no. machinist is to receive less
for the minimum scale for nine hours than
he formerly received for ten hours. The shop
is to be a strictly union shop. This is
considered a great victory, as the National
Cash Register Company is a member of the
National Metal Trades Association, and was
also a leader of the Manufacturers' Association
of Dayton. The Gould Pump Company, Seneca
Falls. N. T.. has granted the nine-hour day
and the Increase of wages, and the reinstate
ment of all men.
"While reports received from the East
ern centers of the ironworkers' strike in
i dicate a change in the situation, the local
situation remains practically unchanged.
It is admitted at the various headquarters
that although the men have been out for
seven weeks no appreciable gain has been
made. In other words, the facts indi
cate that at least one of the leading shops
has secured a number of men,' but what
their ability to handle the work may be
is a mooted 'question. In this particular
shop work is going ahead on a small
scale, about one-quarter of the men previ
ously engaged being now employed.
Good Reports foX Machinists.
Local Union No. 14-S of the Journeymen
Barbers has put on war paint against a
Fourth-stre.et barber, who has cut the
price of shaving from fifteen to ten cents.
The executive committee of the union has
the matter In hand, and will decide early
to-day what disciplinary measures to pur
sue. At the meeting last night a strong
determination was expressed to maintain
the rates at present in force, and resist
any attempt to reduce them. The mem
bers of the union are determined to give
the people good work, and only ask, they
say, fair. pay for their work.
The Retail Grocery Clerks' Association
met at B'nai B'rith Hall and had a most
enthusiastic session. Efforts are being
made toward a>n early closing movement,
and the wish of the retail clerks in this
direction was heartily indorsed. A, large
number of applications was received and
favorably decided upon.
A proposition emanating from the Re
tail Drug Clerks' Association, circulated
among the various labor unions and or
ganizations of the city, is meeting
hearty encouragemsnt. Union after union
is indorsing the plan, and the retail drug
store proprietors are heartily in accord.
Drug clerks ask that customers make their
purchases before 9 p.m. Some other small
details as to hours, covering. the down
town stores that remain open all night,
are involved. But as there is a universal
feeling both on the part of the? proprietors
and the clerks as to shortening of hours,
an agreement may soon be reached.
Judge Angellotti issued a citation direct
ing John Biter and his wife to appear be
fore him next Monday at 2 o'clock and
show cause why the children should not
be taken from their custody. They are
further directed to bring the seventeen lit
tle ones Into court on that day.>
Mrs. Lydia A. Prescott, secretary of the
Children s Protective Association, was
here to-day and said that the action taken
by Mr. White was unjustified; that many
of the children who were with the Biters
were sent by her society and were well
cared for. She seemed to believe that it
was jealousy that prompted the action of
the other society. The children range
from 1 year to 8 years of age.
The harrowing story as told In the
papers filed to-day loses nothing of its
brutality when the petition further states
that an insane brother of John Biter is
allowed to mingle with the children, and
even occupy the same hut. The petition
declares that unless some one intervene
all of the children are liable to die from
exposure and neglect.
In the petition it I* alleged that the lit
tle ones are in the custody of John Biter
and his wife Catherine, that they are the
victims of extreme neglect and that their
health and lives are in peril. It is further
alleged that the children, are compelled to
sleep in a dilapidated and decrepit shack,
the ceiling of which is only five feet high,
the shanty proper being only nine by six
teen feet in dimensions. Great cracks
and knotholes allow the night winds to
blow killing draughts over the little ones
as they try to sleep in the hovel.
SAN RAFAEL,, July 8.— Steps were
taken to-day by Secretary M. J. White of
the San Francisco Society for the Preven
tion of Cruelty to Children to rescue the
seventeen children now held by John
Biter and his wife at their baby, farm near
Sausallto. Purcell Rowe, attorney for the
society, applied to Superior Judge Ajigel
lotti for letters of guardianship for eleven
boys and six girls. The true names being
unknown, the children were given ficti
tious ones.
Petition Results in Cita
tion of John Biter
and Wife.
TELLS OF BABY
FARM'S HORRORS
Each of these mills has been blown up
before, and in the corning mill J. Steiner
and C. Larsen met death only a short
time ago. The mills are situated in a red
wood forest, and it was soon ablaze.
Within a short time a .forest fire was mak
ing its way up the mountain. The powder
works were closed and all of the em
ployes began fighting the conflagration.
In an hour they had it under control.
•William Darling, who was killed to-day,
has been employed at the works for about
forty years. After an absence of several
years he returned »a year ago to resume
his old position. He is survived by a
widow and family. Darling was a native
of Massachusetts and was <54 years of age.
His brother is Rev. C. H. Darling, a lead
ing Methodist minister.
The first building destroyed was the
corning milL It was here that Darling
was employed. The report was terrific,
as thirty barrels of powder exploded. The
mill was a three-sided affair, the walls of
concrete and the roof of galvanized ij»n.
The roof wes lifted and scattered over the
works, and of the building hardly a stick
of wood was left. The heavy machinery
was twisted and broken and was thrown
against the concrete walls. It will take
several thousand dollars to replace this
machinery.
Darling was hurled about seventy-five
feet ana was thrown against the bank.
He was scarcely recognizable, as he was
so badly burned and mangled.
The wheel mills are within 400 feet .of
the corning mill and the explosion there
was caused by the concussion. These
mills are similarly built and are three
sided. They were completely wrecked.
Joseph Maynard is foreman of them. He
was just leaving" No. 6 and ¦was badly
shaken, bruised and cut, but not seriously
injured. He was thrown quite a distance.
In each of these mills there were about
two ard a half barrel^ of powder. John
Geyer, George Robinson ana John Farrell
are employed in them, but luckily they
were some distance from the mills at the
time of the explosions. X
SANTA CRUZ, July 8.— "William R.
Darling lost his life and Joseph Maynard
was badly injured in a series of explosions
at the California Powder Works near this
city this morning. The first explosion.oc
curred in the corning mill, in which
Darling was employed, and the concussion,
caused the blowing up of two other mills
nearly 400 yards away. Several other efn
ployes of the works received injuries, but
escaped serious harm.
The mills that went up were the corning
mill and what are known as the number 6
and number 7 single-wheel mills, where
the black sporting powder is manufac
tured. As has been the case in every ex
plosion at these works, the cause will
never be known.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Three Explosions Occur at
the California Company's
Works.
One Man Killed and Sev
eral| Injured Near '
Santa Cruz.
POWDER MILLS
ARE BLOWN UP
Reports From Eastern Iron
Marts Very Pleasing to
Machinists. -
Drug Clerks Take Action
Which Is Heartily
Indorsed.
SHORTER WORK
DAY IS WANTED
It is said that criminal proceedings will
be instituted against Vetter at an early
date, and that the father of his victim
will supply funds for the prosecution. Ac
cording to the statements of the railroad
employes, the conductor acted in self-de
fense, and as the friends of the dead man
have disappeared it is doubtful if a con
viction will ever be bad.
The comrades of Trezise had aided him
in the light, but the head brakeman and
several others of the train crew by an in
discriminate use of clubs caused them to
beat a hasty retreat. Vetter is a man
weighing about 115 pounds, while his ad
versary tipped the scales at the 290-pound
mark.
The wounded man was soon placed on.
the westbound overland and taken to Los
Angeles for medical treatment- At first
he was not believed to be seriously
wounded and the train crew proceeded on
its way to 1 uma.
SAN BERJCAREIXO, July 8.— "William
Trezise, the tramp who was shot in the
head en June 30 by Conductor Frank Vet
ter near Ogllby, a station on the Southern
Pacific between Indio and Yuma, and who
died two days later at the Sisters' Hospi
tal in Los Angeles, proves to have been
the son of a capitalist in Salt Lake City.
At the time of the shooting a comrade of
the "wounded man, in speaking of him to
a. member of the freight crew, said that
"his old man was fixed proper In Salt
Lake and had all kinds of money," but
no attention was paid to the assertion. At
the hospital an attendant gave the In
formation tiiat the dying man had once
referred to a relative in the Utah capital.
After Trezist's death an investigation was
made by the undertaker. The body of the
unfortunate man was about to be interred
at the expense of Los Angeles County
when orders reached there to hold it until
further notice.
The dead tramp is said to have been a
member of one of the best known and
most influential families in Salt Lake
City. He was about 30 years of age and
apparently possessed of a good education,
though he preferred the lite of a tramp.
Young Trezise met death because of his
determination to steal a ride on an east
bound freight train. In company- with
live other tramps he boarded the train at
a poir.t east of indio in an effort to reach
Yuma. Their ultimate destination was
Kew Orleans. Conductor Vetter ordered
them to get off and they reluctantly
obeyed. When the train started up the
tramps again got aboard.
Three limes they were put cff. The last
time Vetter came upon Trezise in an
eiapty car. When ordered out of the car
Trezise drew a knife and a fight ensued.
Tlie conductor used the butt end of his
revolver on Trezise, but in so doing the
weapon was accidentally discharged. The
buliet entered Trezise's head, back of the
!eft ear.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Salt Lake Capitalist Will
Supply Funds to Prose
cute the Trainman.
Tramp Killed by the
Conductor a. Rich
Man's Son.
VETTER'S VICTIM
GENTLY REARED
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, .JTJLX 9, 1901.
7
CAMP REVERIE,
IN THE
RUSSIAN RIVER REDWOODS,
NOWJ)PEN.
Camp Reverie on the Guerneville branch of
I the California Northwestern Railway is practi-
cally a hotel under canvas.
Table board by the week. $6 BO. Furnished
tents— differentTSizes— everything new— charges
reasonable. Railroad fare from San Francisco,
round trip. $2 50. Take boat at Tiburon Ferry.
Call or address Camp Reverie Association,
Room 81, Flood Building, San Francisco, for
particulars and booklets; or write Camp Reverie
Association. P.- O. Forestville, Sonoma Co.,
Cal. Booklets may also be had at the ticket
offices of the California Northwestern Railway.
SANTA CATALINA ISLAND.
8% Hours' Ride From Los Angeles, CaL
GREATEST ATTRACTIONS IN THE WEST.
Third Annual Rod and Reel Fishing Tour-
nament, auspices the "Tuna Club."
Eighth Season of our Famous Marine Band.
The Society Resort.
The Sportsman's Paradise.
HOTEC METROPOLE and COUNTRT CLUB
always open. Golf and Tennis Tournaments.
IDEAL CAMP LIFE.
For full information, hotel rates, unique ar-
rangements for camping and Illustrated pam-
phlets, apply to <
E. C. PECK. Agent. :
10 Montgomery et., San Francisco.
. Or BANNING CO.,
222 South Spring st.. Los Angeles. Cal.
Delightful Surroundings and WITTTD
Excellent Accommodations at u 1 1 I CIA
MEDICAL SPRINGS
LAKE COUNTT. CAL.
Certain cure for Stomach, Liver, Kidney,
Bladder. Skin and Blood Diseases. ¦
Recommended by Leading Physiciana. .Thou-
sands Cured.
Tickets, California and Northwestern Rail-
road. Stage from Ukiah.
RODNET McCORMICK, General Manager.
Call or address,
WITTER MEDICAL SPRINGS CQMPANT.
Upper Lake P. O., Lake County, Cal.
Main Office & "Water Depot. 916 Market. r..64.
Af/fl/IAlA HOT SPRINGS. SONOMA
V#T /l/wV.V Co.; only 4% hours from
Gl\ri %JsJ%J San Francisco; but 9 miles
staging; waters noted for
medicinal virtues; be3t natural bath in State;
good trout streams; telephone, telegraph, , daily
mall and express; first-class hotel and stage
service; morning and afternoon stages; round
trip from S. F. only $5 50. Take Tiburon ferry
at 7:20 a. m- or 3:30 p. m. Terms. $2 a day or
$12 a week. References— Any guest of the past
six years. Further information at Traveler of-
fice, 20 Montgomery st., or of J. F. MUL-
GREW. Skaggs. Cal.
filLROY
HOT SPRINGS.
Trains leave Third and Townsend streets at
Sam. and 2:45 p. m. daily. For rates and
illustrated pamphlets address P. ROBERT-
SON, Prop.
¦ ; 1 "
OWN A HOME in ti b f e u a l u - CAMP MEEKES
Buy lots $10 up: cottages built by Meeker, $30
up; boating, bathing, tenting ground free; saw-
mill, depot, store, postofflce at camp; board
and lodging $6; take Sausalito ferry, $3 round
trip. Address M. C. MEEKER,, or- H. M.
GREGSOK, Camp Meeker. Sonoma County.
qkyrBifffotfpnggy
4fE3r Three trains daily; 2% hours' ride. A
Bet tens, Mgr.. Byron Hot Spgs., Cal.
Lombard & Co., 36 Geary street. City.
BEN LOMOND.
Park House In the Santa Cruz mountains; 5
minutes from station; fine scenery; fishing,
hunting, fine drives, free carriage meets all
trains. MRS. I. N. HATES.
HUNTING AND FISHING G*LORE.
Parties wishing to go on a hunting and fish-
ing expedition in the Coast Range, where deer
and bears are ¦, plentiful, and trout-flshing Is
elegant, may find their way out by writing to
G. A. EATON, Lowrey, Tehama County.
JOHArVJlVISBE Rd.,
First-class family resort In the Napa red-
woods.. Exhilarating, air, hunting, fishing,
swimming and boating. Terms reasonable. In-
quire* THEO. BLANCKENBURG JR., Prop..
Oakville. Napa Co., or The Traveler's Bureau,
20 Montgomery at *
THE GEYSERS, fsS^
ONE OF NATURE'S WONDERS. NATTT-
ral steam baths; swimming, fishing, hunt-
ing and livery. Write for pamphlet. I.
WERTHEIMER, manager. '">>..¦!
IT IS NEVER TOO LATE TO ENJOT GOOD
HEALTH AND PLEASURE AT THE COZT
SARATOGA SPRINGS.
S. MARTENS, Prop.. Baphelor P. O., Lake Co.
INDEPENDENCE LAKE.
Fishltjg; boats; excellent table; climate per-
fect: 16 mllea from Truckee, in an unbroken
forest. Further Information Traveler office, 20
Montgomery, or MRS. H. M. CLEMONS,
Truckee, Cal. . , •>
VICHY SPRINGS.
The only place in the United States where
"Vichy Water is abundant. The only natural
Electric Waters:,/ Champagne Baths; Springs
Numerous; Baths Unequaled. Three miles from
Ukiah. J. A. REDEMETER & CO.,
• Proprietors.
Forrest auJheaith | N THE SIERRAS
near Coif ax on O. P. R. R. Elevation just right —
240O ft.— 136 miles from San Fr. No staging; good
table; finest scenery, water, air, fruit and climate.
Ideal forests and grounds $8.00 a week.- Send for
booklet. Orchard Springs, Colfax, CaL
BELLBVUE HOTEL.
' P." O.. EL VERANO, Cal., Verano Station
(King's Crossing), on California Northwestern
Railway. Hot mineral baths near by. Terms,
$1 per day and upward. PETER GOUILHAR-
DOU, lessee. . \ ¦ : '
MOUNTAIN HOME.
In Santa : Cruz Mountains. Health, pleasure,
fishing, hunting ..-¦ and swimming ; good * table :
guests at home; never fail to return; send for
souvenir. VIC PONCELET, Llagas.
TOLL HOUSE..
PLEASANT ACCOMMODATIONS FOR A
few guests; mountain scenery; pure air. $8
per week. H.B. LAWLET, Callstoga, Cal.
HO! FOR THE GEYSERS.
¦ Via C. C. Foss' Stage Line from Callstoga.
The scenic route. Livery . in connection. C C
FOSS. Proprietor, Callstoga, Cal. .
i^HOTEL BENVENUE. \
' On the shore ¦ of Clear. Lake; home cooking;
$7 per ¦* week " and upward. F. k and A, M.
SCALES, Lakeport, Lake County, CaL
Vendome
Central California
San Jose is the central city of California, and
Hotel Vendome is its most attractive feature.
Adjacent to Lick Observatory. New Almaden
Quicksilver Mine, Alum Rock Park and count-
less other attractions, reached over perfect
roads. Hotel thoroughly modern and first class
In every respect, with service unsurpassed.
Rates reasonable. For further Information call
at "Traveler" office, 20 Montgomery street.
Ban Francisco, or address
GEO. P. SNELL, Mgr.. San Jose. Cal.
HIGHLAND
Only Three Hours" Staging
To the prettiest, healthiest, most restful placa
In all California. Resident physician. Every
comfort and amusement. Rateu— $10. J1J. $14.
$15 and $16 per week. Call on LEE D. CRAIO.
316 Montgomery St.. and Bee photographs of
hotel and surroundings. "We take pleasure In
writing full particulars. Address CBAIO &
WARNER. _^__
...NAPA... Hapa County,
SODA SPRINGS Cal -
THE MOST BEAUTIFUL, OF ALT,
health resorts.
Rates $10 to $15 per week. Two trains daily,
foot of Market street, 7 a. m. and 4 p. m.
For further information address
A. DOLLMANN. Proprietor.
r p HE SEASIDE RESORT OB* CENTRAL
* California, on Monterey Bay. Now open.
Free booklet. R. M. BRIARE, manager hotel;
FRANK REANIER, supt. camp, Capitola, Cal.
YOSEMITE VALLEY,
BIG OAK FLAT AND TOSEMITE STAGE
CO.— Running directly through the Tuolumne
Big Tree Grove. Round trip from San Fran-
cisco $32. Round trip from Stockton $27.
Staging 2% hours first afternoon and 9 hours
next day, arriving at Tosemite Valley S r>. m.
Bend- for illustrated folder. WM. J. WHITE.
Gen'l Agent, 630 Market St., opposite Palace
Hotel. S. F.: tel. Black 3671.
DR. C C O'DONINELL'S
MINERAL SPRINGS AT GLEN ELLEN,
the best camping, picnic and pleasure re-
sort on the Coast. The greatest remedy for
lung disease, liver and stomach complaints,
rheumatism and catarrh In the world; 45
miles from S. F. The S. P. R. R. and S. F.
& N. P. R. R. give special rates to campers;
50 cottages and tents furnished; rent cheap;
no fogs nor poison oak at the park; mineral
water boats and batHins free. Inquire of DR.
C C O'DONNELL. office 1021% Market, bet.
6th and 7th. S. F. If you want your health,
pleasure and longevity this is the place to go.
Healthiest and best climate, prettiest place
In all California; lots amusements; fine walks;
all mineral waters. Rates, $10 and $12 per
week. Open May 13. Circulars at city office.
918 Larkin St., S. F. DRURT- & KROEGER.
WILBUR HOT SULPHUR SPRING*.
Sulphur Creek, Colusa Co., Cal., 26 miles by
stage west of Williams; fare $2. Hottest and
strongest water on the Coast; temperature ' 143
deg. Cures rheumatism, dropsy, salt rheum,
skin diseases, neuralgia, liver and kidney com-
plaints, paralysis, mercury in system, dyspep-
sia, catarrh. Natural mud baths. New 2-story
hotel; fine new bathhouse. Board and lodging,
including baths, $10 a week. WM. OELGEART.
Proprietor.
CALIFORNIA HOT SPRINGS
Hot Springs, but not a sanitarium.
Formerly Agua Callente Springs. Sonorr a
Valley. No staging; 46 miles via C. N. Ry. or
8. P. R. R. Immense swimming tank. Splen-
did table. Come Sundays, try it Round trip.
$110. Telephone: expensive Improvements; J13
and $14. COOPER & SHEDDEN, Arua Ca-
Uente. Cal. . -
. POINT ARENA HOT SPRINGS.
Greatly improved. New cottages, large hall,
pianos, billiard, pool and other games; every-
thing new; $7 per week. Round trip by stmr.
Point Arena. $7. Inquire at Beadle Bros.', 34
Mission, and N. P. R. R. Co.. 14 Sansome
st., or of DR. W. A. McCORNACK. Point
Arena, Cal.
KLAMATH HOT SPRINGS.
Finest fishing, hunting and health resort on
the coast. Climate perfect. On Klamath River.
Rates, $2 and $2 60 per day; $10 to $14 per week.
Call Traveler Office. 20 Montgomery St.. or
address EDSON BROS., Beswick. Siskiyou
County. Cal.
SOLID COMFORT HOME gEST^o. fK
altitude. No fog; climate delightful. Large
orchard, vegetable garden. ¦ Hot, cold baths.
Spring water. Rates, $7 week up. Stage meets
train. SCHULER & SCHEBEN. Napa, Cal.
CAMP CURRY
Makes it possible for you to spend 'a week or a
month in Yosemite without exhausting all your
resources. Rates. $12 per week; $45 per month.
•Office, 630 Market street.
YOSEMITE i I ?
W1I I ft W " D A Vfll Former proprietor W.
fflLLUW ttAftUl Crandell— A summer homa
1 in the redwoods, 5 miles from Santa Crua;'
running water, swimming, croquet, abundanca
of fruit, home cooking: table speaks for itself.
For particulars. TULET & ILIFF, Santa Cm*.
WHITE SULPHUR SPRINGS.
m hours' ride from S. F.; 5 miles from Val-
lejo. Sulphur baths; cure rheumatism, neural-
gia, eczema, kidney, , liver, stomach diseases.
Hotel and Cottages renovated. Lake for boating
and bathing. Dancing Pavilion. $3 to $10 a week.
Special rates families. M. MADRID. Vallejo. Cal.
&SO.OO
Or less will cover all expenses of a 10 days'
trip to Toeemite. Curry's Office, 630 Market
street. S. F. • '
YOSEMITE.'! '
BOULDER CREEK HOTEL.
' Under new management. . Entirely renovated.
First-class - family resort. Fine hunting and
fishing. Sulphur springs. For terms and par-
ticulars address P. J. WELCH, Prop., Boulder
Creek. Cal. ' -.* .
TAMP TAVT fll> CottageB, camping, flehlng;
CAlUr 1AILUK .29 miiea from S. F.; in tho
redwoods. Call v Traveler office, 20 Montgomery
etreet, or address H. Q. MARTIN. Proprietor.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Soap in stick form; con-
venience and economy, in
shaving.
It is the best and cheap-
est shaving soap in all the
world.
, An sorts of people use Pears* soap, all sorts
of stores sell it . csnecialiv rtmtrtrir.ts.
HOTEL*
Visitors to San Prondsco who mako
their hoadauarters at these hotels en-
Joy and conveniences not to
b« obtained elsewhere. Desirable loca.
, tion, courteous attaches and unequaled
cuisine. Ameirtcan and European plans.
••GRAND
ADVERT! SFiWFVwra
Fels-Naptha soap beats every^
thing — nobody , wants any
other.
Your grocer returns your
money if you don't like It."
Fels & Co., makers, Philadelphia.
If you want to
know where to
go this Summer
Call* or write for
"VACATION 1901"
.This is a little book Just Issued by the Cali-
fornia Northwestern Railway Company, and la
profusely Illustrated. It elves camping loca-
tions, botsls and mineral spring resorts la
Marin, Sonoma, Mendocino and Lake counties.
Besides, It contains a list cf about 200 farms
and homes where board during the summer
months can be procured at from $3 to $10 psr
week. Ticket offices, £50 Market street (Chron-
icle building) and Tiburon Ferry. General of-
fice. Mutual Life building. Sansome and Cali-
fornia streets, San Francisco. K. X. RYAN.
General Passenger Agent. H. C "WHITING.
General Manager.
*
For the complexion. Indispensable for th»
Mountains and Sea Shore. Prevents and re-
moves tan, sunburn and Infection from Poison
Oak. Indorsed by the medical profession. At
all drutrgists.
RUBICON PARK,
A delightful summer resort on the shore of
Lake Tahoe. Kverythlng new. Best beach for
bathlns on the lake. Fishing and huntlnsr.
Boats, flshlnsr tackle and saddle horses at mod-
erate hire; $2 per day. or J10. $12 and $14 per
week. Postofflce, telephone. A. L. FROST,
Rubicon Park, Lake Tahoe, Cal.
WHITE SULPHUR SPRINGS.
Two miles from St. Helena. Board and room.
$7 a week: camping privileges. $1 50 per week.
Address W. W. McCORMICK. St. Helena.
B0ARD.FRD1T FAR}It£: esb fre c e 0WS 'dr£?n£
Terms, $6; fare 80c. Box 64, Redwood City.
LAKEPORT AND BARTLETT SPRINGS
STAGE LINE.— Hopland to Barlett Springs.
I Via Lakeport. carrying passengers for Lake-
i port and Bartlett Springs. Stages connect
I with trains at Hopland. Leave Hopland at
'" 12:30: arrive at Lakeport at 3:30; arrive at
Bartlett Springs at 7:30. New 6-horse 14-pas-
eenger tourist wagons, made to order for this
stage line, with all the most modern improve-
ments. Passengers for Lakeport or Bartlett
Springs call for tickets by Bartlett Springs
Stage Line.
MILLER ft HOWARD. Proprietors.
LAKE COUNTY. — New 19-passenger Yosemite
Stage, all outside seats. Leaves Callstoga
dally (Sundays excepted) at 11:30 a. m., direct
to Harbin, Selgler, Adams. Howard. Ander-
son. Astorgs and Glenbrook: buy round-trio
tickets; half an hour for lunch at Callstoga:
also to Middletown. Lower Lake, Kelseyvtll*
and Lakeport. WM. SPIERS. Proprietor.
THE LAUREL, Los Gatos— First-class family
boarding-house: home cooking: beautiful
surroundings; 5 minutes* walk to town. Terms.
$8 to $10 a week. Piano. References. MRS. J.
McKENZIE and MISS A. HAMILTON. Props.
ieeeTcall
o/ It Publishes the Cream of tlM
jD News or the Week and
3 MANY ATTRACTIVE AiND
cJ ORIGINAL FEATURES.
<=>< IT IS THE BEST WEEKLY
©/ PAPER ON TttS
~J ? ". PACIFIC COAST
j TftaBest \ /Mining
°j ?r/legraphic \y^ News That
=\ jervice on /\. Is Accurate
ex The Coast / \&uptodatt>
ex Not a Line of it Sensational
©/ or Faky, and Not a Line of \
gj it Dry or Uninteresting.
Of Bright, Clean, A Cbampioa «t
1 Thoughtful. Truth.
3 A CALIFORNIA NEWSPAPEI
~J ALL THE TIML
Z) IT ADVOCATES | SENT BT
n H <> ME MAIL, *l
O{ INDUSTRIES '1 AYL4B.
Enlarged to 16 Pages
DR. GROSSMAN'S SPECIFIC MIXTURE.
For • tho cure of GONORRHEA. ' GLJSIBTEI.
STRICTURES and analogous complaints of ttus
Organs of Generation. BUMM|
Price fl a. bottle, Tor gale by druggists j.
. ADVEBTISEMENTS.
$k\ CARTERS '
Positively cured by these
Little Pills.
They also relieve distress from Dys-
pepsia, Indigestion and Too Hearty
Eating. A perfect remedy for Dizzi-
ness, Nausea, Drowsiness, Bad Taste
in the Mouth, Coated Tongue, Pain in
the Side, TORPID LIVER, j They
Regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
Small Pill. Small Dose.
Small Price.
d visit DR. JORDAN'S great 6
SeausEUH of • anatomy)
A Cjfo 1051MAESSSST.t0t.6thi7ti,5.r.Cal. £
\ t3r The Larcest Anatomical Museum in the \
0 m3&*».* World - Weaknesses or any contracted A
V (32 jggq disease positively enrndi t>y the oldeit X
® fl*£ til s P eclalibt on the Coast Est. 36 years. ©
A 0&W?l> ER. JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN A
\ 9 flSsJS&B Consultation free and strictly private. \
A n p»?*r H Treatment personally or by letter. A A
T fl nr IS M Potitive Cure in every case undertaken, T
O r I IS W* Write for Book > PHILOSOPHY of A
V 9 IS \\~* aSAnSEAGE, MAILED FREE. {AT
T I»«. JORDAN & CO., 1051 Market St., 8. F. r
AMTJSKMENTS.
I LAST'.WdbK BUT 0N£! '
THE MIGHTY MELODRAMA!
Every Evening Except- T T TIT "T\ T| T^
Ing Sundays, Mati- 1 I 11 1 | , B
nees Saturdays Only. I I 111 i B i-l K
COLOSSAL
PRODUCTION.
By Arrangement with *y T3
DAVID BELASCO, _^tfrf^
Paul M. Potter's cSfSJlf
5- Act Drama on . arming
Ouida's Famous Novel. TIT 1 f>& Pi
Over ICO People, B * g ft § 1 I 1
Including III II I V
BLANCHE BATES P Lb/iITIJ
as "CIGARETTE." *¦ *J*AW K/
SOUVENIR MATINEE
NEXT SATURDAY!
Interesting- Personal Souvenirs of Miss Bates
PREbENTbD TO ENTIRE AUDiE/.CE!
ftYH I AT R £?AP
AX.L THIS WEEK.
FLORENCE ROBERTS
FIRST TIME AS LADY TEAZLE, Supported
by White Whittleoey, In
THE dbhOOL
In Preparation— "THE COUNTRY GIRL."
Seats on Sale Six Days in Advance.
ONLY MATINEE SATURDAY.
VAUDEVILLE AT ITS BEST!
ABKAS AND ALICE, GILBEBT
AND GOLDIE, IEVING JONES,
CLAYTON WHITE AND MABIE
STUART; PROSPER. TROUPE,
BIMM, BOMM, BEEB; LA
MOYNE BROTHERS, THE BIO-
GSAPH, -EMILY LYTTON, CHAS.
BOWSER AND COMPANY.
Reserved seats, 25c; balcony, 10c; opera chairs
and bcx seats, 50c.
. Matinees Wednesday, Saturday and Sunday. ,
Evenings at 8. Matinee Saturday- at 2.
"THE JOLLIEST KIDS IN TOWN, AND
5 CROWDS ARE FLOCKING TO
SEE THEM."
THE BABES
tlTe WOOD.
Book by Ferris Hartman. •
SONGS AND JOKES FOR THE MILLION!
Popular Prices........ 25c and 50c
. Telephone— Bush 9. •
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
All this week— The T. Daniel Frawley Co. In
William Gillette's Famous War Drama,
The Greatest American Play Ever Written.
A wonderful cast, Including T. Daniel Fraw-
ley, Mary Van Buren, E. J. Morgan and Theo-
dore Roberts. .
Same Prices 10c. 15c, 25c,' 50c, 75c
Gocd Orchestra Seats All Matinees, 25c.
Branch Ticket Office Emporium.
Next Week— "THE WHITE HEATHER." -
BEMSCO *»* THAU'S^jflUP
• fcm a • *^ unsw cm mau
TO-NIGHT. ALL THIS WEEK.
MATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Second "Week— Engagement of
JAMES M. BROPH Y.
Elaborate production of William Gillette" a
. Great War Drama,
HELD by the ENEMY
A story of Love Amid the Shot and Shell of
Battle. , ;-r
A SUPERB CAST.
ppif EC Evenings. .10c, 15c, 25c, 35c, BOo
I fllVE3 Matinees :.............10c, 15c, 25o
Next Week— "MICHAEL STROGOFF.'?
FISCHFR'S concert house.
riOUOIin *-> Admission lOc.
CHARITY, MARTIN, SIG. G. S. WANRELI/
Oliver Carson, Al Hazard, Viola • Vignette,'
Wren and Lynton, Kelcey Sisters, Wilson and
Black.
Reserved Seats, 25c. Matinee Sunday. -
SUTRO BATHS.
OPENNIGHTS.
Open Daily < From 7 a. m. to 11" p. m.
¦•>¦¦ Bathing From 7 a, m. to 10:30 p. m;
ADMISSION, 10c. CHILDREN, 5o. v
Bathing, Including admission, 25c. Children, 20c,actual present conditions in Germany bear
Ftriking testimony to this economic law. The
Seventh National Bank episode has undoubt
edly induced a general overhauling of collateral
by the banks of the Wall street district. Not
m. little liquidation has been immediately In
duced as a result. In the etock market there
have been large cpeculatlve ° holdings which
NEW YORK. July 8.— The action of prices
In to-day* ¦ etock market made It evident that
very large financial Interests were conducting
some notable operations. The effort was made
to have it appear that some occult maneuver
was going on. designed to inveigle the public
Into parting with their stocks at declining
prices for the benefit of the large financial
interests, who seemed to be themselves sell
ing stocks with great Industry. The final ac
tion of the market left little room to doubt
that urgent liquidation was being effected
Great caution must be exercised to Judge cor
rectly how far the liquidation was influenced
by the immediate developments of the day and
how far by a reneral sense of disquiet and
distrust which has been Graining force In the
market for several weeks past. The episode of
the Seventh National Bank failure and of the
bank failures in Buffalo have become suffi
ciently clear to indicate that they are not of
prime Importance In the immediate losses In
volved or In the Immediate collateral effects
but as a possible symptom of general condi
tions they have received serious attention. The
accumulation of doubtful securities has al
ways proved a consequence of a period of in-
Auetrlal expansion, bu&inees prosperity and the
general credit which is thereby caused. The
¦New York, Stock Market.
Ft W ¦ & D C lsts.106% Wabash lsts ......118
Gen Elec 5s 200 Wabash 2ds 112
Iowa Cent lsts.... 116^4 West Shore 4s ....112H
L & Nash uni 4s. .101% WIs Cent lsts .... 67ft
M K .& T 2ds 86% Va Centuries ...... 34
do 4s OiHi
MINING STOCKS. *
Adams Con 15 Little Chief ...... 13
Alice 40 Ontario 9 00
greece 1 50 Ophir ..'. SO
Brunswick Con ... 12 Phoenix 09
Comstock Tunnel.. OC Potosl '. 07
Con Cal & Va.. 2 10 Savage 07
Deadwood Terra .. 50 Sierra Nevada .... 18
Horn Silver ....... 133 Small Hopes 45
Iron Silver , ,- 5S Standard 3 50
Leadvllle Con . 05 •
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— Bonds-
Call 'loans 3%@5 Atchison 4s 103
Tim© loans 4 @4% N E Gas&Coke 6s. 58
Stocks— ' . ' Mining Shares— #
A. T. & S. F .' 81 Adventure 23%
A T & S F prefd.. 100% BIngham Mln Co.. 23%
American Sugar ..139% Amalg Copper 18%
Am Telephone ....155 Atlantic 37
Boston & Albany.. 254 Calumet &Hecla.79O
Boston EIeYated...l84 Centennial 29
Dominion Coal . ..39% Franklin '..... 17
Dom Coal prefd.. .113% Humboldt 25
U S Steel 44 Osceola 91
U S Steel prefd... 94# Parrot 52%
Mexican Central . 26 Quincy 177
N E Gas & Coke.. 6% Santa Fe Copper.. 7
Old Dominion 30% Utah Mining 31
Rubber ZY* Wlnona 2%
¦West End 95 Wolverines .#...... 57%.
Westlnghouse El.. 68
New York Money Market.
NEW YORK, July 8.— Money on call steady
at 2@D per cent; last loan, 2; ruling rate, 6.
Prime mercantile paper, 4@4%' per cent Ster
ling exchange, easy, with actual business in
bankers' bills at $4 S7%@4 87% for. demand and
$4 85% for sixty days. Posted rates^ $4 86@
4 88%. Commercial bills, $4 84%@4 85. Silver
certificates, nominally 60c. Bar sliver, 58%c.
Mexican dollars, 46%c. Government . bonds,
stronger; State bonds, strong; railroad bonds,
weak.
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON. "July 8.— To-day's statement
of the treasury . balances show: Available cash
balance. U75,841, 400; gold, $101,469,576.
London Market.
NEW YORK, July 8.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
This was a day of unsettled rumors and of i
limited business. Americans were flat on New ;
York selling from start to finish. The first i
rumor of the, day waa about the rate cuttjng
by the Chicago Great Western. The purpose was
said to be a desire to be bought, and because
the road is In a position to Interfere with other
deals. Atchison fell heavily and- others fol
lowed. ' Berlin then came to the front as a free
seller of stocks. A rumor was current that
another German bank, the identity of which
was not revealed, was down. German favor
ites were flat and finally at the close of busi
ness there was a vague rumor on the street
that another New York bank had suspended.
The net result was that quotations closed at
the bottom with traders frightened at shadows.
CLOSING.
LONDON, July 8.— Anaconda, 9U; Atchison,
89%; Canadian Pacific, 106U; Northern Pacific
preferred, 99; Union Pacific preferred, 91%;
United States Steel, 40%: United States Steel
preferred, 97%. Bar silver, steady, 27d per
ounce. Money, 1@1% per cent.
Visible Grain Supply.
¦NEW YORK, July 8.— The visible supply of
grain Saturday, July 6, as compiled by the
New York Produce Exchange, is as follows:
Wheat, 29,688,000 bushels; ' decrease, 1,105,000
bushels. Corn, 14,372,000 bushels; decrease,
7S6.000 bushels. Oats, 9,198.000 bushels; decrease,
1.6S2.000 bushels. Rye, 509,000 bushels; decrease,
110,000 bushels. Barley, 393,000 bushels; de
crease, 4L000 bushels.
NEW YORK, July 8.— FLOUR— Receipts, 26,
312; exports, 14.S37; 'weak and 5@10c lower.
M:nnesota patents, $3 65@3 80; Minnesota
bakers. $2 S5®3 15; winter patents, $3 55@3 80;
winter straights, $3 35Q2 50; winter extras,
$2 50fg2 SO: winter low grades,' $2 SOlg^ 40.
• WHEAT— Receipts, 278,250; exports, 199,585;
spot wheat; No. 2 red, 72c f. o.. b., afloat; No. 2
red, 70%c, elevator; No. 1 Northern Duluth,
72%c f. o. b., afloat; No. 1 hard, Northern
Duluth, 81%c f. o. b., afloat. Options were
generally weak' and heavy all day. Llquida
tlcn was a feature. Closed weak, HS^ic net
lower. July 70&&/71%c, closed 70Vic; .Septem
ber 70%(g"0 13-16c, closed 70%c; October 70%@
71'.ic, closed 7(/%c.
HOPS— Firm.
HIDES— Quiet.
WOOL— Dull.
COFFEE— Spot Rio, dull: No. 7 invoice. 5%c;
mi'd, quiet; Cordova, 8U@12%c. Futures
rlosed dull, unchanged. Total sales were but
42SO bags. September, $5 15 and July $5 45.
SUGAR — Inactive. Molasses sugar, 3 0-I60
Refined, quiet.
BUTTER-Recelpts, 12,700 packages; weak;
State dairy. 14@18%c; creamery, 15@19%c; fac
tory, 13«rl5%c. . ~ '¦
EGGS— Receipts, 13.900 packages; Irregular;
Western candled, 13@14%c; Western uncandled,
9@12'/c.
DRIED FRUITS.
NEW YORK. July 8.— Evaporated apples,
quiet; State, common to good, 3%@5c; prime,
&&@5%c; choice, 6(jj61&c; fancy, 6%@7c.
California dried fruits were steady.
PRUNES— 2%@6»ic per pound, as to size and
quality.
APRICOTS— Royal, 8@12c; Moorjjark, 7%@
12%c.
PEACHES— Peeled, ll®12c; unneeled, 6@10c.
CHICAGO, July 8.— The heaviness of domes
tic receipts, the downward trend of foreign
markets, ' together with 1 weather of the most
perfect character, all combined to cause a
weak opening In wheat. The trading was
largely for local account and without any par
ticular feature. The bull influences were the
large decrease on passage and small world's
shipments, but their effect was scarcely no
ticed.' September opened %@%c lower at 64%c,
and weakness prevailed during the entire ses
sion. The low point wai reached at 64%@64i4c,
which figures marked the close, with a loss
of one cent.
Corn was fairly active early In the session
and the opening was firm. The bull factors
were the dry weather throughout the South
west'with still higher temperatures to. follow.
September closed %c higher at 48@48V6c.
Profit-taking by local longs caused the early
decline.
Oats were influenced by ¦Imilar Influences as
operating in corn. The opening was strong and
the Ktreneth continued throughout the day
September closed %@%c higher at 30c.
Provisions were weak and did not appear to
take any advantage from the strong market
In corn and oats. September pork i closed 30c
lower, lard 5@7 1 / £c lower and rigs 7'/4c lower.
The leading futures ranged as foTIows:
T.rv * -vr . Open * H1 Sh- ' Low. Close.
Wheat, No. 2— « ' '
July 63% 64H t ez% - 63%
September 64% 64% 64% 64M
December 66% 66% 65% 66
Corn, No. 2—
July 46 46'4 45%. 46H,
September ......... 48 48V4 «47% .48V6
December 46% 47% .46% 47%
- Oats, No. 2—
July 28'/i 30H 28H 29%
September 29% 30% 29^ 30
May 31% 33 31% 32U
Mess Pork, per bbl— . n
July 13 97% 13 97% 13 70- 13 70
September ..14 30 14 30 14 00 14 00
Lard, per 100 lbs— . :
July 8 57ft S 57tf 8 50 8 5214
September ......... 8 60 8 65 8 57% 8 60
October .....8 60 8 62% 8 65 8*55
Short Ribs, per ICO lbs —
July .'. 7 90 7 90 - 7 S5 ' 7 85'
September :. 8 02% 8 O2',4 7 95 '.795
October ....7 95 7 95 7 S7V£ 7 87>i
¦ Cash quotations were as 'follows: Flour, dull
and easy; No. 3 spring wheat, 61@63V4c- No 3
red,- 64®65%c; No. 2 corn, 46%c; No. 2 yellow
46%c: No. 2 Oats, 30«4@31%c; No. 2 white, 32>Ac'
No. 3 white, 31^@32c; No. 2 rye. 49V4c; No i
flax seed, $1 88; No. 1 Northwestern, $1 88
prime timothy seed, $4 40; ' mess pork, per bbl
$13 75@13 SO;- lard, . per ; 100 lbs. $8 50®8 52W
short ribs sides (loose). $7 75@7 95; dry salted
shoulders (boxed). 7!4@7,%c; short, clear sides
(boxed), $8 40@8 50; whisky, basis of high
wines. $127; clover, -contract grade, $9 50. > ¦
Articles-^ I Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels .....'. ...43,000 ¦¦;'. 80,000
Wheat, bushels 202.0QO ,463,000
Corn, bushels .'.....;..'..;.. 296,000' 144,000
Oats, bushels ' 228,000 v 323.000
Rye, bushels 3,000 '•'- 12,000 ¦'.-'
BarJey, bushels ...9,000.-, .¦.....,'.-
On the Produce Exchange to-day. the butter
market was steady; creameries, H@18?ic;: dair-
dium skins. 30c; winter or thin skins. 20c. Goat
skins—Prime Angoras,* 75c; large and smooth,
60c; medium, S5c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4%c per lb; choice.
6c- No. 2. 3%@4c: grease, 2%@3c. .
WOOL— Spring. 1900 or 1301— Humboldt and
Mendoclno, 14@>l«%c; do. Lambs', lie per lb;
Northern, free. 12@13c; defective. 9@u C ; Mid
dle County, free, 10@llc; do defective, 8®10c;
Southern. 12 months. 8@9c; Southern, free. 7
months, 7<S10c; do, defective, 7 months, 7@8c:
Oregon Valley, fine, 14@15c; do, medium and
coarse. ll@13c: Oregon. Eastern, choice. Il@l3c
do fair to good, 9@llc; Nevada, 10@lliic.
HOPS— 15@20c per lb.
San Francisco Meat Market. .
Hogs are getting firmer again, as receipts
are falling off. , Prices stand the same, how
ever.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
. BEEF— 6%@7Vic for Steers and G@6>£c per lb
for cows.
VEAL— Large, 7%@8c: small. 8@9c per lb.
. MUTTON— Wethers. -7@8c; Ewes. 7@7V4c per
pound. •
LAMB — Spring, 8V4@9c per pound.
PORK— Live Hogs, .200 lbs and under, 6%c;
over 20p lbs, 6c; feeders, — ; sows. 20 per cent
off, boars 50 per cent off and stags 40 per cent
off from the above quotations; dressed Hogs,
7V4QS14C
General Merchandise.
GRAIN BAGS— San Quentln Bags. *5 63; Cal
cutta Grain Bags. 7%@8c; local make. He less
than Calcuttas; Wool Bags, 32@35c; Fleece
Twine, 7&@Sc; Fruit Bags, 5%®6c for cotton
and 8%@8%c for Jute.
COAL— Wellington. $9 per ton; Southfleld Wel
lington, $9; Seattle, $7; Bryant, $6 50; Coos Bay.
$5 50; Wallsend,. J3; Co-operative Wallsend, fJ;
Cumberland, $12 50 in bulk and $13 75 in sacks;
Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, J14; Cannel, J10
per ton; Coke, $15 per ton in bulk and $17 In
sacks: Rocky Mountain descriptions, $8 45 per
2000 lbs and {8 50 per ton. according to brand
OILS— California Castor OH, in cases, No. 1,
75c; pure, $1 30; Linseed Oif, in barrels, boiled,
94c; raw. 92c; cases, 5c more; Lard Oil, extra
winter strained, barrels. SOc; cases, 85c; China
Nut. 53@63c per gallon: pure Neatsfoot Oil. bar
rels, 65c; cases, 70c; Sperm, pure, 65c; Whale
Oil, natural white, 37^@42V4c per gallon; Fish
Oil, In barrels, 35c; cases, 40c.
• COAL OIL— v\ater Coal Oil, In bulk,
12V£c; Pearl OH, in cases, lS%c; Astral, I8V2C;
Star, 18^c: Extra Star. 22V4c; Elaine. 23V&C;
Kocene, 20%c; deodorized stove easoline, lu
bulk, loc; In cases, 21c; Benzine, In bulk, 14c;
in cases, 20c; 86-degree Gasoline, in bulk, 20c;
in cases, 26c.
TURPENTINE— 58c per gallon in cases and
52c In drums or Iron barrels.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, per lb, in 100-lb bags:
Crushed, 6.25c; Powdered, 5.85c; Candy Gran
ulated, 5.85c; Dry Granulated, 5.75c; Confec
tioners' A. 5.75c; Fruit Granulated. 5.75c; Mag
nolia A, 5.35c; Extra C. 5.25c: Golden C, 5.15c;
barrels, 10c more; half- barrels, 25c more; box
es, 50c more: 50-lb bags. 10c more. No orders
taken for less than 75 barrels cr Its equivalent.
Dominos. half-barrels, 6.50c; boxes. 6.75c per lb.
•COFFEE— C. E. Bickford's circular gives the
receipts at this pert thus far this year at
205.644 bags, against 143.840 during the same
time last year. The sales from first hands
were 105,242 bags, against 89.800. The stock In
first hands July 1 was 95,871 bags, against 57,877
on the same date last year.
The circular says:
"The article continues In about the same
position a3 noted in our circular of June 27.
Our midsummer season is rarely a good period
for coffee, and the movement in prices has
been, principally for this reason, against it
where any chnage has occurred. Brazil cof
fees In New York have scarcely fluctuated. No.
7 Rio having closed yesterday %c lower than a
month ago,, and altogether the situation is a
waiting one.
"The stock movement here for the past thir
ty days, In all kinds, totals 21,586 bags — un
usually • full — but of these quite a proportion
comprise deliveries on earlier contracts, ex
ports to foreign countries and permanent with
drawals of Central American and other varie
ties.
"To-day's first hand stock consists of .10.771
bags Costa Rica, 1078 Nicaragua. 20,504 Salva
dor, 59,907 Guatemala. 1380 Mexican and 3524
bags of other kinds; in all 97,164 bags, as
against 58,742 bags same'.time last year."
We quote market quiet and about steady as
follows:
Costa Rica — 13 1 /4®14c for strictly prime to
fancy washed; 11%@12%c for prime washed;
10>4®llc Tor good washed; ll@12^c for good to
prime washed peaberry; 9%@10^c for fair to
prime peaberry; 9H<® 10^c for good to prime:
7%@8%c for fair; 6@7%c for common to ordin
ary.
Salvador— 12@13%c for strictly prime washed:
9@ll%c for good to prime washed; 8@8%c for
fair washed: 10U@12c for good to prime washed
peaberry; 8@8V&c for good to prime semi
washed; 8@8%c for superior unwashed; 7 1 / 4@7%c
for good green unwashed; 8}4@9c for good to
superior unwashed peaberry; 5%@7&c for com
mon to ordinary.
Nicaragua— 11014c for prime to fancy washed:
8V.(f?10%c for fair to strictly good washed: 7%
<S'79ic for good to superior unwashed; S',i@S%c
for good to prime unwashed peaberry.
Guatemala and Mexican— 11^4@14%c for prime
to fancy washed; 10@10%c for strictly good
washed: 9^4@3%c for good washed; 7%@9c for
fair washed: 7@7> / 4c for medium; IWSTic for in
ferior to ordinary: 10%@12c for good to primp
washed peaberry: S»A^9c for good to prime un
washed peaberry; 7%@8c for good to superior
unwa3hcd.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR SEVENTY-TWO HOURS.
Flour, qr sks 76 267 'Bran, sks 1,010
Wheat ctls 232,470 Middlings, sks .. 475
Barley! ctls 10,230 Wool, bales 193
Oats ctls 2,930 Hides. No 655
Corn'. East, ctls.. 2,400 Pelts, bdls 219
Beans, sks 490 Tallow, ctls ZSO
Hay tons 1,005 Quicksilver, risks 172
Straw tons ...... 27 Lime, bbls 91
Rye ctls 490 Leather, rolls 418
Potatoes, sks R.244 Chicory, bbls 47
Onions, sks ..... 2,073 Wine, gals M9.40O
WASHINGTON.
Flsur, qr sks 6,176[Flaxseed. sks .... 940
Potatoes, sks 291 Wool, bales 70
Business was quiet on the morning session
of the Bond- Exchange and quotations showed
•little variation. The oil stocks were very quiet
and featureless.
There was nothing new in the afternoon.
The Hale and Norcrcss Mining Company has
levied an assessment of 10c.
An • assessment of %c per share has been
levied upon the Gould Central Oil Company of
McKittrlck and Temblor oil districts, payable
July 10. delinquent August 12. with sale day
September 12.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE
MONDAY. July 8—2 p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask.
4s quar coup..H2> I 6113 < ,6 4s qrep (new>.139 140
4s quar reg 112Msll3%'3s quar cou^.108%10954
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bay Co P C 5s.lO5V4106^ Oceanic SS 5s.l00 102
Cal-st 5s 115V4 — Omnibus R 6s.l27 —
C C Water 5S..107U — Pac G Imp 4s.. — 100
Ed L & P 6s.. 123^133% Pk & C II 63.. 106 —
Fer & Cl R 6s.U7te — Pk & O II 6s.. 117 _
Geary-st 5s.... — — Powll-st R 6s.l20 —
H C& S 5%s..lC6»i — Sac E G R 5s. — —
Do 5s.. — 102VJ S F & SJV 5s. 120 1*«4
Los Ang R 5S.114V4 — Sierra Cal 6s.. — 110 "
L A Light 6s.. — 1C2 S P of A 6s
Do gntd 6a. .100 — (1909) Ill _
Do gntd 5s. .103 — (1910) 112 .
L A & Pac os.lOO 102% S P of C 6s
Do lem 53.102% — (1905). Ser A.10S 108%
Market-st C 6s. 125 — (1905), Ser B.1C844109M.
Do 1 c m 5s. .122% — (19C6) 103% —
Nev Co N G 7slO3 114 (1912) 119 122
Nor R Cal Cs.112 — S P of Cal 1st
Do 5s 118M:119V4 cp gntd g 5s. 107
Nor Pac C 6S.1CCV4 — SPBr Cal 6s. 135 136
Do 5s lOSftlOSft S V Water 63.113% —
Nor R Cal as.. 110 113 Do 4s — —
Oak Gas 5s. ..112^ — Do 4s 3d m.lOltf —
Do Trans 6s. 11634118 Stktn Gas 6s.. — —
Do Water 5s.lC2 — . -y,
.WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa.. SO 80%| Spring Valley. 87& 88
Marin County. 51—1 \
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L & P... 3% — Pacific Light.. 47 —
Equitable V-A 5 • Sacramento ... — '
Mutual — 6 S F G & E.... 42 42U
Oakland 50 51- San Francisco. 4ti 414
Pac Gas Imp.. — 43U Stktn G & E.. 8 —
INSURANCE. .. ¦
Flrem's Fund. — 250 | j»
. . BANKS.
Anglo-Cal .... 77}£ — LP&A 150 —
California 409 412 Mer Ex (liq).. 16 _
Cal Safe Dep.108 — S F National. .127% —
First Natlonl..309 315
SAVINGS BANKS.
German ......1830 1923 Sav & Loan... — " _! .:
Humboldt — — Security 275
Mutual 50 — Union Trust. .1600
San Francisco. 527V4 — >- '
STREET RAILROADS. >-
California 130 134 O S L & H.'..: 40 _
Geary — 40 Presidio 27 in
Market ........ 7Ui — : ™ ¦
POWDER.
Giant 76H 77 IVIgorit 3 »„
SUGAR. '*
liana ¦ 6% 6% Kllauea is 19
Hawaiian 50 — Makawell 34 , _
llonokaa 19!a 20 . Onomea onyf ,
Hutchlnson ...18 — Paauhau .. 25 25V
MISCELLANEOUS. ' ' *
Alaska Pack.. 131 133 Oceanic S Co sn^ ¦?¦>
Cal Fruit Can. 95 - C3 Pac- au: F a' 2 —
Cal Wine- Asn.100 — Pac C Borax 163
Merchnts' Ex.. 110 ¦— Par Paint 16
Morning Session.
«»,* Board—
25 Contra - Costa Water, cash... so 25
Honokaa Co •--••
*¦ 10 Oceanic S S Co...
1 100 Onomea Sugar Co... .7.7.7 22 50
;- 75 Paauhau S.P Co.... .....!.'.".'.'."" 25 25
... 23 Paauhau S P Co, s 3.'......'.[;[****;| 2323'
110 S F Gas & Electric Co 42 50
Street—
10 Giant Powder Con "5 75
$2000 N P C R R 5s 106 00
10O S V Water • 87 50
Afternoon Session.
Board— •
5 Contra Costa Water 80 12*i
25 liana Plantation Co 6 62^
125 Kllauea Sugar P Co IS 00
50Makawell Sugar Co 34 00
10 Oceanic S S Co 5100
$20W Oakland Transit 6s 117 00
-25 Paauhau S P Co 25 37V»
50 Paauhau S P Co 25 25
95 S F Gas & Electric Co 42 00
5S V Water, cash 87 50
20S V Water 87 50
Street—
10 Bank of California 409 50
10 Oceanic S S Co 51 00
SAN FRANCISCO OIL EXCHANGE.
Mornln: Session. J " '
No sales. >.,] ;•*
•' Afternoon Session. * 1.
N-o sales. 1 f'*
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE. ',fj,[
Morninz Session.
Board —
1 Hanford 93 00
5 Kern i 5 00
1000 Occidental of W Va 50
1000 Occidental of W Va 51
10O Sovereign 33
Street —
6C0 Reed Crude 40
200 Monarch of Arizona 30
Afternoon Session.
Board —
100 Caribou 75
1300 Independence 12
100 Junction ...-. 14
49 Kern 5 23
15C0 Hon. b 90 12
1100 Lion 11
1000 Occidental of W Va 50
10 San Joaquln OH & Dev 3 00
MINING STOCKS.
The following were the sales In the San
Francisco Stock and Exchange Board yester
day:
Morning Session.
SCO Belcher 08 500 Hale & Norc... 20
300 Best & Belcher 23 300 Mexican «
6GO Con Cal & Va.-2 20 10O Ophlr 8>)
200 Gould & Curry 13 100 Sierra Nevada. 19
, 500 Hale & Norc... 19 300 U.nlon Con 15
Afternoon Session.
7C0 Best & Belcher 21 300 Overman 15
400 Con Cal & Va..2 20 500 Potosl 04
50 Con Cal & Va..! 25 30O Sierra Nevada. IS
200 Mexican 20 300 Yellow Jacket.. CS
6C0 Ophir 73
The following were the sales In the Pacific
Stock Exchange yesterday:
¦ Morning Session.
200 Best & Belcher 23 200 Mexican 12
500 Best & Belcher « 50. Ophlr 82
300 Con Cal & Va..2 23 500 Ophlr 80
600 Gould & Curry 13 200 Ophlr 13
200 Hale & Norc... 13 300 Sierra Nevada. 20
200 Hale & Norc... 18
Afternoon Session.
SOOChollar 07 200 Ophlr 73
600 Gould & Curry 13 300 Ophir 73
200 Hale & Norc... 19 500 Savage OS
300 Hale & Norc... IS 300 Sierra Nevada. 1!*
200 Mexican 21 200 Union Con 16
2C0 Ophlr 76
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
MONDAY. July t— I jk. m.
Bid.Ask.f "¦ BldAsk.
Alpha". 01 03 Justice '....".„.. 01 C3
Alta 04 05 Kentuck 01 03
Andes 04 C5 Lady "Wash .... 01 —
Belcher OS 03 Mexican 13 20
Best & Belcher 21 22 Occidental C3 04
Bullion 01 03 Ophlr 72 73
Caledonia 36 3S Overman 13 IS
Challenge Con. 17 19 Potoal 03 03
Chollar 06 07 Savage 08 09
Confidence 62 70 Scorpion — 04
Con Cal & Va..2 20 2 25 Segr Belcher — 03
Con Imperial... — ' 02 Sierra Nevada. 17 18
Con New York. 01 02 Sliver Hill 26 30
Crown Point... 06 OS St Louis M —
Eureka Con ... 06 — Standard 3 60 —
Exchequer — 02 Syndicate .05 07
Gould & Curry 13 11 Union Con 15 16
Hale & Norc... IS 13 Utah 03 01
Julia — 02 Yellow Jacket.. 05 07
V . ? .
HOTEL AKRIVALS.
PALACE HOTEL.
Mrs A C Furniss, Cal
Miss L Bardot. Cal
John A Shepard &; w,
Portland
Mrs Adafr Wilson, Den
Miss M Wilson, Denver
J W Morse, U S N
C L Carter. U S N
Leon Block, Japan
H F Keller. Los Ang
A E Burnett, N Y
Chas Rofle. Cincinnati
Julius C Lang. Portlnd
E Mildebuger. N Y
E P Spauldins. N Y
Mrs D Van Demburgh,
Los Gatos
Alfred G Reeves, N Y
Mrs D Van Deming.
St Helena
Francis Carolan & w,
Burlingame
R F del Valle. Los A
N R Kelly & w, Nebr
R M Welch & w, Nebr
J E Houtz. Omaha
Miss Adams. Omaha
Mrs D E Never. Cal
Jas Peabody, Chicago
Win A Junker, Del M
H B Tenny. Tucson
J Ross, Toronto
J J Gunther, Toronto
H L Loomls, N Y
T A Hoyt & w, N J
H H Hoyt. N J
A J Laws, Nevada
C L Crane, Reno
M Y Crane. Reno
C M Sharks, Reno
J E McDonald. U S N
W A Doyle, San Mateo
The Misses Doyle. S M
James Ide Benneville,
Philadelphia
Otteman Stevens. Sact
Chas Isaacs, N Y
L H Littlefleld. K I
Herbert Francis. R I
V C Grlneberg. Port A
J N Boyd. N Y
A L Stetson. Sioux C
Mrs M E Caton, loya
F P Butler. N Y
Jno Fennell. Tacoma
O N Whitney
Max Schreither. Saxny
Louis G Clarke & w,
Portland
G E Barnes & w, Jfebr
Oscar Wilder & w, Ky
Y Watanahe, Toklo
H Tauaka. Toklo
T E Sheridan. Sidney
Mrs "W S James. Nev
E Conrad & w. Austral
M N Whitney, Portlnd
E Lueddemann, & w,
Oregon
Max Lueddemann. Or«
Miss F A Unger. Los A
F W Dyson. England
W S Washburn. M D,
Wash
A Seligman, Mtlwatike
Mrs Elizabeth Vander
bllt. Brooklyn. N Y
MIs3 Vanderbilt. N Y
E Alexander, N J
J W Barney. N Y
S B Elklns Jr. W Va
F C Havemeyer. N Y
B H Turls, Montana
Myra Turfs. Montana
Maude Barnebug, Daw
son
Jno Chambers. New Z
G A Busch. Seattle
GRAND HOTEL
J S Robertson. Hnford
G S Nash. Holllster
T Butler, Chlcaro
G Jessen, Watsonville
J Respini, Santa Cruz
J McDonnell. M Park
E A WHcox. San Jose
S P Brown. Seattle
Dr M Kenny. Seattle
E H Barmore, L Ang
D H Trowbridse, Cal
E B Burns, Oregon
G A McElfresh. L Ang
J M Canty. Grayson
E A Tuttle, Los Ang
Dr G D Marlon & w,
California
C S Pierce. Cal
Mrs Miller. Eureka
J C Holl. Portland
G W Tuttle. L Ans
J C Rassdale & w.
Milwaukee
J D Fairchlld. Yuba
Dr J V Gardiner. Cai
E C Bronaugh & w,
Portland
A B Smith. Fresno
B F Porter & w, Arbs
W Hancock. USA
W W Flscus Jr. USA
S A Patterson. P Alto
W C Janney. Phila
H F Donaldson. N Y
J H Corley. Modesto
Miss M Inclln. Cal
E K Smart. G Valley
C E Seymour. Cal
E Stedman & w, N Y
C H Price. Utah ¦;. ;¦;;
John James. Utan I
Rees Price. Utan 1
J P Merrill. N Y ,•
'F J Cressey, Los Ans
F B Moore. Cal
L J Evans. Napa
T Simmons. Tehama
W P Thomas. TJkiah
G M Fontaine. S Jos«
M S Siddall. Chicago
W N Butler. Phila
E E Butler. Phlla
L Newland. Phlla
A F Scott. N Zealand
Mrs C B Halrey. N Y
3 D Cornell & w. N T
J C McCue, Oregon
Miss M Stockton. Or
Mrs S Miller & son
Utah
Miss Buck. 9 Jose
Miss I Buck. 3 Jose
Paul Singleton. S Joso
Miss C Reed. Oregon
J A Pinney. Oregon
A P. Pinney, Oregon
S H Stute. Nebr
D C Tonner. Elgin 111
E Noble. Illinois
M C Peery. Portland
W A Hall. Portland
C T B Jones & w. L A
J W FlaviHe. Phila.
A Clutberg. Seattle
A C Rosendale. Cal
Miss M F Durphy,
Boston
PEG Anzae. S Juan
Mrs K N Carpenter.
Grafton
J Cralgr, Woodland
H T> Weeks. Seattle
J M Peart. Col City
L L McCoy & w, Cal
M B Martin. Pacheco
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
C Clements, Seattle
J Houton & w. VlctrU
A W Ward. Victoria
G F Williams, Seattle
M R Smith. Indiana
M E Writham. Chgo
O P Atwood. Seattle
W F Saunders. Capay
L Brantt. N Y
M Conelly & w, Cal
W Dunn & w, S Jose
T J O' Brian. Cal
Miss Smith. Los Ang
E Lamb. St Louis
W xV , Grlfflth - Kansas
C Hultberg, Sacto
A J GIgnac. U S N
J C Hearn & w. L Ans
Mrs Davis. L03 Ang
T Wolfenbarger & w.
Stockton ¦
F Huhbs & fam. Cal
H W Bllqe, Ohio
There are many tfatuga which it might
be well to do ii it were not so hazardous
to Intrust anybody with power to do
them. " •'«••*» w«
The San Francisco Commercial News has is
sued its regular annual review, and as usual
It abounds in Interesting matter pertaining to
the shipping. Insurance, lumber, grain and
kindred trades. It Is in convenient pamphlet
form, contains €8 pages. Is well illustrated and
Is in all respects a valuable publication in its
efj>ecial field.
Coinage of the Mints.
The coinage of the United States Mints for
the last fiscal year Is as follows:
Double eagles $52,800.820 00
Kagrles 31,300,880 00
Half eagles 14,863,115 00
Quarter eagles 100,900 00
Standard dollars 24.29S.850O0
Half dollars 4,641,425 00
Quarter dollars 3,674,378 50
Dimes 2,650,845 00
Five cents 1,344,105 65
Cents 665,462 43
Grand total 1900-01 $136,340,78158
Grand total 1S99-00 141.301,970 30
Exports of Specie.
Exports of specie from this port during the
firet Fix months of the year amounted to $3,836.
5©n. acainst fll.3S7.555 during the came time In
l&fiO, the loading descriptions being as follows:
Silver bullion, $1,779,294: gold bullion, $202,115;
Mexican dollars. $633,072; silver coin. $148,581;
Rold coin. 1775,617; currency and. bonds. $292,029.
The Iradine destinations were: China, $2,504,
720; New York. $1,198,783; Mexico, $100,000.
Weather Report.
«2fTh Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, July 8—5 p. m.
The following maximum temperatures were
reported from stations in California to-day:
Kureka. 58; Mount Tamalpale, 74; San Luis
Obispo. 7«: Red Bluff. 9S; Fresno. 98; Los An
geles, f2: Sacramento, 82; Independence, 82; San
L>ie?o, 72.
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
60; minimum. 4S; mean, 54.
THE COAST RECORD.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure has fallen slowly over Cali
fornia and the valley of the Colorado. A
moderate disturbance overlies Utah and North
ern Arizona.
The temperature has risen about 8 degrees
in the Sacramento Valley, and has fallen
about 30 degrees in the vicinity of Salt Lake
City. Throughout California the temperatures
are about normal.
A thunderstorm is reported at Salt Lake City
and conditions are favorable for light show
ers in Arizona and Utah Tuesday.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight, July 9:
Northern California— Fair Tuesday, with
cloudy weather in the foothills and possibly
thunderstorms in the Sierras; light southerly
winds in the Interior; fresh westerly winds on
the coast.
Southern California— Fair Tuesday; light
westerly winds.
Nevada— Cloudy Tuesday, with thunderstorms
In the mountains; fresh westerly winds.
San Francisco and vicinity — Fair Tuesday;
frrsh southwest winds.
SPECIAL FRUIT SERVICE REPORTS.
Santa Maria— Fruit light, beans growing bet
ter. Foggy mornings. Grain threshing slowly,
quantity plentiful.
Hollitter— Farmers threshing; barley yielding
veil. Fruit doing well.
Ventura— Apricots and prunes light crop.
Wheat and barley half crop.
San Jose — North wind. Currants. Logan and
raspberries about through; other berries com
ing on.
Palermo— Winds variable; clouds In north
over mountains. All crops looking well.
Napa— South; clear. Pears light; crop plums
fair; barley good.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE.
Forecast Official.
Ccmmercial News Annual.
were withheld from Bale only by reason of the
support which has been accorded to prices by
big syndicates and moneyed interests. The In
dications were that a considerable part of this
support was withdrawn and large holdings
were dislodged because of the decline in prices
which was allowed to occur. The selling waa
concentrated in character, the bulk of It com
ing from a few Stock Exchange houses who
have often acted for Western capitalists, some
of whom had become prominent In the steel
trade before the formation of the United States
Steel Corporation and have been relegated to
the background since the rise of that corpora
tion. The selling attributed to this source was
enormous not only of the United States Steel
stocks themselves, but of the railroad stocks
which led the slump. The Immediate cause
of the weakness of this group was the reported
announcement by the Atchison authorities that
freight rates would be cut in the Chicago-
Missouri River territory July 15. As the rail
roads In this territory comprise the particular
properties supposed to have been brought into
community of interests, and as there has been
a large speculation in them founded on thid
supposition, the hostility manifested by a
cutting of rates made them peculiarly vulner
able. They led the decline all day with only
occasional straggling rallies on covering by
bear traders. In the final break St. Paul fell
an extreme 10%. Missouri Pacific 8, Union Pa
ciflo 7%. Atchison 6% and United States Steel,
I which had offered some resistance during the
day, suddenly dropped 4 points under very
heavy offerings. The market closed in a semi
demoralized condition.
The call loan rate was offered down from 8
per cent in the morning to 2 per cent at the
close, without relieving the weakness of the
stock market. Rumors of financial difficulties
could not be traced to any reliable source, nor
could anything be learned to justify them.
Railroad bonds were weak in sympathy with
stocks. Total sales. par value, $2,960,000.
United States refunding 2s advanced % per cent
on the last call.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Shares Closing
Sold. " Stock — ¦ Bid.
86,000 Atchison 80*g
31.850 Atchison prefd 100»£
4,900 Baltimore & Ohio 103
800 Baltimore & Ohio prefd 94
3.400 Canadian Pacific 103
Canada Southern 66V6
30.500 Chesapeake & Ohio 46
4,100 Chicago & Alton 42
2,100 Chicago & Alton prefd 78}i
L100 Chicago Burlington & Qulncy 197
4,200 Chicago Ind & Louisville 3i%
100 Chicago Ind & Louisville prefd 70%
100 Chicago & Eastern Illinois 125
5,200 Chicago & Great Western 22%
100 Chicago & Great Western A prefd.. 81
S00 Chicago & Great Western B prefd.. 60
500 Chicago & Northwestern 1S2
4.200 Chicago Rock Island & Pacific 145»i
1,400 Chicago Terminal & Trans 21'.£
2,100 Chicago Terminal & Trans prefd.. 42'.4
800 C C C & St Louis 86>4
1.600 Colorado Southern 14
1,000 Colorado Southern 1st prefd 51
600 Colorado Southern 2d prefd 22
200 Delaware & Hudson 163
Delaware Lackawanna & Western. .232
500 Denver & Rio Grande 4CU
300 Denver & Rio Grande prefd 34%
39.S00 Erie 39Vi
8,100 Erie 1st prefd 69*i
1.2C0 Erie 2d prefd 65
900 Great Northern prefd 1S3
200 Hocking Valley 52%
1.200 Hocking Valley prefd 74V4
12,500 Illinois Central 14SU
1.500 Iowa Central 38
1,900 Iowa Central prefd 82
Lake Erie & Western 57
Lake Erie & Western prefd 118
10.400 Louisville & Nashville 1<«%
1S.SO0 Manhattan Elevated 117U
7,770 Metropolitan Street Railway ;.163
5,500 Mexican Central 2SVi
2,200 Mexican National 9%
1,200 Minneapolis & St Louis IO6V2
19.1TO Missouri Pacific • 106%
100 Misouri Kansas & Texas 29
1,850 Missouri Kansas & Texas prefd.... 60
100 New Jersey Central 160
8,250 New York Central \ 154
1.200 Norfolk & Western 50
200 Norfolk & Western prefd 88
Noithern Pacific 120
S00 Northern Pacific prefd 95^4
12,400 Ontario & Western 33%
3S.54.-i Pennsylvania 146'/2
l'J.400 Seading 43%
8.300 Reading 1st prefd 77>4
7,300 Reading 2d prefd 54&
1,400 St Louis & San Francisco 43%
St Louis & San Fran 1st prefd 80
2,200 St Louis & San Fran 2d prefd 67%
St Louis Southwestern 32
1,250 St Louis Southwestern prefd 60
43,500 St Paul 163
500 St Paul prefd .1S3
6S.500 Southern Pacific 54V&
2,100 Southern Railway 31%
4,250 Southern Railway prefd 85
10,600 Texas & Pacific 41V4
500 Toledo St Louis & Western 20
200 Toledo Pt Louis & Western prefd.. 35
95,0UG Union Pacific 101%
1.300 Union Pacific prefd 89>/i
3,100 Wabash 201&
4,900 Watash prefd 40%
6"0 Wheeling & Lake Erie 19%
150 W & L E 2nd prefd si^
32,000 Wisconsin Central 2iw>
700 Wisconsin Central prefd 43 "
P C C & St L 78
Express Companies —
Adams 165
American 192
United States 87
Wells Fargo 150
Miscellaneous —
23,000 Amalgamated Copper '. US%
4.200 American Car & Foundry ZO'/g
3,100 American Car & Foundry prefd.... 86
MXK American Linseed Oil 30
(.SOC American Linseed OH prefd 6n
4,^,-fl American Smelting & Refining 55^
2,200 Amer Smelting & Refining prefd 101 V4
American Tobacco 133
1,600 Anaconda Mining Company 46%
15,000 Brooklyn Rapid Transit 7:H«.
1,400 Colorado Fuel & Iron .107
3,100 -Consolidated Gas 218%
6,200 Continental Tobacco 66%
600 Continental Tobacco prefd '..:.. .118%
800 General Electric 254
1.600 Glucose Sugar : ..; 58Vi
2,300 Hocking Coal 21%
100 International Paper 22
400 International Paper prefd 77
400 International Power 90
700 Laclede Gas 95
200 National Biscuit ; 43
2,400 National Lead 20%
National Salt 44
....... National Salt prefd 75 ¦
3,400 North American 99*4
Pacific Coast 65 .
1.500 Pacific Mail 38
16,100 Peoples Gas '. .'.115
Pressed Steel Car 43
1,500 Preyed Steel Car prefd ; 85
300 Pullman Palace Car 207
2.200 Republic Steel 19%
1.900 Republic Steel prefd 74
15,300 Sugar ...i 140
7.0f« Tennessee Coal & Iron 05
2,200 Union Bag & Paper Company 15V4
Union Bag & Paper prefd...; 72%
3.500 United States Leather 13%
2,300 United States Leather prefd 77%
1,200 United States Rubber 20%
600 United States Rubber prefd.......... 55%
189.800 United States Steel 43!^
.72,200 United States Steel prefd 93%
2,700 Western Union 9114
1,060,800 Shares sold.
CLOSING BONDS.
U S 2s refunding N Y Cent lsts 104%
reg 107% N J Cent gen 5s. ..132
do coup .' 107% North Pac 3s.. T>Zi.
do 3s reg lOSVs do 4s 104U
do coup 108% N Y C & St L 4s. .107^
do new 4s reg... 139 Norf & W con 4s. .102$
do coup 139 Or Nav lsts 107 "
do old 4s reg 112% do 4s i02»i
do coup 112% Or S Line 6s "l2s4i
do 5s reg ..108% do con 5s ...:. 117U
<io coup 108% Reading gen 4s ..'. %&
Dlst of Col 3.65s.. .126 R G W lsts lOOU
Atchison gen 4s 104 St L & I M con 5s'll7
jo adj 4s ......:. 9S . St L & S F gen 6s.l32%
Can South 2d» 109 St Paul cons.... lso
Ches & Ohio 4%8..107% St P C & Pac l6ts!l20
do Bs 120 do r.s 117U
C & N W con 7s. .142% South Pac 4s ....... 92*?
do S F deb 6s. ..122% South Railway Es.118
Chi .. Term . 4a 94U S Rope & T 6a 60
Colo South 4s . S3 Tex & Pac lsts irevi
D.& R G lsts......lO2y« do 2ds ;... 103
Erie gen 4s S7fcjL'nIon Pacific 4b ..104%
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Silver and Exchange about as before.
Wheat dull, zvith lower futures. Barley unchanged.
Western Oat and Corn crops suffering front heat and drought.
Choice Hay firm and common zveak. Feedstuffs unchanged.
Beans and Seeds neglected and unchanged.
Damage to Potatoes reported in the West.
Tomatoes weak under heavy receipts.
Fine Butter and Eggs firm. Eastern Cheese -loivcr.
Fresh fruit in moderate receipt and steady. {
Nothing new in Dried Fruit. ; !
Provisions firmly held, but not vrey active.
Hogs getting firm again, under decreasing receipts.
Trading dull on the local Stock Exchanges.
Coffee quiet and steady. \
les. 14@16o. Cheese," steady, : 9®10c. I : Eggs,
steady, 10VS®ll%c . -.•:..
LIVERPOOL*
1 Wheat— Sept. Dec.
Opening 55^4 56%
Closing 5 5 5 5%
¦ ¦¦" PARIS.
Wheat— July. Sept. -Dec.
Opening ...;. ...20 45 ¦ 21 30
Closing 20 45 2130
Flour-
Opening ... 26 00 27 15
Closing ...' 26 10 27 10
Chicago Livestock Market.
CHICAGO, July 8.'— CATTLE— Receipts, 22,000.
Good to prime steers, $5 30® 6 40; poor to medium
$4@5 10; stockers and feeders, weak, $2 35@4 40;
cows, $2 45@4 50; heifers, $2 70ig>4 90; canners, .$2
@2 40; bulls, choice firm, " others slow, $2 40®
4 50; calves, slow, $4 25@6 25; Texas steers, $3 45
@5 20; Texas bulls, $2 40@3 50.
HOGS— Receipts to-day, 24,000; to-morrow,
18,000 estimated; left over. 1S0O. Steady; top,
$6 15. Mixed and butchers, $5 70@6 05; good to
choice heavy, $5 S5@6 15; rough heavy, $5 70®
5 80; light, $5 70@<; bulk of sales, $5 85@6 03.
SHEEP— Receipts, 20,000. Sheep and lambs,
10c higher. Active, Idaho range lambs up to
$5 30.. Good to choice wethers, $3 40@4 15; fair to
choice mixed, $3@3 75; Western sheep, $3 35®
4 15; yearlings, $3 65@4 35; native lambs, $4@5 25;
Western lambs, $3 75@5 30.
ST. JOSEPH.
ST. JOSEPH, July 8.— CATTLE— Receipts.
39S0. Market steady to 10c lower; natives, $4 40
@6 15; cows and heifers, $1 50@5 10; bulls and
stags, ?2 70@510; stackers and feeders, $2 55®
I 50; veals, $3 50@6 25.
HOGS— ±'.eceipts, 3778. Strong to 5c higher.
Light and Ufjht mixed. $5 70@5 85; medium and
heavy, $5 75'3'S; pigs, S3 90@4 90; bulk, $5 70©5 SO.
SHEEP— Nominal.
Nezv York Metal Market.
NEW YORK, July 8.— Since last Wednesday
there was^an advance of about £8 In priced
for cpot tin In the London market. This was
due entirely to local causes, the available
stock on spot being controlled by one concern.
The general trend of the market abroad seems
to be Indicated by a decline of 15s in the price
for futures. 'The futures In London closed at
£119 and spot closed at £138. The advance In
spot tin abroad did not have the slightest effect
on the New York market. On the contrary
prices have fallen away about 1 cent since
Wednesday owing to light demand and quite
free offerings, with the closing tone weak.
The local closing price is $27@27 50.' The Lon
don copper market ruled steady at the close
with prices a shade firmer, spot closing at
£67 us and futures at £67 13s. The local copper
market was halting, with prices more or less,
nominal on the basis of 17c for Lake Superior
and 16%c for electrolytic and casting.
The lead markets at home and abroad were
quiet and ¦ unchanged. Spelter was dull and
unchanged here, -while at London prices -were
5s better, closing at £16 15s; New York closed
at $3 90@-3 95. Iron was slow of sale here with
prices net unchanged. The English markets
were quiet and lower. Glasgow closed at 50s
6d and Middles: boro 53s Cd.
New York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK, July 8.— Cotton closed net un
changed to 3 points lower.
Foreign Markets.
LONDON, July 8.— Consols, 93Vid; silver,
27d; French rentes, lOOf 67V&C. Cargoes on pas-
Sage, rather easier; No. 1 standard California,
29s; Walla Walla, 2Ss 6d; English country
markets, dull; imports of wheat into United
Kingdom, 384,000; Imports of flour into United
Kingdom, 266,000; wheat and flour on passage
to United Kingdom, 3,320,000; wheat and flour
on passage to Continent, 1,600,000.
LIVERPOOL; July 8.— Wheat, dull; No. 1
standard California, 5s 9d@5s S^d; wheat In
Paris, quiet;" flour In Paris, quiet: French
country markets, quiet; weather in England,
fine.
COTTON— Uplands. 4 21-32d.
CLOSING.
WHEAT— Dull. No. 2 red Western winter,
6s 6%d: No. 1 Northern spring, 5s 6d;.No. 1
California, 5s 3d. Futures, steady. September,
5s 6d; December, 5s 5%d.
CORN— Spot American mixed, new, firm, 4s
2d; do old, steady, 4s 3d. Futures, firm. July,
4s lM,d; September, 4s 2Vid; December, 4s 4%d.
London Wool Sales.
LONDON, July 8.— The offerings at the wool
auction sales to-day numbered 14,534 bales.
There was keen competition for superior greasy
merinos and crossbreds. A large supply of me- ¦
dium and Inferior sold at irregular prices.
Cape of Good Hope and Natal sold freely.
American buyers purchased superior j merinos
and medium greasy crossbreds. A good home
and. Continental demand prevailed.
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND, July 8.— Clearings, $434,680; bal
ances, {64,119.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, July S.— WHEAT-Qulet at
56%c for Walla Walla. - .
Cleared— British bark Madagascar for
Queenstown with 126,000 bushels of wheat:
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Wash., July 8.— WHEAT— Quiet;
Bluestem, 57c; Club, 56c.
• ' • ' i
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days ..!.".. — $4 86<4
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 88V4
Sterling Cables — ¦ 4 89fe
New York Exchange, sight — 12^4
New York Exchange, telegraph., — 15
Silver, per ounce ¦ — 6S$J
Mexican Dollars, nominal MY 3 @ 50
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT— The foreign . markets were weak
and sluggish. The world's shipments for the
week were. as follows >( .in quarters: Russian,
1C3,000; Danubian, 9000; Argentine. 30,000; In
dian, , 64,000: Australian, 47,000. Paris dealers
estimated the French crop at about 300,000,000
bushels, and said that the damage to the crop
by the recent thunderstorms was not serious, i
The American visible supply decreased 1,105.
000 bushels. Chicago was easier, owing to
lower cables and considerable liquidation.
There' was no speculative support. There was
no rain of any consequence in the West, and
warmer weather in the Southwest "was pre
dicted.
This market was weak and quiet, with a de
cline In futures.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, 90U@07Hc; milling,
9S%c@$l 02'^ per ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal . Session — 9:15 o'clock — No call.
Second Session — No call.
•Regular Morning Session— December— 14,000
ctls, 99%c; May— 2000, $1 04'4; 2000, $104%,
Afternoon Session— December— 8000 ctls, 99%c.
BARLEY— Feed continued dull, with moder
ate offerings. Shipping Barley continued : In
demand for Europe.
. Feed, 72i£c for choice bright. 70@71%q for No.
1 and 67%@6S%c for off grades; Brewing and
Shipping grades. 75@S2V4c; Chevalier, nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— No call.
Second Session— No call.
•• Regular Morning Session— No sales. •
Afternoon Session — No sales.
• OATS— Reports from the East are unfavor
able. The last Government report indicated a
crop shortage of 100,000,000 bushels, and owing
to the hot and dry weather in the Oat States
it Is expected . that the next report will still
further increase the deficiency. St. Louis re
ports that the country is buying Oats and Corn
on hot and dry weather damage. .
This market continues -Sluggish, with a ten
dency toward still lower prices. White, $1 35@
1 45; Surprise, $1 50@l 55; Red, $1 05@l 15;
Black. $1 10@l 20 per ctl. !
CORN— Prices have been still further ad
vanced In sympathy with very strong Eastern
markets. The West Is still suffering from hot
and dry weather, the Southwest is buying Oats
and Corn, and a leading Missouri Pacific official
says that even with rain Kansas cannot make
over half a crop of Corn, and that without it
the crop will be a failure. Small round Yellow,
$1 50; Eastern Yellow, $13214; White, $1 37U@
1 40: Mixed, $1 27%@1 30. " ¦¦¦- ' .
RYE— 7o@80c per ctl. . '
."BUCKWHEAT— Is quoted at $1 65 per ctl, ex
warehouse. ¦
Flour and Millstuffs. ¦ '
FLOUR— California . Family extras, $3 25©
3 60,, usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $3 15@3 25;
Oregon, - $2 60@2 75 per barrel for family j and
$2 75@3 for bakers' ; Washington bakers', ¦ $2 75
@3.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: :'¦ Graham
Flour, $3. per 100 "lbs; Rye Flour,: $2 75; Rye
Meal, $2 50; Rice Fhair, $7; Corn Meal, $3; ex
tra cream do, $3 75; Oat Groats, $4 75; Hominy
$3 75®4; Buckwheat Flour. J4©4 25 ;• Cracked
Wheat, $3 50; \ Farina, $4 50; "Whole Wheat
Flour, $3 25; Rolled . Oats < (barrels), $6 35@7 85;
In sacks, $6@7 50; Pearl Barley, $5; Split Peas,
$5; Green. Peas, 1 $6 50 per 100 lbs. ;
. Hay and Feedstuffs. .
Receipts of Hay during the. past' seventy-two
'',"..¦ ••. - .¦¦.¦'.-
hours amount to something over 1000 tons. The
market shows no further change, choice grades
being quoted very firm and the common and
lower grades very weak. There Is nothing new
In Feedstuffs.- .•••-¦..••' ,
BKAN-J17 50© IS §0 per . ton.
MIDDLINGS— $19 5O@Z1 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. $16 60@17 50
per ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, $25(326; Job
bing $26 50; Cocoanut Cake, $17018; Corn Meal,
$28@29: Cracked Corn, $28 50@29 50; Mixed Feed,
$16 50@17 60.
HAY— New is quotable as follows: Wheat,
IS 50@10; choice, $10 50; Wheat and Oat, $S@10;
Oat ?7 60@9; Barley and Oat, $7@8 60; Alfalfa,
$7@9; Clover, $5@6 per ton; Volunteer, $4@7 GO.
STRAW 7 — 25@47V£c per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
The market continues neglected and un
changed.
BEANS— Bayos, $2 45@2 60; Small White, $4 75
@4 90; Large White, $3 70@3 90; Pink. $1 40®
1 70; Red, ?3@3 25; Blackeye, $3 10@3 25; LImas,
$6 40; Peas, nominal: Red Kidney. $4 75 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal: Yellow
Mustard, nominal; Flax. J2 50@3; Canary, 3Vi@
3%c for Eastern;- Alfalfa, nominal; Rape, 24P
2%c; Hemp, 3',4c; Timothy, 6 Vic
DRIED PEAS— Niles, $1 60 per ctl.".
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Reports from the Western States say that the
Potato crop has been damaged by the secent
dry and hot weather. This market Is steady,
with a slight advance | In Burbanks. - Onions
stand" about the same.
Heavy arrivals of Tomatoes from Vacavllle
and Winters depressed this description^ yester
day.
Cucumbers from Marysville have about
ceased. Corn is Bteady, with merely fair ar
rivals. Otherwise Vegetables show little
change. ¦ .
POTATOES— New Potatoes, 75c<f?Jl 10 In sacks
and 90c@$l 60 In boxes for Burbanks, $1 for
Garnet Chiles and S0c@$l for Early Rose.
ONIONS— New Red, 35@50c per sack; New
Yellow, SOtg^Oc. ->¦. ' -¦ ¦ '
VEGETABLES— Rhubarb, 25@50c per box;
Asparagus, $1 75@2 for large, $1 25®1 50 per
box for No. 1 and 50c@$l for No. 2; Green Peas,
65c@$l 25 per sack; String Beans, lV4@4c; Cab
bage. 40@50c per ctl; Tomatoes, from Los An
geles, B0@65c; from Winters,- 23@60c; Rivers,
in large boxes, $1@1 75; Dried Peppers, 12®
18c; Dry Okra, 15@20c per lb; Green Okra, ;
Carrots, 25@35c per sack; Marysville Cucum
bers, 50@65c per box; Winters, 65c; Bay, $1®
1 50; Garlic, 2@3c; Green Peppers, 50@75c per
box for Chile and 75c® $1 for Bell; Egg Plant,
5@Sc per lb; Green Corn, 75c@$l per sack; Bay
do, $1@1 40 per crate; Summer Squash, large
boxes, 25@40c.
Poultry and Game.
The market was dull and nominal. A. car
came In from the East.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 8@10c for Gobblers
and 8@10c for Hens; Geese, per pair, $1@1 25;
Goslings, $1@1 25; Ducks, $2 E0@3 50 for old and
$3 50@5 for young; Hens, $3@4 SO; young Roost
ers, $6@7 50; old Roosters, $3@4; Fryers. $4@
5; Broilers, $3@4 for large and $2@2 50 for
small; Pigeons. $1 50@l 75 per dozen for old and
?1 50@l 75 for Squabs.
GAME— Hare. $1 50; Rabbits, $1 50 for Cot
tontail and ?1 25 for Brush.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Quotations for fancy creamery Butter have
again beeen advanced In the open market, and
this grade is quoted very firm, both on and off
the Exchange. The other grades are in fair
supply and steady. The firmness in cream
eries is said to be due to increasing- orders
from the Interior.
Eastern Cheese was lower on the Exchange,
but all other descriptions were unchanged.
Fine ranch Eggs continued firm, and 17c was
again quoted, though there was no real scar
city. Store Eggs ruled easy, and were In
ample supply.
Receipts were 53,100 pounds and 301 tubs of
Butter, 852 cases of Eggs, cases Eastern
Eggs, 6350 pounds of California Cheese.
OPEN MARKET QUOTATIONS.
BUTTER— Creamery, 19@19%c per lb for
fancy and 18c for seconds; dairy, 14@17&c
per lb. - .
CHEESE— New, 8@9c; old, nominal; Young
Americas. 9@10c per lb.
EGGS — Ranch, 15@17c for good to fancy;
store, 12 I / £'fJJ4c per dozen.
DAIRY EXCHANGE QUOTATIONS.
BUTTER—
Creamery— Extras, 18c; firsts, 17c; seconds,
Dairy — Extras, 17c ; firsts, 15c; seconds, 14c;
store, 13c.
CHEESE— Fancy, full cream, S%c; choice. 8c;
common, nominal; Young Americas, 9c; East
ern, full cream, 13@15c per lb.
EGGS—
California Ranch— Selected white, 16c; mixed
colors, 14c per dozen.
California Gathered— Selected, W^c; standard,
12V6c; seconds, .
Eastern — Standard, 14c per dozen.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Receipts of fresh fruit were not excessive and
the market continued cteady. Arrivals of Ap
ricots were light and some dealers received
none at all. The usual glut In fruit about the
Fourth of July seems to be missing- this year,
and little talk of dumping is heard. At the
same time there is no scarcity of anything.
Grapes and Melons are slow in coming for
ward, and good sound Peaches are not very
plentiful. Figs continue firm, though receipts
are somewhat larger.
Limes continue scarce, though ! additional
supplies are expected to-day.
DECIDUOUS FRUI.TS.
APPLES-New, 40c@*l 25 per large box and
20@25c per basket.
APRICOTS— 25@60c per box, 35@60c per crate:
In, .bulk, $10@15 per ton for small and $20025
for large. r
CRABAPPLES— 30c per small and $1 per
large box. ._ , .
PLUMS— 25@G0c per box and 30@40c per bas
ket: Prune's, 3J@60e per crate and 30&.5UC per
basket.
PEACHES— 25@30c per box and 2a@40c per
basket for early common and 40@60c per- box
and 40@»0c per basket for Crawfords. • ¦
NECTARINES— White, 40<g50c per box; Red,
*l(gl 15.
PEARS— Dearborn Seedlings, 30@C0c per box;
Bartletts, S3c@$l 25 per 'box.
STRAWBERRIES— $3@5 per chest for Long
worths and $3@4 for large berries.
LOGAN BERRIES— $4@6 per chest.
BLACKBERRIES— $3@i per chest.
RASPBERRIES— $4<£>6 per chest.
CURRANTS— $2@4 75 per chest.
FIGS — Black, 50c per box for single and 6oc
@$1 for double layers; "White, 35@65c.
MELONS— Nutmegs, 75c@$l per crate for
Yuma and $2 50@3 for Indio; Cantaloupes, $1 75
@2 per half crate.
GRAPES— Seedless and Black, from Arizona,
$1@1 6u per crate: Fontainbleau, from Vaca
ville, 75c<g$l per box.
CITRUS FRUITS— Seedlings, 50c@W 25; Medi
terranean Sweets, 50c@$l 25; Valenclas, $1 500
2 CO;. St. Michaels, $1@1 75; Lemons. 75c©$l 25
for common and $1 50@2 50 for good to choice;
Grape Fruit. 50c® $1 50: Mexican Limes, $7;
Bananas, $1@2 per bunch for New Orleans and
73c@$2 for Honolulu; Pineapples, $1 60S 2 SO per
dozen. - ¦
Dried Fruits,- Nuts and Raisins.
Previous prices rule for all descriptions.
| FRUITS— Apricots, 8® 9c for new; Evaporat
ed Apples, 5Vi@6c; sun dried, VA-l&Z'/ic; Peaches.
3^@4c for standard, 4t£@5V£c for choice and
6<&6!£c for fancy; Pears, 2@7c; Plums, pitted,
3@4c; unpitted, %@l>/ic; Nectarines, 4@4' / ?c for
red and 4@5c for white.
PRUNES— 4 sizes, 3c; 40-50s, 6%c; 50-60s, 4Vlc;
60-70S. 3%c; 70-80s, 3%c; 80-90s, 2%c; 90-100s 2V*c;
100-120S. lV£c.
RAISINS— The Raisin Growers' Association
has established the following prices: Bleached
Thompson's fancy, 12c per lb; choice, lie;
standard. 10c ; prime, 9c; unbleached Thomp
son's, 9c per lb. Sultanas — Fancy, 10Uc per lb;
choice, 9*4c; standard, 8%c; prime, 8c; un
bleached Sultanas, Sc; Seedless, 50-lb boxes,
6V4C; 4-crown, • 7c; 3-crown, 6%c; 2-crown, 6c;
Pacific brand — 2-crown. 5c; 3-crown. 5V4c, and
4-crown, 5Hc; seeded (Fresno prices), 5%c; Lon
don Layers, 2-crown, $1 50 per box; 3-crown,
$160; Fancy Clusters, $2; Dehesa. $2 50; Im
perials, $3. All prices f. o. b. at common ship
ping points in California.
NUTS— "Walnuts, No. 1' softsheil, ll@lli£c;
No 2, 8@8%c; No. 1 hardshell, 10@10',$c; No. 2,
6%@7V4c; Almonds, 13@14c for paper-shell, ¦ 10
@llc for softshell and 5@6c for hardshell; Pea
nuts, 5@6c for Eastern; Brazil Nuts. ll@lli£c;
Filberts, 12@12'/4c; Pecans, ll@13c; Cocoanuts,
?3 50@5. ¦ • : • '
HONEY— Comb, 10@llc for bright and 9@9^4c.
for light amber; water white extracted. 5@5\ic;
light amber extracted. 4@4V£c; dark, 3'£c.
BEESWAX— 25@28c per lb.
Provisions.
Quotations remain without variation.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, 12c per lb for heavy,
12%c for light medium, 13Hc for light, 14V5c for
extra light and 15%c for sugar-cured; Eastern
sugar-cured Hams. 13%@14c; California Hams
13c; Mess Beef. $12 per bbl; extra Mess $12 50-
Family, $13 50; prime Mess Pork, $15; extra
clear, .$23; Mess, $19 ; Smoked ' Beef. 13%@n o
P 1lARD— Tierces quoted at 6%c per lb for com
pound and lOVfcc for pure; half-barrels, pure
10%c- 10-lb tins, llUc; 5-lb tins, ll%c.
COTTOLENE— One half-barrel, 9%c; three
half-barrels. SUc: one tierce, 9Hc; two tierces
9c; five tierces, 8%c per lb.
Hides/ Tallozv; Wool and Hops.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about lV4c ; under, quotations. Heavy salted
Steers, lO^OUc; medium, 9@10c; light. S"i@9 C -
Cow Hides, 8%@9Hc for heavy and 8Vl@9c for
light: Stags, 6V4c: Salted Kip, 9V£c; Salted Veal
SV><3>10c: Salted Calf. 10c; Dry Hides. 16Vic'
Culls, 14c; Dry Kip. 16c; Dry Calf. 17@isc :
Culls and Brands, 14@15c; Sheepskins shear
lings, ' 15@30c each; Bhort Wool. S0@i0c each •
medium,: 60@75c: long Wool, 80c@$l each; Horse
Hides. ¦¦ salt. ; $2 50(53 75 for r. large ¦ and $2©' *s
for .medium; $1 50@l 75 for small and 60c for
Colts; Horse Hides, dry, $1 75 for large. $1 50 for
medium, U 25 for small and 60c for Colts. Deer
skins—Summer, or red skins, 33c; fall or me-
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JULY 9, 1901.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
8
EASTERN MARKETS.
Nezv York Grain and Produce.
Chicago Grain Market.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Foreign Futures.
STOCK MARKET.
E
TATZOXS.
a
o
3
t
s g a
*=* kS~ O^-
Ilii^l
: 3 : 3 f. 3
03
?3
2°
Astoria .,
Baker ...
Carson ..
Eureka . .
Fresno ...
Flagstaff
Focatello.
Independe
I -os Ange
Phoenix ..
Portland
Red Bluff
Roseburjr
Sacra men
I^ake
San Fram
Ban Luis
Ban Megi
Seattle ...
Hpokane .
Neah p?a:
Walla W'l
Wlnnemui
Yuma ...
'id
les
to .
:fsc
Ob
3 .,
ilia
rca
30.18 62 BO KW Pt.Cldy .00
29.86 TS 50 NE Clear .00
29.S4 82 48 W Clear .00
30.06 58 50 XW Clear .00
29.72 9S 60 MV Clear .CO
23.90 SS 50 S Pt.Cldj'CT.)
29.64 92 62 SW Pt.Cldy .00
! ... 29. CS S2 6S SE Clear .00
.... 29.72 P2 66 Clear .00
23.60 112 80 S Cloudy .00
30.16 64 E4 KW Cloudy .00
23.74 9S 64 S Clear .00
30.06 68 62 XW Clear ."0
29.76 P2 64 SW Clear .00
29.64 96 78 SE Cloudy .00
o .. 29. SS 60 48 SW Clear .00
ispo 29.S6 70 50 W Clear .00
29.74 72 62 W Clear .00
30.16 64 48 E Cloudy .00
29.86 80 58 SW Clear .00
30.16 €2 SO W Clear .00
... 29.88 SJ M SW Clear (T.)
.... 2S.6S SS 58 W Clear .00
23.56 112 78 S Clear .00
•e 7 a. m., 50 decrees.
STATIONS
.SEC
<-=» Hrr o?
~ C . £ — O
: 5 : s 2,3
O3
5a
la
: f
Janta Maria ..
•zn Jose ,
'ertura
lollister
?alermo
Capa
... 70 B» Clear .00
... 84 66 X Clear .00
... 72 53 Clear .00
... 75 41 Clear .00
...99 59 Var Pt.Cldy .00
...76 43 N Clear .00
E
TATZOXS.
a
o
3
t
s g a
*=* kS~ O^-
Ilii^l
: 3 : 3 f. 3
03
?3
2°
Astoria .,
Baker ...
Carson ..
Eureka . .
Fresno ...
Flagstaff
Focatello.
Independe
I -os Ange
Phoenix ..
Portland
Red Bluff
Roseburjr
Sacra men
I^ake
San Fram
Ban Luis
Ban Megi
Seattle ...
Hpokane .
Neah p?a:
Walla W'l
Wlnnemui
Yuma ...
'id
les
to .
:fsc
Ob
3 .,
ilia
rca
30.18 62 BO KW Pt.Cldy .00
29.86 TS 50 NE Clear .00
29.S4 82 48 W Clear .00
30.06 58 50 XW Clear .00
29.72 9S 60 MV Clear .CO
23.90 SS 50 S Pt.Cldj'CT.)
29.64 92 62 SW Pt.Cldy .00
! ... 29. CS S2 6S SE Clear .00
.... 29.72 P2 66 Clear .00
23.60 112 80 S Cloudy .00
30.16 64 E4 KW Cloudy .00
23.74 9S 64 S Clear .00
30.06 68 62 XW Clear ."0
29.76 P2 64 SW Clear .00
29.64 96 78 SE Cloudy .00
o .. 29. SS 60 48 SW Clear .00
ispo 29.S6 70 50 W Clear .00
29.74 72 62 W Clear .00
30.16 64 48 E Cloudy .00
29.86 80 58 SW Clear .00
30.16 €2 SO W Clear .00
... 29.88 SJ M SW Clear (T.)
.... 2S.6S SS 58 W Clear .00
23.56 112 78 S Clear .00
•e 7 a. m., 50 decrees.
STATIONS
.SEC
<-=» Hrr o?
~ C . £ — O
: 5 : s 2,3
O3
5a
la
: f
Janta Maria ..
•zn Jose ,
'ertura
lollister
?alermo
Capa
... 70 B» Clear .00
... 84 66 X Clear .00
... 72 53 Clear .00
... 75 41 Clear .00
...99 59 Var Pt.Cldy .00
...76 43 N Clear .00
AUCTION SALES
£*GREAT SP.EED SALE^
NEXT THURSDAY, Jolyl!,
50 TROTTERS? PACERS,
CARRIAGE and SADDLE
. HORSES
Will be sold at auction at th©
OCCIDENTAL HORSE EXCHANGE.
721 HOWARD ST.. near Third. S. F.
ET This Is the finest lot of. young, handsome,
well-bred and well-trained standard horses eyer
sent from the celebrated OAKWOOD PARK
STOCK FARM. Danville, Cal. (John F. Boyd,
Proprietor), and are by such famous sires as
Stelnway 2:25%. Chas. Derby 2:20. El Benton
2:23. Don L 2:28%. etc. Any one in need of a
flrst-classi gentle horse for business or pleas-
ure a stylish carriage horse, a well-reined sa.l-
dler or a standard-bred stallion or mare should
attend this sale. For form. size, style. breed-
Ing, color disposition, training or speed no
better has heretofore been offered In this city.
Catalogues ready. Horses at salesyard.
WM. G. LAYNO. Livestock Auctioneer.SOME OF THE LADIES WHO ARE
INTERESTED IN THE REST COT
TAGE PLAN.
Peters. '
Robert Borrisch, a Paciflc-street cigar
dealer, was held up by five young fellows
on Webb street, a small thoroughfare
between Kearny and Montgomery street3,
near California, shortly after midnight.
The robbers emptied his pockets of every
thing tney contained.
Borrisch's shout3 attracted the attention
of Policeman Peters and Special Officer
Harris, who phased after the gang-. They
ran down Kearny street, and at Sacra
mento street separated. Officer Peters
pursued a lone thief, who ran up Sacra
mento street, while Harris kept after the
other four.
Peters gained on the culprit and finally
fired a shot in the air from his revolver,
which brought the thief to a halt. H©
was taken to the City Prison and charged
-with robbery. He gave the name of Vin
cent Mohr and his residence at 208 Town
send street.
When arrested Mohr attempted to hide
a watch about his person, but was pre
vented. At the prison it waa identified by
Borrisch a3 his property.
One of the Thieves Is Captured After
a Long Chase" by Policeman
FIVE YOUNG MEN HOLD
TJTP BOBEB.T BORBISCH
In view of his approaching departure
for Boston, whither he goes on the 30th
of this month, Dr. H. J. Stewart was ten
dered a banquet last night at the Bohe
mian Club. The delightful affair took
place in the Red room, which waa lav
ishly decorated for the occasion. The
tables and walls were decked with red
carnations interspersed with verdant
ferns. More than forty guests gathered
around the festal board and wit and jol
lity flowed unconflned until a late hour.
A cartoon, wrought by Gordon Ross, and
representing the guest of honor arriving
among the sages of the Hub. waa pre
sented to Dr. Stewart as a memento of
the feast.
Among the prominent club members
•who were present and some of the friends
of Mr. Stewart who responded to toasts
were:. Professor Barret Windell, Profes
sor Stephens of Cornell, President Frank
Deeriug. General W. H. L. Barnes. Sam
uel Z>. Mayer, Colonel Isaac Trumbo, Ed
gar Peixotto, "W. F. Goad, F. A. Green
wood, Dr. Julius Rosenstirn, George T.
Bromley, Dr. Benjamin Swan, Donald de
V. Graham, Dr. Kussell Cool and A. Ger
berdtng.
MEttLBEHS OF BOHEMIAN
CLXTB^ FEAST H. J. STEWART
Banquet Given in His Honor in
View of His Departure for
Boston.
Mrs. Craven was asked whether she was
going to continue fighting the cas>e if a
settlement was not reached. "I have al
ways been a friend to the Fair children,"
she said. "Both sides have learned by this
time that litigation is expensive, but If
they press me to go Into' court for a sec
ond trial I will spare no one. I- will intro
duce pew witnesses and evidence will be
introduced by others that will be startling
to the other side. I hope the children will
save the Senator's money by not continu
ing the litigation."
"I will neither deny nor affirm the story
that Senator Fair adopted a child. I have
already stated on the witness stand that
Senator Fair had no child by me, nor did
both of us adopt a child. When Mr. Pier
son asked me on the witness stand wheth
er the Senator nad adopted a child my at
torneys objected to the question and the
court sustained the objection. On the ad
vice of my attorneys I will have to be ex
cused from answering your question."
There was some discussion as to the
value of the North Beach water lots and
other holdings of the deceased, after
which an adjournment waa taken until
this morning.
In regard to the statement that a brand
new heir was to be produced to claim the
Fair millions, Mrs. Craven said last night:
Pence then became silent and Judge
Troutt ordered that the hearing of the
application of Theresa A. Oelrichs, Vir
ginia Vanderbllt and Charles I*. Fair for
distribution to them of the personal prop
erty of decedent's estate proceed. Charles
Neil, manager of the Fair estate, was
called to the stand to testify as to the
value of the property in question and the
amount of the income therefrom since the
death of James G. Fair. He said that the
rents bad amounted to $1,370,000 and the
sale of personal property, including
wheat, brought in J3.580.000.
Then for the evident purpose of proving
the claim of the attorneys that the estate
had increased in value till It is now worth
$17,000,000 Mr. Neil testified that stock \n
the Monongahela River Railway Com
pany, which ¦was appraised for $240, had
been sold for $60,000, and that the Harts
horn block, which was inventoried at $17,
600, had been sold for $45,000.
As counsel representing the executors of
the deceased millionaire's will are anxious
that the court pass upon their petition for
attorney fees, thi3 statement caused them
dismay. Attorney Lafe Pence, represent
ing Mrs. Craven, stated that the last trial
occupied ninety days, and that as he had
become possessed of additional evidence
the coming hearing would take, more time
than the former. Pence asked that a day
be set for the beginning of the siege, but
the court put the matter over for reflec
tion.
Counsel representing Mrs. Kettle R.
Craven announced in Judge Troutt's court
yesterday, that they would require more
than three months to present their proofs
that Mrs. Craven Is entitled to share in
the final distribution of the estate of the
late James G. Fair— that she Is entitled to
the widow's portion.
Mrs. Graven Intimates That
Heirs Would Better
Compromise.
Counsel Say They Have
Discovered New
Evidence.
MORE TESTIMONY
FOR MRS. CRAVEN
LONDON, July 9.— The Times publishes
the following, dated June 28, from Ger
oguby, in the Samoli country. .; ¦ , .- ,:
t'The ' Abyssinian, army,, campaigning
against the Mad Mullah, has failed to
find him. Provisions have been exhaust
ed and the : troops i are now eating ¦:; the
camels and other transport animals.- Un
less food. is procured. in a few days many
must starve to death. ¦
Abyssinian Army in Bad Strait.
All of the real estate of, the estates of
the late Jackson G. Crooks, the late Mat
thew J. Crooks and the late Susan Crooks
has been sold and the proceeds of the sale
ordered distributed 'among their devisees
and legatees, counsel and creditors.
¦Under the decree of the court the pro
ceeds of the sale were placed in the treas
ury, and Chief Deputy County Clerk Jo
seph Goddard Is now - distributing the
same among the owners. Following Is the
court's order for the distribution of the
oroceeds: To Margaret J. Morffew, $16,
307 P 85; to Ida .Olive Hodgon. $16,307 85; to
Susan Smith. '$7674 27; V to Beatrice >M.
Crooks. $«58 39; to Beatrice M. Crooks^as
the guardian of Helen Irene Crooks.
$2158 39; to Jonathan J. Crooks, $1086 36; to
Thomas A. Keogh as trustee for Robert
Lee-Crooks,-. 17547 20; to Mary E. Hughes
as executrix of. the will of John Smith.
$2668 39? to Frederick W. Boole. $1620 50; to
the Hibernia • Savings and Loan Society,
$6465 83; to Lloyd & Wood. $984203- to Mul
lany, Grant & Cushing, $38,209 4-1. being
the amount due to Thomas Ambrose on a
mortgage executed to him by Robert Lee
Crooks et al.; to Florence Adele Brown,
$867 02; to Florence Adeie Brown as trus
tee for Jackson Bias Crooks. $867 02; to
Jeremiah F. Sullivan. $150; to .Annie- T.
Crooks,- $2008 3$;- to Samuel R. Crooks as
guardian of ; the persons . and estates or
Katherine Crooks and Ralph R. Crooks,
$4316 78; to Christian Strobel. $1045 P 2.-The
sum of $16,307.86 due to Jonathan J. Crooks
is, with his consent,, withheld until the
further. order of court.
Devisees and. Legatees, Counsel and
Creditors Enriched by Distribu
.- , tion of Proceeds.
CROOKS ESTATE REALTY •
SOLD BY ORDER OF COURT
Palo Alto. After the ceremony the wed
ding guests sat down to supper and th<
health of the bridal couple was toasted ii
bumpers 'of wine.
The marriage was the sequel to an en
gagement that dated back to the time
both physicians were students at the Cal
ifornia Medical College. They were class
mates and studied lessons of love while
preparing for their future profession. On
graduation the bride continued her stu
dies under the supervision of her father,
Dr. J. W. Hamilton, a well-known physi
cian of this city. Sho is an accomplished
young woman and will be of great assist
ance to her husband in the practice of
medicine.
Dr. Higgins, although comparatively a
young man, has had quite an experience
as a physician. He has been practicing
at Cambria, San Luis Oblspo County, for
the past year. Previous to taking up his
residence In that town he was in the
United States Army Medical Corps, at
tached to the Eighth Army Division. He
did good work in the hospitals at Manila
and also saw service on the firing line.
His parents are residents of Contra Costa
County and are highly esteemed.
Dr. and Mrs. Higgins will leave shortly
for Cambria, where they will reside. They
were the ' recipients of many handsome
gifts. * *
ARGUMENT IN MARIPOSA
WATER CASE IS OPENED
The final arguments in the action insti
tuted by John R. Hite against the Madera
Canal and Irrigation Company, an action
involving millions, were opened in this
city yesterday morning before Judge John
M. Corcoran of Mariposa, sitting- in Judge
Kerrigan's department of the Superior-
Court; The point in issue Is the right to
the use of the water of a small creek that
flows into the south fork of the Merced
River, high up in the Mariposa Moun
tains.
Behind the plaintiff, Hlte. Is the Qrock
er-Huffman Land and Water Company,
which controls a large body of arable
land, where the water is needed for irri
gation. On the other side is the Madera
Canal and Irrigation Company and the
Madera Sugar Pine Lumber Company,
operating large sawmills and distributing
water for the irrigation of thousands of
acres of land in Madera County. On be
half of the plaintiff it is claimed that
since- 1863 up to the present day Hite has
been a riparian owner.
The testimony in the case was taken in
Mariposa County and was transferred to
this city for argument on motion of coun
sel, who wanted to be In reach of the
many big law libraries in the city. James
F. Peck of Merced opened the argument
on behalf of the plaintiff and continued
up to the hour of adjournment. It is ex
pected that two weeks will be occupied in
the arguments.
SIX-YEAB-OLD BOY IS *
DROWNED IN CHANNEL
Milton Kamlafie, the 6-year-old son of
Fred Kamlade, a teamster, residing at 436
Gilbert street, was drowned at Seventh
and Channel streets last evening. The
body was recovered an hour after the ac
cident and taken to the Morgue.
Young Kamlade was playing In com
pany with two other boys on a large
water pipe thai runs parallel with the
bridge when he lost his footing and fell
into the stream. The alarm was quickly
given, but the boy's body had sunk from
sight before help arrived.
The body was recovered by means of
grappling irons by four men who live in
the vicinity.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,'
* 1118 Broadway, July 8.
Edna Wallace Hopper left this morning
for New York, where she will make her
plans for the future. All of the plan3
upon which- she had been working were
dropped when she heard of the sickness
cf her mother at her San Leandro home,
and it will take the little actress some
time to dfcclde exactly what she will do
for the' future.- She, Is far from strong,
the: death 'of. her mother having been a
great shock to her.
When the serious sickness of Mrs.
Dunsmulr was telegraphed East ; Edna
Wallace Hopper was playing with the
Floradora Company in New York City.
She at once canceled all of her engage
ments and started for California. While
on her way Mrs. Dunsmuir died.
The sudden death of her mother pros
trated the daughter, and after the funeral
she was under a physician's care at the
beautiful San Leandro home for many
days. As soon as she recovered sum
ciently to permit her to travel she deter
mined to make her way East, plans ov
no plans. All that she wanted to do was
td get away from the home ¦where her
mother had died. Everything about the
place had been built under her mothers
direction and everything reminded me
actress of her mother. The strain was
fio great upon her and she decided to
le f ave to-day, even though she was not
| thoroughly able .to travel.
"I have no plans," she said, as she was
preparing to leave. *'l am simply trying
to Bet away from all of this that reminds
me so much of my mother without her
presence, j Everything about here was the
Idea of my mother, and she has gone.
Why should I stay here? When I get to
New York and have recovered sufficiently
I will make up my mind what- 1 will do.
I wi! 1 probably go back to my life work,
for it i< all that is left to me. I will not
retire from the stage." ; b
The Little Actress Will
Not Retire From
the Stage.
EDNA WALLACE
RETURNS EAST
R. M. V. HIGGINS and Dr. Vera
Hamilton were united in mar
riage last evening in the parlors
of the Windsor Hotel. The cere
mony was performed by Rev. Dr.
Sanford of St. John's Church. Only the
parents, and intimate friends of the young
couple were present, the wedding being
strictly private.
The bride wore a beautiful gown of
white crepe de chine and her head was
adorned with a bridal veil. Miss Agnes
Fahey acted as maid of honor and the
groom was attended by Dr. G. E. Hall of
PRINCIPALS IN. A PRETTY WED
DING LAST NIGHT AT THE
WINDSOR HOTEL.
Some thoughts, started by reading an article
with the above title in Nature, in 1898. by
Horace Brown, and Jotted down at that time
but laid aside, I have thought might perhaps
interest the readers of science, especially as the
subject continues to be agitated.
Heretofore in cases of dormant life, as in
seeds kept for years, perhaps centuries, or In
desiccated infusoria, etc., in which under fa
vorable conditions active iire is revived, it has
been supposed that very slow metabolic
changes still go on during the state of dor
mancy—life is supposed to be feeble but not ex
tinct The same wa* supposed to be the case in
seeds or bacteria exposed to intense cold of
—180 degrees to— 200 degrees, C, but Pictet or
even _250 degrees by Dewar. . >
But it Js now proved that at this tempera
ture chemical affinity is destroyed, and all
chemical changes arrested, and therefore the
chemical changes characteristic of life—meta
bolism—also must cease. But with the return
of heat, they revive. Therefore, in this case,
life seems to spring spontaneously from dead
matter. Must we then revive the old doctrine
of spontaneous generation? If not we must
change or greatly modify our conceptions of
From such experiments It Is evident that, al
though life ie, Indeed, a distinct form of energy,
yet its nearest alliance is with chemism. For
as chemism Is completely destroyed by extreme
cold and again revived by heat, so life may T>e
completely arrested by cold and" again revived
by heat — If the molecular structure character
istic of living protoplasm (whatever that may
be) remains unchanged.
What then Is the necessary condition of life —
or. to put it more clearly, what is the difference
between dead protoplasm and living protoplasm
or rather protoplasm capable of Ufe? Evidently
it is not a difference in chemical composition,
for no change in this regard takes place in the
act of death. It is, I suppose, a difference 'in
molecular arrangement — a difference- in allo
tropic condition. As the necessary condition of
chemical properties is a certain equivalent
composition, eo the necessary condition of vital
properties Is, in addition, a certain molecular
constitution. But as equivalent composition
may remain, even though chemical activity be
absent, so also the peculiar molecular constitu
tion characteristic of life may remain, - even
though life— I. e., active life-be absent. Ab
the chemism may be completely destroyed by
cold and revived by heat, if the necessary con
dition, viz., a certain equivalent composition,
remains: eo life may be completely destroyed
by cold and again revived by heat if eo be the
necessary condition— a certain molecular con
stitution remains. _ . . ,: . . :
Again, Mr. Brown In the article referred to
savs that Spencer's definition of life, viz.: "a
continuous adjustment of internal to' external
conditions," must be, revived, since it applies
only to active life, and not to suspended life.
I think not. Life in the true sense, i. e.,
actual life, .must be active— the essential nature
of life, as of all energy, is activity; but there
Is a necessary underlying? condition, 1. e. a
peculiar molecular constitution, which may De
called potential life. As equivalent composition
is potential chemism, which may under certain
conditions become actual chemism,. so a pecu
liar - molecular constitution . of protoplasm Is
potential life, , which may under certain con
ditions become actual life.. Death is not merely
an extinction of life, I. e., actual life, but
also the destruction of the necessary condition
of life. i. e.. the characteristic molecular struc
ture of protoplasm. i Extinction of life. ¦' there
fore Is not necessarily death. There are there
fore three conditions of protoplasm, viz. : (i)
living, a condition in which life Is actual 1 (2)
potentially living. In ' which the necessary
molecular constitution or vital constitution is
present; and (3) dead. In which the vital con-"
atltution Is also wanting. •-¦..-.- «
JOSEPH LE CONTE
Berkeley, CaL,- May 24, 1901. -- • ./ .
WHAT IS LIFE?
Strange to say Dr. Le Conte's last pub
lished article was on "What is Life?" It
appeared in "Science," a New York week
ly, in the issue of June 21, of this year.
The article was in the form of a short
communication and was as follows:
Last Published Article.
President Wheeler said to-day that so
far as he knew no attempt would be made
to refill Professor Le Conte's position in
the faculty. Of recent years his work
had been left to his own free will and he
had attended classes only when he chose.
The faculty. In his department is at pres
ent full.
Quiet prevailed at the university to
day. Over the college and college town
where Dr. Le Conte's life work had been
mostly done, a feeling of deep sorrow
holds sway in all minds. The university
flag floated at half mast and at many pri
vate residences the national 1 colors were
displayed in honor of the departed scien
tist. • '
The following telegram was received to
day by President Wheeler:
The president and faculty of the Leland Stan
ford Junior University learn with deep regret
of the death of Professor Joseph Le Conte, and
beg to extend their sympathy to -his family
and to the University of Calirornia.
J. C. BRANNER, Acting President.
An unsigned telegram came also from
the Yosemite Valley as follows:
Students at Yosemite beg to suggest their
beloved friend be laid under Le Conte oak.
J. N. Le Conte, son of the deceased, who
is on his wedding trip in the Kings River
district, has not been heard from. The
messenger who has been sent in is ex
pected to reach him in time for his arri
val in Berkeley to-morrow night or at
the latest, Thursday morning. .
Son Not Yet Heard From.
Dr. Le Conte's body will be removed to
morrow from the parlors of an Oakland
undertaker, where it was placed on its
arrival from the Yosemlte Valley, and
taken to the family residence. . There it
will remain in private until Thursday.
Bishop Nichols and Rev. Mr. Swan will
conduct private services at the family
residence, 2739 Bancroft way, an hour
prior to the public ceremony. Members
of the Le Conte family and a few of their
intimate friends. only will be present. The
body will be laid to rest in Mountain View
cemetery. The. services at the grave will
be private.
According to the present plans at the
close of the public service the body will
lie In state until the assembled friends
have taken a last parting look at the well
known f orin. - • » '
Professor C. L. Cory, a close friend of
the Le Contes, has taken charge of pri
vate arrangements- and is carrying out
the requests of Mrs. Le' Conte. The fol
lowing named are the pall-bearers chosen:
Alu,mni— W. R. Davis and Charles Wheel
er; regents— Judge C. W. Slack and J. B.
Reinstein (former students of -Professor
Le Conte); faculty — Professor A. C. Law
son and Professor W. E. Ritter (from Dr.
Le Conte'S' department), and Professor
Martin Kellogg. Professor E. W. Hilgurd.
Professor George Davidson and Professor
F. G. Hesse; student body — C. E. Fryer
and J. M. Eshleman. ;
Right Rev. "William Ford : Nichols,
Bishop of the California Diocese, assisted
by Rev. George E. Swan, rector of St.
Mark's parish of this city, will conduct
the Episcopal ritual of , the dead. Except
for music by singers as yet unselected
this simple but' beautiful rite will consti
tute the entire service. - •: ¦•¦.-.. '
Services Will Be Simple
Services at which the public may pay
a. last tribute to the beloved scientist will
be held Thursday at- 3 p. m... in Hearst
Hall. With the fact in view that Hearst
Hall may not hold the friends of Dr. Le
Conte who will be able to attend the ser
vices, those in charge may possibly
change the place of gathering to Harmon
Gymnasium, <the largest auditorium in
this city. The date and hour will not be
changed.
BERKELKY, July 8.— General arrange
ments for public funeral services in honor
of the late Joseph Le Conte have been
completed by the faculty committee in
charge. Details are to a certain extent
wanting and there is a possibility that
certain portions of the general plan may
be changed before tha date of the fun
eral. To-morrow should see the arrange
ments definitely completed.
Private Services Will Be Held
at tlie Late Residence
of Deceased. .
Le Con te public Funeral
Will Be Markedly
Simplicity.
WILL BE BURIED
WITH ALL HONORS
In order to obtain a final decision on the
point as to whether or not the right to
contest a will survives the death of the
contestant and can be carried on by the
heirs at law of the contestant an -appeal
to the Supreme Court has been taken,
from the decision handed down by Judge
Sloss denying B. F. Brissac and ¦ Maude
H. Norton the right to continue the con
test instituted by the late Mary A. Hen
arie against the will of the late D. V. B.
Henarie. Judge Burnett of Santa. Rosa
held In the Wickersham case that the
right of contest does not survive the con
testant, but as yet no decision on the
point has been handed down by -the Su
preme Court. -..-:.-.-> ;
Appeal in Henarie Case.
Entries to the regatta will be received
up to 6 p. m. on Wednesday, September
3. The trophy committee consists of S.
S. Marshall. T. J. Kavanaugh, A- C. Lee.
H. M. Landsberger, A. E. Chapman and
A. E. Moody. The regatta committee is
made up of T. J. Kavanausrh, H. A.
Whitelaw. R. R. THommedieu, C. L. Tis
dale, George Warford and a representa
tive of the South Bay Club not yet named.
A meeting of delegates of the Pacific
Inter-club Yacht Association was held
last night at the Merchants' Exchange,
representatives of the San Francisco,
Corinthian and California Yacht clubs
being present. R. R. l'Hommedieu and
A. M. Clay were appointed a committee
to revise the signal code- and bring It up
to date. A. C. Lee. T. J. Kavanaugh and
S. S. Marshall were appointed a commit
tee to secure scows as stakeboats and to
set them in the proper positions on re
gatta day. Orlo Eastwood, secretary of
the association, will look after the print
ing of circulars and tickets. A. B. Palmer
is in charge of the flags and racing num
bers, and T. F. Tracy will control the tug
on race day. A. B. Palmer will look after
the sale of tickets. Postal cards will be
addressed to the members of the yacht
clubs stating that the price of tickets to
the regatta committee's steamer or tho
stakeboats will be $1 apiece. The steamer
will be at the foot of Powell street up to
12 noon on September 9, but those who de
sire to go on one of the stakeboats will
have to be on hand at an earlier hour.
The secretary was instructed to send spe
cial invitations to the judge's boat to
Commodore and Mrs. J. M. Macdonough
and ex-Commodore and Mrs. H. E. L«aw,
donors of the trophies which will be
awarded at the regatta.
Six Classes.
Winning Boats in Each of
YACHTSMEN DISCUSS
THE ANNUAL REGATTA
Silver Trophies Will Be Awarded to
This move places each school upon a
footing entirely independent of the other.
Hitherto the courses were arranged so
that one year of the four required for
high school work was done in the ninth
grade, established at the Central High
School. Then the ninth grade graduates
who desired to complete the high school
work were given the subsequent three
years at the Oakland High School. The
new arrangement Is intended to perpet
uate the former Central High School on
an independent basis and to eliminate the
cause for the criticism which has been
directed against It by past City Councils
in their allotments of funds for support
of the high school. ¦ • .
name of which was changed to the Com
mercial and Polytechnic High School.
Graduates from the eighth grade of the
grammar schools will be permitted to en
ter either high school and to take either
of the courses, commercial or manual
training, that are arranged in the reor
ganized central school.
Mrs. Bertram Hill Takes
First Born and
Flees.
HUSBAND LOOKS
FOR HIS BABY
ALAMEDA, July 8.— Having suddenly
become bereft of his wife and baby
through the machinations of the first
named, Bertram Hill of £707 Central ave
nue advertises that after this day he will
not be responsible for the debts contract
ed by either of them. Hill has been look
ing high and low and. in all manner of
out-of-the-way places since Saturday for
his baby, but so far he has not been able
to strike. a lead that will take him to the
lair of it and the mother, whom he
charges with spiriting it away. Hill says
he doesn't care if his wife' never comes
back, but he wants the baby.
"I don't know what's the matter with
my wife," said Hill this afternoon. "We
didn't have any quarrel at all and we were
getting along fine. So was the baby.
When my wife asked me last Saturday
for car fare to go across the bay to see
her sister I handed it out. and she went.
That's the last I've seen of her.
"When my wife hadn't come home Sun
day I got suspicious. I looked around and
noticed that some of the bric-a-brac was
missing, and I think my ¦wife came back
Saturday while I wasn't home and packed
the articles off with her.
"Later I went to the home of my wife's
sister in San Francisco, but she had not
showed up there, so I made up-.my mind
that she had run away with the baby.
I've been looking all over creation for the
child— walked my feet off, pretty nearly—
but I can't locate it. My wife can stay
away if she wants to, but I -want that
baby back, and I'm going to have it."
Friends of Mrs. Hill say that the Hills
did not get along amicably, and that the
reason she disappeared Is that she pre
ferred to live alone and in peace.
SPRING VALLEY AGREES
; . TO DISMISSAL OF SUIT
Owing to the fact that Judge Seawell
refused to iksue a preliminary injunction
restraining the city and county from en
forcing \ the new water rate the
Valley Water Company has filed a dis
missal of Its action. The dismissal was
without prejudice, however, and it is
probable that upon Judge Seawell's. re
turn to this city after vacation another
suit will be instituted by the company.
The water company's attorneys were not
certain as to what the effect would be In
the event they permitted the suit to stand
on the records and then proceeded to col
lect from consumers under the new rate.
The result was that the company decided
that it was best to dismiss the suit.
The order for dismissal bore -the signa
ture of Attorney M. B. Kellogg. Mr. Kel
logg.refused to say why the case was'dis
missed or what action the company pur
posed taking in the future, but it is a set
tled fact that the company ¦will not. yield
to the provisions of the ordinance estab
lishing the new rate until the same has
been declared valid by. the court of. last
resort. . -. . ,
BOARD NAMES
NEW PRINCIPAL
plainly seen. The altitude makes the sit
uation an extremely healthy one and,
while the cottage is only ten minutes'
walk from the end of the Piedmont car
line, it is still far enough away from the
noise of traffic to be restful. For those
Prize.
James H. Pond of Sacra
mento Captures the
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
111S Broadway, July 8.
James H. Bond, principal of the Sacra
mento High School, was to-night elected
principal cf the Oakland High School by
unanimous vote of the nine members pres
ent, upon the recommendation of the High
School Committee. There was a short
caucus before the open board meeting:,
during which Chairman Fred L. Button
of the High School Committee, whose
choice had been J. Fred Smith of tha
Campbell High School, made a fight for
further delay in the selection of a princi
pal to succeed J. B. McChesney. but a
majority of the board had fixed upon Mr.
Pond, and Chairman Button gave way to
the pressure and gracefully announced
that his committee would present the
name of the Sacramento educator.
Director Evans* choice had been Vice
Principal S. P. Meads of the high school,
but before the caucus was ended. Evans
evuds into line for Pond, who was given
the compliment of a unanimous selection.
Highly Recommended.
The principal-elect won because of the
h?gh recommendations which his friends
presented, and because of the success
which has attended his year's Incumbency
of tne principalshlp at Sacramento, which
has the next largest high school to Oak
land in the State.
Mr. Pond is a graduate of. the Univers
ity of California and has been in State
educational affairs ever since he graduat
ed. He is SS years of age. He is a son of
the Rev. \V. C. Pond, pastor of Bethany
Congregational Church of San Francisco
and one of the pioneer clergymen of Cali
fornia. The principal-elect is a brother
of Dr. H. M. Pond, a well-known physi
cian of Alameda. ,
The members of the Board of Education
who were absent this evening were D.'W.
Robertson, who is in the Kast, and Dr.
Myra Knox, who was called out on pro
fessional duties before the caucus bad
been completed. In presenting Pond's
name to the board. Director Button made
a neat speech, extolling the new man's
ability and fitness and pointing out par
ticularly his age as a strong one jamon$
the reasons which led to bis selection.
Professor Smith who had been the choice
of a majority of'the High School Commit
tee, is 20 years the senior of the success
ful man, a fact which was argued against
him by influential members of the board.
Some Important Changes.
. The board made some important changes
to-night affecting the two high schools.
It adopted a fiat four-year course for the
Oakland High School and provided
courses of two years each in the com
mercial and in the manual training de
partment of the Central High School, the
who do not care to take the walk up the
trail arrangements may be made to drive
to the cottage.
To-morrow the ladles of the Y. "W. C. A.
will give an al fresco luncheon at the
Rest Cottage. Those attending may take
their own basket luncheons and feast un
der the trees in true picnic style or they
may be provided for by the matron in
charge.
The Rest Cottage is already getting to
Board of directors— Mrs. P. D. Browne, Mrs.
W. H. H. Graves, Mrs. D. W.'C. Gasklll, Miss
C. J. Bacon, Mrs. Eliza Wolfenden, Mrs. J. P.
Ames, Mrs. Rees B. Thompson, Mrs. Anson
Barstow, Dr. 'H. P. Van Kirk. Mrs. William
Kirk, Mrs. S. G. Chamberlain.
Mrs. William Kirk (chairman). Mrs. Rees B.
Thompson, Mrs. J.- P. Ames, Mrs. H. C. Cap
well, Mrs. A. C. Henry, Mrs. B. C. Haear,
Mrs. T. Gayteg, Mrs. Goodale, Mrs. Martha
Mrs. W. B. Ewer, Mrs. J. B. Richardson, Miss
Gregory,- Mrs. George D. Gray, Mrs. Eliza
¦\Volfenden, .Mrs. Irving Lewis, Miss Bacon,
M. Brown and Mrs. George Terrell.
The officers of the association are:
President, Mrs. P. D. Brown; first vice presi
dent, Mrs. William Kirk; vice presi
dents — Mrs. A. C. Henry, Mrs. "W. H.
H. Hamilton, Mrs. J. J. Scotchler, Mrs.
George D. Gray. Mrs. C. S. Chamberlain, Mrs
H. E. Stone. Mrs. C. W. Kellogg, Mrs. A
Vandergaw, Mrs. J. M. Merrell, Miss Kdith
Larkey, Miss Mabel T. Gray; recording secre
tary, Mrs. Eliza Wolfenden; financial secretary,
Mrs. Anson Barstow, treasurer, Mrs. Rees b!
Thompson; corresponding secretary. Miss K. e'
Cole.
be a popular resort, many Oakland ladies
going there for a few days .at a time, and
the association feels that the experiment
is an assured success, judging by the
number of letters /that are being daily
received asking for information in regard
to this long needed haven of rest. The
following named ladies form the Rest
Cottage committee and are taking a most
active interest in it: '"
OAKLAND. July 8.— A novel plan
by which self-supporting young
¦women may obtain a summer
cuting at a nominal cost has been
inaugurated by the Oakland
Tour.gr Women's Christian Association.
For several years the ladles of the as
sociation have realized and discussed the
prreat need of some place where a few
weeks' vacation could be enjoyed by •wo
men of limited means at a moderate cost.
As a result of these deliberations a "rest
cottage" has been established. These rest
cottapes have recently been tried in the
Kast with surprising success, but the idea
is still new to California, the Oakland Y.
W. C. A. being the first to make the ex
periment hore.
Mrs. William Kirk, first vice president
of this philanthropic organization and one
of its most active workers, was the first
lo solve the problem of ways and means
and it is mainly through her persistent
efforts that the "rest cottage" is at last
a reality.
Bituated in the midst of a charming
grove of trees on the very summit of the
hills above and beyond Piedmont, the old
I mted States silk culture station has for
several months past stood vacant and al
most abandoned. The building was erect
ed originally to aid women and children
by supplying them with work in the cul
tivation of the silkworm, but the experi
ment was a failure. Now, however, after
the lapse of many years, through the
kindness of \V. B. Ewer, president of the
Board of gilk Culture, the building is be
ing devoted to the cause for which it was
originally intended— that is. for the bene
iit of self-supporting women, the house
and grounds having been leased by the
Young Women's Christian Association
for a "rest cpttajre." The place has been
renovated and fitted up cozily and is now
a comfortable abode of ten large, sunny
rooms.
The view from the cottage is delightful,
Oakland, in its most picturesque aspect,
lying i spread out before the beholder,
while on a clear day San Francisco is also
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, J ULY. 9, 1901.
Novel Method to Insure Summer Outings to Those
Whose Means Are Limited.
TRYING "REST COTTAGE" PLAN
TO AID YOUNG WORKING WOMEN
Hamilton Ends a College Romance.
TWO YOUNG PHYSICIANS
ARE JOINED IN WEDLOCK
Flarriage of Drs. M.^ V. Higgins and Vera
9
A Constitutional Affection. |iij^^»^
. ¦ Sprays, washes, powders, salves, medicated '/^-^^CT^^^^wS^^^v
I tobacco and cigarettes, however long and persistently If.
' ' used, do hot cure Catarrh. They relieve temporarily %W|WAV^\ >Q
the inflammation in the throat and nose, and enable \
you to breathe more easily and freely, but the con- WPpfS«|«KWi(«
tinual rush of impure blood to these parts keeps U£ j»wM^^pY^L
the irritation and ultimately produces ulceration of V\\§^^^ililfc|^ Jr^SzJfJc
the glands, when the breath becomes exceedingly \^^^^xW^^j^^^^^^\
offensive and the soft bones of the nose are freqnently
¦ destroyed. The catarrhal inflammation extends over v^iwL^^^*^***^^^^^©
the entire surface of'the mucous memhrane,«or inner skin ; the stomach, kidneys
and lungs are often involved ; the whole system soon becomes affected by the rapid
absorption of poisonous matter into the blood, and the disease that you had hoped
¦ to cure with simple local remedies, assumes a dangerous form. -» r
" ¦ * / •- ***
I had Catarrh about 15 years, and I had Catarrh so bad was entirely
tried during the time everything: I could deaf in one ear, and all tha inside
hear of, but nothing: did me any srood. of xay nose and part of the bone
' At last I came to the conclusion that sloughed off. The physicians gava
Catarrh must be a blood disease, and me up as incurable. I determined to
decided to giva S. S. S. a trial. I could try S. S. S., and began to improve at
see a littlo improvement from the first onoe. It seemed to get at the seat of
bottle, and continued it three or four the disease, and after a fe-w weeks'
¦ months, or until I was cured. Have treatment I was entirely cured, and
. not taken anything: for sfs years, and for more than seven years have had
am just as well as I ever was.— M. MAT- no si grn of the disease.— MBS. JOSE-
SON, Lapeer, Mich. PHINE POT>HTT.T., Due West, S. C.
, Catarrh . is" a ¦ constitutional disease — a blood disease which is frequently
inherited, and only a blood medicine, such as S. S. S., can remove the hereditary
taint, 'destroy" the poisons that have been accumulating in the system for years
perhaps, and restore the blood to a healthy and pure condition. The inflamed
¦ membranes and diseased glands are healed by the rich, pure blood which is carried
'to them, and the offensive discharges from the nose, and the terrible headache and
neuralgic pains cease. Chronic cases of the most desperate character and apparent-
ly hopeless, have been cured completely and permanently by the use of S. S. S. >
Y Write our physicians fully about your case and they will cheerfully assist you
-\ by their advice* We charge nothing whatever for. this service. Book free on
application. THE SWIFT SPECIFIC CO., ATLANTA, GA. •THE SAN FRANCISCO: CALL, TUESDAY, JULY 9, 1901
10
SAX FRAACISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets; open
entll 12 o'clock every nicht In the y«ar.
BRANCH OFFICES— £27 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 p. m.
SOO Hayes etreet, open until 9:80 p. m.
O» McAllister street; open until 8:80 p. a.
€15 Larkln street; open until 9:80 p. m.
1841 Mission Etreet; open until 10 p. m.
2S61 Market street corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 p. m. .-, I
10S Eleventh street; open until » p. ».
1096 Valencia etreet ; open until » p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky rtreets; open until 9 p. m.
gQO Fillmore etreet; open until 9 p. m.
/ MEETING NOTICES. _^
ING July 9, at 7:30 o'clock. M. M. ?\^
degree. By order of the H. P. * J*
FRANKLIN H. PAY. Secretary.
GOLDEN Gate Lodge No. 80. F. & A. *
M. --Called meeting THIS (TUESDAY) J^
EVENING at 7:30 o'clock; D., 1. By »^^
order of W^. METER. Secretary.
PACIFIC Lodge No. «?• !"•_&_ &„£;• A
120 Eddy st. meets THIS EATMNG.J^
7:S0 o'clock QE pEXUNGTOIf> jy\
Secretary.
ORIENTAL Lodge No. 144. F. & A. M. ¦
-First degree THIS (TUESDAY)
EVENING at 7:20 o'clock. Master TL>C
Masons cordially invited • /
A. S. HUBBARD. Secretary.
MAGNOLIA Locpe Xo. 29. I. O.
O. F.— installation THIS <TLES- gg/SfctSig
DAY) EVKv.-.G. • *$£g&P
JOS. W. CHURCH. N. G.
BAMUEL POLACK. Secretary.
A MEETING of the Restaurant Keepers' As-
sociation is called for Tuesday, July 9. at S
o'clock p. m.. at Shiels building. £2 O'Farrell
St. Members will please attend. By order
p. T. BENNETT. President
EINTRACHT Spar und Ban Verein— The an-
nual meeting and election of directors for the
rosulng term -will be held on TUESDAY. July
t 1S0L at 7:30 p. m.. In the office of the asso-
ciation. EIMracht Hall. 237 Twelfth st Polls
open from 7:30 to 8:3Q p. m. The twenty-
fourth series now dpen for subscription.
Monthly payments ?1 per share.
ADOLF WIRTNER, Vice President
HENRY GILLE, Secretary.
THE annual meeting of the San Francisco So-
ciety for the Prevention of Cruelty to Ani-
mals will be held In the Parrott building on
MONDAY, July 15, 1901, at 4 o'clock p. m.,
when a board of trustees will be elected.
C. B. HOLBROOK. Secretary.
ASPHALTCM ROOFIXG.
J. PELTIER, asphalt roofing, sidewalks re-
paired; postal. 1136 Mission: tel. Folsom 1607.
ASTROLOGY.
MME. CARLSON, celebrated astrologist: horos-
copes cast; lessons; 4 to S p. m. 143 Sixth, r. 22.
ATTORXEVS AT UW.
ADVICE free: divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without enocess: collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty at law. 850 Market cor. Stockton.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market 6t, opp. Mason.
L. S. CLARK, Emma Spreckels bldg., 927 Mar-
ket St.; consultation free: no fees In advance.
BOARDIXG FOR CHILDREN.
LADY would like small children to board; good
home and care. 2218 Sixteenth st.
2 OR 3 children to board, week or month: best
care;sunny yard ;nr.school ;reasonable.l607 Cal.
BOOKS NEW AXD OLD.
BOOKS' of every SnT^ughtT^eL'Red'asi.
HOLMES BOOK CO.. 704-7O6-7OS Mission st
BCSIXESS CHA.VCB8.
A^ScO^SALOON, \rith"4 furnisnea'Tooms, ' 4th
and Market sts.; net rent ?22; rare chance;
bargain. Call R. G. WILKE. 26Vi Kearny st
A— $700— COFFEE saloon and restaurant near
Call building, clearing $150 per month; rare
chance. R. G. 'WILKE, 26& Kearny st.
A— $2500; STATIONERY, dry goods and. Yankee
notions with laundry route and route of all
S. F. dallies, across the bay. or will sell pa-
per and laundry routes for J1500. Particulars
R. G. WILKE. 2fr4 Kearny et.
A— J1300: HALF INTEREST, saloon on Kearny
St.. clearing $300 per month; lease; rare
chance. Call R. G. WILKE. 26U; Kearny st.
A— $1500; COFFEE saloon and restaurant: 1
block south of Market Ft. : daily receipts from
£30 up; clearing about $400 per month; a rare
chance. Call R. G. WILKE. 26^4 Kearny.
. A— Im>0; SALOON with 36 furnished rooms; $350
cash, balance on time; rent $50; located
Fourth st. Call R. G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny.
A— J3S0: IJELICACT etore and branch bakery,
with 3 living rooms; rent $18; kept by owner
11 years: choice business location. Particulars
R. G. WILKE, 26?i Kearny st
A — $730; SALOON; no better located place in
this city: rent $50; place clears easily $150
per month; no night work. See R. G. '
WILKE. 26'.2 Kearny et.
100 CIGAR stands, 200 candy stores. 300 gro-
ceries and bars. 400 saloons. 500 bakeries, 600
etores of all kinds; hundreds of businesses to
choose from; call in and see what we can offer
jou.
WALTER HAYES & CO.. S28 Market st.
TOIT can be suited in any kind of business by I
calling at office. |
<5. W. SCHWEINHARD, 917 Market st, near
Fifth. Phone Mint 1911.
$300— CORNER saloon: bargain this day. In-
qulre McLAUGHLJN & CO.. 777% Market St.
A— GROCERY and bar; no better money-mak-
ing place in city; fine cash trade; trial given
before buying; owner wants to retire after
eeveral years in business; gilt-edge chance; a
safe Investment. 226 Pine st.
$300 BUYS a branch bakery, candy and notion
store; good location; rent 520. Call at 1711
Market st.
MECHANICAL proposition; .$800 to $1000 re-
quired; Investigate Immediately. 3>4 Spear st.
CANDY and dairy store at a sacrifice; elegant
fixtures. Corner Bush and Pierce.
SALOON for pale opposite the ferry: rare
chance. Ill East st-.. north of Market.
ESTABLISHED restaurant Includine property
near park for sale cheap. Inquire 514 Central
avenue. ..•.¦;.,-.
BARBER Ehop for sale In country hotel; owiier
leaves on account of sickness tn his family.
Address box 4SC7. Call office.
RESTAURANT and oyster house for sale; on
account of sickness. 29 Ninth et.
GOOD opening for barber shop and baths in
hotel; also tailor. 718 Valencia st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
LODGIXC-HOCSES FOR SALE.
A. CAMERON^ &"CO^ ~
850 Market st. and 8 Stockton st.
Rooms 21, 21 and 23, Phone Bush 328
I If you have hotel, rooming-house or business
to sell list with us. We have cash customers
for all 6izes and prices. See list of bargains
42 r. cor.; rent $100; lease S yrs.; car., fur
3 year* old j im
S2 r. cor.; rent 5105; good house; clears $120. 1400
MONEY loaned on deferred payments: 1%%.
20 r.. rent $€0: good house; always full barg. 1000
18 r.; rent $SS; g9 od fur., carp; large yard.. J250
tO r. rent $60; good house; always full; barg 1000
Over 500 houses listed. Call before buying.
MARION GRIFFIN, the Real Estate Agent"
719 Market st. by Call bldg.; tel. Black m
Zi rooms; 14 larire bay windows; a corner- 3
blocks north of Market; oaJc furniture- clears
$90 a month above all expenses; rent $105 $1400
17 rooms; all men; rich carpets; north of Mar-
ket et: elegant furniture; clears $70 a month
11 rooms; rent $35; oak furniture; mortgage
$37 3 ; clears $&>; exchange for small house.%700
Call at office for list. Above are only samples.
ATTENTION, BUYERS!
You may buy any rooming-house In
the city, and pay for it
In monthly payments
from the profits
of the house.
Vacant houses furnished
DONALD' IN VESTMENT CO.. S50 Market
FISHER & CO.. 825 Market: phone Folsom 1342
75 rooms;, price $5000'42 rooms; price s-ioii
26 rooms; price 130C.|30 rooms; price " " •»%
22 rooms; elegant; rent only $60: price "" JHoO
14 rooms; handsome; rent only $60; price'.*. 750
We have over 300 more, any location "kind
or price, at bargains and hurried sales.
WINSTON & WOLF. v
1 .-« ~J 1M6 MARKET ST
17 rooms; rent $^0; Fourth Ft $g73
• 26 rooms; f.ne corners/rent $90 "*V)75
30 rooms; new; ch«-ap rent 13-2
» 65 rooms; rent $100; part cash. "!I*2100
25 rooms; fine sunny corner; only "!l900
THE largest and best list of lodging-houses
and hotels can be found at office of
G. W. SCHWEINHARD.
- ¦ JCo. 917 Market st (near Fifth -«t>
Phone Mint.lSlL
S ROOMS; rent $30; finely furnished, good car-
pete; $300. Howard' st, between Third and '
Fourth. Box 4237, Call office.
flBO— 11 ROOMS, furnished; rent $20; must sell
this week. aO3 Clay st ¦ , ¦
LODGING House. 20 rooms, . $326. Call at 10S
New Montgomery st
fS75— LODGING-HOUSE, lfl rooms; . furnished.
•MU Mission st .
HELP WAyTED^MALE-— Con.^
BARBER shop for sale; best location 'In town.
opposite the P. O. ; good for $100 per month:
Will sell for $125; reason of selling, wife's
poor health. Auburn, Cal.
PENSION ATTORNEY EDWARD A. BULLIS.
Past Commander Geo. H. Thomas Post No. I.
G. A. R-, room 40. Phelan bldg., 806 Market.
BARBER shop; 2 chairs; old stand; Western
' Addition. BTOLTZ, 723 Market st
GOOD boy who understands bookbinding. MY-
, BELL-ROLLINS & CO.,' 22 Clay St. ¦
TAILOR to trim- up work for coat shop.
BBLASCO-HARRI3 CO.. 541 Market st
WANTED— 5C0 men to buy new and 2d-hand
army shoes, $1 up; aollng 20c up. 923 Howard.
GET your shoes half -soled while waiting; 25a
to BOo. C63 Mission St., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
McDONALD & PERRY have BOO pairs seconil-
1 hand shoes for sale; 50o. 241 Third st.
SAILORS, ordinary, for ships for all parts of
, world. v HERMAN' 9, 26 Steuart st V
MEN wanted to learn the barber trade: only
8 weeks required; 2 years'* time saved by our
methed; examination and diploma given
free; complete outfit of tools donated; special
inducements this month. Call or write at
once for special offer and free catalogue.
MOLtR BARBER COLLEGE. 635 Clay st
SOLDIERS wanted learn the barber "trade :
special Inducements; situations guaranteed
after 8 weeks' practice; call or write at once
for special offer and free catalogue. MOLEK
COLLEGE, 635 Clay «t. '
WANTED— At Master Bakers' Protective As-
sociation, foreman, second and third bread
bakers; also confectioners; good pay; perma-
nent positions. 127 Mason st
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
. that Ed Rolkin, -Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third st. ; 150 large
rooms; ISc per night; $1 to $2 per week.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 863 Mission st. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
MEN to learn barber trade; catalogue mailed
free. S. F. Barber School, 741A Howard st
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St., near Mar-
, ket— 700 rooms, 2Ee night; reading-rooms; free
'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
f" ' ' — ~!
HORSES AND WAGONS.
40 HORSES for sale; also i wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
827 Sixth St.; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
A HANDSOME registered young thoroughbred,
broken to saddle and harness; lady drives
him; cheap at $150; don't answer if you are
looking for a $50 horse. 125 Geary st.
40 HEAD of work and driving horses; 2 fast
pacers. 721 Howard st. \
GENTLE family cow for sale. 190 Preclta ave.
A LARGE one-horse express wagon, with
sheet-Iron bottom. 1370 Turk st. _^
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc.. cheap. EGAN & SON. 2117 Mission st.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single: also light
camping wagon, for sale cheap. 532 Mission.
HORSES WASTED.
HORSES wanted to work on scraper Job; four
or five months' work. Apply at 26 Montgom-
ery st.. room 23. _^__
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list houses to let; send for clr-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN~& CO.. 14 Montgomery.
FINE house; 9 rooms with rear lot on other
street. 1213 Turk st. ; rent $35.
HOUSE to let: 16 Lily ave.; 5 rooms; rent $13.
Apply 113 Oak st.
HOUSES TO- LET-COUNTRY.
FURNISHED house to rent in Menlo Park. Ad-
dress MRS. CORA PARKER. Menlo Prk. CaL
" - HOUSE S W AXTK-d".
MODERN house in good locality; about 10
rooms; no small children.. Box 4408, Call.
IXSTAXTA\EOUS WATER HEATER.
HOT bath in ten minutes at cost of 2%o; saves
fire in range; you light your flame and by the
time you are disrobed your bath Is ready; no
danger from explosion; sold on Installment!;
call and see it in operation. RIBBON"
WATER-HEATING CO.. Exam, bldg.. r. 607.
LOST AXD FOBXD.
LOST— In vicinity Fourteenth and Market sts.,
July 8, small gold watch, closed case, Elgin,
name on inside caae. Liberal reward paid.
Address box 4441, Call office.
LOST— Sunday, Scotch collie dog (pup), marked,
tan, white muzzle; collar; white feet; white
on tip of tail. 154 Golden Gate; reward.
LOST— July 7. St. BernlM^Sow; color tawny:
black head; leather strap on neck. Reward
at 730 Fell st.
TAN and white St. Bernard. Suitable reward
if returned to 311 Van Ness ave.
LOST— Canary bird. Return to 11 Enterprise st-
and receive reward. -
LOST— Sunday, dark canary bird. 225 Fourth
st; reward.
LOST — A pass-book with the Hibernla Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, in the
name of AGNES BEND; No. 24S-740. The
finder will please return to bank.
LOST — A passbook with the Hlbernia . Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, In the
name of OLIVER McNORTON or FLOR-
ENCE McNORTON; No. 172-671; the finder
will please return to bank.
Wanted — Old gold for manufacturing. O. No"lte.
Jeweler. 248 O'Farrell. bet. Powell and Mason.
MATRIMONIAL.
ru . l^. n^ nn ' n ' r , nooJ^ J -,r - i- -. ur.-i. rr - r rj-^ru^.^j- .r, n n n n
GENTLEMEN wishing to marry wealthy ladies
send 10c for latest list. MRS. HERTZ. 706 Ellis
MATTRESSES AXD PILLOWS.
TO order, also cleaned and sterilized, uphol-
stery; Al carpet cleaning; honest work guar-
anteed. HOPKE BROS.. 4U to 415 Powell St.;
tel. Bush 421. . .
ailSCELLAXEOUS — FOR Sa£K
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN, 195-197 Fremont St.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, restaurant and po-
ker tables, barroom chairs, linoleum, new and
second-hand; we always have a large stock of
saloon outfits on hand; 32 complete outfits on
one floor, ready made; we can ship everything
In 24 hours. J. NOONAN. 1017, 1019, 1021, 1023
Mission st. above .Sixth; write for catalogue.'
AIR compressor,, 3 sizes. 5, 10, 20 stamp mills;
- 30 mining cars,^ pumps, locomotive, rail mo-
tore, generators; 4 sets hoisting works; steam
and water power. J. B. Jardlne, 220 Fremont.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear, machinery, en-
gines boilers, water pipes, shaftings, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW, 216 Spear st.
50,000-GALLON redwood tank and frame: 3, 4
and 6 inch pipe; second hand. THOMPSON, 40
Main St. ¦ V
FOR sale— Steel gasoline launch, 32 feet long.
9 feet beam. Address H., Postofflce box 2524,
San Francisco.
A— 2, -8 AND 25 horsepower gasoline engines;
latest model. Address box 4375, Call office.
HEADQUARTERS for trunks, bags and dress
suit cases. A. B. SMITH CO.. 123 Ellis st
A$3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters. 330 Kearny st, near Pine.
FINE suits. $10; dress pants, $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st
4 BEAUTIFUL diamond rings for sale cheap;
no reasonable offer refused. 2400 Howard st
2D-HAND machinery all kinds bought sold,
rented, exchanged. H. S. White, S18 Mission.
SAFES— New and second-hand; all sizes. THE
WALTZ SAFE, 109-111 Market st. San Fran.
$64 MAGIC lantern and moving picture ma-
chine $37 50. 109 Montgomery ,st.
SAFES— New and -second hand. THE HER-
MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st
ENGINES and boilers; second-band machinery.
J. BURKE. 139 Beale st. '
FAIRBANKS' 10-ton hay scale: jeweler's steel
lined safe, perfect order. 216 California st
GASOLINE engines. 2d-hand, and other ma-
chinery bought and sold. Epstein, 53S Mission.
'Gasoline or distillate engines, new & 2d-hand;
all sizes; guaranteed. NEWELL. 56 Bhixome.
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern engines and
¦boilers bought and sold. KROGH MFG. CO.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving plc-
tures. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post st.
We pay big prices for sealskins. Portland
Loan Office. 25 Stockton st. ¦ . -¦¦_--.,
MISCELLANEOUS WAXTS.-
BARBERS— 3 or 4 chair .shop wanted: state
price, location and • rent Ad. box 4425. CalL
TILTON wants - 2nd-hand clothing.- especially
skirts, street dresses. 154 9th; tel. Folso'm 2522.
MEDICAL.
A. TREATMENT that la guaranteed to give in-
¦ tftant relief for all • female complaints; the
longest and most obstinate cases immediately
relieved without pain; travelers helped; " no
delay; consult free. MRS. DR. KOHL. 1122
Market,, bet. Mason and Taylor, opp. Hale's.
MRS. DR. w lETH has removed from Post st.
to 410 O'Farrell: reliable ladies' specialist; 26
successful. practice: guar. treatment at
office; any ailment; private home for patients
before and : during- confinement; low fees.
A— RENOWNED specialist; those who drain to
obtain results promptly; I treat ladles only:
my regulator has no equal; all classes of fe-
male comolalnts relieved by treatment su-
perior to all others; the only treatment that
help* the unfortunate: the most obstinate,
case" are Immediately relieved without pain:
no other treatment wil> do this; the moat dif-
ficult cases treated: BClentlfio methods guar-
anteed. DR. G. W. CPONNELL. 1018 Market
¦HINDOHERB home treatment: the most won-
derful, simple, sure remedies ey«r known for
Indigestion, tapeworm, neuralgia, leucorrnea.
gonorrhea and all troubles of male and female
sexual organs: treat yourself: be your own
doctor; 4 months' suppository treatment H;
maternity home;. bust developer; send stamp
for circulars. 1126 Market st. S. F.. Cal.
DR. and Mr».Davles. 1C2S Market; our regula-
tor is a treatment superior to others, has
brought health and happiness to thousands of
anxicraa. suffering and despondent women;
office treatment guaranteed: strictly reliable.
A POSITIVE cure guaranteed In all female
complaints or money returned; my regulator
never falls; the most obstinate cases relieved
without pain: best care; fee low; consult free.
MRS. DR. ALLEN. 1113 Market, nr. Mason.
T. DUFFY'S solution guaranteed to cure all
skin diseases. NW. cor. G. G. ave. & Fillmore.
MOXEYTO LO tVy;
ANY AMOUNT AT 8 PER CENTl ...^..l..
First, second and third mortgages
Undivided interest in real estate In probate.
Mortgages and legacies bought: no delay.
Get my terms before doing business elsewhere.
R. McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery st, room 3.
A— MONEY to loan at rates which people can
afford to pay on furniture, pianos, etc.; do
not borrow of your friends or you will lose
their friendship; do business -with strang«ra
and you will be better satisfied; no delay; no
- publicity. Rooms 9 and 10, 906 Market st.
ANY proposition, any amount; « per cent; first
second mortgages, estates In probate. Interest
In estates, legacies, chattel mortgages; secur-
ities, manufacturing, mercantile and mining
Interests; corporation loans. R. 16. 1st floor.
Chronicle building. HALLORAN & OLSEN.
IF YOUR PROPERTY
IS MORTGAGED
and you need more money, see H. MURPHY.
630 Market st Loans on estates In probate,
undivided Interests in estates, second mort-
gages, etc.
HIGHLY respectable, private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store, 948 Market
»t; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third «t
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds.
watches. Jewelry. TV. J. HESTHAL, 10 Sixth;
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc. by private
party; no removal; no commission: conflden-
tlal. Room 3. Conservatory bldg.. 301 Jones.
ON furniture, pianos; no removal; money
quick; lowest Interest; easy terms; no broker-
age; reliable party. .1170 Market st, room 68.%
DEAL direct: furniture, pianos; no removal;
low rate; strictly private. Lick, 116 McAllister.
ONE per cent on furniture: $5 a month on each
$1000; any security. 302 Montgomery st. r. 1.
2% on furniture and pianos; $15 up; no removal;
no commission; private. Room 81, 6 Eddy st.
ON salaries or wages; no Indorser required. 8.
F. DISCOUNT AGENCY. 143 Phelan building.
MONEY loaned salaried people without security.
HILL. rm. 44, Merchants' Ex., 431 California.
LOANS money on salary; no indorser; Eastern
plan." Western Loan Co., 309 Phelan bldg.
$100,000 TO loan on real estate or for building;
low rate. 222 Sansome st, room 2.
THE Tousley Company; loans and discounts.
321 Parrott building.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
Indorser. MORRELL. 609 Examiner building.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
A FACT worth remembering — that we are offer-
ing you 20 and 30 per cent discount on all
pianos purchased this month front as; tv»
sell net only pianos but the Olympic music
boxes on easy payments; you have this ad-
vantage if you trade. with us— we do not take
away the instrument if you are not able to
pay regularly; we don't do business that way;
come and see us p.nd get prices and terms.
THE ZENO MAUVAIS MUSIC CO., 753 Mar-
ket st.
ALL pianoa purchased of SHERMAN*, CLAY
& CO. may be exchanged for a new Steinway
upright or baby grand piano any time within
8 years from date of purchase, and have full
price allowed. New upright pianoa, $8 per
month; some good pianoa sold for $3, $4 and
$5 per month. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.,
Steinway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
sts., San Francisco; corner Broadway and
Thirteenth st. Oakland.
THE ¦WTLEY B. ALLEN CO.. 933 Market st,
. op. Mason (branch 951 Oakland).
Steck. Everett. Hardman, Ludwigr. Packard
and other high-grade pianoa.
ANY piano sold by us taken back any time
within 3 years and full purchase price al-
lowed on a new peerless Knabe at regular
price ; costs you fcnly 20c a day to buy a
piano from us. KOHLER & CHASE, 30
O'Farrell st.; established 1S50.
A LIST of fine second-hand bargains— 1 Emer-
son. 1 Hallet & Davis. 1 Conover. 1 Curtax. 1
Sterling. $73. $125. $143. etc; easy payments.
BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. 16 O'FarreH St..
Chlckering, Vose. Sterling Agency; also
Apollo, king of self-players. ¦
ALL makes; great bargain: $50 up; rents $3
up allowed; -we want agents; pianos furnished
free; you get first money when you sell.
HEINE PIANO CO.. 217 Geary st.
ANOTHER cleaning-out sale of storage pianos
at your own price: $6 Installments: no re-
serve. WILSON'S STORAGE. 1T06 Market Bt.
BARGAINS— Haines. $290; Kramer. $135: Nieu-
mann $140; Cable, $173. W. C. HAMILTON.
8 Flood building.
IF you wish first-class repair work done call
and inspect our factory. BYRON" 31AUZY.
308 Post St. \
Keeffe's, 314 Post— Bargains this wt; Shonin-
ger, Schubert. Behnlng and Schumann pianos.
TWO upright pianoa left on sale: Fisher $99.
Chlckering $185. Room 33, 217 Geary st
ELEGANT standard upright piano; llttla used;
party leaving city; sacrifice. 783 Ellis st
GOOD second-hand upright for sala eheaiv
SCHMITZ. 16 McAllister st
A SPLENDID Steinway; uprights $100: pianoa
rented $2 upward. BRtJENN, 208 Poet st
$80^ — FINE upright: baby grand Steinway: other
makes. FAY'S Piano Factory. 1729 Mission.
A LARGE lot of second-hand upright piano*
for sale cheap. HORNUNG'S. 216 McAllister.
$3 PER month rents a beautiful piano. SCOTT -
CURTAZ PIANO CO.. 560 Hayes St. _^
A FINE upright piano for sale cheap. S3? Mc-
Allister st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, -old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
A. WEEK'S news for 6 cents — The "Weekly Call,
. 16 pages. In wrapper for mailing $1 per year.
- OFFICES AND STORES TO LET.
OFFICE space- to. let, 630 Market «t-- Apply at
Mineosraph office.
LIGHT, cheerful offices; $15 and $20t ttmma,
Spreckels building. 927 Market st
OIL.
CALJSTOGA Oil and Development Company,
operating on X3» / acres of oil land in nine
districts. Office. 23 and 24 Merchants' Ti>.
COSTA RICA— Lest chance at 10c: big advance
In a few days.. Pacific State* Mining and
Investment Co., 328 Post. Open evenings.
Oil* tanks, second hand. In good order; all
sizes; cheap. H. S. IVHITli. 616 Mission st.
PAINTERS AND DECORATORS.
PAPER-HANGING, house painting; good, reli-
able work. Clark's. 803 Larkln: tel. Larkln 1060.
PERSONALS. '
A— IF your hair Is falling or you are bald call
¦ on DR. O. S. MOORE, 483 Geary st, and yoa
will not be disappointed; this remedy Is posi-
tively guaranteed; preparation sent to all
parts of th« world: call or send for circular.
ELECTRIC light in every room— Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third st, near Market: 700 rooms;
Kc to $1 50 per night; $1 60 to $5 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
$1 WEEKLY— Suits to order from genuine
I Scotch. $15 up; fine dress suits. $20 up- ele-
gant overcoats. $1» tip. LEON LEM03 1117
Market st.. between Seventh and Eighth.
A MECHANIC. 31. wishers to correspond or
5p£. a ito45g e cSr* lady; obiect matrt -
WHITE enamel iron beds, single, three-quarter
r^ i^V,,* 2 *; 3 - EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO.. 1310-1312 Stockton st. near Broadway.
1^1% S ' ?"i.£ ents ' ""t-ott clothing bought and
¦old. J. Sltverman. 984Folsom;tel.Folaotn mi.
GENTLEMAN on ranch wants wife; German
lady preferred. Box 4446, Call offloi
CAPES NOME. ¦;
CAPS NOME, Teller City and all points In .
Alaska. For freight & passage rates call or
¦write C. F. MOORE, 835 Market st. rm. 6.
CARPET BEATING AXD CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work \
send to SPAULDING'S pioneer Carpet-Beat-
lng Works, 353-857 Tehama st. ; tel. South 40.
BEATING, 3c; laying, Sc; renovating. Bo up;
-work guaranteed. T. R. Co.: phone Scott 1310. ;
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works; prices .
reasonable. 1703 Harrison; tel. Mission 263.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-Beating Works, .
3J3 Golden Gate ave.; telephone East 126.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st;
tel. Main 334. GEO. WALCOM, Proprietor. .
JONES & CO.. reliable carpet cleaners and ren-
ovators. 25-27 Eighth St. ; tel. Jessie 1061.
CITY Steam Carpet-Beating Works. G. H. '
STEVENS. Mgr., 38-40 Sth st; tel. South 2oO.
J. E MITCHELL Carpet-Beatlns and Reno- ,
vatlng Co.. 240 Fourteenth Bt; tel. Mission T4.
CARPETS cleaned at the lowest rates. STRAT-
TON. S Eighth st; telephone Jessie 944. .
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No charge un- •
less successful. . Room 310. 927 Market st. .
COTTAGES TO LET.
COTTAGE— Fine.' view and healthy location; '
rent only $16. £09 Stelner. ,
SPIRITUALISM.
COME and see C. V. Miller's wonderful seances;
Sun., Tues., Frl., 8 p. m., 50c; you can speak
to your spirit friends face to face and recog- j
niee them; give names; has received medals
from many countries; taken lae't world's re-
cord medal at Paris Fair. 1084 Bush; teL •
2275 Larkln. ' '
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY—
Trance, business medium; life reader; exam- ;
lnes ore; oil locations; medical clairvoyant; '
treats, cures sick: cancer removed without
use of knife. 1164 O'Farrell. nr. Gough: Ellis- ,
Bt. car; sit. $1; letter, $2. Tel. Hyde 2461.
RESUMED business— Mrs. Dr. Farnham. the ¦
world-renowned spiritual medium; advice 'In
all affairs in life; lawsultE, divorces, deaths: ,
unites the separated; mining a specialty; cir-
cles Sun., Wed., Frl. eve.- letters answered.
Residence (no signs). 28 McAllister at. ;
MRS EBERHARDT'S spiritual test meeting,
3250 Twenty-second, bet. Mission and Valen-
cia, 8 p. m.. 10c.
MATERIALIZING eeance to-night: readings
daily. 60c. $1; farewell 24th. Arnold Dlckson, .
148 Sixth st.
Mrs. Harland's circle to-night; sealed ques.
ans.. 10c; business sittings, 50c. $1. 148 6th. .
W. O. KEEGAN holds spiritual meeting every :
night exoept Sat; 10c. 148 Sixth 'St., 2d floor.
MRS. HUBBARD. 109 Oak; cir. Tues., Fri., 8
p. m.; Wed., 2:30 p. m.; 10c: meet daily, 50c.
MME. YOUNG'S demonstration of spirit re-
turn to-night. 605 McAllister st; 10c.
FRIENDSHIP Hall, S35 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer; sittings daily; test to all to-night: 10c.
EDWARD EARLE, 328 Ellis— Readings dally;
seance Sun.. Tues. and Thurs. Tel. Polk 160L
CLAIRVOYANTS*.
PROF. W. H. MONTAGUE,
CLAIRVOYANT and PALMIST,
Is in San Francisco, using his' strange and
mysterious powers for the benefit of mankind.
Montague's thousands of written testimonials
from all over the world are proof of his won-
derful knowledge. He gives advice on busi-
ness, speculation, love, courtship, marriage
and divorce: causes speedy and happy mar- .
riage. The earth reveals to him the hidden
treasures in her bosom; he locates mines, in-
terprets dreams, tells of your friends and en-
emies, removes evil influences, settles lovers'
quarrels, reunites the "separated, gives advice
pertaining to lawsuits, everything; charges in
reach of all; reception room 14, 1104 Market st. .
MME. M. BERNARD.
THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently
located at 17 Third st, next Examiner bldg. She
reads your life correctly, gives an accurate de-
scription of the past,' reveials the present hap-
penings and portrays events to occur in the fu-
ture. If you are In trouble, discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied In life, or have domes-
tic, love or business troubles, consult this great
medium and you will be told how to overcome
them. Valuable advice in all affairs of life;
25c up; perfect satisfaction guaranteed.
A— LINCOLN CLAIRVOYANT AND
HIGH PSYCHIST—
He tells your name, condition, desire, hopes,
etc., without asking a single question; cures
diseases without medicine; shows you how to
avoid bad luck and how to make yourself
lucky: reunites the separated; makes harmony
in your home; gives accurate advice on all
buslnws affairs; investments.minlng.oil: read-
Ings by mail ; send stamp for terms. 125 Turk.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the well-known trance
medium, is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
ket St., corner Golden Gate ave., rooms 25 and
26; take elevator. Perfect satisfaction guaran-
teed by mail; send stamp for pamphlet with
special terms. Daily and Sunday.
MME. ARXDT, the great clairvoyant, tells past
and future; never fails; has the greatest Egyp-
tian secret: shows picture of future husband
or wife; 23c up; satisfaction to everybody;
cures diseases by sympathy. 215% Sixth st.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil— second sight;
diagnoses disease with life reading; ladies 50c;
g-ents $1; palm, and clair. sit., $1 50. 126 Turk.
Mrs. Dr. Saylor^ queen of clairvoyants & palm-
ists; names and dates; L. 23c; G. 50c; mail $L
lall^i Market, op. Van Ness; tel. Mint 1033.
I KNOW your fate; Mme. Richards, astrological
I palmist and reader of human destiny; never
fails; 25c and 50c. 1203 Mission St., cor. 8th.
MRS. DR. VALEEN, clair., palmist; advice on
all affairs; messages from departed friends;
teacher of personal magnetism. 1323% Market.
MME. MONTAGUE, clairvoyant 'and palmist,
gives names, facts, dates satisfaction by mall;
inclose stamp. 1282 Market, opposite 7th st.
ISMAR. the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and j
palmist, permanently located 1148 Market, op.
6tH": private readings daily, 10 a. m. to 5 p. m.
MRS. MELVILL, well-known clairvoyant, water
reader. 11, 6th;German spoken ;tel. Howard 1846.
M. WILLE. crystal seer, clairvoyant, medium;
sittings, 9 a.m. to 8 p.m. ; 50c ' 215 Leavenworth.
MME. WALTERS, great card reader; ladies 25c;
gents oOc. 951 Mission, nr. 6th; open Sundays.
MRS. HANSEN, card reader, palmist; past,
preseilt and future; 25c. 108 6th St.. 2d floor.
MME. SCHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader;
sittings daily. 44SV4 Jessie st., bet. Bth and 6th.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry: truth or no pay; 25c. 1140 Mission.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader;
ladies 25c, rents 50c. 132 Sixth st.
DENTISTS. "
AT the ELECTRO-DENT^L^LTNIcTloTMar-
ket st, cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg.. you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns.
$3 E0 up; plates, extractions free. $4 50 up; of-
fice hours. 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sundays, 9 to 2.
p. m. J. W. THATCHER, M.D., Manager.
, EIGHT prizes for beet crowns, plates, bridges
, and fillings; extractions or fillings by my
wonderful secret, painless method; 20 years'
experience; no students; advice free; prices
i cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
, DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st.
A— NEW unbreakable plate, the Rose Pearl,
1 warranted for 20 years; crowns. $3 50; fillings.
1 BOo; plates. $5; full set; all work painless and
» warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth.
¦ AT Ideal Dental Co.. 6 Eddy st— Work done
on weekly Installments; lowest rates. .-.. .
i PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush —
I Full set of teeth. $4; crowns. $3; linings, 25c*
' DR. R. L.WALEH.815H Geary.nr.Larkin— Pain-
less extraction 50c; plates $5 up;phonePolkllS5.
• DR. H. G. TRUMAN, dentist, third floor. Ex-
• amlner building; formerly In Murphy bldg.
LOWEST prices in S. F. Painless extraction,
50c. N. Y. Dentists. 9C9 Mission st, cer. 6th.
VAN VROOM— "Painless" ; evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market St.. corner Sixth.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. 1341 Polk st /
DETECTIVE AGENCIES.
\ McCABE'S Detective Agency handles all legl-
¦ tlmate detective business; divorce cases posi-
{ . tlvely refused. Emma Spreckels building,
rooms 323-324. San Francisco; tel. South t81.
. DRESSMAKERS AXD SEAMSTRESSES
. MISS GILLIGAN'S dressmaker tailor system
; taught. 10 Metcalf pi., nr. Mason st.off Geary.
\ McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School—
> Class rates; patterns cut. 1019 Market st.
I ACCORDEOX pleating: country orders prompt
I attention. 121 Post, over O'Connor & Moftatt.
- . EDUCATIONAL. ~~~
A — THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
echool ¦ for the university, law and medical
colleges ; references. President Jordan or any
1 Stanford professor. -Phelan building.
. INSTRUCTOR of experience wlii coach In
I Greek, Latin, mathematics; references. Ad-
' dress box 2269. Call office. Oakland. -
5 ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc.; day or eve.; $5 mo.- 1024 Mission/ mv6th.-
. MARY P. Westhaus, Dlano, mandolin, guitar
leesona, COc; piano for practice. 23 Fifth et.
J^ BpUCjLTIOyAj^Con^lnned.
ATHES" Leading Business College, 723 Market —
$8 per month; $50 life scholarship guarantees a
-complete business education; shorthand, typ-
ing, bookkeeping, cm'l arithmetic, com'l law,
.penmanship, etc.; experienced teachers; new
typewriters; positions secured; catalogue free.
GALLAGHER-MARSH College. Parrott bldg.—
Shorthand, typing and bookkeeping; Robert
P. Gallagher, expert court reporter, teacher of
-shorthand; reportorlal phrasing taught; prac-
tical bookkeeping, full course, $30; catalogue.
ACTTNG/ elocution, specialties; Hallett School,
associated with theatrical agency securing
positions. Alcazar building, 120 O'Farrell st.
MERRILL-MILLER College— Shorthand, typ-
ing, practical bookkeeping. Rooms 40-45. Par-
rott bldg.; Individual instruction ; catalogue.
ENGINEERING— ClvU, elec, mining, mech.,sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; 1 day, eve.; est. 1S64. Van
der Nalllen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
A FULL course of Ellis bookkeeping and the
Gregg shorthand coats only $60. • San ' Fran-
cisco Business College, 1238 Market et.
A SPECIALTY— Perfecting beginners: business
college graduates; bookkeeping; figures; short
time. TARR. exp. acct, 220 Parrott bldg.
AID In geometry and algebra personally, by
correspondence and weekly, papers. 3014 16th.
HEALD'S Business College. 24 Post st. S. F. ;
founded 1S63; new 80-page catalogue free.
PROF. L. MERKI. successful teacher of violin,
mandolin and guitar. 1003 Mission st, nr. 6th.
A WEEK'S news for 6 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages. In wrapper for mailing. $1 per year.
ELECTRO-THERAPEUTIC.
Electric-Chernio medication cures faulty nutri-
tion, nerve, blood & constitutional diseases.
Drs. K. & K.'s ElPctrlo Sanitarium. 8 Ma»on.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
JAPAi^ESE^and^Chinese^ help^ of~aii~klnds7
cooks, waiters and house servants. GEO.
AOKI & CO., 421 Poet et. ; tel. Bush 135.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese. Chi-
nese help. 426 Powell.nr.Sutter; tel. Black 6072.
CHINESE and Japanese employment office—
Best help. 411% O'Farrell Bt; tel. East 426.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese employment of-
flcp; all kinds help. 315 Stockton: Main 5188.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — FEMALE.
A SWEDISH girl wants a position to do gen-
eral housework and cooking; $25 per month;
2 years in last place. Box 4442, Call office. ¦
GERMAN woman wants any kind of day work;
experienced laundress. 454 Minna, rear.
YOUNG girl wishes a situation to do light
housework; sleep heme; no Sunday work.
318 Brannan St., rear.
A COMPETENT young woman wishes a posi-
tion cooking or housework; good references.
Please call 3675 Nineteenth st.
AUSTRIAN girl wishes to . do general house-
work and help In kitchen. 423\Second st.
MIDDLE-AGED lady wishes a situation as
housekeeper for elderly couple; references
exchanged. Address 401 Oak st. - .
RELIABLE woman wishes plain cooking and
general housework. Apply 655 Harrison st.
NEAT, refined girl wishes situation as" com-
panion and maid. Ad. A. M., box 4424, Call.
SWEDISH girl wants position to do second
work; wages $20. Call at 1324 Folsom st.
YOUNG lady stenographer and bookkeeper
wishes situation in office. Box 4423, Call.
A WOMAN with references desires to be em-
ployed half days at washing or household
work; terms 60c. Address box 4448, Call.
A COMPETENT young woman wishes work
by the day. washing or house cleaning, Tues-
days and Thursdays. Address 307 Fourth, nr.
Folsom. '
WANTED— By Canadian Protestant woman,
housework and cooking in private family.
Call 305 Turk st. .
A YOUNG American woman, stranger In city,
wishes chamber work in rooming-house; sleep
home. Call or address MISS PAGE, 22 Page.
AMERICAN woman, elderly, neat, good cook
and good housekeeper; wages $15 to $20. 140
Seventh st.
WANTED — Position as working housekeeper or
cook for men on ranch. Box 4445, Call office.
FIRST-CLASS Swedish cook wishes situation
in American family; city references; wages
$35. Please call at 226 Lily ave., between Page
and Oak, near Lacuna.
SCANDINAVIAN girl wishes situation to do
general housework and cooking 'in an Amer-
ican family. Please call at 13 John St., near
Mason.
GERMAN woman wants position to do gen-
eral housework and plain cooking; good laun-
dress; $25. Box 4420. Call office.
WOMAN wants work by day or week; refer-
ence. -Call in evening at 421B Natoma st.
TEACHER, Protestant, speaking French flu-
ently, desires • position as governess with
Christian family; no objection to the coun-
try. Call at 1605 Franklin st., corner Pine.
GOOD Japanese woman wants place as house-
work and help cook; cannot speak, English
much; wages $15 or $20 month; could not
go far from the boarding house. K. KOMAI,
358 Jessie St.; telephone 2665.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to
$6 week; convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st. .
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — MALE.
MARRIED man wants position In wholesale
house as porter or make himself generally
useful; good reference from last employer.
Address box 4426, Call office.
SITUATION -wanted— Young man just arrived
from East wishes good and ¦ steady ¦ position
as experienced second hand on cakes, city or
country. H. SCHAUBEL, WincheBtgr House.
RELIABLE, steady man wants situation In
private place; take care of horses, . buggies
and garden. Box 4447, Call office.
FIRST-CLASS French cook wishes situation in
hotel or club. Apply 275 Stevenson.
A DANE; understands the care of fast horses;
good driver; care of garden; has references.
Address box 2270. Call office.
YOUNG man, honest, sober and respectable,
would like employment; . wholesale house or
shipping firm; have been employed on British
merchant steamers years ago; city references.
Address J. E. F.. box 4220, Call office. •
BARKEEPER wants situation in country ho-
tel or on steamer; can refer to past and pres-
ent employers. Address, box 4330, Call office.
POSITION wanted by young man, 28 years of
1 age; has considerable experience in massage,
orthopedic, Swedish movements, hydro-thera-
peutic, physical culture and nursing; strictly
sober and industrious; can speak English,
German, French and Spanish. Address box
4366. Call. ... .
A NEW YORK salesman with an established
trade for California wine Is open for a posi-
tion. Address box 4407, Call office. * ¦
FIRST-CLASS barkeeper open for engagement;
city or country. Box 4372, Call.
GOOD Japanese . man wants situation to - help
cook and housework; cannot speak English
much; wages $15 or $20. K. KOMAI, 35.8 Jes-
sie st. ; . telephone 2665.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions ' has been established at 1098
Valencia st. ' J-
EXCHANGE.
EXCHANGE 'and sales office, 321 Phelan bldg.,
Market st.— Send particulars of anything you
have for exchange, sale or want; registration
free ; insurance and loans. * ' •
FEATHERS RENOVATED.
FEATHER pillows and mattresses steamed,
renovated. E. J, O'ROURKE, 1393 Valencia
et. : phone Capp 2882.
FLATS TO '. LET.
COLE, corner Oak— One flat of 8 rooms; tiled
bathrooms and sinks ; beamed and frescoed
ceilings; looking out on. Park; marble ¦ vesti-
bule; furniture for sale, which Is new and
artistically selected; open bet. 10 and 4 o'clock
every day. Key at 409 Cole st I : :
FINE, 2132—6 rooms,, bath; all modern; large
back yard; fine basement. Inquire of owner,
2134 P'ne St. ¦ ¦ /¦ -.-. ¦ ¦ .- 7" » ...
FURNISHED complete | for housekeeping— 4
rooms and bath; lower flat. 1903 Filbert. st.;.
call after 6 p. m. \ >'
•{26— GRAND flat. 8 large sunny rooms; modern
In every respect. . 1127 Guerrero at.. ¦ between
23d and 24th. ' .,: ¦
BEFORE moving drop a postal to 925^ Folsom
st; we buy anything you don't care to move.
BRUCE place. 14, oft Folsom st, between
Seventh and Eighth — t rooms and bath. -¦¦ i
FLAT— 3 sunny rooms and bath. 1103 Buchanan
8t, corner Golden Gate ave. , V ¦" ¦
SHIPLEY. 247—4 and 7 room flats, $10 and $12.
A MARINE view, sunny, -¦ 8 ropma, bath, new.
" 2414 Van Ness ave., hear Unionist;. .
FINE sunny E-room flat, $15 ; : cheap; save car
. fare. 8 Pine place, ¦ off Pine St., near Mason.
FLATS TO LET— -Continued.
FLAT to let . 4 unfurnished rooms. Apply at 1
204H Eddy st. --
NEW, modern 7-room flat. 1530 Jackson sf,
between Larkln and Polk... . :
$8— COTTAGE, 4 rooms; large . yard. . 430 Bev-
enth st, near Harrison. ¦ . : . '
$11— 4-ROOM flat) cellar;. water free. 20 Sum-
ner at., oft Howard, bet. Seventh and Eighth.
A WEEK'S news for B cents— The Weekly Call,
• 16 pages. In wrapper for mailing. $1 per year.
FLATS TO LET~FURNISHED.
FELL, 111— Four nicely furnished ! rooms with
bath. : ¦¦ ¦ ¦ .---. ...j -.-. •¦ - , :-¦¦¦¦
$325 BUYS a 4-room. elegantly furnished flat!
part cash; nr.Pleasan ton; rent $21 710 Jones.
sFPRKrrPHB FOR S ALB. ¦_ "
FOR ¦ sale— Elegant oak furniture and carpets
of 3 rooms complete 1 very cheap; fine sunny
flat to- let. 242C Ninth st : '
$25— FURNITURE. 4-room flat: complete for
housekeeping; come • quickly. 1318 Hampshire \
St. ! ¦ .. . . • *¦
4 ROOMS furnished in oak. $4S 50, with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co., 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE WANTED. .
ture. carpets, pianos, etc. CHAS. LEVY, 1135
Market at. ... .
CAL. Auction Co., 1462 Market— Buy« furniture, '
merchandise, etc.; phone Jessie 2071. ¦ .
BEFORE disposing of your furniture see
Golden Gate Auction Co.. 928 Howard st.
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission St., pays highest
price for Becond-hand furniture; tel. Red 1334.
Auctioneer— L. Vincent. 1306 Larkin; tel. Polk 694;
furniture & furn'd houses bought; spot cash.
HELP WANTED — FEMALE.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S 104 Geary st'
. HOTEL DEPARTMENT.
Waitresses for springs and resorts. Lake, San-
ta Clara, Contra Costa, Sonoma, Mendocino
and Santa Cruz Cos., $2O-$25; 2 waitress, min-
ing town, $20, fare paid •
25 waitresses, commercial hotels all over the
State and State of Nevada, fares pa!d..$20-$25
Chambermaid, country hotel :..$20
Another woman ironer, Lake Tahoe, ,fare
paid, $35; fancy ircners and laundresses* all
• over. the State, best of wages
Seamstress, institution ..$20
FAMILY DEPARTMENT.
Cook and 2d girl, same house, $45; house-
keeper for old lady, ,$15; housekeeper for
widower's family, $15, fare paid; woman with
¦a child, rarich, $15; ranch cook, $25, fare paid.
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary st
COLORED couple for private place; see party
here, $40. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary.
A FARMER and wife; man to work in the
field, .$2 to $2 50 day; wife to cook, $25. C.
R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st. , " ¦— — •
HEAD waitress,) city, $35. C. R. HANSEN &
. CO.. 104 Geary st. .
WANTED— 3 chambermaids, wait one meal, ' 4
$20; cook for nice summer resort, short dis-
tance, $3o; kitchen helper, resort, $25; Scandi-
navian cook for family in. cityr *35; cook,
German style, country, no wash, $30; laun-
dress for nice- family of 2, Menlo Park, $30,
see 1 lady to-day; seamstress for orphan asy-
lum," $20; French' seamstress and chamber-
maid, $25; 4 second girls, $20 and $25; 2 cham-
bermaids, hotel, nice place, $20; 12 waitresses
for city and country hotels, resorts and res-
taurants, at $20, $25, $7 and $8 per week; head
waitress, city, $35; 39 girls for housework
In city and country, $20 to $30. . Apply to J. F.
CROSETT & CO.. 316 Sutter st.
MRS. M. E. DAY— Phone Grant 1S5
HOTEL DEPARTMENT.
Head waitress ..$35 j
25 waitresses for flrst-class resorts and com- 1
mercial hotels, $20 and $25, fares paid; 6
waitresses, city, $20; 2 restaurant waitresses,
$3; 3 chambermaids to wait, ,$20; chamber-
maid, $20, country. ¦ " .-
FAMILY DEPARTMENT.
Cook, $25; second girl, $20, same family;
nurse, one child, $15; second girl, $20; cooks
and housoffirls, $20 and $2o.
MRS. M. E. DAY 335 Geary St.
WANTED— Artists for pen and ink, stipple and
wash work; male or female; good salary and
permanent positions to . right parties; bring
samples. MARIE LOUISE RIMES, 700-705
Emma Spreckels building.
WANTED— Two hundred young womert of good
j form to appear on the stage in the- forthcom-
'Ing production of "Michael Strogoft" at the
Central Theater. - Apply at the box office at
11 a. in. to-d%y. ;
WANTED— First-class . stenographer; must be
a good speller and quick at the typewriter;
state experience and salary expected. Address
box 4444, Call office.
WANTED— Girl for general housework and
plain cooking; good wages. Apply 2731 Clay
st. between 9 and 12 a. in. .
TWO bright young lady solicitors. Call to-day
between 1 and 4; room 612, Emma Spreckels •
building, 927 Market st.
GIRL to do cooking and general housework;
wages $25; references required. Apply 1320
Leavenworth st, near Clay. .
EXPERIENCED store girl. California Candy
Factory, 1438 Market St.- .
GIRL for general housework; small family.
Apply 1370 Masonic ave., near Waller.
WANTED— A V girl for general housework; Ger-
man preferred. Call 9 to 11, morns. 926 Eddy.
FIRST-CLASS tailoress and button-hole mak-
er; good pay; steady work. A. KAHN, 142
Geary st.
WANTED— A flrst-class elocution teacher. Ad-
dress box 4396, Call office.
BRIGHT, woman^to' learn cutting on ladies'
waists. 723 Market st, room 35.
APPRENTICE girl on tailoring. 410 Examiner
building.
WANTED— A neat woman for a half day; no
Sunday work; good pay. • 619 Sacramento st. -
FIRST class operators on custom coats; steady
work. 1215 Market St.-, between Sth and 9th.
WAITRESS wanted. 515 Valencia st
NEAT waitress. Capital Restaurant, 206 Mc-
Alllster st. - . ¦
WAITRESS wanted. 416 TKIrd St.; restaurant.
GERMAN or Swedish girl for general house-
work; plain cooking. 659 Broderick st.
WANTED — Refined German woman • to take
care of 2 little girls; references required.
Box 4416, Call office.
WANTED— German or American girl; light
housework. 1120A Treat ave. ¦ ¦ «
YOUNG girl for cooking and general house-
work; 2 in family; wages $15. 205 Taylor st.
WANTED— Competent girl for cooking and
' housework. Apply at 2409 Washington st.
GERMAN girl for housework; small family;
no children; wages $12. 1432 O'Farrell st.
WANTED— German girl for upstairs work and
assist. with children; apply mornings; car
fare, refunded. 1004 Paru st, : Morton station,
Alameda.
WANTED — Business -woman of experience and
gocd Judgment can find good opening. Ad-
dress box 43S5. Call office. .
FffiST-CLASS operator on 'Vests; steady work
guaranteed. BELASCO & HARRIS CO.. 541
¦ Market st.
FEW more aeents wanted In every town on
Pacific Coast to advertise and sell medicine;
good commission. . 1327 Market St., room 3.
WANTED — A German girl to care for children
during the day. ol620 Waller st. - - . " .
FIRST-CLASS buttonhole maker and finisher
on. vests; good wages. 919V4 Howard st • :
GIRLS wanted. • Bookblndery, 536 Clay st.
WANTED— Experienced waitresses; also girls
to learn; no fee. 127 Mason st.
WANTED— First-class finisher on pants; steady
work. - 461% Minna st. near Sixth. .
WANTED— A girl for pasting. Satchel factory,
Seventeenth and Folsom sts. i^ ¦¦
FIRST-CLASS finisher on custom coats; steady
.work. 222 Kearny. St.- '. . ' . . '."¦'.
GOOD girl' to learn bookbinding. MYSELL,
ROLLINS CO.. 22 Clay St. .
WANTED— Girl to work In shooting gallery;
good wages. 523 Pacific st.
GOOD sewer wanted In bindery. MYSELL-
ROLLINS CO., 22 Clay st. .'.-. .r .
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at : 1096
'* Valencia,' st.V ' : '
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received' at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore..
HELP . WANTED-MALE. \ '\
ENGINEER ¦ and • tool sharpener . fol» mine, $3
: day, see boss here; machinist for sawmill, $75.
. J. F. CROSETT.& CO.. 62S Sacramento .st.
GERMAN barkeeper for country, $40 and found ;
• 3. hotel cooks, $50; .second cook, hotel, $30;
restaurant cooks, waiters, ¦ dishwashers, ! for
. hotels and Institutions,' $20 and $25 and found,
• and othjers. J.' F. CROSETT & CO., 62S Sac-
! ramento Bt. ¦'.; . ¦ •;
FRUIT farmer and wife for Alameda Co., $50;
> 12 farmers, $1 25 day and $30 and found ; milk-
'ers, $30; teamsters, $2 and $1 25 day and board:
•": Scandinavian for gentleman's place, $25; j
" -Scandinavian 'coachman," 1 $35; "choremen," $20 "¦
:and $30; 2 stable men, $30 and found;. miners,:
, laborers for mines, and " many othe% J. ; F.
' CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacramento St. I
HELP WASTED — WAT.E— Ton.
MURRAY & READY .". .Phone Main 8S43
...Leading Employment and Labor Agents...
634-636 Clay Street.
675 men to work on railroads. .....^Free Fare
¦ . > For S." P. R. Co.
-- : For Santa Fe. -¦-':':
For Cal. N. W. Ry. - ¦
We ship three times a day, morn, noon and
night Cal N. W. Ry.
100 teamsters and laborers.. Uklah.. Free fare
. •¦•'-.- ' 1 Santa FeR.R.' I
12S men as laborers, no experience required, to
¦ work on the Santa Fe system....'. . v
I Stockton,' Merced, Bakersfield Free Fare
8. P. R. R. Co.
BOO laborers on the S. P. R. R. Co.'s different
divisions, including Los Angeles and Santa
Barbara; wages . for the above R. R. work
$175 to $2 50 day Free Fare
3 ; machine, miners, gold mine, Plumaa Co.,
fare paid, $75 & fd.; 14 miners, single hand,
. $75 and found; S miners, $50 and fd. ; 15 muck-
. ers, $75; 20 laborers for a mine, $60 and found;
18 laborers, mine, $60; - 6 laborers, $34 and
found ; 6 men, . surface work, mine, $30 and
found; for ditch work, 25 laborer*. $2 25! 10
drillers, $2 50 day; E tunnelmen, $3 day, north-
¦ era part of State ......reduced fare*
....LABORERS AND WAREHOUSEMEN....
10 men to handle grain, see boss here. $3 day;
5 laborers to handle freight, $40 and found; 10
laborers, city, $27 50, board and room; 17 la-
borers, $14 week; 15 quarrymen; $2 to $2 25
day; 10 laborers for brickyard, $123 to $150
and found .*....
.........V........ TEAMSTERS
100 teamsters, Ukiah. Free Fare
25 two-horse teamsters," Amador Co $2 day
16 four-horse teamsters, Amador Co. .$2 25 day
15 ranch teamsters,. $32 CO and found, sanitt
ranch
...........SAWMILLS AND WOODB
15 woodsmen. $40 to $65 and found; 10 labor-
ers for lumber company. $40 and -found; I
-linemen; 4 crosscut sawyers: 3 Jackscrewers ;
20 men to pile cord wood, $60; 2 men to cut
pine woQd, $175 cord, tools furnished; 8 bark
peelers, $40 and found........ «
Farms, Orchards, Hay and Harvest
5 wheat bucks, $53 and found; 175 men for hay
. and harvest fields, $125 to $2 day and found: !
15 men, steady ranch Jobs; 27 orchard and
vineyard hands; 6 pruners, $26 and found; hay
balers, 20c ton; cheesemaker, fare $1 70, $35
and found; 18 milkers, $30 to $40 and found;
27 choremen and choreboys; 3 cattle herders,
fare $125, $30 and found : .'....
• • MECHANICAL
Blacksmith to sharpen drill and run engine
for a small mine, see boss here. $3 day; black-
smith, fare $1, $40 and found; blacksmlth'B
helper, Napa Co., $40 and found; horseshoer,
Santa Cruz Co., $2 50 day; machine black-
smith; blacksmith, north, $3 day; woodwork-
er; carriage painter, $40 and found;' young
man, experienced, planing mill, city
MISCELLANEOUS :
(Gardener, $30 and found; choreman, private
place, $30 and. found; stableman, winery, coun-
try, $30 and found; 5 deck hands; 15 stable-
men, country and city, $30 to $10 and found..
HOTEL, BAKERY
••••• AND OTHER DEPARTMENTS
Cook, small resort, good place, $35 and found;
cook, small camp, $30 and found; 3 ranch
cooks; cook, city hotel, $45; 10 cooks for other
Jobs; 24 waiters, city and country, restaurants
and hotels; camp waiter, country, $30; camp
waiter, city; 34 kitchen hands; vegetablemen
• and dishwashers; baker, country shop, $60 and
found; baker's helper, $25 and found; porter,
city, $20 and found.
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S; 104 Geary st
Wanted,- 2000 men for new railroad work.
Teamsters, laborers, tunnelmen, drillers,
muckers, axmen, choppers and crosscut saw-
yers ' for >
Uklah,
¦ » Nevada, . • ;
Truckee,
Coast Road,
Santa Fe system,
. Chatsworth Park (big tunnel).
Wages from $1 75 to $2 50 per day. .
Free fare. Ship to-day. Free fare.
."¦ . HOTEL DEPARTMENT.
Cook, springs, see boss here $60
Head second and dishwasher, springs ....$120
• Second butcher, country hotel .\$o0
, Strong, tall man to run a dishwashing
, machine, no experience necessary, coun-
try hctel t steady place and fare free $30
3 young men to carry off dishes, country
hotel,- and learn waiting, see boss here,
$25 and free fare.
2 silvermen, country hotel, free fare...... $25
Assistant porter, country hotel, free fare. .$23
Blacksmith, country hotel stable, $45 and
found and free fare. . •
Vegetableman, Lake Tahoe, fare paid, $30;
2 dishwashers, river steamer, $25; potwasher,
hotel. $30; 3 cooks, small hotels, country, $40;
assistants for baker shops ; 5 dishwashers,
$30; waiters for different country hotels, $25,
$30 and $35; night cook, fry cook and broiler,
city, ! $60 and $65. \
MISCELLANEOUS.
Coachman arid gardener, city $40
Swede, choreman, city $25
. Colored man and wife, country, see boss
here % $40
Man and wire, man to work in the fields, $2
to $2 50 a day; woman to do cooking, $25. see
bo<33 here
Farmer^to milk three cows' $35
Blacksmith and shoer, country $3
Man to wash wagons and run separator,
city $2
Blacksmith for country .:.... $40, $45
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary St.
AT CALIFORNIA EMPLOYMENT AQENCT,
i 59 Third st.; Dhone Bush 405.
100 R. R. laborers, S. P. Co.'s own work;
L. A., and Santa Barbara divisions;
No experience required.-
$1 office fee: no other expense.
•FREE FARE. SHIP DAILY. FREE FARE.
10 harvest hands... v . $2 per day and board
10 lumber pliers $35 per month and board
Blacksmith, country $3 per day
6 men to handle grain $3 per day
5 swampers for lumber woods, $40 to $45 per
month and board.
4 tree fellers, $35 per month and board.
4 cross cutters, $50 per month and board.
Head lineman, donkey engine, $6« to $S0 mo.
A— TWO strong young men for springs, $25 and
-found; free fare. • . .
MRS. M. E. DAY 335 Geary st.
S. F. EMPLOYMENT OFFICE, 323 Kearny St.
50 R. R. laborers, Ukiah and Santa Barbara,
free fare: 50 laborers for lumber mill, ship
Thursday; 20 laborers and 20 teamsters, $2 25,
country, fare $1 20; porter, $30 and found.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE, 26 Montgomery, r. : 12.
¦ Second cook, $43; silver man, $25; dish wash-
/er, $23; porter, $25; 2 colored waiters, $30,
JOURNEYMEN Barbers' International Union-*-
Free employment. 927 Market St., room 207.
I. LESS. Secretary; telephone Jessie 1176.
A TRAVELER visiting the grocery and vari-
ety trade can get a profitable and easily sold
side line; no samples; beautiful illustrated
pocket catalogue. . THE HOWARD H. HO-
¦GAN CO., wholesale grocers, 104 Pine st,
San Francisco, Cal.
HONEST, Bober man. willing to work and of
good habits, to be generally useful in a saloon
and rooming house; -wages $15 per month and
board. Call at Vallejo Express Office, 511
•> Market st. , between 2 and 4 p. m.
WANTED— 2 first class experienced bookkeep-
ers for temporary work; must be rapid, ac-
curate and sober. Address, stating fully ref-
erences, experience and salary wanted, box
4422 Call office. . ' ._
YOUNG boy who understands shorthand and
typewriting; does not need to have machine;
' steady position to right boy with good pros-
pects for advancement. Call 309 and 311 Sac-
ramento st. ' ¦
WANTED— -Experienced domestic salesman;
state age, experience and salary expected.
Address box 4443, Call office. -
WANTED — A man of neat address, who is will-
ing to work. Call .Tuesday after 9:30. 17
Donohoe building.
A FIRST class boys* and children's clothing
salesman; none others need apply. RAPH-
AEL'3. Inc. .
WANTED— Stenographer familiar with real
estate business. Box 4435 Call office.
BOY wanted— 17 yaars old! DECKELMAN
- BROS.. 106 Ellis st. ¦ .
EXPERIENCED helper for bake shop.' 1509
Polk St. -
COATMAKER and general- tailor for country.
Apply REISS BROS.. 24 Sutter St.
WANTED— Pipe . fitters with tools. . TAYLOR
. & PRITCHARD, 12 and 14 Market st. •
"WANTED— Dishwasher, for restaurant 1522
-Kentucky. .'.'";
WANTED— A good first-class dinner waiter, at
304 Mason Bt. - ¦¦ .-¦ - ¦ ¦.
WANTED— A boy to learn the trade In black-
smith shop. . 4S4 Eighth st
WANTED— A dishwasher and lunch waiter at
9 Drumm st. ; no Sunday work.
PAINTER wanted;, $2 50. a day. 323Twenty-
thlrd.ave., San Francisco. ;
IRONERS wanted— Men or women; highest
wages paid. Address at once Union Laundry
Sacramento.
WANTED— An experienced man to drive milk
wagon. -1408 Devisadero st.
WANTED— Foreman : on ' cakes. 911 . Larkln
street. /.. .
PORTER wanted for general work at the Rose-
dale, 321 Ellis.
WHEELWRIGHT and blacksmith helper
- wanted. • 1504 Folsom st. ---""¦' ¦ 1 ',
WANTED — Elderly man to. do chores- around
bakery. 1139 Folsom st
MASTER Barbers meet to,- night at 102 O'Far-
rell street, 8:30 o'clock/ S. HELLER, Secty.
WANTEIh-Stock olerk for men's clothing de-
partment • at RAPHAEL'S, Inc. • .
TEN: flrst-class palnten wanted. 1614 Market
:? street' : 'X>'-, '¦'¦¦'- '« ' '
TWO-CHAIR barber shop for sale - cheap. 206
• Leavenworth ¦ st. . . - .• . ;
THE • Boston ' \ Institute - of Autoshavlng— We
•j_ ; teach men the art of self-shaving; terms rea-
"<" sonable ; office hours -10 to 12 a. m., Fto-4
and 6 to 8 p. m s 10a E1113 St., room 31,-, • :REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
George and Bernardina Hildebrant to Jacob
Schwartz, lot on N line of Hayes street, 162:0
E of Octavia, E 29:6 by N 120; $10. ;
Samuel and Georglana Wheeland to Frederick
W. and/Sophia" Rraus, lot on S line of McAl
lister street, 53 E of Webster, E 25 by S 87:6;
$10. ¦
Estate Lucy Armstrong (by Joseph Winter
burn, executor) to Frederick Seibel, lot on
SW corner of Pine and Flllmore streets, W 81:3
by S 27:6; $12,250.
Maria and Pedro Altube to Grace Qrmart,
lot on S line of Jackson street, 137:6 W of
Devisadero, W 28:9 by S 127:SV4; $10. i -'
L. H. and Lizzie Sly to H. B. Pinney, lot on
SW corner of' Filbert and Broderlck streets,
'S 137:6 by W 80; $10.
Patrick and Ann E. Swift to Peter Swift,
lot on S line of Thirteenth street, 50 W of
Belcher. W 25 by S 110; $10.
Thomas L., William W. and Sarah A. Tom
linson, Louisa Bridgett -and Charlotte Bepler
to Sarah L. Tomlinson, -lot 'on E line of Noe
street, 225 N of Fourteenth. N 25, E 150, S 17,
E 12. S 8, W 162;; also all interest in estate
of Thomas Tomlinson; $1.
Henry W. Tomlinson to same, game; $t
J. J. and Katherine T. Donovan to David W.
Cronin, lot on W line ot Florida street, 140
S of Twenty-sixth. S 100 by W 100; $10.
Joseph, Harriet B., Jacob and Bertha G.
Weissbein to Arthur D. and Lilly M. Reynolds,
lot on N line of Twenty-third street, 200 W
of Hoffman avenue, W 25 by N 114; $10.
' John F. Drlscoll to Margaret J. Dolan (wife
of M. J.). all interest in lot on E line of Mason
street, 100 N of Post, N 37:6 by E 55; $10.
Same to same, all same; also all interest in
estates of Cornelius and Timothy J. Drlscoll; $5.
Jerlmiah J. Driscoll to same, lot on E line
of Mason street; 100 N of Post, N 37:6 by E
55; $1000. ... i
Michael J. Dolan to Margaret I. Dolan, same;
Harriet G. and Alexander Center to Genevieve
Savory, lot on S line of Vallejo street, 137:6
W of Leavenworth, W 27:6 by S 137:6; $10.
Julia A. (or Julia C.),Gately to George -H.
Lent, lot on N line of O'Farrell street, 237:6
"W of Leavenworth, W 25 by N 90; $10.
Clayton B. Wilson vs. Henry E. Bothin, Aiida
W. and Richard Graves Jr., A. C. Freese (ad
ministrator of the estate of Helen E. Graves)
and German Savings and ; Loan Society (by Ed
Schwab, referee) to Henry E. Bothin, lot on
SW line of Fremont street. 205 NW from Fol
som, NW 25 by SW 80; $6500.
Catherine Boyle to Lawrence Boyle, lot on-
SE line of Welsh street, 225 SW from Fourth,
SW 25 by SE 80; gift.
Teresa Kenny to Charles H. Baker.- lot on NE
line of Morris avenue, 175 NW from Bryant
street, NW 37:6 by NE 80; $10. '
Frederick F. and Anna Speckman to Albert
W. Scott Jr., lot on NE line of Sixth street,
125 SE from Bryant, SE 25 by NE 90; $10.
. Richard P. Hammond to Robert B. and Edith
M. Gird, lot on N line of Twenty-fifth (Yolo)
street 50 E from Rhode Island, E 25 by ¦ N
100: $10. • .. '
Mary E. and 'Harry B. . Smith to John D.
Azevedo. lot on W line of Twelfth avenue, 200
N from California street, N 25 by W 120; $10.
Jacob and Lina Heyman to Adolph and Frida
Kruse, lot on E line of .Ninth , avenue. 108 N
from Clement street, N 56 by E 120; $10.
Frederick Boyd to Anton Messerschmidt. un
divided half interest in lot on .E line of Forty
seventh avenue. 250 S from J street, S 25 by E
120; $5. - ¦ .
Solomon and Dora Gctz to August* F. and
Johanna C. Koehncke, lot on NE corner of L
street and Tenth avenue, N 100 by E 32:6; $10.
¦ Solomon and Dora Getz to Charles E. and
Mary E. Graham, lot on E line of Tenth ave
nue, 125 N from M street. N 100 by E 120; $10.
Lawrence Boyle to Catherine Boyle,- lot on
NE line of Powell avenue, 175 SE from Mission
street, SE 25 by NE 100; gift, , -
James Geraghty (or Geragthy) to Curti3 Hill-,
yer, lots 2. 22, 23, ZS, and 39. block 10; lots 14 and
21 block 28; lots 1 and- 2, block^7; lot'31, block
45 Sunnyslde: also property on* E line of Ar
lington avenue, 150 N from Holloway, E 112:6
by N 75. being lots 12, 13 and 14, block 26, Lake
view; $1. - ¦'
• Lakeview and Sunnyslde Improvement Com
pany (by O. L. Berry, commissioner) to Curtis
Hillyer, same (except piece in Lakeview); $1300.
Eliza C. Herbert and estate of Joseph M.-
Comerford (by Eliza C. Herbert, administra
trix) to P. J. Millerick, lot on NE line of
Cortlarid avenue. 150 NW from California, NW
25 by NE 105: $600. - ~; ¦ . ¦
¦ Odd Fellows' - Cemetery Association to W. A.
Meeker." lot in said cemetery; $220..
Same to E. B.Burr, same; $130.
Same to same,' same; $150.
v :-J Alameda County. . v
Joseph J. c Southern to Helen ." J. Southern,
undivided one-half interest in lot 2, block 2025,
Map 2,-Whitcher Tract. Oaftland;" gift
". L. G. .and. Mary I., 'Burpee • to H. L. Osgood.
all interest ' in lot on -.W- line of Telegraph
avenue, 40 S of Thirty-second street, W. 100.02,
S 35, E 99.53, N 35. being a portion of block
2036, Rowland Tract, Oakland; $10.
William Bucht to Jacques Buchi, all Interest
in lot 4, block B, KlinknerviUe Tract. Oak
land; $10.
Margaret Thome (single) to Anton and Kath
arine Rumpf, lot on E . line of Ellis street,
225:9 S of Russell, S 37:9 by E 120. being N
37:9 feet of lot 100, block 10. Map Lands of Re
gent-street Homestead Association, Berkeley;
no.
Arthur H. and Caroline H. Breed to .M. W.
Sargent, re-record 628 D. 114, lot 4, block 1,
map. of subdivision lots 1 to 5, Stone Tract,
subject to a mortgage made by Benjamin Ma
loon to Cosmopolitan Mutual Building and
Lean Association, now a Hen, Brooklyn Town
ship; $10.
Jacob and Maria T. Burkhardt to August
Pellegrini all interest In lots 44. 45 and 46,
block E. Map of Melrose Station Tract, Brook
lyn Township; $10.
Drury B. and Mattie Parker to Mary U Lay
mance (wife, of M. J.), lot en SE line of Fifth
avenue, 175 NE of East Ninth street. NE 125
by SE 140. N portion of block 9, Clinton; also
lot on SE line of Fifth avenue, 1 137:6 NE of
East Ninth street, NE 37:6 by SE 140, same.
East Oakland; $10.
Andrew Andersen (single) to Metha Ander
sen, lot on E line of Tenth street, 100 S of
University avenue, S 50 by E 135, block 100.
Tract B, Berkeley Land and Town Improve
ment Association. Berkeley; gift.
Joseph and Harriett Westall to George L.
Marshall, lots 25 to 28. block R, Laurel Grove
Park, Brooklyn Township; $10.
OAKLAND'S DELEGATES TO
I. 0. G. T. JUBILEE CHOSEN
Large Representation to' Attend Fif
tieth Anniversary of Founding
of the Order.
OAKLAND, July 8.— The Oakland dele
gation to the jubilee celebration* of the
Independent Order of Good Templars to be
held in San Francisco to-morrow night
will leave the narrow gauge depot on
Fourtofrth street on the 6:45 train: The
following named have been chosen to act
in this capacity: ; ,
Mrs. Abell. V. F. Anthony, C. L. Allen, T.
Beyman, Mrs. Bowie* J. M. R. Bell, J. Buch
an. George Buchan, Leslie Birch. Bell Bluett.
Hattie Barkley, Alice Barkley, Mrs. Kriess,
William Kriess, Miss Cook, Mrs. Cann, A. E.
Cann, Mr. Collins, Mrs. Colby, Mr. Cumminss,
Th6maa Cunningham. Mrs. Lillian Dogge, C.
de Mont. Frank Dillen, B. Dowd, Miss J. Mc-
Culley. M. McKinnon, G. Newman, Maud Nel
son, Laura, Norman, Clara Norman. A. New
by, Ethel Nash, G. Orr, Mary Pym, Mrs.
Partridge, A. M. Parks. S. H. Kirk. John
Robbins. Charles Reid, J. Southwlck, Ivey
Scott. Annie Williams, Mrs. Wells, Hazel
Wells. Hugh Weir, Mrs. Willard. Sarah Wil
lard, George Wyman, Mrs. Young, Professor
Meads, Miss Halphilne. G. Davis, C. Disney,
J. S. Eccleston. Miss Fratardo, George Fitch.
Thomas Gammel, Manuel Gallardo. Mr.
Hughes, H. F. Harrington, R. L. Jennings. M.
N. Jenkins, Arthur Jones, Mr. and Mrs. L.
Kreiss, Mrs. Kennedy, Henri Kessemann. E.
Loughridge, Mrs. L. L. Long, Agnes Lymas,
Mrs. Myers, Mrs. F. E. Moorehead, L. P.
Mllle, Ethel McKenzle, Hattie McKenzie. Jes
sie Mclntosh. Mrs. McGuire. Mr. McKay, Miss
L. McCulley.
Oakland Lodge, I. O. G. T.. is one of the
largest in the State. The following offi
cers are now In charge:
Chief templar, H. F. Harrington; past chief
templar, J. S. Eccleston; vice templar, Clara
Norman; chaplain, Miss C. Disney; secretary,
Stanly Rich; assistant secretary. Miss E.
Loughridge; financial secretary, John Robbins;
treasurer. B. Doud; marshal, J. Southwlck;
deputy marshal. Miss Hazel Wells; guard.
Miss J. McCully; sentinel, O. S. Allen; lodge
deputy, Mrs. Cann; superintendent of juvenile
work. Miss Loughrldge; pianist. Miss Annie
Williams.
The Jadies of Oakland Lodge have or
ganized an auxiliary to provide social en
tertainment for the members. It is called
the "Maidens of the Twentieth Century
Club." The ofHcers are as follows:
President, Miss F. Loughridge; vice presi
dent, Mrs. William Kriess; secretary. Miss
Sarah Willard; treasurer. Miss Hattie McKen
zle.
FIND MISSING WAGON
LOAD OF MERCHANDISE
, OAKLAND, July 8.— The police depart
ment has recovered near Rockrldge Park
a wagon" containing $300 or $400 worth of
rugs and other household goods owned
by the Chicago Clock Company. George
Darcy, residing at 811 "Union street, has
been in custody at the City Prison for
twenty-four hours because of his connec
tion with the peculiar circumstances
which attended the loss of the wagon by
David Josephs, the agent for the com
pany, who had charge of the outfit.
"Josephs, accompanied by Darcy, went
out Saturday morning for a peddling trip.
During the agent's temporary absence
Darcy drove off with the team. He got
lost In the suburbs, then started back on
horseback to find Josephs. The horse ran
away with Darcy and was picked up by
the police early yesterday morning. Last
evening Josephs and Darcy landed at the
City Jail, where the latter was detained
after the police had heard the story. This
afternoon the detectives found the horse
less wagon with its load of valuable mer
chandise half-buried in a gulch near Rock
ridge. Darcy was released from custody,
but Josephs is still puzzled about the
strange disappearance of his outfit.
¦ • ¦
CHARGES AGAINST COUNTY
HOSPITAL NOT SUSTAINED
OAKLAND, July 8.— Charges of mis
management and abuse preferred by Wil
liam Bell, a former inmate of the County
Infirmary, against the officers of that
institution are without foundation, ac
cording to the raport made on the mat
ter by SupervisorRowe at to-day's meet
ing of the board.
Bell claimed that he had been com
pelled to perform menial services and
that he had been subjected to personal
abuse until he found himself compelled
to leave the hospital.
Supervisor Rowe .examined several wit
nesses and failed to find any justifica
tion for the charges. The other inmates
of Bell's ward told Rowe that the com
plainant boasted that he had been in
eVery county infirmary in the State.
SUFFERS SEVERELY
• FKOM PTOMAINES
OAKLAND. July 8.— Dr. N. H. Cham
berlain has been confined to his bed for
several days from an attack of ptomaine
poisoning. His condition was critical, but
he is now out of danger, having been al
most constantly attended by Dr. A. L.
Cunningham, with careful nursing. Dr.
Chamberlain bffame violently ill on
Wednesday.' He jnrew rapidly worse and
his illness assumed a very alarming state.
To-day the patient is much improved, al
though he is still unable u> leave his resi
dence.
¦ * ¦
Gas Explosion Causes Fire.
The explosion of a volume of gas which
had leaked from a defective pipe caused
an early morning flre Monday and endan
gered the residence which Is occupied by
M. D. Sachs and family. An alarm was
turned in before the fire had gained any
headway, and the arrival of a flre com
pany prevented serious loss.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JULY 9, 1901.
11
PERSONALS-— Continued.
MASQUERADE tcoEtumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
UK LAMOTTE'S French Corn Paint, the* best
corn cure; 25c; all druggists.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1,
PALMISTRV.
JIME. GERMAINE, the business palmist of
the Pacific Coast; 1 to 5. 906 Market st,
MRS. LAMB, scientific palmist; head and face
reading; lessons given. 617 Jones Bt
H. JEROME FOSSELLI. scientific palmist, 515
Taylor et.. b»t. Geary and Post: tel. Black 561.
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
DR. C. C. O'DONN ELL— Office and residence,
1C21 Market et.. between Sixth and Seventh.
DR. WONG HIM, herb doctor, successfully
treats all diseases of the human body; see
teftimenials at office. 115-117 Mason, nr. Elii<«.
A— DR. WONG WOO. herb doctor; sanitarium,
764-768 Clay st.; see testimonials at office.
PILES.
NEARLY 1000 permanent cures here In your
midst: many who have suffered 20 to 30 years;
over 60 raises of prominent business men
tent as rrference; no chloroform, surgery or
delay from business, and no salves for sale.
Particulars address Physician, box 1950 Call
office. S. F- Cal.
HEAL, ESTATE— CITY— FOR SAL _~'
A. E. BUCKINGHAM Real Estate
26 Montgomery 6t Room 1L
$16,500—75 ft. on Mission Bt. and lmpts. for
factory; rer.ts $112; bargain.
J4S30 — Stylish new flats, 4 and 5 rooms; very
eunny; rer.ts $40; Twenty-third st.
$11.000— Stylish new flats; Hayes Et; fine lo-
cation; n-r.ts ?lli.
$2750—2 fiats, 4 and E rocms; Baker St.;
rents $41.
$3000— Modern 4 and E room flats; California
Et. end Eighth ave.; rents $30.
$215(»-Snap; Clay-st. lot, 25x100; north Bide;
f.ne residence location.
PARK LOTS— $500 AND UPWARD.
$SCS Lots— Sunset Heights— Lots JS55.
On installments; Eleventh ave., between H
and I cts.. near entrance Park music stand;
cars pass property.
$3000 Houses— Easy terms— $3250; above
block. 6 and 7 rms. bath, etc.; plans at office.
A. E. BUCKINGHAM. 26 Montgomery st.
room 11: branch office. SunSet. 1215 Ninth ave.
REAL ESTATE — COUNTRY — For Sale
A RANCH, ALAMEDA CO., SACRIFICED.
Eight*- acres, one of the prettiest, profitable
little ranches above Livermore, In this county;
Jive minutes' walk to railroad station; good im-
provements; over 100 tons hay this year; plenty
cf fruit; recent owner for several years has
mace good living and money to loan; old age
required his trading it for income city property;
present owner, unable to occupy ranch, has or-
dered it sold at any sacrifice; horses, wagon,
chickens; fruit; about 100 tons of hay; all Im-
plements; the best ranch proposition in Califor-
nia; close 10 market; present owner allowed
SSfiOG for it one week ago: new flat mortgage of
S1500 can remain; our instructions are to obtain
en immediate offer; fullest investigation so-
licited; only a few hours from San Francisco;
don't come unless you mean business.
LATMA.VCE REaL ESTATE CO..
460-462 Eighth St., Oakland.
$500 — A RARE chance to secure a farm or stock
ranch; 220 acres unequaled grazing Govern-
ment land on county road in Humboldt Coun-
ty, Cal.; 3 horses. 4 cows; fine young stock;
house and outbuildings on place: Epring
vrcter. Further particulars, 6ee SETTLER.
Elcho House. S63"-s Market st. -
J3000— A GREAT bargain; 103 acres; a profitable
and beautiful home farm en side hill, 1 mile
from Calistoga, on county road; 10 acres in
fruit, all in bearing:: 7 acres new vinej-ard;
sood soil; well timbered; pasture and crop
land; beautiful view; improvements first
;class; house 6 rooms and bath, in splendid
condition; barn and outhouses; water from
eprinjrs piped to house and grounds; all farm-
ing implements and tools, wagons, etc. ; good
?-easons for immediate sale. Address MRS.
A. MARTIN. Calistoga. Cal.
FOR SALE.
BARGAIN' IX SUBURBAN HOME.
Brand new artistic 2-story and basement
TKmse of * rooms, porcelain bath, .furnace^ etc.,
in Ross Valley, at San Anselmo. with magni-
ficent view of Mounty Tamalpais; only 5 min-
utes' walk from station ; lot 100x221; price only
J3C00. Apply to O. D. BALDWIN & SON, 22
Montgomery et., or to station master at San
Anceima
POULTRY and dairy ranches for sale; write for
free list. C. R. WINFIELD, Petaluma. Cal.
REAL ESTATE TO EXCHANGE.
WILL EXCHANGE— For suburban property
around the bay or San Jose, one cf the finest
corners on Eleventh St., in Oakland, DOxlOO
ft. lot; 12-room house; value $8000. Want a
cheaper property and cash balance. Box 4436,
Call. * ¦
REAL ESTATE WANTED.
I WANT to buy flats from $2500 to $8000; spot
cafh if cheap: s:ive full particulars. Box
43"3. Call office.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
11900— COTTAGE. 5 rooms; lot 33x134; terms;
Taylor ave.. Encinal Park Station. J. H.
TOUNG. builder. 1243 Park Et.
BERKELEY ADYERT1SEMENTS
OERKELEr REAL ESTATE.
EIG bargain— House. C rooms, bath and pantry;
2 blc.kF to station, school, churches and
ftores; lot 45xi2O; Rcod well of water; street
¦n-oik done; price $1400; $100 cash, balance $15
mor.thly. . •
House of 3 rooms: fruit trees; nice flower
e'.iti vegetable pardon; convenient to station,
firctric cars, stores, etc.; fine location; lot
EOxlSfi; price JIOOO; $100 cash, balance $12 50
monthly.
Must be sold at once — Cottag*. 6 rooms,
trial h, pantry, inlaid floors, folding doors, con-
crete foundation and bafement; chicken
houses, bain, fruit trees, arbor, flower gar-
den and lawn: ornamental trees; lot 50x135;
pr:ce K5W'; iJOO cash, balance to suit; bank
loaned J20C0 on th's property and cost over
$40f0; 2 blocks to Etstlon, Bchool, church and
Ftores. Take Berkeley train, get off at Lorin
station ; office wc?t side of railroad track;
open Sundays. KCDOLPH. PERKIXS &
I.YOX.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BKOADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
$1800— JUST like rent; $100 down, balance
monthly; 5 rooms, bath, high basement; lot
L0xlC3 (note the size); street and walks com-
plete: near local station, school and churches.
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO..
100S Broadway. Oakland.
J1G00— COZT modern Eastlake cottaee of 5
rooms, bath, hall, high basement, laundry.
brick foundation; double parlors, etc. (all In
I.<xx1 condition); Ftreet work all done; stone
walks laid: one block off San Pablo ave.;
liandy to narrow pauRe station; sunny front-
agc; now well rented; bargrain for a quick
ccii tale but terms can be arranged.
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO..
,;,- 1008 Broadway, Oakland.
Sewo— ELEG ANT home sacrificed; corner
EIrhth and Adeline ste. : only one block from
fetation; 13 rooms; .modern plumbing and
etcam furjiace; finished basement and attic;
newly painted; convenient and prominent lo-
cation for local physician or San Francisco
business man; lot 50x100 feet; nice lawn, and
all in good condition; cost $11,000; a bis sac-
rifice. * .
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO..
IOCS Broadway, Oakland.
$3250 — EAST of Broadway; comfortable home of
8 rooms In tbe choicest part of Oakland;
owner non-resident; reduced price, for a quick
cash sale
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO..
1008 Broadway, Oakland.
J10O0 CASH. W £0 monthly— A model 6-room
cottage, chicken *hed, barn, stable. Immense
fruit trees; email assorted fruit; a lovely
gardfn of vegetables; flowers In profusion;
hiph ground and level; tot 40x160; more land
car. be had cheap; city water; close to a fine
public school and 3 churches; one block from
electric car line; this is a grand ready-made
home and one rare to find; price in all. $1500;
no fogs nor cold Winds; adjoining East Oak-
land. Call or send for circular. 455 Seventh
st.. opposite Broadway station, Oakland; car-
rl&pes free. H. 2. JONES, owner.
%ZW> CASH. $20 monthly; up-to-date, modern 2-
story house of 9 rooms; all conveniences;
large lot, 150 ft. deep, on Fruitvale ave.; no
legs nor raw winds; a lovely home at a bar-
Rain: price all told. $2750; will make term*
to *uit or discount for cash. 455 Seventh er..
opposite Broadway station, Oakland; carrl&ff»
*«e. H..Z. JONES, owner. 1
OAKLAND 'ADVERTISEMENTS.
OAICLAN D REAL ESTATE.
AN unusual list of choice bargains
-..___' Absolutely being sacrificed.
Every piece;" must sell; submit offer.
J2S50. cost % 4250— Fronts electric cars; on
main street; one of Oakland's choicest neigh-
borhoods; magnificent gothic etyle cottage;
6 large rooms; folding doors; mantels; gas
fixtures; washroom; stationary tubs; every
convenience. •< ¦
House— Cost $1850; elegant terrace; lot 66x
116; cost $2400; total $4250; bank I mortgage
J1CG0; owner has made special trip to Oakland
to effect quick sale; reduced to J2S00; offer
considered.
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO.,
460-462 Eighth fit., Oakland.
$2S50— COST a great deal more; modern 8-room;
built by owner; porcelain bath; gas fixtures;
3 6tatlonary stands; folding doors; mantel; ce-
ment foundations; fine large • attic entire
length of building; stable; lot 50x145; street
complete; location desirable; near Grove-st.
electric cars; adjoining sLx 2-etory modern
residences; banker offered fZOOO loan on same
this week; balance must be cash; owner
called to Honolulu to Join her husband; figure
this out; it's a snap bargain; offer on this
would also be considered.
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO.,
460-462 Eighth st., Oakland.
$5000— COST $7500; choicest location on Tele-
graph ave.; finest thoroughfare in Oakland;
elegant residence, 9 rooms, replete with all
modern conveniences; large lot; select neigh-
borhood; grand location for professional man;
fine Investment; can rent $40; don't fall to see
this"; offer considered.
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO., .
4C0-462 Eighth et.. Oakland.
$8500— BEAUTIFUL Lakeside District 12-room
residence; large lot, 150 feet in depth; no
choicer location in Oakland; superb neighbor-
hood; property must be sold; owner non-resi-
dent and has solicited us to obtain Immediate
offer.
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO..
460-462 Eighth Et., Oakland.
$1150— SPECIAL snap; bank mortgage $1200;
new colonial bay-window cottage, 4 rooms,
I reception hall, porcelain bath, nickel plumb-
ing, mantel; 30-ft. lot; macadamized street;
electric cars half block; a perfect little home;
modern and complete; must sell; only $250
'over mortgage.
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO.,
460-462 Eighth St., Oakland.
NEW homes on Telegraph ave.; just completed;
entirely modern; 8 rooms, bath and laundry;
front and back stairs; nickel-plated plumb-
Ing: mantels, gas fixtures, lawns, cement
¦walks, etc.; lot 31x100; all four are of a differ-
ent style of architecture. A. J. SNYDER,
Real Estate, 467 Ninth St., Oakland.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
OAKLAND ROOMS AND BOARD.
TENTH, 572— Beautiful sunny rooms; excellent
home cooking ; $20 upward; references.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
AN introduction to you from H. Schellhaas, the
furniture dealer, 11th and Franklin, Oakland.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
ASH ave., .636—5 sunny housekeeping rooms,
partly furnished, $14.
CEDAR ave., 24, near Larkin, Post and Geary
sts.— 3 sunny unfurnished housekeeping rooms;
running water; bath; reasonable.
EDDY, 939— Floor of four nicely furnished
housekeeping rooms ; private residence ; fine
location.
GEARY. 669— Handsomely furnished suite for
housekeeping; bath on floor. .
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 622—1 large room (for
housekepeing) ; gas range; folding bed; bath.
HAYES, 738— To let, 2 large unfurnished, also
2 furnished rooms for housekeeping.
HOWARD, . 105S— Furnished rooms for house-
keeping."
KEARNY, 215— Front suite of housekeeping
rooms; single room, $1 50 per week. MRS.
E. M. TOBIN.
OAK, 10 — Two rooms furnished for housekeep-
ing; also single rooms.
OAK, 119— Large sunny front rm. furnished for
housekeeping; $9 50; storage and closet.
POLK. 1002 — 3 and 5 room suites, completely
furnished for housekeeping, $15 up; reference.
SUTTER, 2620— Bedroom, dining-room, kitchen;
bath; furnished complete.
TURK 123— Newly furnished rooms; fine suite,
$20; also others; board if desired.
TURK, 2S0 — Newly furnished house; .come
quick and select your rooms; very reasonable.
TURK. E2S— Two housekeeping rooms to let;
$16 ; bath; telephone; laundry.
VALENCIA, 1232—1, 2 or 3 housekeeping rooms;
furnished; gas; bath; sunny;, yard; laundry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia Et.
ROOMS TO LET— Fum. and Infurn.
AHLBORN HOTEL, 321 Grant ave.— Best $1 a
day family hotel in city; polite attendance;
large rooms, 50c up; mealc, 25c; free coach.
A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE, 148 Sixth— Rooms.
25c to $1 per night; $1 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
BURNETT. 1426 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nished rms., suites, single; also unfurnished.
CLIFFORD, 20» Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
FOLSOM, 1520, near Ninth— Nicely furnished
sunny room; new flat; modern Improvements.
FRANCISCO— Elegant suites; 6ingle with baths;
tra nsient. MRS. KING. Turk and Taylor.
HARRISON, 784 1 /£, pear 4th — Finely furnished
rooms: bath, all conveniences; homelike; $1
week up.
HOTEL Graystone. 66 Geary St.— New 6-story
fireproof hotel; electric light and elevator; un-
questionably the most luxuriously furnished
in rhe city; eteam heat; private baths; one
block from Palace Hotel. Phone John 3331,
HOTEL ST. DENIS (European plan). 24 Turk
et., near Market— Central location; new build-
ing; elegantly* furnished; strictly first-class;
EOc per day and upward; special rates by the
week or month; best In the city; references.
HOWARD. 030— Boston House; rooms 10c, "15c,
25c per night; new management; transient.
HYDE, 299— Lovely large corner suites and
single rooms; private bath.
KEARNY, 34, and 47 Post— Sunny furnished
rooms and offices; rent reasonable.
LAURAL House. 93.0H Mission— Rooms to let.
MARKET, 1015 (New Arlington)— Nicely fur-
nished rooms, $2 a we^ek up; 35c a day up.
MARTINET, 1101 Geary— Elegant suites, newly
furnished; private; bath; single rooms $10 up.
MCCLELLAND, 200 Turk St.— Sunny furnished
single and double rooms; also transient.
MINNA, 667. corner Eighth*-Newly furnished
bay-window room, $1 per week; transient.
MISSION, 925% — Well furnished ' sunny bay-
wlndow front rooms; quiet house. - -¦¦;¦•¦¦
O'FARRELL, 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; «lec. lights; day, week, mo.
OXFORD, 271 O'Farrell — Furnished front suite
and single rooms, $3 week up; transient.
PINE place, 6, off Pine St., bet. Mason and
Taylor— Three sunny rooms; rent $10.
POWELL, 207 (changed hands)— Nicely fur-
nished rms., en suite or sin.; baths; transient.
ROYAL House, 126 Ellis— Incandescent light;
reading-room, smoking-room and ladies' par-
lor; rooms, per night, 33c to $1 50; week, $2 to
IS: month. $S to $30; elevator on ground floor;
rooms with hot and cold water; baths. -
EHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth Bt,
near Market— Furnished or unfurnished.
EIENA House and Faloon, 410-412 Broadway —
Most elegantly furnished eunny rooms in lo-
cality; rents reasonable; first-class attention.
TAYLOR, 106— Sunny rooms, $1 25 a week up;
transient, 25c and 50c per day.
THE Almora. Mission and Twentieth— Changed
hands; rooms and board; modern. ¥^**TJ55.^JC
VAN NESS ave., 1612— Elegant sunny alcove;
also room, newly furnished; private family.
$1 20 A WEEK— Sunny front furnished room;
closet with bath. 834 Foleom Bt.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has ¦ been established at 1036
Valencia Bt
ROOMS AND BOARD.
AN exceptional table; pleasant rooms; good
service : popular rates. 807 California st.
UNRIVALED furnished rooms; best corner in
Oakland; unsurpassed- family tab'e. 25c per
meal; $4 per week; every accommodation and
attention. . 1103% Broadway, cor. Twelfth St.,
third" flat. Oakland.
HOTEL Las Palmas, 1820 Market— Suites. 2 or 3
rooms, bath, connecting ;Bog.rd optional.
HOTEL Repelier, 7S1 Sutter— Newly furnished;
excellent table; special rates to tourists.
THE Victor, 1006 Pine — New management; thor-
oughly renovated ; sunny suites with board.
PINE, 1222 (old Ralston home)— Elegantly fur-
nished sunny rooms, en suite & single; board.
THE HEATH. 312 Eddy— Nicely furnished sunny
front rooms, en suite, single; excellent cuisine.
THE Crocker, 915 Leavenworth— Fine sunny
rooms, single and en suite; beautiful grounds.
ROOMS AND BOARD WANTED.
WANTED— By 2 young ladies, room and board
In private family; convenient to business dis-
trlct. Box 43S2. Call.
ROOMS WANTED.
WANTED — Housekeeping rooms; private fam-
ily; pleasant home; convenient to Market st. ;
at once; man and wife. Box 4328. Call office.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
THE Pacific Hebrew Orphan Asylum and
Home Society hereby gives notice that they
have admitted into the orphanage from Janu-
ary 1, • 1901, to June 30, 1901, the following
named orphans and half orphans, boys and
girls: Lillian Wolf, aged 8 yrs. 2 mos.; Hat-
tie Wolf, 13. yrs. 1 mo. ; Arthur Wolf, 5 yrs.
6 mos.; Augusta Smith, 10 yrs. 10 mos.; Rosa
Blaine, 4 yrs. 2 mos. ; Max Shloker, 6 yrs.
9 mos. ; Isidor Shloker. 5 yrs. 9 mos. ; Hen-
¦ rietta Shloker, 4 yrs. 4 mos. ; Alta Cohen, S
yrs. 5 mos.; Annie Cohen.- 6 yrs. 11 mos.; Lil-
lian Cohen, 10 yrs. 4 mos. ; Ruby Cohen, 7 yrs.
7 mos.; Esther Schwarzberg, 4 yrs. 1 mo.;
Estella Miller, 11 yrs. 11 mos. ; George J.
Miller, 10 yrs. 4 mos. ; Rose Shapeero, 9 yrs.
9 mos. ; Ellas Shapeero, 7 yrs. 3 mos. ; David
Shapeero, 5 yrs. 11 mos.; Ezra Shapeero, 3
yrs. 10 mos. : Abe Kampinsky, 8 yrs. 1 mo.
NOTICE is hereby given that the Maria Kip
Orphanage, 520 Lake St., San Francisco, has
received the following orphans and half or-
phans—girls—from April 1 to July 1, 1901:
Bertha Koepp, 3 years 5 months; Pauline Ol-
sen, 9 years 10 months;- Florence E. Reed, 7
years 2 months; Sadie Chapman, 9 years 7
months;. Ldra E. Williams, 1 year 6 months;
Alice Monahan, 1 year 7 months; Grace Lavil-
lan, 10 years 5 months; Julia Voss, 11 years 3
months; Floria- Voss, 7 years; Constance M.
Henry, 7 years 11 months; Genta Fishburn, 8
years; Violet M. Bishop, 11 years 11 months;
Gladys "W. Bishop. 9 years 4 months.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 415 Montgomery St., rooms 9-19, tel." B580.
DISEASES and ailments of men treated; con-
sultation free. American Dispensary. 514 Pine.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVlD^NDnotlce^The C^ntra~Costr~Water
Company; a dividend, No. 190, of forty-two
cents (42c) per share on the issued capital
stock of the company has been de-
clared, payable at the office of the company,
room 1C, second floor,- Mills buildins, San
Francisco, on July 15, 1901. Transfer books
close July 5, 1901, at 3 p. m.
¦ EDWARD McGARY, Secretary.
DIVIDEND notice.— The Nevada NatlonalfBank
of San Francisco. At a regular meeting of
the board of directors of this bank, held July
2, 1901, a dividend was declared for the half
year ending June 30, 1901, at the rate of 7 per
cent per annum, payable on and after the
15th Inst. Transfer books will be closed
from the 7th to the 15th inst, both days in-
clusive. GEORGE GRANT, Secretary.
DIVIDEND notice— The Giant Powder Com-
pany, consolidated — A dividend. No. 31, of
seventy-five cents (75c) per share on the Is-
sued capital stock of the company has been
declared payable at the office of the com-
pany, 435 California St., San Francisco, on
July 10. 1901. Transfer books close- July 3,
1901. at noon. A. A. SPARKS. Secretary.
DIVIDEND Notice— Dividend No. 2!) (thirty
cents per share) of the Paauhau Sugar Plan-
tation Company will be payable at the office
of the company, 327 Market st.. on and after
WEDNESDAY. July 10, 1901. Transfer books
closed Saturday, June 29, 1901, at 12 o'clock
m. , E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
LEGAL ADVERTISEMENTS.
NOTICE of Intention to lease seawall lot No.
15 and portions of seawall lot Ko. 14 — Office of
the Board of State Harbor Commissioners,
Union Depot and Ferry House, San Francisco,
Cal., July 5, 1901: Sealed proposals or bids
will be received at this office at 2:30 o'clock
p. m. on Wednesday, July* 17, 1901, for leasing
all of the seawall lot "No. 15 and those por-
tions of seawall lot No. J.4, described and
inclosed by metes and bounds, as follows,
viz.: Commencing at the Intersection of the
northerly line of Broadway with the easterly
line of Davis street, running thence easterly
along the northerly line of Broadway one
hundred and forty-three (143) feet, thence
running northerly on a line parallel with the
westerly line of East street one hundred (100)
" feet, thence running along a curve of thirteen
degrees and thirty minutes (13 degrees 30 min-
utes) (curving to the right) one hundred and
ninety-one and eighty-five one-hundredths
feet (191.85 feet) (measured on a curve) to a
point m the southerly line of Vallejo street;
thence running westerly along the southerly
line of Vallejo street, fifty-seven feet (57 feet)
to the intersection of the southerly line of Val-
lejo street with the easterly line of Davis
street; thence running along the easterly line
of Davis street two hundrd and seventy-five
feet (275 feet) to the point of beginning; also
that portion of said lot bounded and described
as follows: Commencing at the intersection
of the northerly line of Broadway with the
westerly line of East street, thence running
westerly along the northerly line of Broad-
way twenty feet (20 feet); thence running
northerly at a right angle to the northerly
line of Broadway to the intersection with
westerly line of East street; thence running
southerly along the -westerly line of East
street to the point of beginning for railroad
terminal freight facilities in connection with
the operation of the Belt Railway System of
Bald Board of State Harbor ommissioners,
its successor or successors. The purposes for
which said premises may and shall be leased
and used are to consist solely In, of and for
the laying and maintaining of railroad tracks
• thereon by the party to whom the lease shall
be made and executed and the loading, un-
loading, hauling and switching of freight cars
thereover and thereon and the construction,
maintenance and operation -of the usual fa-
cilities therefor— the hauling and switching of
such cars to, from and on < said premises to be
done and performed only by the said board,
its successor or successors, the lessee to pay
for such hauling and switching the regular
rates established for such service by or un-
der the authority of law or by said board, its
successor or successors; such payment to be
In addition to the rental to be paid for the
lease of such property. Said bid must state,
among other things, the purpose for which
said premises will bemused. A statement of
the bid will be embodied in the lease award-
ed, given and executed with a statement and
covenant that the property shall be used sole-
ly for such purpose. The board reserves the
right to reject any or all bids. Blank forms
on which bids may be made can be secured
from the secretary of this board at his office
In the building aforesaid, and the bidders are
requested to use the same. Said lease shall
contain proper terms and covenants to- protect
the parties thereto. Said property will be
leased to the highest and best bidder.
PARIS KILBURN,
RUDOLPH HEROLD JR
JOHN C. KIRKPATRICK.
\ Board of State Harbor Commissioners.
V LOTT D. NORTON. Chief Engineer. '
S<.WM. D. ENGLISH, Secretary.
IN the Superior Court of the city and county
of San Francisco, State of California— Probate
—In the matter of the estate of WILLIAM
H. AYERS. deceased. Notice for publication
of time appointed for probate of will. c. C
P., See. 1303. Notice is hereby given, that
Tuesday, the sixteenth day of July A D
1901, at 10 o'clock a. m. of that day, 'and' the
courtroom of Department No. 9 of said court
at the New City Hall, in the city and county
of San Francisco, State of California, have
been appointed as the time and place for
proving the will of said "WILLIAM H
AYERS. deceased, and for hearing the ap-
plication of Katie Myers Ayers for the is-
suance to her of letters testamentary thereon
(Seal.) WILLIAM A. DEANE, Clerk.
By V. F. NORTHROP. Deputy Clerk.
Dated July 3. A. D. 1901.
HENRY C. McPIKE,
Attorney for Petitioner. -
PROPOSALS.
OFFICE of C. Q. .M.. Vancouver Barracks,
Wash., July 6, 1901— Sealed proposals, ¦ in trip-
licate, will be received here until 11 o'clock
.a. in., August 6, 1901, and then opened for
furnishing forage and bedding at i the sev-
eral military posts in this department, and at
camp at Skaguay, Alaska, and Fort Liscum
(Port Valdez), Alaska, for fiscal year ending
June 30, 1302. Information furnished here or by
quartermasters at posts. United States
reserves right to "reject or accept any or all
proposals or any part theeof. Envelopes con-
taining proposals should be marked: "Pro-
posals for Forage and Bedding at ." and
addressed to" tire undersigned. J. W. JA-
COBS, C. Q. M.
OFFICE of C. Q. M.,- Vancouver Barracks
Wash., July 1, 1901. — Sealed proposals. In
triplicate, will be received at depot quarter-
master's office, Portland, until 10 a. m.. Pa-
cific time, and at Chicago, 12 m., Central
time, 13th Inst., for furnishing and delivery
of 2S0 standard cavalry horses at Portland,
Forts Riley and Leavenworth, or other promi-
• nent railroad points, 6Ubjec{ to an increase
of 20 per cent. Preference given to animals of
domestic production, conditions of quality and
price being equal. United States reserves
-"right to reject or accept any or all proposals
or any part thereof. For further information
¦ see Circular to Bidders or apply to quarter-
master at Portland or Chicago. . Envelopes
containing proposals should be marked: "Pro-
posals for Cavalry Horses," and addressed to
Depot Quartermaster, Portland or Chicago.
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, | sold, rented, exchanged, re-
palred; open even.; phone Black 1124: 205 4th.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.'
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.,
office Post and Powell sts.; tel. Main 5713.
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse. 840 Mis-
sion St.; tel. Howard 941. F.-W. ZEHFUSS.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., 722 Mission St.;
tel. Main 1840; shipping at cut rates.: . . ' ¦'.
PACIFIC Storage and - Furniture Moving Com-
pany, 2320 Fillmore St.; phone Jackson 281.
TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES.
GRBaFIaRGAINS "iN^TPEwSTf ERS^We
sell better machines for less money than any
| house in the city; rentals, $3. The Typewriter
Exchange, 636 California; telephone Main 266.
RENT a new Franklin typewriter for $1 week
and ¦ have your work in eight. CUTTER
TOWER CO., 302 Montgomery; tel. Black 4885.
HARTFORD typewriters;' new, $60; anti-trust;
all makes; used machines, $10 up. 209 Sansome.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriaee licenses were issued
Owen e! McCarthy, 26, 2220 California street,
and Nellie Rourke, 20, 211 Franklin street.
Joseph Weber, 29, .1664 Pacific avenue, and
Annie Harris, 24, 1011B Jackson street. -
George A. Hensley, 27,- 807 California street,
and Julich P. Dubois, 19, 3249 Folsom --street.
John G. Eppler, 33, 152 Tenth street, j and
Anna Heitmann, 33, 510 Fulton street.
Jesse M. Heacock. 25, 506 - Natoma street,
and Katie Mellineer,' 23, E06 Natoma street.
William N. McKay, 21, 410 Hermann street,
and Agnes M. Gaertner, 18, 2910 Sixteenth st.
\ Alfred Voligny, 26, ¦ 854 Folsom street, and
? Agnes Dooley, 20_ Fruitvale. .' • - - '
Patrizo D. Bocca, 25, 530 Vallejo street, and
Katherine D. Rico, 19, 4 Bannan place.
William R. Chambers, 36, 1825 Green street,
and Ida I. Bickmore, 22, 3677 Twenty-third st.
Chester S. Smith, 30, 711 Taylor street, and
Alice H. Chipman, 21, 2515 Laguna street.
Jame* O'Connell. 33, 103 Devisadero street,
and Grace E. Loud, 26, 1305 Octavia street.
Frank A. Sylva, 30, Petaluma, and Minnie
M. -Grider, 17. Stockton.
Alexander T. Moore, 32, city, and Nina E.
Moore, 31, Denver, Colo.
Max Abrahams, 37, 320 Hayes street, and
Minnie Solomon, 27, 930 Ellis street.
Alexander H. Donnelly, 22, 20 Minna street,
and Sophie Downs, 18, 36 Croke street.
Gelsomino Anuzzi, 27, 405 Vallejo street, and
Maria Crambia, 16, 17 Varennes place.
Albert N. Enderlin, 28, 318 Thirteenth street,
and Anna Egger, 2C, 318 Thirteenth street.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES- DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and «be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
COSGROVE— In this city, July 8, 1901, to the
wife of E. G. Cosgrove, a daughter.
MYERS— In this city, June 22, -1901, to the wife
of C. A. Myers, a daughter.
WIPRUT— In this city, July 6, 1901, to the
wife of Herman Wiprut, a daughter.
HARRIED.
LAMBERT— HENDERSON— In this city, July
6, 1901, by Rev. S. D. Hutsinpiller, Henry H.
Lambert of TaComa, Wash., and Gertrude
M. Henderson of San Francisco.
MEYER— LA VEAU— In this city, July 7, 1901,
by Rev. S. D. Hutsinpiller, Clayton M.
Meyer and May Frances La Veau, both of
Stockton, Cal.
NICHOLS— ARMSTRONG— In this city, July
7, 1901, by Rev. F. W. Fischer, Chester
Nichols and Edna V. Armstrong, both of San
Francisco.
PAGE— HOLLENBECK— In this city, July 7,
1901, by. the Rev. Dr. John A. B. Wilson.
. John Page of San Francisco and Annie Hol-
lenbeck of Oakland.
SYLVIA— GRIDER— In this city, July 8, 1901,
by Rev. S. D. Hutsinpiller, at Central
Methodist Episcopal Church, Frank A. Sylva
of Petaluma, Cal., and Minnie Mabel Grider
of Stockton. (Stockton and Woodland papers
please copy.) '
_______
Buttel, George A. Heath, Mary E.
Brady, Mary E. Kernan, Thomas B.
Bradshaw, Timothy Le Conte, Joseph
Buck, William Langstadter, Meyer
Courtright, Edward Marshall, Hugh McA.
Finn. Jeremiah McDevitt, Peter
Gordon, Louisa ; Manning, James M. •-
Hadler, Henry Ne^f ell, Mrs. Agnes
' Hartmann, Vitus G. ¦ Plummer, Emma ¦.
Hildebrand, Conrad Spotter, John H. ¦
Hartwell, Maggie ... Tierney, Hugh,. -, -:.
Hayes; Michael J. ¦ ' Toomey, Denis
Hirschfeld. William
BUTTEL— In this city, July 6, 1901, George A.
Buttel, a native of Germany, aged 39 years.
E^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 10 o'clock, from the parlors of
H. F. Maass, 917 Mission street, near Fifth.
BRADY— In this city, July 8, 1901, Mary E.
Brady, beloved wife of Edward Brady and
mother of Harry C, Edward F., Daisy arid
Elvera M. Brady, and Mrs. William Ham-
burg, a native of Ireland. . .
E7" The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 9 o'clock, from the family
residence, 15S Julian avenue, between Mis-
sion and "Valencia and Fifteenth and Six-
teenth streets, thence to St. Ignatius Church,
•where a requiem high mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of her soul at 9:30
o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
BRADSHAW— In Oakland, July 7, 1901, at 6413
Telegraph avenue, Timothy Pegg Bradshaw,
beloved husband of Jane A. Bradshaw, and
father of Richard H., William T. and Lillie
E. Bradshaw and Mrs. Sarah Smith, a na-
tive of London, England, aged 69 years b
months and/ 7 days.
ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from the late resi-
dence, 6415 Telegraph avenue, Oakland. In-
terment Mountain View Cemetery.
BUCK— In this city, July 6, 1901, William
Buck, a native of Germany, aged S2 years 8
months and 18 days. A member of Mission
Lodge No. 10, O. d. H. S.
tESTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
H. F. Suhr & Co.. 1137 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth, thence by electric
funeral car from Eighth and Harrison
streets. Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
COURTRIGHT— In the City and County Hos-
pital, July 8, 1901, SMward W. Courtright, a
native of Pennsylvania, aged 21 years.
FINN— In this city, July 7, 1901. Jeremiah
Finn," beloved father of Mrs. William Dow-
dall, Mrs. E. Coret, Mrs. T. E. Treacy, Mrs.
v A. Roser and Mrs. F. Edmondson, a native
of County. Tipperary, Ireland, aged 83 years
8 months and 24 days.
IcyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-mor-
row (Wednesday), at 9 o'clock, from his late
residence, 124 Morris avenue, off Bryant, be-
tween Fifth and Sixth streets, thence to St.
Rose's Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul
at 0:30 o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary
Cemetery. .
GORDON— In this city, July 8, 1901, Louisa
Gordon, beloved wife of George T. Gordon,
a native of England, aged 52 years.
ICTTuneral services this day (Tuesday), at
3 o'clock, at her late residence, 401 Ashbury
HADLER— In this city, July 8, 1901, Henry
Hadler, husband of the late Christine and
father of William and Henry Hadler, and
Mrs. T. Curran. Mrs. A. Hewitt and the late
Mrs. P. Sheridan, a native of Hanover. Ger-
many,- aged 69 years 1 "month and 13 days. '
(E7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 2:30 o'clock, from his lato
residence, 27% Oak 1 Grove avenue. Interment
I. O. O. F. Cemetery. .• ...
HARTMANN— In this city, July 7, 1901, Vitirs
Grayland Hartmann. beloved son of Vitus
and Sine Hartmann and brother of Annie,
Metta and Mabel Hartmann, a native of
San Francisco, aged 8 years 3 months and 10
days. ¦
lC?"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the. funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 10 o'clock, . from the residence
of the parents, 664' Minna street. Interment
Mount Olivet Cemetery. • .
HILDEBRAND— In this city. July 8. 1901,
Conrad Hildebrand, . beloved husband of
•Susanna Hildebrand and father of Mrs. John
Staude and George, Edward and the late
. Henry Hildebrand, a native of Germany.
A member of Hector Lodge No. 10, Modern
Trojans.
(Cy Services will be held to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 1 o clock, at his late resi-
dence, 535 Turk street, between Larkin and
Polk, thence to Cypres» Lawn Cemetery by
electric funeral car from Fourteenth and
Mission streets. Interment private. Please
omit flowers.
HARTWELL— In this city, July 5, 1901, Mag-
gie, dearly beloved daughter of Margaret and
the late George Hartwell, and sister of
John, James. George, Fred and Charles Hart-
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
(Successor to Flannagan & Gallagher.) '
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS
20 Fifth- st., .opposite Lincoln School. ¦ -
. Telephone South .80.
;> UNITED UNDERTAKERS, I
27 and 29 Fifth st. Tel.' South 167.- "
FUNERAL DIRECTORS ' AND ' EHBALMESS.
Finest Equipment, at Moderate Rates. '
jambs McGinn, v|
Formerly with McGinn Bros., has opened'
new Funeral Parlors at 214 Eddy st. bet
. . Taylor and Jones. . Telephone South 576. , ' -.
well, a native of San Francisco, aeed 11
years 5 months and 20 days.
K7"Friends and acquaintances are respect- .
fully invited to attend the -funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 10 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 206 Shipley street. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery. . -'.: ... ?..-'.
HATES— In this city. July 7, 1901, Michael J.,
beloved husband of .Hannah Hayes, and
father of William, George, Julia. Bell and
Josephine Hayes and Mrs. Adolph BunsoR of
Illinois, a native of Limerick, Ireland, aged
65 years, i ¦• .
ICT'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully. Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday^ at 8 130 o'clock, from the parlors
of Carew '& Enslish, 41 Van Ness avenue,
thence to St. Patrick's Church. Mission
street, where a requiem mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of his soul, commenc-
ing at 9 o'clock. - Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
HIRSCHFELD— Entered Into rest. In this city.
July 7. 1901, William, beloved husband of
Jetta Hirschfeld, and father of Mrs. Ma-
thilda Esberg,' a native of Fuerth. Bavaria,
aged 76 years and 10 months.
E7"Funeral and interment private to-day
(Tuesday), at 10 o'clock. -Please omit flowers.
HEATH— In this city July 8, 1901, Mary Eliza-'
beth Heath, beloved widow of the late Rich-
ard W. Heath, in her 72nd year, a native of
Richmond, Va. (Richmond, Va., and -New
Bedford, Mass., papers please copy.)
K7" Friends are respectfully invited to at-
the funeral services to-morrow (Wednesday),
at 11:30 o'clock, at St. Luke's Church,
corner Van Ness avenue and Clay, street. In-
terment private. .
KERNAN— In this city, July 6, 1901, -Thomas
B. Kernan, husband of Mrs. J. B. Kernan,
and nephew of Judge B. H. Baird of Byron,
Cal., a native of Kentucky, aged 38 years.
KTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invitel to attend tho funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 3:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of A. W. Martin & Co., 319 O'Farrell street.
LE CONTE— In Tosemite, July 6, 1901. Pro-
fessor Joseph Le Conte, beloved husband of
Caroline 'E. Le Conte and father of Mrs.
Farish Furman, Mrs. R. M. Davis and Car-
rie and Joseph N. Le' Conte, a native of
Georgia, aged 78 years 4 months and 10 days.
C7"The funeral service will be held Thurs-
day, July 11, at 3 o'clock, at Hearst Hall,
College avenue, near Bancroft way, Berkeley.
Interment Mountain View Cemetery.
LANGSTADTER— In Los Aneeles, July 7. 1901.
Meyer Langstadter, beloved husband of Ruth
Langstadter and son of Seligman and Jean-
nette Langstadter, and brother of Isaiah S.,
Daniel, Cecelia. Pauline, Adeline and Llllle
Langstadter, a native of San Francisco.
MARSHALL— Drowned in Napa Creek. July
7, Hugh McA. Marshall, son of P. S. and
Jane Marshall, and brother of Mrs. C. A.
Loring . and Sydney T., Grace M., Alfred,
Robert and Chester Marshall, a native of
Nevada, aged 25 years and 8 months.'
McDEVITT— In this city, July 8, 1901, at his
resideuce, 4020 Twenty-third street, Peter,
beloved husband of Mary McDevitt and
father of William S. McDevitt, a native of
Ireland, 76 years.
IC"Notice of funeral hereafter.
MANNING— In this city, July 7* 1901, James
M., beloved- father of Edward, John, Paul
and Virginia Manning, aged 69 years 7
months and 22 days.
IET The funeral .will take place this day
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of Carew & English, 41 Van Ness avenue,
thence to St. Mary's Cathedral, where a re-
>quiem mass will be celebrated for the repose
of his soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. In-
terment private. Please omit flowers.
NEWELL— In Oakland, July 8, 1901, Mrs.
Agnes, S. Newell, a native of Maine, aged 81
years 6 months and IS days.
PLUMMER— In Alameda, July 8, 1901, Emma
• Plummer, beloved wife of "William Plummer
and mother of Walter J. Plummer, and Mrs.
George R. Moss, a native of England, aged
74 years 9 months and 14 days.
SPOTTER— In Stockton, July 5, 1901, John
Henry Spotter, beloved son of Maria D.
Spotter, and brother of Fritz Sootter, a na-
tive of Schleswie, Germany, aged 48 years
and 16 days. A member of Unity Lodge No.
27, A. O. U. Workmen.
E^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of H. P. Petersen, 228 McAllister street. In-
terment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
HALL of Unity Lodge No. 27, A. O. U. W.,
32 O'Farrell street — The funeral escort is
hereby notified to assemble at the hall this
day (Tuesday), at 1 o'clock, to attend the
funeral of our late brother, J. H. N. Spotter.
Fines will be strictly enforced. By order of
N. RIESE, Master Workman.
H. GRIMSHAW, Recorder.
TIERNEY— In this city, July 6, 1901. 'Hugh
Tierney, dearly beloved brother of Mrs. A.
Hickey, Edw. Tierney and Mrs. T. Trouin,
a native of County Leltrim, Ireland, aged
40 years.
[C7"Friends and- acquaintances are respect-
fully invitad ¦ to attend the funeral to-di».y
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of the Henry J. Gallagher Undertaking Com-
pany. 20 Fifth street, thence to St. Joseph's
Church, where a solemn requiem mass will
.. be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencine at 9 o'clock. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery. {
TOOMEY— In . this city, July 6, 1901, at the
. . Potrero,.« Denis, .beloved r husband Annie
Toomey, father cf Annie and Daniel Toomey
and Mrs. J. T. Monaghan, and brother of
Mrs. D. C. Dunn, a native of Dunmanway,
County Cork, Ireland, aged 62 years. A
member of Golden West Lodge No. 264, A.
O. U. W. (Boston, Mass., papers please
copy.)
E?"Friend3 and acquaintances are respect- .
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1101 Kentucky street, thence to St.
Teresa's Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul
__ at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
"~ tery.
RAILWAY TBAVEL.
Santa Fe Trains
Leave Market-street Ferry Depot.
"~~ TLocal I Lim'd I Ovrl'd I Local
I Dally I » I Dally I Dally
Lv. San Fran 7:20 a 9:00 a 8:C0p 4:20 p
Ar. Stockton.. 10:18 a 11:45 a 11:10 p 7:18 p
"Merced .. 12:22 p 1:17 p 1:19 a 9:11 p
"Fresno .. 2:05 p 2:35 p 3:05 a 10:50 p
" Hanford. 3:12 p 3:27 p 7:06 a
" Visalia .. 3:40 p 4:43 a ....
" Bakersf'ld 6:15 p 5:20 p 7:30 a
" Kans. Cy 2:40a 7:30a
" Chicago 2:15 p 9:00 p
a for morningr. p for afternoon.
'•9:00 a: m. train is the California Lim-
ited, leaving Monday and Thursday only,
carrying Palace Sleeping Cars and Dining
Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car runs
to Bakersneld for accommodation of lo-
cal first-class passengers. No second-class
tickets honored on this train. Correspond-
ing train arrives at 5:55 p. va. Tuesday and
Friday. . . ¦ ¦ .
4:20 p. m. Is Stockton and Fresno local.
Corresponding train arrives at 12:30 p. m.
daHy. .'-¦¦.
8:00 p. m. is the Overland Express, with
through Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
Free • Recllnlnur Chair Cars to Chicago;
also Palace Sleeper, which cuts out 'at
Fresno. Corresponding train arrives at
5:55 p. m. daily.
.7:20 a. m. is.- Bakersfleld Local, stopping
- at all points in San Joaquin Valley. Cor-
responding train arrives at 8:40 a. m. dally.
i Offices— 641 Market street and In .Ferry
Depot, San Francisco; 1112 Broadway, Oak-
land. • ' • ' ¦ ¦ -¦.-¦¦
/^ik Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
MntriJUn 629 KEABNT ST. Established
SlPlSiJkaik 1 " I* 3 * for the treatment of 1'rivnte
jMJjk/giy Diseases, I^ist Muniiood. Debility or
BjPfiSgwOBjarliseasP wearlngon body and mlmi and
fcJiBftSaiiSSldn Diseuses. The Doctorcurea when
iJtttaSKaBM othe " * a "- ' rrv hlm - I'harges low.
— n — ..«—».« Call or write,
tor. jr. S*. 4iIB.BO.9i. Han Francisco, CaL
BATLWAY TBAVE2L
SOUTHERN PACIFIC.
Trains l«i»v«< »ml are duo to arrive a*
NAN rK.4 9i(!INI'«,
(K»lu Line, Foot of Market Street)
wits — From Jura 15, 1901. — ' assiti
7:00a Bonirfa, 8uUun, Elmira. VacaTUte, .
Ramsey and Uacnuuento 5:*3r
7:3Oa Martinez, San Ramon, Vallejo, N»p»,
Calistuga and Santa Roaa 6iS3r
8:00a Davis. Woodland. Knignta Landiajr.
Maryaville. Orotille 7:3V
S:0Oa Atlantic Kxpreas— Ogdau and But 12:23 r
«?:<>« a Xtles, Lathrop, Stockton I:a->»
SioOa Nllss. Mendota. Hanford. Visalia.
Portenilld 4»03*
S:3l»A Shasta Express— Darii, WillUma (for
Bartlett Springs), Willows, Red
Bluff. Portland. ~:33r
• iSO* 8an Jose. LiTormore, .Stockton,
: lone, Sacramento. Plaeerriile,
MiirysTitie, Chicn, Ite.l Itliitt 4iS3r
S:8Oa Oakdale, Chinese (Yosemito). 30-
nora. Carters 4:S3r
»:OO* Hajward. Nile* and Way Statics*.. • 1:*3a
•tOOA-ValleJo l«^J3p
ViOtfA Los Angeles Express — Martinet.
Truer. Lathrop. Stockton, Jlerced
Freano and Los Anaoies 7:23 r
»:»»» VhII.Jh. Martiuxz amt Way Station* ?:33p
I OsOOa Thn Overland IJ . "ted— Ogden, V#o-
ter, Omaha, Chicago Ai.iSr
tl:OOr Sacramentn River Sie»m«rs t5 ! « (> A
2t3Op Hay ward. Nilrs and Way Stations.. ?:33r
•f.tOOr'UeuIcIa. Winters, tiaeraiuentot
Wootliaud. Knfclits Lauding.
MnrysvlUe.Orovllle IO:»3\
¦IsOllr Marline*. Kau Itainon, Vallejo,
N;i»:i. «!.ili«t.»u». KhiiU Kosa »iSSa
4sOOr Nile*, Livermore, Stockton, Lo.H... l*<S3r
¦• •:»«»!• Hayward. Niiea, San .lose. Livtrmoro t*:-i.T»A
4:3 op Fort Cos a. Tiacy, Lathrop, Stockton 1«jS3a
3:OOfTIio Owl Limited— Fresno, Tulaie.
-' ' BakeraBeld. Haugiis for Santa Bar.
bara. Los Anirdea ......' 8:334
3:00? Martin- z. Antioch, Stockton, Mer-
oed, Freano 13:23*
3:0«p Yosemite 1*:»»»
3>30r New Orleans Express— Mendota.
Fresno, BakersSeid Los Angeles,
D.ming. El Faao, New Orleans
and East ..." 7s3Sa
0:OOr Hay ward, Niles aud Sau Jos« 7-i'» »
l«:O»r Vallejo 11:23*
tiiOUr Oriental Mail— Ogilen, Cheyenne.
•**¦ Omaha, Chicago 1»:23>
«sOOr Oriental Mail— Ogden, Denver.
Bt. Louis, Chicago 4sS3r
~:OOp Oregon aud California tixi'ieiw.Ha*
riitiieiitn. Mury.'tvllle, limMIng,
I'm tl I, 1'iigat >( id and Kask S:33a
SiO.irSaja Pablo. Pmt Costa, Martinet
ami Way citations 11>33a
t»:05p Vallwjo 7i3.">f
COAST LINE (Narrow (i»ii S r).
(foot ot Market Street.)
JT:-*3a Santa Cruz Excursion to Santa Cruz
and Principal Wny Stations |* :O5 r
8:13a Newark.Cmi trrvijItvSan. logo, Kelton,
UonlderOruek, Santa Crux and Way
Stations »:5i»r
t«:ISp Newark, Centerville. San .lose. New
Alnutiteu. b'elton. Konlder Creeb,
Santa Cruz ami 1'riocipal Way
Stations 10:30a
¦IsISp Newark, Han Jose, Us Gatos t*W»»«
e MilSr Gleawood. Boulder Creek. 8apteCrni «Mi5Oa
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
From SAI mSMSCO— Foot of Mirket Street (Slip 8>—
T7:15 V:00 11:00a.m. 1:03 3:03 S:lSr.u.
rreaOlIUIB— Fail tf Bre»4«sv.— 1«:00 tt):OO tS:03
lO.OOk.u. 12:00 2:03 i:03r.U. :
COAST IjIXE (Itrnail Uauge).
• (Third and Townsand Sta.)
. «:I»a San Jose and Wty .Stations. 8::;ur
17:«0A San .lone hi. d Wuy Stations !>»»•
/7»««a New Almaden / 4:10r
£?:;10a Sunday Eioureion for 8*n Jcee.
Bants Cruz. Pacific Grove and
Principal Way Stitlons {S:30r
S:OOAHau Jose. Tres Tinos. H:uitii Cruz,
Pacific ({rare, falinis. San Lois
Obispo, Santa Barbara and Prin-
cipal intermediate stations ?>3Op
1O:3Oa. San Jose aud Way Stations. -l»iop
I IiSOa Sail Jose and Way Stations Siltur
t3:13r San Mateo, Kedwooil, Menlo Park,
Palo Alto. .Santa Clara, Sa>-i Jose,
Tres Pines. Santa Cruz, Salinas.
Mouteiey »ii<l i'aciKe Gruve |1«:43»
*:3O F Han Jose and Way Stations 6:3<»a
t4:l 5p San Jose and Prinoipal Way Stattqns 0:43a
t5:OOpSan Jose, Los Gatos and Principal
Way Stations..* fO:OOA
Si.tOp San .lose ami Principal Way .Stations 8:36a
IliOOr Bedwo->d. Han Joss. Gllroy. Salinas,
Sant* Barbara. Loa Angeles 1O:O«a
8:00p Del Monte. Monterey, Paafic Grove,
Loccpoo 1O:OOa
6:3Or8a:i Jose aud Way Stations fM:OO A
qll:43r> San Jose and Way Stations.. 7i3OT
A for Morning. P for A f ternoon.
t Sunday excepted. * Snnday only.
a Satnrday only. < Monday.
c Hatnrdty an i flqaday. / Tuesdays and TiUajn.
CALIFORflU RORTHTOTERH RI. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
TIburon Ferry. Foot of Market St.
San Fr>anc!s:o to San Rafasl.
"WEEK DAYS— 7:30. 9:00. 11:00 a. m.: 12:35.
3:30. 5:10. 6:20 D. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. in. Saturdays— Extra trips at l:5u
and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS-S:00. 9:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30. J:30.
5:00, 6:20 p. m.
ban Rarael to San Francisco.
WEEK DAYS— « :10. 7:50, 9:20, 11:10 a. m.: 12:45.
3:40, 5:15 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:33
and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:10. 9:40, 11:10 a. m.: 1:40, 2:40.
5:05. 6:25 p. rn.
Leave I In Effect I Arrive
San Francisco. |AprlI 28. 1901.1 San Francisco.
Week I Sun- I | Sun- I Week
Dsys. ( days. | Destination. | daya. | Pays.
7:30 ami 8:00 am Novato. 10:40 am 8:40 am
3:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma. 6:05 pm 10:23 am
5:10 pm| 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
Fulton.
7:30 am Windsor. 10:23 am
5:00 pm Healdsburs- 10:40 am
Lytton.
J Geyserville.
3:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 am! 5:00 pml Hopland 110:40 am|10:23 an
3:30 pm| 8:00 ami and TJklah. | 7:35 pm| 8:20 pm
7:30 am] i 110:40 am 10:25 am
I 8:00 am Guerneville. 7:35 pm
3:30 pm| 5:00 pm 6:23 P"
7:30 ami 8:00 am Sonoma I 9:15 am 8:40 am
and
3:10 pm] 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. 6:05 pm «:20 pm
7:30 ami 8:00 am! 110:40 am|10:25 am
3:30 pm| 5:00 pmj Sebastopol. | 7:3j pm| 6:20 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs: at Fulton
for Altruria; at Lytton for Lytton Springs: at
Geyserville for Skassa Springs; at Cloverdala
for the Geysers: at Hopland for Duncan
Springs, Highland Springs, Kelseyvllle. Carls-
bad Springs. Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
SDrinics: at Ukiah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
SDrinss. Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
SDrinus, Upper Lake. Pomo. Potter Valley
John Day' 3. Riverside, Llerley"s, Buckneil"*
Sanhedrln Heights. Hullvllle. Orr-s Hot
Springs, Wendocino City, Fort Bragg, West-
por». • Usal. Willlts. Laytonvllle. Cummins.
Bell's Sr>rin*s, Harris. Olsen's. Dyer. Scotia
and Eureka-
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at re-
'bn Sunday round trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Office. 650 Market street. Chronicle
Buildlns.
H. C. WHITING. R. X. RYAN.
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agt.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausallto Ferry.
Commencing April 23, 1901.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 6:55. 3:30. -9:30. 11:00 a. m..
1245 *1:45. 3:15. 4:15, 5:15. »6:15. 6:43 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and Saa
Rafael on Mondays, Wednesdays, Saturdays
and Sundays at 9:30 and 11:40 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 7:00. 8:00, »9:00. »10:00. 11:00. 11:30
a. m. 12:45, »l:30. 2:30, *3:43, 5:00. 6:00. 7:30
p. m. ' 11-00 a. m. does not run to San Rafael
'Trains' marked (•) run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS-*5:25, 6:27. 7:47. 8:35. 10:15
a m 12:25. 1:15. 2:20. •3:35.4:40. 5:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:45 and 10:00 p. m.
SUNDAYS-6:15, *SM. 9:43. •HW a. m.. It
m. 1:00, 2:13, '3:30. 4:30. •5:43.4:43. 7:30. 10:10
P "Trains marked (•) start from San Quentln. ¦
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 5:45. 6:45, 7:55, 8:55, 10:30 a.
m 12:35. I:* 5 - ' : * 5 » 3:50 > 6:1 °- 5:2 <> P- m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturday* at 7:10 and 10:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS-* :35. 8:00. 10:05. 11:10 a. m.. 12:15.
l-"0 2-30 3:45. 5:00. 6:15, 7:15. 10:30 p. m.
\ THROUGH TRAINS.
1:20. 2:30, 3:45. 5:00. 6:15, 7:15, 10:30 p. m.
3:15 p. m. Saturdays— Cazadero and way sta-
5:15* p. m. week days (Saturdays excepted) —
Tomales and way stations.
6 a. m. Sundays— Cazadero and way stations.
10:00 a. m. Sundays— Point Reyes and way
stations. .
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
' Til StoMllui Ferrj— Foot of Jl*rk« 3r.
. ISt £*— WEEK DATS J **** "£
8:00 A. M.I \ f 12:13 p. it
9:0Oa.M. 1:15 p.m.
10:00 a.m. I envDira j 330 p.m.
USD a. m. ' STJNDAYS 4:50 f. jc
130 P.M. 5:50?. M.
230 P. M.J 17:10 p.m.
r*r#. 3«n rrvidwo m Summit tad Return. |1.48
Ticket Offices. 621 Market St.. & Saosalito Perry.
WeeMy Cal $1.00 wMsocial and business affairs. The clause
objected to by the "members' conserva
tive" party was as follows:
It shall be the duty of the board of directors
at all times promptly to carry out the wishes
and will of the society in any and all matters
pertaining to the society's social or business af
talrs. when instructed to do so by a two
thirds vote of the society at any regular or
special meeting.
According to the conservative party this
would open up the doors to the widest ex
cesses in expenditures, for with no re
strictions as to the membership present
it would be possible for a bare quorum to
vote away any sums it pleased, a condi
tion that would require every member to
be at every meeting or stand the conse
quences.
• The conservatives trace the origin of
the amendment to a growing desire on
the part of many of the members to go
deeper into the Lick funds. As it is now
benefits are paid to every one who needs
them, and they are paid not in regular
amounts, but in amounts suited to the
needs of the beneficiary. No Pioneer is
ever allowed to become destitute, and even
with the strictest economy the society is
eating Into its principal at the rate of
from $8000 to $9000 a year. To Increase this
outlay in any way would be absurd, the
conservatives contended.
Would Start a Magazine.
A magazine scheme was also mixed up
in .the fight. It appears that "Willard B.
Farwell. chairman of the history commit
tee and the nominating committee and
author of the amendment, has long been
advocating the establishing of a maga-.
A. Thompson Rei, the newly appointed
Consul from the republic of Chile to Ja
pan, arrived in this city Sunday en route
to Yokohama, where he goes to assume
his new duties In connection with his
consular mission Mr. Rei will study to ad-
Newly Appointed Consul
to Japan Speaks of
Industries.
WILL PROMOTE
CHILEAN TRADE
Pioneers held their annual
I election yesterday, and last even-
I ing around the banquet table they
Ji Installed the candidates on the
"opposition ticket," for they won
easily at the polls. And the amendment
¦to the constitution over which the fiercest
fight was waged was hopelessly beaten.
This peculiar situation was presented:
The regular ticket was really the opposi
tion, and the opposition was made up of
those not opposed to the policy in force
but in favor of continuing it in defiance of
the regulars, who wished to make it more
expensive and more liberal.
The successful candidates were the. fol
lowing named:
President — Walter Van Dyke; vice presidents
— James Palache and Leonard F. Rowell, San
Francisco; Timothy I». Barker, Oakland;
George Hapar, Colusa; D. O. Mills, New York;
treasurer— F. W. Tallant; Marshal— W. L. Dun
can; Directors— A. R. Cotton. J. H. Jewett, H.
ft. Tilden. E. M. Root. Henry B. Russ. E. T.
Kruse. William Z. Tiffany. Allen Knight and
W. C. Glbbs.
The amendment was beaten by a vote
of 205 to 142.
Too Much -Economy.
The cry of the regulars was that there
was too much economy in the administra
tion of the affairs of the society and in
the expanditure of the hundreds of thou
sands which Lick left to the organiza
tion. It was contended that the directors
should be guided by the society in the
matter of expenditures, and the amend
ment was to compel the directors to yield
obedience to the wishes of the society in
zine, to be backed by the society and run
by himself, and it. was suspected by the
conservatives that one of the first exer
cises of power under the new amendment,
should it go through, would be to vote an
order to the directors to establish the
magazine, with Farwell at its head and a
slice of the society's funds at its back.
The fight has been a literary one, as is
shown by the numerous circulars and
pamphlets that have been sent around
among the members. Most of these have
come from the regulars, but. a few well
directed bits of paper and ink have found
the armor joints of the advocates of the
new thing. At first it was announced that
the issue was squarely on the question of
the amendment, but when the fierce oppo
sition to the amendment began to de
velop the regulars hurried to stand from
under. A scatning . circular, signed by
Judge Niles Searls and Louis Sloss,
brought forth a denial from all the regu
lar candidates cl any connection with the
amendment. It was declared that voters
might vote- on the amendment as they
pleased, as tho candidates were not
pledged on the amendment question in
any way. The denial was useless, how
ever, for the amendment was defeated
before the polls had been open an hour.
From 9 to 5 o'clock 353 votes were cast,
the number representing practically all
the older membership and but compara
tively few juniors.
The banquet after the votes were count
ed was also the annual meeting, and at
the table the Mewly elected officers were
installed. ; The officers who . have been
elected are -practically those of the old
administration.
SOME OF THOSE WHO TOOK AN ACTIVE PART IN THE EVENTS OF THE ELECTION OF THE PIONEER SO
CIETY HELD YESTERDAY AND IN THE CONTEST OVER THE CONTROL OF THE EXPENDITURES OF
THE ORGANIZATION.
'Physicians would not recommend Jesse Moore
WMsfcey if they did not- know it to be ; the best
in the market. , .•-¦¦-»
• Andrew Johnson, an aged laborer; re
cently from the country, was found dead
yesterday in a room' in the rear of 3 Stark
street: Several : empty whisky flasks lay
in- the room vo corroborate . the report of
the autopsy surgeon that death was due
to alcoholism. ...
"Whisky Kills Andrew Johnson.
Henry Lee, a boy 11 years of age, living
at 632 Green street, appeared before Judge
Fritz yesterday. He was 'arrested early
Sunday morning by Policeman Thompson,
who met him and another boy, Frank
Sullivan, running along at full speed. A
moment later a drunken . man • appeared
and said that the two boys had attacked
him and turned his pockets inside out for
money. The Judge continued the case
till to-day that inquiry might be made as
to the boy's character. :• .
"Wants to Be a Footpad.
The Crystal Hot Sea Baths.
Tubs and swimming. Best tonic for nervous
and bodily exhaustion. , Bay St., near Powell. •
The United States Civil Service Comm:^
slon announces that it is desired to estab
lish an eligible register for. the position of
assistant physicist. , It will not be neces
sary for applicants to appear at any place
for examination. From the eligible3 cer
tlflcation will be made to the position of
assistant physicist. Bureau of Soils, De
partment of Agriculture, salary $1600 per
annum, and to other similar vacancies as
they may occur.'.
Persons who desire to compete should
at once apply to the commission at Wash
ington, D. C, for application forms 304
and 375 and special forms, which should
be properly executed and with the mate
rials required filed with the commission
prior to the hour of closing business on
July 25,- 1901. . -¦ .. .-. i
U. S. Civil Service Examinations.
Commissioner Newhall Receives a
Letter of Thanks From. Sec
tary Cortely on. -
President George A. Newhall of the
Board of Police Commissioners received
the following letter yesterday from George
B. Cortelyou, secretary to President Mc-
Kinley, which speaks for itself:
EXECUTIVE MANSION, WASHINGTON,
June 29. 1901.
My Dear Mr. Newhall— At the request o£ the
President I write to thank you cordially for the
very efficient care taken by your department
for the comfort of Mrs. -McKlnley and himself
during their recent stay in San Francisco, and
to assure you that the many courtesies shown
to the members of their party were- thoroughly
appreciated. In this connection I take much
pleasure in stating that the courteous and ef
ficient attentions of Colonel Sullivan and his
force were pspc^HlIy gratifying. With my
personal thanks for your valuable co-operation,
believe me, Yours very sincerely,
GEO. B. CORTELYOU.
Secy, to the President.
Hon. George Newhall, Pres. ! Board Police Com-'
missloners. San Francisco, , Cal.
PRESIDENT APPRECIATES
• SERVICES OF POLICE
The efforts of the police. to capture the
burglars who are infesting the Western
Addition seem, futile and reports of places
being- entered continue to be received at
police headquarters.
Yesterday morning a report was re
ceived that the office of the California
Bottling ".Company on ¦ Kddy street, be
tween Webster . and Fillmore, had been
broken Into, between Sunday night and
yesterday morning and that the burglars
had made- themselves at home. They
drank a considerable quantity of bottled
beer and made. an unsuccessful attempt
to force open the safe. . -
Failing in their efforts on the safe, they
stole a quantity of tools and other arti
cles, besides carrying off a number of
bottles of beer. Entrance was effected by
forcing open the office door with the aid
of a "jimmy." Detectives Dlnan and
Wren are investigating the case.
Company on Eddy Street
Entered.
The Office of the California Bottling
BURGLARS INDULGE
"IN BOTTLED BEER
Commissioners Decide Upon the Lo
cation of Polling Places for
Coming 1 Primary.
¦ The Board of Election Commissioners
at . Its regular meeting \ held yesterday
morning adopted the annual report of
Registrar Walsh. M. Kelly has been ap
pointed superintendent of repairs of elec
tion booths at a per diem of $3 75, com
mencing July 1.
Contracts for the erection and taking
down of election booths were awarded to
C. J. Kuchel, at $11 24 per booth. H. P.
Terry will furnish the coal oil, lamps and
chairs for $4 84. The delivery of the elec
tion supplies to the 106 polling places was
awarded 'to Morton's Special Delivery
Company for $170. The list of places sub
mitted by the Registrar where the pri
mary election will be held on August 13
was finally adopted and will be shortly
published.
Commencing with last night, the Regis
trar's office was opened in order to facili
tate the work of registration, the swear
ing in of election officers and the other
duties- pertaining to the introduction of
the new primary law. The office will- be
kept open from 7:30 p. m. to 9:30 p. m. up
to the date of the election. • .'¦_
MANY CONTBACTS LET
FOB ELECTION SUPPLIES
G. P. Dyer, paymaster, U. S. N.; F. W. Dy
son, an "astronomer sent by the British Gov
ernment to Sumatra: Pay Clerk W. M. Gultck
V. S. N. ; Chevalier de Melotte, Belgian Con
sul at Tientsin ;En3ign Dudley Knox, U. S. N. :
Captain Guy G.- Palmer, U. S. A., : and wife-
David Potter; H. . Tanaka, Japanese Commis
sioner;. Lieutenant R.'H..Townley, U. S N •
Paymaster R. H. .Woods of the U. S. S. Mono
cacy,'and Captains C. H. Davis and Goodwin
E n g n sh armvorflcers. ¦ ,
Lieutenant jCplonelC. Watanabe of the
Japanese army, who has been attached
to . the Japanese War Department at To
klo, was also a passenger on the Nippon
Maru. He is en route to Washington,
where he will report at the Japanese Le
gation as military attache. .He is the
first military attache sent by. his Govern
ment, though the Japanese navy has had
an attache at Washington for a number
of years. ;
Among 'the'; other, passengers who re
turned . on the Nippon Maru were :
I am not one of those 1 , men who think
Uncle Sam has secured - ; a gold brick in
the Philippines. I went to • Cavlte Navy
Yard from China, and from what I saw
of our new, citizens I think 'we have made
a good acquisition. .' Thy all-absorbing
topic In the Islands now is education. The
ambition of. the natives has been aroused,
and the many school teachers Uncle Sam
is sending over there will have their la
bors lightened by the great willingness to
learn now being displayed by the natives.
It is more or less. of an experiment as
yet, but one that in my opinion will prove
successful. •
."The military control, of the islands is
being gradually merged into the civil. In
a few cases native Governors have rot
been a success.- These failures have been
: reduced to the ranks' and their succes
sors have given the autnorities no trouble.
•'The Philippine Commission has done
wonderful work inuhe Islands.. It has an
intimate; knowledge of < the: natives and
their selections of. men- of: the better class
for positions of trust will enable us to
reap whatever advantage the possession
of the islands gives us." .
Among the passengers on the steamship
Nippon Maru, which arrived yesterday
from China, was Colonel H. C. Cochrane,
United States Marine Corps. . He Is one
of the ranking offlcers'.of tne corps which
so distinguished itself in the late war witli
Spain and during tha troublous times in
China. He was sent to ' China shortly
after the outbreak of the China war. He
is, now on his way to Washington, his
presence in China beingno longer needed.
When seen at the .Occidental Hotel last
night Colonel Cochranesaid:
¦ «
Teachers Are Keynote
of Situation in the
Philippines.
NATIVES WANT
AN EDUCATION
Among the Chilean products that the
Consul will give particular attention, to
are the fertilizers. Nitrates and saltpeter
shipped from Chile have been valuable
in cultivating arid lands, and in Califor
nia experiments with them have been
highly satisfactory. The arid acreage in
Japan is large, and tho necessity for the
introduction of a reliable fertilizer is ap
parent. , • . • \.
In discussing tha recent Chilean election,
in which the Llberallst party, headed by
Don Jerman Riesco, won favor in the
land, the Consul anticipates that the Lib
eralists" will do much in furthering the
industrial and social relations of Chile
with other countries, especially the United
States. He speaks in glowing terms of
the new President, Don Riesco, and char
acterizes him as a man of great ability
and capacity, leved by the people and
heartily in sympathy with all their inter
ests. ¦ ¦ ¦ ': .
vance the commercial interests of the
country he represents, and will seek to
promote the Introduction of Chilean pro
ducts in the land of the Mikado.
Three years ago Mr. Rei spent consid
erable time in San Francisco as a com
missioner representative of extensive
trade bodies in Chile. He succeeded in
introducing many of the South American
products in California and in building up
commercial intercourse between this State
and the southern republic to a wonderful
extent. In his efforts the Commissioner
was mainly assisted by his Government,
and the excellent results he accomplished
received- deserved recognition when he re
turned home. The Chilean fleet of steam
ers now running to San Francisco will
soon be largely increased by the addition
of eight new vessels now under construc
tion in England.
I Although the Federal agents who are
Investigating the theft of $30,000 in gold
coin from the cashier's vault at the Mint
are satisfied that a certain employe of
the money coining establishment is guilty
of the robbery, the absence of direct evi
dence prevents the arrest of the suspected
man.
The officials having the case In charge
yesterday employed H. J. Mag-uire, an ex
pert accountant, to go over the books of
the Mint.. While Director Roberts, Super
intendent Leach and Secret Service Agent
Hazen are positive that the missing pold
was stolen, the books are to be experted
in order to satisfy the "Washington author
ities.
For the same reason that the books are
to be experted the sold in the Mint is to
be again counted. "When the shortage of
530,000 was discovered the gold was count
ed by sacks, it being taken for granted
that each sack contained the amount of
coin called for on Its check tab. Yesterday
it was decided to open every sack of gold
in the ¦ building and actually count the
coin by weighing.
Millions to Be Counted.
The amount of gold in the Mint vaults
is more than 547,000,000, and It will take
ten days for the counters and weighers
to tally the treasure.
In the event of any further shortage be
ing found there will be a big upheaval in
the Mint. The Secretary of the Treasury
has given strict instructions that no ef
forts be spared to secure the conviction
of therman who stole the $30,000.
The work of counting the gold In the
Mint commenced yesterday. One of the
big vaults ¦was opened and the counting
was done in the presence of Director
Hoberts, Superintendent Leach. Coiner
Cole, Cashier Cole and other heads of
departments. Each sack was untied, the
contents was then inspected and then
placed in the gold-weighing scales. The
gold coin was then resacked and sealed.
During the day $600,000 passed through
the hands of the counters and weighers.
Chief Clerk IMmmick was at his desk
yesterday, though "William Day was in
charge of the department. "With reference
to certain accusations made against him,
Dimmick declined to make any statement.
Will Talk at th.e Proper Time.
"When the time comes and before the
proper authorities," he said, "I will an
swer all questions put to me and make all
requisite explanations. I have decided
that I Will not talk any more at the pres
ent time."
It is positively stated that Dlmmlck
opened the pay envelopes of Mint em
ployes and used the money when he was
cashier. The matter only came to light,
however, three months a?o, and then Su
perintendent Leach notified »Dimmick that
he must seek another position. Other al
leged questionable transactions by Dim
mick are coming to light, and he does not
attempt to explain them away.
One of the Mint employes who is known
to have played the races steadily is also
being watched by the secret service men.
The man is no: employed in the cashier's
office. Investigation shows that he has
lost three times the amount of his salary
in the past year, and the natural question
arises as to how he managed to secure
funds.
When the count of the gold in the Mint
is finished Director Roberts will call upon
Superintendent ! Leach and Cashier Cole,
through their tondsmen, to make good
the deficit. . ¦"
Books of All Depart
ments to Be Inspected
by Expert.
ALL MINT GOLD
BEING COUNTED
GREAT DOINGS
IN MILL VALLEY
Senator Tyrrell Is Boss
and Runs the Town
Politics.
Raabe and Robinson Already
on Committees for Ad
mission Day.
Los Angeles Is ! no longer to have a
cinch on the gubernatorial job. Some of
the most adroit politicians in the State
have banded together to Incorporate a
town within the bucolic confines of Mill
Valley, and their main purpose Is to ma
nipulate State politics with a view of dic
tating to future State conventions.
The coterie includes such old-time war
horses as Eddie Conroy. Senator Jack
Tyrrell, Major Harney, the general au
thority on wharf tolls, who has made a
6tudy of water front statistics and loves
to dilate on the difference between the
harbors of San Francisco and Liverpool;
Captain Bingham, the ex-Supervisor; ex-
Senator Bibb, the author of the cele
brated Marchand plural, and ex-School
Director Ed Head.
When these wise men get together to
manipulate State politics there will be
something doing. They purpose incorpor
ating a town and handling all the jobs.
Bibb wants to be Mayor, but Tyrrell ob
jects on the ground that the lumber mer
chant became a reformer atter deserting
his old constituents south of the slot. He
quotes Captain Crow of Ninth street to
the effect that Bibb "won't" stay put."
Tjrrell is for Head for Mayor and Major
Harney for Harbor Commissioner. The
embryotic town has no harbor, but Tyr
rell expects to get a bill through the next
Legislature extending a slough up to Har
ney's front porch.
Colonel A. A. Andrews Is also anxious
to become Mayor, but he is not in the
race on account of being a non-resident.
There will be no Palace Hotel erected at
Mill Valley in the near future, but a
handsome weighing scale has been placed
in the center of the town, and the poli
ticians hope in this way to woo Manager
Vining of the Market-street Railway
Company to discontinue his visits to the
Palace Hotel every day and weigh him
self in Mill Valley.
The "Banjo-eyed Kid" is going over to
Mill Valley, and it is rumored that he has
already applied for a permit to conduct
a. poolroom. Senator Tyrrell has divided
the town into districts and his efforts are
crowned with success in having one dis
trict already solid for anybody he may
designate.
On Admission day there will be a grand
celebration. The parade will be a. lead
ing feature. Fred Raabe has charge of
the hacks and Colonel Robinson is chair
man of the fireworks committee. Other
notables will be named for important
committees and functions in. the near fu
ture.
ACCUSED OF SWINDLING
DISCHA»GEI> SOLDIETt
Ernest Sellinger, Pawnbroker Near
Presidio, Arrested for Felony
Embezzlement-
Ernest Sellinger. proprietor of a second
hand store at 2814 Greenwich street, was
arrested by Detective Anthony yesterday
afternoon and booked at the City Prison
on a charge of felony embezzlement. The
complaining witness is Lawrence A. Wood
ring, an ex-member of the Porty-third
Regiment living at the Cosmopolitan
Hotel.
Woodring alleges that last Friday he
purchased a trunk and clothing valued at
S65 from Sellinger and placed his discharge
pipers and an order for a railroad ticket
from here to Cincinnati, <0., in the trunk.
He requested Sellingor to send the trunk
to the Cosmoi>olitan Hotel, but it did not
make its appearance and -when, he asked
Bellinger why it had not been sent Sell
inger replied that he had given It to an
expressman and if it had not been deliv
ercc< it was not his fault.
The matter was reported to Captain
Seymour yesterday morning and he in
structed Woodring to swear to the com
plaint charging Sellinger with felony em
btrzlement. "I have received a number of
complaints from soldiers about this man
SeUinger and others," said the captain.
• and it is time to adopt some drastic
Treasures to stop soldiers from being im
posed upon by these pawnbrokers near the
Presidio. It. is a shame the way in -which
the soldiers have been treated by these
mon. who look -upon them as prey for all
sorts of fleecing."
QXTAEHEL OF SHIPMATES
BESUXTS I1T STABBING
Ernest Maisch Dangeroiisly "Wounded
on Filbert Street by William
Eraimhart.
Ernest Maisch. 1009 Lonxbard street, and
William Braunhart, 1111 Filbert street,
who are shipmates on the schooner In
ternoise. while drunk quarreled at Taylor
and Filbert streets early yesterday morn-
Ing and Braunhart stai>bed Maisch twice,
once in the left breast and the other time
on the left hand. Mrisch was taken to
the Receiving Hospital, where the wound
in the left breast was pronounced dan
gerous.
Detectives Ed Gibron and Hamill were
detailed on the case and all the stations
were notified to be on the lookout for
Braunhart. He surrendered himself at
the Southern station yesterday afternoon
and was booked on a charge of assault
with a deadly weapon.
Striker Beaten by Hired Pugilistt
H. C. Guild, a striking machinist living
at 1423 Morton street. Alameda, secured
a warrant from Judge Mogran yesterday
for the arrest of "John Doe" on a charge
of battery. Guild alleged that he was
passing the Rlsdon Iron Works Saturdav
¦vi-ith a lunch basket on his arm. when a
pugilist, who, he says, is employed to
protect non-union men, kicked the basket
off his arm and struck him several times
# ¦ . ¦
Amendments flaking Expenditures by the Society's
Vote riore Easy Defeated at the Polls.
Hundreds of bogus oil companies and oil
promotion and investment companies are
being operated all over the State, and it
is estimated that the promoters are clean
ing up hundreds of thousands of dollars.
Some of the advertisements inserted in
Eastern newspapers by these bogus com
panies are calculated to make people be
lieve that each and every "oil company"
is sure to. prove a bonanza. /
Ewing is married to a daughter of the
late Senator Mahoney. For a time he fol
lowed the racetrack and then blossomed
out as a "capitalist." Chaney was for
merly a court stenographer in Chicago
and came to this city last year. Nothing
is known in this city of any of the men
whom Ewing and Chaney claimed were
associated with them in the alleged com
pany. It is expected that warrants will
be issued for the arrest of Ewing and
Chaney, as some of their dupes yesterday
declared that they would seek to- have
the two men punished.
Warrants May Be Issued.
Dozens of the dupes of Ewing and
Chaney visited the offices yesterday in
the vain hope that, they might secure
part of the money they had been swin
dled out of. Only two of the lady type
writers were in the office, and they ad
mitted that E~wing and Chaney had not
been in the place since last Friday. One
desk and one chair alone remained of all
the handsome furniture installed by Ew
ing and Chaney to dazzle investors. The
lady assistants said their salaries had
been paid until the end of this month, but
declined to give any further information.
When Ewing and Chaney realized that
their company was under suspicion they
prepared to leave the city. Last Friday
the two men disappeared and their
whereabouts is unknown. Some of their
creditors and dupes tried yesterday to at
tach the handsome furniture in the offices
used by Ewing and Chaney in the Parrott
building They learned, however, that
the furniture had been mortgaged last
week and yesterday afternoon it was re
moved from the offices.
Ewing would not be flattered if he were
cognizant of the opinion of him held by
Senator Morehouse and his legal associ
ates. Morehouse has endeavored to- collect
a bill from Ewing for a large sum, but
has failed.
Ewln- was warned that his business was
fraudulent and that unless he mended his
ways trouble would surely come to him.
He promised to raise $75,000 from the di
rectors of the company and do business
as a banking corporation. -Senator More
house -was quoted as > being the legal ad
viser of Ewing.
Promised to Baise Some Money.
Ewing claimed to would-be investors
that $2,500',000 in cash was deposited in the
First National Bank, the Germania Trust
Companv and the Western National
Bank. When asked how his company ex
pected to make money he replied that a
small commission on transactions was the
profit for his organization.
Hundreds of remittances were received
by Ewing and Chaney from all parts of
the country, most of the money coming
from bank cashiers, to whom the gaudy
circulars of the "Standard Oil Promotion
and Investment Company" had been sent
by mail.
Ewing was questioned last week as to
his methods of conducting business and
he denied that he had informed would-be
investors that he had two and half mill
ions in cash as capital. He claimed that the
officers of the company had subscribed
$12,500, but that all the money had been
expended in office expenses and advertis
ing.
As a matter of fact, Ewing and Chaney
had no capital in bank and were engaged
in "grafting." Ewing admitted some days
ago that he and his partners had secured
$15,000 from the public and that they only
had a few hundred dollars as capital to
secure investors against loss.
George B.Chaney and William B. Ew
ing, promoters of a bogus oil and invest
ment company, have suddenly left, the
city, after duplng'a large number of peo
ple out of .sums ranging from $25 to $500.
It is estimated that the two men have
succeeded in swindling the public out of
$15,000 to J20.000 by one of the neatest
bunko games ever perpetrated in this city.
The name of the alleged company pro
moted by Chaney and Ewing was "The
Standard Oil Promotion and Investment
Company." Large offices were rented in
the Parrott building and expensive fur-
; niture installed therein. Six lady type
writers were kept busy sending elaborate
ly prepared circulars all over' the coun
try, and flaring advertisements were In
serted in many country newspapers.
According to statements made by Ew
ing before he fled from the city his com
pany was incorporated with a capital
stock of $5,000,000. Of this sum one-half
was allotted as "promotion stock" among
the "officers."
When asked for the names of the of
ficers Ewing explained that the president
was "Luther J. Kobling of the United
Kruit Company, located at Boca del Toro.
republic ot Colombia." George B. Chaney
was listed as vice president of the com
pany W. B. Ewing was treasurer and
secretary; J. F. Chambers, general de
livery, Chicago, 111., and B. H. Lununis
of the Gale-Borden Condensed Milk Com
pany of New York were directors.
Claimed Capital of Millions.
The circulars "sent out by Ewing and
Chaney told how the company was en
gaged in "investment of money in oil
lands and oil stocks." No claim was
made that the company owned any oil
wells; its business was "to buy stock
when it -was cheap and sell out when it
rose on the market." The stock pur
chased 'by Ewing and Chaney consisted
mostly of "wildcat" shares of companies
promoted by men of their own caliber.
To prospective investors Ewing and
Chaney would tell a glib story of a cap
ital in bank of $2,500,000. Investors were
given contracts which stipulated that at
t-he end of ninety days their money would
be returned on a. call of thirty days.
Promoters of a "Com
pany" Secure $15,000
and Disappear.
Hundreds of Similar Con
cerns Are Operating .
Over the State.
OIL INVESTORS
NEATLY DUPED
WATCHDOGS OF THE PIONEERS'
TREASURY WIN THE ELECTION
THE SAN FRAKC1SCO CALL, TUESDAY, JULY 9, 1901.
12
LAST VOLUNTEER COMPANY
; BECETVES FXNAXi PAPEB3
I
Paymaster Pickett Pays Off the Men
of B Company, Forty-Second
. Infantry.
During the excitement attending the
muster out of the volunteers Company B
of the Forty-second Infantry was evi
dently forgotten and remained In the ser
vice until yesterday morning. Company
B" was delayed in its arrival and in con
sequence the mustering out officials did
not have ¦ an opportunity to prepare the
rolls. Everything was straightened out.
however, yesterday morning and at 11
o'clock Paymaster Pickett paid off tua
men.
Colonel J. B. Babcock. assistant adju
tant general. Department of California,
has been granted one month's leave of
absence and will spend his much needed
leave in Marin County. Colonel Babcock
has been on duty at the army headquar
ters for several , years and has estab
lished a reputation for ability and la re
garded as one of the most valuable offi
cers in the service. His leave of absence
is a reward of merit, granted by reason
of his faithful and skillful performance
of his arduous duties. During his ab
sence Colonel Heistand will perform his
duties, assisted by Captain Morse.
.' ADVERTISEMENTS. -
caPTRISHT 1»«O IT TH« WTOCTM • OMULS CO. CIKCIHNATI
A LITTLE BIG WASTE.
ni^i||||ISTINGUISH between economy and wisdom.
?pWw Sitting at home to save shoe-leather is econo-
J^Sll m Y> ft * s scarce ly wisdom. In the same
-rarem \ way, doing without Ivory ooap is economy
but it isn't wise; your risks are greater than all
possible saving. Every cheap soap contains free
alkali. Now, free alkali will eat its way through
the new oil cloth on the kitchen floor. Imagine,
then, what it will do in a single Monday's wash-
ing! Is such economy wise? ~ ; v.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
I is a trifle to pay on a fine suit
1 of clothes made to order. This
\ plan makes it easy for any man
\ to dress in properly cut and
I tailored clothes.
I Our suits are not excelled i
I in cut, style, finish or durabil- '
I ity. Our fabrics embrace a ]
I choice, up-to-date line, equal to
i the best tailoring establish-
| ments in San Francisco.
j 128-132 ElliVfe»5ai\fandscc
My eyeglasses are money-sav- %S*
ing glasses; they have no su- gjkr
Ml periors in correcting eye defects fa
MM and in giving comfort to the \\
MM eyes. Besides, they cost you V\
II One-third less lj
»Jt than other glasses. I also dup- MM
j Wl licate glasses for 1-3 LES3 MM
¦1 than prevailing prices. Mm
'< Bl E. MAXWELL, Ijf
MM- Scientific Optician, \L
C\ Room 42. Academy of .Science
•^1 Building, 819 Market st, Jmf
MM ' San Francisco. if
I "VANVROOM" I
U PAINLESS DENTAL PARLORS, fel
¦ 1001 MARKET, Cor. 6th. |
DR.MGNULTYT
tatlonfreeandaacredly confidential! Call o7addre£
Mtf-ROSCOEMcXUI <TY,31.D.
ggjjKearnySt.. San Francisco. Cal-
CANDY CATHARTIC '' «•
b^^^^^^^v i jt^iBF^ mmW I Bi A.^kr wtW W
>(R^jy %kw \b^^^^bW Kmv
Genuine stamped CCC Never sold InbuBc.
Beware of the dealer who tries to sell
something "Just as tfood, -
I ! RosenthaWsJ I
i Special i
I ["".'."". Sale "'~ I
¦ S *'#tt^^— ¦¦ \v»/» I "Jfc^ ¦9EI
tf£ 14 we were giving a lavish banquet to the people ot San ffi
p% Francisco we could not draw larger crowds than those that $0
j£$ are patronizing our special sale of broken lots, small sizes and Wp
es some entire lines. Can you wonder, when such prices as these p
IJjO '- « d i f s . We
Ijfe . Ladies' Finest Vici Kid and Bronze French Kid, full French H
|gj heel Oxfords, pointed toes. Mainly narrow widths and small P
fflh sizes. Our former $5.00 and $6.00 grades. . Reduced to fel. Em
VP Men's Tan Russia Calf, Lace, Goodyear Welt. New and f~
j?£ stylish. All sizes and widths. Reduced to 62.50. For-' hh
|^j . Broken lots of Men's $4.00, $5.00 and $6.00 Congress. §§j
te'2 Large sizes among them. Reduced to SI. &H
fJT .'¦' /VXISS^S AND CHILPREN. Vm
M*£ .Broken lots of Misses', Children's and Infants' Shoes Re- . |||
!ir! ' duced •' r 50 -; Former prices not considered. jjhfi