THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
SAH FRANCISCO, SATURDi^Y, AUGUST 3,' 1901.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
VOLUME XC— NO. 64/
have the honor, to, acknowledge the receipt of
rescript of a' court' of Inquiry which Is to con
vene on the 12th of September, In which I am
named as a member." I regret to have 'to re
quest that I may he detached from said duty,
owing to disability from - a .weak, heart and
Its attending complications, being under "medl-.
cal treatment for the same* ¦¦'¦'
Much to - my • mortification this la the first
department- order that I am unable to honor
during a naval 'life of. fifty-five years. . I am,
very .respectfully, your obedient servant,
. " ' L. A. KIMBERLY,
, . Rear Admiral; U. S.: N., retired.
John D. Long, Secretary of- the. Navy, Wash
ington, D. C. '¦ : / . , ;;- &
NAPLES, Aug. 2.— SIgnor Crispi, accord
ing tb'a bulletin issued to-night, suffered
no ; chance for the worse during 'the day.
except that the nervous prostration which
characterizes his ¦ Is "steadily in
creasing.
Crispi's Condition No Worse.
NAPLES, Aug. 2.— Gomez, an accom
plice of Orslnl in the plot against the life
of Napoleon III in 1S5S, arrived here to
day. He was condemned to death Ilka
Orslnl, but the sentence was commuted to
transportation for life." He was pardoned
a short* ¦time ago. When he was con
demned Gomez ' was a man of 25. Now,
after forty-three years of convict life on
Devils Island, he is a hale man of 63.
Gomez From Devils Island.
The directors of ' the Southern . Pacific
have practically determined to, make.no
distribution of . its surplus ' in dividends
this fall. Wall street operators have been
talking, about ' Southern . Pacific stock f be
ing put on a 3 per cent basis. ;
"The rumor" started with the prospective
increase of $15,000,000 of bonds," ,. said
Tweed, "and now the amount has reached
$50,000,000.- One report is as true as : the
other." ; '. r .
SOUTHERN PACIFIC ROAD
WILL NOT ISSUE BONDS
\ NEW YORK, Aug. 2.— Charles H. Tweed,
chairman of the Southern Pacific Rail
road board, said to-day that no proposi
tion to issue new bonds of that company,
had been discussed.
Sir Henry v CampbelJ-Bannerman. the
Liberal leader, said that in^ view of the
patience with • which the nation : had for
twenty- three .months endured • Chamber
lain's policy In South~Africa t he thought
it opportune to secure a statement 9 from
the Colonial Secretary as: to the war situ-'
atIon.* u ! He went on' to point out, that Cape
Colony -was now. Invaded and overrun
with Boers, and • he asked what prospect
there was of repelling the invaders., what
the . condltjon of Cape Colony ' would ¦ be
after the war, 1 with, the; prospect of famine
as i a ' result of the Government policy of
"devastation,".=and where was Cape'* Col-.
salary will be paid.
LONDON, Aug.' 2— A discussion arose in
tha House of Commons to-night over the
Colonial Office appropriation, and it gave
the opponents of the Government oppor
tunity to bait Chamberlain while making
a motion pro forma to reduce ¦ by. £100 the
vote out of which the Colonial Secretary's
A motion has been made for a new trial,
and in support of it a number of affi
davits have been prepared and were filed
In Harney's court to-day. The . Amal
gamated people asked for an extension of
time in which to gather evidence against
Harney, and he has refused to grant it.
In their statements made in court to-day
it Is alleged that they want time to pro
duce evidence as to Harney's relations
with Mrs. Ada. H.'- Brackett,'. a woman in
the employ of Heinze, and who, it is al
leged, was employed by him for the pur
pose of working on Harney. A' number of
letters , that passed between Harney and
BUTTE.Mont., Aug. L 2.— A great sensa
tion was caused in Butte to-daj r by an
action taken .in the District Court by the
attorneys- for the Amalgamated Copper
Company In relation to the Minnie Healy
mining case, which .was recently decided
against the Amalgamated and in favor of
F. A. Heinze by Judge E. X. Herney. It
Is claimed that Harney was unduly influ
enced In his decision by which Heinze was
given possession of the mine, valued at
ten million dollars, for about $100,000.
Lopez . and Guerule had . gone from this
city to work on the ; railway," and each of
them had a wife and/family living here.
Rael and Lucero came from Saata Fe and
but little Is known of them here.
The four , men— Francisco Lopez, Cecilio
Rael, Pablo Lucero and Calixto Guerule—
were engaged in blasting rocks on the
railway right of way. They had prepared
a heavy blast, but. did not get away soon
enough after igniting the fuse. The ex
plosion killed Lopez. Rael and Lucero in
stantly and fatally injured Guerule.
LAS VEGAS, Aug. 2.-Three
men killed and one fatally injured are the
results of an explosion that occurred on
the Rock Island extension, twenty-five
miles east of Santa Rosa, at W. T. Mont
gomery's camp/yesterday.
Sensational Charge of
Undue Influence in
: Mining Decision.
t ¦¦ ¦» ; i ¦ # ! i" «'¦ *«i* '' * ¦,*',.«*¦-¦•
Attempt Made to Reduce
Se cr etary Chamber
lain's Salary.
Three _ Men Are Killed
and One Fatally In
jured in Explosion.
FAIL TO ESCAPE
DEADLY BLAST
WEARY BOER WAR
CAUSES DISCORD
Another attorney made an affidavit that
he had a talk with Mrs. Brackett after
Harney had decided the case in favor of
Heinze, and that' she boasted that she
did it' *;Ov:?
In one of the letters from Mrs. Brackett
she pleaded for an opportunity to see him
and asked him to decide the mining. case
in favor of : his friends, who, she said,
were not to be found among the Amal
gamated people. She offered him money
and professed great love for him: j The an
swer to the letter, making an appoint
ment, was also intercepted, and several
detectives made affidavits that .Judge
Harney and Mrs. Brackett visited neigh
boring towns together, and that on two
occasions they remained over night.
Mrs. Brackett during the time that the
Minnie Healy case was on trial have been
Intercepted, and copies of them were filed
in court to-day, to show the alleged rela
tions that existed between the two. !"'*
Fischer, who was present at the inter
view, said nothing had yet been decided
regarding Kruger's visit to America.
"We are defending our liberty," contin
ued Kruger, "and when it is granted wo
will . lay' down our arms. . Great Britain
knows our conditions. -It is not for me to
repeat them. We will never renounce our
flag and we cannot accept any protector
ate. ' I am convinced that the hour . will
ccme when Great Britain will grant what
is pur right. Moreover, I am confident -
that God Is with us and will not abandon
us." ?
PARIS, Aug. 2.— The Figaro publishes a
long Interview to-day with Kruger. Aftsr
denying the cruelties charged against the
Boera in Lord Kitchener's report, Kruger
declares that the atrocities of the concen
tration camps were twenty times worse
than had been, stated by Miss Hobhouse
in Great Britain and that when fully
known they would cause the world to
shudder with horror and move the na
tiens to intervene.
ish Concentration Camps Are
Worse Than Depicted.
Declares That the Atrocities of Brit-
KRTJGEB DENIES STORY
OF MTJEDEBS SY BOERS
The debate was - continued '. for another
hour after Chamberlain's speech, and thie
amendment to: reduce the 'salary of; the
Colonial ' Secretary was ; rejected. V The
House '.then itook up ' other, subjectsand
was in at 4 o'clock this morri-
¦ ' Regarding the announcement by ."Lord
Kitchener ¦ that Commandant Kritzinger
hasTdeclared his intention to . shoot'all na
tives in British employ, whether armed
of : :¦ unarmed,', Chamberlain said the Gov
ernment: had telegraphed " Lord ' Kitchener
to inform the Boer leaders that such* acts
were contrary to civilized usage and that
all fgullty c persons of this class, if ; cap
tured, 1 would be court-martialed and exe
cuted. : ¦ '*¦;•;,"!,;¦ ¦ <.. '..' -v. ¦ ¦ '¦_'< " •¦'¦',¦ > \
. "The Government has. the .best 'reasons
to ' believe,'.' 'continued the- Colonial .Secre
tary, "that a vast inajorityof the Boers
acknowledge themselves beaten and would
gladly surrender and resume peaceful pur
suits but for. the. comparative handful of
Irreconcilables.'.who are carrying on a
guerrilla, war .that is rapidly degenerating
into brigandage -and absolute' murder.
Lord ' Kitchener .is • adequately dealing
with the -problem of establishing j block
house /.cordons, . within which the peace
fully inclined can safely settle and be
protected."
Chamberlain replied that farm-burning
hadjbeen entirely abandoned and replaced
by the policy of concentration camps. Pie
contended : that these were humane and
satisfactory institutions," as had / been
shown by' the fact .that 'thousands; of
Boers came into -them voluntarily."
ony's constitution,, whlcVappeared to him
to be under lock and, key since the¦decla
ration j of martial law. ; . ; " \ ' ''¦."¦ ,.
"I have received dispatches from Bogo
ta dated as late as July 27." he said, "and
they do not make any reference whatever
to the situation In Panama. This Indi
cates that the Government does not re-
Krard the situation there as serious. I un
derstand there ere a few guerrilla bands
operating In the Isthmus, but they are un
important- If guerrillas should attack the
railroad then the United States would be
required to Interfere."
The United States Is under treaty obli
gations to maintain open and free transit
across the isthmus. Should the railroad
between Colon and Panama be threatened
the United States would have to step in
and protect It from the operations of
either government or insurgent forces.
The dispatch sent by the Consul was
vague, and Senor Thomas Herran. Charge
d'Affaires of the Colombian legation, was
unable to amplify it.
CALL. BUREAU, 1406 G STREET, N.
W. f WASHINGTON. Aug. 2.-Transit
across the Isthmus of Panama may be In
terrupted through the operations of the
rebel forces and the Colombian troops, ac
cording to information received: by the
State Department to-day from the Ameri
can Consul In Colon. A conference be
tween Acting Secretary Adee and' Rear
Admiral Crowninshield, chief of the bu
reau of navigation, followed- .While no
orders have been given to any ships to
proceed south, it Is understood as soon, as
the Machias Is ready she will be directed
to steam to Colombian waters. In case
Ehe should not be available for several
days Rear Admiral HIgginson of the
North Atlantic squadron will be ordered
to send a vessel. ,
Isthmus of Panama.
Uncle Sam Likely to Take a Hand on
TRAFFIC MAYBE INTESETJPTED
Tour letter continues: "Much to my mortifi
cation, "this is' the first department order 'that
I am unable to honor during -a. naval life of
fifty-five years." • Let me hasten to assure you
NAVY DEPARTMENT. WASHINGTON. Aug.
2; lflOl.— Sir: ' The department Is in" receipt of
your letter of the 29th expressing a regret on
your part at behig obliged to ask that you may
be detached from the duty of serving upon the
court of Inquiry convened for th= 12th of Sep
tember next. The ' department learns with re
gret that you are suffering from a weak heart
and Its attending complications." for which you
are under medical treatment. , Such being the
case the department Is reluctantly compelled
to grant your request. .-.,:.•
that there is no cause for mortification at this
-Incident. • On. the contrary. It affords an op
portunity of ¦ which the department gladly
avails itself to ; congratulate you for a record
so loyal to ths service. Moreover, this record
amply justifies the wisdom of the Secretary of
the Navy in assigning to you the grave and
conspicuous duty, of serving upon the court.
Permit me to express the hope that your
health will continue. to improve, so that In fu
ture, should a less arduous duty be required
of you, you may be fully able to respond. Very
respectfully, F. W. HACKETT, i
Acting Secretary.
Rear Admiral L. A. Kimberly. U. S. N.. re
tired. West Newton, Mass.
MONTANA JUDGE
IN A BAD LIGHT
Captain Parker completed his prelim
inary examination of the logs and papers
and returned to-night to New York. He
will resume his examination next week.
The Navy Department to-day admitted
that Captain Parker had lodged a com
plaint with Acting Secretary Hackett
about the treatment he had received.
Hackett explained to him that the regu-
Admiral Sampson replied that after con
sidering the information contained In the
message he had decided In favor of the
¦olan already adopted of holding the posi
tion off Cienfuegos. This plan might.be
changed, he said, when It became certain
that the Spanish fleet was at Santiago.
Position Off Cienfuegos.
Cienfuegos and Santiago. The publica
tions Issued by the Navy Department do
not, of course, contain every dispatch re
ceived and sent. For Instance, in the re
port made by Rear Admiral Sampson,
which includes his correspondence with
Admiral Schley, one dispatch, known as
No. 7, Is omitted. This' dispatch directed
Admiral Schley to remain off Cienfuegos.
In an instruction to Admiral Sampson
dated May 19 Secretary Long said: .
"Report of Spanish fleet being at San
tiago de Cuba might very well be correct,
so department strongly advises that you
send word Immediately by Iowa to Schley
to proceed at once to Santiago with his
whole command."
WASHINGTON, Aug. 2.— The Navy De
partment did not announce to-day the
successor to Admiral Kimberly on the
Schley court of inquiry. The following
correspondence "with Admiral Kimberly
relative to the - latter's declination was
-made public to-day:
WEST NEWTON. Mass., July 29, 1201.— Sir: I
KIMBEKL Y CANNOT SERVE.
The report \ that Captain Thomas F.
Schley. Twenty-third Infantry,- son pf
Rear Admiral Schley, has repudiated the
alleged interview in which he warmly de
fended his father, will, when officially
communicated to the War Department,
prevent it from taking further action.,
save perhaps to caution the officer from
discussing the matter with reporters.
Rear Admirals Belknap and. Kautz are
the latest officers to be considered for
the vacancy on the court of inquiry. The
department officially announced to-day Its
compliance with the request of. Rear Ad
miral Kimberly to be relieved from duty.
Belknap or Kautz for Court.
collection of facts and lists of witnesses
necessary to Inform the court of the cir
cumstances connected with the Santiago
campaign. The Bureau of Navigation is
also gathering data aiming to establish
the correctness of its attitude. It i3 said
at the department that none of Admiral
Cervera's officers will be asked to testify.
£*T{r^ HE ; foregoing diagrams show, the ¦ successive relative."
¦ ;. I position* of the vessels engaged in the battle off Santiago. ,
i* ~*"~ J utii?.>i*V.*;. * n 4i iBre^fron^^h^^d^rvjbe^maaatby^^ep^qe^;,
- . - — E.:. .. UrahiriSr In -.McCiure's ' MaVa"iln.e*f or .'fvept^piber.", is^si' •
During the Santiago naval 'campaign George E.VGrnhahv ¦
was correspondent of - the. -Associated Press, noted for Its Impar
tiality'and faithfulness In 'giving the facts."- "When Admiral-Samp
son, on the Xcw York. left ' the squadron,' Graham .hastened to
the Brooklyn. ' During the battle " he stood on' the bridge beside
Captain Cook- and Admiral- Schley, . and '" was , the only civilian
spectator to witness every, movement and know, of every or<l?r -
issued by.. the admiral. His' account of the battle and the pre
ceding and subsequent events was widely distributed at the time
and was not questioned.
Diagram 1 shows the position of the blockading squadron Just
before the Spanish vessels made their appearance. The battleship
Massachusetts j and the protected cruiser Newark had left soon
after, daybreak for Guantanamo to coal end at 8:50 a. m. Sampson '
signaled, "Disregard, movements of commander-ln-chief." and left
the line for the army landing at Siboney, some miles to the- "
eastward.
Diagram 2 shows th»- much-discussed "loop" made by the
Brooklyn on Pchley's order. As the enemy appeared the battle
call ' was "scunded and Commodore Schley. made;, the signal, "The
enemy is escaping.*-' Then determining that the. New York was
out of sight signaled to the other vessels of the squadron, "'Ships
close In^J* ¦ and started In with the Brooklyn.
, . Graham In his version of the battle says:' ';, Lieutenant; Sears
exclaimed: "They're all out .and coming to' the westward, com-
"yps," answered this cool commandant, "and the torpedo
beats are with them." - .»
<a?— It was r !>: 43^rH tKiisJarnV M*Ca«rt*y -of 'the^BrTwfcJyn" hotat«I - tb*
sJKiia' tothe fleet to "closp up." l . ¦'-'¦ . ' ., '•;• .
The situation for the Brooklyn noTveeemed desperate. The
Expat Fhlp was pointing and moving directly toward tha Spanish
thips- coming' out .to the west. Every inclination, had a decision
been made suddenly. ; was to, turn In the same direction, . to the
west, to her.d them off. But had this Inclination .been followed
the Brooklyn's starboard side would have been so placed that
any one of the Spanish fleet would have been able to ram. her
and- ?inlc her or torpedo her. with the same fatal results.
Suddenly th» Vlzcaya left the westward pointing line and
headed straight for the Brooklyn. Almost at the same instant
that I-leutenant Se^.rs reported thl.* Commodore Schley *ald to
Captain Cook: "Put your helm hard-a-port." and the ship be
gR.n to move around to starboard, steering: a circle toward the
enemy Instead of away from' it. It was evident that neither the
Vlzcaya nor the Maria Teresa quite understood this movement,
fcr both Immediately changed their' course and ran nearer shore.
Around In a short circle ( moved the Brooklyn, her port side a
Perfect mnss of flame and smoke as the six S-lnch. six 5-inch
and elKht 6-pounders dealt forth the deadly shot. Then as she
fwnr-.T toward the four Swinish ships her starboard battery opened
and .the din was terrific.
¦ "Tell the men at the run? to flre deliberately," called Com
modore Fchley to Captain Cook. . The Brooklyn had described a
perfect 4 circle, and although under a deluge of shot and shell, un-
modore: }
Injured started west, and began her famous fight
CLEAR EXPLANATION OF THE FAMOUS LOOP MADE BY SCHLEY
DURING THE BATTLE WITH THE ESCAPING SPANISH FLEET
The flames spread with great rapidity
and inside of half an hour had enveloped
the buildings on both sides. In thirty
minutes more the flames were communi
cated to Spiers* livery stablo across the '
street. The Fire Department met with
a serious handicap by having a line of
hose burned. By 7 o'clock the entire
business portion- of the town and several
residences on side streets were a mass*
cf flames or In ruins extending down both
sides cf Lincoln avenue for a distance of
three blocks. It is impossible in the con
fusion to-night to obtain the individual
losses, but the principal losers are:
List of the Losers.
\T>. C. Willis, saloon; H. P. Wilson A
Sons, harness shop; J: WIttke, saddler;
¦J.^-F.^^Gerber^ vacant building; .Mra. I\
Hall,' groceries ;'"VV. r F~ Simmons, furniture
and undertaking; C. M. Hoover, grocer
ies; F. X. Gravel, shoestore: C. W. Arm
strong, drugs; C. "W. Carroll. Calistogian
printing office; Dr. Fox, dentist; Dr. Por
ter, physician, offices; Ed Largey, saloon.
the town hall. Magnolia Hotel; G. A.
Davis, barber "shop; A. Hubbs, notions:
Calistoga Rochdale Company; Mrs. N.
Boi'nsal, restaurant; Siemsen Brothers &
Conner, meat market;- "William Spiers,
livery stable and blacksmith shop: Mrs.
Cora Fowle, icecream parlor: B. P.
Grauss, residence; Masonic Hall build
ing: "William Conner, residence: Mrs. I.
Wixon, millinery; J. Hiltel, vacant build
ing.
The Magnolia .Hotel was burned to the
ground, entailing a loss of about $5000.
The insurance is unknown. The guests,
who lost their baggage, had to seek lodg
ing In private houses.
Wind Spreads the Flames.
A high variable wind aided materially
in spreading the flames. At 8:30 p_ m. the
lire had reached its limit and only five or
six business' buildings remain on the en
tire avenue from the wagon bridge to the
Southern Pacific depot. The total loss
will not exceed $50,000. The insurance 13
about one-third of that amount. Among
the individual losses are: C. M. Hoover,
groceries, $3000. Insurance ¦ $2000; F. X.
Gravel, shoe store, J2500, insurance $1200;
C. W. drug store, $2000; Ed
Largey, saloon," $1500. partly Insured; J.
L. Wolfe, grocery, $3000, no insurance.
There was $630 Insurance on the Masonic
Hall. The water supply is entirely ex
hausted and water to drink is very
scarce. The proposition of rebuilding the
burned portion Is already being consid
ered and It will probably be rebuilt at
once. •'¦;.'-'••¦' ¦'•- ¦
' CALISTOGA. Aug. 2.— Calistoga was al
most destroyed by a fire, which brolea
out In the center of the business portion
of the town, at .5:15 o'clock this evening.
The blaze originated in the rear of Sim
mons* undertaking establishment, wh!cl:
is located in an old frame structure. Just
how the fire started Is not known, but it
is believed that it started from some com
bustible substance.
8peclal Dispatch to The CtSL '
COLON, Colombia, Aug. 2.— A decree,
dated Bogota, Juljj 8. appointed General
Carlos Alban; commander in chief of the
eea and land forces of Colombia in the
provinces of .Magdalena. Panama and
Bolivar, in recognition of his patriotic zeal
In the defense of the republic's Institu
tions. .
Battles are said to be/ Imminent. The
Venezuelan revolutionists are at San Cris
tobal, and the "Colombian revolutionists
were at Cucuta when the mail advices
were forwarded.
General Uribe-Uribe is reported to be a
month's march from Bogota, the capital
of Colombia, with less than 3000 men.
SAN JTJAN DE PORTO RICO. Aug. 2.—
Mall advices received here from Venezu
ela and Colombia say the censored cable
grams •which the Venezuelan Government
allows press correspondents to forward
from Caracas are inaccurate. President
Castro's army. It is added, does not ex
ceed "000 soldiers.
movement headed by Uribe is not consid
ered at all serious thus far. The report
received here on July*26 last gave news
of a projected simultaneous Invasion of
Colombia and Venezuela. Ecuador and
Nicaragua. Nothing has been heard of
the movement since.
Venezuela Colors Cablegrams.
At the Colombian Legation here the
movement against the present- Govern-"
meat cf Colombia from the Venezuelan
tide. The last news of his whereabouts
was that he was at Maracaibo and had
not. crossed Into Colombia, ¦where it was
supposed he would attempt a juncture
¦with Narin, a noted guerrilla, "who is still
carrying on a vestige of the last revolu
tion in the mountains of the central range
cf the Andes.
Xo definite Information has been re
ceived here regarding the whereabouts nt
General Uribe, who in turn is heading: a
WASHINGTON. Aug. 3.— The political
situation in the neighboring republics of
Venezuela and Colombia and the liability
of war between these states is attracting
much attention in diplomatic circles.
Should war actually result the authorities
In both countries would have to deal not
only with foreign enemies but also with
domestic foes, as each of the countries
has what amounts to a civil war on its
hands. Neither the Venezuelan nor the
Colombian legation here has much direct
information and the cable reports are ex
ceedingly conflicting.
The officials at the Colombian legation
are at a loss to understand the report of
Tresident Castro's declaration of martial
law on the ground that his country is
being Invaded by Colombia. The revolu
tion headed by Dr. Galviras, who crossed
the Venezuelan border from Colombia,
where he had taken refuge. Is said to be
in no sense an invasion by Colombians.
Dr. Galriras belonged to the party of
Andrade, who was overthrown by Castro,
and It Is said in diplomatic circles that he
is drnply heading a rebellion of Vene
zuelans against Castro's authority.
TJribe's Movements a Mystery.
fer From Scarcity of
Water.
Private Homes and People Suf-
Summer Visitors Seek Lodging: In
Invasions Planned to Occur Simulta
neously by Revolutionary Par
ties in the Neighboring
Countries.
Hotel Quickly Laid in
Ashes.
Business Houses and a Big
Little Republics May Fight
One Another and Their
Own People.
Napa County Town Al
most Destroyed by
the Flames.
Foreign and Domestic
Foes Threaten Coloxn
bia and Venezuela.
FIERCE FIRE
MAKES RUIN
OF CALISTOGA
WARCLOUDS
HOVER OVER
TWO NATIONS
OF GREAT IMPORTANCE TO ADMIRAL SCHLEY
IS INFORMATION OBTAINED FROM THE RECORDS
CALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET,
N. W.. WASHINGTON, Aug. 2.—
Additional information of great
importance to Admiral Schley has
been obtained by Captain James
Parker of counsel for the admiral as a
result of his examination of the log books
of the ships and reports of officers who
participated in the Santiago campaign.
The facts gathered bear particularly upon
the movements of the flying squadron off
Dne Report Made by Admiral Sampson
Omitted From Publications Made by Navy
Department as to Santiago Campaign
lations required an officer to be present
when a person "not connected with the
service examined log books and official
documents. *
Captain Parker's complaint, however,
had some effect. "While two officers re
mained with him in the office of the Sec
retary he w'as apparently not as much an
noyed to-day by their presence as he was
yesterday.' Judge Advocate General Lemly
is making considerable progress in the
SECURING EVIDENCE
FROM THE OFFICIAL
ACCOUNTS OF BATTLESNAPSHOTS TAKEN ALONG WATER FRONT, THB CENTER OF CONFLICT.
The attitude of the Draymen's A330
iclation toward the Brotherhood of Teams
ters is unchanged and unless, the striking
teamsters - yield to the association the
privUege of Ignoring the union at any
and all times the hope of a reconciliation
•is exceedingly shadow>.
;* George Renner. manager. of the asso
ciation, denied yesterday that "any con
' ference with the teamsters was to be hold
unless the .latter concluded to give in
fihould they decide to accede to the de
mands of the association no ¦ further
trouble would result.
"We shall come to no terms with the
teamsters unless on the •. basis that the
draymen Khali transact their affairs with
out Interference from any union." said
Manager Renner. "We reserve the right
to employ any man in whom we have con
fidence, be he. a. member of a- union -or
not We wish to run our business to suit
ourselves and not the union officials. .We
deny the right of- the union to dictate to
us how we shall conduct our affairs.
That's the thing In a nutshell. We In
tend to ignore the union, nor will we
Bubmit to its dictation. When the teams
ters express' a willingness to settle on
these terms the strike, as far. as we are
concerned, is off."
Manager Benner Says Association
Will Not Recognize Union.
DRAYMEN DO NOT YIELD.
To illustrate the far-reaching extent of
the federation's power and influence, he
stated that the stevedores at Eureka had
:refused to discharge the cargo of the Po
mona, a vessel which sailed from this port
.during the strike. In speaking of the ob
ject of the strike. Secretary Furuseth
said: "The federation went out for peace,
and we intend to get peace before we
go back."
f Beer Bottlers* Union ICo. 102 petitioned
the Labor Council to levy a 'boycott
against John Rapp & Son. beer bottlers
and agents for the Rainier beer, on the
ground that that firm had discharged
-men because of union affiliations. In the
-petition the beer bottlers stated that John
Rapp & Son had entered into an agree
ment with the Beer Bottlers' Union on
the 20th of April in which the firm prom
ised to employ none but union workmen.
This contract was to- continue in force
until July 15, 1901. r .
At the regular weekly meeting of the
San Francisco Labor Council, which was
held last night in the Pioneer building,
Andrew Furuseth, secretary of the Sail
ors' Urdon of the Pacific, rendered a re
port showing the present condition of the
labor controversy. He said that the strike
of the City Front Federation had been de
clared primarily in sympathy with the
teamsters, and that the Individual mem
bers of the federation had responded to
the full extent of Its membership, and
that each man thus far had stood loyally
by his union.
Front Federation's Power.
ITuruseth Tells Labor Council of City
DESCRIBES, THE SITUATION.
The report that many of the disturb
ances alone: the water front were the
work of strikers was denounced as false.
A vote vras passed censuring all persons
who have engaged in quarrels with non
union men or the police during the strike,
and calling upon all union men to do all
in their power to preserve the peace.
Instructions were issued to all pickets
to report at headquarters at 10 o'clock
this morning for service.
The noattcr of sending out pickets on
night- duty was discussed, with the result
that fifty men were detailed for that
work. After adjournment one gang was
sent to the Broadway wharf and the other
to tie Pacific Mail dock with instructions
to request every non-union worker to
cease work In the Interests of union prin
ciples.
It' was reported that the efforts made
by. the shipowners to replace the strikers
with non-union men were meeting with
failure. The action of the Japanese So
cie'ty in declining to furnish Japanese to
take the places of strikers was cheered to
the echo.
A. largely attended meeting of the Long
shoremen's Union was held at East and
Mission' streets last night. The strike and
the best means for effecting a settlement
of the dispute were discussed for more
than two hours. A number of stirring ad
dresses were made during the evening by
speakers- who urged upon the strikers to
stand by the federation to the last. A
vote, of confidence in the federation was
passed. '
at Night.
Appoint Fifty Men to Act as Guards
LONGSHOREMEN NAME PICKETS
The executive board of the City Front
Federation held a very short session last
night, but only minor details of the strike
were tinder consideration, as the labor
leaders did not care to take action that
might put an end to further conferences
and efforts to formulate terms of- peace
that would be acceptable to both sides. '
At the meeting of the San Francisco
la.bor Council last night the following
recommendation, which gives the execu
tive committee power to call out unions
affiliated with the Labor Council if settle
ment is not reached by to-night, was
adopted:
Your executive committee recommends that
penfllng present negotiations to establish
Industrial peace a-filiated unions not locked
out , or on strike ' be hereby requested to con
tinue at lieir reci>ectlve -work, but if before
&£tar>fiay night, August 3, no definite results
accrue from the present negotiations the com
mittee is hereby specifically instructed to take
stepe to support the unions now locked out or
on strike by advising appropriate action on the
part of tie unions that can arsist In the
tpeefly settlements of the lockouts and strikes.
This action was taken in executive ses
sion, after Andrew Furuseth, secretary of
the Sailors' Union of the Pacific,
had stated that Mayor Phelan had re
ceived a reply from Attorney Michael to
the City Front Federation's request for a
fuller statement of the Employers' Asso
ciation's position, but that the Mayor had
not considered it a fair statement of that
position and had declined to give it out or
to act upon it
Labor Council Acts.
Conferences held during the day secured
no definite results, and while a reply was
received to the request made by the City
Front Federation for more liffht on tho
terms proposed by the Employers' Asso
ciation, it proved to have been drafted,
adbording to Mayor Phelan. by M. F.
Michael, attorney for the association, and
not by the directors. The. Mayor refused
to receive it as official or to submit it to
the Citv Front Federation. At. his re
quest the labor leaders agreed to let con
ditions remain in etatu quo to give him
an opportunty to try to get the directors
of the Employers' Association to take
the entire question under consideration to
day. • ' '
It Is generally asserted by labor leaders
that if an agreement is not reached by
to-night or an exceedingly good reason
given for a continuance of the truce, ne
gotiations will be broken off , and other
unions will be called out.
entertained by Mayor Phelan.
by sozse of the labor leaders and by prom
inent merchants who are urging a policy
of conciliation. - > •*. v
NOT the least progress toward the
eettlement of the labor contro
versy was made yesterday. Hope
of such consummation is still
Crisis at Hand, but Mayor Is
Hopeful That Agreement
Will Be Reached To-Day
Labor Council Empowers Its
Executive Committee to
Act if Peace Is Not Secured
NEGOTIATIONS
MAY BE BROKEN
OFF TO-NIGHT
Large Wheat Yield in Manitoba.
-WINNIPEG,; Manitoba; Aug. 2.-Hugh
Kelly, . Minister of Agriculture, estimates
the yield of- wheat in Manitoba J and the
Northwest Territory for. this year affrom
fifty-five to'sixty^milllon, bushels. .
Cooper Council No.- 310, T. M.' I., voted
oil August 1 that members who" are butT of
employment by : reason of the strike be
excused from payment of all -dues and
fines.
Strikers Excused From , Dues.
Smallpox Among Montana Indians.
i' WASHINGTON, Aug." 2.-The Interior
Department was^notlned to-day that fifty
cases ! of smallpox • among the - Indians are
under quarantine . at the Flathead Agency
in . Montana.'- Steps - have - been taken ; to
prevent its spread and to stamp out the
eDidemlo.' •-,..;¦¦ :v;; ... . .
"WOODLAND, ¦ 2.— The V hot wave
has not' yet Injured the grape j crop.'.; This
is accounted for by the fact that the vines
are . more , heavily, leaved than they have
been for years and the ,. fruit is ' thus y af
forded : better protection! ,, -. : >
Yolo Grapes in Good Condition.
ST. LOUIS, Aug. 2,-^A flfe"that is sup
posed to have been caused*- by a spark
from a passing ¦< locomotive, to-day .com
pletely destroyed the building, machinery,'
sheds and. several hundred thousand feet
of ; - lumber 'belonging .; to -- Drummond- &
Son's Box Company, in Granite City, 111
Losg $75,000.' - -. rr. a.n.\. ...- }.\- -:>
Box Factory Burned to Ground.
LONDON, Aug. 3.— The Cape Town cor
respondent of the Daily Mail, Ina commu
nication, dated July' 17, places the strength
of the Boers in Cape \ Colony ; at between
7000 and 8000 men, almost all of whom' are
in arms • against .the British.' The Daily
Mall contrasts this with: the official state
ment, not long ago, thatthere were. only
looo. ' \. • ¦ ¦ : - ' :.-••• ;¦¦;-'¦ -vi : ys'.; •
"The colonial :. authorities," - the; corre
spondent continues, ."have. just awakened
to the possibility that- the ' last shotJln .the
war-may be nred-in- Cape ? Colony, '¦¦ and
that unless vigorous efforts are put forth
of the Large Force of
.Fighters.' ,
British People . Amazed at New3
THOUSANDS OF . BOEHS "
i IN ARMS IN CAPE COLONY
•BERLIN, Aug. 2.— The latest notable re
'cipient of a at , the , hands j of
Emperor :William is a high dignitary of
Mohammedanism.' The Reichsenzeger this
afternoon reports -that the Order,, of the
Crown of, they first class has, been' con
ferred on the Agakhan- of ' Bombay,*, the
spiritual head of the Indian Mohamme
dan Kocha sect: ' '"' ¦ ¦ '.- ' ' '-¦• - " •
by Emperor 'William:
Warm "Weather in St. Louis.
ST. LOUIS. Aug. 2.— St. Louis, accord-
Ing to the local "Weather Bureau, was the
hottest place in the country to-day, and
one' prostration was reported.
Adolph Fritz, . a striking teamster, se
cured a. warrant from Judge Cabaniss yes
terday for the arrest of "John Doe" Ken
nedy, a non-union teamster, on the charge
of battery. Fritz said that he was talking
Thursday night with : a friend about the
strike • and remarked as Kennedy passed
that they would soon get the better of .the
"scabs." Kennedy retorted that the
"scabs" would soon do .them up and
struck Fritz a violent blow in the face,
blacking his eye. •"?,
F. Craig, a union teamster, was stabbed
by an unknown man in the right thigh,
about 1 o'clock yesterday morning. The
stabbing took place at the corner of Sixth
and Folsom streets. Craig was "attempt
ing to dissuade the non-union driver from
further teaming during the pendency of
the strike, when the latter resented
Craig's counsel with a knife thrust. Craig
was treated at the Central Hospital, and
was later taken to his home at 207 Har
riet street. He says he does not know the
name of his , assailant. ; Craig's wound is
not serious.
Union Teamster Stabbed.
J^Xv 0 * ml H ct that the canneries
of the city. will be forced to shut down If
cans are not available, thi can company
is making strenuous" efforts to keen going
"Jt e^? ected that ab °ut 100 more men
will be given positions this morning. Thus
far the company, has been able -to supply
the _canneries with „ cans from stock on
hand at the beginning of ; the strike. Seven
cars were being loaded yesterday for ship
ment to the canneries. In. the interior of
the State. . - -
The American Can Company, which was
forced by the strike of the porters, pack
ers and warehousemen to close the doors
of its factory last Monday morning, was
able to resume operations yesterday
morning on a small scale. About 125 men
were put to work, but for the most part
they. were entirely unskilled.
Two carloads of men, one from Fresno
and the other from Sah Jose, were im
ported to the city to take the places . of
the strikers. These men are housed at
the factory and will be In every way pro
tected from possible violence at the hands
of the strikers or their sympathizers. In
the '¦ morning, at noon and at night the
men _are# lined up and under a strong
guard of policemen are marched to a res
taurant, on Sixth street, where they are
fed. The strikers made a slight assault
on the : marchers yesterday morning but
were repulsed.
Places of Strikers.
Imports Men From Country to Fill
BERLIN, Aug. 2.— The velvet factories
In the Cref eld district have decided to
shut down August 5 on account of the
protracted strike of the shearers.
Velvet Factories Shut Down.
CAN COMPANY RESUMES WORK.
NEW YORK, Aug. 2.--Georsre C. Thom
as, a broker and a member of the Consoli
dated Stock Exchange of ; this city, was
arrested .to-day and ¦ arraigned before
United - States I Commissioner Shields
charged with violating the war revenue
act in failing to ; place revenue stamps on
sales of stocks. He waived examination
and was • held - in ' J1500 ball ' for examina
tion. Thomas contends that the tax is il
legal, and he was arrested in order that
a test might be made in the courts. •
Will Test ; Revenue Stamp law.
Two Men Pay the Death Penalty.
ST. AUGUSTINE. Fla., Aug. 2.— A large
crowd witnessed the execution In the Jail
yards here of James Kirby and Robert
Lee for the murder of Julius Esku last
May.
Among those most seriously injured are:
E. L. Lindenwood, motor-man, will proba
bly die; C. D. Brandon', conductor, . hurt
about chest and both legs; Mrs. Richard
Schutte, both legs broken, badly "Injured
internally; George Conrad, both legs
broken; Mrs. William Honeflnger,.Spring
field, leg broken and cut about the head;
S. H. Brandon, Pleasant '. Hill, CThio.-leg
broken,' collarbone broken and serious in
ternal injuries, may die. .. •
SPRINGFIELD,. Ohio, , Aug. . 2.— The
Dayton, Springfield and . Urbana trolley
car, scheduled to arrive in this city from
Dayton at 9:30 o'clock "to-night, crashed^
into a : coal car which stood', on- an 'open
switch near Donnellsville this evening and
as a result fourteen . persons are lying In
a hospital seriously hurt. Four; are; be;
lieved to be dying. . C -
The correspondent is informed that one
of the leading American insurance .com
panies in -'Berlin has ; since the present
crisis, began paid policies aggregating 250r,
000 marks on bankers who have commit
ted suicide. '¦¦•- ¦¦•••¦ ••: : " '¦¦¦•¦" • *¦ ¦"• ¦;
: Cases multiply where: banks and manu-'
facturers deny in the newspapers having
had business relations- with bankrupt and
shady concerns. .',<•¦"%. :, -.v _-,v . •
The difficulties of the Breslau house,
which have not yet been surmounted, are
due to the* fact .that "its resources are
locked -up in unsalable securities.- ' There
is an intimation -that rich -family connec
tions will come to the 'rescue.' >
BERLIN, Aug. 3.— The Breslau banking
concern yesterday "reported in difficulties
on account of Bberse attacks upon the
banks in Eastern Germany 'is the Jacob
laender-Nachfolger Bank, in which I Herr
Eugene .Landau is a -partner. Herr Lan
dau is president of 'the board of directors
of the National Bank, and in consequence
of the embarrassment- of the Breslau
house he to-day resigned the presidency
of : the former Institution. ' ¦ '
CHICAGO, Aug. 2.— Ninety per cent of
the horses. in Chicago are now suffering
from Influenza. The disease Is proving
fatal in from three to five cases out of
every hundred. ._¦
Horses Have Influenza.
Collision in Which Many
Persons Receive' ,
- Injuries.
American Company Pays
Heavy Policies in Ger
many. ;
NEW YORK, Aug. ,2.— It was learned
to-day that each delegate from the Cham
ber of Commerce of New York to the re
cent London dinner, contributed $1000 to
the "Victoria memorial fund.
Victoria Memorial Fund.
NEW YORK, Aug. 2.— Two hundred of
Northern Pacific common stock sold on
the* Stock Exchange to-day, at ¦ 95, "seller
ten days." The last previous sale was
made at 118 and occurred on July 18, the
day that J. P. Morgan announced his se
lection of five new. ¦-. directors for the
Northern Pacific. The previous price to
this had been 150, the : figures - at . which
many. "shorts" settled with the rival syn
dicate. The highest panic price for this
stock was 700 regular and 1000 "cash." To
day's transaction-was done for foreign ac
count, and the "seller tenV feature was to
enable the delivery of the stock by ship
ment. •- . . \r
Drop in Northern Pacific.
MANY BANKERS
ARE SUICIDES
there is nothing to prevent the Boers from
holding out another twelve months."
A communication to the Daily Express
of the same date says that the Boer plan
is to make a final stand south of the
Orange River, and that they, may hold out
for six months. --,¦'. \ ¦¦ •
TAMPA, Fla., Aug. 2.— The entire busi
ness community Is more aroused to-day
than ever before on Acount of the mani
festo signed by the manufacturers last
night, declaring they would move their
factories "to another city if the citizens of
Tampa did not suppress the anarchist
leaders of the Resistancia strikers and
protect them in their own business. The
manufacturers represent over $40,000,000
Threat of Manufacturers.
The coal teamsters held a meeting yes
terday and discussed the strike. The men
feel that the strike so far has hurt only
those men who .have always been friends
of the unions and that some action should
be taken to prevent dpins? them any more
damage than can be helped. The result
oi the discussion was nor given out.
Coal Teamsters meet.
Resolved, That we deplore any acts of vio
lence which disgrace the good name of the
city and Its inhabitants; and express the hope
that moderation, peace and good will may
prevail throughout the present controversy be
tween capital and labor.
Resolved, That . a committee of three, con
sisting of Captain Emanuel JA. Lorenzo, John
W. McDonald, representing this federation, and
C. F. Kimball. representing the Mission Fed
erated Improvement Clubs, to call on the Em
ployers, Metal Trades and Draymen's Associa
tion and the Iron Trades Council, Brotherhood
of Teamsters and other labor unions involved
in the present struggle and endeavor to bring
about • conference between i employers and em
ployes with a view of bringing about a settle
ment <bn honorable conditions to both parties.
Resolved, That a copy of this resolution be
sent to his Honor Mayor James D. Phelan v and
all Interested parties, and spread on the min
utes.
Resolved, That we concede the right to both
employers and employes to organize; and the
fact of membership In a labor union should not
Interfere In any way with the harmonious re
lations between employer and employe, so long
as both parties recognize the rights and liber
ties guaranteed by the constitution and laws
of the State and the United States.
Whereas, There ' is a tendency to make San
Francisco the center of a struggle between or
ganized capital and organized labor; and.
Whereas, Said state of affairs will en3anger
life and the peace of the city, break up homes,
cause starvation and seriously affect mercan
tile and property interests; be it
Resolved, That the improvement clubs and
other civic organizations of San Francisco in
meeting assembled most earnestly appeal to
employers and employes In the name of the
welfarr of the city to meet in conference, and
by botli sides making concessions restore peace
and industrial activity.
At a meeting of improvement clubs held
en Tuesday, July SO, at 1605 Polk street,
the appended resolution was offered by
Secretary E. A. Lorenzo of the Federation
of Improvement Clubs of "Western San
Francisco. It was seconded by C F.
Kimball, president of the Mission Feder
ated Improvement Clubs, and duly adopt
ed. The resolution follows:
Officials of Improvement Clubs.
Settlement Without Dslay Urged b7
DEPLORE THE STRIKE.
The Teamsters' Union will give- a ball
at Germanla Hall to-morrow night for the
benefit of their union.
The union sailors were called off of the
steamer Noyo, at E. M. Derby's lumber
wharf, and the schooner Laura Pike, at
Taylor's lumber wharf. It was supposed
that this would make these two vessels
unfair. The matter was referred to the
Building Trades Council, and it was de
cided to go ahead and unload the vessels,
as they had no connection with the San
Francisco strike. The vessels were being
unloaded by union men to-day.
The Austin Freight and Transfer Com
pany has made some slight effort to se
cure non-union help, and has kept police
men on its wagons, but without the slight
est need. •,.; -;>->.
The People's Express Company is keep
ing things moving by pressing into service
all of its stockholders, who were express
men before, they were stockholders. They
are doing quite . well.-. '- ¦. " •
The express and draying companies of
Oakland are . just managing to keep
freight moving by pressing into service
all of the managers, officers, clerks and
stockholders of the companies. As the
Oakland companies are nearly all com
posed of practical express and draymen
this makes the work' somewhat easy. The
strikers have not made the slightest at
tempt of any ktnd to embarrass their old
employers, and so the strike is devoid of
the slightest feature of a spectacular na
ture. . • .
As a matter of fact, both sides are wait
ing for some kind of a settlement in San
Francisco, and both sides will welcome
it when it -comes. - . ' -
OAKLAND, Aug. 2.— The -strike upon
the Oakland side of the bay has hardly
had any of the elements of a strike. The
teamsters very generally quit work when
they were ordered to do so, but it was
only loyalty to their union and -not
opposition to their employers that made
them leave. The employers have gener
ally recognized this, and have made
no effort to replace the strikers' with non
union help. On the other hand the men
have maintained the strictest#resrard for
the property of their former employers,
and not the slightest hostile demonstra
tion has been made.
in San Francisco.
Both Sides Are Awaiting the Outcome
OAKLAND STRIKE SITUATION.
TROLLEY CRR
BADLY SMASHED
¦ | -^ FFORTS to bring about an under-
I standing between the strikers and
|~~~^ their former employers secured
. I -^ no satisfactory results yesterday.
A few perfunctory conferences
between Mayor Phelan and the labor
leaders were field, but the Mayor did not
succeed in meeting in way of conference
any of the directors of the Employers' As
sociation.
Before noon the Mayor stated that he
expected to have a conference, with {he
directors of the Employers' Association
at 2 o'clock. At that hour, he went to the
office of M. F. Michael, the attorney for
the association, and submitted the follow
ing letter: . r .
August 1, 1901.
M. F. Michael Esq.. Mills Buildinsr, City-
Dear Sir: I received your communication last
night reiterating the position of the Employ
ers' Aseoclation as contained In your previous
letter dated July 29 and my statement, > as the
result of our conference held on the same day
and'publiBhed in the press July 30.
I herewith transmit to you a copy of a let
ter I have Just received from the City Front
Federation, dated August 1, as fallows:
SAN FRANCISCO, Aug. 1. 1901.
Hon J. D. Phelan, Mayor of San Fran
cisco-^Dear Sir: The City Front Federa
tion has met and had under consideration
your communication of the*Slst ult., and
¦ ¦ by their instructions we hereby , transmit
to you their highest appreciation for your
kind efforts in assisting us to arrive at an
amicable solution of the present unfortunate
difficulties.
, to you we endeavored to place Into as con
cise language as we could what we under- .
stood . to be the ideas and desires of the
Employers' Association and transmitted to
us through your Honor. "We are sorry to
state that the answer which your Honor
submitted to us is to U3 so Involved in its
, phraseologry that we are unable to distinct
ly make out its full meaning. We, therefore,
request your Honor to continue your good
offices and to request the Employers' Asso
ciation to kindly state in more definite
terms what are. their wishes in the matter.
We do this in, order to be a.ble to clearly
understand wherein there is any essential
difference between the propositions sub
mitted by us and those submitted by the
Employers' Association.
Expressing the sincerest wish that this
difficulty may be Soon adjusted we remain,
yours respectfully. . »
JOHN KEAN. Acting President.
For the City Front Federation.
THOMAS WESTOHY, Secretary.- :
- There are some points that I would like you
to elucidate, which when done, it may, be pos
sible'"to restore industrial conditions to a nor
mal'basis, and I ask you to take up the letter
of the : City Front Federation, dated July 31,
and answer the nropoMtions therein made a
little more explicitly. By so doing It may be
possible to bring: about a better understanding
if not an immediate settlement of the labor
disputes. Tours truly, •
JAMES D. PHELAN.
fj Attorney Michael Replies.
The Mayor then took his departure, ex-
We wish to state that In drawing up the
proposition which we I previously submitted
pecting.that official action would be taken
by the directors of the association. At
about 5 o'clock he received a reply, in
which the request of the City Front Fed
eration for a more explicit statement was
complied with, and a new statement of the
position of the employers made. Shortly
afterward Mayor Phelan had another con
ference with the labor leaders and later
in the evening he announced that the re
ply would not be given to the press.
"The new and more explicit statement,"
Mayor Phelan said, "was made by Attor
ney ¦ Michael and not by the directors of
the association. There was no meeting of
the directors, though I had urged that
one be held on account of the gravity of
the situation. The statement by Mr.
Michael does not depart in any degree
from the former position of the employ
ers. It responds to the request of the
federation for a more explicit statement,
but as it comes from the attorney and
not from the -association. I am not will
ing to submit it formally to the-Clty Front
Federation, nor to give it out to the press.
VI shall attempt to-morrow to get a
meeting of the directors of the Employ
ers' Association and to make an appeal to
them for a new, official statement."
The executive board of the City Front
Federation at its meeting at night left
general features of the strike in statu auo,
pending the further efforts to be mad* to
day by the Mayor to secure a more sat
isfactory response from the Employers*
Association.
Conferences^ Do k. Not* Bring Forth Satisfactory Results and the Mayor Withholds
MfcHaef^feetterffinil": Will". Try to : Secure ; a Meeting To- Day. of the Merchants'
Organization-— City Front Federation: Leaves in Abeyance General Strike Questions
ATTORNEY MAKES REPLY FOR EMPLOYERS' ASSOCIATION,
BUT STATEMENT IS NOT SUBMITTED TO LABOR LEADERS
"In a considerable number of in
stances," Mr. McNear said, "the appli
cants admitted that they were teamsters
from San Francisco. They said they had
been locked out and that they needed
work and applied for it where they could
get it." •
Applications are known to have been
made by teamsters to the officers of the
Brotherhood of Teamsters for permission
to go to work as stevedores on the San
Francisco water front. They were told
they could go to work if they could get
work to do, but that they would have to
protect themselves. None of them took
the risks of working under such condi
tions.
QEORGE W. McNEAB is author
ity for the statement that,
locked-out teamsters from San
Francisco are working as steve
dores . at Port Costa,, having
taken the places of some of the men who
responded to the general strike declared
by the City Front Federation. ••-. - •-.-"
McNear stated yesterday that when the
stevedores employed in handling grain at
his warehouses walked out many stran
gers applied for work in tJielr stead. He
Instructed his foreman to Inquire particu
larly of these men where they were from
and their reasons for seeking -work at
Port Costa.
Said to Be in Places of Ste-
vedores Who Walked Out
San Francisco Teamsters Are
STRIKERS WORK
AT PORT COSTA
The fact was brought to my attention yes
terday that the Chinese crew of the Coptic
had been landed upon the dock -without hav
ing: applied to- the Collector or this bureau for
permission to- land under the terms of the
exclusion act. Later some of the leaders of
the labor unions made a i formal protest and
requested my intervention. There being clearly
a violation of the exclusion act, X communi
cated the facts to National Immigration Com
missioner Powderly. Mr. Powderly wired In
structions to me this morning to order the
crew back upon the steamer. He declared their'
presence on the dock an infraction of the ex
clusion act. I did so, and took the necessary
steps myself to prevent their coming back upon
the dock to-day. This action of the depart
ment and of the bureau has nothing to do with
the present labor troubles. It was simply the
enforcement of the exclusion . law without any
discrimination whatever.
Chief Dunn of the Chinese Bureau
makes the following statement concerning
the affair:
Chief Dunn accordingly communicated
with the steamship company and ordered
the return of the Chinese to the steamer.
The command was immediately complied
with.
Chief Dunn ht the Chinese Bureau was
officially notified that the Chinese were
being used as stevedores on Thursday.
He at once telegraphed to T. V. Powder
ly, Commissioner General of Immigration,
forMnstructions, and yesterday he received
the following reply:
"WASHINGTON, D. C, August 2, 190L
James R. Dunn, Chinese Bureau. San Fran
cisco: Chinese crew steamship Coptic cannot
land without violation of law. They must be
returned to the vessel immediately.
T. V. POWDERL.Y.
Commissioner General of Immigration.
authorities yesterday. The result
was that the Chinese were displaced by
white men, who are now handling the
cargoes.
THE use of the Chinese crews as
stevedores by the Pacific Mall and
other steamship companies was
discountenanced by the Federal
Use of Them as. Stevedores
Stopped by Order of Com
missioner of Immigration
CHINESE CREWS
MUST NOT LAND
THE fourth day of the strike de
veloped no appreciable change In
the condition of affairs along the
front- Several vessels cleared
loaded and with fall crews. A3
many more came into port loaded to the
gunwales with freight and Joined the fleet
of tled-up vessels. The strikers claim that
they are making a -winning fight. On the
other hand the employers claim that the
advantage is with them. The casual ob
server cannot see where an advantage has
been gained by either side.
The Coptic succeeded In getting out yes
terday on time. The big vessel >carried
considerable freight, but was compelled
to leave almost as much more on the
dock. The Mall dock la literally covered
with merchandise, and this must be re
moved before the cargoes of the City of
Sydney, the America Maru and the City
of Para can be taken out. How this can
be accomplished .with the small number
of longshoremen at present available Is a
matter that Is causing the Mall company
considerable uneasiness.
The crew of the Anubis finished loading
the Hermonthis yesterday and Immediate
ly commenced the task of loading their
own vessel. The Hermonthis sailed at 2
Santa Rosa Discharges.
The Santa Rosa was unloaded yester
day, and the non-union men who handled
her cargo Immediately commenced putting
coal in her bunkers. The Pacific Coast
Steamship Company hopes to be able -to
have her ready to leave on schedule time.
¦Work was commenced on the cargo of
the Curacao yesterday. She arrived here
from Mexican ports last Sunday and is
berthed at the Broadway dock.
The steamers Pleiades and Czarina, the
German ship Neck, the ships British Gen
eral, King Edward and Emella Ctampa
and the schooner Una are lying idle at
the wharves. There is an immense amount
of work to be done on these vessels be
fore they can be got" ready for sea, but
their owners find it Impossible to obtain
hands. The Aconcagua is being unloaded
by her crew of Chileans at Howard-street
wharf. They succeeded in landing but a
small portion of her cargo yesterday.
The Oregon Railway and Navigation
Company has given up all attempts, to
load the Columbia and the Alaska Com
mercial Company has about concluded
that It will not be able to get the Cone
maugh ready for her trip to Cape Nome
before next week.
Two or. three men were all that could
be found yesterday willing to go to work
on the John Cook at Main-street wharf.
The vessel is loaded with lumber. The
owners of the schooners Viking and Com
merce, which are tied up at Fremont
street wharf, gave up the job of help
chasing in di3gust- They traversed the
entire front yesterday but were unable to
secure a man. The owners of the bark
Palmyra and the schooner Mary E
Smith met with a like fate In their search
for longshoremen. The two last-named
vessels are tied up at Berry-street wharf.
Umatilla Will Be Delayed.
The steam schooner San Pedro got
into port yesterday and Is -lying at Mis
sion-street wharf. She is lumber laden
and liable to remain so for some time, as
her entire crew walked off the vessel as
soon as she wag moored. Captain John- 1
son, his mate and clerk worked all the
afternoon on the heavy timbers, but 'only
succeeded in getting a few pieces ashore.
The steamer Eureka sailed yesterday
for the north. She did not have a full
cargo. The Umatilla, which is scheduled
to sail for northern ports Sunday morn
ing, will not be able to get away before
Monday or Tuesday.
The strikers doubled their force of
pickets yesterday. The front is now pa
trolled by squads of vigilant longshore
men, who by means of a system of sig
nals which they have established keep
each other informed of the doings of their
opponents. They also see that bibulous
individuals do not cause any disturbance
A close watch is kept on the fleet of ves
sels tied up in Mission bay, which in
crfeses in. number dally. The fleet in
Oakland Creek is also being added to
dally.
An attempt was made yesterday to
commence loading the big ship Star of
Italy, which has been tied up at Spear
street dock since the first day of the
strike, but the effort was not successful
The Star of—Italy is due to sail for Mel
bourne when her cargo has been placed
aboard.
Conemaugh Probably Will Not
Be Loaded and Ready to Sail
for Nome Till Next Week
Fourth Day of Strike Shows
Little Change in the Situa
tion Along the Water Front
WORK ON DOCKS
CONTINUES AND
SHIPS DEPART
NEGOTIATIONS FOR A SETTLEMENT OF STRIKE BRING NO
RESULTS, BUT A FURTHER CONFERENCE MAY BE H ELD
THE SAN FKAi^CISCO CALL, SATURDAY, AUGUST 3, I??'*-
2
Difficult Digestion
That is dyspepsia. .
It makes life miserable.
Its sufferers eat not because they want to,
-but simply because they must.
They, know they are irritable and fretful;
but they cannot be otherwise.
They complain of a -bad taste In the
mouth, a. tenderness at the pit of the atom*
ach, an uneasy feeling of puffy fulness,
headache, heartburn and what not.
Thcf effectual remedy, proved by perroa*
nent cares of thousands of severe cases, is
Hood's Sarsaparilla
Hooi/d fiua are the bast cathartla.Jolon District': Trees Healthy.
MONTEREY. Aug. .2. — Horticultural
Commissioner. Saylor of. the Jolon district
of this county has Just. completed his of
ficial . examination of the : trees in", the'or
chards about Jolon and'- finds them.as a
whole in fine condition.' He states I that the
trees ; there are - less ; subject' to ; pest" than
those in orchards in tha : coast ¦ districts;
Kills Himself "With a ' Bifle.
MARYSVILLE,' Aug. 2.— Frank Bushby.
a resident of , this!county, ; . committed'sui
cide at '¦¦ his father's ' ranch - this • morning
by^ shootlngf himself ' through ? the .. heart
with a '¦ rifle. /He had * been 111 >¦ f or " several •
days with malarial fever and is supposed
to have been despondent. -He' , was -25
years old. > ' , ! ' :-.•¦ - ••" ¦•¦-. . . "¦•-¦¦,
.',:"':-.. i •¦;¦';•.-. • ¦ .- '•' ¦ ¦ ¦ • .¦:
* \t Miss Jordan Now,; a • Teacher.
-SALINAS, "Aug. 2.— Edith Jordan/daugh
ter of Prof essor; David 'Starr, Jordan; 1 , who
has just completed'a post graduate course"
at Cornell University, has • accepted*a''po
sition | as -- teacher., of mathematics? i n ¦ the
SnUnns TTIi li "i 1 1 rnr- rim — irpr-ranr»»iinimnn
New Street Railway Manager.
. LOS ANGELES. Aug. 2.^-Epes : Ran-'
dolph, until recently superintendent of the
Southern Pacific Tucson, division,. arrived
here -to-day to. take charge; of the, Los
Angeles street railway system, with' the
title of general manager. He ¦' succeeds
C..W. Smith, who has been, made a vice
president of the company.wnMMHBJ
SAN JOSE, Aug. 2.— There is no cessa
tion In the demand for dried fruit ' from
Eastern buyers. President Woods of the
Cured ¦ Fruit C : Association : reports - that
twenty-five carloads , have been disposed
of during. the past three days. The sales
have all been made on the 3-eent basis/
Growers are being- advised to hold on to
their crop, as prices may advance... -. "
Great Demand for Dried Fruit.
SAN BERNARDINO. Aug. 2.— Mrs. R.
Parker was severely injured yesterday by
being struck by a local .Santa Fe train.
She attempted to cross the track in front
of the engine - and apparently ' misjudged
the rapidity with which the train was ap
proaching. . The engine struck her; knock
ed her off the track ; and when she was
picked up she was In an unconscious con
dition. She will probably die. V .
"Wofnan Struck by a Train.
"VISAXXA, A-ug. Z — The Trustees of VI
salla last nVgfrA a-warded a contract to
TreWhitt & Martin of this city to build
a complete eystem of sewers. Nine bids
were ¦ considered. These ranged from
tTC,€W to $55,500. The latter was the low
est bid and was accepted.
Scwer System for Visalia,
The ;. Egbert sailed V from . Seattle . for
Alaska July 31,' about half-past 3 o'clock.
In ' the hurry of departure McCaull was'
not • missed; ¦ particularly • as i he had been
seen' on board about 11 -o'clock 'that morn
ing. : When ' It ' was found that' McCaull
was not on board Captain George H. Pen
rose, . the >¦ quartermaster .; in command ¦ of
the Egbert, , immediately, made an investi
gation, and -as • he could j not : open the safe
for some reason <he had It -blown ! open. He
then found 1 that -all of : the bills and -most
of the gold except a few stray pieces were
missing. • The shortage ;,is stated . to be
$5463 34. There -was silver in" the safe to
the amoiintof $915 60. A certificate of de
posit on, the.' Seattle National- Bank ¦¦"¦for
$4062 02,- to . the credit; of Captain P. H.° Mc-
Caull, was found in a sealed envelope.
Captain McCaull,- the father.of the miss
ing man.V.vas formerly the commander of
the ' Egbert, but recently • lpf t ithe service
and' is < now somewhere . in -'Alaska.,, Only
a short time ago. Captain McCaull was ap
pointed: Postmaster of ;*. Lynchburg, -Va.;
but has; not I yet qualified for • the . office.
His son was . clerk under - him : f or» several
years, ¦¦: and .when - ¦ Captain ¦-, Penrose ; : as
sumed command , Captain McCaull | recom
mended; him very highly, for the position,"
and he was therefore retained for . the
duty. ¦¦•'." :--•¦"' '¦-¦ - ; '-"'¦. ¦ ¦¦¦'•:¦ .'.'. ,«
..'At ') noon . on - July . 31 ; John McCaull ..was
seen' around 'the; Hotel Diller. In this 'city
in citizen's clothes, but from : that time : no
trace of him 'can be found. Officers of the
Government are, trying to. locate him. '*
Demands Property. From A gent.
¦ -SANTA • BARBARA,^ Aug.i- 2.— In '"¦ the
matter,: of • the' ' estate ¦ of Mrs. .- Hanisch , a
: citation ' has ) been' issued ; upon * the " reques t
! of ¦' t»ublic e Administrator iA^.M. -_ Ruiz
iW. - W.I; Burton '.{ to f appear '.to-day : in
Superior 'Court .: to >j show 1 * cause, why 'he
phalli not -turn* over; certain" property- of
the Hamscb estate ; which ', has been • in f I1I3
; custody as I agent . for;- Frederick | Hanisch r
] husband of the : deceased. ?fl MrsA Hamsch,
:it Lwlll 1 be remembered ;' committed suicide
at i her >Monteclto 5 home* last; winter.'-: She
was U formerly^?: Countess \ Rltter ' of Gor
; many.';; r.The ' citation ? calls i: for ; the '¦ house
: hold . property j now '.stored - in i the \ Fithian
building and valued at
ihasibeenitourlng "Europe, 1 returned 1 rather
: unexpectedly.^ Thursday^' evenlng^of this
week.1" What - action » he .- will" take Vln J the
matter is not known,-, but so ;far. the prop-
, erty, has-been ' held by, his ' agent," Burton. >*~
, SEATTLE, Aug. 2.— Word was received
from Victoria to-day of the : alleged defal
cation "of Quartermasters Clerk John ' Mc-
Caull and: his disappearance" from , the
United States transport Egbert, on which
he was assigned to duty.
;}. '¦ ' ..-.* Special Dispatch to The Call. .;
SEATTLE, ., Aug. 2.— The . latest news
from Nome bearing on -the .tragedy that
occurred on Unamik Island in June seems
to shroud f he affair in more mystery. Re
cently a letter from- Unalaska. gave" an
account of an affair wherein- D: Jackson
of ; Idaho" alleged tfiat ¦ he and his .' three
partners were set'upon by-natives and
tho three partners "were murdered. ; He
told how he had barely." escaped .with j his
life- . Inthe-Nome Gold Digger of Julyil7
is a ; lengthy account of the ' affair as it
reached; Nome and , no mention of an' at
tack by . natives is given. That paper
says: ;¦... . •_ . '. .¦¦.. -£» ;. ¦ . ' . , .-.
"The murder is to be investigated by
officers of a revenue cutter, and whoever
committed the horrible^ deed; will be
brought to justice. ¦ As told in the Gold
Digger last week, the graves of the two
prospectors. were found on Unamik Island
by: the crew,; of '-the Thomas ; F. Bayard,
with a rude cross to mark their last rest
ing place. On Thursday Captain W. Cros
by, master of - the . KInghurst,". reached
Nome and told 'the following tale: ¦ :- ¦
" 'On June 28 we spoke the. Lizzie Colby,
fishing in ' the Bering Sea, ; sixteen . miles
off shore.? The captain requested us to re
port in case we met a" revenue cutter that
he landed at Cape Llppin,' Unamik Island,"
on June 17; and -found the bodies of, < the
two Sutherland brothers, whom he knew
personally, | lying dead on the beach. , their
bodies -stabbed in many: places. 4 Strewn
about . in : confusion were , provisions '¦ and '
sacks of flour. ..the latter' stamped ¦ with
the names "Jackson and Sutherland.V
The captain of the Colby,, stated that 'a
man named Jackson-left last fall to,pros
pect with thec'Sutherlands. .¦ The » captain
of -. the- Colby told me ? that he , knew / the
Sutherlands well,' and ' they.. 1 had ¦ $1000 hi
gold dust when they were landed at Cape
Lippin last fall to. prospect.'"' . - :
>,,::-¦¦ ¦¦-.> • •-.- ¦ .->¦¦-
Special Dispatch to The Call. '
PETA1OIX, Ans. i— Mrs. Flora. Faust
-n-as -biU-Lced to death ax her home sonth
of b«re tils afternoon. The fire that
caused her death was evidently started by
her own hand. She left a note explaining
that she intended to end her life. Neigh
bore saw flames iseninj? from the barn,
but rpen their arrival the building was
in ruins. The remains were found later
after the place had been searched. In the
ruins were also a pistol and rifle. Mrs.
F"a*ist was a. native of Germany and 55
years old.
WOMAN* 'JEHTDS H KH, TAW.
--3T BURNING THE BAHN
25 rs. Hora Tanst cf Tetalmna Pound
Dead in Kuans of a
HjthIgiup*.
•Defaulter. , V
Transport Officer Is Ac
cused of Being a
Unamik .* Tragedy As-
ling Aspect.
sumes a More Start-
LOS ANGELES. Aug. 2.— A tent in
which the congregation of the Church of
the TCazarene has been holding camp
meeting services at Vernon -was burned
early this morning. The tent and its con
tents, including an organ, were com
pletely ruined- The fire was of an in
cendiary nature, coal oil. having been
poured upon • the carpet in the tent by
some miscreant who made a slit in the
cotton wall to gain an entrance. "-'
I'ire'bTig Destroys a Tent
PACIFIC GROVE, Aug. 2.— One of the
most curious marriages ever recorded in
this county occurred in the local China
town last night. Ah Sing, a Chinese mer
chant, marrying Daisy Shelley, a negress,
who lately came to Monterey. *
The ceremony was performed by Jus
tice of the Peace J. A. Pell of this city
In the presence of white witnesses and a
white man grave the bride away. AJl the
flourishes of, a Caucasian wedding were
included In the affair, notwithstanding
the fact that three races were represent
ed in the wedding party.
and "WMte Man Gives the
Bride Away. -
Monterey Chinese Marries Negress
THKEE EACES PRESENT
AT A NOVEL WEDDING
CLERK MISSING
AND COIN GONE
SEATTLE, Wash., Aug. 2.— The steam
thip "Victorian, Captain Roberts, reached
port to-day -with 52>D,000 in Klondike treas
ure end seventy passengers, many of
-whom -were from Interior Alaskan points.
Captain Roberts brings ' news that the
steamer Rustler, which was recently
-wrecked on Five FinEer rocks, is still on
the rocks, but may be saved. The steam
er Susie sailed from Dawson July 27 for
a second trip to St. MichaeL She took
twenty-eight passengers and $600,000 in
prold dust consigned to the United States
Mint at San Francisco. James McKeown,
aged 28 years, formerly of Portland, Ore.,
was killed on his claim. .No. 12 below on
Bonanza, Irr tmichinsr a. live wire on
July 21.
Corporal Martin and 'a squad of soldiers
left Skagnay on July 27 on the Viral Rial
for Haines, The purpose of the expedi
tion -was to relieve Sergeant Robinson,
-who -was sent down a week or more be
fore -to prevent any outbreak of the ChH
kat Indians, who were supposed to be on
the point of attacking the whites. - , ¦» '-- *
Brought to Seattle From the
Aia^VgTi Claims.
Three Hundred Thousand Dollars
7A I M K ».fi OP. ELLO23DIKE
KT-.*ir> TREASURE SOUTH
SUIT TO BE BROUGHT
TO OUST A TRUSTEE
San Jose Teacher Who Was Dismissed
Questions Validity of Offi
cial's Position. %
SAN JOSE, Aug. 2.— School Trustee M.
J. Graham is to be made the defendant in
a suit to oust him from office.' Permis
sion to bring a suit In the name of the
State has. been granted by Attorney Gen
eral Ford on the petition of Miss Fannie
Stockton, who was dismissed by the
School Board. u .--.
For a number of years Graham's wife
has been a teacher in the kindergartens.
When Miss Stockton was dismissed from
the schools she laid it to Graham, who,
she claimed, sacrificed her in order to
hold his wife in her position. In a suit
brought by Miss McGinley to be rein
' stated as teacher the late Judge Klt
i tredge passed on the" point raised In
Graham's case,- and held that a man act
ing as School Director whose wife was
employed in the schools came within the
meaning of the section of the charter
which" prohibits officials from being Inter
ested in city contracts.
In his answer to the petition for leave
to bring suit filed with the Attorney Gen
eral Graham claimed he had a contract
with his wife whereby her earnings as
a teacher became her separate property.
These various parlors" have had com
mittees on the field looking for halls and
accommodations already, and it Is pre
sumed that within a fortnight all general
matters will be arranged.
A t celebration: planned .with the elabor-.
ateness with which the local Native Sons':
committee 1 is arranging for the coming
Admission day affair demands the deep
Interest and ' active 'support of the busi
ness men of a community.". It has been
the function of the finance and subscrip
tion committees to actively' interest the'
merchants of San Jose in the coming fes
tivities in order that the large amount of
money necessary might be raised. Judg
ing from the amount already, pledged, the
requisite amount necessary for the enter
tainment of ; »..ie city's guests- is assured.
At the lowest estimate $5000 will be neces
sary to carry out the committee's plans.
This amount : has ; been carefully " appor
tioned by ' the finance : committee among
the various sub-committees, so that each
line of work may be properly carfied out:
s The three days of entertainment will
begin with ' the reception* and escort of
visiting parlors upon the Saturday even- .
ing of arrival and end, with '.the. festivities
of Monday, when the grand parade will,
be held. , Meanwhile every . moment .of
time will be filled . with ; entertainment —
evening and day parades, pyrotechnic dis
plays, parlor.' receptions and. high jink*,
picnics, outings, barbecues, concerts and
balls. . ' . ' ' -\ ' '
will swell the southern delegation, while
at Gilroy Fremont Parlor of Hollister will
complete the aggregation.
MYSTERY NOW
SHROUDS GRIME
SAN JOSE, Aug. 2.— The plans of
the Native Sons for the Admis
sion day celebration in/ this city
have matured sufficiently to as
sure a grand success. From all
over the State come cheering words of
co-operation, and a dozen. .large commit
tees are at work to ' make the fifty-first
birthday of. California a notable one. . "'.
' The parlors..- m Santa Cruz, Watsonville,
Salinas,- Hollister, Liyermore, Haywards, :
Alvarado, Centerv'ille, Oakland, Alameda,
Berkeley, Vallejo,: San Rafael, Sausalito,
San • Francisco and many other places
have Admission day committees making
arrangements to come to San Jose, j Be
fore leaving for the Garden City most of
these parlors will parade from the halls
to the trains. The most noteworthy of
these parades will be the one in j San
Francisco on the evening of the 7th.
Thirty-three parlors will ' be in . this pa
rade, representing the "around-the-bay"
Native Sons. This large delegation will
come to San. Jose by special excursion
trains on the narrow gauge road.
Large excursions will : come over the
Niles route from; Livermore, Vallejo and
way points. Santa Cruz will send its vis
itors over the South Pacific Coast Rail-,
road. Salinas Parlor will come over the
Coast Division to Castroville, where Gab-
Ilan Parlor will Join the natives from
Monterey County. ' At Pajaro Watsonville
screamed for help and the negro ran into
the -woods, yarmers living in the vicinity
of the place answered the appeals for
help and began a search for the murderer.
By a hole in the bottom of Bentley*s shoe
they followed his tracks to his house near
by and into the woods some distance
away, where they found him. Bentley at
iirst denied his guilt, but confessed when
taken to tire tree to be hanged. He gave
no reason tor >!i< crime.
The murder was committed early in the
morning- while Vann and his wife and
child were asleep In a camp three miles
from Leeds. "Vaim's skull was crushed
with a Btone and his slayer then grabbed
Mrs. Williams around the throat, but she
BIRMINGHAM, Ala., Aug. 2.— With a
rope around his neck and death before
htra Charley Bentley. a negro, confessed
to the mnrder of Jim Vann. alias "Wil
liams, a -white man, and was hanged by
a mob in Leeds, St. Clair County, Ala.,
to-day. The murderer's body was riddled
with bnBets and left hanging.
The Coroner's Jury had just returned a
verdict fixing the responsibility of the
murder on Bentley. Members of the mob
learned of the verdict and a crowd quick
ly gathered around the prisoner and un
heeding: his pleas for mercy hanged him
to a tree.
Ifegro to a Tree Despite His
Pleas for Mercy.
Angry Citizens of Alabama String a
C0I7TESSES TO MTJEDEB,
ASD IS QUICKLY HANGED
Southern Pacific Imports
-Men to Work on
New Tunnel*
Furnishes Free Transporta
tion From Ogden to
Los Angeles.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
KANSAS CITT, Aug. 2.— The State Free
Employment Bureau has received an order
from the Southern Paclflo Railway for 2000
men for California. It Is the largest or
der that has ever been received sine© tha
bureau was established In Kansas City,
and while It is not likely that 2000 laborers
will go from this section of the country
to California, a great many will go. The
work Is railroad construction, most of it
' in a tunnel a ¦ few miles from Los An
geles. "- The tunnel will b« one and one
half miles long, through a small mountain*
and ; It will take years ,- to finish it. The
company furnishes free transportation
from Ogden, but from Kansas City to Og
den a rate of $12.40 must be paid 'by the
man who goes to work. The first ship
ment of men will be made Monday mora
ine.
The dry weather in Missouri and East
ern Kansas has put ' a new phase on the -
labor situation In ' Kansas City. Farmers
who ; usually keep help the year round '
have been discharging men because there
was little to do. The hay crop after har- -
vest, -what there was of it, did not re
quire much work, and there are far more
idle men in this ' region than ever be
fore.. ¦ . - ' ¦
1 LOS, ANGELES; Aug. -2.— In handing
down : an order . dismissing the fifth trial
of Charles Compton, who four years ago
was for forgery, Judge Luden
Shaw; of the Superior Court to-day took
occasion : to r tell ? the : Justices of t the . Su
preme* bench, .what' he .thought: of them.
The Compton case has cost Los Angeles
County about $.20,000, and ¦ although , the
accused* Is now dismissed y he • has spent
four years and seventeen days In jail. In
his order dismissing Compton Judge Shaw
says: y - -. . ¦¦..¦ ¦- ..¦.¦..
There never, has been any serious ques
tion ' in' my- mind that the defendant was
properly - convicted. The-' reversal was
upon a point purely technical and not in
volving the question of guilt or innocence.
I. think It -is proper to say here also that
the decision of the Supreme Court, bo far
as it is sustained by the facts, was made
upon a- point not presented to the court
below and not preserved in the record be
fore the Supreme Court.
? "The decision In substance Is that the
second panel of . jurors, • called from an
other : department to complete the jury,
was not regularly bnwght Into court.
This objection was . not - made upon the
trial and ¦ does not appear in the record.
If made at all it was upon the -argument
In the Supreme Court. It Is well settled
that such an objection cannot be made
for the first Ltlme in that court."
, Continuing Judge Shaw says that the
citation of the case, the ' people vs. Ed
wards. Is "wholly. Inapplicable" and "Is
not 1 authority for the absurd proposition
that the names. of a second panel, called
only- to be used upon . an uncertain con
tingency, or : the ' names of Jurors sum
moned for other departments, must be
put into the box along with these of the
regular panel before the selection is bs
gun." In conclusion the Judge says:
"It is to b« regretted that the Supreme
Court Is , so crowded .with Its work that
it cannot give to the cases before It a
sufficient examination and consideration
to; avoid such errors. In this case the
result is a miscarriage of 'justice."
DECLINES TO ACCEPT ¦
CALL TO PHILADELPHIA
- ¦ i . ¦ « ¦. ~ -
Dr. Minton, Moderator of Presbyte
rian General -Assembly, ."Will Re
main on Pacific Coast.
PHILADELPHIA, Aug. 2.-Dr. Henry
Collins Minton of California, moderator of
the Presbyterian . General Assembly, has
declined a call to the pastorate of the
Chambers-Wylle Memorial Church In thi3
city Further efforts are being made, al
though probably with little hope of suc
cess," to have Dr. Minton reconsider the
matter. In his letter declining the call.
Dr.. Minton said he felt that his position
was such toward the church on the Pa
cific Coast and the church at large— for It
was as a representative of the "Western
country that he had been elected to the
office - of general moderator— that he did
not see his way clear to accept the pasto
rate of the Philadelphia church. By vir
tue of his office Dr. Minton is chairman
of the committee to revise the confession,
of faith of the Presbyterian church.
Hanged for a Double Murder.
IiA GRANGE, Ga., Aug. 2.— Edmond
Scott was hanged here to-day for the
murder of two negro women named Car
rie and MIna Hugely. ¦ ..
EQUALIZERS CONSIDER
THE SOUTHERN"' PACIFIC
Plan Proposed to Take Small Branches
; Out of Hands of County
/ Assessors. :
SACRAMENTO, Aug. 2.— The Southern
Pacific Railroad was taken up by the
State Board of Equalization late this
afternoon .and partially considered. The
statement disclosed no increased length,
as compared with a year ago, but an in
crease in trackage is shown, due to addi
tion of spurs and sidings, and the doub
ling of track a distance of thirty miles.
The length of the road was given at
2089.02 miles and the value at $17,500,000
this year as compared with $14,715,000," last
year's figure. The earnings this year are
given as $17,004,503 88, against $14,145, 729 15,
last year's sum.' The actual net income
"is given as $1,277,822 55. A deficiency was
claimed last year of $12,355 73. . ¦
Equalizer j Toland announced his inten
tion to move ! to-morrow that the assess
ment of certain small branches be taken
out of the hands of the County/Assessors
and placed with the State Equalizers, it
is claimed by other Equalizers that the
assessment of the local Assessors is lower
than would be that of the State Board
and that therefore no additional revenue
would be derived. It is probable that
'Poland's motion will provoke a lively de
bate to-morrow. - . ;
The board spent. the earlier part of the
day examining the statement of the Cen
tral .Pacific Railroad. The operating
earnings in California are given as $9,006,
716 40, against $7,996,291 48 a year ago,- or
an increase of $1,010,424 92. The. total
other earnings, including switching
charges, car and locomotive mileage, etc.,
are given as $182,254 05, - against $229,576 35
the year before, or . a decrease of $4322 30.
The total gross earnings are given as
$9,1S8,97O 45, against $8,225,867 82, or an In
crease of $963,102 62. The operating - ex
penses are given this year as $5,655,901 05,
against 15,128,871 08 last year, or an in
crease of $527,029 97. The net operating
income in California is > given as $3,340,
815 35.
OFFICERS OF COMMITTEES
FOR NATIVE SONS CELEBRA
TIONIN SAN JOSE.
TRAIN WRECKS
FRAIL TRESTLE
vicious mrLE 'kicks
FACE OF BLACKSMITH
Injury and the Victim
Animal's Ironed Hoof Causes Terrible
Will Die.
SAN BERNARDINO, Aug. 2.— D. R.
Owen, -a blacksmith at* Highland, five
miles from here, was kicked in the face!
by' a vicious mule .yesterday.. afternoon |
and so badly injured that he will ' die.
Owen had been shoeing the ° animal, and ¦
had driven the last nail. -He arose from a '
stooping position when the mule suddenly
landed its iron hoofs squarely in his face.
He was thrown a : considerable distance
by the blow,! but quickly, recovered him
self and seizing a bar struck the mule a
terrific; blow over the head, felling it to
the ground.
Almost immediately Owen fell in a heap,
unconscious from pain and loss of blood.
He : was taken^to a doctor's ¦ office, where
It was found that almost every bone In
his face had been splintered. The bones
of his nose had been driven back into his
mouth. Owen's death Is hourly expected/
Killed at the Great Sweepstake.
REDDING. Aug. 2.— The first death at
the'Great ' Sweepstake; mine, '¦,•'¦ fifty-six
miles, west of Redding, occurred Wednes
dayj afternoon. Word of It reached this
city, this morning. : R. D.- Stone, formerly
of Napa. County, .was the victim. "He was
foreman of a crew of carpenters and mill
wrights constructing: a sawmill to supply
the mine ¦- management . with lumber.
<While standing on a large; timber twelve
feet -above, the ground it. started *to turn
and he leaped. The heavy piece fell and
crushed " him. He • lived only a.' few mln
.utes.' ; - ;¦',¦'¦ -: ¦-:" -v' ../ . ..; . ¦
Sleighs to Mines in Alaska.
SEATTLE,' Aug. 2.— According to the
Skaguay News arrangements ; are being
made: to put on an' improved winter;ser
vice i from '.White - Horse : to ' Dawson as
soon as the Ice Is. solid.' -New and im
proved > models of sleigh coaches . will . be
used, several of these being ordered from
the outside. All the mining* ground not
now- claimed' on". Bonanza. Hunker and
Bear creeks ha3 been 'withdrawn by order
of the Gold Commipaloner/ •^SBBBafekhat
Engines and Cars Meet
With Disaster on a
Desert. - "
•. ¦ ¦ ¦ -¦ ¦
— # —
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN BERNARDINO, Aug. 2.— A double
headed ; freight train ; dashed ; over .'a j tres
tle, near Ludlow ; last evening and. the fire
men'_,: and 'engineers of the two engines
narrowly escaped a horrible death. -
The 'two<engiries : were "drawing : freight
train : No.' 33 at a' lively rate, when in cross
lng'a,trestle a few.mlles west of Ludlow
the | timbers ' supporting the trestle gave
way ¦ and the ri engines « crashed I throug'h;
While 'Steam was hissing from the boilers
the \ firemen ». : and > engineers ¦ crawled - out
from the cabs and aside from a few bruises
and : scratches they were '¦ uninjured. - ' Sev
eral' cars ! followed the engines and an In
discriminate .' mass of wreckage was . the
result. '.•""•¦ .¦ .¦¦, .' ..::^-\" ¦ -..:¦ '¦ ~~ -¦:¦
¦¦.'¦".Thought the. train crew; on^the freight
train escaped death, the crew on the train
that;. was hurried' out from : this city to
clear , up the ; wreckage were not' so : lucky ;
arid now; on ':a r board, slab at -Barstow He
the: remains ; of Juan 1 Artegas, a , Mexican;
The I wrecking; train left : this : city, shortly
before » midnight." All . went '.well » until the
train passed. Barstow,' when "Artegas; 1 . who
was on ; one of 'the' flatcars^ of
the '.wrecking train Most his ; balance "and
was , thrown ¦ from the train ; and killed: .
¦ Immediately after, the wreck red- signals
were ; displayed, along ; the -tracks on: both
sides •., of -i the *j trestle. Y. Shortly "afterward"
the , California limited came along and was
stopped. 1 ; The : Eastern ' overland was also
delayed.".: It : was not until' late this morn
ing that the .track | was | repaired and Uraf
flc over;. the • road>was ' resumed. ¦ ; Both i en
gines : were -.badly, broken; three /cars dam
aged s and ;. the t; trestle % demolished: '¦; The
wreck , was - caused , by 'a 1 heavy rain which
fell on thel desert; yesterday.' ,
Of • Interest ;.to & People ¦ of J the s Coast.
' Aug. i 2.-The i following
Postmasters -have been ',¦ appointed: h Cali
fornia^r-William^Lane.",TlaiJuana, San Di
ego i County,', vice i A'. ; G." Stearns; ¦ resigned ;
William X P.- Archibald; J Belvedere;'* Marin
County, .vice H. ? F. Bahrmelster,* resigned;
~.' Washington — Edward v.Wall.'.V Lincoln
County;': vice CYH." Moff att,~. removed.'- ; ¦'• %
>- Pensions (.were : Issued -to-day : as ¦¦ follows:
California : *.-:. Original— "William*- H. 1 ;. Santee,
National! Soldiers' Home,; Los "Angeles; $S.
Increase-^ John < H.S- Livingston.^ San * Jose, 5
$8 ; "-"¦Abel * P.? Hoffman r> Los 'Angeles, r; $10 ;
Robert | H." Douglass,*' South | Pasadena,^ $12:
"William 7 B.* Ingels,r;Hollister,v$10. War
with: Spaing original-George *F. J Page.t Rai
mona,"; $30;^ Peter f l F.^ l Thelan,'t Cordelia,- $12:
jWidow— "Annie i G;; Clark, j Sacramento," $8.' ?
*¦> Oregon : At Original— Daniel nw. .> Morrow,"
Los r Creek.^; J6.^*- Increase^— Jackson Kile,
Cottage 'Grove,', $10/
Child Kicked by! a Horse.
'.SALINAS. Aug. 2.— J. J. Hebbrbn. su
perintendent ; of the ¦ Pacific ; Improvement
Company's j stock ; andj dairy ] : ranches "' In
California; ; received. .word'/ this morning
that his son ; Burton, : at ; Laurellos ; ranch,
twenty miles from this city, was serious
ly."; hurt.. The. boy,, who is- ": years* old.'
was playing ''in:, a* stable and a horse
kicked , him in -the : f ace. ; His ¦ right upper
jaw' was ', fractured and: seven 'teeth '.were
knocked out. : *; ' '•
' Favor .Closing Shingle Mills.
, SEATTLE, Aug. 2.-^Vlctor. N.'-Beckman,
secretary : of the Washington Red Cedar
Shingle T Manufacturers' r Association to
day ] received j. the ~. first" replies - to <¦ his i cir
cular i asking i that ; members : of the asso
ciation J express ; themselves l for; or : against
the ! proposition '.thatthe^ mills : close : down
until: market" conditions ' Improves '-The re
plies'were overwhelmingly in favor: of the
shutdown: *affiHMB8HM9ttHSSIKinM9MMl
Buoys Set' in Alaskan
Mayor A. P. Dennis had to interfere
personally to-night with a body of strik
ers and prevent them from taking David
Alman, a machinist of Brooklyn, forcibly
to the camp across the river. The Mayor
took the man to the train and paid his
fare out of town to protect him.
"Reports are in circulation to-night that
more men are coming on the midnight
train. Organizer Griffith said to-night: 'It
is pretty near time for the American Fed
eration of Labor to take part In this
strike. This afternoon their men locked
a car door on us and would not allow us
in where the strike-breakers were. I pro
pose to enter a protest about this matter
where it will count.' "
*H At the close of the thlr^ week of the
f^H e .^P 011^ the steelworkers In the
\Vellsville plant of the American Sheet
Steel Company the cteel trust has the bet
ter of the argument. Nine new tnen from
Scottsdale were taken into the mill to
day. The men were in the parlor car of
the afternoon train, and the doors were
locked at East Liverpool and the strikers'
pickets refused permission to enter. When
the mill was reached the train was
stopped and the men were rushed under
the stockade before the pickets were able
to get to them. The strikers are in an
ugly mood to-night and much chagrined
over the company getting the men into
the mill. ¦¦ i ¦
During the day many telegrams were
received at the association conference
rooms, the last coming just before ad
journment, and all were answered
promptly. The last answer was . in all
probability the announcement of the New
York people that the trip would be made
by the officials to-night, carrying out an
arrangement entered into at Veryl Pres
ton's rooms in the Hotel Henry a short
time before. At about 4:45 p. m. Messrs.
Shaffer, Williams and Chappelle went to
Preston's rooms ana- were closeted with
him for about thirty minutes. The un
derstanding is that at this meeting Pres
ton made known the combination's only
concession In the matter of reopening the
conference where it left oft three weeks
ago. This concession was in the shape of
a demand that if a new conference is
granted it must be specifically stated be
forehand what Is expected to be accom
plished, what ground Is to be covered and
what companies are to participate.
This brings the matter up to the Amal
gamated Association, and the mission of
its high officials to New York Is doubtless
to convince the steel people there that a
new conference is' essential to peace and
an amicable settlement cf the strike trou
bles.
The conference to-day was a repetition
of yesterday, the strictest kind of secrecy
being maintained as to the happenings in
side the room.
A telegram from Wellsvllle, Ohio, to
night says:
PITTSBURG, Aug> 2.- Judging by indi
cations that are practically f acts» peace
or war in the steel troubles will be an
nounced from New York City to-morrow.
When the Amalgamated Association ex
ecutive committee adjourned this evening
President Shaffer announced that another
meeting will be held to-morrow. There
will probably be a meeting here to-mor
row 'of a portion of the board, but 'the
national officers will be " in New York.
They left for that city to-night at 10
o'clock. The circumstances leading up < to
this unexpected trip, while not officially
made known, are evident enough to sub
stantiate the story which follows:
Action 'in Oompton -Case Is
Qalled Miscarriage of
Justice.
— ? * — ¦ • ¦'.
Special Dispatch te The CalL
Conferees. Will Next Meet in
New York to Discuss
Situation.
The men who founded these communities
Fhowed practically by their nf* work that it
Is iadeed the spirit of adventure which Is the
maker of commonwealths. Their traits of dar
ing and hardihood and iron endurance are not
merely indispensable- traits for successful pio
neers; they are also- traits which must go to
the make-up of every mighty and successful
reople. You ana your,- fathers who built up
the West did more even than you thought, for
you shaped thereby the destiny of the whole
republic and as a necessary corollary pro
foundly Influenced the course of events through
out the world. More and more, as the years
go by, this republic will find its guidance in
the thought and action of the West, -because
the conditions of development in the "West
have steadily tended to accentuate the pe
culiarly American characteristics of its people.
Incomparably slower. In all the history of
mankind there is nothing that quite parallels
the way In which our people have filled a
vr.eani continent* with self-governing common
wealths, knit into one nation. And of all this
marvelous history, perhaps the most wonder
ful portion is that which deals with the way
la which the Pacific Coast and the Rocky
Mountains were settled.
COLORADO BPRIXGS* Aug. 1— The
principal feature of the Colorado quarto
centennial celebration In this city to-day
¦wae an address by Theodore Roosevelt,
Vice President of the United States, on
"The Growth of the West During the
Iiast Quarter of & Century/' On his ar
rival this morning- Colonel Roosevelt was
welcomed by Governor Orman and staff,
trar veterans, school children and many
others. At 19 o'clock he was escorted to
Korth Park* where he spoke In the open
air to an assembly of 10,003 people, who
rara him an enthusiastic reception, and
frequently Interrupted his remarks with
applause. Following is an extract:
Too, tile men of Colorado, and above all,
the older among: those whom I am now ad
dressinj,- have been engaged in doinp the great
typical work of oar people. Save only the
pree«rratioa <rf ths Union ltselj no other task
has beec so important as the conquest and
e«tt]e*n«at of the West. This conquest and
rettlemest has been the stupendous feat of
our rao« for th« century that has Just closed.
It stands supreme among all such feats. The
tsme kind at thing has been done In Australia.
£nd Canada, but upon a less Important ecale;
¦while the Russian advance In Siberia has been
Ten Thousand People Give
Hearty Welcome to
Vice President
Colorado.
ring Address at
Roosevelt Delivers Stir-
--the "Workmen.
Holding Out Against
Steel Combine Is Firmly
Warm "Words From the
Superior Bench in
Los Angeles.
SIGNS O F PEACE
GROWING DIMMER
SINGS PRAISES
OF WESTER N MEN
RAILROAD HIRES
HELP IN KANSAS'
HOSTS OF MERRYMAKING NATIVES
WILL GATHER IF HE GARDEN CITY
Elaborate Preparations to Be' JVIade for^tie Reception of
v ; Thousands of Visitors if||
First :Ariniv^r|ary' of the Admission of ; the State
JUDGE SCORES
SUPREME COURT
THE "SAJiT; FRANCISCO ..CALL, ¦ SATTJRDA^. : jAUGp;ST,t;j3, 1901. .'¦
3
: ; SEATTLE, Aug. 2.— The United ; States
Lighthouse -tender ¦ - Ma"hzanllla,~ - Captain
Gregory, J arrived to-night * f rom . a •> three
•weeks' buoy work t cruise in the waters
qf; Southeastern < Alaska. voyage ; ex
tended as farito, the .north .as. Sitka. : ¦- Va
rious I old £ buoys Iwere •' removed « and -, new
ones-; submitted 7 and - general "lighthouse
.work 'was dene. - -."-. , /
Weak Men and Women
CHOCLD CEE DAMUNA BITTERS* .THE
.W treat Mexican remedy; elves - health and
• txerj-th to eexuaj orjrar.s. Depot. ZH Market.
positive preventive ' of hay fever will be
received with skepticism by the thousands
who have found the only relief every year
¦was a change of climate during- the sum-
mer months.
But whether skeptical or not it will cost
rothing to investigate this new treatment
Eimply send name and tiddress on a postal
card to F. A. Stuart Co.. Marshall, Mich.,
for the booklet, which besides describing
the treatment contains a concise' treatise
(en the cause and character of this pecu-
liar disease.
thfre is a new, simple. Inexpensive but
effective home treatment for this obsti-
nate and baffling disease, and that a little
booklet fully describing the treatment
will be mailed f re« to any one by address-
ing the F, A. Stuart Co.. Marshall. Mich.
Doubtless this statement of a' cure and
AUVEETISEHENTS.
OF SPECIAL INTEREST
To Hay Fever Sufferers.,
S-uffcrens from hay: fever and summer
catarrh will be' interested to learn that
ADVEBTISEKIENTS.
Is doubtless the- highest human good.
It is especially so to women, to whom it
means the preservation of beauty, hap-
piness in the home, and the enjoyment
of social duties. There can be no good
health, for any tt ...^^.. > ... t ,....
woman who suf- 2:£jiSi& S3£^93SERE@f£*
heals inflamina- ¦', ** *****"**»"* —
tion .and ulceration, and cores female
-weakness. 'It gives good health to
women, which means tranquil nerves, a
good appetite and sound sleep.
"I was- a great sufferer two years igo with
female trouble and I wrote to you for advice."
says Mrs. Mattie Hays, of Tribulation, McDonald
Co., Missouri. - ."You outlined a course of treat-
ment for me. I followed your, directions, and
now - feel like a different person. I never
' expected to hear from you when I wrote to you.
In three davs after I commenced talcing your
medicines I began to feel better. * I took twenty
! dollars' ¦ worth of the * Favorite Prescription "
and 'Golden Medical Discovery.' I bought it
five dollars' worth at a time, and also four vials
of Dr. Pierce's Pellets. I would not take one
thousand dollars for the good the medicine has
done me. * I can't praise it enough. I wish aSl
who suffer with such troubles would give Dr.
Pierce's medicines a fair trial. I can work all
day — doing anything, walk where I please, and
feel good. Many thanks to you for your kind
advice." - '
Dr. Pierce's Medical Adviser, in paper
covers, is sent free on receipt of 21 one-
cent stamps to pay expense of mailing
only. Address Dr. R. V. Pierce, ?Buf-
falo, N. Y. _
DR.MEYERS&CO.
Specialist. Disease y§s§2l!Ji? / '
and weakness of »|w?^ " p
men. Established S^ _j|W > i!T~
1SS1. Consultation fN*S *T&Vi&[
: and ; private book '" » V
free, at ofilce or by *^3^ --" •^^BSvi
ar-teed. 731 Mar- j^^SKf^W
tor * entrance), San
[mm
i ?his Great Train
1 AMD runs but twice
§1 per week during
IHORSD11;"T
h TtlC Leaving at 9 am. :
I - E ittrrivWlB
1 niiirnnuu Chlc *fl°* t215
I CUIFQRHIi :;;~
i LI nil I Lll its hlfiH standard
1 ot service Is
1 ON fally maintained. -
Of j
/ST. LOUIS, Aug.' 2.— Fire in the yards
of the Boeckelder Lumber.. Company this
afternoon destroyed, property valued? at
150.000. : -¦¦¦¦ "¦-;.", "". -; ,. : ' ¦ - - ¦ .
Lumber Yards Destroyed by, Fire.
Valuable, Plants Destroyed- by! Fire.
CHICAGO, Aug.- 2.— Fire in Hammond.
Ind., destroyed the plants. of the Simplex
Railway Appliance Company,. the Western
Rawhide Tanning Company and the Ham
mond Bueey ComDany. ,-Loss JlS).D0O. •
PONTA : DEL I GADO, Azores j Island,
Aug. 2.— Sir Thomas Upton's steam yacht
Erin, >¦ which arrived here yesterday, with
the Shamrock II, , has coaled and left for
New York,. towing the. cup^ challenger. A
favorable southeast wind.' was blowing.
The vessels expect to arrive at , New York
AusustlL . ¦•-;>. ;.,•
Shamrock II En Route.
ST." PETERSBURG,' Aug. -2.— Mr. Van
derhoven,' secretary of the Transvaal Le
gation in Brussels, is now in St. Peters
burg to attend a wedding; after which he
will-visit his mother, who is. a Russian
He declares that his Journey has no politi
cal significance, despite the reports that
Kruger and ; Dr. Leyds are coming here.
Secretary of Transvaal Legation.
gelding, Thorpe up, won the race for an
all-aged selling .plate at the Goodwood
race meeting" to-day. Lilly Palmer, Clem
Jenkins up, was second, and KJlmantie
third., < . -. '.
The Hortensa ¦ filly. J. H. Martin up,
won the Molecomb stakes; Stalwyne was
second, %.nd W. C. Whitney's Abeyance
filly. Lester Reiff up, was third.
Veritable. C. Jenkins up. won the race
for a two-year-old selling plate. Tread
mill, Lester Reiff -up, was -second, and
Leather Fire v'as third. —
LONDON., Aug. 2— The Barbary Maid
American Boys in the Van.
T. Serres and J. Gllpln vs. E. "White and J.
Regli; W. H, Sleberst and P. • Ryan- vs. G. B.
Hayward and W. ¦ Fisher; D. J. Sheehan and
W. H. Kedlan vs. J. R. Bockman and K. IJc-
Donough; A. McVicker and T. Leach vb. J.'
Condon and T. Lydon; T. Foley and D. Regan
ys. E. Barry and J. Klrby; M.' Dillon and G.
Hutchinson vs.-E. Maloney and W. Kelly;. W.
Williams and'D. Connelly vs. J. Lawless and
C. Lakln: W. Walsh and J. Killian vs. M.
Levy and A. Jacoby: J. White and R. Murphy
vs.'J. Collins and-E. Curley. . ,;
At the San Francisco handball court" on
Sunday ' the .- following. ¦ games will ' be
played: ; ' .
Handball Games.
CHICAGO, Aug. 2.— The. Cadillac of De
troit has been officially selected to defend
the ' Canada's cup ! aga'nst ,the ' Canadian
challenger Invader. The decision was
reached to-day : by the Judges after the
Cadillac had won another decisive victory
over the Milwaukee, beating her over a
triangular, course of twenty-one miles by
about eleven minutes, with ; the wind
blowing at twenty-five; miles from the
north and northeast.'- .The first race,be
tween the Invader. arid the; Cadillac will
be sailed August 10, weather , permitting.
Cadillac Is Selected.
COLORADO SPRINGS,"' Colo.,' Aug. 2.—
The Roosevelt Rough Riders' Association,
which is holding Its reunion here, elected
the following ' officers to-night: ' Captain
Frederick Muller. of Santa Fe., N. Mex.,
president; : Lieutenant Dave Leahy of
Raton, • N. Mex., first vice president;
Quartermaster Sergeant King • Henley of
.Winslow.-Ariz.. second vice-, president*
Captain "W. E. Dame of Cerrillos, N. Mex.,
secretary and treasurer.
Hough, Riders Elect Officers.
DENVER, Aug. 2.— The jury, in the case
Of W.W. Anderson, charged with the
shooting of H..'H. Tammen and F. G.
Bonfllie, proprietors of the -Evening Post,
after hearing the testimony for six and
a half days to-night reported its inability
to agree upon a verdict' and was dis
charged by Juc'ge Mullins. The shooting
occurred January 13, 1900. This'; was the
second trial, the other having ended in a
disagreement. The third '. trial has been
set for August 28. -
For Shooting Publishers.
MILWAUKEE, Aug. 2.-P. J. Tormey
of San Francisco was to-day elected presi
dent of the American "Whist League with
out opposition. Other officers elected are;
Vice president, R. H. Weams of Brook
lyn; secretary, Henry M. Try of Chicago;
treasurer, John T. Mitchell of Chicago.
J. C. Cummings of Des Moines, Iowa, was
elected a director. | ,¦ • -
It was decided to-day that a member
cannot represent more than one club be
tween congresses in play, for the American
Whist League challenge trophy.' The place
for the new congress to meet will be de
cided by the executive committee. At-,
lantic City, Saratoga, Niagara, Toronto
and San Francisco are mentioned as can
didates;
League.
P. J. Tormey la Elected President of
-•". the American Whist
SAN FRANCISCO WHIST ,
PLAYEB IS HONORED
Trick "and fancy springboard ; diving — H.
Duran, J. Armacost, P. Louis, H. Wilson, ' C;
Jacobs. J. Sawyer, W. Carman, J. Stelljes,
W. Gorman, W. Carmody, H. Fowler,' R. Selt
zer, R. Hall, W. Guine, H. Leicken, J. Muller.
T. McKillop. Ew , Winfleld. \W. Carroll. L. Car
mody. • . V
Fifty-yard dash. Juveniles— K. Clough, J.
Morris, F. Berges, R. . Leonard, C. Augustus,
L. Cornell, J. Sundtjerg, C. McCarthy,. C:
Leary, C. Simpson, C. Condon, T. Berges, ' G.
Caul field, T. Baker. W. Connors, O. Mlzner,
C. James, C. ; Schultz. K. Neal, W. Baum, J.
Lillle, C. James, H. McKenzie, H. Heinze,
J. Sherry, J. Terry, C. Mason, W. Bush,. W-
Stockton. C. Wryst, D. Chase, F. ' Paine:
Under- water swimming contest, free -for. all—
C. Butterworth, E. Woods, O. .Meyers, E. Mc-
Clure, O. Lowenthal,'' P. Lockwood, G. Ander
son, . P. McDermid, J. A. Jackson, E.KIpp;
M. Roche, J. Erasmy, H. McManus, D. Mackel,
H. Pfuhl; S. Finnlgan, B.: Ferrlll, W. Cook,
H. Leicken. H. Cross, R. Grundy,' J. O'Brien,
C. Wryet. W. Chalmers. .¦ ' , ¦
100-yard race, amateurs — C. ¦ Schultz. J.
Stelljes, W. Haywoodf, C. .. Donovan,^ . H.
Dougherty, C. Harnes, W. Gilbert,' H.' : Rogers,
H Mitchell, W. Fisher, E, Peters, J. Bevina,
L. Baudain," F. Irving. S. Clayton, F.' Oyen,
T. Wolfe. R. Riding, A. Hay. C. Hanlon.
- At the Sutro baths on Sunday the fol
lowing contests will be held:
Swimming at -Sutro's.
BOSTON, Aug. 2.— Boston defeated Brooklyn
to-day by superior all-round work. Attendance
2500. Score : '
Clubs- - R- H. - E.
Boston 4 g .
Brooklyn l 6 3
Batteries— Pittlnger and Kittredge: Huehps
and Farrell. Umpire— Dwyer. - Rnes .
NEW. TORK, Aug. 2.— New York won from
Philadelphia to-day by timely batting. Attend
ance, 4100. Score: 4
Clubs^- r. H . E .
Philadelphia ....,....."..... 3 9 <
New York 5 jq 3
• Batteries-Donahue and Jacklitsch; Taylor
and Warner. Umpire— Emelie. • ~ r
¦wonderful game to-day, shutting the • home
team out with only one scratch hit Attend
ance, 1000. Score:
Clubs— R. , : h. E
Milwaukee 0 1 . c
Cleveland 7 ¦ 12 q
Batteries— Hustlng and Donahue; Dowline
and Connor. :-t •.,¦»>? , < : "-
BALTIMORE. Aug. 2.-The Baltlmores won a
close and exciting game from Washington to
day. Attendance. 1193. Score: • ,
aubs- v ¦•"-¦•.¦. ,; r. & Uk-
Baltimore. 5 u «
Washington'. .4 . .7 ; J
Batteries— Nops and Bresnehan; Carrlck and
national" league.
PHILADELPHIA, Aug. 2.— Hard .hitting by
Boston, coupled with wretched fielding on the
part of the home team, enabled the visitors
to administer a bad defeat to the Philadel
phia team to-day. Attendance, 2700.. Score:
Clubs— .. -:'^~- R- H. E.
Boston 16 22 1
Philadelphia 0 7 g
Batteries— Young and Schreck; Bernard and
Powers.
CHICAGO, Aug. 2 — Chicago administered a
third coat of whitewash to Detroit to-day in
a game of clean hitting and sharp fielding
Attendance, 2500. Score:
Clubs— R. H. . E.
Chicago 7. '. 9 0
Detroit 0 0 ' 0
Batteries— Patterson and Sullivan; Sievers
and Buelow.
MILWAUKEE, Aug. 2.— Dowllng pitched a
AMERICAN LEAGUE.
Eastern Baseball.
•SAN JUAN, P. R., Aug. 2.— Professor
Riddle of ' the San . Juftn Normal School,
who has been sojourning in South Amer
ica in the interests of the United States
Fish Commission, has arrived here from
"Venezuela. He tells a story of imprison
ment. While ascending the Orinoco, ac
companied by an asphalt official, his
launch was held up at Tukupit by a small
"Venezuelan gunboat, the General Her
nandez, Which made prisoners of the pas
sengers and crew of the launch. They
were held in custody at Ciudad Bolivar
for six days and were then released.
Ciudad Bolivar.
Held in Custody Six Days at
Taken Prisoner by Venezuelans and
UNPLEASANT EXPERIENCE
OF PROFESSOR RIDDLE
Li Hung Chang, who was taken with
sudden indisposition. yesterday, called in a
foreign doctor to consult with his personal
medical adviser. The malady proves to be
a temporary attack, such as he has fre
quently suffered from during the last
twelve montha. To-day he seemed to have
recovered. -.-. \A -¦,
PEKING, Aug. 2.— The protocol commit
tee . of :, the Ministers of the powers ha3
virtually finished the draft and submitted
the same for approval to the Ministers.
All questions will be signed -in the course
of a few days unless there should be
some disagreement as to the phraseology
resembling the discussion that arose over
the word '.'irrevocable" in the early stages
of the negotiations. Should such a hitch
occur the signing may be indefinitely de
layed. . '¦ ¦ -;¦•¦• .
BERLIN, Aug. 2.— A dispatch received
to-day from Peking says the foreign Min
isters have 'Sanctioned the marching in of
a division of 3000 Chinese regular troops
to a place situated a few 11 from Peking
about August 8, preparatory to the evac
uation of the Chinese capital by the al
lied troops on August 5.
Abel D. Osman resigned the secretary
ship of the company to-day. Phillips was
undaunted by the action of the secretary.
He took over all of Osman' 9 stock him
self and Is now secretary as well as gen
eral manager. >, "
The firm paid out over $20,000 to-day to
brokers for current trades, but will not
settle with any customers till after tfie
examination of the ledgers Is \ completed.
His faith in the loyalty of his clients
is unshaken and even carries him to the
point where he believes that 90 per cent
of those who are found by examination
of the books to have been overpaid as a
result of the May deal will gladly refund
the balance due him. The total amount
of this over-payment is estimated to be
a little under $250,000. The d'eposed "Corn
King" says that there is no legal process
by •which these people can be made to
refund the money, but he Is confluent
that nearly all of them 'will do so as boon
as they understand the circumstances.
For his own part he promises to pay
every cent of customers' credits the mo
ment he ascertains what they are.
CHICAGO, Aug. 2.— George H. Phillips
will issue a circular to-morrow addressed
to the customers of his firm, announcing
that he will be able to resume active op
erations on the Board of Trade by next
Tuesday or Wednesday at the latest.
possibly on Monday. The statement will
also promise patrons of the company that
before any new trades are made a com
plete and satisfactory summary of what
his books show will be given to the pub
lic. '¦ ,
Phillips asserts that the experts' exam
ination of the firm's books make it cer
tain that the worst has been told and
that the firm is not a loser to a larger ex
tent than $300,000. '
Already Lawton has 400 temporary busi
ness houses, including a grocery firm and
a newspaper. Three streets have been
laid out. A national bank has been pro
jected. Every form of gambling known
on the frontier is being dealt wide open,
side by side with fake shows of various
descriptions, and to add to the scenes
Comanche Indians have pitched their tents
near by. The Indians await their last
payment for grass, $120,000 In the'aggre
gate, which is due them under the old
contract. Hundreds of persons have pro
cured Government licenses to sell liquors,
but it will take two weeks of routine
In following out the laws of the tribe be
fore they can open their places. In the
meantime. Lawton will be dry.
The Chicago, Rock Island and Pacific
Railroad is pushing the construction on
Its extension into Lawton, and expects
to have passenger and freight trains run
ning into the town by September. •
The Republicans held a mass meeting
last night and decided' to run a municipal
ticket, and the Democrats are active.
The two most valuable claims in the new
country adjoin Lawton, and Woods and
Miss Mattle Beals, the first winners in this i
district, are expected to file on them. The
claims are valued at between $25,000 and
$40,000 each. . . :
FORT SILL, O. T., Aug. 2.— A town of
10,000 people, to be known as Lawton, has
grown up just outside the fort limits
within a night. Following the close of the
land lottery at El Reno, thousands of
homeseekers who drew blanks started for
the three points picked out by the Federal
Governments for townsites in the country,
namely, Anadarko, Hobart and Lawton.
A majority of the people favored Lawton,
which Is twenty-five miles inland, and to
night thousands are camped in and about
the proposed site, waiting the sale of lots
on August 6.
Chinese Division on the
Way to the Imperial
Capital.
Books of His Firm Show
That Many Accounts
"Were Overpaid.
Disappointed Homeseek
ers Pitch Their Tents
About Lawton.
SACRAMENTO, Aug. 2.— There was not
a breath of air blowing at the track to
day and the hot wave made itself felt in
the attendance. However, this hot spell
has worked wonders with many old-time
trotters and pacers and caused them to
loosen their joints and move faster than
they have for years.
The judges to-day were Thomas Bonner,-
A. C. Gurnett and Professor E. P. Heald.
The timers were William Murray, Charles
Durfee and George Gray.
There were no sensational features as
the favorites won all the events. The
fastest record of the meeting, 2:10*4, wa3
made by Myrtha "Whips in the free-for-all
pace. The first event was a trial against
time. The Gossiper mare, Lady Fair,
started to beat 2:31, but she just man
aged to get a mark of 2:30. The free-for
all pace had three starters — Kelly Briggs,
Edna R and Osito. Kelly Briggs was the
favorite. In the first heat Edna R broke
at the eighth pole, caught her stride
again, but it was too late, for Kelly
Briggs won by a length from Myrtha
Whips in 2:12^4, Edna R hopelessly dis
tanced. Myrtha Whips captured the next,
heat in 2:10&, defeating Kelly Briggs by
& neck.
In the 2:14 class trotting race, which fol
lowed, there were six entries— Richmond
Chief, Osito, Ned Thorne. Auzella. Boy
dello and Nora McKinney- Auzella was
made favorite, while the rest sold at from
$4 to $6 to $1 in the books After several
ineffectual attempts to get off on even
terms Starter Cohen sent them away. Ised
Thorne took the lead, with Richmond
Chief and Nora McKinney close up. The
favorite was two lengths further behind,
while Osito broke into a run at the quar
ter pole and before catching his stride lost
all chances of being a contestant. At the
half Nora McKinney broke and fell back.
Auzella came up with a rush and passed
her and Richmond Chief and set sail for
Ned Thorne. They trotted head and head
to the wire, but the former won by a apse
in the excellent time of 2:11%.
•Auzella was favorite for the next heat
again, and the way she" led the procession
from "end to end" was disheartening to
those who backed Ned Thorne. It seemed
as if the preceding heat had taken all the
speed away from them, for this was won
in 2:16%. Bunch made one of his sensa
tional homestretch > drives and got the
place from Ned Thorne oy a length, while
Auzella was five lenghts in advance, i The
bookies held out Auzella for the next heat,
but offered }12 on Richmond Chief. $3 on
Ned Thorne, $15 on Boydello and $8 on
Nora McKinney. Auzella had no trouble
in capturing this heat, for she outclassed
all her rivals. .Ned Thorne passed Nora
McKinney, who was second, and in the
homestretch tried , to , pass Auzella, who
easily outfooted him to the wire— time 2:16,
Richmond Chief and Boydello just saving
their distance. Auzella won the next heat
and race In a jog in 2:23%.
The last race of the day was for the
Golden Gate stakes. The starters were: A.
Joseph's Durfee Me, J. O'Kane's Sandow
D. R. Misner's Sable Le Grande and D
Roberts' Al Gregor. , The last named was
a favorite. He lost the first heat, how
ever, Sandow winning in 2:10%, Durfee Me
almost at his throat latch, while Al
Gregor was a length further away In
the three succeeding heats Al Gregor won
all driven out in 2:18%. 2:21% and 2:19
• The best - race of the week will -take
place to-morrow. It Is for the 2:17 clasa
pacers, and a number of patrons /at good
racing arrived from San Francisco and
adjacent cities to-night. a
SUMMARY.
Race against 2:31, trotting— Lady Fair h»
Gossiper (Simpson). Time. 2:30. - - - ' " ,
Free-for-all pace: Bleiill
Kelly Briggs. by Bay's Water (Hoy).. 12 11
Myrtha Whips (Helman) 2 19 \
Edna R (Mulholland)..... '"' dlat
Time. 2:12Vi. 2:10%. 2:13»4. HiiVi..
Trotting. 2:14 class, stake $1000 : ¦
Auzella, by Antrim (Kelly)..: » 1 , <
Ned Thorne (Helman)...... ' i J J I
Nora McKinney (Bunch)..:..!"'""" i %\{
Boydello (Lafferty) •••.-.. *|*ja 4
Richmond i Chief (Maben) " a V % -
Oslta (Mulholland) [-'""tttJl
;.\ /Time, 2:ll«.-2:16H.-.2:16, V 2:23?i.
' ic?n d '° GatS Drivlns C1 ? lb "take, trotting and
Al Gregor by Steinway (Roberts)..... 3 l l l
Sandow, CO' Kane) .......... * i-i"£>i
Durfee^ Me (Josephs) .' ,""""" 2 ill
Sable Le Grand (Misner) 44 4 »
Eden Vale (Jacobs) - dist
Tim*. 2:19%. 2:isii. 2:211*. '2:19.
Past Time Is Made, but
; the Attendance Is
Small.
Entries for the second division— C K. Har
ley's Queen Dance and Carmeneita, W. F
Foster's Lillian Sage and Village Belle. Robert
Armstrong's Golden Spatter. "Woodlawn Ken
nels' Lees and "Feet and G. J. M. E. D'Aquln's
Aldon Kitty. • .'..:,
E. Courtney Ford's Eclipse Blanche. " J. B
Martin enters Woodlawn Kennels' Dottle w'
F. Foster's Lillian Bage and Dr. C. E. 'Tur
ner's -Nuisance.
Philip C. Meyer, the proprietor of the
Glen wood Kennels at San Mateo, is the
«wner of a fine litter of Champion-Havoc
pups. Mr. Meyer will probably have the
largest individual exhibit at Oakland
A regular meeting of the Pacific FOx
Terrier Club was held Monday evening
last at 41 Sutter street, N. H. Hickman
in the chair, and Messrs. Ford. Moore
D'Aquin and Martin present. John "W
Mitchell of Los Angeles, an enthusiastic
fancier, who has been connected with the
breed for fifteen years, was elected a
member.
Entries for the first division of the
Produce Stakes for 1902, to be competed at
the San Francisco Kennel Club show
were received as follows:
The Oakland show will be held by the
Alameda County Poultry Association, and
John Bradshaw will be the manager and
superintendent. Inquiries addressed to
him at the "Woodlawn Kennels, corner of
Geary street and Central avenue, will re
ceive prompt attention. The judges se
lected so far for this show are Normaji
Stewart for collies, P. E. Miller for cock
ers, Charles Harker for St. Bernards and
mastiffs and James J. Lynn for all ter
riers. The show will be held under the
American Kennel Club rules, and the win
ners* classes will probably have the same
value as Los Angeles, as the number of
entries will be at least fully as large.
Fred Lueck of Sacramento has had the
misfortune to lose his noted St. Bernard
bitch Beauty by death. Beauty was well
known on the bench, where she has won
many prizes.
Mr. Albert Joseph, the enthusiastic
bull terrier breeder, has recently added
to his kennels the Boston terrier bitch
Lady Montez, by Champion Spider out of
Lizzie.
The Los Angeles show will be! given by
the Sixth Agricultural Association, in con
nection with the fair, and will be under
the rules of the American Kennel Club.
It is probable that the winners classes
will count three points, as there will un
doubtedly be over 250 dogs entered. The
superintendent" is David J. : Sinclair, . to
whom all inquiries should be addressed at
624 Market street Charles Sumner will
Judge fox terriers and. L. A. Klein, the
Eastern -expert, will pass on most. of the
other breeds. . ' '
An altogether unusual amount. of inter
est is being manifested . among the , dog
fanciers at this time of year, and the rea
son for It Is that two shows are to be held
this fall, one in Los Angeles in. October
and the other In Oakland in December.
First- race, four 'and a half furlongs—TJnder
irrowth won. M. J'. Schelly second, Abbyleir L
third. Time, :56»4.
Second race, five furlongs— Flourish vron.
Tufts 6econd,/ Clear Sky third. Time. 1:04.
Third race, mile and twenty yards— Barney
F won. The Buffoon second, St. Germain third.
Time, 1:46%.
Fourth race, seven furlongs— El Mido won.
Lee Metford second, Devereaux third. Time,
1:32%.
Fifth race, five and a ha"lf furlongs— Virgie
<3'Or won, Decapo second. Miss Remson third.
Time, 1:09.
Sixth race, mile and an 'eighth, four hurdles
— Gus I won. Rainier second, Joe Bell third.
Time. 2:10.
NEW TORK, Aug. 2.— Brighton Beach re
eults:
First race, steeplechase, about two and a half
miles— Mystic Shriner won, Isen second, Decam.
cron third. Time, 5:19 1-5. -
Second race, five and a half furlongs — Locket
won, Odawaha second, Cast Iron third. Time,
1:08 1-5.
ThirdXr&ee. mile and seventy yards— Monarka
won. Candle second, Lucent third. Time,
1:4* 3-6.
Fourth race, mile and a. sixteenth — Ethics
¦won. The Amazon second. Himself third. Time.
1:46 3-5.
Fifth race, selling, six furlongs— Goldilia.
won. Hard Shell second, Dr. Korber third.
Time, 1:15 3-5.
Sixth -race, selling, mile and an eighth — In
trusive won, McGrathiana Prince second. Fa
talist third. Time, 1:53 3-5.
CHICAGO. Aug. !.— Hawthorne summary:
First race, five and a half furlongs — Harry
Wilson won, Kullen second, Huzzar third.
Time. 1:10.
Second race, seven furlongs, selling— Silurian
won. Whitfield second, Illllouon third. Time,
1:28%.
Third race, mile and seventy yards — Delo
raine won. Hermencla second, Chauncey Fish
er third. Time, 1:47%.
Fourth race, mi'e and a sixteenth, selling—
Obia won. Robert Waddell second, Malay third.
Time, 1:46%.
Fifth race, six furlongs, selling — Magi -won,
Doreen second. Lord Quex third. Time, 1:15%.
Sixthirace. mile and seventy yards. selling-
Tammany Chief won, Constellator second. Pi
rate's Queen third. Time. 1:46%.
ST. LOUIS, Aug. 2. — Delmar Park summary:
First race, mile and seventy yards, selling —
Land Ho won, Quannah Parker second. Innu
endo third. Time, 1:48%.
Second rac^, five furlongs — W. L. George won.
Lillian M second, Tennie F third. .Time, 1:04.
Third race, one mile, selling — Menace won,
Zonne second, Ladas third. Time, 1:42%.
Fourth race, seven furlongs, selling— Guide
Rock won. Tickful second. Meddlesome third.
Time. 1:29. • •
Fifth race, mile and seventy yards, selling
— Frank Pearce second, Benham second, Zazel
third. Time, 1:48.
Sixth race, seven furlongs, selling— Nearest
won. Four Leaf C second. Revoke third. Time,
1:28%. .>•¦•"•; »"i
DETROIT. Aug. 2.— Windsor results:
First race, six furlongs— -Ecome ¦won,- Lady
, Kent second, Mr. Pomeroy third. Time, 1:14.
Second race, four and a half furlongs, sell
ing—Ernest Parham won. Sly Maid second,
Drummond third. Time. :55%.
Third race, mile and seventy yards. selling-
Ceylon won.. Pacemaker second. Princess Eve
lyn third. Time. 1:15%.
Fourth race, one mile— San Andres won, Irish
Jewel second, MeWilliams third. Time. 1:41U.
Fifth race, mile and an eighth, selling—Os
man won, Louisville Belle second, Martha
Street third. Time. 1:55^4.
Sixth race, seven furlongs, selling— B. G. Fox'
won Little Laird second. Charley Payne third.
Time, 1:28/
.BUFFALO. Aug. 2.— Fort Erie results:
First - race, seven furlongs, selling — Racebud
won, Tamarin second, Little Allle third. Time,
1:28.. • • •
Second race, four end a half furlongs—Wau
nit& won; Cousine second, Maratrisa third!
Time. -.55%. .
Third race,' elx furlongs— Snark won, Llllie
Hammerton second, Litchlcum third. Time,
1:14. ' ' ' . . ' . ' '
Fourth race. . seven furlongs, selling— Mona B
•won Free Lance second, Ahamo third. Time,
1:28%. ¦¦••¦¦ . -.- ¦ -.-.. .
Fifth race, mile and a' sixteenth, selling-
Montreal won. Filibuster second, Kaislo third.
Time. 1:47%. , '..,,v •>>.
Sixth race. p!x and a half furlongs— Ode
Brooks won. Magnetic second. Violent third.
Time. 1.-21X. ¦
BUTTE, Mont., Aug. 2.— El *MIdo and
Lee Metford finished practically together
In the seven furlong race to-day. Many
thought Lee Metford had the best of it,
but the judges gave El Mido the decision.
For ten minutes those who had bet on
Metford, and many who had not bet at
all, made such threatening demonstrations
against the judges that it looked as
though the officers of the law would be
unable to prevent violence. Finally quiet
was restored. Summary:
REGULAR TROOPS
ARE RETURNING
by the Corinthians and once by the San
Franciscos. The last named club won it
with a boat designed by Matthew Turner
of Benicia and of a type very similar to
this year's challenger. Indeed, both the
Gadder and the Helen, though falling
within the letter of the definition of
"cabin yachts," are nearer to being mere
racing machines than any other craft on
the bay, with the sole exception of the fin
keel sloop Spider, imported from Hong
kong under the name of Doris II.
THRIVING TOWN
GROWS IN A DAY
smooth water, it is doubtful whether she
will prove so speedy in rough water. As
the race will take place in the channel,
the breeze is likely to be stiff and the
water pretty rough. Frank Stone, too, is
thoroughly familiar with the eddies and
currents that cut an important figure in a
channel race. A special element of inter
est attaches to the race in the fact that
both the challenger and the defender will
be sailed by the men who designed, built
and own them. • . ¦
KING PHILLIPS
LOSES HEAVILY
Though the challenger Helen undoubt
edly is very fast in a moderate breeze and
Young and Carl Westerfeld and Commo
dore H. D. Hawks was appointed by the
Corinthian Club to prepare Presto for
the race. Two of these wished to remove
her inside ballast and put the weight on
a fin keel, but as the third thought it
wisest to leave her as she is the commit
tee yielded. The boat was then turned
over to her owner, Frank Stone, who will
make such alterations as he thinks fit.
Kennel Club Events Will
Occur in Los Angeles
and Oakland.
Close Decision on Butte
Track Raises a
Storm.
SWIFT SLOOP PRESTO, WHICH, STEERED BY HER OWNER. FRANK STONE, AND SAILED BY A CREW OF
EXPERT AMATEURS, HAS BEEN SELECTED TO PREVENT THE CHALLENGE CUP FROM BEING CAR
RIED OUT OF MARIN COUNTY BY THE BENICIA BOYS
BENCH SHOWS
WILL BE HELD
¦-...•'.-¦¦. ; -•¦ . ¦ ¦ »
Since its establishment in 1895 the per
petual challenge cup has been won twici
by the first holders, the Encinals, twio
Second race, 2:11 class, pacing, purse $2000—
Harold H won three straight heats in 2:0Stf.
2:08U. 2:10. Major Marshall. Billy H. Pussy
Willow. Charles Dewey. Reg-on and Garnetta
also started.
The two other great events of the clos
ing day of the Grand Circuit meeting at
this track were also marked by fast time.
Summary:
First race, 2:18 class, pace, purse $2000— C. F.
W. won fourth, nfth and sixth heats in 2:1<H4,
1:13. 2:12V4. John R. Potts won first and sec
ond heat In 2:11U, 2:12. Captain Potter won
the third heat in 2:11U. Samaiitana, Joan.
Legal Hal and Be Sure Jr. also started. !
Cresceus was not' unduly fatigued by
his effort, and half an hour later seemed
ready for another mile.
Enthusiasm broke loose as soon as the
horse had passed the wire. The crowd
rushed on to the track to greet the cham
pion, and a huge wreath of flowers was
hung round his . neck. ' Mr. Ketcham,
owner and driver, was carried to the
judges' stand and jailed on for a speech.
In a few words he expressed his appre
ciation of the Interest taken in the at
tempt, his trust in ¦ Ohio horses and his
confidence in his own great. trotter. '
thirty. Now the wind ¦ was at his back,
and realizing the advantage, Ketcham
kept him at a great clip. The half-mile
pole was reached in 69% seconds, a record
never before- attained, and here It was
that the second runner caught him up.
Into the far turn and around it, the
great stallion thundered, his mighty mus
cles and machine-like stride carrying him
as if on wings. The ' three-quarter pole
was reached and passed in the wonderful
time of 1:3014.
Then came the trial, for when Cresceus
turned into the stretch the bitter «.wind
beat him in the face and held hini by
force. For the fraction of a second he
seemed to falter, but his driver's voice
was in his ears, and on he came. With
great courage he plunged in toward the
finish with weakened stride, and In spite
of the buffeting of the breeze, flashed
under the wire a winner against time. But
for the wind against, which Cresceus
struggled it is believed this time would
have been a second faster. ; It was ¦ the
most wonderful mile' ever trotted on^any
track.
HOT SPELL FOR
THE TROTTERS
Runs responsible for — Iburg 2. Two-base hit —
San Francisco 0 10 0 0 10 0 0—2
Base hits 02100110 0— 5
Oakland ; 00010002 •— 3
Base hits 1 1 0 1 0 1 1 3 •— 8
SUMMARY.
Totals 31 3 8 5 27 15 3
RUNS 'AND HITS BY INNINGS.
AB. R. BH. SE PO. A. E.
Drennan, cf 4 0 0 0 2 0 0
Lohman. o 4 110 3 2 0
Streib, lb 4 1 2 0 11 0 0
Eagan. 3b 3 0 1 0* 4 6 1
Dunleavy, II 4 1 1 4 1 0 0
Francks, ss 3 0 0 0 3 2 0
Arrellanes. 2b 4 0 3 112 2
Babbitt, rf 2 0 0 0 2 0 0
Moskiman, p 3 0 0 0 0 3 0
OAKLAND.
Totals .'..32 2 5 3 24 15 3
•' AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. B.
Croll, cf 3 0 0. 0 .3 0 0
Hildebrand, If 4 0 2 0, 2 l-,0
Schwartz. 2b & c... 4 0 0 0 4 3 1
Pabst, lb 4 1 2 0*900
Krug, ss & rf....... 4 1 1 ' 0 1 3 2
Nordyke, rf. 2b & ss 4 0 0 0 0 2 0
Reilly. 3b 4 0 0 10 4 0
Graham, c 0 0 0 12 0 0
Iburg, p 3 0 0 112 0.
Sullivan, c 2 0 0 0 2 0 0
SAN . FRANCISCO. J
Graham's retirement brought Jimmie
Sullivan into the game and he will In all
probability be seen back of the, plate for
Frisco while the "busted" finger knits.
Tne score :• ¦¦ . . . ,j< v i
The situation was well In local hands
until the eighth inning. Hildebrand had
made himself famous by a startling right
hand catch in left field and the absent
Henry s own were smiling over the spoils
of Dudes. Then there came an inning
that was like pink lemonade to Mother
Lohman, whose ' eyes were ever on the
score board, which told a tale of 2 to 1
in favor of the enemy. Pete took the
stick and earned a single and ' was soon
safe "on second ¦ when Streib bunted one
of those mean safe short ones. A sacri
fice by Eagan advanced both runners and
when Dunleavy hit to center they both
tripped merrily over the rubber and the
game was won. - . -•- : , ; .;
departed from these dusty climes for
Catalina distress and disaster have befall
en the "Wasps. Defeat upon defeat Is se
rious enough to cause many misgivings,
but wait until he reads to-day's papers
and finds out that in the fourth Inning
Charlie Graham had his right thumb
broken and will not be able to don the big
mit for at least a month. This ought to
bring the dweller by the sea skating home
ward.
IF Henry Harris, who Is the uncle of
the local team, were a real wise man
he would come home and say a few
unkind things to his men. Since he
ANGRY BETTORS
THREATEN JUDGES
On the fifth score Ketcham nodded for
the word, but Cresceus was not In his
6tri<3e, and he pulled up at the first turn
to try It again. Down to the wire he
rushed, the runner two lengths behind,
and this time it was a go. Gamely facing
the breeze, the champion started on his
journey, moving with apparent ease and
at his greatest epeed. The runner caught
him at the quarter, and a sigh went up
from the breathless throng as the time
went up — a quarter of a second less than
More than 12,000 people went to the
Driving- Park to see the trial. It was a
brilliant assemblage, and intense enthu
easm for the horse was manfested. The
weather at noon was unpromising. The
sky was lowering and overcast, and a few
drops of rain fell, though not enough to
hurt the track, which was in excellent con
dition, or to keep the crowd away, but a
very strong wind was blowing from the
south.
About 2 o'clock the heavens cleared and
the sun came out warm and bright, but
the wind did not decrease in force. In the
overnight pool selling a great deal of
money went into the box at the odds of
$25 to $17 on time against the trotter. At
2 o'clock, owing to the fierce wind, the
odds against the great horse increased to
$25 to $8. but the backers of Cresceus were
game and took the short end as long as
pools were Bold.
Tim Murphy Rean. the .trainer, was
ready to accompany Cresceus with a run
ner, and Dan Lahoe waited at the half
mile pole to take him on from there.
2:02*4. reducing by. half a second
his week-old record of 2:02%, made at
Cleveland last Friday. The first half waa
trotted in :59?i. the first time that dis
tance has been covered in less than one
minute by a trotter. The time by quar
ters was :29%. :59%, 1:30^, 2:02&. A stiff
¦wind blowing up the stretch kept him
from stepping faster than 2:02.
COLUMBUS, Ohio, Aug. 2.—Cres
ceus, champion of the trotting
turf, added more laurels to his
fame to-day by trotting a mile in
Pabst. Sacrifice hlta-Kagan, Babbitt. First
base on errors-Ban Francisco 1, Oakland 2.
First base on called balls— San Francisco 4.
Oakland 1. Left on bases— San Francisco 7.
Oakland 7. Struck out— Iburg 2. Moskiman 3.
Double plays— Schwartz to Reilly to Schwarta.
HUdebrand to Sullivan. Time of jame-uns
hour and forty-five minutes. Umpire— Graves.
Official scorer— McFarlln.
I*os Angeles Wins.
LOS ANGELES, Aug. 2.— Los Angeles
won a listless game from Sacramento to
day. Thomas was responsible for hi3 own
defeat by inability to locate the plate and
lack of .effectiveness. Score:
LOS ANGELES.
AB. R. BH. SB. FO. A. E.
Brockhoff, r. f 5 2 2 0 10 0
Reltz, 2b....... 8 10 0 3 *>,,;«
Hutchlnson, lb 3 10 0 7 3 0
Householder, c. f.... 5 2 2 0 1 •W©
Bowman. 1. f 1 1 0 0 1.0-2
Kellly. 3b JJ 1 1 0 2 0 0
Spies, c 4. 1 2 0 8 • 0
Kelly, s. 9 3 02.0 3-3 0
Hale, p 3 0 1 0 2 0 J)
Totals 32 9 1» 0 27 S 2
.•:,-¦ ! SACRAMENTO. £.':="
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Devereaux. s. s 3 13 0 0, 4 1
McLaughlin. 1. X 4 -~ 0 1 0 :i 0 0
Courtney, 2b .4 0 0 0 ' -,tt 3
Doyle, r. f .....* 1 2 0 1 0 0
Hanlon, lb 4 ,. 0 0 0 11 0 0
Stanley, c , 4 00 ..0 4 10
Sheehan. 3b 3. 0. 0 0 2-2 0
McGucken, c. f 3 0 0 0.3 O • 0
Thomas, p 3 0 0 0 0 \ 3 0
Totals ......: 33 2 « 0 21 13 4
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Los Angeles 5 0 20 0 00 3 •— 9
Base hits.... 4 0 2 0 2 0 0 2 •— 10
Sacramento 1 00000010—2
Base hits 1 10001120—8
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible for— Thomas 7. Two-base
hits— Householder 2, Devereaux. Sacrifice hits —
Reitz, Hutchinson, Bowman. First base on
errors — Los Angeles 2, Sacramento 1. First
base on called balls— L>os Angeles 6, Sacramento
1. Left on bases— Los Angeles 9, Sacramento
4. Struck out— By Hale 8, by Thomas 3. Hit
by pitcher— Bowman. Double plays— Courtney
to Stanley to Sheehan; Hutchinson to Spies; ¦
Kelly to Hutchinson. "Wild pitch — Thomas.
Time of game— 1:40. Umpire— Levy.
Big Northern League.
SPOKANE, Wash., Aug. 2.— President
W. H. Lucas of the Pacific Northwest
Baseball League is in the city. He an
nounces that plans are being considered
to add two teams to the league next year,
making six in all. keeping Portland, Seat
tle, Tacoma and Spokane, and taking
Butte and Helena if satisfactory rates can
be secured.
GRANTS REQUEST
UNDER PROTEST
Two of the Land Fraud
Cases Dismissed by
Judge Knowles.
• . — ¦ - •
HELENA, Mont. Aug. i-Although
characterizing the request as reprehensi
ble, Judge Hiram Knowles to-day granted
a motion to dismiss the indictments
against Chauncey Griswold and . Albert
Jemison, charged with subornation of
perjury in connection with timber entries
in the Missoula Land Office. "When court
opened this morning District Attorney W.
R. Rodgers presented the matter to Judgo
Knowles, entering a nolle prosequi.
"I do not understand that the Attorney
General of the United States has the right
to make a motion of this kind in this
court," replied the Judge, "and must as
sume that you make such motion as the
United States Attorney for the district of
Montana." ¦ •*•"¦'"
"I make the motion to dismiss these
prosecutions against Griswold and Jemi
son as United States Attorney for the dis
trict of Montana, but desire it to be un
derstood that I make the same at the re
quest and under the direction of the At
torney General of the United States " de
clared Rodgers. .
"Under the circumstances," said Judee
Knowles, "the motion will havevto be
granted and the nolle entered. I cannot
help saying, however, that it la reprehen
sible, very much so."
RESULTS OP AMERICAN
WHIST TOURNAMENT
Play Grows Thick and Fast in tha
National Competition at
Milwaukee.
MILWAUKEE, Wls., Aug. 2.— Results in
the American League whist tournament
to-day were as follows:
Fourth final, American "Whist League chal
lenge trophy— Minneapolis beat Hamilton four
tricks: Chicago Duplicate beat Commercial
Club pf Minneapolis seven tricks; Grand Raoida
drew a bye. •
Sixth final. Hamilton trophy-Chicago Whist
beat Knickerbocker thirteen tricks; Philadel
phia beat. Milwaukee two tricks; Cleveland beat
Grand Rapids six tricks; Ravenswood drew a
bye. -
As the result of third round for the
Minneapolis trophy the total scores in
that event were:
Detroit. 35; Minneapolis. 27%; North Shore
of Chicago. 34; Grand Rapids. S»H; Chicago
Whist, 33%; Baltimore. 30V 2 ; Scranton Bicycle.
29; St. Louis, 32^; Des Molnes. 37; Ypsllanti
3o; Ravenswood 33H: Sorllck of Racine. 27*i
Hyde Park of Chicago. 34; Saginac. 29**; Ham
;«•.«; CnJc ago. 2?: Marquette of Milwaukee.
M: Milwaukee 30%; Illinois. 25%; Waibrook
nt ?nn ?«, Ore u 37 = C1 ? vel , and - 32^: Commercial
of Minneapolis. 31; Lacka wanna of Scranton
ZoVi.
The progressive match winners of the
afternoon were:
t S^? tI 5 n A: N °rth and South— Mr. and Mrs.
ft ai? rat U z and S ' U Kent and M «- Mundy.
tie. 9%. East and West-J. Dorland and L.
ot. John, 8-20-25.
Section B: North and South— K. B. Nalsh
and Mrs. H. G. Rogers and C. W. Smith and
H. Oberlie, tie. 81Vi. East and West— H. C.
Smiedlng and J. F. Gales l<Hj.
Willie Smith. •Wins.
NEW TOEK, Aug. 2.— "Willie Smith of
the Midlothian Golf Club, Chicago, and
former open champion golfer of the
United States, won the allcomers' medal
Play game of . thirty-six holes from a field
of sixty-four contestants on the links of
the Hollywood Golf Club near Long
Branch, N. J., to-day.
Willie Anderson of Pittsfleld, Mass.. the
present holder of the open championship
title, won second honors. Just one stroke
behind Smith.
Against Stiff Wind Blowing Up the Stretch
the King of Stallions Trots a Mile in Two
Minutes Two and One-Quarter Seconds
CRESCEUS CLIPS A HALF SECOND
OFF HIS OWN WORLD'S RECORD
DUDES HAVE A LUCKY EIGHTH
AND WIN ANOTHER FROM WASPS
ture of the Thumb Which Will Put Him
on the Baseball Shelf for Many Weeks
Charlie Graham Sustains a Compound Frac-
4
Til J5 SAJN: JfKAN CISCO CALIijSATUKUATi AUGUST 3, J19O1^
SPORTS: TROTTING AND RUNNING RACES, BASEBALL
Men Who Designed and Built the Speedy Craft
Both the Challenger for the Much Coveted Perpetual Cup
-.' and the: Defender of the trophy WiOe^iled by the
TIBURON TARS CHOOSE YACHT PRESTO
AS CHAMPION OF CORINTHIAN FLEET
Her racing length In 1899 was 28.65 feet,
but this will be somewhat reduced, her
bowsprit and mast having: been shortened
and her halyard blocks lowered. A com
mittee consisting of ex-Commodores A. J.
THE perpetual challenge cup, of
which the Corinthian Yacht Club
is the holder/will be defended in
a race with Commodore -A. E.
Chapman's sloop Helen by Frank
Stone's sloop Presto.- ';i: ; sJ : . ,-
\' m Its least virtue is that
it lasts so:
Soap is for comfort; the
clean are comfortable.
' Pears' soap cleanliness —
is perfect cleanliness.
,' AH sorts of people use it, all sorts of stores
sell tt. especially druggists.
¦' NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the . city front (Mission-street wharf) j about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tldo Is the same at both places.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of- High and Low
•Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
\ thority of the Superintendent.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
1. e., at noon of the 120th meridian, or at !
o'clock p. m., Greenwich time. .
; . 1 - . ¦ \ C, G. CALKINS.
Lieutenant Commander, U. S. N., In charge.
SATURDAY, AUGUST 3.
Sun rises ." .....5:14'
Sun sets '. 7:1/
Moon rises 8:54 p. m.
TO SAIL.
FROM SEATTLE.
A concert and reception will be given to
Mr. and i ; Mrs.' . Henry "J. - McCoy, by I the
board of management. of the Ladies' Aux
iliary and the reception committee of the
Young Men's Christian > Association •v on
Monday evening at the association build
ing, corner of Mason and? Ellis •streets.'
The affair will be in honor of the. comple
tion of Mr.fMcCoy's twentieth - year of
service as secretary of the association., A
musical and literary programme has been
arranged. '. .
Reception to Secretary McCoy.
Henry Miller notified :the Board of Su
pervisors yesterday that Natoma street,
running from Fifth, is not an open public
street, never having, been accepted by the
city; but is his private property, he hav
ing maintained a fence across the north
easterly termination of the land. .'Miller
claims that he leased the property in 1866
to N. P. Perine and James J. .Walker,
¦who reserve - a strip thirty-five ¦ feet wide
for. a passageway. Miller therefore peti
tions that Natoma street in that block be
expunged from the official map, •
"Wants Natoma Street Closed.
The trial of John H. Cordes for the mur
der of John Carlson at Diana Hall, Pa
cific street. April 4;- is drawing to a close
In Judge Cook's' court. Dr. Bacigalupi,
autopsy surgeon," • and , Detective j T. J.
Bailey were examined for the prosecution
yesterday, and several ranchers from Ala
meda County were called for the defense
to testify as to the defendant's good char
acter. The defendant took the stand, but
it was almost impossible for the District
Attorney to get any answers to his ques
tions; and he finally gave it up. Assistant
District Attorney Deuprey made the open
ing argument for the prosecution and the
case was continued till: Monday. ' '
Cordes Makes a Poor Witness.
The death of Mr. Giles is deeply regret
ted by a host of friends. The funeral
took place last Saturday at Mount Olivet
Cemetery, in Chicago.
The recent death of David I. Giles in
Chicago was learned with the deepest re
gret by numerous friends in this city,
where the deceased was. born and resided
for many years.
Mr. Giles was a brother-in-law of A. "W.
Martin, a/ local official of the Western
Union Telegraph Company. Born in this
city thirty-two years ago, Mr. Giles
¦worked for.'many years for the Western
Union and Postal Telegraph companies.
Later he entered the service of the United
Press and went East. He located in Chi
cago and in March, 1894. became telegraph
editor of the 'Chicago Drovers' Journal.
Where He Lived for Many-
Years. . .
FORMER SAN FRANCISCO
MAN DIES IN CHICAGO
David I. Giles, a Native of This City,
Paul Redfleld Lewis, the oil stock broker,
again failed .to appear in Judge Mogan's
court yesterday morning to explain why
warrants should not be issued for his ar
rest on charges of felony embezzlement.
1«ie officer ¦who got the subpena to serve
upon him reported that he had been un
able to find him at his office in the Hearst
building and he had been unable to learn
his private address. • ..
Attorney Arthur Brand, who represents
Mrs. Harriet A. Waldron and her daugh
ter. Miss Alda Logan, 639 O'Farrell street,
said that he believed Lewis had left the
city and was in another State. The Judge
decided to issue the warrant for embez
zling Miss Logan's diamond ring, but said
he waa not yet satisfied with the evidence
as to Lewis' dealings with Mrs. Waldron's
money and would postpone the issuance
of that warrant on that charge.
Detective T. B. Gibson was detailed to
arrest Lewis If he is still in the city.
Aida Logan's Valuable- Dia
mond Ring.
He Is Charged "With Embezzling' Miss
WARRANT ISSUED FOR
BROKER LEWIS' ARREST
Gardelli Is Malingering.
Judge Cook received a letter yesterday
from Asa Clark, superintendent of the
Stockton Insane Asylum, that Francisco
Gardelli was not insane and had not been
while in the asylum, and that he was evi
dently malingering. The Judge made an or
der to bring him back to stand his trial
for grand larceny along with his accom
plice, Julia Gondalevski, for stealing val
uable jewelry from Mrs. Catherine Es
panoza, in whose house the woman waa
employed as a servant.
Timber-Cutter Indicted.
L,. B. Cook, indicted by the Federal
Grand Jury In February of this year for
cutting timber on Government land, was
arrested by Deputy United States Mar
shal Gamble last Thursday on a ranch
forty miles ! north of TJkiah. He was
brought to this city yesterday for trial.
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the »early morning tides are. given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In tha order of occurrence as to time of
day; the third time column gives the last tldo
of the day; except when there are but three
tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights given
are in addition to the soundings on the United
States Coast Survey charts, except when • a
minus ( — ) sign precedes the height, and then
the number given is subtracted from the depth
given' by the charts. The plane of reference is
the mean of the lower low waters.-. _ . _; :_. __
Mr. Kohn is named not only as trustee,
but as executor of the will, together with
Simon Newman. The estate of the de
ceased is now under process of adminis
tration under their direction.
In the publication contained in this pa
per on the 1st inst. it was stated through
error that Max Kohn was under arrest in
Portland. Though the quotation from Mrs.
Selig'man's will, as contained in the arti
cle, made it plain that Max Seligman and
not Mr. Kohn was under restraint. The
Call wishes to correct any wrong impres
sion that may have, resulted' from the er
ror stated. ¦ •'
In a codicil, however,. Mrs. Seligman
leaves her son, Max Seligman. $1000. Max
Seligman is now under arrest in Portland,
charged with having defrauded a bank.
•The $1000 bequest will be used in his de
fense, which will be conducted by Attor
ney I. I. Brown of this city, who is
charged by Mrs. Seligman "to use every
honorable means and every effort to free
her son from the. legal restraint under
which he now suffers."
In the will Mrs. Seligman states that
she purposely omits leaving anything to
her son, Max Seligman, "because he has
been undutiful and unfilial, has brought
disgrace upon her and has caused her un
told physical pain and anguish of mind
and heart."
A grievous.error which The Call wishes
tocorrect was containied in the publication
in this paper; on the 1st inst. of the pro
visions of the will of the late Babette Se
ligman. In the will the deceased, after
making a few irinor bequests, bequeaths
one-half the residue of her estate to Max
Kohn, a friend, and the other half to Mr.
Kohn in trust for the ' benefit of Jesse
Seligman, decedent's son.
That Max Kohn "Was Under
Arrest in Portland.
Call Inadvertently Makes Statement
ERROR DOES INJUSTICE TO
MRS. SELIGMAN'S EXECUTOR
Jue Lin Ong, who shot and killed Jue
Do Hong, the Chinese boy, last Monday
morning, has been left to his fate, the
Chinese Six Companies having decided
not to render him any financial assistance
for his defense, as he murdered a member
of his own family. When arrested he had
only $3 in his possession. . ¦ .
v The police fear that the murder of Gee
Chung at 9 Ross . alley early yesterday
morning: may lead to a highbinder war.
The murdered boy belonged to the Suey
Dong Tong, and the members of that tong
are already talking of vengeance.
There are two motives attributed as
possible causes of the. murder. \ One is
that Gee Chung gave information to the
Government as to opium smuggling and
the other that he was singled out as the
victim to even up. scores for the murder of
a' member, of a rival- tong in St. Louis
alley about six weeks, ago. The last named
is supposed to be the real motive, hence
the fear of a highbinder war. • -
Gee Chung was 19 years of age and was
born in this city. His father, Gee Bue,
is the owner of a restaurant at 644 Com
mercial street, where he occasionally
worked. He was a prominent member of
the Chinese Native Sons' organization,
and the police say he was inclined -to go
"the pace." He was entering a gambling
house at 9 Ross alley when shot down.
Detective Ed Gibson has been detailed
on the case, but so far no arrests have
been made. . It was at first reported that
two Chinese ' boys fired the fatal shots,
but Gibson says there were five of them,
showing, that the assassination had been
carefully arranged. Every effort will be
made to arrest the' murderers.
i ¦
Friends Say He Was Slain
by a Rival Tong to
_ Even Up Scores.
Murder of the Boy Gee
Chung Will Be
Avenged.
HIGHBINDER WAR
IS THREATENED
Large Cargo on the Hermonthis.
The Kosmos Line steamer Hermonthis sailed
,. • , . Time Ball.
¦ .
Branch Hydrographic. Office. U.S. N.;" Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal;,
. August 2..1901. ,: v „ ,.,
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry,
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day —
KXWS OF THE OCEAN.
-^The Cambrcnne trill load wheat here for
Europe, 37s, prior to arrival.
Experiments in France have' proved convinc
ing, and '¦¦ the .French ¦ believe they are , certain
to play a . role of • much ¦ importance in modern
warfare. It '. is " odd ¦ to note the different- uses
to which nature and ; science are'put."" On the
battlefield they, light for the destruction of life,
while : throughout 'the I country, - Hostetter's
Stomach Bitters flghts to preserve it. : a For fifty
years the Bitters has, been curing dyspepsia," in
digestion. [ constipation ' and biliousness. - It will
also prevent malaria,. fever, and ague. ¦
Automobiles ; as Transport .Wagons.
Thirteen lumber vessels made port yes
terday, and of these seven came from
SiuFlaw. the largest number that has ar
rived from that Dort in one day in years.
They were the Lizzie Prien. Sacramento.
Mary Etta. Bella. A. J. West, S. Daniel
son and Nettie Sundborg.
Thirteen Coasters Arrive.
The respective parties to the suit of
John Erown and others vs. the British
steamship Hougomont and others filed a
stipulation for dismissal yesterday in the
¦L'nited States District Court, each party
to pay his own costs.
Libel Suit Dismissed.
The Risdon Iron Works' shipyard and
the bay in its vicinity presents a very
pretty appearance "since the strike ! began.
A number of sugar boats are anchored
near by, while the steamships Alameda
and Mariposa are at the wharves, the
Henry B. Hyde is discharging- coal and
the Willie Rickmers is awaiting a chance
to be remasted. The latter vessel put in
here in distress several months ago and
new yards and spars for her are on their
way here from Europe. Work on the
boilers and machinery of the Alameda is
now nearing completion and the steam
ship will be ready to go out fn the Mari
posa's place on August SI.
Many Vessels at the Hisdon.
Miss Alice H. Jones. Austin Jones, A. F. Gll
fl'.lan. K. E. Richardson, Miss May Kluegel,
•Miss Emma L. Clark. I. Emmeluth and wife,
Renton Hind, M: M. Tuft, Miss Imogene Boyer,
Mrs. Charles T. Wilder. E. H. Hay. James
Kirkland. R. K. Halstead, Miss L. V. Pettus.
Passengers for This Port.
The Mail Company's steamship - City of
Peking, which sails from Honolulu for
San Francisco to-day, will bring up the
following passengers from the islands:
The San Francisco owned ship J. B.
Brown is making for Honolulu with many
of her sails and some of her spars gone.
The schooner Expansion, which arrived
at Honolulu on July 18. spoke the barken
tine Gleaner, bound from Newcastle. Aus
tralia, for Honolulu, and Captain Scham
mel of the Gleaner reported having spok
en the J. B. Brown under short canvas
and with several spars gone. ,The Brown
had been caught In a hurricane, probably
the same one that partially dismasted the
J. B. Thomas* and was considerably dam
aged. t ¦
The J. B. Brown in Trouble.
Over a month ago the sealing schooner
/Kate and Anna put into San Pedro and
secured a number of hunters for a cruise
along 1 the coast. On July 26 she -was g-et
ting short of water and supplies, so the
captain decided to put into Grays Harbor.
The schooner passed in over the bar and
eight men in two boats were following
her, wh^n one of the boats was capsized
by a roller and before assistance could
reach them four of the hunters were
drowned. Their names were Joe Pain of
San Pedro, Robert Walker of South San
Francisco. Frank Palm of Hamburg and
Joe Stajey. The bodies were not recov
ered.
FOXJB SEALERS DBOW^Ei).
Members of the Schooner Eate and
" Anna's Crew Lose Their laves.
GRAYS HARBOR-Arrlved Aug 2-Schr J H
Druce, hence July 20. Aug 1— Schr Laura Mad
een, from San Pedro.
• Arrived Aug 2 — Stmr Newburg. hence July 29.
Bailed Aus 2 — Stmr Coronado and schr Gen
Banning, for San FrandBco.
EUREKA— Arrived Aug 2— Stmr Fulton,
hence July 31. ; »
Sailed Aug 2— Schr Bertie Minor, for Hono
lulu. ¦ ¦ ¦
PORT BLAKELEY— Arrived Aug 2— Schr
Jennie Wand, hence. July 13; schr Fannie Du
tard, hence July 11. : '
SEATTLE— Arrived Aug 2— Stmr Mackinaw,
hence July 28: US stmr Concord. • . .
Arrived Aus: 2— Br stmr Hyson, from Yoko-_
ba.ma; Ger ship Adolf, from Antwerp; etmr
Chico. from Nome. .
SEATTLE, Aug 2— Spoken per stmr Chico,
from St Michael, schr Maid of Orleans, hence
July C, for Chignik Bay; wished, to be reported
al NEAH BAY— Passed In*. Aug 2— Chil bark
India, from Antofarasta.
NEAH BAY— Passed In Ausr 2— Schr Stlm
son. from Redondo; stmr Progreso. hence July
29. for Tacoma. •
Passed out Aug 2— Nor stmr . Titania, from
DOMESTIC PORTS.
POINT LOBOS. Aug 2. 10 pm— Weather
hazy; wind W, velocity 8 miles per hour.
m is si re.
TELEGRAPHIC.
Schr Expansion, at Honolulu July 18. re
ports ravine spoken bktn Gleaner when off
Tahiti. Latter reported speaklne ship : J B
Brown, from Newcastle, Aus, for Honolulu,
-with most of her 'sails and some of her spars
July 7, no lat. Ion 27 W— Ger ship Ferdinand
Fischer, from Oregon, for Queenstown.'
July 17. lat 41 N. Ion 37 W— Br ship Ditton.
hence March 18, for Queenstown.
LONDON. Aug 2 — Lord Shaftesbury. pre
viously- reuorted aground in River Elbe, has
b*t:n assisted off. ', .
SPOKEN.
Friday, August 2.
Stmr Geo R Vosbergr, Loll, Nehalem.
Ftmr Luella, Madsen. Caspar.
Stmr Gipey. .Leland, Santa Cruz.
Stmr Navarro, Olsen. Bowens Landing.
Ger 6tmr . Hermonthis, Knudpen, Hamburg
and way rwrtB. i.
Brstmr Coptic, Rinder. Hongkong, etc.
SAILED.
Friday, August 2.
Stmr Santa Rosa. Alexander, San Diego;
GoodalU Perkins & Co. .
Br stmr Coptic, Rinder. Hongkong and Yo
kohama, via Honolulu; O & O SS Co.
CLEARED.
Thursday, August 1.
Bchr C H Merchant, Carlson. 9 days from
Port Gaiable.
Schr W F WHzemann, Daeweritz, 5 days
from Grays Harbor.
Friday. August 2.
Schr "frerwick, Ackerman, Danerwitas, 5 days
qaille River.
Strar Rival, Johnson, 68 hours from South
Bend.
Stmr Point Arena. Hansen, 14 hours from
Mendoclno.
Schr Coctullle River. Anderson. S days from
Coqullle River.
Schr Mayflower, Gudmanson, 4 days . from
Coqullle River.
Schr Bender Brothers, "Wetzel, 24 hours from
Bowens Landin~.
Schr Nettle Sundborg. Larsen, 3'/4 days from
Siuslaw . River. '
Schr Mayflower, Goodmansen, 4 days from
Coqullle River.
Schr Fortuna. Olson. 48 hours from Eureka.
Schr Archie and Fontle. Skipper, 20 hours
from Stewarts Point. , -
Schr S Danlelson. Nelson. 4 days from Slus
law River.
Schr Bella. Jamison, 3% days from Sluslaw
. Schr Lizzie Prien, Anderson, 3 days from
Coqullle River.
Schr A J West, Dahler, 4 days from Grays
Harbor. '¦ -. .
Schr Mary Etta. Nyman, 24 hours from
Bowecs Landlnz.
Schr Mary E Russ, Nyman, 54 hours from
Coos Bay.
Shipping Intelligence
ARRIVED
For China— 16,511 bbls flour. 421 pkgs groceries
and provisions, 665 cs canned goods, 8260 lbs
tea, 1 cs brandy, 663 bxs apples, 400 lbs codfish,
1125 bales drills and sheetings. B24 lbs cheese,
6 cs drugs, 768 gals wine, 8 cs champagne, 360
pkgs beer, 9 pkgs dry goods, 689 lbs ham and
bacon, 6800 lbs pearl barley, 3 cs liquors.
For Japan— 1520 bbls flour, 16,000 lbs sugar.
137 bales leather, 269 pkgs groceries and.pro
visions, 201 lbs cheese, 65 pkgs steamboat ma
chinery, 4 cs whisky, 10 csks oak extract, 1500
kegs nails, 10 cs canned g»ods, 10 cs soap, 7
pkgs rubber goods, 16,450 lbs tan bark, 5 cs
electrical supplies, 12 cs watches and move
ments. 15 pkgs agricultural Implements, 400
bdls wire; 2500 lbs dried fruit. 72 cs hardware.
For Manila— 14 pkgs machinery. 285 cs liq
uors. 7 cs drugs, .1000 cs whisky. 31 ca, boots
and shoes, 9 pkgs leather, 57 cs stationery, 57
pkgs groceries and provisions, 370S feet lumber.
1 cs hats.
For Korea— 1 bbl flour. 30 pkgs groceries
and provisions, 4 .cs canned goods, 125 lbs
sugar.
For Slam — 879 lbs cheese, 53 cs canned goods.
The steamer Coptic, which sailed yesterday
for China and Japan, carried merchandise for
China valued at $98,420; Japan, $31,680; Manila,
$20,535; Korea. $167: Slam, $342. The principal
shipments were as follows:
Merchandise for the Orient.
yesterday for Valparaiso and way ports with
a general cargo \-alued at $114,637, manifested
as follows: : For Mexico. $1213; Central Amer
ica, $300; Bolivia. $2245; Ecuador, $17,688; Peru,
$50,806; Chile, $18,632; Germany. $1268; London.
$22,283. The cargo included the following mer
chandise:
For Mexico — 251 tons coal.
Foi Central Ameri.-a— 100 bbls flour.
For Bolivia— 1000 bbls flour.
For Ecuador— 92 cs whisky. 513 gals cognac,
125 coils cordage. 2610 bbls flour, 1459 gals wine,
£0 cs coal oil. 20 crs potatoes. 1000 cs blasting
powder, 17 cs fuse. 10 cs machine oil, 10 bales
oakum, 390 lbs dried fruit, 12 cs canned goods.
For Peru— 25,760 ctls wheat, 93 coils cordage.
6679 lbs prunes. 221.543 feet lumber. 1 drum
gasoline, 21 pkgs groceries and provisions, 23,597
lbs tallow. 3246 bbls flour, 15 cs canned goods,
26 bdls paper, 430 pkgs machinery. 2 bdls
leather. €5,470 lbs malt.
For Chile— 55 colls cordage, 5535 bbls Hour,
1074 lbs tea, 100 bbls lubricating oil, 30 cs
salad oil.
For Germany— 152 cs honey, 3 cs 27 gals wine.
For London— 22,508 ctls barley.
In addition to the above the steamer carried
the following merchandise destined for Peru
valued at $18,430, which was laden at Seattle
and Tacoma: '„ :i" "*.
2552 bbls flour, 11,120 ctls wheat, 18,000 feet
lumber. - ¦ .
Nanalmo, for San Francisco; stmr Washtenaw,
for San Francisco.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived Aug 2— Ger
ship Adolf, from Antwerp.
Passed Aug 2— Stmr Victorian, . from Skag
uay: stmr Chico, from Nome, for Seattle.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Aug 2— Schr Ludlow.
from Port Blakeley.
TACOMA — Arrived Aug 2— Schr Marion,
hence July 13.
NEW WHATCOM-Sailed Aug 1— Stmr Arc
tic, for Nome. . .
ISLAND PORTS.
HONOLULU— Arrived July 19— Bark S C Al
len, hence July 7. July 20— Schr Nokomis,
from Port Gamble. July 23— Jap stmr Nippon
Maru. hence July 17. July 24— Ship St Nichol
las, from Sydney; schr F M Slade. from New
castle, Aus. July 26— Ship Charmer, from Ta-
coma. t
Sailed July 19-Br bark Battle Abbey, for
Puget Sound: ship Tillle ;E Starbuck, for San
Francisco. July 20— R G Glade, for Puget
Sound: bktn Georee C Perkins, for Puget
Sound; schr Jessie Minor, 1 for Eureka. July 21
—Bktn Klikltat. for Port Gamble. July 22—
Schr Helene, for San „ Francisco; schr Endeav
or, for Port Blakeley.' July 23— Bark Edward
May. for San Francisco; schr Oliver J Olson,
for Eleele. July 24 — Jar> etmr Nippon Maru,
for Honckong; bark Chas B Kenney, for San
Francisco; bark Sea King, for Puget Sound.
MAHUKOXA— Arrived July 16-Bris: Galilee,
hence July 7. .
KAHULUI— Arrived- July 13— Stmr Hawaiian,
and sailed July 16, for Hilo.
Sailed July 20— Bktn Ruth, for San Fran
cisco.
In Dort— Br ship Antiope and bark W B
Flint.
HILO — Arrived July 18 — Bark Annie Johnson,
hence July 3. ¦ July 17 — Stmr Hawaiian, from
Kahului.
EASTERN PORTS.
In port July 18— Bark Senator, bktn Gardiner
City, bark Martha Davis and schr Otella Ped
erEen.
ELEELE — Arrived July IS— Schr Forester,
from Newcastle, Aus. July 16 — Schr A B John
son, from Newcastle, Aus. Aug 25— Schr Oli
ver J Olsen, from Honolulu.
HONOIPU— Arrived July 16— Brie Galilee,
hence July 7.
NEW YORK— Cleared Augr 2 and sails Augf 3
—Stmr American, for San Francisco.
FOREIGN PORTS.
VALPARAISO— Arrived June 22— Br stmr
Peru, and was ready to sail July 29 for San
Francisco.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived July 29— Fr bark
Sainte Anne, hence March 12. Aug 2— Br ship
Swanhlida. from Portland.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Arrived Aue 2— Stmr Campa
nia, from Liverpool; stmr Llguria, from
Genoa. , . ¦
BEACHT HEAD— Passed Au«r 2— Ger ship
Peter Rickmers, from Portland, . for Queens-
WEST HARTLEPOOL-Arrived Aur 1-Br
ship Duchalburn. hence March 19.
NANAIMO— Sailed Aug 1— I?r stmr Milton
and NTor stmr Titania, for Pan' Francisco.
HONG KONG— Sailed July 31— Br stmr Glen
ocle. for Tacoma.
BROWHEAD— Passed Aug 1— Br ship Swan
hilda. from Portland, for Queenstown.
VICTORIA— Sailed July 30— Br stmr Empress
of India, for China and Japan.
v YOKOHAMA— Sailed July 31— Br stmr In
drapura. for Portland, Or.
CHEMAINUS-Arrived Aus 2-Schr Forest
Home, hence July 18.
Steamer Movements.
TO ARRIVE.
STEAMSHIPS ALAMEDA AND MARIPOSA BEING: REPAIRED, THE
SHIP WILLIE RICKMERS AWAITING ARRIVAL OF NEW SPARS
FROM EUROPE AND SHIP HENRY B. HYDE DISCHARGING COAL.
t^pJHE Occidental and Oriental
j| Steamship Company's Coptic sail
red for the Orient yesterday. In
spite of the strike she gpt awas:
on time, but Trent out with a
Blight Il6t to starboard. This will be eas
ily rectified, however, by using all the
coal for the furnaces out of the starboard
bunkers.
Two deported Chinese caused some
trouble and considerable amusement just
before sailing time. Ah Wong was
brought to the Mail dock Thursday and
put aboard the steamship half an hour
before sailing time. Seeing people walk-
Ing down the gangway and turning every
few steps to say "grood-by." he thought
he would try the experiment and thus
make his escape. He succeeded in pass-
Ing the officers of the ship, and after call
ing a last farewell to some imaginary
friends on the ship turned to make his
and ran Into the arms of Dr. Gard
» ner. Chinese interpreter for the Govern
ment, and Inspector Boyce.
Ah Wong forgot that Chinese visitors
•were not allowed aboard and the crowd
could not help laughing when he asked.
"Cannot a person say good-by to his
friends?"
"Most people can, but you can u Get
aboard," was Dr. Gardner's reply, and
the deported man moved up the gang
plank again.
The other iras Leong Woon Ho, a Chi
nese girl who was rescued from a brothel
about four weeks ago. She was security
for a $1000 loan made to her owner and
all kinds of attempts were made to keep
her in the country. She swore she was
born in China and was brought here for
Immoral purposes. Her owner had her
arrested for perjury, claiming she was
born in this country. The charge was
disproved, and yesterday he tried to get
her off the steamship on another charge,
but failed. The girl is now on her way
back to China, where her family will take
care of her.
The cabin passengers who went away
on the Cootie were: i
For Yokohama — Rev. T. S. Barber, Hiss M.
E. Church. Rev. A. E. Isaac. Mrs. C. F. Meyer,
Miss A. M. Pure, A. Thompson Rel.
For Kobe— E. X. Mills.
For Nagasaki— H. C. CJooper.
For Ehaneha!— E. H. Hlmrod. Mrs. E. H.
Himrod. Miss M. E. Pyle. Miss Mary Snod
rrass, F. M. Rains. Mrs. F. M. Rains.
For Hongkong— Mrs. E. E. Barton, G. BihU
K. Bottorff. Mrs. K. Bottorff and Infant, Henry
C. Croft. C. 6. Lane. 8. McCurdy. Mrs. T. H.
Mead. Miss O. Mead. C. Pollitz. R. Wood Sut
ton. I. V. Texnpleton, A. E. "Waters, E. Weiss,
Mies M. White. Miss Claude Wilson.
For Honolulu— H. G. Eilers. E. Kimball. Mrs.
M. T. LanriU. A. Wendelen. William T. Rick
ards Mrs. William T. Rlckards.
Goes Out With Slight List to Starboard Which Will Soon Be Rectified---De
ported Chinese Attempts to Escape From the Vessel and Slave Owner Tries
to Regain Possession of Human Chattel— -Four Seal Hunters Are Drowned
OCCIDENTAL AND ORIENTAL STEAMSHIP COMPANY'S
COPTIC SAILS FOR ORIENT PROMPTLY ON TIME
THE SAN FRANCISCO; CALL, SATURDAY, AUGUST 3, 1901.
5
Steamer.
From.
Due.
Pomona IHumboldt Aug 3
G. W. Elder....! Portland & Astoria.... Aug. 3
Matteawan Tacoma auij. 4
Milton Nanaimo Aug. i
Coronado '. Grays Harbor Aug.. -I
Bonlta San Pedro & 'Way Pts. Aug. 4
Mandalay Coqullle River Aug. 4
Tellus Oyster Harbor Aug. 4
Washtenaw.... Tacoma ; Aug. 5
Titanla.... Nanaimo Aug. 5
City of Puebla. Puget Sound Ports Aug. 5
Neko Hamburg & Way Ports Aue 5
South Portland Tacoma Aug 5
Rainier Seattle & N. Whatcom Aur". 5
Eureka Humboldt Aug. 1 6
Argyll New York via Panama Augi» 6
Zealandia Honolulu Aug. 7
Asuncion Seattle Ang 7
Mackinaw Seattle Aug. 7
Acapulco Panama & Way Torts A uc" "8
Corona Newport & Way Ports Aug! 8
Santa Rosa..... San Diego & Way Pts. Aug. S
Point Arena Point Arena Aug. 9
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
Pier.
Conemaueh..
Eureka
Empire
Corona
Czarina.
Umatllla .
Santa Rosa...
North Fork..
Pomona......
Point Arena..
Australia..'...
G. W. Elder.
Aconcagua...
Bonlta
AllBTtlSt 3. .
Nome & St. Michael
Humboidt
Coos Bay ..........
San Diego
Accuat 4. |
Seattle & Tacoma..
Puget Sound Ports
San Diego & Way,
Ausrnst 5.
Humboidt 1
Humboidt
Point Arena !
A uprunt 6. J
Tahiti direct' ..\...
Astoria & Portland
Valparaiso i & Way
San Pedro & Way.
Augn«t 7.
Coqullle River ....
Humboidt .. :
San Diego & Way.
Mexican Ports ....
Grays Harbor
* - AnRnxt S. '
Panama & Way...!
Seattle & N. What
AiiKtiftt O.
Pugret, Sound Ports
10 am Pier 34
9 am Pier 13
10 am Pier 13
9 am Pier 11
5 pm Pier 8
11 am Pier 9
9 am Pier 11
9 am Pier J
1:30 p Pier 3
2 pm Pier 2
10 am Pier 7
11 am Pier 24
12 m Pier JO
9 am Pier 11
4 pm Pier 8
10 am Pier 2
9 am Pier 11
10 am Pier 11
5 pm Pier 2
12 m PMSS
5 pm Pier 2
111 amJPler 9
Mandalay....
San Pedro....
Ptate of Cal..
Curacao
Coronado...'..
City Sydney.
Rainier..
City Puebla..
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
City of Topeka. Skaguay &- Way" Ports Aug. ' 3
Chas.»Nel8on... Skaguay & Way Ports Aug. 3
Victorian Bkaguay & Way Ports Auk. 3
Senator Nome direct ...;. Aug. 5
Farallon Pkapuay & Way Ports Aug. fi
Queen.. Skaguay & Way . Ports Aug. 8
City at Seattle. Skaguay & Way Porte Aug. 8
Bertha Valdez & Way Ports.. Aug. 10
Centennial — . Nome & Teller City.... Aug. 10
Cottage City... Skaguay & Way Ports. [Aug. 13
Al-Ki........... Skaguay & Way Ports.|Aug. T4
iTimel iTlmel iTimel iTimel
Date Ft. Ft. Ft. -. Ft.
H W L. W ' H W L W
3 .. 0:56 5.3 7:11 0.3 1:59 5.4 7:40 1.3
4 .. 1:50 5.0 7:57 0.9 2:36 5.4 8:39 1.2
5 ... 2:52 4.6 8:41 1.4 3:16 5.5 9:41 1.0
6 ... 4:07 4.3 9:29 1.9 4:06 5.6 10:57 0.7
7... 5:34 4.0 10:22 2.4 4:58 5.7
L, W H W L," W H W
8 ... 0:04 0.41 6:5S 3.9 11:261 2.7 5:54 5.9
9 ... 1:11 0.0 8:14 4.1 12:36 2.9 6:57 6.0
iTimel iTlmel iTimel iTimel
Date Ft. Ft. Ft. -. Ft.
H W L. W ' H W L W
3 .. 0:56 5.3 7:11 0.3 1:59 5.4 7:40 1.3
4 .. 1:50 5.0 7:57 0.9 2:36 5.4 8:39 1.2
5 ... 2:52 4.6 8:41 1.4 3:16 5.5 9:41 1.0
6 ... 4:07 4.3 9:29 1.9 4:06 5.6 10:57 0.7
7... 5:34 4.0 10:22 2.4 4:58 5.7
L, W H W L," W H W
8 ... 0:04 0.41 6:5S 3.9 11:261 2.7 5:54 5.9
9 ... 1:11 0.0 8:14 4.1 12:36 2.9 6:57 6.0
Steamer.
From.
Due.
Pomona IHumboldt Aug 3
G. W. Elder....! Portland & Astoria.... Aug. 3
Matteawan Tacoma auij. 4
Milton Nanaimo Aug. i
Coronado '. Grays Harbor Aug.. -I
Bonlta San Pedro & 'Way Pts. Aug. 4
Mandalay Coqullle River Aug. 4
Tellus Oyster Harbor Aug. 4
Washtenaw.... Tacoma ; Aug. 5
Titanla.... Nanaimo Aug. 5
City of Puebla. Puget Sound Ports Aug. 5
Neko Hamburg & Way Ports Aue 5
South Portland Tacoma Aug 5
Rainier Seattle & N. Whatcom Aur". 5
Eureka Humboldt Aug. 1 6
Argyll New York via Panama Augi» 6
Zealandia Honolulu Aug. 7
Asuncion Seattle Ang 7
Mackinaw Seattle Aug. 7
Acapulco Panama & Way Torts A uc" "8
Corona Newport & Way Ports Aug! 8
Santa Rosa..... San Diego & Way Pts. Aug. S
Point Arena Point Arena Aug. 9
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
Pier.
Conemaueh..
Eureka
Empire
Corona
Czarina.
Umatllla .
Santa Rosa...
North Fork..
Pomona......
Point Arena..
Australia..'...
G. W. Elder.
Aconcagua...
Bonlta
AllBTtlSt 3. .
Nome & St. Michael
Humboidt
Coos Bay ..........
San Diego
Accuat 4. |
Seattle & Tacoma..
Puget Sound Ports
San Diego & Way,
Ausrnst 5.
Humboidt 1
Humboidt
Point Arena !
A uprunt 6. J
Tahiti direct' ..\...
Astoria & Portland
Valparaiso i & Way
San Pedro & Way.
Augn«t 7.
Coqullle River ....
Humboidt .. :
San Diego & Way.
Mexican Ports ....
Grays Harbor
* - AnRnxt S. '
Panama & Way...!
Seattle & N. What
AiiKtiftt O.
Pugret, Sound Ports
10 am Pier 34
9 am Pier 13
10 am Pier 13
9 am Pier 11
5 pm Pier 8
11 am Pier 9
9 am Pier 11
9 am Pier J
1:30 p Pier 3
2 pm Pier 2
10 am Pier 7
11 am Pier 24
12 m Pier JO
9 am Pier 11
4 pm Pier 8
10 am Pier 2
9 am Pier 11
10 am Pier 11
5 pm Pier 2
12 m PMSS
5 pm Pier 2
111 amJPler 9
Mandalay....
San Pedro....
Ptate of Cal..
Curacao
Coronado...'..
City Sydney.
Rainier..
City Puebla..
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
City of Topeka. Skaguay &- Way" Ports Aug. ' 3
Chas.»Nel8on... Skaguay & Way Ports Aug. 3
Victorian Bkaguay & Way Ports Auk. 3
Senator Nome direct ...;. Aug. 5
Farallon Pkapuay & Way Ports Aug. fi
Queen.. Skaguay & Way . Ports Aug. 8
City at Seattle. Skaguay & Way Porte Aug. 8
Bertha Valdez & Way Ports.. Aug. 10
Centennial — . Nome & Teller City.... Aug. 10
Cottage City... Skaguay & Way Ports. [Aug. 13
Al-Ki........... Skaguay & Way Ports.|Aug. T4
ADVERTISEMENTS. .
Fels & Co., makers, Philadelphia.
Nothing ' washes so clean,
whether clothes or. glass, as •Fels-
Naptha . money-back soap; and
they show it.
Gb 1051HA8SSTST.tet.6±*7ti,S.r.Cil.
Of The Largest Anatomical Museum in the
jjjji. World. Weaknesses or any contracted
ffrj- SWW disease positively cured by the oldest
BS. « 9 S P eciilist on the Co «'- Est- 3* years.
liZXlk 0R - JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN
t&n/Hm Consultation free and strictly private.
5 itvLn Treatment personally or by letter. A
fi W W ¦ Positive Cure in every case undertaken,
r n II m w rite for Book. PIILOSOPBV of
"II l^* UARMACE. MAILED FREE. ( A.
• valuable book for mrn) „
I)it. JORDAN «t CO.. 1051 Market St.. S. F.
MUSEUM OF ANATOMY
visit DR. JORDAN'S great
on Application.
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues ' and Prlc9 Lists Hallal
DIRECTORY
BILLIARDS, POOL AND BAR FIXTURES.
St. Germain Billiard Co.. late Jacob Strahle
& Co. (est'd. 1852V 409 Market st.; upon In-
stallment or rented; also beer apparatus.
COAL. COKE AND PICTlROJi.
J- C- WILSON & C0« » Telephone I Maln r iS«4.
t " FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
I*C DAVEC & CfS Shipping Butchers. '104
JA5- . BO I E3 tt t U- : CTay: Tel. Main - 1»*
418 1 FTont St.. S. F.
¦ .¦-•'..-> .oils. : . .. . : ¦
LUBRICATING- OILS. LEONARD & ELLIS.
Phone Main 1719.
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC.
. Trains l«»vt> »n<l ar* tin* ii» nrrl*« »•
MAN riCAN«.'IMtt<>.
(Main Line. Foot of Marlwt Street) 1
lxatk . — . From July U. 1901. — Axxrra
"iOOa Benlcl*, SuiauD, Elmir* sad 8«er».
memo..... flttlr
~:OOa V»c»viUe, Wlctew. Ramsey 1xA3r
<i>«a M»rtlne3D, Saa Uaiuou, Vallejo, N»p«,
Callstoga and Santa Ros» •tSSp !
8<OOa Davis, Woodland, KnigbU Landiaf,
Mar7tTille,OioTille.... 7iS.1p -
8:00a Atlantic Kipreaa— Ogd«n and B*»l ll:SSr
»:««A Xlles. lAthrop. Stockton 7>33r
StOOANUn, Mendota, Hanford, TluUa,
PotttrrUle 4tS3»
J S:3Ua Shasta Expresa— Darla, Willlinu (for
> Bartlett SpriaztX WlUonn. Bed
Bluff. Portland.. T«»3r
• i»Oa Sail Joea, LJtonnore, Stockloii,
lone. Saerameuto. PlacerrUla.
M»rj«» HI*, Chleo. Ka.Ullnft 4iS3r
RiSOa Oakdalr, Ohlneao (Toeemite), So*
nor*. Carters 4tS.ty
P:OO» Hajward. NUra and Waj Station*.. • 1 ill*
•ittOA VaUejo i Iat23r
ViOOa Loa Aocelea EziireM — Martlnes.
Tracy, Lathrop. Htockton, Merced
Fresuo and Loe Ancole* 7i25p
¦>SOA Vallnlo. Martlnes ami Way Stations 7t5Sp
IOiOAa The Overland Limited— Ogden, Den*
ver, Omaha, Chicago •iitSp
?l:OOr Sacrameuto Uiver Steamera ISsOOa
*:SOp Hajward. Nilcs and Way BtaUona.. 7:33p
* 4t«0p Ueuleta. Winters. Haoraniento.
IVouillaud. Knights Landing.
M.rj.Tillp, OroTllle ¦•iSSa
4>itnp Martiuex, Han Itaiuon, Tallejo.
Napa. C'allntoKa. Sitnia llOM »<S3a
4i00p Niles, LiTennore, Stockton, Lodl... lt>23r
4i»«p Hayward. Nile*. Uau . lose. LlTermora t»!»»A
4:3Op Port Coa a. Tracy, Lathrop, Stockton 1»»23a
Si«ttpThe Owl IJmlted— Frosuo, Tulaie,
liakenQeld. Haugiii for SanU .Bar-
bara, Los Angeles 9i33«.
O:OOp Martinez. Antioch, Stockton, Mer-
ced. Fresno I*>S9p
»tO«p Yoeemlte »»»»«»
S:3Or New Orleans Eipre-» — Mendota.
Fresno, Bakenaeid, Los Angeles,
Demiog-. El Paso, New Orleans »
and East 7iS3a
•tnor Hayward. Miles and San Joae 7i33a
t*)iOOr Vallejo 1 Ii33*
0iOUp Oriental Mail— Ogden, Cheyenne,
Omaha, Chicago 12:23*
•tOOp Oriental Mall— Ogden, Dentsr.
St. Louis, Chicago. 4d3p
7s«Or Oreeou and CalUurnia Kxpron.Mao.
rRineutu, Mirjs.lllo. IteiMluc.
rortlanit, 1'iiget Hound and Kast S:39&
¦lASpSaa Pablo, Port C'oata, Martlnes
and Way Stations 11:23*
t»»O3p Vallejo 7i.1*p
COAST LINE (JCarrow Usage).
(Fool of Market Street.)
X7i45 a Santa Gnu Excursion to riaata Crox
and Principal Way Stations {S>03*
•tlSA Newark.CeiiterTlUe.Han Jose. Fclton.
Boulder Cre«k.tiskiitaOrnz and Way
SUUous 3i3op
fSilBp Newark. Centerrille, Ban Joie, New
AlmadeD, Faltou, IlouWler Oreek.
Santa Cms and Principal Way
Stations ". I » ¦¦¦»<» A
4tlSp Newark. Han .lose. Loa Gate* t*>»*>A
«<i!3p Olenwood-BoqlderCroek, 8antaCrn» «»»3Qa
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
Pnm S1I rtiSCISCO— Faov of Kirkst Strert (Slip ty—
T7:15 9:00 11.00*. M. 1:03 3:00 5:15c.-.
rrimOUUKB— f».t .fBn«iw»T.— fii;00 13.00 t3:01
10;Q0i.M. 13:03 3:03 4:08 r.M. ;
COAST LINE (Broa.l Cmrg*),
(Thl'd and Townaeml Sl».)
«J: I »a San Joae and Way Htations.. ....... (i3«*.
t7:0OA Kau Joieaud Way Sfcutlgin... liitupV
/7:0OA New Almaueii.. /4ilO»
S7tSOA Sunday Excursion for San Jcte,
Santa Cruz. PscUe Grora and
Prindpal Way Stations. I»i3»»
IHOiStii Joae. Hollixter. SauU Cms, :;.-.:
Paeino <ln>»e, Halinii, Saa Lids
Oblspo, Santo Barbara and Prin.
dpal iutonnedlate Hutlons 7>S«ry
IOiSOa Sao Joae and Way Station*. Cs3«r
¦ IsSOa S»u Joae ami Way Station* Sa3*)a>
fSi'iav 8an Mateo, Kedwood, K«nlo Parr,
Palo Alto, Santa CJara, Man.loi*,
Hol'ister. Santa" Criu. Sslloaa,
Monterey and r»cltic GroTe U0i«3t
•¦•Or Ban Jose. Tres Finos. Santa. Cruz,
raoifle Gror* and Way Htatloua 4iI«»P
f4«l»r San Joae and Principal Way Stations »>43a
t3z00fS»n Jose, Lot Gate* and Principal
Way Stations «•>««*
5:3flp San.loae and Principal Way Stations »»HBa
OiOOf Redwood. San Jose. Gilroy. Salinas, " '
: Santa Barbara, Los Angeles I«:*Sa
fl:nop Ran .lose and Wayacatlom t* lO °*
«ll:45p San Josaand Way SUtions 7l3O>
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
• tHnnday excepted. t "nnday only. 1_
•I Saturday only. « Monday.
• Saturday and Sunday. / Tuesdays and Frldajj.
CAUFOBBIi H0RTH1ESTEBI EL CflL
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISGO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Ttburen Ferry. Foot of MarkatSi
San Francisco to San Rafael.
WSEK DATS— 7:30, 9:C0. U:0O a. m.: 13:33,
3:30 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:54
¦ and 11:30 p. m. «««'..«
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 9:30, 11:00 a. m.; 1:30, J:3J.
6:00, 6:20 p. to. . . . ,
San Rat'ael to San Francisco.
WEEK DATS— 6:10. 7:50. 9:20, 11:10 a. m.; 13:45.
3:40. 5:15 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:55
and 6:33 p. m.
SUNDAYS. .8:10. 9:40. 11:10 a. m.: 1:40, 3:40,
8:05. 6:25 p. m. _-•
Leave I In Effect I Arrive
San Frandgco. |Aprtl 28. 1901. | San Franclaco.
Week I Sun- I I Sun- I Week
Days. I days, j Destination. 1 days. | Day..
7:30 am 8:00 ami Novato. 10:40 ami 8:40 am
3:30 pm 9:30 ami Petaluma. «:05 pm>10:25 am
6:10 pm 5:00 pm| Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm| «:3O pm •
Fulton. '. I ¦* ¦
7:30 am Windsor. 10:25 am
6:00 pm Healdsbursr. 10:40 am ¦
Lytton.
Geyservllle.
3:30 pm 8:C0am Cloverdale. 7:35 pm 8:20 pm
7-30 ami 5:00 pm| Hopland 110:40 am[10:25 am
3:30 pm| 8:00 am| and Uklah. I 7:35 pm| 8:20 pm
7-30 am 10:40 am 10:25 am
8:00 am Guerneville. 7:35 pm
3:30 pm 5:00 pm 8:20 pm
7:30 ami 8:00 am Sonoma 9:13 am 8:40 am
and
5:10 pmj 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. 6:05 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 ami 8:00 ami 110:40 am|10:25 am
3:30 pm| 5:00 pm| Sebastopol. | 7:35 pm| 6:20 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark We**.
Springs and Wblte Sulphur Springs: at Fulton
for Altrurla; at Lytton for Lytton Springs: at
Geyservllle for Skaggs Springs: at Cloverdal*
for the Geysers: at Hopland for Duncan
Springs. Highland" Pprlnss. Kelseyvllle. CarU-
bad Springs, Soda Bay. Lakepcrt and Bartle:t
Springs; at Uklah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
Springs Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake, Witter
Springs, Upper Lake. Pomo. Potter Valley,
John Day's, Riverside. L»erley*s. Bucknell's.
Sanhedrin Heights. Hullvllle. Orr's Hot
Springs. Mendoclno City. Fort Brags. "West-
port. Usal. WHUts. Laytonvllle. Cummins,
Bell's Springs, Harris, Olsen' s. Dyer. Scotia
and Eureka. . ? /
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at re- •
duced rates.
On' Sunday round trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Office, 650" Market street. Chronic I »
Building.
H. C. WHITING. R. X. RYAN.
Gen. Manager. . Gen. Pas*. Art.
GREAT NORTHERN RAILWAY.
" COOL" AND DUSTLESS.
Dally Palace and Tourist keepers.
.Dining Car. Meals a la Cart*.
Library Observation Car.
REDUCED ROUND TRIP RATES TO
EASTERN POINT**. -
E. S. BLAIR. Gen. Agt.. 633 Market «t.
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
629 KEAGNY ST. 'Established
tn 1854 for the treatment of I'rlvatA
Diseases, Lo*t Mannood. Debility or
dlwas* wearlnron body and mind and
Skin Diseases. The Doctor cures whrn
others fail. Try him. Charges low.
Cares |cnaraiitee*1. Call or writ*.
Dr. JT. I". «IBBO.\. Uau Francisco. Cai. _
LUBRICATING OILS, ; ENSIQN .; & McGUF-
FICK. 23 Spear. at., S. F. Tel. Main 6320.
Pioneer Dry ; Goods Store.
, LADIES' JERSEY, RIBBED BLUE VESTS
2 for 15c, 20c and 2oc Linen '< Collars at 3 for
25c, Large i I/inen Spools 2 for 5c, ¦, at 105 Fifth.
- PRINTINO. - "
EC HUGHES. --BrSS^
' PRINTERS, , BOOKBINDERS.
THE HICKS- JUDD CO., '
; ¦ ,23 First Street, San Francisco.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
ABSOLUTE SECURITY.
.Genuine GARTER'S LITTLE LIVER PILLS must
- ' bear signature of /&**%££**£
Very sstall and as easy
to take as sugar.
<*FP I A A n-rrriol F0R HEADACHE. CCC
bbb CARTERS FOR DIZZINESS. bLti
IS.BTTLE FOR BIL10USMESS. Anitfliun
GENUINE fvFR for torpid liver. GENUINE
9 PI LLS F0R CONSTIPATION.
WRAPPPR -H_l» FOR SALLOW SKIN. WRAPPFR
WKA^LK [gtoffl [FOR THE COMPLEXION
. CENUIMfi MUST NAVCUPNATUItC.
. 25 cSnts I Parely Vegetable. /^^>»^S^<S
"FRIZSTTED ON REID PAPER." .
STEP LIVELY
Is the order in the United States Laun-
dry. Quick and best work and prompt
delivery are our guiding principles, and
¦we're equipped "to serve all that come.
Our wagon Is at your service, whether
your order is by telephone, call or mall.
No saw edges. ,. .j,
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
Office 1 OO4 Market Street. '
Telephone— South 42O.
Oakland Off Ice— 54- San Pablo Ave.
GOMORBHffiA AND URINARY DISCHARGES
fiSlk ' rV H Sf f £S|l
A CURE IN 48 HOURS.
CJft CHICHCSTER'S ENGLISH
Pennyroyal pills
H -/CTV ©rt*l«al aad Only G«aolae. -
™-Vl«i 8Ara< Alwyi reliable. Ladlcr. Jilt Snt tff-t
>.<( C^, f.r CHICHESTER'S ENGLISH
if^^^P^i I" BED »ad Gold m«t»U!e Doxm. a «il«<l
*K -rr^Hjifv wlth hlao ribbon. Take «o other. R«Aim
T?1 W*> *?f» D*<«eeroa« Substitution* sad Imlta.
1/7" f/i tlon». Buy of y«ur Drvggln. or fend 4c. in
W' Jf itimipi for Psrtienlan, TentlaanUIs J
V "0* H> ud " Relief for Ladles," tn Utfr. if re- i
_A. " • P tarn MalL lA.OUOTotiBsaUla. Sold bj
— I all Drectfiu. Chieheatar (hemltnl Co,
Hantlsm Ud» paper. . Madison Hun, PD1UU J"i.
® ®®®(SX5)®®® S®®®^^
I DR. GREEN, Specialist. 1
I DISEASES OF MEN QUICKLY- CURED. 1
I £mmi Spreekeli Bsi'din^, Rooms 418-419. @
<S> "Office Hours: 10 A. M. to 3 P. M., 7 to 9 P. M. (2,
® Sunday*. 10 A. M. to 2 P. M. ®
® ®
®@®S)®iSXg)®®(gXSiXSXS)®®®®(S®
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
Santa Fe Trains
Leave Market-street Ferry Depot
I Local I Llm'd I Ovrl'd I Local
- ' I Dally I * I Dally I Dally
Lv. San Fran 7:20 a 9:00 a 8:00 p 4:20 p
Ar. Stockton. 10:18 a 11:43 a 11:10 p 7:18 p
" Merced.:. 12:22 p 1:17 p 1:19 a 9:11b
•' Fresno 2:05 p 2:33 p 3:06 a 10:50 p
" Hanford.. 3:12 p 3:27 p 7:06 a
" Vlsalla... S:40p 4:48 a
" Bkrsfleld. 6:15 p 5:20 p 7:30 a
" Kan. City 2:40a 7:30a
¦¦*• Chicago.. |. 2:15 p 9:00 p
a for mornlnc. ¦ d for afternoon.
•9:00 a. m. train Is the California Lim-
ited, leaving Monday and Thursday only,
carrying Palace Sleeping Cars and Dlntnjr
Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car run*
to Bakersfleld for accommodation, of local
first-class ¦ passengers. No second-class
tickets honored on this train. Correspond-
ing train arrives at 5:53 p. m. Tuesday and
Friday.
4:20 p. m. Is Stockton and Fresno local.
Corresponding train arrives at 12:30 p. m.
flatly. •
8:00 r. m. Is the Overland Express, with
through I Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
Free Reclining Chair Cars to Chicago: also
Palace Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno.
Corresponding train arrives at 5:55 p. m.
aally. ;,l
7:20 a. m.'ls Bakersfleld Local, stopping at
all points In -San Joaquln Valley. Corre-
sponding train arrives at 8:40 a. m. dally.
Offices— 641 Market street and In Ferry
Depot, San Francisco; 1112 Broadway. Oak-
land. ' * ~ ¦ " .._ '.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausallto Fmrrv.
Commencing April 28.. 190L
FROM SAN- FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL.
t WEEK DATS— 6:55. 8:30, »9:30. 11:00 a. m..
12-45 *1:45. 3:15. 4:15. 5:15. 6:45 p. m. .
' EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San
Rafael on Mondays, Wednesdays, Saturdays
and Sundays at 9:30 and 11:40 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 7 :C0. 8:00. »9:00. n0:00. 11:00. 11:30
a. m.. 12:45 »l:30. 2:30. »3:43. 5:00, 6:00. 7:30
p. m. 11:00 a. m. doe3 not run to San Rafael
Sundays. ¦ ¦ '
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentla
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK- DAYS— •5:23, 6:27, 7:47. 8:33, 10:13
a m. »12:23. 1:15. 2:20. •3:35. 4:40. 5:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:45 and 10:00 p. m.
SUNDAYS-6-.15. »8:00. 9:45. «ll:00 a. m.. »13
m.. 1:00. 2:15, »3:30, 4:30. »5:43. 6:45. 7:30. 10:10
p. m. * ¦ ¦
Trains marked f*> start from San Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
- WEEK DATS— 5:45. 6:43. 7:53. 8:55. 10:30
a. m.. 12:35, 1:45, 2:45, 3:50, 5:10. 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 6:35. 8:00. 10:05. -11:10 a. m.. 12:13
1:20. 2:30: 3:45.-5:00. 6:15. 7:15. 10:30 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
6:55 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way sta-
tions. ¦ . • .
3:15 p. m. Saturdays — Cazadero and way sta-
tions. . • l
5:15 p. .m. week flays (Saturdays excepted)—'
Tomales and way stations. ¦
6 a. m. ¦ Sundays— Cazadero and way stations.
10 a. m. Sundays — Point Reyes and way
stations. : ¦. -- ¦ ¦• ¦ . . -V;
MOtlNT TAMALPAI5 RAILWAY
VU 8m«MUi« »«rry— F«H of M*rk« St.
if*** m»n nun. "¦.' - "'.,-¦¦ »mvt uh r*», .
1^5P £*..-WEEK DAYS... <»:§'•«•
S.OOa. M.l ' fl2.15p.it.
9«0a.m. : 1:15 r. M.
10.-OOA.M. I, BUNDAYa -1.830 P.M.
U30 A. M. I ..BOHDAW....... < , 4:5O r
130 P. J*. . ,6-^0 P.M.
2JKiv.il.} ...--¦ l'7d0p.K.
r»ro. Saa rmdm *» frinclt uri Setm-n. $1.4« . .v
Ticket Offices. 621 Market St.. & SansalUo Ferry,¦ - - - ¦ ; — • . — ; — • • , ... ... - ¦ . .
'In reappointing' Alfred Austin to the office. of Poet.'
Laureate King. Edward lost the^opportunity. of his*
I life to -make a -ten strike as a connoisseur, of poetry. :
_ A Chicago clergyman is very firmly convinced that
there will be extremely few men in heaven. It is
quite evident that ths 'reverend gentleman has never
been out of Chicago. ... ¦
Once more it is" announced _that the Danish West
Indian islands are for sale, and it might be well for
Carnegie to'buy them and convert them into an ocean
RIGHTS OF CHILDREN-S. S., City.
The letter of inquiry relative to the rights
of legitimate and < Illegitimate children
while it contains a long, statement. , oi
facts, does'not contain certain facts which
are material to 'an It docs* not
state -where the party died, whether .the
property: is in ; the' United. States or In a
foreign country; it ' does . not set - forth
.whether; in; the will the party simply ig
nored the legitimate children or declared
that" his, children,- mentioning them ~ by
name,.were not entitled to any part of his
estate. -Without the .knowledge as . tc
these points r no - satisfactory answer." car
be furnished. ' '
A woman who recently, died: at Freehold,- N. J.,
willed her infant son and all;. his belongings to her
sister. The youngster is; likely to reach the conclu
sion before, he attains manhood that there . is some
thing after all in the assertion, that human;beings are
chattels. . . ,i- ; ; .
VALUE OF GEMS— X.X.X., City. The
market ¦ value of all : gems fluctuates ac
cording to the supply and .the demand,
also depends iupon : the. perfect quality oi
the individual • stone. Diamonds, for . in
stance, are valued according to siza. and
quality. 'A .three-carat stone of- pure
water color 'will bring; a certain price
while one of the same weight that is ofl
color, orhasai flaw, be it- ever so small
may not ; bring "one-third of the price oi
the pure one. \
WHAT. HE SHOULD^O— S., City. Th's
correspondent wants to know what to dc
In a game of poker when he has not ever
a pair. " Robert C. Schenck furnishes . ad
vice on that point. He says: "When on<
is in (as he ought seldom to be) withoui
even, so' much as a pair, his choice must
be either to ; discard four cards • or thre<
cards and draw 'to, the highest or tw(
highest in the hand, or throw away th«
whole hand and draw five, or look" conteni
and serious, stand pat and bet high." '_\.-,
what it is not.
We hope that this makes plain the position of The
Call and that our contemporaries understanding it
will antagonize it, if at all, for what it is, and not for
We oppose this ill adjustment of matters, though
the principle and purpose of reciprocity are abstractly
correct. Applied wisely it would seem that the in
dustries the longest and best protected and the most
firmly established and most abundantly capitalized
should be used in the interest of their juniors which
arc not as well established, are prosecuted at greater
hazard and more exposed to the risks of wind and
weather. t
OUR tariff system is intended to safeguard our
nv<nufacturing_and productive interests and
to furnish the opportunity for such prudent
and non-harmful abatement as may be found condu
cive to the extension of foreign trade. This abate
ment is the reciprocity feature of the system. In
regard to some of the pending reciprocity treaties,
it is our opinion thai they have not been properly'
adjusted. They take from certain horticultural in
dustries that are yet needful of care to give to manu
factures that have beer, long established and for de
cades, many of them ever since 1789, the object of per
sistent protection by the Government.
THE RECIPROCITY TREATIES.
TERRY-BRODERICK— W. P., City. The
only Information. that this department has
been ' able to obtain relative . to the^ pistols
that* were used "in the Terry'-Broderick
duel is,that aifter the duel, in September,
1859, 'they passed Into the possession of a
gunsmith named Lagarde and afterward
were returned to Terry, whose weapons
they were, and they were stolen from him
from a place where he had them in Stock
ton. r . ~*\1./'.^' :' ...
PROPHECY BY DAY OF WEEK-Ma
rie, City. Probably the following proph
ecy by day of week Is what you want:
Monday's child is fair of face,
Tuesday's child is full of grace, :\:';.iC
Wednesday's child Is merry and glad,
Thursday's child la sorry and sad.- -/
Friday's child is loving and giving?.-
Saturday's child must work for his living,
Sunday's child is blithe, borinle, good and gay.
UNITED STATES-AUSTRALIA-In
quirer, City. Tho latest figures on the area
of the United States in square miles Is 3,
507,640, which includes besides the other Ter
ritories Alaska, Hawaii and Indian. The
area of Australia, including New South
Wales, Victoria, Queensland, South Aus
tralia, North Australia and Tasmania, is
2,972,573. 5i>>:
"Say, pop," said little Willie, "what
kind of fruit comes from an ambush?"
"A bury," replied the old man. And si
lence reigned.— Philadelphia Record.
The number of persons employed by the railroads
as reported for June, 1900, was 1,017,653, or an aver
age of 529 for every 100 miles of line. • The amount
of capital outstanding at that date, was $11,491,034,960.
This amount assigned to a mileage basis represents
a capitalization of $61,490 per mile' of line. The
amount which existed in the form of funded debt was
$5,645,455,367. The amount of capital stock paying
no dividend was $3,176,609,698, or' 54.34 per cent of
the total amouni outstanding. The amount of funded
debt, excluding equipment trust obligations, which
paid no interest, . was $3*78,937,806. Of the stock
paying dividends, 10. iS per cent of the total amount
outstanding paid from 1 to 4 per cent, 14.56 per cent
paid from 4 to 5 per cent, 6.93 per cent paid from 5
to ,6. per cent,' 4.29 per cent paid From 6 to 7 per
cent, and 6.40 per cent paid from 7 to 8 per cent.
The amount of dividends declared during the year
was $139,557,972, which would.be produced by an
average rateof-5.23 per cent on the stock on .which,
some dividend was declared. ; The amount of mort
gage bonds paying no interest- was $266,874,623, or
5.44 per cent; of miscellaneous obligations $16,779,
175. or 3-6i per cent; of income bonds $95,284,008,
or 43.40 per cent. ,-, \ , . \ ' •
The long effort on. the. part of the commission to
compel the use of safety equipments on the roads
seems at last to have attained a high degree of suc
cess, for the report says.: "Practically all locomotives,
in. the passenger. service were fitted. with train brakes
arid of 9863 locomotives assigned to that service 7431
In the report are contained statistics obtained from
2023 railway corporations. . Of that number' 1067
maintained operating acounts, 847 being classed as
independent operating roads and 220 as subsiduary
roads. Of roads operate'd under lease or some other
form 'of contract 324 received a fixed money rental,
167 a contingent money rental, and 241 were operated
under some form of agreement or control not read
ily classified. The operated mileage of roads merged,
reorganized or consolidated during the year was
9.546.00 miles. The corresponding -figure for 1899
was 5846.35 miles.
FROM summaries just given out of the forth
coming report of the Interstate Commerce Com
mission it appears that on June 30, 1900, the total
single-track railway mileage in the United States was
193,345.78 miles, an increase during the year of
4051.12 miles being shown. This is a greater increase
than that for any other year since 1893. The States
and Territories which show an increase in mileage
in excess of 100 miles are Alabama, Arkansas, Cali
fornia, Idaho, Illinois, Iowa, Louisiana, Minnesota,
Mississippi, Nebraska, North Carolina, Oregon,
Pennsylvania, South Carolina, Texas and Oklahoma.
CHINESE IMMIGRATION— W.. Philo,
Cal. At the general election held In Cali
fornia on the 3d of September, 1879, a vote
was taken to obtain the views of trie
voters on the duestion of Chinese immi
gration. The vote stood 154,638 against to
833 for. A'>t s \
RAILWAY STATISTICS.
"WASHINGTON. Aug. 2.— The following
Californians arrived to-day and regis
tered: At the Raleigh. John O. Doyle and
wife, from San Francisco; at the Arling
ton, Frederick G. Knox, from Los An
geles.
Californians in "Washington .
SANTA ROSA PAPERS— L., Berkeley,
Cal. The newspapers published in Santa
Rosa. Cal., are: The Business College
Journal, The Farmer, Methodist College
Bulletin, • Pacific Methodist, the Press-
Democrat and the Republican.
Senator McComas of Maryland in discussing the
Schley-Sampson controversy is reported to have
said: "Should the decision of the court not co
incide with popular opinion, it is more than likely
that a Congressional investigation will follow." So
it looks as if the case were good for the. rest of the
century. ~ *.
TELEGRAPH WIRES— C. E. G., City.
The use of gutta percha for insulating
telegraph wires dates back to 1848, when
S. T. Armstrong of Brooklyn," N. Y.,,mado
use of that substance for the purpose
named.
MECHANICS 1 FAIR— Subscriber, Santa
Clara, Cal. There will not be any Me
chanics' Fair this year, and It is not
known at this time when the Mechanics'
Institute will hold another.. •
KNOCKED SHARKEY OUT—Subscrib
er, Red Bluff, Cal. In the fight between
Fitzsimmons and Sharkey, August 24, 1900.
Fitzsimmons knocked Sharkey out in two
rounds.
The classes of persons who should be registered in
order to exercise the right of voting at the primaries
have been frequently published, and it is not worth
while to go over them again. It is sufficient to say
that if any citizen does not know that his name is on
the register he should see about it to-day. This is
the last chance.
It is known that the bosses have been working hard
to carry a considerable number of the election dis
tricts. Perceiving that this is a Republican year,
they have directed their efforts mainly toward get
ling control of the Republican convention. Not sat
isfied with the aid given by Herrin and Gage they
have brought to bear upon city politics all the in
fluence that outside bosses may have. Their follow
ing is organized and is being directed with all the
skill the bosses have derived from their long expe
rience in slum politics. To defeat them it will be
necessary for all good citizens to go to the polls.
Representative government cannot be carried on un
less good men see to it that those who represent them
shall be good men.
The issues of the primary elections are fully as
important as any to be submitted at the municipal
election itself. Should the bosses be permitted to
elect their tools to the nominating convention they
will be able to dictate who shall be chosen as candi
dates. Tor office, and then the voters will have no other
choice than that of voting a boss ticket or of scatter
ing their votes for candidates who have no chance
of election. .:'
REGISTRATION for the primary elections
closes to-day. The citizen who fails to have
h'is name registered will by that neglect have
forfeited his franchise so far as the primary election
is concerned. He will have no voice in determining
who is to represent him in the nomination of candi
dltes by his party for the coming municipal election.
He will thus through his indifference to the perform
ance of a public duty have made himself a political
nullity, and to some extent will have served as a
creature of the predatory politicians, who are always
well pleased when good citizens do not register.
THE CLOSE OF REGISTRATION.
• WOMEN— T. A. S., Oakland, Cal. It waff
Heinrich Heine, 1799-1856, who wrote:
"Handsome women without religion are
like flowers without perfume." -;. ¦•-
ARTISTS' FUND SOCIETY— E.. Oak
land, Cal. The Artists' Fund Society of
New York City was established in 1859..
MASH-W. B., ' Alameda, Cal. The
word "mash" Is a contraction of the gypsy
word "mashada," which means "to charm
with the eyes."
INTEREST— Subscriber, City. A prom
issory note bears interest only when so
stated upon its face. .
J. Craig, proprietor of Highland
Springs, accompanied by his wife and
family, is spending ' a few days at the
Grand.. : "SA , -"[i, ¦.}.
Thomas J. Kirk, superintendent of the
State Board of Education, who resides at
Sacramento, is a guest at the Palace.
Dr. W, H. Waters, accompanied by his
wife, returned yesterday from an extended
tour of the East and Is at the Lick.
A. G. Wells, general manager of the
Santa Fe Railway, with, headquarters in
Los Angeles, is at the Palace.
- Fred - Glauner and H.- S. Monroe, both
mining men of Sonora, registered at the
Lick yesterday.
Hon. F. B. Gflenn of Jacinto Is staying
at the Lick.
P. L. Flanigan. a mining man of Reno,
New, is at the Grand.
W. D. Bannister, a mining man of So
nora, is staying at the Lick.
Superior Judge K. C. Hart of Sacramen
to is registered at the Grand.
Fred Doddi proprietor of the Hughes
Hotel of Fresno, is at the Lick.
, Julius Paul Smith; a'vineyardist of Liv
ermore, is a guest at the Palace.
M. E. Daily, a prominent attorney of
San Jose, is a guest at the Grand.
R. B. Burns, master mechanic of the
Santa Fe, is staying at the Palace. ; ,;v-
O. M. Hanya, banker of Modesto, is
spending a few days at the Palace.
PERSONAL MENTION.
A CHANCE TO SMILE.
, Mrs. Nags— If I should hear a. burglar
getting In the house I don't know what I
should do. • ¦ ~ ':
Nags (confidently)— On, you would prob
ably scream out. "Don't forget to wipe
your feet!" my dear, and scare him. off.—
Brooklyn Eagle.
"Th' nex' picture on th' pannyrama,
ladles an' gentlemen, is. Teddy Roosey
velt in th' den of performln* mountain
lions. You can readily distinguish Teddy
from th' lions by th' fact that he's got th'
most teeth!"— Plain Dealer.
Mrs. Naggs — Don't you know that wear
ing your hat in the house will cause your
hair to fall out?
Mr. Naggs— Yes; but' then I prefer to
lose it that way.— Chicago News.
"McLush claims to have traveled widely
since I saw him last, and one/flf the boys
tells me he has not been out of town."
- "But it is true, nevertheless. I saw him
dp it. He took up all of the sidewalk and
Imlf of the street."— Indianapolis News.
Choice candies. Townsend's, Palace Hotel*
Cal. glace fruit 50c pe» lb at Townsend's.'
Special Information supplied daily to
business houses and public men. by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Alain 1042. *
, w ¦ c-V-<
' Addition to self and subtraction from
others comprises some men's sole knowl
edge of arithmetic.
Best Way to the Yosexnite.
The Santa Fe to Merced and utase thence
via Merced Falls. Coulterville. Haze! Green.
Merced Big Trees. Cascade Falls and Bridal*
Veil Falls, arriving at Sentinel Hotel at 5 tao
next afternoon. This is the most popular rou:» *{
and the rates are the lowest. Ask at 611 Mar A 1
ket st for particulars and folder. '
Stops Diarrhoea and Stomach Cramps. Dr.
Siegert's Genuine Imported Angostura Bitters.*
"At least three or four years would be
required to build a graving dock in the
Philippines. It occurred to me that one
way to meet the situation was to tow a
dock to the archipelago. After careful
examination of the papers regarding the
Spanish dock in the harbor of Havana I
concluded that it would be suitable for our
for the national vessels of belligerents,
and had war occurred our situation would
have been most embarrassing.
SPANISH FLOATING DRYDOCK
AND ROUTE IT WILL ' BE
TOWED.
Total distance towed....... 11,918
If colliers are used to "tow the dock the
cost will not be more than $30,000.
purposes and recommended that It be
purchased. The dock is In need of only
a general overhauling and that can be
done at comparatively little expense."
Rear Admiral Bowles, In order to de
termine which method Is the least expen
sive, has suggested to Secretary Long
that he obtajn proposals from private
contractors for towing the. dock to the
Philippines. It is estimated that the
cost would approximate $100,000. Desir
ous of saving money, Rear Admiral
Bowles contemplates recommending that
naval colliers, specially fitted up. be or
dered to tow the dock to the Far Cast.
The route and the distance the dock
would be towed are thus stated by the
Navy Department:
Junes.
Havana to Canary Islands 3.100
Canary Islands to Gibraltar 700
Gibraltar to Port Said 1.920
Port Said to Aden.... 1.310
Aden to Colombo 2.130
Colombo to Singapore 1.270
Singapore to Manila .* 1.3SG
Manila to Olongapo, Subig Bay 100
'"'^¦':'-. Bowles, chief constructor of the
navy. Is taking steps for Its transportation
to it3 future station in Subig Bay, Island
of Luzon.
Had it not been for Rear ' Adinlral
Bowies' - foresight the dock would soon
have been in the possession of New York
capitalists, who had opened negotiations
for its purchase and were making final ar
rangements for the transfer when the
Navy Department stepped In and bought
if. . Lieutenant Commander Lucien Young
notified the Navy. Department on July 19
that he had formally taken possession of
the dock in- Havana.
Rear Admiral Bowles said that he did
hot believe, the cost of making repairs
would be great. ¦¦ — --,>-•
"Immediately after I assumed duty
here," he Continued, "the question of a
dock in the Philippines came up for ac
tion. In order to prevent deterioration,
each warship is docked every six or eight
months. As we have a large fleet in
¦Asiatic waters, .it was necessary to use a
'dock once in every ten days. Neutral
ports having drydocks are not available
ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
HAVING r been responsible for the
purchase by this Government of
the Spanish floating: drydock in
Havana harbor, - Rear Admiral
One must go to "Holy Willie's" prayer, to find
hypocrisy equal to. that, and to Bill Sykes for a viler
inspiration than was behind it.° : The Secretary of
State has nothing to do with sending liquor or any
other commercial article to our "newly acquired do
minions," and could .'neither , favor nor .prevent it.
Yet this fiendish fool conveys to his readers the im
pression that the Secretary of State,- having the power,
has ' favored and promoted the importing of liquor
into those. islands, and that Providence. has therefore
him sorely as a father.
Patience- with such creatures is so difficult* that it
ceases to be a virtue. . ,
• The cry of'the Hursts and Fergusons against it pro
ceeds by the use of mendacity and brutality that re
pel sensible, and decent people. There is, an idiocy,
a sheer cretinism, about these raving creatures which
amuses while it infuriates.- For instance," in the ar
ticle quoted from' the Christian Instructor the-edi
tor, after grinning, gloating and gibbering over the
sorrow of Secretary Hay, and informing him that God
killed his son purposely to punish him, asks: "What
will the Secretary do now? Will he still favor the
sending of liquor into the newly acquired dominions?"
The facts are that the morals, health and discipline
of the enlisted men were suffering from their abuse
of alcohol and soaking of vile liquor in the deadfalls
around the army posts. They cannot be restrained
from spending their time and their • pay thkt way.
Off duty, their time is their own, and their leisure was
not allowed to be spent in virtue for lack of vicious
temptation. Army officers, and especially the medical
corps, cast about for some remedy and found it in
the post canteen. Only light beer and wine were
sold, the expenditure of the men was limited, their
indulgence- was under discipline, the profits went
into a post library; the canteen was the enlisted
man's club, reading-room and library, and 1 in its en
joyment he was under the self-restraint of a gentle
man. If it were an evil in. any respect.it was a lesser
evil than the deadfall which it. supplanted.* There is
positively no evidence, outside the ravings of crea
tures who gloat over a father's grief, for the death
of his 'son, that the canteen was anything but an im
provement, a vast and visible improvement, oh- the
deadfall.
In the, foregoing is a fair statement of the conten
tion of these people, and of some of the means, ar
guments and pretended statements of fact by which
they attempt to prove their position.
We have no doubt that the wretch who wrote that
would have also rejoiced in the/ death* of Mrs. Me'-.
Kinley had it resulted from her recent illness, and
would have seen in it a judgment on the President.
The ghoul and hyena who runs the Christian In
structor so instructively feels a slight twinge, for he>
closes his vile attack by saying: "To some it may
seem unfeeling to write thus of a heart-broken pub
lic man. But we feel that it is time to speak out
so plainly that men may be led to think rightly on
this pressing and practical subject."
To show "that the President was favorable, con
amore, to the liquor traffic and- desirous of extending
it under his official patronage these people declared
with all positiveness that he was a drunkard and that
he and his Cabinet had a debauch in the President's
room at the Capitol on the last night of a session of
Congress. One of the organs of these people, called
"The Christian Instructor," published in Philadelphia,
gloats over the death of Secretary Hay's son, and de
clares that it was the direct work of .Providence to
avenge on the head of the Cabinet the sin of estab
lishing the canteen, and that: "If they will not heaV
the voice of reason and righteousness the judgments
of God may reach them in some unforeseen and un
usual form, so that all may see in it the hand of
God." • ¦
-The contention made by him and others like him
is thaj the President and War Department .willfully,
and for no good reason nor purpose, established
saloons — or, in the vocabulary of reform, "rum holes"
— at the army posts for the purpose of corrupting
and destroying the enlisted men. It is charged that
this was dene corruptly and flagrantly, at the demand
and procurement of the liquor league, or Rum Power,
or by whatever other names these people call it/" for,
the purpose of increasing the profits from- the sale
of red liquor. It is charged that among the enlisted
men murder, suicide and crime became rife as a re
sult of the opening 01 the canteen.
AN organ of reform published in this State prints
several columns by Mr. Hurst of Woodland
on The Call and the army canteen. We have
no further words with Mr. : Hurst, whose intemperance
of statement and conscientious avoidance of the truth
put him beyond recognition, except by a kick such as
is deserved by a cur who calls attention to himself
by snapping and snarling.
PACT AND FANATICISM.
.Joseph Chamberlain has not been very successful
as'an imperial statesman, but he is getting plenty of
praise just now for his virtue as. a citizen.- Despite
all the attractions/ of London and the pressure of
Ministerial affairs he keeps up: his connection with
Birmingham, takes a keen interest in municipal pot
tics and fulfills every civic duty. The example is one
that a good many rich Americans would do well to
follow. ,/;;.:/¦ /'"<¦_> ¦" '¦/'¦-•"
We repeat, however, that the oil producers are
doing well in making their fight in this open manner.
To them and to their attorneys something of public
gratitude is due. They are giving the people one
more object lesson on the evils of Herrinism, and
therefore are helping en the coming of the time when
that form of corruption will be forced out of our
politics. 1 ;
That the railroad men will do what they can to
make it easy for the Commissioners is already evi
dent. When asked to give definite information con
cerning some important factor in the case the head
of one department says he does not know, and the
information must be sought from the head of an
other department. Th'us the question is shifted along
the line. No one answers it a'nd no one is respon
sible for the lack of answer. Such evasions help the
commission a good deal, but in the end the issue
will be up to them. They will have to face it, and
there is no doubt as to how they will act. It is not
likely that as soon as the hearing is'over one of the
Commissioners will draw a type-written decision
from his pocket and read it at once, as Judge McKin
ley of Los Angeles read the Herrin decision in favor
of Kelly's so-called Republican County Committee a
short time ago,/but just the same the decision will be
forthcoming and neither of the Commissioners will
have had the^trouble of writing it.
It will be remembered that when the famous grain
'rate cases were before the courts Commissioners
Blackstock and Laumeister hobnobbed 'with Herrin,
drank his wine, shook his hand with glee and then at
his suggestion dismissed the cases. Mr. Herrin has
still a good deal of wine which he can put where it
will do mest good. His influence with the commis
sion has not lessened during the time the people have
not been looking. Still it is worth while to bring
the Commissioners to the front again, and compel
them once more to choose between official duty and
a Herrin dinner.
the people of California, and with the sympathy there
is joined something of admiration. A fight against
wrong and corruption is never without its "good
effect, even though it be defeated in every end that
it aimed at. It will not be wholly useless for the oil
men to. "once more bring clearly and impressively to
the attention of Californians the evil effects of* South
ern Pacific domination in this State. It is worth
while once again to bring the Railroad Commission
face to face with its duty under the light of a public
investigation. It is beneficial to once more reveal
the close relation between the commission and W:
F. Herrin. The lesson which in this case is about to
be taught the people is an old one, but it should be
iterated and reiterated until Californians have learned
it so well they will know how to act upon it. .
In making this fight, which is in the nature of a
forlorn hope, the petitioners have the sympathy of
Herrin, or at his dictation.
In fact, it is a foregone conclusion that the com
mission will uphold the railroad; and it would not be
surprising to the people if, after the decision has been
given, it should transpire that it was written by \W F.
ONCE more the representatives of a great in
dustry in California have applied to the State
Railroad Commission to obtain redress from
the exactions of the Southern Pacific Company bent
upon extorting from the industry. all the traffic will
bear. The. oil producers are seeking to obtain a'
transportation rate, on oil* from the producing dis
tricts to this city that will enable them to supply this
market on fair terms with their competitors, and they
have submitted their case to the State iCommission.
The hearings will of course-be watched and noted
with close attention by all who take an interest in
such matters, but it is to be doubted if there be a
sane man in the State who has any expectation that
justice will be done.
A FOREGONE CONCLUSION.
Despite- those appliances; however, the 'danger, of
accidents continues high. 'The report says: The
total number, of casualties to persons on account of
railway accidents during the year ending. June 30,
1900, was 58,185; ' The aggregate, number" of persons
killed in consequence 'of railway accidents, during the
year was 7865, and the number injured was 50,320.
Of railway employe's 2550 were killed and 39,643, were
injured. One summary shows .that in the course of
thirteen years ending June 30,- 1900, in consequence of
railway accidents, 86,277 persons were killed and
469,027 persons were injured. The injuries reported
varied from comparatively trivial injuries to those
of a fatal character. The casualties, for the period
mentioned occurred to persons as follows: Employes
killed 38,340, injured 361,789; passengers killed 3485,
injured 37,72g; other persons (including trespassers) ¦
killed -54,452;. injured 69,509. -'
were fitted with automatic couplers, and - ; nearly all
passenger cars were equally equipped." . •'•
SATURDAY AUGUST 3, xgoi
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. 8. LEASE, Hunger.
•lAXAGER'S OFFICE... '....Telephone Press 204
I'LliLlCATlO.V OFFICES... Market and Third, S. F.
' Telephone Press) 201.
I-DITOIUAl, BOOMS 217 to 221 Sterenson St.
Telephone Press 202.
• Deli-rered fijr Carrier*, 13 Cent* .Per Week.
' - Slnsfle Copies. 5 Cents. ¦'
• Terms by Mail, Including: Postage t
CAILX CALL, (including Sunday), one year ......$«. 00
DAXLT CALL Oncludinr Sunday). • months;......... S.OO
DAILY CALL, (including Sunday). S months 1.50
DAILT CALL— By Single Month.. .....^......... ............ 85c
BUKDAT CALL. One Tear .„.......—........•. 1-88
WEKKLT CALU One Te«r .. ~ 1.00
All postmasters are authorised to receive
¦nbserlptlons.
Sample eoplea •will be forwarded -when requested.
Kan robeertberB In ordertnc change of addres* should be
ptrtleular to tire both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS in order
to Insure a prompt and correct compliance with their request.
OAKX.ASTO OFFICE ..1118 Broadway
C. GEORGE KROG7HESS. :*•> '_ ; . •- _
Vts&gtr foreign AArertising, Mtrjnetto Bnildiag, Chicago.
<Lctr Distance Telephone "Central 2811.")
¦¦- <i- NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CARLTOIf .Herald Square
NEW TORK REPRESENT ATI V JS :
ITEPHEH B. SMITH .30 Tribune Building?
NEW TORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf-Astoria Hotel; A. Brentaao, SI Unloa Square:
IS. array Hill EoteL ' ' .
ORAKCH OFFICES— K7 Montgomery, corner of Clay, open
entfl I:SO o'clock. £00 Hayes, open until 9:50 o'clock. €33
McAllister, open until 9: JO o'clock. 615 Larkln, open until
•:*> o'clock. l»tt Mission, cp*n until 10 o'clock. 2261 Market.
corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock. lf>96 Valencia, open
cctfl t o'clock. 106 Eleventh, open until 9 o'clock. ¦ NW. -
center Twenty-second and Kentucky, open until 9 o'clock.
2J0O Fillmore. open until 9 p. m.
NAVAL COLLIERS TO TOW DRY
DOCK FROM HAVANA TO LUZON
THE SAN JfKANClSCU CAl^L, - SATURDAY, AUGUST 3, 190J
6
'Alcazar— "The Adventures of Nell Gwynue."
Grand Opera-house— :"The Senator." _
Central — "The Enslcn." - , N _/~
California— "The Case of Rebellious Susan."
Orpbeum— Vaudeville. . ¦
Columbia— "Garrett O'Magh." ¦v*"-,VVT
Olyrnpla, corner Mason and Eddy streets — Specialties.
Chutes, Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
evenlne. ¦* ; --- : .-
Fischer's— Vaudeville.
Recreation Park — Baseball. ' I .
Sutro Baths — Swimmine.
State Fair and Exposition. Sacramento— September 2 to 14.
Call subscribers contemplating: a. chamffe eC
reaiAeaee during: the rammer months can haT«
their paper forwarded by mall to their new
addresses Ity notifying: The Call Business Offloe.
This ptpct will also.be on sale at all summer
resorts and' Is represented by a local orient la
Ml tawci on the coast.
TO SUBSCRIBERS LEAVING TOWS FOR THE SUMMER.
AUCTION SALES.
By G. H. Umbsen * Co. — Monday. August 12, at 12 o'clock,
Real Estate, at 14 Montromery street.
THE "FATE OF , * THE SCIENCE I
THF ' • OF
WASHOE SEERESS. DRIVING. |
life Story cf Mrs. Sandy Bowers. By Wa'tir Morosco.
ARE THERE TWO MYSTERY OF THE |
OF YOU? % > GUNNISON.
==(sunday)^=
; DOWN MOUNT HOOD CALIFORNIA'S MOST
, ON Ai^^SB - ' REMARKABLE
V HUMAN T0B0G6AN. BUND 6IBL
r-; MOUOTTAMALPAIS TWELVE PAGES OF
AS A HUMAN
NATIWIAL PARK. INTEREST STORIES.
AMUSESIEHTS.PRINCIPALS IN HOME WEDDING
AT "WHICH THE REV. FRANK S.
BRUSH WILL, OFFICIATE.
Ringgold. D.D.j Knoxvtlle; R. H. Star, D.D..
New York. ¦
Lay— B. L. Wiggins, Suawanee; George M.
Darrow Murfreesboro; W. D. Gale, Naahvllle:
W. E Norvlll, Nashville.
. TEXAS— Bishop George Herbert Kensahonlgr.
D.D.
Clerical— C. M. Beclrwith, Galveston; H. D.
Aves, D.D., Houston; Frank Page, Waco; John
O. Carter, Galveston.
Lay— George A. Robertson, Waco: M. A.
Westcott, A. N. Leltnaker. John H. Robinson.
TOliJO. JAP AN-"-B!shop John McKlm. D.D.
VERMONT— Bishop Arthur C. A. Hall, D.D.
Clerical— J. I. Bliss, D.D., Burlington; T. B.
Foster Rutland; D. L. Sanford. Billows Falls;
W J. Harris, D.D., Barre.
La.y e L. Temple. -Rutland : George Brlargs,
Brandon; W. Seward Webb, Burlington; Hen
ry Wells, Burlington. _^
VIRGINIA— Bishop Frank McNclll Whittier.
D.D.: coadjutor, Bishop Robert Atchlson
Gibson. D.D. •_
¦ Clerical— Angus Crawford. D.D.. Georgetown;
W Meade Clark, Richmond ; Landon R. Mason,
Richmond; George W. Nelson. Warrenton
Lay— Joseph Bryan, John G. Williams, John
L Williams. Joseph Wllmer.
WASHINGTON, D. <?.— Bishop Henry Yatea
S 'clerical- J.' H. Elliott, D.D.. Washington: R.
H. McKim, D.D.. Washington: Alex Mackay
Smith. D.D., Washington; Alfred Harding,
A.-Truesdell. Henry E Pellew.
Washington; Arthur S. Brwri«', Rock Creek;
Charles H. Stanley, St. Phillips' Parish.
WESTERN TEXAS— Bishop James Steptoe
Johnson, D.D.
Clerical— A. J. Holworthy, Corpus Christl.
Lay-T O. Philllbert, Corpus Christl.
"WESTERN MICHIGAN— Bishop Georg* «•
Normandie Glllespie. D.r>.
Clerical— C. T. Stout, Traver?* City: J. N.
McCormlck, Grand Rapids; R. H. F. Gardner,
Grand Rapids; G. Forsey Muskegon
Lay— A. J. Mills, T. Hume. Muskeron; W.
R. Shelby. J. Klelnhaus. Grand Rapids.
WESTERN NEW TORK— Bishop William
David Walker. D.D.
Clerical— J. WT. Ashton, D.D. (Mean; C. F.
J. Wrigley, Buffalo; H. W. Nelson. D.D.,'
G«neva.
Lay— W. B. Rankln c. Niagara Falls: Daniel
Beach. Watkins; R. A. Slbley. Rochester; W.
K. Adams, Canandaipua. '
- "WESTERN MISSOURI— Bishop Edward Rob
ert Atwill. D.D.
Clerical— Cameron Mann. D.D.. Kansas City;
R. Talbot. Kansas City: J. Stewart Smith.
Kansas Cfty: G. Heathcote HUIs. St. Joseph.
Lay— "Wallace Pratt. Kansas City; C. H. V.
Lewis, Kansas City; E. C. Brown, St. Joseph;
H. H. Harding. Carthage.
"WEST VIRGINIA— Bishop George William
Peterkin. D.D.. LL.D.; coadjutor. Bishop W.
1«l Gravatt. D.D.
Clerical— S. S. JJoore, D.D., ParkersburK; J.
S. Gibson. Huntington: J. Brittlngham, Wheel-
Ing; R. D. Roller. D.D., Charleston.
Lay— W. S. Laid ley, Charleston: General
Spillman. Parkersbursr : J. Frapnell, Charleston:
J. D. Du Bois, Wheeling.
The only route having through sleeping
car service between San Francisco and St.
Louis daily.' Stop-overs allowed ; at : Salt
Lake City. For full information ask 1*.
M. Fletcher. 126 California street. - *
"The Missouri Pacific Limited."'
Articles of Incorporation of the Elliot
Draying and Teaming Company were filed
yesterday. The capital stock is $15,000, of
which 512,000 has been subscribed. —
The directors are Francis P. Elliot.
Henry R. Pateraon, Fred N. Elliot, Henry
B. Schmidler and Albert H. Elliot. K
Draymen Incorporate.
Petitions in insolvency were filed In the
United States District Court yesterday as
follows : George Dutra, engine inspector
Fruitvale, liabilities $249 40, assets $37; Ed
ward E.. Burris, farm laborer. Sonoma
liailities $2292 10, no assets; Winfield S.
Galehouse, farmer, Sacramento, liabilities
$196120, no assets.
Three Insolvents.
"Society girls never toil, but they some
times spin," says Mrs. Chauncey de Wit
Jn her column on clothes in this week's
News Letter. She tells just what society
girls of San Francisco are amateur dress
makers and what they can make. It is
interesting. The Looker Qn and
Bird are a winning team at, the telling of
true stories, and their departments fairly
bristle with witty and inreresting tales
on notables. "The Street^porner Philoso
pher" Is a poet withal, and he will furnish
observations from time to," time , on San
Francisco and its vanities.- This -week he
philosophizes on "The Five . O'Clock Pa
rade." The "Town Crier" is like an after
noon cocktail. 'It burns a little, but it
suits the taste.- . ; . - - - r • •
To-Day's News Letter.
Samuel Greenberg, a process. server, ap
peared before Judge Cabanlss yesterday
on the charge of battery, and the case
was continued till Tuesday., The complain
ing witness is Mrs. Pessy Goldstein, 13
Morris avenue, who alleges that Green
berg called at her house last Tuesday to
serve a summons upon her and beat her
without any provocation. \->c"?
Battered by Process-Server.
It may have teen carelessness, it may
have been defective machinery, whatever
the cause a Japanese known as Fred, .but
whose real name is I. Nonogasn, was
fatally crushed last evening by the side
walk elevator belonging to the drug firm
of Boericke & Runyon. at 231 Sutter street.
The accident occurred at 6 o'clock, just
as the store was closing for the day. It
was the duty of the Japanese to close the
doors covering the elevator shaft. He got
on the elevator and started upward, but
was caught between the body of the lift
and the sidewalk and so badly mangled
that the physicians at the Receiving Hos
pital have no hopes of his recovery.
A Japanese Fatally Crushed.
With the knowledge that the charter is
defective pn that point. City Treasurer
Brooks hfes been for months importuning
Mayor Phelan. as the head officer of the
municipality, to count the money in his
safe. Mr. Brooks beReved that this
course was necessary for his own pro
tection, although the charter is silent on
the subject. The Mayor has delayed com
plying with the request of the Treasurer
on the plea that he was not required to
count the coin. Finally Phelan agreed to
perform the job, and at 5 o'clock Wednes
day, accompanied by Secretary Fay, he
entered the Treasurer's office and began
¦•he work of counting the money.
/Phelan evidently forgot the unpleasant
experience of the municipality in the Wid
ber affair, for he proceeded to "heft" the
bags of gold and silver coin. Simply by
their supposed weight did the Mayor as
certain to his own satisfaction whether
they contained $10,000 In gold or $1000 in
silver. He labored exactly one hour in
hefting Jl.S89.5e9 61. which the vaults con
tained. The amount was .only 8 cents
short of the actual sum called for by the
books. His Honor perspired freely with
his exertions and aftenrfard departed sat
isfied that the money was all there. Of
the total amount, $1,500,000 is in the Joint
custody safe and $205,304 in the outer
vault,, the rest being made up of other
accounts.
Among the other defects . contained in
the charter there is no provision made
for the counting of the money in the city
treasury. The only safeguard Is the
"joint custody safe," to which the Audi
tor and Treasurer alone have access. The
outer vault, however, is used by tha
Treasurer's deputies and contains several
hundred thousand dollars at all times, but
no check is provided by the charter for
the safety of the coin therein.
Mayor Phelan counted the coin in the
city treasury on "Wednesday evening by
the same "hefting" method which he util
ized when Augustus Widber was Treas
urer of this city and county, and as a
result of which that official was enabled
to steal $116,000 from the vaults, for which
he Is now serving a term In State's prison.
After a lapse of nearly half a century
J. A: Reis, A. S. Baldwin and M. H. Mead
are to get back the money loaned to the
State for the purpose of carrying on an
Indian war. Such is the effect of a de
cision of the Supreme Court yesterday,
which ends litigation extending over the
period since 1S56.
According to an act of the Legislature
passed on May 3, 1S52, and known as the
."'Indian war bond loan," the State bor
rowed nearly a million dollars to conduct
campaigns against Indians in the northern
counties. It was expected that Congress
would pay for the wars, and in the event
that there should be no help fro-m the
National Government it was stipulated
that, although the State should be liable
for the amount borrowed, interest: should
not be paid for a, period longer than ten
years. -
In 1S54 Congress appropriated $924,
259 65 to pay off the loan. In 1856 it was
found that the State owed in principal
and interest $1,150,043 32. It was then con
tended on the part of the State that as
the Congressional appropriation had been
exhausted the rest of the debt would have
to go unpaid. This contention was not fa
vorably entertained by the creditors and
litigation was commenced.
Some of the claimants have lost their
money by reason of legal technicalities
and others have kept up the fight. In the
cases of Reis, Baldwin and Mead the
lower court sustained their claims. Appeal
was then taken to the Supreme Court by
the State and the Judgment was affirmed.
Reis gets about $35,000 and the other tw,o
together about the same amount. Accord
ing to the original act interest for only
ten years can be collected. Although the
money was for the most part loaned at
12 per cent, the investment was hardly
a good one, as the funds have been lying
dormant for about forty years.
Mayor Forgets Lesson of
Treasurer Widber's
Defalcation.
Indian WarrBond Fight
/Ends After Half
. Century.
ORDERS STATE
TO REPAY LOAN
The body will be removed from the un
dertaking parlors at 917 Mission street at
10:15 Sunday to the lodge rooms of Mis
sion Lodge, F. and A. M., Mission street,
between Twenty-second and Twenty-third
streets, whence It will be taken to the
crematory.
Mr. Marx came to the United States
from Germany at the age of 10 years and
settled in Alabama, where he had. two
brothers who were large planters, and re
mained there until the gold excitement in
California, in 1S49, and he then started for
San Francisco via Panama, where he was
compelled to remain some months on ac
count Of the steamer being disabled, and
did not arrive 'n San Francisco until Feb
ruary, 1850, and went directly to the mines
and remained there some time, afterward
going to Idaho as an Indian fighter, and
in the early '60's went to Nevada and there
engaged in the forwarding business for
the railroad at Toano, where he remained
until 1876. He then made an extended trip
to Europe and returned to the United
States, settling near Napa on a ranch
known as Ellt Park, which is considered
one of the most beautiful homes in Napa
County. Early in the <'80's he made an ex
tended trip, visiting all the principal
places, around the world, accompanied by
his wife. Mr. Marx had been ailing for
the last six or eight months, and two
weeks ago was removed to Lane's Hos
pital, where he died.
Mr. Marx was best liked where best
known. He has been a generous giver to
many worthy societies, and though done
without ostentation his benevolences
have been many and far reaching. He
was a whole-souled man, from whom men
sought and never failed to receive good
advice and. assistance. He v will be
mourned by a wide circle of " acquaint
ances.
F. F. Marx, an old pioneer, died at
Lane's Hospital last evening at 6 o'clock
from a complication of diseases.
Old Pioneer Gone.
PHELAN AGAIN
HEFTS THE COIN
A pretty home wedding will be
celebrated this evening when Dr.
Frederick R. Starr and Mrs.
Stella H. M. Zeigler will join
hearts and hands. ¦ The wedding,
which will be of .the simplest character,
will take place at the residence of the
bride-to-be at 552 O'Farrell street, the
ceremonies to begin at 8:30 o'clock.
Rev. Frank S. Brush, rector of the
First Presbyterian Church of Alameda,
will be the officiating clergyman and
there will be no attendants. Only the Im
mediate relatives of the contracting par
lies will be the wedding guests. After
the nuptial knot has been tied a supper
will be served. " 0
Dr. Starr will take his bride to Hono
lulu for their honeymoon trip. The couple
expect to remain away for a period of at
least two months. On their return they
will take up their residence at 651 Vallejo
street, where they will begin housekeep
ing.
Dr. Starr is well and favorably known
among the members of his profession, in
which he has been uniformly successful
for a number of years.' He was connect
ed with the Emergency Hospital of the
Health Department for a term, where he
established an enviable record. Mrs.
Zeigler is a sister of Ernest Mott of this
city. She came to this city from. Wash-
There was a largely attended meeting
of the Caledonian Club last night in
Scottish Hall, and when Chief MacPher
son announced that this year's games
had been successful financially, and other
wise most gratifying, the greatest enthu
siasm prevailed. It was suggested that
the next banquet should be held in one
of the leading hotels, instead of as here
tofore in Scottish Hall, and the sugges
tion was favorably received. Several new
members ¦were elected. .
After business had'been disposed of ex-
Chief Angus McLeod read a carefully pre-,
pared and most interesting paper on the
Canadian Scot, whose forefathers, he said,
had been evicted from the highlands of
Scotland and had made homes for them
selves and their descendants in Canada.
He referred to those who had become fa
mous in statesmanship, the professions
and in commerce, and after paying a
glowing tribute to the Canadian Scot as
a man, he concluded:
"Our people are at peace with all the
world, and especially with the greatest of
all nations, over which proudly floats the
Hag of stars. Hand in hand with his near
pst neighbor the Canadian Scot is march
ing peacefully \ and proudly on, making
strides in all \ that pertains to the ad
vancement of civilization and the better
ment of the condition of their fellow-men.
Chief Angus McLeod in Scot
tish Hall.
Interesting Address Delivered by ex-
CAIiEDONIAUTS HONOR
THE CANADIAN SCOT
Mrs. Annie S. de Ronde of New York,
who is visiting her* brother, Alexander
Bergen, of the firm of Trobock & Ber
gen, fruit commission merchants of this
city, has gone to the Yosemite Valley for
a few weeks.
The Ladies' Council will resume its
regular weekly meetings at Bush-street
Temple on August 5. Tea will be served
to ' members and their friends.
The members of the Castro Social Club
have reorganized under the name of tho
Zamona Club;" with rooms at Mission Par
lor Hall. Invitational socials will be held
every second and fourth Saturdav.
Miss Evelyn G. Sresovich has returned
home from her summer vacation.
Theodore Lowe has left Ross Valley and
is now at Congress Springs.
Miss Etta Gianelli of Stockton is vis
iting Miss Lillian Molloy of this city.
Mrs. Kallmann, Miss A. Kallman and
Miss C. Kallmann have gone to Camp
Meeker.
Mrs. Rose Eppertshausen and her sis
ter. Miss Mamie, have returned from their
Eastern trip. At home, 1019 Geary street.
• • •
Mr. Mike Michael and Miss Gussie
Michael of Louisiana, Mo., were the hon
ored guests at a reception given by Mrs.
Eva Licht on Sunday evening, July 28,
at her residence, 145 Second street. Those
present were: Mike Michael, Miss Gussie
Michael, Miss A. Seis, Miss Gussie
Kaufman. Miss Flora Greeti, Miss Millie
Hlrsch, Miss Rose Hirsch. the Misses
Ray and Janette Anshel, Mrs. J. Simon,
Miss Florence Licht. Mr. and Mrs. Max
E. Licht, Professor J. Simon, G. Gensler,
O. Barrent. S. Licht, Abe Green. Charles
L. Licht, Joseph Licht and Henry Kauf
man.
The Summer Quartet, consisting of Miss
Matilda Euphrat, Miss Maud Phillips,
Miss Hattle Brownstone and Miss Min
nie Nathan, gave a dance last Thursday
evening at Dncinal Hall, Alameda. More
than three hundred invitations were is
sued, and the affair was a decided suc
cess both financially and socially. Charles
Brownstone and Miss Matilda Euphrat
led the grand march. The young ladies
of the quartet acted as floor man
agers, and the reception committee con
sisted of the Misses d'Ennery, Nettie
Israel. Lizzie Jacobs and Cecilia Green.
The proceeds will be devoted to charity.
• i ;'•".;. *
ington. D. C, and has resided here for
several years.
MARQUETTE— Bishop Gershom Mott Wil
liams, •¦D.D.
MARYLAND— Bishop William Tanet, D.D.,
LL.D. t ¦•--¦¦-
Clerlcal-J.- H. Eccleston, D.D.; J. 8. B.
Hodges,. D.D. ; E. Betiner and W. E. Dame,
D.D., Baltimore. " •
-Lay — J. W. Randall, Annapolis; Joseph
Packard, S. Wilmer,:.W. Key«er, Baltimore..
MASSACHUSETTS— Bishop William Law
rence, D.D.. LL.D. • .
Clerical— J. S. . Lindsay, D.D., Boston; O.
Hodges D.D., Cambridge; A. H. Vinton. D.D..
Worcester; E. W. Donald, D.D., Boston.
Lay — E. L. Davis, Worcester; C. G. Saun
ders, Lawrence; A. J. C. Snowdon, Boston; R.
T. Paine, Boston. .
MICHIGAN— Bishop Thomas Frederick Da-
Vles, D.D., LL.D. . - .
Clerical— R. W. Clark, D.D.. Detroit; Henry
Taclock, Ann Arbor; John McCarroll, , Detroit;
W. S. Waters, Detroit. ¦ ' .
Lay— Theo. H. Eaton. S. D. Miller, H. F.
Baldwin, Detroit ; W. H. , Worthington, Jack
son.
- MICHIGAN CITY, Ind.— Bishop John Hazen
White, D.D. ¦•- ,»•'
Clerical— J. H. McKenzie, Lima; A. W. Sea
brease. Fort Wayne; E. "W. Averill, Peru; "W.
S. Howard, Michigan City. :
Lay— Robert H. Carnahan, Stuart McKibben,
South Bend: Walter Vail, Michigan City;
James S. Dodse Jr. :
MILWAUKEE— Bishop Isaac Lea Nicholson.
D.D.
Clerical— W. W. Webb, D.D.. Nasholah: C.
L. Mallory. Kenosha'; A. . Piper. D.D.. Racine;
A. II. Barrlnsrton, Janeaville. ; .
• Lay— L. H. Morehouse, " G. E.' Cooeland. G.
H.. Francis. Milwaukee; E. S. Wrliht, Port
age.
MINNESOTA — Bishop Henry Benjamin
Whlpple. D.D.
Clerical— T. W. Mashan, Mlnnear>olls : C. A.
Toole, Faribault: C. C. Raltlt,. Red Wing; C.
E. Haupt, St. Paul.
Lay— C. Horton, Winona: W. H. Llghtner,
St. Paul; H. F. Stevens, F. O. Osborne. St.
Paul. .
MISSISSIPPI— Bishop Hugh Miller Thompson.
D.D., LL.D. .
Clerical— George C K Harris, D.D., Mount
Helena; Nowell LoKan,- D.D., Paes Christian;
W. R. Dye, Columbus; H. H. Messenger, Sum
mit. ;,
Lay — George T. Green, W. W. Moore, Port
Gibson; A. C. Leigh, Grenada; J. C. Purnell,
Winona. ,
MISSOURI-Blshop Daniel Sylvester Tuttle.
D,D.
Clerical— J. R. W^indiester. D.C. St. Louis;
C. M. Davis, St. Louis; E. P. Little. Hannibal;
W. A. Hatch, Monroe.
Lay— J. R. Triplett, D. F. Leavitt, St. Louis;
P.' J. McMaster, B. G. Chapman.
MONTANA— Bishop Leigh Richmond Brewer,
D.D.
Clerical— S. D. Hooker. Dillon.
Lay— F. W. Webster. Great Falls.
NEBRASKA— Bishop Georgo Worthington,.
D.D., D.C.L.; A. L. Williams, Coadjutor
Bishop. \ ¦
Clerical — Campbell Fair, D.D.," Omaha.; John
Williams, Omaha; Canon A. E. Marsh, Central
City; Irving P. Johnson, South Omaha.
Lay— J. M. Woolworth, C. J. Phelps, Cle
ment Chase, Omaha; C. J. Phelps. Schuyler.
NEWARK, N. J.— Bishojj Thomas Alfred
Starkey, D.D.
Clerical— George S. Bennett, D.D., Jersey
City; W. W. Holley, D.D., Hackensack; Ed
win A. White, Bloomfleld;"W. M. Hughes,
D.D., Morriatown.
Lay— Cortland Parker. Newark; Alfred Mills,
Morristown; Henry Hayes, Newark; E. G.
Stevens, Hoboken.
NEW HAMPSHIRE— Bishop William Wood
ruff Nllea, D. D., D. C. L.
Clerical— Daniel C. Roberts. D. D.. Concord;
Joseph H. Colt, D. D., Concord: Edward A.
Renouf. D. D., Keene; Lucius Walconeau, D.
D., Claremont. ;
Lay— Frank W. Rollins; Robert J. Peaslee,
Manchester; Josiah .Carpenter, Horace A.
Brown, Concord.
NEW YORK— Bishop Henry Codman Potter,
D. D.. D. C. L.
Clerical— Morgan Dix. D. D., New York; E.'
A. Hoffman, D. D., New York; W. R, Hunt
ington, D. D.. New York; D. H. Greer, D. D.,
New York.
Lay— J. Plerpont Morgan. New York; W. B.
Cutting. New York; Seth Low. New York.
NORTH CAROLINA— Bishop Joseph Blount
Cheshire Jr.. D. D.
Clerical— M. M. Marshall D. D.. Raleigh; T.
J. Murdock, Salisbury; J. McK Pittinger, .Ra
leigh; Julian E. Ingle. Henderson.
Lay— John Wickes, Charlotte: R. H. Barth.
Raleigh; W. \ L. Loudon, Pittsboro; J. C.
Buxton, Winston.
NORTH DAKOTA — Bishop S. C. Edsall,
D.D.
. Clerical— L. G. Moulton, Valley City.
'Lay — B. S. Russell. Larimore.
OHIO— Bishop William Andrew Leonard,
D. D.
Clerical— E. W. Worthington. Cleveland; C. S.
Ives. Norwalk: A. L. Frazer. Youngstown; C.
D. Williams, D. D., Cleveland.
Lay— S. C. Mallen. H. C. Ranney. Cleveland:
T. M. Sloane. Sandusky; T. H. Walbrldge.
OKLAHOMA— Bishop Francis Key Brooke.
D. D.
OREGON— Bishop Benjamin Westar Morris.
D. D.
Clerical — A. A. Morrison, W. E. Potwlne.
William S. Short. William Horsfall.
Lay— James Laldlaw, George H. Williams, F.
Cloften, W. J. McCormlck.
PENNSYLVANIA— Bishop Ozi William Whit
aker. D. D.. D. C. L.
Clerical— William H. Bodine. D. D., Phila
delphia; C. S. Olmstead, D. D., Trala; John
Fulton, D. D., Philadelphia.
Lay— George C. Thomas, J. Vaughn Mer
rlck, Francis A. Lewis, Philadelphia; Rowland
Evans. Hanerford. .
PITTSBURG, PA.— Bishop. Cortlandt WTiite
head, D. D.
Clerical— R. W. Grange, Plttsburg; E. H
Ward, D. D., Pittsburg; J. H. McCandless
Smethport; F. S. Spalding. Erie. .
•Lay— J. -W. Brown, George C. Burgwin. W
J. .Mullins, Pittsburg: J. W. Reynolds, Erie
QUINCY. ILLINOIS— Bishop Alexander Bur
gess, D. D., LL.D.; coadjutor-elect, Frederick
William Taylor. D. D.
Clerical— C. W. Leffingwell, D. D., Knox
vllle; R. F. Sweet, D. D., Rock Island; W. H.
Moore. Quincy; S. G. Jeffords, Peoria,
Lay— H. A. Williamson, Quincy; Alex de
Soland, Rock Island; E. J. Parker Quincy
T. B. Martin, Galesburg. . '
RHODE ISLAND— Bishop Thomas March
Clark, D. D.. LL.D.; coadjutor,. William Nel
son-McVickar. D. D.
Clerical— E. H. Porter, Pawtucket: F. J. Bas
sett. D. D., Providence; George McC. FIske
D. D., Providence; E. S. Ronsmamere. Provi
dence.
Lay— John H. Stlness, Rathburn Gardner S
R. Dorrance, E. S. Babbitt, Providence.
SACRAMENTO— Bishop William H More
land, D. D. ..- .,
Clerical— John Partridge, Petaluma. ' '
SALT LAKE, UTAH— Bishop Afciel Leon
ard. D. D. • '
SHANGHAI, CHINA— Bishop Frederick Ro
gers Graves, D.D.
SOUTH CAROLINA-Bishop Ellison Capers,
Clerical— John Kershaw. Charleston: James
G. Glass, Summerville; W. L. Gittens Beau
fort; H. J. Mikell, Charleston. ..
Lay— C. S. Godsen. Charleston; L. A Emer
son, Columbia; R. W. Shand, Columbia- S T.
Pointer. Sparkensburg. ¦ '
SOUTH DAKOTA— Bishop William Hobart
Hare. D.D.
SOUTHERN FLORIDA— Bishop William
Crane Gray, D.D. '
SOUTHERN OHIO— Bishop Thomas Augustus
Jasrgar, D.D. ; coadjutor. B. Vincent, D.D. .
Clerical — John Hewitt.. Columbus ; ¦ J. H Ely,
College Hall; Paul Matthews, Cincinnati; John
D. Hills, Dayton. .
Lay— E. Morgan Wood, Dayton ; John D. Van
Deman, Columbus; A. N. Whiting, Columbus-
C. W. Short,' Fern Bank. .
SOUTHERN VIRGINIA— Bishop Alfred Ma
glll Randolph, D.D..L.LD.
Clerical— J.J. Lloyd, D.D. , Lynchburg; B.'
D. Tucker, D.D.. Norfolk; ¦ R. J. McBryde,
D.D., Lexington; Carl Grammer.'D.D. Norfolk.
Lay— W. W. Old, « Norfolk; R. E. Wllkens,
Wytheville; C. M. Blackford, Lynchburg; W.
A. Anderson.' .
: SPOKANE— Bishop Lemuel" Henry Wells,
D.D. . (
Clerical— H. M. Bartlett, North Yaklma.
Lay— J. P. M. Richards. Spokane.
SPRINGFIELD. 111.— Bishop George Frank
lin Seymour. . D.D. •
Clerical— Frederick W. ' Taylor. D.D. Spring
field; F. A. de Rosset. Cairo: Alexander Allen
Springfield : J. G. Wright, Greenville.
Lay— M. F. Gilbert. Cairo: C. E. Kay, Spring
field ; William • J. Allen, Springfield ; Bluford
Wilson. Sorinfrfleld. . .
i TENNESSEE— Bishop Thomas Frank Gailor,"
D.D. ¦ " ; 1 •
Clerical— W. T. Manning, D.D.. Nashville:
F. T. Davenport, D.D., Memphis; Samuel
Until a very short time ago tjie Oriental
Mission entertained the very loftiest . es
teem for Frank Kane's measures. Now
the war is on, and In the Washington
street home unkind things afe said of
him. In December of 1900 Kane displayed
a zeal and ardor in the rescue of mal
treated Chinese slave girls worthy of his
title. At that time he rescued San Jung
from a doubtful future and had; her placed
in the care of Mrs. Lake at tne Oriental
Home after securing the guardnanship pa
pers. The child was- given =every care
and attention and all went well: for a time.
But then the break came and ihe Metho
dist Mission ladles in charge o£ the home
say that not in thirty years 5 .has any
such experience befallen thfir labors.
They know San Jung'and her*llfe's his
tory, and that Is why Kane ijiust go> to
court . before the Chinese &ir| may; be
taken 'from the home. , ?- .
Up at the Oriental Home, at'912 Wash
ington street, it is claimed thai Sajj Jung
was sold into slavery for $102 when she
was 2 years old. For fear of*thi> possi
bility that the child might agaiw # forced
into slavery her present custd<J1Sins will
not give the girl up. Kane h^V. written
letters to the Oriental Home «J«mandlng
the delivery of the girl, whom fve wishes
to place in the -family of ChJttn Wing
Chung, a Chinese merchant, n^vidlng at
754 Washington street. Chan Wing is a
married man with a family. Kane de
clares that it will benefit the mission and
its ¦work if the Chinese girl is placed with
the merchant and his family, arid prom
ises a speedy return of San Jung to the
home if conditions should be different
from what they seem. Mrs. Lake and
Miss Margaret Lake of the Oriental Home
cannot understand why Chan "Wing
should want San Jung when he has a wife
and family of his own. So Kane will have
to fight for the possession "of his ward.
Frank J. Kane of the Pacific Society
for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals
and Children and the Suppression of Vice,
and the Oriental Home are quarreling.
The cause of the trouble is # Chinese girl
6 years of age now In possession of Mrs.
Lake, of the Methodist Mlssioji. and over
whom Kane has the court rights of guard
ianship. Kane wants the girl, whose name
is San Jung, and the Oriental Mission
refuses to deliver its charge, tin Judge
Cook's court at 10 o'clock thiis morning
the entire matter will be brought up for
settlement on a,, writ to produce the body
of little. San Jung. t
HE last of the conventions of the
ill • different dioceses embraced In the
Ml .: Episcopal church of the United
II States has been held, and the dele
. gates to the triennial convention
of the church have been elected. VThe In
dications are that the coming assemblage
will be a notable one. ~
The work appointed for it Is deemed. of
great importance for the future of the
church.- The attendance, promises to be
the greatest ever known. . Every _ delegate,
so far as heard from, will be accompanied
by members of his family, and the aggre
gate will tax the hospitality of the city to
Its greatest extent. The eloquence of -the
church will be splendidly represented at
the October convention. .
Subjoined Is a list of delegates: .
¦ ALABAMA— Bishop R. W. Barnwell, X>.T>. .
Clerical' delegates — J. G. Murray, Birming
ham; E. W. Spalding, D.D., New Decatur; T.
J. Beard, D.D., Birmingham; W. C. Whitaker,
Tuskaloosa. :
Lay delegates— Messrs. J. H. Fitts, Tuska
loosa; F. Johnston, E. H. Pearson, . Birming
ham; J. E. Mitchell, Mobile.-"
ALBANY, N. T.— Bishop, Rt. Rev. William
Croswell Doane, chairman House of Bishops. •
Clerical— W. W. Battershall, D.D., Albany;
Joseph Carey, D.D., Saratoga Springs; Edgar
A. Enos, D.D., Troy; R. M. Kirby, D.D.. Pots-
Lay— Messrs. Leslie Pell-Clarke, Springfield
Center; Spencer Trask, Saratoga Springs; John
I. Thompson, Troy; Louis Hasbrouck, Ogdens
burg.
ALASKA— Bishop Peter Trimble Rowe. D.D.
ARIZONA AND NEW MEXICO— John Mills
Kendrick, D.D. •
Clerical— E. A. Penick, Phoenix; MY C. Mar
tin, El Paso.
Lay— Judge Hawkins. B. ¦ Bradford Prince,
ARKANSAS— Bishop Willam Montgomery
Brown, D.D. „,
Clerical— C. H. Lockwood, Helena; w. D.
Williams D.D., ! Little Rock; G. Gordon
Smeade, 'Little Rock; W. D. Buckner, Pine
Lay— Messrs. P. K. Rools, Little Rock; J. T.
Rogers, Fort Smith; Joseph A. Reeves, Cam
den: John T. Hicks, Searcy.
ASHEVILLE— Bishop J. M. Homer, D.D.
Clerical — Rev. McNeely Dubose, D.D. ¦
Lay — Charles McNamee. -
BOISE— Bishop J. B. Funston, D.D.
CALIFORNIA— Bishop William F. Nlcholls,
Clerical— F. W. Clampett, R. C. Foute, John
A. Emery. Robert Ritchie.'
Lay— W. B. Hooper. A. N. Drown, V-incent
Neale W. A. M. Van Bokkelen.
CAPE PALMAS. Africa— Bishop Samuel
CENTRAL NEW YORK— Bishop Frederick
Daw Huntington, D.D.
Clerical— J H. Edgar, D.D., Rome; John
Brainard, D.D., Auburn; F. W. Westcott.
Skaneateles; John Arthur, Oneida. '
Lay— Charles Andrews, Syracuse; R. J.
Hubbard Cazenovla; A. H. Sawyer, Water
town: Charles S. Sinons, TJtlea.
CENTRAL PENNSYLVANIA— Bishop Ethel
"lerical— H L. Jones. D.D., Wilkesbarre ;
Georse C. Fo'ley D.D.. Williamsport; James F.
Powers D.D.. Pottsvllle; G. H. Sterling, D.D..
South Bethlehem. ¦ - „,,„.».
Lay— C M. Clement. Bunbury; H. M. North,
Columbia; W. R. Butler, Mauch Chunk; w. F.
CHICAGO— Bishop William Edward McLaren,
D D • C P Anderson, coadjutor Bishop.
Clerical— W. C. DeWitt, Chicago; T. C. Wol
cott Highland Park; E. A. Larrabee, Chicago;
W. J. Gold. D.D., Chicago. -
Lav— E P. Bailey, Chicago; D. B. Lyman,
Chicago; H. J. UUman. Chicago; E. H. Buch-
Bishop John Franklin Spalding,
Clerical— C. T. Grimes, Denver; J., W. Ohl,
Salida; T. H. Hickman, Evergreen; Henry
Marlvn Hart. D.D.. Denver.
Lay-A D. Parker, Denver: W. H. White
head, Golden; W. H. Spalding, Denver; W. F.
Stone, Denver. _
CONNECTICUT— Bishop Chauncey ; Bunce
B cirric e a r jf-E: D S. Lines, D.D.. New Haven; S.
O Seymour. D.D.^.Litchfield: O. H. Rafterty,
Portland • F. W. Harriman, Windsor.
Lay— Burton Mansfield New Haven; James
J. Goodwin, Hartford; M. W. Seymour, Bridge
port; Charles B. Chapman, Norwich.
DALLAS, Texas— Bishop Alexander Charles
Clerical— Hudson Streck. Dallas; Edwin Wick
ens Dallas; R. B. Ramage, Fort Worth; H. H.
Johnston. Corsicana. ;
Lay— T W. Scallard. Dallas; F. H. Sparrow,
Fort Worth; E. A. Belsterling, E. H. . Luigo,
DELAWARE- Bishop Leighton Coleman,
D aerical-J. L. McKlm. Milford; K. J. Ham
mond. Wilmington; G. C. Hall. D.D.. Wilming
ton- F M. Munson. LL.D., Newcastle.
Lay— E Minot Curtis, Chewark; E. R. Sipple.
Clayton; W. P. Orr, Lewes; E. G. Bradford,
Wilminston. ' ¦
DULUTH, Minn.— Bishop James Dow Morrl-
S0^! \ST CAROLINA, N. C— Bishop Alfred Au
gustln Watson, D.D.; LL.D. ' _.
• Clerical— N. Harding, Washington ; R. B.
Doane Edenton; James CarmichRei, D.D., Wil
mington: T. M. N. George, Newbern.
• Lay— W. J. Lamb, Williamston, W. Caiaer,
Wilmington: B. R. Huske. Fayetteville; W. B.
EAsVoN. Tenn.— Bishop William . Forbes
Adams D.D., D.C.L.
Clerical— E. R. Rich, Kaston; J. G. Grant,
Berlin; T. C. Page, Cambridge; A. J. Vander
bogart. Salisbury. ' „,. „ ' ' •- '±1
Lay— G. M. Russum, Denton: - W. Muse; W^.
Collins, Queenstown; W. H. Gibson, Centerville.
FLORIDA— Bishop Edwin Gardner Weed,
D.D.
Clerical— V. W. Shields, D.D., Jacksonville;
W H Carter. D.D.. Tallahassee; P. H. Wha
ley Pensacola: Brooks H. White, Jacksonville.
Lay— G. R. Fairbanks, Fernandina; W. W.'
Hampton, Gainesville; R. D. Knight, Jackson
ville: G. S. Kallmack.
FOND DU LAC, Wis.— Bishop Charles
Crampton Grafton, D.D.; R. H. Weller Jr.,
Clerical— F. S. Jewell, D. D., .Fond du Lac;
W. R. Gardner, D.D., Algoma; H. S. Foster,
Green Bay: B. T. Rogers, Fond du Lac.
Lay— E. R. Herren, Fond du Lac; N. W. Sal
lade. Fond du Lac; F. A. -Brown. Marquette;
G. W. Zerber, Plymouth.
GEORGIA— Bishop Cleveland Kinloch Nel
son. D.-D. .
Clerical— Albion W. Knight, Atlanta; F. F.
Reese. D. D., Macon; Troy Beatty, Athens; C.
C. Williams, - D. D.. Augusta.
L a y Henry C. Cunningham, Savannah; Z.
D. Harrison, Atlanta; W. K. Miller, Augusta;
B. M. Davis, Macon.
HAYTI— Bishop James Theodore Holly. D. D.
INDIANA — Bishop - Joseph Marshall Francis,
D. D. •¦ •-¦¦¦.
Clerical — H. M. • Dtnslow, • Muncie; J. D.
Blanley, Indianapolis; J.- E. Sulger, Terre
Haute; F. O. Grannlss, Richmond.
Lay A. Q. Jones, Indianapolis: J. M. Wint
ers; L. B. Martin, Terre Haute; J. P. Hawkins,
Indianapolis. .-. '¦*
IOWA— Bishop T. N. Morrison, D. D.
Clerical— J. H. Lynch, Ottumwa; F. W. Kea
ton Dubuque; George H. Cornell, D. D., Sioux
City; J. E. Cathell, D. D., Des Moines.
Lay— S. H. Mall ory, Charlton; G. F. Henry,
Des Moines; S. Mahon, Ottumwa; J. L. Beaver,
Cedar Rapids.
KANSAS— Bishop Frank Rosebrook Mells-
P^lerical— A.' Beatty, D. D., Newton; J. W.
Sykes, Topeka; A. Watkins, Ellsworth; C. B.
Crawford,' Topeka.
Lay— J. w. Macomb Jr., D. P.'Bllsh, Atchl
son; W. E. Winner, R. W. de Lambert.
KENTUCKY — Bishop . Thomas Underwood
Dudley, D. D. • _
Clerical— C.' E. Cralk, D. D.', Louisville; J.
G Minnegerode, D. D., Louisville: J. K. Ma
son, D. D., Louisville; Renerdy Kstill, D. D.,
Louisville. ¦
Lay— W. A. Robinson, Louisville; Alvah L.
King, Louisville; R. W. Covington, Bowling
Green; J. E. Rankln, Henderson.
LARAMIE— Bishop Anson Rogers Graves,
D D. ' , * ' . - ;
LEXINGTON, . KY.— Bishop Lewis William
Burton, D." D. '•'... • .-
Clerical— R. L. McCready, Frankfort; H. H.
Sneed Georgetown; R. G. Noland, Covington;
B T. Le« Jr., Lexineton.
. Lay— Fayette ' Hewitt, Frankfort; William H.
Cox, F. H. Dudley, ,Winchester; H. C. Hudg
ins, Mlddlesborough. ' :i ' . .
LONG ISLAND— Bishop Abram Newkirk. Lit
tlejohn, D. D., D. C. L.
Clerical— Reese F. Alsop, T>. D., Brooklyn;
J G Bacchus,' D. D., Brooklyn; S. D. Me-
Connell, D. D., Brooklyn; H. D. Waller, Flush
ing. ¦ ¦ ¦ •--; ¦ " - "'-¦¦.'
j ja y^.-Wilhelmus Mynderle, 'Brooklyn; John
"A. Nichols, Brooklyn; George Foster. Peabody,
Brooklyn; H. E. . Turrepont, Brooklyn. ¦ ¦
LOS ANGELES— Bishop Joseph Horsfall
Johnson, L. L. D.
Clerical— J. D. H. Browne, Los Angeles; H.
B. Restarick, San - B. W. R. Taylor,
Los Angeles; A. G. L. Trew, Los Angeles.
Lay— D. Cleveland, San Diego; H. T. Lee, Loa
Angeles; J. B. Phillips, Pasadena; .T.L. Win
der, Los Angeles. ¦ . -' : - v .•'
LOUISIANA— Bishop Davis Sessums^D. D. -
Clerical— J. Perclv.il. D. D; New Orleans; C.
H. Waters, D. D., New Orleans; H. C. Dun
can,' D. D., Alexandria; J. H. Spearing, Shreve
port.. - ' ¦""', ¦ ¦ ¦ ' ' ¦ ' '¦• ¦ ' •
•Lay— W.' S. ¦ Parkinson, James McConnell. . G.
R. - Westf eldt. New Orleans ; T. - McGailllard.
MAINE— Bishop Robert Codman, , D. : D. ¦¦-
> Clerical— G. : B. Nicholson, Watervllle; C. S.
Lefflngwell, Bar Harbor; I. C. Fortin, Lewis
ton; ;C- M. Sells, D. D.; Portland; .
- . Lay — John Marshall Brown, Portland; John
M.Glldden; Newcastle; Annie Davenport, Gard
iner; tGeorce E. s Hughe B .' :
'-•---¦ '-..'"'¦.• i ... ¦ v
Matter Will Come/ Up Be
fore Judge Cook for
Hearing. ; :'/;
Kane Are the Bel
/ ligerents. I
- — >— t
Oriental Home and Frank
Representatives; From Every State, and
Diocese and Distant Missionary De
pendencies Will Be Here Next October
CHINESE MAIDEN
CAUSES A FIGHT
EPISCOPALIAN HOSTS PREPARE
FOR GREAT TRIENNIAL CONVENTION
THE SAN FBA1SC1RCO CALL, &ATUEDAY, AUGUST 3, 1901.
Dr. Frederick R.$tarr and Mrs; Stella H. M.
• Zeigler Will Be* United in Bonds of Wed
lock This Evening at Home the Bride
WILL JOIN HEARTS AND HANDS
AT SIMPLE BUT PRETTY WEDDING
7
MATINEES TO-DAY AND TO-MORROW. -
LAST TWO NIGHTS OF
"THE SENATOR"
Beginning MONDAY EVENING NEXT,
T. DANIEL FRAWLEY
Will Present.
A Colonial Romance Entitled,
"TOLL GATE INN."
By LANGDON McCORMICK.
PRICES— 10c. 15c, 25c, 50c, 75c.
Good Orchestra Seats All Matinees 25c.
' Branch Ticket Office Emporium.
MATINEt TO=DAYT. 25c 50c, 75c.
TO-NIGHT.
MR. JAMES . AND THE
AAPT/f / NEILL
/ V ALuJ M Mm* Ma* COMPANY.
Presentins
The Case of Rebellious Susan
EVE 25c, 35c. 50c, 75c, Jl
Bargain Matinees Every Thursday,'
' — 25c and SOc / —
TO-MORROW NIGHT— "THE AMAZONS."
SEATS NOW READY.
|^yLilJifaOll4 LEADING THEATRE
MATINEE TO-DAY.
To-Nlght and Sunday— La«t Times.
The Distinguished Irlsh.Comedian.
CHAUNCEY ULiOi-J 1 1
In the New Irish Comedy,
GARRETT O'MAGH.
Written by APGtTSTTTS PITOU. Manager.
Beg. NEXT MONDAY, Aug. 5,
Charles Frohman's
EMPIRE THEATER COMPANY,
Presenting Henry Arthur Jones' Greatest Play.
MRS. DANE'S DEFENCE.
SEATS NOW READY.
MONDAY NIGHT ORDERS Must Be Taken
up by MONDAY NOON.
CHUTES and ZOO
SPECIAL TO-NIGHT!
BIG CAKEWALK!
&„„, BLACK BARTONS
— OF NEW YORK VS.
THE STEWARTS
OF SAN FRANCISCO.
- Telephone for Seats— P^trk 23.
BASEBALL.
SAN FRANCISCO~ys. OAKLAND.
TO-DAY AT 3:15 P. M.
SUNDAY AT 2:30 P. M.
RECREATION PARK.
Eighth and' Harrison streets.
T^TQrWPP'^ CONCERT HOUSE.
rlbl/nfcn D Admission IOc.
CHARITY. MARTIN, PIETRO BUZZI. O. S.
Wanrell. Mabel Rutherford, Jennie Metzler.
Nellie Bruce, Hopper and » Hopper and Karl
and Bayle. '
Reserved Seats, 25c. Matinee Sunday.
SUTRO BATHS.
OPENNICHTS.
OPEN DAILY FROM 7 A. M. TO 11 P. M.
Bathing from 7 a. m. to 10:30 p. m.
ADMISSION. 10c CHILDREN Bo
Bathing (Including admission) 25c, Children 20a
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
' It is now a settled fact that dandruff Is
caused by a germ. Falling hair and bald-
ness, are the .result of dandruff. Dr. E.: J.
Beardsley^of Champaign, 111., got hold of
the new hair preparation,- Newbro's Herpl-
cide— the- only, one that kills tho» dandruff
germi. He says:- "I used Herpiclde for my
dandruff and. falling hair, and, I am well
satisfied with the result."/' Dr. J. T. Fu-
gate . of tUrbana, UK, . says: '< "I ; have used
Herpiclde : for dandruff with : excellent re-
sults. I ¦ shall prescribe . it in my ; prac-
tice." ' Herpiclde : kills , the dandruff "germ.
Physicians ,as ¦ well ; aa ihe general public
Bay so." . .
Saps the Hair's Vitality.
Dandruff Is Caused by a Germ That
SCIENCE SETTLES IT.
.;-_¦_;._ '.- . ADVERTISEMENTS.
corrMOMT lie* n tmc wmth a ukili oo. Cincinnati
SWEET.RESTORERS.
tjLREP cannot be imitated except in
"appearance, neither can Ivory Soap.
1 There are other "white soaps that
look like Ivory Soap, this is a penalty which
it pays for its great success. But you are |
not deceived, there is only one Ivory, the
others are imitations of its perfections. !
_ 99**6 PER CENT. PURE.
Eventnsrs at 8. Matinee Saturday at J.
A .TREMENDOUS OVATION!
Grand Opera Season
AI jj A TO-NIGHT
P |(i0I FTTO M^eTo-Day
lUUVLLl IU en d Sunday Mght.
Next Week— "IL TROVATORE" and "LUCIA-
POPULAR PRICES— 23c. 50c 73c
TeleDhone Bush 9.
MATINEE TO-DAY (SATURDAY) An*. 1
Parquet, any seat. 23c; Balcony. 10c; children.
10c, any part except reserved.
VAUDEVILLE
FROM THE NEW AND OLD WORLD!
MOLASSO-SALVAGGI TROUPE. ALEXAN-
DRA DAGMAR, STANTON AND MODENA
AND THE BIOGRAPH. SHOWING
LAUNCHING OF THE SHAMROCK TT.
Last Appearances of THE 3 BROOKLYNs"
MURPHY AND NICHOLLS, ARRAS AND
ALICE, ED. F. REYNARD and AMETA.
*r Mttsrt art nz\\
MATINEE TO-DAY AND TO-MORROW
(SUNDAY).
TO-NIGHT AND SUNDAY EVENING. "
LAST NIGHT— The Magnificent Production of
the Great Naval Drama,
THE ENSIGN
JAMES M. BROPHY In his favorite role as th*
Ensign Ben Baird. An Unusually
Strong Cast.
PPIf HC Evenjngs: ...10c. -c, 23c, 33c, SOc
I alWLJ Matinees 10c. 13c, 23o
NEXT WEEK— Extravairant Spectacular Pro-
duction of "MONTE CRISTO."
flL-r HIAT.R BlHT
ANOTHER WINNER'. LAST 2 NIGHT3.
A Splendid Revival.
FLORENCE ROBERTS
Supported by WHITE WHITTLESEY. '
The Adventures of
NELL G WYNNE.
Seats 15c. 23c. 33c. 50c and 75c.
MATINEE TO-DAY.
SALE NOW ON FOR NEXT WEEK. *
Costly Presentation,
"CAMILLE."
»»«* These hotels possess
AN]) the attributes that tour-
Ists and travelers ap-
£QANT\ predate— central loca-
bKAWf Uon, liberal manase-
PATBT C - ment, modern appoint-
ilUlEJUJ) ments and perfect cui-
sine.
. San American and Euro-
pean plans.
Francisco.
THE WEEKLY CALL
$1 per Year,
ABHTSEIOaTTS.
ATVI 1 1 Si U IWP! WTSNew York Money Market.
There Is nothing, new to report. .The shiD-
Beans and % Seeds.
San Francisco Meat Market:
Dealers quote a .quiet and unchanged mar
ket. ; '. . "-;,\ -V.. . ;-•
Wholesale ra te^|f rom slaughterers to ' dealers
are as follows: Li : ¦•',-.; " -
BEEF— 6<JTC%c'foT Steers and 5®6o per lb for
COWI. ' ' 'JwT^'-Z '-':¦"' '.¦'•••/
f- VEALA-Large.*7@8c; small. 8@9c per lb.
MUTTOM- Wethers. 7@8c; Ewes. 7©7V4c oer
pound. - -, ¦ ¦' ~ ¦ . '
LAMB— Spring, *8%@9c' per. pound. •
* PORK— Live i Hogs, 200 lbs and under, t%@
6%c: over 200 lbs. 6c; feeders. — -: sow*. 20 oer
"WASHINGTON, Aug. 2.— To-day's statement
of the Treasury balances In the' general fund
exclusive of. the $150,000,000 gold reserve - In ' the
division of redemption, shows: Available cash
balance. $177,351,051; gold, $100,275,279. •
Condition of the Treasury.
.There were 19 cars of Hay on the tracks, and
dealers reported a very, fair, demand ' from the
retailers. 1U Feedstuffs were unchanged.
¦ BRAN— $18 50@19 per, ton., •-.'. ' : .. '
MIDDLINGS— $19 50<@21 per toiu
' ' FEEDSTHFFS- Rolled .. Barley, -, *16@17 BO nrr
ton; 'Oilcake Meal at the mill, $25@26; Jobbing
$26 50, Cocoanut Cake, $17018; Corn Meal $30 fa
@31 50; Cracked Corn. > $31@32; Mixed Feed/ $17
• •¦ HAT— Wheat. $7@9 &0: choice.' $10;' Wheat and
Oat, • $6 50@9; Oat. 1 $6@8 50; Barley j> and Oat
$6®8; Alfalfa, $7@9; Clover,. $5 50@7; Volunteer'
$4 50@5 50.'' ;\-.' .-.; '•"'•¦¦.•• [ ¦-¦¦*-. ' ¦'.'- .- •¦.-,-.'
STRAW— 25@42%c per bale. .
Hay and:Fcedstuffs:
LONDON. Aug. 2.— Anaconda, . 9 ; Atchison
75%; do prefd. 97% ; Canadian Pacific 110%-
D. & R. G.. 43; do prefd, 93%; Northern Pacific
prefd. 91; Southern Pacific. 56%. Money 1®»
per cent. Bar silver, quiet. . 26 15-16d per ounce.
CLOSING.
NEW YORK. Aug. 2.— The Commredal Ad
vertiser' s , London financial cablegram says:
To-day's was a holiday-making market here.
Americans were dull on the news about the
steel strike, but such ' movement as ' there ' was
had no significance. ' The market repaid further
large loans due to-day. Gold to the amount
of £10,000, was withdrawn for Natal.
London Market.
FLOUR — California Family Extras, $3 23®
$3 50, usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $3 15@3 25;
Oregon, $2 50<§2 75 per barrel "for family and
$2-75@3".for bakers' ; : Washington bakers'," $2 73
gg. - ¦• ¦ . .'. :: -. ;¦ ' •¦>¦'. , ,< . - ¦
. MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks . are as fol
lows, usual' discount to the trade: Graham
Flour. $3 per 100 lbs ; Rye Flour, $2 75- Rve
Meal, $2 50; < Rice Flour. $7; Corn Meal. $3 05.
extra cream .do. $4; Oat Groats. ¦. $3; Hominy'
$4<ff4 25; , Buckwheat Flour, $4@4 25;. Cracked
Wheat. $3 50; Farina, $4 50; Whole Wheat
Flour. ; $3 25: Rolled Oats (barrels),', $6 8508 35-
In sacks, $6 50@8; Pearl Barley. $5; Split
Peas,- $5; Green Peas,' $6 50 per 100 lbs.
Flour and.Millstuffs.
All descriptions remain as previously quoted
HIDES AND SKINS-Culls and brands sell
about l%c under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers, 10%c; medium,- MJlOc: light. 8%@3c;
Cow Hides, 8%(Q;9c \ for heavy and 8%@9c for
light: Stags, 6'ic: Salted Kip,'9%c; Salted Veal
9%©10c; Salted Calf, 10c; Dry Hides 16@lC%c;
Culls, 14c; Dry Kip. 16c; pry Calf. 17®17%c;
Culls and Brands, 14igil5c; Sheepskins, shear
lings. 15@30c each; short Wool. 30@50c each*
medium. 50;S7oc: long AVool. 75c@$l each; Horse
Hides, salt. $2 50@2 73 for large and $2@2 23 for
medium, - $1 50@l 75 for small and, 30c for Colts-
Horse Hides, dry. $1 75 for large. $1 50 for me
dium, $1 25 for. small and 50c for Colts. Deer
skins—Summer or red skins. 35c; fall or medium
skins. 30c; winter or thin skins. 20c. Goatskins
—Prime ¦ Angoras, 75c ; large • and smooth. 5oc :
medium. 35c. - * ¦
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4%c per lb; choice
5c: No. '2 3%@4c; grease. 2%<S3c.
' WOOL— Spring. - 1900 or 1901— Humboldt and
Mendocino. 14@15%c: do. Lambs', lie per lb*
Northern, free. 12@13c: defective. 9®Uc; Middle
County. ¦ free, ¦¦ lOigllc; ¦ do. defective. 8@10c-
Southern,. 12 months. 8@9c; Southern, free. 7
months, 7@10c; do, defective. 7 months. 7@8c-
Oregon Valley, fine. 14®15c; do. medium and
coarse. 11(3130; Oregon. . Eastern, choice. ll©13c
do. fair to good. 9@llc; Nevada. 10@ll%c Fali
— San Joaqutn Lambs', 7%@9c
. HOPS— 15@20c per lb. , >¦
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
: It has been • another weather , market for . the
cereals. Following the .. break ; of ¦ last week,
however. ' wheat and > oats appear • to ¦ have ¦¦ di
verged from corn prices. The natural reaction
due 1 to ! liquidation has weakened ; wheat, aided
by, good: spring , wheat ;: crop, reports, ; record
breaking receipts of the new winter wheat and
Shoe manufacturing • Is active, despite some
midsummer quiet in selling directions and
leather Is strong; . particularly for heavy:varie
ties of ¦ sol* Hides are • steady :. at ' the East
and i tend ¦ up ¦ at Philadelphia and . Western
points. '.¦-.¦. .-.¦,-.- ¦¦:-! '¦'¦'¦¦•¦¦.¦,,¦•,¦-'¦
¦ The woolen mills are ' filled ¦ with orders for
fall delivery and . the 6prlng- weight season' has
opened encouragingly. . Wool is being taken' in
1 lberal amounts by . the manufacturers and 1 a
firm, as is also . the London ! market,- at which
buying for America is. reported liberal. Sugar
is irregular and rather ¦ slower :' In > demand.
Lumber is rather quiet. In sympathy : with the
advanced - stage - of - the season, . but - prices for
white pine are firmly held. Prospects for the
ending of the steel; strike and. the better tone
of crop prices have made • the iron and ' steel
situation more cheerf uL . For . the first ' time
in ¦ some ; weeks spe.cial activity Is noted In , the
cruder forms, due . to the buying of . 70,000 tons
of Bessemer . and basic plgiron by ., the -, largest
single Interests. Finished products' ; are : as ac
tive :. as ever and . all -leading bar mills are
reported ' filled up i with orders : to . the end • of
the year." : '¦:¦¦-¦¦•:'¦ '. .'¦ ¦¦ ¦¦ -;:. .f. ..•••-.*¦
Copious rains throughout the western half
of the country have had the predicted effect
of producing a more cheerful tone, and the
f ealing is decidedly more hopeful than it v.-as
a week or two ago.. Rains practically Insured
a large ' spring wheat crop, although the
damage already done appears to have been
serious, judging from the strength of the corn
market Itself and the advices of heavily re
duced yields which are reiterated from the sec
tions affected. Bradstreet's advices point j to
the early corn crop ] as practically a failure I In
the leading surplus-producing States west of
the Mississippi, but late, corn undoubtedly has
been saved and as time elapses estimates of
production are being raised. From the rest of
the country trade advices are In the main quite
cheerful and despite the Intense ' heat and
drought of July an extraordinarily large busi
ness appears to have been done, which Is re
flected In the bank clearings for that | month.
Cotton crop conditions improved in the South
as a result of the recent rains and trade ad
vices are correspondingly more cheerful. • Pa
effle Coast crop advices ¦ are also better, al
though shipping activity is ¦ interfered with .'at
San Francisco by a strike. - The Northwest
will " produce crops largely I in', excess of last
year, and a heavy fall trade Is anticipated > in
that section. The < poorest advices naturally
come from the Central : West ' and Southwest,
but it Is significant that points like Kansas City
report that cancellations have stopped and that
the outlook is muchbetter. ¦ .-..-•: ¦-
NEW YORK. Aug. 2.— Bradstreet's to-mor
row will say: .
CURED MEATS— Bacon, 12c per lb for heavy,
12%c for light medium. 13%c for light. 14%o for
extra light and 16c f or sugar-cured ; Eastern
sugar-cured Hams. 13%@14c; California Hams
13@13%c: Mess Beef. $1150 per bbl; extra Mess
$12; Family, $13; prime Mess • Pork. $15; extra
clear, $23; Mess, $19; Smoked Beef. 13%@14c
per : lb. • /
LARD— Tierces quoted at 7@7%c per lb for
compound and 10%c for pure; half-barrels pure
10%c: 10-lb tins, ll%c; 5-lb tlns..ll%c.
COTTOLENE— One half-barrel, 9%c; -three
half-barrels. 9^c: one tierce. 9%c; two tlercea.
9c; five tierces. 8%c per lb.
¦ The "market is quoted- firm, but not very
active. @?Sf@ .'•'
Provisions.
I CHICAGO, Aug. 2.— At the opening of the
corn market the news was bullish from a new
source—the Northwest,' where, it. was said the
area of heat and drought had extended Itself,
to the detriment of the ! plant. Nebraska
drought news added to , the . bullishness. Sep
tember opened , with salesfrom 5S@59c, the lat
ter figure being lc over yesterday's close. Crop
reports from Iowa and certain other portions
of the corn belt were more cheerful, so that the
bulls did not have everything "their own way.
Liquidation by longs, who had profits in sight,
however, proved , to be ' the factor destined to
shape the course of prices. Selling for the lo
cal account brought out ' stop loss orders ami
September tumbled from Its pinnacle - to 57% c
before the bull party asserted itself and forced
the price up to 58%c. Here the support weak
ened and the liquidation bought afresh, with
the result that September declined to 57c and
closed weak, %c under yesterday at 57%c -.
¦An advance at Liverpool and sympathy with
corn, together with light Argentine shipments
influenced wheat at the opening, • which was %
@%c higher for September, at . 69%@69%c.
Trade for a few moments only was of a general
character,' thereafter the trade was of a scalp
ing order in which the ; influence of corn was
plainly seen. Excellent prospects for the spring
wheat crop and stagnation of the. export busi
ness .were, further influences .which .worked
against I the ] price during the remainder j of the
session. - The market. yielded slowly but surely
and during the ; afternoon September Uouched
68%c. The close was easy, ,%@%c lower at 68%
@G8%c. -.' • , .-¦.. ,-;-., ,-.. _¦. ¦:, :¦:¦:- ) "
. The oat market | generally . was Inactive with
the • feeling ¦ nervous. -. September closed %c
lower at' 34%c. , , '. ' ';
¦ Provisions were dull but steady early in sym
pathy with. an advance at the- yards and on a
slightly improved outside demand. •-- Later, feel
ing was 1 easier with , corn. , September < pork
closed .12%c lower, lard unchanged and ribs
2%c down. , " ' . .-. ' ' "..' -• -¦'¦ ->'¦! '¦", .
..The leading, futures ranged as follows:. '
:• Articles — ,. ' Open. High.' ': Low.'.' Close.
Wheat No. 2-^* .' ,;-..: ",¦'.-,.¦¦¦¦,. <:t,. ..¦¦¦
'August'.'........'.:.... 68%,- .68%; \67V4V ..-'67%
September .....".... 69% .- • 69% • 68%.:, 6 S?»
December 71%:- r 71% , ' 70% . ,70%
; Corn No. 2— . ¦'¦ --•'. '.'- • J-- :: - ¦ ¦ '' •¦¦¦¦¦
September;'...".'.'.... 69 . 59-57 ,57%
October •;.'.¦....;.... :'6S*4 59V4 ' 57% '57%
December.......... 60 60 . 57% 58%
\ Oats No. 2— " \ ; .
September ...:..'... "35% 35% ¦ 34% ;! 34%'
May\.:.'...v.-.7 :..'... r.38% 38%: 37^ .37%
: Mess pork, ¦ per, barrel— •- , ; ¦ .
September.. "...... ..14 40 -.11 40 14 20 .14 2714
January... '"V-.'r.:. 14. 95:; 15 02% : 14 95 .14 95 -.,
. -. Lard, ¦ per 100 pounds — ¦ v ¦" '-¦¦'* •¦' ' ¦' ¦ '¦ ¦-,:':
September ~. . V. . . . . ¦ 8 77% • ¦ 8 ;82% : ;. 8 55 ¦ - • 8 77V-
October/...:..;...'.'. 8 85 .-.. 8 87%-; 8 82%:.r8 82%
.•¦ Short ribs,' per 100 pounds— - : ,.- 1 ¦ r, .
September;.... '.".7:; 8 00 r iS 00 . .. ; 7 92%- 7 92%
October .-; '. . . .'. :."... I'. < 8 00 " - '• 8 05 '.-" • 7 95 - ¦ 7 97%
January.'..'....':': ,7 90-.V.:i,7 92% .: 7 85 , - 7 85:,,
;. Cash quotations. were as follows: Flour,- dull;
No." 2 : red \ wheat; ' 68%c : No. , 2 corn, , 56%c ; : No.
Chicago Grain Market.
Beyond a decline In Paauhau Sugar to $13 50
there was nothing n«w,on the morning session
of the Bond Exchange.
In the afternoon Paauhau was still weaker
at $13017. and Honokaa at $14 50@15. Gas and
Electric was lower at $43 12%642 50. .
The Alaska Packers' Association has declared
a dividend of 73c, payable on the 12th.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
FRIDAY. Aug. 2—5 p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask. I * Bid. Ask.
4s quar coup.. .113 113% Us qr cp (new). 137 13S
4s quar reg 113 113% l 3s quar coup... U8U1M
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bay Co P C os.106 , — Oceanic SS 5s. — 103
Cal-st 5s 116 — Omnibus C 6s. 126% —
C C Water 5s.lO7*i — Pac G Imp 4s. — ICO
Ed L & P 6s.\128%133% Pk & C H 6S.10R —
Fer & Cl R 68.1171/i — Pk & O R 6s.H7 —
Geary-st 5s.... — — Powll-st R 6s.l20 —
H C & S 5%s.lO6U — Sac E G R 5s. 92% —
Do 5s......... — 102% S F & SJV 53.120% —
Los Ang R 5s.ll5%116% Sierra Cal 6s.. — 110
L A Light 6s. — 102 S P of A 6s
Do rntd 6s. .100 — (1909) 111^112^4
Do gntd 5s. .103 — (1910) 113 —
L A & Pac 03.IOI 103 S P of C 63
Do 1 c m 5s.lO2% — (1905), Ser A. — 109%
Mkt-st Cab 6s.l26%128 (1905). Ser B.1W —
Do 1 c m 5s.l23?4124% (19C6) 112^114
Nev C N G 7S.105 114 (1912) .. 120% —
Nor R Cal 6s. Ill*; — S P of Cal 1st
Do 5s .118% — S P Br Cal 6s. 138 136H
Nor Pac C 6s.l01% — ; c gntd 5s.... 107 —
Do 5s ....105 — ' S V Water 6s. 114 —
Nor R Cal 5s.U0 113 , Do 4s 10214 —
Oak Gas 5s.... 112% — Do 4s 3d mtg — 101%
Do Trans 6s.ll7%113 Stktn Gas 8s.. — —
Do Water 5s.lO2 102%
. WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa.. 76% 78%| Spring Valley. 85%8«
Marln County. 50 — J
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L & P... 4 * Pac Light .... 42 4?
Equitable 4% 5% Sacramento ... — —
Mutual 4% — S F G & E.-.. 42% 42S
Oakland 50% 51 San Francisco.. 4% AV»
Pac Gas Imp. 43 — Stktn G & E. S —
INSURANCE.
Fir em's Fund. — 247 I
BANKS.
Anglo-Cal TTtf 81 LPt'A 153159
California .....404 — Mer Ex (liq).. 18 — -
Cal Safe Dep..lO7% — S F National.. 127% —
First Nat S F.305 —
SAVINGS BANKS.
German 1830 1310 Sav & Loan...'— —
Humboldt .... — — Security ....:. .275 —
Mutual Sav ... 50 — Union Trust. .1600 —
San Francisco. 520 — '
STREET RAILROADS.
California ....130 134 |O S L & H.... 40 . —
Geary — 40 [Presidio 36% —
Market : 73% — I
POWDER.
Giant 76 77 JVigorit .•» • 1%
SUGAR.
Hana 6% 7 KUauea 18 16%
Hawaiian 49 50 Makawell .T7.. 30 301-j
Honokaa 13 — Onornea 21 22%
Hutchlnson ... 16& 17 Paauhau 17 17Vj
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska Pack. .130 .— Oceanic S Co.. 43 50
Cal Fruit Can. 96 — Pac Aux F A. 2 —
Cal "Wine Asn. — 100 Pac C Borax. .163 '"—
Mer. Ex ..110 — Par Paint 18 — '
Mornlnr Session.
Eoard—
«5 Honokaa S Co. .:..; 15 00
. 1VJ Kutchlnson S P Co 16 SO
Continued on Page Eleven.
Bradstreet's on Trade.
NEW YORK. Aug. 2.-The futility of the ef
forts made this week to awaken any Interest
In the stock market or to effect a movement of
prices that offered any chance for attractive
profits to traders resulted in a very small at
tendance this morning of even the class of deal
crs on the board. There is no trace of any
other operations than those by traders This
morning's market; as a consequence, made per
ceptible progress toward the condition of ab
solute stagnation, to which it has been tend
ing all the week. Apparently the market was
left wholly to the devices of the email room
traders. There was no evidence of the exist
ence of stop loss selling orders on the one hand
or of supporting orders on the other. Accord
ingly the professionals found their limited
operations quite effective in moving prices But
the operation of taking profits, either by cell
ing long stock to realize or by covering shorts
reveals the fictitious character of the move
ment rzid neutralizes it. The meager trading
centered about the renewed fears of crop dam
age, suggested by the strength in the com
market and the proposed construction of a
rugsr refinery In opposition to the American
Bugar Company. An appearance of considsrable
•weakness was thus Induced at one time during
the day. but the closing up of contracts brought
prices back sharply toward last night's level.
Sugar failed to hold its rally and the market
doted heavy. The United States Steel stocks
were less active than for some time past and
failed to show the effects of the reports of
disagreement over the steel strike, both com
mon and preferred, closing with fractional
gains. -.
The railroad bona.n^-kct was barren of any
features. Total sales, par value. $1,500,000.
United States bonds were all unchanged on
the last call. -.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Eharea v Closlne
Sold. Stocks- V • Bid
So.300 Atchison -»»/
5,300 Atchison prefd "siK
200 Baltimore & Ohio " 951Z
...;... Baltimore & Ohio prefd S'n' I
2,530 Canadian Pacific •...'....:. !lOS%
Canada Southern ....." .'.', gg'
4,000 Chesapeake & Ohio 48
100 Chicago & Alton ..:.. 371?
— Chicago & Alton prefd 76'
Chicago Indianapolis & Louis ..33
..;..... Chicago Indianapolis & Louis pfd.. 68
100 Chicago & Eastern Illinois 120
8,700 Chicago & Great Western 22»£
Chicago & Great Western A. prefd. 81V.
Chicago & Great Western B -prefd. 47%
100 Chicago & Northwestern............. 191
2.4M Chicago Rock Island & Pacific 137
C00 Chicago Terminal & Trans "... is«
Chicago Terminal & Trans prefd. . 38
C C C & St Louis SOU
100 Colorado Southern 13
2f>0 Colorado Southern 1st prefd ........ 50
100 Colorado Southern 2d prefd :. £2
200 Delaware & Hudson ....160
600 Delaware. Lacka wanna & Western-ZTS
500 Denver & Rio Grande 40%
200 Denver & Rio Grande prefd 90\
11,100 Erie 37%
300 Erie 1st prefd 65
300 Erie 2d prefd 4S%
600 Great Northern prefd : ..; 173%
100 Hocking Valley ....'... 50 ¦
SOO Hocking Valley prefd ................ 7* '
New York Stock Market.
EASTERN MARKETS.
STOCK MARKET.
CALL BOARD SALES., ... v
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— No sales.
Second Session — No sales. . ¦ , .
' Regular Morning Session— No sales. . .
Afternoon Session— December— 2000 ctls, 71Hc;
2CC0, 72c. . ' ' . -
OATS— Remain as previously quoted at 93c@
U 02% for Black and 97%c@$l 15 per ctl for
Red. -¦ ¦ ¦ -¦ ' • ¦ ¦ • ¦ - . ¦' ¦
CORN— Hot weather again in the belt, with
increasing complaints. •
Many stalks, green and apparently vigorous,
are turning out barren. The Missouri crop is
estimated at 21 points, which is. only a meager
yield.' (The Chicago market advanced. to 59c at
the opening, but fell back to 57c on realizing
sales of large holders. - . ¦' -. • ¦ y. . , -
This market was dull and unchanged. Small
round Yellow, $175; Eastern Yellow, $160®
1 62»a ; White, - ?1 70@l 75 per ctl ; • mixed, nom
inal. -•¦; ¦¦-.¦':. " " - ; ' ¦ .-
RYE— 72%@77%c per ctl. There are free pur
chases' of the crop at 77%c. Port Costa.
BUCKWHEAT— None In first hands.
Informal Session— »J15 o" clock— December—
4000 ctls, $101%; 28.000, $101%.
. Second Session— December— 2000 ctls. $101%;
6000, $101%. ' ' - ¦ ..- .
Regular Morning Session — December— 8000 ctls,
$1 01%. . . ' ¦ ¦ : • ¦ ¦ . • . • ¦ • - -
¦ Afternoon Session— December — 4000 ctls, $1 01%.
, • BARLEY— Continues . featureless and un
chansred. . ; ' ..
' Feed. 73-Ve for choice bright. 71%@72%c for
No. 1 and 67%@70c for off grades; Brewing and
Shipping grades, 75@S2%c; Chevalier, nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES.
WHEAT— Liverpool _and Paris futures were
both higher.
. Chicago was weak. Bearish news was re
ceived from the Northwest. The. coarse grains
were strong and active. It was very hot again
in the West. Reports of feeders buying In
Kansas, Missouri and Southern Illinois were
move general. There was an estimate of 178,
000,000 bushels in the two Dakotas and Minne
sota, and it was considered. bullish. . ,
. This market was weaker on call, but un
changed on the spot.
Spot Wheat— Shipping. 97%c; .milling, $1@
1 C2% per ctl. 1 . :
Wheat and Other Grains.
The Coptic took out a treasure list of $227,330,
consisting of $76,884 in Mexican dollars, $746 in
gold coin and $149,700 In silver bullion.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days \ — ¦ $4 86
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 88%
Sterling Cables — 4 89%
New York Exchange,. sight ' — ' 07%
New York Exchange, telegraphic — . . 10
Silver, per ounce — 58%
Mexican Dollars, nominal.. 47 @ 47%
Exchange and Bullion.
Domestic iron markets ruled exceptionally
dull; with" prices unchanged, but In buyers'
favor. Plgiron warrants, $9 50@10; Northern
foundry, $15@13 50; Southern foundry. $14@11 50,
No. 1 1 Southern foundry, $14 75®15 60; do soft,
$14 75(515 25. Glasgow ¦ warrants closed at 54s
and Mlddlesboro 46s 10%d.» - . > ¦
Spelter was dull at $3 90@3 95, while the Lon
don-prices fell oft" 2s 6d unde,r sheer lack of
support, closing easy at £16 IPs. . . : .
The local market for copper was .featureless
and nominally unchanged' at $16 50@17 for Lake
Superior and 16%@16%c for casting and electro
lytic. In London, however, a further loss ¦ of
2s 6d was noted in ¦ liquidation. '
The close was easy at £66 17s 6d and £67 6s
3d spot and futures respectively. > , . .
Lead was dull here at $4 37%, while In Lon
don prices advanced 2s 6d to £112s 6d. '
NEW YORK, Aug. 2.— Tin In \ London re
gained some of its recent loss ..to-day; as a re
sult of good speculative demand and a scarcity
of sellers. After a fair day's business, the
market finally closed firm in tone at £118 12s 6d
for spot and £115 for futures, indicating a
rise -of £1 2s in the former and 10s In the
latter. Locally, trading was moderately active
and values advanced 20 to 65 points on 'spots
in sympathy with London and finally closed
firm at $27 55@28. -
New York Metal Market.
The drought in the corn-growing States has
been broken and was reflected by a general
Improvement in it:?tations for railroad shares.
The recoveries failed, however, to Induce much
fresh buying of securities. It would seem, in
fact, that the covering of shorts by profes
sional interests, especially the Chicago opera
tors, was mainly responsible for the rise, and
when this process exhausted Itself there was
little to supply either strength or activity.
The market was cheered at the besinning of
the week by the announcement that a settle
ment of the steel strike was at hand and there
Is little disposition to regard the interruption
in the negotiations as being more than tem
porary. The condition of . the money market
gives no cause for anxiety, last Saturday's
bank statement having shown another consid
era.ble Increase in the bank reserves, attended
by a further reduction In loans. ¦ Money is be
ginning to go to the interior for crop-moving
purposes, but this is offset by a movement of
funds from near-by points to New York and
by large receipts of Klondike gold transferred
from San Francisco through the treasury. .The
European- situation is not particularly favor
able, there being a continued strain upon the
banking arrangements of the German empire.
No gold shipments have occurred, although
exchange rates have been firm and It is feared
that Berlin may require further assistance
from both New York and London.
NEW YORK. Aug. 2.— Bradstreet's Financial
Review will say to-morrow:
LOCAL MARKETS.
The Cured Fruit Association has withdrawn
all quotations for Prunes.
FRUITS— Apricots. 7@10c for new Royals and
7%c to 14c for standard to fancy ' Moorparks :
new Evaporated Apples. 5®7c: new Peaches,
5%®7c for future delivery: Pears, 4@8c; Plums,
pitted. 3(S5c; unpitted. l@l%c; Nectarines, 4
@4%c for red and 4®3c for white.
PRUNES — The - association has withdrawn
quotations, and will sell no more at present.
RAISINS — The Raisin Growers* Association
has established the following prices: Bleached
Thompson's fancy. 12c per lb; choice, lie:
standard, 10c: prime. 9c; unbleached Thomp
son's, 9c per lb. Sultanas — Fancy. 10V4c per lb;
choice. 9%c; standard, 8%c; prime. 8c: un
bleached Sultanas. 8c; Seedless, 50-lb boxes.
6%c; 4-crown. 7c; 3-crown. 6%c; 2-crown. 6c:
Pacific brand — 2-crown. 5c; 3-crown, 5%c. and
4-crown. 5%o; seeded (Fresno prices). 5%c; Lon
don Layers. 2-crown. $1 50 per box ; 3-crown,
$1 60; Fancy Clusters, $2; Dehesa, $2 50; Impe
rials. $3. All prices f. o. b.- at common ship
ping points in California.
NUTS— Walnuts. No. 1 softshell. 12®12%c; No
2. 8@S%c: No. 1 hardshell. 10®10%c: No. 2. 6%@
7%c; Almonds. 13<014c for paper-shell. 10011c for
softshell and 5®6c for hardshell: Peanuts. 5®
7c for Eastern; Brazil Nuts. 12@12%c: Filberts.
12@12Uo; Pecans. 11013c; Cocoanuts, $3 50®5.
HONEY— Comb. ll©12c for bright and 9®10c
for light amber; water white extracted. 5%<Q)6c
light amber extracted. 4.%<B;5c; dark. 3%O4Vic
BEESWAX— 25<g28c per lb.
There Is now a very heavy demand for new
Peaches, j Apricots' and Apples In the country,
something unusual at this time of ths year.
especially in regard to Apples, ,and prices are
tending upward. The market is In first-class
shape. There are no figures on Plums, Prunes
and Pears thus far, but all promise to open
much higher than last year, owing to the re
markable demand for the West, where small
fruits have generally been seriously damaged
by the hot and dry weather.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
Bradstreet' s Financial Review.
Temperature 7 a. m.. 55 degrees.
San Francisco data— Maximum temperature,
C; minimum, 51; mean, 57.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
» FORECAST.
There has been but little change In pressure
over the country west of the Rocky Mountains
Curing the past 24 hours. No rain has fallen
on the coast, but light thunder storms have
occurred in Southern Utah.
In the great valleys of California the tem
peratures continue frcm 8 to 16 degrees above
the normal. Maximum temperatures range
Irons 100 to 108 degrees.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty 1
nours ending midnight. August 3. W0L
Northern California— Fair Saturday, continued
warm weather in the interior, with light north
erly windE; fresh westerly winds on the coast
with fog.
Southern California— Fair Saturday, continued
warm weather; light westerly winds.
Nevada— Fair Saturday, continued warm
weather; fresh westerly winds.
San Francisco and vicinity— Fair Saturday;
brisk westerly winds, with fog.
SPECIAL DAILY FRUIT SERVICE.
STATIONS. fifJMl If ft
: 3 : 3 o. 3 5 : ?
Hcllister 92 68 W Clear .00
Hanford 108 63 ... Cloudy .00
SanJoj-e S7 64 N Oear
Riverside Pt.Cldy T.
Palermo 107 70 S Clear .00
\entur* 75 60 ... Clear .CO
fcanta Maria 8C £8 ... Clear .00
t WEATHER AND CROP CONDITIONS.
Hollister— Fruit ripening fast.
Hanfcrd— All crops doing nicely.
San Jose— Very warm; fruit conditions remain
u nchanged.
Rlveirlde— Citrus trees and alfalfa making
\-lgorous growth: nights warmer than usual
Palermo— Weather favorable for all crops
Ventura— Apricots turned out better than ex
pectfcQ; excellent quality.
Santa Maria— Beans stood hot spell without
carnage; other crops unchanged
ALEXANDER G. McADIE.
Forecast Official.
NEW YORK/ Aug. 2.— The market for evapo
rated apples ruled moderately active and steady
all day, but values were without change.
State, common to good, 4%@7c: -prime, 5@7%c;
chojee, 7%®S%c; fancy, 8(g8%c.
California dried fruits were inactive and nom
inally ¦ unchanged. ¦ . * . \
PRUNES— 3%@7c. . '
; APRICOTS— Royal, 8%®13c; Moorpark, 8iS12c.
PEACHES— Peeled, ll@18c; unpeeled, 6@9%c.
DRIED FRUITS.
NEW-. YORK. -Aug. . 2.— FLOUR— Receipts,
19.860 barrels; exports, 1119 barrels. . ' ,-
WHEAT— Receipts, 219,300. j Spot, easy; . No.
2 red, .76c f. o. b. afloat; No. 2 red/ 74c eleva
tor; No. 1 Northern Duluth^ 76%c f. o.' b. afloat:
No. 1 hard Duluth. 85c f. o. b. afloat. Options
followed an advance at the opening with a dull
and easier market, reflecting sales for long ac
count and bearish crop news. The early rise
was on' the strength of corn. The close was
dull and easy, %c net decline. September,
73%<8~4%c. closed -74c; October, 74%(g7SV4c,
closed 74%c; December, 75 13-16@76%c, closed
76c.
HOPS— Quiet. : • * / ' " ~ r
Quiet. , " '•.-'•¦' '. .
,WOOL— Quiet. .
COFFEE— Spot Rio, steady; No. 7. Invoice,
5%c bid. Mild, quiet; Cordova, 8@ll%c. ¦ Fu
tures closed steady at a net gain of 5®10 points.
Total, sales were, 35,750 bags,' including: Sep
tember, 4.95c; October, 5c; November, 5.05c:. De
cember. 5;20c;- January.' 5.2o®o.30c: . February,
6.35c: March, 5.45c; May, : 5.50c;.. June, . 5.55c;
July. 5.63c. •-•".-¦ > ¦•'j-i« i . .-¦''•«.:":"¦•'.' .
¦ r .SUGAR — Raw, steady:- fairy refining, .3 9-16c;
"centrifugal, 96 test,- 4 5-32c.£^ Molasses sugar,
3 5-16c. Refined, qtilet. : '. /- ¦;¦' . - I ;'- - -' -
BUTTER— Receipts, 742. packages.' '.. Steady.
State dairy, 14® 19c;, creamery, 16®20%c; fac
tory,- 13®15c: imitation creamery.- 14@17%c.
i EGGS— Receipts. 242 packages. Steady. West
ern, candled, 12@16%c; Western, uncandled, .8
@14c..,\: .- -....:.
Nezv York Grain and Produce.
Astoria 30.22 64 56 NW Clear .00
Bakor 29.S4 -S4 5S N Clear • .00
Carson 29.84 88 62 W Pt.CIdy .00
Eureka 30.02 56 50 W Cloudy .00
Fresno 29.74 108 78 NW Clear .00
Flapstaff 29.90 (2 58 W Pt.CIdy .00
Poc&telK Idaho. ..2S.80 SS 68 W Cloudy .00
Independence 29. S2 J>2 66 N Cloudy .00
Los Angeles 29. S4 SO 64 W Pt.CIdy .00
Phoenix 29.66 104 S4 SW Pt.CIdy .00
Portland 30.0S 80 56 NW Clear ' .00
Red Bluff 29.76 106 80 S Clear .00
Rcseburg 29.5S 86 52 N Clear .00
Sacramento 29.78 100 70 SW Clear .00
Salt Lake 29. S6 SS 6S NW Clear .00
Ban Francisco 23.88 62 70 W Clear .00
Sen Luis Obispo.. .29. ES 84 60 S Clear .00
San Diego 29. S4 76 68 NW Cloudy .00
Seattle. 30.16 74 52 W Pt.CIdy .00
Spokane 30.00 ES 58 E Clear T.
Nenh Bay 30. IS 62 54 W Clear .00
Walla Walla 2S.91 92 66 W Clear .00
Winnemucca 29.S0 SO 62 NW Clear T.
Yuma 29.6S 106 84 SW Clear .00
CHICAGO, Aug. 2.— CATTLE— Receipts, 5500,
including 500 Texans. pull and lower. Good to
prime steers, $5 50@6;poor to medium, $4 40®
5 25; stockers and feeders, $2 50® 4 30; 'cows and
heifers, |2 25®4 9»: canners, Jl 50@2 40; bulls,
$2 5C@4 30; calves, $3<?5 25; Texas steers, $3@4 40.
HOGS— Receipts to-day, 23,000; to-morrow,
18.000: left over, 4000. Active and 5@10c. higher.
Mixed and butchers, $5 60@6 12%: good to choice
heavy, $5 85@6 15; rough heavy. $5 40@5 75; light.
$5 65® 5 85; bulk of sales, $5 65@5 95. ¦ ,
SHEEP— Receipts, 8000. Slow , and lower;
lambs mostly 25c lower. Good to choice wethers,
$3 75@4; fair to choice mixed. : $3 25@3 65; West
ern sheep. $3 2503 75: yearlings,' $3 75(34 20: na
tive lambs, $3 25@5 40; Western Iambs, $4 25®
515.
ST. JOSEPH.
ST. JOSEPH. Mo.. Aug. 2.—CATTLE—Re
ceipts. 2578. Mostly 10015c lower: natives, $3 75
®5 80; cows and heifers, $1@4 70; bulls and
stags, $2(S 4 SO; . stockers and feeders, $175@4;
veals, $2@5.
HOGS— Receipts, 2523. Market 5®10c higher.
Light and light mixed. $5 r,0(B6; medium and
heavy. $5 75: top. $6; pigs, 12 75(35 15.
SHEEP— Receipts, 2551. Steady to 15c lower;
mostly 10@15c off; best lambs, 15@25c higher,
others steady; top, to 25.
New. York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK, Aug. 2.— Cotton closed steady.
1@5 points net higher. " '•¦''
;T.l' Portland's '-'Business. , '
PORTLAND.' Ori. Aug. 2.— Clearings, ,$344,
731;'balances, $59,850. •¦•."T" *;-*¦". • "* "„
: ' - Northern Wheat Market/
"";'-¦ r\'t : OREGON.
PORTLAND.' Aug. ' 2.— "Wheat— Steady at 56c
for Walla Walla. Cleared— British ship Argua,
for 'Queenstown, with 85,834 bushels wheat.
WASHINGTON.
[¦¦ TACOMA, Aug. 2.— Wheat— Unchanged. Blue
stem;-57%c; club, 56c." ; .
CHICAGO.
Eastern Livestock Markets.
ta K K O 2 *3
5 H? Hr =:? 4» £3
2 rex « 2. t «'* ©n
STATIONS. I Ifll || |o f|
• CITRUS FRUITS— Mediterranean Sweets.
Valenclas and St. Michaels. 75c@S3 50; Lemons.
\\ 501552 for common and $2 50@3 50 for good to
choice; Grape Fruit. 50c@jl 60; Mexican Limes.
S6@7; Bananas. $1S2 per bunch; Pineapples,
Jl 50<@2 50 per dozen.
I GRAPES— Fontalnebleau and Sweetwater. 75c
(B$l-per box;, Tokay, $1 25'per crate: Muscats.
85c0$l 23; Seedless. $1 25@1 50: Black, 50c@$l;
Isabellas, from Martinez, $1 75 per crate.
PEACHES— 35®75c per box and 30@50c per
basket and $20@25 per ton for Frees and $30t#
40 for Clings.
NECTARINES— White, 35<g50c per box; Red,
50®65c.
PEARS— Bartlelts, $1@1 25 per box for. No. 1. 40
©73c for No. 2 and $30@J40 per ton.
¦ STRAWBERRIES — S3Q5 per chest for Long
worths and $3 50®4 50 for .large berries.
BLACKBERRIES— J3S5 per chest.
LOGAN BERRIES— $5@6 per chest
jj RASPBERRIES— $3@6 per chest.
HUCKLEBERRIES— 8@10c per lb.
i FIGS— Black, 75c@fl EO.per box for single and
— — for double, layers; White, $L
' MELON'S— Nutmegs, 30@60c per box; Can
taloupes, COcfi$l per half crate and $1 23®2 per
large crate; "Watermelons, 15@25c apiece.
PLUMS— 35©75c per box and 25@60c per bas
ket; Prunes, 40@75c per crate and 50@60c per
basket; Green -Gages, $10@20 per ton; Egg
Plums, $20.r
APRICOTS— 30@50c per box, 50@75c per crate;
in bulk, $10@15 per ton for smail and $20®25 for
large.
CRABAPPLES-40c@U per box. according to
package. ' ¦- " "•
APPLES— 85c@$l 25 per box for good to choice
and 40®75c for ordinary.
¦ Lemons and _ Limes are very firm and In
demand, with light supplies. Oranges are
steady. . .
Grapes continue to bring good prices.
•"'•. ' ¦: DECIDUOUS FRUITS.
Peaches are selling welL Plums and Prunes
are . firm, and German Prunes sold up to $1
per basket on the . wharf. . Figs continue scarce
and firm. - There . is no particular change in
Berries.'. ¦'¦'..
Watermelons are ¦ reported selling at 60c per
wagon load in Fresno on I account of the
strike in San Francisco. Here they are well
cleaned up and firm. 'and Cantaloupes are also
steady. Nutmegs, however, are In oversupply
and ¦ lower. • '
Deciduous, and. Citrus Fruits.
Vegetables — «»¦»¦¦ ;: ->: '.'•¦ -f'
Asparagus, per lb 8<S1 r^eeks. doa bnehs.l5«?20
Artichokes. doz...2.Vffi3 ~)kra. green. lb...2(V3—
Beets, doz 10®- "Jreen Peppers, lb fitlO
Beans, white, lb.. 6<fi>— Potatoes, per V>..ZUit—
Colored, per lb.. 5<S- Swf Potatoes, lb. SfJ 5
Dried Lima, lb.. 6® f Parsnips, per dz..lO®—
Green Limas. lb..l0® — Radishes, dz bch.l5<a?o
Cabbage, each 5® — Sage, doz bnchs..25<K3f>
Cauliflowers.^each 5®— String Beans, lb.. 4® 6
Celery, head 5S— Summer Squash,
Cress, doz bnchs..l5®20 per pound 4® 5
Cucumbers. doz-.-lOiRlS Sproutn. per lb.... ©
Egg Plant, lb 6«rio Spinach, per lb... 5®—
Green Peas, lb 3® 5 Thyme, doz bcb.3.2of?30
Green Corn. doz..lo®20 Turnips, per doz.. 10®—
Lettuce, per doz..l5©20 Tomatoes, per lb. 4@ 6
Onions, per lb.... 1® 3
Fish—
Baracuda ..¦:... .12%®— =?trtp*d Bass 13®CO
Carp — ®— >a Bass 1.*®—
Catfish in©— 3melts 13®—
Todflsh l5ffl5 10®»—
Flounders 8®10 Skates each 8(310
Halibut 12%®15 Squid Npno
Herring — ft— Tomcod 10®—
Mackerel 13® — rurbot 15®2O
Do. horse 10® — Trout 2Q*?25
Perch — ffl — Whiteflsh in® —
Pompino 60®— Clams, gallon 50®—
Rockflsh 15®— Do. hardshell, lb 8®10
Rock Cod...; 13®— Crabs, each 15®20
Salmon, fresh 20®23 Mussels quart.... R®10
Do. smoked 15® 40 Oysters. Cal. 100..40®5A
Shrimps — ® — Do, Eastern. dz.25®40
Shad 6@ 8
Prices show very -little change from last
week. Butter, Cheese and Eggs remain about
as ' before and Poultry and Meats stand th»
same. There Is a scarcity of choice fruit on
the market, partly owing to the light Crop,
partly to the demand for the Eastern States
and partly to the diversion of shipments from
this city on account of the strike. Most of the
fruit coming In is second grade. . The Vege
table market Is well supplied.
The season for -Wild Doves has opened, but
none have yet been received.
Coal, per. ton—
Cannel $ 012 00 Southfleld
Wellington .. @11 00 Wellington $— <VU 00
Seattle 9 00® Coos Bay.... @ 1 50
Dairy Produce, etc. —
Butter, choice, sq.40Q45 Ranch Eggs, per
Do, good 3OS35 dozen 20*325
Cheese. Cal 12®15 Honey Comb, per
Cheese. Eastern. -17S20 pound 15.-520
Cheese. Swiss 20®35 Do. extracted... 8@10
Common Eggs....l3@20
Poultry and Game-
Hens, each... 30@6O Turkeys, per lb.. 13(320
Young Roosters. Ducks, each 40@5O
each 50O75 Geese. each,..$l 25®1 50
Old Roosters. ea..40©50 Pigeons, pair 4O350
Fryers, each 4CKS5O Rabbits, pair 40®—
Broilers, each 25@33 Hare, each — @20
Meats, per pound —
Bacon 15(^15 Round Steak 10®—
Beef, choice 12@15 Sirloin Steak.™. 12%®—
Do. good 10®— Tenderloin do 15®—
Corned Beef 100— Porterhouse do..l7%®:0
Ham 15®17 Smoked Beef 200—
Lard — @15 Pork, salt 1O012U.
Mutton — <®12 Pork Chops 15@1S
Lamb 12®— Pork Sausages. .12%®15
Pork, fresh 15®— Veal 12@—
Fruits and Nuts-
Alligator Pears. 'Lemons, do* 20ifr2S
per dozen.*. J3<3.-. Nectarines 5® S
Apricots, per lb.~ 4® 5 Nutmeg Melons.
Almonds 15®20 each 5<3—
Apples 4S C Peaches, per lb... 3® 5
Bananas, doz. 15025 Pears, lb 3® 6
Blackberries, dwr.30«S40 Plums, lb A® 8
Cantaloupes. each.l0<f?2O Pineapples each 25©35
Crab Apples 4® 6 Raspberries. dwr.30®50 x
Figs, per lb 15(SK Raisins, per lb.... 5@15
Grapes, per lb.. 6(S12 1 -i Strawberries, per
Oranges, doa 25©o0 drawer 25S4O
Limes, per doz...,10<@15 Walnuts, per lb..l"iR2O
Logan Berries. Watermelons, ea.. 25^40
per drawer...... 40^50 (
Eureka, 56; ML Tamaplais, 68; Independence,
#2; Rea Bluff. 106; Fresno. 108; Loe Angeles,
K: Sacramento. 100; San Luis Obispo, S4; San
Diego. 76.
020th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. Aug. 2— 5 p. m.
The following are the maximum temperatures
reported from stations in California to-day:
Weather Report.
L500 Illinois Central 145
100 Iowa Central 35
5.S00 Iowa Central prefd 78
Laks Erie & Western 63
Lake Erie &-Western prefd 116
2,400 Louisville & Nashville .....101H
2,000 Manhattan L ini;
600 Metropolitan Street Railway '.166%
600 Mexican Central 22»i
100 Mexican National 9
Minneapolis & St Louis 105
4,500 Missouri Pacific .'. 97}£
100 Missouri Kansas & Texas 25^
400 Missouri Kansas & Texas prefd 53
New Jersey Central 15S -
2,100 New York Central 151«i
12,700 Norfolk & Western ..; S2H
Norfolk & Western prefd 89%
Northern Pacific ; 100
2.650 Ontario & Western 32%
6,700 Pennsylvania 144^t
P C C & St Louis: 79'.
6,900 Reading 4HJ
7,000 Reading 1st prefd ...... '....: 76%
1,000 Reading 2d prefd 52^
500 St Louis & San Francisco 40%
100 St Louis & Pan Francisco 1st pfd.. 78
2,000 St Louis & San Francisco 2d pfd.. 68
-St Louis Southwestern .". 27
300 St Louis Southwestern prefd .59
18,600 St Paul .' 15S%
St Paul prefd 181
22,700 Southern Pacific :.. 54T4"
4,100 Southern Railway 29%
700 Southern Railway prefd 83%
1.000 Texas & Pacific : 40
Toledo St Louis & Western..: 20V*
500 Toledo St Louis & Western pfd . 33
35,100 Union Pacific S7#
700 Union Pacific prefd.. 88Mr
L100 Wabash 2Ui
5.700 Wabash nrefd 39>4
Wheeling & Lake Erie 18
Wheeling & Lake Erie 2d prefd 29
400 Wisconsin Central 20^1
200 Wisconsin Central prefd 42
Express Companies —
Adams 170
American 190
United States 85.
Wells Fargo 140
Miscellaneous — •
4,000 Amalgamated CopDer 113*4
400 American Car & Foundry 29
American Car & Foundry prefd 83V5
American Linseed Oil 24
200 American Linseed Oil prefd 61
L100 American Smelting & Refining 52^4
1,000 . American Smelting & Ref prefd 99%
American Tobacco 132 Vi
500 Anaconda Mining Co 44
2.200 Brooklyn Rapid Transit 75%
200 Colorado Fuel & Iron 96
B.rfO Consolidated Gm 219*4
1,200 Continental Tobacco 64%
-200 Continental Tobacco prefd.. lloVa
300 General Electric 252
400 Glucose Sugar 55%
Hocklncr Coal 19%
?00 International Paner 20^4
100 International Paper prefd.. 75
4C0 International Power 92
200 Laclede Gas 90
400 National Biscuit 42
Xationp.I Lead 19%
200 National" Salt 40'.4
North American - 99
Pacific Coast 65
1.7P0 Pacific Mail 40U
2.000 People's Gas ..113%
600 Pressed Steel Car 42%
Pressed Steel Car prefd 82%
300 Pullman Palace Car 204
500 Republic Steel 19H
100 Republic Steel prefd 74
200 Sugar 137U
Tennessee Coal & Iron 61Vj
Union Bag & Paper Co 15%
Union Bas & Paper Co prefd 70%
. 1.100 Unit-d Rtp.tes Leather 13%
1,700 United States Leather prefd 79%
900 United Stetea Rubber IS',4
700 United States Rubber prefd 55
76.500 United States Steel .,. 43
19,*00 United States Steel prefd 92
COO Western Union 91%
456,000 Shares sold.
CLOSING BONDS.'
V S 2s ref reg 107% NYC lsts 104%
Do coupon 107% N J C gen 5s.. 129
Do 3s reg 108% N Pacific .3s 71%
Do 3s coupon 108% Do 4s 104%
Do new 4s reg.. .137 N ,Y C & St L 4s. .107%
Do new 4s coup. 137 N & W con 4s. ....100%
Do old 4s reg 113 Or Nav lsts 107%
Do old 4s coup. .113 Do 4s 102
.Do 5s reg 107% Or Short Line 6s. .129
Do 5s coupon — 107% Do con 6s 117%
Dist of Col 3.65s.. .124 Reading gen 4s.... 95%
Atchison-gen 4s. ..103% R G W lsts 100V.
Do adj 4s......:.. 97 St L & I M con 6s. 115%
Canada So 2ds....ll0 St L & S F gen 6s. 139
Ches & O 4%s 107% St Paul cons 173
Do Ss ......120 St P C & P lsts. ..120
Chi & X con 7s 135% Do 5s 115%
DoS F deb 5s. ..122 S Pacific 4s 92
Chicago Term 4s... 94% S Railway 5s..... < ».116?4
Colorado So 4s 87 Stand R & T 6s... 55
D & R G 4s.. 101% Tex & Pac lsts. ...118%
Erie general 4s.... 86 Do 2ds 103
F W & D C lsts~.104 Union Pacific 4s... 104
Gen Electric 5s. ...200 Wabash lsts 118
Iowa Cent lsts. ...115% Do 2ds 110%
L & N unl 4s 102 West Shore 4s. ....112%
M K & T 2ds »2% WIs Cent lsts 87%
Do 4s 87% Va Centuries 94%
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 23 Little Chief 12
Alice '45 Ontario 8 75
Breece 1 40 Ophir 70
Brunswick Con 11 Phoenix 'OS
Comstock Tunnel 5% Potosi C4
Con Cal & Va 2 00 Savage CR
Deadwood Terra.... 55 Sierra Nevada 15
Horn Silver 175 Small Hopes ....¦ 50
Iron Sll\-er. 55 Standard .3 00
Leadville Con 06
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS. .
Money— . West End 95%
Call loans 3%®4 Bonds-
Time loans. 4 @5 Atchison 4s 102
Stocks— . N E Gas & C Bs... 54%
Atch T & Sta Fs.. 72»J Mining Shares-
Do prfed... 94*i Adventure 24%
American Sugar.. .137% Bingham 21
Amer Telephone... 159% Amalg Copper 113%
Boston & Albany.. 2i*6 Atlantic 26
Boston Elevated. ..186 Calumet & Hecla..745
Boston & Maine... 193 Centennial 28
Dominion Coal'..... 38% Franklin 17%,
Do prefd.. 116 Humboldt 25
U S Steel 43 Osceola 99%
Do prefd..: 92% Parrot 50
Fltchburg prefd.. .'.144 Qulncy 170
Gen Electric 252- Santa Fe Copper.. 6
Mexican Central... 22% Tamarack 345
N E Gas & Coke..- 6 Utah Mining....... 29%
Old Colony ..208 Winona -2%
Old Dominion 30 Wolverines C3%
Union Pacific...... 97% •¦ •. 1
FAMILY RETAIL MARKET.
Butter is steady,' with fair supplies. Cheese
is firm at a further slight advance. Eggs
maintain '. the improvement already noted,
though the demand Is not very brisk.
Receipts were 35,100 pounds of Butter, 679
cases of Eggs, 438 cases Eastern Eggs. 7700
pounds of California Cheese.
BUTTER— Creamery. 20c and occasionally 21c
per lb for fancy and 19c for seconds; dairy, 15®
ISc: store Butter. 12%@14c per lb.
CHEESE— New. 10@10Hc: old. nominal;
Young Americas, lie per lb; Eastern. 13@15c.
EGGS— Ranch. 18@21c for good to fancy;
store, 14 @ 17c per dozen; Eastern, 15c.
Butter, Cheese and . Eggs.
CHICAGO, Aug. 2.— Earl Fruit Company sales
of California fruit: Peaches— Early Crawford,
15@90c per box. ¦ Pears— Bartlett; $2 10@2 60 box.
Plums— Burbank. $1 25<S1 36 single crate; Yel
low Egg, 90c@$l 20>i Prunes— German.. $1 40® 2
single crate; ¦ Gros, "85c<g$l 90. Eighteen cars
of fruit sold to-day.
PITTSBURG Aug. 2.— The Earl Fruit Com
pany sold California fruit here to-day at auc
tion, realizing the following prices: Pears—
Bartlett, boxes, $2 05@2 40, average $2 08.
Peaches— Early Crawford, average 80c box;
single crates, average $105. Plums— Magnum
Bonum, single crates, average $1 10; Kelsey
Japan, single crates, .average $1 40; Washing
ton, single crates. $1@1 05, average $1 03; Wick
scn, single crates, average $1 45: Yellow Egg,
single crates, $1 05@l 35, average $1 24; Gov
ernor Gage, single crates, $1 10@l 30, average
$1 22; Burbank, single crates, $1 20@l 35, , aver
age $1 32. Prunes— German, single crates, $1 10
<gl 35, average $1 33; Gros. single crates, aver
age $1 78. . Three cars sold here to-day. Weather
favorable.
NEW- YORK,; Aug. 2.— Earl. Fruit Company
sales of California fruit: Pears— Bartlett, $1 60
<g2 70 box. • Peaches — Crawford, 50c@$l 06 box;
Elberta. jj 75c@$l 05. • Plums— Yellow Egg, ; 90c(§>
$1 23 single crate; ; Kelsey Japan, 90c@$l 90.
Prunes— Tragedy, 90c@$l 65 single crate. Grapes
— Malaga, $1 70@2 single crate. Twenty-one cars
of fruit sold to-day. .
The : market 'shows no change. No Doves
have yet appeared.
POULTRY— Live. Turkeys.. 8@9c for Gobblers
and 9<§10c for Hens; Geese, per pair, $1@1 23;
Goslings. $125@160; Ducks. . $2 50®3 for old ana
$3134 for young; Hens, $4® 4 50; young Roosters.
$5@6; old Roosters, $3 50@4; Fryers, $4@4 50.
Broilers. $3@3 50 for large and $1 7502 50 for
small; Pigeons, $1 50@l 75 per dozen for old and
$1 25<S1 50 for Squabs.
GAME— Hare. $1 25@1 50; Rabbits. $1 25®1 30
for " Cottontail and $1 for Brush.
Poultry and Game.
California Fruit Sales,
Wheat is especially active. Western receipts
for the week reaching 6,508,311 bushels, against
5,020,761 last year, and 4,734,363 two years ago,
while Atlantic exports were 4.814.996 bushels,
against 2.737.7S9 in 1900 and 3,765,787 in 1899. -
Dealers In some drought stricken districts
have countermanded orders for footwear and
these cancellations are felt . mainly by West
ern makers, but as a whole the industry Is In
a healthy position. Leather Is quiet, shoe fac
tories buying lightly owing to large supplies
taken recently. Liberal arrivals in hides tend
to depress values. .
: Wool has at last risen slightly above the low
est point in four years. The cotton market
awaits the Government report in -a dull and
weak jiositlon. .
: Failures in July were 697 in number, against
793 last year and $7,035,933 in amount of liabil
ities, against $9,771,775 in 1910. Failures for
week not stated. .¦;—.'":.. * -• .' -•. ¦ ' : : :
'.¦ NEW YORK, Aug. 2.— R. G. Dun & Co.'s
Review of, Trade to-morrow win say:. Contin
ued favorable weather conditions have resulted
In" the saving, of much late ' planted corn and
the Northwest. ideal' weather for- spring wheat
harvest has been enjoyed. As this is the point
that ; business . in ¦ all parts of the country, has
been , most carefully ; watched the general feel
ing is better than a week ago. The disposition
on both sides to settle the steel strike has not
yet resulted in any agreement and the labor
situation is thus kept prominent ; . .
Official returns of piglron production in the
first' half of the 1 year show a record-breaking
aggregate of i 7,764,713 tons, exceeding the re
markable output of the previous' year by 32.
044 . tons. ' The second half, of .1901 has opened
with, a. much.; greater capacity of active fur
naces and the full year promises a considerable
larger total than 13,000,000 tons produced In 1900.
During the past week leading mills have placed
large contracts for- early delivery and inqui
ries for all forms of finished steel are abundant.
There is less disposition to pay fancy • prices
for products than were advanced by the strike,
which 1$ an evidence of the general belief in
early .resumption of work. An unfavorable
showing for the first half year In both exports
and output of copper resulted in the first al
teration in nominal prices since the advance to
17 cents eight months ago.. • ¦ - ¦ ¦
Dun's Reviexv of- Trade.
LIVERPOOL. .
Wheat— Bept. Dec.
Opening 5 7 • 5 8%
Closing 6 7% "- ' 6 8%
* ; . , PARIS. :
- "WTieat— • July. Sept. -Dec.
Opening-.. ;....'....... 21 65 22 65
Closmg '. 21 85 22 8&
" Flour— .
Opening .....-..;.¦.. ....' ..27 55 28 80
Closing .....; 27 55 - 28 55
NEW YORK, Aug. 2.-The following table,"
compiled by Bradstreet, shows the bank clear
ings at all principal cities for the week ended
August 2. with the percentage of increase and
decrease, as compared with the corresponding
week last year:
¦ - Percentage.
Cities— Clearings. Inc.- Dec.
New York..... $1.125, 556. S52 48.8
Eoston 120,332,984 16.6 ....
Chicago :.... 136,595.072 12.3 ....
Philadelphia 80,903,736 1.0 ....
St. Louis 88,583,050' ' 3S.8'
Pittsburg . 26,279,441 7.6 .:..
Baltimore 19,558,175 6.0 •'...'.
San Francisco ; 24,489,(M5 15.9
Cincinnati ...• '15,960,100 16.5
Kansas City 19,369,163 44.2 > ....
New Orleans.. ¦¦- 6.512,904 .... 5.2
Minneapolis • ' 9,258,710 " 12.4 ¦ ....
Detroit 10.105,342 24.5 ....
Cleveland ,.:.. .. 12,591.462, • 17.3 ....
Louisville 7,9S0,76r .... ' .:..:
Providence 5,966,600 14.5 ....•
Milwaukee ......;... 5,708,918 - 8.2
St. Paul ' 4,444,389 3.5 ....
Buffalo ...... ... . 5.2S9.27S " ' 4.5 ' ....
Omaha , 5,544,094 " ¦¦ 1.4
Indianapolis 9,995,401 65.2 t - ....
Columbus, 0 5,535,200 3.1 - ....
YoungBtown - 376,846 - 52.2 - ....
Savannah 2,869,138 12.3
Denver 3,714.792 ' -.'12.0'
Hartford 2.2S7.248 5.6 : •
Richmond 4,675,926 39.5
Memphis.- 1,931,697 '8.4 ....
Washington 2,133,787 .... .3.4
Peoria " 2,044.737 19.5 ....
Rochester 1,861.813 : . 1.5
New Haven .1.231,822 6.C ....
Worcester 1,316.791 26.1 '..;..
Atlanta • 1.2S.0.838 8.1 ....
Salt Lake City 3,129,590 57.0
Springfield. Mass... 1,402,170 35.0 • ..'T.'
Fort Worth - 2.083,263 5.4 ¦ ..
Portland, ; Me 1,131,019 26.6 •
Portland, Or 1,816.979 18.3 ' ....
St Joseph. 5.6S2.012 ' 55.0 '. ' ....
Los Angeles 2,277,757 ,17.7 .' ....
Norfolk 1,328,022 ' 15.2 ••....
Syracuse 967,944 3.9 • ....
Des Moines .... 1,233,971 ....*.- 3.1
Nashville 1,336,774 39.1- .;..
Wilmington, Del.... 980,514 : .... •' 6.0
Fall River.;.....:.. 714,162 46.8 : . ;.:.
Scranton 1.224,289 ' , 1017
Grand Rapids 1,237,835 - 3.7 ••¦,.r..
Augusta, Ga 70S.256 .... .1.3
Lowell '..... "502,699 ' =2.3 .' .....
Dayton, O .'.... 972,637 \. .... •' 5.3
Seattle 2.263.S62 ' . v 15.3
Tacoma l,068,51o • 18.0 ' -....
Spokane 879.190 -1.8
Sioux City..........' 933.652 22.1 ¦' •"....
New Bedford 379,521 27.6 -V. ....
Knoxvllle, Tenn.... 545.723 24.7 ' ....
Topeka 905,845 *' 16.6- .:•."....
Birmingham ' 706.311 : ". : 10.4
Wichita 495,380 ¦ 1.8 .• ....
Binghamton ,339,400 '.... .-26.4
Macon, Ga "578,000 ' .... • 4.7
Lexington, Ky..... S96.B44 61.2
JackEonville.-Fla;.. 305.039 61.2 /'
Kalamazoo 373,512 - 4.4 -....
Akron 449,000 , 2.3
Chattanoopa 355,489 .... . 7.0
Rockford. Ill 278,293 25.7
Canton. 0 351.000 26.6 ....
Springfield. 0 259.067 85.5 ....
Fargo, N. D 247.414 , 2.8 ....
Sioux Falls. S. D... 141,880 3.4
Fremont, Neb 138,178 17.8 .....
Davenport 690,129 2.4
Toledo 2,512.642 4.4 -....
Galveston •5,273.000 9.8
Houston 6,739,952 40.4 ....
Wilkesbarre 630.073 ....¦
Sprinsfleld. Ill 434,202 .... 3.5
Bloomington 255,683 8.9 ' ....
Jacksonville, 111 153.265 .... 1.9
Little Rock 479.C51 41.7
Evansvllle 774.554 15.5 ...:
Helena ' 660.979 .... 7.3
Colorado Springs... 717,617 .... ' ....
¦Wheeling 484.485- t^-::?. ' ....
Chester, Pa.... . ,. 278,430 ' -\ - .V.: ; ....
Totals. U. S....$l,773,365,2?6 33.5 . ....
Totals outside New i . , '-' .- ¦ ¦'.-.
York 647,808,444 -•: 13.1 - ....
DOMINION OF CANADA.: . . "" . y
Montreal ."..... : $15,194;056 .- 20.4' ...;
Toronto 10,187.036 15.0 ...."
"Winnipeg . 2,057.906 .' 8.2' ...*.
Halifax 1,647.999, 1.2 •.:..
Hamilton 737,804 . 5.2
St. John. N. B 701.417 .... 8.3
Victoria -570,765 ..,.' ' 12.5
Quebec 1,204,955' " '
Totals $31,914,652 .13.7 ....
Bank Clearings.
Shipment of $227,330 to China. \
Silver and' Exchange unchanged. . ,. :
Wheat and Barley about as before.
Oats and Corn unchanged. Good shipping demand for Rye.
Hay and Feedstuff s meet with a good demand.
No further change in Beans.
Potatoes weaker and Onions firmer.
Tomatoes higher. Green Corn gluts the market.
Butter and Eggs about as before. Cheese higher.
Peaclics and Plums higher. Grapes and Figs firm.
Nutmeg Melons in oversupply and lower. '
Heavy demand for new Dried Fruit in the country.
Provisions firm, but quiet. "" *•': -> -
Wool, Hops and Hides unchanged..
Poultry market as previously quoted.
Business dull on the stock exchanges.
Prune combine withdraws all quotations.
ft,?? 4 - £»- 8lx ty- days. Posted rates. $4 86®
Blf^" «£? mm .5 rcl . aK ' blUs - ** ***&* 8 *%- Bar
silver^ 58%c. Mexican dollars, 46c. Government
bonds, steady; state bonds, irregular; railroad
bonds, irregular. ¦ ~ y
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
GRAW BAGS— Calcutta. Grain Bags, to;
local male*, %e leas than Calcutta*: •Wool Bags.
J2©35c; Fleece Twine. 7%®8c; Fruit Bajrs. «%*>
6c for cotton and ty&Wfi tor juts.
COAL— Wellington, $9 per ton; • Sotrthfl«I<J
Wellington. .$9: Seattle. $7; Bryant. 88 SO; Coos
BaJ^WBO^Wallsend. $9; Co-operative Waii
send', *9; Cumberland. fl3 60 In bulk and 113 75
lnskcki; Pennsylvania Anthracite E«r, $14;
Cannel HO per ton; Coke. $15 per ton In bulk
and Sli In sacks: Bocky Mountain descriptions.
$8 45 per 2000 Iba and $3 SO per ton. according
t0 OIL^-CaHfornla Castor 00, to cases. No. L.
75c- pure $1 M; Linseed OIL In barrels, boiled.
94c: raw. 92c; cases. 6c more: Lard OIL extra
winter strained, barrels. 80c: cases. Soo: China.
Nut. 55@72o per gallon; pure Neatsfoot Olljbar
rels, 67%c; cases, 72%c; Sperm, pure. 65c: Whale
Oil, natural white, 40@45c per gallon; Fish OIL
In barrels. 37|4c; cases. 42Hc
COAL OIL— Water White Coal OIL to bulk.
13c; Pearl OH. In cases. 19c: Astral. 19c; Star.
We; Extra Star. 13c: Elaine, 24c: Eocene. 21c;
deodorized stove gasoline. In bulk, 15c: In cases.
Ho; Benzine. In bulk, 14c: In cases. 20c; 88-de
gree Gasoline. In bulk, 20c; In cases. 26c.
TURPENTINE— 68c per ration In case* and
E2c In drums or Iron baxrel*.
SUGAR— Th« Western Sugar Retain* Com
pany quotes, per pound, in 10O-lb bags:
Cubes, crushed and fine crushed. 5.75c; Pow
dered. 6.35c: Candy Granulated. 5.35c: Dry Gran
ulated. 6.25e: Confectioners' A. 5.25c: Fruit
Granulated. 5.2Se; Beet Granulated. 5.15c: Mag-
Eolla, 4.85c; Extra C, 4.75c; Golden C, 4.65c: bar
rels. 10c more; half-barrels, 25c more: boxes, 60o
more; 50-lb bags, 10c more. No orders taken
for less than 75 barrels or Its equivalent. Dom
lnos, half- barrels, 6c: boxes. 6.25c per lb.
Receipts of Produce. \ ¦'•;}
FOR FRIDAY". AUGUST 3.
Flour, qr sks.... 8.938 Middlings, ska .. I9«
Wheat, ctls 1.400 Hay. tons 541
Barley, ctls 6.440 Wool, bales 222
Oats, ctls 4,550 Shorts, sks 73
Corn, ctls 6 Quicksilver, flks. 153
Tallow, ctls .... 10 Hides. N». 132
Onions, sks 526 Pelts, bdls 273
Sugar, ctls 858 Leather, rolls .. 147
Potatoes, sks .. 3,445 Lime, bbls 132
Bran, sks 965
General Merchandise* 1 #>
'. Tomatoes advanced sharply under lighter, re
ceipts. Corn continued to glut the market.
Peppers and Egg Plant were dull. •
POTATOES— 90c@$l 25 In sacks and $1 10®l 50
in boxes for Burbanks. 90c@$l for Garnet Chiles
and 90c@$l for Early Rose; Salinas Burbanks.
II 15(31 35. _
ONIONS— Yellow, 75@90c per ctl; Pickle On
ions. 75c per sack. • "__„ M
VEGETABLES — Asparagus. $1 75@2 25 for
large and 50c(SIl 50 for ordinary; Green Peas.
l%@2c: String Beans. l@3c : -Limas. 4<ff3e: Cab
bage 35@40c per ctl: Tomatoes, from the River,
in large boxes. 50@75c: Dried Peppers, 12@18c:
Green Okra, 75c@$l per box; Carrots, 25@35c
per pack: Cucumbers. Bay. 25@40c: Pickles. IVic
per 1b for small and lc for large; Garlic. 2@3c:
Green Peppers. 25«?65c per box for Chile and"
40@75c for Bell: Egg Plant, S0@75c per box:
Green Corn, 25@73c per saqk; Alameda. 75c0$l
per crate; Berkeley. 50@75c: Summer Squash,
large boxes, 15@25c; New Marrowfat Squasfl.
$15@20 per ton.
Potatoes .were quoted easier, though receipts
were moderate. Prices were about the same.
Onions were Quoted firm.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
pin* demand for Pink and large White eon-
BEaNS— Bayos. $2 40@2 60; Small White, $4 SO
@4 95; Large White, $3 50@3 75; Pink. $1 7501 95;
Red, $3 1503 25; Blackeye. $3 2503 40; Lima*.
$6 3005 40; Red Kidney. $4 25 per ctl. _
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal. x«JJ?I
Mustard, nominal; Flax. $2 7S@3; Canary. 3%©
S%c for Eastern; Alfalfa, nominal; Rape. 194©
2%c; Hemp, 3%c p«r 1b.
DRIED PEAS— Nlles. Si 65 per ctL
Canadian failures f or '; the week number IS.
against 32 ; last week and 29 In the.' week a
year ago. .',¦'¦
¦Business failures in the United States for the
week were 166 against 199 last' week, 170 this
week last year, 156 in 1S99, .189 in 1898 and 211
in 1S97. • .: < .-¦¦'-.< •• „¦ .. . >¦•• i ¦ .
' From July . 1 to; date the shipments aggre
gate 26.200.372 as against - 13,562,595 last season
and 17,255.814 In 1899-1900. . y '.•..-.. ' .: ¦ ¦-.-
TkWheat.- including . flour shipments for week,
aggregate 6.463,391 bushels, - against 6,974.526
bushels last week; 3,327,003 in the corresponding
week of 1900; . 4,711,614 in 1893 and 4,111,312 in
1898. r ; ¦.¦•..:¦ :.
Corn, after the sharp break of last week,
has steadied up and near the close of the week
was close* to the ; highest point reached, on al
leged confirmation ¦ of damage caused I by -the
recent hot spell - previous to the breaking of
the drought. -Conservative Western ¦ estimates
•point • to a crop not • exceeding- 1,600,000,000
bushels. . • .. , • . ¦ , . ¦ •
Oats- have weakened with wheat and flour
is also weak and lower. . ' ¦• " ¦
the ; turn - in the , tide ; of - the 1 visible • supplies
which have begun to increase after steady de
crease for six months past. The foreign crop
situation I appears no better, and reiterated ad
vices of damage to the French crop come this
week,-, color: being given to this ¦ by the con
tined export demand. •¦_.•.
2 yellow. 56%c: No.2 oats. 35%c: No. t white.
37H@38c; No.. 3 'white, : S6@36V4c: No. 2 . rye,
56%@57%c; fair to choice malting barley, 60c;
No. 1 flaxseed. $1 76; prime timothy seed, $5 ;
mess pork, per barrel, $14 20@14 25; < lard, per
100 pounds, $8 72%@8 75; short ' ribs . sides
(loose). $7 95@8; dry salted shoulders (boxed),
7%@7%c; short clear sides (boxed), $8 30@8 40;
whisky, basis of hfgh wines,- $1 27; clover, con
tract grade, $10@10 23. , - '¦*¦.-¦.-.
e«nt off, be»» » per cent off «ad «ta*j ,40 per
cent off from th* *bov» Quotation*; iitutd
Hoc*. 7%©9%c
THE; BAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY;'/ AUGUST 3, 1901.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
¦Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 16.000 ' 12,000
"Wheat/ bushels ...306,000 '135,000
Corn, bushels 195,000 144,000
Oats, bushels ...'.358,000 217,000
Rye, bushels 10,000 .1,000
Barley, bushels 7,000 .....
Foreign Futures.
I On the Produce Exchange to-day ¦ the butter
market was firm; creameries, 14%@20c; dairies,
13©17c. Cheeses steady, 9@10%c. Eggs. 1 firm;
fresh, 13@14c.
THE COAST RECORD.
NEW .YORK. Aug. 2.-^-Close: .Money on call,
steady,' at 2@2% per cent; last loan, 2 per cent.
Prime mercantile paper. • 4%®5 per cent." Ster
ling exchange, steady.' with actual business in
bankers' bills at $4 8S% for demand and $4 85%
8PRESENT APPEARANCE OF THE
TIDAL CANAL, WITH ITS TEM
PORARILY USELESS BRIDGES.
Musical critics should be sound Judges.
:. PHOENIX, 1 A. T., Aug. 2.-At Gleeson
Sunday Deputy Sheriff Moore shot and
killed John Kohn, a' well-known desper
ado. Kohn was trying;^ to effect the re
lease of Andrew Garrett, who was under
arrest and, in Moore's charge. ¦• /
Officer Kills a Desperado.
' ALAMEDA, Aug. 2.— Subscriptions to~
the library lot enlargement fund are com
ing in as a result of the postal card so
licitations sent out to patrons. The total
amount pledged to date is $100, -with many
more people ; to hear from. . .
Sending in Subscriptions.'
" Oakland Office San Francisco Call;
¦ .' • , ¦ 1118 Broadway, Aug. '2. ..
v The California jurisdiction of the, Elks
will be the guests of Oakland Lodge No.
171 ; at a three days'" reunion, beginning:
September 6,' at Capitola.' The local branch
of the order is making elaborate prepara
tionsfpr\the event, which \ will' include .-a
programme of special features _ ; f or J each
day- and ,, evening during V the ..carnival.
Boatings, 'and : swimming i contests will be
provided, and ' drives ' over ; the beach" and
country roads : are beings mapped out.' One
excursion will be to the" Big Trees, ito be
1 Both the suit and cross-suit of Mr. and
Mrs. Joseph; August . were ' denied " to-day
by Judge "¦* Ellsworth." The • husband
-OAKLAND.: Aug. • 2.— The absence of
Mrs. Mary. ''Leveira from : court to-day
when t her "suit' for • $1500 .¦ attorneys' fees.
$500 -. costs - and $150 - a month alimony
against s Jose' Leveira was called elicited
the- warning from' Judge Greene that the
plaintiff would do well to 'appear next
week if „ she - exneots to; keep, the case on
the calendar. » The -Leveiras are the aged
San Leandro couple -whose married life
was wrecked after almost -half .'a century
by . - quarrels, r which . led J to a separation.
Leveira; has. property estimated at $25,000
In value. :-. ; ---- ¦'-¦-'¦¦'.: ¦'-, ¦*'¦'', '¦ -_/• "¦-¦.-.-
Oakland Divorce Record.
Graham-Mackey "Wedding 1 .
BERKELEY. Aug. 2.-Miss Elizabeth
Mackey. daughter of the late . Hueh
Mf-ckey of San Francisco,:, and ' John
Graham, a contractor of that city were
married yesterday at the home of Rev
Dr. E. Graham, 2606 D wight way Dr"
Graham, who. is an uncle of the groom'
performed ; the ceremony. -. « '
The newly married couple will reside in
San Francisco. ,,. •-•¦¦•¦. • - ¦• ¦
Three Days' Outing of
the Order to Be Held
at Capitola.'
BERKELEY, Aug. . 2.— Students have
already commenced to arrive in this city
although the opening of < the university is
yet two weeks away. A large number
came in on the different trains to-day and
the local expressmen were kept busy with
the baggage. The crowds on the streets
have noticeably, increased and in familiar
groups old students gathered on th«»
campus to-day .to renew acquaintances
Many of the new arrivals are freshmen
coming for an early start upon their new
career. * , '¦< . ¦
Students Begin to Arrive.
ALAMEDA, Aug. 2.— Two runaway
boys applied at the Bay View House thia
morning for something to eat. The owner
notified the police and they were taken
to the City Prison, where they gave the
names of A. N. Daly of Coos Bay, Ore.
and Lorenzo Edgar of . San Francisco'
aged 17 and 14 years respectively. . They
said they, had been on the road for six
months. The police will send them home.
Boy Runaways Arrested.
Suits for divorce have been filed by
Priscllla Pearce against Frederick Pearce
for failure to provide, Raymond L. Drake
against Anna A. Drake for desertion.
Mrs. P. Vanderlip against W. VanderllD
for cruelty and Ideline K". O'Neill aeain«t
William J. O'Neill for desertion' &t
Divorce Suits Piled.
. Communications v ! received- from the
lodges scattered over the State assure the
committee that its resources will be taxed
to provide for -the 1 delegations- which j will
attend.:' ; : ¦' '¦¦:;• J '¦ ' ' .'¦'¦' '\.' : *
-The committee of local Elks in charge
of the arrangements for the reunion ; com
prises the following I named: "W. H. J.
Matthews, D. J^Hallahan.G. R. Lukens,
A. ,W. Baker, J..W. Matthews, Guy Smith,
J. A. Colgrove and .x'heo s Gier. . .'
followed bya, dinner at • Capitola on „ re
turning. - .•¦¦ - ' — .- \- - • •'
, On the night of the 7th there will be a
grand ball in the pavilion. The festivities
will close with a high jinks Monday night,
but arrangements have been made for a
special train . Monday^ morning to permit
those who wish to attend the Native Sons'
celebration of Admission day at San Jose
to do so. .-:¦-¦ ¦ -v \ i ¦ -
r* t 'i, r " ;e . O r Co . n^! 1 wlU P resl <5e a* the organ.
Father A. Cottelll, S. J.. will direct the choir.
Tobacco Men Receive a Rebate.
John R. Young, president of the' Na
tional Cigar Leaf Tobacco Association at
Philadelphia, has forwarded a letter to
\V. A. T. Agard. secretary of the San
Francisco branch of that organization,
stating that he has been officially advised
from Washington that the Secretary of
the Treasury has decided to refund with
out further legal or , Congressional pro
ceedings the duties paid on Porto Rican
merchandise imported Into the United
States after the cession of the island In
3K29 and before the passage of the For
aker act of May 1, 1900. These claims will
be paid on application to the Collectors
of Customs without any expense to the
Vermonters Entertain.
A large rrowd attended the monthly en
tertainment and dance given last night
in Odd Fellows' Hall by the Native Sons
of Vermont. The entertainment was
greatly appreciated. Among the numbers
presented were: Song, Master Allan Lar
kins; cornet solo. Miss Hazet Bone; tenor
polo. J. F. Veaco; recitation, Mrs. Rule
D. Meek; Spanish song. Miss May Rob
ertson. Miss Edna Dudley and J. Foster
presented a laughable farce entitled- ""A
fc-light Misunderstanding."
Paulist Fathers to Give, Mission.
Fathers Smith and Wyman of the Paul
ist Fathers will hold a two weeks' jubilee
mission at Mission Dolores Church, cor
ner of Sixteenth and Dolores streets, be
ginning at the haif-past 10 o'clock mass
to-morrow morning. The first- week's
services have been designed particularly
for women, and those of the week follow
ing for men. Four privileges can be
pained by those who attend the meetings
for one week consecutively.
Haven't you seen women who remind
you of disguised men? ¦
Special Services and Music Next
Sunday in Honor of Patron
Saint.
The feast of St Ignatius, founder of the
Society of Jesus and patron of St.,. Igna
tius Church, will be celebrated •with great
solemnity next Sunday. There will be a
solemn high mass at 10:30 o'clock. Very
Rev. J. P. Frieden will be the celebrant.
Rev. Father Bell deacon and Rev. Father
Laridry subdeacon. Rev. Father Calligan
will be master of ceremonies and Rev.
Father Smith of the Paulists will'' deliver
the sermon.
In tfce evening at 7:30 there will be
solemn vespers. A sermon will be delivered
by Rev. Father McDonald, pastor of St.
Charles Church. Solemn benediction will
follow the cermon. Very Rev. J.~ P.
Frieden will be celebrant at vespers and
benediction; Father Sard! and Father
Butler will assist.
The music programme will be as fol
lows: ¦ ' - ¦ ¦'-
Morning- service. J0-.30- o'clock — "Kyrie "
"Gloria" -and "Credo" <Cerrutl); motet, "Veni
Dulcis Jesu" (Cagllero); "Sanctus" and "Ag
nus Dei" (Fauconnier). ; . -
Evening sen' ice— Vespers (Gregorian);. "Mag
nificat" (Capliero): motet. "O Quam SuavlsV
<CaRlIero): "Tantum Brgo" (Rossini); organ
solos — Prelude ' (Rachmaninoff) ; "llarche So
lennelle" (LemaIgre);"Entrata" (F. .CapoccI),
(a) "Meditation," (b) 'Toccata" <E.' D'Evry);
"Largo" (Handel); "Postlude'-' (Wagner). Dr.
Cornelius Manning was found guilty of
manslaughter I^y a jury in Judge Law
lor's court last night. On July 4, 1899.
Planning returned home while Intoxicated
and began to quarrel with his wife. In
his rage he picked up a lamp and hurled
it at her. The lamp missed her, but
r truck Mrs. Mary Kennedy, a visitor of
the Mannings. The unfortunate woman
was burned so that she died a few days
after. Manning was tried twice, the Jury
disagreeing in both cases. In his third
trial the Jury agreed upon a verdict of
manslaughter after being out several
hours. He will be sentenced next Satur
day.
Convicted of Manslaughter.
Lincoln Corps Xo. 3. Woman's Relief
Corps, had a campfire, entertainment and
dance in the assembly hall of the Pioneer
building last evening in aid of its fund
for distressed veterans of the Civil War
and their families. There was a good at
tendance of those who are ever ready to
help the old soldiers, and for their enter
tainment there was a programme of mu-
Fic. songs and patriotic stereopticon views,
the r-artieipants being Mesdames Sever
rnce, Buswell. Tucker and Dickey, little
Dorothy Tucker and Mr. Sulove. Then
followed dancing and the serving in the
banquet hall of beans and coffee as they
were prepared ln the army.
Lincoln Corps' Campnre.
Along the line of the completed canal
between Oakland, and. Alameda there is
all kinds of evidence of money gone ' to
waste. Three costly bridges have been
built, two of- which are across dry land
and the third across an . uncompleted
canal. A ditch has been cut half-way
across the peninsula that connects Ala
meda and East Oakland. A right of way
for the canal' has been secured and con
tracts aggregating about $1,000,000 have
been completed. » The people are confront
ed •: with a, question of j spending, more
money to repair and undo the work that
has been done than It would cost to com
plete the- canal. : . .- . ¦¦' V :
The first shovelful of earth moved for
the" canal was turned in 188S. The first
contract was foi $600,000, calling for the
removal- of earth from an area 400 feet
wide and 1000 feet In length, i The cut ex-
Considerable Work Already Done.
Then it was discovered that the Adams
heirs and those opposed to the tidal canal
had stolen a march on the tidal canal peo
ple. They had secured possession of
Chairman Burton of the House Rivers
and Harbors Oommittee, and he had held
up the contract in Washington. He vis
ited Oakland harbor with the . general
committee some months, ago, and went
back East without saying a word and
held up the Oakland harbor contracts
upon the ground that the canal is unneces
sary. Now there is consternation all
around. . :
last Republican Congressional fight. Con
gressman Victor H. Metcalf espoused the
cause of the tidal canal and Henry P.
Dalton was against it. ; This caused the
Adams heirs, who had always been bit
terly opposed to Dalton,- to side with him
as against Metcalf and politics and Oak
land club life were given a severe wrench
thereby. Metcalf won and the tidal canal
progressed so far that the contract for its
completion was let, approved in San Fran
cisco, the bridges. were built and the con
tractors, got their machinery on- the
ground. ,-, r
Oakland' harbor was begun it was de
cided'that, a tidal canal should be built
connecting San Leandro Bay with Oak
land harbor, upon, the theory that the
rush of _tldal waters from San Leandro
Bay through Oakland harbor would al
ways keep, that harbor scoured out and
clear. ¦ As much as twenty years ago this
plan was opposed by the Oakland Water
Front Company, which- was simply the
Southern Pacific Company; under another
name, because that corporation wanted
all the money that was spent on Oakland
harbor to be spent upon that part of the
harbor that was, held, and controlled by
the Oakland Water Front Company.
. How the Battle Waged.
Of late years this fight has been re
newed ln the most determined manner
anu it has cut into politic? in many ways.
T'.ie Adams estate controls a system of
docks east of the Harrison-street bridge.
The Adams, estate has always opposed
the completion of the tidal canal because
It would diminish the value of its prop
erty and because it wanted the money
that was being used by the Federal Gov
ernment for the improvement of Oak
land harbor spent in front of its prop
erty. ' - • ' - , ¦
Then came the decision of the Supreme
Court which gave. to the city and to pri
vate claimants all of the water front
land in East Oakland. It became evident
to the Oakland Water Front Company,
which only controlled the water front of
Oakland city proper, under the decision
of the Supreme. Court, that the comple
tion of the tidal canal meant the develop
ment of the East Oakland portion of the
harbor, which It no loneer cantrolled. «*
¦ On ! top of this came the interests of
the city of Alameda. Thinking that the
tidal canal was to be completed the city
of Alameda provided for a sewer system
and partly constructed it, so that. the
completion of the tidal canal Is espoused
by the people, of Alameda for sanitary
as well as commercial reasons.
The tidal canal became a factor in the
ELKS LAN BIG
JOLLIFICATION
very decided in his opinions and actions
in regard to the Alameda tidal canal. He
has been for the completion of the work
and has been the most earnest advocate
of the building of the canal and this is
what he said to-day in regard' to it:
If any member of the Oakland committee
protested against the completion of the tidal
canal It was an act of the grossest treachery.
It was wholly unauthorized and not in accord
ance wttiv. the general understanding: nor the
wish of the community. There was a specific
agreement on' this point between the public
bodies of Oakland and Alameda. and any at
tempt to cut the completion of the tidal canal
out or the plans for ¦ improvement of the har
bor is an underhanded piece of business A
general aereement in regard to the Improve
ment of the harbor was reached some time
a ?°.K an^i Wa ?- 8anctl °ned by special resolution
of the City Council of Oakland and the com
mercial bodies of both Alameda and Oakland
Pursuant to that agreement, the first expendi
ture of the appropriation went to deepen the
channel to a minimum depth of twenty feet
The remainder was to eo toward the comple
tion of the canal. Acting: under the direction
of the public bodies of both cities. Senator
Perkins and myself have used our utmost en
deavors to have the contracts let and the work
proceeded with without further deisv This
agreement should be carried out ln good ralth
and the rights of the. people of Alameda
respected to the letter. Any representation to
the contrary is individual and treacherous
The ueocle of Alameda have cordially co
operated In the effort to secure the appropria-
Uons needed to improve the harbor.- contributed
liberally toward the expense of receiving the
committee and cheerfully aided In the labor
for the common gofld of both cittefe. It is un
just that any one in Oakland should now at-,
tempt to have the work on the canal stopped
In the face of an engagement to which Sena
tor Perkins and myself have been committed
by authorized and representative . bodies
of both cities. , •
The tidal canal has always been a sore
subject of political discussion" in Oakland
It has caused more trouble than anything
else that was ever proposed in the way
of Government improvements. When the
original plan for the improvement of
WILL OBSERVE SOLEMN
FEAST OF ST. IGNATIUS
OAKLAND, Aug. 2.— The old-time
fight over the Aiameda tidal ca
nal is again on in full force. Once
more Alameda County is being
¦\ rent in twain over this ditch.
Business and commercial circles are being
stirred- to the very bottom, political in
terests are being ruptured, the telegraph
wires are being worked night and day
and 100,000 people are agitated over the re
vival of this old specter.
It was thought that the tidal canal
question had been settled through the ef
forts of Congressman Victor H. Metcalf
at the last session of Congress. It had
been arranged that the canal should be
completed, money, was appropriated for
the work and even the contract was let
and the successful bidder put machinery
on the ground. The bridges were all built
and all that remained to be done was to
cut a few hundred feet of. earth away and
complete the canal. '. .
Suddenly it Is announced that the con
tracts are all held up, and it is discov
ered that Theodore C. Burton, chairman
of the House Rivers and Harbors Com
mittee, is the man who caused them to
be held up.
Telegrams have been flying to Wash
ington from all of tfee Federal officials
who live in Alameda County and who are
interested in the affairs of Oakland har
bor. This is the telegram that was sent
by Congressman Victor H. Metcalf:
SUXOL, July 19, 1901. 1
To Hon. EHhu Root, Secretary War: Ap
proval of contractor's bond for dredeins the"
tidal canal has been unnecessarily delayed.
The tidal canal is part of the Oakland harbor
project and Is provided for by act of Congress.
I earnestly urre that there be no further de
lar. VICTOR H. METCALF.
Congressman Metcalf has always been
M. Lowry. a steamship fireman, was
held up and robbed of $2 on East street,
near Pacific, shortly after 8 o'clock last
r.lght. Later in the evening Police Officer
Herllhey arrested F. W. Marshall and
charged him with the crime at the Harbor
l>olice station. According to Lowry's
Htory, he was attacked from behind, and
while ln a helpless condition his pockets
were rifled. The money taken from him
v.-as ln a tobacco pouch, and one found ln
Marshall's possession at the time of his
urrest was identified by the fireman as
his property. The charge against Mar
shall is robbery.
Held Up and Bobbed.
charged desertion and the wife .filed a,
counter complaint on statutory grounds
Judge Hall to-day released Charles
Kohl from the judgment of $15 monthly
alimony recently obtained by his divorced
.wife, Florence.. ¦ ' •¦
• The contract which Chairman Burton is
trying to hold up. calls for the removal of
1.370,000 cubic yards of earth at a cost of
19.74 cents per cubic yard, the total con
tract covering about $230,000, let to the At
lantic, Gulf and Pacific Company.
Now the whole question seems likely to
be reopened and the tidal canal will not
down in the commercial -and. political life
of Alameda County.
• Another costly .improvement is that by
which . the waters from Sausal Creek
have been. diverted from running into the
canal. At a costof $50,000 this creek was
turned from . its course and now empties
into San Leandro Bay.
The first bridge across the canal was
built at Park.- street shortly after work
was finished on this section. It cost in
the neighborhood of $200,000, and Is one of
the biggest drawbridges in the State. It
has never been turned since it was built
and probably will have to be rebuilt be
fore it will turn, so rusted are the bear
ings. . ¦ : ..
Two bridges have been built within the
last year, one at Fruitvale avenue and the
other at High street. Tho Fruitvale-ave
nue -bridge is a . combination wagbn and
railroad bridge and cost $55,000, to -which
must be added $40,000 paid to the Southern
Pacific Company for the i land occupied
byjt. It was built in anticipation of the
completion of the canal and the contrac
tors were compelled to dredge out a place
for the piers and foundations. This hole
is "now filled with stagnant water, refuse
and dead animals,' which adds to the'perii
of those living in the vicinity. The High
street bridge is a substantial structure
that cost the Government $100,000. It is
not surrounded by stagnant water, as it
is reached by the tides. .
First Bridge Across the Canal.
tended from the edge of the estuary 1000
feet across the peninsula. . : \
In the course of the work the dredging
machinery was submerged by the over
flowing of Saucal Creek, and the water
had to be pumped out at great cost. When
the work was finished the cut rapidly
filled with seepage water,* which soon be
came stagnant and bred disease. After
a struggle on the part of the health
authorities of Alameda the War Depart
ment was persuaded to connect the tidal
canal and the t-stuary by dredging out the
strip of land that separated them, the
object being to allow the tides to enter
the canal. The first cut was too small
for any practical use, and subsequently
was enlarged to the full width ] of the
canal at an expense of $100,000.
The canal and Brooklyn Basin, Into
which it empties, have become filled with
mud to such an extent now that they are
navigable only at high tide. This is due
to the sewage from Oakland and Alameda
which empties into the estuary. The in
flowing tides carry the sewage into the
canal, but are not strong enough to carry
it out again, allowing it to settle to the
bottom. It is the theory of the Govern
ment engineers that the weight of water
from San Leandro Bay, rushing through
the canal, will carry the sewage into the
bay The sewage matter is a menace to
the health of the city.
A delightful entertainment was enjoyed
last evening by the thousand or more
guests who gathered in Golden Gate Hall
at thy invitation of First Gregg Shorthand
Society of the Pacific Coast. The society,
which' is devoted to social and beneficent
iViirpcses, was organized last May, and
last night's meeting was one of several
social affairs that the organization has
given tlnce its Inception. The address of
•Me evening was delivered by Hon. A. P.
niack, who was assisted in carrying out
iho programme by Mrs. M. E. Gallahom,
Miss Clalr Madden. Miss A- Nesbit, Miss
K. Madden. Miss E. Cotton, little Ruth
Tavlor, Miss O. Gotnersal. Miss E.
«'rosett, Mls.0 E. Fraser, the Misses Craig,
V. B. "\Vaish, H. D. Page, H. Taylor, Rev.
J. Geerge Giisson. Professor F. C. Cald
well and Smith and Deweese.
Stenographers Make Merry.
J. W. McClymonds, City Superintendent
r.f Schools, has issued a circular ln which
he calls attention to the law passed at
the last session of the Legislature which
prohibits teachers from assigning work to
pupils in the primary and grammar
grades that will require study at home.
It is announced in connection with the
-r&rrangement of courses at the High
School that pupils will not be graduated
'rora the school unless thev are fully pre
j/fc-red to enter the State TTniversity. Up
to the present time there has been a gen
eral standard of graduation which entitled
the pupil to a diploma from the • High
School, but if that pupil wished to enter
tta« State University he or she -was com
pelled to receive the recommendation of
tb« faculty, which required a somewhat
higher standing. Beginning with the class
that enters the High School this year no
pupils will be graduated unless they are
fully Qualified to enter the State Univer
fity.
Fred W. Koch, instructor in chemistry
it the Oakland High School, has resigned
sr.d will take the position of instructor in
science in the San Francisco High School.
Mr. Koch Is a graduate of the State Uni
versity and was considered one of the ris
i-g younger members of the Oakland High
School faculty.
School Director Giles H. Gray gave a
reception to James H. Pond, the new
principal of the Oakland High School, at
his residence this evening. A number of
prominent educators and residents of
Oakland were invited to meet Mr. Pond,
including the following:
John Husa, Fred L. Button, Judge Fred C.
Cllft, John W. Evans, John D. Isaacs, Dr.
Myra W. Knox George E. Randolph, C. H.
Redlnrton. Dr. W. J. Wilcox. D. Robertson,
Superintendent J. "W. McClymonde. S. P.
Meads F. W. Koch, E. F. Burrill. C. L.
Riedenbaeh, Miss E. A. Packard. Miss Annie
F Brown Mies Minnie Bunker. Miss G. M.
Fisher, w! H Graves. Miss E. H. Hilton, Miss
L E Johnson. Miss K. M. Wertz, Miss C. I*
Williams. Miss M. Wrthe. Miss C. B. Palmer.
Miss Man* E Moore, Mies Susie B. Culver,
Miss E MeClymonds, Miss Bertha Knox. Miss
•Lena M Redington. Miss Florence Hanna,
Peter L« Fort Miss Ruby Orton, George D.
Gray Mrs George D. Gray. Miss Mabel Gray.
Miss Elizabeth Gray, Mrs. F. H. Gray.
1118 Broadway, Aug. 2.
The Oakland High School begins the
new year with the largest enrollment in
tt« history. The total enrollment to-day
-mounted to 862. Last year it was 635,
,-r.d the highest point ever before reached
was in March, 1S95, before the Central
High School was organized, when it was
Bit It is expected that the enrollment will
•¦each 675 or even more by next -week-
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
Principal Pond by Di
rector Gray.
Reception Is Tendered to
Largest Enrollment in
History of the De
partment.
PUPILS FLOCK
TO HIGH SCHOOL
Old-Time Fight Over Construction of the, Improvement Is Renewed After -the
Work Has Been Authorized by Congress arid a targe' Portion /of the E>iteK
Dug and Bridged at Great ' Expenses-Congressman Metqalf Is Indignant
CONTRACT FOR THE TIDAL CANAL IS HELD UP BY CHAIRMAN
BURTON, AND ALAMEDA COUNTY IS GREATLY WROUGHT UP OVER IT
BARWUM'S WILL
FIGHT BOYCOTT
"Well Known Rotisserio*
Asks Court to En
join Unions.
Would Have Cooks and
Waiters Compelled to
Raise Embargo.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
1118 Broadway. Aug. 2.
- The proprietors of Barnum's restaurant
the old-time resort of Oakland gourmets
on lower Broadway, have thrown down
the gage of battle to the Cooks* and Wait
ers' Union by sul^ig for a writ of injunc
tion restraining the union from carrying
on the boycott now in force against the
eating-house. •
Antone Pagge, the surviving member of
the firm of Laverel & Pagge, which for
ma r y *.i ears conduc ted the restaurant, la
plaintiff in the suit, and the Alameda
w«i» • , ,° r Counc11 - the Cooks' and
Waiters Alliance and the Bartenders-
League are named as defendants
ritai"?! 1 ?* 7 J - J " McDonal d. acting for the
r™ ,' re^r ted the com Plaint to Judge*
Greene late this afternoon and asked that
a temporary writ of Injunction be issued
pending the trial of the case JuAn*
¦untu n to t So«« be matt 1 r «»*« a&teemeSt
>ni row morning.
_ The complaint, after citing the facts de
™Z^i£T ty Ot the Parlferto 5^
t? rt « a % o1 t of sald defe ndant a combina
th? «*?* conspiracy was entered Into between
t m'date plaintiff into compliance with tho
thi R nhWM^ Ula , t l°, n \ of " aM a «ociatton 3 an<t
sa?d 8 defe e naant 3 Of WS bUSlneSS t0 the *»*«* ° f
th^»«t«T, h ?¦ Stated tnat the defendants
the™t™« ° C ? US , e tne Pontiff to lose
PniintJ Zv f Se of a11 lab °rers in Alameda
nnii- y u ° were , members of any union
which u he S l 3X i e 9 the unIon agreement,
of th* I «* u °t*a in full. The institution
of the boycott -s then referred to:
«,T-J a ! n V ff , a " e * es th *t »n the furtherance of
sad unlawful combination and In order to de-
E&Vn 1 !? & telnti . ff of the servIces of his serv
ants and the patronage of those who were ac
aused«r^n dei " him. said defendant*
?h« «m «t /^ *? be Picketed in front of
m««* . P rfV bnslness of Plaintiff, and to
m * rc , h ?B ? nd down ln front ot the same and to
™i!ii i. OUd and thr<? atenln* tones to th©
public who were passing the said place of
business of plaintiff not to patronize plaintiff
or trade with him in any manner; that plaintiff
was unfair and kept an unfair house.
Further articles quote the language
used by the pickets in dissuading patrons
from entering the house and describe
the transparencies which were carried
about the city bearing inscriptions with a
similar intent. The complaint continues -
That said defendants did in the furtherance
of said conspiracy send emissaries to the var
ious associations and organizations of labor
throughout the county of Alameda and caused
such organizations to pass rules forbidding any
of their members to patronize said plaintiff
under penalty of a fine or expulsion from tho
order to which the said members /belonged
That the good .will of said restaurant la a
part of the assets of said partnership and is of
great value.
The plaintiff says that this part of hia
property is being destroyed, and estimates
the damage already suffered at $2500 but
points out that the defendants cannot be
made to pay damages should judgment
be rendered against them, as they are
''financially irresponsible." It is further
stated that no dispute exists between the
restaurant and its employes relative to
hours or wages.
Plaintiff further alleges that none of his
emploj'es desire defendants to attempt to
help them, but all desire defendants to
let plaintiff and his emplonps transact
their business in their own wfy
?i° n f h . e ,?I 0UI7 ! 1 of a11 of whlch charges
the plaintiff asks the court for an order
perpetually. enjoining- the defendants from
committing any of the injuries com
plained of. Tho action is based on the re
cent decision of Judge Sloss in San Fran
cisco.
WILL TAKE CHABGE
OF GERMAN" STUDIES
BERKELEY, Aug. 2.— Dr. Hugo Carl
Schilling, recently appointed head of the
German department of the University of
California, arrived in this city to-day
from the East. He will take up his work
at the university at the beginning of the
coming term.
Dr. Schilling comes to Berkeley from
Harvard University, where he has held
an assistant professorship since 1891. He
was born in Germany and was educated
there, but he has studied in England
France and this country. He is known
as an able scholar and a man of unusual
administrative ability.
Trade Stagnation tn Bussla.
LONDON, Aug. 3.— "As evidence of the
ruinous stagnation of trade in Southern
Russia." says a dispatch to the Standard
from Odessa. " a Government factory In
spector asserts that 70 per cent of all the
Industrial works of the great manufactur
ing plants of Ekaterinostav have sus
pended, and in order to relieve distress
and to prevent disturbance 40,000 artisans
have been deported to their homes In the
interior at the expense of the Govern
ment. Conditions in the industrial centers
of Russia are similar."
Gives Up a Decoration.
LONDON, .Aug. 2.— There is a curions
announcement in to-night's Gazette to the
effect that King Edward has accepted the
resignation of Major Karri Davies of th«
Companionship of the Bath, "that officer
having expressed the wish that he might
be permitted to serve his Majesty without
any reward," Major Davies received the
decoration for- conspicuous services in
South Africa, especially in connection with
the relief of Mafeking. Such retrocession
of a decoration is unorecedented.
Arrest of Anarchists.
PARIS, Aug^ 3. — According to the Rome
correspondent of the Figaro, who alludes
to the recent arrest of Amiel GalHottl, th©
anarchist, in Switzerland. Quintivallo and
Lanni of the Paterson anarchist srroup.
who recently arrived from the United
States, have also been arrested in Geneva.
The correspondent repeats the 'rumor that
Galliottl i* an accomplice of Bresci, who
killed King Humbert, and came to Europe
with a mission to kill Emperor Nicholas.
Faithful Mexican Hanged.
SAN ANTONIO. Texas,- Aug. 2.— Juan
Rocha was hanged In the County Jail to
day for the murder of John Grimsinger
about a year ago. Rocha was an aged
Mexican servant of the Grimsinger family,
and was deeply devoted to • Mrs. Grim
singer. She lived unhappily with her hus
band and she induced the old Mexican to
kill him while he slept. Mrs. Grimsinger
is serving a life sentence for the crime.
Fred Jevne Sadly Hurt.
DENVER. Colo.. Aug. 3.— At midnight
Fred Jevhe, an old-time ballplayer and
umpire, who has been umpiring the "West
ern ' League games here this -week, fell
from a third-story window of the Victor
Hotel and was probably fatally injured.
Sans lauding Forshell.
STOCKHOLM, Aug. 2.-Hans Ludlnjr
Forshell, formerly Swedish Minister of
Finance. ¦ died last night at San Bernar
dino.- Switzerland. He contributed largely
to the Introduction of gold Into the cur
rency of Sweden.
Preparing for Waldersee's Ketuni.
BERLIN. Aug. 2.—The Senate of Brem
en has voted to confer the freedom of tha
city upon Count von "Walderaee on h!* r«-'
turn from China.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, X AUGUST 3, 1901.
9THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATUKDAT; 3, 1901
10
;^;V;, .-.V' -DENTISTS;.-;"' "' .'; .
A^R^"T^"srmGGINs7^27^^aTkeT~sTr«t,;
Emma Spreckels building. Reasonable prices
for painless dentistry; 'pure gold .filling- $150;
artificial teeth, on plate; look natural and
guaranteed, $5 up; ; a good, metal -. plate $15;
gold and porcelain crowns $5 to. ?10; 'teeth
Without plate; painless extraction...
AT. the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. S09 Mar-
ket st, cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
.have your extractions done. painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; ' gold crowns,
I $3 50 up; plates, extractions free, $1 50 up; of-
fice hours, 8 a. m. to 10 p. m. : Sundays, .9 to 2
p..m. J. W. THATCHER, M. P., Manager.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, . bridges
and fillings; extractions ," or fillings by my
wonderful secret, painless method; 20 yeard'
experience; no students; advice free; pricea
cheapest and guaranteed;, lady • attendants.
DR.- GEORGE W. LEEK, 20 O'Farrell sf
A— NEW unbreakable plate, the Rose Pearl,
i warranted for 20 years; crowns, $3 50; fillings,
1 60c; plates, $5; full set; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental 'Parlqrs, 24 Sixth.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush—
Full set or teeth, $4; crowns, $3; fillings, 25c.
AT Ideal Dental Co., 6 Eddy - st— Work done
on weekly installments; lowest rates.
DR. H. G. TRUMAN, dentist, third floor. Ex-
aminer building; formerly In Murphy bldg. j
LOWEST pricea inS. F. Painless extraction,
60c. N. Y. Dentists, 969 Mission st, cor. 6th.
VAN VROOM— "Painless";. evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market st, corner Sixth.
SET of teeth without plate. . DR. - H. G.
. YOUNG; 1341 Polk st
DETECTIVE. AGENCIES. .
McCABE'S Detective Agency handles all legit-
imate detective business} divorce cases posi-
tively refused. Emma SpreckeU building,
roolns 323-324, San Francisco; tel. South 3S1.
DRESSMAKERS AWD SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School-
Class rates; patterns cut. 1019 Market st
ACCORDEON pleating; country, orders prompt
atttention. 121 Post over O'Connor & Moffatt.
EDUCATIONAL. '.'. ;
AYRES' Leading B^sTn^ss^C^Ie^eT^sTMarket^
$S per month; $50 life scholarship guarantees a
complete business education; shorthand, typ-
ing, bookkeeping,' arithmetic, penmanship,
spelling, Spanish, etc.; experienced teachers;
new typewriters; positions secured; cat. free.
GALLAGHER-MARSH College, Parrott bldg.—
Shorthand, typing and bookkeeping; Robert
F. Gallagher, expert court reporter, te«che,r of
shorthand: reportorial phrasing taught; prac- j
tical bookkeeping, full course, $50; catalogue, j
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law ¦ and medical
J colleges; references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building-.
BOOKKEEPING, figures; the one man who per-
fects beginners, college graduates & bookkeep-
ers Is TARR, the expert 220 Parrott bldg.
MERRILL-MILLER College— Shorthand, • typ-^
¦ ing. practical bookkeeping. Rooms 40-45. Par-
rott bldg.; individual instruction; catalogue.
ENGINEERING- Civil, elec'. mi ning-.mech, sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day. eve.; est 1864. Van
der Nalllen School, 113 Fulton, nr. City. Hall.
ACTING, elocution, specialties; Hallett School.
associated with theatrical agescy securing
- positions. Alcazar building, 120 O'Farrell st
A FULL course of • ElUs bookkeeping and the
Gregg shorthand costs only $«0. San Fran-
clsco Business College, 1236 Market st
HEALCS Business College. 24 Post st. S. F.;
founded 1S63; new SO-page catalogue free.
High School students— The WeeklyGeometry Pa-
pers make home study easy; circulars. 3040 16th.
PIANO and German; pupil of Leipslc Conserva-'
tory; lessons 73c and $1. 320 Golden Gate ave.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar; writing,
etc.: day or eve.; $3 mo.' 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.'
MARY P. Westhaus, piano, mandolin, prultar
lessons, 50c; piano for practice. 39 Fifth st
ELECTRO-THERAPEUTIC.'
Electric-Chemic medication cures faulty nutri-
tion, nerve, blood and constitutional diseases.
Drs. K. & K.'s Electric Sanitarium. 8 Mason.
. EXCHANGE.
EXCHANGE and sales office. 321 Phelan bldg.—
Send particulars of anything you have for ex-
change, sale or want; registration free; genu-
ine oil lands, pold. copper mines, ranches, etc.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
JAPAJ?EsiG^ aiid~Chlnese • help . '-b7~all~k7nds;
I- cooks, waiters and house* servants. GEO.
AOKI & CO., 421 Post st. ; tel.- Bush 135.
ORPHEUM Employment. Of flee— Japanese, Chi-
nese help. 426 Powell, nr.Sutter; tel. Black 5072.
CHINESE and Japanese . employment office—
Best help. 411^, O'Farrell st; tel. East 426.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese employment of-
flce; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 51SS.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED-— FEMALE.
I POSITION as housekeeper by capable, neat, .
elderly woman, experienced 'with children and
entire work of small family; wages $10 to $15.
Call at 2CS Stevenson St. ,
A YOUNG Iad7 wishes a situation in private
family, where she would be willing to work
for board and lodging providing she may at-
tend the Normal School during the day.
207 Powell st. . ..
FIRST-CLASS chambermaid wants \work at a
j hotel or rooming-house. Call at 265^ Harriet.
! VISITING governess to Voucg children;. Eng-
lish branches; music; experienced teacher.
413^ Oak st. . i :
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St.. nr. Mar-
ket— 200 rooms: 25c to $1 CO per night; $1 50 to
$6 week; convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry. ?'
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
recehed at Call branch offlce, 2200 Flllmore at
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been; established at 10SS
Valencia st. '
EMPLOYMENT WAXTEdI— MALE.
SWISS milker; with wife and boy_ of 15. want
i work on dairy; city or country; man and boy
can milk 30 to 45 cows and wife cook for
small family; now or till September 1.- Call
or write 526 Montgomery St.. room- 1.
j GERMAN and wife wish situations on ranch;
i wife good cook ; man can drive horses and
j work about ranch". Box 4571, Call office.
RELIABLE carpenter, best references/ wants
position; competent foreman ; «ntirch work
preferred. Box .4563. Call .office. ,' -.-
GERMAN baker wants situation as , second
'hand; city or country. Address Q. A... 268
Minna st. ' ' . ¦.'.-¦ -
j POSITION wanted Uy thoroughly reliable Scan-
dinavian on city or country place as ' coach-
man, gardener and general utility. man; can
milk and understands his business thoroughly;
references. Box 4502. pall office. .
1 POSITION wanted In wholesale grocery, hard-
ware or - commission house; handy man and
• good salesman; steady and reliable. Address
box 4541. Call. office.- ¦; ;-¦-'.' : ¦
WANTED — Position as indoor servant or chore-
man in private family; references. C. P., 201
Montgomery ave. '
A SOBER, Industrious married man wants em-
ployment as porter, packer Or night watch-
man; 30 years in this city: good reference from
last employer. Address box 4554, Call. '¦¦¦': .
INDUSTRIOUS man of 26 wishes position; had
5 years' experljnce in; heavy hardware,, wagon
and car material. Address box .4557, 'Call. '.'
FIRST-CLASS operator on coats wants situa-
tion. Apply 521^ Howard st. ED STONE. .
NEAT Chinese native son, in American clothes.'
reads and writes English, wants a position
as offlce boy; good references. Box 4519. CalL
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions, - has been . established < at 109S j
Valencia st. • -. ¦ - '. ' ¦•' j '.I
- CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions |
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Fillmore st. .
_ JTiffATHjERS^ RENO VATED.
FEATHER pillows & mattresses steamed, reno- '
vated. E.J.O'Rourke.1393 Valencia;tel.CappOf82. '
; 1 . ¦ . , -
FINANCIAL. * .
PACIFIC Coast ' Underwriting ¦ Co. (inc.)— We
. have 42 offices in operation:, new method of
placing stocks and bonds; companies incor-
porated; stocks and bonds underwritten. .Call
or address main offlce. 607-8-9 Parrott bldg.
¦ , .-.. FLATS TO-LET. - v ; ',;
EDDY, 929-931, near Franklin— Two™beautifui
1 new flats, just completed, comprising all that
modern architecture can ; produce ; containing,
9 and 10 • rooms and bath ¦ each; salon : parlors
! and .reception hall; servant's room additional
with each flat;-' now-: open •'. for Inspection.
, SHAINWALD, BUCKBEE ' & CO., 218-22"0
Montgomery st; ; ..;,: ., ' ;. ' . V •
- NICE 8-room flat - and bath; • sunny side ; : all
modern improvements;: to a responsible ¦ party
." ' only on 2 years' lease. - Apply -from ,1Q to 5
; o'clock, ; 532 Oak st. «.* ' - , <
. FLAT— Lower ' flat, ' 6 rooms and bath; unfur-
! - nished or furnished; 1406 Post'st.. nr. Gough."'
.Apply at premises, 9 a.m. to 5 p.;m.
HAMPSHIRE st.. t near Twenty-fourth— New
..flat; 5 rooms and; bath; rent $17. .•¦ .
• SUNNY, flat of 6 rooms and bath.'. .Corner Mar-
ket and Lacuna 6ts. '.-..:- ' : ' -.' •*/¦'.-":
i LEAVENWORTH. 1519%— Flat ; of 4 rooms and
HELP ' ¦ ' y AJPfteP—- MA^E— -Con.
MKN to learn barber trade; positions at $60
. . monthly secured , after eight .weeks' practice;
two years' apprenticeship saved: examinations
and diplomas given free; complete - outfit of
' tools • donated ; wages while learning ; more
calls for our graduates than can be supplied;
ca!l or write at . once for free .catalogue and
special offer. MOLER BARBER COLLEGE.
635 Clay St. .
WANTED— Recruits for the marine corps, U.
s S. navy, able-bodied, unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of 21 anS 35; not
less than 5 feet 4 inches and not over 6 feet 1
" inch ;. able to speak ' and read English. For.
further information apply at the Recruiting
office, 40 Ellla st, San Francisco.
WAREHOUSEMEN, grain handlers and sack
sewers are hereby notified to remain away
from Vallejo, Crockett and Port Costa until
further notice." By order Bay Counties Ware-
housemen's Protective Association No. 9223.
WANTED— Laborers : and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House." 217 Third st. ; 150 large
rooms f 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
PENSION ATTORNEY EDWARD A. BULLIS.'
Past Commander Geo. H. Thomas Post No. 2.
G. A. R.. room 40. Phelan bldg.. 806 Market.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st, near Mar-
. ket— 700 rooms, 25c night: reading-rooms; free
'bua and baggage to and from ferry .-
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
. lencla st. ' " —
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 FUlmore st.
HORSES AND WAGONS. .
40 HORSES for sale : also wagons, buggies,
carts,' harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market
| 327 Sixth St.; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
"WANTED— One or two horses, color black, 16%
hands, 1200 or 13C0 weight. 6 or 7" years old,
for carriage or hearse. THEODOR DIERKS.
357 Mission st.. San Francisco.
BUGGY horse, gray mare, just from the coun-
try: 6 years old; stylish, gentle and sound. 824
Capp st. \ ; .
BOYCOTT the Roberts Harness Co.; he .sells
too cheap. 54 Eighth st.
40 HEAD of work and 'driving horses; 2 fast
pacers. 721 Howard st.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc.. cheap. EG AN & SON. 2117 Mission st
AN A No.' 1 express wagon, single; also light
camping wagon for sale, cheap. 5S2 Mission.
CHEAPEST and. best In America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
postage paid. - « ¦-.
HORSES WANTED.
HOUSES wanted to work on scraper Job: fcur
. : or five months' work. Apply at 28 Montgom-
ery ft..: room 25. • -'- *.¦ ¦ -. -
___^_g^yjTALS-
MENTAL and- nervous diseases— A few select
cases will be cared for at Hospital and Sani-
tarium. 230 Douglass 'St.. San Franclaco.
HOUSES -TO LET.
A— PRINTED list houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN &. CO., 14 Montgomery.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. *1736— Elegant sunny resl-
- dence, 12 to 14 rooms and bath; fine marine
view; large garden: heaters: 2 dancing halla.
HOUSES TO LET — FURNISHED.
FURNISHED house of 7 rooms; all modern Im-
' provements: sun all day; rent reasonable to
good tenant. 33i6 Twenty-third st, between
Mission and Valencia. v^
LOST AND FOUND.
LOST— In Alameda. a white spitz dog, answers
to name of "Fly"; $5 reward. GEO. WAT-
: TERSON, corner Central ave. and Chestnut
st., Alameda, or BYRON MAUZY, 308 Post
: st, city.
LOST— One Gardner governor near Fourth and
Bryant sts. Finder will return same to A.
ROESEL at Baker & Hamilton's and receive
reward. . • • <
LOST— August 1, pug dog; suitable reward. 960
Minnesota st. near Twenty-second.
LOST — At ferry Thursday morning at 11 o'clock.
. mourning veil; reward. 3440 Twenty-second.
LOST— Compass watch fob and buckle. DR.
MIZNER, 305 Larkin st. ; liberal reward.
IT will pay to "Remember" that the Califor-
nia Watch Case Co., 220 Sutter st. needs old
gold to make new watch cases. • .
Wanted— Old gold and manufacturing. O. Nolte,
Jeweler. .243 O'Farrell. bet. Powell and Mason.
A WEEK'S news for. 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
. MATRI3IOXIAL.
MARRIAGl^uTe^uT^slta^rT8i7T«nabie"&~co^
fldentlal: lists 10c. MRS. HERTZ. 706 Ellis st.
MATTRESSES _ Ayo PILLOWS.
TO order, also cleaned and sterilized, uphol-
stery; Al carpet cleaning; honest work guar-
anteed. HOPKE BROS.. 411 to 413 Powell st:
tel. Bush 421.
— _ MEDICAL.
MRsT'oRr ALLEN, 1118 Market st— Reliable
ladies' specialist; a private home before and
during confinement; best medical care; low
fees. . • .
DR. TALCOTT & CO.— Practice confined to
weaknesses and diseases of men only. 997
|j Market st, corner Sixth; entire upper floor.
HINDOHERB . AND MRS. DR. DA VIES*
original method of treatment; maternity
home; stamp for circulars. 1126 Market, S. F.
T. DUFFY'S solution guaranteed to cure all
_: skin diseases. NW. cor. G. G. ave. & Fillmore.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages. In wrapper for- mailing $1 per year.
MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
•' INTOSH &WOLPMAN. 195-19? Fremont J3t
BARS, back bars, mirrors, restaurant and po-
ker tables, barroom chairs, linoleum, new and
second-hand; we always have a large stock of
saloon outfits on hand; 32 complete outfits on
. one floor, ready made; we can ship everything
in 24 hours. J. NOOXAN, 1017. 1019, 1021. 102 1
Mission St., above SlxthSwrite for catalogue.
j ENGINE for sale — Horizontal Corliss; cylinder
16 inches diameter; stroke 36 Inches; 16-ft fly-
wheel; driving pulley 10 ft diameter, by 30
inch face. Apply Cal. Barrel Co., 327 Market
st., S. F., Cal. . . ¦¦
Graphophones. Phonographs, Gramophones, $3 to
$150; easy terms; children's toy graphophones
$1 50; 2d-hand Phonographs, Gramophones very
cheap; Columbia Phonograph Co., 125 Geary.
AIR compressor, 3 sizes,' 5. 10. 20 stamp mills;
30 mining cars, pumps, locomotive, rail mo-
I tors, -generators; 4 sets hoisting works; steam
and water power. J. . B. Jardlne, 220 Fremont.
A — BUYS, sails or rents -gear, machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys.
etc.- WHITELATC'. 216 Spear Et. ¦ -
A— $3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats, $1 75. Popu-
. lar Price Hatters. 330 Kearny st, near Pine.
FINE suits. $10; dress pants. $2 73. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st.
ALL kinds second-hand building material, lum-
¦ ber. lath, brick and ' firewood ; lowest prices.
Dolan Building Supply^ Co.. 1611 Market st.
4 BEAUTIFUL diamond rings cheap; no rea-
sonable cash offer refused; must sell. 2400
. Howard st. , .....
A LOT of granite, flre escape. 50,000 bricks, at
ANTHONEY'S.. near Second, on Misslon-st.
DIAMONDS, : watches. Jewelry, cash or install-
ments.' Theo. Fershtand, 126 Kearny, r. 29.
FOR sale— New 15-h. p. Union gas engine of tho
latest type. S. & G. GUMP CO.. 113 Geary st
HEADQUARTERS for trunks. 'bags and dress
suit cases. A. B. SMITH CO.. 128 Ellis st
MOVING picture attachments for magic lan-
terns. $12 50. . 109. Montgomery st.
GASOLINE engines, all sizes, new and second
hand. J.E.DOAK, 511 Mission st.
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern engines and
boilers bought ; and sold. KROGH MFG. CO.
BAR outfits, showcases : all lengths and sizes.
J. SCHWERDT. S21 Mission st.
WE pay big prices for ladles' sealskins.. Port-
land Loan Offlce. 25 Stockton st . -•
-SD-HAND machinery of all kinds bought, sold
rented, exchanged. H. k 8. White. 516 Mission.
SAFES— New and second hand; all sizes. THE
WALTZ : SAFE. 109-111 , Market St., San Fran
SAFES— New and second hand. THE HER-
MAN-SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st. *
ENGINES and ¦ boilers ; second-hand • machln
' >ery< J - BURKE. 133 Beale st. ;•
¦ FAIRBANKS' ¦ 10-ton hay scale; Jeweler's steel
¦ i lined safe, perfect order. _ J16 California st
' Gasoline . or distillate engines.' new and 2d hand
all sizes; guaranteed. NEWELL. 56 Bluxome
• MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving pic
: ' j tures. BULLARD.& BRECK. 131 , Post st.
CHEAPEST and' best in America— The Weeklj
i Call. ' 16 pages, : sent to any • address in ¦¦ tht
. ' United Statpa or Canada one year for $1.
1 ; j " >" MISCELLANEOUS ' WANTS." "- ¦'¦-"'
¦ ALL check stamps and stamped checks bought
also documentary, stamps. 1008 Call building
. "^WANTED— Small gasoline .launch: 'state size
% * power ' and ;speed. . ;. Address . box 3719. Call.
1 TILTON wants good second-hand clothing am
theatrical goods. 154 9th it. ; tel. Folsc/n 2522
SAN FRASJCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
CalL corner of Market and Third streets; open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 527 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 p. m.
ZOO Hayes ctreet; open until 9:30 p..m..
€39 McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. m.
615 Larkin street; open until 9:30 p. m.
1841 Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
1261 Market street corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 p. m.
JC6 Eleventh street; open until $ p. m. . ¦
1CS6 Valencia street; open until 9 p. m.
Korthwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
.tucky streets; open until 9 p. m. .'.". :.
7500 Fillmore street; open until 9 p. m. ¦•/ • ¦
MEETING NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Commandery No. 1. K. «#£_
"¦*T., S Post *t.— Special assembly THIS
(SATURDAY) EVENING. Order of l||l
Red Cross. All fraters courteously in- yg'
vited. By order of the Commander.
HIRAM T. GRAVES. Recorder.
MISSION Lodge No. 169. F. and A. M.— m
Called meeting THIS (SATURDAY) -_fi_
EVENING at 7:Sfl o'clock. Second de- TTSf
gree. R. E. ALLAN, Secretary. #^r>
DORIC Lodjre No. 216. F. and A. M. m ¦•
The officers and members of the above _
named lodse are hereby notified to at-^3f
tend the funeral of BROTHER /V>
GEORGE W. STOCKWELL, late a member
of Peninsular Lodge No. 95, Everett. Wash., i
in Masonic Temple, THIS DAY (SATUR-
DAY), at 10:30 a. m. Master Masons are in-
vited. Funeral committee of sister lodges
please take notice. By order of the Master.
J. R. GOLDSMITH. Sec
MISSION Lodge No. 169. F. and A. M.— •
Officers and members are hereby not!-. jWk
fied to attend the luneral of our <3e->SL>'?
ceased brother, FERDINAND FRITZ /^r
MARX of Yount Lodge No. ]?. Napa, from
the hall of this lodge TO-MORROW (SUN-
DAY) at 10:30 a. m. By order of the W. M.
B, E. ALLAN. Secretary.
•THE next regular meeting of the* Past a^p.
Chancellors' Association ' of San », jKL
Francisco will be held at Pythian HXsg^
Castle. 909 Market st, fin SATUR-
DAY EVENING. August 3. An interesting
entertainment will be offered. All Past Chan-
cellors are invited.
. CHAS. S. HOFFMAN. Secretary.'
AUSTRIAN Benevolent Society— Offi- 4 ~
oers and members of the above-named %w5&"-j
society are hereby notified to assem- fi!f»t&i£3
b!e at fnrir hall, 413 Sutter st., on 5^^"
SUNDAY. August 4, 1SHI1, at 8:30 a. "^«*#*'
m. sharp, to participate in the parade from
the hail to the ferries for our thirty-first an-
nual picnic, to be held at Buena Vista Park,
Sausalito. Fines for non-attendance will be
strictly enforced. By order of
M. SCANATICH, President
DE WITT W. TOLL, Rec Secretary.
A GRAND mass meeting will be held SUN-
DAY, August 4, in front of the new City
Hall en Market st to discuss the issue be-
tween capital and labor. DR. C C O' DON-
ICELL and other eminent speakers win ad-
dress the meeting. Come one, come all. .
THE California Debris Commission, haying re-
ceived applications to mine by the hydraulic
process from O. F. Sloan et als.. In the Old
Stiff Gravel Mine, near Vallictta, Calaveras
County, to deposit tailings in Wade's Gulch:
from W. C. Ruff and Manuel Leal, in the
South Hcncut Mine, in Yuba -County, near
Rangor, to deposit tailings in South Honcut
Creek; from Henry Hanley and Marcus Star-
buck, In the Last Chance Gravel and Seams
Mine, near Canyon. El Dorado County, to
deposit tailings in Big Canyon, and from Ar-
thur R. Pride and Robert Bobb, in the Wil-
low Placer Mine, near Bassett's, Sierra
County, to deposit tailings in Deer Creek,
rfves notice that a meeting will be held at
room 59. Flood building. San Francisco, Cal..
on August 19. 1S01. at 1:30 p. m.
EEBEL Cork Benevolent Association^— Come
and see your friends at the Rebel Cork picnic
SUNDAY NEXT, August 4, at Shell Mound
Park; everybody will be there: the gate and
grame prizes which have helped to grive thi*
picnic the reputation which it now has will
excel in value and number all previous pic-
nics- $S50 alone in cash prizes: also a Domes-
tic rewing machine, value $73, which is on
display in the window of 1021 Market st-; a
ur.ion oand second to none will be In attend-
ance at the jjavilicn, also first-class .music
for reel and j!g dancing. Don't forget the
date, SUNDAY. August 4. l?0L
AXXCAL meetinp — The Risdon Iron and Loco-
motive Works — The annual meeting of the
stockholders of the Risdon Iron and Locomo-
tive Works for the election of trustees for the
gensuinir year and the transaction of such
other business as may be brought before the
meeting Trill be held at the office of the com-
j>any, southeast corner of Bea'.«" and Howard
fts.. San Francisco, on MONDAY, the Sth
day of August 1S01. at 31 o'clock a. ns.
L. R. MR AT). Secretary.
ADOPTIOX.
INFANTS adopted into good homes. MRS.
DR. FCSKE. 1416 Eighth st, Alameda.
ASPHALTL3I ROOFIXG. j
JT. PELTIER, asphalt roofing, sidewalks re- !
paired: postal. 1136 Mission: teL Folsom 1607. ¦
ATTORXEYS AT LAW. j
ADVICE free;lr\'oroes private;bankruptcy; col- j
lections attachments; mortgages: bills of sale; I
partnerships :dee<Js; wills' drawn; fees low;oj>eii j
eve's. THURSTON. 1COS«4 Mkt. r. 4. op. 5th. j
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private; j
no fee without success; collections. G. W. j
HOWE. s.tty at law. SS8 Market. cor.Stocbton. j
ADVICE free-, no charge unless ffnccessfuL W. j
W. DAVIDSON'. 927 Market st. opp. Mason, i
L. S. CLARK, Emma Spreckels bids.. S27 Mar- j
ket St.: consultation free: no fees In advance. {
BOOKS— "SEW AVD OLD.
BOOKS of every kind bought TeL Red IX*. '
HOLMES BOOK CO.. 704-70C-7CS Mission st.' j
DO AR DI.\G FO R CHILDREX.
2 OR 3 children to board; good home & moth-
er's care; 510 up; sunny yard. 1697 California.
A GERMAN lady wishes children to board day.
vreek or month; sunny yard. 433 Minna st
BUSINESS CHAJSCES.
A— ?150— Candy store on Ellis st.; daily receipts
about $10; rent $26; good business. Call R.
G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny Et j
A— 12750— BARROOM on Market st.. close to
Chronicle; daily receipts frora S35 to $fJ; rent
J100; a good business. Inquire R. W. WILKE
26^ Kearny st . ' j
A— J600; SALOON, established many years In I
choicest business part of this city; low rent; I
J Investigate at once and you will find a flrst-
» class paying business. Call R. G. WILKE,
26^ Kearny st
A— SIOOO; General merchandise store. with
coal and hay yard, across the bay; estab-
lished many years and doing a splendid busl-
ness. Call R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny st
A-S900; SALOON, with 4 furnished rooms, 4th' i
and Market «s. ; net rent $22: rare chance: !
bargain. Call R. G. WILKE. ' 26i£ Kearny st. i
A— $1500; COFFEE saloon and restaurant ; one
block south of Market st ; daily receipts from
S30 up; clearing about $400 per month; a rare
chance. Call R. G. WILKE. 2G^ Kearny st.
A— S1500; FIRST-CLASS in prices and first-class
paying restaurant close to Chronicle building-
, come, investigate and you will find a splen-
did investment. Call R. G. WILKE, %\i
Kearny Et.
ICO CIGAR stands. 200 candy stores. 300 groce-
ries and bars. 400 saloons, 500 bakeries, 600
stores cf all kinds; hundreds of busineafces to
choose from; call in and eee what we can
offer. WALTER HAYES & CO.. 828 Market.
A CHANCE of a lifetime: fine confectionery
and ice-cream store, with cigars; daily ca;S
business, $20; pop. 30,000; can be fully Investi-
gated; owner going East; sold reasonably if
at once. MARION GRIFFIN. 719 Market st.
jr*0-SALOON and lodginp-house; city front;
best business location in the city. McLAUGH-
LIN & CO.. 777% Market st ; estab. 25 years.
FOR sale— At Invoice price, the merchandise
store of CXOPIUS & CO.. Santa Rosa, with
its two branches, one at Sebastopol and one
at Healdsburg, as a whole or each Ftore sep-
arate: disagreement among partners the cause
of felling. For particulars address "CXOPIUS
& CO.; Santa Rosa.
PARTT wishes to buy good-paying lodging-
house in good location: north of Market st ;
no agents. Address, dating terms, etc., box
4563. Call office. ¦ •>¦".¦'.
J6M— RESTAURANT doing a good business:
centrally located: cheap rent; with lease; 5S
chairs; a bargain; ov.ner must sell on ac-
count going north. Address box 4333. Call..
BRANCH bakery and \-ariety store; a bargain.
82i Howard St.; no scents. . *
GOOD paying branch bakery for sale cheap.
S3S Hayes Bt.
WANTED— An. honest and sober partner with
£3000 in an optical business; must either .be
Mi or>ticlan or be able to attend to corre-
eponfiing. etc. ; cash receipt!" about $1500 to
J20C0 per month. Address GEORGE - MA Y-
ERLE, German Expert Optician, 1071% Mar-
ket et.. Ean Francisco. . ..-
FOR sale— Novel and useful patent; a money
maker; a bargain. Box 4045. Call offlce.
COMPLETELY furn. restaurant for sale cheap;
20 hardwood tables. Inquire 5J2H Brannan.
GUN & locksmith business & buildings for sale.
Address S. F. Call Agent, Santa. Cruz. Cal.
WASTED for cash on short notice — Groceries,
hardware, merchandise. 14 McAllister, r. 16.
<*OOD - paying restaurant and lodging-house;
a miles from city. Address box 2943, Call.
MOXBY TO LOAX. £
AX^jIXNHATTl^LaATcOMPAXr.
$3C0,CC0 at 6 per cent in sums to suit. City ana
Oakland ; town and country Property, second
mortgages. life Insurance & «^ ur , 1 ""' e i? an^
on unsettled estates, undivided Interests in
real estate and legacies. We will purchase any
of above securities. Tel. Red aO24. MAN-
HATTAN LOAN CO.. 7th floor. Crocker bldg.
ANY AMOUNT at 6 PER CENT
First, second and third
Undivided interest in real estate in VJ<**te..
Mortgages and legacies bought; no delay....
Get my terms before doing business elsewhere..
....„.; ;.. R. McCOLGAN .••---•
— 24 Montgomery st.. room 3 -
HERMAN MURPHY. 6C3 Examiner bu» aln /-
$o.eCO.OCO at 6%. or less in J ar S e . sum 4' 'i*^
- on second mortgages, estates, etc.; financial
problems of all sorts and sizes. If your vrop-
erty Is -mortgaged and you need more money
see HERMAN MURPHY. 603 Examiner bldg.
A-MONEY to loan at rates which people can
afford to pay on furniture, pianos, etc. , do
not borrow of your friends or you will U>se
their friendship; do business . with strangers
and you will be better satisfied: no delay, no
publicity. Rooms 9 and 10. 906 Market st
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent: first,
second mortgages, estates in probate, interest
In estates. legacies, chattel mortgages; secur-
ities, manufacturing, mercantile an* mining
Interests: corporation loans. R. lb. 1st noor.
Chronicle building. HALLORAN & OLSEN^
RELIABLE corporation, established 1865. proper
place to borrow money on diamonds, jewelry,
pianos & sealskins, at lowest rate of interest.
9 Grant ave.. near Market: tel. Black a4.1.
HIGHLY respectable, private pface to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, jewel.-*- at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 945 Market
St.; teL Main 1644. Branch 19 Third st.
$25,000 IN trust to loan at 6 per cent; city or
, country: see me- before going .elsewhere.
HARPER. 397-Parrott building. =_
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc.. by private
party: no removal; no commission: confiden-
tlal. Room 3. Conservatory bldg.. 301 Jones.
ON furniture, pianos: no removal; money
quick; lowest Interest: easy terms; no broker-
age; reliable party. 1170 Market St.. room 63^
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watches, jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL.10 Sixth;
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
ONE per cent on furniture: $3 a month on each
$1000; any security. 302 Montgomery st. r. 1.
MONEY loaned salaried people without secur-
ity. Hill; r. 44. Merchants' Ex.. 431 California.
DEAL, direct: furniture, pianos; Ao removal:
low rate; strictly private. Lick. 116 McAllister.
3% on furnfture and pianos: $15 up: no removal :
no commission; private. Room 81, 6 Eddy st.
ON salaries" or wages: no indorser required. S.
F. DISCOUNT AGENCY. 143 Phelan building.
LOANS money on salary; no' Indorser; Eastern
plan. Western Loan Co., 309 Phelan bldg.
$100,000 TO loan "on real estate or for building:
low rate. 222 Sansome- St., room Z. n -
THE Tousley Company; loans and discounts.
321 Parrott building. ¦
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
Indorser. MORRELL. 609 Examiner building.
t. MUSICAL IVSTRUMEXTS.
A~QUESTIOX
Wty is it our competitors fight and say more
against the Ludwls piano than any other
make? Because they know that there 13 more
real value in the "Ludwlg" than any other
piano. It Is the best piano for the money In
the market. They know it. We know it and
you will know it when you see and hear It.
THE WILEY B. ALLEN CO.. Sole Agents..
933 Market St.. S. F.; 951 Broadway. Oakland.
A MOST remarkable sale of pianos at reduced
prices will close August 1 at our store, 769
Market St.; parties who have not been able to
decide have now only three days in which to
do so; we shall have an extra force of sales-
men to wait upon customers, so that none
may go away disappointed; remember, that S
all our pianos are offered at 20 per cent and
30 per cent discount from the regular prices.
THE ZENO MAUVAIS MUSIC CO.
ALL pianos purchased of SHERMAN, CLAY A
CO. may be exchanged for a new Steinway
upright or baby grand piano any time within
3 years from date of purchase, and have full
price allowed^ New upright pianos, $6 per
month; some /good pianos sold for $3,' $4 and
$5 per month. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO..
Steinway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
sts.. San Francisco; corner Broadway anil
Thirteenth St.. Oakland.
ANY piano sold by us taken back any time
within 3 years and full purchase price al-
lowed on a new peerless Knabe at regular
price; costs you only 20c a day to buy a piano
from us. KOHLER & CHASE. 30 O'Farrell
st; established 1S50.
A SURPRISE awaits all who are interested in
the self-playing piano: the Cecllian is the lat-
est and best ; you "¦ are invited to our daily
concerts. BYRON MAUZY, 303 Post St.,
Union square, sole agents Sohmer & Co..
Byron Mauzy, Gabler, Lester, Hamilton and
Splehnan pianos." y. --— •-_ •
ANY make at lowest prices. Agency famous
Hallet-Davls. Bargain list $50 up; uprights;
Mahogany Fischer, $95; Steinway, $1S5:
Chickerlng $163; 70 others; rents $2 up; great
Inducement to agents.
HEINE PIANO CO.. 217 Geary St.
A LIST of fine second-hand pianos— 1 Emer-
son, 1 Hallet & Davis. 1 Conover, 1 Curtaz. 1
Sterling, $75, $125. $145, etc.: easy payments.
BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. 16 O'Farrell St.,
Chickering. Vose. Sterling Agency; also
Apollo, king of self-players.
ANOTHER cleanlng-out sale of storage pianos
at your own price; $6 installments: no reserve.
WILSON" S STORAGE CO.. 1736 Market St.
AT KEEFFE'S piano store, 22 Turk. nr. Mar-
ket— Shoninger and Schubert pianos.
NEW upright; sold for advances. PIERCE
Piano Factory. Market, 14th and Church sts.
GOING East account of death; must sacrifice
large 3-pedal upright piano. 316 Turk st
ELEGANT new upright pianos for rent, $3 per
mo. SCOTT-CURTAZ Plano'Co.. 560 Hayes.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER.^maker, repairer, 2 Latham place.
$150 BUYS elegant modern upright; or rent for
¦ $2 50 n onth. 342 Kearny st.
STEINWAY. $200: Hartman, $100; elegant new
pianos. $130 up. W. C. Hamilton, 8 Flood bldg.
GOOD second-hand upright for ... sale cheap.
SCHMITZ. 16 McAllister St. .
A SPLENDID Steinway: uprights, $100; pianos
rented ?2 upward. BRUENN, 208 Post st.
A LARGE lot of second-hand upright pianos
for sale cheap. HORNUNG'S, 218 McAllister.
A FINE upright piano for sale cheap. 837 Me-
AlUster st. . -..
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The "Weekly Call.
IK page?. In wrapper for mailing. XI per year.
OFFICES AND STORES TO LBT.~
BASEMENT to let: suitable for "bakery. In^
quire 106 Eleventh st. ; rent $10.
328 PACIFIC st.— Handsome, large store, cheap:
also 810 Sansome. store $6 per month.
OIL.
OIL tanks, second hand. In good order: all
sizes: cheap. H. S. WHITE. 516 Mission st
PHYSICIAXS- AXD SCRGEOXS.
DR. C- C. O'DOXNELL- Offlce and residence,
1021 Market st.. between Sixth and Seventh.
DR. WONG HIM, herb doctor, successfully
treats all diseases of the human body; see
testimonials at offlce. 115-117 Mason, nr. Ell's.
1 A— DR. WONG WOO, herb doctor; sanitarium!
764-766 Clay St.; see testimonials at office.
; ~~ ~ PERSONALS. • - . . •
A — IF your hair is falling or you are bald, call
on DR. G. S. MOORE. 332 O'Farrell st, and
you will not be disappointed; this remedy la
i positively guaranteed; preparation sent to all
parts of the world: call or send for circular.
1 $17 50— SOLID cak. bedroom set; plate mirror.
$1— Solid oak chair; factory price. •
$2— Enamel beds, all sizes. Tel. Folsom 1323.
Searey's Credit House, 1429 Mission, nr. 10th.
, ELECTRIC light - In every room— Winchester
Hotel. .44 Thlrfi St., near Market: 700 rooms:
25c to $1 50 per night; $150 to $5 per week;
I _ free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
; $1 WEEKLY — Suits to order from genuine
Scotch $15 up; fine dress suits. $20 up; ele-
gant overcoats. $15 up. LEON LEMOS. 1117
Market sf. between Seventh and Eighth.
THOROUGH musical training: piano lessons
50c. For appointments address MISS M. M.
. I GALE, 1319 Broadway. Alameda, Cal.
- WHITE enamel iron beds, single, three-quarter
3 or double, $2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO.. 1310-1312 Stockton st.. near Broadway.
- PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates: tU
years* experience. J. B. RAY. 836 Mission st.
- ANNIE— Let us go to HENRY'S Oyster House.
. open all night. 420 Folsom st
- DR. LAMOTTE'S French Corn Paint, the best
corn cure; 23c: all druggists.
; MARCEL WAVE done at the new halrdresslng
parlors. 121 Mason st A. ZIRKEL.
- ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna; restores. gray
~ hair to Its natural color; $t; at all druggists.
r SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
9 electric needle. MISS EATON. 1119 Sutter st.
- TAILOR ' made suits. $7 50: dress pants.. $2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
¦* OLD gold, silver, diamonds and precious stones
} bought. J. R. JENKEL. 817 Market st.
- j MASQUERADE costumes, play books. wIks:
'. j > country orders. ; GOLDSTEIN & CO V 733 Mkt.
- , CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
i Call,-; 16 ' pagea, : sent to any address - In .tbt
• I United States or Canada one year for.tt.-
--/ ¦ .. '
FLATS TO LET— Contlnncd.
STOCKTON,* « r 603-^m^y^1turnl3hed . flat, - 3
., ' rooms : and • bath ; ' also , single * rooms. . ' ' ¦' T,t -
FLAT ~ of 5 - sunny rooms ? and bath, . yard and
basement. ...134 Page ist. ;¦ ' ;¦ ;: . .
: FLATS ; TO LET— FURBfISHEp^ ;
SHOTWELL,' 606A— Flat, 5 furnished rooms and
bathrrent $18. ; ...-¦-..-.'-. - -¦.. . ¦..,.¦ . ' : :'. ;\-
-.-' FURNITURE FOR SALE.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak. $48 50, with No. 7
range. King, Furniture Co. . 1127-1131 ¦ Market.
, FURNITURE \V ANTED, t
CAL. Auction Co., 1462 Market— Buys furniture,
.. merchandise, etc. ; phone Jessie 207L • ; - •.
Auctioneer; W. . P. . Beaucnamp, 2 Golden Gate
. ave. ; tel. Jessie 126; furniture.' mdse., bought
BEFORE -selling, your furniture, see Abram's
Auction House, 1105 Mission. Tel. Jessie 1160.
TEL." Jessie 761 before. selling furniture, car-
pets, pianos, etc. CHAS. LEVY, 1135 Market
A. WOLLPERT, 773 Mission st.,. pays highest
price for ¦second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1354.
Auctioneer— L. Vincent, 1305 Larkin; tel. Polk 694.
furniture and furn'd houses bought; spot cash.
. .'•'.-- ' . GLOVES. ; : ' - .'
D. & F. new $1 glove; retailed at factory price;
'. warranted; kejjt'In repair. 121 Grant ave. '.
HELP. .WANTED— FEMALE.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S... .Phone Grant 185
HOTEL DEPARTMENT :..:.......
2 waitresses, Santa Cruz, fare paid down,
start Sunday, $20, call- early, v • ' ->-/¦.¦
C. R.'HANSEN & CO. ......... -.104- Geary st.
HEAD waitress, city ...;..... '..'..'. . . ... $30
6 waitresses. San Diego, Cafe ...... $25
Waitresses, city and commercial hotels. $20-$25
Laundress, hotel, free fare, see party here. $30 i
' Chambermaid, springs, steady ¦ place....; ..$20
Masseuse, baths, city.. '. .....$S0
..FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Cook, Menlo Park/see party here $35
Cook, city .:.......................;... $35
¦' Chambermaid to do laundry work.. ....... ..$25
' Many others too numerous to mention. S
C. R.'. HANSEN & CO... 104 Geary Bt
MRS. mT E.DAY & CO. .Phone Main 1575
. ...HOTEL DEPARTMENT :..
waitress, .$30; 10 waitresses, - Southern
California. . special rates; 2 waitresses, first-
class commercial hotels. $25, - fares paid; 8
' waitresses, city hotels, $20; restaurant wait-
ress, short hours, $6 week; 3 "chambermaids to
¦ wait, $20. . . ..:.-;:.
. . . ;; . : . . . FAMILY DEPARTMENT ....•;.....
! 2 ranch cooks, places near together, $20 and
$25, see lady here; second girl, $20; nurse, one
child. In hotel, $15;; many choice private fam-
ily places. .'¦ -.[- • -...''¦ . ' ;¦
MRS. M.E.- DAY. & CO. ....... ..335 Geary st.
WANTED— Cook; Mt. "View, see party * here,
,$30; housekeeper for Catholic priest, $20, coun-
try; 2 kitchen maids for institution, $20; wait-
', resses for commercial hotels, country',. $25;
¦ German \ or French nurse, J25 ; lady' s maid,
' $25; 8 second girls, $20, $25, city and country;
Swedish cook, $35, no washing; 2 chamber
work and laundress,. $25; cook, private board -
, Ing-house, $30; 2 waitresses for restaurant, $8
week; chambermaid, -waitress, private bQard-
- ing-house, sleep home, $25; girl for all kinds
of houfe work,' city and < country. Apply to
J. F; CROSETT & CO., 316. Sutter st ,
A— HOTEL GAZETTE, 26 Montgomery, rm. 12.
Chambermaid and waitresses, country, $20.
WANTED-^A good cook, willing to attend to
small washing and able to give first-class ref-'
erences, can obtain a situation by calling in
, person between 6 and 8 evenings; wages $30.
MRS. A. SCHILLING, 1403 Jackson st, cor-
oner Nineteenth, Oakland. .
WAJfTED— First-cla3s cylinder feeder: willing
to go to country. A.PPly THE HICKS- JUDD
CO., 23 First ;st : .
CATHOLIC girl or woman to make home with
¦ elderly lady, and' perform . light housewofk;
' wageo small,- Call at 655 Pine st., Monday.
A YOUNG lady compositor wanted three days a
week. Apply 320 Sansome st, room 21,' be-;
tween 12 and 1 to-day. . . j
WANTED — Middle-aged chambermaid: must
have experience; $30 per month and room.
123 Eddy st . .•.-.-.
WANTEI^Lady piano player for country.
Z Apply from 10 to 12 a. m. and 1 to 4 p. m. at
/963 Mission st, room 9.
GIRLS to paste cloth samples; call Saturday.
BKLASCQ-HARRIS CO.. 541 Market at.
TAILORESS. ROOS BROS.. 25-37 Kearny st.
GOOD girl for general housework. 622 Market
street '., , . . ; . .:, ¦
YOUNG girt for second work; $15. Maudsley
Sanitarium, 2111 Pine st, 11 a. m. only.
WANTED— Two intelligent ladles at Room
<" Renting Agency, 9S5 Market st, room 14.'
WANTED — Girl for general housework ; wages
$15. Apply 2808 Twenty-fourth st.
GOOD plain cook; light housework;- references.
: 2418 Washington at. ¦ : -*'. - • ; ' .-" •
WANTED— Tailoress; fellin« hand. 1007V4 Lar^
kin st •_'..- ¦¦ ¦¦..''¦¦•
WANTED— Girl: general housework and cook-
Ins:. small family; $16. 905 Eddy st ' .
YOUNG girl for light housework; must' sleep
at home; $10. . 3325 Twenty-third, nr. Mission.
FINISHERS and apprentice wanted. Room 134,
Spring Valley building. •.-¦-'' ¦ .
¦WANTED — A- young girl to learn to wait al
table. 2*3 Leavenworth st.
YOUNG lady for candy store; experienced. 130
Polk .at. ; "¦: •; '- ¦.¦..¦¦
WOMEN and girls to work on fruit; both
piece and day work; -steady, clean work all
summer. Apply Tenth and Bryant its. .
CODE-PORTWOOD CANNING CO-
EXPERIENCED canners for fruit: ' steady
, work; highest wages. Apply California Can-
neries Co., 425. Brannan st.
WANTED Immediately, women and girls to
work on fruit: steady work; highest wages
paid. California ' Canneries 'Co.. 425 Bran-'
nan »t. _ '."'.' ¦..:'.:¦ .' .•'
WANTED— Women and girls to work on fruit;
steady work at good wages. Apply at FON-
TANA BRANCH, California Fruit Canners'
Association, corner Francisco and Taylor sts.'
WOMEN and girls wanted to work on fruit;'
" steady, work at good wages. Apply at CUT-
BRANCH, California Fruit Canners'
'. Association, corner Seventh and Berry, ats. ; .
A MIDDLE-AGED Protestant lady to do gen-
eral" housework: family of five; good home
home for a respectable 'woman; no trlflers;
plain cookinir. 3507 Twentieth St.- ¦
WANTED— Experienced 'salesladies. Apply at
HALE BROS.', between 8 and 11 a. m. '.'¦-.
OPERATORS on waists and wrappers, j NEW-
BAUER BROS.. :C07 Market st.
GERMAN girl, cook and light housework, $25.
1525 Howard st. ; before 9. <.- -. '-. "." •"•-. . ; ¦..
GIRL for general housework. ; 1053 Market St.,
upstairs. ' . . ¦ ¦.-< r-, -•¦¦-.
LADY. to assist light housework; good home.
Call after 1 p. m. 116 Taylor Bt.' . *
GIRLS.' jnen • and ¦-¦¦ boys „ wanted. " • Apply at
American Can Co.. Ninth and Townsend sts.
WANTED— Good girl for housework ;¦ nice easy
place. . 1008V4 Market st, room 4. , , ; "-> .
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions '
. received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Fillmore St.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions [ has ] been established, at 1096
Valencia st. -. ¦¦.¦- . : * ¦ * ".¦ ,
V HELP WANTKD — -MALE. .
AT C. R. HANVEN~!&X^7i?!740rGeary st
- Wanted — 500' men for new railroad work.
' - Teamsters, :laborer«.* trackmen, " spikers,
; straspers, | section men," tunnelmen," rockmen
:• and drillers. *';; . ' - - : ' -,:: • ; ¦ - ,
......For S. P." and Santa Fe Systems......
.....'...'..and Cal.' : and 'N. W. Ry..at..:
:./....... Ukiah ....
, .'. Nevada ......................
...,..,....,....., ... Truckee ...,:.. .;.....;.
.'....:....,..,,... Coast -Road ...,;.
. . ... ..w.'. .... Chatsworth Park. ........ . . .'.;.;,.
............Wages . $1" 75 to 53 a day .'..
.Free Fare........ .Ship Daily..'.. ....Free Fare
-.2C0 teajnsters and laborers for Great North-
ern Railroad in. State of Washington; $2 a
day; board $4 50 a. week. ;:,*,"
-200 laborers, pick and shovel work, for large
electrical -company; $2 25 a, "day; fare ad-
vanced. . •: ' -; ' • ' • . -;¦ •..:
.'50 ,1a borers for, Sawmills and woods;*$26 to
. $30 J, and board ; ¦ f are : advanced ; • 10 lumber
"pilers, $35; 'band .sawyer, .i $3 .a day: gang
I edgerman, $50; farmer and wife," $50; 20 farm-
ers and milkers, $30 ' and * $35. - .
. . . . . : HOTEL DEPARTMENT . .......
Head cook.v 1 country 7 hotel, - $60, see party
* here; baker and: pastry cook, $55; s helper, $35,
.country hotel.see party: here; head cook, $70
to $80; second cook. $50; machine dishwasher,
. cquntry s hotel, • . $30 and -* free . fare ; ; porter,
.: country hotel, $25 'and fare.- .-,'.
,C. R. HANSEN & CQ.V-.-------1C4 Geary, st.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE, 26 Montgomery, rm. 12.
Chef, ' $K; second cook, . $50, near. city. '
TRUSTWORTHY- . persons ¦• in ; each U State ': to
manage business of. wealthy sal-,
ary • $18 j cash ' each ; v Wednesday from
¦ quarters;' expenfie^money -advanced. 'Man-
ager,325 Caacton ¦ building. Chicago..- /- <
WANTED— First-class cylinder feeder ; willing
vtq go to country. -.Apply THE HICKS- JUDD
; m.. n first « t -.'.- : :,-*¦ A-'t-.-.--. r •.-•: . -^.,,
: HELP . WANTED— MALE--Co^ .
MURRAY^^READY^TiT^V^Phon^Main 584S I
•Leading Employment- and Labor Agents.'
-...- •"', '--'634-636 Clay- st. . " '. .
. '500 railroad men wanted. . - • : .
: •• , ;S.'.P.R. R.— Santa 'Fe.. ; .
• ' Cal N. W. Ry.
For Ukiah/ frees fare.
350 teamsters, laborers and men to cut right
a of way for -Ukiah, free fare, wages $2, $2 25
'and $2 50. ; • - ' - - .. . - . :
- Blacksmiths, R. R. camp,' Ukiah, free fare.
Ship to Ukiah -'morning and afternoon. > .
. -' .- - . '".'¦ ' .- .-.-.S.?P. R. R. . . . . <--; ": i
:15O -men -.'for section, ballast, track, :. rock,
steel and other gangs on < all ¦ their sections,
including : Los , Angeles and Santa Barbara,
. f ree ' fare, office ¦ fee ' $1. :. .
:. ' . -SANTA, FE R. R. : .". "\
vlOO men to work on the Santa Fe system,
.--. company work, between- San Francisco' and
Bakersfleld. • ¦ ¦, ' ¦ • ¦
Free fare. .' Ship daily.
. . . . . : . MECHANICAL DEPARTMENT ....:. }
Blacksmith, no shoeing, near city...: $2 50 day
Blacksmith, R. R. camp, free fare.. $50 and fd
2 more bridge carpenters, see boss here. $3 day
.'institution,^country..... ......... Z
. .."" ¦...¦..'.•...'.':. $2 «: day "and found •*
2 carpenters, near city, $60 and found; car-
penter, mine, • $57 and found; spooltender for .
* woods, ' see ' boss here.'.free fare;- 2 black-
smith's, helpers; 4 blacksmiths
.....::......... fruit pickers ;....;..:;.-.":.
| 10 men or strong boys : to ' pick fruit, $30" and -
found ; . 5 men to ¦ work • in . dry yards and i
packing house, $30 and found; 15 -men or
strong boys to pick and pack fruit and vege-
,¦ tables, / fare £0c, long job, 'big ranch, no ex- :
required yto pick fruit; if you can *¦
- .eat fruit you can\>tck and pack it. ......
• •• MINES, QUARRIES. . ETC . . . . .... . . -
«3 miners, good mine, north, fare $2 50..'. $75
. 6 miners, $60; 25 drillers, $67 50; 5 'laborer.?, *
gold mine, north, $60; 10 laborers,' cinnabar '
. mine, ..San Luis Oblspo County, ! $42 and :
. found; 5. laborers, .'surface work, ' $3tt and
f o*nd ; ' 5 quarrymen,: Solano County. $60 ; 10
laborers, tare $20, $2 a day; 15 laborers, city,
. $26 and found; 23- quarrymen and drillers, . $2
'to $2 50 day; 30 laborersr ; electric power com-
pany, $2 25 day, fare, paid; 25 laborers wanted
for., city and country work, $1 50 • to . $5 day, .
no >: experience required ................:... I
/I'..?:....-. ...... MARRIED HELP .....'..........
Man and wife, stock , farm,.' $45 and found,
. see boss here at 9 a. 'm. to-day; cheesemaker
and wife, see boss here; man and "wife for }
orchard. $40, see boss here; man and wife
wheat, ranch,' $60 and found; man and wife, "
fruit ranch, . $36 ' and found, no work for wife
¦ 'but to cook for four men... ......... ....".¦.'..
.......MISCELLANEOUS. FARMS, ETC ...... d
-Harness cleaner, livery stable ........: $00
'Stableman, truck stable ~...... •. -..$60. -
' 4 stablemen private and livery; 5 deckhands- • *
Y $40 and .found ; 5 men to work in flour mill,/
$2 50 day; 8 laborers to pile : lumber, $3 to $5 "
'¦-¦'•day; laborers to handle. freight, $2 to $5 day '
and found ; 5 . warehousemen, $10 and 'found;
2 milk wagon drivers, $60 and $40 and found;
10 laborers for, sawmills, fare paid; 5 labor- ,
ers for woods,' ; fare paid, ship to-day; work- "
{ Ing foreman, small ranch, $50 and found; 3
men for harvest work, $3 day; 18 . farmers, •
steady jobs, $26 to $35 and found; 10 milkers," ¦
$30 -to $40 and found; 28 choremen and tjoys;^ j
15 sand wagon teamster3. city, $1 75 to $2 day; t
. 150 teamsters for city and country .work, $1 50 •
' to $4 day; "25 laborers, in- and work,
' city,. $1 75 to $2 day ..... ........... ;
.; -HOTEL DEPARTMENT. ETC .;.::.. '
' Cook and dishwasher, country hotel; $70 and
found ; cook, -country hotel,-' $43 and found; 4
, ranch cooks, $30 and $35; cook, country hotel. '¦
north, $40; camp waiter, Truckee, $30 and
found ; camp dishwasher, Truckee. $30 and •
•¦found; dishwasher,' country hotel, $25; 3 por-. -
¦ters; 2 messboys; 45 waiters, and others;
butcher,' country shop, . near city, $30 and j
found •-...........'.. .: '•
- MURRAY. & READY ...... 634-636 Clay St.
AT THE CAL. EMPLOYMENT AGENCY,' !
59 Third st, near Call bldg. Phone Bush 405.
, Railroad men. , •' ,= -: ¦
. . '¦'•¦. "* Ukiah. . - . :
Cal. N. W.R. R., Ukiah. - „
200 teamsters, Ukiah .$2 per day
100 axmen and shovelers, Ukiah:.. ..$2 per day
Free fare. .....:... Free fare ..Free fare ;
Wanted, 100 shovelers at... .....$2 25 per day
Large company's own work. - We guarantee
work until snow flies, the very best of board
and fare advanced. ¦ •-• ¦
60 laborers...;.. $150 "per day and board
' Italian foreman ; and . 50 laborers j for large
ranch to top beets.,
-' 6 laborers, near city $125 and board
Band sawyer, south — ....$3 per day
Edgerman, country... $4 per day
Pointer, sawmill, country ..:.$2 75 per day
15 men to cut 4-ft. pine wood, $1 40 per cord,
tools and provisions advanced. -
YOUNG stenographer and •typewriter; cheese
maker and wife; butter and cheese maker ;-
2 farmers and wives, |40 and. $45; man to .
pack apples and make cider and vinegar, $25
to $30 and found: farmer for gentleman's
country place. $25; 2 stablemen.- $40 and
board and $60; 10 men to handle freight. $3
to $4 day ' and board ; teamsters for country.
$3 to $3 25 day; man to run electric elevator,
$20 and found; American milker, $30; Swiss
milkers. $30. and others. J. F. CROSETT &
CO., 628 Sacramento St. ' .' ¦ ¦¦- :
HOTEL cook, country, $10, fare advanced;
boarding-house cook, $40; coffee saloon cook.
$8 week; assistant pantryman. $6 50 week:;
elevator boy $10 and found; dishwashers and
others. J. F. CROSETT &.CO., 628 Sacra-,
mento st - ''¦¦'¦"¦ ' .
JOURNEYMEN barbers. . attention!— A very
important^ meeting of the J.' B. 'I.' U. of A.
Loeal'148 of San Francisco. Cal.. will be held
Monday evening. August • 5,- 1901, at Shieia
building 32 O'Farrell st. A fine of $1 will
* be imposed for non-attendance. By order A.
E. WR AY, President I. LESS. Secretary, j
I JOURNEYMEN Barbers' International Union —
Free employment. .927 Market st, room 207.
'I. LESS, secretary; telephone Jessie 1176.
BARBERS, notice— The. members of the State
Board of Barber Examiners will hold even-
Ing sessions from 8 o'clock until 10 o'clock
p. m.,- for. the purpose of issuing certificates.
Emma Snreckels building. ' 927 Market st,
room 204. P. W. DRAKE, Sgcretary.
HOP PICKING — Wanted. 2000 men, women and
children to pick hops; pleasant work; crop
very, heavy; easiest . picking; hop dances
'nightly; good music; good camping accom-
modations; ¦' tents . rented cheap; wood and
plenty good water free. Groceries at . city
prices; stores, bakery, and postoffice '. on
ranch. Picking commences August 12 at
Horstvllle Ranch, 2 miles east of Wheatland,
• on Bear River. Apply or' address P. M. :
ROONE Y. ! Horstvllle, ' . CaL , or HORST
BROTHERS, .122 Battery St.. San Francisco.
WANTED— Steady, man satisfied with $15 to $13 .
per week; light work;, steady, place; must
have $150 cash. -765 Market st^room 3.
' A— STEADY man with $200 cash can make $73
a month. Apply • at 209 Kearny St.. room 1.
GOOD barber for Saturday, and Sunday, $4 50.
618 Broadway. ¦ ; % ,.-
BARBER wanted for Saturday at 664V4' Mission j
street. . . ' • ¦ '.: |
FIRST-CLASS stitcher or operator ladles' tailor
euits. A. KAHN. 142 Geary. .
A- GLOVE and ribbon salesman with retail ex-
- /perience /wanted. • Apply P. L., box 4572, Call.
'TWO sack-sewers; twenty able-bodied men for
warehouse work. ¦' 206 California st',
WANTED — Experienced waiters and wait-
resses; call at once; no fee. 127 Masonst.
' WANTED— Experienced pressman for Los An-
geles. 6J9N. Seventh st., Los Angeles.
' WANTED— Steady, sober butcher for partner,
. with; very "small capital. ¦- Apply 153 Ninth st.
' WAITER • wanted at 1224 Point Lobds ave.;
Geary-st cars. \-
¦ NIGHT dishwasher wanted. 907 Kearny si. -:
' WANTED— Painters.- Baker St., between. Post
: ,and Geary. •'.-../ ¦. , ; - ,
! WANTED— 2 •¦¦.' waiters; ' experienced: private
¦ - rooms; "outside tray orders. 135 Ellis st.
' WANTED— Boy, In confectionery, not under 15
' years. -1503 Geary, st. v , ' ¦•>. v ¦ ¦
' WANTED— 2 first-class '¦ woodcarvers. WM.
5 •- ¦ KRAFFT.' 578 Twentieth st.;' Oakland. 1 * ¦¦ .- ¦
f MEN. g!rls ; and -beys . wanted. -Apply at
• | AMERICAN CAN CO., 7th and Townsend sts.
. 100 QUARRYMEN wanted. , , Apply 232 Mont-
gomery st. ' , -.- • .-..•- ¦ ;¦--
'ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half--
".. ; price. . 563 Mission st... bet 1st and 2d sts. - gg*
EiXPERIENCED. packer for wholesale ¦ grocer.
¦ Box j 4566. ' Call Of flee. r~: . r '.'.'.
i FIRST-CLASS 3-chair barber shop • for . sale. I
; 38 Ellis. St :'- - ¦' ,'.: • ¦ ' .-;.;;¦ .
\ OFFICE boy for- wholesale liquor 'house; -state
\- 'age and, ref erence. T Box 4564," Call offlce.' •;¦
: SMART boy to learn to- cut.'
'. :BROS.;.507;Market st. . ,' . -"-',.
• $2 PER day for 2 or " 3 ] good solicitors. S9
• Columbian building. . * - . : .
¦WANTED — Cash boys 14 years ot age and over.
- Applyat HALE BROS. " '
WANTED— Young 'man 16 to 18 years .of 'age. i
e Apply at; HALE BROS. . , \.' i ,
COATMAKER for- country.' Apply -REISS
3 BROS. & CO.. -24 Sutter st. i - •
r AV ANTED^i-General \ blacksmith. Apply at 2443
• ."• Shattuck;ave.; Berkeley. v — .; ; .
PHOTOGRAPHER" with small capital i to Invest
•' . as ; equal r partner i to travel. • Box - 4560, Call.
f : , '
, WANTED— Experienced - domestic ; salesmen.
0 ¦ .Apply bet. 8 and '11: a. m. at.HALE j BROS. '
.' . SAILORS. : ordinary. > for ships for. all parts of
1 .-.. world., HERMAN'S.- 26 / Steuart st. <"
¦¦_ YOUNG ; man * to do janitor work I for tuition In
I '-.; San Francisco Barber School; .741A Howard st.;
¦ GET .- your I shoes . half-soled I while - waiting ; 25c
0 ,,'to 50c ".; 563 Mission St.; bet. . 1st ' and 2dsts. : -.
". McDONALD : & PERRY ¦ have ¦ BOO " pairs second-
T ;> hand shoes. for sale; 50c up. : 241 Third- st
;' WANTED— A good": photographer and router.
- box 4438, ; Call : office. ..-•: v.-. -
J WANTED— 500 -men -to ' buy- new: and 2d-hand
' ; " army 'shoes. $l'UD:*soline'20cuD.*923 Howard.
JS50— FOR sale: branch bakery, confectionery,
notions and laundry office;- 1 block from
grammar school; 2 large 'living rooms; -party
leaving city. Address box 4544, Call.
FOR sale-^Acropoll8 Chophouse, Sutra Heights;
low rent; doing good business; the owner
leaving for Europe. , ', * ¦
$1200— A Call agency In a city near San Fran-
cisco.. Box S733. Call office, '.-¦,.; , ,
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 FUlmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st. . . .. ' ¦ '--.-¦.•-•¦."
LODGING-HOUSES FOR, SALE.
i...?....rr??r.lH6TEL^A^s : b BAR..i.....7?^7^
¦. .70 rooms, fine country town
: Clears $250; price $1SOO. DECKER, 1020 Markt
H. C DECKER .-
. 1020 Market St. opp. Fifth. Tel. Mint 796.
26 Years in Business In This City
..Offers for Sale and Exchange..........
100 rooming-houses, 10 to 500 rms, $50 to $25,000
150 lodging-houses, 6 to 600 rms., $100 to. 20,000,
40 flats, 3 to 12 rooms, $80 to 750
B0 private homes, 6 to 25 rooms, $90 to... J.000
SI boarding-houses, 10 to 100 rms., $350 to 10,000
SO hotels. 40 to 200 rooms, $1000 to........ 8.0C0
40 grocery stores, $400 to 6,000
20 candy stores, $300 to 8,000
40 saloons, $400 to 6,000
10 cigar stores, $300 to .' : L000
500 other businesses, all kinds, $100 to.. 20,000
100 vacant lots, $25 to.. 8.000
75 houses and lots, everywhere, -<o00 to.. 50,000
6 chicken ranches, $400 to.. 1.700
50 ranches, everywhere, $300 to 14,000
..To Buv, Sell or Exchange Anything Call..
I can suit you. H. G DECKER, 1020 Market
A. CAMERON & CO., Si
S50 Market st and 8 Stockton st
Rooms 21, 22 and 23. Phone Bush 32S.
If you have hotel,- rooming-house or business
to sell list with us. We have cash customers
for all sizes and prices. See list of bargains.
60 r.; rent $200; fine family hotel $6000
34 r. ; cor. ; rent $110; good fur. and carp.. 2500
25 r.; rent $110; residence, good. clrs.$100.. 1900
Money loaned on deferred payments; 1% p. c.
20 r. ; rent $75; new carp.; pt. housekpg... 12AC
'12 r. ; rent $60: Al loc; nice home.... 650
Jr.; rent $35; downtown; fur. & car. gd... 35'J
Over 500 houses listed. Call before buying.
ATTENTION Lodging-house Keepers— 22 all
light rooms, corner Pacific and Powell; suit-
able improvement for permanent tenant;
house being thoroughly painted and papered,
etc.; can be arranged for housekeeping; rent
cheap. Apply R. McCOLGAN, 24 Montgom-
ery st. room 3.
FISHER & CO.. 935 Market st
An elegant 11-room house; oak furniture:
only $250 -
A beautiful home on Van Ness; 14 boarders;
¦ large Income; $1100.
A 40-room house, richly furnished, clearing
$400 per mouth: in the exclusive residential
center; cost $9000; now $7000. , "T-
ATTENTION, BUYERS', i
You may buy any rooming-house in
the city and pay for it 1 .. -
in monthly payments -\
from the profits
of the house.
Vacant houses furnished.
DONALD INVESTMENT CO.. S50 Market
BEFORE buying your lodging-houses or other
¦ business call en the Boston Business Agency.
Everything thoroughly investigated; a trial
given.
McBRDDE & CO... 1016 Market si.
SELECT your homes from the largest list in
town— Rooming houses and hotels, from $100
to $50,000; hundreds to choose from. WALTER
HAYES & CO.. S3S Market st
THE largest and best list of lodging-houses
and hotels can be found at office of .
G W SCHWEINHARD. phone Mint 191L
* No. 917 Market st (near Fifth st).
$750— LODGING-HOUSE, near Market st.;new,
good furniture. McLanghlln & Co., 777A4 Mkt
$3T.O— LODGING-HOUSE, 10 rooms, furnished.
S64^ Mission st '
BARGAIN— lO-.-oom lodging-house furnished
complete; all full: rent cheap. Call 310 Sixth.
S PIRITUALISM,
r»ME and see C V. Miller's -wonderful ssances;
Smv, Tues., Fri., 8 p.rcu. DOc; you can speak
to your spirit friends face to face and recog-
nize them: give names: has received medals
from many eonntrles; taken last -world's !
record medal at Paris Fair. 10S4 Bush; teL
2275 Larkin st. .
—Mrs. Dr. Farnht^n, spiritual medium and j
life reader: mining a specialty: cir. Sun. Wed.
and Fri. evenings. 2$ McAllister st. (no sign).
RS. J. 'J. WHITNEY, trance, bus. medium;
life reader; medical, clairvoyant: sittings, $1;
letter. $2. 1164 O'Farrell st; ElUs car.
HAS. BROCKWAT, 25c seance Sunday and
Thursday, 8 p. m. ; every one' gets a test: pri-
vate readings dally. 2?9 Hyde St.. cor. Eddy.
3HN SLATER— Circles. 25c; Sun.. Mon., FrL
eves., 8.15: Wed. aft., 2:45: sit. 10 to 4 except
Sat. and San. 1809 Stockton, near Greenwich.
rRS HUBBARD. 109 Oak; cir. Tues.. Fri.. 8 j
p.m.; Wed., 2:30 p.m., 10c; readings dally. 50c.
DWARD EARLE,' 328 Ellis— Readings dailr: I
seance Sun.. Taeaf and Thnrs.^ TeL Polk 1601. |
RIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer: slttlnzs dally: test to all to-nlghtlOc. |
CLAIRVOYANTS.
[ME. M
THE FAMOUS
lalrvoyant and business medium, permanently
icated at 17 Third st.. next Examiner bldg. She
sads rour life correctly, gives an accurate de-
rription of the past, reveals the present hap-
enings and portrays events to occur in the fu-
are. If vou are in trouble, discontented, un- j
appy or not satisfied in life, or have domes- I
ic, love or business troubles, consult this great j
leolum and you will be told how to overcome
hem. Valuable advice in. all affairs of life;
5c up: perfect satisfaction guaranteed.
IRS. DR. F. CLARK, the well-linown trance
medium, !s permanently located at 1206 Mar-
ket st. corner Golden Gate ave., rooms 25 and
2S: take elevator. Perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mall; send stamp for pamphlet
with special terms. Dally and Sunday.
w— LINCOLN. CLAIRVOYANT.
HIGH PSYCHIST.
The most wonderful clairvoyant on the Coast;
he succeeds when others fall;, permanently I
located at 125 Turk st; readings by mail.
lADAil MONTAGUE.
Truthful predictions in all affairs of ilfe; gives
names, facts, figures: gives luck; honest pre- L
dictions In love affairs; reunites sepaj-ated;
not cne failure: letters answered. 116 Turk.
IME. ARXDT. the great clairvoyant, tells past
and future; never fails: has the greatest Egyp- j
tlan secret: shows picture of future husband i
or wife; 25c up: satisfaction to everybody; j
cures diseases by sympathy. 215',4 Sixth st. j
rJME. PORTER, wonderfal clairvoyant & card
reader. »born with double veil — second sight;
diagnoses disease with life reading; ladles 50c.
gents $1; palm, and clair. sit. $1 50. 126 Turk.
S&AR. the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 1148 Market, op. )
6th: private readings daily, 10 a. m. to 5 \>. m.
L L. CARLSON, medium and astrologist; horo-
scopes cast; lessons given, 50c; hours 11 to 1
and" 4 to 6. 148 Sixth et., room 22. '
JP to date; Mme. Richards, astrological palm-
ist aud reader of human destiny; never falls;
25c and 50c. 1203 Mission st. cor. Sth."
ilMK. LAROSE. best clairvoyant, card reader,
test medium; 25c up. 777^ Market, room 18.
Urs.Mallory, clairvoyant card reader: when oth-
ers fall consult me; L. 25c, G. 50c. 917 Howard.
VIRS. MELVILL, well-known clairvoyant, water
reader. 1L 6th ;GermanEpoken;teI.Howard 1846.
URS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader;
ladies 25c, gents 50c. 132 Sixth st.
U. WILLE, crystal seer, clairvoyant, .medium;
sittings. 9 a.m. to 8 p.m. : 50c. 215 Leavenworth.
CLAIRVOYANT, card reader, from Louisiana;
only 10c. 262 Minna st, near Fourth. *
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry: truth or no pay: 25c. 1149 Mission.
MME. SCHAFFER. clairvoyant, card reader;
sittings daily. 448% Jessie st. bet 6th and 6th:
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice: namw given: 25c up. S Fourth at.
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works. 353-357 Tehama Bt.: t«l. South 40.
ADVANCE Carpet -cleaning Co., '402 Sutter st.;
.tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO.,' Prop.
BEATING, 3c; laying. 3c: renovating.' 5c 'up;
work guaranteed. T. R.Co.; phone Scott 1310.
RUDOLPH &. CO., carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison; tel. Mission 263.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-beating Works.
333 Golden Gate ave.; telephone East 126. <. ;
CITY Steam Carpet-beating Works. \ G. H.
STEVENS. Mgr.. 38-40 Eth st; tel. South 250.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-beating and Reno-
vatlng Co.. 240 Fourteenth Bt: tel. Mission 74.
CARPETS cleaned at the lowest rates. STRAT-
TON, 3 Eighth st; telephone Jessie 944. ¦
CHIROPODISTS.
BUNIONS, corns. Ingrown nails, warts; pain-
less cure; guaranteed. Dr. Duncan, 415 Sutter."
PROF.Strassburger fromN.Y. .specialist on feet;
diploma T.P.S.S.N. Y.: Chronicle big., rm.76.
COLLECTION OFFICES.' ~~
GEORGE W.'KELLY'S Agency— No charge un-
less successful . Room 310. 927 Market . st. *'
COTTAGES TO >j LET. ; ' . .- ' . , .'
FURNISHED or unfurnished cottage, 5 rooms
and bath. Apply 2S2I Bush st.. Guillaume Caaares (owner), with C. M. Lind
say (contractor), architect B. J.< 8. Cahlll— All
work) for ' a 1 two-story frame 8 building (four
flats)"' and stable in- rear- on- lot 'on SB: line
of Fifth street, .80 NW of Harrison." NW I 40
by NE 80; J7130. ...•' .' .:.",. - ¦
R. P ( . Mertlllon (owner) .with William Lin
den (contractor), -' architects Rousseau & Son —
All -work -for a three-story, frame building with
concrete: foundations * (three 1 flats) on lot on
E line j of Buchanan street.' 137:6 N -of Bush,
N 25 by E _10,\ WA 234 ; ¦ JS2QQY- ' - ' . ." •
Builders' Contracts.
FRIDAY, Aug. &-< p . m .
¦';. ¦'..; .'.¦-;;-, ' Bid. Ask I _ Bld.Ask.
Alpha ...... ,03 0.>'JustlCe 07 88
Alta ...:.. .'04 07 1 Kentuek -.:.-.... 02 03
Andes .......... 03 OoiLady Wash .... 01 —
Belcher ....06 07|MexIcan 14 15
Best & Belcher 14 15 'Occidental 04 05
Bullion 02 03jOphir 71 72
Caledonia ' -J4 35 Overman 12 14
Challenge Con.. 35 37jPotosl .....05, 06
Chollar ..V.....: 06 07. Savage ......... 08 ' 07
Confidence ....1 20 1 23 Scorpion ....... — ¦ .04
Con Cal & Va.S 05 2 lOfSeg Belcher •:"— ' 03
Con Imperial.. 01 02 Sierra Nevada. 18 18
Con : New ¦¦ York — 01 Silver Hill .... 31 33
Crown Point.., 07 ' 03 St Louis 06 " —
Eureka Con ..10 — Standard ..:... 3 S5 3 65
Exchequer ..:..'. — : 02 Syndicate:'....'.." 06 —
OSould & Curry 14 15 Union. Con .... 14 15
Hale & Norcra 23 . 26 Utah ..' . 02 03
J'"V ¦_»""¦••• — 0: Yellow Jacket. Si :«
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
Afternoon Session,
700 Best & Belcher .13; 300 Gould & Curry. 14
400 Best '& Belcher 14 j 200 Mexican 14
200 Caledonia .. 34' 200 Ophir ...... . 72
600 Chollar 07 500 Savage ....: 07
200 Chollar ; . . 06 300 Sierra Nevada. 17
200 Con Cal & V.2 07% 200 Union Con .... 14
100 Confidence ..1 22^4 100 Yellow Jacket. 26
. 50 Confidence ....120
200 Belcher 07 60 Ophir .......... 71
100 Best & Belcher 17 250 Ophir 72
500 Con Cal & V.2 O7V4 200 Overman 13
100\ Confidence .....1 10 200 Overman 12
100 Confidence 113 500 Potosi 0$
200 Gould & Curry 15 500 Savage tSJ
200 Mexican 16 200 Yellow Jacket. 26
300 Mexican : .. 15 200 Yellow Jacket. 27
Morning S«sslon,
The following were the sales in the Pacific
Stock Exchange yesterday:
£00 Best & Belcher 07 500 Savage 0€
BOO Be_t & Belcher 15 50 Sierra Nevada. XI
500 Chollar ......... \)6 53 Union Con .... 15
550 Con Cal &Va. 2 05 100 Utah 02
100 Mexican 14 3C0 Yellow Jacket. 28
lOOOphir... ¦» 71 •
Afternoon Session,
3000 Best & Belcher 17 ; 100 Hale & Norcrs 25
500 Challenge- 35 200 Mexican 15
100 Con Cal &"Va.2O5 300 OpMr .-... T2
300 Confidence 1 20 1100 Yellow Jacket. 25
200 Confidence 110 400 Yellow Jacket. 24
600 Gould & Curry 14
Morning Session.
MINING STOCKS.
The following were the sales In the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Momlnr SeS3lon.
500 California-Standard 20 '
'200 California-Standard 21 '
100 Caribou 90
50 Four : 38
150 Ifome 2 23
S0O Junction 10
5% San Jcaquin Oil & Dev , 7 12},
100 Sovtreign^ 31
150 Sovereign, b 33 .\ 31
. 200 Sovereign 30
200 Twenty-eight : 130
Afternoon Session.
Board — - i
10C0 Independence 10
f ___________
in lot on W line of Oak street, 80 Sof Enclnal
avenue/ S 60 by W ICO, / S 60 feet of lots 10
and 11, i in E half of block I, lands adjacent to
Enclnal, Alameda; $10. ,
• Charles : F.", ; - Julia, Julius, Constance, Henry.
Pauline I and Mary - Paschold | and t Charles - H.
Bender to Theodore F. Holtz, all interest In
estate "of. Carl Paschold. No. 4363 Alameda,
and estate \ Adeline Paschold. Alameda ; $10. .*
GRAND HOTEL.
H D Stelle, Denver W.W Thornton, Ind
J C Ferguson, Denver M E Dailen, S Jose
H H B Stearns & w, J Cooke, Sacto
Boston .;.¦• •¦.'• ' R McCormiek, Chgo «
Mrs J J Anderson & T W Welter, Minn
dau. Kern City - P McD Fuller & ¦ w,
J W B . Montgomery, Baltimore
Chlco Mrs L AuzeraJs, S Jose
Chevalier de la Serre, Miss L Trent. S Lake
Cal •• • . • i ¦ ¦ ' Miss W Rees. S Lake !
H Melveney, Los Ang P L Flanagan, Reno
J M Barnes, Los Ang J H Gardiner, Reno
A R Myers, Canada W D Noble, Fresno
D W Wlckersham & v, H H Smith, Fresno
Los Angeles • Miss A Clark. Cal
Mrs Austin, Los Ang E- C'.ark, Cheyenne
J Gibert & ,w, La J Mann & w. Pa-
E C Hart, , Sacto Mrs W Schaw, Sacto
W E Doan, Sacto Miss Schaw, Sacto
S A Potter. Cal ¦ •¦ M Oettinger, Chicago
. G W Crabbel & w.Ohlo J- Fleavells, Phlladel
G Naber, Fresno B Nonnent, Virginia
E Randall & w, Cal H H Loag, Fresno
'0 E Williams. Uklah W D Julius. S Lake
J Craig; & f am, Cal . R Weir, Chicago
R O Foster, Mlnnplis J Beaton. Kansas City
C F Knidel, . MinnapllE C W Adams. Cal
B Goldman. Naco Mrs A P Decker, Cal
Mrs C Wilson, L Ang A Manasse. Napa
Mrs Cora Gates, Cal • Mrs V Bush, Napa
. • . PALACE HOTEL.
J E Karlson, NY fc A Kenner. Portland
Mrs G W Meylest. Wis A G Wells, Los Ang
T E Hayden, St Louis D E Hodgsey, Chicago
Dr B L Holt, San Jose J E Hurley, Los Ang
Mrs J W Wolfskin. Cal F J McKee. Los Ang
Chas Vercer, London • A Johnston. Fresno
M Friend, London Ens R B Burns, Los Ang
G C O'Brien, Texas G H Bowman, Clevln'd
L P. Hammond & wife, F C Nichols, Chicago
L P Hammond, 111 . F J. Shepard, Chicago
Mrs L P Hammond. Ill Mrs F A Kirkpatrick
H P Starbuck, S Barbl Boston ¦¦.-- /* '
HP Starbuck, wife & E C Kirkpatrick, Bostn
2 children, S Barbara G Kirkpatrick, Boston
Mrs G C Phlnney & s, R C McHenry, St Louis
Cal ' ' . R McHenry, Modesto
S M Rcbbins. • B C . • A McHenry, Modesto "
J J Cone, Jersey City O- McHenry,. Modesto
P.W Kirk & w, Sacto A C Rogers '& w LA
T B Corliss & s.Mich J P Smith & w 'cal
T -Flint Jr. S Juan F W uossley & w, Cal
Miss M. Miller, Wis J L Batchelder & w"
F B DresBler. Berkeley •¦ Boston - •
P W Broyer.Rock Spgs.T S Buttle, N T
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
M F Wlldish, Neb*
J M Stanton, Cal
W Wilde, Denver ¦ ¦:'
J Mulroy, Ingle3lde
P Nelly, USA v
Miss M A Wllmot. O .
J Freite,r & w,"L3 Ang
W E-pimcanson, Ala
H Schmidt & w. Cal
Miss A Redmond, Wash
T Tamba, Chicago
J Johnson, Boston
J F Walt, East Yard
J O'Hara. Cal-
A E.Gardner & w. Cal
J Fursey. -Monterey
FA. Colea, Monterey
C E Graham, Denver '
E P Philoney. La. -1
P J Murtha &. w, C«l '
H McFarland & t Tex
HOTEL AEEIVALS.
Afternoon Session. ' — •
' Board —
300 Honokaa S Co 1450
100 Hcnokaa S Co 14 75
o0 Honokaa S Co ...• 14 8714
175 Honokaa S Co 15 00'
50 liutchirmon S P Co. s 90 is 25
100 Paauhau S P Co 18 00
110 Paauhau S P Co 17 50
210 Paauhau S P Co n 25
90 PaauUau S P Co 17 00
Pnauhau S P Co 17 uii
• 1JSF Gas & Klectrlc.Co : 43 12W
, 10 S F Gas & Electric Co 42 87U
30 S F Gaa & Electric Co 42 62%
150 S V Gas'& Electric Co 42 60
$1000 S P Branch Ry 6s bonds.... 136 00
10 Sprins Valley Water So 50
100 Mckawell 30*25
100 l'aauhau S P Co 20 50
200 Paauhau S P Co 20 00
150 Paauhau S P Co 1950
COMMERCIAL NEWS
Continued Froni Page Eight.
ALAMEDA, Aug. 2.- Walter J. Brick,
son of former Trustee' John G. Brick, will
have to face a court-martial for running
away from the training-ship Pensacola a
month ago. Brick returned to the ship on
the advice of Marshal Conrad, and now
stands a chance of being punished. He
gives as an excuse for his desertion the
prevalence of diphtheria on board the
vessel.
Brick to Be Court-martialed.
The officers elected for the State Union
of Christian Endeavor societies of the
Christian Church are: President, the Rev
£• 5£ ??^?F,', Butte City: vice President,
G. W.' McMillan, Sacramento; recording
and corresponding secretary. Miss Frances
Tait, Colusa; treasurer, Miss Vesta Vail
Berkeley.
At Twin Lakes the Baptist young peo
ple are very enthusiastic. Dr. T. B
Holmes. of Oakland, the State president, is
presiding. Josephine Franks is secretary.
The devotional meeting this morning was
led by R. H. Stephens of Berkeley.
An address on missionary H,nes was
given by the Rev. F. C. K. Jackson of
King City. This afternoon U. P. Boyn
ton of • Berkeley spoke on "Training
Church Leaders."
The president reported the past year one
of the best in the society's history. - The
societies number, about 100. A paper on
"The Missionary -Side of Endeavor," by
Charles Gostick of • Woodland, was^ read
by J. P. Dargitz of Lakeport; one on
"The Social Side of ¦ Endeavor"' by Dr. J
H. Durham of Irvington, and one on. "The
Practical Side of • Endeavor" by G. H.
Slawscn of Sacramentoo.
SANTA CRUZ, Aug. 2.— The Christian
Endeavor emblem was much in evidence
in Santa .Cruz to-day, as two State con
ventions of young people's societies are
in session. The State Christian Endeavor
Convention of the societies of the Chris
tian Church met at Garfleld Park and
that of the Baptist societies at Twin
Lakes.
The convention at Garfleld Park opened
early. this morning with a sunrise prayer
meeting, led by E. H. Baker of San Jose.
The topic of the Bible lesson by Dean Van
Kirk was "Jesus'.. -Teaching in Regard to
Prayer." At 9:30 the Christian Endeavor
Convention • was called to order by -the
State President G. W. McMillan of Sac
ramento. The prayer ser'vice was led
by Mr.- 1 Lindsay:" t - - -
State Organizations in Camps
Near Santa Cruz.
Interesting Exercises Held hy Two
CHRISTIAN ENDEAVOR
SOCIETIES CONVENE
Trust Law.
AUSTIN, Tex., Aug. 2.-Governor Say
ers to-day directed Attorney General C.
K. Bell to immediately institute suit
against the "Waters Pierce Oil Company,
which is the Southwestern branch of the
Standard Oil Company, to forfeit its per
mit to do business in Texas and to collect
penalties for alleged violation of the anti
trust law. The Governor also canceled
the award made to this company yester
day by the State to furnish the several
State eleemosynary institutions with fuel
oil. These proceedings were instituted be
cause the company has failed to file in
the Secretary of State's office an affidavit
that it is not a trust nor in any way con
nected with a trust. The Attorney Gen
eral filed suit against the Waters Pierce
Oil . Company this . evening to forfeit its
permit to do business in Texas and for
penalties. . ¦ . .
Branches for Violating Anti-
Has Suit Brought Against One of Its
GOVEBNOE SAYERS AIMS
' BLOW AT THE OZL TE.X7ST
August, 1301.
S. M. T. W. T. F. S. Moon's Phases.
, '. i z 3" >ff August 6,
i_ Last Qaarter.
_i_l_L_L_L_Lii|a August i4.
11 12 13 14 13 16 17 Xew Moon -
-»k August 21,
' 8 _ _!£. JL JL JL — JL •* Flr3t o^ r- arte
23 26 27 28 29 20 31 A> August 29,
j 1— W Full Moon.
CALL CALENDAR.
HEAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
City and County of San Francisco to Henry
E. Bqthln, lot on SE corner of Jackson and
Polk Streets. S 127:8',. by E 112:6; —.
Margaret Smith to William J. Smith, lot on
S line of Green street, 125 E of Laguna E 25
by S 137:6; Jlico. - .-. . . - . ¦ ' ;
Arthur G. Langham . to : Annie E. Hassett
(wife of Martin C. Hassett), lot on' S line of
Jackson street, 1S1 W of Buchanan, W "5-3 by
S 127:10}.; $10. - ¦ ¦ . , ¦*
Estate of Mary A. McHafne'(by James Mc-
Haffie, executor) to Peter J. 'Keys, lot on S
line of Waller street, 90 W of Buchanan W
27, S 112:6. E 24, N 54. E 3, N 58:6; $2100
Estate of William H. Churchill (by Mary F.
Churchill, administratrix) to Morris Slmlnoff
lot on N line of Halght street, 27:6 W of Brod
erlck, W 27:« by N 110; $4100.
Henry Dederky to Jackson J. and Anna M
Martin, lot on W line of Lyon street 125 S
of McAllister, S 25 by W 106:3; $10. ' .
Caroline H. and James A. Robinson to'Ed
ward I. Clawiter. lot on NE line of Tenth
street, 85 NW of Folsom. NW 40 by NE 185- $10
Amy C. Gouraud (Glllig, Ashe) to Josephine
Stroth (wife of Carl Stroth), lot on S line of
Fourteenth street, 376 W of Valencia W 25 bv
S 130; $10. ' . ' . ¦ .
Charles and Mathilde Pauchon to Angelo
Derenzi, lot commencing 137:8 B of Kearny
street and 137:6 N\ of Green. S 37:6, W 20 N
17:6, W 14:9, N 20, E 34:9; $10. ; _ !
Patrick Hart to Henry E. Bothin; lot on NW
line of Natoma street, 275 NE of Second NE 36
by NW 75; $10.
Maria Binn to,same, same; |6. "'. '
Mary A. Mullaney to same, same, quitclaim
deed: $10. '. ... . • .
Solomon and Dora Getz. to Alfred J. and
Mary A. Dullp, lot on E line of Twelfth ave
nue, 175 S of I street, S 25 by E 120; $10.
Daniel an. Ann Keefe to John T. Graham,
lot on SW corner of Army and Alabama streets
W 200:3/ S 284:5^, NE 132. N 62,' NE 75 N to
beginning; $2000. ¦ . •¦ . ¦ -'"¦>.">; -" '' • • ¦
Sophie Kahn to Olire Verkiuteren; lot on E
line of Roscoe street, ¦ 125. S of<Crescent avenue
S 25 by E 70, lot 37. .Honiday^Map A; $10. '
Delia "Griffin to Mary Blancy,- lot- on NE line
of Gottlngen street, 125 SEiof stBacon NE 11
by SE 25, block 20, University Mound; $10.
Hiram and Josephine-Mabury to John M.
Manning, lot on NW> cornerl.'of' Woolsey and
Gambler streets. W 120 by • N.'IOO.. block 166
University. Extension Homestead; "$10.
Caspar and Sophie Zwlerlelniand D.
and Rose Riordan to Beatrice Parke, lot on
NE line of Masonic, avenue,- 100 SE of Java
street. SE 25 by NE 100, block 5,- Flint Tract:
$io. *V
Estate of David L. Farnsworth (by Fannie
P. Farnsworth, executrix) to F. C. Mortimer,
lot 17, block F, Sunset Heights; $850.
Fannie P.. Lotta P. and Silas B. Farnsworth
to same, same,'quitclaim deed; $1.
Estate of David L.. Farnsworth (by I Fannie
P. Farnsworth, executrix) to F. M. Goodrich,
lot 15, block F. same; $S50.
Same to same, lot 16, block F, same; $S50.
Fannie P.. Lotta P. and Silas B. Farnsworth
to same, lots 15 and 16, block K, same, quit-
Claim deed; $1. < -
Martin F. Quinn to J. Hall Lewis, lot 10,
block 248;, lot 8. block 325; lot 8, block 326; lot
8, block 267, - South San. Francisco Homestead
and Railroad Association; also lot in Masonic
Cemetery; grant. . .5?/ . . . " .
Alameda <r Couiity'.
Marlon McElrath .to George Sterling, all In
terest in 5.9 acres on S corner of plat 49. Kel
lersberger's map of Ranchos V. and D. Per
alta. etc.. NE 42.37, SW 48.50. SW 490, NW
660.70, NE 796.10, SE 669.12 to beginning, por
tion of plats 48 and-SO, map of Ranchos V. and
D. Peralta. said premises being lot D. as per
map made part petition of J. E. McElrath, ad
ministrator estate of 8. E. Alden, etc., subject
to mortgage for $2500, quitclaim deed, Oakland;
$10. - • , ¦ . ; :. .- .. -
E. E. an J Minnie " W.- Laymance to John
Ryan, lot on E line of Hannah street. 150 N
of A, N 50 by E 133, being subdivisions C and
D, lot 2. in block 793, Map 2, Watts Tract, sub
ject to $1000 due State Savings Bank, Oakland;
$10. - . :
John and Julia Roth. Andrew and Lena Chrls
tensen to Peter Chrlstensen. all interest in lot
on W line of Cypress street, 31 S of Sixteenth,
S 73:9 by W 78, portion of block 5S2-A, map of
Bagge Tract. Oakland; $5.
Charles McCleverty (by Winifred: S; Keyes
and-George H. Luchslnger. trustees) to Adolph
C. Weber, lot on E line of Broadway, 100 N of
Seventh street. N 50, E 75. N 50. E 50 S 100 W
12:6, S 100, W 37:6. N 100, W 75 to beginning'
being portion of block 77, Kellersberger's map
Oakland: also lot on W line of Harrison street,
316 N of Fourteenth, N 50 by W 150 trustee's
deed, Oakland; $57,177.
John W. Ross to Isaac J. Ross, lot on SW
line of East Fifteenth street, 120 NW of Eighth
avenue, NW SO by SW 150. portion of block E8
Hlg-ley's map of Clinton, East Oakland- $2000 '
Arthur PI and Lettie W.- Holland to Mrs.
Ruthella S. Bollard (wife of W.), lot beginning
at a point on E line of 26.03-acre tract at inter
section of Ocean View avenue, NW 15 NW
sfiiftilac^ 4i8-41 ss^gsjgsS
S. B. McKee to John H. Donaughey. all in
terest In lots 49 to 51, block 1455. map of Berke
ley-property, Maps 1 and 2, Blake Tract. Berke-'
ley; $5. . - ,. ,
. Same to Mary J. Donaughey, all Interest in
lots 33 to 36, block 1455, same, quitclaim deed"
Berkeley; $o/ :¦ ,,
m S i a n?«n°ci^ 1"te ™ J-;ponaughey. all Interest
in lot on S line of Carlton street, 475 E of Ful
ton, thence along: said line of Carlton atrwt
.Henrietta M. Brand to Henry G W Si>4ar
man, . lots 45 to 47. block B, Frultvale Villa
SwftitfE"®- 10 mortsa *e for *350- Bro<**«
J. - L. N. and C. M. Shepard to Emily A
Rogers, lot at intersection of N line of Rani
road avenue with line dividing Chipman Ill
acre Vest Tract • and Aughlnbaugh 223-aVrc
tract, NE 300, E 2C0, SW 159 W iOjSWHW
160, same land heretofore conveyed to-J L* N
S^hephard, 609 D. 60, quitclaim deed,-Alameda;
Same to same. same, except portion taken for
widening of Third avenue or Sixth street quit
claim deed. Alameda; $10.
James E. and Amelia S. Damon to George
C. Hlgjrlns, lot on E lino of Sherman street 100
N of Central avenue, N 25 by E jsn, lot 41
block 20. man portion property of Charles l'
Fitch, deed known as homestead of Marv I
Fitch. Alameda; $10. .
M. E.'Barnard to Mrs/ J.- L. -Merrill, lot on'
SE corner of Nolan or Thirty-third and Market
streets. S 40 by E 116. ¦ block H, Central Land
Company's "Tract. Oakland; $10. ¦ '
W. R. Thomas to Jan» E. Thomas, undivided
%' Interest'in lot on SW corner of Fourteenth
and Peralta streets. 1 W 100 by S140, - portion
block 726A, man reaubdlvislons portions blocks
72<!A.> 727A and 727B. Oakland: gift. . "
Bartolomeo and Antbnette Valerga\ or Val
lerga to Hutchlnson-Ransome Cnmoany (a cor
poration), all Interest in,loton E line of Grove
street, 40 N of Thirtv-elehth, . N 59 by E-97.
Angar Tract. Oakland; $10.
L;G. and Mary I..Burpee'to Lucy B. Black
wood, all Interest In lot on E line of Franklin
Ftreet. 214 N of; Twentieth. N S7.04, SE S5 98
SW 33.84, W.84.15. Oakland: $10. . _,
George V. and Lois V. I-onsr to William^.
Stacey. lot on E - line of Union street. 225 3
of Thirty-second. S 25 by E 133. portion block
Q. Peralta- Homestead! Association, Oakland;
$10.- ¦" - - ¦...'... .
¦ Silas H. and Ltda Frazier to Geors-e K.* Tufts
lot! on • N line . of Berkeley way. 500. 63 . E of
Shattuck ' avenue, N 124:6 bv W 45,' portion
lots 8 and 10. block A, man Villa lots adjacent
to unlversltv on west. Berkeley: S'n. \
John nnd Minnie Mar.Lean-to-William'Corhin.:
lot on W. line of SanPabln avenuo. ans.S? S of
Orayson street, - S 49:6 by W.iss. K ISofeet of
S : % of lot 4, corrected map subdivision Sny
der .Tract; "EerkeleyiHO..- . ~ •¦ \. ;,
t Charles F. Townsend' to Benjam'n F. I Brunk,
lot on ¦ PW corner of Rose -and California
utrefts- W .ICO by R 140:7, beinar ._"¦ portion of
block. 2. Map of William. Schmidt Tract: also
lot on S line of Rose street. 200 E of California,
E 50 bv Si 140:7. being [ a portion, of block 1,
same. Berkeley: $10. : i ' •' ' -'.,:- .;:¦ -;.'.-¦,
Harriet A", and Austin . Hills ¦; to John ¦ F.
Bond (married), all Interest in lot on E lin»
of Henrv Ptrpct, -100. N of'Berkeley way,' E
90"'bv N 36.69. • belnsr a portion- of block- 1,
Sea View Park. Berkeley: $500.
Sarah ~E.~ Axtell to Henrv "Axtell, ¦ lot 17,' Lorin-
Villa Tract. Berkeley: gift. • ;- ¦ - - • ¦ , :
Union Savin srs; Bank-to Millicent! H.Bnker
lot on NW - Hne of I Julia' street 724- NE of
Monroe. NB''J45. NW.\ 190. SW 145. SF! 1S«:2
to beginning." neir»«r, a-portion of'block F. ' Re
vIsedTTWap -Oak Tree: Farm: Tract, • Brooklyn'
T^wr!»hln:.*10. * .; ¦ ", - , '
Ml.' I. Hepburn to Leah '".""• .«" '"••»«,
CARROLLTON, Miss., Aug. 2.— The air
has been rife with rumors of additional
lynchings all day, but in each case , the
reports have been without foundation. A
posse of men are scouring the country In
an effort to apprehend several negroes
suspected of complicity in the murder of
Mr. and Mrs. Taliaf erro on Tuesday night
last, but up to & o'clcok to-night no ar
rests have been made. The only persons
lynched in connection with the murder
were the three negroes taken from Jail
Wednesday night. Sheriff •Woodall stated
to-night that he had released all the negro
witnesses and that no further trouble was
anticipated. The town to-night is quiet.
Milton Hues, the father of the victim,
is a prominent grocer in Smlthville, and
the mob was composed almost entirely of
his relatives and friends. There were
about twenty-five in the mob. After the
execution of Davis the mob dispersed.
There is no danger of further trouble.
The Sheriff and one 'of his deputies and
a constable, i who were trying • to prevent
the lynching, together with the father of
the defendant, were severely injured in a
clash with the crowd. The wounded offi
cers are:
Sheriff J. T. Odum, Deputy Bob Odum
and Constable Hanney Pass.
When the hearing began the defendant
introduced witnesses to attack the girl's
character.* The father had said that he
would not join or allow any violent meas
ures unless this action was taken by the
defendant. When the witness called be
gan to give' his testimony friends and rel
atives of the girl arose and made for the
prisoner. , For a time there was a wild
scene and the people became greatly ex
cited. Davis maae an ettort to. escape
irom the second story window of trie
courtroom, but several pistol shots were
fired in the crowd and he was captured
before, he could jump. He was taken a
quarter of a mile from town and hanged.
SMITHVILLE. Tenn., Aug. 2.— The first
lynching in De Kalb County took- place
this morning, when Charlie Davis, who
was charged with an assault on Miss Kate
Hues, was taken from the Courthouse by
a mob of about twenty-live friends and
relatives of the young woman and
hanged. The assault on Miss Hues was
made on last Sunday evening, and the
following morning Davis was taken before
a magistrate. He submitted his case and
the trial was set for to-day. *
The company of which Schwab is presi
dent was incorporated last May for $3,
000.000, and under arrangement with the
American Wireless Telegraph and Tele
phone Company of Philadelphia, the pat
ent company, controls the patent rights
in Illinois, Wisconsin. Northern Michigan.
Iowa and Minnesota. In addition to the
Chicago-Milwaukee line. Schwab's com
pany 13 completing arrangements with the
Fere Marquette steamers to use the sys
tem on their boats and at their, various
marine stations on Lake Michigan.
CHICAGO, Aug. 2.— Space or wireless
telegraphic communication between Chi
cago and Milwaukee is promised in the
near future by Joseph S. Schwab, presi
dent and general manager of the North
western Wireless Telegraph Company of
this city. The Chicago-Milwaukee line,
when established, will be the first in ope
ration In the United States for commer
cial purposes.
"Professor Russell's remark that teach
ers spend their lives looking down needs
explanation. The Professor ought to be
careful of . his English. If inquiring into
the nature of children and the develop
ment of the child mind occurs to the Pro
fessor as one of belittling, he had better
get out of the business so that one man,
at least, may be saved for other work.
His argument that summer schools for the
training of teachers are in any sense a
remedy is ridiculous on the face of it."
"In the • widest sense the Professor is
right. The business of teaching is not
broadly taken— it is a step, to something
else, generally a makeshift. Some time
it may be different, when the public finds
that the teacher is important enough to
be well paid. At, present the ablest men,
men who would command large salaries
elsewhere, toil on for a lifetime with no
larger prospect than a $2000 salary, and
the certainty of being discarded just as
they would reach, in another profession,
their "highest usefulness."
P. M. Fisher, principal of the Central
High School, said: -.. . .
"When !¦ read Professor Russell's re
marks this morning I exclaimed, 'He has
hit the nail on the head.' But those re
marks must not be too literally construed.
And even so, they are not wholly as dam
aging as their author would seem to sup
pose. , Our teachers are narrow, but so
is everything that • accomplishes results;
The broad mountain stream has to be nar
rowed down to a small focus before we
can use it in hydraulic engineering. In
another sense the teachers should be
broad — It should comprehend all the
other / professions. - Nothing gives such
prestige in the classroom. And when I
go about among our teachers' I feel that
compared with the members of other pro
fessions they are broad. They are in
creasingly so, too. Our teachers are com
ing to pursue an astonishingly wide range
of studies. ¦•¦¦.'-. ¦ .
¦ Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
: • . ¦ . 1118 Broadway, Aug. 1. ''
Alameda County educators are Inclined
to join Issues with Professor James Earl
Russell, the eminent Columbia College In
structor in pedagogy, who warned an au
dience of California teachers at the State
University yesterday that they belonged
to. the. most narrow-minded and bigoted
¦of professions . and* appealed for broader
training. , ,, <
County Superintendent T. 0. Crawford
said to-day: " :
Projectors Expect to Have
It in Operation in the
Near Future.
Swift Vengeance Follows an.
Attempt to Attack Girl's
- Character.
The Alameda County Eublic
School Authorities Reply
• to Eastern Professor.
Taken Out of Courtroom
by Crowd of Angry
Citizens.
Wireless Line Promised
Between Milwaukee
and Chicago.
Teachers Object to Criti
cisms of Their
• I Calling.
TAKE UP CAUSE
OF EDUCATORS
WILL TELEGRAPH
THROUGH SPACE
MOB LYNCHES
A PRISONER
¦ * - . ¦ ¦ • : ¦ ¦ '1'"" ¦
THE SAN FEANC1SCO CALL, SATURDAY, AUGUST 3, 1901.
11
MARBIAGE LICENSES.
' The f ollowink marriage licenses were issued
yesterday:
Robert- W. Williams, 29. Port Costa, and
Mary G. Shea, 24, Port Costa. • .
Laurits Johnsen, 35, city, and Flora Silvera,
2S. Santa Rosa.
Waller T. Goode. 29, 14 Stanley place, and
Annie E. Smith, 20. 4030 Nineteenth street.', .
• Edward Beck. 29, 1124 Pacific street. ; and
Marie Wissing, 28, 146 Hickory avenue.
Harry "VvY Thurlow, - 34, 303 Eddy street, and
Katharine Burns, 19, 502 Larkln street. -\
Paul Petit. .27, 933 Geary street, and Georg-
ette Af chain. 22, city. -' • . "•
BIRTHS —MARRI &SES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent i by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
APPLE— In this city,, July 27. 1901, to- the wife
of Morris Apple, a daughter.
COLLINS— In this city, August 2. 1901, to the
wife of Dr. Asa W. Collins Of Redwood City.
a son. . * .. \
HAGEMANN— In this city, July 30, 1901, to the
wife of H. M. Hagemann, a son.
HANCOCK— In this city, July 28. 1901. to the
wife of Jules F. Hancock, a daughter.
McELHATTON— In Oakland. Cal., August 2.
1801, to the wife of Andrew McElhatton, a
«m. ¦ ¦ -• . .¦".¦•¦* ' ¦
MEYERS-^In this city, to the wife of Charles
F. Meyers, a daughter.
MOORE— In ¦ Honolulu, July 23, 1901, to the
wife of A. H* Moore, a daughter.
NELiJtSN— In Oakland, Cal., July 27, 1301, to
the wife of P. , Nelsen, a son. .
OTTO— In. South San Francisco. July 21, 1901,
to the wife of D. H. Otto, a daughter.
PETERSON— In Oakland, Cal., July 3L 1901.
to the wife of H. C. Peterson, a son. .- •
WEBSTER— In this city, - July ' 31. 1901. to the
wife of J. E. Webster, a daughter. - _
MARRIED.
EVANS— McCANN— In this city, Aurust 1,
1901, at the Third Congregational- Church, by
the Rtv. William Rader, Ralph H. Evans of
Merced, Cal., and Pearl M. McCann of San
Francisco. • -
WOLFE— SAMTER— In this city, July 28, 1901,
by the Rev. I>r. J. Nieto, Samuel F. Woltt
of Watsonvllle -and Flora Samter of Safn
Francisco. - * . ¦ •..-.•
DIED.
Crenan, Michael F. Marx. Ferdinand F.
Dahack. John Michel, Alma M.
• Daly, 'Violet S. Owens, James A.
Ezquerra, Pantaleon Relsen (Infant) -
Fenton. Dolly Schiff, Elizabeth
Uilmore, Florenda W. Shorten. Kate " •
Graham, Margaret E. Sparrow, Joseph .
Grant Mary Stockwell, Dr. GeoTge
Hayden, James Sullivan, Agnes A.
Hodgsdon. lone Walthour, John F. •
Kragen, Bertha Werling, Rose
Letson, William E. Whitten, Carrie V.
Marlow, James
CRENAN— Drowned at Juneau Alaska, July
2S. 1901. Michael F. Crenan, beloved son of
the late Catherine Crenan, and brother of
Mrs. A. H. Wall. Mrs. J. A. Gafflgan, Mrs.
John L. Barlinsr and Henry Crenan of San
Francisco, a native of San Francisco.
DAHACK— In this city, August 2, 1901, John, .
beloved son of Elsia and Jennie Dahack, and
brother of Charles Dahack, a native of San
Francisco, aged 4 years 5 months and 6
days. . . .
DALY— In this city, August 2. 1901, Violet
Soule, beloved wife of George Daly, and
daughter of Mrs. Susan Soule and the late
K. B. Soule, a native of California, aged 30
years.
ICT-Notice of funeral hereafter.
EZQUERRA — Pantaleon Ezquerra, beloved
husband of- Higinia, and father of Maria,
Alfredo and Roberto Ezquerra, a native of
Spain, aged E3 years.
It-*^ Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited „ to attend the funeral to-day
' (Saturday), af 8:30 o'clock, from 1019 Wash-
ington street thence to the Church of Nues-
tra Senora de Guadalupe; where a high mass,
commencing at 9 o'clock, will be celebrated
for the reoose of his soul. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery. • .
FENTON— In this city, August 2, 1901, Dolly,
beloved wife of. Joseph C. Fenton, and
daughter of . Margaret and the late Henry
Whitman, a native of San Francisco, ¦ aged 33
years 3 months and 11 days.
GILMORE— At the Old Ladies' Home. rAlden,
August 2. 190L Florenda W. Gilmore, a na-
tive of Scotland, aged SO years and 6 months.
GRAHAM— In Berkeley, August 2, 190L Mar-
j garet E., beloved wife of Robert R. Graham.
, and beloved mother of James A., Robert,
Reyncld and Florence M. Graham, a native
of Halifax. Nova Scotia. (Salt Lake papers
please copy.)
GRANT— In this city. Ausrust 2, 1901. Mary
Grant, beloved sister of P.- J. Grant, a na-
tive of Kilkenny, County Waterford, Ireland,
aged 67 years 4 months and 1 day...- ¦
(CTThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Sunday), at 11 o'clock, from the residence
of her brother, P. J. Grant. 1518 Fifteenth
avenue south, thence to All Hallows' Church
for services at 11:15 o'clock. Interment pri-
vate. Holy Cross Cemetery. Please omit
flowers. ¦: . ;
HATDEN-In this city. August 1. 1901. James
Hayden, a native of Ireland, aged 68 years.
HODGSDON— In this city, August 2. 1901. lone,
wife of D. B. Hodgsdon, a native of Central
America, aged 19 years.
KRAGEN— In this city. August 1. 1901, Ber-
tha, beloved wife of Samuel • Kragen, mother
of Louis, Moses, Marcus. Simon, Ephraim,
Joseph and Esther Krasen. Mrs. M. Garren
and Mrs. S. W. Lasky, and sister, of Mrs.
M. Priebatch. . a. native of Hamburg. Ger-
many, acred 59 years and 19 days.
B_7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock, from her late resi-
•'-•"•e,- 1510 Dolores street, between ¦ Twenty-
*<«rhth and Twenty-ninth, and thence by car-
riages to New Salem Cemetery for interment.
LETSON— A'.igtist 1, 190L William E. Letson,
a native of Sacramento, Cal., aged 39 yeais
and 7 months.
C7"The funeral will take place to-day
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlorsof
the California Undertaking Company/ 405
Powell street, near Post, under the auspices
of Bay City Parlor No. 104. N. S. G. ;W. In-
terment private. .». • ...
MARLOW-In this 'city. August 1, 1901. James
Marlow. beloved nephew of Mrs. M. M. Ellis,
a native of Cleveland, Ohio, aged 48 years.
ETFuneral to-morrow (Sunday), at "2
o'clock, from the parlors of the Western
Addition Funeral Directors, 2428 California
street. Interment Masonic Cemetery. -
MARX— In this city, August L 1901, Ferdinand
F. Marx of Elk Park, Napa, beloved hus-
band of Amalie Marx, a native of Germany,
aged 70 years 9 months and 17 days.
|H7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 11 o'clock, from Mission Masonic
Temple, 2668 Mission street. Interment I. O.
O. F. Cemetery.' Remains at the funeral
parlors of H. F. Maass, 917 Mission street.
MICHEL— In this city, August 2, 1901, Alma
May, beloved daughter of Pauline H. Michel,
and sister of William J. and Edward A.
Michel, a native of San Francisco, aged ID
years 10 months and 28 days. . -
OWEN'S — In D&ggett, San Bernardino County,
Cal., James A. Owens,' beloved husband of
Phoebe A. Owens, and. father of Cyrus W.
and Marcus D. Owens, Mrs. W. L. Robert-
son and Mrs. C. C. Long, a native j of Vir-
ginia, aged 71 years. ¦ . ,-. , .
REISF.N— In this city, August 2, 1901, Infant
son of Peter and Hilda Reisen; a native of
San Francisco.
SCHIFF— In this city. July 81. 1601. Elizabeth,
beloved wife of Bernhard Schiff, mother, of
Florence M. Schiff, daughter of Harry and
Mary Ferguson, and sister of Harry Jr. and
Budd Ferguson, a native of San Francisco,
aged 37 years and 13 days. •
1 JC^yrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invHed to attend the funeral to-day
(Saturday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the- parlors
of H. F. Suhr & Co., 1137 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth. Interment Mount
Olivet Cemetery. . ,
SHORTEN— In this city. August 1, 1901." Kate,
sister of William, George and Lizzie Shorten.
' a native of County Cork, « Ireland, ased 20
years 3 months and 26 days.
ETThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Sunday), at 12:15 o'clock, from the parlors
of J. C. O'Connor & Co., 767 Mission • street,
thence to St. Patrick's Church for services
• at 12:30 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery.
SPARROW— In this city, August 1, 1301, Jo-
seph, beloved husband of the ¦ late Margaret
Sparrow, and father of J.-W., J. I. and Ar-
thur Sparrow, a native of Wexford, | Ireland,
aged 73 years 5 months and 10 days.
{CJr; Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of Porter & -'White, 122 Eddy ' street;
thence to St. Peter's. Church, Alabama street,
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
(Successor to Flannagan & Gallagher.)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr. -
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
20 Fifth et, opposite Lincoln School. ;
' . ' Telephone South 80. .
Mt. Olivet Cemetery,
San' Mateo County.' ,
OFFICE ©16 MARKET STREET.
J. HENDERSON. Manager."
It .Eugene McGinn..- v McGINN.BROS.
Funeral Directors and Embalmers,
31 EDDY STREET. .
Telephone South 252. San Francisco.
No Connection With Any Other House. !
CREMATION.
The Odd Fellows' Cemetery Association
• • • Point Lobos ave., S. F.. Cal. A
The ordinance prohibiting burials In ., San
Francisco after the first day of August ¦ 1901,
does not refer to CREMATION. Neither does
it affect the COLUMBARIUM, because there. is
nothing less harmful . to . the living- than the
ashes of their dead. ',_.- ¦
Permits to cremate- will- be issued- by the
Board of Health the same as heretofore. . ¦•> 1 -
GEORGE R. FLETCHER, Manager.
KKKAxm-au ¦_, : - _ - * ¦ •_-.*...¦¦¦
PAL3IISTRY.
**ROF. KNIGHT, teacher of palmistry,
Klve readings for two weeks at half price. 6H
i' Golden Gate ave. •
MRS. LAMB, scientific palmist: head and face
reading; lessons given. 617 Jones st.
MME. GERMAINE the business palmist of
the Pacific Coast; 1 to 5. 908 Market a\
PILES.
2STEARLY 1000 permanent cures here In your
midst: many who have suffered 20 to 30 years;
over J>0 names of prominent business men
sent as reference: no chloroform, surgery or
> delay frcm business, and no salves for sale.
Particulars address Physician, box 1950. Call
office. S. F.. CaL
real estate — citv — for sale.
cSkap^homes. "
New Sunny Houses.
$500 Cash, Balance Monthly.
Only 50 minutes' ride from New City Hall.
Cottage. 5 rooms and bath $2.50
Lot 65 ft. front.
Cottage. S rooms and bath $2500
Corner lot. 65x60.
House, S rooms and bath $2900
Corner lot <0xS5.
Choice location. Market-st extension, be-
tween ISth and ISth sts.
Particulars HOOKER & LENT,
I« Post et
IF you have lots north of the park (In Rich-
mond district) that you want to selL then
cell on W. J. GUNN. 630 California et.
IF you have property north of Vallejo st to
the bsy ard west of Van Ness ave. that you
want to dispose of, then call on W. J. GUNN
53T' California ft.
SIX. peven and eight rooms cottages; also two
Vat houses In block between 17th. 18th. Castro
p.nd Noe sts. ; H cash, balance monthly pay-
ments; Castro or Guerrero-Et cars. F NEL-
SON', builder.
MODERN 9-room residence In Western Addi-
tion for sale or to lease for a term of years
on account of departure of owner. For partle-
ulars apply LANDRY C. BABIN. 413 Kearny.
*~°,R Bal *~ Rlncoa Hill cottage of 7 rooms: lot
"o reasonable offer refused. Box 3725.
51900-LOT with 2 cottages: perfect title- 533
Seventh Ft. Apply 60 Clipper, near 26th.'
C 5J E .^ P ii ST and best to America— The Weekly
t-<;-v.o ******* 6Mlt to an y address In the
United States or Canada one year for IL
RE AL ESTATE— COryTRY— For Sale
-T^SALE NEAR SAN FRANCISCO
Small tracts. $60 to $90 per acre, on Rancho
Totally Sonoma Co. ; future value assured, ab
Pan Francisco is growing rapidly: location
host for poultry and general farming. Apply
to The Cotati Co.. 302 California st.. for pam-
phlets or information.
CHOICE farm bargains: call or send for list.
Wooster." Whltton & Montgomery. 634 Market.
POULTRY and dairy ranches for sale: write for
frre list. C. R. WIN'FIELD. Petaluma. Cal.
ROSS VALLEY REAL ESTATE.
LARGE and small houses for sale, lease or
exchange: building lots and land by acre. J.
TUNSTEAD. San Anselmo. -•
BERKELEY ADYERTISEMNTS.-
BERKELEY REAL.- ESTATE.
NEW 7-rooni 2-story house, porcelain bath,
mantel, tiled sink, ras and electric lights;
all modern and up to date: lot 50x100: 2 blocks
from station and -one-half block to electric
cars: price J2000; ?300 cash; balance monthly.
J. R. PERKINS, Lorin station, Berkeley.
BERKELEY— For rent furnished house of 6
rooms, pantry and bath; 2118 Channing vray.l
block from steam and electric cars at Dwight
way station; garden, fruit, etc.; large lot BOx
S*X); pas. water, stable, etc; come and see.
BERKELEY ROOMS.
NEAR CARS— Two nice, sunny suites of fur-
> nished rooms for light housekeeping or will
rent rooms -with board: terms reasonable. Call
1734 Pela-rare pt.. near Grant. Berkeley.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAJfD REAL ESTATE.
$2500— J100 DOWN balance monthly; brand new
home of 6 fine large eunny rooms, with por-
celain bath and sink; elevated lot; 40x160 feet
(note the elze); near Grove Et.; street work
all done; a pretty, cozy home at a sacrifice.
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO..
Broadway, Oakland.
FOR SALE— At a sacrifice; a lovely cottage of
6 rooms and bath; large barn, chicken houses
and fruit trees; close to electric cars and
cchoolhouse ; lot 50x175; all In the best of con-
dition. F. W. STEPHENS. 5970 Colby Bt. .'
Oakland.
HOUSES of every description and price for
i>ale or rent. Apply to W. E. BARNARD,
HIS Broadway; telephone Main 10.
f 1150— GROCERY doing good business; horse,
delivery wagon, etc.; fine corner: bargain for
fomf one; investigate. ALDEX CO.. 1118
Broadway, Oakland.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cent-— The Weekly Call,
It pages. In wrapper for mailing. $1 'per year.
OAKLAND FIRXITCRE FOR SALE.
AN Introduction to you from H. Schellhaas, the
furniture dealer, 11th and Franklin, Oakland.
ROOMS FOR HOCSEKEEPIXG.
BELL rrhe), 1773 Market— Housekeeping rooms,
flO up; others t6 up.
CASTRO. 419. nr. 17th— 2 housekeeping rooms.
furnished complete; private entrance: cheap.
EDDY, 923 — 4 unfurnished sunny rooms; pri-
vate residence; no children; fine location.
EDDY, 833 — Unfurnished handsome double par-
lors, hallroom. kitchen; no children.
XLLIS, 1127—2 nicely furnished sunny rooms;
complete for housekeeping.
COLDEX GATE ave.. 409 — ( rooms on parlor:
complete; also large alcove and kitchen.
HOWARD. 1063—2 connecting sunny bay-win-
dow hskpg. rooms; electric lights; others.
LAGUNA. 9C2— 3 sunny furnished front rooms,
r-ach suitable for 2; 2 housekeeping cheap.
LEXINGTON ave.. 876, near 21st st— 3 sunny
furnished rooms for housekeeping; kitchen;
complete.
.McALLISTER. ZOOO. cor. Central ave.— 2 sunny
rms.. furnished for housekeeping; sink; $10.
MINNA, 2S— 4 nice sunny furnished front house-
keeping rooms; cheapest in city.
OAK. IIS— Large sunny front room; furnished;
! housekeeping; etove; closet; $10; basement
room; yard; $6.
TTtLK. 1002—8 and 5 room suite*, completely
furnished for housekeeping; $15 up; reference.
TEHAMA, S27% — 2 or 3 nice housekeeping
rooms; hot and cold water; kitchen complete.
TfKK. 123—2 large Bunny rooms, furnished
well; large yard; $15. ..
ri'RK, £23 — Chicago style; fine new two and
three room suites for housekeeping; unfur.
and fur.; eJec.- lights; hot water; Janitor.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore st.
.'» BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
Fubficriptions has been eetabllshed at 1096
Valencia et. ¦
ROOMS TO LET Fnra. and Pnfnrn.
AHLBORN HOTEL, 121 Grant aye.— Beet Jl a
day family hotel In city; polite attendance;
large rooms. SCe up; meals. 25c; free coach.
A-BRUNSWICK HOUSE, 1*8 Sixth— Rooms.
2ic to fl per night; SI 23 to $S per week, and
!ight housekeeping rooms; open all night.
AKGTLE. 224 McAllister— New, elegant, «unny;
prill attached; country visitors find no place
like the Argyle: take McAIllster-st. cars.
AT Shasta House, 246 Third— 200 rooms, newly
rc-novated; 2^: to 11 night; phone Black 4915.
BACHELOR Hotel. 18 Maeon Bt— 100 newly
furniEbed & renovated rms., B6c up; elevator;
floetrie ligbts in every rotfm; return <aall bells;
first-class; central; quiet; gentlemen only.
BUItXETT. 1426 Market (old No. «64)-Fur-
nibhed rms.. suites, tingle; a' so unfurnished.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
EDDV. 210— Elegant parlor floor suitable for
doctor: also single and double rooms.
ELLIS. C29. corner Larkln— Sunny furnished
_J"g<Jrai_l (3l ' ain g b^: email room cheap.
ELUS, nfc—JCltc sunny room; use of parlor
_J__g_p!anr>; reasonable. - •
roLsoM, £20. near Fourth— Furnished rooms,
_ SI per week.
F 2_*5' TH ' 225-Nice front room; also single
G ?i A . RY ' <0 ". The Navarre— Elegantly furnished
- "'"'*' a "'i single; travelers accommodated.
Ii ° TE L Bt bENIfe (European plan). 24 Turk
«.. near Market— Central location; new build-
rA?\J'T" nly f u">»»*ed: strictly Hrst-clajs:
£«>{r ay tna u P w ard; epecial rates by the
? _iT. m r V onth ; b * st * n the city; referencea;
take Market : st : _cable care to Turk st
K T^\S7a 2- Rnd « Post— Offices or eanny
I furnished roomg; en suite or single.
> L tnd V^ VOI:TH ' i ar _ e room,; bOt
*M cold water; large yard. •
KOOMS TO LET — Fnrn. and tTntnrn.
MARKET. 1015 (New Arlington)— Nicely fur-
nlshed rooms. $2 a week up; 35c a day up. '¦>
MARKET. 1035— Front suite; suitable for me-
filum or magnetic healer. ... -; ,
MARTINET. 1101 Geary— Elegant suites, newly
furnished; private; bath; single rooms $10 up.
NEAT furnished front room with gas,' hot and
cold water; large closet; grate; suitable for
two. 513 McAllister st.
NEWLY and elegantly furnished rooms In
gore building, cor. Market and Van . Ness
ave. ; gentlemen preferred; references.
O'FARRELL, 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; elec lights; day, week, mo.
PINE place. 6. off Pine st., between Mason and
Taylor — $10; 3 large sunny rooms. --.
OXFORD. S71 O'Farrell— Furnished front suite
and single rooms, $3 week up; transient.
POLK. 1C1L near Jackson— S unfurnished
rooms.
POWELL. 508—2 sunny unfurnished rooms in
basement; kitchen; private family; refs.; $15.
ROYAL House, 126 Ellis— Incandescent light;
reading-room, emoking-room and ladles' par-
lor; rooms, per night, Soc to $1 60; week. $2 to
$8; month. $8 to $30; elevator on ground floor;
rooms T'ith hot and cold water: baths. ,
SCOTT, 1219. near Ellis— 2 large unfurnished
sunny, rooms. ¦ !
SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth st.
near Market— Furnished or unfurnished.
SHOTWELL, 121— Sunny furnished front room;
bath, closet; $3 SO per monthr ¦¦..¦.
STOCKTON. 33!— Nice sunny clean suites and
single rms.; run. water; baths; phone; cheap.
THE CECILENE. 930 Van Ness ave.
Bachelor's apartments; .elegantly furnished;
all sunny rooms: references. • .
WELLINGTON. 73 3d— Nicely furnished rooms;
modern improvements; rooms $1 50 week up.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
•subscriptions has been established at 1O'j6
Valencia st.
ROOMS AND BOARD.
UNRIVALED furnished rooms; best corner In
Oakland; unsurpassed family table, 25c per
meal; $4 per week; every accommodation and
attention. 11034 Broadway, cor. Twelfth st,
third flat. Oakland.
ALMORA. Twentieth and Mission; warm belt;
new management: modern; sunny rooms; ta-
ble board; unexcelled. TeL Church 1181.
HAIGHT. 326— Large double parlors, two man-
tels, newly furnished; best private table
board: other rooms.
SUNNY front room, en euite or single, with
board, bath and every convenience; reason-
able. £84 Golden Gate ave. .
CALIFORNIA. 807— Stevenson mansion: select
family hotel ;exceptlonal table;attractlve rms.
HOTEL Repelier, 781 Sutter— Newly furnished;
excellent, t^tble; special rates to tourists.
THE Crocker, 915 . Leavenworth— Fine sunny
roomB.slngle and en suite; beautiful grounds.
Van Ness avp., 712 — Alcove & bay-window rms. ;
sun all day; running water; choice table.
A WEEK'S news for S cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages. In wrapper for mailing. $1 per year.
ROOMS AJTP BOARD WASTED.
WANTED— By a lady, quiet, sunny, unfur^
nlshed room; $3 or $4; south of Market; per-
manent. 1115 Mission st
MAN and wife with small child desire room
and board for wife only in private family
north of Market st Box 4573. Call office.
ROOMS WAKTED.
WANTED— 2 connecting sunny housekeeping
rooms; private family; state rent; man and
wife. Box 4570. Call office. _^
SPECIAL NOTICES.
NOTICE— We are responsible for our photo
contracts and coupons as they are printed; i
positively no -»»rbal agreements with agents
accepted. GLOBE Portrait Co., 3 Taylor. St.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery st. rooms 9-10. tci. 5580.
DISEASES and ailments of men treated; con-
sultation free. American Dispensary. 514 Pine.
SEWIXG MACHINES AXD SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, eold. rented, exchanged; re-
pairing; lowest rates. TeL. Black 1124, 205 4th.
ALL kinds bought sold.- rented; exchanged; n~
pairing; lowest rates: phone Mint 45. 145 Sixth
SLOT BIACHnVES. -"
TWO roulettes, only $75 each, cost $250. 1167
Market bet 7th and 8th; other machines. - .
STORAGE AA'D WAREHOUSES. ' '
p7E^C^m*D^LP^T^to^e^a^d^Mo^ing~Car
office Post and Powell sts.: teL Main 5713.
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse. 840 Mis-
elon st; tel. Howard 94L F. W. ZEHFUSS.
BEKIXS Van and Storage Co., 722 Mission st ;
teL, Main 1840; shipping at cut rates.
PACnC S-toragre and Furniture Moving Com-
pany, 2320 Fillmore st; phone Jackson 281.
AXD SUPPLIES.
GREAT BAKGA1NS IN TTPEWRITERS^We
cell better machines for less money than any
Jiouse In the city; rentals, $3. The Typewriter
Exchange. 536 California; telephone Main 266.
RENT a new Franklin typewriter for $1 week
and have your -work Jn sight. CUTTEH
TOWER CO., 302 Montgomery; tel. Black 4885.
HARTFORD typewriters; new, $60: anti-tmst:
all makes: used machines $10 up. 209 Sansome.
ASSESSMENT NOTICES.
CASMALIA Ranch Oil and Development Com-
pany—Location and principal place of busi-
.. ness. San Francisco. Cal. : location of works,
Santa Barbara County, Cal. Notice Is hereby
given that at a meeting of the board of dl-
. rectors held on the 30th day of July, 1901,
an assessment of four cents per share' was
levied upon the capital stock of the corpora-
tion, payable immediately to the secretary of
said corporation, at its office, room 304 Claus
Spreckels building, southwest corner of Third
and Market sts., San Francisco, Cal. Any
stock upon which this assessment shall re-
main unpaid on the second day of September,
1901, will be delinquent and advertised for
sale at public auction, and unless payment is
made will be sold on the 19th day of Septem-
ber, 1901, to pay the delinquent assessment,
together with coots of advertising and ex-
penses of sale. T. H. CURLET, Secretary.
Office, room 304, Claus Spreckels building,
•outhwest corner Third and Market sts., San
Francisco. Cal. . .- .-
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND notice— The Giant Powder Com-
pany, Con.— A dividend. No. 32, of seventy-
five cents (75c) per share on the issued capital
stock of the company has been declared pay-
able- at the office of the company, 435 Call-
lorn ia st, San Francisco, on August 10, 1901.
Transfer books .close August 3, 190L at noon.
A. A. SPARKS. Secretary.
________ _
PROPOSALS for Quartermaster's Supplies. De-
pot Quartermaster's office, 36 New Montgom-
ery St., San Francisco, Cal., August 3. 1901.—
Sealed proposals. In duplicate, will be received
at this office until 11 o'clock a. m., Tuesday
August 1J, 1901, Pacific Standard Time, and
then opened, for furnishing Stove and Range
Furniture, 8. P. Elbows, Stovepipe, Ranges,
Stoves, Coal Vases, Parts of Ranges and
Grates. G. I; Boilers. Stove Bolts, S. P. Col-
lars and Stove Putty. Preference will be given
to articles of domestic production and manu-
facture, conditions of price and quality being
equal (including in the price of foreign pro-
duction and manufacture the duty thereon),
and such preference will be given to articles
of. American production and manufacture pro-
duced on the Pacific Coast, to the extent of
the consumption required by the public serv-
ice there. The United States reserves the right
to accept or reject any or all proposals or any
part thereof. Information and blanks for pro-
! posals will be furnished on application. En-
velopes containing proposals will be Indorsed
"Proposals No. 5458." and addressed to MA-
JOR OSCAR F. LONG, Quartermaster, U. S.
Army. Depot Quartermaster. ?
OFFICE of C. Q. M.. Vancouver Barracks,
Wash., July 6/ 1901— Sealed proposals, in trip-
licate, will be received here until 11. o'clock
a. m.. August «. 1&01. and then opened, for
furnishing forage and bedding at the sev-
eral military posts In this department, and at
camp at Skaguay, Alaska, and Fort Liscum
(Port Valdez), Alaska, for fiscal year ending
June 30, 1902. Information furnished here or by
quartermasters at - poets. - United States
reserves right to reject or accept any or all
proposals or any part theeof. Envelopes con-
taining proposals should be marked: 1 "Pro-
¦ poeals for Forage and Bedding at " and
addressed to the undersigned. J. W. JA-
COBS. C Q. M. -«¦¦¦- -.
OFFICE of the C. Q. M., Vancouver Barracks,
Wash.. July '30, -1901.— Sealed proposals,' In
triplicate, will be received here until 11 o'clock
a. m . August 13. 1901. for furnishing and de-
livery at Fort Walla Walla. Wash., 126 Stand-
ard Artillery Horses. Delivery to commence
within three weeks after award of contract
and to be completed within 60 days thereafter.
Preference given to animals of domestic pro-
duction, conditions of. quality and price being
equal. U. S. reserves the right to reject any
or all bids or any part . thereof . For further
Information see circular to bidders or apply
to this office. Envelopes contalnlnjpLpropositis
phould be marked: "Proposals for»ArtiIlery
Horses.", and addressed to the undersigned."
I J. W. JACOBS. C. Q.M. •-.. -.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
«. Steamers leave Broadway
Wharf. San Francisco:
Sf|w-, For Alaskan ports— IX a. m..
f8§P^* July 15, 20, 25. 30. August 4.
f^Sf^J^jg^ Change to company's steam-
¦ Ea\ fcwTTfc*^ ers * at Seattle. - ¦ -¦ "
j 18?Jawi\Sl For Victoria. Vancouver (B.
C). Port Townsend. Seattle.
I r^^m&xB&BA Tacoma. Everett. Anacortes
** and New Whatcom f\Vash.>—
**• 11 a. m.. July 15. 30. 25. . VK
Aug. 4, and every fifth day thereafter. Chans*
at Seattle for this company's steamers for
Alaska and G. N. Ry.: at Seattle or Tacocv*
for N. P. Ry.: at Vancouver to C. P. Ry-
For Eureka, and Humboldt Bay— 1:20 p. m. ..
July 11. 16. 21. 16. 31. Aug. 5. and every nftn
& Fot sln & V>Ugo, stopping only at Santa Bar-
bara Pert Los Aneeles and • Redondo (Los An-
geles)— Steamer Santa Rosa. Sundays. 9 a. m.:
steamer State of California. "Wednesdays. »
*>« Los Angeles, calling at |anta Cru^
Monterey. San Simeon. Cayucos. Port_Harford
(San Luis Oblspo). Gavlota. Santa Barbara.
Ventura. Enencme. East San Pedro. San Pe-
dro and 'Newport ('Corona only)— Steamer
Corona. Saturdays. 9 a. m.; steamer Bonlta.
Tuesdays, 9 a. m. •». ¦•'¦¦ „ "°* '1 .
For Ensenada. Maffdalena Bay. Fan Jo** d#l
Cabo. Maratlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa. Rosa-
lia and Guaymas <Mex->-10 a. m.. 7th each
For further information obtain company's
Th« "comtwmT reserves the ridht to chnnrw
steamers, salllne dates and hours of sallla*
without nrevloos notice.
TICKET OFFICE— 4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PEBKTTSfS * CO.. Gen. Atrent*.
10 Market at.. San Franctaeo.
O. R. StN. CO.
. Only S*«».«r«»»*»*T> :ti*»» *«»
PORTLAND, Op.,
And Short Rail L!n» from Portland t»> nil
rc'nta Ka«t. T*ron«h Ilsltet^ ti nil
point*. f«1l put' *••• "tewmm^m i»n1 rail, al
IiOWEST XIA.7XSS.
STEAMER TICKETS INCLUDE BERTH aad 3TEAL1
SS. COLUMBIA
Sails Au«r. 1. 11. 21. 31. Sept. 10. 20. 30
SS. GEO. "W. ELDER »
Palls Auar. 6. 16, 26. Sept. 5. 15. Ti
D.W.HITCHCOCK.GEX.A)rt..l Montgm'y. S.F.
AMERICAN LINE.
ITEV T0>K SfITTF»aPT05. tO^ECJf. PA2!i
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York "Wednesdays, at 10 a. m.
St Louis Au*m»t H]St. Louis Sept. 4
•Zeeland .....August 21 1 Philadelphia ...Sept. 11
St. Paul August 28 St. Paul Sept. IS
RED STAR LINE.
New Vorlc and Antwero.
From New York Wednesdays, at 12 noon, f
Kensington .'.August 1^ ......Sept. 4
•Zeeland Au trust 21 Vaderland .....S9pt. 11
Fiiesland August 2S Kensington .a... Sept. 13
- »Stop at Cherbourg, eastbound. t
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
CHAS. D. TAYLOR.
General Agent Pacific Coast. 30 Montgomery st.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS' WILL LEAVE ¦WTHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. in.,
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calllnj at
Kobe (Hlogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai and
connecting st Hongkons with steamers far
India, etc. Ko cargo received on board on
(Say of salllns.
FS. AMERICA M A RU... Saturday. Aug. 10, 1301
SS. HONGKONG MARU
Wednesday. September 4. IV)\
fcP. NIPPON MARU.. Friday. September 27. l«»l
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office.
421 Market street. corn«r First.
W. H. AVERY. General Agent.
llCCUSliC 5ltf*VVl ZEALAND >»o SYDNEY,
S. S. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti :..-...
Tuesday. August «, 10 a. m.
S. S. MAR1POSA, for Honolulu -
Saturday. August io f 2 p. m.
S. S. SONOMA, for Honolulu. Samoa. New
Zealand and Ads Thurs.. Aug. 22. 10 a. m.
j. B.SPREDXELS k BROS. CO., Genera! Agents. 327 Har&sift
Beal Passonaw CEcs, 643 Hariut Si., t'w la. 7. Pacific St
COMPAGNIE GENEBAL3 TBAN3ATLANTIQUS
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. _M-gf»
Sallir.g erory Thursday. Instead o£
Saturday, at 10 a. m., from pier 42. ""*a«»
North River, foot of Mf.rton street: La Gas-
cogn*. August 8: *L'Aqultaine. August 15; La
Nonr-andie. August 22: La Bretagne. August 29.
First class to Havre, $70 and upward. Seeon<i
class to Havre. M5 and upward.- GENERAL
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES and CAN-
ADA 52 Broadway (Hudson building). New
York. J. ~F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents. S Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tickets void by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
•Twin Scr«w ExDress Steamers.
PANAMA R. R, S S P
TO NEW YORK VIA PANAMA DIRECT.
- Cabin. $103; Steerage. $40; Meal* Free.
5. S. Arfcy^l sails Mon Ht, Ant. 13
6. S. Leelanaw nrtV.n Monday, Aug. 26
S. 8. Arftyll ssi s Tuesday. Sept. 24
: From Steuart street at 2 p. m.
Freight and passenger office. 330 Market st.
• F. F.' CONNOR, Pacific Coast Agent.
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION CO.
And CIA SUD AMERICANA QE VAPOUES
To Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican. Central
and South American ports. Sailing from How-
ard 3. Pier 10, 12 m.
ACONCAGUA.. Aug. 6!GTJATEMALA."..Aug. 22
PERU...... Aug. HIPALENA Sept. 4
These steamers are built expressly for Cen-
tral and South American passenger servico.
(No change at Acapulco or Panama.) Freight
and passenger office. SIB California street
; BALFOTIR. GUTHRIE & CO.. Gen. Agents.
BAY' -A^> ;.B^VEB, STEAMjgRa
FOR I), S. NAVY YARD AND VALLEJO.
"Steamers GEN. FRISBIE'or MONTICELLO
1:45 a. m., J:"5 and S:30 p. m.. except Sua-
day. Sunday. 1:45 a. m. - . 8:30 p. m. Leave*
Vallejo 7 a. m.. , lt:30 noon.' < p. m.. excepc
Sunday. Sunday. 7 a. m.. 4:15 t>. ra. Fara »}
cents. Telephone Main 1S0S. Landing and of-
fice, pier i. ilUslon-at. doci. HATCH BROd.
between Twenty-fourth . and ', Twenty-fifth,
where a' requiem high: mass will be' cele-
¦ brated for the repose of his , soul, commenc-,
ing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery. • • •- "- • - . ' '.-
BTOCKWELL^In this \ city; August 1, 1901.
Dr. George W. Stockwell of. Richmond, Cal.;
beloved -husband of J.- Wlnnifrfcd Stockwell,
a native of Vermont, aged 45 years 3 months
and 17 days. ;' ¦ .- ' •_ • '¦ • . ;
C7Friends and, acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the . funeral to-dav
. (Saturday), at 11 o'clock, from the Masonic
Temple, corner Post and Montgomery streets,
undsr the auspices of Dorlo - Lodge No. 216,
F. and A. M. Interment - Cypress Lawn
Cemetery, - by - funeral car, from Eighteenth
and'Guerrero streets. •
SULLIVAN—In thl3 city, Augxst 2, 1901, Agnes
A... beloved. daughter of Michael and Nellie
Sullivan, a. native of San Francisco, aged
' 1 year and 22 days? „•
WALTHOUR—In this city, August 1, 1901,
John F., dearly beloved con of Frank and
Dottle Walthour." and'brother of Asrnes and
Harold and the late Helen and John F.-Wal-
thour, a native of San Francisco, a_red 1
month and 26 days. • ¦ . • - -.- .,
CC7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow |
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence of i
the parents, 76 Natoma street. Interment'
Holy Cross Cemetery. ;.-._' «-.
WERLING—In this city, Aujjust 2, 1901, Rose,
beloved ¦ wife of Joseph Werling, a native of
Louisville, ICy., aged ZQ years and 1 day. • j
WHITTEN—In Placerville. Cal., Ausust 2 '
¦ 1901, Carrie Virginia Whitten, daughter oC
Carlton F. and Carrie M. Whitten, a native
of San Francisco, aged 6 I months and 24
days. - ¦¦¦-.. ; ¦:-
Florist Co;
V 7 ARTI.ST1C FLORAL DESIGNS
• Prices Reasonable.
107 POWELL ST.n-a«ELLIS JSE? 505(5STRAWS IN THE WIND.
There is plenty of room at the top, but
as soon as a man gets there he tries to
occupy it all. ' .
At . the regular weekly,: meeting of the
Iroquois Club, held last evening in Pyth
ian Hall, J. H. Zemansky explained i tha
new primary. law to the different precinct
captains. , ' * :-."•
Primary I»aw.at Iroquois Club.
Registration is on the increase. To-day
is the last day, to register and the Regis
trar is prepared to enroll 2000 names be
fore the office closes at 11 o'clock to-night.
Registrar Walsh believes, that he has
found' at least : , thirty "stuffers" who are
registered in trie Forty-fourth, and Forty
fifth districts. Walsh sent out' postal
cards to the addresses of those he con
sidered doubtful and yesterday the postal
authorities returned the cards with the
information that in one case the party
registered from a vacant house, and that
three others do not reside at the addresses
given. Unless they appear ¦ before the
Election Commissioners next Monday
their names will be stricken from the reg
ister. . ~. ' . •.¦>..-
Begistrar Unearths Stuffers.
Sixty-ninth Precinct— Isadore Gutte, TV. "W,
McNair, J. C. Quinlan. r -. . ¦ .. ¦
Seventieth Precinct— Samuel Magner, 'Frank
B. Kane, Joseph I. McNamara: .
Seventy-flrst Precinct— H. F. Patrick, H. H.
Walsh. William Halpln. . .-
Seventy-second Precinct—Joseph B. Kennedy,
Dr. George Boskowitz, Phil Broad.
Seventy-third Precinct— Oliver ,' Sloan, D.
Stevenson, T. O'Connor.' •
Owing to the continued illness of Rail
road Commissioner Laumeister the ! in
vestigation * of rates on oil from Kern
County, now being heard by the Board of
Railroad Commissioners, was postponed
until Monday morning at 10 o'clock.
Oil Rate Case Postponed.
Verua cures piles or $50 reward. All up
to-date druggists sell. and guarantee It. •
.J..D. Reid, a "painter, while at work on
a building at 1357 Post street, yesterday
fell from a swinging scaffold a distance
of sixteen feet to the ground. He was re
moved to the Emergency Hospital, where
Dr. Murphy, found that his injuries con
sisted of several contused ' bruises about
the head and body. He was removed to
his home at 15 Erie street.
Fainter Falls Sixteen Feet.
Police Officer M."P.' Hurley met with a
serious accident yesterday while attempt
ing to board a Sixth-street trolley 1 car.
The officer was on his way to report for
duty at 6:30 a. m. He hailed the car, but
the motorman paid ho attention to his
signal. Hurley jumped on the rear plat
form, but slipped and fell, breaking his
right arm between the shoulder, and el
bow. The unfortunate officer some time
ago broke his. collarbone while arresting
a rough. >~ ,- ¦!¦¦".
Officer Hurley's Arm Broken.
By G. MacAuliffe, is a grand new song
dedicated . to the workmen of America.
25c a copy at all music stores, or of the
publisher, 572 McAllister st. . •;¦;
"Strike for Justice,"
The following committees have the af
fair in charge: Chairman, William E.
Murphy; games and programme — A. E.
Wesaling. George P. Feeley, H. Shuler
and William Mull; prizes — A. S. Woods,
A. Welsh, E. E. Sawyer and Al Henry;
transportation and grounds— B. Mahoney,
M. O. Wise and D. H. Beerson. «
The initial excursion and. picnic of the
San Francisco postoffice clerks, which is
to be held at Schuetzen Park on Sunday,
the ISth Inst.,' promises to be a success.
The men of the various departments of
the local office have been working faith
fully for the past month to make the out
ing a pleasant one. • «r ¦ ' ' .
No branch of the Government service
labors harder than the postofflce clerks,
whose. duty It is to handle millions of let
ters daily and distribute them accurately
on schedule time. As they never come in
contact with tr;e public this means is
taken to introduce themselves.'
Extensive Preparations Being Hade
for Enjoyable Outing at Schuet
zen Park.
FCSTOFFICE CLERKS *
WELL HOLD A PICNIC
Mr, and Mrs. Hogsdon came to San
Francisco from Guatemala about six
months ago, and she was placed in the
care of Mrs. Annie Teager and her daugh
ter, Annie Haaf, at 1541% Mission street,
by her husband pending his return from
the East. It is believed Hogsdon is on
his way Here now, but his silence was in
terpreted by his wife to mean his death
or. disappearance.
The husband of the dead woman is Dan
iel B. Hogsdon, manager of a. railroad in
Guatemala, and he was expected to arrive
from New York yesterday. Mrs. Hogsdon
had expected him three weeks ago, and
when he did not arrive at the appointed
time she wrote a letter and addressed ?t
to him. In the letter, which was found in
her room yesterday by Deputy Coroner
Flynn, she complained to her friends that
she was very nfuch disappointed because
she had not heard from her husband and
feared that he had met. with an accident.
Her despondency increased day by day
until she 'found it necessary to consult a
physician concerning . her nervousness.
The poison that she swallowed was the
first vial of medicine that had been pre
scribed for her. ¦ ¦' ¦:¦..--• , -V.-
Mrs. lone Hogsdon, a married woman
19 years old, committed suicide yesterday
morning by swallowing the contents of a
vial; of bromide which had been pre
scribed for her by Dr. Kengla in half
teaspoonful doses three times a day. Miss
Mamie Tyler, her cousin, who resides at
1627 Mission , street, called to see her yes
terday morning at 9 o'clock and found her
lying on .the floor of her room in a coma
tose condition. Miss Tyler, being unable
to awaken her, called Dr. Korts, who la
bored until 10:45 a. m. in attempting to
resuscitate her, when the unfortunate wo
man died.
Pails to Hear Prom Husband,
and Fearing the Worst,
Swallows Bromide.
Tragic Deed of the Wife
of a Railroad;
. Manager.
ENDS HER LIFE
WITH POISON
REGISTRATION lor tlie
primary election Au
gust 13 closes to-night.
All citizen* who were
not resrl»»tered for the Presi
dential election should regis
ter to-day. All •who -were reg
istered and have wince
-cliausred their residence
must register again or be de
prived of their vote at the
primary election.
Delegates to the municipal
- nominating conventions j are
to be chosen at the primary
election on August 13. This
election will determine the
character of the municipal
government for the next two
years. • Every citizen "who
stands for home . rule and
clean local government
should vote at the primary
election. Failure to vote Is a
half svote for the corrupt
bosses who- are . combining to
loot the city. .
THIS IS THE
LAST DAY FOR
REGISTRATION
In the afternoon at 4 o'clock will occur
the closing solemnities of the Holy Name
Society jubilee procession. On the return
from the cathedral benediction of the
blessed sacrament will be given to the as
sembled men. The general communion of
the members of the society will be made
at the S o'clock mass. At 7:30 p. m. rosary
procession, special music and sermon bv
the Rev. William A. Nettervtlle of Vai
lejo.
•'Aeperges" (Thunder), choir; "Ti Prego"
(Curechmann). trio, tenor, soprano and alto
"VenI Creator" <Tosto). duet, alto and bary
tone; offertory. "Ave Maria." <Loretr). tenor
•olo and female quartet and ensemble chorus
Gounod's "Messe Solonelle" will be rendered iri
its entirety. Soloists— Soprano, Miss Lilly Roe
der; alto. Miss Ella McCloskey; tenor John
Desmond; basso. Walton Webbe.
The celebration of the feast of St. Dom
inic, the patronal feast of the church of
this city, will take place to-morrow, be
ginning with solemn high mass at 11 a. m
the celebrant, the Rev. Father T. C. Clan
cy; deacon, the Rev. Father J. S. Welsh
sub-deacon, the Rev. Father Leo Keagen
The Rev. Father J. L. O'Xeil will preach
the panegyric. The music of the mass
will consist of:
at the Morning Mass, With Com
munion to Follow.
Impressive Music Will Be Eendered
ST. DOMIHTC FEAST
TO BE CIXEBBATED
Boss Kelly Tries an Experiment With the Political Wind and Finds That
It Blows Him No Good.
Mrs. Davis said last night that she had
every faith in the girl, but her story of a
mysterious uncle and a stolen fortune is
regarded as a figment of her imagination.
Detective Lucas says the girl paid him
$5 to try and find a missing relative for
her. and that the statement that she had
paid him tSOO or that he had recovered
$40,000 worth of property for, her was ab
solutely false. Mr. and Mrs. Davis have
had the girl in their employ for three
monthF. She answered an advertisement
for help and was living at a downtown
hotel at that time. She claims that she
is an orphan and that she has traveled
extensively. The police will subject the
girl to a rigid investigation to-day. The
first intimation that the neighbors of Mr.
and Mrs. Davis had of the alleged rob
bery was when the servant girl put her
head out of the window and called for
help.
Last week ehe informed Mrs. Davis that
Detective A. E. Lucas < had located her
"uncle" and '"recovered all the property
for her." ¦ r „
Pauline de Vore told Mr. and Mrs. Davis
a strange tale, when she took service with
them. She said she had come from Den
ver Trith $900 in ter possession to locate
an uncle who was practicing medicine in
Ean Francisco \under an assumed name
and who was in possession of property be
longing to her valued at $40,000. . ¦ . ¦ ¦
There appears to be good ground for
suspecting that the girl's account of the
burglary may have to be amended. Al
though she said that the burglar, grasped
her arm and neck, not a sign of a bruise
could be found on her arm or neck, and
further investigation may develop some
surprises. "¦.'.-.. ?£':*¦•.; '.~i7.'<-/
The girl told a carefully detailed story
to the police and described the burglar
as a tall, heavy built man. about 30 years
old, with light blue eyes and a heavy
mustache that looked false.
The servant girl with the aristocratic
name told the police that at 9 p. m. ihe
door bell: rang and that through the
speaking tube a message came that a
messenger was there with a parcel. The
girl said that she opened the door and
that a- man came up the stairs and' put
a big pistol to her head and told her not
to scream. Then Fhe says the man took
hold of her arm and dragged her into the
bedroom of Mrs. Davis, where he stole a
quantity of silverware out of a trunk and
also a set of diamond Etuds. The pirl
taid she tried to run into her room but
fainted In the hallway and when she came
to her senses the alleged burglar had van
ished and the house had been ransacked.
Mr. and ilrs. Davis went to the theater
Jast evening, lea\1ng the servant girl in
charg* of the second story flat they oc
cupy. When they jeturned from the the
ater they found the police in charce of
the house and listened to a wild tale of a
bold man with a big pistol who had ran
sacked the premises and carried off all
the valuables.
The police were called upon last evening
to Investigate an ¦. alleged burglary and
hold-up that Pauline de Vore, a servant
girl employed at the residence of YV.
Da\-is. 4iS Fulton street, claims occurred
in the house, [¦'¦_:.--
Many Statements Made ' by
the Domestic Are Proved
x ;: to Be False. : :
Servant Tells a Strange
Tale of Mysterious
Burglary.^ -V -.
FULTON STREET
HOUSE IS ROBBED
ADROIT SCHEME OF THE BOSSES IN
THE FORTY-FIRST IS KNOCKED OUT
Personalities Are Exchanged in a Stormy j Session "of the
Horace Davis Glub— Neglect of Public Duty at the City
; Hall— Registration for Primary .Closes at 11 ;T6-Nigfit
The headquarters of the 1 Republican
Primary League Club of the Thirty-first
Assembly District has been established
at 227 Ninth street and a general meeting
will be held there on Monday evening,
August 5. _
A meeting of the Republican Primary
League Club No. 1 of the Thirty-second
Assembly District was held last evening
at penny's Hall, corner of Eighteenth and
Kentucky streets. Dr. T. Bryon de Witt.
H. H. Oellig:and M. M-- Miller delivered
addresses. . .¦ - ¦ J.-"L
The Republican Primary League Club
No. 2 of the Thirty-second Assembly Dis
trict will meet this evening at Mechanics*
Hall. N 444 Brannan street. Z. T. Cason wfll
address the meeting. -> '
The headquarters of the Republican Pri
mary League of the Thirty-fifth District
has been < established In the Park Hotel,
corner of Twenty- fourth : and Mission
A meeting of the Republicans of the
Thirty-seventh Assembly- District was
held last evening at the branch headquar
ters of the Republican Primary League,
552 Hayes street. Much enthusiasm was
shown and : great confidence expressed
that' the machine politicians, who have
heretofore dominated the district, would
; be defeated... ,• -¦';.-"
To-night a general meeting and smoker
will be held at the. main headquarters of
the Thirty-seventh Assembly District
Club of the Republican Primary League,
444 Devisadero street. The Republicans of
'the • district generally arc invited to at
: The , Republican Primary - League Club
of the , Forty-second Assembly District
will meet Tuesday ; night at - Golden Gate
Hall, 625 Sutter street. The ticket to be
named . for* the coming primary election
will ba considered by the club.
Primary , league District Clubs.
The regular , Democratic " Club of /. the
Thirty-ninth Assembly District * met at
Scottish Hall last night and- indorsed the
following for delegates. to the convention:
¦ Sixty-seventh Precinct— Mylei-Dolan, "William
T. McClain;' Thomas J; Cooney. V . ;.
'.'• Sixty-eighth Precinct— Frank Conklln, . Robert
E. • Weddle, ; Frank J. Lowe.
Thirty-Ninth. District Democrats.
i m^:: Thirty-Fourth District.
The Republican Club (anti-boss) of the
.Thirty-fourth- Assembly District met i last
night at Native Sons' Hall, Seventeenth
street,' near Valencia, and nominated the
following delegates to the municipal con
yeiitibn: ¦,--.-', . .. '
¦H.-J. Burns, R. L. Hathorne, H. N. :Beatty,
C. McClellan, E. D. Knight, P. F.Mertes,
Dorson . Nichols, Morgan Backus, John Ton
nlngson, P. W. Burnett, J. Corbett, G. T.
Shaw Jr.. J. E. Elkington, T. P. i>ooley, F. L.-
Walbel, I* F. Wagner, W. W. Chase, H. a.
Krasky, N. - L. Knowles, H. N. : Lang, « George
I. Raychester. Carl Anderson, A. H. : Menne.
Bradford insisted that Abe Reuf had his
"raws, on the delegation," but laughter
was his reward. • ¦ ' . .
Attorney Sanford Feigenbaum ¦ made a
good speech defending himself from the
attacks of Frank, and caused - that gen
tleman to squirm when,* in answer to
Felgenbaum's • demand, . Frank was- com
pelled to admit that he only opposed him
because he was a new- member of the
club. Feigenbaum brought down , the
house when he- dramatically informed
Frank that "no one could say he (Feigen
baum), wore the collar of a boss." . •
All kinds of tactics were resorted to by
the Grand Hotel faction in trying to stave
off a vote on the adoption of the list of
selected delegates. A motion to adopt the
minority report was voted down and the
roll call was demanded. This was de
feated, despite the .presence of stuffers
on the floor. Then the presence of the
stuffers was detected and they were given
orders^ to leave the room.
A motion to adopt the majority, report
was carried by an overwhelming major
ity, but again the roll call was adopted:
In order to conciliate, the disgruntled rep
resentatives of the Crimmins-Kelly crowd j
enough members voted , to allow the roll
to be called. Again the motion to adopt
the report of the executive committee pre
vailed and the boss element ; was finally
defeated. ' ,
The executive committee's position. In
refusing to yield to boss . demands was
sustained by a vote of 85 ayes to 15 noes.
reputation and caused much amusement
when he stated. that Irving had/admitted
that his (Brandt's) traducer was Alec
Truman,' who Brandt declared was a "po
litical mounteback." ¦
, E. Pistoles! took exception to the per
sonal remarks of*. Frank and Irving and
called them to account for attacking the
press which . was helping In the fight
against the bosses. Wallace Bradford ac
cused Pistolesi of having run as an inde
pendent candidate for the Assembly at
the instigation of Dibble.' Pistolesi made
a rapid-fire speech, in which the words
"lie" and "liar" were frequently used.
SACRAMENTO, Aug. 1.— The one-man
pow'er which 'dominates the affairs of the
State government under the Gage regime
has found another manifestation in the
appointment by Daniel Kevane, . secre
tary of the State Board of Examiners, of
Frank E. Smith as copy-holder for the
State Printer, although the appointive
power under the law resta with, the State
Printer himself.
When Smith called at the State Control
ler's office for his -July salarryhe was in
formed that he could not get It, since
no notice of his appointment had been filed
with that office. It appeared that the
appointment had been made by Kevane,
and Deputy Controller Douglas pointed
out that Kevane had no more right to ap
point the copy-holder than he had to ap
point a deputy In the Attorney General' 3
office. Subsequently State Printer John
son signed a notice of Smith's appoint
ment, which bears tha letterhead of the
Board of Examiners. Johnson said he fa
vored Smith himself, but the Controller de
clined to recognize the authority of Ke
vane in the premises. Smith is the secre
tary of the local Council of Federated
Trades, and while personally ¦ acceptable
for the place, his selection by Kevane is
thought to be in the Interest of Gage's
political plans. . •
Sacramento Causes a
»'--', Breeze.
Appointment by Daniel Kevane at
STATE CONTROLLER OBJECTS.
United States Attorney Woodworth re
ceived a letter ' yesterday from Attorney
General Knox complimenting him upon
the good work thus far done In deporting
Chinese female slaves. The Attorney Gen
eral requests Attorney "Woodworth to as
certain if possible and report the manner
In which these female slaves were illegal
ly landed here, and whether the frauds
were committed by or with the conniv
ance of Government officials or otherwise,
and If so by whom. The letter announces
that Mr. Woodworth may call upon one
of the United States secret service ope
ratives to assist him in the work of gath
ering evidence against the girls and their
With "regard to the statement made that
when these slaves return to China they
meet with a worse fate, the Attorney
General remarks that if that be the fact
it cannot- be avoided, and that Attorney
Woodworth must uee his individual dis
cretion under the law. .-v/f
Traffic Approved by the law
Department. ; ; v
His Action Against the Chinese Slave
ATTORNEY WOODWORTH
HIGHLY COMPLIMENTED
Brandt Jumped to his feet and a wordy
war ensued between him and Frank and
Irving. President Davis was obliged to
frequently use the gavel - and call ' the
speakers to order. Brandt defended : his
Mr. Frank brought in a minority, report
and accused those who signed the ma
jority report of having Juggled and played
at politics. Frank's report. asked that S.
C. Irving and John Millword be substi
tuted on the list of delegates for Morris
Brandt and Sanford Felgenbaum.' Frank
then made a bitter attack on Brandt and
accused him of having sold out the: club
a year ago and, voted with the bosses
when on the County Committee. He also
attacked the press for saying that he and
Irving were trying to capture the club for
the Grand Hotel element. .
The resort of the executive committee
was read by Sheldon G. Kellogg and waa
to the effect that no change should be
made in the list of delegates submitted at
the previous meeting of the club; and that
the charges made against certain dele
gates had absolutely no foundation.,.'
President Horace Davis, In calling the
meeting to order, stated that the principal
business to be transacted was the adop
tion of the report of the executive com
mittee of delegates selected for the com
ing municipal primary election. Nathan
Frank, who worked I hard for . the Grand
Hotel faction, moved that the meeting.be
executive, and was aided by S. C. Irving,
but the vote showed a .unanimous desire
that the proceedings should not' be secret.
One hundred and seven members of the
club were present, while a number of
stuffers from the Dibble faction took part
in the proceedings- until they were with
scant ceremony banished from the floor
of the hall.
Politicians who are being used to • do
the work of Kelly and Crimmins In the
Forty-first Assembly District were com
pletely routed last night at the meeting
of the- Central Republican Club in Lodge
Hall, 1605 Polk street.
Forty -First District.
Many citizens who went to the office of
the Registrar of Voters between 6 and 7
o'clock last .evening for the purpose of
registering for the primary election found
the place closed. A sign on the door gave
the information that the office would be
open again at 7:30 -o'clock. The attention
of the Election Commissioners and the
Registrar of Voters is called to this ob
vious neglect of public duty on 'the part
of some of the paid employes of the city.
Information Is given that the office will
be open to-day until 11 o'clock p. m.
There should be no suspension of work
to-day until the hour appointed for the
closing of registration for the primary
election. Citizens have rights which the
Election Commissioners and the Registrar
are bound to respect.
The directors of the Republican Primary
League are confident of success. The
league will put forward a straight anti
boss ticket in every Assembly district.
Measures will be taken at the proper time
to place a league ticket in the hands of
every registered Republican voter. It is
calculated in advance that the bosses will
employ all their cunning and dexterity to
mislead voters by circulating boss tickets
under Independent and anti-boss inscrip
tions, but proper steps will be taken in
ample time to protect the voters from, im
position.
Recent movements signify that the al
lied bosses are planning for a strong fight
in the Forty-first and Forty-fourth As
sembly districts. The large number of
transfers to the Forty-fourth District re
corded recently at the Registration Office
excites suspicion. The Registrar of Vo
ters and the Election Commissioners | are
on their guard and fraudulent voting will
be detected. The Republican bosses are
no doubt planning with the Democratic
push for an invasion of both districts.
Primary League Tickets.
The allied bosses confess defeat in ad
vance by refusing an open fight in the dis
tricts. They are bending all their efforts
in secret work to gain by compromise
scattering delegates. Underhanded and
unprincipled political methods are resort
ed to in order to mislead independent
clubs. ;¦# :•:
in opposition to the allied bosses.
Kelly, Gage, CrimminE, Herrin and their
followers from the interior are losing
ground. The indorsement of the Kelly-
Crimmlns County Committee by the Re
publican State organization has ' had an
effect just the reverse of that desired by
the. meddlesome gang of outside politi
cians. Republican citizens refuse to rec
ognize the so-called Tllden committee,
which the State body foolishly indorsed.
The blight ol bossism is on the commit
tee.
THE Republican Primary League
continues to render splendid serv
ice in the direction of uniting all
the elements of good citizenship
THE SAN FRAyCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, AUGUST 3, 1901.
12
ADVERTISE^JEEITTS^
SPECIAL BARGAINS
SATURDAY, MONDAY AND TUESDAY.
GRANULATED Best Caiie SU6AR, 20 Us $1
Extra Special Sugar. Saturday only.
Best Eastern Levin Bros, brand Hams, Ib I4ic
Market has advanced. Reg. 16c. ¦ ¦
FINEST CREAMERY BUHER, square. .353
We handle the best creameries.
3 squares $1. Reg. 43c.
BEST MISSION EGGS, dozen- • . . ... .22^
Gathered daily. Reg. 27%c doz.
CHOICE FAMILY FLOUR. 50-lb sack.. 80c
Regular 95c. Mttm
GOLDEN PHEASANT WHISKEY, qt bot 85c
Rich and mellow, 10 years old. Reg. $1 lo.
Imported Flag Brand SARDINES, 3 cans 25c
Best In the city. Reg. 12%c.
PURE CAL. OLIVE OIL, qt bot 75c
Warranted and put up by the El Pearl
Farm. Reg. $1: pts. 40c. reg. BOc.
BARATARIA SHRIMPS, can- ..10c
Special bargain. Reg. 15c.
WILLOW CREEK WHISKY, full quart $1.00
Hand-made Sour Mash. reg. $1 30; gallon,
$3: reg. $4
Salad Dressing, My Favorite brand, bot 25c
King of all. Reg. 35c. . ..; .'
GRAPE-NUTS, pkg .I2Jc
muC'4 cakes .....25c
Reg. 3 for 25c.
IRISH and SCOTCH WHISKEY, qt bot $1.00
• Genuine Imp. from Belfast. Reg. $1 15.
POTATOES, Extra Choice Burbanks.. $1.20
Extra special large box. Reg. $1 SO.
CARNATION CREAM, 3 cans .25c
Reg. 10c.
MACARONI, SPAGHETTI, box ..20c
Vermicelli. Reg. 25c
BALTIMORE COVE OYSTERS, 3 cans- .25c
Pelican brand, extra. Reg. 12}£c.
IMPORTED CASTILE.SOAP, 3-lb bar. . .25c
Virgin brand. Reg. 30c.
BORAX SOAP, Floating, 6 cakes..... 25c
Will not shrink flannels. Reg. 5c cake.
Our Country Customers
• Can take advantage of these "special"
sales. We ship free of charge within 100
miles on all orders exceeding $5. Ask Xor
monthly price list— free.
1348-1354 Market «tre At.
Opp. Seventh. Phone S. 232. No Branch Stores.
j^^^^^^^% £ i £3 1 n Alii
M V '"iil__^-'^^^- Btren S then the Eve and
I^JPIlJjHK : OBORGE MAYERL*»
IJrJWBBpl jlg^ll Also graduate Amerl,
Can < - > I )tical College.
48B .^%!r ' J ' ' jKSJaSiES *-*P en Evenings until 9.
f/B&& i :^' German Eyewater, 50c.
' NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
If EARNT : AND . WASHINGTON STS —RE,
** modeled and renovated. KING WARD <fc
CO. European plan. Rooms, 50c to $1 50 dav^
$5 to $3 week; $S to $20 month. Free baths; hoe
and cold water every room: flre grates In everv
room; elevator runs all night. "«Tr
J^DEWEY ( STR0N S& CD.^w
(r "PATENTS 1
w " B^»o. Overcoat* and
vaUaea_checied_fire«u '
LOWEST PRICES
EVgR MADE
—IN—
WALL PAPER.
FIGURED paper 3c per roll
GILT " 5c "
EMBOSSED "•• .....10c ••
G. W. CLARK & CO.
'. 033 Market Street. .
1RI1ElI ? C:>IN "B\ FW ¦ "H[ TP^kW^ r (S*l RIBBON
Luster Taffeta All Silk W |3 Mfflk ii^^ fl.1^- All°Sil1f Luster TaffkV
10c Yard. I * '-g*l>fll£ 19c Yard.
RcRular price ISc. M\. W' 1^ Re^lar price 3oc.
JHIS IS B^RGAIN"daW
DON'T BE LATR:
REMARKABLE PRICES.; >
l^pil^ia^^^f Children's White Pique Capes.
. should brins straight to our store every „ -. „... „ . ' " "r" 1 ¦,
. woman who has a possible need of a Made with extra shoulder cape and large
Waist. This offering gives choice of fully rollings collar, each- cape and collar
one hundred styles, beautifully made and ;£ m t a * , t w i, de embroidery, lined
. trimmed with Laces, Embroideries, Bead- throughout with .White Marseilles; regr-
. Ings. Tuckings and Hemstitchings— all .- ular price $3.00. On sale' to- ; <]> | (* K
the new shades. Including a vast assort- aay *• •«J7t»V»tF-
v ment of White Waists, are in this selec- "WOMEN'S WHITE PIQUE OVERSKIRTS '
tion; many worth $2.00, $1.75 and- $1.50. • made with full ripple flounce- sold them
To-day they all go on the bar- QQr» all season at $1.75.. We're closlmr AO«
gain tableat one price........... CF<3^ what's left at...................... UoC
To-day we're selling our ?1.00 SOLID '.Our regular $1.50 FULL FLOUNCED COV.
BLACK PERCALE LAUN- AQ r \ ERT OVERSKIRTS. on sale to- O = )>
DERED SHIRT WAISTS at.. T^CM* \ day at ..........?.."....;.; OOC
Our 75c BLACK MERCERIZED y|Q/> "
¦.SATEEN WAISTS at.........:...«"»'W ..
Our J1.25 BLACK MERCERIZED 7RJ/> O P--,-.!.!.. T I r ll J
sateen waists at < oc o oDBcals 18x611 From Underwear
Our $1.50 BLACK MERCERIZED QO r vjiwwiuig I HI\OII I IUIII UIIUCI nCOl
sateen waists at........ "Ov [ipn^rtmpnt
Our $2.50 BLACK MERCERIZED SATEEN UOJjai IlllCIIti ' ,
" * Specials forJo-Day Only. '"WS£&!^^h
R rt n For ou^ 85c WOMEN 1 S WRAP- WOMEN' S ' BALBRIGGAN : VESTS, me-
uUv'jPERS.' '-' \ " • ' • ¦ dium .weight, long, sleeves, on. |Q/,
QO% 'For our 65c WOMEN'S NIGHT- ' sale 1£PV*
O*7 trf , GOWNS, made of . best muslin,' ¦ •. : -'_ '
embroidery trimmed. ."•'.¦ • -• . . ,
1Q/, -For' 35c WOMEN'S MUSLIN H,,. OnrCflt flffor
1*/C- DRAWERS, trimmed with tucks UUl uUloBI UIIBli
and embroidery. .- • ¦ . ..^ -, TTCT T1 ; T • Our Corsets are guaranteed to fit and wear."
1Tf» - For 26c WOMEN'S MUSLIN , : Tou buy , our , Corsets, wear same thirty
*.t DRAWERS, trimmed, with, tucks days; if not 'satisfactory, we return y6ur'
, and ruffle.- . ' money , otv replace the ' old Corset with a
71_ FOR -OUR.' 12%C CHILDREN'S . new one.:. •
«V^ HOSE. . - . r „ TO-DAY WE SELL:
.inip FOR OUR- 20c CHILDREKS •• Our, 60c CORSET at.. 35c
\jC%\* >HOSE. ' 7 •¦;¦> . .:¦:¦•: " ' ' Our 75c CORSET at..;.............. 50c
-4 PZr* For our 75cCHILDREN'S WHITE '. Our $1.00 CORSET at.. ....":.•.;.¦." 75ci
—rOC HEMSTITCHED DRESSES, made ' ; Our J1.25 CORSET at.. .81.00
of best Cambric— Bretelles, neck andsleeves • ' Our $1.50 CORSET at......... ...§1.25
trimmed with embroidery. ., ,. , : - y -^^$2.00 CORSET^ at..... '...;...¦..:.. $1JSO
'CHILDREN'S- EMBROIDERED FLAN- . These Corsets" are In all the popular makes, >
NEL UNDERSKIRTS,, all sizes, -^ O^v.'^ ' v l^Iuding R. & G., P. & W. and Thomp-
; on sale..:..........:.-.:............. TOV ¦•¦¦*. .. slh's. •..,.". ,. . .- .
..; . , oPENTO-NiQriT un rii} ii oxlock:
IMZ-MiA, MARKET STREET,
i,V;.; /C . BETWEEN TAYLOR ;ANb;jONE8.' ; ' :
Eale's.
Hale's.
a Business ,J"^^fn
is an inspiring, stirring work. J^ \^$^ i ' i
¦ We've laid everything else aside for _^^^^^^^^ ff I I
an entire month. in order to build up %r f
your estimation and strengthen the <^\,^^ y I
* reputation of the store. jc^^ ; j& ' \ \
Everj'body knows this store is .-&r- ''-~_,^r
growing. Some don't know it as much
as others. Some don't know why. 31 **^
So we are going to set everybody straight this month. '
We'll sell what everybody wants at such prices as to compel i [
folks to come and get better acquainted with its.' i I i
Men's and Boys' 75c Shirts 50c. i
On sale to-day for the first time.
Newest percales in the brightest and catchiest colors, with
detachable link cuffs to match, with more blues than anything j |
else. Most men want blues, though there are many pinks and
helios; laundered; best 75c worth of style and comfort we know i
of for 50c. 1
|| Tuscan Face Powder 5c. ¦ |
On sa'e to-day for the first time. ;
Comes in flesh color and white, highly perfumed, guaranteed - (
not to injure the face. |
. Three other extra values on sale to-day at the drug counter are: | j ~S
Feather Face Powder— 5c. It is guaranteed perfectly harm-
less. : . ' . ' ~ . , \
Kirk's Perfumes— 25c an oz. Dainty, fragrant, lasting. I
. Chamois Skins 5Oc— were 75c; are full size, soft and perfect.
( ' tit 12'c Ladies' Hosiery 8c.
To-dsy for first time.
We never heard tell of any like it before. And we're where
we know what's going on in the stocking world. We think so
much of these stockings at I2j^c that we've been leaning on
them ior our biggest trade— the way our sales have been jump-
ing up every week shows what the public thinks . of them.
We've been building steadily, and safely with them at \2 l / 2 c.
What a tremendous jump^our hosiery reputation will take and
how much more will be your estimation of our hosiery resources
now that we're going to^sell . ",V" !
V At 8c a pair. j
Black Stockings we get 12^c for right along.
No matter how particular a woman may be. these are sure to • • K
suit her— and fit her. "We've every size, 8% to 10; full length, TU "
soft and elastic, excellent weight. Vw/ v
Child's Hose 8c. Ladies' Hose ICc. Y
These are the g ood bla<* .to*- be^U^iops^oubli Sffi and / » \
ings you have never seen under toes: size 8^ to 10. It keeps U3
10c. Fine ribbed, excellent weight, busy usually selling these stock- S\ f\nO\/
,on g an. elastic; sizes S to «. ' *^ 3GJ&Z ££ £J£ J 1^^ .
1200 of them go on sale, this so the price goes to 10c this Dinlf
morning. morning. £jO\ji\
To-day the third stone of our business building movement: n-n.-i-,^.., uty-"i
Money Back. 0o 9 d <
The trade between us is only begun when you pay your .TZ\ *
money and we deliver the goods. We hold your money ;—••-__ — =
in trust, till you are fully satisfied with what you have Vvi?
bought. If for any reason you'd rather _haye. your money. 1 _. _. •
than the goods', we'd rather you'd have it. .- It's the. repu- ; \viaf
tation we have for doing that that ) *****
has helped us build our present mag- ' . ; -^rr** >^T * '- *• - ~"N..
nificent business^and will carry us on « "*'..• '.•".*/' — S *-r- '. *
to still greater heights. : l ¦ . mmmmi^^ *
I jy I hp^P i
win f@^L i«»3ovi3 \
I\\V\«*-_^» are made with /
ljp0zx%^jp the greatest \ I
SI yWw^^*^ precision.: \
¥ Nfl//*- 4 v\ so as to
ml' i/^ relieve the
IS \\ihk \i$M\ e y es f rom I
u^J§m orrectany 1 1
A vision. When you are fitted I
|l| with a pair of these glasses I
V you get precisely what you
fh need, because they are ad- j
| justed to the eyesight only |
A nf'er the most careful tesr. i
WTAKDiRpOPTpLGa
|| It will pay you to bring tni© / 1
iuf ad. to our store. I I