and If he cannot do that he will, do the
next best thing, which is to get as far
away from her as possible. That Is . a
way that lovers have. They are a trifle
pouty and inclined to make things as hard
for themselves as they know how if they
cannot have all their own way.
There is another reason - perhaps for
some of his slight eccentricities.
Shortly after leaving school he was In
dulging in the national sport of fox hunt-
ing, and while racing across the wold to
head the "hounds, his horse fell, throwing
him to the ground and injuring him' so
severely . that it was years ¦ before (, he re
covered. His health never entirely recu
perated, and he still shows' a mixture of
the delicacy " which continued 'ill ' health
brings, yet overborne and negatived by
his naturally forceful character.
, It was after his return '.'from South
Africa, coming home a bronzed hero, -that
he met the young, lady, who was his fate',
(nameless -here,' f orevermore) i ibutT his
mother had otHer plans for: him. ¦ *, •
• Sir. Michael Edward, his. uncle, had mar-
rled not the daughter. of a hundred earls!
it is true but the daughter of three earls,,
and .'.'why 'should' not he make{a match'
•which would more closely, "cement the.
wealthy '¦ Hicks-Beaches' of .Gloucester to
England'Sinobility?, - : : • •
-In- the family quarrel which ensued: his*
father sided,: in : t wlth' his, mother ; and ; Sir
Michael of* course having, married;, well'
himself could not reverse rhis decision, and
his wlfe ; was -'bound to >upnbld" the' merits
of aristocratic- wives, for^young j men wlth|
futures,' so it ; .becamea.case"of all against
one." Life became a. burden and a. misery.
England,' the. estate," ".his 'family, on -one
hand, on theTother, side of ; the"balance\a
frail 'girl; not .so wonderfully^ different
from' other girls.would; she appear .'to 'the
rest df us; t>ut:to him it "was air the world
and, more.
i There is the wonderful power, of love
working at its strongest. Isit'a disease?
Almost .would we believe that the cynic
who said so was right, for It is a strange
malady- of ; the mind that .drives, one so
far fTom the path of reason and natural
human tendency. 1, ., - -
[ The desire to become a recluse as far as
concerned the life. he had known led the
lover, to*' studying accounts of "far-away
lands. In a newspaper advertisement of a
land' cumpany he saw "a description of
lie cannot have the girl that he loves.
Ar.d speaking of tigers, not irrelevantly
In this case, brings in the idea, that the"
question of the lady or the tiger is dead
easy, but when it comes to two ladies,
foolish is the man who doce not rather
risk the tiirer.
The Chinese character which means
trouble is a composite of the characters
meaning a man and two women.
That's trouble for you.
Trouble, too, for William Hicks-Beach,
not always of Baktrsfield.
He wanted to marry one; his mother
would that he married the other. Of one
he will not speak — the one that he would
marry. Her name is sacred with him.
Of the other b> mill only say that, while
wealthy and of high social position, she
had r.o charms for him. as no woman
should have for the true lover of another.
William Hicks-Beach, for the present
of Bakersfield. is the eldest son of Wil
liam Frederick Hicks-Beach of Glouces
ter. England, from whom he will inherit
upon that gentleman "S death 15,000 acres
of land, with the shorthorns and cots
wolds on the downs and the red deer that
run through park and forest.
Think you that his mouth sometimes
waters for the famous double Gloucester
cheese, the saddles of mutton and
haunches of venison that load the pater
nal board at home, while he subsists on
the standard California diet of pork and
pancakes in oily Bakersfield?
Not so, friend, for he is one of those
etrange animals, a lover, and, like the
¦whole tribe of them, enjoys doing the
queerest of things to make men yawp.
After all, is it so bad to ride around on
a hack and think that back there in
Merrie England — good, green, healthy,
wealthy England — ther« la waiting for
you a eirl and a fortune?
Would that we were all as lucky !-
Hicks-Beach Is 33 years old, a graduate
of the Charterhouse School, Surrey, a
captain In the English a,rmy and was a
member of one of Rhodes* Irregular com
panies whica did so much skirmish fight
ing with the Boers before the present war
broke out.
He Is a man of talent and culture, and
he is here. Why? Simply to be at the
end of the world.
beautiful English girls in Gloucester who
•would marry him.
Still he drives the hack In Bakersfield.
The Right Hon. Sir Michael Ed
ward is not to be blamed in this case,
either, though he is an uncle, for William
Hicks-Beach of oily Bakersfield has let
ters of pleasant temper from the august
member of the British Cabinet and from
his wife, the Lady Lucy Catherine,
daughter of Earl Fortescue, whose crest
Is a tiper "statant." .
Bakersfield.
That might not be so much, either, for
rich uncles are given to delight In the
sight of poverty stricken nephews, with
their noses on the grindstone: but it hap
pens that this particular nephew is heir
to a 15.000-acre estate In the shire of.
Gloucester. England. *
Not only does he drive a hack, but he
puts in part of his time as a handy man
around the theater, shifting scenery and
making himself useful in the many end
less ways that are expected of assistants
behind the scenes. Yet he is no more of
the place than a hermit would be. ¦ Kis
body is there, but his heart is far away.
Across the sea, not far from the banks of
the Severn, there is a girl that is waiting.
More than that— there are two queenly.
*^f >TEPHEW of th« Right' Hon.
f I Sir Michael Edward Hicks-Beach.
f— I' Bart.. M. P., D. C. I*. Chancellor
V 1 . ,of the Exchequer, is driving a
•*" hack in Bakersfield— oily, dusty
Yet for the difference between that one
girl and tfce others he will hold time, fam
ily and even the best part of himself well
lost if she Is won.
" And so vould any of us...
He is waiting for a father to die-^-a father
who will be all the more to him when he
is gone. He Is dying himself. . All hi3
youth Is, dying away from him, leaving
him a shell— mentally and; physically a
shell. And what for? For. the .difference'
between one ' girl and , another. A differ-,
ence that the scales would not tell. A
difference -that •. the keenest analyst In
chemical iesearch could not observe. A
difference that the" camera, which holds
the " fleeting shadows, might show . to be
in favor of a thousand, ten thousand'oth
ers, -who would be glad to have this man
of wealth and family.;: ;."'".*-.T
Is love worth while? is a question, that
¦William Hicks-Beach must be better able
to answer than most, for he is a man who
can feel keenly and live without forget
ting. He has seen himself rapidly ag'ng";
his mother has been laid in her grave un-'
seen by him. He has never heard words
of forgiveness from her lips— never can.'
• But the living, wakeful moments of
even a metropolitan theater are few
enough and far enough between to allow
much dust to- settle, and the opera-house
at Bakersfield is a grand place for a man
who would withdraw from the world and
think. Love likes to live in the past, and
so it is that some one has laughingly
said ¦ of the poets • that their feet were
turned backward, their toes pointing out
behind them as though they would stray,
back into times gone by, of which they
write. Thus, too, the lover is never less
alone than when alone, for then he can
in thought be all with her who fills his
mind.
And of the girl herself. , \ ,
Does she write? ' '•' ' '
" Does he write? '
Is she waiting for him all these long
years when he is so far away?
And the misanthrope will ask. is it all
worth the while? The years of privation,
of heart-hunger;, that even wears the body
thin and ages it before its time. Is the
fever worth th3 having? Is it not better
to be a fat, comfortable, well-fed some
body than a lovelorn, listless waiting no
body, shot through again and again each
day by the arrows of the blind archer,
who never has the courage to« kill his vic
tims, but plans' his mercies as did the
kind-hearted surgeon who amputated the
patient's limb an inch at a time. ¦ .*; ;"-:
Bakersfield which appealed to him, and
there he went.
Left, his lands, left his family, left his j
lady love. Arriving at Bakersfield he be
came acquainted with the proprietor of an
opera-house in course of construction. A
fancy struck him that nothing could b«
more of a change and diversion than Ufa
around the stage. He asked for the posi
tion of watchman that he might always
have the entree of the place, and of all
lonely places for a lorn lover a deserted
theater is the loneliest. A dead tree In a
forest is a wild enough setting for tho
scene of Merlin and Vivien, but a stags
scenery tree, stowed away in the wings,
with the auditorium stretching away la
the darkness dim and vast. Is far mor*
weiri. . '¦'¦.•>
No owls hoot in the mimic forest, but as
¦ the rope hung scenery swings in the winds
that always will pervade a stage the
¦tackle gives strange creaks and swishes
that make the eyes bulge and the heart
halt as do children's when the ghost Is
about to appear in a thrilling story. >
¦ Under the stage is a room which an
swers well for the hermit's cave, and
here he can muse upon what has been
and wonder what is yet to be. "Waiting 1 ,
waiting for death to steal to Merrle Eng
• land. Waiting for the wires to flash their
message over mountain and under sea to
tell him that a cold, stiff form has been
laid in state in the family chapel and no
longer bars his way to love and fortune.
This: gloomy room beneath the dusty
boards is what he calls home— if It is per
missible for a wanderer to call any place
such. His meals he takes where he hap
pens to fancy. At times he lends a hand
with the scene-shifting, and chuckles to
think that If the audience knew what and
who he was tljey would have more eyes
for him than for the well-filled pink tight*
that flit and twinkle before the footlights:
•
BECAUSE OF LOVE, A
NEPHEW OF SIR
MICHAEL
HICKS
BEACH
IS A
SCENE
SHIFTER
IN A
BAKERSFIELD
THEATREth« a* ft »&ti4 ta»suMMt havisg oeta giv«i»
, Efc j BS liba aUemienta detail... Tha rnina
strei fiampanies fe? which California ia f«,
a<«t-p8d must wait until eofiaa othe» eppop,
ijTity preseats itseii fa? theis history Uj
D e written., and tha best ef Baa tag
ci-GO-'s cxperlescs ia grand as well as Lefai
opera to a peried later than has
fc.-*-! ItsiiCutia m Uui fwtt-iOiUj; rucurii. .
a century has already been accomplished,
it Is perhaps superfluous to. make any rec
ord of the places which opened aa com;
petltors for respectable patronage in tha
varietv line.- ' .. *
The theatrical center remained on Bush
strcst for many years, and while the Cali
fornia, had the call on the principal at
tractions, there' were many side issues
which put moneys in the purses "of the
minor speculators."''' ! . ,
It was about this time that Frederick \V.
Bert,' a son of the pioneer' manager and
father of the bright young attorney, Eu
gene Pert of this, city, conceived a scheme
for providing San Francisco with a hand
some opera-house. With -commendable
Judgment and forethought young Bert se
cured the confidence and flananclal back-
Ing of Dr. Wade, a, well-known dentlBt,
and immediately began preparations for
the incorporation of a company, In which
everbody connected In any way. with the
atrlcaln should.be induced to take Btoclt.
;It ls'r«;lated In proof of the yqpns man
ager's : *Buperior business , qualifications
that he carried th« project to a succeasful
conclusion and;, built the magnificent
Wade's • Opera : housa r without the investa
ment of a dollar of his own. .
The auction sale of seats began on th<j
12th of January) 1S73, and the premium uala
with .that of regular reserved seats in ad«
; vance f or . the first performance . footed up
about $8000. Tha opening attraction was
the spectacular drama, "Snowflake,". in
which the noted -beauty, JWlnetta Menta.
gue, appeared aa the fairy queen end An«
- n!« Pisley a.T Snowflako,
Fred Bert officiated as manasar'of t'i»
; Ornnd, an ;tho houao. was BUbaaquantly
/named, for™ many yeare, anfl until a lon^
i while ? after. It had passed into the peases.
/•Urn of tho Nevada Bank/JJo is raw and
• has iboen for many years ', th^ majerdora/j
of , W,' A.* Brady's forces and '. hag : ehdrge
of the New. YorU oflleea of that pregred.
elve and 1 successful manager, > ',
/Something like the same confusion man
ifested Itself in 'tile; case of John Wilson;
the old-time circus" manager, -and John
Wilson,, the/heavy man "of the California
stock company,, with this exception, that
the .Wilson' of the California, .who was a
notable practical Joker,: enjoyed nothing
better Hhan posing ... as ; the ¦ well-known,
s'hownr.an'wfco ' yve.s' always looking for
now speclaltlcB for .Wilson's circus.
¦-¦¦. Ao the mldslon c-f v/rltlnj tha theatrical
history of Ban Francisco'* first quarter of
¦ The similarity of names between the
stage manager of 'the California in its
earliest history, W.H.'Sedley Smith, and
that of W. H. Smith, the minstrel mana
ger, one of the lessees'of the Alhambra,
has been the occasion of considerable con
fusion In the annals of the stage.. W. H.
Sedley Smith was an actor of rare versa T
tlllty, , experience and executive ability,
and a gentleman of the old theatrical
school. It was a sourceof deep annoyance
to this estimable artist to Tie mistaken In
public for the minstrel manager, for
whom, by the way; he' had a warm, friend
ly feeling, but he rebelled . against being
constantly Importuned by. black-face com
edians for employment at the theater, and
: he. took particular pains to avoid advances
from people who were looking for minstrel
engagements. •¦•. -,..-.-. :, ;. .^
: Ellle. Wilton, who won special favor In
the NoTthern country, and. wa3 presented
with' barrels of /salmon, was one of the
'fortunates who received even. greater, ap
preciation in . California. When one, of
San Francisco's trusted city' and county
officials went wrong and "took the short
way out of it,'" It was reported * that he
had Insured his life for the-beneflt of the
little actress,' who was then a general fa4
;vorlte. -. ¦ ¦¦" ¦ ; ' •'._.¦''¦'-:, V -¦ .-' rv ¦
veloped theatricals In the Northwest, win
vouch for the truth of the old saying
that a manuger must ,be a good judge of
fish If he expected to make good in Asto
ria. ' • ¦ ••-•-.: :• - . " .¦ . ' -.-"¦'
It was the custom of the theater-goers
of thirty years ago to take unto them-
There was no necessity for the engage
merit of stars or traveling combinations
with such a large company of competent
people, but the management continued to
present star 'attractions, utilizing as far
as possible the great stock company and
giving expensive productions at all times.
It Is a fact that luring the first two or
three years of its history the California
Theater stock frequently overshadowed
people who brought new- plays • to that
House.. Imagine such players as Oliver
Doud Byron, J. K. Emmett and dthers of
the same caliber suported by artists like
Harry Edwards. John T. Raymond, Wr H.
Sedley Smith, E. J. Buckley and the bal
anco of the old California talent.
The three-hundredth performance at the
California Theater was made the occasion
of a grand Jubilee and the treasurer's
statement up to that time showed total
receipts to the amount. of $278,000.
The Bonfantis, C. R. Thome Jr., Frank
Mayo, the Llngards. the British Blondes,
Adelaide Phillips. Opera Company and
Lizzie Price made the list of attractions
In '70, and Herr Bandmann was the only
dramatic star in '71. Until Maguire got
control of the Alhambra, which was
closed for renovation In January, 1874, and
reopened as Magulre's New Theater May
4, the opera-house on Washington 'street
v-as rented or leased promiscuously.
' On the SOth of June, 1873, Shiels*. Opera
house on Bush street, near Montgomery,
was opened to the public Frank Roche,
as Julian St. Pierre, in "The Wife," was
the first attraction. The name of this
theater was changed to Gray's Opera
house on the 19th of September following.
The history of the Washington-street
Opera-house during; the last' three or four
years of its existence Is a trifle moro
eventful. Mr. and Mrs. W. J. Florence
were the only strong dramatic attractions
In '69, opera and minstrels having filled in
all the time previous to their opening on
October 4. Madame Methua Scheller
played a short season before the year
closed.
The Chapman Sisters reopened the house
March 3, and the last performance pre
vious to demolishing the old theater oc
curred April 28, a few months short of
twenty years from the date of the grand
opening night of the original Metropoli
tan by Mrs. C. N. Sinclair.
Lotta. the Zavlstowskls. Charles
Wheatlelgh. Maggie Mitchell, Joe
Murphy, Ada Gray, ' E. T. Stetson,- Son
tag's opera and the Hazard Dramatic
eeason cams in the order -named in '72,
and E. G." Bert was lessee in the early
part of '73.
A Spanish opera, company did fairly well
in February, 1870, and then anybody with
managerial aspirations and ready money
for the rent took a chance at the Metro
politan if he felt disposed -to gamble on
the capricious fancy of the theater-going
public, . ¦
house from time to time, it was used for
the most part for combinations, operatic
entertainments and other transient at
tractions.
Our ancient friend John Jack, who made,
many, . a golden eagle irj ' Astoria in . early ,
days, and is .best remembered' now In con
nection with Minnie Maddern's , great ; pro
duction of "Tess 'of the D'Urbervilles,"'
was a, "sight reader" , on salmon.' , He
could ¦ tell ' the difference between I the ! real
and tha spurious .equivalent'-; for':, half ---'a'
dollar at a glance. John Jack and Annie
JTJrmJn, : witw jmany old-timers ¦ who* de-
Frank Wilton, the husband, of the: tal
ented little woman who subsequently be
came a very successful leading lady, was
barnstorming the great ( Northwest with
a company of about seven people, all tora,
and one of his most remunerative stands
was the town of : Astoria. ., He advertised
a brass band, which consisted of a cornet,
a tuba, bass drum and cymbals, and every
member of the company, regardless of
age or sex, appeared on the balcony /out
side of the house while ; the band was
playing, the leading Jady beating the big
drum on occasions^. when/ the;, regular
beater was engaged in looking out for the
fellows who surreptitiously threw "steel
heads" instead of » "ChlnooksV Into-' the
barrel. ¦ > v /
Half a dollar^, whether ' the salmon
weighed five pounds or fifty, was the rate
given at the canneries in checks or tickets
which were. cashed at stated intervals,
and as moneywas scarce, it was the cus
tom for the managers who played Astoria
to have a barrel at the door in which a
fisherman might throw a salmon and In
return receive a ticket of admission. "
The town .had been one of the trading
posts of the great Hudson Bay Company,
as its name suggests, and Its location just
above the great Columbia bar made it a
great salmon fishery as. well. The fisher
men, who," to the number of a thousand or'
more, made Astoria their headquarters at'
that time received pay for their catch by
the month arid salmon .became regular
currency at fifty cents each for the real
article, called "Chinook," but the-"steel
head," now a very desirable fish, '.had a
commercial value of about three cents., :*
There was no Oregon line railroad In tha
early seventies and when the trip to Port»
land, Puget Sound towns and British C«».
lumbia was made it was customary to
stop at Astoria for a week or so. ' .
It was during the very first days of tha
old California Theater that Ellie Wilton,
who subsequently became a great favoi!t<*
at that house, was making her flrst ap
pearance at the Metropolitan under Ma
guire's management, and her v theatrical
experience on this coast, previous to hep
advancement to the position of leading
lady of a .first class company, would
make a most- Interesting' history. ¦¦¦.',¦¦.
selves favorites among : the player-folk,
and to make moro of the /actors who
abided with them than they did of those
who were transient visitors. At the regu
lari benefits which have been mentioned
heretofore It was not an uncommon occur
rence for the beneficiary to receive valu
able presents. Marie Gordon, who was
then Mrs. John T. Raymond, was particu
larly fortunate in this respect, and the
fashion for making gifts was set during
her connection with' the house.
r^-f LTHOtJGH the downtown nouse?
f I were more or less eclipsed by tht
A— I brilliant oj>ening of a new theater
V, in what was admitted to be the
X most desirable locality, they soon
emerged from the shadow and began to
make the customary showing of strong
dramatic attractions, and there was a
partially successful effort to retain the
generous patronage that had been so Ions
bestowed upon the Maguire enterprises.
The sworn statements of monthly re
ceipts then required by law were publish
ed and the record exhibits a grand re
pult at the California for the first naif of
the year 1SC9 with eurprisinsly heavy re
ceipts at the donwntowa houses during
the same period. The California between
-the date of its opening, cm January 18, 1S69.
and the lEt of July following shows
p. grand total of $13.0.009, while the Wash
ington-Gtreet Opera-house had $S5.OO0 for
the first six months and the Metropolitan
$95,000. Even the Pacific Melodeoa, as the
JTbeator Comiau* was called after March
$>, ISO, furnished . a sworn statement of
{21,000 for the last half year.
The Alhamfera's figures were $41,609,
wfcicfe, considering its email auditorium
reasonable prices, made a remarkably
fiae showing, while the Metropolitan barer
}y reached $16,700. It held it« own, howr
ever when th« winter months came aloaK,
there was a eigniflcant drop at the
California, 3fld t n « company went on the
?ogj& is two sections,
Canterbury H&tt, os Kearny street, fee*
tweea Washiegtiem and Jackson, op«ned
Marcb 7 under tha management of Charles
Brooks. & wdUknwn character, who ea
**red to a less desirable patronage than
evidence at the Olympic or the Pa-
X terrible mining catastrophe at Gold
TOIL XevT. early In April suggested bene-
STfor the sufferers and the results of a
U Th«. first record of a movement in favor
of Se «iu Serks is found in 1869 when
a benefit was given at the Metropolitan nn
Sunday February 7. and a new place of
street, between Fourth and Fifth. -,
The days of the old Metropolitan were
already numbered, and Maguire' s Opera
house on Washington street was also des
tined to early destruction in order to sat
l«fv the demand for more room and great
er convenience for traffic in the vicinity
of the City Hall, for the erection of which
the Jenny Lind had been torn down al
most twenty years previously.
A project for the opening of Montgom
ery avenue from Washington and Mont
gomery . street to the North Beach dis
trict was being pushed through by the
-wealthy men in that locality, and It be
came evident that the theatrical interests
must move.
Proceedings-tad already commenced for
th« condemnation of property, and it was
known that another theater would be built
on Bush street, opposite the Alhambra,
This, with Pacific Hall, a large and well
appointed place of entertainment, the en
trance to which -was on Bush street, near
the etace door of the California, and Mer
cantile J-Abrary Hull, between Montgom
ery and goneorao streets, with Platt'e Hall
on Mohteerawy street, a few doors from
JJueh, rnnAt> that locality, the theatrical
center of tha city. ¦ ¦ ,
There had been nothing of real interest
In tha dxamatie line at the Metropolitan
far a lo«« time until Nell V'arner, tha
tragedian, epened »n •nffOffement there on
£une 19, 1169. Although other more or less
distinguished artists appeared at this
condition of affairs theatrical,
•when players— who since that time have
become prominent stars— formed a notably
strong company and presented two stand
ard three or four act plays in one evening,
the best seats for which were offered for
25 cents.
D'urinjr the time that the Grand Opera
house scheme was being formulated and
carried to a successful finish the Napo
leonic Maguire had not been idle, but on
the contrary had reached out for further
fields to conquer and was announced as
lessee cf the Bush-street Opera-house in
April, 1875. It is confidently asserted by
those intimate with Tom TUaguire's busi
ness for many years — men. in fact. ¦ who
had access to his private accounts, that at
one time he had three hundred thousand
dollars in gold coin, most of which he. had
won in other hazardous speculations," but
a large amount of which .he made' after
he got his fingers into the show business
on Bush street and became sole owner o£
-the San Francisco Minstrels. • •
The course of the star of theatrical em
pire took its way still southward, ' and a
magnificent theater was built by E. J.
Baldwin as an adjunct to his new hotel
on the block bounded by Market, Powell
¦and Ellis streets.
This house was finished In magnificent
style, the architect having been eiven
every encouragement to eclipse anything
west of New "tfork. and there was a stand
ing, offer of a 53000 prize for any curtain
that should be pronounced a finer work
of art than the beautiful creation in oil
which was used as an act drop.
The Baldwin Academy, which also pass
ed into Maguire' s control soon after its
completion, was opened March 6, 1876, -with.
the celebrated tragedian," Barry. Sullivan,
as the Duke of Gloucester in "Richard
III," and the house became a brisk com
petitor for the patronage of fashionable
San Frar»c:-sco. . ¦ •¦-
The death of W. C Ralston, the prin
cipal shareholder in the company owning
the California Theater, occurred in Aug
ust, 1ST6, and -was a serious blow to the
prosperity of the new theater.
The dead banker had been the stanch
friend and backer of Barrett and Mc-
Cullough, and business took on a more
serious aspect for the managers who were
.confronted -with strong opposition by
Lucky Baldwin.
The first quarter of- a century of San
Francisco's theatrical history has not
been entirely covered by the writer, only
EARLY DAY THEATRICALS IN SAN FRANCISCO
THE SUNDAY; CALL;
Taa" -history _•«<• £*« Gras,i £>***«*-"?»*«-«
from the date of its opening up Jo tha
freiea< tims ' wsuia ,iu?it:svi isiwsiaj £o»
a JaFgs end interesting beei'. sad it feaij
been tfca faaaU? eisssBj? ji d?asastis 86=
gufsesas pet intasced fes the amuseiacat
e? ccif.eatisa of tas gii-bile.
Ths?e are ps^srssinies earcful?? . ?;a-:
served in pan Franciscu which reveal the
2.TOE':Vs^I>^^'CALIi.^ '
cerned that we could, not have a place
large enough -for all the Children, but,
as I have, said before, our , funds being
low/- we had to content ourselves with
taking six at a time. .~
,We have met with; the* greatest generos
ity on all sides. Our rent has been paid
by some one unknown to us and to' whom
we feel I deeply ¦grateful; Most of our cook
ing utensils, a large and '.'varied supply of
groceries; carpet, a ton of coal and other
articles that " go ', to make a country "place
comfortable and homelike ; have /been do
nated^i A' matron and > bier -daughter Were
Installed ito care for the little ones." ' ¦yvh'en
all was In readiness two_ of the, auxiliary
girls arid , myself transported " one girl "and
five boys .to the '.hillside " overlooking ¦ the
town of Mill. Valley. . ,
The exclamations of the. children were
very; amusing, as the ¦ ferry-boats, sailing
vessels '< and; Bteam cars ¦ were something
rather /out .pi ' the ordinary. "We : werethe
observed - of ; all ¦ observers, v as one may
suppose that six children.'. three girls,' tele
scope\ibasket," suit -' ca^se arid ". coal "scuttle
might well *e. '.Yes, a coal scuttle— it was
necessary.to the happiness of our matron,
and the only way of getting it there ,was
to carry It over. The children were rav
enously ; hungry., and; ate like men. : After
lunch oii : clothes .were donned and they
were staked out to enjoy themselves.
For a week.they, roamed 'the ; fields and.
spent their, vacation as only, children can.
Alas and alack, : It had to come to an end,
all <; too soon, : as; only ¦ a week , is - allowed
ea.ch. installment.'"- :~':- : ;. ".". .'"'.:
"VVhen I; think of : the things we had to
work, with— nothing, in fact,, but our' de
sire to help little^ children "to grow well
and strong .-and; have a" taste of untramf.
meled Country ;iife— I marvel . at^ bur sue-'
cess.. All .¦ the , credit possible is fdue J the
lew glrls^thatjmanaged ' this ; affair^
. If people • would ? only "realize thV Joy ;it :
brings one by civlng pleasure to those of
God's children who; are less fortunate
than'ourselves,"it" seems as though '¦ there '
ought to -be'''- more workers ; in -the field;
Being so encouraged by the results a few
months haven b^rought » forth'.";'. wo are ? ln :
hopes. that theS'ears wiirdolthe i same; In'
proportion,, even .unto owning 'our' 'home
In the country, n-nis sounds i rather pre-'
tentlous for . a society so ; young, •'but we
hope to verify the old . adage, - "Nothing
succeeds like' miccess." It has been done
In"; New York. Why not here?
It can and will be done, and by the
auxiliary." . • '.
\ Of course. It will take time,- as all things
of ' Importance ; do. "Rome was" not built
in a day," neither, do .we -expect our home
to*. be . built ? In a year, or two ; or three,
unless some kind friend will extend to us
a helping hand. .
- Last. Sunday we kept .- open house * at
Henry? cottage, that those who are' inter
ested* in" our "work'might. have a practical
demonstration of It. : The six ; little tots,
,"dresaed ¦ in their, Sunday ; best,'V who ; flit
ted : f rom '-. one of i our. , guests : to : another,
Vere very happy v .: ;,'. '
' Tea was • served " In the dining-room, a
roomy tent haying been "donated for that
purpose. To-day our, cottage is small and
rented, ; pur children f ew,; our , funds i lew ;
a few ¦ yearB., hence— I "will not say'> how
many-^our cotta ge ; will • be a ' house and
tlon could.be felt ln ; the patient's ankle.
¦¦¦•¦¦. ¦ . ¦ • -< ¦,¦:¦; -.
¦ ¦
pointed out to the watching surgeons and
- ¦ - ¦ - •¦ ¦ ¦
students the signs on the foot of the pa
tient that marked the onset of gangrene,
and then he told them that he intended to
remove part of the Injured artery and re
place It with an artificial substitute.
. At last the artery w*as freed and the
surgeon showed his wondering assistants
that^nearly four Inches of the vessel was
ready to disintegrate. All eyes watched
Dr. Kaintsky as he hlms.elf placed clamps
upon the big artery. The artery ; clamp
having been fixed, Dr. Kaintsky cut away
about four, inches of tfie artery.
From the pocket in front of his operat
ing gown Dr. ' Kaintsky/ drew a silver
aseptic case and it drew. ' aV small,
hollow,' elastic, almost colorless tube,
about five Inches long. Almost .Imme
diately" he placed it in position. He drew
It between his fingers so as to : expel all
air and placed a ; pair of \ artery forceps
upon" one end. Then he slipped one end
of the artery into the tube and stitched it
into : place. ?>•"-"¦ . • ..
Quickly, the same procedure was carried
out at the other end, and; then: Dr. : Kaint
eky removed the clamp .which", was hold-
Ing the blood from ' the ' mended artery.
The 'blood ' rushed 'through its new/chan
nel, : pumping out the collapsed tube, and
It ,was actually difficult to tell "the arti
ficial artery^ from ..the real • one." : At -the
same instant,' too, ' a' good, healthy "pulsa-
AN ARTTPTCTAU ARTERY MADE WH^ND \% THE
LATEST MARVEWN* SURGERY-
THERE seem* to be no limitations by
which the achievements of science
can be measured, especially in the
domain of surgery. A short time ago
the announcement, was made that at a
Paris hospital a patient had b eeni .nptfUjd
with an artificial stomach which .erved
all the purposes of the organ
upon him by nature, and now cornea the
Intelligence that a Russian member of the
proton has succeeded in subsUtutlng
artificial for natural arteries. He has re
paired the great femoral artery: has
Sliced on to ft an artificial length. Just
as a plumber might solder a piece of lead
en pipe to a brass one. ~
The better to • comprehend how radical
E nd difficult a thing Dr. Kaintsky accom
plished It is necessary to explain some
thing of the nature of functions of arte
rlc- In the first place, an artery differs
entirely from a vein. If a vein ia cut the
blood escapes for a while and after a lit
tle the vessel lies flat and collapsed. An
artery does not Its Inner coat is so ar
ranged that a series £of stiff fibrous rings
eurround It and prevent It " from collaps
ing. That Is one of the reasons why,
when an artery is severed, blood con
tinues to flow from It.
These were only some of the problems
which confronted Dr. Kaintsky when
they brourht *o his hospital In St. Peters
burg a. Very rich firmer and eattlo raiser
r.amed Ivaa Foltinkeeh. This man while
driving In ' a. sleigh had collided with a
stump. Poitinkosh was hurled out vio
lently and in falling was practically im
paled upon a broken branch. The Jagged
piece of wood struck him Just .below the
hip Joint and ranged down for about four
inches.
The wound produced was an exceedingly
Ugly and ragged one. It was directly over
and In line with the femoral artery, which
supplies the entire leg with blood, but al
though this great vessel was entirely laid
bare and badly bruised Unfortunately es
caped puncture.
*The injured man was not brought to the
hospital until three days after the acci
dent, and It was at once evident that only
heroic measures would save either life or
leg to his patient It appeared to Dr.
Kaintsky that gangrene was threatened.
.As nearly as the surgeon could estimate
he had Just three days before an operation
became absolutely imperative. He had
already determtried^upon the heroic opera
tion, of removing the injured part of the'
•femoral artery and replacing it with an
artificial substitute.
Dr. Kaintsky wanted to make a tube six
inches long which should so. closely re
semble the actual tissue of a human ar
tery that It would be borne without pro
teat by the organism in ' which It was '• to
be placed. At the end of those three days,
tired "but triumphant, he emerged from
• his laboratory.
Poltinkosh was anesthetized and carried
.to the operating tabl e: Dr. Kalntsk y
determined that It should be a glorious
success, and success it certainly is. ,
A cottage of three rooms and partly fur
nished was leased in Mill Valley about ten
minutes' walk from the station. . It Is a
source of deep regret to all con-
*jp? HEAVY storm swept fiver the for-
II v> pst. sifting a new layer of snow tip
lr~~\<>n the frozen world. After it. the
sun peeped but. It grew warmer, and
there was a new gurgle and clinking in the
ice-armored brooks. Listlessly the deer
shuffled, up and dotrn the yard. but. the
warmth had. hardly stirred them when the
wind lifted'anew. blowing with a savage
bitterness from the north. At dawn the
Fiiow had crusted, and when the big buck
tried to tread down new "paths, ha cut
¦himself 'unmercifully about the hoof3.
With lnllinK tongue he was looking out
along the forest, debating, when a wild
cry — a sharp, querulous hcwling — lifted
above the murmuring of ther wind among
the trees. Oof— ooo-oooo! Wooo— oof— ooo!
It "was a dog. Hesdrew himself together
with a shock. Nearer came the sound.
With wild eyes he looked along his trail.
The dog was In the yard. Tt was coming!
Turning on his heel, he fled, and at the
instant the voice of another hound was
added to the clamor.
The buck shot down the open path,
startling the other deer. He dashed among
them, pushing right and left, agonized in
the effort to escape, yet still Intent to lose
his "track among theirs. But at that in
stant a hound appeared In front: there was
a wild babel'of dreadful sounds. He saw
the. dog spring upon. the fawn. -It 'fell,/
struggled madly, and then the hound wor
ried it upon the ground.
Frenzied, the buck turned aside. The
dog was in his path, and one stroke of his
sharpened hoof vould have slain the crea
ture at, its work. But his own precious
me was at risk. He fled, and. unconscious
of the cutting crisst. crashed through the
forest. Bump— crash— bump— bump! In
mad terror he raced alons-^Once he heard
the fawn bleat plteously, and the cry quick
ened.him. But he had hardly reached the
crest of the slope, when again he heard a
hour.d give tongue. He was pursued. He -
yaw the hound leap from the last path in
the yard and come racing after him. some
times galloping along the crust, and again
breaking through. The buck was almost
pptnt: the hound drew nearer. Its tongue
hanging from its red and dripping jaws.
At every step it gave tongue till the forest
was filled with the sound.
The buck could go no farther. He turned,
his neck rufiled. a red. ugly gleam in hia
eyes. He was cornered, driven to his last
stride, and must fight. Boo-oof! roared the
hcund. It sprang at his throat, but tha
treccherous crust gave way. and there it
lay at the feet of the buck, wallowing and
defenseless. ' . .
•For^an instant there was silence. The
deg, bewildered, lay there, the buck loom
lnc above it. Then the deer lifted both
forefeet together, and with a powerful,
sweeping stroke, beat It down. Again and
again he struck, furious. The snow grew
red beneath' his hoofs, and silently he
kept on— a wild, remorseless destroyer.
. Before long the huddled bundle of fur be
rcath his feet neither moved, nor made
scund, yet still he kept on. He saw noth
ing, heard nothing. Fury possessed him.
A man appeared In the brush; He held a
striving hound in leash— the mate of the
one.lyjng dead in the snow. At sight of
the stamping buck the man shouted, while
his dog made strenuous efforts to break
away." "Down there!" cried the man. beat
ing the creature about the head, but it3
efforts only grew more frantic. It whined,
trembling with eagerness, and then bayed
hoarsely. .vfflhtfV .¦¦.*'*
At the note the back halted an instant,
staring about, his" awful fear renewed. He
saw the hound break from the leash and
spring toward him. Then, wheeling, he fled
away again. ¦ "
His only chance was to regain the yard,
to find the tracks of the other deer, and to
turn the dog upon their trail. But as he
circled down the slope, the inexorable
creature at his heels gaining at . every
tound he felt his strength deserting. He
plunged on. bis .tongue out and his eyes
wavering. He reached the yard and raced
along the path. At the turn he almost fell
upon the, fawn's inert body.' Recoiling In
horror," he turned down another path. It
ended against a' wall of snow, and the do?
was close at his heels. There was no* re
' treat. - He - leaped - again ' upon the crust,
anu wallowed ' in to a. nearby path, i Down
this he raced, and again It led to the fawn.
'¦ He tried another: path; yet still could not
shake the ' hound from" hia heels • nor flnd
where; the other; deer had left :the yard.
'• Once : more he , tried and failed— and the
hound had him by the throat.yBllndly he
struggled, striking out with both ,feet.
One crushing stroke fell upon the dog: it
• cave '• a . long-drawn • howl : and . fell ¦ before
. him.. Again he fell upon the enemy, strik
ing and slashing with his sharp forefeet,
and •hs he stood crushing it beneath him,
. a - rifle cracked : to .. the woods. . . Then ' -ha
' • died.— Maximilian Foster. In Everybody's
, ' Magazine. HBBaj
.. ¦••¦¦,-
Battle .Royal Between a
Buck and Two Dogs.
A FIGHT TO
THE DEATH
' owned by the auxiliary, our children
many and our funds large.
receFFiry. hence the kindergarten for
those too old for the nursery and too
yov.i.p for the public schools.
Af time went on it was found that the
cliP.drcr of mothers that worked br the
TOk cr month must also be caro-i for.
s<% th? b"arding-house was ad-l^d.
The price fcr the week range! from $l."0
to 52.50. There were children whose pa
rents were too poor to pay the small
amount asked. Those children had to be
taken care of. nevertheless, and the Bis
ters charged the amount to profit and
loss.
Or" ?n*y readily see » expenses were not
met by what was paid In. but by the
pmerous aid of those Interested in the
•vrrrk the home has groxtn till to-day at
1)12 Minna ?t:eet there arc from fifty t.»
Elxty boarding children at S3 a month, and
about thirty day children. Ti properly
care for this number of children It was
necessary to have helpers— thev are now
ten In number. The Little Sisters num
ber 130.
In 1??S another Idea was conceived by
Miss Mabel Wheato/i. that of *sfiblishins
en auxiliary to the shelter, under the
name of "The Young. Ladies' Auxiliary
of the Little Sisters' Infant Shelter." The
first year and a half, our members being
few and our exchequer small, our work
was necessarily of minor importance.
With the prr<reeds of a tea given at Mrs.
Cory's, we kept the flower boxes In order
and gave the Christmas and. Fourth of
July entertainments for the children. Then
the desire for a piano was manifested.
The president of the larger *ociot? asked
us to provide one. Yes, we were glad to do
prd !?. "TVe help those who try to help
themselves"; so they charged the small
futti of n cents a day for little babies and
5 cents a day for the older ones.
Pnsr.e way to amuse these children was
Noir. these Little Sisters' motto was
They, who brought delieht both to the
fpuI of the mother by carin? for her little
nr.fs snd the hearts of the children by
ir'v'rcr them the freedom of a bouse' and
yard, called themselves . "The Little S!s
ter?." and the home, the "Infant Shelter."
working hours.
THIRTY years agn the idea wns con
c*lv?«i of esi-blishlnp * day homo
for the children of wcrkinsr moth
ers, that instead of lock'ns the
waifs in some secure place for the
ciay they might be taken to a shelter in
the morning where tliry t :ild hive fool
*r/\ comfort till they wore cr.llod fcr after
THIS is the first of a scries of
articles -which The Sunday Call
will publish, in the interest of
charity as exemplified by the various
charitable Institutions of San Fran
cisco controlled by women.
These papers -prill be written by
the presidents of the different organ
izations and therefore can be rslied
upon as accurate in Retail. Coming
from Buch sources of authority thec
cannot fail to awaken Interest among
the many readers who know, in a
general way, that good work is being
done, yet lack specific information as
to how, where and by whom. The
present interesting' little chat on the
Infants' Auxiliary Is by Miss Daisy
Burns, the president of that organi
sation. Next wwk -will appear an
article by the president of the San
Francisco Fruit and Flower Mission
en th« condition of that charity and
t v « £ood it has accomplished.
it, but where was .the tnorcy to rome
from? As by now our -'bank account
was exhausted, another, tea seemed the
most feasible way o*f obtaining it, and a
tea was given at 'the home of Mrs. E. I.V
Cutter. The piano >cas purchased with
the proceeds, and we were -also enabled
to add a little lo our treasury.
A few months pjjo one of our tnemlmrs
suggested a .-jstastj that has pro-eo tnosr •
successful.- It was that the auxiliary.
take a cottage for three months this sum
mer and E:ve the children an o~L.:fc.
The undertaking was a big one and
the first time anything of the kind had
been attempted in San Francisco, that Is
collectively as we Intended. However, we
THE
LITTLE
SISTERS
INFANT
SHELTERcan I who rather enjoyed the unmusical
crash "of breaking china. ¦
Here is a chance for the American sol
dier to see himself as. others see him':
In regard- to looting, the American soldier
was no worse. Indeed", j but decidedly no better,
than any other soldier present, nor was there
any; reason why he should have fceen. Pos
sibly. he lacked some of the feeling and ar
tistic taste to be found In 'some of the "other
nationalities, and as a rule he displayed much
determined business capacity. It must bp
borne in mind that these remarks .are not
made In disparagement, but are merely j ob
cervations on the characteristics of the Amer
ican soldier In general In his capacity as a
looter. •¦". .
He Is curt and blunt with strangers at first,
but jolly and warm-hearted upon acquaint
ance. He does not particularly : care for ar
tistic* embroiderien. r.or for rare | bronzes and
china ware, nor can he understand. why any
body else does.^ He. will pick up a costly vase
which has been preserved for centuries In the
house 'of a high official, and to 'save htnifelt
the trouble of puttinc.it gently 'down In the
place from which it came ;will drop it on th"
floor. Its companion plece ; at. the . other end
of the sideboard meets a similar fate, the
noise of smashing crockery giving more wild
delight to his unmusical ears than the beau
tiful design, the patient work of years, on the
vase, before it was broken, gave pleasure to
his artistically untrained eye. . The visit of
the -American soldiers had about the. sam» re
sult on the interior iof a Chinaman's house as
a severe shock of earthquake. >
The contempt ' of the American soldier for
art has a redeeming point. His dry if some
what coarse sense of humor, his extraordinary
remarks on the things he . touched and saw,
and his composite oaths, In which no nation
in the world . except the Chinese can rival or
equal him.' made him an amusing study. 'His
manner and his language may not always ful
fill the Ideals of European training, but. once
accustomed .to his "bluff." most of which U
assumed . to show his j Indeper.dence, which ; he
thinks he has no other, way of showing, we
shall find him a first-class fellow. - - "-
' From my own observation I can speak high
ly of the American as a soldier. : He generally
Impressed one! '; nevertheless, as' being a person
disappointed in life .and always'. on the look
out for a fortune. When he-talked, money was
his orlly topic, and when he could not talk
money. he kept . silent. ;.; ,. , |.
• .^Vhat did he care for works of art?. He had
heard • tho t • some of the | porcolaln was worth
large" sums, but he really could not tell a five
cent teapot from a" thousand-dollar one. To u?e
his rxprcssion. all the works , of Mt.inJ.h8
world were not worth, a .'cent, .and, anyhow,
they had no sound marketable value. - All. that
he looked for In the houses of rich Chlno3, as
he conveniently called the Chinese, was goll
bar. *or silver, thc latter' for cholceMn ' four
and,- a pound lumps'. (sycee). M .,, . . , '
If he* co-Jld "''not get gold ' or •; silver" he pre
ferred to heve nothing, but he- looked and
looltcd until ,he r generally .j found what he
-wanted. When once he_had It. he was willing.'
'in ord^r.'to convert,' it' at' once - into cash, to
ec)1 each four and • a quarter .¦ pound lump (or
Beyenty dollars j worth j In | weight) for five, . ten,
nf tee n or twenty -dollars local currency !
The' r Amcrian soldier." 1 , when' acclimatized., be
came extremely popular with all \ the other, na
tions, ' and It i was ¦ pleasant to see ' him chum,
particularly, with the British .Tommy. :;, He was
penefous ', In: his" dealings'^ with -other soldier's,
and when he pot to know, the people 'was quite
affable, . and T had ', a- pleasant, word I for every
body. ¦ He occasionally referred. to, "hia girl at
home," but hardly.' ever: mentioned apy.' other
'relative,' although no doubt" he . loved them all
dearly.,- ¦¦ ¦-/>' '' - "¦': •*.-', ' '" ¦-..".'.' ;.:'¦ .".' -•'
. V Next , to his attention ; to business, ., which ". he
transacts a3 we have _ seen 'above, comes :< his
Intense ' Interest in firearms. '. It was, thtref ore,
lucky that it ! fell 'tofthe*lo't of the! Americans
to be -set on guard Ton '. the - large I arsenal Inside
the ' city »-all, close ; to I the •¦ south gate. !,_, Forty
beautiful Krupp and ; Nordenfeldt guns 'of the
latest pattern .were 1 captured, with' quantities
of ; small . . arms V and . ammunition,^ ., Including
shells of all patterns and sizes.
Landor .; makes ' the ; missionaries I the ; ob
ject of ;¦ some severe criticism.', ' This > part
of i his ' book '-*; presents '/, much;., food j". for
thought' and /.will ¦ doubtless 'awaken dls
cussloa. la ius ocinioa raUier poor sirecl-
HENRY : - SAVAGE LANDOH^S: ,B§kQK .-¦ :0N:
TM IP CM IMP TH I ATI! dTDM : PA ; CT I ; I
/>HINA and the Allies," by A.
f / Henry Savage Landor. Js*a work of
!/"» two octavo volumes— 136 chapters.
M-^ ST6 pages and 3W illustrations. That
V» sounds appalling, enough to alarm
almost any reaaer. but when you have
read these two volumes you will regret
that they are not even longer, v; -•
Mr. Lanoor was tn China long before the
recent trouble with the Boxers beeran. He
reads and speaks Chinese, is familiar with
the country, followed the allies all
through the campaign and has written
books before. He tad^.-lmltar^-.
perlences with the Buddhist Lamas in
Thibet, so of aUtb«.nienlnChtaa«t
that time he was probably best^^fitted t or
the xrork he has undertaken. The books
themselves, however, are the best ¦wit
nesses that he has been singularly suc-
There is nothing like a description first
hand. Therein llefi the great value of
"China and the Allies." Landor writes, of
what he has seen with his own eyes and
h«ir<i with his own ears. He may be , a
little rrolix at times, but for one inter
«-sted in the subject these minute details,
are an erring on the right side.'
Mr. Landor has to much to say that he
wastes no time tvith long preambles of In
troductions or prefaces. J He begins by
challenRing the accepted meaning of the
•word "Boxer." -
I do rot know who Invented the BUMlpC
•Boxers" as a. translation of the words In
hwo-Ch-uan." by which the anti-foreign socle
ties In Chlna.ca.ll themselves, but whoever did
eo was wrong. ' .
To msic* matters clear, th-s Chinese char
e-tors "Ih-hTO-Ch'uan. trptiBlated literally.
TT-ran "Volontew Vr.iteA Fl»t," The word
-firt«" is not uH'ln the foiw of boxing,
but Js merely symbolic -of "belnK etrongly
clenched together."
Having been on the scene l^ns before
the actual hrStiUi^ >*~™- thc autho1 
vras in a poslt'on to rtudf the real
muses cf the trouble. He blames the
Bn/MWst prV5ts ?" tbp direct cause of the
uprltfn* «*"id In this conrertion rays:
"Contrary to what poon'.c tn Kurope avd
America have been led to believe, this
moven-ert wnr, vo loral ri.irs
missJonarler. but r»« n v:ell p'.' -nncr. m
Bade apainst aU '/'?relpn devils.
"Xo doubt 'J^'^en t^^¦t "?est of 5mT.orai
itv'and dis ? racrf;il ror-int'oti. the Buddr
Wtet monks, have beer, wit*! -'•*• not " nly
in'cfclrr.. but in all Asia. Western civiliTa
tion «rtU fciye ""? <nfacu-v In T>enefatin 5
to the remotest nooks <*f that immense
continent and peace will be forever as
tureS." •
Larger r'a'ms that the Chinese had
been active for over two years, and the
fijrhtir.p tvt.r ;)recipit?.ted some months
before thf Brxers were prepared ttirough
out the ki-gdom. If this hnd not be-n
the case the affair would havp turned
rut even more ferious tban it did. As it
¦wa«= he. fief.sc^ it as a fanatical Buddhist
Dmfmnt and v.hat h«>. bas to W rf
pardiiu:' the practices of these P^^.s to
work upon the credul'ty and superstition
cf the people is very intercstlnp.
One scheme xvhich was operated very
effectively was to hypnotize s=omn chi d
E^ then ra.ll ibe attention of t.ie mob
to this subject in a catalept'c fit. O
course/the "foreign de^l?" were blamed
ior the apparent witchcraft and then the
F-j<3fihlsts would came to the front and
after prcper incantations release the spell
of hypnosis, thereby/gaining much credit
for tlidr own holiness and bringing dis
credit on the heads of the unsuspecting
foreigners.
These priests worked so powerfully on
the credulity of the common classes that
men and boys cons!do,«d themselves pro
tected absolutely by Buddhist magic and
would feaxlesdV rush the machine guns
and modern rifles. Here is a. description
of one of the minor battles that shows
this state of frenzied fanaticism:
In battle * n-jmber of t^e Box-rs were
«rn>od with Mannlicher and Mauser rifles pro
vided them by the Ooyernm-nt. but most or
them used old-fashioned flintlock, murzle
loecers. Fiwar*. trHcnts and single and two
han-ied Fwords with hilts bound in red cloth
They rushed wlldlv into the field, imbued
with the idea siMrpeft^d to them by the monks
that he who fousrht for the Ih-hwo-Ch'u&n was
Jnvulr.Frablc. "Rifle or ci-rnon bullets or
pieces of ehell." preached the monk?, "may
FtriVe a Bossr In »ny part of his anatomy, but
cannot r-^r.^trate tt\r body of a f acred mem
ber of the Ih-hwo-Ch'uan. When hit. the bul
lpl will bounce back without injuring him In
the slightest rterree." Nevertheless, whlls
•urrlng their Batellites to so bravely to the
front under repeatfd assurances of being ab
solutely bullet-proof, the monks themselves
took good care to keep well tn the rear or
•under cover. In fact, in most casps they
cleared out of bullet reach until the fight wa<
over. This they explained, "was done, not
from cowardice, but In order to pray for those
•who fought for their cause.
At the attack on Tientsin City, nfter vari
ous Incantations and rondry displays of occult
powers, impressive to the . minds j of the Ig
norant and superstitious, these hordes of- fa
natics were let gro against the foreign troops.
• They came running on like madmen, brandish
ing their ewords. some with wild yells, others
chanting the Ih-hwo-Ch'uan war song, the
translation of which is as follows: . '
"Strike toward heaven and its gates will be
opened.
(And here they raise the rteht arm and make
pr«?tenp» tortrike the Vky with their ewords.l
Strike toward the earth and its gates will
Rive way! . • < "
<A hard stamp on the rround with the rlghl
foot followed these words.) . J.-''.-.
Vou must practice the Ih-hwo-Ch'uan;
For the leaders will soon appear."
They rushed -wildly forward, but, incanta
tions or no incantations, the bullets of thi
allies went through them all Ihe same. Th«
fact must have caused them some surprise
The machine runs did terrific execution, anc
the Japanese cavalry, dashing to and fro, lcfi
the field covered with dead and wounded. ¦
It is *aid-lba.t-the rurvivors called the monk;
to account for "the. heavy losses, but the prlesti
had a ready answef.-v,
"It is not our fault**'- J>ai(l . they. "Thosi
men died because' they were" not sufficiently In
ltiated or because they did not "-ha Ye faith Ii
our cause. Those that gave up all Tor the Ih
hwo-Ch'uan came out of the battle wlthou'
• a scratch." Here they pointed-' at the'few
mighty, few— that had come off the field, scarce
out of their wits, but still alive.
It was not only the foreigners who suf
fered, but the Chinese who had adoptee
the Christian faith were also made th<
-special object cf persecution. The methof
of the Boxer* for picking out a victln
shows how much chance the suspect hat
of clearing himself, when once charged:
In their, hunt for native Christians the Box
. ers ' adopted a singular mo<3» of identifyinf
them. "Over the head . of the unfortunate cap
tlve'a magic mirror was held In which & cros
(raid * the Boxers) ; . was ¦ to be plainly reflect*!
were the prisoner a Christian. As the maci
mirror . was ¦ made ¦ of > silvered metal 'slightl;
convex, a luminous cross ' was Invariably vis
ible in a powerful light, so that the poo
devils arrested on suspicion were , alway
mercilessly pwt to death. . .
Mr. Landor its - absolutely, frank " In hi
criticism of the various officials. He i
himself an Englishman;- but that in n<
•way interferes with his candid expressloi
of oplnlonspf the acts of Sir Claude Mac
donald. He blames that gentleman f o
the unfortunate ; Brooks affair— the .- firs
missionary : to lose his life. His criticise
, shows that the British Minister when in
. vestlgatlng the affair was so pleased a
having received a visit from the minister
of the Tsung-H-Tamen' and other high ol
-flciaJs that he accepted wholesale the 1 fin
sromlses and ¦ assurances o£ the Chinese
Another mistake he points out Is ti ~
short-sightedness of Sir Claude . in .. not
seeing long before he did that the Chinese
"Government was in perfect . sympathy
with the Boxer movement.:
Mr. Landor sounds a note of warning In
this connection that Is worth some
thought: ' •
In the' Imperial palace— although Sir Claude
reported to the contrary— there existed, /even
before that time, not fear of but encouragement
and friendlineps tmvi»rd the Boxers, the. Em
press Dowager, with Prince Tuan and a number
of foreijrn-hatingr Mnnchu princes, believing
firmly that the moment had come when the Chi
nes? could at last either kill or drive, Into the sea
•very foreign devil. It must ever be borne In
mind that this notion: is. and always will be
firmly rocted In every Chinese mind. The
hlcW he is in official position the deeper is
his feeling of contempt and. hatred for foreign-'
ers. On<? hears reports that tne Chinese admire
our civilization: that he Is in amazement at our
Inventions; that he will one day be as civilized
as we are : that Is to say when he has learned
enoug-h. And so the Chinese will be. He will
strive to purchase- machinery, guns and, am
munition: hp trill gradually learn how to work
thrra. and when he do*s he "will do it well; but
this will rnly be In ord»r to learn how to fight
xjf. and '. to have hlK revenue for what he con
riders, probably with justice, as our offenses.
He will never rest content until, no matter at
what erst to his nation 'In. human life. In
money, suffering: pnd humiliation: no matter
¦p-hat blows may have been : dealt him, he can
one day stand .up fiercer than ever and strike
bark a harder blow at us than any he has re
ceived. . * '
The account of the Seymour expedition,
the taking of the Taku forts and the final
capture of the native settlement In Tien
tsin is the best in print, for it Is written
by a Iran of exifrler.ee, who was on the
ppot. Mr. Lardor bad hls^camera with
him, ard his enthusiasm must have led
h'm into ' some pretty- close places, for
tliere ar(- plentv of p'ctures taken right
on the firinsr lines. These photographs
are a valuable addition to the text. Many
of them ere grewsome. but the Chinese
in warfare mate it even worse than what
Fhprman had to F.i.y about -war. and the
photographs of tortured bodiP3 show the
truth where mere words might be taken
as too strorsr s> t^uoh of Imagination.
On June 10 at 0:30 a. m. Vice Admiral
F.Ir Edward Seymour and his expedition
of 2-^CO men left Tientsin for the relief ol
Pfkinpr. only to R^t as far as Lanfang
r''ir Pjrhtirp their way -against great
odds, and finally:
T'naW? to keep open thp communication: run
ning «=hcrt of ammunition and rrivislons, the
water. of the wells p-M^on'-d by corpses of mer
and pr.lmals thrown Into them, and advance be.
in? ahf^li;tr*!y Impossible— to say nrthing of thf
rr»-bj»b;llty of b~lre cut off— It was <1ec'd"d thot,
in the circumrtances. It would be wiser for th«
cxreditlon to return to Tifntrln.
He thus describes the first skirmish be
tween the Boxers and the allied troops:
I-ate In the afternocn. at about 6. the trait
f topped and th» alarm was riven that the en
riry v.Ts apnreachirc Major Johnstone and si>
rrarin^s, followed by Midshipman Davids anc
fn marines, were marchini? some distanc<
ahead of the train along the line to examine Its
cr-ndition. rchfn a b"dy of Doxers w<»s noticed
leaving the villaee. In ordor, apparently, to eul
their, off fi— m the trsOn. . Retreating in due
ha=te towp.rd the main body, of the force' th«
sn-all party kept up a funning, fizht'wiih th«
one<.-ny. ¦ When only a few hundred yards frorr
- t>*e train the "bluejackets poured : a jinf fire frorr
the railway embankment Into th*. Boxers and
drove ihom toward tke maln^ British -force. T"b(
c.CTny w«p then exposed to a ~s»verecross'-flr»
frcm th» Maxims and rifles "of the Centurion'i
men. 'The marines had alighted , from - th<
trucks to rerel the attack of this horde of fa
ratlcs. who ran close under the. runs, . waving
their swords, pitchforks and clubs. As the>
actually came within^ a ranse of two or thre«
hundred ysrds their red turbans and sashes
could plainly be seen, showing that they were
Boxers, and not regular troops. They car
ried no firearms to speak of, except old
fashioned matchlocks. Some of. the enemy
¦n-cre mounted, but the majority were or
foot, young- boys, apparently in a state of hys
terical .frenzy., running wildly In front of th«
mad crowd. Their number In all was esti
mated at close upon 1500. -fTiey showed as
tounding bravery, dashiner upon the British and
exposing themselves with bare chests to th«
bullets of forelsrn rifles.
For an hour the fusillade was kept" up— or
one side only — with Maxims and rifles. tvhlW
these fanatics darned to the, attack time aftei
time with. their primitive weapons. They. wen
repulsed and were believed to have suffered
heavily.
\ • It these Chinamen could fight like that
with clubs and pitchforks against modern
, rifles. It is easy to be Imagined .what
. would have happened to the. Seymour ex
» peditlon if the Boxers' had had military
- training and up-to-date arms. Mr.'Lan
t dor's suggestion given above regarding
r civilization and the. Chinese is really
T worth- careful consideration. Here is the
' cost of that little trip to Lanfang and re
1 turn^ < . VfV&"
Killed— British 27. American 4. French 1, Ger-.
man 12, Italian 5, Japanese 2, Austrian 1, Rus-
I eian 10.
Wounded— British 97. American 25, French 10,
. German fi2. Italian 3, Jananesea 3. Austrian 1,
Russian 27, or In all 02 killed and 238 wounded.
I asked several officers and men of all ha
s tionp. who were with Seymour', ' what was their
5 opinion of the commander In chief on that un
fortunate expedition. I never found cne man
, who -xaa r.ot proud to ha «re »erved under him.-
Whether Russian. French, Italian, German or .
. British— they all spoke with admiration and al-
most veneration of the admiral, whoee courage,
j astounrtinp coolness In moments of danger, per
rpicacity and kindly manner toward his sub
t crdlnates made him esteemed and revered by
one arid all alike who had the privilege of serv
ing and fle-hting- under him. From first to last
he enjoj-ed th» absolute confidence of all his
officers and men. No better 'compliment could
be. paid him. , V" :
e The f author is very Impartial' in his crit
. Iclsm of the soldiers and officers of the
1 different nations. To the Japanese he
t gives, well merited credit for -their
bravery." They bore the brunt of the fight
' ing before Peking, were in the lead at the
8 attack of the native settlement In Tien
tsin and first'to attempt to- fly a flag at
s the capture" of the Taku forts. !' In this
* connection he says:
A DRtlietlc incident took place. A Japan
l eso sailor had climbed to the top of a fiag
_ staff to put up the flag of the R'.slnsr Sun,
when, unluckily, a Chinese bullet brought him
rlown and killed him. Had It not been for
, - this .mishap the Japanese fin k would have been
* the firi r l v to fly on the . fort. ' As It was, the
* British'' was, hoisted immediately by- the single
e halyard on "the flacstafC. • '
d There, can ij«. no doubt, however, that ." the
n Japanese, Immediately followed by. the Brit-*
d Ish and ¦ Italians, were the first to enter*, the
fort. ¦ and sufficient praise ¦. cannot be given
them for their bravery and military skill,
g There Is naturaJly very little -humor, to
t- be found in an* account of such terrible
is 'fighting as was ] carried , on in this war,
tl but one little Incident well deserves a
;c place In hlstorv: ","
y ' -"A bullet having gone; through a eol-
J" 'dler's , hat,', he absent-mindedly, carried . hjs
fg headgear under his arm'- till the end of
-the battle to save It from , further perfora
; ' tlon.", :. ¦-' -.-. .-" :.. -•.-.¦/ -...:;:
. There Is a. fighter for you. It made him
13 mad! to think of the enemy spoiling (his
0 new hat and forcing ; him to . subsequent
n . expense with the commissary department:
: " , : Here is a humorous incident' in the fight
' r ing about the forts at Taku:/3fl£H9M£
5t . ¦ ¦ ' ¦ • ¦ " • • ¦ ¦ <
n A party of Russians and Germans had land
ed on the south side on a ; reconnaissance. The
" ' Germans,' on foot,' were left to guard a bridge,
| . while the . Russians, on '. horseback, '.'¦ continued
8 . their " reconnolterinjt expedltlcn. Th«T> Germans
f " waited for some hours, . faithfully holding - the
ie bridge. [ but not perceiving^ the* Russians, fcon
3. eluded that they were not coming bock, so duly
¦-¦••. . - : :-. ¦'.> ;-.-¦.' =
proceeded to . blow up the bridge previous to
retirlns. ¦ . ; "
' During the night the Russians.. overwhelmed
by e surierlor . force of Chinese, •' fell . back on
-¦ the bridge— or rather on Its ; absence — and had
to swim with : their ; horses across, the stream
under, the pelting bullets of the Chinese.
• .""Why .. the deuce :. did ! you ' destroy , the
bridge?" ' was the* angry, query . put , by "the.
Russian ] to the German . officer when he "' next '
met .him. '; . '.¦- .-. •¦ .; ' ."..". ¦.¦ \_ "¦.-¦/ ' '
\ ''Why not?" calmly replied the German." VI
thought that you Russians " all '. knew how to
; swim." : - 1 . ¦ : ' .. .'¦ / -.. '¦¦ .' ;— v ','¦;
' .' "And how to swear, too!" retorted the witty
¦ Russian. '• . . ¦ : . ' ; ; ..; . . ;'• ." ; . .' ':'.¦- '
- It "all. ended -in 'a hearty! laugh, and no one
seemed any the worse for a "good ducking, . "
One of^ the most interesting parts of
the boolc is Mr. Landor's description of
. the looting; of Tientsin; after its capture
; by the allies. There was the Englishman
. with'his eye "open .for a. present !. for Vhis
r girl at home, the Frenchman whole
Ings were especially* appealed to by :the
discovery of some .! savory- delicacies; to
vary military 'diet, 1 the ;>• Japanese v.who
handled -with reverent care the priceless
works of-art and the Russian and Aiiieri-
mehs of humanity are generally consid
ered good 'enough to ; do missionary work
in China, and this : he' considers the great
est mfstake of all, forl the field Is a hard
one . and requires men and ¦ women • of the
greatest ability. He also deplores the
sending of , young girls to interior posts
far: from* thelprotectlon' of foreign guns.
,The idea of -missionaries aping the Chi
nese. In: their dress appeals to the author
as- ridiculous,. and" he tells . us that It af
fects the Chinese In the ; same .,way. ": In
proof 'of this: he gives a snapshot photo
graphj that bears ample ; - witness of. r 'the
arriusemerit of the Chinese- at two mis
sionaries in native costume. He says:
' 'The ' rnajority J of '.British and American tnis-
Btonarles | of the stronrer sex seem to possess
fair of ; red hair, ¦ . which \ they ¦ match more j or
less ; accurately, by ,'a- Jonp. fat pigtail 'of a
bright golden or glowing auburn tinge,\accord
lnsr to. circumstances, ¦ ychlch hangs, (from '¦ a
seam : ln- ; the cap., lnst<jad of from .the. ecalr.
as It. should "do according to the lawn of na
ture) down the back to the heels over, their silk
disguise. • This fan^y, dress .costume is now
very largely adopted by. British and American
mlGsionaries, fo^ we are. told that In as$Imilat
! jng themselves to the natives <to whom noth-.
'Ing. could;, be/- more : unlike) : 'the;.mission£M-ieg
gain 5 much influence 'over , the- latter. .Per
sonally. I have noticed only undisguised me.rrl
| ment among the Chinese as the disguised for-!
'elcners;,went-- by. '¦'¦••¦' .- ! : :
The . missionary women in Chinese clotJies.
fortunately, : look less -, ridiculous -." than their
men., probably because! they, are generally
smaller, yet It seems Incomprehensible that In
Eolng to a country 'to. convert ipeople. they
should themselves \ adqpt ' customs and .cos
tumes I Which In "others they condemn : as bar
barous.: ¦¦: ~ •'•.¦•"•:.-'-:. ..¦'';¦' '; "' !;',.-¦¦-'-,.
The advance of the relief column on Pe
king^ the sufferings of the besieged," the
attack, andj final capture of the city, by
the allies— airthis is glvenl In ' careful' de
tail and illuminated by valuable ph'oto
- .¦ ¦ '¦ - ¦ ¦ ¦-.".'*-¦''• ' ¦ - * .
Hastings, and placed in ; the grounds 'of, a
country, estate. L- The ; Is supposed
to exert a ¦ mysterious. Influence over the
acquaintance rj-Hh them. After a num
ber of years Rodman meets a girl -with
whom he falls In love and ,whom he
marries. Something which occurs short
ly after the marriage makes ! Rodman
believe that hls> wife "is as little worthy
of. reverence"««s his . first love proved to
be. . But : circumstances prove to h'm
that in her ho has found at last the
Ideal companion in whose existence he'
had been taught -to believe 'In early
youth. • • . -,'
The story Is. told simply, but with a
charm that, commends it to those who
are "looking for a bright, readable novel,
free-" from, morbidness, and . one " which
discusses no problem,' but only the old,
'recurring theme, that pure, unselfish love
may -, transform shattered- faith. into : an
emotion . which glorifies life. (Publ'shed
by Charles Scribner's Sons, ; New York. "
Price $1 50.) . I •
; ! . A; Maryland Manor. . ,
Although "A Maryland Manor," ;by
Frederlck Emory,' is a book of recent pub
lication, it reads like 'a romance written
¦" several decades 'ago.;' The. scene- is laid in
antebellum ' days in Maryland V and the
dramatis personae, the ; structure of; the
plot, and. the. denouement^ all savor of a
'certain class of fiction now somewhat out
of fashion.'' . ¦ •". ,.
¦ The Btor> r deals wich the fortunes of an
.aristocratic Southern j family who ', Inhabit'
"the "Manor." Their happiness. Is placed
in : jeopardy^ several _. times ,'through ; the
• machinations . of certain wicked persons,
' among whom are a 'degenerate ; scion of
j the;/ family and ; a ' beautiful actress; 'but
',' virtue 1 Is triumphant. at the last.' and the
/end of ¦ the story ; seeo ' the ; good rewarded
and the bad properly • punished. . • (Pub
lished- by. Frederick* Stokes,, New: York.
; In ; *:The Column" Charles! Marriott has
written a story ! of ; dpubtf ul.merit. The
; novel ' takes Its ' title' from ¦ a' ; Doric ! column
".which has ; been ', brought^ from ' .Greece 'to
¦England; by :an archaeologist .Edward
graphs taken by the author himself. All
the important moves of * the army are
made clear by sketch maps and plans.
Altogether these books' read with tb.9
same dramatic interest of a strong novel
and yet give you history with the stamp
of absolute verity. (Published by Charles
Scribner's Sons, New York. Two volumes,'
price $7 50.) ..¦"¦¦ ¦_- B. G. LATHROP.
, ' Norman Holt. ..
In this swift and thrilling story of action
General King- shows us In strong contrast
the brilliant, hospitable, home, life in Ken
tucky, under the old. regime and the har
rowing bitter strife stirred up by the great
conflict when .f.T.milic3- were divided and : .
father and son were in opposing; ranks.
Norman Holt, the favorite" son of an old
Kentucky family, having been repri
manded at West Point for duelling, is.
withdrawn by his high-spirited father. To
brighten up the ; home-coming Dr. ; Holt
keeps cpen house and gives a good old
fashioned. Kentucky Christma^, , to which
all' the friends of the family -are invited.
; Among the guests Is Dai^y Lane of Cin
cinnati, a daughter '' of Dr. .Holt's attor
ney, with whom Norman is deeply in -
love. , '
Dipqulet Invades the festivities with the
arrival of an unbidden guest, young MaW
loy.'¦ alsb of Cincinnati, and the friend of
the Lanes. Ills letters of Introduction are
of the best and according to the Kentucky
custom he' is, hospitably welcomed. But
his admiration for Daisy Lane Is so evi
dent, and his attempts to! monopolize her.
society so persistent, that hostility arises
between him and youns Holt. ." • ¦
in time to save young Holt's life. He Is
now \ taken up . by strong ! and influential
friends,. who secure for. him a commission
in" a Kentucky regiment. "In the crash at
Stone River,he j rallies Sheridan's Second |
Brigade and becomes famous in the army,
while Malloy, ; who managed' to keep out
of. the' battle/ gets home.and is made ma- .
jorin a new regiment. 1 he elder Malloy.
meantime; has gained a|cendency over, the :
Lanes. Malloy /returns to the front with
his neWreglment and In presence of Rose- ,
crans, I Sheridan and ' GarHeld, Holt re
fuses to- recognize him. ¦ l ! '• '
¦ Two days 'Mater, in the maneuvers .in
front of ; Tailahorna Holt is captured and
brougrht face to ; face with his brother In •
BraRB's headquarters. ? He Is taken to
Chattanooga as a prisoner and held until
just before Grant's preat battle at Mission
Ridge, ! ¦.when. he" escapes in time, to lead
his .regiment -.and | plant the ' colors on .
Bragg's works.' Meanwhile , Malloy has !
beenlbusy Intriguing against him and. the .
plot . '. would! have worked but : f or * the , es- •
cape! of Captain Winp, who denounces
Axalloy, as a liar and" '^tenderer and clears
Holt. To escape arrest ( and disgrace; Mal
loy•"deserts; to .the j enemy's; ;lines. The •
whole :truth"; is, cleared up by the collapse
of Senator Malloy at home. The Holts are .
financially. wrecked by the.war and by th»
Senator's ; stealings. \ Norman " rises • to ' a
colonelcy and a commission' in the regular
army, !. grnlns the : girl he loves-" and wins
back Bellcview for hl^ a jring* father. (Pub
lished.- by- G. W/DilUngham. Company,
New York; Price' $125.) '! ; / .
\ ¦"'•;• v Truth 'Defter. :'. ;
"Truth Dexter." by Sidney McCnll;ls not
a particularly Interesting . book;',The. pub- :
Ushers: have 'done all they can • by giving '
the story the bestl typosrraphical dressing
and an artistic cover, but the matter pre
sented borders closPly.'on mediocrity. The
characters have" the jerky swing of the
well-made marionette. / i; • - . .
There !s a rising young lawyer of Bos
ton , who ' is' In the midst of an affa'r with
a young married ] wctnan, ' Orchid Wiley.
From the first oasre'to-the last these two
;are always on the '.verge of an elonement.
They remind one of; the proverbial small
boys and their first fierht--one was '"fraid"
and the - other "daresn't." ' Th,ere is one
comfort for the reader's torn emotions — •
the last few pages witness a final mating
between these naught v ' peoDle In' which
they both. admit that: after all they did not
caro very much "'for each- other . anil .- ; sa
there really was very little danerer of an
elopement af.d disgrace in Boston's best
society.
Truth Dexter is a yours: Southern
who falls heiress to a large amount of
rtioneythroii-»ii the. will of an uncle who
had abandoned tho. Po"th. made his for- -
tuni^ in the North «i r><\ thor, lrft h's mniey,
to* this. Southern relative with the under-
Ptanrtiris: that if she did not take it all his
wealth should po to the prection of. a ptatue
in horor of Abraham f .Inco'n. Cra'ghead.
the young lawvpr and "hero" before men
tioned.' goes South to Derpnade th's girl
and her sranrlparents to- take the money.
Thf> granrifathT-has his blood so wrought
up cvpr the •' thought "of ; takiner money
made by a renecade memter of the family
that he fnJls dead from-'apoplexy. T'ne .
p'randmother istaV^n seriously, illVnri so ¦
the younr lawver. jus*- to save the family,.
marries the p'rl on four days' acquaint- ¦
ence.v There.ls.no pr«t o rsf of lov* l be- :
twe-en the cotiule. but the reader feels- con
fident that that will all come out right in
the end. \
Truth Is sent to Europe for on education
and In.her absence M-. Cralghpad kls«"»s
the married lady.- just . once. . . Unon ' the
ycune wife's return the lady . villain. In,
I he "person of this younir married woman,
rushes to! her.lmmediately with the intel-:
ligtnce that she has been kissed. Truth
reiurns with her. grandmother ,tb, the
South Jifter.-havlng had a dramatic scene
with her . delinquent husband. Tn' the
. meantime ,Mrs.* ; Wiley's husband d!e=« and
¦then it. is thnt.she i and Cralghead have the
quiet litt'e talk. wfilch results In their real-"
;iziriK- that the affection for. 'each other
¦ Is barely iskln -deen after, all.' Mrs. WHey :
to Europe land'Cralghead goes South)
¦jto yjwelccme :a; llttleipop^that has^arrive*,
/ to'Kladflen hls'househoTd a'nduhen^\vlth a
piRh of relief.' the "reaaer; puts down the
book to ;know that everything must be all
"right for the future, '"•. for the author nays
¦ bo. and. he certainly must know. (Pub
lished by Little, ' Brown & Co.. Boston.
Price $150.) -= -. ¦
¦ ~ i ¦¦¦¦¦'¦ - " ' '
! ' The Inlander.
Those who have read .with enjoyment
the few novels written by Harrison Rob
ertson will welcome his latest work,
"The Inlander." It is a story of the
South. The hero, Paul Rodman, hag
been, brought up by. his father, Judge
Rodman, in a quiet town in Middle Ten
nessee. Judge- Rodman, having .lost 1 his
wife, has had the exclusive . care of his
son, and has given him a training which
has served to inculcate In Paul ' social
manners and ideas which. ¦ a generation
or so ago, were those which v/ere char
acterized as belonging to a gentleman
of the old school. • Paul Rodman, know
ing well no women while living his se
cluded life, for actual knowledge of their
nature has ; substituted Ideal theories
about them which he has gained, from
reading and from the teachings of- his
father. Paul imagines women to be
little, if" at all, lower than the angels,
and "considers It a condescension on their
part to accept homage from imperfect
man.- .7 • ¦•
When Paul Is In his early twenties his
father dies, and he goes to Kentucky to
soil's fortune. Ho meets there a beau
tiful girl, whom" he suDposes to .be the
embodiment of the perfection vhlch must
•characterize , all women. ; Paul becomes
engaged to the girl. A few fl-iys before
the time set for the. wedding ' Paul's
fiancee jilts him in order to marry a
richer- man. .
: From ; a "-..worshiper of ; women Rodman
becomes a . woman hater,' and. - In I 'the
belief that h'is faith In them can never
be restored, as , far, as possible shuns all
'¦The latter accepts a" position in the firm
of Maclntyre & Lane, the partners being
respectively his uncle and the father of
his" sweetheart. ,-• The military ardor of the
winter of 1S60-61, when war was in the air,
leads -Norman Holt to join a- local com- ;
pany.. War- is declared, and Kentucky is ¦
rent asunder In the fierceness df partisan
feeling. Dr. Holt and his elder son, Henrv,
join the .Confederate; army, but their In
fluence With ', Norman is more , than offset
by, his Inbred loyalty j to the flag. The
company which he organized /goes to the'
front for the Union and he is 1 deprived of
a commission through," the scheming of.
Malloy," aided by his father, ¦ a State Sena
tor with* a "pull." iSo Norman becomes a
private 'among.tho boys he once; com
:manded.. Their . affect Ion ' a nd .. respect help
him to do his duty," but Malloy, . who has
been appointed a -lieutenant, contrives In
various ways to make his career, hard for
;hJm.<, The company is called*- to. th'e field
and on a dark night Holt is requested .to
pllota raiding squadron to" Bollevlew, his
home.'. ;As a soldier he must obey: as\ a
¦son he shrinks fromguidlnpr his superiors
to capture his father. ]' In the conflict that
follows Captain. Wing of the Union forces
Is captured,' together with his aid and.or
derly, and Norman « in a dazed j and ex
hausted condition pilots ' the . remnant of
the command back to camp,; only to be ac
cused .of v treachery and -placed ¦• under
; guard. Before the court-martial is]con
vened • Norman ¦, is' found ' to>be. suffcrlhic:
1 from exhaustion and fever, and' he is 'sent
to the 'i hospital, where '¦ kind and ; syrnpa
.thetic friends are able to have the matter
• cleared , up ; so* that, \ upon i his recovery, he
returns to 1 the !< army. ./ at -Shiloh. He' Is
I slated | by * his j captain,', Gaftney, '.". for pro
' motion, but j the craf ty : Malloy ( takes com
mand while! Gafiney* is 'in'., the* hospital;
r changes ; the ! report • and • apaln ¦ prevents
, Norman: from getting, his well-merited;re
jWard. , ;: The •; from "\ this , on ~ crowd
clo?ely. '¦ * '- Norman.' K, harassed . and . oyerr
-worked -by./ Malloy, ";' Is " finally i discovered
asleep on . picket.' •; He. is placed
\ under i» arrest, ~i court-martialed 1 , and :¦ sen-
; ;te < n*^ed:to.be shot. ;.' ';¦¦).: \ -\' : ! '.¦¦'. ' '-. ; ¦ J
:t In : this crisis, ..which Is convincingly and
dramatically, hahdled.Ta" reprieve Iwhich, is
telegraphed' from iWashinsrton- arrives just
heroine of -the"! tafe.. Daphne Hasttngs.
Just what this, influence Is is not made
plain. In a. way the column seems to play
the part of tutejary -divinity to Daphne.
Daphne has been accustomed to'a life of.
Arcadian simplicity and has been guarded
from all knowledge of the world; in order
that her real nature may reveal Itself
withoutTrestralnt. She marries a man of
modern complexity of character and after
a few months' companionship "with him
discovers that she can ; be. happy only of
following, her own Inclinations and by al
lowing her husband to have no real part
Inner life. Unfortunately, before she can
put into practice her rule of. conduct she
is accidentally killed. (Published by John
Lane. New York.) •;-¦ -' .
5 • The Cross Roads of Destiny.
"The Crossroads of Destiny," by John
P.. Eltter, :¦ Is- an exciting romance of love
and adventure In the fifteenth century. ¦.
The scene is laid in .Venice when that
powerful republic was In the zenith of Us ,
power. _ Prince Angelo of Frescla is In
love with the Donna Beatrice Pilano. the
only daughter cf.S!gnor;Anafesto Pilano.
a.Venetlan Senator. ¦" The girl returns hte
affection, but her father plans to marry
her to the . aged Christoforo Donato. his .
associate In tl»e Venetian Senate. In her
despair' she sends word to her lover to
hasten to her rescue. For various state
reasons Prince Angelo Is; prevented ' from_
going to hera'd in person, so he sends
his friend j Barnabas, a gallant young-
English knight, upon the mission.
Barnabas reaches Venice In the disguise
of an English Baron traveling about the
world in the pursuit of sight-seeing and
'pleasure. He establishes himself in a pal
ace and enters upon a life! of luxurious
prodigality, in -he course of which he ac
cidentally meets a Venetian beauty with
whom he falls- passionately in love. Later
he discovers that the object of his adora
tion is none other than the Donna Beat
rice Pilano, whom Prince Angelo has sent
him«tforth to rescue. " ;
A' series of thrilling and intensely dra
matic chapters • follow. In which the
•author vividly, describes the rescue of tne
Donna Beatrice by the English knight in
the face of deadly perils and the gradual
development of a new passion In the heart
"of the Venet'an damsel— namely, an ar
dent! love, for her -fescuer. This part of
the.. narrative is replete with sentiment
of rare sweetness and delicacy, abounds
in descriptive passages full of life and
color and is irrbued with the spirit and
charm of genuine romance:
Barnabas and Donna Beatrice declare
their love for one another; then the voice
nf honor calls them back to duty. Both
heroically resolve to. keep faith with
Prince Anselo. but on their arrival at his
castle an. unexpected event happens which
frejss them from this obligation. "With
this event, the story ends happily— as all
pood stor'es should end. (Published by
G. TV*. Dlllingham & Co., New York. Price
$1 25.) ¦ - ... ; .
, I Ths Little Crusaders.
A story of interest to youthful readers
has been writien by Isabel Scott Stone,
and called "The Little Crusaders." As
the name implies, it is a tale of that re
markable aftermath of the Knights' Cru
sade, which in the" thirteenth century
despoiled so roanv homes of children, and
rent. them toward. the Holy Land, only to
meet at last Oeath or captivity.
The story. Is not one. for very young
children, but for those who have begun
to be interested In the remarkable events
told in history, it is well worth reading.
The. main theme of the book is the career
of a young girl who. joins the band of
children as It sets out to rescue the Holy
Sepulcher. Her. fate Is* more fortunate
thanVthat. of almost all the others; for
she returns In safety to the home 'of her
father.^ ,"¦-..• '] '¦:¦ ¦":. ' /
The story^of the fortunes of the hero
ine ' Is enlivened- by the introduction of
some of the important characters who
played a part in the Crusades, and by de
; seriptlons ;' of .Important places through
which the. little, crusaders passed on their
ill-starred 'expedition. (Published by the
Abbey Press, New York. Price $1.)
The Luck of a Highland Laddie.
"The Luck of a Highland Laddie." by
May Crommelin. Is a bright, slap-dash,
pretty and • thoroughly readable love
story. The hero owes his. luck to the fact
of his being the seventh son of a seventh
son. and every seven years some stroke
of fortune Increases his happiness. His
life is sketched. prettily from the moment
of his birth. Of course. 'he is poor and,
of course, he has a charming girl sweet
heart—and what would a story like this
be If with the same Inevitableness he did
not find a will bequeathing to him vast,
estate?? Then the will is stolen, and Jock
(that is the lucky boy's name) goes out
to Peru to work for .Elsie and inciden
tally to have a nice exciting time, and a
naughty person tells her he is dead. And,
of- course, he comes hack and everything
ends very happily.. To discuss the style
and other literary qualities from a crit
ical point of view would be like discuss
ing the architecture of a doll's house. It
is a simple,, wholesome story suited to
the feminine folk for whom It was writ
ten. (Published by F, M. Buckles & Co.,
New York. Price $1 25.)
A Royal Exchange.
A. story of no real merit, and' yet one
that Is somewhat amusing, is "A Royal
Exchange." a late issue of Appleton's
Town and Country Library. ." It Is the
history of the end of a love affair be
twocn Margarcc Herries-Hay and Prince
.Hermann, the heir to the throne of Boeo
tia.
Margaret's father. Colonel Herrles-
Hav. has beci military attache to the
court of Boebtia. Upon discovering that
an attachment has sprung up between his
daughter , and the Prince, the Colonel
leaves Boeotia with his family, and
takes them to Scotland, where he thinks
that his. daughter will be safe from the
attentions of the Prince. Prince Her
mann follows the Herries-Hays" to Scot
land, however, and through the machina
tions of Mrs. Iierries-Hay becomes * a
suitor for. 'Margaret's hand. The Prince,
after a struggle with his family/ resigns
his title to the throne of Boeotia. marries
Margajet. and 'fettles In Scotland to, lead'
the life of a country gentleman; (Publish
ed by Appleton & Co., Ne,w -York. Price
ji.) • - - ;• . '--::
A Mistress" of Many Moods.
"A Mistress of Many Moods" Is a trans
lation from the French of Andre Theu
rlet, and In the original created a sensa
tion. The hero is a portrayal of a, man
too often met with.. and the heroine Is a
charming French woman who proves her
self a ¦• mistress of many moods In very
truth.
-Miss Charlotte Boardman Rogers, the
translator of "A Mistress;- of '--Many
Moods," Is a daughter of 'Mrs. Harrison
"Whlttlngham.* Miss Rogers was born In
1873 and Was educated at the Dearborn
Morgan. School In Orange. NV J.,' where
she made her social debut a( the age of
17. Two years ago. Miss Rogers moved
to New York, where, she took up the
study of. French' literature. She has
translated !" some articles for the Parisian
Magazine and < has also contributed - sev
eral special articles to newspapers, which
have been very highly commended. Miss
Regers is a member of the New Jersey
chapter of. the Descendants of Colonial
Governors.:; (Published by the Abbey
Press, New York. Price 50 cents.)
The Symphony of Life^
Henry Wood already has a .wide circle
of , readers, ; hJs former ¦ books,", six " In
number, having passed through from
three to thirteen editions each." He stands
at the : forefront among writers upon the
new; philosophy of life, spiritual evolution,
sociology and other advanced thought.
In /''The Symphony , of Life" -he pre
sents in . concice form the result of h|s
ripest : study and investigation. . For liter
ary finish, -poetic; beauty - and I practical
suggestiveness .Mt. »^Yoo<i's .works rank
bJsh- ; iThe:new; philosophy of 'health re-
Foundation Bites.
celves thorough and scientific though
conservative consideration, The higher
evolution is ably treated, and one or two
chapters are devoted* to Biblical symbol-
Ism. It is Idealistic, but his Idealism is
practical rather than speculative. (Pub
lished by Lee & Shepard. Boston.
Price Jl 25.)
One of the most comprehensive works
of Its kind Is "Foundation Rites." by
Lewis Dayton Burdlck. Mr. Burdlck has
evidently made an' exhaustive study of
his subject. % as Is shown by the number
of books given In a list at the end of hl3
volume, .to which reference has been
made. In brief. "Foundation Rites" Is
devoted to a careful history of the be
liefs, customs and legends connected with
buildings, locations and landmarks and a
detailed account of the various ceremo
nies* at foundations from the earliest
times to the present day. The evolution
of these ceremonies makes a very Inter
esting study. At first they were marked
by human sacrifices, then by the slaugh
ter of animals and later by the substitu
tion of vegetable products. The chapters
on relics, images, symbols and writings
will also appeal to the student of such
matters. (Published by The Abbey Press
New. York. Price $150.)
A Birthday Book.
Zoe Proctor has gathered selections
from the writings of John Oliver Hoboes,
(Mrs. Cralgle), and has made of them a
birthday book. The result is not entirely
satisfactory. Mrs. Cralgle is undoubtedly
clever, but with a cleverness that 13
startling rather than attractive. Her in
geniously: worded epigrams are usually of
cynical tone. Coming In the course of a
story, as observations upon particular
people, or use 1 in definite connection
with longer explanations, they are amus
ing enough. They do not, however, lend
themselves happily to the uses of quota
tions when occurring in quick succession
apart from their context.
Still, an enthusiastic admirer of Mrs.
Cralgle' s work can find In this birthday
book a plenitude of witty sayings. (Pub
lished by John Lane. New York.)
I<iterary Notes.
Lafcadlo Hearn. author of "Shadow
ings," "Exotics and Retrospectives," "In
Ghostly Japan," etc.. has been made an
honorary member of the London Japan
Society.
Pere Dldon's remarkable "Life of
Christ." with an introduction by Cardinal
Gibbons, is to'le Issued in a new and more
compact edition for subscription sale by
the publishers, D. Appleton & Co.
An unpublished diary by Francis Park
man, the great historian, will appear in
the "July Scribher's. It Is his account of
a journey made through and around Lake
George In 1842. It is said to be full of his
acute and satirical observations of men
and nature. • .. .
Max O'Rell writes from London that
"The Seal of Silence," bjr A. R. Conder,
is the new English success. He says that
the author had a genuine gift for comedy
and achieved . "an astounding success" In
reconciling the reader to the marvelous.
"The Seal of Silence"' is the first and last
novel of the author. It will be Introduced
to the American public by D. Appleton &
Co. ...¦¦-."
The four issues of the Youth's Compan
ion to be published in June •will contain
nearly twenty stories, one of these. "The
Great Scoop," by Molly Elliot Seawell.
being a serial story of life in a newspaper
office. Among the, contributors of these
stories will be Harriet Prescott Spofford.
Charles Tenney Jackson. Parker Bartlett,
John .D. Sherman. Sophie Swett. T. S. Van
Dyke and Will Allen Dromgoole.
If a curious title can attract the atten
tion of the public, "Anting- Anting
Stories," just announced by Small, May
nard & Co.. should be sure of success.
The volume takes Its name from a Fili
pino word signifying a charm, or amulet,
worn to protect its owner from injury or
death; and the sub-title of the book ex
plains that it is a collection. at. "Strange
Tales of the Filipinos." . Its author Is
Sargent Kayme. a new name in literature,
.but- the name of one who seems to have
had rare opportunities for studying the
life of the . inhabitants of 'our new pos
sessions.
There is untold wealth of new material
for literature in these far-away Eastern
islands, and it will not be surprising' if
these stories prove to bp the introduction
to a hew field no less fresh and original
than was the India of Mr. Kipling's
stories.
"Wonderful and varied are the phenom
ena and the inhabitants of the Philip
pines. Pirates, half-naked natives, pearls,
man-apes, towering Volcanoes about
whose summits clouds and unearthly tra
ditions float together, strange animals
and birds, and stranger men. pythons,
bejuco ropes stained with human blood,
feathering palm trees now fanned by soft
breezes and now crushed to the ground by
tornadoes—on no mimic stage was ever
a . more wonderful scene set for such a.
company of actors. That such stories as
Mr. Kayme gives us do not exaggerate
the realities of this strange, life can be
easily seen by any one who has read the
letters from press correspondente, our sol
diers or the more formal books of travel.
Strangest, perhaps, of all these possi
bilities for fiction is the anting-anting. at
once a mysterious power to protect its
possessor and the outward symbol of the
protection. No more curious fetich can
be found in the history of folklore. A
button, a coin, a bit of paper with unin
telligible words scribbled upon It, a bone,
a stone, a garment, anything, almost—
often a thing of no intrinsic value— its
owner has been known to walk up to the
muzzle of a loaded musket or rush upon
the point of a bayonet with a confidence
so sublime as to silence ridicule and to
command admiration^ if not respect.
Books Received.
EZRA "CAINE— By Joseph • Sharts. Herbert
S. Stone & Co.. Chicago. ' '. ¦
OLD SCHOOL DAYS— By Andrew James
Miller. The Abbey Press. New Y$rk. $1.
THE COUNCIL OF THREE— By Charles A.
Seltzer. The AJbbey Press. New York. $1.
A FLOWER OF THE TROPICS— By War
ner P. Sutton. The Abbey Press. New York. $1.
ON THE CHARLESTON-By Irene Wldde
mer Hartt. The Abbey Press. New York. Jl.
A SLAVEHOLDER'S DAUGHTER — By
Belle Kearney. The Abbey Press, New
York. $1.
AND THE WILDERNESS BLOSSOMED—
By. Alraon Dexter. H. W. Fisher & Co.. Phil
adelphia. |2. .
A HEART OF FLAME- By Charles Fletniny
Embree. The Bowen-Merrlll Company, In
dianapolis.* tt 60.
THE DRUMMERS' LATEST— Compiled and
arranged by T. J. See Jr. The Chiswtok Pub
lishing Company, New - York. In paper, Z
THEY THAT TOOK THE SWORD— By Na
thaniel Stephenson. John Lane. New York.
THE ANGLO-SAXON REVIEW— Vol. VIII,
March. 1901 — Edited toy Ladv Randolph Spen
cer Churchill. G. P. Putnam's Sons. New
York. $6. ,
"CHINA AND THE ALLIES"
;THE:Stjif DAY 1 CALL,
A- (HENRY SAVAGE; fcftN£®$
4
The Books Reviewed
ON THIS PAGE
Can Be Obtained at
ROBERTSON'S,
A. M. ROBERTSON.
126 POST STREET,
SAN FRANCISCO..
Prices are always in the
Reading Notices.pTpEIS department, under
jj the able leadership of
o- Kate Greenleaf Locks,
"will be found of interest and
benefit to all clases. Whether
rich cr poor, thera is no rssson
•why your home should not ba
made beautiful by artistic ar
rangement and tHe proper out
lay of time and energ-y more
than by the expenditure of
meney. Correspondence is in
vited. Just address your let
ters to Kate Grsenlcaf Locke,
Sunday Call, and these ques
tions en making the home ar- .
tistic will be answered at
length in subsequent columns
of this department.
THE StrXDAir CAI/L.
and shadow: playing -through the ' ; rose-',
draped ¦ lattice > and ' the ; effect ', obtained 'of .
the ¦ curtains hanging , from* it \ to* the . floor -
were fascinating, beyond description.. ';,
' VThls ' original V and (charming 1 Idea 'would '"
be ' just fas ' attractive Fcarrled^ out In . pink -
or red roses, but the fact of having seen
it In yellow has lent an additional charm
to that color -for me ever, since.
The walls are hung with paper having
.a decided, tliough.softrblue- ground., and
over this are scattered . white Cherokee
roses with their cold 'green foliage. The
celling down to .the picture mold la the
•white of a shadow on the rosesi and the
carpet is a plain velvet in a deeper shade
of old blue.
The twin brass beds have valanced point
d'esprit covers over coverlets of lieht blue
III ill i|' i tlWldH*M*W—WWtHllHMW 'Hill i Till |i '
The walls are covered with morocco in
golden tan: the frieze is hung below the
picture mold and is. in Saracenic figures
and arabesques cut from the .leather,
which is brilliantly illuminated in reds,
blues and greens, and overlaid and inlaid
with gold and silver leaf. The effect- Is
that of jewels in a rich setting, and the
treatment is that given by the leather
workers of Cordova, in old Spa'n. several
hundred years . ago. Pieces of Cordova
leather which are still in existence are
said to be as brilliant and jewel-like as
when they wore first manipulated by
these wonderful artists.
An over-mantel leather panel on the
chimney breast is actually gorgeous in
effect. This work is in 'relief and repre
sents the heads of Amazons In silver
winged helmets, with glittering spears
and shields overlaid with pure metal In
gold and silver leaf. The faces, the beau
tifully modeled arms and hands holding
the spears, the horses', heads and flying
manes, stand boldly out, and, like the rls-^
ing sun in the. background, are wreathed'
with gold. This most . artistic and orig
inal piece of work, as well as the leather
frieze, was done by two California wom
en, who have been for years endeavoring
to solve the mystery Of Cordovan leather
work. That they have succeeded- is evi
denced by the . exceeding .beauty • of this
decoration. This panel, glowing with col
or, Is most charmingly set amid the deep
toned Oriental furnishings of the other
wise quiet room.
A Blue and Green Bedchamber.
, A bedchamber on the second floor is
also remarkable for its color. Blues and
eea greens are mingled in its furnishings
and decoration. The room. is large, being
18x20. The western exposure is a large
half-circular ' bay, having, five windows.
These are so curtained- as to 'give the ;
coolest and airiest • effect possible. .: Each
window has two full curtains of white
point d'esprit; these are tied backhand
disclose* sash curtains of pale green silk."
Over the narrow strip '.of wall between
each window a. full scarf of the green
tllk Is hung and caught in with the deli
cate tasseled cords of white silk, t which
hold the net drapery.-.
The den, like the oln roan of Mother
Goose fame who was once abroad on a
"misty, molsty morning." Is all "clothed
In leather."
The D?n.
The furniture for this somewhat me
dieval looking room is all of special, dp
sign and is of English oak, in accord with
the woodwork.
The tapestry hangings at the doors and
windows repeat the fleur de lis motif in
blues and greens and give a beautiful
completeness to the decorative scheme.
This du!i blue in the rouph plaster
frieze above the wainsccating of oak has
old silver fleurs.de lis in plaster relief as
a border; and the gleam of silver corre
sponds with that of the plates and pitch
ers on the upper shelf of the buffet.
the living room is In direct contrast to
It. beiny white and gold .in its decoration
and furnished with satin brocaded furni
ture in delicate pinks ar.d greens. Across
a wide ha!l paneled in English oak. with
rough plastered walls of a rich, strong
mulberry red, is the dining room in Gobe
lin b!ue.
Of course the : first . requisite . of a " bed
room Is a certain daintiness which; if ab-'
"sent from the arrangement and 'treatment.
¦of. other rooms, -will : not be so grossly
missed. - A sleeping room may be '.fur-
" nished and decorated in : strong colors, or
In delicate tones,, but toobtain a satisfac
tory results , v these colors, must " bq kept
clear and fresh in treatment." " English
bedrooms are more: ; nearly - ideal; In ' ar-'
• rangement, f I ; believe, than: any, in- the;
world, for they combine -with , extreme*.
. neatness a certain coziness : which , Is real
ly luxury. This i3 ; because they use: ere-'
tonnes arid dimities in warn." bright 'tints
for .upholstering and and be
cause • they' are not afraid of •• footstools ¦
; arid lounging chairs as Americans'
\ seem ilia?:- be. i :¦'.: In certain :, : French coun- V
h^jMRn*nHBBHdHnMnraj
I find that disaster lies In many of the
friezes which are brought by the paper
hangers with their handsoment papers.
The design for the side .wall will be Rood
and in perfect taste, when* io! before your
astonished eyes they will unroll a hideous
frieze of great scrolls and hieroglyphics'
In dazzling colors strongly mixed with
gold. This, they tellyou, Is to outline the
ere? my pround work in which dewy roses
trail, which has touched your imagination.
At once your 'dream of delicate harmo
nies and restful beauty, vanishes. , If you
are to be confronted constantly with this
glaring mixture of strong colors and arbi
trary lines you will never be able to see,
anything else In the room,' and . you arc
tempted to give up the whole scheme. V
will tell you a way out of this. dilemma;
buy the frieze (as your. tradesman prob
ably tells you he will not sell youthe pa
per without it) and burn it. Hang your
side wall paper. to the picture mold, then;
select any color. contained. in your paper
that you fancy and color your ceill^ig
down to the ¦ picture mold In ( thls\ plain
color. This effect * In a bedroomi Is most
•beautiful and restful. In such aTroom the
most exquisitely delicate result can be ob
tained by having the woodwork painted
ivory white, with what is called an "egg
shell" finish. A higher : gloss-' giving. '•' an
enamel surface is also handsome. • Softly
finished, (that is, oiled, wax'ed and rubbed
down) light woods can ; be substituted;
however, If preferred. • .'
The windows have long curtains of the
same with shorter muslin ones beneath,
and the couches and wicker chairs am up
nolstered in thechintz. In such chambers,
heavy old-fashioned pieces of mahogany
furniture ara placed, on the chiffoniers
and bureaus, antique brass, or crystal
knobs glitter again amid congenial sur
roundincs-
A chintz which recalls the flays of our
pro.il-prandmothers has birds of Para
dise in the most brilliant hues of green
and scarlet flitting over it. Bedrooms
hurg In' these expensive cottons have
brass beds with half canopies- from which
quaint curtains of flowered chintz de
pend.
In bedroom furnishings it is the 'fad of
the moment to "revisit the glimpses" of
one hundred years ago. Large Hgured pa
pers, chintz as stiff as oil cloth andwith
a dazzling glaze upon it, gigantic roses
which are supposed to have first flowered
forth in the brain of the late William
Morris, wander in exquisite shades over
the cretonnes and' dimities.
Our Grandmothers' Bedchambers.
. Ktich one of the numerous bedchambers
in this house Is a confection of delicate
colors, and the contrast of this styje of
furnishing with the heavy and rich effects
on the ground floor is one of its chiefest
charms. . . -
silk, and a beautiful flowered cretonne for
tho upholstery of couch and window s-eat
assists by its design and coloring to bring
the blue and green together.
A Guest Chamber in Yellow.
AVhen.'I was introduced to it T adm'red
it so extravagantly that* the fair house
holder whose* happy, conception ! It was
at once gave me permission to publish its
beauty to. fhe world.
In the first p'aee v the wallpaper was a
dream, but a ; dream which, she informed
me, may. become a rrallty for any one.
who'. will: send to New York for it nnd pay
the {price, which,- by the way. Is not a
very extravagant' one. On an ivory-white,
ground yellow -i ose3," not quite so large as
cabbages, but the size of an ordinary let
tuce head, 'trailed \wlth spray-like green
stemsand delicate leaves'frbm the picture
molding to ; the. dado. v.Thls dado was -a
thing of beauty never to be forgotten, for
it represented a green : lattice-work,
through which, the roses clambered In;
and out," and gave . to : the j room the look
of being half a' garden and wholly en
chanting. The ceiling and frieze were- In
plain yellow, ¦ the ' picture molding in un
glazed ivory.whlte, as was the rest of. the
woodwork In -the room. • '
. The dressing' table and brass bed were
draped in sheer "white dimity— dimity as
fine and thlh as organdie; on the floor
was : an ' India matting, which; had been
stained a rich, soft yellow and then var
nished.' The wicker furniture was finished
in the Sams way, and the chairs: and
couch -.were' covered with .an -exquisite
chintz, which fairly . reproduced • the ' pat-'
tern of the" wallpaper." >_?*; ";¦'¦¦
: Being an artist in ceramics, she had ob
tained an effect . which {would .'; be denied
the ; ordinary, woman. . She had painted for
her washstand- and- again for her/dressing
tablo 'a porcelain set in roses, which <' were -
the" exact : counterpart : of r the ones onHha
paper.' ".'. J '. 4 ¦: ' '¦¦¦¦'¦ ',* -
But the crowning touch to: the room
was a trlumph'of that ."Infinite capacity
for taklng^palns". which savors of genius.
The ':. two * long.; French * windows,; which
opened; out on a balcony, had -for thei™
interior decoration; curtains of .dimity. At
the v top » of , each \ , of „ these windows '.' and
abpve the glass doors, agalriBt 4 whlch hung
the 5 white •curtains,'; . was ar stationary
panel of glass two feet high and the i width ;
of - the i window, ir Through ¦ this '¦¦.. showed
"clearly, a green lattice-work (exactly^ like
the one Ion the dado),: whichO was built on
the outside ! of ; the window at the ;top/'A
climbing yellow | rose (the | real thing .this
time) had been carefully/ trained 'over the
balcony,^ so" as to run' In •' a'nd'out ; through
this^lattice. • r ..' ¦ ,
:v- From? tbe inside of ; the • room the '- sun
try houses a hfeh mark of artistic furnish
ing and coloring' has" be9h reached, but
they have not attained the solid comfort
that should also be a feature.
A noticeable fault to the. American
woman is the utter ¦ absence of 'rocking
chairs. The Russians, who are said ,to
enjoy most fully the luxuries of. life, and
to remain indifferent to what we consider
the necessities, do not. evidently, consider
the dainty bed chamber as an essential
part of an establishment. The woes of ali
American woman who has rented a fur
nished house in St. Petersburg have been
related, and I think one of the hardest
things she had 'to endure was to find that
in a palace of a-ljouse where magnificent
paintings and superb Oriental rugs adorn
ed the walls of the salon, there was not
ore inhabitable bedroom., that the former
occupants had binpn In the habit; of sleep
ing on the couches and ri.-h ' rugs .' of the
lower floor and stufflncr their hair brushes,
combings,' etc., behind the tapestries. In
contrast to this poverty of comfort and
noauty I will deFcribe jone of the airiest
and daintiest bedrooms that. -It .has ever
been * my fortune to see. , It is* pcarcely
necesrary to add that it forms part of an
American home.
The deception Boom.
- The reception room which opens out of
The endeavor to subordinate . the vivid
green of the billiard table, which Is a
feature of this room, has resulted in . a
thoughtful shading and mingling of rich
tones which makes the room fairly pal
pitate with color and - yet lends It the
eoftened charm of an old Persian ruff.
The peculiar coloring of the curtains
adds much to the charm of the room and
Is evidence of artistic feeling In .the dec
orator. It is as beautiful as It Is unus
ual. A grayish figured net Is used in full,
straight scarfs against the glass and over
this Is hung mouse-colored velour— a
mouse color shot -with a i yellow light—
lined -with gold colored satin.>The tender
suggestion of gray melts charmingly into
the yellow and serves thoroughly to bring
out the reddish tones of the mahogany.
Thus, although the room Is exception
ally long and rather heavily furnished
with much mahogany, has dark polished
floors and a profusion of rich, dark Turk
ish rugs. It Is, owing to the disposition of
its windows and the perfect harmony of
glowing colors used in Its . decoration,
beautifully lighted and cheerfulto a de
gree.
The walls are covered with a "Morris"
paper of pumpkin yellow, unglazed, with
Irregular arabesques in velvety brown
scattered over It. The celling, finished in
rough plaster and heavily beamed, 'is
toned a deep, plain yellow; the woodwork
is old mahogany finish. •
The living room Is forty feet long and
Is finished at one end with an Immense
rounded bay window. An alcoved recess
oti the south side Is all of glass and holds
the tea. table and Its adjuncts. Three
windows run across the front or east side
and eliding doors are the excuse for
a wide arch into th« reception room at
this end.
The Living: Boom.
To proceed with my description. There
are effects in this house which will have
almost a startling novelty to some minds.
&s for Instance the mingling in one of
the bedrooms of seagreen with a soft and
delicate shade of old blue: the .Introduc
tion Into the living room . of the crass,
startling green of a billiard table: the
use of dark green silk sash curtains un
der white organdy, etc
Y HAVE recently been privileged to cx-
I amine a luxurious and most artistic
j ally conceived home, and, as I felt
JL that tbe taste displayed in its furnish
ing and decoration would be an in
spiration to others, I requested that I
might be allowed to describe it in det.iil
to rny readers. There are many people
•who have the money with which to buy
a beautiful home, but as they have natu
rally never made a study of effects in
housentting and furnishing they can
only phice themselves helplessly in the
hands of the professional deeorater. Alas,
the decorator's ideas may be utterly at
variance with lhe owner's Individual con
ception of what the interior of his house
should be. and the result is that he pays
for what he does not want. The decorator
possibly has worked for such and such a
successful firm for a number of years. Hi
has always trimmed his silken window
draperies with little tasseled fringes,
therefore he will continue so to trim
them. He has always hung: these draper
ies with a stiff interlining which lakes
all softness and natural fall from the
drapery, and shrugs his shoulders at the
ridiculous suggestion that the stuff should
t*e allowed to hang softly against tbe win
dow, lit* has never heard of introducing
e&tfe curtains in warm, bright Unts o(
Ihla MSUt «£aJRst th» lower half of tfc*
window under white lace or muslin. anJ,
ihrrtfun?, he eoofiV at *uch tin t»nu»va«
Uun, It tW* not m»Kt? any ditfcretu'e to
him ifcut this* *Uk will tone the light of iht»
lOvni t« a i*yf». tfoUciuu* yellow gluw, a
treey i»;«k. a preen which i* i*»<? *s»me
effect asi KunUcht pt&ytng through ew?n
tol!A3«t it ha* never been dime lit U;«
Ituuicn h* hs* urrangv-l ami. therefore 1 , it
pew will be.
It would probably not occur to him that
a window which h«* an objectionable oui
Idttk can bo mude Jb<? muut ttltracth'e OM
in the hecte liy veiling It with yellow »*ilk.
i.nd by Introdadhg over ihts « graceful
iron gtiiUwotk. over the upper half «"»'
tat-h. A sLetr across tin? b^Uoia of th<«
grill holding potivd plants with n«r>\ rtctt*
cate foliage ocrr.p'otcs most charmhiKly
t*n- upptr half of this objectionable w';i»
dow. and heavier plants on a wider shelf
at the sill xv'H al?"» catch th* miinfc suti-
I'pht which fal's through the yellow silk.
T r^reat that it i? improbable that he will
think of small devices which dn fo much
toward lendinp a cbarm to a home, bo
cause these iuea.s are much more likely
to eraamie from r.n Ingenious woman's
mind. The «nwtu>fi who wiU think out
thepe things for herself and who .is alto
ready to receive and assimilate sugges
tions can afford to dispense with the ex
pensive an<l arbitrary vaste of others and
Fhe will in this way throw off the stiffness
¦uhich envelops like a pall many hand-
FOTPelv furnished rooms. If artists would
lend themselves to this work of benutjfy-
Jrp interiors, as Raphael and Michael
"Angelo' did with their cartoons for tapes
tries and their mural paintings, ah. then
we would have homes to charm the eye
and the senses. But men of genius who
have made a life study of the effects of
lights and shades, of backgrounds, of the
necessary prominence of certain shapes
to give character to an arrangement can
not afford to expend themselves on house
decorations. However, we can profit by
what they teach us. A woman who is
beautifying her home can make a study
for herself of these things and she will
feel amply repaid for her work by the
'beauty she will create around her. Tho
woman who really means to have an artis
tic home will not permit the folds of her
¦window draperies to be festooned with
mathematical precision in exact Imitation
of the time-honored drapery on hearses.
Finicky, little tasseled fringes will grate
on her nerves, and although most of the
drapery In the conservative, elegant, old
homes of her friends Is so decorated, she
will have none of them. She will not
think of having knotted rope portieres
suggest In her rooms a sleeping or a parlor
car, but ehe will shake off all tradition
and work things out on artistic lines for
herself.
5
*-;.¦>
THE HOUSE BEAUTIFULlight ? that is the craze of the moment.
One's fancy -may run riot. In choosing the
colors . and; the patterns, for there is
i ¦ . ¦¦-¦ ' ' f* e s-««ep«as< ¦ ••vs*&i^
everything that anybody could at their
wildest; moments imagine. Great
sprawl^ r. roses " in*, pink . and ; blues;
Altotrrther there are seven eggs, on the
test cf which is inscribed. In very minute
characters, a/ full account of the resur
rection. < ; - : ,
An anonymous admirer once sent a for
mer President of th« French republic a
somewhat curious Easter egg. It wa3 de
livered carefully packed, and being
marked "private" the package was
opened, by the President himself.
But an ominous sound of ticking inside
conjured up visions of infernal machines,
and as speedily as possible the alarming
package was placed. Just as it was, in a
bucket full of water. After: it had re
mained submerged for some time it was
taken in hand by an expert of the Police
Department. On proceeding to . open the
egg this official found inside it nothing In
the nature of an explosive, but a very
handsome gold watch.
Several. years ago a New York lady re
ceived through the post a beautiful choco
late, Easter egg. She was actually golnc
to eat It when her, sweetheart,- a young
doctor, was announced.. She showed him
the egg and inquired if he had sent it
which he denied. Not liking the look of
the egg he asked to be allowed to take
it away with him. A few houra later he
returned with the startling . information
that it contained sufficient poison to kill
half a dozen people! ' • • ' ¦. • ¦
An Easter egg. of a very different type
vas presented to . another American jdam 7 .
His Holiness wa«s once made the recipi
ent of a sfJH more remarkable eg-g. It
¦was made and forwarded to him by a
devout Catholic peasant in Switzerland.
The outer shell, which is made of beau
tiful p©!lsh«?d cedar wood, divides Into two
|ilw M~11T liM form but the covering for
another egg, on the outside of which is
carved the word "Pax," signifying peace.
This inner V.rs also opens, disclosing to
view yet another, bearing a' Latin Inscrip
tion mer-fting "He Is Risen." That like
wise opens, only to reveal a fourth egg.
which, is inscribed with an appropriate
scriptural
EXTRAORDINARY WTSR-WS .
OICE of the most valuable of Kafiter
eggs Is 6alfl to be received by the
Pope ercry yfar. The shell is
formed of two pieces of the most
beautiful ivory. In the center of the yolk.
¦which Js made of the finest' gold, is a
magnificent ruby, surrounded by spark
ling diamonds. S-'-T : > *
eel. She was engaged to the, only .son of
a Chicago millionaire, who- wished to
make her a present, novel as well as
costly. Ho therefore instructed hl*» jewel
ers to makVan ess- of the finest gold.' on
which a figure of Cupid was beautifully
chased, as well 'as the Initials of the in
tended recipient.
The Interior formed a charming little
jewel case, and fngcnlou«?'y fitted in.lt
were a lovely diamond ring, a tiara set
with diamonds and -other precious stones
nnd a bracelet'In two pieces, glistening
with equally costly gems.. The eggand
c-ontents cost between three and four
thousand pounds, so the maiden might
voll co into raptures over it,., .;
But the record egg— at v »hy rate in point
of pizo — was made by Messrs. • Buszard,
the famous confectyiners of Oxford street.
It was made to tha order of a South'Afri
can millionaire, ana was composed entire
ly of chocolate.
This eoloseal egg was 9 feet high and
consequently 18 feet round at its greatest
circumference. It w;s as much as seven
.men could comfortably lift, and one-half
of it afforded more thari sufficient space
for a man to "stand upright in.
limitation upon the validity of any
voucher which represents cash as to its
presentation. Even a note payable with
out date is barred by the statute of lim
itations in the various States.
"There Js to-day an accumulation of
over $2,500,000 in the treasury of these un
claimed money orders which has been
gradually piling up year after year during
the , thirty-five years the Government has
b««n conducting a money order business.
. "The Government has issued $4,000,000,006
In money orders, and has paid every cent
of this great- sum except the J2.50O.00O I
have mentioned. A single order may bo
issued up to $100 in amount, and the aver
age is about $7 50. the smaller offices Issu
ing the great bulk of orders and the larger
ofhees cashing 95 per cent of them.
"Traveling men. actors, circus men.
railroad employes and others, whose busi
ness require^ them to move from place to
place, are very fond of buying orders pay
able to themselves. They cannot spend an
order as a bill, and as no one'but them
selves . or the indorsees may secure the
amount, of the orders they are ju3t that
much ahead when they get Into the next
town, making themselves their own bank
ers with the Government as a depository.
Sometimes an actor or a circus man will
present a dozen orders at the close of the
season which he has bought from time to
time, and their amount represents savings
which otherwise would have been spent."
'— Washington Star. . . S|H
is turned Into the treasury, where It Is
held in trust, as it were, to meet these
obligations. The. Government has no de
sire to claim or confiscate this money, and.
it will pay it3 obligations in the form of a
money prder at any time upon presenta
tion upon satisfying itself in the Instance
of a long lapse of years that there has
been no previous payment by duplicate or
otherwise. In Great Britain. I believe,
this money becomes forfeited to the Gov
ernment after a certain number of years —
four, I think. The British .Government
evidently proceeds *Upon the theory that
if a holder of a money order or the sender
does not seek to cash the order within a
reasonable time the Government can put It
to . good advantage by applying the
amount to its own use. Such a practice
undoubtedly facilitates the business of
the government's end of the contract and
Is strictly, legal If authorized by law. In
pearly all money transactions there la a
MPNSY WITHOUT $m OWNER.
WHAT becomes of all the money
orders which are never present
ed for payment?" asked a Wash-'
lngton business man of a postal
official. "Every few days we receive let
ters fr.om our customers saying that they
huve forwarded orders for goods, but the
orders have never reached our hands.
And this is true of a very large mail or
der house in Washington."
"They disappear In various ways," was
the reply. "Some are burned or torn up
instead of the' receipts and this Is particu
larly true^ of International money -orders
where the\ receipts are of the same size
of -the order, only , white in color. Some
are" sent in letters which are not ad
dressed at all or are incorrectly addressed,
and these, together; with* thousands of
other, orders, find their. way to the Dead
Letter Office. Ultimately most; of these
letters | find the!r way back to ; the remit-
I ters or duplicates are applied '-tor.- '
?The ¦ British Government utilizes as * a
source of postal revenue all of the money
in its hands which is not paid out to meet
money "orders" upon presentation' and de
rives about ?50,000 annually therefrom. Our
Government does not attempt to derive
any profit from this source, and the money
Skill and judgment are called for In the
selection of some of the new and freakish
shades. The easiest made is the chimney
pot shape and it is still very much ad
mired. A conventional pattern Is painted
on it and gives a charming effect. It
doesn't eternally remind one of hours of
toil with a ; needle, silk and patience. \
And that Is reminf,pcent\ of something
else. Half the dainty lamps are painted
china with globes that match to a nicety
in design and color. . They I are built in
all kinds of shapes". They -scoop in here
and bulge out there; some are stout and
others can hardly, hold themselves up
but. all manage to give the soft; mellow .
This year the rose petal shades are as
big as a good-sized balloon, and aro ever
so much prettier than the old styled um
brella shapes of a few years ago. V "¦
A shade made of overlapping- rows of
stlken petals is most lively in rooms fur
nished in pale colors. One of yellow goes
In a room done up In creamy tints with
now. and then a touch, of crimson and
green, and another of rose color should be
in a reception-rom fitted up af ter . the
Louis ¦ Qainze period.
And then there are out and out freak
shari<?s that make novelty hunters go into
raptures. The leather ones over colored
silk are the prettiest, and don't attract
quite so much attention as the hat or the
tinted cardboards. Only undressed kid Is
used, and the most popular shades are a
Havana brown and gray, although all
suede colors are used more or less. A
There are all kinds of candlesticks and
swinging lanterns that come In wrought
Iron, in 'brass, china and bronze. All
sorts of fancy candles are made to cor-
Yespond. but they are merely an excuse
for a light. The lanterns burn incenso
quite as often as anything else, and are
suspended from all sorts of unexpected
places.
chrysanthemums In a dozen different
shades, figures and heads and even pro
cessions.
The lamps which hold these queer look
ing shades are all tall and graceful and a
collection looks very much Ilka a garden
party. Nobody looking at them would
be the least bit surprised to see them all
begin to bow amiably at nothing and no
body In particular.
But the funniest looking of all are the
hat shades. When one gets over the sur
prise at seeing a garden hat topping off
a lamp, the spinal column suddenly gets
weak, for they are the worst kind of fire
traps. . They are made in various styles,
but yellow and red are the' nobbiest- A
yellow straw, with a big bow on on© side
and a garland of poppies trailing over the
brim, rivals a white straw with pink
roses, . forming a cascade all around the.
edge, and finished with a bow of pink
satin ribbon.
fringe of the kid makes a ; pretty finish,
but keeps one guessing as to its safety.
Silk shades are always more beautiful
and far more graceful than .any metal,
porcelain or painted cardboard that can
be imagined.
One of the prettiest lamps of the season
Is a queer shaped metal bowl held in place
by sealion heads. The- shade is a pink
with a Roman procession marching along
In a soft yellow. Another fancy metal
bowl possesses a lily globe. ! The two
colors are a soft red for a background and
a very light pink flower. When' that com
bination of colors Is pretty, it Is very
pretty, and in a globe it sheds a rosy,
cheerful light.
The Tiffany glass shades are dreams of
iridescent colors. On account of the price
they often remain dreams, too. "Fortu
nately they are heavy enough to stand
rather rough handling, and their numer
ous colors blend beautifully v/ith any'
room. globes set with great piece?
of colored glass are very striking, al
though they are apt to suggest a cathedral
window with the sun struggling to get
through.
and gives exactly the same effect thaf
the metal fringe does.
"Y AMPS are oopslne ti-to ft- -or again.
I _ If your grandmother's queer, old
17 fashioned little ray-shedder is
•*""» stowed away in the attic, brush the
cobwebs off and put It en the cen
ter of the very best table where it will
chow.
Women have discovered that nothing
makes a room fo attractive as a stunning
lamp shade— unless it Is half a dozen lamp
shades. That's the reason why the dis
carded lamp has come into popularity
again.
The woman who is wise always selects
a faintly colored shade for her boudoir.
The light, filtered through delicate tints,
gives a wonderful charm %o the complex
ion. More time is being devoted to colors
nowadays, as It means so much.
There are lamps and lamps. The con
servatory lamp and the shade are an in
stitution in themselves. Then there is the
drawing-room lamp, which is covered, and
the library lamp with its green shade.
There are hall lamps and lamps for dens
and lamps for reception-rooms, and, in
fact, lamps for every conceivable corner
of the house.
The shades are as numerous and as
handsome as the lamps. Any woman who
has only a plain porcelain shade can dress
It up in such a fashion that it will - not
remind everybody of the ark. One can
buy a dingle-dangle metal fringe and slip
It over the plain pink, green or white and
hardly recognize the underneath. The
newest lamps, made of Damascus candle
sticks or of beaten brass, have shades of
metal lined with various colored muslin.
The color shows faintly through the metal
THE SUNDAY CALL. ;
D^r^r^
T HIS Is the period of the spring veg
etable, and few persons realize how
much the delights of the season may
be increased by additional care in
the preparation of those -foods, which are
never quite so good as they are just at
this period. Possibly: the peas nowin the
market have >. greater delicacy of taste
than any other springtime product, and
they are. at least regarded along with the
spring lamb as the "gastronomic symbo) of
the early summer months.
The French, who are proverbially cap
able of adding a delicate foreign) taste to
vegetables without' destroying, their; own
flavor, cook peas in a v manner that has,
never been generally, adopted here." The'
average American housewife would shu4-
der at the thought of combining onions
with the savory peas, but the
Franch cooks do~ that,' and the : result is
better than the American ¦. prejudiced
against the onion, in- nearly, every form
would care to admit. .. This /process ..{; of
cooking peas combines also "with the onion
th e outside leaves of a head of lettuce.
The peas are inclosed- in 'these, and into
the center of them is put one small spring
oniony when they, are served :th,e .com
bined flavor of the .lettuce and the onion
asserts itself but in no way
destroys the natural taste of the peas.
That flavor seems, indeed, to be .•empha
sized by the combination with the other
vegetables.^^^^^^^^|^^^^^^t;
"•The Pole's have a way of cooking asDar-
agus that occasionally appears , on :'¦ the
New York bills of fare, although the" pro
cess rarely, represents', the . genuine foreign
method. • "Asparagus is boiled in the lusual
way, but sprinkled after.it has been put
on the plate with finely grated; toast. The
originators of this dish use a kind of toast
that more i accurately • tqi the
New. .-York ; idea ¦ of 'zwieback. After ' this
has been" grated on the . green ends of , the
vegetable,'-, the. ' : drawn ; butter is ',• poured
over it,, and the flavor of the 'bread adds
a spice- to^the' natural taste of -the vege
table. Another Polish 'peculiarity of serv
ing asparagus appears when : it -is- eaten
cold. . Thenj the French ¦. dressing • is made,
not with' oil. but; rich cream, • arid' this* is
an acreeable variety twhen asparacus ; is
served as a salad.. ¦ ;
" •;•' Even the commonplace spinach Is capa
ble of a treatment that rhakeVit very dif
ferent from | the-mushy, gritty dish' com
monly: served. .The French: and English
are the two common terms in description
of = the 'ordinary .way. of serving spinach,
hut certainly cither of them is a libel on
the nation.;. What is known as, the 'French
method produces a pulpy mass'of chopped
up green leaves. .As that fashion is , fol
lowed' here, -nothing could more' Success
fully "deprive the ' vegetable of all taste
and ' flavor. - ",- / ¦;':, .'-..; ; ; . .".-.'"
The cook who prepares the; leaves in
this ;, way/ regards .it* as a particular "deli
cacy and. a sign of , unusual '¦ facility, in ' her
occupation.-!] Shells usually, so weli.'satis-
W:". ¦'.'¦-:. ' '•-¦:¦ . '¦ ' .:' 'i.' -.•"•'•¦ : .¦'¦'
fled with this accomplishment that she
rarely takes the precaution to wash the
sand and dust out of the leaves. Preten
tious bungling could not go further than
this preparation of. spinach, which de
stroys the real qualities of the food.
The English^ method is that which serves
the leaves whole and in this way pre
serves more of i he taste and really makes
tne vc 6etab!e worth eating. ' It of course
requires the preliminary care in cleansing
the leaves of all foreign substances which
few cooks: are;! willing^ to take. - This
method of cooking spinach can be made
very, much better ; by the addition of the
inevitable - spring onion,", 'which '-'¦ asserts
itself very modestly. and seems.' as in the
case of * the ' peas.r to .bring out , the '¦ best
Quality of .the original vegetable.
6
LAMPS OF FANCIFUL DESIGN
ARE IN FAVOR NOW' "Impossible. Mrs. Carter's success,' for
; instance— it. was born'in her. : When I. first
' met .'her. 1 ; after, five; minutes' 'conversation
• I_niade : up my mind- that. I ; was; in\.the
.presence of an exceptional,' rare 'creature
¦ ¦ •-._•¦ ¦¦¦¦ .¦',-:•¦¦ i.i'Vii-'-yvi ;•»-.-
','It ia generally believed that "you are a'
port* of dramatic ' Ca'gllostro; -thatyour
magic 'can • rnake of crude material* theat
rical miracles," I said. . '
;." "Not when a play is ruinous to the'aii^
thor's" ¦ reputation, as it frequently must
:be."V;^:; -"*; ' ¦" ' ' ' ' ¦ ' . % .
. "Then we shall get back. to. a .system
w.hereby the dramatist lived by the work
of his own.bralns.instead'of 'dlgging'the*
! novelist's with a pair, of "scissors?"
* "Original plays will bring about a treoty
of; peace between: managers, -publishers,
authors' arid audiences," -said Mri 3elasc'o.
"Of course, for. the time being.- Man
agers are forced to put on these dramatiz
ations by, the, great reading public, but
there is one man who will stop these dra
matic makeshifts,, and that is the pub
lisher.V ;': ; ..-?'.;• '. ' ' .' ¦ ,.- . .' ;
."But the publisher's profits are large!"
"Yet it draws!"
¦ "But t the stock; dramatist Is btjsy to-,
day with the dramatized novel." " r
. "I know, but he's quite a different breed.
Those- old" playsyof former, years will livo
and are still going the rounds in theaters
all; over the country,. but the dramatized
novel] is a mistake fit Is ephemeral; .it' is
generally a disgrace. to the novel, because
it is done too hurriedly."
TJrarnatized Npvel a Mistake.
usea torun.on tuTrisw, and see 'Frou-
Frou, 1 for Instance, or 'East Lynne,' or
•Aurora Floyd,' and write a version In a .
week. Then I drifted to the Baldwin
Theater, where, we. put on two plays a
week with a cast that have since became
traveling stars. Those were the days of
the .stock .dramatist; poor Cazauran.was
the' last of the lot."
The following interesting figures have
been compiled by the French newspaper,
L'Aviron: Of members, of nautical soci
eties there are in France 6000: Germany;*
7.000: England. 8D.0C0. Fencing— France.
25.000; Germany, 20.000: England, "5000.
Athletic clubs, football, # tennis, etc—
France, 50,000; Germany. 10,000: England.
600.000. Gymnastics— France. 41.265: Ger
many, ' 554.757; England, 5000. Cyclist*—
France. • 475.000; Germany, 200,000, and
England. 180.CC0.
VHowfdidyou become a "play wrlsht.?"
'."Ijust driftedirito it. .' I "was brought up
in 'the theater, you know, and riiy'cager
ness^to'learn every 1 ' department f bf it; so:?ri
: made me useful, v I became stage ' manager
of a small traveling company ln.the Wost.'^
These i were '• the days when' '.we : couidri't
'afford ¦ the , luxury^of ¦ rnanuscripts. v and 'I
"i >J '«.>•' . ' ¦
15 "I've never clone that. I'm dreadfully
superstitious. to this day.' I never pass a
nail or'a piece of coal or a hormeshoe.". Ho
divod into r a vase, 'on the -mantqiplei;.?.'
"Here, I've got'nails I : picked -up; in Lon
dqn, even; nothing wou'd Jnduce me to
part with them.". , •' '
"No, no; "not that," he said, a radiant
light. of life in his eyes; "there is a gieat
deal , of the woman In jne. " I used to havo
great fear, of death. It was, all I could
do to pass an undertaker's shop, and yet 1
when I saw a crowd inside, in spite of my
fear. I : " would' be : drawn there, and the
first "thing. I knew "¦ I; would .'find; myself
standing close - to that body,- watching It
with morbid interest.",
-."You conquered superstition?'' •- - ,
"Youiwere sensational?"
' "What . was .the first play you . ever
wrote?" -¦ , ,
"'Jim Black, or the Regulator's Re
venge." I' was only_ 14, and it was .pro
duced at Mozart Hall in Sari Francisco*
Those were, the days when I. was feeling
a way in the world.' I must have been a
very morbid,- romantic boy. I;used to,
spend iriost of my time.in Chinatown or
at the Morgue. I always went out "of
my way to see the body of some one who
had met a" violent death, and it. was not
unusual in those days. I was particular
ly-interested in observing the- different,
symptoms of death by ' different- poisons,
like arsenic or strychnine, noting the vari
ous contortions of face arid limbs."
An ¦ Early Offense.
actual emotion required.. for a terse mo
ment. -.TVhen I 'am at work on a play, •]
am,"byturns,*a saint, a .' villain, a mother,
a courtesan, a king, j a beggar, • Fre
quently, when -I read .what I have said
under the influence of acting ,out a scene,
I -am afraid tp" change r a. v/orcl in it, be
lieving finally In the expression of a first
impulse.'' The difference in very; clear to
an audience betwen a literary j-entence in
a play, and an acting sentence." „
ued, amused at the mystery it seemed to
be but was not. ;
Handwriting on. the Wall.
"You see, every character in th<» play
has his or her SDaee on the wall, and In
that space belongs every detail connected
with the development of that character."
He dug his hands deep in the pockets ofj
his dressing gown and looked around com
fortably at the latent- personalities care
lessly inscribed about him.
"How many acts have you here?" I
asked, scanning the walls where they
were stretched In chaotic mystery.
"Five .acts — there they are, arid I can
tell at a moment's glance whether these
people are going to act well or not," he
said, apparently seeing them in mask and
gown arrayed before him.
"So this is the way you construct a
Play?"
"This is one way, the way I work on an
absolutely original play."
"And the writing of it is gathered from
these scraps on the wall?"
"The writing of it— well, it is far from
any literary method." V\'
"Is not handwriting literature?"
"Let me explain myself," he said,; and
moving rapidly to his accustomed position
behind the desk he leaned on.it and cbn-
tinued: ',
"For instance, I am at work on .the
prison scene in the fifth act "of my Play,
There It is, over there," lie said/ seizing
his pen nervously arid pointing it straight*:.
out before him. Following the direction!, "
indicated I,saw, only, curtains,:-a' mantel-
piece, a bookcase,'a portrait of Leslie Car- ;
[t*j?MBE*|89|
.'¦-'.. .¦.•¦..- -". ¦ ' ¦ ¦ ¦ - - - * . ¦ ¦
lines^of every character in my play/
imagining the pressure put upon them by
given situations." .
'.'And so the. lines are written."
"A stenographer will-be ;in the rooiri
with me, and'.as I work but' a:: scene';I
ignore"his presence, and he reports.what
I do and say. You see, ;a; literary sen-
Jence would lack the vivid impulse, iho
:as they might occur :. to "a woman con
demned to death. V.: '.
• "Is that '.- the -way you' conceive your
scenc3?"
"I live ; them. I breathe the Individual
"AVhere Js that prison scene?" I asked.
He hurried round from behind his desk
with the quick enthusiasm of a child bent
on being clearly understood, arid tapping
n. sheet of paper on which was scrawled'
a much altered diagram, he said pa
tiently: •
"There, there Is my prison scene!"
"I understand," and he walked rapidly
back to his desk,"- his eyes nxed before,
him, as he went on:
"Very well. Now there is a woman there I
who is In great distress... She is in prison."
He paused, h'.s Jiand. crept instinctively
to his lips, already 'tremulous with the
emotion of her situation. . . f •
"Some one is trying to comfort her. He
says'to her, 'Now be brave, take courage,
be brave.' ." "He. passed the back of hla
hand over, his forehead and I saw the
woman's agony of mind in his face. /"*
He Lives the Parts.
"1 will! I will!'' he went on, living in the
mind and soul of the woman for the mo-,
ment, his voice suggesting her emotions,
"but It Is so hard to die: life is so beauti
ful; I can't die. I don't want to die!" .
He sank* into a ichair as a woman would
In terror, limp, without form or fashion.
'VTake courage! All will be well;.- be
brave!'" and she answered him with ah
effort at strength that was; clearly Blmu- :
Jated. 'I will be brave. I will try; but
I want -to live. See how cold my hands:
a re!.., Oh, I cannot, you must not let m»
die!* "—Then she burled her" face in her
hands— thatis to say. Belasco' did all this,
and as he Fat up In the'ehair he seemed
choked with the emotional; effort to real
ize the situation. .
It was not the words he had relied on
for effect, but upon accurate ' "sensations
"Magnetism!" he repeated, as he seemed
to lcok lntvard for a definition of his
meaning. "Who can describe magnetism?
It Is discovered, not made. may betray
Itself- in the sweetness of voice, in the
loqk of the ey.?. in a smile, in an abrupt
gesture. For instance." think of Adelaide
Neilson. She was like a blood-red rose,
pulsating vrith life, feeling, passion; a
complete expression of all that is inspira
tional in art." '
"She was beautiful!"
"Not in repose," said Belarco. radiant
in the vision of her remembered presence. •
Then he said suddenly: "And look at Sir
Henry Irving— eccentric, almost awk
ward. "Watch him when he stalks across
the stage. -hear his weird peculiarities of
delivery, and yet dees. there live a man
with greater magnetism? His very-man
nerisms appeal in harmony . to all the
senses." ¦ '
"If mere beauty is unnecessary in wo
.inaii for the stage, what should her face
describe V
/.."She must have a face that can and
does depict . emotions. Why, I have, seen
all the emotional depths- of .a woman's
soul In a. fleetinr smile."
"Is there any standard of proportions?"
"I" prefer slender women for the stage;
they are usually more facile and lithe
vrith srace." '
"Should she be highly. educated?"
. "The true artist possesses a native cul-
'.. '¦:¦ ¦ ' '
• in temperament' and vital art. j've seen
a great many debuts, but Mrs. Carter
mage the greatest debut 1 ever saw."
"What do you look for first in a woman
who aspires to tlie.stage?" '
"Temperament, above all things; tem
perament." - .: . •
"Not beauty?" *
""No-no; oh-no!" he'faid vehemently,
waving . aside a veritable • plethora of
beautiful women in " vigorous gesture.
"Not beauty; not presence. When a'wo
man is very beautiful, so that her feat
ures are classic, she has never felt any
great emotion; e\*en as "a. child she had
no heart." - £
"She must have magnetism," I sug
gested. . : ;
"It looks like interminable disorder."
It was quite comprehensible when he ex
plained it.
"It is all In order, though," he ccntin-
"Thisjs the beginning of my new play,"
he said*, indicating the scraps of paper
pinned loosely on the draperies on ¦ the
vraJis; some high up. near the cornice,
others near the floor. ~"A. complicated
ma rescript." I said. Imperfectly decipher
ing a note here and there. . +
"These are just notes that occur to me,
bearing upon every phase and feature of
the play."
evil.
It is 'the same enthusiasm of daring re
search that has incurred the world's obft
pation to scientists and artists who spend
their lives in digging for new discoveries.
Tn reaching for a. sheet of* paper on his
desk I knocked oVer a hottle of smelling
Falts. for In the course of working out a
scwie. a. dramatic situation, he will attain
such a pitch of excitement that he liter
ally faints and needs some reviving stim
ulant at hand.
There is no space in his workshop for
any elegancies of fashion. The room is
alive with the labor of Impressions, has
tily scrawled on loose scraps of paper and
pinned in every conceivable corner, high
and low. Two desks, raised high enough
for the writer to work at. them standing,
are placed at opposite angles, and be
tween the two Belasco moves about rest
lessly, jotting down an idea at one of
these and, having crossed the room, using
the other one likewise-
rebellion existing in theatrical conditions
against art being left behind in the tur
moil of New Tork.
Suggestions of Emotionalism.
His face is remarkable for the countless
suggestions of emotionalism in it. It
bears out the promise of all those ewlft
subtleties of expression that I have Been
in the faces of great emotional actresses,
¦without any direct resemblance to any
woman I can think of.
While there is the predominant stamp
of tenderness in his face, there is also the
remorseless cunning of the man who
would risk any danger to find out, the
latent truths of human passions, good and
head hlghV he is erect, at ease, all the
laden with dramatic pecrets. he holds l.fs
ppnius of any man is the survival of the
feminine soul In him."
I recall the anecdote, for symbolic pur
pose*, in fippreaching the personality of*
man who presents most vividly its po-r-.
tonal truth* Nearly all the arts when
symbolized in heroic figures are women in
form, for artistic men confess a difference
from the rest of the world In the!r alliance
to the k<*pn emotions aK<i willful imagi
nations of women.
The vita! snark in any wnrk of art !s not
a pbVtrfeitf strength, hut » power bred 5n
the Fpirit. since idoj»!s» are molded, not
in the transient lifetime of one man. but
in the transit of evertestfhs life.
\V> all know that David Belasco !s nn
pxnrrt playv.-riKht. that he has ran-!/
fa!Jfd to develop h!s rtaze pictures to a
f;irerr\r-?t excellence of theatrical- art: but
of h;s imirr.nt** perrcnaMtr. of the mherent
qualities in the man. of his actual artistic
resources, little, if anythirg, is known by
the general public.
His innate spns'tivness toward any
intnnate approach of the strarsser and his
abstraction of all things not imirediat^'y
bearing upon the work in hand have mad-;
him all but inaccessible to the Interviewer.
He darts into the theater where a play
of his may be running with the manner of
a man who Is being pursued, and before
any one can buttonhole him he vanishes
through a secret door leading to a mana
jrerial sanctum and is immediately sur
rounded by his henchmen.
His guardian. "Ben" Roeder. Is ever on
the alert to throw the curious off the
scent, knowing Belasco's extreme sensi
tiveness. There are some people who at
tempt to explain this peculiarity In vari
ous -ways. agreeably and other-wise, but it
is as rr.ueh an instinct of his nature, ami
quite as uncontrollable, as his ehort. rapM
palt along 1 the street or his Indifference to
the dilettantism of modem dress. '
It was In his workshop at Echo Lak<j
that I learned to understand the reasons
for this shrinking attitude, that I was en
abled to measure the true value* of the
man.
In his own atmosphere, where the air la
*7"f GREAT painter of world-nide ee.^
f_\ rity was" commissioned to paint a
I I pScture- descriptive of Genius, and
I he produced a portrait ; of his
mother. She was a very estimable
old la<J:.\ but unknown to fame, save In
her relationship to the celebrated artJst.
•"\Vn3r do you call the picture 'Genius'?'*
Vie vac asked.
"Pecanse." he said. "I contend that the
He leaned his head on his hand and de
scribed how the subtleties of human na
ture receive the touch of life on the stage.
"There are changing ¦ expressions of
emotion that occur differently under dif
ferent circumstances," he said, slowly.
"For instance. If a man receives news
of the loss of his mother, how will he ex
press it? Is he a stoic, a tender nature,
an emotional nature? "Will he receive the
news with tears or with rigid lines of pain
In his face? Or. he has lost hia wife —
there will be a difference in expression
according to the. relationship. A sweet
heart will express the loss of the man she
loves more poignantly than if he were her
husband and they had been married
awhile." : .'K*'?~'i '-"..'¦
"And how have_ you gathered accuracy
In these sacred emotions?" I asked.
"I have watched and followed, and
squeezed my way in at solemn moments
in the lives of men and women."
"For the sake of art?"
"Because I have an Insatiable curiosity,
a profound sympathy with life. life, life!"
he said, looking fixedly at me, his hand
buried in his hair, his head bowed low In
a pose of concentrated purpose.
There is a deep significance In the pro
cess, when it is freely told, of artistic
expression,.
. To the layman it has the significance of
the tremendous possibilities of human en
joyment in the hidden springs of his own
nature.
To the artist it has the greater signifi
cance of professional ambition, for it
stimulates and reawakens the deep mur
mur In his soul that grumbles or an ou:
let. for a voice.
Belasco described the Infallible Intut
tlon'of the artist when he said: "Because
I have a profound sympathy with life',
life, life!" ""V: PENDENNIS..
Studying Every -Detail.
"And what are the last touches?"
thing. It possesses the vitality of a grey
hound, sleepy in manner, storing It* pow
ers for the highest leap. It may collapse
after a great effort, but a moment's rest,
the sound of applause, and the artist is
up. refreshed, renovated, stronger than
eVer. The expression of work is food to
artists; they fatten on It. The artlstlo
temperament is like a flower, lifting Its
tired head at the first grateful morning
dew/' *
"Then your work on v a play ia all Im
pulse, emotional expression?" •
"I don't v know. Tou have seen how I
work out a scene: but before I reach that
point there^ is the outline to decide upon.
I am very careful to obtain correct In
formation. "When writing "Men and Wo
men' I spent a great deal of time with
Mr. Case, the cashier of the Second Na
tional Bank. He allowed me to be pres
ent at a directors* meeting. Then I rea-1
my play to him. when it was written, for
fear I might have been Inaccurate In
fart. . I read everything bearing upon a
pfffcject I am writing, sometimes boiling
down the Information of a book Into ten
Unes of dialogue. I usually arrange five
manuscripts before I decide on the acting
version, and then when I get my people
on the stage I study their peculiarities
ard alter whole scenes, dictating to each
actor the new lines as- they occur to me."
ture that mere superficial education does
not disturb. Honesty, gentleness, humanr
ity are Qualities born in the artist and
combine to create magnetism."
"What distinctive quality -attracts yott
most in women who seek stage fame?"
"Voice! A woman's .voice must be In
harmony with her face, almost one In
dramatic influence, inseparable by sug
gestion, the one from the other.'t ;
"And she must have imagination?"
"Imagination is the master of tempera
ment, the • spur to all passion and feel-
Ing 1 . There are many women with ¦ dor
mant imagirations to whom the stage 13
a great awaVening of their souls."
' "There must, be great physical endur
ance also?"
"The artistic constitution is a stranga
7
THE \S1jNDA.Y : ; - GALIi.,.; /¦
MR DAVID BELASCO SAYS: I HAVE A PROFOUND
SYMPATHY WITH
LIFE! LIFE! LIFE!
SEleetrb- Vapor Launches
111 for Pleastire or Business
KMHh Light, but strong Racine launches, from 15 to 3 5 feet in length, • WTH
YgR& capable of carrying from 8 to 30 persons, or 1,000 to 4,000 lbs. gpsa
'Egy Speed from 6 to 10 miles an hour. %
W Just the thing for hunting, fishing, pleasure; business, carrying W
M mail, ¦ passengers, etc. So simply arranged and constructed anyone fcj
M can run them. Motive power : electro- vapor ; requires' but small g
El space- — no heat, smoke, soot, noise or grease. No engineer, pilot or ' S
S* government license necessary. A perfect boat, free from complica-
B dons and care. Absolutely^ saf^ and reliable. Draws from 12 to,', fig
II 29 inches of water and costs from $ 1 8 5 . 00 up. ' ra
H Send ioc in stamps for 80 page catalogue beautifully illustrated. j||
§1 lCo"W Boats m all sizes and most thoroughly constructed, ||
" HI also catalogued— priced as low as J47.50. Sg|
1 D AltER (S. H AMILT ON I
*'*" Kfl San Francisco, Sacramento, L< s Jir.gelcs and ACetv York
""'¦'Hj'' ; - ,'Factoryi' Cenlda, California •'".;-• g8Jour Ear, Not Your Stomach, Is to Blame for Seasickness
g-N> -ABn.A.wjbss,. tnat woerul malady
VSs =n which first makes ,the sufferer afraid
d^_J) he is going to die, and later .inspires
_ him with terror -for; fear, ''be; .-won't
die, is an annoyance which brings a shud
der to the man or, woman who ' coritein-,
plates gping anyv/hcre by waterJ-' Nearly
everybody : knows > what ¦ seasickness is. -¦ It
is no respecter . of." persons, but attacks
the high and the' lowly, the ? rich and the
poor/ ; , ; .--.v; -
All kinds of ameliorating agents -are
sought and resorted to .with reiigious Xer
vency to , quell, the qualm * in 'che: epigas
trium, but without avail. Lemons; lhnes
and all kinds of acids are used to still/the
cyclone: going on in the; stomach/ In the
agony v/hicn follows an: attack! of sea
sickness any promise can be exacted ; of a
victim. in return for immediatn reiiof. And
yet the stomat-h is not to bJame.VNine oat
of ten peojj.e will: declare the seat of sta
sickness to be the stomach. If one should
tell a man who had been through ' the or
deal that the seat of the trouble is»not in
the stomach , but in the ear,; the integrity
of ; his mental processes | would be serious
ly questioned." .The ex-victim .would prub
ably regard himself as a past grand mas
ter In : all that- aopertains ; to seasickness
and would in all • probability i ndignantlv
refuse : to ;• listen to a ; learned * dissertation
on the ear. as having anything to do with
seasickness. v'An«: yet it- Is triio:thaf the
ear. is .the part which;flrstikicks up^the
disturbance .which \ manifests • itself . In the
stomach convulsions. -,t i; .
The ear: is. -notionly^builtrto '-hear -with -
but' also the apparatus > which gives I to f us
the sense of balance is laid in-; the ear- Be
fore .we can know : whether we ! are ' stand
ing? ud or lyingi down '.we^musti learn' it
from: the ear. .The apparatus of i balance
is ; as ; follows : ' It is located ; in - the > texa-
P, or al bone. This bone forms part of th«
skull wall in the region" of the. temple, and
another portion of it,,; which projects at
right angles* to that.' part' which; forms
part, of -the: skull wall, -forms part of the
poor'of'the skull cavity where the bruin
is. n he latter' portion - is known as the
petrus" portion ,of the temporal bone,:
and it is in this bortion that ' the ' balancn
machinery lies.; In the petrus ' portion are '
three semi-circular canals uniting at' thdir
base. These canals" lie in: three different .
planes, and the man;- no matter In what
position- he; may be, is always-in'one of- ;
these planes.- If he falls, he will -fal!:m:
one of. these planes. ' , ; - : .
These canais'have a common' base and
are hollow. They.are lined on the inside
with a membrane in which the filaments of
the nerve which controls our balance are
distributed, or,, in -other, words, the nerve
which: tfills us we are : orect- or
lying down, ; whether we are i falling, etc.
There is a fluid in these canals A'hich- only
scan tily.i fills - them. 'When we; are stand
ing ' erects this fluid " lies' at the . common
base of . the < canals, • and by • its .weight on '
the; nerve filaments, upon which' the fluid,
lies, irrltatesthem, and. they send a nerve;
impulse ; to , the .--seat of origin of their
nerve inthe- brain and we are
that we are in the erect posture.- . :~,
" If. however,, we.change our uosture, for.
Instance.": lie. down,'; the -fluid, in -.the*, canals
runs into that canal which'isin.thesamey
plane UnTWhich -we are lying. ;< Gravity
moves the fluid. -Here a new set of nerve
filaments are agitated 'by; the^fluld and an
impulse^ is againsent to their seat'of orig
in in. the. brain, and the brain' tells, us that'
we ' are lying down, v Now, ¦ when- a" person
is on board; aboat, he is pitched; about -by,
the .various motion?: of the -vessel; and in-t
stinctively.^ gets lupia: different i motion s of
hisiownin<hisiattemptsi:to>keep:;his bal-t
ance.r This : sets ' that t fluid in the i semi-cir-*
cular, canals around from; one •
plane to another, or, in other words, from
one canal to another. No sooner does one
set of nerve filaments send, warning -to the
seat of origin in the brain, telling of the
direction in which the man is falling, than
another set sends: out a nerve impulse of
a conflicting ¦ report. ¦%. The- result is- a
strange confusion of nerve impulses tak
ing, place in that Dart of the brain where
tne nerve of balance takes its origin - .
-. Now, if this were all. there would be no
sense. of -seasickness. -..-But : it is. not ail.
lhere is a large nervo : which has its seat
of origin so closely interwoven with ' that
of -the nerve of balance that when that
seat is. in the throes of confusion this
large nerve becomes agitated and dis
turbed. .This is called tr.e v-pneumogas
tric nerve, and 'passing, down the neck
irom-the brain srives off some of its fila
m ? nt , 8 t0 ,," le . v lu ! 1 % s and heart and what' is
left; is: distributed to the walls of the
stomach. ". .
/The . ; peculiar' 'confusion 'which takes
place : in -the brain as . the • result of the
tossing about of the body from one plane
to another -in quick succession inspires
the pneumogastrlc; nerve to send down an
impulse ',' along „: its x, nerve trunk which
causes nausea , and the stomachic con vul
sions which are associated withseaslck
. The victimVof seasickness invariably en
hances his pvrn seasickness by interposine
ajmotion; of his own. Intended.-of course
to i obviate the; motion i of the boat-ar-d'
keep; himself - from;, falling, but as a* rule
this effort on his part only adds to the dis
turbing, causes [and | renders | the ; confusion
in- the ear. and brain more intense. • 4. suf
ferer, from seasickness is always better if
he _lies down ; on hi s back- and \ eives • himr
self iuo ; to ' the motion of the boat. By so
doing, while, he will ,be still seasick, i t will
not be; so severe "becauseiheoffers' no ™
posing> motion: of 'hisbody to that of th^
boat; and isjust that much better off.
Proper Care of
Corns
ffJT ARD corns are produced by friction
|n~jl and pressure. Very-loosa footgear
'.- ** may be more hurtful than tight.
The boot should perfectly fit th«
foot. The best way to gtt rid of a h_nj
corn <« to pi* € « over it a shield and to at
tack the growth with salicylic acid collo
dion. After some few applications th»
outer layers will be easily removable. By
perseverance the corn will be , brought
even with the skin surface. If .now th«
part is completely protected from pressure
and friction, the deeper, "down srowins"
center .will gradually disappear, partly by
absorption and partly by beins pushed t»
*he surface. The acid should be used now
and azain until where the corn once waj
there is a smooth new skin.
¦ Soft corns always arises from pressnr»
and moisture. -The feet when carefully
tended never develop these painful
growths. When undertaking treatment,
the first essential is to wipe the feet thor
oughly after they have been wet. If the
parts "are moist naturally, they ought to
be wiped at least twice daily. After doir.?
so an absorbent and soothing powder
should be applied freely. Starch and bo
racic acid in equal parts will be found
useful. At night do not applythe powder,
but instead lay on with a brush equal
parts of salicycllc acid collodion and fluid
hydrochlcrate of. morphia.
This plan will suffice, but another that
has proved very successful is as follows:
At night the parts are thoroughly dried.
Then this mixfure is laid on with a brush:
saturated solution, of alum, one dram.
This/will dry and harden the sodden tis
sue. Apply for six nights. On the seventh
use the salicylic and morphia. If the corn
is^.between the toes, wadding should be
placed inthat situation. *
The agony that may be caused by a nets
lected soft corn is altogether out of pro
portion to the apparent cause of the pain.
Brief pain can be borne with a smile, but
when it is ' bound to 'affect the
' facial expression of even the most stoical.
¦• ¦- . ¦ ¦
~tj=3 HE fact that freckles are ths usual
•II penalty exacted by nature for the
•^ bestowal of a delicate complexion
. .; in no " way compensates . any
daughter of Eve for their unwelcome
presence.. The poet may call them "the
kisses of Apollo," but she prejfers to _.«•
pense with the attentions of.ti.* sun-god.
Probably -the least off«"7»stve' and disfigur
ing of all skin blemishes, they are the
most obstinate to remove. Dermatolo
gists hav* tried in vain to compound a
remedy which ' ' should be ' a permanent
cure.- It has yet to be found. True, they
may be faded, even removed In many
cases, after persistent treatment; but,
with the' advent of the -warm spring days
and summer winds," they "are very apt to
reappear. The summer girl, inclined to
freckle, • who yet justly refuses to be
housed ; when sun, sky and sea woo her,
has on hand a perpetual problem. \ :'
Freckles are divided Into two classes :
cold or constitutional freckles, and sum
mer or light freckles. The latter fade
gradually, or yield, for.a time, at least to
mild lotions: The former require almost
heroic treatment, which then frequently
brings disappointment. It is impossible
truthfully to;. 'J guarantee" a freckle cure
The very situation .of the freckle^below
the surfaces-offers an obstacle. One dif
ficulty in the way of their removal lies In
the wide^ difference in the texture of dif
ferent skins. freckle lotion that -will
have no effect upon one's complexion will
irritate and . blister, that of another
, The chief ingredient which 'enters into
many freckle lotions • is . add. An a6id
will bleach the spots -.when Mi reaches
them. It must have usually something
to draw them nearer to. the surface Or
dinary; massage of the face ; will do this
gradually, and. by promoting, the activity
of, the. skin, in a manner prevent the
small deposits of iron. v Good? facial circu
lation is. a .foe to. most .facial blemishVs.
The ¦commonest acid and the most effect-'
? W ' *£*V t" j - 1C6> : PUre or:dllute d. -as the"
Treatment of
Freckles
Preparing Cuts
of Meat
THE neck, skin, shank and legs are
used for soup stock. The ' brisket
makes an economical boil, .being in
terlarded with fat; it is also used for
corned beef. The cross rib is mostly used
for pot roast."
The fore-quarter' of beef has thirteen
ribs. These are divided into chuck and
prime ribs. The. chuck ribs, of which
there are seven, beginning" . where the
neck ends, are used for chuck steaks,
stews, roast or goulash. The six prime
ribs are used for rJast beef. These, are
divided into three parts— first, second and
third cut; the first and second cut are the
best. The plate cut from the end of the
ribs Is generally "about eight or nine
inches wideband Is best for corned meat;
it is also used for boiling. /The navel may
also be used for stews or' soups.
From the short loin five different kinds
of steaks are cut, beginning where ; the
prime ribs end. . First'cbme the,Delmon
ico, which have no tenderloin; next:. to
these come the porterhouse, which have
tenderloin; then come the sirloin steaks,
which have a flat bone and a tenderloin;
next to these come .the hip steaks, which
have a tenderloin and an . oval-shaped
bone; next to these is the round bone
steak. The fillet is the tenderloin found
in the inside of the short loin, in the hol
low formed under the spinal bone; this
is considered the choicest part of '.¦ the
whole animal. .The fillet: is "cut" from the
epinal cord. by following the bone' with a,
knife; the fillet is then freed from all fat,
nerves and thin skins covering the" meat-
It is either larded and roasted, or- cut in
slices and broiled . for . beefsteak,, or it
may be prepared in a number, of ways.
i The rump of beef commences where the
loin ends. This piece of meat Is. excel
lent.for broiling, < braising or corning. The,
ox tail is used for stews and soups. , The
round and , bottom round^ are. usld for
'steaks, chopped beef and beef tea. -The
butt sirloin, also called ;,the';. upper arid
lower, sirloin, is used for beef a la mode,
braised beer, sauer roast and pot roast— ¦
Mrs.. Gesine Lerricke, in- ' May • Ledger
Monthly. . ¦ • ¦
nf=3O make the dainty club sandwich,
remove the crust from the white
* bread and tcast. cut into trian
gles, spread each slice with mayonnaise
dressing, add ft Boston lettuce leaf, on this
a slice of cold fowl, then a slice of broiled
bacon, cover with other triangles of toast,
garnish with lettuce and hard-boiled egg.
3f the oil mayonnaise is not liked, the
boiled cream dressing can be substituted.
This is made by boiling one cupful vine
gar, one . teaspoonful mustard, one table
epoonful sugar, one tablespoonf ul butter;
remove from lire and add one cupful of
cream, two well-beaten ¦ eggs, one .' tea
spconful salt. This is. a fashionable relish
at small Catherines.
One of the most popular of spring sand
wiches is the Harlequin, which is made as
fellows : Spread brown bread with cottage
cheese seasoned with melted butter, salt
and a little cream, place a. thin layer of
butter on two slices of white bread cut to
fit the brown,. place one piece of white
bread on top of the brown which has the
cheese r spread the other side of the brown
with French mustard and add to this Bide
exother slice of the white bread. Garnish
the top with olives halved.
To make a tea sandwich, mix one tea
spoonful dry mustard with four table
epoocfuls butter, add' the ¦ yolks" > of five
hard-boiled eggs pressed through a sieve;
three boned anchovies, two smairpickles,
one teaspoonful capers chopped fine.- Cut
graham bread into linger shape and spread
with the mixture and press two slices to
gether. Serve on a folded doily with nap
kin.
The ever-popular chicken sandwich .is
best made in the following manner: Mince
cold, cooked chicken very fine, season with
enough bciled salad dressing to make
moist enough to roll in size about like the
little finger, adding enough finely minced
celery and' a bit of onion to season/cover
each roll with baking powder biscuit crust
rolled very thin, pinching the ends tightly
chut. Brush with beaten egg and bake.
The rolls must be made uniform and laid
side by, side without crowding.— Elizabeth
W. Morrison in May Ledger Monthly. ¦
Sandwiches for
Spring
Jfoney Balsam.
AN excellent preparation for pre
venting and removing: freckles and
tan, and which will "whiten and re-
fine the. skin, Is prepared thus:
Pure honey, 4 ounces; glycerine. 1 ounce;
rectified spirits, 1 ounce; pure citric acid,
3 drachms; essence of ambergris, 6 drops.
Mix the first two by gentle heat. Dissolvs
the acid in the spirits and add the essence.
When the first mixture is cold, put the
two together and agitate till mingled. This
Is also excellent to render the hands soft
and white.— Stella Stuart, in May Ledger
Monthly.
OICE of the most trying seasons in
the culinary department is here— a
-time when the smallest detail of a
' • dinner demands attention and
when all things taste so much alike. It's
because things are here and yet not here.
Certain vegetables and fruits are going
out. Only the old unsatisfactory is left.
To be sure new ones are coming in tc
take their places, but the season hasn't
yet advanced its best products. The lat
est delicacies may be very tempting t*
look at, but not prove very appetizing/
And they're , expensive as well. One
could cheerfully stand that part of it if
the palate was very much tickled, but
when the dish is a miserable failure, then
the cook is in despair. ; ¦'.: .';.:"
One day is warm enough for an iced
dessert, but the same daiaty sherbet
would freeze everybody to death the very
next day. Here are several receipts that
were made for just these kind** of
changeable days:
PRUNE PUDDING— Press 2 pounds
ef cooked and pitted prunes through a
sieve; place in basin with water in which
they were cooked; add juice of 1 lemon
and cup of sugar: cook to a marmalaOe,
then add 1 tablespoon gelatine . softened
in a little v/ater. Wet 2 tablespoons
cornstarch with 2 tablespoons cold water,
then add 1 cup boiling milk, half cup
sugar, one-quarter teaspoon almond ex
tract; boil for live minutes; then add stif
fly beaten whites of S eggs; dip al
monds cut as Illustrated in eg? and press
in a lard pail. Pour half of prunes in;
cool; then pour in part of cornstarch
cream; then the remainder of the prunes,
adding cornstarch last Set in cool place
until chilled; unmold; wreath with halved
prunes and blanched almonds.
CARAMEL CUPS— Melt 2 cups sugar
in saucepan without water until it turns
a deep brown, stirring constantly and
watch that it does not scorch; put a tea
spoonful in individual custard cups; let
it set. Then fill cups with a rich custard
made of 1 pint milk, 6 eggs, half cup
sugar, half teaspoon vanilla; set in a pan
In which the hot water comes thres-quar
ters up to top cf cups; set in hot oven
until custard is done; remove from oven;
cover with the rest ofy caramel; set on ice
for three hours, unmold and garnish with
bits of French fruit.
MACAROXL AMERICAN STYLE
PI unge one-half package macaroni in a
deep kettle of boiling water and simmer
fifteen minutes; then drain. Add 2
pounds cf canned tomatoes' to stew pan,
to which add 1 sliced onion, handful
shredded parsley, handful chopped celery,
1 teaspoon salt and dash of paprika pep
per; add the tomatoes " and stew until
perfectly tender;* place in a deep dish
with 1 tablespoon butter. Dip nicely
toasted slices of bread into melted cheese;
garnish the dish and serve immediately.
LOESTER SALAD— Pick contents of
one canned lobster into flakes; add 1 cup
of tender celery hearts cut into dice; heap
on a dish;" mask with mayonnaise tint
ed scarlet with lobster coral, and garnish
with quartered limes, pickled, mush jooms
' cut Into stars and crescents and lobster
claws and fans. Chill before servins.
/ALMOND PUDDING— Place 1 can of
peach syrup in a kettle. When hot add
juice of 1 lemon, sweaten to taste and add
• half-" cup -blanched -almonds mashed flna
and 2 tablespoons granulated- gelatine dis
solved in a little cold water. Pour in a
fancy mold line as illustrated with An
gelica and blanched almonds: chill on lc«
until firm, unmold and serve with plain
cream.
ASPARAGUS WITH POLKA-DOT
SAUCE— Place contents of 1 can aspara
gus," which has been heated in boilinj
water, on a hot plate*. Prepare a sauca
by. mixing: 2 level tablespoons, of flour with
1 of. butter and stir Into 1 pint boiling
milk; add. half teaspoon salt, quarter of
pepper; boil until creamy, then add 1
. . beaten egg and 1 teaspoon lemon juice.
Pour over vegetable and dot with capers.
VENISON STEAK WITH MUSH
ROOMS—Brush a steak with pepper, salt
and' melted butter, broil over hot 'coals
for about eight minutes; place on a hot
dish on which has bean placed four spoon
fuls of melted currant jelly and a pinch
of mustard; garnish with mushrooms
simmered in butter until tender.
LEMON CREAM PIE— Place 2 cuds of
boiling water in basin, add juice of 2
lemons, half cup sugar and a pinch ot
salt. When boiling: stir in 2 tablespoons
cornstarch wet with 2 tablespoons water;
stir until thick and transparent; remove
from fire and beat in yolks of 4 eggs;
•when cool fill baked pie shell. Then beat
whites until almost stiff; add 4 level ta
blespoons sugar and beat stiff; spread on
pie and brown in cool oven. V. ' ":
CHESTNUT CREAM— Boll 1 pound
chestnuts . till tender; shell and blanch,
press through a sieve; cook 1 quart milk,
yolks of 3 ej?ss. 1 cup susar, halt tea
spoon salt until custard coats spoon; then
add chestnut pulp. 1 teaspoon vanilla and
1 tablespoon of sherry. Cool and f reeza
as for icecream. Serve as illustrated with
« boiled chestnut on top.
CALVES' HEARTS A LA MODE— Soak
the hearts in salted water for 1 hour;
drain 'and cook in boiling water for i
hour; cool; with a skewer punch holes
large enough to admit strips of parboiled
turnips, salt pork and potatoes; place in
a pan with a little water; bake until ten
der; bast© often with salted water, to
¦which is added melted butter and pepper;
pass a thickened gravy when serving.
¦ -- ¦ . •• • /¦ --'r. ¦¦¦%-. --^-: ¦-¦;.= .
8
ENTREES AND
DESSERTSHE DID A LITTLE GAMBLING
OVER THE TELEPHONE
"Did you ever hear of gambling by tele
phone?" asked a sporting man at an up-'
town hotel the other night. "The inven
tor so far as I know was a German com
edian who may be called Dick. "About
six months ago Dfck was acting in Roch
ester. He Is fond of gambling and his
favorite pastime Is faro. One night after
the show he asked a friend if there were,
any games open in. the town. The friend
declared that every game was closed us
far as he knew.' Then Dick,, turning to
one of his companions, said:
"'Jack, I feel lucky to-night and I'd
like to get a bet down some way or other.
This town is slow, and without some ox
cltement life is not worth livinp. I want
to play faro.'
" 'But what are you golng'to do?' aslced
his friend: 'All the joints are closed and
I don't know of any place where we could
Invest any. money.' ;
"Dick pondered a' moment. , Abruptly
as If struck by an idea he said:
" 'I've got it, Jack. I'm going to bet if
I have to lose a leg doins so.'
"Jack was puzzled but said nothing.
" 'Where is the telephone?' said Dick
excitedly. 'I'm going to 'phone to a New
-t_ • ¦
York house where a game 13 in session at
this very moment.'.;. \. ;
"Saying this he left the room and went
to'the 'phone. The instrument was of the
automatic kind and first dropping $1 7> in
the s!ot Dick called up aweli known
New York gambling housp. 'In a few min
utes Dick got a reply. Then. the follow
ing conversation took place: - '
*; 'Dick— Is" this Mr. Blank?'
" 'Voice — No,- It's the colored stpward.'
" "Dick— Call. Mr. Blank. Tell him- I'm
Dick — , and that I want to talk to him.'
"In a few seconds Mr. Blank came to the
'phone and Dick- continued :' : "How"d'ye
do; My. Blank? . This is Dick. ' ¦. I'm in
Rochester. Is there a game going on to
night?'
"'.Voice— Yes.* ; . ; - r f
. .".'Dick — Well as soon as you come to
the last turn let me know.'
"Dick, when : in , New York always-pnt
ronized . the game and was considered .'a
good customer and could always have a
marker for any amount. j
." 'Mr. Blank— The last turn is on.
I've told-the dealer to wait for you/ •
V" 'Dick— What is it?'
" 'Mr. Blank— The nine, the Trey, and
the six.'
' ," 'Dfck— Place $50 for me on the trey to
win; $50 on the -nine coppered; S50 on the
high card and $50. to call the turn.'
"Dick waited patiently and' In a jiffy
Mr.:. Blank *ild: 'Dick, you're a lucky
dogr. : You've won every bet and I'owe you
Sc50." .Then horans off. '.; .
"The comedian was all "smiles when lie
returned- to his friends. He told his
friends what he had done and it was hard
to make them believe what he said was
the truth. When he came to New. York
again he convinced them that he was
not joshing and treated all hands to sev
eral quart ; bottles. v ' When Dick called at
the gambling house the proprietor handed
him $350 in bills and, of course, Dick blew
ajaln. ' s .,
"Dick says that the experlencey of
pambllns by wire, is a novel one, but
thinks the scheme rather precarious. It
convinced him of one thing and that was.
that there are some : honest ramblers in
this world.- Suppose Mr. Blank had told
him' he had lost?: He had nothing: 'but
Blank's word for it and would, of course,
have had to make good. But Dick won on
the level and got all that was coming to
him."— New York Sun/ . .'
; by Lightning and Killed, and on the
same day the ; Buzzard fell; off ; the :
"fence ? with Weakness^ for he was 1
near Starving. >
'."At Jast!'* "croaked- the t Buzzard, ;
feebly, and* he Wabbled Over and
perched upon the Carcass of the Old
Horse. /"Nowlfdr a Square Meal!",
But it was so that • when' he ": made ,
to Eat 'there '.was ! Naught , There' but
a Dried Skin . and . Bone. ; . ' .
/ <l Alas!V : sighed the Poor ; Buzzard.
and '-"starved '.for Tb.is-7-
y wbich ! after all turneth / put to '• bs
naught .but a meal of Bones and Sole
Leather!"; and he. tumbled over and .
¦ Died Also. • f ; \ v - \\y t , .* '//.
-¦; ',' Moral : ' Wait not uponfDeatk for a .
/A '-Dollar a Day .dug/Up by.
ithyself i^worth'Ten' Times the I*8gr
key /of Death/ /; % '¦_ \-* '
''.., Another Moral : /Invest ; No Money
, insuring the ¦ life ; of * a ',{ Skinny *Man; •._
the',- Runt , and X the ; Crippled | Ciickeh
cutiive all others in the Tarmyard;'; '
Last Bunch : if thou ever wish . f or
• Rich Relatives, better • keep /on i and
jWishT while thou art about it that they '";
THE FOX AND THE STORK.
en.ce. It is an Even Break, •wherefore
do thou let It go at that.
And "Verily: Try no Stunts on a
Professional Grafter.
THE Sly Fox gave a Swell Spread
and invited the Stork to be the ,
Guest of Honor.
And the Soup was served in Dishes,
wherefore the Stork, 'having a Long .
Bill, was unable .to' Partake, but the
Sly Fox lapped his portion and had
a Lovely Time. \ V- /:/
. 'And the Stork 1 went away Very
Hungry and saying within Himself:
. "Lo! by Hercules and Gosh! but I
will/ Play Even!" for he was, very
Wroth and his Stomach Hurt Him.
Then the Stork gave a Spread and
Invited the Sly Fox.'
' -. ''And it came to Pass that when
they, were seated, behlold! the Soup -
;•' was seryed^in ; bottles.
• ."By my Pin-Feathers!"
chuckled , the •. Stork, Vixow have I
placed /the Royal Kibosh ' upon mine
- Inhospitable Friend!" and he inserted
his Long Bill .into bis bottle and'
Drank Soup.
V Now, it was ' So that ' this Fox was
. ft : Twentieth r Century Gazabe - and
'¦Dead Wise.-,'. /' : . './..¦ :'• • ' . .
. "Ah r'.y said he, Vhow ¦ Convenient !
Thou, O . Friend Stork, puttest thy
•mouth in the bottle, but lo! I go thee
'one ", better, for I "wot of a better •
Graft!? and he put the Bottle in his
- mouth— and the Stork < Faint ed.
/-..Moral: Aesop was. an amusing Guy,
\.but~of 'a Truth he -knew, not how^ to
drink from a Jug. •/;
; Second ¦ Moral : ;When thou gettest
the worst of a deal do not roar. Thine
-/adversary/is. richer by a f ex* Plunks,
but thou art also richer by. Expert-/'
. h. '• , ¦¦ ' -^ __ < ; *
, (Ccpyright. 1901, by A. J. Moore.)
MR. A ESOP'S FABLES UP TO DATE.
The Fat ' Pig Grunted . TJncsasingly
and was Very, Brave.
And it came to Pass that as they
Journeyed through a Great Wood a
band cf Eobber Wolves, hearing tag
Pig's Grunts, came forth from the
Brambles and set upon the Travelers.
Then did the Fat Pig lift up his
Voics and Sqifeal Mightily, .
"Let us Fly!" exclaimed the Young
Wolves. "Didst ever hear such a
Terrible VoiceP" and they were sore
afraid. • .
"Go. to!" said the " Old : Wolves.
"The voice soundeth. terrible, but 'it.
is the Voice of a Pig. Come, let us
Eat Him!" • v
Then they fell upon the Shoat and
Chewed off his Ears and swallowed
his Hams' and rent his Spare Bibs,
asunder and ate up .the Poor Pig,
Body and Soul. Yea,' verily, there was
naught left of him but his squeal.
Then the Bobber Wolves departed, :
looking for more * ' •
And ' the Mouse had hidden in a
Crawfish Hole and Was Quite Site.
"I bless Providence!" quoth' he,
"that created me with a Small Body
and a Meek Voice" ; and he crawled
forth and went his way Rejoicing. , ,
Moral: The. insignificant Man often .
misses Much Trouble through being
Insignificant. . : . /
Second Joltt.A. Large Voice is not
always Scareful when" '. Backed v by
nothing but Pork.
The Theme : If you Must ¦ travel
with a Big Man, first assure yourself
that' he hath Other Qualities than
Much, Fat and a Loud Squeal* - '.'^IPM
¦ . -.
THE
OLD
HORSE
AND
THE
BUZZARD.
1p? BUZZAHD sat upon. the- Fenco
/L=\. waiting for nn Old Horse to
tftt Die v Now it was So that the
Old Horse had been' Sick for Many
Days and ho looked like Bad Weath
er. -Yea, h« was .bony and thin and
there was no Spring im his Old Joints.
1 /Yet would the Old Horse not Lie
Down and Quit.
, "O; Friend,'.' quoth the Buzzard
one day, "wherefore dost thou not act
decently and Pass Out? Behold j I too
am ' becoming^ Very Skinny,/! waiting
for thee to Croak!" and the Poor Buz
zard rolled his; Eyes Hungrily. "
'.'Be not a 'Fool, - Friend Buzzardj"
returned' the Old • Horse. , "Sit not
down to wait for Daath, else wilt thoa
die First! Hustle} thou' and ;Dig Up
Fresh 'Meat ; that "walketh hot' about
and Eateth Thistles." ; ; . . /
"Not so!" answered 'the Buzzard.
"I" have had , my I Eye upon thee for
lo ! these Many, Moons, 1 and ¦ of fa ver
ity I shall do no work, for by Castor
and Jing! thoui art My Meat VI
• So the; Buzzard went on, waiting—
but ', the\ Old Horse Died : Not. ' /
: j At ; last the Old Horse was Struck
THE MOUSE AND THE PIG.
A HOUSE and A Fat Pig we:it
on a long journey.
"Stick Close to Me, Little
Man!" said the Pig. "I am Large and
Fat and my Voice Soundeth Terrible.
None will dare to Tackle Me!"
So they traveled together a Lon^
Way. and saw many Strange Sights.
WHAT single person ever saw a
child misbehave that he or she
&X6. not immediately become pos-
Fess<>d of a stronc desire to ad
minister rebuke, both to the
parent and the child? Who has not seen
chMdren misbehave In public and mothers
try in vain to pacify a young disreputable,
aid who in such case* did not make or
hear remarks such a?: "If tha^were my
child I should whip it right here at the
time, and impress so indelibly on that
.child's mind that it must never do so
2 gain that there w.ould never b« a' repe
tition of such performances." etc., etc, ad
irfinitum..
Most people have some similar comment
to make.
When occasionally some, mother, feeling
the futility of useless^ "there, darling,
fion't" etc., etc., gives a child a spanking
In public, the beholders are horrified;
shocked beyond utterance at the vulgarity
of the mother, at her utter disregard for
an audience or the public. highway for the
administering: of corporal punishment.
In fact, "coriwral punishment is a relic
of barbarism, and the mother should be
well beaten herself." . ,'*; .-*/•.
This and much more to the same effect
roes the rounds, and every .beholder,
either of the lenient mother, who tries- to
pacify her child for the benefit of the
public peace, cr she who chastises It pub
licly for the edification of the crowd,
meets with its disapproval;, for every wit
ness, either to the pacifying and concilia
tory regime or the rash and pugilistic ad
ministration, thinks he or she— usually
the latter— could give that mother cards
and spades and beat her; give* her point-
ers of Inestimable value to her In . the
training and rearing of her degenerate
offspring. ' /'.',...
The theoretical child is always un
selfish, bo thoughtful • and considerate.
The theoretical child does not care for
BTiant Etories or tales of adventure; It
though this was theorizing too: it lacks
the ring of the genuine article; that "gen- !
tleness. yet firmness," reminds her of her
visionary youth, but she listens with in
terest.
j. The Women's Congress meets.
Mamnta notices papers .are to be read
on the training of children.
- She is willing, nay, anxious to learn: her
pride is laid in. the dust; her theoretical
childrenhave died natural deaths and are
burjed 'neath flowers ]pns' since withered.
But the. practical side, the animated ac
tion, perpetual little Keely motor ma
chines, are painfully^ in evidence.
She goes to the Women's -Congress.
Here she will hear some learned and ex
perienced woman discourse on the train
ing' of children. ¦ > ;„• V,4/
Here will be given her a' compass by
which to st»cr.
She glances'at her programme.
Miss Knowitall on '.'The Training of
Children." Miss, she gasps] She listens
to the long and tedious (to her) paper on
the training, of- children.
This is of course theoretical; and all the
spinster says rolls off the mother like wa
ter off a duck's back.
She, too, once theorized the same way.
She looks at the programme again and
her face brains. "Mrs. Elizabeth "All
things—"The - Training" and Culture of
Young Children." Heie she .will -at Jteast
get the practical side of It. '. .• .
Mrs.- Allthines commences. ; '•'•. . -^
She wades through a . labyrinth of pre«
liminaries and finally gets down to bed
rock, but the expectant -mother feels as
This ought to be practical, not bogus
theory.
This woman talks as If she knew where
of she spoke; her faith in her plans is
not of the shakable kind. Kj|
By the time she finishes the children
have been taken through th© "middle
ages" to youth, and are the pride and joy
of their parents.
After the congress adjourns, the mother
of Johnny and Marguerite and the little
ones, works her way through the crowd
to* Mrs. Allthings, who looks to be on the
shady side of forty, whereas th© anxious
mother is only thirty, therefore not so ex
perienced. ' * "V;.:/.
She says, "Excuse me, but how many
children have you? I suppose that the
eldest must be grown up and a great com
fort to you?"
Mrs. Allthings blushes; several of the
delegates smile; but the anxious mother
is not to be thus easily pushed away from
tasting of the tree of knowledge, so she
repeats her question, , slightly changed;
and presses her point, and Mrs. Allthing3
replies:
"I— I— have never had any children; but
Ik know. If I had. they would have been
brought up according to my theories."
¦• And the mother of four young incorrlglj
bles goes home to meditate on her train-
Ing and wonder if her children aren't Just
the same as all others, and to tell their
papa the joke. For p.fter all. the only
ones who really know how. to train chil
dren are the women who never have any.
Mamma- feels that she* is somewhat of a
failure ; in . the "training line. '
; Papa acknowledges a like weakness.
l?ut they decide to struggle bravely on
together and do their very best.
Little Marguerite's failings are not Just
the same as Johnny's. She has some of
her own patented; she. may not be quite
so .mischievous as. her brother, but she is
fully ; as ; : wlllful. and eh'e develops an In
clination; to, be Impertinent and give cute,
pert-answersl which, although very am us-'
ing. at -first, soon -lose/ their piquajicy.
Papa and: mamma besrin to think that
they have the worst children in the. world.
No. 3 arrives! Mamma is quite worn out,'
No. 3 is a pocket edition of Johnny — only
a little more so. and when Marguerite
reaches the mature age of four years'
she'has a' little 'sister, and mamma errap
"pies faintly 'and weakly,/ at straws for
support, o .--. ./• :¦'¦' Y ..
: Each child, has the family trait of
firmness. Each has;, his' j or.' her ,*own
opinion and has the .courage of his or
her conviction to back it., |
* Mamma' and papa, after many squabbles
over.'"the: children; conclude that "they,
must-bear it as. patiently as they can,
'JftttNthejr really 'begin to appreclate^each
other • through, pity and sympathy.
' Finally Johnny has a little/sister, who,
profiting by his example, experiments
with the family trait of firmness. .-She
has straight hair, painfully straight, too;
not .curly "like Johnny's— and mamma
wonders why things' are so perverse.
Why should the boy have curls and dim
ples and thegirl be.denied them? • .,'-. /
Mamma'; tries so hard, to' teach little
Johnny to; eat like. a/ nice \ little A boy/but
he has a tendency toward trying to' prove
the Darwin theory by relapses into bar
barism. ..: ; ' f 7;,Vr';'i ¦ v < ;
He Insists on eating with his fingers,
cramming 'his; mouth and smearing "the
surplus over the outside. ¦
convinced that mamma is mistaken' in
this" instance; anil sc^ lie -goes his own
sweet little way,' trying .tfi- demonstrate
to mamma that he is. just like papa, and
meanwhile; he is proving to papa that he
is just like mamma. --.' ; w • .
. And so, baby's: training, goes on. He is
•not. such an exemplary child; as he was
before he was l»orn, and mamma owns. to
; herself that she .Is not so patient as ; she
thbughtishe was. ~ ¦ '¦: -^ - . ' / : ' "
• Baby, is surely very trying. '" : . .:
No. the theoretical children are. really
quite comforting, and whereas they may
not be so tangible for caressing and lov
ing purposes, like imaginary husbands,
they are more dutiful than ."the genuine
article has ever proven to be. : .
These theoretical .children are never
given to long crying spells; are never will
ful; never quarrelsome, and never, on.
never, mischievous, and the single woman
with her Imaginary children and her"
model husband is a being whose elusive
happiness is not wholly to be scorned.
The woman whose child is a theoretical
one finds, when it blossoms to a real one,
. that she has reckoned without her host.'
Baby comes. His advent is hailed with
delight. He early develops a mind of hl3
own, a will of his own, and shows earnest-'
ness and persistency in developing lungs
of his own.
Papa thinks that he is just mean. .
Mamma thinks he has the colic.
Papa thinks his colic days are over; that
he Is spoiled, and that it is time to com
mence letting:, him learn that the minute
he cries he is not to taken from his
cradle and walked and •' soothed. Papa,
having done most of the perambulating,
has come to the conclusion that pedestn
anism on his part is conducive toward de
- ' : ' •/• ;
¦wants, like little Eva,, to hear some one
talk of the angels and speculate; pathet
ically on the nearness of its own advent
to that throng. • :
The theoretical child is always happy
and g-ay, and has a wonderful faculty for
keeping Its' clothes clean and beautiful,
like little Ljord Fauntleroy. ¦//
The theoretical child was never guilty
of soijing, the .walls or drawing pictures
thereon to prove its budding genius. It
would confine' : its.- ; drawing, arabesques
and conventional designs, to paper, and
not use them for interior decoration ; of
a rented house, so that the janitor would"
complain to the iandlbrd and the family
receive notice to please vacate the flat. -
generacy on the part of the child,' and so
states his ' decision in emphatic terms.
Mamma is indignant. -
She calls- the baby's papa cruel and
selfish. She heroically walks the baby
herself; she calls It pet names; she loo.ks
contemptuously at papa.
Baby's sobs grow less and less thrilling;
mamma soothes him finally to peaceful
slumbers; she looks triumphantly at papa
and, lays the baby down gently* in the.
cradle. ¦ : *.. ¦>_ /^^
-She-is very- careful. Tbut . thefslTghtest
.'...'-. '. ¦/ i ¦ ¦¦". ¦ , ¦.,..':'¦ }.:: _/-,-. .-.,
/•move from the' regular. 'motion'" to which
cbaby has ST° wn jars up 6n his
( . sensibilities ; • he parts 1 his : li p3 , strikes the
f keynote, . puts his fpot on the loud pedal
¦ / and resumes business at the old stand. -
The evening's entertainment is on In full
¦ -blast. 1 Papa is at first tickled—human;na
ture— finally; in pity -he offers to relieve
I mamma', which offer is 'readily accepted/.''
;\; Mamma's j indignation ' has disappeared.
: I She is cuite docile ; she v passes the ! young
. hqpeful over to papa and goes to bed, aft
er giving orders for the night's proceed
• Jngs.-;.- ' ' ' ¦' ¦¦_/¦ > j > i •,..:'
,::> Papa starts out in undress 'parade; he
..coos to baby; he calls it papa's dear, and
mamma sinks to peaceful slumber. '
;::* The procession still moves. 1 Several
times papa tries baby in: t]He cradle and
.each time baby shows resentment. . Final
ly he is slapped into the cradle. Papa has
| reached that stage' when j he thinks th-it
'patience has ceased to be.avlrtae. Baby
howls; papa glares at Mm and; says things
I'unflt for publication." Mamma upbraids
papa, who gets tobed. and baby, after a
long crying spell, unnoticed by either pa
rent, falls sobbing ' tcrsleep. •'.. ' '*
.. This entertainment occurs at Intervals;
¦. '6ometlm.es baby Is rocked ' to, peaceful
slumbers and papa .and mamma' get to
.bed between 12 and 1. but 'always the
doubt arises, as to whether baby 'really
has colic or Is simply spoiled, and as there
is no positive way of proving it baby has
what might be called the "inside track."
and from infancy on proceeds to break
one after another of mamma's theories. '
.If mamma can be firm, so can baby. He •
can go her one .better, and^be stubborn.
¦Who ever saw' a married couple that
, each did not think" the other stubborn, or
et least contrary?: Wife i and husba"nd"al-.
ways think the fault lies, on tho opposite
I side of the fence. Baby,' apparently try-'
/ ing not to be in any way partial, evldent
; ly thinks they are. both very firm./there
fore it must be an admirable and family;
; trait which he has inherited and is justly
I .entitled to.;/ ' . ' ¦¦• -»•.<,• ,¦;¦,,
• ¦.; . Baby Cses.it on everj-'and all occasions. !
:. : If mamma is"; firm in/her /assertion / that :
handle^books/ toilet articles, etc!, baby \\s I
,.;¦ :¦•;: . ¦;- : ;-:.THE|^^Ay; ; ;;CALIi.; ;
9
THE TRAINING OF CHILDREN
THEORY VS. PRACTICE10
THE SUNDAY; C ALIi.
daughter) ha? ¦T*nrt*n v s£2.aeTy. slightly
'sloping shoulders, as has her cousin, Mrs.
Francis Burton Harrison of New York. /
Mrs.. TV. K. Vanderbllt Jr. and her sister.
Mrs. - Herman Oelrichs, are quite . unlika
In build, the former, being more slender; ..
but both have square shoulders.
¦
<Tl Jt ORE than one society woman
I \ f\ prifiea herself upon her ' shapely
I I Bhoulders. That adorable curve
- | of the neck, of which poets have
Bung, is best revealed in Quarter
view photograph, but • this also betrays
the fact that very few women have really
pretty shoulders. .
They look all right from the front Jp a
decollete bodice, but pose them from the>
back and they are absolutely ugly. Few
women have shoulders that match— that
Is. nearly ail have one shoulder higher.
than the other. In etreet suits, owing to
clever tailors and dressmakers, this lack
i of symmetry is scarcely perceptible, but
in a low gown with shoulder straps
omitted the defect is glaring.
Look about a ball room some time and
see if this assertion Is not true.
It is the corset that is responsible for
this deformity, for it certainly is a de
formity, of square shoulders. Did you
ever see a madonna In any of the old
Italian pictures with square shoulders?
JCot a bit of it
The rounded, regular shoulders are In
dispensable to beauty. They should slope
symmetrically In graceful curves from the
base of the neck to the summit of the
chest Go and study your Burke and see
what he says. "Of all the beautiful, ob-"
Jeets In nature none surpasses the well
. molded neck of a woman." He was not
writing about the big-throated, square-
Ehouldered, golf-playing, athletic modern
Ba9B
woman either. He referred to the | bWm
necked, sloping-shouldered beauty of his
time.
A too tight corset presses the , shoulder
blades below and collar bones in front too
far upward and thus ruins the. harmony
of nature. .:
The perfect figure should have shoulders
lacking salient bones and angles. The out
line should sweep In gentle curves from
the neck downward. There should be no
hollows, nor yet a superfluity bt. flesh..
That defect of the shoulders, where one
is higher thanithe other, is due tb many
causes. Golf or tennis in excess;, piano
playing, painting on porcelain ; • any . num
ber.-, of . similar reasons can : be^ adduced.
It can be remedied by proper exercised but
so . few women care : to take ' the trouble.
Julian R. Brandon, .who teaches . physical
culture to so many of the swim, has ; the
following to say of woman and her shoul
ders: ¦ ?" ¦- ¦ .-¦ • •
. The first .thing, a woman : should ¦ do who de
sires to have a perfect neck and fine shoulders
and arms Is ; to ,: have : some a one . who underr
stands anatomy' to' point out; to' her her defi
ciencies. Those; who have tried i by exercise
to get; perfect figures f have , generally! not suc
ceeded, rs they have not paid attention to
and built up : the • parts^ lacking,, development,
and - it ¦ is Impossible ', to ? have . . perfect neck,
shoulders and arma unless you do so..
My Tldeal woman : is one with . ; high bust,
shoulders . rather . broad, , chest 1 well , developed,
and arms well rounded at the del toides. ..The
sterao cleido 'roastoidens muscles of ; the . neck
should be round and t ull. . These are the mus
cles \ that more • the ¦ bead forward ; when act*
, " •"..¦'
ing together and turn th« . head to en* aid* '
when acting alone, , . '
: When these muscles are , well developed . it '
gives ,the neck, that 'round full appearance :
¦which 'Is so much admired.; One good way.: to ;
develop these muscles ; la to press on the ; fore-' ;
head with the palms of th» hands and j try ; to ;
force the head forward; then press on the
eide of- the chin with the palm; of the hand 1
and try to force the chin In the opposite direc
tion; repeat the same number ot times on each
Bide; or, stand with j your side ' to • the pulley ,'.
weights and pull outward with the head strap !
on. ; :
; Another ornament , to j" a woman's -shouldera *
are well " developed trapes 11 muscles ; these | are I
the muscles that Join the deltoldes at the point
of, the; shoulder.. '.- / • •
The", trapezll.muaclea, acting . together, draw >
the hsad directly backward; one of them act
ing alone inclines th» head to the correspond- .
Ing side. ¦ \ . '•
. The superior part . of the trapezliu ralaea th«
point of the shoulder. :
One way 'to develop these muscles la to place
.the hands on the back of the head and force
the I bead - backward .' acalnet -the > resistance : . of .
the , hands,'; or stand with your face toward the
pulley weights ; and ' pull - backward \ with V- the \
htad strap on. .J : ." .¦¦'¦ -; ,v <
The ' platysma." myoldes should also ,be "i -well ¦
adeveloped,' ' as they also give .the ' neck a round .
and' full ' appearance . and take * away that i flat,
, hollow; look . to the' front ; of ' the ¦ neck.', ' These ; '
' are the . muscles '¦ that • ' assist ; *• in - depressing
the angles of the Ja.w, ' and ' can be .developed •
by ' drawing "the corners of '. the mouth as ¦ far .
; up t toward the : ears as ; possible or. by" pulling '
i with 7 the '. head ; strap^ on ¦-.' the ' pulley • weights ¦>
with your, back! to the machine. . . ,
¦i. It Is! in the power of every woman to have '
n maprnlflfBt n-v» ., shoulders and arms If «he
¦will only have the patience to do a little exer
cl»Ing k each day. ~*
• See what your deficiencies are and start In
to. set rid 'of them. Be carerui' not to build
up c-ne muscle at the expense of another, or, .
In plainer words, flo not build up one set of
muscles^and neglect others.
lit you. need to be developed at the deltoldes!
which 13 the round portion of the arm «t . th«
rotnt of the shoulder, take 1. 2 or 3 pound dumb
:hells.- according to your . strength, and raise
them, slowly outward and.' upward until you
have the bells on a level with your shoulders,
then , slowly down again to the sides. ;' ; -">
'¦;.! "When 'making this movement breathe In as "
dc^r'r' as. possible In the upward movement
r.rd exhnle^all you can In the downward move-'
rient; thls^wlli strengthen; and broaden your .
chest^and Increase your lung capacity. ¦ '
If you have a lack of muscle over and around
ths , collar-bone _ raise, the dumbbells slowly
from the sides outward . and upward to . the
front, , taking care not to* lean backward or to
bend the 1 arms ln-thls move. Anoftier good
move to remedy the deficiency of " the pectoral
muscle ' Is "to stand facing the door about two ;
i or three : feet from It.' Now put your hands
.flgalnst, the; do<?r, about • three . feet apart and
a* high i ' as your ears, | and . let .your body drop
1 In toward the door till I your \ chest nearly
touches It. your head being held up and back.
Then push sharply tack ; until your, body Is
again- erect and continue | the j movement . If
the bust Is too low; this can \ be corrected . by
• tlghteninE up the - pectoral 'muscles. ' A cor-' .
eet makes many a good shape by. pressing. a •
lot. of superfluous flesh -from one portlon-of
the body to another. ' To have j a good j shape
'.without her corsets should ' be ' the' aim of
¦ every: woman; and It Is 'certainly In the power'
of any 'who desire to try.' , '' '
A' fine neck nnd fine shoulders are Incomplete .
' unless you have fine" shapely arms to ko with
: them. • •' .; x . ¦ . . -. ¦ . . . • .
¦To obtain good biceps, which Is the front part
of the upper arm, • start with the dumbbells
• down at the sides, raise them, slowly and stead
ily In front until they nearly ; touch' the shoul
der, technically curl them, holding .the ,head
up: now lower the bells slowly to the. sides
a^aln and repeat and so' continue. In a few.
minutes . you - will want .to stop. ' The : bleep .
'.muscles are Betting the work this time. .
- -One prominent part the upper arm re
; mains, or rather one which ought to be proml- ;
¦ nent, though in most people", it, Is "not. I refer"
' toVth'e triceps. or, the. bulk of 'what', remains of
. the upper arm after " leaving ; out . the ,.. biceps.
¦vVTien well developed * this is on%" of the hand-
Btimest parts of the arm. . ; ; No arm "will look
' slim that has this muscle V fully ; 'developed.
To acquire that development ' take hold 'of . the
dumbbells : at the sides. '.then bring them, up
,. ward and backward as far as you can, holding
. them 'as tightly as possible!; -_.-.. '¦ "... ;.
', ¦ -/Another,, good i way to - develop' Hie .triceps Is
j to take the ' exercise of falling forward against
-.. the i door ¦ which 1 1 have ' already, given • In . this
r. artlcl^)&§B|nnS|^njBM§^K0 .'. -. . ;
.-¦' Now . all *, that renrains is the '. forearm, and
; there , are ¦ many . ways ! of developing .' It. ', One
• way. Is ¦' by ¦ opening ; and ;"closlng the. hand as '
•tightly as possible -'or'iby; twisting' the .bells
when; at arm's length.' '" : r ' ¦¦"•I -
The .'ancient 'sculptures of, the Greeks
' % and ; Romans of i feminine ' figures ; are sup
• posed", to ¦ depict 'the? perfect 'shoulder,', or.
': ratheri the ; sculptor's ideal' of the : perfect
: shoulder.' As a ruler, they; are large; and
strong shoulders, but,beautlfully t Tourided.'
' Old French miniatures! show | the "\ narrow,"
¦ sloping : type - of '-. shoulder .prevailing,- and
"this type was doubtless 'fashionable In the
period of Marie Antoinette. sIHSB
A' . portrait |i by. ,' Piero" della Francesca
' (1423-1492); ; a" ; painter, of L the: early/Renals
j. sance £ period-^that \ is.; before ¦¦;¦ Raphael,
j Michael "Angelo,'. Titlanj . etc.— shows i very
; straight, shoulders. yThe por
trait's, subject ; Is , not i a: classic 'type,': but
[ Is drawn the i- naivete j of the r early.
'¦ painters, , giving , full , credit ; to ) the : charm- ¦
f Ing, though i Irregulars profile/ La Forna
. rina ,- (Raphael's) : Is celebrated f for 'ithe"
beautiful shoulders ' and -breast. ; ,"
. Asked! to give '.his idea,. of the, perfect
¦ •wornan's.^ shoulders,'; Amedee" ;.: ; "Joullin'
• said::, j"For ; V delicate « ; gracefulness ;. and
¦i beauty .'my Idea "of a ! woman's perfect neck 1
and; shoulders^ is -that' of "the ,. 'Unknown"
by Donatello, the beautiful line from the
head co the. shoulders .being unbroken by
angularity, and just. enough of- the classic
phowinsr'to banish all suggestion of heavi
ness." The nearest approach\to. the ideal
that has been brought to my.notlce is the
neckband ..shoulders of Miss Mabel Love
of operatic fame.. JThe eye of an artist is
very "often "Jarred when attending public
functions hy 'noting * the. miscellaneous
necks exposed. The variety seems to have
no limit— short and fat, long and thin,
scrawny, bony and red— all are* represent
ed. It has always been a mystery tome
why, as a woman advances in years,
Fhe allows her taste to run riot in the va
rious styles of decollete. . Voltaire spoke
with much wisdom on this subject. Very
few necks are beautiful from the back,
especially where the growth of hair be
gins." '. : • . . , . .
Miss Kmelia "jillsher, who studied In.
Paris and Holland for some' years, and',
drew from the nude model as well as tak
ing up portrait stniy, gives as her opinion:
It would rilffcult ,to choose any special
typo of neck aj;l " shoulders to.be admired
above nil others. -A woman of good carriage
and -harmonious .lines . may be ' beautiful
whether her. neck; bo lonjp or. short, her should
ers square or sloping.' r Though there seems
to be ft fashion in shoulder's as in clothes, a
tradition among artists gives 'a* high -place, for
all ! time to the cnlumn-Uke neck of the un
known. Modern English painters, led by Burns
Jones and Rossettt, have, reverted to this early
. Renaissance type, exaggerating;" however, the
length of all lines and narrowing the . should
ers. The .modern ; tendency, altogether,' seems
to be toward the slender woman with th«
: "swan-like" " throat ¦ of the poets— a v contrast
'to the-, fully-developed, rounded 'forms of the
Venetians.; .Titian's favorite model, who posed
for many of his most famous pictures,' may bo
considered as - representing this N type. If our
American plrU ' who go : In so vigorously for
athletics continue as they have commenced
; we may soon have ' a muscular '. type to vary
the Indolent grace of former beauties. .*•,'¦
: -Theodore Wores, whose portraits. hav»
been attracting . so much ¦ attention of
late, considers that-the manner. of dress
ing, of to-day affects the shoulders the
least of all: the body, "and does not. ar
rest the development. The athletic girl
has' good, sensible shoulders that look
well in -tailor made, garments, but in
dress, when the /neck and shoul
ders must be seen, they are altogether
too muscular. The muscles cause air
together too many shadows :-. for I beauty.
Muscles too well developed . are not pret
ty.- Compare Japanese and American
shoulders, . for . instance. Japanese
women's shoulders are '. never perfection, -
because v the Japanese do not go in . for
athletic ' sports, r Their necks, shoulders,
,iarms ' and heads are beautiful, but the
rest of their; anatomy* is 'deficient.
•/. The. athletic American girl has a fine
figure, but not a pretty neck and shoul
ders. . . '
¦ Mr. Wores considers Miss Marie "Wells'
shoulders are as perfect as could possibly,
be. ; .•'.¦-..--• ¦ ¦ : ; . ' ,- " " ¦ . ' "
Robert I. ". Altken thinks . the r modern
Bhoulder fully , as fine • In contour as the
antique.: The antique, he said, was made
please the gods, : and was consequently
idealized. Mr. "Altken considers the mod
ern mode of dressing— low-; shoes, short
•skirts, or tailor, gowns— athletic exercises, ¦
¦ / golf, . etc.,\ do not 'affect the ' : body, at :all.
That Is, he thinks; that In spite of them
- the .beauty of ithe , shoulders •; is '.retained.
. In his famous' "Aft 'Lured to .Bohemia"
he shows one form of his idea of the per
fect ..feminine; figure. . ' '. .
.'. -San Francisco's' society women; nearly.
: all possess square/ shoulders. The square
, shoulder : ls.'of i course, the fashionable
... shoulder .' up -to : date."_ Nearly, all' of Lon
:'. don's * famous • beauties are"- square shoul
dered, and this Is alsotrue of .the' "pro
fessional beauties'.' of New York and Chl
•;,CagO.; . 'XI : - '.'"¦¦ '¦'..' '.-»-'• , -''., ': >•¦ S.; /
Our' grandmothers had sloping shoul
r ders;' our. mothers' as 'seen by the "styles
* of 1SG0-65 were also 'slope shouldered. .» But
"' they •, were ', not •; so : healthy « as - the > strap
ping shouldered .young .women
of ' to-day. /¦ .;.;.'
.: Mrs.. Charles Fox Fay. Is rated as being
: r the - possessor, of Ithe; prettiest -shoulders
.of , any; local * society : woman— in spile , of
'•; the'- artists; to/ the contrary.'. ¦. Her/ shcul
» ders' are -plump,: white itand /dimpled.".
¦*" k Mrs.>" Joseph : Sadoc Tobln's: shoulders
; are", well -."shaped,* massive^ shoulders: that
'.would' be. 1 the ! dellght^of '&'¦ sculptor. ;V Mrs;
•J.-' Johri s I.*; Merrill f Jr.'r has' 1 perfect" shoulders,
,too square i nor; too -slopffig.;. Mrs.
¦ : James ,/Follis: ;(Mary \Bell Gwin) _-' has
charmingly sloped shoulders. :Mlss L.ocle
Kins has, as pretty a pair of shoulders
as ever ¦ graced the anatomy of a^bud.
Mrs. Thomas Magee (Helen Curtis) has
largo and* statuesque shoulders. Mrs.
"Will Jackson and Mrs. Bertha Stringer
Lee of the Sketch "Club areJboth remark
able as the possessors of shapely slop
insr shoulders. 'Mrs. Bertha Henlcke
Tausig, also a Sketch Club member (she
.is now in Paris) has lovely sloping shoul
ders. .
Miss Maude Smith, president of the
Chaminade Club, is another owner of
sloping shoulders. But all these are ex
ceptions to, the rule of square shoulders.
™ M , rS -*, W -" c F V Wh!ttle!V MIss J *"n'e
; Blair, Mrs. S. G. Buckbee, . Mrs. Walter
Dean , Miss .Elena ' Robinson, - Mrs. Martin
Crummins '(Margaret Cole), Miss Kath
ryn Dillon, Mrs. Augustus Gaylor—in
deed, v nearly ¦• all of the ' beauties of the
local : swim— have : the stylish, square
shoulders more ' or less pronounced. '.
Mrs. '.James 7" L. .Flood's shoulders are
large, but 1 rather slcplngjher whole ap
pearance iSvMadonna-like. ' Miss Beatrice
Sachs has -small, slim, but 'square shoul
ders. Emanuel: Heller's shoulders
are ; somewhat sloping and 'girlish In out
,line.* Mrs. .Will f Crocker and her x sister,
Princess : Ponlatowskl, ,' have •„ fine shoul
ders,' plump and gracefully. curved. Mlsa
Alice I Rutherford . (Mrs. ., George '¦ Crocker's
A BEAUTIFUL PAIR OF
SHOULDERS11
-- ¦— i - :¦ -..vs.,.—...-,*.-- v=*.""''»,
THE STJNDAT CALIi/
with all classes of his flock. Mrs. Ainslie
was greatly beloved by all who knertv'her,
so the villagers roused themselves to do
honor to both bride and bridegroom. .A
flower-wreathed arch spanned the en
trance of the village street, school ch'l
dren, clad in their best, lined the church
yard ;path along which the wedded pair
must pass,. each child armed with; a bas
ket of flowers ..to. scatter before the feet
of the bride, "and, mmd, children,, you
are to scatter, them before her, not to pelt
her with them," were the schoolmistress's
wise instructions— counsels too often for
gotten by enthusiastic rice scatterera at
many a fashionable wedding, when the
luckless bride and bridegroom are treated
with a stinging shower of the grain aimed
directly at their persons, often at their
faces. ¦.'¦-'.
The "sun was bright; the day warm, the
joy bells ringing merrily, "everything ap
propriate for a wedding," as ¦ the school
mistress remarked. Every inhabitant who
could do so had flocked the church to be
liuld • the interesting ceremony; and the
village .street looked lonely arid deserted,
"J Knew tjou &)ou(d Come Sack to tide Someday. *
venient heap to await the return of. the
sightseers. ..¦¦-..
* "I. be sure to hear all the news from
Polly— she have a long tongue, like all
the women," philosophically reflected the
old man.' , ,
VYou . have gay doings here to-day,
friend," ' remarked the stranger, as he
came up. .-.',..
"Aye, to be sure; It's the passon's wed
din' day, and. Madam Ainslie, she's put
off her mournin' at last." .
A sudden spasm passed across' the
bronzed countenance of the stranger, t
"Madam Ainslie — do you mean the lady ;
¦who lives at the Knoll?" ,
"Aye." responded Roeer, "I do, and ; a
good, kind, lady she is, as.u3-poor folks
know well. .'Twas, mostly to see her I?
was a-golng to the weddin*. Passon's
well enough, but I've knpwed Madam the
longest." , - „¦
"And she— Marian . Ainslie— is going to
be married you say?'! asked the;
stranger eagerly.- -
1 Roger 'nodded. ¦¦'
"Marian Ainslie— that be : the bride's j
name right enough. It's been cried out
in church these last thtee Sundays— "'
The stranger, a tall, fine-looking man,
absolutely ptaggered for a moment, as .
If he had received a blow; then sat down .
by Roger's side. ' ¦ "¦>
"What else could I have expected ?"_.hc
murmured. "I was a fool to come here,"
and a strange , kind, of dizziness seemed
to overpower him.-- • , -'• ¦:¦ •¦ •,-
Qld Roger, half, blind and wholly self
engxosspd, did not note his ; companion's
cgitation. ¦>. •": . , ¦ .
"There be fine doings In the vfllage to
day," maundered on the old man, Va tea':
to all- the chlltler > and a ~ dinner tn the
'older folks. I bo too old to go to thicky I
feasts, so. Madam she said she'd . send
me anice\blt of trie prog at home. The
weddln's going on now,? and Roger,' re
membering the meal that-was to. follow
It, awoke to a great .vivacity, "man and
wife' the friend of passon's,.. who 'corned '
over to do the job. is makin' of 'emnow ;
—why, -. sir, ¦ you . do look bad,"* as the'
stranger's • ghastly i face attracted even
Roger's attention, "be you took 111?"
- "No," I. only hurried- a' little too much In
thishot sun," feoidthe stranger, suddenly
rising to his feet with swift resolution. 1 •
Harry— for , the, newcomer was no other
than the long-lost sailor— had now over- .
come: his .momentary; weakness. For. a
! tidings, but his sense of duty came to his
aid. - .-. '
"It seems actually cruel to appear !n
.this way after . the poor child has — very
excusably— forgotten me and put another
love in my place," Ainslee said to himself,
"but it is the only thing to do, and Min
nie would be iho first to say- ao.- - 1 * will
not trouble her with my presence after
to-day;., I can easily get afloat again, and,
•who knows, fate may be kinder in my
next voyage— to Minnie as to me,"' he
added.bitterly. ¦•.;' . ;
The little, church was crowded, but the
stranger .pushed: his way in with an utter
disregard of politeness and strode up the
afsle. Before the .altar stood a graceful
girlish vision, which he. recognized as that
of his Minnie of nineteen years ago; he
noted the. same snowy raiment and veil,
the same, golden hair; was he mad or
dreaming— had the long years which had
passed left no trace upon that' bright,
smil!ng, ' girlish face; could the bride of
to-day be so absolutely identical with her
former self of so long ago? . ¦ . ..
As he paused in . sheer amazement he .
heard the soft' tones of . a well remem
bered voice. . . i -. '¦¦'•"¦¦
VI, Marl an, "began the bride, repeating
the very words spoken- on the • salf-same
spot to himself on his own wedding day.
. "There is an impediment," cried the
stranger. ": stepping forward, to ! the • unut
terable horror and consternation of the
decorous -village ; congregation, who fully
• believed -.that- a ' dangerous" lunatic had
come among them, but the next -moment
a woman's voice rang out clear" and joy
ful. ¦ . / ;¦ ¦:. - ¦; . ..•• • -•¦.-...¦¦
"Harry, my own husband! I knew, you
.would come back -' to me some day," and
loving arms were clasped around hj«» neck
ord.f- -fair end gracious • woman, wltii all
the bride's beauty matured, rather than
faded, was weeping tears of "joy on his
breast. v\ ¦' ' ' , ¦¦¦ ¦' - .:'. V>. : . -,-. ::,' \ '- ¦ ¦
. Minnie, his Minnie; assuredly beautiful
slill. though 'no longer the girl .wife from
whom hq had parted. /Indeed," as her hus- ;
band iRazed.upon her 'now, he' thought
that the- years had rather added to . her
charms than robbed her of any; for the
bloom' of .ertrly girlhood had been replaced
by a sweet- and gracious dignity..- a calm
serenity of ; expression which ;only. comes\
to those have ."lovedi and endured,
and: been, patient." •• But who. then; -was
.this f air t maiden in her bridal array.' who
was now gazing with widely dilated eyes
upon the amazing spectacle of her mother
—ordinarily so calm and composed—cling
ing passionately to the neck of the stran
ger who had, in this extraordinary man
ner. Interrupted the wedding ceremony?
"Our daughter. Harry, the child whom
you never saw." whispered Minnie; to
whom indeed her husband's return seemed
less startling than to any of the other
spectators— perhaps because, In her secret
heart, 'the fond wife hadnever ceased to
"hope against hope."
The old parish clerk, a very crabbed and
matter-of-fact personage., now struck In
with an admirable common sense remark.
"Be this weddin' to be finished to-da/
or- not— for it , do be nigh 12 o'clock," he
remarked severely., • . ¦ ;
Dawkins had his official position to con
sider, and was not going to allow orthodox
church ceremonials to be thus interrupted
by the abrupt.arrlval of folks who were
supposed to be drowned and dead years
ago. • ' • • : « . . •
The officiating clergyman wisely took
the hint, and hastily proceeded with the
service; in which the bride and bride
groom, albeit both somewhat agitated
duly bore their parts, while the elder cou
ple behind them held each other's hands
tightly, and felt as If they were them
selves renewing their own marriage vows.
'"•¦••Inr-the. seclusion "of the vestry, explana
tions took place, while the expectant
crowd without waited long for tho re
-appearance of the bride and bridegroom '
and the marvelous news of "Madam Aln
clie's husband's" return flew from lln to
lip/ \. ¦• ;,- ' , _ . . .'. ¦ . <
The Joy at her husband's reappearance
seemed to have rendered Mrs. Alnsfee ln
sensibleVeven to surprise, and she alone
asked no questions regarding those nine
teen "years of- silence. She had always
cherished a secret hope that her husband
would return to her, and to-day this hope
had been- fulfilled; she had- him back
again.- and this bliss swallowed up all
other thoughts. It. was rather to the eag
er'ears, of the. re"5t of the party in the
vestry that Harry Alnslle now related the
strange ; tale of his adventures. since I e
had left :his young bride some nineteen
summers ago. . • ¦. • j . .
: It was all too- true that the luckless
"Calliope had ,'Toundered at sea, 1 '.. but, as
often ; happened in such disasters, a< few
of the crew hai survived: Harry, and two
other . men. These had rigged up a raft
and been at. langth washed up on th«
shores of a small uninhabited island in
the Pacific. Here they had remained tor
years, subsisting on game, fruit and fish
(happily the islet contained several
springs of fresh water) and having al3o
saved some few necessaries ¦ from the
ship's stores on their raft. Years went
by without any hope of rescue, and Aina
lie was left the sola survivor of the trio
who had originally landed on the islet,
One of his companions had died very
shortly after the wreck (from Injuries re
ceived while m the water), the other
passed away some years afterward.
Thus Ainslie was left all alone and hers
hfs recollections became a blank. Some
ten years after the loss of the Calliope the
trew of a local trading vessel, driven out
of her course by contrary winds, landed
at the island in search of water. They
found what they sought: they also found
a man. clad in Kkins like a veritable Rob
inson Crusoe, who hailed them in Eng->
lish, but was unable to give any clear ac-»
count of himself, or to state how he came
where he was. The long years Of loneli
ness in this solitary islet had told
strangely upon Ainslie' 3 brain) and, by
one of those curious instances of lapse of
memory well known' tJ doctors, his mind
had become a complete blank regarding
the whole of his past life,
* The crew of the trading vessel toek him
.off in their boat, and, when on board the
vessel, the sight of -the familiar nautical
surroundings awoke remembrances of hia
old professional skill; whence his rescuers
concluded he must have been an officer
or captain of some wrecked vessel:; but;
Ainslie could tell them nothing of hia own
past life, nor even recall how long he had.
been on the island,. In all other respects
his mental faculties were sound, he eas
ily resumed the habits of civilization, and,
when he was landed at San Francisco,
whither the trading vessel 'was bound, the
tale of his romantic adventures attracted
interest and he found friends. But the
citizens of San Francisco had either never
heard of the Calliope's fate or had Ion?
ago forgotten it, and no one thought of
identifying the stranger with one of the
passengers of a vessel "missing" for over
ten years. -i - :
"John Smith." as he now called himself,
settled down to his work in a shipowner's
office, a quiet and silent man. with the sad
mystery of his own life ever pressing on
him. He made few acquaintances and led
an almost hermit existence, his one hope
and prayer being that he might regain,
the recollection of his past life, the knowl
.edge of his own identity. His wish was
answered by a sudden accident. Strolling
round the docks one day he found his
hand abcuptly grasped by the captain of
a lately arrived Knglish vessel.
"Good heavens, Ainslie, for you are
Ainslie I am sure, where have you been
hiding for the last nineteen years? We
thought the Calliope foundered then with
' all hands on board." -
"Ainslie!" The sound of his own name
brought back In a moment all the lost
past. Harry remembered all now. hia
wedding, his "last cruise." the shipwreck
— was all this nineteen years ago? Ex
planations rapidly ensued between Harrv
and his friend, a former schoolfellow and
early messmate, who had recognized Ains
lie, in spite of the lapse of years since
they had met. partly by hla features, also
by a personal peculiarity."
"When I saw you walking along I said
• to myself, 'why. that must be Ainalie.
whom we all thought dead,' but when I
looked at your left hand I knew I was
right."
An accident In boyhood had necessitated
the amputation of the first joint of Har
ry's left hand little linger, and his friend
had not forgotten this mark.
Good Captain Barton was somewhat
perplexed to understand how a man.
sensible in all other points as Ainslie cer
. tairily was, could have so utterly forgot
ten his own name and identity for so
many years, but yielded at last to Ham
let's conviction that "there are more
things in heaven and earth than are
dreamt of In your philosophy.".
To fly back to England on the> wings of>
the wind was Ainslie's one desire, and it
was with a chill at heart that he yielded
to his friend's counsels to refrain from
writing or communicating until he ar
rived Jn person.
"Nineteen years fs a long -time to be
away." said Captain Barton, warnlngly.
and Ainslie understood the unspoken sen
timent that underlaid the words. His
wife might be now dead— or another's!
Captain Barton could give no Informa
tion on the subiect; Minnie's life had been
too retired for her to keep up Intercourse
even 'with her husband's old friends, and.
it was with anxiety, even with dread,
'that Alns».e -returned to England and
hastened to t>e quiet, country village
where he had left his ' young bride so
many years before. And here, as we have
related, the long lost wanderer found the
faithful wife -waiting and hoping still,
and discovered in the bride whose wed
ding he so strangely Interrupted, a sweet
daughter of whose very birth he had been
S "A.nd now I have only found my daugh
ter to lose her again," as Harry would
' sometimes say In Jest, In the happy days
that followed. ¦ -^j.-
But the "loss" had not separated
Marian very far from her parents, for
the Rectory and the . Knoll were close >
neighbors. Also, within a year of Ains
lie's return, another little daughter was
born at the Knoll, followed, In due time,
by a baby brother. Minnie Ainslie's cup
of happiness was now Indeed full; and, as
her friend3 said, she still looked "young
enough to be her daughter's sister."
The family circle — with some of the
nephews and niecei at the Rectory, so
closely contemporary with their little
aunt and uncle at the Knoll, was rather a
perplexing one to strangers; and the story
of Mrs. Alnslee's married -- life was pro
nounced a "real romance."
"W<s lost nineteen years of our married
life together, my darling," Harry would
sometimes say to his faithful wife, "but
I think we have all the accumulated hap
piness of those lost years granted to us
now-when we are together again." '
"I " never quite lost all hope/ Harry,"
whispered " Minnie, "not «even when they
made me wear my widow's dress. At
least; dearest, I felt you were mine al
ways, and I knew that we should meet
again one day, whether I went to you or
you returned to me. . You remember th« •
motto you had . engraved in my wedding
ring, /ndelis.'^B&58g®6 . -
«¦ "I remember the woman who acted that
motto in her life." . replied the happy,
husband, clasping his wife in his arms.
of his home, as she was already- of hU
heart. Minnte almost echoed the gossips'
cry regarding her own early wedlock: and
Mr Herbert half smilingly reminded the
mother that her daughter, if she married
him at once, would be an older bride than
she herself had been.
Again, in the pecond generation, tho
lovers' pleading overbore the hesitation of
the elders. The rector was all that was
cood and estimable: he had been a fa
miliar visitor in the Ainsleo household
ever since his induction into the parish
some four vears previously, and if hfs own
years, some ?hJrty-two in number, were
rather in advance of his bride's seventeen
Tor "nearly eighteen now," as Marian
KaidV it was a fault upon the right side,
"and another reason against delay"." as
xfr Herbert urged. Marian's father had
bL-n"but : 24 when he had wedded a yet
more eirllsh r ride.
"And you will not lose your daughter;
ehe will be close by,you still." pleaded the
prospective bridegroom; so Minnie yielded.
The wedding was to be a village festival.
The rector had becomo .very popular
The ill-fated Tallicpe ssilrd away to the
¦Western f*»?.s and was heard of no mora
Jt is nefd!»«?«! rtv dwell upon the sad tale
of the months and years that followed;
tho doubts, the suspense, the vain hopes,
the <-atf hing'nt rumors, and, at last, as
the Ion,? years passed by, the sad cer- ,
tainty that th* first erue! report of the
missing vessel "supposed to have found
ered at sea with all hands on board," was
but too true a talc.
"Returned mirEing." with its harassing
doubt and uncertainty. 1b. in many re-
Fperts.. a crueler pain to bear than the
actual knowledge that our loved ones are
tnken awav from earth. For how many
years d'd Marian CMinn'.e. as her house
hold name ran) listen for a familiar foot
fall on the threshold, watch anxiously for
the village postman, eagerly scan the
newspapers for any chance account of
"Rome rtrange returning
Of one wncm all thought dead."
But five. ten. fifteen, eighteen yeans
passed away without ore word or token
from the missing; and even Minnie had
been forced to outwardly abandon hope,
to assume a widow's drers. to take legal
possession of her husband's property in
the interests of the baby who had come
to bless and comfort her In her desola
tion ar.d eorrow. "the child whose face its
fnther never saw." at the young mother
often said with tears.
It was a long time before Minnie would
consent to own herself a widow; and even
•when, in deference to the wishes of rela
tives, she agreed to submit to the out
ward marks of bo doing, in her own heart
the girl cherished some wild, vague hope
Still.
"\\> shall never m*et our lad again un-'
til the pea gives up its dead." said the old
rector kindly but firmly, for he believed
it would be better for the young widow
to "accept the fact of her bereavement";
and Minnie was silent, but in her heart
the thought of the poet's story of "Enoch
Arden." a tale which has h£d its many
counterparts in real life. "If my husband
comes back after forty years he shall at
least find me faithful and waiting for
him." thought the girl with a stifled sob.
More than once in the later years had
Minnie received an offer to change her
condition, offers which even the rector. .
verv aged and broken now, had gently
blamed her for refusing.
"Child, it Is over sixteen years now
Eince our poor boy— and all the crew
sailed away, and not one word or line
has ever come from any one on board the
Calliope. There, is no possible doubt that
the vessel foundered in midooean In that
terrible gale. You are a young woman
etill and have life before you; if you
could make this honest young fellow hap
pv"
*"I am waiting for Harry," said Minnie,
trith a bright flush on her cheek.
"My darling, he will never come again
to us in this world."
"Then I will wait to go to him." said
Minnie firmly, and the old man said no
more; although, as he and Miss Leslie
Fimetiraes remarked to each other, it
•would have been a comfort to both of
ihfm to have seen their darling safe In
mme sooi man's care before their call •
cnif. '
Hut Minnie was constant to the love of
her. youth, to the husband of one brief
**pe» month's time, and the care and ed
'j'; tin of- her little daughter- filled up
tr.i;,!, ,, f the blank in her heart.
. iMari&n. the younger, was a sweet and
loyable <hild. unspoiled by all the devo-
Uon lavished upon her by her mother, and
.':'*T<''at-aunt. and great-uncle; and as the
rjtitUe one irovr Into girlhood she and her
¦¦;y>uns mother (but eighteen years dis
- lance. <ji aEe between the pair) became
tur-h . "ompk-te and perfect companions as
to greatly soften Minnie's sense of in-
loneUnepfe: as first the old rector.
and trur, Mj=s J^eslie, were laid to rest
: -*Wjfr the lime trees in the churchyard.
foe young widow and her child lived on
**M in the house which Harry had titled
yp for his bride, and a peaceful round of
.'¦naritabJe works and Innocent occupations
¦JW inu rests filled up the quiet days: until
-winriH- experienced the shock which comes
y» all parents when they suddenly realize
:jnat. their "children." still so youthful in
in* eyes of their fathers and mothers, are •
£T.J n . lo manhood and womanhood, and.
\vh "" tu J" n> are wooing and being wooed, I
;» np n the new rector of the parish, a
Mr *'? rl hy and estimable man, first toM i
wit', Alnsl >* «f his hope and desire that 1
Eiin Wu ttle Ma «-ian." as her mother
tuu ciLlk-d herj mluht become the mistress
f>f UCH a child to be married!" cried
V^^. all the village gosrii»3 when They
yj heard that the handsome young
k-,_v sailor who had been paying a
farewell visit to his uacie, the
rector cf Clovorme&d. was intending to
carry off the fairest flower of the local
"garden of girls" as his bride. Yes. 17 was
very young to assume the caress of wed
lock, and Aunt Margaret long: resitted the
pleadings of the lovers and wished for de
lay. But Harry Ainslee would Uike no de
nial; not even although he would be
obliged to leave his young wife, a month
after their wedding, to sail upen the expe
dition to which he had pledged himself be
fore the eudden death of a distant relative
had i)ltLced him In sucO comfortable -pe
cuniary circumstances as to make him
quite independent of hU profession. Lieu
tenant Ainslee had now rieoided to quit
the navy us goon as he had returned from
this last expedition, from which, h-jwever.
he could r.ot honorably retire at the last
moment, It was a vcyage of scientific ex
ploration amors? seme of the Pacific
islands, with whose geogTap'iic:il pjritijn
Ainslee was particularly well acquainted;
he had placed his professional experience
at the service or the organizers cf thLs ex
pedition, all their arrangements were com
pleted, and he could not abruptly break
faith with them.
'•Wait to be married ustH you return."
paid Aunt Margaret, in hc-r capacity of
guardian to the orphan girl whote affec
tions the young sailor had wor.j but. as
Harry pointed out in. « private interview
with the old lady, he earnestly wished to
feel that, r<hni:ld any untoward accident
occur on this "Jaet crui;-e." he had at
least left his darling Minnie secured
a?»inRt poverty,
"It is better that I should leave her all
I possess when sh«» Is my wife. Instead of
merely my betrothed." urged the lover,
and Miss Les'ie could but agree
Marian berse'f had nnihir.s— Miss Kee
lie's little annuity d'ed with her— fo there
vas sjirc reason In Hurry's argument;
1'ncL'eh the old lady echoed, in other
vords, the nne'.ent pagan cry of "Absit
Omen." as Hairy spoke of the pobi-ibility
of his Don- return.
As M*Ft Lf-'Jif- wa« «v»nt to eay !n th«
lat*"- years, it almost. kerned cs if the
ynuiiR ir?n's precaution had been pro
r>!'f tic. Th* nu'.et bridal took place, t nnd
Hurry and Mirian were linked together
for weal and woe; thr-n came a tew
•works' happy I cur t^erother. th« installa
tion nf the you<ig wife in a pretty hcuse
rot fj:r fiom her eld abode, where sh«
end her £ur<t were to pass the year of
l.r-r husband's absence then followed an
ozonized part'.r.jj. and then— "the rest was
bilenee." <
[Copyright in the 13 m ted States of Amer
v^ica by D. T. Pierce.]
By J&IC" Jfardy.
SUPPOSED TO HAVE FOUNDERED
AT SEA
as a stranger walked up it, and glanced
about him, as If desirous of making some
Inquiry. -
On a heap of stones at a corner of the
road sat old Roger, as he was popularly
called, one of the most venerable inhabi
tants of the village, very deaf, partially
blind, and therefore probably leas affected
by the general excitement than were the
rest of ni« neighbors. The grand daugh
ter, with whom the old man resided, had
gone off to the church with all her chil
dren but old Roger found the walk uphill
rather a long one. and had wisely depos
ited himself comfortably upon this - cou-
moment the news which he had for som£
while past so dreaded. aijd yet almost
expected to hear, had completely un
nerved him; but now he remembered that
he had a duty to perform.
"My darling, 1 have injured you enough
already," he murmured passionately.
"Heaven knows I wish I had never lived
to return, at all— as matters stand— but I
know your true, pure heart and I cannot
let you wrong yourself and an Innocent
man by tnklns this step in ignorance."
Bitter reflections surged in the mind of
this other "Enoch Arden" 'as he strode
up the narrow lane which led to the vil
lage church; but amid them all was no
hard thought of the wife who, as he be
lieved, was now taking upon herself, vows
to another. Nineteen years was an ab«
pence which might well have tried the
firmest consistency, and it was no wonder
thttt the -young widow had consoled her
self at last. Indeed, as he pressed on,
Alnslie's chief regret was that he must,
by his sudden appearance", shock and dis
tress the 1 woman whom he- still so devot
edly loved; his first inclination had been
to turn* away acaln on hearing Rogers¦-¦ .¦-'-.¦ ¦-'¦,- ; • i . ¦:.-¦ . , ¦ . -¦ .
THE SUNDAY CALL. ;
IT isn't all fun, even though they tro
pretty. Being a melodramatic bou
brette means having troubles of your
own.' It has even been proposed In
the East that * an organization would
not be out of order for these young
women. Let them hold together, ¦ say
the promoters: let them strike when the
need is. They have rescued enough
heroes' lives at the peril of their own;
they have slid with avalanches, they have
ridden on fire engines, they have been
drowned in canvas oceans. Let them or
ganize. Let them hold together for pro
tection. There won't be any live ones to
do the work if things keep on, at this
. These girls up at the Central Theater
are" on the high road to all kinds of ava
lanches, fire engines and burning bridges.
That's" exactly what -they want. There
is glory In the thing, and glory is what
they are after. /They don't'- care for.
sprained ankles- or " dislocated, shoulders
or broken . spines. Broken necks, even,
would have ., the color; of heroisml As
long as' they are permitted to take
chances : on their* neck's, their arms and
their legs; they consider, themselves in it.
So it looks as if they would t be the last
people in the world to organize and gtf"
on a strike because they are air in dan
ger of losing • their lives. Apparently
they enjoy the thrills ' quite' as ¦ much as
the audience does. ;; : ._
: Even as young as the Central Theater
, is, it has already acquired its traditions
to be handed down to theatrical posterity.
There are. many tales told, about the
v hairbreadth escapes- of these girls . who
are being called by the new slang "super
ettes." Thetruth is, they didn't like to
be called. "supes" and they were notfquite
soubrettes, although on the road to that
title, and Marion Nolan it was who. pro
posed that '"superette" be the .title and
-it hat it has remained. " •
-The audiences who \watch the red-hot
melodrama that goes >n there- w*eek after
week do not think much about/the'dan
gers that surround the girls wbo cline to
All this comes " of realism' on the stage,
and the k Central, prides itself- upon this
kind of realism.;* So 'long as there are real
explosions; real horses, _ real rope suspen
sions, the heroines of melodrama and real
istic plays are going to have thei,r
bruises. It Is said that when Robert
Downing "gets worked up" it Is all your
life is worth to '; be near him... With his
short . sword he . makes havoc, slaying
.whomsoever 'gives him the chance. Helen
Harlan knows this. ~< : She remembers It
every time she sees a scar.. In his produc
tion _of the mob scene in "Julius Caesar"
he lias the clubs wielded, so realistically
that- Marion Nolan was knocked over at
one performance. ¦ v«? • ' - . , r -
All the theatric ; world over there -are
nlentv of such storieatold-by the mionla
Mae Mason has had her troubles with
the horse that Georgia Cooper has been
ridfng in "A" Night ¦ at the Circus."
Georgiasays the horse, is all right, but
she really doesn't know because she is on 1
it. f The : people standing ; around ¦ are . the
ones that it chooses for Its neatly aimed
kicks. Mae Mason has stood near, and
she is now wearing bandages. 3
Well— the wire broke. Down she went,
down, down, and down went the curtain.
She had the grit to go on with the 'part,
although every : move-was agony. But
she would rather 'play" home and mother,
comedy In the future.; She says that tha
greatest thrills in those lie in paring po
tatoes and rocking a cradle. ~
' In "Old Glory" she swung by a strand
from a cliff to a lighthouse when the dis
obliging Chileans had done something to
the bridge.. To the glance of the audi
ence she was hanging on a strand of rope;'
in reality she was supported by a good
strong wire hanging from the flies. As
the strand had no strength she depended
entirely, upon the wire. .
Lorena Atwood, who was playing lead-
Ing parts at one time, had blood-curdling
experiences. She' played the heroine's
part in "The Heart of. Maryland" and the
clapper of the bell was always a trouble
some thing to manage. At last it swung
hard against the side of the bell and with
one great blow the heroine was knocked
senseless. : ' '.' '• • -
In one play where a tank of water was
used there came very near being a real
drowning. Sada Willis tripped when
she should have passed the tank; it stood
in the place, of an ocean and there was
plenty of real water in it, for the heroine
who shoud have fallen in, in the place of
Miss Willis, . was intended to- make a
"good splash. When bada fell-in it was her
good fortune that ; Bob Cummings' hap
pened to be looking on. Bob 1 let his own
Jurt go to wherever .t wanted to go and
plunged after her and he pulled out a
young lady . : - who was about as near
drowning as she ever wants to be. -
.Then one night the safe exploded too
explosively. It .went off with the usual
bang— the. cap was an energetic "one— and
the small ¦' children present with their
mammas were; the only ones frightened.
But when the stage hands went about
picking up the scattered properties they
found that Belle Baker was one. of those
properties. The -'explosion had tipped
over a scene which', had tipped over her
and in the general downfall she had
struck the edge of a table, whicn cut her
temple. It was no 'stage blood that she
shed, but the real thing. . :
Until the wagon crashed into Berlena
Aldred— she was a black and blue Ber
lenawhen the, affair was over and she
had a task of it to hide her limp for a
week, i . . ¦
Firstr the bag of money hit Clarissa
• Eudell. It was thrown vigorously
through a window and struck her a blow
like that of a sandbag. Somehow the
rest of the people on the stage made be
lieve thatshe didn't faint and as soon as
she had Recovered consciousness she made
believe likewise and all was smooth sail
ing. *
a rope dangling in mid air, who drop from
burning buildings. , Usually the curtain
goes down in tinie for them to think that
everything comes out as it was expected
to come out. i , . . ". \> ;V S /
It was in "Th'e War of Wealth," .hot as
a firecracker, that there occurred a chap
ter cf accidents that kept arnica'; plaster
and surgery in demand. ¦".
wno rave played in this school of drama.
"The Bowery After • Dark," as it was
played In some of the smaller towns, was
a terror for the soubrette, and. the part
nearly killed one girl. The rescues which
Terry McGovern performed himself in his
own. version were given over to the young
lady in the company which did .not take
Terry along, and she was made life-saver
to the whole crowd. ' •'•'_"'
In one scene she had to be let.down tn
the stage by a rope. This worked bean
tifully for a while, but the night came
when the rope gave way and there was «
long siege in the hospital as a result Nor
did she ever go back to the part. 'Vaude
ville was" safer, she decided, and -she ieft
melodrama ror u.
,A melodrama called "The Tide of Ufe"
JVfii^wo y * a Jk 1 "" 1 - ' rhe climax of one
thrill was in the soubrette sliding on a
rope from the second story of a ware
house. . She was a well trained athlete,
and these feats were so much a matter of
course to her that she didn't think of re
hearsing them. But the manager was a
careful man and insisted that she try the
side once before the curtain went up
Ihe i.ronerty man, by the way. has -al
ways been made the scapegoat of theatri
cal disasters to life and limb. So he^t
was who was blamed in this case, and
probably he deserved all that he got. He
had provided a slight, braided bell cord
and when the. girl took her slide she
reached its goal with all the skin torn
trom the palms of her hands, owing to
the rojpe being too small around- to be
graspea pr».^.tiy.
She had no time to take care of herself
properly. Somebody wrapped up tha
naiius as well as' could be done In tha
hurry, for It was almost time for the cur
tain to go up. It was only twenty min
utes later that she had to make the slide
again. The wounds were cruelly torn onco
more, and half fainting she kept her
hands as much out cf sight as she could
while she staggered across the stage to
climb the deck of a ship by clinging to a
ladder in order that she might save the
hero. Before the final curtain touched the
floor of the stage she had fainted and was
borne off the stage unconscious In the
arms of the villain, who stopped hissing
long enough to carry her.
As soon as she came to consciousness
she handed in her two weeks' notice. Sho
bad saved all the lives she wanted to.
12
PRETTY GIRLS AT THE
CENTRAL THEATREContinued on Page : Fourteen. * .
Continued on. Page Fourteen,
jt^ HERMAN in sight.", The3e.were the words : telegraphy/.'on.^e|eyenIng. : of^u-;-V\
'S ust Z3 > 1899, ; from the li ghtsbip,'niny miles: from the
;-^V' ; rators located at the Cliff Hoiise.- ; : The* three-word message "marked the first V step , in the use of 4 '
Marconi's system for. hews gathering :; in'the ; whole world: ;. Messages had . previously^ been 'sent'.
byMarconi in an experimental, wayV;but; the
fornia Regiment, announced' 5 by The Call/ demonstrated the utility /of Marconi's system for securing rapid
WIRELESS TELEGRAPHY FIRST UTILIZED BY THE 1 CALL.
MEN WHO : FIGURE IN ¦ ESTAB
: : LJSHMENT . 'OF 'WIRELESS
TELEGRAPHY HERE.,' :'
races in . October; 1899. ¦.. Marconi . was. In
charge of the instruments placed on a ves
sel that foliowed the racing crafts and the
station was, located \] at .; Sandy
Hook. Every turn and move "of - the trim
yachts, battling for the possession . of ¦ the
cup,; was >sent flying :;through
: space and was given to the eager, residents
of ;New York City arid'. ; San -Francisco.'
- The ! wireless messages i received at Sandy.
" Hook were repeated by special .wire to this
• office of- The ¦', Call ' in San * Franclsco"-*and
¦ promptly displayed to thousands ' who
watched the -bulletin boards " In • front of
the Claus • Spreckels . building.
; "With'- a i; beating v of V tom-toms and ,tho
screech of -a, " siren, ~« the r,."yellow -fellow"
The success of The Call: in" securing' the
news of } the ' arrival of the ,' Sherman '< and
the ; results .'of , the ' yacht races ] by, means
of .telegraphy aroused the r cha
grin and, envy of Ncertalii "yellow news
papers*.'' ; Unable to understand the mag
nitude of Marconi's system and The Call's
enterprise; the : Examiner . hurled ridicule
and abuse, tinged \ with' venom. , .
displayed posters coinmentlng on The Call
and ' insulting the" great Inventor -Mardon!
by. distorting, his name into "Macaroni."
¦The- old nroverb ' that : • "f ools ; rush In -
where /wise. men. fear .to tread" .'_ was once
again demonstrated. -Like those who ridi- .
culed the' claims of Morse that it was pos
sible to flash a signal over a, wire from
Washington ' to ; Baltimore, < so the Exami
ner ridiculed the Marconi system of
raphyl Whlle/men of scjerice. hesitated^ to
pnss ah opinion, the enemies of Morse de-'
nour.ced him as a faker, a lesson followed
closely;. by •, the Examiner, in ridlcollng^
Mcrconi and the demonstrations made by
The. Call of .the great , Italian's .system'. .;, ,
The work started by '.The Call . In Aug
ust, 1899, has borne * good ; fruit ¦ and ' the
"yellow papers"; now.' dally r chronicle .the
marvelous results of wireless , telegraphy
all over the world.
¦ The first ' step ' taken by ¦ The Call In 1839"
to demonstrate the utility of the wireless
system ¦ of telegraphy led to 'remarkable
achievements in the use of the Marconi
system .almost Immediately. Messages
were .sent during the ; yacht races a dis-\
tance '¦ of '¦ forty miles from ' sea", to Sandy ;
Hook, and this feat was followed last year
by constant communication between ships .
of/ the British squadron ' while cruising In ,
the'i English Channel. ':;- ;
The' New-York Herald recently. Installed
a complete Marconi system at^Nantuoket :
and , ¦ incoming" trans-Atlantic : steamers
were able to repbrt^their arrival from dis
tances . varying from - fifty /to - 100 : miles.
The. most remarkable success has^ attend-,
ed 'the; use r'of .,¦ Marconi system ¦ on
board the .Cunard steamship* Lucania. So
city could.no longer stand the strain of
eager watching and waiting for news from
the broad bosom of the Pacific Ocean, The
Cell relieved the tension and demonstrat
ed the absolute utility of the _. wireless
system of • telegraphy. From the mast of
the lightship, nine miles from the . main
land, the mysterious Hertzian waves car
ried the welcome message of the sighting
of the Sherman to the ocean beach station
and a few seconds later- the expectant
citizens of San , Francisco Tvere surprised
'with the glad news. ; *.^:V^ «
The Call on that memorable day set an
example, that has: been followed on two
continents and has won a victory for San
Francisco' in the recognition/of the.Gov
ernment for the establishment of- the
wireless system of telegraphy between the
Farallones and the mainland.
BIG YACHT RACES- ;
ARE REPORTED
The example set . by The - Call was fol
lowed by the New York Herald In report-
Ing the result of the International yacht
THE CALL'S advocacy of the es
tablishment of a system of
wireless telegraphy between the
mainland and the Farallones
has resulted successfully, in
that Secretary Wilson of the
Agricultural Department has authorized
Chief Willis L. Moore of the United States
Weather Bureau to install a plant on the
sentinel rocks that nature has ; placed
thirty miles from the Golden Gate and en
trance to the bay of San Francisco.
Yesterday morning Alexander McAdie,
local forecast official of the Weather Bu
reau, received the following dispatch from
Chief Moore at Washington:.
"Secretary Wilson will authorize me to
Install a wireless system of telegraphy at
the Farallones and other Pacific Coast
stations Just es soon as there is any sys
tem suitable for installation."
With a system" of wlreles telegraphy be
tween the Farallones and Point Reyes and
Point Lobos the benefits that will accrue
cannot be overestimated. Xot only will it
be possible for Incoming ships to report
th/slr arrival off the coast l«ng before
they could be sighted by the most power
ful marine telescopes, but in case of acci
dent or distress help . could , be summoned
froxxf the city and valuable Uves and prop
erty saved. 4
Storms that sweep across the ocean . to
ward the Pacific cAst could be reported
hours before »he barometer " would give
any indication of a change in the weath
er, and the early news thus given to
farmers and fruit grower* would • result
In the saving of hundred* of thousands of
dollars worth of property. -
Front the evening 1 , hour on the 23d of
XuruBt, 1839, when Tfre Call by wireless
telegraphy signaled , the . arrival of the
transport- Sherman, with the First Cali
fornia Volunteers on board, experiments
have been carried on all over the world
with the mysterious Hertzian waves that
under the subtle hand of Gugllelmb Mar
coni have-Jaeen placed at the disposal of
mankind to annihilate space.. '.
GALL THE FIRST TO
TEST ITS UTILITY
The Call was ths first newspaper in the
world to give a practical demonstration^
"'of- the utility of Marconi's discovery and
invention. . -
Realizing the possibility that Marconi's
Invention. was destined, to revolutionize
the^system of teleBraphy, The Call d«>
termlned to spare, no expense In putting
to a rigid test the claims made by. Mar
coni that it was possible to telegraph
without the aid of connecting wires. How
well the test succeeded Is known to every
living man, woman and, child who resided
In San Francisco on August 23, 1899. V
With a plant installed at the lightship,
nine miles from the Cliff. House, and a
sin-'ilar plant located on the ocean beach
messages were flashed through the, ether
day after day during the week when the
arrival of the Sherman was expected.
These messages sent by means of the
wireless system ,. were, however, experi
mental. The great question to be solved
by The Call was whether Marconi's claims
could be . considered as of practical use to
commerce.. The 'whole State of California
wras interested in thearrival of her flght
; ing sons from the swamps of the island of
Luzoiii- . On.alK eldes'.'the,' question : . was
asked, "When ¦ will - the -Sherman - arrive T'
When it seemed as 'if .the people in this
.v . . - • ; ...
fTH^ HE .success attending the use of
I the Marconi ; wireless telegraph
I . system on board > the Cunard
¦ I steamship Lucania a few days
' JL ago has exceeded^ all expecta
v'/i 7. ; tlons - TQe Instruments on board
the ship kept up communication
with the' stations on ' shore on the run
from, Liverpool t to Queenstown and the
triumph - : of . wireless', telegraphy was
reached when a. message was sent "from
the ship -to Crookhaven. Ireland, a dis
tance of 100 miles.
For. several hours after the Lucanla
had crossed the bar of the Mersey com
munication between the vessel and land,
which very soon was lost. to sight from
her. decks, was • maintained. ..
First of all. wireless messages were sent
from on board the outward steamer to a
training steamer stationed In the Mersey,
the Conway. on which the Marconi ap^
paratus had been Installed.' -
Then th*re,came a time as the Lucania
crept along, the coast of North TTales,
when the "vessel got out of range, as It
were,'- arid communications -with the Con
way ceased, only to be reopened with a
second station as the Cunarder turned the
corner of the Island of Anglesey into St.
George's Channel.
This second - station was at Holyhead,
off , the western coast of Anglesey. Here,
af.its entrance, St. George's Channel is
some : sixty . miles across, and the route
followed by the Atlantic liners leaving
Liverpool; is well Vut toward the middle
of the channel, so that It Is rarely, that
the towering head can be seen by . pas
sengers. pBgjBf
. It .was riot long after she had lostwire-
|Swlmsnip^3|^e^mai
/" Land Stations ;
Message Is flashed
Through Spaee
Miles
Call's Advoeaey of
Mareoni System
l'& S.ueeessful
"¦ ¦ ¦¦¦¦ — , »
. ¦ . ¦ • ¦ ¦
Secretary; \\yilsoii
Issues an Order
to Install a Plant
LOSS OF THE RIO CITEt) AS AN OBJECT LESSON.
' - - ¦ • ' . ¦ ' ¦¦¦¦¦¦¦-¦ ¦•¦»'-- ¦ ¦-.:¦¦¦' '•¦ . -• '• • ¦.¦•-..¦¦¦"' ' ¦ ' ' ' '¦ ¦ ¦ ' '
fT IS doubtful if there is any great harbor in the world where .communication by means of wireless telegrauhy would be of greater value than
here in San Francisco, Nature has provided, it would almost seem, a 'great natural laboratory for the rneteorologist in the approaches to the
Golden Gate. No one can walk along the hills overlooking the bay without 'realizing tnat -the physical processes of cloudy condensation are he
shown to perhaps greater advantage than in any other part of the world. In simpler words, problems of fog formation are so wonderfulhere that
we wonder why some one does not attempt a critical study of the fogs. ( -
The loss of the ill-fated Rio de Janeiro a few months ago, appalling as the tragedy was, and in many ways it was the most remarkable a'cei
dent that ever happened to a ship within sight of land, removes the question of fog study from the purely, speculative , arid makes it incumbent
upon the commercial of San Francisco to see to it without delay that some means of quick and certain communication is established be
tween incoming and o tgolng vessels and the Fand. It seems to me that the Marconi method is exactly what is heeded at this port, It would also
be of great assistance to the forecaster, especially in connection with the heavy southeast storms which break in upon us during the* winter
months. And it should not be forgotten that even when established we shall have made but a BEGINNING in this great problem of communi
cating over a wide range of country without the; necessity of intervening metallic conductors* . ,
GOVERNMENT WILL ESTABLISH SYSTEM
OF WIRELESS TELEGRAPHY BETWEEN
SAN FRANCISCO AND THE FARALLONES
PRICE V FIVE CENTS.
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, JUNE \ 231, 1901— THIRTY-TWO PAGESw
VOLUME XC— NO. 23.
Will
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.Continued From Page Thirteen.
MESSAGE FLASHED THROUGH SPACE
PARIS, June 22.-Great interest is taken
J". e i n^ xperlments *n' wireless telegraphy
which Colonel Pilsoudskl of the Russian
army is now making near Paris. He has
succeeded in transmitting Marconi waves
much more easily through ground than
air. He says that the distance a message
can be sent by the new system is practi
cally unlimited. > His instrument is effect
ive for onlyvflfty yards through air,- but
half a mfle 3 messages underground^ for
A new signal for an electric railwav ls
about to be installed in Paris on^hTTail
7 n^K^n^ g JA Om the Old Orleans 8ta«on
l?r£*J2 U ?l d * Ors £ y ' Tne sl^ nal is so con
structed that when lowered it cuts off
automatically the electric current just be
fore trains enter the station. This inrio-
d a nt°s n calcu - lated to Prevent many. acc°-
SENDS MESSAGES ;
THROUGH; GROUND
ic^i plant used by Th e Call In August,
1899, to report the arrival of the transport
Sherman and the First California Regi
ment would not.be available to send wire
lesb messages between. th* Farallones and
the shore. \ -\ . ¦ -/ ,--,
The Instruments were able to carry mes
f£ se Z, f . or a di8 ta-nee of ten miles, while
the distance from the shore to the Faral
wEf >,« I^ y +1 mil f s - Tne electricians
who handled the instruments for The
Call estimate that a complete plant- to
eoltatout J50oT Ce ° f thl «y miles would
fog and_ cannot be seen by the lookouts 'at
Point Reyes or Point 'Lobos. Wireless
telegraphy would solve that problem.
Vessels equipped with the Instruments
could report in to the FarallonesThen
they were many miles out at sea, and if
aid was wanted in case of accident, word
could be sent to the city at once for tugs
It requires no stretch of the imagination
f«i£ CtU /if l ? e . m S ny . that will
follow the installation of wireless teleg
raphy here. •
"It will be of enormous advantage,"
said McAdle, i <and Tne Cal1 ls to be con "
gratulated on Its splendid advocacy of
the Installation and the work it has done
on those lines. 1 1 intend going East this
summer and study the system installed
by the New York Herald at Nantucket.
I would like to see the workings of the
plant in the Hawaiian Islands, but I have
not the time to go there. There is every
reason in the world why we should have
a wireless system of telegraphy at the
entrance to our bay. The prevalence of
fogs here Is but one argument in favor of
the plant. News of the arrival of steam
ers would be of Immense value to the
business and shipping community.
"Very often a vessel arrives In a dense
BIG ADVANTAGE, .
TO COMMUNITY
Sound travels at the rate of 1100 feet
per second, while the Hertzian waves of
the wireless telegraphy flash through
space at the enormous speed- of 192,000
miles per second. A comparison of the
two -rates of speed shows that Instant
warning could be' given to an. Incoming
ship In the event of the . vessel approach-
Ing danger, while in the precious seconds
that might be required for the- warning
of a bell or whistle to reach those on
board ship she might meet her doom.
Local Forecast Official Alexander Mc-
Adle was Jubilant yesterday when he re
ceived the message from Chief Moore • an
nouncing that San Francisco is' to have a
system of wireless telegraphy between
the city and the Farallones. -v
With a system of wireless telegraphy es
tablished at the Farallones, Point Lobos
and Point Reyes, an Incoming vessel
could keep posted as to her exact posi
tion from time to time, >-.•.'; . .
Pilot Jordan, who was in charge of tKe
Rio when she struck the rocks, testified
at the subsequent investigation that he
"tried .to get an echo from Point Diablo
after hearing the whistle of Point Bonita
on his beam." The atmospheric condi
tions that existed when the Rio met with
disaster may have so affected the sounds
of warning whistles that the, pilot was
confounded and led out of his course.
The prevalence of fog at the entrance
to San Francisco Bay renders It impera
tive that a system of rapid communica
tion be established between incoming
vessels and the city. It was clearly de
monstrated in the Investigation of the
loss of . the Rio that desperate chances
were taken by captains and pilots in
bringing their ships into this port. When
the fog obscured the .warning lights re
liance was placed on the fog whistles or
echoes secured from the • shore -after
sounding the steamer's siren. It is well
known that sound is affected- by atmos
pheric conditions in the same manner
that light is.
FOG MAKES THE »V
APPROACH RISKY
bor in a dense fog. when it would be im
possible for a large steamship to do so. "
Arthur Johnson of Denver,' general
freight agent i of the Colorado Southern
Railroad, is in. the city again after an ab
sence of several years. • He was stationed
here at one time and acaulred a large
circle of friends. -, A dinner In his i;onor,
given last evening by Raphael Weill, was
a happy function. - . j
Dinner to Arthur Johnson.
The first message sent from the Lucania
was from Major Flood Page of the Mar
coni Company, congratulating the Cunard
Company for its enterprise and wishing it
good luck. It read as follows:
ABOARD THE CUNARDER LUCANIA. en
voyage from Liverpool to New York, to Lon
don v by .the Conway training vessel, in the
Mersey. June 16.— Congratulations to the Cu
nard Company for its enterprise!. ..
,. Congratulations to the Herald on receiving
the first message from the Lucania! .: ¦
Good luck to the Herald's irreat enterprise,
the installation of « wireless telegraphy on the
Nantucket . lightship!
Hurrah! •.:-—•¦- >•:.:¦>' .. "'•.* ' ¦•'¦'¦¦ i
. There never was such excitement as that
aboard the , Lucania that afternoon and
evening over wireless telegraphy. No end
of people wanted to send messages ashore
and the Interest of* the passengers in the
wonderful invention of the great Italian
was unbounded.'^ ¦ .' ','vj , :
During ther; run : from Liverpool to
Queenstownt many V messages were sent
over the system, and -the ODlnion of all
who witnessed * the* Marconi instruments
at work was that wireless telegraphy is
an established adjunct of commerce.
FIRST MESSAGE -
SENT FROM LUCANIA
No sooner the Lucania got fairly under
way than a-ting-a-ling of the ' telephone
caused the passengers to prick up their
ears. For once, at least, everybody aboard
forgDt all about unpacking trunks, ' set
tling themselves in staterooms and secur
ing good places at the table. -
. Evrybody, or nearly everybody, was on
decL listening to the telephone, just as if
they had never heard anything of the
kind before. Following the direction
whence the sound'eame, everybody's gaze
was directed toward the bridge, where
the captaints and officers' quarters are lo
cated. *
' The tinkling telephone bell told the news
that ' the vessel, although, already under
full steam, was yet in. communication
with the shore by wireless telegraphy.
The passengers had'not yet seen the little
souvenir cards on the tables beside the
menu cards, .telling the coast stations for
ship communication by telegraph at some
ten different places, so that the passengers
could send telegrams on shore, and receive
replies en voyage. . _:
PASSENGERS ARE
¦GREATLY- EXCITED
coni instruments happened to be there to
receive or send messages in turn.
.- ., . ¦ - . ¦*-,-- .'-•¦ -.--^ .•-. ¦
- •: - Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
> ... ;' n ¦¦¦ '- 1118 Broadway, j June 22.
•From\Lon.don, W. B.. Hardy, (formerly
the guardian of Miss 'Frankie Brown, .the
dashing- young woman; who made -herself
world wide notoriety ten years ago by. her
eccentricities, ;recerV^d the ¦' news to-day
that she is living- almost in poverty. HavJ.
ing spent every cent of a '•• large , f ortunp
that .was left .her by her .father, she is
struggling..hard..in - an endeavor to keep
the wolf from the door, supporting her
self and three children'by keeping. a lodg
ingr-house in an' obscure part of London. '
" Frankie Brown first achieved notoriety
when ! j she ••¦ married '; Frank • McKee, . ¦'•' a
printer, in order that she might become a
widow. She was "the daughter of - Abrani
C. Brown,' a wealthy Oaklunder. who died
somewhere 'along ... in! the '*90's, leaving
$120,000 to be divided among Frankie and
two- boys, Frederick and Harry Brown:
W. B. Hardy was named* as her guardian.-
Frankie started in immediately to spend j
her patrimony. Naturally 7 of a willful and
generous disposition she exceeded- all
bounds when the parental . restraint was
removed by death. She bought, the .most
expensive trousseau that money could:, buy;
including a sealskin coat that, came down
to her knees. She wore all kinds of jewel- '
ry and ; was altogether attractive. Being
a woman, of more than ordinary beauty
she would I have ,been attractive . without
the additional ornamentation. She was
tall and slender and of the blonde type
of beauty.
The whim to see the sights of 'Europe
seized Frankie after she had seen every
thing "commonplace in California, but she
did not want to travel -without a chap
eron. How to do Europe without a chap
eron was to even her acute mind, whieh
saw a way out of every difficulty, some
thing of a Gordiari knot. She confided this
dilemma to one R. M. Apgar, clerk in a
San • Francisco Police Court. He solved
that problem for her. -
Apgar I told Miss Frankie- that a friend
of his, Frank McKee, a printer, was dying
of consumption in Oakland, and he sug
gested to her that she marry him so that
she could become a widow. Once a widow
she could go where she pleased.
. Frankie thought it was a capital Idea
and she -acquiesced. Apgar acted as the
go-between and perfected the arrange
ments. McKee agreed to. marry Miss
Frankie if she would undertake to pay
all his doctors' bills during, his lifetime
and his funeral expenses after death.
After the couple were married Frankie
went East, probably to escape the noto
riety her acts brought upon her. McKee
lingered for a year after the wedding.
When he died Frankie came back to Cali
fornia and attended the funeral. She kept
'her word about the expenses and the fu
neral is said to have cost her $1000. -
While she was touring Kuropeas Mrs.
Frankie McKee, widow, she met and fell
desperately in -love with, Arthur. Brans
comb, an actor. He had a wife, and two
children and the widow was disappointed.
When she recovered she wore a bright red
dress. In Hyde Park, and the .news went
all over the world. ,. ... : — /'. •
Frankie.once expressed a desire to mar
ry a man 'with as much, willfulness aa her
self/ She afterward got]what she wanted,
but the husband abused her so much that
'she was glad to get rid t>f r him. They be
came reconciled afterward Just long
enough for him -to spend the last sou of
her money. '< Then she was compelled to
rent 'a lodging-house ' in the suburbs of
London and work for a. living. ' :
Spends All of , the Fortune
Left to Her by Her
Father. .
Eccentric Frankie Brown
Reduced Almost to
iroverty.
SHE NOW KEEPS
LODGING-HOUSE
"UNDER TWO FLAGS" TO BE GIVEN
AT THE COLUMBIA TO-MORROW NIGHT
Melodramatic Adaptation of Ouida's Romantic. Novel Will Be In
troduced Here After a Successful Run in New; York Gity,
With Blanches Bates in Role : of, Cigarette, the; Vivandiere
¦¦•'¦ r./v.-W. ;¦¦-•¦. i'^i-.r-v-; - . - . ¦ .. ¦¦-.. -.. ;-; ¦ - ¦ .- ¦ • • • ¦ ¦
TELE SAK FRANCISCO CALL, STINDAY, JUNE 23, 1901;
Andrew Peterson",* a' boy . 16 years of age,
who lives" with. his parents in the Mission,
was ; convicted r. on • two charges of '• petty
larceny, -by \ Judge i Mogan - yestepiayi'and
sentenced to six months in the County Jail
oni each He • stole -two .bicycles
recently, one from^Joseph ¦ Holle,". Twen
tieth and ,'Fofsom streets." and ; the other
from': Louis '•• H. > Turner. - California
street.' He pawned 'them -both: ¦ Peterson
declared tP the. Judge that he had brought
both bicycles .with him from "the East, but
he had. never, been out of the city. .
Boy Bicycle Thief.
Hood's Sarsaparilla
•Strengthens ; and-' tones *~the ¦ stomach
and the whoje digestive" system; .
You f don't and Ican't -if your . stomach
is ; weak.. A vweak. stomach does; not
digest - ¦ all ' ,?that '. is'v ; ordinarily ¦-.} taken
into 1 : it."— It- gets tired : easily, • and what
itfailsto digest is'wasted. .: . ,
''¦yf' Among ithe~'Sigris ;", of . a;.weak stomach
are after eatinjr, fits of
nervous ' ; headache, ' and disagreeable
belching^ ); ; -;v/ v J
: "I : have .taken V Hood's* Sars~aparilla ; at
different times for stomach troubles and a
run-down . condition of the ¦ system, . and
have been : greatly, benefited by its .use. . I
would.' not, be without i it In i my family, s I
am ( troubled.* especially • In I summer, .with
weak stomach and nausea and find Hood's
Sarsaparilla invaluable.'.'. . E. ,' ;B.^ HICK
MAN,West : Chester, Pa. .. . i-^> - •?-;>
Get the Most
Out pf Your Food
The Point Lobos Improvement Club met
last Wednesday night at . Richmond Hall
and elected the following officers:-: .-". ;
OK Cushlng, president; H.: U. Jaudin, first
vice president ; W. C. BUllngton, second vice
president: John'J. Cassldy, financial secretary;
George Magoonis, v recording secretary; Philip
J. ¦ Ward,.; treasurer; • executive ¦ committee— O.
K. Cushlngr (president), : J. J. :Casaldy (secre
tary) -George R. Fletcher. '. "William "A." Deane,
J. • M. Wilklns, R. . A. Vance, E. I* - O'Connor.
J..T. .WilHama.XP. M. McGushin, H. U. Jaudln
and W. C. Billineton.
- 1 ' Last . *Ight the club ' gave an entertain
ment:.' and , social. The . committees in
charge were: •¦;. | * _*
¦Arrangements— George Magoonis (enairman)/
•J. M. Wilklns,' George R. Fletcher, E. Ginley,
W. • C. Billington. . W. A. . Deane, W. P. John
son • and G. * A; Blank. . -
• Floor .manager— William P. .Johnson;"assist
ant floor manager." .V. W. ¦ Winchell. -. >Z "
¦Floor 1 committee— Joseph- M. Fletcher; Wil
liam .' • A! a , Deane, George H.- Wlegner, E. I/.'
O'Connor and- H.U." Jaudln.*- ;
Men Selected to Serve for the Ensu
ing Year— Entertainment and
fc^fi-fc Social. ¦/
NEW OFFICERS FOR, POINT •
ILOBOS IMPROVEMENT CLTJ3
Then. workmen from the Marconi Com
pany appeared, aboard and batteries were
stowed away in cubbyholes and connected
by wires with, two -.mysterious , looking
boxes screwed .down on a table inside I the
sentry box. A" curious looking, telegraph
instrument, with a handle in.place of the
usual finger., key, was. next*, attached to
the" tableland lasf of ¦ all a; single wire
from the sentry box was strung, up.to the
masthead sprit, ; to which it was . attached,
being hoisted by. a halyard ; hove. through
a block at the masthead." * :--'i ?,¦•-.__.. ,«
*: With these ' preparations all - complete
the good ship Lucania was in trim to send
and receive_^messages from ; anywhere;
that" is to^isayranywbere within a" radius"
of 100 miles,* provided, of course, that Mar-
The purpose of the New:'. Tfork Herald
in establishing stations on.' both .sides : of
the Atlantic was ; to provide means 'of
communication with. vessels. at. seai Un
der present conditions j transatlantic trav
elers/are out of touch, with -the world for
five or more days.. When the stations are
fully established -communication - can , be
opened up when a' vessel, is two '¦¦ days out
'of port and continued; two days after she
has . sailed. ' .- ¦ ¦; -*/ •: •. ; ..
Away up on the roof of the. captain's
cabin, just : beneath - the flying . bridge,
stood a little sentry box structure. \: When
the Lucania arrived - at Liverpool, a few
days before the wireless; telegraph experi
ment took place this sentry box was not
there.. ..While -the >. .vessel's".- officers;, and
crew.were busy discharging cne cargo and
loading : another, a few carpenters' rigged
up this • arrangement, which -painters - as
quickly put into ¦ ship-shape, making . It
look as. thpugh it, had. been there ever
since the vessel was, launched.
ARRANGEMENTS FOR
0:;;; P; THE^EXPERIMENT
less touch with the Conway that the. Lu-
M'^w 6 ! wlth J n the' range; of the •sta
tion on Holyhead, and -the Marconi mes
sages began to fly through: the air again
Thus a^ second dispatch . was transmitted
from the- Lucania "out at sea." . ».¦ --- •
Coroner Leland has set next Wednesday
at 10 o'clock as the time for the holding
of an inquest in the cases of Viola Van
Ornum and Dr. Victor .Popper. Owing to
the fact that the contents of Miss Van
Ornum's stomach had been pumped, out
by the .surgeons at the Central Emer
gency Hospital when she was taken there
last Friday the City Chemist has been un
able to discover whether the woman had
or had not swcllowed a poisonous drug,
but Autopsy Surgeon Bacigalupi found
that death- was -not due ,to .any other
cause. . -. ¦_ ¦ . . ';¦.. '._ .-'
In view of this discovery , Coroner Le-,
land has suggested that, the washings of
stomachs in all cases of suspected poison
ing should be saved hereafter for the city.
chemist. „ „. . - . \x. ¦' -""
W. S. Nicewanger of Chico. a brother
in-law of Miss Van Ornum, called at the
Morgue yesterday to view the body. ¦
Charles H. Parent, the consort of the
young woman, is distracted over the
tragic affair and the notoriety into which
it has brought him, and the fact that his
wife and daughter In Los Angeles have
heard of and resent his wrong doing-
NlEGIiECT BY A SURGEON ,
DESTBOYS EVIDENCE
City Chemist Cannot Ascertain
Whether Miss Van Ornum Swal
lowed Poison or Not.y ;•:;..
Peter W. McGlade, formerly bookkeeper
in the. office cf the Superintendent of
Streets, was found guilty of forgtty yes
terday by a Jury. McGlade was charged
with forging a salary warrant. He at
tached thereto the name "John Sullivan.
The jury was out all night.
Sentence was. postponed until next Fri
day,; v/hen steps vrill toe taken to bring
the 'matter before the Supreme Court.
At 10 o'clock yesterday morning the jury
was called into court 'and the foreman,
Thomas Johnson, said the members could
not agree. Jurcr W. Lowenberg said it
was as> to a question- of fact, and he
thought a unarimotis verdict could not be
reached. Judge Burnett said he could not
advise them on a question of fact, but if
they wanted any information : on a ques
tion of law he could advise them. He said
it was not hia desire to inconvenience
them, but he would not feel justified in
discharging them, 1 and ordered them back.
The Judge notified the court attaches
that he would return at 1:30 o'clock. He
had not been gone .many minutes ¦ when
Bailiff Wlnrow was informed that the
Jury had arrived at a verdict. The Judge
could not. be found, and it was not until
about noon that he made his appearance.
"- The . jury wa3 ushered into the court
room and the foreman was asked if it had
agreed upon a verdict.. Foreman Johnson
replied, ''We have."
"Gentlemen d the jury, what is your
verdict?" asked the Judge, and the fore
man replied: "We find ;the defendant
guilty as charged In the indictment."
The defendant did not move a muscle,
but. whispered to his attorney, who asked
that the jury be polled. Each gave an
"aye" to the question asked, and by con
sent sentence was postponed till next Fri
day. On the same day the charge of for
gery against the defendant on the Dwyer
demand will be called and the case set for
trial. It is understood that forty-three
ballots were taken before the unanimous W
verdict was reached. • \ W'
The result 13 looked upon as a distinct
victory for the District Attorney^ office.
McGlade was accuitted on a charge of
obtaining money by false pretenses; con
victed on a charge of forgery and granted
a new trial, which resulted in a disagree
ment of the Jury: tried again, the Jury
disagreeing, and now he has been again
convicted, and It will be seen what suc
cess he has In movlne for a new trial or
appealing to the Supreme Court.
- Had the system existed at the time
Captain Ward brought the Rio to anchor
in a dense fog near the lightship her ar
rival could have been reported and in
structions sent to her commander not to
venture Into port unless the weather was
clear. Passengers and the mails might
have been brought Into port in tugs and
the ship allowed to reach her dock in
leisurely time. A tag" could enter the har-
The terrible disaster of February 22
last, when the ill-fated Rio de Janeiro
was lost with six score lives, is but a sin
gle argument in favor of the wireless
system of telegraphy between the" main
land and the sentinel rocks of the Faral
lones. , - - iBfip*
The action of Secretary of Agriculture
Wilson in authorizing the installation of
the plant will be balled with joy by the
business community ot this city and the
entire State,
sustained by prominent men in this State
and also in Washington- Not only has
The Call's policy been indorsed by lead-
Ing merchants and officials in this city,
but when the President and his Cabinet
visited San Francisco a few weeks ago
all the distinguished gentlemen in his
party favored the position taken by The
Call.
The recent success of the Marconi sys
tem between the Cunard steamship Lu
cania and the English and Irish coasts,
together with the superb work done on
the Atlantic coast by the New York Her
ald, has won recognition for The Call in
favoring the establishment of the wireless
system between San Francisco and the
Farallones.
The advocacy by The Call of the wire
less system of telegraphy between the
Farallones and the Pacific Coast has been
INDORSED BY
PROMINENT MEN
successful have been the communications
between the Lucania and the shore that
it is stated that all large Atlantic steam
ers of the Cunard line are to be equipped
¦with the Marconi instruments without de-"
lay.
When the steamship Ophir started with
the Duke and Duchess of Cornwall on the
voyage from England to Australia the
British Government decided to put the
Marconi system to a rigid test. The in
struments were placed on the ship and
similar plants were erected at many
points where the Ophir was to call. In
various parts of the world, under different
rllmatic conditions, the Hertzian waves
flashed the messages from the Ophir to
the stations on land, giving news of the
approach of the Bon of England's King.
By night or by day, in hot or cold weath
er. In sunshine or In fog, the mysterious
electrical pulsations were carried through
epace and delivered their precious mes
sages.
PETER McGLADE AT LAST CONVICTED OF FORGERY
AFTER THE JURY TAKES FORTY-THREE BALLOTS
troupe is Miss Blanche Bates, who, in
the role of "Cigarette, the Vivandiere,"
is reported to have charmed the people
of New York during • her short absence
from this coa6t. The role, it is claimed,
gives ample opportunity for her inimita
ble grace and' charm of manner and at
the same time for her to do Justice to her
ability as an actress. .
Shortly after the novel 'was published,
which was in 1S58, the role of Cigarette
¦was played by Lotta, merely as a comedy
creation, but in the present versions,' all
the incidents are subordinated to the
main theme, the unrequited love of the
heroine. This arrangement gives to the
play a strictly dramatic interest.
¦ Perhaps the strongest scene in the play
is where Cigarette betrays Bertie Cecil,
the man she loves, when he arranges to
meet her rival. Lady Venetia. As a re
sult of her betrayal Cecil Is placed under
guard and sentenced to deaths To obtain
GOVERNMENT TO ESTABLISH SYSTEM OF WlHEllESS TELEGRAPHY BETWEEN SAN FRANCISCO; AND .FARALLONES;
The original cast, which played with
such success in the Empire State, has
been brought to this city, without excep
tion. The bright particular star of . the :
It ¦was first produced early last -winter
by Charles Frohman at the . Garden
Theater in New York, where It continued
throughout the spring and until it be
came necessary to. terminate its run in
order to prepare it for snlpment to this
coast.
Columbia. Theater under arranpe
xnents -which have been made with David
Belasco. The play, which is a spectacu
lar melodrama, is deemed by the New
York critics to be of great merit.
A PRESENTATION of "Under Two
Flags," as adapted from Oulda's
romantic novel, will be com
menced to-morrow evening at the
Continued From Page Thirteen.
CALL'S ADVOCACY IS SUCCESSFUL
. The company has brought here a com
plete equipment of stage paraphernalia
together with an ensemble of 130 players
and mechanics. It also ha*s 'a stable of
thoroughly trained horses, which are used
in enacting some of the parts of the play.
.1.»!.»'» »..»."» .'.'....".'.. ; .-"I .-«¦•¦ .' - _
a reprieve for her beloved Cecil. Cigar
ette comes to- Blidah Fort, in the desert,
where she pleads with the Governor for
her lover's life. Chellala Gorge shows an
immense cliff, where Bedouins lurk among
the rocks. To escape them. Cigarette
leaps upon her horse and rides madly up
the mountain side. In the last act, as
Cecil leaves her garret, she follows him,
and to save his life flings herself upon his
breast, and is mortally wounded in' his
stead.- Soldiers carry her to her garret,
where she dies in Cecil's arms, her last
wish realized. The trl-colored flag of
France they wrap reverently • about the
lifeless form of the-Vivandlere, and the
drama ends. • .• . . . . . . ¦ .
SCENE FROM "UNDER TWO FLAGS," WHICH WILL BE PRODUCED TO-MORROW NIGHT AT THE COLUMBIA
THEATER. WITH BLANCHE BATES IN THE ROLE OF CIGARETTE, A PART IN WHICH SHE MADE A NO
TABLE SUCCESS IN NEW YORK. . . .
14
Free Home Advice.
In view of the ! great multitude of
women suffering from some form of fe-
male disease and yet unable to find
any cure. Dr. Hartman, the renowned
specialist on female catarrhal dis-
eases, has announced his willingness
to direct the treatment of as . many
cases as make application to him
during the summer months without
charge.
Thla offer will hold good only daring
the summer months. Any t woman can
become a regular patient .-by sending a
written statement of her -age, condition
of life, history and symptoms of her
•derangements. -. ' '¦ ¦ ¦" . ' -
* Those" wishing ¦ to become ' patients
should- address The Peruna Medicine. Co..
Columbus, Ohio. -; . . -" .,-..-
tor tried three different remedies but ther
did not seem to help me any.
"After using five bottles ot Peruna I *w
was as well and strong as ever. I would \r
not be without it lor any money."— Miss
Millie Baker.
"/ took Peruna in early spring, re- |
ceiving glorious benefits from same.
Before taking Peruna I suffered- with
caiarrh, always felt tired and had a
dull headache. A Iriend of mine
told me of Peruna. I began taking it
at once, gaining each day. I now
feel as well as I ever did in all my
life. I advise all my suffering friends
to give Paruna a fair triaf."— Esther
G. Lowe.. ..." : ,'//• ;¦-"•¦
Miss Millie Baker writes from 230 East
Ohio street. Chicago- •* * -
1 "I suffered for years, with weakness pe-
culiar ¦ to - women, • severe * -bearing-down
pains and' continual headache. My'sys-'
tern seemed completely upset -and I did
not know where to find relief. The do<i-
"Within ten days I felt new life and
health given me, and by taking an occa-
sional dose oft and on when I feel extra
tired I keep my system in perfect order."
—Miss A. Brady.
Miss Esther G. Lowe, a prominent young
society lady of Washington, Ga., writes:
Miss A. Brady, Corresponding Secretary
Illinois "Woman's Alliance, writes from
2725 Indiana avenue,* Chicago, \IU.: _
"Last year from continued strain In lit-
erary work I became very much ; exhaust-
ed, my nerves seemed to give way, and I
had backache," headache and serious In-
digestion." One of my friends, suggested
that I try Peruna.' It certainly acted like
magic on my. system. , ... . '. . ¦. •*¦ ¦'
"I recommend it especially for women
as it promptly cures the weaknesses of
our sex and will always be sure to give
satisfaction."— Mrs. >. ellie ¦ Blyler.
Secretary Illinois Woman's Alliance-
"As a rule patent medicines claim to
do much, while, they really do little; but I
will say for Peruna that it is the only
medicine I ever knew • that does all and
more than it claims. ;
Mrs. Nellie' Blyler,. President of the La-
dles of the G. A. R., has the following to
say about Peruna: \ ¦¦¦ ' . ,
Gentlemen— "In taking a medicine I
consider it of vital importance that you
should be sure that it is the right kind
and that it will cure.
¦ADVERTISEMENTS. -
TREATMENT AT HOME 4
Dr. Hartman's Free Advice to Women— A Generous
Offer to the Afflicted.
WILEY B. AlLEfi-Cfl., 933 MarketSt, S.F. Bransh-^951 Broadway, Oakland.
M to A^\3.stomors %
'M' ' r^^ iere * snt an y sense or saving of cents in paying the exhorbi- i|t
Ifff'i tant prices most druggists charge. You can save money on most y \
¦j, everything you buy -here — and get the best besides. Theae V\\
.prices are good until Saturday night, June 29th, \ 11
Sheffield Cream 2 for 25c Carbolic Acid — 6 oz 15c vjfi
> 7. A tnlcndid cream for the teeth — Regular 15c bottle. SjJjJ
lit Alrohol— ongholfnt- ?0r •.Gasoline— pt'bdttlc 10c 88
\ A MICOnOl— One nail PI L\JC Wealw»yichir 5 e 15c; other* more. Blj
' s Regular ise bottle — pure alcohol. _ /vi £. iC iH3
' I r\ : : Wn «aa o w *>r» V/SStOr Oil 0 OZ I5C fff
\ Quinine PiII^-IGO 2-gr 20c R er iiar is* v»«ie. ,11
V* f ki il* D it ' 1 it. 1 » • - nialVHid v^rCoiTi XOC Sfhll
Da . fviOLil DflllS™——l - lD pi\C . 3C For the face— -you generally p«y 50c. Mil
-\ icVi - ' t** j ' ¦* t 'a ' • * vOniD qFivI \p 1 u sn cscn i vw ufi[*
\l\VVy ¦ 1 IIlv»lUl C Oi fW ItlCu ' ' ¦ Every 25c comb or hair brush in store* jf///the Yukon River steamer Bailey on June
16 while maklnr the trip down « the ; river.
Particulars of the accident are very mea
ger. The reports at Skagway state that
the Bailey ran on a rock while proceeding
down pt ream at full * speed . and ' a great
hole was crushed in her hull. The steamer
White Pa»» reached th« wrecked steamer
on the 16th, but a : good examination of
the Bailey was found Impossible owing to
muddy water.
Yukon River Steamer .Wrecked.
SEATTLiB, Wash., June 22.— The steam
chip Cottage City, , arriving to-day,; from
Skagrway. brought < news of the -wreck 'of
MANHATTAN, Kans., June 22.— An at
tempt was made at 2:30 this morning. to
blow up the First Methodist Church with
dynamite. It is' believed to be the work
of Jolntlsts, who ; directed i their spite
againet Rev. J. M. Miller, -pastor of the
church,' because of his crusade against
saloons. No arrests have been made.
A powerful explosive was thrown
against the door of the main entrance,
blowing a large hole in the door, shatter
ing the steps and breaking a number of
stained glass windows. The damage will
amount. to several hundred dollars. The.
parsonage adjoining was not injured.
Rev. Mr. Miller was. elected Mayor, this
spring and has waged a bitter, fight on the
joints. Lost Thursday six Jolntlsts were
fined $100 each and sentenced to ¦ . sixty
days In Jail, their conviction being secured
on evidence worked up by the minister. -
Pastor Has Hade Many Enemies by
Leading a Crusade Against* /
. 4 the Saloons.
ATTEMPT TO 'DESTROY r
A CHTJBCH WITH DYNAMITE
Seattle Child Climbs to a Light and
Soon Has Clothing in a
Blaze.
SEATTLE, Wash., June 22.— John Dex
ter, the two-year-old son of Mr. and Mm.
E. Dexter, residing at 1227 .Washingt-r
street, died this morning of burns recei
at 8:30 o'clock last night. Friday nlgn..
candles were burned in the house instead
of lamps. The child, large enough to
climb upon a chair, succeeded In getting
on a table. The burning candle pleased
him and he picked- the stick up in his
hands. He played with it for several min
utes undisturbed by any member of the
family. At last he dropped it and in his
efforts to regain it . the name set fire to
his clothing.. -
The cries of j the child attracted the
other members of the family. When they
arrived the little fellow seemed to be a
mass of flames from his waist .to his head.
Frantic efforts to extinguish the flames
were at. last successful, but the child had
been fatally burned.
FLAYS WITH A CANDLE .
AND IS FATAU/Y BURNED
* - - r
URING the temporary absence of
the Rev. J. P. Turner the pulpit
of the Cathedral Mission of the
Good Samaritan Is being occupied
by Venerable Archdeacon W. H.
Ramsay of the diocese of Southern Cali
fornia. In honor of his presence special
services will be held in the cathedral to
day.
Archdeacon Ramsay is the rector of
Trinity Church, Santa Barbara. He is
deemed one of the most eloquent and ac
complished ministers in the southern part
of the State. His sermons, which are
each Sunday listen^ to by large congre
gations, are deemed masterpieces of learn
ing and composition.' He is a graduate of
St. John's College. London, where he dis
tinguished himself as a scholar and as a
teacher.
During his stay in this city Archdeacon
Ramsay will be the guest of his son, the
Rev. H. A. R. Ramsay, who is also con
nected with the Cathedral Mission of the
Good Samaritan. The archdeacon's posi
tion as rector of Trinity Church in the
meantime is being filled by the Rev. J. P.
Turner, the regular pastor of the Cathe
dral Mission. /'-.
SERMONS -OF PASTORS.
Themes to Be Discussed From City
Pulpits To-Day.
Rev. C. A. Ramm will deliver the dis
course at the 11 o'clock mass In St. Mary's
Cathedral this morning. Rev. E. P.
Dempsey will preach in the evening.
The feast of St. Aloysius will be cele
brated In St. Ignatius Church this morn
ing. Special music will be rendered.
Rev. E. A. Woods of the First Baptist
Church will preach this morning on the
"Divine Battl^nents, or the Safeguards
of Life."
Rev. F. S. Ford of the First Christian
Church will preach this morning on "Old
Paths,, and in the evening on "Saved by
Baptism."
Rev. Milton D. Buck of the Trinltv M.
E. Church will preach this morning on
Rev. George C. Adams of the First Con
gregational Church will preach this
morning *on "A Few Names Even in
Sardls," and in the evening on "Under the
Cloud."
"Is the, Universe. Including Man,
Evolved by Atomic Forces?" will be the
subject of discussion at the First Church
of Christ, Scientist, this morning. -'
Rev. S. D. Hutsinpiller of the Central
M. E. Church, will preach ,thls morning
on "Does Religion . Change With These
Changeful, Days?" and- In the evening on
"Who Are Laboring Men and What Ib
Their Reward?"
. Rev. William Rader of the Third Con
gregational Church will preach this
morning on "Why Men Pray/' and in the
evening on "The Moral Evolution of
Man."
3 Rev. Burt.Estes of Stanford University
will occupy the pulpit of the First Uni
tarian Church this morning and will speak
on '.'A Man's.. Right, to Lave His Own
Life." •/.».. .
Rev. E. H. Avery of the Westminster
Presbyterian Church will preach this
evening on "Searching for His Treas
ures." - :
Rev. H. L. McKinney of Tennessee will
occupy; the pulpit of the A. M. E. Zion
Church thia mornine'. ' • :
Rev. John Stephens "of the Simpson Me
morial Church will preach this morning
on "The Will of God. ' and in the evening
on "Jacob's Ladder."
Rev. A. C. Bane of the California-street
M. E. Church will preach this morning
on a theological subject, and in the even
ing his sermon will be on "Christ Sold for
a Price." . <.
Rev. A. 13. Ulrich of the Richmond M.
E. Church will preach this morning on
"How to Remain a True Christian," and
In the evening on "Hindrances."
Rev. W. M. Woodward of the Epworth
M. E. Church will preach this evening on
"The Compassionate Savior." v
PROMINENT SANTA BARBARA DI
VINE WHO IS OCCUPYING PUL
PIT IN SAN FRANCISCO. I
"Your Hope in Heaven," and in the even
ing on "Shall We Drink Alcohol?"
Rev. .Frank H. Baker of the First M.
E. Church will preach this morning on
"The Twentieth Century Christian," and
in tho evening on "The Wisdom of the
Prudent and the Folly of the Fools."
' SEATTLE, Wash.,; June 22.— Somewhere
between Gold Run and Bering the body of
James Fallon, formerly an employe of the
Alaska Commercial Company, lies covered
with snow. He lost his life May IS while
trying to make a round trip from Teller,
City to Gold Run in one day. He was ac
companied by Dan Dixon.
> The men.- who. were without food or
blankets, were caught In a storm after
leaving Gold Run on their return trip and
Fallon .became exhausted. For' awhile
Dixon carried him on his back, but they
were making such poor progress that It
was decided best for Dixon to go back for
help. Fallon was left in a temporary shel
ter on the trail. Dixon got help,, but* in
the' storm lost his way, and it was not
until next morning that he found the
place where he /had left Fallon. Fallon
was missing. Searching parties went out
from Teller, Bering and Gold Run. but no
trace of the lost man was found. It is
supposed that Fallon tried to continue his
trip after Dixon left him. and wandering
off the trail, sank down to die in the snow.
PERISHES WHILE FRIEND
IS SEEKING ASSISTANCE
rormer Employe of Alaska Commer
cial Company Dies on Trail
in -a Storm. ••
and- in fact throughout- ¦ the county of
Mendocino, by the discovery pf a large
flow of natural gas upon the ranch of
Colonel J. B. Brown, a farmer living
about twelve miles' from this point. For
several years Brown 'has noticed that
upon ' the surface of a large marsh on
his ranch bubbles were continually rising
and that there seemed to be ajjeculiar
odor in the air near that place. While he
often spoke of it he never gave the matter
any particular thought until yesterday, |
when a camper suggested , the possibility
of the bubbles being caused by a flow
of natural gas. The matter was at once
looked Into and -the theory was found to
be correct. / .¦-.¦••'•
This morning a large sheet-iron caldron
used . for mixing sheep dip was placed in i
an Inverted position ' upon the surface of
the marsh and a lighted match was ap- )
plied to a hole punctured in the bottom
of the caldron. . A flame six feet in height
burst Into view and burned steadily and
brilliantly until extinguished by those
present. It is generally believed that a
new 1 and valuable addition to . the re
sources of Mendocino County has been
discovered and * new industry is about to
be inaugurated. - >
Residents Near Covelo Excited. Over
the Discovery of Material for
New Industry.
COVELO, June 22.— Considerable excite
ment has been caused in this community.
NATURAL GAS BURNS '
ON MENDOCINO BANCH
Warden Wilkinson will at perfect
plans for the reconstruction' of the rock
crushing plant and will submit, them at
a meeting of the State Board of Prison
Directors July 3. The directors ; have a
revolving^ fund from whlcn they may
draw for much of the expense. Street
Improvements* which have been ' started
in Sacramento will be greatly, delayed be
cause of the destruction of the plant sup
plying the crushed rock. Other
ties in the State will also -suffer.
It is said upon good authority 'that the
hose and other, fire apparatus, .which arc
supposed to be in a- place permitting their
ready use, in case of emergency,, were
missing -when the alarm was .sounded
Thursday night, and that the water pipes
showed evidence of having been tampered
with. ¦¦/ • .-: - . ¦¦ • ¦ . '. ; ¦ ,
SACRAMENTO, June 22.— Warden Wilk
inson of Folsom , Prison is ; of the DelTef
that the fife "which destroyed the rock
crushing plant at the prison Thursday
night; entailing a" loss to the State of
many: thousands of dollars, was of incen
diary, origin; -and . that some convicts are
responsible for it. Douotless a rigid in
quiry will be instituted to determine, the
cause of the fire and fix the responsibility.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Blaze.
Prison Apparatus Disabled
Before; the Disastrous
Warden Believes They
Started the Fire at
Folsom. .
BOLD CONVICTS
ARE SUSPECTED
ARCHDEACON RAMSAY
FILLS LOCAL PULPIT
Eldquent Minister of the Diocese of Southern
California Will Preach To-Day at the
Cathedral" Mission of the Good Samaritan
YOUNG CAMPERS
LOST IN WILDS
Children and Art Teacher
Pound Dying in the
Mountains.
Friends Search Fastnesses
and Arrive in Time to
Save Three Lives.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAX BERNARDINO, June 22.— News
reached here this afternoon of the thrill
ing experience and narrow escape from
death of Miss Frances Fuller, aged 16
years, and George Filler, aged 17, children
of "\V. H. Fuller, a prominent L*>s Angeles
attorney, and their guest, Miss Emma
Allen, aged 24 years, an art teacher, who
resides at 4910 Prairie avenue, Chicago.
At an early hour yesterday morning the
young people started from their summer
camp at SQUirrel Inn, thirty miles from
this city, for the purpose of exploring the
adjacent country. They failed to return
by dark and their absence greatly alarmed
their parents ¦ and two hundred friends
•who are spending: the season at the moun
tain resort. ' *
A searching party oJ twenty experienced
mountaineers was sent out at 10 o'clock
last night. The searchers returned with
young Fuller, whom they had found in an
unconscious condition on a dangerous
mountain trail. The \youngr people had
lost their bearings and were unable to
get out of Dead Tree Canyon. Fuller
started to reach the camp, but en route
he fell from hunger and exhaustion.
Another searching party started out and
at 8 o'clock this morning discovered the
young women almost dead from exposure
and hunger. They, too, had abandoned
the struggle to find civilization and laid
down to die. All during the night they
had tramped over steep mountain sides
and thrpugh rugged canyons in frantic
efforts 'to reach their friends. The cries
of wild beasts added horror to
their perilous surroundings. Miss Allen,
contracted poison oalt while making her
exit through the thick underbrush and her
condition is regarded as precarious.
At one point a large rock fell from a
precipice 300 feet high, and, striking Miss
Fuller, rendered her insensible for an
hour. When found the two were unable
to articulate owing to their gTeat suffer
ing from thirst. There' was no water in
that section and had not their rescue
been effected this morning they would
not have survived the day. The posse
was compelled to carry both young
women to camp, six miles distant.
New Cruiser Christened.
KIEL* June 22. — Princess Henry of Prus
sia christened a cruiser which was
launched here to-day. ; The vessel, was
named Prinz Adelbert, after the first
Prussian admiral.
15
• ¦"•..'- .¦¦ • - ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ » - • ' ' >v ' ¦
,:;.Tfl^;S^pAyp^ .
It is safe to say that the regular persistent
use of Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets ax meal time
will cure any form of stomach trouble except
cancer. of the stomach.
Full sized package of these tablets sold by
druggists at 50 cents. Little book, on stomach
troubles mailed free. Address F. A. Stuart Co..
Marshall. Mich.
This can be done by the regular ns« after
meals of some safe, pleasant and effective di-
gestive preparation, like Stuart's Dyspepsia
Tablets, which may be found at moat drug
stores, and which contains valuable, harmless
digestive elements in a pleasant, convenient
form.
Poor digestion also poisons the blood, making
it thin and watery, which Irritates and weakens
the heart. • . • ¦ •
The most sensible treatment for heart trou-
ble is to lmprore the digestion and to insura
the prompt assimilation of food.
ADVERTISEMENTS. .
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Dr. Pierce's Common - Sense Medical
Adviser, paper covers, sent free on re-
ceipt of 21 one-cent stamps, to pay ex-
Ense of mailing only. Address Dr.
V. Pierce, Buffalo, N. Y.
Young Girls
Are often engaged in doing the work of
a home under tho most trying condi-
tions. Nature cries out against the
stooping and lifting, the running up and
¦fwM-^a^jM*^- ->.n Vt tw"i down stairs at times
¥§v]ps£&£3%&& '"¦'hen labor should
W^^\^0^^^i b e as light as possi-
\^Lft&$&fi§S, overstrain or self-
neglect under these
&tSj^m^^ conditions that the
\\::>''"S££«W<$|p foundation is laid
A-g^ y*{"®*f?h for serious woman-
¦*««—— .11. ¦ "¦jMt*' "7 ly disease. Irregu-
fsk\ Iftfi^ laxity is the first
{7»A '/!:-\^K ste P to**impaired
rfSn N^Cfcj^^rfeS womanlv health.
'iTl*~^3*&&&& Perfect regularity
pi / ws^il ma y e esta °^ sne^
1*1/ /^^@^^£ Pierce's Favorite
••¦I l^§^ Prescription. It
''.Jo Xpjft8& Trill heal lnflamma-
l'\ f^y on an<^ u^ c e rat i° n
;.;! 1S§£ an(^ cure ema^ e
•*;J ¦jK&y weakness. It
••'•1 ¦-'.. '¦' ypflJt makes weak wom-
'"'•)ft?T'7'rT7?^^ women well.
*••*/) J^A OAl'ijK " M 8^™ me much
.''.'jhJfC r"^tO^W> pleasure," writes Miss
'•!?•!• ?**• *¦ ' • • ' '.'Ife?y Ella Sapp, of James-
town, Guilford County.
N. C," "to'thanic Dr. Pierce for the great good
received from the use of his ' Favorite Prescrip-
tion' and 'Golden Medical Discovery. 1 S I had
Buffered for three years or more at monthly pe-
riods. It seemed as though I would die with
pains in ray back and stomach. I could not
stand at all without fainting:. Had given up all
hope of ever being cured, when one of my
friends insisted upon ay trying Dr. Pierce's
Favorite Prescription. With but little faith I
tried it, and before I had taken half a bottle I
felt better. Now I have taken two bottles of
* Favorite Prescription • and one of ' Golden
Medical Discovery,' and I am entirely cured, and
in two months' tune when all other medicines
had failed."
STATEMENT
OF THiij
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
DELAWARE
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF PHILADELPHIA, IN THB STATE 07
Pennsylvania, on the 31st day of December.
A. D. 1900, and for the year ending on that
day. as made to the Insurance Commissioner of
the State of California, pursuant to the pro-
visions of sections 610 and 611 of the Political
Code, condensed as per blank furnished by the
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up
in Cash • S702.87S 00
ASSETS. .--V;. "
Real Estate owned by Company...... $162,500 00
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages 12S.TC0 00
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company 880.S9S 00
Amount of Loans secured by pledge
of Bonds. Stocks and other market-
able securities as collateral 50.000 00
Cash In Company's Office 469 43
Cash In Banks 157,137 «6
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 12,749 50
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages I 1.S1S 31
Premiums in due course of Collection 112.231 4ft
Rents due and accrued 639 23
Total Assets $1.507.201 87
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid . $1,396 32
Losses In process of Adjustment or
In Suspense - 60.435 43
Losses resisted, including expenses.. 1,875.00
Gross premiums on Fire Riska run- > ;
nlng one year or less. $360,609 60;
reinsurance 50 per cent 180,304 80
Gross premium on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year, $663,-
949 61: reinsurance pro rata. 346,576 00
Amount reclaimable by the Insured
on perpetual fire insurance policies 108,934 SO
Cash dividends remaining unpaid.... ' 77 00
Total Llabllitle ~ $699,549 30
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for Fire
premiums $684,999 64
Deposit premiums on perpetual risks 14,613 15
Received for Interest on Bonds and
Mortgages : 4,529 IS
Received for interest and dividends
on Bonds, Stocks, Loans and from
all other sources 44,622 17
Received fo'r-Rents 9,820 Crt
Received from all other sources 1,113 50
Total Income $761.836 65
EXPENDITURES. "
Net amount paid. for Fire Losses (in-
cluding $61,394 43;. • losses of pre-
vious years) ..."....... $474,554 S3
Deposit premiums ! returned 4,695 81
Dividends to Stockholders 42,13:50
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage i..7. 146,882 44
Paid for Salaries;, Fees and ' other
.charges for officers, clerks, etc.... 72.702 30
Paid for State, National and Local -
taxes ~ 29,505 84
All other payments and expendi-
tures .' 71.91123
Total Expenditures $£42,344 64
•".>.>-¦"¦>' Fire.
Losses incurred during the year.... $475,730 00
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount . of risks
written during the * •«
year $34,592,824 $1,084,951 U
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year '. 79.401,168 99«,2tt T»
Net ' amount In force
December 31, 1900 106.836.046 1.024.559 21
CHAS. H. YARNALL. Vice PrestT"
HENRY LYLBURN. Sec'y.
Subscribed and sworn to before me, thia 21at
day of January. 1901.
RICH"D H. REILLY.
Notary Public
EDWARD BROWN & SONS,
V GENERAL AGENTS,
411-13 California St., San Francisco, 'Calf
pr ROBERTSON &• NIPPERT,
CITY AGENTS.
216 Sansome Street.
«m' CHICHMTER'8 ENQUSH
Pennyroyal pills
B -~*2TV ' Orlflaal sad Only Q-jta lno. -
AJV_£_*L '" CHICHESTEK'S ENGLISH
JTV ~— ¦ TIT « ° bln9 rtbboa. Take Bo other. Refuao
fn <£• *jd _**c«r»iu *«l»«tlt«Uoa» and Imlu.
I / flTtlfflH. Bajr of joar Drugjijt, or Mod 4c ia
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
IS A GREAT 'RESTORATIVE. INVIGORA-
tor and Nervine. - -
The most ' wondarfill aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for the Sexual Organs, tor both texea. -
The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of the Kid-
neys and Bladder. Sells on its own merits.
NABER. ALFS & BRUNE, Agents.
KB'Markat St.. S. F.— (Send tor Circulars, >
DR. HALL'S RE!iNVirsORATORBJ_f^
Five hundred reward for any Agnm
case we cannot cure. This secret
remedy stops all losses In 24 hours. H_- m
cures Emissions. Impotency, Vari- * _C Rvj*
cocele. Gonorrhea, Gleet, Fits, fTTi EtJui
Strictures.* Lost Manhood and all ttjiU UjjM
wasting effects of self-abusu or j ___J9
excesses. Sent sealed. |2 bottle; 3 . •¦¦¦¦^b—— hs
bottles. $5: guaranteed to cur* any caasv Ad-
dress HALL'S MEDICAL INSTITUTE. 8So
Broadway, Oakland, Cal. - Also for sale at IOTJ*-,
Market st.. S. F. All private, diseases quick!/
. cured. Send for free book. .
been extraordinary, p It has completely braced
ma up. I am Just as vigorous as when a boy
and you cannot realize how happy I am."
s-3 VDear Sir— Your method i worked beautifully.
Results were exactly what I needed. Strength
and s vigor ¦ have ' completely returned - and en-
largement Is entirely satisfactory."
"Deat* Sir— Yours waa received and I had no
trouble In making use of the receipt as directed,
and can truthfully say it Is a boon to weak
men. I am greatly. Improved in size, strength
and vigor." 1 -.: '¦ • • •"- •¦-¦•'<- .¦ .-. ¦¦ .<¦ •
All correspondence Is strictly confidential.
mailed In i plain, sealed ¦ envelope. r The receipt
is free for tha asking- and he wants every maa
to have it. . !
¦ How any man may quickly cure himself after
years of ' suffering , from • sexual weakness, lost
vitality, night 1 losses, i varlcocele.Veto.,*', and ; ' en-
large small, weak organs to full slse and vigor.'
Simply send your name and address < to Dr. • 1*
W. Knapp, 1S7S Hull building/ Detroit. ' Mich. .
and he will gladly send the free receipt with
full directions so that any man may easily cure
himself at home.* This is certainly a most gen-
erous ' offer, * and s the ¦ following : extracts taken
from : his - dally . mall show . what men think of
his generosity: ' -riryiaWrtfWftfl ItfffigTffllgfTB
.-• ."Dear* Sir— Please accept my r sincere -thanks
for ) yours \ of 1 recent * date. , I nave . given your
treatment a thorough test and the \ benefit ¦ has 1
L. • . W. KNAPP, •- M. . I>.
¦ Purely vervttbl*,' mild and reliable. Causes
perfect . digestion, - complete • absorption and
healthful regularity. ' " ¦ • . ' .-.-..
For. the eura of all' disorder* of the Stomach.
Liver. Bowels. Kidneys, Bladdar, ¦ F>maJ« ij-1
rerularitles. Sick Headache, Billousnew, Con-
Btlpatlon. Piles and all derangements of the
Internal Viscera. 25c a box. At DruggisU, or
by malL ZtADWAT * CO., Ntw Tor-.
Bad way's
Pills
64Z Market St. insthukcnts
. unoiK cmromicu ButlDtHfr. CaTAIOGUI Fwt.
(Patented April 2, 1901) ,
NEVER TILT OR9LIP
Only to be had of •
Golf-Grip
Eye-Glasses
Send Name and Address To-Day — You
Can Have It Free and Be Strong
and Vigorous ftfr Life.
;ISV ¦'¦ -AES LOVE AND A HAPPY HOME.
In 'another way. also, the heart is affected by
the form of poor digestion, which causes gas
and .fermentation from half , digested food.
There is a feeling of oppression and heaviness
in the chest caused by pressure of the distended
stomach on the heart and lungs, interfering
with their action; hence arises palpitation and
short breath. ¦ .
trolled by the same great
thet'.c' and Pneumogastric.
The close relation between heart trouble and
poor. digestion is because both organs are con-
Heart trouble, at least among the Americans,
Is certainly increasing, and while this may be
largely due to the excitement and worry of
American business life. It is more often the re-
sult of weak stomachs, of poor digestion.
' Real organic disease is incurable; but not one
case in a. hundred of heart trouble is organic..
Trouble.
Some Facts Regarding the Rapid Increase of .Heart
1 •> __,_, this Great Train
¦ AmII
I «"« runt but twice
g P*r weak during
I THURSDIT tt "T
H tuc Lttving a! 9 am,
I it arrives In
is Chicsoo at 2. IS
1 1 nl SrlililfliA p* ° n Thursda y*
9 .-- and Sundays.
I l.HiTED
¦ - ; LI 661 1 1 L V its his* standard
H - of service Is
H .0M . fully maintained.
---._,. f T^*^ w Ws>r ? ff'j7-i??-lTl^n_______fl^_t
—^OF THE—
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE •
AGRICULTURAL
f£t INSURANCE COMPANY
OF WATERTOWN. IN THB STATE OF
New York, on the 31st day of December..
A. D. 1900. and for the year ending- on that
day, as made to the Insurance Commissioner of
the State of California, pursuant to the provi-
sions of sections 610 and 611 of the Political
Code, condensed as per blank furnished .by the
Commissioner.
CAPITAL. .*•?'-
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up in
Cash •.......¦. $500,000 00
ASSETS. / ~~~-
Real Estate owned by Company^".'. . . $342,915 00
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages. . — 784,659 26
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company 610,173 oO
Amount of Loans secured by pledge
of Bonds. Stocks and other mar-
ketable securities as collateral..... 181.S21 27
Cash In Company's Office W. 146 17
Cash In Banks...... '. 106.382 32
Interest due and accrued on- all .,
Stocks and Loans 15,220 74
Interest due and- accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages 27,286 <1
Premiums in due Course of Collection 135,107 37
Rents'due and accrued 600 00
Due from " other Companies for Re-
insurance on losses already paid... 1.225 01
Total Assets ...........'., .12.223.536 35
LIABILITIES. —— —
Losses adjusted and unpaid. $22,535 94
Losses in process. of Adjustment or _
in Suspense 58,220 00
Losses resisted, including expenses.. 8,863 00
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less, *715,329 00: -
reinsurance 50 per cent. . . .....:.... 3a7,664 50
Groes premiums on Fire . Risks "run-
ning more than one year, $1,441,-
862 00; reinsurance pro rata........'. 727,912 36
Total Liabilities ...$1,174,995 80
/ ' INCOME.'
Net cash actually received . for Fire
premiums $936,960 16
Received for interest on Bonds and
• Mortgages.... ,45,293 04
Received for interest and dividends
on Bonds, Stocks. Loans, and from
all other sources S7.828 S3*
Received for Rents 4,365, 81
Received from all other sources...... 840 68
Total Income $1.025,0S8 33
EXPENDITURES. • . ¦ r
Net amount paid for Fire Losses (In-
cluding $91,803 08, losses of previous ¦
years) $567.44? 4S
Dividends to. Stockholders :...... 50,240 00
Paid or allowed ; for - Commission 'or . ¦
Brokerage 179,246 12
Paid for Salaries, Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc.... 92,930 57
Paid for State, National : and Loial .
taxes .:.. ; •...............:. 48,267 44
AH other payments and expenditures . 108,514 82
,: Total Expenditures'......... $1,046,642 40
., . •,., ( - _________
. • >¦; ! ¦"'•:¦¦ '¦ Fire.
Losses incurred during the year...... $570.430 00
, Risks and ¦Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount , of, Risks , '
. written V dining , the
year %.•.... T... .......... $159,364,200 $i;500,351 72
Net ¦ amount ; of • Risks . ¦ v ..
expired . during ' the . , ' '
year......... 166.C27.T0O 1,421,035 72
Net <¦ amount In • force , . ¦'.
.. December 81. 1900 -232.629.200 ' 2.157.191 00
,.-•>¦¦ ••:.. ' ¦ ¦¦' C. ' PATTERSON. Vice Pre«t.~
. "W.H.- STEVENS; Sec'y.
Bubsorlbed and sworn to before roe, this 2Sth
day of January, 1901. ' \ C. F. PECK.
,.* ¦ ' - .Notary Public.
EDWARD BROWN •& SONS,
v GBNBRAL AGENTS,
411-13 ¦ California St., San Franolsco, Cal.
GECH^MURDOCK,
. -CITY AGENT, ,
412 Callfopnla Street.
. . • '. - ¦¦¦•¦.¦ . ¦ ¦
JA SN'AF*l
IgloVesi
I Kot to Be O?erlcoked. |
M CommencinR MONDAY, we B
H place on Special Sale 1200 pairs 1
g LADIES' FINEST QUALITY B
g IMPORTED PIQUE KID B
g GLOVES formerly sold at one B
g dollar and fifty cents for 1
f] C^ err <-» • ¦ I
S Every pair fitted and guaranteed. I
3 Also I
b A new lot of LADIES' TWO- I
B CLASP FRENCH WASH- 3
g ABLE CHAMOIS GLOVES, in ]
[j White, Buff. Pearl. Gray and |
H Mode, sold reguiarly at one dol- I
H lar, for 1
I MOSS' GLOVE STORE 1
U 1210 MARKET STREET, B
¦ Betrreen Taylor and Jones. H
* Three-plec« Slahorany Parlor Set.
J • .. cpholrtered In Eat in tapestry or velour
* — " 913.00 5
Get sa estimate from us on every- m
thing recuired to furnish your entire &
?stabllshment. Credit and free dellv- M
ery within 100 milee. We close at six. B
I T. BRILLIANT I
FURNITURE CO., I
338-342 POST STREET, I
: Opposite Union Square. B
DR. NG TOY KEEr
• SAIf F"RA2CCISCO. May
£• , \ «. 1S0L— DR. XG TOT KEE.
fZ_ 1 210 Stockton «t.:-For j*
fSf^Sri t( y*ar» I have" been a suf-
f*^ ~ . IH * erw from a cancer, and
Vjr If have had eeveral operations
«E3^ ¦& >» performed by the most re-
>v* no— ned physicians in this
State, and bein« inrormed
/$!& ' /S&f&l that u was incurable had
*%»iL m /5p£jlJ Flven up a11 ho^ "hen a
JmlJRdgSfflKmr like sufferer whom you had
*HlgS__!y<^ cured advis^ me to oon-
eult you. I did so, and
*m happy to eay tha* after live months' treat-
ment I am entirely cured, and only too pleased
to certify. this to any one who will call upon
m#. Yours truly. XELLJE W'ALDSTEIN. 63S
Golden Gate avenue.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
AMERICAN" FIRE
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF PHILADELPHIA. IN THB STATE OF
PennEylvanla. on the 31st day of Decem-
ber, A. D. 1900, and for the year ending on that
day. a? made to the Insurance Commissioner of
the State of California, pursuant to the pro-
visions of sections 610 and Cll of the Political
Code, condensed as per Clank furnished by the
Commissioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid ttp In
Cash $500,000 00
• ASSETS. ==
Tteal Estate o— ued by Company $404,379 50
Loan" on Bonds and Mortgages 936,475 55
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company E0T.719 25
Amount of Loans secured by pledge
of Bonds, Stocks, and other mar-
ketable securities as collateral S. 800 00
Cach In Company's Office :. '' 9.310 Dt
Cash in Banks 139.098 29
Interest due and accrued on , all
Stocks and Loans 95 00
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages 15,248 74
Premiums in due Course of Collection 123,139 87
Interest and Rents due. 7,260 06
Ground rents, well secured 20,320 00
Rents accrued „..„„...... 231 23
Total Asset v .$2,477,069 00
LIABILITIES.
XBases adjusted and unpaid $37,170 40
Losses in process of Adjustment or
in Suspense 82,94109
I^osses resisted, including expanses.. 5,931 ts
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or lees. S1.C3S.501 92:
reinsurance 60 per cent. 619,250 96
Gross premiums on Fire Ricks run-
ning more than one year. $1,012-
854 IS; reinsurance pro rata 506,977 12
Amount reclaimable by the Insured
on perpetual fire Insurance policies 677.377 4S
Total Liabilities ~.._.,,..$1.729.708 68
INCOME. ¦"
!f et cash actually received for ~lr»
premiums $1,303,208 35
Deposit premiums on perpetual risks. 26,783 45
Received for Interest on Bonds and
Mortgages 60,377 C5
Received for interest and dividends
on Bonds. Stocks, Loane, and from
all other sources 40,(60 21
Received for Rents 8,854 00
Received from all other sources 3,815 43
Total Income .- S1.43S.708 »S
EXPENDITURES. "
amount paid for Fire Lossea (in-
cluding $170,385 32, losses of previous
¦years) $9S7,TJ8 14
Deposit premiums returned 18,154 S7
Dividends to Stockholders j 35,000 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 294,989 85
Paid for Salaries, Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc... 48,100 00
Paid for State. National and Local
taxes ••• 47,886 et
All other payments a~d expenditures 174.S47 98
Total Expenditures $1,606,216 07
Fir*.
Lcm>>8 incurred during the year $843.455 94
Ritks and Premiums, j Fire Risks. Premiums.
»t amount of Risks
written during . the
year : "....... $m*6»,««7 SLO7.SM II
2Cet amount of RisVs . .
expired during the
year 190.ttl.410 l.«24.128 9»
Jtet amount In force - "
December 31. I900 1S7.4U.IW 1.050.888 10
THOS. H. MONTGOMERY. PrwL
RICHARD MA RIB. Sec'y.
Pubseribed and n— xsrn to before m: this 1st
day of February. 1801. H. F. RBARDON,
Noiary Public
EDWARD BROWN & SONS,
GENERAL AGENTS.
411-13 California St., San Francisco, Cat.
C A. HENRY A CO.,
i CITY. AGENTS, <52Sm8*J
215 Sansome Street.
Weekly Call, $i per Year.
¦^^K3i^^\\^j^Vyy^fj ¦jaAy.wf j!*A\ '|C^ 'TB II \ f \"^^J 1 ¦ / r3'K*a? fl
BSb^n§S2a^uBvCvwd\\\ V\( 1 * \ * * I ii aT^BpHr^^*n8Mk^^^'^^i jC^"\l if it vC^^^QhhMB
m **£^£ shoes' fa
|B «St\oe sireryjrt\ ¦
I features every pair of our ¦_¦
gS ehoea— not only .durable, ___|
but stylish and comfort- __B
n able as well. The price. Bj
mm • the great number of _B
mm styles and sizes to pick
Up >v from, Ehould induce every A
ECl * 1 economical buyer to come B
¦¦ ' here. Fit - Eeze $Z 50 E3
W Shoes for men and __
n women — 100 styles. wo
if LN.ElSENBERG . I I
¦ ¦¦¦ t3a<» MarKef Str ¦ I
|. Opp. Oos FtLuows Bloo. 1
ADVERTISEMENTS.Of Interest to .the i Coast.
WASHINGTON.' % D.* C; - June , 22.4-Postor flee
established: •-¦Washiheton —^York,' : Snohomish
County; Sumner.Ai York, postmaster.' Dijwon- ;
tinu.ed:. ".California—July % 15— Silvan; San Diego
County:\man* to Escondido.S- Postmaster. 1 com
mlecroned: .-' Oregon— Clyde M. 1 Rice. ¦ PratUm." ; '
•"" The > follpwingr . pensions were issued to-day
California— Original— Martin ' Collin. - Sacra
mento, • J6. '.War with Spain^-Origlnal^Charles
P, .Monroe,'. Ean. Francisco, : |6; ".-. v -.",5:
• . Washington— Original— John R. " Roth; • Pome
roy,' $6.; Restoration : and '¦ reissue— James iW
Snyder.dead. Davenport.'. »10. Original wldowB
.-^Frankie : Snyder,- Davenport.vjs. f .- *¦*•;,;
NEW YORK, June 22.^rCharles 'W,
C^ark, son of United States Senator Wil
liam A. Clark of Montana; is being sued
in the Supreme Court for $20,000 damages
by William Peyton Mason for alleged
slander. Mason charges in his complaint
that in June. 1900, while In Butte, he -was
engaged by William A. Clark Jr.. to go to
the National Democratic Convention at
KansasCity to get up a labor demonstra
tion to receive .William A. Clark, the pres
ent United States Senator, and the Mon
tana delegation on their arrival in Kansas
City. Mr., Mason .went to Kansas City
about Julyl,nnd two days later, he re
ceived from William- A. -Clark, he: alleges*,
$2000 to be expended In getting up, the la
bor demonstration. "He says he spent the
money for this purpose, and after the na
tional convention returned to Butte with
the rest of the delegates.
Mason's complaint then states that upon
information and belief on or about: the
10th of July, 1900, at the Silver. Bow club,
in the city of Butte, Mont., the defendant,
Charles W.; Clark, son of William- A.
Clark; in the presence and hearing: of
divers persons 'maliciously spoke concern
ing the plaintiff false and " defamatory
words,-- to' the effect that "he (the plain
tiff) stole $2000.". Hq charges" that these
.words were spoken concerning the money
which had been paid to him by William
A. Clark Jr. -.in - behalf of -Senator . Clark.
He avers that the charge is false.^ i .-¦
•Mr. Mason»resides in New York •: City.
Senator Clark's; son has' not- put : in an
answer ta.the complaint as yet. .
Special Dispatch to The Call. '
•NEWtTORK, June 22.— Surrounded . by
no less -than twelve elders of the Church
of Jesus Christ of Latter Day, Saints and
by a throng of earlier converts,: three New
York women were to-day plunged beneath
the "waters of iNew York Bay.; in publio
confession of their beLef in the doctrines
of the Mormon church. ..Two of them , are
women \ already, married, arid one . is a
maid. -. • '--. •>-¦;•.;,:- ¦__ -.¦.-¦. -¦¦..--.,
So auiet and . unobtrusive ¦ has ¦ been the 1
proselyting 1 conducted by :• this band of
young disciples of Prophet Joseph; Smith,
who constitute what they designate as the
lEastern States Mission,'' that- little ?of their
success had reached ;: the . public ear until
last week, when . the announcement i was
made ¦ of the conversion' of the president
and secretary". ; of : the Young :• People's
Christian" Endeavor • Society ¦ of the Port
Morris Congregational Church. The evan-.
gellcal churches of Brooklyn. Harlem and
¦the Bronx,: sections where Mormon mis
sionaries • have: been most active, : are ! only
now awakening to I the | new' danger , that
threatens " the integrity of : their member
ship." The Eastern States Mission has -al
ready enrolled . more than 1000 converts. .
Three . Women Are Baptized
in the Faith of the Latter"
Special- Dispatch to The CalL
MQRMQNISM GAINING
JEW YORK CONVERTS
Politician Demands Damages
for Reflection Upon His
Honesty.
SENATOR CLARK'S SON
IS SUED FOR SLANDER
Hew Minister, to Korea.
.TTASHIXGTON. June 22.— The President
to-day signed the commission of Horace
N.-All^n-of Ohio as Minister to Korea.
Every Irishman 'should wtite on his
heart "Ourselves for ourselves.',' Until
the Irish stood ¦ for - themselves they could
not succeed.' If there •was sufficient cause
and a reasonable hope of success who
would say that' the Catholic church was
not in favor of that cause which was
symbolized by the immortal flag of green?
"It depends not on France," said Father
Yorke;. "it depends on ourselves, the scat
tered children of the Gael. .Would not the
Irish .fight in Ireland better -for them
selves than they had fought in South
Africa'. for the Boers? ¦ Our" enemy is not
England so ' much -as a belief that our
own people have not ¦ brains as : bright and
arms as strong ; A as those > who' have been
willing to fight> for;. their freedom. '.The
first . thing ' that the > Irish : must . do, and
this ' is >: of .' first ' importance, is .to have
faith . in ; themselves. ; •¦ In . two ¦ years . the
proud pageantry of ¦ England had ; become
tinsel because ',; there •; were.' 300,000 > people
who ¦ had known ' how to fight. The day
was < ; coming , when :.' England > would be
weighed In the » balance and ' found • want
ing—she * who : was r out-heroding : Herod in
the ¦ war : upon children.'.' ;••¦.•...•.. ! : ._
- Between i- the ; speeches W. • JV O'Brien,'
Miss T Daisy ; V. ; Keene, ; George V." Wood
and r Jeremiahi-Deasy'jsang-, Irish :• songs.
The ¦ exercises ; ended - by ;¦ i singing : "God
Save ¦ Ireland"/jto : the ' tUne > of "Tramp,
Tramp, the Boys : Are Marching.',' . v \ , ,
Motto From Irishmen.
Father Yorke was enthusiastically re
ceived with cheers. • He was to have deliv
ered an address on Wolfe Tone, but it
was very late before he began, and he
therefore spoke of the Irish cause in a
more general way: He said that in South
Africa the same pl.-Mi was being carried
out 'by, "the Pharisee nation" that the
Spanish had pursued in Cuba. Had any
other /nation than England done what the
English were doing the whole world would
rise in denunciation of it. There are 63,000
Boers, of whom 30,000 are women and chil
dren, herded in: the British detention
camps? where the children are dying at
the rate of 300 per month. Practically all
the women and children of the two repub
lics had • been swept into camp. There
they were poorly fed and the mortality
was large. ,
.The history, of England at the beginning
of the twentieth century, he said, had
been her history ever since VStrongbow"
was in Ireland and women and children
had been shot down in the streets of Irish
villages. Meeting on the anniversary of
the birth of Wolfe Tone, he hoped for the
time when the Irish -would repay In heap
ed up, crowded in -and overflowing meas
ure the debt that is due to "the robber
nation of the world." Catholic theology
did not oppose revolution when there was
just cause and' a reasonable hope of suc
cess. There were both in the case of Ire
land. Constitutional agitation would only
have effect, when the English Government
believed that there was some force back
Of it. , -,\ ¦ -r /¦- :'.-¦,;.- ) " .'. ; '..':. : •' ¦ '
Father Yorke Is Cheered.
- What the Irish had done in South Afri
ca, he said, they were ready to repeat in
Ireland. They did not stop fighting in
South Africa until the war had reached
the guerrilla stage. Then, being without
the prime essential of guerrilla warfare,
horses, they had to stop.
"We left many ¦ in soldiers' graves, but
we kept the flag of Ireland unsullied. You
can take up that ' flag if you will. We
hope to take it up in our own island home,
never to drop it until ' we have swept
away the last vestige - of the empire of
hell."
He described thfe start of the Irish
Brigade for the front in; South 'Africa. 5
"The Irish flag" was flying over us and
vengeance was - burning . in our hearts.
I could not help feeling that at last we
were going out to fight England, but
wished that we were fighting for Ireland,
In Ireland."
"If freedom is worth having," said
Major McBride; "it is worth fighting for;
and if it is not worth fighting
for it is not worth having." He
spoke; ' of ./ Wojfe, Tone, Fitzgerald,
Emmet, Mitchel, . O'Mahoney. Stephens
and others, and : said * that ; * they
had the right spirit.-. Talking would never
achieve Irish independence. He had faith
that the Irish cause ' would live until the
¦ laurel wreath; of = victory is .placed upon
the flag of Erin.'- Americans whipped
the ¦•¦•English-* twice and the Boers were
whipping them to-day, he said. The time
of the Irish might come to-morrow.
Freedom Worth Fighting For.
' After an organ prelude by Miss Marie
Giorgiani, Chairman Mellott "made a few
preliminary remarks, filled with patriotic
sentiment, and then introduced Major
McBride. Owing to the demonstration
Major .- McBride was .unable to -^ proceed
with his! speech for some time. He spoke
of. the work of the, Irish Brigade in South
Africa- -and 'recounted' the deeds of valor
performed by individual members, of that
command. The recital was -of ten inter
rupted | with cheers. ' Interspersed with
the story,. of South African campaigning
were expressions of opinion. -..' ¦.¦¦¦.¦
" Most Rrv. > P. W. Rlordan.' Hon. James , D."
I^helan, Col. i John :S. Young. Col. Thomas. F.
Ba*ry, Gen. R. H. Warfleld, Judge W. H.
Beatty, Rev. , Father P. S. Casey, Rev.
Father Thomas Larkin, Rev. Father J. J.
Prendergaet, Rev. Father John J. Cullen.
I Rev. Father Hugh Lagun, Rev. Father
vPhillp O'Ryan, Thomas M. Searey, George
•A. Stanley, Captain P. J. Dunne.
Jeremiah Deasy, William Hudson. John
Coleman, John V. • Cochran, Conor Mur
phy, ¦ "William Toomey. Rev. Father D. -O.
Crowley, Rev. Father James McDonald, I Rev.
Father WlUlam Gleason, Rev. Father Gannon,
Gus McCabe. J. H. Cregan, J. H. Devine,
Emil Carvalho. Governor Henry T. Gage. Gen
eral W. R. Shaf ter,' Colonel J. J. Dwyer,
David Starr Jordan. Major Hooper, Robert
Ferral, James R. ICelly, Robert Tobin, R. C.
O'Connor, James A. Emery, John P. Henry,
P. F. McCarthy, C. B. Flanagan. F. J. Kierce,
Colonel J. C. O'Connor, James J. Canlffe, Hon.
James Kline. T. V. Collins, F..B. Lynch, John
Minnlhan. J. J. Mahoney, Jeremiah Mahoney,
John O'Gara, John Mulhern, J. T. McCor
mick, ¦ John Burns, Michael Coakley, Thomas
Pinther, , Commandant J. Krige. O. E." B. Ken
nedy. • '. i
The Invited Quests.
The reception by the Knights of the Red
Branch to Major John McBride in Metro
politan Temple last evening on th# 137th
anniversary^ of the birth of Theobald
Wolfe Tone was marked with great en
thusiasm. There " were two , ringing
speeches, one by Major McBride and the
other by the R«v. Peter, C. Yorke, both of
which called forth prolonged cheering.
The principal idea "V advanced by. both
speakers was that if the Irish wished to
secure national independence they must
be ready to fight for it and that parlia
mentary agitation without the force of
ready and warlike men behind it would
never give Ireland its righta. At one
stage of the proceedings, after theVid
dress by Major McBride, an enthusiastic
Irishman in the gaJlery arose and called
for three cheers for Ireland and Oom
Paul, which were given. ' . .
The hall was handsomely decorated
with, harps.' Irish flags, American flags,
streamers of red, white and blue, flowers
and the emblem of the Knights of the Red
Branch. . In front of the organ a harp
blazed in electric lights and above it was
a star.- also electrically illuminated. On
the stage were T. J. Mellot the presiding
officer;. Major McBride, Father Yorke and
other guests of the Red Branch. The. list
of invited guests was as follows: ' \- .,:
Major • O'Brien and Father
. Yorke Speak of Ireland's
Freedom.
Patriotism Is Theme at
¦ vthe. Red Branch Re
ception/
TONE'S MEMORY
STIRS ORATORS
16
~ -- THE EATS FRANCISCO CALL', ; SUNDAY,. NJTJB 23, 1901.
who went to Mendodno, Cal.. in 1&>6 from
Philadelphia and to Puget Sound In 185S.
committed suicide to-day by shooting
himself through the head. He was 79
•years of age. Despondency over ill health
was the cause.
Mendodno Pioneer Ends lASe.
SEATTLE, June 22.— James L. Clark,
Washington and Great Northern to
Tap the Republic Mines Is
Incorporated.
SEATTLE, June 22.— Articles Of incor
poration for the Washington and Great
Northern Railway, which is to be built
through the Okanogan Valley, tapping the
rich Republic mines, and which la to be
controlled by Hill and the Great North
ern road, have been filed in the office of
the County Auditor. The incorporators
are: James J. Hill, president of the Great
Northern; Judge Thomas Burke. Will H.
Thompson, Edward Sawyer and M. G.
Grover, general counsel for the Great
Northern. The new- road will give rail
way transportation to Republic, Methow,
Grand Forks, Loomls and Boundary
Creek. The road will be 250 miles long
and cost $9,000,000.
COMPANY WTLZ* SPEUD
M1XLI0NS ON" RAILROAD
HUNTINGTON. W. Va.. June 22.—An
other outbreak occurred at the Lick Fork
mines In the Thacker and Mattewan fields
late last night. A number of shots were
fired and several persons were reported
The miners claim they want no trouble
and that they already have the situation
well in hand. The lines have been drawn
closely, and any moment may bring for
ward a new development with serious re
sults.
Last evening late some of the miners
were fired upon by the guards. The fire
was returned by the miners, dispersing
the guards and slightly wounding Deputy
Lambert in the leg.
sued an injunction restraining the min
ers. What effect the United States Court
will have on the strike is not known. The
miners have all the money necessary and
have opened . commissary stores on . the
ground. and. are. taking 1 care of all men
who do not work.
injured, but It Is Impossible to secure
names. Ex-Attorney General Thacker.
the attorney for the coal companies, was
at the scene and a dozen shots were fired
at him, but he took shelter behind a rock
pile and escaped injury.
The strikers are determined that all
non-union men shall quit work In these
fields and Winchesters are in evidence
everywhere. The National ¦ Guard may be
called ur»on to assist the Sheriff in keep
ing down a riot. • •
CHARLESTON," W. Va.. June 22.-
Governor White said to-day, when asked
If he had sent troops to the scene of the
Mattewan troubles:
"As yet I have no official knowledge of
any trouble at Mattewan, consequently I
have Issued no orders to the militia."
Nevertheless, all is activity in the ad
jutant general's department and th»
Huntlngton battalion can reach the scene
In three hours If a call is made.
. WILLIAMSON, TV. Va., June 22.— The
miners' strike In the Thacker-Mattewan
coal fields is growing 1 critical. The whole
field-is in a state of. excitement and se
rious trouble ¦ la . feared. . Already two or
three conflicts have occurred between the
strikers 'and the "guards placed on' the
works by the operators. . . ¦ ,
The .trouble has grown out of the non
recognition of the union by the "opera
tors. v The operators declare they will not
recognize the . union and the* miners are
equally.; as persistent In demanding that
they shall be recognized. Up to last even
ing four or five hundred miners had gone
out • and It is now said the whole field is
on strike. ' ' .
Diego Crowded With Inter
esting Events.
Second Day of th* Turnf est at San
Sheriff Hatfield. with deputies, is at the
scene of action to quiet the trouble as far
as possible. Judge Jackson- yesterday ls-
TURNERS ~M*A.TrP) MERRY
AT BIO CELEBRATION"
SAN DIBGO, June 22.— The second day
of the Pacific Coast Turnf eat was filled
with; events and attractions from 7:30
o'clock in the morning until midnight.
The day's turning and shooting was held
at Lakeside Grove, over . 200 Turners and
their friends making the trip out from this
city. Last evening exercises . were held
in Turner Hall on Second street There
were prize contests in declamation, es
says and singing. The principal address
of the fest was delivered by Albert Curlln
of Oakland, president of the Pacific Turn
bezirk.
The active Turners :• devoted most of
their time at the picnic to turning on
horizontal and parallel bars ' and the
horse. About seventy took part in the
events. Martinez Chick of this city was
in the lead for the day. There was a wand
drill in which the active Turners from
the different societies took part, San
Francisco winning the prize. . .
, Turner Hall contained a large crowd this
evening. The first number was a prize
Miners Return the Fire . of Armed Men Protecting Mattewan
. ; Collieries, Wounding One and Putting the Others to Flight. •
, State Troops May Be Ordered Out by the Governo
FREQUENT FIGHTS BETWEEN STRIKERS
AND GUARDS AT WEST VIRGINIA MINES
LAREDO, Texas, June 22.— City Marshal
Brennan of this city and a posse of eight
Laredo police left last "Wednesday for the
coal mines, thirty miles above*nere, on
the strength of Information that Cortez,
the alleged murderer of Sheriffs Morris
and Glover, was in that vicinity. To-night
the following telegram was received from
Officer Gomez:
"Man supposed to be Cortez captured.
Now in charge of Captain Rogers of State
Rangers. Can you send special train to
mines?" >• „. ,^
A special train was chartered by Sheriff
Ortiz and left at 9 o'clock to bring the
prisoner and posse.
contest in declamation. In which Mrs. H.
Bruepmann and Mrs. Peterson of this city
and Henry Stahl of San Francisco took
part. The selection was "Der Sanger
Meister," and all three were liberally ar>
plauded. President Curlln then delivered
his address, thanking the citizens of San
Diego, the Turner Slstere, the members
of the Turn Vereln and the business men
for the hearty welcome extended to the
visitors. The picnic will be continued to
morrow and there will be a ball to-mor
row night
TEXAN'S BELIEVE THEY A
HAVE CAPTURED COBTEZ
The. telephone was first practically used
In , England ¦ in 1876,. when over .' one ? hun
dred- and -fifteen', miles i of wire existed be-'
tween London; and* Norwich,- but no tele-"
graph exchange was established until 1879.
;>, Patrick ; W.i. Clancy7i 3pecial ;i officer,:, was
heldlto answer f bef ore the r Superior Court
by f :; Judge; Fritz -yesterday i on 'the 'charge
of . murder : without : bail." He - was accused
of shooting and killrnjr Attorney J.'N.E.v
Wilson: on May 8 in Wilson's office at 320
Bansome street. 'No defense was put in.
Clancy, Held for Murder.
CHICAGO, : June 22.-L.Jeutenant Colonel
Roy of Port Canada,' appeared at
police . headquarters to-day t for informa
tion .in regard; to W. G. - Campbell, who
was; arrested a fewldays'ago in. Cincin
nati on a-charge of being connected < with
an alleged smelting swindling r scheme;
Colonel Roy. declares he was swindled out
of $2000 by. Campbell «and,it, is. nomr his in
tentldrt "to ¦secure' If \ possible- extradition
papers " for. the latteY. . • . •
Campljell Is Wanted in 5 ! Canada..
¦ Suits for" divorce 'were filed yesterday, by
Ella* S.' Ziylnge, against 1 Henry . F. "Zwinge
f or >: failure : to provide, ". V, Kate". , Healey
against Robert D. Healey; for ; desertion,'
Bernard : Bernstein ." against . Qussie :-¦ Bern
stein : for , infidelity,; and ; Josephine - Jans
sand against . Isidore . Janssand I for deser
tion:'" ; " .-:-¦ ¦ ;v >:*,'¦ ¦¦;" '. : ¦'•¦ : ;i: -- • ¦'•
"Divorce Suits Filed.
.,.,", ADVERTISEMENTS. ',; -.... . ,-.V. \ /.,,-.. '" - •¦¦ : ¦ -i.
i'mppMT WsiqIi RnniiQ nf t liW^YPii r-.'fo3oS'ilw E i
g BIGGEST ffQOif yyUISO WfllO -111 lilD I UQl MORNING.- %
I 3000 Pieces at Half the Former Selling Price. |
SB "We will inaugurate to-morrow morning the most extraordinary sale of Elgh-Cla'es Wash; Goods. t£
St= Of course those who come early will choose from complete assortments., Owing to the backwardness of the
SH season one of the large wholesale houses turned "over to us its ENTIK-E STJBPLXJS STOCK of Wash Goods,- ""•
g= representing some 30OO PIECES OF THIS SEASON'S VERY FINEST A1TD MOST EXCLUSIVE ' IM-
POKTED styles end weaves,, like IRISH DIMITIES, SCOTCH MADRAS GINGHAMS, .POULARDS, -^
fc MERCERIZED SWISSES and choice WHITE GOODS. 3^J
SH The entire purchase will bn ready for 70U to select from to-morrow morning and will be offered at :^
about one-half the former selling price. : . . . • \ -' ¦ -*S
£ A"r\V. BELFAST DIMITIES. A f\ P ' MJERCpiZED F O U - A f T SCOTCH MADRAS GING- 3
•^ ill 1 ' resrular value iw,- yard; >| IB^ LARDS for handsome >l f-^V/. HAMS. 32 inches wide for *^
I fc a _ .a Hne sheer fabric In £ J*jf -. . summer, dresses; a light- • | , -- ¦ . nobbv shirt wai<stR- » 'nir ¦ "**J
fc: JL \J Y&rd white and Ont«J erounds, JL C/ Yard weight fabric • that . you A- C/ Yard fwtly woven cloth In :^
mm- in pink, sky blu*. cad«st, _ , . cannot tell from silk; in :. , , pretty striDes and in the -^'
•»- lavender, gwn. navy and Reg^** P«ee 36e flne foreign foulard^ de- Regnlu Fri«a «6« scarce colorings Ilk? ox- =5
XZZ- Wack and white: small floral effects. signs and colors of green, blood, light blue nlnk -*l
••— rtrtpes. dots, eprlgs. spray*. «-tc-i abso- blue. pink, red and lavender: regular value heliotrope, gray black and white- the reirl =
~Z lutely fast colors; every yard worth »c. S5c a yard. On special sale at.... lOc yard ular SSo grade. On special sale at.. ISo yd Jm
m On Epeclal sale lOc yard — — ¦ • ... • <m
•— ¦**^«*\n NOVELTT MADRAS "^
*T" A t* C MERCERIZED* EM- >JI 1^ GINGHAMS in handsome A •& C "WHITE PIQUE, extra
fc 1 t\W BROIDERED SWISSES Vj >7 y.^i lace striped and hem- , \ A t» heavy- quality corded 2
ZZ I rJ V.WI and ? laln * nd a*"'"'* 1 %Jf YMd s«tched effects, the finest I LL English pique In fanoy r25
fc AW Y*rf eras. Ylnens. in light and fcm.* 00^ 0 "*^ that are so , X T Yard and plain corded effectsi i =3
— — _ ,«_,.. medium grounds : one of B»g. rrie« 7S« « ooe muc h j n demand for _ deDendabla weirlnr miii — ••
«*¦; BegnlM Priw t6o the prettiest fabrics of the waists and" suits; in all B»ffnUr PrU» 26« it^fVr skirts to^sel or 3
S»^ season; In all the leading the leading colors; a great opportunity to ' ¦ ¦¦ ¦ mountain wear* every -4
•*- shades and dedens; regular \"alue 25c. On secure this popular fabric -which sold as yard worth He On special sale at 2
J5T special sale 15c yard high as 75c yard. Special at 30c yard *......v... ;..... 14c yard US
"^ IOn VADfl CflD QKo U/UITC PnfinO -Over 20^ pieces choice white goods are included In this pur- Z2
t ISC YAHO FOB 35C WHITE BOOD&.s^-^^'gff^. fc aj^»^ lrf --« a m
?y^- DIMITIES, Lawns In openwork, hemstitched and embroidered effects;, all go on sale— your choice at.. IQ* YAUfl -^
I Enormous Shirt Special Offering in |
I Waist Sale. Handkerchiefs, {
mt= <kl fink Instead Of . 63 QE Instead Of ' F(>r the coming week we will offer our patrons' an unusual
v- k?1,\J J S3 OO . »JJvJiOJ $6 and S7.5O opportunity for purchasingr handkerchiefs much below regular !3
gr Here Is news of Shirt Waists that should Interest everywoman Prices.; A" recent purchase of 1200 dozen Ladies' Fancy Handker- :^
ZZ ln t? 11 * cltT ' Our Xli!W Torlt buyer made a grand purchase of chiefs goes on sale to-morrow at prices so low as to mean a loss -J
mm— Ladies' Cotton Shirt Waists at a big loss to the manufacturer, to the makers, but they were overstocked, therefore were willing' -55
TT^ and. as usual, we share our good luck with our customers. to make a sacrifice "• -^ •
urn— They comprise the finest and most fashionable waists made this " . / -'-.-, '¦' ¦ . •-- - —*'
ST* season, splendidly made and perfect fitting, of high class import- 3c FflPll S0 ° dozen Ladles* •' Swiss Scalloped Embroidered -^
J^ ed Madras Gingham and White Lawn with lace and embroidered w« ?». in Handkerchiefs, sheer quality, worth 10c On sale ZS
effects, all sires; all go on sale at these remarkably low prices. "Orimue. t j,i 8 week, each .-. g e _*»
•^ d?i CC » dozen LADIES' SHIRT WAISTS, made of 8sC EdCfl. l°° d °?* n . 68 '^"^ trlmmed ' embroidered and -*l
•*— A T.»V box plaits, the latest sleeve,, collar and cuffs; |OSf» F?f"h 20 ° iozen Ladies* "fine hemstitched, embroidered
XifiOa in a choice assortment of colored stripes; mZttlvn and lace trimmed Handkerchiefs, exceptlcnal .-^
•H. Worth $3.00 sizes S2 to 44; worth J3. On sale at, C1-65 worm iJUe. value at 20c. On sale this week .at. each.,..12'4c -**»
¦^ <D/"\ QC «> 1 0zen high class WHITE LAWN WAISTS. iS|9-:.*Sll' .beautiful effects. ei lace n trimmed/ twSced" 5
5C^ u) rfiOD mad * of sheerest white lawn, beautifully worta «e « dfte _ scalloped, embroidered and hemstitched; worth -^
s^_ s?\ trimmed with lace and embroidery, also with as high as 35c. On special Bale at,. each...... ...;....16 2-3c
zz w « E«h IS^rS^rsS^^ SMS "SS, 1 *^ 35c Each. !S o^^t3S : f a T l \\l°
—Z Worth $6 ft $7.69 ve^r exceptional; guaranteed to fit perfectly^ Worth 60c ft 76c £,£ . icalKSed. "SSroldSrSd 9 anS hemiutcbiS i *3
•^ f750 SpeciaL each : MtUaI Valaes $6 and S^- 85 ¦ dainty and pretty handkerchief, actual value 60c and 75c! '<£. Z&
*£~ r *• cttV11 W 6ale this week at, each ...35e "^
m k ¦ -_ . . ;.•¦,..,.-. ;-*!*,' -.;"¦>»¦(.'• •," •••••• '
mm— 58«50 " J<> . . ig> ¦ All WaaI Phallioc """"'
> . piaited fiounee. fin- | *- '/>?.- Fine French All _«¦
y l>t» silk; all colors '^/^•B^^^S WRm'-^'^^ the, leading; shades—
TT _ and blatk; worth BB rf^3B«^^l«sjBBsSS"*^^^ goods that sold for jg
wm— $S hk each. Monda v J . ' . * * ' - . ¦ • 60c and 75c yard. —^
•^ ?li-CapIi -* COUNTRY^ORDEBS RECEIVE .PROMPT ATTENTION Monday,., .:
s= MtatD v ?—^ ¦ -.- . . ¦:--.. . '. — ! — — _ ,': 2Sc Yard. 3
| WOMEIf*S ; DRESS SKIBJS. V ANOTHER JBREAT 'SILK W/HSTSALE, 1
| S4.95 F0R;$7.5pAND 58,511 SKIRTS- ' \ \ | , $4.65 FOR S7;50 WAJSTS ik % I J
fc r .*& W *"5!! m 5fc-W T ° rk '' ?7l Ains Bklr * ''manufactured 55 ¦ To-morrow promises to be THE>ILK WAIST DAT of' the sea- =3*
•*5T Ladies* Black Dress Skirts at a price, that maTces 'tt'one- of the.-- son - when w«lll place on sale 200! Watsts.^that, for ¦"excellence =2
yw_ beet, skirt purchases we ever maiie'arid on which ««•, promise * ill at ~ 8tyl *v ? ual 'ty and low price, have never been surpassed US
SE= you a Eav-ing of from ; S2.50 to 53.50 each. Tbey>are made of the JJito^ 1 ? . chol ,f e ?" -every particular and have just been ex^ E2
•^ very best all wool BlackCheviot. with a seven**- ? ' . Thl fl^t time S5J»t r 5, H Uyei \ ''=»tfrely --new styleshown IS
£ gored circular flounce trimmed with three rows- <£ A QC ha^d^mely^tucTed" fS^i^^^na^^^ C^--^
mm— of sHk and satin bands; a very gracefully hang- «I)/s %KJKJ front and back and sleeves; in all the fashion- ' *K VI K*S
**r* Jng tkirt. worth in the regular way f7.50 and s B 4 - able. colors of light blue. pink,, cardinal, green, y/li'^^ r^
*T- JS.SO. On sale Monday, at.... X* «ya{ lavender, white and black; sizes 32. to 44;, - --TT1 ' ' ZS
*T" . .. greatvalue at ?i.5O. On sale to-morrow at.. Each -*V *^8
I Si^^SSL A i||||s|i BLACrGOOOS BAR6JINS. |
f>~ Black Peau de Sole. Duchesse and Taffeta $1.10 rUn SI, 75 GLOVES. r^ 5 ., ha X e arran «^ for Monday and
•£Z to be placed on sale for to-morrow only A n uneouni^i «ffl,^ . u IU *" . Tuesday .two special black dress goods r2
at one-third less than regular prices. unequaied offering; a-rare opportun- Items; goods., of "unquestioned > excellence "-^5
S= o*> V - fo , *i -«s Tn\rv p T . T . lty to Becure thes « doves so renowned -for »»<*- at a.big saving.. . . .. ....
•^ 89c Yarfl 98cTart-forffuff%*^ t^iia27- 2
heavy and lustrous silk for dress purposes'; .">ce. These are the genuine Castor Suede. *| Kfl Vpioihn "" dmeSSSte wViS "3
•fc: regu!ar value $L2S. For Monday.. g»c yard perfect fitting, pique sewn, with 2-clasp JIDU "W™: qualUy? of a fasT bUck
48Cj2rd f E r SS E 5C of SA a TI ?a S t D Sk reT^e^gTo^s'ar: 0 ' 16^^^ 1111 ™?^'.^-^'SSr&JStZ 1
m— dye: rood wearing quality for waists, skirts es- These gloves *** generally . retailed ..;. 98c yard -3
5^ or lining; regular value 76c For Mon- at most stores . for fl.75 a pair. but. fora OO«, YarH fnr <00 yards all wool Black
--* *** ..4Sc yard special inducement for Monday's g'ove «»OC TalQ TOl EriglST Cheviot 60 3
s= 54c Yard T°i T 45s. A ? UA a CK^ WI < ss buyers * they wi » **• off«d f Or fl»-- 1B $1.25 Cheviot. inche » wlde v a '«™"i ZZ
£ SaUtT: with rtch. A hSu1'nn, S a h: " one ™» <* Pair $1— or separate skirts? shr^nk^and sp^a'
mm— cepticnal: worth 75c yard. For Monday Every. pair fitted and guaranteed. good value at $1.25 yard. On special sale <t
J^- # only... ...................'. 54c yard .-.'¦ :¦.-_¦- ¦ " at — ." 88c yard "^
NEW WASHABlTdrE^ «IHK - 29c FOR 65c SILK MOREEN. A WHITE FETTJCOAt SALE. 3
«£_ ntW.^WBABLt UKt65 iRIHIi.. The best -Moreen bargain of the season If you are looking for economy, style 2
!***" Come and see the latest New York craze that you should not miss. Just closed out an<5 effectiveness In underwear, then you
mm— In Wash Skirts; fhey are h»»re ln large 20 pieces for less thaji Imnnrt.^. «w rnust come here to-morrow and choose one "^
•— variety: made' with .three - flounces, dip v' t y, ,' „ tmporter s price. O f these pretty white Underskirts. A man-
**— front and graduated r effect: the choicest t^ xtr& «eavy quality Silk Moreen, so well ufacturer closed out; to us~al,l his spring — ¦•
mm— styles of Duck. Pique and Linen; in colors adapted fo> petticoats; black ground" with sa i*»Ple» at a big discount; which we -^
*»— of Black. Na\«y... White and Natural: also bright mercerized stHrw»« r,t »t,n * wt offer you on tne same, basis. The finest :^5
•^r t%ith polka dots; jfcerfectly hanging skirts. D " Knt mercenzea stripes of white, blue, white cambric has been used for them -3
¦fc— Prtoed from ". f - ¦.-'. • rea . yellow, green and heliotrope; actual trimmed exquisitely with lace and em- "~^
25= *| Kfi in 9 A Ml Car«?i ' value 65c yard. For Monday r*^v broidery; extra' length and width; regular -m
ZZ JI#3U 40 J4.1U tdCHi v :QQr * 400 and.J4.50 Skirts. On sale «*»O-85 2
mm— . . '- ¦ -\- •• iard.*»t/V to-morrow at.. Each O^5 Z*m
"Is the wax drying In your ears?". •
'"Do you hear better some days than others r*
"Is your hearing worse when you have) a
cold?"
I Don't neglect this until your hearing Is Ir-
reparably destroyed.' Drs. Shores can curs you.
Read the following" symptoms over carefully,
mark those you feel in your case, and jend or
bring them to Drs. Shores and they will ten
you whether you can be ; cured FREE OF
; fC'. The Head and Throat. >j r
This form of catarrh Is most common— re-
sulting from neglected colds— quickly .; cured
with little cost * by Drs. , Shores' ; famous treat-
ment. .. ; ¦ "¦.";•;¦•-:: . • '•
¦ Vis your nose stopped - upr . ¦ .
: "Does your . nose discharge?"
( ? "Is your nose sore and tender?"" _ \
V- "Is' there, pain, in front of. head?" ¦•
; "Do you ' hawk to clear the throat T* *
'¦'• Is * your . throat " dry In ; the morning r* ¦-
"Do you sleep with ; your mouth open V
• 'You can be easily cured now— don't let It run.
Into = complications. -... J' •. " ' -
• The rBronchial 5 Tubes. •
'•'.When' catarrh" of the head or throat Is neg-
lected ' or wrongfully treated, It ' extends . down
the windpipe 1 into vthe bronchial .tubes,, and
after a while attacks the lungs. ' Quickly cured
with' little -cost '-by Drs.'Shores' famous treat-
ment. ¦¦ - :¦:• ¦.. / .- . ..-- ¦ ; ¦ •' •;;..¦; -
;.-"Have you a cough?. - . .
'.'Do you take cold- easily?"
: "Have you; pain. In the side?"
-"Do you /raise frothy materlalsr*
'."Do you spit: up, little^cheesy lumps?"
"Do you feel you'are growing ¦wealeer?**.. ¦
¦ ¦¦¦ Don' t • risk neglecting these .warnings— stop
the disease before It: reaches the lungs. v- :
Of the Ears.
; ' Catanh' "extends I from the' throat - along" \ ths"
eustachlan tubes into the ears. , causing partial'
or complete - deafness. -: Quickly, cured . with ¦ lit-
tle -cost < by : Drs. Shores'- famous, treatment
r "Is your hearing; falling?"/
' "Do your ears ' discharge ?" - "
Kidney Disease
Results In- two ways, by taking eeld and by
overworking the kidneys In separating from
the blood the ; catarrhal poisons which affect
all organs. Quickly cured with little cost by
Drs." Shores' famous treatment.
• "Do your hands- and feet swellT"
"Is It noticed more at night?"
"Is there pain In the small of th« back!"
"Has the perspiration a bad odorT' "
- "Is there pufftnesa under the eyes?"
"Do you have to sret up often at nlshtr*.
"Is there a deposit ; in ' urine If left stand-
ing?"
Don't neelect these signs and risk Bright's
Disease killing you. ¦ Cure It now.
Idver Disease.
The liver Is ' affected ; by' Catarrhal poison*,
extending from the stomach Into th» ducta of
the liver. Quickly cured wlti Uttla cost by
Dm. Shores', famous treatment.
•'Do you get dlisyT" - "
;"Have you cold feet V •
"Do you feel miserable V
"Do you get tired easy?"
; "Do you have hot • flushes ?" ~
' "Are your spirits low at time* V
"Do you have rumbling in the bowels V
.Of the Stomach,
Catarrh of the Stemach is usually eaused by
swallowing mucus, which drops . down from
the head and throat at night. Quickly cured
at little cost by Drs, Shores' famous treat-
ment. **<3R&IHwUBjMtaS^fisjd
"Is there nausea?"
"Do you belch uo gas?"
.. "Are -you constipated?" * '
V, "Is , your,- tongue coated r* i
"Do you bloat up after eatlngr*
"Is there constant bad taste in th« meuth?"
Is , the ; time to b« permanently cured.
Drs. Shores are. curing hundreds every week.
DRS. SH()RES)& SHORES, specialists.
Ksaira* -HisTpinr^building,^723 MARKETst^pin^ia
/Ota(*hQUT^Wteia&yB, 9 *. nvtoni p," ;ra. Evenings, '« to Sj Sundays, » *. ro. to u'noonl
DANGER SIGNALS. li$SS
Aches and Pains Are the Danger
Signals That You Are Sick and
- Need Treatment.
Everybody In California knows of Drs.
Shores and their famous system of treating
CATARRH and CHRONIC DISEASES. . i_
Everybody knows of their remarkable offer
to treat all patients for all diseases until cured
for $5 a month, and furnish all medicine free.
Everybody knows what prompted Drs. Shores
In Introducing such a low rate. To those who
SK^SS? P%V P E Ur T a O Se8 THB t p^BLtg
BEGIN TO-DAY.
THE SUPERIORITY of Drs. Shores* new
treatment ¦ over that of ' imitations. It Is to
PROTECT the sick against a class ©t MEDI-
CAL PRETENDERS, it is .to protect th» suf-
fering . people against men who charge "BIG
FEES'* and In return give nothing.
It Is In all the most remarkable offer ever
presented to chronio sufferers, and thoroughly
places ¦ r>rs. Shores before th» people as great
public benefactors. No doctors have *ver done
as much for sufferers- as have these. popular
specialists. . -
.'-¦ J. H. BOCARDE. I I" — 7.
2137^4 Mission Street. San Francisco, CaL Jr k "~
Head the testimony of J. H. Bocarde. the well-known foreman at
the G. M. Kutz Co. Shoe Factory, who has been a^rreat sufferer
from . chronic catarrh for over twenty-five years. Mr. Bocarde says —
'•I Tm a shoe foreman at the G. M. Kutz Co. Shoe Factory, 103 Mis-
sion st.,, and have lived In this city for the past fifteen years. lta\e
S» p«t sufferer from CHRONIC CATARRH FOR OVER
TWENTY-FIVE YEARS. Curlngr all that time I have tried a great
many so-called 'CATARRH • CURESV and^ treatments, but none of
them did me any good. When I came to Drs. Shores & Shores two
months. a*o, I had almost despaired of ever i Bettlnngr well. I HAD
SUFFERED SO LONG. MY CATARRH BOTHERED ME ALL THE
TIME~MY NOSE WOULD DISCHARGE. AND TCB OAXHERINO
IN MY THROAT MADE ME HAWK AND SPIT CONTINUALLY
todear my throat. The constant HAWKING made my throat SORE,
and It would PAIN me. It bothered me so much. It fw^tly --EX-
HAUSTED me. The mucus would collect In my throat all night ana
Surf ere with my SLEEP. This FOUL DISCHARGE from the throat
gradually affected, my STOMACH AND LIVER. I would BLOAT
UP after eating and my KIDNEYS were also affected. This was my
condition when I came, to Dr.. Shores TWO MONTHS AGO. DRS.
SHORES' TREATMENT AND MEDICINES HELPED ME FROM
THE START. I can SLEEP good now. the DROPPING In my throat
and the constant desire to HAWK AND SPIT and SORENESS of the
th^NO MORE BLOAT ING. In 1 the stomach.^ My liver and kidneys
B ' re "I)RS r 'siiORES* e TRE O ATMENT eV HAS DONE WONDERS FOR
ME AND I TAKE PLEASURE - IN • RECOMMENDING DRS.
SHORES* TREATMENT TO ALL SUFFERERS.
v "(Signed) J.H. BOCARDE, 2137% Mission it., San Francisco, Cal."
No one is deprived of ¦ the benefits of Dps.
Shores' treatment because of livir.i at a dis-
tance from tha of flee* Tha same ¦ wonderful
and uniform success attending the treatment of
Drs. Shores in their office is found in their
HOME TREATMENT . OF* PATIENTS BY
MAIL, By the ua* of a symptom blank they
are able to diagnose cases and prescribe for
them, and by their reports keep a close watch
upon them. Patients . living in the country
may er. Joy the benefit of Dra." Shares' skill as
well as thosa In tha city. •¦WRITE FOR SYMP-
TOM BLANK and have your case diagnosed.
IT WILL COST. YOU NOTHING. .The charges
for home treatment are $5 a month, all medi-
cine*, free. - including all Instruments and Ap-
pliances. '-in'SksBBaMBMBMKSMBrV
• CONSULTATION , FREB TO *»-*-, .
tS*8u ' ' %
In treating with Drs. Shore* *>u know Just
what you have to pay. Drs. . Shores do not
charge *5 for Catarrh and *20 for Kidney Dis-
ease or other trouble. They will treat you for
all your ailments, no matter how many, for
$3 per- month, all medicines Included. Now
understand, |3 a month Is an you have to pay
for expert treatment.
HOME TREATMENT.
ONE PRICE FOB ALL.
Shores for Five Dollars a Month,
Medicine Free.
The test medical skill In the world Is given
by Drs. Shores for |3 a month. Out of ten
patients, nine will tell I>r8. Shores that they
have sained more good results la one week un-
der their treatment than years under the car*
of other . doctors, and paid not leas than £0 a
month. Drs. Shores will euro you for IS a
month and tarnish yea free with all necessary
medicine to ' effect a : speedy and permanent
core. ,
CATARRHA1, AND CHRONIC DISEASE
SUFFERERS, DO NOT DELAY. APPLT AT
ONCE. FOR POSITIVELY THIS "WILL BH
THE LAST MONTH OF THIS EXTREMELY
LOW KATE.
Known to Science Is Given by Srs.
To all Datlenta who apply AT OXCE. W»
matter what COMP1.ICATIOK of troubles you
mar have, all the money you seed Is S3. This
pay* for one month's treatment or until cured,
and tnclndes medical talent. Instruments, care,
attention and everything necessary to effect a
¦peedy and permanent core.
Don't wait until the last day. ONXT SIX
DATS REMAIN. If you are left you hav*
tort the opportunity of a lifetime. .
TILK BEST TFTTAT r M HNT 1
"hkrt; it is.
"After s. few days* treatment with Drs. Shores A Shores, nearly 1
years ego. my nose continues dear and doesn't bleed any, th*
sores disappeared and my stomach feels 'all right. I can say that
Drs. Shores* new treatment .works wonders In all Cstarrhal cases and
their cures are permanent. -,
"(Signed) . . j . Pitman LEPERS. ,
. \ '. i Li-' 1 "tm Thirtjvf earth it. Dearer.** ,
TJFTEEK TEAKS A Mil wif*'.K.Tm.
From Catarrh of tha nose, ' throat and stomach. Read . tS* remits
that Drs. Shores' new treatment brine to Ions: rtandlng
cases. Only a Iw days* treatment demonstrates th* fausc H» wu
cured over a year a*o.
Peter Lepere. a well-known tramway conductor, has th* follow-
ing to say about Drs. Shores' new treatment: ¦,
"I suffered fifteen years with catarrh of tfc» head, throat sad
stomach. My nose stopped as, and scabs would form on th* eating*
sores in my nose, which kept It bleeding most of th* time. I would
hawk and spit, and the mucus sticking to my throat would ra* m«
dreadfully, especially In the morning. My appetite was poor, and my.
stomach would pain me after eatlns.
PETER T.KPERB.
1113 Thirty-fourth Btrwt. „
WE TEEA.T AND.CUEE
Catarrh- and Stomach Troubles, Nervous
Diseases, Kidney Diseases, Bladder Trou-
bles, Heart Disease, Diseases of the Stom-
ach and Bowels. Piles. Fistula and Rectal
Diseases, Female Complaints. Diseases of
Women and Children. Rickets, Spinal
Troubles, Skin Diseases. Deafness, Asth-
ma, Bronchial and Lune Troubles, Con-
sumption in the First Stages. Rheuma.-
¦ tlsm. Hay Fever, Neuralgia. Hysteria.
Eye and Ear Diseases. Goitre or Big
Neck, La Grippe, tost Manhood, etc.
Blood Diseases, Private Diseases, Scrofula,
all form* of Nervous and Chronic Dis-
eases.
Consultation Free All This Week.
Hundreds have already taken advantage of the offer. Dts. Shores said that ALL who applied during June with Deaf-
ness. Catarrh or a£y ChronicDiselse, no- matter how COMPLICATED would be treated mul «redtor tfie low fee of£ a
month, all medicines included free. DRS. SHORES KEEP THEIR_ WORD, but as this Is the LAST WEEK of the time fixed
fc by Drs Shores for the offer to close, Drs. k
Shores now especially WARN ALL THAT
' "=->»»: AS SURE AS YOU READ THESE
XS^^^lP^V LINES. JUST SO SURE WILL ™? D p . J^^^^^^^^^s,
£%0^^ CINES FREE, BE WITHDRAWN Sat-
jA -»^ gb s \tl " ' tor this special offer will hold good every . . jHB^
«^ V&S^B^s* %vy\\ Come to-day, ' come Monday, come any iriZL*_
vfi^--^*^' Sv ? > " % *'.' ' iff/ • Consultation and Examination Frt« . (($/ft&£j&§& '^^S^ f |P>
W i&^.\v •'-¦¦ '? I All This Week for Any Disease. Ym!//.'^%% e ¦*%£ Ml
In which to Take Advantage of Drs. Shores & Shores' Notable Offer to Treat All Who Ap-
. plied During -June With Catarrh or Any Complicated Nervous or Chronic Disease Until
Cured for the One Low Fee of $5 a Month. No Other Charge or Expense in Any Case,
All Medicines, Care and Attention Furnished Absolutely Free to Demonstrate to the Public
Once and For All That the Drs. Shores' Treatment Is Superior to All Others. .
(MONDAY, TUESDAY, WEDNESDAY, THURSDAY, FRIDAY AND SATURDAY)
JUST 6 DAYS REMAIN
¦f&JBh* I Of Ladles' Tan Shoes,
\*(!>*3S& A One of th e most re-
\VV*i5a^ft markable of the
L \^-iJfii/jSffk niany astonishing- of-
' V- \i^i«\S« ter * we have m » d e
C A». V^VIVCicEk to tne People- of Cal-
* V-JSftOiir^sa Jfomla. Our ability
T - - vS^7«.\S3l to buy ehoes in larire
\ quantities, in con-
* 1. junction . with the
%.*/L \ " mnl ense . patronage
'¦I) I \ \ ' w * enJoy. enabifis
%.— - » ¦ us to sell at
• . ' ,A , prices that
titdaCtS /€&\ simply startle
' l\« l *'"-' l - w Xfe A ' competitors
3-rom ¦ \ ladi K3'
f£« y T EST^
LACE SHOES, cola ¦^^Lrfj^l-
toes. straight tips, \ s 4^ > \/Ax > J.
¦he«l fuzinc, regular wi l -\\t'
heelx and flexible \* *•¦*/ \*
soles; eires. 2% to 1 , \l : LV -Vcl
""'idtn*. A xo K.- He- » Fy Yt
<1nc»~1 from JJ.SO to IF kf , A"
9 91.CS a pair. It If •;.--. \
I^ADIKS' CHOCO- It/4 F
T.ATW VICIKID n&f: /
SHOES, npvr coin ¦ iHLt - - /
toes, straight tips, aS?i ; " £
heel loxins. . r^gTilar - ftr&Jf. f J
*i*>els and flexible - «3/' - P >f
sizes. *'i to 8.-. &r*!i ¦-. f/l
v.-iathfc. a to n. Re-.fi$/; \saj£\s
<3uced from-?2.50 to c^t : Jr/r~^
%\AV* a pair. '£r*&? I -•
LADTK55' TRAMP-/* 18^ I 4Li(t\
as adv»rtt»wd / _ A . *«rT
we again of- / \0T' •YS&'* ¥
fer at the r«»- / jyr r rO m '
AvetA price of / ¦ -^*&r -J <"> 52.
82.10. R^luet-d t-T-!^*r +>*••
from * *p3 .0( i .
? PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO.
} 10 THIRD ST.ySanlTancbcaeMANY TOURISTS
VISIT GERMANY
Berlin.
Kiel "Week Festivities
Draw Thousands to
Emperor William Protests
Yacht Race, but With- .
out Avail
BERLIN, j June 22 This has been a 1
week of speeches and regattas, favored
during the last half by fine, sunny
weather. It began with the unveiling of \
the Bismarck memorial in front of the j
Reichstag building Sunday, which drew i
to Berlin thousands of people from every '<
part of Germany and many thousand for- <
dgners, including many American tour- ;
lstx Count voa Billow's oration on that ¦
occasion greatly surprised the Emperor, ;
because the whole tona differed from his :
Majesty's conception of Bismarck's :
a.chitfvements, in which the Emperor only •
saw a servant doing his master's bidding. ;
This his Majesty emphasized at the time .
by the Inscription on the wreath deposit- j
ed at the foot of the statue. It read: "Tor •
the Great Emperor's Great Servant."
The Liberal press thinks it impossible to
grant the AgTarian demands, which
mean that the renewal of the commercial
treaties will be rendered most difficult.
The Agrarian press has denied this cau
tiously and the Conservative press has ¦
kept eilent. The whole press was agree
ably affected by the Emperor's statement -
that peace Is now secured for a number of
years to come.
The Cologne Volks Zeltung to-day criti
cally reviews his Majesty's Cuxhaven
cpeech and says:
The Emperor has by his words corroborated
what is claimed by the Center, namely, that the
China expedition has been a total failure, for
If the Chinese war is . really ended, what has
Germany achieved by it? Not even the reim
bursements of her actual outlay and certainly
sot the enlaxgerftent of her Chinese possessions;
ncr has it brought harmony among the powers
In China. It is notorious that there have been
almost constant wrangling and jealousies
among: them. It would have been better If %
Germany had alone punished China for Baron
von Ketteler's death. No power could have
«tjected and the punishment would then have
teen adequate to the enormity of the crime.
The Emperor, who personally steered
the Empress' yacht, the Iduna, in the race
Trlday, came In fourth, losing a prize.
His Majesty entered a protest against the
winner, the Comet, but the Judges decided
against him.
Among the foreign ships which have ar
rived in Kiel harbor for the occasion is
the Russian armored cruiser Svietlana,
commanded by the Grand Duke Alexis, to
¦whom the Emperor showed special atten- j
tions.
The German press has not commented
tin the Washington red book's statement
regarding the Spanish-American war and
Germany's non-declaration of neutrality.
It Is said that Germany's action in not
instituting a declaration of neutrality has
been simply in accordance with German
policy, established since Bismarck's time,
and did not have any unfriendly mean-
Ing, either toward the United States or
Spain.
Germany has now secured twenty-two
steamers for the transportation home of
her troops in China, winding up August
SI from Shanghai with the Princess Irene.
It is significant that the entire German
press is discussing the chances of Dr.
von Siemens, director of the Deutsche
Bank, and • Herr Ballin, director of the
Hamburg- American line, both of them
outspoken Liberals, entering the Cabinet
at the Emperor's wish. The Vossische
Zeitung, Independent • Liberal, says
neither of them can afford It, as it would
mean degradation from their exalted po
eition as "royal merchants" to compara
tive official insignificance.
After yesterday's large pro-Bismarck
demonstration at Friedrlchsruhe those
who took part in It wired to Henry La
bouchere: "God bless all honest English
men who champion the Justice and utith
of the Boer cause." V
The affairs of Camp Reverie are tn the
hands of an energetic and capable man
agement and the success of the camp and
satisfaction to guests Is assured beyond
- question.
The fare for the round trip Is only $2 50,
eo It Is easy to run up for a day and in
vestigate. The railroad schedule allows
at the camp on week days three hours and
titty, minutes and on Sundays four hours
end forty minutes.
The office of the Camp Reverie Associa
tion Is located at. 81 Flood building, San
Francisco, where full particulars can be
had. Booklets containing complete infor
mation may also be had at all offices of
the California Northwestern Railway.
A special feature will be a regular morn-
Ing programme, consisting of addresses
by well known speakers on various sub
jects of public interest, besides musical
and other forms of entertainment In the
evenings. -..• : . v,;
It is practically a hotel, or more strictly
speaking, a city under canvas, and yet en
tirely different from the ordinary hotel or
camp found in various parts of the State.
Tents, furnished and unfurnished, are
rented at very reasonable rates and meals
prepared with the most extreme care and
. by the best available talent will be sup
plied at a price satisfactory to the most
economical.
demonstrate a happy combination of the
provision of nature and the efforts of man.
Camp Reverie is situated in one of the
most picturesque sections of the State,
among the Russian River redwoods, and I
Is reached by the line of the California
Northwestern Railway, being only three
and a quarter hours' ride from San Fran
cisco.
To glance at the summer resort page
of the dally papers, it would eeem no dif
ficult task to flnd a suitable place — in
¦which to spend a vacation, yet the very
fact that California has so much to of
fer, both In number and variety, makes
It extremely difficult to make a selection.
Among the vast array of seaside and/
mountain resorts, however, there is none
that stands so distinctly alone as regards
Inducements that appeal to the general
public as Camp Reverie.
Unique In plan and thoroughly complete
In detail. Camp Reverie is bound to leap
. into popular favor.
Although In its first year, and the sea
son just opened, the results already
CAMP REVERIE
A "Tent City With. No Household
THE SAN FRANCISGO^OALL, SUNDAY, JTTNE • 23, 1901.
17
. THE EMPOBIXm. , j i THE^ EMPORrCM. X| '-'• ¦_ - -V THE -EMPOBIXTM. ¦"''¦¦'^'^Xy^'i?^^ !¦ THE EMPOBITJM.
I Embroideries, MuslmSale. *f||E F^OREISil ""olaa?* 0 ' 'i^'&'£»L
I Hzlf Price. ''SS^i-'V^'? ¦¦¦»"*^ f l£ii?^SSIi™-WliI ""-^ViSS^Bi
?. ,.^_— On^cUu-e Mon- ,.„«,_ lo . m0rrow :.....".... »C M H™ iklB*! r ¦^'Ifi Monday snd all this week Tampi *¦*'¦¦' 'V°V&^t j*-
* j div onlv a verv '.. • IBBW w^ >^^ ¦ fl ¦» «Mnsk^ M ' <tf9i> __!_ J__ ¦*- ¦¦**¦'¦ "*il_ !-^ 'T*'^HI' «• • « <«f» >t< painted irunK,- 1 _j ' yp '>«¦»««
% '^~y^ & ) finequairl-oNain- Smal lot of our 9 c blrarhH ? ard r wi!e camVric JP* BIlUB^ H&AZ2l.2m "™ Smokers, 8 lor 25c; made in Tampa, w th two travs, g^SB^^i^pii
V gfc^S, W^iM^S soo'* and Cambric for W K and children's unierweir, ¦-:£ - - f .cf^rj^.A.c , ADnPQT.iAMFPI^AS ORANDE^ Fxri •a.^oae ofthe be^t- cigar va'.u= ev.r to ? tray fu 1 <ov- C4U
*! 2 W^' ) vi Edgings and Ins.r- itc, speiiil to-morrow only, per yari # 2 C CALIrUkNIA b UAKUbbl— A/TlCKl^A UKA^UMI J>lUKt offered ;n this city. eri', wi:h com- [| I
*' j^^&^&^S " f°n S ; not a co'm- ' " " ~ : " 1 ? ~ .'.''¦ ... ' ' ~ — ' part nei t tcr hit, ,,^ |)W
s l^^^^^ n %. §§ m &Mmm©rfi<Bid & Go.'s Entire Stock of r^t^f^.o^p,,;
* but a"l fir-t qui'.ity em-roideri s, in the nk:st . : . : ' • ' ., :' . " N . -£^- arcund body, long strap hinges, Exceslor lock
$ ttf^Jg^Xfls: M©m's sand Boys' Suits and Overcoats " ,.,:: . itK"Sr-i. : .*.;«
* one price .-.**. <aur<Ur -¦ ¦ ¦*-".--. i ..*;-.---.^^- . ¦ '. ¦¦ :> ¦ -' ;-¦¦-¦¦ ¦¦ ¦-, .. •¦ . ¦. ::'¦'.':¦ 30 inches, regu'ar J7.35, cut to...$S 1 '*
** ¦•• ' 5»# GS7** ms* -the* ng*Btsn+ ¦ , ; 3^^,,;^^ )8.co,c,tto.. 55.55
S f5s)mir*e»3l<3 S*neS • %* M G &BW SOlU nJUBl€*ErM .. : 34 inches, regular |3.75, cut to. $7:45
I I Photo Supplies* *H. Summerfieid & Co., 113 Sansome. street, manufac urers of Men's, B^ysV and Children's C'othing, have 38 inches,regu:ar$io.c<), tut to.. 53.4 j
|5 Everything thatth^amatjur or professional ranked. among the- best maRefs in ihe West. They are row retiring from tusiness,and;preferring torn : q v . ¦¦> »
£ p a^n^ond : no-r " le b ° ur Cimira ° e: sacrifice in order to sell t heir stock- as a' whoe ins^eari of littie lot^^have accepted our much- belou;-value __ ' ,§i^^vS tr
J par ET$tma B c "Kcd £ k$ r are the idea' cameras to offer of '^c.on the dollahof their wholesale price?. Beginning Monday, ;at 8a. m.. the.big: store will offer ay a %.JZ^u!Hlt
$ * his suprricr, clean, up-to-da-estockdf Men^sJan^BDysrlC^i^iSg^a^ cuhTg-, made
J • ietunibrf-«de*veVng? We have them -from H MM FIBS. . ~';V:^v "\ ,.:•" /:¦•-¦ ' ; .•; •' . - : ; ¦ '~- . -" . :.';. -^i/TlPlfff^l'^g^ in imitatioa of^i-
S the "B"^"« 8oc . tot . he nio,t expensire , OT-— _ p c M , $1O.CO Sack Suits— AU-th^ycar-rbund'wcigHts; i/Vn'F° r Vcstce;Suits; Worth $350— This lot cer:a;nlyde- AfS&± fock'anS' caches,
ft" CartrVge Kodaks, and we give iu:l .nstructions i W'j . . . . ,-, ¦ ' . . °, .' I fllLI ¦ -••¦¦¦ .- — . r ¦ , i , i V . M • iQsS "'fOr »V r v' j -»k
2° in regard to their opeiarion and how tj do jour i I *\ in Cheviots and C?s miens, in nobby mixtures; a so pain I lllC serves tne attention of evc/y mother who has a boy from J to . S^W^^\. iop: / Lnenh . .'
* own developing and printing. It", however, you *^^> I O/ bue j ni black. These suits arevvell made, every detail I 5 \,years '-OfiOge that needs a new school or vacation suit. n ' > VHT^ pocket uuide.
Jf are in a hurry, let us do your developing and . carcfu'ly carried cut; eith:r rcund or ; 'square cut- sack -'V'B.- > f .V/v -They- afe^^rnadc- of ; good serviceable Cassirneres, in blue ; and 10 inches, 75c mt, cut to '%Z,°
i 0^^ / coats, with - deep Freneh facing, superior . trimnrng-in ; I = . .'^X .^"^ vests of; sarne, material as balance, of suit;
*f _ T , - r- - r ¦ / • fact a good all around business suit worth Sio.oo, for '¦ML : . : -Summerneld , who esaled them -for ; $2^50 — and we ask on y 1^ inches." *i. 00 size, cut tj v 78a
g Free dark room for use of ; WS&tfr^^ ' -• - V - ' ¦ |i.9«- s ' v , . , -i - 4 i««t«; |..iosiz C ; cut *>:: :::;:; !s7o
$ our customers. Men's Stylish Suits -Fire Worsteds, ;-c\ -'- _ . ¦ : : i : "• " Men's Stylish- Dress Trousers— Made X 5 inches, |i.i S &,•¦ cut to. .92o
* -¦ • ¦ ¦ ¦¦----:,, .. - -i\- .-¦ ,, , ,. , „ _, , , ':"- ' '¦•¦" . ' ¦- ¦¦¦> ¦ r c ixr ' j j 1 6 inches, *i. it size, cut to QoO
*C - ~ r \" ¦ ¦ . blue and black Series, Tweeds and . jp*. . ¦ '¦ . <B^- ...... v . - ¦ . . of fine "Worsteds, in p easing and ¦ j^^ #, -^ e cut to $1OS
jf LSMtlitiS.* Ol* JVJGti^S • Cheviot Suitings, plain effects -and T*i J^v ' ¦ V^\ a '•' ~*' ¦ <few -," ' -" dre'sv efffc;s, perfect in every detail,. . . : : —^.
| shienTBows wo, . -/A^^KflMil^fc Sri* 5 : $2.55 $1.35 Blankets
* 85 dozen of this jt^ g^- popu'ar military shoulders, the best '¦' yj ] 1 t^'(v^) j" ?^ -i %^HfHl^^ '•^f^^^^'lBi^t V H^^ : '" ~ V SSO
J. season's most j^^-^^V of lininss and finishings, perfectly V r^ WW ]-&• WWnT^m W&^%mk ¦ - . A^ ' ' .' M «'S Fancy • Vests— Sizes 3 3 to 40 \ ,
w^ktS f T^T tailored suits; ft thf lowest JImTB P TT gEPX^Up- 15^ ? '? 'tJh^^^eT'warL^o^!
Bows- like pic-/ CsJLM^-H P r!cCS suchsuits h ave ever been Hr / / fflLMi jS^wSPBl ff P5+ "F\ Tt^^VJS&P* ' handsome patterns of Shks and vel- good for summer use as extra covering, and at
J turi;' fancy silks Pf3&~flfS* \ offered in this OC // /^ lk'?MT^' *1BB r"M ' /IB ''¦''-\'"\V 'TT^''*--' ; '\V '^J^W^ ' ' "' "•': ours 5" : ™rtK easily: and *5,OO to-day's special price they are; better and
«( y in choice ' co'.or- I V?*>f^3r-& /Ms* ci V " 2fo &£ n 2MB JTj& // I WVc \/^ J^Itifel I _Jf \| II ¦' " -U 7/ H .--^ r each', the sale £Sf% . 4f%4Tb cheaper than com orters, regu- 0% g% 0%
J ings, r-fuarly Y ' ' ' - g f^-m^Jj« U M^ S • \ "Hrf rit^" : price. ....... larly J 1.3 5 per pair, to-morrow.. OOf?
jf 25c each; Mjnday only «m Men's Finest Suits — The kinds which [j J'^fr^^" ' I ff^ (I |[ II - '.]| I/^E". - " "v\** *'*' '^^"- /: "~" ' " — ~~ — ~" -
,Jf ,•¦•»•¦ • ***** if bought in the regular way would <U"^ B> ' '• " ra^^^ ; J4\#^' : '^W^ ' Boys' Vestee Svits— Sizes /or j . /o 5 THlS Oak Bath
$ Uai- mocne IRn ' **? tO S ° ld ?¦ $2 ° CiC^r^r° T : • »>¦ •'' ' • ' '^ ' * : ! ' on/j/,,made of handsome all- Ttlb Seat B8C.
K 3L taS P S ' y C ' ¦ s c tc . d ?» Pl 5 ucs ' Serges and Oxford .,. JL , ,. ,. L1 . M . • - : : " : ., '- : - wcol .Ca.Mmeres and Cheviots, also Made of oak, wkh extension rest,, adjustable
*I /^S^-^T^*^ -; • „• r Suiting, in all of the latest colorings, also blue and black, stvlishly designed, blue Serges, vests of same material -or Fancy Silk Vest : ngs, as preferred, well to fit any tub, eith-r porce:a ; n or zinc lined,
tt J^/^^^XN t hVdupt^esh'rt best maVc; could not be wholesa'cd'at the big s'ore's d*ff jS.SS made, perfect fitting; good wearing $5.00 suits, during <3^ J^ := g^~^ > h »»
$ %/^T^N 1 ha5r in ba:k> fincy fp:dal PHCC •••¦' " " ' ' ••'¦••'• ' •'•¦•'¦¦• * " '•:•••• Y* • »^*^ this sale.-.":; ... ]. .~. . . !. . .'...: .-. . . .... ... .V. . . 4>«#«TTfi /%0^ fnd"to' prT-
S *h£j$<^<r ei lT e ' C v - reaths Men's Hijh-Grade Overcoats— English Whipcord, Coverts and Oxfords, an ex- n , V -i v » tv/t j xi n' ' 1 u- • • ¦ ' 'L r ¦ JKW& Tent the
$ wht^toL^and optional selection of, fine^overcoating .; latest fashion collars of same mate-ia's f,:*** Svitr-Made fron^al^wool bue Cheviots m rF ro F e^eights^ Ml^ M\ maxring at
* - wn>IC " onc * n r 11 1 * 1: j-.u .1. u » r t v n\ .u - vk^^- — fall; the color is a last in: igo-b.ue, the suits braiaed with '^^ A 4£r^9 //7 W^S^^^^y-^V/S the tub — this
- J only at the very special pnee each Thrcc-Picce SvitS- Szes for I o to 1 5 years of age, materials all-wool Boys' Long Pants SvilS-AH-wcol CheVots^ ahdras-imeres, either round or '^ 38O
|f n *%**£^t IZzaSat nf Cheviot and "Cassimeres, in blues and iancy mixtures, doub'e and single square cut coats, in dark brewn and fancy-muctures,- sizes for boys 12 to 19 • • _,
, +}p&CI<MB &SB*2 UM breasted vests, man-iashioned styles; regular'y worth . years of age; nicely trimmed, well-made suit worth |6. 00 - &2 *9 QiC$ HOUSG GlGSMSnt]
i S Tapestrjf POrtierCSm \ - Summerfield's sale price. . .'. . . .'. .... . . . . . ._ *p"V"m4Sm £ that the^^^ Summerfield's. purchase 'enables us to sell. at ';.'.. •H^O'^wO TlKlO
1 * Three small lots of good Tapes:ry Portieres, . Z ' ' ' ' ' " ' : - ' ' "" ' : '' : ''' . ' "¦; " ¦ ¦-''¦-¦--: / ¦' '»•¦¦- - v ¦¦ - ' •¦ •-¦-'- - : _^^ •'-*¦- *' *V r ' , , ., , ,,
'¦ h a 5 to 35 pairs b each lot-to be coied out fiV^tf^ 00*^^9^ -* M -g £»_.. M S #m# MMM IB^ -i JBiT^ — 9 ~* Cmmm£s~US±mmm~. A c can house and soiled . cr sadly
• J. Monday to make room fcr new, cempete lines &SB$G Of tiWlGt} S cSfMGi OO^S GiOSit^Up IMf Gil S #V UfTniSnlttifS worn wall paper do not harmonize well
: $ eTcnlot^arJr^ S#/// jS^/f Hafe In conJ«^ion with the Summer Odd Clo^n 8 Sale we make reductions o! «^> c^ ch \ wall paper
! Jf *V"9 &**¥* !*&¥&. o^qu^teiVjbh^^OM-liall^^^ can be bought as cheap as the Big Stcrc
• V only- Nearly 1500 Hats cut to about half rejvlar prices - commencing Monday tinued lines ol Men's and Boys',^vmmer Haberdashery. That Ihe avcrafle s« s it at all nmes, and is extraordma-
I J $i-75 Portieres. .. .^/» 3 7 and until cl;smji time next Saturday ni^ht. While you arc buying a Sum- prfecs arc about half what you'd expect to pay- is a bit ol good fortune that r "y cheap as we offer it this week.
J J Portieres.. .. 3.88 mcrlicld Suit at a trifle more than hall Us value, why not jet a good hat on should bs all the more jrclcpme to you. ¦'y^&^X^-- ' V: Banks— /i^\2r//A ~~—JP
i S' J JS3- 2 5 Portieres.'... 2,79 the same terms ? Mtn's Suspenders— A. variety o? webs, both kid ani si kend»,^^ TxanrjfO £&^^^ffi^^W/
\ ?C ; T-» - . . Lot 1 — 1 6o Fedoras, brown and pear", regu'arly g*g% - values up to 50c, tale" price ;.. .. '. ..;........:../. .'.~.\.'. . Zm&G ]^= TT%* = Z<\ to '« O .^fZ' iki^'ir^V^
'5 AmnPPfPe RflnntlaV. S V*' |i. 3 s, cutto.. :.•........- WC Men's Negligee Shirt«-Good quaity cf chevio's, in neat >«V«B)W_ i|l]^ i'iik^ ™n ¦ ' ' 4!^ W^** %
1 5 *X* *Mm&M M**i* inviiMHji I =^^^^k fl' " •• " ' ' . i.. reduced nom5oc to. ..........*.; .-. . \ .. , v . .. ':". . . .";".... *»m*V \tf\h g^i/TsI o™i/-t /%i/i /A J t74''
¦ *I Kitchen Soap — Emporium Saron, the red / ==gg||il // Lot 2— 275'Stiff and Fjc'ora Hats; the Stiff Hats in brown,- Boys* Negligee Shifts — Soft finish che^ots, in nobby plaid pat- oo tjj V | Good Gilts — %Jy\^ -£<i/\ / H.
* A wrapper, large bars, Monday only, if// b';c!c and contrasts; th: Fedoras pearl color; regularly terns, reduced from 50c to. . .-. .;..V:. .... .'.'.":. V.7. ..... Sc^jG [«• N^^> ¦ I l m yi£$S*±ZllS { 'f//iff
: J» 7 for *«C S2.35 and J2.45 each, cutto... tff Wash Bat TieSrr-Cheviot and Madras, in all the ht:st patterns, _ [fi, \ I J'° to . //W'^^V J '^ f 2>
' £ Pink Beans-best quality, 10 lbs 25c • .^ • - - 1 : . • • '.'• • • '. ?.'.??;: .^..... 9* *** regu'arlr i for a S c, a'e price, each; .....;. „. . .- . . :•:.¦. .. OC j!; Jg^ jl ISO P«- #X/\\s5fr7 /v^k!
:t Ghirardelii's Ground Chocolate-Hb. tins.. '////!/ \ Lot 3-i 4 o bUck Sfff Hats, Fedcra and Golf shapes, Men's Initial Handkerchiefs-The i S c kind, made of j ip a,ot, - « e # ,j £' '*ffi\ \ W, 1] f:jjj&>
1 X 1 ; 2SO I' /M RISilMl in H, black and m-xtT!re»; icgularly . ' m jm mm M "V^'iV * A " • V * V "2 " ;' V ' v'i : * "V ; * ll'i! (jK/ V , : Grade 7/s AI tX^^^L
% ' - ,. . t. t w . ,- '///>^ i ***z*&2$l' «, , ' . , Sf,47 Mens Walking Canes— 138 on y, made of se.ected Congo, si ver V''- flCT V** V V¥/ l-j\ Vi^-iT
5 Sapalio— genuine Enoch Morgan's, 4 for.... mW^Z. ¦ $2.35, cut to... .... ..-.A .....;,.... mounted.rach/. . . .V .'. .. V . •. V...';; ? '..... uS 1 GlltJ - ' \^^ ¦
J • ¦ 25 ° JLlM^^£W///yf'/Z'' Lot 4—260 b!ack and: brown Stiff Hats, John B. Stet- Men's Colored Shirk— Made' .tf'jwJii' 'and best Percales, in • '- 1^ I# * ~ V#V Frora ~^
K Salt— R. S. V. P., 15c 3 po«nd packages, (^^^^^agh^^^ son's and Roelofs make; regular y $3.35 q a sty'.ish patterns, stiff, bosoms, separa'e cuffs, 1 were Ji.oa an<1^^^ t- If K'K 12)zC to S£7C P« »"ngle roll.
*T Monday tOC S^^^mSOSSSMS^v///X J3.45, $3.50 and J4.00, cut to &ig%J& $1.50, sxes 14 to 17^ only, reduced to. ........" DOC O l V V All the litest designs in tapestries, perpendicular
1 £' Rict-best Carolina H,a J . /.egularly 3 lbs for 7^. I ot 5 _225 Bovs' Straw Sailor Hats in as- Men's Golf Ihirts-Bwt^'ty Japanese Cr:pr,. in neat stripe eN — tf yf . V) stripes, floral designs, washable ti e paptrs,
5 f buy,insteadct3packageslor2 SC ,onMon- Lot 6-195 Men's Crash Hat % Jarg: shape^ regularly 45c an 1 50c each, cut to o _^ eflfecte », ««« 14 to j i6>i, now ?..,;.; :...... •••••• J , n -"j^^ S< LS B^n2 9 « 3 ™£.
- J» . .' * f . 25c ... • ¦ , - -• SCSG "ens Bilbllggan Underwear — Summir weight, m tan, brown and flesh' co!or, both — _ opaque, extra good, each bUG— w = ouks
, M y»i,4 • •* V ....••••••••• „ tshirtj and 0r4werg) g!xc :i ne broken; % irMtead of 35c per garment, now ......^ ...".. MOC and hang all sires of shades to order. Esd-
r *f § i/frfAKC ntlnwmeisMAW Lot 7— 1°5 Boys* assorted Straw Sailors, regulaVly 45c and 50c each, cut to o - -" M:n's HeavA-.Ribbed Balbrl«an— Shirts and drawers, striped, aUtlzes; regu'arly -__ cnateijit aie for any nurcber. ,
y J LiqUOrS mOnaay. 3lC 5bc'j«g^™^«*»^^ PaJnt-The celebrated John Lucas & C^.*.
3 ft Whifky— Kentucky Bourbon, full quart 75c * - L ,'.. c^ , , , c " c -, „ '¦'¦' ' MenV Heavy-Ribbed iBalbrltff n-Shirts on'.yV nice, Hght tan color, Kits 42, 44; Pants.. .per jaUon 91'5D
; ** bo tes, Monday only B5o Lot 8—90 Boys' Wash Sailor Caps in assorted co'ors, also some Straw Salor H-ts, jm^ reduced from 5 o= to • : '' ,' . 6 _ ' _ 25C Emporium Paint per gallon &f.25
Y *C • Port or Sherry— choice table quality, regularly regn'arly 75c grade, cut to .....:... v . "T^G Men -, S| | k Neckwear— InifeViVls' and Te'ckV; 'reduced" fromVoc* each to.". \ '.*..... ! .' '^ —, A ' so Lui"««» Walton*, Picture Rai's, Kalso-
' 5 $1. so » gaiioa, Monday ......... $1.O5 \A/ fi hnwiiAt nil'w'ws'ifi 'each nf thk'ahtm? Inh huf/jrp ..........:.:.::...,...::::;. ........::: '.:.::.::>....:......:. 3SSO ¦ »™, m«i^ wood stam, Eaaad, pioor
1 5 Gin^- Thome's EngUsh ' Bott3n Z> regu'ar.y § * m ™™ 1 r lSl \ e^ Pa^nt; everyth;n S m fact needed in the deco-
, JJ $1.00, Monday only... 83O SUU fa kaVe the Sltf $011 WaniM SOftie 01 them. , . .p^r,%ae: p rice.^ rafcng of a home.
; I $1.50 Gloves $U8. Carpet Remnant Sate This Week. - A T hou^" iJ^ s
• ? >^^\ .new sroc* of Kid - Our^ i immense carpet trade during the past few months has produced a very. ¦ -^-.^1 £~ f^j^j
1 I 4^§kVu, wolSt otf%r V 1oi large accumulation of short lengths (15 to 6 y yards each)- T^ f HBU 2mU [LeSSm
I J ~ <: ?$ /Ik ~^ -^ ffC ' a y ° n ty*f 6°°^ carpeting in this assortment. To close thes; remnants out at once a further reduction of 25'per: cent ¦ or, mare ha 8 We've Overhauled the Shoe
7 £ I^JjlJZ/aT^ I^^3 t?.,°l c,\Jr* V\A CXnvr in bccn madc on the already very low department store prices.. The sale be»irr> Msndiy' morning and will continue unti Stock and found 21 lines Of «r^\
. /liT 7 '//FT * — J rrcncn vjiacc ivia vjiuvc in . •.. ,_ r %, ; : ' ." .• ; . . • • .-¦•..-.. ,, , j rv > c* t 311"" A
j f « ¦^Jh'P—' — — ' the Big Store that you for- closing time Saturday 'night. *; __ . • , : ,'';:;¦¦..,:;. Alen 5 and DDVS btlOeS OT WLjJj.jjJ
I X (//// mery. paid $1:50 for and Ingrain Carpets — Worth 60c per jard, now... ........._ to match, worth from $t. 25 to $ 1.50 per yard,^ now.-. ..: ' o 'mm which we have but from 10 to" |^ r
s $ W' we' will fit, guarantee and , .......................:....,...... ..:.:......:..............,..,..;..;........;; 9SO 40 ( pairs of a Jine. They arc . broken / HRjV '
1 K afterward keep in repair free of charge any 4*4 «O WHton Velvet Carpets-AU wool, beautiful patterns, worth Tapestry Brussels -Worth 6oc p-r 'yard, now.. ;... "..;.;. , jmgmj^ lots that have accumulated during the i J^Bu
t V pair of th-se fine gloves for ' &&*§%$ $1.45 per yard, now '..&5G •••••> •¦••••.•-;• • •'• i«- ..':.'..;.......... *+UG past two years, un:il the quantity is so AA '^
«f r 7 . "*"" *" " ' *' * " "" • • Axminster Carpets— Persian, Orcntal and Floral effects, with borders Roxbury Tapestry Brussels— Worth $1.00 per yard, now;.. ._ la'ee that an ¦ immedJatc e'earance of -/^ ' \5sff '
- jjr They come m fast black and every popular color. - ,'¦;¦- -^ - . / : ; . A -;' " : •¦'"¦•' . * " ¦* i '--- : -- • ' , OOC i_ - u it j ti t-j
S S ' ¦ i^^k'- t^^l^§®^^l A them must be effected. There are kid
1 J" - ,r v /•'¦¦ '^v--«--. , , i^Sli * " f^^^^^S^^^^ i^WvV ¦¦'¦ 'and Stevenson's manufacture, worth $1.00 per __ . and ca.hkn shoes, both black and tan, IWtX&Jr
6 $ T\tUrtTk flF*i)BCSG f*f*nil«Z vIw-KM IiiiKKM^% iM?f-l/f ¦ yard ' n * w ••"••••••'••-•• ....-...- and aho patent leathers. We have a 1 OjjL.)
» s B WU MJJ W G99 VIUUU9 ¦ MW Wi I : "~- ' jKl^'M Oar pet Ruqs- A large a«sortment of handsome s'zes in the entire lot, but not all sizes in UrS^
- 5" mil '-¦¦¦'» tilt * 11m '8 --==^Ss /f\?i^ ir/^\ . Rugs made up from fine qualities of Axm-nster, Body Brussels „„.; •_. ¦«_- w* /-,« . n ,,1 v fit- «•«„ in 4^SV
1 It BamiainSm JsNg^iiL f^^^^^^^r fl%-#-l «ndTa?e S tryCar P et. . . any one line. e can surely nt you m
i $> ¦*•" «f •¦¦¦¦w.^ .j^Qg-g-^^^ ii^^^^g^J^J) ' ' fl Sre 9x6 feet:. 4J7.OIJ ". Size im8# feer.$/3,745 fome one of the styles. ffip 35 /
, J Untnatch able* values for Monday only* [^^^^^^1 ;j;^^^^^s=>.— -=r-*— ' ggpy^fgrtils\ ¦ s-ze 12x10^ feet.... ..$16 BO .- Lot 1— Men's Veal Calf Lace or Congress <ty\J'
;i 50c All-Wool Cheviot Mixtures 34c Yard— 36 K % f^^S^V^^^ :^^£^fii^ ¦¦•¦-¦ ' 1 -95 Shoes, cut this week qq
s jf three shades 'of gray, two shades of brown, two shades of * 'ill i Sj^^Wt^^^^^^ ¦(¦-'¦¦ !ut Lot 2 ~ Mcn ' s Chocolate Colored Lzce Shoes, that were
- f blue, reseda, castor and cadet, suitable for either street or- .J| \l _. |p^^^ Rft "' * 81 '^MTO ' P"P^, cut this week to. . - . .
e *£ ' outing wear, will give splendid satisfaction; spe- Jl^*-*^ 3 X+y^ I'j ! ,-^^f ¦. \ w \^^jjAjl|*gb^^M^Tii^^i^y •••• • %tP M m M «7
" »?. cial price to-morrow, per yard. ............ ..*9*M'C / * V* 9 " ; -: •-¦ j 4 *" =^^ S i -. . ¦: 1 ]¦ ¦ ' '.; -.*S.,..^y^~si^=- ~.s^^r~^£ ; - ''-¦' Lot 3— -Men's B!ack Calf Lace Shoes,'thac- *>*>
If ¦ '. _ ,. _ . • , . 7*^^ . »' '^^"-. ¦ * £r ~ -..- . : — -^ ... - were $2.4-5» cut this week to. ....... * 9mkbm&
= Jf $L25 Black Panne Chcvlol 73c Yard^o inches wide, . . ; '- ' :^^^^^f|^^^J^ \ Lot;4— Men's Dark Chocolate Colored Lace Shoes, that
j^ splendid qualify and weight, in* a most perfect shade of Ladiis' Dressing Table— Like pic- Three-Piece Bedroom Suite— So!id oak, style : Rococo Couch— Ai Very^^ handsome one, of which the '~ were $3.00 per pair, cut this week to " *%*%
*> briHiant black that wi'l not turn; it is one of the very best ture," either mihogany, go'den as in picture, dresser has French p'ate mirrcr pxture gives but .little more idea than the shape, it is "" $>Mn&2
I makes. we could only secure 500 yards to 7%£*ti'. -Uent; cabinet work, fuU :^^^^^^S^±ii Lot S^BnyS* Tan * Vid ' kid ' and' * Black .Calf Lace
5 sell at this pnee; to-morrow only, per yard.... -m , 8pe cial this • Ttloe at #27.50 ;«ale aaj __ ' IF r:ngs"that are'made, A«O *%f% Shoe;, sizes, 11, to i/regularly $1.85 per fttfi^
J • * .+*+* week....;. iPm9m .'#€•?. pnceth;s.wcek......,^^#»,#:»f :; .... larly; --price .tbn ; week.-.\ ..:^ fC»»€/C5 , pair, cut this week to ...... „ %9&G
x ..-'¦• — ~~~ — : — ; — ~ — ~ J " ~~ — .' .'- ..¦'"."'.""¦¦" - '.,".. — ¦" ¦" - — . \ .'']".. — . -¦ ,.' '-. ¦¦ '.,-.,..-"" '-! " -'-'.'.'...'" ..'..''..''¦¦ .'"";'"- "" .,.'.¦'.' . — : — — — - — ; — : —^— — — — : :
I vacation shoes, Fireworks for the Fourth* Special 'Sale of Famous Books 50c Hose 23c.
% Ladies' Bicycle and TourW Shoes-Back .. - The Big -Store h« every thing in the Hne:^ of Fireworks for homeVcelebra-; Printed^ from large typ^ Ladles' Real Usle Thread and MacoCctton
• J :'-«_^^^5^2aS^^ V .^ d -^ f ht diS P^' C UC * Catal °8 U^^ Ha«-«o dcen choice Impcrtei NWtie*
u % fi^^si hooks, new modern toe, m. desenpuons of assortments and pnees ; for everything, that; you will need- in 5 . r- : . f ; > ; ,-. : h ......•: on sa'e Monday only. They arc tih season**
I* / eSeiSe $3.5 O or Flags fcr the -Glorious Fourth." These catalogues mailed free . - 3SG Ol*3 fnT* JSI.OQ -lat«t importadon, especaUy .uiuble to wear
1 J 1 : * f Ladles* Lace Shoei— Vici Kid,' to any out-of-town address, or can be had on* application to Toy Department, ¦ '"¦' '"¦ ~ ; :^ '.* •• j;^V ¦ : . ' r^ r.-^-.T^ 1 -.-"t^T .. , ™f""" f during a counter Tacation. Not a par of
1 J A C '«•' " • -th kid or dcthtops, patent second floor.;- FiiiWOikvCannOtti.MppedWlVlO^ SSSJHS^\ Vg^tfan- Prince,.: SK The \*~ — T ' -
1 Jtf \ 2 leather tips, medium flexible < eX breSS Of freight atld must be back'd SebaratelV Here are afew Arundel Motto . An ,•->> Jane Eyre '. Self Help the majority - oi them We u uil 50c qua lty;
t J \ :l so i e ' -.- «« • »? fl m »" w P aww S W 8 '^' : ncre "f 1 lewr Attic Phllo.oph« : .,: Emerson's- Enays - Kenllworth ; Sesame and Lilies : come early to-morrow, while lot is . weU
ft \ . Sfm9S pnee hints : . .* : .' ; Bondman. The complete Knight Errant Silence of Dean Malt- -sorted and choos- at (tkt *1
X \ ie <*IWMm999 r M-'M-'f m a AM. «»« AA By Order of the King Fifteen Decisive Bat- Lamplighter. The land -sorted, and cCoos, at Iper « O-f»
* \ '• Ladies' Oxford Ties— White 'V t-XitlOltlOn ASSOrtlttSnt Aj 91mUUm California and Ore- ties, of the World Last Days of Pompeii Sir Gibble pair). Avlr
* I tsO kid new coin toe and kid S 2-Star Candles 3 Pa ck s Fl re -6 Lar g'e .. Pin, 2 4-Jnch Fl o w' e'r JRS. : '?*£,' \ * , S. 1 ™ °' u GI^ le !!i on f ' =^J«rnfc;X)oone. _¦.../.;;¦., sketch? Book.*; The ¦¦-: " ' ' - 1;
•f . I *tST - ?•.-•"•¦ r™ .* r - . 3 3-Star Roman" > Crackers ; Wheels •• ! - Pots .. Child's : History, ol .• From the . Earth ; to . Ujclle • Spy, The
* / /2S. fcps, hand-turned sole, Louis -° Candles - ™ : - . 2 6-Star^LarKe Ro- 6 1-oz Rockets 1 1-oz" T r 1 anele EnKl&nd-Dlekens -th«- Moon .; ¦ ... •• .' . . rMasterman Ready Three Guardsmen.* <m*%1^ »-i^— . -i' J"!-L l^. r - ¦¦
S k/% s*i;75 S^HH°^-^3i^^ HliS^E^'^S^^ i^isS^p^?: 0^-- 12Zc Percales-
ft 'ZTTSw >^v Atv,v e •'-¦ ' -i« /. d, . i ,x,, ers ,,, x , ¦¦¦¦¦'« A?f atchcs « ¦• •¦"'¦- 2 R c?, d * Bengal Countess of Rudol- Heroes . and <: Hero'' i cref." . , . White Company. The . - %9%*O
£ ¦ >- .ftf jflFT i9 d o el P P to1 ¦¦¦ " 1P^- E le c tr »o .- ;i 2Chlne8 ? v..- Volca- <¦ J3ticks-- . v ¦• .tadt ,•.:.:,•-::.-.¦.,.¦..¦•;.: --"wrorihlp.--. -:'..-;.- -«iOllver Twl.f ¦ /' ww tiler's Poems .;;• - r , -.
ft . style.. m wm "Boxes h a p e r, , noes- . . . 1 Meteor. Stick ;• Cranford - .-'¦: <¦. History of a Crime . On the Heights -. -window In Thrums A very fine assortment of our ixj4c yard wid-
i. DJifJl.»(k... r~, m»ch ',„»: r>k;i Caps - 1 P k g. ' P 1 a t o 1 . 3 3-lnch ' Serpents .. Punk and "Wood • Days' of, Bruce , . Holy-Roman Emplr* -^ Pair of -Blue Eyes, A -Wreck -of the Gros- D ' . • ., r u l
. |f Red Kid Uce Shoes— For. Misses and; Chil. 2 Large Volcanoes Cracker« , 2 Grasshoppers . . Case ¦ > . Deemster. ; The Hunchback of Notre > Pathfinder. The ¦'¦:: venor Percaes; in tavy blue, ramet, French bue
» creA, the latest tty e for summer wear, hand- Wehaye #/^u OtllOi* aSSOftmBtltS, packed ready "for delivery, 'contain^ i Don(>van •' v.-'i;' T*'" 1 '-". Dame;^:/' ;. ¦'.-..'. Pride and Prejudice .,- Zenobla . . and black groun 1, figure; and stripes; taerc is
JC tewed sole, fprlng heel ; ; sizes; 5 to. 8 ing 106 to 300 pieces and ranging in price from' -$z to ' fio'per'cas:,'. which ,'are fully described ? r * aJn L Hf, «, :~. *''¦¦¦ :^s; : ~-' ,k*-^.~:\.-^.%~- '\^-*~. not an o d . cr nnde« rank style in the lot, and
I 5- ' ¦ 91 SO;, *% to " «fiO O« in thecata'ogue/c . - -' ¦'c.'- v -- - V ;r' - ' X- y;'- .¦ -- - GcOI^e > Elfors ; WorkS*-New. personal : edmon:of:l 2 volumes/ : ,js»r-s| the .pedal price -for i Monday only Q_^
; If $1-75; 11% to*.... 9~aXO FiPeOPSLOkorS range in price from 1 packs for _£© to $/-©0 per hundred. 7 published at; ;'^I5;OO ;. our ''price ' : ;'^';l m \--;'i\\\^\%- : y^\-i'-.-'- : '--^fWm%9%0 fa but.r......... .'............ ? "irCr
t «f ' ¦"" t ' / ...¦,"¦'....-.:¦ i s #i •. - V ¦ ¦ . , ' ..' ' s •--.-¦/¦ •'¦',• • . ¦'•¦ '•' i ¦<"•¦- ¦''-,•'-. • ¦"-;.¦;?' ,'•'¦ .-¦¦-"'¦ '¦ ' t ' ¦ ' ' ' -• -i
' 3' "0rS6D8Ci\
$t^ in the
*^^^fr\ Sommer .
\Z%%<> IU\!M I s ; Is one of the
\ * viM,-V {^ greatest pleas-
Xj^-r* urcs for women.
\TTj i' Get your riding
'lllj . !j habit of us.
if v /¦ where you •will
Jj »» (If get the very
J\ . tr best In material
(£0, and fashion at
the very least
price. »
Ladies Tailor,
O. 1O. 12 Kearny Street.
- NEW WESTERN' HOTEL.
KEAENT AND -VrASHIICGTON STS.— RB-
modeled and renovated. \ KINO. WARD &
CO. European plan. Rooms, 50c to fl 50 day;
(5 to 18 week; $8 to $29 month. Free baths; hot
and cold water every room: fire grates in every
room; elevator runs an night. 'ONE OF THE CLEVER ACT- -
RESSKS IX THE HENRT MIL
LER COMPANY.
"Kit" changed Miss Eustace's fortune.
She met Irving. He sent her on* the "road
With ''Madame Sans Gene." -She ' scored
so great a triumph that the great . actor
manager arranged for her appearance in
London. But misfortune .again overtook
her. On- her return from -: her triumphal
tour as she was landing from the steamer
at Fleetwood. Miss Eustace slipped and
fell, and the result was a broken leg.^Of
course Miss Eustace's big London engage
ment.was oft. • ¦ ..
Among Jennie Eustace's treasures Is a
wonderful old ring: that \Ellen Terry gave
her. -' It • is ; shaped like the popular mar
quise of to-day. ¦• On- an • enameled ground
is a ; raised "> golden * le^f. ; the u whole set
round with . rose ¦ diamonds.
terlies. It is from the pen of Jennie Eus
tace of Mr. Miller's company. I am told
grim necessity was knocking at the door
when Jennie Eustace wrote that little
story. The talented actress had gone over
to England to tempt fortune in the foggy
metropolis and while waiting for. an en-,
gagement her funds got very low. Tired
and disheartened with knocking at man
agers* doors she thought she would try
the door of a publisher. She wrote "Kit."
sent it to the yellow book and received a
goodl^vcheck in return.
I have just read the most delightful
child's story, that has a half sob and a
half smile between lines, and that unfolds
its simple tale* in a fashion that grips you
by the throat, .makes your eyes blink and
your. pulse go a maddening pace. Tha
name of the tale Is "Kit." It Is published!
in one of the famous yellow book quar-
• • •
MacDowell says he is not yet 40, that ha
is equal to all the heavy legitimate roles
and that In the future he Is going to give
them his undivided attention and magnifi
cent physique!- jY •
., MacDowell. as everybody knows, la a
b'sf man. and a play that would be written
round him must necessarily be a big play.
"I know exactly how I look from tho
front." went on MacDowell. "I'm a tre
mendous man and I must have a tremen
dous play." I am going to play Ingomar,
Vlrginlus, Othello, the Gladiator— all big
parts for a biff man."
; "It Is this way," said the decollete ac
tor to me. "I know that nature has par
ticularly fitted me for the legitimate nn«l
I am not going back on nature. I feel that
I am due. That It is the time for me to
arrive. .. That truth la brought most for
cibly home to me every evening when I
go out in front and feel how I hold my
audiences. The late Fanny Davenpcrt,
Mrs. Melbourne MacDowell, realized that
fact some time ago.. She told me, 'You
are getting too big to be a leading man;
you completely overshadow the star.* At
the time of her. death she was preparing
to have a play written around my phy
sique and to launch me aa a star."
Melbourne MacDowell told me thel
other night that he felt he was- "about
due." That he was studying : the legiti
mate roles and that after the Frawley
Company engagement i at the Grand Op
era-house he was coming back to give us
a sample of his art.
•' • . ».
"Yes," he lisped in the weakest of baby
treble. "I want a sweetheart. A big. big,
lady and very, very fair." ' There is no
disputing the attraction of opposites after
that.
and that, by the way, is not very much.
But little Is known of the parentage of
.these wonderfully tiny bits of humanity.
They were born in India, in the jungle.
Who their father was their manageress
docs not know. She only knows that
they have brothers and sisters that are*
formally proportioned men and women. I
chatted tqr awhile with the. little mite of
a man.
"Is there anything- yon would like," T
asked him. !
Another Californian abroad bringing
fame to the State is Dr. H. J. Stewart,
the organist of Trinity Church, who fs
now giving a series of organ recitals on
the large organ at the Pan-American Ex
position. Dr. Stewart . is one of a very
limited number of organists who have
been invited to play at the exposition, and
his engagement is equally an honor to
the State and tha; musician. ,.'•--:-:
• • •
The following Is a typical programme
of the national musical competitions at
the Pan- American Exposition. It is the
programme arranged (subject to addition
and alteration) for "Welsh Day," which
Is to be celebrated on September 19:
Chief competition — For mixed choirs of not
Jess than 125 nor over 150 voices, "God So
Loved the World" (Sir 3. Stainer). and "We
Kever Will Bow Down" (Handel). First prize.
9800; second prize, $100.
Uale chorus competition — For chorus of not
less than 40 nor over 50 voices, "Sons: of the
Pilgrim" (J. Hayden Morris, Mus. Bac.). First
prise, $150; second prize, J100.
Female chorus competition— For chorus of f<
not less than 30 nor over 3* voices, "Lullaby"'
<Brahms) and "Bridal of the Birds" (Brinley
Richards). First prize, J150; second prise, flOO.
Soprano »olo — "I Know That Mr Redeemer
Uv«>th." Handera "Messiah:" Prize. $25. ¦
Contralto «olo — "He Was ' Despised," Han
del's '.'Messiah." Prize. $25.
' Ttaor solo— "la Native Worth," Haydn's
"Creation." Prise. ITS.
Bass «olo— "Now Heaven in Fullest Glory
Ehown." Haydn's "Creation." Prize. $25.
Correspondence should be addressed to David
Jonefl, secretary, $71 West avenue, Buffalo,
N. T.
• • •
The "Welsh contingent of the United
States is taking deep interest In the affair,
which assures a musical festival of strong
artistic merit. There Is a native institu
tion In Oakland, ; under , the direction
cf that genial . Welshman, D. P.
Hughes, that I think would stand an
excellent chance in the female chorus
competition. I refer to the Hughes Club,
a large chorus that has been studying
faithfully under Mr. Hughes' leadership
for some three years now and from which
I have heard some exceedingly good work.
I don't know that It would be possible to
«xport the club to BuSalp, but I am quite
willing to venture a prophecy as to Its
euccess when it got there. If any. club or
singer among the "Taffies'. 1 of California
Is yearning so to distinguish It or him
self correspondence on the subject should
be addressed to David Jones, . secretary,
CTL Up est avenue, Buffalo', . N. - Y.
- It is to be hoped that at. the American
£lsteddf od the national instrument of
Wales, the harp, will not be neglected,
and, even more important," that, that
unique national anthem; "Taffy Was a
Wicked Welshman," with 'its 'Byronlc
ingenuity of rhyme, will be duly honored.
Some two or three Stfndays ago' the park
programme contained a couple of numbers
that were' rather' unusual' in point of inter
est, being the work of two students in this
city and of exceptional ; merit from , that
standpoint. The . students ¦ aforesaid
there. Little Miss Stencel Is a
Calif ornian girl, well known as a won
der-chlld here through a number of pub
lic performances. She Is about 13 years
of age and for her years has an extraor
dinary repertoire, technique and matur
ity of conception. Miss Stencel left her
native State for Europe some few months
ago. with no. very definite Intentions
either as to study or concert work, but it
Is now decided that she will concertize all
over the Continent during next season. In
the meantime she has-been received with
extraordinary -favor both In Vienna and
Budapest, where ehe appeared on both
occasions with the famous Philharmonic
Orchestra of Vienna.
In November the little Californian pi
anist will make her Berlin debut, with
the Philharmonic Orchestra there, in one
of the many concertos that she already
Includes in her repertoire. She played at
the Austrian court in January last,, and
¦was complimented personally on her'per
formances by the high mightinesses there
present.
• # * .->.-
HUGO MANSFELDT sends me from
Vienna word of the extraordinary
success of his little pupil. Alma
Stencel. who has lately appeared
with the Philharmonic Orchestra
¦ I , never :• had anything fascinate me as
those wonderful pygmies at the'Orpheum
I got the woman who" has 'them' in charge
t° tell me aa much as she knew of them—
-Women are J naturally curious— just 'aa
curious as men. -.And it would not be very
strange -if 'Grace- Elllston* was a-wonder-'
lng. -;
I Miss. Grace Elllston, . the .beauty of the
Henry Miller: company, received her first
love letter, the other day.". I really do not
know what .'authority ; I have to. declare
that that .was sweet Grace's first billet
doux.'buf by.the becoming and astonished
look In her deep eyes and the pretty flush
on , her grounded cheek ' l\. concluded ' not
many scented notes come to the fetching
ingenue^-by the way, of the stage door. It
was a most decorous i note, written in a
good; forcible; hand, i on vpaper that be
tokenedthe gentleman, and told in sincere
fashion ] and in a 'very few words of the
writer's, admiration for, "the pretty girl
The leher was ,; not signed: It contained
no request to meet - the sweet 4 miss to
whom it was addressed : and, to cap the
climax- of , unusual things, It concluded
with a paragraph that told how the writer
had followed the actress from the stage
door to her hotel; how. he "noticed that her
figure was trim and-that'she was dressed
in black and ; that she glanced neither to
the right nor left,', but looked straight
ahead. "And that was all.. ' ;
Blanche Is wearing her pretty brown
hair brushed smoothly back and done up
in a glossy little pigtail that Is doubled
up and tied at the nape of the neck with
a pert little black ribbon bow. This style
of halrdressing.I am afraid will not be
come as popular as It -certainly must bo
stylish. .'.Unfortunately' It is not every
face that can stand this severe fashion
ofhairdressing, that carries one back
to the days when knights were brave and
knights were bold. : - "However,; phllo
'sophical reflections should not be in my
line. All I. should ; concern myself about
Is that this latest style, or coming" style,
Is immensely becoming to Blanche Bates!
I saw Blanche Bates at the Columbia
Theater on Monday evening. Her hair
was a "surprise to me. Now I am not
prepared to say! whether Blanche Bates
has already arrived or Is the coming great
American star, but this I am willing to
set my hand and seal to, her fashion of
hair dresslng«must be the latest;
Whenever you see an actress with her
hair dressed In an - unfamiliar way, you
can eafely wager either one of two things.
If she is a great woman, that her style is
going to become the style, and if she isn't,
why, then, that her style Is the very latest
style. - "
Annie (everybody calls her Annie, and
that, by the way. Is the only illusion she
left me) cooks her own dinner, makes her
own clothes and, like a "very gt)od and
prosaic wife, darns the socks. of the "best
man, on earth."
. The fortunate individual whom Annie
promised many years ago*o love and
honor is Harry Myers, a gentleman of the
chorus. "When Annie and Harry met and
loved and wed they were both
.repeating. in a well -drilled . chorus the
. beautiful, brave and bombastic assertions
of the principals of [ the McCaul Opera
Company. Soon after her marriage Annie
left the chorus to climb and. climb and
forge ahead' until 'she became one of the
leading soubrettes of the country. .. Harry
remained In the chorus, enjoying his
wife's success, applauding her triumphs,
always holding the first and foremost
place in her heart. At present Harry Is In
Baltimore looking after some real estate
that came to him recently by Inheritance,
Mr. and Mrs. Myers have one daughter, a
pretty, girl who - inherited her mother's
merry talent - and her . father's sterling
qualities. Her stage name is Grade Orr
and she is ( the soubrette- In Wil
son's company. 1 " ¦ ,
I do not think that way any more. Last
week I met Annie Myers of the Tivoli and
it waa. like- taking a cold plunge— first a
shock and then a -most delightful sensa
tion.'"Annie Myers keeps house. 'She has
a tiny apartment on Kills street. In which
she. goes around in most conventional at
tire, spending her .days when not at the
theater in sweeping and dusting and
scrubbing and tidying up in most thrifty
housewifely fashion.
MEETING stage people Is a sure
way to" destroy 'all .one's cher
ished and certainly most fanci
ful ' illusions. I had, well, pe
culiar notions about soubrettes.
I do not know why I should have had
those elaborate, ideas, but. like many
other people, whenever I thought of a
fetching soubrette I immediately thought j
of a long-pursed chappie.
At one of our churches where performances
of oratorios are sometimes given by the choir
the congregation had been complaining that the
church on euch occasions was unbearably cold.
Last Sunday the vicar in •announcing a com
ing choral 'service thus delivered himself: "On
luesday next Spohr's 'Last Judgment' will be
given in the church. The building will be spe
daHy heated for the occasion. "> -
A London paper is responsible for the
following profane and perfect gem:
Apropos of- Mrs. Alma Webster Powell's
recent article on the music student in Ger
many, the following- statistics on the sub
ject, culled from The Concert-Goer, will
be of worth:
It is 'estimated that, 12,400 musical students
are studying at th/ present time in Germany.
Of this number 20 per cent are foreigners and
5 per cent Americans; 40 per cent of them are
vocal students.- 32 per cent orchestra, organ and
solo string aspirants, 25 per cent study the
pianoforte and 3 per cent composing. The
average student spends 16C0 marks ($400) each
yeer for living expenses and tuition, although
some lK-e on 900 marks— (J225)— including tui
tion. . The average period of each . student is
three years. All of the students of the or
tfhestra find Immediate and paying occupation,
wherever they settle. The pianoforte students
have a hard struggle to obtain a footing and
22- per cent settle as teachers /with varied but
comfortable income. Of the vocal students
(40 per cent) 8 per cent find engagements at
the ODera with an average income • of 1200
marks ($300) per year. 2 per cent find recogni
tion as concert singers through their merits
and 12 per cent through a reserve fund for
advertising purposes. | Twenty per cent of them
cannot be traced and are lost In obscurity, g Of
the 12,400 students 67 per cent are female; 84
per cent study in conservatories and Institu
tions. Of the 4960 singers who enter every year
only a few rise to a high rank and the others
hope for better days.
are Henry Bossert', /a soldier now
stationed at the Presidio," and Emil
A. Bruguiere, both pupils in com
position of Oscar Weil. Mr. Bos-
Bertrs contribution to the programme
was a "march" that he calls "The Roll
of Honor," a musicianly and melodious
composition, distinguished by an excellent
harmonic feeling and a pretty skill in or
chestration. The trio is particularly melo
dious and contains a very clever bit 'of
part -writing/ t - ? ¦• ,
Mr. Bruguiere's number was "Canzon
etta Espagnole,** a colorful and 2haracter
istic composition. This also is clean and
skillful writing, with' a gratifying native
picturesqueness of Inspiration. Mr. Weil
is to be congratulated on the work of his
pupils, and Conductor Spadina on his sen
sible kindness in encouraging local genius.
TOUNG CAL.IFORICIAN PIANISTE
WHO HAS MADE A GREAT HIT
IN EUROPE. ¦r-'vj
BY BLANCHE PARTINGTON.
ar^HE : memorv of a man may suffer more from the acts of his foal disciples than from the
abuse of his enemies. • ¦
Colonel Robert Ingersoll's memory is just now getting punished by some people in
Ohio, who in his name have organized* an agnostic society and pretend to perpetuate the
teachings of the great agnostic. ¦They, have gone about this: by celebrating what they call an ag- I
nostic' marriage, in which the vows were 'conditioned and the tie' was like, that free love union
which was practiced by the followers of Dr. Noyes.- : '- \ . ¦¦'": ....... v . .
There is nothing in 'agnosticism;iiqr in 1 the^eachings of Ingersoll in support of such a pre- :
tended marriage. The laws of all the most civilized nations recognize marriage as a. civil con
tract, dissoluble or enforcible in the courts of /justice. The necessity for such view of the contract
arises in the. concern that third parties may have in it. -Jt affects the descent of -property and
the title of estates.-ahd inheritance and title are matters litigable, for they, concern "property. -.'.
Among the ignorant who call themselves agnostics and rejoice in a heresy which they do '¦
not comprehend, there has grown up the opinion that is back, of this Ohio movement. Such :
people' think that the monogamous marriage is derived from the institution of Christianity,, car
rying Ayith it the indissohible; intent. The fact is that there- is no injunction on the subject
. among the germs of thristianity except Paul's advice that deacons should be sober and discreet
persons and have but one wife. That limitation alone, is evidence that among the early Christians
polygamy prevailed, and : was forbidden only to certain officers of the congregation.
In fact, polygamy was a venerable and deservedly honored institution in its day, for it
. succeeded just such promiscuous, go-as-you-please, catch-as-catch-can association of the sexes as
these Ohio agnostics propose in the ; name ofclngersojjj To the philosophic mind the beginning
of polygamy was the beginning of man's advance in civilization. It meant 'that he differentiated
himself from the beasts that perish! To such mind also the end of polygamy 'marked man's rise
to a still higher civilization, but the advance was not due to any direct, inspired, religious com
- mand. -Early Christians were polygamists and the primitive Christian princes ofEurope\were not
scrupulous as -to; plurality- in the married relation. The early agnostics, of the-, period that in
cludes the first;half-thousand years of the Christian era, were neither more nor less free and loose
in their matrimonial affairs than the civilization of which they- were a part/ *
¦¦¦::¦ -These Ohio folks think they are making a point ,'against Christianity by their, goose and
gander marriage, when they are only flying in the face of that decency which is an attribute of
civilization.. The morals and ethics taught In- Colonel Ingersoll were the morals and ethics of
civilization, and the humanity, the mercy, charity and love which he inculcated were of the high- .
est and "purest rorden His disagreement with the plan of salvation, the fall and atonement, was
almost forgiven by the church because of the .purity of his, morality and his high ascription to'.
.. woman. "Now woman has advanced from the pit /of -promiscuity to the higher plane^of.polyg
amy to stand at last safe on the heights of a monogamous marriage /intended to be indissoluble.
One who is content with a conditional contract declarative not of an intention to be permanent^
but to be temporary, isa fool in her head or a wanton in her heart, .'and I": Ingersoll's ideal woman
wvas neither. .'/ -- • '¦¦ • * '*'•-. '<¦*
Lawyer McSherry >ants Rev. Mr; Herroii and His female companion to move out of New
Jersey, lest he become the leader of a great society composed of those;who hold themarriage tie
too lightly. Me must have but little' confidence 'liii the'good. manners of Jerseymen 7 if, he thinks
evil communications will corrupt them so easily. ' ,
It has heretofore been considered an element \ of success in running railroads that, the
people:should know the chiefs in the .various departments.^ What is' the matter with President
Hays?, Does he think \ some of the chiefs are too well known? '*--*/'
¦,}}¦¦;[ ./Rev.: Mr.; : -powie-:ofi Chicago claims to be. the Prophet Elijah returned to the earth. We re-
nothing in the career, of Elijah to justify the suspicion that • ho would make I a second trip for i
the sake of seeing. Chicago:: ; ; ; \ ?. .
' France and Russia are reported .to have ., a';; mutual understanding . about the railroads
of „ Manchuria and 'Yunnan. They seem "to mutually understand everything but each other's
language."' r <¦.': ;' ' : X:-- '¦'¦-¦ " -] '"J>v '%'" '».-..-,',' \ •-' , "*-' ¦; - * \. "
¦. ¦ • - , " ¦ • ¦¦ ¦. * — ¦ ' ¦ . ¦ ¦. "" ' ~"' : '.' r *'¦'¦'¦- .-'•.
;:.,.• v The- English anti-jingoes are having a hard time b
bury government. The only anti-jingo -party that really enjoys itself is led by, De-Wet '
• General; Chaffee; reports that fifty innocent Qhinese were killed [by ; the allies to one Bbxe^
Theithristian nations now demand from^ China the cost ? of ; that;slaughter! /
In all : thVexpVessions: of mutimradmirationand
-steps. of, Count von Waldersee : we fail to notice* any! Chinese bouquets. '¦ .
V ¦ ; this %
" is a good'time to m^ke;up your^mincl not to delay/ any/ longer. i- ' V. " ' " i
1 ' ' ¦¦ ' |i _ -r *. ¦ ¦ , ¦-¦' .¦.¦'¦- ,* '- : . ; ¦ " •¦: " € ' a * ' f ,
ABUSE OF INGERSOLL.
y^^ HIEF W. L. MOORE of the United States Weather Bureau has telegraphed to Mr.
I " .. McAdie of the local bureau 'that Secretary Wilson will authorize the installation of
a wireless telegraph service, between San Francisco and the Farallones, and also at
. other points on the Pacific, Goast, as soon as there is asystem suitable- for installation.
We have then a promise of wireless telegraphy to be in operation in the near. future, for ,
there is at this time no doubt whatever that the Weather. Bureau can find a "suitable system"
almost as it begins to look for it. Wireless telegraphy is in fact no longer an. experiment. We
.recently had occasion to direct* attention to the success achieved with it by the steamship
Lucania in sending messages to various points along the English' coast while the -steamer was
making her way down the channel.^ Several of the messages were -received, and others seht by
the steamer at a time when she was so far at sea that land was not visible. .:••;
The experiments made on trie Lucahia are noted only because they are the latest to which
particular attention has been drawn. As a matter of fact the system is now so well established
that t"he great steamers on the Atlantic have been fitted with the Marconi apparatus, and new'
ships now being, constructed are to have a room designed especially for wireless telegraphing. )
The swift advance of the new method of telegraphing is one of the marvels of the age. It
is; but a short time since the system was the subject of ridicule by; the incredulous. The Call was
the first newspaper in the world to take up the invention and apply it to practical use.. ' That was
done by The Call as a .'part of the arrangements made to , report the coming of the transppft bear
ing the California Volunteers on their return from the Philippines! . The test made* of. the, system
on that occasion was completely . successful, and was undoubtedly the most notable stroke of
'newspaper enterprise ever accomplished on this coast. In fact it was an achievement of world
wide interest and attracted attention ¦everywhere."' ' ¦ ¦_'¦<¦¦
The next notable use of the new system was that made by The Call and the Herald in re- "
porting the- international yacht race. That was a direct result of the success obtained here,, so
that the : New York experiment may be said to have been .brought about by the 'test, at San Fran
cisco. Consequently the credit of leading, in the development of this latest marvel of science be
longs to this city. "\ ' l *~ , ¦' ¦ ;
Rarely has any great invention been met with a greater storm of ridicule. than this. When
The Call accomplished the feat of getting reports across the water from a vessel off the Golden
Gate, and the announcement was made of the means by which it .'was done,.'the Examiner scoffed
and' scouted and flouted for days. It derided the inventor by,calling him "Macaroni."- -Later on
¦when -the system was 1 used by The Call and in reporting the yacht race, it returned to the |
attack and again jeered at the. inventor as well as at the system and The Call: Now. the yellow
journal will at last have to admit that wireless telegraphy is a practical system of dispatching mes-- |
sages; and the chances are it will claim to have been the author of the .whole thing.
The Call having been the. first paper in the world to have faith in the invention, the first
• to make practical use of it, has also been first fn urging the ¦Government : to the system.
between this city and the Farallones. It is therefore with no little satisfaction that it congratu
lates the people on the prospect of the, early ''attainment -of the much desired service: j " j -.j .'"
WIRELESS TELEGRAPHY PROMISED
JOHN: D^SPRKKELS, -Proprietor* ; /; ' : : > : '-• ;- Address ; Communications to V^'S^LEAK^ Manager
.SUN.bAYy-;'^ .;. .'. :. '^.V::.'; •'. . .". . . V V. .'. :...... . . .'. . ;vV. /.JUNE '23,-1901
Publication Office. .\ .;.";..*. .'..'.' . ¦ <jj^|s|^^> . .. ......'. . . . ...... . .Market and Third, S. F.
BIG WELSH MUSICAL
FESTIVAL AT THE
PAN-AMERICAN SHOW.
ABOUT SOUBRETTES
AND BIG STARS AND
JUST PLAIN ACTORS.
BY LYDIA LANGUISH
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL r SUNDAYj JUKE 23, 1901i-
18
; Good' Service and Quick Time. ','¦<
The . SantaFe Route train leavinV San Fran-
cisco V 4 :,20_ p. m. «' dally now; runs • through -, to
Fresno, making the shortest time between Ban
Francisco, 1 Stockton. ; Merced and Freine. -
The tea out-turn for the month of June
r. as been normal in Assam, but poor in
the Terai, where the weather is unfavor-
able,- and in Darjiling, where there has
been a severe blight.
Official Eoute Christian 'Endeavorers
to Cincinnati, Ohio." : . ;
The Burlington Rdute'via Denver., has been
selected" as" the official route.. Through Pullman
Tourist . Sleeping Cars to Cincinnati will leave
San Francltco July 1 at 6 ; p. m. Tickets on
sale June 30. to, July 1: rate. J76 SO for round
trip. July 1-2 we will sell round trip tickets
to Detroit at »S2 25; July 3-4 to Chicago J72 50,
and to Buffalo $87. For: sleeping car berths
call on or address W. , D. Sanborn', * General
Agent. 631' Market street ¦'
the Old "World"?.. '•
Everything pertaining to" the New World
may be easily, and ; cheaply seen at . the Pan-
American • Exposition, and the . best ? way to
get to ; Buffalo is : : by the '- comfortable • trains
of { the ' Nickel Plate Road,*; carrying ¦ Nickel
Plate Dining Cars,': in which : are served Amer-
ican Club. meals from 25c to , $1.00 each. Book
free.'. showing' pictures of exposition buildings.
Hotel ". accommodations %' reserved, j ¦ : JAY ':¦ w'
ADAMS, P. C.Sp.'A;, 37 Crocker l building/
San Francisco. Cal.. ' . .
Quickest Way to Yosemite.
"The Santa Fe to Merced and stare thence
via Merced Falls. .. Coulterville. Hazet Green
Merced. Bis Trees. Cascade Falls and Bridal
Veil Falls to Sentinel Hotel. This gets you in
at 5 Sn the afternoon, which Is ahead of any
other lire rind costs you less. Ask at 641 Mar-
ket st. for particulars."". ¦ '¦ ' : y ¦ - •
Choice candies, Townsend's, Palace HoUl*
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lb at Townsend's.*
— ¦ » ¦ — i
Best eyeglasses, specs.; 10c to 43c. Look
out front of barber and grocery, 81 4th. *
Special . information supplied! daily to
business houses and public men by 'th« '
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's;, 510 Mont-
Comery street. Telephone Main 1013. •"By a unanimous vote the report of th»
oil committee of the Producers' Associa
tion relative to the disposal of the local
oil output was approved at a meeting of
the original incorporators and the com
mittee was given "power to act. The re
port suggested ways and means for the
marketing of the home oil for five years
at prices that would meet with favor
among the producers of the field. In ' a.
word. It was satisfactory to the produ
cers represented, and. It Is said, will meet
with popular favor. So much ' Is an
nounced officially, but further details are
denied for the present, as the association
expects to close with a company or: com
panies before the end of the week.
"Armed with power to act* George Eas
ton arid W. H. Allen will hold a confer
ence with the mysterious parties who are
negotiating for the handling of the home
product." '
wells of the La Brea Rancho Oil and As
phaltum Company In Los Angeles. Th«
oil was of such consistency that the" or
dinary pumping plant would not do' tho
work. The company has established a
tank at each of its wells. From each
well a galvanized iron trough, heated by
steam, .has been placed to nin the oil
off. One concern went nearly broke In
the attempt to handle this oil and sold
out when a chance came.
Progress of Producers, l
The Los Angeles Times reports the pro
gress of the Los Angeles oil producers on
their way to combination and handling
of their product as follows:
the oil encountered at 1400 feet is better
than most of that found In the district,
being of lighter gravity. There also ap
pears to be plenty of oil at that depth.
If these 'Statements are verified the sig
nificance to the oil Industry of California
Is great. The supply; of oil Is increased
and the quality will pay for going deeper.
The Los Angeles Herald says :
Evidence grows that the Standard OH Com
pany has fortified Haelf In the Kern River
better than is generally , known. Those famil
iar with the oil situation in the San Joaquin
Valley expect that the next few weeks will
bring to light a great many facts with which
the general public is not familiar. The Stand
ard Is building additional tankage in the Kern
River field and will be able to store in the
neighborhood of a half million barrels of oil,
which will put it in a position to give steady
supply, to consumers who are -yet hesitating
about the change to the new . fuel f»r. fear
they cannot secure a. continuous. supply. With
control of the Kern River situation, the Stand
ard naturally desires to get control of -the
oil of the local field, and it is believed that
the day in not far distant when the 'plans of
the great corporation will be In evidence. .
, . Carisso Creek Oil. f ¦_¦_ ,\
Dr. Stephen Bowers tells the people of
San Diego that his investigations at
Carisso Creek will be confined almost en
tirely to oil indications. He was sent to
that section by State Mineralogist Au
bury. A meeting of the oil locators of the
Colorado Desert has been, held at San
Diego to devise ways to assist Dr. '.Bowers
in his search for indications. v -
The packing- houses at Fresno will prob
ably use oil for fuel, employing pipe lines
for transportation. •
A search for oil has be?un at Victor.
A well is drilling on the Cole ranch.
The Gilroy Advocate says the Hollister
Development Company will drill a well on
the Cowden tract if $2000 'can be raised in
ten days,
Gfrass Valley people have incorporated
the Eureka Oil and Development Com
pany. K. Epstein is the president.
There is a bailing plant for the eleven
LONDON, June 22.— A nolle pros was
to-day entered in the case of Charles Lil
lywhite,' the naturalized American citizen,
who was arrested in Wellington, N. Z.,*in
November last, on a charge of being Ar
thur i Blatcn, the murderer of a - tailor at
Colchester Park, England, In 1®3» J v -^; , ,
Idllywhite Discharged From Custody.
Sale of elegantly trimmed hats . at $5.00
each will commence on Monday, June 24,
at Mrs. J. Coughlan's.N919 Market st.- •
The little town of Naper is almost en
tirely destroyed. .The people are gathered
in the few buildings left standing, among
them a church and sehoolhouse, and pro
visions and clothing are being sent in
from surrounding towns.
MRS. JAMES PERSHALL.
The injured: Mrs. Jacob Greening, seri
ously; Theodore Anderson, aged 8, danger
ously: Mrs. August Anderson is in a criti
cal condition: Otto Metz, severe bruises;
Henry Metz, leg broken. ' ->
BERTHA ANDERSON, aeed 10.
OMAHA, Neb., June 22.— Dispatches
from Naper, Neb., the • scene of Thurs
day's cyclone, do not change materially
the reports of last nluht. Bertha Ander
son has been added to the list of killed,
and her mother, Mrs. August Anderson,
will probably die. A revised list of the
dead follows: .
JACOB GREENING, aged 55.
MAGGIE GREENING, aged 12.
JOHN GREENING, aeed 8. , .
MARY GREENING, aged 6.
JACOB GREENING Jr.. aged 3.
, CLiARA ANDERSON,* aged 7.
IDA ANDERSON, aged 5.
3Jist of the TJead at Napa Numbers
Nine Names.
In Pittsburg Fifth avenue and Forbes
street, in the Soho district, were com
pletely blocked by great masses of dirt
and stones washed from the hill, and all
street car service to and from the east
end was suspended for about two hours.
The Point Breeze Presbyterian Church
was struck by lightning and the steeple,
together with a portion of the roof of the
edifice, was wrecked.
. ¦ . . ¦ ? —
NEBRASKA. CYCLONE VICTIMS.
Great « damage was done in the two
cities and the suburbs east^ Conservative
estimates place the loss at 1200,000.
The tornado at Allegheny struck the
grand stand of the ball park and carried
away bodily 150 feet of that structure
and moved from its foundation the entire
stand. Two of the beams of the grand
stand plowed through the roof of a
house on Robinson street, going from the
garret to the first floor, carrying away a
portion of the bed on which James Will
iamson was sleeping. It is a miracle
that no lives were lost in Allegheny. ¦ ••.
an Italian, was working In a sewer at
Center and Euclid avenues. When the
rain came the sewer was a raging tor
rent in . a moment, and Marcus was torn
away from his fellow workmen and prob
ably carried through to the river. James
Howard, aged 16, was struck on the head
by a live wire at Duquesne and instantly
killed.' James Dunn, aged 17, while sav
ing the life of his brother, aged 7 years,
who had fallen into the creek at Braa
dock, was carried away by the waters
and drowned. . ; i
PITTSBURG, June 22.— The vicinity of
Pittsburg was visited to-day by one of
the fiercest storms known since the
United States Weather Bureau has been
established. Within forty-eight minutes
1.19 inches of rain fell, and during that
time the lightning and thunder were al
most continuous. Tl\e wind was not high
except in a contracted path a few hun
dred feet t wide, which swept like a tor
nado through Allegheny, a portion of the
east end of Pittsburg and on the Wllmer
aing and Turtle Creek.
Three lives were lost. Charles Marcus,
Lives Lost in Fierce Storm
That Rages in Pennsylvania
TANK BUILDING
NOW HELD BACK
Railroad Has Its Scheme
' to Manipulate the
' "Oil Men.
Los Angeles Makes Advance
Toward Marketing Its
Product.
The Southern Pacific Company Is again
opposing the oil producers and apparently
the oil men are not . aware of the opposi
tion. It : is well known that oil is being
extensively used by the railroad as fuel*
and the facilities for ¦ handling this have
been increased from time to time. Oil
burners are being added to engines and
all indications point to the exclusive use
of ollas a fuel. The cost of the two fuels,
coal and oil, compared, shows a difference
in favor of oil of 'almost one-third— this
with oil at 75 and 80 cents per barrel.' If
oil should decline It is not unreasonable to
suppose' that coal will do the same, which
will mean a still greater saving for the
ra'jlroad — an addition, of thousands of dol-
lars to the earnings of the road. '.
In v order to handle the output of the
company's wells in the Kern River and
McKittrick districts immense storage
tanKs have been erected and it was omy
recently that a 30,000-barrel tame was
completed at Tucson. All this was for
the s accommodation of oil for the use of
the company. - .
The Call has told its readers of the pur
chase of oil lanus in Texas for the rail
road-by J. B. Treadwell, the company's
oil land expert, who is in charge of the
company wells in the Kern River and
McKittrick j districts. Following these
preparations and along the same lines a
contract was recently made with the
Lacy Manufacturing Company of Los
Angeles for the erection of several 30,000
barrer storage tanks in Texas and Louisi
ana. Work was ordered rushed with all
possible speed. The Eastern concern sup
plying the material was requested to
hurry the same forward and shipments
were started to their various destinations
as fast as the mill could turn them out.
All these 5 preparations have ; suddenly
stopped. The shipments are being al
lowed to come forward, but when the ma
terial is received it will not be put to
immediate use, as was the original inten
tion. An official decree has been Issued
to the effect that the work is not to pro
ceed until further orders. - The material 13
to be stored until, in the indefinite future,
the order shall be given to proceed with
the erection- of the tanks.
To the oil men in the Texas and Louis
iana fields this will doubtless be discour
aging, for on its face it would appear that
the policy of the company as regards the_
use of oil as a fuel, has changed; that oil
will not be the exclusive fuel,' and that no
attempt will be made to handle the output
of the fields mentioned. . This would ap
pear to be the case, but appearatices are
deceitful. There Is, back of this order,
much to be considered— another thrust of
this" powerful corporation' at Its less
powerful antagonists ; another move in
the game which has been going on since
the oil industry reached its present stand
ing; another maneuver of the railroad in
the war upon the oil men. .
Finding 1 Lower Stratum.
A pipe line has been completed by the
McKittrick company to the railroad.
The second attempt to organize a,min
ing district in the Midway failed. The
Temblor and Kramer districts will try to
organize. • ,
Contracts have been let for the drilling
of a well at Goleta and another at Car
penteria. No oil has yet been struck at
either of those places, but expectation 1b
strong on the part of the prospectors that
they will find the fluid.
The exports of petroleum In May show a
gain in amount over May of last year of
over 13,000.000 gallons. The falling off in
price makes the value less by about
$300,000.
The Grace Company, in the Kern River
field, has found a stratum at a depth of
1400 feet that no other oil men have pre
viously discovered. It has also broken
the record for depth in that field. It will
be recollected that A. S. Cooper, then
State mineralogist, predicted that drilling
to lower levels in California- oil fields
would probably result in finding higher
grade oils. The Grace company would
seem to have verified that prediction for
that locality at least. It is reported • that
G. H. Umbsen & Co. ..will auction realty
of the Matthew Crooks estate at noon to
morrow at 14 Montgomery : street. The
offerings include t 106 and 108 Jessie street;
sixty feet square on the north line of
Washington street, ninety-five ¦ feet • «?a«t
from Brenham place; , lot, 22:9x110/ onDu
pont street, and Waverly place, 68:9 feet
south from Clay, and ? lots on r the south
east corner of Fifteenth street and Julian
avenue. ¦ :-.- '¦'-¦ ¦-.:['¦' -.'^ -
- Miss Isabella* G. » Levy has > leased her
Improved property on Union Square avo
nue, a 6-story. brick building,. for $500 per
month for a period of ten years. r:
No. 3942 Clay street, $3100: building lots on
Van Nees avenue, near Chestnut, 23x109 each
in size. $2000 each for two and $3600 for cor
ner of Van Ness avenue and Chestnut street,
27:6x109; half block bounded by Point Lobos
avenue, ¦•' Twenty-eighth avenue and Clement
street, $3700: lot on west line of Mission street,
185 feet south -from Eighteenth, 23x80, $2650;
No' 2902 '-. Bush street, $4550; .University ¦ Home
stead lot; west line " of '' Ion street, 100 feet
south • from Bacon, $100; No. : 48 Merrltt street,
J1100- 25x100 feet on east line of Sanchez street,
76:6 feet south from Twenty-eighth street. $850.
Easton, Eldrldge & Co. report the fol
lowing bids at the auction held last Tues
day:
The Merchants' Exchange cf San Fran
cisco has secured an option on ,the old
Pacific Stock Exchange -property, owned
by George W. McNt-ar. This runs through
from Montgomery street to Leidesdorn*.
If the deal is ratified it will give the Ex
change for its proposed new building 123:3
feet on California street, 190 fer.t on
LeidesdorfC street and 40 feet on Mcnt
gomery, thus affording entiances upon
th E?' 3 -K. r L e iHenthal will place a $50,000
building, of brick, five Ftories. on the
northeast corner of Beale and Mission
S H 3 . G H. Dana and A. W. Pattlani have
given notice that they will erect a six
story brick building, to cost $49,000, on the
northeast corner of William and Geary
! H. Keenan & Sons plan to place an addi
tional story on a building, which they will
also raise,. <$n the north line of' Post street,
201 feet east from Larkin, the cost of the
improvements being $14,000.
•H. H. Dana's 4-story brick building: on
the west line of Steuart street, 192 feet
north from Mission, will cost $27,386. - C_
Mrs. Sarah Greer will place two 3-story
and basement frame buildings,- with brick
foundations, to contain six tenements, on
the south line of Ellis street, 115 feet west
from Octavia. The contracts call for an
expenditure of about. $18,000. _
Three flats will be placed on the north
line of Page street, 110 feet east from
Buchanan, by Ellen E. Kennedy at an es
timated cost of $5700. . -.
Mrs. Zeimer will erect three flats on the
north line of Broadway; east from Steiner
street, which, will cost $12,500.
Mrs. George E. Mayhew will build three
flats on the south line of Post street, east
from Laguna, to cost $10,000.
""* ; ; The Auction Mart.
Building Interests.
A M Speck & Co. have sold. to Levi M.
Kolloeg for Louisa Kcrpr.enrlate lot 40x
57-6 feet and improvements at 16 and 18
Lewis street, near Taylor, for $5500. They
also sold £27 Mission street to Mrs. Bertha
C. Behlon for John Mannix, the price be
ing $26,000.
Some of the larger transfers placed on
record during the past week included the
sale by Eugene Jr., Edward and Thomas
H. Kelly et al. to Hobba, Wall & Co., for
$61 000 west corner of Beale and Bryant
streets, 27cxltf7:'S feet; the sale by the John
Brenner Company to H. A. Hedges of 50x
70 feet, with new building, on the south
wes* line of Stevenson street, 17f 6 feet
northeast from Sixth 'street, for $40,000;
from the heirs of Matthew Crooks to Mrs.
Amanda C. Crooks and Mrs. Florence A.
Browne, 50x70 feet on the south lino of
Sutter street, 80 feet east from Stockton,
; for $25,000. .
In Various . Sections.
Bovee, Toy fc^Sonntag report the follow
ing sales: ;. •
Mary Gamner to John Geyselman, lot 43x86:9,
with old building, on the east .side of Hyde
street 193:6 from Filbert, for $2600; Samuel
Meyers to Mary Keating, lot 25x100, with cot
tage, on the west side of Iowa street. 50 feet
south.of Yolo. for $1150; residence of ten rooms
and lot 25x120. on the south line of Eddy street,
250 feet west from Buchanan, to E. Casson.^for
$5250; lot 26x117:6, with small house, on the
north side of Sacramento street, 365 feet east
of First avenue, from A. C. Mocker to J. H.
Hanson, for $1850; property. 20x80. on the south
side or Clara street. 275 feet east of Fourth,
from Peter Kearny to P. Soquenie, for $1000t,
and a lot, 50x107:8, on the east line of First
avenue 100 feet north of Sacramento street,
from A. Capltola*to A. B. Marlon, for $4800.
During the last sixty days there has
been considerable business in Presidio
Heights properties. Shainwald, Buckbee
& Co. report the following sales made in
that section in the period mentioned:
. The Arnold House on the north line of Wash
ington street, between Spruce and Maple, sold
to John Scott Wilson for $29,500; M. A. Gunst's
lot on the north line of Washington street, 47:6
feet west of Locust. 50x127:8% feet, sold to A.
W Wilson for $10,000: the Emma G. Wrig-ht lot
on the south line of Clay street, 137:6 feet west
of Locust, 27:6x127:8*4 feet, sold to Mrs. George
E Carter for $2750; the Cook lot, northeast cor
ner of Jackson and Locust streets, 50x127 :SV4
feet, sold to Frank B. Norton for $7000: the
Monroe property, southwest corner of Wash
ington and Laurel streets, 102:8V t xl37:6 feet,
sold to Hot»ce G. Platt for$12,CC0. and with
an adjoining lot resold by Mr. Platt to ad
joining owners, the price aggregating about
114 500; southwest corner of Clay and Laurel
streets, 68:9xl27:S% feet, sold by J. Elienman
to -Dr. Matthew Gardner of the Southern Pa
cific Railroad Company for $10,250; lot on south
line of Clay street, 165 feet east of Locust.
27:6xl27:8V4 feet, sold by S. C. Buckbee to Mary
W. Peters for J275O.
Most of the people who have made these
purchases have bought the property with
the intention of putting up houses for
their own homes. ! In this section there la
almost a building boom. „ , ,
The same brokers have also sold 137:6x
127-8 on the south line of Pacific avenue,
137:6 feet east from Laurel street, for
$7500, the purchaser being Mr. Hind.
G. H. Umbsen & Co. report transactions
as follows; .
House of nine rooms and lot, 22:11x137:6, on
the north line of Pine street, 160 feet east of
Buchanan, by F. Dakln to F. Holtum for $6000;
by F Holtum to M. Schneider, house and lot.
40x129, on the north line of Steuart street. 114
west of Adeline, Berkeley, for $3500, and an ex
change Involving the transfer of property on
Emmett avenue. Berkeley, from F. Pfelffer to
1 S E Houston on the basis of $3500 value, and
! the - transfer by Houston to Pfelffer of, a lot,
40x110. with old building, on the^ north side of
Pine street, east of J"ones7 '"¦
Brokers Close Sales.
There Is no scarcity of handsome turns
on local: business realty. Several sucn
turns, involving a profit, of several thous
and dollars in each instance, /have given
evidence of the upward trend of eligible
holdings in the past few months. One of
these has just taken place. Something
like a year ago "William .Wilson bought
property on the south line of Post street,
137:6 feet east from Stockton, the size of
the lot being 45:10 on Post street and run
ning through 120 feet to Union Square ave
nue. The improvements consist of a six
story brick building, with basement. H.
S. Crocker & Co. occupy a store on the
ground floor. In the rear M. Friedman &
Co. have a part of the building. The up
per part of the structure is used for of
rices. Mr. Wilson has sold this property
for about $140,000, making a net protit of
about 418,000. The name of the purchaser
is withheld by Shainwald, Buckbee & Co.,
who made the deal.
The sale of the Seattle block, situated
at tJolden'Gate avenue and Steiner street,
has been closed in the past week by Ray
mond & Baldwin. The seller is Mrs. Mary
A. Jackson. The purchasers are William
J. Leahy and Ernestine Ivreling. The lot
is 100x187:6. Upon it are twelve flats and
a residence. The price was $45,000.
The transfer of property on Third street,
between Market and Mission, for $100,OOJ
is reported, but the brokers withhold ad
ditional information.
Owners of Residence Lots
Are Building Many-
Costly Flats.
Handsome Sums Come
From Central Realty
Turns.
RISING MARKET
MAKES PROFITS
THE SAN FRANGISGO CALL, SUNDAY, 23, 1901.
19
ST. l&ATTHEW'S MILITARY SCHOOL,
SAX MATEO. CAL The next term will b»?in
Aujruet IS 1501. For catalogue and illustrated
circular address Rev. WILLIAM A. BREWER.
A. B.. Rector and Head Master.
Boarding and day school for girls, 2126 Cali-
fornia Bt Accredited to the universities. Th«
next cession will begin ,Au«;. 6. For Illustrated
catalogue address the principal.
REV. EDWARD B. CHURCH. A. M.
IRVINC INSTITUTE.
The Cream
OF
Mill Valley
FORMERLY KNOWN AS
Wormouth Tract
NOW CALLED
TRACT
This beautiful tract, situated in the heart of
Mill Valley, and # consisting of about forty
acres, is subdivided into lots and is now on the
market for sale. Streets will be graded, mac-
adamized and sewered. " The tract commands
a view of the bay and San Francisco on one
side and the towering peak of Tamalpais on
the other.' . «- i i'
The California Title Insurance and Trust
Company of San Francisco will Issue an in-
surance policy for every lot sold guaranteeing
title.
For maps and full particulars address-
McAFEE BROTHERS,
108 Montgsmer/ St ett,
San Francisco
DD IT QUITO FOR BARBERS, BAK-
ljj\ M O XT£lO ers - bootblacks, bath-
T^ houses, billiard tables,
"brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers,^ canners,
dyers, flour-mills, foundries, laundries, paper-
hangers, printers, painters, shoe factories, sta-
blemen, tar-roofers," tanners, ' tailors, ; etc. .
- BUCHANAN BROS. - -
Brush Manufacturers, 609 Sacramento St
A lint" >H bowel tronblea. appendicitis, t»Il-
II III la ionaness, bad breath, bad blood, wind
¦ ¦I 111 H on the stomach, bloated bowela, fonl
VVIIb^ month, headache* Indigestion, pimples,
pains after eating, liver trouble, uflow complexion
and dizziness. ¦ when your bowels don't mo-re regu-
larly yon are eettlnc sick. Constipation kllln more
people \ than all other diseases •: tosether. ' It . Is a
•tarter for the chronic ailment! and long years of
sufTerlnec > that come afterwards. >' No matter what
alls yon, start taking CASCARETS to-day, for you
will never eet well and be well all the ttmennUl
yon put your bowels right. Take oar advice; start
with CASCARETS to-day, under an absolute guar-
antee te cure or money refunded. „ V . . m ,
PllfiRAAlTECn sss^rsffiszaE
UUHnHll I llU ¦ :: S. : £®- o S t w
•lmllmr medicine In the world. ThI* la ab«olnt« proof of
¦not merit, and out- beat testimonial. " W« h»r»r £»lth »nU
will sell CA8CAHET8 absolntely janranteed to com or
money refaaded. I Ch> buy today, two 6Oe boxes* clve them a
ffclr, honest trial, m« per.laaole direction*. >ud If jroo are
not latHlled. aAernsinffonerSOti box, return the nnnaedSOe
box and th. enpty box to n* by mall, or the drnsrlst from
whom yon nmrebaaed It, aad vet your money back tor both
bozct. Tkkc oar advte*— ao matter what all • yon-rtart to-
day. Health will quietly follow and yon wUl bleu the day
yov flnt star te d the me o'C ASC Alt ETH. Book free by mali.
Iddrettj STERLING REMEDY CO.,K£TT,I0RK ov CHICAGO. ;
x ' .-" '"" . ' ',»•' '. r .-¦•¦:¦ •...;¦.¦:..¦=¦'¦ . \.
10c
25c- 50c?>4
ALL* DRUGGISTS.
' NEVER j^j-
SOLD IN BULK.
THE TONIC LAXATIVE
Now what you want is Cascarets. Go and get them today-Cascarcts-in metal box-
cost 10c ',:¦ Take one! Eat it like candy, and it will work gcntly-whilc you sleep. It cures,
that means it strengthens the muscular walls of the bowels, gives them new life. Then they
act regularly and naturally. That's what you want It's guaranteed to be found in.
you with awful gripes, then
you're worse than ever.
About the first thing the
doctor says--
Then, "Let's see your tongue."
Because bad tongue and bad
bowels go together. Regulate
the bowels, clean up the tongue.
We all know that this is the way
to keep and look well.
You can't keep the bowels
healthy and regular with purges
or bird-shot pills. They move
How Are Your Bowels?
Twilight is the bridge that connects dajr;
and night. yr '
*The Missouri Pacific Limited" *
' The only route having through sleeplne
car service between San Francisco and St.
Louis daily. Stop-overs allowed at Salt
Lake City. For full information ask Is
M. Fletcher. 212 California street. - *
¦ PENNSTLVANI A ":. SYSTEM ' of;'! Rail-
ways. Montgomery, street :- •
Leading Business Collefee of the West,
Write for EO-pa&e catalogue (free).
2« Po«t et.. San Francisco, Cal.
Established Nearly 40 years. Open Kntlr* Tear.
MILLS COLLEGE AND SEMINARY.
CONFERS DEGREES AND GRANTS Di-
ploma*; 6emlnary course accredited to the
¦Universities; rare opportunities offered in mu-
eic art and elocution: thirty-sixth year; fall
term opens Aug. 7. 1S01.* Write for catalogue
to MR& C T. MILLS. Pres.. Mills College
P. O., CaL «
MISS W. G. BARRETT'S
SHORTHAND ACADEMY,
302 Montgomery 6t-, Ban Francisco, Cal. •
lessons personally or by mall. Acknowledged by
official reporters, "best teachers, best system."
THE HITCHCOCK SCHOOL FOR
YOUNG MEN AND BOYS,
SAN RAFAEL. CAL..
Military Drill. Christmas Terra Begins
Ausust 14th.
REV. C. HITCHCOCK. Principal.
CALIFORNIA BUSINESS COLLEGE.
A THOROUGH SCHOOL^
Progressive, exceedingly thorough, finely
equipped departments; positions for graduates.
206 Lerkin st. Illustrated catalogue.
n. L.. DURHAM. President
MISCELLANEOUS.
(Grrscr Missioa and Sixteenth Streets). H
All Articles Marked in Plain Figures. §
A LO/VE we hold the prestige in San Fancisco for the best display ? B <
and the lowest prices— for reliable, band-polished; guaranteed furniture £ *
that will fast a lifetime. Since our advent in business we have held this §
unique position — eliminating shoddy goods and making thousands of cus- g
tomers. When great bargains have been secured we have shared with g <
you the benefits; our success is the result. ~ T | !
GREAT COUCH SALE DINING-ROOM MATTRESSES. Si
SPIC1AL BARGAINS 1H!S WEEK. PIIDIillTIIDr '" ' , .-r.! ...'.'' '^ ' ' ' " '
..... .¦•», r »»-«..^ V—/ K -1^ € i^^^ r — "\ 85 lb. All-Hair Mattresses, , with best Bl
THIS HANDSOME d>QF aa SSPnirasS E=3 ticking .-S13 M \
LEATHER COUCH Cj>j3«i/l/ !^3>5=St^^^ 35 lb. Long Black Hair Mattresses, M
This elegant full size all-leather §§3 5S< - wlth best Hiking •••• --*^O Kj
Couch, richly diamond tufted, patent xS: Rsjfe s>^ Our "Elastic Felt" Mattress is the 0
clinched button, genuine leather — * Vhe I\nj K^ 5^ v$ same as advertised and sold for $15.00 ' Q|
made to orier. with sides • also in 5=2 oCv price is — v .j $10 ra
leather puffing— complete and perfect. 4 ~ 1 tS<N 7 t=^\K^ <2^ cnnuirc B
made In our own factory— will be PS,!/," , *=^ 0PKli\O3. gj
placed on sale to-morrow at the low • fcaC^W V-/ The Imperial Spiral Spring is clean* „
P rice of 835 11 • U-. strong, and comfortable. Price. ..$3 g
COUCHES— Genuine mah'pgany • 5JT Our "Special" Box Spring is guaran-»- S
frame, upholstered in best leather, any . teed in ever v way. Price.... $13. 5tf S
color desired. Call and see it on our £fy 4 /-fc mm jf\. _„ ,_.,,„ «*
own great Parlor Furniture floor. H "%>. R>i 1 ' PILLOWS. Bl
Saleprice ;..$50 Vj5 B vJ«V-l'\/ Pillows, 22x27, filled with all goose H
Couches, carved frame. gondola- feathers, in fancy art ticking, per H
shaped, upholstered in tapestry' or width cio nn pair "....$3 H
velour-Special for this sale...... $75 WJKIM 5IS.OO au Bqx Sprln&Si Mattresses and PU . p,
a C^ e^2t ar f, e «>,Titff^ e^ ra « m^c C tr, r , V n^ Fo r this So "d Golden Oak Dining lows are made at our own factory and B
to*v^rigS?^.!°.!f.K(K5O Table - ™**"* in F*«* color and are guaranteed to be as represented. |
«^-»^v r\r\e\ -m.*- 1: n Is hand polished, has fine rope pattern DOACC ilin «
$20,000 WOrth Of Par- heavy turned legs. A bargain at the BKAbb AND ¦
lor Furniture will be closed price >/ > ENAMELED BEDS. ¦
out this week at a discount Pr»V^ TC^ sZ$fc^ *?*• §
of 25 per cent. rr^e&y./o /^^^^^l^l*^ 1 I
Below we quote a few of the bar- Ne\V < AI^Vt^A'^Wbta • "ijf&^i^k-iyv--
520.00 Divans, crotch mahogany backs. T?^ MQ^^fe^^T^ Hal HHrlg "^<^^^^^^^^^^^C5»*- ; m
$200.00 Parlor Suit, hand carved and »1 J £«3?ts» Ntf^ • BlS^^H 4+> Ok xt S~%. WOT S
polished, solid mahogany, full tufted i^-I^^^BwrK'' WBEBSEBX %LI B >B O P^fc. ' B
back, upholstered in best. GJi c.fl %**~^y^^~^?5?7& fcS^SsSSi iTw Z_^|-« J?t B H
silk damask-Sale price VldV BSffeB^dgSt J&r H
$150.00 Parlor Suit, solid mahogany, "|£jl >P vai nr ca- nn
fine carved frame, very neat design. y*®. 1 * \T» w^l (^^^ VALUL ojd.UU __
«5?£ *»* f am " 1 J- SaI «P riee --"»»S W.^^ >S The above illustration represents a I
5160.00 Parlor Suit, solid mahogany, d^0* f% handsome brass and enameled bed, full- Q
har.d polished and carved, uphol- "*^ M£ slze j t is the best bargain we have ra
stered in silk damask— Sfrf^*^ ever been able to offer in beds, and the B
Bale price S1O.» <s *^ like has never been seen in this city £J
J25.O0 Box Couch, slant bead, patent . for the money. It is of the latest de- g
adjustable spring— Undoubtedly and without question sign, showing beauty in every curve. ™
Special sale price S15 the very best value ever offered to our This bed is not only ornamental, but is 0
$12 75 Box Couch Datent lift snrine customers/The frame is of massive also massive and durable. Call and ¦
larerf ™rte°y of ?olorV made tE T of- design, new and original, workmanship see it. You will be surprised. Value H
J^£5nrio« colors, maaeto or first . class , . Fron t and sides of frame $35 00. Sale price. $24.25. In three sizes. «
, "7 ' "¦¦" — "'I * °*f* 4 *Z are richly carved, has large, comfort- Beds in any color or any m
5S3.00 Parlor Suit solid mahogany, ha :id able arms# cllTVed bac k. patent detach- - R ,f e nain wi th brl«s top rods Ind 5
carved and poUshed, upholstered Feat able hinge attachment, closed safety f^?'*, ¦ *4n« 5
and back— special tale price *35 ratchet, rod support. Chair is finished mounts '*'°" H
575.00 Parlor Suit, mahogany, uphol- in golden oak, or mahogany. Loose re- Enameled Beds, with one ana one- f H
etcred seat and back, hand rubbed versible cushions, hair filled, and cov- quarter-inch pillars, bowed extension m
and polished, one of the very best ered in the newest and choicest pat- foot, heavy brass mountings and top
bargains— at S40 terns of velours, plain or figured. rods; all sizes iaiv.n*
$60.00 Parlor Suit, backs tufted in silk -' _^ , V^ tt
damask, hand rubbed and polished— Ik M H 1 __ O* .'- 1 9 4 *** **+ m
i ssir=^^ Made-Up tarpet Kugs. g
match sofa— sale price SI- " ' ¦ ¦ 5
$16.00 Parlor Chair, solid mahogany. From Remnants and Odd Pieces of Carpets and Borders. Some of q
sa^ prk"'!^.?. 1 !?.. 1 !?.;!^" SS the best car P e ts made. We quote some of the prices: It
540.00 Parlor Arm Chair, solid mahog- 9x6 feet Axminster. SS-2.1 12x10.6 feet Body Brussels._.819.50 g
any. upholstered in mohair Plush— 8x6 feet Wilton Velvet SS.OO 12x10.6 feet Wilton Velvet. .819.75 3
*,^. e P.^;'V^^r«-V;:"^">*""®r^ feet Tapestry Brussels..$5.T."> 12x10.6 ft. Tapestry Brussels $1G.OO H
n bfckrwiTh D motne'r ffSaSrSSSS 11x8.3 ft Tap?stry Brussels 812.25 12x8.3 feet Axminster |15.OO .
stered seats-caJe price $10.50 11x8.3 feet Wilton Velvet. ..815.00 11x8.3 feet Moquette S14.oO S
... If you buy it at PATTOSIEN'S it is al! right ... 3
aiBHMlBMBIWMHMIBHMWIBmBHlBIHBBMllHWlllWimillMmiMI
ADVERTISEMENTS./ ¦ ¦". ¦'¦':. '¦
tL^ c* * -/"i w^^P^yl $&'£' s>
Jp> wa i s is an^d u ced 1)
I : MERCKRIZED MADRAS SHIRT WAISTS— Looks like silk j
' '¦ — solid colorings in pinks, blues and pongee: shades — also in I .
stripes of the same shades with combinations of white — look very I 1
much like alpaca— some tucked and some hemstitched — soft I
colors— sizes 32 to. 42 — our great $2.50 line reduced for first time V
' to-morrow • . " • $l«3O Each"
I MERCfcRiZSD MADRAS SHIRT WAISTS—Similar to I
above, striped in pinks, blues and heliotropes — sizes 32 - to 42 — I
\ another lot of our creat $2.50 line reduced for the first^tirne to- I
morrow -$l-25 Each I
PERCALR SHIRT WAISTS— Plain or dotted— a neat little J
I waist with revere fronts trimmed with white bands — all sizes — I i
in pinks, Hues and lavenders— the best 75c shirt waist we have j
ever sold— reduced for first time to-morrow ....50c Each Ij
• MEXICAN CARV5D LEATftER POCKET BOOKS'— Hand-
carved — three shapes and sizes — you" always have had^ to pay '
$1.50 — beginnine to-morrow, special ........'. ! .O5c Each
¦ . ¦ i . ¦ ¦ ¦ -
¦'•".. A * .<
chbbb^h ' .^^fl^^B BC^tv EA/ff ¦9Sbi2^L H
E^DH flB M b^mI^^ m^A 1HHL B Aft TOBwv^ m jHBb
ATT. DRUGGISTS. Qr>T Pk TTVT T?TH TT
B3d3f i IS* ' *^c^J|r^^^Br*B»A*aw BuBk
M*flt . BE wa^ V^ni «ba W^m ara^sw
I J i! tisS fS'Bgs ®X*ial
Ha| fi \'Jxk 3 a>H m OB j3Shoes. Shoes: , Shoes. ¦','
To-morrow.Mr. W."F.' PIpher,'receiver
of the 1 .California • Shoe Co.,,Is going; to
sell 1000: pairs; of .ladles'* shoes and ties
wprth $2.50, each. 7 and every' pair'of • them
for. B0c a pair. These shoes are placed on
the table for you to pick from.' There ar©
all sizes In this lot. Plenty clerks to wait
on you at the bankrupt shoe ¦ sale of - the
California,. 1506 Market st., abovo City
Hallav*. . . , .;
The park band . will render the follow
ing programme of music this afternoon:
March-r-"Son of the Empire".'.'.*. ..".... .....Buck
Overture— "Merry Wives of . Windsor"... Nicolai
Scenes from < "La Boheme" :.'. .... r.v Puccini
Waltz — "Dream on-the Ocean".". .....".....Gungl
Descriptive Fantasia— "Death of Ouster"....
' • • — .."..:. .r. . . .'..'.... ;:. ...;*.- — j. Donlgan
Overtwe— "Ellsa et CIaudlo".;r.;..;Mercadante
Solo for Barytone— "The Holy City".....; Adams
Performed by W.H.Colvefd.
Finale,' second act "Alda". .".:....¦.: ..Verdi
"Senegarablan Patrol' '....'. .T. ..."....; Rosey
March— "Pride of the Navy, Oregon".
.." ;........... ...Major C. Hunt
Music in the Park.
morial services of the Native Sons of the
Golden West met Friday evening and per
fected all arrangements. It was decided
to hold the services on- the afternoon of
June 30. Native Sons' Hall wlir be beau
tifully decorated with flowers sent by the
Park Commissioners and the following
programme will be rendered:.
Orchestra; opening address by Robert P
Troy; contralto solo by. Miss Lillian Wilson-
Invocation by Supreme Justice Garoutte past
grand president of tl% order: California'Quar
tet: in • memoriam, reading: list of deceased
members of the order by. Charles A. Bolder
mann; barytone solo by.J. J. Fraser; response
by Congrressman Frank Z,. Coombs, grand
president' of the order; California Quartet; eu
logy, , Judge M. T. Doollng: benediction. Su
preme Justice Garoutte; orchestra. *
The following committee has charge of
the services: ; .'..; ¦••,\; .,»'-./•':.
Robert P. Troy, San Francisco Parlor,'chair
man; Charles A. Boldermann. . California Par
lor, secretary; W. H. Harrison, Rincon Parlor;
J. H. Roxburgh. Eaperion Parlor: Bruce Corn
wall, Stanford Parlor, and G. J. Hans, Brook
lyn Parlor." -; <• ,"••>;:-':
NATIVE SONS TO HOLD
MEMOBXAi, SEBVICES
Interesting Programme Adopted by
the Committee Having the Af
r^_ rV fair in Charge.
The committee having in hand the me-
Officers— Samuel McDowell, president; Thomas
R. Carew, first vice president; John J. Murphy,
second vice president; Samuel G. 'Drumraond,
recording secretary; James P.' Barber, financial
secretary; Richard J. Courtier, treasurer; exec
utive committee— A. B. Truman,- W.-H. Wil
liams, James Grady, Hugh J. Colvln, Philip J.
Diez; reception committee— Chief Engineer I).
T. Sullivan. ex-Assistant Chief Con Mooney,
ex-AssiFtant Chief G. \V. Kennard. ex-Asslst
ant Chief Elberton Lawton of Oakland Fire De
partment; Chief F., K. Krauth, Alameda Fire
Department; Captain .1. j; Mahoney, Engine 5;
Captain A. U. Welch. Engine 7; Captain
Charles Smith, Engine 11: Captain William E.
Kenealey. Engine 14; Captain John Doherty
Engine 17; Captain H. F. Horn, Engine 19;
Captain Henry Schmidt, Engine 20; Captain
John Maxwell, Engine 23; Captain Eugene
O'Connor, Engine 32; Captain Henry Mitchell
Engine 34; Captain W. E. Kelly. Truck 2: Cap
tain T. B. Kentzel, Truck 4; Captain William
Carew, Truck 7; Captain J.R.: Mitchell, Chem
ical 2; Captain P. Brlto, Chemical 4: Captain
Willis E. Galllten, Chemical- 5; .Captain James
Conniff, Chemical 6: RlcharrJQ>Connor, Edward
Lantgan, George T. Maxwell, Darby Laydon;
Lieutenant William Nicholson, Engine 17; Lieu
tenant S. E. Kennard, Engine 7; Lieutenant
George Styles, Engine 32; . Lieutenant John
Matheson. Engine 19; Lieutenant William Gill,
Engine 10; Lieutenant Alfred Davis. Chemical
4; Lieutenant J. P. Comisky, Truck 4.,
The officers of the association and the
committees who have charge of the ar
rangements are as follows:
The Veteran Firemen's Association is
composed of firemen who have served five
years or more since December 3, 1886, in
the San Francisco Fire Department.
The Veteran Firemen's Association will
hold its third annual picmc to-morrow
at Schuetzen Park. An interesting i pro
gramme of games and races has been ar
ranged,- and the "Vets" are leaving no
stones unturned to make ' the outing: an
unprecedented success. * The proceeds of
the picnic are to be devoted to the asso
ciation's'burial fund.
VETERAN FIREMEN. WILL _ .
1 HOLD AUNTJAL OXTTING
Various Committees Have Prepared
an Interesting Programme for
the Occasion.
BRAVE OFFICERS
ARE THE HOSTS
Pretty "Women and Gal
lant Men on Board
the Oregon. /
Soldiers «.nd Civilians at a
Swell Afternoon 9E
Reception.
Beautiful women and brave men tripped
the afternoon hours away yesterday on
board the good ship Oregon. The officers
of the ship received their friends and a
delightful three hours was spent in greet
ing the gallant hosts. Inspecting the ship,
dancing and the many etceteras that
make up a successful . social function.
Steam launches and sturdy little boats
manned by the tars from the Oregon met
the guests at Folsom-street wharf and
conveyed them to the Oregon.
The warship was In gala array in honor
of the occasion. The main deck was can
vased In and made bright with a glorious
display of the flags of all nations. Fight-
Ing machines were hidden beneath drapes
ot the stars and stripes and hung with
garlands of pungent eucalyptus. There
were growing palms everywhere and the
effect of the whole was extremely attrac
tive and artistic. .
The officers of the ship received their
guests, assisted by Mrs. Charles M.
Thomas, wife of Captain Thomas;
Mrs. A. Adams, wife of the ex
ecutive officer; Mrs. P. M. Bostwick,
wife of the navigating officer, and Mrs.
R. H. Leigh, wife of Lieutenant Leigh. ]
Several hundred invitations had been Is
sued for the affair and every one who was
fortunate enough to receive an. invitation
answered In person. The guests . came
early and remained late, and by 4 o'clock
the big ship was crowded with a happy,
fashionable and curious throng that in
spected every Inch of the big lighting ves
sel and enjoyed -to the full the generous
hospitality offered. The ; loving cup pre
sented by Mrs. -Percy T. Morgan to the
ship she christened was given the place
of honor in the cabin, and was much ad
mired. •-•'--
The members 'of the Congressional
party, Governor Gage and his stair, Mayor
Phelan and the members of the Bohemia
Club and University Club are some of the
many who were prominent among those
present.
Painless dentistry Is merely the art of
drawing it mild. '
Floor committee — A. Christiansen (chairman),
A. K. Clark, Ellas Rodecker, Robert Day,
Charles O. Jphnson, Charles Jellineck. Walter
N. Brunt.: ¦<• ,*.- i . =¦ . . ¦ ... x . ;
• Reception c6mmlttee— Max Goldman (chair
man), .Walter A. Scott, O. M. Goldaracena,
George W. Drew, Charles A. Wegener. Wil
liam C. Hacke, L. L. Solomons, Otto turn
Suden. L J. Ascheim, Harry F. Chase, James
L. Hawks, Otto F. Westphal, Charles F.
Llbby, Samuel Hansen, Louis A. Larsen, James
A. Devoto, Samuel' McKelvey, Mrs. M. E.
Bowes, Mrs. Kate C. Willats, Mrs. ¦ M. Ter
williger. Mrs. S. L. Beckwith, Mrs. T. H.
Noah, Mrs. E. H. GHnes, Mrs. M. F. Ayers,
Mrs. B. j Schleuter, Mrs. M. Kelton, Mrs.
Laura I.'Leber. Mrs. H. McPhun,' Mrs. R. M.
Pistoles!,'. Mrs. N. A.' Wood, Mrs. I* Tonning
sen. '. *-- -. - ... -
Committee on arrangements— W. W. de Win
ton (chajrman), Adolph Eberhardt, James Pat
terson, W. W. Moore, James A. Wilson. Henry
Burner, John Fischer, A. K. Coney, Richard
Herring, John J. Stofen.
Officers— Max Goldman, president; W. W.
de'Wlnton. first vice president; Adolph Eber
hart, second vice president; James Patterson,
treasurer; Peter T.. Barclay, secretary; Charles
H. Bryan, marshal; David M. Richards, tyler.
Race for Free Masons over 60 years of age—
G. Flathmann won, Captain John Stoffen sec
ond, E. S. Edwards third.
Race for daughters *of Free Masons— Belle
Smith won, Cerlta Dewey second, Mamie John
son third. >
Free for all race— Frank Wilson won, G.
Burke second, R. Raymond third..
Immediately after the games there was
the distribution of the grate prizes. . ¦ ' ¦¦
The committee on luncheon and refresh
ments, composed of John Fischer, .W. W.
Moore, F. Cavagnero, Z. Onestl, Charles
Balzerini, A. T. Barnett and Arthur M.
Blade., provided an excellent repast to
those who had not brought baskets along.
The officers of the association and the
committees in charge of the affair follow:
Race for past masters— Charles Jelllneck won,
A. J. Raymond second, Walter N. Brunt third.'
Race for wives of . Free Masons— Mrs. M.
Lang won, - Mrs. J. Harmon second, Mrs.' Sarah
HanBby third. • •
Race for men over 200 pounds— I*. C. Plstolesl
won. Captain George W. Wlttman second, C.
I* Peters third.
Race for stout ladies— Mamie Reese won,
Clara Bean second, Rose McHugh third. •
Race for ladies of the Eastern Star— Emily
Llndsey won, Miss Jennie McLaughlln second.
Miss Ivy Perkins third.
Race for boys 12 , to 17— Howard McMullen
won, Roy Estop second, Robert E. Porter third.
Race for g-lrls 12 to llr-Julla Smith won,'
Mamie Johnson second, Julia Ellis third.
St. John's day was celebrated yesterday
at Schuetzen Park by the Past Masters'
Association of California, Free and . Ac
cepted Masons,' by a reunion and picnic.
There was present a large proportion of
the membership with their families and
friends. Including many of the ladles of
the Eastern Star, Harmony and Califor
nia chapters of that order. The day was
a beautiful one and the hundreds who at
tended were In a happy mood. Lunching
under the trees, dancing and games en
gaged tho attention of all who went over
on the early boats until 2 o'clock, when
the races took place under the supervision
of a committee composed of John R. Hlll
man, Henry Zellfuss, J. C. Klmball,
Charles H. Bryan, John Tonnlngsen, M.
V. B. Taylor and A. H. Kent. The win
ners in the various events were:
Race for boys under 12— Joseph Murphy won,
Walter Kay Bccond, Bertie Hayden third.
Race for girls under 12— Marlon Richards
won. Elsie Klmball second, Edna Hall third.
Picnic at Schuetzen Park -Is
Attended by Members of
• the Fraternity.
Free and Accepted Ma
sons Celebrate . St. /
John's Day.
PAST MASTERS
HAVE OUTING
THE /SAN FRANOISCQ ?CALIiV SUNDAYv JUNE S3, 1901.
20
CALIFORHU NORTHWESTERS RT. COl
' LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
railway company.
TIburon Perry. Foot of Market St.
' San Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DAYS— 7:30, 9:00. 11:00 a. m.; .12:35,
8:30, 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:20 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:50
and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 9:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:SO. 3:30.
' 5:00, 6:20 p. m. '
San Rafael to San Francisco.
WEEK DAYS— «:10. 7:50. 9:20. 11:10 a. m.: 12:43,
3:40, 5:15 p." m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:53
and 6:33 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:10. 9:40. 11:10 a. m.; 1:40, 1:40.
5:05. 6:25 p. m.
Leave I In Effect I Arrlv?
San Francisco, f April 28. 1901.) San Francisco.
Week J Sun- I I Sun- I Week
Days. 1 days. I Destination. [ days. [ Days.
7:30 am 8:00 am Novato. 110:40 am 8:40 am
3:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma. I 6:05 pm 10:25 am
6:10 pm 6:00 pm Santa Rosa. | 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
Fulton. »
7:30 am .' Windsor. 10:25 am
6:00 pm Healdsburg. 10:40 am
Lytton.
Geyserville.
3:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:35 pm JS:IO pm
7:30 ami 5:00 pm! Hopland 110:40 am|10:25 am
3:30 pm| 8:00 am| and Uklah. | 7:35 pm| 6:20 pm
¦ 7:30 am I • 110:40 am'10:25 am
.8:00 ami Guernevllle. I 7:85 pm
8:30 pm 5:00 pm| ' | | 6:20 pm
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma 9:15 am 8:40 am
and
6:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. 6:05 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 ami 8:00 ami |10:40 am|10:25 am
3:30 pm| 5:00 pm| Sebastopol. | 7:35 pm| 6:20 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and Whit* Sulphur Springs: at Fulton
for Altrurla: at Lytton for Lytton Springs: at
Geyserville for Skaggs Springs: at Cloverdale
for the Geysers: at Hopland for Duncaa
Springs, Highland Springs, Kelseyville. Carls-
bad Springs. Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Uklah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
Springs, Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Springs, Upper Lake, Porno. Potter Valley,
John Day's, Riverside, Lierley's, Bucknell's
Eanhedrln Heights, Hullvllle. Orr*s Hot
Springs, Mendoclno City. Fort Bragg. West-
port, Usal. Wlllits, Laytonville. Cummins
Bell's Springs. Harris, Olsen's, Dyer. Scotia
and Eureka. -
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sunday round trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Office. 650 Market street. Chronlcl*
Building.
H. C. WHITING. • R..X. RYAN
: Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agt.
Santa Fe Trains
Leave Market-street Ferry Depot.
I I? 0 .? 1 I Llra ' d kOvrl'd I Local
I Dally I * F Dally | Dally
Lv. San, Fran 7 :20 a 9 :00 a 8:00 p 4-20 d
Ar. Stockton. 10:18 a lt:45 a 11:10 p 7^18 b
;; Merced . 12:22 p 1:17 p i : i 9 2 sal 5
"Fresno .. 2:0o p 2:35 p 3 05 a 10-50 n
— Hanford. 3:12 p 3:27? 7:08 1 "•".?.
" Visalia .. 3:40 p .... 4 -48 a
" Bakersf'ld 6:15 p 5:20 p 7 : 30a **
".Kans. Cy 2:40 a li30 a '.'.I'.""
" Chicago 2;i5 p 9:0o p .".""
a for morning p for afternoon. "
a. m., train Is the California Liml
lted, leaving Monday and Thursday only
carrying Palace Sleeping Cars and Dining
Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car ran?
to Bakersfleld for . accommodation oT K
first-class passengers. . No . second-clSs
tickets honored on this train. Co™«ind-
Fridly. " at 5:M P - m - T^aTiTnd
4:20 p. m, la Stockton and Fresno local
Corresponding train arrives at 12:30 p" m!
8:00 p. jn.'ls the Overland Express with
through Palace and Tourist SleenirVi .V,3
Frea Reclinlns Chair Ca« to Chfcag^
also Palace Sleeper, which cuts' out «
Fresno. Corresponding train arrives at 5-53
p. m. dally. «••«»
7:20 a. m. Is Bakersfield Local stoiT»i«»
at all points in San JoaqulnAraii«T y P Co *'
responding train arrives at 8:40 a m" diiiv
Ofrtce»-«41 Market street and In Fer^
Depot. San Francisco; U13 Broadway ©17
STATEMENT
OF THE^
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
— -OF THE
National Standard
INSURANCE COMPANY
/\F NEW YORK. In* the State of New York
*-* on the 31st day of December, A. D. 1900
and fcr the year ending on that day,' as made
to the Insurance Commissioner of the State
of California pursuant to the provisions of
sections 610 and. 611 of the Political Code, con-
densed as per blank furnished by th« Com-
mlesloner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up !
In Cash $200,000 00
ASSETS. .
Cash Market Value of all Stocks And
Bonds owned by Company....; J423.G50 00
Cash In Company's Office '. g 64
Cash In Banks 63,151 17
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans:... 2 436 61
Premiums In .due Course of Collec- : -
_ tlon , •• - 58.511 08
Due from other Companies for Re-
Insurance on losses already paid... , 1,552 00
• .Total Assets S549,310 60
LIABILITIES.
Looses adjusted and unpaid.'......... • $2 218 00
Losses In process of Adjustment or
In Suspense 15.634 00
Losses resisted, Including expenses.. 1,653 00
Gross premiums • on Fire Risks run- • •
nln* one year or lees, $228,617 71:
reinsurance 60 per cent -. 114 SOS 86
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run- •
nlngr more than one year, $51,995 38;
reinsurance pro rata 80 128 36
All other Liabilities 291637 43
Total Liabilities $183,616 65
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for Fire
premiums ; $238,879 53
Received for interest and dividends
on Bonds, Stocks,' Loans, and
from all other sources. 13 292 18
Received for profit on sale of Bonds. 25)750 00
Total Income $277,921 77
EXPENDITURES. '
Net amount paid for Fire Losses
(Including $ -.losses of previ- '
* ous years) $180,903 27
Net amount paid for Marine : Losses
'(Including $ ," losses of previ-
ous years) 264 34
Dividends to Stockholders 24,000 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or'
Brokerage 72,935 65
Paid for Salaries, Fees : and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc 2,765 00
Paid . for State, National and Local • ,
taxes 7,820 36
All other payments and expenditures ¦ 2,234 89
Total Expenditures .......' $291,022,71
Losses Incurred during; the year...... $167,835 61
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year $38,655,272 "$404,98761
Net amount of Risks
expired during the ¦ '¦'¦
' year 34,235,215 817.669 35
Net amount In force . • • .
December 31. 1900 25,466,863 280,613 09
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausallto Perry.
Commencing April 28. 1901.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLET
AND SAN RAFAEL.
"WEEK DATS— 6:55. 3:30, «>:30. 11:00 a. m.
12:45. '1:4s. 3:15. 4:15. >5:15. *SAS, «:45 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San
Rafael on Mondays. Wednesdays, Saturdays
and Sundays at 9:30 and 11:40 p. in. -
SUNDAYS— 7:C0. S:00. «9:00. •10:00. 11:00. n-30
a. m.. 12:45. *l:30, 2:30. »3:43. 5:00, 8:00. 7:39
p. tn. 11:00 a. m. does not run to San Rafael
Sundays.
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DAYS— »5:25. 8:27. 7:47. 8:35. io-ij
a. n>.. •12:25. 1:15. 2:20. »3:35. 4:40. 5:30 p. nu
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. "Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 8:45 and 10:00 p. m.
SUNDAYS— «:15. •8:00. 9:45, •11:00 a. m.. *13
m.. 1:00. 2:15. *3:30. 4:30. *a.*5. 8:45. 7:30. 10:19
p. m. .
Trains marked (•) start from San Quentln
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO*
WEEK DAYS— 5:45. 8:43. 7:53. 8:55, 10:30
a. m.. 12:35. 1:45. 2:45. 3:50. 5:10. 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesday*
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:35. 8:00. 10:C5. 11:10 a. m., 12:15. .
1:20, 2:3C, 3:45. 5:00. 8:15. 7:15, 10:30 p. nx
., ¦'¦'. THROUGH TRAINS.
"8:53 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way sta-
tions. . 'Aaaj'^isf*
»:15 p. m. Saturdays— Cazadero and way sta-
tions, -ih uim*n»_jf**mtit*'mmwmmm m
5:15 p. m. w««lc days (Saturdays exceptod)—
Torealea ¦ and way stations.
I a. m. Sundays— Cazadero and way ttatlona.
10:00 a. m. Sundays— Point Reyes ana war
stations* _ . . . , . • -
Call, $1.QO per' Year.
ROBERT C. RATHBONE, President.
R. BLEECKER RATHBONE, Secretary.
Eubscrlbed and sworn to i- before ¦ me this
Itth fiay of January. 1901.
GEO; O. RUGER, Notary Public.
JOEL FRANCIS FREEMAN, President.
EMIL. E. PIEPER, Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me, this 26th
fiay of January, 1901.
GEO. O. RUGER, Notary Public.
% i-^*QiIl^IC; DEPARTmENT.
C. A. HENRY GO, General Agents,
215 Sansome Street, San Francisco, Cal.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC.
Tralnt l«"i»*t» mill nro •luo im nrrl>« •»»
MAN VKAN«:iN«:«».
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street.)
leave — Frou Juki 16. 1901. — arrivb
'sou* Bunlcla, Sulsuu, Klmira, Vacaville,
Itumsey aud •Saorameuto.. ' 0:S9r.
7i3»a Martinez, Hau Itamuii, Vallejo, N»|ia, >
CaliBtnga ami .Santa Uosa Hs23p
8:00 a Davis. Woodland. Knicbts Laodlof,
M ar jsiille. I tro»ill« '. 7:5-t p
SiOOa Atlautio Kxpresa— Ogden aud East ia>S3r
Mto«u Nile*, Lathrop, Stockton 7»2>f
SiOOa NUes, Mendota, Hanfurd, Viialla,
Portertille ¦ 4:53p
»:3O a Shuta Express— DavU, Williams (for
Bartlett Springs), Willows, Kml
.Bluff, Portland. : 7:3Sr
•iUOa Ban .line, Livttrmore, .Stockton,
Iona, Sacrauifiito. Placervili*,
M-irysvlll,-, Oliicii, He.l IthilT 4>3Sp
¦iSOa Oakilalp, Chinese (Yoaemlte), So-
- nora. Carters l:XSp
»:««a Huyward, Nilesaud Waj Statlout.. 1 IxSSa
9rO«A. Vtllejo : I2i23r
0:O« a Los Angeles Express — Martinet.
Tracy, Latlirop. Sr.ocktou, Meroeu
Fresno anil Los Angeles : ~ 7i2Sr
•>8OA Vnllrjo, Martinez anil Way .Stations ?tlt3p
IttiOUAThe Overland Liinlted-Ogdei), Den-
Tcr, Omaha, Chicagu -. 6tlt3p
i ItOApHacrmnentn ltl>er Ut«»ni«ra t 3l0 "A
:li3«p Ilayward. Nile* ami Way .Stations.. 7t33p
4««»r lleiileta. Winters, Haoraiuento, " r-r.
Wooilland, KniuliU Luuiliug,
M»rj«Tilli-, Oriiilllu. 10:83a
¦liOOpMurMnr/.. Han Kaition, Vailejo,
N:i|ni. <.'HllNtoKH, SkiiU Hosa "titSA
¦f iOOf Nilei, Llv?nnore. Stockton. IkxII... l3;'J5r
. 4<:t»f Htywinl, Wiles, .San .luae, Llrtrmore f&iS^A
4tS«>p Port Uob a, Tracy, Latbrori, Stockton IO:25a
3:00pTIi« Owl 'Limited— Fresno, Tulare,
Bakersfiulil, Hangtia for Santa Uar>
bara r lioa Angoles SiSSt
8:00r Martinrz, Antioch, Stockton, Mer-
ced, Fresno lS:25r
3:O«p Yosemite.. :.... ISiSSf
BtitOr New Orleans Exprex*— Mendota,
Fresno, Bakersbeld. Los Angeles,
¦.¦-.-• •->. ¦; Dcming, El Paso, New Orleans
and Etst 7s5Sa
fl:«Hlp Ilay ward, Miles and 8an Jose 7i»Sa
fOtOttp Vnllejo IIiSSa.
• fliOttr Oriental Mail— Ogden, Cheyenne. ¦
Omaha, Cbloago 12:23p
8:OOr Oriental Mail— Ogden, Denier,
St. Louts. Ohloago 4iSSp
7iUOp Oregon and California ISj|>rtm>,Ha».
¦¦ . . rninento, MarysTllIe, ICediling,
Portlnnil. I'liKdl Noiiml and Kasi SiSSa
SiOSp San Pablo, Port Costa, Martlnes
ami Way Htatious 11:23a
l»:03p VallBJo... ;...; 7t».y
COAST LINE (Narrow «»a K e).
(Foot at Mnrkut Street.)
t~>43A Santa Oruz Excursion to danta Crux
and Principal Way SUtlons J8:O3 p
8:15a Nenrark,Cmit»Mllle,8an Jose.FeUon, '
' Uoulder Creek.Banta Oruz aud Way
Mtatlons StSVp
t»i 1 a>p Newark Center? illu. Sail Jose, New
Aliimcloii, Felton, llonlder Creek,
' -' Bantu Cruz and Principal Way - -
Stations ;..... IOi.TOa
' 4«l.1p Newark, San .lose, I,os Gatos.. t>tn»A
" e * il 3p Olenwood. Boulder Creek, Santa Crn» « Wi3Oa
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
From SIN FRANCISCO— Fool of Market Street (Slip 8)—
t7:15 . »:00 11:00a.U. 1:00 3:00 B:15r.M.
rremOltUNO— r«*l *t Britlwa?.— 1«:00 18:00 tS:OS
10:00a.m. 13:00 8:00 i:Oflr.it.
COAST LINE (llroad (Jange).
(Thlnl uud Townseud Sts.)
. Hi I »a Ban Jose and Way stations. Ui3«p
(7:00A Hau Jose and Way Stations I:SU P
/7i«"a New Aluiaden / 4ilO?
t7i30A Sunday Exoursion for San Jose,
- . " . . Santa Oruz. Pacific Gro?e and
- ¦ Principal Way Stations iS:3Op
SiOOa Hau Juso, Tres Pino*. Uaiita Cn».
Paclllo (Inne, Halinis. Ban Luis
Obispo, 8anta Barbara and Prin-
• cilial intermediate .Stations '.. 7i8«)p
IOiSOa. San Jcse and Way Stationk -liiop
IIiHOa Han Jose ami Way .Stations ........ StilOp
i tS:43rSan Mateo, Redwood, Meulo Park,
; v; - . " . . Palo Alto. .Santa Clara. Man Jose, '
, / Tres Pinos, Banta Crux,' Salinas.
Monterey anil r»cllio (Jr.iTe tin:4.1t
¦: BiaOpHan Jose and Way Stations ..'..'.... 0:80*
' t4ilRr Ban Jose and Principal Way Stations Ui43a
t&t00r8an Jobs, Los Gatoa and Principal
• > Way SUtlons. . .:..........: fOtOOA
SiSOp San.lose aud Principal WayStatlons Si36a
•tOOr Redwood, Han Jose, Gilroy. SaUoas,
_ -*' _8anta Barbara, Loi' Angeles..... . IOiOOa
6iO«p Del Monte, Monterey, Paoflfl GroTe,
: Loiopoc ........;.,.. IOiOOa
¦iSOp San Jose and Way .Stations. ........ t*<«'"A
ttll»4Bp San Josa-Kiid Way HUtlons 7iB0p
' A for Morning. , , *- P for Afternoou.
t Riinday excoiited. ." ' J Sunday only,
a Saturday only. \ . : ; ¦ « Monday
e Saturday sni Sunday. / Tugsdayg and Fridays.
WfiBHy Ci IliOO wM
STATEMENT
OP. THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
. —OF THE
Assurance Company
OF AMERICA
OF KEW YORK, in the State of New. York,
on the Sl»t day of December, A. D. 1900,
and for the year ending on that day, aa made
to the Insurance Commissioner of the State
of California pursuant to the provisions of
sections 610 and €11 of th« Political Code, con-
densed as per blank furnished by the Com-
missioner. -' CAplTAU
m &^™..^.*?*.** <200,000(K>
JLSSETS. 'ii : ¦
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and .
Bonds ownefl by Company.......... J434.306 15
Cash m-Company** Offlr* X W 07
Cash in Banks -• 80.5S0 .3
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans I.27S 59
Premiums In due Course of Collec-
tlon ; 63.Z58 00
I>ue from other Companies for Re-
Insurance on losses already paid... 1.557 00
Total AtKtt - $520. 9S8 E4
U ABILITIES.
bosses adjusted and unpaid J1.086 00
Xoeses In process ©f Adjustment or
In Suspense 15,012 00
Teases resisted, including expense*. - 250 00
Gross nremlums on Fir« Risks run- .
Sn» cnTVear or lew. $218,869 40;
insurance BO per cent 109,484 70
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run- 1
nins more than one year. $61,524 07;
reinsurance pro rata 84,277 11
¦Ml other Liabilities 27,049 92
Total Liabilities $191,109 74
INCOME.
JCet cash actually received for Fire
rtremlums • -'• $225,288 40
received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds, Stocks. Loans, and
Irom all other sources U.904 82
Received tor pro&t on sale of Bonds . 8,960 66
Total Income $243,152 £8
EXPENDITUREa
JCet amount paid for Fire Losses
(Including $ > losses of previ-
ous years) i r S—\- J183.S12 73,
JCet amount paid for Marine Losses
(Including: %¦ ¦. losses of previ-
ous years) '. 452 S3
Dividends to Stockholders ; \ 24,000 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerare 71,686 34
Paid for Salaries, Fees and other
charges for ofn<*ers. clerks, etc.... 8,085 00
Paid for State. National and Local
taxes 6,319 25
'All other payments and expenditures 2,845 82
Total Expenditures $292,202 23
: .. Fire.
losses Incurred during the year $156,760 72
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
. JCet amount of Risks
written during: the
year $37,8«,2J4 $594,632 69
JCet amount of Risks
expired during the • •
year - 34.628,933 328.524 86
JCet amount In force
December 31. 1300 25.624,823 280,393 47
ADVERTISEMENTS.
FREE TO WEAK MEN.
A New and Successful Method
of Restoring Weakened Phys-
ical Powers, Curing Sexual
Weakness, Nerve Exhaustion
and Lost Vitality.
The Prescription Is Sent Free to Any-
one Who Writes. ;
A new scientific means of curing weaknesses
of men and diseases peculiar to the aex has
at . last been discovered, and the prescription
is being offered free to all who send name and
address. •;.¦••. . ,, ; :,- ; \
¦ Dr. ,' U. G. 1 1/lpes, 1 1435 Stevenson building,
Indianapolis, Ind., is the discoverer of this
remarkable new system of treatment, . and he
says there is now no difficulty in curing the
worst cases which may arise from diseases of
this nature.
The Doctor has made a Ions study of Sexual
Disorders and he claims to have found the
exact medicine which removes/all 'traces of
debilitating disease from the -human- system,
restores the fire and buoyancy of youth, and
supplies the- strength of body and nerves that
all wish for but so few possess. Impotency,
nightly emissions, varieoeele, nervousness and
kindred troubles' disappear in a marvelously
short ¦ space of time, while any weakened or
emaciated organs are restored in a vjery few
days to their natural size and vigor. ' .
When you stop to consider the possibilities
of loving and being loved as only strong, well
and happy men can be it does seem that any
sexually, weak man should no longer hesitate,
but write at once for the receipt which costs
absolutely nothing. There are no restrictions
whatever, as Dr. Llpes is anxious that every
afflicted man who needs it should have the
benefit of one of his free prescriptions with-
out delay. The treatment can be used in the
privacy of your own home without the knowl-
edge of even your most Intimate friend or as-
sociate.
Write to-day and learn that while the re-
ceipt costs you nothing at all, it may change
your whole existence from one of misery to
a continuous life of pleasure and happiness, i
World Famous Marian] Tonic
MOST EFFECTIVE OF ALL
TONICS.
MOST AGREEABLE TO THE
TASTE.
All Druggists. Refuse Substitutes
jfjSjBrjlll^ iVLEN and
|»1ap£ WOMEN;
.«»A£JgSl*3ft?y-jffijMy^-| can obtain renewed
* '*tpftmiLXlBG&L s \ ' strength and vigor
' Jy^fltmrlv^vSV k y the use of "Dr.
/ffi?iIiV{\> Plerce's (latest lm-
' - . ', appliances. Drugs
do not cure. Electricity is the remedy!
Buy no Belt until you see "Dr. Pierce' s,"
for it is the BEST and the lowest in price.
E7Call at office or send a 2-cent stamp
for new "Booklet No. 2." Address PIERCE
ELECTRIC CO.. 206 Post et.. San Fran-
Cisco. New York office— 1145 Broadway. -
Jvi.IT DR. JORDAN'S OREATi
{MUSEUM OF ANATOMY)
f ' 9 »51UABKTSX.liit. 6&*7th, SJ.Cd. i
\ J^f " The LarreM Anatomical Museum in the \
9 sdlbte World. Weaknesses or any contracted A
i WOfBn disease positively cared by the oldest T
W IBBl Specialist on the Coast Est 3« years. Q
SlSmZi DB> JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN i
PCjBjpl Contulution free and strictly private. \
J UWN Troatmcnt personally or by letter. A A
¦ ff VI ¦ Posidv* Cure in erery case undertaken. , T
f If II A w rite for Book. PHILONOPRY of A
1 H P HABniAGG, MAILED FREE. ( A V
A 0 (£ valuable book for mm) , .' \
W- MB. JORDAN A CO.; 1051 MarketHt.. S. F. f
.RAILWAY TRAVEL.
?to SmmUs* Fwtj— Fwt of Market St.
6:00 A. St. V f 12:15 p. m.
•52a.m. ' 1:15p.m.
• ...... ;«U N 1,ATS....... »;30j; «;
IMr.is. »:fi0F.M. t
1lm! _ We answer the
Questions briefly. If
jr^~f <£^jk you cut an artery
f >Rw?sS» in your arm you do
/ Ai22?^$?& not take internal
)2*s YvSftvi medicine to stop the
/ *r*S»?M flow o f blood. YOU
C\ *''£*'%$ USE LOCAL AP-
7»J %££**Vr- PLICATION'S. Sira-
(/* *9sr I ilarly when the ure-
VaRtg* SIl tnral ducts become
jin kS7uk.*.\ weakened and re-
'axed it Is ridicu-
•*2uhimLJT2LlxJ!r i OU s to take inter-
• nal treatment,
which must pass through the stomach
anfi urine before it reaches the seat of
disease. -The seminal ducts project into
th« urethral canal through the Prostate
Glend, and are easily reached by LOCAL
TREATMENT.
Dr. Carter's "Gran-Solvent** soluble
Bougies will dissolve, digest and forever
remove
Urethral Stricture
In 15 days, without pain, injury or incon-
venience. The bougies are Inserted at
night and act while you sleep. "Gran-
6olvent" removes every symptom of stric-
ture, leaving the canal as healthy as when
nature formed it No BRUTAL CUT-
THCG OR DILATING. NO INJECTIONS
TO IRRITATE THE MEMBRANE. NO
Varieoeele Is an accumulation of slug-
pish blood In the veins of the scrotum
due solely to Imperfect circulation, and
has Its origin in a diseased and torpid
Prostate Gland. Operations In this dis-
ease are only temporary, and no me-
chanical device yat discovered has cured
a single case. <«5ran-Solvent heals the
ProstAte and restores healthy circulation.
Varieoeele disappears and the sluggish
accumulation is replaced by pure,
healthy red blood.' -i.^.r
Thousands of men strictured. weak,
waetlnff and despondent were cured and
restored, by the St. James method last
year. A* vast army of men In whom the
iieht of J Hfe has penetrated the fearful
nightmare of stricture and seminal de^
cay. -
Varieoeele.
INTERNAL DRUGGING TO RUIN THE
STOMACH. The St James treatment Is
local, direct and positive. <¦'.
Tho St. James treatment Is prepared In
the form of Crayons, very narrow
smooth, flexible and wholly soluble, which
are inserted into the water passage at
night, where they dissolve and deposit the
medication In Its full strength » upon tha
Prostate Gland, contracting- and strength
eninjr the ducts and FOREVER STOP-
PING DRAINS AND EMISSIONS and
curing whila. the patient sleeps.
Space will not permit a complete description of the lncompar- ng qbk bbi naj
fcble St. James Treatment in urethral diseases. Every sufferer |j^ U X nT^ w$
from Stricture and its offspring:, Prostatltis and Seminal 'Weak- H H H m em
ness should write to the St. James Association, 250 St. James B^ Bag Mm pi
Bldg-. Cincinnati. Ohio, for their wonderful Illustrated work show- B" f|B H^ H^
ing the parts of the human system involved in' urethral all- m 1|| Q
raents, whicb, they will send securely wrapped in plain package, w | | B,-, t_
prepaid m m ¦ n ***
St. James Assn., 250 St. James Block, Cincinnati, O.
fl[ 22 flf a9 til i& #V R WMttf C IB fSBi^h 639 aflaffal tF^\ aaa9 (9S9at \PKL 3
BmShF B a *"P^» H mm t3 En X^( P J*y I? ijl , pPCa pjfa C QnK D
Why the Frightful Tension of Stricture is Dissolved Like Snow
Beneath the Sun— IN FIFTEEN DAYS.
Why Weak Men Are Restored by the Magic St. James Treatment
Applied Locally and Directly to the Affected Parts.
r^ k» the* flesh heals in a- few days,
lf^ t nature supplying the healing
%£ £h ff^ 43^ C^ . b . alm "^ ior . m of healthy, new blood; but when the
WHS H^ ' c i rcu l at i° n is tainted with poisonous germs, humors or any
<JF \F M VV effete matter, a slight scratch or abrasion of the skin
becomes a festering sore, tiny pimples grow to be boils, ,
6xrollen joints and inflamed glands often break out into offensive, slow healing
sorcs.^ A polluted blood is always a menace to health ; not only does it keep the
skin in a chronic state of inflammation, but eyery organ and fibre of the body
suffers from an impure and sluggish circulation. ' You never feel well, you are not
and never can be well until the system is relieved of its terrible load of impuri-
ties. With the blood so contaminated, so deeply poisoned, ulcers, boils and
sores of every kind are apt to become chronic and often develop into Cancer
Sores and ulcers are most _. _. A . , ¦
often caused by poverty of -* V,?^ J^ ffl J lct ?? w i th «. a 8evoro «>re lefcaad
the blood and a weak and th » kno « to tho foot wai one solid sor«,
ine Diooa ana a weak ana which -was vary offensive. I spent over $1,000
slow Circulation, brought on on two trip, to Hot Springs, and local plural-
by long continued sickness, dang treated me to no purpose. I had about
malarial poisoning, torpid decided to have my leer amputated, when a
liver, the use of mercury, or ****** induced me to try S. S. S. I began to
whatever is calculated to de- taks y° UP medicine, and In the short spaoe of
KtroVSevitSrvof tf£ Wood 8Ovon """^ " nas completely and thoroughly
23wfv55S w£ i%r i^J*''^* U * iu a today as to what
cad break down the constitu- s. S. S. will do when taken regularly. The sore
taoa. These old chronic sores has healed entirely and my health has improved
last sometimes for years, eat- wonderfully. I have already pained SO pounds.
ing into the flesh, muscles, _, „.. J « B « TALBERT,
tissues, and even down into Box 24B> Wlnona, Misg.
the bones, and are such a tax upon the system that it is hard for the patient to
recuperate, and a simple malady often proves fatal. • ;> .-,
Nothing 60 quicklj or surelj restores lost strength and vitality to the blood as
S. S. S. It is an antidote for the severest forms of Blood Poison, as well as the
irritating humors that cause the eruptions and sores that sap your very Hfe and so
greatly disfigure you. S. S. S. is the only guaranteed purely vegetable blood puri-
fier. It contains no mercury, potash, arsenic or other hurtful drug. It cleanses
the blood and purifies the circulation, thus ridding the system of the impurities
that keep the sores feverish and painful. At the same time your Renera£health
improves under the tonic effects of S. S. S., and the skin becomes soft, smooth
and healthy. If you are troubled with boils, carbuncles, sores or eruptions of any
sort, write our physicians all about your case; don't risk vour own judgment
¦when you can get medical advioe from experienced doctors free.- Book on Blood
and Skin Diseases to all who desire it
THE SWIFT SPECIFIC COMPANY, ATLANTA, Q A.
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
¦ • ' ' ' AJVTr^TISETIll isim'xS. __¦_¦.'*.- , - -- -..-_.-un_ k .
¦¦hi B^DuB H m HnvV^v JSSK f JHT BKh IVw *My ** ' Brfvliw 11 U \
TIL.LMANN & BENDEL. Distributers. s
I In sc Tourist
SLOTINGXAR
S Pintsch gas, marble wash- |T^**<*»Z~~li
H ALL the modern improve- a
M They ltave San Francisco Tues- n^Sf """"^tl&x^ fe^^B
S days and Thursdays — Omaha. Chi- mAwtfl \!ilill?j|
Cheap Rates
East -a
Santa Fe
The places, the rates for
- the round trip and tha
dates of sale are below.
The other details can ba
had* of the Santa Fe agents.
BUFFALO, $87.00
July 3, 4; Aug.- 22, 23;
Sept. 5, 6.
CHICAGO, $72.50
July 20, 21.
CINCINNATI. $76.50
June 30 and July 1.
CLEVELAND, $82.50
Sept. 5 and 6.
COLORADO SPRINGS' $55
July 8 and 9.
DETROIT, $82.25
July 1 and 2.
LOUISVILLE, $77.50.
Aug. 20 and 21.
MILWAUKEE, $74.50
July 17 and 18.
The best service and the
pleasantest way is' fur-
nished by the
Santa Fe
641 MARKET ST.
- -, •,¦_>„...¦
Illinois
Central R. R.
SPECIAL ROU\O-TR!P
TICKETS FOR SALE.^
June 30, July 1, Cincinnati and re-
turn —
$76,50
July 1 and 2, Detroit and return —
$82.25
July 3 and 4, Buffalo and return—
$87.00
July 3 and 4 — Chicago and return —
$72.50
Return Limit 60 Days.
\V. H. SNEDAKER. General
Agent,
648 Market st. Chronicle Bldjr.
APV H-.K/iM^^WTRTPPa.NEAH BAY— Passed out June 22— Bktn Ha
waii, from Chemainus, for Tsln.
Passed o>:t June 22— Stmr Progrreso. from
Tactma, for San Francisco; Ital ship Chrlsto
bal Soler.- from Port Hadlock, for Iqulque.
Passed ln June 22 — Danish bark Sixtus, from
Manila, for Puget Sound; stmr Matteawan,
• hence June 19.
TACOMA— Sailed June 22— Schr Comet, for
San Pedro;. schr Philippine, for San Pedro.
• Arrived June 22 — Schr Glendale, from San
Pedro; stmr Victoria, from China and Japan.
Sailed June 22 — Stmr Prosreso, for San Fran
cisco; stmr Al-Kl, for , Dyea. . .
SAN PEDRO-Salled June 22-Schr Guide,
.• for Grays Harbor; stmr South Coast, for San
Francisco. • . ¦ .'¦•
PORT GAMBLE— Arrived June 22— Schr Ida
Schnauer, hence June S. ¦ •
BANDON— Arrived June 22— Schr Conflanza,
hence June 6.
ASTORIA— Sailed June 22— Stmr Geo W El
der, for San Francisco.
SUNDAY. JUNE 23.
FROM SEATTLE.
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of tha
day ln the order of occurrence as to time of
day; the third time column Rives the last tido
of the day, except when there are but three
tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights given
are in addition to the soundings on tho United
States Coast Survey charts, except when a
minus (— ) sign precedes the height, and then
the number given is subtracted from the depth
given by the charts. The plane of reference Is
the mean of the lower low. waters.
Steamer Movements.
TO ARRIVE.
The law may limit- a 'man's* acts but It
can't limit his thoughts. • :
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographlo Office, U. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal.,
June 23. 1891.'.
: The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
1 e at noon of the 120th meridian, or at 8
o'clock I p. bl. Greenwich jtl"^^
Lieutenant, U. S. N., retired, ln charge. ¦
syndicate. The mine was located In 1SCT
and some work was done by a company
during the succeeding two years. Finally
the company abandoned the project ana
the entire stock fell into the hands of Sir.
Kaston. Copper was first discovered in
Colusa County in 1S63 on the south side of
Little Stony Creek by P. M. Rice and J. B.
Turner. Nine companies to wor* in the
county were incorporated, but the low
price of copper at that time and the small
amount of *re taken out caused the aban
donment of a large number of claims that
had been worked more or less. The syndi
cate now leasing the LJon mine' will de
velop the property. ~« l ;"
The Balakala mining property in Shasta
County will remain in the hands of the
Balakala Mining Company for the pres
ent. Tho Superior Court has perpetually
enjoined the Iron Mountain Investment
Company, which is better known as the
exploration branch of the Mountain Cop-
The water supply In the northern coun
ties is beginning to fail. Mines on tha
Klamath have either closed or win bo
compelled soon to close.
The Downleville Messenger reports that
the Thistle shaft mine on the north banlc
of Slate Creek, near the mouth of Wal
lace Creek, in Sierra County, will be re
opened. The hydraulic mine at I* Porte.
Sierra County, has resumed work with a
full force of men under stipulation.
per Company, Limited, to occupy or worte
the property. This decision grew out ot
a suit upon the question of tha light to
purchase the property, under an agree
ment, for $225,000. The owners deny a
current story that tho property has been
sold. ¦..'•,
The Santa Barbara Independent says
that the Alcatraz Asphalt mine, in Santa
Barbara County, 'will be ln running order
ln about sixty days.
MUCH CONTROVERSY ARISING OVER THE GOLD
DREDGING OPERATIONS ALONG FEATHER RIVER
The gold dredging operations along the
Feather River have given rise to a con
troversy among the newspapers published
ln the interior. On one side such papers
as the Woodland Democrat and^the Co
lusa Sun are Inclined to discuss the ulti
mate effect upon Butte County. The Oro
vllle Mercury, on the other hand, speaks
of the prosperity which dredging for gold
has brought to Oroville. Already there
are warm expressions of opinion. Tho |
Sun paints a picture of the future when
it foresees that "as the gold will have
been taken out Oroville will have a big
hole, a pile of bowlders and a burrowing
place for badgers, skunks, rattlesnakes
and owls." The Woodland Democrat says
that "about 4000 acres of the most pro
ductive bottom land has been acquired by
mining companies; some of the finest or
chards in the State are disappearing and
the dredger is sterilizing land that has
heretofore produced enormous crops of
hay and grain. Wherever the dredger
operates tho soil disappears, and there is
not earth enough left to sprout the hard
iest plant known." The Democrat also
says:.;
That "dredger mining in that district is a
profitable enterprise is absolutely certain. Men
of experience and capital are engaging in it.
Dredgers are multiiilylng and they are ln
operation day and night. But it is an enter
prise that destroys 'the eouice from which It
derives its ¦ wealth. An acre of land that la
worth $300 or $100 to-day may be absolutely
valueless next month. The gold that Is washed
out of the soil is not invested in local enter-'
prises. It is not utilized to develop the re
sources and add to the assessment roll of the
county. It is shipped out of the county and
only ¦ ao much of it ' ever comes back as is
necessary to keep up repairs and pay the few
men employed. The capital is in the main for
eign and the men who furnish it live else
where and employ the income derived from
tne dredging enterprise to increase their wealth
and permanent investments in another State
and possibly, ln another country.
Tlie Miners' Vie^w.
The Oroville Mercury presents the other
side of the matter in a long article, from
which some extracts are taken:
There are about 200 men employed in and
on and about the dredgers in this vicinity and
they receive an average of about $100 per
month each, i The total of salaries Daid by
these dredgers is about $20,000 per month. The
evidences of the prosperity to which the dredg
ers have contributed are to be seen on every
hand. During the past two years there has
scarcely ever been a vacant dwelling ln the
town and new ones have been building all the
time.. At. the present time there are seven or
eight houses ln process of construction, some
of them elaborate and expensive. ¦ The build-
Ing has not been confined to residences alone.
Within the past two years two. of the hand
somest-business buildings in Northern Califor
nia, solid and substantial ln construction, ele
gant ln ¦ design and finish, have been built
here. They stand as monuments to the faith
our business men have in the future of the town.
• • • .We have a thousand square miles of
land just as . grood aa that the dredgers -are
plowing • ud.' We have thousands of acrea of
better fruit land in our foothill regions and
with a better fruit climate. The dredgers
work ''in low land where frost sometimes nips
the fruit crop in the bud. - The foothill lands
of the thermal belt which the valley people, in
their provincialism, persist in calling "poor,"
are the best fruit lands, in the State. Butte
County- foothill growers of. deciduous fruits
are securing better returns on their Invest
ments to-day than any other deciduous fruit
growers in America, while : Butte County foot
hill oranges are, the earliest and best in the
State and yield more clear money ' to the acre
than 'many valley farms yield to. the square
mile.-. -,.-.• .;.;.. - . .-¦ -, ... ¦:¦ . • .; \~ ¦ ¦ :
The great deal of the month in mining
properties was the transfer of the Sweep
stakes gravel mine In Trinity County, four
miles ' from >. Weaver ville. The " price was
$6,000,000, approximately... The development
of the Sweepstakes property will be on a
huge scale.. Twenty r eight miles of 36-Inch
pipe, to cost* $420,000, and to carry, under
pressure. 5000 inches , of water: 10,000 i feet
of siphon pipe, having a 1000-foot pressure;
a half-mile of tunnels. will be required.
Every foot of the pipe will be burled for
protection to keep it ;: from being swept
away by 'heavy, slides: ¦•'¦ The mine includes
2000 acres on Orange Mountain, at an ele
vation of 2000 feet above Weaver Basin,
and - lies :- ln an ancient 1 river, channel.
Frank H. Hall Is in charge of the work
of fitting ; up for beginning mining ; next
January. -The cost of equipping the prop
erty; : is estimated . at $600,000. About 1000
men<wlll be employed. at once. . .
The Lion copper mine, In Colusa County.'
six miles- south of Stonyford; as reported
by F. W. Easton, has been - leased to a
TO SAIL.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United- States Coast and Geodetic < Survey—
Times and Heights of High • and Low
\Jaters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-flv« minutes later than at Fort Point
tn« height of tide Is the same at both places.
IQUIQUE— ln port: May 17— Ger ship Erato.
'«— • May 27— Br. ship Olivebank. for .
SLEZ— Sailed June 9— Br stmr Glenroy, for
China and Taeoma.vr".- ¦ ¦>• -
BRISTOL BAY-In port May 2S-ShlD In-
A^',*™? Al £ H 2 % shlD John Currier, hno
TS" 1 -? 01 bark Guy c Goss. hence April 21
fanS h W ° Br ? th f, rs i , hence A P rfl " ¦?»" Sol
lano, hence April 27; schr J M Weatherwax.
from Astoria; ship Occidental, hence April 16.
In port May 29-Shlp McLaurln, hence Apr 6.
FOREIGN PORTS.
! *-<*»; -^
HAKODATE-Sailed June , 21-Ship W F
Babcock. for San Francisco. ' .
CEXTRAL AMERICA-Arrlved June 4-Ger
vlr^fm?™' A en . Ce May *• for Hamburg.
dee A hen?e UT Fib A 12. rlVe<1JUne 21 " Fr bark fln "
w MELBOURNE— Arrived prior to June 21— Br
*££ Glosscao. from Port Blakeley.
VLADIVOSTOK— Arrived June 2— Nor stmr
Tyr, from Astoria.
KINSALE-Passed June 21-Br ship Andreta,
from Portland, for Queenstown.
LIZARD— Passed June 21— Ger shto Alster
mp i,.l rom Portland, for Queenstown; Br
ship Silberhorn, hence Feb 27. and ordered to
proceed to Limerick. •
The lighthouse people are trying to ar
rangre matters with Dr. Carmichael so as
to get the body somewhere that It can
be given a Christian burial. In the mean
time, however, it is blowing a gale at the
Farallones and nothing can land on the
island. When the storm subsides some
thing: •will be done in the matter.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping Merchants.
The Madagascar will load wheat at Portland
for Europe, 37s 6d. prior to arrival; the W. J.
Patterson, lumber at Grays Harbor for Hono
lulu. .
1 ..-• Shipment of Grain.
- The British ship Belfast cleared! Friday for
Queenstown for orders with S3,€99 ctls barley,
valued at $46,820. S443 ctls wheat, valued at
*84S5, and 21,000 ft lumber as dunnage, valued
at 8250; ¦ - ¦ ¦ - ¦ <»
A Cargo for Mexico.
'. The schooner * Louis cleared ' yesterday for
Santa Rosalia with 1 a general cargo, valued at
$46,231, including the following merchandise:
316 Ibe tea. 6 bdls spices:^0. bxs.paste,. lCv> ctls
barley, 9920 gals wine. 4275 bales hay. 27,451 ft
lumber. 3600 lba chocolate, 2117 cs oil, 645 cs
hardware, 15 tons fire 'Clay, 27,977' lbs rice, 15,069
lbs coffee. 20 bales oakum.- 19 pkgs paint, 100
bbls tar. 100 tons sugar, 67 pkga dry goods, 2S00
bbla flour, 90 pkga furniture. 1! bdls brooms,
22) cs dynamite, 11. cs caps, and 'fuse. . ..' .
Departure of the Japanese Liner.
The Japanese liner Hongkong Maru sailed
yesterday for the Orient with a general cargo,
valued at S233.3S1. manifested and destined
as follows: For China, $101,573; Japan, U04.0S3;
Manila, JI5.4T5: East Indies, $CT3: Korea, J953:
Vladivostok. JC25. The principal exports were
as follows:
To China— 6300 lbs abalone meat, 4963 lbs
beans, IS era bicycles and sundries. 216 cs bot
tled beer, 67 cs canned goods, 1000 lbs codfish.
1CS lba cheese. S192 lbs coffee. 93 cs drugs, 1636
bales dry goods, £500 bbls flour, 313 pkga gro
ceries and provisions, £15 lbs ham and bacon,
$0 cs liquors, 44 bxs lemons, 10S.M1 ft lumber,
1000 lba meals, i pkgs machinery, C250 lbs pearl
barley, IS pkgs paste. 60 cs salmon, S6 cs soap,
S00 lbs starch, -4 cs shoes, 360 cs 4 bbls whisky,
50 cols wine.
To Japan— 20 cs alcohol, 108 era bicycles and
sundries, 237 cs canned goods, 1523 bales com
pressed cotton, 16 pkgs electrical supplies, 445
pkgs groceries and provisions, 8 bales hose. S92
lbs ham and bacon, 21 rolls leather, 40 pkgs
machinery, 60.670 lbs malt. 1500 kegs nails, S00
bbls lubricating oil, 625 lbs sugar, 9 cs whisky,
2500 gals wine.
To Manila— 11 cs bicycles and sundries, 250 cs
canred goods, 22 cs drugs, 10 bales dry goods,
5 pkgs electrical supplies, 7 pkgs furniture, 138
pkgs groceries and provisions, 9 cs hardware,
663 bbls flour, 61 cs' photo goods, 100 cs liquors.
3 bales leather, 60 cs boots and shoes, 47 cs
stationery. 1600 lbs sugar, 300 kegs white lead,
210 gals wine, 65 bbls whisky.
To East Indies— 122 cs canned goods. 6 pkgs
groceries and provisions, 5 bbls liquors. 200
gals wine, 4 pkga machinery, 2 cs salmon.
To Korea— 27 steel shoes, 27 steel dies, 5 cs
hardware. 26 bdls pipe.
To Vladivostok— 11 pkgs pumps.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Saturday, June 22.
Strar China, Seabury. 28, days from Hong
kong, 16 days from Yokohama and 6 days 3
hours 25 minutes from Honolulu. >¦
Stmr Czarina, Seaman, 96 hours from Ta-
CO g?mr Celia, Higglns, 18 hours from Caspar.
Br Btmr Milton, Rainey, 8 days 17 hours from
X Br ship King Edward, Newman, 187 days
from Antwers. via Downs 168 days.
Brig Galilee. Hellingsen, 14 days from Ho
n^chr Monterey, Beck, 61 hours from Coos
Schr Kodiak, Scheel. 20 days from Unga.
CLEARED. ,'
Saturday, June 22.
Jap stmr Hongkong Maru. Fllmer. Honolulu,
Yokohama and Hongkong; W H Avery, agent.
Br stmr Bristol. Smith. Chemalnu?; R Duns-
m 3chr & Le^rs? Genberg, Santa Rosalia; F San-
Peark, Hallowell. Unalaska; Alaska
Commercial Co. SAIM . D- ;
Saturday, June 22.
Stmr Coos Bay. Nicolson. San Pedro. .',;;-
Ftmr Columbia. Doran. Astoria.
Stmr Westuort. Erickson. Bear Harbor.
•Stmr Point Arena, Hansen, Mendoclno.
Stmr Crescent City. Payne, Crescent City.
Stmr I>el Norte. Green. Crescent City.
Stmr Alcazar. Carlson, . ( ¦¦ /;
Btmr Samoa, Hansen, Bowens Landing. -
Stmr Empire, MacKenn. Coos Bay.
U S stmr Iowa, Perry. Port Orchard.
Jap Btmr Hongkong Maru, Filmer. Honolulu,
Yokobema and Hongkong./
Br etror Bristol, Smith. Cbemalnus.
Bark Martha Davis. McAlman. Hilo.
Bark Highland Light, McLure, Tacoma.
Fr bark Brenn, Cupper, Queenstown.
Schr Aloha. Fry. Honolulu. ...
Schr Lizzie Prien/ Anderson. Coqullle River.
Schr H C •Wright. Nielsen. Hana.
Bchr Louis, Genber*, Santa Rosalia.
Schr Bessie K, Petersen, Bowens Landing.
SPOKEN.
Per echr Kodlak— May 29. at Bering ; Sea,
bktn Fremont, with 26,000 codfish, for Ban
Francisco.. CORRECTION.
Ital ship Chrletobal Soler, havinr passed
Port Townaend June 21.. also Chir bark Ber
tha, passed Port Townsend June ¦ 21. snoula
read from Port Hadlock and not Port Ludlow.
as previously reported.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, June 22, 10 pm— Weather
hazy- -wind KW, velocity 16' miles.
. DOMESTIC PORTS.
COOS BAY— Arrived June 22— Schr Mary E
Russ. hence June 12. . . .- „,,.'.
BALLAKD— Arrived June 20— Schr Mildred,
from San Pedro. ' ¦"
UNGA— Sailed June 2— Schr Winchester, for
San FrancUco. ~ „ . ¦
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived June- 21— Schr
Gen Banning, schr Chas E Falk and schr
Esther Buhne. hence ¦ Jun« 8. • ¦ .
SEATTLE— Arrived June 21— Stmr Despatch,
hence Juno 17. Jun« 22— Stmr Cottage City,
from Dyea. ' - . .. * ;
The child of Cyrus King, head light
keeper on the Farallones, died of diph
theria a few days ago, and the father is
In the city trying to make arrangements
to have the body brought to the main
land. The tugboat captains are-afraid to
carry the remains, fearing the quarantine.
The Tcyo Kisen Kaisha Hongkong
Maru Balled for the Orient yesterday. F.
Sturm is the one cabin passenger for Ho
nolulu who. being anxious to reach the Isl
ands, paid the $200 fine demanded by Uncle
Sam ln order to get away on the Japanese
mail boat.
There was a big crowd down to see Sur
veyor of the Port Spear away. As many
of the customs boys as could get off duty
were there and cheered their chief again
and again as the Hongkong Maru steamed
away. Just before sailing, time there was
a reception In Mr. Spear's staterooms, at
which Deputy Surveyor St. John did the
honors. ¦
The cabin passengers of the Hongkong
Maru are: .*.
For Nagasaki— Waldemax Toritch.
For Yokohama— S. Ichlkawa, W. S. Gray, J.
Brett end wife. K. Kodera. S. Hara, L. C.
Brankarnp. * /' " ; " 7'.
For Shanghai— E. Hleber. Mr*. J. A. Fitch
and two children.
For Hongkong— J. E. Spear Jr. and wife, J.
Marquardt and wife. R. W. Smith, Mrs. "Wil
liam Jeffers. A. S. Foster. J. Lewis-Crew, Bev.
n. J. Hardy, Nathan Holsteln, Mrs. S. A-
Mitchell. M. L. Stewart, Mrs. A. B. Jeffers.
A. J. Gles and Mrs. L. C. Cartwrignt.
For Honolulu— F. Sturm.
Death on the Farallones.
EONGKOXG 2CAB.XT RATT.S.
F. Sturm Pays Big Tine la Order to
Get to Honolulu.
THE British thip King Edward ar
rived from Antwerp yesterday aft
er a Ions trip of 1S7 days. Soon
after leaving Antwerp she was
caught in a heavy gale and had
to put into the Downs for repairs. One
seaman was drowned and the second mate
and an A_ B. also had very narrow es
capes. They were washed overboard and
there seemed no chance of saving them.
The wind was Wowing with hurricane
force and a high cross sea was running.
Luckily one of these contrary waves pick
ed up the mate and the A. B. and washed
them back on the deck of the King Ed
vard.
Captain Newman's account of the voy
age is as follows:
"Sailed from Antwerp December 17. Had
a succession of •westerly gales in. the Brit
ish Channel lasting four days. Put Into
the Downs December 2S.oa account pf
blowing away sails, running gear carried
away and cargo shifted. Also lost over
board H. Carlson, a seaman. He was a
native of Sweden, aged 2S years. The
second officer and a seaman named C.
Wilson were washed overboard and then
washed back again by the returning, wave.
"Made necessary repairs and sailed
from the Downs on January 5. Had fine
weather to the equator, which we crossed
in longitude 27 degrees west, ihlrty-two
days out. Took the southeast trades ln
lctitude 2 decrees north and carried them
to latitude 15 degrees south. Had south
west winds to latitude 50 degrees south'
tr.d was twenty-five days from 50 ln the
Atlantic to 50 in the Pacific Had a suc
cession of northerly rales rounding the
Horn. Crossed the equator May 11 ln
longitude 118 degrees west. Had north
northwest winds from latitude 11 degrees
to 30 decrees north. Had light airs and
caJms to latitude SS decrees north and had
northwest winds and a dense foe for the
last fourteen days."
THE BRITISH SHIP KING EDWARD, WHICH ARRIVED FROM ANTWERP YESTERDAY, HAD A HARD TIME
OF IT IN THE ENGLISH CHANNEL AND WAS COMPELLED TO PUT INTO THE DOWNS IN DISTRESS SHE
LOST SAILS. RUNNING GEAR AND A SEAMAN.
Second Mate and a Seaman on the King Edward Are Carried Away
by a Wave That Sweeps the Decks, but a Returning Billow
Brings Them Back and Lands Them Safely Among Comrades
DROWNING OF SAILOR ON BRITISH SHIP
AND NARROW ESCAPE OF TWO OTHERS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 23; 1901 ;
21
Sun rises
Bun pets !"!""'
Moon »eU (first quarter 11:53 j
_ 4 Time Time Time Time
Date Ft. Ft. Ft.
H TV ' Li \V H W L. W
23~7. 4:46 "To 10:29 ~ll 5:34 ""iTi
L W • H W L. W H W
S4 ... 0:07 ,1.8 6:00 S.S 11:20 1.6 6:18
25 ... 1:02 . 1.5 7:1S S.7 12:06 2.0 7 : 00
26 .. 1:51 1.0 8:22 3.7 11:63 2.4 • 7M1
27 ...I 2:S5 0.6 9:25 3.8 1:40 2.7 8:15
2S ... 3:15 0.2 10:lS 4.0 2:25 3.0 8-«
29... 3:5^-0.1 11:02 ¦ 4.4 3:10 3.1 9:2l|
.7:35
>. m,
_ ,
Ft.
. 6.5
6.<
6.7
6.7
5.8
6.8
Steamer.
From.
Due.
Fulton San Pedro
Victoria Comox
San Mat co Port Los Angeles'
Eureka Humboldt
Bonlta San Pedro & Way Pts.
Corona San Diego
South Coast.... San Pedro
Rival Wlllapa Harbor
Grace Dollar... Bedondo
O. W. Elder.... Portland & Astoria....
Pomona. ....... Humboldt
Mackinaw Seattle
Newburg. Grays Harbor
Arcata Coos Bay .%,
Walla "Walla... Puget Sound Ports. \...
Robert Dollar.. Seattle and Hadlock....
Crescent City.. Crescent City
Curacao Mexican Ports
Ammon Hamburg & Way Pts.
Point Arena..., Point Arena
Santa Rosa.... San Diego
Zpalandia Honolulu
Alliance.' Portland & Coos Bay..
Mattewan Tacoma
Tucapel Valparaiso & Way Pts
San Pwlro Humboldt
Cooa Bay Newport ."...¦
Empire Coos Bay
Doric China & Japan
San Jose Panama & Way Ports.
Columbia Portland & Astoria
Rainier.. ....... Seattle & N. Whatcom.
Coron,ado Redondo
June 23
June 23
June 23
June 23
June 23
June 23
June 23
June 24
June 24
June 24
June 2*
June 25
June 25
June 26
June 26
June 26
June 27
June 27
June 27
June 27
June 27
June 27
June 27
June 27
June 28
June 27
June 27
June 28
June 23
June 29
June 23
June 29
June 29
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
Pier.
Fulton..
Acme
Santa Rosa..
Santa Barb'r
Noyo
Q. Dollar
North Kork..
Eureka.
Csarina
City rut'bla..
Bonlta........
Pomona......
nivui
Australia
Corona
Jane S3.
Grays Harbor ....
Sluslaw River ....
San Diego
June 24.
Humboldt
Humboldt .........;
Grays Harbor ....
Jnne 'JXl. . .
Humboldt
Humboldt
Seattle and Taconra
Punet Sound Ports
San Pedro
- Jnne SO.
Humboldt
WlUapa Harbor....
Tahiti via Marq'sas
San Diego
Jnne ST.
Hawaiian Islands..
Astoria & Portland
Jane US.
Portland A Coos B.
Panama & Way Pts
Grays Harbor ....
N. Y. via Panama
Coos Bay
Jnne 2!). •
China & Japan
Honolulu
Seattle & Everett..
Humboldt
Newport '
Point Arena
.6 pm Pier 18
3 pm Pier IS
9 am Pier U
5 pm Pl«r *1
6 pm Pier 2
& pm Pier I
9 am Pier 2
9 am Pier 13
IS ) m Pier 8
11 am Pier »
9 am Pier 11
1:30 p PI" »
S pm 5th St.
10 am Pier 7
S am Pier 11
9 am Pier 20
11 am Pier !4
S pm Pier t6
12 m PMSS
5 pm Pier 2
ipmS.W.l
13 m Pier 13
1 pm PMSS
3 pm Pier 7
5 pm Pier- 2
10 am Pier 3
9 am Pier 11
2 pmjPler 2
Hawaiian.... I
O. W. Elder, j
Alliance
San Juan
Kcwburg
Argyll
Area t a
China
Zealandta....
Coronado
San Pedro. . . .
Coos Bay....;
Point Arena..
Steamer.
Destination.
! Sails.
Victorian..."....
Queen.....
Nome City.....
Kxcelslor:...:-.
Dolphin
City of Seattle..
Pirlgo
Alkl.... ..:
Senator
Cottage City...
Chas. Nelson..
Roanoke
J. S. Klmball.
Skaguay & Way Ports. June 23
Sltaguay & Way Ports. June 21
Nome. Teller & Topkuk June 23
Valdez & Way Ports.. June 25
Skaguay & Way Ports. June 26
Skaguay & Way Ports. June 29
Skaguay & Way Ports. June M
Rkattuay & Way Ports. June 29
Nome direct June 29
PkaRuay & Way Ports. June 29
Skasuay & Way Ports. June 80
Nome & St. Michael.. July 1
Nome & St. Michael.. July 1
Sun rises
Bun pets !"!""'
Moon »eU (first quarter 11:53 j
_ 4 Time Time Time Time
Date Ft. Ft. Ft.
H TV ' Li \V H W L. W
23~7. 4:46 "To 10:29 ~ll 5:34 ""iTi
L W • H W L. W H W
S4 ... 0:07 ,1.8 6:00 S.S 11:20 1.6 6:18
25 ... 1:02 . 1.5 7:1S S.7 12:06 2.0 7 : 00
26 .. 1:51 1.0 8:22 3.7 11:63 2.4 • 7M1
27 ...I 2:S5 0.6 9:25 3.8 1:40 2.7 8:15
2S ... 3:15 0.2 10:lS 4.0 2:25 3.0 8-«
29... 3:5^-0.1 11:02 ¦ 4.4 3:10 3.1 9:2l|
.7:35
>. m,
_ ,
Ft.
. 6.5
6.<
6.7
6.7
5.8
6.8
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
Pier.
Fulton..
Acme
Santa Rosa..
Santa Barb'r
Noyo
Q. Dollar
North Kork..
Eureka.
Csarina
City rut'bla..
Bonlta........
Pomona......
nivui
Australia
Corona
Jane S3.
Grays Harbor ....
Sluslaw River ....
San Diego
June 24.
Humboldt
Humboldt .........;
Grays Harbor ....
Jnne 'JXl. . .
Humboldt
Humboldt
Seattle and Taconra
Punet Sound Ports
San Pedro
- Jnne SO.
Humboldt
WlUapa Harbor....
Tahiti via Marq'sas
San Diego
Jnne ST.
Hawaiian Islands..
Astoria & Portland
Jane US.
Portland A Coos B.
Panama & Way Pts
Grays Harbor ....
N. Y. via Panama
Coos Bay
Jnne 2!). •
China & Japan
Honolulu
Seattle & Everett..
Humboldt
Newport '
Point Arena
.6 pm Pier 18
3 pm Pier IS
9 am Pier U
5 pm Pl«r *1
6 pm Pier 2
& pm Pier I
9 am Pier 2
9 am Pier 13
IS ) m Pier 8
11 am Pier »
9 am Pier 11
1:30 p PI" »
S pm 5th St.
10 am Pier 7
S am Pier 11
9 am Pier 20
11 am Pier !4
S pm Pier t6
12 m PMSS
5 pm Pier 2
ipmS.W.l
13 m Pier 13
1 pm PMSS
3 pm Pier 7
5 pm Pier- 2
10 am Pier 3
9 am Pier 11
2 pmjPler 2
Hawaiian.... I
O. W. Elder, j
Alliance
San Juan
Kcwburg
Argyll
Area t a
China
Zealandta....
Coronado
San Pedro. . . .
Coos Bay....;
Point Arena..
Steamer.
Destination.
! Sails.
Victorian..."....
Queen.....
Nome City.....
Kxcelslor:...:-.
Dolphin
City of Seattle..
Pirlgo
Alkl.... ..:
Senator
Cottage City...
Chas. Nelson..
Roanoke
J. S. Klmball.
Skaguay & Way Ports. June 23
Sltaguay & Way Ports. June 21
Nome. Teller & Topkuk June 23
Valdez & Way Ports.. June 25
Skaguay & Way Ports. June 26
Skaguay & Way Ports. June 29
Skaguay & Way Ports. June M
Rkattuay & Way Ports. June 29
Nome direct June 29
PkaRuay & Way Ports. June 29
Skasuay & Way Ports. June 80
Nome & St. Michael.. July 1
Nome & St. Michael.. July 1
Steamer.
From.
Due.
Fulton San Pedro
Victoria Comox
San Mat co Port Los Angeles'
Eureka Humboldt
Bonlta San Pedro & Way Pts.
Corona San Diego
South Coast.... San Pedro
Rival Wlllapa Harbor
Grace Dollar... Bedondo
O. W. Elder.... Portland & Astoria....
Pomona. ....... Humboldt
Mackinaw Seattle
Newburg. Grays Harbor
Arcata Coos Bay .%,
Walla "Walla... Puget Sound Ports. \...
Robert Dollar.. Seattle and Hadlock....
Crescent City.. Crescent City
Curacao Mexican Ports
Ammon Hamburg & Way Pts.
Point Arena..., Point Arena
Santa Rosa.... San Diego
Zpalandia Honolulu
Alliance.' Portland & Coos Bay..
Mattewan Tacoma
Tucapel Valparaiso & Way Pts
San Pwlro Humboldt
Cooa Bay Newport ."...¦
Empire Coos Bay
Doric China & Japan
San Jose Panama & Way Ports.
Columbia Portland & Astoria
Rainier.. ....... Seattle & N. Whatcom.
Coron,ado Redondo
June 23
June 23
June 23
June 23
June 23
June 23
June 23
June 24
June 24
June 24
June 2*
June 25
June 25
June 26
June 26
June 26
June 27
June 27
June 27
June 27
June 27
June 27
June 27
June 27
June 28
June 27
June 27
June 28
June 23
June 29
June 23
June 29
June 29
GRAPE-NTJTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVEBTISBMENTS. .
THE WRONG MEDICINE.
Thousands of people yearly treat their
ails with the wrong medicine. They are
ln the habit of jumping at the first "cure-
all" they see advertised and fancy they
are going to be benefited.
People should use more caution in se-
lecting their medicines. These are times
when the country is flooded with the
printed boasts of experimenters. Those
who have piles in any form cannot be too
careful in its treatment. , . -.
The delicate membranes may receive in-
juries -from humbug remedies that will
lead to the most complicated eruptions.
Pyramid Pile Cure is the safest remedy
known to medical science. It purifies the
affected • parts, reduces the tumors and
takes ¦ away • the inflammation. If you are
troubled, try it.
It Is prepared by the most skilled spe-
cialists, who have', made the curing of
piles and kindred troubles a life study.
It is now* the best known pile remedy
before the public, v Thousands have been
cured ¦ who have experimented for years
with every, other known remedy. Hun-
dreds who have been treated surgically
without- results have been completely
cured by: Pyramid Pile ' Cure. . Don't ex-
periment with dangerous ¦ drugs nor run
the : risk of a painful '. surgical operation.
This remedy, is a prompt, perfect and per-
manent cure for the most-' persistent case
of piles. It is manufactured by the Pyra-
mid Drug Co., Marshall, Mich.; and has
found Its way into 1 every wide-awake
drugstore . on .this continent. Ask ' for it
and be cured of a disease which may lead
to fatal' complications. ¦¦:- — •*--' .;->.. •¦
SENT FREE TO MEN I
Quickly Restores Lost Vigor
: to Men. !.','.*.-,'
A Host Remarkable Remedy, That
to All Who Write.
A Free Trial Package Sent by Mail
Free trial packages - of a most remark-
able remedy are being mailed to all whb
will write the | State - Medical Institute.
They cured so many men who had bat-
tled for years against the mental and
physical suffering of lost manhood. that
the Institute has decided to distribute free
trial packages - to all who write, i. It Is a
home treatment, and all men who , suffer
from any form of sexual weakness result-
ing . from ¦ youthful folly, premature los»
of strength and memory, weak back, varl-
cocele or emaciation of parts can now
cure themselves at home. . :
The: remedy has 'a . peculiarly grateful
effect of warmth and seems to act direct
to : the desired location, giving strength
and development just ¦ where it is ' needed.
It cures all the ills and troubles that come
from years of misuse of the. natural func-
tions and has been an absolute success in
all cases. A request to the State Medical
Institute,- 328 - Elektron : building, Fort
Wayne, , Ind., stating. that you desire one
of '.their free trial packages., will be com-
plied t with promptly. ,The ; Institute is de-"
sirous of reaching that great class of men
who are unable to leave home to be treat-
ed and the free samples will enable them
to -see how; easy it. is to be cured of. sex-
ual weakness '• when the ! proper remedies
are '. employed. " The Institute ' makes no
restrictions, j Any man who writes will be
sent a free] sample, < carefully : sealed in ! a
plain package, ¦ bo that its recipient ; need
have no fear of embarrassment or pub-
licity. Readers are requested- to write
without delay. . , . . ,
Cooking.
FAMILY FOOD.
Crisp, Toothsome and Requires No
A little boy down In N. C. asked his
mother to write an account of how
Grape-Nuts Food had helped their
family.
She Eays Grape-Nuts was first brought
to her attention on a visit to Charlotte,
where she visited the Mayor of that city
who was using the Food by the advice of
his physician. She Eays: "They derive
bo much grood from It that they never
pass a day without using it. While I was
there I used the Food regularly. I gained
aixmt fifteen pounds and felt so well that
when I returned home I began using
Grape-Nuts in the family regularly.
My little 18 months old baby shortly
after being weaned was very 411 with
dyspepsia and teething. She was sick nine
weeks and we tried everything. She be-
came so emaciated that It was painful
to handle her and we thought we were
going to lose her. On* day a. happy
thought urged me to try Grape-Nuts
soaked in a little warm milk.
Well, it worked like a charm, and she
began taking it regularly and Improve-
ment set in at once. She Is now getting
well and round and fat as fast as pos-
sible and on Grape-Nuts.
Some time ago a number of the i family
were stricken with La Gripp© at the
same time, and during the worst stages
we could not relish anything- In. the shape
of food but Grape-Nuts and oranges,
everything els* nauseated us.
We all appreciate what your famous
food baa dono for our family." ,
JOE ROSENBERG'S. • | JOB ROSENBERG'S. •; | JOE ROSENBERG'S. | JOE ROSENBERG'S.
1 Stock to be reduced by several thousand / Q^/^ 6 ZfiL ""^tff 0 ** Or B Wl//^m^m/Mi
M dollars during this week. These items will / n CO/jt, /n "UPe Sn . ''$/) f n r ~ \l H m/JB&KMfi '////////' 7) W2i
\^ 20 boxes Ribbon, all silk Taffeta, wash- / tfOrj „ fen* Q// tor, r ' Grief i M W0W^mwMfflfM
R-able. made in all the newest fancy stripe " / ff ,, n > <*/,</, e C6/ ke Q . '« ®
K effects: colors, cream, pink, blue, lemon / "'/erf „ /e G/ // S Pec/ n / Pi
m and many other; 3^ Inches wide, just the I ft, w Q$ Hs o /, ''Of />, u/ 0//- $J
m width for neck or dress trimming. Rosen- / r// e/?, _, q*. ."ty Q . v 'A?yy, S ¦
m berg's way of selling l2Vic / r ef ' f ' <7,, S Qr P fl$ i'M
m MORE COOD OFFERING^. / - '"too,/??''* M fte r?(feJ SI
Ji ribbon 3 - 3nd mlleS °' aU SHk WaCk Taffeta / 'fia/r. y We f O // "fy S ° //
I i : lsI::::::::::E:::::::::?SAi / s^Z^K^J?^ ¦, '' I Samples ol Low Sailing In Oor'B
»p fl s fS^ L n ,«2f D ?. c xT I °w N M i; ro 5 t .sai / '^a'Z*!* '*/?/*• *L § Muslin Undarwear Departmsnt. 1
ra every item quoted has been cut in price. ft C" ' PCtf f. ¦ ' q Oq e £ **&. { KS LADIES' DRAWERS, fl/
VA There Is no better value ln Frisco: If ' ¦ W*. °t An MS made of very best soft iiZlMi B
IQ ICmbroldered top collara ". ...10c // C/? €y . Se Qf U bleached muslin, tucked. C^^f M
8& Fine Point de Venise top collars... 12 V-e U *.''<&/>* ff ' d *' ep *l°"nce *ith two \ 1 ftl
- HR Ladies' white silk vests.. ario I e/ IC/ O r. n^ ' kf rows of Torchon lace in- > ,, .,/ EB
*M T.a.llc>s' Sorosls kid gloves JRl^OO « S /°^C/',, , ° Se c( Lf sertion. edeetl with wlrte **<SB*1^ M
g Ladles' hand, made Initial handker-" Mft& *> 8 In°qSSiS^and Jl£ ....Tf!?rSc »
m ' On MHrkoV-street EnVrance ' liirgZ'n '^^fe??^^ ' •^Sfif hi NEXT-LADIES' CHEMISE, made S
Hf Table No. 1, embroideries and insertion /f ' ' [</ of Rood Wnmsutta muslin, with point- fcS
g at one-half the original selling price. ¦ 1 ' 1 9 $rSg r SS 1
I We B^Bz^™ on Nvar Und8rsold., m po.., M e to . I SSSff SS SS.'ftJS^SS^ I
•M A I iriO Pf Waieto values like theae e'sewh-re. . • . " eeen to b© appreciated TUC m
M « *-lllw Ul OIIIV TTdlolO /*m ' I^ADIEB' COLLAR | N C, -.•>«---» nT*^ -i—/» M » 6«Io at O'Farre»-«tre«t Entrance. «
M / *<k At a price far less "W AND W5VBRS COM- If) Lllf I OfSQi UfipSnM! , M
I &i » 'S'3 ffjft «»^i^S|S#p^^^^^l It Will Pay You to Read, f'
n\ n&*iKW^ ln^ lv l« w Prices. Apnllnuc. nrat, dainty HFR « , q nrTr? , . TPqT N . nvFt Corset Protector. M
Im tf$M\IwZi Below is n sample /**NV an<l Inexpensive 50c iU ' lu ' iH (JljR latlst >o\llti. . u
m 'Mf^W^W' of low selline: / // Somethinjr cool around *©V IT IS THE MAJESTY * - It Is used by m\\
m MtJI&Mm LADIES'SILK i [A the neck 1, the crying f3 STRAIGHT FRONT, made -^Wa^atfdSa*. thousands of la- gl)
W KW^ar^Vr> N^ WAISTS, marie of ft } need of summer. V>'o hnvo UV for stout n K ures. It Is l&Vr^^^W? dlos ln a11 states W&
«a best quality all-silk * it here ln abundance. v^V» mfl 'l° ,°. f v^ ry t. p8t , Ita - lla . n > '**<^'f** oi the Union: It KJ
tSI r^wpy^i taffeta back front Here Is a sample" ' nbir^'j\ el 01 '"' "o' as cu '» hand porea, v^ is a complete US
¦ ''»¦ TTmnh, and sieves 'tucked LADIES' JABOT, made of sheerest {MfottQ H ew / t L alght u fr ? nt .»u ff K ct ; garment, as eaa- M
* fiS Ivlil /' IV ftV md. hemstitched, new white lawn with hl*h standing collar. . iKitftH boned throughout with best j] y ptIt on a, a corset, and when worn Kl I
l*"itJllF bishop sleeves, fancy trimmed with insertions of lace. Jabot \\[i// s J tempered steel; a good under that garment will protect it aa fg
HHI . w«*-tt adjustable c o 1 1 a r . O f the four-in-harid order, trimmed V^J^^ strong corset, one that whi well a8 tne a ress waist and sleeves |3 !
Kj colors rose, blue, pink, cerise and with fancy shaped Insertions. Best P&*\ outwear any made-to-oraer f rOTO - perspiration. It is superior and, ia
m white and black; a waist that will f or the least 35c • * corset. The manufacturer cheaper than dress shields, belnff al- «4
wear and give entire satisfaction; t of Her Majesty Corset is W av«« readv to wear with any delicata Fii
Bi other stores would call them bar- ... . ..¦.., •¦ King of all corset makers. There __,:;*,_ _. w . ar i nl . anmn> i Th«v urn l£l '¦
I S"..»...^. ". *. w^ A re Never Undersold. t^kn^i^£ S£ m S>^^lS s l i
l f 5Cc Wash Veils NDwSellimr Small Articles at Small Prices. i3Essr£jf@.^S SSSHS 1 S?«Sl:
M ouc wasn veils now veiling Hooks and eyes , black or white.... th i 8 A s?^ ln I ?^ e^ $Sfe?8.-?£ £Z™^mchSd Teirltriiv the"™ ffl
0 TOT ¦'IhR - ' 2 dozen lor lc aND'THOMPSON GLOVE-FiTXTNG lining has moisture-proof seams. They g;|
El IWI tuVl Nickel plated safety pins, large or CORSETS- all made of very best Cou- will last longer lf frequently washed. Bgl-
jgj Scarcely seems credible, does It? .small........ ....iSc dozen tl j double pldo steels, rust proof front Special for this sale ??65c Eg
SSS doIT't t-kioif^w^Ti €C ' VC8 ~ Bonnet or hat pins, jet heads, steels, bias'cut, hand gored, lace bead- : .'; WjS >
HW don t take our word for it. aniece ing and satin ribbon trimmed; in . . . ,, . ... Vft i
W9 LADIES' WASH VEILS, made of -/JJldnet dress shields large size bllck? white and gray; all this sea- mDOrtailt HOSiSrV ValllBS. A)
IH best quality Brussels- net, figure or Stockinet dress snieias, large size son's newest shapes. If they were not , iihjjuiiuiu itugisij i uiumi Bj
mm dot, fancy embroidered border3. Joe '."' oc v samples we would not be able to sell CHILDREN'S EVERLASTTNQ KM '
/|S Rosenberg.' s price. 15c package white tape of five pieces... oC tnem under $1.50 to $2.50. We have HOSE, made of very best XXX Pertt- tt¥
iffis _ ... n • # •• • ¦ . . Indies' frilled elastic garters. ..». .2.jc marked them for rapid selling. Sl.OO vian cotton; strong and durable: Km
K* PPmSfkah P SSlfl Pi llnnPr^Kirt^ Black mourning pins (in boxes) AGAIN— We have ladies' summer cor- heavy ribbed: just the thing for vaca- Mi
KB , riBHIQIIVaUICcQIC Ul UIIUCI CM I Id ""^^ •» gV^c box sets, made of best white summer net- tion wear: they have double heels., ISS
«a Still jioc« on-values that brlnft Pearl" buttons', "ciear "white, heavy ting', with the new military straight t oes and knees and are elastic: are m"
1*8 crowds of eager buyers to this ki m i is and 20 line tie dozen front steel, new shapes, •well made, warranted fast black; no better val- En
J§H department. • '•¦ corset steels cloth covered, per ¦ perfect fitting.' Rosenberg's way of. ueg f or xnore money: our asking R^i
|ra LADIES' SKIRTS, made of good pair .' 5c selling • "Oc price • -5c 5*|f
•Hf quality Italian cloth, BLACK and ' . : _ _, _, _^ _, ALSO LADIES' HOSE, made of best Mi
E3 WHITE stripe effect, with knife- mg^mm RAAPIinrnA Rift 1M AR KET STRDDT French lisle, Richelieu ribbed, high §1|
SSa pleated flounce edged with black ruch- I f| V_ D Bl V L Al U C U I " O 1O ITliArV SV1- i luuul spliced heels and toes; double sole: Pf
1 iSfit f 3Srtfflf5n^^ r V.^Sil5JS JUt nUOtWDCnU Runningthrough.to 11 O'Farrell, SSS^? S&S?°& f gSi! 11 5Sf ¦ •
P iPc^fSr^OuV'pH^?^^^ Mall Orders Solicited. PHELAN BUILDING. ing for .'. SOc
1 " — 82>^>l-^t^ ~ 1
I Jackets - Cloaks - Skirts. 1
1 Our genuine clearance sale of |
§ Dresses, Skirts, Jackets and Waists 3
1 commences Monday at 9 o'clock. It |
will be remarkable fop the great |
variety and high quality of the goods 1
and the lowness of the prices. These I
facts must appeal to those who ; I
desire to purchase such fine goods g
P as we carry for less money than 1
I cost to make. i
1 TAFFETA SILK ETONS. |
M yT*?3£^V - ¦ 112 50 Silk Ktons, now '. SS.OO S
Si /®!^Bia J 13 co SiIk Etcns. now *7.5O f,
H G»#**F *1S 00 Silk Etons, now....... .....SIO.OO S
jsS v& *f J25 00 Silk Etona, now $15.00 • g;
H \jJ ¦ /'-:' l/LUin JAUiiClo. £
El J10 00 Cloth Etons, silk lined, now .85.00 M
H /S'&^&ljrjM $10 00 Tan Box Jackets, now $."V<>O H
fii eS^^aB^A " $15 CO Covert Box Jackets, now ' 97.5O H
B A^«'>*V?TK!q JlllX\.I WAlJlJ. |1
KS ®W %^^S^I Entirely new and elecrant patterns in white and col- f\
S? w'%1 ored Lawns. Madras. Zephyrs and Ch&mbrays — one thou- M
H ' M ¦JSgSata'Bjft xand styles to select from— 23
Bi ¦ vi%^5S-5£K V*ti\ "5c Shirt "Waists, now R5o K}
*« V^St^S^Av^A Jl CO Shirt Waist?, now SOc ' £3
K \&>Z'Ffc£$ *ga SI 50 « Shirt Waists, now 7.%c t]
m ; '*p3 ¦•* wP^n*2 00 Shirt Waists, now. $1.25 H
1 ¦ # SUMMER OUTING SKIRTS. m
B &B?J ' $1 CO Linen Crash Flare Skirts, now SOc IB
H - ' u I ?' *2 CO Canvas Skirts, trimmed, now. 91.OO |B
H is" . '¦ $2 00 Denim Flare Skirts, now .' $1.00 M
R! $3 CO Crash Skirts, flare and embroidered, now S1.5O H
N Great bargains in this season's swell well tailored dresses— only all- B
¦ wool materials, . best linings, trimming and workmanship. They're in ,-1
H Cheviots, Broadcloths, Homespun and Brilliantine, and come in navy, B
H tan, gray and black. Jackets mostly coilarless Eton styles, and nearly §£-
B all made with trimmins of stitched taffeta silk bands and swell but- B
§1 tons; < some have batiste ' and lace collars. Skirts mostly the graduated «
H circular flounce. . 9
H $15 00 Dresses, now..:... $7.50 wk
-H . $16 50 Dresses, now .* .'...SIO.OO *1
gj $1S 00 Dresses, now , S12.BO 'M
jffl J22 50 ' Dresses, now " ¦.-..¦....: ;.>16«"5O «
H $30 00 Dresses, now... 82O.0O »i
U $30 CO Dresses, now $35.00 U
1 "country orders carefullt filled. mThe Republicans of the Thirty-sixth As
sembly District met last night at Twin
Peak Hall, Seventeenth and Noe streets,
with Frank. French in the chair, and per
manently organized, electing Frank
French, permanent ¦; chairman; Joseph
Sheerer, first .vice president; A. F. Rob
erts, second vice president; M. W. Little
field, secretary ; Victor Perrazi, assistant
secretary; E. D: Berri. treasurer and Cap
tain Lars Larsen, sergeant at arms. The
chairman was . empowered to appoint an
executive . committee of three members
from each precinct.
A meeting of the Democrats opposed to
the Phelan method of. doing politics was
held last evening at 2646 Mission street
for the purpose of interesting Democrats
In the coming primary elections. The club
will be known as the Jefferson Democratic
Club of the Thirty-fifth District. Stephen
A. Byrne was elected chairman -of the
committee on organization. • •--. ;
¦;. After having been completely renovated
from chancel rail to outer door and from
floor to ceiling, < until ; it resembles a new.
edifice fresh from the hands of an archi
tect, St. James Catholic Church will be
formally reopened this morning for di
vine service. The reopening wiir be
marked with impressive, ceremony : and
the day will be made ; an occasion of re
joicing for the 'parishioners.
-The Rev. Father Peter C. Yorke will
have the honor of preaching the reopen
ing: sermon. Professor . Mather of the
Royal College of- Music will preside over
the organ. An augmented choir aided by
300 voices will render the sacred music of
the Catholic liturgy. Besides the new em
bellishments of furniture, electric lights
and sacred ; pictures, ; the altar : and -the
main, body of t£e church will be magrifi-
Centl: £.£ eC - Ora J* i wlth flowers and foliage.
Archbishop Riordan at 4 o'clock in the
afternoon will administer confirmation to
a class of 300.
, For the last bix months the church has
been undergoing; repairs. The exterior was
repainted and in some places remodeled.
A beautiful new organ and new altar rails
were installed, besides a complete set of
new carpets and furniture. New stations
of the cross were also placed in position.
At *. t * h !L- Be r r i ce to -night the church will be
lighted with 500 electric lights.
¦The stained-glass windows of the reno
vated church are in many respects the
most artistic and . expensive in the city.
In them are portrayed some of the most
noted of the Biblical scenes, such as the
Immaculate conception, the ascension of
our divine Lord, the love: of the sacred
heart and the death of St. Joseph. In the
two large of the sanctuary are
pictured the figure' of .St. James, the pa-
F°, n of* 116 - church, and that of St. Pat
rice. The remaining windows contain
busts of saints and angels.
The Rev. Father P. R. Lynch is the pas
tor of St. James Church, and it is due
principally to his untiring efforts that the
church has been so greatly improved and
beautified.
the purpose of permanently organizing.
Every precinct in the district was repre
sented. H. K. Moore was chosen tempor
ary chairman and D. B. McDonnell tem
porary secretary. A permanent organiza
tion was perfected, with Tennyson Deane
as president, D. B. McDonnell vice presi
dent and A. M. Martin secretary. A com
mittee was appointed to draft by-laws.
.A- meeting of the Republican voters of
the Forty-second Assembly District was
held recently at Golden Gate Hall, Sutter
street, near Taylor, for the purpose of re
organizing: the district club and arranging
a. plan for the forthcoming campaign.
Thomas D. Riordanwas elected temporary
chairman and Walter S. Brann temporary
secretary. . .
The temporary officers were instructed
to request all the Republican voters in the
district who are opposed to political boss
ism to attend the next meeting: of the
club, which will be held on Wednesday
evening, June 1%, at the same hall, for the
Father Peter 0. Yorke Will
Preach the; First ;
Sermon.
St. James' Parishioners
Beautify House of
W"orship. *
CHURCH WILL
BE REOPENED
Detectives Arrest Suspected Thieves.
. J. Dougherty and : George - Howard were
arrested yesterday by Captain : Seymour's
men on suspicion of being the mpn nrs«
stole a. diamond pin from f worn^ namSd
Connors In a Market street . place of
amusement Friday night. The men ni
being-held pending further, investigation
Blue, flame .oil cook stoves do not heat
the room. Nathan-Dohrmann Co offer
these ¦ and gas stoves at reduced " prices
this week. , . " «
Extra Clerks for Auditor.
Mayor Phelan recommended to the
Board of Supervisors yesterday that the
Auditor be authorized to appoint ten extra
£r ,£f, for Sftsen days, commencing June
25, 1901. at the rate of $1000 per month. -
Hancock Case Continued.
The suit for divorce instituted by Ella
wood Hancock against Robert J Han
WaS Called in Jud S« Swell's lei
gJK 1^^ for settlement of The
£?^t^?L £^ ts ' but owln S to: the absence
Sy?52ftA«£SS. nseI V^tinuance to
Tour medicine chest is incomplete if it la
not stocked with Jesse Moore "AA" .Whiskey.*
Approval of Judgment Claims.
The City Attorney advises the Super
visors that the assigned judgment claims
against the city amounting to $40,460, held
by W. A. Swinnerton, need no further ap
proval, but the city should require for
its own protection proof of the assignment
of the claims.
O^H&re Case Submitted.
Judge Sioss has taken under advisement
the motion presented by Mrs. Margaret L
Gowdey. as guardian of Joseph O'Hare,"
for the appointment of a trustee to take
at 6 r e 2 S «ia° nn° f ™°n«y«n« Property valued
ass? sag <S2£3 b G v
. The Board of Public "Works, through Its
architect's department, has blundered
again, -this time in the preparation qf
plans for an additional story to the Dud
ley Stone School. Two weeks ago the
board submitted plans and specifications
for the work to the Boardj of Education,
and the estimated cost was fixed at $5800.
Yesterday amended plans were submitted
in which the estimated cost is placed at
$7000. The Board of Works assigns as a
j reason' for the increase the rise in price
of building material, ; which it claims has
gone up in the past two weeks. There
would appear to be another, reason, and
that is .that the board erred. in Its first
estimate, which is borne out by the bids
submitted for the work, all of which were
greatly in .'excess of the estimates/ and
were .rejected. .-¦':;" /
J. Sinnott was the lowest bidder for the
work, his bid being $7697. The next low
! est bid, was that of Jacob Schuler. $9485.
I Sinnott made the mistake of filing a certi
fied- check for $100 only, the charter pro
viding that 10 per cent of the contract
price shall be deposited for f aithf nl per
formance of contract. Schuler. raised the
point that Sinnott's bid was "defective In
the point mentioned and claimed- that he,
as next lowest -bidder, should be given
the contract. Schuler Is a member of the
Builders' Association, which requested
IJeo Park; secretary of the Board of
Works, to appear before it and ex
plain why the contract had not been
awarded to - Schuler. The association
stated" that . if the explanation was not
satisfactory its members would refuse to
bid ¦ on - the next specifications. Park ex
plained ,to the association yesterday that
the bids had been rejected because they
were in excess of the estimates i of the
Works Board and the Beard o& Education
had positively declined to spend one cent
more for the improvement. This was sat
isfactory to the Builders' Association,
which agreed to allow its members to file
new bids.- . :. .
| Then it was that the Board of Works
raised its former estimate, a tacit
acknowledgment that its first was too
I low. ; Notwithstanding that certain feat
ures were eliminated from . the original
plans the estimated cost Is increased by
$1200. Double floorings have been taken
out and only one coat of paint will be laid
on the old wood work. Commissioner
Manson says that the City Architect has
added certain details not Included In the
preliminary -estimates, which ; called for
an addition too severely plain, and the In
creased cost of material made up the bal
ance. aUEKMtUtSBSi
BOARD BLUNDERS
IN AN ESTIMATE
Cost of Addition to Dud
ley Stone School
Increased.^
Suspicion That Hotel "Club": Is Again
Infected With _ Phelanism—Pro
gress of District Organizations.
Governor Gage . yesterday . appointed D.
W. Field of Los Angeles Building .and
Loan Commissioner, to succeed Frank ;H.
Gould, whose term of four years, had.ex
pired.. Myron - Wolf and Frank Marston of
this city .were applicants for the position
and each; had strong hopes of winning the
prize. There 'will not be another vacancy
on this board until E. D. McCabe's term
expires.
¦j Republican ; Primary League. \
During the last few days, to evince their
earnest - desire to secure harmony among
all well meaning Republicans, the direct
ors of the Republican Primary League
have * entertained suggestions looking ta
the consolidation of the league with the
body known as the California Republican
Association, or Grand Hotel : Club. Both
bodies claimed to be organized for the
same purpose, uamely/to abolish the per
nicious influence of the bosses in primary
and general elections, and there seemed
to be no good reason why any body of Re
publicans claiming to be actuated by such
motives should set up an independent or
ganization, which would necessarily di
vert some votes— few or many— from the
ranks of those opposed to the bosses. A
conference was therefore had by officers
of the league and of the so-called "Grand
Hotel" movement, and to test the sincer
ity of the latter the directors of the Re
publican Primary League submitted v a
proposition which was not only fair but
most extravagantly liberal.
Notwithstanding the manifest superior
ity of the league in organization; numeri
cal strength and political force, they
tested the loyalty of the officers of the
Grand Hotel movement to the- Republican
party by suggesting the league's willing
ness to add to their eleven directors any
eleven men of the so-called Grand Hotel
movement, and to allow the latter's offi
cers to retain their positions in the new
committee which would thus be created.
No Consolidation Effected.
This proposition being declined, a' coun
ter proposition was made involving the
giving up of both the name and head
quarters, as well as the organization of
:he league, which the league's directors
ndighantly declined, stating, however,
their willingness to meet more than half
way on any fair basis, considering this
advisable merely as a proposition to en
courage all honest Republicans in the idea
that there would be no division in the
ranks. ¦.. .: ¦
Further negotiations led to further
propositions. The Grand Hotel people
suggested that each organization appoint
.a committee of five. : the ten so appointed
to select, a committee- "of eighteen, one
from each Assembly "district, the twenty
eight to constitute the "committee of con
trol." This was not satisfactory, but was
acceptable. They further proposed that
the league should abandon its name and
headquarters and that the joint organiza
tion should assume a neutral name and
take neutral headquarters.
These propositions were regarded by the
league directors as preposterous and un
fair in view of the fact that their head
quarters had been leased and rent there
of paid in advance for several months,
but In the interest of harmony even these
absurd propositions, : undoubtedly made
with a view of their non-acceptance by
be league, were agreed to. Thereupon
tie Grand Hotel people asked also that
ieir officers should be the officers of the
)Int organization. The league asked that
the committee of twenty-eight proposed
by the others should elect the officers.
This was refused. The league thereupon
determined not to accede ¦ to the sugges
tion to abandon headquarters or name
and after giving the Grand. Hotel people
until Friday at midnight to show that
they really desired in good faith to har
monize, the directors of the league de
cided to proceed without further refer
ence to the few men representing the
other so-called organization, fr*
Scarcely a dozen of the original pro
moters of the Grand Hotel anti-boss i
movement of 1899 can be found with the
present club that is masquerading under
the old name. In fact, the existing coterie
which the Republican Primary League
has seen fit to notice is. simply the tag
end of the so-called Citizens' Republican
Association of California, which held a
few meetings in the Mills building two
years ago, but failed to achieve recogni
tion as a Republican organization. It was
really started to promote the interests of
two or three men who were candidates for
office. The politicians who are now trying
to Infuse life into the defunct association
haye a candidate for Sheriff and a candi
date for District Attorney. A half-dozen
well-meaning but misguided anti-boss Re
publicans have been persuaded to join the
_The real founders of the so-called Grand
Hotel movement 1 worked honestly to over
throw boss, rule, but while they were
£? + rk v! n & in , t !l e flcid scheming politicians
got hold of the organization, knifed the
Republican municipal ticket, voted for
Phelan, and shamefully betrayed Horace
Davis, the distinguished leader of the
anti-boss forces.
The Republican Primary ; League was
organized to. awaken public interest in the
primary election, to rally the reform
forces and- secure good local government
through^ the agency of the Republican
party. It cannot afford an alliance with
organizations known to be infected with
Phelanism and suspected of having indi
viduals tc- favor in the nominating con
vention. The league is doing good and
should continue its efforts on the lines
already established. The real promoters
and true anti-boss Republicans who were
foremost in the work of establishing th»
original Grand Hotel party are now act
ive supporters of the league.
Address o*n Registration.
The following appeal to citizens is is
sued by the league: *
. The Republican Primary League desir**- 1»
call the attention of voters In general to thP
fact that registration for the primary election
to be held on August 13. 1901. will cease on Au"
gust 3. ten days prior to election. All citiz-'r*
not registered at the lasf election should reg
ister; all who came of . age . since the last gen
eral election also, and all citizens not registered
who have secured a legal residence in the Statp
and county since the. last general election- all
foreign-born citizens naturalized within ninety
days next preceding the last general election
and prior to May 15. 1901; all electors who have
changed their residence from another county in
this State to this county since the last general
election and prior to May 15, 1901, should
register. ... - , .
The largest class who must register Is where
a citizen was registered but has moved out of
his precinct. All this class must register In
or i e 1 t0 v .? te \. A " cltlzei >» who rareTon the
register and who have made no change of resi
dence^since the last ' general "election need not
The^ primary is the unit of political power
and the league urges all citizens, regardless of
party, to register and thus be prepared to vote
for the men who will select their party candi
dates, m T. P. WOODWARQ President
LINCOLN E. SAVAGE. Secretary^ ™ • ,
District Organization.
The committee. on^^organization of the
Republican club organized under the aus
pices of the .Republican .' league * In the
Twenty-ninth Assembly District has been
selected as follows: J.S: Parry, president
of, the Retail Cigar Dealers' Union ? 56
Third street; J. S. Elliott, grocer, 302 Third
street; E. C. Havens. Pacific - Transfer
Company; T. F. Sheehan; J. Nagelniaker
liquor dealer, 224, Fourth street?; J F*
Kingston,", grocer, ; 110 Fourth street; j -Vj'
Daughney,- Strock ; . &¦ Daughney, ' 684
Fourth : street ; J. : B. McNamara; 117 City
H £U ayenue ; W. J. Wynn. machinist. -
-The 'Republicans - of > the Forty-second
Assembly ;. District • met - last " night at
Brotherhood Hall; 310 O'Farrell street/for
Directors Convinced Tag-
Enders Do Not Want
Harmony. -
League -Ends Negotia
tions With Grand
Hotel Committee.
REPUBLICANS
OF THE CITY
ARE ACTIVE
THE SAN; JFKA^CJSCO -CAIiL, SUKDAY, . JUNE 23, 190U
An Insolvent merchant.
; WIlllamG. Flint, a dry groods merchant
of San Jose, filed a petition In insolvencv
yesterday . in the United States Circuit
Court. He owes $8503 39 and has $5015 as-
Verus cures piles or $50 reward. All up
to-date druggrlsts sell and guarantee it. •
purpose of effecting a permanent organi
zation. • - .
22
ADVERTISEMENTS.
50 Dress Patterns of MOHAIR CREPONS AND SILK AND
WOOL FIGURED POPLINS, In a good line of this
season's colorings, such as Grans, Navns, Browns,
Modes, Castor and Heliotrope. • • • •
...Price $6.OO Pattern
[•y .Former Price, ?12.OO.
25 pieces 50 and 58 INCH STRIPED CHEVIOTS, .In NaYQ
and White, Black and White, Brown and. White}
:':f- also mixed effects with Golored stripes, 1 this seasons
latest goods for tallop-made suits.
.............. ....Reduced to Sl-OO Yard
75 Dress Patterns BLACK FIGURED ENGLISH PIEROLAS,
pure silk mohair finish, In a good yarletu of new
¦designs. . . . . ........ . :..'. Price $4.50 Pattern
Former Price ?9.OO Pattern. ' .£g
18' pieces BLACK FIGURED NOVELTY DRESS FABRICS,
small, medium and large patterns, goods soli hu us
all this season at $2.00 per nard. Price to close..., *
.. .. .. .... .................... $1.00 per Yard
Our entire stock of Best Qualltu JAPANESE WASH
. SILKS., jn Pinks, ---Blues, Lavender, Turiiuolsei
; Pongee, Red, and Black and. White....
. . .....; .^;... Reduced to 35c Yard
15 pieces 24-iNCH BLACK TAFFETA SILK, extra heaYu
aualltu. and guaranteed to wear. Price 85c Yard ;
EX'TRA SPRCIAI
750 dozen LADIES' FINE SWISS EMBROIDERED BAND
COLLARS, 65 different patterns. 4 for 25 Cents
• Former Price 15c Each.
111, 113. 115. 1IT. 119. 121 POST STREET.
: Dr.\B:i B-; Lyqn, ; returned f ronV ? East'and
resumed' his' practice at 1 628 Sutter, st.^ •
; The total'amiount of money coln*>rf v^.
all -.of .Queen Victoria's predecessftrl }Z
the throne. was^Jl .025,000. WW During the
Trapper's' Oil cures rhsunjatlsm and BeuralHa.
Druggists. * Co ,^™u^
Spend Yovr Vacation on the Sovnd.
$^ ROUND^ TO1£|
QJiffi ¦ - Inc uJin 3 Borth w : :
7^-^^. KKt-Chsi Sleeping Car.
SAN FRANCISCO
, — to— . ;¦¦¦«¦
J July' 6tL-
S. ckets ood , returning for 60 days
Cheapest; rail way rate ever made
• Only limited number of tickets sold
Make reservations , early. Address
THE AMERICAN GUARANTY
AND TDUST COMPANY;,;
328 Montgomery St.,
t an Francisco. •,
XXK.
CURB '
AN'^UNFAILING REMEDY-
RELIEF, and ! IMPROVEMENT
.In all cases. A CERTAIN CURB
£TT*;» t 1 h^T^ arly ' sta &es of CON- v
; SSMraioN.^-- ¦{ one < month- s •
.• ,., TREATMENT— including a case *
i of four 12-ounce bottles of medi-
-,;-. cine— $20. ; - 'Address, ./
THE WHITTINGTON COMPANY,
, •_,;,•; WM^WHITTZNaTOM/M. D; K»n»gjp. =
Cor. Gea ry Street and G rant A ve n i ue.
SPECIAL SALE— SHiRT WAISI S
l \T"' 1 f n Basement Salesroom. •
"? ~^~ ?" . There is 1-v the neighborhood of ; 100 dozen, "all told ' A--""* a
RCL^ of these sum ner shirt waists for women with which we nr «- "'
sJCJl/ commence ¦- tn s sale Monday morning.. .The season's
.2 ;v,.:^* es } and best styles— lawns,:: batiste and percale in v -'^^'
f — r-f desirable colors, light, medium and dark;and attrac-*— — — —_ __
at V ?.. " .^" C r. n deslgn - '-¦ Actual 5 1 - 00 and $1.25 waists, and all sizes trom 32 to 41/
_ # _ — — . 55c
Women's Tailored Suit
Special Sale.
Separate Skirts
Foip Country Wear.
Styles that you want for tramping;
walking lengths; dust-shedding, wash-
able, cooland serviceable; crash, co-
vert and linen sorts; carefully mafle.
correct in hsng and with deep hem
stitched several times around— fitting
companions, to the comfortable shirt
waist, . and priced as ' to quality and
f_tyle^ at jgt 25, S1.50 and up to
$3.50. Full length skirts in similar
styles Sl.SOup to S7.5O.
Chl!dren?s New
Washable Suits.
There's coolness, comfort and stvle
combined with moderate price in th ree
newjines of washable suits for little
folks,' agea 4 to 12 years, which we
have just put in stock— the exaso Hn»n
at ft y .50. Chambray at sfPrV and
colored striped crash; blue, brown tan
pink and rose, at $2.00 All hW
large collar and trimmings or piqul
and braid in contrast. ¦ pique
AD VEETISEttrEKTS.
EXPERT .'OPTidlAir.
MayerleV. Classes
Strengthen the Eye anfl Brain
and are used by the highest U. S. Army,
NavV and Government officials because
they are FAR SUPERIOR to : all
others for reading or distance, weak
eyes, poor sight, headaches, dizziness,
cloudiness of vision, floating spots, pain
about the N eyes, behind the head or in
temples, nervousness, sore 'eyes,' dis-
charging eyes, feeling like sand in the
eyes, crosseyes, burning, smarting, itch-
ing, ¦ scratching, twitching, gluey eyes,
heavy eyelids, etc.
GEORGE liAYERLE,
German • Expert Optician. . ; '.i .'
GERMAN OPTICAL INSTITUTE.
Alpo . graduate AMERICAN COLLEGE OF
OPHTHALMOLOGY. (Charter Member-Amer-
ican Association cf Opticians.) ST' :i^';'
1O71^ Market Street.
(Opposite Hibernia Bank), San Francisco, Cal.
Persons onJerlngr glasses by mall should state
their age; also whether glasses are wanted for
reading or distance, or both, and what prlc«. ¦
•• Consultation. Examination and^ Advice Free.
Telephone South 672.
OPEN EVENINGS UNTIL 8.
.GERMAN EYEWATER, 50c.
CUT THIS OUT.
n . ...^^- ¦ - ' H
I Unmatchable Values I
P Now Being Offered I
I For this week we have prepared a list of special I
I attractions that will prove profitable reading to all I
I economical purchasers. Prices are low—the lowest 1
I ever quoted for such Reliable Goods." 1
I Leather Belts — At Reduced Prices §&p$ 1
I To-morrow, to close out quickly, we place on sale, way I
| below regular price, 500 Ladies' Leather Belts, in a great 1
I variety of the latest shapes, comprising the Citwel, I
I Laced Bodice, Pointed front and back, etc., all in this sea- i
I son s most popular dip styles which gives the tapering H
I effect in front. Note the reductions : |
I 65c Belts now 46c $1.25 Belts now $ .75 1
I 75C Belts now 50c $1.50 Belts now 1.00 I
I 90c Belts now tfOc $ 2.25 Belts now 1 .00 |
I Ladies' Neckwear-Redoced to 50c 1
fl • Closing out— large lot of odd neckwear, tomorrow and Tues- 1
H day but we cannot guarantee all the styles to last 1
g two days. This season's latest — in. Silk Embroidered i
| and Hemstitched Ties, Satin Stock Collars with gold and I
fe Persian trimmings, Novelty Handkerchief "Ties, Washable i
y l u ™ mer A Neckwear, etc., that were 75c, $i. and $1.25 each |
I Reduced for this sale to 50c P?T^i • I
I Ladies' Dress Skirts— Reduced to $l. c**^) 1
I Selected from our regular stock for Special sale tomorrow §
| a lot of nicely made Duck Dress Skirts, made from good I
| quality navy blue duck, suitable 'for, summer wear; some I
p are prettily trimmed with white "braid, others are braided 1
| m white, all in latest flounce and -flare style; heretofore §
| sold at #1.75, $2.00 and $2.25 each, now $1.00. I
I Sofa Cushions— $1.00 . <«- *••*). |'-
I We offeras a special in our Art Department tomorrow, 1
I | splendid lot of Cretonne, Sateen and Denim-covered I
fe Sofa Cushions m a great variety of floral and conventional I
1 designs that come in the prettiest of colors, finished with I
| five-inch double ruffle. Size is 22 inches square— your I
h choice of the entire lot while they last $1.00 each. |
1 Mercerized Drapery— 25c («-,no«) I
I Mercerized Royaline Crepe. The very latest in soft 1
» finished cotton drapery, 36 inches wide in beautiful floral 1
n designs comes In such colors as Nile Green, Delphe, Red 1
I Navy Blue, etc., making the prettiest bed room curtains' I
g bed coverings and drapes, also extensively used for com- 5
i Linen Mesh Cloth— $1.00 V^Jj
g Why not make your own linen underwear and save monev? I
I \\ e keep Linen Mesh Cloth in our Underwear Department I
In for making, the -most healthful, comfortable- and durable I
underwear -known; comes inches wide ;in medium.!
-J*ight for summer and heavy weight for- winter wear I
r rice $1.00 a yard. ¦¦--¦-. ¦¦; -•,•• ., ...... ,. B
We ha ve all materials necessary for finishing Linen Mesh I
Garments including Laces, Ribbed Anklets and Wristlets. |
-adies Bathing Suits— -$3.00 j
io? ffi g f$F£?JL^ onda y : Exceptionally well selected I
. lot of Ladies' Black AlpacayBathing Suits, prettily trim- 1
med with whitebraid-all sizes, 32 to 44~fits and looks 1"
like a very expensive suit but the price is only $3.OO. §
en's Handkerchiefs— Q c Lercimrs--.d.r* ' I
125 to 13/ Kearny 5tmt~\J
Special Sale. r^^^v
We have prepared for tremendous sellinj? ' for • the ' ' j \ \\ W
next week in our spacious suit section: Fact is.' never / A" fljlfj -
¦ before in the history of our business have we ever of- !*( JfcjSS*/
fered thus early in the season such a magnificent lot \\lirW
of stylish,. high-class suits! at. such a low uniform price h\ /^ \ - V c
—suits wprth regular- $18.50, $20.00 and' $25.00. . 'fW' I
Priced,
A collection \ representing the season's best and most • &E \ I
stylish, productions; tailored perfection. • in covert A i \ A
Venetian and broadcloth; colors navy, browns, tans', / • \ \
5ilr a i!?<5 Iac^7P r »ncipaIly-Eton and short coat effects: ' / d^ V
silk lined, and the skirts lined with percaline or silk. - % |^>
f^k THIS MILLINERY STORE c §!fl|^ >
W$ ] AND $5.00 TRIMMtl) HATS-
j||P|* Practical and studied millinery experience has
*jfSm taught that only the best of correct materials placed in
•4&^ th -e hands of expert trimmers produces, style and quality
¦pjr which attract. ; Such combination will be found in the
V collection of superb creations of the latest design and
idea popularly, priced for the new week's' selling at $5.
Styles which you'd be asked elsewhere $8 to $12 for. '
The-Latest
Shirt Waists
j. Comprise soraa
.^agL very chic tt-
tecta. Many of
j /^aS. BUC " received
SsrsSp during tha
E week. "W «
£ ' ->TV^^ gladly show
Ik TV I T ' lree Sf V'e» at
I //\ 3 $ 67.50 each
/ / >C\P * Are Partlcular-
/ / /T vY \ J y stylish and
>/ I pretty. Others
\f I \ ¦ a ' lower p; Ices
V I equally desir-
\ I able.
\/ Black Dress SMrts
Y * Duck Skirts
jf\ tor summer
SUA \ ¦. a , r : : Alpaca
C P\. S&*\ s k ' r t a for
tvv'^A. summer wear*
V_^->>>^ J3 Etamlne Skirts
>-^^^— **^ for summer "
I wear.
| New Ta? r or Suits
THE BLACK GOODS HOUSE
1106 Market Street. :; :
TELEPHONE SOUTH 4T3.
§R.T. KENNEDY COMPANY.
• ' : - ¦ f ¦
\ 'tL:_;lr.^:...| ;[?;.!
; BOOKCASES
I And Combination Desks and Book
Cases— in Oak or Cherry— handsome
up-to-date and well finished, plain—
fancy— ornamental, to suit any on«»«
desires. We also furnish your hous«
complete for the smallest conceivable
sum.,. Just come in and be convinced
ijy our prices. (
THE J. H00515 FORHTOBE COMPAIT 1
(Incon>orated),
1 0 1 7- f 023 M Isslon Street
AbQve Sixth, • ' San Francisco.
"We close at 8 p. m. every day, but
Saturday.
DR.M0NUIM:
fl^HIS WELL-KNOWN AND RRLIABLE OLD
»JHe<l Disorders. Boot on Diseases of M«il. S»«l
o tl ™ ir ea « n £T x E'ii e " < :*- T ,? Tn ™ reasonable. Hours.
Bto3dally;6:30to3.30«Vgs. Sundayn.iOto 12. ConanK
taUoorreeandsacredlyconfldentfialcaSort^Stt
• . P.' BO8COE MeNUIiTY; II.' D.
S8 Ji &«»n>x HU, »aa Franeiseo, fV-
n Balboa stopped when -he • xr—^3^ H
g saw the Pacific. Those in w
I quest of "smart" shoes stop at /^^^V^^P^ 1
T our store in admiration and re- L "/^^^^^% ¦ ¦ B
; I turn again and again in satis- /_J C^^^^^ 1
I faction. Our $3.50 shoes wear j^^^-^t. I
I well, look well and feel well, fi"^ lP?lk I
X an^ are the most fashionable lM^^ I
I footwear on the market. We IW prf fgm ffl
I keep all the new shapes and W\ *&-,$&/[ i
£ materials. That's why our gtJ^ ®f*W i
E store is always crowded' these Mp^^^/^^X m
I days. If you wish to be con- J i
H tented with your purchases «^wT - TF M
g , visit our new $3.50 depart- / \^Vv 1/ B
g ment. Out-of-town custom- / A-vJ 9
g crs Who write to us willbe ~~ — / JA * Kv~~~fii
g given every attention. \ /fy V r^ '¦GENERAL STERNBERG
ARRIVES IN THE CITY
ON WAY TO MANILA
Head of Medical Department of the United
States Army Arrives in this Gity and
Will Leave on Hancock for Philippines
however, as was proved by the hospital
records. Two men were taken in during
the day, each more or less seriously
wounded. "One of these was Owen Dona
hue of Company H, Fifth Infantry, of
Napa, wfto wa3 shot in the right breast.
The muzzle of the rifle was close to his
breast at the time and the wound was as
much from the blast of the discharge as
from the wad A hole was blown In the
man's side just outside of the chest cav
ity, and it may affect the use of his arm.
The other case was that of Milton E. For
syth of Sacramento, ar private in the Sec
' ond Infantry, whose face was badly pow
der-burned by the discharge of a gun.
The firing drill of the* brigades partook
SOLDIERS STORM FORBIDDING RIDGES
'MID TUMULT AND TERROR OF BATTLE
AT DAMPING GROUNDS IN SANTA CRUZ
Final Day of \ the. National Gu^rd Programme on Laveaga Heights
Is Made Memorable by a Sham and Now the'
-Troops Await Sourtding of ''The General" for Striking of Tents
MOB FIRES ON TBAI1T
CONVEYING SOLDIERS '
HOUSTON. Tex., June 22.— The special
train bearing troops from Trinity arrived
here this afternoon riddled with bullets.
The cavalry arrived at Trinity this morn
ing at 2 o'clock and at once relieved the
siege of the light guard, who were kept
Jn a schoolhouse with an armed mob
forming a cordon ' around It. The -be
leaguered soldiers marched back to the
train with the negro, Levy Spencer. In
their midst 'and boarded It without moles
tation, but as the train pulled out the mob
fired several volleys at the train. The
soldiers returned the fire and reported at
least three members of the mob hit. The
negro . was taken to the penitentiary at
Huntsville for safekeeping and the sol
diers returned home.
Wreck of Fast Freight Train.
ASHLAND.Or., June 22.— The Southern
Pacific fast freight train No. 222 from San
Francisco was badly, wrecked this after
noon seven miles south of Ashland, com
ing down the Slskiyou Mountains. A car
wheel broke and three loaded cars were
thrown into the, ditch. The track was
torn \ up for a considerable distance. ' but
none of the crew was injured. . Traffic was
delayed about six hours. -
CRADDOCK, Cape Colony, June 22.— In
an engagement at "Waterkloof on June 20
the British lost eight men killed and two
fatally, wounded and had four men seri
ously injured. In addition, sixty-six men
of the Cape (Colonial) ; Mounted Rifles
were captured. Captain : Sparidow Is re
ported to have been wounded and one
Boer was killed.
SOUTHAMPTON. June 22.-Before sail
ing for South Africa to-day. J. X. Merri
man, the former treasurer of Cape Colony,
one of the Boer delegates who have been
'agitating in behalf of the South African
republics, said:
"I believe the. British workmen are at
last discovering that they have been
tricked into the war." They ' have had to
do .all the fighting and a** the starving,
but are getting few rewards. South Afri
ca will be poorer and wages will beiower.
Johannesburg will see her former days no
more.
"The concentration camps are mls-
Boys Are Philippine Veterans.
SAN JOSE, June 22.— Felton Glasgow, a
12-year-old colored boy, and Fred C
Black, a white boy two years his senior,
were arrested by Deputy' Sheriff Rives
and brought to the County Jail this after
noon on suspicion that they had run
away from home. The suspicion was soon
dlspelledr* however, . as ..- the precocious
youngsters produced papers to show they
are Philippine veterans. The colored lad ,
whose home is at Lake Forrest, 111;, spent
one I year In the Philippines as "a < servant
of - Captain Bowen of the Fifth/United
States Infantry. Black . had seen two
years'-, service with the same regiment In
a like position and exhibited papers signed
by Lieutenant W. B. Burt. >'
BOER FORCE CAPTURES A PARTY
OF COLONIAL MOUNTED RIFLES
Kills Eight and Wounds Six of the Enemy and Suffers
the Loss of but Two ok Its Number.
named. They are not refugee camps, but
prisons. ; The people kept there are no
more refugees than are the inmates of
Portland Prison." -. . :¦-¦¦.''¦ -¦¦¦:¦¦**'¦ r -
BRITISH CAVALRY ROUT
MAD MULLAH'S HORDE
One Hundred of the Enemy Slain and
Their Leader Barely Escapss'
Capture.
ADEN, June 22.— The Mad Mullah, after
the recent repulse by Captain MacNelll
of his attack upon the British zariba' ac
cidentally encountered the main British
force of cavalry and mounted Infantry
which immediately attacked and routed
him. The pursuit was continued through
out the night. A hundred of the enemv
were killed and the Mullah and the Sultan
of Nur narrowly escaped capture. - The
British force lost seven killed and
wounded. ¦- --^ » .
Killed by Railroad Train.
SACRAMENTO, June 22.— Fred Strang
was struck by a railroad train near Rock
lin to-day while he was_ sleeping near the
railroad track. He : was brought to the
railroad hospital in this city, where he
died shortly afterward. His mother, Mrs
Anna Strang, lives at Dallas, Tex. V '*>^'
San Jose Merchant Fails.
SAN "JOSE; June 22.— The dry goods
stcre of W. G. Flint on South Second
street was closed by Sheriff Langford last
evening on two attachment ' suits ' aggre
gating J2700. One Is by the Garden City
Bank of this city for $600 and the balance
is the combined claims of San 1 : Francisco
creditors. Flint had conducted a store here
for the last ten years. .. • .
to the ground, leaving not a thing stand
ing" but. the regimental colors and the
brigade guidon before headquarters.
At once the men rolled up the tents and
bound the tent poles together, while the
quartermaster went up and down the
rows, checked them up and saw them
loaded ' into the wagons which had ar
rived'to haul them away. Before 2 o'clock
everything was ready, and at that time,
with band playing and colors flying, and
cheered by the soldiers whom they left
behind » the brigade left the camp on its
¦way home.
The Battle of the Bidges.
During the morning the ' .- Second and
Third Brigades were taken out on the pa
rade ground to be put through the firings,
and for two hours the rattle of musketry
played a tattoo for the camp. It was a
good drill in all the firings, but it had
mere behind it than the mere use of the
rifle. Very few blank cartridges hadTieen
used In camp, and as a consequence there
were many left that would help to make
the last night exciting. But when the
men returned from the drill blanks were
scarce in camp. They had shot practically
all of them away. There were a few left,
swering to Bullman's call. Increased ; the
daylight ' between himself and Terminus
to four lengths. • • ¦ . ¦ "
Straightening out for : the drive in the
stretch the horses gave an Inkling of the
final result of, the race.-. "The-Parader is
beaten!", came from the throats of thou
sands. "Bullman is "going after him!", as
Waddell passed the : crack Eastern | colt,
and Bullman never, had any -doubt of his
victory. The ¦> Parader- was two lengths
before Terminus, with the tired or sulky
Bonnifcert" fourth, three lengths ahead of
His Eminence, ¦ on which . Odom was mak
ing one •" of his whirlwind finishes. - The
remainder of the field was beaten off.
Down 'to the wire and • under it flashed i
the. winner. Robert Waddell, still full; of I
running,'- a length ahead-' of • Terminus,"
which just snatched second place from
The Parader by a neck. The Parader was
five lengths ahead of Bonnibert and the
remainder of the field' straggled under the
¦wire just ahead of the surging crowd that
broke into' the infield and over the fences .
to greet the equine hero and his popular I
jockey,' Bullman. ¦ I
¦¦[.'¦ Results in Detail. . J
'Following Is a summary of the day's i
races: ' ' . " , ' ¦ I
One mile— Caviar, won.'- Advance Guard 'sec
ond.O Jizntnez .third. Time. 1:40 1-5. *' ,-•".
Six- furlongfB— Isla " won. , George Arnold . sec
ond,- Sevoy third. • Time, "1:13 4-5. '¦ : .
L - The "American -Derby, mile and a half—Rob
ert Waddell, 119 (Bullman), 12 to 1. f won ; Ter
i minus, r 122 . (Coburn). 15 to ¦ 1 ' and 6 to 1, " sec
ond;'The Parader/ 127. (PlgrBOtt). 3 to 1.. third.
Time, 2:3S 4-5.* Bonnibert; Hla Eminence, Sana
zarro, ' Six Shooter, Beau - Gallant, « Silverdale
and Sadie 8 also ranr" • - •
¦ Seven and -a < half : furlongs— Federal won,
I Flaunt second: 'Anthracite. third. Time. 1:35." ~.
• : ¦ ¦ Four and a j half j furl ongs- Endurance • by
SlB'itnHlBBBIIHBBMaKSHAaBnMiBiMMl
of the nature of a sham battle in which
the regiments stormed the . hill and de
fended it, advanced and retreated and
went through • the battle formations, fill
ing the air with powder smoke. They were
at it for the three hours of the drill timo
and returned to camp tired and jubilant
over having captured every ridge and ra
vine of the opposing side.
'William Champion. Company I, Second
Infantry, of Grass Valley, was taken to
the hospital to-day to have a bayonet
wound in the. thigh dressed. There had
been, some rough play in the company
street and Champion came out of It with
half an inch of bayonet in his flesh.
Major Rablee, regimental surgeon of
the Seventh Infantry, was sent to the
Lane Hospital In San Francisco this
morning- to be' operated' on for appendi
citis. -
There was a football game in town to
day between teams from the Seventh In
fantry and the Third Brigade. Honors
were even, for the score was 6 to 6. Sev
eral old Stanford players were In the lines
and the game was a good one. Yesterday
a baseball team from the Fifth Infantry
beat a team from the town by a score of
8 to 3.
Bight won. Magic second, Pentecost third.
Time. :54 2-5.
Seven and a half furlongs — Barrack wan,
Possart second, - Sam McKeever third. Time,
1:34.
NATIONAL GUARDSMEN PACKING CAMP EQUIPAGE AT THE LAVEA
GA HEIGHTS, NEAR SANTA CRUZ, AND PREPARING TO DEPART
AFTER A WEEK SPENT- IN ARDUOUS FIELD SERVICE.
The moving spirits In the syndicate
positively decline to disclose the purchase
price or the amount paid. The Sutter
street line Is mainly a cable road, but it is
given out here that the syndicate will
change the entire system Into an electric
line. The syndicate. is backed by a group
of the heaviest capitalists In the East
It regards California, and^San Francisco
in particular, as a good field for the in
vestment ot capital, and. the purchase of
this line Is looked upon as a stepping
stone to other investments of far greater
magnitude. .'¦¦'•uvc
BALTIMORE, June 22.— It was an
nounced here to-day that the syndicate
which recently purchased the San Fran
cisco and San Mateo Electric Railway In
San Francisco h3S just closed another big
deal, by which the Sutterystreet line of
San Francisco passes into its hands. The
first installment on the purchase price
was made to-day and accepted by R. F.
Morrow, president of the Sutter street
road. The sale Includes the entire plant
and all its branches and connections. It
Is understood that the deal also includes
the Sutro line of the same city.
fTN TUbliaaTLN G DATA
fbom: census bubeal*
One-Fourth of the Population of
California Is Foreign
Born.
"WASHINGTON, June 22.— The Census
Bureau to-day gave out the first of a
eeries of eleven bulletins giving the popu
lation by sex. general nativity and color
by groups of States and Territories. The
group announced to-day comprises Ala
bama, Alaska, Arizona, Arkansas, Cali
fornia, Colorado and Connecticut. In all
these males constitute the larger percent
age of the total population.
In Alaska, which shows the largest dis
proportion of the sexes, the males are
nearly three-quarters, or 72.1 per cent of
the population; in Arizona, 58.1; in Cali
fornia, 55.2; in Colorado, 54.7. There is
only a slight excess of males In Alabama
and Arkansas, while in Connecticut the
population is about evenly divided, the
difference in favor of the males being only
1GS in a total population in 1900 of 908.420.
The foreign born element constitutes
about one-fourth of the population of Cal
ifornia and Connecticut, not quite one
fifth of Alaska and Arizona and a little
more than one-sixth of Colorado's popu
lation. They constitute, however, less
than one per cent in. Alabama and a little
over one per cent in Arkansas.
In Colorado and Connecticut 9S per cent
of the population is white, California al
most 95 per cent, the rest being mostly
Chinese. In Arizona the colored, who are
principally Indians, constitute not quite
one-fourth of the total population, while
the colored element in Arkansas, being al
most wholly persons of negro descent,
constitute 28 per cent of the population.
CEKEAL HABVEST FALLS
SHOBT I2T PBTJSSIA
Deficit "Will Be the Largest and Host
Disastrous in Recent •
Years.
•WASHINGTON. June 22.— It is now rec
ognized as Inevitable that the cereal har
vests of 1931 in Prussia will show the
largest and most disastrous deficit that
has been recorded in recent years, and the
requirements of the German empire In re
spect to foreign grown foodstuffs will far
exceed those in any recent year.
These statements are included In a long
report upon the deficit in German bread
stuffs received at the State Department
from Consul General Mason at Berlin.
In view of the serious state or affairs a
memorial has been addressed to Count
von Bulow of Prussia, calling attention to
the threatened calamity which overhangs
the agricultural population and urging
that the Government conform to certain
prescribed measures of relief.
MUTE SUPERINTENDENT
KILLED IN A SHAFT
"While Working at Night in Lower
California He Falls Over One
Hundred Feet.
SAN* DIEGO. June 22.~Charles . Hollen
beck, superintendent of the Riveroll mines
at Jaoalitos. In Lower ..-California, was
killed last Wednesday night while attend
ing the ore bucket at the Soledad mines.
The body was brought to Ensenada for
burial yesterday and the report of the
death reached here only to-day. Hollen
beck fell down the main shaft, which Is
140 feet deep. He had been % mine super
intendent below the line for several years
an.l was with the Riveroll mines for about
six months. His famDy resides near Ba
kersfield. .
r ¦:. -., ...-•::¦; .-.¦-. '• •
jcs^, AMP^GAGE, SANTA CRUZ* June
ff\ .22.— To-day was thebeglnning of
(Li ., the ! end. The First Brigade has
gone. and. the camp ground it oc
cupied is clean as a barn floor.
Troop. A of the cavalry. left last night at
12 o'clock and the signal corps " of San •
Francisco started this morning at 7. The
Salinas troop of cavalry. left at noon to
day, and the Los Angeles . troop and the
Los Angeles signal corps went be
fore the First - Brigade. -. To-morrow, the^
remainder of the troops will break camp.'
The flag will be raised, as usual In the
morning, but at half past 7 o'clock or soon
after a guard from the regiment still in '
camp will be formed on the color line ana
the flag will be lowered with the national
salute of twenty-one guns ; and the . banus j
playing. .
The- Sixth Regiment struck tents last
evening and the men j slept under
shelter canvases. The Sixth is scheduled '
to go away to-morrow morning, so every
thing possible in the way, of preparation
was done to-night. The men found time for
a v right merry evening, however, for the
camp was gay with laughter and songs
and cheers for favorite officers and men.
Now and then a man would suddenly
shoot into^ the air, high over the white
tents, "for the blanket: was out and-tne:
victims tossed • wei e many. . v ~ ¦
/The Second. will follow the Sixth, with j
its cavalry troop and signal . corps, and >
the two regiments of the Second Brigaue
will then prepare for flight. The tilth
will go first.v dropping its companies as
it goes northward. Then the First will
leave. Last of all will go General Dick
inson and the division staff.. .
S~".?? Bugles Sound an Alarm. : '
Last night after.- taps' the buglers 'of
Troop A- startled the camp with "Boots
and saddles," but the Sixth Regiment was
the only one to come to arms. A. battalion
was thrown out in open order along. the
brush back of the regimental . camp and
along the ravine on the other side.'while
a double picket line was thrown across
the ridge above and below the camp. The
other battalions formed in the company
streets. to await .developments, for. , the
Sixth was not going to be taken In any
night attack. The situation was explain
ed, however, "and- the 1 regiment retired."
The Seventh Infantry was ready to
strike tents at 11 o'clock. Tent ropes had
all been cast loose and men~ stood .by
every guy waiting. the. "general;". which is
the signal to drop all tents. The call came
at ll.o'clock sharp, and before it had died
away, the canvas collapsed and fluttered
Just about paid the expenses of the colt's
It was 3:50 o'clock whenthe horses came
out of the paddock to parade .before the
stand. In two minutes they were at the
post. They got away eleven minutes later
after one false break. Sanazarro showed
first a neck ahead of. Six Shooter. Bon
nibert was third. • Beau . Gallant fourth.
The Parader fifth, Terminus sixth, Robert
Waddell seventh, .Sllverdafe eighth/ Sadie
S ninth and His Eminence - last. .. ¦'
Rounding the turn the positions., were
not altered much, except : that Piggott
took' The Parader into the lead to set. the
pace. That may ;have. been. the colt s un
doing. Passing the stand . for ; the first
time, the field was well in hand.. with The
Parader. a length • ahead of- Robert Wad
dellv which had dropped into second po
sition without, any jostling -or crowding.
Waddell was two lengths ahead of; Sadie-
S • ; Bonnibert ";. was - fourth'' ana Pruning
easily. "Terminus was. fifth," two -lengths
ahead of Silverdale. . Six .Shooter ; was a
neck in front of Sanazarro, ¦ which was a
length ahead of Beau Gallant. His Emi
nence was still last."- -:' . '. , . ,, '. . .
* ix^The. Parader Forges Ahead. ; .
Turning into the back stretch, ,The
Parader had ' increased his lead ¦ to three
lengths, while :¦ Waddell; hung on nicely,
two lengths . ahead \ of* Bonnibert. . «adie S
and . the, others behind appeared ¦ to: be
rated according to orders. / . . : ¦ ->-, ?Y'
H At the half-pole The Parader still held
his lead of two lengths and Waddell . was
still • in , place," < running kindly;
while • Terminus •: had'. moved into- .third
place.," The; pace .began: to tell "at; the far
tarn and 'The Parader's lead was cut down
by; the truer running Waddell. ,whlch.~ an-
Adelbert S. Hay was appointed as Con
sul to Pretoria in December. 1S99. \ The
appointment was made after Consul Ma
crum had left his post and started for
the United States without permission
from the State I>ei>artment- Toung > Hay
was chosen ; as Macrum's successor be
cause it was desired ti have some one in
South Africa who was in the personal
confidence of the Secretary of State. He
remained at Pretoria until after the cap
ture of the city by L.ord Roberts and act
ed in behalf of the Englishh soldiers who
had been captured by the Boers. Hay
had received a diplomatic education, hav
ing been with his father when the latter
was Embassador to Great Britain. He
¦was about 26 years old and was born in
Washington, D. C.
Combination of Capitalists .That Acquired the San Mateo
Line Is the Purchaser. • '/:.
SURGEON GENERAL GEORGE M.
STERNBERG. chief medical officer
of the United States army, arrived
here last evening and Is at the
Palace. He is on his way to the
Philippines to pay an official visit, and
will sail on the transport Hancock next
Tuesday. '
The well-known army officer was' here
a year ago, and said last evening that he
would have taken the run to Manila then
could he have spared -the time, but he
was compelled to defer the trip. He "ex
pects to be gone 'three months and will
visit all 'the army stations that he possi
bly can.- He jays there is not t as much
sickness in the hospitals at the Philip
pines as when the campaign was on — in
fact, numbers of beds are vacant. The
hospitals are modern in all respects and
are stocked with all necessary drugs. The
doctors and nurses are both experienced
and efficient, the surgeon general de
clares.
General Sternberg is accompanied on
the trip by his wife. He says that he ex
pects Adjutant General Corbin and Quar
termaster General fudington to arrive
. 4
here on Tuesday, a few hours ahead of
the time of the bailing of the transport.
CORBIN GOES THROUGH OMAHA
General and His Party Traveling in
a Union Pacific Special Car.
OMAHA, June 22.— Major. General Cor ;
bin, adjutant general of the United States
army, passed through Omaha this morn
ing for San Francisco, from which point
he will sail for Manila on a tour of in
spection of the Philippine Islands. He
was accompanied by Colonel William P.
Hall and Lieutenant Colonel John A.
Johnston, both attached to the adjutant
general's department. They came in over
the Northwestern Railway at 8:40 a. m. in
a Union Pacific special. car which had been
sent to Chicago, for their occupancy."
The directors of the Union League Club
of this city held a meeting yesterday and
resolved to tender a reception to General
Corbin some evening during his sojourn
in San Francisco. The club wired to the
general, extending the "courtesies of the
institution. ,
SAT OF THF SUTTER-STREET
CAR LINE TO EASTERN SYNDICATE
CHIEF SURGEON OF THE MEDICAL DEPARTMENT OF THE UNITED
STATES ARMY WHO ARRIVED IN SAN FRANCISCO YESTERDAY
EN ROUTE TO THE*PHILIPPINES. . '\:j
CHICAGO, June' 22.— Thirty thou
sand people saw "Virginia" Brad
ley's Aloha gelding Robert Wad
dell,. at 12 to 1 In the betting,
win the fourteenth American
Derby at Washington Park track to-day
by one length in 2:33 4-5, record time for
the race. Few in the surging, cheering
throng had backed the comparatively
friendless animal to capture the rich stake
from the horses bf the Eastern and West
ern millionaires, yet never since the day
that the grand filly Modesty took the first
American Derby has the tumultuous
cheering— the. ije^uine. ovation .„ given— to
horse and rider— beeiv 'equaled in this
State. "¦•'¦'
Jockey Bullman, the Californian, to
whom fell the honor of taking two .Der
bies in succession, was 'swept into a
human maelstrom after he had dismount
ed and verified his weight. He was boost
ed upon the, shoulders of men and a detail
of bluecoats had 'to be called to clear the
admiring. 'cheering throngs from ¦ the
course. As for the. earnest plebeian rac
ing tool, Robert Waddell, he refused to
permit the attendants to tie upon his back
the gigantic- floral saddle.: that the club
had provided for the winner.'
Terminus, William jT. Shaffer's Blazes
colt, was a good second, while the favor
ite, R. T. Wilson - Jr.'s grand looking
Longstreet colt The Parader was a tired
third. Frank Farrell's Bonnibert, which
shared with Tiie Parader at one time the
honors of /favoritism, failed to' run -his
race and was fourth. His Eminence, pur
chased for $20,000 by Clarence Mackay and
groomed, for a victory in the classic, had
a bad start, but under Jockey Odom's ter
rific riding at the end landed in fifth posi
tion. Sanazarro, Six Shooter, Beau.Gal
lant, Silverdale ami Badie S finished In
the order named behind His Eminence.
Bullman's Services Go Begging.
That.it was a truly run race was the
opinion of every unprejudiced spectator.
The Parader, fast as the wind in the Der
by workout that induced his owner to ship
him from New York .to the .Washington
Park track at the eleventh hour, was sev
enth away at the drop of Starter Dwyer's
red flag, after the field had made one false
break. Piggott had orders to make a kill
ing pace. J He at once took the favorite to
the front and there The Parader remained
until the stretch was reached. Piggott is
a stroneer rider, but he": did not figure
upon all of the problems that. were known
to Jockey John Bullman, who rated his
mount into second place and kept Robert
.Waddell within- striking distance until the
head of, the stretch; -- ; /:
Bullman had been the most disconsolate
person on the big track an hour and a
half; before the. Derby was run. Then it
seemed • to him that he would have ho
mount In the race, although last year,. on
Sidney Lucas, he had won the race. En
gaged to ride Bonnibert. and displaced
when the Eastern owner obtained the ser
vices of Jockey Nash Turner- from Wil
liam C. Whitney, Bullman was discour
aged. Early in the day J. W. . Schorr,
owner of Lady Schorr, engaged him to
pilot the filly, in the mile and a half event.
But the. veterinarian declared against the
starting of this speedy daughter of Esher,
•and once more Bullman was ','in the cold,
friends who knew his riding ability work
ed hard to obtain a mount tor him. :. '
¦Virginia Bradley was undecided between
Van i_)usen and See for ' the mount on his
entry. He had heard from the poolroom
men that Bullman might not«.try to win.
This decided the quaint Southerner. Call
ing Bulliiian ' an- hour- before the- bugle
summoned the- animals to the post, he
offered $2000 if he would .wlnj with. Robert
Waddell. ' . BuP.man was k - fixed -at - last.
Frank Farrell told him that he could not
straighten theBonr.ibert tangle and ten
dered the jockey 5500 tor. his humiliation.
With this roll of bills in his jockey, boot
and. Virginia Bradley's ¦ promise I of ; twice
as much .monev'as ;*'JimV Gushing; had
given" the famous -"Snapper". -Garrison for
piloting Boundless, winner -of .the $50,000
World's;- Fair Derby,. Bullman's friends
said he could »ot lose, the race. ; .
J "' Bet<idng Is Lively. , ; .,
, There s -were fifty-seven ' bookmakers ' .at
the track and they did a big business on
all of .the races, without interference by
the authorities.'' Bullman's. presence on
Bradley's gelding caused' considerable
piking on the 12 to 1 • shot, . but - the . bulk
of the public speculation was on the more
fashionable animals. •: The Parader.. held
firm at 3 to 1; Bonnlbert' opened at 3% to
1 and receded a half point. Beau Gallant
was", backed at G.to-1. ? -% • -
Boundless ¦ and Rey , del Santa Anita^ had
had the honors for speed In the American
Derby with 2:36 to their credit. "The frac
tional time by eighths to-day.. was:: :13.
:25 2-5, :38 1-5, :49 2-5,' 1:02 3-5,. 1 : 15 2-5, i 1:28
1:41; "1:54, 2:06 2-5, 2:19. and, 2:33 4-5. ... - •.,..'
* Mr. \ Bradley.; always r, races V under, •. the
name of his wife. His share of the! purse
was ; $19,000/ • Terminus Iwon : $3000 ! and ¦ The
Parader's share of j the sweepstakes, '..$2000.
The highest value of the Derby was
$49,500, in 1S93. and the lowest $S160, in
1S86.
WINNERS OF DERBY.
Plebeian Entry's Triumph ;- Over
Fashionable Eastern - Three- Year-
Olds Pleases Large Throng.
AMERICAN
DERBY GOES
TO OUTSIDER
Robert Waddell Takes
the Western Turf
Classic. ._.•'•¦
California Jockey Btillman
Rides the Colt to [¦
Victory.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
NEW HAVEN. Conn., June 23.-Adel
bert S. Hay. son of Secretary of State
Hay and former United States Consul to
Pretoria, was found dead on the sidewalk
In front of the New Haven House at 2:30
o'clock this morning.
It is supposed Hay attended a reunion
of college classmates of Yale last night.
There is considerable mystery about his
death and the police are Investigating.
The Chief of Police said that he had ex
amined the room occupied by Hay and
everything was in Its usual condition.
There were no signs of a struggle and the
bed looked as though Hay had just left it.
It Is believed the young man got too
warm during the night and went to the
window for some air. lost his balance and
fell out. He fell from a third story
window and was found lying on the side
walk.
Mr. Hay arrived at the New Haven
House at 6 o'clock last night. At 2 o'clock
this morning a man across the street saw
a body fall out of a window. The man
said he heard no outcry. The body was
not moved for some time after it was
found that Hay was dead as the Chief of
Police wanted to get all the circumstances
connected with the accident, if it were an
accident. There was no indication that
he was sick or was suffering from any in
disposition when he went to his room.
Dr. Bartlett. the medical examiner, who
assisted the police in the investigation,
said that Mr. Hay probably came to his
death by an accident. The clothes on the
bed had been turned, sho-.ving his Inten
tion to go to bed. His clothes had been
folded. On the ledge of the window was
found a partly burned cigarette. This dis
covery leads to the belief that Hay had
lighted a cigarette before retiring and
went to the window to smoke it. Wheth
er he was seized by a, fit of dizziness or
fell asleep on the window ledge cannot be
determined. There are no external inju
ries. /
WASHINGTON", June 23.— Secretary
Hay's bouse was tightly closed and ef
forts to reach him were unavailing to
night. He has not heard of his son's
death.
Peculiar Fatality Follows a Reunion
of His College Classmates
of Yale.
Falls From Third-Story Win
dow of a New Haven
Hostelry.
Adelbert S. Hay Victim
of a Mysterious
Accident.
FOUND DEAD
IN FRONT OF
HIS HOTEL
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, JUNE 23, 1901.
I Pages 23 to i^f
|Pages23to32
£?*?*? *?*?*?#?*?# ? * ?*?*?*?*?*??<
Year.
HORSE.
Time. ~
18S4
Modesty ... —
2:42% '
1SS5
Volante ................
2:49^
1SS3
Silver Cloud
2:37*4
1887
C. H. Todd
2:36>i
1SS8
Emperor of Norfolk...
2:40*4
1SS9
Spokane
2:41%
1890
Uncle Bob
2:55%
1S91
Strathmcath
2:49U
1892
Carlsbad
3:04V4
1833
Boundless
2:36
1894
Rey El Santa Anita...
2:36
1S98
Pink Coat'..
2:42% .
1900
Sidney Lucas
2:40^
1901
Robert Waddell
2:33 4-5
Year.
HORSE.
Time. ~
18S4
Modesty ... —
2:42% '
1SS5
Volante ................
2:49^
1SS3
Silver Cloud
2:37*4
1887
C. H. Todd
2:36>i
1SS8
Emperor of Norfolk...
2:40*4
1SS9
Spokane
2:41%
1890
Uncle Bob
2:55%
1S91
Strathmcath
2:49U
1892
Carlsbad
3:04V4
1833
Boundless
2:36
1894
Rey El Santa Anita...
2:36
1S98
Pink Coat'..
2:42% .
1900
Sidney Lucas
2:40^
1901
Robert Waddell
2:33 4-5CALL'S CARTOONIST PICTURES SOME OF THE CENTRAL. FIGURES IN YESTERDAY'S BALL GAME BE
TWEEN THE DUDES AND THE DUTCH. UMPIRE TYLER SILENCES THE YOUTHS WHO CAVORT ON '
* THE DIAMOND BY RAISING FIVE FINGERS, WHICH MEANS $5 FINE. '
Kills Squaw and Ends His life.
PHOENCC, Ariz.. June> 22.— New» ha*
reached here of a murder and suidds in
the Wallapai tribe of Indians near Kinr
man. Tom JlcConnick, a Wallapai buckr,
crushed the head of a squaw with a bowl
der and then shot his own head off wlUk
a double-barreled shotgrun.
Baseball on Eastern Fields, ?!
NATIONAL. LEAGUE. f !
BROOKLYN. June 22.— Th» secret ':i-?
First game— '.' '
Clubs— B- J£ W'
Chicago - 1« 20 }
Brooklyn - S 11 *
Batteries— Menefee and Kilns; TJfrJkmf.
Donovan and McGuire — Umpires— Dwytr and
Cunningham.
Second came—
Clubs— R- XL 3E.
Chicago ~- ~...." * 19 t
Brooklyn *....— ! S t
Batteries— Taylor and Kahoej Kltson tn4
Farrell. Umpires— Dwytr and Canniagaaaa.
NEW TORK. June 22. — The «cor«*
Clubs— B. H. S.
New Tork SI t
st. Louis u to. a
Batteries— Denser. Doheny and. Bowenaaa;
Powell and Ryan. Umclre — O'Day. ' •
BOSTON, June 22.— The score: ;
First same—
Clubs— . R. H. B.
Boston 4 » . t_
Pittsburg S 14 I]
Batteries— Nichols and Klttrldge; Tannehill
and Zlmmer. Umpire— Nash,
Second sanM — ' ¦ ¦
Clubs— R. H. S.
Boston 2-5 3
Pittsbug 8 13 t
• Batteries— Plttinger and Klttridge; Chesbro,
O'Connor and Zlmmer. Umpire — Nash,
i PHILADELPHIA, June 22.— The scores
Clubs— R. H. E.
Cincinnati S US
Philadelphia 3 7 1
Batteries— Newton and Bergen; Dooohue and
McFarland.' Umpire — Bmalle.
AMERICAN LEAGUE.
BOSTON. June 23.— The score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Boston SSI
Cleveland 17 8
Batteries— Winter and Scireck; Hart and
Wood.
WASHINGTON. June 22.— The score i
Clubs— R. H. E.
Washington 3 2 0
Milwaukee 0 3 1
Batteries— Patten and Clark; Gaxvln and ila
loney.-. - • '
PHILADELPHIA, June 22.— The score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Chicago 8 10 I
Philadelphia ..._.. 4 11 2
Batteries— Patterson and Sue den; Plank and
Powers.
BALTIMORE, June 22.— Tha «ccro:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Baltimore - 10 14 - T
Detroit S 4 T
Batteries— Howell and Robinson; Frisk*.
Shaw and Buelow. .
One and a quarter miles, selling— J. H. Sloan
won. Obstinate Simon second, Sellcourt third.
Time. 2:10Vi.
Six and a half furlongs — Gray Dally won, Al
gie M second, Young Henry third. Time, 1:26.
Six furlongs. Park stake, selling— Flying Bess
won, Petra II second, Kenllworth third. Time,
1:1444.
Four and a half furlpngs— Khital won, New
ton W second. IUowaho third. Time, :56.
Mile and twenty yards— Klondike Queen won,
Thornwild second, I Frank Pierce third. Time,
1:43^. .
. Six and a half furlongs — La Desirous won,
Battus second. Spinet third. Time, 1:21V4,
William J. Lemp Company stakes, six fur
longs, for two-year-olds, $1500 added — Sans
Parlel II won. Satchel second. Terra Firma
third. ' Time, 1:14%. ,
Mile and twenty yards, selling— Joe Doughty
won. Cariboo second. Crossmolina third. Time,
1:43.
Sir furlongs, selling — Verify won, Fridolln
second. Sard third. Time, 1:13.
Mile and a sixteenth, purse— Albert F. Dewey
won, Rushflelds second, Charles D third. Time,
1:4714.
DENVER, June 22.— Results at Overland:
Pacing — Tags won* the second, third' and
fourth heats and race. Best time, 2:13. E S
took the first heat In 2:13. Aelse and Shecam
also started.
Trotting, two-year-olds— Gonflanza won In
two straight heats. Best time. 2:41U- Orphan
Boy, Frankle K, Nellie S. Sarah H. Oraway,
Queen Victoria and Golden Gate also started.
Free-for-all : trot— Stamboulet won in' three
straight heats. Best time, 2:16'i. Toggles also
started. . • - t.
. Six furlongs — R.Q Ban won, Chlorad second.
Follow Me third. Time, 1:15.
Four furlongs— Estado won, Mancos Girl sec
ond; Post Bell third. Time, :49.
One. mile— Nearest won. Virgie d'Or second,
Kenova third. Time. 1:41%.
Six furlongs — Sweet Voice won, Watauches
second, Tom King third. Time, 1:16.
Six furlongs— Morven won, Regalong second.
Gold Bus third. Time. 1:16V4.
DETROIT, June 22.— Results at Highland
Park:
Six furlongs, selling — Lizzie^A won, Francis
RelBS second, Ocie Brooks third. Time, 1:14%.
Five furlongs— Similar won, Tristram second,
Taxman third. Time, 1:03.
ST. LOUIS. June 22.— Fair Grounds summary:
. Six furlongs, selling— Laureate won, Thisbe
second. Silent Friend third. Time, 1:15.
One mile, handicap— Strathbroeck won; Char-
He O'Brien second, Uledl third. Time. l:4<Hfc.
Five furlongs— Dash won, Dr. "Worth second.
Rose of Red third. Time, l:0U£.
One mile, selling— Nekarnis won, Banquo II
second, Uterp third. Time, 1:40%.
Five and a half furlongs, . selling— Times Star
won. Rosy Morn second, Chemisette third.
Time, |l:08%.
Six furlongs, selling— Jim Clark won. Sweet
Dream second, Prince Esher third. Time,
1:13%. .
The Oh-and National steeplechase, worth
nearly $7000, was perhaps the feature of
the day's programme. Fourteen good
cross-country horses faced the" starter
and overy horse had a following. Sackett
won ridden out by five lengths. Sum
mary:
Five furlongs— Cameron won, Evelyn Maud
second. Lady Holyrood third. Time, 1:00 3-5.
Six furlongs— Wax Taper won. Mesmerist
second, May W third. Time, 1:13 3-5.
Five and ¦ a half furlongs — Smart Set won,
Leonid second. Dean Swift third. Time, 1:07 2-5.
One mile, the Sheepshead Bay handicap—
Brigadier won, Cyrano second, Star Bright
third. Time. 1:37,4-6 (world's record).
Grand National Steeplechase, about two and
a half miles— Sackett 137 (Carson). 7 to 2 and
7 to 5, won; King T 145 (Mara). 7 to 2 and 7
to B. second: Perlon 147 (Helder). 15 to 1
and 6 to 1 third. Time. 5:13. Passe Partout.
Marylander, Ronkonoma, Magic 'Light, George
Keene, Jack Carey, Self- Protection, Eophone,
Zanzibar, Klondike and Dr. Bichberg also ran.
One and a sixteenth miles on turf— Ben Vik
ing won, Dolando second, Nitrate third. Time,
1:48.
CINCINNATI. June 22.— Newport summary:
Seven furlongs — Prudent won. Mr. Brookwood
second, Polly Bixby third. - Time, 1:28%.
" NEW YORK, Jure 22.— At Sheepshead
Bay to-day 20,000 people were in attend
ance. ) Brigadier caused a sensation by
winning the Sheepshead Bay handicap
from a high class field, at one mile, in
world's record time for a circular track.
He ran the distance and won easily in
1:37 4-6. The previous world's record for a
mile on a circular tracjk was held by
Voter at 1:38, made at Brighton Beach
last summer. *
Brigadier Causes • a Sen
sation; at Sheeps
head Bay.
— — — — * r v '
Lowers Time' Made by Voter
on Circular Track Last .
Summer.
BREAKS RECORD
TIME FOR MILE
GLASGOW^ June 22.— The International
pigeon match here to-day for a prize of
£200 resulted as follows: America. 973.
Scotland SS2. Fred Gilbert of Spirit Lake.
Iowa, and R. Merrill of Milwaukee both
scored the highest nossible.
At the request of the guests both teams
had the option of using double barrels to
day. The targets were discharged at
known angles from three traps. Merrill.
Crosby and Gilbert broke fifty straight T
• targets, Crosby using his second barrel
once. Gilbert using his twice and Merrill
his six times.
"When 500 targets had been broken th«
Americans had scored 497 and the Scotch!
team 4.H, and the Americans Increased
their lead gradually to the finish. Crosby
scored 99 and Tripp. Helkes and ITannln*
97 each. The- highest Individual Scotch
score was 9S.
The American experts • wer« ¦warmly,
cheered throughout the match.
Fred Gilbert and R. Merrill
Make the Highest Pos
sible Score.
Defeat the Scotch Team
in the International
Contest.
AMERICANS WIN
PIGEON MATCH
EVENTS ON THE DIAMOND, THE COURSING FIELD , TURF AND LINKS.
THE SA^ FRANCISCO ¦ CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 23, 1901.
WASHINGTON, June 22.— The following
Californians arrived here to-day: At the
Metropolitan— L. Van Orden; at the Na
tional — Jennings Phillips; at the St James
— M. M. Robinett. J. C'Emmons; at the
Raleigh— J. Birmingham, San Francisco.
Californians in Washington.
ICEW TORK. June 22.— The following
Californians are In New York: From San
Franc sco-J. Marsh, at the Savoy; C. S
Shendler, at the Grand Union: E. P Ten
ney. at the Murray. Hill; W. Ford, at the
Sturtevant; F. K. Garrison, at the Im
perial; C. F. Hoffman, at the Hoffman-
J. West and wife, at the Holland?
From Los Angeles-E. H. Brown, at the
£ r h£ v? 1^ - W i_C. Randolph' and wife
at the \lctoria; H. N. Snodgrass, at the
St. Denis; H. S. Taggart and wife, at the
St. George.
From Santa Clara-C. Eberhard, at the
Belvedere.
Californians in New York.
Herman liats, of which there were 2000
sold last* week,, left about 3000 to be sac
rificed, for there is positively no room for
them at the Boston, where ¦ the etock'of
the Brown Clothing Co. of New York has
to be disposed of. P. C. Kelly, assignee,
will sell to-morrow the" greatest ¦ special
yet offered— 500 • men's all-wool suits in
fancy worsted, latest shades, cheviots in
round and square cut, tailor made, cost
$20, for only $4.65 a suit. These suits would
bring 510 at public auction, where store
keepers buy them to resell at a profit, yet
Mr. P. C. Kelly's hobby of selling men's
suits for $4.65. to which hundreds of men
in San Francisco will testify, will not be
changed even by this lot. So make sure
and be around in good time for a $4.65 all
wool men's suit. Of course the i Herman
hats. Dunlap and Stetson,' Knox and You
man's* makes will also be sold to any one
who wants one at Sac on the dollar. Just
think! Hats of celebrated * makers that
cost J3.50 for 90c, a. $20 men's all-wool suit
for '$4.66 to-morrow at ¦- the clothing- as
signee sale of the Boston, 773 Market St.,
near Fourth. .." . ,•
Where IMd You Get That HatP
Event Jfo. 4, lure casting:, per cent— Battj
W; Mansfield. 92 7-15; C. G. Younr. 70 8-15-
Smyth. 70 6-15.
Judges— Everett and Muller; referee, liana-
Seld; clerk, Smyth.
nament to be held to-day at the Califor
nia Tennis Club. The best matches of the
day were the two singles between "Harold
Crtfwell and Harry Haight and Ray. Cor
nell and Grant Smith. In the former
match Hai&ht upset all form calculations
by beating his opponent handily. The
scores in his favor were 6 — I, 7— 5, 9— 11.
Grant Smith beat Cornell four sets out of
five, the scores being 6—2, 6—2, 5—7, 6—1,
6—2. / Cornell was in rather poor form,
while Smith was at his best.
Other matches played during the day
resulted as follows: Dr. Phillip beat Rob
ert Reid in straight sets 6-0, 6—3, 6—4;
Professor Daily beat Douglas Grant 6—3,
6 — 1, 6— 2 and Frank Griffin S— 3, &— 0; Grant
Smith beat George Lane 6 — 1, 6 — 2;; Cornell
and Haight played a tie, quitting at two
all.'
In the morning Dally played four sets
with Mrs. Klnkaid of Alameda. After a
hard struggle the professor finally won
out.
The three class handicap singles tour
nament for the Kahn cup wiil be played
promptly at 10:30 to-morrow on the court
of the California Tennis Club. All matches
will be two sets out of three, except the
finals, which will be three out of five. The
following are already entered:- George
and Robert Whitney, W. B. Collier, Har
old Crowell, Merle Johnson,* Grant, Smith,
Ray Cornell, Chet Smith, James. Code,
Sid Salisbury, F. Stringham, Dr. Lane,
Mr. Blanchard a,nd Harry Haight.
TEJTNIS CRACKS, A KK NOW
XHLIGEHTTLY PRACTICING
California Club Courts Are Crowded
"With Experts — Some Exciting
" . Games Are Played. \
Many tennis players were out practicing
yesterday for the handicap singles tour-
BOXERS READY
TO DO BATTLE
Records of the Men Who
Are to Box Next
Friday Night.
Root and Carter Are Training
¦ Hard— Phil "Wand Will Be
the Referee.
ICext Friday evening Jack Root and
••Kid" Carter will meet in a twenty-round
contest In the Mechanics* Pavilion under,
tha auspices of tbe Twentieth Century
Club. Tim Callahan and Tim Hegarty
ijrtll also box twenty rounds i£r a de
cision. Root is a peer in his class and
Carter, who Is a young and sturdy ath
lete, will strive to win his laurels, Hegar
ty is the champion of Australia. If he
defeats Callahan he will be in line for a
match with "Terrible" Teddy. Phil Wand
will referee both matches.
Following are the records of the quartet:
Tin Cnllahan; 1898— June 24, won from Ben-
T.}' Leon (foul). New York, £ rounds; July 23,
won from. Terry McGovern (foul), Brooklyn, 11
rounds; August 20, draw with Terry McGovern,
20 rounds; October <. won from Gecrge Munroe.
Brooklyn, 20 rounds; November 19, knocked out
by Terry McGovern. Brooklyn. 10 rounds. 1SS9 —
January ". won from George Munroe, Brooklyn,
12 rounds; January 1*. won from Tommy Sulli
van, Brooklyn. 25 rounds; March IS, draw, with
Austin. Rice, Brooklyn. 3) rounds; April 1. won
irom Pat«y Broderick. Brooklyn, 20 rounds:
April 22, won from Touxtg Pluto, Brooklyn. .20
rounds; June 8, won from Tommy Sullivan.
New Tork. 16 rounds; July 31, won from Jack
Ward, Philadelphia. 6 rounds; September 9,
won from Johnny Burns, Brooklyn. 20 rounds:
September 25. won from Johnny Ritchie, Coney
Island, 20 rounds; October 13, no decision with
George Dlxon, Philadelphia., 6 rounds; October
*20. draw with Harry Forbes. Chicago, 6 rounds;
November 21, draw with Oscar Gardner, Pater
••on, 20 rounds; December S. won from Steve
Breslln, Trenton, 4 rounds; December 18, won
;2rom Joe Allen, Philadelphia. 6 rounds. 1900—
'March — . knocked out Joe Fairbum, Philadel
phia. 2 rounds; March 20, won from Dave Sul
"livan (foul), Philadelphia, 3 rounds; April 9,
»o decision with "Kid" Broad. Philadelphia. 6
"rounds; April '28. won from Jim Smith. Mc
.Kees Rocks, 6 rounds; May 17, knocked out
lEd Kelly, Reading. Pa., 6 rounds; June 4, no
decision with George Dixon. Philadelphia, 6
rounds: August 14. knocked out Itzy Ryan.
Coney Island, 2 rounds; August 17. won from
: Eddie Gardner, New Tork. 13 rounds; Septem
ber 24. no decision with Oscar Gardner. Phila
delphia, ( rounds; December 3. no decision with
"Kid" Broad. Philadelphia. 6 rounds. 1901—
January 16. knocked out Oscar Gardner. Boston.
15 rounds; March 20, won from Eddie Gardner,
Toungstown, 20 rounds.
Tim Hegarty. undefeated champion feather
¦.nd lightweight of Australia, born 1S72; height
B feet C% inches: weight. 126 pounds: 1892—
Beat Fred Williams, S rounds. 1893 — Knocked
out Bunt Lewis for bantam championship. 1894
— Beat Jack McGowan for featherweight cham
pionship. 20 rounds; beat Jack McGowan, sec
ond time 20 rounds. 1893 — Stopped Ernie Mc-
Auliffe. 11 rounds; stopped Billy Williams. 10
rounds; stopped Abe 'Willis, 7 rounds; stopped
Charlie Gibbs. 7 rounds. 1896— Knocked out
Mickey Peach. 10 rounds. 1897— Beat Jack Mc-
Gowan. 15 rounds. 1S9S— Knocked out Fred
Evands. 7 rounds. 1899 — Beat Ned Cullen on
foul. 15 rounds; draw with Mike Walsh for
featherweight championship, 20 rounds. 19(K> —
Stepped Hughie Napier. 7 rounds: beat Jim
Hifrcutt for lightweight championship, 21
rounds: beat Ned Cullen. 17 rounds; beat Jack
McGowan. 23 rounds; beat Mike "Walsh. S
round6. 1301 — Knocked out Jack Cullen for
lightweight championship of West Australia, 11
rounds.
"Kid" Carter of Brooklyn; born 1S81; height,
6 feet. 10^ inches: weight. 160 pounds. 1899—
May 20, lost to Tim Kearns. .Brooklyn, 20
rounds; July 24. knocked out Harry Peterson.
Brooklyn, 7 rounds; August 7, knocked out
Pete Glone. Brooklyn, 7 rounds; September 16,
draw with Jack McGovern, Brooklyn. 20 rounds;
December 9. knocked out Charley Holcomb,
Brooklyn. 3 rounds; December 16, lost to Matty
Matthews. Brooklyn, 20 rounds. 1900— January
27, knocked out George Cole, 'Brooklyn, 10
rounds: April 7. won from Andy Walsh, Brook
lyn. 7 rounds; April 30, knocked out Joe Burke.
1 round: May 29, lost to George Gardiner, Co
nev Island. 19 rounds; July S. won from Jim
Judge. Brooklyn. 16 rounds; July 17, knocked
out Johnny Reichman, Brooklyn, 13 rounds;
August 6_ knocked out Bill Hanrahan, Brook
lyn, 10 rounds; August 22, won from Jack But
ler, Brooklyn. 20 rounds; October 8, won from
Jim Judtre. Paterson. 3 rounds; October 25.
draw with Bill Hanrahan, Hartford, 20 rounds;
November 16, won from Australian Tim Mur
phy, Chicago. 6 rounds; November 27. lost to
Tonaiiy Ryan. Chicago, 6 rounds. 1901—Janu
ary 25. won from Joe Walcott, Hartford, 19
rounds: April 22. draw with Jack Bonner,
Louisville. 20 rounds; May 6, won from Jack
Bonner, Louisville, 20 rounds; May 24, knocked
out Pat Ready, Baltimore, 2 rounds.
Jack Root, undefeated middle and light
heavy-weight champion of America: bora. May
26. 1S76; height. 5 feet 10 inches; weight, 165
pounds. 1897 — November 12, knocked out Charles
Upton. Chicago, 4 rounds; December 24, knock
ed out Pat Brastand, Chicago, 3 rounds. 1898—
January 8. knocked out Charles Whitney. Chi
cago. 2 rounds; January 15. knocked out George
Phipp. Chicago, 1 round; February 12, knocked
out Jack Hammond, -.Chicago, 2 rounds; Febru
ary 26, won from Jack Moffat, Chicago. 6
rounds;! May 14, won from Jack Moffat, Chi
cago, 6 njundp; July 22. won from Tom Lan
ding. New York. 6 rounds; August S, won from
Jim 'Watte, Sew Tork, 2 rounds; November 15,
knocked out Tom Lansing, Chicago, 6 rounds;
December 3*>, won from Australian Jim Ryan,
Chicago, 6 rounds. 189!*— January 2L won from
Harry Peppers. Chicago, 6 rounds; February
16. won from Bill Stift. r>avenport, 7 rounds:
April 29, knocked out Dick Moore, Chicago. 2
rounds: May 15, draw with Australian Jim
Ryan. Louisville, 29 rounds; May 30, knocked
out Tom Casey. Chicago. 1 round; October 3,
•won from Frank Craig. Chicago. 6 rounds; Oc
tober 9, -won from Billy Stift. Chicago, 6
rounds ; November 15, knocked out ' Alec Greg
gaine, San Francisco, 7 rounds. 1900— January
J>. won from Tommy West, Chicago, 6 rounds;
February 20, knocked out Ed Denfass. Chicago,
4 rounds; July 10, won from Dick O'Brien, Chi
cago. 6 rounds; July 24, draw with Tommy
Ryan, Chicago, 6 rounds; October 24, knocked
out Dan Creedon, Kansas City, 1 round; Octo
ber. 16, knocked out Dick O'Brien, Chicago, 8
rounds. 1901— January 9. knocked out Mike Gor-'
men. Chicago. 2 rounds; January IS, knocked
out George Eyers, San Francisco, 7 rounds;
April 4, knocked out Dick Moore, Chicago, 2
rounds; April 22, knocked out Jack Gorman,
Chicago, I rounds.
FLYCASTEBS HAVE BABE
SPOILT ON STOW I*AKE
A Large Number of Devotees of the
Bod Compete and Make
Good Scores.
A large number of fly casters were out
at Stow Lake yesterday. A north wind
¦was Wowing, but It was ideal weather for
the sport. The following scores were
made in competition:
Knowles f O'Hara beat A. P. Curtis' Pilot. 4-0;
P. M. Curtis' Xarclssus beat W. Cairne's Gold
Ore, 6-1; P. Jackson's Golden Russet beat V/\
Calrne'a Imperial, 4-0. . • .
Good Hope. 10-3; P. M. Curtis' McKinley beat
Russell & Allen's First Foot. 3-0; Sterl &
A. R. CurUs* fast 'greyhound Luxor
proved a bitter disappointment to the
many who backed him to win his first
course yesterday in the Union Park open
stake. Generally Luxor figures well along
on the card and is often a contender in
the deciding course. The talent Quoted
him a 5 to 1 favorite over the Pasha Ken
nels' Real Article, but the dogs had hardly
left the slips when the wise ones felt that
the black and white money getter was a
bad investment In this case. Article won
handily by a score of 7 to 2, Luxor's list
less work making ii a one-sided go. The
pikers by this upset scored the Dest of
their few happy returns. On account of
the prime bunch of hares turned loose the
high-class, clever performers were abie
to show their worth and as a result good
trials were the rule. Relief dogs were
liberated on many occasions, and 'as the
hares for to-day's finals are guaranteed
lively ones considerable exercise is prom
ised the dogs in waiting.
For Freedom, commencing his- -career
over -again, beat Honor Bright In a close
go. To-day he will meet Rosie Clalr, and
if the hare slipped to them stands up the
eld "champ" will have to get quite a
move on to. retain his hold in the stake.
At this, particular time John Doe and
Tyrone Prince are doing some strides
worth noticing , and backers are coming
to them because of their good work.
Warship beat Ireland, a 3 to 1 favorite.
In a double bye.
Sisquoc and Palo Alto will open, even
favorites for the stake at 5. Harlean
Gladys has been backed down from 12 to
6 Ireland and Flying Fox a»-e held at 7
and War Eagle and Wedgewood at 8.
Likely winners in the second round are:
War Eagle, Talk to Me, Roman Athlete,
Real Article, Silver Cloud, Tyrone Prince,
Vandal, Chicago Boy. Flying Fox, Bru
tus, Rosie Clair, . Harlean Gladys, Sis
quoc, Game Boy, Master Rocket, Norah,
Dewdrop, W,edgewood, Greenback, . Sir
Pasha, The Grafter, Palo Alto, Rienzl,
Anchor, John Doe, Vulcan. McKinley,
Narcissus.
The day's results, with Judge John
Grace's official scores, follow:
Open stake, first round— P. M. Curtis' "War
Eagle beat J. Dempsey'a Jingle Bells, 4-1; E.
M. Kellogg" s Sweet Emma beat Russell & Al
len's Scotland Yet, 19-15; Russell & Allen's Talk
to Me beat L. F. Bartels' Banner Bright, 10-2;
L. M. Connell's White Hat beat J. Smith's Mas
ter Workman, 7-4; P. M. Curtis' Echo beat
George Sharman's Bowery Boy, 4-0; Pasha
Kennels' Roman Athlete beat E. M. Kellogg' 8
Crawford Belle, 3-0; Pasha Kennels' Real Ar
ticle beat A. R. Curtis' Luxor, 7-2; Pasha Ken
nels' Rollicking Airs beat H. Lynch's Lottie
M, 7-3; Thomas Maher's Bad Boy beat A. Van
derwhlte's Lear King, 8-3; C. O. Peterson's Sil
ver Cloud beat E. M. Kellogg's Buck, 4-2; E.
Geary's Bonnie Pasha beat Pasha Kennels'
Random Aim. 3-2; E. Geary's Ireland a bye; T.
J. Cronin's Vandal beat Star Kennels' May
flower, 6-2; J. P. Thrift's Tyrone Prince beat
Ycsemi,te Kennels' Mose, 5-3: Russell & Allen's
Castaway beat Star Kennels' Fontenoy,- 3-0;
George Sharman's Chicago Boy beat W. J.
Leonard's Tom Hurllck, 3-2: Russell & Allen's
Wedding Bells beat P. Doyle's Thelma, 10-3;
A. R. Curtis' Flying Fox beat L. F. Bartels'
Best Bargain. 7-5; F. S. Price's Brutus beat D.
Toland's Pleasant Girl, 3-0; P. M. Curtis' Mrs.
Fiskl beat Pasha Kennels' Red Ace, 13-5; Pasha
Kennels' For Freedom beat P. Jackson's Honor
Bright. 8-2; Russell & Allen's Rosie Clair beat
D. Toland's Twilight Jr., 6-0; F. Jones' Harlean
Gladys beat P. .M. Curtis' Shadow, 5-2; Aeneld
Kennels' Fine fire beat L. M.,.ConneH's St.
Helen, 3-2; D. JAHealey's Sisquoc beat J. Dow
ling's Sir Lawrence, 6-0; W. C. Glaason's Sleigh
Bells beat Pasha Kennels* Rustic Arbor, 4-0;
Star Kennels' Game Boy beat F. S. Price's
Forget, 14-2;. E. M. Kellogg* s Frisco Lad beat
Star Kennels' Black Hawk, 4-3; Pasha Kennels'
Muster Rocket beat 'Star Kennels' Herschel's
Pride, 5-4; George Sharman's Black Flush beat
P. M. Curtis' Vagrant, 5-3: T. J. Mclnerney's
JCorali beat P. M. Curtis' Wapsee. 7-1; P. M.
Curtis' Warpath a bye; Chlarlni Bros.' Dew
drop beat Sterl & Knowles' Olita, 3-2; F. A.
McComb's Warship a bye; O. Zahl's Homer Boy
beat D. J. Healey's Lady Clare, 6-2; F. A. Mc-
Comb's Little Slater beat P. Steinhoff's Veto,
6-1; F-. Jones' Wedge wood beat Sterl &
Knowles* For Glory, 6-0; Aeneid Kennels' Aga
memnon beat D. J. Healey's Tapioca, 4-3; E.
N. Whiteslde'B Greenback beat S. A. Smith's
Sylramu. 3-2; P. M. Curtis' Cash beat P. J.
Reilly's Ploughboy. 3-1; Pasha Kennels' Rural
Artist beat Russell & Allen's Daisy Clair, 6-5;
Russell & Allen's Spiteful beat F. A. Mc-
Comb's Royal Flush, 2-0; F. A. McComb'a Sir
Pasha, beat R. B. Kay's Hawker, 5-0; A. R.
Curtis' Lord Beaconsfleld beat E. Matter's
Emma M, 4-0; J. Markland's The Grafter beat
Russell & Allen's Strayaway, 14-5;«.O. Zahl's
Miss Wilson beat Pasha Kennels' Royal Archer,
10-5; Pasha Kennels' Rocker beat T. J. Mclner
ney's Tommy Rex, 5-0; E. Geary's Palo Alto
beat P. J. Reilly's Royal Union. 6-5: T. J. Cro
nin's Thornhill beat S. A. Smith's Injury, 3-2;
F. B. Gerber's Rienzl beat F. A. McComb's
Motto, 7-0; P. M. Curtis' Anchor a bye; S. A.
Smith's Petronius beat P. J. Nolte's Silver
Lyon, 5-3; J. R. Curtis' John Doe beat F. A.
McComb's Hot Haste, 6-2; Pasha Kennels'
Lawrence beat J. Caesar's Kanaka, 4-2; A. It.
Curtis' Vulcan beat J. E. Monahan's T Q, 12-0;
W. C. Glasson's lone beat C. O. Peterson's
Sisquoc and Palo Alto Are
Even Favorites for the
. , Final. - *
Strong Lot 1 of Coursers
Gives the Stake an
Open Look.
SPEEDY DOGS
WELL MATCHEO
GERMANS HAVE A NARROW ESCAPE
FROM DEFEAT BY THE ATHENIANS
Dudes Make a Fast Finish andv Nearly Beat Out the Locals
in an^ Errorless Game— Los Angeles Defeats the Legislators
and Passes Them in 4he ¦ Race for the Championship Pennant
Miss Hecker Wins Golf Championship
NEW YORK. June 22.— The final match
f or .3: the - championship of the Woman's
Metropolitan : Golf Association -was played
to-day at \ the i Nassau Country Club | links
at^ Glencbve," L". * I., between ' Miss Gene
vieve Hecker "¦ of Essex ¦ County j and Miss
Ruth I- Underhlll of the \ Nassau Country
Club -MtssrHecker wonoutrby three up
and two to play. ; .
Moskiman will twirl for the Dudes at
Oakland this morning. Hodyon and "the
Rabbit" • will alternate' in ' the . afternoon
contest.' '
"Steamboat" Croll is caught asleep at
the switch in every game. Three times in
the present series and ; as many- times in
the Los Angeles series he was . caught
napping. He was given a life yesterday
and was sent to the bench, where he re
ceived a caustic lecture from Uncle Hank.
Both teams put up • errorless ball yes
terday. The millennium Is at hand. ¦• -
Iburg's slow ball. Is a puzzle to the Oak
land team. They bit at it time and again
yesterday, but fanned the atmosphere.
» Dunleavy seemed to have his arm un
hinged. He threw yesterday, with, force
and precision.
The German' outfield had nothing to • do
until the ninth, when Croll and Hilder
brand gathered in one apiece. ;
i."Buck" ! Francks was in the ; game . yes
terday; He got two hits and two bases on
balls, one stolen base, four put-outs, five
assists and not an error. . • . ~
"Sapho" Harper is again in 1 the game
and the small boy Is happy. The daddy of
baseball ¦ pitched .for Stockton '¦ on Friday
and' held the opposing team down to
seven hits. Harper has been resting, and
now that' he is back in the game, who
knows*' he may* be brought back. to this
leagueJ : ." ; ' - ,\\
Theofrastus Such, the Germans' dimin
utive mascot, is saving up foul tips given
him by his side and he now has quite a
bank account. ¦ . -;
• "Chimmey der .whale" | has a Anfidlng
smile -and looks at times as if hw would
buy a gold brick. But his team mates say
he's wise to all the moves of the game.
"Youngey" Johnson struck ; out . three
times in yesterday's game,.- but" it never
feased him. He took "Ham" Iburg's
measure once and thought it was sweet
revenge.
"Youngey" Johnson is a born comedian.
He affords a large amount of amusement
while on the coaching line and the-specta
tors applaud his efforts. If ¦ "Youngey"
never pitched a game he would be -alu
able to any team, as his clever sallies and
sage advice is invaluable - to the men on
bases. ¦ - • . . ; ? " : "
Umpire Tyler asks no favors of the
players. He chases after new spheres
and dusts off the plate when neces
sary. His "lamps" were a little bit
foggy in yesterday's game. He called
many balls that should have been strikes.
It is dangerous, however, to give him
"sass," as he has his "fine" clothes on.
Cal Ewlng has at last gathered a great
team together and when the aggregation
becomes better acquainted with each
other the nine should lake a bound pen
nantward. Doctor Moskiman is a versa
tile player. He held down the first cush
ion yesterday in good style. He can .play
in any corner of the lot, ana his twirling
and batting is also very fine.
Charley Graham Is suffering from a bad
finger and will not indite love missives for
a few weeks.
a hoodo somewhere on the grounds, and
'he Intends going gunning for it.
Mr. Hodson has turned journalist and is
now filling up columns with what he does
not know of the national game. Friends
advise him to forego Journalism, as ¦ it
¦may affect him as it did the great Mat
thewson. Before the giant college pitcher
was engaged to describe games he won
them, but when he began to exploit his
knowledge he lost his skill and was bat
ted for keeps by rival players. Hodson
will occupy the box this afternoon and the
Germans promise him a lively matinee.
They claim to be on to Hod's curves, and
this afternoon's game ought to prove it.
¦ | Schwartz 'decorated himself in war paint
before yesterday's game and all he coulu
get was a tiny hit. Charley thinks he has
Strelb, Croir and Drennan have>been
complimented 1 for.- star : one-hand catches
in the outfield, but to' the man up a- tree
this would appear like negligent ball play
ing. Rabid fans contend that an outfielder
has no license to make. a one-hand catch.
It is his duty: to so judge the ball that he
will be there with both mitts, i It is equiv
alent i to a I fine | for ' an : outfielder j to make
a circus catch in an Eastern league.' They
call It playing to the grand stand and it is
tabooed.' -.- ;•"¦--.¦-; ¦••'¦.:.!•.--"¦' - k =--rv ¦'.- '•¦ ¦=. ;• -
: ¦ . , • . . Played.', Won.' Lost Cent.'
San Francisco..:...... 63 29- 24 .547
Loa ; Angeles ....49 25. 24 .510
Sacramento' 51 26< . 25 .509
Oakland,.., ..V...;'..... "53 23 30 '.' .433
By defeating : the Legislators twice in
the present 'series the; Orange Growers
have passed- their, rivals in the 'race 'for
the pennant. It Is true but' 1 per. cent
separates the teams, but; this is enough
to encourage the southern ball tossers to
widen the ! gulf. It seems. that under the
leadership of Charley Reilly the Lob An
geles team has | struck a winning gait. ; If
Charley brings his aggregation. to the top
of .the v heap \ h© can • have , anything he
wants in ther southern .metropolis. There
is some talk < of running : him : for Mayor.
Following is the standing of the teams:
;; ':''-.. '¦''' ¦ '¦ ' : " : : . ¦'''-,' ' ¦ " '' : H r y FerJ
Notes of the Game.
Earned runs— Loo Angeles 2,* Sacramento 1 1.
Two-base hit— McGucken. Sacrifice hits— Kelly.
Bowman. First base on . errors — Los Angeles 1,
Sacramento 4.: First base on called balls — Oft
Doyle 3, off Hartwell 1. " Left on bases— Lob
Angeles 8. Sacramento 8. Struck out— By Doyle
3. by, Hartwell 2. Hit by pitcher— Spies, Stan
ley. Double plays — Devereaux to Courtney t6
Hanlon; 'Courtney to Devereaux to Hanlon;
Brockhoft to Hutchinson; Hutchinson to Spies
to Reitz. "Wild pitch— Hartwell. Time of game
—1:55. Umplre-rGraves. ¦ .-
SUMMARY.
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS,
Los Angeles '. .2 0 . 1 0 0 0 0.8 1—6
Base hits.. ....2 2 0 0 111 2 2— 11
Sacramento ....' ;...l:l.O,l 0 0 110—5
Base hits J... ....2.1 2 2 1 0 12 0—11
Totals :...38 B 11 1 »25 8 2
•One out when winning run was scored. :
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Devereaux, a. a...... 5 2 1 0 3 .'I- 1
McLaughlin. L f.... 6 0 2 0 0 0 0
Courtney, 2b......... 5 03' 1"4 4 0
Doyle, p..... ....6 0 0 0 3 1 0
McGuckeri, c. t 4 2 3 0 . 1 .0 0
Hanlon, lb .4 1 0 0 9 0 0
Stanley, o ...2 0 10 4 0 0
Sheehan, 3b 4 0 0. 0 0 2 0
Strlcklett, r. f.. 4 0. 2 0 1 0 1
SACRAMENTO.
Totals 1.....34 6 11 1 27 16 6
, AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Brockhoff, r. f ... 4 3 3 13 1 1
Reitz, 2b 5 12 0 2 2 0
Householder, c. *.... 4110 31 0
Spies, c 4 0 I 0 4 2 0
Hutchinson. lb 3 1 2 '0 9 2 1
Reilly,. 3b 4 0 1 0 1 4 1
Kelly, s. s.. : 3 0 10 2 2 1
Bowman, I. f 3 0 0 0 3 0 2
Hartwell. p 4 0 0 0 0 2 0
¦ LOS ANGELES,, June .22.— Los Angeles
won a loosely play_ed but highly exciting
game by a batting rally. In the eighth and
ninth Innings, Score:
LOS ANGELES. /'.
Game Goes to Los Angeles,
Runs responsible for— Iburg 5, Johnson 6.
Two-base hits— Hildebrand. Lohman. Sacrifice
hits — Graham, Schwartz, . Krug-. First base on
called balls— San Francisco 4. Oakland 7. Left
on bases— San Francisco 6, Oakland 5. Struck
out— By Iburg 5, by Johnson 2. Hit by pitcher—
Nordyke. Double play— Schwartz to Pabst.
wild pitch— Johnson. Time of game— 2:05. Um
pire—Tyler. Official scorer— H. S. McFarlane.
Base hits.... ..0 3 0 10 0 0.2 2—8
SUMMARY.
San- Francisco^. ..... "...'.<> 2 2 0 0 : 0 ' 0 0 2-^8
" Bas» hits ..........0 1 110 10 0 '4—9
Oattanfl . J^ L .;^.w....O 1.0 ,0. 0-« 0 1 ;3-5
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Totals.... 83 .5. 8 1 27. 16 0
•Put • in. to ; bat ' for Johnson. 1 ::,<';
, ' AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Dunleavy, 1. f 4 0 1 0. 3" 0 0
Drennan. c. f... 2 1 0 0 10 0
Strelb, r. f..... 5 0 1. 0. 1 0~,o
Moskltnan, lb .6 1 2 0 . 14 . 00
Arrellanen, ; 2b 4 0 1 0 0 3 0
Francks, s. »......'... 2. 12 1 4. 5 ,0
lloore. 3b .¦.;'...'.'. 4 0 .0 0 .8 4-0
Lohman. c... ....:... 4 1 1 0 '2 M o
Johnaon, p. ........ 1. 8 • O-'O 0,; 0.3 .0
•Babbitt ...;.......;..• 0 .1.0 0 0.~;0.;-\0j
Totals .......32 6 9 2 27 16 0
, OAKLAND. ' .
- AB. R. BH. SB. TO. A. E.
Croll. c. . f...V.. * 1 1- 0 ..1 0 1 0
Hildebrand. 1. I...... 4 1 1 .- 0,1 0J) 0
Schwartz/ 2b.... 4 0.1/0-6 1 0
Pabst, lb..... ... 4 2 'V.0,11 0 0
Krug, ¦. b. S 0 T O',-.O.'-.l 9 0
Nordyke. r. f........ S 1 .0 1:0. 0 0 0
Reilly. 3b. * 9 5? 2 ? °
Graham, c... ........ 2 1 t 1,7 10
Iburg, p 4 0 l-.l 1 2 0
SAN FRANCISCO.
- In the ninth the fun began. The Dudes
were having their "last licks." Francks
worked a life and took two sacks - on
.Petey Lohman's two-strike to left. Bab
bitt was put* in to bat for Johnson and
with Tyler's aid took a walk. Graham,
who is usually subdued, blossomed out as
a kicker and lost a part of his salary.
Pabst tried the same dodge and also con
tributed. The crowd was on its pedals
and its lungs were in play. -
Dunleavy hit to Reilly I and Francks
scored. I Lohman either tripped • or inten
tionally balked the third baseman and
the throw to first was too late. Lohman
was forced home by a life given Drennan.
Strelb flew out to . Hildebrand and Bab
bitt beat the . ball home. • Doctor Moski
man failed them at this critical moment.
He hit to Helny Krug and went out at
first. The agony' being over, Uncle Hank
gave a sigh of Teller, and the' crowd went
home to come another day. •» Following Is
the. score: < , ¦ ¦¦; ; ' • '-"¦. ''- : ;y'
UNCLE HANK'S men won from
the Dudes yesterday, but by a
very narrow margin. The Oak
land nine made a Garrison fin
ish, but was nipped at the wire
by a head. It was a game to rouse the
feelings of any fan. Not an error marred
the sport and the two pitchers succeeded
In keeping: the hits scattered. "Youngey"
Johnson cut capers In the box for the
Dudes and, "Ham" Iburg put them over
for the German band. The comedian was
a trifle wild and allowed many. to walk.
Iburg had wonderful control, but even he
permitted batters to get awa y from him,
and in both instances the bases on balls
proved costly. Umpire Tyler's orbs were
a little awry and I burg 1 -was given the
worst of It on balls and strikes. "Ham"
took it good uaturedly, but Graham and
Captain Pabst argued the point and were
fined a» "V" apiece.
The Dutch scored their first two runs In
tha second. Johnson .could not find the
rubber and Pabst walked. Krug sacri
ficed and Nordyke was hit on the wish
bone and moved to first. Reilly flew out
and Graham was presented with a bag.
With three on bases, Iburg picked i out
ono and sent the ball to right, scoring
Pabst and Nordy.
•The Dudes gave-, their opponents a
scare In their half. Th» bases were filled
and "JoshV< Reilly's , clever one-handed
stop saved the day. He threw to second
and caught Francks, who spoiled a double
by jostling Schwartz. The Dutch rolled
up four more as the game progressed and
the visitors were held. down to two tal
lies.. . '
24
tl IS 53 «S 5
CONTESTANT. V S* jS gg *
?• «: §s i*
r 3 f f S
: a ; : .
Battu 80 71.S 83.S 75.10 79.9
H. F. MuUer 103 91.4 fc9 80 84 6
llanEtteld •... 94.4 94.4 74.2 84.3
Everett 109 85.8 86 75.10 80.11
Brook* 100 91.4 91.4 63.2 80.3
Mocker 98 87 94.8 75.10 85.3
C. G. Tounr 100 86 92 75 83.6
Grant SS 79.8 £8 70 79
Smyth 81.8 85.4 78.4 79.4
tl IS 53 «S 5
CONTESTANT. V S* jS gg *
?• «: §s i*
r 3 f f S
: a ; : .
Battu 80 71.S 83.S 75.10 79.9
H. F. MuUer 103 91.4 fc9 80 84 6
llanEtteld •... 94.4 94.4 74.2 84.3
Everett 109 85.8 86 75.10 80.11
Brook* 100 91.4 91.4 63.2 80.3
Mocker 98 87 94.8 75.10 85.3
C. G. Tounr 100 86 92 75 83.6
Grant SS 79.8 £8 70 79
Smyth 81.8 85.4 78.4 79.4
H^h MEYERS if*Pw
CURB AFFLICTED MEN
QUICKLY and PERMANENTLY
Twenty Years* Successful Practice Has Established Beyond All
Question Their Ability to Cure.
Lost Strength andNervovs DebUity,^^
work or dissipation, and causing losses, weak memory, despond-
ency, nervousness, loss cf vitality, annoying dreams, lack of
ambition, paleness, etc.
RlnrvJ Dnis:nn Primary, Secondary or Tertiary stage,
muuu f^iouii, accompanied by . copper-rolored spots, lossJ
of hair, mucous patches, ssre throat, elc, safely cured and all
traces thoroughly eradicated from the system. V^-
VjlTfCOCClS caus ' n S a dragging-down pain, . mental de-
r * P re ssion, wasting of organs, etc., cured in a
fnv weilty b/ our new. me:hod. ' .*:\
Hvdrncele and Dimlnrp cured wi hout the useof the
liyuroLciK ana i* vpiure knif im Our , atest scient if ic
methods are painles-, safe and re.iable, often curing in one week's
time. r'X'/^v.;. . ,. ¦ ¦
ni\pfl<M>* n? iho ¦¦•K'fdnpvs and Bladder, Stomach,
UlWaS'CS 01 ins IVianeyS Bowels and Contracted
Ailments, which have become dangerous and chronic by bad
treatment or neglect, yield q sicklv to our treatment which has
been brought to the highest s an Jar J of perfection after years of
study and practical experience. .
IYp TVTpvppV £ C(\ neve f use poisonous, mineral or other
1/1 • ITltJtpi a- 1* VV # dangerous drugs. Our famous reme-
dies are compounded from the purest and frtshest vegetable ex-
tracts, by expert chemists, and given to our patient* free of Charge.
Term* R{*71^nn7lh]p in a11 cases. If it is not convenient
vcriiia i^caMmame for patients t0 deposit the fun
amount of our fee in. a San Francisco bank, to be paid us when
they are. well,- they may pay in monthly installments.
HOmC CurCS—FreC R A Ak-—P ur home cure system
•/,^,-?'^-v - * DUU is marvclously succcss-
I ml:-.; ; Although it is preferable to see the patients in many instances, it is not
: always necessary, t If you 'cannot' call," write for diagnosis sheets.free advice 1
and other particulars. All- letters confidential. No printing on envelopes 5
or packages to indicate name of sender. Cures sent*by mail or express free 1
from observation. ..- ; \ , . * 1
"I, ELEVATOR I " 7Q1 . MARKET STREET, I Hours-8 to 5 Dally. I
.ENTRANCE- |;^ /'Ok -Saa Francisco. | ; j£gg£? 'fifo : |"Transport Indiana sailed June 20 with
Twenty-ninth, Thirtieth and Thirty-sec
ond companies coast artillery. First and
Eighth field batteries, and 145^ general
prisoners." ,
WASHINGTON, June 22.— The War De
partment to-day received the following
cablegram from General MacArthur at
Manila:
Indiana Sails for Home.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
'. Saturday, June 22.
Scbr Alvena, Johnson, 17 days from Mahu
kona. : t ' '.
Schr Newark, Crangle, 11 hours from Fish
erraans Bay. ¦ - •
, SAILED.
¦ - . Saturday, June 22.
Stmr Mandalay, Reed, Coquille River.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Sailed June 22— Stmr Mesaba,
for London;- stmr Bulgaria, for Hamburg;
stmr Umbrla, for Liverpool : stmr Rotterdam,
for Rotterdam, via Boulogne; «Btmr Hohenzol
lern, for Naples, etc; stmr Ethiopia, for Glas
gow. _--
BRISBANE— Arrived June ' 21— Stmr Moana,
from Vancouver, via Honolulu, for Sydney,
NSW. •
LIVERPOOL— Arrived June 21— Stmr Cam
pania and stmr Cevic, from New York.
Sailed June 22— Stmr Etrurla, for New York.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived prior to June 22—
Stmr America Maru, from San Francisco, via
Honolulu, for Hongkong; stmr Idzuml Maru,
from Seattle, for Hongkong.
Sailed June 20 — Stmr Braemer, from Hong
kong, for Tacoma. i
LONDON— Sailed June 22— Stmr Montevld
ean, for Montreal.
QUEENSTOWN— Sailed June . 22-Stmr No
madic, from Liverpool, for New York.
ANTWERP— Sailed June 22— Stmr Zeeland.
for New York, via Southampton. - -
Arrived June 22— Stmr Friesland, from New
Tork.
HAVRE— Sailed Jwne 22— Stmr La Cham
pagne, for New York.
HONGKONG— Arrived prior to June 22— Stmr
Coptic, from San Francisco, via Honolulu and
Yokohama; stmr Queen Adelaide, from Ta
coma, via Yokohama.
: Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
• 1118 Broadway, June 22.
While herding cattle on his father's
place near Livermore last evening George
A. Bistourious, 14 years old, was attacked
by maddened bulls and so terribly gored
that his recovery is doubttyl. The^boy
was trampled upon after being knocked
down and left - unconscious • in the field,
where he lay ' until this morning, when
his senseless body, horribly mangled, was
found by the searching party that had
started out after the boy had been missed
for several hours. «
The evidence of " a desperate fight with
the enraged beasts was manifest to the
boy's rescuers, who 'found him half cov
ered with dirt, his clothing torn into
shreds and his head and body a mass of
ugly gashes and lacerations where the.
horns and hoofs-of the attacking bulls
had left their cruel marks.
The injured lad was, hastily removed to
his home, where Dr. Warner of Liver
more was called to attend him. For
hours the surgeon worked In the effort
to save the boy's life. The danger is from
the shock and the exposure the youthful
patient suffered during the twelve hour3
he lay unconscious in the field.
ENRAGED BULLS -ATTACK ,
A BOY NEAR UVERMORE
Young Herder Is Horribly Gored and
Does Not Becover Conscious
ness for Hours.
QUARREL WILL
END IN DERTH
Joseph : Naughton Fa
tally Injured in
Drunken Row.
Thrown Down by Joseph
Burke He Receives- Frac
tured SkulL »
Joseph Naughton, residing at 117% Fif
teenth street," Was thrown down on the
sidewalk by Joseph Burke of 3S52 Devls
adero street last night on Sixth street
and received an injury that will cause
his death. His head struck the pavement
with great force.
The injured man was taken to the
Emergency Hospital, where it was found
that his skull bad been fractured.
Burke and Naughtotf were lntlmata
friends. They had been drinking to
gether all night. After leaving a saloon
on Sixth street they commenced an argu
ment which led to a struggle and ended
only when Naugaton was thrown down.
Burke is a laundryman and X&ughton
works as a plumber's helper. They are
each about 24 years of age.
RANCHERS FEAR
* WILD THIEF
Man of Weird Aspect
Terrorizes Monterey
People. *
Special Dispatch to The CalL
MONTEREY, June 22.— Ranchers of the
Su"r district of this county, about forty
miles south of Monterey, have been great
ly disturbed of late over the frequent ap
pearance of a wild man, who frightens
the women 'and children and steals food
from the very pantries of the farmhouses.
During the past few weeks a number of
sheep have been killed and skinned by
him, and portions of .meat from the hind
quarters cut away. Poultry has been
stolen and even provisions from the
houses.
Up to the present time the strange Indi
vidual has not attempted to harm any
one, but. his appearance is so frightful and
his methods so peculiar that the ranchmen
tear, some trouble will result unless he Is
captured. He goes about unclad, except
for a very scant tunic of sheepskin, and
his unkempt hair atad beard fly wildly
about as he .runs. He appears at all
hours of the day and night, but never
takes anything except food. He never
speaks, and if spoken to or approached he
disaorears with marvelous fleetness Into
the Wush. .-¦-' •¦
He was seen last week by Mrs. Barondo,
the wife of one of the Sur ranchers, stand
ing near her chicken house. Mrs. Barondo
saw him before he discovered he was be
ing watched and she was able to observe
his appearance more in detail than had
been done heretofore. She states that she
noticed a broad plain gold ring on a finger
of the skinny, dirty hand of the recluse,
but that otherwise there were no traces
of civilization about him.
Nothing is known of this mysterious
man except that he has appeared at In
tervals in the Sur country and" sometimes
as far north as the Carmel for the past
two years.
He Is seen less often during the winter
than in the summer months. Officers have
made repeated efforts to capture him, but
his fleetness of foot and extreme, cun
ning in putting his pursuers oft his trail
have always saved him. Attempts have
even been mads to take him with a lariat,
but these also have failed. The resMents
of the district where he roams believe
him to be a lunatic and great anxiety is
felt over what may occur unless he Is
soon captured and placed in confinement.
PEHSONAL.
31. J. Moloney, a business man of St.
Joseph, Mo., is at the Palace.
Dr. W. A. Hendrlcks of Los Angeles
registered at the Palace yesterday.
J. H. Andresen, District Attorney of
Monterey County, Is at the Grand.
Miss Mary Van Buren, leading lady of
the Frawley company. Is staying at tha
Palace.
William H. Bumpas, agent of the Louis
ville and Nashville Railroad at Nashville.
Tenn.. after attending the National Asso
ciation of Local Freight Agents in Den
ver, June 11 to 14, has been traveling
through the coast country- He reached
San Francisco from Portland yesterday
and is much pleased with this city. Ha
will visit other coast cities before return
ing.
OAKLAND, June 22.— The body of Ed
ward Slattery, a discharged soldier of
Company G, Fourth United States In
fantry, lies at the Morgue "with a bullet
hole in his head and John C; Daley, a dis
charged private of the same command, Is
held at the City Prison until the detectives
have comp.cted their Investigation of the
manner in which Slattery came to his
death to-night at 7:30 o'clock In a room
at the Avenue House, 129 San Pablo ave
nue.
Daley's story Is that his companion shot
himself ! In the head with a pistol while
sitting : in a chair, in the apartment the
two men had rented for the night an hour
before the shooting. Daley declares he
was lying ln a semi-stupor on a sofa »-i
poslte Slattery and knew nothing of ..the
suicidal ¦ shooting- until he was aroused
by the shot, and awoke half dazed to find
the room full of smoke, his friend with
a bullet hole in his fprehead, and a pistol
lying on the floor by the chair.
Slattery and Daley came from Maiden.
Mass. Slattery's discharge, under the
name of Edwin Kelley, shows he is 30
years old. a native of Boston. He had $277
when he left camp. The Coroner found $3
or $4 . and some papers on his person.
These were addresses of "William C.
Morss, 741 Howard street, San Francisco:
William Connors, Vallejo, and Joseph
Shaughnesay, driver "Winchester Hotel.
The detectives say that it looks like sui
cide. The attempt of Daley to leave the
house and his explanation of the presence
of the pistol on a table six or eisht feet
from the suicide are the principal points
under investigation. No . surface motive
for murder appears.
Edward Slattery's Life
Ends in a Queer
Manner.
MYSTERY VEILS .
SOLDIERS DEATH
The injunction is directed against ¦ each
and . every member 01 the International
Association of Machinists and all persons
ln any way connected therewith.
JThe injunction is returnable in the Cir
cuit Court of Milwaukee, over which
Judge Eugene S. Elliott presides.
.The i injunction equals in Its effect the
combined strike order issued by Judge
Jenkins in the Northern Pacific case with
out embracing any of the defects of that
order, which led to its revocation in the
Court of Appeals. There Is not a single
reference to the strike ln the injunction—
the men are not restrained from striking,
as they were in the Northern Pacific or
der, but they are simply restrained from
taking any action or doing ! anything
which will In any way tend to cause
damage to the Vitter Company.- • .
"While the action Is brought in the name
of the Vitter Company, it is really the
National Metal Trades Association that is
the plaintiff, the Vitter Company having
been selected to serve as plaintiff because,
it is said, the equities existing were great
er in its favor and Milwaukee was con
sidered the best place in the country ln
which to fight the battle ln the courts.
MILWAUKEE/ June 22.— A sweeping in
junction of widespread scope and import
ance'relative to the strike of machinists
was issued to-day to the Vitter Manufac
turing Company. The order prevents the
strikers from ln any way interfering with
the workmen that " are employed at the
Vitter works, from, gathering about the
works In any way, from posting pickets,
from combining for the purpose of pre
venting tradesmen selling to I workmen
who have refused to quit and from do
ing anything that will In any way operate
to result in damage to the Vitter Com-
It Applies to Every Member
of the International
Association.
An / Injunction Directed
Against the Striking
Machinists.
SWEEPING ORDER
MADE BY COURT
.Then the defense, presented another bill
of sale to Thomas of .all of Mrs. de Lam
bert's property. -Mrs. de Lanibert admit
ted that she had signed this document,
but explained that she had done so to pro
tect herself during " a recent financial
trouble and that the bill of sale had since
been canceled. The j case was not con
cluded.
¦ The first witness put on the stand by the
prosecution was Mrs. de Lambert and
early in the examination the defense of
fered In evidence what purported to be a
bill of sale - of the pictures from her to
Thomas for $250 each. The paper was
shown to Mrs. de Lambert and after read
ing its contents she " involuntarily raised
her right hand and said: "1 swear this
is. the first time "I have seen this paper,
and my signature to the .document is a
forgery." •
At the suggestion of Lawyer Daney, for
the defense, Mrs. de Lambert wrote her
name and it was compared with the sis
nature on the alleged bill of sale. Attor
ney J. S. Callen was called as an expert
on handwriting and he pronounced the
signature on the alleged bill of sale to be
that of Mrs. de Lambert. But this state
ment-had. no effect upon the witness, as
she insisted that the paper pujporting to
be a bill of sale was a forgery.
SAN DIEGO, June 22.— There were sen
sational-developments , to-day at the pre
liminary examination of John.E. Thomas,
charged with embezzling Vandykes and
other costly paintings, alleged to be the
property of Mrs. Edith' A. de Lambert.
Woman Says the Bill of Sale
for Vandykes Is Not '
. Genuine.
Forgery Is Now Charged
in San Diego
.? * ¦¦ -. •• Case. ¦ .. ', ¦
RARE PAINTINGS
STIR TROUBLE
PO P U LA R O A KL A ND BE LLE
IS ENGAGED TO MARRY
Miss Hazel Lillian Gurtiss Will Become the
Bride of LawsonF. Adams Jr., and the
Wedding Will Be a Church Function
TEAMSTERS GIVE
A LIVELY DACNE
Benefit for Ironworkers
at Pavilion Proves
Big Success.
Conditions Surrounding the
Strikers Are Still Un
changed.
DEATH SUMMONS
MRS. DUNSMUIR
Passes " Away at Her
Country Home Near
San Leandro.
Widow of Ooal Magnate and
Mother of Edna Wallace
Hopper.
of Americans.
Says He Is Satisfied of
* Liberal Intentions
SA3CTA CRUZ, Province of Laguna. Lu
zon, June 22. — In the course of an inter
view to-day General Cailles, the insurgent
commander, whose surrender is promised
for Monday, and who is now established
in the former American headquarters at
Pagsanjan, said he was convinced of the
wisdom of surrender and was satisfied of
the liberal intentions of the American au
thorities. The town is full of armed and
uniformed insurgents.
Colonel Caballes, with 120 of Cailles'
command, fled to the mountains this
morning, being frightened by a rumor
that Geronimo and others were to be
hanged. Cailles sent a detachment in pur
suit of them and avers that they will re
turn to-morrow.
He asserts that he will bring more than
600 rifles to Santa Cruz on Monday, with
ten men for every rifle, and declares that
the thirty dollars received for each rifle
will be given to the widows and orphans.
General Cailles declines to be a candi
date for Governor, and will return to Ca
vite, where he is a land-owner.
Frank Mekin of the Thirty-seventh In
fantry, who deserted and has since been
with the insurgents acting as lieutenant,
and Earl Guenther, formerly a canteen
keeper at Paote, are with General Callle3'
command. '•--_„
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
111S Broadway, June 22.
Mrs. Josephine Wallace Dunsmuir,
widow of Alexander Dunsmuir and
mother of Edna Wallace Hopper, the
actress, passed away this afternoon at 1
o'clock, after an illness of ' two weeks,
from typhoid fever. Death occurred at
Mrs. Dunsmuir's beautiful country resi
dence, formerly the Souther farm, near
San Leandro.
Mrs. Dunsmuir had been critically 111
for a week. When the sickness took a
serious turn, her daughter, who was play-
Ing an engagement in New York, was
summoned by telegraph, and Is expected
to arrive here Monday. Telegrams an
nouncing Mrs. Dunsmuir's death have
been sent to Miss Hopper en route. The
attendants at the Dunsmuir home had
made a strong effort to keep the news of
Mrs. Dunsmuir's death quiet, ln order
that the daughter who is hastening home
might not receive too great a shock from
the sudden intelligence which would reach
her through the newspapers.
Dr. W. S. Thome, who was Mrs. Duns
muir's physician for many years, was
called to the San Leandro home when
Mrs. Dunsmuir was first taken sick. A
corps of trained nurses was also sum
moned and for days there has been a
hard fight to save the life of the patient,
but in vain. During the last week Mrs.
Dunsmuir failed rapidly, until her . con
dition became so critical that the attend
ing physician was compelled to give up
hope for her recovery, although for sev
eral days Dr. Thome remained constant
ly at the bedside of his patient..
Nothing will be done concerning: the
funeral arrangements until after Miss
Hopper's arrival.
Mrs. Dunsmuir went East some time
ago to visit with her daughter. She re
turned here two months and a half ago,
and had been in ill health ever since.
Mrs. Dunsmuir had resided at the Souther
farm for several years. The place had
been purchased during the lifetime of
Alexander Dunsmuir. The farm, noted for
its natural attractions, was rendered
doubly beautiful by the expenditure of a
fortune in improvements. A palatial
colonial residence was erected for Mrs.
Dunsmuir and her daughter, and all of
the luxuries that money could lavish upon
the grounds were installed for their com
fort and pleasure.
The secret of Mrs. Dunsmuir's wifehood
•was kept until after the coal baron's
death in New York about two years ago.
Then it developed that he had left a
widow who was the mother of 'dainty
Kdna Wallace Hopper. Mrs. Dunsmuir's
first husband was Waller Wallace, who
was head usher at the old California
Theater when John McCullough and Law
rence Barrett starred there. Wallace and
his dainty Dresden-like beauty did not
agree. After their divorce Mrs. Wallace
took charge of her daughter, Edna. For
a time mother and daughter resided in
Oakland, where the young girl was a
student at Miss BIsbee's school in East
Oakland. Dunsmuir met and wedded the
mother, ana he provided most liberally for
her, as well as for the daughter, who was
given all of the advantages of education.
CAILLES WEARY
OF THE STRIFE
of the firm and whose families are quite
prominent socially in the capital city.-
Already events are being planned, both
here and across the bay, In honor of the
young couple that promise to be elab
orate affairs. No date has been fixed for
the wedding, but it will be a church func
tion with a large home reception, and
probably will take place late in the fall.
Fully 9000 people attended the dance
Sm lf St nisht ln the Mechanics' Pa
vilion by the Brotherhood of Teamsters
Si beneSt of the Iron Trades Coun
cil affair was conducted in a most
orderly manner and afforded an oppor
tunity for the great number of people
p^? ent to spend an enjoyable evening.
*»© grand march was started at 10 p.
a. and -was participated in by 400 couples.
The dancers remained on the floor revel
ing in the delights of the waltz, lancer?,
two-step and schottlsche until the small
hours of the morning.
The music was furnished free by the
Musicians* Union, and twenty-five mem
bers of the Brewers* Union volunteered
their services to handle the refreshments.
It is expected that the dance netted
S8000 for the Ironworkers. Those who
managed the affair were:
_ Floor managers— Joseph Millmore. F. C.
Brr.ith. John McLaughlln, A. Hardes. D. Keat
ing. J. Desmond. W. Stewart and M. Casey.
There have been no new developments
in the relations between the strikers and
employers. Rumors were rife to the effect
that the Union Iron -Works would capiiu
iate to-morrow and grant the ironworkers
their demands. These rumors could not
Sowever, be traced to a reliable source.
Sacretary Rosenberg of the Labor Coun
cil, when questioned about the rumor,
said he knew nothing about it.
The cooks and waiters still maintain
that their battle is a winning one. The
men on strike fear, however, that the re
tail butchers will refuse to serve meat to
the "fair" restaurants, thus placing them
between two fires. President Lane of the
Cooks' and Waiters' TTnion eaid In refer
ence to this action:
HORSE FANCIERS
SUED FOR DEBT
I have been told by the proprietors of
Feveral union restaurants jthat a few re
tail butchers had informed them that
They would not serve them meat after to
morrow. I know that no definite action
has been decided upon by the retail butch
ers. More than one told me that nothing
"will be done until after the meeting to be
held by the retailers to-morrow."
Prominent Men Pail to
Pay an Assessment
Levied.
Suit has been filed by the creditors of
the San Krancisco and San Mateo Agri
cultural Association for money due them
for prizes, printing and advertising bills
tr.d work done In connection with the
horse show given by the association at
Tanforan last falL
At the time of the horse show the asso
ciation was known as the Horse Show
Association of the Pacific Coast. The
show was a financial failure, the associa
tion at its close being 1 some $17,000 in debt.
An assessment of $2 60 per share •was lev
ied to cover the deficit.
Owing to the high standing of the men
forming the association it was not
thought necessary to pro through all the
legal formalities attending: the levying of
the assessment- It was thougrht that
every member would pay up, but only
sixty of the eighty members responded,
hence the suit.
The creditors assigned their claims to
Joseph Castor, who retained Attorney Sid
ney M. Ehrman. The attorney has taken
the necessary legal eteps and seeks to re
cover the amount due from the stockhold
ers who did not pay their assessments.
EOYAL ABCAUTJM DAY IS
OBSERVED BY COT7NCILS
The Royal Arcanum of the United
States was twenty-four years old yester
day, and the local councils of the order.
Argonaut, Golden "West, Buena Vista and
San Francisco, celebrated the event last
night by an entertainment and ball in
Pioneer Hall. The hall was' profusely
decorated with American flags' and tri
colored bunting, from the midst of which
¦was displayed the name and emblems of
the order. The programme of entertain
ment included musical selections, vocal
and instrumental, and recitations by Miss
Millie Flynn, Belle Parsons Ockenden,
Miss Kathryn Madden and W. J. Hynes.
Grand Vice Regent G. Gunzendorfer oc
cupied the attention of the ladies and gen
tlemen for a- short time to give a review
cf the order, which during the time of its
existence has grown from a Email mem
bership in one council to 221.8S4. and, as
he said, "It is still growing."
OAKLAND, June 22.— An announce
ment that will be received with a
great deal of interest by, the so
cial circles not only of Oakland,
but of San Francisco and Sacra
mento, is that of the engagement of Miss
Hazel Lillian Curtiss and Lawson F. Ad
ams Jr. Miss Curtiss is the only daugh
ter of Mr. and Mrs. Gilbert L. Curtiss, a
well-known capitalist, who has extensive
wheat-growing: interests in Madera Coun
ty. Mrs. Curtiss is prominent in social
and women's club circles, being an active
member of. the Ebell Society.
The bride-to-be is a girl of striking per
sonality. She is tall, with a wealth of fair (
hair and dark ej-es, forming a rather un
usual type of beauty. Miss Curtiss is very
popular, both here and in Sacramento,
where she was entertained quite exten- ,
sively last winter. Her artistic work with
both pen and brush has attracted a great
deal of. attention, particularly her sketches
in water color of dancing girls.
"Lawrie" Adams, as he is known to his
familiars, is a son of Lawson F. Adams
Sr. of the old-established wholesale mer- •
cantile firm of Adams, Booth & Co. of
San Francisco, and is himself connected <
•with the same firm. He is a prominent ' ]
clubman, being a member of the Bohe
mian and Olympic clubs and the Presidio ]
Golf Club and is a director of the Mlra :
Monte Gun Club, which is sometimes <
called the "millionaires' " club. Mr. Ad- 1
axns is- a brother of Fred and Burt Ad- 1
ams, managers of. the Sacramento branch i
HOUSE OF LORDS
TO TRY RUSSELL
Nevada Official Gives
Testimony Against
the Earl. *
& >~
LONDON, June 22.— Earl Russell reap
peared In the Bow-street Police Court to
day on the charge of bigamy and was
committed for trial. The court was
crowded. Among those present was the
woman (Mrs. Somerville) who, the Earl
claims, Is his wife and to whom he was
married In Reno, Nev., In 1900, after he
had obtained a divorce from his first wife.
The register of his first marriage was
produced. Mr. Brown, Assistant Director
of Public Prosecutions, then testified that
the present proceedings were taken by tha
Public Pro3ecutor independently of any
other person, confirming the first Count
ess' statement that she Is not a party to
the suit. |
Mr. Brown gave details of his Investiga
tion at i Reno, and B. P. Curler, County
Judge of Washoe County, Nevada, testi
fied to having married Earl Russell and
Mrs. Somerville at the Riverside Hotel In
Reno. The defendant called himself Mr.
'Russell, and the witness was not aware
of his rank.
After detailing, the Nevada law on di
vorce Mr. Curler said that In Earl Rus
sell's divorce the law . was not complied
with in two respects, and therefore the
decree annulling the Earl's marriage was
not valid even in Nevada.
After counsel had protested that Earl
Russell had not been given adequate time
to prepare his defense the Earl was com
mitted for trjal at the next session of the
Central Criminal Court, the same ball
(£2000) being allowed.
It appears that the Earl must be tried
as a Peer In the House of Lords. The
usual course is that, after the committal,
an application is made to remove the case
to the House of Lords by writ of cer
tlorarl./ Such trials have been very rare.
The last was the case of Lord Cardigan.
There have been four trials of Peers in
the House of Lords since the end of the)
reign of George II. ¦
WANTS TERMINUS OP GEAEY
STREET LINE NE AH I^EBBT
E. P. B. Troy. Calls Supervisors' At-
tention to Provisions of
Charter. • V -
A communication from E. P. E. Troy
will be presented to the Board o* Super
visors to-morrow calling the attention of
that body to the section of the city char
ter regulating the number of blocks on
which street railway companies can use
the same tracks.
Mr. Troy asks the board, in view of the
action to be taken ; soon toward the ac
quirement of the Geary street franchise
T>y , the city. ' to immediately order the
Geary-street Railway Company to use the
Market street company's track on Mar
ket street, thus making it possible to have
the terminus of the Geary street line
within a few blocks of the ferry.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, STJKDAY, JUNE 23, 1901.
WASHINGTON, June 22.— Following the
order. issued yesterday making Judge Taft
Civil 3 Governor • of the Philippines, . an or
der has been Issued naming General Chaf
fee as Military Governor of tha archipe
lago. SBBB909BH • ¦ • •
Chaffee .Military Governor.
Irving F. Moulton, -cashier of the Bank
of California, swore to . a . complaint - in
Judge Fritz's court yesterday morning, as
mentioned in yesterday's Call, for the ar
rest of ' Walter Saling, the , absconding
clerk of .W.'M. Du Val & Co.; commission
merchants. Front street, on the charge of
forgery- Baling while In Chicago forged a
check for $500 on the firm, which was paid
by the bank. /He will be arrested in Chi
cago and steps will be taken to have him
extradited. < ,
Saling to Be Extradited.
Three years have elapsed since Mr.
Peary left America, - and two - full sea
sons' work Is to be learned upon the re
turn of the Eric. . More Interesting In a
personal and dramatic way than the geo
graphical work of Mr. Peary is the fate
of his wife and daughter and the steamer
Windward, from which nothlnr has been
heard since her departure from God
haven, . Greenland, . August 20, . 1900. Ex
pectations and Instructions then .were
that the Windward, with Mrs. Peary and
Miss Peary," would return in the autumn,
and the hope now Is that their detention
was due to Mr. Peary's orders and rea
sons which were satisfactory to him.
The Eric will take stores for one year,
to guard against- any possible. detention,
and will, with authority from the Royal
Greenland Trading Company to land, call
at the most northern station for any pos-
Blble Information of Peary. The summer
of 1901 is likely to mark the culmination of
the work of the. Peary Club, though :lts
members, confident as they have- been
from the outset in Mr. Peary's success,
are pledged to stand by him unfalteringly
to the end. . - ¦ : • • .. • ¦ .
NEW YORK. June 22.— The Peary Arc
tic Club, of which President Morris K.
Jessup of the Chamber of Commerce. is
president and President .Henry W. Can-?
non of the Chase National Bank treas
urer, has intrusted its secretary, Herbert
L. Bridgeman, with the command of its
expedition in 1901, the fourth of the series
since Mr. Peary departed on his attempt
to attain the pole. — /
Dr. Frederick A. Cook of Brooklyn, sur
geon of the first Peary expedition in 1891,
and of the Belgium Antarctic expedition,
has accepted the H position of surgeon. The
club's chartered steamer, Eric, is now on
her way from London to St. Johns, N. F.,
where the > captain and crew will be
shipped and whence she will proceed to
Sydney, C. B., for coal and supplies, tak
ing her departure from that port direct
for the north about the middle of next
month. " . . ¦' ; '-.• .-¦.•¦
Herbert L.'Bridgeman to
Command Pearv
Expedition.
BEADY TO START
FOR THE ARCTIC
TWO WELL-KNOWN YOUNG
PEOPLE WHOSE ENGAGE
MENT IS ANNOUNCED.
Honesty is undoubtedly the best policy,
but it keeps many a man poor.
pany:
25
1BE A MAN AGAIN!
g-,. y : ; ., •,.:¦¦- — — H'ci'M
(¦¦¦Weak Meni Arouse Yourselves, Feel the Exhilarating Spark of Vigor in g
n Your Nerves. Recover the Power You Have Lost. -. »
5 •'¦'¦*."•'¦ . ' ~r- M
H Would you not like to have your friends point to you as they used to do and say. "There ?roes a strong man?" Do £•
S you not wish your eye to be so bright, your step so firm and your form so erect that men and women will admire you 5
H and remark at your manly bearing? These are the thoughts uppermost in the minds of modern men— physical and 2
¦ mental perfection, strength and manly power. «
B " Who doea not like to be strong, to feel that he is equal in strength to any man of his age? You can be If you will H
¦ obey the appeal here made to you. Despond no more. Be up and acting. Infuse Into your body the life-giving 1 power H
m from this appliance and you will soon feel the grateful nerve force jumping through your veins; your carriage will H
13 then be erect andyour glance a sparkle of gladsome friendship. Your brain will become clear and your heart light, and n
S all. the world* wiir seem to you again what Itis a pleasure to know, a pleasure to live in. jg
¦ ¦ || >^v DR. MCLAUGHLIN'S ELECTRIC BELT |
¦ *^^ /*^ ' ' \ has one or more curesl by ll - The delicate nature of H
5 |^Bi«^^. If »4t -y *?C^ * •/¦ /•'I * n t^' 3 P a P er to print the gladsome tidings ¦which £3
5 Hist /'i.*** • y '* : s y*"^' ;-/•- / wou^ De produced. It Is a remedy born in nature, m
J ML '*'/' '.S ** -"\1 *>¦¦¦" -O^ '/' -"x force; therefore it Is the only sure means of re- 2;
¦ I ft *'?", /* ' ' V» >w -^ iJlfr gaining it. Drugs have been tried and have failed. *J
¦ KB v^ '*•¦•'/ 'sSj-'' '^'^ > ~-^~ i 0lm9 You know that: but Dr. McLaughlin's Electric Belt **
¦ I HA fitG*>i't'//s /¦''*'' "j-\ ' -¦'-''j^'lB cannot fail; it Is Electricity, and "Electricity i3 H
¦ i^aBB^HMtf I ¦^Ga?<^X'' ''-"'/> J L- "-'^«lSl Life." It gives you the ol! with which to set the ¦
¦ P^HMPBWI l ..r^r^'^^ yS^f' * -r- .*~ f :^'I^f^wMaL machinery of your body in motion, and a few D
m HBHi t^\ k^?»C^V--^--^T' ¦*T'' ' ni^ri^Jf^Bbk months" use of It will assure you health and hap- H
S HMHHHUJB rrV^M^i? " — -' ' ~~***>- -^^-\»^ai Hi piness for the rest of your life. "It Is worth Its U
2 HHn Hr IvSW^ - ' ~ v -TWHM am weight in gold to me." says a recent letter. "I a
¦ HHfl I v )4ti|W"" "$ — *v 1 ~ '^Sk HWHmI would not sell it for all the gold in this State." »
¦ H r~M Ctk^Zir^*^* *" — - writes another grateful ratient. It will cure all „
¦ sssllsssssssssssss^ 9&<\ris!r/~—~ —— — -"."Kr^" • . Xervous and Organic M'eakness, Rheumatism. "
¦ HHHHW'/ ' ' Snils'K^v* - fT -^- I f Lame Back. Kidney and Bladder Troubles, Indi- E»
¦ H/J •"• ~ l"\ •-- - I I " seation, ' Dyspepsia and all ailments following the ¦
¦ HV»ii" '¦•'¦¦ ". *^ %; oy l -V- 1 effects of dissipation. It will prove of great value Q
S . H Hf N \^ "\ "*\~A-" // I to any man who suffers from these ailments. ..- Q
¦ HT ' .-.VT, ¦ * -..^v *"*>'""<.\ ' V '."*-"'] ¦ I ' I ATP r*ITB?F^: ' • i To«p.belt lathe only euro ¦
S H H 7 - ¦...-.¦*. <\ - AA / ./ - LAID WUKLO— I have ever found. I have m
¦ HHHsf- '¦- • ¦"-" " V "V ' Vl ' II ' rsalned 15 pounds since I began wearinjf It. I can work «
¦ "..-^^^^ .. . . \VAi\l now and am full of energy.y-C. H. DREWRT. Korbel. ¦ .
S V \.\ \\ * ¦'•1 was an old man of 70 before I ? ot your Belt. Now m
H W^^^^^^m^ \ \\ \\ after wearing It three ninths I feel like a young man of
¦ ' • : ,-'. *;i.' II thirty-five. The years *re there but my step Is as firm 5
¦ 'I . «s at thlrty-flve, and I feel just as vigorous. "—A. CRAW- ¦
§ 'NO:: PAY U NLESS°^U RE €K "" " " 1
S Toil take no chances on the McLaughlin Belt, as a cure Is guaranteed In every, case.- Dr. McLaughlln has writ- !
ten a book which should be ln the hands of every young, middle aged and old man. ! It should be read by every man j
¦* who does not feel himself equal to his fellow man in strength. It will be sent free, closely sealed from observation,- to 2
H any man who wishes to know of his own weakness and the best means of curing it. Send for it to-day. It has full in- ¦
¦ formation and price list. Address _ v - ¦• >" . V-'-'^H
I DR* M; C. McLAUQHLI^ San Francisco, g
¦ . - O«ko Hour«t' 8 A. M. to 8:30 P. M. 6unday«. 10 to I. H
¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦111"
J . :
You Can Be Cured of
NERVOUS DEBILITY
and LOST MANHOOD
"CALTHOS"
Full 5 Days Treatment
ABSOLUTELY FREE
By Sealed Mall.
D x S c^ 0^Si 3 r^c B A 0^So«.« NO C. 0. D. OR DEPOSIT SCHEME.
For years tbe cry has rone up from hundreds and
thousands of men, young and old, for a remedy that
would rid them of the terrible result of ee-iy follies
or excesses, or of the overwork and worry that sap
the physical vitality.
The medical profession of this country aesmed
powerless to cope with the appalling and disastrous
diseases and annoying weaknesses of men resulting
from violation of .Nature's Laws, e;
PROF. LAEQRDE'S WONDERFOL DISCOVERY.
It remained for the eminent French authority.
Prof. Jules Laborde, to conduct scientific inquiry
into the canse and cure of Lost Vitality. Sexual
Wcaknees. fcpermatorrhosa. Epilepsy, Impotency,
Small Parts, and the world today acknowledges the
t opremacy of the wonderful remedy "CAITHOI."
the Von Mohl Company, of Cincinnati. Ohio,
recognizing the commercial value of Prof. Laborde'g
tUncorerr. eecured tbe sole American right! for
"CALTHOS." and through its agency thousand*
of men who suffered from iterual diseases and en-
feebling nervous maladirs have been restored to
health and the virile powers of perfect manhood.
THE VQK MOHL CD'S. REMARKABLE OFFER.
ViV axe now authorized, by The Von Mohl Com-
pany, to announce that every man who sends simply
hi* came and addrere will be supplied absolutely
fr*>* by sealed mull, with nve-dxys fnll treatment
cf "CALTHOS." This is no C. O. D. or Deposit
Scheme, and there Is positively no condition at*
tacbed to tbe offer. Yon need not cive humiliating
riet&ils regaxoisg your trouble. You ted not tend
ens cent of znoney— not even a postige stamp. All
The Von Mohl Co.. 278 B, *£&
The Ten Mohl Company desires is that yon irlve the
remedy a fair and thorough trial, and they, are will.
ing to stand all the expense connected with the trial
to prove the faith in its merits.
POWER OF "CALTHOS" PROVED.
The first day you take the treatment yon will U
benefited. The second day yon will feel an improve-
ment. The third day you will note an increase of
strength.^.TU* fourth day will show a gain both
mentally and physically. The fifth day you will
teel like a new man. ' If you snffer from any form
of Nervous Decline and Sexual Weakness. Sperma-
torrhoea. Varicocele; Impoteucy, Small Parts, Kight
Sweats, Palpitation of the Heart, Nervousness, Con*
fusion of Idea*, and Loss of Slemory, you can posi-
tively be cured by "CALTUOS," but if the disease
has progressed to the stage marked br the symptoms
of Epilepsy, Consumption or Insanity, we cannot
Komite complete recovery.
PROMPT ACTION IMPORTANT.
At yon Talne your health. 1 roar happlnegg, yonr
rerr life. «•«» net delay befflnninc '""-til
The Von Mohl Company hai tbouiandg of testimo-
nials on file from persons who hare taken the treat-
ment, showing its marvelous restorative power.
The Companr doea not publiah testimonials, and
your correspondence is f acred! y confidential.
Many who take only the five-days free treatment
write that they are entirely cured.
For the sake of your family and friende, u WtXl
it* for jour own beat interests, write to The Voa
Mohl Ompany for the free treatment by ra*n, ia
plain sealed package, at once. •".„'.
t Importers of Standard r!Hrt!««Al] A
tion» ln tha United 8t»t««. L>lIlClIlIlHU f U»
PROP. JULE3 IiABORDE,Continued on Page Twenty-Seven.
\ •i/S^^/sr^-l EDDING bells rang out
CN^jV^rQSiJ merrily during the past
\\ 1 1 1 7" week and made the late
I V I V I J I season a gay and bril
'¦VVvVvV liant one. Next week
the .wedding of v Miss
Scott and Walter Mar
tin will he the all Important function.
A very quiet wedding was solemnized at
St. Augustine's (Episcopal) Church, Santa
Monica, on June n. the contracting par
ties being Robert M. Schwarz of Arling
ton. Riverside County, and Miss Nell K.
S. . Kennelly, daughter of - Captain and
Mrs. "Kennelly of Santa Monica. Only*the
intimate friends of . the family were pres
ent on account of the absence ' cf the
bride's father through illness. . ;— ' v "
At the Besorts.
.The following Pacific .Coast passengers
"sailed on the Hamburg-American line
steamer Deutschland on the 13th inst. for
London. Paris and Hamburg: Mr. and
Mrs. Frederic Henry, J. W. Stobener. Wil
liam Stobener, E. Jacob and valet. Baron
and Baroness von Perbandt, G. Flamm,
Benjamin Kingsbaker, Peter Brown, Mr.
and Mrs. J. Bergman, Misses Helen and
Cora Bergman. Milton Bergman. W. J.
Collinan. Mr. and Mrs. C. H. Wendte, Miss
Frieda Wendte.* Mr. and Mrs. J. Riskin.
William Kistenmacher. Matthew Steven
eon. Mr. and Mrs. David Riskin and child,
Mr. and Mrs. Samuel Riskin and child, S.
Riskin, M. Riskin. Misses Sarah and M.
Riskin, Charles Riskin. Claud Riskin.
Miss Ida R. Christianson, Miss Elizabeth
JCopp. Miss Amelia Kopp. George Brueck
ner, C. S. Christcnson, M. Stevenson, Mr.
and Mrs. H. H. Willers. Mrs. Andrew
Gall. Master Alphonse Gall.
Mrs. Catherine Murray and Karl R.
Wanner were marrjed last Sunday morn
ing at the. home of the bride. 524 Turk
street, by Justice of the Peace Long. The
rooms were Drettily decorated with pink
flowers, the "favorite color of the bride.
Among the friends of the couple who were
present to witness the ceremony were:
John Murray, Miss Minnie Wanner, Mr.
and Mrs. Charles Morrison. Mr. and Mrs.
George Braendk-in, Rudolph and Miss Lil
lie Braendlein. Mrs. Kate Showell. and
Messrs. Schneckenburger. Thomann.
Struve and Micheau. The newly married
couple left for she south for a brief honey
moon.
GILROY HOT SPRINGS— Registered
during the past week at Gllroy Hot
Springs were: From San Pranclsco— B. E.
Handy. Miss Corlnne ChristEen, Master
C. P. Christsen. C. Bielowskl. Mrs. XV.
G. Griffith. Misses Margaret. Katherine
and Ruth Griffith, Theo. Richards, Leo F.
Nolan. B. Mlrsky, Misa Alice W. Taylor,
Miss Helen Morrow. H. Y. Baar. P. S. Mc
¦Carry. T. J. Espinosa. W. F. Clark: from
Watsonvllle — B. B. Parker, Miss Ann'.e
Kerns, Mrs. Peter Jessen, Miss Mamie
Kerns. Mrs. Mary Kerns. Miss, Katlo
Kerns; from Los Angreles— J. J. Schmidt.
H. T. Moore; from Salt Lake City. Utah-
Mrs. H. R. Prior and son; from Orlstimba
— J. H. Schneider; from Berlin, Germany—
H. Romig-; from Alameda— H. P. Hansen.
N. H. Hall, M. F. Dugen and Bon: from
Oilroy— James E. Kannely. George Ma
thias. Mr. and Mrs. O. T. Moore. Charles
.Pollard. Mr. and Mrs. E. D. Crawford and
daughter. James A. Sargent. George E.
Rea, C. W. Bennett; from Oakland— H. C.
Paulson. M. C. McLaughlin. Mrs. P. J.
Hancock, W. Holland Jr., T. J. Feeney.
SKAGGS HOT SPRINGS— The follow
ing are among the recent arrivals " at
Skaggs Hot Springs: San Francisco-
Herman Cohn, William Brennen. D. B.
Osbourne, P. M. Covoe, A. Green, E. B.
Blood, W. XV. Jones, Captain J. H. Bruce
and wife, F. Hoffman, T. L. Weber, Mrs.
John Lee, Mrs. William Foutz, Miss Min
nie Foutz, P. J. Campion, 'J. A. Bergerot
and wife. D. K. Penner, James Comlsky.
John J. Clifford, Francis L. Cook. Miss
Laura a. Glynn, Miss Nellie A- Glynn, F.
R. Alexander, John H. Schmidt, John
Hartmann, J. S. O'Neil, James F. Leahy,
Hiss Annie E. Leahy. Miss Annie McCon
nell. L. Bestandig. Fred H. Fassett. Ar
znand Cailleau, William John and wife.
Miss Lillian Schaible, Mrs. Lizzetta Brod
ersen. W. C. Goode, Frank Zlffra, Mrs.
B. F. Webster. S. A. Webster, Charles W.
Macloon, Mrs. George D. Lucy and two
.children. Max Hoffman, ¦' Miss K N.
Tregloan, Mrs. .C. Higgiiis, Ches
•ter -tSkaggE, Mrs. 4 Margaret Evans,
Miss Mabel N. Osher, Mrs. Ida B.
Agee. Mrs. Beccote. M. -King and wife,
Ed King. Joe King. Miss Mabel King,
. William Hatteroth and family,-. Dr. H. R.
• Morton. Dr. J. J. Flood and wife. Robert
Flood, Henry Flood, Miss Mae Lorretta
Xutsen. Miss Clara Eleanor Nutsen, Ru
dolph Sehrensky, Pierre Dupuy and wife.
J. A. Henderson. Phillip Eller. J. XV.
Wright and wife. A. Harvey Wright, W.
Edgerton Wright. Miss Helen C. Wright,
S. S. Hockett and wife. Miss Short, H. L.
Moore. Mrs. O. F. Becker. Mrs. H. Stet
tin. Miss F. Stettin. Judge Robert J. To-
and wife, Mr. Arbuckle and wife, Charles
Wagner and wife. J. C Thompson, D.
Rothebbush, A..- C. .Gall:., from. Tucson,
Ariz., R. Remstadt; from Haywards— R.
Reid^M.^MexroB and wife; from Chicago,
A. M. Mowrey;. from Merced— J. .A. Sil
veira, John L> Ardo; from Bakersfield —
Alfred Harrek, wife and daughter; from
Amador City, William Angelovich; from
Los Banoc, A. E. Smith; from Sunol, Al
fred Py ; from . Aberdeen, \ Wash., Bert
Morse; from Cornwall, Sadie A. Gorham.
CAMP TAYLOR— The following J guests
registered at Camp Taylor last week:
From 1 San Francisco— R. D.-McGee, J. F.
Garvey and wife, C. Lyons, G. Lyons, J.
Marten and -family, P. Tillaux and wife,
S. ¦ M. Levy, Miss C. Cozzens, Miss S.
Cronan, Miss M. A. Cronan, Miss How
land, H. J. Sinession and wife, H. Tolkins
and wife.'W. Detz and wife, Miss Keat
ing. G. B. DiUon, *J. Tresch... Mrs. M.
Tresch, J. Olcovlch, Miss R. Hayes, Mrs.
F. ¦ L: Haynes, Miss •¦ L. Thorson, C.
Hehnke, Miss J. Lytjens, Miss E. Lyt
jens, Miss. O. Lytjens, J. W. ¦ Lytjens,
W. S. Judd, E. McQuade and family, B.
Friedberg, • H. . E. Friedberg, H. E. Hoff
man, Miss O. M. Charlton, Miss H. E.
Clark, A. B. Charlton, Miss O. L. Pettus,
Miss E. O. Pottus, Mrs. L. E. Pettus,
Miss K. Dunker. Miss H. Dunker, R. Del
amater, .Charles Fisher and wife, H. R.
Campe and wite. Miss C. Wolff, , Miss E.
Wolff. Miss L. Trefts, Miss M. McCol
lough, Mr. Whittock and wife, Miss Ethel
Clark, Miss Irene Clark, L. C. Clark and
wife, Milton Clark, W. Egan, E. Miller,
H. Miller, A. Bertelsen, R. Heine, C. Hull,
XV. Rodgers, B. Schmidt and family, H.
Stohlmann and wife, J. Lackmann and
wife, H. Lackmann, F. D. Bartlett, L. A.
Hewlett, Miss Nettie Burkhardt, Mrs. A.
D. Camerbn, Miss A. Burkhardt, Miss'G.
Reutschler. A. M. Eaton, J. P. Lucas and
wife, W. Wobber and wife, Miss Wilcox,
S. F. Adam, J. O. Solomon, W. Hunter
and wife, A. J. Atkins, Misa E. A. Lewis,
A. Elcherberger, J. A. Gorman, H. A.
Hooker, Miss M. Chance, Miss C. Morris,
MissE. Trewavas, Mrs. A. Taylor, A.
Nelson," RVD. Dake, W. F. Yates. E. Mc-
Kewn, J. Anthony and wife, C. Wiemer,
H. Bowman, Miss S. Chemas, L. Leben
baum, E. N. Smith, Misa G. M. Coleman,
Miss Florence Reemer, J. H. Crosby and
wife, W. E. Baines, C. E. Wagner, J. F.
Mugs, A. Aubin, R. M." Bartthold, F. -E.
Hueter, V. Schutte, E. F. Schutte, M.
Schumann, H. A. Burke, Miss G. Peter
son, Miss C.Peterson, Mr. Pennlngton and
family, L. Stewart, Miss C. Slmklns, D.
Courneen and wife, . P. Courneen, H. J.
Courneen, A. Girot, M. Girot, F. Glrot,
Mrs. C. A. Baxter, Miss B. A. Baxter, J.
McEnhlH, Thomas D. Daly, James Cronln
and wife, D. P. Cronin and eon, A. Conk
bey, A. Mole, H. Lyfmann. Miss H.
Armsten, Mrs. M. S. Grlnbaum, H.
Browning, Mrs. J. Ellison and son, MIsb
F. Ellison, G. C. Crowell, Miss E. Crowell,
Mrs. H. Jacobs, L. Bennett. From Oak
land—Mrs.. F. Shay, E. L. Priest, Mrs. L.
Clark, D. R. Campbell, Miss . M. Camp
bell, Miss K. Campbell, F. J. Ross and
family, H. Whittaker/ C. Hencke. From
Berkeley-B. . J. Silvershleld, Mrs. L. F.
Hampton, L. F. Hampton, J. W. Barker
and wife, Mies Rosa Barker, Edwin Bar
ker, Miss. Ethel Hampton, Gerald Hamp
ton, Miss Olive Hampton. Santa. Cruz—
H. D. Fagen. Belvedere— Mrs. E. J. Ben
jamin. Los Angeles— A. Glrot. M. Girot,
F. Girot. San Rafael— Miss M. Driscoll,
S. G. Sewald, C. M. Moore. Corte Ala
idera — Miss Ethel Moore. New York —
E. D. R. Ten Eyck. Sausalito— W. M.
Field, Mrs. R. H. Maddock, Mrs. D. Spar
row. San Rafael— H. D. Baxter.
<PARAISO HOT SPRINGS— The follow
ing list of people are at Paraiso Hot
Springs: F. G. Andrews and wife, D.
Hagan, Dr. and Mrs. M. E. Gonzates, A.
Gilliland, Cicero Nichols, Dr. F. L. Zelgler
and -wife, .J.M. Laurie and wife, Jasper
McDonald • and wife, Sam Biblo. W. W.
Pierce, Mrs. J. S. Love, G. Favien Kopp,
Thomas McMahon, Thomas H. Shatford.
Moses- Samuel and wife. Miss Leah J.
.Samuel, Miss Sadie Samuel, Paul Samuel,
Sanford Samuel, Clyde S/ Samuel, A. W.
Blow, Mrs. L. Thompson, W. A. Bradford,
W. H. Hammon, Mrs. J. George Leibold,
Miss Madeline Rothenberg, Mrs. L. Roth
enberg, Sanford C. Rothenberg, George
¦>Tourny. J. W. Howell, Edward J. Wolff,
wife- and : child. Miss. Edna Lippman, J.
Simon and wife, Thomas G. Jacques Jr.,'
J.. M.' Woodthorpe, San Francisco: LV H.
Garrigus, H. P. Brown, E. C. Griffin and
son, Salinas; Mias-.Doud, 1 Monterey; Peter
Neilson.- Chualar;- H. H. Cowles, P. XV.
Morse, Watsonville;,. Joseph .House, Santa
Cruz; Alex Brandon, San Ardo:*'Rev. V.
Closa.-' San Juan; Miss Alma Olsen, Miss
M. Olsen; LeonJacqueson and wife. Sole
dad; William. Branstetter, John Sturzen
negger,. Spreckels. .Ranch; C G. White,
Del Monte: J. J. Hebbron, Salinas.
HIGHLAND SPRINGS-Mr. and Mrs!
W. B. Bradford, who have been spend
ing a ¦ month -at Highlands, returned
Thursday: to their, home in San Rafael.
Miss Augusta Ames, Miss Maude Ames,
and Colonel T. W. Brennan returned this
week to their home In San Francisco
after a two months' visit at Highlands.
Mr. W. B. Cline, president of the Los
Angeles • Lighting , Company, returned
Wednesday, after having located his fam
ily at the springs for a several months'
stay.
Mrs. C. Ivancovich of Van Ness avenue,
and family, arrived Monday for a six
weeks' visit. . - > .
Mrs. W. D. O'Kane and Master Mervyn
O'Kane, Mrs. Charles J. Bandmann, two
children and maid, arrived Sunday for
several weeks' stay. • - ¦»> ¦>
Mr. James Marten arrived Friday for a
long stay. , '
On Wednesday evening forty of ' the
guests spent a delightful evening at pro
gressive eucher. There were ten very
pretty prizes given out.
Mr. and -Mrs.- J. G. Allen, ' Judge and
Mrs. Hunt, Mrs. G. L. King and son,
Mrs. F. M. Butler and children, arid Miss
Center, spent a delightful -3ay on the
lake Tuesday, lunching at Paraiise Val
ley.
- KLAMATH HOT SPRINGS-Reefent ar
rivals at the Klamath Hot Springs in
clude: San Francisco— Joseph W. 4talph,
wife and son, C. Edward . Inne*. H. G.
Wlcsbrod, Abe Haas, L. J. Kottgers. R.
R. Flint, James Brownell. W. H. Lee
man. 1 W. F. Geary, S. H. Parker and wife,
J. W. Rooch and wife, Marie P.ooch. J.
'S. Westkoten, Mr. and Mrs. F. Tlllman
Jr., Master Frederic Tillman, Misa Agnes
TUlman, Miss Agnes Mang«l<3, A. Shen
ker, C. H. Ovenington and wife. Klamath,
Agency, . Or. — George W. Looseley an<V
wife,' Frank L. Applegate, Edward K.
Looseley. Grldley— Marion Bigyn, Thomas
P.. Hutchlns and wife. Oakland— Mrs. :' M.
'Allen, Hazel Allen. Klamath l^alU* — Mrs.
H.*L. Benson, 3on and daughter, R. W.
Marplo, J • T. Henley and wife, Henry L.
Benson. Maryavllle— Miss H. J. Martin.
Montague— *J. E. Bcaudroit. Denver,
Colo.— Z. A. Shire. Los Angeles -John S.
Calkins. Red Bluff— I. N. Floyd. Red
ding—Ed • Rlche. Hampton, Iowa— W., J.
Stonebrakor. , ,
SARATOGA SPRINGS— Registered dur
ing the past wesk at Saratoga Springs
were: From San. Francisco— G. Havt
mann, W. Hartmann, Mrs. C. Goetzo,
Mrs. J. Hassllnger, R. L. Radke, .wtfe
and daughter, Miss Dous Radke, Mr. and
Mrs. H. Adams, John Meyer, wife and
baby t Alexander P. Chrlste, William
Robes, Arnold McAmillan, Bernard Wlnd
¦haus, Charles Aronson', J. F. Helens and
daughter, H. D. Merihaus. Miss Murphy,
Mrs.. Mary Murphy, r Baker -Hamilton,
Adolph Meyers and wife; J. W. Preston,
Gertrude Largis, Mattle Athens, Adell Mc-
Murry. E. G. Williams, Ukiah; P. Care
via, Oakland; J. H. Meaden, Piedmont
Heights; George Holtslander, . Ed Schwer
ln, Elwood Schwerin, Gus Schwerin, Ala
meda; Frank Rouke, John . Akers, Gus
Beattie, Los Angeles; George Wentworth,
Santa Rosa; Francis. Moore, San Jose;
Willis Burrough, Sacramento; Clarence
White, San Rafael; Wilson Graham, lia
kersfleld; Maurice Mamon, Berkeley. ;
THE GEYSERS— The following guests
are registered at the Geysers: Lou Mul
ler, James P. Dockery, .Mrs. J. P. Dockery,
Eugene P. Dockery, George- H. Dryden,
Mrs. George H. Dryden, Joseph P. Dry
den, Ernest Maybor, Fred Mlchaeles, r C.
R. Goodwlth, H. J. Bremer. B.-B. : Gal
land, J. O. Colver, Lou Mu Her, wife and
child. H. H. Becker and .wife," San.Fran
cisco: H. Foley; Cornelia Stratton, Mabel
de Golia, Miss Mabel Gage, Mrs. George
de Golia, Oakland; G. F. Keenan, W/ E.
Reynolds,- Santa Rosa; Alexander :R.
Baum, Chlrles Baum, Alameda; Maud
Heitt, Hermitage; Maud Collins, Eda
Collins, . E.- XV. Collins, G. C. Col
llns,' Professor F. R. Cauch, .- C.
A. .Yordi. Miss L. Yordi, Clover
dale; Marsh Howe, Miss C. Chlpchase,
Miss ; Florence Rasco, 'Miss "Alma • Gray,
Mrs. J: R. Cross, Arthur G. Flsk, G. : Price,
Jack 5 Robertson, Albert ' "Butler, A. A-
Doholki. M: Gioravitch. M. R. Hardy,
F.. HI Hardy, Volma Hardy, Mrs. J.- B.
Nicholson* M^ss Belle Nicholson, San
Francisco. ¦ ;-• • • ---'•'<. ¦'••¦
LAUBEL DELL— Rf glstercd »• at Laurel
Dell 1 are: From. San Francisco- Mrs.- A.
H.-. Wilson, Misses Sadie and Maud Wil
son, Mrs. S. Morris, Miss M. Simon, Mrs.
Charles M. Leavy , Misses Edythe and
Nanette Leavy, R. Betilow and family, j.
R. Daniels, Hans Gullixso'n and wife, Mrs:
L. G." Mativea. Miss L. M. McLeod, Dr.
F. W. McLaughlln. J. " Shoernfeld and
wife, the Misses Shoernfeld, Misa E. B.
Bailey, Misses L. and G. Kelley, Mrs.
Clara Bigelow, Mrs. Platt, Jesse Platt,
the Misses Ludlow, A. Asher, M. Marx.
Mr. and Mrs. Robert Hockstader, Mr. and
Mrs. N. Frick, Dr. Maynard and 'wife, C.
R. Goodrich and wife, C. G. Blosdorff, C.
J- Philipp, Mrs. A. Leszynsky, Miss Julia
Leszynsky, Miss B. Boat, Miss Sylvia Se
ligr. R. Leon, Mrs. R. Leon, Mr. and Mrs.
Gellert, Miss F. B. Vail, Mrs. H. Bush,
Master Sain Bush, Miss Myrtle Bush, Mr.
and Mrs. C Bush, Mr. and Mrs. Frank
Greeny Miss Helen Louise Green, Miss
Bloomingdale and party, F. E.: Mason and
party. Miss Roberts, J. Vincent de Lave
aga, John L. A. Jaunet.
CAMP CURRY— The week's arrivals at
Camp Curry, i Yosemite, are as follows.
G. H. Merkeland wife, Cincinnati, Ohio;
Mrs. E. A. Green, Stanford University;
Miss Maud March, ' Stanford University ;
Edward A. Nelson, Nashua, N. H.:- Misses
Katherine G. McQuade and ' Abbie Me-
Glaughlin, San Francisco; Z. Buthell and
wife, Sacramento; W. T. Hamiltdn, wife
and d&ughter, Oakland; R. L. Gllsson,
Portland, Or.; "U r . . C. Marken and wife,
Stockton; D. Parkinson and wife/Scot
land; Mr. and Mrs. Butler, Melbourne; C.
H. Spooner, London; Leonard Parkinson,
New Zealand; William W. .Clark, Maine;
Mr. and Mrs.'C.'L. Parent, Mr. and Mrs.
C. H. Van Orden, Miss Viola Van Orden,
Miss Grace G. Davis, Arthur Holman, San
Francisco; Miss F. E. Branch, Professor
C. S. Nash, Oakland; Misses Caroline H.
and Jessie G. Branch and Miss Edna
Moses, San Francisco; WV A. Bissell, as
sistant general passenger agent Santa Fe
system, wife and son, Dr. G. P. Reynolds
and wife, Miss Grace . Reynolds,
E. L. and D. R. Binney of Ala
meda; W. J. Binney and Miss Binney
of Detroit. Mich.; Mr. and Mrs. Ed Hoff
mann, H. Hoffipann, Misses Eva T. Fay
ens, Jessie McD.' Jamieson and Esther M.
Grey Oakland; Dr. Charles. Van Norden
and Otto H. Van Norden, of Sacramento;
Mr. and Mrs. A. • E. Buckingham, J. G.
and Miss Maria T. Montealegre. San
Francisco; Miss G. O. Guy and George H.
Guy, Seattle; Dr. M. E. Van Meter, San
Francisco; Mrs. C. L. Kahn, 'Misses R.
L. and Bessie Kahn, Oakdale; Miss Solle
Kahn, San Francisco; Mrs. W. ¦ C. and
Miss Queenie Potts, Jamestown;- Misses
Fannie Madison and C. R. Wittenmeyer,
Mills College; J. M. Nye, A. E. J. Nye
and E. A. Bussac, San Francisco; Miss
Lillian G. Reeder, Chinese Camp; Mrs.
Bruce and Miss Preble, 'Oakland; Profes
sor Clapp, .Berkeley; F. M. and Miss J.
A. Morgan, San Francisco.
: Oil Monday evening a special ei.Jertaln
ment was provided at the camp, more
than 150 guests being in attendance. The
programme was quite elaborate, consist
ing of vocal and Instrumental music by
visiting professionals and amateurs, and
addresses and recitations by well known
society people. As a finale a very beauti
ful display of fireworks was arranged
from Glacier Peak. 3200 feet above the
camp site. There were, also explosions of
dynamite bombs against the side of the
cliff, which echc d and re-echoed through
the upper valle. . The valley Is now
thronged with sightseers and the condi
tion of the falls and streams is the best
It has been for a decade.
JOHANNESBURG— Among the late ar
rivals at Johannesburgiare: Mr. and Mrs.
David R. Sessions, Misa R. E. Sessions,
Mrs. Irving Moulton, Miss Hallie Moul
ton, San Francisco: J. H. Houston and
wife, St. Louis. Mo.; Mr. and Mrs. E. L.
Cochet, Oroville; Mr. and Mrs. Reid, New-'
ark; Mrs. Dixie Chord, W. J. Conroy, Miss
Glerisch, Masters Raymond, Wallace and
Herbert Behlow, Mr. and Mrs. Charles
Behlow.San Francisco; Mr. and Mrs. Wil
liam M. Fischer, Miss Florence Fischer,
Napa; Mr. and Mrs. Theodore Blancken
burg, Gustav Blanckenburg, Miss Hcrta
Blanckenburg, D/B. Woolf,- Misses Essie
and Carrie Levy. Miss Dollie Neill, Miss
F. McAdam, Misses Clara and Frankie
Schuert, W. C. Ames, San Francisco; Miss
Ida M. Cary, Miss Helen Cary, San Le
andro; Miss Kellie M. Sturtevant, Oak
land.
CAMP MEEKER— The following guests
registered at Camp Meeker last week:
From San Francisco— Mrs. J. F. Mclnnis,
Miss Marguerite Mclnnlsf* Arthur Heynl
man, Mrs. W. D. Wolpman, Miss Lena
Wolpman, Miss Minnie Oels, Miss Marlon
G. ..Thomson. Miss Grace F. Thomson,
Stanley A. Thomson, Ruth'L. Thomson,'
Mrs. M: A. Pomeroy, Mrs. A. A. Cham
berlin. Miss Hilda Chamberlin, Mrs. H.
Hansen and family,- Mrs. . Charles Ropp
and family, Mrs. E. C. Hare, Miss Eva
Society'S Summer Outing.
bin. Miss Nellie A. Glynn; John ¦ Byrne,
Mrs. L. Let-In. Sol Levin and wife, Mrs.
C.- XV. Reed and . niece, . Miss Emma F.
Morton, Mrs. M. Tobelman, George ¦ D.
Graham and: wife,. Webster Jones, Miss
ViolaTPhyllis- Kowalsky. Mrs.' '- E. H.
Kowalsky, Miss Alice Kowalsky, Harold
Kowalsky, Mrs.' M. Ikenbergr and
Mrs. D. E. Miles, Miss Ethel Miles, "Joe
Litchfleld. Theodore H. Michaels and wife,
Herbert Michaels, H. L. Lange, wife and
son, P. Stern. A. Levy, H. Eisner, Julius
Berck. Mrs. Mae Moeller and son, -Wil
liam Stratmeyer, Charles Levy and wife,
Mrs. H. Mayer and children, A. Levy,
Louis Metzger and valet, Walter G. Haxe,
Mrs. H. Cohn, Mervyn Cohn,\Miss Selma
Conn, William H. McLane. Villariml, St.
Helena — Mrs. E. M. Chabot ' and party.
Oakland— J. H.-Dickman Jr., Charles D.
Bates Jr., Miss Vera Medau, Miss A. 1*.
Muller, P. S. Jarvis Jr., Conrad Rued,
Walter... C. . Beattie, . wife and child.
Healdsburg — George C. Alexander and
wife, H. McDonnell and ¦wife. Ed Kbjr and
wife, Miss Eby,.S.' Horton, W. A. Camp
bell, John Sherrand, Miss Maude , Sher
rand. Miss Mabel Harris, Mrs. Sargent,
Miss Ethel Sargent, J: D. Smith, George
Blackburn and wife c Raymond Blackburn;
Miss Wilson. ' Santa Rosa— George W.
Callahan. William Hopper, John Walker,
W. W. Skaggs," Louis Frei. Alexander
Valley— Judge R. F. Bailey, Dr. A: Young.
Alamtda — Charles W. Macloon. Berkeley
—Mrs. E. Hougrhton, Clyde' E. Abbott.
Vallejo— E. J. O'Boyle. Arizona— C. E.
Atwood. Cloverdale— A. Bentley and wife,
Miss Jess Bentley, Mrs. J. A. Kleiser,
Kellorg— Mrs. Calvin H. ' Holmes, Miss
Anna Holmes.
CALIFORNIA HOT SPRINGS— The fol
lowing guests registered during the- past
week at the California Hot Springs: From
San Francisco— Mrs. , S. , W. Trusdell,
Mrs. L. A. Sorbier, Miss '"Marie Sorbier,
Mr. and Mrs. J. P. Smegal Kynnersley,
Miss M. A. Lissak, Miss Josephine Evans,
Mrs. V. Evans Smith. Mr. and Mrs. E.
J. Crane, G. H. L. Jackson, D. J. Bons
fleld. Mrs. A..E. Chapman, Rundle Chap
man, Mr. and Mrs. W. P. Martlnr S. L.
Braverman, Mrs. J. P. Herrne, Miss Lil
ian Herrne, Mr. and Mrs. S. A. Gunst and
family, N. E. Sanford, Dr. and Mrs. Er
neste Johansen. Mr. and Mrs. W. Rob
erts, Charles Hoey, Mr. and Mrs. T. C.
Kierulff, J. Swain, B. Wilkey, Charles
Wilke Jr., M. Spires, Mrs. Erskine, Mrs.
Lubeck, Robert Leandro (Olympic Club),
Sampel P. Kimber, C W. Parsons, Walter
J. Andrews, Mrs. Gardner E. Beach and
children, Mrs. W. J. Coey, Miss Mabel
Coey, Charles W. Coey, W. A. Coey, Mrs.
H. Hubbard, R. N. Hubbard. -William
Noble, Mrs. E. Noble, Miss N. Armstrong,
Dr. and Mrs. C. B. Root. From Oakland-
Mr, and Mrs. T. L. Barker. Mr. and Mrs.
M. J. Laymance, Mrs. Cunningham. From
Alameda— Mrs. J. W. CJine. From Berke
ley—Miss Celeste Granier. Miss Julie
Granier. From Honolulu— Dr. and Mrs.
F. Howard Humphries. From Guatemala
— Eric Macke. % From Petaluma — Colonel
D. B. Fairbanks. Mr. and Mrs. C. B.
Luff, Mrs. H. McWestOn, Miss Maud
Brainard, Robert Steitz.
MARK WEST SPRINGS— The follow
ing are spending the summer at Mark
West Springs: Dan O'Callaghan, J. D.
Phillips, J. M. Buckmiester, Mrs. J. A.
Crough, Miss Lillie Crough, Miss Lottie
Crough, A- Sylvester, Mrs. J. Dwyer,
Miss A. Dwyer. William Schmullan, J.
Schmulian, Mrs. Blumenthal, Charles
Zimmerman, Mrs. Muraski, C. R. Good
rich and wife. Master Amos Hlester,
Mrs. Sutenheim. Mr. Echuck and wife,
J. M: Wilhelm. J. -Will Abrams and wife,
Mrs.-M. Carpaneto, Mrs. "William Mead,
Jules P. Gless, Mrs. Silberger and child,
William Gerthof, Percy Brown of Ala
meda. S. Llchtensen and wife, Mrs. T.- S.
Stealey and children, Mrs. B. Woolfe..M.
Hermann. Mrs. M. Marks, Miss Julia
Marks, Miss A. Fauser, S. Brleger, wife
and child, Miss M. C. Dwyer, San Fran
cisco; J. F. C. Abel, wife and child of
Honolulu; Regina Biggy, Alex B. Wat
son, James H. Dunn of Cleveland, Ohio.
SUMMER HOME FARM.— Registered
at Summer Home Farm, Glenwood, are:
From San Francisco— A. I. Bloch, Sam
Reiss, J. del Valle, Mrs, J. del Valle, Miss
Evelyn del Valle, XV. J. Wilson. E. R. Gal
land. Mrs. E. R. Galland, Juanita Galland,
W. Scharb,. Mrs. G. Alexander, D. Alex
ander, Carl Hoffman, Myron Hoffman,
Samuel Hoffman. Florence Hoffman, O.
R. Alexander. Mrs. S. M. Cohn, M. I."
Cohn, Allen S. Cohn, Dagmar A. Cohn,
Harold- J. Cohn, Marie A. Cohn, Mrs. N.
Willard, Robert Willard, Mrs. H. . M.
Bloch, Fred Bloch. N. Cahn, Mrs. N.
Cahn, Mrs. M. NewfieM. Master L. New
field. Rudolph Mueller, J. J. Keefe. M. D.-;
Mrs. J. J. Keefe, Mrs. S. Bloch. Miss
Stella Bloch, Miss Bloch. Mr. and Mrs: C..
F. Weber, M. Newfleld, Herm Kliner,-
Mrs. H. Kliner, Miss E. J. Kliner, Jacob
S. Jonas, ¦ Mrs. Theodore Cohn, Claudia
Cohn. Hermlne Cohn. Mrs. L. Bloch, Miss
M. Bloch F. Bloch, Miss Ray Voorsanger,
Mrs. W. S. Schmidt, Miss Evelyn Levi-
Bon, Miss Nattie Levison, Ad Rosenthal.
Mrs. Ad Rosenthal. From Honolulu—Nor
man Brown. From Santa Cruz — Mrs. F.
A. Woolworth, Mrs. E. Ordway. Mrs. W.
B. Hughes. From Oakland— Mrs. C. F.
Weber, Miss K. Weber, C. F. Weber. J.
Walter Ward. Mrs. J. Walter Ward, Mar
tin Ward. From San Jose— R. W. Mar-.
tinoff.
SANTA CATALINA ISLAND— During
the past week . the following pleasure
seekers, from San Francisco registered at
the Hotel Metropole. Aralon, Santa Cata
lina Island— A. M. Shields and wife, Mrs.
C. F. Starke, Miss F. P. Morrison, J.
Horsburgh Jr.. H. C. Long, Mrs. M. E.
Eisener Miss Helen Elsener, C. F. Taylor,
L. J. Dean and wife, H.'.W. Newbauer, P.
J. Tormey, J. W. Phalen, wife and son,
John Landers. J. D. C. Ackerman, wife
and daughter (Oakland). Mrs.- W. J. Lan
ders, Miss Landers, Herbert Landers. M.
Landers, Miss E. Landers, Dr. A. L. Teb
bitts and wife. Martin Schultz, T. D. Con
nelly and wife.. .. .
BYRON SPRINGS— Among the recent
arrivals at Byron Springs are: From San
Francisco— Miss V. Block. Miss Bertha B.
Block. Mrs. E. S. Cose, Mrs. M. Hencken
and daughter, Otto Braunsdorf, Ed Wil
liams, Daniel Sullivan, wife and child; E.
O. Diming. M. Brilliant, Ell V. Games,
A J. Kosta. H. W. Reddington. Mrs. Red
dington. Mrs. Kimball, M. J. Tansey, V.
Dahl, IL.Knibbc, L. I. .Cowgler.and son.
Lieutenant H. F. Rethers. Ellas Styres,
H. Jacobson. Thomas Magner, R. S. Raw,
Dan P. Carter, Harrison E. Carter. Miss
M. II. Mattoon, Charles Brown, J. T. Wil
liams, Mr. and Mrs. J. B. Nelson, P. Con-
Ian, wife and" three children: William
Brown, W. E» Gwln, James O. Barrowa,
N. L. Edwards, John Lancaster, Mrs. H;
L. E. Meyer, Mies. Viola S. Meyer, Miss
Meyer, Mrs. A. Cohn, Mrs. Linderman,
M. Dlvenny, J. F. Logan, A. B. Donnelly,
P. Prunty, *F. W. KrenenbergY Captain J.
C. Beck; Gulseppa Traverso, B. M. Mi
checl, M. C. Morgensen, wife and child:
John M. Corcoran, Cornelius Donovan, J.
Bachman. Leon Lewis. Miss L. Weil, John
Cashin; froi«- Alameda, S: B. Beck; from
Oakland— G. B. Cox, Emile Franck, A.
Kei dall, N. S. Mellis; from San Rafael,
J. R. Male: from Jamestown, Mrs. Fitz
gerald; from Fresno— W. H. Farnet. Mrs.
L. Scholler, Louis Scholler; from Stock
ton—J. R. Crowell and wife, N. A. Heaut
.THE v SANV;|g^CISCplCALLv^ SUNDAY,': JUNE 23, 1901.
26
An Outing
On a New Plan.
"In All California
No Place Like This."
RUSSIAN RIVER REDWOODS.
NOW OPEN,
CAMPREVERIE,
IN THB
road. Stage from Ukiah. -
RODNEY McCORMICK, General Manager.
Call or address,
WITTER MEDICAL SPRINGS COMPANY.
Upper Lake P. O., Lake County. Cal.
Main Office & Water Depot. 916 Market, r. 64.
Certain cure for Stomach. Liver. Kidney,
Bladder. Skin and Blood Diseases.
Recommended by Leadtng Physicians. Thou T
sands Cured.
Tickets, California and Northwestern Rail-
LAKE COUNTT. CAL.
Delightful Surroundings and IVf TTpD
Excellent Accommodations at IT i 1 1CH
MEDICAL SPRINGS
THE MOST BEAUTIFUL OF , ALL
health resorts.
Rates $10 to $15 per week. Two trains daily,
foot of Market street. 7 a. m. and 4 p. m.
For further Information address
% • ¦ ' A. DOLLMANN. Proprietor.
...NAPA...
SODA SPRINGS
Napa County,
Cal.
3V4 Hours' Ride From Los Angeles, Cal.
GREATEST ATTRACTIONS IN THE WEST.
Third Annual Rod and Reel Fishing Tour-
nament, auspices the "Tuna Club."
Eighth Season of our Famous Marine Band.
The Society Resort.
The Pportsman's Paradise.
HOTEL, METROPOLE and COUNTRY CLUB
always open. ' Golf and Tennis Tournaments.
IDEAL CAMP LIFE. •
For full Information, hotel rates, unique ar-
rangements for camping and Illustrated pam-
phlets. apply to E pECIC AK<mt:
10 Montgomery et_ San Francisco. *.
Or BANNING CO.,
- 222 .South Spring St., Los Angeles, Cal.
SANTA CATALINA ISLAND.
CAPITOLA
YHE SEASIDE RESORT OF CENTRAL
* California, on. Monterey Bay. Now open.
Free booklet. R. M. BRIARE. manager hotel;
FRANK REANIER. supt. camp, Capitola. Cal.
staging; waters noted for
medicinal virtues; best natural bath in State;
good trout streams; telephone, telegraph, dally
mail and express; first-class hotel and stage
service: morning and afternoon stages; round
trip from S. F. only $5 50. Take Tlburon ferry
at 7:30 a. m. or 3:30 p. m. . Terms. $2 a day or
$12 a week. References— Any guest of the past
six years. Further Information at Traveler of-
fice. 20 Montgomery St.. or of J. F. MUL-
GRETW, Skaggs. Cal.
r\ i* n r\r\c\ hot springs, soxoma
VAT MM i-wi-wS TCo-: on 'y ?% hours from
UA/l(/(/U San Francisco: but 9 miles
BIG OAK FLAT AND TOSEMITE STAGE
CO.— Running directly through the Tuolumne
Big Tree Grove. Round trip from San Fran-
cisco $32.' Round trip from Stockton $27.
Staging 2tt hours first afternoon and 9 hours
next day, arriving at Tosemite Valley 5 p. m.
Send for Illustrated folder. WM. J. WHITE.
Gen'l Agent. 630 Market st.. opposite Palace
Hotel S. F.: tel. Black 5571.
YOSEMITE VALLEY,
GILROV
Trains leave Third and Townsend streets at
8 a. m. and 2:45 p. m. dally. For rates and
illustrated pamphlets address P. ROBERT-
SON, Prop.
HOT SPRINGS.
MOST ATTRACTIVE PLACE IN LAKE
County to spend a vacation. Boating,
bathing, bowling, tennis, livery, new walks
and boats.. Write for circular. EDGAR DUR-
NAN, Laurel Dell, Lake Co.. Cal.
LAUREL DELL LAKE
DR. G. C O'DONNELL'9
MINERAL SPRINGS AT GLEN ELLEN,
the best camping, picnlo and pleasure re-
sort on the Coast. The greatest remedy for
lung disease, liver and stomach complaints,
rheumatism and catarrh In the world; 4«
miles from S. F. The S. P. R. R. and S. F.
& N. P. R. R. give special rates to campers;
30 cottages and tents furnished; rent cheap:
no fogs nor poison oak at the park; mineral
water, boats and bathing free. Inquire of DR.
C ¦ C O'DONNELL, office 1021H Market, bet.
6th and 7th. S. F. If you want your health,
pleasure and longevity this is the place to go.
OWN l A HOME in ti b f f u a l u - CAMP MEEKER
Buy lots $10 up; cottages butlt by Meeker, $30
up: boating, bathing, tenting ground free; saw-
mill, depot, store, postofflce at camp; board
and lodging $C; take Sausalito ferry. $3 round
trip. Address M. C. MEEKER., or H. M.
GREasON, Camp Meeker, Sonoma County.
If you wanl to ¦
know where td
go this Summer
Call or -writ* for <-U
"VACATION 1901"
This Is a little book jpst Issued by tit* Cali-
fornia Northwestern Railway Company, aad la
profusely illustrated. It *lve» eampins loca-
tions, hotels and mineral sprint retorts la
Marin. Sonoma. Mendociao and L&Jca counties.
Besides. It contains a Ust of about ZOO farm*
and homes where board duxta* the rammer
months can be procured at from IS to $10 per
whIc. Ticket offices. «S0 Market street (Chron-
icle building) and Tlburon Ferry. General of-
fice, Mutual Ufe building. Sansome and Cali-
fornia streets, Saa Francisco. B. X, .RYAN.
General Passenger Agent. H. C. WHTTINO.
General Manager. " .
HIGHLAND
SPRINGS.
Only Three Hours* staging
To the prettiest, healthiest, most restful plaes
In all California. Resident physician. Every
comfort and amusement. Rates— $10, $12, $14,
$15 and $16 per week. Call on LEE D. CRAIG.
316 Montgomery st.. and see photographs ot
hotel and surroundings. W« take pleasure in
WTltinir full particulars. Address CRAIG A
WARNER.
CAMELLINE
For the complexion. Indispensable for the
Mountains and Sea Shore. PreTents and re-
moves tan, sunburn and infection from Poison
Oak. Indorsed by tbe medical profession. At
all druggists.
CALIFORNIA HOT SPRINGS
Hot Springs, but not a sanitarium.
Formerly Agua Caliente Springs. Sonoma
Valley. No stag-Ing: 46 miles via. C. N. Ry. or
S P R- R. Immense swlxnmlas tank. Splen-
did table. Come Sundays, try It. Round trtp.
$110 Telephone: expensive Improvements; $13
and $14. COOPER 4.6HEDDEN, Agua Ca-
liente. Cal. .
WILBUR HOT SULPHUR SPRINGS.
Sulphur Creek. Coftisa Co.. Cal.. J6 miles by
stage west of Williams; fare $2. Hottest and
strongest water on the Coast: temperature MS
deg. Cures rheumatism, dropsy, salt rheum.
skin diseases, neuralgia, liver and kidney com-
plaints, paralysis, mercury in system, dyspep-
sia, catarrh. Natural mud baths. New J-story
hotel: fine new bathhouse. Board and lodging,
including baths. $10 a week. WM. OELGEART.
Proprietor.
VACATION DAYS.
Outing Suits in Homespun or Golflngs: Jack-
ets silk lined, made to order only. Special for'
the next 80 days f34.5O
LESTER, Ladles' Tailor. 8 and 10 Kearny st.
First-class family resort In the Napa red-
woods. Exhilarating . air, hunting, fishing,
swimming and boating. Terms reasonable. In-
quire THEO. BLANCKENBTJRO JR.. Prop..
Oakvllle. Napa Co.. or The Traveler's Bureau.
to Montgomery st. ¦
* EL MONTE HOTEL.
First-class family resort: , climate unsur-
passed: great relief for people with asthma; 83
miles from S. F.; fare $1 65: free 'bust Particu-
lars at Traveler Office. 20 Montgomery St.. or
of JOHN NEVILL. Proprietor. Los Gatos.
SOLID COMFORT HOME "gSSST^o. TtT
altitude. No fog; climate delightful. Larg»
orchard, vegetable garden. Hot, oold bathx.
Spring water. Rates, $7 we*k tin. Stage meeta
train. SCHTJLCR A SCHEBEN. Napa. Cal.
CAM1» CURRY
Makes it possible for you to soend a week or a
month in Yosemite without exhausting all your
resources. Rates. $12 per week; $45 per month.
Office. <30 Market street.
YOSCMITK t I
WIT I AW DiVrH Former proprietor VT.
lTlL-UUlT B AH V U crandell— A summer homo
In the redwoods. 5 miles from Santa Cruz:
running water, swimming, croquet, abundance
of fruit, home cooklnr: table sneaks for Itself.
For particulars. TULEY A IUFF. Santa Cruz.
WHITE SULPHUR SPRINGS.
IH hours' ride from R. F. : 8 miles from Tat-
lejo. Sulphur baths; cure rheumatism, neural-
gia, eczema, kidney, liver, stomach disease*.
Hotel and Cottages renovated. like for boating
and bathing. Dancing Pavilion. M to $10 a week.
Special rates families. M. MADRID. Vallejo. Cal.J
BOULDER CREEK HOTEL.
Under new management. Entirely renovated.
Flrst-clasti family rtsort. Fine hunting and
fishing. Sulphur sprirga. For terms and par-
ticulars address P. J. WELCH. Prop., Boulder
Creek. Cal.
$50.00
Or less will cover all expenses of a 10 days'
trip to Tosemite. Curry's Office, 630 Market
street. S. F.
YOSEMITE!!
WHITE SULPHUR SPRINGS.
Two miles from St. Helena. Board and room.
$7 a week: camping privileges, n 80 per week.
Address W. W. McCORMICK. St. Helena.
TAMP T ATI ftD Cottages, camping, fishing:
WAitir 1AILUK {a miles from S. F.: in tha
redwoods. Call Traveler office. 20 Montgomery
street, or address H. O. MARTIN. Proprietor.
HOTEL BENVENUE.
On the shore of Clear Lake: home cooking:
$7 per week % and upward. F. and A. M.
SCALES. Lakeport. La*e County. Cal.
LAKEPORT AND BARTLJETT SPRINGS
BTAQB LIXK-— Hopland to Baxlett Springs.
Via Lakeport. carrying passengers for Lake-
port and Bartlett Springs. Stages connect
with trains af Hopland. Leave Hopland at
¦ 12:30; arrive at Lakeport at 3:30; arrive at
Bartlett Springs at 7:30. New 6-horae H-pas-
senger tourist wagons, made to order for this
§ stage line, with all the most modern improve-
ments. Passengers for Lateport or Bartlett
Springs call for tickets by Bartlett Springs
I Stage Line.
MILLER A HOWARD. Proprietors.
LAKE COUNTY.— New 19-passenser Tosemlte
Stage, all outside seats. Leaves Calistoga
dally (Sundays excepted) at 11 :» a. ra.. direct
to Harbin. Setgler, Adams Howard. Ander-
son, Astorgs and Glenbrook: buy round-trtp
tickets: half an hour for lunch at Calistoga:
also to Mlddletown. Lower Lake. Kelseyvlll*
and Lakeport. WM. SPIERS. Proprietor.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent . to any address In tha
united States or Canada one year for U.
postage paid. ¦ •
Healthiest and best climate, prettiest place
In all California: lots amusements; fine walks;
all mineral waters. Rates. $10 and $13 per
week. Open May 15. Circulars at city office,
918 Larkln St., S. F.- DRURY & KROEGER.
4Jp)r Thre* trnlnn dally; 2\i hours" ride. A
Bettens. Mgr.. Byron Hot Spgs., Cal.
. , Lombard & Co., 36 Geary street. City.
A delightful' summer resort on the shore of
Lake Tahoe. Everything new. Best beach for
bathing on the lake. Fishing and hunting:
Boats, fishing tackle. and saddle horses at mod.
crate hirer $2 per day. or $10, $13 and $14 per
week. Postofflce, telephone. A. L. FROST,
Rubicon Park, Lake Tahoe, Cal.
RUBICON PARK,
Situated on Tomales Bay; good accommoda-
tions for camping, hunting, fishing and boat-
Ing; cnttagnc and tents at reasonable prices;
accommodations for' horses. WM, ARCHER,
Proprietor. P. O., Tomales.
CAMP OCEAN ROAR,
Greatly Improved. . New cottages. large hall,
pianos, billiard, pool and other games; every-
thing new; $7 per week. Round trip by atmr.
Point Arena, 17. Inquire at Beadle Bros.*, 34
Mission, and N. P. R. R. Co.. 14 San.-om«
St.. or of DR. W. A. McCORNACK, Point
Arena. Cal. fflMBKOKi'M&safiSsa
POINT ARENA' HOT SPRINGS.
IT IS NEVER TOO LATE TO ENJOY OOOD
HEALTH AND PLEASURE AT THE COZY
SARATOGA SPRINGS.
6. MARTENS. Prop., Bachelor P. O., Lake Co.
THE GEYSERS, ?%%?.
ONE OF NATURE'S WONDERS. NATU-
ral steam baths; swimming, fishing, hunt-
ing •¦ and . livery. Write for pamphlet. I.
WERTHEIMER. manager.
Beautiful mansion house .and majcnifleent
grounds, situated In foothills, one and a half
miles from St. Helena. Table unsurpassed.
Terms reasonable. Address P. O. box 55 St.
Helena. Cal.
"PINE KNOLL."
"THE C.DdW" -LnkR Tahoe. Cal., H mile
lliC UKUYC cast of Tallac. Board and
lodging per week, $9. By the day, *2. Meals,
BOc. Good saddle horses and the best of livery.
Boats free to all guests. PARMETER &
COPLAND. Proprietors. . ' .
Finest fishing, hunting and health resort on
th« coast. Climate perfect. On Klamath River
Kates, $2 and »4 50 per day; $10 to JU per week'
Call Traveler Office. 20 Montgomery at. or
address EHSON BROS.. Beswlck. Slsklrou
County. Cal. . ¦•.
KLAMATH HOT SPRINGS.
' Various amusements. Large and small game.
Table and beds unsurpassed. Rates only 18 an<1
$10. Apply 20 Montgomery st. or address O. W.
R. TREDWAY, Prop., Qlenbrook, Lak« Co., Cal.
GLENBROOK.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ForrestandhcaltitlM THE SIERRAS
near Colfax on O. P. R. B. Elevation lust rUht ~
2400 ft.— 136 miles from San Fr. No staging;
table; nnest «cenery, water, air, fruit and climate.
Ideal forests and grounds. $8.00aweek. Send for
booklet. Orchard Springs, Colfax, CaL
The only place In the United States - where
Vichy Water Is abundant. The only natural
Electric Waters: Champagne Baths; Springs
Numerous; Baths Unequaled.* Three miles from
Ukiah. J. A. REDEMEYER & CO..
¦ ' ... ".--¦. Proprietors.
VICHY SPHINCS,
P. O. Eli VERANO. Cal.. Verano Station
(King's Crossing), on California Northwestern
Railway. Hot mineral baths near by. Terms
$1 per day and upward. PETER GOCILHAR-
DOU. lessee. '.
BELLBVUE HOTEL 1 .
In Santa Cruz Mountains. Health, pleasure.
fishing-, hunting and Bwlmmlnj; " rood . table;
guests at home; 'never fall 'to return; send for
souvenir. VIC PONCELET, Llagas. ..
MOUNTAIN HOME.
GOOD FELLOWS 1 HOME.
AMID THE MOUNTAINS ' OV MENDO-
cino. Visit this quiet little resort for
solid comfort. For particulars apply to S.
STRATTON, S Elfhth street; City.. - 4
>; TOLL HOUSE;
PLEASANT ACCOMMODATIONS FOB A
few guests; mountain scenery; pure air. JS
per week. . H. B. LAWLEY. Calistoga, Cal.
« 1 / l(Lt / Sweaters, Jerseys,
k\ kl Tl <£? J ATf% A I Gymnasium Suite, Silk,-
l) «3 II /l/JkiS/t 1 Lisle Thread, Linen
f^W^^f%/ and Wool Underwear,
i/MIT nkin nn - Riding, Outing and
A IM I TuTINB CO. Camping Leggins.
60 GEARY* STREET,;- Bet. Kearn7,St. arid Grant Ava.
If you can't come write for Catalogue. ' - -','.. "'' '.'./.
Boys' Fancy Swimming Suits—
Neat, strong and first • quality,
$1.50. . \ -c .;•-.;; ¦ ' ¦
Boys'* Extra Strong. Bathing
Suits— Can't be worn out in one
season. 50c and 75c. ,
;d MISSES* SUITS to j?o ' at the
to $12.00. V
Men's Fancy Combination
Suits — New styles strong and du-
rable, to go at $3.5(K
We still have a few I*ADIES' a
pricess announced last week, $1.7*
Made to order if you so desire.
Hen's Fancy Swimming Suits
— Good fitters and extra quality, a
lot on hand that will be sold for
I THERE IS SATISFACTION...
• in knowing that you have the best. It is also good to feel that the
price you paid was fair and consistent with the goods you received.
«> We have a host of customers satisfied on these two points. We have a
| SPECIAL OFFERING. igf-
J^ to the Men and Boys of San Francisco, with a view to adding them
4> to our "Satisfied List." Here it is: - ....
Via C. C. Fobs' Stage Line from Calistoga.
The scenlo route. : Livery in connection. C C.
FOS8. Proprietor, Calistoga, Cal. •
HO ! FOR THE GEYSERS.
Moet &
Cbandon
The' largest 1 and oldest Champagne
House in the world. -
White Seal(Grande Cuvee") of ex-
ceptional bouquet and dryness. — Court
Journal: . •
WILLIAITWOUT ft GO.,.P»eifla Cont Agents,
, 329 Ktrket St , San rranriMO.
San Jose is the central city of California, and
Hotel Vendome Is its most attractive feature.
Adjacent to Lick Observatory, New Almaden
Quicksilver Mine, Alum Rock Park and count-
less other attractions, reached over perfect
roads. Hotel thoroughly modern and first class
in every respect, with service unsurpassed.
Rates reasonable. For further information call
at "Traveler" office. 20 Montgomery street.
San Francisco, or address
GEO. P. SNELL. Mgr.. San Jose, Cal.
Central California
Vendome
A grotto. 1400 feet up in the coast range, over-
looking the broad Salinas Valley; free from for
and winds; pure, dry, balmy arr: equable tem-
perature: seven miles stage from Soledad; hot
and cold soda and sulphur baths; tub and
plunge; special bathhouses for ladies; massag*
treatment; cement swimming tank, 30x60; hunt-
ing and fishing; all popular games: hotel, sot-
tages and grounds Illuminated by gas: telephone
and P. O.: round-trip ticket J8. C. T. ROMIE.
prop. ; T. W. SHRODER, manager.
HOT SPRINGS.
PARAISO
Round trip from San Francisco only $2.M.
Take boat at Tlburon Ferry. Call on or address
Camp Reverie Association, Room 81. Flood
IBldg., San Francisco, for particulars and book-
lets; or write Camp Reverie Association; P. O.
Forestville, Sonoma County. Cal. Booklets may
also be had at the ticket offices of the Califor-
nia Northwestern Railway. • -¦
Run Up Saturday and Return Sunday or
Monday,
j Ran Up and Back on Sunday,
and see for 'yourself— "In All California No
Place Like This." f.
RUN UP FOR A DAY.
Camp Reverie, on the Guernevllle Branch of
the California Northwestern Railway, is prac-
tically a. hotel under canvas. Accommodations
—tent . and board— by the day or by the week.
There will be addresses by distinguished people
In the mornings, and specially arranged enter-
tainments— musical, literary, etc.— for the even-
ings.
ADVE&TISELIENTS.
Dr. & Mrs. TRAVERSE,
DERMATOLOGISTS,
Permanertly remove superfluous hair and other
¦ facial blemishes with the electric needle with-
out pain cr scar. "Wrinkles removed with the
electric roller. Skin diseases cured. Free de-
monstration of ability to make hair grow en
b&ll heads Hours 1 to 4 p. m. Evenings by
appointment. Donohoe bids.. 1170 Market st.
cor. Taylor, rooms 28-3. & F. Brahman Toilet
Cream. EOc; Brahman Tooth Powder. 25c. All
drugplsts. Large stock always at J. S. Potts
Drug Co. • ••.'.¦
. >^ Perfect
\-/ Complexion
Possible, and such things as tan,
sunburn, sallowness, oily or muddy
skin, pimples and blackheads arc out
of the question if you use
CREME DELIS.
Sold by druggists and general
dealers, or sent prepaid on receipt of
price— 5oc. Sample bottle ioc.
E. B. HARRINGTON & GO., Mfrs
•;-. Los Angeles, Cal.
Mrs, Nettle Harrison's Latest
Portrait. .
Hair Beauty
is treasured as a, sift of ¦
Nature — but, Nature failinsr.
it is ho less valued as a ¦' -
HairScience
GRAY HAIR, welcome as the nat-
ural' crown of ripe old age, but de-
spised on younger heads as an annoy-
ing telltale of defective nutrition of
the scalp— of sickness, trouble or reck-
less habits—yields promptly and per-
manently to the power of science as
embodied in my
4-Day Hair Restorer.
It Is a triumph of chemical science—
a clean, clear liquid, that does not
merely dye and cover the surface^ but
Incorporates with the substance of the
hair and the roots and RESTORES the
lustrous, transparent '; coloring of Na-
ture.
Easily v applied with a fine comb.
Does, not soil hands, or- scalp. The
most SIMPLE in application— the most
perfect in results.
, At druggists, $1. One free application
at my parlors. . • '
LOLA'M"ONTEZ CBETOE-A scien-
tific food for the skin tissues, filling
out the cells, effacing wrinkles and re-
storing a downy skin and healthy com-
plexion. TRIAIi POT FREE- Send
10c for. postage and packing.
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR-that ab-
normal unwomanly blemish — perma-
nently removed without pain by the
Electric Needle.
MRS. NETTIE HARRISON,
DERMATOLOGIST,
78-80 Geary St., San Francisco.
I !,*s, Medicated ¦ rejiJ
|£V Complexion yvft
Wp^ Powder " fffl
|T\ produces that wonderful del- t/ I
IV— Icacj and loftneii like ths ITUU I
I IT <kln •' * a ln<»nt. it la a JO 1
illlli . *kln food that remote! all 1 wl I
UrA'* ..blemlthei. protecti and pre- |M.i I
¦BBl senrei tha iklaj contain* -flRMl
¦hW no poUonoua or Injurious BBK91
HP» substances whaterer so HH9^
¦" ' fg m common to cheap lmlta- PmU' >a
I tlonit : • ¦'¦'- '" 8aB P le ***"• ¦' JTga.
1 J^*"**^! J. A. Potion! Co. f jfa
I -^jfrT.- \f- I^>oU or New York^^V ~ • «Hare^ Frank W. Garrison, Miss Elizabeth
Vail, Mr. and Mrs. C. G. Minifie, Miss
Irene Hoge, Miss Threasa O'Donnell, Mrs.
William Baillie, Miss Emma BailHe, Miss
Bernice T. Scoville, Mrs. J, H. Corah,
Mrs. J. L. A. Patterson and family, Mrs.
John C. Irving: and family, Miss Maud
Graham, Joseph H. Gray, Roy McLellan,
F. P. Landon, James F. : Swift, Mrs.
James Swift, Irving Swift, Mr. and Mrs.
W. O. Marion, Inez Marlon, Mrs. F. M.
Stevens, Mrs. Joseph Parker and
family, Miss Leila Kenney, Miss
Elenor T. Reed, Miss Olga • Fors
ter, Miss Dora Menke, Frank. E. Smith,
Etta S. Coste, Theresa S. Coste, Miss
Miriam Coney, Miss Milicent Flynn, Miss
Gertie Coney, Mrs. Coney, Zackary
Coney, Mrs. Jessie E. Marks, Mrs. Har
riet Marks, Beatrice Marks, Martin C.
Marks, Mrs. C. Rudee and family, Eva
Morris, Annie Mclnerny, Bessie Mayers,
Miss Kitty Mayers, Dr. D. M. Coney and
wife, Elkan Coney, Mrs. C. H. Hewitt,
Edith Hewitt, Mr. and Mrs. Charles
Hewitt. Charles W. Hewitt, Mrs. J. c.
Mason, Evelyn J. Myrtle Simpson.
Dessie J. Simpson, Mrs. H. H. Burns,
Jean Burns, Harold Jenson, Miss Llllle
Sulsburg, Mr. and Mrs. George C.-Dar
ling, Harry W. Darling, Mrs. H. Krum,
Arthur W. Hextrum, Mrs. M. E. Baxter,
Florence ' Worden, F. W. Ireland, Mrs.
William Chalmers, --Miss E. ,H. Chal
mers, -Franklin Leavy, Mr. and Mrs.
George Johnson and family. Mrs.
Rowena G. Cox, ' Miss May . Rowena
Cox, Mrs. H. Williamson, Miss
M. Williamson, Miss I. Williamson,
Beverley Hathaway, Edward Martin, Mrs.
M. M. Bucknum. Mrs. Charles Moss and
family; from Vallejo, Mra.-R. B. Cleghorn,
Miss Hazel L. Davis; -from Hollister. W.
A. Mills; from Sacramento, General M. J.
Wright, Mrs. M. J. Wright; from" Santa
Rosa, Fred Sheldon, R. H. , Surryhne,
Maud L. Newell, Gale Strout, Fanny
Doty; from Oakland, Miss Frances ' J.
Champion, , William Nelle and family.
Miss Ethel Burr, L. B. Gilpin. Mary H.
Kenney, M. D., Miss Josephine Lemon,
Miss Mary Langden, Harry Marks,
George Adams Jr., Mrs. H. Marks and
family, '• Mr. and Mrs. • M. E. Long . and
family, Mrs. E. F. Merchant,- Miss Inez
Merchant, Miss Levina Merchant, - Mr.
and Mrs! C. Dr Parish, Miss Marie Parish
Arthur McCord. Miss Bessife McCord, Miss
Bertha Hall, Mrs. S. W. Hall.' R. J. Orzco:
Philip Landon. ¦ ' \ - . ¦
EL. MONTE HOTEL—Late arrivals at
the El Monte Hotel Include: Mrs. S. Da
vis, H. H. Lee, Dr. G. E.Sussdorff L. I.
Green and family T. R. Flood,,J.~Kit
terman apd wife, C. R. Butler, G. Brooks
and wife, G. W. Wallace, R. D. Rock
wortz, A. B. Dollam • and wife, . Mrs. ' W.
Mahood and child, Bert Jeffreys,' Mrs. J.
J. Hayes, H. J. Fox, A. E. Grojjan, Sam
Davis, A. J. Morgan and wife, Mrs. Mary
Morgan, Mrs. H. P. Miller and son,* Mi s.
H. E. Cookson and son, J. -S. Harvllle
W. J. ': Freeman, Mrs. J. A. Johnson , and
children, San Francisco: E* : M. ¦ Johnston
and wife, Santa Cruz: D.> Walker, Boston -
H. J.' Graham, A. Smith and wife/ 1 R
PtAs, -; M. -,. E. ; Daily, - San Jose; - C. B.
Greaves, Boston;- W.^McCarty and wife,
Alameda ; ' H. Spinning, VWilbur, Wash. -. ¦;
THE FRATERNITIES
elected and two petitions were presented.
In the absence of the matron the asso
ciate matron, Mrs. Linea L. Baehr, filled
the station in an able manner. After the
business there was a programme of en
tertainment that Included piano and violin
selections by Mrs. Kahn and Miss. Caro;
recitation, Miss ;Kahn; vocal selections.
Miss Charlotte Morris, with violin obli
gato by Miss Caro; fancy dance and sontc,
little Florence. Graner; recitation. Miss
Ivy Perkins: shadow- pictures and the
drama of "The Rural Lovers" by mem
bers of the chapter. As the next'meet
ing will fall on the eve of the Fourth. of
July the next initiation will not take place
until the* 17th of July, on which occasion
an elaborate banquet will follow the cere
mony.
i-.:.';,'^ • National Union. -
Last, week Golden Gate Council Initiated
two strangers.
Oakland Council has secured new quar
ters in the Foresters' Hall, corner of Clay
and Thirteenth streets.
The entertainment and ¦ dance - given
last week in - Odd Fellows* Hall
was another great success scored for the
National Union Social and Literary Club.
There were about -fifteen hundred persons
present, who enjoyed the very entertain
ing programme that was presented. • A
dance followed under the direction of the
following committees: J. E. Field, chair
man of the evening; reception— H. G.
Maas. H. D. Corbett, J. W. Cuthbert, H.
A. Graves, W. A. Brace, Ed C. Rust and
W. R. Davis; H. \V. Mast, floor manager,
assisted by C. E. Torres A. A. Banz,
Joseph J. Liberman, J. L. Morris," T. J.
Rumpf and Al Blass. >:•£;•£ ' v
Golden Gate Council at its meeting on
the 13th inst. had read to it a letter from
Secretary Meyers of the senate, return
ing his thanks for the reception given him
on his recent visit to this city and congrat
ulating the National Union upon the prog
ress it is making in this State. The com
mittee on dedication of the new hall in
thc'Pioneer bullding.Jnto which the coun
cil will move next month, reported that
there would be an open meeting, to which
Indies will be invited, that a programme
of entertainment had been arranged and
that it will be most Interesting.
At the session* of the State Assembly
lust Tuesday Davis Louderback was
chosen chairman and W. A. S. Nicholson
secretary. The election resulted In the
choice of J. W. Cufhbert of El Dorado
Council as representing California In- the
next meeting of the Senate at Saratoga
in July. The vote stood 16 to 9. W. ArS.»
Nlchdlson, Dr. A. H. Millberry, F. H.
Hastings, A. J. Valleuu and H. L. Put
nam were elected the executive commit
tee. Mr. Cuthbert, .the -new senator, has
been a very active member of the order,
is a logical and polished speaker and has
all the qualifications for making a first
class senator.
Independent Foresters.
At the meeting of Count Yerba Buena
last week E. Petrosa, the treasurer,
who has been too sick for some time to
attend to the duties of his office, tendered
his resignation, which was accepted. Past
Chief Ranger Louis Metter was appointed
to fill the vacancy. ,
The meeting cf Court Diana on 4he 6th
Inst. was well attended, and those pres
ent witnessed work in the initiatory de
gree. The work, was* done in a manner
that Impressed all with the ability of the
officers to do the same in a most" cred
itable manner. For many months hardly
a meeting has passed in this court with
out an initiation or the presentation of
applications. This is proof that Diana is
wide awake. J. B. Knudson, G. Nail and
L. L. Archibald were elected delegates to
the Grand Court, that is to meet in Chico
next October. The court has a committee
out to arrange for the celebration- of the
institution of the court next August. The
energy and enthusiasm of the officers and
members of this court is shown in the
fact that it was instituted with nineteen
members and now there are more than a
hundred names on the roll.
.
' " . Ancient Order of Workmen.
Hopland Lodge of the town of that
name and the court of Ancient Foresters
in that place have joined forces and will
hold a grand barbecue on the Fourth of
July. There will be addresses and ora
tions.. ¦ / _ .¦'.:.- ;..--¦ -- ¦
¦ Prosperity Lodge has . decided to move
Into new quarters In Pioneer Hall. On'
the 9th of July there will be the installa
tion of the officers, 'to be followed by a
house warming. This will be for members
of the order only.
On the 13th Inst., the one hundred and
twentyrfourth anniversary of the adoption
of the American flag. Burns Lodge gave
a patriotic entertainment. Frank Stohr
gave a very interesting account of the
origin of the flag, and told of
the first flag ; of American mate
rial, made in one of Ben Butler's mills
and presented - to Congress, also of the
first silk flag made of American silk, that
was woven in this city by Joseph Neu
mann from silk o£ California silk worms.
C. W. Edwards told of the love of the
flag during the Spanish-American war and
of devotion to It, the district deputy read
"Drake's Address to the American Flag"
and told how our national emblem came
to be called "Old Glory," and Gus Pihl
mann sang the "Red, "White and Blue"
and the "Star Spangled Banner," all join
ing in the chorus. - ¦ — -¦
The visit of the extension committee to
Franklin Lodge on the 14th Inst. was one
of the most pleasant -gatherings that has
been held in that lodge for many months.
Besides these visitors therevwas a large
delegation from Yerba Buena^Lodge, and
in addition to the sound advice that was
given by Special Deputy Malloy, Brother
York and a number of the committee
there was a good programme of music
and songs. . . • .-;.•,-;¦
Excelsior Lodge .will have Initiatory
work in its hall on next "Wednesday, on
which occasion the screen work will be
introduced. . '
The officers of Sts. Johns Lodge will be
Installed in public on the 11th of July In
Pioneer Hall, af ten which there will be
an entertainment and dancing. Each in
vitation Issued will admit a gentleman and
two ladies.-.^,-
Special Deputy Walter Malloy paid a
visit last week to ¦ the lodges in Tracy.
Martinez, and Concord, and found each
deeply interested in the work of the order,
the members, promising to go and work
as soon as the harvest Is over. Last Fri
day he .visited Walnut . Creek, last night
he was at Sulsun, next Tuesday , he will
be in Benicla, on "Wednesday he will be
with . the lodge in Solano and Thursday
with the one In Pleasanton. It Is reported
that the prospects for a good active cam
paign during the current year are very
flattering. - ¦¦¦¦.¦:
The extension committee during the cur
rent month has visited . seven of the local
lodges and has Inspired the -membership
to renewed v activity 'by encouraging
words. During July no dates will be aet
by the committee, but all who -can will
attend installations, public or private, an-1
will talk extension under good of the or
... Daughters of Liberty. "."¦•'
¦ . On~»the 7th inst. many members of Cali
fornia "and Martha Washington councils
of\ttie Daughters of Liberty of this city
went to Oakland and assisted in the in
stitution ' of America Council No. 6. '- Mrs.
Alice Hamilton was chosen councilor; and
as she Is said to be a very brilliant wom
an It Is expected that she, with her well
chosen corps of officers, will soon build
up an attractive council.
The officers of California Council will
be elected on the 26th insU The good of
the order committee announces an outing
at Piedmont on the 30th inst, leaving by
the 10 o'clock beat. .•
Martha Washington Council will give a
Japanese v social next Wednesday in its
Native Daughters. ¦
; The first. anniversary ball given by La
Vespera Parlor of the Native Daughters
of the Golden West was one of the most
successful and brilliant functions. ever
given in South San Francisco Opera
house. The hall was beautifully decor
ated with blue and gold' and golden stars.
The sitting, reception and banquet rooms
were marvels of artistic decoration. The
grand march was led by Celestlrie Nonne
mann.- Mabel Lasteln and Paul Legnllet
and Byron Knlerr, little tots - prettily
dressed in white, and at the proper time
these formed on the sides of the marching
column, the little girls distributing pop
ples and the boys programmes. The suc
cess of the affair was due to the efforts
of-th« following:.. named committees: . Ar
rangements— Mrs. F. W. Griffiths (chair
man), Mrs. M. Larios. Mrs. L.* Biggs, Mrs.
M. Knlerr, Mrs. M. T. Desrosler, Mm.M.
O'Connor, . Miss M. Light. Miss A. Las
teln, Miss A. McDonough, Mrs. N. . R.
Bocge, Mrs. M. A. McCormick, Mies G.
Schilling, Miss A. Anderson, Miss M. Mc-
Donough, Miss S. Swenson; floor man
ager, Miss -A. Lastein; assistant floor
mnnnger. • Miss M. Light; reception com
mittee—Miss -M. L. «Gllllgan. Miss . L.
Barer. Mrs. M\ Matthes. Miss B. E. Wls
sel, Miss A. Anderson. Miss A. Ervtn, Miss
L. Milly; floor committee— Miss' J. Balz,
Mrs. S. Riordan, Miss E. Lasteln, Mrs. C.
McCarthy, Miss C. - McTlernan, Mrs. L.
Roche. Mrs. L. Romer. ;
Golden State Parlor at Its last heM
meeting elected Miss Gussie Schade a
trustee for the tfisulng term. The "at
home" given by this parlor last. Wednes
day night was a delightful affair that was
greatly enjoyed by the members and their
invited friends. There were songs and
musical numbers by Paul Buhr, Annie
Sturken and Richard- Van Staden and
then a farce by Mrs. " Warsdale, - Mamie
Sir.lth. Louise Wedel arid Pauline Buhr,
which was well rendered and was admir
able for the naturalness of the charac
ters assumed by the ladles. This was fol
lowed by dancing, prior to which, how
ever. R. Van Staden entertained with the
"great rope act." Mrs. Denahey was th*
l'oor manager and all the members of the
parlor served on the reception committee.
/_ ~?HE president of the California
m ~\ Assembly has announced the
n \. following visitations for July:
IV 1 v To Beulah Lodge at Chlco,
\^-W July 9; John L. Ridgley Lodrce
at Gridley, July 10; Durban
Lodge , at Briggs, July 11 j
Orange Grove Lodge at Orange, July 13;
Cherokee Lodge at Cherokee, , July 15;
Evergreen Lodge at 1 Slerravllle,* July IS;
Golden Sierra Lodge at Sierra City, July
23, and Northern Star Lodge at Downie
vllle, Julj\25. . -
At last night's meeting of Templar Re
bekah Lodge there were Initiated a num
ber of candidatea, making In all fifteen
for the term of Mrs. Winnie M. Dowie
as noble grand. This lady has in the time
she has been in office endeared herself,
not only to the members of the lodge, but
to the members of the order generally,- by
her pleasant, agreeable manner, which
has made her one of the most popular
officers that has ever filled a like position.
As an officer she has won the admiration
of ail who have had the pleasure of see
ins and hearing her while presiding.
Possessed of a strong, pleasing voice, she
has always given all present a clear
understanding of all she has had to say,
while in the initiatory work it has been
dene without book and was memorized
with marvelous perfectness. As a pro
moter of the social features of the lodge
meetings she has not been surpassed by
any ether noble grand. Her term of of
fice will expire next month, and she" will
retire ,with a crown of fraternal glory on
her brow. The new officers will be" in
stalled July 13. , '
On the night of the 10th, Loyal Rebekah
Lodge initiated several strangers, and will
have several more to-morrow night. The
lodge is preparing to give a unique and
laughable entertainment, to be called,
"The Spinsters' Fortnightly Club, .or Old
Maids Made Over." .The costumes to bo
worn by the old maids are being made
expressly for the occasion by one of the
leading costumers, and all the gentlemen
of the order have been asked to declare
which are the best local hits of the en
tertainment. During the evening the old
maids will be given elixir drawn from the
fountain of eternal youth, and then they
will be ruu through a specially construct
ed machine and each will appear as a
blushing damsel of sweet sixteen.
On the 20th inst. Walhalla Lodge will
initiate several candidates, the last dur
ins the term of the present officers, who
have had a vejry successful six months of
official life, r
Jubilee Rebekah Lodge has arranged
for an old-time country fair to be given
in the banquet hall of the Odd Fellows*
building Tuesday evening next. In addi
tion to the fair there will be side shows
under the management of A. A. Fried
lander, Mrs. A. Currier and Mrs. Minnie
F. Dobbin.
The lecture that was given by Dr.
White Wolf, a Cherokee Indian, on In
dian life was a novel and interesting en
tertainment, which concluded with an ex
emplification of an Indian marriage and
war dance. In addition to the Whlto
Wolf feature there was a programme of
music, songs and fancy dances contrib
uted by Irene Gowdey, the Misses Baker,
Miss Irene Walhaldt. Clarkson's Mando
lin and Guitar Club. Mrs. Bailey and Jes
sie 'Warren. Then there was a short pro
gramme of dances. The committee of ar
rangements was Mrs. Julia -Drees, Alma
! McDonald, Effie Tunnison. J. J. Phillips,
j Fred Parker and Edwin Coffin.
The Odd Fellows.
San Francisco Lodge of the Independent
Order of Odd Fellows has made arrange
ments to celebrate the golden anniversary
of its institution on the 5th of July.
Oriental Encampment is making ar
rangements to celebrate an anniversary
in the middle of next month by an enter
tainment and dance in the Assembly hall
of the Odd Fellows* building.
Last Friday night Apollo Lodge gave a
grand banquet to Its degree team in Me
morial, ball of the Odd Fellows' building.
It was a fine gathering of members of the
lodge and a few invited friends, and was
a pretty compliment in recognition of the
good work done by the team.
The Eastern Star.
At the meeting of California Chapter "of
the Order of the Eastern Star on the 15th
inst. ten petitions for admission were re
ceived and . Mr. and Mrs. Joseph East
wood, Miss Hattie Ferguson, William Gil
christ and George Lafayette Campo were
admitted by initiation. The work was, as
usual, perfect and elicited many words of
comment from the visitors present. For
the first time the chapter used new chairs
prepared expressly ¦ for the five points.
These, in addition to the new pillars used
in the work, added much to the beauty, of
the ceremony of initiation. The new
chairs differ from those used in other
chapters in that they are hand carv
ed, covered with gold leaf highly bur
nished and the seat of each is of silk vel
vet of the color of the point at which it
is used. Ib the center of each seat there
is worked In silk the emblem of the point
of the star. The emblems are the handi
work of- Sister. Sophia Frank of San Le
andro. This new paraphernalia is much
admired and Is the talk of many Eastern
Star members and Masons. After the
of the evening there was a
[social hour in the banquet hall. This
chapter, although the last instituted in
this city, is fast being the leader.
At the meeting of King Solomon Chap
ter last Wednesday one stranger was
SOCIETY'S SUMMER OUTING,
»
Continued from Page Twenty-Six.
THE SAN 'FRANCISCO CALL; SUNDAY, JIJNE : 23, -.1901.
BAY
27
NEW ADVEKTISEMENTS.
SCIENCE SETTLES IT.
Dandruff Is Caused by a Germ That
Saps the Hair's Vitality. '.
It is. nowj a. .settled fact .that- dandruff
is caused by. a germ. . Falling hair and
baldness are the result of dandruff. Dr.
E. J. Beardaley of Champaign,, 111., got
hold of the. new hair preparation,- New-
bro's Herpicide— thft only one that kills
the dandruff germ. He says: "I used
Herpicide for my dandruff and falling,
hair, and I am well satisfied with the re-
sult." Dr. J. :T. Fugate of Urbana, 111.,
says: "I have used Herpicide for dan-
druff with excellent results. I shall pre-
scribe it in my practice." Herpicide kills
the dandruff germs. Physicians as well as
the general public say so. ..• . - :
AMTJSEMEHTS.
ft A 1 . 1 1 U D I J| SAN FRANCISCO'S
vULiUmDIA leading theatre
BEGINNING TO-MORROW.
fff ADI p« Messrs. Gottlob. -
V.U4U\L.Ln3 Marx & Co Dresent
FRflHMAN*^ ¦ this attraction with
* IVUIUTUUl tJ unusual pleasure, since
DDHT1T rrTIfttf— U . brln ss to Immediate
JPKU1JV 1*1 Hill •• view a quartet of dla-
__ ¦ ' tlngulshed public- en-
_ . ¦ ¦ tertalners— Ouida,
y ement greatest of modern nov-
Wlth elists: David Belasco,
DAVID BELASCO. masterful stage ffenlus;
Paul M. Potter's ' Paul M - Potter, fa- •
5- Act Drama. mous dramatist of fa-
Founded on ¦ ; mous • '•Trilby"— and ,
Oulda's Celebrated' - these three under the ¦
NO ve!, • v generalship. of that
w __ _ ar^ —^ foremost of ipanagers,
T T TIT jl I I Tl Charles Frohman. •
II 111 I I I I 1 1 That thls illustrious
I I 111 II H K combination should
II I H I I II have us ihetr. stellar
II I 1 1 I I I I exponent ' California's
\J ¦* ¦ 4L^ XJ 11 favorite and brilliant
. daughter. Blanche
2. . Bates, appeals heartily
to local Dride. ¦ How
completely she won the
.East during her two
years' absence from '
here ls familiar his-'
, . tory. And how signally
. .. she has vitalized . . ¦
_ _ -.1 Oulda's romantic hero-
II T • I II Tl lne> "Cigarette," is- ¦
I II A - 1 ¦ V now to«be witnessed.
HI II I \ Suffice It that : Mr.'- ¦
!¦ I . rl It ¦ 1 Frohman's production:
III I I ' I I I I ls the most extensive :
Jm XJ JL X %J W*J yet sent hither from *
the East. It comes
with direct from its
*»!' A 1US>UB7 -Initial career of 150 :
15 L AN W 11 II ' nights at the Garden ;
n kmco Theater. New. York..
BATES' with all the scenery,
**r* m. ijo mechanical effects.
. as ' .. trained horses and
••PTCiDPTTl? »» complete company of ' '
. ,1/1U AltCiX It. over 100 peoble.
. NO PERFORMANCES. SUNDAYS.
.MATINEES SATURDAYS "ONLY.". * ;
. ; TO-NIGHT— LAST TIME. . ;
. , FLORENCE ROBERTS IN . , >•.--.
COIJN Tt^S^yAlitSKA
TO-MORROW NIGHT— MONDAY.- :
FLpRENCE ROBERTS,
Supported ¦ by -WHITE ' WHITTLESEY, ' •
; .In ; Her Greatest Success,'. .; . ";
i ONLY MATINEE SATURDAY.' ' T >''.
: Orchestra— First Six Rows— 73c. . x
' "SEATS NOWON SALE.." r ?
In Preparation— "THE SCHOOL FOR SCAN-
- .-¦¦¦,».-' •-¦¦ DAL." - -- - -¦•-.-..-. ;
CHUTES and Z00
BRIGHT VAUDEVILLE STARS.
THE TC^IN^jMAiTiNETTI^j^D
SPTTTWRTiATro, ; BABY^ JOiTZ-
¦LER, CIannX>k|MOiTTGOMi»^
. LA IJOTA, SENOBITA LOPEZ,
: NEW *bbMIC^MaVTNQ--PIC-
. ./TUBES. : '.'¦¦¦'•:'.¦ '';,'_": ,¦'¦¦¦; ¦
:. :..-' Telephone. {pr'Seat*, : Parfc itL ....>;
AMUSEMENTS. .
Week Commencing TO-DAT. SUNDAY MAT-
?> INEE, June 23.
a new' collection of vaudeville's
favorites:
Emily- LYTTOH-BOWSER -[has,
" AND COMPANY.
Presenting George M. Cohan's Funniest Farce.
. " "A WISE GUT."
• >• ' FINAL WEEK OF
EZRA KENDALL -
- ¦¦ The Orieinal MonoloBist. , ".. .V^» : -
GARDNER AND VINCENT
? In Frank Gardner's Musical Farce,
1 "A" SHATTERED IDOL." •
SISTERS MAHR 5
. -Vocal and Terpslchorean Artists.
ODELL, WILLIAMS & CO.
~. In "THE JUDGE."
COLE and De LOSSE
Sensational Equilibrists.
THE GREAT AMERICAN BIOGRAPH
With New Views of the Pan-American Expo-
sition. ] yy. "/:'
Last Week of
THE EAST INDIAN PYGMIES,
"Fatma and Smaun,"
The Smallest Mldg-ets Living, in a Unique
Performance.
For the benefit of children attending: mat-
inees ' Fatma and Smaun will hold a. recep-
tion after the performance.
Parquet. 25 cents, any seat; Balcony, . 10
cents: Children. 10 cents, any part except re-
served.- A few front Orchestra rows reserved.
50 cent«: front rows of Balcony reserved, 33
cents. ¦ • ¦ • : - -
GRAND OPERA HOUSE
MATINEE TO-DAY .LAST NIGHT OF
'GlgMONrfl."
Commencing MONDAY EVENING,
FAREWELL WEEK OF
MELBOURNE MacDOWELL
Supported by FLORENCE STONE in
SARDOU'S GREAT SOCIETY DRAMA,
''FEDORA."
MATINEES SATURDAY. AND SUNDAY.
A SOUVENIR PHOTOGRAPH OF MR. Mac-
DOWELL Will Be Presented to Every One
. - • • • Attending the ! Saturday - Matinee.
;. . . PRICES— 10c. 15c. 2Sc. 50c, 75c
Good Orchestra Seat at All Matinees, 25c..
-.- ¦ . Branch Ticket Office— Emporium. -..'¦-"
BELASCO am* THALES^pgflfe,
¦ W- mnmetrriuu
' MATINEE TO-DAY— 10c, 13c. 25c.
TO-NIGHT— Last Time— The Great Farce,
ANIlCHTAT
THECIRCUS
,: YOU'LL SHOUT, SCREAM AND ROAR.
DDirCC Evenings. .........lOc. 15c. 25c, 33c, 50c
iniyc^ Matinees '. 10c. 15c. 25c
- TO-MORROW EV'G— Mammoth Revival of
UNCLE: TOM'S CABIN
Produced . on a Scale of . Magnificence Never
'. ? -Before 'Approached on This Coast.
"EXTRA MATINEE NEXT WEDNESDAY. "
OLYM f*m £^n*n
THE ONLY FREE VAUDEVILLE HOUSE IN
In ' Poses Plastique -Which Have * Never Been
,-,.. Excelled.
?: MAUDE DE' ALMA.
A 1 Soubrette That * Sings and ' Knows Hour
- . .;. to Do It.
ADA SWEENEY,
. V. The Noted . Soprano. ,
-^— ALSO^— * .
OUR CELEBRATED STOCK : COMPANY and
OUR FAMOUS ORCHESTRA.
-< MATINEES EVERY SUNDAY.
- . AMATEUR NIGHT - EVERY FRIDAT.
.-. ADMISSION FRBE.~ --. .
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
•^•••••••••••••••••••4
• v Celebrate {
jthe Jj-thj
• with C
• California J
[Fireworks,]
• Buy direct from f
di.:^j ths'makers, . 4
• CALIFORNIA j
SFIREWORks 8
2GO 219 Front St. 8
5 W >* • * SAN FRANCISCO, j
• Open Evenings of A f
• ..July 1st, 2d and 3d- - i
• * ¦ • ¦ . ..- v;.-. . i
«»PALACEH OTEL-
: " VUltors . to San Franeiaeo who mako
their headquarters at these ! hotel* en-
joy comforts -and conveniences not ¦ to
r b« obtained elsewhere. Desirable loca-
tion,' courteous attaches and uneqnaled
cuisine. American and European plan*. <
•"jGRAND^JlOTELr
AUCTION SALE.
REFEREE'S SALE.
By Order of Court.
All Choice Property
T0-M0BR0W.
MONDAY, JUNE 24, 1901,
- . At 12 noon, at salesroom of
G. H. UMBSEN & CO,,
No. 14 Montgomery Street.
Jessie and Second Streets.
Elegant business property; north line of
Jessie St., 57:6 west of Second st., thence west
40 feet by 69 feet: now leased to the Sharon
estate (used by Fire Patrol Service); present
ground rent $75; lease will expire May 1, 1903,
when building can be purchased at two-thirds
of its appraised valuation.
Washington and Drumm Streets.
Washington St., north line, between Drumm
and East ets., 95 feet east of Drumm; 60 feet
by 60 feet: • ground rent 535 per month: no
tease; an elegant income if p-openy improved.
-Dupont and Sacramento Streets. -•
Best Income property in ike city; 719 Dupont
Et. between Sacramento and Clay sts.: lot 22:9
xllO to Waverly place;, three-story and base-
ment brick, new, modern building; rents $190
per month.
Corner Fifteenth and Julian Avenue, j
""Fine building location: S. E. cor." Fifteenth '
st. and Julian ave. ; 84 feet on Fifteenth st- by :
155 feet on Julian ave.: ready for building; will :
sell as a whole or in five subdivisions.
For further particulars apply to referees,
J. T. EASMES, 626 Market St. j
G.'H. XTMBSEM", 14 Montgomery St •
P. J. SULLIVAN, Parrott Building. !
SX/VTE7VIEINT
OP THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE — '-
Standard Marine
INSURANCE COMPANY, Limited,
OF LIVERPOOL, England, on the 81st day
of December, A. D. 1900, and for the year
ending on that day, as made to the Insurance
Commissioner of the .State of California, pur-
suant to the provisions of sections 610 and 611
of the Political Code, condensed as per blank
furnlshe<l by the Commissioner. . . ; V
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up In
Caeh $500,000 00
ASSETS. '
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company $1,178,004 00
Cash in Banks J 180,789 00
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 14,988 00
Premiums in due Course of Collec-
tion 243,612 00
Bills receivable, not Matured, taken
for Flre'and Marine Risks 23,352 00
Rents due and accrued, policy
stamps on hand 624 00
Total Assets :... $1,640. 399 00
,*r LIABILITIES. '
Loesea adjusted and unpaid 1
Losses in process of Adjustment or -
in Suspense (172,950 00
Losses resisted, including ex-
penses >. )'¦
Gro6s premiums on Marine and In- 1. • "i
land Navigation Risks, $ ;
reinsurance 100 per cent — 142,745 00
Gross premiums on Marine Time
Risks, $ — - — ; reinsurance 60 per
cent j.
All other Liabilities .* 117.134 00
Total Liabilities $432.829 00
INCOME. X~\{ ; ~
Net cash actually received for Ma-
rine premiums .' $487,646 00
Received for interest and 'dividends
on Bonds. Stocks, Loans, and from
all other sources 39,036 00
Total Income $526,682 00
- :, .' EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Marine Lossea .
(Including $ , losses of prevl-
ous years) $495,527 00
Paid for Salaries, Fees and Mother l
charges for officers, clerks, etc.... 25,221 C3
Paid for State, National and Local
taxes ..; .9.067 47
All other payments and expenditures 1,677 00
-Total Expenditure! $541,493 00
Marine.
Losses incurred during the year..... $479,927 00
Risks and Premiums. Mar. Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year J64.435.935 $587.586 00
Net amount of Risks
expired during -the .-
year 63.652.375 .689,756 00
Net amount in force
December 3L 1900..... 8.271,210 142.745 00
JNO. "WILLIAMSON, President.
" JOHN GICK, Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me, this
23d day of January. 1901.
.TV. J. . SULIS. U. S. Vice Consul. '
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO.,
General Agents, *
J. P. F. DAVIS & SON, Man*ger«;
215 Sansome Street, San Fr&neisco, Gal.
i , . Telephone Private Exchange 68. ....
OCEAN TBA-VEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
IV Eteamen lea.v« Bro»dw»y
K»<fc- For Alaskan ports'— 11 a. m..
tT^c2i*V June 15. SO. July 5. Chanr* to
ris^Jtv^Z?^ company's f: earners at Seattle.
RallieH or Victoria. Vancouver (B.
r*^CiH \^S c -). Port Townfead, Seattle.
I tW?ai>f^!i Tacosna. Everett, Anacortei
C^^fcgji?^ and New Whatcom (Wash.)—
11 a. m.. June T5. JO. July 5,
and every fifth day thereafter.
Chanre at Seattle for this company's steamers
for Alaska and G. N. Ry.: at Seattle or Ta-
coma for JC. P. Ry. : at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka and Humboldt Bay— 1:30 p. m.,
June M. July 1. 6. 11. IS. 20. 25. SO. August 4.
For San Diego, stepping only at Santa Bar-
bara. Port Los Angeles and Redondo (Los An-
ireles)— Steamer Queen. Wednesdays, 9 a, m.;
Steamer Santa Rosa. Sundays. 9 a. m.
For Los Angeles, calling; at Santa Cruz, Mon-
terey, San Simeon. Cayucoe. Port Harford (San
Luis Obispo). Gaviota. Santa Barbara, Ven-
tura. Hueneme, San Pedro. East San Pedro,
•Newport ('Corona only)— Steamer Corona. Sat-
urdays, 9 a. e; Steamer Bonita, Tuesdays. 9
a. m.
For Enfcnada. Mardalena' Bay. San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa. Rosa-
lia and Guaymas (Mex.) — 10 a. m., 7th each
month.
For further information obtain company's
folders.
The company reserves the right to change
rteamers. sailing dates and hours of sailing
without previous notice.
TICKET OFFICE— I Xew Montromery
Etreft (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agents,
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
O. R. & N. CO.
¦ Only Steamalilp Iilne to
PORTLAND, Or.,
And Short Rail Line from Portland to all
prints East. Through tickets to all
points, all rail or steamshio and rail, at
IiO'WTBST XL^rTSS.
ETEAKER TICKETS INCLUDE BERTH and KEALS.
ES. COLUMBIA
Sails July 2. 12. 12. August 1, 1!. 21
SS. GEO. W. ELDER
...Sails June 27. July 7. 17. 27. August 6, 16
. D.W.HITCHCOCK. Gen.Agt.,1 Montgom'y.S.F.
AMERICAN LINE. :
KEW "TOSS. SOUTH AHPTOM. L01O>0X. PARIS.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From Kew York Every Wednesday, 10 a. m.
St. Paul July lC<St. Louis August H
St. Louis July 17 Philadelphia.. August 21
. Et. Paul August 7lSt- Paul August 28
RED STAR LINE.
;';. ; New York and Antwerp.
P"rom New Tork Every "Wednesday, 12 noon
Kensington July S Pennland July 24
•Zeeland July 10 Southwark July 31
Friesland July 1" 'Vaderland ..August 7
•Stop at Cherbourg, eastbound.
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
CHAS. D. TATLOR.
General Agent Pacific Coast, 30 Montgomery st.
TOYO RISEN KAISflA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF, COR-
ner First and Brannan street*, at 1 p. m.,
for YOKOHAMA and KONGKONG, calling at
. Kobe (Hiogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai and
connecting at Hongkong with Eteamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on
day of sailing.
fiS. HONGKONG MARU.Saturday, June 22.1901
PS. NIPPON 1 MARU... Wednesday, July 17. 1901
SS. AMERICA MARU.Saturday. Aug. 10. 1901
Round trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freierht and passage apply at company's office,
421 Market street, corner First.
W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
BS. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti
Wednesday. June 28, 10 a, m.
6S. ZEALANDIA (Honolulu only)
Saturday. June 29, 2 p.m.
ES. SIERRA (via Honolulu) for Samoa,
New Zealand and Australia
Thursday, July 11. 10 a. ra.
J. D. SPEECKU & BEOS. CO.. General Agents. 327 Kufet 81
Geo'I Pasengar Offia, 643 Market St., piir lo. 7. PactSe St
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION CO.
And CIA SUD AMERICANA DE VAPORES
To Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican, Central
and South American ports. Sailing from How-
ard -Btre^t wharf No. 3 12 m.
TUCAPEL July 6IACONCAGUA ..July 25
AREQUIPA ....July 101 PERU August 7
These steamers are built expressly for Cen-
tral and South American passenger service.
(No change at Acapulco or Panama.) Freight
and passenger office. S16 California street.
. BALFOUR. GUTHRIE & CO., Gen. Agents.
PANAMA 8. R. ST L E f N s f
TO NEW YORK VIA PANAMA DIRECT.
Cabin. ?105; Steerage, *40.
5. S. Argyll 6ails Fri lay. - June 28
6. 6. Leelanaw sail* Monday, July 15
S. S. Argyll «aHs Monday. Auft. 12
From Sea Wall (Section 1) at 2 p. m.
Freight and passenger office. 330 Market st.
p\ jr. CONNOR. Pacific Coast Agent.
C0MPAB5IB GI5EBALS TEAKSATLANTIQTO
! DIRECT LIKE TO HAVRE-PARIS,
S
No^h River, foot of Morton street; I* < Bre-
tlgne June 27; L& Champagne, July 4; La
Ga«»ene. July 11; *La Lorraine. July 18.
Fi«tV:la« U> Havre. $55 and upward. Second
,,;„ to Havre. US and upward. GENERAL
AGENCY FOR' UNITED STATES and CAN-
ADA. 22 Broadway (Hudson building). New
Tork: J- F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents. 6 Montgomery avenue. . San Francisco.
Tickets eoM by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
Twin Screw Express Steamers. _^_J~___
BAY AND EIVEB STEAMERS.
FOR U. S. NAVY YARD AND VALLEJO.
Steamers GEN. FRISBIE or MONHCELLO
8-45 a. m.. 3:15 and S:30 p. m., except Sun-
flay Sunday, 8:45 a. m.. 8:30 p.m. Leaves
Valleio 7 a. ra.. 12:30 noon. 6 p. ra., except
Sunday. Sunday, 7 a. ra.. 4:18 d- m. Fare 50
cents. Telephone Main 1508. Landing and of-
fice, pier :, Mlislon-et. dock. HATCH BROS.
j^jyEJRTISEMENTS. _' - , ,'.3
Y ........... .
: * ,
} Dry Goods Company. |
1 SPECIAL. I
J£ The balance of our Summer Stock to; be cleared out at an ?
T enormous reduction to make room for the" Fall Importations, t
I prices. i
I BLACK CHEVIOT DRESS SKIRTS, *= ft n !
Forroerly sold at $850-are now M>«-»«l^"
I TAN COVERT. CLOTH SUITS, * n = ft |
J? Sold ot $2000-ore now sold at *4>«^*vJVr jT m
I LADIES' CLOTH JACKETS, j
h. Worth $5 aod $6 $7.50 and $3.50 $10 and $12.50 ?£
| — $2.50 $3.50 $5.00 j
I LADIES' SILK ETONS, j
? . • Former price $15 $20 $30 aod $35 ••
I P«..n« Prt c. $10.00 $15*00 $20.00 !
r : -Si- WHi:
± CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS CO.VIPANY, i
T ' SE. Ccrccr Gerry and StccHon Streets, San Fr&noisoo* *!*
Y • UNION 8QUARB.
O-I-1-ITH-1-1-M ; I I 1 I I I I I W 1"! I I -I-I-I I-I' 1 I I I I I M-I-H-l-I-I^-H-H-Q
GOLDEN GATE
CLOAK and SUIT HOUSE
1230, 1232, 1234 MARKET STREET.
AMUSEMENTS.
*T8VOLi*
% ¦
¦
"THE END HAS COME AT LA3T."
MONDAY. JUNE 24. SEVENTH AND LAST
WEEK of the Greatest of Comic
* Opera Successes, ,,
— THE —
THE PRETTIEST OPERA OF THEM ALL.
GET IN LINE FOR THE LAST WEEK.
TUESDAY, June 25— SGUVENIR NIGHT
Everybody Will Receive a ••Corker."
One More Toy Souvenir Aftatlnee on SatUf-
day at 2.
BRING THE LITTLE ONES.
SUNDAY EVENING, June 30. ths MldsOBf
mer Extra vazanza,
"BABES IN THE WOOD."
evenings\a.t 8.
POPULAR PRICES 25c and Mo
. ' Telenhone Bush 9. /
UNION COURSING PARK
TO-DAY,
Sunday - - - - June 23
OPEN STAKE
-OF--
CHAMPIONS
$1000— TOTAL PURSE — $1000
FOB FREEDOM,' PALO AI/TO, IHE-
LAND, SISQTTOC, WEDGEWOOD,
TTARLKATT GLADYS, LUXOE,
HOMEB BOY, FINE FIBE, FOB
.GLOBY AND OTHEB NOTED
CRACKS TO STABT.
: TRAIN SERVICE.
Leaves Third and Townsend streets 19:15. 11
a. ra.. 12 m. and 1 p. m., returning at 4:45 p. m.
and after the last course. San Mateo electrlo
cars every six minutes.
ADMISSION 2fce. LADIES FREE.
JULY 4;
BEFORE SAN FRANCISCO ATHLETIC CLUB
SIXTEENTH AND FOLSOM STS.. 3 P. M..
JACK p MOFFAT
GEORGE GARDNER
OF BOSTON.
%\: TQB. MIDDLE-WEIGHT — -
CHAMPIONSHIP OF THE WORLD.
AL NEILL of San Francisco
CHARLES (Dutch) THU3ST0H.
TWENTY. ROUNDS EACH.
FISCHER'S concert house.
r 1D V 1111^ ? Admission 10c.
CHARITY . MARTIN. Siff. Abramoff. Mur>-
phy and - Hart, Lillian Levey, Arthur . Parent.
Charles Chenoweth. Ed B. Adams. Alice Bar-
num and Stanley and Waltcn.
Reserved Seats, 23c. Matinee SundaT.
SUTRO BATHS.
. OPEN' NIGHTS.' \
Open dally - from ' 7 a. . m. ; to 11 p. m.
<• Bathing from 1 a, m. to 10:30 p. m. -.*.
" -i ' ADMISSION 10c. CHILDREN, 5c
Bathtof. lacjpdinjr admission, 36c; c&Ud|j^ >>-'
$1.95
$10.00 Silk Petticoats with embroid-
ered accordeon pleats at.. $4.95
$5.00 Petticoats (silk taffeta)
..92.O5
$3.00 Silk Moreen Petticoats re-
duced to 91*45
$1.75 Amisilk Waists, lined
throughout, at 95c
$10.00 Black Ostrich Feather Boas.
\% yards long, at ...$5.95
$5.00 Fancy Capes, to close at'....
$1.45
s, assorted styles, will be closed out
• 45c
The Greatest Sale ever made in San Francisco
¦i4- is "earing its end. Stylish garments are being
sold at half and in many instances at less
than half price.
Still Greater Reductions to Close Balance of Stock.
$8.50 All-Wool Suits, fancv trim- $2.50 Brown Walking Skirts
med, at ...... .#3.95 $1125
$10.60 Fancy Trimmed Eton Suits. ?35° Black and Navy Tramping
of black or navy cheviot, at bkirts at .. $1.75
.$4.05 97-50 Fancy Trimmed Venetian
fH Nobby " ' 'Boi.ro Suig a, r.o». ._. .^ .^ . .53.05
..................... .....!?».^ Skirts....: $4.05
$25.00 Novelty Tailor Suits, hand- $15.00 Taffeta Silk Skirts, with
somely trimmed, jacket silk double roffle reduced t0 . . 97.05
lined, skirt lined with «lkmo- $ 25 .oo Silk-lined Taffeta Skirts.
reen, at $14.05 elegantly embroidered, to close
$50.00 Silk-lined! Broadcloth or at $12.95
Redfern Novelty Suits at.. $25 $5.00 Silk Waists, all over hem-
$30.00 Silk , Costumes are now stitched, on sale at $2.45
.\....... S13-95 $5.00 Silk Crepe Waists to close at
$47.50 Silk Costumes at... $22.45
$8. <;o Kersey Box Coats now......
* ; .;. $4-05
$7.50 Whi^bord Jackets are $3.O."J
$15.00 Silk-lined Kersey Box Coats
cut to ....I ..$8.05
$20 r N Silk-lined- Novelty Jackets
..... $1 1.JK5
$12.50 llaglans cut to $7.O3
$17.50 Raglans are now. ." .$13.45
$7.50 Black Eton Jackets, fancy
trimmed; v at •• .'.$3.O5
$1.50 and $2.00 Pique and Linen Skirl
at •••
..OF..
Semi-Annual Clearance Sale
CLOSING DAYS
ADVERTISEMENTS.THE S AN FRAJSTCI SCO C ALt, SUNDAY,' JTJNE;.' 23, 1 901 .
28
EDWARD EARLE, 328 Ellis— Readlnes dally
i*eance Sun., Tues. and Thurs. Tel. Polk 1601.
MRS. . HUBBARD. 109 Oak— Circles Tuesday
.and Friday, 8 p. m.; Wednesday, 2:30 p. m.,
10c; readinrs dally 60c- v : ' - .
MRS. LOUISE S. DREW VPsychic, Electric
, and Magnetic Healer. Room 14, . 305 Larkln
St.; tel. Howard 2711; hours 10 a. m. to 6 p. m.'
JOHN SLATER-Clrcles 25c, Mon. & Fri. eves..
;8:15; Wed. afternoon, 2:45; sittings dally, 10
to 4, except Sun. 1809 Stockton, nr. Greenwich.
MRS. S. A. LIVINGSTON, artist ti-ance, test,
¦business sittings: dally: hours 11 to 8, except
Sunday. Parlors 31 and 32,-1504 Market at.
RESUMED business— Mrs. Dr. Farnham, the
world-renowned spiritual medium; advice: in
nil affairs In life: lawsuits, divorces, deaths;
unites the separated: mining a specialty; cir-
cles Sun., Wed., Friheve.: letters. answered.
•Residence (no signs). 38, McAllister st.
SPIRITUALISM.
MRS. J. J.' WHITNEY— -'
Trance, business' medium: life reader; exam-
ines ore;.- oil. locations: medical . clairvoyant:
treats, cures sick: cancer removed- without
use of knife. 1164 O'Farrell, nr. Gou?h; Ellis-
st. car; sit. $1; letter, $2. Tel." Hyde 2461.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc.; day or eve. ; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
VIOLIN- thoroughly taught. MRS. MAUD.
MONKS. 2211 Fillmore st; tel. Geary 717.
PROF. L. MERKI. successful teacher of violin,
mandolin and guitar: IOCS Mission st. , nr.. 6th.
INSTRUCTION In grammar grade" and high
school work.. Apply 86 South " Park; refer-
ences. MISS JEAN PARKER. •¦
LAUNDRYMAN, reliable, sober, , wants posi-
tion aa marker and distributer | in country
laundry: will make himself generally use-
ful. Box 3672, Call.
YOUNG man who can speak French, German,
Spanish, Dutch and English fluently wishes
a situation in' a hotel; can furnish best of
reference. Box 3407, Call office. •
FREE! FREE! FREE!, 'i
To all 'those who suffer from disease o? the
Head, Brain. Throat. Lungs. Heart, Stomach,
Kidneys, Liver, Genito - Urinary ' Organs,
Spine, Bone or Joints, Catarrhal. Cancerous,
Rheumatic, Paralytic, Neuralgic or Nervous
affections and all forms of Female Weakness
thoroughly eradicated from the system by our
Special Electro-Medical Treatment. '
X-RAY Examination »nd Diagnosis FREE.
EDISON'S ELECTRO-MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
993 Market Street.
ELECTRO-MEDICAL INSTITUTE.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has . been established at 1038
Valencia st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore Bt
RUDOLPH & CO.,'- carpet-beating works: prices
reasonable. 17C3 Harrison; tel. Mission 263. -
BEATING, 3c: laying. 3c- renovating. 5c up;
work guaranteed. T. R. Co. ; phone Scott 1310.
A MIDDLE-AGED woman wants work by the
day. 49 Minna fit.
STYLISH dressmaking In ladles' and children's
clothes by an experienced dressmaker; $1 25
per day. 1213 Webster st, near Ellis.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
SANITARY cleaning and dvelng company. 342-
344 McAllister St. ; phone South 146.
JONES & CO.. reliable carpet cleaners and. ren-
ovators. 25-27 Eighth st; tel. Jessie 106L
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st. ;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM, Proprietor.
CONKLIN'8 Superior Carpet-Beating Works,
333 Golden Gate ave. : telephone East 126.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
G^O^G^W.K^LlTY^lTrge^cy^^o~c^aTgTu^
less successful. Room 310. 927 Market st. .
CAL. Auctlo* Co., 1462 Market— Buys furniture,
• merchandise, etc. ; phone Jessie 2071. •
FURNITURE WASTED.
FRED ADOLPH, the pastry cook— Please call
to-day. Sunday, or to-morrow; Monday. C.
R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st
BEFORE disposing ; of your furniture • see
Golden Gate Auction Co.. 928 Howard st
CHAS. LEVY buys your ' furniture, carpets,
: pianos, etc. 1135 Market st. : tel. 761 Jessie.
Auctioneer— L.Vincent, 1205 Larkin: tel.Polk694;
furniture ,& furn'd houses bought: spot cash.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
COMPETENT cook wants position in family;
- best references. , Address box 2260, Call, Oak-
,'Msnd. :. , : :\r ' : ;\ : • ! '.--i--* ;y vtBB&lil
MIDDLE-AGED woman, fond -of children, as
E companion in ' exchange for room and board.
Box 3698, Call office. <
A WOMAN wishes light ' housework;, steady
and reliable: references given; please call
Monday. 1461 Valencia st.
RELIABLE woman wishes position as work-"
8 ing housekeeper; city, references. 523 How-
•:ard st .'.•";; • .' -;¦' ..'.;;"'¦:£ -f?;.s ¦¦'_¦'.¦ . ¦ .'
COMPETENT dressmaker and talloress wishes
engagements in families; terms $1 50 per day;
„. references. Address 317 Golden Gate ave. ;>..
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
¦ subscriptions - has been established at 1098
'''..-.Valencia st " - '¦:-,. : - \ .. - ;
CLASSIFIED advertisements and .subscriptions
-, received at Call branch office,, 2200 Flllmore.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st, near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms; 25c. to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to
i $6 week; convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and • from ferry. -. /.-.• ..-.-; .
WANTED— Plain I sewing and '¦ gents' I mending
to dc at home. - Call 150 Fourth : st; : ."•>¦•¦•; '••..-
YOUNG lady wants" position as housekeeper,
" Room . 15, ; 827A Howard ¦ st. -;. ' *" • ' '; V t T
AN elderly American woman wants position to
In light housework . in small- family;
small-wages. 1099 Third st, r Oakland. , : ¦ ' ;¦
LADY wishes to tak« in plain sewing or go out
by the day; will also do t housecleaning. ¦• 1136
.Howard st. A .'
LODGING-HOUSE of 14 rooms," Including bath;
. elegantly furnished. - 624 Eddy et
$375— LODGING-HOUSE; 10 rooms: furnished
£644 Mission fits-- ¦¦<...*•¦.
APARTMENT house; 24 rooms: must : be sold
at once; rent $85. -A:. B. SMITH Furniture
Co.. 128 Ellis st ' . •
IXJWEST prices ¦ In .' S. F." Painless . extraction,
50c. N.'Y. Dentists, 969 Mission St., cor. 6th.
VAN VROOM— "Painless"; evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market «t., corner Sixth. •
SET of -teeth without plate. ... DR. : H. G.
"YOUNG, 1341-Polk «t. ¦ ; :. - -.; j
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery :, School—
Class rates;. patterns cut. ,; 1019 Market st. '=
DR. H. G. TRUMAN, dentist. : third floor," Ex-
. amlner building; formerly In . Murphy,, bldg. -{
$230— 10-ROOM house; good furniture; $30 over
and above expenses- 700 ' block Howard. V W
J. H12ALY r 630 Market, real estate, insurance.
THE largest > and best list of lodging-houses
and hotels can be found at office of ;
: _G. W.* SCHWEINHARD,
No. 917 Market 6t. (near Fifth st).
Phone Mint 1911. .- -. ¦
C. V. MILLER'S materialising seance to-
night 8 o'clock; 50c 10S4 Bush; tel. 2273
Larkin.
OCCIDENTAL HALL, 305 Larkin Bt. to-night:
Mr*. R. S. Lillie, Mr. GUlespie; excellent
music.
MRS. EBERHARDT'S test circle to-night. 10c.
22E0 22d, bet Mission and Valencia; phone
Blue 954.
JOHN SLATER— Test seance to-night, 8:15
t:harp. Scottish Hall, 1G7 Larkin; admission
10c.
MATERIALIZING seance to-night; readings
Sunday, 11 to 2; Arnold Dickson. 148 Sixth,
room C.
GEN. DE WETS niece "will lecture at G. G.
Hall, £25 Sutter St.. to-nUrht; 25c, 50c & $1.
MME. YOUNG'S demonstration of spirit return
to-night. 605 McAllister; 10c; come skeptics.
MRS. SHRINER— Test meeting to-night: in-
vestigators invited: ques. ans'd; 10c. 233 Hyde.
MRS. EVANS, 1T0 Sixth; c!r. to-night, 8 p. m.,
10c. and every eve. but Thur.; readings daily.
W. G. KEEGAN holds spiritual meeting every
night except Sat,; 10c. 148 Sixth St., 2d floor.
MRS. GILL1NGHAM. spiritual meeting 8 p. m.;
10c; bring sealed questions. 305 Larkin; tk. elv.
EDWARD EARLE. assisted by Miss Marion,'
in wonderful test* to-night. 328 Ellis st.
MRS. VIGARS: tests to all to-night; 10c 148
Sixth St., room 32. -. -: , ;•'¦',
MEETINGS — Universal Brotherhood.
UNIVERSAL Brotherhood and Theosophical
Society (non-political and uneectarian) Lodge
No. 7 will hold its next public meeting SUN-
DAY, July 7: I. B. League meeting Tues.,
July 2, 210 O'Farrell; meeting to-night for
members only.
MEETING NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Lodge No. 1. I. O.
O. F.— Every member Is expected ;$>#FSSi
to be present MONDAY EVEN- ?fzZ£S£s£
ING. June 24* 1901. The Past "2'""*"^
Grands' Association will pay us a fraternal
visit You will be highly entertained.
O. W. DOHLSON, N. G.
FIDELITY Lodge No. 222, I. O O.
F\— Installation MONDAY EVEN*-
ING. Jun* 21. 1901. Four candl- ==£S«2?35
dates. Members and visitor* cor- ly****^
dlally invited. W. WEICHHART, N G.
J. J. PHILLIPS. R. B. pro tem.
THE Part Grands' Association. I. <Msm>s,
O. O. V., will visit California
Lodfre No. 1, I. O. O. F., TO-
MORROW (MONDAY) EVEN- '•'55*5*^
ING. All members are requested to be pres-
ent . R. H. LLOYD. I'res.
JR. O. U. A. M.— Lincoln Council
No. 2 meets THURSDAY EVEN- 1 g-4t* l '"tt
ING In Seven Pim>s Hall. Alca- 1 *\k H
sar building. 120 O'Farrell Bt, B i-A »
June 27. Debate with IT. S. Grant ffsTTGrinB
Council. Subject. "Third Prin- IZnSPw
ciple of the Order." AH juniors '•fcgj^*"
cordially welcome. By order of -*"
W. L. WHITE, Councilor.
FOURTH of July. Shell Mound Park. .
.. Berkeley- Nineteenth annual cath- 5S, HdJ
Ting nnd ram*>s of the 8an Fran-
Cisco Scottish Thistle Club; new *a2Nb
features; great programme. /
GEORGE MILLER, Royal Chief.
CEORGE W. PATKKSON, Recoader.
ADOPTIOS. ~
A HEALTHY infant for adoption. MRS. DR.
FIJNKE, 1416 Eighth «t., Alameda.
AGENTS WANTED. '
AGENTS— Do you want something more profit-
able and easier to sell than books or insur-
ance? Ad. F. PERSON, r. 412. Parrott bldg.
LADY agents wanted. Call after 9 a. m. for
one -week at 1205 Valencia et. "
AGENTS can make $2 to $5 per day.. Call
at $3 Taylor Et. '
ASPHALTUM ROOFING.
J. PELTIER, asphalt roofing, sidewalks re-
paired; pottal. 1136 Mission; tel. Folsom 1607.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty;' private-
no fe* without evtcct-nt ; collections. G W.
HOWE, atty at law. 850 Market.cor. , Stockton.
ADVICE free: no charges unless successful. W
. W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market st opp. Mason.
L 8. CLARK. Kmma Spreckels bid*.. 927 Mar-
ket St.; consultation free; no fees In advance.
BOARDING FOR CHILDREN.
would like 2 children to board: fur-
nlshed room for parent. 246 Clementina st
t OR 3 children to board, week or month: best
. «M<Muiroy yard ;nr.6Chool;re*Bonable. 1607 Cal.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. . Bush—
. Full set of .teeth, $4;: crowns, $3; fillings," 25c.
DR.' R. L.WALSH.815%- Geary. nr. Larkln— Paln-
: . leas extraction E0c; plates $5 up;phonePolkll35.
FOR HOTELS, BOARDING HOUSES AND
, LODGING-HOUSES SEE WINSTON &
WOLF. 1C26 MARKET ST.. THE LEADING
AND RELIABLE ¦ BROKERS. ,
AT Ideal Dental Co., 6 Eddy st— Work done
¦ on weekly installments; : lowest rates.'. ;, -„» -
EXPERT dentist In order to build up a' prac-
tice will fill teeth, make plates, gold crowns
and ' bridge work at bedrock prices. : i Office
1141 Polk st; corner Sutter; open Sundays.,
FISHER & CO., S35, Market st, opp. Mason.
37 rooms, price $800; 35 rooms, price $1400. -,
24 rooms, price MCOO; 12 rooms', i price $500. '
26 rooms, price $1400 -.11 rooms,; price $325.
8 rooms; finely furnished; rent $30; $500.
If a bargain,. we have them at any price.
A— NEW unbreakable f plate,'- the Rose Pearl,
warranted for 20 ' years; crowns, $3 50: fillings,
. Me; plates, $5; full set; all work painless and
' warranted. Chicago Dental. Parlors, 24 Sixth.
ATTENTION. BUYERS !•
You may buy any rooming-house in '
the city, and pay- for It
in ¦ monthly payments .
- from the profits
of the house.: ¦¦'-'
Vacant houses furnished.
DONALD INVESTMENT. CO... 850 Market.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, . plates, bridges
¦ and fillings; . extractions . or fillings : by. my
wonderful secret, '- painless ; method; 20 years'
experience ; . no students : advice free ; ¦ prices
cheapest and guaranteed;, lady: attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st
_____
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIcr8oT~Ma£
ket St.. cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bids., you can
I have your extractions done painlessly ; . teeth
•without- plates our specialty; golj, crowns,
60 up; plates, extractions free, $4 60 up; of-
fice hours, 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sundays, 9 to 2
p. m. ! J. W. THATCHER, M. D., Manager.
$8 MONTH— 4 rooms; basement; in good or-
der ; sunny. 171 Collins St., off Geary west.
$14 AND $18 — 2 modern sunny cottages. Do-
lores st. bet. 19th and 20th; water free.
SUNNY furnished cottage, 5 rooms; large gar-
den; references. 4066 Twenty-third,. nr. Castro.
NICELY furnished cottage, 6 rooms and I bath ;
garden,' piano, coal and gas range, 3035 23d.
NICELY furnished cottage, piano, gas stove;
sunny yard; few months; Western Addition;
reasonable. Box 3432, Call office.' ¦ . ' . <_•
MARION GRIFFIN— Money to Loan.
113 Market st: by Call Bldg.: tel. Black 1803.
No charce if you list your house with me.
These are samples; call at ofllce for list.
23 rooms; rent $J0; corner, S. of Market. .$ 450
50 rooms; rent $100; clears 5200.. 5000
15 rooms; all front rooms: rent $50......:. 700
» rooms; rent }20: central: leaving city.. 500
24 rooms; a nice cor. ; clears $75; rent $58. 1300
1)9 rooms; cor. ; clev. ; clears $400 month.. 6500
Rooms 21. 22 and 23. Phone Bftsh 32S.
If you have hotel, rooming bouse or business
to sell lltt with us. We have cash customers
for all sizes and prices. See list of bargains.
17 rooms; rent $S0; 4-yr. lease: new fur.,
carpets: reduced tb make quick sale $1600
48 rms. ; rt. $175: fine cor.*: gd. loc; cpts.-fur. 5000
26 rms.; rent $90; cor. ; fine loc; good fur.. 2000
2S rms.; rent $90; fine loc. : full perman'ty. 2300
18 rms.; rent $125; eleg'ly fur.: fst-cls hse. 2000
12 rms.; j. $55; wtr. fr.;eljs.: full; f»t-cls hs;
must sell at sacri.: ac. deptre; reduced to 1050
16 rms.; fine transient house; new fur 11C0
21 rms. ; Post; rent $35; fine fur.; sunny.. 2200
J4 rms.; r. $70; sny. ccr.; gd: hs. ; pt'hs-kp'. 1000
A. CAMERON & CO..
850 Market v st. and 8 Stockton st.
TO let — New furnished cottage, i rooms; good
board may be had next door if desired; plenty
fresh eggs and cream; adjoining town; home
comforts; plenty nice shade: references re-
quired. Address box 110, Callstoga, Cal.
COTTAGES TO LET.
INGROWN nails, | bunions, corns, warts, chil-
blains; painless cure. Dr. Duncan, 415 Sutter.
CHIROPODISTS.
CARPETS cleaned at the lowest rates. STRAT-
TON, 3 jElghth st.: telephone Jensle 944.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-Beating and Reno-
vating Co., 240 Fourteenth st. ; tel. Mission 74.
Give me a call. I sell and exchange real
estate and business places. What do you want
or what have you to offer? Phone Mint 796.
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market st, opp, 5th..
45- ROOM house, clears $200 $2000
20 rooms; elegant; new 2400
84-room boarding-house '. 7500
70 rooms; country hotel and bar 3200
8 rooms on Mission st 250
10-room corner flat..... 250
MONEY TO LOAN AT LOWEST RATKS.
10 rooms on Eddy $ 550
32 rooms on Market 1700
21 rooms on Taylor .1150
33 rooms ; , corner 1800
15 rooms in Oakland '. 450
18-room house; sure to clear $100 700
38 rooms; all rented; clears $175 2000
26 rooms; elegant -corner;. clears $150 1900
39 rooms on Market: clears $200 1800
21 rooms; fine and sunny; clears $140...... 1200
10 rooms; very central; on Taylcr 400
J6 rooms; near Eddy; new furniture 1350
500 other houses, . from $50 to $10,000. ; '
CITY Steam Carpet-Beating Works. G. H.
STEVENS, mgr.. 38-40 8th st; tel. South 250.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st
GOOD opening for barber shop and baths In
hotel; also tailor. 718 Valencia st
LADY partner as clerk In established dyeing
and cleaning office. Box 3328, Call office.
$2f*0— MUST sell: saloon; bargain: good reasons.
640 Commercial st. 2 doors from Kearny. -
SPLENDID store In right location for any
business; low rent LICHTENSTEIN, 15
Grant ave. ¦¦_ ¦'¦;•'.'
FOR sale — A first-class branch bakery, with
soda fountain and- icecream implements.
Apply Modern Bakery. 344 Sixth st.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice: names given: 25c up. S Fourth et.
TRAINED nurse with long experience wants
position to take care of Pick or Invalid per-
son ; no objection to leaving city. Call or
address Nurse, 730 Sutter st.
EXPERIENCED ladies' nurse would like en-
-gafrements; doctors' references. Address 308
Fell st.
SWEDISH woman wishes situation by the
day. 438% Francisco st. '
CARPET REATIXG AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become djggusted with poor, work
send to SPAULDING'S pioneer Carpet-Beat-
? Ing Works. 353-337 Trtama st ; tel. South 40.
STEINER, 620, bet. Fell and t Hayes— Sunny
middle flat; rent $37 50; water free.
SEVENTH, 45, opposite new Postofflce, near
Market — Flat, 4 sunny rooms; rent moderate.
UPPER flat, 3 rooms, oil. Linden ave., be-
tween ' Laguna and Buchanan sts. ; rent $10.
3-ROOM flat, partly furn.; new; on Fell st., nr,
Laguna; for rent or sale. Box 3148, Call office.
YOUNG SWEDISH woman wishes position;
jj washing and housecleaning. ; Call at 663 Har-
' rison r.t." v * •/.¦• .--• • f > fjM -•
A. WOLLPERT, 773 Mission st. pays highest
: price for second-hand furniture; 'tel. Red 1354.
DRESSMAKER with the best references; en-
gagements by day; fancy, or tailor dresses;
work taken home. 10 Metcalf place, *• near
Mason st., off Geary.
HOUSEKEEPER— By neat' American woman;
elderly; good, economical cook; likes children;
washing -and • houeecleanlng; wages $12; city
referenoes. Call 263 Stevenson st.
WANTED — By competent Canadian Protestant
woman, housework and cooklns in private
family. CrII 205 Turk. ¦ /<- . - :
4 ROOMS furnished in oak, $48 50, with No. 7
range King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
A LADY wishes a position to do any, kind of
work. 27 Birch nve • • .
WE will furnish ¦ your house on monthly pay-
ments. A. B. SMITH Furniture Co., 128
and 132 Ellis st. -:>¦_•-..!-,--
HIGH-GRADE carpets, almost new, cheap, 6-
room flar, before June 30; flat to let. Ad-
dress box 3690, Call.
DRESSMAKER from New York wishes en-
gagements ini families evening; dresse's and
• street gowns specialty; satisfaction guaran-
¦ teed. S24 Geary st. •
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
MIDDLE-AGED woman; housework for family
2 or 3 adults or chamber work. Apply to
1 Martha place, " between •' Mason and Taylor
sts., off Geary st.
HOUSEKEEPER'S position wanted by mid-
dle-aged German widow, without . incum-
brance; good home more desired than wages,
country, jj Box 3434, Call. '
$14— FINE sunny flat of 5 large rooms; baUi
and gas. 3928 19th, bet Noe and Sanchez. |
A WOMAN wishes work by the day. Apply
at 235 Hickory ave.
$350 BUYS elegant furniture of 4-room flat; gas;
bath; near the Pleasanton; rent $22. -710 Jones.
FLATS TO LET FURNISHED.
FURNISHED flat to let; rent $25. 647 Fol-
som st
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S 104 Geary st
...Open To-day, Sunday, 7 a. m
..Wanted— 1000 Men for New Railroad Work..
100 laborers and teamsters, Uklah, free fare.$2
25 men to cufright of way, Ukiah $2 25
Ship to-day. Sunday, and to-morrow
...All who want work call to-day, Sunday...
FR.EE FARE
30 2 and 4 horse teamsters. Bakersfleld..J2-$2 25
Ship to-day and to-morrow Free Fare
100 tunnelmen. Chatsworth Park... .$2 50
100 muckers, Chatsworth Park, big tunnel.. $2
Ship to-day and to-morrow
50 teamsters, 50 laborers, Truckee ,
Ship to-day, Sunday, and to-morrow. Free Fare
500 surfacing men and ballasting track... $1 75
San Luis, Santa Barbara and L. A. divisions
Surf and Camp Spur Free Fare
Cook, surveying pan.? 8 persons $40
Blacksmiths and horseshoe™, railroad camps
$40. $60
6 tlmbermen and 10 carpenters, mine.. $2 50. $3
All call • to-day, Sunday Office open
30 men to handle cordwood for a mine $2
Cooks, waiters and kitchen help for springs
and thousands of others too numerous to
advertise i..:
Call to-day. Sunday
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary st.
MRS. BROWN— ClatrvoyaDt card reader; ladies
25c; rents 50c. 132 Sixth st. ,
MME. AUGUST. ciu'rYoyant. card reader and
palmistry; truth or no pay; 25c. 1149 Mission.
A LADY wishes a position as nurse for one or
two children or take care of an Invalid; city
or country. Address MISS ¦ M. J., 813 Mis-
sion Et. '.-vWV
MME. SCHAFFER. clairvoyant, card reader;
eittings dally. 44S% Jessie St.. bet Eth and 6th.
REFINED -country srlrl, domesticated, good
cook, wants position; preference given to
chance of accomplishment. Box 3428, Call.
MME. BERNARD, 17 3d St., gone on vacation:
will return soon; watch paper for ad.
Mrs. Mallory. clairvoyant card rend*"-: , when
others fall consult me; 1.25c, g.50. 917 Howard.
YOUNG girl desires place to do chamberwork
ani sewlner in American family; good ref-
erencoE; country preferred. Box 2429, Call.'
WANTED — By a competent colored woman, a
situation as children's nurse: good references;
wages $25 to $30. Apply at 600 Van Ness ave.
MME. WALTERS, great card reader: ladle? 25c
gents 50c. 951 Mission, nr. 6th; open; Sundays.
MRS.MELVILL. well-known clairvnyantwoter
reader. 11. 6th;German spoken;tel. Howard 1816.
MRS. STODDARD— Convincing teets to all;
circles 10c; Sunday, Tuesday; readings daily.
278 Ninth st.
YOUNG woman wants situation to cook for S
or 6 men In the country; wages, $20. Box
3092, Call office.
WONDERFUL clairvoyant: what he tells comes
true: <><?n<1 10 cts.- and birthday. PROF. J.
MYERS. Lincoln Park Station, Chicago.
KATIE HEUSSMANN (nee Lottritx). former-
ly of the Mission, er-irltual medium; sittings
daily; circle to-night; also Friday eve.; 25c.
136 West Mission st, near- Thirteenth.
RESPECTABLE woman wishes a situation do-
Ing general housework; is a good cook; no
objections to countrv; no postals answered.
627 Turk st.
KNOW your fate; Mme. Richards, astrological
palmist and reader of human destiny: never
falls; readings, 50c. '1203 Mission St., cor. 8th.
I. F. T. Bible Spiritual Church meeting, E09
Market st. ; 11. free; 2:30 and S p. m.. 10c;
Mrs. Seeley, Maxwell. Swarn. Wilison, others;
election for president and director July. 7.
MME. MONTAGUE, clairvoyant and palmist.
Riven names, facts. dntes;<iati!«fartlon bymall;
Inclose" stamp. ,13S2 Market, op. Odd Fellows.
SALESMEN calling on clothing, dry goods,
drug, millinery and general stores to handla
special side line; no samples; one order each
week pays road expenses; firm "rated three
hundred thousand. Address Clerk 9, P. O.
box 860, Kansas City, Mo.
WANTED— Experienced city and traveling side-
line salesmen for new lubricant; big money;
permanent position for good men. Box 3323.
Call.
COLLECTOR ! wanted thoroughly acquainted
with city: good position for a smart man.
Apply Monday. 8-9 a. m. E. C. LITTLE. 405
Montgomery st
WANTED— A few good solicitors for a good
proposition. GOLDEN RULE BROKER \GB
Office. 1008% Market st, room 4.
WANTED— A young man who has had experi-
ence as a salesman In a merchant tailoring
store. 31. Market st.
WANTED— Clo thins salesman. Apply this
morning between 11 and 12 m., clothing par-
I lors. 639 Kearny st
: WANTED— First-class electrician. HETTY
1 BROS., 126 Eddy at.
WANTED— Rolling top desk; state price. Box
332 ». Call.
BOY to learn painting trade. Inquire at 118
. McAllister st
WANTED— A boy to learn upholstering trade.
Apply at 410 Devisadero st.. Monday morning.
FIRST-CLASS machine shirt polisher; steady
employment. 639 Howard st.
DISHWASHER, wanted: S13 per month, and
found. 1224 Point Loboa ave.
WAITER wanted; $6 per week and found; must
have experience. 1224 Point Loboa are.
EX-SOLDIERS of good address wanted at SSIS
Grfenwich St.; call Monday.
WANTED— 10 first-claw paperhangera. 1814
Market at
BLACKSMITH'S helper and finisher wanted at
2313 Pine st. near Fillmore.
A— STEADY man .with $150 cash can maka $73
a month. Apply at 203 Keamy »t, room 1.
FOR salo— Barber shop. Apply at, saloon. SOS
Howard st . r f *Vf
WANTED— Bright young man to fill position oC
cashier and assistant bookkeeper; muat b«
Quick at figures and perfectly able to fill po-
sition; salary $30 per month. Address box
26. Call office. .
WANTED— Steady man to take Interest in In-
door business: $103 required. MCLAUGHLIN
& CO.. 777& Market st.
PAINTER for U. S. Navy. Apply H. BAJf-
CROFT V painter, U. S. S. Independence, Mar*.
Island. ' .
WANTED— Experienced domestic salesman.
Apply HALE BROS.
LARGE boy, living In Mission, to carry papers.
J., 1098 Valencia.
WANTED— Industrious men and women la
' every town to work for ua at home. No
canvassing. We will send work any dis-
tance. Have several lines of work to glvo
out; some requires no experience. If you
can't devote the whole day to our work,
you can earn $5 or $6 a week by working an
hour or two evenings. .Address Standard
Mfg. Co.. 142 West 23d st.. New York.
WANTED— By an old" established mfg. house,
resident manager for general sales agency;
salary $1500 per annum •& extra commissions;
office duties exclusively; must furnish $2000)
cash and satisfactory references. District
Mgr., 722 Union Trust bldg.. Cincinnati. Ohio.
GENTLEMAN of indomitable enersry and push;
good opportunity to right man. F. PERSON,
room 412, Parrott building. .
WANTED— Recruits for the marine corps. U.
S. Navy: able-bodied, unmarried men of goodt
character, between the ages of 21 and 33; not
less than 5 feet 4 inches and not over 6 feet X
inch, able to read and speak English. For
further information apply to the Recruiting
Office. 40 Ellis St.. San Francisco.
DRUG clerk wanted. Apply at RICHARDS
& CO.. 4C6 Clay st. -
. McDONALD & PERRY hav» EM pairs second-
i hand shoes for sale; 50c. 241 Third St.
GET your shoes half-soled wWle waltlnsr: 25o ¦
to 50c. 562 Mission st., bet 1st and 2d sts.
1000 MEN wanted— Teamsters, roctc drtlJars,
tunnel, brush and shovel men to wont nit
ditch and pipe line being constructed f^r th»
Sweepstake Mining Co. near WVavcrvWe.
Trinity Co., Cal.: apply on work: steady
work, good board and best wages in State.
San Francisco Construction Co.. 26 Mont-
gomery st., room 25. Stin Francisco, Cal.
WANTED— Men to learn barber trade; $60
monthly paid our graduates: two months
completes; more calls for our barbers than
we can supply: tools presented; wages Sat-
urdays; diplomas granted: busy season now;
. call nr write for our sr>ec!al offer to-day.
- MOLER BARBER COLLEGE, 633 Clay st.
WANTED— At Master Bakers' Protective As-
sociation, foreman, second and third bread j
bakers: also confectioners;, good pay; perma-
nent positions. 127 Mason st.
ENTERPRISING man for outside position
with a prominent life Insurance company;
city or countrv; liberal commission. Addres3
H. W. KNOLL. 431 California St.. San Fran.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
: - runs Denver House. • 217 Third st. ; 150 larga
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
WANTED— Advertising man. 628 Montgomery
st., room 16, third floor.
ALL' sizes" men's shoes, slightly damaged, halt
price* 563 Mission st., bet 1st and 2d sts.
PENSION AGENT EDWARD A. BULLISH
Past Commander Geo. H. Thomas Post No. J.
G. A. R.. room 40, Phelan bldg.. 80S Market
COATMAKER for country. Apply REIS3
BROS. & CO.. 24 Sutter st.
SAILORS, ordinary and green hands, for ships
at HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart st
WANTED— 500 men to buy new and 2nd-hanil
army shoes, $1 up; soling 20c up. 923 Howard.
AT cash prices for $1 per week, men's suits to
order. NEUHAUS & CO., 115 Kearny st
PENSIONS— J. H. SHEPARD & CO.. attyr.
Hearst bldg.. Third and Market, room 318.
MEN to learn barber trade ; catalogue mailed,
free. S, K. Barber School, 741A Howard st.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St.. near Mar- "
ket— 7C0 rooms, 25c night; reading-rooms; fre«
'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
¦ HORSES AND AVAGOSS.
A LADY leaving the city for the rammer haa
left with us her Victoria. Brougham and har-
ness, all In good condition, to be sold. STU-
DEBAKER BROS. CO. OF CALIFORNIA,
Market and Tenth sts.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggrie*.
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market,
327 Sixth st ; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
FOR sale— 2 horses; weight 100O to 1100; also 1
large icebox. Inquire at 59S5 Mission st, op-
poslte Ocean View.
$125— FOR sale; bay horse, about • 1100 lb«T7
broke single and double. Centennial Stables.
1523-25 California st.
NEW $300 rubber-tire" surrey. $140; handsoma
double harness; sound, gentle- young thorough-
bred, broken to saddle and harness; good busl-
nesa buggy; all $300; will sell part. 125 Geary.
40 HEAD cheap work and driving horses. 1824
Folsom st. ; auction sale Monday. 11 o'clock.
FOR sale — Camping wagon, light team and
harness. 1202 Mission st. room 2.
40 HEAD of work and driving horses; 3 fast
pacers. 721 Howard 8t
ALL kinds of wagon, buggies, carts, harness,
etc.. cheap. EG AN & SON. 2117 Mission st
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single; also light
camping wagon, for sale cheap. 532 Mission.
HORSES WASTED.
HORSES wanted to work on scraper Job; four
or five months' work. Apply at 26 Montgom-
ery st. room 25. .
,?J I P* I ?, E ? _ T _° LlE ' r -
A— PRINTED list houses to let; send for clr-
cnlar. .O. H. UMB3EX & CO., 14 Montgomery.
ELEGANT two-story and basement bay-win-
dow house of ten * rooms ¦ and bath; larga
grounds and stable: sunny side: 1923 Eddy St..
- near Devisadero: rent reasonable to a good
tenant. Apply MADISON & BURKE. t
$30— 3-STORY bay-window house of 8 rooms and
bath; stable: 1S29 Howard st. Apply to E.
ROBINET. 41U4 California st. or 7S2 Folsom
st: key at 182S Howard st. ' ¦ -
A— ELEGANT corner house of 10 rooms and™
bath. 1125 Leaven worth st- cor. Sacramento.
HOUSE -of 5 rooms. 54D Stevenson st. near
, new postofflce. ¦
HOUSES TO LET — •FUItXISIIED.
WELL furnished home: Clay-st. hill: rent $1CO.
ASHTON & GARDINER, 411 Montgomery st
COMFORTABLY furnished house of 9 rooms
and bath; centrally located. Box 4261. Call.
SUBURB A jr^RESIPEXCES.
$33— COTTAGE of « rooms, furnished: Belve-
dere. Call at room 550. ¦ Parrott building, or
phone Pine 2056. ¦ ¦ . -
INSTAXTAXEOUS WATER HEATER.
HOT bath In ten minutes at cost of 2%c; saves
fire in range; you light your flame and by the
time you are disrobed, your bath Is ready: no
danger from explosion; sold on Installments;
-. call and se» it in operation. RIBBOM
i WATER-HEATING CO., Exam, bldf., r. •«-
WANTED — Position as working housekeeper,
or taking care of 1 or 2 children. Call at 140
Seventh tt. . .".-¦.•*;• ."-V v .f;- v
A YOUNG WOMAN wishes work by the day,
house cleaning; willing and obliging. Box
3691. Call, office.
ISMAR, the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 1148 Market, op.
Cth; private readings dally, 10 a. m. to 5 p. m.
RELIABLE woman wishes situation to do gen-
eral housework; city or short distance in
country. 140 Patre st.
MME.SANDERS. 127 Mason st. medium; palm.
1st; teaches mind telegraphy; advice on all
business: 4 questions by mall, $1; hrs. 12 to 8.
TWO new modern corner flats of 5 and 6 rooms,
porcelain tubs, ingrain paper; up-to-date in
all' respects; rents $22 50 and $25 per month
each; see them to-day; southwest corner San-
chez and Clipper sts. EASTON, ELDRIDGE
. & CO.. 638 Market st
$6 — FLAT, 4 rooms; range; carpet; yard; water
free; fine view; no children. 21 Holly st., 50
feet from Mission, opposite 33d and Mission.
2123 PINE— 6 rooms, bath; all modern; large
back yard; fine basement. Inquire of owner,
2134 Pine st
$25 — NEW sunny flat, 6 large -rooms; all mod-
ern improvements; finest view in. the city."
Corner Liberty and Dolores sts.
$25 — GRAND flat, 6 large sunny rooms; modern
in every respect. * 1127 Guerrero st, . between
23d and 24th.
A— MARINE view; new; 8 rooms, bath; very
'.sunny. 2414 Van Ness ave., near. Union st
AN upper flat of 6 rooms. 49 Zoe St., bet. Bry-
ant and Brannan.
NEW flat 4 rooms and bath. 837 Bush 6t,
near Mason.
FLAT of 6 rooms and bath. 435 Tenth st.
FLAT, 1008 Valencia st, near 21st— 6 rooms .
and bath.'
FLAT of 5 large sunny rooms, bath; rent rea-
sonable. Apply 50 Clara st.
418 HYDE st.— Lower part house; sunny; 4
-rooms, bath; key on premises.- • ¦
APPLY Sutter, 2300—6 sunny rooms; appreciated
If rseen; $22 50; water free; please investigate.
AA— DR. JOHN A. KERGAN will lecture this
evening at Crystal Hall. Pythian Castle, S09
Market; subject, • 'Bright' s Disease," followed
by magnificently illustrated trip Around the
World. Thcee attending may procure free
tickets to X-ray exhibition at Sanitarium
next Tues. evening; seats free; no collection.
ME ETING S S UK DAY,
MRS. DR. VALEEN, clair.. palmist: advice on
all nffuirs: messasre." fr*m departed friends;
teacher of personal magnetism, l.'23'i Market.
A FIRST-CLASS French and American cook
desires a situation; city or country; best of
references. J. F. CROSETT. & CO.. 316 Sut-
ter st.\ i
HOME OF TRUTH (practical Christianity),
1T31 Pine St., near Hyde— Sunday services. 11
a. m. and 7:30 p. m. ; weekly meetings Mon-
day, S p. m.; Tuesday, 3 p. m. . V.J ! ,
Mrs. Dr. Sajior, queen of clairvoyants & palm-
ists: names and dates; L. 25c; G. 5<>e: mail Jl.
1511^4 Market, op. Van Ness: tel. M«.nt 1095.'
SITUATION wanted by Swedish brother and
sister as cook and gardener; best of refer-
ences. J. F. CROSETT *& CO., 316 Sutter st.
Second cook railroad ' cam? free fare
MURRAY & READY .-...634-636 Clay st.
Machinist, ?3 day; harnessmaker for ranch,
$52 and. found; wagon maker and woodworker;
15 blacksmiths, country shops, ranches, etc..
$3 and $2 50 day, $40. and $50 and found: 3
ranch carpenters. 4 rough carpenters, $2 day;
carpenter, $1 fare, $2 25 day and found; car-
riage painter; handy men for boiler shop.
BAKERS. BUTCHERS, HOTEL HELP.
Baker, country shop, $60 and found; butcher,
country shop, $40 and found; 5 bakei-3, coun-
try; 3 butchers, 9 cooks, country hotels; 7
cooks, ranches, and harvest crews, $25 and $35:
15 waiters, porter, laundry help, dishwashers
and kitchen help — .'
10") teamsters '..Ukiah free fare-
100 laborers Ukiah... wages $2 day
75 laborers. Los Angeles and Santa Barbara
division. $1 75 to $2 day; free fare
MINES— LABORERS— QUARRIES.
4 single hand miners, $75; 3 machine miners,
new mine; 60 laborers for the mines, $75. $30
and S35 and found: 9 drivers FOR NEW
WORK NEAR CITY; 10 laborers for large
company, no experience, $2 day; 5759 laborers,
all classes of work in all parts of the State.
$2 50. $2 and $1 75 day: laHaborers. factory, S3
day; SO laborers fcr ditch work, etc., $1 75 and
$2 day: 10 muckers, $75; 5 asphalt miners, see
boss here; 25 quarrymen, $60; teamster for a
mine, $40 and found; can washer, city depot.
$45; boys for factories: SPECIAL FOR A
LARGE MINE COMPANY, 20 laborers to
pile lumber, anybody will suit. $60: 7 stable-
men, buggy washers and hostlers; 3 men and
wives for farms and orchards, $50
..... AGRICULTURAL DEPARTMENT
250 men, ¦ harvest and hay fields, header
wagon drivers, runners, loaders, etc., $1 25 to
$2 50 day and found: 5 teamsters, $2 day and
found ; 150 farmers, orchard and vineyard
hands, $26 to $35; 16 milkers. $30 and $35; 15
choremen and boys. 530, $25 and $20.....'
NIGHT,
AGENTS.
SPECIAL TO-DAY— SUNDAY.
Office oDen 8 a. m. to 12 noon to-day. '
$1 Office fee and no other expense
We ship you FREE. MORNING, NOON and
A— MURRAY & READY. .......Phone Main 5S48
LEADING EMPLOYMENT AND LABOR
HELP WANTED— MALE.
FLATS TO LET.
A— FLATS, houses and cottages for rent.
2718 Filbert.n.h.,7r.$30 2427 Sutter. C, 6 r...$22
1521 O'Farrell,8r.$37 50 418 Clayton, f.. 6 r..$21
1184 Ellls,n.f.,8 r....$40 1247 Pacific, f., 4 r..$12
997 M > AMIs<ter,cf.8r.$4fo 3672A 16th. f.. 3 r $7
Apply A. M. SPECK & CO.. 667 Market St.
FIRST-CLASS hotel cook wants position, city
or eountry. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with douhle veil— second sight;
diagnoses disease with life reading: larlies 50c.
gents $1; palm, end clair. sit. $1 50. 126 Turk.
THE First Mental Science Temple meets In
Golden Gate Hall. C2a Sutter st. 11 a. m. Pub-
lic alwaj-6 invited. Professor W. A. C. Smith
lectures on "Life Is Worth Living." Come
end hear this interesting lecture. Seats
free. Collection will be taken to pay ex-
penses.
FIRST-CLASS German cock wants position in
private family, city or country. -MISS CUL-
•LEN, 325 Sutter st.
FEATHERS RENOVATED.
FEATHER pillows and mattresses steamed,
renovated. E. J. O'ROURKE, 1393 Valencia
st. ; phone Blue 1595. .
A BRANCH office for call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia at.
MLLE. M. WILLE of Paris, clairvoyant.
trance, business medium: speaks French,
. German. English: from 9 to S: 50c. 215 Leav-
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
LADY typewriter and advertising solicitor
I wanted. -628 Montgomery, room 16, 3d floor.
A FIRST-CLASS German chambermaid and
seamstress wants a position. MISS CULLEN,
325 Sutter st.
EMPLOVMEM WASTED FEMALE.
OPERATORS wanted at Lev! Strauss & Co.'s
overall factory. 32% ¦ Fremont st Apply to
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the well-known trance
¦ medium, is permanently located- at 1206 Mar-
ket St.. corner Golden Gate ave.. rooms 25 and
26; take elevator. Perfect satisfaction guaran-
teed by mall; send stamp % for pamphlet with
6pecial terms. Daily and Sunday.
FIRST Church of Christ, Scientist Central
block. 223 Sutter St., between Kearny st ana
Grant ave.— Christian Science Bible lesson at
11 a. m. : subject "Is the Universe. Including
Man, Evolved by Atomic Force?" Sunday-
school for children at the same hour: Wednes-
day evening meeting at 8 o'clock. Free read-
ing-rocm, 206 Kearny St., room 610. All are
welcome.
BUTTONHOLE operators to operate on Singer
machine at Lev! Strauss & Co.'s overall fac-
tory. 32% Fremont st. Apply to MR. DAVIS.
OFFICE— Real estate office for sale. JOSEPH
j BAILIE. 759 Market st. • ¦
¦ FREE!
! FREE! PATENT and
I FREE'.
i FREE! . MECHANICAL
; FREE! *
FREE! ENCYCLOPEDIA.
¦ No Inventor or mechanic should be without it.
j ' Sent postpaid on reauesi.
KEYSTONE LAW & PATENT CO.,
1131 Betz Building. Philadelphia
! FOR sale^ — In ValJeJo. one of the best corner
! saloons and rooming house of 20 rooms, new-
ly furnished: best rooms in town; if you are
looking for a safe investment you will find It
here; will bear inspection; cause of selling, re-
tiring from business. For particulars call on
ADAM MILLER, cor. I Virginia and Santa
Clara sts.. Vallejo.
GROCERY and bar; no better money making
place in city: fine cash trade; trial given be-
fore buying: owner wants to retire after sev-
eral years in business: gilt-edge chance; safe
Investment. Business Board Trade, 326 Pine.
LIQUOR store for sale account sickness; 4 liv-
ing rooms in rear: 3 small rooms for store:
large cellar; plenty light; can be used for
bottling or s=oi!a factory. Call 9:30 to 11:30,
45 Van Ness ave.
A RARE chance— A drug store, In city, suit-
able for physician, for sale; rent $26; daily
cash pales over $20; reasons for selling;
price *2100. A. & P.. Box 3593. Call.
CHICKEN, ranch for eale very cheap; big bar-
gain: full value: standard poultry yard; in
Fitchburg, Alameda County.
POIXTRYMEX- Interest In poultry farm for
pale. For particulars address G. C. Gal-
lagher, Napa, Cal.
WANTED — To purchase small paying business-
of some kind; state particulars. Box 3694,
Call office.
MAN with good references, small capital,
wants a position. Box 3426, i Call.
$S0O — SNAP: good Falocn, near city; cheap rent.
412 Examiner building.
A— 14-ROOM lodging-house on one- of the be»t
streets in the city; contains furniture of the
latest style, not firewood; this Is an acci- ¦
dent of one in a life time; come and. mike
, an offei. CONNORS & SON'S, 933 Market
; st.. rooms 1 and 2. .
j REAL estate office, furniture, etc., for sale
at sacrifice. 765 Market St.
• FOR sale— Whcle or helf interest In bakery,
j Interior city, first-class location; good busi-
ness, clearing- $300 to .$400 per month: can
be fully investigated. Address "Anna 3a-
kery." box 31CI. Cal! oSice, San Francisco.
A GOOD, live, man with $250 can make $2000 ':
to $3000 per year either in Oregon. Nevada
or Arizona; exclusive State agency for manu-
factured Eoodei Call or address J. W.. 221
Parrott building.
FOR sale at a bargain— First-class country ">
hotel, on railroad and terminus of stage
line: has all the stage patronage: owner re-
tiring. Address box 3411. Call office.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese, Chi-
nes^ help. 426 Powell. nr. Sutteritel. Black 5072.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese employment of-
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main -5188."
EXCHANGE and sales office, 321 Phelan bldg..
Market St.— Send particulars of anything you
have for exchange, sale ur want; registration
free; insurance and loans.
$10,000, dry goods and grocery, country;. 480
acres timber land; Irish Point Lace Curtains
. for desk; Chlckerlng piano and large mirror,
bargain: 20-room house. Pacific Grove: hotel.
6!) rooms, $13,€00; mining and oil lands and
"stock and patents; $20,000 wanted, no risk;
state your wants.
EXCHANGE.
EMMANUEL Baptist Church. Bartlett st, nr.
Twenty-third— Rev. J. George Gibson, pastor.
Preaching by the pastor at 11 a. m., "The
Fruitfulness of Christians." Evening,
"God's Character in the Old Testament"
Barytone solo by the pastor, "Is It Thy
King?" (Butts).
JAPANESE and Chinese help of all i kinds;
" cooks, waiters and house servants. GEO.
AOKI & CO.. 421 Post St.; tel. Bush 135.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
anteed: develops mediums In 2 months; teaches
palmistry, clairvoyancy; hours 9 a. - m, . to 9
p. m. ; readings by mall. 326 O'Farrell St.
DIFFERENT FROM .ALL OTHERS.
1000 Callers Since May 1st.
Naaman. Russian seer, medium, palmist and
advisor, tells your name, what you called for,
cures your disease or anything you want to
know; no charges in advance; satisfaction guar-
A— $175; Branch bakery & variety store; 3 furn,
rms.; rent $14. STRAND & CO.. 209 Kearny.
UNITARIAN Church (First). SW. cor. Geary
and Franklin Ets. — Rev. Bridford Leavltt,
minister; Rev. Dr. Stebblns, minister emer-
ritus; Charles A. Murdock, superintendent of
Sunday-school. The Sunday-school is closeJ
during vacation. The morning service is at
11 o'clock. Rev. Burt Estes Howard of Stan-
ford University will preach. Subject, "A
Man's Right to Live His Own Life." Music
by quartet chair. All are cordially invited.
There is no evening service.
A— LINCOLN CLAIRVOYANT AND
: HIGH PSYCHIST —
He tells your name, condition, desire, hopes,
etc., without asking a single question: cures
diseases without medicine; shows you how to
avoid bad hick and how to make yourself
lucky: reunites the separated ;.. makes .har-
mony in your home; gives accurate advice on
all buslneps affairs; Investments, mining, oil;
readlnrs by mall; send stamps for terms.
125 Turk st.
Electric-Chemic medication cures faulty nutri-
tion, nerve, blood & constitutional diseases.
Drs. K. & K.'s Elgctric Sanitarium, 8 Mason.
ELECTRO-THBRAPBHTIC.
A SNAP— Grocery: fine stock; elegantly located
on'ccmer; only $200; 3 living rooms; rent $20;
worth $:00. FISHER & CO., 935 Market st
WANTED— Experienced seamstress for cloak
, and suit alterations. Apply HALE BROS.
WANTED— A lady to act as companion to an
invalid lady. Address box 3594. Call office.
EXPERIENCED operators on gents* custom
shirts. .635 Valencia st
JAPANESE young- boy wants position in family
as housework; city or country." GON, 1606
Jones st.
WANTED— Immediately, a healthy wetnurse.
906 Guerrero. £t.
JAPANESE boy wants a position as schoolboy
ln city or country. Y. M., 1606 Jones st.
WANTED— Bright, capable lady to travel and
appoint agents; must be In good health, un-
incumbered and ; furnish first-class references;
salary, $100 per month and all expenses; po-
sition permanent; no experience necessary.
Sales department, 900 Star bids.. Chicago.
WANTED — 2 first-class lady lroners; one of
them must be . able to run shirt machine;
wages, lroner. $30 and found; polisher. $35
and found. N. JOENSEN. Woodland, Cal.
TRINITY Church, cor. Bush and Gough sts.—
Rev. Frederick W. Clampett D.D.. rector.
Holy ccirmunion, 7:30 and 11 a. m. Morning
6ervice, 11 a. m. Evening prayer, 4 p. m.
Friday sen-ice at 11 a. m. for army and navy.
The rector will preach.
YOU can be suited in any kind of business by
calling at office.
G. W. SCHWEINHARD. 917 Market St., near
Fifth.. Phone Mint 1911.
A LADY of indomitable energy, possessed of
self-assertion: good opportunity to right par-
ty. F. PERSON, room 412, Parrott building.
A MIDDLE-AGED woman: general housework,
cooking; $18 to $20; sleep home. Box 3447, Call.
BARBER wants job in the country. Box 3597.
Call office. •¦¦; \ -" '-,;: v %.;¦-¦<;¦
ALL kinds of property bought, sold or exch.;
specialty made of buying and selling lodging-
houses: all kinds of clerical help furnished.
GOLDEN RULE BROKERAGE OFFICE,
- ICOS'i Market st. room 4. ¦
EXPERIENCED hands on children's hats and
caps. BAUER BROS. & CO., 21 Sansome st.
TOUNG man (German) wishes situation in
private place care of. horses or garden; can
milk; references. Box 3595, Call office. ¦
CALVARY and St. John's Presbyterian
churches worship together at corner of Cali-
fornia and Octavia sts. Rev. George G. Eld-
redge will preach morning and evening — 11
a. m. and 7:45 p. m. Sabbath-school and Mr.
Johnston's Bible class, 12:30 p. m. Christian
Endeavor, S o'clock. All are cordially in-
vited.
ISMAR THE GYPSY.
ISMAR, the Egyptian Gypsy, draws aside the
uncertain years ahead; happiness" and success
go hand In hand, yet hundreds fail where suc-
cess is possible, were It not for a' lack of fore-
sight into the future. If you arf in trouble of
an— kind, discontented, unhappy or not satisfied
In life, consult ISMAR, for she is a prophet-
ess «of world- wide farr.e and her name has be-
com-; a proverb in thousands of homes nade
happy by her aid and advice. ISMAR can be
consulted daily from 10 a. m. to 5 p. m.. Sun-
days by appointment enly, at her office, 1148
Market st, opp. Sixth. By mall three ques-
tions answered, $1. Full life reading, $5. ' - ; .>•¦
A FEW hands to make ladles' underwear at
home. BAUER BROS. & CO., 21 Sansome st
STATIONERY and notion store; cheap rent;
investigate and make offer.
Cor. grocery and bar: fine business;, a bar-
rain j will exch. for saloon; lodging-house, 20
rooms, well located: rooms all- rented; price
i"A T. J. MAY, Agent, 638 Market st.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
APPRENTICES for ladles' tailo%ig; steady;
% paid yhlle learning. 819 Post Bt
EXPERIENCED shirt and overall operators.
HEYNEMANN & CO.. «o*i Mission st
CENTRAL Methodist Episcopal Church. Mis-
sion St., bet. Sixth and Seventh ets.— Dr. S.
D. Hulsinplller will preach at 11 o'clock on
the topic, "Does Religion Change With the
Changing Times?" and at S o'clock oh the
topic, "-Who Are the Laboring Men and What
Ie Their Relation to the Gospel?" Seats free,
good music and cordial welcome.
WANTED-A girl for general housework and
cooking. Apply 1528 McAllister et. -
WOMAN to do kitchen work. Call 579 Harri-
son st. '
WANTED by a sober and steady all-round
man, work on a farm or private place. Box
3140. Call office. ; -..-.-.
AN experienced young . man, 19, 1 desires posi-
tion as stock or entry clerk in ' .wholesale
¦house; best of references.. Box 3697, Call.
SITUATION wanted by /young man as city
¦teamster; not afraid of work; city references.
Box 3439. Call. -
FINISHERS on coats. BEL'ASCO & HARRIS
CO., 541 Market St.
$1500— ESTABLISHED neighborhood «. grocery,
¦ the property (store and flat), fixtures, stable,
well and all (cost $2400) ; street work all
done; good reason for selling. ; r «--
A SNAP. .
Grocery stock, scales, fixtures, complete, with
rig. tfor $750: local train stops In front of
store; rent only $15; will inventory If desired;
cood reasons for selling-; look this up at once.
..:¦:, :¦:-.. GEORGE W. AUSTIN & CO..
. 1008 Broadway, Oakland.
YOUNG man. wants position as clerk (day or
night) . in hotel or lodging-house. Address
CHAS. BROWN, care of pastor Howard-
street Methodist Church, 618 Howard st, S. F.
care for 2 children;" 'Call Sunday aft-
ernoon and Monday, 1816 B»ker st
FIRST, and second " gardener wants private
place. Address E. S., box 3387, Call office.., :
$1TCO — BEST paying lodging-house In Oakland:
clears $100 month. ALDEN CO., 1118 Broad-
way, Oakland.
WANTED— Experienced -waist trimmers at
room 134, Spring Valley building, Geary and
-' Stockton sts. • ¦ '
YOUNG attorney wishes position as clerk or
other work in a San Francisco law office; sal-
ary no object. Box 2259, Call, Oakland.
yAT ~ME 51 SAN tEPS' 5ABHATH rlOMH
(645) Howard J"t. Methodist- Episcop»
Chuich Bet si & 3d Sts. Seats Fret-.
Uev. Dr. John A. B. Wilson. Pasior
Res. by the Church. Tel. Black ««".
«rtmlnrtafrleseat )
A 1 1 1 lurteous greeting > Await yo»
11 a. m. Children' 8 day, sons and
recitation, with fifteen-minute ser-
mon to children and their folks.
6 p. m.. young people's rally. 7:30
p. m,, song service in popular tunes and short
semion after meeting. Anthem, "Offertory,"
•oprano solo, by Miss Flora Bollinger.
YOUNG woman, plain cooking, light house-
work; small family. 2418 Washington St.; call
i Monday.
$175— CIGAR stand; good location. ALDEN
CO., 1US Broadway, Oakland. ;_ .
WANTED— By. thoroughly competent man of
experience, with references,^ a position as
working foreman on ranch, orchard or vine-
yard; expert irrigator. W. F., 247 Turk st.
CHURCH SERVICES.
ACTING, elocution, specialties; Halletf School,
associated , with theatrical agency ; securing
positions. Alcazar, building, 120. O'Farrell st.
MERRILL-MILLER College— Shorthand, typ-
: ing. practical bookkeeping. Rooms 40-45, ' Par-
rott bldg. ;¦ individual instruction; catalogue.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec., miriing.mech., pur-
vey, aspay. cyanide; day. eve.;'est 1864. Van
der Naillen School, 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
A FULL, : course cf ' Ellis bookkeeping and the
Gregg shorthand costs" only $60. San Fran-
cisco Business College 1236 Market st
A SPECIALTY— Perfecting beginners; business
college graduates; bookkeeping: figures; short
time. TARR, exp. acct, 220 Parrott bldg. -
WANTED — A position by a young man In a
\ butcher shop! where he can learn to cut meat ;
has a good deal of experience in the business;
best- of references ; c'.ty or country. Box 3435,
.Call office. . ; V • * ;
TWO pianists to play for lessons. Hoovtr Uni-
versity, of Physical Culture, 1319 to 132) Mar-
ket st; beautiful 100-page catalogue free.^
WANTED— Experienced stenographer; state
experience and . salary expected. Apply box
3444, Call office.
WANTED— Girls experienced in labeling and
filling glass fruit jars. Apply LONG STRLP
REF. CO., Eighth and Brannan sts.
SITUATION wanted by bread and cake baker;
. strictly sob«;r; ¦ country ' preferred. Box 3433,
Call. \r. - ¦:¦".¦•-.-' \. . ,;. '- - ;.- ;,
WANTED— Bright, sensible woman with some
business experience by wholesale house: mar-
ried woman preferred. Box 3323, Call office.
WANTED— By , }¦ sober, reliable single;
ccachman, gardener: city or country; milking
and general work around private place; refer-
¦¦ ences.'- Please address P. LEE, box 3419, Call.
$7000— GROCERY with annual business of $85.-
CCO guaranteed. ALDEN CO.", 1118 Broadway,
Oakland.
J750— GROCERY; fine location and business;
all fixtures and delivery teams go at same
price if taken right away; apply quickly.
AI.DEN CO.. 1118 Broadway. Oakland.
$700— Grocery & fruit: no rent;' good clean stock.
$1500 — Wine & liquor store; bar & bottle trade.
$4500^Shoe store;, all new stock.
$20CO— Saloon and furnished rooms.
Flue- saloon taking $1000 mo.; call. for price.
$1500— Ranch 80 acres; small house.
$400— Candy store, ice cream parlor.
We have some very genuine business oppor-
tunities well worth investigation.'
WALTER HATES & CO.. 838 Market Bt.
BUS1M2SS CHAXCKS.
GIRL for plain cooking andgeneral housework;
small family. Call Sunday afternoon anu
./Monday. 1816 Baker st '
SITUATION i wanted In grocery or meat . mar-
; ket I or. any clerical work by young man • of
25. Box 3633, Call office. . '.; ..;¦
BARTENDER, • German, wants* situation;
* 'country preferred; references'. Box 3674,- Call.
WANTED-A German girl for general house-
work; 3 in family; must be well recommeHd-
ed; fair wages. Apply at 1621 Dupont st. .
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, . law and medical
collegeo: references, President- Jordan or any
Stanford professor. : Phelan building. • ~~
AYRES'/ Business College, 723 Market st— Day
& eve. ; bookkeeping, shorthand, typing.? teleg-
raphy, etc.; life scholarship,- $30; Individual
Instruction; positions secured; catalogue free.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Post St.
; S." F.— Bookkeeping, shorthand, typing, lan-
guages. : telegraphy. ' English branches, civil."
electrical and : mining engineering. ' etc. ; day
ft night sessions; new 80-page catalogue frae.:
\^j_^_j_ EDUCATIONAL. Y.
GALLAGHER-MARSH College. Parrott bid.?.—
Shorthand, and -bookkeeping; Robert
: P\ 1 Gallagher, expert court reporter, teacher of
: shorthand: reportorial phrasing taught;-' prac-
tlcal bookkeeping, full course, $50; catalogue.'
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third street*; open
until Vt o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 527 Montgomery street
corner Clay; open until 9:30 p. m.
3C0 Hayes street, open until9:30 p. m.
6S9 McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. m.
615 Larkln street; open until 9:30 p. m.
1»41 Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
2261 Market street ¦ corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 p. m.
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 p. m.
1096 Valencia street: open until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky streets; open until 9 p. m.'
2200 Flllmore street; open until 9 p. nv
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
-':, HELP WASTED — MALE — Con.
HELP' WAJTTBD— FRWU.F — r«n
EMPLOYMENT .WANTED — MALE.
ACCORDEON pleating ; country,, orders ' prompt
attention.; Ill <Pont, over O'Connor & Moffatt.
CALIFORNIA gold minee; steady work- M-h
Eawy* .investors; , ulviden^*
GERMAN " man ; and > wife .< wish situations '. on
¦>¦ ranch; > man ** care '', horses ' and .'.-' work about
ranch: .wife good ; cook; > $20. Box 3582. Call.
ERMAN, young. • single, strictly iober,* wants
situation as " coachman; ' understands garden
work ; ¦: references.-. Box 3596.% Call ; office.
¦iiSS 3 I 4T l &ra C e~" n^ nt
TRUSTWORTHY persons In each State to
-manage business of wealthy corporation- sal-
ary. $18 cash ' each Wednesday head-
quarters; expense money advanced. Man
. ager, 335 Caxton : building, Chicago? .;
ELDERLY man for general work about di,,.".
must understand care of fine horseVa^d small
garden; r references ".required- rood hVwIfJ
wages $20. Box 14, Call/ * home;
WANTED-A good live man to handle affairs
•of an oil company now boring In Sunset dls-
Sltrirt; well'comoleted to 750 , « Ut denth? hav-
; ing Passed through first . oil sands; present
board i or directors .business men and unable
to give it proper attention. Box 3446 Call
AN experienced salesman" going to the.Phillp-
: plr.e Islands would, like to represent a.wnofe-
fiale house or manufacturing company. to in-
. troduce goods there; best of ireferenceaglven.'
S Please -.address -A. GARBE.R,- Golden- West
¦Hotel, Ellis st. ».¦¦ .'¦-; - - :. . - . . . ; '.. .y ,
SITUATION wanted by sober, j industrious, rfln-
g\<! man ;„•. understands t care- ; horses, rigs,
fawn ;" can . milk : and " i3 ' handy and willing;
;. good: references.';-: Box ' 3427, Call: - ¦ * '¦ . .
EXf ERIENCED grocery clerk with city refer-
' ences - would • like position ¦' In . city or coun-
try. F. I. ¦-, C. ",*' 330 •'¦ McAllister i St: - V : ,
EMPLOYMENT LASTED— 31 ALE.
3 waitresses, same spring, see party here.. $20
Waitress, spring, Lake Co. ; fare paid...... $20
Waitress, spring, short distance .$20
2 waitresses, summer resort, see party here.$20
2 waitresses, summer resort, fQr 1st ...$20
2 wnltresses, commercial hotel, fare paid. ..$20
2 waitresses, commercial hotel, see party
\ • here ..'. $25
Waitress, Stockton .$20
Waitress, Lathrop '".'.I ....." .........$20
Waitress, Menlo Park ..$23
Waitress. ' Orovllte :. ......;...... .....$20
,2 waitresses, minins town.......... :...$20
Waitress, Watsonville .....:..." .."$20
; , Waitress, -> Madera,^ fare . paid. $25
Waitress, Winters, fare paid.....: .......$20
¦ 10 waitresses, city, restaurants and hotels
..:.;...-. .-.' $20-$30
Pantry woman,' springs,- fare paid ...$25
Laundress, 1 , hotel, short distance.'..'.. ....... .$20
S Cook, restaurant,' no Sunday work.... .$lday
' House girl, institution, short distance. .....$20
FAMILY DEPARTMENT., .
All kinds of • positions In this department at
wares from $10-$30. ¦<¦ '. ¦ ' ' -
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. ...........104 Geary «t.
A PANTRYWOMAN for a first-class hotel;
..-•Portland, Or. : $25;tsee party here; free fare.
~ C. R., HANSEN & CO.. ...... ....104 Geary st.
WANTED— Cook, $33, no wash"; Protestant
' chambermaid, $25, private family; 5 cooks,
$25 ¦ and $30; daundress.: hotel,*: $20; - 3 second
girls. $20 and $25; 3 waitresses for the springs,
$25: 8 ¦¦ hotel waitresses, • city and resorts, $20;
restaurant waitresses, $6 and $8 a week;,Ger-
; man cook, $35; a' large number of housegirls,
$20 and $25, city and , country. J. F. CROS-
¦ ETT.& CO., ,316 Sutter st
WANTED— Middle-aged .woman - (Protestant) to
..-, do housework, cooking and washing for small
, . family .a short distance ;in'. country; wages
$25. Address, ' with references, boi 3700,. Call.
EXPERIENCED , hands and apprentices . on
men's neckwear:- steady .work; best » pay." " L ¦¦
. SAMTER & SON.. 618 Market St.- •:¦, „.
SALESLADIES wanted— Experienced \- in the
selling of, ribbon," gloves, . laces,' etc. Address,
i -stating . last ¦ position, G. ; H.,-. box 3591, ' Call. ' .
GERMAN ' woman i about 60 years who wishes
' a good home in exchange for light housework
; Box;3<30. Call. . ;-T, ; -
WANTED-^Experlenced waitresses;, also girls
t to learn ; office open . Sunday morning. 137
•Mason' st.'." ';,•- v,' ."
YOUNG ' men— Learn illustrating, advertise-
ment writing, bookkeeping, Journalism or
stenography by mall; tuition payable 60 davs
after securing position, paying at leaet $13
weekly; mention course in which you are In-
terested. Correspondence Institute of Amer-
ica, box 302. Scranton, Pa...
JOURNEYMEN Barbers' Union meets MON-
day night at 8:45 o'clock. Election of officers
All members are requested to attend at 32
O'Farrell st ¦ r; ,-. I. LESS, Sec.
JOURNEYMEN Barbers' International Union-
Free employment. 927 Market st., room £07
I. LESS. Secretary; telephone Jessie 1178
A— HOTEL GAZETTE, 26 Montgomery room 12
—Broiler, $60; fry cook;' $40; office open from
9 to 10 a. m. Sunday morning.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S.. Phone Grant 185
AT THE CAL. EMPLOYMENT AGENCY.
59 Third st. Phone Bush 405.
60 railroad laborers $1 75 to $2 23 per day
S. P. Co.'s own work, Santa Barbara and
- Los Angeles divisions.
60 railroad teamsters, Uklah.. :..... $2 per day
.100 railroad laborers, Uklah .$1 75 per day
FREE FARE
Office fees for above $1..
8 lumber pliers.. $35 to $45 per, mo. and board
5 rough carpenters...; $2 60 per day
10 men to ballast track.. $2 per day
5 bark peelers $45 per month and board
23 drillers. $2 50 per day ...country
10 men for harvest fields. ......... ..$2 per day
Blacksmith, country town.. $3 50 per day
Spooltender, logging woods ...... $5a and board
1 Edgerman, srfwmtll, country 35c per hour
'20 common laborers $2 25 per day
25 tunnelmen, Shasta County $3 per day
5 teamsters, city... $125 and board
¦ Man to wash buggies and harness.. $20 and fd
10 men to work on a ditch. $1 75 and $2, board
$3 50 per week .../
Baker for country to-day.... .¦.. i^j)
4 milkers, 14 to 23 cows $30 and found
...:... Office open Sunday till 12...........
BOOKS— NEW. AND OLD.
BOOKS of every kind boupht. Tel. Red 2956.
HOLMES BOOK CO.. 704-706-70S Mission st.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAlllster-^Mrs. C. J
Meyer; sittings dally: test to all to-night; 10c.
KATIE HEUSSMANN. 136 West Mission st.,
nr. 13th— Circle Fri. eve.. 25c; sittings^ dally.
MME. MAJORS, gifted spiritual medium,"' card
reader and healer. 146 Eddy st.- '
JOHN SLATER, test seance to-night, 8:15
sharp. Scottish Hall, 107 Larkln; admlss. 10c.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 23; 1901.
29
REAL K8TAT-S— -CITY-—g'O_ BAX^,
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO..
638 MARKET STREET.
A BIG BARGAIN— On 19th st. near Mission;
two substantial houses of 9 rooms each; on the
sunny side of street;, pays $504 per annum or
good interest on $5C00; we can sell this property
lor J4CC0. : ¦ • ' • " • * ' - ' '
•REDUCED TO $3750— Those modern flats of 4
and , 5 rocir.s. I in the Mission . Warm Belt, on j
Guerrero _t, must be told; rents ior $408 per •
<innum: mcrtraze tSllC. . ' :
¦ N . j
! MISSION HOME— llust be sold to clcse* an j
Ystate; nice -cottage, 4 ruonis, bath and base-
ment; on Church »t, near JSth; lut 25x114; price
UitX). ¦¦¦ . ' .
A GILT-EDGE DOWNTOWN INVESTMENT
on Post st, near Taylor— Good improvements; 2
stores and 2 flat_; lot 28x70; pays $1230 per an-
num; price $20,000.
SOUTH OF MARKET ST. INVESTMENT— 4
flats of 5 and 3 rooms; north side of street, near
Second Bt.; rents $40 per month; lot 25x80; re-
duced to $3500. \
MISSION BARGAIN— A grand lot. 42x137 ft.
near 18th and Guerrero sts.; improvements,
house of -9 rooms and cottage of 4 rooms on
rear of lot; room on front of lot for 4 flats;
present rent $336 per annum; price $3500.
WESTERN ADDITION FLATS— Three hand-
some, well-built flats of 7, 7 and 6 rooms and
bath, near Park Panhandle; always rented ;
pays $1050 per annum ; recently reduced from
?12,000; ; lot 25xlC0; price $9500.
DOWNTOWN INVESTMENT— House. 21
rooms, on the north side of Minna St.. near
Third; this property will be required by the
owners of frontage on Mission »t. ; pays $6C0
per annum; price $6250.
- ' X . ...
A CHEAP HOME— Cottage, 5 rooms, on Cook
st. near Point Lobos ave.; 37:8 feet; price $11-0;
very best terms if required. .
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO.,
• • 638 Market st
McAFEE BROTHERS.
i ... -v . _ 108 Montgomery st
'.' MARINE VIEW LOTS.
On north side Vallejo st, between Scott and
Devisadero sts.; size 34:4x137:6; price only $5500;
splendid marine view.
• A FINE HOME
on VaJleJo st. in Pacific Heights; nearly new
house ot 0 rooms and attic; finely finished
throughout; grand marine view; price $13,500.
Rents $63, price $7000: 3 flats on Howard st..
In good condition; new sanitary plumbing, etc.;
between Twelfth and Thirteenth sts.; lot 25x
137:6.
FOLSOM-ST. CORNER.
This side of 8th St.; lot 52:6x94 feet; store and
flats rented $95 monthly; price $12,000.
CAPP STREET.
8-rcom cottage on Capp St.; 30-foot lot; price
$4000. .....
WASHINGTON, NEAR VAN NESS.
Fine old residence; could be turned into fiats
at small expense; large sunny lot; a good buy;
price $3500..
IN THE MISSION.
2 flats on Twenty-first st, 5 rooms each; rent
$27; price $3250.
WESTERN ADDITION HOME.
On Sacramento st, near Webster St.: key
lot; 7 rooms and bath; price $4600; quick sale
' wanted.
• PACIFIC HEIGHTS.
Cheap corner lot, commanding marine view,
on Pacific avenue, near fine residences; offer
wanted. - ' ¦
SHOTWELL STREET.
6-room cottaee on . Shotwell st. head 22d;
price $2750; $1500 mortgage can stand.
. SOUTH OF MARKET.
4 flats on Shipley st., near 8th; rent $40; new
plumbing; will trade* for lot in Mission; price
$3750. _
LOTSr LOTS! LOTS! All over town.
McAFEE BROTHERS. ¦
108 Montgomery st.
aT m. speck & co.,
667 MARKET STREET.
Opposite Kearny Street.,
Genuine Bargains In Best Portion of Clty.-
$100,000— Comer; 275x137:6; splendid improve-
¦ ments; rented at $800 per month.
$100,000 — Close to ¦ Market and East sts.; fine
brick structure: store and lofts"; lot
55x130; rents $5CO.
$55,000— Post st; corner; downtown; splendid
building; 60 feet front; paying 6 per
- ¦ • ¦ • cent net ¦
$51, OCO— Slxth-st. corner; l\i blocks from Mar-
ket; rents $325; fine building.
$55, OCO— One-half block from the Orpheum;
stores and lodging-house; rent $260 net.
$40,000— Flr6t-st corner; 75 feet front: whole-
: sale and manufacturing district; vicin-
ity new Crocker building.
$37,500— Ellis st, close to Taylor; new building;
1 tenant; leased with security; annual
rents about $2800.
$36,000— Downtown Mission-st bargain; 70 feet
front; this is a rare buy; the largest
j lot to be had on Mission st. to-day.
$25,000 — Best - improved - north of Market et. ;
" close to Geary st. and Grant ave. ; 4-
story and basement brick building; 43
feet frontage ; rent $170.
$12,500 — Business property; Howard St., near
Third; four-story building; store and
lodging-house; rent $90r one tenant.
$17,500— Western Addition business property:
stores and flats on best street; 50 foot
lot: this Is a clean investment; rents
$107. "
$15,000 — Sansome-st. corner; wholesale district;
...... 35 feet frontage; rents $135.
$11,000— Modern flats; rents $140; lot 50x137:6;
facing 1 Golden Gate Park.
$8,100— McAllister st. income property: near
¦ Octavia;' 2 frontages; rents . $85 per
' month; lot 27:6x120.
A. M. SPECK & CO..
667 Market street.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
Bargains in Sunset. See them at once:
Sunset Branch Office, 9th ave., near H st.
$500 to $900 each— Graded and sewered: build-
ing up fast; superb view. of park and ocean;
$10 monthly. ' - '. .
! $1CO, $150. $200 to $350— Choicest ocean boule-
vard lots, ready to build oh; $5 monthly.
$75. J1C0 to $250— Level lots near Mission-st.
cars: RDlendld bargains, for choice homes: $5
i monthly. .
I. CHOICEST RICHMOND LOTS.
I $400 to $800— We never fall to suit; on cholc-
: est streets: on very easy terms.
i $1000, $1350. $2GC0 to $3500— Elegant cottages in
Richmond, Sunset and Mission districts;, all
bargains; on installments.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER.
54 Chronicle building.
$11.000— FOR sale, 265 acres of splendid land;
bi(f vineyard, distillery, cooperage; will con-
tain 160 thousand gallons; large wine vaults;
well kept: 3% miles from Sonoma, or at Vlne-
.yard Station, on North Pacific R. R. .
$3000— 22^4 acres of land In San Rafael;
splendid mineral spring; cottage of 4 rooms;
-outhouses for chickens and barns: -a good
' chance for anybody wanting a snap.
i $1500— One acre of rich land in Ocean View,
the beautiful suburb of San Francisco; front-
. Ing on electric car. line; only 25 minutes to
ferry; call and see It.
W. J. HEALT, 630 Market St..
Real Estate and Insurance - Broker.
i McEWEN BROS.
$36CO— This piece of property la south of Mar-
i ket. on Clementina, near 4th; the street is In
basalt,- the building in good order and always
rented ; pays about 1 per cent per month.
' $16C0— A bargain in a cottage, worth $_50;
5 rooms nnd bath; street in good order. . ¦¦ r ,
. JlCCO— May be a good deal less, as the lot has
to be sold: it is on Church st. near 27th, close
to cars; will pay to improve for. rent or make
a home.
$225— Adjoining lots are $300; Anderson et,
near Cortland ;• close to school; a bargain.
.: McEWEN BROS., 118 Montgomery st.
RARE DOWNTOWN CORNER INVESTMENT
1 Block from . Baldwin Hotel Site and Tivoll
. : Theater.
$72,0C0 refused 2 years ago. for this property:
2 stores and 2 lodging-houses; 60 feet frontage;
will pay 6 per cent net on $75,000.
For farther particulars apply to , . '"
. - . A. M. SPECK,
¦ ¦¦¦ ¦ .- - - - . 667 Market street.
$30, COO— INCOME $200 per month: improvements-
. modern; stores and flats; cor. ;,W. A.
$20,000— An elegant residence; cost $30,000; 14
rooms; lot '60x120;: will subdivide. -
• J25.000— Imp. cor.; Powell «t; lot 87x137.
$$750— 3 new flats; rents $85. .
~ $2000— Cottage, " 6 rooms; lot 23x90; Seymour
ave., nr.-. Turk st; part. cash. >. ..
$1100— Lot, G. G. ave.; sunny side; SxllO.
¦ $22,000— California st, nr. Kearny; 52x137.
$S00— Nr. R. R. ave.: 150x200; 12 lots.
• JEROME ENGLISH, 11 Montgomery St.
MODERN home of 9 rooms on Vallejo st. ; lst-
. class neighborhood: will be sold at a bargain.
DAVIS A BIVENS, room 53. 916 Market st. ¦
FOR sflle — Cottage, S rooms and bath: lot 150
:. feet front; terms. Inquire 28th and Alabama.
MODERN six-room homes . In Mission: terms
to suit. ' H, : FE1GE, ; builder, 1024 Capp st.
_ PALMISTRY. '
MRS. WMr__c_ANUS^^
Blue 311, 10 to 5. Residence 731 Guerrero st.
MME. GERMAINE, the business palmist of
the Pacific Coast; 1 to 5. 906 Market st. ¦¦'
H. JEROME FOSSELLI. scientific palmist, 515
Taylor St., bet. Geary and Post; tel. Black 561.
MRS. LAMB, scientific palmist and character
reading; lessons In class and private. 617 Jones.
PEHSONALSy ~,
ABOUT your hair— Any old thing called "hair
tonic" or. "restorer" is not what you want,
but a tonic and- restorative with genuine
merit. The Star Hair Remedy is guaranteed
to restore gray and . faded hair • to natural
color, cure dandruff, stop falling:, grow new
hair; leaves hair soft and silky; at druggists'
and hairdressers'. Do not be persuaded to
j take any other. No trouble about it at our
office, 385-3S7 Geary st.
CALIFORNIA AERIAL NAVIGATION CO.!
successors to Stanley Aerial Navigation Co..
is now building its great ship of the air at
Its shipyard, corner of Fell and Baker sts.;
a limited number of shares for a limited time
is no~> being offered to the public at $2 per
share at its office, 306 Pine st, room 3; call
for particulars.
A— IF your hair is falling or you are bald, call
on DR G. S. MOORE. 488 Gaary st. and you
will not be disappointed; this remedy is posl-
» tlvely guaranteed; preparation ; sent to all
parts of the world: call or send for circular.
SWEDISH worklngman with some means
would like to meet respectable Scandinavian
. workinsr girl; object matrimony. Box 3431,
Call office.
ELECTRIC light In every room— Winchester
hotel. 44 Third St., near Market: 700 rooms;
25c to SI 60 per night: $1 60 to $6 per week;
free "bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
RAG carpets wove to order and for pale, also
chenille-wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer In
carpet twine. In hank or chain, at lowest
rates. GEO. MATTHEWS. 709 Flfth.Oakland.
SI WEEKLY- Suits , to order from genuine
Scotch. »15 up; fine dress suits, *20 up; ele-
gant overcoats. tl3 up. LEON LEMOS. 1117
itarket st. between Seventh and Eighth.
CANCER cured at home by Internal treatment;
no knife, piaFter or pain: book and testi-
monials mailed free. Cancer Institute, 121
West Forty-second st. N. Y.
LA DY or eent who desires to borrow few hun-
dred dollars start business with can, by hav-
ing their lives Insured as security. Address
box 3695, Call office. • ¦
REFINED widow <30) wishes the acquaintance
of a gentleman of. means: object, mntrimonv;
references exchanged. Address box 3436, Call.
MATERNITY Villa— Strictly private:, terms
reaponahle: Infants adonted Into good homes.
MRS. DR. FUNKE. 1416 Eighth St.. Alameda.
GENTLEMAN of 45 desires correspondence
with young lady or widow; object matri-
mony. Address box 3583, Call office.
A— BOHEMIAN Dermatological Institute leads;
hair and facial treatment our specialties.
131 Post st.
LADY going. East desires position as compan-
ion or assistant for ticket en route. Call or
address room 29. The Avandell, 120 Ellis st.
WHITE enamel iron beds, single, three-quarter
or double. $2 2S. EASTERN OUTFITTING
! CO.. 1310-1312 Stockton st. near Broadway.
ARE you gray? Have you dandruff or falling
hair? Consult, free of charge, MRS. E. R.
DUNLAP. 34 Kearny st.
POISON oak cured in one application or no pay;
satisfaction guaranteed. 469 Hayes st.
SUPERFLUOUS l'alr and moles destroyed with
electric needle. MISS EATON. 1119 Sutter st.
MOLES, warts and corns guaranteed taken out
without pain. 24 Fifth ft., room 19.
Ladies' and gents' cast-ofT elbthing bought and
. sold. J. ellverman. 984 Folsom ;tel. Folsom 1191.
TAILOR made suits. 17 50; dress pants. $2 50. j
Misfit Clothlne Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
Dr. Harriet Welch. 2115 Bush: hours 2 to 3, ex-
cept Th. and Sat.; electrolysis; 17 years' exper.
OLD gold, silver, diamonds nnd precious stones
bought. J. R. .TENKEL. 817 Market Et.
MAROTTERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN A CO.. 733 Mkt.
DR. LAMOTTE'S French Corn Paint, the best
corn cure; 2"ic: nil druggists.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 napes, sent to any address In the
United Ftates or Canada one year for $1.
Tinptne* pn'rt.
FHYSICIAJfS AND SURGEONS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL— Office and residence.
1021 Market st. between Sixth and Seventh.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, successfully'
trents all diseases of the human body: see
' testimonials at office. 11S-117 Mason, nr. EUls.
PHYSIOGNOMY.
FREE lectures by Mary O. Stanton. 810 Leav-
enworth— Faces read from the audience; Sun- .
day. 8 o'clock: Thursdays at 3; lessons given.
PILES.
1 NEARLY 1000 permanent cures here In your
midst: many who have suffered 20 to 30 years;
over fifty names of prominent business men
Bent as reference: no chloroform, surgery or
delay •from business, and no salves for sale.
Particulars address Physician, box 1950, Call
office. R. F.-. Cal.
PROPERTY WANTED.
WANTED- A house 7 to 10 rooms; up to date;
west of Van Ness ave.. between McAllister
st. and T'-oadway. Box 3699, Call office.
IlKAL INSTATE CITY — FOU SALES.
MADISON & BURKE, "
Established January, 1855.
Real Estate Agents. *¦
Full Charge Taken of Property.
626 Market st, opposite Palace Hotel.
Geary St., inside Larkin; 50x137:6; partially
improved; only $25,000; cheapest offering on the
street.
Cheap— O'Farrell Bt., near Devisadero; con-
tains 6 rooms and bath and stable; rents $25;
only $2900.
I550C — Broadway, near Octavla St., 7 rooms
and bath; a nice home in choice section; lot
.6x131. .
Two flats; Clinton Park, near Dolores st. ;
«nt $340 per year; price only $3500.
?4500— Twentieth st, near Valencia; 8 rooms
and bath and stable; lot 28x114.
$15,000— Beautiful modern house in the best
part of the marine view section of the city.
$8500— Pays $78 per month; flats; Scott, near
Ellis; 31x137:6. <
$7500 — Seventeenth st., near Dolores; flats; well
rented: 35x57:6.
$2500— Twenty-fifth et., near Sanchez; 6 rooms
and bath. . •
$2500— House and lot; Rondel place, near Six-
teenth and Valencia sts.; 22:2x64; rents $22.
$3000 — Morris ave., near Bryant st. ; double
house; rents $24; lot 25x75.
$4500— Folsom st, near Eighth; 25x90; two
houses at $16- each; total $32. ' . ,
$5000— Post st., near Baker; lot and Improve-
ments; rent $33; lot 25x137:6; muet be sold to
close estate.
$8000 — Natoma St., cor. Russ; elegant income
property; 25x75.
$6500-jPlne St., near Scott; two flats; rents
$67 50; lot 25x137:6.
Laundry building wjth two flowing wells of
Al water, tanks, barn and lot 168x120, on north
line of Lombard St., bet. Flllmore and Steiner;
also lot 152x120 on Chestnut' st, in rear; rents
> $73 per month; must be sold on account of non-
residence.
$4650— Nineteenth St., near Valencia; large
> house in fine cond'Mon; this is a snap.
$10,SOO — Fine vacant property; lot 37:6x90, with
two corners; Taylor and Greenwich sts. ;" Just
the place for a. grocery. ' .
$3600— Cheap; Sixth St., near Brannan; 2 flats;
there is a good future for this property.
$7000— Harriet st, near Howard; lot 50x75,'
holding frontage to Sixth St.; rent $56. ¦ /
• $4000 — Leavenworth st., near Jackson; 8 rooms
and bath; 22:6x115. ,
$19aO— Florida st, near Twenty-fifth; cottage
5 rooms and bath; lot 20x100.
MADISON & BURKE. 626 Market st
___________ _ .
REAL ESTATE AGENTS,
• 112 Montgomery st.
$16.000— Page-Bt. corner; 6 modern improved
flats; rents $1500 per annum.
$8,500—2 flats, 7 and 8 rooms and bath; Clay st
near Devisadero; lot 25x127:8*4; good in-
. come.
$8,500— Page gt., near Broderick; 2 flats; con-
tain 9 and 8 rooms and bath; pays 9 per
cent per annum. I ¦ . . ¦ . •
$7,000 — Two modern improved flats; Fell st.,
near Devisadero; lot 25x137:6; flats con-
> tain 5 and 9 rooms and bath; pays 9 per
cent per annum. . •*
$3,750— New residence of 7 rooms and bath; all
the latest" modern improvements, sani-
tary plumbing, ' etc. ; Portola st, near
Waller. .
$5,250 — Two flats, Broderick' st.,. near Fulton; 5
and 6 rooms and. bath. ¦ ¦ » .¦ .<
$5,000— Van Ness ave. lot: 35 feet frofit; first-
class location for building flats. '
foiOOO— Two flats; rents $45 per month; pays 11
per cent per annum: Oak st, between
• • Pierce and Scott; large lot. 25x137:6.
$3,000— Cottage house of . 7 rooms and bath;
Tremont ave., near Waller st
$2,600— Two flats on Jones st. paying 1 per
i , cent per month; always rented. h~
' $2,000— Cottage house and lot; 60x70; Andovcr
- ft., near Cortland ave. ; large barn, etc
$300— Fifth ave., near Clement st.; lot 25x120;
near electric carline. ¦ ¦ ¦ •• -.-.,.-
A. J. RICH & CO., 112 Montgomery- sti
•TWO .WESTERN ADDITION SNAPS. ,
$5750— A' substantial 9-room residence: saloon
parlors. French range, and etc. ;: Post at, near
In; lot 27x137:6; a small outlay would make into
flats and pay big; see this and make an offer.
$6000— Two pretty modern flats; on sunny side
of street, •close ; to , the park; lot 25x116; pays
$630 per annum.
. Complete list on application.
G. A. TURNER & CO.,
Real Estate and Insurance Brokers,
• 11 "¦ Montgomery : st.
REAL ESTATE CITY FO » SALE.
SHAIXWALD, BUCKBEE A CO.,
HEAL ESTATE AGENTS,
* 218-220 Montgomery Street.
CORNER. NEAR MARKET AND SEVENTH. .
$30,000— Lot 75x125 feet; good lmprovemenu.
renting for $223; for full particular- ca_l
at office.
WESTERN ADDITION FLATS.
J7.C0O— Clay st, near Baker; 3 modern flat*. J
and 7 rooms and bath; lot 37:6 feet
front; a rare chance.
$23. CCO— Splendid business corner; close to City
Hall; transfer point; substantially Im-
proved and in fine condition; rent 1300
. per month; always rented; large lot.
FIFTH STREET. - :V- > ?
$4,000— Lot 25x100 feet, with good Improve-
ments; front and rear house; rents $23;
mortgage $3000 can remain If desired.
— - FINE NEW RESIDENCE.
JS,500— Waller st, near Masonic ave.; lot S5x
137:6 feet; 2 stories; brick foundation;
10 rooms and bath. ;¦- • -
BIG BARGAIN.
$:s. 000— Northeast corner Sixth and Clexnentln*
sts.; lot 25xS0:6 feet; 2 stores with 21
rooms above; rent $160.
LOOK AT THIS TO-DAY. ; - .
$1.850— Cost $4000; bay-window cottage q_ •
rooms; bath' and basement; 3849 Twen-
ty-first street., between Church and
Sanchez; lot 50x114 feet; a great clianc-
to get a house. , ;
MARINE VIBW-BROADWAT.
$14,000— North side of Broadway st, near 1-^
guna; residence of 9 rooms and bath:
lot 32:6x137:6 feet; with unobstructed
marine view.
ELEGANT MARINE VIEW RESIDENCE, 1
PACIFIC HEIGHTS DISTRICT.
$20.000— First floor, living room, finished la
- Spanish cedar. - dining-room in oak,
kitchen and butler's pantry: second
floor, five bedrooms and bath, porcelain
tub; attfc, four bedrooms and bath, un-
finished attic for trunks; basement, floor
- concrete; two finished rooms; laundry,
wine closet, furnace room.
SACRAMENTO-ST. LOT.
$1,500— North line. - near Laurel st ; lot 25x100
feet; street work all done; very good
neighborhood.
PAGE-ST. CORNER.
$16,0CO— New flats: rents $142 50 monthly; a very
good investment;, 6 tenants In all; lot
37:6x112:6 feet; rents are low and can
be Increased.
SANSOME-BT. CORNER.
$15,000— 2-story building; rents $110; a foreclos-
ure sale.
THIS IS A BARGAIN.
$5,500— Northeast corner Central ave. and Clay
st ; lot SOxlOO feet. ¦ • ¦
. ¦ ¦
. '
LOOK AT THIS INVESTMENT.
$22,500— O'Farrell St.. near Hyde; _2 houses:
rents $140; lot 45 feet front; * positive
bargain and must be sold.
— • ,-.;,V
VAN NESS. NEAR PACIFIC.——
• $8500— Van Ness-ave. residence; bargain; lot
alone worth the price: contains 9 room, and
bath; near Pacific ave.: lot 25x100 feet.
A MARINE VIEW RESIDENCE.
$13,500
North side of Vallejo st. between Buchanan
and Webster; lot 40 feet front by 317:6 feet In
depth, with modern residence of 12 rooms and
2 baths; house about 5 years old: Inspection
will prove this to be one of the biggest bar-
gains in marine view homes ever put on the
market: lot and improvements have been ap-
praised by competent brokers at over $15,000.
INVESTMENT— PAYS 14 PER CENT.
$7000— Rents $32 per month; south of Market
St.. between Third and Fourth; call at our
office for full description.
SHAINWALD. BUCKBEE * CO.. •
21S-22O Montgomery st. Mills building-.
WHY in the world do people persist In pay-
Ing rent? There is- no sense In It when
they can buy with their rent money a new
home and save thousands of dollars.
$2650— New 6-room and bath cottage on Hoff-
man ave.; latest design; near Twenty-fourth-
st. electric cars. . .
$1350— House near Crescent ave. and Mission
st ; 4 rooms and bath. :
$750— Only two lots left: fronting the boule-
vard; between J and K sts.; street graded and
ready for building; a splendid place for a ho-
tel; overlooking the ocean; a great future; lots
fronting the lake in Chicago are selling for
$10.C0O.
$750— Level corner lot: Arlington and Mateo
sts.: street graded and sewered.
$730— Cor. K st. and 12th ave.. Sunset district;
25x120: opposite park music stand.
Elmhurst station; acreage ground to sell In
the Alvin Tract; cheap; good for chicken ranch;
also 3-roomed house and 2 lots very cheap.
JACOB HEYMAN & CO..
117 Sutter st
NEW cottage for sale on easy terms: 8- room
house and lot on Mission st. See D. COF-
FIN at dsar store, 29th and Mission sts.
. " 1 — ; z___r~ ~
NEW COLONIAL RESIDENCES
Just. Completed.
On Lyon st, bet. Clay and Washington.
11 Sunny Rooms in Each. -
Hardwood finish: 4 grand mantels; electrio
lighting: tiled bath with hardwood floor; the
very best of plumbing and workmanship
throughout houses: -everything that Is needea
In a modern, first-class residence; see them at
once; open for Inspection, or apply to DAN
EINSTEIN, owner and builder, 117 Sutter st.
FOR sale as a. whole or In subdivisions; 50-
vara lot: south line Union st. : 137:6 feet ea~t
of Pierce. Lot. northeast corner Green and
Pierce sts., 103:6x137:6 feet Inquire ot
CHARLES C. BEMIS, Real Estate Broker.
! 324 Montgomery st. .
SHOTWELL. 924. near 23d— «5-ft. front: warm,
belt; hcuse. 9 rooms and bath; garden: 2-
story stable: 14-foot drive; sun all around.
FOR sale— New cottage 4 rooms, bath, large
basement. . near Union gt. 3023 Pierce st ¦
IF you ' have lots to sell north of the Park.
then call on TV. J. GU.N'N. £30 California at.
' A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
RBJAti ESTATE COUNTRY For Sale
WANTED— To eell the well-known Ocean View-
farm; 40 acres; income, property; beautiful
country home and summer resort combined:
Santa Cruz Mountains; elevation 240O feet; no
fog; erand view of ocean 4 miles —.way; 5
miles from Fulton, 6 from Ben Lomond, 13
from Santa Cruz; splendid house. 7 rooms,
bath, pantry, hard finish; cottage, barn and
outbuildings; fine apple orchard. 4 acres best
table grapes in county. 4 acres prunes. 20
acres fruit all told; walnuts, chestnuts, al-
monds, cherries, peaches, pears, plums, ber-
ries; balance pasture and farming land; near-
ly level; fine water piped all over place; price
$1300. $2500 cash, balance long time, or would!
take br.lanco In bay town property or trade
for good farm In the Eastern States. Address
JAS. KILGORE, Bonny Doon. Cal.
TWO farms of 4S0 acres each can be bought
. separate or In one; all No. 1 farming land; no
waste land: free from drought or overflow; fine
water; three good wells and living water on
each ranch: good one-story dwelling, two
large barns, blacksmith shop and other out-
houses on each place; large shade trees, or-
ange. tre«« in bearing; a few- apple trees, a
fine assortment of ropes and flowers: each
place fenced In three fields: ten miles from
Marysville, two miles from R. R. station, one-
half mile from school; good roads and good
neighbors. For particulars .address W. B.
FILCHER, box 466, Marysville. Yuba Co.. Cal.
FOR rent; only $150 a year; three-acre Improved
. chicken and duck ranch on beautiful Tomalea
Bay, 47 miles from city; grand old cypress
trees, very large and fine: splendid fishing,
boating; hunting and bathiny: llttte-neck hard
clams (finest In the world); good house, larga
duck and chicken houses, granary, etc.; fruit
. and shade trees; % mile from depot, store, ex-
press, telegraph, school, etc. : would make Una
' rummer resort: photographs of place here.
GEORGE H. COVERT (owner). 623 Market st.
THE Mezes Tract at Belmont.
Containing over 500 acres, with many beauti-
ful lots, covered with oaks and other trees
and commanding grand view, within one hour
of the city; in subdivision; price only $75 per
acre and up.
For further particulars address
McAFEE BROTHERS*
103 Montgomery St.. San Francisco.
FINE stock farm of 620 acres near Marysville:
4S0 acres wheat. 13 acres garden, berries and
fruit?, balance summer fallowed; water right
2000. inches of water, goes with place: ditch,
will cover several thousand acres: watar
right alone Is worth price asked for place:
this must be sold to close an estate: prics
$23 an acre. Address box 476, Marysvllle, Cal.
BEAUTIFUL country home for aale— 3>4 acres
of land; 2-story house and outbuildings; 6QO
fruit trees In full bearing: situated In PortoUk
Valley, west of Redwood City; 30 minutes'
- drive from train; * cost owner" over $10,000; any
reasonable offer considered. Address C. D.
HAYWARD, County Assessor. Redwood City,
San Mateo County.
FOR sale — 21 acres, house, barn and chicken
houses: 4 miles from Santa Rosa on main
road; about 300 fruit trees: $1400. Inquire 233
Mississippi st., or Guy E. Crosse, Santa Rosa.
BUY In Napa County: no droughts, no Irriga-
tion, no failure of crops; write as for tre_
copy *'Napa County Vitlculturlst" The W.
A. MACKINDER CO., St Helena. Cal.
10 ACRES: well Improved; house; barn: 4 acres
orchard:- horse; cow: chickens: tools; only
.$1400. Box 3443. Call office.
FOR Menrtoctno County stock ' ranches and
f arms- address W. M. FEERY. U-lah. CaL
POULTRY and dairy ranches for sale; writ* for
free list. C. R; WINFIELP. Petal-ma,' Cal.
For. Additional Classified Advortise-
- "ments See Pago Thirty, -
LOST AA'D FQPjfp.
L ?^ ET ~ A >, p ?" 8 " b0 _ k . Mtn the Hibernia Sav-
ings and Loan Society of San Francispo «n
-¦_-g3S'_^^ggg
I _^^»£fi«__ £g
C^S-_SV* arls G «"o--ded by dla-
tUrn>Pg t0 5 M ° ntgOm -
4 -.. &_? for , man -r«cturing. O. Nolle.
__3e-reler. 248 O'Farrell. bet. Powell and Masom
' MEUICAL. " ~
*f£-<JHL2°? UVrli *' tne •»!"«* specialist
th« Kt^ff^ Of __ rolnra . departs for Eilrope on
aodi™ ?\h S . he 1 " ten(5s to study the moet
_£_• ?h_ 4 -el*n«nc methods and to intro-
m£t «!« me "V 1 to open oa her return the
SSSk^T 0 8anitart «m for the reception of
i-ft*. f5 of women ln &¦ F- In connection
Sti v . * am * a trainIl *S school for nurses
Z5" .*>« inaugurated. A staff of competent
_^??vu ans ; ** ch Pkl »^ «n his own specialty.
Jill likewise be retained. Two years ago on
mt return from Europe Drs. Goodwin revolu-
tionised exieting methods, and her success.
* ' , h ~_" e richl y deserved, has been phenome-
nal- The doctress is a graduate of Q. C's
wcspital, London, and took flrst prize for her
inaugural dissertation on "Midwifery." Dur-
ing her 20 years' practice in California she :
na« gamed the esteem, confidence and respect
of thousands of patients. Best mercantile and
benk references given. Those in need of her '
aid call at 1035 Market Ft., bet. 6th and 7th.
A-RENOWNED specialist; those who desire to
obtain results promptly; I treat ladies onlv:
my regulator has no equal: a'.l classes of fe-
male complaints relieved by treatment su-
perior to all others; the only treatment that
nelps the unfortunate; the most obstinate
cases are Immediately relieved without pain-
no other treatment will do this; the most dif-
ficult cases treated; scientific methods guar-
anteed. DR. G. W. O'DONNELL. 101S Market.
HINDOHERB home treatment; ine most won-
derful, simple, sur* remedies ever known for
Indigestion, tapeworm: neuralgia, leucorrhea
gonorrhea and all troubles of male and female
eexual organs: treat yourself; be your own
Coctor; 4 months' suppository treatment. $4;
maternity home; bust developer; send stamp
tor circulars. 1126 Market St.. B. F.. Cal.
A TREATMENT that is guaranteed to give in-
ftant relief for all. female complaints; the
longest and most-triistlnate cases Immediately
relieved without pain: travelers helped; no
delay: consult free. MRS. DR. KOHL. 1122
Market, bet. Mason and Taylor, opp. Hale's.
DR, AND MRS. DA VIES. 1228 Market, ladles'
specialists; 22 years* practice; all cases treat-
ed by our wonderful herb remedy; a reliable
treatment, aupertor to anyother; positive cure
rtiaranteed at office; patients treated can re-
tnrn same flay; harmless; consultation free.
A POSITIVE cure guaranteed In all female
complaints or money returned: my regulator
never fails: the most obstinate cases relieved
without paln:bert cure; fe<? low; consult free
MRS. DR. ALLEN. 111S Market, nr. Mason.
MRS. DR. WYETH. reliable Fpecialist; 2« yrs.'
FUcccssful practice: guarantee treatment at
office: «ny ailment; home before and during
confinement. 942 Post. bet. Hyde and Larkin.
T. DUFFY'S solution guaranteed to cure all
*Mn dlweates. NW cor.G. G. ave. & Fll'.more.
JIATIUMO.MAL.
GENTLEMEN wishing to marry wealthy ladies
send IQc for latest list. MRS. HERTZ, 706 Ellis
MATTnESSES AND ¦ PILLOWS.
TO order, also cleaned and sterilized, uphol-
stery: Al f-arpet cleaning; honest work guar-
anteed. HOPKE BROS.. 411 and 413 Powell
ft : tel. Bush 421. Factory 318 & 320 11th st.
MONTEZUMA— COPPER— COAL— COKE
MONTEZUM A— COPPER— COA I— COKE.
MONTEZUMA— COPPER— COAL— COKE.
"Why do you advertise Monteruma stock so
xnuchr' is a question frequently asked. We
reply In a nutshell: Because It Is profitable.
And it is profitable only because the stock has
merit. Having merit, we wi6h the public to
know It; and that can be accomplished only
by presenting to them the facts concerning the
great Montezuma Copper and Coal Mines. It
¦was Lincoln who said, "You can fool some of
the people all the time and all the people
some of the time, but you can't fool all the
people all the time." Rest assured that if
Montezuma stock lacked merit all the adver-
tising we might do would not make the hosts
of friends the company has gained In Califor-
nia. The Montezuma mines have been exam-
ined by shareholders, to their entire Eatlsf ac-
tion. It offers safe and profitable Investment,
as is being constantly proven by Interested
persons. Price, 12c cash or 14c Installments
till July 1st. Nothing better at twice the
price. Get prospectus. Our excursion to Se-
attle. July 6th. Round trip, $33, including
first-class deeper. Excursion folder free.
THE AMERICAN GUARANTY & TRUST CO..
Belling Agents, 228 Montgomery St.,
San Francisco.
DIVIDEND paying mining docks at "3c, 5c and
• . 10c per thare; send for prospectus. Pacific
¦ Ptates Mining: and Investment Co.. 326 Post st
" MISCELLANEOUS — FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines, .d-hand machinery. Mc-
- INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont et.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, restaurant and po-
ker tables, barroom chairs, linoleum, new and
second-hand ; we always have a large stock of
Ealoon outfits on hand; 32 complete outfits on
one floor, ready made; we can ship everytning
in 24 hours. J. XOONAS, 1017. 1013. 1021, 1023
Mission 6t. above sixth; write for catalogue.
THOROUGHBRED collies, cocker spaniels.
Greet Danes and Et. Bernard puppies, set-
ters, pointers, fox. Scotch. 6kye. spitz. York-
shire, silver and bull terrier pups. Dachshund
and Japanese pugs at College Kennels. 115
Halght st; phone Page 1472.
FOR -ale — Freak cow with 3 leg*; 3 eagles,
large wildcat, 3 coons, 2 goats, guinea pigs,
fan tail Indicn birds, monkeys, birds and
other show animals at Constable sale, Tues-
day. June 25. 1901, at 2 o'clock p. m., at
Frultvale station. Oakland.
A— NEW 20 h. p. Hercules gasoline mine hoist
with engine combined. California Hydraulic
Engineering and Supply Co.. 17-19 Fremont st
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear, machinery, en-
Blnes. boilers, water pipe*, shaftings, pulleys,
«tc. WHITELAW. 216 Spear et.
THOROUGHBRED runts, white homers, hen
ptgf»ons: iTices reasonable. 2041 Linden st-,
Oakland. . .
A— $3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats, $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters, 230 Kearny et., near Pine,
FINE suits. $10: dress pants, S2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS, 437 Montgomery st
150 YARDS good carpet, lady's bicycle, nearly
new; blankets, pillows. 134 Hayes.
YACHT. 20- foot: cabin, ekiff. complete; $60.
123* Park st.. Alameda.
BICYCLE— High grade, gent's. 1301 model, new,
cheap for cash. Box 2.S3. Call.
•¦RICCA" mandolin: good as new; sweet tone;
$17 EO. Plaza Loan Office. 702 Kearny st
GENTS' black cutaway suits; new; size 87.
Address box A. 106 Eleventh st ¦
LADY'S wheel; first-claw condition. Call at
1027 Laguna et. near Turk.
PAIR of painter's falls; new. 5 Henrietta
square, off Eleventh st. ¦
FOR sale— A New Home sewing machine. 2216
Mission Bt.. near Nineteenth.
KOE SALE— Full bred Gordon setter;, goof'
huntw. 3372 Alabama Bt. . *"•"
2D-HAND machinery all kinds bought, sold,
rented, exchanged. H. S. White. S16 Mission.
NINE rooms and ba_-ment; must be moved;
apply on premise*. 1555 Post »t-
6AFES— New and second-hand; all sizes. THE
WALTZ 6AFE. 1W-111 Market at., San Fran.
$64 MAGIC lantern and moving picture ma-
chlne $37 SO. 108 Montgomery st - •
ONE 4-horee-power Covey engine; one 2H-
horpe-power Hercules; bargain. 810 Kearny.
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento gt.
ENGINES and boiler*; second-hand machinery.
J. BURKE. 139 Beale Bt. . '
FAIRBANKS' 10-ton hay scale; Jeweler's steel
lined ea-e. perfect order. 216 California Et.
GASOLINE engines, 2d-hand. and other ma-
chinery bought and gold. Epstein. 638 Mission.
Gasoline or -UtlHate engines, new & 8d-hand:
*U sizes; guaranteed. NEWELL, 56 Bluxome.
REAL ESTATE— -CITY— FOR 'SALIC.
BALDWIN '&. HOWELL, . V '"'.¦' . : '[<'
.., ¦". '" :.. .. , (y7v- 10 Montgomery Street.
¦ ,. MISSION INVESTMENTS. • :
$8,250— Capp St.* corner; two 2-story buildings,-
¦ .'. consisting of store and three flats: rents j
$69 50; lot 26x100. - . . -. S. . . j
.$6,000 — Church~st., corner; store and rooms;\
tenement above; also house of 7 rooms, I
with stable;. rants $50; lot 49:3x80. * !
$3,600— Church st, corner; store and 2 rooms; |
flat above of. 5 rooms and bath; rents i
$30; lot 31:6x110. ¦ - : ,.' , •. |
$4, E0O— Castro st., .near 18th; i store, ' with 4 '
rooms,- bath, and flat above, 5 ropms
. and bath;, rents $32; lot 23x125.-.
$1,750— Church St., near 26th; store and flat of i
5 rooms; lot 2SxSG. : ¦ . \ *\ !
.J8.0C0— Church st:, corner, near 26th: stores, '
cottage and flats; rents $78 50;. lot Cl:6x
100. ¦ ,v . -. < • . . ; • - -
$2,0CO— Church st., near 26th: 2. tenements of
4 rooms each; rents $18. • •
$2,500— Church. st., northwest corner; hay barn
• and coal yard;. lot 28:6x80. • - -
$3,750 — Cumberland st.,- corner of Dolores: two
flats of 5 and 6 rooms and bath each;
rents $36; lot 25x89.
$5,400— Cumberland St., between Guerrero, Do-
lores; 19th and 20th;. three bay-window
.. flats, 5. 6 and 6 rooms and bath each ;
rents $51.' . ¦ .
$3,100— 15th st, near Market; two flats; rents.
- -¦ -$25; lot 25x100. - '
J5.50O— Guerrero rt, near 14th, two flats of
5- and 6 rooms : and bath each; rents
$36; lot 25x108. ' ¦ / , • .
$2,500— Harrison st.,- near 18th; double '. front-
age; two houses; large lot; rents $35.
$7,000— Howard st, near 16th; two modern bay-
• window flats; also, rear' cottage; lot
25xlC0; rents $600 per year. . V ¦ \-
$12,500 — Howard st, corner;, three-story building
containing store and two flats; rents
$90; lot 25x75. " ¦ .. ¦ ¦ ¦ .
$4,750— Howard st, near 13th; three flats of 5
and .6 rooms and bath each: also rear
; house; rents $45; lot 27:6x114. j
$2,750— Mariposa st., southeast corner Florida; |
store, with 3 rooms and 5-room flat !
above; rents $2G; lot 20:8x75. . \
$3,209— Mission St., near 26th;- store below, flat j
above; rents $20; lot 25x68. j
$2.700 — Natoma St., near 14th: two flats '4 I
¦ . rooms each; rent $23; lot 30x75. ,
$5,500— Nineteenth St., near Guerrero; 3 flats I
of 5 and 6 rooms and bath each; rents I
$52; lot 25x100. *- • •
$8,000— Nineteenth St., near Mission; two |
buildings: three-stor" residence and 2 ,
flats; rents $55; lot t. ..60. , -
$5,600 — San Jose • ave. or Guerrero st, sub- j
stantial improvements; two stores with j
basements; 2 flats above of 5 rooms and i
bath each: rents $54; lot 37x90. j
$3,0CO — San Jose ave., corner; store and" four !
rooms, and fiat of 6 rooms and bath
above; rents $24; lot 20x77.
$8,250— Seventeenth st, corner; store and flat
above; 5 rooms and bath; also two flats
of 4 rooms and bath; rents $74; lot
20x100. . • —
BALDWIN & HOWELL. ' (
10 Montgomery st.
SPECIAL.- —
$3X)to $500— Within easy walking distance of
Union Iron Works; building lots and bust- j
ness corners: for. sale on terms of $50 cash
down, balance in monthly payments of $10; i
Interest 6 per cent; Kansas st, bet - ">en 18th, i
mi and 20th sts., and 19th st. Rhode Island j
and De Haro.sts. These, are the cheapest lots i
• no? in the market and are offered on terms i
fiat are within the reach of all. Buy a lot ;
' ino build yourself a home; immediate pos- :
Evssicn given purchasers upon the payment |
of $50. If y a have a few hundred dollars,
you can build your house and occupy it and
pay the monthly installment on the lot. .
ALSO— '
NEW FLATS. ' : BIG SACRIFICE.
SPLENDID INCOME
ONLY $1500 CASH NEEDED-
Three elegant corner sunny -flats of 5 and 6
rooi • nnd bath each; extra wide frontage;
sun every room; natural wood mantels;
porcelain tubs; nickel-plated plumbing; con-
veniently laid. out. ... . / .
$4500 mortgage at 6 per cent can remain;
rents $64 per month; price $6C00; pays 2 per
cent net per month; convenient to Mission,
Twenty-second and Castro ¦ st. cars. •
Apply for particulars at once to * - ;
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery st.
SUNSET DISTRICT— •
Splendid level building lots on easy terms;
H, I, J, K sts.. Seventh to Twelfth aves.;
building up fast: also our . . ¦
SPLENDID OFFERING. ..
SEE THEM TO-DAY.
Building lots on H st. and Nineteenth' ave. i
boulevard, fronting Golden Gate Park, j
Prices moderate.. ,.. .Terms easy..
Lots level ......'...... Streets macadamized
Official grade. Plank sidewalks
Welsbach gas lamps.... Water and mall service
On car line...'..".... .".On Park entrance
'.Better clars of new homes.......
Branch office at the corner
of H Bt. and Ninth ave.. south of Golden Gate
Park; open every day. Sundays and holidays.
BALDWIN & HOWELL.
10 Montgomery st.'
LYON & HOAG.
. 114 MONTGOMERY STREET.
$3500 — Two bay-window flats, on Colllngwood
st, near 18th and Castro; lot 25x125 feet
$2700 — Handsome new house on Elizabeth st.,
near Douglass, containing 6 large sunny
rooms and all conveniences; bay-windows
front and rear; terms $500 .cash; balance
$25 monthly; one block from 24th-st. cars.
$4000— Four flats on Chestnut St., near Stockton;
lot 40x128 ft: building- is In the . rear of
lot; plenty of room for another house. '
$6000— Three flats on Russ st, near Howard;
rent $57: lot 25x100 ft.
$7500— Four flats on Page st. within 2 blocks of
Market ; \ rents . low. $58 ; lot 25x120 ft. to
rear street. . . .. ' .
$7750 — Rent {85; corner, on 23d st. ; store and 4
fiats.
$4500— Nice modern, residence on Bush st. ; con-
tains 7 rooms and bath; extra high base-
ment. ».
$1800 — Church, near 22d st. ; cottage of S rooms
and bath; lot 25x125.
$2800— Rent $28; 2 flats, 4 and 7 rooms, on Union
st, near Hyde; always rented.
$5500— Fine modern residence . on Scott St., not
tar from Sutter; 8 rooms and bath: pleas-
' - antly situated. . .
$7250— R*nt $67 50; brand-new flats. 6 and 7
. rooms, bath, etc. ; large. lot; Park Pan-
handle district; splendid district; will al-
ways be rented. . ¦¦¦¦¦. -
$7800— Rents $80; Grove st, near Laguna; two
flats of .5 and 6 rooms and bath: also
flats on small street: lot 25x120; double
frontage; great bargain; see it at once.
$9000— Folsom st., near Sixth: rent $76; 3-story
. _ building containing store, flats and rear
tenements.
$7500 — 'Washington st., near Fillmore; fine mod-
¦,*ern residence containing 10 rooms, bath,
..etc.; house in splendid repair; fine loca-
i tion; always rented for $60.
$5000— Pine st.. corner. 27:6x105. with two-story
bay-window residence of 8 rooms and
"bath: this is the biggest j bargain on the
market. ¦'. -'\ .'¦¦'.
$4100— Rent $41; store and two flats; on Fran-
. cisco St.; good building; always rented.
LYON & HOAG, 114 Montgomery st.
VON RHE1N REAL ESTATE CO. (Inc.).
¦IS 613 CALIFORNIA STREET.
.-?¦'-.-. IMPROVED. 1 1
$12,000— Union St., near Taylor; 25:9x128:9; 3
modem flats and rear house; rents $39 50. I
$11. C00— Corner : Folsom and Erie sts.; 30x143; 3
flats: rents $78. ' '¦'. .
$10,C00— O'Farrell St., near Larkln; 25x120 to
rear street: house of 10 rooms. .
$82aO— McAllister st, near Stelner; 26:6x110;
house of 7 rooms and bath. .
$8000— Pacific St., near Powell; 40x60; store
and 3 flats: rents $69." . ¦ '. . . " ,
$7000— Foluom St., nsar Fourth r store and flat;
rents $65; 25x80. : r
$55C0— Buchanan St., near Post; 24x87;8; house
of 7 rooms and bath; rent $35. . • „ .•
$5000— Leavenworth, s near-. Union; 25x112:6; 3
new Hats; rents $11. ¦ : -. . . . -. .
$5000— Corner Leavenworth st. and Broadway;
cottage and 2 flats; rents $41. ,
$5000— Sacramento, near Walnut; 25x100; 2 new
flats: rents $33.
$3750— Pine st, near Buchanan: 25x110: house
of 7 rooms..
$3500— Harriot St.; near. Bryant;. 25x75; S-6tory
building: rents $37. • .
$S500— Lyon, near Sutter; 25x119:3; house of 8
rooms.
$3350— Clementina et.. near Slxth;'2Ox8O; house
of 6 rooms and bath: 'rent $25.- -. - . <
/¦.---•.. - UNIMPROVED. :.'.-;
$5500— Greenwich st, near Taylor, 45:10x137:6.
$5000— Capp, near Twenty-fifth; 65x115. •
:" $4800— Union' St., near .Webster; '63:9x137:6. •
i Corner 19th ave. and Clement: 200x120.
$3500— Fulton St., near Flllmore: 82:6x137:6. ;
! . $8000— Laguna St., near Page: 25x100..
$2500— Corner Thirtieth and Dolores;- 26:6x100.
HAWKS & SKELTON. ¦ "
Rents Collected and Entire Charge Taken
.». - of Property. . r
$3000— Home in Mission warm, belt: San Carlos
eve., near Mission and Twentieth; 7 rrxjms and
bath; street bituminlzed : sidewalk concrete. ¦• !
$4000— Green, close to Hyde-st. cars; nice home
of 7 rooms; fine. view of bay.*. ¦'
$C50O— Inveetment: '* O'Farrell. near' Laguna;
rents $B0: never vaoant;:see us about this. ¦
•$2500— Cottage,- 8 -rooms; '¦ Tennessee- st, ' near
Union Iron Works; rents steadily. $20; : a bar-
gain; Rlsdon Works will soon have 2000 more
men employed, near by. •¦.;' '•;; \ - - r .'
$3000— Lot on south: side Chestnut St., west of
Hyde; 27:6x110: fine view of bay., - - v »• -
: $1600— Cheap ' lot; RuBsell, near,- Hyde and
Union; 49x60; will -pay well if improved;; make
an offer..'. '¦ '" •*- > .- . • " ' ~ "- . ¦' . "
$1500— Lot on north side Fulton, . near First
ave.; facing park; on car line. ' ¦ .- •" . ¦ > :
HAWKS A SKELTON, 823 Montgomery st.
'A CHOICE piece of , businef s - property ; 621
?Washington. st.V near Kearny; $5500; beat'lt
•If you can. Box 3445. Call. v •
ON; EASY MONTHLY PAYMENTS.
New 4-room and attic cottage;. large lot. bath,
basement, plumbing and mantel; near M!s-
'slon-st. cars.. OSCAR HEYMAN,. 14 Post at 1
REAL ESTATE CITY— FOR SALE.
G. H. UMBSEN &¦ CO., 14 Montgomery st.
Real . Estate Agents, . • -¦• -.
$35,000— Choice corner on Van Ness ave., cov-
ered at present with old improvements;-
rents nominal; would pay handsomely if
properly Improved. ¦¦,,,'¦'.-
$35,000— Rents $2700 per annum;.; business prop-
erty on Stockton st, near Vallejo st :
68:8x137:6. • . .. •
$27,000 — Near 4th and Howard sts. ; good im-
provements, yielding at ' present $24S4 per
annum; fronting on 2 streets; bank mort-
gage of $21,000 can remain; 50x156. ¦ '.
$12,0CO— Reduced to' make quick sale; inside
property on Post St., through to rear
street; bank mortgage $4500 can remain.
$10,000— Choice grocery corner on Bush St., con-
sisting of store , and ¦ flat; this includes
-the stock, fixtures and good will; •
$8,500— Rents $984 per annum; a desirable cor-
ner In Potrero; Improvements consist of 9
tenements; 60x100, irr.
$6,700— Rents $660 per annum: Oak et., facing
the park : 2 new flats of 6-7 rooms and
'bath each. . ¦ . , '. . '.
$$, 600— Rents $732 per annum; Stockton st,
near California St.; 3 bay-window flats
of 8-5-4 rooms and bath each.
$5,750— Reduced from $6500; Clayton St.; choice
new residence of 11 rooms and bath; 25x
112:6; must be sold as owner leaves the
' city. •
$5,750— Rents $612 per annum: Scott St., near
Halght st. ; 2 ¦ bay-window flats of 5-6
rooms and bath each. .'
{4,000 — Rents $432 per annum; Tehama st., near
- 1st; improvements consist of 4 tenements;
always rented; 25x75.
$3,500 — Rents $4S0 per annum; near 9th and
Harrison sts. : 4 tenements; 24x86.
$3,500 — Rents $3£0 per annum; Rausch st. ; 2
gn O d houses, 6 rooms and bath each; 25
xll2.
$2,800— Grocery store property; near 18th and
Mission sts.; store and 4 rooms and flat
of 5 rooms: rent $25; must be sold to
close an estate.
Choice . list of buildln? lots in all Darts of
the city. Call and obtain one of our "Real
Estate Records," containing a l!st of prop-
erties for sale In all portions of the city. . Lat-
est pocket map of San Francisco,. 25c.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. s*
14 Montcomery St.,
Real Estate Agents.
BOVEE. TOY & SONNTAG,
REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
-Houses Rented, Rents .Collected and Full
Charge Taken of Property.
624 MARKET STREET.
$40,000— Large corner on Geary st., near Tay-
lor; frame Improvements;' pays 6 per cent net;
let 56x62:6 feet.
$25,000 — 4 new flats on Leavenworth st, near
Pine: lot 42:6x115 feet; rents $217 per month.
$25,000— Geary gt.,' downtown corner; goodi»3-
story building: rented to one tenant for $125
per month, which can be increased.
$18.000— Choice residence on Gough st., near
Sutter; 15 rooms and bath; in first-class condi-
tion: lot 57:6x137:6 feet.
$16,000— Geary St., not far from Taylor; 23 feet
frontage; if property was Improvbd would pay
well on the Investment.
$8500—3 choice flats on Jackson st, near Brod-
erick; 6, 7, 8 rooms and bath each; rents $80 per
month; lot 26x127 :S>4 feet.
$8000 — Stylish pair of flats of 6 and 7 rooms
and bath each; building but 8 months old; all
the latest appliances; fine mantel; porcelain
tubs; electric gas fixtures; bedrooms finished in
solid oak; lot 25x127:6 feet; rents $70 per month;
near Park Panhandle. . ; ' _,
$6700 — Nice residence of 9 rooms and bath, on
Leavenworth st., near Washinrton; rents $45
per month; first-class condition.
$6500— Nice residence of 8 rooms _n_ bath, on
Scott St.. opposite Duboce Park.
$50C0— 22d et.. near Guerrero: 3 rr.&_«rn flats;
rents $53 per month.
$4300;— Store and 4 flats on 7th St., near Fol-
som: rents $39 per month.
$2800— Shipley St., near 4th: 3 flats of 4 and 5
rooms and bath each: rents $33 per month.
¦ $1800 — Modern cottage of 4 rooms ' and bath :
large basement and cement foundation; lot 25x
120 feet: on 5th ave., near Point Lobos ave.
$750— Choice lot on California St., near 9th
ave.; size 25x120 feet. *
Further particulars of
BOVEE, TOY & SONNTAG.
GET MARRIED AND BUY A HOME.
$4000 each— 2 new houses; 7 rooms and bath;
everything up to date; big lot: Castro, not far
from Market St.; will be finished In 2 weeks.
$5350—4 fiats; almost new; rent $48; good big
lot, near Market and Sixth sts.; what a bar-
gain.
$2600 — House of 7 rooms and bath; sunny side
of street; 25x75; near Third st; any one's
bargain. -\
$26,CO0— Five elegant flats; Sutter st. ; down
town; rent $175; lot 33:6x137:6.
$3500— House of 10 r. and b., with large cor-
ner saloon: Twentieth and Illinois sts.;' cost
$3500 to build; good for boarding-house.
$6000— Four flats on O'Farrell st. : rent $60;
lot has two fronts; a snap; call and see it.
$3000— House, . 9 rooms and bath; stable for
six horses;, lot 50x134; mortgage of $2100 can re-
main; buy, now is your time.
$1500— House of 11 rooms and bath; lot 27:6x
137:6; would, bring rent $100; Geary, near
Gough st.
$8500 — Corner lot. 55x80; 3. stores, 3 flats; rent
$S0; building good as new.
$3S0O— House, 7 rooms and bath; lot 25x119;
Western Addition; must be sold.
W. J. HEALY, Real Estate and Insurance
Broker, 630 Market st, opp. Palace Hotel.
A. E. BUCKINGHAM Real Estate
26 Montgomery st Room 11.
$1S,000 — 75 ft. on Mission st. and lmpts. for
factory; rents $112; bargain.
$4850— Stylish new flats, 4 and 5 rooms; every
room sunny; rents $40; on Twenty-third St.
$2700— House, S rooms, bath, etc.; sunny lot,
30x99:4 feet; near Sixteenth and Mission; suit-
able for 3 flats; splendid bargain.
$12,500 — Stylish new flats; Hayes st. ; fine lo-
cation; rents ?115.
PARK LOTS— $500 AND UPWARD.
5825 Lots— Sunset Heights— Lots $855.
On installments; Eleventh ave,, between II
and I sts., neat entrance Park music stand;
cars pass property.
$3000 Houses— Easy terms— Houses, $3250; on
above block, ¦ 6 and 7 rooms, bath, etc.; plans
at office.
A. E. HUCKINGHAM, 26 Montgomery St.,
room 11; bianch office, Sunset, 1215 Ninth ave.
RAYMOND, BALDWIN & CO.. ~ ~~
Room 2. Seventh Floor, i Mills Building. ¦
$150,000 — Fine warehouse property near water
front, with 'railroad tracks alongside;
• unusually large piece of land; a prop-
erty with a great future; now under*
lease. I
$25,000— Hayes-st. business property; offer
wanted; rents $2052; stores and flats
and large lot; 2 frontages.
$11,000— Unparalleled investment; rents $1224
per annum; 2 houses and 2 flats; bay-
windows; brick foundation, etc.; very
sunny: 55x137:6; Western Addition^
$10,000— Presidio Heights; corner lot. 50x146:2;
commands unsurpassed marine views
that cannot^be cut off.
$3,250— Rents $552 per, 1 annum; best bargain of
its kind on the market: store and fiats
and lot near Third and Brannan sts. ;
good Improvements.
$1,000 and upward— Mission warm belt; build-.
Ing lots 25 and 30x114; handy to several
lines of cars; nice location.
RAYMOND. BALDWIN & CO., Mills Bldg.
W. F. AMBROSE & CO., ~ — —
Real Estate Brokers.
Rooms 41 and 42, Chronicle building.
MANUFACTURING CENTER. ¦
Brick improvements and lot; Beale st, near
Market. :. ¦ .
WHOLESALE DISTRICT. '
Howard st, near Second; frame buildings;
always rented.
FORCED SALE.
Western Addition flats; 5 and 6 rooms and
bath; 25x137:6; rents $55 per month.
EXECUTOR'S SALE.
$750 cash— Modern cottage; I 4 rooms and
bath; hiph basement; 25x101; bank mortgage
of $750 can remain. . ;
LONG LIST OF CHEAP LOTS.
¦ , W. F. AMBROSE & CO..
Rooms 41 and 42, Chronicle building. I
A. E. BUCKINGHAM........ Real Estate
26 - Montgomery st Room 11.
$18,000—75 ft. on. Mission st. and impts. for
factory ; rents i $112 ; bargain.
$4S50--Stylish new. flats, 4 and 6 rooms:
every room sunny; rents -$40; on Twenty-
third St
$2700— House, 8 rooms, bath, etc.; sunny lot,
30x99:4 feet; near Sixteenth and Mission; suit-
able for 3 flats; splendid bargain.
a $12,500— Stylish new flats; Hayes st. ; fine lo-
cation; rents $115.
/ PARK ,LOT8-?500 AND UPWARD.
$825 Lots— Sunset Heights— Lots $855. .
On installments; Eleventh ave.! between H
. and I sts., near entrance. Park music stand;
cars pass property..' .'¦¦' • ,¦ "*%
$3000 Houses— Easy terms— Houses, $3250 ; I on
above block, 6 and 7 rooms, bath, etc.; plans
at office. ¦ ' - - ¦ . -. v .." " ¦
A E BUCKINGHAM. .26 Montgomery St.,
room 11; branch office, Sunset, 1215 Ninth ave.
JOHN PFORR. 403 Fine st, near Montgomery.
$1800— Rent $408 per annum; 2 fine flats; north
side of Folsom at. near Fourth.
$g5f)0— Rent ?84O per annum; a fine bargain
on Stockton et. : brick; never vacant. . . :
$7500— Rent $720 per annum; a bargain;" on
Devieadero st. ; ' a 3-flat ¦ house.
$10.000— A bargain on Eddy, st, near Scott;
lot 100 feet front by 82:6 deep, with 5 cottages.
$11,000— Rent $1488 per annum; a corner in a
manufacturing part of the city; nothing like it.
FOR- sale— Bargain;- handsome ll-room resi-
dence, half block from car, line; healthy lo-
v cation; south front; garden, improved with
flowers and plants: splendid view over. the city
and bay. Box 3425, Call office. • •¦
FOR sale— Lot 25x112 ft. with - front . and rear
j house; good paying property. Apply to owner
, on premises, 61 Rausch st. .
$2750— A ¦ CHOICE home ; 6 rooms and bath : 1 328
Buena Vista ave..-' fronting Buena Vista Park,
' with ' a grand i and . unobstructed', view ; of ' the
city and bay; terms," % cash, balance on time;
must be seen to be appreciated." Owner.
MISCELLAJVEOPS FOR SALE— Con.
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern engines and
boilers bought and sold. KROGH MFG. CO.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving plc-
tures. BOLLARD & BRECK. 131 Post st
AVE pay big prices for sealskins. Portland
Loan Office. 25 Stockton st •
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
WANTED— Drug business In town 300<Ppopu-
lation up; $3000 to $4000 to Invest. Address
box 3581. Call office.
WANTED— Gasoline marine engine, two-cycle,
V.i to 2 HP.; state price. Address 425 Park
ave.. East Oakland.
PALZA LOAN OFFICE pays highest prices
for diamonds and jewelry; confidential. 702
Kearny st.
NT 5 D ~ To buy a second-hand billiard ta-
ble. Box 36S8. Call office.
A. KLEIN still pays the best price for clothing,
bric-a-brac, etc. 109 6th; phone Folsom 1094.
TILTON wants 2nd-hand clothing, especially
skirts, street dresses. 154 9th: tel. Folsom 2522
MOXEY TO LOAN.
A— MONEY to loan at rates which~peopTe^can
afford to pay on furniture, pianos, etc; do :
not borrow of your friends or you will lose
their friendship; do business with stranger*
and you will be better satisfied; no delay; no
publicity. ¦ Rooms 9 and 10, v 906 Market et.
IF YOUR PROPERTY ~ ~^ ~
'IS MORTGAGED
and you need more money, see H. MURPHY,
630 Market st. Loans on estates in probate,
undivided Interests In estates, second mort-
gages, etc. «
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent; flm.
second mortgages, estates in probate, interest
In estates, legacies, corporation loans, chattel
mortgages and securities. Room 16, 1st floor.
Chronicle building. HALLORAN & OLSEX.
ANT amount at 6%; flrst. 2d and 3d mortgages,
undivided interest, real estate In probate;
mortgages and legacies bought; no delay; get
my terms before doing business elsewhere. R.
McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery St.. room 3.
HIGHLY respectable, private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry at low- |
est -rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 946 Market
St.; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third et.
MOST reliable plac« to borrow on dlamonis.
watches^ lewelry.W. J. HESTHAL. 10 Sixth;
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc.. by private
party; no removal; no commission: confiden-
tial. Room 3. Conservatory bldg., 301 Jones.
ON furniture, pianos; no removal; money
quick; lowest interest: easy terms; no broker-
age; reliable party. 1170 Market St.. room 6S.
DEAL direct: furniture, pianos; no removal;
low rate;strlctly. private. Lick. 116 McAllister.
ONE per cent on furniture: $5 a month on each
$1000: any security. 302 Montgomery St.. r. 1.
3% on furniture and pianos; $15 up; no removal;
no commission; private. Room 81, 6 Eddy st.
ON salaries or wajres : no indorser required. S.
F. DISCOUNT AGENCY. U1 Phelan building.
MONF-Y loaned salaried people without security.
HILL. rm. 44. Merchants' Ex., 431 California.
LOANS money on salary: no indorser; Eastern
plan. Western Lean Co., 309 Phelan bldg.
$109,000 TO losn on real estate or for building;
low rate. . 222 Eansome st. room 2.
THE Tousley Company; loans and discounts.
321 Parrot building.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
indorser. MORRELL. 609 Examiner building.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
"WILEY B. ALLEN CO. ...High Grade Pianos
Steck, Everett. Ludwig. Packard, Hardman,
Conover, Harrington, Straube, Kingsbury,
Jewett. Smith & Barnes. We control the sale
of the above makes of pianos for the entire
Pacific Coast. We are a new concern here
and will turn the country upside down if
necessary in order to get business, and lots of
It.
See us or write to us. Prices low. Terms
liberal.
THE WILEY B. ALLEN CO., 933 Market
st.. San Francisco.
Branch 951 Broadway. Oakland.
TO close out a line of styles we will sell you
a fine new upright for $250; regular price
$375; you can pay by the month If desired;
we have the most complete facilities for re-
pairing your old piano; can make it as good
as new if you are willing, and It won't cost
you more than it's worth: let us make you
an estimate; we are agents for the Decker &
Sen, which is the origlnel old and only
Decker piano. The ZENO MAUVAIS MUSIC
CO., 769 Market st. ,
ALL pianos purchased of SHERMAN. CLAY
& CO. may. be exchanged for a new Steinway
upright or baby grand piano any time wtthin
3 years from date of -purchase, and have full
price allowed. New i upright pianos. $6 per
month; some good pianos 6old for $3, $4 and
(5 per month. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO..
Steinway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
sts.. San Francisco: corner Broadway and
Thirteenth et, Oakland.
REMOVAL of KEEFFE'S piano store from
Market st. to our large and elegant quarters,
314 Post st., opposite Union square. Are now
prepared to offer several new makes and all
of our old stock at greatly reduced prices.
JAS. KEEFFE. 314 Post St., between Stock-
ton and Powell.
ANY Diano sold by us taken back any time
¦within 3 years and full purchase price al-
lowed on a new peerless Knabe at regular
price; costs you only 20c a day to buy a
piano from us. KOHLER & CHASE, 30
O'Farrell st; .established 1850.
A LIST of fine second-hand bargains — 1 Emer-
son, 1 Hallet & Davis, 1 Conover. 1 Curtaz, 1
Sterling, $75, $125. $145. etc.; easy payments.
BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. 16 O'Farrell St..
Chickering. Vose, Sterling Agency; also
Apollo, king of self-players.
ALL makes: great bargain; $50 up; rents $2
up allowed; we want agents; pianos furnished
free; you get first money when you sell.
HEINE PIANO CO., 217 Geary st.
SAXAPHONE that "cost $130 for $30; 2 fine gui-
tars, 2 violins, one banjo, really worth $30
apiece, your choice for X days only, $10; I
am retiring. UNCLE HARRIS.
BARGAINS— Haines, J290; Kramer. $135: Nleu-
mann. $140: Cable, $175. W. C. HAMILTON,
8 Flood buildinz.
BARGAINS— Fischer, Weber. Manner, Nugent,
Hallet & Davis; easy payments. SCHMITZ,
16 McAllister St.
LEFT on sale. . Chickering upright like new,
$1S5. Room 38, 217 Geary st.
A SPLENDID Steinway; uprights $100; pianos
rented $2 upward. BRUENN, 208 Post st.
$80 — FINE upright: baby grand Steinway: other
makes. FAY'S Piano Factory. 1729 Mission.
A LARGE lot of second-hand upright pianos
for sale chear>. HORNUNG'S, 216 McAllister.
NEW works put in your old piano. BYRON
MAtTZY'S Factory. 208 Poet st.
LARGE 3-pedal upright piano; absolute, sacri-
fice;. leaving city. 127 Hyde st., near Turk.
LUDWIG pianos the most popular. WILEY B.
ALLEN CO.. general agents. 933 Market st.
$3 PER month rents a beautiful piano. SCOTT-
CURT A Z PIANO CO., 560 Hayes st.
$117— MAHOGANY case Fischer upright. 217
Geary St.. room 38.
A FINE upright piano for sale cheap. 837 Mc-
Alllster st.
AT WILSON'S STORAGE. 1706 Market st.. you
can get storage pianos almost for a song.
SUPKRIOR. violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLKR. maker, repairer. 2 Lxth^m nl»oe.
" MUSIC~DOXES^ —
MUSIC BOXES— Paul Monaco, expert, and the
best repairer and maker on the coast for 15
years; fine Swiss an*! American music boxes
a specialty. 769 Market St.. bet. 3d and 4th.
south side: thoroughly understands his busi-
ness and th» ri-ht narty to deal with.
OFFICES AND STORES TO LET.
GEARY, 295, cor. Powell— A nice sunny suite of
rooms suitable for physician or dentist; rea-
sonable.
FINE glass-front store, 4 rooms and large yard;
best of condition; rent $26. 442 Sixth st
EMMA SPRECKELS building, 927 Market St.—
Sunny offices, $15 to $20; usual services. ' <
STORE, fixtures and living rooms. 104| Guer-
rero, near Twenty-third. , \
OIL. |~ ~~~
"r * * —¦¦"——¦» ~— —.-¦¦> — ¦ . - - .—.-..—..._..
>CALISTOGA Oil and Development Company.
. operating on 2120 acres of oil land In nine
[' districts. Office, 23 and 24 Merchants' Ex.
FOR SALE— 8500 shares of the Three States
Oil Co. at 2c per share; also 300 shares of
Bonanza King of Oil City, cheap. Address
box 3422, Call office. .
COSTA RICA— Last chance at 10c; big advance
in a few days. Pacific States Mining and
Investment Co.. 326 Post. Open evenings.
OIL tanks. * second hand. In good order; . all
sizes; cheap. H. S. WHITE. 616 Mission st.
~ . OIL LANDS.
OFFER wanted for 20 acres patented land; sec.
13-29-28, Kern Co. J. S. MYERS, 1002 Broad-
. way, Oakland. •
PAINTERS AND DECORATORS.
PAPER-HANGING, house painting; good rell-
able work. Clark's. 808 Larkln: tel. Larkln 1060
WE paper parlor* ° or rooms from $3 up; paint-
| ing done. SIS Third Bt Hartman Paint Co.The regular monthly meeting of the
Park Commissioners, which was to hava
been held yesterday afternoon, was post
poned on account of there- being no Quo
rum i present. The meeting will be held
next week on some day yet to be decided
UvCDr ......-_ - - — ~~~*
Meeting Postponed.
The Mall steamship China arrived from
the Orient after sundown last night and
anchored off the quarantine station. Sha
probably will dock this morning.
Captain Chris Lass, the well known ship
owner. Is up from his Santa Clara ranch
for a chat with the boys. He was goir.s
to take a sail to Capitola yesterday, but
it blew too fresh, so he remained ashore.
The collier San Mateo is coming hera
from Port Angeles to go on the Union
Iron Works dry dock for an overhauling.
While pulling down a wooden house on
the front yesterday John Costello of 331
Vienna street got his skull fractured by
a falling timber. At the Harbor Hospital
he refused to allow Dr. Annlstead to dres3
the wound or do anything for him. An
hour later his relatives telephoned in a
hurry to the hospital for a doctor. The
fracture was a serious one and Costello
may die. . «*H3f'
Of the cod fishing fleet the barkentina
Fremont had 26,000 fish on May 19 anil
the schooner Winchester left Unga on
June 2 with a good catch.
Advices received by the Merchants* Ex
change state that on May 29 the following
vessels of the cannery fleet were In port
at Bristol Bay:, Indiana, Guy C. Goss,
Solano. John Currier, Two Brothers, J.
M. Weatherwax and Occidental.
"Water Front Notes.
The "officer of- the day" on the battle
ship "Wisconsin caused a number of boys
to be very much disappointed yesterday.
Mrs. Peterson asked Captain Reiter for
permission to show the choir boys of St.
Peter's Church and me Good Samaritan
Mission over the battleship, and it was
granted. The boys gathered at the foot of
Folsom-street and were sent out in
launches, but when they got alongside the
officer of the day refused to allow them.
on board. Of course there was some mis
understanding, but that did not lighten
the disappointment of the boys. Mrs.
Peterson had a nice lunch for them, how
ever, and that compensated In a manner
for their failure to see the battleship.
Chief Master at Arms Carmody of tha
Oregon was the cause of much profanity
on that vessel for a couple of days. Nearly
all the men are "time expired," and last
Thursday thirteen of them arranged to
go East. They gave their railroad .ticket*
to Carmody and he came ashore to attend
to their baggage and other matters. Tha
last seen of the master at arms was when
he went into a saloon on the front to have
a drink. After waiting two days the men
went to the ticket office and the agent at
once canceled the old tickets and issued
new ones, so the men got away for home
yesterday. Carmody is still among the
missing and some of his friends think he
may have been shanghaied on an outgoing
merchantman.
Tho battleship Iowa sailed for Puget
Sound yesterday. It was blowing fifty
six miles an hour from the northwest at
Point Reyes about the time the warship
went out, so the crew can expect a lively
and wet time of it on the run to Flattery.
The Iowa is going north for target prac
tice.
News From the Battleships.
GRAND HOTEL.
R Arnold & w, P Alto
J T Allen. Sacto .
F. M. Shaw. Col
F J Albrecht. Chicago
W Kelly, San Jose
N Harris, San Jose
F F Mclntyre &w. Cal
J W Lemon. Oakland
W H Bumpos, Tenn
J V? McBrtde'&v, S L
C H Peabody &w, S L
Mrs R H Thompson,
Seattle
C Echenlgll & w, Colo
W H Nichols. Ctlnd
A Andrews & w, St L
H J McLaughlln. Cal
R W Kemp. L A
S A Kennedy. Ind
E A Spencer. LA'
J C Antram. Syracuse
F D Vanderlip. Fresno
J A Henjum. Minn
Al Riley, Fresno
H D Breene. Iowa City
W M Davis. Iowa City
B F Williams. L. Gatos
W J White & w. Cal
H L Davis. Oakland
D Gisrauwain, Jackson
W F Knox. Sacto
W V Maey. Chicago
C H Blenner & family,
Sacto
J A Harney &w, Sacto
Mrs M Schell. K City
Miss K Schell. K City
Miss I Schell, K City
S Park & w. Milpltas
F Shay, Oakland
W Tormey, Vallejo
M D Crawley, LA <
Ida Fullagan. S Jos*
F O Wilkinson. L A
W B Kelley, Cal
Dr E Cohn, Napa. -- .""
I J Roper, S Jose
Fred Marion, Colfax
S T »"^ at^ lns - Detroit
H W Earle. Stockton
CR Heath. Vallejo
Miss M L Heath. Val
C E Furgason & fam,
Los Anseles
R Vestal. Red Bluff
Miss C M Diehl.S B *
Mrs M Williams, S B
Mrs H Ichleberger,
Minneapolis
PALACE HOTEL.
T JLesher, Mich
Mrs C H Harnahan,
" Denver
J Crocker & w, Cal
R Thew, Cleveland
C A Ferrin, Cleveland
D J Bronnenstein, L. A
Mrs H H Osborn. Chic
W J Wiley. Palo Alto
J McGeehrln, N Y
E Cady. Hartford
M B Preston. Hartford
C J Noyes, Boston *
C Monroe, Los ' Ang
M A Smith, Tucson
W B Wightman, L A
F E Holliday. Phila
Dr W A Hendry & w. I
Ix>s Angeles
B F Brooks, Bkrsfleld
J H Hoffman. N Y
W L Stuart, Los Ang
D B Smith. Portland
W Gottsteln & w. Seat
P B- Reilly, Plttsburg
A Frowein, Germany
L E Beyer, Berlin
Miss A Jones, Duluth
Miss A Barrett, Stanfd
A Poniatowaki, Bur
lingame
A B Ryker, X T <--"
W L Boatleman, N T
G E Babcock & w,
Coronado
J Brlllman, N T
A Longlni, Baltimore
Miss • Barstow. Cal
M J Maloney, Mo
Mrs L Merrill, Texas
L L Haskell, Texas
A H Sabin, N Y
J E Krcmb & w, Ala
J a Clark. N Y
A Goldschmldt, Paris
J Goldschmidt. Paris
S H McKHntock & w,
Chicago
R W Sanf ord. Boston
H A Keller. Phlla
R Baum, Germany
Mrs O. B Carter, Oak
J Shaffer, Denver
L A Tucker & fm. Oak
G L Green & w. San B
P Woldemar, N Y
G W Roberts. Seattle
B W Clark, Los Ang
Win Gilbert, Cal
J. F Wait, Richmond
J M Nettleton. Seattle
H B Schoemaker. Seat
M T Miller. Sacto
G C Barkhurst; San J
James Burke, Cal
Walter Conehand &
brother, Oaiden
Max Murst. Honolulu
S K Taylor & f m, Colo
A W Moulton. Los An
- _ — . __
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
HOTEL ABBIVAI^.
At the meeting of the joint 9th ci
September celebration committee of the
Native Sons of the Golden "West last night
in the Native Sons' building a letter was
received from St. Helena Parlor asking
that some of the San Francisco parlor3
visit St. Helena to take part in taa
Fourth of July celebration to be held
there by the Native Sons and Knights of
Pythias. This was referred to the local
parlors.
Chairman Dockery announced the fol
lowing standing committees:
Advertising and publicity— J. T. Donohne, T.
P. Martin. John Nelaon, James Ellson. Georga
W. Kortz. .
Parade— H. I. Mulcreavy, R. D. Barton. EJ
D. Crowley. H. Ansbro, John W. Lewis.
Transportation— J. B. Keenan, W. N. Brunt,
T. J. Comny, J. E. McElroy.
Finance — L. K. Bylngton. I>. "W. I>oody, J.
R. Knowland, Andrew Hardenberg. J. I* Gal
lagher.
Hotel and accommodation— C. I* ButI*. Fred
N. Nugent. P. A. Bill, Thomas E. Curraa. Ji.
P. Hailinan.
Music— E. Lastreto. H. S. ©unzberser. James
Handler. E- R. "Wilson, J. E. Cone.
Printing— A. Mocker, L. C. Pi3tole«i, W. J.
Donlon. F. W. Payne, George Hans.
Grand Trustees George D. Radcliffe and- 17.
D. Warner signified by letter their intentlos to
do all In their power to assist the general com
mittee.
E. Lastreto stated that the representa
tives of the San Jose parlors had visite-1
the parlors in Santa Cruz, Watsonville,
Salinas and other localities south of San
Jose to ask them to take part in the cele
bration. He stated further that the San
Jose committee had already secured sub
scriptions amounting to more than $3300.
The committee adjourned to the call oC
the chair.
NINTH OF SEPTEMBER
OilLEBEATION" NOTES
¦¦ '
President IJockery Names the Com
mittees for the Big San Jose
Festival.
The duty of receiving the thousands of
Epworth League delegates -who will pour
Into San Francisco in the few days pre
vious to the beginning of. the great con
vention is to be looked after by a general
reception committee. This committee will
consist of about forty members of the Ep
¦worth League, Christian Endeavor soci
eties and Baptist Toune People's unions,
who will be carefully selected for thosa
offices which will devolve upon them to
perform. A sub-committee consisting of
several hundred young people will act aa
aids and look after details connected with
this immense labor.
As soon as the visitors arrive their
wants will be consulted and they will
then be guided about the city by members
of the ¦ reception committee. In addition
to what will be done in San Francisco,
"train sections'* are to be orsanized in
Sacramento, Fresno and San Jose to board
the incoming trains and get acquainted so
far as possible with the desires of the
delegates and then to wire on to this city
so that preparations may be made accord-
Throughout the convention the memb«r»
of the committee will bo constantly oa
hand to act as guides and give needed in
formation. These young people, who will
be of so much benefit to the guests, are
to be designated by white caps surround
ed with red bands, dft"which some appro*
priate device will be printed.
How to hold the meetings so that all
who may desire can hear some of the pop
ular speakers" is a matter which is oar.
fling the members of the ' arrangement*
committee. No hall in the city can hold
anywhere near the number of people who
will throng to hear some of the addresses
and efforts have been made to arrange
the exercises so that events of eaual in
terest may take place in different halls si
multaneously.
The buildings that will be used as meet-
Ing places' are the Mechanics' Pavilion,
Alhambra Theater, Metropolitan Temple
and different churches. One open air
meeting will take place in City Hal',
square on July 18, and at least one more
will be held in some other place where a
large crowd may be accommodated.
The programme of addresses and other
exercises to be held during the convention
is now practically- completed, and Dr.
Beard states that as soon as the finances
are in proper shape everything: will be
ready for the rush of delegates.
Meeting Places Are Chosan
and the , Programme Is
Arranged.
Uniformed Guides Are
to Meet Guests at
Stations.
PLAN RECEPTION
FOR DELEGATES
THE SAN FRANGISCO^GALt;, SUNDAYj JUNE 23, 1901.
30
ROSS VALLEY HEAL ESTATE.
BOSS Valley borne, VA acres; bearing orchard;
modern house, 10 rooms; 6 minutes' walk from
Ross station; very cheap. J. TUNSTEAD.
San Anselmo. : r
„ . REAL ESTATE TO EICHAXGE.
TO exchange for clear ranch In coast or north-
. ern counties — A 16-room business corner build-
ing; bake house; four cottages; large corner
lot located In Southern California: rive full
particulars. Address box 2258, Call. Oakland.
REAL. ESTATE WASTED.
WANTED— To rent, a small Improved ranch;
neighborhood of Santa Cruz preferred j- cash
rent Address F. WALKER. Santa Crus P.
P.. Cal.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
AHMEDA REAL ESTATE.
$650— COTTAGE of 4 rooms; lot 25x100.
S1000— Cottage of 4 rooms; lot 27:6x123.
tllOO— Cottage of 8 rooms; lot 25x150.
$1500— Cottage of 6 rooms; lot 50x150.
$1600— 2-«tory houee of 8 rooms; lot 25x107.
$1300 — 2-story house of 7 rooms; windmill,
etc.: lot 50x150.
¦ $2200— 2-siory house of 7 rooms: lot 87:6x120.
12700— Modern cottage Of 6/rooms; lot 50xl4S;
Bear Morton station.
$4250— Modern cottage of 7 rooms; stable,
etc: ocrner; on Central ave.
tlSOO— Lot on Union st., near Central ave.
teoo— Lot near Morton station.
ALL NEAR SCHOOLS AND STATIONS.
Bargains In unimproved lots.
Furnished and unfurnished houses for rent.
Agency New Zealand, British America, Citi-
zens' and London Assurance Companies.
CHARLES ADAMS & CO..
Bay Station. Alameda.
PURCHASE a home In Alameda from the
ALAMEDA LAND COMPANT.
Or*at Bargains Offered. Prooertles Sacrificed.
$1500—5 rooms and bath; lot 30x125.
$2000— 6 rooms and bath; lot 60x145.
$2500—4 rooms and bath (new); all modern
improvements; snap.
$2500— 6-room, 1^-story Colonial cottage; large
lot: foreclosure.
$3250—8 rooms and bath; great bargain; lot
40x207: xrlndmlll; must b« sold.
$4500—11 rooms and bath; lot 60x110; Clinton
ave.: cost $9000.
$6000— An elegant home on Central ave.; 10
rooms and bath; carriage-house, etc.; lot 50x
207:6; originally cost $11,000; owner leaving
country and must be sold.
All the above can be bought on easy terms.
Houses built, rented and exchanged.
ALAMEDA LAND COMPANT,
15C0 Park Et., Alameda.
Office open Sundays and evenings.
$2000— 2-STORT modern house, S rooms; stable;
lot 60x150.
$4500— Most elegant 8-room house la city; built
t years; corner lot.
$3500— 7-room 1%-story house on Santa Clara
ave. Don't fall to see this.
$300 cash and $25 per month will buy a
new. modern, 7-room cottage, most de-
sirably located; lot 40x150. If you want a
home this will surely suit you.
Our services will be valuable to you If you
trant to buy. sell, rent or exchange property.
and If you want to borrow or loan money don't
fail to call on us.
VT. K, CONGER & CO.. 1501 Park st.
Phone Grand 176.
HAMMOND & HAMMOND.
$1000— Lot B^ISO; on Clinton ave.j snap.
$1800— Modern 6-room cottage; large lot; nicely
located; lawn. Just see this, that's all.
$2500 — S-room cottage on San Jose ave. : lot
E0xl50. This Is a decided bargain.
$3500 — New 8-room modern house; corner lot.
Let us ehow you this and other bargains. Ex-
changes a specialty.
HAMMOND & HAMMOND.
2356 Santa Clara ave. Open evenings and Sun-
days.
ALAMEDA and Fruitvale bargains for invest-
ors and house-seekers; on easy terms or ex-
change for city or country realty.
SPECIAL BARGAIN.
One of the finest residences in the city: 18
rooms, S bathrooms, etc.; best location; fin-
ished In oak. blrdseye maple and Carolina
pine; highly decorated; lot 85x170 feet.
A. R. DENKE.
Webster-st. Station. Alameda.
$1500— MODERN cottage Just finished; S room*,
bath and basement; good lot $200 cash and $20
per month. J. H. YOUNG. 1243 Park St..
Alameda. ,.
ALiAMDDA COTTAGES FOR SALE.
FOR sale — Modern cottage. « rooms: bath; lot
6PT150. 151? Mozart ft.. Alameda. Mastlck stn.
BERKELEY 'ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL, ESTATE.
|70O— $100 cash, balance $10 per month; why pay
rent? 5 rooms, chicken house and yard; lot
SOxlSO, all fenced; 2 blocks to cars. W. C.
MORAX & CO.
$1200 — Chicken ranch; 5-room house, all hard
finished, mantel, basement; all floored; well,
tankhouse. chicken-house, barn, etc.; $100
cash, bal. $10 per mo. W. C. MORAN & CO.
$130 — Acre lots; $10 cash. baL $5 per month.
W. C. MORAN & CO.
$500— Up In Wheeler tract; now is your time,
before prices rise. W. C. MORAN & CO.
$4000 — New 11-room house, reduced for 1 -week
only: $300 cash. bal. rent $15 per month;
piped for heating: fine mantel; all large
rooms; on eunny side of street: two blocks to
U. C. grounds. W. C. 3JORAN & CO.
$2630 — New S-room house; 8 blocks to train; lot
60x120: street work all done; only $200 cash,
bal. $35 per month; bank loan of $2500 on this
place; must be Fold at once on account of
family trouble. W. C. MORAN & CO.
$2500— 7-room house; corner lot, 45x100; high
basement; five courses of brick foundation:
all sewered; city water; $100 cash. bal. $20
per month, or will trade for a ranch of equal
value. W. C. MORAN & CO., Lorin Station
and Schmidt Block, Berkeley.
$2700 — 6-room cottage, large lot; near school-
house, only three blocks from station;
street work all done. *
$SOQ— S-room house, lot 50x135; two blocks from
the station.
$2250^ — Fine 2-story 7-room house, lot 50x130;
electric cars pass the door; street work
all done: a thorough bargain.
OPEN FOR INSPECTION.
Those •well-built houses on the north side of
Prince St., near Grove 6t.. within one block of
electric cars and two blocks from railroad sta-
tion; -equipped with gas, electric light, combin-
ation fixtures, window shades and the
SUNSHINE WATER HEATERS.
enabling you to have hot water day and night
¦without fire. The very best built houses In
Alameda Countv at the price.
Apply to JOS. J. MASON, Real Estate,
Berkeley Station.
FOR sale— In Berkeley, near university, 6 new
modern houses; small payment down, balance
tame as rent; lot 40x133; street work com-
plete; lawn and Carden made; 10 bearing fruit
trees on every lot; house ready to move Into;
•water connected; push buttons and electric
fixtures: shades, mantels, bookcases and side-
board; 6. 7 and 8 rooms, from $2600 up; grand
marine view; cement walks, porcelain tubs; 2
closets and fences.
Boarding-house, 11 rooms; very small pay-
ment down.
Also 6ome houses to lease; call bet. 9 and U
a. m.. or by appointment
M. L. WXTRTS,
Seventeenth et. and Broadway, Oakland.
$C500— FINE business corner In Berkeley: blg-
gest bargain In town. MAY & MORTIMER.
75-FOOT lot In th« Scenic Park, near college:
price IS50: a snap; grand view. MAT &
MORTIMER.
510^0— LOT 50x125; street work and sidewalk
done; fine view; near college. MAY & MOR-
TIMER.
$3750 — NEW modern up to date home; street
work all done; modern plumbing; terms rea-
eonable; best location. MAY & MORTIMER.
$1CSO— CORNER lot on Shattuck ave.. near de-
E2U45? 125 ' 6treet work done. MAT & MOK-
BARGAINS IN EERKELEY. *
Ji-room house, convenient for boarding stu-
dents. $4230: 10-room house. 2 blocks from
callroad station, 1 block from etreet cars, very
large lot. $8000; 14-room house, on flne street
very substantially built, faces eouth. $7G00 :
flne 6-room cottage, beautiful flower garden'
centrally located, $3000; 8-room house con-
venient to railroad and street cars large lot
*°V°.i._ 6 " room house in good repair, in good
neiKhborhood. close to railroad and street
cars, $1500; 4-room cottage, with bath $1000
terms easy; 4-room cottage, with bath, 2 large
lots, $2000. SATOFF & WILKINS. 2121 Cen-
ter St.. Berkeley.
h ° USe: l0t 6Oxm ' »° utb
No. 170— $4000; 9-room cottage; lot 55xttO: In
the finest part of town.
. No- 1S8-«2G3O: 6-room house, south front.
keauUful home; a largo quantity of oil land In
Kings County. In oil belt, for sal* at reason-
eble price. S. S. QUACKENBUSH,
Real Estate and Insurance, opposite First Na-
tlonal Bank. Berkeley.
3CEW 6-room cottage, high basement, mantel
folding doors, tiled sink, pantry, electric and
gas fixtures: all the latest open plumbing;
only 2 minutes' walk to railroad station; U
block to electrio cars; price only- $1800- $100
cash, balance like rent. J. R, PERKINS
Lorln Station. Berkeley. '
iXKW S-room cottage close to. station: street
work all done; owner must sell to close es-
tate; this Is going cheap: Price only $1250*
$R0 cash, balance $15 monthly. J. R. per.
KINS.- formerly Oellerich & Perkins, Lorln
fitaXlon. Berkeley. _
FOR exchange— Near university; flne lS-room
house: built for boarding house; In the hands
_ " nt the right party th*re is a good living in
this. S. S. QUACKENBUSH. Real Estate.
opposite bank. aEJSSSEtWI - ...
TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPMES.
"— ¦-...»,¦ ¦¦ ¦..¦¦B.iru-.rLn.ri ir-tA-rmj-u-Ln njij-n.n n.n_n-nLn.rLT\j^» ¦ «-. r-i -i -i .
GREAT BARGAINS IN TYPEWRITERS— We
sell better machines for* less money than any
house in the city; rentals, $3. The Typewriter
Exchange. 536 California; telephone Main 266.
RENT a new Franklin typewriter for $1 week
and have your work in "sight. CUTTER
TOWER CO., 302 Montgomery; tel. Black 4885.
HARTFORD typewriters; new, $60; anti-trust;
_a_ll makes; used machines, $10 up. 209 Sansome.
I MARRIAGE ' LICENSES.
¦¦¦*¦-¦- V : ... ;•< 0M
-The following marriage licenses were issued
yesterday:
Byron H. Martin. 22, 4 Lexington avenue.
an £ Emll y B - Rehberg, 22, 2050 Mission street.
Thomas Brennan. 28, 2235 Folsom street,
and Mamie E. Molloy, 21, 1007^4 Minna street.
Lucius R. Lindsley, 26. 35 Harriet street, and
Margaret Wentworth, 26. 3183 Twenty-flrst st.
George W. Brown, 31. 807 Kearny street, and
Evelyn M. Sanderson, 22, 1045 Market street.
Carl E. Johnson, 23. 411 Drumm street, and
Charlotta Anderson, 23, 411 Drumm street.
Joseph P. Roberts, 22, 404 Larkln street, and
Gertrude Lucas, 27, TJ402 Larkln street. ¦ .
W.alter L. Woodward. 23, Stockton, and An-
nie G. Ridling, 18, 1328 Sacramento street.
Zannie P. Smith, 24, 1021 Van/Ness avenue,
and Ella M. Tanner. 24. 725 Turk street.
Eugene J. Malatesta, 22, 4 Union place, and
Adelaide J. Sarraille, . 19, 525 Bay street.
Charles J. Leighton. 30, 2233 Polk street, and
Clara Semeria, 20, city. ¦ *
Ferdinand H. Eggers, 51, 1S07 Steiner street,
and Frida Sachs, 48, 1803 Jones- street.
Frank Teague, 29, West Berkeley, and Agnes
J. Edwards, 20, West Oakland.
John F. Greaney. 32, 2242 Union street, and
Catharine J. Crowley, 21, 2242 Union street.
•William J. Wigmore, 21, 24^4 Hayes street,
and Adeline G. Wegerer, 19, 14 William street.
Louis F. Rankl. 42, 114 McAllister street, and
Alice Bibelich, 38, 1107. Van Ness avenue. '
Edward E. Foley, 28, Oakland, and Inez Cas-
tro. 33, city.
George W. Groth, 23, Golden Gate, and Jo-
sephine T. Fabrls. 23, 616% Filbert street.
Antonio Ferro, 39, city, and Rosa Chrutla,
32, city. , \
Christian Bergersen,* 23, . 2405 Twenty-third
street, and Adelie Adolfson, 23, Fruitvale.
George J. Stam. 33. Isleton. aild Rcsa B.
Bursrert, 25, Sacramento. »
George W. Mason, 33, Oakland, and Laura E.
Clarke. 34. 102 Taylor street..:-
BIRTHS— MARRIA&ES— DEATHS.
' Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed ¦with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
- BORN.
BERENDSEND— In this city, to the wife of
J. C. Berendsen, a daughter. . •'
BUCHANAN— In this city, June 22, 1901, to the
wife of J. C. Buchanan, a daughter.
CLIFFORD— In this city. June 10, 1901. to the
wife of George G. Clifford (formerly Mayme
Boyle), a son.
CUNNINGHAM— In this city, June 7, 1901, to
the wife of Dr. S. J. Cunningham, a daugh-
ter.
DEWITT— In this city, June 21, 1901. to the
wife of Wilmar Dewltt. a son.
HARGRAVE— In this city, June 20, 1901, to
the wife of E. J. Hargrave, a son.
IRVING— In this city, June 18, 1901. to the
wife of W. F. Irving, a son. . "
LOGIE— In this city, June 18. 1901, to the
wife of Andrew W. Logie (nee Robertson), a
dauchter.
LOWNEY— In. this city, June 18, 1901, to -the
wife of D. D. Lowney, a daughter.
MICHAELIS— In this city, June 20, 1901, to the
wife of Julius Mlchaelis, a son.
STEGEMANN— In this city, June .15, 190f, to
the wife of John D. Stegemann, a son.
MARRIED. -
GOETZB-SEIBERT— In this city, June 19,
1S01, by the Rev. Paul Branke, John G.
Goetze . and Mamie N. Seibert.
JOHNSON— WATSON— In this city, June 20,
1901, by the Rev. Paul Branke, Edward John-
son and Ellen Valentine Watson.
JURGENS— BOOS— In this city, June 22, 1901,
by the Rev. J. H. Schroeder, Hanke Jur-
gens and Lucy Boos.
OVERHOLTZER— GLOVER— In this city, June
19, 1901, at St. Mary's (Paulist) Church, by
the Rev. Father McNichol, Charles R. Over-
holtzer and Margaret A. Glover, both of
San Francisco.
ROOT— MOHR— In this city, June 19, 1901. by
the Rev. J. H. Schroeder, Corydon B. Root
and Bertha D. Mohr.
WIGMORE— WEGERER— In this city, June 22,
1901, at the Howard-street Methodist Episco-
pal Church, by the Rev. Dr. John A. B.
Wilson, William Joseph Wigmore and Ada-
line Gertrude Wegrerer, both of San Fran-
cisco.
DIED.
Bailey, Henry MeCormlck. Bridget
Barnett, Isaac Mulhall, Joseph P.
Bergst, Robert J. O'Connor.Slster Mary
Carroll. Nancy B. Pfremes, Louis
Cashen. Benjamin Popper, Veiter
Coleman, Michael Rotto, Samuel
Gehrcke, Charles W. Scott, Margaret E.
Goldberg, Walter W. Thornton, Julia
Hewston, Jennie > Wander, Anna
Holmqulst, NHes R. Waterhouse, Kathryn
Koenltzer, Otto M. Welch, Isabell .
Landram. Thomas F. Welsh, Ella
Luther, H. W. Williams, Pearl F.
BAILEY— In this city, June' 22. 1901, Henry,
beloved son of Joseyh and Lillle Bailey, a
native of San Francisco, aged 2 months and
14 days.
BARNETT— In this city, June 22. 1901, Isaac,
beloved husband of Hulda Barnett. and
father of Benno I.. Josephine and Bellvena
Barnett, a native of Germany, aged 79 years.
(Reno. Nev., papers please copy.)
ICyFriends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral services to-morrow (Mon-
day), , at 10:15 o'clock, at his late residence,
1630 Buchanan street. Interment Hills of
Eternity Cemetery, by 11:30 o'clock train
from Third and Townsend streets.
BERGST— In this city. June 21. 1901. Robert
J., beloved son of J. E. L. and Catherine ¦
Bergst, and brother of Eugene R. and George
W. Bergst, a native of Gold Hill, Nev., aged
26 years.
[E^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 129 Clara street, thence to St. Pat-
rick's Church, where services will be held at
2 o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary Ceme-
tery.
CARROLL— In this city. June 20. 1901. Nancy
B., beloved wife of Charles E. Carroll Sr.,
mother, of Charles E. Jr. and Arthur Car-
roll and Mrs. Alice B. McGowan, and sister
of Nellie P. Ash, a native of Woburn, Mass.,
aged 6G years ,7 months and 23 days. (Wo-
. burn, Mass., papers please copy.)
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited, to attend the funeral this day
" (Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1-161 Valencia street. Interment pri-
vate. Mount Olivet Cemetery, by carriage.
CASmCN— In this cits'. June 21. 1901. Benja-
min, beloved husband of the late Hannah
Cashen, and father of John T., Thomas J.,
Edward F. and Ella Cashen, a native of
Ireland, aged 79 years.
IT?"The funeral will take place this day
(Sunday), at, 9:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 739 Filbert street. Interment private,
Holy Cross Cemetery.
COLEMAN— In. this city, June 20 ' 1901. Mich-
ael, beloved husband of Mary Coleman, and
• father of John, Dennis, Patrick, Michael and
Annie Coleman and Mrs. F. J. Wsftson and
Mrs. F. A. Meyers, a native of County Clare,
Ireland, aged 68 years 10 months and 20
days. (Sacramento papers please copy.)
• (C^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 12:15 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 234 Nades street, between China and
Japan ¦ avenues, thence to St. John's Church
. (Old St. Mary's College) for services com-
mencing at 1 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
: Cemetery. ;,'"..."¦
GERCKE— In this city, 'June 21, 1901. Charles
William, beloved husband of Emllie C.
Gercke, and father of Mrs. C. H. Randall, a
native of Uedersen, Holsteln, Germany, aged
70 years. A . member of i Polar Star Lodge
No. 3027, K. of H. ¦'
, tE^The funeral will take place this day
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1926 Howard street. ' between Fifteenth
and Sixteenth.- Interment strictly private.
GOLDBERG — In this city. June '22, 1901. Wal-
ter W., dearly beloved and only son of Wil-
liam L. and Albina A. Goldberg, a native of
North Dakota, aged 18 years 4 months and 27
days. ¦ J ¦
HEWSTON— In this city, June 21, 1901, Jennie
Hewston. daughter of the late Dr. George
Hewston, and sister of Emmett R. Hewston
a" native of Philadelphia, Pa.
IE7 Funeral services will be held to-morrow
(Monday), at 11 o'clock, at the chapel at Odd
Fellows' Cemetery. Remains at the parlors
of the California Undertaking Company, • 405
Powell street, near Post. ,
> HENRY Ji GALLAGHER CO. s
(Successor to Flnnnagan & Gallagher. >
DANIEL. P. DONOVAN. Mji.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMER3.
M Fifth st. opposite Lincoln School. ,
:.-. ¦ ¦„•) .-. .. ¦ Telephone South 80.
JAMBS McGINN,
Formerly ¦ with McGinn Bros., has opened
new Funeral Parlors at 214 Eddy st., bet.
Taylor and Jones. Telephone South B7«.
V UNITED UNDERTAKERS, '
: ' 27 and 29 Fifth st.'- TeL ' South 187. -
rUNEBAL DIRECT0R3 AND KMBALMSS).
'•'¦• Finest Equipment ¦ at Moderate' Rates.
Mt. Olivet Cemetery,
..:'.. San Mateo County.
OFFICE > 916 MARKET STREET.
1 1 .1 J. HENDERSON/ Manager.
OAKLAND ADYERTISEMENTS;
OAKLAND RE^i ESTATB.
WILLIAM J. DINGBE,
SOS Broadway,' Oakland.
> 30 CHOICE LOTS.. M *. '
In the Sather tract, adjoining
Linda Vista Terrace.
Linda Vista Terrace. ' ;
Linda Vista Terrace. ' /
Only $20 per front foot.
Only $20 per front foot
Street \ work now being completed— sswers,
cement walks, macadamizing. Homes built
and Bold on easy payments; three already sold
about to be started.
'.For full particulars apply to or address my
Oakland office. • ¦
WILLIAM J. DINGEE,
903 Broadway, Oakland.
$8500— ALICE St., Lakeside district: 12-room
residence: large lot; offer considered ; owner
must sell; eee this. LATMANCE REAL
ESTATE CO., 460-462 Eighth St.. Oakland.
A SPECIAL offering— Telegraph ave.; $5000,
cost $7500; flne home, 9 rooms; 50 feet; abso-
, lutely choicest location; authorized to sell at
. once.. LATMANCE REAL ESTATE CO., 460-
462 Eighth St., Oakland. -¦¦¦
$2850— SNAP; modern 2-story, 8-room; porcelain
bath, mantel, 2 toilets; lot 50x140; stable; nice
location; near Grove St.; must sacrifice; going
away; great bargain. LAYMANCE REAL
ESTATE CO., 460-462 Eighth St.. Oakland.
A BANKER'S home at a sacrifice; $8500, cost
$17,000; offer considered; half block elegant
grounds; 8-room home; elevated; grand loca-
' tlon for one In poor health; going to Ger-
many; see at once. LAYMANCE REAL ES-
TATE CO., 460-462 Eighth St., Oakland.
$300 CASH, $20 monthly; up-to-date, modern 2-
Etory house of 9 rooms; all -conveniences;
large lot, 150 ft. deep, on Fruitvale ave.; no
fogs "nor raw winds; a lovely home at a bar-
gain; price all told, $2750; will make terms
to suit or discount for cash. 455 Seventh St..
opposite Broadway station, Oakland; carriage
free. H. Z. JONES, owner.
$175 CASH, $10 monthly; new cottage, 3 large
rooms; 7-foot basement; brick foundation; 4
largo level lots. 50x256; price all told, $775;
fence and finish up to suit buyer, or will
rent 100x256 feet cheap; plenty of water; soil,
climate and view the very best; close to elec-
trio car line and 90-foot wide boulevard, and
not far from model schoolhouse; no fogs nor
raw winds here; adjoining: East Oakland; 10
buildings gone up already: more coming. Call
or send for circular. 455 Seventh St., opp.
Broadway station. Oakland; carriage free.
HENRY Z. JONES, owner. ;
PIEDMONT: a bargain; I have a flne new
modern two-story cottage of six rooms; with
pantry, bathroom, storeroom, stable, chicken-
houses and yards; fruit trees, • berries, flowers
in plenty; large lot, 65x110; everything that
It takes to change a house and lot into a fine
comfortable home; the owner is going to Ne-
. vada, and it must be sold at once; can be
bought for $2400, with only $400 ; cash, bal-
. ance ¦ on mortgage; tital perfect: "If you are
; looking for a bargain, call and look at this.
JAMES 3. NAISMITH. 452 Ninth. Bt.
A. J. SNYDER. Real Estate.
$4500 each— Three new modern homes on Tele-
graph ave., corner of Orchard St.; 8 rooms and
bath; open nickel-plated plumbing; two toilets;
front and back stairs; these houses are now in
the course of construction and should be seen
now ' to realize how firmly they are being
built.
Will sell on Installments with a reasonable
payment down. For further Information call
or address A. J. SNYDER. 467 Ninth St.. Oak-
land.
$15 TO $20 per month; no cash down: in Elm-
hurst; pretty cottage and lot 60x120 feet:
high basement: fruit trees, garden, etc.;
central and close to cars; cozy, sunny home.
See owner to-day, 1008 Broadway. Oakland.
OAKLAND FURXITURE FOR SALE.
AN Introduction to you from H. Schellhaas, the
furniture dealer, 11th and Franklin, Oakland.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
BRANNAN, 725, above 6th— Three nice rooms'
furnished complete for housekeeping; $10.
BUSH. 1523, bet. Van Ness and Franklin— J sun-
ny housekeeping rooms, $18; adults only.
CALIFORNIA, 1304 — Three or five sunny rooms;
entirely separate; bath, gas and phone. ; ;
CAPP, 624— Two furnished " o'r unfurnished
rooms, suitable for housekeeping; German
family.
CLEMENTINA, 327—2 well-furnished house-
keeping rooms; man and wife; no other
. roomers.
EDDT, 604 — Sunny corner suite of rooms and
kitchen; gas range; running water; complete
for housekeeping. . , •
ELEVENTH, 34—2 sunny rooms, complete for
- housekeeping.
FIFTH, 353— Furnisbtd Darlors, kitchen, with
bath, $20; also 2. S10. $12; 3. $14; single, $4 up.
FLOOR of 3 unfurnished rooms, with sunny
back porch. Address branch Call office, 100
Eleventh st. • .
FOLSOM, 1293— Fine suite, with kitchen stove
and sink: also single; quiet house; adults.
GOLDEN GATE ave., 409— Front alcove, with
, use of kitchen.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 1211 A— A' large front
room and kitchen for light housekeeping In '
private family; no children.
GROVE, 718 1 / 2— 2 unfurnished rooms for house-
keeping; rent $6.
HOWARD. 728— Housekeeping rooms; also sln-
gle room for gentleman; $6.
HYDE, 408— Sunny front alcove, complete for
housekeeping; also large sunny room, $8.
LARKIN, 327, cor. Golden Gate — Sunny house-
¦keeping and other rooma; phone and bath.
LARKIN, ' 1007— Housekeeping rooms and others'
nicely furnished. .
LEAVENWORTH, E06— 3 rooms, complete for
housekeeping; rent reasonable.
LEAVENWORTH, 1521-2 or 3 rooms, furnished
or unfurnished; private family; rent cheap.
OAK, 119— Large, sunny front furnished house-
kpg. ; newly papered; large closet; reasonable.
PERRY, 129. between Third and Fourth—^ nice
furnished rooms: for housekeeping; rent $6
per month. ¦ ,
POLK, 60S— Two sunny unfurnished rooms for
light housekeeping. i
POLK, 610— Two sunny front rooms; gas range;
gas, bath; private family.
POLK, 1002— 3 and 6 room suites, completely
furnished tor housekeeping; $15 up; reference.
POST, 244— Newly furnished sunny rooms; also
housekeeping with gas range; everything
modern.
SECOND, 212— Furnished for housekeeping;
other rooms; clean; respectable; reasonable.
SEVENTH, 304— Unfurnished; 2 large front
rooms; all conveniences; rent $10; references:
THIRD, 2C5A — Single and housekeeping rooms;
rent reasonable.
TURK, 803— Three nicely furnished rooms; gas,
bath; also alcove room & kitchen, unfurnshd.
TWENTY-THIRD, 3728. near Dolores— 3 sunny
bay-window, rooms, nice, neat, complete.
VAN NESS, 232— Housekeeping rooms, complete.
WILLOW ave., 10, off Larkln, nr. Eddy— 2 rms.
'fur.; general housekeeping; $12; no children.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st. , ; , /
ROOMS TO LET— Fnra. and Unfnm.
ROOMS ¦ • TO LET. '
A— For rooms, apartments, housekeeping, fur-
nished, unfurnished, with or without board,
. finest in city, see ELDER ROOM RENTING
CO., 22 Kearny St.; tel. 2334 Red.
APARTMENTS en suite or single; splendid ap-
pointments; telephone on every floor; furni-
ture, carpets new. , latest designs ; breakfast
rooms top floor. Hotel Nouveau. 312 Stockton.
AHLBORN HOTEL', 321 Grant ave.— Best $1 a
day family hotel in city; polite attendance;
large rooms,' 50c <p; meals 25c; free coach.
A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE, 148 Sixth— Rooms!
25c to $1 per. night; $1 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.' •.-','
A— MARKET. 1049 A— Nicely furnished ¦ suites,
$15 per month up; singles, $5 per month up.
BRANNAN, 725, above 6th— Threa nice- sunny
• rooms; rent $8.' Y " • : > :
BURNETT, 1426 Market ' (old No. . 1384)— Fur-
nished rms., suites, single; also unfurnished.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, cor.'- Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices .'reasonable.
FELL, 468— Furnished, rooms In private family;
gentlemen; reference required.- ; -
FIFTH. 249— Furnished and unfurnished rooms.
FRANCISCO— Elegant suites; single with bathe!
transient. , MRS. KING. Turk and Taylor.
GOLDEN- GATE} ave.; 528— Elegantly furnished
rooms for 'gentlemen; private family; no chil-
dren; ref erenco required, ;
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
PRETTIEST cozy little home In Berkeley; new;
complete; open plumbing; fronts main street;
electric cars in front; near station; lot *Qx
138; sloping lawn; flowers ; chicken houses;
stone walks; partly furnished with new fur-
niture; easy -terms If desired. ¦
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO..
-; / '¦"¦" ¦>¦.-' 1008 Broadway. Oakland.
NOW- Is the time to get a home; better Induce-
ments than ever before offered. Why pay
rent and live in an old and Inconvenient
house when you can buy a new up to date
home for $100 cash and $16 to $20 per month?
Prices from $1350 to $2000, accordingto size,
style and location; examine and be con-
vlnced. H. A. IRVING. Lorln Station.
ELEGANT new modern cottages, now build-
ing; 6 rooms; all Improvements and conven-
iences; ready July 1; handy to station; will
be sold on monthly payments. McBRIDE.
Golden Gate Station. -
FRCITYALE ADVERTISEMENTS
FRUITVAIiE REAL ESTATE.
H. A. PLEITNER, Fruitvale Station, Cal.
$700— Cozy cottage of 4 rooms and bath; sta-
ble; fine well and force pump; 2 small tanks;
lot 75x100; all fenced; thle is a bargain.
$925 — Good cottage of - 4 rooms, partly furnish-
ed; stable, chicken house and 30 chickens; fruit
trees In bearing; lot SOxlCS; all fenced.
$1150— Bay-window cottage of 5 rooms and
bath; 7-foot basement; good brick foundation,
etc.; barn, chicken house; lot 60x116; 1 block
from Fruitvale ave.; easy terms If desired.
$1100— Modern cottage of 4 rooms and bath;
high basement; lot 35x115; fruit trees; located
in the best part of Fruitvale; only half a block
from Fruitvale ave.; easy terms if desired. ',
$1200 — House of 4 rooms and bath; pantry: 3
closets: large stable; 2. chicken houses; 1 brood-
er house; 50 chickens; good horse, harness and
wagon; lot 100x230; all fenced; good well and
pump; only one block from electric cars. :
$1675 — Modern 2-story house of 6 rooms and
bath; fine mantel; corner; lot 2 blocks from
Fruitvale station; must be sold at once.
$1700— Choice • bargain ; new bay-window, cot- :
tage of 4 large rooms; 7-foot basement; good
brick foundation: bath; hall closets; lovely
pantry; marble washstand; stationary tubs;
chicken house; lot 50x265; all fenced; fine. lo-
cation; only 6 'blocks from Fruitvale station.
$lS50-rTwp acres of sandy loam; modern cot-
tage of 4 rooms and bath; high basement and
stable and chicken houses; 'good well, windmill
and tank; fine location; 3 blocks from electric
cars.
$2000— House of 5 rooms and bath; closets;
pantry; high basement; all floored; large barn;
stable; pigeon house; 4 chicken yards and
houses; lot 100x142; all 'fenced; fine shrubbery
and fruit trees in bearing; only one block from
electrio cars. For particulars apply to H. A.
PLEITNER, Fruitvale station, Cal.
SPECIAL Notice — Tbe Home Building Company
has removed Its office to south side of rail-
road track on Fruitvale avenue.
Do you want a home in Fruitvale? We will
sell you one without payment down, just like
rent.
$550 — House of 5 rooms; plastered: large lot;
abundance of flowers; $7 70 per month will
buy this home; no payment down.
$800— House of 8 rooms and bath; city water;
very large lot; chicken houses and barn;
$11 20 per month; no payment down.
$300— Lovely lots in Forest Park; 50x170; will
loan you money to build. _
$900— House of 5 rooms; lot 50x150; city water
and a good well; payments $12 60 per
month: no payment down.
$1000— House of 6 rooms; lot 45x145; all fenced;
$14 per month; no payment down.
Money to loan In any amounts. Remember
this address: The Home Building Company,
south side of railroad track, on Fruitvale ave.
" W. E. RUDELL.
$13 TO $20 per month; no cash down; cozy cot-
tage of 4 rooms and basement; lot 60x120,
with fruit trees; centrally located, right
near the cars; total only $1250; look into this
bargain at once.
GEORGE V?. AUSTIN '& CO..
1008 Broadway, Oakland.
MILL. VALLEY REAL. ESTATE.
FOR SALE—
Furnished house. S rooms and bath; 4 rough
finished rooms; ground floor; lot 50x150; fine
garden; 32 fruit trees, bearing; 5 minutes to
depot; price $2300. „
~ Large two-story, basement and attic: elegant
large rooms; large lot; fine view of Mount
Tamalpals; in excellent condition; 7 minutes
to depot; sun all day; price $7000; am open to
offer.
Lot on Corte Mad era ave., 50x125; fine clus-
ter of redwoods In grounds; opposite hotel;
price $500.
Choice lots on Throckmorton ave.; 10 minutes
from depot; sun all day; entire 200x258; price
$2500; will subdivide.
Cottage, 5 rooms and bath; lot 25x50; sewered
and watered; 3 minutes from station: price
$1000.
House 8 rooms and bath: lot 60x150; right in
town; a bargain; price $2750.
Acreage and lots on easy terms.
S. H. ROBERTS. Real Estate. Mill Valley,
Cal.
THE HEART OF MILL
Formerly Known as
The Wormonth Tract,
Now to Be Called
Sunnyside Tract.
This beautiful tract, consisting .of over 40
acres, is now subdivided into lots and are
placed upon the market for sale. Streets will
be graded, macadamized and sewered. The
California Title Insurance and Trust Company
of San Francisco will iseue an insurance policy
for every, lot sold guaranteeing ' title.
For maps and full information address
McAFEE BROTHERS,
108 Montgomery st., San Francisco.
IN Mill Valley, nice house for sale cheap on
account of deDarture. 526 Turk st.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATES.
$500 DOWN (cr less}— Pretty Eastlake cottage
of 5 rooms, bath and basement; cost $2500 to
build; insured for $1500; street complete;
stone walks and open lawn; rents for $20,
--downtown; only a block from Broadway.
GEO.W. AUSTIN & CO.,
1008 Broadway, Oakland.
$3250— IN Austin Park, Telegraph and 27th
St.; Just completed; elegant 8-roomed home;
pretty desljro: sunny side; elevated ground;
forty- foot lot; new street and all new houses.
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO..
•" -¦-¦;¦ ¦¦-•' 1008 Broadway, Oakland.
$2500— MONTHLY payments; right on Grove
Et. : 7-roomed Eastlake cottage ; new, ' sunny,
with bath, basement; large lot and open
lawn; now vacant and for rent at $16 per
month. GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO.,
1008 Broadway, Oakland.
$9000— ONE of Oakland's finest homes; 11
rooms; 3 elegant mantels; butler's pantry:
double plumbing; did rent for $95 per month;
cost over $14,000; perfect to a detail; lot 80
feet front and nice lawn; In the heart of
town; legitimate reason for selling; must be
see to be appreciated; will sell carpets If de-
sired. GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO.,
¦ 1008 Broadway. Oakland.
flSOO— JUST like rent; $100 down; balance
monthly; 5 rooms, bath, high basement; lot
60x133 (note the size); street and walks com-
plete; near local station, school and churches.
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO.,
1008 ¦ Broadway, Oakland.
$1000— LITTLE or no cash down; $15 each
month; 5 rooms, bath and basement; sunny
side near San Pablo ave.: street work all
done; •will rent . for $10 per month and pay
for itself. GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO.,
1008 Broadway, Oakland. -
$1500— ESTABLISHED grocery and butcher
shop, with store fixtures; flat above, and sta-
ble, well and pump; gore lot; streets com-
plete; fine location in North Oakland: cost
¦ $2400; Insured for $1500; easy terms if desired.
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO.,
1008 Broadway, Oakland. 5
$3600— BARGAIN OF THE SEASON.
Mortgage $2S0O; 64 feet in front; • private
water supply; barn; coachmen's room; space
too expensive to extol its many qualities; see
it and you will buy it; by eo doing make
$1000 on the Investment; I. cannot help It; I
am instructed to sell without regard to rise.
J. S. MTERS & CO.. 1002 Broadway, Oak-
land, Cal. ,
$3800 BUNGALOW FOR $2200/
It la new and a. beauty; absolutely every-
thing that would make an Ideal home; near
the lecal trains; large lot; open plumbing;
no reasonable offer refused; first; come, first
served. ' ,
J. S. MTERS & CO., 1002 Broadway, Oakland.
S2400— ORIGINAL COST $3400. ! TT
7 rooms and bath; fine basement: corner lot
33x120; street work complete; best neighbor-
hood in Oakland; owners are non-residents,
hence the great reduction In price; ¦ must be
seen to be appreciated. / -. .
J. S. MTERS & CO.. 1002 Broadway, Oakland.
$3500-COST TO CONSTRUCT $5000. ¦'
Owner compelled to leave Oakland; t-story
house, 9 rooms and 2, baths: double flooring;
plate glass windows: an ideal . home: • near
the cars, schools and business centers: first'
come, first served; . positively no -reserve.
J. S. MYERS fc CO., 1002 Broadway, Oakland.
COTTAGE: 6 rooms; all modern Improvements;
lot 60x113. 34 Hannah St., Watts Tract, Oak-
land. . ¦ •¦ ..
CHOICE real estate, center Oakland: mnst b«
sold to close an estate; lots 50x100, 40x100, 116x
112; business ' corner; no reasonable offer re-
fused. Apply 672 Tenth st., Oakland. -
ROOMS - TO • IjET— .Fnrn. and Vnfnrn.
~^.~».»i.-..i<ii.«i». i.j.^.^.»... m .».^ »„„„„,. - ,„ ¦.^.^¦—^~^»^^^
GOLDEN GATE ave., 730— Large sunriy double
front room ; ; single room, . $6 ; bath ; , private. ?,
HAWTHORNE, 172, near Harrison— Suuny,
medium-sized room for gent; reasonable; ref.
HOTEL St. Denis (European plan), 24 Turk st.,
nr. Market— New building, elegantly furn. ;
Just opened ; strictly first class and up-to-date
,ln all appointments ; Inspection Invited; must
•:, be seen to be appreciated; 75c day and up;
special rates by week or month"; references. ,
HOTEL Graystone, 66 Geary st.*— New 6-story
, fireproof hotel; electric light and elevator; un-
. questionably the most luxuriously furnished
in the city; steam heat; privat* baths: one
block from Palace Hotel. Phone John 333L .
HOWARD, 1546— Large bay-window front room,
furnished; folding bed; $10.
HOWARD, 1613— Furn. front sunny alcove rm.,
¦with kitchen, bath ; $15 ; no children : new flats.
HYDE, 299— Lovely large corner suites and
single rooms; private bath. '
JONES, 321— Sunny front bay-window " room ;
gentleman preferred ; reasonable.
KEARNY. 34, and 47 Post— Sunny furnished
rooms and offices; rent reasonable. -¦ .
LARKIN. 707— Sunny front parlor; new; clean.
LARKIN, 707. nr. Ellis— Nicely furnished sunny
front room. $6; small flat; private family.
LARKIN, 804— Sunny front room; 1 or 2 per-
sons; $8; large back room; $7.
LARKIN. 819^4— Sunny furnished front rooms:
gas, bath and phone; private; $7 per month.
MARKET, 765— Nice sunny bay-window suite
of rooms; $4 per week.
MARKET. 1015 (New Arlington)— Nicely fur-
nlshed rooms, $2 a week up; S5c a day up.
MARTINET, 1101 Geary— Elegant suites, newly
furnished; private; bath; single rooms $10 up.
McCLELLAND, 200 Turk st.— Sunny furnished
single and double rooms; also transient.'
MCALLISTER, .937— 3 nicely furnished rooms;
,-¦ use of piano; $12; call two days.
METROPOLE, 6 Turk, cor. Market— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; 50c to $3 per day.
MINNA, 667, corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room, $1 per week; transient.
NORFOLK, 34. nr. Eleventh— 3 unfurnished
rooms; $7 per month. - .!¦¦ ¦-¦'. ' ¦¦ .
O'FARRELL, 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; elec. lights; day, week, ' mo.
POLK, 1539 — Largest, sunniest room ! for the
money in the city; private.
POST, 426— Nicely furnished; single and suite;
$2 50 week upward; tourists accommodated.
POST, 827 — Sunny single room, $7; also sunny
basement room, $5.
POLK, 1710— Furnished or unfurnished rooms.
POWELL. 207 (changed hands)— Nicely fur-
nished rms., en suite or sin.; baths; transient.
POWELL, 417— Newly furnished house; rooms
by day, week cr month.
ROSEDALE House. 319-321 Ellis St.— Rooms
"night, 25c to $1; week, $1 25 to $4; open night.
ROYAL House, 126 Ellis— Incandescent light;
reading-room, smoking-room and ladies' par-
lor; rooms, per night, 35c to $1 50; week, $2 to
$8; month. $8 to $30; elevator on ground floor;
rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth St.,
near Market— Furnished or unfurnished.
SHOTWBLL. 121, near 16th— Furnished front
room; $3 60 per month.
STOCKTON. 332— The Ottington— Few choice
suites and several small rooms; cheap.
TURK. 126 — Furnished room, suitable for a
gentleman. $5 per month. «
$1 10 A WEEK; large sunny furnished room;
also front; bath; closet; private. 832 Folsom.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office fpr Call advertisements and
subscriptions ' has been established at 1098
Valencia st. '
ROOMS AND BOARD.
AN exceptional table; pleasant rooms; good
service; popular rates. 807 California st.
THE Roanoke. 808 Bush — New house; newly
. furnished; suites with bath; perfect illumina-
tion; private dining apartment; elevator serv-
ice; cars to all parts of city within stone' s
throw of door.
PINE. 1222 (old Ralston home)— Elegantly fur-
nished sunny rooms, en suite and single, with
! board.
FURNISHED room for gentleman; private fam-
ily; breakfast Included; bath; ?10 per month
Box 3592. Call.
THE Crocker, 915 Lea venworth— Fine sunny
rooms, single and en suite; beautiful grounds.
THE HEATH, 312 Eddy— Nicely furnished sui&y
front rooms, en suite, single; excellent cuisine.
PINE. 1006 (The ¦ Victor)— New management;
. thoroughly renov.; sunny suites, with board.
HOTEL Repelier, 781 Sutter— Newly furnished;
excellent table; special rates to tourists.
HOTEL Las Palmas, 1820 Market— Suites, 2 or
3 rooms, bath, connecting; board optional.
SUNNY front room, suitable for man and wife,
with board. 70 Ninth st. -
ROOMS AND BOARD WANTED.
WANTED— By three young gentlemen, room
and board; reasonable. Box 3696, Call.
ROOM and board by couple in private family;
references. Box 3322. Call office.
ROOMS WANTED. _
WANTED— An unfurnished or partly furnished
middle or lower flat: 6 rooms and bath; must
be modern and In Western Addition, prefer-
ably toward Presidio. Address box 3442, Call.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made:
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 415 Montgomery St., rooms 9-19, tel. 6580.
DISEASES and ailments of men treated; con-
sultation free. American Dispensary. 514 Pine.
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged, re-
palred; open even.: phone Black 1124. 205 4th.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
PIERCE-RODol^PH^^toragT^nT^IovlnT^o^
office. Post and Powell sts.; tel. Main 5713.
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse, 840 Mis-
sion St.; tel. Howard 941. F. W. ZEHFUSS.
BEKINS Van and. Storage Co.. 722 Mission St.;
tel. Main 1840; shipping at cut rates. ,
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Flllmore St.: phone Jackson 281.
DIVIDEND NOTICES. ~
DIviD^ENBT5oTlc^C^ornla""s^fT^e^oslt ,
and Trust Company, ! corner • California and
Montgomery sts.; for the six months ending
June 30, 1901, dividends have been declared
on deposits in the savings department of this
• company as follows: On term deposits at
the rate of 3 6-10 per cent per annum, and on
ordinary deposits at the rate of 3 per cent
, per annum, free of taxes, and payable on
and after Monday, July . 1. 1901. Dividends
uncalled for are added to the principal and
bear the same rate of dividend as the prin-
cipal from and after July 1, 1901. J. DAL-
ZELL BROWN. Manager. " ,- .
DIVIDEND notice— Mutual Savings Bank of
. San Francisco, 33 Post St.— For the half year
ending June 80th,. 1901, a dividend has been
1 declared at the rate of three (3) per cent per.
annum on all deposits, free of taxes, payable
o^i and after MOND AT, July 1st, 19C1. * (
¦ GEORGE A. STORY, Cashier.
SAN FRANCISCO SAVINGS UNION. 532 Call-
fornla Bt.. corner Webb— For the half year
ending with the 30th of June 1901, a divi-
dend has been declared at the rate per annum
of three and i>ix-tenths (3 &no) per cent on
term deposits and three (3) per cent on or-
dinary deposits, ! free - of taxes, payable on
and after Monday. July 1. 1901.
- LOVELL WHITE, Cashier.
THE GERMAN SAVINGS AND LOAN SO-
. clety, 626 California St.— For the half year
ending with June 30, 1901, a dividend yias
been declared at the rate of three and one-
¦ eighth (Z%) per cent per annum on all de-
posits, free of taxes, payable on and after
Monday, ¦. July 1, 1901.
, GEORGE •TOURNY. Secretary. /
HUMBOLDT Savings and Loan Society, 18
Geary st.— The directors have declared a div-
idend of 8% per cent per annum on Its depos-
¦ its, payable on and after July V 1901. . . i
ERNEST BRAND, Secretary.
PROPOSALS.
ADVERTISEMENT— Office of tbe Chief En-
gineer, ' Division I of the Philippines, Manila,
P.' I.. March 1; 1901— Sealed proposals, for
constructing a harbor at Manila, P. I., will
be received at this office until 11 o'clock a.
m., August 1, 1901, and. then publicly opened.
Work to be done includes about 150,000 cubic
yards riprap, 21,000 cubic yards concrete and
rubble: masonry* In breakwaters, about 6,000,-
. 000 cubic yards -c-f. dredging and a pile bulk- /
head - 4700 feet long. • Dredging - in mud, ; sand
'and shells to a depth of thirty feet. -Dredged
materials to be - used :.- for reclaiming land.
Bids must be accompanied by a bond of one
. hundred - thousand dollars ($100,000) - in ¦ gold.
.: One contract will be ' made for the . .whole
work. Contractor's bond will be. 10 per : cent
of the amount bid. 1 The right is reserved' to
reject' any or all bids. For specifications and
.' blank forms apply - to ' this office, . Bureau of
; Insular Affair*. Washington, D. C. ; United
v States Engineer Offices at .• New York. ¦ Chi-
cago and - San -. Francisco. - JOHN BIDDLE,
Captain, Engineers. - - - -
AUCTION SAT.ra
s2$2K!3feWsBri !i£ a*"*
AMUSEMENTS
Columbia— "Under Two Flags" to-morrow
night.
'Alcazar— "Countess Valeska."
Grand Opera-house — "Glsmonda." '
Central— "A Night at the Circus." • ¦ , ¦ .
• Tivoll— "The Toy Maker."
Orpheum— Vaudeville.
sSlulsV °° rner Ma " oa and Eddy *"«*-
Chutes, -Zoo. and Theater— Vaudeville ever&
afternoon and evening. '" T*
Fischer' s— Vaudeville.
Recreation Park— Baseball.
Union Coursing Park— Coursin* to-day
tefmSSdSfjSST 8treet8 -, Sclen «^ iox-
Sutro Baths— Swimming. ;
HOLMQUIST-In this city. June 23. W°J; t K^5
J R.. beloved husband of Eliza HolmQUlst. and
father of Louisa Silveira. a nf 1^ °t«
en, aged 65 years 4 months and Z3 aays^ •
ETThe funeral will take P»*ee to-mewwj
(Monday), at 2 o'clock.- from the funeral
parlors of McGinn Bros.. . SI Eddy street,
i Interment. I. O. O. F.. Cemetery. .
KOENITZER— In this city. June 22, 1 90 /',""°
M.. beloved husband of Lena Koe? 1 "* r J
father of Martha and Elsie Koenitier, ana
brother of Robert Koenitzer of st %<T^n5t:hsi :
native of Germany, aged 34 years 10 montns
and 9 days. , . - _,,_
LANDRAM-In this city. June 22, 1901. Thomas
Francis Landram, beloved son of Mrs. Nellie
Treancr, a native of Sacramento. . aeea x*
years 8 months and 10 days.
LUTHER— In this city. June 20. 1901. at the
residence of his daughter, Mrs. E. P- \* aJ K
ney, 1907 Oak street. H. W. Luther, helovea
"father of William Luther. Mrs. E. P. ' GatT-
ney and Mrs. W. O. Mills, a native of Rnoae
Island, aged 65 years 6 months and 9 days.
A member of Lincoln Post No. 1, G. 'A. K-
ETFrlends and . acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the funeral par-
lors of Porter & White, 122 Eddy street. Fu-
neral under the auspices of Lincoln Post No.
1, G. A. R. Interment National Cemetery.
McCORMICK— In this city. June 21. 1301. Brid-
get, beloved wife of James McConnick. and
mother of Mary Ann, John and James Mc-
Cormlck, a native of the parish of Sooey.
County Sligo. Ireland, aged 40 years.
C?"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 3658 Seventeenth street, near Dolores,
thence to Mission Dolores Church, where
eervicea will be held at 10 o'clock. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
MULHALL— In t"his city, June 21. 1901. Joseph
P., beloved husband of the late Mary Mul-
hall, a native of Dublin. Ireland.
'E7"The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Monday), at • o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1915 Hyde street, thence to St.
Brigld's Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
O'CONNOR— In this city, June- 21. 1901, Sister
Mary Peter O'Connor, Sister of Mercy, a na-
tive of New York, aged 56 years.
E?"A solemn requiem mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of her soul this day
(Sunday), at 7 o'clock, in the chapel of the
Magdalen Asylum. Interment St. Michael's
Cemetery at 1:30 o'clock Sunday.
PFREMES— In the "City and County Hospital.
June 21. 1901. Louis Pfremes. a native of
Austria, aged 34 years.
POPPER— In this city, . June n, 1901. Velter
Popper, beloved husband of Fanni© Popper,
and father of Rudolph Popper, a native of
Bohemia, aged 72 years.
CTFrtends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend tbe funeral this day
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 1514 Devisadero street. Interment
Home of Peace Cemetery, by 11:30 o'clock
train from Third and Townsend streets.
ROTTO— In this city, Samuel Rotto. a native
of Schwercentz, Posen, aged 63 years.
SCOTT— In this city, June* 22, 1901 Margaret
E.. widow of the late Robert Scott of San
Jose, beloved mother of Mrs. E. H. Hahn
and George W.. Charles. Margaret. Julia and
Mabel Scott, and sister of Mrs. Thomas
Wayland and Mrs. R. W. Murphy.
THORNTON— In this city. June 21. 1901, Julia,
beloved wife of Michael Thornton, beloved
mother of Mrs. Henry Gallagher, and grand-
mother of Margaret Gallagher, a native of
Ireland.
ICXFriends are respectfully Jnvited to at-
tend the funeral this day (Sunday), at 2
o'clock, from her late residence. 222 Filbert
street, near Sansome. Interment Mount Cal-
vary Cemetery.
WANDER— In this city, June 21. 1901, Anna
Wander, beloved mother of Henry and Vin-
cent Wander and the . late- Mrs. Josephine
Forthause. and grandmother of Frank and
August Forthause. a native of Germany, aged
69 years 11 months and 9 days.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock, from tha funeral par-
lors of Theodor Dlerks. 957 Mission street, be-
tween Fifth and Sixth. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
,WATERHOUSE— In Oakland, ' Jun» 22, 1901,
Kathryn. beloved wife of O. M. Waterhouse,
daughter of Mrs. M. H. Frierson. and sister
of R. W., Ruth, Myra. McBride. Josie and
Tillie Frierson, Mrs. S. A. Bliss and Mrs.
J. L. Stewart, a native of Qulncy, 111., aged
28 years. (Pittsburgh Pa., paper* please
copy.) , ¦ -
ir7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the- funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from 424 East Tenth
street, East Oakland. Interment Mountain
View Cemetery.
WELCH— In Petaluma, June 21. 1901. Isabell.
wife of James Welch, dearly beloved mother
of George, Arthur. Florence and Clarence
Welch and Mrs. Josie Madden, and beloved
sister of Mrs. Maggie Shove, a native of
Dublin, Ireland, aged 52 years 3 months and
6 days.
cy The funeral will take place . to-morrow
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 2427% Bryant street, near Twenty-
third, thence to St. Peter's Church, where a
solemn requiem mass will be celebrated for
the repose, of her soul, commencing at 9
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
WELSH — An anniversary solmen requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of the soul
of Ella Welsh to-morrow (Monday), at Mis-
sion j Dolores Church, commencing at 9
. o'clock.,. Friends and acquaintances are In-
vited to attend.
WILLIAMS— In East Oakland. June 22, 190L
Pear.1 Fenton, dearly beloved daughter of
Frank and Elnors. Williams, a native of
San Francisco, aged 7 years 4 months and 10
days. -
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the Third
Baptist Church, Powell street, between Sut-
ter and Bush. San Francisco. Interment
Laurel Hill Cemetery.HOGS— Receipts to-day, 12,000; Monday, 35 -
COO; estimated left over, 3000. - Weak. Mixed
and butchers, $5 80@6 15; good, to choice heavy
$5 90«i6 17%; lights $5 75@6 05; bulk of sales
|5 9006 05. .. ' ' .-, , ¦¦¦¦:.¦/
' SHEEP— Receipts, 25000. steady. .'.Good' to
choice wethers, $4®4 40; fair to choice mixed
*3 7604 10; Western Bheep, $4@4 25; yearlings'
$4 2504 60: native lambs. J5@5 25; Western
lambs, $o®5 25. * . -
NEW YORK. June ¦ 22.— The , cotton market
opened quiet with prices unchanged to 2 points
higher. - The market closed with prices 8@1G
points : higher.' • ? , , . . . . .-
New York ' Cotton Market.
Exports and- Imports!
NEW YORK, June 22.— The Imports of specie
this. week' are. 842,173 gold and $131,466 silver. I
- The exports of gold and silver from this port
to all countries for this ¦ week aggregate $1 -
032,770 Bllber bars -and coin » and $4,523,101 gold.
NEW TORK, June 22.— To-day*B stock mar
ket was an inconsequential affair and even the
professional trading, of which lt was wholly
made up, vras narrow and restricted. The
trading, euch as lt was, turned on the bank
statement. An inkling was obtained soon after
the opeulnr that the expected favorable fea
tures would not be forthcoming, and the trad
ers eoW the market. 2>ut when their views were
verified by the bank statement, the market
proved too narrow to reflect any action by out
ride holderB. and the covering by professional
beers rallied prices. They went oil again to
the lowest >n some cases, while a few upward
movements gave the cloelng 1U irregular tone.
The moet disappointing feature of the state
ment was its failure to show any of the ex
pected payments of large corporate loanr. If
any of these were paid oti during the week
there was eufScient new borrowing to offset
this, as the loan Item shows a slight expansion,
not threatening ln itself, but disappointing ln
view of expectations. The change in cash re
serve shows a discrepancy of fully $4,000,000
from that foreshadowed by the known move
ments of money. The consequence is a loss
cf K.EOO.OOO Instead of the expected ea |n ot
tl £00 000 The surplus reserves are in conse
quence carried below J7.000.0CO. This would
eeera to call for greater effect upon money rates
than has been shown. Chicago banks, however,
have placed large eums in loans ln the New
York market within the last day or two, thus,
keeping the tone easier. St. Paul and Union
Pacific sold down to the . lowest In the final
dealings at 1*©1% under last nlgbt. New
York Central «nd the local tractions were well
sustained by buying of the same character as
that recently prevailing. Long Island Jumped
Hi point* on the reported project to communi
cate by tunne! with the center of New York.
International Silver preferred was marked up
7 points on licht dealings.
The stock market this week has shown a pro
gressive decrease In epeculatlve interest and
activity, the dealings for a ful! day having
fallen below the ha If -mill ion share mark for
the Cm time since th« first week In November
luL Prices have been vulnerable to selling
New York Stock Market.
Foreign Futures.
Articles— • • ¦ Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels ..' 10,000 9,000
Wheat, bushels 78,000 184.000
Corn, bushels ...169,000 447.000
Oats, bushels ...1S6.400 143,000
Rye, bushels 1,000
Barley, bushels 5,000 1,000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
Market was steady; Creameries, 14@19c;
Dairies, 14@16%o; Cheese, ' steady, 9@10c; Eggs,
steady, ¦ 10@llc. > ___ ¦ ..
*— — " — '——¦ — ' — — *
•EASTERN MARKETS.
STOCK MARKET.
Woodmen's Excursion.
¦ The bureau of relief of the "Woodmen of
the World will give an excursion around
the bay to-day, including a atop at
Vallejo. The Oakland has been chartered
for, the purpose, and the committee of ar
rangements has provided . music to •a
liven the trip. •. - 1 .
: Gas and Electric waa again lively, though
sales were ln small lots, ¦ and quotations showed
little . change, as will be seen. The oil stocks
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour, dull'
weak; Winter Patents, $3 50@3 60: Straights. $3
®3 40: Spring Patents, $3 25@3 65; Straights, $2 50
m; Bakers'. $1 S0@2 60; No. 2 Spring Wheat.
67@€8c; No. 3 Spring, 61®64%c; No. 2 Red, 66®
68c; No. 2 Corn, 42%e>42%c; No. 2 Yellow, 42%c;
No. 2 Oats. 29HO29%c; No. 2 White, 29V4@29%c;
No. 3 White, 28%@30c; No. 2 Rye, 47%c; good
feeding Barley, 50® 52c; No. 1 Flaxseed, $185;
Prime Timothy Seed, $3 95; Mess Pork, per bbl,
$14 70(3)14 75; Lard, per 100 lbs.. $8 65@8 70"; Short
Ribs Sides (loose), V 90©8 15: Dry Salted Shoul
ders (boxed). 7@TUc; Short Clear Sides (boxed),
$8 45@8 60; Whisky, basis of high wines, $1 27;
Clover, contract grade,. $9 60.
San Francisco and vicinity — Fair Sunday.
*rtth Increasing cloudiness; brisk • westerly
•wlnde. ALEXANDER G. McADIE.
Forecast Official.
Southern California— Fair Sunday, except
cloudy along the coast; not so warm ln the
interior: brisk to high «outhw«»st winds.
Nevada — Cloudy Sunday, with brisk north
ninds; cooler.
Arizona-Cloudy, unsettled weather Eunday;
cooler.
Northern California — Fair Sunday, -with In
creasing cloudiness; not bo warm in the In
terior; brisk to high westerly winds on the
coast.
With the exception of very Ught showers at
Fe&ule and Portland no rain has fallen on
th*> Pacific Slope.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours, ending midnight. June 23. 1901:
While high temperatures continue ln the San
Joaquin Valley and also In Southern Arizona,
there has been a decided cooling from Sacra
mento northward. Over Oregon there has been
a fall of from 10 to 14 degrees.
The pressure has fallen rapidly over the
country west of the Rocky Mountains. A de
pression of considerable depth Is forming over
L'tah and Nevada and high southwest winds
may be expected Sunday east of the Sierras.
FORECAST.
Temperature at 7 a. m.. . EL
Leather conditions axd gexeral
Articles—
Wheat No. 2 — Open. High. Low. Close.
June 66H
July 66% 67 ' 66 66?i
September 66% 67 66ft 66%
Corn No. 2—
June .'.: ' .... .... 42?i
July 42% ' 43% 4?% : 43%
September 43% 44% 43% 44%
December.... 40'i 42>i ' 40& 42%
Oats No. 2—
July 27% 27% 27% 27%
September ..-• 26\i 26% 26H 26%
May .... 2SH 29 - 28V4 28%
Mess Pork, per bbl—
July J..14 65 14 72«4 14 65 ]4 72Vi
September T...14 S7# 14 92& 14 87'i 14 92&
Lard, -per 100 lbs-^
July 8 60 8 70 8 60 8 70
September 8 62% 8 75 8 62H 8 75
October -...8 65 8 75 8 65 8 75 •
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs—
July 8 07& 8 10 8 07% 8 10
September 8 12% 8 17% 8 10 8 17%
CHICAGO, June 22.— Everything combined to
create a decided weakness ln the wheat pit
and the opening 'was weak and lower. The
fine crop prospects with lower cables discour
aged holders and as a result considerable long
wheat came out, but at declines of from Ho to
He shorts attempted to cover and take prof
its, but there was little for sale, and . prices
rallied. The. advance was well maintained
throughout the day, the market holctng steady.
One of the chief - bull Influences was the
strength ln corn. September opened Ko to He
lower at 66U@66*sC. Under free selling by com
mission houses and locals the price dropped to
66!4c, around which figure shorts covered, ad
vancing the market to. 67c. A steady feeling
prevailed around these figures and the close
was He lower at 66*ic. s
Weakness was • noticeable ln the corn - pit
early, '.due chiefly' to th€ weakness In wheat.
Offerings ' were heavy^or a short time and
were quickly absorbed by. shorts, which ad
vanced the price and gave a strong feeling to
the market. September closed with an ad
vance of %®9ic at 44%c. ¦ • ' . . :
Oats opened weak with other cereals, . and
there was sufficient liquidation to prevent a
corresponding advance. There was no special
feature to the trade. September closed %@%o
hlBlier at 26V4@26%c. ' . . -
There was very little interest . manifested in
provisions, all eyes being apparently on the
grain market. Opening was steady with some
commission house buying of lard. Light re
ceipts of hogs doubtless was the main strength
ening factor. September pork closed at an ad
vance Of V/ic at $14 92%; lard closed 10c higher
at $8 75 and ribs 5@7V4c higher at $8 12#.
The leading futures ranged as follows: f
Chicago Grain Market.
Bullion — 03 Ophir 94 9fi
Caledonia 37 33 Overman 1? £»
Challenge 20 22 Potosi 09 II
Chollar OS (* Savage 12 )l
Confidence 70 75 Scorpion — 04
Con Cal & Va..2 15 2 20 Sec Belcher .*. — 03
Con Imperial... — Cl Sierra Nevada. 23 2«
Con New York — OX Silver HIM .... 29 SO
Crown Point ..07 09 St Louis ....'.. 06 —
Eureka Con ... C6 — Standard ....... —3 83
Exchequer ..... — 02 Syndicate 03 07
Gould & Curry '04 07 Union Con 19 20
Hale & Norcrs. 23 24 Utah 03 05
Julia — 02 Yellow Jacket.. 03 10
SATURDAY. June 21-13 m.
Bld.Ask. Bid-AjJc.
Alpha 01 03 Justice 02 03
Alta — 0« Kentuck ;. ot 03
Andes 05. 06 Lady Wash, .. 01 —
Belcher 12 13 Mexican 25 M
Best & Belcher 22 23 Occidental 03 04
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
Bld.Aflk.t BM.Art.
4s quar coup..ll3HH4H 4s qr tp (new>.USH»Mi
4s quar reir....ll2!ill3V i 3» quar coup...lC8T4I0!>4
j MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bay Co P C Bs.lM — Oceanto S9 5S.10JU104
Cal-st 5s 118U — Omnibus R 8a. 127 —
C C Water Bs.1094110 Pao O Imp 4s. — 100 -
Kd LAP 6s.l2SH133',j Pk ft C 11 6s.. 108 —
Fer & Cl R 6s. 117^ — Pk A O R 6a. .117 —
Oenry-st 6s.... — — Powll-st R «3.120 —
II C A S 5't9.lifii; — Sac E a n in. — —
Do 6s 101 1C2M S F i SJV 5s. — \n\&
Loa Ang R r.a.lU'i — Sierra Cal 6s.. — 110
L A Light 6.«.. — 102 S V of A 69
Do icntd 6s.. — 104 (1903) 115*4 —
Do gntd 5s. .103 — (1910) lit —
L A & Pac Sa.lOO — S P of A 6a
Do 1 e m -68.10;% — (W5), Ser A.10S 108H
Market-st C 6s — 12714 (190«>. Ser B.103H109»»
Do 1 c m 5s. 122% — ' (1906) 109% —
NevCoNO7s. — 113V5 Oi»12> 119 121
Nor R Cal 6s.ll4 113 S P of Cal 1st
Do in 113 1194 cp imtd g Ss.lOT —
Nor Pao C 6».10O — BPEr Cal «a,134 135^1
D» Es — 108% S V Water 6s.ll3H —
Nor Cal R 5s. .110 113 Do 4s 103H —
Oak Ga9 6s.... 112! i — Do 4s. 3d m.Mt — '¦
Do Trans 6s.ll9 — Stktn Gas 6s.. — —
Do Wat 5s.:iO4mO5
water stocks. .: •-;.
Contra Costa. SOU 81 [ Spring Valley. S3;; SV-J
llarln County. 61 — I
OAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L & p... 4 — Pacific Lt .... 4S 60
Equitable — 4V4 Sacramento ... — —
Mutual 4?i 6 S F G & E.... 42H 43
Oakland 60 51 San Francisco. 44 4S
Pac Oas Imp. 40 45 Stktn G &. E. I —
INSURANCE.
Flrem's Fund.242ft —I I
y;<!l BANKS.
Anglo-Cal 77 — L P & A 147 —
California — 410 Mer Ex (llq).. 18 — '
Cal Safe Dep.107% — S F National.. 125 — ¦
First NatlonaL309 —
SAVINGS BANKS.
German 1900 — Sav & Loan.. — — *
Humboldt .... — — Security 275 —
Mutual ....;... 50 — Union Trust. .1100 —
San Francisco.527Va — I
STREET RAILROADS.
California 130 134 |O S L & II... 40 —
Geary — 40 Presidio 25 —
Market 70 - |
POWDER.
Giant *;& 77 IVlgorit 3 S£
SUGAR.
Hana — 1% Kllauea 13t; 19
Hawaiian 49 60 Makaweli 3SH 39
Honokaa ITS — Onomea 22H 24>
Hutchinson ... 19 — Paauhau 26»i 27
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska Pack... 128^123% f Oceanic S Co.. 61 54
Cal Fruit Can. — 97 Pac Aux F Ai. 2 —
Cal Wine Asn.100 — Pac C Borax..lS5 —
Merchnts' Ex.110 — JPar Paint .... 16 —
Morning Session.
Board— >
25 Alaska Packers' Association 139 00
10 Honokaa Sugar Co 22 00
25 Hutchinson S P Co 19 0ft
20 Makaweli 38 75
75 S F Gas & Electric Co.. 42 75
70 S F Gas & Electric Co 42 62^
20 8 F Gas & Electric Co 43 50
60 S F Gas & Electric Co. s 90 42 73
60 S F Gas & Electric Co, a 90 42 ZVA
10O S F Gaa & Electric Co. a 90 42 50
$5000 Spring Valley 4s <2d mortgage) 102 50
90 Spring Valley Water 84 Co
10 Spring Valley Water, s 90 84 00
SAN FRANCISCO OIL EXCHANGE. ''.
. -» . j
Morning Session. 1
• Board—
1C0 Four Oil Co........ ST
10O Home Oil ..._ 3 &
1300 Lion ...~. M. 13
10OO Monarch of Arizona, s 60 —... 30
800 Monarch of Arizona. Si
100 Monte Crlsto -.. 2 00
100 Occidental of West Virginia 61
30 Peerless S VFA
.PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANOS.
Morning Session.
Board—
400 Home lit
60 Home S SO
20O Occidental of West Virginia 50
300 Occidental of West Virginia...;...- 51
45 Peerless ....:./.... 5 00
60 San Joaquin Oil and Development.. 8 25
200 Sterling, b 30 130
' MINING STOCKS. .
The following were the ' sales In toe- Saa
Francisco Stock and Exchange Board jester*
-day:
Morning Session. >. .
400 Best & Belcher 211 350 Sierra Nevada. 2t
600 Gould & Curry 05 100 Union Con .... 13
400 Savage 13'
The following were the sales In the Pactfla
Stock Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session. ! V}«.:\
10CO Belcher 13 100 Ophlr H
200 Best & Belcher £3 1400 Savage 13
200 Con Cal & Va..2 20 500 Pavag» 121-,
750 Gould & Curry 05 300 Savage 13
300 Kale & Norcrs 2» 500 Sierra Nevada. 33
200 Mexican 24 300 Silver Hill .... »
200 Mexican 23 200 Union Con .... 1)
UNITED STATES BbNDS
SATURDAY. Juno M-13 m.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
were not materially changed, except Horn*,
which declined to $2 25.
Sales on the Producers' Oil Exchange last
week were 28,750 shares, valued at $23,744, th«
leading transactions being as follows: Califor
nia Standard. 110O shares; Four, 2050; Hanford-
Fresno-Kern River, 1000; Home. 3575; Junction.
31C0; Lion, 2200; Monarch, 3400; Occidental, 1300;
Petroleum Center. 5670; Sovereign. 1150: Ster
ling. 17&.
The California Safe Deposit and Trust Com
pany has declared dividends of 3.60 per cent
per annum on term deposits and 8 per cent per
annum on ordinary deposits, payable on July L
.'-Dairy— Extras,'-' 16c; -firsts, '.15e;- seconds, 14c;
store, 13c. '¦
- CHEE8E— Fancy, full cream.* lo; choice, 7%c;
.-, DAIRY EXCHANGE QUOTATIONS.
BUTTER— ...... :
Creamery— Extras, 17c; firsts, 16c; seconds,
BUTTER— Creamery. 17V4@18c per lb for fancy
and 16tf®17c for seconds; dairy, 14@16Hc per lb.
CHEESE— New, 8®9o; old, nominal; Young
Americas, D@10c per lb. - ! . . ' .
EGGS— Ranch,' 15@18%c for . good ' to • fancy;
store, 12%@14Hc per dozen.
OPEN MARKET. QUOTATIONS.
Prices for Butter, Cheese and Eggs remained
as before." Eggs continue depressed, with ac
cumulating stocks, and 5 the demand Is Insuf
ficient to " consume ' the arrivals. Butter 'and
Cheese continue in liberal supply and quiet.
- Receipts - were ' 29.600 pounds and 81 tubs of
Butter, 1005 cases of Eggs, cases Eastern
Eggs, 4350 pounds of California Cheese".
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Two cars of Eastern ' are . announced for to
morrow. The market continues dull and weak.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 9@10c for Gobblers
and ' 9®llo '¦ for Hens;: Geese, per pair, $1®1 25;
Goslings, $1@1 25; Ducks, $3 60(94 for old and
$3 60<8>4 for young; Hens, $3 60®4; young Roos
ters $fi@7 60; old Roosters, $3@3 50; Fryers, $4®
4 60; Broilers, $S@H for large and ft 75@2 60 for
small : Pigeons $1 60® 1 75 per . dozen for old
and $1 60® 1 75 t or Squabs.
GAMB— Hare. $1 60- Rabbits, $1 60 for Cot
tontail and $1 25 for. Brush.
Poultry and Game.
New Potatoes continue weak, though changes
In quotations are slight Onions remain about
the same. ,' ' " '
I The Vegetable market remains about as pre
viously quoted.' Supplies of all kinds continue
liberal, and Squash and Beans are in excessive
stock. ••¦..-
POTATOES— Burbanks, $1 26@1 65 for Oregon;
New Potatoes. $1@1 60 for Burbanks, $1 35<S)
1 40 ,for Garnet Chiles and $1@1 80 for Early
Rose ln boxes.' . . . .
ONIONS— New Red, 35@50o per sack; New
Yellow, 76(3>90c per ctl. . ¦
VEGETABLES— Rhubarb, 25®65o per • box;
Asparagus. $1 75(92 25 for large, $1 25(31 50 per
box for No. 1 and 50c®$lfor No. 2: Green Peas,
75c@$l 50 per sack; String. Beans. l@3c; Cab
bage 6<X$60c per ctl; Tomatoes from Los An
geles, 50c@$l; from Winters, 75c©$l; from the
River and Bay, in small boxes, 85c@$l: Rivers,
in large boxes. $2; Dried Peppers. 12®18c; Dry
Okra. 15@20o per lb; Carrots. 25@35c per sack;
Marysville Cucumbers, 85®60c .per box; . Win
ters, 75@90c; Bay, ; Garlic,. 3@4c; Green
Peppers. 2S!fl>30c per lb; Egg Plant, 7@12%c per
lb;- Green Corn, 50c©$l 75 -per sack: Bay do,
$1 28@2 per crate; Summer Squash, 15@30c per
box; Bay do, 50c®$l.
There Is no Improvement ln the situation, the
market being neglected and nominal.
BEANS- Bayos, %2 45@2 60; Small White, $4 80
@5; Large White, $4® 4 20; Pink. Jl 40®l 70;
Red, $3@3 25; Blackeye, $3 10@3 25; Limas, $6 25
@6 35; Pea, nominal; Red Kidney, $4 75 per ctl.
SEEDS — Brown Mustard, nominal ; Yellow
Mustard, nominal; Flax, $3 50@3; Canary, 3V&@
3%c for Eastern; Alfalfa, nominal; Rape, 2@
2%c; Hemp. 3%e; Timothy, «%c.
DRIED PEAS— Niles. $1 60 per ctl.
Potatoes^ Onions and Vegetables.
Dealers reported a continued weak feeling
ln Hay. with concessions from the quotations
to effect sales. There is no f urtfter change In
Feedstuffs.
BRAN— $17 60@18 60 per ton. .
MIDDLINGS— J19 50@21 per ton.
. FBEDSTUFFS- Rolled Barley. J16 50@17 50
per ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, $25® 26; Job
bing, $26 50y Cocoanut Cake, $17018; Corn Meal,
$28®29: Cracked Corn, $28 50@29 50;. Mixed Feed,
$lfi 60017 60. I
HAY— Old is quoted at $9@12 50 per ton. New
is quotable us follows: Wheat, $8 BO® 9 50-
Wheat and Oat, J8@9; Oat. %C> 60@8; Barley and
Oat. $7«?8 60; Alfalfa; $6@8; Clover, $5@6 per
ton : Volunteer, $i®7 50.
STRAW— 25@47%c per bale.
'. . Beans and Seeds. ~*
Hay and Feedstuffs.
' FLOUR— California Family extras. $3 25©
S 60, usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $3 15(33 25;
Oregon, $2 K0Q2 75 per barrel for family and
»2 75@3 for bakers'; Washington bakers', $2 75
©3. .. . ' '
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in' sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour. $3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour. • $2 75: Rye
Meal. {2 50; Bice Flour. $7; Corn Meal. $3; ex
tra cream do, S3 76; Oat Groats. $4 75; Hominy.
*3 75©4; Buckwheat Flour. $4@4 25; Cracked
Wheat, $3 60: Farina, $4 50; Whole Wheat
Flour, $3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels), $6 ."SfjN 85:
ln sacks, !6@7 60; Pearl Barley. $5; Split Peas,
$5; Green Peas. $6 60 per 100 lbs.
Flour and Millstuffs.
Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock — December — 2000
ctls. 67HC
Second Session— No sales.
Regular Morning Session— December— 20,000
ctls, 67Hc: 12,000, 67%c.
OATS— Another decline In red and black Is
noted. The other descriptions are unchanged
but the market is weak. White. II 42H01 55;
Surprise. $1 50ft 1 63; Red. $1109122%; BU<-k.
$1 15«?1 25 per ctl.
CORN— Small round Yellow, $150; Eastern
Yellow. $1 27&@1 30; White. $1 374; mixed.
RYE— 75@80o per ctl.
.BUCKWHEAT— Is quoted at $165 per ctl,
ex- warehouse.
CALL BOARD SALES.
WHEAT— Liverpool and Paris futures were
both lower, and the foreign markets generally
were weak. ' ¦
Chicago was dull and heavy, with continued*
liquidation ln July. Weather and crop condi
tions , were reported favorable. » Primary re
ceipts for the week were ., 2,963,000 bushels,
against 3,781,000 for the same week last year.
This market' was slightly lower again, both
on and* off call.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, 95c; milling. 97u C Qi
$1 02H per ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— December—
8000 ctls. 99?ic; 18.000. $1.
Second Session— No sales. ' '
Regular Morning Session— December— 10,000
etls. $1 OOtt.
BARLEY— There Is a heavy demand for
bright, clean, new brewing for shipment at
77HGT82HC, Port Coata. It- must not weigh un
der 47 lbs. There is no further change ln spot
Fred, the market being practically bare.
¦ Feed, 72H®73%c for No. 1 and 70®71V4c for off
grades: Brewing and Shipping grades, 75@82',4c;
Chevalier, nominal.
Wheat and Other Grains.
. The Hongkong Maru took out a treasure list
of $147,590, consisting of $3095 In Mexican dol
lars. $1495 In gold coin and $143,000 in silver
bullion. . ,
Sterling Exchange, "60 days '— »4 86Vi
Sterling Exchange, . sight — .4 89
Sterling cables ...: ...¦.,....— 4 90
New York Exchange, sight — ' 12J4
New. York Exchange, telegraph.. — 15
Sliver, per ounce — 69H
Mexican Dollars, nominal 49H O 50
Exchange and^ Bullion.
OtOth Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. June 22-B p. m.
The following maximum temperatures -were
reported from stations ln California to-day:
Eureka. 56; Mount Tamalpais. 70; San Luis
Oblspo. 72; Red Bluff, SO; Fresno. 86; Los An
pelcs. 7S; Sacramento, SS; Independence, S4; San
Diego. €6.
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
6C: minimum. <8; mean. 65.
Weather Report.
Currants ar* steady, with only a email de
mand for immediate wants. There was a ru
mor Saturday of lower cables from Greece, and
in some quarters there appeared to b« 1 little
more disposition to sell. Prunes are- selling in
tJS?* 11 *.T a 7' th * two c*rtoa<Js of Orepons.
SO-4u». which arrived during the week, having
Ejet with good eale and being now quite well
cleaned up. In raisins eome Interest was tak
en ourinr the week ln domestic 4-crown loose
Muscatels, sutured stock, at the cut prlca of
SV»c f. o. b. coart. a number of cars being re
ported sold to mlncf.meat manufacturers. A
little Inquiry Is noted for 3-crown London layer
raisins, tor wblch holders ask $1 60^1 60, firm."
Mall advices from New York eay:
"Conditions in dried fruits were generally
«ull last week. In nuts, however, there were
eome Interesting developments, the market for
Brazils closing exceedingly strong at SVilffSVic.
with a strong Inquiry at a small shading of
prices. The higher market is due to the poor
rroEpccts of the new crop, or rather to the
probability t£at the supplies that will be gath
ered in the South American forests by the
?<**???" J* 111 be ema11 - Comparatively -few
fe^hSid?«* COX^t tor *™« UP to date, and the
rew holders on the epot are exceedingly firm,
is unlikely that any considerable quantity
could b« purchased at quotations. Sale of a
round lot was reported to have been made late
Joi.'n^^i^ 21 \ he prIce could not >* learned.
Jortlaa 1 shelled almonds are flrm at S3HS?4le.
!?7, C l £!i neB " U dolac ln oId iwds'to aVrlve
Sicily filberts ere quiet and e«sy on the epot.
and no buying is heart of from the primary
rr.arkets. which are easier.
The local bank clearings during the past
Treek ver« S1J.1S1.206. against $17,027,165 during
the same week last year.
A r uts and Raisins in New York.
Bank Clearings.
Northern Pacific prefd 97
1930 Ontario & Western 37%
J4.600 Pennsylvania .153
18.100 Reading 46H
200 Reading 1st prefd 79H
2000 Reading 2d prefd B7W
2,300 St Louis & San Francisco.....; 62%
S' Louis & San Francisco 1st prefd. 85
'L'lOO Pt Louis & San Fran 24 prefd.... 75
St.' Louis Southwestern 33%
' 100 Ft Louis Southwestern prefd 67%
6.000 St Paul • • 177%
100 Lake Erie & Western 60%
Lake Erie & Western prefd 120
700 Louisville & Nashville J.110
8,800 Manhattan L :.... I25^i
2 200 Metropolitan Street Railway 1744
800 Mexican Central 28%
100 Mexican National ; 11^4
100 & St Louis 108U
7,300 Missouri Pacific 121%
100 Missouri Kansas & Texas .......... • 31
200 Mlscouri Kansas & Texas prefd.... 63%
...r. New Jersey Central 160
4,800 New York Central ......'.158
Norfolk & Western 53%
.. Norfolk & Western prefd S9\i
Northern Pacific .; .-...120
A feature of the week has been the moderat
ing of views regarding future railroad combi
nations and consolidations. It is not improb
able that this present result of the check on
speculation was exerted by ; the money market
situation. - Whatever may be the actual' develop
ments looking toward railroad consolidations.
It is evident that speculators have taken ad
vantage of conditions to violently manipulate
the stocks supposed to be concerned and to
circulate greatly exaggerated reports of the
plans Intended. With the restricted supply of
loanable funds with which the manipulators
might operate there has been a significant fall-
Ing off in the number and character of these
rumors and a more conservative Ispirlt of in
vestment has prevailed, which has resulted In
the discrediting of Eome of the more extrava
gant rumors lately afloat. A factor making
toward this more conservative view was the
adjournment of the directors of the Missouri
Pacific last Monday without any ac
tion on the Greater Missouri Pacific
merger project which was confidently
predicted by bull speculators and long made
a potent Instrument for advancing prices. The
versions of the so-called St. Paul deal have
been materially modified in the gossip of the
street from earlier circumstantial reports of
an Intended exchange of the stock for jointly
guaranteed 4 per cent bonds at the rate of 100
par value of stock for 200 par value of bonds.
The first revised version had it that Union
Paciflo was acquiring large blocks of St. Paul
stock to effect, an extension of community of
Interest, but that no further interchange of
securities or transfer of control of railroad
property was contemplated In the process of
extracting the Northwestern and the Pacific
Railway problem from the disputes precipitated
by the Northern Pacific contest. When specu
lation was at the low ebb it was allowed to be
possible that the settlement involved simply
an agreement or understanding between the
railroad owners and that no changes of owner-
Ehlp were to be made. ¦ None of these versions
has any official sanction, but each has its In
fluence in the market movement of stocks in
volved- While the Immediate condition of the
speculation is thus one of repression, the
undertone Is confident. The promise of a heavy
wheat crop, the continued large demand for
cotton, the maintenance of activity in the Iron
and steel Industry,' the undlminished profits of
our foreign trade, the I unprecedented level of
earnings, the prospect that large distributions
of dividends and interest seeking reinvestment
and mpre remotely the receipts of Klondike
gold eoon to be Inaugurated, and the possibility
of renewed production of gold in South Africa
are all Interested in the sum total of confidence
in the future which underlies the speculative
market. • .
The market for railway bonds has been rather
quiet except for some of the speculative issues
which have been in demand. * ¦¦
United States refunding 2s, new 4s and 3s
registered declined >4 and coupon % per cent
below the closing call of last week.
Shares Closing
Sold. . Stocks — Bid.
6.100 : Atchlson /. 88^4
L200 Atchlson prefd 105
Baltimore & Ohio 108>4
Baltimore & Ohio prefd 94%
SDO Canadian Paciflo IO6V4
200 'Canada Southern ., 70
200 Chesapeake & Ohio 4'JVb
500 Chicago & Alton 46%
300 Chicago & Alton prefd 79^4
100 Chicago Burlington & Quincy 196%
300 Chicago Indianapolis & Louis 38%
Chicago Indianapolis & Louis pfd.. 73
Chicago & Eastern Illinois 130
7,800 Chicago & Great Western 2G%
300 Chicago & Great Western A pfd.. 89',<..
200 Chicago & Great Western B pfd... 53&
Chicago & Northwestern 202
100 Chicago Rock Island & Pacific 168
100 Chicago Terminal & Trans..... 23 l ,i
300 Chicago Terminal & Trans prefd.. 44
800 C C C & St Louis 86
200 Colorado Southern 15
400 Colorado Southern- 1st prefd 61
Colorado Southern 2d prefd 23V4
400 Delaware & Hudson 166
Delaware Lackawanna & Western. 237<4
Denver & Rio Grande 52
100 Denver & Rio Grande prefd 100
4.S0O Erie :. 43#
1,000 Erie 1st prefd 71%
2U0 Erie 2d prefd ..'. 57
Greaf Northern prefd 185%
Hocking Valley 64%
100 Hocking Valley prefd 78%
2,300 Illinois Central ' w 147^
2,800 Iowa Central ...; 41ft
1,400 Iowa Central prefd 72
*,» ¦ • •
pressure, and have yielded when speculative
liquidation was attempted and when profes
sional bears attempted an attack. What specu
lative operations there were were shifted into
the less conspicuous stocks of minor railroad
systems and industrials, and the causes alleged
to explain these movements were special to the
frtocks affected that their advance had little
sympathetic effect on the general list. Some
of them were 'probably due to manipulation
and were followed by collapses commensurate
with the sensational advances. The wide and
rcverirh fluctuations In this class of stocks
ratter tended to discourage operations and to
arouse uneasiness, but the deep underlying fac
tor in checking active operations was the con
cition of the local money market. When the
bank statement of last Saturday was followed
en Monday by the announcement that $4,000,000
In cold had .been feugaged for shipment for
Germany it became \ question of simple arlth
"ifV 0 t0 P«> v e any large demands for loans
with which to speculate in stocks would devel
op stringency and precipitate liquidation of
stocks, thus defeating its own purpose. It was
then that there was a hardening of money,
both on time and call. Rates did not rise so
hlirh as to create any actual distress, but quite
mgh enough to serve as a warning against
indiscreet expansion of credits. With the sail
ing of Thursday's steamer for Germany it was
felt that the outward gold movement was ter
minated, as that was the latest day on which
ships could arrive In Berlin to be In time for
the July settlement, which was . the purpose
or the movement. But the money market was
still confronted by the semi-annual require
ments here, which almost Invariably make an
active money market In the lart week of June.
The disbursements of dividends and interest
on the approaching first of July will be the
largest In the history of the country as a re
sult of prosperous conditions ruling and the
l&rsre profits to be distributed to holders of all
eoru of Becurltiei. Current estimates make the
amount of money to be distributed $i;o,000,000 to
$115,000,000. Included In the amount will be a
t-eml-annual dividend of 24 per cent on Missouri
Pacific In accordance with the decision of the
directors of the company on Monday. Thl? Is
the first dividend paid on the stock since 1831.
when * Per cent was paid. The stock sold at
124 last week, but has, since shown the effect
of realizing. On May 6, 1S97, the stock sold
at l&S on the New York Stock Exchange. The
property's earning power at present, together
with these flmires, constitute a marvelous ex
hibition of the recuperation of the railroad
business of the country in general and the
Southwestern region in particular.
LOCAL MARKETS.
EVAPORATED APPLKS— Steady and un
changed. State, common to good, 3H®5c;
prime, 5%c; choice, G®6^c; fancy, 6V4c.
California dried fruits continue Inactive.
PRUNES— 2K@6Ue per pound, as to size and
quality. — >
APRICOTS— Royal. 8<8>12c: Moorpark. 7V4<pl2c.
PEACHES— Peeled, ll®18c; unpeeled, 6@l0c.
DRIED FRUITS
NEW YORK. June 22.— FLOUR— Receipts,
S857 barrels. Dull. Minneapolis patents, $3 80
@4: winter patents, $3 65@3 90: winter straights,
$3 4C@3 50; ,winter extras, $.2 50@2 85; winter
low grades,' $2 30@2 40.
WHEAT— Receipts, .145,350 bushels: exports,
122,054 ' bushels. Spot— Easy; No. 2 red, 75%c
f. o. b. afloat; No. 2 red, 73%c elevator; No. 1
Northern Duluth, 74%c f. o. b.; No. 1 hard
Dulutli, Sl®Sl%c f. o. b. afloat. Options—De
clined at the outset under weak cables, good
weather and July liquidation. Later the mar
ket rallied on covering and in sympathy with
corn. Closed steady at V»@%c net decline
July, 737i*J73%c, closed 73%c; September.
72 1-16Q72 7^16c, closed 72%c: October. 72%@
72y 4 c, closed 72%c. . ' . .
HOPS— Quiet. State— Common to choice, 1900
crop, 16@18c; 1899 crop, 10@13c. Pacific Coast—
1900 crop, 16@18Uc. ' • ¦ ¦
HIDES— Steady. California, 19c. . ' A
WOOL— Quiet. Domestic fleece, 2C@27c;
Texas. 13@17c. »
COFFEE— Spot— Rio, easy; Invoice, 6c; mild,
quiet: Cordova, 8%@8^4c. Futures— Closed dull
and unchanged to 5 points lower. Total sales
were 3250 bags, including: July, $5 05; Octo
ber, $5 30; December, $5 50. :
SUGAR— Raw, easy; fair refining, 3 9-16e;
centrifugal, 96 test, 4 7-32c; molasses sugar,
3 5-16c. Refitted sugar quiet. No. 6, 5c; No.
7, 4.90c; No. 8, 4.80c;. No. 10, 4.70c; No. 11,
4.65c: No. 12, 4.60c; No. IS. 4.60c; No. 14. 4.55c:
standard A, 4.53c; confectioners' A, 6.35c; mold
A, 6.90c: cut loaf, 605c: crushed, 6.05c: pow
dered. 5.65c; granulated, 5.65c; cubes, 5.80c,
BUTTER — Receipts, - 6483 cackages; firm.'
Creamery. 15©19Ho: factory,' UViOloc.
EGGS— Receipts, 61S6 packages; steady. 8tato
and Pennsylvania, 13JM3',4c; Western candled,
13@13'ic; Western ungraded, ll@12Hc.
New York Grain and Produce. 1
LONDON. June 22.— Money was . distinctly
harder and not abundant to-day. The demand
was fairly good. Discounts were firm.
The attendance on the exchanges was small
and there was little doing. Gilt edge securi
ties were overshadowed by the expected large
new borrowing., Americans Improved in sym
pathy with New York's closing of yesterday
opening above parity and closing firm and
quiet. The changes were generally slight.
Grand Trunks were harder, especially becond
preferred. The approach of the half year end
is beginning to be felt. Money will probably
be more wanted next week, owing to the set
tlement and the usual half year demand.
Commenting on the abnormal" circumstances
governing the course of the exchange between
America and Europe and the fact that gold- is
shipped from New York in spite of the fact
that the trade balance is greatly in favor "of
the United States when, under normal condlt
tlons, shipments would be made fromEurope
the Statist conclude*: ..
: "The high American exchange ¦ of the past
two or three weeks is due to the fact that the
railroad . " and other • corporations who , have
financed operations, partly by means of money
borrowed in Europe, have now marketed their
securities with the American public and ' are
in a position to pay off i the loans obtained in
Europe. How- soon the .whole will be repaid it
is 'difficult to determine,' but, in view of ; the
Lo: don Money Market.
WASHINGTON, June 22.— To-day's state
ment of the Treasury balances shows: Avail
able ca.«h balance, $170,886,821; gold, SDS,318,355.
Condition of the Treasury.
Associated Banks for the week ending to-day
shows:
Increase Decrease
Loans $902,755,300 $1,881,400
Deposits' 982,844.200 $1,350,000
Circulation 30,887.500 16,900
Legal tenders 79,025,500 1,438,200
Specie 173,296,900 3,856,500
Reserve 252,322.400 2,508,300
Reserve required.. 245,711,050 ; 337,525
Eurplus 6,611,330 2,170,775
The Financier says: The bank statement of
last week reflects in the loss of $2,508,300 cash
the average of the $5,000,000 exports of gold to
Europe during the past week, and at the same
time it fails fully to record the net movement
of money to New York from the interior, which
movement was disclosed by the returns made*
by the principal banks of receipts through ex
press companies. Hence the statement in this
respect may be said to be out of harmony with
the facts as shown by the known movement of
money — a condition which It may be noted has
been exhibited at least for the past three weeks.
The gain of only $1,811,400 In loans, following
the recent large increases In this item would
seem to indicate that the syndicate operations
which have greatly • contributed to the expan
sion in loans are, temporarily at least, at an
end. There were large liquidations of loans re
ported to have been made during the week by
the Pennsylvania Railroad Company. If this
statement Is true there must have been a con
siderable amount of new loans to have coun
teracted the above noted liquidation and con
tributed to the increase shown by. the state
ment. The loss of $1,350,100 In deposits agrees
with . the decrease in cash, less the gain in
loans, and hence the item is harmonious. The
loss of $2,170,775 In surplus reserve carries this
item to $6,661,330 or only $793,375 above the low
est point of the year, which point was recorded
April 6. With this comparatively low surplus
reserve and with the preparations for the dis
bursement of a larger amount of July Interest
than has ever been paid at this center, which
preparations will probably begin by Thursday,
It is difficult to see how money on call at the
Stock Exchange can be otherwise than active
during the current week. At the same time it
should be remembered that until the money col
lected for disbursement shall be required the
banks and other institutions with whom 'it Is
temporarily deposited will freely loan it on call
until the day when it will be needed to be
checked out for payment, when the loans will
be called in. Moreover, though the amount of
July Interest and dividend payments is ¦ un
preccdentedly large, only a portion of it will be
paid out ;m July 1, and while the remainder Is
being disbursed that portion which was earlier
paid will be In, course or distribution. Conse
quently the disturbance to money will be onlv
temporary. , *
NEW YORK, June 22.— The statement of the
Associated Banks' Statement.
••"-•¦gt Paul prefd ...19O»£
S.600 Southern Pacific 59%.
iS, 100 . Southern Railway ;.. 33>i
300 Southern Railway prefd 87%
oOO Texas & Pacific 47
100 Toledo. St Louis & Western 22
„, 200 Toledo St Louis & Western pfd.... 37H
31.S00 .Union Pacific mv*
... — Union Pacific prefd.. 91
3.400 Wabash 23U
7.300 Wnbash prefd 44Vi
, 400 Wheeling & Lake Erie 41H
Wheeling & Lake Erie 2d prefd...... 33Vi
crfl Wisconsin Central 2.1
¦ 5C0 WrSeonsln Central prefd 4S?4
P C C & St Louis 78
Express Companies— .
Adams .....175 .
American ..'. 198
TTn'ted States 9t
Weils-Farpo .; 150
Miscellaneous—
2.2CO Amalgamated Copper .1 124
2.0W) American Car & Foundry 32»i
6ro American Car fc'Foundry prefd 87%
4^0 Linseed Oil 2i\' a
l.W» American Linseed Oil prefd 55'
S.4C0 American Smelting & Refntf 58U
SCO American Smelting & Refng prefd. AOiii
5.600 American Tobacco 13SV>
1.W0 Anaconda Mining- Co W-i
17.700 Brooklyn Rapid Transit »Z%
1.700 Colorado Fuel& Iron 113
3"0 Consolidated Gas ..222
400 Continental Tobacco 67?i
100 Continental Tobacco prefd HSU
¦2,100 General Electric 239<.i
Glucose. Sugar 6014
2C0 Hcckinp.Coal Ziii
200 International Paper 23 '
International Paper prefd ...;.. 77'4
4C0 International Power 97v 8
Laciede Gas 8t -
200 National Biscuit 45
£00 National Lead .' 2*T
300 National Salt 43%
100 National Salt prefd : 77Vi
4H) North American .: 104
100 Pacific Coast 70^
3.200 Pacific Mail 42
100 People's Gas 119H
Pressed Steel Car 44^
Prf^ed Pteel Car prefd S6'4
Pnlace Car 108 '
1.900 Repuhllc Pteel 22U
300 Republic Steel prefd 76%
2.100 Super 142";
2. WO Tenrewee Coal & Iron 70'4
."00 T'nlcn Bag & Pap«r Co 17%
ron rnion Bag & Paper Co prefd...- 74»4
1.7m I'nited States Leather 14U
rifl United States Leather prefd... 7S?i
7C0 United States Rubber 22
United States Rubber prefd. 61
7.000 United States Steel 4ST£
3,300 United States Steel prefd ¦ 93%
3M Western Union ;. 94H
240. SCO Shares sold.
. CLOSIX*"" BONDS.
U S ref 2s reg 106' Y Cent lsts 107»i
Do coup m: J Cent gen 58..132H
Do 3s rog 10S* or Pac 3s 72«;,
Do 3s coup 10R T Do 4s 105*4
no new 4s res-.-lSS!! « Y C A S L 4s.lO6T«
Do new 4s coup,13S* <or & W'con 4S.102V&
V>o old 4s reR....112V )r Nav lsts 109
Do old 4s coup. ..113'* ' Do 4s 104
Do 5s res \OfM O S Una 6s 12!»4
Do 5s coup 10S?i Do con 5s .'..... ..11SS
Dlst of C S.65s. ...124 Read Gen 4s 98H
Atch gen 4a 104% R Q AV lsts 1O3V4
Do artjt 4s 93 S L & I M eon 5s.ll7V 4
Canada So 2da....lO9 R I, H F Gen 6s.l3«V
C * O 4Vis losr *t Paul con lS0 3 i
Do 5s 120' • P C & P lsts.. .118
C. & N con 7s 142' Do 5s llft'J '
C & X S F Deb 5S.122 1 Vac 4s 93',{
Ohlcn^o Term 4s.. %' i Ry 5s 120
Colo So 4s R!> v 'tandurd R & T 6s «4%i
D & U G 4s .'.104U Fox & Pac lsts.. ..HSU
Erie Gen 4« SOU Do 2ds 99
Ft W & I") C lsts.107^4 tlnton l'ac 4s 10S14
Gen Elec 5s 200 Wnbnsh lsts 119V1
Town Cent lots ...US Do 2ds 114
J. & N TTnl 4s 1O3T4 West Shore 4s ,...UR
M K & T 2ds 8« Wls Cent lsts .... 92>i
Do 4s 99U Va Centuries ...... 96V4
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 15 Little Chief IS
Alice 41 Ontario : S 75
Breece 1 60 Ophlr M
Brunswick Con .... 15 Phoenix 12
Comstock Tunnel ...6V» Potosi 08
Con Cal & Va 3 10 Savage f9
Dead wood Terra .. 50 Sierra Nevada 20
Horn Silver 135 Small Hopes 40
Iron Silver 69 Standard 3 65
Leadrille Con 05 1
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— Union Land 3
Tall loans 3 «?3V4 West End 95"
Time loans VA<8hi Westlnghouse" Elec 63V4
Stocks— Bonds—
A T & S F... SSVi Atchison 4a ..".....103%
Do prefd ...104;» X K Gas & Coke 5s 60
American Sugar. ..143 Mining shares —
Do ' prefd: :.•.. 1224 Adventure ..-. 108
Amn Telephone.... 159'A Blngham Mng. Co 23
Boston & Albany.. 233 Amal. Copper ....124
Boston Elevated... 177 Atlantic -....372
Boston & Maine... 194 Boston & Montana.495 \
C B & Q.. 196H Butte & Boston ..123^.
Dominion Coal 4 Hi Calumet & Hecla.800 . •
Do prefd imj Centennial 31>i
U S Steel 48% Franklin 17'.i
Do prefd , 9S^ Humboldt -... 25
Fitchburg prefd 147 Osceola 89
OenI lilectric 258 Parrot 53
Mexican Central... 2S% Quincy 172
N E Gas & Coke.. S^'Banta Fe Copper.. "Vs
Did Colony 20S Tamarack 337
Did Dominion 32?i Utah Mining 29^
Rubber 21% Winona 2>4
Union Pacific 112H Wolverines 59
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
¦
•'
Weekly bank clearings slwzv the usual gain.
Shipment of $147,590 to China.
Nothing new on t he local -stock exchanges.
Exchange and Silver as previously quoted.
Wheat futures lower.
Red and black Oats continue to decline. ~^
Heavy shipping demand for brewing Barley.
Com and Rye dull and unchanged. ' : :
Hay stcadiiy weakening. Fcedstiiifs unchanged.
Beans and Seeds neglected and nominal.
Potatoes weak. Onions steady. Vegetables very plentiful.
Two cars of Eastern Poultry announced for to-morrow.
No\hange in Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Another auction sale of Oranges Monday.
Fresh fruits continue in large supply. .-v. s V-'
Not much doing in Drkd Fruits. |
Provisions firmly held. I . '
Hogs /inner again. Other Meats unchanged.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
LONDON. June 22.— Atchlson. 91%; Canadian
Pacific. 119V4; ' Union ¦ Pacific - preferred, 93V4:
Northern Pacific preferred, 100; Grand Trunk.
11%; Anaconda, 10%; United States Steel,' 50%;
United States Steel preferred, 101%: bar sil
ver firm, 27 7-16d per ounce; money, 2 per cent.
.....__ : _ ' *
CLOSING
' The stock-market was stagnant but v steady,
with American ¦ shares . somewhat - uncertain.
New York's "higher prices induced some profit
taking, with the result that quotations dropped
slightly under parity. When this selling move
ment ceased the tone hardened and the close
was firm and a shade above parity. . The fea
tures were Union Pacific and Southern Pacific
NEW YORK. June 22.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial . cablegram says: [
London Market.
The Bank of ' England's .report, shows that
the reserve and holding of ¦ bullion totals lour
millions more than a year ago, ;. This will con
siderably, decline 'during the next few weeks,
in consequence i of .the usual': outflow to the
country In connection with ' the holidays. The
holiday requirements will I probably be three
and a. half millions. , An early advance in the
bank rate is improbable.' Unless the reserve
reaches twenty millions. It is not likely there
will be an advance Until autumn, when the
demand for gold In the United States and on
the Continent ' may necessitate, a 4 per cent
rate. '¦-,•, '. ' •'¦.'¦
Immense trade • balance, ' the" process should not
be lengthy. .. Moreover, in view of .the cheap
ness of money in : London, Parti and .Berlin;
greater eagerness may presently 2 be , shown ¦ to
continue - the .loans, when -the, amount is re
duced. Consequently, 'should money in. New
York be easy, a rapid decline in exchange may
be witnessed." ',.•... ¦'¦¦ ¦¦¦ '
FOR SATURDAY. June 22.
Flour, qr eks..... 9.984 Middlings, sks .. 395
Wheat, ctls .....70.28S Bran, sks 7-5
Barley, ctls '.....'.64,851 Shorts, sks 100
Oats, ctls '2.200 Raisins, bxs ..... 2 300
Tallow, ctls '...-. 228 Pelts, bdls 6S
Corn, ctls 30 Hides, No <......„ 135
Chicory. bbl« ...: 15 Leather.' rolls .... 102
Lime, bbls 1S2 Wine, gala 3,090
Quicksilver, flsks. 170 Hay. tons ........ C01
Potatoes, sks .... 2.892 Straw, tons 5
Sugar, sks ....... 2.400 Wool, bales .. 137
Onions, sks 333
Receipts of Produce.
¦ Crushed, 8.25c: Powdered. 5.85c; Candy Gran
ulated. 5.85c;' Dry Granulated, 5.75c: Confec
tioners' A. 6.73c: Fruit Granulated. 5.73c; Mag
nolia A, 5.35c; Extra C, 5.25c; Golden C. 5.13c;
barrels, 10c more; half-barrels, 25c more; box
es. 60c more; 60-lb bags, 10c more. No orders
taken for less than 75 barrels or its equivalent.
Dominos, half-barrels. 6.50c; boxes. 6.75c per lb.
COAL OIL— Water White Coal Oil. In bulk;
124c; Pearl Oil. in cases, lSHc; Astral, 18Hc;
Star, 18%c; Extra Star. 22%c; Elaine. 23Vic;
Eocene. 20^c; deodorized stove Gasoline, in
bulk. 15c; in cases, 21c; Benzine. In bulk, 14c;
In cases, 20c; 86-degree Gasoline, in bulk. 20c;
in cases, 26o. • . »\ '.
TURPENTINE-^58c per gallon in cases and
62o in drums or iron barrels.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, per lb, in 10O-lb bags:
OILS— California Castor OH, in cases. No 1
75c; pure, $1 30; Linseed Oil, In barrels, boiled.
81c; raw, -79c; cases, 5c more; Lard Oil, extra
winter strained, barrels, 80c: cases, 83c; China
Nut, 63@63c per gallon: pure Neatsfoot Oil. bar
rels, 65a; cases, 70c: Sperm, pure, 63c; Whale
Oil, -natural white. 37H®42'^c per gallon; Fish
Oil, In barrels, 35c; cases, 40c.
RICE-Chlna, No.- 2. $4 10: No. 1. $4 63@5; ex
tra. $5 20@5 60: Japanese. $4 75@3 50; Louisiana
$4Cij'8 50; Hawaiian, nominal.
COAL— Wellington, $9 per ton: '¦ Southfleld
Wellington, $9: Seattle, J7: Bryant. $6 50; Coos
Bay, $5 60; Wallsend, $9; Co-operative Walls
end, $9; Cumberland, $12 50 in bulk and $13 75
jn . sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $14;
Cannel. $10 per ton: Coke. $15 per ton in bulk
and $17 in sacks; Rocky Mountain descrip
tions, $8 43 per 2000 lbs and $8 50 per ton, ac
cording to brand.
GRAIN BAGS— San Ouentln Bags. $5 65: Cal
cutta Grain Bags, 7%c; local make, %a less
than Calcuttas; Wool Bags, 32@35c; : Flesce
Twine. 7H@8c.
General Merchandise.
PORK— Live Hogs. ISO lbs and under, 6®SUe
180 to 225 lbs. 6c; 225 and over. 5%@5%c; feed
ers. ; dressed Hogs, 7%@9%c.
The decline In Hogs has been arrested ana
the market is firmer, as dairy Hogs are going
out and grain Hogs will not come In for sev
eral weeks yet. Quotations are unchanged.
however. Other Meats are as before.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
- BEEF— 6?i@7c for Steers and 6©64o per lb for
cows. • , - >
VEAL— Large, 7M@3e: small, 8@9c per lb
MUTTON— Wethers, 7@8c; Ewes, 6ft@7e per
pounds.
LAMB— Spring. 8@9c per pound.
HIDES AND BKIN8— Culls and brands sell
about VAc under quotations. Heavy Salted
Steers. lOttc: medium. 9@9Hc; light, 9c; Cow
Hides, 8H@9c for heavy and 8@8%e for light;
Stags, 6V4c; Salted Kip, 9%c; Baited Veal,
9tf@10c; Salted Calf. 10c; Dry Hides, 16@16^c;
Culls. 13V4®14c: Dry Kip. 16c: Dry Calf. 16%@
17c; Culls and Brands, 13@14c: Eheepskins
shearlings, 15@30c each; short "Wool, 3<K?.*0c
each; 1 medium, 60@75c; long Wool. 80c@$l
each: Horse Hides, salt. $2 60@3 75 for large
and $2 25 for medium. $1 50<31 75 for small and
60c 'for Colts: Horse Hides, dry. Jl 75 for large.
$1 60 for medium.- $1 23 for small and 50c for
Colts. Deerskins — Summer or red skins, 35c;
fall or medium skins, 30c; winter or thin eklns.
20c. Goatskins— Prime Angoras, 75c; large and
smooth, BOc; medium, 35c. . •
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4%@4«ie per lb;
choice. 6c: No. 2. 3%@4e; grease. 2#2Hc.
WOOL— Spring. 1900 or 1901— Humboldt and
Mendoclno. 13@14Hc per lb: Northern, free, 12^
13c; defective, 9@llc: Middle County, free, 19@
lie; do defective, S@10c; Southern. 12 months,
8@9c:. Southern, free. 7 months. 7@10c; do. de
fective, 7 months. 7@8c; Oregon Valley, fine.
14@15c; do. medium and coarse, ll@13c; Oregon
Eastern, choice. ll@13c; do, fair to good, 9®Uc;
Nevada, lie.
HOPS— 15® 20c per lb.
i San Francisco Meat Market.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Heps.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 6%c p*r lb for com
pound and tOVac for pure: half-barrels, pure.
loufffinv^c: 10-lb tins, U®n%c: 6-lb tins, iihc
POTTOLENE— One half-barrel. 9%c; thre«
half-barrels, Hie: one tierce, 9 He; two tierces,
9c; five tierce*. 8%c per lb.
Ct'HED MEATS— Bacon, 12c per lb for heavy,
12Hti»l!c for light medium, 13VJc for light. 14Ho
for extra light and 15',4c for sugar-cured: East
ern sugar-cured Hams. 12%J&13c; Mess Beef, $12
per barrel; extra Mess, $12 50; Family, $13 50;
prime Mesa Pork, $15; extra clear, $23; Mess
$19; Smoked Beef. 13' j® 14c per lb.
Dealers eontinu* to report a firm and fairly
active market at the old 'quotations.
Provisions.
HONEY— Comb. 10®llo for bright and Sifmje
for light amber; water white extracted. 5®5Vic;
light amber extracted. 4{?4Vj>c; dark. 3Uc
BEESWAX-25<S2Sc per lb.
RAISINS— The Raisin Growers' Association
has established the following prices: Bleached
Thompson's "fancy. 12c per lb; choice, lie;
standard, 10c: prime, 9c; unbleached Thomp
son's. 9o per lb. Sultanas— Fancy, 10%o per lb:
choice, 9Uc: standard, s»;c: prime, 8c; un
bleached Sultanas, 8c; Seedless. 60-lb boxes,
6V4o; 4-crown, 7c: 3-crown. «Hc: 2-crown, 6c:
Pacific brand— 2-crown, 6c; S-crown, 6Uc. and
4-crown, 5V4c: seeded (Fresno prices), 5%c;
London Layers, 2-crown, $1 50 per box: S-crown,
$1 60; Fancy Clusters, $2; Dehesa, 52 50; Im
perials, $3. All prices f. o. b. at common ship
ping points nl California.
NUTP— Walnuts. No. 1 softahell. llfMWc:
No. 2. 8©8Uc: No. 1 hardshell. 10<910He: No." 2.
6^©7V4c; Almonds, 13(f?Uc for paper-shell 10®
lie for snftshell and 5®6c for hardshell; Pea
nut!!, M?'6c for Eastern; Brazil Nu(s, U@ll%c:
Filberts, 12®12V4c: Pecans, 11913c; Cocoanuu,
$3 !WS.
FRUITS— Apricots, 5®7%c for old crop and
7V6@3%c for new; Evaporated Apples. 5%©6c;
sun dried, l%S2%c: Peaches. 3%®4e for stand
ard, 4%@5V4c for choice and 6@6'4c for fancy;
Pears, 2®7c; Plums, pitted, 3® 4c; unpitted, %©
lUc; Nectarines, 4@4&c for red and 4®5o for
white. ¦. ¦ I .
PRUNES— 4 sixes. 3c: 40-50s, 6tfc; 60-eOs. 4%c:
60-7OS, 2%c; 70-80S. S«4c; 80-90s, 2%c; 90-100s. 2Hc;
100-1209. lHc.
There is a little • something doing In new
Apricots at unchanged quotations. Otherwise
the market rules dull and featureless.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
APRICOTS— 25@50c per box. 33S65c per crate
and 25<g35c per basket; in bulk, $15@23 per ton.
CHERRIES— 50@90c for dark and 60c@$l for
Royal Anne; in bulk, 5<3Sc per lb for black,
4c for red and 5@Sc for Royal Anne.
- PLUMS-^-15@35c per box and 25@30c per bas
ket for Clyman and 33@75c per crate for Trag
edy; Plums. In bulk, J10 per ton. *•
CHERRY PLUMS— 15@25o per box.
PEACHES— 20@25c per box and 25@50c per
basket. - - . .
PEARS— Madelines, 15@25c per basket; Bart
letts. $1 50 uer box.
STRAWBERRIES— $3@6 per chest for Long-
Worths and $3@5 for large berries. Receipts
were 523 chests. Some in crates sold at 75c. i
LOGAN BERRIES— $4@6 per chest.
BLACKBERRIES— $2 75@5 per chest and 50c
per crate.
RASPBERRIES — $4@6 per chest and 50@75c
per crate.
GOOSEBERRIES— 2CNg30c per drawer and 1@
2c in bulk. • , #
CURRANTS— $2 50@5 per chest.
FIGS— Black, 23®50c per box for single and
75c@$l 50 for double layers; White. 50@60c per
box. , , • . ¦.
MELONS — Watermelons from Indlo. $2(35 per
dozen; Nutmegs from Yuma, $1 "5@1 50 per
crate; from Indlo, in large craes, 14.
GRAPES— Seedless, from Arizona. $1 50(31 75
per crate.
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges, 7Sc®$2 25;
Seedlings. 25c@$l 25: Mediterranean Sweets, 50c
&%1 50: Valencias. $1 B0@2 25: Lemons. 73c@$l 23
for common and $1 50@2 50 for good to choice;
Grape Fruit. SOcfgil £0; Mexican Limes, $4@>5;
Bananas, $1@2 per bunch for New Orleans anil
75c@$2 for Honolulu; Pineapples, $1 50@2 50
per dozen. ¦ "•
DECIDUOUS FRUITS
APPLES— Cold storage, old; $1 25©2 50 per
box ; new, 35<g>90c per large box and 15@25c per
basket.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Prices for summer fruits have been practi
cally stationary for several days, the only ex
ception being Figs, which have steadily de
clined, : and are dull and weak. There are
less Peaches -on the market, however. Apricots
In bulk are generally small, scaly and other
wise Inferior, and the canners are taking them
at the quotations which have ruled for some
days. Berries continue cheap and plentiful.
Three cars of Oranges are announced for to
morrow's auction. The market for Oranges.
Lemons and Limes continues oversupplled and
weak, with a light demand.
common, nominal; Young Americas, 9c; East
ern, full cream. 15®16%c per lb.
EGGS— : »-¦ ¦
California Ranch— Selected white. lTHc;
mixed colors. 15c per dosen. ¦
California Gathered— Selected, 15c; standard.
12%c; seconds, .
Eastern— Standard, 14%c per dozen.
WASHINGTON.
Northern Wheat Market.
TACOMA. June 22.— Wheat— Quiet; Blue
Stem,.61%c; Club. 69»,4c.
PORTLAND, June 22.— Wheat— Walla Walla,
58c; Blue Stem, 60c. I
OREGON.
PORTLAND, June 22.-Clearings, $259,840 ;
balances, $81,417. . . .
Portland's- Business.
WHEAT— Spot, dull; No. 2 red Western win
ter. 5s 9d; No. 1 Northern spring, us 8%d; No.
I Oalifomia. 6s lid. Futures, easy; July; 5s
>id: September. 5s 6»4d.
CORN— Spot, firm: American mixed new,
4s Vid; do old, 4s 2%d. Futures, quiet;. July,
3s lH4d: September 3s ll%d. •
FLOUR— St. Louis fancy winter dull, 7s 9d.
HOPS— At London (Pacific Coast), steady,
£4@£4 15s.
CLOSING.
LONDON, June 22.— Consols; 9SH; silver.
27 7-16d; French rentes. lOOf 85c; wheat cargoes
on passage, quieter and hardly any demand;
No. 1 standard California, 29s; English country
markets, quiet.' . • ¦ . »
LIVERPOOL, June 22.— Wheat, dull: No. 1
standard California, 53 10%d@5s lid; wheat In
Paris, dull; flour In Paris, dull; weather in
England fine. . /
, COTTON— Uplands, ¦ 4 23-32d.
Foreign Markets.
NEW YORK, .June 22.— Trading in the mar
ket for metals was on a very small. scale and
was done I in the way ot filling well de
fined wants. Prices were about as last quoted
on all metals. Tin, $28 50@28 60 ; lead. J4 37H;
spelter. J3 92^3 97%. Lake copper. $17; cast-
Ing. $16 62V4. Piglron warrants. $3 5O@10: South
ern foundry, : $14 25@15 50; Northern foundry,
$13 75i3!l r i 25.- " . ¦
New York Metal Market.
The Imports of dry goods and merchandise at
the port of New York for this week are valued
at $8,879,521. • :. ,: . ,' . .
THE SAN FRANCISCOaCALI,, SUNDAY^ vtfUNE 23, 1901;
THE COAST RECORD.
LIVERPOOL,
Wheat— July. Sept.
Opening 6 6tf 5 6U
Closing ..' :..... 5 6H 5 6!i
'PARIS.
- Wheat— ' . .- June. . Sept. -Deo,
Opening Id 90 ¦ 20 80
Closing 2000' 2095
Flour— ¦-..¦¦{
Opening .'..25 85 26 60
Closing ;..... 23 40 26 75
Chicago Livestock Market'
CHICAGO, . June 22.— CATTLE— Receipt*, ' 300.
Nominally steady. • Good to prime steers, $5 CO®
6 30; poor to medium,"- $4 60@5 40; stockers and
feeders, slow, $4 20@4 85; cows. $2 70@4 85; heif
ers, %2 76@5; canners, $2@2 65; bulls, $3@4 60;
calves, 14 60#6 50; Texas Bteers, v 14 25®5 40:
Texas bulls, J2 75@4 75. . ... " .
31
STATIONS.
3
|
K K- 0
*3t» *5r £5"
filial
{ 3 : 3 g§
o
H
Astoria 30.14 58 62 NW Cloudy .00
Baker 59.82 64 4f XW Cloudy .00
Careen 28.80 78 64 SW Clear .00
Eureka 30.12 56 62 MV Clear .00
Fresno 29.74 96 66 Is*W Clear .00
Flagstaff 29.90 86 « SW Pt Cldy .00
Pocatello. Idaho.29.62 R4 54 N'TV Cloudy .00
Independence 29.5S 94 64 VI* Clear/ .00
lorn ARgelee 29.82 78 54 "W Clear .00
Phoenix 23.61108 C5 SW Clear .00
Portland 30.06 60 B5 TT Cloudy T.
Red Bluff 29.72 »0 €4 BE Clear .00
Rostburg 30.08 60 54 N'W Cloudy .00
Sacramento 29.80 80 54 StV* Clear .00
Salt Lake .' 29.56 90 62 KB Clear .00
Ban Francisco 29.92 62 48 W Clear .00
Ban Luis Obispo.29.S2 72 48 Vf Clear .00
Ran Diego 29.82 66 CO SW Cloudy .00
Seattle 3D.08 60 50 JfW Cloudy T.
fpekane 2».84 S4 48 S Cloudy .00
Xcah Bay 30.10 58 48 NTT Clear .00
"Walla Walla 23.86 72 £4 W Pt Cldy .00
Winnemucca 29.58 S4 56 SW Pt Cldy .09
Yuan 29.62 110 70 SW Clear .00
STATIONS.
3
|
K K- 0
*3t» *5r £5"
filial
{ 3 : 3 g§
o
H
Astoria 30.14 58 62 NW Cloudy .00
Baker 59.82 64 4f XW Cloudy .00
Careen 28.80 78 64 SW Clear .00
Eureka 30.12 56 62 MV Clear .00
Fresno 29.74 96 66 Is*W Clear .00
Flagstaff 29.90 86 « SW Pt Cldy .00
Pocatello. Idaho.29.62 R4 54 N'TV Cloudy .00
Independence 29.5S 94 64 VI* Clear/ .00
lorn ARgelee 29.82 78 54 "W Clear .00
Phoenix 23.61108 C5 SW Clear .00
Portland 30.06 60 B5 TT Cloudy T.
Red Bluff 29.72 »0 €4 BE Clear .00
Rostburg 30.08 60 54 N'W Cloudy .00
Sacramento 29.80 80 54 StV* Clear .00
Salt Lake .' 29.56 90 62 KB Clear .00
Ban Francisco 29.92 62 48 W Clear .00
Ban Luis Obispo.29.S2 72 48 Vf Clear .00
Ran Diego 29.82 66 CO SW Cloudy .00
Seattle 3D.08 60 50 JfW Cloudy T.
fpekane 2».84 S4 48 S Cloudy .00
Xcah Bay 30.10 58 48 NTT Clear .00
"Walla Walla 23.86 72 £4 W Pt Cldy .00
Winnemucca 29.58 S4 56 SW Pt Cldy .09
Yuan 29.62 110 70 SW Clear .00
MORTGAGE SALE
By the order of G. H. PETtRT, mortgaeeaw-
the contents of the Willows Stable. 2123 Mis-
sion street, will be sold at auction on TUES-
DAY, June 25, at 11 a. m.. consisting: of 39
Horses, 4 Hacks, Buggies. Wagons, Surrey,
Harness, etc. J. J. DOYLE, Auctioneer.
At 11 a. m., at
Salesyard. 1732 MARKET STREET, coma*
Van Ness avenue.
FRED H. .CHASE A CO.,
Successor? to Killlp & Co..
• YREKA and others.
To be sold oh THURSDAY. June 27. 1901.
AUCTION SALE
7.1 Head of YOUNG BROKEN DRTvTN'a,
WORK and DRAFT HORSES, suitable for
bakers, milkmen, express, contractors, brewery,
delivery, etc.. weighing from IOOO to 13OO;
matched team;.
PROPERTY OF J. W. CHURCHILL OB!
FRIDAY, June 17. at 11 o'clock, at J. T>.
Horan's salesyards. corner Tenth and Bryant
ets. By order of Captain Hackett. I will sell
100 head of the finest bred trotting and run-
ning horses ever offered In California.; also
several matched carriage teams, polo ponies
and work horses of every description. The
above stock was formerly owned by Dan Mc-
Carthy. . They are all well broken to and bred
in the purple and will positively be sold to the-
highest bidder without reserve. Catalogues day
of sale. S. WATKINS. Auctioneer.
AUCTION SALE.
Jfe* &* £a
SPEED. SPEED. SPEED.
• MONDAY. June 24, at 11 . o'clock, at 1824
FOLSOM street, between 12th and 13th, of 40
Head of WELL-BROKEN HORSES, suitable
for contractors, campers and delivery wagons:
also S Head of well-broken saddle and driving
horses and one handsome pony, suitable for
children to ride and drive. This stock will b*
shown in harness.
-. S. W ATKINS, Auctioneer.
£» AUCTION SALE. £*
AUCTION SALESNEW YORK, June 22.-It was an
nounced to-day that W. C. Whitney has
purchased Nasturtium, the two-year-old
colt, from A. L. Aste. The reported price
ls $50,000.
Whitney Buys Nasturtium.
reasonably desire, he was arrested on a
charge of circulating counterfeit -tea-cent
pieces, a quantity of which were found ln
a eafe ln his office. /¦»
After three long trials in the-Unlted
States "Circuit Court that nearly swept
away his wife's property. Howell secured
his f-eedom. Mrs. Howell stood by him
until he was liberated, and then left him.
Moneyless and with the respect of none
of those who knew him. Howell took to
drink and has been on the down grade
ever since. He has eked out an existence
celling cigars on commission.
The contest over the Johnson estate was
a celebrated case in the San Joaquin Val
ley.
Falling to arouse Howell and being un
able to gain an entrance to his room the
officers broke down the door. Lying on
the bed, with a sheet wrapped around his
body, was Howell. The room was flhed
with gas that flowed from two burners.
Howell was ln an almost unconscious con
dition, but recovered soon after being car
ried Into the fresh air. As he admitted
that he had been drinking the officers
summoned the patrol wagon and had him
locked up on a charge of drunkenness.
After being released yesterday morning
he told the desk sergeant at the City
Prison that he Intended to make a third
attempt at suicide.
4 *Tlio world is against me," he pitifully
remarked, as tears coursed down his
cheeks, "and I am determined to end It
all. Broken in health and spirit and with
out friends or money I have nothing to
live for. and want to die."
Howell. before leaving the prison, de
clared that he would put himself out of
the way, even If he had to throw himself
ln front of a moving train.
Wife's Large Estate Saved "etc™.
Howell was one of the best known men
ln the San Joaquin Valley at one time.
For years he was a merchant in Modesto,
Stanislaus County. He married the
adopted daughter of a farmer named
Johnson of San Joaquin County, who was
worth more than half a million 'dollars.
Upon Johnson's death no will was found
and the adopted daughter secured the
bulk of the big estate after a desperate
court battle ln which ex-Governor Budd
took a prominent part.
Despite the fact that Howell had prac
tical control of all his wife's estate and
could purchase every luxury one could
Says He Will Yet Kill Himself.
afterward went to the room occupied by
Howell and falling to get a response to
his repeated knocking on the door quickly
summoned two policemen to the house.
considerable work, and as he promised not
to make another attempt on his life the
police were not called in. ¦>
About an hour later Howell again turned
on the gas, after securely locking the
door and closing the transom. Suspecting
that he might make a second attempt to
take his own life, the clerk a short time
Howell's heavy breathing shortly after
trard attracted the attention of one of the
roomers, and he notified the clerk. The
latter, after forcing an entrance to the
room, found Howell lying on the floor,
partly stupefied from the effects of the
escaping gas. He was resuscitated after
iL D. Kowell, formerly a wealthy resi
dent of Stockton and who gained noto
riety some time ago through his alleged
connection with a gang of counterfeiters,
made two attempts to kill himself last
Friday night. He rented a room at the St.
XJavld'e House, at 715 Howard street, and
prepared to die. After partly disrobing
he stuffed the keyhole with paper and
then turned on the gas.
?
Former Man of Wealth Who
Fell From Grace At
tempts Suicide.
Notorious Counterfeiting
Suspect Turns on
. the Gas.
HOWELL TIRES
OF EXISTENCE
The length of his absence ls not as yet
fully determined, but his trip will not last
more than a. few weeks on account of the
many interests which demand his almost
constant attendance in this city.
He Intends to make a study of Eastern
methods of transacting business and to
bring home with him and put Into opera
tion those principles which he .may think
will be of benefit to this coast.
Julius Raphael, president of the Ra
phael Clothing Company, left for New
York last night on business which is said
to be of the greatest importance to the
Industries of California. What this busi
ness is Mr. Raphael declines to state, but
it is hinted in commercial circles that the
great clothing firm of which he is presi
dent contemplates the establishment of a
large factory near this city. >
Mr. Raphael admits that his mission ls
one which may prove to be of the great
est benefit to local Industrial conditions
and states that it will probably take him
to European centers of trade before he
can return. After the more important
business connected with his trip is trans
acted Mr. Raphael will visit the principal
cities of the East on business connected
with his firm. • . , . . ¦ ...
The committee allowed the claim of L.
W. Gerkey. Deputy Sheriff of Slskiyou
County, for $137 45 for services rendered ln
executing a writ of habeas corpus. The
claim must first be approved by Superior
Judge Dunne. \
GOES EAST ON" MISSION
OB 1 GREAT IMPORTANCE
Julius Raphael Leaves for Extended
Journey Which May Include
Trip to Europe.
Chairman Brandensteln favored the re
jection of bids not accompanied by a
sufficient check. This action would throw
out the proposals of Phillips & Smyth,
Valleau & Peterson, the Commercial Pub
lishing Company and P. N. Steuart.
Comte agreed with Brandenstein that the
checks should equal 10 per cent of the ag
gregate . amount called for ln the pro
posals and not 10 per cent of the amounts
required by the ; various departments, as
had been the custom in the past. Comte,
however, held that the bidders had bid in
good faith and had further agreed to file
a bond for the proper carrying out of the
contract. He favored this course, but
Brandensteln would not agree to it. The
dispute between the printing firms will be
taken up at th,e board's meeting to-mor
row. .
The Judiciary Committee of the Board
of Supervisors decided yesterday that four
printing firms who had subniitted bids
for furnishing printed forms and blanks
to various departments, officers and of
fices of the municipality had neglected to
file certified checks covering 10 per cent
of the estimated amount of printing called
for Jn the proposals invited. The commit
tee further found that the charter makes
it mandatory that the checks shall be
for 10 per cent of the total amount The
committee, however, referred the ques
tion back to the board without recommen
dation, as It was divided on the question
of rejecting all bids and readvertlslng
again. If the charter ls obeyed the course
indicated must be followed.
Judiciary Committee Finds
Certified Checks Are
• , Insufficient.,
Supervisors Disagree in
Regard to Their
Rejection.
MAY ORDER NEW
PRINTING BIDS
32
THE SAN rBAXTOISCO OALIi, SUNDAY, JUNE ?3, 1901.
" BUFFALO," ! June 22.— Minister . Conger
left; here . to-night : for ' St.^ Joseph, Mich;,
where Jat . Barton ; Harbor , he : -will " join ln
the Conger ;¦ reception r on : Monday - night.
¦-'.'I; sail '.for China- on July 17," "Bald Mr.
Conger. . . / .
Conger's ; K-eturn v to Peking 1 .
The Supreme Court Tderiied yesterday a
"writ of habeas corpus to free Mary Leilah
Kirkham ¦ Blair Yarde-Buller ;- from M the
guardianship ¦ of Attorney • Greenbaum and
place her. ln ' the care of , George . Wright,
who "was ; legally . appointed . guardian . of
the lady last February.' Greenbaum main
tained that -i his appointment * antedated
that of .Wright, andvhls > claim was sus
tained. ' ¦
Hat eas Corpus Writ Denied.
reception will be given at the Press, Club
, rooms by the . California. Press ;, Associa
t tlon, the Press Club and other local news-
The Press Club of San Francisco ' and
the California Press Association are plan
ning to extend a hearty welcome' to 'the
members of the Alabama Press Associa
tion excursion, due to arrive here next
Wednesday. The visitors will be pYopcrly
received and entertained during' their
three days' stay ' in San Francisco. .
W. D." Pennycook, president of the Cali
fornia Press Association, | and of
the '- Vallejo Chronicle; Raleigh:- Barcar,
secretary, and editor of the Vacaville Re
porter; 'Fred S. Myrtle, president of the
Press Club, and John J. Harrison, secre
tary, met at the Press Club yesterday, and
agreed upon a provisional -programme,
which will be subject to changes and ad
ditions. •¦¦" • . "
The visitors, of whom there will be at
least 120, Including the wives and daugh
ters of the Southern editors, will arrive
Wednesday morning."* Wednesday, after
noon they .will be given a ride througn
Golden Gate Park and to the Cliff House.
At night a trip to Chinatown . will be
made.
A. trip around the bay as guests of The
Call will be made Thursday. At night a
Press Club and the State
¦-Association Form
. , • Plans. ' , , T
EDITORS WILL
BE ENTERTAINED
,W. M.; Bunker 'gave Chairman Burton
a : record-breaking drive about the city
early in ; the morning. * The " Congressman
had arranged to "-".leave - at '10 "o'clock ': for
Placerviile, El Dorado County, to visit his
brother, and the drive had- to be completed
before * that hour. _
Starting- at ; 7:30 o'clock they stopped * at
the City Hall and Mr. Burton left his card
for. Mayor Phelan. After a spin out Van
Ness avenue and * back •• to Golden ;, Gate
avenue . Mr. Bunker.'- drove . direct to ; the
park and showed its. features to his guest
most thoroughly. :, ¦ Burton 1 ' admired ¦ par
ticularly, the Claus Spreckels; music stand
and was" much Impressed 'by its .dignity
and , solidity. - The drive continued around
Stow' Lake and out to; the beach and the
Cliff House.; Coming back by Point Lobos
avenue, part of .the finer residence district
was : traversed, and the Palace | Hotel was
reached.- at._9:38.; -Mr.,/ -Burton left for
The members of the Congressional Riv
ers and Harbors Committee ; and their
wives and daughters spent yesterday in
recreation and • sight-seeing. A drive to
Golden Gate Park and the Cliff House, a
visit. to the battleship Oregon and a the
ater party at : the Columbia made up . a
day^s programme that for genuine enjoy
ment exceeded that of any day since the
committee: left Washington., ¦ ' 'S'<
Congressional Party Is
• Very Pleasantly
'It Entertained.
DAY IS DEVOTED
TO SIGHTSEEING
BARK FALKLAND
SINKS IN STORM
Strikes Bishops Rock
and Goes Down in
Few Minutes.
.... •
LONDON, June 22.— The British bark
Falkland, Captain Grace, from Tacoma.
January 30, for Falmouth, with a cargo
of grain, capsized and disappeared off
Bishops. Rock at 8. o'clock this evening.
The Stagnes lifeboat at midnight brought
ashore .' twenty men. the captain's wife,
and. child and, the second mate. The lat
ter, says he fears that no others of the
'ship's company were saved.
According to the mate's story a heavy
wind early in the evening drove the Falk
land among -the 'reefs and in endeavoring
to clear them she struck on Bishops Rock,
her main yard actually striking tha light
house. - and she overturned, sinking In a
; few. minutes. .
; Grave fears are felt concerning the
safety of three other Liverpool grain
boats — the bark Manchester, Captain
Clemens, from New York, August 23, 1900,
for Yokohama; the ship Aladdin, Captain
Dutter, from Java. November, 6, for Syd
ney. N; S. "W.. and the bark Rydalmere,
Captain ."Williams, from Marseilles, March
7, for Melbourne— which have not been re
ported since September last, January and
March respectively/ 1 , ,
When -a girl tells a' young man to t&kA
heart It sounds suspiciously like a hint.
' Rufus ' N. Rhodes, < president, Birmingham
News; -W. i E. W. Yerby,' first vice president,
Greensboro ,\Vatchman; Tom .-Garner, ¦ second
vice president, Tuscaloosa Gazette; J. A. Roun
tree,. secretary. ¦ Dixie Manufacturer, ¦ Birming
ham; :.W. M. • Bunting, ¦ treasurer, Florence Her
ald. Executljw committee — Rufus • N. Rhodes,
BlrmlnRham;'"W.- H. Lawrence, ; Livingston; W.
,\V. Screws, Montgomery ; W. C. Jemlson, Tus
caloosa; C. J. HUdreth, > New • Decatur ; . W. H.
H. Judson,- Bessemer ;J..B.. Stanley, Greenville";
Chappel Cory, Montgomery: .
paper men. -i On th\s same night The Call
building will be ilhiminated in honor of
the visiting journalists. '
The San Francisco Club, which holds
forth in the dome of theClaus Spreckels
building, has extended an invitation to
the visiting. Alabamans to make them
selves at home at its rooms during their
stay here. From the dome the visitors
may" view the city and the members of the
club have provided for their entertain
ment in many ways.
A. trip, to Mount Tamalpals probably
will be arranged' for Friday, and Friday,
night is still open. The visitors will leave
Saturday, morning for ¦ San Jose, and
Monterey and ' Los Angeles will be visited
on their way homeward. .......
1 The excursion left Birmingham, Ala.,
Friday at 10:20 p. m; and is due at Kan
sas' City at 7:10 this morning. Thero a
special, train- will be made up,- consisting
of three Pullman sleepers, day coach and
baggage car, and will be. taken In charge
by' then' Santa Fe road. . The- Itinerary
westward includes short. stops at Topeka,
Newton, Dodge City, Raton, Albuquerque,
the Pertified .Forest, Canyon Diablo and
The Needles. ,.
. The • party ; will arrive at Fresno Tues
day at 5 p.m. and "will spend six hours
there. They will arrive at San Francisco
at 7: a. m. on Wednesday." tS&KiMS&i ' '"'
The officers of the Alabama Press Asso
ciation'are-as follows: . ¦¦¦ :-' . : : ;•;*>•"•
The Good Templars will celebrate the
fiftieth anniversary of the ., founding of
their order "in an appropriate* mariner on
July 9, in the ,Y.-M. C. A. Auditorium.
The celebration will be • under the aus
pices of the local lodge and all -the sub
ordinate lodges of the district. An invi
tation is>xtended to'all the old members
to , attend. . A > beautiful ¦ souvenir pro
gramme Is being prepared and everything
possible will be done to make the occa
sion a memorable one ln the annals of -the
order. 1" .'
Good Templars to Celebrate.
Placerviile at 10 'o'clock. He will rejoin
the committee at Stockton.
The entire Congressional party was
given a drive to the park in the afternoon.
Four wagonettes were provided for their
accommodation, the ladies, with Mrs. W.
"M. Bunker as their hostess, occupying one
by themselves. Besides Mr. Bunker Gen
eral Chlpman. Moses Greenebaum, Julius
Kahn and Ebenezer Scott accompanied
the party. The guests were taken around
the park and to the Cliff House. After the
return at 3:45 the members or the party
¦went aboard the Oregon as special guests.
In the evening the entire party were
guests of Gottlob. Marx & Co. and Henry
Miller at the Columbia Theater. They oc
cupied loges. and their enjoyment of the
last night of the Miller season ifras evi
dent. Mr. and Mrs. W. M. Bunker were
members of the theater party.
• The visitors will rest to-day and will
leave to-morrow at, 9:30 by special train
for Stockton, where they will be enter
tained by the citizens. They ¦ will . leave
Tuesday morning for Sacramento and will
follow the itinerary as arranged.
, .'. ;• /Halo's. ¦ / i ,;. ¦¦''J-.'y. ;;';O ;7:;'Bale>g. : "- , /.-,- ~\ - : «-r, v :] : '. U .'Hale's., .•¦..' .|".-. -..¦'¦'."-. Haltfa. : ' - \ Hale>s « '
air. Strangers are so 'struck with the A.n,d A-OW; decisive fecfuctloiXS it\ ' o ' '
about it. Selling is incidental to your MT tjFJL GlMXJUL M5CJF &^ljfrJrKMj<JP IbA «J^ JLJBMjrK^Xjr Wl#^>tJ 3^^Sf^^^^^^®388
comforts. (If you are treated riRht, Fj&ri1**f*fi Ai~f' T%f» tTM im «T ZtTiri fsZJfS* ¦ €* >ry*/-O-/n C VTn^h^'^J^^^o^S^^^^^
the sales will take care of themselves.) > £i 5 t ' 1 C€ * -**¦* 6 JJCIllllAfr dllU LJClCG 1^ Ul ictllLS SL/^^^^^%^^^^^
To that end we've a We know it y early to do this . August is -. the o i d f ash - £5 C an( j 60c Tapestries 45c.
Luxurious Ladies Parlor. ioned time. Bargains then are not near as valuable as they 15 pcs. solid color, repo weaves and two-toned figured tapes- SGir^ifai^,? ti ¦ %*$W G\
for you to lounge in. rest or read or ; . are now . So we do it now. We tries. It. Is a splendid line for furniture covering and curtains a* *-i^S^r^«r^V»5^. •#*//// 7/fll
floor ° r V1SU - B ° n ¦ thC MezzanIro IfS C!ean-UD are after your R ood-will rather than -50 In. wide, all colors. § f W^MfM^^/B M
Quite handy, too, are the manicuring f-itn*» v ° u r dollars. That's where it pays ftOr and ft<=»<~ Tonoctnhc ezrtr & 'K-^-'^Xl^M^i^^VJv/Js^
and hair-dressing parlors. . _. Lime. us— and pays us big. If we can out bUC ana b&C 1 aDeStlM^S OUC. mT^^i^^^IlJ^W£'///m
1 fiat's WnV. „,-¦* e.,f~Vi et-vl^c ne thr<;<» -inr! «snrh Some 15 pcs. here ln Oriental cross and running stripes; splen- * ! 3*V»Z"* <^^-. mL / lu ri A
'..•¦ • ?- wny. oufc such styles as these and such dld . llne of co iorin S s for draping cozy corners, lounges, pillow «C<?V>-.T.->-» .>&Z&*&f7i\
_ _• • • . prices, -we Know we siiaii ut.iind.iiy covers. ¦ i^
Mh Iffif-m*-*'*'*-?' new folks acquainted with our drapery v store as well as trraZ&^l^+l* «-.?«„ eo~ > ¦
iAUJJUSA Vziotes making hosts of regular customers think more of us. If v ; : :; T&C Tapestries for 60c. ¦ ._ 'T»,**»«r*r-T/'~ v
' — -«*--' **v»fc,«s> we wercn ' t looking ahead to the steady business this move A dozen pieces of solid color Armure weaves, prettily worked "/ & /ST&a
Newness: That's what keeps us so would brim? us jS : . very useful for many household purposes; 50 in. JJj]]2W2Sj3St9V
The^partment' "sparkles^tf TfaeSS PriCeS WOIlW Ife JJfllieCeSSary. $1,50 Tapestries $1.00. . This will attract more attention
things every day. v • . ¦ -^ But we know we've eot such a singularly attractive and Some 20 pcs. 50 in. wide, used for furniture covering, etc. to oiir art department than any one
J°tSSSJl 8 r°avK e M s mll LS -5S 'interesting drapery store that if any one comes here once S^Thiy^re inXf.Sdi'SKft 0 !? $£"££ 'Mil thing we ever put out, unless it is
be In- Newport, then New York. they come again. - . a splendid qhane'e for you folks to renew your old covering. those [(¦ -- -
W N h :w h B^^^ $I - 50 Mercerized Tapestries $1.00. -Gibson Pillow Tops 39c,
'^y^$ 7 J?^?&rJ*$2Si weren^so^eLr^elic^^arLe'd We ' re 'S^ «?«» SmWr.:^ft^wig^" '° ln ** S?t C ib5S l^lJ^nl^lSZ.
™£lt£$RndcL™grlM£&$ln Ihfn^ g • S + S 1 money, but it Instead of, $1.50, it is marked at .this sale ?1. they are made In handsome grlmd jie-
0 11 tucked moussellne and chiffon effects./ take things easier— Ret higher r»« V c a* Q - rt n .. a» rt „-. si S^ s ' Pretty colors^and finished with
Others ln horse-hair braids, combined'' prices— be twenty-five years reach- I pays. $3,50 POrtlSreS $2.65. tassels on each corner. Both sides are
wl™-»Such55w yi> liS 8 rdtei t 5 o°us Ua l in S a we'll now attain in ten.*- : -.¦¦ ' .» m pairs, 3 yds. long, 50 In. wide. -with a ten-inch heavy ffijvS "*£." SllP^ 6 m ™£
s\andard m thev w^uld se\\ tm "^ and $10 • THIS IS A NEW KIND OF ADVERTISING? No knotted over-throw fringe and a neat bottom fringe. Choose Tinted PlIIOW. TopS IOC.
but we^vl marked thimS4 45 lt Isn>t - If you'd qome in the store, breathe the atmos- from two very neat patterns and in every leading color. Very D , e tty— in poppy and pansy de-
Dut we ve marKea tnem 54.45. phere. catch the spirit that's abroad, talk with, a sales- IO , . . _ . _- . ,irnQ Ba sur? and see ttem.
Hawaiian Hats 29c. man or study the motive that's behind every sale, you'd 12^C Art Denim 9Jc. *¦ sJsns# Be * see them..
Of rnnrRP lt'q on imltattnn Tu«tth» get the same impression— "a good-will feeling." Isn't that tw= ic » nn mnH » hsmin fnr an» B^« ?« «i o m. • m "We continue our sale of ¦ *
\ji course, n s an imitation, just tne . nf»verti«incr9 Tv>e« n .K,r nn t hi in«st n«» frank in thp nuw?. This Is too gooa a oargam tor any one to miss. There are CO /¦• „»..*. ci:««— » sn.
thing for camning and outing wear. In ? lllkJ thl nrint?d news natural-reflective of 7he P art P ieces ' 33 ln * ' w ? de and in a « reat " variety of patterns and Crochet Slippers 69c.
the ordinary way. it would sell for 49c; itoJL^ No W reafl nllr n*J?r,^Yhe reaJo^ns for this sale of colors. They are in lengths from 6 to 15 yds. each. That's why They are made of German toltttog
we're able to mark them 29c for this lot. draneries a^d -e- what vou can find between the lints we>ve marked them 9%c. If you buy from the full bolt, you -yarn, very best quality: have lamV»
We tried to get four times as many as draperies and efts what you can flnd petween tne lines. WO u!d pay 12&C. . •¦ wool soles; all sizes; in black only,
we did. ——^—m—^^—^-^—mm . v :, ; ; ¦ » i - ¦ "
Readv-to-Wear Hats— 25c, 48c and ''./.". ¦ ¦ — : — r— — "- - .\v ¦
75c, including sailors, walkers, in a great '•tfU^^, -l1-*~-,jffj+~,A xnzr1rLr*Z in ~ -^ - : — '
variety of styles and shapes. We (3D/22 C J»J2111Ijf2S^* :^r^!^ Jf £CL HJW^ W~V WTT • lT J^ft
ent shades that sell in the regular way ¦ _, . , ¦ ,-,.¦»•,-,•. -, T j> ¦» ti • r i : '"- • "
%™?"SlC? c S^Sf"' , T Ji e nikercxpictedthe;/ dbesold fora. doHar. This , the stuff most ot you want for wals , s _-,i sn 't ofttn you can mm
c°»« *%2 s ssl f^s0Mmi^t0^l ou r W*** M -»'• s aai v hat>s th \ srae ' °i t hh
tvi!onL ,? i . £' * Z l w °i business wouldn't have grown to Its present proportion If we'd been narrow in cess. Women have found out we know what they like, or if -they don t
a^affito^^^^ %V?hYs%emarkable price are two remarkable'Wes:-~ ' - ' Wv what they like they've learned to depend on us to tell them, ,
; . 1800 prs. 2-Clasp Lamtosk.n Overseam and BQ n K or rhr^e^^^e^rt^Tic^^^^^
f- { 600 ppsr Chamois Gloves at One Price WKj S££L*£i Y &S!J&£3g£ SyLVSl'Z^ colors - Pcrhap9 thls ¦ ccoaat- for tt *
'toll*?*' I/k .S^^^«S%S^ ta w^. ff na^S2 ' The Silks a^t esc . French Poplins Sl-OO. - -
a(7<L/v» O-€jLJM\y • . ' Are ln seasonable colors of the new spring It's a silken stuff with a fine corded surface; s>
Arvr^rVf^P Iritfict' Our- glove business is the pride of the store, and the Rloves we sell are shades.. Two styles in small brocaded designs.
hOWlSttiemteSl fO stylish and worth y, they are the pride of all who wear them. Especially » mche. wide. n e ?n C hf ', m w"th" W " *
is fa^hinn-- ,„?„, is th is true of the "H. B." for a dollar. If you've been used to wearing $1.50 ' . ~^.
conceit? we stand so gloves youjan better appreciate this >?love than any one else. j
%F^ifboV f llc7' T$rr® %it¥& MjtflGCr ZFjtj&* are very populate Weve^plenty of them
miy e .^frmn 1 ii\"e? m tc? lnk> blU6> lllaCl fburteettSeVeXlty-Fl Vf> • La Cy> . grenadine ideas !n black cot ton S havsuddenly found fa^or with
' : Z^vsA^^^ *^ he Dare cost °f l he material alone is more than particular folks. Here are many good reasons why it should. If you've come
A Surprise in • I V^ ftV fourteen seventy-five; then you're gettinj? the tail- here and see what beautiful effects may be gotten from it, you'd know why.
rv -T ' _ •- / ' » B\ onnsr and brains for nothing. That's a big item in BT. A CK Ftottrv.t) IiAWlTS— vi inches OTHER BLACK LAWN5. 15c— la
1 InpCC f'/V/^/in I ft v, / W HI this class of SUltS. There wasn't more thoueht or £' lde> In checks, p'aidaand 8trtp«a designs. irrenidln* effects, striped Idea prevail*.
flC^^UUUUb 14 ' A A I |J better work back of them when they sold for $22oO The^ are in great demand just now. I2%o They are and pretty ituff. and our
Pretty seasonable worsteds, cheaper \ 1 \'MI ? nd $2475> ?, h l y ? me , from ? ne of the lareest and BLA.CK FIGTTR15D DIMITIES.-20c BT.ACK IMPORTED GOODS. 50c—
now than cottons^- Two ' styles to '\JaiufA longest established makers in the country. He 7 1 " ", lar «* v "«ety of pattemsriace and * O m of the"7iiion^ rSveity»Sod?\a hSd!
choose from-ch eC ks and small U^lw wanted to turn his attention to fall, and he has-he bX.AcT NOVELTIES ?£Z &r" " d 8maU W ° Vea °^
stripes. It's a timely offer. Comes * >fl cave us • • stuff small open-work stripes, catchy
just when you want something for - W THCCC CIIITC aT* a i/^crc? P att * rna - -*
your children this summer— 12 inches 'ff\ lliCoCoUIIo A 1, A LUoo
wide— 14c for what is usually 25c. \ /kg* in order to gain his point. , .
for you^ow^upTolkr 0 KamS / fk Collarless Eton Jacket-taffeta lined, vest front Jlfo fnPffa'J£hff~ JTnA^I^M^P^V
S 10 //ZJ\ \ effect, with stitched satin straps and braid belt to " * WAl£<LjLJL& JLkUJL^S L/lAt/Cl fVt,Cil
Toe ISIack Series 5Dc. x ///^i \ • match crossing in front; flare skirt, with 2 bands of +-*ArAr trrf +1-.*>:*~ f rr 11~-+ --
in^. r Vidt% .'. tl 2Sh! lI - wo l^ brlc: « ///\\ '» stitched satin and silk taffeta drop skirt; they are "^ Z ° C/C % f^ *ne31~ tUjJeSt'
mche.w.de. n 1.. usuau, t0C ;^ here now.. U U made of black and navy cheviot and pray homespun. '^ot 1 doilhtfut garment fnOD<Stthem
Black and flitured P^n O 8 Ln h C «t h , /f / , \ Open Eton Jacket-with i-inch taffeta straps all j
38 inches wide? Quite the thing -for ouunkr U \ round, straps on dart; turn-down L'Aitrlon collar. Comfort first— then service — then economy, means: Pleasure first — then
wear, as it's a hard finish, sheds the dust. fW V 1 ¦ taffeta lined; flounced skirt, trimmed with i-inch safety — then satisfactoryness.
75c Waistin^s for 50c. ff^BW—^WV S. affeta Strap3; silk drop skirt) Kray and oxford \ I The way a garment is cut and sewed and shaped _
Fine all-wool Imported goods ln fancy col- Vs^^^i V homespun. " ; :,-_ I COMFORT ' I ls flr st criticized and passed on by an expert. . r,*^*-- ¦¦_
ore and stripes on cream grounds or it's on /^¥» M?*T ' \ Qoen Eton Jacket with moire vp?t taffpta 15npH | ww»» wi« .. j Fact Js we could Bell much underwear lower B»4»S
coored grounds, a splendid assortment of L*Ft IVi \ t .M? 1 o»cisei-witn moire^vest. tatteta lined. thar. we do if we weren't so particular how It's made. We expect Vii
PopuTar n^tenai for^htJ-f^ .", '% a ,, very rlilJD Gj /I "/£ L Aijjlon collar, trimmed with taffeta straps all to sell to you more than once. So we put as much comfort as we >H
TncC Vwe- 60c now" usually 7^^ : fu " y " HMUl round: floUnce skirt ' 3^-inch strap all round; lined can Into every garment. O
_____^_^^_ ' jPWplfck. . "^ ' y with taffeta or taffeta silk drop skirt: made of navv I __„,.,-,,_ I We couldn't expect you to com? back again If /^*ili&*^
y r , ~Z r ~ : *2^M^W^ ChCVi ° tS 3nd mY 3nd I ¦ SERVICE." ¦ | L h n e e flrS i^ r iT^ouTd^t b 2af us^^ee^Ufnl Alii
r/e tVeclt r_X_w^N^s/i,^-Kj«- homespuns. new customers all the lime. So we spend a whole lot of time and I \XM
&?^.^.-4 FV • '_, AD »r^^l^A money to get true, good qualities and honest, careful making:. A \. WwW\
%C3lfblB1€£*Z9&£*G: A Rousing pale .01 1 P nnMn» v I Then come3 the last ste p ; • -z^«
£WJ<£jJAJ?J>3 &&& C7>^ ISIlTrVfa MFisZ-md* 'i%f&X/if*GL s>> -&* ECONOMY. After we've found out g§#3V WwANwflWl
;+-% +U*, f^-.' — "3 '• T SMEB ISr £ M(fM MM M*Z Oil A^y V~* VXfjJP •C' &) ' . ' what's good enough for «C*H-?' L fw w/f|a
1T1 the hair dreSSin^ MJPJL<UWJLAAMA*'*X^Vl*.AJr_v rrL^ AW us, then we attend to tne price. We make \C V \ 9* 1'P wit}
' //yw7«;/,r-;*, ' ******# nrtft finhirio CiVeflS- '<=*=» $$$&$&&&£[$' that low by making the quantity so bigr. V- f \\ I'M!: AWl
ZSiTiclAliCUltlP-nZli-io-e* ailU' UctrJCXllA^ « VL "' 5 ~JT wk?%^£& Makers are ready to give us concessions, for /^-X V. 7 \r W iWl
.j. J**mu±j, , ..,. K* . . S-^=, X^£fJ^p^, they are glad to get the trade of seven big ,<&[ /&f\ S§ j&M \ I iMtf
Her? we have a Viair snprfalJct ,„%« A nd high grade oil and gas ovens have c= tcJwto^ i^^K^S^^S stores in a lump. How can an underwear H.Sw3fS \ /t&ttiKJtf \\ i \m§
doubt what good conscientious work There's quite an increased demand for , ' • /^ 7: JL able silk; stitched around the waist: drawn if 1 WN A 11;| ISKSk. I ' tY I
can dn fnr thp hair—' thls article just now, hutyve've got too / s^s&fZ&rS /A /'/ with ta P e : ankle length; open; sizes 4, 5, 6. NllS / \ ;i VWrV / V /
can ao ior.tne narr. t se]1 the ordinaryVay, so we'll /j^®' " • // 1 // rmDortcd Merino Vests 75c JwM MA NttMMr \ \
We can. recommend his work and ¦ sell them in the extraordinary way, thus: /_Z^z¥ . //\X/ ¦ «. , . Z . , vests <= c " \mm M • li*^Mk 2/^»
would.like our patrons who are suf- _$3 65— I-bumer " Stoves ' mHl '*—^— /£zW .^ToTSSi l&^m^ KWWWwff ¦¦¦ jSXJ^J
fenng from loss of hair or any disease * O|UJ uuine-i btu\ca, W^ — g — g^| weight; pink or natural; sizes 4, 5, 6.
of the scalp to call upon him for ad- ¦ Were ?4-95- . . ll^^^ Vests and Pants 50c«eacb. Onelta. Uolon Suits 50c each.
vice (which is free), and for treat- $4.95 2-buiTier StOVeS, I LTJ v - H fc 3v Jersey ribbed; fine elastic quality; vests _, R i bb *S- buttoned across the .chest, talshed
rr^nf ?f n , r ««rv • " " - ffilj - »SfS=S2^ finished with silk shell-stitched front; gussets with silk ehell stitch around neck, pearl . but-
ment, ll necessary. . Were $6.fc>. . fflwS- 3 -*! " <^^^T V ln arms; pearl buttons; pants ankle length, tona . covered seams, high neck, short sleeve*.
" ffCQA 1 Kumar etmree BlP— I 'I ¦ ' — - S —^ with French yoke bands; colors, pink or knee length; sizes 4, 5 and 1
$0.9U 3-DUrner SlOVeS, W g S\ B. « _ h cream white; sizes 4, 5, 6. Union Suits 90c
*f— «-wriL t «^ l V\>t:> Were $8.95. hj^ " til CbUdren's Vdsts 19c. Swiss ribbed, buttoned down tha front. , lm -
lMf M 'Sll^L I ffw2jT££*'M*'\L7/P'Jraf These are the very best drip style. Per- 1 JPy . ... ' 7\/v3 Jersey ribbed ecru cotton vests; medium liar to imported suits; hlfth neck; lonr
*M%^M.JL& \JfMM.Xjr% m /A fTt'tffJf feet and full fledged in every, way. We FwinS'' ' — ' "H'tfi^ heavy weight; high neck; long sleeves; sizes sleeves; ankle or knee length; sixes 4, 5
tllfie'tV Cent K couldn't give. you a stronger guarantee or •¦,. ¦)\nr i ; 3 to 10 years. and 6. * ;
_r Y"w» ;-.„;: -., 8 ay any more for them If you paid us their @7 ' .'.'-V-- ' ' ;- \5> . . ¦
.'Good wool garments in camel's full value. \ ¦ . , ¦ ', T _ r . , — i ? • rr^TT ' ,
hair, in cadet, blue .or vicuna shades— Better Baking OvenS...ClO, I OO. $%&sJ£¥l^Jfff/ /&/
if you'd wait a month you couldn't High c i a ss/ortes-but we've got more of them than 'the health of the department McCUl'S Magazines j!SB§> M/
or $1.75 a suit. . - . <t%1 QA for ft2.7."> Ovens— Made of heavy tin, full double lined with asbestos and Patterns are mw wgf/ /£&/ f*2*E^Sjg V^^^y \Z&&&" CHgJ^^^^
"Wpti's TTfllf TTnRA 12i/p f-,« Jpi-O »* and she'etiron and strictly up to date. ¦ •-. . , . . /SHv/ / i>/*s^
JXLen s havl ilose X^^c— tan or J 1 - f -„ 2R Oveixs _ Ma de of Russian iron with asbestos lining and fitted n3re ' or Ju Y' '&[ j
gray, good heavy weight, splendid Jp^i ID too £e or two burner stoves. If it wasn't that we have more of these -^C *&eJSi/fr OOO£^>^^
wear. than are neede 1 such a price would never be possible. : -? — — : -r . — ;:.¦¦;
I Friedman's Furniture 1
| "I like strong contrasts," said one; "I like deli- ' I
| cate, harmonious colors for my bedroom,", replied I
I her friend, and she chose a metal bed in light blue 1
g enamel trimmed with ivory white and lacquered I
§ brass, like this large double one for . $11 ftfl 1
p Three patterns shown, Five to select from, 1
I Navajo Indian Rugs 1
g Very striking for dens and cosy comers; very serviceable for any rug-use, B
I bdng made of fine, selected Donkoi wool, very thick and alike on both 1
R sides. No matter how many rugs you have one of these new Navajo Rues I
j£ would be an acquisiton. 30x60 inches. But one to a purchaser. $1.75 §j
8 Angora Fur RugS. Long, silky fur, brilliant colors; the dalnti- '¦: i )
g est chair rug. 2 by z*A feet Regular price J2.50; this week for ' • |.2 5 B
I Kara Korum Fur RugS. Fur hot so long as the Angora, I
h but very thick, soft and rich. 30x60 in." Reg. $8.50; this week for 5 QO I '*
C "The. Credit House." Six Stories. High. I
H 233-235-237 — —^J Telephone '. a
y Post Street ZS McrtdmPlimn^rt J on — v^ — I