VOLUME XC— NO. 155.
GREAT AUDIENCE AT METROPOLITAN TEMPLE GREETS
TOBIN AND CHEERS HIS DECLARATIONS OF POLICY
DEMOCRATS HOLD FINAL RALLY
AT METROPOLITAN TEMPLE AND
GREAT ENTHUSIASM IS DISPLAYED
Joseph S. Tobin Receives Grand Reception From
Big Crowd Which He Addresses— T. C. Van
Ness, W. J. McGee and F. H. Gould Also Speak
BONFIRES biased away at the ap
proaches to Metropolitan Hall
la«t night, a band played "See,
Our Conquering Hero Comes '
and a large and enthusiastic
audience cheered wildly as Jo
seph B. Tobin stepped upon the
stage.
A number of hoodlums who were no-
ticed a few nights* ago at a Democratic
rally in Metropolitan Hall appeared at
last night's rally and attempted to dis
turb the • speakers. They were ignored
however, by the speakers and trie big
crowd.
It was the final rally of the Democratic
campaign, and there was so much genuine
enthusiasm for the Democratic candidate
for Mayor that the hoodlums finally sub
sided and listened intently to the address
or Mr. Tobin, who was frequently ap
plauded throughout his address.
A portrait of Mr. Tobin bearing the In
scription "Of the people and for the peo
ple" was hanging over the stage. Frank
H. Gould was addressing the audience
when Mr. Tobin entered the hall. With a
great wave of enthusiasm the greater
part of the crowd rose to their feet,
wavt:d their hats and handkerchiefs and
cheered lustily.
When Mr. Gould had concluded his ar
raignment of the Republican party, and
not only explained how the ticket nomi- |
nated by it Is dominated by corporate in
fluence, but answered the statements
ma<3<> on the rostrum a few nights ago by !
S. Su. Shortridge, Mr. Tobin was intro
duce 1.
Several rowdies cheered for Schmitz,
but Mr. Tobin was perfectly at ease and
stood upon, the platform smiling upon his
friends until absolute quiet reigned.
Hit epeech was in the nature of a dig
nified! statement of the main issues of the
Campaign. He explained to his hearers
to his concise and logical way his ideas
of government and won great applause
throughout, especially when he stated
that if elected Mayor he would see that
the eight-hour law would be enforced In
every department of the city government,
the Police Department as well as all
others of the municipality. His speech
throughout was an earnest appeal for
votens to be thoughtful and vote for the
re-election of those men who have proved
themselves to be true to the Interests of
the city.
There was no self about Mr. Tobin's ad
dress. It was simply a sober and manly
appeal to the people to vote for good gov
ernment.
T. C. Van Ness, who was Introduced as
< hairtnan of the mass meeting, delivered
a masterly address on the issues that are
now confronting the people. So did W.
J. McGce, while Frank H. Gould not only
held his audience's attention with a
scathing arraignment of the methods of
Republican bosses, but threw It into a fit
of laughter by the picture he drew of [
Samuel M. Shortridge, the principal orator
in tho Republican campaign. The picture
he dr 2w of Shortridge was more interest- |
ing than that from any cartoonist's pen..
T. C. VAN NESS SCORES WELLS.
H Thinking Men Cannot Vote for Re
publican Ticket.
T. C Yun N'-ss, who wap introduced as
| meeting, spoke in part as
loiic/Vfc; "It ;s my. understanding that
The San Francisco Call.
SCENE AT THE FINAL TOBIN RALLY OF THE CAMPAIGN HELD
LAST NIGHT IN METROPOLITAN TEMPLE AND' SOME OF THE
SPEAKERS THAT TOOK A. PROMINENT PART.
1 this meeting to-night is called as the final
'• rally upon the Democratic Bide of the
i house. This is the last opportunity we are
to have to express in good old Democratic
fashion the reasons for the faith that is
; in us; the reasons why the Democratic
; party is entitled to the suffrages of the
¦ people of this city; the reason why the
| vote of every thinking man, be he Re
' publican, Democrat or laboring man,
should be cast for the nominees of the
party that we are here to-night to speak
j for. (Applause.) It is proper that those
reasons should be given, and given pub
licly, fearlessly and in the open.
"San Francisco to-day faces a great
j opportunity, and upon the result of this
j election depends and will depend to some
' considerable extent the question as to
; whether that opportunity is to be taken
' advantage of, or whether, through sloth
, fulness or lack of attention to public af
lairs, it is to be thrown to one side. You
know, as I know, that the coming into
the Union of the Hawaiian Islands, the
taking under the American flag of the
Hhilippines, the developments that are
j taking place to-day in the Orient, are at
tracting to the city of San Francisco the
< yes Of the civilized world. Great steata
hip companies are beginning to estab
\ lish themselves here, transcontinental
I railroads are looking for routes through
the mountains to find their way into the
city by the Golden Gate; capital is think
. ing whether this is a place to invest; the
I skill, the intelligence of able enterprising
1 people of the world who go tq make mod
i em civilization are looking to-day to San
| Francisco as the central point from which
! for the next ten years the great opera
! lions of this world are to take place.
(Applause.)
Shall We Remain a Village?
"Shall we build or shall we tear down?
Shall we advertise to the world that we
I are a community that understand our
j selves and are in the forefront of the
i march or shall we remain a village simply
SAN FRANCISCO, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 2, 1901.
on the western shore of the Pacific Coast?
You know, as I know, that San Francisco
has rivals to the north and rivals to the
south; and you know that you can make
no mistake that will not be taken ad
vantage of by every penny-a-liner and
every man who has a dollar's worth of
goods to sell in some other community
than that in which we live.
"You know, as I know, that one of the
necessary things to make a great city, to
give confidence to the people who are of
you, or who will be of you, is the correct
solution of the problem that is before us
within the next three or four days, to wit:
Are we to have a government for this
city such as we ought to have or are we
to put into office the tool, the creature of
interests that are adverse to us? Are we
to do that which will destroy confidence,
or are we by putting in an efficient and
honest administration to Build it up?
That is the question that you as citizens
of San Francisco will have to answer at
the ballot-box on Tuesday next.
"Gentlemen, no man need to make a
mistake, no man need to go wrong upon
this occasion for want of light and infor
mation, for the sunlight of truth is shin
ing upon the issues that are before you
and shining down upon the men who are
seeking your suffrages.
"You have three parties before you, you
have three sets of candidates who are
seeking your votes. The Republican po
litical machine is to-day, as it never has
done before, working in the straight open,
without disguise and without pretense
and without any claim to being anything
else but just a simple, plain ordinary po
litical machine hunting for the loaves and
fishes and trying to get into office that
they may subserve the selfish purposes of
the people who own them. Can the
preacher be any greater than its creator?
Republicans Not the Noblest.
"Will the gentlemen who stand upon the
Republican, ticket be better or nobler or
GRAVE DANGER
CONFRONTS THE
MUNICIPALITY
THERE is danger of
Schmitz's election to
the office of Mayor.
Unless Republicans
put aside party inclinations
and give their support to Jo
seph S. Tobin the calamity of
Schmitz's election cannot be
averted. Republican mer
chants and business men
should no longer hesitate in
the face of the common peril.
. The boss talk that Schmitz is
deriving his main support
from the political party to
which Tobin belong-s is uttered
to cloud the judgment of the
conservative citizen and cre
ate the belief that there is a
chance of Wells' success. The
Call invites special attention
to the significant facts that
Schmitz is a Republican, that
he is a director of the Repub
lican Primary League and that
his confidential managers and
his most effective workers are
Republicans. Tobin's ener
getic canvass has brought
back to the party which nomi
nated him for Mayor many
Democratic workingmen, but
Wells has made but feeble ef
fort to win Republicans away
from Schmitz.
Ordinary political issues cut
no figure in this local contest,
hence Republicans are freely
justified in putting aside par
tisan feeling tc save San Fran
cisco. It is common knowledge
that Democratic citizens have
risen above party to save the
country. Cannot Republicans
give an example of civic pa
triotism to save the cityP
purer or more public-spirited than the two
or three gentlemen who in the back room
of one of the principal professional offices
of this city have created them? You
know they won't. You can make no mis
take about that, because the Republican
ticket to-day is not representative of Re
publican thought; it is not representative
of any Republican principles; it is not
representative of anything that is for the
good of this community, but it represents
the gentlemen who put it into the field
and who intend if they can to carry it
through to success. (Applause.)
"You can make no mistak^ in regard
to the candidacy of the men who are
upon the Union Labor ticket. Their can
didacy, good or bad, frought with good
or evil to this community, is before you;
what is intended is publicly announced
from rostrum and in the press, and what
they are, and what they mean to be, and
what they mean to do they frankly and
openly state, and you can't be misled or
deceived. «
"So that if you cast your vote for the
one or for the other you are doing it in
telligently, and 'if you do that which is
to the injury of San Francisco to-day you
do it with your eyes open, and you can't
pretend afterward that you have been
humbugged or fooled with the molasses
that is cast in front of voters' eyes by
the political manipulators. (Applause.)
There is no manipulation this time; there
is absolutely no manipulation that you do
not know.
"Now, gentlemen, in this coming elec
tion what do you need in the form of a
government? What is a good government?
A good city government is one which will
reduce taxes, which will give us good
parks and streets, which will honestly ad
minister the affairs of the city and county
of San Francisco and which will make it
safe for every man, woman and child who
lives under the protection of that govern
ment to live within the law and, living
within the law, to be absolutely as free
to go and come and do within the law as
he pleases, as if there were no govern
ment at all. That is what a good govern
ment means, and any government that
gives a man less than that is no govern
ment at all.
Republicans' Not a Free Ticket.
"Let us turn now to our Republican
friends, because we are to show you to
night if we can why they ought not to
be voted for. What is there in the Re
publican ticket— what is there in the can
didacy of the gentlemen who are upon
that ticket to induce any intelligent,
thinking man in this city and county to
cast his vote on Tuesday next for the
nominees who head that organization?
"Did that ticket come out of a conven
tion of American citizens? Is there a
candidate upon that ticket who, prior. to
the time that his name was sent to the
convention by the men who arranged it,
had ever heard of a majority of
them or that had the slightest idea who
the nominees were to be? Is that ticket
the result of a free, open American con
vention such as we ought to have?
"You know it is not. You know that a
half dozen gentlemen, banded together for
selfish purposes to promote selfish inter
ests, have fathered and mothered the can
didates, and from such fathers and moth
ers what can you expect but what you
have got? (Applause.)
"Let us turn to the head of the ticket.
For Mr. Wells personally I have a high
respect. I believe that Mr. Wells is in
Continued on Page Two
WELLS BOOMLET GOES UP IN AIR
AND CONSERVATIVE VOTE SHOWS
DISPOSITION TO UNITE ON TOBIN
Republican Bosses Send Out Reports to Give
Impression That Their Candidate Leads, but
Polls Show Democratic Nominee Is Favorite
THE life is ebbing out of the little
boomlet that the Republican
bosses created for Asa R. Wells.
Some money was thrown out to
wager that Wells would get more
votes than Tobin, but the hand
lers of the coin were carefully charged
not to bet that Wells would be elected
Mayor. Instructions were given to cry
aloud in public places that there was
plenty of Wells money at the Union
League Club and Palace Hotel. The ob
ject of the demonstration was to check
the tide of desertion from Wells to Tobin
and make it appear to conservative citi
zens that the former was the stronger of
the two. Perhaps a few voters were de
ceived by the ruse, but the deception was
quickly removed when the money offered
was readily taken by the Tobin men.
In the parlance of the push "Wells is a
dead one." His boom has vanished. Tho
Republican managers have not yet con
ceded the election of Tobin, but they have
acknowledged the defeat of Wells by de
clining to bet one dollar on the election
of their candidate.
False Reports Spread.
Claquers were sent out from boss head
quarters day before yesterday to circulate
the report that ex-Mayor E. B. Pond, a
leading business man and prominent
Democrat, was giving support to Wells.
Mr. Pond was seen in his office on Cali
fornia street yesterday and this interview
took place:
"They say at Republican headquarters,
Mr. Pond, that you are going to vote for
Wells and advise your friends to vote for
him."
Mr. Pond replied: "I am not going to
vote for Wells and I am not advising my
friends to vote for him. He is too big a
load for me to carry. lam going to vote
for Tobin. Yes, you can publish it. "
False stories to the effect that other
leading men of the conservative class in
tended to support Wells were freely circu
lated under instruction of the bosses, but
names were not given. The effort to pre
vent an alliance of business men and
property owners in support of Tobin is
failing. Indications are that a union of
conservative elements in favor of Tobin
will be formed to-day.
Polls Show Tobin the Favorite.
The Mills building offices were polled
yesterday with the following result: To
bin 43, Wells 3-S, Schmitz 38.
In the Crocker building the poll gives
this complexion: Tobin 29, Wells 23, Schmitz
7. In the Parrott building the vote stood:
Tobin 66, Wells 50, Schmitz 37. A poll was
taken in the Western Meat Mar
ket, the American box factory and the
Southern Pacific freight sheds with this
outcome: Tobin 89, Wells 77, Schmitz 101.
Front and Battery streets from Market
to Washington were polled and the vote
stood: Tobin 144, Wells 129. Schmitz 67.
Last Tuesday the Federal Grand Jury
was polled and the return was: Tobin 16,
Wells none, Schmitz none. The Builders'
PRI(*E FIVE CENTS.
Exchange vote stood: Tobin W. Well* 20,
Schmitz 35.
If W. F. Herrin, who is managing
Wells' campaign, doubts the accuracy of
the foregoing polls and wishes verification
let him appoint a representative to go
over the same field with a representative
appointed by The Call. Any one he may
appoint, other than Crothers of the Bui
letln, will be acceptable.
Germans Vote for Tobin.
A ballot for the most popular candidate
which is being taken at the Grard Jublleo
Fair now in progress at the San Francisco
Turn Verein Hall gives evidence that Jo
seph S. Tobin has a strong following
among the German people. The voting
thus far has resulted as follows: Joseph
S. Tobin 55, Wells 42. Schmitz 19, Lack
mann 25, Boland 28. Brandenstein 19, Box
ton 4 and Dahlbender 1. The randidate
who is declared most popular will be
awarded a silver mounted cane.
A straw vote taken at Ryan's handball
court on Howard street resulted: Tobin 4J,
Wells 6, Schmit* f.
Registrar Walsh has issued the follow
ing notice for the benefit of voters in gen
eral and election officers in particular:
All citizens who registered in the years 190»
or 1901 and still reside within the boundaries
of the same precinct are entitled to vote, and
will find their names upon the precinct register.
Al! election officers sworn in at the City Hall
are earnestly requested to report to the In
spectors of their respective precincts not later
than 5:45 o'clock. Tuesday morning, Novem
ber 5, 1901.
Election officers will take notice that the in
dexes and registers sent to them contain the
corrected registrations, together with supple
ments thereto, and will carefully examine sup
plements attached to each volume.
Voters should be careful not to vote for mor*
than eighteen Supervisors nor more than two
Police Judges.
WELLS MONEY PROMPTLY
TAKEN BY TOBIN MEN
Sum of $3000 Is Wagered That Re
publican Candidate Will Not
Be Elected.
A statement in last evening's Bulletin
that $3000 of Wells money was witting at
the Union League Club to be taken by
Tobin backers had not been given pub
licity more than half an hour when that
amount of Tobin money in three sacks,
each containing $1000 in gold, was dumped
upon the office desk of F. H. Corey, secre
tary of the club, with the announcement
that it was to cover the Wells money on
an even bet that Tobin would defeat him.
The Tobin supporter was informed that
Secretary Corey, who had possession of
the Wells money, was out and that the
bet could not be made in his absence. Thu
Tobin man notified them that his money
was ready to be wagered against Wells
money wherever Or whenever it might be
found, and that in case he found no othei 1
takers in the meanwhile he would make
the bet upon Secretary Cory's return.
Secretary Corey came back later and tile
wager was accepted and the money locked
up pending the decision of the Ttners. JIM
Tobin backer said at the same time that
he had $7000 additional to bet on :he same
condition. He also offered to fcer. $1000 to
$200 that Wells would not be elected, but
the wager was not accepted by any of the
Wells men present.2
TOBIN SPEAKS TO THE POINT ON IMPORTANT ISSUES OF THE CAMPAIGN,
AND WELLS ANNOUNCES THAT HE IS PREPARING STATEMENT FOR PUBLICATION
FINAL RALLY OF DEMOCRATS
AT METROPOLITAN HALL IS
ONE OF GREAT ENTHUSIASM
Joseph S. Tobin Cheered to the Echo by the
Big Throng, and He and Other Orators Talk of
Good Government and Issues of the Campaign
Continued From Page One.
the ordinary acceptation of the wordy juet
as 1 believe' the candidate upon the Labor
ticket in the ordinary acceptation of the
word, is an honest man.
•I do not believe tJuit either of them
vould put his hands into his neigh
bors' pockets to take a dishonest dollar;
but independently of that fact, what is
there in the life or history of the leading
candidate upon the Republican ticket to
obtain the suffrages of the people of this
city to the great office — for that is what
it is now— oi Mayor of the city and county
cf San Francisco?
Vouched For by Own Attorneys.
"We are told in a column arti.de over
the signatures of Reuben H. LJoyd and W.
S. "Wood, two prominent practicing attor
neys in this city, that they know Mr.
"Wells and that they can vouch for him
to the people of this city as an honest,
able and intelligent man. But. gentlemen,
Messrs. Lloyd and Wood are the attorneys
< f Mr. Wells in the office of Auditor, and
if he is made Mayor they expect to be his
attorneys in that office. Is that the kind
of recommendation upon which a man is
to be made Mayor?
"We have but little else told us in re
gard to Mr. Wells except what he himself
in those magnificent oratorical bursts that
he has been indulging in in the last week
or two has been giving us in regard to his
past history and his future hopes. Do you
think that a man should be elected the
Mayor of this city and county who is not
able in a canvass euch as this is to find
for himself the issues that are before this
people and tell you whether he is on one
pide or the other side of the political
fence?
"Do you think that a man who, when
railed upon to express himself in rc-gar-l
to the issues of this campaign, telle you
that there isn't any use to ta!k about the
is=fues because you have seen them pub
lished in the newspapers? Do you think
that that is the man who ought to be
put at the heaa of your government?
You dor.'t think so. and the vote on the
sth of this month will tell you that he is
not.
"I say you ought to vote to put into
the office of the Mayoralty of the city anu
county of San Francisco Joseph Sadoc To
bin.'' (.Great applause..*
HOLE WEXLS WENT THROUGH.
W. J. McGhee Tells of It and Amuses
Audience.
W. J. McGee spoke as follows: I am here
to submit to the candor of your consideration
a few plain truths as to wherein I believe
that you will best serve the interests of your
self and your city, your families and your
firesides by casting your franchises oh next
Tuesday in favor of the ticket beaded by that
fearless advocate of Democracy and good gov
ernment, Joseph S. Tobin. (Cheers.)
I concede to every loyal citizen of this munci
pality that he wants to see every dollar of
tribute taken from the pockets of the people
in the shape of taxes honestly and economically
administered and expended; that he want* to
cc improvement in all its forms keep march
with the growth of the city; that he wants to
¦cc established and maintained here a social
condition ihst -we will not be ashamed of when
compared with the conditions existing- in other :
communities.
These high considerations, my fellow citizens,
in my humble judgment, are to-day threatened
by two impending dangers; on the one hand
we have the danger embodied in the ticket
that was brought about and vas the direct
result of the bitter feud growing out of the
great commercial strike that recently rent this
city almost in twain.
Republican Is Class Ticket.
My friends, as I said before, there are a
number to follow me and I want to hasten
on. There is another danger to these consid
erations that to my mind is as great a danger
as the other and that is the danger presented
by the Republican ticket. This ticket is Just
as much, or almost as much, a class ticket
as the other, because it represents that
very high and exclusive class of the bosses
and the allied corporations of this city.
My friends, Mr. Wells, for whom I have the
¦very greatest respect, every night before he
pops out to address the multitude must' read
the inscription above the figure of ljbertv on
the American dollar, because he is continually
asking the people to take him on trust.
<L*uehter and applause). Above the figure
en our dollar is written the lines "In -God we
trust"; but I thought all of the candidates for
office were strictly cash. (Laughter.)
Mr. Wells comes before the people of this
city and offers them a promise; Mr. Tobin
offers them a record. Mr. Wells offers the
people a platform of glittering generalities;
Mr. Tobir. offers the people a platform exact
in all its meanings.
Mr. Wells refuses to discuss any of the issues
of the day; Mr. Tobin has an opinion on every
issue that concerns the people and is willing
xo ypeak out that opinion. (Applause.) •
Mr. Welis talks to the people about where
he has lived in San Francisco, what he drinks
and what good things he has at home to drink:
Mr. Tobln. on the other hand, talks about
what he proposes to do i:" he is elected with
the Geary-street franchise, with the rate of
taxes, with water rates, gas rates, telephone
rates and with the Mission railroad. Why, my
friends, Simple Simon fishing for whales in his
mother's rain barrel and occasionally drawing
forth in great glee a pollywog is only a real
istic picture of Mr. Wells in discussing the
live Issues of the day.
Wells Had One Fixed Opinion.
Mr. Wells did have a fixed opinion on one
question, and that question was as to the hon
esty and capability of the present Democratic
Board of Supervisors. But a few months ago
be said, in speaking of this board, that It was
the best Board of Supervisors that San Fran
cisco has had for forty years. (Applause.) After
his nomination, after he had condemned his
own candidates for Supervisors, he attempted
to qualify this -declaration, and now says that
the Board of Supervisors was honest, but that
the charter made them honest. (Laughter )
I always knew that the charter was a very
virtuous instrument, but I have never heard
before even its most earnest advocates claim
that it could make men in office honest and
capable. If it can do this, it not only exceeds
the laws of Moses but even the ten command
ments themselves.
I Fvbmil to you that that is a very email
hole for the bosses' candidate for Mayor to at
tempt to crawl through. So one car. see how
lie mot through that hole, it is even a smaller
hole than the tanner's calf was supposed to
crawl through. A tanner, if you will pardon
the digression, as an illustration, once owned
a tar.ntry in the suburb* of the city. He was
In r.eed of a sign for his tanning establish
ment and he conceived the idea that a calf's
tail thrust through a knothole in the Fide of
his building would make a very appropriate
jsirn. So he acted accordingly. '
The ¦airs tail had not been thrust through
the knothole very long until an old farmer
came along with his good wife driving to
tewn past the tannery, and when the old
farmer espied the calf's tail sticking: through
the knot hole in the side of the tannery he
was greatly excit>id. and thus ejaculated: "Gee
whiz, Marie, if 1 can see how that air calf
What are Humors?
They are vitiated or morbid fluids cours-
ing the veins and affecting the tissues.
They are commonly due to defective diges-
tion but are sometimes inherited.
How do they manifest themselves ?
In many forms of cutaneous eruption,
salt rheum or eczema, pimples and boils,
and in weakness, languor, general debility.
How are they expelled ? By
Hood's Sarsaparilla
which also builds up the system that has
•uffered from them.
It it the best medicine for all humors.
crawled through that air knot hole." (Laugh
ter.) Mr. Wells is on the other side of the
knot hole, but nobody can say how he crawled
through. (Renewed laughter.)
This Is a Critical Day.
In conclusion let me submit to you, gentle
men, that this is a critical day in the political
history of Ban Francisco. I appeal to you. and
especially to my friends in the gallery, don't
throw away your votes on next Tuesday. Do
your duty, and do your whole duty; and if you
do this, when the last ballot shall have been
cast, when the polls shall have been closed, the
telegraph will Hash the glad tidings all ovei
ROCKETS WILL
TELL RESULTS
OF ELECTION
WATCH for signals
from the doi.. of
The Call building
telling the result of
the municipal election. As soon
as the returns show to a cer
tainty the choice of the people
for Mayor rockets will be sent
up. telling by their color who
has been chosen. If Tobin is
elected white rockets will be
set off. If Schmitz be the win
ner the signals will be red. If
Wells be chosen green rockets
will tell the story. Remember
the signals:
TOBIN WHITE
SCHMITZ RED
WEEKS GREEN
Bulletins giving election
news from all over the country
as well as locally will be
thrown upon a screen in front
of The Call building by a
stereopticon.
this great State, as we said in San Jose in
IXS2, "from Siskiyou to San Diego and from
the Sierra to the sea," that Democracy and
pood government has triumphed, that Califor
nia's metropolis has elected a Mayor who will
do hie duty without fear or faver and that his
name is Joseph S. Tobin. (Great applause.)
GOULD MAKES GREAT ADDRESS.
Likens Republican Ticket to a Bed
One in Philadelphia.
Frank H. Gould paid a caustic compli
ment to both Samuel M. Shortridge and
Asa R. Wells when he said in the course
of his interesting speech:
They have selected a man magnificent in
the stature of a giant; a man magnificent in
mental attainments: a man oratorical to a
fault; a man who has all of the ability both
of expression and intelligence to present to
tny audience the strongest claims that any
political party might make for the considera
tion of the citizens of the city wherein he
liveis. This gentleman needs no introduction
by name to you. He presented himself a week
cr co ago upon this rostrum, as well known
a* any man in the State of California, ad
mired, respected and loved by the people, and
his name is the Honorable Samuel M. Short
ridge. And I want you to applaud Sam.
Applause.)
Now. then, he also had another qualification
that was necessary for an advocate of this
character, and that is the devotiun to his
party, for when he was discussing these ques
tions before you he turned to his aged friend
who stands at the head of the ticket and he
said, "In him I see only the leader of my
party, and wheresoever he goes there will I
iollow."
My fr'ends, I cannot understand how my
friend Mr. Shortridge could have made a state
ment of that character, because I believe him
to be a man of bright mind and of great
patriotism, qjid I believe that any man who
utters the expressions, who gives voice to- the
principle that he will follow the leader of his
i.arty wherever he goes is placing the con
duct of hip party above the devotion that he
owes to his country.
Foemen of Progress.
I say whatever influence may dominate a
party, whatever crowd may obtain control of
a convention, for a man to say that notwith
standing all that he follows wherever they
go although it be in the hands of freeboot
ers, why. men of that kind are warts on the
tail of progress. A man of that kind, my
friends— but I do not include Mr. Shortridge
because he is not that kind of a man— but men
of that character have banded together re
cently in the. city of Philadelphia, and there
but a short time since in the course of a great
campaign, one of the Republican orators there,
I am credibly informed, made this statement
1 roni a rostrum :
"Boys," he said, "stand by the ticket— hold
your nose and vote the ticket in order thac
we may have protection."
What was the result? The result of that was
that before these people had been in office
very long there came before the Council an
order for the giving away of the franchises of
that great city and they were given away and
within two weeks after the gift was made for
nothing two great benevolent men of this
country said to the city of Philadelphia that
they would give 12,500,000 for the very franchise
that had been given away in a «ingle night.
Now \heee gentlemen who present themselves
in the form of a Republican party I should say
tro the Philistines in this engagement, and
Mr. Shortridge stands for them as their Go
liath. In the first place he «ays that this
government of which we are proud has dono
r.fthinp. What has it done? The Assessor
fleeted upon the I>emocratic ticket at the last
election has added to the assessable- property
< f San Francisco $23,000,090. placed upon fran
chises In San Francisco, of which not one dol
lar had been assessed before. (Applause.)
Work of the Assessor.
That means that from the shoulders of the
ether people who have in the past paid taxes
would be lifted an amount equal to about
4235,000 per year. Another thing: During the
last two or three years the Assessor elected by
the administration now In power has added to
the taxable property in the shape of personal
I-roperty that has never been apsessed before
the sum of forty millions of dollars which
added to th« twenty-three millions gives us
.-ixty-thrte millions of dollars added to the
property of this city which never
assessed before, the taxation thereon
annually amounting' to the sum of $674 000
I want to call your attention to this fac*
that if a Board of Supervisors subservient to
the corporations whose franchises have been
taxed by this Assessor should be elected they
sitting as a board of equalization would ha\'e
lower at the behest of those who elected them
to wipe out the good work of your Assessor
and replace upon your shoulders the taxes that
these people now Jußtly bear. (Applause.)
Therefore, I say. It behooves you to look well
to the ticket you elect for Supervisors at the
cominz election.
TOBIN THANKS HIS AUDIENCE.
Bids Them Good-By With Assurance
of Victory.
Mr. Tobin's speech was as follows:
Mr. Chairman, Ladles and Gentlemen: I
stand in need of the indulgence of this au
dience. I have spoken night after night three
to five times a night, and I trust that what
I may say will not be subject to any undue
criticism.
A duty has been performed. A campaign for
Civic virtue U all but completed. We stand
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 2, 1901.
FIFTY THOUSAND GIVEN
TO WORTHY CHARITIES
yt ' N unprincipled attack on Joseph S, Tobin is brought to public attentio-n. The Bulletin last
evening reports that Dr. J. F. Gibbon made this allusion to the Tobins at Palo Alto Hall
Thursday night: "The Tobins are very charitable zvith other people's money; they gave
$50,000 of our money to the Valley Railroad as a free gift; they had no more right to give it than
I would if I had that amount of your money in my charge. When the Valley -Railroad sold out to
- - the Santa Fe Railroad the- money zvas returned in stock or cash, and teas not returned to the Hiber
nia Bank reserve fund, where it was taken from, but was placed in the Crockcr-W oolworth Bank,
where it remained."
It may interest the" voters of San Francisco to know what became of this gift of $50,000,
which zvas returned when the Santa Fe bought the Valley road. The sum of $25,000 zvas donated
to the Catholic Orphan Asylum; the sum of $12,500 to the Protestant Orphan Asylum, and the'sum
of $12,500 to the Hebrew Orphan Asylum.
San Francisco got the railroad and the orphans got the money. Wilt the defamers of Mr.
Tobin please spring something else to assist in his election?.
here this evening looking forward with hope
and aspiration. We have thrown into this cam
paign youth, vigor and enthusiasm and pa
triotism and. ladles and gentlemen, the air
pulsates and throbs with the hope and expecta
tion of victory and success. (Great applause.)
This ladies and gentlemen, is no seinsh
struggle. When the tomb of Christendom was
in danger all Europe flocked to the standard
of a poor hermit. When San Francisco is in
peril where shall the citizens of San Francisco
be found but beneath the banner that repre
sents honesty, independence and conservatism?
Patriotism knows no partisan. Civic virtue is
the birthright of «very man. The young Greek
that dashed from Marathon to Athens with the
breath of victory on his lips was not stopped
at the gate wh'.le his captors investigated
whether he was a free man or a slave. I>adies
and gentlemen, do not stop to investigate
whether a man is a Republican, a Democrat or
a labor unionist, but see whether he bears
upon his brow the stamp of an honest Ameri
can citizen. (Applause.)
I am amazed at the inconsistency of some
men who up to this time have based their
principles of politics upon altruistic unselfish
motives. Now, we meet them on the streets
and we say, "Who are you going to vote
for?" and they say, "Well, I am a Republi
can, " or "I have been a Democrat," or all
such talk as that. In »ast times these same
gentlemen, like Diogenes, have gone through
the world with a lamp seeking an honest
municipal administration, and now when the/
are confronted with such an administration
and it seeks their indorsement they hesitate
and falter and refuse to answer.
Every Man Is Interested.
Gentlemen, this is no time for the discussion
of political economy or for discussion of the
underlying principles .cf' government. There
is nothing here, gentlemen, but the discussion
of a business proposition. Every man who
pays his taxes, who sees his money go into
the City Hall every six months, is interested
i the discussion and in the decision of this
campaign; Interested not as a. Democrat, not
as a Republican, not as a labor -unionist, but
as a citizen anxious to preserve the good name
and future prosperity of this city. (Applause.)
But they say, ladies and gentlemen, we are
opposed to corporations— we are inimical to
the Interests of corporations. I stated at the
outset of this campaign that no corporation
lias anything to fear from the nominees upon
this ticket. What the law says they shall de
mand of ur that -^hey shall receive in full
measure. They shall be treated just as fai-rly,
just as conscientiously, with just as much re
spect for their rights as the poorest, the low
est citizen in this land and they shall be
treated thus and in no other wise.
Gentlemen, we have incurred the opposition
of some corporations, but those .corporations,
what they are and who they represent and
they have stood for in the history of San
JPtancisco, you know. We have incurred their
wrath, but we have done them no injustice. If
v.c are elected, gentlemen, every business in
terest In San Francisco, every conservative in
terest in San Francises, will be fairly, hon
estly and justly treated and no man can es
cape from the responsibility cast upon him at
this time for voting the Democratic ticket by
the cry that we will abuse vested interests or
impair Vested rights. (Applause.) Let every
man remember how the SantaJ^e Railroad has
been treated by the present Board of Super
visors. Let every man who Is Interested in
corporations remember that. And jupt as fairly
and as honestly as we treated them we will
treat every other corporation and every other
interest in San Francisco. (Applause.)
Fire Deupxtment Out of Politics.
I was told to-day that we are opposed— and
I cannot say that I regret it— that we are op
posed through the Fire Department by Mr.
Rainey. Ladies and gentlemen, I do not be
lieve the Fire Department will lend themselves
to any such scheme as this. In days gone by
the members of the Fire Department — remem
ber how they were placed in power and their
tenure in office — depended upon the nod of a
man who sat in the rear of a stable or in
the back room of a saloon. They know now
that their tenure of office is secure, that they
cannot be discharged or displaced without a
fair, open trial— and I don't believe that any
man in San Francisco can use the present Fire
Department to oust the present Rdministra
tion or to prevent an honest, fair administra
tion of San Francisco's affairs. (Applause.)
And while 1 am on the subject of depart
ments I want to say that if elected Mayor I
will see that the eight-hour law is enforced
in every department of the city as it is en
forced at the present time In the Board cf
Public Works. (Applause.)
I will see that the eight-hour law is enforced
in the Police Department as well as In every
other department.
When a mariner has been tossed for many
days in thick weather and upon an unknown
sea he naturally avails himself of the first
pause in the storm, the first ray of sunshine,
to take his bearings and ascertain how far
the elements have driven him from his true
course. Let us do this, ladies and gentlemen
From now until election day let us recall the
issue of this campaign. It is now as it was
three weeks ago, the clean, honest adminis
tration of municipal affairs. If it were aught
else I would not be here.
• •H-H-H-M-M I !¦¦! I I I ¦!¦ I M-4-H-H
FIRST WORK ON BASE "
OF SLOAT MONUMENT
Granite Blocks From Alameda and
Santa Clara Counties Will Be
Laid To-Day.
MONTEREY, Nov. 1.-The granite
blocks from Alameda and Santa Clara
counties will be laid in the base of the
J. D. Sloat monument on the United
States military reservation here to-mor
row afternoon with appropriate and some
what elaborate ceremonies. Delegations
from the two counties will be present and
the Masonic orders of Monterey and Ala
meda will have a part in the ceremonies.
The exercises will be under the auspices
of the Sloat Monument Association of
California, and Major Edward A. Sher
man of Oakland, secretary of the asso
ciation, will act as master of ceremonies.
The intention of the association is to
make the base of the monument of gran
ite blocks contributed by the counties of
California and by the army and navy of
the United States, all of which have been
promised and will, it is said, soon be put
in place. The site of the monument is on
the summit of the hill overlooking Mon
terey harbor and within a etone's throw
of the ruins of old Fort Halleck.
YAQUI INDIANS KILL
RANCHERS IN MEXICO
Troops Now in Pursuit of Savages
Who Escaped to the
Mountains.
EL PASO, Tex., Nov. I.— Reports from
the State of Sonora, Mexico, reached here
this afternoon that Yaqui Indians at
tacked Mexican ranchers near Onaias,
killed thirty persons and escaped to the
mountains. Troops are in pursuit.
Carnegie a Lord Rector.
LONDON, Nov. I.— Andrew Carnegie to
day was formally named for the lord rec
torship of St. Andrew's University. There
were no other nominations. Carnegie's
election will be declared by the vice chan
cellor November 8.
Stops the Cough
And works oft the cold.- Laxative Bromo
Quinine Tablets cure a cold in one day. No
Cure. No Pay. Price 25 cents. •
If the Republican party had jK>mlnate«J . a
ticket which really, stood for Republican prin
ciples; if the Republican convention had been
a convention which was not tamed and
poisoned by corporate debauchery and boss-
Ism; if it had nominated a ticket in sympathy
with the charter; if it had placed before you
a ticket of honest, straightforward, independ
ent men, I would not be upon this platform
to-night. Because I could not see In »he field
a ticket that , stood for hone3t, independent,
clean administration of municipal affairs I
lent my aid to the placing in the field of a
ticket that does represent all these things.
(Applause.)
Victory Is Assured.
In conclusion, ladles and gentlemen, ! do not
rorget— l know it must be so— that the victory
Is ours. . G(reat applause.) I know that be
hind me will be found all those citizens who
are Interested in making: the city wholesome,
livable and. clean. And ladies and gentlemen
if we get into office we shall give you an
honest, decent, straightforward administration
of the city s affairs. We shall leave a record
to those who come after us which will give
indisputable evidence of the fact that we ap
. preciate the blessings of liberty and the bless
ings of a democratic government; that we
j • .
EX-MAYOR POND
IS SUPPORTING
JOSEPH TOBIN
IN order to boost Wells and
make it appear that he is
in the fig-ht the managers
at Republican boss head
quarters are spreading the re
port that several leading busi
ness men of the Democratic
party are announcing inten
tion to support Wells in pref
erence to Tobin. Yesterday the
claim was made at Republican
headquarters that ex-Mayor E.
B. Pond. was going, to vote for
Wells. Inquiry on behalf of
The Call at Mr. Pond's office
quickly established the fact
that the boss report is simply
a plain campaign lie. Mr. Pond
says: "I am not going to vote
for Wells. lem not advising
my friends to vote for him. He
is too big a load for me to
carry. I am going to vote for
Tobin."
are quite sensible of the fact that upon us
depends the material prosperity o£ San Fran
cisco and all its citizens and the children of
its citizens, and with this pledge, lailies and
gentlemen, and this assurance of victory In
the air. I bid you good-by and thanks, thanks,
mai.y thanks. (Great applause.)
TOBIN ADDRESSES TWO
ENTHUSIASTIC MEETINGS
His Reception Gives Assurance of a
Sweeping Success on Elec
tion Day.
In addition to speaking at. the big final
Democratic mass-meeting in Metropolitan
Hall Joseph S. Tobin last night addressed
two gatherings in widely separated parts
of the city. He spoke at the Potrero
Opera-house and talked to an enthusiastic
gathering of citizens of the Forty-fifth
Assembly District at Garibaldi Hall.
The work outlined for ..the evening and
the long distances to be covered neces
sitated an early appearance at the Po
trero. In spite of that fact, however, and
cf the further fact that Schmitz was play
ing an oratorical engagement in the im
mediate neighborhood, the opera-house
was well filled and the candidate was ac
corded a rousing reception.
Garibaldi Hall,, which was reached about
9 o'clock, was jammed to the doors. Tobin
INTERIOR DEPARTMENT
FIGURES ON MILLIONS
Estimates Prepared for the Expendi
tures During the Year Begin
ning in July.
WASHINGTON, Nov. I.— The estimates
for the expenditures of the Interior De
partment during the fiscal yeaf beginning
next July aggregate $170,000,000, of which
$142,161,700 is asked for pensions and the
administrative work of the Pension Bu
reau, $1,964,270 being for salaries of the
bureau personnel and $350,000 for the in
vestigations by special examiners of pen
sion cases.
In addition to the $13,516,200 already ap
propriated for the twelfth census, $1,972,
120 for the next year is asked. Of tho
amount heretofore appropriated for the
census $9 ; 423.332 has been disbursed up to
August 31 last, leaving a balance of ap
propriations unexpended on that date of
$4.092.n7». Other items call for $7,000,000 for
the Indian service, $2,286,425 for the Gen
eral Land Office, including the annual ap
propriation of $300,000 for forest reserves;
JA-.™Xa 207 for the geological survey, and
$949,000 for the Patent Office.
NO HOPE FOR PATRONS
OF MATRIMONIAL PAPERS
Thus Declares Federal Judge Bellin
ger in Extending Mercy to
Miss Duncan.
PORTLAND, Or.. Nov. I.— Miss Etna
Duncan of Gold Hill, Or., was fined $1 In
the United States court to-day for misuse
of the mails. She is the young woman
who swindled suitors whom she lured by
advertisements in. matrimonial papers
Judge Bellinger in fixing the minimum
penalty said:
"The law is made to protect society, but
men who advertise in newspapers for
wives and are induced to send wedding
presents are beyond the power of the law
to protect." ¦ ¦ •
German Commander Is Acquitted.
BERLIN. Nov. I.— Captain Nietzke of
the German cruiser Gazelle, who was
tried for not reporting the insubordination
that occurred on the cruiser while she was
engaged iri the maneuvers atDantzig, has
been acquitted.
was received with cheers. His remarks
were received with the same enthusiastic
interest which has been displayed at every
Tobin meeting of the campaign.
The candidate for Mayor spent the early
part of the day in the south of Market
street district. He visited the glass works
and wherever he went was met with as
surances which point to his election next
Tuesday by a comfortable majority. His
friends are more confident of success than
ever and Tobin himself feels well satisfied
with the situation.
He was Introduced at the Potrero by-
John J. Barrett, who, in what he called
"a few plain parting words before you
discharge your duty in the voting booth,"
referred to Tobin as a man whose train
ing as legal adviser of an institution of
magnitude and importance almost the
equal of the municipality, particularly
fitted him for the office of Mayor.
Tobin spoke in part as follows:
I am not unaDpreciative of the kind words
Mr. Barrett has spoken, but I want to assure
you that the position I hold at this time is en
tirely due to the force of circumstances. I take
no particular credit for the measure of pros
perity which has fallen to my lot. I appreciate
it, but I fall to see that I have done more
than any other young man would in similar
circumstances.
Mr. Barrett has been good enough to speak
of my people and my character. I want to
say that there is no family in this district
any lowlier in station than was mine. My
father was a poor man. He knew all about
the dark side of a poor man's life; he knew
all about the bitter struggle that falls to the
lot ol! the man that has to labor for a living.
Sympathy with the laboring man was bred in
my bones and any man that says I do not
sympathize with the laboring man is mistaken
and whoever says I am not fit to represent him
says that which is not true. I defy my enemies
to point to any single act In my private or
public career inimical to the interests of the
workingman. I stand before you now just as
much a young workingman as any one in this
audience. The ticket at the head of which 1
have the honor to stand is just as much for
the workingman as any ticket in the field.
We have increased laborers' pay at the City
Hall to $2 50 a day. We have Insisted on hav
ing the Allied Printing Trades label on all-clty
printlnjr. We have* enforced the eight-hour iaw
in all contracts directly or indirectly controlled
by the citx. have given you a 2VJ-cent car
fare for school children. We have reduced
your taxes and your gas and water rates. I
ask any other party now* seeking your suf
frages to show me on the statute books any
single proof that they ever did a single thing
for the direct benefit of the workingman.
The meeting at Garibaldi Hall spoke
volumes for the sentiment toward Tobin
in the Forty-fifth District. There was no
occasion for bonfire or brass band to
kindle the enthusiasm. He was greeted
as a personal friend and given a parting
cheer which he said afterward would
make him feel always that in that part
of town he was In the territory of his
friends.
He spoke as follows:
In the course of this campaign I have en
deavored to confine my discussions to the
presentation of business principles. The prin
ciple involved in this campaign Is the same
as Induces a man to put and keep his own
house in order. This Is a duty which every
ir.an worthy of the name recognizes as im
perative. As with your household, so with
your city. I'pon you, therefor, citizens of San
your city. Upon you, therefore, citizens of San
Cisco clean and beautiful, that It may be at
tractive to visitors, and honest. In this there
Is neither Democracy, Republicanism nor
trades unionism involved. The issue in this
and any other municipal campaign is the elec
tion to office of men that will discharge hon
estly the duties of their several offices. It has
been our' aim in this campaign to speak to
you as business men to business men.
The question which confronts you Is Will
you keep your civic household clean? Will
you elect to office men capable, honest and
free from corporation control? or will you fill
these offices with men about whom the experi
ence of the past tells you nothing?
As San Francisco la well governed and or
derly so will you bo prosperous and thrive. We
have no time now to talk politics. This is
not a question of politics. We bring you the
record of our administration for the past two
years. In this and our platform you must
find what we hope to do for you In the future.
Do not be misled. You have been well
governed for two years. The next two years
is in your hands.
After the meeting in Metropolitan Hall
Tobin visited by invitation a high jinks
of the Eagles fn B'rai B'rith Hall and a
social gathering nf Pueilic Parlor of the
Native Sons in Native Sons' Hal!.
He will address a meeting at 12:30 to-day
on the United States transport dock, foot
of Folsom street, and will appear at sev
eral meetings this evening.
REAL BANGER LIES
IN THIS TRADE WAR"
London Spectator Contemplates With
Concern the Commercial Agita
tion in Central Europe.
LONDON, Nov. I.— The Spectator, dis
cussing the continued agitation in Central
Europe against the United States, will say
to-morrow:
"There is, in fact, a real danger. If the
conservative parties on the Continent,
which include the Agrarians, Clericals and
Absolutists and the vast mass of the peas
antry, should achieve a temporary tri
umph a grand effort will be made to boy
cott the United States and the Argentine
republic as a protection for vital inter
ests threatened by their competition.
"Although/the movement will pass and
probably the hatred with it, the common
enemies and common interests of England
and America will tend to drive all who
speak English and sell and buy food
freely into a single defensive group."
Government Fails in Evidence.
HELENA, Mont., Nov. 1. — The charge
against Robert Aitchison of having pur
chased Government oats through the con
nivance of stable employes at Port Keogh
has been dismissed at Miles City. Two
stablemen on Altchison's ranch were also
discharged from custody, the Government
being unable to -prove they knew the prop
erty to be stolen. The two soldiers who
had delivered the oats to Aitchison are
still under arrest at the fort and will
probably be tried by court-martial.
Piles Cured Without the Knife.
Itching. Blind, Bleeding or Protruding Piles
No Cure. No Pay. All druggists are author
ized by the manufacturers of Pazo Ointment
to refund money where it fails to cure any
case of piles, no matter of how long staadin?
Cures ordinary cases in six days; the worst
cases in fourteen days. One application gives
ease and rest. Relieves itching instantly This
is a new discovery and is the only pile remedy
sold on a positive guarantee, no cure, no pay
A free sample will be sent by mail to any one
sending their name and address. Price 50c If
your druggist don't keep it in Btock send us 56^
in stamps and we will forward a full size box
by. mall. Manufactured by Paris Medicine Co"
St.Louis,Mo.,who also manufacture the celebral
ted cold cure, Laxative Bromo-Quinine Tablets
WELLS TO PUBLISH HIS "POLICY
OF ADMINISTRATION" IS LATEST
MOVE OF RAILROAD POLITICIANS
Southern Pacific Candidate for Mayor Declines
to Discuss Vital Issues Before Audiences He «
Addresses, but Says They Can Read His Views
THE attorneys and other, political
wirepullers of the Southern Pa
cific Railroad Company are prob
ably working overtime these days,
as It was announced last evening
by Asa P.. Wells, candidate on the
Republican railroad ticket for
Mayor, that he would Issue before elec
tion day "a policy of his adminstration"
as chief executive of San Francisco, the
present City Auditor taking it for granted
ROCKETS WILL
TELL RESULTS
OF ELECTION
WATCH for signals
from the dome of
The Call building
telling' the result of
the municipal election. As soon
as the returns show to a cer
tainty the choice of the people
for Mayor rockets will be sent
up, telling by their color who
has b-z«n chosen. If Tobin is
elected white rockets will be
set off. If Schmitz be the win
ner the signals will be red. If
Wells be chosen green rockets
will tell the story. Remember
the signals:
TOBIN WHITE
SCHMITZ RED
WELLS ... GREEN
Bulletins giving election
news from all over the country
as well as locally will be
thrown upon a screen in front
of The Call building, by a
stereopticon. ,
that he would be at the head of the Hat
next Tuesday.
Republican meetings were held in the
Richmond district, in Hayes Valley and
at the Alhambra Theater. The largest
audience was found in the Alhambra.
Even there the building was not half filled,
and many of those present were women
and children.
Wells first spoke last night in Richmond
Hall, Clement street and Fourth avenue,
which is situated in the Fortieth District.
As at the other meetings where Wells
appeared the small boys of the neighbor
hood made merry around the bonfires of
railroad ties and added their voices to the
half-hearted cheers that greeted the Re
publican nominee for Mayor.
Wells Appears in Bichmond District.
John T. Williams presided at the meet
ing in Richmond Hall and James M. Wil
kins, candidate for Supervisor, received a
hearty welcome. A. B. Mahoney. candi
date for County Clerk, also received an
ovation and short speeches were deliv
ered by other candidates.
Wells In addressing his audience said:
My friends: A few years ago I had no idea
that I would be able to address a meeting
at this place, and particularly so large a meet
ing of Republicans. Many years ago I used
to drive out over the Point Lobos road. Thm
place was a long- ways from where I lived
down en Sansome street. I said then some
time this would be a great city out in this
direction. At that time it was rolling sand.
A great many people thought that sand never
could be controlled. It was iike the snow
on the eastern hills, but they found that the
sand could be controlled, and that there was
a very large and conservative good people in
the neighboorhood of these hills. I am glad
to meet you. I don't know that there is any
thing in particular to say to you. All of thest
questions— the issues they call them, have been
discussed and are being discussed. The time
is too short. My ideas of the government of
this city which will be published, and 1 think
you will have a chance to thoroughly under
stand my views regarding the city's progreos
and its government and its naeds before you
are called upon to cast your ballot. I have
only appeared here for a few moments in or
der you might s«e I was in the campaign. I
really think I shall be elected, and if so I
assure you that I will not forget the Rich
mond District.
Candidates Speak in Hayes Valley.
Howry's Hall was fairly well filled last
evening by the residents of the Thirty
seventh and Thirty-eighth districts, sit
uated in Hayes Valley.
George Neal presided over the gather
ing, and the audience gave hearty recep
tions to John Lackmann, J. S. Nyland,
James M. Wilkins, Fred Eggers, Colonel
Boston. Harry Baehr, A. G. Fisk and C.
H. Stanyan, all these candidates deliver
ing addresses.
When Wells appeared on the platform
the cheers were helped out by the brass
band and the small boys in the gallery.
Wells spoke very briefly, his remarks
being as follows:
My friends: I am glad to greet you as Re
publicans. I have been so many years longer
than most of you have been on earth. I was
asked by the committee to come to Hayes
Valley to look at you and I am glad to do so.
I know you are Republicans by your looks. I
cannot say much about the issues of the day.
I have given them, however, great thought and
impression, and in case I should be your Mayor
—you know he has extraordinary powers In
the government of San Francisco, but he Is
not all. He must have good Supervisors, anC
they are the legislators of the city. If those
on the Republican ticket should be elected you
will have a good government. I do not think
it necessary to touch on the issues. I have
formulated my policy and It win be given to
you to read before you cast your vote. When
you see my declaration of policy and my Ideas
I hope you will read it with great care. 1
thank you all. Good night
Talks to German-American Citizens.
The meeting of German-American Re»
publicans at the Alhambra Theater was
not a crowded one. Predictions had been
made that Wells would find the big au
ditorium crowded to the doors. But a
single row of the gallery was occupied,
and the floor showed blocks of vacant
seats. Of the long list of vice presidents
announced to be present about one-sixth
of the number were on the platform.
The audience listened to some good
speeches by candidates and others pend
ing the arrival of Wells, who received a
warm welcome from trrose present Ad
dresses were delivered by Captain Robert
Wieneke, who presided; F. M. Freund O
F. Yon Rhein. J. LJppmann, \V. Sple«el
Judge Joachimsen, Albert Heyer, J f'
Plagemann, G. Hutaf and Chris Dunker'
The address of Wells was as follows -
Ladies and Gentlemen: It Is rather unex
pected to me to be here this evening. I had
supposed from what I had seen in the papers
and ie some of the circulars which have been
sent around, and particularly a circular of
the Protective Association, that I was ruled
out of the German Club and political party al
together, but as I came in here I recognized
some of my old and best friends, Germans that
I have known for years, and I have known
them very faithfully and very familiar friends
they have been cf mine. I don't know what
I have done, I am sure. If anything, that I
should be excluded from the German ciubs anj
German societies. I can assure you, tax
friends. notwlth*tandin« all cr that, should I
be elected you will b« my friends all tho sam«
and I shall do for you everything I would for
anybody and I believe you will be satisfied
with my administration. I suppose you have
had orators here this evening that have dis
cussed the issues— that told you what the pol
icy of the Republican party Is and what it
will be under this next administration should
they have that administration. It is thereforo
not Just the thing for me to talk very much
upon that at this time, inasmuch as I have
already formulated a policy of my administra
tion and it will b« published so that all of
ycu will have a chance to read it carefully
before you cast your votes. I don't know as
there is very much more that I can say. [
have been a citizen here for a lon« time. A
great many of you no doubt know me per
sonally and have probably had business rela
tions with me. particularly in the City Hall,
for I know the city was In debt to almost
everybody when I went then?, and I presume
that as I have to go somewhere else this even-
Ing I hope you will excuse me from further re-
m After speaking at the Alhambra. Wella
proceeded to Odd Fellows' Hall, where
the Native Sons of Vermont were holding
a social. Some of Wells' frienrls desired
to have him make a speech, but the offi
cials of the Vermont society declined to
allow politics to be brought into the gath
ering.
Candidates Worthy of Support.
Charles F. Corey, nominee for Re
corder, is a popular and capable man,
who has demonstrated his fitness for the
public service in several important posi
tions. He was chief deputy under Al
Berthier and performed the duties of the
office in a most acceptable manner.
J. E. Barry, nominee for City Attorney,
deserves the support of citizens. His rec
ord as Justice of the Peace is one of the
best ever made. His abilities as a lawyer
are beyond question. His integrity Is rec
ognized wherever he is known. The office
that he is a candidate for ts an import
ant one, but he has the ability and expe
rience to meet its requirements.
HIS SKULL FRACTURED
BY A BLOW OR FALL
Frank Brail Found in an, Unconscious
Condition and Taken to the
Btt&pftaL
John McCallum. living at 737 Mission
street, visited the Harbor Receiving Hos
pital early yesterday morning , leading
Frank Brail, known as "Frenchy." Brail's
skull was found to lie fractured. '
Policemen Janes and Hig-h tower were
notified, and to them McCallum stated
that he met "Brail in a saloon and treated
him to several drinks. A stranger stand
ing at the bar asked McCallum for the
"price of a beer" and he offered hint ID
cents, but the stranger wanted more.
Brail advised McCallum not to give the
stranger any money, as he was a "bum, '
and McCallum put the dime in his pocket.
McCallum left the saloon, expecting
Brail to follow him. He missed him a
minute later, and turning round saw Brail
lying on the sidewalk and the stranger
disappearing up the street. McCallum
found Brail Insensible, but succeeded in
rousing him and taking him to the hospi
tal. McCallum could not recollect where
the saloon was. and Janes and Hightower
walked around with him for over two
hours, but he could not locate it. It is
supposed that the man who asked for the
money struck Brail on the . head with
some blunt instrument. As Brail was con
siderably under the influence of liquor lie
may have fallen and fractured his skull.
He is doing well at the hospital and will
recover.
Mrs. Marie Smith in Court.
Mrs. Marie Smith, who was arrestei
Thursday on the charge of obtaining
money from citizens by falsely represent
ing that she was a collector "for the In
fants' Shelter, appeared in Judge Mogan' s
court yesterday morning. As no complaint
had been sworn to the case was continued
till November 7. In 1X95 Mrs. Smith w.n
assisted by the Associated Charities. \t
that time she claimed shp was the widow
of a mining man and gave her occupation
as a dressmaker.
Rice Murder Case.
The preliminary examination of William
Buckley, Thomas Moran, Charles Don- *
nelly and Edward Duncan, charjeed with
killing George W. Rice, a non-union ma
chinist, at Twentieth and Howard streets
October 11. was resumed before Judjrn
Mogan yesterday. The cross-examination
of Policeman Brown occupier! the atten
tion of the court till the adjournment The
crisp will be resumed at 1:30 o'clock this
afternoon.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ignorance f>]l
Blows out the gas and furnishes I B ify
the newspapers with a jest and lii r^J
an obituary notice. « Didn't </lfj |fi
know it was loaded may be '/S4 |§(
an honest plea, but it never 141 1 §bj
brought a victim back to life. Vt\ 63
Those who let a cough run on, n\\ Xi
in ignorance of the danger, \\ \ '/ W
find no escape from the con- I \ 7/1
sequences when the cough de- I * 'lm%
velops into lung trouble. luf I
J The best time to kill a snake I FA
is in the egg. The best time I _JA
to cure a congh is -when it Z^Stfßk
starts. Ordinarily, a few doses SffTJI
of Dr. Pierces Golden Mcd- Im I
ical Discovery will curs a ,Tt> iH
cough at • the beginning. But Lv jry
even when the. cough is deep- f^L «§|
seated, the lungs bleed and the l^> JEj
body is wasted by emaciation, \ ***'H
Dr. Pierces / Golden Medical K\ 19
Discovery will in ninety-eight p» ri
cases out of every hundred effect I n. H
a perfect and permanent cure. L^™Ji
"My husband had been coughing for years and
people frankly told me that he would go in to con-
sumption," write* Mrs. John Shireman of No.
. 265 25th Place. Chicago. 111. "He had such terri-
ble coughing spells we not only grew much
alarmed but looked for the bursting of a blood-
vessel or a hemorrhage at most any time. After
three days' coughing he was too weak to cross
the room. The doctor did him no good. I
Mated th ease to a druggist, wno handed me a
bottle of Dr. Pierces Golden Medical Discovery.
My husbands recovery was remarkable In
three days after he began using Dr. Pierce*
Golden Medical Discovery he was up and
around, and in two more days he went to work. '
• Two bottles cured him." " *v 4
The Common Sense Medical Adviser, *
1008 pages, in paper covers, is sent fret
on .receipt of 21 one-cent stamps to pay
expense of mailing only. Address JDK.
R. V. Pierce. Buffalo. N. Y.DOCUMENTS TELL THE STORY OF THE BETRAYAL OF THE UNION LABOR CAUSE
BY EUGENE E. SCHMITZ FOR SAKE OF PROFITS ON CONTRACTS FOR MACHINERY
SCHMITZ TALKS
TO PEOPLE OF
THE POTRERO
Confidence of Voters in
Labor Candidates Will
in Nowise Be Abused
THE labor candidates, headed by
Eugene E. Schmitz. visited the
Potrero last night and were ac
corded enthusiastic receptions at
Penny's Hall and at the opera
house in South San Francisco.
That the sentiment for the la
bor ticket In this section Is strong was
evidenced by the large crowds that
g-reeted the labor standard-bearer. The
Kepublic&ns as well as the Democrats
who attended the meetings were con
vinced that members of the old-line par
ties must combine on Tobin If they hoped
to defeat the labor candidate for Mayor.
Addresses were made at Penny's Hall
ry Messrs. Harcourt, Murphy, Getchell,
Coghlan. Roberts and Coyle. When
fichmitz appeared he was given hearty
cheers. He spoke in part as follows:
I was convinced that the labor ticket met
with your approbation in the Potrero and your
reception has justified my belief. They are
tailing you all sorts of thing's about me and
my ¦ ;iow candidates, but thus far they have
been unable to attack our personal characters.
They call us a class ticket. What are the Re
publican and Democratic tickets but class
tickets? They represent the railroad and
basses. You should stand by the worklngmen's
ticket because that is the party which will see
tliat your interest* are not neglected if you
place them In office. My opponents are both
rich men and how can they appreciate your
. needs? I have not the recommendation of
wealth, but I am backed by the people. That
If sufficient recommendation for me. If you
elect me as your Mayor I assure you I will not
neglect your interests. Tou need improvements
and I will see that you get them as far as It
. lie* In my power to supply your needs.
Should Support "Labor Ticket.
At the opera-house In South San Fran
cisco a large audience greeted Schmitz.
He was received with marked manifesta
tions of approval of his candidacy. He
«id in part:
- thank you for this cordial reception. It
proves to me that you sympathize with the
movement which makes it possible for the
workingroen to have something to 6ay about
the administration of public affairs. You
should support the labor ticket whelly, for the
candidates thereon are known and respected
5r tfaeir honesty. Mr. Tobin says the issues
of' this campaign are honesty and independence
Sn municipal government. I accept those Is
sues We have honesty on our side, and If
we are elected to office we will prove our In
dependence of the influences which at all time*
eu-round and often corrupt public officials.
'-his campaign has been an impersonal one
s' far as I am concerned. My personal char
acter has not been assailed for the reason that
' It compares favorably with that of my op
ponents and for the reason that I have lived
n upright life in the community in which I
nit** my home. If elected Mayor I will carry
ou the provisions of the charter in every re
*poct and there will be no special privileges
•riven to the few while the many go without.
I will be the Mayor at the people and not a
class I favor the acquisition of the Geary
*treet franchise. and I believe we should own
our public utilities. My policy will .be fair
treatment of all irrespective of conditions of
life You won't have to ride to the City Hall on
a i»olo pony in order to see me. Vote the labor
tic set ttiaight and you wont have cause to
regret your action. •
Received by the Eagles.
Schmitz next- spoke at a meeting of
Aerie No. 5, Order of Eagles. In B'nai
B'rith Hall. The place was packed and
th«? labor standard bearer was accorded
a flattering reception. He spoke briefly
and his remarks were much the same as
those expressed in the Potrero. On leav
ing this place he went to the hall above
and addressed a small gathering of sheet
irH'tsl workers. A flying trip was then
mc.de to 1113 Clay street, where a small
crowd was assembled. Owing to the late
r.<*::s cf the hour • .any had returned to
th«lr homes- in the belief that Schmitz
would not come. Schmitz talked briefly.
he assuring his hearers that If elected
the people of the Forty-second District
«^ would never have cause to regret their
'choice. He spoke favorably of his fellow
candidates and- recommended them to the
suffrage of his hearers. This closed the
evening's campaigning. (
PHOTOGRAPHS OF LETTERS AND A RECEIPTED BILL WHICH SHOW THE "KIND OF A UNION MAN THAT SCHMITZ IS."
T* /. MAHONEY of the BrotJierhood of Teamsters, one of the speakers at the Schmits meeting held on Friday night in the hall of the Sailors' Union, in the course of his
— address used these words:
"That's the kind of union man that Eugene E. Schmitz is"
The Call to-day presents photographs of three documents which should illustrate Mr. Mahoney's remark to the satisfaction of all union men.
The story told by the documents is this:
Early in June the Risdon Iron and Locomotive Works, unable on account of the machinists' strike to fill an order for certain machinery for the Oceanic Steamship
Company's steamship Alameda, offered that work to outside parties. *
Eugene E. Schmitz, not then having in prospect a place at the head of the Labor Union ticket, saw in the strait of the Risdon people only an opportwttty
to help along the Economist Gas Engine Company, the boat in which lie plows the industrial sea.
Schmitz made a bid for the work on June 12, offering to provide two ammonia compressors with engines attached for $530 each.
The Risdon Iron Works accepted his bid on June 18.
And then, while to use the words of Schmits on Friday night at Sailors' Union Hall, "the children and families (of the striking machinists) were crying for bread,"
he set the wheels of his shop in motion to do for the Risdon Iron Works that same work which the striking union machinists had refused to perform.
The next exhibit tells the story of the price paid Mr. Schmitz for doing the zvork his fellow-unionists had refused.
The object of the strike was to compel the iron works to comply with a request for a shorter day. The unions figured that being unable to get any work done the em
ployers would be obliged to grant the concession. With the aid of non-union men in their shops, however, and union men like Schmitz on the outside, the employers have so far
managed to fill orders and carry on business.
As the strike is still on, the children and families to whom Schmitz so pathetically referred must still be crying for bread.
Schmitz received $1144 53 for doing in secret the work the real union men had refused.
"That's the kind of a union man that Eugene E. Schmitz is."
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAIX, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 2, 1901.
ALL PARTIES
HAVE A TRY
AT ORATORY
Merry Order of Eagles
Makes Room for Can
didates on Every Ticket
THERE was talent from a number
of the theaters in B' lai B'rlta
Hall last night to entertain tho
many hundreds that were tagge'l
to attend the smoker given un
der the auspices of San Fran
cisco Aerie No. 5 of the Frater
nal Order of Eagles, under the direction
of the following committee of arrange
ments: J. F. Cheatham (chairman), J. J.
Sheridan, H. Tonnemacher, O:to Han
sen, Frank Dunn, J. W. Larsen. J. H.
Pein, J. M. Moffltt. Charles Mitchell.
Jerome Bassity, Samuel Mount and J.
George Crowley.
Oscar Hocks, the grand president of the
order, was the presiding genius on tfca
platform, and he was assisted by Vice
President C. G. Nagle and J. 9, Cheat
ham. The fun was started by Harry I.
Mulcreuvy, who gave a talk on the fra
ternal features of the Order of Eag.es.
Following this was a varied programmes
of vaudeville numbers, which included
songs, specialties and the imposition of
fines on members for either making too
much or not enough noise. Those who
contributed to the entertainment were
Charles Oliver, \V. Akers, William Wil
son, Morgan and Charles, T. T. Cava
nagh, Cai Davis, James Mackey, t'red
Kveret and a number of others who art*
stars at the Orpheum, Fischer's and other
places of amusement. Prominent amoaj
the entertainers were the Waterman sis
ters, who rendered a song dedicated to the
Eagles. Kach of the singers was decor
ated with a medal. There was also a
three-round boxing match between 800
Harrington and Bob McCormack, refereed
by Jerome A. Bassity.
All Candidates Speak.
At the close of the programme the affair
turned Into a political gathering tree for
all, and any one who had a candidate
rushed him to the platform to make a.
short address. As i talking match for
the candidates it did not count for much,
but as an exhibition of '.hose who are
seeking places it was a howlin;? success.
Among the many who were brought to the
front was Joseph S. Tobin, who was He
corded silence for a few moments, dur
ing which he gave hU view% on the
Mayoralty contest and the necessity for
good government. John Lackmann, can
didate for Sheriff, was in evidence, and
Eugene K. Schmifz, who is running for
Mayor, tried to say something. H
followed by George Dahlbender, Arthur
Fisk, F. J. Laughrey, Dr. C. A. Glover
and Harry Bahr. the candidate for Tax
Collector, who put in an appearance and
was given an ovation. Wells was not
there. Next came a crowd of candidates
for Supervisor until it seemed that triers
was no end to them. They were of all
political parties and all felt happy be
cause they had had an opportunity to ad
dress a mixed audience.
DEMOCRATS WIXL MEET
ON MONDAY EVENING
At Pythian Castle Monday evening at \
o'clock there will be a meeting of men
representing the Tobin clubs of San Fran
cisco. The conference is proposed for the
purpose of suggesting and putting lnir> ci
feet proper measures for watching the
count of the ballots. Every Tobin club
of the city should be represented at tho
meeting.
So far as public speaking ta concerned
the campaign will close to-night. The im
portant'duties of getting voters to the
polls and vigilantly observing the; tally
of the ballots must not be neglected. The
details for the watching should be made
to cover every voting precinct ir the cif.
and means of communicating instantiv
with headquarters should be provided. A
full vote and a fair count will insure vie
tory for the nominee who represents in
his candidacy the principles of TiunJdpai
progress and clean government.
34
SCHMITZ IS GIVEN OPPORTUNITY TO SELECT A JURY OF IMPARTIAL MEN
TO EXAMINE INTO SERIOUS CHARGES MADE AGAINST HIM BY UNIONISTS
MAGEE SAYS TOBIN'S ELECTION
MUST BE SECURED TO PREVENT
CIVIC GOVERNMENT CORRUPTION
Weil-Known Real Estate Dealer Tells of Results
Caused by Control of Officials by Railroads
and the Boss Element in Many American Cities
THE following pertinent article on
corruption of civic government
has been written by Thomas
Magee Sr., the well-known real
estate dealer of San Francisco,
for to-day's issue of the Real Es
tate Circular:
Vote on. Principle Only.
The importance of each voter in city elec
tions voting on principle only, using his best
endeavor to ascertain on which side principles
lie, becomes every year more vital and import
ant, for c-ach year it becomes more likely that
this country is most in danger of wreck from
the corruption cf city government. And this
corruption comes from corporations, street
railroad, water, gas. electric light, telephone
and power companies, as well as from gam
blers and pool sellers.
With increasing persistence these city cor- ;
ix>raiions aim more and more to escape carry-
Ing anything like their Just share of tax bur
dons and more and more to add to their legltl- 1
male business, departments designed through,
very able, wholly brassy and utterly unscrup
ulous lawyers and purchased newspapers to
hoodwink the public Into the belief that they
are much Injured benefactors. These corpora
tion* in New York. Philadelphia and Chicago
generally own the State Legislature, some
time* the Governor and nearly always the
Mayor and local lawmakers.
K"ew York's Crooked Machine.
This ownership is generally not direct, but
Is maintained by buying the political machine
that elects and wholly runs these officials.
This machine has been longest and best man
aged for all purposes of rascality In the city j
of New Tork and is known world-wide as
Tammany, but it is surpassed in many points ;
of unblushing villainy in Philadelphia, but I
MODOC LYNCHERS
FIGHTING VAINLY
Court Denies Motions
to Set Aside the
Indictments.
ALTURAS, Nov. I.— ln the Superior
Court this morning the case of The Peo
ple vs. Brown. Eades and Levanton. al
leged participants in the lynching of Cal
vin Hall, his three sons and Daniel Yan
lis. was resumed. The demurrer of de
fendant Brown to the Indictment Nvas
riled and overruled. Brown refused to
plead to the charge as contained in the
indictment and a plea of "not guilty" w.is
ordered entered. Judge Harrington or
dered the trial of Brown set for Novem
ber 25 and a venire of 100 trial jurors re
turnable at that date.
In the case of The People vs. Eades ar
gument to set aside the indictment as
found by the Grand Jury was heard and
the motion denied. Tne motion was based
on the same grounds as in the case of
Brown. In addition thereto, the defense
offered to prove that less than twelve
grand jurors voted to return the indict
ment. On the motion being denied the de
fendant filed a demurrer, whicli was over
ruled, and Eades entered a plea of "not
guilty."
On motion of District Attorney Bcn
ner the trial of Eades was set for De
cember 16.
The case of The Peopje vs. Levanton
c resumed to-morrow. The defense
will ask that the indictment be set aside
upon the same grounds as in the case cf
Brown and Eades.
Navajos Ask for Farm Lands.
WASHINGTON, Nov. I.— Commissioner
rf Indian Affairs Jones to-day gave a
hearing to Tut-Chee-Ne-Teal and Dana
Yazzie, representing 200 non-reservation
Navaje Indians, who are seeking title to
public Unas they occupy on the Little
Colorado River in Arizona, just below the
Moqui reservation. Through Missionary
W. R. Johnston, who accompanied them,
tney asked for about forty acres of agri
cultural land for each person. It was ex
plained that the Navajop. although Indus
trious, have been growing poorer for the
past four years and soon must be fed by
the Government unless the relief asked is
given. The matter was taken under ad
visement.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Heart
Beats
that arc too fast or too slow,
too strong or too weak, arc not
the kind that come from a
healthy heart. Remember,
every heart that pains, flutters,
palpitates, skips beats, and
every heart that causes ' fainting
spells, shortness of breath or
smothering, is weak or diseased,
and cannot keep the blood cir-
culating at its normal rate.
. "My heart was very weak and
kept skipping beats until it
missed from one to three beats a
minute. Well knowing what
the result would be if this trouble
was not stopped, I began taking
Dr. Miles' Heart Cure, and two
bottles brought the heart action
. to its normal condition."
D. D. Holm. ' A
Huntington, Ind. M
D*. Miles' *
Heat t Cut
never fails to benefit weak or
diseased hearts, when taken in
time. Don't wait, but begin
its use at once. Sold by drug-
gists on guarantee. v.V ,
Dr. Miles Medical Co., Elkhart* Iwk
runs closer to red-handed anarchy and all that
is un-American in Chicago. American institu
tions cannot survive if this anarchy and en
mity to all justice and purity are to continue.
They are made possible far more by the
neglect of so-called good citizens to take an
interest in civic duties than by anything else,
and after that by the difficulty of getting even
the most intelligent voters to throw politics to
the winds at city elections. One Tammany
fostered organization in New York now con
trols all the gas, electric light and electric
power companies of New York City and has
stocks and bonds out for $400,000,000 on fran
chise and properties that did not cost over
$100,000,000. . • .
Companies Forced to Sell.
It Is gouging from the public, too,
dividends on the bloated mm first
named. Separate companies that were
supposed to be impregnable to all as
sault, and which had millionaires and the
highest ability in their management, were
forced to sell out to this gigantic corporation
because Tammany was behind it and Tam
many owned the Mayor, the Aldermen, the
Courts and the police and could dictate legis
lation at Albany. All of these powers would
have been used to drive the resisting com
panies into bankruptcy |f they had finally re
sisted being swallowed by the giant anaconda
of infamy named.
If so-called Intelligent voters were not en
titled to be called criminals by neglecting to
vote on the one hand, of preferring party
names to principles on the other, these mon
strous crimes, this monumental inflation of
values and outrageous overcharge of the pub
lic h°d Pay for it could not have been accom
plished.
n^. ce ydv d0 b iti th n l .in Turke V or China such
high-handed villainy could have been per-
Pe n I " a H ted ™ Tl £ United States **** is Popularly
called Old Glory. Its stars should not be
allowed to wave over that nest of corruption.
t-t-'..* T T T '11T1 • • T--
MOB GIVES HIM
A COAT OF TAR
Loomis, Wash., Citizens
Roughly Use J. M.
Haggerty.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOOMIS. Wash., Nov. 1.-J. M. Hag
gerty was tarred and feathered to-day by
an indignant mob of citizens who took of
fense at his recent remarks concerning
the Palmer Mountain Tunnel Company
and its operations.
Mr. Haggerty is a Well known man in
this section. He was formerly a -news
paper man and has been interested in sev
eral mining: deals. Recently, while in
fh^'r th e> £ c , said , In a published article
™, i^ Palmer Mountain Tunnel Com
pany had not made a showing of values
as it claimed. He deposited $50 with the
eaitor of a Spokane paper, which money
was to be forfeited if an expert sent out
that paper could find ten ledges each
toil in Width With values of $10 a
Citizens had read Mr. Haggertys state
ments and they were waiting for him
when he arrived on the stage. An im
promptu mass meeting was held in the
public square. Mr. Haggerty was accused
of giving the camp a black eye and an ex
planation was demanded. Mr. Haggertv
adhered to his statement. This enraged
the crowd and threats of violence were
heard on all sides.
Suddenly a dozen men seized Mr Hag
gerty and before half the crowd knew
what was occurring a bucket of tar and
a pillow were produced. The tar was
poured over Mr. Haggerty - head and lie
was then liberally besprinkled with feath
ers.
Escorted by about twenty men the v'c
tim was paraded through the streets for
a half hour. Then his persecutors let Mm
go. m
Mr. Haggerty scraped off such of Ihe
tar as he could and then left for his min
ing claim, about three miles from town.
.He had little to say during the tarring
and the parade, though he fought vigor
ously while the sticky mass was being
applied. Afterward he swore he would
get even with some of the mob.
There were no officers of the law in the
town during the trouble.
GERMANS TRIUMPH
OVER SACRAMENTO
Pitcher Stricklett Is Hit
Hard in the Fifth Inning,
Resulting in Many Runs
Uncle Henry's German ball players went
through the formality of playing the na
tional game with the men from the capital
city yesterday at Recreation grounds. The
fans who turned out to witness the game
were doomed to bitter disappointment
after the fourth inning. The game began
like a championship contest and ended in
a manner that would have discredited ¦ a
band of schoolboys. Up to the fourth
both pitchers were effective, and the sup
port they received was of the gilt edge
order, so the game bid fair to become a
repetition of Thursday's brilliant contest.
Ine Wasps, however, aided by a large
bunch or nits and a coupie of costly mi:-
plays in the fifth, took an overwhelming
lead. A listless exhibition resulted for the
next five innings. . cv lor me
The Senators assumed a dangerous atti
tude in the third. Sullivan led off with
a single to left field, but was forced at
second by Stricklett. Flood followed with
an infield hit. putting Stricklett on second.
Sneehan secured a pass, and with the
bases full Courtney came to the bat Flood
began to play off the middle station, and
in an endeavor to catch him napping Wil
son threw high and Stricklett scored.
Courtney hit an easy one to Iburg, who
caught Flood at the plate. Sheehan was
soon after caught in trying to steal home.
In the fourth round little Hildebrand
sent a pretty double out ' to left field
Schwartz went out to Sheehan. Captain
Pabst followed with a hot liner to center
field, sending "Hlldy" across the rubber.
Pabst was caught while trying to make
second on the throw in.
With the Scoreboard reading one all in
the fifth the Oermans started in to do a
few things to Mr. Strickletfs polished de
livery. Krug started the annihilation and
was quickly followed by the rest of the
pretzel shooters. In all seven safe bumps
were registered, which, with the aid of nn
error or two and a couple of passes, netted
eight marks on the German side of the
book.
Not content with what they had already
accomnlished, the Wasps went after Mr
Brown. who replaced Stricken in the
sixth. The bunt was worked to a stand
still, and before the side had been retired
three more husky Teutonians went the
rout".
brown is a young amateur from New-
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 2, 1901.
SCHMITZ IS CHALLENCED
TO SET FORTH EVIDENCE
/N this morning's issue of the Examiner there was published a statement given out by the ex
ecutive committee of the Iron Trades Council to which zvere attached some of the names repre
sented in that body.
We, the undersigned, on Wednesday last, published a statement over our signatures, with
out fear or favor, in which we charged Mr. Eugene E. ScJtmits with having violated his obliga
gations as a trades unionist. We made specific charges against Mr. Schmits and asked him to pre
sent his proofs in denial, namely, the books of the firms interested, as the best evidence. He has
not done so. We nozv repeat that he continued to take his castings up to Wednesday of this week
from the Bcalc-strcct foundry, a non-union shop. Mr. H. Bell, who was working on them, zvas
called out by E. Tzvomcy. He zvas accompanied to the foundry by two other members of the ex
cutk'c board of the Core-Makers' Union No. 68.
Mr. Schmits, the above is a plain statement of facts, and zee nozv challenge you to select
any impartial body of men, be they professional, business or union men, so that we may appear
before them and prove our charges. We do this to show that you are the traitor, not us. We are
not employers; we are simply plain union men. We hold no dual positions. We are not union men
on one side and employers on the other. We resent your calling its traitors and tricksters. Our rec
ord in the iron trades strike shoivs our loyalty to the cause. In what particular are we traitors?
Is it because we have manfully stood by the truth? ED TWOMEY,
T. REAR DON,
WM. LANE.
San Francisco, Nov. 2, icjoi.
the City Hall of New Tork, while all that Is
cherished in free government is there spat
upon.
Cities Traveling to Ruin.
All large American cities, with the exception
of Cleveland. Detroit and Baltimore, are trav
eling this municipal road of corruption and '
ruin, and therefore we repeat the city voter |
has a far more responsible duty to perform j
than the rural voter. Here in San Francisco, ]
under our new charter, an honest Mayor and a 1
eood Board of Supervisors, we have been mak
ADMIRAL SCHLEY WILL HAVE A FINAL WORD
FOR COURT OF INQUIRY BEFORE IT CLOSES
Proceedings of the Naval Tribunal Are Now Almost at an End and the
Decision Will Be Rendered Within a Few Weeks.
WASHINGTON, Nov. I.— The
hands of the antique time
piece which stands against
the wall occupied by the
Schley court of inquiry point
ed to 12:45 o'clock to-day while Judge Ad
vocate Lemly announced that he had no
more witnesses to call and Mr. Raynor
said that no witnesses would be sum
moned on behalf of Admiral Schley in sur
rebuttal.
For a moment it appeared as if the
now famous case was about to reach a
sudden conclusion. But this delusion was
soon dissipated by the announcement on
the part of Captain I^emly that he might
ask to be allowed to bring in one more
witness on Monday and also a statement
from Mr. Raynor that Admiral Schley
himself would resire to return to the stand
on Monday to correct errors in his evi
dence as officially reported.
There is probability that the admiral
will consume considerable time in going
fiver the printed record of what he said
and there also is an understanding that
he will make some additions to his former
statements. But it is not believed that
beyond what he may have to say there
will be much more testimony taken in
the case.
The only witness that the judge advo
cate still has in mind is lieutenant
Strauss, and Captain I^ehily said to-day
that if the lieutenant's attendance could
be secured he would detain the court for
a short time only. Captain Sig-sbee also
will return to the stand Monday to make
corrections in the testimony given yes
terday by him.
These details completed the argument
of counsel will begin and then counsel
and the public will withdraw and leave
the court to its deliberations. The task
before the court is not a light one and
it may be weeks before the verdict will
be reached.
To-day's witnesses were Sylvester Sco
vil, a former newspaper correspondent,
who saw service in the Cuban campaign;
Lieutenant Hood, who commanded the
H?wk during- the Spanish war. and also
a number of officers who were heard yes
terday and who returned to the stand to
correct testimony. The court he'd only
one session and adjourned until Monday.
ARRANGE ABOUT ARGUMENT.
Attorneys Announce How They In
tend to Closs the Case.
WASHINGTON, Nov. I.— The Schley court of
inquiry was six minutes late In entering the
hall this morning, this being the first time
that absolute promptness has not been ob
served. Judge Advocate L/rnly announced that
counsel had agreed on the order of speeches
in closing the case, subject to the sanction of
the court. Hanna is to open for the depart
ment. He will be followed by Captain Parker
and Raynor for Admiral Schley and Judge
Advocate Lemly will close for the department.
Adrr.iral Dewey announced that this arrange
ment was ratlsfactory to the court.
Captain Lemly then brought up the question
of the character of the argument io be made,
saying:
"I would like for my own information to ask
tho instruction? of the court as to whether
or not we are expected in the closing argument
to confine ourselves to the evidence and to
castlf. CaL, and is a pupil of Pace, who
formerly caught in this lpague. He was
given a chance to test his ability, but
under rather hard circumstances. With
a good start and any kind of support a
mor.» thorough knowledge of his twirling
ability may be obtained. Krug was put
in to pitch for the Wasps in the sixth,
after the battle was won. He proved just
as effective as Iburg, for the Senators
found it impossible to locate his shoots
and curves. The score:
SAN FRANCISCO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
N'Tdyke. c. f b 1 0 0 3 0 0
Wilson, c 4 2 1 0 5 2 1
Hlldebrand, 1. f 2 2 1 0 3 ] 0
Schwartz, 2b & r. f. 3 1 1 0 2 1 0
P;ibst, lb 4 13 0 7 2 0
Krug, i> & 2b 4 2 2 0 2 10
Shay, ss 4 0 10 4 4 1
Reilly, 3b 4 110 0 3 0
Ibun?. p 2 110 13 0
Graham, r. f 1 1 0 0 0 n B
Totals •. 33 12 11 0 27 17 ~2
SACRAMENTO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Flood, r. f. & 2b.... 4 0 1 0 5 2 1
Sheehon, 3b 3 0 0 0 1 0 1
Courtney, c. {........ S 1 10 3 1 0
Hoffer, 2b &r. t.... 4 0 0 0. 0 1 0
D.avip, Ih 3 0 1 0 ltt 0 0
MrLaughlln. 1. f — 4 0 1 1 10 0
mix, s? 4 0 10 2 2 0
Sullivan, c 4 0 10 2 10
Htrirklett', p 1 1 0 0 0 1 0
Brcvn. p 10 10 0 3 1
Tntals 31 2 7 1 24 11 3
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
San Francisco 0 0 0 1 .8 3 0 0 •— 12
Hase hits 0 0 0 2 7 2 0 0 •— 11
Saerar.iPlHo 0 0 10 0 0 0 0 I—2
Buse hits 0 12100012—7
STMMARY.
Uuns responsible for— Stricklett 6. Brown 3.
Two-base hits — Hiktebrand, Pabst. Shay. Sac
ing some progress toward corporate control
and havine something to show for public
money expended. But the shoe of the charter
has pinched every corporate evil and every
political soonere and wire puller. These influ
ences stole the Republican name and nomi
natrd under It a ticket, especially of Super
visors, that nobody with any claim for truth
can pretend to defend. If the charter is to be
If civil service reform is to make
progress, if taxation is to be kept down, the
Mayor and Supervisors on the Democratic
ticket should be elected.
the scope of the precept as defined by the
court. I mean the arguments made by counsel
for the applicant and by my associate and
myself."
Raynor— Of course in making an argument
we won't pretend to refer to anything not in
the record. We are bound by that but I do
not want to have any more restrictions placed
upon my argument than I would in any other
court. I want the constitutional right to argue
this case within proper bound 6 and with great
respect to everybody concerned, but to make
criticisms as they appear proper to me, or to
make eomwrfTnt. If I should find, for instance,
that I believed a witness has not told the truth
1 should not hesitate to say so.
Captain Lemly— That is ri<?ht.
Admiral Dewey— There won't be any trouble
about that. When we come to that bridge we
will cross It.
Sylvester Scovil was then called as the first
witness for the day. He said that while on
the pressboat Somers X. Smith, as a news
paper correspondent on May 27 or 28, it came
up with the St. Paul, of which SUsbe"e was
in command off Santiago. There was a con
versation with Captain Si)?sb«e through the
megaphone and he himself had used the meg
aphone in conducting the interview. The wit
ness said the Somers N. Smith was about
seventy-live or r.ne hundred feet from the St.
Paul during the conversation.
"Oive us as nearly »y you can the words
of that conversation," said Captain L.?m!y.
Conversation With Sig-sbee.
"We had been sent to find Commodore Schley
and the first question, of course, was 'Where
is Schley?' and the answer from Captain Sigs
bee wag "You will find him in the Yucatan
passage' and then. Inasmuch as our boat was
very slow, I asked him to advise me whether
he thought we could catch Commodore Schley
if we followed him and he stated "Yes."
"The second Question was "Where is Cer
vera?' and in answer to that Captain Sigsbee
did not speak for a moment. He consulted
with somebody on the bridge of the s-hip and
then answered 'I am not sure, but we caught
an English collier trying to sneak into the
harbor this morning. 1 That was all the con
versation I remember to have had with Cap
tain Sigsbee personally. Other men on the
boat had some conversation with him."
"Did Captain Sigsb«e during any time of the
conversation inform you that the Spanish
squadron was not in Santiago?"
"He did not tell us that the Spaniards were
not In there."
On cross-examination Scovil sairi that he had
been at the megaphone a part of the time.
He could not say whether others on board the
press boat had talked with Captain Sigsbee.
"Then," asked Raynor. "are you prepared to
say en your oath that no one in your boat
asked Captain Sigsbee whether Oervera was
or was not in the harbor of Santiago?"
"It Is possible." was the reply, "that a con
versation might have taken place on the part
of some one else, but as the Smith was a small
boat and as conversation must necessarily
be In a loud tone of voice I think I would
have heard it if there had been any."
"Are you then prepared to say that the tes
timony of Mr. Hare, In which he said that
Captain Sigshee had said that the Spaniards
were not at Santiago, is false?"
"No. I am not prepared to say that his
statement is false and that no such conversa
tion took place, but I can swear that nothing
of the kind was said while I was conducting
the conversation and I conducted the principal
part of It."
Correct Their Testimony.
Scovil was then excused and a number of
the witnesses of yesterday were called for
the purpose of making corrections In their tes
timony. While Captain Eaton of the Resolute
was on the stand for this purpose Captain
L<emly asked him:
"Which way was the Brooklyn heading when
you saw her funnels appear out of the smoke
to the southward as you stated yesterday?"
riflce hit— Hildebrand, Schwartz. First base on
errors-San Francisco 1, Sacramento 1. First
hase on called balls— San Franci«co 4, Sacra
mento 4. Left on bases— San Francisco 2, Sac
ra-mento 6. Struck out— By Iburg 3, by Krug
1. by Stricklett 1. by Brown 1. Double play—
Hildebrand to Shay. Passed ball— Sullivan,
w il<l pitch— lburg. Time of game— l hour a.n.l
«n minutes. Cmcire— Harper. Official scorer—
H. S. McFarlin.
Oakland Defeats the Angels.
LOS ANGELES, Nov. I.— The tail enders
took a sudden brace to-day and by bunch
ing three hits with an error and a wild
pitch made enough runs to win. Levy
was roasted by the crowd for favoring the
visitors at every opportunity. Score:
LOS ANGELES.
„ vii , AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Hemphill, If 4 0 0 0 10 0
Dougherty, rf 4 0 0 0 1 0 0
Householder, cf 4 0 1 0 2 0 1
Reitz. 2b 4 12 12 2 1
Kihm. lb 3. 1 1 0 14 0 0
Reilly, 3b 3 0 2 0 17 0
Hall, s.s 3 0 0 0 2 1 1
Sj'les, c 3 0 0 0 4 10
Hale, p 3 0 0 0 0 3 0
Totals 31 2 6 1 27 14 3
OAKLAND.
AB. R. BH. SB. FO. A. E.
Francks, cf 4 0 0 0 3 0 0
Mohler. 2b 4 0 2 14 3 1
Dunleavy, 3b 4 0 0 0 1 4 0
Aloskiman, p 4 0 1 0 0 4 0
Eapan. lb 4 1 0 0 14 0 0
Babbitt, s.s 4 10 8 2 3 0
Hanson, rf 4 0 0 0 10 0
I^ohman, c 2 1 1 1 2 1 0
Schmidt. If 3 0 1 0 0 0 0
Totals S3 3 5 2 27 15 1 j
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Los Angeles 0 0 0 2 0 0 0 0 o—2
Base hits 0 2 0 3 0 1 0 0 o—6 '
Bepew Speaks for Reform.
NEW YORK, Nov. I.— Senator Depew
was the principal speaker "to-night at a
fusion meeting held at Durland's Riding
Academy, this city. Other speakers were
Seth Low, candidate for Mayor, and Jus
tice Jerome, candidate for District Attor
ney. The audience packed the meeting
place and overflowed by thousands on the
adjoining streets.
The witness replied: "About southwest as
I saw her nearly broadside on."
He also ?aid that when he saw the Brooklyn
making her turn "with comparative rapidity,"
the turn had been nearly completed.
Captain Chadwick, while under recall, said
in response to a question from Raynor that
there had been a practical abrogation by the
Navy Department of the precautionary orders
concerning the bombardment of Spanish shore
batteries in order to permit the bombardment
of San Juan, Porto Rico. He added that in
Ms opinion there had been a general abrogation
of the order, but Raynor objected to the giving
of opinions.
Captain Chadwick was then excused and
Lieutenant John Hood, who commanded the
Hawk during the Spanish war, was recalled
He was questioned on the point made by Ad
miral Schley in his testimony that the com
manding officer of the Dolphin had filed with
the Navy Department a memorandum in which
he said, speaking: -of Hoods return from his
mission to Commodore Schley, while the latter
lay off Cienfuegos. "Hood says a good many
officers do not believe the Spaniards are there
(at Cienfuegos) at all. but they can only sur
mise."
In reply to a question as to what report he
had made on which th» memorandum could
have been based the witness replied:
"I reported to the commanding officer of the
Dolphin that I conversed with a number of
officers and that I did not belipve myself nor
did any of the officers believe, as far as I
could make out, that the Spaniards were there
that there was no reason for believing they
were and that I thought Commodore Schley
had convinced himself they were there on very
slender grounds."
Hanna— Did you or not make any report to
the commanding officer of the Dolphin which
would warrant the use of language embodied
in that memorandum?"
"I did make tuch a report: one warranting
stronger language than that."
Didn't Board the Adula.
Hanna— How did you get the notes in refer
ence to hoarding the Adula?
"I never boarded the Adula. I returned to
the flagship Brooklyn after collecting the mail,
under Commodore Schley's ord«rs about 11
o'clock. Just as I came aboard i' met Lieu
tenant Simpson of the Brooklyn who had
boarded the Adula and had his written report
I asked him to let me see it. as there might
be valuable information in it, which he did
I theh told him I wanted a copy of it to take
hack to the admiral as there was in my opin
ion. very valuable information in it. s'impson
and myself went to the executive officer' s office
and he read the notes over. He had the ex
ecutive officer's writer make a cony for me
to take back to the admiral as valuable In
formation. He had just come out from mak
ing his report to the commander of the flying
squadron. That as quoted in the' appendix la
an exact copy of Simpson's boarding report to
the- commander in chief of the flying squad
ron." *
Lieutenant Hood said in reply to a question
from Raynor that he had not boarded the
Adula and that the notes which he h*d car
ried back to the Dolphin were those made by
Lieutenant Simpson; hence It was Lieutenant
Simpson and not himself who had boarded the
British ship.
Lieutenant Hood was then excused and a
number of telegrams and official dispatches
which have heretofore been put in, were In
troduced at this point for the convenience of
counsel.
Captain T#mly then stated that he had one
more witness whom he desired to call on Mon
day owing to the fact that he was too ill to
appear to-day and It was also stated that
Admiral Schley would again take the stand for
the purpose of correcting his testimony
Raynor said he would have no more wit
nesses, except possibly the admiral himself
There being no further business before the
court an adjournment was taken at 12 45 until
Monday at 11 a. m. '
Oa^" d . |V :.....0 0 0 0 0 0 3 0 0-3
Base hits •••• .....0 00 00 13 10-5
SUMMARY.
Runs : responsible for— Moskiman 2. Hale 1
Three-base hit-Householder. Two-base hit-
Klhnr Sacrifice hlt-Klhm. First base on f V
OakUn^^T 3 ;^ FlrBt k base on <»»«<! balls-
B^!an d d V c^ eft , on b a*es-LoB Angeles 3
Oakland 4. Struck out-By Hale 3 by Mo s ki
"If 1 2 H»? 0U i We ( Ia^ X (unassisted) Wild
n^[nure? al Up lr^ v °; ««*-! hour '.nd 'lS
HEAVY INCREASE IN
SHIPMENTS OP OIL
October Output From the Kern Rivei
Field Almost Three Thousand
Carloads.
BAKERSFIELD, Nov. 1.-The ship
ments of oil from the Kern River field
for the month of October surpassed that
?l an / Previous. month in the history of
the field by about 350 cars. OfthN
amount 2250 carloads were hauled out by
the Southern Pacific Company alone it
is estimated that had there not been a
shortage of oil cars the figure would
have been at least one-third larger a
The amount hauled in by the Southern
Pacific, together with 40) carloads brought
in for the Santa Fe. the oil used on the
roads of the county and about 400 carloads
used at McWhorter's refinery bring the
month's production and shipment near the
3000 carload mark.
Dr. C. C O'Donnell is still in the fight
and will surely win this time, as the
unions are now in his favor. Be sure to
vote for him for Mayor by writine his
name with a lead pencil at the head of the
blank column. •
PROOF ON FILE IN CITY HALL
THAT E. E. SCHMITZ IS FALSE
TO WELFARE OF LABOR UNIONS
Articles of Incorporation Prove That Candidate
Recently Went on Record as Being Member of
Party Pledged to Foster Republican Principles
IN the event of any proof being called
for to show that E. E. Schmitz. the
candidate for Mayor on the Labor
ticket, is false to the party he claims
to represent, such proof can b«
found in the records of the County
Clerk at the City Hall.
As recently as June last Schmitz went
on record as being pledged to maintain
the political principles of the Republican
party and he was one of the incorporatora
erf the Republican Primary Election
Heague that filed at the City Hall the
requisite documents of incorporation. The
articles of incorporation. to which
SchmUz's name is appended,' together
with those of other well known Republi
cans, are in part as follows:
"That we. the undersigned residents of
the State of California, have this day
voluntarily associated ourselves together
for the purpose of forming a corporation
under the laws of the State of California."
The objects of the corporation are slat
ed to be as follows: "To foster and
maintain the political principles of
the Republican party: • • * to
assist in securing the nomination and
election of the best and most represent
ative men as candidates of the Republi
can party for public office; to maintain
and establish a central organisation of
the Republican party." etc.
The articles also recite "that the term
for which said corporation is to exist is
fifty years from and after the date of its
incorporation * * • an( j that the di
rectors or trustees who have been or are
JUDGE M'KINSTRY
DIES IN SAN JOSE
Passes Away Suddenly
in the O'Connor San
itarium.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE. Nov. I.— Judge E. W. Mc-
Kinstry. the well known lawyer of San
Francisco, died in O'Connor Sanitarium at
5 o'clock this afternoon from valvular
disease of the heart. He had been in the
sanitarium for some time. His condition
had improved some of late, and his •eatn,
which was rather sudden, was not ex
pected. Judge McKinstry was dressed
and moving about the room when he was
attacked by a sinking spell and lay down
upon a sofa. A physician was summoned,
but death occurred before he arrived.
None of the family were present at his
death. The body will be taken to San
Francisco.
Judge Edward "Williams McKinstry came
to California in 1849 He was a member of
California's first Legislature, representing
Sacramento County In the lower house.
By the next succeeding Legislature he
was elected Adjutant General, at the age
of 24 years.
Early in ISSI Judge McKinstry opened a
law office in Napa. He was elected Dis
trict Judge in 1852 for the district comprto*
ing Napa and contiguous counties, and
was re-elected in 1858. Four years later
he resigned and in 1863 he was the Demo
cratic candidate for Lieutenant Governor,
but was defeated with his ticket.
Judge McKinstry later settled in San
Francisco, and was in 1367 elected County
Judge, being a nominee of the Democratic
party. Two years later he was electei
Judge of the Twelfth District Court as an
independent candidate over the regular
Democratic nominee. In 1873. again as an
Independent candidate, he was elected a
Justice of the State Supreme Court. Six
years later he was re-elected, and by lot
drew one of the long terms of eleven
years.
Judge McKinstry was born in Detroit,
Mich., in 1826. He was admitted to the
bar in New York in 1547. The degree of
L.D. was conferred upon him by the
University of Michigan. Judge McKin
stry was in 1900 elected president of the
Society of California Plonfers. He was
a former president of the San Francisco
branch of the Sons of the American Rev
olution.
Judge McKinstry was united in mar
riage to Miss Annie L. Hedges in Marv>
ville on July 27. 1863. He was the father
of Captain C. H. McKinstry. V. S. A..
Laura L. McKinstry, J. C. McKinstry and
Frances McKinstry.
MONET FOR IRON WORKERS— The funds
for the benefit of the iron workers who are out
on a strike were replenished yesterday by the
receipt of $1000 from Secretary Frank Morrison
of the American Federation of Labor.
! ,^^jS& Picture
.^l^fl^^^^S^^:- J Each of the newcomers is ***ffljwl
V «£«SBS*? "*- \ picture created by a true artist. \aJsvl l
fSHPv -^ Note the perfect harmony of rSfWA
\Sg£[ J coloring, the artistic arrange- tT/ZAH
jSC 1 ment of the plume or pompon. lfi//\r ¦
" fi?^^ J ' the rich effect of the velvet ff/SJ<
lr^N»-~~" folds and the perfect symmetry i/ZKIVj
f! of the brim. There is pleasure YApi
/^Xv/^*-*"^ ' ' n k*'"* beneath such hata. |Hir3
l((/>XsA\ Take a look at them. You will \U>£*f
o ***^^ find them In blue, white, black, y*^lVj
UJirn\j\ *^' V * tan. pearl and gray felts, some VIDK'
T^JfVf^-- .C plainly trimmed, others richly VVvjil
Vjfiy Men's New Headvvear. ISHi
GL*v3 . Scores of those nobby hats you admire on the D^ftaJ
TJtyJC street are "The Hawes" and we have the sole privi- IVjJc^f
Ylyi) , , lege of selling them in this city. They are $5 hats. - V>C\
KVN/ come in fifty new shapes and colors and the price yMr
/rJ7r\ But you get five dollars' worth of satisfaction. Vfrr
|Ma2y Never pay $2 50 for a hat. We have th.© newest iMJ
lvGv line of correct hats; new in shape, new in style, new V \JJ
VaXO In color— the kind everybody without exception sells
Vt3J for $3 50— and we sell them at $2.25
CnsijSv Tk c difference will buy a handsome pair _ • .
¥ v (028-1030 MARKET STREET, -;| ££.JF £
A/VS^ ALSO IN OAKLAND. jjL
elected for the first year are as follow*,
to wit *
"GROSVENOR AYRES.
"DAVID RICH,
"J. GEORGE BOYXE,
"THOS. P. WOODWARD.
"E. E. SCHMITZ.
"JOHN W. RODOERS.
"JAMES F. CHEETHAM,
"L E. SAVAGE,
"EMMET P. BARRETT,
"A. RUEF,
"I. W. LEES."
The Star, in speaking of the candidacy
of Schmitz in its issue of last evening,
says :
Eugftne E. Schmitz, the Labor candM.t
Mayor, ha» a recent political record which is
not very creJitable to him. It Is better known
than his labor record— if, indeed, he has any
labor record.
Although we have kept track of every labor
movement in San Francisco Tor quite a num
ber of years past, we never until a few montha
ago heard of Mr. tfchmitz except aa musical
director of the orchestra of ont ot our theater?.
which Doaition. by the way, he very credit
ably fills. • • •
It will not be claimed that Mr. Schmitz
Joined this Primary League for the purpose of
helping the cause of organised labor, for with
him were men who had always been opposed
to trades unions, wnile the balance, like him
self, had never been known to lift a hand to
help them. He was a member 1 f the Musi
cians' Union, it is true, but if he had not been
he could not have conducted an orchestra in »
San Kranci»co theater, as the union controls
that business. • • •
Workingmen of San Francisco, aa you would
not elect ex-Chief of Police Lees or Martin
Kelly's partner. Abe Ruef. to be Mayor of San
Francisco, neither should you elect their Man
Friday. Eugene E. Schmitz.
MURDER SUSPECT
YOUNG IS CAUGHT
Alleged Slayer of Albert
Anderson Is in
Custody.
Suecia^ Oi :natch to The Call.
MADERA. Nov. 1.-The Sheriffs office
received word 'his mornln? to arrest
Frank Young, wanted in Fresno for a
small offense. When found on the street
Young, who ju^t came from Fresno on a
bicycle, asked immediately if he was ar
rested for th* murder of Albert Ander
son in Winters. Later a message came
from the Sheriff of Solano County in
structing the local officials to hold him
on that charge.
In jail Young conversed free y about the
charge. He said he had seen a. notice of
the accusation in a paper in Fresno and
was on the way to give himself up. He
denied having had any hand in the mur
der, but said he knew who die! it and that
more than one were implicated. Ander
son, declared the suspect, was on too in
timate relations with a woman and Young
indirectly but clearly accused the wo
man's father of having killed Anderson.
He would not mention names, hut said he
would tell all on his arrival in Winters
and it would cause a great sensation.
Young said he knew nothing about the
bloody shirt that was found near the
cabin he had occupied. Anderson had
had a fight shortly befor° the murder
and may have worn one of his shirr-
Young asserted that Anderson was in the
habit of wearing his (Young's) clothing
as they were great friends. He expressed
impatience for the arrival of Sheriff Sav
age and perfect confidence in his ability
to clear himself. He claims ne can prove
an alibi by John Collins, a workir.gman
who was with him on the evening of the
murder, if Collins can be found. He be
lieves Collins is in San Francisco.
When asked why he did not give in
formation to thf officers last March
Young said he told a night officer named
Shady, who advised him to keep quiet
and they might work up something. He
says he wad driven out of Winters by the
men who killed Anderson, hecausp they
feared hia knowledge might implicate
them, and he asserts that they tried to
kill him, ton.
Young is 22 years oM. H- was horn in
Kings County and has relatives th*re and
in Madera County.
The Man Who Writes
For glory and the man who writes for par
will find our line of stationery complete
and prices low. Fountain Pens, Koh-I-
Noor Pencils. Legal Blanks. Blank Book*
Typewriters' Materials. Diaries Daily
Journals. Printing. Vigitins Cards. Invita
tions, etc. Sanborn, Vail & Co . 711 Market.*• ADVERTISEMENTS.
ABSOLUTE SECURITY"
Genuine GARTER'S LITTLE LIVER PILLS must
bear signature of /&L*~?gZ£z£
Terr aseall and as easy
to take as sugar. . . '..
SEE [CAKfE^I^S^S BEE
GENUINE f |VS» ESSES. GENUINE
mp| ILS FGR CONSTIPATION.
WRAPPFR I Ml. M " for sauow skim. WRAPPER
wnArrLn ijjbl i for the complexion w™ rr - n
». • OEMUIMU MUSTKAVesySNATUKC.
25 Cams I Purely Te^etable./^^*^^^*^
"PRINTED O2ST REID PAPER."
CABINET LOOKS
OVER THE LIST
Considers Appointments
President Will Send
to Congress.
\TiLSHTXGTOX, Nov. I.— The Cabinet
meeting to-day was devoted largely to the
consideration of the President's appoint
ments which the President will send to
Congress when it convenes next month.
The President is going carefully over
;lies« appointments with the members of
abinet. Secretary Gage reported his
action, in resuming the purchase of bonds,
wbtc i was responded to to-day with an
offer of over $900,000. JCo announcement
«ef made as to the length of time the
-.ase is to continue.
The Cabinet also discussed the abroga-
C f the so-called Browning Indian
school ruling, but no further action was
taken. Secretary Hitchcock explained the
situation, and says that if abrogation
• s to be a disadvantage to the In
dian children or detrimental to their best
ir.teri?sts he would recall it and re-estab
lish the Browning ruling, which was
made on September 30. 1896, and directed
that Indian agents first should build up
and maintain the Government day schools
faiid declared that Indian parents have no
right to designate which school their chil
dren shall attend.
In a public cape, however, according to
uling, where the agents think it ad
le to follow the wishes of the pa
e, that is left entirely to their own
A judgment.
The abrogation of the ruling already
has caused numerous Inquiries of the In
terior Department. The Bureau of Cath
olic Missions has been fighting for the
abrogation ever since the ruling was
made and last July calied attention of
epartment to its non-action and to
ract that Secretary Hitchcock, when
dflc Coast trip of the President
and Cabinet last summer, had telegraphed
Secretary Ryan to give Arch
p Riordan assurance that the ruling
rescinded and that Ryan wired
• rchblshop accordingly. Commission
er of Indian Affairs Jones has strenuously
eied the abrogation, but finally, after
-Hussion with Secretary Hitch
co-k. agreed to abrogate it tentatively.
with the distinct understanding that it
POLITICAL,
..F0E,...
MAYOR,
JOSEPH S. TOBIN,
Democratic Nominee.
FOR MAYOR,
ASA I ILLS.
REPUBLICAN NOMINEE.
• . . FOR . . .
AUDITOR
HARRY BAEHR,
Regular Republican Nominee.
VOTE FOR
JOHN FARNHAM
FOB
PUBLIC ADMINISTRATOR. .
REPUBLICAN NOMINEE.
FOR TAX COLLECTOR,
Joseph Fassler
Democratic Nominee,
-
P. vote FOR
F». BOLAND,
Democratic Nominee for \ - •*-' =»
PUBLIC ADMINISTRATOR
(IncumbeK » .. ¦
OFFICERS GAIN
HIGHER HONORS
Appointments Made in
the Army and Navy
by the President.
WASHINGTON, Nov. I.— The President
to-day made the following appointments:
War— Charles F. Humphrey, assistant
quartermaster general, rank of colonel:
George E. Pond, deputy quartermaster
general, rank of lieutenant colonel; Isaac
W. Littell, quartermaster, rank of major;
Gonzales S. Bingham, quartermaster,
rank of major; Valery Havard. deputy
surgeon general, rank of lieutenant col
onel; Ogden Rafferty. surgeon, rank of
major; James A. Shipton. captain artil
lery corps; second lieutenants, artillery
corps— Fielding L.. Poindexter. James H.
Johnston and Charles L.. Fisher; assist
ant surgeons, rank of first lieutenant-
James Matthew Phalen. William Russell
Eastman, Edwin Willis Rich. Franklin
Metcalfe and Perry Lee Boyer.
Second lieutenant, cavalry— Robert F.
Tate, Jesse E. Stedt. Edward O. Perkins,
Robert M. Nolan, William B. Renziehau
sen, Oscar A. McGee. John A. Wagner,
Albert E. Phillips and Robert W. Rey
nolds.
Second lieutenant, infantry— Fred L.
Davisson, Robert S. Knox, Charles C.
Tarlton. Alfred J. Booth, Charles H. Mor
row, William H. Plummer, Morris M.
Keick. Herbert L. Evans. Clyde B. Par
ker. Samuel C. Orchard, John B. Shumal,
Allen L. Briggs, Robert O. Patterson,
Hunter Harris. James A. Higgins. Henry
M. Fales. Gideon H. Williams, Theodore
C. Reiser; Henry Wessell, provisional
second lieutenant in the Philippine Scouts.
Navy— Henry Glass, rear admiral: John
H. L. Combe, lieutenant commander;
lieutenants— Louis M. Nulton, Chester
Wells and Stephen V. Graham.
When the Clock Strikes Twelve
Look at it. Is it a beauty? There is no
reason why it should not be when we are
selling our superb gold finished clocks at
such low prices. Sanborn, Vail & Co., 741
Market street. *
could be re-eetablished If found to be in
the Indians' best interest and if the ac
tion ¦was In accordance with the •wishes
and directions of the Secretary.
For...
CITY ATTORNEY,
Judge lE. Barry
Replar Republican Nominee.
For Tax Collector,
Edw'd J. Smith
Republican Nominee.
Fop SHERIFF,
John Lackmann,
Regular Republican Nominee.
Fop RECORDER,
Chas. E. Corey
Republican Nominee.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 2, 1901,
BOERS WIN BIG BATTLE NEAR BETHEL,
KILLING THREE SCORE BRITISH TROOPS
Thousand Republican Troops Attack the Rear Guard of Benson's Column
During a Mist, Capture Two Guns, Kill Sixty-Three Officers and Men
and Seriously Wound One Hundred and Sixty of the Soldiers
LONDON, Nov. 2. — Lord Kitchener has reported to the War Office a disaster to the
British near Bethel, Eastern Transvaal, in which two guns were lost, several officers
killed or wounded, and -fifty-four men were killed and 160 wounded.
LONDON, Nov. 2.— Following
is the text of Lord Kitchener's
dispatch, dated Pretoria. Nov.
i: "I have just heard of a se
vere attack made on the rear guard of
Colonel Benson's column, when about
twenty miles northwest of Bethel, near
Broken Laagte, during a thick mist.
"The strength of the enemy is re
ported to have been a thousand. They
rushed two guns with the rear guard,
but it is uncertain whether they were
able to remove them.
"I fear our casualties were heavy.
Colonel Benson was wounded, but not
seriously. A relieving column will
reach him this morning."
Later Lord Kitchener telegraphed as
follows:
"Colonel Barton, who marched from
the constabulary line yesterday, reached
Benson's column early this morning
(Friday) unopposed. He reports that
Colonel Benson died from his wounds.
KILLED AND WOUNDED.
"The casualties are as follows:
"Killed: '
"COLONEL BENSON.
"COLONEL GUINNESS.
"MAJOR F. D. MURRAY.
"CAPTAIN M. W. LINDSAY.
"CAPTAIN F. T. THOROULD.
"LIEUT. E. V. I. BROOKS.
"LIEUT. R. E. SHEPHERD.
"SECOND LIEUT. A. J. COR
LETT.
"CAPTAIN EYRE LLOYD."
Lord Kitchener then gives the names
DEFEAT DEATH
IN THEIR RACE
Eight Children Are Taken
From Colorado to
Chicago.
CHICAGO. Nov. I.— Eight children, ac
companied by their parents, ended a 1500
mile race for life this evening at the Chi
cago Pasteur Institute. Another child
will arrive to-morrow.
The youngsters, ranging in- age from
four to nine years, came from Colorado
Springs, Colo., where they were bitten
last Sunday by a dog afflicted with rab
ies. Fearirvg hydrophobia, their parents
began the long journey to have their chil
dren treated.
The victims were met at the institute
by Dr. A. I^ogorie, who administered the
first injection of serum. To insure suc
cess Dr. Logorie prefers to administer the
first treatment within five days of the
time the bite was inflicted. If the chil
dren had not arrived to-day, he says, rab
ies probably would have developed and
death might have resulted.
Dr. Log-orle said to-night that the chil
dren would recover. His patients are:
Charles Gregory, Catherine Lamb, Nellie.
Chester and Margaret McAullffe; Hazel
and Agnes Vanderventer, and Hazel
Meech. The victims are the chuuren of
mechanics employed in Colorado Springs.
The animal which caused the trouble was
a little black and tan dog owned by Mrs.
McAuliffe.
Stanford Memorial Choir.
STANFORD "UNIVERSITY, Nov. I.—
Arthur L. Scott-Brook has been appoint
ed organist in the Stanford Memorial
Church by Mrs. Stanford. The appoint
ment was made yesterday and Organist
Brook will enter on his duties at once.
Mr. Brook will organize and train a large
choir besides performing his duties as or
ganist. With this idea in view he has
begun to interest vocal talent at the uni
versity in the movement and expects to
have a thoroughly trained choir by MaVch
9, in accordance with Mrs. Stanford's
wishes, in .order that it may take a lead
ing part in the services at the dedication
of the Memorial Church on that date.
After the formal dedication on March 9,
religious services will be held every after
noon, the hour varying according to the
season of the year.
Marietta Ordered to Colon.
.¦WASHINGTON, Nov. I.— The Navy De
partment has ordered the gunboat Mari
etta, at Portsmouth, N. H., to Colon to
relieve the gunboat Machlas, which has
been watching over affairs at that point
for some months past.
*¦* . '. \^+ »^ >^- ' ' i*
* * \ B By Jqt ~ ' / *! *
I Where it Belongs
i * ¦¦ . ¦ ¦¦ ¦ ' - '¦ ¦ . • »
4*4 * The refinement of quality and ¦*.*
l' the perfect development of '¦*¦,*
. » America's best whiskey — *±\
<l> .•-•'•- '*'»-
v ??
: ¦ ''-. "'4 »
<? \4»
*¦ . ¦ ' e 4 *
I Hunter |
*, - .'" „• . : .... "/?
Baltimore Rye
I* ¦ ¦ i^i-^'y ¦' -¦"¦¦• • T
%[ places it where it Justly belongs, viz.: *:*
«|. in the cellars and buffets of those who . ?
J. ;.-..:'. ......-•.;.;..._; -. |
f KNOW THE BEST '?
'&¦ ;•>: LIKE THE BEST X
f BUY THE BEST t
X CHTtISTY * WISE COMMISSION CO., Ino, A
£ - 223-225CailrorniftSt..SanFrancl300,Cal. 3L
t Telephone Mala 878. T
•jt * a^**^***^ 1-*-—1 -*-— . ~ . . ¦ ¦ -  . . . .-,¦¦_•."¦ ?£* '
of thirteen other officers who were
wounded, most of them seriously, and
then announces that fifty-four non
commissioned officers and men were
killed and 160 wounded, adding that
four of the latter have since died of their
wounds. The dispatch then says:
"I assume that the two guns have
been recovered and the enemy has
withdrawn, but I have no further de
tail.
"I deeply regret the loss of Colonel
Benson and the other officers and men
who fell with him. In Benson the ser
vice loses a most gallant and capable
officer, who invariably led his column
with marked success and judgment.
FIGHT AT CLOSE QUARTERS.
"The fighting was at close quarters
and maintained with determination by
both sides. The enemy suffered heav
ily, but I have not yet received a re
liable estimate.
"The Boers retired east"
Colonel Benson had been for some
time operating in the vicinity of
Bethel, which is northeast of Stan
derton. He surprised a Boer laa
ger October 22, near Trichards
fontein, taking thirty-seven prison
ers. Three days later, according to
Lord Kitchener's report at the time,
after a long night march, the com
mandos under Grobelaar and Erasmus
heavily attacked Benson's rear guard
flanks at Yzirvarkfontein, but were eas
ily driven away."
Whether this was the attack which re
HAIGHT PROUD
OF HIS MUSCLE
Clubman Makes Dumb
bells Out of Wife
and Friends.
Because Harry H. Haight. a prominent
young clubman, possesses muscles of Iron
and has a desire to display his strength
upon the least provocation. He ex
ercised his mighty sinews by mak
ing human dumbbells of his wife and
her lady friends and, though the exercise
may have afforded him a great deal of
amusement, Mrs. Haight got nothing out
of it but bruises and broken bones. She
sued him for divorce on the ground of
cruelty and yesterday Judge Kerrigan
granted her a decree. In addition to los
ing his wife, Haight must pay her $75 a
month for twp ¦ years, dating from Sep
tember 1 of this year. Mrs. Haight also
gets the household goods in the residence
at 2000 Steiner street, while the muscular
clubman retains possession of the furni
ture and household goods in the residence
at 1921 Broadway.
The Halghts did not appear In court
yesterday. The decree was granted by
Judge Kerrigan after reading about twen
ty pages of evidence taken by Court Com
missioner Thomas Mulvey, who was or
dered by the court to take the testimony
of Mrs. Haight and her friends.
In Mrs. Haight's deposition she states
that she was married to Harry Haight
at Oakland in November, 1893. She said
her husband always used intoxicating li
quors, but that after the marriage he
seemed to indulge in them to a greater
extent. She also said her husband was
very proud of his strength, and that when
he had indulged to any extent he showed
an anxiety to display his powers as a
man of brawn.
On New Year's eve, 1895, Mrs. Haight
testified, her husband came to their home
in Oakland under the influence of liquor.
He had telephoned from this city that he
was doing the "cocktail route" with tho
boys and that he would not be home, but
evidently changed his mind, as he ar
rived at his home about 1 a. m. Mrs.
Haight says she remonstrated with him
for appearing in such a condition, where
upon he "picked her up and threw her a
distance of ten feet against the side of
the house. The injuries she received
through this treatment, Mrs. Haight
stated, made her lame and sore for a
number of days.
Haighfs most wonderful feat, however,
in tossing human beings' about occurred
at a restaurant in this city on the night
of April 6, 1901.
From Mrs. Haight's deposition it la
learned that on this occasion she and her
husband were invited to join Harry Vee
der, B. G. Somers, Miss Dora Benson and
a Mrs. Gibbon at a dinner at the restau
rant. On the afternoon of the 6th Mrs.
Haight telephoned to her husband that
Mr. Veeder had asked her to come to the
restaurant a little early, in order that she
might oversee the decorating of the room
in which the party was to dine. Haight
gave his permission, according to Mrs.
Haight, and informed her that he would
bring Miss Benson.
When the time for the arrival of Miss
Benson and Haight came and the couple
had not put in an appearnce Mrs. Haight
grew anxious and telephoned to Miss
Benson's home. She was informed that
Miss Benson had left the house an hour
before. A half-hour later, as the young
lady had not arrived, Mrs. Haight tele
phoned again and was surprised to hear
that Miss Benson had returned home and
had retired. Explanations followed and
Miss Benson confessed that she was dis
gusted with Haight'g conduct, he having
telephoned her that he would meet her In
five minutes. A coupe was sent for Miss
Benson and the party prepared to enjoy
their dinner. Haight came in with the
second course, deposes Mrs. Haight,
very much under the influence of liquor
and very angry. He Inquired for Miss
Benson, and on being told that her where
abouts was not known commenced his
muscular stunts. He first seized Mrs.
Gibbon and thtew her into the air and
then held* her out at arm's length. Mrs.
R.\ight remonstrated, she claims, and
found herself in a heap in a corner of tho
room. Her husband helped her to her
feet, and in doing so grasped her hands so
brutally that he broke one finger and dis
located two others of her left hand.
Haight then threw a plate of mayonaise
dressing at his wife and finished his ex
hibition by breaking champagne bottles
and throwing all the glasses in the room
against the walls. The fact that "music
hath charms to soothe the savage breast"
saved ttie rest of the furniture and Mrs
Haigbfs bones. An orchestra in the hall
started and the muscular clubman was
attracted to the spot, and in his absence
the party left the building.
HaJsrht evidently went directly home to
1921 Broadway, for when his wife reachel
the house they found him in bed. Somers
was compelled to enter the house through
a second-story window, deposes Mrs.
Haight, as every door was locked and sho
could not get in until Somers had opened
the door.
In the decree nf divorce granted by
Judge Kerrigan an agreement signed by
Haight and his wife was incorporated
whereby it was stipulated that the costs
of suit incurred should be paid by both
parties.
suited so disastrously, or whether the
Boers who had been repulsed took ad
vantage of the mist to reattack. is un
explained. Lord Kitchener does not
give the date of the Bethel engagement.
SMALL BRITISH STTCCESS.
Colonel Kekewich Captures Seventy-
Bight Boers.
LONDON, Nov. 1. — A dispatch from
Lord Kitchener, dated Pretoria, received
here to-day, says Colonel Kekewich, dur
ing a night surprise of Van Albert's
laager, northeast of Rustenberg, about
sixty miles west of Pretoria, captured
seventy-eight Boers.
A dispatch to the News Agency from
Portsmouth says a mad Dutchman has
been arrested for trying to enter Ports
mouth Yard, saying he had come from
Canada to Induce the King to stop the
war in South Africa.
AMSTERDAM, Nov. I.— The Boer dep
utation here summoned Leyds and Van
Boescholen by telegraph yesterday from
Brussels to consider dispatches received
from the Boer leaders in the field, saying
that the fighting burghers were deter
mined to match reprisals if the British
continue hanging and shootin? rebels and
others, to the effect that the Boer au
thorities in South Africa affirm that the
adoption of reprisals would be bad policy,
and that, in order to strengthen their po
sition, they require Mr. Kruger to let
them know his position, as he still has the
greatest hold on the minds of the burgh
ers. The meeting lasted four hours, and
it was decided to advise Mr. Kruger to
comply with the request of the Boer au
thorities and to take the opportunity to
bring the subject of British executions in
South Africa before the European public
in an open letter.
Dr. Leyds has gone to Heilversum to
present the matter to Mr. Kruger.
» .?¦¦»» t»»t»»»«»»«.».... . . . . _
DEATH SUMMONS
JOSEPH L. MAUDE
Promoter of Good Roads
Movement Passes
Away.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PASADENA, Nov. 1.-^J. L. Maude, the
well-known worker for good roads who
was appointed State Highway Commis
sioner by Governor Budd and reappointed
by Governor Gage, died here to-day of
tuberculosis of the stomach as the result
of contracting a cold while surveying in
the Yosemite.
Joseph Lees Maude was born in St
Louis on May 10, 1864. He was educated
in the schools of that city and in the
military academy in Chester, Pennsyl
vania. With his widowed mother and an
aunt he came to California in 1886 and
lived for four years in San Diego County.
He was a civil engineer and was always
interested in the promotion of good roads
projects. Governor Budd appointed him
State Highway Commissioner and on his
reappointment by Governor Gage he
served till last March. He traveled over
the State, working up sentiment in favor
of better roads.
™!n! n £ ebruar y. 1900, Mr. Maude married
Miss Dora Bates of Sacramento, who sur
vives him.
Reception to Mrs. Stanford.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Nov. 1-
The Stanford faculty has arranged to etve
an elaborate reception in Enclna Hall to
the sole surviving founder of the univer
sity, Mrs. Jane Stanford, to-morrow after
noon between 2 and 5 o'clock.
President Hill Roosevelt's Guest
WASHINGTON, Nov. I.— Secretary Hay
and President James J. Hill of the Great
Northern dined with President Roosevelt
to-night and remained with him until
after 11 o'clock.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
PLAIN TALK
To Catarrh Sufferers.
Every person suffering from catarrh in
its many forms knows that the common
lotions, salves and douches do not cure. It
is needless to argue this point or to cite
cases of failure, because every victim of
catarrhal trouble knows it for himself If
he has tried them.
A local application, If it does anything
at all, simply gives temporary relief- a
wash, lotion, salve or powder cannot
reach the seat of the disease, which is
the blood.
The mucous membrane seeks to relieve
the blood of catarrhal poison by secreting
large quantities of mucus, the discharge
sometimes closing up the nostrils, de-
scending to the throat and larynx, caus-
ing an irritating cough, continual clearing
of the throat, deafness, indigestion and
many other disagreeable and persistent
symptoms.
A remedy to reaJly euro catarrh must
be an internal treatment; a remedy which
will gradually cleanse the system fi\>m
catarrhal poison and remove the fever and
congestion always present in the mucous
membrane.
The best remedies for this purpoc* are
Eucalyptol Sangulnaria and Hydrastin,
but the difficulty has always been to get
these valuable curatives combined in one
palatable, convenient and efficient form
Recently this has been accomplished
and the preparation put on the market
under the name of Stuart's Catarrh Tab-
lets; they are large, pleasant tasting
lozengts, so that they may be slowly dis-
solved In the mouth, thus reaching every
part of the mucous membrane and finally
the stomach and intestines.
An advantage to be considered also is
that Stuart's Catarrh Tablets contain no
cocoaine, morphine or poisonous narcotics
so often found in catarrh powders, and
the use of which often entailo a habit
more dangerous than the disease.
Stuart's Catarrh Tablets are sold by
druggists at 50 cents for full-sized pack-
age and are probably the safest and most
effectual catarrh cure on the market.
GOIfORRHOSA AND URINARY DIBCHARQS3
A CURE IN 48 HOURS.
¦>v^;->- . " ADVESTISEMENTS. X- . - • .
jgg|ifej3 THE GENUINE 3
Bfifi DAI/FDC
m jf§ DAlyLiw
ijj COCOA
CHOCOLATE
Walter Baker dc Co., Ltd.
; x ESTABLISHED 1780. DORCHESTER. MASS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
LOOK BEFORE YOU LEAP.
Look at the quality of work and the fin-
ish we put on the bundles we send home,
then judge for yourself whether it's not
to your interest to postpone sending your
laundry elsewhere till we show you what
we'll do for you.
No saw edges.
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
Office 1004 Market Street
Telephone— South 420,
Oakland Off Ice— s4 San Pablo Aye.
•Jj^v DR. MEYERS & CO.
/^tS?T\ SPECIALISTS FOR MEN. "
/fy «?»BJ \ Established ISSI. Con-
§Dß. MEYERS CO.
SPECIALISTS FOR MEN.
Established ISSI. Con-
sultation and private book
I v*» '^•tfiL'*] free at office or by mall.
A ISKsST / Cures guaranteed.
\^^^*/ 731 MARKET ST.
SAN FRANCISCO. CAk
*c -X-- , RAILWAY TBAVEL.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTER! EL ft
LESS3I
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburan Ferry. Feet ef Ie%IA
San Francisco to San Rafael.
"WEEK DATS— 7:3O, 9:00, 11:00 a. m. ; 13:35,
8:30, 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra, trips at 1:60
and 11:30 p. m. .
SUNDAYS— 9:30, 11:00 a. m.: 1:10. l:J0.
5:00. 6:20 p. m. .
San Rafael to San Francisco.
WEEK DATS— 6:IO, 7:50. 9:20. 11:10 a. m.; 12:43,
3:40, 5:15 p. m. Saturdays— trips at 1:53
and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 9:40, 11:10 a. m.; 1:40. 3:40,
5:05. 6:25 p. m.
Leave I In Effect 1 Arrive
San Francisco. ] April 28. 1301. | San Francisco.
Week I . Sun- I I Sun- I Week
Days. ] days. [ Destination, | days. | Days.
7:30 am 8:00 am . Nova to, 10:40 am 5:40 am
3:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma, 6:05 10:25 am
5:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:25 pm 6:20 pm
1 Pulton,
7:30 an? . ' Windsor, 10:25 am
> 5:00 pm Heaidsburg, 10:40 am
Lytton,
Geyserville, . tj
3:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 am 5:00 pm Hopland 10:40 am 10:25 am
3:30 pm 8:00 am and Ukiah. 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 am - 10:40 am 10:25 am
8:00 am Guerneville. .7:35 pm ¦
3:30 pm 5:00 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma 9:15 am 8:40 am
and . • ¦
5:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. 6:05 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 ami 8:00 ami ' 110:40 am! 10:25 am
3:30 pm| 5:00 pm| Sebastopol. I 7:35 pm| 6:20 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Fulton
for Altruria; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at
Geyserville for Skaggs Springs; at Cloverdale
.for the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan
Springs. Highland Springs, Kelseyville, Carls-
bad ' Springs, Soda Bay, Lakeport and Bartlett '
Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga
Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Springs, Upper Lake, Porno, Potter Valley
John Day's, Riverside, Llerley's, Bucknell's,
Sanhedrin Heights, HullvUle, Oil's Hot
Springs, Mendoclno City, Fort Bragg. - West-
port, - Usal, Willits, Laytonville, • Cummins,
Bell's Springs, Harris, . Olsen's, Dyer. Scotia.
and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates. ' • .
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points
beyond Slan Rafael at half rates. ¦
Ticket office, 650 ' Market street, j ChronlcU
building. .
H. C. WHITING, R. X. RYAN,
. ¦ Gen. Manager. , Gen. Pass. Agt.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausollta Ferry.
Commencing September '-in, 1901.
FROM SAN FRA-N CISCO TO MILL VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 6:SS, 8:30, »9:30, 11:00 a. m..
•1:45 3:15, 4:13. 5:15, •8:15, 6:45 p. m.
EOCTRA TRIPS— For Mill < Valley and San
Rafael on Mondays, Wednesdays and Satur-
days at 9:30 and 11:40 p. m. ,
SUNDAYS— »10:00, ni:3o a. m., «l:li,
3:15, *4:45. 6:30, 9:30 p. m. *• > ,- ¦ . •
.Trains marked (•) run to San Quentln
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DAYS— »S:2S. 6:27.- 7:45, 8:35. 10-15
a. m., *12:25, 2:15, *3:35. '4:40. 5:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:45 and 9:55 p. m. . -
, SUNDAYS— 6:I3, *8:00. •10:00, »11:45 a. m.
•1:40. *2:15. 4:45, »«:30 p. m. - *
Trains marked (•) start from San Quentin !
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DAYS— 6:45, 7:55, 8:55, 10:30 a. mV
12:35, 2:43. 3*o. 5:10 p. m.
EXTRA " TRIPS on - Mondays, Wednesdays
and ¦ Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:35 p m •
SUNDAYS— 10:05 a. m., 13:05. 2:15 3:30
5:00. C:43 p. m. •
THROUGH TRAINS.
6:55 a. m. week, days— Cazadero and way sta-
tions. .--.*¦ .¦ ¦ • . . .
1:45. p. m. Saturdays— Duncan Mills and way
stations. •
8:00 a. m. Sundays— Duncan Mills, and way
stations. ¦ . ¦ . .-.;: •
Legal Holidays boats and trains will rua" on
i Sunday, time. ..,..:•.-.-
BAH/WAY TRAVEL.
SOUTHERN PACIFia
Trains lmi« Mud »r« «!«• »•» nrrti* a*
MAM Kit 4*« l»« «».
¦- ¦ (Main Lin«. Foot of Market Street )
tun — 1 BOM Octobeji 8, 1901. — uuura
7:«0 a Benidm, Suiaaa, Elm in and Sacra-
mento •:*•"*»
7:OOa VaoTille, Winters, Rumiey 7:A3r
"i ;S» a Marlines, 3*ult*iuou, VaUejo. Sap*,
Cailstoga aud bunt* Iti>ea. C:X3p
SiOU a Davis, Woodland. Knig&ta Landing,
MaijrsTilla, Oro»lllo_ 7:85p
SiOO* Atlantic Kxpress-Ogden and East 12:23p
*:U« a Mies, Lathrop, Stockton 7:2.1*
•i»«a Mendota, fHanford. Visalla,
rorterrtUa «:53»
¦>8»A Sliaasa Express— Daris, William*,
Bartlett Springs}. Willows. Reid
Bluff, Portland. 7<33»
¦iSOa Han Joae, Livermore, Stock to i,
lone, Sacramento, Placxniile, .
M*rys»illr, Chico, lie.l Hlnff «.«-1r
- SiSOa Oakdale, Chinese, Carters... 4<&t
0:SOa Unrwwd, Miles aud Way Stations .. 1 1 -VV\
•:«•? Vallejo la:2i»
•s»«A Los Angeles Express — Martinez,
Tntcy. Lathrop. dtockkon, Merctd
' Fresno and Los Angeles 7:SSy
•:S«A Vallrjo, Starttnes and Way Stations 7:-19r
lOittOA The Orstland Limited— OEdeu, Pea-
T«r, Omaha, Chicago ' •:»»»
Sacramento '.earners t •"»•»<» 4
*:3Op Hay ward. Nil-* and Way Htatioui;.. 7Wf
4tu«r li-Dida. Winters, Maorainenlo, .
Wooiliand. KulshU LaudlnK,
M ir»«ville. Ofofllls - ••:5»4
4i*«P Murtlner., Sail lUmoti, Vallej >,
N»li». OnlliitOßn. Santa Iton M>»3a
4:©«r Nllew, LlTermore. Stockton. Loili... 13:«3r
«iii»»ir HarwAid.Nlles,Mau.lajie. LlTermore tH:."»5*
4t3«r fort Costa. Tracy. Lathrop, Stockton 1«:4»A
: l;Nrlli<i Ovl Limited— Prosuo. Tuiare.
Bftkersßel.l. Mangus for -Santo, U»r.
bar*. Los Anlnies ............... 9:394
¦ •:oOf Martinez. Antioch. Stockton, Mer-
ed, Fresno ISiM*
• :3Op New , Orleans Expreie— Mom'.ota,
Premo, Balcentleid. Los Acceltf,
Demise, El Paso, New Orleajia '
and East : 7iH3*
•••P Harvard. Miles and San Jose 7.53 »
<«:o<tr Vallejo 1 1 »»3* j
tfiOor Oriental . Mall— Ogden. Cheyenne. -•**•:•.*
Omaha. Chicago 12:23r
• iOOp Oriental Mail— Ogden. Denrer.
St. Louis. Ch10ag0....... «:33»
7iOOp Oregon aud California ICxtiruM.Nno.
. ¦ nuneiitii, Marysiille, JtHililliig,
Pbrklnixl. I'nget So.v.d ami Kant •:»»*
>i«3pBaa Pablo. Port Costa. Mart!n«a
and Way Stations 11>23a
t«iO3p Vallw).. 7i33p
COAST LINE i Narrow «a» S *).
-. ' ¦ (Foot of Murltet Street.)
•il3a Newark.OeuteMllle,San .lose, V niton,
BonlderCreek.SautaOrniand Wny
Stations 8«3O»
tStlSp Newark, Centervllle, dan Jus«, New »«
Alniatleu, Falton. Roulder t'rtse*.
(tanta Cru and l'lincliial Wvf
Stations !•!)»•*
4ilSp Newark, Han Josa, Los Oatos t9;-V»*
«9.30p Hunters' Train— baa Jose and Way
, Stations 1 7.a»»
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
ma SIS mXCiSCO— fool of Muktt Street (Slip B>—
fl:18 9:0O 11:00 a. M. 1:30 3:00 B:ISr.M.
htmOilUm— .fßr»iiJ«tT.— l«:oo ;».oo t3:OJ
10.00 i.m. ia:QO 3:03 I:C3r.M. m
COAST LINE (nro*.l ««» e).
(Third and Townsend Sts.) .
~"«iIOa San Jose and Way Stations. HTTioJ
7:wOa Hat. Jose W»y SUUous l=JH»p
/7>««A New Almail-» / l:10p
• •••A Man ' Jose. Tie] Pioos. Hanka tr it;,
paotiic Unite, Salinas, San Lais
Obispo, Santa Barbara and Prin-
cipal intermediate Stations.......: 7t43p
l»>m«A San Jose and Way Stations. 4:1 Up
I liUUa Han Jose and Way .Stations Bs3OP
tSs-Op San Mateo, ttedwood.-Menlo Pirk,
Pain Alto. SanU Clara. Sail .)<«•, .
Trea Pinos, Santa Cruz. SaUnas. •
Monterey ami Paoitle Grove f 10:11 a
«tSOpBan Jose and Way Stations.....;... e:3U&
f4:l3p San Jose and Principal Way Stations 9.4*1
t9;ft«pSaa Jose, Los Gatos and Principal 1
Way Stations ;...... t*«**a
3>3Op Ban .Joan ami Principal Way Stations S:3Oa
•i(l«r Red-wood, San Jose, Gllroy. vvlras, • ¦ ¦„" -.
Santa Barbara. Los Angeles IC:«3a
ClSOp San Jose and Way Stations t»:«»*
«Ht43pBan Jose ami Way Stations •:3»»
A for Morning. ' P 'or A f turnoon.
t Sunday excepted. ? Sunday only.
» Saturday only. jjrueadAjajadJtxitiMlt^
Santa Fe Trains
Leave Market-street Ferry Depot.
Local Lim"d Ovrl'd Local
Dally »¦•..,* Daily ; Dally
Lv. San Fran 7:20 9:00 a 1 8:00 ? i 4:20 p
Ar. Stockton. 10:18 a 11:45 a 11:10 p 7:18 p
" Merced... 12:22 p 1:17 p 1:13 i 9:11 p
" Fresno.... l 2:05 p 2:35 p 3:06 a. 10:30 a '
" Hanfortl.. "3:12 p 3:27 p 7:06 '.
" Visaiia.... 3:40 p 4:48 i
" Bakrsftld. i:l5 p 5:20 p 7:30 »
" Kan. City 2:40 a I 7:30 a
" Chicago... l I 2:15 3:00 p ........
a for morning, p fur afternoon.
*9 a. m. train is the California Limited,
leaving Monday and Thursday only, car-
rying Palace Sleeping Cars anil Dining
Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car runs
to Bakersfield for accommodation of local
nrst-class passengers. No second-class tick-
ets are honored on this train. Correspond-
ing train arrives at 5:33 p. m. Tuesday and
Friday.
4:20 p. m. Is Stockton. Merced and Fresno
local. Corresponding train arrives at '12:30
p. m. dally. %
8:00 p. m. is the Overland Express with
through Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
Free Reclining Chair Cars to Chicago; also
Palace Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno.
Corresponding train arrives at 5:55 -p. m.
dally.
7:20 a- m. Is Bakersfield Local, stopping
at all points in San Joaquin Valley. Corre- '
sponding train arrives at 8:40 a. m. daily. ~
Offices 64l Market street and in' Ferry
Depot, San Francisco; 1112 Broadway. Oak-
land. •. * ' ' ' - :
nOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
Leave Via Sausalito Ferry | Arrive
San Fran. Foot of Market St. | San Fran.
9-30 a. 8:00 a. p^- ami^ , ww « T»i»- ( » '• %*> *.
1:15 p. ".^^ r " |s:f>sp.
Far*. ixtlnidira to Summit «n<l R«hirn. 11.00.
Eokat Ofiov <£I M AjULET STBUT «n«l &ICSAL2TO FEUET.
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
620 KEAB.IY ST. Established
hi 1954 for the :rpatmeiv. of Pi Nats
Diw-ases, Lout Manhood. I)ehil!t.v or -
.!Lspa»» wearingon body ami min»l and
Skin Diseases. Tlie Doctor cures when,
others fait. Try him. Charges low.
«'nre»(«araotfew. Call or writ*
l>r. J. I". «imM». »*u rraachso, Cat* _. .
' ti inm^ihti Miiiii«iiiiafrsssiiirmiM"*i<inrtTiirwiiirTT^
56
SATURDAY .NOVEMBER 2, 1901
JOHN D.^SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address Ail Ctmmißic&tiont tj IF. 8. LEASE, Xaaigtr.
MANAGER'S OFFICE Telephone Press 204
rCIiLICATIOX OFFICE. . .Market and Third, S. F.
' • •' - - Telephone Press 201.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenaoa St.
¦': Telephone Press 202. . 
. Delivered br Carrier*. 15 Cent* Per 'Week.
Single Copies, B Cents.
Term* by Hail. Including: Post a ret
DAILY CALL <lnc!u(sinr Sunday). ens year................t1.W
DAILY CALL (Including Burday), « months I.M
DAILY CALL (including gucdaj). > J-cntha 1.50
DAILY CALL— By Sing I.*1 .* Month BSo
6T33CDAT CALU On* Tear.... ...... ....^.............^..... I.M
WEEKLY CAXJ* On* Tear ........................ M . I.M
All bop master* are anthortted to reeelT*
£ . subscriptions. -
BanpU copies will be forwarded when requested. ¦
sfall subscriber* In ordering chane* of »a<Jres« sb<to}4 b«
¦articular to sir* both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS In order
so tcaui* m. prompt and correct compliance with their request. •
OAKLAND OFFICE. 1118 Broadway
C GEORGE KROGXESS.
tstgtr Foreign Adrtrtisin?, Mar*. tette Bulling, Chicago.
'; CLocg DlaUcce Telephone ".Central MIS.")
. NEW TORE CORRESPONDENT:
C. C CARLTOS Herald Square
NEW TORK REPRESENTATIVE*
ITEPHES B. SMITH 30 Tribune Building
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Ebertnaa. House: P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel:
Fremont House; Auditorium Hctel.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery, corner of Clay, open
until 1:90 o'clock. »00 Hayes, open until 8:80 o'clock. 631
McAllister, open until 9:30 o'clock. CIS La r kin, open until
t:K o'clock. IMI Mission, cpen until 10 o'clock. 2561 Market.
•orner Sixteenth, open until » o'clock. JOS6 Valencia, open
•ntu > o'clock. 19« Sleventh. open until 9 o'clock. NW.
comer Twenty-second and Kentucky, open until I o'clock.
1200 FiUnaore. open unt!i 9 p. m. . . ." . .
AMUSEMENTS.
Tivol!— "Carmen."
Central— "The Great .Northwest."
Grand Opera-house — "My Friend From India." '
Grand Opera-house — Grand opera, commencing: November 11.
Alcazar— "Tennessee's Partner."
Columbia— "The Henrietta."
, . Vaudeville. #
— "Sporting Life,"
Chntes, Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
evening.
Fischer's— Vaudeville.
Recreation Park— Baseball.
Oakland Racetrack — Races to-day.
Sutro Bath*— Open nichts.
AUCTION ALFA
- By Win. G. La>ng — Monday, November i, at 7:45 p. m.,
Thoroughbred Yearlings, at 721 Howard street- . .
YAQUI AMBITION.
THE renewal of war against Mexico by the In
dians of the Yatjui Valley is unexpected and
found the Government unprepared. The Fed
crai troops had withdrawn from Sonora and the
Yaqui war was supposed to be over. Only the prompt
arance and brave conduct of Colonel Quintiro
and his small force of local troops saved Guaymas
from capture in the first action of the renewed war.
The Yaquis number many thousands. They have
never surrendered their rich valley to Mexico, and
are now resisting the desire of the Government to
remote them to the southern part of the republic and
take possession of their country. They are not a
savage people, but have issued from primitive con
ditions and are an industrial community, with intense
tribai patriotism and capable of great courage and
strategy in war.
Before renewing the military struggle they organ
ized a junta and issued a proclamation, which is an
interesting thing in its way. It declares that "the
tendency of civilization is to make nations
of continents, since it is as easy to govern a continent
in these days as a county one hundred years ago.
Hence it is unjust that the people of North America
should support three Governments when one is suffi
cient. Two of the three Governments of North
America exist under false pretenses. Their consti
tutions, modeled after that of the United States, are
mockeries used as cloaks to cover their tyranny.
They support themselves by oppressing the weak and
submissive, by destroying the brave and unyielding,
and by living on the charity of the great republic
from which they draw their revenues. It is the duty
of the United States tc see that these mendicant and
criminal Governments cease to exist, since they have
proven that they do not deserve to exist, and it is the
purpose of the Yaqui people to assist the United
States in that duty. The Yaquis seek the destruction
of the Mexican Government not only to avenge the
expulsion of the Yaqui women and to prevent the
extermination of the Yaqui race, but for the benefit
of the entire continent."
After setting forth their purpose to annex Mexico
to the United State?, this remarkable document takes
a political turn of another character, to this effect:
"Only after the annexation of Mexico to the United
States will the control of the commerce of the silver
using populations by the silver-producing continent
be possible. Therefore the annexation of Mexico will
bring about the triumphant free coinage of silver as
well as the control of Panama by the United States,
thus placing in the hands of the North American
people the commerce of the world. In return for the
universal liberation that the Yaqui revolution inaugu
rates all the Yaquis expect is participation in the en
suing civilization, and, recognizing the permanent
independence of Sonora as useless, they have com
bined with their watch cry, 'Yaquis must survive,'
the motto, 'The continent one nation.' " This mani
festo is signed by Romualdo Tenebanto, Evaristo
Gutmasolco, Adriasola Cupo, Benito Gutierrez, Ale
jandro Piumoblanco, and, of course, by John Dwyer!
So, while the world rings with the noise of big
politics, these isolated people emerge upon the stage
. a programme to change the political map of the
hemisphere. What an opportunity it offers for fili
bustering from this country, provided the filibuster
spirit is still abroad among our people. The situation
is not unlike that presented by Texas from 1820 un
til 1836 and the battle of San Jacinto, and if there
were Houstons, Crocketts and Bowies here to take
advantage of it much history might be made in the
Yaqui Valley. The ambitious scheme will not prob
secure much sympathy in Mexico outside the
Yaqui country. The Aztec blood is diffused through
out the republic, and since the time of Juarez, who
was a pure Aztec, that people has been contented
the republic as it is. If, however, at any time
before the power of the Yaquis is broken there should
occur such internecine political complications as may
arise with the passing of the era of Diaz., and the
Aztecs and Yaquis get together, this plan, formed
by a junta of obscure Indians and John Dwyer, might
b* heard from again.
KTO"W, I/TJR,. "WELLS !
IN your speech at Teutonia Hall, Mr. Wells, on Thursday night, you said: "Now,
my friends, I don't know as there is any great question you want to hear from,
from me. All of the issues have been talked over, and while they have not been
talked over as they have been referred to in the papers, I can see nothing that re
quires any great discussion and that you care for."
Really now, Mr. Wells, do you believe that? Do you really* believe that the
people take so little interest in their local government ' that all they care is to
hear you say that you were born, that you were in business in one place thirty-five
years, that you tipple some and keep the finest liquors in your house, and that you
used to live in a big house you own up the avenue, and that some parts of the town are
not as near each other as some other parts?
When you spoke on Thursday night the people expected you to tell why you
support the Supervisor ticket that runs with you, and why you stayed on the ticket
after saying that you would get off and permanently retire from public life if Flint were
not made a Supervisor? There are other issues upon which the people want to hear you,
but those are issues you made yourself. You made them and abandoned them, and the
people want to know why. There is a suspicion that the influence that changed your
position is one that they do not wish to put in control of the city by your election. If
that influence could induce you to surrender what you highly call your "rights," the
people fear it can also induce you to surrender their rights. Do you see it, Mr. Wells?
By way of answer to this question which the people ask, in your speech on Thurs
day night you said: "I can say to you that all I have ever done for myself I have done
in this vicinity." Do you think that is an answer? Has any one said that you did not
do for yourself in that vicinity? Has any one accused you of doing something in any
other vicinity? Have you been accused of not doing anything for yourself in that vicin
ity? Why do you acid a "vicinity," as an issue to your tipple, your O. P. S.at home, your
large bouse up the avenue, and the distance of one end of the city from the other
end, as if anybody had required you to prove that the two ends of the city are 'not tCK
gether, like the nose and tail of a sleeping pussy cat?
The unanswered questions of the people still haunted you on Thursday night, and
while they were ringing in your ears you said: "I can say further to you, my friends,
there is none of you but what is just as likely, whose prospects are just as good of your
being wealthy and being Mayor of this city, as I was when I was of your age."
Why do you make such an assault on the English language and call it an answer?
Why stir up such a riot and knockdown between the innocent parts of speech, and set
the hand of adverb against adverb, and put nouns and pronouns, heretofore of good
reputation, in places where they don't belong, and call it an answer?
How do you know but you were speaking to some man who wants to be Mayor?
Why cut down the verdure of his ambition with a killing frost by telling him his chance
is as good as yours, when yours is not good at all?
In a second speech the same evening the unanswered interrogation point hung
over your head and you said, "My friends, I don't think I should talk any longer this
evening." Really, Mr. Wells, you might have taken five minutes in which to answer
about the Supervisors and Flint. You might have told what wonder-worker it was who
took the Supervisor ticket when its sins were as scarlet in your eyes and washed it
whiter than snow.
Before your stump campaign ends won't you speak .in some "vicinity" where
you didn't do business, and where you don't own a large house up the avenue, and that
is not far from the other end of the city, where all these issues of time, space and local
ity will be out of mind, and then answer the questions the people ask and tell them what
they want to hear?
THE SCHMITZ VOTE.
POLITICIANS are figuring anxiously as to
whether the Schmitz vote on election day will
draw more largely from the Republican or
from the Democratic party. At the beginning of the
campaign it was conceded on all sides that the votes
of union workingmen would be divided, that Schmitz
would receive a portion and that Wells and Tobin
would each receive a part. The Schmitz managers
now claim that their strength has increased among
the unionist, vote, but they are not able to point to
any recruits from outside of the union ranks.
When Schmitz began his canvass his forces were
divided about equally between Democrats and Re
publicans. The Tobin managers have made a deter
mined and aggressive fight in the Schmitz districts to
bring the Democratic forces of Schmitz back to their
party standard and have met with very considerable
success. On the contrary, the Republican managers,
through incompetent leadership and other causes,
made absolutely no effort to win back those Repub
licans who had joined the Schmitz party. The result
is that at this time the Schmitz forces are at least
two-thirds Republican. This being the case, if any
considerable number of Republicans should vote for
Tobin there cannot be the faintest doubt that he will
have an overwhelming majority on election day.
Whatever else be doubtful as to the outlook, it
must be conceded that Tobin and Wetls are not run
ning neck and neck. -Either one is' bound to get the
wavering vote that is opposed to Schmitz. Which
ever one of the two receives this wavering vote is
bound to lead the other by a very large majority.
Tobin has made the most aggressive fight. He has
addressed six times as many meetings as Wells and
has been most enthusiastically received at all of them.
He has conducted an active personal canvass in the
daytime for the last three weeks, meeting personally
at least two thousand people each day, and addressing
more than that number every night. Wells, on the
contrary, began his canvass in the districts just one
week ago. He has addressed but one-sixth of the
number of public meetings that Tobin has, and they
have not been as well attended. He has made no
personal canvass of voters in the daytime. The re
sult is that the wavering voters arc beginning to see
that Tobin is largely in the lead over Wells, and for
that reason alone in their anxiety to beat Schmitz
they are flocking to Tobin's standard.
Our Eastern friends are now excited over the an
nouncement from London that there will soon visit
New York a "mysterious oriental Prince," whose
proper title and dwelling-place are unknown, but
who has money to burn and style enough to make the
burning glow like a bonfire. He entered London un
announced, engaged twenty-three rooms in one of
the finest hotels in the city, brought with him a splen
did retinue, including musicians and dancing girls,
lived in ostentatious seclusion, and departed as he
came, leaving nothing behind him except a report
that he is headed for America.
One of the features of the municipal campaign
in New York is the publication of a circular letter is
sued to the Tammany office-holders asking for con
tributions to the campaign fund and saying: "We as
sure you that every dollar that comes into our hands
will be honestly and economically expended. Checks
can be made payable to Richard Croker, chairman of
the finance committee." The honesty and economy
with which Croker handles money is well understood.
It was by the practice of such virtues that he became
so rich he can keep a racing stable in England and
his son can pay $1000 for a bull pup.
From the vehemence with which both Turkey and
Bulgaria deny any responsibility for the kidnaping
of Miss Stone it seems there must be a very exten
sive bit of neutral territory between the two countries
in that particular neck of the woods.
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER. 2, 1901.
IF SCHMITZ SHOULD BE ELECTED
MAYOR.
SUPPOSE that by a temporary loss of reason the
good people of this city should elect Schmitz
Mayor, who would be appointed Chief of Po
lice? Who would be appointed Police Commission
ers? Would these officials be appointed from his own
camp exclusively, just as the Labor Union ticket is
composed of labor union men exclusively. 1 * It is rea
sonable to suppose that such would be his policy.
What, then, if Michael Casey, the walking delegate of
the Teamsters' Union, should be appointed Chief of
Police, and Andrew Furuseth and his associates to
the Police Commission? Do our law-abiding citizens
contemplate this possibility with equanimity?
DR. ERNEST HASSE, a German economist,
noted for his study of cities, has, for the pur
pose of establishing the true limits of urban
populations, laid down a rule which will doubtless be
generally adopted by economic writers. He notes
that it is useless to rely upon corporation lines as the
boundaries of cities when their populations are under
consideration, for in many communities the popula
tion has spread out beyond those lines, and the
dwellers in the outlying districts are really living'un
der urban conditions as much as those within the city
limits.
. For the purpose of establishing a genuine division
between the urban and the non-urban residents of a
given community Dr. Hasse begins with the center
of population and around that area draws concentric
circles of varying diameters. He continues to in
scribe one area after another in these rings until he
reaches a ring in which the average density of popu
lation falls to the ievel of that of the province in
which the city is situated. The application of his
method to the city of Vienna is given as an illustra
tion of its working. Around the center of that city
the doctor inscribed a circle one kilometer in diame
ter; then another circle a kilometer distant from the
first, and so on until within the fifteenth kilometric
ring he found a population whose density was only
fifty-nine persons to the square kilometer. That den
sity is about the same as that of the whole province
of Lower Austria in which Vienna is situated, and
according to the Hasse rule all persons living within
the first fourteen circles are urban, while those in the
fifteenth and beyond it are rural.
Should that rule be applied here San Francisco's
population would include all of Oakland and
Berkeley and Alameda. We are thus entitled to a
much larger metropolitan rank than we now hold.
Many other cities in the United States are similarly
situated, for it is not always that corporation lines
include all the urban population of the community.
After an inspection of 33,000 designs the Australian
Government has selected a flag for the frew nation.
It has a red field with the union jack displayed in the
upper left-hand corner, a big six-pointed star to rep
resent Australia and her six provinces, and, finally, a
number of other stars to represent the southern cross.
It is a dandy flag.
An intimate friend of the President writes to the
Philadelphia Record that the correct pronunciation of
the President's name can be determined by the rhym
ing of these lines: "The office-seeker was in pain;
no tongue can tell the woes he felt when told he need
not call again to worry Mister Rose-e-velt."
Bryan manages to get his name in the papers once
in a while, and his latest notice has been due to the
fact that he bought a short-horned heifer for $450;
consequently the next outburst of bleating from the
Bryan farm may be due not to the Colonel himself
but to some other calf.
URBAN POPULATIONS.
DUDLEY DUBOSE AND PILLSBURY'S
BROWN HAT DIVIDE DAY'S HONORS
SCENE IN COURT. WHILE DUDLEY EUBOSE, FRESH FROM LUXURIOUS QUARTERS IN THE ALAMEDA
COUNTY JAIL, WAS TELLING OF THE VALUE OF THE TESTIMONY THAT THE OLD BROWN HAT OF E.
8. PILLSBURY FREQUENTLY CONTAINED.
A STIFF brown hat and a prisoner
furnished the amusement and life
in the Nome contempt proceed
ings yesterday before Judge jrlea
cock. The hat belongs to E. S.
Pillsbury, amicus curiae, and the prisoner
is Dudley Dubose. Judging from the
amount of testimony the hat has con
tained it ought to be introduced in evi
dence. Dubose was introduced.
Fresh from a lunch of seven courses
and three ices served by Oakland's pre
mier chief, Dudley Dubose left the Ala
meda County Jail to go upon the stand
in behalf of the respondent's side of the
case. AVheji he arrived the attorneys
joked about taking him away from his
home and hoped he suffered no incon
venience. Dubcse smiled in a wan sort
of way, informing the jesters that he was
only too ready to leave his pleasant home
at any time.
The trip was hardly worth the taking—
to anybody save Dubose, who enjoyed the
ride on the bay and the mild excitement
that prevailed in the courtroom. The re
spondent's attorneys painfully went
through certain portions of Hume's tes
timony, in which Dubose and certain con
versations between various parties were
mentioned. Dubose's testimony in sev
eral instances runs counter to Hume's
statement.
If Dubose was not worked hard Pills
bury's hat was. Trie amicus curiae sits
in the jury box with his hat on an ad
joining chair. Behind him sit Samuel
Knight and "Billy" Metson, the terror
of Nome gun lighters. They have had
Nome affairs to eat, drink and sleep on
for the last year and are full of sugges
tions to the cross-examiner. In order not
to disturb the court they write out the
Hitting idea and pass it into the hat.
Eighty-three inscribed and hatted ideas
have so far gone into the record. When
Pillsbury runs out of Questions the hat
comes into the case.
The attorneys have begun to war in
earnest. Bellicose attitudes, sharp
words and thundering voices are consid
ered very proper. The sarcasm consumes
itself, however, for the amicus curiae will
not mix in and the respondents' attor
neys quit with "some secret satisfaction"
after the witness has answered the ir
relevant, incompetent, immaterial and
otherwise objectionable question.
At the opening of the morning session
Mr. Pillsbury continued his cross-examin
ation of Witness C. A. S. Frost. Hia
questions were directed to Frost's actions
r.nd knowledge of events on the day that
McKenzie was arrested. The "whole
story of the forceful possession was
threshed over. Pillsbury tried to break
down the witness' statements about his
Walnut and Pecan Panoche. Townsend. •
Choice candies. Tonwsend'a, Palace Hotei*
Cal. Glace Fruit 50c per lb at Townsend's •
Look out 81 4th, front of barber; best
eyeglasses, specs, gold plated, 10c to 40c. •
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
Love may be blind, but in financial mat
ters it has a sensitive touch.
A vigorous growth and the original color given
to the hair by Parker' s Hair Balsam.
Hindercorns. the best cure for corns. 15 cts.
innocence in connection with the resist
ance of the execution of the writs. Frost
took refuge behind an occasional lapse
of memory, but more generally denied all
charges that he advised any one to re
sist the writs.
The next line of questions was directed
toward the intimacy of Judge Noyes and
the witness. The amicus curiae said the
band of Judge Noyes was to be found
in all the positions Frost assumed while
in Nome and his cross-examination was
directed toward to establishing this fact.
Not long after this the amicus curiae
provoked a tempest:
"Did McKenzie ever lend you any
money?" was the question that caused
the disturbance. MaLaughlin said bitter
things to Pillsbury and Heney jumped
into the argument before the witness
answered:
"Tes, sir; $200 somewhere along October
1, 1900. I needed the money for living
expenses. I sent for my wife and was
out of funds."
Pillsbury then tried to force the wit
ress to explain why he went to McKenzie
and not to others. The witness bristled
and told Pillsbury that he might even
ask him for a loan of $10 if they were
acquainted.
"Possibly," gaid Judge McLaughlin.
Then the amicus curiae went back to
the bank, the writs of supersedeas and
that October day when McKenzie was ar
rested. Frost replied that he did not
talk with Judge Noyes or District Attor
In Next Sunday's Call
2Q PPcsa £ es Human Interest Stories J/\
Beginning November 3
THE SUNDAY CALL MAGAZINE
SECTION WILL BE DEVOTED
EXCLUSIVELY TO MATTERS OF
LOCAL INTEREST BY BEST
KNOWN WESTERN WRITERS.
Beginning November 3
AN EXTRA EIGHT-PAGE SEC-
TION FOR WOMEN AND CHIL-
DREN, WITH HALF-TONE IL-
LUSTRATIONS.
Special Arrangements Have Been Made
For Contributions From the Following
Famovs Writers:
BRET HARTE, JOAQUIN MIL-
LER, MADGE MORRIS, INA D
COOLBRITH, KAT*HRYN JAR-
BOE, FRANK NORRIS AND PAU-
LINE BRADFORD MACKIE.
THE CALL'S ILLUSTRATIONS EXCEL
CX) ********* pag es in All »*»¦«¦«¦ 20
ney "Wood at any time concerning th«
writs.
During the morrinsr session when Frost
was on the stand a letter was mentioned
by the amicus curiae which ex- Attorney
General Griggs is supposed to have writ
ten to Judge Noyea in which Griggs com
mends the Judge for fine judicial work \r\
Nome. Xoyes was proud of this letter
and showed it at Nome. Now they want:
it in evidence.
The proceedings to-day will be confine!
to the redirect examination of C. A. 9.
Frost and the cross-examination
Dubose.[ ADVERTISEMENTS.
COrr.t«HT IHt »r Tm£ PROCTER « 4*l* B CO. CINCINNATI "-»^ E _ M __ V fc MM^_j Ma
TWO VALUES. -
¦ffi;E*?: HERE arc two values to every purchase —
S?P§ what it costs and what it pays you. Cork
isgg| costs 8 cents a pound, but if you are drown-
' : - -" 1 ing half a mile from shore, its value would
be not what you pay for cork, but what cork saves
you." When a woman buys soaps she often con-
fuses the two values. She sees only what she pays.
She overlooks what she receives. Now a single
cake of Ivory Soap pays back from ten to twenty
times its cost in the saving it effects. Test ii your-
self I Vegetable Oil Soap. Ivory white. It floats I
BISHOPS PLAN
WORK IN ASIA
Important Measures to
Be Considered by
Methodists.
CINCINNATI, 0., Nov. Bishop Good
sell presided at to-day's session of the
Me.hodist Bishops. It was decided to hold
the next semi-annual conference at Chat
tanooga, at which time closer relations
and the final union of the churches North
and South will be further considered.
Dr. James M. King, who was the first
assistant of the late Dr. Spencer of At
lanta, was elected corresponding secretary
for the Church pretension Society, with
headquarters at Philadelphia". Second
Assistant Secretary Dr. Showers of
Evanston, 111., is an applicant for promo
tion to Dr. King's old place, but five
other candidates are in the field and the
contest is so strong that no election result
wil!: be reached until next week. .
Bishop McCabe presided at the after
noon session, which was devoted to re
ports from foreign fields, including nine
different countries. Bishop Thoburn. who
Is present, reported from his conferences
in Bengal, India, Burmah and the Philip
pines. ¦ •
Trie report of Bishop D. H. Moore on
conditions in China, where the doors are
nov,- open, will be presented to-morrow. It
is 1.0 be the most interesting of the re
ports. It includes Korea and Japan. ;It
is expected that the Bishops v,-ill arrange
lor a great extension of the work in
Asia. The Bishops were given a public
reception to-night.
i;ajcz or sackvtxlz
IN SPANISH COUBTS
Interesting Investigation Is Bein£
Made in Madrid Concerning Al
leged Former Diplomat.
MADRID, Nov. l.— The name of "Sack
is £gur:r.g in strange investigations
are now occupying the attention of
tne courts. A local lawyer has applied to
the court to recognize the legitimacy of a
client, who claims to be the son of a cer
'L/ord Sackville. secretary of Lega
tion at Madrid about the year 1854." The
claimant alleges that the diplomatist mir
ried a well known Spanish dancer. Pepita
Duran, and had three daughters and a
•on by the marriage. It is declared that
-"sarriage register was subsequently
ta-mpered with and the name of Pepita
Duran's dancing master v.as substitute!
: :e original entry. The examinint
xnagistrate appointed experts to examine
fgister and th»; experts have con
firned the statement that the original
name of the husband, whatever it was.
had been scratched out. and that the
name of Oliva had been substituted.
LONDON. Nov. I.— ln connection wirh
the Madrid dispatch referring to "Lord
Sackvilie," it is pointed out that the pres
ent Lord Saekville. the former Minisu:
¦it Britain at Washington, although
he was in the diplomatic, service prior to
as net attached to the British Lega
tion at Madrid until eleven ysr? after
late. Moreover he did not succeed to
title until 1888.
Suitan Pays Naval Officers
PARIS. Nov. ].— A dispatch to the
Teir.ps from Constantinople says thirty
<= of the navy recently mutinied on
account of arrears of pay and pro<
to the palace to make a demonstration.
The Suitan then sent* an aid-de-camp
with an inptaiim^r.t of the money due
th< m and the officer* thereupon desisted.
Russian Warship Buns Ashore.
COPENHAGEN, Nov. 1.-A dispatch
frcm Kyborg. on the island of Funen, an
nounces that the Russian battleship
Peresviet ran ashore to-day on the north
end of the island of Langeland, between
Funen and the island of Lasland. A sal
vape steamer has gone to her assistance.
Cere&l
The little folhs
enjoy the distinction of
drinking coffee — just like
mamma and papa.
Let the table beverage be
FIGPRUNE and they can
join with the family in par-
taking of a rich, nourishing
drink made of choice
California figs, prunes and
grain.
Healthful — nutritious.
Boil from 5 to 1O minutes only
ALL GROCERS SELL
FIGPRUNE, CEREAL.
POLICE SEIZE
THE PROPERTY
Porto Rico Controversy
Caused by Steamship
Company.
SAN JUAN, Porto Rico. Nov. I.— The
' property of the New York and Porto Rico
Steamship Company has been seized by
! the police in the name of the people of
: Porto Rico under orders from Governor
' Hunt.
The pier, which was erected under a li
cense from the War Department, was
', burned some months ago and the com
: pany has been engaged in rebuilding it,
! using the old pile foundation, contending
; that it still has rights under the license
| of the Secretary of War and that it was
¦ simply repairing damage done by the ele
; iuents. *
The Council ruled that the company has
• no right to build without a new fran
: thise. and yesterday the Council author
' ized a resolution to the effect that lnas
j much as the company was working in
violation of the law the Governor was
requested to prevent further trespassing.
The sctlon~faken places the matter in -i
position where the Governor can pass
upon the riphts of the parties concerned
The oompanj- has made an application for
j an injunction, will sue to recover damages
| and will test the validity cf Secretary
'¦¦ Root's licer.se under the civil regulations.
LA GIBONDE UNSALVED.
Samoa Returns From San Nicholas
Island Without the Schooner.
The steam schooner Samoa came back
to port last Thursday nigrht without the
schooner La Giror.de. She v.-as supposed
to have towed that vessel oft San Nicho
las Island, but the men in possession
would not allow the captain of the steam
er to put a line aboard.
The La Gironde was on her way to San
Francisco, when a dense fog came down
and she ran on San Nicholas Island. The
crew refused to remain by the vessel and
forced the captain and mate to go with
them to San Pedro. At the latter port
the captain chartered the steam schooner
Acme to go back to the wreck, but on his
arrival found a crew of salvers in charge.
They refused to give up possession, so
the Acme came to San Francisco. Then
the Samoa was sent frem here to make
terms with the men in possession, but the
latter would not treat on any terms, and
when the captain of the steam schooner
attempted to put a line aboard they pro
duced shotguns and threatened to kill the
first man who put foot on the L.a Gironde.
The matter will now have to be taken
into the courts for settlement and in the
meantime the schooner will probably go
to pieces in the first gale.
Murderer Brought Back.
The whaling bark California arrived
yesterday from Okhotsk Sea. 41 days out.
The run was prolonged owing to strong
head winds. William Stewart, the ships
Book, was brought home in Irons. For
nearly five months he has been in con
finement, but he does not show any signs
of his imprisonment. On June 6 last Stew
art ar.d a "green hand" named Otto
Schroeder got into a quarr&l. Schroeder
was getting the better of the fight, when
Stewart drew a knife and stabbed him to
death. The deceased was on his first
cruise, while Stewart had made a voyage
on a coaster. Both were young men and
previously had been friends. Schroeder is
said to have wealthy relatives in San
Francisco, while Stewart's people are all
in Los Angeles.
Soon after the murder the California
ran into a school of whales and all the
boats were lowered. One of them was
emesbed into kindling wood by a levia
'he-.n and William Faulkner was killed.
Only one whale was taken and the cap
tain decided that the murderer aboard
was-; a hoodoo, so he put into Hakodate
and tried to turn Stewart over to the
L'rited State* Consul. The latter would
not take him. however, so the bark had
to pail again with the hoodoo aboard. All
she brought into port was 1050 barrels of
pcrm and 50 barrels of whale oil and 000
pounds of whalebone.
Water-Front Notes.
The shipping of the port has been the
heavippt of any month during this year.
Iho foreign departures for October ag
grf'pati ci 143.434 tons and the domestic
Th< foreign arrivals aggregated
130.184 and the domeFtk' ]G!>.9Sl tons. This
wfll probably be found to be the best
shewing in the United States outside of
New y.iik.
The ship Star of Russia arrived from
the canneries yesterday. She left the
ship Ssnta Clara at I'yak. On the re
turn of the Santa Clara to San Francisco
the cannery fleet will be accounted for
for this season.
The tug Tatonsh is now doing duty on
the Columbia River bar.
Captain Harry Marshall of the tug Slo
cum is recovering from his illness and
will be back on duty in a week or so.
Arthur Baker, who ran away with a
$10 bin given him to change, "has been
: up in the Harbor Police Station.
He got the bill from a saloon-keeper on
the water front and failed to return, s.o
the latter had him arrested.
It's' Getting Cool Down East
And it's just the time to visit there. Wher
ever you are going we can supply you
with trunks, at the lowest prices and of
the best quality. Our traveling things have
the latest devices for convenient packing
and won't break or lose their stylish
appearance in service. Sanborn, Vail &
Co., 741 ilarket street. •
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 2, 1901.
ARMY TRANSPORT KILPATRICK SAILS
FOR THE PHILIPPINES WITH TROOPS
SAILING OF THE ARMY TRANSPORT KILPATRICK ON WHAT WILL PROBABLY BE HER LAST VOYAGE
FROM THIS PORT. FROM MANILA SHE WILL. GO TO NEW YORK AND AFTER THAT MAY BE SOLD
FOR A MERCHANT STEAMER. '
THE United States army transport
Kilpatrick sailed for the Philip
pines yesterday. The probabilities
are that she will not be seen again
in this port for a long time, as
Uncle Sam intends recalling her to New
York. It is the policy of the administra
tion to retire all the single screw trans
ports as quickly as possible and keep
nothing in service • but the best of the
fleet. A single screw vessel is likely at
any time to break down completely, while
a twin-screw steamship has. always two
chances to one.
The Kilpatrick took away yesterday
thirty-nine cabin passengers and about 160
recruits, four members of the hospital
corps and four nurses. Those who went
away in the cabin were:
Captain George P. Ahem and wife, Captain
S. T. Weirick, Lieutenant W. A. Carlion and
wife. Lieutenant AVilliam G. Fleischhauer, Sec
ond Lieutenants Fred Burg, F. W. Bugbee and
wife, A. Clark, Francis J. Beer and T. A.
Jones (to Honolulu), Captain Thomas J. Dick
son Chaplain H. P. Silver, Contract Nurse
Charles J. Simpson, Xurse Helen Mahlum Uo
Honolulu) M. C. Laughlin, E. L. Kennedy, F.
S. Cairns, wife and child; William J. Wilson,
J L Johnson, L. Irving Thomas, Sam T.
Neely. Ralph C. Bryant, AVilliam Klemme, Ed
Hareford, Ed Hagger, W. S. Barney, L. M.
Edwards, Mrs. S. C. Mills and Mis? Carr, Mrs.
T. C. Woodbury and daughter, Mrs. A. yon
P Anderson and child, Mrs. A. H. Hilgard,
Mrs. J P. Hopkins, Miss Anita E. Spellman,
Miss Katherlne Gunn, Mrs. H. B. McCoy, Mrs.
Alfred Roeder, Mrs. W. E. McPherson, Mrs.
James Collins. Mrs. E. E. Hagan, Mrs. J. W.
Dougherty. Miss E. B. Caldwell. W. TV. Law
ton and wife. Arthur 'S. Ward and Mrs. L. A.
Dorrington and daughter.
Before the vessel pulled out into the
stream o.uite a crowd of young people
invaded the wharf. They were down to
bid adieu to Mrs. Lawton, who goes to
the Philippines as a brida. Rice and old
shces followed the transport in a shower
as she pulled away from the pier.
The Kilpatrick was in splendid condi
tion going- to sea, owing to* the efforts of
Chief Steward Herbert of the Grant, who
attended to her fitting out. At the last
moment Chief Steward J. J. Fallon, late
of the St. Paul, was appointed to the ves
sel and went out on her. Fallon's many
friends will be glad to learn that he is
still in the land of the living, as last win
ter he was reported to have died in a bliz
zard at Nome.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping Merchants.
The schooner Halcyon will load lumber at
I Fort Bragg for La Paz; the S. T. Alexander,
merchandise here for Kahului. The American
ship f?t. Paul has been purchased by the Pa
cific Packing and Navigation Company, tsrms
'private.
Barley for New York.
The ship John Ena was cleared Thursday for
New York with 94,193 ctls wheat valued at
$84,773.
The Leelanaw's Cargo.
The steamer Leelanaw, . which sailed Thurs
day for Panama, carried merchandise for New
York valued at $105,773 and some canned goods
for Trinidad, West Indies, valued at $1723. The
oargo included the following:
For New York— ll.omj ctls barley, 12,076 rbs
mustard seed. 3?1 bales junk, 7 pkgs hardware,
37.H31 tbs beans, 2400 lbs peas, 215,574 gals -wine,
24/>."6 rbs dry hides, 10 gks shells, 2SI bbls
asphaltum. WS2 pies lead.
For Trinidad — 310 cs canned salmon, 100 cs
canned fruit.
Notice to Mariners.
ST. GEORGE REEF FOG SIGNAL, CAL
IFORNIA.
Notice is hereby given that owing to the
scarcity of water at the St. George Reef Fog
Signal Station. California, it may become
necessary at any time to discontinue entirely
the operation of the fog signal although it will
be continued in operation as long aa possible.
Due notice will be given as soon as the water
supply will allow of operating the slrnal as
heretofore. Mariners are requested to take no
tice and be governed accordingly.
This notice affects the "List of Lights and
Fog Signals, Pacific Coast, 1901," page 20, No.
59 and the "List of Beacons and Buoys, Pa
cific Coast, 1901," pase 34.
By order of the Lighthouse Board.
J. B. MILTON,
Commander, U. P. N., Inspector Twelfth Light
house District.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Friday, November 1.
Stmr Washtenaw, Parker, 91 hours from Ta
coir.a.
Stmr San Pedro, Jahnsen, 56 hours from San
Dieso.
Stmr Pomona, Shea, 18 hours from Kureka.
Stmr GiDsy, Lelarid, 30 hours from Monte
rey.
Stmr Columbia, Doran, 60 hours from Port
land, via Astoria 44 hourß.
Stmr Chico, Jensen, 17 hours from Fort
Brags.
Stmr Gualala, Genereaux, 11 hours from
Bowens Landing.
Stmr National City, Dettmers, 15 hours from
Fort Bragg\
Stmr Alcatraz. Carlson. 45 hours from San
Pedro.
Br stmr Carlisle City. Paterßon. 43 days from
Hongkr.ng, via Kobe 35 days, via Yokohama 30
days, via Honolulu 16 days, via San Diego 42
hours.
Bark Kate Davenport, Rosendall, 7 days
from Columbia River.
Whaling: bark California, Smith, 41 days
from Okhotsk Sea.
Barpe Santa Paula, McGovern, 6 days from
East San Pedro, via Port Harford 36 hours.
Sohr Challenger, Anderson, 8 days from Port
Hadlock.
CLEARED.
Friday, November 1.
Stmr North Fork, Fosen, Eureka; The Chas
Nelson Co.
Stmr Corona, Gielow, San Pedro; Goodall,
Perkins & Co.
Nor stmr Tltania, Egenes, Nanaimo; John
Ro:-.enffld's Son.«.
Nor stmr Tellug, Pederton, Ladysmlth; R
Dunsmuir's Sons Co.
SAILED.
Friday, November 1.
Stmr W H Kruger, Krog. Fort Bragg.
Stmr Alex Duncan, Smith, southern coast.
Stmr Coos Bay, Nicholson. Moss Landing.
81 mr Gipsy, L?land, Santa Cruz.
Nor Ptmr Tltania, Egenes, Nanaimo.
Br ship Allerton. Toye. Sharpn^s.
Krhr J M Weatherwax, Sorenson, Tacoma.
Schr Free Trade, Thorsen. Coos Bay.
Schr Mary Etta, Stormer, Bowens Landing.
Schr Archie and Fontle, Skipper, .
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBCiS, Nov 1, 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind NW. velocity 16 miles.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
UMPQl'A— Arrived Oct 23— Schr Louise, from
San Pedro.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Ort 29— Schr Salva
tor. from Eureka. Nov I— Stmr Lakme, from
Kureka.
To sail Nov I— Stmr Santa Barbara, for San
Frajicltco and Eureka.
EUTtEKA— Sailed Nov I— Stmr Noyo, for San
PORT 1 " TOWNSEND— Arrived Nov 1-Bktu
Klikitat, from Honolulu, for Port Gamble.
Passed in Nov I—Jau1 — Jau stmr Idzumi Maru,
from Yokohama.
Passed out Nov I— Br stmr Wyefleld, from
Taooma, for Vladivostok.
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived Nov I— Stmr
Ne'.vburg, hence Oct 28. All outbound vesse's
here are barbound.
CASPAR— Arrived Nov I— Stmr Samoa, hence
Oet 31.
SEATTLE— Arrived Oct 31— Stmr Coronado.
hence Oct 27. Nov I—Stmr1 — Stmr Coronado. hence
Oct 27.
Sailed Nov I— Stmr Chas Nelson, for Skag
uay.
GREENWOOD— Arrived Oet 2S— Stmr Alca
zar, hence Oct 27, and sailed Oct 31 for San
Pedro. Oct 31— Stmr Greenwood, hence Oct
30, and Kails Nov 2 for San Francisco.
PORT Ll.'DLOW— Sailed Nov 1-Schr John G
North, for Honolulu; bktn Klikitat, for Hono
lulu.
BOWENS LANDlNG— Arrived Nov I— Schr
S Danielson. hence Oct 27.
ASTORlA— Arrived Nov I— Strr.r Geo W El
der, hence Oct 30; Br stmr Adato, from Naga
saki; Ger bark Schwarzenbck, from Santa Ro
salia.
Sailed Xov I— Stmr Fulton, for San Fran
cisco.
NEAH BAY — Parsed out Nov I—Stmr1 — Stmr Aztec,
from Nanaimo, for San Francisco.
FOREIGN PORTS.
CAPE TOWN— Sailed Nov I— Ship Alex Gib
son, for Newcastle, Aus.
NANAIMO— SaiIed Oct 31— Stmr Aztec, for
San Francisco.
CORONEL— Arrived Oct 31— Br stmr Flint
shire, hence Oct 4, for Antwerp.
Sailed Oct 14 — Br stmr Cromarty, for New
York.
ADEN— Sailed Oct 29— Br stmr Kaisow, from
Tacoma, for Enrland.
SINGAPORE— SaiIed Oct 30— Br stmr Oopack,
for Seattle.
SUEZ— Arrived Nov I— U S stmr Buford.
from Manil?., for New York.
ST VlNCENT— Arrived Oct 31— Ger stmr Her
monthip, hence Au£ 2.
FERNANDO DE NORONHA— Passed Oct 31
— Br shin Montgomeryshire, from Swansea, for
San Francisco.
HAMBURG— SaiIed Oct 31-Br ship Alice A
Leirrh. for .
NAGASAKI— Arrived Oct 28— U S stmr Path
finder, from Alaska, for Manila; all well.
LADYSMITH— To nail Nov I— Nor stmr Hor
da, for San Francisco.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent..
NOTE — The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-flve minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide Is the same at both, places
SATURDAY. NOVEMBER 2.
Sun rises 6:36
Sun sets 5:11
Moon rises (third quarter) 11:18 p. m.
¦--: Time Time Time : Time
Date Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
H W L W HW. L W
2 ... 4:55 5.0 10:00 3.2 3:46 6.2 10:40 0.0
3... 5:51 5.2 11:24 2.8 5:02 4.9 11:38 0.4
4... 6:44 5.31 12:40 2.4 6:23 4.5
:LWHW L W - H W
5 ... 0:34 0.8 7:30 5.5 1:41 1.9 7:40 4.4
6 ..'. 1:29 1.1 8:14 5.6 2:32 1.4 8:44 4.1
7 ... 2:15 1.4 8:51 5.7 3:15 0.9 9:43 4.5
8 ..| 2:55] 1.7| 9:28| 5.8 3:54 0.5 10:35 4.3
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time: the
fourth time column gives the last tide of th*
day, except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are in ad
dition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey Charts, except when a minus (—
sign precedes the height, and then the number
given is subtracted from the depth given by the
charts. The plane of reference Is the mean of
the lower low waters.
— •
m
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographic Office, TJ. S. N., Mer-
McCLURES
FOB NOVEMBER
Contains fifteen superbly illustrated articles, stories and poems,
among which appear a thrilling account of the Fastest Race Ever
Run (the great automobile race from Paris to Berlin); a powerful
story of ward politics; an autnoritative study of the mammoth
steel corporation that is thoroughly interesting, and a heart
warming story of Thanksgiving time. The most timely article is:
ROOSEVELT
By WILLIAM ALLEN WHITE.
A masterly presentation of the man's character, written with
frank, absolute sincerity and with an acumen and insight that no
one else,
THOROUGHLY EQUIPPED FROM PERSONAL ACQUAINTANCESHIP,
has ever brought to bear upon the personality of Theodore Roose-
velt. It makes clear just what kind of a President such a man is
bound to make. There is no other writer devoting himself to this
special branch of literature — the character study — who has the en-
dowment, the literary art of expression that William Allen White
has. It is a rare and great achievement to make a real man as typ-
ical as a great character in a novel. It is an article from which
historians of the future will be able to get at the real man.
TEN CENTRA COPY
Our programme for next year is now ready to be announced.
Send postal for handsome illustrated prospectus in colors.
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal.,
November 1, ISOI.
The Time Ball on the tower of the Ferry
building was dropped exactly at noon to-day,
i. c., at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at 8
p. m., Greenwich mean time.
j. t. McMillan,
Nautical Expert, in charge.
Steamer Movements.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. From. | Due.
J. S. Kimbail. Seattle and Tacoma — !Nov. 2
Rainier Seattle & N. Whatcom.Nov. 2
Acme San Pedro [Nov. 2 I
Crescent City. Crescent City (Nov. 2
Prosreso Seattle Nov. 2
Despatch San Pedro Nov. 2
Santa Barbara San Pedro Nov. 2
Mandalay Coquille River Nov. 3
Maria Nanaimo Nov. 3,
Washtenaw Tacoma ..Nov. 3
Wellington Oyster Harbor INov. 3
Eureka Humboldt [Nov. 3 1
Umatilla Puget Sound Ports INov. 3
Newport Panama & Way Ports Nov. 3
State of Cal... San Diego & Way Pta. Nov. 3 !
Ventura Sydney & Way Ports.. Nov. 4 i
Empire Coos Bay Nov. 4
Noyo Humboldt Nov. 4
Sequoia Humboldt Nov. 5
G. W. Elder... Portland and Astoria. .] Nov. 6
Pomona I Humboldt INov. 6
Peru I Valparaiso & Way Pts. Nov. 7
Santa Rosa.... San Diego & Way Pts. Nov. 7
Point Arena... Point Arena Nov 7
Newburg Grays Harbor Nov. 7
Algoa China and Japan Nov. 7
rn ""i» | San Pedro 4 Way Pts. Nov. 7
City of Puebla.j Puget Sound Ports Nov 8
Hongkong Mai China and Japan Nov. S
North Fork j Humboldt Nov. 8 I
Totmes Hamburg via W. Coast |Nov". 9 j
TO SAIL.
Steamer. Destination. lSail«. i Pier.
November 2.
Rival Willapa Harbor 12 m|Pier 2
San Pedro... Humboldt 10 am Pier 2
G. Dollar Grays Harbor .... 5 pnvPier "
Despatch Sea tWe direct 5 pm' Pier 18
lia.1 i a . ( ' ua -- Humboldt spmiPier-
Alameda ..... Honolulu 2 pm'Pler 7
\ alia \\ alia. Puset Sound Ports 11 amiPftr 9
North Fork.. Humboldt 12 nvPier *
American Honolulu | iPier "'0
? orona Newport & Way... 9 ani|Pier 11
Point Arena. Point Arena 2 pmtPler i
November 3. I
Acme Tillamook Bay 1101 10 am Pier 13
Santa Barb.. Humboldt |10 am.'Pier 2
Pomona Humboldt il:3opHler a
Santa Rosa.. San Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 11
November 4.
Rob't Dollar. Seattle & Hadlock. 5 pm Pier •>
Columbia Astoria & Portland 11 ami Pier 2l
November 5.
Empire Coos Bay 4 pmjPler 13
£uieka Humboldt ISamiPleri:!
November 6. j
Rainier Puget Sound Ports. | 5 pm'Pler I
Mandalay Coquille River | iPier 2
J. S. Kirr.ball Seattle & Tacoma.. 10 ami Pier 2
State of Cal.. San Diego & Way. 9 ami Pier 11
November 7.
Sesostris Hamburg & Way 'Pier 27
Gaelic China and Japan.. 1 pm'PMSS
Curacao Mexican Ports 10 am Pier 11
Umatilla Puget Sound Ports 11 am Pier 9
November 8.
Sequoia Humboldt jlO am! Pier 2
San Jose Panama & Way. ..112 m!PMSS
November O. ] ¦
G. W. Elder. Astoria & Portland 11 am ¦ Pier 24
November 11.
Xewburg..... Grays Harbor 5 pm IPier 2
FROM SEATTLE.
Steamer. From. I Dv».
Humboldt ! Skaguay & Way Ports. |Nov. 3
Dolphin I Skaguay & Way Ports. Nov. 6
Farallon | Skaguay & Way Ports. Nov. 7
City of Topeka I Skaguay & Way Ports. Nov. 9
Bertha I Valdez & Kodlak Nov. 10
Fraudulent Collector at Work.
The police have been notified by Super
intendent John N. Elbert of the Oity and
County Hospital that a man has been
calling at houses on Devisadero street
with a red-covered book soliciting sub
scriptions for the hospital. He is a fraud
AMUSEMENTS.
f*ftl lIIIRIA SAR FRANCISCO'S
vULUmDIA leading theatre i
MATINEE TO-DAY.
TO-NIGHT— TIME.
STUART ROBSON
In Bronson Howard's Greatest Comedy.
"THci HENRIETTA."
F.XTRA' BEGINNING
IJ>VIIV^» NEXT MONDAY.
Engagement of '£?}&-
SARA.I COWELL
LE MOYNE,
America's Grandest Actress,
In the Brilliant Historical Play.
THE FIRST CHARLES
DUCHESS OF -----
MARLBOROUGH l»™!l »™!
SEAT SALE NOW PROGRESSING.
• aamcariuui
MATIN-EE TO-DAY AND TO-MORROW.
TO-NIGHT and SUNDAY Ev'g— Last Times
THE GREAT
NORTHWEST.
A Great Melodramatic Production.
pn'fLC Evenings 10c, 15c, 25c, 35c, 50c
riLiVCJ Matinees 10c. 15c. 25c
/ Next — Superb Production of
• -NORTHERN LIGHTS."
EXTRA MATINEE ELECTION DAT (Tues-
day, November 5). Seats Now on Sale.
a-fl^ B-l IS A T D sTrA >
i 6 fir*?. J£sjr\ E Etc *X r
' Selasco & Thall. Managers.
LAST TWO NIGHTS.
5 MATINEE TO-DAY AND TO-MORROW.
TENNESSEE'S
PARDNER.
Bret Harte's Beautiful Romance.
Next— "NANCY AND COMPANY."
EXTRA MATINEE ELECTION DAY
(TUESDAY. NOV. STH.) .
MATINEE TO-DAY AND TO-MORROW
LAST TWO NIGHTS OF
1 "MY FRIEND_FROM INDIA." |
Week Commencing MONDAY EVENING
NEXT,
WALTER B. PERKINS
IN
"THE NEW BOY."
A Farcical Comedy by Arthur Law.
POPULAR PRICES— IOc, 15c. 25c, 50c, 73c.
! Good Orchestra Seats All Matinees 23c.
Branch Ticket Office Emporium.
LAST TIMES— TO-NIGHT. MATINEE
TO-DAY.
SPORTING LIFE.
TO-MORROW NIGHT,
| IN OLD KENTUCKY
SEATS NOW SELLING.
CALIFORNIA.
*-:-XT R fK I
Ellinghouse and Oppenheimer Beg to Announce
Three explanatory recitals at the piano on
WAGNER'S "
PARSIFAL, DIE MEISTERSINGER. TRIS-
TAN UND ISOLDE.
Afternoons of Nov. sth, 7th and 12th at 3:15.
BY MR. WALTER DAMROSCH.
PRICES — Orchestra, SI 50; Balcony $1; Gal- !
lery, 50c. SEATS READY. *
CHUTES and ZOO
Big Vaudeville Bill!
HARRY HARMON, High Diver.
special To-night !
GRAND PRIZE
CAKEWALK!
Telephone for Seats— Park 28.
SHERMAN. CLAY & COi'S HALL.
SIX RECITALS
By the Wonderful Child Pianist,
Ll« Li BRA*Dr.
Tuesday night, November 5; Saturday after-
noon. November 9; Tuesday night, November
| 12; Saturday afternoon, November 16; Tuesday
night. November 19; Saturday afternoon, No-
vember 23.
30 REMARKABLE SELECTIONS— IncIud-
ing original compositions and musical telegra-
phy. Reserved seats, 30c. 75c and $1. On sale
at Sherman. Clay & Co.'s.
BASEBALL.
SAN FRANCISCO ys. SACRAMENTO
TO-DAY AT 2:45 P.M.
SUNDAY AT 2:30 P. M.
RECREATION PARK,
Eighth and Harrison streets.
T?IQrWJ?R'Q concert HOUSE,
rlObllttn O Admission 10c.
GEISSLER - HIRSCHHORN TYROLEAN
TROUPE; Symo and Syma; Celia De Lacy:
Eleanore Jenkins; The Laskeys; Christian;
Christy, Tramp Juggler, and Hinrichs' Or-
chestra. Reserved Seats. 25c. Matinee Sunday.
CALIFORNIA I
LIMITED
"THE SUPERIOR OF 1
THEM ALL"
Everything that tends to 1
speed, comfort, pleasure and' I
luxury unlimited. Reserve jj
berths for this famous train I
at 641 Market street. 1
IT LEAVES EVERY MONDAY AND 1
' THURSDAY, 9.00 A. V., ON THE I
SANTA FE
AKnJKEBIBNTS.
EVENINGS AT 8 SHARP.
MATINEE SATURDAY AT 2 SHARP
LAST WEEK OF GRAND OPERA.
TO-NIGHT— LAST NIGHT OF
"CARMEN."
MATINEE TO-DAY and Sunday Night.
"LA BOHEME."-
. To-Morrow (Sunday) Afternoon.
BENEFIT VERDI MONUMENT FUND.
Seats Now on Sale at Tlvoll.
Monday, Nov. 4— First appearance In America of
POLLARD'S JUVENILE OPEKA CO.
In THE BELLE OF NEW YORK.
Saturday and Sunday Matinees.
POPULAR PRICES 25c. 50c and Tic
Telephone Bush 9. ...r-.> »,;'
PLACING
EVERY WEEK DAY-RAIN OR SHINE."
SEASON 1901-1902.
OPENING NOVEMBER 2, 1901.
NEW CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB
OAKLAND RACETRACK.
Races start at 2:15 p. m. sharp. -
Ferry-boats leave San Francisco at 12 m. and
12:30. 1, 1:30, 2, 2:30- and 3 p. m., connecting
with trains stopping: at the entrance to th«
track. Last ,two cars on train reserved for •
ladles and their escorts; no smoking. Buy your
ferry tickets to Shall Mound. All trains via
Oakland mole connect with San Pablo avenue
electric cars at Seventh and Broadway. Oak-
land. Also all trains via Alameda mole con-
nect with San Pablo avenue cars at Four-
teenth and Broadway, Oakland. These electric
cars so direct to the track In fifteen minutes.
Returning-— Trains leave the track at 4:15 and
4:45 p. m. and immediately after the last race.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR.. President.
R. B. MILROY. Secretary.
• * - • *-*y
MATINEE TO-DAY, SATURDAY. Nov. J.
Parquet, any seat, 25c; Balcony, 10c: Chil-
dren, any part except reserved. 10c. ,
ALL HEADLINERS!
Lillian Burkhart and Co., Miyo San,
Harris and Walters, Beaux and
Belles and the Biograph. Last
times of Leslie Brothers, Mignon-
ette Kokin, Francis Le Page and
John Geiger.
SUTRO BATHS.
OPEN NIGHTS; open dally from 7 a. m. to
1 p. m. : bathing from 7a. m. to 10:30 p. m.
Admission 10c, children sc; bathing, including
admission, 25c. children 20c. On and after Mon-
day, Nov. 4, 1901, the Sutra baths close at < p.m.
| PALACE HOTEL.
For a quarter of a century these
hotels have been the headquarters of
tourists and travelers who have
journeyed from all parts of the world
to San Francisco. Guests enter-
tained on the American or European
plan.
GRAND HOTEL.
I 4-»-—-»»————— ——¦——¦ —————— ————^— —
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
Northern Assurance
(Ineirporttad 1838— C«Mt 1353) ¦
COMPANY
i OF LONDON, ENGLAND, ON THE SIBT
" day of December, A. D. 1900, and for th«
year ending: on that day, as made to the In-
surance Commissioner of the State of Califor-
nia, pursuant to the provisions of sections (10
and 611 of the Political Code, condensed as per
blank furnished by th« Commissioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up
in Cash : $1,500.000 00
ASSETS. '
Real Estate owned by Company.... 13,494, NO a
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages 1,337,890 10
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company — 18,831,940 It
Amount of Loans secured by pledge
of Bonds. Stocks and other mar-
ketable securities as collateral.... 3,084.341 80
Cash In Company' Office 8,980 71
Cash in Banks 421,303 81
Interest due and accrued on all-
Stocks and Loans 215,151 17
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages 56,310 31 i
Premiums in due Course of Collec-
tion 133,289 25
Bills receivable, not Matured, taken
for Fire and Marine Risks 78,479 79
Rents due and accrued 5,954 11
Stamps '• 1,179 08
Reversions owned by the Company.. 1,749,818 83
Due from other Companies and from
Agents 944,803 A
Total Assets 139,359.871 79
LIABILITIES.
I Losses adjusted and unpaid Y.
j Losses in process of Adjustment
I or in Suspense.... • $320,460 M
j Losses resisted. Including ex-
penses :•" J |
Gross premiums on Fire risks run- | -;*>-,
ning one year or less. I ; .
reinsurance 50 per cent
Gross premiums on Fire Risks • 1, 774 42
tunning more than one year,
$ — ; reinsurance pro rata...
Liability under Life Department.... 19,874,867 H
Bills payable 31,514 75
Cash dividends remaining unpaid.. 14.804 29
All other Liabilities 183,134 33
Total Liabilities $22,088,348 71
INCOME. . "~" ~
Net cash actually received for Fire
premiums $3,761,548 it
Net cash actually received for Life
1 premiums » 1,324,138 42
Received for interest and dividends
on Bonds. Stocks, Loans and from «
all other sources 351.461 S3
! Received for Rents 50.233 46
i Received from all other sources.... 374,732 79
Total Income 4*2.315 13
EXPENDITURES. ' "
Net amount paid for Fire Losses
. (including $ . losses of pre-
vious years) 12.152.533 SI '
Net amount paid for Life Losses
(including $ , losses of pre-
vious years) 1.370.84187
; Dividends to Stockholders 449,145 00
'. Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 827,507 S3
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc... 743,877 S»
Paid for State. National and Local ' -
taxes 106,673 94.
i All other payments and expendi-
i tures 253.344 38
Total Expenditures $5,704,025 08
Fire.
Losses Incurred during the year 12.085.943 25
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks, j Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the ..
I year .$1,225,037,912 $3,761,548 S3
: Net amount of Risks
i expired during the
year 1.17*.-. '\/ ; 5, 617,817 50
Net amount in force
December 31. 1900... 818.691,942 £.507.699 2;
ERNEST CHAPLIN. Chairman.
H. E. WILSON. General Manager.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this ilth
day of April. 1901.
H. G. BISHOP, Notary Public.
PACIFIC COASi DEPART' EN F.
21 SAN,«OME STREET,,
Snn Francisco.
GlO. F. GRANT - - -• - Manager,
1 San Francisc] 0 fie?, 2)9 Sansoma Street.
! H. C AHPEL & CO., Agents*
78
>J " ADVERTISEMENTS. .. n_._-,.-,-n _. _-,.-,-
-^"^ VJ 1 / / I COPYRIGHT Itlll
f S^ / I I BY «.OCKWCDB.H.v|
HENRY C. POTTER Bishop of Nan-York ..
is one of a long list of distinguished men
and women who will contribute to =====
The Youth's Companion
©...FOR 1902... tiT%
Illustrated Announcement, telling all about *%ZrP
the new volume, with Sample Copies of 'M*.
'the Paper, sent FREE to any address.. ¦ .
Every New Subscriber who will mention this
publication or cut out this slip and send *. -
it at once with $1.75 will receive:
FREE- All the issues for the remaining weeks
of 1901.
FREE — ThanKsgi-ring and Christmas Numbers.
FREE — The Companion Calendar for 1902. *
lithographed in 12 colors and gold.
. The Companion for 52 weeks of 1902,— 250
stories. 50 special articles, etc., etc.
From now until Jan., 1903, for $1.75. AA
jf«li| The Youths Companion. Boston. Mass. . • ¦^S^'^Sft,
OCEAN TRAVEL >. |
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
V Steamers leave Broadway
fci. 'Wharf. San Francisco:
Hpßpft^^ For Alaskan ports — 11 a. m., i
BP^iaW. Nov. I. '.. 12. 17. 22, 27. Dec. 2.
¦Sf^ftjßß^ Change to company's steamers
§la9|^B.l • For Victoria, Vancouver <H- :
¦^¦V^^fc For Victoria. Vancouver <R |
AKSnAKSEMM c.). Port Townsend, Seattle. j
'*¦ I Tacoma. Everett and New
Whatcom (Was=h.) — 11 a. m.,
Nov. 2, 7 12. 17. 22. 27. Dec. 2. Change at
Seattle for this company's steamers for Alaska
and G. N. Ry. : at Seattle or Tacoma for N.
P. Ry : at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay)— 1:30 p. m., Nov.
3. 8, 13. 18. 23, 28. Dec. 3.
For San Diego, stopping only at Santa Bar-
bara. Port Los Angeles and Redondo (.Los Ar.-
reles i— Steamer Santa Rosa. Sundays. 9 a. m.
Steamer State of Cal.. Wednesdays, 9 a. m.
For Los Angeles, calling at Santa Cruz, Mon-
terey San Simeon. Cayucos. Port Harford (San
Luis'Obispo). Gaviota. Santa Barbara, Ven-
tura, Hueneme. Ea« San Pedro. San Pedro
and Newport— Steamer Corona. Saturdays,
Sa.ui. _ ' _ _ . ,
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mex.)— lo a. m.. 7th each month.
For further information obtain the company s
Tbe company reserves the right to change
steamers, sailing days and hours of sailing,
without previous notice.
TICKET OFFICE —4 New Montgomery
6treet (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agents,
10 Market Ft.. San Francisco.
O. I?. St N. CO.
Only Steamship lilne to
PORTLAND, Or.,
And Short Rail Line from Portland to «M
points East. Through tickets to all
points, all rail or steamship and rail, at
LOWEST ZEt-.A.'X'XZS.
OTEAKER TICKETS INCLUDE BERTH and MEALS.
PS. COLUMBIA Sails Nov. 4, 14, 24, Dec. 4
6S. GEO W. ELDER
' ! Sails Oct. 30, Nov. 9. 19, 23
Steamer sails from foot of Spear st.. 11 a. m.
W.HITCHCOCK, Montgm'y, S. F.
AMERICAN LINE.
XV YORK. SOUTHAMPTON. LONDON. PARIS.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New Tork Wednesdays at 10 a. m.
Philadelphia ....Nov. lisi Philadelphia ....Dec. 4
Pt Paul Nov. 2C St. Paul Dec. 11
Haverf ord Nov. 27 [St. Louis Dec. 18
RED STAR LINE.
Now York and Antwerp. ¦
From New York Wednesdays at 12 noon.
Southwark Nov. 13f*Zeeland Dec. 4
•Vaderland Nov. ICiFrietOand Dec. 31
Haverf ord Nov. Southwark Dec. IS
•Stopping at Cherboui-g, eastbound.
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO.,
CHAS. D. TAYLOR.
General Agent Pacific Coast. 30 Montgomery st.
TOYO RISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hiogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on
day of sa'.liTK.
BE HONGKONG MARU
" Saturday, November 16, 1901
6E. NIPPON MARU
Wednesday, December 11, 1901
E. AMERICA MARU „
". Saturday, January 4, 1902
- Round-trip ticket* at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office,
421 Market street, corner First.
W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION CO.
And Cia Sud Americana de Vapores
To Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican. Central
end South American ports. Sailing from How-
ard 3, Pier 10, 12 m.
PERU Nov. 13: COLOMBIA ....Dec. 7
PALEKA Nov. 231TUCAPEL Dec. 21
These steamers are built expressly for Cen-
tral and South American passenger fervid.
'No change at Acapulco or Panama.) Freight
and pa*«en*rer office. 316 California street.
BALFOUR. GUTHRIE & CO.. Gen. Agents.
PANAMA D D steamsbi?
rANAIHA m H. line
TO NEW YORK VIA PANAMA DIRECT.
Cabin, 1105: Steerage. J4O; Meals Free.
?5. 6. Argyll sails Saturday, Dec. 7
6. 6. Leelanaw sails
6. 6. Argyll sails
From Howard-street wharf <Pier 10.) at 2 p. m.
Freight and Passenger Office. 330 Market St.
F. F. CONNOR. Pacific Coast Agent.
oceanic ««»- ;=l
E. 6. ALAMEDA. for Honolulu
Saturday. Nov. 2, 2 p. m.
S. S. VENTURA, for Honolulu. Samoa. Auck-
land end Sydney... Thursday. Nov 14, 10 a. m.
S. S. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti
." Nov. 29. 10 a. m.
i. D.SPSECKEU 4 BKS. CO., tarn, ftgtnts, 327 llaitsi St
Qts'l Pussngtr flta, 643 Market St., Pnr Id. 7. Pacific St
COMPAGNJE GENERALS TRANSATLANTIQUS
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-FAKIS. ---,»_,
Billing every Thursday instead of <£$K]\Syk
Saturday, at 10 a. m., from pier 42, J»Ttt J *'a*
North River, foot of Morton street.
First class to Havre, $70 and upward. Second
class to Havre, $43 and upward. GENERAL
AGENCY VOR UNITED STATES and CAN-
ADA, SI Broadway (Hudson building). New
Tork. J. F. FUGAZI & CO., Pacific Coast
Ae«cts, 6 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tickets Bold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
BAY AND EIVEB STEAMEES.
FOR U. S. NAVY YARD AND VALLEJj
Steamers GEN. FRISBIE or MONTICELD
9:45 a. m.. 2:15- and S:"0 p. m.. except Sun-
day. Sunday, 9:45 a. m.. 8:30 p. m. Leaves
Yallejo 7 a. m.. 12:30 noon, 6 p. m., except
Sunday. Sunday, 7 a. m.. 4:15 p. m. Fare 50
cents. Telephone Main 1508. Landing- and
office, pier 2. Mlssion-st. dock. HATCH
BROS.
Weekly Call, sl.oo per Year
For Stomach Disorders,
Gout and Dyspepsia
DRINK
VICHY
Best NATURAL Alkaline Water, j
20 BROADWAY. N. T.
UNITED STATES BRANCH.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
North German Fire
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF HAMBURG. GERMANY, OX THE 31ST
day of December, A. D. 1900, and for the
year ending on that day, as made to the In-
surance Commissioner of the State- of Cali-
fornia, pursuant to the provisions of sections
610 and 611 of the Political Code, condensed as
per blank furnished by the Commissioner.
ASSETS.
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages $55,000 00
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company 371,266 25
Cash in Company's Office 1.646 55
Cash in Banks 11,970 05
Interest due and accrued on all Stocks
and Loans 1,250 82
Interest due and accrued on Bonds and
Mortgages 829 61
Premiums in due Course of Collection 32,251 92
Due from other Companies for rein-
surance on losses already paid 3,086 52
Certificates of Deposit in hands of
Trustees 79,327 13
Total Assets $616,628 SO
LIABILITIES. '.
Losses adjusted and unpaid $4,426 48
Losses in "process of Adjustment or in
Suspense • 13,603 67
l jO =«ee resisted. Including expenses... 19,900 00
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less. $355,184 97; re-
insurance *r.O per cent 177,592 48
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year, $211,016 51;
reinsurance pro rata 109,951
All other liabilities 45,750 16
Total Liabilities *H!".?rL 64
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for Fire
* premiums •• •••••• .1437,688 28
Peceived for interest on Bonds and
'Mortgages Vt.YJ.Vi 4,59127
Received for interest and dividends on
Bonds Stocks, Loans and from all
other sources '.. 14.808 80
Received from Home Office 69,696 IS
Total Income $526,685 23
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Fire Losses (In-
* eluding $48,633 64, losses of previous
years) $403,583 69
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage - - ••-. 113,359 63
Paid for Salaries, Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc 23.156 42
Paid lor State, National and Local
taxes ¦ 12,434 03
All other payments and expenditures. 24,739 65
Interest remitted to Home Office 15,667 68
Total Expenditures $592,971 10
Fire.
Losses incurred during the year. $387,412 46
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year $53,045,619 $669,902 85
Net amount of Risks
expired during the - "
year -• 69.962,409 874,976 92
Net amount in force
December 31, 1900 43.063,576 .'66,201 84
ADOLPH LOEB, U. S. Manager.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 18th
day of January. 19 01 -
MARK A. FOOTE, Notary Public.
waltefTspeyer,
General Agent' for the Pacific
Coast States and Territories,
25 SAN SO ME STREET
¦ San Francisco. Cal.
DISORDERS .-jjfN
—OF— | ' £»fs\
MENji
BY FAR THE GREAT- *f[/ NS^f^/VF I
er number of patients >~f \\*J II
ceeklng relief for so-called \\ \ jrhJl //
weakness' are strong,- \\ \J\ y/ //
robust men in every other
respect. Lobs of Vitality, Prematureness, etc..
arc . not weaknesses, but the symptoms of in-
flammatory processes In the Proatate Gland
(so-called neck of bladder) caused by contracted
disorders and too often repeated and too lons
j continued excitement. Under our local plan of
treatment, directed toward reducing the . en-
larged and swollen Prostate, Immediate re-
sults, as indicated by Increased circulation and
renewed strength, are observed. Our colored
chart of the organs, which we send free on
application, is interesting to any one wishing
to study the anatomy of the male.
DR. TALCOTT & CO., 997 Market Si.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
IZEARNY AND WASHINGTON ST3.— RE-
" modeled and renovated. KING, WARD &
CO. European plan. Rooms, EOc to $1 50 day;
$5 to $8 week; $8 to $20 month. Free baths;
hot and cold water every room; fire grates In
every room; elevator runs all night.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 2, 1901.
TURKEY COMPLETING FORTIFICATIONS,
PLACING MINES AND MOBILIZING TROOPS
Policy of Procrastination on the Part of the Sultan Is Followed by Unusual
Warlike Activity Because of the Departure of the French Squadron
Under Admiral Caillard to Seize the Custom-House at Smyrna
PARIS, Nov. 2.— "The Sultan has
ordered the completion with all
haste of the defenses at Salon
ika, Smyrna, and the entrance to
the Dardanelles," says the Con
stantinople correspondent of the Echo de
Paris. "Submarine mines will be placed
and troops mobilized at points where dis
embarkations are likely. A violent anti-
French feeling prevails and fears are felt
for the safety of French residents in
Turkish cities, Constantinople excepted."
The dispatch from Toulon announcing
the return of Admiral Caillard's division
LI HUNG CHANG
NEAR TO DEATH
Famous Chinese States
man Said to Be Criti
cally 111.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PEKING, Nov. 1.-Li Hung Chang is
again ill. Yesterday he had a hemorrhage
of the stomach and last night his condi
tion was pronounced most serious. It is
feared he may die at any time. An im
portant membor of the Foreign Office died
recently, Prince Ching has gone to meet
the court and the illness of Li Hung
Chang leaves the Foreign Office with no
capable head.
Li Hung Chang's illness occurs at the
conclusion of the Manchuria arrange
ment, which is now awaiting the court's-:
approval. His last previous illness fol
lowed the signing of the protocol with the
allies, when it was also feared he would
die.
WASHINGTON, Nov. I.— ln seeking to
obtain recognition of its right to a settle
ment at Tientsin the United States is
checkmating a plan of the German of
ficials at that point to secure possession
of the land hitherto held by this Govern
ment. In connection with the negotia
tions now in progress regarding the
American settlement it was learned to
day that the Germans at Tientsin have
been endeavoring to extend the bounda
ries of their concession so as to include
land which some years ago "was placed
under American jurisdiction. The Unite«J
States failed to maintain the settlement
and it has been administered as a part of
the British settlement.
The British are not disposed to prevent
the Germans from taking possession, and
in order to insure its preservation for
American settlement Minister Conger, un
der instructions from Secretary Hay, has
sought to have the boundaries again of
ficially defined. The latest advices re
ceived from Poking show that there will
be no difficulty in obtaining compliance
with the wishes expressed by Conger.
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
Changes Made in the Postal Servica
and More New Pensions
Granted.
WASHINGTON. D. C, Nov. I.— The
Postoffice Department to-day issued the
following: Postofflces established: Cali
fornia—Annapolis. Sonoma County; Ca
pell, Napa County. Oregon — DixonvMle,
Douglas County. Washington— Curtis,
Lewis County.
Postmasters commissioned: California-
Louis E. Louis, Prunedale; Robert A.
Spencer, Hermitage; Henry D. Wet more,
Annapolis; Edna M. Pare, Capell. Ore
gon— Emmeline Shepperd, McKinley: Au
gust A. Schloemann, Dixonville. Wash
ington—Edward I-.. Merrifleld. Christo
pher; Benjamin L. Curtis, Curtis.
Appointed— California— E. F. Barton,
Deluz, San Diego County, vice S. C. Wil
mont, resigned; Caroline Eslick, HU-k
man, Stanislaus County, vice F. C. Halde
man, resigned; Nela Turner, Hooker, Te
hama County, vice C. A. Saftel, resigned.
Oregon— J. R. P. Rowe, Sams Valley,
Jackson County, vice D. A. Fitzgerald,
resigned.
These pensions were granted: Califor
nia—Original—Charles George, San Diego,
$6; Milton M. Meily, Soldiers' Home, Ix>s
Angeles, "$6. War with Spain— George
King. San Francisco, $36. Increase— James
Morris, San Francisco, $5; Oeorgf \V.
Purdy, Petaluma, $12; Benjamin F. Fitch.
Long Beach, Jlu; John Hart, Soldiers'
Home, Los Angeles, $12: Thomas P. W.
Veal, Calistoga, $6. Widows— Wilhelmina
G. Huptman, Anaheim, $&.
Washington — Original — Theodore F.
Van Arsdale, I^acentre, $6.
MANIFESTO OF MASSO
EXCITES THE CUBANS
New Candidate for the Presidency
Ceuses Great Stir in Political
Circles.
HAVANA, Nov. I.— The manifesto of
General Bartolomo Masso in declaring
himself a candidate for the Presidency of
Cuba has caused a stir in political circles,
it is generally admitted that he will prove
a strong candidate if he receives the sup
port of the Autonomist party. El Diarlo
de la Marina, the organ of the Autono
mists, commends the manifesto.
"It is not the redhot bombshell predict
ed " says the paper, "but a conservative
and well-ordered pronouncement. The
idea of evolving gradually into independ
ence under the Platt amendment is the
view the Autonomists take. General Mas
so's plea that the payment of the army
should be the first obligation of the re
public is a political move and has no
alarming significance, especially when we
take into consideration the conservatism
that is evident throughout the manfesto."
La Discussion ridicules General Masso's
candidacy and criticizes his bid for the
Autonomist and negro vote.
La Lucha, sounding a note of warning
for the men surrounding Senor Palma,
says:
"Unless something is done immediately
to unite the Cubans, the fierce political
struggle that is inevitable with General
Masso in the field will result in a disturb
ance of the moral peace of the island.
The official element backing Senor Palma
lacks tact, prudence and has no other ob
ject than to hold on to the present office.''
Former University President 111.
MADISON, Wis., Nov. I.— Former Presi
dent John Adams of the State University
is seriously ill and his proposed trip to
California has been indefinitely postponed.
He had hoped to go to Battle Creek.
Mich., this week, but his condition makes
this impossible for the time being.
Poor Girl Becomes Heiress.
MIDDLETOWN, N. V., Nov. I.— Miss
Sadie Winslow, daughter of a poor farmer
at Sackett's Lake, has fallen heir to a
fortune of $125,003 through the death of
her uncle, John Winslow of Los Angeles,
Cal.
British Diplomat at Managua.
MANAGUA, Nicaragua, Nov. 1 (via Gal
veston).— Ralph Paget, British Minister to
the republics of Central America, arrived
in Managua to-day to confer with the
Nicarapuan Government.
Overland Trains to Make Better Time.
Commencing next Monday there -will be
a change of time in the arrival of the
westbound overland trains. The train that
has been In the past arriving here at 12:2,">
p. m. will reach this city at 8:25 a. m.
The overland limited will arrive at 5:25
p. m. instead of 6:55 p. m.
of the French Mediterranean squadron to
that port proves to be incorrect. The
officials of the Foreign Office to-day in
formed The Call correspondent that the
admiral has not returned and that the
facts set forth in these dispatches yester
day were correct. The admiral is now on
his way to Turkish waters.
The incorrect announcement from Tou
lon of the return of Admiral Caillard's
division, which created a great sensation,
emanated from the correspondent of a
well-known news agency. The explana
tion is that Admiral Magraet, commander
of the Mediterranean fleet, returned to
NELSON'S SKIP
ROARS WELCOME
Famous Old Victory Be
gins Salute to Ed
ward's Son.
PORTSMOUTH, Eng., Nov. I.— To-day's
naval pageant in honor of the Duke and
Duchess of Cornwall and York was al
most a reproduction of the ceremonial at
tending their departure.
The town and harbor were astir early.
Immense crowds assembled along the sea
front and rounds of cheers mingled with
the national anthem and salutes from the
harbor ships and land batteries as the
royal yacht Victoria and Albert steamed
to meet the Ophir. On board the royal
yacht the King in the undress uniform of
an admiral stood on the after bridge at
the salute, while the Queen and the chil
dren of the Duke and Duchess paraded
the hurricane deck.
The "roads" presented a striking spec
tacle, owing to the great gathering of
warships, dressed from stem to stern, and
with their yards manned and their sides
lined with their crews. Nelson's old flag
ship, the Victory, started the salute to
their Majesties, and each ship in turn
took it up as the Victoria and Albert
moved down the Solent, accompanied by
a flotilla of older royal yachts. Off Yar
mouth, Isle of Wight, the Victoria and
Albert and the Ophir met and exchanged
signals of greeting.
About 2 o'clock the booming of distant
guns signaled the approach of the royal
vessels and the naval procession soon
hove in sight, with the Trinity House
yacht Irene acting as pilot. She was fol
lowed by the Victoria and Albert, the
Ophir and two ironclads. Guns were
fired, bands played and crowds cheered
as the vessels passed down the line of
the fleet.
As the Victoria and Albert neared the
harbor the troops ashore presented arms
and the garrison battery fired a final
salute. The bands everywhere struck up,
"God Save the King," and thousands of
bluejackets on board the ships in the har
bor repeatedly cheered the royal party.
The demonstrations were renewed as
the Ophir entered, her band playiii^
"Home, Sweet Home." The Duke and
Duche.ss of Cornwall and York occupied
a conspicuous position on the upper deck
of the yacht, respectively saluting and
bowing in response to the demonstrations
of the thousands of people lining the har
bor.
Immediately after the Victoria and Al
bert and the Ophir were moored at the
jetty the Duke and Duchess of Cornwall
and York joined their Majesties and the
children on board the former yacht.
KCOSEVELT'S PASTOR
TALKS OF ANARCHISTS
Clergyman of the Church, the Presi
dent Attends Delivers an Inter
esting Address.
PITTSBUR.G. Nov. I.— The second ses
sion of the Federation of the Brotherhood
of Andrew and Philip opened to-day in
the West Liberty Presbyterian Church.
There was an hour's free discussion of
measures and methods under the subject
"What Are You Doing, and How?" The
Rev. John M. Schick, D. D., pastor of
Grace Reformed Church. Washington, D.
C, that is attended by President Roose
velt, addressed the convention on "The
Christian in Politics."
"Anarchy is the product of disbelief and
discontent." he said, "and it may point its
pistol at the breast of any prominent
Christian and take him out of politics,
but God will always have another Chris
tian man in politics to take his place, and
when this happens at the topmost pinna
cle of Amerlcßii politics the American na
tion in the midst of its deep sorrow finds
solace in her institutions and is comforted
by God."
Dr. C. C. O'Donnell Is still in the fight
and will surely win this time, as the
unions are now in his favor. Be sure to
vote for him for Mayor by writing his
name with a lead pencil at the head of the
blank column. •
New Ameer Grants Favors.
SIMLA, Nov. I.— The Ameer of Afghan
istan, Habidullah Khan, has caused to be
spread broadcast a proclamation inform
ing all Afghanistans who have fled from
their country because of extortion, op
pression or fear of arrest on false charges
that they can return safely and that lands
confiscated from them will be restored;
that loans will be advanced for improve
ments, and that a year's taxes will be
remitted.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
flii^sT A BEA VTIFVL WIFE "^
1! (I 1)1 v!!Jl!s3?' AJW B Whlit suffcrin S woman would not look younger if she could be freed from the continual distress M
m \/l fll \W^^£/mV S °* f«male suffering? There are thousands of women in every city whose bleared eyes, wasted faces If
H BLmw Trfir^^llll ' an< * 1 " 655 0 0 °^ hopelessness makes them unattractive, unlovely creatures. Female suffering is m
MBiW \t^^m)mWi ' rrita *ing them into a frenzy. They can't be happy. They can't be attractive or get anything worth S
M mt^ mmt ' ' Wb^Jt B having out of life under such a nervous strain. But relieve them of the painful periods, the suffering m
MHT ss — N ma and agony, the dizziness and continued distress and a little hope and sunshine enters their lives and an M
Hlv JcS!^ " vS£^vaS| *& attractive, hopeful, rosy-cheeked woman is the result This is what p
If X HI WINEo'CARDUI I
m 3*p ' *^T^T / of H .'did for Mrs. Donoho, according to her husband's statement He knows that Wine of Cardui made her %h
¦*^ *¦" */ i| a ' "prettier," rosier-cheeked woman, but she alone knows what it is to be relieved from the terrible B
M N^ / m suffering. The pure Wine will give every suffering woman the same relief. Do you not think it would il
B . '¦ '^>^m^^^y . 11 be worth while for you to take Wine of Cardui and be free of the distress you are unnecessarily suffer- £*
HI i /y^__ la ing now ? There is no question about the relief. Go to your druggist to-day and secure a dollar §1
,81 " ifVv^^^\ ¦ . I k°^ C°* ne of Cardui and take it in your own home. 11
B J Jw r Handley Station, Texas. July I, 1900,
Eg / . A. WV M t I mUst write and thank you for what your Vine of Cardui has done for me. It has given me a beautiful, |/j
Li ¦; - / ; V^VVA Eg 7£& Y l ros y-£k«ked wife. She looked so much younger and prettier that my friends very often ask me, £|
¦: ¦•¦¦.'-,*.. * M Was that your wife who you were with?" When I tell them it was they are torprised, I always tell them fl[
B \¦¦ Wme of Cardui made the change. I expect to keep Wine of Cardui in my house always. V
B lii J. R. DONOHa 1
VHL. mH For adTloe and literature, address , giving symptoms, '• Tbe LadY V Ad-toorr
fflA Department", Tbe Chattanooga Medicine Com^auy, Chattau-xcja. Tena. j^U
Toulon at 7 o'clock yesterday, with all
his vessels except those belonging to Ad
miral Caillard's division. The correspond
ent of the news agency referred to mis
counted the vessels, owing to the dark
ness.
A corrected list of Admiral Caillard's
ships is now published. The list cabled
yesterday was that of his ordinary light
division, but it appears that a special
squadron was formed, composed of the
battleships Gaulois and Charlemagne, the
cruisers Admiral Pothuau, Chansey and
Galilee and two torpedo-boat destroyers of
the Hallabarde type.
NOT TO REDUCE
RANSOM DEMAND
Bandits Still Insist on the
Payment of Full
Amount.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET, N.
W., WASHINGTON. Nov. I.— An indispo
sition continues to be manifested by the
brigands holding Miss Stone to surrender
the woman until they have received the
full amount of the ransom they have de
manded. Despite the arguments used by
the American diplomats and missionaries
who are conducting the negotiations, the
brigands have not reduced the sum th^y
originally fixed nor have they intimaUju
any intention of doing so. It is evident
they believe that it- can be raised, and
having played for a large stake they do
not propose to relinquish a portion of it.
Eddy has been furnished with authority
to pay ov*r to Miss Stone's abductors
$65,000 the moment she is surrendered,- but
through the missionaries he is endeavor
ing to induce them to accept a smaller
sum.
Case Is Very Serious.
CONSTANTINOPLE, Nov. I.— The ne
gotiations with the captors of Miss Ellen
M. Stone, the American missionary, ap
pear to be going on so successfully that
her release seems now to be only a mat
ter of days. So far from there being any
confirmation of the rumors of her death
circulating in the Bulgarian border dis
tricts, it Is said here that another letter
written two days ago has been received
from her.
Later in the day, however, the case of
Miss Stone became more serious. The bri
gands are still holding out for the £25,000
ransom and it is feared that should they
persist in their demand Miss Stone will
have to be sacrificed. Nevertheless t':e
negotiations are still proceeding.
Anxiety prevails this evening at thd
United States Legation, whence there has
been an active exchange of telegrams be
tween Secretary Spencer Eddy and vari
ous points. Eddy to-day had a long con
ference with Sir Nicholas O'Connor, the
British Embassador here, who is actively
assisting in the efforts to bring about Miss
Stone's release.
May Kill the Captive.
SOFIA, Nov. I.— The best method of
transmitting the ransom demanded by the
brigands for the release of Miss Ellen M.
intone, the abducted American missionary,
and of assuring the safety of the captives,
are the matters now engaging the atten
tion of the Samakov missionaries, v.ho
are negotiating with thr kidnapers. It is
felt that unusual precautions are neces
sary in order to safeguard Miss Stone and
the others, as there undoubtedly is dun
g^r that the captives will be murdered
after the ransom is paid.
MRS. McKINLEY'S MINING
COMPANY INCORPORATES
Issues a Million Dollars in Capital
Stock on Property in
Nevada.
PHOENIX. Ariz.. Nov. I.— Articles nf
incorporation of the McKinley Mining
and Smelting Company were filed to-day
with Isaac T. Stoddard, Territorial Secre
tary. The capital stock is $l,000,0n<). Th-?
mine is in Nevada and is the property of
Mrs. William McKinley and sister. Mrs.
Barber. It has been in the Saxton fam
ily for a long lime. The principal places
of business are Canton, Ohio, and Elmira,
N Y. Among the incorporators are Mrs.
Barber. W. Lynch, D. W. Smith and oth
er bankers and lawyers of Canton and
Klmira. Secretary Stoddard is appointed
legal agent.
Although It's Not Christmas,
Yet Christmas is near to the out-of-town
dealer who wants to get the pick of San
Francisco Christmas things. We have the
best lino of Christmas Novelties in this
city. All visitors interested in this line of
beautiful goods are welcome to inspect
them, whether they wish to buy or not.
Sanborn, Vail & Co., 741 Market street. *
¦ m «
Students Destroy an Arch.
MONTREAL, Nov. I.— The big wood
and stucco arch erected at the entrance
to the McGill University grounds in honor
of the Duke of Cornwall and York, was
pulled down last night by several hundred
students. The arch was a reproduction
of the Brandenburg gate in Berlin, and it
was the intention to make it permanent
at a future date. The students say that
no offense was meant to the Duke by the
demolition of the arch. ;
ADVERTISEMENTS. ¦ _ . . . m
SOCIAL POSITION
Makes no Difference. Women are
All Alike. No Matter What Their
Station in Life May Be. All Praise
( Lydia E. Pinkham's t Vegetable
Compound.
If she is one of the favored daughters of wealth, —if she belongs
even to the realm of the " well-to-do/ - or -if she belongs to the un-
numbered thousands who must work in order to live — the story is
just the same ; all suffer from about the same cause, and in tnis suf-
fering "peculiar to women," all reach the same level, arid all are of the
same family.
When a woman is nervous and irritable, head and back acne, feels
tired all the time, loses sleep and appetite, has pains in groins, bearing
down sensation, whites and irregularities, she is not "worn out, but
feels as if she were.
Such symptoms tell her that a womb trouble is imminent, and she
cannot act too promptly if she values her future comfort and happiness.
The experience and testimony of some of the most noted women of
America go to prove, beyond a question, that Lydia E. Pinkham's
Vegetable Compound will correct all such trouble at once by remov-
ing the cause and restoring the organs to a healthy and normal condition.
If in doubt, write Mrs. Pinkham at Lynn, Mass., as thousands do,
Mrs. Pinkham Tells Mrs. Scott How to be Cured.
" Dear Mrs. Pixkham : — I have been for some years a great sufferer and
thought I would write and explain my case to you as you had helped so
many others. Menstruation is irregular and .very painful. I hare suffered
with painful periods for ten years but the pains grow worse as I grow older.
" I suffer most with my back, lower part of abdomen an 1 left side. I have
been flowing all the month and a part of August, not constantly, but will
stop for two or three days and then begin again.
" The doctor says I have misplacement of the womb. I have bearing down
pains when passing urine, and my abdomen is very badly swollen and sore-
Please advise me at your earliest convenience." — Mrs. A. V. Scott, 21 Page St.,
Kingston, Pa. - (Sept. 30. 1900.)
"Dear Mrs. Pixkham: — When I wrote to you asking advice no on»
could describe my suffering. The doctors said I could not be relieved unless
I had an operation performed, but thanks to you and your medicine I got
along without . having the dreaded operation. I have taken ten_ "bottles of
your medicine and am once more well and happy. JLydia E. Pilikliam's
Vegetable Compound is a fine medicine and a God-send to suffering
women. , I trust my letter may be the means of bringing many of my suffer-
ing sisters to accept your kind" aid." — Mrs. A. V. Scott, 21 Page St., Kingston,
Pa. (Jan. 30, 1901.)
Remember Mrs. Pinkham's advice is free, and all sick women
are foolish if they do not ask for it. No other person has such
vast experience, and has helped so many women.
AnAA* REWARD. —We have deposited with tho National City Bank of Lynn. 15000,
«"feSj II which will be paid to an person who can find that the above testimonial letter
¦A IJ Si Mil 3 not geauine, or was published before obtaining the writer's special per.
HrVVwV mission. Lydia E. Pinkham Medicine Co., Lynn, Mm*.
"iELLOW JOURNALIST
PLACED UNDER BONDS
Ex-Governor Altgeld Appears as At
torney for Hearst and His Chi
cago Employes.
CHICAGO. Nov. I.— Judge Hanecy to
day held officers of the Chicago American
in bonds to appear before the court Mon
day next to show CSVM why they shouM
not be punished for alleged contempt of
court. The bond was fixed as follows: S.
S. Carvalho. general manager, and An
drew M. Lawrence, managing editor, $10.
00 each: H. S. Canneld. reporter. $5003,
and John C. S. Hammond, assistant city
editor. $1000.
Former Governor Altgeld. counsel for
the newspaper men. explained to the
court that W. R. Hearst. Homer Daven
port and Clare Briggs. also accused of
contempt through articles, editorials and
cartoons printed in connection with the
People's Gas, Light and Coke Company
case, were out of the State.
Veteran of Trafalgar Bead.
MATTOOX. 111.. WOT. I.— John O'Brien.
108 years of age. a prominent citizen for
many years, is dead at Middlesworth Sta
tion, twenty miles west of this city. Ho
was born in Ireland, went to sea when
nine years of age and served in Nelson's
fleet as powder-monkey at the battle of
Trafalgar. He was in vigorous health un
til four weeks ago,- when he fell and broke
his lez.
CALLAHAN COLLAPSES
IN AN OMAHA COURT
Alleged Accessory to the Kidnapirg
of Cudahy Suffers From Nervous
Strain.
OMAHA. Nov. I.— James Tallahan. 04
trial for perjury in the Cudahy kidnaping
case, gave way this morning to ths
nervous strain under which he has la
bored and had to be removed from tru
courtroom and the session adjourned. The
prisoner has lost considerably in fleah and]
the strain has brought his nervous sys
tem almost to the point of collapse.
Young Cudahy ennrinued his narrative
of the kidnaping to-day, going over the
entire case. The defense on cross-exam
ination tried to show that the boy was
addicted to excessive cigarette smoking
and was therefore unable to give a deaf
version of the kidnaping. Chief Donahue
swore to CaUahan's arrest and the state*
ment that he could prove an alibi. Court
then adjourned until 2 o'clock to-morrow.
Princess Will Be Imprisoned.
CAPETOWN. Nov. i._ The affidavits ot
Cecil Rhodes, repudiating bills aggregat
ing £23.000 drawn in favor of the Princess
Radaiwill tof the German branch of tha
Radziwill family), and purporting to hava
been signed by Rhodes, have arrived here
The Supreme Court has issued a writ of
imprisonment against the Princess on ac
count of a minor debt for £113;EASTERN BELLE IS GUEST OF HONOR AT A TEA.
SOCIETY BUSY PREPARING FOR THE DOLL SHOW
BIG TEA IN HONOR
OF EASTERN GUEST
Miss Bernice Landers Has the Swell Set
Meet Beautiful Elsa Cook, a
Pittsburg Belle.
A MOST delightful tea was the
one given yesterday afternoon
by Miss Bernice Landers in
honor of Miss Elsa Cook of
Pittsburg. The hours of the
tea. -were from 4 till 6 and dur
ing that time fully 200 invited guests
greeted the charming hostess and the
g-uest of honor.
Assisting Miss Landers to receive were
Miss pearl Landers, Miss Cook, Mrs.
Robert. Cook. Miss Theresa Morgan, Miss
Mabel Landers, Miss Marguerita May,
Mrs. Oscar Long. Mrs. Thomas Bishop,
Mrs. Sheffield Sanborn and Miss Bessie
Palme".
Yesterday's tea was the first of a series
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
ANOTHER GERM DESTROYER.
Herpicide Is Death to Dandruff
Germs.
The ;?erm burrows into the scalp. throw-
Ing ur the cuticle in thin scales, called
dandruff, or scurf, and digging at the
root o:f the hair where it saps the hair's
vitality. First comes brittle hair, then
rles6 and deadlike hair, then falling
hair, and finally baldness. Nine-tenths of
c hair troubles are caused by dandruff.
ithout dandruff hair will rrow luxuri-
antly, as nature intended. "Herpicide"
kill* the dandruff germ, leaving the hair
to prow unhampered, as it does with the
Ajßitrioan red man.
of functions the Landers have planned to
take place in their new home, 2400 Broad
way. At the tea yesterday a new depart
ure was made. Absolutely no decorations
were used.
Miss Landers wore an exquisite gown
of pale lavender crape trimmed with
cream lace.
Miss rook, who, by the way, is one of
the very prettiest (?irls in the Society Flo
rodora Sextet, looked extremely pretty in
a cream silk gown elaborately trimmed in
lace.
Charitable Organizations Enriched
The will of R. E. Voigt, who died Oc
tober 27, 1901, was filed yesterday. The
document disposes of an estate of $33,000
in cash, consisting as follows:
To Mrb. Ellen McKee of Alameda,
$5000; $1000 each to the German General
Benevolent Society, the San Francisco
Protestant Orphan Asylum, the Ladies'
Protective and Relief Society of San
Francisco and the Boys' and Girls' Aid
Society of San Francisco.
The residue is bequeathed to nephews
and nieces residing in Mexico.
Golden Jubilee Fair a Success.
Because of the immense crowd that has
nightly frequented the Golden Jubilee
Fair at the San Francisco Turn Verein
Hall the management has been forced to
adopt a policy of expansion. On the upper
floor the library- room has been added to
St. Pauli, while on the lower part of the
house the basement has been transformed
into Auerbach's cellar. To-night an ex
cellent musical programme will be ren
dered by the following clubs: Alpenroesle,
Walhalla, Harmonle, San Francisco
Operatic Society and Professor Clark6on's
Mandolin and Guitar Club.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 2, 1901.
CHARMING MATRONS REPRESENTATIVE OF THE MOST EXCLUSIVE SOCIAL CIRCLE WHO HAVE SECURED
BOXES AND HAVE SIGNIFIED THEIR INTENTION OF ATTENDING THE DOCTOR'S DAUGHTERS' DOLL
SHOW TO BE HELD AT THE PALACE ON FRIDAY AND SATURDAY NEXT.
ELECTRIC LIGHTS WILL BLAZE
IN THE WONDERFUL DOLL HOUSE
Sawdust Lady's Mansion Boasts of All the Latest Modern Improve
ments and Is to Be Furnished in Fashion Worthy of
Even the First Doll in the Land.
THE last nail has been driven
into chat wonderful doll's house
that is sure to be one of the most
interesting features of the forth
coming doll show. For three
whole weeks carpenters were kept busy
with the miniature mansion, and yester
day the painter and frescoer and paper
hanger took possession of the doll resi
dence and will keep steadily at work at
it until the house is painted and papered
throughout. Tf the D. D.'s want to have
that house ready and in place on the day
the show opens they will have to impress
upon their workmen that they have no
time to lose. The house has ye*- to be
wired throughout. There are eight rooms
to be carpeted and furnished, a no small
task, for each room is to be different in
style and epoch.
FISH-PACKING FIRM
SITED BY STOCKHOLDER
James Craig Asks That Hume Bros*.
& Hume Be Restrained From
Fulfilling Contract.
James Craig, a stockholder in the firm
of Hume Brothers & Hume, fish packers,
filed a suit yesterday for an Injunction
to restrain the directors of the corpora
tion from consummating a deal whereby
the property of the incorporation is dis
posed of to the Pacific Packing and Navi
gation Company.
Craig alleges that the outstanding in
debtedness of the first-named firm at
the time the contract was made was in
excess of $280,000 and that the amount the
terms of the contract provided should be
accepted for the property was not in ex
cess of the debt.
He alleges that the proposed contract is
subversive of the purposes for which the
firm of Hume Brothers & Hume was in
corporated, in that it contemplates the
cessation of canning and packing of fish
and the substitution therefor of a busi
ness which consisted solely of the holding
of the capital stock of another corpora
tion.
He claims that conveyances to the prop
erty should be deposited In escrow with
the Canadian Bank of Commerce and
should be held until three-fourths of the
capital stock of the firm of Hume Broth
ers & Hume should be deposited in the
bank.
He prays the court to rescind the con
tract and to issue an order compelling the
return of the property disposed of and
for an order enjoining the bank from pay
ing over moneys.
Cnristmas Holidays in Mexico.
Southern Pacific special train leaves San
Francieco December 18, Los Angeles De
cember 13, reaching Mexico in time for
the holiday celebrations. Round trip, San
Francisco $80, Los Angeles $70. I'ersonally
conducted. Dining-car, Pullmar sleepers
Limit sixty days. Low side-trip rates'
Optional Itineraries. Make reservations
613 Market street, San Francisco; 261 South
Ssrinsr street, Los Angeles.
SALLY SHARP
There is not one modern improvement
that will be fcund lacking in the doll
house. It is to be all illuminated by elec
tricity and the plumbing is to be of the;
latest and most approved of sanitary
plumbing. The bathroom is all tiled and
contains a magnificent porcelain tub. I
have r.ot yet seen the house, but am told
that there is running water in all th>?
bedrooms, a luxury heretofore never
heard of in any sawdust lady's home.
Miss McMillan's and Mrs. Bryan's call
for suitable articles for the fish pond and
grab-bag has been most generously re
sponded to. In anticipation of the extend
ed business they are bound to do they
have secured the following ladles to as
sist them In the work: The Misses Cliiff,
Miss Marie Wells, Miss Marie Sweet, Mrs.
Rupert Blue, Miss Mabel Toy, Mrs. C. W.
Slack, Mrs. J. Alva Wa*t, Miss Agnes
Simpson, Miss Maud Simpson, Miss Elsio
LADIES' TAILORING HOUSE
YIELDS LARGE PROFITS
Mrs, Bowhay Claims It Pays $1500
Monthly and Her Husband
Says $700.
The attorneys for Margaret May Bow
hay, who is suing A. L. Bowhay, the
ladies' tailor at 516 Sutter St., for divorce
for cruelty, were denied an order yester
day directing Mrs. Bowhay to assume the
management of the business by Judge
Sloss. An exception was taken to the
ruling by her attorneys and ' the court
was notified that a bill of exceptions
would be filed within ten days.
Neither of the parties to the suit was
present in court and the attorneys pre
sented affidavits in support of their
client's claims.
Mrs. Bowhay claims that the ladies'
tailoring establishment was her property;
that her husband was in her employ when
she married him and that since the com
mencement of the action for divorce the
business was going to ruin because she
was not directing it. She also claims that
the profits amount to $1500 monthly.
Bowhay. in his affidavit, admitted that
half of the business was his wife's, but
placed the profits at only $700. He denied
that the business was retrograding and
said he was doing the work of two men
in order to keep it up.
In the motion for the granting of the
order made in behalf of the wife an ap
plication for $500 alimony, pendente lite,
and for counsel fees was incorporporated.
This was also refused, but the Judge cer
tified to his willingness to listen to a
plea for alimony, provided it was made
a separate cause of action.
Molding*! Moldings! Moldings!
The finest Eastern and local made pic
ture frame moldings ever shown In San
Francisco. ' "Values without precedent. We
have just received fifty-one cases of the
very newest things In moldings, ' which
we make up in frames at very low prices.
Sanborn, Vail & Co., 741 Market street. •
¦? ¦ ,
Never ask a favor of a man a quarter
of an hour before dinner.
Fairchild, Mis<? Gertrude Dutton, Mi=3
Mamie Polhemos and Miss Laura Tayloi*.
The salable dolls are coming in thicks
and fast. Some magnificently gowned
bisque beauties have been donated by
Schoerwasser, Newman & Levinson. Mag
nin, the Bon Marche and Wallace. A.l
contributors to the salable dolls' counter
are requested to send their dolls to Mrs.
Frank Bates, -'.'32 Clay street.
Mrs. E. J. McCutcheon bought a second
box for the show yesterday, which makes
the thirty-seventh box sold.
* * *
A formal reception ¦will be given to-day
at Stanford University In honor of Mrs.
Leland Stanford. The reception will bo
given in the large chatroom in Encina
Hall. Preparations for the event, which
Is to be a most elaborate one. are being
looked after by the university faculty.
FREAK ADVERTISING BILL
GOES BACK TO THE BOARD
Supervisors' Judiciary Committee Re
ports on the Measure Without
Any Recommendation.
Supervisor Charles Wesley Reed ap
peared before the Supervisors' Judiciary
Committee yesterday to urge the passage
of a new ordinance prohibiting freak ad
vertising. The old measure was declared
invalid by a Police Court Judge because a
proviso permitted certain advertising by
beneficial organizations. Reed argued
that the proviso invalidated the whole or
dinace, but Brandensteln held differently.
The committee finally decided to return
the bill to the board without recommenda
tion.
The claim of the Stetson-Renner Dray
ing Company for $118 for damages sus
tained by the destruction of three punch
eons of wine during the strike was re
jected, as there is no fund to pay it. It is
probable that a suit will be commenced.
The City Attorney was instructed to be
gin suits of ejectment against those ille
gally holding possession of lands situated
in the bed of the old Mission Creek. The
Board of Works was directed to fence in
the lands so as to take possession on be
half of the city. The land is described as
Mission blocks 1746 and the middle of Mfb
sion Creek.
In the Divorce Court.
Suits for divorce were filed yesterday
by Barti Martlliano against Lena P. Mar
tiliano for desertion, Lena N. Wolf,
against E. A. Wolf for cruelty and Alice
G. Green against Charles E. Green for
cruelty. Decrees of divorce were granted
to Julius Falbe from Hazel Falbe for cru
elty and Felicia Rees from Harry L. Rees
for infidelity. Dr. B. H. Baumelster, who
runs a drugstore at the corner of Twenty
fourth and Dolores streets, was granted
a divorce from Wilhelmina Baumeister
for desertion. Mrs. Baumelster, who filed
a cross-complaint alleging cruelty on the
part of her husband, withdrew her com
plaint, and th-2 couple having fettled the
question of property rights out of court
the decree was granted as prayed for by
Dr. Baumeister.
VEREIN EINTRACHT
WILL CELEBRATE
An Entertainment and Ball Will Mark Its
Thirty-Fourth Anniversary.
f | Verein Eintracht of San
Francisco will celebrate its
thirty-fourth anniversary to-
B morrow evening with a grand
ball and entertainment in the
society's newly renovated hall, 232
Twelfth street, near Folsom. .
President John Hermann of the Verein
Eintracht has been ably assisted by the
officers and members of the society, who
have had the details of the celebration m
charge, and the occasion is likely to be
long remembered by all who participate.
The guests will assemble at the hall to
morrow evening at 8 o'clock and the en
tire building will be inspected. A feature
of the decorations is the electric light de
vices. After the inspection, the members
and their friends ¦will meet in the large
hall, where the singing section will ren
der the "welcome song."
A grand tableau will then be shown,
consisting of the singing section, the
turner section and the sharpshooters, all
of whom will be grouped on the platform.
The sections will be garbed in distinctive
costumes. August Klein will be in charge
of the singing section, W. Scheppler will
lead the "turners," and Captain Fred
Kuhls, who was president of the recent
National Bundes Schuetzen Fest, will be
ASSOCIATED CHARITIES
WAHN BENEVOLENT PUBLIC
Solicitors With Proper Credentials
Should Alone Be Recognized
When Aid Is Requested.
The fortnightly meeting of the Asso
ciated Charities was held yesterday after
noon at the rooms of the society, 601 Com
mercial street.
A report was also made to the society
of the arrest of "Marie Smith," who is
supposed to be a "charity faker" and who
is thought to have collected many hun
dreds of dollars from the business com
munity, presumably for the Little Sisters'
Infant Shelter.
The officers of the Associated Charities
desire to warn the charitable public
against men and women who fraudulently
collect aid for charities, and that no
money or goods should be given to solicit
ors unless they are able to present proper
credentials.
FIRE DEPARTMENT PROMOTIONS.—Cap
tain Michael Bowden of No. 2 engine-house has
been transferred to No. 4. M. O'Brien, captain
of No. 1 chemical engine, took his place and
Nelson Matheson has been promoted to captaiu
of chemical engine No. 1.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
• 'H"I i¦i-i-i-i-i-r-x-i-i-i-i-i-ii ¦i-i-i-i-i-r-x-i-i-i-i-i-i. I.m i-i- i-r--r--i •r»i--i»i-i-i'-£--i"i"i--i-i- 111 1 h-h-h-i-h-i
t THE
| SAN FBANCISCO BLUE BOOK
j* . The fashionable Private Address Di-
v. rectory, now being compiled for the
: Season 1901-190:2.
1 ¦[
• . This year's edition will embrace in departments San Francisco. Oakland. Ala-
•-• meda, Berkeley, San Rafael. Sausalito. Sacramento. Stockton. San Jose. San Mateo
• • Buriingarne, Palo Alto. Los Angeles, San Diego. Army and Navy, Personnel of th«
. Press. Theater Diagrams. San Francisco Calling List by Streets: Membership with
. . addresses of all the clubs; Winter Guests at the Leading Hotels. San Francisco Streec
. and Avenue Guide, Street Car Routes. Shopping Guide, . etc.. etc. The Alphabetical
',' .Jlst will contain the names, addresses, reception days, private telephones and coun-
* iry residences of thy most prominent families. The compilation printing, binding
'[ .\ paper and art work will be the very best in quality, workmanship • and carefui
• scrutiny. The large ¦ advance subscription list already secured attests the growing
•popularity of this publication, and in this connection we have th« highest indorse-
•{• ment of the most prominent business houses by their patronage in advertisements.
I . - Address all changes in address, etc., to
ri. : -V " Telephone West 33Q.
% CHARLES C. HOAG,
x
X , .Editor and Publisher*
I :2;25 Post St, . . San Francisco.
• ¦I"H"K"H"I' ; 111 lItIIt I M 'I i..H..r..H-H..H.v.H-1-H !¦¦!¦ MII I : I M-H
at the head of the sharpshooters. At the
close of the tableau President John Her
mann will deliver the address of the even
ing.
Eight members of the Verein Eintracht
will present the pantomime. "The White
Statue." which has been carefully re
hearsed under the direction of Caspar El
lenberger. This number will terminate
the entertainment programme and the
members and their friends will then en
joy the pleasures of dancing.
The Verein Eintracht now numbers 700
members, representative of all classes of
German-American citizens. In social,
beneficial and athletic matters the society
ranks as one of the most powerful of ita
kind in the country.
Those who have charge of the celebra
tion are as follows:
John Hermann, president; Otto Ludwig-. vice
president ; Frank Huber. treasurer; Caspar
Miller, financial secretary; C. yon Hartwlg.
corresponding secretary. Committee of ar
rangements— Adolph Wlrtner, John Loeffler
William ScheDDler.
Reception committee— August Klein, C. yon
Hartwig and Robert Scheel.
Floor manager— Caspar Ellenberg*!-. Assist
ant floor managers— A. Freund and L. Schep
pler. Floor committee— J. Hartmanshenn,
Chris Goldzene and Gus Audlbert.
Committee at large— X. Suchrstedt. Louis
Scheib, J. Dusard, Charles Wedemeier, Fred
Schneegass. Caspar Miller, J. Johnaen. J
Beck and J. Rhein.
ROBERTSON RAFT COMPANY
LOSES SUIT FOR DAMAGES
Judge De Haven Renders Judgment
in Favor of the Owners of the
Steamer Czarina.
The Robertson Raft Company "goes
hence" without damages, according to the
decision of United States District Judga
de Haven yesterday. The company had
libeled the steamer Czarina for the loss of
a portion of a log raft which was being
towed from Seattle to San Franciaco. Thd
hawser connecting the raft with the
steamer broke during the night whe.i
within two clays' voyage of San Francisco
and some of the lumber was lost. The li
belant placed the value of the lumber at
$8400. for which sum and for the service-*
of tugs employed by the libelant in recov
ering the raft damages were demanded.
Judge de Haven found that under ths
contract the Czarina people had not con
tracted to deliver the raft at San Fran
cisco, but to do their best to tow it to thlj
port.
Virginia has more educated negroes
than any other State !n the South In
which disfranchisement for race reasons
has been adopted or proposed.
910
JOCKEYS WILL SPORT SILK AT THE OPENING TO-DAY OF THE WINTER SEASON'S RACING
GREAT FIELD
IN HANDICAP.
Cracks of the East Will
Measure Strides With
the Local Sprinters
THE fall and winter racing season
of 1901-^2 will be Inaugurated at
Oakland track this afternoon
under the regime of the New Cali
fornia Jockey Club. Turfmen
from every point of the universe are here;
the greatest stables of America will be
represented; a fortnight more and all of
the crack jockeys of the East and West
will be- sporting colors. Layers of odds
nre in plenty, and nothing but sue-
cess can be predicted for the meeting.
With the hundreds of thoroughbreds
that have been ready for the government
test a full week or more at the track over
the bay, it was fully expected the card
for the opening day would be a stunning
one. There is no disappointment on that
score, for it surpasses all predecessors.
By dropping down the scale of weights in
the rich Opening handicap J. W. Brooks
has furnished an exceedingly perplexing
problem. Between fast workouts and
figures that never lie the "mysterious
students of the midnight oil" were divided
last night between Autolight. Nones, Fa
yonius, Obia, Sir Hampton, Hagerdon and
Rio Shannon. This is encouraging and
makes it look an easy thing to guess.
For a time there will be one temporary
setback, and one that will be impossible
to remedy until the close of the Eastern
racing season. Jockeys will be a scarcer
article than automobiles on the park
speedway- that is, fashionable ones. Win
nie O Connor is due to arrive on Tuesday
next. He will be followed by Bullman,
Spencer, Cochran, Wenderly, Winkneld,
Turner and others of the smart set. Until
then Ruiz, Hoar, Romero, See, Burlin
game, Johnny Woods. J. T. Woods. J
Ransch and Stuart will shine as stars of
the silken colors. All are good riders,
especially Johnny Woods and J. Ransch
but as yet have failed to hit the $15,000
notch. Ransch was considered about the
best light-weight on the Chicago tracks,
and Woods returns wonderfully improved
it is claimed. '
In the judges' stand Joseph A. Murphy
of St. Louis will preside, but his associate,
E. C. Hopper, will not be here until next
•week. Jake Holtman, whose work bor
dered on the marvelous at the Chicago
tracks, will occupy the starter's box.
Yielding to the wishes of both the public
arid horsemen in general, the Jockey club
officials decided to abolish the recall flag
C. H. 1 ! I*lll.1 * 111 . presiding steward of
the New California Jockey Club, arrived
from New York last night. The veteran
turfman is deservedly popular with horse
men the country over and his presence
will add greatly to the morale of the
eport.
According to the present outlook It
would look as if fully fifteen bookmakers
will display prices in the betting ring, be
t-ides two field and a combination book
In turf quarters last nlght_the following
firms were mentioned as almost sure to
cut In: Caesar Young, Jim Davis, Willie
Sink, E. T. Martin, Barnett & Co., D
Mitchell, Jack Atkin, Joe Rose, Johnny
Coleman and Hughev Jones.
Jack Newman, the well-known St.
Louie plunger and owner, sot off the
overland at Oakland mole. Jack says
Herman Hoffman will be out this way in
ebout a week to book. Paul Hoffman
goes to try the game at New Orleans.
General Manager Price said yesterday
that bids for the field book privilege
would be received for one week. In the
Interim the association will run the
books.
Nearly all six of the events present
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB OFFICIALS AND THE HIGHEST CLASS HORSE NOW IN TRAINING.
large fields, with an unusually large con
signment of strangers. For a time
f< i"*" 111 be sil «Ply guesswork, as cli
matic changes sometime play havoc with
jQ^ crn " d °Pe." The entries are as fol-
To-Day's Entries.
First race— lnaugural dash, three-year-olds,
five and a half furlong*.
KM Nam G lo2j 2485 Articulate Itf
¦•¦ Iclc le 102 i 2601 Prejudice 107
2414 Frank Bell ....117! 2662 Meehanus i;o
M Yellow Tail ...110'. .... School for
... Tower of Can- Scandal 107
«o „ dles 1121 •••• Scorpla 117
2610 Doublet 117 .... Sharp Bird ...,U'O
212. Joe Frey n;
.Second race— Three-year-olds and up, selling,
three-quarters mile.
1335 Panamint 112 f 2613 Einstein 109
... Strongoli 109; 2610 Alas IC9
MX Mood* 103 2578 Bonitary 104
... Bedner 107 2705 Mike Strauss. ..lo9
26W5 Nellie Forrest.. 104 2687 Vantine 109
2708 Gold Baron ...H/& 2759 Lou Clieveden.. lo9
2664 Cath. 8rav0.... 104
Third race— Two-year-olds, purse, futurity
course.
2758 Sllva Cruz U3' 2700 Louwelsea 115
2638 Waterscratch .1151 Flourish 110
... Pirate Maid.... 110 | 2704 Botany liy
— Landseer H5 ; .... Magi IJS
— Homestead \U \
Fourth race— Three-year-olds and up, seven
eighths mile.
.. Ben Ledi 112 2268 Koenigr 112
2593 Gibraltar 115 .... Col Ballantyne.llo
2761 Eonic 107 2652 Coming Event.. 112
2587 Position H2 26*3 Gusto 115
2493 Goldone 115 1417 Lodestar . 112
8763 Mike Rice 112 2327 Impromptu ....110
Fifth race— Opening handicap, three-year
olds and up, one mile.
1993 Janice 106 Rushflelds 103
... Varro KO: 2521 Rosormonde .. 101
2610 Hagerdon 106 ! .... Icicle 95
258 Morinel 95 Autolight 103
Nones 110 2703 Sir Hampton ..107
2637 Byron Rose ...101 2143 Bangor 98
2725 Flush of Gold..K>7 .... Obia 101
2600 Rio Shannon ..108, 1928 Favonius 112
Sixth race— Three-year-olds and up, one ai:',
a sixteenth miles.
2560 Ping 107 2754 Lizzella .109
2757 Miss Vera 107 2640 Torsida .... 109
2689 Decoy 107 2758 Grady Kig
2642 Whaleback ....105 2348 Sea Lion 116
2761 Castake 11l ¦ 2235 Bonnie Lissak 100
2589 Mont Eagle ...MS 2322 Tony Lepping 108
2694 Galanthus 100 ' 2323 Free Lance 102
Probable Winners.
First race— Tower cf Candles, School for
Scandal, Icicle.
Second race— Bedner, Vantlne, Panamint.
Third race— Magi, Londseer. Homestead.
Fourth race— Eonlc, Goldone, Impromptu.
Fifth race— Favonius, Ryan stable.
Sixth race— Miss Vera, Castake, Ldzzella,
Special Rates
For side rides to points on the Santa Fe.
Open to holders of Episcopal Church Con
vention tickets, friends accompanying
and holders of nine months' excursion
tickets. Dates of gale, September Uto
November 10. Inclusive. Limit 30 days.
For timetables, descriptive literature and
full information call at Santa Fe offices,
641 Market st.. and ferry depot.
GATEL-Y HELD TO ANSWER.-William
Gately, boatman and ex-Assemblyman, was
held yesterday to answer, by United States
Commissioner Manley. for boarding the ship
Lady Wentworth without permission of the
Federal quarantine officer.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 2, 1901.
HORSES WHICH WILL START IN THE OPENING HANDICAP
HORSE. Age Wt Pedigree. Onuer. Jockey.
I — ¦
Favonins 5 112 Klnglike-Favonla J Barns & Waterhouse. . J. Moods
Xones 3 110 Sir Dixon-Amy Davenport IP. Ryan
Rio Shannon 4 108 El Rio Rey-SeMie HnmpUreyi . .. J. Coltey Fauntleroy
Sir Hampton 4 107 Watercress-Lizzie Hampton George Miller J. Matthews
Flush of Gold 4 107 Royal Flash-Gold Cap. ...• Owen Brothers Hoar
Janlce 3 lOC Midlothian-Rosette G.B.Morris
Hagerdon 4 iO o Esher-Lady Richmond H. L. Frank H. Vitta\oe
AntollßTht 3 103 Antocrat-Sllver Light G. B. Morris Stuart
Rushflelds a 103 Sanford-Georgie M W. H. Ketcheman
Obia 3 101 Pardee-Day Dream P.Ryan
Byron Rose 3 lO i Ducat-Rose of Magenta Ray Wilson
Rosormonde 0 101 Ormonde-Fairy" Rose J. Given*
Varro 3 100 Pardee- Julia Mogee . ; G. W. Miller
Bangror 5 O g Belvldere-Zara Burns * AVaterhouse . . Rnnsch
Icicle 3 95 Hanover-Theora P. Ryan
Morlnel « 05 Morello-Sunllt M. Storn
FIN-KEEL YACHT
WILL BE TESTED
Crowninshield Boat of the
Independence Type Is to
Try for Challenge Cup
Despite the heavy rain which fell last
Saturday night the dance of the San
Francisco Yacht Club at Sausalito was
quite successful and well attended. It was
the last social event of the yachting sea
son. The fleet of the San Francisco Yacht
Club is now scattered in various places
in winter quarters. Commodore W. N. Mc-
Carthy's schooner Ramona being almost
the only boat now at anchor off the club
house.
The Crowninshield-designed yacht which
is being built for the San Francisco Yacht
Club was to have been completed on Octo
ber 26, but the builders asked for twenty
more days, in which time it is expected
that she will be launched. Her sails havo
been in this city for some weeks and will
be bent as soon as the boat is ready A
crew of members of the San Francisco
Yacht Club will then be made up to try
the sailing qualities of the boat. She is of
a type almost new to this bay, the sloops
Doris II and Discovery being the only
ftnkeel craft hore. She is of the sam»
general type as Crownlnshield's Independ"
ence and Is expected to win the Perpetual
Challence cup, now held by the Corin
thian sloop Presto, next year. After she
has been tried she will be laid up for the
winter, either to the north of the ferry
slip, on the ways at Benlcia or on thf
beach at Old Sausalito.
FAST GREYHOUNDS
MAY BE MATCHED
D. J. Healey Endeavoring to
Bring Sisquoc and Beacon
Together at Union Park
D. J. Healey, the Petaluma coursing
man, thinks he has in Sisquoc the fastest
greyhound in America. He makes this
declaiation, having in mind the defeat of
the crack from his kennel by A. R. Cur
tis' great blue dog Beacon in the John
Grace cup stakes. He offers to place $100
in a sweepstakes, the owner of Beacon lo
put up a like amount. The management
of Union C -ursing Park has offered to add
$50. It only remains for Mr. Curtis to de
clare himself in and the match will be
complete.
In the John Grace cup, which Beacon
won, Sisquoc ran like a champion until
just before the semi-finals. In this he
and Charta were slipped to a hare which
ran them foriSver three minutes. Sisquoc
won by a score of 28 to 12. In the next
round he met Beacon and suffered defeat.
It is to wipe out this, if posr.-ible, that his
owner seeks the proposed match. If ar
ranged it will be best two out of three
courses.
James Sweeney has returned with the
Pasha Kennel dogs from the meetings at
Madison, S. D., St. Louis, Mo., and
Friend, Nebr. Rural Artist and Rocker
are in good shape and will start this week.
The open stake will be run down once
to-day at Union Park, leaving the re
maining rounds and all the special stake
for to-morrow's card.
OLYMPIC TO MEET
RELIANCE ELEVEN
Athletic Club Teams Will
Play Thanksgiving Day on
Sixteenth-Street Grounds
The Thanksgiving day football game
this year v.ill be between the teams rep
resenting Olympic and Reliance Athlet.c
clubs.
For a time it seemed there would be no
game on the day which for many years
.past has been marked by the annual meet
ing of the rival college teams in this city.
The Olympic Club uirectors clinched the
matter last night and tne men will resume
practice at once. The choice of the Olym
pians lay between the Oregon Indians and
Kelianct. Ihey wisely cnose the latte*
and more formidable team.
It is expected each team will be
strengthened by the addition of some of
the men who will represent Berkeley and
Stanford one week from to-day in the in
tercollegiate game.
For the first time since IS% the Olympic
Club assumes the expenses of the team
flying the winged "O." The colleges, find
ing it necessary to have outside teams
which will afford their men practice be
fore the big game, have guaranteed the
expenses each year of two teams. The
necessary practice having been obtained
the guarantee lapses. The Olympic direc
tors at their meeting last night assumed
these obligations when the collegians
abandoned thorn.
Both teams have played some good
games this; year and much interest cen
ters around their meeting.
STANFORD MEN GROW JUBILANT;
BERKELEY ADMIRERS ARE GLUM
Cardinal Team Gains in Speed and Offensive Work,
While Blue and Gold Eleven Is Reported in an
Unsatisfactory Condition From Various Causes
BERKELEY. Nov. 1.-With but a
week's time before the intercoi
legiate game California's eleven
is still In an unsatisfactory con
dition: The work of the team as
a whole has not come up to the expecta-
tions of its supporters, nor has the eleven
reached the degree of proficiency Its
coaching would seem to warrant. Condi
dons have bear, against California. From
the start there has been a lack of mate
rial, and this scarcity of players has been
augmented by a series of unfortunate ac
cidents and deliberate desertions from the
ranks. At present the squad is made up
of but thirty men, and on occasions it
has been reduced by temporary accidents
to barely two elevens. Such circum
stances are discouraging alike to players
and coaches.
California's eleven weighs under the
average. It will not reach Stanford's
weight by nearly ten pounds to the man.
This is a condition that cannot be helped,
but the team's lack of aggressiveness as
a unit is something which will tend to
ward defeat unless overcome. Not that
aggressiveness is an unknown quantity
to the team, for the men have shown In
past games that they can be aggressive
if they will. There are individual men
who crash into opposing lines with all the
spirit and determination that any man
could have.
Several men have already secured their
positions beyond a doubt, but other places
are being contested for in a manner which
will puzzle the coaches to pick the suc
cessful candidate. Particularly is this
true at quarterback, where two men of
practically equal but different kinds of
ability are opposed to each other.
Barring accidents Gendotti will play
center. Early in the season he had More
head, the freshman, as an opponent of
ability, but a dislocated shoulder put
Morehead out, leaving the present center
the only available candidate. Gendotti
is light for the position, weighing only
165 pounds. Ht is a good player for hi
weight and is given credit for trying
hard. Overall at right guard is big and
strong and has all the physical requisites
His steady an 1 reliable playing could be
improved by more aggressiveness. His
punting has oeen good, and during the
past few games he has averaged forty
yards. In spite of much practice his place
kicking has not improved like his punting
nor as it should. His position on the
team is assured. Stow at left guard has
been handicapped by a bad shoulder His
playing., however, has been a disappoint
ment in all games which have been held
this year. His strength and experience
would seem co warrant better support
than he has given the team. .- **
Larry O'Toole had a splendid chance to
make left guard, but recently he hand* l
in his suit and left the field! Hendrick^
is a steady sub-guard. Lack of we slit
and strength are against him. Stroud is
a heavy freshman who is coming toth*
front for guard. He played center on his
team this year, and was being tried out
for that position on the varsity when th
coaches shifted him to sub-guard OW ne
to the scarcity of material there stToud
th a e n ya S rsYy hanCe ° beatln * St ™ °" 'or
Albertson has his place at left tackle
safe He is not a brilliant player but ft
.steady and uses his brain to good II
vantage. He In particularly useful wh^n
it comes to interfering for Mini to the^t
ter's runs. His work is of a faithf »i J , *
and his interference is performed "Th
discretion. Harden and &aly Tre trv7n~
out for tackle. The latter Is the heavie?
man and is a fast runner, but he faVk£
determination. He has d avert «,,k f I
and sub-fullback f or two yel£* sub-end
stands a good chance of making tackle
A few weeks ago Womble was shlftVd
h 6 ta nUi yS po^mon C Vh here >, WaS '"turned to
for two purposes-one to ree p - a Worb Ile1 le
STANFORD UNIVERSITY,
I.— That the cardinal elev
gainingr the much desired spee>l
was evidenced by their work
against Reliance last Saturday.
In practice during the week the big team
has made a better showing than at any
time this season. Their offense is faster
and the defensive work is fair, although
there is still considerable room lot im
provement. Couch Fickert expresses him
self as well satisfied with the play of
the big eleven, but oomplains of tne lack
of second eleven material which is so
necessary in order to develop the varsit>,
especially In their defense,
.However, the second eleven, although
there axe not many players from which
to^hooae it, is a strong aggregation and
has shown well in the practice this week,
even holding the varsity on downs on
several occasions. Butterfleld, who hai
been playing half anc. end on the second
eleven, has shown a remarkable Knactc
in breaking through the varsity and
tackling benind the line. If he can keep
up the improvement .n his game he wi I
give someoody a hard tight tor the va
cancy at right end. Several of the fresh
men have come out on the field and have
been lining up on the second, notably
Sefton, Paul Tarpey Barteli. Monzingo
and Van Sickle. Either Parker or Ken
nedy, who have been alternating at full
back's position on the second eleven, wu!
make a good substitute full should Slaked
not last through the big game.
The greatest tlrawtack in the cardinal
line-up at present is the lack of good men
at the ends' positions The loss of Boren.
who was looked upon as a fixture at iett
end. has materially weakened the team
and Stanford's chances on November 9. as
California's specialty appears to be end
running. Cooper ha 3 returned to the
"grid" and is lining up regularly at right
end, but the condition of his spranied ankle
will not allow rim to play his usual fas;
game. Clark, Kuhn and FreshmajQ Tar
pey seem to be in the lead for the pos.
tion at the opposite end of the line. Luck.
Sefton, Preston, W. Dole and Wilbur ara
also fighting hard for the position.
In Traeger and McFadden the cardinal
has two tackles that would be hard to im
prove on. McFadden advances the ball
as well as Traeger. although this Is b-.tf
first year at tackle's position. "Bill's '
place kicking, nowever. makes him th*
most valuable man on the eleven, with
the possible exception of Raitt. Hauver
man at center is aggressive and has i
little the better of the fight, but Lee i.»
a close second At guard Barnhisel an 1
Thompson seem slated for the intercolle
giate game. Uoosevelt of Lake Forest
is playing a hard game at guard, arul
will undoubtedly be substitute guana it
he does not succeed :n beating one of th.«
other men out for the position on the var
sity.
The game to-morrow with the Univer
sity of Nevada eleven should serve as a
criterion for judging the comparative
strength of Stanford and California.
There is not nearly the feeling of confi
dence among the cardinal "rooters" in re
gard to the outcome of the big game on
November 9 that there was earlier in the
season. The line-up to-morrow will be
practically the same as it was in Urn
game with Reliance— center, Hauverman,
guards, Barnhisel and Thompson: tackles!
Traeger and McFadden; quarterback
RaTtf; halves. Fisher and Hill; fullback.'
Slaker, and at ends several men will g >
in at different Intervals. Cooper ani
Clark probably at the besrinning. It is
not expected that the varsity will be able
to run up a larger score against the sage
brush eleven than did California, judging
from the victory of the Nevadans over
Reliance and the ahowing the clubmen
have made against the cardinal eleven.
from getting stale at end and the other
to scare Whipple into working hard for
half. Womble' s play improved after the
change, although old-tlmera who have
watched his work since he made the var
sity in his freshman year declare that he
is not up to the form he displayed during
his second season for California. His
work, although high in standard, lacks
the grit of Womble of old.
There comes a story from Stanford that
Womble is a marked man. For real or
fancied wrongs which Womble has done
Stanford men in p:*st games the present
team, so the story goes. j s determined not
to let him play out the first half. Stan
ford has always held a grudge against
Womble since Murphy, the Palo Alto ido!
played with a broken rib, for the cardinal
men have claimed that Womble played
bad ball against Murphy. Berkeleyanu
have always deniel the charge, but the
prejudice against Womble was never ef
faced.
Hudson has been playing at both left
end and quarter and may play either in
the big game, although the latter position
will more likely f;ill to him. Star-
Dibblee put up practically equal ball at
end. Both are light. Dibblee plays hard,
but a wrenched knee has put him from
the field and 'is likely to keep him out of
the game. Starr's sin Is loafing-. His play
is fierce when he gets at it. Buchanan
was a promising end candidate when ill
ness, caused by an injury, took him from
the gridiron. Williams, on the second
eleven. Is a good end man, considering his
light weight.
Who wjjl play quarter is a puzzling
question. More and Hudson are the
candidates. More played last year at
quarter and Hudson at end. Hudson is
the stronger man of the two and
passes the ball better. Hudson's fn
backing up the line, while More's 3trong
point is playing to the back field and in
running in punts. The question to a cer
tain extent resolves itself into -whether
the team needs a good man in the back
field or a strong nan to brace up the line
in defensive work. Should Hudson play.
Mini will go to th^ back field. Mini La
tioned at left half and la likely to remain
He starts fast, bucks low and Is gui
take an opening. His light wetght is
against him. Duden will play fullback
if mishaps do nor keep n!m off the sjri.i
iron. Early in the season h
three weeks with a sprained ankl
one week with blrod-poisonlng in thr-
The last two weeks he has been handi
capped with a mi.scle bruise on the i
and on Tuesday he twisted his no
such an extent that he had to lea\
game. If he is not able to work up in
time More, the candidate fof quarter, w'M
play at full. More plays hard and is a ca
pable man at full, but his weight is again '
ajralnst him.
Whippie and Sherman are struggling for
right half. The former is the heavier 4
man. and when he makes up his mind tt*
bucks hard. He is apt to shy and do*s
not handle punts any too well. Sherman
runs in punts well, and his ru
through a scattered field is first rate. H
doesn't get agairst the line hard enougn
and is not as consistent as Whippl*.JEFFRIES WILL COMPLETE HIS PREPARATION IN RELIANCE CLUB GYMNASIUM, OAKLAND
WILL THUS AFFORD HIS MANY ADMIRERS
AN OPPORTUNITY TO NOTE HIS CONDITION
With Practical Jokes on Friends, the Champion Is
Passing His Time Pleasantly at Harbin Springs,
Meanwhile Building Up His Great Muscles
t jr ARBIN SPRINGS. Nov. 1.-Jef
|== I fries decided to-day to finish his
training ct Oakland. He will
_L J. Kave for that city a week be
fore the fight and will work in
the gymnasium of the Reliance Athletic
He -feels he owes his friends this
¦:-. modsuion. He has always prepared
¦ if in Oakland whenever he fought
¦ Francisco and feels it will do him
pood to go there for a few days. A great
of his personal friends in Oakland
:c:nity arc anxious to see what con
:. the big fellow is in and he will m£-
the opportunity.
•r-pion said he felt lazy yester-
I the amount of work he did is
ieation of slothfulness, other pugil
ie drones. He thought his ap
' ailing him and took a twenty
mile jaunt over the hills for an appetizer.
He ate a hearty meal, but this is nothing
unusual for him. After his first meal he
his pet hound baying in the hills
he yelled that the dog had another
treed. Without a moment's hesita
tion he called i r volunteers and many re-
LcmL Brother Jack carried a gun. Bob
rong hoisted an ax on his shoulder
Jtff carried a sack to bring the
-.! home alive. A few newspaper men
followed to see the sport. The climb was
;. on*-. Every one in the party, with
the exception of the champion, was blow
ing before half the ascent was made.
Jet', took the lead and his strong legs
ed him up to the summit. The bal
ance of the party wtre willing to sit down
¦ ait for his report. He soon return
ed with the information that the dogs
were off chasing a deer.
A game of baseball was arranged later
ace. every gxiest in the hotel took part.
Th« day wag delightfully warm and many
were willing to quit in half an hour. The
big fellow get a terrific pace and enjoyed
himself hugely.
Jeffries Boxes With Armstrong.
.¦ • moon Jeff put on his
p> nnasium costume and announced that
I tig to box. This was sad news
to Armstrong and Brother Jack, as they
Itßtw what was in store for them, Jim
his arm was again in good shape
nought he would have no more both
• r with it. He was a trifle nervous of
meeting with an accident, as there was a
man on hand who has been with Jeff
e\ery time he hurt himself. When Jeff
splintered the bone of 1 his left arm
g with the medicine ball he was
present, aad so in nearly every instance.
Fortune, however, smiled on Jim this
tiir e and !.• nugh his work with
out receiving a scratch.
Bret boxed with Armstrong. Neither
man spared the other's feelings. They
went at it in brisk fashion and the on
lookers were treated tv some fast boxing.
Armstrong weighg 307 pounds and is some
"ttJl pumpkins ' himi^lf when it comes
to the fistic game. Long before he joined
Jeffries' training staff he fought ten
¦ champion in New York
managed to stay the distance. And
way.
A n :¦ ature about Jeff's boxing
was the fact thai he discarded the
crouch. It is true at times he would
co^'er himself by bending forward and
poking his lpft far out, but most of the
rime he was upright and seemed to do
He showed his tremendous
strength by the manner in which he
heavy sparring partner around,
ughed it. Armstrong landed some
Jeffs stomach, but thi«
did not stop the champion. He was al
ways boring in and would take a blow
for the sake of landing a pet blow. Near
.'>se of the fourth round Jeff told
Armstrong had an
ment of blows up his sleeve and he
¦;. Ho slammed Jeff hard, but Jim
and showed his teeth. Just
Eagan, who was? timer,
•-d the end of the round, Bob
¦: Jpff prettily with his right. Jim's
Reiff Wins Two Races.
•.'.'MARKET, Nov. L— Russell Brown
(J. Relff) won the flying handicap plate,
distance five furlongs, at the Newmarket
Houghton meeting to-day. Mountain
Daisy (Jenkins) won a free handicap, six
furlongs. Teetotum (J. Reiff) won the
Criterion Nursery handicap, distance six
furlGngs. - • •/* '
Pears'
the soap which began its
sale in the 18th century,
sold all through the 19th
and is selling in the 20th.
Sells all orer the world.
head rocked but he was there for more.
While Jim was taking a minute's rest,
Bob, breathless and perspiring, went to
his corner and sat down. He was glad
it was over.
Jeff said he felt lazy to-day and Bob
responded that he could not prove it by
him. • •
"It is hard work following a man
around," said Jeff, and Armstrong re
plied with a broad grin: "It's just as
hard work running away."
Brother Jack then went four lively
rounds with Jeff. Brotherly feeling was
cast to the winds. They hammered each
other in good fashion. The champion
landed a stiff one on Jacks neck that
-early closed the game for the afternoon.
During the boxing the champion breathed
freely. He has a habit of pursing his lips
and making a whistling noise with his
mouth that always shows his breathing
is not labored. .-..*—*_ ~ ¦
Condition of the Champion.
Jeff is in condition to enter the ring at
a moment's notice. He is fit to go any
distance at a terrific pace. He is strong,
Trained to the hour and extremely fast
for a big man. Jeff will not say that he
is going to adopt other than a crouching
position when he fights Ruhlin. It is
second nature for him to bend low and
then launch his heavy blows. As soon as
Gus, or in fact any other man, goes after
him he drops back into the crouching
position for which he is noted, and when
he rises a trifle to send in a blow some
thing is sure to drop.
Although perspiring freely, Jeff was not
tired after his boxing. He attacked the
bag with renewed vigor and for ten min
utes made the sounding board thunder
.with his heavy blows. The rowing ma
chine caught his eye at this time and he
spurted a couple of miles. A brisk rub
down ended his day's work. He then
started out looking for fun, and he found
it at the expense of his training mates.
Dr. C. A. Clinton, the San Francisco
physician, is staying at the springs. He
will make a thorough examination of the
champion to-morrow for The Call.
Practical Jokes of the Boxers.
Jeffries, Colonel Fulton J. Berry of
Fresno and Brother Jack enjoyed a hearty
laugh at the expense of Al Hall and wife
who are rusticating at the springs. The
couple were put visiting and Jeff and his
assistants led a goat and a mule into the
back parlor of their cottage. An " arm
ful of hay was thrown on the bed for the
long-eared brute and some of Hall's old
clothes were handed over to the goat. A
pair of boxing gloves were tied around
the horns of the goat so he would not in
jure the mule, and both animals were left
there. hen the couple returned home
and found their cozy cottage turned into
a stable they became angry, but when
they saw they were victims of a joke they
vowed to have revenge.
Armstrong, the colored heavyweight is
the comedian of the camp. He is a droll
fellow and has a smile like a slice out of
a piece of watermelon. Bob thinks he is
a great hunter, but time has shown he
would starve- if he depended upon his own
skill for food. He has gone after quail
every day but has never bagged any Jeff
decided to have some fun with his spar
ring partner. He borrowed a stuffed deer
from Proprietor Hayes and planted it
upon the hill in plain sight of the hotel
Every one was on to the joke but Arm
strong. W hen he discovered "the animal
browsing on the hillside he let out a veil
that could have been heard a mile down
the valley, He rushed to his quarters and
picked up one of the champion's guns and
without waiting to get nearer fired at the
deer. At that moment Jeff pulled a lon*
rope and the deer toppled over. Bob con
gratulated himself upon his great shot
and yelled that he had killed l the pronged
animal. He then gathered all the dogs ho
could and climbed the steep grade to view
h *s P 2 %« Imagine his disappointment
when he discovered he had been hoax,d
Despite the joshing he received Arm
strong prided himself on being the best
shot in the vicinity. He has* accented
Students at Grand Opera-House.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Nov. I —
Treasurer Edwards of the Associated Stu
dents has bought the entire seating ca
pacity of the Grand Opera-house for the
night of November 9 and will make that
theater the Stanford house for the night
Walter E. Perkins will star in "The Man
From Mexico" and the Stanford Univer
sity Glee and Mandolin clubs will appear
as additional attractions. The football
team and a large crowd of cardinal root
acts WlTirW I TirL IV , c \ up v the ln , tervals between
acts. Tickets for the performance will be
will under student bo( management and
W i .beP'aced on sale at Sherman &
Clay's, ban Francisco, to-morrow.
Stanford Will Entertain Nevada.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Nov. 1.-
President McCormick of the Associated
Students has appointed the following stu
dent committee to arrange for the enter
tainment of the University of Nevada
football team during their stay on the
campus: J. W. Cameron, L. C. Hawley,
E. D. Lyman, E. M. Chadbourne R.
Lockey Jr., chairman. The Nevadans will
be entertained at a "jolly-up" in Encina
Hall to-morrow night
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 2, 1901.
CHARACTERISTIC POSES OF THE TWO HEAVY-WEIGHT BOXERS
WHO ARE BENDING EVERY ENERGY TO BE IN THE PINK OF
CONDITION WHEN THEY MEET TWO WEEKS HENCE
DUCKS ARE SHY
ON THE MARSHES
All the Conditions Seemed
Favorable Last Week, but
Birds Had Disappeared
The sport last Sunday on the preserves
of the various gun clubs, whose members
are eager for duck shooting, did not reach
the expected proportions. Saturday night
was stormy and visions of game bags
filled to the limit allowed by law lulled
the gunmen to sleep.
When morning came there was hardly a
duck to be seen and a disappointed crowd
returned that evening from the marshes
An explanation was sought and the con
clusion was reached that the rain had
formed fresh water ponds in the interior,
which attracted all the birds. The latter
are reported in millions on the Yolo
County bottoms near Davisville, Rio
Visto and Sacramento.
The flight of northern birds has com
menced in earnest, as blackjack and
widgeon, both northern birds, are already
becoming plentiful.
Some members of the Spooney Gun Club
Phil Bekeart, L. R. Darzalere, George
Morse and Mr. Guyatt, secured forty-one
birds among them. Sunday.
Otto Feudner shot near Mount Eden as
the guest of Dr. Bell, but saw few birds
on which to test his skill.
Dalton Harrison, F. H. Bushnell, A. M.
Cummings, A. F. Hopke and J. J. Wirt
ner shot over the Field and Tule Club pre
serves at Cordelia on Wednesday.
Donald McLea, John Lemmer and Fred
Johnson have found some good shooting
recently near Antioch.
Jerry Johnson, Bert Patrick and Tom
Deffenbach have had several successful
days after quail on the Marin County Gun
Club preserve recently.
Despiro Wants Investigation.
Captain Seymour received a letter yes
terday from Robert Despiro, shoe mer
chant, Cripple Creek, Colo., expressing
his surprise at his wife's condition and
asking that a thorough investigation be
made. His wife, Ruth Despiro, aroused a
great deal of sympathy recently in bein*
taken to the Receiving Hospital in a
starving condition.
RUHLIN SEEKS DIVERSION FROM TRAINING
AND FINDS IT IN NOVEL OCCUPATION
SEASON OF GOLF
PROMISES WELL
Recent Rains Have Placed
the Presidio Course In
Good Condition for Play
The prospect for a lively and active
winter golf season is good. The golfers
gathered in the San Francisco Club house
last Saturday were more numerous and
enthusiastic than on any previous open
ing day.
Some of the players were considerably
interfered with by the heavy rain but
more than thirty completed the qualify
ing round for the Council's cup contest
and for the handicap match play tourna
ment. The eight lowest gross scorers will
be entitled to play in the competition for
the Council's cup, which will not begin
until the handicap tournament is dis
posed of.
The opening match play round of the
handicap tournament takes place to-day
the sixteen who made the lowest net
scores last Saturday being entitled to
play. The handicapping has been done on
a new basis. Each player will receive
three-fourths of the handicap he had in
the qualifying round. The smaller handi
cap will be subtracted from the hisrher
the player with the small handicap play
ing from scratch and the other receiving
the difference between the two handicaps
The sixteen contestants and their handi
caps on the three-fourths basis are a<»
follows:
H. C. Golcher (3) vs. George B. Cookaev n\-
C. W. Winslow (7V4) vs. John La wson (scratch) '
J. S. Severance (13%) vs. 6. L. Abbott Jrf3 :
J. H. Mcc (V&) vb. R. Oilman Brown (to- w
J. Dutton (13%) vs. W. H. La Boyteaux mT) :
J. W. Byrne (1&> vs. Leonard ChWiery (&)•
Warren Gregory U%) vs. Dr. T. G. McConkev
aw. Rolla V. Watt (12) vs. Captain D j
Rumbaugh (6). '
Golcher will play from scratch and
Cooksey will receive six strokes the
strokes being taken at particular holes
according to the table of handicaps pre
pared by the tournament committee
which consists of H. C. Golcher Andrew
Carrigan and J. S. Severance. The rain
that fell last Saturday has had the effect
of softening the Presidio course, which is
in good condition for play.
AMATEUR BOXERS
IN ROUGH BOUTS
Give and Take Hard Knocks
in the Roped Ring of San
Francisco Athletic Club
Ed Martin won a well earned decision
over Billy Ingham in four fast rounds at
the San Francisco Athletic Club's month
ly boxing bouts which were decided last
night in the Sixth-street gymnasium. The
bout was the event of the evening. At
the sound of the gong Martin went at his
man and some lively slugging ensued.
Ingham bored in often, but Martin met
him with straight lefts in the face and
soon had him in dizzy atmosphere. He
led often and landed hard on Ir.gham's
face. The second round was a repetition
of the first, Martin landing jolt after Jolt
on Ingham 's body and face.
When they came up for the final round
Martin, who was the better ring general,
drew Ingham out by clever feinting and
sent hard Jolts to the jaw. Both mixed it
willingly, but Martin's well directed lefts
and rights put him on Easy street.
Pete Carroll and Joe Crowell boxed a
good draw. J. Fairbanks and Kid Parker
furnished an excKing contest. In the first
two rounds they fought cautiously, but in
the third round Parker sent a right cross
cunter to Fairbanks' point and he wob
bled to the floor. When he got up Parker
shot a left to his stomach, which put him
on the mat again for the count. Fair
baiiks was game, however, and in a mix
up he caught Parker on the jaw and sent
him down. The crowd yelled itself hoarse
as the two feather-weights kept each
other on the floor alternately. In the last
round both scored several knockdowns
and the Judges declared the bout a draw.
Al Whiteman and Ed McQuaid boxed so
evenly the judges ordered another round.
They declared it a draw. The bout sched
uled between Joe King and Hugh Friel
was declared off .because Friel failed to
pass the doctor's examination, and King
was pitted against Pete McGee. McGee
scared King out of his wits by hitting
with one hand free in the clinches and he
quit in the second round. Referee Alec
Greggains ordered King out of the ring.
Joe Rix, who proved himself a clever
lightweight novice, knocked out Ed
Schneider in the second round. Charles
Peterson pummeled Alec Roy and his sec
onds threw up the sponge in the second
round.
Estee Must Pay Note.
Judge Hunt yesterday rendered a ver
dict in favor of the plaintiff in the suit
instituted by Isaac Trumbo against M. M.
Estee for $5000, the face value of a promi3
sory note executed by Estee in October
1897, and for $2460 interest. The defensi
set up the plea that the statute of limita
tion prevented the collection of the note,
bxit it was proven by Trumbo's counsel
that Estee had at the time the note was
made waived the statute, with the under
standing that he was to render legal ser
vices in return for the amount of the
note.
Cyclist Wells Seriously 111.
Charles S. "Wells of this city, at one
time one of the most representative cycle
racing men in America, is reported dan
gerously ill in New York. Advices re
ceived by friends in this city are to the
effect that his brother, who went to New
York to bring him home, found him too
weak to be moved. The trouble is said to
be in his lungs.
TENNIS PLAYERS
SHOW ACTIVITY
Throng Local Club Courts
to Compete in Friendly
Rivalry or Special Games
Tennis at present is experiencing a
boom that has never been equaled since
its introduction on the coast. The short
ening days have heretofore been respon
sible for a decided falling off in the at
tendance on the local courts, but this
year the courts are crowded both morn
ing and afternoon. Many new players
have joined the ranks lately. The ma
jority of them are promising.
Some of the new men who are expected
to develop into good players in a short
time are J. Gibson Gorham, H. Schmidt.
Hugh Hume and Judges Sloss and Kerri
gan.
During the last two years few ladies
have played on the local courts, but of
late they have been taking up the game.
At present there are some promising lady
players in the California Club who prac
tice almost every day. The ladies who
are showing the most improvement are-
Misses Whitney, Smith, Giesting, Hawes,
Mills, Meyer and Mrs. Older. Mis 3 Laura
Farnsworth, who was formerly one of the
best lady players of the California Club,
has taken up her racket again and is fasc
regaining her former skill.
Charles Kuehn, the winner of the third
class, caused a genuine surprise last Sun
day by carrying off the honors in the class
singles tournament. His chances for first
prize were not considered good, but he
won by good, steady play, aided by a
liberal handicap. Kuehn seemed to make
but little headway when he commenced
playing, but has shown considerable im
provement of late.
H. E. Routh. by winning the singles
tournament held on the Golden Gate Park
courts last Sunday, becomes the first
champion of the park. None of the Cali
fornia Club cracks entered. Routh had
little difficulty in winning. Dunlap,
Routh's partner in doubles, is said to be
more skillful than the champion, but was
unable to take part. G. K. Bates, Routh's
opponent in the finals, played a good
game, but lacked the latter's experience.
The California Club will hold a handicap
doubles tournament for the Davis cups
to-morrow. The holder? of the cups are
the Smith brothers. Grant Smith has
won the cups twice with Cornell as a
partner, and will therefore play with him
Sunday. Collier and Crowell will prob
ably be the only scratch team. Many new
teams composed of young players will
enter. These teams are: Schmidt and Gib
son, Kuehn and Erskine, Strmgham and
Salisbury.
On Wednesday afternoon there will be
a mixed doubles tournament on the Cali
fornia courts.
li&vigne and Hea^erty Matched.
George Lavigne and Tim Heagerty
signed articles last night for a twenty
round boxing bout before the Acme Club
of Oakland on December 10. The men will
weigh in at 130 pounds at 3 o'clock on tv«
day of the fight.
It Isn't True
That pretty pictures are expensive. With
one of our new Premo, Poco or Eastman
Cameras you can. at a little cost, collect
views that will be more precious as
souvenirs than the most costly master
pieces. Sanborn, Vail & Co., 741 Market •
Builds a Road for His
Trainer, Charlie Goff,
to Latter's Surprise
OUS RUHLIN has shown a fond
ness for marked diversion in his
training. Gus is a crank on the
subject of novelty and yesterday
afternoon, instead of working
himself all out in the gymnasium, he
climbed to the top of the Six-Mile House
hill and essayed the role of rock breaker
and road builder in one. In this capacity
Ruhlin displayed strength that was sim
ply marvelous.
Charlie Goff, one of Ruhlina .rainers,
lives with relatives at the top of the hill.
In winter the road to Goff's house be
comes so muddy as to be practically im
passable. After dinner yesterday Goff
mentioned the inconvenience a spell of
wet weather caused himself and family
and spoke of hiring men to build an ave
nue from the main road to his house
"Say, Charlie, I'll build that read for
you if you promise to run with me every
morning for a week,' said Ruhiin
"You're on," chirped Gotf. thinking
Ruhlin was joking; but Gus. who had
been in the neighborhood the previous
day, had sized up the situation and knew
just how to go about it. At the top of
the hill is a rock nuarry owned by a man
named Tom Riley, a good-natured Irish
man, who is in for any kind of a lark
Ruhlin started toward the nuarry, fol
lowed by Goff and Denver Kil Martin
both of whom were laughing at the big
fellow s determination to build a road.
"He doesn't know what, kini^of a job he'a
tackling," said Goff t'> the colored boxer
"Why, it would take two men win wheel
barrows hauling rock all day to pile uj>
enough rock to bulk! the road."
Whpn Ruhlin arrived at the quarry ha
was met by the affable owner of the rock
pile. Gus told Riley he wanted to break
some rock and haul it away and the
irishman smiled knowingly at Goff and
Martin and. pointing to the hillside, tol.i
Ruhlin to go ahead. Ruhlin secured a bia
sledgehammer and went at the rock pile
as it it were so much glass. He pounded
ternhc blows on the body of rock and
each time he crumbled as much as would
a piledriver. After a half hour's har-1
work, during which time the spectators at
tracted to the scene were amazed at Huh
lins wonderful strength. there was
enough rock on the ground to build two
roads to GolTshoiM* Then Ruhlin
treated Goff and Martin to the surprise ol
the day.
"Wait till I got dis yere wheelbarrow,
Gus, laughed Martin, making a :nove to
ward a nearby wheelbarrow. "Wheelbar
row nothing." answered Ruhlin, with a
disdainful smiie, 'Tin going to take aii
this rock in one load, and i'm zoin* to
use that big cart."
So Gus went over and took hold of the
ponderous cart and placed it against the
rock pile asi if it were a toy. '
The big Akron boxer shoveled the rocks
into the dump cart and then coolly pickW
up the shafts and pushed the ca
Goff's house. The feat was a wonderful
show of strength. Ruhltn's muscles
strained and quivered under the ponder
ous weight, but he was easily equal to the
test. Ruhlin intends to m.-.ke «ood his
boast and finish the road on his return
from Redwood, where he goes this after
noon. Gus will box with Joe McAuliffa
at the opening of the latter' a gymnasium
to-night at Redwood, and Sunday he will
walk back to his training quarters, a dis
tance of about twenty miles. Ruhlln fig
ures that when a man is in shape for a
tight trips of this kind do him more good
than two days' regular routine.
Ruhlin took his eight-mile spin as usual
yesterday morning, and fan the afternoon
spent an hour in the gymnasium.
Henry Blanken says Ruhiin Is the most
useful man about the house that ever
appeared there in the role of a tighter.
"He can cut more wood in a minjte than
a hired man can in a week," .sail Henry
yesterday. "Ail I have to do is to tell
Gus the woodpile is getting low ar.u he is
out of bed in the morning before we're
up and by breakfast time he has enough
cut to last a week. Since ¦ iown
here I haven't given a woedenopper a
job."
OARTERSVILLE. I .-. I.— Will
Jackson, a negro, wad hanged her« to
day for assault. A mixed assemblage of
nearly 2000, including the victim and bar
husband, witnessed the execution.
112
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Coal in Jargci- receipt.
Bank of England advances its rate of discount to 4 per cent.
Silver continues to rise slozvly.
Sterling Exchange rather firmer. Domestic Exchange unchanged.
Wheat quiet and easy. Barley steady.
Fine seed demand for Oat*. Corn tending downward.
Germany short 7~ : ooo,ooo bushels of Rye.
All Fcedstu.it s weak, and Corn products lower.
Hay easy, but no lower. Bran in heavy receipt.
Beans stil! firm and in demand.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs about as before quoted-
A car of Eastern Cranberries arrived.
Xo further nn.es in Dried Fruits.
Provisions generally weak, but me lozver.
Meat market as previously quoted.
Poultry and Game about as before.
Ko particular change in Fresh Fruits.
Onions Urm. Potatoes in larger receipt.
Business dull in local Stocks and Bonds.
Lumber trade reported in good condition.
Stocks of Grain.
Produce Exchange Grain Inspector Steller
report* stocks of grain on wharf and in ware
bouse November 1 as follows, In tons:
Wheat. ' Barley.
Port Costa. Oct. 1 73,135 52,870
Port Costa. Nov. 1 (56,539 48.322
Stockton Oct. 1 60.104 26.265
Stockton, Nov. 1 64.955 IS 503
City. Oct. 1 1,134 5,279
City. Nov. 1 826 3.469
Oats. Corn. Bran.
October 1 460S 139 S3
November 1 7280 220 423
Receipts in October were 63,440 tons barley,
7678 tons oats, 355 tons corn and 26S9.tons bran.
The Lumber Market.
Pacific Coast Wood and Iron says:
"Never before during the last few years" his
tory has the lumber trade enjoyed such a
leign of prosperity as during the last month.
Orders have been plentiful, while the quota
tions are encouraging from every standpoint.
The manufacturers and dealers— wholesale, job
. bing and retail— have had about all the busi
ness they could satisfactorily attend to. Red
wood and pine have equally shared in the
general Improvement In business and the mills
all over the coast, especially in California,
, have been rushed to fill the orders from for
eign and domestic sources.
"During the month the redwood manufac
turers have placed their base prices up a
trifle and the prospects point toward a fur
ther rise In the next fortnight. This Is a
vise movement and shows the education going
or. in the appreciation of what stani the man
ufacturers should take regarding their output.
Redwood and pine have been selling at too
1 m prices and the conditions of ade have
demanded these lower rates. All this is now
changed and the dealers demand better quota
tions. Contractors and builders are not cb-
Jectlr.g to the advance dot I.* the consumer,
lor the betterment of the general commercial
end industrial trade conditions admits of the
Improvement of realty even if construction
prices are higher. The consumer is getting
better rrices for his on goods and so can
aJlurd to stand better quotations affecting JTis
city and country real estate improvements."
Weather Report.
a2<Kh Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. l. 1901—5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date as compared with those of same date but
season and rainfalls in the last twenty-four
hours:
Last This Last
Stations — 24 Hours. Season. Season
Eureka 04 6.7S 7 55
Red Bluff 00 3.y0 3.C5
Sacramento 00 l.itn 1 32
San Francisco ; On 1.42 1.85
Fresno 00 1.13 0.49
Independence 00 107 0.84
San Luis Obispo 00 2.56 1.93
Los Angeles 00 2.00 0^26
San Diego 00 0.34 0.30
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature.
64: minimum. El; mean. SS.
The following maximum and minimum tem
peratures were reported from Eastern ttaUo'is:
Boston. 70-s<>; Cincinnati 74-54; Washington
58-54; Jacksonville. 72-64: New York •> ."• K:n -
¦as City. G4-4S: Omaha. «4-44; Duluth 52-30;
•alt Lake City, SC-3(i; Chicago. 64-40; St." Louis.
74-52; Philadelphia, CS-54
= 2 2 "3 z- -
5 ** --3- S. * 2* S3
" Ifi FiSf %If
STATIONS. ?:3: ==. 3 5 ?~
Astoria 30.20 52 44 NW Pt Cldy .82
Baker 30.12 48 44 M Snow ' T
Carson 50.04 CS 30 SVY Cloudy .Ot
Eureka. 30.24 56 4S N It Cldy .04
Fresno 38.02 74 48 NW Clear .00
Flagstaff.. 30/i8 CO 28 S\V Clear .CO
Pocatello. 1dah0.. .2?. 90 60 36 SW Cloudy .0*
Independence ..20.P0 70 44 SE Clear 0)
Los Angelas 29. 0S 70 50 W Clear O-'i
Phoenix VS.VH 76 52 TV Clear .00
Portland 30.22 52 48 N Cloudy .00
Red Bluff 30.02 70 46 H Pt CM .00
Roseburg r,n.?.0 56 50 W i- Idy .Of.
Sacramento 30.02 70 46 X Cloudy 00
Salt Lake 2094 62 36 NW. Clear .00
San Francisco 30.04 64 62 W Cloudy .03
San Luis 0b15p0... 30.04 66 44 N Clear 00
San Diego 30.04 66 52 W Clear .00
Sr-att.e r.0.16 50 44 E Clear " £G
Spokane 30.00 50 40 SW Pt Cldy .00
Near, Bay 30.1t GO 42 W Clear .14
Walla Walla 80.10 »4 44 SW Cloudy .00
Wlnnemucca 25.90 CO 28 SW Cloudy .00
Tuma 3.88 M 4<i SW Clear .00
Temperature— 7 a. m., r.2 degrees.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
f FORECAST
The storm over Alberta has moved rapidly
southeastward and is now over Wyoming. The
pressure had fallen rapidly over Utah. Wyo
ming and Colorado and has risen rapidly on the
Pacific Coast from Cape Mendocino northward
There has been a sharp drop In temperature
over Washington and Oregon. Snow is falling
at Baker City.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours endlnp midnight. November 2, 1901 :
Northern California— Cloudy, cooler Saturday;
fresh northerly winds.
Southern California— Fair Saturday; light
northerly winds.
Nevada— cooler Saturday; light south
erly, changing to fresh northerly, winds.
San Francisco and Vicinity— Cloudy/ cooler
Saturday; fresh northerly wlrxls.
ALEXANDER McADIE,
Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
.Yrzc York Stock Market.
NEW YORK, Xov. 1 — The prevailing unset
tlement of speculative sentiment was well il
lustrated by the widely diverse oriinion ex
pressed as to the effect of the renewal of
Government bond purchases by the treasury.
The wavering sentiment shifted somewhat to
the optimist side late in the day, when it be
came known that the offering? of bonds at
the sub-treasury already amounted to $1.:
thus promifinK considerable relief to the :
market. It v.af> urged this morning that the
action of the Secretary of the Treasury might
be taktn as a warning of stringent mun^
ditiene to come, and it was also argued that
the release of treasury funds would simply
ivn« to facilitate the exports of cold. The
closing of the London and Paris exchanges to
day iterved to obscure somewhat the qu<
of the foreign situation and gave opportunity
for a number of favorable Influences, a few
storks show strong- gains and the leaders in
activity are a p«int above yesterday In a num
ber of csiseg. Baltimore and Ohio was con
spicuous in the late dealings and it rose 2\
¦without definite news. Pennsylvania had tji<»
benefit nf the extra dividend declared, thu*
making the return to stockholders 6 per cent
for the ea!endar year, or the same as last
year. The preliminary figures of the movement
A disclosed the fact that the current of
the interior movement has turned toward New
York, 'he net gain as a result of express ship
ments amounting to $1,830.85 E. The statement
of cub-treasury operations Includes in Its net
result the payments on gold account at Pacific
Coast points, the transfers of currency through
that institution and the withdrawals of gold
for export which effect a loss to the hanks j
of $3,925,000. The loss In cash by the banks '
on all accounts seems, therefore, to be some- I
thing over $2,000,000 for the week. The easy
condition of the money market" and the action
of the stock market is a pretty clear intimation
of strength by the banks, so that there may be
changes In the loan item to offset the cash
loss. There was a number of conspicuous
movements in less prominent stocks. Minne
apolis, St. Paul and Sault Ste. Marie rose 4.
Pieire Marquette 4. New York, Chicago and
St. Louis first preferred 3's, Glucose 2"&, Na
tional Salt preferred and New Central Coal
Company and Wells-Fareo 5. Northern Pa
cific preferred gained 2 and Great Northern j
preferred l»i. The local tractions were strong
and th? Southern railway stock?, Louisville i
and Nashville. New York Central. Hocking Val- !
ley and the stocks of car companies showed ¦
strength. Sugar was heavy on the cut In !
price by a competitor. Evansviile and .Terre j
Haute dropped « points. !
Railroad bonds were quite active. Total i
sales JS.SW.OOO.
United States 3s advanced U. registered 2s |
and old 4? \ and the new 4s ] a per cent from i
the last call.
NEW" YORK SXOCK LIST.
Sales. High. Low. Close.
Atchison j>,aju io?* 7<si 78*
Atchison pfd 1.01..1 »m m* 0 " 4
Baltimore & Onlo 35,390 10S;~ I<J&* Wsi,
Baltimore <v <julo pfd.. sj-j M m M '
Canadian CaCUM: i.m» Ul% nuvi lii , '
Canada Southern MM bii m M? j
Cht-saptake & Ohio .... 2,<00 4i> s 4»' 2 4iV)> I
Chicago A Alton 1,400 3ti>s •£>•, 36', |
Cbica«o <t Alton ptd wo ',; 7i ; .
Chicago Ind A: Louis 2, n.j il' /t «,>4 41
Chicnco ir.d cc I. pM 7114 !
Chicago & Eastern ill 124
Chi- -a to Ac Gt Western.*. SM 20 1 ,j t& 'Jo i
Chgo a: (it West A [.id.. MM *<¦)» tl >i'j
ChKO &Gt West IS p:u.. zw o'J',» 4.< i. 2 4y „ '
Chicago a: Northwest.. 4" i';. •-, "oj 2w> " ¦
Chgo ilOCfc 1.-l & i'ac-... i,5'J« 144: 14,5 v.,' 2 |
Chicago Term «* Tran -jjo. \
Chgo Term & T ptd 4'M S7^i Z'iha S< " '¦
CC* Si Louis boa :-.' . g ',<.¦¦¦ oa» 4 j
Colorado BouUtern o')-< li; a IS** l*»- •
Col Southern Ist ;n'd.. MM ii% 52% 00^ I
Col Southern 2d. p:d . „ 24 "' i
Delaware & Hudson ... 5,4'W 174 • 17:T»s 173^ !
Del Lack & West m iJ», _¦»¦•, 238^ •
Denver & Rio Grande... 4'>> 45 44 44^4 i
D«-n &- Kiq Urande pfd.. s"i a2»i 92 S2i t 1
Erie EM U% 41% 41»4 ¦
Erie Ist pfd 30« 7" 70 70 i
Erie Id ptd 20U "56^ aij'^ 56i, '
Grtat Northern pid i.4* is.., 4 133i 4 183*^ ;
Hocking Valley I.MB 07 50 b6\ 1
Hocking Va.lty pfJ 700 "i 6% ',6^ 701,, i
Illinois Central l,l(h> 12»£ las 139 i
leva Central 4,11 3
lowa Central pfd ... Sutf 77 1 . 77^ 771.
Lake Erie & Western 1,300' 72>, 2 TlV* 1%
L»: & IVestrn pfd 100 134 134 131 '
Louisville & Nashville. 10.500 104% IGSVi 104!, i
Manhattan L 18,300 12;-, T » 122», 123% i
Metropolitan St Ry..... 2,200 155** 1547g 155>~
Mexican Central SOU -si 22 l:_',
Mexican National 100 IX% i:> ! * 13'
Minn &St Louis 490 110 -K'Ji-. 10SH ¦
Missouri Pacific 8,400 9S 1 !* 17^ ..-.., j
BtbMourl Kan & Texas.... M 2".-., 2oiJ 2l\ I
Missouri Kan & T pfd. IN oOV oO'ii i,i '',
New Jersey Central ¦ 174j '
New York Central .... 4.500 159 15&H 159 £
Norfolk & Western a, 100 "7 .".¦,' 2 Z6'k ;
Not-folk & Western pfd. 100 90 SO KH* i
Northern Pacific pfd... S,3ii(t 105% li'3»4 10:. 1
Ontario & Western .... 1,400 34»* M% 34^4 i
Pennsylvania 56.7iHj 14'^ 4 146 145,4 !
Reading 11,400 43% 42H li : i
Reading Ist pfd 400 77» 17% 77' i ;
Reading 2d pfd 3,700 S»V« U% 54»4 I
St L & San Francisco... 400 42 42 4" 1
St L & 8 Fran Ist pfd. 100 78 78 77
St L& S Fran 2d pM... 100 67 67 67
St Ix»ul<! Southwestern 26 :
St L Southwestern pfd. 200 Efi 1 ,* 0614 OS% '
I,- ?. aul i ¦ •¦• n.«M 169% 16S7^ 169 % !
St. Paul pfd 100 18»\4 189IJ 189 !
Southern Pacific :. 14.: I 60' i r.9U 60U
Southern Railway 2T..400 33V4 32% 33
Southern Railway pfd.. 6.6T0" 8854 85% SSV4 :
Texas & Pacific 800 39«, i 39 3ST6
Toledo St L & West ai 3 ? :
Toledo St l& W pfd ' ' " 34% j
Union Pacific 2S.l<*) 101% 100% 101 »i i
Union Paciru pfd 700 a SS»i 8.1% >
Vn^ •"='! •¦¦ • BSB 20% 20 30% j
abash r< " ........ "° 3 r,.y t s6vi 36%
VI heeling & Lake Erie. 100 17»i ITU 17>4 I
Whoelin X 4- LE M pfd ' Jgi2 I
Wisconsin Central 700 21,1 20% 20%
Wirconsin Central pfd.. 300 4iu, MV 41
Express Companies—
Adams ..... .... i<y)
American ' "" '["." ¦,'(,¦>
United States [*'" jg
Wells Farro sit 1?o" 176" 170
Miscellaneous —
A pa ma ted Copper.... 16.400 M% "5% MM '
Am Car & Foundry 2 Tin M 25 2iVi
Am Cm- & Found 1 rd... NO M 80% RO'A
American Linseed Oil is '
Am Unseed Oil pfd '. ... 1
Am Smeltlnn & Ref 3.CriO i[ii, ins. 41 :
Am Smelt A- Ref pfd. 700 !>G " S">V4 9"i'4
Anaconda Mining C 0.... SOO 3314 35 351^ I
Brooklyn Rapid Transit 13.600 63' i «l% 63
Colorado Fuel & Iron 53
Conpolidated Gas 700 214 213'/. 21">U !
Cont Tobacco pfd 200 115 115 " 114U
General Electric 200 25*% 258 25314
Glucose Surar 3,100 40% :)9i/ 2 40H
Hocking Coal 300 15 14% J414
International Pajjer .... 400 20 T » 20 20\i
International Paper pfd coo 76^ 76 76
International Power ... 200 88V4 VM 88Vi
Lacledc Gas ' Em!
National Biscuit "'" 42 "
National Lead 600 21 20« 20 x i
National Salt ' 31*
National Salt pfd 600 70 ' 76" 66
North American 95
Pacific Coast . 60
Pacific Mail ]no 43»; 43»£ 44
People's Gas 7,300 104 : i 103% 103U
Pressed Steel Car 4,300 A 2%' 41'/, 4244
Pressed .Steel Car prd.. 1,100 81% 80% 81% '
Pullman Pal Car. ex div 100 218H 218% 218$
Republic Steel « 2,300 15U 14% 15
Republic Steel pfd 300 66% 66% 6«» i
Sugar ....„ 11.400 118% 116% Us'
Tennessee Coal & Iron.. 700 60 69% 60%
Union Bag & Paper Co * 14%
Union Pair & Paper pfd 71'
United States Leather n«
U S Leather pfd 200 80! iBO 80
United States Rubber...* 100 14% 14« 14
D S Rubber nfd 47
United States Pteel 7.900 42 41 41%
United States Steel pfd. 6.900 914, 901* 91%
Western Union 900 SI 1 ,* 91 " 91%
Total sales 4."2.200
CLOSING BONDS.
D S r»f.2s reg 109 I Ilex Cent Ist Inc.. 25%
U S ref 2a coup.. 109 Minn & St L4s 103%
US 2a reg 108 MX & T 2ds : 80%
D S3s CD, ex int.. loß N T Cent lsts.. . 105%
U S new 4s reg ...139 N V Cent gen 3%5.108%
1* S old 4s reg 133 iM J Cent gen 85... 131
UB Is reg 107 N Pacific 4b.. 104%
Atchlson Ken 45....103 4 X Pac 3a, ex Int... 72%
Atchison adj 45... 93% N & W con 45..;.. 10'%
Bait & Ohio 4s 103 Reading Gen 45.... 97%
Bait & Ohio 3»5... 96% S L & I M con 05.116%
B & O cony 45....10»% S L 4 S F 4s 95
Canada So 2ds 108% S L & Swstrn lsts.
Cent of Ga us 105% ex interest 87«
Cent of Oa Ist inc. 70 S L Swwstrn 2ds 79
Ches & Ohio 4%5..107% S A St A P 4s 87«4
Chgo & Alton 3%5. 85 So Pacific 4s 94
C B & Q new 45... 95% : So Railway 6s 120%
I C M& S P en 4s.Hl 1 Tex & Pac 15t5.. ..118%
! C & NW con 75....117% T S L & W 45.... 81%
C R I & P 4s 106% Union Pacific .105%
' ~ C C& SL gen 4s. 104 Union Pacific cony
Chgo Terminal 4s. 93 4s.' ex interest 106%
Colo &So 4s 88 Wabash lsts 117%
! D & R G 45.. ......103 Wabash 2ds 110%
¦ Erie prior lien 45.. 9914 Wabash deb 8.....'. 59
, g rl^ r ren 4s W* West Shore 4s 112' i
. £ i,< & D C 15t5.106% Wheel & L E 45... 90%
Hocking Va1.4%8..107% Wis Cent 4e7... :...&5.
1 Met Cent n ral 4S 4s:::. 1 8 T' 4 i Co^; ro * ac^^.~ 64 * |
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 2, 1901.
MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 20 Little Chief 13
Alice 40 Ontario 10 00
Greece 1 00:Ophir 77
Brunswick Con lOiPhoenix 06
Comstoek Tunnel... 06;Potosl 05
Con Cal & Va 1 65! Savage 07
Deadwooa Terra... 60 Sierra Nevada IS
Horn Silver l 90 Small Hopes 40
Iron Silver Wjgtandard 3 85
Leadville Con 05l
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— iv S Steel pfd 91
Call loans 3<§>4 i Mlnlna—
Time loans 3<§<4!-2 ! Adventure 22H
Bonds— 4'i
Atchlson 4a 91 | Amalgamated 86H
(»as Ist 78 ißaltlc 41%
Mcx Central 4s 80 ! Bingham 28^4
N E Gas & Coke.. 51%' Calumet & Hecla.66o
Railroads— ! Centennial 16%
Atchison 78% Copper Range 60
Atchlson cfd 96<b Dominion Coal .... 48
Boston & Albany. 2s7 I Franklin 16
Boston & Maine. ..l 92 Mohawk 41H
Boston Elevated. ..167 I Old Dominion 26\i
Cnion Pacific 101% Osceola 9S'/»
Mexican Central... JX% Parrot 37
Miscellaneous — iQuincy 165
American Sugar 118 ! Santa Fe Copper. 4*6
Am Tel & Tel 158H Tamarack 280
Dom Iron & Steel. 30 |Trimountaln 40
General Electric. .2s7 | Trinity 25
Mass Electric 36H United States 12
Mass Elec pfd 93Vs Utah 23%
N E Gas & Coke. 4 Victoria 7 .
United Fruit 82 Wir.ona 2
U S Steel 41% Wolverine 58
New York Money Market.
NEW YORK, Nov. I.— Money on call firm,
3H@4 per cent; last loan, 3\4 per cent; prime
mercantile paper. 4%@0 per cent; sterling ex
change firm, with actual business In bankers'
bills at $4 S7 for demand and $4 84 for sixty
days; posted rates, $4 84%(g4 85 and $4 S7W3>
4 88: commercial bills, $4 S3@4 83%; bar silver,
67"* c; Mexican dollars. 45Vic; Government
bonds, strong: State bonds, inactive; rail
road bonds, irregular.
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON, Nov. I.— To-day's statement
of tho Treasury balance? in the general fund,
exclusive of the $150,000,000 gold reserve in the
division of redemption, shows: Available cash
balance, ?175,6C5,6t'7: gold, $109,346,493.
Bank Clearings.
* , : _*
NEW YORK, Nov. I.— The following table,
compiled by Bradstreet, shows -the bank clear
ines at all principal cities for the week ended
October Cl, with the percentage of increase
and decrease, as compared with the correspond
ing -tk last year:
Percentage.
Cities — Amount. Inc. Dec.
New York 0.318.592,007 27.4
Chicago 155.33 1,847 29.8
Boston • 130,737,4C3 12.1 ' ....
Philadelphia 1U,554,740 35.5
St. Louis 41.088.871 27.5
Pittsburs 83,613,370 ; 6.7 •
Baltimore 21.2Ci.034 * 11.
San Francisco 26. 565.946 17.7 ....
Cincinnati 16.880,650 21.0 . ....
Kansas City 20,778,924 8.4 ....
Minneapolis 18,793,767 21.7 ' ....
Cleveland 12.u48,430 21. S ....
New Orleans 13,120,322 27.6
Detroit 11.419.231 68.3
Louisville 7,273.728 6.6
Indianapolis 9.283.50 54.4 ....
Providence 7,424,100 13.5
Omaha 6.738.804 10.0
Milwaukee 7.118,251 36.8 • ....
Buffalo 6,6^8.245- 17.4
St. Paul 6.042.555 27.7
Savannah 4.940.54S .... ' 9.7
Denver 4.027,497 5.S
St. Joseph 4.433.128 38.9 ....
Richmond 3.342,922 7.2 ....
Memphis 1, 754, Mil .... 5.9
Senate 3.516.723 C 2.2
Washington 1.391,667 16.4
Hartford 2.157.411 ....
Ixis Angeles 2.735,081 35.7 ....
Salt Lake City a.6>"i,2-)9 56.1
Toledo 1,456.321 .... 9.5
Portland. Or 3.044.529 , 23.1
Rochester- 1,804,301 .... 12.9
Peoria 2.708.593 15.6 ....
Fort Worth 2.KM.719 17.9
j Atlanta 2.324. 9.6 „ ....
Norfolk 1.395.055 11.1
Dcs Moines . 1,500,503
New Haven 1,321.203 3.5
Springfield, Mass.. 1,413,086 1.6
Augusta 1,690.654 45.7 ....
Nashville 1.415.U23 12.6
Worcester 1,671,599 37.4
Grand Rapids 1,482,101 31.8
Sioux City 1.551.070 23.7
Dayton. Ohio 1.191.375
Syracuse 1.220.147 23.6
Scranton 1.335.212 ' 21.3 ....
Portland. Me 1.265,713 ....
Spokane • 1,324.817 IS.B ....
•Taeoma 1,439.732 10.2
Evansviile 889.659 ....
Wilmington. Del... 1.152.732 50.0
Davenport 1,165,356 4^.0 ....
Fall River LOW. 182 15.2 ....
Birmingham 1.016.344 ¦
Topeka 1,276,025 42.2
Macon 637,000 .... 2.8
Little Rock 721.221 14.0
Helena 572.240 1.0 .:..
Knoxvtlle 570.795 17.0
Lowell 529,307 24.1 ....
Wichita 676,743 27.3 ....
Akroil 552,000 12.1
New Bedford 618.812 2.1
Lexington 419,841 ' 5.0 ....
Springfield. 11l .... 600,327 15.7
Jinghamton 220,900 19.1
Chattanooga 43>>.392 . 31-.2 ....
Kalamazoo . 3!" 4, 536 10.4
Fargo 465.291 33.7
Ynunpstown 471,499 i 5.9 ;...
Springfield. 0hi0... 255.050
Rockford 312. 16.4
Canton 1 345.0 34.2 ....
Jacksonville : 300.432 61.5 . ....
.Sioux Falls 288.573 65.5 ....
Fremont 131.996 41.0 '....
Bloumington, 111... 264, 36.0 ....
Jacksonville. 111 ... 153.610 27.5
tColutnbus. 0hi0.... 6,512.200 15.8 ....
IGalveston 8,056,000 10.1 .."..
f Houston 12,253,232 .... 9.8
{Colorado Springs.. 935.184 11.3 ....
{Wheeling, W. Va. ti53.453
{Chester 24i,096 ....
IWHVesbarre ¦ 765,901 ....
Totals U. S $2.055,1sr 1 ,094 25.3
Outside N. V 756,593,087 21.3
CANADA.
Montreal $16,309,151 16.0
Toronto 11.311.019 14.3
Winnipeg 3.5i).5.-,:,8
Halifax 1,625,576 3.5
Vancouver. B. C... 1,020,765 .... 11.3
Hamilton 929.145 35.0
St. John. N. B 748,588 13.6
Victoria. B. C 545,712 .... 13.0
{Quebec 1,354,486 ....
Totals Canada.... $35,998,914 16.1
'Not included in totals, because containing
other Items than clearings. {Not Included in
j totals because of no comparison for last year.
Bradstrcct's on Trade.
NEW YORK, Nov. I.— Bradstreefs to-mor
row will say:
The complaints of car shortages are repeated
this week, In even greater degree. At best,
however, this is only a negatively unfavorable
circumstance and is the best of proof that an
enormous volume of business is doing through
out the country. Unseasonable warm weather
is complained of as interfering with or check
ing retail distribution of clothing, shoes and
other fall and winter goods and dulling the
usual reasserting demand from jobbers East
and West. The holding off of killing frosts at
the South (It Is now one week behind the
average date) has benefited the crop prospects,
but coupled with immediate receipts, has In
duced a raising of estimates and lowered prices
for the week.
wheat has felt the Influence of heavy move
ment of grain at the Northwest, heavy In
creases in visible supply in Manitoba and
rather less critical advances from Argentine.
In addition, tlv; stories of dullness and depres
sion in the export business have affected trade,
though it Is to be noted that wheat and corn
shipments together since July 1 are heavier
than a year age. To smaller export shipments
ol cotton, of Iron and steel and to an over
supply of new tonnage Is probably due the
depression in ocean freights prevalent for
months past. Hog products are lower, it is
claimed, because of packers manipulating the
liog market, but the recent high prices ap-
Xiear to have checked consumption.
Among the staples advancing corn Is promi
nent, though held down slightly by wheat. A
large short interest is said to exist In that
icrain and wet weather and good buying have
stimulated prices of that product and oats
The woolen goods situation is In good shape
and the manufacturers have bought freely,
pales at Boston alone. amounting to 15,000,000 to
20,000,000 pounds. No particular change in iron
and steel Is noted, though the tendency of
hog prices is stronger, prompt shipments In
some cases being 10c per ton premium. Talk
of advancing steel rails |1 to $2 per ton for next
year's delivery- Is also heard. Steel billets are
scarce at Pittsburg and prompt deliveries bring
$27 to $28. In unfinished products, bar Iron,
sheets, plates and structural material are In
unprecedented demand at Chicago. A phenom
enal demand for structural material is noted
at Pittsburg.
Copper maintains Its former strength, an
agreement to restrict production being re
ported among the great Interests.
Wheat, Including flour, exports for the week
aggregate 6.872,868 bushels, as against 4,952,134
bushels last week and 3,618,421 bushels in this
week last year. Wheat exports July 1 to date
(seventeen weeks) aggregate 106,729,273 bushels,
as against 62.500.290 bushels la6t season.
Failures In the United States for the yeek
number 172, as against 223 last week, 165 In
this week a year ago, 174 In 1899 and 183 In
1898.
Canadian failures for the week number 17,
against 16 last week and In this week a year
ago* 21 in 1899, 31 In 1898 and 34 in 1597.
Dun's Review of Trade.
NEW YORK, Nov. I.— R. G. Dun & Co.'s
¦weekly review of trade to-morrow will say:
Although the latest railway returns Indicate
.that transporting facilities have greatly im
proved, the nation's business has expanded
more rapid'y. Car shortage has in fact become
the chief retarding Influence. From all sec
tions of the country and many lines of In
dustry complaints are heard regarding the In
ability to move goods. Probably the delay has
been most aggravating in the case of coal, un
seasonably high temperature alone prevent
ing serious inconvenience. Not only are do
mestic requirements enormoUF but coal is be
coming an important article if. export, partly
owing to labor controversies in France and
Great Britain and also to the British export
tax. Mild weather afltects retail distribution to
a very marked degree, orders for heavy weight
goods being canceled in some cases where
manufacturers were behind in deliveries. That
the volume of legitimate business is not being
curtailed is evidenced by the increase of bank
exchanges In New York of 27.4 per cent over
last year and 7.23 per cent over the same pe
riod in 1899. In ten other leading cities the in
crease is also striking.
Not only are steel mills many months behind
orders and prompt deliveries commanding pre
miums, but even where goods are ready for
customers it is often Impossible to ship bo
cause of Inadequate railway facilities. Struc
tural material is urgently sought' and mild
weather prolongs the season for buying pipa.
Steel rail orders Increase and the fancy pnoea
asked for billets have brought Imports from
Germany, where industrial depression makes it
possible to sell at very low figures. Domestic
quotations do not alter, though list figures are
not considered on deliveries before the year's
end. Copper is artificially sustained by clos
ing mines.
Footwear manufacturers have made a general
advance In prices, restoring the figures of early
spring. It is obvious that the average rise of
2Vsc does not cover the enhanced cost of ma
terial, yet new orders have been extremely
light since the change, as Jobbers are resisting
the natural tendency. Textile markets are well
sustained. Woolen mills have ample orders
and take large quantities of raw material,
holding wool prices firm.
Irregularity prevailed in. the market for
staples. Speculators secured a distinct decline
trorr. the usually high position recently at
tained for pork products, while at the same
time corn made a further advance. Wheat
came to market freely, arrivals at Western
Cities amounting to 7,060.690 bushels. Atlantic
exports were less satisfactory than last week,
but including all United States ports the week s
shipments were 5,013,108 bushels, against 3,650.
821 last year and 3,508,iUS In IM9.
New York Grain and Produce
NEW YORK, Nov. I.— Receipts,
63.617; exports. 31,233. About steady.
WHEAT— Receipts, 19,450 bushels. Spot,
steady; No. 2 red, 80*>sc f. o. b. afloat; No. 2 red.
7Vsc elevator; No. 1 Northern Duluth, 77% cf.
o. b. afloat; No. 1 hard Duluth, S2?»c f. o. b.
afloat.
Options were quiet and fairly steady on heavy
seaboard clearances, a fair export trade, small
Argentine shipments, and the early corn
strength. Late in the day eased off and real
izing closed about steady at a partial %c net
decline. March. 79%(55Uc, closed 79% c: May,
79'^c; December, 76 l jj J ii7t> 13-16 c, closed 76% c.
HOPS— Steady.
HlDES— Steady.
, WOOL— Quiet.
COFFEE— Spot Rio, quiet; No. 7 Invoice,
6'4c; mild, steady: Cordova, 7V4S'llc. Futures
closed net unchanged to 5 points lower, with the
undertone steady. Total sales were 315,000 bags.
Including: November. 5.90 c; December,. 6@6.05c;
January, 6 6. 15 c; March, 6.3«<56.35c; May,
b.45@6.50c: June, 6.55 c; August, 6.70 c; September,
6.80@«.850i
SUGAR— Raw, steady; fair refining, 3 5-16 c;
centrifugal, 96 test. 3 13-16 c; molasses sugar,
8 11-16 c. • Refined, quiet.
BUTTER— Receipts, 4700 packages. Steady;
State dairy. 14#17c; creamery, 15©22V4c; June
creamery. 17V-!fi2m.c: factory, l2»/4@15c.
EGGS— Receipts. 4000 packages. Firm. Un
candled, 16@21c. . '
• ' DRIED FRUITS.
There continues a steady undertone to the
market for evaporated apples, with trading
fairly active nt full former prices. State, com
mon to good, 6@Sc; prime, BV2C; choice, 9c;
fancy, 9 ] ,i@9*^c.
California dried fruits were without change
and quiet. ,
PRUNES— 3%©7c.
APRICOTS— RoyaI. 1214 c; Moorpark. B®l2c.
PEACHES- Peeled. ll®18c; unpeeled, 6@9V4c.
Chicago Grain Market.
CHICAGO. Nov. I.— Corn took the lead of the
markets at the opening and showed an early
strength that promised much, December start-
Ing a shade to */»@Vic higher at HOU^fc. The
cables were fairly strong and on a general de
mand and hut light offerings to supply them
December advanced He Profits here became
tempting and on the news of clearing weather
favoring shipping in the West liquidation be
gan. Business in the main was light. Decem- !
ber closed weak, *>i<g%c down at 57% c. \
Wheat needed all the bulling from the corn
pit It could get to offset weaker cables and
heavy receipts. The market was dull and nar
row and on the early strength in corn main- I
tamed a fair opening, a shade to %c lower at
70&@70%c. There was one bullish factor pres
ent in heavy clearances, but it had little effect
and December, on the sagging corn influence,
declined slowly and closed weak, Vie down at
70V20. • '.
Oats showed a disposition to break away from
corn influences and Indications pointed to a
bear market. Oats closed weak. yy 2c2 c lower at
SG'/ic.
Provisions were dull and dragging. January
pork closed 2V£c higher, lard 5c lower and ribs
a shade down.
The lending futures ranged as folows;
Articles — Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2— "
November 70 7W4 70 70
December 70**4 . 70% 704 70%
May 74V4 "Hi 73% 74
Corn No. .2—
November }... .... .... 56,4
December 58% 5S>4 ¦• 57% f,74i
May 60% 60*4 69% 60
Oats No. 2— ¦ '
December 37 Vs 37% 36>i 364
May mi 3DV» • 35% 3S» 8
Mess pork, per barrel-
January 14 95 15 00 14 90 14 92V4
May 15 02*4 15 10 If, 00 15 00
Lard, per 100 pounds—
May 8 77*.j S 77*4 870 8 72,4
November 8 62Va 8 62'.j 855 8 57-i
December 8 62U 865 8 57V4 8 67V»
January 8 67& 870 860 8 624
Short ribs, per 100 pounds—
January 770 7 72% 7 67,4- "70
May 7SO 785 7 77*4 780
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
steady: No. 3 spring wheat. 67@68 I >4c; No. 2 red,
71H"6'72i,ic: No. 2 yellow corn, 6!>c; No. 2 oats
fl3BVic: No. 2 white, 40%@41%c; No. 3 white,
40@40"Sic; No. 2 rye. 55Vic; fair to choice malt-
Ing barley, Cl@sßc:. No. 1 Northwestern. $1 46;
mess . pork, per barrel, $13 806*13 85; lard, per
100 pounds, $S 57©8 62; short ribs sides (loose;,
$7 75@7 90; dry salted shoulders (boxed), 7y 4
7"^c; short clear sides (boxed), $8 25@S 35;
whisky, basis of high wines, $1 30; clover, con
tract grade, $9. • ,
Articles— ¦ Reclepts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 18,000 20,000
Wheat, bushels 223,000 42,000
Corn, bushels 128.000 117.000
Oats, bushels 228.000 327.C00
Rye bushels 5,000 1,000
Barley, bushels .-. 15,000 I 29,000
¦ On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was steady; creams, 14@21V4c; dairies,
13@19c. Cheese, steady, 9*4®lo*4c. Eggs, firm;
fresh, 19*4@20c
Foreign Futures.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— Dec. March.
Opening 6 8% 5 9%
Closing 6 BVi ¦ 5 9%
PARIS.
Wheat— . Oct. Jan. -Apr.
Opening Holiday.
Closing Holiday.
Flour —
Opening Holiday.
Closing Holiday.
New York Metal Market.
NEW YORK. Nov. I.— The general situation
In the metal market remains unchanged. Trad-
Ing was very r.low again to-day, and price
changes were few and far between. Tin was
dull and unchanged at 134 75@35, while at Lon
don values eased off 10s to £113 15s for spot
and £10S 12s Gd for futures.
Copper locally was quiet at Jl6 85(f 17 for lake
and $16 37H@16 62V6 for casting. At London
values continue to advance, being 5s higher
again to-day with spot quoted at £05 6s and
futures at £6i 7s 6d. Exports of copper during
October were 7671 tons against 13.198 tons last
year; for the pact ten months aggregated 77,2x7
tons aa compared with 133,630 tans for the sams
period last year.
Lead at New York was dull at U 37H and at
London at £11 8s 9d.
Spelter was quiet at home and abroad, dos
ing at (4 87H and £16 15s respectively.
Domestic Iron markets were dull. Pig Iron
warrants, $9 50@10 BO; No. 1 Northexn foundry,
I15@16; No. 2 foundry Southern, $*®15; No. 1
foundry Southern, $14 5O&15 60; No. 1 foundry
Southern soft, $14 60@16.
Glasgow Iron warrants closed at 54» lid and
Middlesboro at 44s 6d.
California Fruit Sales.
if t
NEW YORK, Nov. The Earl Fruit Com
pany to-day realized the following prices for
California fruit at their auction sale: Grapes-
Red EmDerors, single crates, $1 15@1 65, aver
age $1 46; Clusters, single crates, $1 70®2 TO.
average $2 11: Tokays, single crates, Sl<B>2 OS.
average $1 64; Muscats, \ single crates, $1 so@
1 90, average $1 69. Prunes — slngltt
crates. ' 75c@?l 05, average 79c. Eleven cars
sold here to-day. Favorable weather.
CHICAGO. Nov. The following prices
were realized here to-day by the Earl Fruit
Company at their auction sale of California
fruit: Grapes— Assorted, single crates, $1 50®
1 70, average. $1 51; Cornichon, single crates,
$1 20@l 45, average $1 34; Tokays, single crates,
Ssc@Sl 40, average $1 13; double crates, $2 45@
3 65, average $3 21; : Red Emperors, single
orates, 65®80c, average 67c; Clusters, single
crates, average $1 30; Ferreras, single crates,
90c&$l 20, average $1 05; - Moroccos, single
crates, Jl 50@l 60, average SI 55; Verdelle. sin
gle crates, 80c@$l, - average 94c. Seven can
sold here to-day. Dry and cool weather.
BOSTON, Nov. I.— The Earl Fruit Company
realized the following prices at their auction
Bale of California fruit here to-day: Grapes-
Tokays, single crates, $1 05@l 95, average $1 53;
Muscats, single crates, 95c®$2 75. average $1 53;
Emperors, single crates, average SI 40; As
sorted, slnjrle crates, 90c® $3, average $1 36;
Black Morooco, single crates, $1 40@l 55, aver
age SI 48; Cornlchon, single crates, 95c@Sl 70,
average $1 16; Verdelle, single crates, $l@l 95,
average SI 58. Prunes— ltalian, single crates,
70c@»l, average 77c. Weather dry and cool.
PHILADELPHIA. Nov. I.— The following
prices were realized to-day here at auction by
the Earl Fruit Company at their sale of Cal
ifornia fruit* Muscats, single crates,
$1 20@l 57 average $1 51; Tokay clusters, single
crates $2 50@2 60, average $2 54. Pears— Vicars,
boxes, 85c@Sl 20, average $1 15. Grapes—As
sorted, SI 10<gl 40 average $1 39; Ferrera, single
crates. $1 lO@l 35. average $1 21; Cornlchon,
single crates, $1 35@J 10, average $1 62; Ver
delle, single, crates, 90c@$l 20, average $102:
Cornichon, one-quarter, crates, average 75c;
Tokays, one-quarter crates, average SOc. Two
cars sold to-day. Weather dry and cool.
CHICAGO, Nov. I.— Porter Brothers Company
sold California fruit 'to-day:
Tokays, 90c@Sl 70, average $1 40: double
crates, $2 55@3 35. average S3 06; Cornlchohs,
$1 10@l 25. average $1 22; Muscats. SI 10*31 15,
average SI 12; double crates, SI 70; assorted,
?1 55.
Seven cars sold to-day. .
NEW YORK. Nov. Porter Brothers Com
pany sold California fruit to-day:
Car from Fresno Emperors. SI 10@l 35, aver
age $1 17; Clusters, SI 60@l 65. average «l 61;
Malagas, $1 45@1 50, average SI 48; Persim
mons, SI 50.
• Car from Colfax — Tokays, Jl@l 65. average
$1 45; Emperors, $1 05@l 30, average SI 12; Mus
cats. $1 03; Cornichons, $1 35@>1 45, average
$137;. Damascus, SOc; E. . Buerre, $2 60;
Morceaus. $3; half boxes SI 25.
Car from San — Morceaus, half boxes,
$1 35@1 47. average .SI 40: P. " Barry $2 10;
Tokays, ¦ SI 10@l 75, average SI 44; one-quarter
boxes, 65c; Ferrara, $I@l 45, - average SI 08;
Cornichon, • $101 60, average $156; Muscats,
85c: Verdels. 85c; assorted, $1 65.
Eleven cars sold to-day.
NEW YORK. Nov. I.— The Earl Fruit Com
pany sold California fruit to-day:
Grapes— Red Emperors, single crates, $1 15®
1 65, average SI 40: ! Clusters, single crates,
$1 70@2 70, average $2 11; Tokays, single crates,
$I^2 05, average $1 64: Muscats, single crates,
$1 5.".fal 90, average $1 69. Prunes— ltalians,
single crates, 75c@l 03, average 79c.
Eleven cars sold to-day; weather favorable.
Eastern Livestock Market.
CHICAGO. - ' .
CHICAGO. Nov. 1.-CATTLE— Receipts 2000,
Including 400 Texans and 400 Westerns. Steady.
Good to prime steers, $6@6 80; poor to medium.
$3 So@s 90; stockers and feeders, 52>34 25: cows
and heifers. $1 25@5 25; carmers. $1 25@3 25:
bulls, $2«4 50; calves, $3<??« 25; Texas steers, $3®
4 10; Western steers, $3 65@5 15.
HOGS— Receipts. 22.000. Active and s@loc
higher, closing easy. Mixed and butchers,
$6 75©6 20; good to Choice heavy. $5 85f?f6 20;
rough heavy. $0 50® 5 70; light, $5 50@3 bulk
of sales, S5 70.
SHEEP— Receipts, 6000. Strong, 10c higher.
Good wethers, $3 45: fair to choice mixed. $2 DO
@3 60; Western, $2 45@3 50; native lambs, $2 75@
4 50. •
ST. JOSEPH.
ST. JOSEPH, Nov. I.— CATTLE— Receipts,
800. Steady to strong. Natives, J3@6 50; cows
and heifers. $1 23@5 10; bulls and stags, $2@
4 85; stockers and feeders, $1 50@4 25.
HOGS— Receipts, 6300. Market .5c higher.
Light and light mixed, So 65f15 S7U; medium
and heavy. $5 SO«J6; high, $4 25@5 25; bulk of
sales. $5 87*45?5 90.
SHEEP— Receipts. 2000. Steady to 10c lower.
Lambs, $5 75. --'-¦.
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND, Nov. I.— Clearings. 5595.405:
balance?, 551.932.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND. Nov. 1. — WHEAT - Walla
Walla. 55M:c; Valley, 55c; Bluestem, 06V2C.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Nov. I.— Wheat, unchanged; Blue
stem, 55Vic; club, 54 Uc.
New York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK, Nov. I.— Cotton closed steady
at a net decline 5<512 points.
Foreign Markets.
LONDON. Nov. I— Silver. 26^d. Wheat car
goes on passage, quiet and steady; cargoes No.
1 Standard California. 2Ss 9d; cargoes Walla
Walla. 27s 9d; English country markets firm
LIVERPOOL. Nov. I.— Wheat, steady No.' 1
Standard California, 5s 10d@5s 10Ud; French
country markets, quiet and steady ; "weather in
England, fine.
COTTON— Uplands. 4 7-lfid.
CLOSING.
LONDON, Nov. I.— Bar silver dull at 26V-d
per ounce; money, 2@2^i per cent.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Exchange and Bullion.
The Bank of England has advanced Its rate
of discount to 4 per cent. Silver and Sterling
Exchange are firmer.
Sterling Fxchange, 60 days — }< 841^
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 87%
Sterling Cables 4 88* i
New York Exchange, sight — 10
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 1214
Silver, per ounce 571?
Mexican Dollars, nominal 47 9 47^
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT— Liverpool futures were firmer. It
was a holiday at Parts. The London Times
confirmed the report that Germany would need
10,000,000 bushels of wheat and 37,000.000 bush
els of rye. The quality of wheat and corn in
the Argentine was reported good, owing to
more favorable weather, there being continued
rains in the Important province of Buenos
Ayres.
Chicago opened firm, but fell back. The
coarse grains led in firmness. Broomhall cabled
from Liverpool that the Continental demand
was improving. The seaboard reported a more
active export business than for some time and
St. Louis also reported a heavy export demand
at higher bids. A heavy increase in the wheat
area was reported in Indiana and westward.
Wires from Minneapolis said that the milling
demand was urgent, the mills being sold away
ahead on flour. There were general rains in
the winter-wheat belt, giving relief there. Of
ferings in the Southwest were small, the farm
ers feeding out wheat to stock In large quan
tities. Kanßas Is especially feeding out wheat
and has already shipped 75 per cent of her
yield and her home needs are greater than
ever. Th-s market was quiet and easy.
Spot wheat— Shipping, &S\c@sl; milling
$1 02V4@l 05 per ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— No sales.
Second Session— December— 2ooo ctls, 99>4c.
Regular Morning Session— May— 3000 ctls
$1 04^4; 14.000. $1 08%: December— 2oo. 90^c.
Afternoon Session— December — 2000 ctls 99Uc
4000. 99«4c: May— 2ooo, $1 03vfc.
BARLEY— No further change Is apparent and
the market is Quiet.
Feed, 73%'g75c for choice bright, 72Hc for No.
1 and 70c for off grades: Brewing and Shipping
grades, 77M:@82Vic; Chevalier. 95c(ff$l 05 per ctL
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— May— 2OCO ctls
73% c.
Second Session — December — 2000 ctls 73V4c
Regular Morning Session— December— 2000
ctls, 73c.
Afternoon Session— No sales.
OATS— The stock In local warehouses Novem
ber 1 was 7280 tons, against 4608 tons October
1. It Is reported that the Government Is ask
ing for bids for 1000 tons on the Sound which
tends to render this market still firmer.' There
was heavy selling on the Chicago market yes
terday.
-.The situation here shows no change. The de
mand footed is fine.
Grays. Tl 10@l 22>*; whites. $1 15@1 27H: Sur
prise, $1 So@l 32%: black. $I@l 20. and red.
$1 05@l 17% per ctl for feed and $1 20@l 25 for
seed.
CORN— situation in the West is bullish
and the high prices there forbid shipments to
this market. Western Corn is offered here at
$1 55, but as our local large yellow can be
obtained for the much lower quotations below.
It will be Impossible to bring the Western here
without loss. Western speculation is increas
ing, based on bad husking returns and the
big feeding demand tor the South and West.
Farmers are selling very little and there is
an urgent demand in lowa for Missouri and
Kansas. This demand Is so sharp that the
higher prices are diverting shipments from
Chicago to those States. Snow will Issue an
estimate, placing the crop at about 1.400,000.000
bushels, and all private estimates indicate a
yield below the Government estimate. -
Local prices continue to decline, as will be
seen.
Large yellow Is quoted at $1 20@l 27 1 *: small
round yellow, $1 25@1 40; white, nominal; East
ern Corn, nominal.
RYE— 72V4@76*4c per ctl. Germany Is short
87,000,000 bushels this year.
BUCKWHEAT—
Flour and Millstuffs.
FLOTJR — California Family Extras. $3 lot
S 50. usual terms: Bakers' Extras, S3 15@3 25;
Oregon. $2 50@2 75 per barrel for family and
$2 75@3 for bakers'; Washington bakers'. S2 75
®3.
MLLLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour. $3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour. $2 7a; Rye
Meal, $2 50; Rice Flour. $7; Corn Meal. $3 25:
extra cream do, $4; Oat Groats, $5; Hominy. $4
@4 25; Buckwheat Flour. $4®4 25; Cracked
Wheat, $3 50; Farina, $4 50; Whole Wheat Flour.
$3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels). $6 Ss<£B 35; In sacks,
$6 50@8; Pearl Barley, $5; Split Peas. $5; Green
Peas, $6 50 per lUO pounds.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
Corn products continue to decline In sym
pathy with the raw grain. Bran and middlings
are weak, but no lower, though offerings of
both are large. The stock of bran November 1
was 423 tons, against S3 tons October 1.
Hay Is rather easy, owing to the more lib
eral arrivals, but prices show no decline.
BRAN— slß@l9 per ton
MIDDLINGS— S2O®2I per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— RoIIed Barley, $16017 per ton;
Oilcake Meal at the mill. $27@28; jobbing $28 50
@29; Cocoanut Cake, $20021; Corn Meal, $31 53
@32; Cracked Corn. $32® 32 50; Mixed Feed. $18
4J19.
HAY— Wheat. $9@12; fancy. $12 50; Wheat and
Oat, $S 50<gll 50; Oat. $S@10; Barley and Oat,
$7<g9: Alfalfa, $8@10; Clover. $5 50@7; Volun
teer, $a®B; Stock, $s<f£7 per ton.
STRAW— 3O@4Sc per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
Beans continue to arrive freely, yesterday's
receipts being 676j sacks. The market was
firm, owing to the demand to fill the shipping
contracts already mentioned, but no further
advance was reported.
BEANS— Bayos. ¥> 50@2 60; Small White, $3®
3 30; Large White, J>2 50<§2 65; Pea, S3 s<vff3 75;
Pink, fl<h2. 30; Red. S3; Blackeye, J3 25^3 50;
Limas. $4 50@4 65; Red Kidneys. S3 75<?14 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, $3«j3 15; Yellow
Mustard, $3 25@3 40; Flax. $2 tfo@3 25; Canary.
3^4@3*«.c for Eastern; Alfalfa, from Utah, B^jc;
Rape, H4@l%c; Hemp 3Hc p«r lb.
DRIED PEAS— Niles, $1 W@2; Green, SI 75
@2 25 per ctl.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Receipts of Potatoes were large, amounting
to 7493 sacks. Onions also came In freely, u's9
sacks being received, but the market ruled
firm, as will be. seen.
Lima Beans continue scarce. Peppers are
slow and there is no demand for Green Okra.
Two cars of Merced Sweets came in.
POTATOES— SSS7SC for Burbanks from the
•river: Salinas Burbanks, Sligl 30; Oregon Bur
banks. SKSI 10; River Reds. SI sC*g)l 60; Sweets,
40c for Rivers and 70(5800 for Merced.
ONIONS— JI 23@1 50 per ctl; Pickle Onions, 60
@75c per ctl. ¦
VEGETABLES— Gi-een Peas, l®3c for Gar
den; String Beans, ltj^c; Llmas, 2@3 1 -ic: Cab
bage, 60<{iTde per ctl ; Tomatoes, from Alaraeda
20<5'35c; Dried Peppers, 10(gl2Hc; Green Okra. 30
(550 c per box; Carrots, 25^350 per sack; Cu
cumbers. 3<K?4Oc; Pickles, 2U«3c per lb for
small and lOlHc for large: Garlic. VfkQPiLc;
Green Peppers. E#SOC per box for Chile and 40
©50c for Bell; Egg Plant. #tQMe per box; Sum
mer Squash. 65tfi?"c; Marrowfat Squash, $6<gß
per ton; Hubbard Squash. $20.
Poultry and Game.
Poultry shows little change. Turkeys are
weaker again under heavier arrivals. Six cases
of Dressed Turkeys came in. selling at 18®
20c per lb. Other descriptions are dull.
The Game market stands about the same.
Arrivals were 87 sacks, in good condition.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 14^15c for Gob
blers and M#ls« for Hens; Geese, per pair. $1 50
©1 7f.; »;oslinsr<>. *1 75<32; Ducks. $:!f(J 50 for
old and $3 sO@ 1 4 50 for young: Hens, $3 50«5;
young Roosters. $3 50@4 50; oil Roosters. $3 sO@
4; Fryers, S3 25©3 50; Broilers, $3 25®3 50 for
large and $3<S3 25 for small; Pigeons, $1 25
@1 50 per dozen for old and $1 ~l<§2 for Squabs.
CAME— Doves, per dozen. $1; Hare, SI 23;
Rabbits. $1 50 for Cottontails and $1 for Brusn;
Mnllard. S4WS: Canvasback. $3*?5; Sprig, *2 .V)
<§3: Teal. $2TT2 2S; Widgeon. $1 s<*g2; Small
l">ucks« $1 c - Black Jacks. SI 50; English Snipe.
$2; Jack Snipe. SI Wt Gray Geese. |3<§i3 50;
White Geese, $1; Brant. $1 MQI per dozen.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
There Is no lack of Butter. The northern
steamer yesterday brought In several hundred
boxes, so there is enough to go around. Prices
stand about the same.
Cheese Is In good supply at unchanged prices.
There is no scarcity In Eggs, as any deficiency
in fresh goods from local points is more than
made up by liberal receipts from the East and
the continuous withdrawals from cold storage.
Strictly fine ranch are not plentiful and meet
with a good demand, but the medium and
lower grades are dragging.
Receipts were 17.300 pounds of Butter,
pounds of Eastern Butter. 453 cases of Eggs.
4fo i-ases of Eastern Eggs. 7300 pounds of Cali
fornia Cheese and 26.420 pounds Eastern
Cheese.
BUTTER— Creamery, 274i328c per lb for
fancy and 24@2fic for seconds; dairy. 18,324 c;
store Butter. lS#l7a per lb: Creamery Tub.
21ii;22W; Pickled Roll. 18®19c: Keg. 13®19c
per lb.
CHEESE— New. HU®l2c: Old. lO^c: Young
America 12',i'S13c per lb; Eastern. U^lßc.
EGGS— Ranch. SS@39c for selected large, 35
(HftfcC for good to choice and 32 1 -j'S34c for fair;
store. 22g25c per dozen; cold storage. 20i3!224c;
Eastern, ISQ24c. with extra white at 27Uc.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
A car of Cranberries came in. and Is selling
at *10 50 per barrel. /
According to advices received from, the East
the apple crop is far worse than was antici
pated. The latest estimate is one of 23,000,000
barrels against 48.000.000 barrels In 1900 and
0.000.0C0 barrels In 1599. The crop on this coast
la heavy and will net growers a good profit.
Washington growers are receiving from Jl 10®
1 50 per barrel.
Grapes are again in ample supply and the
higher prices have checked the demand, hence
an easier feeling Is visible.
Lemons are weaker. There is no change In
Oranges and Limes.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS.
APPLES— SI@I 25 per box for extra, 60@Soc
for good to choice and 26'350c for ordinary.
POMEGRANATES— SOc@» per box.
PEARS Winter Nells, Jl^l 26 per box; com
mon, 50075 c.
QUINCES— 23@SOc per box. *
PERSIMMONS— 6O<S7Sc per box.
STRAWBERRIES—S6®7 per chest for Long
worths and J3®4 for large berries.
BLACKBERRIES— S6 per chest.
LOGAN BERRIES— *S per chest.
RASPBERRIES— $4igs per chest. , ¦ 4 .
HUCKLEBERRIES — per lb.
CRANBERRIES— Cod, »10 50 per barrel:
Coos Bay, $2 50 per box.
— Black, 50c@U per box.
MELONS— Nutmegs, 23c per box; Canta
loupes, 40<250c per crate; Watermelons, $3@io
per 100.
GRAPES— Verdels. 40® 65c per box and crate-
Tokay. 40@S5c; Isabellas. $1@1 25; Muscat, 40@
75c- Black, 40®75c; Cbrnlchons, . 50®S5c.
CITRUS FRUlTS— Oranges. TicCaJi' for com
mon. $3 25@3 75 for good to choice, and $4 for
fancy; new Navels. $2 sOf£3 50; Lemons. JTgl 25
for common and $2^2 75 for good to choice-
Grape Fruit, $150@4; Mexican Limes, $434 60-
Bananas, $1 75©*". per bunch for New Orleans
and $I@2 for Hawaiian; Pineapples. $3^4 per
dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and .Raisin*.
Aside from the Improved demand for Prunes
at New York already mentioned, and which
has not resulted in any improvement In prices
there Is nothing new to report In this market'
Commission houses and brokers continue in
quote a listless market. .
FRUITS— Apricots. 7®B%c for Royals and S@
13c for standard to fancy Moorparks- Eva De
rated ¦ Apples. s>*@7c; sun-dried, 3H@4-.jc-
Peaches, 6@7%c; Pears. 4@Bc; Plums, pitted Ail
©sc; unpltted. l@2c: Nectarines, s®6c for' r»*
and s*4®6%c.for white; Figs. 3©3Vjc for black
PRUNES— New crop are quoted as follow*
30-40's. 6*4@5%c; 40-50- s. 4%@5c; 50-60* s Tfl
4** c; 60-70" s. 3»*'g4c: 70-80' s. 3*4®3*.ic; 80-90' *?
63c; 90-100- 2Vi@2%c per lb. ' *•*
RAISINS— per 20-lb box): Clusters-
Imperial. $3: Dehesa. $2 50; fancy, « 75- *.
crown, .. $1 60; London Layers— Three-crown
$120; two-crown, $1 10. Price per lb: Standard
loose . Muscatels— Four-crown, 4*5; Tbre*.
AUCTION SALES
£> 5^
FIRST AUCTION SALE
OF THE SEASON!
THOROUGHBRED
YEARLINGS
; '/ FROM THE
BURLINGAME STOCK FARM.
This consignment consists of Colts and Fil-
lies sired by Magnet. San Luca3, Imp. Bath-
ampton and Lincoln 11. out of such good
mares as Lucrezta Borgia. Tenebrae (sister to
Brunswick). Ray of Gold by Rayon d" Or. Sal-
ly Sensible. Cailatine (dam of St. Callatine).
Sunlit (dam of Morinel, El Rayo. etc.). \iola
by Himyar. I Declare. Physalis. Imp. Chiffte.
Hertha. Phoebe (dam of Count Hubert), Corln-
thia. Abra Daly (dam of Burdock), etc. All
to be sold without reserve or limit.
MONDAY, NOVEMBER 4, 1901,
At 7:45 p. m.,
OCCIDENTAL HORSE EXCHANGE.
721-723 HOWARD ST.. San Francisco. Cal.
WILLIAM G. LAYNG. Auctioneer.
Yearlings on exhibition Saturday, "Nov. :',
1901. Catalogues now ready.
crown. 4 8 c; Two-crown, 3%c: Seedless Musca
tels. 4*4 c: Seedless Sultanas. 5"-»e : Thompson
Seedless. 6*-ic; Bleached Sultanas— Fancy, SV,o;
choice, "He; standard. 6',ic; prime. 5Hc; un
bleached Sultanas, sc. Bleached Thompsons —
Extra fancy, lie: fancy. Me: choice. 9c; stan
dard, "He: prime. 6V2C. Fancy seeded. 6Vtc;
choice seeded. T »c.
NUTS— Chestnuts. 8@12*.4c; Walnuts. No. 1
softshell. 9',-ac; No. 2. 7Ho: No. 1 hardshell. 9c:
No. 2. 7c; Almonds. 13© He (or papershell. 10
®llc for softshell and s@6c for hardshell: Pea
nuts, 5®70 for Eastern: Brazil Nuts. 12©12"* c;
.Filberts. 12@12%c; Pecans. U@l3c; Cocoanuts,
$3 5Cg5.
HONEY— Comb. i;@l2>-*c for bright and 10^
14 c for light amber; water while extracted.
s© 6c: light amber extracted. 4£fjc; dark, 4c.
BEESWAX— 2S@2Sc per lb.
Provisions.
This market continues weak and quiet. Tn»
demand Is slow, as buyers, following their
usual custom, do not care to purchase on a
weak market. Chicago, however, was steadier
again yesterday, and private wires from there
said that everybody was afraid to sell short,
owing to the hish prices for Corn, which will
result in smaller receipts of Hogs in the cours*
of a -Ousle of months.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, 12c per lb for heavy.
12Vic for light medium. 13V.C for light.
14^c fur extra light and 15c for sugar-cured.
Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 13Hc; California
Hams. 13c; Mess Beef. $11 per barrel; extri
Mess. $12: Family, $12 50: prime Mess
Sls: extra clear, $23; Mead. $19; Smoked Bee:'.
14c per lb.
LARD — Tierces, uuoted at 8c per lb for
compound and ll'-c for pure; half barrels, pure,
U%e; I'J-ib tins, 1- L *c; 5-lb tins, lii^e, 3-lb tins,
124 c.
COTTOLENE— One half-barrel. 10% c; threa
half -barrels, 1014 c; one tierce, 10V»c; two tlecea,
luc; live tiercea, 55 7 8 c per lb.
Hides, Tallozv, Wool and Hups.
HIDES AND SKINS— and brands sell
about 14c under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers, lie: medium, 10c; light, 9c; Cow Hides.
9Hc for heavy and 9c for light; Stags, 7c: Salted
Kip 9V^c; Salted Veal, 10c; Salted Calf, lo©
10"^c; Dry« Hides. 16S16Hc; Culls, Me; Dry
Kip, 16c; Dry Calf. lSJaiac; Cull* and Brands.
16 17c; sheepskins, shearlings. lS^Oc each;
short Wool. 50@60c each; medium, sC^73c; long;
Wool, 90c@$l 10 each; Horse Hides, salt, 12 60
@2 75 for large and $2®2 23 for medium. jl 73
tor small and 50c for Colts: Horse Hides, dry,
1 75 for large. SI 25@1 30 for medium, $1 25 for
small and 50c for Colts. Deerskins— Summer or
red skins. 35c; fall or medium skins. 30c; win
ter or thin skins. 20c. Goatskins— Prime An
goras, 75c; large and smooth. 50c; medium, 35c.
TALLOW— Rerined. 6Hc; No. 1 rendered, 5@
5*,4 c per lb; No. 2, *@4Vic: grease. 3c.
WOOL— Spring, 1900 or 1901— Southern, defect
ive, 7 months, 7@Bc: Oregon Valley fine. 130
15c; do, medium and coarse, 1.®13c; Oregon.
Eastern choice, ll@13c; do, fair to good. S©
lie; Nevada, 10@12c.
Fall— San Joaquin. e^S^c; San Joaquin
Lambs.' 7 1 B @9c; Middle County., 8@10c; North
ern Mountain, free. 9@llc; do. defective, B@3c;
Humboldt and Mendocino. ll@l2c per lb.
HOPS— for fair and Il<a.l3c per lb for
good to choice.
San Francisco Meat Market-
The situation remains unchanged. Hogs are
coming In freely, and there la no lack of Beef,
Mutton and Veal.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF— 6&6',4c for Steers and 5@5',4c per lb
for Co as.
VEAL— Large. 7@Sc; small, S<B9c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 6*ri@7c; Ewes. 6@6}ic per
pound.
LAMB— 7S3c per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs. 230 lbs and under, 5T436c;5 T 436c;
over 230 lbs, 5Kc; feeders, ; sows, 20 per
cent off; boars. 30 per cent off. and stags, 40
per cent off from the above quotations; dressed
Hogs, 7%59c.
General Merchandise.
GRAIN BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags. 7c; local
make, He less than Calcuttas: Wool Bags, S3
635 c; Fleece Twine, 7%@3c; Fruit Bags. S»iJJ
6%0 for cotton and 7®7%c for Jute.
Wellington, *9 per ton; SouthflelJ
i Wellington. $9; Seattle. $7; Bryant. 36 50; Coos
Bay, 15 50; Wellsend, $9; Co-operative Wallsend,
$3; Cumberland, $12 50 in bulk and 113 75 In
sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $15; Can
: nel, $11 per ton; Coke. $15 per ton in bulk and
$17 in sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions. $8 45
per 2000 lbs and $8 50 per ton, according to
1 brand.
Harrison's circular says:
"During the week there have been th« fol
/ lowing arrivals of coal, viz.: One from Oregon.
720 tons; six from Washington, 13,100 tons; two
from British Columbia. 8375 tons; one from
| Baltimore. 3036. t0n5; two from Swansea. 6600
tons- one from Cardiff, 3021 tons; five from
Newcastle. N. S. W.. 13,775 tons; total. 54,137
tons. The amount delivered here this week
! Is about equal to double the average quantity
! consumed here within the same time. Two
1 thirds of the above amount is Australian and
1 Washington coal. It may inconvenience some
1 of the consignees to take in the quantity that
' their charter parties call for. as most of the
! deliveries will be ex-steamers: hence a large
discharge Is called for. Probably 75 per cent of
the coal above reported has been already dis-
I posed of. so that the market will not be much
disturbed. Cargoes of fuel only suitable for
steam uses which may arrive here seeking buy
ers may have to be disposed of at a loss to
the shipper, as it comes in direct competition
with fuel oil: hence a marked shading in price
has to be conceded. Freight on coal from Aus
tralia and Great Britain must be marked up
higher unless outward grain charters shall
! show some Improvement in th? near future. The
oil business is gradually being controlled by
some' of the larger "and more intelligent oil
i producers, who combined are- laying out plans
whereby the disposal of almost the entire Cali-
I fornia output will rest with them. Thus they
I avoid the reckless competition which baa here
1 tofore existed between this small producing
wells. 1
California Castor Oil, :n cases. No. 1.
70c: pure. $1 20; Linseed Oil, in barrels, boiled.
74c; raw. 72c; cases. 5c more; Lucol. 64c for
boiled and 62c for raw In barrels; Lard Oil.
extra winter strained, barrels, 35c: cases, Me;
! China Nut, 83@72c per gallon: pure Neatsf :>t.
In barrels. 70c: cases. 75c; Sperm, pure, 65c;
Whale Oil. natural white. 40@4tc per saL.on;
Fish Oil. barrels, 37H0; cases. 42Vic; Cocoanut
Oil, barrels, 63^c for Ceyloi , and M'-ic for Aus
tralian. •
COAL Water White Coal OH. In bulk.
13Hc; Pearl Oil, In cases, 20c; Astral, 20c. Star.
20c; Extra Star. 24c; Elaine. 25c: Eocene, 22c:
deodorized stove Gasoline, in bulk. 15c; in
cases, 21' 3 c; Benzine, In bulk. 14c; In cases
20Vic; S6-degre« Gasoline, In bulk, 20c; in cases.
: 26--* c. .
TURPENTINE- 58Hc per gallon In cases and
52c in drums and iron barrels.
SUGAR— Western Suzar Refining Com
pany quotes, per lb. in 100-lb bags:
Cubes. Crushed and Fine Crushed, 4.90 c; Pow
dered, 4.75 c; Candy Granulated, 4.75 c; Dry
Granulated. 4.65 c; Confectioners" A. 4.65 - Fruit
! Granulated. 4.65 c; Beet Granulated (100-lb ba*3
only). 4.45 c; Magnolia A. 4.5 c; Extra C 4 lie-
Golden C. 4.05 c; D, 3.90 c; barrels 10c more
half-barrels, 25c more; boxes, 50c more- 50-lb
bags, 10c more. No orders taken for less than
75 barrels or Its equivalent. ' Dominos. half
barrels, 5.15 c; boxes, 5.40 c per lb. No orders
I for Granulated will be taken that consist of
j more than- 50 per cent of Beet Sugar.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR FRIDAY. NOVEMBER L •
Flour, qr sks. . 13,648 Alfalfa Seed, sks 14»
Wheat, ctls 3.430 Ra sins, bxs >.. 400.)
Barley, ctls 11.550 Brandy, gala " " 3 100
Oats, ctls « 770 Wine, gala "¦¦ 84b£>
Beans, ska 6.770 Leather. roUs"*"*- ' :s
Potatoes. sks .^.. -6.735 Su«ar, ctls . "' m r*"
Onions, sks 1.259 Hides. No .. *" 547
Bran, sks 1.013 Pelts, bdls .] . iss
Middlings, sks... 1.050 "Tallow, ctls " M
w'oVskt •.::•.•.":¦ 3 f>llll " i "'- a? ¦ »:
• OREGON.
Flour. qr sks : . . . 10,820 1 Bran, ska » 9fi«
Oats, ctls 726 Short*, sks"" l*k
Potatoes, ska .... 2a-ii ...... x.«»
Giant Powder Co. has declared dividend No.
35 of 73 cents per share.
Continued on Page Fifteen.ARMY OBTAINS
ABUNDANT FOOD
Commissary of Subsist
ence Submits Inter
esting Report.
Enormous Work Done by De
partment in the Phil
ippines.
WASHINGTON. Nov. I.— The report of
General John F. Weston, commissary
general of subsistence, shows that the to
tal expenditures for the subsistence of the
army during the fiscal year were $15,622,
£2 S. The receipts from the sales of sub
slstence stores during the same period
ere $3,290,234. An interesting feature of
Jt.ie report is a statement from Colonel
Woodruff, chit-f commissary in the Phil
ippines, in which he says: ¦
During th» first three month? of the period
covered by this report stores for various causes
t>eoame reduced, but owing to the grand re
j-;.cnse ma 3? by the commissary general to
every call :rom this office and the energetic
action or the purchasing commissary in San
Francinco aad in New York this was speedily
corrected and this division was soon supplied
as no army of its s:ze has ever been supplied
:n the world's history.
During tha period covered by this report the
command to be supplied extended from the
Great Wall of China on thjs north to the island
of Borneo on the south and the island of Guam
on the east. There were 4mj stations In this
ij-cbipelajro. besides the troops in China and
the .prisoners in Guam.
In addition to the 65.000 troops and 3000 offi
cers in this division the subsistence department
fupplied the delicacies for the sick, rations lor
4000 prisoners of war. many of the stores for
the navy, rations for 1000 civilian employes
snd sales scores for the navy and marine. In
ether word? nearly 100.000 person?, occupying
a country almost destitute of meat and vege
tables and other food eupplies suitable for
Americans, were supplied largely from a single
base 7000 miles disuuit.
After the Etcres reached Manila they had to
be landed i:i cascos arid were then distributed
by short railroads and then poled up narrow
rivers, by vragon and carts, along almost bot
tomless roads, by pack mule* and coolies over
mountain trails, often through a hostile coun
try.
Colonel Woodruff says that during the
period covered by the report 35.000 men
have been returned to the United States
and about IS. OOO have arrived in the Phi!
->^i pines, and not a single serious complaint
".-..is been received concerning the food
topply. There have been received at tha
Manila de;x»t 116.554.530 pounds of ration
articles and C 2,444,9&6 pounds of sale.?
stores. There have been shipped from
'his depot 111.771.509 pounds of ration ar
ticle* and 57,022.671 pounds of sales stores.
There has been me deterioration of
stores on sccount of poor storage and cli
r.atic contritions.
Colonel Woodruff refers to the charges
against the subsistence department and
i-ays such charges were greatly exagrger
arfd. He denies any illegitimate pur
chases of champagne and says that pur
<hf.se< ma2e were necessary for sick and
debilitated troops, vho purchased it at
4^ <'<=r.t.s a pint.
General Weston's report deals quite
.xtensively with the Chinese campaign
and quote t from officers who were in that
expedition to show that the troops were
¦well supplied.
Credit M?n's Association
Men's Asso
-'••ve a banquet last evening at
W. D. Prender
-. tary of th^ National Associa-
I a short -
f the up-to-date
itiTohan;t for giving credit. President
•>d Frank J. Symmes
j s, after which
iered several vocal
Verdict for Heavy Damages
Ni - Xov. l.—A
here this morn
the Chuckanut
IMJH damages
Railway Com
'he quarry,
ght to condemn.
-Ked for a new
Lipton Praises Our Commerce.
Tho Daily Chronicle
irafag an interview with
-iing trade and
State? He de
in a • -highly flourishing
r.e opinion that
to become for
m the- future, owing
itude in executing orders
m ¦ m methods."
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Physical Comfort.
Jail Breakfast Food
Promotes Bodily Vigor ;
Builds Up Flesh, Bone and Muscle,
Physical comfort, good sleep and bodily
vipor are results of good digestion.
The experience of users of Malt Break-
faft Food point to the fact that it is the
i<2cal cereal food, always true and reliable
in its wori of building up flesh, bone and
muscle for men and women of every sta-
tion in life. It Is strongly recommended
by the medical profession and food ex-
perts because it is free from, the many ob-
3«?etionabl«; features present in oatmeal
and other grain foods. Malt Breakfast
Food gives a relish at the morning meal
that no other food can offer, and sends
young anl old forth to the duties and
cares of i:ho day with a vim and vigor
rhat will overcome all ordinary obstacles
and difficulties. 'wit Breakfast Food
makes an excellent cupper dish, used
either hot or cold. Try it. Your grocer
sells It
0 visit OR. JORDAN'S great 6
'MUSEUM OF ANATOMY?
A 9 ioKiuizx::n»t.6±jt?±.s.r.csi.i
T sf^ The Largest Anatomical Mus.eum in the \
a ¦¦ r" ii World. WeiknesKi or any coiuxacteri A
fi>~£sj a>se«? po«.i<l».ly «-nr,<: i,y the oldesj T
Q [sj3\ tpeaaiia on the Co«st. ilst. 36 years. O
+) fl§E?» CR. JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN/)
Tfl|JKz-A M Consultation free »nd stiirtly private. \
m 1 xj>lir M Traatnen? personally or by irtier. A m
» C yf » B Potttivt Cure in every case undertaken. T
ft r f lit' Write for Rook - PUII.OKOPBVafI
* I II BtttRMCE, MAILED FREE. ( Af
A i* (1 »a!uabfe book for mm) . i
9 08. .'(JKDt.V A CO.. 1051 Markrt st.,R. F. V
• (f% CmCHKTEn'I ENGLISH
PCMMYRQYAL PILLS
X ,-<V7v _ . _„ ©rtsinul an.i Only Cenalne.
r t */^V SATE. '.!«»" r» i; »bi» lAdfer, uk Dnu>(f4 ,
¦f > * s> '(iß^ to ItEB «n* Oold raetkUlc boxn. sealed
W JT\ S^t^¥ I? 411 blue ribbon. Take no other. IlcfaM
» 7*5 ?* HB» »«««cr«»» *iil»l!tat4o«« and Imft*-
I / . %n tlo«». Boy of yoar Cruccrnt. or tend 4*. is
IS. til * iM !*'* taT P»rUciilar«, TottmoiiUki !
\V ff •»* Kcll*f for Ladle*," •>» inter, i/ pa>
-**V ".X 'in M«:L. ) <>.«>««> Tmilmaiilali. Sold '..}
**** tut {»(>«. UoOteer. *a«KTu I'ail^U 4*^
PLAGUE MAKES
NO PROGRESS
Glasgow and Liverpool
Officials Give Good
News.
Persons on Steamers Arriving
at New York Are In
spected.
GLASGOW, Nov. I.— No additional cases
of plague had been officially reported up
to a late hour to-night. Two hundred em
ployes of the Central Station Hotel are
confined to the hotel precincts for obser
vation.
.LIVERPOOL, Nov. I.— The three cases
of bubonic plague now in hospitals here
are doing well and no fresh cases have
been officially reported James Boyle,
United States Consul, conferred to-day
with representatives of the American lines
regarding extra precautions, particularly
in connection with emigrants. He has
alsu asked the railway companies to have
emigrant cais disinfected.
WASHINGTON. Nov. l.—A cablegram
received at the State Department to-day
from United States Consul Boyle at Liver
pool said that up to 12 o'clock noon there
nad been no traces of bubonic plague in
that port.
NBW YORK, Nov. 1.-Health Officer
Doty said to-day in relation to the re
ported outbreak of bubonic plague at
Glasgow and Liverpool:
•The same regulations will be carried
out in relation to the port of Glasgow as
wh^n the disease recently appeared in
tha; city. As regards Liverpool all steam
ers and their crews and passengers will
be carefully Inspected on arrival at quar
antine. 1 am working in harmony with
the Federal authorities, who carefully in
spect ail passengers before embarking for
this port. I do not apprehend any danger
tv the public health by the appearance of
these cases at Glasgow and Liverpool."
NATIVE SONS OF VERMONT
ENTEBTAIN THEIR FRIENDS
Green Mountain Boys Present Pro-
gramme Replete With Sketches
by Clever People.
Caro True-Boardman, at the entertain
ment given last night by the Native Sons
of Vermont at Odd Fellows' Halt, estab
lished herself as a favorite with the audi
ence by reciting in a clever manner sev
eral dialect pieces. Little Caritarthe 16
year-old conjurer, made a hit. She per
forms her tricks with the skill of a vet
eran, especially the one of furnishing a
meil from cups containing white paper.
red paper and bran.
Mauae Day Caine's contralto solo won
hearty applause from the large audience.
The songs of Liza Lehmann and the
Knickerbocker <juartet were appreciated.
The evenings entertainment closed with
a rendition of Jerome K. Jerome's one
act comedy, "Barbara." with the follow
ing in the cast: Miss Charlotte E. John
stone, Miss Jean M. Baldwin, Frank 1.
Kingweil and William M. Ogilvie.
A social dance followed the entertain
ment.
MAN FROM MINNESOTA
ACCUSED OF ROBBERY
John Campbell Alleges He Was
Choked and His Money Taken
From Him.
Thomas Powers, who says he is from
Minnesota, appeared before Judge Mogan
yesterday on the charge of robbery. He
was instructed as to his rights and the
case continued till November 8. The com
plaining witness is John Campbell, 513
Minna street.
< "ampbell's statement to Policemen
Drtscoll and EsKew, who arrested Powers,
was to the effect that he met Powers
Thursday night in a saloon. Powers aft
erward took him to a room in the Carroll
House on Sixth street.
While Campbtll was in bed Powers
choked him. pulled the bed sheets over his
head, almost suffocating him. and robbed
him of $10 and a sweater. Driscoll and
Eskew arrested Powers on Market street
and later Campbell identified a sweater
he was wearing as the one stolen from
him.
To Experiment on Asphalt Pavements
The Board of Public Works granted per
mission yesterday to Ira B. Dalziel to ex
periment on the pavement on Golden Gat?
avenue, between Taylor and. Jones streets,
and for 200 feet on Lexington avenue, near
Twentieth street. He will sprinkle a light
layer of finely crushed flint rock over Che
asphaltum in order that horses may be
protected against slipping on rainy days.
In a communication to the board Dal
ziel, who is a veterinary dentist, says the
season of rain and fogs is at hand, caus
ing slippery and dangerous streets where
asphaltum is laid, especially if there is an
incline. Fall of horses are hourly oc
currences, and Dalziel hopes to prevent
accidents.
Blew Out the Gas.
Clyde Fremont, a 17-year-old boy from
Worthington, lnd.. was accidentally as
phyxiated Thursday night in a room at
502 Stanyan street. He arrived from the
East about three weeks ago, with Oliver
Speeker and Hark Halton, looking fo
employment. They went to the Chutes
Thursday night and Fremont and Speeke
engagf-d rooms at 502 Stanyan street. 111 1
the morning Fremont was found dead in
bed with the gas turned on. It is believed
that he blew out the light, not being fa
miliar with the use of gas.
Large Crowd at Bazaar.
Although there was no regular pro
gramme last night at St. Mary's Cathed
ral Fair, an immense crowd was in at
tendance. The ladies in charge of the
various booths arc working industriously
to make the closing nights as successful
a* was the commencement. Many of the
booths will hold raffles in order to dispf.s
of the articles still on hand. Last night a
short musical programme was rendered
at the Children of Mary's booth.
Dramatic Monologue.
Mrs. Louise Humphrey-Smith delighted
a large audience last night at Golden Gate
Hall with a dramatic monologue of
Stephen Phillips' masterpiece, "Paolo and
FnooeKt," in four acts. During the
evening Miss Ida Lee Spencer, accom
panied by Mrs. Batchelder, rendered the
following pongs: "A Summer Night" and
'"Why L/jvf- Is King."
General Murphy Dies. '
General Patrick Murphy, one of the well
known pioneers of the State, died yester
day morning at thf Lick House, where
he had been suffering from pneumonia
for a week. General Murphy was one of
the most picturesque characters of the
State. He was brother of Barney Mur
phy of San Jose.
Dr. Dille Describes London.
At Simpson Memorial Church last night
Rev. Dr. Dille held the attention of a
large audience by hfs vivid description of
London. He told of the sights to be seen
on the many streets he traversed during
his visit to the big city. He also described
the public buildings and the places of
interest he visited during his European
trip.
Arrested for Cruelty.
C. Lytle, a horse clipper, was arrested
yesterday at his place of business on
Market street, near Franklin, by Secre
tary Holbrook of the Society for the Pre
vention of Cruelty to Animals for using a
twitch in a cruel and unnecessary man
ner. All the horse-clipping establishments
in the city are to be subjected to an ex
amination by the officials of the society.
Brave Deeds,
Romance, and all the arts and graces are
constant companions to those on whose
walls are hung beautiful pictures. You
wl!! be surprised to find what you can get
at cut store for little money. Sanborn
Vail & Co., 741 Market ctreet. •
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 2, 1901.
STRIKES HARD
AT ANARCHISTS
Strongly Worded Bill
Prepared by Kansas
Congressman.
Provision Is Made for Sup
pression of Yellow
Journalism.
TOPEKA. Kas., Nov. I.— Congressman
Charles Curtis has completed a draft of
a bill for the suppression of anarchy
which he will introduce at the coming
session of Congress.
The bill hits the "yellow" papers very
hard. It provides that any person who
shaU kill or assault with intent to kill
the President or Vice President, a mem
ber or' the President's Cabinet, the Chief
Justice or a Justice of the Supreme Court
of the United States, shall be deemed
guilty of a crime against the Government
t of the United States, and upon conviction
thereof shall suffer death.
Section 2 makes conspiracy to kill any
of the persons mentioned in section 1 a
capital crime, and section 3 provides the
death penalty for all persons who shall
incite, encourage, promote or advocate an
assault with intent to kill upon any of
those enumerated in section 1. Other sec
tions are at follows:
"Section 4. That every person who shall
within the United States incite, encour
age, promote or advance the overthrow
of the Government of the United States,
or who shall diffuse the doctrine of an
arctiy, shall be deemed guilty of a crime
against the Government of the United
States, and upon conviction thereof shall
suffer death.
"Section 5. That every person who shall
join, organize or aid and assist in organ
izing, or belong to any anarchist society,
club or organization, or who shall join,
organize or aid or assist in organizing or
belong to any other society, club or
organization, the object of which is to
overthrow, subvert or change the Govern
ment of the United States, shall be
deemed guilty of a crime against the Gov
ernment of the I'nited States, and upon
conviction thereof shall be punished by
confinement at hard labor in any United
States penitentiary for not less than
twenty years or during life, in the dis
cretion of the court.
"Section 6. That every person who shall
knowingly write, print or publish, or shall
cause to be written, printed or published,
any editorial, article, letter, circular, pic
ture or cartoon intended and designed to
expose the President or Vice President of
the United States, any member of the
President's Cabinet, the Chief Justice or
any Justice of the Supreme Court of the
United States to public hatred, scorn or
contempt, shall be deemed guilty of a
crime against the Government of the
United States, and upon conviction there
of shall be punished by confinement at
hard labor In any I'nited States peniten
tiary for not more than ten years nor less
than one year, provided that nothing
herein shall be held or construed to pre
vent candid, full and free presentation of
public events and public measures, nor to
prevent just and fair criticism of any
public officer."
EASTERN RACE RESULTS.
Season Draws Near Its Close on Vari
ous Tracks.
NEW YORK. Xov. I.— Aqueduct results:
First race, the Stoney Brook Handicap, seven
furlongs— The . Amazon won, May W second.
Unmasked third. Time, 1:28.
Second race, mile and seventy yards, selling-
Lucky Star won, Astor second, Piedrich third.
Time, 1:« 1-3.
Third race, five and a half furlongs—Ex
tinguisher won, Connecticut second, Genessee
third. Time, 1:09.
Fourth race, one mile and a sixteenth, sell-
Ing— Trebor won, Fatalist second, Big Gun
third. Time. 1:49.
Fifth race, six furlongs — won. Right
Away second, Neither One third. Time,
1:15 2-5.
Sixth race, mile and a sixteenth— Mc-
Ginn won. Miss Almy second. Philma Paxion
third. Time, 1:60 1-5.
CHICAGO, Nov. Lakeside summary:
First race, five furlongs — won, John
A. Clarke second. Hat Mitchell third. Time,
1:00 3-6.
Second race, six — Boomeraek won.
The Butcher second, Woodstick third. Time,
1:14.
Third race, six furlongs— Kentucky won. Si
ren Song second, ' Red Apple third. Time, 1:13%.
Fourth race, mile and three-eighths— Ben
Chance won. Frangible second. Uncle Tom
third. Time. 2:24 1-5.
Fifth race, six furlongs — Little Emmy won,
Lysbeth second, Amote third. Time, 1:14 3-5.
Sixth race, one mile— Pay The Fiddler won,
Frank M second, Jim Winn third. Time, 1:41.
CINCINNATI, Nov. 1. — Latonla summary:
First race, six and a half furlongs, selling-
Flop won, Aranche second, Sim W third. Time,
1:21%.
Second race, seven furlongs— Dick
won, Aichle second, Frank Jones third. Time,
I:29>£.
Third race, mile, selling Elsie Bramble won.
Polly Bixby second, Farboe third. Time, 1:42.
Fourth race, mile and seventy yards, selling-
Free Admission won, Q W W second, X"?ls
Morris third. Time, 1:47.
Fifth race, five furlongs, selling — Jean' Ra
phael won, Lulu Flight second, Preble third.
Time, 1:03. . . .'
Sixth race, mile, selling— Schnell Laufer won, ,
Dr. Fayne second, Waterhouse third. Time,
1:43.
Young Peter Jackson Wins.
BALTIMORE, Nov. I.— '•Young Peter
Jackson" knocked out Harry Peppers of
California in the fourth round of a twen
ty-round bout at tho Eureka Athletic
Club to-night. The fight was all in Jack
son's favor.
LOUISVILLE. Nov. I.— Marvin Hart of
Louisville knocked out Jack Beauscholte
of Chicago in the teiith round at Music
Hall to-ninht.
Valuable Racehorses Dying.
MEMPHIS. Nov. I.— George C. Bennett's
two-year-old thoroughbred. Abe Frank,
and his three-year-old race mare, Miss
Bennett, are suffering- from lung fever.
To-night a veterinary surgeon in attend
ance pronounced the condition of both
horses hopeless. Bennett had refused $25,
00 for Abe Frank.
•¦ ? ¦
Berkeley Men Win Easily.
BERKELEY, Nov. I.— Kaarsberg'g jolly
tars from Vallejo went down to defeat
this afternoon before California's eleven.
The defeat was overwhelming, as the
mariners from the naval station left the
li.-kl with only faint recollections of what
a pigskin felt like, so few times had the
ball been in their possession. Only on
four occasions in the fifteen-minute halves
did Vallejo get the ball, and then it was
lost after a few seconds' play. Twice Cal
ifornia failed to make necessary gains,
once the sailors secured the ball on a fum
ble and once through the college men bo
ing penalized because the backs started
before, the ball was snapped back. At the
close of the game the score was 1(1—0. The
teams were made up from the following
players:
California— Gendotti, Overall, Hendrlcks,
Stroud, Braly, Hansen, Womble. Wil
liams, Starr. Hudson, More. Whipple.
Mini. Sherman, More and Kelsey. Kaars
bcrg's team — Cavanaugh, Floathe, Wil
liams. Iveary, Canty. Button. Goshen, Cur
tis, Staples. Carpenter. Lee, McDonough,
McEniry, Kaarsberg and Curtis.
Brokers on Baseball Field.
The E. C. Hetzd baseball team defeated
the Central Grain and Stock Company
team recently at the Presidio grounds.
All Leidesdorff street was represented
among the spectators. The Hetzels won
by a score of 19 to 11. Cashman and
Strauss did some heavy batting, "while
Burke and Flynn, the Central's battery,
proved formidable. The teams were made
up of the following players: Hetzel
Company— M. Burke. Buhot. O'Brien,
Cohen. Cashman, Collins, Hughey Jones,
Straus? and Weil. Central Grain and Stock
Company— Flynn, E. Burke, Walls. Et
tlngor, Morse, Baines. McAlester, Coryell
and Welker. Umpires— Ziska and Milton
Schmidt..
METHVIN ACQi;iTTED.-Ahen O. Methvin I
allns A. Doane. was acquitted by a jury yes
terday in the T'nited Sates District Court of
tho indictment charging jim with stealing three
sows from an Indian i> jhed Tipp at the Round
Valley Reservation.
LARGE BLAZE
IN SANTA FE
REPAIR SHOPS
Fire at Point Richmond
Causes Heavy Loss
to Railroad.
Two Men Badly Injured by
Being Struck by Fall
ing Timbers.
Flames Break Out in the Paint Room
and for a Time Threaten to
Destroy the Entire
Yards.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
118 Broadway, Nov. 1.
Fire at Point Richmond to-night de
stroyed the Santa Fe Railroad's repair
shops and considerable valuable machin
ery. For a time the flames threatened the
roundhouse, immense oil tanks, store
house and other large structures at the
railroad yards. The loss to the company
will reach $125,000. During the progress of
the tire two men were badly injured. Wil
liam Fitzgerald was severely burned
about the arms and face and Frank Bai
ley was struck on the head by falling tim
bers. The loss is a serious one to the
company, for nearly all of the valuable
machinery of the repair shops has been
made worthless, and several weeks must
elapse before the company can replace it.
Shortly after 6 o'clock this evening
flames broke out in the paint room, at the
rear of the shops adjoining the temper
ing furnace. Before an alarm was sound
ed the end of the big wooden structure
was enveloped in flames, and the heavy
black clouds of smoke pouring from the
burning building indicated that the fire
had a good hold upon the frame building
and its highly inflammable contents. Toot
ing whistles summoned the workmen and
yard employes to the scene. Scores of men
aided the local Fire Department and the
yard engines in the desperate fight that
was made to prevent the spread of the
fire.
Locomotives Saved After Hard Fight.
The building was a temporary structure,
60 by 120 feet, and was used to shelter the
extensive repair and mechanical depart
ment until permanent brick buildings
could be erected. As the fire spread at
tention was ti.rned to the roundhouse,
only twenty-five feet away, where a
dozen big locomotives were standing.
These were run out as rapidly as possible
and by desperate efforts were saved from
the encroaching flames. The terrific heat
retarded the flre-fighters, and the dozens
of streams pumped from tanks by the
switch and yard engines were unavailing
to save any portion of the big repair
shop. All that could be done was to pre
vent the fire from spreading to the other
buildings, and particularly to the great
oil tank, only a few hundred feet away,
which contained thousands of gallons of
oil. Fortunately the evening was calm
and the absence of high wind was a ma
terial factor in the fight to prevent the
burning of • the immense oil storage tank.
For an hour the danger was so great that
none believed the yards would be saved.
The adjacent shops and other buildings
were saved, however, and the fire spent
itself upon the repair shops and small
lean-tos connected with them.
It was during the hardest moments of the
battle that Bailey received his injuries.
He had been working with a crew close
to the burning shops when there was «i
sudden crash and down came a mass of
half-burned timbers. He was struck by
part of the wall and knocked senseless.
His companions quickly dragged him
away and he was placed under physi
cians' care. Fitzgerald fell through a
window while fire-fighting and was also
struck by falling timbers.
Repair Department Destroyed.
All that was saved of the repair depart
ment was a boiler shed and a boiler. The
origin of the fire is unknown. It is sup
posed that benzine in the paint room be
came ignited by spontaneous combustion
after the mechanics had loft the place for
the night. Although the furnace in the
tempering department was close by it had
not been in service for several days. That
was not the source of trouble, so the rail
road men believe.
Whether any of the machinery will be
serviceable again cannot be ascertained
until the metal cools and the debris from
the burned building is hauled away. The
railroad people are fearful that every
thing in the building will be a total lose,
and will have to be sold for old junk. The
machinery alone was valued at more than
$10fi,000. This loss, with that to the build
ing and material on hand, will make the
total close to $125,000.
ROCKETS WILL
TELL RESULTS
OF ELECTION
WATCH for signals
from the donio of
The Call building
telling the result of
the municipal election. As soon
as the returns show to a cer
tainty the choice of the people
for Mayor rockets will be sent
up, telling by their color who
has been chosen. If Tobin is
elected white rockets will be
set off. If Schmitz be the win
ner the signals wJLiI be red. If
Wells be chosen* green rockets
will tell the stojjr. Remember
the signals:
TOBIN WHITE
SCHMITZ RED
WELLS GREEN
Bulletins giving election
news from all over the country
as well as locally will be
thrown upon a screen in front
of The Call building by a
stereopticon.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Friday, November 1.
Stmr John S Kimball, Thwlng, SO hours from
Seattle.
Stmr Crescent City, Payne, 31 hours from
Crescent City.
Stmr Rainier, Hanson, SI hours from New
Whatcom.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
SAN DlEGO— Arrived Nov I— Stmr State of
California, from San Francisco.
Sailed Nov 1---Stmr Bonlta, for San Fran
cisco; stmr State of California, for San Fran
cisco.
PORT BLAKELEY- Arrived Nov i— Schr
Meteor, from San Pedro.
OCEAN STEAJIERS.
BOSTON— Arrived Nov I— Stmr New Eng
land, from Liverpool.
H A VkE— Arrived Nov I— Stmr L'Aqultaine,
from New York.
MOVILLE— SaiIed Nov I— Stmr Corinthian,
from Llveroool, for Montreal; strnr Ethiopia,
from OlasEow, for New York.
NEW YORK— Arrived Nov I— Stmr Auguste
Victoria, from Hnmbure.
LIZARD— Pafs?d Nov I— Stmr Koenlgen
Luisa, from New York, for Southampton and
Bremen.
TOT TAN INDICTED— The United States
Grand Jury yesterday returned a true bill
against Toy Tan for aiding and abetting the
escape of Choy Hoo, a Chinese immigrant In
transit for Mexico.
SAY MINISTER
MADE AN ERROR
Washington People Are
Astonished at Por
tugal's Action.
Change in Diplomats a
Probable Result of
Carelessness.
LISBON, Nov. I.— Senor Hota Machadoe
has been appointed Portuguese Minister
at Washington.
WASHINGTON, Nov. I.— Shortly after
the death of President McKinley the Vis
cunt de Santo-Thyrso, Portuguese Min
ister to the United States, was summoned
to Lisbon. According to M. Louis Agusto
de Maura Pinto d'Azendo Taveria, at
present Charge d' Affaires of Portugal in
this city, the Viscount was not made
aware of the purposes of his summons to
the Portuguese capital. M. Taveria said
to-day that further than this he knows
nothing in regard to the report that the
Viscount's removal to Portugal had to do
with a premature announcement of the
death of President McKinley.
W r h.en asked whether an error of this
sort from a diplomatic representative
would be regarded as sufficient ground for
his recall, M. Taveria says that it all de
pended on the temper of the Government
In question.
The State Department expressed incre
dulity and surprise when told of the ap
pointment of a new Minister from Portu
gal, and especially of the allegation that
the change was made because of a pre
r.ature announcement of President Mc-
Kinley's death by Santo-Thyrso. This
was the first news that had reached here
that such a change had been made. The
officials were ciuite sure that so far as
tho United States Government was con
cerned, it had not been embarrassed by
any act of the former Minister, for the
records of condolences received at the de
partment disclose the fact that Portugal
conformed closely to the rules observed
by the other nations of the world.
BANK BURGLAR RICE
CONVICTED OF MURDER
Survivor of a Desperate Battle With
Officers Involved in a Con
spiracy.
MONTREAL, Nov. I.— Frederic Rice was
convicted here to-day on the charge of
murdering William Boyd. Rice is the
only survivor of the notorious trio of
Aurora bank burglars. The murder oc
curred on July 4 last. Boyd and another
Constable were escorting the three pris
oners to the jail when some one threw
two loaded revolvers into their carriage.
In the desperate fight for liberty which
followed, Constable Boyd was shot
through the head.
Counsel for the prisoner was granted »a
reserve case, because the jury found that
he did not actually do the shooting. They
held that he was guilty of murder, how
ever, on the ground that there was a
conspiracy between himself and the two
other prisoners, Jones and Rutledge. The
other robbers are dead. Jones was killed
in the fight in which Officer Boyd was
killed, and Rutledge committed suicide.
NEGRO AND HIS PISTOL
CAUSES TRIPLE TRAGEDY
Louisiana Plantation the Scene of a
Shooting, Ended by a
Suicide.
SHREVEPORT, 1,a., Nov. I.— The story
of a triple tragedy has reached here from
Gresnwood, La., fourteen miles from
Shreveport. The parties implicated are all
negrces and were employed on a planta
tion known as the Hoss place, near Green
wood.
Wash Rawlins entered the home of Vic
toria Anderson, a negro woman, and
found her in the company of a negro
named Charley Williams. He at once
opened fire on Victoria, killing her in
stantly. The weapon was then turned on
Williams, who attempted to escape, but
failed and was fatally wounded. Rawlins
rushed to the door, turned his weapon on
himself and pulled the trigger, dying in
stantly.
SMALLPOX EPIDEMIC
DESTROYING THE TRIBE
Disease Spreads on a Nebraska Reser
vation and Towns Axe
Posting Guards.
SIOUX CITY, lowa, Nov. I.— Reports
from the Winnebago Indian reservation
in Nebraska are to the effect that fifty
three of the 1000 Indians at the agency
have died from the smallpox epidemic
raging there. There is no adequate medi
cal force to care for them, and the dis
ease threatens the destruction of the
tribe.
Every town within twenty miles has es
tablished regular guards, who keep away
every Indian. The Indians are scattered
over 1164 acres and many lie sick and die
without medical attention.
TRAINS IN COLLISION
AND TWO MEN ARE KILLED
Dozen Persons Injured in a Disas
ter on a Eailroad in
Indiana.
VALPARAISO, Ind., Nov. I.— Two men
were instantly killed and a dozen injured
in a collision at 7 o'clock this evening be
tween a local freight train on the Penn
sylvania road and the work train of the
Clifford Construction Company of this
city. The dead:
JOSEPH CLIFFORD of the Clifford
Construction Company, Valparaiso.
CONDUCTOR TOMPKINS of the work
The fatally injured are: Charles Coyer
of the Clifford Company and Brakeman
Johnson.
CHILE IS ORDERED
TO STOP ROADMAKING
Argentine Government Fears Im
provement of Disputed Terri
tory Will Cause Trouble.
LONDON, Nov. I.— "The Argentine
Government has requested Chile to desist
from rcadmaking in the Cordilleras," says
a dispatch to the Daily Mail from Buenos
Ayres, "and has demanded an official dec
laration that the roadmaking already ac
complished does not constitute a claim by
Chile to the territory in dispute. Failing
this assurance, the Argentine Minister, it
is said, will be withdrawn from Santiago
de Chile."
Californians in New York.
NEW YORK, Nov. I.— The following
Calif ornians have arrived at the hotels.
San Francisco— S. Ackerrnan, at the
Hoffman; Miss M. E. Briistach, at the
New Amsterdam; D. H. Kane, at the
Manhattan; O. S. Levy, at the Herald
Square; G. F. Shields, at the Westmin
ster; C. Sutro Jr.. at the Hoffman House:
Mrs. K. A. Withrow, Miss M. N. With
row. Miss E. N. Withrow, at the New
Amsterdam; D. X. Adams, at the Savoy;
R. R. and W. Haskell, at the Marlbor
ough; E. J. Kincaid, at the Bartholdi; M.
J. Kincaid, at the Bartholdi; Mrs. L. H.
Long, at the Kensington; S. D. Nesmlth,
at the Astor House; M. D. Roth, at the
Hotel Savoy; W. H. Vincent, at the Mur
ray Hill. . ••¦
. . ? . ¦•
Hang Negro to Telegraph Pole.
JEFFERSON VILLE, Ga., Nov. I.— The
negro who attempted to assault Mrs.
Daugherty, the wife of Representative
Daugherty. was found hanging to a tel
egraph pole this morning at Allenton. He
was surrounded and captured in a swamp
late last night.
Licensed to Marry.
OAKLAND, Nov. I.— Licenses to marry
were issued to-day to John Silva. aged 28,
and Mary Espinola. 27, both of Oakland;
Joseph A. dv Melo, 32, and Mary Vlctorine,
24, both of Berkeley; Robert Leon Park,
26, San Francisco, and Emily Florence
Tape, 20, Berkeley.
STUDENTS TAKE
SATANIC ROLES
Stanford Juniors Par
ticipate in a Weird
Ceremony.
Youths Garbed as Imps of
Darkness Dedicate the
Class Plug.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Nov. I.—
The class of 1903 to-night dedicated lt»
class emblem, the junior plug, with fiery
and vividly infernal ceremonies. The
scene was laid in the lower regions and
the third-year men. rigged out with black
tights and hoods, horns and tails, made
very realistic devils as they surged
through the flames.
The "plug ugly," in accordance with the
custom instituted by the class of 1902, was
held on the gridiron, and the bleachers
were packed with collegians and visitors
from near by towns, who gathered to wit
ness the awful and imposing spectacle.
The Plutonian fires were produced by a
generous use of kerosene on piles of red
wood and old barrels, and the effect of
the light on the black, queerly costumed
figures was weird in the extreme.
The lighting of the fires discovered
Satan and some of the lesser devils
lamenting over their fall from the king
dom of "Soph" to the kingdom of hell.
Soon a large crowd of devils appeared,
showing evidence, by their charred and
disheveled appearance, of the fall into the
lake of fire. They brought tidings of a
land of bliss, far different from their pres
ent realm, in which annoyance by fresh
men, faculty committees and other griev
ances are unknown. "The devil of a long
time ago" spoke up and said that he
knew the way to the land, but that first
a sacrifice must be made. The spirits of
the nether world chose the' dog Cerberus
for the victim, and after considerable
hard work (with the bulldog actually
used) he was led to the lire and offered
up as a sacraflce. In preparing the dog
for the ceremony (a stuffed duplicate "of
the bulldog being used) a scroll and junior
plug were brought forth from his Interior.
The scroll contained the names of several
well known students said to be on the
'black list" of Chairman Green of the
faculty committee on student affairs, the
local hits worked in being exceedingly
clever.
After the discovery of the plug, Satan
sent out the assembled imps to procure
similar ones for themselves, telling them
that only on presentation of such an
emblem would they be allowed to enter
the promised land. They all rushed forth
and returned carrying their plugs.
The juniors ended their ceremony by
marching off the field, all joining in one of
the numerous catchy songs.
The cast of characters was as follows:
Shameless, Swindling Satan J. W. Cameron
Black, Bellowing Beelzebub C. "W. Thomas
Mad, Murderous Moloch F. E. Nangle
Devil-of-a-Coward H. L. Morrison
Devil-of-a-Blufter T. E. Stephenson
Devil-of-a-Daily Palo Alto R. J. Keith
Devil-of-a-Long- Time-Ago R. O. Hadley
Dago-de-Bracchi W. C. Maloy
Hopetul Herald H. Boyle
Cerberus B. Bulldog-de-Sigma Nu
Legions of "Angels" Members of 1903
RURAL MAIL DELIVERY
REACHING ATT, FARMS
Inhabited Territory in the Country
Will Be Covered Within Five
Years.
WASHINGTON. Nov. I.— Within five
years every farmer, as well as every city
resident, will have his mail delivered at
his door. Superintendent Machem of the
free delivery division of • the Postoffice
said to-night:
"The rural free delivery system will be
:n operation over an area of 1,000,009
square miles, and this will include all the
inhabited territory of the I'nited States.
There will be 6000 rural routes in opera
tion by December 1. Of these 1300 were
established until June 30, 1900. During the
fiscal year ending last June. 3000 were es
tablished. There are now on file 6000 ap
plications and they are coming in by hun
dreds from all parts of the country. It
will take us from a year to a year and a
half to dispose of these and in the mean
time others will undoubtedly accumulate.
The department will be compelled to ask
for a much larger appropriation from
Congress next winter than was granted
for the present fiscal year."
HERRINGS' EXPULSION
DISPLEASES YON BULOW
Berlin Officials Surprised at Action
in Case of the American Cor
respondent.
BERLIN, Nov. I.— With reference to the
expulsion from Prussia of Joseph Her
rings, the American newspaper corre
spondent, the Berlin representative of the
Koenigsberg Hartunsche Zeitung says:
"The expulsion greatly surprised Berlin
officials, who see in the police president's
communique to the newspapers evidence
that the police are too zealous for the let
ter of the law. The higher authorities
here knew nothing of the intended expul
sion. The closing sentence of the com
munique is interpreted by the officials to
mean that Count yon Bulow has ex
pressed displeasure at the action of the
police and is willing to give redress."
The whereabouts of Herrings is not
known in Berlin.
THE DAY'S DEAD,
SAN JOSE, Nov. I.— Mrs. Sarah A.
Merithew, wife of Captain J. C.
Merithew, the vineyardist of Cupertino,
died there on Wednesday night. She was
a native of Prospect, Maine, and 76 years
of age. Mrs. Merithew married her hus
band more than sixty years ago. They
came to California in 1860 and have re
sided in Santa Clara County more than
thirty years. A short time ago Mrs.
Merithew fell and dislocated her hip and
this hastened her death.
E. J. Lonnen.
LONDON, Nov. 2.— E. J. Lonnen. a
well-known comedian, long associated
with the Gaiety Theater, is dead.
A mechanic gets the best
tools wherewith to work.
Why shouldn't a woman?
The best household tool
known is Fels-Naptha soap.
With it the drudgery of
clothes-washing and house-
cleaning is not half as much
as usual, because there's no
boiling.
If upon thorough trial of
Fels-Naptha soap you don't
find this true, your grocer will
promptly refund your money.
We authorize him to do so.
Fels at Co. Gray, Lang & Stroh
Philadelphia lnc >- San *"r»ncisco.
FLOUR EXPLODES
IN BAKER'S FACE
Force of the Concussion
Throws Him Across
the Floor.
Peculiar Accident Occurs
in a San Leandro
Bakery.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
118 Broadway, Nov. 1.
By the explosion of a quantity of flour
at his bakery in San Leandro to-day M.
R. Gotschang, the proprietor of the estab
lishment, was badly injured about the
face, hands and shoulders. The furnaoe
was wrecked by the explosion. Gotachang
is unable to account for the accident.
The explosion occurred while Gotschangf
was heating the oven. To quicken the flre
he used a. quantity of flour in addition to
wood and coal. The flour was the re
mainder of a quantity that he had con
demned and some of it had been acci
dentally dampened by water. He shoveled
It into the furnace upon the wood arid
then stood in front of the furnace door.
Suddenly there was a terrific explosion.
Gotschang was hurled across the floor of
the bakehouse. He did not lose conscious
ness, but soon realized that he wad
severely hurt. His shirt was torn in-.o
shreds and his face and the whole upper
portion of his body was bleeding, in a
few moments a crowd gathered, attracted
by the explosion. When Gotsehangr made
his appearance he was taken in charge by
his friends and hurried to his home,
where Dr. Tormey was summoned to at
tend him. Gotschang told the physician
and other 3 that he had put flour into the
furnace, but could not understand why it
should have caused an explosion.
YUKON RIVER NOT YET
IN CXASP OF WINTER
Stream Remains Open and Boa's
Make Eitra Trip to Bring Out
Dawsonites.
VANCOUVER, B. C, Nov. I.— With 240
saloon passengers the steamer City of
Seattle arrived this afternoon from
Skaguay. Most of the passengers were
:rom the Klondike, having come out to
spend the winter. The most interesting
news brought concerning travel was that
the river is still open down to Dawson
and boats which were to have been laid
up for the winter are making their sec
ond extra trip and carrying more passen
gers than ever. After the fall of snaw
and the cold snap of October 1 the weath
er moderated decidedly and the thin
skimmer of ice on the river on October 5
disappeared. Since then it has been still
warmer and the result is that there is a
sort of second season of navigation. Ona
steamer left White Horse for Dawscn
last Monday and another on Wednesday
and both are now probably on their way
out, laden with passengers.
The greatest excitement was over the
finding of an exceedingly rich section of
Lower Dominion Creek. The Govern
ment concessions company operating
there and on Hunker made the find, and
so far a large amount of gravel has been
taken out, going as high as $2 to the pan.
Sleeping Passenger Is Robbed.
GRASS VALLEY, Nov. I.— Robbed ot
$240 while asleep on a train was the ex
perience of Jacob Scadden, a miner of
this city. Scadden returned this morning
from Butte. Mont. He made the acquain
tance of a stranger when leaving Butte.
the latter occupying a seat in front of the
Grass Valley man. Scadden fell asleep
shortly after leaving the town of Dillon,
and on awakening found his whilom ac
quaintance gone and likewise the $240
which was in his pocket when slumber
overcame him. The conductor refused to
stop the train to let Scadden off near
Dillon, but a telegram with a description
of the thief Was sent from the next sta
tion. No trace ol" the man has been found.
Union Barbers Start Crusade.
SAX JOSE. Nov. I.— The local Barbers'
Union has begun a crusade against bar
bers in this city who have failed to com
ply with the State law requiring tonaorial
artists to obtain certificates of efficiency
from the State Board of Examiners. J.
E. Collins, a member of the- union, swore
to complaints before Justice Wallace to
day, charging Joe Bond!, G. T. Garcia.
N. de Franco and P. Schnitspan with vio
lating the law. Much interest centers In
the cases. Other arrests are cot^
templated.
Sties the Southern Pacific.
SANTA BARBARA. Nov. I— Rev.
Frank W. Johnson of Golita to-day filed
suit in the Superior Court of this county
for $20,000 damages against the Southern
Pacific Railroad Company. About two
months ago Mr. Johnson's wife was killed
by being thrown from a buggy, her horse
becoming frightened at a train passing on
an overhead crossing.
Forger Schmidt Pleads Guilty.
SUISUN. Nov. I.— Henry Schmidt, win
was arrested on Monday, charged with
having forged the name of Captain H.
Brynton to a check for $41, pleaded guilty
in the Superior Court to-day and was sen
tenced by Judge A. J. Buckles to serve
rive years in Folsom State Prison. J. H.
Burke, whom Schmidt implicated and
who was brought back from Stockton,
was discharged.
Youne Bicyclist Killed.
LOS ANGELES. Nov. I.— Reynold*
Pute. a 12-year-old boy, was lnstajitly
killed this morning while riding a bicyc c.
The lad rounded a crowded corner at full
speed and collided with a heavy truck.
which passed over him. Bute's identity
was discovered from the number of his
bicycle, which he had borrowed from a
friend.
Negro Kills Prescott's Marshal.
PRESCOTT, Art*., Nov. I.— H. C.
Cox, City Marshal of Prescott, was shot
and instantly killed by Charles Levy
(colored) this afternoon. Cox had at
tempted to arrest Levy on a trivial
charge. Levy escaped. Citizens generally
closed their stores and officers are now in
pursuit of the negro.
Fels-Naptha
1314
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets; open
until 12 o'clock every night in the year:
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street,
comer Clay; oper^untll 9:30 p. m.
500 Hayes BtreetPopen until 9:30 p. m.
689 McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. m.
£15 Lerkin street; OOCH until 9:30 p. m.
IS4I Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until S d. m.
106 -Eleventh street; open until 9 p. m.
1096 Valencia street; open until 8 p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky streets; open until 9 p. m.
200 Flllmore street: open until 9 p. m.
MEETING NOTICES. k
i?IDELJTY"Lodge No. 120. F. and AM — »
Special meeting THIS .SATURDAY) JV
EVENING at 7 o'clock. Second de-Kjlf
srree. Fellow craft Masons cordially •XT >
Invited. By order of the W. M.
FREDERICK BARRY, Secretary.
EXCELSIOR Lodge No. 166, F. and A m
M.— Third degree THIS EVENING.
November 2, at 7 o'clock. /sL*\
H. J. OWEN, Secretary. *?>
MISSION Lodge No. 169. F. and A. M.- m
Called meeting THIS (SATURDAY ft,
EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. Second de- Tflf
groe. R. E. ALLAN, Secretary. /? >
DORIC Lodge No. 216, F. and A. M — ft
Special mating THIS (SATURDAY) _«%
AFTERNOON, at 3 o'clock. First De- >£5f
*rree, and sjf^in THIS (SATURDAY) '^r >
EVENING at 7:20 o'clock. Third Degree.
Master Masons are Invited. By order of the
Master. J. R. GOLDSMITH, Secretary.
FRANCO-AMERICAN Lodge No. -ami
207, I. O. O. ' F.— Officers and x2?l_^<iX~
members are respectfully request- ¦ig^S?^*
«1 to attend the funeral of our r** l x
late Brother E. ROBINET, from Masonic
Temple, SUNDAY, November 3, 1901. at 1:30
p. m. L CARRAIXE, N. G.
A. LEON AURAPOU. Secretary.
THE California Debris Commission, having re-
ceived applications to mine by the hydraulic
process from N. Gilman, in the American
House Mine, at the American House. Plumas :
Co.. to deposit tailings in a ravine below the |
mine; from James A. Modglin. In the Old
Gardiner's Point Digging*, near Port Wine,
Sierra Co.. to deposit tailings in Saw Mill
Ravine; from the California Company, in the
North Hill Placer Mine, near Milton, Cala-
veras Co.. to deposit tailings in Rich Gulch,
end from L. V. Tefft. in the Lone Star Mine.
r.ear Cromberg, Plurnas Co.. to deposit tail-
Ings in Jackson Creek, gives notice that a j
meeting will be held at room 59. Flood build- |
Ing. San Francisco. Cal., on November 11,
13C1. at 1:30 p. m.
AGENTS WANTED.
AGENTS WANTED— great set of Christ-
mas books now ready. Best and newest books
for children. Colored pictures. Lowest prices.
Best sellers ever known. Agents selling from
32 to 25 books a da-. Also life William Me- j
Kinley and Complete Story of His Assassina- j
tion, including Lives of Lincoln and Garfleld
and Stories cf their Assassination. About 500
extra, large pages. Biggest, best book. Superb-
ly illustrated. Lowest price. Handsome and
valuable premium. 75 it cent to agents. One
bock free with each ten ordered. Freight paid.
Credit elven. No experience necessary. Outfit
free. Sell the best book. Make the most
money. We give the most liberal treatment.
All orders shipped day they are received. We
own the largest binderies and are the enly
publishers shipping books promptly. HENRY
NEIL. £23 Dearborn «st. Chicago. 111.
AGENTS wanted for "Life of President Theo- :
dore Roosevelt"; thrilling illustrated bio-
graphy of our youngest President; complete
outfit mailed on receipt? of S3e in stamps: be
first in the field. S. C. MILLER & CO., Port-
land, Oregon.
"LIFE of McKlnley"; complete books now
ready; can fill orders for book written by i
Marshall Everett or Murat Halstead; best edi-
tiens published; outfit free. S. C. MILLER ;
& CO., Portland, Or. ]
INCREASE ycur income $10 to $25 per week;
no canvassing, no soliciting; strictly legiti- !
mate; no capital required: stamp for partic-
ulars. P. O. box 501. Oakland, Cal.
AGENTS can make $10 per day selling our
novelties; prices on "application. THOS.
rOOTi; CO., Los Angeles. CaL
WANTED — Good, live agents to tell patent
srlass hones; something entirely new. H. A
KAMPE. IS Mason st.
GLOBE Portrait Co. removed to 1067 Market;
agents wanted: car. make $3 to $5 a. day.
MBOPTtPK.
MATERNITY Villa— Goo<3 homes for heaithy In.
fants. Dr. Emllie Funke.l4l6 Sth St.. Alameda.
ASI'HALTUI ROOFING.
J. PELTIER, r^phalt roofing, sidewalks re-
paired; postal. 11S6 Mission; tel. Folsom 2477.
ASTItOLOGV.
PROF. ROUSSEAU, astrologist: complete life
reading, .' v; by mall. 53c. 1163 Market st.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
FREE advice— J. M. VERDENAL, attorney, 314
Montgomery st.— Divorces, private; fees "low; '¦
probating; bankruptcy; collections; suits; ti- ;
tles perfected; documents drawn; mortgages; i
property bought; money loaned; insurance 20c
on $100. P. B. IBAVKBa, evenings, 418' 2 Post i
ADVICE free: divorces private; bankruptcy ;col- j
lections attachments bills of sale; '
partnerships eds; wills drawn ;fees low;open j
eves. THURST' IOOS^ *kt.. r. 4, opp. Sth.
ADVICE free — Divorces a specialty; quick; j
<juiet; no charge without success; collections, I
wills, deeds, etc., prepared; charge low; estb i
16 years. Atty G. W. HOWE. BDO Market st.
COLUMBIAN Law and Collection Agency, sixth
floor, iC6 Market— Legal business of all kinds
solicited ; advice free; able body of attorneys.
ADVICE fr<--e; moderate fee if successful: office '
open evenings. HUGH C. GRANT, 927 Market. 1
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful. W. '
W. DA VII 527 Market st.. pp. Mason. |
L. S. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bids.. ?27 Mar-
ket St.; consultation free; no fees in advance, i
BICYCLES For Sale or Exchange. !
GOOD second-hand bicycles ror~salei $5 up;
send for bargain list. LEAVITT & BILL,
203 Larkin st.
DOARDIXG FOR CHILDREN.
MOTHER'S care and good home for two or
three children; low terms. ICO7 California st.
WANTED— ChiId under 5 years to board; good i
home; terms $6 month. Box 1710, Call office.
BOOKS — XI2VV AND OLD.
BOOKS of every kind bought. Tel. Red 2356. I
HOLIES BOOK CO.. 701-706-708 Mission St.
BtRLAL THINKS. ~
TRUNKS of every description at bedrock I
prices. Factory and salesroom, 826 Howard. :
BCSIKESS CHAKCBS.
A— %iZo; SALOON, living rooms, cheap rent;
surrounded by warehouses; opposite freight
depot. Cfcll 1«, G. WILKE, 26' i Kearny si.
CORNER grocery and bar; living rooms; !
cheap rent; best part of the Mission; see and ;
make an offer. R. G. WILKE, 26'^ Kearny.
A— tICOO— CORNER grocery and bar. doing a |
large cash business: splendid bar trade; rent I
525; sickness of wife only cause of sale. See
R. G. WILKE. aCVfe Kearny st.
A— SI2SO— BAKERY and restaurant: established
for years; doing a first-class paying business.
• Call R. G. WILKE. 26',j, Kearny st.
A— S&O— DELICACY and pork store, with 3
living rooms; rent $14; business established
years ana clearing above $100 per month. Call
R. G. WILKE. 2C\i Kcaxny st.
A— IIOOO— LIQUOR store on Market et. ; estab-
lished many years, doing a good paying busi-
ness ; Investigate and you will find a splendid
business offer. R. G. WILKE, 2CV4 Kearny.
? 130— BRANCH bakery and delicacy store; good
trade; 4 rooms; rent $20. STRAND & CO
209 Kearny st.
JISCO— G ROCERY. bar end butcher shop- re-
ceipts tl ooo month; a snap. STRAND & CO.
209 Kearny st ' "'
$200 — PARTNER; commision business; clears $75 j
month to each. STRAND & CO., 209 Kearny.
J3OO— PARTNER wanted in light buslnessTeat-
isfied with f2O a week; no experience re-
quired; trial given. 835 Market st., room 14.
GROCERY and bar. 3 living rooms; bears full
Investigation. Call at 925 Market st., room 14.
CIGAR store, very good corner, at a bargain
Call at 225 Market st, room 14. " '
$300— RESTAURANT; chance to get bargain;
part down; good location. DONALD McKAE I
£37 Mission St. ," ' I
FOR EALE— A . ood saloon on Market st. ; on '
accaunt cf death will be sold at a bargain; no !
acents. McLEOD & HATJE. 515 Market Et.
A»-$3."-G; Beautiful Market-st. cigar stand eacrl-
Ificed. Ask HEDGES. 461 and 462 Parrott big.
A— CIGAR, stand: 30 to select from; $100 to $1200.
Auk C. L. HEDGES. 461-462. Parrott building.
A— DELICACY Ftore In first-class running or-
der: snap. MITCHELL & CO.. 1206 Market.
$250— RESTAURANT; cost J10CO; rent $30; sound
value. D. Mcßae Furniture Co., 837 Mission.
WANTED— or gentleman with $2500; prop-
osition will bear thorough Investigation. Ad-
_dress box 1712, Call office. ' -
RESTAURANT and oyster house* for Bale; ii
years same place; account sickness. 207 Third.
FOR sale— The old established grocery busi-
ness with bar attached at the SE. corner of
Ellis and Polk ets.. No. 745 Ellis St.; busi-
ness established twenty-five years.
Also the well-known saloon and eating-
house at the NE. corner of Twentieth and
Illinois sts., Potrero, one block from Union
Iron Works.
Sale is caused by death of one partner and
departure of the other partner.
Terms cash. Bids may be made for either
place separately, or for both places together,
and left with WILLIAM P. HUMPHREYS,
No. 401 California St., room 20, on or before
November 6. 1901. Bids subject to objection.
FOR Half-Interest in a well paying and
old established bakery known as the Pioneer;
not necessary to be a baker. Address H.
SCHUCK. 124 J st, Sacramento.
FOR — Saloon and liquor store on a prom-
inent transfer corner; will be sold at a bar-
gain. Box 15£2. Call office^
FOR Sale— lf you have $550 and want a bargain
In a Fruitvale chicken ranch answer im-
mediately. Box 1703, Call office.
PARTNER wanted with small capital for bak-
ery and coffee saloon. 321 Ellis st.
FOR ¦ Sale— Laundry route, with horse . and
wagon. $150. 3372 Mission st.
$1000— A GOOD grocery business in San Jose.
Address Call office. San Jose. _^_
$1400— COUNTRY hotel in railroad town of 25,-
00; contains tO rooms well furnished; barroom
and dining-room; 40 regular boarders ; rent
only $75 per month; clears over $200 per
month; books open for inspection; bargain in
this; 111-health only cause of sale. C. F.
MOORE. 935 Market st, room 6.
FOR Sale— ln a thriving Interior town in Cal-
ifornia, a well equipped drug store, doing a
paying business; the owner desires to sell only
because his health is poor. Address MACK
& CO., 13 and 15, Fremont st "
ROOMING and boarding houses, hotels, flats,
stores and business places of every description
sold and exchanged. McBRIDE & CO., 993
Market St.; phone Folsom 450.
FOR sale— One of the best transient corner sa-
loons in city; established 20 years; with 44
newly furnished rooms; will sell together or
separate; price $6000. Box 1408, Call office.
A GOOD opportunity— Owing to other interests
I will sell a first-class livery stable; Al trade;
good location; full investigation to buyer.
Box 1147. Call office.
FOR — Grocery business In Sulsun, Cal., do-
ing a fine cash business; established five
years. Call or address P. O. box 52, Sui-
sun. Cal. , ¦
PLAY a system and beat the races; this is not
a scheme, but a straight business proposition.
Racing System, 698 Fourth st.
PARTNER in small laundry business; one who
can command some trade preferred. 219% 6th.
PARTNER wanted: good carpenter; one of the
best shops In the city. Box 1585, Call office.
CORNER grocery and bar; fine location;
cheap rent. Box 1459, Call office.
BARBER shop. 3 chairs; profits $40 week;
cheap; no agents. 803 Kearny st.
FOR sale — Cheap established saloon; good busi-
ness; first-class place. 12 Jackson st
FIRST-CLASS saloon with grocery; on account
of death. Inquire at 1597 Folsom st.
— RESTAURANT and coffee saloon to-day;
secure it. Apply furniture store, 837 Mission.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
Al TRANSIENT HOUSE.
Good corner; money maker for right party;
don't fail to see this bargain; easy payments.
RETSLOFF, 606 Market st.
A FEW SAMPLES OF OUR LARGE LIST:
Any of the following on monthly payments:
I rooms on Ellis; a bargain $325
17 rooms; $250 can remain; clears $85 500 1
S3 rooms; grand transient location 2,200
25 rooms; good location; clears $150 1,200
20 rooms; best in the city 2,300
13 rooms; fine furniture 1,050 j
21 rooms; corner; part cash 1,500 j
28 rooms; piano; clears $60; payments.... 400 '
t-y rooms; grand corner; clears $600 6.950 i
42 rocms; cost $12,000 to furnish 7,000
€ rooms; $125 cash, balance payments.. 350
40 rooms; always rented; sacrifice 1,250
CALL. WE CAN SUIT YOU.
IS rooms; respectable; clears $90 1,500
10 rooms; modern; hotel; clears $600 10,000 i
20 rooms; good location; money maker... 750 1
MONEY LOANED :. PHONE JOHN 531
A. H. RETSLOFF. 906 Market st. »'
ALL BARGAINS— CALL FOR LIST.
S rooms; on Mission $275
9 rooms; tine corner 325 ¦
24 rooms; the best 3000 |
12 rooms; large yard $. 1500 j
40 rooms; boarding 4500 !
17 rooms; line "corner 1350 ]
60 rooms; apartment house 4200 :
7-room flat on McAllister st 225 \
MONEY TO LOAN ON ANY HOUSE.
5 rooms; fine yard 350
I' -room house; fine location 425 ;
24 rooms; on Geary st.. 1900 j
ICO rooms; clears $350; payments to suit... 6000 I
16 rooms; transient; only $400 cash 750 j
8 rooms; fiat; near City Hall 350
IS rooms; on Sixth st; clears $80 800 j
24 rooms; on Market st. clears $150 1600
10 rooms; on Mason st. ; new 750 J
32 rooms; offices; clears $250 3500 j
21 rooms; $600 cash, balance payments 1250 !
ABSTRACTS FREE WITH EVERY HOUSE.
FRENCH SPOKEN.
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market; teL Mint 796.
THE DONALD INVESTMENT CO.,
850 Market st Tel. Davis 2SI
WE HAVE NEW 45-ROOM HOUSE. WE
FURNISH TO YOUR ORDER. WE WILL
SELL IT TO YOU AT YOUR OWN PRICE-
PART CASH.
36 rooms; good income $2,600
18 rooms; Folsom st 730;
17 rooms; good transient location '. 1,500 i
15 rooms; Van Ness; good furn 1,400 |
6 rooms; fine furn.; a nice home 700
5 rooms; a bargain 650
13 rooms; good; new; clean 1,500
16 rooms; fine condition; all rented 1,600 !
19 rooms; modern house; fine furn 2,500 !
21 rooms; well furn.; good Income 2,600 I
15 rooms; good location; pays well 1,500
6 rooms; good furn. and carpets 500 1
100 rooms; elev.; furn. and carpets new.. lo, I
40 rooms; new furn. and carpets; lease.. 5,000
AT once— Lady with few hundred dollars to '
manage Al rooming-house with boarders, i
DONALD INVESTMENT CO.. S5O Market St. !
A. CAMERON & CO..
850 Market st. and 8 Stockton st.
Rooms -1. 22 and 23. Phone Bush 328.
See our list of bargains.
75 r.; rent $17.'; Al loc; carp., fur.; full. .$5500
38 r.; rent $100; hotel and bar; 30 board's. 2603 :
26 r. ; rent $75; Market; well fur.; pays.. 1000
34 r.; rent $60: good fum., lnc $105 1000 j
30 r. ; rent $25; cor.; fine flat; pays well.. 475
I r. ; rent $35; water free; good home 300 i
7 r. ; rent So'; Ellis; modern flat 500 '
( r. ; rent $35; fine little fiat 275 ;
Flats, 3 to 14 rooms. $150 to UOOO ;
Private residences, 7 to 28 r., 1250 to $3000.
MARION GRIFFIN. 719 Market St., rms. 1, 2.
r sm. Black 1-8-0-3; office near Call bldg. '
He has 4 salesmen. Business is booming. . .
He has 3 ladies canvassing for lodging-houses.
Get his free list of 541 lodging-houses.
He has money to loan; payable monthly or I
yearly. Itemized inventory with every house. |
A CLEAR TITLE OR NO SALE.
Several good city and country hotels. '
Houses, prices an} terms to suit all buyers.
FOR sale at great bargain, price $1400, 37-room I
1 house on Market St.; rent $50; must be sold !
at once. McBRIDE & CO.. 993 Market st.
$900— 14-ROOM house, a bargain; half cash,
balance to suit purchaser. McBRIDE & CO.
9J3 Market st .
FOR Sale— At a great sacrifice a 100-roomed
house paying $150 per month; rent $65; price
$150 a 993 Market Et. McBRIDE & CO.
I A— lo ROOMS; Ellis St.; rent $32 50; 0n1y.. 5300
16 rooms; good furniture, carpets; only.. 725
12 rooms; Market st. ; rent $4); good house. 550
Many more bargains; get our list first.
MITCHELL & CO., 1206 Market 3t.
A— NOTICE— We have rooming-houses, all sizes
and prices. in all parts of the city; get our
list first. , MITCHELL & CO.. 1206 Market st
THE largest and best list of lodging-houses,
hotels and business chances can be found at
the office of FISHER & CO.. 935 Market St.;
phone Folsom 1592. : .
BUYERS— Before buying a house go to
1 G. W. SCHWEINHARD. i \
Phone Mint 1911. 917 Market st., opp. Mason.
He can suit you in houses and prices.
FOR sale — Lodging-house near water front; 14 ]
rooms; paying business. Address box 1708. Call.
CHIROPODISTS.
i BUNIONS, corns. Ingrown nails; painless cure.
DR. DUNCAN. 206 Kearny st, room 307.
CORNS, bunions, ingrown nails removed with-
out pain. Dr. E. Menor, 6 Eddy st-. room 105.
SPIRITUALISM.
A— MRS] FAKNHAM, spiritual medium
and life reader; mining a specialty; clr. Sun.,
Wed. and Friday evenings. 1035 Market st.
] C. V. Miller, world's famous materializing me-
dium; spirits speak face to face; seance Tue.,
Fr.. Su.. 8 p. m., &oe. 1084 Bush ; p. Larkin 2275.
j MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, bus. medium;
life reader; medical, clairvoyant; sittings, $1;
letter. $2. 1164 O'Farrell st; Ellis car.
PROF. GEE, 108 Sixth - St.— Satisfactory
readings. 60c and $1; circle every night. 10c
Mrs. Lester. 148 6th. r. 12— Medium, palmist &
magnetic healerrread'gs daily Howard 1129.
MRS. ELSIE REYNOLDS, materializing seance
Sunday eve. HE Taylor St., corner Ellis.
EDWARD EARLE will return Sunday; grand
slate writing seance. 328 Ellis st.
Mrs. Van-Baker's circles Tues. & Friday eves.,
25c; everybody get a test. 732 Eddy; no 6lgn.
ARNOLD DICKSON, tells everything; 60c, $1;
full materialization Thurs., Sun. eve. 201 Turk.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 2, 1901.
SPJRITPA^ISM-^^tlnned. • ;
BROCK WAY'S psychic seance, Sunday. Tues-
day, Thursday. 8:15 p. m. : 26c: readings dally.
299 Hyde, cor. Eddy; phone Hyde 2564. :
FRIENDSHIP Hall, 835 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer; sittings daily; teat to all to-night, 100.
HARMACHEIS read this week only COc; con-
vlnclng test dr. every eve.. 10c. 382 O'Farrell.
CLAIRVOYANTS. s>
A— ISMAR, THE GYPSY.
Ismar. the Egyptian Gypsy, draws aside the
uncertain years ahead; happiness and success
go hand and hand, yet hundreds fall where suc-
cess is possible, were it not for the lack of fore-
sight into the future; If you are in trouble of
any kind, discontented, unhappy or not satisfied
In life, consult Ismar, for she is a prophetess
of world-wide fame, and her name has become
a proverb in thousands of homes made happy
by her aid and advice; Ismar can be con-
sulted daily from 10 a. m. to 6 p. m., Sundays
from 10 to 13 a. m., at her office, 1148 Market
St., opposite Sixth. ¦ .
SPECIAL— to a large number of inquir-
ies from country patrons Ismar wishes to an-
nounce that her readings by mall are equally
as satisfactory as in person; readings by mail
$2; send lock of hair, date and year of birth.
ME. M. BERNARD,
THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently
located at 17 Third st., next Examiner bldg. She
reads your life correctly, gives an accurate de-
scription of the past, reveals the present hap-
penings and portrays events to occur in the fu-
ture. If you are in trouble, -discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied in life, or have domestic),
love or business troubles, consult this great
medium and you will be told how to overcome
them. Valuable advice in all affairs of life;
25c up; satisfaction guaranteed. Tel. Black 4569.
MRS. DR. F. CLARKE, the well-known trance
medium, is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
ket St., corner Golden Gate aye., rooms 25 and
26; take elevator. Perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mail; send stamp for pamphlet
with special terms. Daily and Sunday.
LINCOLN, CLAIRVOYANT.
HIGH PSYCHIST.
The most wonderful clairvoyant on the coast;
he succeeds when others fail; permanently
located at 125 Turk st. readings by mail.
ME. AF.NDT, the great clairvoyant, tells past,
future; never fails: has the greatest Egyptian
secret; shows picture future husband or wife;
fee 25c and up; satisfaction to everybody; open
Sundays; hours 10 to Bp. m. 21.1 ,4 Sixth st.
ISMAR, the Egyptian Gipsy, clairvoyant and
. palmist, permanently located 1148 Market, op-
posite Sixth; private readings daily, 10 a. m.
to sp. m. Sundays from 10 to 12 a. m. .
ME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil— second sight;
diagnoses diseases with life reading; ladies 50c,
gents $1; palm, and clair. sit. $1 50. 126 Turk.
Princess Ishmael, clairvoyant, 1008V4 Market,
from Alohobar; Ist appearance: read life with-
out ques.; hrs. 9a. m.-9 p. m. ; Sun. till 2p. m.
Miss M.W111e,326A Elllst St., greatest of all crys-
tal seers: reads your life correctly; full names
given; sittings, 50c up; 3 questions by mail $1.
CARD reading; ladies 10c, gentlemen 25c. 625
Minna St., downstairs. .
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader; ladles
25c. gents DOc; readings daily. 132 Sixth st.
MRS.' DR. V.ALEEN, clairvoyant, palmist, gives
names; advice all matters. 1583 Market,, nr. 12.
CLAIRVOYANT, card reader, from Louisiana;
only 10c; from 1 to 8. 262 Minna St., nr. 4th.
MRS. MELVILL, well-known clairvoyant, water
reader. 11 6th; German spoken; tel. Jessie 1563.
MRS. ' B. Baumann, well-known fortune teller,
has removed from 315 O'Farrell to 222 Eddy.
ME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, reader; palmistry:
truth or no pay; 25c. 1149 Mission, over store. !
ME. SCHAFFER. clairvoyant, card reader;
sittings daily. 448^4 Jessie >t., bet. Cth and 6th.
ME. RAVENNA reads life fluently: business
advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works. 353-357 Tehama St.; tel. South 40.
•MODERN Co»; steam cleaning, 3c: laying;
cleaning on floor. Phone Mint 301; 923 Mission.
AMERICAN Carpet-beating Cleaning,
3c: renovated; relald. 104 14th st.;tel. Capp 2542.
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO., Prop, j
RUDOLPH & CO., carpet-beatingr works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison; tel. Mission 263.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-cleaning Works,
33 Golden Gate aye. ; telephone East 126.
CITY Steam Carpet-beating Works. G. H.
STEVENS. Mgr., 38-40 Sth st; tel. South 250.
J. E. MITCHELL, Carpet-cleaning and Reno- \
vating Co., 240 Fourteenth St.; tel. Mission 74. j
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No charge un-
less successful. Room 310, 927 Market st.
COLUMBIAN Law and Collection Agency, room
85, 918 Market. Advice free; tel. Red 5211.
COTTAGES TO LET.
$13— NEARLY new; 4 rooms. 464 Douglass St.,
near Twenty-first, Castro-st. cars.
DENTISTS.
A— DR. T. S. HIGGINS, 927 Market~streeti
Emma fipreckels building:. Reasonable prices !
for painless dentistry; pure gold filling $150; '
artificial, teeth, on plate, look natural and
guaranteed, $5 up; a good metal plate, $15;
gold and porcelain crowns, $5 to $10; teeth
without plate; painless extraction.
AT the "ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, 809 Mar-
ket St., cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
$3 50 up; plates, extractions free, $4 50 up; of-
fice hours. 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sundays, 9 to
2p. m. J. W. THATCHER, M. D., Manager.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions or fillings by my
wonderful secret, painless method ; 20 years'
experience; no students; advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st.
A— NEW unbreakable plate, the Rose Pearl,
warranted for 20 years; crowns. $3 50; fillings.
" 50c: plates, $5. full set; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth.
AMALGAM fillings. $1; silver fillings, 50c; gold
or porcelain crowns, $5: set of teeth, $7;
teeth extracted painlessly. New York Den-
tists, 9C9 Mission st, southeast corner Sixth. !
PARIS Dental Parlors. 235 Kearny, cor. Bush-
Full set of teeth, $4; crowns, $3; fillings, 25c.
AT Ideal Dental Co.. 6 Eddy St.— Work done
on weekly Installments; lowest rates.
YOU can save 40 per cent on dental work by
I going to DR. BROWN, 54 Sixth st.
! SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. G.
I YOUNG. 1841 Polk st. '
DR.R.L. WALSH. 815% Gcary.nr.Larkin— Pain-
less extraction 50c;p!ates $5 up;phone Polk 1135.
I DR. H. G. TRUMAN, dentist, third floor, Ex-
| amlner building;^formerly In Murphy bldg.
DETECTIVE AGENCIES.
INVESTIGATIONS, civil and criminal; reliable
and efficient work guaranteed. Address D.
' US VAN. 314 Leavenworth st.
DOG HOSPITALS.
DR. CREEL C. P. dog soap by druggists
or at the Hospital. 510 Golden Gate aye.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School—
Class rates; patterns cut. 1019 Market st.
FRENCH accordion and knife pleating. WM.
PILGER. 121 Post, over O'Connor & Moffatt.
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD S 15HOOL of electiucal^engi^
NEERING— demonstration, construc-
tion; laboratory and shop work; thoroughly
practical; day and night 24 Post st., S. F. ;
catalogue free. - ¦ ¦*.¦•¦¦
AYRES' Leading Business College, 723 Market—
$8 per month: $50 life scholarship guarantees a
complete business education; shorthand, typ-
ing, bookkeeping, arithmetic,  penmanship,
spelling, Spanish, etc.; experienced teachers;
new typewriters; positions secured; cat. free.
HEALD'S SCHOOL OF MINES, 24 POST ST.,
S. Thorough courses; complete equipment;
all subjects pertaining to mining and mining
engineering; day and night ; catalogue free.
A— The official reporters of theSupremeCourt ad-
vise their friends to attend the GALLAGHER-
MARSH COLLEGE. Is this advice worth fol-
lowing? Life scholarship $50; catalogue.
THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school .for the university, law and medical col-
leges; references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
CALIFORNIA Business College: most thorough
modern methods; positions for all graduates;
new 60-page catalogue free. 305 Larkin st. ..
MERRILL-MILLER College— Shorthand, typ-
ing,. practical bookkeeping. Rooms 40-43, Par-
rott bldg. ; : individual Instruction;' catalogue.
ENGINEERING— CiviI, elec, ; mining, mech.sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day, eve.; est. 1864. Van
der Naillen School, 113 Fulton, nr. City. Hall.
BOOKKEEPING, figures; the one man who per-
fects beginners, college graduates & bookkeep-
ers Is TARR, the expert, 220 Parrott building.
FRENCH, Spanish, Prof.DeFHippe's Academy
of Languages.32o Post; estab'd 1871; ablest profs.
Leo Cooper's -' School :of ' Acting. : . 814 1 Geary j st. •
day, and even, classes; send for new "circular.
ENGLISH, Latin, Mathematics, Literature a
specialty. MISS ROULSTON, 776 O'Farrell st.
EDUCATTOJf AL— Continued. j
A FULL course of Ellis bookkeeping: and the
Gregg shorthand costs only. $60. San Fran-
Cisco Business College, 1236 Market st. -
Chicago Business College, 1435 Market, nr. 10th—
Pitman shorthand, typing, bookkeeping. $6 mo.
MARY P. WESTHAUS, piano, mandolin, guitar
lessons. BOo ; piano for practice. 39 Fifth st.
VAUDEVILLE School of Acting— pre-
pared for the stage.. 125 Mason st. • ¦ '¦
PROF. L. MERKI experienced teacher; violin.
mandolin, guitar; Juvenile class. 1008 Mission.
ILLUSTRATION— PARTINGTON'S DAT and
ILLUSTRATION— night class. 424 Pine st.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post st, S. F.;
founded 1563; new 80-page catalogue free.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc. ; day or eve. ; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr.' 6th.
*'¦ EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A— JAPANESE reliable ' housecleaning; also
cooks and waiters furnished at short notice.
George Kinochlta, 783 Haight; tel. Fell 6046;
br'ch 605 Stevenson, cor. 7th; tel. Folsom 2711.
JAPANESE and Chinese help of all kinds;
cooks, waiters and house servants. GEO. ;
AOKI & CO., 421 Post St.; tel. Bush 135. .
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office—
Best help. 411% O'Farrell St.; tel. East 426.
CHINESE Employment Office— All kinds of
help furnished. 439 Bush st. ; tel. James 1601.
JAPANESE Intelligence Office— Furnish most
reliable help. 524 Bush st. ; tel. Bush 516.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese. Chi-
nese help. 426 Powell, nr. Sutter;tel.Black 5072.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton: Main 5188.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— FEMALE.
A YOUNG school girl wishes to get a place
in a small family or with an old lady to help
with light housework. Call or address 9
Flint place, oft Vallejo St., bet. Sanaome and
Battery. -¦'- ¦- ¦ . •
RESPECTABLE colored girl desires situation
as lady's maid, nurse or second work; refer-
ence. Address 28 Stone st, bet. Powell and
Stockton, off Washington.
MIDDLE-AGED lady, reliable and competent,
wants position as housekeeper; references;
city or country. MRS. L. JEAN, 585 Fourth
St., Ookland, Cal.
DRESSMAKER and tailoress wishes work by
the day; good fitter; understands the busi-
ness; $2 per day. Address box 1687, Call.
COMPETENT woman wishes position as laun-
dress or house and window cleaning or gen-
eral housework. 444 Jersey st.
A WOMAN wants work by the day washing,
housecleaning, window washing; $1 35 a day.
Call 1783 Haight st, near Golden Gate Park.
A YOUNG girl wants to do light housework;
can't cook but is willing to learn. Call B.
N., 60 Ivy aye.; no postals. ¦
A RELIABLE woman wants work by the day
washing or housecleaning. Address M. S.,
10 Lily aye.
GIRL wishes situation, light housework, small
family; wages $12 to $15. Call or address 273
Church st., Castro st. cars. .
WOMAN wishes position as working housekeep-
er or as lady's nurse, city or country. 535
Howard st.
A YOUNG lady wishes to do light housework
and half on Sundays. Box 1677, Call office.
SITUATION wanted for second work or house-
work or sewing. 1609 Howard st.
MIDDLE-AGED woman wishes mending to do.
1079 Market St.. room 2.
WANTED— By honorable, intelligent middle-
aged lady, position as companion, housekeep-
er or position of trust; wages no object; pleas-
ant home. Box 1558, Call office. '
FRENCH young lady with best education
wishes a position in a good family to give
lessons to children. Address E. M., 814 Jack-
son st. ,
WOMAN wishes washing and ironing and gen-
eral work by the day; $1 50 per day. 148
Sixth st.. room 22.
WANTED— to care for children and sew;
no objection to country. Call 1158 Railroad
aye.. East Oakland. .
GOOD cook wants situation; city or country.
148 Sixth St., room 75.
GIRL wishes situation for general housework;
wages $20. Call at 1212 Scott st, near Ellis.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket— rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night; $160 to
$6 week;- convenient and . respectable; free
'bus and baggage to and from ferry. '
I CLASSIFIED advertisements and' subscriptions
j received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1006
Valencia st. ' ¦ "
"" " ""*"* *^^™ "" '^ *" """^ "^"*^*"" — '^
EMPLOYMENT WASTED MALE.
MIDDLE-AGED single man about private
place; plain gardener and clean windows;
handy, sober and steady; understands running
gasoline engine, take care horses, good driver;
best references. W. 8., box 1679, Call office.
SITUATIONS wanted by man and wife; wife
is a perfect cook; man perfect gardener and
coachman. O. F., 1309 Stockton st.
! YOUNG man wants position as bell boy; city
or country; experienced; best of references.
Box 1685. Call offlc<".
FIRST-CLASS gardener wants position; ex-
perienced In all branches; best of references;
city or country. Box 16SS, Call office.
YOUNG man (24) would like to drive a deliv-
ery wagon or team of any kind; best of ref-
erence or security given. Box 1682, Call office.
SITUATION wanted in the photograph busi-
ness as an assistant or retoucher. Address
1509- Howard st.
STRONG willing young man as porter or any
kind of work. Box 16S0. Call office.
YOUNG man, 26, thorough business education,
good Spanish correspondent, who has trav-
eled in Europe and South America, well ac-
quainted with commission and banking busi-
ness, desires position; best references on per-
. sonal Interview; bond if necessary. Box 1496,
Call office.
A STRONG reliable young man with sev-
. eral years' experience In liquor work wants
position in any capacity In liquor or wine
house; can do barrel repairing; good refer-
ences. Box 1113, Call office.
A YOUNG man with good business training
and experience wants position in dry goods or
gent's furVilshing store; no objection to coun-
try or small town. Box 1559. Call office.
MIDDLE-AGED man, handy with all kinds of
tools, wants steady work any place or in
factory or wholesale house or. as watchman;
Al references. M. L., 71912 Bush st
FIRST-CLASS coat operator wants a position;
is also a second cloakmaker operator. Ad-
dress M. GOLDBERG,' 226 Seventh St. ,
A GERMAN man and wife without children,
reliable desire to take charge of country
place. Box 1731. Call office.
MIDDLE-AGED man wants situation to care
for horses; good gardener i»Js handy with
tools; private residence. 613 Montgomery st.
RELIABLE, Intelligent and energetic sales-
man 'with experience wishes position with
an established house. Box 1594, Call office.
WANTED— A chance to learn photography in a
gallery. Box IBS 9, Call office. ,
GOOD cook wishes situation for hotel, restau-
rant or boarding-house. 62 Second st., rm. 24.
JAPANESE honest boy, speaking English,
. wants situation as school boy in small family;
wages $2 up. T. 1., 121 Halcht st. -
JAPANESE first-class cook wants situation In
private family; understands any style of. cook-
ing. Apply YAMA, 923 Sacramento st.
GARDENER, steady, competent and reliable,
wants situation. Please address box 1569, Call.
POSITION . wanted .as watchman by j trust-
' worthy man. Address A. H.. 2993 Folsom st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore st
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 10.16
Valencia st. .:. . ....
FINANCIAL. *
PACIFIC Coast Underwriting Co. \ (Inc.)— We
have 42 offices in operation; new method of
. placing stocks and bonds; companies incor-
porated; stocks and bonds underwritten. Call
or address main office, 507-8-9 Parrott bldg. •
COMPANIES ¦ promoted : and financed, stock
taken in payment for services; good mining
and "Industrial propositions wanted; '* gold
. bonds furnished PACIFIC STATES MINING'
AND INVESTMENT CO.. 326 Post st.
FLATS TO LET.
NEW 'upper 10-room flat; bay windows In every
room; fine grounds and view. Northwest cor-
ner Portola and Duboce Park, off Waller, be-
tween Steiner and Pierce.
SUNNY 9-roonv:flat on park panhandle for
¦ rent; furniture ' and carpets for sale. • Apply
-. room 310. 503 California St., between 11 and
- 12 a. m. - • . ;
NEW flat, 7 rooms, for rent; furniture for sale;
vicinity Broadway and Laguna; $25; no
agents. Box 1709, , Call of flee. i
NEW and cheap; 5 flats; from $22 50 to $30; 7
rooms and \ bath ; all modem improvements ;
marine • view. SE. corner Green and Steiner.
O'FARRELL, 1931 and 1933— Modern flats; 6
rooms and bath each; yard, basement; reason-
> able rent to good, tenants. :.>*,» - ¦' . .--; ' ",
ELEGANT sunny flat; - 6 rooms, bath, base-
; ment, ; yard. Apply 30 Castro St., near 15th.
PLATS TO LET — Continued.
FTJRNlSHED^flarfoTreiu-^desTrable part Cal-
Ifornla st. Box 1684. Call office.
HOWARD 128— Flat of 3 rooms and bath; rent
reasonable. -
POST, 525 A —Flat of 3 rooms; suitable for busi-
ness; rent reasonable.
VALLEJO, 1220, near Hyde— Fine new flat, 6
roomß and bath; rent only $18 50; very sunny.
$13 50—289 Shipley st., near Sixth; middle flat;
bath, gas, yard, sunny.
NEW upper flat. 7 rooms and bath. 2336 Pine
St., corner Steiner.
HAVES, 1747, near Park— Modern sunny flats, 4
and 5 rooms. $14 and $20; bath; water free.
TREMONT ay., 158 A, near Frederick, Ashbury
Heights— Upper flat. 8 rooms and bath: new.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak, $48 50, with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co., 1127-1131 Market.
BLACK walnut mantel and sideboard; a great
chance for some builder. 760 Howard st.
FURNITURE WANTED.
WILSON buys all kinds of household good*.
1710 Market; tel. South 413.
10,000 YARDS old carpets wanted. D. GREEN-
wALT. 708 Valencia St.; tel. Church 11S6.
A. WOLLPERT, 773 Mission St., pays highest
price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1304.
A L. STORRS, 634 Ellis st. ; telephone Lark'.n
2iS2; highest price paid for furniture, carpets.
TEL. Jessie 761 before selling furniture, car-
pets, pianos, etc. CHAS. LEVY, 1135 Market.
FRAJIIiS AND PICTURES.
CLYDE L. KELLER, 128-130 Hayes, nr. V.Ness
—Best work and lowest pricey west Chicago.
GLOVES.
D. & F. new $1 glove, retailed at factory price;
warranted; kept in repair. 121 Grant aye.
HELP WANTED FEMALE.
MRS. M. E. DAY & CO., Phone Main 1575.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT.
3 waitresses, new hotel. $20, fares paid; 12
waitresses, city and country hotels, $2U and
$25; 2 restaurant waitresses, $6 and $7; lunch
waitress, 60c.
FAMILY DEPARTMENT.
4 cooks, city and country. $30; 2 second girls,
$25; houseglrls, nursegirls; second girls, etc.;
best wages. MRS. M. E. DAY & CO., 335
Geary st, ; two neat young salesladies for
candy store, $7 to begin; no experience nec-
essary. MRS. M. E. DAY & CO., 335 Geary.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S, Phone Grant IK.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT.
Waitresses, cooks, chambermaids to wait;
call and select a place.
FAMILY DEPARTMENT.
First-cla3S cook for first-class American
family, $35, see party here 9:30 to-4ay; cook
for 9 students; cooks housegirls, second girls,
nursegirls, etc. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104
Geary st.
•WANTED— Cook, institution, $40; cook, see lady
at 11 a. m., $30; 5 cooks. American families,
$30; cooks, 2 in family, $35; two laundresses,
private family. $25; 2 women, cleaning insti-
tution, $20; kitchen helper, institution, $20;
restaurant waitresses, $7-$8 a week. $30
month; 4 housegirls, 3 in family, $25; board-
ing-house cook, $35; 50 housegirls, city and
country. $20-$25. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 316
Sutter st.
A — TWO experienced girls for labeling and
painting cans; steady work; $7 50 week. Ap-
ply to MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay St.
MACHINE operators at LEVI STRAUSS &
CO.'S overall factory. 32 1 «. Fremont St.; good
wages; no experience necessary; steady work.
Apply MR. DAVIS.
EXPERIENCED operators on fancy and neg-
ligee shirts; also a few bright girls about 16
years of age for instruction; paid while learn-
ing. Standard Shirt Factory, corner Gough
and Grove sts.
GIRLS 14 to 18 years old; clean, pleasant day
work, knitting mill of GANTNER & MAT-
TKRN, 1017 Hyde St.
EXPERIENCED operator on hemstitching ma-
Chine. 220 Sutter St., room 25.
GIRL to learn hairtlressing: paid while learn-
ing. 143 Stockton St., room 1.
SERVANT to do general housework; small
family. Call at 79 Central aye., near Haight.
GIRL for general housework; sleep home pre-
ferred; no washing. 1234 Bush st.
REFERENCED child's nurse. $25; second girls,
$20. CATTELL'S. 525 Eighth st. Oakland.
WANTED — Girls to work on coats. 27 Geary
st. S. N. WOODS.
WANTED — Experienced lady wrappers for dry
goods. Apply at HALE BROS.', between 8
and 11 a. m.
APPRENTICES to learn tailoring; paid while
learning. Belasco & Harris Co., 541 Market
WANTED— First-class waist, skirt and cloak
hands. Apply 1200 Geary st.
WANTED— Women for light work on fruit
1731 Folsom st.
WAIST hands for dressmaking. 121 Post St.,
room 49.
WANTED— Experienced girl for candy store.
4 Fourth st.
COOK wanted; German preferred. 1018 Sut-
ter st.
GIRL to assist in housework and take care of
baby. 755 Eddy St.
YOUNG girl wanted to assist In housework.
Apply 222914 Mission st.
YOUNG German girl for light housework and
care of child. 9108 Devisaiiero St.
A WOMAN for a position of trust with local
firm; business experience necessary. Box
1571, Call office.
I WANTED— Elderly woman to do work for room
and board; little wages. 136 McAllister st.
WAIST finishers. Apply COX. 1514 Pine st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
¦ received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st
HELP -WANTED MALE.
A— MURRAY & READY Phone~MalrT SS4S
..Leading Employment and Labor Agents. .
Office Open 7 A. M. To-day
Ukiah Free Ukiah
R. R. Men
free Fare free
We Ship To-day Free
50 teamsters, Ukiah free fare
50 laborers. Ukiah f re e fare
50 men, steel, ballast and track gangs
Ship Twice Daily
MISCELLANEOUS
Man and wife to take charye country store;
clerk, country merchandise store; young man
to welsh milk and keep books, dairy com-
pany $30 and '¦ >und
Foreman for dairy ranch
2 carpenters, mining company $73
man to run capping machine for cannery, $2
day; blacksmith, city, *$3 50 day; harness
maker; Catholic choreman; 4-horse teamster
$32 50 and found; 10 2 and 4 hor?e teamsters!
$2 and $2 25 a day; stableman, $40 and found';
15 farm hands, choremen and boys; 50 labor-
ers, city and country
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Second cook, country hotel. $45; second cook,
$10 week; young man for laundry, institution!
$13 and found; baker, country shop, $10 week
aj.d found; sausage maker, country $40 and
found; 5 waiters, 3 cooks and kitchen help.
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S 104 Geary at.
Railroad Work Free Fare
FOR CHATSWORTH PARK
50 drillers and muckers %2 to $2 50 a day
FOR COMPANY WORK ...".
60 laborers $175 a day
Free Fare Ship To-day Free Fare
50 drillers and laborers for big ditch, $2 to
$2 50 a day: 2 men to dig ditch. $2 50 a day
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Fry cook, restaurant. $60: second hand on
cake, $40; strong man for dishwashing ma-
chine, country hotel, $30; 20 dishwashers and
kitchen hands. $2n and $30
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary st.
AT W. D. EWER & CO.'S, 610 Clay st.— Clerk
for general merchandise store. $60; ranch car-
penter, tools furnished, $50 and found; as-
sistant gardener, near city. $25 and found;
section hand. Sonoma County. $1 so a day;
machine blacksmith and tool dresser. $3 50 a
day; milker, 20 cows, near city, $25: farmer
for orchard and vineyard, $25; young man
about place, $13; bread and cake bakers; man
for porter. coVintry saloon, $20 and found: neat
young man to learn bartending-' $15 and
found; driver for milk wagon. $30 and found.
ANDRE'S. 316 Stockton st.
Second gardener. $25; man about place, $25;
choreman for resort, $10; young man for In-
Ftitutlon, $25; helper for hospital laundry,
$75 and found; boy to run elevator. $5 a week;
2 waiters. $35 and $"!0: dishwasher, plain h-->-
tol, $20: head cook, $80; man and wife, coun-
try hotel. $45.
DECK hand for dredger, (35 and board; en-
gineer, J2 50 day: farmer and wife, $40 to $45;
2 mcchinistF, $3 day; laborers for mill, $26 to
$30 and found; milker. $30: teamsters, $2 25
day; cooks, waiters, dishwashers and others
J. F. CROSETT & CO 6^ Sacramento st.
A MAN and wife, cooks, for small hotel short
distance in country, $45. MRS. M. E DA.V
& CO.. 335 Geary st.
A SHIRT polisher and starcher. country, $50.
MRS. M. E. DAY & CO.. 335 Geary st.
HELP WAJTTEP— -MALE— Con.
WANTED— Man In each county to represent
established house, solid financial standing;
bona fide weakly cash salary $13. paid by
check each Wednesday, with all expenses
from headquarters; money advanced for ex-
penses. Manager, 377 Caxton bldg., Chicago.
WANTED— An experienced successful sales-
man, one who is thoroughly familiar with
machinery, to sell a patented babbitt metal
and metallic packing; wages $75. Bx 1713, Call.
WANTED— A boy about' 18 to carry route on
morning paper in Western Addition; living In
that vicinity preferred. Apply to 112& FlU-
more st.
WANTED— Steady man: light work; will pay
$15 to $18 per week; must have $100* steady
. place. 765 Market st. room 3.
WANTED— advertising solicitors;
best references required. Address box 1675,
Call office. 2_
YOUNG man to do janitor work for his tuition
at S. F. Barber College, 741 A Howard it
TINSMITH and sheetiron worker at 673 Geary
- street.
FIRST-CLASS coatmaker wanted for country.
Apply at 532 Valencia st.
BUSHELMAN wanted. MARTIN BROS.. 17
Stockton st.
WAITER; $30 and found. 301 Twenty-second
st. Potrero Hotel. ;
BARBER for Saturday and Sunday. 414 Mont-
gomery ave^ m
j GOOD barber for Saturday and Sunday; union
jnan. 629 Union St., near Powell. •
WANTED— Boy for wholesale house. Address,
stating age, box 1681. Call office. -
WANTED— good bedmaker. Dewey House,
32 East st.
WANTED— Machinist and Iron molders. 505
Mission st.
BOY wanted at HARSH ALL'S, 12 Kearny st.
BOY wanted; one who understands kitchen j
work", 37 Fourth st. 1
WANTED— blacksmith. 537 Brannan
street.
GOOD bootblack. Langham Hotel barber shop,
141 Ellis st. ¦ ¦
BAKERY wagon driver with references; must j
have experience. 911% Larkin st.
WANTED— Boy to drive grocery wagon and. do
delivery. Address 601 Larkin st. I
WANTED— man who is an experienced
dry goods wrapper. Apply at HALE BROS.',
between 8 and 11 a. m. .
, YOUNG man who thoroughly understands boys'
' and children's furnishing goods; state past
experience and salary expected. Address box
1560, Call office.
ADVERTISING man with $500 capital to "pur-
chase one-half Interest In an established
monthly magazine; principals only. P. O.
box 77. Berkeley. Cal.
COAT, vest and pants makers wanted; apply
1 a. m., Stevenson-st entrance. CHARLES
Lyons, London Tailor. 721 Market st. m
WANTED— Young man for office work; must
be good at figures; state age. experience and
salary expected. Apply box 1700. Call office.
WANTED— Young man -who Is a first-class
dress goods salesman; state age. experience
and salary expected. Apply box 1699. Call.
ENGRAVERS wanted; highest wages paid.
! Apply California Photo Engraving Co., 513 \
Market st.
WANTED— 2 first-class coat makers for Liver-
more at once; fare advanced If needed. Ad-
dress P. O. box 144. Ltvermore. Cal.
WANTED— MaIe cook for small country hotel;
must know his business; wages $35 per month.
Address box 1563. Call office. /
16- YEAR-OLD boy learn trade and run errand*;
$4 a week. Box 1586. Call office.
1000 MEN wanted— Rock drillers, tunnel, brush
and shovel men to work on ditch line being
constructed for the Sweepstake Mining Co.,
near Weavervllle. Trinity Co., Cal.; apply on
work; steady work, good board and best
wages in State. San Francisco Construction
Co., 1:6 Montgomery St., room 23, San Fran-
cisco. Cal.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third st. 130 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
MEN to learn barber trade; only eight weeks
required; tools donated; positions guaranteed;
catalogue free. MOLER BARBER COL-
LEGE. £35 Clay st.
WANTED— Driver solicitor. Union Dye Works,
1643 Market. St.
OFFICE boy 15 or 16 years old who lives at
home. Address S. S., box 1638, Call office.
WANTED— A boy about 16 years of age in
wholesale house. Address box 1697, Call.
WANTED— Reliable young man with $125; $70
month; no experience. 1221 Market St.. room 1.
YOUNG man to work In tin shop, 16 years. Ap-
ply 7 to 9, 533 Mission St.
WANTED— bread baker. 11l Larkin st.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 563 Mission St.. bet. Ist and 2d sts.
— —
ONE-CHAIR barber shop for sale. 527 Clay St.
WANTED— ReeI for the marine corps. U.
S. navy; able-bodied, unmarried men -of good
character, between the ages of 21 and 35; not
lets than 5 feet 4 Inches and not over 6 feet 1
inch; able to speak and read English. For
further Information apply at the Recruiting
office, 40 Ellis St., San Francisco.
WANTED— gentlemen of good address and
education who can approach best people; sal-
ary; high-class position for right man. Call
room £1. 809 Market st.
¦ .
ERRAND boy about 14 years of age for hard-
ware store; write in own hand, riving age.
schooling and experience: no smokers need
apply. Box 1707, Call.
I WANTED— man with $75 can make $15-
$lB per week; no risk. 78 Third St., room 2.
, ABLE solicitors can earn $100 per week on our
propositions. A. E. Co., 1413 Call building.
MANUFACTURING Jeweler; first-class wages.
Baldwin Jewelry Store, 846 Market st.
WANTED— Cash boys. Apply bet. 8 and 11
a. m. HALE BROS. (Inc.).
1 FOR — Two-chair barber shop; no reason-
able offer refused. 222 Gough st.
METAL engraver and wood engraver for Salt
Lake; fare paid if necessary; can work to
repay. Box 1459. Call.
McDONALD & PERRY have 500 pairs second-
hand shoes for sale; 50c up. 241 Third st.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c
to EOc. 563 Mission St., bet. Ist and 2d sts.
PENSION atty., E. A. Bullis. . r. 40. Phelan
big. Past com. Geo. H. Thomas Post. G. A. R.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st., near Mar-
ket— 7oo rooms, 25c night; reading rooms; free
'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1C96 Va-
lencia St.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
15 pages, In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
HORSES AND WAGOXS.
DO not fail to attend the. special auction sale
Wednesday, November 6, at 11 a. m., at the
Arcade Horse Market. 327 Si* tfc St. JOHN
J. DOYLE. Auctioneer. •¦;'.
A HUNDRED head of -well broke German
army horses, suitable for all business pur- 1
poses. Just arrived. JOHN H. HALTON. at
Chase & Co.'s sales yard. 1732 Market st.
FOR sale— By J. E. FINCH at Eclipse Stable
1375 Eddy St.. a fine lot of carriage road and
business horses. . .
ONE 1 1-horse truck, one 4-ton express wagon,
one gurney: all second-hand; one second-hand
trap. CARVILL MFG. CO.. 48 Eighth st.
GOOD station wagon and coupe Rockaway
O'BRIEN'S, Polk st. and Golden Gate aye.
VERY stylish bay carriage team; seventeen
hands; sound, gentle. E. S., 721 Howard st.
A BARGAIN In good carriage, saddle, business
and road horses. DALZIEL. 605 G. G. aye.
CHEAP— New panel body delivery. 1 laundry 1
baker's. 1 shoe, 1 grocery wagon. 828 Harrison.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness
etc.. cheap. EGAN &> SON. 2117 Mission st
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single: also light
camping wagon for sale, cheap. 533 Mission.
A WEEK'S news for 3 cents— The Weekly Call
16 pages, in wrapper for mailing. $1 p^r year!
/ HOSPITALS.
MENTAL and nervous diseases cared for at ST
i ELMO HOSPITAL. 230 Douglass St.. 3. T.
HOUSES TO LET. ~~~
A— PRINTED list houses to let; send for clr-
cular. G. H. UMESEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
! HOUSE of 2 rooms, rear. 442 Ninth St., be-
tween Harrison and Bryant.
6 SUNNY rooms and bath, newly painted and
papered; rent very reasonable. 384 San Jose
aye.. between Guerrero and Valencia sts.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages. in wrapper for mailing. $1 per year.
HOUSES TO LET FURNISHED.
$100— MAGNIFICENT 10-room newly furnished
home for -rent; all improvements; electric
lights: furnace: two bathrooms, etc. : Presi-
dio Heights; marine view. Box 1607, Call
¦ LOST AJTP FOUND.
LOST— A bunch of keys containing steel key
No. 946. Liberal reward will be paid uton
return to 129 O'Farrell St. *^ a
LOST— Fur collar, last Tuesday; reward. 2031
Pierce st.
STRAYED from 201% Guerrero st, femala fox
terrier, black and white, with collar; reward.
LOST— A passbook with the Hibernia Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, in th«
name of ARAIIN B. LEUPOLD; No. 209-197
The finder will pleas* return to bank.
CERTIFICATE of deposit on the Nevada Na-
tional Bank in favor EMMET CARTER (No.
6,430) for $140. Box 1588. Call office.
LOST— cocker spaniel bitch about «
months old; liberal reward. J. ANTHONY. 57
Third st. > _^
LOST— A foxterrier pup; all white except ears
and head. Return to 1296 ShotweU st. and.
receive reward.
LOST— On San Leandro road, gold cigar cutter
Add. F. MALONE. 233 Kearny St.. Bulletin.
FOUND— October 17. on Steiner st, gold pearl-
set ring. Apply 1310 Laguna st
FOUND— Minna st. between Fourth, and
Fifth, a purse. Call at 126 Fifth st.
IT will pay to "Remember" that the. Califor-
nia Watch Case Co.. 220 Sutter St.. needs old
gold and sliver to make new watch cases.
MATTRESSES AND PILLOWS.
TO order, also cleaned and sterilized, upMtt
stery; Al caroet cleaning; honest work guar-
anteed. HOPKE BROS., 411 to 415 Powell st;
tel. Bush 421.
MATRIMONIAL.
MARRIAGE bureau: estab. 1S87; reliable and
confidential; list, 10c. Mrs. Hertz. 706 Ellis st
MEDICAL.
DR. O'DONNELL— All who are sick and In
trouble call and consult the specialist My
medicines have been used for many years by
thousands; the unfortunate helped; relief in all
cases taken; the most obstinate cases hay»
been relieved by my medical treatment; fre«
confidential advice on all subjects of a deli-
cate nature; all classes of female complaint*
treated; relief to the longest cases. DR. G.
W. O'DONNELL. 1018 Market St.. opp. Fifth.
A— Mrs. Sweet, graduate Royal University, Be-
rlin; 25 years' experience in midwifery cases;
utmost confidence can be placed in her: takes
& treats ladies before & during confinement;
best care, attention; confinement $15, board $4
week; Infants adopted. 3327 18th st: Mls*ion-
st cars; consultation free; phone Capp 2803.
MRS. D. WTETH and MRS. KOHL, reliable
ladles' specialists for female complaints: In-
stant relief guaranteed; 30 years' experience:
private home before and during confinement.
410 O'Farrell St., near Taylor: hours 9 to 5.
HINDOOHERB and MRS. DA VIES' original
method of treatment; maternity home; horns
in confinement. 1126 Market St., S. F.
MRS. D. ALLEN, 1113 Market— Reliable ladles'
specialist; a private home before and during
confinement; best medical care; low fees.
THE original MRS. DA VIES is still located at
1223 Market; maternity home provided; ofrft*fc
hours 10 a. m. to 4 p. m. and 6 to 8:30 p. m. f
DR. and MRS. GOODWIN, expert specialists,
well known and reliable; 25 years' practice In
S. F. ; maternity home; fee low. 906 Market.
DR. NG TOY KEE. 210 Stockton st. opposite
Union square; all diseases cured by herbs.
' MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALS.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont St.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, restaurant and po-
ker tables, barroom chairs, linoleum, new and
second hand; we always have a large stock of
saloon outfits on hand: 32 complete outfits on
one floor, ready made; we can ship everything
in 24 hours. J. NOONAN. 1017, 1019. 1021. 1023
Mission St., above Sixth; write for catalogue.
GOOD firewood for sale cheap. Rlsdon Iron
WoricS, cor. Howard and Beale sts.
LOT machine shop tools. lathes, planers, shap-
ers. etc. also wood- workinK tools, such as
band saws, wood planers, shatters, stickers.
mortisers. saws. etc. J. B. JARDINE, 220
Fremont st.
A NEW system of buying diamonds, watches,
sealskins, trunks, valises, etc., la being; in-
augurated at the Portland Loan Office, 25
Stockton st All ycu need is a very small
deposit. .
RETIRING from business; we are selling; out
our stock of pictures, frames, moldings at 1 ,
reduction of half off; roust close out every- 1
thing by Dec. 15. JONES * CO.. 704 Larkin.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear, machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting., pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear st.
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern boilers and
engines bought and sold. KROGH Mfg. Co.,
9 Stevenson st.
JEWELRY for sale; diamonds, precious stonea
bought. T. FERSHTAND. 126 Kearny St..
room 29.
FINE suits, $10; dress pants. $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st.
A— s3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 73. Popu-
lar Price Hatters, 330 Kearny st. near Pine.
AT reasonable prices— Choice runts, hen pig-
eons, white homers. 2041 Linden St., Oakland
ALL are notified that UNCLE HARRIS has
retired from business.
FOR — Fine watch dog; genuine Dane. 9
Delgardo place, off Hyde st.
WINDMILL, pump and tank, almost new. F.
MICHIELSEN. 1230-32 Hampshire St.
2D-HAND pipe, 4. 3, 2. 1, %, In. ; half price
of new. H. 3. WHITE. 516 Mission st.
CASH register (Hall-wood): brand new; reduc-
tion of $55. H. F. ALLEN. 202 California st.
8 HP. boiler and •> hr. automatic engine: com-
plete, perfect. H. S. WHITE. 516 Mission «t.
BAR outfits, showcases; all lengths and sized.
JACOB SCHWERDT. S2l Mission St.
PHOTO bargain list No. 17 now ready for
mailing. 109 Montgomery st.
BIG prices paid for sealskins, full dress & Tux-
edo suits. Portland Loan Office. 23 Stockton. *
BOATS, launches, rewboats carried In stock. I
BAKER & HAMILTON.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving pic-
tures. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post St.
GASOLINE engines, all sizes, new and 2d-hand,
and launches. J. E. DOAK. 511 Mission st.
SAFES — New and second hand. THE HER-
MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
ENGINES and boiler*: second-hand machinery.
J. BURKE. 139 Beale st.
FAIRBANKS' 10-ton hay scale; Jeweler's steel-
lned safe, perfect order. 218 California st.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
BICYCLE wanted; nearly new. Give particu-
lars and address Call branch office. 300 Hayes.
WANTED— Second-hand upright oiano for
cash. H. L. WHITEHEAD. 1706 Market st.
TILTON wants good second-hand cloth and
theatrical goods. 154 9th St.; tel. Folsom 2523.
~ MONEY TO LOAN. ~~~
A— MANHATTAN LOAN COMPANY^
$300,000 at 6 per cent in sums to suit. City and
Oakland, town and country property: second
mortgages, life insurance & securities. Loans
on unsettled estates, undivided interests [a
: real estate and legacies. We will purchase
any of above securities. Tel. Red 5024. MAN-
HATTAN LOAN CO.. 7th floor. Crocker bids.
A NEW Idea in the money-lending business Is
being tried by the Portland Loan Office. 25
Stockton st. ; phone Bush 484. If you need
money phone us and the manager of our
loan department will call on you and loan
you money at low rates on your diamonds,
watches, sealskins, etc.. or else you can call
at our office. AH business confidential. *
ANY AMOUNT AT 6 PER CENT. ~~~ 4
First, second and third mortgages
Undivided Interest in real estate in probate...
Mortgages and legacies bought; no delay....
¦ Get my terms before doing business elsewhere.
R. McCOLGAN
* 24 Montgomery St.. room 3
$260,000— A capital to loan at low rats
on California securities, first or second mort-
gages, city or town properties, • undivided In-
terests In real estate, legacies, etc., also first-
class ranch property; will loan as high as 75
per cent of real value. W. L. HARPER, 397
Parrott building.
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent: first,
second and third mortgages, estates in pro-
.bate. Interest in estates, legacies, undivided
Interests, securities, manufacturing and mer-
cantile Interests, corporation loans. Room 18,
Ist floor. Chronicle big. GEORGE E. OLSEN.
HERMAN MURPHY. 602 Examiner building—
15,000,000 at 6% or less in large sums; loans
on second mortgages, estates, etc. financial
problems of all Berts and sizes. If your prop-
erty Is mortgaged and you need more money
see HERMAN MURPHY, 603 Examiner bids.
ANY proposition: any amount; ( per cent, on
mortgages, estates, undivided interests: chat-
tel mortgages, etc. D. J. HALLORAN.
Adams building. 206 Kearny st. room 314.
RELIABLE corporation, established 1565. ! proper
place to borrow money on diamonds. Jewelry
pianos and sealskins at lowest rate of Interest.
9 Grant aye., near Market st ; tel. Black 5471 -
HIGHLY respectable private place to ohtl I
liberal advances en diamonds. Jewelry at»w-*
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. *46 Market
«t; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third st
A MILLION at 4 per cent; smaller amounts at
5; city or farm property; long time; stats
amount desired and location of property. F.
Q. box 2073. •»»--•#T MOIVTV TO l.O** — Continue*.
MUNICIPAL Lean Office. 103 Grant aye near
Geary et. ; phone Red KO3.
ON furniturt:, pianos and other collaterals
lowest rates; quick; by private party. boO
Market st., room 10.
LOANS on pianos, furniture, no removal li-
braries, goods in warehouse, etc. : any amount-
lowest rate:;; private. Ormsbr. 26 Montgomery.'
OX real estate. Ist or 2nd mortgages and on fur-
nlture or piano* without removal any amount-
lowest rates. Becker & Co.. 26 Montgomery!
$500,000 AT 6 per cent in sums to suit in 'city
JtfO.OiX) on large ranches at fair rates: second
mortgages. R. J. MERCER & SON. 412 Pine.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note with-
out indorser or on mortgages at 6 per cent per
annum. MOttRELL. 609 Examiner building.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc.. by private
party : no removal; no commission; "conflden-
tial. Rncir, 3. Conservatory Wds;., 301 Jones.
OX furnltui*. pianos: no removal; money
quick; lowest interest: easy terms; no broker-
ape: reliable party. 1170 Market Et.. room 6S.
$% on furniture and pianos; $15 up; no removal-
r.o commission; private. Room 81, 6 Eddy st!
Lowest rates, furniture, pianos; no removal- no
commie. : confidential. Whltehead. 1706 Market.
CX furnltur.;, pianos: lowest rate: no removal-
strictly private. • LICK. 116 McAllister st. Val '
ON per cent or. furniture; $5 a month on each
OlOQO; any security. Ml Montgomery st!. 7 1
fir you want: a home I will loan you money to
buy it. A E. RUDELL. 222 SaMome °?
OX SALARIES : without indorser; other propo-
F.tions. 6. F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan big.
THE TOUSLE V Company; loans and dis-
counts. S2i Parrott building.
N S w° r ; ey Ol i salary: no indorser; Eastern
rlan. Weftcrn Loan Co.. 309 Phelan bldg.
_ MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS^
AGAIN we remind you that our" plano~stock.
both new and second hand, Is the largest
£ vi Cfc'caso and includes the most re-
liable makers to choose from. New pianos
sold upon easy payments of $6 per month:
K^fJT ' '¦ pi os for $s - * 4 and * 3 P er month.
SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.. Steinway dealers,
corner Kearny and Sutter sts.. San Fran-
cisco; corner Broadway and Thirteenth St..
Oakland.
ALL higbesit grades sold by the Heine Piano
to., scle events most famous and oldest Amer-
ican makes; easy payments: big allowance for
econa-ha_ad pianos; rents $? up allowed: bar-
f^- ' tn KS U P: Stein ways, |f6S; Chickerings,
f^io; 50 others: agents wanted. We pay your
fare to and from any part of California if you
purchase. 217 Geary st.
AN unusual chance to get a good piano for a
low price is offered any one who will call on
us at ence; we will show how you can save
from JICO to $150 in buying from us: we want
your patronage and are willing to pay for it. I
THE ZENO MAUVAIS MUSIC CO., 769 Mar- |
ket Et.
ATTENTION. BARGAIN HUNTERS— j
Recocd-hand upright pianos from $35 up.
Second-hand square pianos from 830 up.
.» Second-hand organs from £3 up; new up- 1
V right plar.os from $175 up. BENJ. CURTAZ !
x & SON, 1? to 20 O'Farrell. Checkering, Mason •
and Hamlln, Vose. Sterling- pianos.
ANY piano sold by us taken back any time
within 2 years and full purchase price al-
lowed en a new peerless Knabe at regular
price; costs you only £0c a day to buy a ¦
piano from us. KOHLER & "CHASE 30
OFarrell ft. ; established IS3O.
A SMALL Weber upright. $125; elegant walnut '
case i.nat>e upright, almost new; also Steck. j
oak case; Hardman square. $45- organs $25
up. UOWERS & SON. £3 Fifth st. IVERS
6. POND md A. B. CAMERON. Agents.
A FIRM'S failure to realize on account of
etnke has placed two carloads of high-grade |
pianos in storage to be sold at Eastern fac-
tory priefs; secondhand pianos for a song
WILSON'S STORAGE, 1706 Market st. j
PIANOS— The most modern and up-to-date-
Meek, Everett, Conover. Packard. Ludwig
Hardn-.an and many others; wholesale and re-
tail. The Wiley B. Allen Co.. 933 Market st
S. F. : (Branch Store. S5l Broadway, Oakland).
\"WAT & SONS' square piano: excellent
'•onfiitinn. NW. cor. Guerrero and 14th sts.
LARGEST standard upright piano; little used;
going East account death; sacrifice. 502 Eddy.
NEW piano, pianola and music on sale: great
bargain; party going away. 217 Geary St.
STEINWAY upright, second hand, wanted lor
cash; stste price. Box ia:.9. Call office.
52 s — HERTZ piano; good for practice: Schaffer
right, nearly new, $59. 217 Geary St.
/ SUPERIOR violins, zithers. oW and new. H.
7 MI LLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
BOKMER, Byron Mauzy. Lester Hamilton I
Spielmann pianos. 30S Post st. ,
gg^Tri^^iisni for Bale cheap '
-.
ELEGANT piano as good as new; standard
make; a sacrifice. Hornung >. 216 McAllister.
AT KEEFFE'S. 22 Turk st.. near Market—
bnonir.gtr, Schubert and Stein-nay bargains.
ELEGANT new upright pianos for rent 13 per
mo. SCOTT-CURTAZ Piano 0., 560 Hayes.
OFFICES AND STORES TO LET.
¦A ELEGANT corner store, new complete flx-
turea. grocery and bar. 599 McAllister st.
LARGE front show window and office to let;
moderat-? rent; see it. 219 Montgomery st.
ROOM. light, phone; suitable for designer or
card wr:ter; $5. Inquire 1008 Mission st.
OIL.
OIL tanks, second-hand, in good order- all
sizes; cheap. H. S. WHITE. 516 Mission st.
PALMISTRY.
H. JEROME FOSELLI, scientific palmist, 315
Taylor ft., bet. Geary and Post: teL Black 561.
NEERGAARD. president St. Germain College,
reads from Ito i 700 Post: phone Hyde 2S3S.
PAI>TERS A\D DECORATORS.
L J. C. ROMAINE. 640 G.G. aye.; phonTpolk^ 1423;
I best quality work; lowest prices; get figures.
• KOOIIS papered. $3 up; whiting done" HART-
MAX Paint Co.. 319 Third; phone Red 332 L'
RT.VERS WANTED.
WANTED— Partner who understands bees. Par-
ticulars address Adam Miller, Vallejo, Cal.
PERSONALS.
JOHN RL'MPEX, graduate of the world-re-
no-K-ned massage institution at AIX-LA-
CHAPELLE, Germany, has opened a massage
institution at 977 Golden Gate aye.; specialty,
gout, rheumatism and syphilis; guarantees a
cure of the latter; examination free; rates
reasonable and within the means of all; office
hours. f-S daily; Sunday, 9-12 a. m. 977 Golden
Gate aye. ; special apartments for ladies.
INDIAST baskets, Indian relics, curios and an-
tiques bought. NAT RAPHAEL, lIS Geary
ex., largest curio store in America; visitors
welcome; Indian baskets from (1 upward.
NOTICE to storekeepers and public in general —
1 will Dot be responsible for any debts con-
tracted by my wife. EMERY L. MORRIS-
SON, after November 1. 1901.
ALBERT C. MORRISSON.
AX elecant line of remnants for suite tp or-
fler. SIS; with these cults •re make an extra
pair of pants free cf charge; other suit* on in-
etaJlmrats, $1 weekly. L. LEMOS, 1117 Mar-
ket St., between Seventh and Eighth.
HAIR, birthmarks, moles removed forever,
painless and without fear, with electricity, by
MISS GRUBER. the cosmetic artist, 359$
nishtee"Elft St.. cor. Guerrero; tel. Blue 1361.
\t PER day SURE — Thorough Instructions In
enlarging photographs, no experience neces-
eary, lor email sum of fl; no stamps accepted.
W. E. DUNCANSON. Santa Clara. Cal.
A SURE cure for drunkenness, opium and mor-
phine habit: the Mooser. Co. Gold Cure; price
X r-er bottle. Address, at 1125 Geary st., S.
F., CiV. p
DO you write ads? Send address to-day on
your business stationery for invaluable in-
formation free. Harper Syndicate. Columbus,
Ohio.
MRS ERIGGS. dermatologist— Superfluous hair,
n.ol?«, other facial blemishes permanently re-
moved without v-iln or scars by the latest
elsctric appliances. S6S Sutter; tel. Larkln 3171.
ONE BOTTLE of Plnus will cure any case of
rheumatism, eciatlca. neuralgia or gout; price
$2 50 ?er bottle. For circulars, Pinus Med.
Co., 734 Valencia st., S. F. : tol. Church 1571.
ELECTRIC light in every room— Winchester
Hot<?l 44 Third !¦?.. nasr Market; 700 room*;
25c to SI 50 per eight; $1 SO to $6 per week;
free "aus and baggage to and from the ferry.
WHY Gue:;s? You can be certain of style and
fit by using Standard Patterns; Nov. patterns
and The Designer now ready. J. W. EVANS,
Domestic offir-c, 1021 Market Et.. pear Sixth.
AIjELIXA PATTI'S Beauty Cream. Secret of
continual youth- 50c. postpaid: free demon-
stration; come and we us. Bon-Ton. 324 Post..
THE latest fancy styles of rest-ing— 'or
1-artits Z'jc; one price only. G. LEDEI^H,
|^^-3 ftockinn st.
VAT cash ices; ladles' tailor-ma-ie fcuita. coats,
silk w&ists. trimmed hats, skirt*, Me: weekly
payments. C. F. ADAMS CO.. ISS Fifth ft.
FL'PEF:FLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
electric neeflle. MISS EATON, 111» Sutter st.
A— IF your hair Is m ling cr you art bald, call on
Dr.G.S.iiccre, * arrell, senator circular.
__^^«J i £NALS--Contlnne«l.
FACE massage, complexion beautifying; latest
continental methods; electric roleau; superflu-
ous! hair removed by electrolysis. Mme. Zephey
Kia-ora, parlors 330 Sutter; Phone Black 1322.
WHITE enamel iron beds, single, three-quarter
or double, $2 23. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO., 1310-1312 Stockton st, near Jw.iy.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates: 10
years experience. J. B. RAY. 457 Minna st.
A— VIDA Company permanently cures stomach
trouble. 736 Valencia St., bet. 18th and 19th.
] DR. J. S. POTTS has resumed practice of mcdi-
! One; office Y. M. C. A. building.
I STOP that "cough"— California Lung Balsam
I will do it: all druggists; phone Pine 2386.
! ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna: restores gray
hair to its natural color; $1; at all druggists.
SPANISH lessons given by a native Spanish
teacher; translations. 513 McAllister st.
LACE curtains cleaned for 35c per pair and up.
127, Mission st. ; phone Folsom 2525. . '
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs-
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & C 0. .733 Markt.
500 MEN wanted to order suits for $1 per week.
NEUHAUS & CO., tailors. 115 Kearny et.
TAILOR-MADE suits. $7 50; dress pants. $2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
DR. LAMOTTE'S French Corn Paint, the best
corn cure; 25c; all druggists.
OLD gold, silver, diamonds and precious stones
bought. J. R. JENKEL, 817 Market st.
, CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. M pages, sent to any address in the
| _t nlted States cr Canada one year for $1.
PLAXIXG A:v ' D TURMXG MILLS.
WOOD and Ivory Turning, Planing, Shaping
i ; r.d Sawing. CARL F. HAAS. 95 Fremont st.
PHYSICIANS v AND SURGEONS.
DR. C - ,C, C - O'l-.-ixxKLL— Office and residence"
1021/4 Market st.. between Sixth and Seventh.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, successfully
treats all diseases of the human body: see
testimonials at office. 115-117 Mason, nr. Ellis.
A— DR. WONG WO, herb doctor; sanitarium,
.64-7G6 Clay st. ; see testimonials at office.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS,
ALAMEDA^RBAL ESTATE.
BARGAINS; improved & unimproved property
acquired by foreclosure; *4 cash. Bank of Ala.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— IIIB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
AUCTION ! AUCTION . ! AUCTION ! ! !
AUCTION! AUCTION.! AUCTION: .!
AUCTION AUCTION . AUCTION !
AUCTION. AUCTION.! AUCTION!!!
AUCTION! AUCTION.. AUCTION!!!
AUCTION! AUCTION!! AUCTION.!!
WOODWARD, WATSON & CO..
WOODWARD, WATSON A CO..
! WOODWARD, WATSON & CO..
WOODWARD, WATSON & CO.,
WOODWARD, WATSON & CO..
WOODWARD. WATSON & CO.,
(Successors to William J. Dingee.)
REAL ESTATE AUCTIONEERS.
REAL ESTATE AUCTIONEERS.
REAL ESTATE AUCTIONEERS.
REAL ESTATE AUCTIONEERS.
REAL ESTATE AUCTIONEERS.
REAL ESTATE AUCTIONEERS.
at
- ¦ AUCTION. - ¦--¦¦
AUCTION.
AUCTION. ¦ i
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
Special Credit Sale of
.38 SS 38 38
' CHOICE RESIDENCE LOTS. • 
CHOICE RESIDENCE \ LOTS.
CHOICE RESIDENCE LOTS.
— -—^
CHOICE RESIDENCE LOTS.
CHOICE RESIDENCE LOTS.
CHOICE RESIDENCE LOTS.
Facing West Street,
Market Street,
25th Street and 36th Street.
SATURDAY. November 2, 1901.
At 2 p. m.
AT SALESROOM. 903 BROADWAT. '.
These lots are surrounded by new homes
and more are in course of construction.
The street work is complete. Terms only
1-5 cash; remainder in easy installments.
Carriages at office for Inspection of property.
Office open ' evenings b- appointment.
Installment or flat loans negotiated for home-
builders.
TITLE ABSOLUTELY PERFECT.
TITLE ABSOLUTELY PERFECT.
TITLE ABSOLUTELY PERFECT.
TITLE ABSOLUTELY PERFECT.
TITLE ABSOLUTELY PERFECT.
TITLE ABSOLUTELY PERFECT.
For catalogues and other particulars apply to
WOODWARD, WATSON & CO..
WOODWARD, WATSON & CO., .!
WOODWARD. WATSON & CO..
WOODWARD, "WATSON & CO.,
WOODWARD, WATSON & CO..
WOODWARD, WATSON & CO..
(Successors to William J. Dingee.)
Real Estate Auctioneers,
903 Broadway. Oakland.
$3500 — FINE, large, comfortable, 8-room cottage
with bath and all modern improvements and
8 11 in good condition: select central residence
location, on Myrtle st; lot 55x125 feet; sunny
front; easy walk from local station: rents for
$24 per month; terms can be arranged.
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO..
1008 Broadway, Oakland.
WE have for sale within 3 minutes' walk of
the City Hall 3 houses, ranging In size from
5 to 7 room?, in different locations; all central
and very desirable and In first-class condition;
well rented for $15 to $22 50 per month; price
$2500 each; full and detailed description of
each oae will be furnished on application.
¦ GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO.,
1008 Broadway, Oakland.
HOUSES of every description and • price for
sale or rent. Apply to W. E. BARNARD,
HIS Broadway; telephone Main 10.
O DHOJ^ESTO LET.
BEAUTIFUL home, 7 rooms and bath;
best portion of Oakland; 4 blocks from train
¦ to San Francisco; hi block from electric cars;
location is central; Just the place for a party
who goes to the city daily.
$S5 — Completely furnished new residence, 8
rooms and bath; everything up-to-date; see
these at one*. ,
S. M. DODGE & SO?^
1160 Broadway.
OAKLAND ROOMS J»KD BOARD.
TENTH. ' — Beautiful sunny rooms: excellent
home table; terms moderate; references.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
AN Introduction to you from H. Schellhaas. the
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 2, 1901.
REAL ESTATE — CITY — FOR SALES.
FOR SALE BY THOS. MAGEE & SONS.
• 5 Montgomery st.
A downtown sunny corner, paying 7% per '
cent en present improvements; if " improved |
would pay splendidly; J20,000.
A very cheap northeast corner on Post St.,
with fine 14-room house; Just reduced in price.
A fine large house close to town, with large
lot; centrally located; splendid location lor
doctor or dentist; must be sold.
Some first-class lots In the swellest residence
locality in the city:
Pacific aye. & Webster; NE. cor.; 45:10x110.
Pacific aye., N side; 45:10x110; two lots.
Webster St., key lot; 45x137:6; fine sunny lot.
Webster St.. two lots; 3fix107:6.
Cor. Webster and Broadway; 35x107:6.
Broadway key lot; SOxllO.
A NE. cor. on Broadway; 37:6x137:6.
Lot on Broadway, near Pierce; 37:6x137:6; :
cheap.
A flftr-vara just subdivided into cheap lots:
Scott St., bet. Union and Filbert; 27:6x100.
Scott St., near Filbert; 27:6x100.
Scott St.. near to corner: 27:6x100.
Corner on Scott and Filbert; 27:6x100.
Key lot on Filbert; 37:6x110.
, THOS. MAGEE & SONS,
Real Estate Agents,
' ¦ 5 Montgomery st.
AN opportunity for a quick turn; a fine specu-
lation for any one having the- ready money;
large corner lot, 137:6x128:9; SW. cor. Eaker
and Vallejo; sightly and elevated; grand ma-
rine view; both streets graded, macadamized
and cewered; stone pavement laid on Baker;
price JlO.OOO.
Two offers have been made this week for
this very cheap lot, but not quite up to the
mark; as a matter of fact 2 lots In the rear of
this corner, fronting on Broadway, in the same
block, were sold last month at $300 per foot;
with such a grand view and in such a choice
location, this is the best bargain that has been
offered for many a year in this city.
W. J. GUNN, 530 California St.,
S. F. Savings Union building.
GOOD corner to build; 4 flats on; go and look
at that well located and cheap corner. 36x
82:6; SE. Pierce and Filbert; street work all
done; Filbert bituminized; fine surroundings;
a few steps from Union st. cars; $1850. W. J.
GUNN. 530 California st.
VERY cheap sunny corner, good size, 87:6x110;
only $3750: northwest corner Union and
Pierce; very choice: all street work done;
stone pavement laid; Union-st. cars pass in
front; fine marine view from this lot; directly
in front of a beautiful home. W. J. GUNN.
, 530 California et. '
SANTA FE, V
The coming city at POINT RICHMOND.
Lots, ail level streets graded
$125 and up $10 cash, $5 monthly
McEWEN BROS 118 Montgomery
Sole Agents. .
$4400— A GREAT bargain; 22 lots in heart of
city; beautiful marine view; only $200 per lot.
THE PHELPS-LEWIS COMPANY.
395-396 Parrott building.
FOR sale— s22so; cottage, 6 rooms, bath and
garden. Apply on premises, 1249 Union St.,
near Hyde, from 1 to 3.
350 F^.CH— Corner lots. North aye.; frontage
3 streets; graded; cash or install. 245 Elsie.
COTTAGE for sale very cheap; easy terms. ;
Stoneman St.. near Folsom. ¦ I
$350 EACH— Corner lots: Eugene aye.: frontage
3 streets; graded: cash or install. 360 Jessie.
FOR sale— Cottage of 4 rooms, large basement
and yard: half cash. 3022 Pierce st.
REAL, ESTATE COUNTRY Sale
FOR SALE NEAR SAN FRANCISCO
Small tracts, $60 to $90 per acre, on Rancho
Cotati. Sonoma Co. future value assured, as
San Francisco is growing rapidly; location
best for poultry and general farming. Apply
to The Cotatl Co., 302 California St., for pam-
phlets and information.
$2500— IMPROVED foothill farm. 204 acres; El
Dorado Co., near R. R. Box 222. Call.
POULTRY and dairy ranches for sale; write for
free list. C. R. WINFIELD. Petaluma. Cal.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
EDDY, 743-2 sunny rooms for housekeeping;
private ; phone.
FOLSOM, Large furnished rooms on first
floor for families with children; grounds.
GOLDEN GATE AYE., 641— Two bright sunny j
rooms for housekeeping; basement. Call
from 9 till 10:30 a. m.
HOWARD. 1063—2 sunny completely furnished
connecting rooms, running water, range, $10.
JACKSON, 920, near Mason— Large furnished |
room; grate; or housekeeping; $7. $8.
MCALLISTER, 536— Sunny furnished suites; gas
range, sink, laundry; 410 and $12.
MCALLISTER, 2000, corner Central aye—
sunny rooms, furnished for housekeeping, $7.
MINNA, 28— Sunny front housekeeping rooms,
$1 and $1 50 per week.
MISSION. 845, near Sixth— large sunny rooms
complete for housekeeping.
OAK, 119—2 front basement rooms, furnished
for housekeeping, $10; single room, $7; sunny.
PAGE. 1138— Two unfurnished housekeeping
rooms; bath; closets, pantry, etc.
POLK, 1002 — 3 and 5 room suites, completely
furnished for housekeeping; cheap; reference.
POWELL, 1401— Large sunny bay-window room;
also 2 rooms for housekeeping; gas and bath.
STOCKTON, 1307— Nice furnished rooms for
housekeeping; very cheap.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore st.
ROOMS , TO — Fnrn. and I'nfnrn.
ARGYLE Hotel. 234 McAllister— New, elegant
and sunny; grill attached; rates -75c per day
and upward; special rates by week or month;
take McAllister-st. cars to the door.
A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE, 148 Sixth— Rooms.
25c to $1 per night; $1 25 to $5 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
AT Shasta House, 246 Third— 2oo rooms; newly
renovated;' 25c to 75c. $1 to $3 week. > .
A SUNNY suite and singles, neat and clean;
bath, phone; prices low. 332 Stockton st. "
BURNETT, 1426 Market (old No. 1364)— Fu-
rnished rms., suites, single; also unfurnished.
BUSH, — Furnished rooms for gentlemen at
$7 and $8 per month; private; references.
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, corner Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
COUPLE will rent unfurnished sunny front suit
in new flat; also other room, with use of
laundry; reasonable. 2945 Fillmore st,
EDDY, 210 — Newly furnished parlors suitable
for two gentlemen; gas and bath.
FILLMORE, — Two furnished rooms for
housekeeping; sunny; gas stove; bath; use
of laundry; $20; also 2 small rooms for gen-
tlemen; reasonable.
FRANCISCO HOTEL— Elegant suites; single;
transient; baths. Mrs. King. Turk & Taylor.
FRONT room, suitable for 1 or 2 gentlemen,
with private family. 537 O'Farrell st.
GEARY, 405, The Navarre— Elegantly furnished
suites and single; travelers accommodated.
GOLDEN GATE AYE., 641— Bright sunny and
nicely furnished room for gentleman; bath.
Call from 9 till 10:30 a. m.
GOUGH. 1613 — Nicely furnished sunny rooms
with hot and cold water; gas; bath.
HARRISON, 784%, near Fourth— Finely " fur-
nished rooms; bath; all latest conveniences;
. homelike; $1 week up. '
HOTEL ST. DENIS (European plan), 24 Turk
St., near Market— location; new build-
ing; elegantly furnished; strictly first-class;
60c per day and upward; special rates by the
week or month; best in the city; references;
take Market-st. cable cars to Turk st.
HOWARD, Nicely furnished sunny bay-
window and other rooms; reasonable.
JONES, 5158— Elegant suite; piano, gas grate,
bath, phone; also alcove and single rooms;
reasonable; all newly furnished.
LEAVENWORTH. 401. cor. Ellis— l furnished.
1 unfurnished adjoining room; running water;
gas; sunny; bath; $7 and $4.
LOCUST aye., 125. near Van Ness and McAllis-
ter — Neatly furnished room, $1 25 per week.
NEW ARLINGTON, 1015 Market— fur-
nished rooms; $2 a week up; 35c a day up.
NICELY furnished sunny room, $8; Western
Addition. Box 1574. Call office. ,
O'FARRELL, Sunny .furnished rooms and
offices: elevator; elec. lights; day, week, mo.
O'FARRELL, Pleasant and sunny rooms;
private family. .
ROYAL House, • J 26 Ellis— lncandescent light;
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par-
lor; rooms, per night, 3. >c to $1 50; week, $2 to
$8; month. $8 to $20; elevator on ground floor;
rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth st.,
near Market — Furnished or unfurnished.
SILVER, 1278— fine room for lor 2; use of
bath; $10. . -
SUTTER. 320% (The Stanford)— from $3
to $7; singles. $2 to $5 per week; transient.
SUTTER, 1105 — Large, sunny rear rooms;
.- closet; running water; $8 and $9 a month.
TWENTY-THIRD, 3326, near Mission— Hand-
/ comely furnished 6 rooms and bath; piano;
no children; reference. ¦ •
WAlTED— Gentleman to room, rent $6. with
• Spanish family; reference. 925 Jackson st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been • established at 1096
Valencia st.
ROOMS AND BOARD.
ALMORAT^OtIT^nd Mission— Newly furnished
suites and single; warm belt; tourists at spe-
cial rates; flrst-class beard If desired.
THE CECILERNE, 930 Van Ness aye.
GOOD home, with best of care, for a feeble-
¦ minded girl or Invalid. Address Nurse, box
1676, Call office. "
THE CORBIN, 836 Sutter— Rooms single and
en suite; private baths; all rooms sunny; ex-
cellent table.
BUNNY front parlor suite with board for 4 in
private family. $18- 516 Jones st. ; telephone.
GOLDEN GATE aye.. 318— Sunny front room;
first-class board; references.
CALIFORNIA. 807 (Stevenson mansion)— Select
family hotel ; exceptional table; attractive rms.
VAN NESS aye.. Sso— Handsomely furnished
rooms, with board; use parlor, piano, phone.
HOTEL Las Palmas, 1820 Market— Suite 2 or 3
rooms, bath; board optional; single rooms.
HOTEL Repelier, 781 Sutter— Newly furnished;
excellent table; special rates to tourists.
O'FARRELL, 605 (Johnson House)— Exceptio-
nally fur, suites; beautiful grnds; table board.
ROOMS AXD BOARD WANTED.
YOUNG lady wants room and board; private
family; $16 a month. Address box 1714, Call.
ROOMS WANTED.
LADT with piano desires large sunny Unfur-
nished room; willing to teach In exchange as
part payment: neighborhood I. O. O. F. build-
ing. Box 1561, Call office.
RUPTURE SANITARIUM.
RUPTURE cured at HUNTER'S SANITA-
RIUM, 1206 Market St.; treatment free; only
• invention in the world that will not torture.
SPECIAL. NOTICES.
THE following children have been, received in
the S. F. Nursery for Homeless Children, 1534
Mission st., since July 1, 1901: Albert, Haight,
half-orphan, age 5 years 2 months; John B.
Conway, half-orphan, age 3 years 1 month;
Edwin Duggan, half-orphan, age 5 years 7
months; George Kelly, half-orphan, age 1
year 1 month; Infant girl 1 day old.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 415 Montgomery St., rooms 9-10; tel. 5580.
DISEASES and ailments of men treated; con-
sultatlon free. American Dispensary, 514 Pine.
I SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold and repairing guaran-
teed. Chas. Plambeck, 1915 Mission, nr. 15th.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
t pairing; lowest rates. Tel. Black 1124, 205 4th.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchange; re-
pairing; lowest rates; phone Mint 45. 145 6th.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.,
office Post and Powell sts.; tel. Main 5713.
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse. 840 Mis-
sion st. ; tel. Howard 941, F. W. ZEHFUSS.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany, 2320 Fillmore st. ; phone Jackson 281.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., 722 Mission St.;
tel. Main 1S40; shipping at cut rates.
TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARGAINS IN TYPEWRITERS— We
sell better machines for less money than any
house in the city; rentals, $3. The Typewriter
Exchange, 536 California; telephone Main 266.
WEBSTER Typewriter Inspection Co.— Expert
typewriter doctors ;estimate free. 209 Sansome.
COPARTNERSHIP NOTICES^
THE undersigned hereby certify that they have
formed a copartnership as shipping and com-
mission merchants and general agents, at San
Francisco, Cal, under the firm name of CA-
NALIZO. TRILLANES & CO. The names in
full of the members of such partnership and
their places of residence are hereunder stated
JORGE LUIS CANALIZO.
San Francisco, Cal.
ALFONSO TRILLANES,
San Francisco, Cal.
San Francisco, November 1, 1901.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND Notice.— The Giant Powder~Com^
pany. Con.— A dividend, No. 35, of seventy-
five cents (75c) per share on the issued capital
stock of the company has been declared pay-
able at the office of the company, 435 Califor-
nia st., San Francisco, on November 11, 1901.
Transfer books close November 4, 1901 at
noon. A. A. SPARKS. Secretary.
PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS for Subsistence Supplies.— Office
of Purchasing Commissary. San Francisco
Cal., October 30, 190 L —Sealed proposals for
furnishing and delivering of such quantities
of subsistence suoDlies, delivered at such
wharf or such warehouses in San Francisco,
Cal., as per circular, to be seen at this office,'
will be received here until 11 o'clock a. m.,
Tuesday. November 19, 1901, and opened Im-
mediately thereafter in presence of bidders.
Specifications, general instruction to bidders
and blank form of proposal will be furnished
to established dealers on application to W H
BALDWIN, Major and C. S., U. S. Army,'
Purchasins Commissary.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were issued
yesterday :
Manuel J. Gomes, 26, Pinole, and May Prin-
gle, 23. Berkeley.
James H. Robinson, 21. 718 Valencia street,
and Florence J. Elliott, 18, lO.'> Serpentine aye.
Milton R. Cox, 58, Castella, and Maryette
Wneeler, 52. 643 Geary street.
John M. Sllva, 48, Livermore, and Francisca
Mello, 31, 363 Arlington avenue.
Clyde L. Hawthorne, 24, Sandwich, 111., and
Bessie V. Hunter. 24, Petrolla.
Adolph Sinsheimer, 24, 107 Turk street, and
Gertie Williford, 19, 2520 Sixteenth street.
Abraham Levy, 24. 1041% Folsom street, and
May Cohn, 19, 315 Austin avenue.
Ira M. Fowler, 32, 1596 Fifteenth street, and
Bell Lecompt, S2, 1896 Fifteenth street.
Isaac A. Sibley, 27, Oakland, and Stella F.
Booth, 26, Point Arena.
Patrick McSherry, 35, 562 Folsom street, and
Maggie McCall, 25, 562 Folsom street.
Emlle A. GroezlnKer, 26, city, and Emma M.
Becker, 21, city.
"BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS"
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN".
GHISELLI— In this city. November 1, 1901, to
the wife of F. J. Ghlselll, a son.
HODGE— In this city, October 31, 1901, to the
wife of Thomas Hodge, a son.
MARRIED.
HAWTHORNE— HUNTER— In this city, No-
vember 1, 1901, by the Rev. F. A. Doane
Clyde L. Hawthorne of Sandwich, De Kalb
County, Illinois, and Bessie V. Hunter of
Petrolia, Humboldt' County, California.
WINTER— PATE— In this city, October 31, 1901,
by the Rev. Frank S. Ford, Edward T. Win-
ter and Jessie F. Pate, both of Sacramento
Cal.
DIED.
Beamish, John Marks, Thomas J.
Brown. Phillip P. Miller, George
Butler, Bridget B. Morris. Mrs. M.
Buttery, Laurence W. Mulligan, Patrick
Corinson, Morris and Murphy, Gen. p. W.
Leah O'Doul, Catharine
Dolheguy, Bert Roblnet, Eugene
Gelger, Mrs. M. P. Sawyer. Mabel D.
Gergus, August Schuette, William G.
Gordon, Cuthbert P. Sheerin, Johanna M.
Hays, Frederick Sheldon, Rebecca R.
Kluber, Joseph .Stanton, James
Levy, Henry Strominger, Julia
MacCabe, Kathrine. Thomas, Mrs. Nellie*
McCarthy, Annie Turner, Emily
McGuire, Francis C. Vohs, Henrietta C.
McKinstry, Elisha
BEAMISH— In this city, October 31, 1901, John,
beloved husband ot the late Mary Beamish,
and father of Robert and Samuel Beamish
and Mrs. J. Kelly, a native of County Cork,
Ireland, aged 58 years.
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 12:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of Carew & English, 29 Van Nees avenue
thence to St. Joseph's Church for services
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
BROWN— In this city, October 31, 1901, Phillin
P. Brown, dearly beloved husband of Kate
M. Brown, and loving father of Charles F
Phillip, George C. Joseph A.. Albert A. and
Ida Brown, a native of Jersey, England, aged
65 years 7 months and 22 days.
C> Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Saturday), at 10 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 228 Filbert street (Sansome-street
side), thence to St. Francis Church, where a
solemn requiem high mass will be celebrated
for the repose of his soul, commencing at
- 10:30 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery.
BUTLER— In thlc city, October 31, 1901, at the
residence of her daughter, Mrs. Adolph Berg-
man, 1224 Broadway, Bridget Brandelia But-
ler, beloved mother of Mrs. Adolph Bergman.
Amelia A. Butler and George Butler of Daw-
son City, a native of Ireland, aged 69 years.
IC^P'riends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Monday,
November 4, at S o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, thence to St. Brigid's Church, Van
Ness avenue and Broadway, where a solemn
requiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of her • soul, ¦ commencing at 9:30
o'clock. Interment private. Holy Cross
Cemetery. :¦
BUTTERY— In Alameda. October 31. 1901. Lav-
' rence W., beloved son of Samuel W. and
Emily Buttery, and brother of Christopher G.
and Marchant J. Buttery, a native of San
Francisco, aged 7 years 4 months and 1 day.
CORIN SON— Friends' and acquaintances are in-
vited to- attend ¦ ceremonies connected with
the setting of the memorial stone for Morris
and Leah Corinson -at - the Hills of Eternity
Cemetery to-morrow (Sunday), at 3 o'clock.
DOLHEGUY— In, this city. October 31, 1901, of
diphtheria, Bert, beloved son of Leon and
Mamie Dolheguy, a native of San Francisco,
aged 3 years 10 months and 25 days. - - *
GEIGER— In Aledo, 111., Mrs. M. P. Geiger,
daughter of the late Judge Parri3h of Colum-
bus, Ohio, and sister of Mrs. Mary P. Ayer3
of . San Francisco. ~
GERGUS— In this city, October 31. 1901, Au-
gust, dearly beloved husband of Beta Gergus,
and i father of Alfred and Willie Gergus, a
native of Germany, aged 43 years 5 months
and 22 days. A member of Norddeutscher
Verein. ¦ ¦
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
. (Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors of
H. F. Suhr & Co., 1137 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth. Interment Mount
Olivet Cemetery.
GORDON— this city, November 1, 1901,
Cuthbert Powell, beloved son of Frances P.
and the late Wellington Gordon, a native of
Virginia, aged 50 years 11 months and 10
days.
Funeral services will be held to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, at his late resi-
. dence, 1661 Octavia street, corner of Bush.
Interment private. * -•'•¦; ._.
•HAYS— In this city, October 31, 1901, Fred-
erick Hays, a native of England, aged 70
years. ¦ - ...
IC^Friends and acquaintances and com-
- rades of the G. A. R. are Invited to attend
the • funeral.' which will be held under the
auspices of George H. Thomas Post No. 2,
G. A. R.. at their hall, 320 Post street, to-
morrow (Sunday), at 1 o'clock. Interment
George H. Thomas Post Plat, National
Cemetery. Remains at the parlors of A. W.
. Martin & Co., 319 O'Farrell street.
KLUBER— In this city, October 31, 1901. Jo-
seph Kluber, dearly beloved son of Joseph
and Lizzie Kluber. a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 3 years and 7 months.
[C^The . funeral will take place to-day
(Saturday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the resi-
1 dence of the parents, 842 Filbert street. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
LEVY— In this city, November 1. 1901, Henry,
beloved husband of Pauline Levy, and father
of Mrs. S. . Pelser. Mrs. George Skaller and
Charles ' Levy of New York, Mrs. S. Cole-
man, Mrs. H. Morris, Mrs. D. Rosenblum,
Mrs. I. Cohen, Mrs. Harry Bloom and Louis
and Albert Levy of San Francisco, aged 70
years 1 month and 5 days.
. Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1032 Ellis street. Interment Hills of
Eternity Cemetery, by 11:15 o'clock special
car at Third and Townsend streets.
MacCABE— In. this city, October 31, 1901, Kath-
rine, beloved wife of Richard S. MacCabe,
and mother of Robert and Kate MacCabe, a
native of Ireland, aged 60 years. .
C?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Saturday), at 9 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 932 Church street, thence to St. James
Church, corner Twenty-third and Guerrero
streets, where a solemn requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul'
at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery.
MCCARTHY— In this city, November 1, 1901,
Annie McCarthy, beloved mother of Ariel
McCarthy, and daughter of P. Hyde of
Santa Rosa, a native of San Mateo, Cal.,
a™ed 34 years. * '
MeGUIKE— In Oakland, October 31, 1901, Fran-
cis C. McGuire, beloved husband of the late
Bridget McGuire, and father of Frank J.,
Joseph H., Frederick W. and Agnes L. Mc-
Guire, Mrs. W. J. McKee and Mrs. Clara
Schweichler, a native of Ireland, aged 61
years.
IC^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Saturday), at 1:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 1017 Seventh street, thence to the
Chuich of the Immaculate Conception, where
services will be held, commencing at 2
o'clock. Interment St. Mary's Cemetery, Oak-
land.
McKINSTRY— In San Jose. November 1. 1901.
Elisha Williams McKinstry, husband of An-
nie Livingston McKinstry, and father of
Captain C. H. McKinstry. C. E., U. S. A.,
.Laura L. McKinstry, J. C. McKinstry and
Frances McKinstry. a native of Detroit,
Mich., aged 76 years 6 months and 21 days.
Notice of funeral hereafter.
MARKS— In this city, November 1, 1901, Thomas
J. Marks, beloved son of Edmund and Re-
becca E. Marks, a native of San Francisco.
(C^Notice of funeral hereafter.
MILLER— In East Oakland. October 31, 1901,
George Miller, a native of Nova Scotia, aged
64 years 4 months and 16 days.
(C?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Sunday), at 2 o'clock, at his late
residence", 1619 Ninth avenue. East Oakland.
Interment Mountain View Cemetery.
MORRIS— In Llvermore, October 23, 1901, Mrs.
• Margaret Morris, beloved mother of Mrs.
J. C. Wallman. George Morris and Mrs. D.
C. Brown, a native of Ireland, aged .73 years.
(CFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral from the
residence of Mr. D. C. Brown at San Mateo
to-day (Saturday), at 10 o'clock.
MULLIGAN— In Auburn, Cal., August 1, 1901,
Patrick Mulliean, beloved brother of John,
James and Owen Mulligan and Mrs. Patrick
Connolly, a native of Ballieborough, County
Cavan, Ireland, aged 34 years and 7 months.
ICTThe funeral will take place to-day
(Saturday), at 9 o'clock, from the parlors of
McFadden, Mcßrearty & Green. 1171 Mission
street. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
MURPHY— this city, November 1, 1901. Gen-
eral P. W. Murphy, a native of Canada, aged
63 years 1 month and 21 days.
lE?" lnterment will take place at San Jose
to-morrow (Sunday).
O'DOUL— In South San Francisco, November 1,
1901, Catharine O'Doul, dearly beloved wife
of August G. O'Doul, beloved mother of Ed-
ward, Eugene, A gust Jr. and Theodore
O'Doul and Mrs. George Richards, and sis-
ter of Edward Fitzgerald of New York City,
a. native of . Gilflnnin, County LimerickT Ire-
' land, aged 54 years. (New York City papers
please copy.)
[CTFriendij and acquaintances are respect-
, fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1303 Fifth avenue south, South San
Francisco, thence to All Hallows', Church for
services. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
ROBINET— In this city, October 29, 1901, Eu-
gene Robinet. beloved uncle of Mrs. Julie
Dimmer, Jules and Eugene Dimmer and Mrs.
R. Balmforth, a native of France, axed 71
years 9 months and 9 days.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence 782 Folsom street, thence to Masonic
Temple, corner Montgomery and Post streets,
¦where services will be held under the aus-
pices of La Parfaite Union No. 17. Also a mem-
ber of Franco-American Lodge No. 207. I. O.
O. F. ; La Gauloise, and of the Veteran Fire-
men.
SAWYT.R— In this city, October 31, 1301. Mabel
Doris Sawyer, beloved wife of J. F. Sawyer,
and sister of Mrs. Jennie Moore, a native of
Minnesota, aged 38 years. (Chicago, 111.,
papers please copy.) ¦ • '
ir?"Friencls and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 2121 Geary street. Interment Laurel
Hill Cemetery.
SCHUETTE— In this city, October 81, 1901,
William George, beloved son of William and
Marie Schuette. and brother of Mrs. E.
Strops, Alwin T. Schuette and Mrs. V. S.
Walsh, a native of California, aged 25 years
and 4 months.
¦ ITT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral from the
residence of the parents, 161 Chattanooga
street, to-day (Saturday), at 2 o'clock. Inter-
ment Mount Olivet Cemetery. -
SHEERIN— In this city, October 31, 1901,
¦Johanna Mary, beloved wife of John J.
Sheerin, daughter of Johanna and the late
Andrew Hennebery, and mother of Andrew,
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
(Successor to Flannaean & Gallagher.)
DANIEL P.. DONOVAN. Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
20 Fifth St., opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 80. ' ¦ .
JAMBS WcGINN,
Formerly with McGinn Bros., has opened
new Funeral Parlors at 214 Eddy St.. bet.
Taylor and Jones. Telephone South 576.
UNITED UNDERTAKERS,
• 27 and 29 Fifth St. Tel. South 167.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMEH3.
Finest Equipment at Moderate Rates.
Mt. Olivet Cemetery,
Ban Mateo County. ¦
OFFICE 816 MARKET STREET.
J. HENDERSON, Manager.
NEW FIRM OF. UNDERTAKERS.
Samuel McFadden. 18 years manager for
the United Undertakers' Association; M. J.
Mcßrearty, • with the same company for 10
years; P. F. Green, late with J. C. O'Con-
nor & Co., have opened new Funeral Par-
lors at 1171 Mission street, between Seventh
¦ and Eighth. Telephone South 44. .
CREMATION.
The Odd i ellows' Cemetery Association
Point Lobos aye.. S. F., Cal.
The ordinance prohibiting , burials in San
Francisco . after the first day of August. 1801, .
does not refer to CREMATION. Neither doe»
it affect the COLUMBARIUM, because there is
nothing less harmful to the living than the
ashes of their dead. ¦
¦ Permits to . cremate will .be Issued by the
Board of Health the same as heretofore.
;— > GEORGE R. FLETCHER, - Manager. •
John and Margaret Sheerln, a native of San
Francisco, aged 32 years and 7 months.
ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Saturday), at 8:45 o'clock, from her late
residence, 323 Minnesota street, thence to St.
Teresa's Church, where a solemn requiem
. high mass will be celebrated for the repose
of her soul, commencing at 9:15 o'clock. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
SHELDON— In this city, October 31, 1901, Re-
becca R., beloved wife of the late Edwin E.
Sheldon, mother of Mrs. Clara E, Brewster
of Bancroft, Mich., and Mrs. Helen M. S.
McClir.tock, and grandmother of Edwin E..
Blanche Helen and Clare J. Br«wster and
E. Cecil and William Clark McClintock. a
native of New York, aged 69 years and 11
days. (Shiawassee County, Michigan, papers
please copy.) . v .
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited - to attend the funeral to-day
(Saturday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of Bunker & Lunt. 2666 Mission
street. Mission- Masonic Temple. Interment
San Lorenzo Cemetery, by 12:30 o'clock Oak-
land ferryboat. '
STANTON— In this city, October 31, 1901.
at his residence. IS3B Mission street. James
Stanton. a native of Ireland.
¦ (E?lnterment strictly private. Omit flow-
ers. _. ....
STROMINGER —In Stockton. Cal.. Julia
Strominger, a native of Pennsylvania, aged
65 years. " •
IC7" Remains at the mortuary chapel 'of the
Golden Gate Undertaking Company, 2475 Mis-
sion street, near Twenty-first. Notice of fu-
neral hereafter.
THOMAS— In this city, November 1, 1901. Mrs.
- Nellie Thomas, dearly beloved wife' of
. Stephen Thomas, ' and dearly beloved mother
. of Matt J., George W., Harold J., Ilene.
Lillian, James and Vincent Thomas, a na-
tive of Ireland. '
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to- attend the funeral Monday.
November 4, at 9 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 104 Devisadero street, thence to Sacred
Heart Church, where a solemn high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Holy.
Cross Cemetery.
TURNER— this city, October 31, 1901. Emily
Turner, wife of the late Richard Turner, and
Bister of the late Mrs. Ann Sheppard, a na-
t ive of England, aged 70 years.
lE7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
. fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Saturday), at 10 o'clock, from the parlors
of A. W. Martin & Co.. 319 O-Farrell street.
Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by 11:30
o'clock train from Third and Townsend
streets.
VOSS— In this city, October 31. 1901. Henri-
etta C. beloved daughter of the late Ferdi-
nand and Catharine Voss, and sister of
Frank and Charles Voss. a native of San
Francisco, aged 20 years and 1 month.
<§hanahan Florisf Co.
/ARTISTIC FLORAL DESIGNS
Prices Reasonable . \ ,
107 POWELL ST.nca«ELLIS 5056
PERSONAL MENTION.
L. B. Eaton of Pasadena is at the
Palace.
W. D. Tupper, a merchant of Fresno, is
at the California.
J. H. Mackenzie of Hawaii registered
at the Occidental yesterday.
Edwin H. Neill, the well-known theatri
cal manager, is at the California.
A. B. Wilberforce, a well-known tennis
player, is at the Occidental, accompanied
by his wife.
John Caffrey, a well-known wine agent,
returned yesterday from an extended tour
of the Northwest.
J. C. Stubbs, accompanied by his wife
and family, left last evening to take up
his residency in Chicago.
Garret McEnerney, the well-known at
torney, writes friends in this city that
he is spending several weeks in Rome.
G. Kunst, a merchant with residences
at Samoa, Honolulu, Hamburg and Vladi
vostok, arrived at the Palace yesterday.
He expects to remain here several days.
Californians in Washington.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Nov. I.— The fol
lowing Californians have arrived at the
hotels: Raleigh— James F. Kenealy and
wife, Los Angeles; O. S. Smoot and wife,
San Francisco; New Willard — W. H.
Moulthrop and wife; Ebbitt— Elliott Snow,
U. S. N.; Arlington — Frank Jaynes and
wife; Shoreham — John S. Young; National
— F. K. Hubber, all of San Francisco.
Contracts for Street Work.
The Board of Public Works awarded
contracts yesterday for the repaying of
Spear street, between Mission and How
ard, to the City Street Improvement Com
pany for $10,964 90, and Seventh street, be
tween Berry and Channel, to the Union
Paving Company for $636 80, these com
panies being the lowest bidders.
Don't Leave San Francisco
Without seeing: those unique Mexican
carved leather goods and pretty California
Souvenirs. It costs nothingr to see them
at Sanborn, Vail & Co.'s, 741 Market st. *
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
E X Taylor, Alameda Minnesota
R E L Good, Clovis F Conallow & w, S Jos
W G Blewett. Los Ang J E Keller, Newcastle
L McCarthy, Boston Mrs E C Ebren, Cal
C W Mack, Portland E A Kelley, Petaluma
M Wolf, NT G A Gower w & eh,
i R D Spencer. Chicago Mobile
J 9 Rice, Tustin J C Tapler. Los Ang
A D Graham, Chicago W D Wagner, Cal
Mrs H Murray & dau, G S Smith, w & eh,
Portland Santa Ana
Mrs T F Wallace, Tex T W Wells, Sonoma
L S Wood & w, Denver T E Theberath, Cal
E A Wood, Denver Miss S Hlrsch, Cal
L W Bishop, USN Mrs H Weilheim'er Cal
W A Dunn, NY J W Williams, Cal
Mr & Mrs Lynch, Wsh G B Carter, Carters
A W Keek. Kan City Mr 3 W O Ballard. Sac
J F Waterhouse. Cal E Richardson, L Gates
G A Bridges, Mass E L Southworth. Sacto
Mrs G W Holzberger, J H Lane, N V
Salinas W H Coldonger, Sacto
Mrs P H Winston & E Stephens, Salt Lake
son, Fort Bragg J Smith, Reno
R Keating. Palo Alto W B Cross, Chicago
S D Saunders. Seattle L W Carpenter Tex
F A Kribs, w A eh,
PALACE HOTEL.
G R Shreve. San Mateo S L Whltestone & w,
C H Patterson, Berkly N V
S V Hunt, Hanberg J c Asplund, N V
Miss Degdan, Hanberjr J E Terry. Sacto
J Henniger, Hanberg Ben Shane, N V
G Gosling. Chicago R D Goodwin. USA
H Gwyn, Coronado N N Si>ear, Chicago
F Carvalli. N V Miss E Dwyer, Sacto
W W Baker, W Walla Mrs W E Gerber, Sacto
Miss C Jones, W Walla Miss A Gerber, Sacto
L B Eaton, Pasadena Miss I Gerber, Sacto
A H Herrfeldt, NY J Caffrey. Dublin
G F Robertson. N D A L Schranz, N V
J F Kruse & w. Chic Sir C Furness. London
E Haynes, Chicago W H Beckingham. Lon
J Lloyd & w, Fruitvalei W S Macy, USN
Mrs C D Henry, Men- I S W Huntington, N V
terey S L Levy. N V
Mrs J Henry, Monterey J H Colbum, N V
Fred Joy, Boston I B F Durphy & w, Cal
W J Wayte. Oxnard X Onstott. N Albany
\V Frese &w, M Val S H Merrill. Nome
T J Fleetwood & w, J G Hately. Ariz
Tacoma D Campbell. Texas
R D Meyer, Stanford D M Boyd. S Lake
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
E Taylor Cape Nome i L A Bowman. San Jose
H BvSmlthson. Sacto M Hardin city
W S Bennett & w, Or W. Cough net. San Jose
J L Corlen, Seattle !C B Bloyd, Corral Hoi
B P Bean, San. Jose W R Sullivan, Cal
R W Sadler. San Jose J L Coleman, Los An
A Joyce, Carters ! J Mclntoah, Angel' sCp
L E Marshall, w & ! Ed H W Hamilton. Cai
child, Jackson. H M Morton, Los Ang
E H Hareford, New V J T Walker, Chicago
T Bowman & w.S Jose ;
COMMERCIAL NEWS
Continued From Page Twelve.
THE STOCK MARKET.
Giant Powder was the active stock on the
morning session of the Bond Exchange, selling
at $S6@B6 75, k further advance. Evidently this
stock Is considered a good buy. Alaska Pack
ers' was off a couple of dollars at $148. Market
Street Railroad was easy at $89. The other
stocks showed little change. The oil stocks
were fairly active, considering the quiet state
of the market, but prices did not vary much.
Business was dull in the afternoon, at about
the morning's figures.
Alaska Packers' has declared Its ninety-fifth
dividend of 75c, payable on the 12th.
The following were ex-divldend yesterday:
Oil City Petroleum. '4c: Hanford Oil, $1: West
Shore Oil. sc; Sacramento Electric. Gas and
Railway Company, regular monthly 15c per
Bhare. amounting to $2773 90.
The following were ex-coupon yesterday: U.
S. Government 4s. 1925, new issue, regular
quarterly, amounting to $1,623,154: U. S. 3s
190S, amounting to $747,162 75; North Pacific
Coast Railroad Company 6s, 19<H. amounting to
$16,200: Bacramento Electric, Gas and Railway
Company ss. 1327, semi-annual, amounting to
$52,500; Southern Pacific Railroad, first con
solidated guaranteed gold ss, 1937, amounting
to $644,350. Total, $3,083,366 75.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
FRIDAY, Nov. I—2 p. m.
tTNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask. Bid. Ask.
4s quar coup.. 112*4 113 4a qr c (new). l39 139^
4s quar reg....112»4U3 ,3s quar coup..K«Vi —
FAMILY. RETAIL MARKET.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs remain about as
quoted last week. Supplies of all are sufficient
and the tendency of the wholesale markets 13
slightly downward.
All meats remain as before. Poultry, is
abundant and not materially changed, anil
Game also remains about the same.
The summer fruits and vegetables are dis
appearing.
Coal. per ton —
Cannel $ @13 OOjSouthfleld
Wellington .. ©11 00: Wellington i ©11 CO
Seattle 5 00— 00 , Coos 8ay.... @1 C*
Dairy Produce, . etc.—
Butter, choice, sq.33@sQ Ranch Eggs, per
Do, good 4o'g!Jo ; d<"zen 35(9*3
Packed, per 1b....23@— ' Eastern Eggs 25@r.0
Cheese. Cal .15@17 Hoi.ey Comb, per
Cheese. Eastern. ..17Q2'i pound 15&*
! Cheese. Swiss 2t)@35 Do. extracted.... B@.O
Common Eggs 25©30' »'"*
Meats, per pound-
Bacon , Round Steak ....I(X§—
Beef, choice 12913 Sirloin Steak 12©—
Do, good ...10@— Tenderloin do 15@—
Corned Beef 10«gp — Porterhouse do.'.lZH'gSO
Ham 17@1S Smoked Beef 20$—
Lard — -915 Pork, salt 10@12'4
Mutton B@lo Pork Chops — ®l 5
Lamb 10@12 Pork Sausages.. 12%®^
Pork, fresh 15#— IVeal  12@—
Poultry and Game-
Hens, each 50@«0! Rabbits, each ....13@20
Young Roosters. Hare, each — @^>
I each 50@r> English Snipe, per
Cld Roosters. ea..40@50 dozen $3 50© ,
Fryers, each 35<543 Jack Snipe... Sl 7r.<3
I Broilers, each 30@40 Mallard, palr.tl 23@1 30
Turkeys, per 1b...10®22 Sprig, pr palr.73c@sl 00
i Ducks, each 50@73 Teal per pair 30<@*)
I Geese. each...sl 23©1 50 Widgeon, pr palr.so@i)i)
' Pigeons, pair 40@50 Smell Duck. palr.4o<ffir>O
Doves, per doz..— ®l 25 Wild Geese. pr.73c@H 00
Fruits and Nut»—
I Alligator Pears. Logan Berries, per
each 35® ,0 drawer —ma
Almonds loi^O Lemons, do* 2oS:i)
Apples 3@ 5 Nutmeg Melons.
Bananas, doz ....lo<@2o! each 5010
Blackberries, dwr.2o@3C Pears. lb B©i2<_
Cranberries, qt....— gl» Pineapples. each..4o(©.>f>
Cocoanuts, each...—^lo Pomegranates, dz^OS?*)
Chestnuts, per 1b.t."..a20 Persimmons, doz. — @30
Cantaloupes, ea-12%@13 Quinces, per 1b... 3© $
Figs, per lb 10® 13 Raisins, per lb. 5@15
Grapes, per lb 6@ .- Raspberries. dwr.4o@.>o
Grape Fruit, d0z...5l 50 Strawberries, per
Huckleberries. -_,„, drawer 30@«0
per lb lO®^ 1 -; Walnuts, per lb...]Mg9
Limes, do* — <§& Watermelons, ea..lO<^;;o
Vegetables —
Artichokes. doa... Leeks, doz bchs...la@2o
Beets, doa 10@— Okra. green, lb..B@l2Vi
Beans, white, lb.. 6@— Green Peppers, lb 5@ 1
Colored, per lb.. s@-- Potatoes, per lb.. 2@2V«
Dried Lima. lb.. 6@ S Sweet Potatoes, lb 2@ 1
Green Lima. lb. 6<B> 8 Parsnips, pr doz..ic@—
Cranberry Beans.. 6@— Radishes, dz bchs.ls@2O
Cabbage, each — s@— Sage, doz bnchs..2S(g:3O
Celery, head s@— String Beans, lb.. 5® 8
Cress, doz bnchs.l5 l Summer Squash.
Cucumbers, d0z.,.15®20 per pound 4@ 4
Egg Plant, lb 4® 6 Sprouts, per 1b.... t>4? 8
Garlic 4® 6 Spinach, per 1b... Big-
Green Peas, lb «@ 8 Thyme, doz bchs.23@3o
Lettuce, per d0z..15@2C Turnips, per doa. .10®—
Mushrooms, pr 1b.40@50 Tomatoes, per lb. . 4<§ i
Onions, per —19 »
Fish-
Carp — ® 8 Sea Bass 12%jJ—
Catfish 10@— Smelts 12V§n
Codfish 12@15 Soles S@lo
Flounders B@lo Skates, each S@lo
Halibut 12%@15 1 Squid — —
Herrln? — @ — Tomcod 12^^15
Mackerel 15®-- Turbot 15<g25
Do. horse 10@— Trout 20625
Perch B@lo Brook Trout — #75
Pompino 40@50 \j»lteflsh 10@—
Rockcod 12%©16 CVVns. gallon 30S—
Rockfisb. 10@12% Do, hardshell, lb 8(810
Salmon, fresh...l2%®lsi Crawfish B@lo
Do. smoked 15@23| Crabs, each 12%@13
Sardines 10@— Mussels, quart — 8
Shrimps — 10 Oysters. Cal. 100..40550
Shad 10@— I Do, Eastern, dz.25 1 340
Striped Bass 12%@15
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bay CP C 55.106% — Oceanic M 10314104
Cal-st 5s 118 — Omnibus C «5.129% —
C C Water 55.111%112% Pac O Imp 4s. 95 98%
Ed L & P 68. - 131 Vi Pk & C H 63. — ll.T*
E'er &Cl H 68.122 — Pit 4O R 85. 121 —
Geary-st 0n.'... — 100 Powll-st R «a. — —
H C & S 5%5. — — Sac EG R ss. 93% 9*
Doss 99% — SF & SJV :.s. 122*4 —
Los Ang R 05.117% — Sierra Cal 65.. — —
L A Light 65. 101% — SP of Ariz 6s
Do gntd 65. .100 — (1909) 113 113%
Do rntd 55.. 102 102% (1910) 114% -
LA & P 55.... 101% — S Pof Cal 6s
Do 1 c m 53. — 123 (1905). Ser A.107% —
Mkt-st Cab 65.127%125% (1903), Ser 8.108%109
Do ie m ss.l22><* — (1906) 110% —
NR of Cal 65.111%113 (1912) 119 —
Do 5s 121 — SP of Cal Ist
Nor Pac C 55.107 108 ; c gntd 55.... 109 —
Nor Cal R 55. .112% — SP Br Cal 65.134% —
Oak Gas 55.... 1114 — S V Water 65. 11 l —
Oak Trans 65.. 123*4 —• Do 4s — 1C3%
Do Ist c 55..111%112% 1 Do 4s 4 3d m. — IC3H
Oak Wat g ss. 103^104% Btktn Gas 65.. 102% —
WAT^R STOCKS.
! Contra Costa.. OH 79 Port Costa 63% 68
Marln County. 58 — ; Spring Valley. 87% 87%
GAS AND ELECTRIC-
Cent L * P... — 4 ! Pacific Light.. 41 —
Equitable 3% 4 I Sacramento ... 25 —
Mutual 3%, 5% S F G & E.... «% 45
Oakland — 52 San Francisco. 414 1 —
Pac Gas Imp. 40 — > Stktn G & E.. 3 —
INSURANCE.
Firem's Fund. 24o — )
BANKS.
Anglo-Cal .... n-' 2 79>a L P & A — —
California ....406 4CB Her Ex (liq).. 18 —
Cal Safe Dep.. — :S F National.l3o — .
First NationL .315 — I
SAVINGS BANKS. .
German 1902^2050 -| Say & Loan...— 90 ¦
Humboldt — — Security Sav..2Ss 35*
Mutual Say... 60 — Union Trust.. 1700 —
S F Say U....525 — I
STREET RAILROADS.
California ....130% — ,O SL & H.... 40 —
Geary — 50 Presidio 32 —
Market 83 83%!
POWDER.
Giant 86% ST IVlgorit ........ 4*4 4%
SUGAR. .
Hana ~ 4% 5% Kilauea 11 11H
Hawaiian — 47% Makaweli 28% 29
Honokaa 12%13 .Onomea 24 24%
Hutchlnson ... 16% — Paauhau 12% 13
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska Pack..147%148V» Oceanic S Co. 444 43
Cal Fruit Asn. — 100 Pac Aux FA. 2% —
Cal Wine Asn. 89 90 Pac C Borax. 185 —
Exchange.llO — Par Paint 16 —
Morning Session.
Board —
5 Alaska Packers* Association 148 00
100 Equitable Gas 3 75
260 Giant Powder Con 84 25
65 Giant Powder Con 86 50
25 Giant Powder Con 86 »2V4
15 Giant Powder Con 86 75
20 Hutchinson, cash 17 00
60 Makaweli » 25
10 Market-street Railway 89 00
Street—
5 Giant Powder Con 86 <)•
Afternoon Session.
Board—
65 Alaska Packers' Association. 148 00
23 Cal Wine Assn 89 50
I Contra Costa Water 78 50
30 Giant Powder Con 86 75
10 Market-street Railway 89 25
$4000 Oakland Water 5s 104 00
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
Board —
50 Home 3 33
400 Junction ¦
300 Junction -. SB
SOO Lion 09
-.' mte Cnsto 167^
50 Monte Cristo " L 70
400 Oil City Petroleum 25
100 Petroleum Center 0»
100 Reed Crude 36
300 Twenty-Eight 1 6«
Afternoon Session.
Board —
300 Four
250 Giant - 34
200 Home r , 3 40
200 Junction 2S
1000 Lion *»
¦y*) Monarch of Ariiona. 23
1600 Petroleum Center 07
•nroleum Center W
500 Petroleum Center
400 Toltec ¦
1 ) Twenty-Eight IK
MINING STOCKS.
The following were the sales In the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yeaterc.ay:
Morning Session.
100 Confidence 76 500 Crown Point.. 01
Afternoon Session.
200 Chollar 08' 200 Ophir S3
100 Hale & Norc... 13> 200 Sierra Nevada, li
The following were the sales in the Pacific
Stock Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
100 Con Cal A Va..l 75 COO Overman Ot
100 Mexican It SO Silver Hill 31
300 Ophir S2I 300 Yellow Jacket., li
Afternoon Session.
200 Best & Belcher IS) 2TO Ophir »
500 Chollar 07| 500 Poto»l 0<
100 Con Cal & V.I ~V 100 Sierra Nevada, li
200 Crown Point... US i 500 Silver Hill 3
200 Hale & Nurc... 15
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
FRIDAY. Nov. 1— p. m.
Bid. Ask. EM.Ask,
Alpha 01 02 Justice 02 01
Alta • 01 '03 Kentuck — Cl
Andes 03 03 Lady Wash .... 01 -
Belcher OS 03 Mexican ........ 19 21
Best & Belcher IS 17 (Occidental CS 01
Bullion 03 eijOphlr'. 81 8
Caledonia 28 29 Overman 95 M
Challenge Con . . IS 2(t Potcal .... 07 01
Chollar VI US Savage 10 . X
Confidence 73 77 Scorpion — €'
Con Cal * Va.l 75 180 Seg Belcher...:. «2 Cl
Con Imperial... — Ul! Sierra Nevada. 14 II
Con New York. 01 —'Silver Hill 28 3
Crown Point... 05 06! St Louis 03 -
Eureka Con 1* — Standard ISO 4Hi
Exchequer '. — ('- Syndicate ... — if
Gould & Curry 11 12 Union Con 12 1-
Hale & Norc... IS 19 Utah 03 «
Julia - - «l| yellow Jacket.. 14 V
1516
MANAGEMENT OF ST. ELMO HOSPITAL
IS INVESTIGATED BY LUNACY BOARD
FRINCIPAL ACTORS AND WITNESSES WHO WERE CONCERNED IN THE INVESTIGATION HELD YESTER
DAY AFTERNOON UNDER THE DIRECTION OF THE STATE BOARD OF LUNACY INTO THE ALLEGED
ABUSES OF PATIENTS AT THE ST. ELMO HOSPITAL.
DR. F. W. HATCH, president of
the State Board of Lunacy, as
sisted by Attorney George L.
Hughes, conducted an investiga
tion yesterday into the alleged
abuses of insane patients at the St. Elmo
Hospital. Eighteenth and Douglass streets.
This hospital was licensed on October 23
tn care for insane patients and a week
later charges of mismanagement of the
¦ st kind were made by Dr. John P.
Frizell. the resident physician.
Although the inquiry, according to the
Etatemem made by Dr. Hatch at the be
ginning of the investigation, was to be
confined solely to the treatment of those
mentally unbalanced patients confined in
the asylum, under the charges preferred
by Dr. Frisell the whole subject of the
management of the institution was gone
into and a large mass of testimony was
taken. As to the ownership of the hos
pital, a point which Superintendent Mur
dock tried to evade, it was clearly estab
lished both by his testimony and that of
Dr. Frizell that S. P. Blumenberg, a di
The absolutely pure
' BAKING POWDER
Made from Pure Grape Cream of Tartar.
Royal gives to food that pecu-
liar lightness, sweetness, and
delicious flavor noticed in the
finest bread, cake, biscuit, rolls,
crusts, etc., which expert pas-
try cooks declare is unobtain-
able when any other leavening
agent is used.
«OYAI. BAKING POWDER CO., 100 JBT., NEW YORK,
rector in the Twinkling Star Improvement
Company, owner of the notorious Hotel
Nymphia, was the owner of the place and
that Murdock was his representative un
der a contract to purchase.
The charges preferred in writing by Dr.
Frizell are as follows:
To the State Commission in Lunacy of the
State of California— Gentlemen: I herewith
present written charges to your honorable body
apainst Alexander Murdock. manager, and the
management of the St. Elmo Hospital and
Sanitarium, situated at 230 Douglass street, San
Francisco, California, of incomnetency of man
agement, cruelty toward patients and also as
to the character of the persons composing the
corporation controlling said hospital.
I hereby specify the above charges as fol
lows :
1. Incompetency of management — The head
nur.-fr. Mlfs la. Dugan, is allowed to administer
medicine to patients without doctors' direc
tion*. She has only had four months' experi
ence as a nurse and is incompetent for her
position. This fact is known to the superin
tendent and management.
2. Cruelty to patients— l also charge that Su
perintendent Murdock did give orders for a fe
male patient to be taken out of the room in
which she was placed and be taken to the attic
of the hospital. She was locked in the attic
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 2, 1901.
and by reason of his orders suffered from
neglect.
3. Character of perßona composing corpora
tion—l also charge that the persons composing
the corporation engaged In carrying on the hos
pital are of bad reputation and morally unfit
to be allowed to conduct a hospital for the
care and treatment of persons afflicted with
mental diseases.
Dr. John P. Frizell was the first witness
called. He stated that he was a graduate
of the Kings and Queens College of Dub
lin and had, about six weeks ago, in re
sponse to a reply to an advertisement in
a morning; paper gone to 514 Pine street,
where he met Murdock and Blumenberg
and was by them engaged to act as resi
dent physician at a salary of $300 a month.
Continuing, he said:
The understanding was that I should work
the first two weeks for nothing and see to tho
arrangements at the hospital, which was then |
hardly in a condition to receive patients, al- \
though a few were there. I went ahead and |
took up my residence there. We engaged a j
number of nurses and proceeded to take in i
patients. My first objection was as to the I
competency of Miss Dugan, who had been in
stalled as head nurse.
She had had no previous experience, but un
dertook to dose patients. She told one of the
nurses to give an ounce and a half of essence
of peppermint to an old woman, when twenty
or thirty drops is a big dose. At another time
she proceeded to administer a dose of lauda
num to a patient and was taking enough to
kill a man, when, fortunately, I came Into the
dispensary in time to stop her. Orders given
by me to the nurses were countermanded by
her. She said this was done by Murdock's or
ders. I could not got from the kitchen any
special orders as to diets. I got tired after a
few experiences of this kind and did not make
any further orders for special diets, although
in many instances they were required.
In my opinion the patients did not get
enough or proper food. My orders were con
tinually interfered with.
Dr. Frizell next referred to the case of
the insane patient who was confined in
the attic. He said she was deprived of
every bit of furniture, her meals were
laid on a tray on the floor and one day
for six hours she was allowed to go en
tirely naked as her clothes had been taken
away from her by orders of Superintend
ent .Murdock.
Referring again to the matter of food
Dr. Hatch asked as to its quality. Dr.
Frizell said:
There was mush and milk for breakfast,
roast meat and baked potatoes for dinner and
"leftovers" -for supper. The meat was bad
and in many cases was tainted; in fact, 11 was
unfit to eat. It was insufficient, too, in quan
tity. Patients suffered from the lack of food
and oftentimes could not eat what they got.
When nurses were specially required they could
not be had.
The day after the mother of the young wom
an left she was removed to the attic-room.
Nurse Crap told the superintendent In my pres
ence that the patient would die of cold if not
treated more humanely and Murdock answered
that that was her lookout.
Nurses Sustain Doctor.
Dr. Frizell also referred to the visit of
inspection made by Dr. Hatch, who at the
time. asked to see the resident physician.
Dr. Frizell proved that he was in the
building at the time, but Murdock said
he was out.
"Yes, I remember that you were in the
building when I called," said Dr. Hatch.
The matter of the personnel of the board
of directors was also gone into in sub
stantiation of the last section of the
charges. Dr. Frizell stated that he had
made inquiries and found that the names
of the directors were men who were un
der Blumenberg's control and of no par
ticular standing: in the community.
Miss Mamie K. Brennan was .the next
witness. She was employed as a nurse
and was one of those discharged at the
time Dr. Frizell severed his connection
with the institution. Her testimony was
positive and was not shaken when she
was taken in hand by Murdock for cross
examination. She said in part:
The food was not fit for a dog to eat. The
steaks were so tough that you could not put
your teeth through them. The tea wad like
water. I have seen a female patient treated
roughly by Murdock. He strapped her up so
tight she could not move and when she
screamed with pain and in delirium he stopped
her cries by placing his arm over her mouth
and later gagged her with a towel.
Miss Helen M. Crap, another of the dis
charged nurses, also gave testimony. She
was an attendant on the young woman
who was left without clothing and told of
her complaints to Dr. Frizell, who was
always overruled by Murdock. Her testi
mony was as follows:
When this young woman was placed in the
attic room I was placed in charge of her.
Everything was taken out of her room. There
was not even a chair for her to sit upon. She
was always tractable. At night a mattress
and bed clothing were put in her room. One
day Superintendent Murdock ordered all her
clothing removed, as the night before she bad
CLUBMAN FALLS
FROM A WINDOW
Tragic Death of Cuthbert
P. Gordon at Cosmos
Club.
He Suddenly Becomes Dizzy
From Heart Disease and
Loses Balance.
Cuthbert P. Gordon, a member of the
Cosmos Club, was killed instantly yester
day morning by falling from, a second
story window of the club building to the
sidewalk, a distance of about twenty feet.
The fall is believed to have been acci
dental, as Gordon was suffering from
heart disease, caused by smoking strong
cigars.
Gordon was cashier for Charles Chris
tiansen, insurance agent, and had been in
his employment for twelve years. He re
tired about 11 o'clock on Thursday night
and at half past 8 o'clock yesterday morn
ing he was seen to fall from a window of
his room and strike on his head and
shoulders on the sidewalk. Dr. Plymire,
who was summoned, found that the un
fortunate man had been killed instantly:
Christiansen speaks in the highest terms
of the dead man. He had spent the even
ing in his company and had remarked to
Gordon that he did not look at all well.
Gordon replied that he was not feeling
: well and that his heart was troubling
1 him.
I torn up her nightgown. She was left nude
for several hours.
Miss Crap also testified as to the bad
quality of the food and the lack of deli
cacies oftentimes required by the sick.
A number of other witnesses were ready
to testify to a similar condition of affairs,
but their testimony was not considered
necessary. „ , __
In his defense Murdock called Mis 3
Lydla F. Dugan, acting head nurse. Miss
Dugan testified that her flrst experience
in a hospital dated from June 10 of this
year, when she went to the St. Elmo Hos
pital. She denied that she ever com-,
pounded prescriptions, because, she said,
she was ignorant of the character of
drugs. She also denied that she had ever
disobeyed the doctor's orders.
Murdock admitted that for over a year
before going into the hospital he had an
office with Blumenberg at 514 Pine street.
He denied that Blumenberg was interested
in the hospital, but later, on cross-ex
amination by Doctor Hatch and Attorney
Hughes, admitted that he had a contract
with blumenberg to purchase the hos
pital. After relating in detail what he did
at the hospital, he said:
I had my office with Blumenberg for over a
year. In consideration of my doing some legal
business for him, he gave me office rent free.
I also got for him a number of shares In the
hospital sold some real estate for him, but
did not 'do any Police Court business for him
or his friends. I thought I saw a good chance
to make money out here in this hospital and
spoke to Blumenberg about it. He had an
equity in it of about $7000 and so I offered to
purchase It if I could get it on easy terms.
We decided that I should pay ?500 a year and
interest on the balance-. I organized a new
company and took charge. I am the manager
now and the principal owner.
During Murdock'a examination it de
veloped that a bill of drugs ordered by
Dr Frizell from Langley & Michaels was
ordered returned by Blumenberg, who
said: "There are too many medicines in
the hospital now." Murdock claimed that
Blumenberg had only guaranteed his
credit of ?70 at the wholesale drug house
and the drugs sent back ran the bill up in
excess of the amount named.
After the hospital cook and some of the
attendants had testified to the good
quality and sufficient quantity of the rood,
Dr Hatch announced that he would ren
der his decision as to the revocation of
the license on Monday morning at 11
I o'clock.
AJDVEBTISEMENTS.
Saturday's
Big Waist
Specials
$1.25 quality WOMEN'S FLAN- *7 An
NEL WAISTS, lined throughout Ittv
$2.25 FRENCH FLANNEL, WAISTS, en-
tire Waist composed of one <j» | APZ
mass, of fine tucks CItTU
$2.75 STRIPED FRENCH FLANNEL
WAISTS, In all the latest colorings, very
• prettily made and trimmed fir I 081
$3.50 WAISTS, made of best quality French
. Flannel, clusters of tucks in yoke,
trimmed with fancy pearl tirO s4F^
buttons. On sale «TCF
$3.50 quality CASHMERE WAISTS, front,
back and sleeves tucked and trimmed
with applique lace, all colors, including
cream and black. Special <J*O Q^l
price €J>-£«OO
$3.75 quality ALBATROSS WAISTS, beauti-
fully made and effectively <£O QS
trimmed. To-day's price.... tp^rat/tF
$5.00 quality WAISTS, made of very finest
Albatross and trimmed In the very latest
- fancy lace effects— houses : charge
$6.00 for similar Waists. «C Q QC:
Our special price.. <pO»C7CF
FINE FRENCH FLANNEL WAISTS, but-
toned in back, bishop sleeves, blouse em-
broidered in silk bow knot patterns and
many other pretty designs. 4J! Q QC
To-day's price «J>O»€/tJ
Worth double.
$5.00 SILK WAISTS— Made up of rich Taf-
f eta, beautifully tucked and trimmed— all
pretty colorings. Special to- <IJ Q " '7^%
ALL WAISTS on sale are. buttoned ; front
or back, lined throughout and come In
all the latest colors, including black and
cream, size 32 to 44.
'." • ¦ ¦ ~^~^ V
Following Specials
To-day Only
Our best 25c WOMEN'S BLACK |O r
HOSE. Special price........ , tOY
20c FANCY . TOP WOMEN'S IQU
4 HOSE. Special price l^&'jV^
20c WOMEN'S RIBBED or |Ql r
PLAIN HOSE. Special price.. I.A2V
20c CHILDREN'S, EXTRA LONG
LENGTH, FINE RIBBED HOSE, : double
• knee, heel and toe, sizes 5% to ]Ql
, to 10. Special price............ I-^ijV
Corset Specials
Money refunded or a new Corset given if
after 30 days' wear our Corsets are not sat-
isfactory. . - i .- ¦
To-day we'll sell you Corsets in any make
or shape at following prices: | .
38c for - 50c; CORSETS. "
 48 c for ¦ 65c CORSETS. "
74c - for * 98c CORSETS.
»8c for $1.20 CORSETS. '
81.35 for $1.50 CORSETS. .
#1.50!f0r $2.00 CORSETS.
»1 .75 for $2.25 . CORSETS.
5 This means you can call for any Corset
you're in the habit of wearing and we'll
save you 25 per cent from your last price.
WE'RE OPEN TO-NIGHT TILL 11 .;
O'CLOCK.
1212-1214 MARKET ST.,
Between Taylor and Jones.
HIGHBINDERS
KILL LOOKOUT
Fire Two Shots at Chin
Chew Through a
Window.
Blackmail Follows Loss in
Gambling Den and
Causes Crime.
Chin Chew, a lookout at Buck Guy's
gambling house, 820 Washington street,
was murdered while sitting at his win- j
dow adjoining the entrance to the den
early yesterday morning by two high
binders, who have so far eluded the vigi
lance of the police. Two snots were fired
at the lookout, the flrst bullet strik
ing him in the abdomen, the second lodg
ing in the wall behind him.
About ten minutes to 4 o'clock the mur
derers approached the window at which
Chin Chew was seated. The window is
covered with a wire screen. One of the
highbinders placed the muzzle of a re
volver between the wire screen and the
glass and fired twice. They were seen to
run away by three Chinese, who were un
able to get a good look at their features.
The police were quickly notified and De
tectives Dinan and Bailey, Sergeant Chris
tiansen and Policeman. Peshon were soon
at the scene. They sent Chin Chew to the
Receiving Hospital, but he died a few
minutes after arriving there. The officers
made a thorough search, but could find no
trace of the murderers.
Detective Ed Gibson was detailed on the
case yesterday, and he ascertained that
the murder was due to an attempt at
blackmail following a loss at the gam
bling tables. Three highbinders had played
successful!'- about two weeks ago, win
ning about $1700. Buck Guy came to the
conclusion that they had cheated him and
he told his assistants to be on their guard
when they returned. They did so a week
ago last Monday night and they lost $350,
the assistants playing the same trick on
them that they had worked before on the
house. Since then they had threatened to
kill Buck Guy unless the $350 was re
turned to them, and failing in that it is
supposed they determined to wreak their
vengeance on the lookout. Gibson wants
Buck Guy to swear to warrants for the
arrest of the men he suspects, but is
doubtful that he will do so, being afraid
they will take his life.
About 10 o'clock Thursday night Police
man Tillman of the Chinatown squad saw
a man acting suspiciously in front of the
gambling house. The man had a paper
parcel under his arm, and when Tillman
grabbed hold of him and opened the par
cel he discovered it contained a large
Colt'B revolver. It is believed that he was
there to murder some one. He was ar
rested for carrying a concealed weapon,
and was taken before Judge Mogan yes
terday. The case was continued till No
vember 4. He -aye the name of Chin
Moon, and said he was a cousin of Chin
Chew. After he had been informed of
Chin Chew's murder he said he had come
from Bartlett Springs to protect the dead
man, as he had been notified that threats
had been made to kill him. The police do
not believe nis story.
The Question Answered.
Where can you get Pyrography ma
chines, skins for burning and wooden
novelties reasonable in prices? At San
born & Vails. 741 Market street. ?
» ? »
Big Failure in Sacramento.
Creditors of w. R. Knights & Co., mer
chants of Sacramento, tiled a petition in
involuntary inuolvency in the United
States District Court yesterday. They al
lege that the firm owes $53.956 to the bank
of D. O. Mills & Co. at Sacramento, J12.20S
to John McFarland of Sacramento and
$533 to O'Neill Brothers & Callaghan of
San Francisco.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
A CANDIDATE
INDORSED.
- WE, THE UNDERSIGNED ATTOR-
ney 3, practicing at the San Francisco bar,
cheerfully recommend Hon. Arthur G.
Fisk, Republican candidate for District
Attorney, for the consideration and sup-
port of our fellow citizens. Mr. Fisk is !
known to us as a capable? lawyer, well
qualified to discharge with credit to 'him-
self and the community at large the
duties of the high and important office for j
which he has been nominated by the Re-
publican Municipal. Convention. Irrespec-
tive of partisan politics or party affilia- I
tions, we take pleasure in saying: that in j
our opinion, if elected, he will make an
able, painstaking and acceptable District
Attorney, his course as chairman of the j
Committee on Ways and Means at tho j
late legislative session having stamped \
him as a man of courage, conviction and
fearless integrity. (Signed), ~-
W. H. L. Barnes, Earl H. Webb,
Thos. B. Bishop, Andrew Thome,
R. H. Lloyd, H. A. Powell,
A. G. Booth, J. W. Dorsey,
A. Ruef, Walter S. Brann,
Sam'l M. Shortridge, William H. Cobb,
Sheldon G. Kellogg, B. G. Somers,
H. G. W. Dinkelspiel. Brooks Palmer.
W. H. H. Hart, C. H. Ostman,
Louis P. Boardman, H. O. Beatty,
John R. Altken, S. S. Sanborn,
Deal, Tauszky & Wells, R. H. Morrow,
W. H. Chlckering, Davis & Nathan,
Warren Gregory, John A. Percy,
Mark L. Gerstle, *. Ralph L. 'Hathorn '
W. C. Van Fleet, Maurice L. Asher,
Charles L. Patton, Frank D. Strlngham
George H. Bahrs, Hull McClaughry,
D. J. Murphy, Wllber* O. Zelgler,
E. J. Banning, E. Myron Wolf,
Marshall B. Wood- J. J. Van Nostrand,
worth, Isidore Golden
P. A. Bergerot, Carlton W. Greene,
Geo. D. Squires, Bruce Cornwall,
L. L. Solomons. Allen L. Chickering,
Geo. H. Plppy, George H. Whlpple,
Pringle & Pringle, Clay P. Gooding,
Stanley Jackson, . William H. Jordan. -
M. H. Wascerwitz, , . . .
©"SUITS
/ ~ \i\ • we. make to
, ;",*/'• \ th*_ ' measure are
(V^'v \\BS& strictly high
I • I ttt???^^ ¦ class ,in every-
\ \ FV I thing except
\ \II ¦..'¦ I <di price. "Wheri you
\ V U r. . . ¦ see the - goods
?30VEKCOATS
\\ we make to
\ \K^ ¦ measure are
M» strictly high
\ JEs^^v. class in every-
F\ \\i thing except
| \ I <di price. When you
\1 see the goods
H y and the tailor-
Y^J( I- ing you will ad-
TftX 1 I * mit that ' they
$gp * . ,1 . can't be beat
anywhere. You
will also admit
that the price is
: '-I right. But re-
'" I "member that
- I you' need only
(J .[ V-- -J& Pay.
$1.00
lit "-A- Week
vWl<Jg»^ The suit is yours
HjT'ro after you make
JSL. WBk " lfle flrst payment.
(cXy ¦¦T,~ . . till 10 remain open
"¦^** ¦ till 10 o'clock this
. '. (Saturday) even-
. .• ..." > Ing. ¦¦ .
128 Ellis St. Aboveftmell
Hale*. [_ H* lB '* 3
Silk=Beaver Hats
m&L * rf^t^ Marked n0w ,§2.520.
**** JfW J Don't know where else you
'^fef^S^ can get them in the city under
I -TJft?- "%, 1 $3.75.
So scarce they're hard to find even at any price.
The rarest and most acceptable offer we can make in
millinery just now. For they are the hats you are air crazy
for. Our New York aids snapped up a few dozen much un-
der their worth and hurried them to us as fast as the express
could bring them. The brims are wide and quite stiff, and,
with the crown, are completely covered with long, silky
beaver. Black and colors now one price, $2.25. A dollar more
# trimmed — $3.25.
New York sends us ¦ -
Sbme More New Veilings.
But we mark them at the same old prices. We have been getting more
than our share of the veiling business this fall, but that's what we started in
to do. We were bound not to show a single common, stale style, nor an in-
flated price.
Two prices to show you what we mean: . , _
AT 25«»— Gray mixed complexion veilings, in open and closed meshes: plain ana
dotted all-silk meshes; also white chiffon, or white velvet dots on black.
AT ?>Oc— Fancy. Tuxedo meshes; plain and with silk chenille and self dots in
black; London meshes with clusters of three small dots; gray mixed Tuxedo
and London meshes plain and dotted: also gray mixed with clusters of black
dots, and white chiffon with black embroidered dots, and black: with white
dots. Then there are the new dotted chiffon veilings, quite \ogui3h now.
Talcum Powder sc.
The drug department conies to the front every Saturday, and with values
that command attention — this talcum powder is perfumed with violet; the
tins have sprinkler tops.
Two other offers you will all want to share are
SAVON ROSE TOILET SOAP. 25c A BOX— Three cakes In a box; assorted
odors. It is an extra good value. ' 
BIZAS PITKE JAMAICA BAY BUM. 20c A BOTTLB-A refreshing
article to use after the bath or shaving; 8-ounce bottle.
Half-pound bars Peanut Candy ioc
It is made from the good old Virginia molasses — made especially for%s,
and for this Saturday's selling — only choice selected peanuts go into — to-
day only L^ :^^ :^^ :l _. lOcabar
Another Big Time
In Flannelette Wrappers.
The values are strong; the wrappers are good; the prices are
more reasonable than ever. So what's to keep us from hav-
ing a big time? No woman can find more comfortable or
more satisfactory house dresses anywhere than these. It's that
fact that has been bringing so many more women to us for
their wrappers this fall.
The surprise of the day is in these
Flounced and Yoke Trimmed
. Flannelette Wrappers 79c.
In red and blue and black; plaited backs; very tastefully trimmed with
braid. . \ . •' - -
95c — Flannelette, with ruffles over the shoulder, finished with braid, bishop
sleeves, flounce on bottom; colors red, blue and black.
$1.25 — Flannelette, set off with ruffles over the shoulder, flounce on bot-
tom, very neatly trimmed with braid, bishop sleeves; colors red, blue and
black. • :
$1.95 — Flannelette, with gathered front, plaited backs, ruffles around yoke
and over shoulder, ruffles edged with braid and embroidery, new sleeves;
blue, lavender, red and black. '•
MORE ARTILLERY
FOR CALIFORNIA
Nine New Companies Get
Appointments to
Stations.
Orders have been received by General
Young from the War Department to dis
tribute tse n'.ne rew companies of coast
artillery organized in the Philippines
among the different ports of California.
Accordingly the Sixtieth. Sixty-first. Sev
entieth ard Seventy-first companlea have
been assigned tc the Presidio. The Sixty
third and Sixty fourth companies will re
lieve Companle3 A and C, Eighteenth In
fantry, at Alcatraz Island. The Sixty
second Company goes to Fort Mason, the
Sixty-eighth to Fort Baker and the Sixty
fifth to Fort McDowell.
The First Battalion of the Eighteenth
Infantry, which has been on duty at the
Presidio for several months, leaves on
November 6 for Fort Bliss, Texas.
The Fifteenth Cavalry is expecting or
ders daily which will enable it to see for
eign service. President Roosevelt is said
to be in no huny to get new troops to the
Philippines, howtver, so it is possible that
some time may elapse before any of the
organizations leave this country. When
the cavalry go»s California will be wholly
under the protection of the artillery,
which is said by army officials to be a
permanent arrangement.
In compliance with directions from the
adjutant general of the army General
Young has assigned the following named
officers to recruiting duty in this city-
Major Nat P. Phister, Second Infantry;
Captain John W. Heard, Third Cavalry;
Captain Fred W. Foster, Fifth Cavalry;
Captain John F. Mcßlain, Ninth Cavalry:
Captain Edward H. Browne, Fourth In
fantry; Captain William F. Blauvelt, Fif
teenth Infantry; Captain William R. Da
shiell. Twenty- fourth Infantry; Captain
Harry A. Leonhaeuser. Twenty-fifth In
fantry.
KATIE VOSS COMMITS
SUICIDE WITH GAS
Leaves Note for Her Employer That
She Had Lost Courage Because
of Sickness.
Katie Voss. a domestic employed in the
family of Leon Van Vliet at 1676 Post
street, committed suicide Thursday night
by asphyxiating herself with illuminating
gas. Although not more than 20 years
old Miss Voss was afflioted with a painful
disease and had been despondent for sev
eral weeks.
It was part of her duties to awaken the
family in the morning, and yesterday, she
having failed to do so. a member ol the
1 housthold went to Mis= Voss' room and
1 found her fully dressed, sitting in a chair
j dead with gas escaping from an open
! burner. On a small table near by was a
i postal card on which was written in
pencil the following in the handwriting of
', Miss Voss: #
Dear Mr.' Van Vliet: Please pardon me fnr
j committing such a terrible crime in your hnu:te.
: for I got so diicouratfed on account ofl my
' health that I <tont want to live any longer.
' So now I say to you all "Goud-by." Yours
truly, KATIE.
Miss Voss was a native of San Fran
cisco. An nur.t, Mrs. Voss, resides at
114^ Larkin street.
ACCUSES GRAND JURY OF PREJUDICE —
¦\V. H. Hutton, attorney for A. G. Carlson, a
striker, who was indicted by the Grand Jury
for an assault to commit murder, made a mo
tion to have the indictment set aside yester
day in Judgre Dunne's court on the groun-l
that the Grand Jury was prejudiced against
strikers. The members of the jury were put
on the stand and all denied they were preiu
diced. A decision on the motion will be ren
dered by Judge Dunne to-day.
« ? ¦
Most every one -who has whiskey for sale
compares Its virtues to Jesse Moors 'AA"
Whiskey. ¦-._._. •
SDH
SPECIAL BARGAINS
SATURDAY, MONDAY AND TUESDAY.
I j '' ' "Who Is Interested In saving money and
lessening: the coat of living see us. writ*
to us, give us a trial order and be con-
¦ vinced. r; "
GRANULATED Best Cane SUGAR, 22 lbs. $1.00
Extra Special. Market Advancing.
ROYAL BAKING POWDER, 1-Ib can. . 40c
Royal Baker and Pastry Book FREE.
CHOICE POINT REYES CREAMERY, sq. .40c
Reg. 50c.
FINEST CREAMERY BUTTER, square. ..50c
"We handle the Best. Reg. 80c.
PETALTJMA RANCH EGGS, dozen 25c
Reg. 30c.
BEST MISSION EGGS, dozen 40c
Gathered Dally. Reg. 47H«.
PERFECT BLEACHING SOAP, 7 cakes. .25c
King of all Soaps— For Cold or . —
Warm Water.
BEST EASTERN L. Bros.' Brand HAMS, 1b.14c
Every Ham Guaranteed. Reg. lS^c.
ZINFANDEL & CLARfc-T (in stone jusr), gal 75c
Extra Fine Vintage, 1892. Reg. $1.00.
MOCHA and JAVA, Our Best COFFEE, lb . 25c
' Our Coffee Is the Best In the , *.'v •:
World. Our FRIENDS SAT SO.
GhirardellTs Ground Chocolate, Mb can. .25c
Reff. 30c.
CARNATION CREAM, 3 cans 25c
Reg. 10c can.
BORAX FLOATING SOAP, 6 cakes 25c
Fine White. Reg., 4 cakes, 23c. ¦ .
OLD GOVERNMENT WHISKEY, qt hot. '.Wo
Bottled at the Distillery. Reg. $1.15.
NEW SEASON'S TEAS, 6 kinds, lb . . 400
Reg. 60c and 75c lb.
MONOGRAM 0. P. S. WHISKEY, ga1.. 52.50
Extra 8 Tears Old. Reg. $4.00. Limit 1 gal.
PETIT-POIS (Sugar Peas), can. ..... 1210
Reg. 20c can. _' :.
GHIRARDELLI'S COCOA, Mb can 200
Reg.. 25c. '-'.:
BROMANGELON DESSERT JELLY, pkg. .10«
Macaroni, Spaghetti, Vermicelli, b0x .... 20c
Keg. 25c. y ¦: -
OUR COUNTRY CUSTOMERS
Can take advantage of these "special" sale*.
We ship free of charge within 100* miles ok
all orders exceeding $5. Ask (or monthly <
price list—
1348-13 '4 >'prket Street. ,
Opp. Seventh. Phone S. 292. No Branch Stores. j
FROM ADMIRAL DEWEY.
TfißßEA\\Xf/>SrtJSSK GEORGE XATERLH.
\ViiS«3j(ttifci%, German Expert " Optician.
¦ >aWHOglft^ 1071 Market St.. San
' fflß^ma^Hh Francisco— My Dear Sir:
I *$&?^Z5£<&3Z I am still using with
Z^/4z&Kf^>\*z: much satisfaction the*
• glasses you sent me at
:^ys£?™»«g<S> Manila; also, the new
/V'flllK \I\V\SSV *«c«y- Ve »Tr tnilvyours.
I V//yWv\^ - GEORGE DEWEY.
| Mayer le's Glasses Strengthen the Eye and Brain
German Eyewater. 50c.
GEORGE MATERLE. German Expert Opti-
cian. lOTl'-i Market st . near 7th
Cut This Out.
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
! ISA GREAT RESTORATIVE. LNVIGORA-
| • tor and Nervine.
I • The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
j Tonic for the Sexual Organs, for both sexes.
The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of the kid-
neys and Bladder. Sells on its own merits
NABER. AL.FS & BRUNE. Agents'
323 Market St.. S. F.— (Send for Circulars.)
• **^ a T^, *"** * «r- delay. Names oC
60 prominent business men Bent as reference
600 cures In S. F. For particulars addrasa
PHYSICIAN, box 1950. CajTotto*